Information  respecting  any  portion  of  the  region  described  in  Vols.  I. 
and  II.  of  the  Alpine  Guide,  with  a  view  to  the  correction  of  errors  or 
omissions,  will  be  thankfully  received  by  the  Editor.  It  is  requested  that 
notes  may  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer,  and 
directed  to  the  Editor,  care  of  the  Secretary  of  the  Alpine  Club,  23  Savile 
Row,  London,  W. 


Messrs.  H.  Georg  &  Co.  are  Agents  for  the  sale  of  the  Alpine  Guide 
in  Switzerland  and  Lyons.  It  may  be  obtained  at,  or  ordered  from, 
their  houses  at  Bale  (Freiestrasse),  Geneva  (Corraterie),  or  Lyons 
(Passage  de  l'Hotel-Dieu). 


Louden 


The  Alpine  Guide 


THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


BY  THE  LATE 

/ 

JOHN    BALL,  F.R.S.  &c. 

PRESIDENT  OF  THE  ALPINE  CLUB 

A   NEW  EDITION 

RECONSTRUCTED   AND  REVISED 
ON    BEHALF    OF    THE    ALPINE  CLUB 

BY 

W.  A.  B.  COOLIDGE 

FELLOW    OF    MAGDALEN   COLLEGE,  OXFORD 
AND  FORMERLY  EDITOR  OF  THE  '  ALPINE  JOURNAL' 


WITH    NEW   AND    REVISED  MAPS 


LONGMANS,    GREEN,    AND  CO. 

39    PATERNOSTER    ROW,  LONDON 
NEW  YORK  AND  BOMBAY 
T898 

All   rights  reserved 


PREFACE 

TO 

THE   NEW  EDITION. 


Mr.  Ball  in  his  Preface  to  the  third  edition  (1870)  of  this  volume 
expressed  his  surprise  at  the  numerous  changes  which  had  occurred 
since  the  publication  of  the  first  (1863)  an<^  second  (1866)  editions, 
and  had  entailed  many  alterations  in  the  text.  He  also  remarked 
that  after  another  interval  of  two  or  three  years  a  similar  process  of 
correction  would  be  required.  For  various  reasons,  however,  Mr. 
Ball  himself  was  unable  to  carry  out  this  intention,  save  to  a  very 
inconsiderable  extent.  Hence  his  important  work  became  more  and 
more  out  of  date  as  time  went  on  and  the  Alps  were  more  and  more 
minutely  explored. 

It  was  only  natural,  therefore,  that,  after  his  lamented  death  on 
October  21,  1889,  the  Alpine  Club  should  take  into  consideration  the 
question  of  bringing  the  book  up  to  date,  as  a  memorial  to  the 
first  President  and  first  Editor  of  the  Club.  An  appeal  made 
for  funds  to  carry  out  this  project  was  liberally  responded  to,  and  at 
the  Winter  Meeting  of  the  Club  in  December,  1890,  the  then 
President  officially  announced  that  the  revision  would  be  proceeded 
with  at  once. 

On  December  12,  1893, I  accepted,  at  the  request  of  the  Committee 
of  the  Club,  the  post  of  General  Editor  of  Volumes  I.  and  II.  and  of  the 
General  Introduction.  I  explained  in  my  letter  of  acceptance  that  I 
was  already  deeply  engaged  for  that  winter,  and  could  do  little  for  a 
time  except  to  organise  a  band  of  helpers.  But  I  did  not  then 
foresee  that  my  health  would  break  down,  that  I  should  be  compelled 
to  reside*  abroad,  and  that  my  breakdown  would  culminate  in  a 
very  serious  illness.  This  series  of  unexpected  events  have,  of 
course,  greatly  delayed  the  task  of  revision,  which,  though  begun  in 
1894,  was  only  completed  in  1897.    No  one  can  regret  these  vexatious 


vi 


PREFACE  TO  THE  NEW  EDITION 


delays  more  than  myself,  and  I  must  express  my  very  sincere  thanks 
to  the  Committee  of  the  Alpine  Club  for  the  kindly  and  generous 
consideration  which  they  have  shown  to  me  under  such  trying 
circumstances.  However  the  revision  of  Volume  I.  at  least  is  now 
complete,  the  MS.  having  been  ended  on  June  5,  1897,  while  it  was  all 
in  type  on  December  2  of  the  same  year. 

The  first  point  which  I  had  to  determine  was  to  settle  the  main 
lines  on  which  the  revision  was  to  be  carried  out.  Here  I  was  much 
aided  through  the  kindness  of  Mrs.  Ball,  who  allowed  me  to  examine 
her  husband's  Alpine  diaries  and  correspondence,  especially  of  the 
periods  at  which  the  book  was  being  originally  written,  or  later  on 
revised.  I  may  be  permitted  here  to  offer  her  my  very  hearty  thanks 
for  this  great  courtesy.  I  soon  found  that  Mr.  Ball's  scheme  was  (as 
I  had  expected)  an  admirable  one,  consisting  in  invoking  the 
assistance  of  all  the  principal  mountaineers,  whether  English  or 
foreign,  of  the  day.  It  seemed  to  me  that  I  could  do  no  better  than 
adopt  this  plan,  with  the  modifications  which  later  experience  had 
shown  to  be  desirable.  Hence  in  December,  1893,  I  drew  up  a 
circular  of  invitation  (accompanied  by  detailed  6  Instructions which 
I  sent  to  all  the  mountain  specialists  of  Europe  who  were  likely  to  be 
able  to  furnish  useful  information  for  Volumes  I.  and  II.  I  selected 
this  band  of  helpers  from  among  all  the  mountaineers  that  I 
could  hear  of,  absolutely  regardless  of  whether  they  belonged  to 
any  Alpine  Club  or  not,  or  whether  I  had  or  had  not  the  honour 
of  their  personal  acquaintance.  It  speaks  well  for  Alpine  comity 
that  (so  far  as  regards  the  present  volume  at  least)  I  did  not  meet 
with  a  single  refusal,  while  gradually  others  either  spontaneously 
offered  their  services  or  were  later  on  requested  by  me  to  take  part  in 
the  revision.  (A  general  appeal  for  help  was  also  inserted  in  the 
'  Alpine  Journal.' )  These  specialists  each  received  an  interleaved  copy 
of  the  unrevised  text  relating  to  the  district  with  which  they  were 
specially  acquainted.  Their  more  or  less  scattered  notes  (though 
there  were  rare  exceptions)  were  then  set  in  order  by  myself,  and  this 
type-written  draft  submitted  to  the  several  writers,  so  that  the  complete 
MS.  had  been  thoroughly  revised  by  the  time  it  was  sent  to  the 
printers.  I  need  hardly  say  how  very  deeply  indebted  I  am  to  this 
assistance,  so  generously  rendered.  Without  it  my  task  would  have 
been  much  more  difficult,  in  part  well-nigh  impossible.  But  while 
fully  acknowledging  my  indebtedness  to  my  devoted  band  of  helpers 
for  the  notes,  often  of  the  most  detailed  kind,  with  which  they 
entrusted  me,  it  is  only  fair  to  them  to  state  as  distinctly  as  possible 
that  I,  and  I  alone,  am  responsible  for  the  actual  form  and  shape  in 
which  these  invaluable  notes  appear  in  the  published  text. 


PREFACE  TO  THE  NEW  EDITION 


vii 


Two  main  principles  were  laid  down  in  my  *  Circular '  for  the 
guidance  of  my  helpers.  One  was  that  the  book  was  to  be  a  new 
edition,  not  an  entirely  new  work  ;  hence  as  much  of  the  original 
text  as  possible  was  to  be  preserved,  with  corrections,  and  only  in 
certain  cases  was  a  passage  or  section  to  be  rewritten.  The  other 
was  to  keep  always  in  mind  the  special  character  of  Mr.  Ball's  book 
as  a  Guide  to  all  the  Alps,  whether  above  or  below  the  snow  line.  No 
attempt  could  be  made,  of  course,  within  the  limits  of  the  work,  to 
describe  or  even  mention  every  peak  or  pass,  but  my  aim  has  been 
to  give  some  account  of  all  the  principal  peaks  and  passes,  high  or 
low,  included  in  the  Western  Alps.  Various  minor  changes  have  also 
been  made  :  the  descriptions  of  railway  lines  and  of  towns  (save  those 
in  the  mountains)  have  been  abridged,  the  best  local  monographs 
have  been  indicated  in  the  Introductions  to  the  several  Sections,  the 
names  of  Inns  have  been  placed  in  the  Index  (which  can  be  easily 
reprinted  and  so  kept  up  to  date),  heights  have  been  given  in  both 
English  feet  and  metres,  &c.  &c.  Unless  it  seemed  to  me  absolutely 
necessary,  the  boundaries  of  the  Chapters  and  Sections  have  remained 
unaltered,  but  new  Routes  have  not  unfrequently  been  inserted.  For 
it  is  a  well-known  fact  that  the  building  of  a  new  mountain  Inn  or 
Club  hut  entirely  alters  the  character  of  a  mountain  region  from  the 
point  of  view  of  the  practical  convenience  of  travellers,  and  in  a 
Guide-book,  even  in  a  Memorial  Edition,  such  changes  must  be  taken 
account  of.  Further,  the  growing  tendency  of  travellers  to  settle 
down  for  some  time  in  one  spot  had  to  be  considered.  Hence  in  the 
present  edition  there  will  be  found  tolerably  full  notices  of  the  ex- 
cursions and  ascents  to  be  made,  not  merely,  as  of  old,  from  Chamonix, 
Courmayeur,  Zermatt,  &c,  but  also  from  such  new  '  centres '  as 
Maljasset,  Abries,  La  Berarde,  Pralognan,  Val  d'Isere,  Cogne,Chanrion, 
Arolla,  &c.  In  this  way  it  is  hoped  to  make  the  book  more  useful  to  the 
various  sections  of  Alpine  travellers.  In  short,  my  aim  has  been  to 
endeavour  to  give  this  book  a  place  between  such  a  Guide  for  ordinary 
travellers  as  '  Murray '  and  such  a  special  series  as  the  6  Climbers' 
Guides,'  with  both  of  which  I  have  been  closely  associated.  My  own 
fairly  extended,  in  some  cases  very  detailed,  acquaintance  with  well- 
nigh  every  district  described  in  the  present  volume  has  enabled  me,  I 
trust,  to  do  justice  to  the  conflicting  claims  of  many  favourite  resorts, 
while  I  have  spared  no  pains  in  consulting  the  vast  mass  of  recent 
Alpine  literature,  periodical  or  not,  in  order  to  obtain  information  that 
might  be  of  service  to  the  readers  of  this  volume.  The  lists  of  books, 
Alpine  periodicals,  maps,  and  Club  huts  in  the  c  Preliminary  Notes ' 
have  been  made  as  complete  as  possible  within  due  limits. 

Mountaineers  of  any  nationality  who  meditate  exploring  the  peaks 


viii 


PREFACE  TO  THE  NEW  EDITION 


and  passes  on  the  frontier  ridge  S.  of  the  Mont  Cenis  Pass  must  be 
warned  that  of  recent  years  the  action  of  the  military  authorities  of 
France  and  Italy  has  made  such  explorations  very  disagreeable  and 
nearly  impossible.  This  is  specially  the  case  on  the  French  slope, 
where  passports  and  other  ordinary  means  of  identification  are  nearly 
useless,  as  the  officials  imagine  that  every  traveller,  even  if  refraining 
from  making  sketches  or  taking  photographs,  is  necessarily  a  spy.  It 
has  happened  that  even  those  explorers  who  have  armed  themselves 
with  special  permits  from  the  central  authorities  have  been  much 
persecuted  by  the  local  officials.  It  is  to  be  hoped  that  the  authorities 
may  before  long  be  convinced  that,  unless  they  wish  to  exclude  abso- 
lutely all  travellers  from  this  part  of  their  country,  they  must  treat 
them  with  ordinary  courtesy  and  consideration. 

Although  explorers  of  the  higher  regions  of  the  Alps  must  employ 
the  more  or  less  perfect  maps  issued  by  the  various  Government 
Surveys,  yet  it  is  convenient  to  have  at  hand  a  set  of  maps  on  a 
smaller  scale.  Hence  six  entirely  new  District  Maps  (on  which  the 
greatest  pains  have  been  bestowed),  representing  the  chain  of  the 
Alps  S.  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard  Pass,  are  given  with  this  volume. 
They  are  arranged  to  form  a  continuous  series,  and  at  the  pass  named 
join  the  'Alpine  ClubJ  Map,  from  which  the  three  District  Maps  of 
the  Pennines  (slightly  revised  only  by  reason  of  expense)  are  taken. 
The  General  Map  of  the  Western  Alps  has  also  been  thoroughly 
overhauled. 

In  a  work  involving  so  many  details,  many  of  them  extremely 
subject  to  change,  it  is  impossible,  despite  the  greatest  care,  to  avoid 
slips,  and  even  mistakes  which  may  cause  momentary  inconvenience. 
But  I  hope  that,  as  heretofore,  travellers  who  note  any  shortcomings 
will  show  their  interest  in  and  appreciation  of  the  book  by  forwarding 
their  remarks  to  the  Editor  at  the  Alpine  Club  Rooms,  23  Savile 
Row,  W. 

There  now  only  remains  the  pleasant  duty  of  thanking  those  who 
have  so  courteously  and  efficiently  helped  me  to  bring  the  first  instal- 
ment of  this  undertaking  to  a  successful  close.  First  and  foremost 
my  most  hearty  thanks  are  due  to  Mr.  Douglas  Freshfield,  whose 
unwearied  friendship  has  aided  me  throughout  in  every  way,  and 
has  encouraged  me  to  an  extent  of  which  he  himself  is  probably 
not  aware,  but  which  I  can  more  or  less  fully  appreciate.  Next  I 
must  express  my  grateful  acknowledgments  to  Sir  Joseph  Hooker 
and  to  Professor  Bonney,  who  have  each  made  a  most  important  con- 
tribution to  this  Memorial  Edition  of  the  work  of  their  old  friend  by 
reading  the  entire  text  of  Volumes  L  and  II.,  so  as  to  correct  the 
botanical  and  geological  information  therein  contained.  Amongst 


PREFACE  TO  THE  NEW  EDITION 


ix 


my  helpers  in  the  revision  of  the  more  strictly  mountaineering 
portions  of  the  text  of  Volume  I.  there  are  three  whose  assistance  has 
been  of  enormous  value  and  importance,  so  that  I  am  infinitely  in- 
debted to  them  for  having  so  unselfishly  allowed  me  to  draw  freely 
upon  their  vast  stores  of  special  information  :  I  allude  to  Monsieur 
Michel  Gilly,  Monsieur  Louis  Kurz,  and  Mr.  Alfred  G.  Topham, 
who  have  had  in  charge  respectively  the  main  portions  of  the  sections 
relating  to  the  Maritime  Alps,  to  the  Chain  of  Mont  Blanc,  and  to 
the  Central  and  part  of  the  Eastern  Pennines.  But  these  three 
mountaineers  are  but  '  primi  inter  pares,5  for,  if  I  am  indebted  for  a 
smaller  amount  of  information  to  my  other  helpers,  these  have  been 
in  no  way  inferior  in  zeal,  in  diligence,  or  in  willingness  to  my  three 
chief  collaborators.  I  wish,  therefore,  to  thank  most  sincerely  the  fol- 
lowing mountaineers  for  the  aid  rendered  by  them  with  reference 
to  the  districts  named  : — 

i.  Maritime  Alps.    Monsieur  Valentin  de  Gorlof,  M.  Francois  Arnaud, 

Prof.  W.  Kilian. 

ii.  Cottian  Alps.    M.  Arnaud  (again),  Dr.  J.  W.  Gregory,  Monsieur 

J.  J.  R.  Tron  ( Waldensian  pasteur). 
hi.  Dauphine  Alps.      Mr.   Frederick    Gardiner,   MM.    Felix  Perrin, 

Auguste  Reynier,  and  H.  Ferrand. 
iv.  Graia?z  Alps.    Mr.  G.  Yeld,  and  M.  Ferrand  (again), 
v.  Chain  of  Mont  Blanc.    Mr.  G.  H.  Morse,  Mr.  J.  H.  Wicks,  Dr. 

Claude  Wilson,  and  the  Rev.  A.  Sloman. 
vi.  Six/.    Mr.  J.  T.  Wills,  and  Dr.  W.  A.  Wills. 

vii.  Champery.    M.  Eugene  J.  P.  de  la  Harpe. 

viii.  Central  Penniiies.    Mr.  Walter  Larden,  Signor  Felice  Mondini,  Dr. 

Walter  Leaf,  and  Mr.  E.  T.  Compton. 
ix.  Zinal  and  Grnben   Valleys.     The  Rev.   A.   G.    Girdlestone,  Mr. 
Frederick  Corbett,  the  Rev.  W.  Gilbert  Edwards,  and  Mr.  J.  S. 
Mann. 

x.  Monte  Rosa  Group.    Sir  Frederick  Pollock,  Bart.,  Sir  Martin  Con- 
way, Mr.  J.  H.  Wicks  (again),  and  Signor  Vittorio  Sella, 
xi.  Antrona  Valley.    Signor  Riccardo  Gerla. 

Let  me  also  recall  the  memory  of  my  poor  friend  the  late  Mr.  E. 
F.  M.  Benecke,  to  whom  I  owe  some  useful  particulars  as  to  the  Val 
de  Bagnes.  If  unintentionally  I  have  passed  over  any  persons  who 
may  have  sent  me  notes  for  this  volume  I  beg  them  here  to  accept 
my  excuses,  and  to  believe  that  such  omission  is  purely  accidental. 

W,  A.  B,  COOLIDGE. 

GRINDELWALD.    February,  1 898. 

N.B. — It  may  be  as  well  to  note  here  that  this  volume  was  sent  to  press 
on  April  2,  1898.  Hence  information  received  after  that  date,  or  published 
later  in  Alpine  periodicals^  could  not  be  utilised, 


X 


AUTHORITIES  QUOTED. 

The  quotations  introduced  in  the  present  volume  are  distinguished 
by  the  initials  corresponding  to  the  subjoined  list  of  authorities,  and 
are  chiefly  taken  from  the  MSS.  notes  communicated  to  Mr.  Ball. 


T.  G.  B.  Professor  T.  G.  Bonney. 

E.  N.  B.  Edward  N.  Buxton,  Esq. 

G.  C.  M.  le  Chanoine  G.  Carrel. 
J.  J.  C.  J.  J.  Cowell,  Esq. 

J.  F.  Mrs.  Freshfield,  authoress  of  '  Alpine  Byways,'  &c. 

R.  W.  E.  F.  R.  W.  E.  Forster,  Esq. 

A.  G.  G.  Rev.  A,  G.  Girdlestone. 

H.  B.  G.  Rev.  H.  B.  George. 

F.  G.  Cavaliere  Francesco  Giordano. 
W.  E.  H.  W.  E.  Hall,  Esq. 

F.  V.  H.  F.  Vaughan  Hawkins,  Esq. 

J.  J.  H.  Rev.  J.  J.  Hornby. 

F.  J.  H.  Rev.  F.  J.  A.  Hort. 

F.  W.  J.  F.  W.  Jacomb,  Esq. 

J.  R.  K.  Rev.  J.  R.  King. 

A.  L.  Mrs.  Lingen. 

M.  Murray's  '  Handbook  for  Switzerland,  Savoy,  and  Piedmont.' 

W.  M.  William  Mathews,  Esq. 

F.  M.  F.  Mills,  Esq. 

A.  M.  Arthur  Milman,  Esq. 

A.  W.  M.  A.  W.  Moore,  Esq. 

R.  C.  N.  R.  C.  Nichols,  Esq. 

A.  A.  R.  A.  Adams- Reilly,  Esq. 

L.  S.  Leslie  Stephen,  Esq. 

F.  F.  T.       F.  Fox  Tuckett,  Esq. 

R.  S.  W.  R.  Spence  Watson,  Esq. 

A.  W.  Arthur  P.  Whately,  Esq. 

C.  L.  W.      Rev.  C.  L.  Wingfield. 

S.  W.  Stephen  Winkworth,  Esq. 


In  the  present  edition  the  notes  communicated  to  the  Editor  are 
not  distinguished  by  initials,  but  the  names  of  those  who  have  taken 
part  in  the  revision  are  given  in  the  Preface. 


ABBREVIATIONS  AND  EXPLANATIONS, 

The  following  are  the  chief  abbreviations  used  in  this  work  : — 

hrs. ,  m. — for  hours  and  minutes.  When  used  as  a  measure  of  distance, 
one  hour  is  meant  to  indicate  the  distance  which  a  tolerably  good  walker  will 
traverse  in  an  hour,  clear  of  'halts ',  and  having  regard  to  the  difficulty  of  the 
.  ground. 

ft.  —  for  feet.  The  heights  of  mountains,  &c,  are  given  in  English  feet 
above  the  level  of  the  sea,  as  well  as  in  metres. 

m. — for  miles  and  metres.  Unless  otherwise  expressed,  distances  are  given 
in  English  statute  miles. 

r. ,  1.  — for  right  and  left.  The  right  side  of  a  valley,  stream,  or  glacier  is 
that  lying  on  the  right  hand  of  a  person  following  the  downward  course  of  the 
stream. 

Names  of  places  are  referred  in  the  Index  to  the  pages  where  some  useful 
information  respecting  them  is  to  be  found. 

For  information  as  to  Hotels,  see  the  Index. 

Throughout  this  work  the  reader  is  frequently  referred  for  further  informa- 
tion to  the  Section  and  Route  where  this  is  to  be  found.  When  the  reference 
is  made  to  a  passage  occurring  in  the  same  Section,  the  Route  alone  is  men- 
tioned. 


xii 


PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS. 

I.    BOOKS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS. 

The  following  list  is  intended  to  include  only  the  more  important 
works  relating  to  the  Western  Alps,  and  makes  no  pretension  to  even 
approximate  completeness.  Books  relating  exclusively  to  matters 
connected  with  the  natural  sciences  are  not  here  mentioned,  while 
current  Guide-books  and  Alpine  periodicals  have  special  lists  to  them- 
selves. In  a  few  cases  articles  (other  than  those  enumerated  in  the 
Introductions  to  the  various  Sections  of  the  text  of  this  volume)  are 
mentioned,  when  they  seem  to  possess  considerable  historical  import- 
ance. A  complete  list  of  works  dealing  with  the  Swiss  portions  of 
the  regions  known  as  the  Western  Alps  will  be  found  in  Herr  A. 
Waber-Lindt's  forthcoming  Bibliography  of  Works  on  Swiss  Travel 
(to  be  issued  by  the  Swiss  Government  as  part  of  the  great  1  Biblio- 
graphic der  Schweizerischen  Landeskunde '),  which  entirely  super- 
sedes vol.  i.  (1785)  of  G.  E.  von  Haller's  6  Bibliothek  der  Schweizer- 
Geschichte.'  A  very  fairly  complete  list  of  books  and  articles  relating 
to  the  Italian  portions  of  the  Maritime,  Cottian,  and  part  of  the 
Graian  Alps  is  given  in  the  first  two  parts  (1889)  of  Signori  Martelli 
and  Vaccarone's  '  Guida  delle  Alpi  Occidentali '  (Turin).  An  excellent 
Bibliography  of  the  Chain  of  Mont  Blanc  is  to  be  found  in  M.  Louis 
Kurz's  '  Guide  de  la  Chaine  du  Mont-Blanc5  (Neuchatel,  1892). 
This  is  not  reproduced  in  the  English  edition  of  this  work  in  the 
4  Climbers'  Guides'  series,  while  one  for  the  Dauphine  Alps  is  given 
in  MM.  Coolidge,  Duhamel,  and  Perrin's  'Guide  du  Haut-Dauphine ? 
(Grenoble,  1887).  Special  bibliographies  of  the  various  peaks  and 
passes  will  be  found  in  the  volumes  of  the  '  Climbers'  Guides '  series 
(London,  from  1890  onwards). 

Albert^  Aristide.    Le  Pays  Brianconnais,    Grenoble,  1887. 
Allais,  G.    Le  Alpi  Occidentali  nelP  Antichita.    Turin,  1891. 
Aimer' 's,  Christian^    Fiihrerbuch,  1856-1894.    A  facsimile  edition.  London, 
1896. 

Unauthorised  edition  of  a  valuable  historical  document. 
Alpi,  Le,  che  cingono  P  Italia.    Part  i.  of  vol.  i.  alone  published.  Turin, 
1845,    With  Map  and  Diagrams. 


BOOKS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


xiii 


Altmann,  J.  G.    Versuch  einer  historischen  und  physischen  Beschreibung  der 

Helvetischen  Eisbergen.    Zurich,  175 1. 
Anderson,  Etistace.    Chamouni  and  Mont  Blanc.    London,  1856. 
Ardouin-Dumazet.    Voyage  en  France.  Paris. 

The  volumes  as  yet  published  which  describe  the  Western  Alps  are  :— 
viii.  Le  Rhone  du  Leman  a  la  Mer,  1896;  ix.  Bas-Dauphine,  1896; 
x.  Les  Alpes  du  Leman  a  la  Durance,   1897  ;   and  xii.  Alpes  de 
Provence  et  Alpes  Maritimes,  1897. 
Arnaud,  Henri.    Histoire  de  la  Glorieuse  Rentree  des  Vaudois  dans  leurs 
Vallees.    s.  I.  17 10. 
The  most  convenient  reprint  is  that  by  Fick,  Geneva,  1879.    An  Eng- 
lish translation,  by  H.  D.  Acland,  was  published  in  London  in  1827. 
Arnod,  P.  A.    Relation  des  Passages  de  tout  le  Circuit  du  Duche  d'Aoste 
venant  des  Provinces  circonvoisines,  avec  une  description  sommaire  des 
Montagnes,  1 691 -4. 
This  most  interesting  MS.  is  preserved  in  the  State  Archives  at  Turin. 
Portions  of  it  have  been  published  by  Signor  Vaccarone  in  the  6  Bollet- 
tino?  for  1880  and  1881.  and  in  his  work  on  c  Le  Vie  delle  Alpi 
Occidentali,'  and  by  Signor  Bobba,  in  the  '  Bollettino  5  for  1890.  Mr. 
Coolidge's  copy — made  at  his  own  cost  and  for  his  own  use — covers 
sixty-six  MS.  folios.    It  is  to  be  hoped  that  some  day  this  JtfS.  may 
be  published  in  its  entirety. 
Arve,  Stephen  d?  (really  E.  de  Catelin).     Les   Fastes   du  Mont-Blanc. 

Geneva,  1876. 
Aubert,  Edouard.    La  Vallee  d'Aoste.    Paris,  i860. 

Auldjo,  J.    Narrative  of  an  Ascent  to  the  Summit  of  Mont  Blanc  on  the  8th 

and  9th  of  August,  1827.    London,  1828. 
Later  editions  in  1830  and  1856. 
Bakewell,  R.    Travels,  comprising  Observations  made  during  a  Residence  in 

the  Tarentaise  and  various  parts  of  the  Grecian  and  Pennine  Alps,  and  in 

Switzerland  and  Auvergne  in  the  Years    1820-2.    2  vols.  London, 

1823. 

Baretti,  M.    Per  Rupi  e  Ghiacci.    Turin,  1876. 
Baretti,  M.    II  Ghiacciaio  del  Miage. ' 

Article  in  the  6  Memoirs'  of  the  Academy  of  Sciences  of  Turin,  1880. 
Beattie,  W.    The  Waldenses,  or  Protestant  Valleys  of  Piedmont,  Dauphine, 

&c.    Fine  illustrations.    London,  1838. 
Beaufoy,  Colonel.    Narrative  of  a  Journey  from  the  Village  of  Chamounix,  in 

Switzerland,  to  the  Summit  of  Mont  Blanc,  undertaken  on  August  8, 

1787. 

Article  in  the  6  Annals  of  Philosophy '  for  February,  181 7. 
Beaumont,  J.  F.  Albanis.    Travels  through  the  Maritime  Alps  from  Italy  to 

Lyons  over  the  Col  de  Tende.    London,  1795. 
Beaumont,  J.  F.  Albanis.    Description  des  Alpes  Grecques  et  Cottiennes,  ou 

Tableau   Historique  de   la  Savoie.    2  vols,  in  4  parts.    With  Atlas. 

Paris,  1802-6. 


xiv       PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Beaumont,  J.  F.  A  /dams.  Travels  through  the  Lepontine  Alps  from  Lyons 
to  Turin  by  way  of  the  Great  St.  Bernard.     London,  1800. 

Beaumont,  J.  F.  Albanis.  Voyage  Pittoresque  aux  Alpes  Pennines. 
Geneva,  1787. 

Beaupre,  Julien  de.  Account  of  his  Ascent  of  the  Mont  Aiguille  in  1492. 
Reprinted  in  vol.  vi.  of  the  6  Annuaire  de  la  Societe  des  Touristes  du 
Dauphine. ' 

Berlepsch,  H.  A.    Die  Alpen  in  Natur  und  Lebensbildern.    Leipzig,  1861  ; 

5th  edition,  Jena,  1885.    English  translation  by  Leslie  Stephen,  1861. 
Berndt,  G.    Das  Val  d'Anniviers  und  das  Bassin  de  Sierre.    Gotha,  1882. 

Supplement  No.  66  to  Petermann's  c  Mittheilungen.' 
Bianchetti,    Enrico.     L'Ossola   Inferiore  :   notizie   storiche  e  documenti. 

2  vols,  (one  of  text  and  one  of  original  documents.)    Turin,  1878. 
Betha,  Le  Chanoine.    Valgrisanche  :  notices  historiques.    Aosta,  1877. 
Bonnefoy,J.  A.,  and  Perrin,  A.    Le  Prieure  de  Chamonix  :  documents 

relatifs  au  Prieure  et  a  la  Vallee  de  Chamonix.    2  vols.    Chambery,  1879 

and  1883. 

Bonney,  T.  G.  Outline  Sketches  in  the  High  Alps  of  Dauphine.  London, 
1865. 

Bonney,  T.  G.    The  Alpine  Regions  of  Switzerland  and  the  Neighbouring 

Countries.    London,  1868. 
Bonstetten,  Albert  von.    Superioris  Germaniae  Confcederationis  Descriptio. 
The  first  description  of  Switzerland,  1479 :  the  Latin  and  German  texts 
have  been  well  edited  in  vol.  xiii.,   1893,    of  the    '  Quellen  zur 
Schweizer  Geschichte,'  published  at  Basel. 
Bordier,  A.  C.    Voyage  Pittoresque  aux  Glacieres  de  Savoye.   Fait  en  1772. 
Geneva,  1773. 

Bourcet,  P.  J.  de.    Memoires  Militaires  sur  les  Frontieres  de  la  France,  du 
Piemont,  et  de  la  Savoie,  depuis  l'Embouchure  du  Var  jusqu'au  Lac  de 
Geneve.    Paris  and  Berlin,  1801. 
Only  partly  by  M.  de  Bourcet. 
Bourrit,  M.  T.    Description  des  Glacieres,  Glaciers,  et  Amas  de  Glace  du 
Duche  de  Savoye.    Geneva,  1773, 
There  are  three  English  translations  by  C.  and  F.  Davy,  which  were 
issued,  1775-6,  at  Norwich  and  Dublin. 
Bourrit,  M.  T.    Description  des  Aspects  du  Mont-Blanc  du  cote  de  la  Val 

d'Aost.    Lausanne,  1776. 
Bourrit,  M.  T.    Description  des  Alpes  Pennines  et  Rhetiennes.    2  vols. 
Geneva,  1 78 1. 

In  1783  this  work  was  reissued  at  Geneva  under  the  title  of  '  Nouvelle 
Description  des  Vallees  de  Glace,5 and  again  in  1785,  in  3  vols.,  under 
the  title  of  e  Nouvelle  Description  Generate  et  Particuliere  des 
Glacieres,  Vallees  de  Glace,  et  Glaciers  qui  forment  la  grande  chaine 
des  Alpes  de  Suisse,  dTtalie,  et  de  Savoye.' 
Bourrit,  M.  T.  Description  des  Cols  ou  Passages  des  Alpes.  2  vols.  Geneva, 
1803. 


BOOKS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Bracket,  Francois.     Dictionnaire  du  Patois  Savoyard  tel  qu'il  est  parie  dans 
le  Canton  d'Albertville.     Albertville,  1883. 
New  and  much  enlarged  edition,  Albertville,  1889. 
Brentari,  O.    Dante  Alpinista  (article  in  the  '  Bollettino  -  of  the  Italian 

Alpine  Club  for  1887). 
Bresslau,   H.    Zur  Geschichte  der  deutschen  Gemeinden  im  Gebiet  des 

Monte  Rosa  und  im  Ossolathal  (article  in  the  6  Zeitschrift  der  Gesell- 

schaft  furErdkunde  zu  Berlin,'  vol.  xvi.  part  3,  1881). 
Brockedon,  W.      Illustrations  of  the  Passes  of  the  Alps  by  which  Italy 

communicates  with  France,  Switzerland,  and  Germany.    2  vols.  London, 

1828-9. 

Brockedon,  W.    Journals  of  Excursions  in  the  Alps  :  the  Pennine,  Graian, 
Cottian,  Rhetian,  Lepontian,  and  Bernese.    London,  1833. 
3rd  edition  in  1845. 
Brockedon,  W.    Extracts  from  the  Journal  of  an  Alpine  Traveller. 

Five  important  articles  in  '  Blackwood's  Magazine,' January,  March,  April, 
May,  and  August  1836,  describing  the  Col  de  l'Autaret,  the  Col  du 
Mont,  the  Col  della  Reale,  the  Fenetre  de  Champorcher,  the  Col  de 
Clapier,  the  Col  de  la  Galise,  the  Col  de  Nivolet,  the  Col  dTseran, 
and  the  Col  de  la  Roue :  all  quite  distinct  from  his  two  books 
mentioned  above. 

Browne,  G.  F.  {now  Bishop  of  Bristol.)  Ice -Caves  of  France  and  Switzer- 
land.   A  Narrative  of  Subterranean  Exploration.    London,  1865. 

Browne,  G.  F.  {now  Bishop  of  Bristol.)  Off  the  Mill:  some  Occasional 
Papers.     London,  1895. 

Browne,  J.  D.  H.  Ten  Scenes  in  the  Last  Ascent  of  Mont  Blanc.  London, 
1853. 

Brun-Durand,  J.     Dictionnaire  Topographique  du  Departement   de  la 
Drome,   comprenant  les  noms  de  lieu  anciens  et   modernes.  Paris 
(Imprimerie  Nationale),  189 1. 
Brunei  de  PArgentiere,  Jean.    Le  Brianconnais  en  1754. 

Printed  in  vol.  xviii.,  1892,  of  the  *  Annuaire  de  la  Societe  des  Touristes 
du  Dauphine.' 

Bulwer,  J.  R.  Extracts  from  my  Journal.  Norwich  (privately  printed), 
1853. 

Burch,  Lambert  van  der.  Sabaudorum  ducum  principumque  historian 
gentilitiae.    Leyden,  1599. 

The  Elzevir  edition  (Leyden,  1634)  is  entitled  <  Sabaudiaa  Respublica 
et  Historia.' 

Burckhardt,  J.  R.  Untersuchungen  iiber  die  erste  Bevolkerung  des  Alpen- 
gebirgs,  insbesondere  der  schweizerischen  Urkantone,  des  Berner  Ober- 
land,  und  des  Oberwallis. 

Article  in  vol.  iv.  of  the  4  Archiv  fur  Schweizerische  Geschichte,'  Zurich, 
1846. 


xvi       PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Bw-naby,    Mrs.    (now   Mrs.    Main. )    The   High  Alps   in   Winter  ;  or* 

Mountaineering  in  Search  of  Health.    London,  1883. 
Burnaby,  Mrs.  {now  Mrs.   Mam.)     High  Life  and  Towers  of  Silence. 

London,  1886. 

Butler,  Samuel.  Alps  and  Sanctuaries  of  Piedmont  and  the  Canton  Ticino. 
London,  1882. 

Chabrand,  J.  A.,  and  Rochas  dAighm,  A.  de.  Patois  des  Alpes  Cottiennes 
(Brianconnaiset  Vallees  Vaudoises),  et  en  particulier  du  Queyras.  Grenoble 
and  Paris,  1877. 

Cole,  Mrs.  H.  IV.  A  Lady's  Tour  Round  Monte  Rosa ;  with  Visits  to  the 
Italian  Valleys  of  Anzasca,  Mastalone,  Camasco,  Sesia,  Lys,  Challant, 
Aosta,  and  Cogne.  In  a  series  of  Excursions  in  the  years  1850-56-58. 
London,  1859. 

Coleman,  E.  T.    Scenes  from  the  Snow  Fields ;  being  Illustrations  from  the 

Upper  Ice- World  of  Mont  Blanc.    London,  1859. 
Comba,  Emile.    Histoire  des  Vaudois  dTtalie.    Paris  and  Turin. 

Vol.  i. — Avant  la  Reforme — of  the  original  appeared  in  1887,  and  in  an 
English  translation  in  1889. 
Conway,  Sir  Martin.    The  Alps  from  End  to  End.    London,  1895. 
Coolidge,  W.  A.  B.    Swiss  Travel  and  Swiss  Guide-Books.    London,  1889. 
Contains  a  history  of  Swiss  Guide-Books,  of  Alpine  Inns,  and  ofZermatt, 
with  a  Bibliography  of  Books  of  Swiss  Travel. 
Coolidge,  W.  A.  B.    The  Saracens  in  the  Alps. 

Two  articles  in  vols.  ix.  and  x.  of  the  e  Alpine  Journal. '     The  author  does 
not  now  accept  the  theory  of  a  Saracen  colony  in  the  Valley  of  Saas. 
Coolidge,  W.  A.  B.    Quelques  Noms  de  Lieux  dans  la  Vallee  de  Saas. 

Article  relating  to  the  names  Mischabel,  Fee,  &c. ,  in  the  <  Anzeiger  fur 
Schweizer  Geschichte,'  No.  6,  1896,  and  No.  1,  1897,  Berne. 
Corona,  G.    Picchi  e  Burroni.    Turin,  1876. 
Corona,  G.    Aria  di  Monti.    Rome,  1880. 

Cory  ate,  T,    Coryat's  Crudities  hastily  gobled  up  in  five  moneths  Travells  in 
France,  Savoy,   Italy,   Rhetia,  comonly  called  the  Gryson's  country : 
Helvetia,  alias  Switzerland,  some  parts   of  High  Germany,  and  the 
Netherlands.    London,  1608.    (Reprinted  in  three  vols,  in  1776.) 
Cowell,  J.  J.    The  Graian  Alps  and  Mount  Iseran. 

Article  in  'Vacation  Tourists  and  Notes  of  Travel  in  i860.'  London, 
1 861. 

Coxe,  W,    Travels  in  Switzerland  and  in  the  Country  of  the  Grisons.    3  vols. 
London,  1801. 

This  edition — the  4th — of  this  classical  work  is  the  best. 
Cunningham,  C.  D.,  and  Abney,   W.  de  W.    The  Pioneers  of  the  Alps. 
London,  1887.     (2nd  edition,  1888.  ) 
Lives  of  Famous  Guides. 
Daudet,  Alphonse.    Tartarin  sur  les  Alpes.    Paris,  1885.    (English  transla- 
tion, same  date.) 


BOOKS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


xvii 


Deluc^J.  A.,  and  Dentan,  P.  G.    Relation  de  Differents  Voyages  dans  les 

Alpes  du  Faucigny.    Maestricht,  1776. 
Deluc,  J.  A.    Lettres  Physiques  et  Morales  sur  les  Montagnes.    The  Hague, 

1778. 

Dent,  Clinton  T.    Above  the  Snow  Line.  Mountaineering  Sketches  between 

1870  and  1880.    London,  1885. 
Desjardins,  Ernest.    Geographie;Historique  et  Administrative  de  la  Gaule 

Romaine.    4  vols.    Paris,  1 876- 1893. 
Desor,  E.    Excursions  et  Sejours  dans  les  Glaciers  et  les  Hautes  Regions  des 

Alpes  de  M.  Agassiz  et  de  ses  compagnons  de  voyage.     2  series.  Neu- 

chatel  and  Paris,  1844  and  1845. 
Dhellancourt.    Observations  Mineralogiques  faites  dans  le  Dauphine,  depuis 

la  source  de  la   Romanche  jusqu'a  la  plaine  de  l'Oisans,  en  aout  et 

septembre,  1785. 

Reprinted  in  vol.  xvii.  — 189 1 — of  the  '  Annuaire  de  la  Societe  des 
Touristes  du  Dauphine.' 
Dollfus-Ausset.    Ascensions  dans  les  Hautes  Regions  des  Alpes.  Strasburg, 
1864. 

This  book — which  contains  reprints  of  many  narratives  of  early  ascents 
— forms  vol.  ii.  of  the  author's  '  Materiaux  pour  l'Etude  des  Glaciers, 
in  8  vols. 

Diibi,  H.  Four  articles  on  the  Romans  in  the  Alps  and  the  Passes  used  by 
them  (in  vols,  xvi.,  xvii.,  xix.,  and  xx.  of  the  (  Jahrbuch '  of  the  Swiss 
Alpine  Club). 

Duhn,  F.  von.    Die  Beniitzung  der  Alpenpasse  im  Alterthum. 

Article  in  the  '  Neue  Heidelberger  Jahrbucher,'  vol.  ii.  part  I.  Heidel- 
berg, 1892. 

Dumas ;  Alexandre.    Impressions  de  Voyage — Suisse.    Paris,  1833  or  1834. 
Durier,  Charles.    Le  Mont-Blanc.    Paris,  1877. 
4th  edition,  1897. 

Eckenstein,  O.,  and  Lorria,  A.    The  Alpine  Portfolio — The  Pennine  Alps 
from  the  Simplon  to  the  Great  St.  Bernard.    London,  1889. 
A   splendid   collection   of  photographs  of  the  Central  and  Eastern 
Pennines. 

Engelhardt,  C.  M.  Naturschilderungen,  Sittenziige,  und  wissenschaftliche 
Bemerkungen  aus  den  hochsten  Schweizer-Alpen,  besonders  in  Siid- 
Wallis  und  Graubiinden.    Paris,  Strasburg,  and  Basel,  1840. 

Engelhardt,    C.    M.    Das    Monte-Rosa  und  Matterhorn-  (Mont  Cervin)- 
Gebirg  aus  der  Inseite  seines  Erhebungsbogen  gen  Nord  :  seine  Auslaufer 
und  Umgrenzung,  besonders  der  Saasgrat  mit  dem  Mischabeldom  iiber 
dem  Gletscherkrater  von  Fee.    Paris  and  Strasburg,  1852. 
Both  works  have  maps  and  illustrations. 

Fauche-P?'unelle,  A.  Etude  sur  les  Anciennes  Institutions  Autonomes  on 
Populaires  des  Alpes  Cottiennes-Brianconnaises.  2  vols.  Grenoble  and 
Paris,  1856-7. 

I.  a 


xviii     PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Favre,  Alphonse.    Recherches  Geologiques  dans  les  parties  de  la  Savoie,  du 
Piemont,  et  de  la  Suisse,  voisines  du  Mont-Blanc.    3  vols.,  with  atlas. 
Paris,  1867. 
Has  much  topographical  information. 
Favre,  Ca??iille.    Etude  sur  l'Histoire  des  Passages  Italo-Suisses  du  Haut- 
Valais  entre  le  Simplon  et  Mont -Rose. 
Article  in  vol.  viii. — 1883 — of  the  New  Series  of  the  c  Jahrbuch  ftir 
Schweizerische  Geschichte. ' 
Fellows^  Sir  Charles.  A  Narrative  of  an  Ascent  to  the  Summit  of  Mont  Blanc. 
London,  1827. 

Ferrand,  H.    Histoire  du  Mont  Iseran.    Grenoble,  1893. 

Ferrand,  H.     La  Frontiere  Franco-Italienne  entre  le  Mont  Thabor  et  le 

Petit  Saint  Bernard.    Grenoble,  1894. 
Fe?-rand,  H.    Les  Montagnes  de  la  Grande  Chartreuse.    Grenoble,  1898. 
Fischer,  A.  K.     Die  Hunnen  im  Schweizerischen  Eifischthale.  Zurich, 

1896. 

Forbes,  James  D.      Travels  rin  the  Alps  of  Savoy  and  other  parts  of  trie 
Pennine  Chain.    Edinburgh  and  London,  1843. 

'2nd  edition,  1845.    An  abridgment  was  issued  in  1855  under  the  title 
of  '  The  Tour  of  Mont  Blanc  and  of  Monte  Rosa.' 
Forbes,  James  D.    Norway  and  its  Glaciers  visited  in  185 1  ;    followed  by 
Journals  of  Excursions  in  the  High  Alps  of  Dauphine,  Berne,  and  Savoy. 
London,  1853. 

Forbes,  James  D.    The  Topography  of  the  Chain  of  Mont  Blanc. 

Article  in  trie  '  North  British  Review  '  for  March  1865. 
Forbes,  Janies  D.    Life  and  Letters.    By  J.  C.  Shairp,  P.  G.  Tait,  and  A. 

Adams-Reilly.    London,  1873. 
Forbes,  -Sir  John.     A  Physician's  Holiday,  or  a  Month  in  Switzerland  in 
the  Summer  of  1848.    London,  1849. 
2nd  edition,  1850. 

Forjiier,  Marcellin.  Histoire  Generale  des  Alpes  Maritimes  et  Cottiennes,  et 
Particuliere  de  leur  Metropolitaine  Embrun.  3  vols.  Paris  and  Gap, 
1890. 

First  printed  edition. 
Fozirnier,  Paul.    Le  Royaume  d'Arles  et  de  Vienne  (1138-1378).  Paris, 
1890. 

Francesetti,  Louis,  Comte  de  Mezzeiiile.  Lettres  sur  les  Vallees  de  Lanzo. 
Turin,  1823. 

Freshfield,  Douglas  W.  Across  Country  from  Thonon  to  Trent  :  Rambles 
and  Scrambles  in  Switzerland  and  the  Tyrol.  London,  1865  (privately 
printed). 

Freshjield,  Douglas  TV.    The  Mountains  of  Dante. 

Article  in  vol.  x.  of  the  4  Alpine  Journal. ' 
Freshfield,  Dotiglas  IV.    The  Pass  of  Hannibal. 

Two  articles  in  vols.  xi.  and  xiii.  of  the  4  Alpine  Journal. ' 


BOOKS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


xix 


Freshfield,  Mrs.  Henry.  Alpine  Byways,  or  Light  Leaves  gathered  in  1859 
and  i860.    London,  186 1.  \\ 

Frobel,  Julius.  Reise  in  den  weniger  bekannten  Thaler  auf  der  Nordseite 
der  Penninischen  Alpen.    Berlin,  1840. 

Fuc/zs,  Josef.  Hannibals  Alpeniibergang  :  ein  Studien-  und  Reiseergebnis. 
Vienna,  1897. 

Fwrer,  Sigismund.     Geschichte,  Statistik,  und  Urkunden-Sammlung  liber 
Wallis.    3  vols.    Sion,  1850-2. 
Somewhat  antiquated,  yet  still  indispensable  for  its  local  information. 
Gay,  Hilaire.    Histoire  du  Vallais.    2  vols.    Paris  and  Geneva,  1888-9. 
Gillieron,  J.    Patois  de  la  Commune  de  Vionnaz  (Bas-Valais).    Paris,  1880. 
Fascicule  40  of  the  'Bibliotheque  del'Ecole  des  Hautes  Etudes — Sciences 
Historiques  et  Philologiques. '     ,      ,  , 
Gilly,  W.  S.    A  Memoir  of  Felix  Neff,  Pastor  of  the  High  Alps.  London, 
1855. 

Gilly,  W.  S.    Narrative  of  an  Excursion  to  the  Mountains  of  Piedmont, 

3rd  edition.    London,  1826. 
Gingins-La-Sarraz,  Fred.  de.    Developpement  de  lTndependance  du  Haut- 
Vallais,  et  Conquete  du  Bas- Vallais. 
Articles  in  vols.  ii.  and  iii.  of  the  *  Archiv  fiir  Schweizerische  Geschichte, 9 
Zurich,  1844-5.    The  separate  reprint  lacks  the  *  Pieces  Justificatives. ' 
Gingins-La-Sarraz,  Fred.  de.    Documents  pour  servir  a  l'histoire  des  Comtes 
de  Biandrate,  recueillis  dans  les  Archives  du  Vallais,  et  precedes  d'une 
Notice. 

Article  in  the  '  Memoirs '  of  the  Academy  of  Sciences  of  Turin,  2nd 
series,  vol.  x.,  Turin,  1847. 
Gingins-La  Sarraz,  Fred.  de.     Memoires  pour  servir  a  l'histoire  des  Royaumes 
de  Provence  et  de  Bourgogne-Jurane. 
Articles  in  vols.  vii. ,  viii. ,  and  fx.  of  the  {  Archiv  fiir  Schweizerische 
Geschichte,'  Zurich,  1851-3. 
Gioffredo.    Storia  delle  Alpi  Marittime.    Turin,  1839. 

Gtordani,  G.    La  Colonia  Tedesca  di  Alagna-Valsesia,  e  il  suo  dialetto. 

Turin,  1891.  .  v 

Giordani,  P.    Prima  Ascensione  alia  Punta  Giordani  nel  i8ox. 

Letter  in  the  6  Bollettino  '  of  the  .  Italian  Alpine  Club,  No.  17,  1870, 
Turin. 

Girdlestone,  A.  G.    The  High  Alps  Without  Guides.    London,  1870. 
Gnifetti,  G.     Nozioni  Topografiche  del  Monte  Rosa,  ed  Ascensioni  su  di 

esso.    2nd  edition.    No  vara,  1858.  fl 
Golnitz,  Abraham.     Le  Dauphine   et   la   Maurienne    au   XVIIe  Siecle. 
Extracts  translated  and  annotated  by  A.  Mace.    Grenoble,  1858. 
The  original  work  is   entitled  4  Ulysses  Belgico-Gallicus  per  Belgium, 
Hispan. ,  Regnum  Galliae,  Ducat.  Sabaudiae,  Turinum  usque  Pede- 
montii  Metropolin.'     Elzevirs  in  1 63 1  at  Leyden  and  in  1655  at 
Amsterdam.  ,<  J 

a  2 


PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Gorret,  Ante.    Victor  Emmanuel  sur  les  Alpes.    Turin,  1878.  - 
Gremaud,  J.    Documents  relatifs  k  1'Histoire  du  Vallais,  300-1431.  Lausanne. 
7  vols.,  1875-1894. 
This  most  valuable  collection  forms  part  of  the  '  Memoires  et  Documents ' 
published  by  the  4  Societe  d'Histoire  de  la  Suisse  Romande. ' 
Grube,  A.    Alpenwanderungen.    2  vols.    Oberhausen,  1872. 

New  editions  at  Leipzig,  1874  and  1886.    (1  vol.) 
Gruner,  G.  S.    Die  Eisgebirge  des  Schweizerlandes.    3  vols.    Bern,  1760. 
2nd  edition  in  2  vols.,  1778,  under  the  title  of  '  Reisen  durch  die  merk- 
wiirdigsten  Gegenden  Helvetiens. '     French   translation   by  M.  de 
Keralio  at  Paris  in  1770. 
Guillemin,  Paul.    Les  Coutumes  d'Arvieux.    Lyon?,  1880. 
Guillemin,  Paul.    Les  Voies  Anciennes  des  Glaciers  du  Pelvoux.  Paris, 
1887. 

Article  in  vol.  xiii.  of  the  *  Annuaire  '  of  the  French  Alpine  Club  ; 
the  reprint  contains  reproductions  of  two  most  interesting  old  maps. 
Guillemin,  Paul.     Tommaso  Borgonio,  et    la    Premiere     Carte  Topo- 
graphique  des  Alpes  Occidentales  (Dauphine,  Piemont,  Provence,  Savoie). 
Paris,  1 89 1. 

The  same  author  has  privately  printed,  in  very  small  numbers,  unfortu- 
nately,   many   tracts   relating   to   the    early  history  of  travel  in 
Dauphine,  and  to  the  early  maps  of  that  region. 
Gussfeldt,  Paul.     In  den  Hochalpen.    Erlebnisse  aus  den  Jahren  1859-1885. 

Berlin,  1886. 
Gussfeldt,  Paul.    Der  Montblanc.    Berlin,  1894. 

Hamel,  J.  von.    Relation  de  deux  Tentatives  Recentes  pour  monter  sur  le 
Mont  Blanc. 

Article  in  the  4  Bibliotheque  Universelle '  of  Geneva  for  August 
1820.  A  German  translation  appeared  as  a  'separate  pamphlet  at 
Basel  in  1820. 

Hamel)  J.  von.     Beschreibung  zweyer  Reisen  auf  den  Montblanc  unter- 

nommen  in  August  1820. 
Article  in  the  *  Conversationsblatt 5  of  Vienna,  1 821. 
JTawes,  B.    Narrative  of  an  Ascent  to  the  Summit  of  Mont  Blanc  made 

during  the  Summer  of  1827  by  Mr.  W.  Hawes  and  Mr.  C.  Fellows. 

London,  1828. 

Heierli,       and  Oechsli,  W,    Urgeschichte  des  Wallis.    Zurich,  1896. 

This  monograph  forms  part  3  of  vol.  xxiv.  of  the  *  Mittheilungen  der 
antiquarischen  Gesellschaft  in  Zurich. ' 
Heusler,  Andreas.    Rechtsquellen  des  Cantons  Wallis.    Basel,  1890. 
Most  valuable  for  its  constitutional  and  detailed  local  information. 
«  Hinchliff,  T.  W.     Summer  Months  among  the  Alps  ;  with  the  Ascent  of 
Monte  Rosa.    London,  1857. 
Hirzel-Escher.     Wanderungen   in   weniger   besuchte   Alpengegenden  der 
Schweiz,  und  ihrer  nachsten  Umgebungen.    Zurich,  1829. 


BOOKS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


xxi 


Hoppeler,  R.  R.    Beitrage  zur  Geschichte  des  Wallis  im  Mittelalter.  Zurich, 
1897. 

Hort,  F.  J.  A.    Life  and  Letters.     By  A.  F.  Hort.     2  vols.  London, 
1896. 

Many  interesting  letters  relating  to  early  climbing. 
Hudson,  C. ,  and  Kennedy,  E.  S.    Where  there's  a  Will  there's  a  Way :  an 
Ascent  of  Mont  Blanc  by  a  New  Route  and  Without  Guides.  London, 
1856. 

In  the  2nd  edition,  also  issued  in  1856,  there  were  added  narratives  of 
Mr.  Hudson's  attempt  on  Monte  Rosa  in  1854,  and  of  the  first  ascent 
in  1855,  by  Mr.  Hudson  and  his  friends. 
Lsaia,  C.    Al  Monviso  per  Val  di  Po  e  Val  di  Varaita :  Reminiscenze  Alpine. 
Turin,  1874. 

Javelle,  E.    Souvenirs  d'un  Alpiniste.    Lausanne,  1886. 

2nd  edition,  1892  ;  3rd  edition,  1897. 
Kilian,  W.    Etude  Orographique  sur  les  Alpes  de  la  Basse  Maurienne. 

Article  in  vol.  xxii.  of  the  '  Annuaire  de  la  Societe  des  Touristes  du 
Dauphine. '      Grenoble,  1897.     The  special   bibliographies  of  the 
several  peaks  and  passes  were  compiled  by  Mr.  Coolidge. 
King,  S.  W.    The  Italian  Valleys  of  the  Pennine  Alps  :  a  Tour  through  all 
the  Romantic  and  less-frequented  £  Vals '  of  Northern  Piedmont,  from  the 
Tarentaise  to  the  Gries.    London,  1858. 
La  Blottiere.    Memoire  concernant  les  Frontieres  de  France,  Savoie,  et  Pie- 

mont.    Edited  by  H.  Duhamel.    Grenoble,  1891. 
Ladoucette,  J.  C.  F.     Histoire,  Topographie,  Antiquites,  Usages,  Dialectes 
des  Hautes  Alpes.    With  an  Atlas.    Paris,  1820. 
2nd  edition,  1834  ;  the  best  edition  is  the  3rd,  issued  in  1848. 
Lendenfeld,  R.  von.    Die  Westalpen.    Prague,  Vienna,  and  Leipzig,  1896. 
Le  Pays.    Nouvelles  (Euvres  de  M.  Le  Pays.    Amsterdam,  1674. 

Contains  a  very  curious  letter  dated  from  Chamonix  in  1669. 
Leschevin,  P.  X.    Voyage  a  Geneve  et  a  la  Vallee  de  Chamouni  en  Savoie. 

Paris  and  Geneva,  181 2. 
Levasseur,  E.    Les  Alpes  et  les  Grandes  Ascensions.    Paris,  1889. 
Longman,  W.    Modern  Mountaineering  and  the  History  of  the  Alpine  Club. 

Issued  as  an  Appendix  to  vol.  viii.,  1876-8,  of  the  '  Alpine  Journal.' 
Mader,  Fritz.    Die   hochsten  Teile   der  Seealpen  und   der  Ligurischen 
Alpen  in  physiographischer  Beziehung.    Leipzig,  1897. 
Expansion  of  the  author's  article  in  the  6  Bollettino  '  of  the  Italian 
Alpine  Club  for  1895-6. 
Magnin,  B.  N.    Ascension  aux  Aiguilles  d'Arves  en  1839.    St.  Jean  de 
Maurienne,  1878. 
Reprinted  in  vol.  xviii.  of  the  6  Alpine  Journal. ' 
Main,  Mrs.    See  '  Burnaby,  Mrs.' 
Malkin,  A.  T.    Leaves  from  his  Diary,  1839- 1856. 

Printed  in  the  'Alpine  Journal,'  vol.  xv.    They  contain  much  interesting 
information  as  to  early  climbingo 


xxii      PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Manno,  A.,  and  Promts,  V.    Bibliografia  Storica  degli  Stati  della  Monarchia 
di  Savoia.  Turin. 
A  work  in  many  volumes  in  process  of  publication  since  1884. 
Marsh,  Herbert.    Two  Seasons  in  Switzerland.     London,  1895. 
Mart  el,  P.     Voyage  aux  Glacieres  du  Faucigny  (1742). 

Printed,  in  the  '  Echo  des  Alpes '  for  1879,  by  T.  Dufour  :  for  the 
English  version  see  under  '  Windham,' 
Martin,  David.    Excursions  Geologiques  dans  les  Vallees  Limitrophes  de 
1'Ubaye,  et  de  la  Durance,  et  sur  la  Frontiere  Italienne.    Gap,  1888. 
Contains  much  valuable  topographical  information  as  to  a  little  known 
part  of  the  Alpine  chain. 
Martin- Franklin.    Se&  '  Vaccaronei '  • 

A/enabrea,  Leon.    Des   Origines   Feodales   dans   les   Alpes  Occidentales. 

Turin  (Imprimerie  Royale),  1865. 
Monson,  Lord.    Views  in  the  Department  of  the  Isere  and  the  High  Alps, 

chiefly  designed  to  illustrate  the  Memoirs  of  Felix  Neff.    London,  1840. 
Montannel,  De.    La  Topographie  Militaire   de  la  Frontiere   des  Alpes. 

Grenoble,  1875. 

Forms  vol.  hi.  of  the  '  Documents  Inedits  relatifs  au  Dauphine,' 
published  by  the  1  Academie  Delphinale,'  and  edited  by  M.  de  Rochas 
d'Aiglun. 

Montet,  Edotiard.  Histoire  Litteraire  des  Vaudois  du  Piemont.  Paris,  1885. 
Moore,  A.  W.    The  Alps  in  1864.    A  Private  Journal. 

Privately  printed,  1867. 
Morozzo,  Le  Comte.    Sur  la  Mesure  des  Principaux  Points  des  Etats  du  Roi 
et  de  leur  veritable  Elevation  au-dessus  du  niveau  de  la  Mer. 
Article  in  the   1  Memoirs  '  of  the  Academy  of  Sciences  of  Turin,  vol.  i. 
1788-9,  in  which  he  describes  the  first  attempt  made  to  ascend  Monte 
Rosa,    See  *  Alpine  Journal,  *  ix.  p.  496. 
Milller,  Karl.    Die  Waldenser  und  ihre  einzelnen  Gruppen  bis  zum  Anfang 

des  14.  Jahrhunderts.    Gotha,  1886. 
Mummery A.  F.    My  Climbs  in  the  Alps  and  Caucasus.    London,  1895. 
Munsler,  Sebastian.    Cosmographia  Universalis. 

First  German  edition,  at  Basel,  in  1544  ;  first  Latin  edition,  at  Basel,  in 
1550.    Many  later  ones  in  both  tongues. 
Muritk,/.  L.    First  Ascent  of  the  Mont  Velan,  1779. 

See  his  account  in  vol.  i.  of  Bourrit's  1 781  book. 
Needham.    Observations  des  Hauteurs  faites  avec  le  Barometre  au  Mois 
d'Aout,  1 75 1  sur  une  Partie  des  Alpes.    Berne,  1760. 
Has  a  map  of  Mont  Pourri,  which  he  thought  the  highest  mountain  in 
Europe.    See  '  Revue  Alpine,'  i.  227. 
Neumann,  L.    Die  deutschen  Gemeinden  in  Piemont.    Freiburg  i/B. ,  1891. 
Nicollet,  F.  N.    Etudes  sur  les  Patois  du  Midi  de  la  France.    Gap,  1897. 
Novaliciense,  Chronicon.    Edited  by  Bethmann.    Hanover,  1846. 

Contains  the  account  of  an  eleventh-century  attempt  on  the  Rochemelon. 


BOOKS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Oehlmann,  E.    Die  Alpenpasse  im  Mittelalter.    Zurich,  1878-9. 

Articles  in  vols.  iii.  and  iv.   of  the  New  Series  of  the  '  Archiv  fiir 
Schweizerische  Geschichte. ' 
Operations  Geodesiques  et  Astrono?niques  pour   la   Mesure   oVun   Arc  du 
Parallele  Moyen,  executeesen  Piemont  et  Savoie  par  une  Commission  com- 
posee  d'Ofnciers  de  l'Etat  Major  General  et  d'Astronomes  piemontais  et 
autrichiens  en  1821-3. 
2  vols.    With  Maps  and  Panoramas,,    Milan,  1825-7. 
Paccard,  Michel.    Premier  Voyage  fait  a  la  Cime  de  la  plus  Haute  Montagne 
du  Continent.    Lausanne,  1786. 
Mentioned  by  Durier,  p.  109,  note,,  but  no  copy  has  as  yet  been  dis- 
covered. 

Parrot,  Friedrich.    Ueber  die  Schneegranze  auf  den  mittaglichen  Seite  des 
Rosagebirges,  und  barometrische  Messungen. 
Article  in  Schweigger's  '  Journal  f.  Chemie  u.  Physik,'  vol.  xix.  part  4. 
Nuremberg,  181 7, 

Payot,  Venance.  Oscillations  des  quatre  grands  glaciers  de,  la  Vallee  de 
Chamonix,  et  Enumeration  des  Ascensionnistes  au  Mont-Blanc.  Lausanne, 
1867. 

2nd  edition,  Geneva,  1879  :  another  in  1884. 
Peaks ;  Passes,  and  Glaciers.    A  Series  of  Excursions  by  Members  of  the 
Alpine  Club.     1st  Series,  edited  by  John  Ball,  London,  1859.    2nd  Series, 
2  vols.,  edited  by  E.  S.  Kennedy,  London,  1862. 
There  were  four  editions  of  the  1st  Series*  all  in  1859,  while  a  fifth  or 
'  Knapsack'  edition  of  this  volume  was  issued  in  18,60,  and  a  partial 
French  translation,  by  Elise  Dufour,  appeared  at  Paris  in  1862,  under 
the  title  of  '  Les  Grimpeurs  des  Alpes. ' 
Perrin,  A.    Histoire  de  la,  Vallee  et  du  Prieure  de  Chamonix t  du  ioe  au  iSe 
Siecle.    Chambery,.  1887. 
For  the  '  Documents  '  see  under  '  Bonnefcy. ' 
Perrin,  Le  Colonel.     Marche  d'Annibal  des  Pyrenees  au  P6.     Paris  and 
Metz,  1887. 

Perrin,  Le  Colonel.  Topographie  et  Defense  des.  Alpes  Franchises.  Peri- 
gueux,  1894, 

Petrarch,  F.    Ascent  of  the  Mont  Ventoux  in  1336. 

See  his  '  De  Rebus  Familiaribus, '  Libr.  iv.  Epistola  I. 
Petdingeriana,  Tabula.    The  best  reproduction  of  this,  famous  old  map  is  that 

by  Dr.  Konrad  Miller,  published  (with  text)  at  Ravensburg  in  1888,  under 

the  name  of  '  Die  Weltkarte  des  Castorius. ' 
Pezay,  Marquis  de.    Description  des  Vallees  des  Grandes  Alpes  :  Dauphine, 

Provence,  Italic 

This  work  was  originally  published  under  the  title  of  '  Noms,  Situation, 
et  Details  des  Vallees  de  la  France  le  long  des  Grandes  Alpes  dans  le 
Dauphine  et  la  Provence,'  in  French — at  Grenoble — and  Italian — at 
Turin — in  1793,  but  the  most  convenient  edition  is  that  published  at 
Grenoble  in  1894. 


xxiv     PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Rambert,  Eugene.    Ascensions  et  Flaneries.    Lausanne,  2  vols.  1888. 

A  complete  edition  of  the  mountaineering  sections  of  the  *  Alpes  Suisses  9 
published  by  the  Author. 
Rameau,  Abbe  B.    Le  Vallais  Historique.    Sion,  1886. 

Key,  M.    L'Ancien  Royaume  de  Cottius,  et  la  Province  des  Alpes  Cottiennes 

de  Cesar  a  Diocletien  (B.C.  30  a  284  A.D.)    Grenoble,  1898. 
Rivail,  Aymar  du.     Description  du  Dauphine,  de  la  Savoie,  etc.,  au  i6e 

Siecle.    Annotated  edition.    Grenoble,  1852. 
Robilant,  Nicolis  de.  Essai  Geographique,  suivid'une  Topographie  Souterraine, 

Mineralogique,  et  d'une  Docimasie  des  Etats  de  Sa  Majeste  en  Terreferme. 
Paper  in  the  i  Memoirs  '  of  the  Academy  of  Sciences  of  Turin,  1784-5. 
Roc  has  d'Aighm,  A.  de.    Les  Vallees  Vaudoises  :  Etude  de  Topographie  et 

d'Histoire  Militaires.    With  a  Map  in  rive  colours.    Paris,  1881. 
Rochas  d  Aiglun,  A.  de.     La  Campagne  de  1692  dans  le  Haut  Dauphine. 

Paris  and  Grenoble,  1874. 
Rochas  d'Aighm,  A.  de.    See  also  under  Chabrand  and  Montannel. 
Rochefoucauld  d'Enville,  Due  de  la.    Voyage  des  Glacieres  de  Savoie  en 

1762. 

Printed  in  vol.  xx.,  1893,  °f  ^e  '  Annuaire '  of  the  French  Alpine 
Club. 

Ro??ian,  J.  Dictionnaire  Topographique  du  Departement  des  Hautes  Alpes, 
comprenant  les  noms  de  lieu  anciens  et  mod  ernes.  Imprimerie  Nationale, 
Paris,  1884. 

Roman,  J.    Tableau  Historique  du  Departement  des  Hautes  Alpes.    2  vols. 

Paris  and  Grenoble,  1887  and  1890. 
Roman,  J.    Repertoire  Archeologique  du  Departement  des  Hautes  Alpes. 
Imprimerie  Nationale.    Paris,  1888. 
These  four  volumes  together  form  perhaps  the  most  splendid  historical 
monograph  ever  published  on  an  Alpine  district. 
Roussillon,  J.  H.  Etude  sur  l'Ancienne  Voie  Romaine  de  l'Oisans.  Grenoble, 
1865. 

The  Author  published  an  '  Etude  nouvelle  et  plus  complete  '  on  the  same 
subject  at  Grenoble,  1878. 
Rude?i,  Joseph.     Familien-Statistik  der   loblichen    Pfarrei   von  Zermatt. 

Ingenbohl,  1870. 
Ruppen,  P.  J.    Die  Chronik  des  Thales  Saas.    Sion,  185 1. 
Saint- Gem's,  V.  de.    Histoire  de  Savoie.    3  vols.    Chambery,  1868-9. 
Saint-Robert,  Count  Paul  de.    Una  Salita  alia  Torre  d'  Ovarda.    Turin,  1873. 
Saint- Ro??mie.    L'Oisans  et  La  Berarde.    Paris  and  Grenoble,  1893. 
Saint- Romme.    Le  Pelvoux.    Paris  and  Grenoble,  1896. 

Two  booklets  admirably  illustrated. 
Sausswe,  H.  B.  de.    Voyages  dans  les  Alpes.    4  vols.    Neuchatel  and 
Geneva,  1779-96. 

There  is  also  an  8vo.  edition — that  named  above  is  a  4to.  edition — pub- 
lished at  Neuchatel,  1780-96.  There  have  been  several  issues  of  the 
'  Partie  Pittoresque  '  of  this  work  from  1834  onwards. 


BOOKS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


XXV 


Savj- Lopez,  Maria.    Leggende  sulle  Alpi.    Turin,  1889. 

Schiner.    Description  du  Departement  du  Simplon,  ou  de  la  ci-devant  Re- 

publique  du  Valais.    Sion,  1812. 
Schlagintweit ,  A.  and  H.    Untersuchungen  liber  die  physikalische  Geographie 

der  Alpen.    2  vols.,  with  Atlas.    Leipzig,  1850  and  1854. 
Attempt  on  Monte  Rosa,  1851,  &c. 
Schott,  Albei-t,    Die  deutschen  Colonien  in  Piemont.    Stuttgart  and  Tubin- 

gen,  1842. 

Sckwarz,  Bernard*    Die  Erschliessung  der  Gebirge  von  den  altesten  Zeiten 

bis  auf  Saussure.    Leipzig,  1885. 
Sckwarz,  Theodor.    Ueber  Fels  und  Firn.    Leipzig,  1884. 
Sella,  Vittorio,  and  Vallino,  D.    Monte  Rosa  e  Gressoney.    Biella,  1890. 
Sherwill,  Markham.    Historical  Sketch  of  the  Valley  of  Chamouni.  Paris, 

1832. 

Signot,  Jacques.  La  totale  et  vraye  Description  de  tous  les  passaiges,  lieux, 
et  destroictz  par  lesquelz  on  peut  facilement  entrer  et  passer  des  parties  de 
Gaule,  que  nous  disons  maintenant  France,  es  parties  dTtalie.  Paris, 
1507. 

A  2nd  edition  was  published  in  Paris  in  15 15,  and  this  has  been  reprinted 
in  vol.  x. ,  1884,  of  the  'Annuaire  de  la  Societe  des  Touristes  du 
Dauphine. 3 

Simler,  Josias.  Vallesise  Descriptio,  et  de  Alpibus  Commentarius.  Zurich, 
1574. 

The  most  handy  edition  of  these  very  important  works  is  that  issued  by 
the  Elzevirs  at  Leyden  in  1633. 
Smith,  Albert.    The  Story  of  Mont  Blanc.    London,  1853. 
Stephen,  Leslie.    The  Playground  of  Europe.    London,  187 1. 

2nd  edition,  with  some  changes.    London,  1894. 
Studer,  Bernard.    Geschichte  der  physischen  Geographie  der  Schweiz  bis  1 81 5. 

Bern  and  Zurich,  1863. 
Studer,  Gottlieb.    Ein  Ausflug  in  die  Grajischen  Alpen,  1855. 

Article  describing  the  Col  de  Nivolet  and  the  Col  de  la  Galise,  and 
published  in  the  4  Mittheilungen  der  Naturforschenden  Gesellschaft  in 
Bern  '  for  1856. 

Studer,   Gottlieb.    Topographische  Mittheilungen  liber  die  Savoy er- Alpen, 

1856. 

Article  describing  the  Cols  de  la  Vanoise,  de  la  Leisse,  and  du  Palet* 
published  in  the  same  periodical  for  186 1. 
Studer,  Gottlieb.    Der  Ruitorgletscher  und  seine  Umgebung  in  topographischer 
Beziehung,  1858. 

Article  describing  the  first  ascent  of  the  Rutor,  published  in  the  same 

periodical  for  1863. 
Studer,  Gottlieb.    Ueber  Eis  und  Schnee.    4  vols.    Bern,  1869-83. 

Vol.  ii. — new  edition,  1898 — gives  the  history  of  the  Swiss  portion  of  the 

Western  Alps,  while  vol.  iv.  (old  edition)  has  some  additions,  &c. 


xxvi     PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Studer,  Gottlieb,  with  M.  Ulrich  and  J.  J.  Weilenmann.  Berg-  und  Gletscher- 
Fahrten  in  den  Hochalpen  der  Schweiz.  2  series.  Zurich,  1859 
and  1863. 

Studer,  Julius.    Walliser  und  Walser.    Zurich,  1886. 

Studer,  Julius.  Schweizer  Ortsnamen  :  ein  historisch-etymologischer  Versuch. 
Zurich,  1896. 

Stumpf,  Joannes.    Reisebericht  aus  dem  Jahre  1 544. 

Printed  in  the  4  Quellen  zur  Schweizer  Geschichte,'  vol.  vi. ,  1884,  at 
Zurich,  and  summarised  in  vol.  xix.,  1883-4,  of  the  4  Jahrbuch  5  of  the 
Swiss  Alpine  Club. 

Stumpf,  Joannes.    Gemeiner  loblicher  Eydgnosschaft  Stetten,  Landen,  und 
Volckeren  Chronickwirdiger  Thaatenbeschreybung.    Zurich,  1 548. 
There  are  also  editions  of  1586  and  1606,  the  latter  the  best. 
Talbert,  Emile.    Les  Alpes  :  etudes  et  souvenirs.    Paris,  1880. 
Terrebasse,  A.  de.    Notice  sur  les  Dauphins  de  Viennois.    Histoire  de  Boson 

et  de  ses  successeurs.    Vienne  (France),  1875. 
Tillier,  J.  B.  de.   Historique  de  la  Vallee  d'Aoste.  2nd  edition,  Aosta,  1888. 
Toppffer,  R.    Voyages  en  Zigzag.    Paris,  1844. 

First  collected  edition  of  ten  lithographed  pamphlets  issued  1832-43  ; 
many  later  editions,  latest  in  1885. 
Toppffer,  F.    Nouveaux  Voyages  en  Zigzag.    Paris,  1853. 

Three  later  editions,  1854,  1865,  and  1877. 
Trench,  F.    A  Walk  Round  Mont  Blanc.    London,  1847. 
Tschudi,  sEgidius.    De  prisca  ac  vera  Alpina  Rhaetia,  cum  osetero  Alp- 
inarum  gentium  tractu  descriptio.    Basel,  1538.    (Also  in  German,  same 
year  and  place. ) 

This  is  probably  the  first  published  treatise  exclusively  devoted  to  the 
Alps,  and  contains,  despite  its  title,  a  considerable  amount  of  informa- 
tion as  to  the  Western  Alps.   The  map  of  the  1st  edition  has  been  lost, 
but  not  that  which  appeared  in  1560  with  the  2nd  edition  of  the  text. 
Tschudi,  JEgidius.    Gallia  Comata.    Constance,  1758. 

Published  long  after  the  author's  death  in  1572, 
Tuckett,  F.  F.    Hochalpenstudien.    2  vols.    Leipzig,  1873-74. 

Translation  and  collected  edition  of  the  author's  Alpine  articles,  with 
maps,  sketches,  &c.  Those  on  the  Old  Weissthor  and  the  Signal- 
kuppe  appeared  in  1867  in  Miss  Tuckett's  'Pictures  in  Tyrol  and 
elsewhere. ' 

Turst,  Conrad.    De  situ  Confcederatorum  descriptio,  1495-7. 

The  Latin  and  German  texts  were  printed  at  Basel  in  vol.  vi.,  1884,  of 
the  'Quellen  zur  Schweizer  Geschichte,5  together  with  a  reproduction 
of  his  map,  the  first  map  of  Switzerland  known  to  exist. 
Tyndall,  John.    The  Glaciers  of  the  Alps.    London,  i860. 
Reprinted  in  1896. 

Tyndall,  John.  Mountaineering  in  1 86 1.  A  Vacation  Tour.  London,  1862. 
Tyndall,  fohn.    Hours  of  Exercise  in  the  Alps.    London,  1871. 


BOOKS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS  xxvii 


Ulrich,  Melchior.     Die  Seitenthaler  des  Wallis  und  der  Monte  Rosa  topo- 
graphisch  geschildert.    Zurich,  1850.    See  also  under  Studer,  G. 
The  earlier  forms  of  all  the  articles  relating  to  the  Western  Alps  in  the 
two  works  of  1850,  and  of  1859-1863  are  to  be  found  in  vols,  i.-iii., 
1849-55,  of  the  1  Mittheilungen  der  Naturforschenden  Gesellschaft  in 
Zurich, '  which  also  contains  other  notes  not  reprinted  by  the  author. 
Umlauft,  F.    Die  Alpen  :  Handbuch  der  gesammten  Alpenkunde.  Vienna, 
Pesth,  and  Leipzig,  1887. 
An  English  translation  appeared  in  1889. 
Uzielli%  G.    Leonardo  da  Vinci  e  le  Alpi. 

Article  in  the  '  Bollettino  '  of  the  Italian  Alpine  Club  for  1889.    It  con- 
tains a  vast  amount  of  interesting  matter  relating  to  Alpine  history. 
Vaccarone,  Luigi.    Le  Pertuis  du  Viso.    Turin,  1 881. 

Vaccarone,  Ltiigi.    Le  Vie  delle  Alpi  Occidentali  negli  antichi  tempi.  Turin, 
1884. 

Vaccarone,  Luigi.    Statistica  delle  Prime  Ascensioni  nelle  Alpi  Occidentali. 
3rd  edition,  1890. 

The  earlier  editions  appeared  in  the  *  Bollettino'  for  1885  and  1886.  It 
should  be  noted  that  this  list  does  not  include  the  peaks  of  the  Pelvoux 
Group,  or  the  main  mass  of  the  Dauphine  Alps. 
Vaccarone,  Luigi.    I  Challant  e  loro  questioni  per  la  successione  ai  Feudi 

dal  xii°  al  xix°  secolo.    Turin,  1893. 
Vaccarone,  Luigi i,  and  Martin- Franklin,  J.    Notice  Historique  sur  l'Ancienne 
Route  de  Charles  Emanuel  II,  et  les  Grottes  des  Echelles.  Chambery 
and  Aix  les  Bains,  1887. 
Valbonnais,  J.  M. ,  Marquis  de.    Histoire  de  Dauphine,  et  des  Princes  qui 
ont  porte  le  nom  de  Dauphins,  particulierement  de  ceux  de  la  3e  Race. 
2  vols.    Geneva,  1722. 
Vallentin,  Florian.    Excursions  Archeologiques  dans  les  Alpes  Dauphinoises. 
Grenoble,  1877. 

Vallentm,  Florian.    Excursions  Archeologiques  dans  les  Alpes  Cottiennes  et 
Graies. 

Article  in  vol.  vii.,  1881,  of  the  «  Annuaire  de  la  Societe  des  Touristes 
du  Dauphine.' 

Vallentin,  Florian.      Les  Alpes  Cottiennes  et  Graies — Geographic  Gallo- 

Romaine.    Paris,  1883. 
Venetz,  L.    Apologie  des  Travaux  du  Glacier  de  Gietroz.    Sion,  1820. 
Venetz,  L.    Memoire  sur  les  Variations  de  la  Temperature  dans  les  Alpes  de 

la  Suisse. 

Most  valuable  article,  containing  much  information  as  to  old  glacier 
passes.     It  appeared  at  Zurich  in  1833  ^n  v°l-       Part  2  °f  tne 
4  Denkschriften  der  allgemeinen  Schweizerischen  Gesellschaft  fur  die 
gesammten  Naturwissenschaften. ' 
Vescoz,  P.  Z.    Notions  Topographiques  et  Historiques  sur  la  Vallee  de  Cogne, 
Florence,  1873. 


xxviii    PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Villars,  Dominique.    Precis  d'un  Voyage  a  La  Berarde  en  Oisans  dans  les 
grandes  montagnes  de  la  province  du  Dauphine,  Septembre,  1786. 
Printed  in  vol.  xiii.,  1886,  of  the  £  Annuaire  '  of  the  French  Alpine  Club. 
One  version  of  this  narrative  appeared  in  Paris  in  1787,  in  the 
'  Memoires  d'Agriculture,  d'Economie  rurale  et  domestique,  publies 
par  la  Societe  Royale  d'Agriculture  de  Paris,'  and  another  in  vol.  viii., 
1882,  of  the  6  Annuaire  de  la  Societe  des  Touristes  du  Dauphine,'  but 
the  1886  edition  seems  to  be  the  most  complete. 
Viollet-le-Duc,  E.    Le  Massif  du  Mont-Blanc.    With  a  Map.    Paris,  1876. 

An  English  translation  appeared  in  1877. 
Viridet,  Ma?r.    Passage  du  Roth-horn,  Montagne  de  la  Vallee  de  Saas,  en 
Valais.    Geneva,  1833. 
2nd  edition.    Geneva,  1835. 
Viridet,  Marc.    Viege,  Saint-Nicolas,  et  Saas,  ou  Recherches  sur  la  Geo- 
graphic, sur  les  Mceurs,  et  sur  l'Histoire  Civile,  Ecclesiastique,  Physique, 
et  Naturelle  des  Vallees  de  Saas  et  de  Saint  Nicolas,  en.  Valais.  Geneva, 

1835- 

Part  i.  only  issued. 

WaHiser-Sagen.  Gesammelt  und  herausgegeben  von  Sagenfreunden. 
Sion,  1872. 

Weilemnann,  J.  J.    Aus  der  Firnenwelt.    Leipzig,  1872-7.    3  vols. 
Vols,  i.  and  iii.  contain  papers  relating  to  the  Western  Alps. 

IVelde?i,  Ludwig  Freiherr  von.  Der  Monte-Rosa:  eine  topographische  und 
naturhistorische  Skizze,  nebst  einem  Anhange  der  von  Herrn  Zumstein 
gemachten  Reisen  zur  Ersteigung  seiner  Gipfel.    Vienna,  1824. 

White,  Walter.    To  Mont  Blanc  and  Back  Again.    London,  1854. 

Whymper,  Edward.  Scrambles  amongst  the  Alps  in  the  Years  1860-9. 
London,  1871. 

2nd  edition,  1871  ;    3rd  edition,  abridged,  1880  ;   4th  and  definitive 
edition,  1893.    A  German  translation  appeared  at  Brunswick  in  1872,- 
and  a  French  one  in  1873  m  Paris. 
Wills,  Sir  Alfred.    Wanderings  among  the  High  Alps.    London,  1856. 
2nd  edition,  1858. 

Wills,  Sir  Alfred.    £  The  Eagle's  Nest '  in  the  Valley  of  Sixt  :  a  Summer 
Home  among  the  Alps ;  together  with  some  Excursions  among  the  Great 
Glaciers.    London,  i860. 
Windham,  W.,  and  Martel,  P.    An  Account  of  the  Glacieres  or  Ice  Alps  in 
Savoy.    In  two  letters — one  from  an  English  gentleman  to  his  friend  at 
Geneva  ;  the  other  from  Peter  Martel,  Engineer,  to  the  said  English 
Gentleman.    London,  1744. 
The  original  French  text  of  both  letters,  written  in  1 741 -2,  was  printed 
by  T.  Dufour  in  the  4  Echo  des  Alpes  5  for  1879. 
Wolf,  F.  0.    Chamonix  et  le  Valais.    2  vols.    Zurich,  1886-8. 

Issued  in  the  series  known  as  6  Europaische  Wanderbilder,'  or  i  Illus- 
trated Europe,'  in  several  languages. 


BOOKS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Wundt,  Theodor.     Das  Matterhorn  und  seine  Geschichte.     Berlin,  1896. 

Beautifully  illustrated. 
Yung,  E.    Zermatt  et  la  Vallee  de  la  Viege.    Geneva,  1893. 
Zsigmondy,  Emil.    Im  Hochgebirge.    Leipzig,  1889. 

Zurcher,  F. ,  et  Margolle,  E.      Les  Ascensions  Celebres  aux  plus  Hautes 
Montagnes  du  Globe.    Paris,  1867. 
3rd  edition,  1876. 


II.   GUIDE-BOOKS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS. 

In  the  following  list  the  most  important  current  Guide-books  to 
different  portions  of  the  Western  Alps  are  included,  but  pamphlets 
relating  to  the  various  Baths,  such  as  Valdieri,  Vinadio,  Brides,  &c. 

Amanda  Francois.    Barcelonnette  et  Ses  Environs     Gap,  1896. 

Arnaud,  Francois.    Guide  des  Alpinistes  dans  la  Vallee  de  l'Ubaye.  Pour 

le  Congres  de  1898  du  C.  A.  F.  a  Barcelonnette.    Paris,  1898. 
Arnollet,  Francois,    Nos  Alpes — Isere  et  Dorons.    Moutiers,  1895. 
Bddeker,  Karl.     Le  Sud-Est  de  la  France  du  Jura  a  la  Mediterranee. 

Leipzig  and  Paris,  1897. 
Originally  issued  in  1885,  under  the  title  of  <  Le  Midi  de  la  France.' 
Badeker,  Karl.    Switzerland.  1897. 

Ball,  John.    Guida  delle  Alpi  Cozie,  con  Note  ed  Aggiunti  del  Cav.  V.  Buffa 
e  Dott.  E.  Rostan.    Pinerolo,  1879. 
Annotated  translation  of  the  Viso  and  Waldensian  Valleys  Sections  of 
Mr.  Ball's  <  Alpine  Guide.' 
Bazetta,  G.  G.,  et  Brusoni,  E.    Guide  de  1'Ossola.    2nd  edition.  Dorno- 
dossola,  1889. 

Bovet,  E.    Le  Lac  Champex  et  ses  Environs.    Neuchatel,  no  date,  but  issued 
in  1896. 

Brockerel,  Giulio.    Guida  Illustrata  di  Courmayeur  e  Dintorni.  Courmayeur, 
1895. 

Brusoni,  Edmondo,     Guida  alle  Alpi  Centrali  Italiane.     Vol.  i.  Domo- 
dossola,  1892. 

This  volume  describes  the  Val  Sesia,  the  Lago  d'Orta,  and  the  Val 
d'Ossola.  Vol.  iii.  will  deal  with  the  mountains  included  within 
those  limits. 

Carrel,  G.    Les  Alpes  Pennines  dans  un  Jour.  Aosta. 

The  N.  bit  of  the  panorama  appeared  in  1855,  but  the  S.  bit  in  i860  only. 
Carrel,  J.  P. ,  Chamonin,  P.  B. ,  and  Vescoz,  P.  L.     Geographie  du  JPays 
d'Aoste.    Aosta,  1870. 
This  booklet  is  nominally  by  the  '  Petite  Societe  Alpine  de  Cogne,'  but 
the  authors'  names  are  given  in  the  Preface. 


xxx      PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Chartreux,  Un.    Guide  a  la  Grande  Chartreuse.    6th  edition.  Grenoble, 
1896. 

Claparede,  Arthur  de.    Champery  et  le  Val  dTlliez.    3rd  edition.  Geneva, 
1893. 

Clavarino,  Luigi.    Le  Valli  di  Lanzo.    Turin,  1874. 

Climbers'  Guides  Series.    London.    Edited  by  Sir  Martin  Conway  and  W. 
A.  B.  Coolidge. 

The  following  volumes  of  this  series  deal  with  the  Western  Alps  : — 

1.  Conway,  Sir  Martin.    The  Central  Pennine  Alps.  1890. 

2.  Conway,  Sir  Martin*    The  Eastern  Pennine  Alps.  1891. 

3.  Coolidge,  W.  A.  B.,  Duhamel^  H.,  and  Perrin,  F.    The  Central 

Alps  of  the  Dauphiny.  1892. 

4.  KiiJ-z,  Louis.    The  Chain  of  Mont  Blanc.  1892. 

5.  Veld,  G.,  and  Coolidge,   W.  A.  B.    The  Mountains  of  Cogne. 

1893. 

Conway,  Sir  Martin.    The  Zermatt  Pocket-Book.    London,  1 88 1. 
Coolidge,    W.  A.   B.,  Duhamel,  H.,  and  Perrin,  F.     Guide  du  Haut 

Dauphine.    Grenoble,  1887, 
Supplement  issued  in  1890. 
Covino,  A.    Da  Turin  a  Chambery.    3rd  edition.    Turin,  1 87 1. 
Covino,  A.    II  Panorama  delle  Alpi  e  i  Contorni  di  Torino.    Turin,  1874. 
Dellepiane,  G.    Guida  per  Excursioni  negli  Appennini  e  nelle  Alpi  Liguri. 

2nd  edition.    Genoa,  1896. 
Duhamel,  H.    Grenoble  considere  comme  Centre  d'Excursions.  Grenoble, 

■  1893. 

See  also  under  £  Climbers'  Guides. ' 
Ferrand    H.     Itineraire  Descriptif,  Historique,  et  Archeologique  de  la 

Maurienne,  et  de  la  Tarentaise.    2nd  edition.    Grenoble,  1879. 
Ferrand,  H.     Guide  a  la  Grande  Chartreuse.  2nd  edition.  Grenoble, 

1889. 

Gorret,  A.,  and  Bich,  Claude.    Guide  de  la  Vallee  d'Aoste.    Turin,  1876. 

Illustrated  Europe  (in  English,  French,  and  German).    See  Wolf'm  the  pre- 
ceding section. 
Joamie.    Jura  et  Alpes  Francaises.    Paris,  1877. 
Joanne.    Provence.    Paris,  1896. 

Joanne.    Alpes  Dauphinoises.    Vol.  i.  only  published.    Paris,  1890. 

Joanne.    Dauphine.    Paris,  1898. 

Joanne.    Savoie.    Paris,  1895. 

Joanne.    Suisse.    Two  parts.     Paris,  1895. 

All  these  are  the  large  editions. 
Juge,   Stephane.    Guide   Bleu  Illustre   des    Alpes  Francaises.  Dauphine- 

Savoie.    Paris,  1894. 
Kurz,  Louis.    Guide  de  la  Chaine  du  Mont-Blanc.    Neuchatel,  1892. 
Laissus,  C.    En  Savoie.    La  Tarentaise.  Guide  du  Baigneur,  du  Touriste,  et 
Naturaliste.    Moutiers,  no  date. 


GUIDE-BOOKS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS  xxxi 


LinariX)  Ch.  Guide  Pratique  de  la  Savoie  et  de  la  Haute -Savoie  Medicale 
et  Pittoresque.    Paris,  1895. 

Martelli,  A.  E.,  Bobba,  G.,  and  Vaccarone,  L.  Guida  delle  Alpi  Occi- 
dentals   2  vols,  in  3  parts.    Turin,  1889- 1896. 

Miriam,  Guides.    Guide  du  Touriste  dans  le  Brianconnais.    Paris,  1898. 

Mortillet,  G.  de.    Guide  en  Savoie.     3rd  edition.    Chambery,  1874. 
First  issued  in  1856. 

Murray.  Handbook  for  Travellers  in  Switzerland,  Savoy,  Piedmont,  the 
Italian  Lakes,  and  part  of  the  Dauphine.  2  parts.  1 8th  edition.  London, 
1892. 

Murray.    Handbook  for  Travellers  in  France.    Part  ii.  (includes  the  French 

Alps.)    1 8th  edition,    London,  1892. 
Perrin,  F.    See  under  '  Climbers'  Guides '  and  4  Coolidge. ' 
Pertusi,  L. ,  and  Ratti,  C.    Guida  pel  villeggiante  nel  Biellese.  2nd  edition. 

Turin,  1887. 

Ratti,  C.  Da  Torino  a  Lanzo  e  per  le  tre  Valli  della  Stura.  2nd  edition. 
Turin,  1893. 

Ratti,  C. ,  and  Casanova,  F.  Guida  Illustrata  della  Valle  d'  Aosta.  Turin, 
I^93-    3fd  edition. 

A  new  edition  is  in  preparation,  the  4  Gressoney  5  section  of  which  was 
issued  as  a  separate  book  in  1897. 
Schaub,  C,  and  Briquet,  M.    Guide  Pratique  de  l'Ascensionniste  sur  les 

Montagnes  qui  entourent  le  Lac  de  Geneve.  3rd  edition.  Geneva,  1893. 
Tivollier,  J.    Monographie  de  la  Vallee  du  Queyras  (Hautes  Alpes).  Gap, 

1897. 

Tonetti,  F.  Guida  Illustrata  della  Valsesia  e  del  Monte  Rosa.  Varallo,  1891. 
Tschudi,  I.  von.    Der  Turist  in  der  Schweiz  und  den  Grenzrayons.  33rd 

edition.    Zurich,  1895. 
Uberti,   Giansevero.    Guida  Generale  ai  Grandi  Laghi  Subalpini.  Milan, 

1890. 

Vaccaro?ie,  L.    II  Gruppo  del  Gran  Paradiso.    Turin,  1894. 

Vaccarone,  Z.,  and  Nigra,  L.    Guida- Itinerario  per  le  Valli  dell'  Oreo,  di 

Soana,  e  di  Chiusella.    Turin,  1878. 
Vaccarone,  L. ,  and  Bobba  and  Martelli.    See  under  Martelli. 
Wagnon,   Auguste.    Autour  de  Sal  van  et  de  Fins-Hauts.     2nd  edition. 

Lausanne,  1895. 

Whymper,  Edward.    A  Guide  to  Chamonix  and  the  Range  of  Mont  Blanc. 
London,  1896. 

Whymper,  Edward.    A  Guide  to  Zermatt  and  the  Matterhorn.  London, 

1897- 

Yeld,  G.    See  under  '  Climbers'  Guides.' 


xxxii    PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


III.  ALPINE  PERIODICALS. 

At  the  present  time  the  number  of  periodicals  devoted  to  Alpine 
matters  is  so  considerable,  and  the  amount  of  valuable  information  they 
contain  is  so  enormous,  that  the  would-be  Alpine  bibliographer  finds 
his  task  a  very  heavy  one.  Yet  when  the  first  edition  of  the  present 
volume  was  issued  in  July,  1863,  modern  Alpine  periodicals  were 
represented  only  by  two  numbers  of  the  '  Alpine  Journal 5  (March  and 
June,  1863),  and  by  a  single  volume  of  the  '  Mittheilungen '  of  the 
original  Austrian  Alpine  Club,  for  the  Swiss  Club  (the  only  other 
founded  at  that  time)  did  not  put  forth  its  first  '  Jahrbuch'  till  1864. 
In  order,  therefore,  to  help  those  who  wish  to  consult  these  numerous 
periodicals  the  following  list  has  been  compiled.  It  practically  in- 
cludes all  the  important  Alpine  periodicals,  for  all  contain  (from  time 
to  time  only  it  may  be)  articles  and  notes  relating  to  the  Western 
Alps.  A  nearly  complete  list  of  all  Alpine  periodicals  is  given  at  the 
opening  of  Herr  Waber-Lindt's  great  bibliography  of  works  relating 
to  Swiss  travel. 

1.  The  Principal  Alpine  Clubs. 

a.  Austrian  Alpine  Club  (Oe.  A.C. ),  founded  December  5,  1878,  as  the 

'  Alpenclub  Oesterreich  ;  '  name  altered  in  1884. 

Oesterreichische  Alpen-Zeitung.    Vienna.    Appears  fortnightly  since 
1879. 

Three  Indices  published,  each  for  6  vols. ,  down  to  end  of  1896;  also 
volume  indices. 

b.  English  Alpine  Chtb  (A.C.),  founded  December  22,  1857. 

The  Alpine  Journal.    London.     Appears  quarterly  since  March,  1863. 
An  Index  to  vols,  i.-xv.  inclusive,  1863- 1 89 1,  was  issued  in  1892  : 

also  indices  to  each  volume  published. 
For  the  history  of  the  Club  see  chap.  iv.  of  Mr.  W.  Longman's 

£  Modern  Mountaineering,'  an  appendix  to  vol.  viii.  of  the  *  Alpine 

Journal.' 

c.  French  Alpine  Club  (CA.F.),  founded  April  2,  1874. 

Annuaire.    Appears  in  Paris  once  a  year  since  1874. 

Index  published  in  1892  to  vols,  i.-xv.  inclusive,  1874-1888  :  no 
volume  indices. 

Bulletin.    From  1874.    Now7  9  numbers  a  year  (not  in  summer  months). 
Dates  of  issue  have  varied.    No  index  of  any  kind,  but  tables  of 
contents. 

Many  of  the  Sections  of  the  CA.F.  publish  1  Bulletins,'  where- 
in many  useful  articles  are  to  be  found.  In  particular  we  may 
mention — 


ALPINE  PERIODICALS 


xxxiii 


a.  The  *  Bulletin '  of  the  Lyons  Section,  8  vols.  1878- 1 892 

(continued  in  the  *  Revue  Alpine  ; '  see  under  2). 
No  index. 

b.  The  4  Bulletin  '  of  the  Maritime  Alps  Section.   Annual,  Nice. 

From  1880  onwards. 
Index,  issued  in  1895,  to  vols,  i.-xv.  1 880- 1 894. 

d.  German  and  Austrian  Alpine  Club  (D.  u.  Oe.  A.V. ) 

This  society  was  formed  at  the  end  of  1873  by  the  fusion  of  two  older 
societies. 

a.  The  Austrian  Alpine  Club,  founded  at  Vienna,  November  19, 

1862. 

It  published  : 

Mittheilungen,  2  vols.  1863-4  ;  Verhandlungen,  I  vol.  1864  ; 

Jahrbuch,  8  vols.  1865-73. 
In  1872  vol.  viii.  of  the  f  Jahrbuch '  was  at  the  same  time 

vol.  iii.  of  the  '  Zeitschrift. 9 

b.  The  German  Alpine  Club,  founded  at  Munich,  May  9,  1869. 

It  published  :  Zeitschrift,  4  vols.  1869-73. 
The   new   society  issued    a   single  annual  'Zeitschrift'  from  1874 
onwards,  and  also  from  1875  onwards  fortnightly  4  Mittheilungen ' 
(various  sizes). 

The  '  Zeitschrift '  has  no  volume  index,  like  the  '  Mittheilungen. ' 
The  places  of  publication  vary  with  the  shifting  of  the  headquarters  of 
the  Club. 

Index  issued  in  1896  (superseding  two  earlier  ones  of  1877  and  1887)  to 
all  periodicals  published  by  either  society  from  1863  to  the  end  of 
1894  (including  vol.  xxv.  of  the  (  Zeitschrift '). 

For  the  history  of  the  two  societies  see — 

(1)  Zur  Erinnerung  an  die  vor  25  Jahren  erfolgte  Grundung  des 

Oesterreichischen  Alpenvereins.    Vienna,  1887. 

(2)  Emmer,  J.    Geschichte   des  Deutschen  und  Oesterreichischen 

Alpenvereins  (an  article  in  vol.  xxv.,  1894,  of  the  *  Zeitschrift,' 

and  also  issued  separately). 
The  Club  also  issues  annually  a  convenient  List  of  Club  Huts  in  the 
whole  chain  of  the  Alps,  and  has  put  forth  (1897)  a  Map  showing  the 
Club  huts  and  mountain  inns  in  the  Eastern  Alps.  It  has,  too,  pub- 
lished Hartinger^s  beautifully  executed  pictures  (500  in  number,  in  5 
vols.)  of  Alpine  flowers — Atlas  der  Alpenflora  (2nd  edition  completed 
in  1897),  and  also  5  parts  in  2  vols.  (1878- 1882)  of  an  '  Anleitung  zu 
wissenschaftlichen  Beobachtungen  auf  Alpenreisen, '  including  oro- 
graphy, hydrography,  geology,  meteorology,  anthropology,  zoology, 
and  botany. 

e.  Italian  Alpine  Club  (C.A.L),  founded  October  23,  1863. 

Bollettino.    From  1865.    Turin.    Now  appears  annually. 
Alpinista.    2  vols.,  1874-5.  Turin. 
I.  b 


xxxiv    PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Rivista  Mensile  (originally  R.  Alpina).  Turin.  From  1882.  Monthly. 
Indices  (three  in  number)  have  been  published  (1885-94)  to  all  these 

periodicals,  complete  for  the    e  Alpinista,'  down   to  1893  f°r  tne 

'  Bollettino  '  and  to  1 891  for  the  '  Rivista.' 
Each  volume  of  the  '  Alpinista  5  and  8  Rivista '  has  a  separate  Index  ; 

the  8  Bollettino  '  only  a  Table  of  Contents. 
For  the  history  of  the  Club,  see — 

Gainer,  Sc.  Cronaca  del  Club  Alpino  Italiano  dal  1863  a*  1888. 
Turin,  1888. 

/  Swiss  Alpine  Club  (S.A.C.),  founded  April  19,  1863. 

Jahrbuch.    Bern.    From  1S64  annually,  in  German.    (Vols,  iv.-v. , 
1S68-9,  also  in  French.) 
Index  (1886)  to  vols,  i.-xx.  (1864-85),  and  volume  indices  from 
vol.  xvi.  onwards. 

The  8  Jahrbuch  '  is  the  principal  publication  of  the  S.  A.  C. 
(*'  Alpina '  added  in  i893),,but  each  of  the  three  nationalities 
have  or  have  had  a  separate  organ. 

(1)  French- speaking  Sections.  Echo  des  Alpes.  Geneva. 
From  1865.    Now  monthly. 

Index  (1892)  to  vols,  i.-xxv.  (1865-89),  but  no  volume 
Indices. 

( 2 )  German-speaking  Sections. 

For  long  these  made  use  of  the  unofficial  publication,  first 
entitled  8  Alpenpost '  (6  vols. ,  at  Glarus,  save  vol.  viL  at 
Zurich,  1871-4),  and  then  (  Neue  Alpenpost'  (16  vols., 
Zurich,  1875-82  ;  neither  has  any  Index,  but  only  Tables 
of  Contents). 

The  first  official  organ  was  the  fortnightly  8  Schweizer 
Alpen-Zeitung '  (11  vols.  1883-93,  Zurich;  only  Tables 
of  Contents  for  vols,  i.-vi.  ;  then  Indices  for  each 
volume). 

From  July,  1893,  this  was  replaced  by  the  'Alpina' 
(Zurich ;  volume  Indices  only),  which  is  now  the 
official  monthly  organ  of  the  whole  Club. 

( 3)  Italian -speaking  Sections. 

Annuario   del   Club  Alpino  Ticinese  (C.A.  T. ),   5  vols. 
(1886-94.)   Bellinzona.    This  society  is  now  a  Section  of 
the  S.A.C. 
For  the  history  of  the  S.A.C.  see  — 

Buss,  E.  Die  ersten  25  Jahre  des  Schweizer  Alpenclub.  Glarus,  1889 
(also  a  French  version,  Geneva,  dated  1889,  but  really  published  late 
in  1890). 

2.  The  French  Alps. 

There  are  such  a  number  of  periodicals  (apart  from  those  issued  by  the 
C.A.F. )  in  which  information  as  to  the  French  Alps  may  be  found  that  it 


ALPINE  PERIODICALS 


XXXV 


seems  most  convenient  to  group  them  together  under  a  separate  heading. 
The  two  principal  are — 

a.  Touristes  du  Dauphine  (S.T.D. ),  Annuaire  de  la  Societe  des.  Appears 

annually  at  Grenoble  since  1875. 

Index  (issued  1896)  to  vols,  i.-xx.  1875-94. 

b.  Revue  Alpine.    Appears  monthly  at  Lyons  since  the  end  of  1894. 

Volume  indices  only. 

As  noted  above,  this  is  issued  by  the  Lyons  Section  of  the  C.A.F. 
It  deals  with  the  whole  of  the  French  Alps,  the  S.T.D.  con- 
fining its  attention  to  the  Dauphine  Alps. 
Several  other  French  periodicals  may  be  mentioned,  though  of  less  im- 
portance to  mountaineers  than  the  two  noted  above. 

c.  Alpes  Francaises.    Grenoble.    From  1884.  Weekly. 

d.  Alpinistes  Dauphinois  (originally  Grenoblois),  Annuaire  de  la  Societe 

des.    Appears  annually  since  1892  at  Grenoble. 

e.  Dauphine,  Le.    Grenoble.    Weekly.    From  1863. 

f.  Durance,  La.    Embrun.    Weekly.    From  1872. 

g.  Grenoble  Revue.    Grenoble.    Monthly.  1890-2. 

h.  Hautes  Alpes,  Societe"  d'Etudes  des. 

Bulletin.    Gap.    Quarterly.    From  1882. 


IV.    MAPS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS. 

When  this  work  was  first  published  in  1863  the  great  Government 
Surveys  of  France,  Italy,  and  Switzerland  were  only  in  progress,  if 
even  begun,  so  that  recourse  was  necessary  to  many  isolated  maps 
made  by  various  savants,  &c.  Nowadays  all  these  great  surveys  have 
not  merely  been  completed  (so  far  as  regards  the  Western  Alps),  but 
also  issued  to  the  public.  Doubtless  as  time  goes  on  they  will  be 
more  and  more  perfected,  but  it  may  fairly  be  said  that  now  we  have 
a  good,  in  part  excellent,  set  of  large-scale  maps  for  the  Western 
Alps.  In  a  few  cases  they  still  need,  however,  to  be  supplemented 
by  special  maps. 

It  seems  best  to  describe  the  Maps  relating  to  the  Western  Alps 
under  three  headings,  according  to  whether  they  are  of  more  or  less 
purely  historical  interest,  or  are  now  indispensable  to  the  traveller. 

i.  Maps  of  Historical  Interest. 

It  may  be  stated  generally  that  the  historical  geography  of  the  higher  por- 
tions of  the  Western  Alps  takes  its  start  (with  a  few  isolated  exceptions  in  the 
case  of  some  special  districts)  with  the  two  great  maps  issued  in  1827  (scale, 
506000  >  many  smaller  maps  on  a  scale  of  10q000  in  the  text)  with  the 

b  2 


xxx vi    PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Operations  Geodesiques,  and  in  1845  (scale  eoofeo)  w^  Le  Alpi  chc 
cingono  V  Italia.  But  part  of  the  S.  W.  Alps  was  mapped,  and  very  well  too  for 
.the  time,  a  good  deal  earlier,  as  M.  de  Bourcet's  Carte  Geometrique  du  Hant 
Dauphine  et  de  la  Frontiere  Ulterieure  (scale  86^00)  appeared  in  nine 
sheets  as  far  back  as  1763,  and  as  regards  parts  of  the  ranges  S.  of  the  Val- 
gaudemar  is  still  the  best  in  existence.  Of  course  there  were  earlier  maps, 
which,  however,  paid  little  attention  to  the  regions  above  the  snow  line  ; 
among  these  may  be  mentioned  BorgonzVs  map  (twenty-five  sheets,  scale 
1I4000)  °f  tne  dominions  of  the  duke  of  Savoy  (1680),  and  the  numerous 
early  maps  of  parts  of  Switzerland,  which  are  carefully  catalogued  in 
the  splendid  list  published  by  the  Swiss  Government  as  vol.  ii.  (1896,  by 
Professor  Graf,  of  Bern)  of  the  great  '  Bibliographie  der  Schweizerischen 
Landeskunde, '  and  such  general  works  as  Weiss'  '  Atlas  Suisse  '  (1786- 1802) 
and  Worl's  '  Karte  der  Schweiz  '  and  neighbouring  regions  (1834-5). 

To  these  may  be  added  the  later  Sardinian  Map  (ninety  sheets,  scale 
185 1-7 i ),  and  the  Dufour  Map  of  Switzerland  (twenty-five  sheets, 
scale  yo^ooo'  1 845- 64)-    Of  the  latter  a  most  interesting  history  was  pub- 
lished at  Bern  in  1896  under  the  title  of  '  Die  Schweizerische  Landesvermess- 
ung,  1832-64  (Geschichte  der  Dufourkarte).' 

Besides  these  general  maps  a  few  special  ones  may  be  named,  which  are 
most  valuable  and  interesting  from  an  historical  point  of  view. 
Dauphine.    (1)  Mr.  Tuckett's  map  of  'The  Pelvoux  and  its  Environs,'  1862 

(photograph  ;  scale  97J00),    which  is  reproduced    (scale   gooW)  m  bis 

'  Hochalpenstudien,'  1873. 

(2)  The  Carte  Topographique  du  Massif  du  Mont- Pelvoux,  by  Prudent 
(1874;  scale  40M00)'  issued  with  vol.  i.  of  the  £ Annuaire '  of  the 
French  Alpine  Club. 
Graians.    (3)  Mr.  Nichols'  three  maps  (scale  xqoVoo  m  case  °f  tne  chief)  in 

vols.  ii.  and  hi.  (1865-7)  of  the  'Alpine  Journal,'  with  the  N.  portion  of 

that  chain,  due  to  the  same  explorer,  on  the  S.W.  sheet  (1874-5  ?  scale 

Wooo)  °f  tne  '  Alpine  Club  Map. ' 
Mont  Blanc  Cham.     (4)  The  maps  by  Adams-Reilly  (1865  ;  scale  8oo~oo)>  by 

Mieulet  (1865  ;  scale  40^00)5  an(*  by  Viollet-le-Duc  (1876  ;  scale  ^oJoo)- 
Central  and  Eastern  Peii7iines.    (5)  The  three  maps  issued  in  connection  with 

Engelhardfs  books,  in  1840,  1850,  and  1856 — a  most  precious  source 

for  the  early  topographical  history  of  the  Monte  Rosa  group. 

(6)  The  two  editions  (1849  and  1853)  of  Gottlieb  Studers  f  Karte  der 
siidlichen  Wallisthaler  '  (scale  1001000)» 

(7)  Mr.  Adams- Reiltys  map  of  '  The  Valpelline,  the  Valtournanche,  and 
the  Southern  Valleys  of  the  Chain  of  Monte  Rosa,  from  an  actual  survey 
made  in  1865-6'  (scale  T^^\ 

(8)  The  eight  sheets  published  by  the  Swiss  Alpine  Club,  under  the 
name  of  '  Excursionskarte  fiir  das  Sudwallis,'  from  1867  to  1869  ;  these 
are  based  on  the  then  unpublished  original  surveys  for  the  Dufour  Map 
(later  issued  as  the  *  Siegfried  Map),  and  are  on  a  scale  of  jq^oo« 


MAPS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS  xxxvii 


ii.  Current  Maps. 
I.  Government  Surveys. 

A.  France.    Carte  de  l'Etat  Major.  258  sheets  (1833-76).    Scale  goJoo-  (The 

best  edition  is  that  lithographed,  and  kept  up  to  date,  which  is  known 
as  the  'Type  1889.') 

Carte  de  la  Frontiere  des  Alpes  (in  three  colours).    72  sheets.  Scald 

■qo^qq.    c.  1875.    A  very  pretty  and  legible  map,  limited  to  the 

frontier  districts. 

Carte  du  Service  Vicinal,  c.  600  sheets.  Scale  i^oo*  Very  legible 
and  handy,  but  extremely  untrustworthy  as  to  names  and  heights. 
All  the  Alpine  sheets  were  issued  by  1889. 

B.  Italy.    Carta  Topografica  del  Regno  d'  Italia.    277  sheets.    Scale  tWooo-' 

Too  small  for  practical  use. 

Surveyed  from  1879  to  3[89i,  and  published  from  1884  to  1897,  so 
far  as  regards  the  Alpine  regions. 
Tavolette  rilevate  per  la  construzione  deila  Carta  del  Regno  d'  Italia 

(surveyed  1880- 1884,  published  from  1882  to  1892).    174  sheets. 

Scale  5oJoo*    Accurate,  but  very  illegible. 

The  25M0  edition  (surveyed  1884-92)  is  much  clearer. 

C.  Switzerland.    Topographischer  Atlas  der  Schweiz  (commonly  known  as 

the  Siegfried  Map,  or  Atlas.  From  1870  onwards  (the  mountain  sheets 
relating  to  the  Western  Alps  are  now — 1898 — all  published).  589  sheets. 
Scale  50J00  f°r  t^ie  mountain  districts,  25^0  ^or  ^e  P^ams- 

This  is  the  publication,  after  careful  revision,  of  the  original  large-scale 
surveys  for  the  Dufour  Map.  It  is  undoubtedly  the  most  splendid 
and  accurate  representation  of  a  mountain  land  ever  yet  published, 
its  clearness  being  only  surpassed  by  its  excellence. 

2.  Special  Maps. 

In  a  few  cases  the  Government  Surveys  must  still  be  supplemented 
by  certain  special  maps,  which  deal  with  very  unknown  or  strangely 
neglected  districts,  and  are  meant  specially  for  the  use  of  moun- 
taineers. 

Cottian  Alps. 

(1)  Rochas  tfAigluny  A.  de.      Carte   Historique   des   Vallees  Vaudoises 

(scale  10o000),  in  5  colours,  issued  with  the  author's  book  on  the 
4  Vallees  Vaudoises  '  in  1881. 

(2)  Coolidge,  W.  A.  B.    Sketch  Maps  of  the  Ambin  and  Scolette  groups 

(i.e.  the  region  between  the  Tunnel  and  the  Mont  Cenis),  both  on  a 
scale  of  80q00,  and  given  with  the  author's  articles  on  these  two  groups 
in  vols.  iii.  and  iv.  (1897-8)  of  the  4  Revue  Alpine  '  of  Lyons. 

(3)  Duhamel,  H.    Maps  of  the  Pelvoux  Group  (4  sheets  ;  scale  ioo100j). 

Originally  issued  in  1889  in  connection  with  the  '  Guide  du  Haut 


xxxviii    PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


Dauphine,'  and  reissued  (after  careful  revision)  in  1892  with  the  new 
edition  of  that  work  in  the  '  Climbers'  Guides  '  series. 
Wonderfully  clear  and  accurate. 

(4)  Pilkington,  C.    Mountains  at  the  Head  of  the  Valgaudemar.    Issued  in 

1 880,  with  an  article  by  the  author,  in  vol.  x.  of  the  '  Alpine  Journal. 5 
The  only  accurate  representation  of  a  very  little  known  group. 

(5)  Alois  son,  P.    Sketch  Map  of  the  Chaillol  Group  (scale  40J00),  issued  with 

an  article  by  the  author  in  vol.  xiii.  (1887)  of  the  6  Annuaire  de  la 
Societe  des  Touristes  du  Dauphine. '  Grenoble. 

(6)  Coolidge,  W.  A.  B.,  and  Boiton,  J.     Sketch  Map  of  the  Cerces  Group 

between  the  Cols  du  Galibier  and  des  Rochilles,  issued  with  an  article 
by  Mr.  Coolidge  in  vol.  xvii.  (1891)  of  the  last-named  periodical. 

(7)  Fiorio,  C,  Ratti,  C,  and  Rey,  G.    Sketch  Map  of  the  Aiguilles  d'Arves 

Group  (scale  ^0^00),  issued  with  an  article  by  the  authors  in  the 
'  Bollettino  '  of  the  Italian  Alpine  Club  for  1889. 


Western  Graians. 

(8)  Paillon,  Maurice.    Massif  du  Mont  Pourri  (scale  50J00),  issued  with  the 

author's  article  on  the  Mont  Pourri  in  vol.  i.  (1895)  of  tne  *  Revue 
Alpine  '  of  Lyons. 

Eastern  Graians  (Cogne  District). 

(9)  Paganini,  Pio.    Gruppo  del  Gran  Paradiso  (scale  50^00),  issued  with  the 

author's  work  '  La  Fototopografia  in  Italia,'  Rome,  1889. 
Few  names  and  many  heights,  but  very  illegible. 

(10)  Yeld,  G.    Sketch  Map  of  the  Eastern  Graians  (scale  97^0)-  Originally 

issued  in  1886,  with  an  article  by  the  author  in  vol.  xii.  of  the  *  Alpine 
journal,'  and  reissued  (after  careful  revision)  in  1893  witn  another  article 
by  the  author  in  vol.  xvi.  of  the  same  periodical,  as  well  as  with  the 
author's  Guide  to  the  '  Mountains  of  Cogne,'  published  in  1893  in  the 
*  Climbers'  Guides  '  series. 

It  has  no  heights,  but  gives  the  names  now  commonly  recognised, 
and  has  some  topographical  corrections,  while  it  is  extremely  legible. 


Chain  of  Mont  Blanc. 

(11)  MM.   Imfeld  and  Kurds  *  La  Chaine  du  Mont-Blanc 5  (scale 

published  in  1 896.  This  is  one  of  the  finest  specimens  of  modern  carto  - 
graphy,  while  the  names  and  topography  are  based  on  the  latest 
information.  It  is  also  remarkable  as  being  the  only  map,  on  a  fairly 
large  scale,  which  represents  the  whole  chain  of  Mont  Blanc,  which 
politically  belongs  to  three  countries. 

(12)  The  MM.  Vallot  propose  to  issue  some  day  a  map  of  the  chain  of  Mont 

Blanc  in  12  sheets,  and  on  a  scale  of  20q00.  At  present  the  firstfruits 
of  this  great  undertaking  that  have  been  given  to  the  world  consist  in 


MAPS  RELATING  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS  xxxix 


Sketch  Maps  (scale  40J00)  °f tne  Aiguilles  Rouges  range,  published  in 
vol.  xix. — 1892 — of  the  'Annuaire'of  the  French  Alpine  Club,  and 
of  the  Great  Chamonix  Aiguilles,  in  vol.  xxi. — 1894 — of  the  same 
periodical. 

Central  and  Eastern  Pennines* 

{13)  The  Federal  Topographical  Bureau  issues  combined  maps,  formed  by 
lithographing  together  certain  mountain  sheets  of  its  maps,  so  as  to 
form  a  special  map  for  a  particular  district.  The  Swiss  portion 
of  the  Western  Alps  described  in  this  volume  is  included  in  three  of 
these  combination  maps — 

sl  St  Maurice  (Tocfeoo?  Dufour  Map),  taking  in  the  Champery, 
Salvan,  and  Finhaut  districts,  together  with  that  of  the 
Dent  de  Moreles,  beyond  the  Rh6ne. 

b.  Martigny — Grand  St.  Bernard — Combin  (50q00,  Siegfried  map), 

extending  from  the  Col  de  Balme  to  Arolla. 

c.  Evolena — Zermatt — -Monte  Rvsa  ^mno>  Siegfried  map),  in- 

cluding the  country  between  Arolla  and  the  Saas  valley. 
The  first  and  third  each  cost  2  fr.  unmounted  (3  fr.  30  c. 
mounted  to  fold),  and  the  other  2  fr.  unmounted  (5  fr. 
mounted  to  fold). 

(14)  The  combined  map  numbered  c  above  was  also  issued  with  vol.  xxvL 

( 1891)  of  its  1  Jahrbuch '  by  the  Swiss  Alpine  Club,  which  in  the  follow- 
ing year  put  forth  a  further  very  useful  combination,  showing  the 
whole  of  the  upper  end  of  the  Saas  valley. 

(15)  Martelli,  A.  E.    Map  of  the  southern  slope  of  the  chain  between  the 

St.  Theodule  Pass  and  the  Lyskamm  {scale  50^00),  issued  with  an 
article  by  the  author  in  the  *  Bollettino 3  of  the  Italian  Alpine  Club 
for  1 886. 

ili.  General  Maps. 

It  is  a  singular  fact,  the  reasons  for  which  are  not  altogether 
evident,  that  there  exists  at  present  no  one  map,  on  a  fairly  large 
scale,  of  the  whole  chain  of  the  Alps.  That  (sheet  52)  in  the  second 
edition  of  Andree's  4  Allgemeiner  Handatlas '  (Bielefeld  and 
Leipzig)  is  on  a  scale  of  ^o^Wr?  but  is  extremely  good  so  far  as  it 
goes.  The  '  Alpine  Club  Map' extends  in  its  first  edition  (1874-5, 
srAnrff)  4  sheets)  only  from  the  head  of  the  I  sere  valley  to  the 
Ortler  group,  while  in  its  second  edition  (1881,  t^j^  8  sheets)  it 
is  cut  short  at  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  The  six  new  district  maps  in 
the  present  volume  do  indeed  extend  its  scope  as  far  as  the  Col  de 
Tenda,  but  the  style  of  execution  is  different.  Herr  Ravenstein, 
of  Frankfurt  a/Main,  has  issued  eleven  very  clear  and  beautiful  sheets 
(scale  srggWo)?  which  extend  from  the  Little  St.  Bernard  to  Marburg, 
and  it  is  to  be  hoped  that  some  day  he  will  add  two  more,  so  as  to 
carry  on  his  most  useful  and  handy  map  to  the  Col  de  Tenda. 


xl        PRELIMINARY  NOTES  TO  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


At  present  the  first  six  District  maps  in  the  present  volume  are  the 
best  existing  handy  map  of  the  Alps  south  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard, 
and  for  the  Pennines  either  the  Alpine  Club  map  or  the  western  sheet 
of  Herr  Ravenstein's  '  Karte  der  Schweizer  Alpen  J  (1897).  The  large 
map  of  the  Western  Alps  in  the  present  volume  gives  only  a  general 
view  of  the  W estern  Alps,  while  each  of  the  Guide-books  mentioned  in 
one  of  the  preceding  Sections  has  maps  which  vary  much  in  point 
of  scale  and  usefulness. 


V.    CLUB  HUTS  IN  THE  WESTERN  ALPS. 

The  following  list  contains,  it  is  believed,  all  the  Club  huts  proper 
in  the  Western  Alps  which  are  now  actually  in  use,  thus  excluding 
abandoned  and  ruined  huts,  like  those  of  Alpetto,  Bonnepierre,  La 
Lavey,  Puiseux,  &c.  But  though  very  great  pains  have  been  taken 
to  procure  the  latest  information  regarding  each  hut  it  is  possible 
that  there  may  be  errors.  It  would  be  very  convenient  for  travellers 
if  each  Club  (like  the  Swiss  Club)  were  to  issue  annually  a  statement 
as  to  the  precise  condition  at  that  moment  of  each  of  its  Club  huts. 
In  this  list  each  hut  is  followed  by  the  number  of  the  page  of  the 
text  whereon  its  surroundings  are  more  or  less  minutely  described, 
and  in  some  cases  by  the  name  of  the  principal  peak  accessible 
from  it,  or  that  of  the  person  in  whose  honour  it  was  built.  Many 
huts,  especially  on  the  Italian  slope,  are  locked,  so  that  a  party  should 
procure  the  key  at  the  nearest  village  on  the  way  up.  The  huts 
marked  *  are  only  shelter  huts,  and  not  strictly  speaking  Club  huts. 


Maritime  Alps. 

Barma  cave  (Mont  Clapier),  pp.  8, 

13- 

Genova  (Argentera),  p.  11. 

(For  the    4  maisons    forestieres 1 
round  Alios  see  p.  24. ) 
Cottian  Alps. 

Quintino  Sella  (Viso),  pp.  6 1 -2. 

Rochebrune,  p.  85. 
Dauphine  Alps. 

Belledonne,  p.  136. 

Carrelet  (Ecrins),  p.  153. 

Cezanne,  p.  152. 

Chatelleret  (Meije),  p.  148. 


Dauphine  Alps  (continued) — 

Fare  (Grandes  Rousses),  p.  127. 

Lac  Noir,  p.  147. 

Lyon     Republicain  (Aiguilles 

d'Arves),  p.  121. 
Provence  or  A.  Lemercier  (Pel- 

voux),  p.  163. 
Selle,  p.  147. 
Tuckett,  p.  152. 
Graian  Alps. 

Budden  (Becca  di  Nona),  p.  302. , 
Crot  del  Ciaussine  (Gastaldi),  p. 

260. 

Defey  (on  Rutor),  p.  288. 


CLUB  HUTS  IN  THE  WESTERN  ALPS 


xli 


Graian  Alps  (continued)  — 
Gura,  p.  267. 
Levanna,  pp.  318-9. 
Nants  (Dome  de  Chasseforet),  p. 
242. 

Pera  Ciaval,  p.  257. 
Piantonetto,  p.  313. 
Prarion,  p.  276. 
Rutor  (near  lake),  p.  289. 
Sausse,  p.  235. 

Vanoise  (Grande  Casse),pp.  242-3. 
Vittorio  Emmanuele  II.  (Grand 
Paradis),  p.  320. 
Chain  of  Mont  Blanc. 

Barberine,  pp.  409,  418. 
*Beranger  (Pierre  a),  p.  344, 
Blanc  (Mont)  : 

Bosses  (Vallot),  p.  355. 
Dome,  p.  358. 

Gouter  (Aiguille  du),  p.  356. 

Midi,  p.  357. 

Quintino  Sella,  p.  358. 
♦Buet  (Pictet),  p.  406. 
Crammont  (Saussure),  pp.  375. 
Geant,  Col  du,  p.  365. 
Grandes  Jorasses,  p.  376. 
Orny,  p.  392. 
Saleinaz,  pp.  388,  393. 
Triolet,  p.  366. 


Central  Pennines. 

Bertol,  Col  de,  pp.  463-4. 
Chanrion,  p.  448. 
Fallere,     Mont    (Regina  Mar- 
gherita),  p.  434. 
*Grande  Penna  (Grand  Combin),. 
pp.  444-5. 
Matterhorn  : 

*Cravate,  p.  508. 
Lower  Swiss  hut,  pp.  501,  508. 
Luigi  di  Savoia  (or  Grande 
Tour),  p.  508. 
Mountet  (Constantia),  p.  481. 
Panossiere  (Grand  Combin),  p. 
445- 

Eastern  Pennines. 
Bo,  Monte,  p.  537. 
Castor  (Quintino  Sella),  p.  517. 
Dom  (Festi),  p.  509. 
Rosa,  Monte  : 

Betemps,  p.  504. 

Gnifetti,  pp.  504,  517. 

Marinelli,  p.  505. 

Regina  Margherita,  pp.  504, 
506. 

Tournalin,  Grand  (Carrel),  p.  513. 
Weissthor,  New  (Eugenio  Sella), 
p.  524. 


j 


CONTENTS. 


PAGE 

Preface    v 

Authorities  Quoted  •  x 

Abbreviations  and  Explanations   xi 

Preliminary  Notes  to  the  Western  Alps  : — 

I.    Books  relating  to  the  Western  Alps   xii 

II.    Guide-Books  relating  to  the  Western  Alps  .       .       .       .       .  xxix 

III.  Alpine  Periodicals   xxxii 

IV.  Maps  relating  to  the  Western  Alps   xxxv 

V.    Club  Huts  in  the  Western  Alps   xl 

List  of  Maps   li 


CHAPTER  I. 

MARITIME  ALPS. 

SECTION  i. 
ARGENTERA  DISTRICT. 


Rte.  A.    Turin  and  Cuneo  to  Nice  or  Ventimiglia  by  the  Col  de  Tenda. 

Pesio  Glen  .  5 

,,   B.    Cuneo  to  the  Baths  of  Valdieri.    Excursions  and  Ascents  from 

the  Baths   .  9 

, ,    C.    Valdieri  to  St.  Martin  Vesubie  and  Nice  by  the  Col  delle  Finestre. 

Excursions  and  Ascents  from  the  Madonna  delle  Finestre  and 

St.  Martin  V^subie  .12 

,,  D.  Baths  of  Valdieri  to  St.  Martin  V^subie  by  the  Col  de  la  Ciriegia  .  15 
, ,  E.  Baths  of  Valdieri  to  the  Tin£e  Valley  by  the  Bassa  di  Druos  .  .  16 
F.    Valdieri,  or  the  Baths  of  Valdieri,  to  the  Stura  Valley    ...  17 


SECTION  2. 

THE  SEAWARD  VALLEYS. 

Rte.  A.    Nice  to  Barcelonnette  by  the  Valley  of  the  Tin£e    .       .       .  .18 
,,    B.    Nice  to  Barcelonnette  by  the  Valley  of  the  Var      ....  21 
C.    Nice  to  Barcelonnette  by  the  Valley  of  the  Verdon  .       .       .  .24 


xliv 


CONTENTS 


CHAPTER  II. 
COTTIAN  ALPS.  L 
SECTION  3. 


CHAMBEYRON  DISTRICT. 

PAGE 

Rte.  A.    Cuneo  to  Barcelonnette  and  Embrun  by  the  Col  de  l'Argentiere    .  31 
„    B.    Barcelonnette  to  Guillestre  by  the  Valley  of  the  Ubaye.  Ascents 

from  Maljasset  .       .   35 

„    C.    Barcelonnette  to  Casteldelfino  by  the  Valley  of  the  Ubaye     .       .  43 

„   D.    Cuneo  to  Barcelonnette  by  the  Val  Maira   44 

, ,    E.    Cuneo  to  the  Stura  or  Maira  Valleys  by  the  Val  Grana  .       .  .47 

SECTION  4. 

VISO  DISTRICT. 

Rte.  A.    Saluzzo  to  Guillestre  by  the  Val  Varaita   49 

„    B.    Turin  or  Saluzzo  to  Guillestre  by  the  Valley  of  the  Po           .       .  53 

, ,   C.    Ascent  of  Monte  Viso   61 

D.    Crissolo  to  the  Val  Varaita  and  the  Val  Pellice      ....  64 

SECTION  5. 

WALDENSIAN  VALLEYS. 

Rte.  A.    Pinerolo  to  Abries  by  the  Val  Pellice   68 

M    B.    Pinerolo  to  C^sanne  by  the  Col  de  Sestrieres   71 

f  1    C.    Torre  Pellice  or  Bobbio  to  Perosa   74 

, ,   D.    Perosa  to  Abries  by  the  Germanasca  Valley   75 

, ,   E.    Perosa  to  C^sanne  by  the  Rodoretto  Valley   76 

, ,   F.    Perosa  to  Pragelas  or  F6nestrelles  by  the  Massello  V alley       .       .  77 

SECTION  6. 

GENEVRE  DISTRICT. 

Rte.  A.    Oulx  to  Briancon  by  the  Mont  Genevre   80 

B.    Abries  to  C^sanne   82 

, ,    C.    Abries  or  Chateau  Queyras  to  Briancon   83 

D.  Briancon  to  St.  Michel  by  the  Clair£e  Valley         ...       *  85 

E.  Briancon  to  Bardonneche  by  the  Col  des  Echelles.    Ascent  of  the 

MontThabor    ..........  87 

SECTION  7. 

AMBIN  DISTRICT. 

Rte.  A.    ChambeYy  to  Turin  by  the  Fr£jus  Tunnel   90 

B.  Modane  to  Turin  by  the  Mont  Cenis   94 

C.  Modane  to  Bardonneche.    Ascent  of  the  Aiguille  de  Scolette        .  97 

D.  Bramans  to  Bardonneche,  Exilles,  or  Susa  by  the  Ambin  Group   .  101 
„    E.    Bramans  or  the  Mont  Cenis  to  Susa  by  the  Col  de  Clapier. 

Ascents  of  the  Roche  and  the  Dents  d' Ambin  .       .       .       .  104 


CONTENTS 


xlv 


CHAPTER  III. 

DAUPHINE  ALPS. 
(COTTIAN  ALPS.  II.) 
SECTION  8. 


AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT. 

PAGE 

Rte.  A.    Grenoble  to  Briancon  by  the  Col  du  Lautaret       .       .       .  .112 
„    B.    St.  Michel  de  Maurienne  to  La  Grave.    Ascent  of  the  Aiguilles 

d'Arves  ,  118 

C.  La  Grave  to  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne   122 

D.  Bourg  d'Oisans  to  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne   123 

,,    E.    Bourg  d'Oisans  to  La  Chambre.    Ascent  of  the  Grandes  Rousses  .  124 

F.  Grenoble  or  Chamb£ry  to  Allevard.     Excursions  and  Passes  from 

Allevard  ,       ...  128 

G.  Allevard  to  Bourg  d'Oisans.    The  Sept  Laux       ....  130 

H.  Allevard  to  La  Chambre   132 

,  ,     I.    Grenoble  to  Uriage.    Ascent  of  Belledonne   134 


SECTION  9. 

PELVOUX  DISTRICT. 

Rte.  A.  Bourg  d'Oisans  to  La  B£rarde.    Valley  of  the  \T6n6on 

B.  Excursions  and  Ascents  from  La  BeYarde 

C.  V£n6on  Valley  to  La  Grave  and  the  Lautaret  Road 

D.  La  B^rarde  to  Vallouise  

E.  V£n£on  Valley  to  the  Valgaudemar 

F.  V£n£on  Valley  to  the  Valjouffrey  .... 

G.  Briancon  to  Vallouise.    Ascent  of  the  Mont  Pelvoux 

H.  Vallouise  to  La  Grave  

I.  Vallouise  to  Monetier  

K.  Vallouise  to  the  Valgaudemar  .... 

L.  Vallouise  to  Gap  or  Embrun  by  Champol^on  or  Orcieres 

M.  Valgaudemar  to  Champol^on  .... 

N.  Grenoble  to  Bourg  d'Oisans  by  La  Mure 

O.  La  Mure  to  the  Valgaudemar  by  the  Valjouffrey  and  Valsenestre 

P.  Corps  to  Grenoble  by  the  DeVoluy,  the  Vercors,  and  the  Royannai: 

The  French  Dolomites  

Q.  Briancon  to  Grenoble  by  Gap  


SECTION  10. 

GRANDE  CHARTREUSE  DISTRICT. 

Rte.  A.    Culoz  to  Chamb6ry  by  Aix  les  Bains.    Lake  of  Bourget       .  .  184 

B.    Grenoble  to  Chambery  by  the  Left  Bank  of  the  Isere     .       .  .  186 

„    C.    Grenoble  to  ChambeYy  by  the  Right  Bank  of  the  Isere  .       .  .  187 

M    D.    Grenoble  or  Chamb^ry  to  the  Grande  Chartreuse.         .       .  .  189 

,,    E.    ChambeYy  to  Lyons  or  Grenoble  by  Aiguebelette  and  Pont  de 

Beauvoisin  195 


xlvi 


CONTENTS 


CHAPTER  IV. 
LOWER  SAVOY. 
SECTION  ii. 

ANNECY  AND  ALBERTVILLE  DISTRICT. 

PAGE 

Rte.  A.    Aix  les  Bains  to  Le  CMtelard.    The  Bauges   199 

, ,    B.    Annecy  to  Le  Chatelard   201 

C.  Le  Chatelard  to  ChambeYy   202 

D.  Le  Chatelard  to  Albertville   204 

, ,    E.    Albertville  to  Annecy.    Lake  of  Annecy       .       .       .       .       .  205 

F.  Annecy  to  Bonneville   208 

G.  Annecy  to  Cluses  or  Sallanches   210 

H.  Annecy  or  Albertville  to  Sallanches  or  St.  Gervais.    Mont  Joly     .  211 
I.   Albertville  to  St.  Gervais  by  the  Valley  of  Beaufort       .       .       .  213 

K.   Albertville  to  Bourg  St.  Maurice  or  Contamines  by  Beaufort        .  215 

,,    L.    Beaufort  to  Moutiers  Tarentaise                                                .  217 


CHAPTER  V. 

GRAIAN  ALPS. 
SECTION  12. 

GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT  (WESTERN  GRAIANS). 

Rte.  A.    St.  Pierre  d'Albigny  to  Bourg  St.  Maurice.    The  Tarentaise  .       .  223 

B.  Bourg  St.  Maurice  to  Lanslebourg  by  the  Col  d'Iseran.  History 

of  the  Mont  Iseran  225 

C.  La  Chambre  to  Moutiers  by  the  Col  de  la  Madeleine     .       .       .  232 
,,   D.    St.  Jean  de  Maurienne  to  Moutiers  by  the  Col  de  la  Platiere  .       .  233 

E.    St.  Michel  de  Maurienne  to  Moutiers  by  the  Col  des  Encombres   .  234 
,,    F.    St.  Michel  or  Modane  to  Moutiers  or  Pralognan  by  the  P£clet 

Group  ^  235 

G.  Modane  to  Pralognan  by  the  Cols  de  Chaviere  and  d'Aussois        .  237 

H.  Moutiers  Tarentaise  to  Pralognan.    Excursions  and  Ascents  from 

Pralognan.    Ascent  of  the  Grande  Casse  .       .       .       .       .  239 

;,     I.    Pralognan  to  Termignon  by  the  Col  de  la  Vanoise  ....  243 

K.    Entre  Deux  Eaux  to  Tignes,  Val  d'Isere,  Bessans,  or  Bonne val     .  245 
,,    L.    Tignes  to  Moutiers  or  Bourg  St.  Maurice  by  the  Col  du  Palet. 

Ascent  of  the  Mont  Pourri   246 

.  SECTION  13. 

LEV  ANNA  DISTRICT  (CENTRAL  GRAIANS.  I.) 

Rte.  A.  Bessans  to  the  Viu  Valley  or  the  Mont  Cenis  by  the  Ribon  Glen. 

Ascent  of  the  Rochemelon   251 

, ,    B.  Bessans  to  Usseglio  and  Lanzo  by  the  Col  de  1' Autaret  .       .       .  254 

,,    C.  Viu  Valley  to  the  Dora  Riparia  Valley   256 

D.  Ala  Valley  to  the  Viu  Valley  and  the  Val  Grande  ....  257 

E.  Bessans  to  Balme  and  Lanzo  by  the  Cols  d'Arnas  and  du  Collerin  259 

F.  Excursions  and  Ascents  from  Bessans  and  Bonneval      .       .       .  263 


CONTENTS 


xlvii 


PAGE 

Rte.  G.    Bonneval  to  Forno-Alpi-Graie  and  Lanzo  by  the  Cols  de  Sea  and 

de  Girard  ...........  266 

„    H.    Val  Grande  to  the  Oreo  Valley  268 

I.    Bonneval  to  Ceresole  by  the  Col  du  Carro  269 

K.    Bonneval  to  Val  d'Isere  by  the  Col  du  Bouquetin  ....  276 


SECTION  14. 

SASSIERE  DISTRICT  (CENTRAL  GRAIANS.  II.) 

Rte.  A.  Excursions  and  Ascents  from  Val  d'Isere 

B.  Val  d'Isere  to  Ceresole  by  the  Col  de  la  Galise 

C.  Val  d'Isere  to  Villeneuve  by  the  Val  de  Rhemes 

D.  Val  de  Rhemes  to  Val  Grisanche  . 

E.  Isere  Valley  to  Liverogne  by  the  Val  Grisanche 

F.  Ste.  Foy  or  Val  Grisanche  to  La  Thuille.    Rutor  Group 

G.  Bourg  St.  Maurice  to  Aosta  by  the  Little  St.  Bernard 


273 
276 
278 
282 
283 
286 
292 


SECTION  15. 

GRAND  PARADIS  DISTRICT  (EASTERN  GRAIANS). 


Rte.  A.  Turin  to  Aosta  by  Ivrea  

„    B.  Aosta  to  Cogne  

C.  Excursions  and  Ascents  from  Cogne.    Ascent  of  the  Grivola 

, ,    D.  Cogne  to  Bard  by  the  Fenetre  de  Champorcher 

, ,    E.  Cogne  to  Pont  Canavese  by  the  Val  Soana  . 

F.  Cogne  to  Locana  by  the  Val  Piantonetto 

, ,    G.  Cogne  to  Ceresole  by  the  Col  de  Grandcroux  . 

H.  Cogne  to  the  Val  Savaranche  ...... 

I.  Aosta  to  Turin  by  the  Col  de  Ni volet  .... 

K.  Ascents  and  Passes  from  the  Victor  Emmanuel  Club  hut.  Ascent 

of  the  Grand  Paradis  


297 
300 
304 
309 
310 

3ii 
314 

315 
316 

320 


CHAPTER  VI. 


PENNINE  ALPS. 


SECTION  16. 


MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT. 

Rte.  A.    Geneva  to  Chamonix.    Excursions  from  Chamonix       .       .       .  330 

B.    The  Ascent  of  Mont  Blanc  *       .  348 

,  i    C.    The  Chamonix  Aiguilles   359 

f  1    D.    Chamonix  to  Courmayeur  by  the  Col  du  G£ant  and  other  Passes 

from  the  Montenvers   363 

, ,    E.    Chamonix  to  Courmayeur  by  the  Col  du  Bonhomme.  Excursions 

from  Courmayeur  #  ^67 

t,    F.    Contamines  to  Courmayeur  by  the  Trelatete  Glacier      .       .       .  377 

G.  Chamonix  to  Courmayeur  by  the  Miage  Glacier    ....  378 

H.  Chamonix  to  Martigny   380 

„     I.    Chamonix  or  Martigny  to  Orsieres  by  Champex    ....  384 

K.    Orsieres  to  Courmayeur  by  the  Col  Ferret   385 

, ,    L.    Chamonix  to  Orsieres  by  the  Argentiere  Glacier  .       .       .  387 

M.    Chamonix  to  Orsieres  by  the  Tour  Glacier    .  ...  391 


xlviii 


CONTENTS 


SECTION  17. 

SIXT  AND  CHAMP^RY  DISTRICT. 

FAGK 

Rte.  A.    Geneva  to  Sixt  by  Taninges  or  Samoens        .....  395 

,,    B.    Cluses,  Sallanches,  or  Servoz  to  Sixt   397 

C.  Sixt  and  its  Neighbourhood   400 

D.  Sixt  to  Chamonix  by  the  Col  d'Anterne   403 

,,    E.    Sixt  to  Argentiere  or  Chamonix  by  the  Buet  and  the  Aiguilles 

Rouges   4o5 

•        F.    Sixt  to  Salvan  and  Martigny   ........  408 

G.  Sixt  or  Samoens  to  Champ£ry   4U 

H.  Monthey  to  ChampeYy.    Ascent  of  the  Dent  du  Midi     .       .  .413 
I.    Champery  to  Martigny  or  Chamonix   ^5 

K.    Geneva  to  St.  Maurice  by  Thonon   418 

,,    L.    Thonon  to  Bonneville  or  Taninges   421 

,,   M.    Thonon  to  Taninges  or  Samoens   .   423 

N.    Thonon  to  Monthey  by  Morgins  or  Champ£ry       ....  424 


SECTION  18. 

GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT. 

Rte.  A.    Martigny  to  Aosta  by  the  Great  St.  Bernard   428 

, ,    B.    Great  St.  Bernard  Hospice  to  Courmayeur   433 

,,    C.    Bourg  St.  Pierre  to  Courmayeur   435 

D.    Bourg  St.  Pierre  to  Aosta  by  the  Col  de  Valsorey.    Ascent  of  the 

Mont  Velan   436 

, ,   E.    Martigny  to  Aosta  by  the  Val  de  Bagnes  and  the  Col  de  Fenetre    .  439 

F.  Fionnay  to  Bourg  St.  Pierre  by  the  Col  des  Maisons  Blanches. 

Ascent  of  the  Grand  Combin    .   443 

G.  Bourg  St.  Pierre  to  Chanrion  by  the  Col  du  Sonadon     .       .       .  447 

H.  Chanrion  to  the  Valpelline.    Ascents  from  Chanrion     .       .       .  448 
I.    Chanrion  to  Arolla  by  the  Otemma  or  Breney  Glaciers   .       .  .451 

,,  K.    Mauvoisin  or  Chanrion  to  Arolla  or  Her£mence  by  the  Cols  du 

Mont  Rouge  and  de  Seilon   454 

L.    Sion  to  the  Val  de  Bagnes  or  Arolla  by  the  Val  d'H£remence        .  455 


SECTION  19. 

EVOLENA,  ZINAL,  AND  VALPELLINE  DISTRICT. 


Rte.  A.    Sion  to  Evolena  by  the  Val  d'Herens.    Excursions  from  Evolena  ,  459 

■       B.    Evolena  to  Arolla.    Excursions  and  Ascents  from  Arolla      .       .  459 

"    C.    Arolla  to  Zermatt   463 

\\   D.    Arolla  to  the  Valpelline  by  the  Col  de  Collon   464 

\  '   E.    Aosta  to  Zermatt  by  the  Col  de  Valpelline.    Ascent  of  the  Dent 

d'Herens   465 

F.    Praraye"  to  the  Val  Tournanche  by  the  Col  de  Valcournera     .       .  470 
\\  G.    Through  the  Val  St.  Barthelemy  to  the  Valpelline  or  the  Val 

Tournanche   473 

H.  Evolena  to  Zermatt  by  the  Col  d'Herens.    Ascent  of  the  Dent 

Blanche   476 

I.  Sierre  to  Zermatt  by  the  Val  d'Anniviers.    Ascents  from  Zinal        .  479 

K.    Evolena  to  the  Val  d'Anniviers   485 

L.    Val  d'Annivers  to  Gruben       .       .       ,       .  .       .       .  487 

\  \  M.    Gruben  to  St.  Niklaus  and  Randa  .......  489 


CONTENTS 


SECTION  20. 


MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT. 

Rte.  A.  Visp  to  Zermatt.    Excursions  and  Ascents  from  Zermatt 

B.  Zermatt  to  Chatillon  by  the  St.  Th£odule  Pass.    Ascents  from 

Breuil  

, ,    C.  Zermatt  to  Verres  by  the  Schwarzthor  and  the  Val  d' Ayas 

,,   D.  Zermatt  to  Pont  St.  Martin  by  the  Lysjoch  and  the  Val  de  Lys 

E.  Zermatt  to  Varallo  by  the  Sesiajoch  and  the  Val  Sesia  . 

, ,   F.  Zermatt  to  Domodossola  by  the  Weissthor  and  the  Val  Anzasca 

, ,   G.  Tour  of  Monte  Rosa  by  the  High  Glacier  Passes  . 

,,   H.  Val  Tournanche  to  Macugnaga  by  the  Middle  Passes 

,,     I.  Aosta  to  the  Val  Anzasca  by  the  Lower  Passes 

, ,   K.  Ivrea  to  Orta  by  Biella  .... 

, ,    L.  Orta  to  Ponte  Grande  by  the  Val  Mastallone 

, ,  M.  Orta  to  Ponte  Grande  by  the  Val  Strona 

, ,    N.  Visp  to  Macugnaga  by  the  Monte  Moro  . 

O.  Saas  to  Zermatt  ..... 

P.  Saas  to  St.  Niklaus  .... 


PA&E 

494 

514 
5i6 

Si9 
522 

527 
528 
53i 
535 
537 
539 
539 
542 
54^ 


SECTION  21. 

SIMPLON  DISTRICT. 

Rte.  A,  Geneva  to  Milan  by  the  Simplon  Pass  . 

B.  Simplon  to  Saas  by  the  Fletschhorn  Group  . 

,,    C.  Saas  to  Simplon  or  Domodossola  by  the  Zwischbi 

D,  Simplon  to  Domodossola  by  the  Val  Bognanco 

E.  Saas  to  Domodossola  by  the  Val  Antrona 


gen  Pass 


548 

563 

566 

567 
568 


Index . 


573 


I. 


c 


LIST  OF  MAPS. 

General  Map  of  the  Western  Alps    [to  be  placed  at  the  beginning  of  the  book] 

i.  The  Maritime  Alps        .   To  face  p.  i 

-  2.  The  Cottian  Alps,    (i.  )  Monte  Viso  and  its  Neighbours  27 

,  3.  The  Cottian  Alps,  (ii.)    The  Waldensian  Valleys  and 

the  Ambin  Group  .    ,,67 

4.  The  Cottian  Alps,    (iii.)  The  Central  Dauphine  Alps  .  ,.  107 

5.  The  Graian  Alps.    (i. )  The  Tarentaise  Alps  (Western 

Graians)  .    ,,  219 

v  6.  The    Graian  Alps.     (ii.)  The    Levanna    and  Grand 

Paradis  Districts     .   ,  273 

lJ  7.  Mont  Blanc  and  its  Neighbours  (W.  Pen  nines)        .    .  ,.,  325 

i  8.  The  Central  Pennines   M  427 

v  9.  The  Eastern  Pennines   ,,493; 


THE  WESTERN  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  I. 


MARITIME  ALPS. 


Section  i. 


Argentera  District. 


Route. 

A.  Turin  and  Cuneo  to  Nice  or  Venti-* 

miglia  by  the  Col  de  Tenda. 
Pesio  Glen. 

B.  Cuneo  to  the  Baths  of  Valdieri.  Ex- 

cursions and  Ascents  from  the 
Baths. 

C.  Valdieri  to  St.  Martin  Ve^subie,  and 

Nice  by  the  Col  delle  Finestre. 
Excursions  and  Ascents  from  the 
Madonna  delle  Finestre  and  St. 
Martin  V£subie. 

D.  Baths  of  Valdieri  to  St.  Martin 

V£subie  by  the  Col  de  la  Ciriegia. 


Route. 

E,  Baths  of  Valdieri  to  the  Tinee  Valley 

by  the  Bassa  di  Druos. 

F.  Valdieri  or  the  Baths  of  Valdieri,  to 

the  Stura,  Valley. 


Section  2. 
The  Seaward  Valleys.. 

Route. 

A.  Nice  to  Barcelonnette  by  the  Valley 

of  the  Tin£e. 

B.  Nice  to  Barcelonnette  by  the  Valley 

of  the  Var. 

C.  Nice  to  Barcelonnette  by  the  Valley 

of  the  Verdon. 


If  the  reader  will  cast  his  eyes  upon 
a  detailed  map  of  the  region  where 
the  great  chain  of  the  Alps  approaches 
the  shores  of  the  Mediterranean,  he 
will  observe  that  from  a  point  about 
15  miles  S.  of  Monte  Viso  a  number 
of  valleys  diverge  in  many  directions 
like  the  spokes  of  a  wheel.  These 
correspond  to  as  many  mountain 
ridges,  v/hich  all  radiate  from  the 
Rocher  des  Trois  Eveques  (2,862  m., 
9,390  ft.),  just  S.  of  the  Mont  En- 
chastraye  (2,955  m->  9)^95  ft-)>  tne 
latter  being  the  first  point  of  importance 
S.  of  the  Col  de  1'Argentiere,  the  N. 
limit  of  the  Maritime  Alps.  On  the  W. 
and  N.W.  sides  of  the  Trois  Eveques 
there  are  merely  short  outlying  ridges, 
between  which  several  mountain  tor- 
rents run  down  to  the  Ubaye,  one  of 
the  chief  affluents  of  the  Durance. 
I. 


To  the  S.E.  and  S.W.  much  more 
considerable  ridges  extend  towards 
the  Mediterranean. 

Of  these  the  more  important  is 
that  running  at  first  S.E.,  then 
nearly  due  E.,  and  separating  the 
Stura  and  Tinee  valleys,  for  on  or 
near  it  rise  all  the  higher  peaks  of  the 
Maritime  Alps,  their  monarch  itself, 
the  Punta  dell'  Argentera  (3,317  m., 
10,883  ft-))  crowning  a  N.  spur. 
This  great  ridge  is  characterised  by 
an  axis  of  crystalline  rocks,  which 
are  developed  on  a  large  scale.  This 
circumstance,  along  with  the  height 
of  the  peaks  rising  on  it,  and  the 
extent  of  perpetual  snow,  has  obtained 
for  it  the  distinction  of  being  con- 
sidered the  true  prolongation  of  the 
main  chain  of  the  Alps.  Extending 
in  a  direction  nearly  parallel  to  the 


2 


MARITIME  ALPS 


shores  of  the  Mediterranean,  it  is 
ultimately  linked  to  the  Appennines, 
which,  under  one  or  another  de- 
nomination, reach  to  the  furthest 
extremity  of  the  Italian  peninsula. 

The  ridge  extending  S.W.  from 
the  Trois  Eveques  at  first  separates 
the  head  waters  of  some  of  the  main 
affluents  of  the  Ubaye  and  the  Tinee 
rivers.  But  soon,  at  the  Tete  de 
Sdnguiniere  (2,792  m.,  9,160  ft.), 
a  short  distance  N.  of  its  culminating 
point,  the  Pointe  Cote  de  PAne 
(2,931  m.,  9,617  ft.),  it  is  split  into 
two  important  ranges.  One  runs  S.  E. , 
and  divides  the  Tinee  valley  on  theE. 
from  the  Var  valley  on  the  W.5  but 
at  the  belvedere  of  the  Mont  Monnier 
(2,818  in.,  9,246  ft.)  breaks  up  into 
several  minor  ridges  ;  the  other  main 
ridge  sinks  to  form  the  broad  opening 
of  the  Col  de  la  Cayolle,  the  main 
route  from  the  V ar  valley  to  that  of  the 
Ubaye,  and  then,  after  rising  in  the 
Mont  Pelat  (3,053  m.,  10,017  ft-)> 
runs  nearly  due  S.  between  the  val- 
leys of  the  Var  and  of  the  Verdon. 
It  will  be  observed  that  both  these 
last-named  streams  are  turned  from 
their  southward  course  by  the  low 
ranges  of  limestone  hills  which  run  from 
W.  to  E.  across  the  French  Depart- 
ment of  the  Var  :  the  Verdon  is 
diverted  to  the  W.  at  Castellane,  and 
joins  the  Durance,  while  the  Var, 
near  Entrevaux,  makes  a  wide  bend 
to  the  E.,  till  it  unites,  first  with  the 
Tinee,  and  then  with  the  Vesubie, 
before  entering  the  Mediterranean 
not  far  from  Nice. 

It  is  not  easy  to  determine  where 
the  limit  between  the  Maritime  Alps 
and  the  Ligurian  Appennines  should 
be  fixed.  That  great  master  of 
practical  geography,  Napoleon,  placed 
the  boundary  at  the  Colle  dJ  Altare, 
or  di  Cadibona  (470  m.,  1,624  ft.), 
under  which  now  passes  the  railway 
line  from  Turin  and  Alessandria  to 
Savona,  and  this  opinion  was  endorsed 
by  the  Italian  Geographical  Congress 
in  1892,  on  the  ground  that  this  pass 
is  the  best  defined  depression  in  the 
mountain   ranges   round    the  Gulf 


of  Genoa.  This  division  is  now 
generally  recognised  in  Italy,  and 
there  are  also  geological  reasons 
which  favour  it,  as  it  corresponds 
to  the  limit  between  the  Miocene  and 
Triassic,  or  somewhat  later,  rocks. 
But  in  this  work  it  has  been  thought 
better  to  regard  the  wants  of  the  class 
of  travellers  for  whom  it  is  intended, 
rather  than  any  scientific  definition. 
Accordingly,  that  portion  of  the 
mountain  chain  only  is  included 
which,  in  common  parlance,  may  be 
called  Alpine  in  character — namely, 
that  where  the  height  of  the  mountains 
is  sufficient  to  maintain  considerable 
masses  of  perpetual  snow.  The  limit 
to  which  this  division  applies  is  exactly 
fixed  by  the  Col  de  Tenda,  traversed 
by  the  direct  route  from  Turin  to  Nice. 
E.  of  that  pass  the  mountains  (of  which 
the  highest  is  the  wild  and  savage 
Cima  Margnareis,  2,649  m-  >  8,691  ft. ) 
are  soon  quite  Appennine  in  character, 
being  covered  with  vegetation  to  their 
summits  ;  while  in  the  opposite 
direction  we  at  once  find  that  com- 
bination of  rock,  and  snow  or  ice, 
which  we  are  used  to  associate  with 
the  idea  of  Alpine  scenery.  Some 
geographers  place  the  N.  limit  of  the 
Maritime  Alps  at  the  Col  de  Longet, 
which  connects  the  Varaita  and 
Ubaye  valleys.  But  this  pass,  though 
well  defined,  seems  unsuited  to  form 
the  limit  between  two  of  the  great 
divisions  of  the  Alps,  for,  if  adopted, 
the  lofty  ranges  on  the  left  side  of 
the  upper  Ubaye  valley  would  be 
reckoned  with  the  Maritime  Alps, 
while  those  on  the  right  side  would 
belong  to  the  Cottian  Alps,  a  very 
inconvenient  arrangement  from  a 
practical  point  of  view.  In  every  re- 
spect a  better  limit  is  the  well-marked 
Col  de  l'Argentiere,  one  of  the  great 
historical  passes  of  the  Alps,  which 
connects  the  Stura  and  lower  Ubaye 
valleys,  and  consequently  it  is  adopted 
in  the  following  pages.  The  W. 
limit  of  the  Maritime  Alps  is  naturally 
formed  by  the  upper  valley  of  the 
Verdon,  whence  the  main  route  between 
Digne  (14  miles  by  rail  from  St.  Auban, 


INTRODUCTION 


3 


on  the  main  line  from  Grenoble  to 
Marseilles)  and  Puget  Theniers  (37 
miles  by  rail  from  Nice)  may  be  gained 
either  at  St.  Andre  de  Meouilles  (27 
miles  by  narrow-gauge  railway  from 
Digne),  or  close  to  Annot,  further  E. 
Digne,  the  capital  of  the  Department 
of  the  Basses  Alpes,  is  56  miles  by  rail 
and  high  road  from  Puget  Theniers. 

Section  1  of  this  Chapter  describes 
the  main  S.E.  ridge  mentioned  above, 
with  its  various  spurs,  &c — that  is, 
the  Italian  bit  of  the  Maritime  Alps, 
together  with  the  French  valley  of  the 
Vesubie,  which  naturally  belongs  to 
this  part  of  the  range.  It  may  appro- 
priately bear  the  name  of  the  Argentera 
District^  as  it  includes  the  monarch 
of  the  chain,  as  well  as  almost  all  its 
highest  peaks.  Section  2  takes  in 
the  three  valleys  of  the  Tinee,  the 
Var,  and  the  Verdon,  which  all  run 
towards  the  Mediterranean,  so  that 
this  Section  may,  in  default  of  a  better 
general  name,  be  termed  the  Seaward 
Valleys. 

In  i860,  when  the  county  of  Nice 
was  ceded  to  France,  the  Emperor 
Napoleon  III.  allowed  Victor  Em- 
manuel II.,  who  already  possessed  all 
the  hunting  rights  on  the  N.  side  of 
the  chain,  to  retain  the  upper  bits  of 
the  Ciastiglione,  Mollieres,  Boreon, 
Finestre,  and  Gordolasca  glens,  so  as 
to  secure  on  its  S.  side  also  the  free 
exercise  of  those  hunting  rights.  The 
result  is  that  the  frontier  is  now  most 
irregular  and  intricate.  Of  recent 
years  many  fortifications  have  been 
erected  at  various  points,  while  the 
valleys  and  passes  are  guarded  by 
French  or  Italian  troops.  Travellers 
are  therefore  regarded  on  both  sides 
of  the  frontier  with  the  greatest  sus- 
picion, and  certain  passes  and  summits 
are  absolutely  closed  to  them.  A 
passport,  vised  by  the  French  and 
Italian  ambassadors  in  London,  is 
absolutely  necessary,  while,  of  course, 
sketching,  photographing,  taking 
notes,  or  mapping,  as  well  as  any 
conversation  with  natives  on  military 
matters,  should  be  most  carefully 
avoided,  under  pain  of  disagreeable 


consequences.  Even  visitors  to  the 
two  chief  resorts  of  travellers  in  the 
Maritime  Alps,  the  Baths  of  Valdieri 
and  St.  Martin  Vesubie,  would  do 
well  to  bear  these  warnings  in  mind. 
It  is  to  be  hoped  that  before  long  the 
Governments  of  the  two  countries 
will  relax  their  needless  and  irritating 
vigilance  in  the  case  of  travellers  who 
simply  seek  to  explore  and  admire 
I  the  beauties  of  a  very  interesting  part 
I  of  the  Alps. 

But,    apart   from   these  political 
I  obstacles,   there  is  another   in  the 
way  of  mountaineers  who  meditate 
a  visit  to  the  Maritime  Alps — the 
want  of  a  good  guide  book  to  the 
I  chain.      The   first   volume  (Turin, 
I  1889)  of  Signori  Martelli  and  Vac- 
carone's  excellent  '  Guida  delle  Alpi 
Occidentali  '  is,  indeed,  very  satisfac- 
tory for  the  main  chain  and  its  N.  spurs  ; 
I  but  for  the  French  side,  and  for  the 
three  seaward  valleys,  there  exists 
only  a  vast  amount  (unsorted,  save 
by  means  of  a  good  index )  of  valuable 
rough  material  in  the  17  volumes  of 
the  '  Bulletin  '  (from  1880  onwards)  of 
the  Maritime  Alps  Section  of  the 
French  Alpine  Club.  Hence  a  would- 
!  be  explorer  of  this  part  of  the  Alps  is 
I  forced  to  study  for  himself  the  notes 
and  articles  describing  the  three  chief 
'  early  journeys  made  in  the  Maritime 
I  Alps — viz.    those    by  Mr.  Coolidge 
j  ('  Alpine  Journal,'  vol.  ix.  ),  by  Signor 
I  Ghigliottf  (<  Bollettino  '  of  the  Italian 
j  Alpine  Club  for  1883),  and  by  Herr 
j  Purtscheller  {ibid,  for  1892,  also  in 
German  in  the  '  Zeitschrift  '  of  the 
German  and  Austrian  Alpine  Club 
for  1893).    Detailed  articles  on  the 
general  characteristics  of  the  range 
were  published  by  Signor  F.  Mader 
and  A.  Viglino  in  the  4  Bollettino  '  for 
1895-6,  and  1897. 

Even  now  it  is  not  very  well  known 
that,  in  the  close  neighbourhood  of  a 
place  so  frequented  by  strangers  as 
Nice,  and  easily  reached  on  its  N. 
side  by  railway  from  Turin  via  Cuneo 
and  Limone,  there  is  an  Alpine  range, 
not  indeed  rivalling  in  grandeur  the 
great  snow -clad  peaks  of  the  more 

B  2 


MARITIME  ALPS.    §  I.  ARGENTERA  DISTRICT 


northerly  portion  of  the  Alps,  yet  full 
of  wild  and  varied  scenery.  Its  valleys 
too  possess  the  great  advantage  of 
being  accessible  some  weeks  earlier 
in  summer,  and  at  least  a  month  later 
in  autumn,  than  those  districts  which 
are  not,  as  this  is,  directly  within  the 
influence  of  the  Mediterranean 
climate  ;  but  experience  has  shown 
that  the  winter  snow  remains  on  its 
higher  peaks  quite  as  late  as  in  other 
portions  of  the  Alps.  All  the  sheets 
of  the  French  and  T57^,  and  of 
the  Italian  ^-Joo  an^  25000  Government 
surveys  for  this  district  have  now  been 
issued. 


SECTION  1. 

ARGENTERA  DISTRICT. 

The  town  of  Cuneo  (or  Coni)  stands 
at  the  S.  W.  corner  of  the  great  plain 
extending  through  Piedmont,  Lom- 
bardy,  and  Venetia,  from  the  foot  of 
the  Cottian  and  Graian  Alps  to  the 
shores  of  the  Adriatic,  and  is  situated 
on  a  high  terrace  at  the  confluence  of 
the  rivers  Stura  and  Gesso.  The 
Stura  descends  E.  from  the  Col  de 
FArgentiere,  and  drains  the  N.E. 
slope  of  the  Maritime  Alps ;  the 
Gesso,  with  its  affluent  the  Verme- 
nagiia,  carries  down  the  waters  from 
the  N.  side  of  the  chain  rising  S.  and 
S.W.  of  Cuneo.  Corresponding  to 
the  Gesso  and  the  Vermenagna  on 
the  N.  side  of  the  chain  are  the 
Vesubie  and  the  Roja  streams  on  its 
S.  side  ;  but  these  do  not  unite  then- 
waters,  for  the  Roja,  after  a  short 
course  of  about  35  miles,  falls  into 
the  Mediterranean  at  Ventimiglia, 
while  the  Vesubie,  bending  to  the  W. , 
joins  the  Var  under  Levens,  some 
distance  N.  of  Nice. 

As  pointed  out  in  the  Introduction  to 
this  Chapter,  this  Section  describes  the 
main  range  of  the  Maritime  Alps,  which 
runsS.E.,  then  E.,  from  the  Rocher 


des  Trois  Eveques.  This  portion  of  the 
Alpine  chain  is  traversed  by  a  single 
carriage  road  (soon  to  be  replaced  by 
a  railway),  that  across  the  Col  de 
Tmda.  The  only  other  pass  that  is 
at  all  frequented  is  that  of  the  Col 
delle  Finestre  (traversed  by  a  bad  mule 
track),  about  13  miles  W.  of  the  Col 
de  Tenda,  but  there  are  many  other 
passes  which  offer  no  difficulty  to 
mountaineers.  The  principal  sum- 
mits of  this  portion  of  the  Maritime 
Alps  are  (reckoning  from  the  N.W., 
the  Clai  Super  ieur  (2,990  m., 
9,810  ft.),  the  highest  wholly  within 
the  borders  of  the  French  Department 
of  the  Alpes  Maritimes,  the  Mont 
Tinibras  (3,032  m.,  9,948  ft.),  the 
Monte  Matto  (3,087  m.,  10,128  ft.), 
the  Punt  a  delP  Argent  era  (3,317  m., 
10,883  ft.),  the  culminating  point  of 
the  entire  range  of  the  Maritime 
Alps,  the  Cima  dei  Gelas  (3,135  m., 
10,286  ft.),  and  the  Mont  Clapier 
(3,046  m.,  9,994  ft.)  The  Cima 
Mercantour,  to  which  the  height  of 
3,167  m.  (10,391  ft. )  was  attributed 
on  the  old  Sardinian  map,  has  been 
reduced  by  the  most  recent  observa- 
tions to  only  2,775  m-  (9>io5  ft.) 

Excellent  headquarters  are  found 
at  the  Baths  of  Valdieri,  and  Limone, 
on  the  N.  side  of  the  chain,  and  at 
St.  Martin  Vesubie,  the  Madonna 
delle  Finestre,  and  San  Dalmazzo  di 
Tenda,  on  its  S.  slope.  St.  Etienne 
de  Tinee,  at  the  head  of  the  Tinee 
I  valley,  is  the  most  convenient  start - 
I  ing  point  for  the  Tinibras  and  its 
I  neighbours.  There  is  now  a  Club  hut 
at  the  S.E.  foot  of  the  Argentera,  as 
well  as  a  cave  hollowed  out  in  the 
rock,  which  serves  as  a  Club  hut 
(now  in  very  bad  condition),  in  the 
Gordolasca  glen,  between  the  Tenda 
high  road  and  St.  Martin  Vesubie. 

Apart  from  the  advantage  of  being 
accessible  at  seasons  when  travellers 
are  for  the  most  part  shut  out  by 
climate  from  many  other  portions  of 
the  Alps,  this  region  offers  special 
attractions  to  the  naturalist.  Within 
a  narrow  range  may  be  found  a  con- 
siderable number  of  very  rare  plants, 


ROUTE  A.    TURIN  AND  CUNEO  TO  NICE 


5 


several  of  which  are  not  known  to 
exist  elsewhere.  The  geology  also  is 
interesting,  and  would  probably  repay 
further  examination.  A  crystalline 
axis  is  flanked  on  both  sides  by 
highly-inclined  and  much -altered 
sedimentary  rocks,  which  probably 
include  the  entire  series  from  the 
Carboniferous  to  the  Cretaceous  rocks, 
in  some  parts  overlain  by  Eocene 
deposits. 


Route  A. 


TURIN  AND  CUNEO  TO  NICE  OR 
VENTIMIGLIA  BY  THE  COL  DE 
TENDA.     PESIO  GLEN. 


M. 

Borgo  San  Dalmazzo 

8  (fromCuneo) 

Limone  . 

20 

Tenda 

33? 

San    Dalmazzo  di 

Tenda  . 

36 

Giandola  . 

46 

Sospel 

58^ 

L'Escarene 

74 

Nice 

84 

Railway  from  Turin 

to  Cuneo  (55  m. , 

^4 — 3      111s.  1     cii.ua     _L/iiiitjj.ic  in., 

ih  hr.  more).  Carriage  road  thenee 
to  Nice,  64  m.  :  diligences  in  c. 
20  hrs.  from  Cuneo  to  Nice,  or  vice 
versa,  starting  from  Cuneo  daily  at 
9.30  a.m.,  and  from  Nice  daily  at 
8.30  p.m.  From  Tenda  (13^  m. 
from  Limone)  a  mail  cart  runs  twice 
daily  in  about  6  hrs.  by  the  Roja 
valley  to  Ventimiglia  (27  m.  from 
Tenda,  and  22  m.  by  rail  from 
Nice). 

The  railway  from  Turin  runs 
nearly  due  S.  along  the  almost  level 
plain,  skirting  the  base  of  the  Cottian 
Alps,  and  frequently  commanding 
fine  views  of  the  lofty  range  crowned 
by  the  peak  of  the  Monte  Viso,  till  it 
reaches  the  little  town  of 

Cuneo  (French,  Coni).  This  lies 
nearly  at  the  head  of  a  narrow  inlet  from 


the  great  plain  of  the  main  valley  of  the 
Po,  which  is  enclosed  on  the  S.  and  W. 
by  the  outlying  ridges  of  the  Maritime 
and  Cottian  Alps.  It  is  the  meeting 
place  of  roads  from  the  Val  Maira, 
from  the  Val  Grana,  from  the  Col  de 
l'Argentiere  through  the  Stura  valley, 
and  from  Valdieri  by  the  Gesso 
valley,  besides  that  through  the 
Vermenagna  valley  from  the  Col  de 
Tenda.  The  fortifications  of  Cuneo, 
once  thought  very  strong,  and  dating 
from  the  sixteenth  century,  were  razed 
in  1800  by  order  of  the  French. 

The  railway  is  carried  along  the 
narrow  tongue  of  land  separating  the 
Stura  and  the  Gesso,  at  the  N.  ex- 
tremity of  which  Cuneo  is  built,  past 
Boves  through  level,  richly  cultivated 
ground  to  (8  m.)  Borgo  San  Dal- 
mazzo,  a  large  village  at  the  very  foot 
of  the  mountains,  and  at  the  junction 
of  the  Gesso,  flowing  from  the  S.W., 
with  the  Vermenagna,  coming  in 
from  the  S.E.  The  line  crosses  the 
Gesso,  and  then  ascends  the  pictures- 
que valley  of  the  Vermenagna,  pass- 
ing Roccavione,  and  Robilante,  and 
mounting  1,237  ft.  from  the  Borgo 
before  reaching  (20  m.  from  Cuneo) 

Limone  (1,009  m->  3>3IQ  ft-)>  the 
present  terminus  of  the  railway,  though 
it  is  hoped  to  carry  it  on  in  a  few 
years  through  a  tunnel  to  Tenda, 
and  ultimately  to  Ventimiglia. 
limone  is  the  best  headquarters  for 
any  one  wishing  to  explore  this  neigh- 
bourhood, and,  besides  the  other  rare 
plants  mentioned  below,  the  botanist 
may  find  near  the  village,  Arabis 
serpyllifolia,  Genista  cinerea,  Astra- 
galus flurpureus,  and  A.  depresses, 
Lamium  longiflonwi ,  Sec. 

[Three  specially  interesting  excur- 
sions may  be  made  from  Limone, 
each  of  which  affords  a  means  of 
reaching  Tenda  otherwise  than  by 
the  high  road. 

{a)  On  September  26,  1852,  the 
writer  (J.  B.)  followed  the  main 
stream  of  the  Vermenagna  S.  W.  to  its 
source  at  the  head  of  the  wild  Abisso 
glen,  under  the  peak  of  the  Rocca 
delV  Abisso.    On  the  way  are  many 


6  MARITIME  ALPS.    §  r.  ARGENTERA  DISTRICT 


interesting  plants— e.g.  Silene  cam- 
panula, Primula  marginata,  Satitreja 
piperella,  Achillea  herba  rota,  and 
Saxifraga  pedemontana.  At  the  head 
of  this  glen  there  is  a  depression  in 
the  chain,  S.E.  of  the  Rocca,  and  ap- 
proached through  a  hollow  filled  with 
huge  fallen  rocks  and  patches  of 
snow.  Clouds  having  come  on.  the 
writer  was  unable  to  ascertain  whether 
the  descent  on  the  S.  side  of  this 
wild  pass  is  practicable,  though  it 
probably  is.  But  to  reach  Tenda 
thence  proved  not  difficult,  for,  on 
returning  for  less  than  an  hour 
t  >wards  Limone,  the  Col  delta  Mar- 
gheria  is  seen  on  the  right,  or  S.  :  it  is 
approached  by  steep  grass  slopes, 
crosses  the  main  chain,  and  leads 
down  to  the  high  road  at  the  S.  foot 
of  the  Col  de  Tenda.  A  mountaineer 
would  naturally  be  tempted  to  climb 
the  Rocca,  accessible  by  this  glen  in 
5  hrs.  from  Limone,  or  in  3  hrs.  by 
mule  path  to  the  summit  from  the 
top  of  the  Col  de  Tenda  ;  but,  as  it 
commands  a  view  of  the  forts  on  that 
pass,  access  to  it  is  strictly  prohibited. 

(b)  A  pedestrian  may  vary  the  way 
to  Tenda  by  mounting  S.E.  from 
Limone,  through  the  San  Giovanni 
glen  to  the  Col  dell  a  Boaira  (2. 105  m. . 
6,906  ft.),  at  its  head,  whence  he 
descends  into  the  very  head  of  the 
long  glen  of  Rio  Freddo,  which  joins 
the  Roja  glen  close  to  Tenda.  A 
bad  mule  track  traverses  this  pass, 
which  takes  6  hrs.  Besides  other 
rarities,  such  as  Iberis  garrexiana, 
Phyteuma  Balhisianum ,  &e,,  the 
botanist  may  find  the  extremely 
scarce  Moehrhigia  papulosa  on  the 
limestone  rocks  by  a  house  (?  hermi- 
tage) scooped  out  of  the  face  of  the 
mountain  on  the  left  side  of  the  valley, 
about  2  miles  above  Tenda. 

(c)  The  most  beautiful  excursion 
near  Limone  is,  however,  that  over 
the  Besimauda  to  the  Certosa  di  Pesio, 
whence  an  easy  pass  leads  the  next 
day  over  to  Tenda.  Mounting  first 
the  stony  ravine  of  Armeliina,  then 
flower-sprinkled  grassy  slopes,  the 
traveller   gains   in   2|-3  hrs,  from  \ 


Limone  the  crest  of  the  broad  grassy 
ridge  separating  the  Vermenagna  and 
Pesio  glens,  at  a  point  called  '  U 
Colle '  on  the  Italian  map.  The 
mule  path  descends  direct  to  Pesio  in 
2  hrs. ,  but  in  fine  weather  no  traveller 
should  omit  to  walk  in  a  N.  direction 
along  this  grassy  crest  for  about  \\ 
hr.  to  its  highest  point,  known  as 
the  Besimauda  (2,404  m.,  7,887  ft.), 
but  called  Becca  Costa  Rossa  by  the 
Italian  map,  which  gives  the  former 
name  to  a  lower  point  still  further  N. 
The  view  from  the  Besimauda  is  one 
of  the  finest  imaginable,  including 
not  only  the  plain  of  Piedmont,  with 
valleys  opening  and  Alpine  ridges 
breaking  down  into  it,  but  the  whole 
chain  of  the  Western  and  Central 
Alps  (save  Mont  Blanc  himself)  from 
the  Viso  through  Monte  Rosa  to  the 
Disgrazia,  while  the  Mediterranean, 
and  even  the  city  of  Genoa,  are 
visible  in  the  opposite  direction. 
The  descent  direct  on  the  E.  to 
the  Certosa  takes  only  2  hrs. 
(3§  hrs.  up).  The  Certosa  di  Pesio 
(862  m. ,  2,828  ft. )  is  an  old  Carthusian 
monastery,  founded  in  1 172,  but  now 
secularised,  and  used  as  an  hotel, 
one  of  the  loveliest  in  the  Alps,  with 
its  half-mile  of  cloisters,  its  quaint 
two-storied  monks'  houses,  and  the 
wonderful  chestnut  woods  which  sur- 
round it  on  every  side.  From  a 
little  chapel,  a  few  steps  away. 
Monte  Rosa,  the  Weisshorn,  and  the 
Matterhorn  are  seen  across  the 
shadowy  plain.  The  Certosa  is 
reached  in  2^-3  hrs.  from  Cuneo, 
10  m.  distant,  by  a  good  carriage 
road  through  a  most  picturesque  glen, 
with  several  hamlets  nestling  in  it. 
Many  pleasant  excursions  may  be 
made  from  the  Certosa,  the  air  in  the 
valley  being  distinctly  Alpine,  so 
that  it  forms  one  of  the  most  ideal 
resting  places  in  the  Alps.  The  head 
of  the  Pesio  glen  is  closed  by  the 
jagged  rock -crest  of  the  Cima  Mar- 
guards  (2,649  m-?  8,691  ft.),  the 
highest  of  the  Ligurian  Appennines. 
A  practised  rock-climber  might  per- 
haps scale  this  great  wall  direct,  but 


ROUTE  A.    TURIN  AND  CUNEO  TO  NICE 


7 


the  ascent  is  more  easily  made  from 
the  pass  of  the  Croce  di  Malaberga 
(2,200  m.,  7,218  ft.),  on  the  W.,  by 
smooth  rocks,  deep  hollows,  and  a 
steep  rock  gully,  or  from  the  head  of 
the  Rio  Freddo  valley  on  the  S.,  the 
ascent  taking  5^  hrs.  from  Tenda. 
The  Malaberga  Pass,  just  mentioned, 
may  be  reached  in  3  hrs.  from 
the  Certosa,  the  descent  thence  by 
the  Rio  Freddo  glen  to  Tenda  taking 
4  more.  A  military  road  runs  from 
the  Colle  dei  Signori,  S.  of,  and 
\\  hr.  below,  the  peak,  to  the  Mala- 
berga Pass,  and  thence  S.W.  along 
the  crest  to  the  fort  on  the  Pepino 
hillock,  just  E.  of  the  Col  de  Tenda.  J 
The  road  from  Limone  towards  the 
Col  de  Tenda  mounts  in  long  zigzags 
by  a  spur  of  the  mountain  which  pro- 
jects between  two  deeply-cut  glens  of 
the  main  valley.  At  one  point  the 
jld  mule  path  (now  a  cart  track)  leads 
to  the  right,  and  the  old  char  road  is 
in  the  centre,  but  the  new  road  since 
1883  mounts  to  the  left,  in  order  to 
reach  (4  m.  from  Limone)  the 
entrance  of  the  great  tunnel,  pierced 
in  the  eighteenth  century  by  the  Duke 
of  Savoy,  but  only  completed  in  1883. 
Its  N.  extremity  is  4,331  ft.  ;  it  is 
2  miles  long,  and  is  lighted  by  elec- 
tricity, while  its  S.  issue  is  4,196  ft. 
The  Col  de  Tenda  itself  is  1,873  m- 
(6,145  ft.),  and  the  old  carriage  road 
leads  over  it.  But  of  recent  years 
very  important  fortifications  have 
been  constructed  by  the  Italians  on 
the  pass  itself,  so  that  travellers  are 
no  longer  permitted  to  visit  it,  which 
is  a  pity,  as  from  it  there  is  a  glorious 
view  of  Monte  Viso,  Monte  Rosa, 
the  Matterhorn,  the  Dent  Blanche, 
the  Grand  Paradis,  &c.  (The  pass 
was  approached  on  either  side  by  a  very 
great  number  of  short  zigzags,  as  the 
continuous  slope  was  very  steep. )  On 
issuing  from  the  tunnel  the  new  road 
descends  by  some  steep  zigzags  to  the 
level  of  the  Roja,  and  follows  it  for 
several  miles  through  a  narrow  rocky 
gorge  to  (13J  m.  from  Limone) 

Tenda  (815  m.,  2,674  ft. ),  a  small 
village    very   picturesquely  situated 


'  under  a  rock,  crowned  by  a  fragment 
of  the  castle  wherein  the  unfortunate 
Beatrice  di  Tenda  was  done  to  death 
by  her  husband,  one  of  the  Visconti 
Dukes  of  Milan.  The  passes  and 
ascents  to  be  made  hence  have  been 
noticed  above,  and  Tenda  is  not  well 
situated  as  headquarters,  but  the 
neighbourhood  is  full  of  interest  to  a 
naturalist  or  geologist.  Among  other 
very  rare  plants  to  be  found  on  the  rocks 
over  the  village,  Silene  cordifolia, 
Asperula      hexaphylla,  Saxifraga 

I  diafiensioideS)  and  S.  cochlearis,  with 
Passerina  dioica,  may  be  specially 
noticed  ;  the  first  two  are  not  known 
to  grow  out  of  this  district. 

2.\  miles  below  Tenda  is  an  old 
monaster}7,  now  used  as  an  hotel, 
called  San  Dalmazzo  di  Tenda  (696m., 
2,284  ft.),  in  a  narrow  and  confined 
situation,  though  affording  excellent 
headquarters  for  the  botanist  and  the 
mountaineer.  It  is,  however,  cool 
and  pleasant  in  summer,  as  there  are 
grounds  planted  with  chestnut  trees, 
many  cloisters,  and  a  rushing  stream, 
as  well  as  passing  breezes. 

[2^  m.  E.  of  San  Dalmazzo,  in  a  side 
glen,  is  the  picturesque  village  of  Briga 
(765  m.,  2,510  ft.),  clustering  round 
a  church  with  a  tall  campanile  and 

!  overlooked  by  the  ruined  tower  of  a 

I  castle.  Briga  has  of  late  years 
become  frequented  as  a  summer 
resort  ;  the  valley  leading  up  to  it 
abounds  in  rare  plants.  J 

[W.  of  San  Dalmazzo  a  consider- 

I  able  and  savage  valley  descends  to 
join  that  of  the  Roja.  It  is  called 
the  Valle  della  Miniera,  from  some 
mines  of  argentiferous  sulphide  of 
lead,  which  have  been  known  for 
many     centuries,     and  alternately 

I  worked   or   abandoned   as  circum- 

j  stances  rendered  them  profitable.  A 
cart  track  runs  up  in  2-2J  hrs.  from 
San  Dalmazzo  to  the  buildings  used 
in  connection  with  the  mines,  which 

I  stand  at  a  height  of  1,494  m.,  4,902  ft., 

I  not  far  W.  of  the  point  at  which  the 
valley  splits  into  two  branches. 

The  N.  branch  is  the  Casterino 

I  glen,  a  long,  winding  valley.  Just 


8  MARITIME  ALPS.    §  i.  ARGENTERA  DISTRICT 


where  it  turns  to  the  W. ,  and  takes  i 
the  name  of  Valmasca,  is  the  easy 
grass  pass — traversed  by  a  mule  track 
— of  the  Col  del  Sabbioue  (2,264  m-> 
7,428  ft.) — splendid  edelweiss  on  its 
S.   slope — by   which   9   hrs.'  good 
walking    suffice    to   go   from    San  1 
Dalmazzo  by  way  of  Entraque  to  the  j 
town  of  Valdieri.    At  the  very  head  \ 
of  the  Valmasca  the  Col  delV  Agnel  j 
(2,568  m.  8,426  ft. ),  above  the  fine  | 
Lago  dell'  Agnel,   and  N.  of  the  I 
Mont   Clapier,  gives   access  to  the  I 
Mont  Colomb  glen,  by  which  Entraque  j 
is  also  attained  ;  this  is  the  finest  of 
the  passes  leading  in  that  direction 
from   Tenda.    A   little   S.    of  the  ! 
Mont  Clapier  is  the  easy  Col  della  \ 
Pons,  leading  to  the  head  of  the  Val 
Gordolasca,    whence    Mont  Clapier 
(3,046   m.,  9.994  ft.)  is  easily  as- 
cended.    It  takes  about  3  hrs.  from 
the  Club  cave  or  hut,  near  the  Vastera 
Barma  (2,160  m.,  7,087  ft.),  one  of 
the  highest  chalets  in  the  Val  Gordo  - 
lasca  (see  Route  C). 

The  W.  branch  of  the  Miniera 
glen  is  the  Voile  delV  I?ife7-no,  and 
through  it,  past  the  Laghi  Lunghi  j 
(2  hrs. ),  the  Pas  so  del  Trent  (2,561  m. , 
8,403  ft.) — whence  the  Cima  del 
Diavolo  (2,687  m.,  8,816  ft.),  on  the 
S.,  is  accessible  in  \  hr. — and  the 
Pas  so  d1  Arpeto  (2,563  m.,  8.409  ft.) 
lead  to  the  Val  Gordolasca  :  hence  a 
second  easy  pass  can  be  crossed  to 
the  Madonna  delle  Finestre,  or  the 
Gordolasca  glen  followed  to  its  junc- 
tion with  the  Vesubie  valley  at 
Roquebilliere,  5  m.  below  St.  Martin 
Vesubie.  But  the  most  frequently 
made  excursion  in  the  Valle  dell' 
Inferno  is  the  perfectly  easy  ascent  of 
the  Monte  Bego  (2,873  m->  9>426  ft.), 
which  takes  \\  hr.  from  the  Laghi  | 
Lunghi,  or  5-6  hrs.  from  San  Dal- 
mazzo. It  is  a  very  fine  panoramic 
point  of  view,  and  has  been  called 
the  '  Rigi  of  the  Maritime  Alps.' 
W.  of  this  summit,  and  X.  of  the 
Laghi  Lunghi — about  3  hrs.  from  the 
Miniera,  or  1  hr.  from  the  Laghi 
Lunghi — are  two  solitary  mountain 
tarns  called  the  Laghi  delle  Mera-  \ 


viglie,  from  the  strange  inscriptions 
and  drawings  found  on  the  rocks 
below  them.  These  have  given  rise 
to  the  wildest  theories,  and  many 
pamphlets,  of  which  Signor  Xavello, 
in  the  '  Bollettino'  for  1883,  pp.  16- 
20,  gives  a  full  account,  with  plates. 
They  are  most  probably  the  handi- 
work of  shepherds  and  herdsmen  in 
their  idle  moments.] 

A  few  minutes  below  San  Dalmazzo 
is  the  Italian  custom  house,  and  then 
the  high  road  passes  for  several  miles 
through  a  narrow  gorge  between  steep, 
massive  walls  of  rock,  with  here  and 
there  an  opening  which  some  torrent 
has  cut  through  the  mass,  one  of 
these  marking  the  frontier  between 
Italy  and  France.  The  bold  forms 
of  the  rocks,  and  the  luxuriant  vege- 
tation, which  crowns  every  height 
and  fills  ever}'  hollow,  make  the 
scenery  of  this  road  worthy  to  com- 
pare with  that  of  almost  any  other 
Alpine  pass.  The  botanist  will  re- 
mark with  interest,  beside  the  saxi- 
frages and  other  Alpine  plants  that 
have  descended  from  the  surrounding 
mountains,  many  species  of  warmer 
latitudes,  and  especially  the  Cineraria 
maritima,  which,  save  in  gardens,  is 
seldom  seen  except  in  the  warmest 
situations  on  the  shores  of  the  Medi- 
terranean. Between  the  villages  of 
Fontan  and  Breil  is  almost  the  only 
habitat  of  the  curious  plant  Ballota 
spinosa. 

At  Fontan  (5  m.  below  San 
Dalmazzo)  is  the  French  custom 
house.  A  short  distance  beyond, 
below  the  quaint  village  of  Saorge, 
stretching  crescentwise  on  the  top 
of  the  cliffs,  which  expand  in  front  of 
it  into  an  amphitheatre,  and  leave 
room  for  slopes  of  olives,  the  Cairos 
glen  on  the  W.  joins  the  Roja  valley  : 
through  it  the  Col  de  Raus  and  the 
Baisse  de  St.  Veran  lead  over  to  the 
Vesubie  valley,  gained  at  Roque- 
billiere or  La  Bollene  respectively. 
The  high  road  enters  a  narrow  defile 
below  Saorge,  crosses  andrecrosses  the 
Roja  several  times,  and  then  follows 
that  stream  to  (5  m.  from  Fontan) 


ROUTE  B.    CUNEO  TO  THE  BATHS  OF  VALDIERI  9 


Giandola.  Hence  the  Roja  runs 
in  a  tolerably  direct  course  to  Venti- 
miglia,  where  it  falls  into  the 
Mediterranean. 

[A  fine  new  carriage  road  (i6Jm., 
3 J-  hrs.'  drive)  runs  past  Breil,  and 
through  a  series  of  very  picturesque 
gorges  down  the  Roja  valley,  the 
vegetation  gradually  showing  the 
nearness  of  the  traveller  to  the  Medi- 
terranean, to  Ventimiglia  (1  hr.  by 
rail  from  Nice).  This  route  to  Nice 
is  in  every  way  preferable  to  the  long 
and  tedious  round  by  Sospel.] 

The  traveller  by  the  old  route  to 
Nice  is,  however,  disappointed  to  find 
that  he  must  here  leave  the  Roja  valley 
in  order  to  cross  a  succession  of  steep 
rocky  ridges,  separating  as  many  short 
glens  which  intervene  between  the 
Roja  and  Paillon  valleys.  The  first 
of  these  passes  is  the  Col  de  Brouis 
(838  m.,  2,749  ft.),  458  m.  (1,503  ft.) 
above  Giandola,  and 489  m.  (1,604  ft.) 
above  Sospel,  12 J  m.  from  Giandola, 
and  surrounded  by  fig  trees,  olives, 
&c.  (Hence  a  carriage  road  (14  m.) 
leads  in  2\  hrs.  over  the  Col  de  Cas- 
tillon  to  Mentone. )  A  still  steeper 
ascent  of  350  m.  (1,148  ft.)  over 
rocky  soil,  in  summer  nearly  bare  of 
vegetation,  leads  to  the  Col  de  Braus 
(999  m.,  3,278  ft),  and  so  down  to 
V  Escarhie  (13  m.  from  Sospel). 

[Hence  a  very  pleasant  detour  may 
be  made  by  carriage  road  to  Luceram 
( I  hr. ),  and  on  in  2 \  hrs.  more  to  Peira 
Cava  (1,400  m.,  4,593  ft.),  a  conve- 
nient centre  for  excursions.  A  good 
road  runs  on  in  3  hrs.  to  the  Aution 
(2,080  m.,  6,824  ft. ),  a  fine  point  of 
view,  just  S.  of  the  Baisse  de  St. 
Veran,  and  there  are  many  walks  in 
the  forest,  while  a  bad  mule  path  leads 
in  3  hrs.  from  Peira  Cava,  past  La 
Croisetlef  to  La  Bollene,  in  the  Vesu- 
bie  valley.  J 

Twelve  and  a  half  miles  more, 
across  a  third  less  lofty  and  trouble- 
some ridge,  bring  the  traveller  along 
the  bank  of  the  Paillon  torrent  to  Nice. 


Route  B. 

CUNEO  TO  THE  BATHS  OF  VALDIERI, 
EXCURSIONS  AND  ASCENTS  FROM 
THE  BATHS. 

Steam  tramway  to  Borgo  San  Dal- 
mazzo  ;  thence  good  carriage  road. 

The  way  from  Cuneo  to  Borgo  San 
Dalmazzo  has  been  described  in  the 
last  Route,  but  a  traveller  bound  for 
Valdieri  should  prefer  the  tramway 
to  the  railway,  as  there  are  more 
frequent  trains,  and  the  distance  is  a 
good  deal  shorter  (5  m.  instead  of 
8  m.)  From  the  Borgo  the  road 
follows  the  left  bank  of  the  Gesso  for 
1 1 J  m.  from  Cuneo  to  the  large 
village  or  small  town  of  Valdieri 
(757  m. ,  2,484  ft. ),  the  last  in  the  main 
valley,  which  here  expands  into  a 
small  plain  about  a  mile  broad.  On 
the  S.  side  there  opens  a  considerable 
lateral  valley,  in  which,  3  m.  off  by 
a  carriage  road,  stands  the  village  of 
Entraque,  whence  many  passes  lead 
over  the  neighbouring  ranges  in 
various  directions  (see  Routes  A  and  C). 
After  passing  the  entrance  to  this 
glen,  the  road  from  Valdieri  to  the 
Baths  mounts  continuously  through 
the  narrow  and  very  striking  glen  of 
the  Gesso,  where  the  stream  brawls  its 
way  amid  huge  blocks  of  gneiss  and 
granite.  In  the  plain  of  San?  Anna, 
at  the  junction  of  the  Me?-is  torrent 
from  the  W.  (which  here  makes  a 
fine  waterfall),  there  is  a  royal  hunting 
lodge,  together  with  a  few  houses 
clustered  round  a  saw  mill.  Other- 
wise scarcely  a  house  is  to  be  seen, 
and  the  traveller  is  surprised  to  find 
himself  thus  near  the  shores  of  the 
Mediterranean,  amid  scenery  as  wild 
as  any  in  the  Alps,  especially  when, 
as  often  happens  till  mid-July,  large 
patches  of  snow  lie  unmelted  in 
hollows  beside  the  torrent.  A  turn 
of  the  glen  suddenly  shows  (11  m. 
from  Valdieri)  a  handsome  bridge, 
and  behind  it  a  massive  three- 
storied  stone  building,  with  a  few 
houses  in  the  Swiss  chalet  style  about 


io         MARITIME  ALPS.    §  i.  ARGENTERA  DISTRICT 


it.  The  Baths  of  Valdieri  have  en- 
joyed local  celebrity  in  Piedmont 
since  the  end  of  the  fifteenth  century, 
but  it  was  after  the  construction,  in 
1857,  of  the  present  Stabilimento, 
and,  in  1859,  of  the  carriage  road 
leading  up  to  it,  that  the  Baths  became 
frequented.  They  stand  at  a  height 
of  1,346  m.,  4,416  ft.,  at  the  meeting 
of  the  Lourousa,  the  Valletta,  and 
the  Valasco  glens,  so  that  the  climate 
is  cool,  while  the  position  is  very 
convenient  for  the  mountaineer,  al- 
though the  hotel  is  only  open  from 
July  I  to  September  1.  The  society 
is  almost  exclusively  Piedmontese, 
and  in  the  season  is  very  numerous. 

There  are  many  mineral  springs 
here,  of  which  three  are  used.  1 .  A 
very  hot  sulphureous  spring,  issuing 
from  the  rock  at  about  1450  F.  2.  A 
sulphureous  spring  containing  organic 
matter,  and  with  a  temperature  of 
95°  F.  :  it  is  called  Acqua  di  Santa 
Lucia,  and  is  celebrated  for  its  efficacy 
in  ophthalmic  complaints.  3.  A 
saline  spring,  which  is  a  mild  purga- 
tive. But  the  most  singular  curative 
agent  here  is  a  cryptogamic  plant — 
the  Ulvalabyrinthiformis  of  Allioni — 
which  grows  on  the  surface  of  the  rock 
over  which  the  thermal  waters  trickle 
down  to  the  Gesso.  This  forms  gela- 
tinous masses  three  or  four  inches 
thick,  in  which,  under  the  microscope, 
minute  insects  are  seen  to  thrive  at  a 
temperature  of  1350  F.  Large 
strips  of  this  matter  are  taken  off  and 
applied  to  the  body,  being  found  very 
useful  in  some  cases  of  internal 
disease,  for  old  wounds,  &c.  For  further 
details  as  to  the  treatment  at  Valdieri 
see  the  little  works  published  by 
Signori  Lace  and  Varalda. 

This  branch  of  the  Gesso  valley,  as 
well  as  that  of  Entraque  (see  next 
Route),  is  the  favourite  resort  of  the 
King  of  Italy  for  the  sake  of  the 
hunting,  as  the  game  in  these  parts 
is  preserved  by  him,  so  that  moun- 
taineers should  be  careful  not  to 
disturb  it.  He  has  several  small 
hunting  lodges  scattered  about,  while, 
to  suit  his  convenience,  many  mule 


paths  (as  in  the  Cogne  district)  have 
been  constructed.  These  are  very 
handy  for  the  mountaineer,  who 
should  be  warned,  however,  that  they 
often  end  in  some  wild  spot,  whence 
there  is  no  other  apparent  exit. 

The  neighbourhood  of  the  Baths 
has  long  been  celebrated  for  the 
beauty  and  rarity  of  its  flora,  and  even 
the  least  botanically  inclined  visitor 
is  attracted  by  the  variety  and 
brilliancy  of  the  flowers  which  may 
be  found  within  a  short  stroll  of  the 
Stabilimento.  Conspicuous  among 
these  are  Lychnis  Jlos  jovis,  Saponaria 
ocymoides,  Potentilla  valderia,  Viola 
cenisia,  Paradisia  liliastruni,  Lilium 
bulbiferum,  Achillea  herba  rota, 
Nasttirthvn  pyrenaicum,  and  several 
Alpine  species  of  Primula.  The 
Alpine  laburnum,  Cytisus  alpinus,  is 
extremely  common,  and  ascends  be- 
yond the  limit  of  other  trees  to  a  great 
height  on  the  mountain-sides,  gilding 
the  dark  rocks  with  its  profuse  masses 
I  of  bright  yellow  flowers.  In  mossy 
I  places  Cardamine  asa^i  folia  and 
Tozzia  alpina  are  abundant.  The 
Valasco  glen,  which  is  also  interesting 
through  its  memorials  of  former 
glacial  action,  is  particularly  rich. 
On  the  rocks  and  slopes  on  either 
side  may  be  found  Arabis  allionii, 
Silene  cordifolia,  Saxifraga florulenta, 
and  S.  pedemontana,  Cephalaria  al- 
pina, Pedicularis  incarnata,  and 
other  very  rare  plants. 

A  pleasant  excursion  may  be  made 
up  the  most  westerly  of  the  three 
glens  which  meet  close  to  the  Baths. 
It  is  called  the  Valasco,  and  is  tra- 
versed by  a  cart  track,  which  mounts 
in  I  hr.  to  one  of  the  King's  hunting 
boxes,  beyond  which  a  footpath  leads 
up  by  many  zigzags  in  hr.  more  to 
the  fine  Laghi  di  Valscura,  not  far 
below  the  Bassa  di  Druos  (Rte.  E), 
over  which  the  valley  of  the  Tinee  is 
easily  reached.  Another  walk  is  by 
the  mule  path  up  the  S.  glen,  the 
Valletta,  on  the  way  to  the  Col  de 
la  Ciriegia  (Rte.  D).  Yet  a  third 
I  excursion  may  be  made  to  the 
I  Lourousa  glen  on  the  S.E.  :  a  royal 


ROUTE  B.    CUNEO  TO  THE  BATHS  OF  VALDIERI  u 


hunting  path  leads  all  the  way  up  it 
in  3ij  hrs.  to  the  Col  de  Chiapous 
(2,520  m.,  8,268  ft.),  at  its  head, 
giving  access  to  the  Rovina  glen. 
The  Lourousa  glen  is  striking  in  itself 
and  commands  a  fine  view  of  the 
precipices  of  the  Punta  dell'  Argentera, 
and  of  the  steep  snow  couloir  leading 
up  them,  the  latter  being  also  seen, 
though  of  course  not  so  well,  from 
the  bridge  over  the  Gesso,  just  below 
the  Stabilimento. 

The  Baths  are  also  the  most  con- 
venient starting  point  for  several 
ascents.  The  chief  is  that  of  the 
Punta  dell'  Argentera  (3,317  m., 
10,883  ft.),  the  monarch  of  the  Mari- 
time Alps.  This  was  first  climbed  in 
1879  by  Mr.  Coolidge,  who  mounted 
by  the  Lourousa  glen,  the  steep 
snow  couloir  just  mentioned,  and  the 
N.  ridge  more  or  less  :  the  time  taken 
was  about  5  hrs.'  walking  from  the 
Baths,  and  it  was  ascertained  that 
the  most  southerly  summit  was  the 
highest.  Since  1879  two  other  routes 
have  been  struck  out,  in  order  to 
avoid  step-cutting  up  the  steep  snow 
couloir.  One  mounts  the  Valletta, 
and,  after  climbing  up  by  a  long 
gully  of  shifting  stones  to  the  highest 
depression  on  the  S.  shoulder  of  the 
peak,  above  the  gap  between  it  and 
its  next  neighbour  to  the  S.,  then 
follows  either  the  S.  ridge  or  a  ledge 
on  its  E.  side  and  a  crack  to  the 
summit  (5-6  hrs.  from  the  Baths). 
The  other  starts  from  the  Col  de 
Chiapous  (see  above)  and  traverses  the 
great  E.  face  until  it  rejoins  the  route 
of  1879  (6  hrs.  from  the  Baths).  The 
route  by  the  E.  face  or  ledge  is  best 
suited  for  those  who  spend  the  night 
at  the  new  4  Genova '  Club  hut, 
built  in  1897  at  a  height  of  about 
2,000  m.  (6,562  ft.),  and  about  200 
yds.  from  the  Monighet  hut  ( 1 ,960  m. ), 
near  the  point  where  the  track  from 
the  Col  de  Chiapous  reaches  the 
Rovina  glen.  This  hut  is  about  4  hrs. 
distant  from  Entraque  by  way  of  the 
Rovina  glen.  A  party  coming  over 
from  St.  Martin  Vesubie  can  best 
reach  this  hut  by  way  of  the  Ciriegia 


[  inn     and   the   Col   delle  Rovine, 
I  while  from  the  Madonna  delle  Finestre 
the  most  convenient  route  is  by  the 
Col  delle  Finestre  and  the  Passo  di 
j  Fenestrelle.  The  ascent  from  the  Club 
I  hut  takes  about  3  hrs.     Once  on  or 
I  near  the  N.  ridge  of  the  Argentera,  it 
is  but  an  easy  scramble  of  a  few  minutes 
to  gain  the    N.   extremity   of  the 
range,  now  called  Gelas  di  Lourousa 
(3,260  m.,  10,696  ft.),  but  formerly 
Monte    Stella  :    its   two  points  are 
divided  from   the  Argentera   by  a 
depression  formed  by  the  head  of  the 
steep  snow  couloir  descending  to  the 
small  glacier  in  the  Lourousa  glen. 
The    Cima   di    Arasla    (3,108  m., 
10,197  ft.)  is  best  ascended  by  its 
S.  face,  while  Herr  Purtschelier  has 
j  shown  that  an  active  climber  may  in 
|  a  single  day  from  the  Baths  climb 
j  successively    the     Cima    del  Bans 
j  (3,068  m. ,    10,066  ft.),  the  Cima 
B7-ocan  (3,054  m. ,  10,020  ft.),  the 
Cima    Balma    Ghilie    (3,010  m., 
9,876  ft.),  and  the  Cima  Jlfercantour 
(2,775  m->   9, 105  ft.),  all  of  these 
peaks  rising  near  the  S.E.  corner  of 
j  the  Valletta. 

The  favourite  ascent  (mule  path  to 
within  20  min.  of  the  summit)  from 
the  Baths  is  that  of  the  Monte  Matto 
(3,087  m.,  10,128  ft.),  which  rises 
very  steeply  in  a  great  wall  on  the 
N.  of  the  Stabilimento.  The  ascent 
is  best  made  by  way  of  one  of  the 
royal  hunting  paths,  which  branches 
off  from  that  in  the  Vaiasco  nearly 
I  hr.  from  the  Baths,  and  then 
mounts  N.  till  it  gains  the  ridge 
separating  the  glen  which  has  been 
ascended  from  that  of  Meris,  leading 
down  to  Sant'  Anna.  Hence  an  easy 
walk  over  stones  brings  the  traveller 
I  to  the  summit  of  the  lower  and  E. 
peak,  4§  hrs.  from  the  Baths.  It 
commands  an  extensive  viewT,  which 
is  still  finer  from  the  higher  W.  peak, 
gained  in  20  min.  by  steep  but  good 
rocks.  From  both  points  the  Stabili- 
mento is  seen  in  the  gorge  imme- 
diately at  the  spectator's  foot.  The 
return  may  be  made  by  the  Meris 
glen,  or  by  a  steep  rock  descent  of 


12         MARITIME  ALPS.    §  i. 


ARGENTERA  DISTRICT 


2  hrs.  down  the  S.  wall  of  the 
peak. 

For  the  passes  from  the  Baths  in 
various  directions,  see  Rtes.  C,  D, 
and  E. 


Route  C. 

VALDIERI  TO  ST.  MARTIN  VESUBIE 
AND  NICE  BY  THE  COL  DELLE 
FINESTRE.  EXCURSIONS  AND  AS- 
CENTS FROM  THE  MADONNA 
DELLE  FINESTRE  AND  ST.  MARTIN 
VESUBIE. 

Mule  path  to  St.  Martin  ;  carriage  road 
(and  railway  for  a  bit)  thence. 

As  mentioned  in  Route  B  the  main 
valley  of  the  Gesso  receives  a  con- 
siderable affluent  a  little  above  the 
town  of  Valdieri.  This  is  called 
the  Gesso  eP Entraqur 9  and  is  formed 
by  the  union  of  the  numerous  tor- 
rents which  drain  the  N.  slope  of  the 
extensive  glacier-clad  protogine  mass 
of  the  Cima  dei  Gelas,  and  Mont 
Clapier,  the  highest  in  this  portion  of 
the  Maritime  Alps.  A  char  road 
runs  up  in  3  m.  from  Valdieri  to 
Entraque,  a  large  village  placed,  as 
the  name  indicates,  at  the  junction  of 
two  mountain  torrents.  Through  the 
glen  to  the  S.E.  lies  the  way  by  the 
Col  del  Sabbione  to  San  Dalmazzo  di 
Tenda,  noticed  in  Route  A.  The 
glen  on  the  S.  is  itself  formed  higher 
up  by  the  union  of  two  minor  glens. 

One  is  that  of  Rovina,  through  which 
leads  the  unfrequented  pass  of  the 
Col  delle  Rovine  {2,726  m.,  8,944  ft-)> 
the  route  over  which,  after  tra- 
versing the  upper  Boreon  glen,  joins 
that  from  the  Col  de  la  Ciriegia 
(Rte.  D)  above  St.  Martin  Vesubie 
(reached  in  10  hrs.  from  Valdieri)  : 
on  the  way  the  track  crosses  the 
King's  hunting  path  which  leads 
from  the  Baths  of  Valdieri  over  the 
Col  de  Chiapous  to  the  Rovina  glen, 
and  then  crosses  the  Passo  di  Fenes- 


trelle  to  the  foot  of  the  last  ascent  to 
the  Col  delle  Finestre. 

The  other  glen  forks  at  the  spot 
where  one  of  the  King's  hunting 
lodges  is  placed.  The  S.  E.  arm  leads 
by  the  Col  dell'  Agnel  to  San  Dalmazzo 
di  Tenda  (Rte.  A),  and  also  by  the 
Passo  del  Pagarin  (2,815  m-  » 
9,236  ft.),  practically  the  only  glacier 
pass  in  the  entire  range,  in  7-8  hrs, 
from  Valdieri  to  the  head  of  the  Val 
Gordolasca  (see  below). 

The  most  frequented  route  to  St. 
Martin  Vesubie  (mule  path  all  the 
way)  lies  through  the  S.W.  arm, 
after  passing  the  King's  hunting 
lodge.  The  path  is  here  and  there 
damaged  by  rocks  which  have  fallen 
from  the  neighbouring  slopes,  but 
there  is  no  difficulty,  and,  in  5  hrs. 
from  Valdieri,  the  traveller  finds 
himself  on  the  Col  delle  Finestre 
(2,471  m.,  8,107  ft.),  the  most  fre- 
quented path  across  the  Maritime 
Alps,  with  the  sole  exception  of  the 
Col  de  Tenda.  (The  name  should 
properly  be  '  della  Finestra,5  as  it 
probably  comes  from  a  single 
'  window  '  formed  by  the  rocks  on 
the  steep  slopes  of  the  Caire  della 
Madonna  (2,531  m.),  to  the  E.  of  the 
inn,  from  which  the  opening  is  per- 
fectly visible. )  From  the  Col  both  the 
Mediterranean  and  Monte  Rosa  are 
seen  in  opposite  directions.  A  good 
hour  below  the  pass  is  the  Sanctuary 
and  Inn  of  the  Madonna  delle  Finestre 
(1,886  m.,  6,188  ft.),  gained  after 
passing  the  Finestre  lake,  and  the 
mule  track  which  leads  over  the  Passo 
del  Ladi-o  to  the  Boreon  valley. 

[This  mountain  inn  is  the  best 
headquarters  for  a  mountaineer  in 
this  district,  as  the  accommodation  is 
very  fair  (the  inn  is  crowded  only  in 
the  middle  of  August),  while  it  lies 
3,071  ft.  higher  than  St.  Martin 
Vesubie,  and  far  nearer  the  great 
mountains.  Many  rare  flowers  are 
found  here,  especially  the  remark- 
able Saxifraga  Jlorulenta^  which 
grows  on  the  ridges  of  rock  above 
the  Sanctuary, 

The  Cima  Agnelliera  (2,699  m., 


ROUTE  C.    VALDIERI  TO  ST.  MARTIN  VESUBIE  13 


8,855  ft.),  N.W.  of  the  Madonna,  is  a 
fine  view  point,  and  is  accessible  thence 
in  2§  hrs.  or  so.  The  snows  of  the 
Cima  dei  Gelas  (3,135  m.,  10,286  ft.) 
— first  ascended  by  Count  Paul  de 
St.  Robert  in  1864 — are  seen  from 
the  inn,  the  highest  summit  being  the 
left-hand  one  of  the  two  cairn- 
crowned  peaks  visible  to  the  right  of 
the  Col  delle  Finestre.  Its  ascent  is 
the  chief  expedition  to  be  made  from 
the  Madonna,  whence  it  takes  4  hrs. 
or  less  by  way  of  the  S.  slope,  and  a 
steep  snow  couloir  on  the  E.  (that  on 
the  W.  has  also  been  scaled)  leading 
up  to  a  notch  between  the  two 
highest  points,  that  to  the  N.E. 
being  the  loftiest.  The  view  is  most 
magnificent,  including  the  sea,  the 
Lerins  islands,  near  Cannes,  Antibes, 
and  the  mouth  of  the  Var,  near  Nice, 
as  well  as  a  wide  mountain  panorama 
in  other  directions  and  even  Corsica. 
The  peak  can  also  be  gained  from  the 
Maledia  ice  field  (which,  forming  six 
small  glaciers,  stretches  for  2 \  m.  along 
the  N.  foot  of  the  range  from  the  Gelas 
to  the  Mont  Clapier),  but  some  steep 
rocks  above  that  glacier  must  be 
scaled  before  attaining  the  ridge  E.  of 
the  Gelas. 

Separated  from  the  Finestre  glen 
by  a  jagged  chain  on  the  E.  is  the 
long  and  winding  Val  Gordolasca,  the 
passes  from  which  towards  the  Tenda 
road  have  been  indicated  in  Rte.  A. 
Several  other  passes  lead  into  it  from 
the  Col  delle  Finestre  track,  that  most 
convenient  for  climbers  being  the 
Pas  so  di  Mo7tt  Colomb  (2,540  m., 
8,334  ft.),  by  which,  in  2  J  hrs.  from  the 
Madonna,  the  traveller  may  gain  the 
Club  Cave  (reported  now  to  be  in  a  very 
bad  condition),  near  the  Vastera  Barma 
(2,160m.,  7,087  ft.)  This  poor  shelter 
is  admirably  placed  for  the  exploration 
of  the  neighbouring  summits,  of  which 
it  may  suffice  to  name  two.  The 
Mont  Clapier  (3,046  m.,  9,994  ft.)  is 
thence  accessible  in  3  hrs.  without 
the  slightest  difficulty — also  by  its  W. 
face  in  1  hr.  from  the  Passo  del  Pa- 
garin — while  the  view  it  commands 
cannot  be  excelled  even  by  that  from 


the  Gelas.  The  Punta  della  Ma- 
ledia (formerly  called  Caire  Cabret) 
(3,004  m.,  9,856  ft.)  is  a  fine  rock 
tower,  N.W.  of  the  Passo  del  Pagarin, 
and  can  be  ascended  from  the  Club 
cave  in  3  hrs.  by  way  of  the  Lago 
Lungo,  and  the  N.  face  of  the  peak, 
the  last  scramble  taking  \  hr.  The 
cave  may  also  be  used  as  the  starting 
point  for  many  ascents  in  the  range 
E.  of  the  Val  Gordolasca,  between  it 
and  the  Valle  della  Miniera.J 

A  mule  path  along  first  one,  then 
the  other  bank  of  the  stream  leads  in 
2-2J  hrs.  from  the  Madonna  (the 
frontier  being  passed  two-thirds  of 
the  way  down)  to  St.  Martin  Yesubie 
(formerly  called  St.  Martin  Lan- 
tosque)  (950  m.,  3,117  ft.) 

This  little  town  (the  walls  of  which 
are  gradually  disappearing  before 
modern  needs)  is  a  mass  of  richly 
coloured  stone  walls  and  roofs,  capped 
by  two  church  towers,  and  stands  on 
a  promontory  between  two  brawling 
Alpine  torrents  descending  from  the 
Cols  delle  Finestre  and  delle  Rovine. 
It  has  now  become  a  favourite  sum- 
mer resort  for  the  Nicois  and  others, 
but  it  lies  too  low  for  a  mountaineer, 
and  is  very  hot  in  summer.  At  that 
season  many  French  Alpine  troops  are 
encamped  around,  and  the  scene  is  a 
gay  one.  As  to  the  Vesubie  valley 
and  St.  Martin,  M.  F.  Noetinger's 
article  in  the  '  Annuaire  du  Club 
Alpin  Francais '  for  1896,  and 
chapter  23  of  vol.  xii.  (1897)  of 
M>  Ardouin-Dumazet's  1  Voyage  en 
France,'  should  be  consulted. 

£The  best  view  in  the  immediate 
neighbourhood  is  that  commanded  by 
the  Tournairet  (2,085  m->  6,841  ft.), 
nearly  due  S.  of  the  town.  A  car- 
riage road  leads  up  in  2  m.  to 
the  picturesque  village  of  Venanson, 
perched  on  a  rock,  whence  a  charming 
walk  through  woods  and  over  Alpine 
pastures  brings  the  traveller  to  the 
depression  between  the  Tournairet  on 
the  W.  and  the  Point e  de  Siruol 
(2,018m.,  6,621  ft.)  on  the  E.  The 
latter  point  is  easily  gained  in  I  hr., 
but  the  Tournairet  is  still  nearer,  and 


14         MARITIME  ALPS.    §  i.  ARGENTERA  DISTRICT 


commands  an  even  finer  view  (4  hrs. 
from  St.  Martin).  The  Cime  da  la 
Palh  (2,131  m.,  6,992  ft.),  on  the  E. 
of  St.  Martin,  is  a  fine  belvedere, 
reached  in  3  hrs.  over  pastures  and 
through  forests. 

Another  pleasant  excursion  from 
St.  Martin  is  to  follow  the  char  road 
and  mule  path  up  the  Boreon  glen 
(Rte.  D)  as  far  as  the  inn  of  Ciriegia 
(if  hr. ),  thence  to  ascend  the  Cime  de 
Piagu  (2,3,38  m.,  7,671  ft.),  a  glorious 
view  point,  reached  without  any 
trouble  in  2  J  hrs. ,  and  to  descend  from 
the  ridge  E.  of  it  to  the  path  from  the 
Madonna,  and  so  up  to  the  Madonna, 
or  down  again  to  St.  Martin. 

The  shortest  way  from  St.  Martin 
to  the  Tinee  valley  is  by  Valdeblore, 
reached  from  St.  Martin  by  a  rough 
mule  path  over  the  Col  de  St.  Martin 
(1,508  m.,  4,948  ft.),  whence  the 
Balme  de  la  Frema  (2,242  m., 
7,356  ft.)  can  be  easily  ascended. 
The  hamlet  of  St.  Dalmas  is  if  hr. 
from  St.  Martin.  Thence  there  is  a 
carriage  road,  whence  several  villages 
are  seen  in  most  extraordinary  situa- 
tions, and  by  it  St.  Sauveur,  in  the 
Tinee  valley  (§  2.  Rte.  A),  is  reached 
in  2-2^  hrs.'  walking  from  St. 
Dalmas.  A  more  interesting  though 
longer  way  to  St.  Sauveur  or  Isola 
is  by  the  Col  de  Saleses  (Rte.  D).J 

There  is  a  good  carriage  road  all  the 
way  from  St.  Martin  to  Nice  (37  m. ), 
but  at  St.  Jean  de  la  Riviere  (15  m. 
from  St.  Martin)  a  traveller  may  drive 
for  5  m.  by  a  new  road  through  the 
fine  gorge  of  the  Vesubie  to  the 
Vesubie  station  on  the  railway  (§  2. 
Rte.  A)  to  Puget  Theniers  (from  St. 
Martin  3J  hrs.  down  by  diligence, 
4J-4J-  hrs.  up)  and  by  it  reach  Nice 
(16  m.  distant)  in  if  hr.  more. 

The  road  from  St.  Martin  passes 
through  very  picturesque  scenery.  In 
4  m.  a  road  branches  off  to  the  left 
by  which  the  Baths  of  Berthemont, 
near  some  mineral  springs  of  local 
celebrity,  and  commanding  a  fine 
outlook  over  the  Vesubie  valley,  are 
gained  in  z\  m.  One  mile  further 
on   the  main  road  is  Roquebilliere 


I  (578  m.,  1,896  ft.),  at  the  junction 
I  of  the  Val  Gordolasca  (see  above  and 
I  Rte.  A)  with  the  Vesubie  valley. 

[Twenty  -  five  min.  above  the 
village  by  road  is  the  hamlet  of  Bel- 
vedere (835  in.,  2,740  ft.),  on  a  hill 
covered  with  splendid  chestnut  trees. 
It  is  now  much  frequented  in  summer.  J 
The  road  passes  below  La  Bollenz 
(1  m.  above),  whence  the  Baisse  de 
St.  Veran  (Rte.  A)  leads  over  to 
Saorge,  on  the  Tenda  road.  Be- 
tween Roquebilliere  and  Lantosqae 
(4  m.  distant)  the  change  of  climate 
becomes  manifest  in  the  more  and 
\  more  southern  character  of  the  vege- 
tation. Cistuses,  Centaureas,  and 
other  Mediterranean  species  make 
their  appearance,  and  the  jujube  tree, 
Zizyphus  vulgaris,  appears  perfectly 
wild  on  the  slope  of  the  valley. 
Below  Lantosque  the  Vesubie  has  cut 
a  deep  channel,  with  vertical  walls  of 
calcareous  rock,  in  which  a  fortified 
post,  to  command  the  passage,  has 
I  been  excavated. 

I      [Near  the  road  through  this  gorge 
to  the  railway  the  botanist  may  find 
Potentilla,  saxifraga  and  Saxifraga 
lantoscana— plants   known    only  in 
two  or  three  spots  in  this  neighbour- 
hood— along  with  Plagius  agerati- 
folius,    Genista    cinerea,  Juniperus 
j  pkecnicea,  and  other  rarities.  3 
i      Hence  at  St.  Jean  de  la  Riviere, 
1  a  group  of  houses,  with  a  church, 
j  forming  an  effective  feature  in  the 
I  landscape,   the  main    road  ascends 
above  the  left  bank  of  the  Vesubie. 

[From  St.  Jean  a  new  carriage 
road  leads  up  by  many  zigzags  in 
\\  hr.  to  the  curious  little  town  of 
Utelle  (800  m. ,  2,625  ft. ),  in  the  midst 
:  of  wild  hills  dominating  deep  and 
picturesque  valleys.  It  has  a  very 
remarkable  church,  said  to  have 
been  founded  in  the  sixth  century, 
with  a  curious  Gothic  porch,  sup- 
ported by  four  pillars  of  grey  granite, 
while  in  the  apse,  behind  the  high 
altar,  is  a  fine  carved  wooden  panel, 
of  the  thirteenth  century,  represent- 
ing the  life  and  deeds  of  St.  Veran, 
the  reputed  founder  of  the  church.  J 


ROUTE  C.    VALDIERI  TO  ST.  MARTIN  VESUBIE  15 


The  precipitous  wall  on  the  right 
hand,  near  Duranus,  is  called  the 
'  Saut  des  Francais,'  from  a  tale  that 
in  1800  some  enraged  peasants  of 
that  village  here  threw  some  French 
soldiers  over  the  precipice,  1,200  ft. 
high. 

The  road  winds  upwards  to  the 
picturesquely  scattered  houses  of  Du- 
ranus (10  m.  from  Lantosque),  and 
then  descends  again  to  Levens  church 
and  inn  (4  m.),  the  village  itself 
being  on  a  hill-top  to  the  right.  Not 
very  far  below  is  the  junction  of  the 
Vesubie  with  the  Var.  The  road  now 
quits  the  former  river,  above  which  it 
has  run  since  St.  Martin,  takes  a  S.E. 
direction,  crosses  a  low  col,  and 
passes  by  Tourette  and  St.  Andre, 
before  reaching  (14  m.  from  Levens) 
Nice. 


Route  D. 

BATHS  OF  VALDIERI  TO  ST.  MARTIN 
VESUBIE  BY  THE  COL  DE  LA 
CIRIEGIA. 

This  is  not  an  interesting  pass,  though 
leading  through  fine  scenery,  but  is 
the  shortest  way  to  St.  Martin.  It  is 
traversed  by  a  mule  path  throughout, 
6  hrs.  being  ample  for  the  distance. 

From  the  Baths  of  Valdieri  the 
path  mounts  steeply  by  the  right  bank 
of  the  stream  to  the  level  floor  of  the 
Valletta,  the  glen  which  opens  just  S. 
of  the  Stabilimento.  In  less  than  I 
hr.  from  the  start  a  spot  is  passed 
where  Victor  Emmanuel  used  fre- 
quently to  pitch  his  tent  when  on  a 
hunting  expedition.  Near  this,  on 
the  bank  of  the  torrent,  Senecio  bal- 
bisianus  grows  abundantly.  The 
upper  end  of  the  Valletta  glen  is  bare 
and  wild. 

[Soon  after  crossing  the  stream  to 
its  left  bank  a  mule  track  mounts 
to  the  S.W.  to  join  the  great  mule 
path  which,  starting  from  the  King's 


hunting  lodge  in  the  Valasco,  is 
carried  across  the  Col  de  Frema- 
morta  (2,648  m.,  8,688  ft.)  to  the 
Mollieres  glen,  and  so  to  the  path 
from  the  Col  de  Saleses,  see  below, 
towards  the  Tinee  valley.] 

At  the  head  of  the  Valletta  glen 
rises  the  partly  snow-covered  Cima 
Mercantour  (2,775  m->  9>io5  — n°t 
3,167  m.,  10,391  ft.,  as  stated  on  the 
old  maps),  with  a  depression  on 
either  side  :  that  to  the  E.  is  the  Co* 
de  Mercantour  (2,606  m.,  8,550  ft.), 
a  mere  variation  of  the  Col  de  la 
Ciriegia  (from  it  the  Mercantour  peak 
can  be  climbed  in  40  min.  by  a  steep 
snow-covered  rocky  slope),  while  that 
to  the  W.  is  our  pass.  Crossing  to 
the  left  bank  of  the  torrent  the  track 
mounts  by  a  steep  rocky  slope,  and 
among  huge  fragments  of  rock,  till 
it  attains  a  wild  hollow,  enclosed  on 
either  side  between  steep  rocks,  and 
mounting  for  a  considerable  distance 
in  a  direction  somewhat  E.  of  S. 
When  the  writer  (J.  B.)  passed  (July 
17,  i860),  and  also  when  the  present 
Editor  (W.  A.  B.  C.)  crossed  the  pass 
(August  19,  1879),  the  bottom  of  this 
hollow  way  was  filled  with  snow  for 
l  its  entire  length,  but,  of  course,  this 
depends  on  the  heat  of  the  summer. 
On  the  rocks  and  steep  slopes  of 
debris  to  the  W.  are  many  rare  plants, 
e.g.  Viola  numimilaricefolia,  Saxi- 
j  fraga  retusa,  &c.    In  about  3J  hrs. 

from  the  Baths  the  Col  (2,551  m., 
j  8,370  ft. )  is  attained.    From  it  the 
Monte  Matto  and  part  of  the  Argen- 
tera  range  are  seen. 

The  descent  on  the  S.  side,  far 
steeper  than  the  ascent  on  the  N.  side, 
lies  down  a  ledge  against  the  face  of 
the  rock,  and  soon  attains  a  little 
tarn,  on  a  shelf  in  the  mountain- 
side. The  effect  of  southern  ex- 
posure is  seen  in  the  abundant 
vegetation  which  flourishes  at  this 
considerable  height,  while  on  the  N. 
side  a  few  peculiar  species  can  alone 
manage  to  exist  amidst  the  almost 
perpetual  snow.  Some  herdsmen's 
huts  are  seen,  and  a  steepish  descent 
by  a  rude  path  leads  down  (bearing 


16  MARITIME  ALPS.    §  i.  ARGENT-ERA  DISTRICT 


slightly  to  the  left)  through  bushes 
and  stones,  then  through  a  thick  pine 
forest  (it  is  very  easy  to  lose  the  way 
here),  to  a  beautiful  upland  glade, 
where  bright  green  pastures,  rich  in 
flowers  of  every  hue,  are  here  and 
there  broken  by  rock  and  pine  forest. 
Here,  above  the  junction  of  the 
Boreon  torrent,  flowing  from  the  Col 
delle  Rovine,  and  of  the  Saleses 
stream,  coming  from  the  pass  of  that 
name,  is  a  little  inn  (1,470  m. , 
4,823  ft.,  if  hr.  from  the  Col)  which 
is  a  pleasant  halting  place,  and  one 
of  the  favourite  excursions  from  St. 
Martin  Vesubie.  From  it  the  Cime 
de  Piagu  (2,338  m.,  7,671  ft.)  may 
be  ascended  in  2J  hrs.  Near  the  inn 
the  Boreon  forms  a  fine  waterfall, 
called  the  Cascade  de  la  Ciriegia. 

[From  the  inn  it  is  an  agreeable 
expedition  to  cross  the  Col  de  Saleses 
(2,020  m.,  6,628  ft.)  to  the  Tinee 
valley,  an  easy  walk  of  4  hrs.  by 
a  mule  path.  The  track  passes  the 
abandoned  mines  of  Saleses,  and 
then  traverses  splendid  pine  forests  to 
the  charmingly  situated  chalets  at 
the  foot  of  the  last  ascent.  The  pass 
is  gained  in  1^-  hr.  from  the  inm 
The  descent  on  the  other  side  is  a 
lovely  walk  through  the  Mollieres 
glen.  Some  way  below  the  pass  the 
mule  path  from  the  Col  de  Frema- 
morta  fails  in,  and  later  the  way  from 
the  Col  delle  Portette,  while  near  the 
hamlet  of  Mollieres  (where  the  glen 
bends  from  W.  to  S.W.)  another 
mule  path  mounts  to  the  Col  della 
Mercerci  (2,336  m.,  7,664  ft.),  which 
leads  to  the  track  over  the  Bassa  di 
Druos,  described  in  the  next  Rte. 
The  position  of  Mollieres  {less  than 
I  hr.  from  the  pass)  is  one  of  the 
most  delightful  in  the  Maritime 
Alps.  The  inhabitants,  though 
politically  Italian,  are  closely  con- 
nected with  the  villages  in  the  French  I 
valley  of  the  Tinee,  and  are  chiefly 
woodcutters.  Below  the  hamlet  a  j 
fine  gorge  is  traversed,  and  in  I J  hr. 
from  the  village  the  junction  (also  the 
political  frontier)  of  the  stream  with 
the  Tinee  is  reached.    Hence  it  is  1 


I  I  J-  hr.'s  walk  (4  m.)  by  the  carriage 
road  down  to  St.  Sauveur,  or  2  hrs.' 
walk  (5  m.)  up  to  Isola,  both  de- 
scribed in  §  2.  Rte.  A.] 

In  descending  from  the  Ciriegia 
inn  the  mule  track  becomes  a  char 

,  road  on  crossing  the  frontier,  and 
3  m.  further  (i-|  hr.  from  the  inn)  is 

i  St.  Martin  Vesubie. 


Route  E. 

BATHS  OF  VALDIERI  TO  THE  TINEE 
VALLEY  BY  THE  BASSA  DI  DRUOS. 

In  the  last  Rte.  we  described  the 
chief  passes  leading  through  the  more 
southerly  of  the  three  glens  which 
meet  near  the  Baths  of  Valdieri.  In 
this  Rte.  we  must  consider  those 
which  branch  oft  from  the  most 
westerly  glen,  that  of  Valasco,  the 
main  pass  being  the  Bassa  di  Druos, 
leading  to  Isola,  in  the  Tinee  valley. 

There  is  a  char  road  up  the  left 
bank  of  the  torrent,  which  mounts 
first  to  a  lovely  green  basin,  and  then 
to  a  smaller  one,  in  which  stands  the 
King's  hunting  lodge,  1,768  m., 
5,801  ft.  (1  hr. )  On  the  way  a  fine 
waterfall  is  seen,  while  the  mule  path 
leading  towards  the  Col  della  Valletta, 
and  Monte  Matto,  is  left  on  the 
N.  A  short  distance  beyond  the 
mule  path  splits  into  several  branches. 
One  leads  S.  over  the  Col  de  Frema- 
morta  (see  last  Rte.),  a  second 
S.  W.  over  the  Col  delle  Portette  (both 
passes  giving  access  to  the  Mollieres 
glen),  while  a  third  mounts  N.W. 
towards  our  pass.  A  number  of  zig- 
zags through  scattered  pines  bring 
the  traveller  to  the  lakes  of  Valscura, 
that  being  the  name  of  this  arm  of  the 
Valasco,  and  then  the  mule  path 
mounts  past  them  to  the  Col,  2,630 
m.,  8,629  ft.  (2J  hrs.  from  the  hunting 
lodge).  The  pass  is  also  called  the 
Col  de  Valasco,  or  di  Valscura,  and 
Col  des  Laus  (Lacs),  and  is  just  S.  of 
the   Tete  de  Malinvern  (2,939  m-> 


ROUTE  E.    BATHS  OF  VALDIERI  TO  THE  TINEE  VALLEY  17 


9,643  ft.),  which  is,  doubtless,  acces- 
sible hence.  (N.E.  of  it  the  rough 
Col  de  Malinvern  leads  over  to 
Vinadio,  in  the  Stura  valley. )  There 
is  a  great  cairn  on  the  Bassa. 

On  the  other  side  the  mule  path 
makes  a  great  round  to  the  S.  to  the 
Col  della  Mercera,  leading  into  the 
Mollieres  glen  (f  hr. ),  then  bends 
N.W.  and  descends  the  Ciastiglione 
glen  to  Isola.  Soon  the  mule  path 
to  Vinadio  by  the  Col  della  Lom- 
barda  strikes  away  to  the  N.W.,  and 
lower  down  (where  the  glen  bends 
S.W. )  another  branches  off  to  the 
Col  di  Sanf  Anna,  also  leading  to 
Vinadio,  while  still  further  down  the 
glen  the  footpath  to  the  Baths  of 
Vinadio  by  the  Col  di  Gtiercia  is  left 
(like  the  others)  on  the  right.  The 
lower  part  of  the  Ciastiglione  or 
Chastillon  glen  is  picturesque,  the 
frontier  being  crossed  at  the  entrance 
to  the  gorge  which  forms  its  lower 
reach.  Isola  (described  in  §  2.  Rte.  A) 
is  gained  in  hrs.  from  the  pass, 
many  chalets  having  been  passed  on 
the  way. 


Route  F. 

VALDIERI,      OR     THE      BATHS  OF 
VALDIERI,  TO  THE  STURA  VALLEY. 

The  most  convenient  way  by  which 
to  go  from  the  Gesso  valley  to  that  of 
the  Stura  is,  of  course,  to  drive  down 
to  Borgo  San  Dalmazzo,  near  the 
junction  of  the  Gesso  and  Stura 
valleys.  But  a  traveller  may  some- 
times find  it  more  in  accordance  with 
his  plans  to  cross  one  or  other  of  the 
easy  passes  which  connect  these  two 
valleys. 

The  easiest  and  shortest  is  the 
Col  della  Madonna  del  Colletto 
(1,291  m.,  4,236  ft.),  over  which  a 
mule  path  leads  in  3  hrs.  from  the 
town  of  Valdieri  to  Demonte.  There 
is  a  Sanctuary  on  the  pass,  whence 
I. 


its  name.  Thence  the  Mont  Clapier 
range  is  well  seen.  This  pass  is  much 
frequented  by  the  country  folk.  A 
steep  zigzag  road  leads  from  the 
bridge  over  the  Stura  up  to  the  flourish- 
ing little  towTn  of  Demonte. 

If  the  start  be  made  from  the  Baths 
of  Valdieri,  the  traveller  may  choose 
between  several  passes.  The  most 
direct  is  the  Col  della  Valletta 
(2,488  m.,  8,163  ft* )?  reached  from 
the  Valasco  by  the  mule  path  used 
for  the  ascent  of  the  Monte  Matto 
(Rte.  B),  which  is  joined  before  the 
pass  by  another  mounting  from  Sant? 
Anna  di  Valdieri  by  the  Meris  glen. 
The  mule  track  is  left  above  the  Lago 
Soprano  della  Sella,  the  pass  being 
rather  to  the  N.W.  On  the  other 
side  the  Lago  Soprano  della  Valletta 
is  passed,  and  the  Valletta  glen  de- 
scended to  A  isone,  in  the  Stura  valley, 
2§  m.  below  Vinadio  (7  hrs.  from  the 
Baths).  Vinadio  itself  may  be  gained 
direct  in  8-9  hrs.  from  the  Baths 
either  by  the  Passo  della  Paur, 
through  the  Valrossa,  or  by  the  Col 
de  Malinvern,  not  far  from  the  Bassa 
di  Druos  (Rte.  E)  :  the  routes  (fit 
only  for  pedestrians)  over  both  passes 
meet  in  the  Rio  Freddo  glen,  which 
is  followed  to  Vinadio  (9  hrs.  at  least 
from  the  Baths  by  either  route). 


SECTION  2. 

THE  SEAWARD  VALLEYS. 

As  noted  in  the  Introduction  to 
this  Chapter  this  section  includes 
the  description  of  the  three  valleys 
of  the  Tinee,  Var,  and  Verdon, 
all,  save  one  side  of  the  first- 
named,  now  included  in  French  ter- 
ritory. The  three  rivers  which  run 
through  them  all  flow  roughly  in  a 
southward  direction,  but,  as  has  been 
stated  above,  the  Var  is  diverted  to 
the  E.,  so  as  to  join  the  Tinee,  while 
the  Verdon  is  bent  to  the  W.  till  it 
unites  with  the  Durance.     All  three 


IS        MARITIME  ALPS,    §  2.  THE  SEAWARD  VALLEYS 


valleys  are  now  traversed  by  excellent 
carriage  roads,  which  in  the  case  of 
the  Var  and  Verdon  glens  reach  or 
cross  the  divide  to  Barcelonnette. 
Easy  passes  lead  in  the  same  direction 
from  the  head  of  the  Tinee  valley, 
which  in  many  respects  is  the  most 
interesting  region  for  the  mountaineer, 
despite  the  military  and  political  ob- 
stacles which  must  be  overcome.  Yet 
these  three  valleys,  with  the  mountain 
ranges  which  close  them  in,  still 
belong  to  one  of  the  least  known 
districts  in  the  Alps,  save,  perhaps,  to 
botanists,  who  may  there  reap  a  rich 
harvest.  Much  useful  information 
relating  to  them  is  contained  in  a 
series  of  articles  published  in  the 
13th,  14th,  15th,  1 6th,  and  17th 
'  Bulletins '  of  the  Maritime  Alps 
Section  of  the  French  Alpine  Club  ; 
see  also  chapters  24-26  of  vol.  xii. 
of  M.  Ardouin-Dumazet's  4  Voyage 
en  France,'  already  mentioned.  Now 
that  an  observatory  has  been  con- 
structed on  the  Mont  Mounter  that 
fine  point  of  view  will  become  better 
known,  especially  as  it  is  easily  ac- 
cessible even  on  mule-back. 


Route  A. 

NICE  TO  BARCELONNETTE    BY  THE 
VALLEY  OF  THE  TINEE. 

Railway  to  La  Tine'e  (18  m.)  ;  carriage 
road  to  St.  Etienne  (37  m.)  ;  thence 
mule  or  foot  paths. 

Unlike  the  Var  and  the  Verdon, 
whose  general  course  is  serpentine, 
the  Tinee  flows  for  many  miles  in  a 
nearly  straight  channel  a  little  E.  of 
S.  The  upper  portion  of  the  valley 
runs  parallel  to  the  great  mass  of 
metamorphic  rock  (gneiss,  mica- 
schist,  &c. )  which  extends  from  the 
Mont  Enchastraye  nearly  to  the  Col 
de  Tenda.  In  the  southern  part  of 
its  course,  between  St.  Sauveur  and 
its  junction  with  the  Var,  the  Tinee 


traverses  a  succession  of  conglomerates, 
more  or  less  altered  limestones,  and 
schistose  argillaceous  rocks,  referred 
by  geologists  to  the  Lias,  Jura  lime- 
stones and  the  inferior  members  of 
the  Cretaceous  series.  The  valley  is 
very  deeply  cut  into  these  strata,  so 
that  the  villages  which  occur  at  ex- 
tremely long  intervals  are,  with  the 
exception  of  St.  Sauveur,  Isola,  and 
St.  Etienne  (all  of  which  stand  at  the 
union  of  a  lateral  torrent  with  the 
Tinee),  perched  on  the  steep  mountain 
slope. 

Since  the  opening  some  years  ago 
of  the  narrow-gauge  4  Chemin  de  Fer 
du  Sud  '  from  Nice  to  Puget 
Theniers  (later  to  be  extended  to- 
wards St.  Andre)  it  is  in  every  way 
better  for  a  traveller  to  make  use  of 
it,  so  as  to  escape  the  first  hot  rise 
from  the  sea  level.  It  is  remarkable 
for  its  17  viaducts  and  9  tunnels. 

On  leaving  Nice  the  line  runs  W. 
across  some  low  ridges  till,  at  the 
station  of  St.  Isidore  (4  m.),  it  gains 
the  valley  of  the  Var,  which  it  hence- 
forth follows  to  Puget  Theniers.  At 
Colomars  (4  m. )  the  line  to  Grasse 
branches  off  to  the  left,  and  5  m. 
further  is  St.  Martin  du  Var,  at  the 
junction  of  the  Esteron  with  the  Var. 
In  2J-  m.  the  station  of  Vesubie  is 
reached  at  the  union  of  that  stream 
with  the  Var  (for  the  route  hence  to 
St.  Martin  Vesubie  see  §  1.  Rte.  C. 
and  another  2|  m.  (18  m.  from 
Nice)  brings  the  traveller  to  the  Tinee 
station,  about  half-way  between  Nice 
and  Puget  Theniers,  and  not  far  from 
the  junction  of  the  Tinee  with  the 
Var.  Here  travellers  leave  the  train 
(rather  than  at  La  Mescla,  2  m. 
on,  at  the  actual  junction  of  the  two 
rivers)  for  the  high  road  up  the  Tinee 
valley  (37  m.)  to  St.  Etienne.  Dili- 
gences traverse  the  whole  distance  in 
about  10  hrs. ,  a  private  carriage  taking 
8  hrs. ,  as  the  rise  is  very  considerable. 

From  La  Mescla  the  road  mounts 
through  a  succession  of  fine  gorges,  a 
branch  road  (2  m.  from  La  Mescla) 
leading  up  by  many  zigzags  to  the 
prettily  situated  village  of  Clans,  above 


ROUTE  A.    THE  VALLEY  OF  THE  TINEE 


19 


a  side  valley,  through  which  a  torrent 
descends  from  the  Tournairet,  on  the 
S.  of  St.  Martin  Vesubie.  Soon  after, 
another  side  road  mounts  to  Marie, 
with  a  picturesque  church  spire,  and 
then  the  carriage  road  from  Valde- 
blore  (§  1.  Rte.  C)  falls  in.  The 
rocks  for  3  m.  below  St.  Sauveur  are 
of  a  deep  violet  hue,  turning  sometimes 
to  purple  and  carmine  ;  the  schist  slabs 
are  very  rotten,  and  many  falls  on  to 
the  road  have  taken  place,  with  some 
fatal  accidents,  so  that  after  heavy 
rains  this  portion  of  the  route  is  not 
very  safe.  On  the  mountain  spur 
between  the  Bramafam  glen,  leading 
up  to  Valdeblore,  and  the  Tinee 
stands  Rimplas,  the  path  from  which 
joins  the  high  road  a  little  before  the 
latter  reaches 

St.  Sauveur  (18  m.  from  La 
Mescla),  the  first  village  actually  in 
the  valley  of  the  Tinee  which  is  on 
the  high  road,  and  so  a  place  of  some 
commercial  importance. 

[Here  the  Roubion  torrent  joins 
the  Tinee,  and  through  the  fine 
gorges  of  that  glen  it  is  easy  to  gain 
on  foot  or  on  mule-back  in  6-7  hrs. 
the  splendid  belvedere  of  the  Mont 
Momiier  (2,818  m.,  9,246  ft.)  :  it  is 
also  accessible  from  Isola  on  the 
N.E.,  and  from  Peone  on  the  S.W. , 
and  is  more  fully  described  in  the 
next  Rte.,  as  the  new  mule  path 
from  Beuil  on  the  S.  is  now  the 
favourite  mode  of  approach.] 

The  road  then  enters  a  deep  gorge, 
and  after  passing  (4  m. )  the  mouth 
of  the  Mollieres  glen  (for  the  routes 
through  it  to  St.  Martin  Vesubie,  and 
the  Baths  of  Valdieri,  see  §  1.  Rte.  D), 
forms,  with  the  Tinee,  the  frontier 
between  France  and  Italy.  About 
9  m.  from  St.  Sauveur  is 

Isola  (882  m.,  2,894  ft.),  most 
picturesquely  situated  at  the  foot  of  a 
high  rock  wall,  in  the  midst  of  fine 
chestnut  trees,  and  with  pretty  water- 
falls on  every  side,  that  of  the  Louch, 
to  the  S. ,  being  the  most  remarkable. 
At  the  end  of  the  Tinee  valley  is  seen 
the  Bonnet  Carre,  described  below. 
Isola  is  already  frequented  by  tourists, 


'  though  for  mountaineers  St.  Etienne 
is  better  situated. 

[N.E.   of  Isola   the  Ciastiglione 
or  Chastilion  glen  joins  the  Tinee. 
The  passes  through  it  to  the  Baths 
of  Valdieri,  and  the  Mollieres  glen, 
!  have  been  noticed  in  §  1.  Rte.  E. 
I   Over  the  range  on  its  N.  or  right 
side  several  passes  lead  towards  the 
Stura  valley.    The  most  frequented 
i   of   these   is    the    Col   di  Guercia 
j   (2,451    m.,    8,042   ft.),    by  which 
Vinadio  is  gained  by  a  footpath  in 
8-9  hrs.  past  the  Baths  of  Vinadio. 
j   Higher  up  the  valley  is  the  Col  di 
\   Sail?  Anna  (2,318  m.,  7,605  ft.), 
;   over  which  a  frequented  mule  track 
i   gives   access   to   the   Sanctua7-y  of 
San?  Anna,  rebuilt   after  a  great 
1   fire   in    1888    (4  hrs.   from  Isola), 
which  is  about  2  hrs.  above  Vinadio. 
Many  paths  branch  from  the  Sanc- 
:   tuary  in  every  direction,  one  of  which, 
:  a  mule  path,  gives  access  in  3  hrs. 
!   by  the  Col  de  Bravaria  to  the  Baths  of 
'   Vinadio.    Near  the  head  of  the  Cias- 
tiglione  glen  a  mule  path  leads  over 
the  Col  delta  Lombarda  (2,395  m., 
7,858  ft.)  to  the  Sanctuary,  but  this 
route  is  most  convenient  for  a  traveller 
j   coming  from  the  Baths  of  Valdieri 
!   over  the  Bassa  di  Druos. 

S.W.  of  Isola  is  the  Mont  Monnier, 
,   already  mentioned.    It  is  best  reached 
!  from  Isola  either  by  the  Col  de  la 
Vallette  and  the  hamlet  of  Vtgnols 
■    (6  hrs.),  or  by  mounting  in  3  hrs. 
j   through  the  fine  Roja  gorge — which 
I  joins  the  Tinee  half-way  between  Isola 
and  St.  Etienne,  and  is  on  the  way  to 
I   Guillaumes  by  the  Col  de  Crous  (see 
j   next  Rte.) — to  the  hamlet  of  Roja 
j   (1,475  m.,  4,839  ft.),  from  which  it 
j   is  an  easy  3!  hrs.  to  the  top  by  the 
1   Sellavieille  glen  and   the  easy  W, 
slope.    Rough  direct  descents,  not 
recommended,  may  be  made  from 
the  summit  to  Isola  due  N.  by  the 
Col  de  Gipes  and  the  Burenta  glen, 
or  N.E.  by  the  Varelios  and  Inferne 
glens.] 

The  Tinee  valley  between  Isola 
and  St.  Etienne  presents  a  series  of 
steep  and  bare  mountain  slopes,  torn 
C  2 


MARITIME  ALPS.    §  2.  THE  SEAWARD  VALLEYS 


by  the  rain-swollen  torrents  on  either 
side,  and  is  diversified  by  only  a  few- 
green  and  fresh  oases.  The  Roja 
glen  is  the  only  one  of  any  size. 
Soon  after  passing  its  mouth  the 
mule  track  from  Vinadio  over  the 
Passo  di  Collalunga,  2,600  m. , 
8,531  ft.  (8  hrs.),  joins  the  high  road. 
Nearly  8  m.  from  Isola  is 

St.  Etienne  de  Tinee  (1,141  m. , 
3,744  ft.),  a  small  and  very  ancient 
town,  with  a  large  modern  parish 
church,  a  splendid  house,  formerly 
belonging  to  the  Knights  of  the 
Temple,  and  an  old  Trinitarian  con- 
vent, in  a  picturesque  position,  and 
containing  a  chapel  with  good  carv- 
ings in  wood,  and  some  frescoes, 
now  much  injured  by  damp.  It  is 
the  best  quarters  for  a  mountaineer 
in  the  Tinee  valley.  While  the 
range  to  the  N.W.  is  altogether 
composed  of  gneiss,  the  mountains 
on  the  opposite  side  of  the  Tinee 
show  a  succession  of  newer  strata 
from  the  Lias  to  the  nummulitic 
limestone. 

[To  the  N.E.  are  several  of  the 
higher  summits  of  the  Maritime  Alps. 
The  Mont  Tinibras  (also  called 
Tenibres),  3,032  m.,  9,948  ft.,  was 
ascended  from  here  in  1865  by  Count 
Paul  de  St.  Robert,  but  had  been 
previously  ascended  in  1835  by  the 
Sardinian  engineers.  It  is  best 
climbed  (4J  hrs.)  by  way  of  the 
Tinibras  lakes — whence  the  Passo 
della  Ciazisa,  properly  the  Pas  de  la 
Lausaor  du  Piz  (2,900  m.,  9,515  ft.), 
leads  over  to  the  Stura  valley — and 
the  S.W.  rock  ridge.  The  view  is 
very  fine,  taking  in  Monte  Rosa  and  a 
small  bit  of  the  sea.  The  return  to  St. 
Etienne  may  be  made  by  the  Lac  Fero 
and  the  (now  dried  up)  Lac  Petrus, 
but  it  is  a  rough  way.  A  better  route 
is  to  go  down  by  a  long  couloir  of 
debris  to  the  considerable  Rabiwns 
lake,  and  to  follow  that  glen  to  the 
Tinee  valley.  A  party  approaching 
the  peak  from  the  Italian  side  should 
go  from  Vinadio  to  the  Col  du 
Vallonet  (2,975  m-j  9>76i  ft.),  on 
its  N.W.    From  the  large  Rabuons 


lake,  2J-3  hrs.  from  St.  Etienne — 
which  is  worth  a  visit  in  itself,  and 
for  the  sake  of  the  splendid  waterfall 
formed  by  the  torrent  flowing  from 
it — the  ascent  may  be  made  in  about 
2  hrs.  of  the  Grand  Chignon  (or 
Simon)  de  Rabuons,  or  Becco  Alto 
delP  Lschiator  (3,000  m. ,  9,843  ft.), 
a  fine  rock  tower,  or  of  the  Cima 
della  Rocca  Rossa  (3,000  m.,  9,843 
ft.),  between  it  and  the  Tinibras. 
Both  summits  are  more  difficult  of 
access  on  the  Italian  side,  while  it  is 
easy  to  go  from  the  former  to  the 
Tinibras  by  way  of  the  smaller  and 
upper  Rabuons  lakes  and  the  N.E. 
ridge  of  the  Tinibras.  S.  of  the 
Becco  is  the  rough  Passo  delP  Lschia- 
tor, leading  to  the  Baths  of  Vinadio, 
while  some  way  below  St.  Etienne 
the  mule  path  over  the  Passo  di  Col- 
lalunga  leads  in  the  same  direction. 
From  the  former  pass  the  Cima  di 
Corborant,  or  Ctme  de  Cialancias 
(3,011  m. ,  9,879  ft.),  is  accessible  in 
J  hr.  by  its  N.  rocky  face.] 

In  less  than  1  hr.  above  St. 
Etienne  the  Tinee  valley  divides  into 
two  branches,  by  either  of  which  the 
traveller  may  pass  into  Provence. 
The  good  mule  path  runs  through 
woods  high  above  a  very  picturesque 
narrow  gorge  to  the  stone  Pont  Haut, 
thrown  across  it  at  the  bifurcation. 

(a)  That  to  the  W7.  leads  in  I  hr. 
by  a  mule  path  to  the  hamlet  of 
St.  D almas  sur  Tinee  (formerly  <  Le 
Sauvage '  or  'Selvage'),  1,494  m-5 
4,902  ft.,  charmingly  placed  amidst 
trees,  with  the  stream  roaring  beneath 
in  a  narrow  gorge.  (It  may  also  be 
reached  in  if  hr.  from  St.  Etienne 
over  the  low  Col  d'Anelle.)  This 
village  is  built  at  the  junction  of 
the  Jailor gnes  and  Sestrieres  glens. 
Through  the  former  (very  pretty  and 
famed  for  its  flora)  the  Col  de  Jal- 
lorgues  (2,529  m.,  8,298  ft.)  leads 
over,  in  5  hrs.,  to  Esteng,  at  the  very 
head  of  the  Var  valley,  the  more 
direct  way  from  St.  Etienne  to  the 
lower  part  of  that  valley  (see  next 
Rte. )  being  by  the  Col  de  Pal 
(2,218  m.,  7,277  ft.),  6  hrs.  from  St. 


ROUTE  A.    THE  VALLEY  OF  THE  TINEE 


21 


Etienne  to  Guillaumes,  less  to  En- 
traunes.  At  the  head  of  the  wild 
Sestrieres  glen  is  the  Col  de  la 
Monti  ere,  or  de  Planton  (2,446  m., 
8,025  ft.),  3  hrs.  from  St.  Dalmas,  a 
very  easy  grass  pass  (foot  path  only), 
by  which  the  Bachelard  or  Fours 
valley  is  attained  at  Bayasse,  and 
therein  the  routes  from  the  Cols  de  la 
Cayolle  (Rte.  B)  and  d'Allos  (Rte.  C), 
both  bringing  the  traveller  to  Bar- 
celonnette. 

(b)  The  main  valley  of  the  Tinee, 
however,  continues  from  the  Pont 
Haut  by  the  N.  branch.  In  ^  hr.  by 
the  mule  path  the  bridge  over  the 
Vens  torrent  is  reached. 

[Hence  the  fine  Vens  waterfall  and 
lakes  may  be  visited  in  if  hr. ,  and 
the  Col-  du  Fer  (2,550  m.,  8,366  ft.) 
reached  in  f  hr.  more  :  it  is  the  direct 
way  from  the  Tinee  valley  to  Ber- 
zesio,  in  the  Stura  valley.] 

Another  \  hr.  brings  the  traveller 
to  Le  Pra,  a  small  hamlet  at  which 
the  main  valley  forks  once  more. 

The  N.  branch  leads  in  f  hr.  to  the 
Salsa  Morena  huts  (a  favourite  resort 
of  botanists),  whence  a  mule  track 
over  the  Col  de  Pouri'iac,  2,506  m., 
8,222  ft.  (s|  hrs.  from  St.  Etienne) 
leads  to  Argent  era,  the  highest  vil- 
lage in  the  Stura  valley  :  from  this 
pass  the  Mont  Enchastraye  (2,955  m., 
9,695  ft.)  is  accessible  in  \\  hr.,  as 
well  as  from  the  true  Col  du  Lau- 
zanier,  or  de  V Enchastraye  (2,656  m. , 
8,714  ft.),  at  its  N.  foot,  while  the 
Roc  her  des  Trots  Eve  que  s  (2,862  m., 
9,390  ft.),  the  topographical  import- 
ance of  which  has  been  pointed  out 
in  the  Introduction  to  this  Chapter, 
may  be  easily  reached  in  40  min. 
from  the  Pas  de  la  Cavale  by  skirting 
a  ravine  under  the  first  peak.  S.W. 
of  the  last-named  summit  is  the  Pas 
de  la  Cavale,  or  Pas  de  la  Mule 
(2,671  m. ,  8,763  ft.),  a  rough  pass 
by  which  Larche  is  gained  in  6-7 
hrs.  from  St.  Etienne.  S.W.  again 
of  this  pass  is  the  striking  and  | 
characteristic  point  known  as  the  j 
Bonnet  Carre  (2,868  m.,  9,410  ft.),  I 
and  popularly  called  the  Chapeau  de  \ 


V  Eve  que,  from  its  form  ;  it  is  best 
reached  from  the  Pas  de  la  Cavale  by 
easy  rocks,  or  in  I  hr.  from  the  Col 
des  Fourches  (2,242  m.,  7,356  ft.), 
which  crosses  in  about  1  hr.  the  spur 
dividing  the  Salsa  Morena  glen  from 
that  of  Bousiejas. 

The  hamlet  of  Bousiejas  (c.  1,900 
m.,  6,234  ft.),  in  the  W.  branch,  and 
a  short  hour  by  mule  path  above  Le 
Pra,  is  notorious  for  its  charnel-house, 
100  m.  (328  ft. )  above  the  village,  and 
used  till  1893  as  the  common  burial 
place  of  all  the  inhabitants  of  the 
hamlet.  N.W.  of  the  hamlet,  and 
\\  hr.  from  it,  is  the  Col  des  Granges 
Communes,  de  Pelouse,  or  de  Ver- 
milion (2,512  m.,  8,242  ft.)  This 
pass  is  traversed  by  a  mule  path  in 
bad  repair,  and  is  the  easiest  and  most 
direct  way  from  St.  Etienne  to  the 
Ubaye  valley,  reached  (7-8  hrs.  from 
St.  Etienne)  at  Jausiers,  6  m.  by 
high  road  from  Ba?xelonnette  (§  3, 
Rte.  A). 


Route  B. 

NICE  TO  BARCELONNETTE  BY  THE 
VALLEY  OF  THE  VAR. 

Railway  to  Puget  Th&iiers  (37  m.)  ; 
carriage  road  and  good  mule  trace 
thence  (57  m.) 

From  the  junction  of  the  Var  ana 
Tinee  at  La  Mescla  (see  last  Rte.) 
the  first-named  stream  preserves  a 
nearly  straight  direction  from  W.  to 
E.  for  about  25  miles,  flowing  parallel 
to  the  general  strike  of  the  strata 
through  a  narrow  defile  which  it  has 
excavated  in  the  Cretaceous  and  num- 
mulitic  rocks.  The  railway  is  now 
open  to  Puget  Theniers,  but  is  soon 
to  be  extended  to  Annot,  on  the 
Vaire,  and  later  to  St.  Andre  de 
Meouilles. 

The  line  from  Nice  to  La  Mescla 
(20  m. )  has  been  described  in  the 
last  Route.    The  valley  gradually  be- 


MARITIME  ALPS.    §  2.  THE  SEAWARD  VALLEYS 


comes  wider  before  the  station  of 
AJalaussene  (24  m.)  is  reached. 

£Hence  a  good  path  leads  in  3  hrs.  j 
to  the  Col  de  Vial,  whence  I  hr.  more 
by  rocks  is  required  to  gain  the  sum- 
mit  of  the  Mont  Vial  (1,551  m. , 
5,089  ft.),  on  the  S.E.  This  point  is 
nearly  isolated  in  the  centre  of  the  : 
Department  of  the  Maritime  Alps, 
arid  commands  a  very  fine  view  of  the 
peaks  and  valleys  of  that  chain.  The 
descent  may  be  made  in  2  hrs.  down 
the  S.E.  slope  past  Revest  and 
Gilette  to  the  Pent  Charles  Albert 
station,  14  m.  from  Nice.  J 

Six  miles  beyond  Malaussene  is  the 
station  of  Touet  de  Benil  (30  m.),  a 
village  picturesquely  perched  on  the 
side  of  a  rocky  wall, 

[This  is  the  best  starting  point  1 
for  the  ascent  of  the  panoramic  Mont 
Monnier  (2,818  m.,  9,246  ft.)  A 
wonderful  new  carriage  road,  in  many 
places  cut  out  in  the  living  rock, 
mounts  through  the  magnificent  red 
defiles  of  Cians  in  16  m.  —  5  hrs.  by  j 
carriage — from  Touet  de  Beuil  to  the 
village  of  Beuil  (1,454  m.,  4,771  ft.), 
at  the  S.  foot  of  the  Monnier.  It  is 
overlooked  by  the  ruined  castle  of  the 
powerful  Grimalci  family,  through 
whom  the  county  of  Nice  came  to  the 
House  of  Savoy,  of  which  the  Counts 
of  Beuil  were  alternately  allies  and 
foes.  Their  power  was  so  consider- 
able that  it  was  said  of  one  of  them  : 

'  Io  son  conte  di  Boglio, 
Che  faccio  quel  che  voglio,' 

From  Beuil  the  newly  constructed 
mule  path  leads  the  traveller  with- 
out any  .difficulty  in  3  hrs.  to  the 
summit  of  the  Monnier  (sometimes 
erroneously  called  Monnier,  but  the 
name  really  comes  from  '  Mont  Noir,' 
owing  to  the  black  soil  of  which  it  is 
composed),  The  prospect  extends 
from  the  Viso  and  the  great  peaks  of  1 
Dauphine  to  the  sea.  In  1893  M< 
Bischoftsheim,  the  founder  of  the 
Observatory  at  Nice,  built  another 
Observatory  on  the  Monnier,  the  spot 
chosen  being  on  the  minor  summit 
(2,760  m.,  9,055  ft,),  to  the  S.W,  of  | 


and  about  J  hr.  from  the  sharp 
highest  point.  Travellers  should  be 
informed  that  the  small  house  near 
the  Observatory  is  reserved  for  the 
staff  of  the  Observatory,  unless  special 
permission  is  obtained  from  the 
Director.  Easy  mule  paths  lead  from 
Beuil  in  2\  hrs.  to  St.  Sauveur — for 
the  routes  up  the  Monnier  thence  and 
from  Isola  see  last  Route — and  in 
2  hrs.  to  Peone  (whence  the  ascent 
is  easy,  though  longer  than  from 
Beuil),  which  is  l\  hr.  by  a  carriage 
road  above  Guillaumes.  J 

The  railway  passes  by  the  station 
of  Cians,  I  mile  from  Touet,  at  the 
entrance  of  the  gorges  of  that  name, 
and  continues  to  run  through  the 
valley  of  the  Var,  which  becomes 
quite  broad  before  arriving  at  (37  m. 
from  Nice) 

Puget  Theniers  (559  m.,  1,834 
ft.),  a  small  walled  town,  which 
in  1388  came  into  the  posses- 
sion of  the  House  of  Savoy.  It  is 
the  present  terminus  of  the  railway; 
Hence  there  is  a  direct  route  (only 
partly  a  carriage  road)  over  the  Col 
de  la  Roua  to  Guillaumes,  but  most 
travellers  will  prefer  to  follow  the 
main  road  from  Puget  Theniers  to- 
wards Digne  by  the  strongly  fortified 
town  of  Entrevaicx  (4  m.),  passing 
half-way  into  Provence  or  the 
Department  of  the  Basses  Alpes, 
to  the  bridge  of  Gueyda?i  over  the 
Var  (4  rn.  ;  for  the  road  onwards  to 
Annot  and  St.  Andre  de  Meouilles 
see  next  Rte. ),  near  its  junction  with 
the  Coulomp.  There  is  a  service  of 
diligences  thrice  a  day  between  Puget 
Theniers  and  Guillaumes  in  4J  hrs. 

At  this  bridge  the  Var  makes  a 
rapid  bend,  now  flowing  from  theN.E. 
A  narrow  defile  is  traversed  by  the  fine 
new  road,  and  then  a  series  of  small 
basins,  each  connected  with  the  other 
by  a  deep  gorge.  But  it  is  beyond 
Dahiis  that  the  most  striking  gorge 
occurs,  enclosed  between  friable,  ver- 
tical rocks  of  a  deep  carmine  hue, 
through  which  the  new  road  threads  its 
way  by  means  of  many  tunnels  and 
cuttings,    In  12  m.  from  the  Pont  de 


ROUTE  B.    THE  VALLEY  OF  THE  VAR 


23 


Gueydan  the  traveller  attains  Guil- 
laumes, dominated  by  a  ruined  castle. 
The  valley  here  broadens  for  a  little 
while. 

[To  the  N.  E.  a  char  road  leads  up 
in  4  m.  to  Peone^  a  mining  hamlet 
clinging  to  a  great  rock,  and  in  a 
desolate  position.  Hence  Beuil  may 
be  gained  by  a  mule  track  in  2\  hrs. , 
or  the  Mont  Mannier  in  5  hrs., 
while  due  N.  the  Col  de  Crous 
(2,206  m.,  7,238  ft.)  leads  in  6  hrs. 
from  Peone  by  the  Rojaglen  either  to 
St.  Etienne,  or  to  Isola,  in  the  Tinee 
valley.  To  the  N.  of  Guillaumes  the 
Col  de  Pal  (2,218  m.,  7,277  ft.)  leads 
direct  to  St.  Etienne.] 

Above  Guillaumes  the  Var  valley 
bends  slightly  to  the  N.W.,  and  a 
grand  view  of  the  three  gaunt  and 
riven  Aiguilles  de  Pelens  (2,685  m-> 
8,809  ft.)  (as  yet  untrodden  by  the 
foot  of  man)  is  gained  before  attain- 
ing (7  m.)  the  village  of  St.  Martin 
d^Entraunes  (1,055  m*>  3>4-6i  ft.), 
prettily  situated  in  park-like  scenery, 
and  shaded  by  fine  chestnuts.  On  the 
E.  the  Colde  Pal (2,218  m.,  7,277  ft.) 
leads  over  to  St.  Etienne  (6  hrs.), 
and  on  the  W.  a  carriage  road  runs  in 
5  hrs.  over  the  Col  des  Champs 
(2,191  m.,  7,189  ft)  to  Colmars,  in 
the  Verdon  valley  (see  next  Rte. ) 
Four  miles  higher  up  the  valley  is  En- 
tratines  (1,280  m.,  4,200  ft.),  amid 
thoroughly  Alpine  scenery. 

A  fresh  series  of  gorges,  in  which 
larches  gradually  make  their  appear- 
ance, lead  up  to  Esteng,  1,780  m., 
5,840  ft.  (4  m.),  the  highest  hamlet 
in  the  Var  valley,  and  in  a  picturesque 
position,  I  m.  below  the  Sources  of 
the  Var,  which  may  be  visited  on  the 
way  over  the  Col  de  la  Cayolle.  The 
Col  de  Jallorgues  (5  hrs.)  hence  to 
St.  Dalmas  was  noticed  in  the  last 
Rte.  The  Pas  de  Lausson  (2,609  m., 
8,560  ft.),  on  the  W.  (2  hrs.  up  from 
the  Laus  '  maison  forestiere '),  gives 
access  in  2  hrs.  to  the  Lac  d'Allos 
(see  next  Rte.),  the  Mont  Pelat 
(3,053  m. ,  10,017  ft-)  being  acces- 
sible in  2  hrs.  from  the  Pas  :  the 
return  from  the  peak  to  Esteng  may 


be  made  (in  2fhrs.)  by  the  easier 
Col  de  la  Petite  Cayolle ,  2,643  m-> 
8,672  ft.    (2   hrs.    from   the  Laus 

1  maison  forestiere  ').  The  last-named 
pass  is  J  hr.  above  the  lakes  in  the 
broad  opening  of  the  Col  de  la 
Cayolle  (2,352  m.,  7,717  ft.),  which 
is  a  short  hour  from  Esteng.  Here 
the  Viso  comes  into  sight.  This  pass 
is  destined  since  the  scheme  for 
the  new  carriage  road  across  it  to  be 
the  main  means  of  communication 
between  Nice  and  Barcelonnette,  as 

!  it  was  already  much  frequented  by 
foot  passengers,  and  is  very  direct. 
E.  of  it  the  wide  glen  of  Sangui- 
niere  leads  over  by  the  pass  of  that 
name  to  the  Fours  valley,  or  by  com- 
bining it  with  the  Col  de  la  Braisse 
St.  Dalmas  sur  Tinee  may  be  gained. 
The  good  mule  track  descends  the 

I  BacTielard  glen  to  Bayasse,  15  m. 
from  Entraunes  (hence  the  Vente- 
brun,  2,873  m->  9>426  ft.,  on  the  N., 
is  accessible  in  3-4  hrs.  by  the  Julien 
glen  and  the  N.  face),  at  the  junction 
of  the  track  from  St.  Etienne  and  St. 
Dalmas  by  the  Col  de  la  Moutiere 
{see  last  Rte.)  The  path  then  bends 
W.  with  the  valley,  and  passes  along 

j  its  right  side  through  the  many  ham- 
lets which  make  up  the  commune  of 
Fours. 

[From  that  of  Les  Mam-els  Alios 
I  may  be  gained  in  5  hrs.  by  the  Col 
du   Talon  (2,387  m.,  7,832  ft.),  or 
Barcelonnette  in  4  hrs.  by  the  Col  de 
I   Fours  (2,319  m.,  7,609  ft.),  the  latter 
!   traversed  by  a  mule  path.    E.  of  the 
!   former  pass  is  the  rarely  visited  sum- 
mit of  Le  Cimet  (3,022  m.,  9,915  ft. ), 
which  may  be  ascended  in  3-4  hrs. 
from  the  ■*  maison  forestiere '  of  Talon, 
which  is  in  the  Bouchiers  glen,  and 

2  hrs.  from  Alios.  J 

The  path  crosses  to  the  left  bank 
opposite  La  Malum ,  where  it  be- 
comes a  carriage  road,  recrosses 
at  Uvernet  (9  m.  from  Bayasse),  and 
1  m.  further  joins  the  road  from  Alios 
by  the  Col  d'Allos  (see  next  Rte.), 
reaching  Barcelonnette  (§  3.  Rte.  A) 
in  1  m.  more  (94  m.  from  Nice). 


MARITIME  ALPS.    2.  THE  SEAWARD  VALLEYS 


Route  C. 

NICE    TO    BARCELONNETTE  BY  THE 
VALLEY  OF  THE  VERDON. 

Railway  to  Puget  Th^niers  (37  m.)  ; 
thence  carriage  road. 

The  upper  valley  of  the  Verdon 
forms  the  W.  limit  of  the  Maritime 
Alps  as  described  in  this  work.  But 
to  mountaineers,  as  to  geologists,  and 
to  botanists,  who  may  reap  a  rich 
harvest  in  this  little-known  district, 
it  is  only  the  head  of  this  valley  that 
presents  any  great  interest,  particu- 
larly the  environs  of  Alios,  6  m.  by 
high  road  above  the  small  fortified 
town  of  Colmars  ( 1 , 259  m. ,  4,131  ft. ), 
and  22  m.  from  Barcelonnette. 

There  are  at  least  three  ways 
of  going  from  Nice  to  Colmars,  the 
first  being  the  most  roundabout,  while 
the  second  is  to  be  preferred  to  the 
third  (the  most  direct)  only  by  those 
who  have  not  yet  seen  the  upper  valley 
of  the  Var. 

(a)  By  Puget  Thenieis  and  St. 
Andre  de  Meouilles. — The  route  to- 
wards Digne,  described  in  the  last 
Rte. ,  is  followed  for  4  m.  from  the 
Pont  de  Gueydan  to  Les  Caffa?'els  (a 
little  above  the  junction  of  the  Vaire 
with  the  Coulomp),  and  for  17  m. 
further  towards  Digne  as  far  as  St. 
Andre  de  Meottilles,  on  the  Verdon 
itself  (St.  Andre  is  27  m.  by  a  narrow- 
gauge  railway  from  Digne,  the  capital 
of  the  Department  of  the  Basses 
Alpes).  The  course  of  the  Verdon  is 
thence  followed  in  a  northerly  direc- 
tion by  a  good  carriage  road  past 
Thorame  Haute  to  Colmars,  20  m. 
from  St.  Andre,  or  86  m.  from  Nice. 

(b)  By  Annot  a?id  La  Co  lie  St. 
Michel.  — This  route  branches  off  from 
a  at  Les  Caffarels  (see  above).  It  is 
1  m.  further  to  Annot ,  whence  the 
road  mounts  along  the  Vaire,  and 
then  to  (8  m.)  the  hamlet  of  La  Colle 
St.  Michel  (1,506  m. „  4,941  ft.), 
perched  on  the  crest  of  the  ridge  be- 
tween the  Vaire  and  Verdon  valleys. 


The  descent  on  the  other  side  leads 
to  the  road  between  St.  Andre  de 
Meouilles  and  Thorame  Haute,  at  a 
point  5  m.  below  the  latter  place. 
By  this  route  Colmars  is  73  m.  from 
Nice. 

(c)  By  Ent ratines  and  the  Col  des 

Champs  This  way  was  noticed  in 

the  last  Rte. 

Alios  (1,425  m.,  4,675  ft.)  is  a 
large  village  (formerly  a  Gaulish  hill 
fort)  at  the  end  of  a  long  tongue  of 
land  running  down  to  the  Verdon. 
Near  it  there  is  the  curious  twelfth- 
century  church  of  N.D.  de  Valvert, 
well  worth  a  visit. 

[Alios  is  admirably  situated  as  a 
centre  whence  to  make  many  pleasant 
excursions  and  ascents,  but  it  is  as 
yet  hardly  known  to  tourists  of  any 
nationality.  Lately  the  Forest  admi- 
nistration has  built  4  maisons  fores- 
tieres'  (all  between  1,900  m., 
6,234  ft.,  or  2,000  m.,  6,562  ft.), 
connected  with  each  other  by  mule 
paths,  in  various  spots  near  Alios, 
such  as  Lausy  -J  hr.  from  the  Lac 
d'Allos,  Talon  in  the  Bouchiers  glen 
(2  hrs.  from  Alios),  Preinier  (ij  hr. 
from  Alios),  and  Valdemar  (2§  hrs. 
from  Alios)  ;  a  mule  path  leads  up  to 
each,  and  it  is  easy  to  obtain  permis- 
sion to  sleep  in  these  houses,  which 
are  very  convenient  for  travellers 
wishing  to  make  excursions  or  ascents 
in  the  neighbourhood  of  Alios.  The 
highest  summit  in  the  range  on  the 
W.  (which  separates  it  from  the 
Bleone  glen,  by  which  Digne  is  easily 
reached  over  the  mountains  from  the 
Ubaye  valley)  is  the  Trois  Eveches 
(2,927  m.,  9,603  ft.),  W.  of  the 
watershed,  but  accessible  in  5  hrs. 
from  Laverq,  on  the  N.,  in  the  Him 
de  la  Blanche  glen,  so  that  it  can 
be  taken  on  the  way  from  Barcelon- 
nette to  Digne  by  Mariaud,  but  the 
direct  descent  to  the  head  of  the 
Bleone  glen  is  difficult.  The  Mourre 
Gros  (2,652  m.,  8,701  ft.),  more  to 
the  S.,  is  an  agreeable  excursion 
(5  hrs.)  by  way  of  the  4maison  fores - 
tiere '  of  Valdemar.  But  most 
travellers,  who  find  their  way  to  Alios 


ROUTE  C.    THE  VALLEY  OF  THE  VERDON  25 


do  so,  whether  as  botanists  or  as 
admirers  of  the  beauties  of  nature,  in 
order  to  visit  the  Lac  d'Allos,  on  the 
E.,  and  reached  in  2  hrs.  by  a  fair 
mule  path  up  a  rather  dreary  glen. 
This  lake  is  situated  at  a  height  of 
2,173  m.  (7,130  ft.),  in  a  stony  de- 
pression, surrounded  on  all  sides  by 
low  ridges  of  crumbling  rock.  There 
are  two  boats  on  the  lake,  and  a 
<  maison  forestiere  '  not  far  from  it.  S. 
of  it  rises  the  Grandes  Tours  ( 2, 745  m. , 
9,006  ft.,  accessible  hence  in  2  hrs. 
with  a  little  trouble),  and  the  Tete  de 
Valplane>  2,626  m.,  8,616  ft.  (2  hrs. 
from  the  lake,  or  4  hrs.  direct  from 
Alios  by  the  Valplane  glen),  while 
W.  of  the  latter  point  is  Roche  Cline 
(2,418  m.,  7,933  ft.,  5  hrs.  from 
Alios,  and  very  accessible  direct  from 
the  lake).  2  m.  to  the  N.,  but 
separated  from  the  lake  by  a  deep 
hollow,  is  the  Mont  Pelat  (3,053  m., 
10,017  ft.),  the  highest  summit  in  the 
Maritime  Alps  W.  of  the  Tinee 
valley.  The  lake  is  remarkable  for 
its  size  (155  acres),  which  is  greater 
than  that  of  any  other  lake  in  the 
Maritime  Alps,  and,  it  is  said,  is  ex- 
celled by  but  few  Alpine  lakes  in  the 
entire  chain  of  the  Alps,  for  its  depth 
(50  m. ,  164  ft, ),  and  for  the  fact  that  it 
has  no  visible  outlet,  the  stream  flow- 
ing for  some  distance  underground. 
From  the  lake  the  Mont  Pelat  can  be 
climbed  (there  is  said  to  be  now  a 
mule  path  up  it)  in  2§-3  hrs.,  the 
view  of  the  Dauphine,  Viso,  Cham- 
beyron,  and  Argentera  groups  being 


very  fine,  though  it  is  believed  that 
the  sea  is  not  visible  :  the  climb  from 
the  Cayolle  glen  on  the  N.E.  is  diffi- 
cult, as  the  rocks  on  that  side  are  very- 
steep.  For  the  Pas  de  Lausson,  and 
the  Col  de  la  Petite  Cayolle,  leading 
from  the  lake  respectively  to  the  head 
of  the  Var  valley  and  to  the  Col 
de  la  Cayolle,  and  for  the  Col  du 
Talon,  giving  access  to  Fours,  see 
last  Rte.J 

From  Alios  the  high  road  mounts 
N.W.  along  the  Verdon,  but  2  m. 
beyond  La  Foitx  (4  m.)  turns  abruptly 
to  the  E.  in  order  to  gain  (12  m.)  by 
a  series  of  zigzags  the  Col  d'Allos  or 
de  Valgelaye  (2,250  m.,  7,382  ft.) 
300  yards  on  the  other  side  is  a  small 
inn  or  'Refuge,'  with  rooms,  &c, 
commanding  a  very  fine  view  of  the 
Chambeyron  group  on  the  N.E. 

[In  \\  hr.  from  the  Refuge  the 
Sestriere  (2,518  m. ,  8,262  ft.),  on  the 
N.W.,  may  be  ascended,  while  an 
even  finer  view  is  obtained  from  the 
more  distant  Grande  Siolane  (2,910 
m.,  9,548  ft.),  accessible  in  4-5  hrs. 
from  the  Refuge] 

Two  great  zigzags  lead  down  the 
slopes  and  through  the  fine  forest  ot 
Gdche  past  La  Mahtne  to  the 
Bachelard  glen,  the  level  of  which 
is  reached  at  La  Matire,  beyond 
which  that  stream  is  crossed,  and  its 
right  bank,  and  then  the  left  bank  of 
the  Ubaye,  followed  to  Barcelonnette 
(22  mi  from  Alios),  described  in  §  3* 
Rte,  A, 


27 


CHAPTER  II. 
COTTIAN  ALPS.  I. 


Section  3. 
Chambeyron  District. 

Route. 

A.  Cuneo  to  Barcelonnette  and  Em- 

brun  by  the  Col  de  l'Argentiere. 

B.  Barcelonnette  to  Guillestre  by  the 

Valley  of  the  Ubaye.  Ascents 
from  Maljasset. 

C.  Barcelonnette  to   Casteldelflno  by 

the  Valley  of  the  Ubaye. 

D.  Cuneo  to  Barcelonnette  by  the  Val 

Maira. 

E.  Cuneo  to  the  Stura  or  Maira  Valleys 

by  the  Val  Grana. 

Section  4. 
Viso  District. 

Route. 

A.  Saluzzo  to  Guillestre  by  the  Val 

Varaita. 

B.  Turin  or  Saluzzo  to  Guillestre  by  the 

Valley  of  the  Po. 

C.  Ascent  of  Monte  Viso. 

D.  Crissolo  to  the  Val  Varaita  and  the 

Val  Pellice. 

Section  5. 
Waldensian  Valleys. 

Route. 

A.  Pinerolo  to  Abries    by   the  Val 

Pellice. 

B.  Pinerolo  to  Cesanne  by  the  Col  de 

Sestrieres. 

C.  Torre  Pellice  or  Bobbio  to  Perosa. 

D.  Perosa  to  Abries  by  the  Germanasca 

Valley. 


Route. 

E.  Perosa  to  Cezanne  by  the  Rodoretto 

Valley. 

F.  Perosa  to  Pragelas  or  Fenestrelles  by 

the  Massello  Valley. 

Section  6. 
Genevre  District. 

Route. 

A.  Oulx  to    Briancon  by   the  Mont 

Genevre. 

B.  Abries  to  Cesanne. 

C.  Abries    or    Chateau    Queyras  to 

Briancon. 

D.  Briancon  to    St.    Michel  by  the 

Clairee  Valley. 

E.  Briancon  to  Bardonneche  by  the  Col 

des  Echelles.  Ascent  of  the  Mont 
Thabor. 

Section  7. 
Ambin  District. 

Route. 

A.  Chambery  to  Turin  by  the  Frejus 

Tunnel. 

B.  Modane  to   Turin   by  the  Mont 

Cenis. 

C.  Modane  to  Bardonneche.  Ascent 

of  the  Aiguille  de  Scolette. 

D.  Bramans  to  Bardonneche,  Exilles, 

or  Susa  by  the  Ambin  Group. 

E.  Bramans  or  the  Mont  Cenis  to  Susa 

by  the  Col  de  Clapier.  Ascents 
of  the  Roche  and  the  Dents 
d'Ambin. 


The  Cottian  Alps  rise  between  the 
Maritime  and  the  Graian  chains,  so 
that  they  are  limited  on  the  S.  by 
the  Col  de  l'Argentiere,  and  on  the 
N.E.  by  the  Mont  Cenis  Pass.  It 
might  at  first  sight  seem  more  natural 
to  select  as  their  N.  limit  the  pass 
of  the  Mont  Genevre,  as  it  is  the 
lowest  pass  across  the  main  chain 


of  the  Alps  traversed  by  a  carriage 
road  between  the  Mediterranean 
and  the  Maloja.  But,  besides  the 
historical  grounds  which  combine 
to  fix  that  limit  farther  to  the  N., 
there  are  two  reasons  of  practical 
convenience  which  make  it  undesir- 
able to  choose  the  Mont  Genevre. 
One  is  that  it  is  so  closely  connected 


28  COTTIAN 

with  the  Mont  Cenis  that  it  is  im- 
possible to  separate  the  two  passes 
very  widely  in  any  description,  for 
the  route  up  to  each  on  the  Italian 
side  is  for  a  considerable  distance 
the  same.  The  other  is  that  the 
space  between  the  Maritimes  and  the 
Graians  is  not  occupied  alone  by 
the  watershed,  with  its  spurs  and 
valleys,  for  to  its  W.  we  find  the 
great  mountain  mass  of  the  Central 
Dauphine  Alps,  which  is  quite  iso- 
lated from  the  watershed  by  the 
Durance  valley  and  its  tributary  the 
Guisane,  and  is,  indeed,  only  con- 
nected with  other  ranges  by  the 
narrow  isthmus  of  the  Col  du  Lauta- 
ret.  This  great  mass  is,  strictly 
speaking,  part  of  the  Cottian  Alps, 
but,  as  it  is  thus  isolated  from  the 
main  chain,  it  is  most  convenient  to 
place  it  in  Chapter  III.,  together 
with  certain  ranges  to  the  N.  which 
practically  form  part  of  it.  The 
Col  du  Lautaret  is  hence  more  con- 
venient than  the  Mont  Genevre  as 
the  limit  between  the  two  bits  of  the 
Cottians,  and,  as  the  road  over  the 
Col  du  Galibier  leads  over  the  N. 
range  from  the  Col  du  Lautaret  itself 
to  the  Arc  valley,  this  road  may  be 
taken  as  the  W.  limit  of  the  main 
chain  of  the  Cottians,  with  its  spurs. 
The  position  of  the  Central  Dauphine 
Alps  with  regard  to  the  main  ridge 
of  the  Cottians  corresponds  precisely 
to  that  of  the  Western  Graians 
with  regard  to  the  main  chain  of 
the  Graians,  the  Col  du  Lautaret 
answering  to  the  Col  dTseran  (see 
Chapter  V.),  though  in  the  case  of 
the  Cottians  there  is  no  mass  similar 
to  that  of  the  Grand  Paradis  on  the 
E.  side. 

In  this  Chapter,  therefore,  we  have 
to  describe  the  main  chain  of  the 
Cottians,  extending  from  the  Col  de 
PArgentiere  to  the  Mont  Cenis, 
bounded  on  the  E.  by  the  Pied- 
montese  plain,  and  on  the  W.  by 
the  Durance  and  Guisane  valleys  and 
the  Col  du  Galibier,  while  the  valley 
of  the  Arc  from  St.  Michel  de 
Maurienne  to  Lanslebourg  forms  its 


ALPS.  I. 

N.  limit.  The  best  known,  and  also 
the  loftiest,  peak  on  or  near  the 
main  ridge  of  the  Cottians  is  Monte 
Viso  (3,843m.,  12,609ft.)  Seenfrom 
the  Superga,  or  any  other  point  near 
Turin,  or  from  any  of  the  higher 
summits  of  the  Graian  and  Pennine 
ranges,  this  splendid  mountain  towers 
up  in  a  singularly  solitary  fashion, 
apparently  far  exceeding  in  height  all 
its  neighbours.  This  isolated  position, 
owing  to  which  Monte  Viso  is  so  well 
seen  from  the  Piedmontese  plains, 
has  caused  it  to  be  one  of  the 
best  known  mountains  in  the 
Alps,  at  least  by  name,  and  it 
is  said  that  it  is  the  only  peak 
in  the  Alps  which  is  expressly 
mentioned  in  the  works  of  the  writers 
of  classical  antiquity.  But  though 
the  most  conspicuous  and  loftiest 
peak  of  the  Cottian  main  ridge,  it  is 
far  from  being  the  only  prominent 
elevation  on  or  near  that  ridge,  for 
the  Aiguille  de  Cha??ibeyron1  to  the 
S.,  is  3,400  m.  (11,155  ft-)  and  the 
Aiguille  de  Scolette  (or  Pierre  Menue), 
to  the  N.,  is  3,505  m.  (11,500  ft.) 
Another  point  of  comparison  between 
the  Cottian  main  ridge  and  the 
Graians  is  that  in  neither  case  does 
the  watershed  run  either  roughly 
N.W.  and  S.E.,  as  in  the  case  of 
the  Maritimes,  or  roughly  from  W. 
to  E.,  as  in  the  case  of  the  Pennines, 
but  first  in  one  direction,  then  in 
the  other.  Thus  we  find  that  from 
the  Col  de  PArgentiere  to  the  Mont 
Thabor  the  Cottians  run  nearly  N.  W. 
and  S.E.,  as  do  the  Graians  from 
the  Levanna  to  the  Little  St.  Ber- 
nard. But  from  the  Mont  Thabor 
to  the  Levanna  the  direction  is  nearly 
W.  and  E.,  so  that,  as  the  Mont 
Cenis  Pass  crosses  the  divide  about 
midway  between  these  two  peaks,  a 
portion  of  the  Cottians,  as  of  the 
Graians,  runs  nearly  at  right  angles 
to  the  rest  of  the  chain.  If  we  adopt 
the  common  simile  which  likens  the 
Alps  to  a  rampart  between  France 
and  Italy,  Monte  Viso  and  the 
Rochemelon,  just  E.  of  the  Mont 
Cenis,  may  be   considered   as  the 


INTRODUCTION 


29 


salient  angles  of  two  great  bastions, 
whose  re-entering  angle,  looking 
from  the  side  of  France,  is  the  Mont 
Thabor.  But  in  the  case  of  the 
Cottians  the  direction  of  the  valleys 
(particularly  those  of  the  Ubaye  and 
of  the  Chisone),  on  both  sides  of  the 
chain,  is  very  irregular,  evidencing 
the  action  of  complicated  causes  in 
the  elevation  of  the  mass,  though  the 
predominant  forces,  especially  on  the 
French  side,  seem  to  have  operated 
along  the  line  from  N.W.  to  S.E. 

The  main  ridge  of  the  Cottians  is 
described  below  in  five  Sections,  the 
divisions  between  each  of  which  are 
somewhat  arbitrary,  and  based  solely 
on  practical  convenience.  The  upper 
valley  of  the  Ubaye,  from  Barce- 
lonnette  to  the  Tete  des  Toillies,  at  its 
head,  is  thrust  up  like  a  wedge  into 
the  main  ridge,  causing  it  to  split  as 
it  were  into  two  ridges,  enclosing 
that  valley.  Sect.  3  therefore 
describes  these  two  ridges,  two  of 
the  highest  summits  on  or  near 
which,  the  Aiguille  de  Chambeyron 
(3,400  m.,  11,155  ft-)  and  the  Brec 
de  Chambeyron  (3,388  m. ,  1 1 , 1 16  ft. ) 
(the  second  is  the  Grand  Rubren, 
3,396  m.,  11,142  ft.),  entitle  it  to  be 
called  the  Chambeyron  District,  N, 
of  this  region  is  the  Viso  District 
proper  (Section  4),  wherein  are 
described  not  merely  that  great  peak 
and  its  neighbours,  but  the  many 
historical  passes  leading  from  the 
Varaita  and  upper  Po  valleys  to  the 
long  and  sinuous  valley  of  the  Guil, 
a  tributary  of  the  Durance  valley. 
Next,  in  Section  5,  it  is  proposed 
to  describe  a  district  lying  entirely  on 
the  Italian  slope  and  possessing  an 
historical  unity — namely,  the  Wal- 
densian  Valleys  of  Piedmont — its 
culminating  peaks  being  the  Rognosa 
de  Sestrieres  (3,279  m.,  10,758  ft.), 
above  the  pass  of  that  name.  Sec- 
tion 6  has  no  unity  at  all  of  its 
own,  but  includes  the  valleys  on  the 
French  slope,  lying  N.  and  S.  of  the 
Mont  Genevre  pass,  whence  it  may 
be  called  the  Genevre  District,  the 
Mont  Thabor  (3,182  m.,  10,440  ft.) 


1  being  its  best  known  peak,  though 
the  Roche  du  G?-and  Galibier  (3,242 
m.,  10,637  ft.)  in  the  N.,  and  the 
Rochebrune  (3,324  m.,    10,906  ft.) 
and    the    Brie    Froid   (3,310  m., 
10,860  ft.)  in  the  S.,  are  its  highest 
I   summits.    Finally,   the  country  be- 
i   tween  the  Frejus  Tunnel  (wrongly 
!   called  the  Mont  Cenis  Tunnel)  and 
the  Mont  Cenis  pass  forms  the  sub- 
ject of  Section  7,  under  the  name 
of  the  Ambin  District,  that  being  its 
principal  snow-clad  mass,  though  the 
I  highest   summits,    the   Aiguille  de 
Scolette  (3,505  m.,  11,500  ft.)  and 
the   Rognosa   d'Etache    (3,385  m. , 
1 1, 106  ft. )  rise  to  its  W. 

The  Italian  slope  of  the  main  ridge 
,   of  the  Cottians  is  fully  described  in 
!   vol.  i.  of  Signori  Martelii  and  Vac- 
1   carone's  excellent  1  Guida  delle  Alpi 
;   Occidentali'    (Turin,    1889).  The 
French  slope  is  described  in  Joanne's 
new  6  Dauphine,'  (1898),  while  the 
same  writer's  '  Savoie '  (1895)  ^s  ver7 
useful  for  the  Savoyard  portions  of  the 
1   regions  described  in  Sections  6  and  7, 
j   but  otherwise  for  the  moment  infor- 
1   mation   must   be   sought    in  many 
I   scattered  articles,  the  more  important 
j   of  which  will  be  mentioned  in  the 
Introductions  to  the  several  Sections, 
j    M.     Tivolliers     mainly  historical 
'  Monographic     de     la   Vallee  ■  du 
Queyras  '  (Gap,  1897)  and  the  '  Guide 
du   Touriste  dans   le  Brianconnais  ' 
('  Guides  Miriam  '  series,  1898)  de- 
;   scribe  a  considerable  portion  of  the 
French  slope,  but  the  ranges  round 
the  Ubaye  valley  have  hitherto  been 
strangely  overlooked  by  travellers  and 
writers,  perhaps  because  they  happen 
to  be  in  the  French  Department  of 
the  Basses  Alpes,  a  name  which  has 
caused  their    height   to   be  under- 
estimated. 

As  a  curiosity  it  may  be  stated  here 
that  the  Chambeyron  and  Ambin 
groups  alone  present  the  character  of 
glacier-clad  mountain  masses  ;  else- 
where, in  this  portion  of  the  Cottians, 
even  round  the  Viso,  ice  and  snow  are 
found  but  rarely. 

As  in  the  case  of  the  Maritimes,  all 


30       COTTIAN  ALPS.    L    §  3. 


CHAMBEYRON  DISTRICT 


the  sheets  of  the  French  and  Italian 
Government  Surveys  representing  the 
Cottians  have  been  published,  while 
the  remarks  as  to  passports,  sketch- 
ing, photographing,  &c,  made  with 
regard  to  the  Maritime  Alps,  apply 
also  to  the  Cottians,  save  perhaps  as 
regards  Crissolo,  the  usual  starting 
point  for  the  ascent  of  Monte  Viso, 
and  as  regards  the  frequented  por- 
tions of  the  Waldensian  valleys. 


SECTION  3. 

CHAMBEYRON  DISTRICT. 

In  this  district  we  include  the  two 
ridges  enclosing  the  valley  of  the 
TJbaye  above  Barcelonnette,  which 
are  crowned  by  many  peaks,  while 
passes  lead  across  them  on  the  one 
hand  to  the  Guil  valley,  and  on  the 
other  to  those  of  the  Stura,  Maira, 
and  Varaita.  The  principal  summits 
are  the  Aiguille  de  Chambeyron, 
3,400  m.,  11,155  ft.  (the  loftiest 
peak  between  the  Mediterranean  and 
the  Viso),  the  Grand  Rubren  (3,396 
m.,  11,142  ft.),  the  Brec  de  Cham- 
beyroji  (3,388  m.,  11,116  ft.),  the 
Point e  de  la  Font  Sancte,  3,370  m., 
11,057  ft.  (probably  Baron  Zach's 
'  Pointe  des  Orches,'  though  far  from 
attaining  the  height  of  3,995  m. 
(13,107  ft.),  which  he  attributes  to  it), 
Panestrel  (3,253  m. ,  10,673  fr*)j 
Peou  Roc  (3,231  m.,  10,601  ft.),  the 
Pic  dn  Pelvat  (3,218  m.,  10,558  ft.), 
the  Pointe  Haute  de  Mary  (3,212  m., 
10,539  ft.),  and  the  most  northerly 
peak  of  all,  the  Tete  des  Toil  lies 
(3,179  m.,  10,430  ft.)  All  these 
fine  summits  (save  the  Brec,  best 
taken  from  St.  Paul)  are  most  con- 
veniently attacked  from  Maljasset, 
the  highest  hamlet  in  the  Ubaye 
valley.  Its  position  is  one  of  the 
finest  in  the  Alps  so  far  as  climbers 
are  concerned,  and  it  may  be  ranked 
in  that  respect   with   La  Berarde, 


Bonneval,  and  Val  dTsere,  in  the 
S.  W.  Alps,  but  as  yet  the  accommoda- 
tion is  not  good,  though  doubtless  at 
some  future  day,  when  the  possi- 
bilities of  Maljasset  as  a  6  centre ' 
come  to  be  realised,  it  will  be  im- 
proved, as  it  deserves  to  be. 

The  passes  from  the  upper  Ubaye 
valley  to  the  neighbouring  glens  are 
described  in  Rtes.  A,  B,  and  C,  below. 
The  most  frequented  to  the  Guil 
valley  are  the  Cols  de  Vars  (char 
road),  and  Girardin  (mule  track), 
while  the  Col  de  Maurin  or  de  Ma?y 
(mule  track)  leads  to  the  Val  Maira, 
and  the  Col  de  Longet  (also  a  mule 
track)  to  the  Val  Varaita.  But  by  far 
the  easiest  pass  over  the  ridges  en- 
closing the  upper  Ubaye  valley  is  the 
Col  de  V  Argentiere,  traversed  by  a 
carriage  road,  and  one  of  the  historical 
'  Passes  of  the  Alps,'  though  but  little 
known  to  foreign  travellers.  The 
ranges  separating  the  valleys  of  the 
Stura,  Maira,  and  Varaita  are  of  con- 
siderable height,  but  are  traversed  in 
most  directions  by  passes  of  no  diffi- 
culty. 

The  fullest  information  as  to  the 
peaks  of  this  district  is  to  be  found  in 
an  article  on  the  Chambeyron  district 
in  the  tenth  volume  of  the  '  Alpine 
Journal,'  by  Mr.  Coolidge,  the  prin- 
cipal explorer  of  the  group,  as  well  as 
in  that  mountaineer's  contributions  to 
the  sections  on  6  New  Expeditions  '  in 
the  same  periodical  for  1879,  1 881, 
1888,  and  1890. 


ROUTE  A.    CUNEO  TO  BARCELONNETTE  AND  EMBRUN  31 


Route  A. 

CUNEO  TO  BARCELONNETTE  AND 
EMBRUN  BY  THE  COL  DE 
L'ARGENTIERE. 

M. 


Borgo  San  Dalmazzo     .  8 

Demonte       ...  19 

Aisone  ....  23 

Vinadio ....  25^ 

Pianche ....  28^ 

Sambuco       .       .       .  31^ 

Pietraporzio  ...  34 

Ponte  San  Bernardo      .  35 

Berzesio  39 
Argentera      .       .  .41 

Col  de  lArgentiere        .  45^ 

Larche  ....  49 

Meyronnes  53 

La  Condamine      .       .  57 

Jausiers ...»  60 

Barcelonnette        .       .  66 

Le  Martinet  ...  74 

Le  Lauzet  ...  79 
Ubaye   .       .   .    .  .85 

Prunieres      ...  92 

Embrun        .       .       .  101 


Railway  to  Borgo  San  Dalmazzo  ;  good 
carriage  road  thence  to  Prunieres. 
Diligences  run  up  to  Vinadio  and 
Argentera,  and  down  (once  a  day) 
from  Larche  to  Barcelonnette  (3 
hrs.),  and  thence  (thrice  a  day)  to 
Prunieres  (3^  hrs. ) ;  railway  thence  to 
Embrun  (h  hr.) 

The  Col  de  1'Argentiere,  also 
called  the  Col  de  Larche,  and  the  Col 
della  Maddalena  (Madeleine),  is  the 
only  main  pass  between  the  Col  de 
Tenda  and  the  Mont  Genevre  which  is 
traversed  by  a  carriage  road.  It 
shares  with  these  two  passes,  the 
Lukmanier  and  the  Maloja,  the  dis- 
tinction of  being  one  of  the  five 
carriage  passes  W.  of  the  Brenner, 
but  across  the  main  chain  of  the  Alps, 
the  height  of  which  is  yet  under 
2,000  m.  (6,562  ft.),  though  it  is  the 
highest  of  the  five.  It  is  not  men- 
tioned in  the  Itineraries,  but  the 
inscriptions,  antiquities,  and  ruins 
found  on  either  side  seem  to  prove 
satisfactorily  that  it  was  known  to  the 
Romans,  and  even  to  the  Celts.  Mr. 
Freshfield,  indeed,  has  (in  the  nth 


and  13th  volumes  of  the  'Alpine 
Journal ')  made  an  attempt  to  prova 
that  it  was  the  pass  crossed  by 
Hannibal,  but  it  is  far  more  certain 
that  it  was  the  passage  of  Francis  L 
in  1 5 1 5  with  a  large  army  that  first 
brought  it  into  historical  prominence. 
It  was  later  traversed  by  French  and 
Spanish  armies  in  1692,  17 10,  and 
1744.  Napoleon  ordered  a  road  to 
be  made  over  it  bearing  the  proud, 
title  of  (  Route  Imperiale  d'Espagne 
en  Italie,'  and  even  now  (though  that 
project  has  not  yet  been  fully  carried 
out)  it  is  styled  the  road  *  from 
Montpellier  to  Coni '  (Cuneo).  It  is, 
perhaps,  the  gentlest  and  easiest  pass 
in  the  whole  of  the  Western  Alps, 
and  has  been  compared  to  the  road 
between  Keswick  and  Ambleside. 

The  way  as  far  as  Borgo  San  Dal- 
mazzo (8  m.)  has  been  described  in 
§  1.  Rte.  A.  The  traveller  bound 
for  the  Col  de  1'Argentiere  here 
leaves  on  the  S.  the  railway  to  Limone 
and  the  road  to  Valdieri,  and  turning 
to  the  \Y.  enters  the  valley  of  the 
Stura  di  Demo)ite,  so  called  to  dis- 
tinguish it  from  the  Stura  di  Lanzo, 
N.W.  of  Turin.  Soon  after,  the 
Stura  appears  in  its  deep  course  in  the 
valley,  and  beyond  it,  rising  abruptly 
amidst  some  pinnacled  rocks  and 
precipices,  lies  the  village  of  Rocca- 
sparvera.  A  little  farther  on  the 
road  winds  down  to  the  river,  crosses 
it  to  Gajola,  and  continues  on  its  left 
bank  almost  throughout  the  rest  of 
the  valley.  The  cultivated  land 
which  borders  the  Stura  is  very  rich 
and  luxuriant,  and  the  forms  of  the 
adjoining  mountains  highly  pic- 
turesque.    1 1  m.  from  the  Borgo  is 

Demonte  (778  m.,  2,553  t1ne 
principal  town  in  the  lower  portion 
of  the  valley,  and  at  the  junction 
of  the  Arma  torrent  with  the  Stura. 

[Through  the  Arma  glen  runs  the 
mule  path  to  the  Col  del  Mulo 
(2,401  m.,  7,878  ft.),  a  plain  which 
forms  a  triple  pass  leading  to  Sambuco, 
and  the  head  of  the  Val  Grana,  as 
well  as,  in  9  hrs.,  to  Prazzo,  in  the 
Val  Maira.    But  a  much  shorter  way 


32       COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  3. 


CHAMBEYRON  DISTRICT 


to  the  Val  Grana  is  by  the  mule  path 
over  the  Col  del?  Ortiga  (1,768  m., 
5,801  ft.),  by  which  Monterosso  is 
reached  in  4^  hrs.  from  Demonte. 
On  the  other  side  of  the  Stura  the 
Col  della  Madonna  (1,291  m., 
4,236  ft.)  leads  over  in  3  hrs.  to  the 
town  of  Valdieri  (§  1.  Rte.  F).J 

On  a  mound  between  Demonte 
and  the  Stura  are  the  ruins  of  a  fort, 
once  considered  very  strong,  which 
guarded  this  entrance  into  Piedmont. 
It  was  dismantled  in  1744  by  the 
French  troops,  after  their  failure  to 
take  Cuneo,  and  finally  destroyed 
in  1 80 1,  when  Piedmont  for  a  time 
became  part  of  France. 

The  scenery  of  the  valley,  rich  in 
fine  timber,  and  backed  by  bold 
rocky  summits,  continues  to  pre- 
serve the  same  character  as  it  ascends 
past  Aisone  (whence  the  Col  della 
Valletta,  2,488  m.,  8,163  ft. — §  1. 
Rte.  F — leads  in  8  hrs.  to  the  Baths 
of  Valdieri)  to 

Vinadio  (920  m.,  3,018  ft.),  the 
principal  place  in  the  valley,  and  a  very 
strongly  fortified  little  town,  so  that 
strangers  are  regarded  with  great  sus- 
picion, as  being  possibly  Frenchmen. 
It  is  in  a  very  picturesque  position. 

[A  short  distance  above  the  little 
town,  on  the  right  bank  of  the  Stura, 
two  converging  lateral  valleys  pour 
their  torrents  into  that  river  at  nearly 
the  same  point.  Through  the  more 
easterly  of  these — the  Rio  Freddo 
glen — two  rough  passes,  the  Pas  so 
della  Paur  and  the  Col  de  Afalinvern, 
give  access  to  the  Valasco,  and  so  to 
the  Baths  of  Valdieri  (10  hrs.  ;  see 
§  1.  Rte.  F),  while  at  the  very  head 
of  the  glen  the  Col  della  Lombarda 
(2,395  m-j  75858  ft.)  leads  by  a  mule 
path  to  the  upper  part  of  the  Ciasti- 
glione  glen,  through  which  Isola,  in 
the  Tinee  valley,  is  reached  in  9  hrs. 
from  Vinadio.  The  other  lateral 
glen,  that  of  San?  Anna,  affords  a 
more  direct  communication,  also  by  a 
frequented  mule  path,  past  the 
Sanctuary  of  Sant'  Anna,  and  over 
the  Col  di  San?  Anita  (2,318  m. , 
7,605  ft.),  with  Isola,  8  hrs.  from 


Vinadio  to  Isola.  For  both  passes 
see  §  1.  Rte.  E,  and  §  2.  Rte.  A. 
From  Vinadio  it  is  easy  to  gain  the 
track  from  Aisone  over  the  Col  della 
Valletta  to  the  Baths  of  Valdieri.} 

The  Stura  valley  becomes  wilder 
and  narrower  before  the  road  reaches 
the  hamlet  of  Pianche. 

[At  this  hamlet  a  ravine  opens  to 
the  S.W.,  through  which,  past  many 
fine  waterfalls,  a  carriage  road  mounts 
for  3  m.  to  the  Baths  of  Vinadio 
(1,275  m->  4-5 x83  ft) ?  frequented  by 
Italian  visitors,  especially  wounded 
soldiers.  Its  situation  in  a  narrow 
glen  is  cold  and  comfortless,  except 
in  the  finest  weather.  Hence  the 
Col  di  Guercia  (2,451  m.,  8,042  ft.) 
leads  over  to  Isola,  in  the  Tinee 
valley,  while  the  rough  Passo  del? 
Ischiator,  and  the  mule  path  over  the 
Passo  di  Collalunga  (2,600  m., 
8,531  ft.),  give  access  to  the  same 
valley,  higher  up,  and  nearer  St. 
Etienne  de  Tinee.  For  all  these 
passes  see  §  1.  Rte.  E,  and  §  2.  Rte. 

Above  Vinadio  the  scenery  becomes 
more  and  more  wild  and  Alpine, 
while  the  geologist  will  not  fail  to 
observe  that  in  this  part  of  the  valley 
the  Stura  follows  pretty  closely  the 
line  of  junction  between  the  gneiss 
and  the  Secondary  slates.  Three 
miles  beyond  Pianche  is  the  hamlet  of 
Sambuco  (1,133  m.,  3^7 17  ft- ),  whence 
the  Col  del  Mulo,  as  noted  above, 
leads  either  to  Demonte,  or  to  Prazzo 
in  the  Val  Maira. 

Higher  up  the  valley  three  small 
villages  are  passed,  Pietraporzio, 
Ponte  Bernardo,  and  Preinardo,  each 
at  or  near  the  mouth  of  a  narrow 
glen,  through  which  respectively  the 
Col  du  Vallonet,  2,975  m.,  9,761  ft. 
(whence  the  Mont  Tin i bras ,  3,032  m. , 
9,948  ft.,  can  be  climbed),  the  Passo 
della  Ciazisa  (2,900  m.,  9,515  ft.), 
and  the  Col  du  Per  (2,550  m., 
8,366  ft.)  lead  over  the  main  chain 
of  the  Maritime  Alps  to  St.  Etienne 
de  Tinee,  or  to  the  Tinee  valley,  a 
little  above  (see  §  2.  Rte.  A).  From 
Ponte  Bernardo  the  Col  de  Servagno, 


ROUTE  A.    CUNEO  TO  BARCELONNETTE  AND  EMBRUN  33 


2,578  m.,  8,458  ft.  (bad  mule  path), 
leads  over  in  7-8  hrs.  to  Prazzo,  in 
Val   Maira.     Between    Ponte  Ber- 
nardo and  Preinardo  is  the  famous 
defile  of  the  Barricate,  in  which  the 
road  is  carried  along  a  shelf  cut  in 
the    precipices.     The    4  Barricades' 
were  forced  with  great  difficulty  by 
the  French  army  in  1 5 1 5,  but  turned 
(as  they  may  easily  be)  by  a  path  on 
the   hill-side   on  the   S.   in  1744. 
They  are  not  nearly  as  impressive  as 
the  traveller  would  gather  from  the 
notices  in  the  older  writers.  Between 
Pietraporzio  and  Preinardo  the  road 
crosses  the  Stura  several  times,  but 
returns  finally  to  the  left  bank  before 
reaching  Berzesio  (1,625  m.,  5>332  ft. ) 
Opposite  Preinardo,  high  above  the 
left  bank  of  the  Stura,  is  the  village 
of  Servagfio,  whence  a  bad  mule 
track  leads   over  the  pass  of  that 
name  (2,578  m.,  8,458  ft.)  in  8  hrs.  to 
Prazzo,  in  the  Val  Maira.    The  head 
of  the  valley  of  the  Stura  here  pre- 
sents very  wild  rock  scenery.  On 
the    W.    the     Mont  Enchastraye 
(2,955  m-j  9>695  ft.)  is  seen,  while  on 
the   N.    the   Monte   delta  Scaletta 
(2,839  m.,  9,315  ft.)  rises  near  the 
point  whence  streams  flow  down  in 
different  directions  to  the  Val  Maira 
and  the  Ubayette,  as  well  as  towards 
the  Stura.     2  m.  beyond  Berzesio  is 
Argentera  (1,690  m.,  5,545  ft.),  the 
last  village  in  the  Stura  valley,  and 
so  naturally  the  site  of  the  Italian 
Custom  House. 

[Hence  a  mule  track  over  the  Col 
de  Pourriac  (2,506  m. ,  8,222  ft.) 
leads  in  5^  hrs.  to  St.  Etienne  de 
Tinee,  and  from  the  pass  the  Mont 
Enchastraye  can  be  climbed  in  1  \  hr. 
N.  of  that  peak  is  the  Col  du  Lati- 
zanier  (2,656  m.,  8,714  ft.),  which 
leads  from  the  head  of  the  Pourriac 
glen  to  the  magnificent  pasture  hollow 
of  Lauzanier,  and  so  to  the  high  road 
on  the  French  side  of  the  Col  de 
l'Argentiere,  a  little  below  the  pass 
itself.  To  the  E.  of  the  Col  de 
l'Argentiere  there  is  a  smugglers'  pass, 
the  Col  de  Roburent  (2,494  m., 
8,183  ft-) ?  over  which  a  mule  track 
1. 


leads   in    5    hrs.    from  Argentera 
through  the  Oronaye  glen  to  the  same 
point  on  the  high  road  from  the  Col 
de  l'Argentiere.    At  some  distance  to 
the  N.  of  the  Col  de  Roburent,  and 
on  the  frontier  ridge,  rises  the  fine 
rock  peak  of  the  Tele  de  Moyse,  or 
d ]  Oronaye  (3,110   m. ,    10,204  ft«)» 
which  may  be  scaled  by  means  of  a 
great  gully  in  the  S.  flank,  and  steep, 
;   brittle  rocks.  From  the  Roburent  lake 
j   on  the  way  up  to  the  Col  of  that 
;   name  a  mule  path  crosses  the  ridge 
j   N.  W.  of  the  Monte  Scaletta  (2,839  m. , 
j   9,315  ft.)  by  the  Col  delta  Scaletta 
.   (2,614  m-5   8,576  ft.),  which  gives 
access  in  6J  hrs.  from  Argentera  to 
I   Acceglio,  the  highest  village  in  the 
Val  Maira.  J 

From  Argentera  the  road  climbs  by 
a  series  of  zigzags  to  the  high  plateau 
of  the  Maddaiena,  along  which  it 
mounts  nearly  at  a  level  past  the 
Maddaiena  lake  (the  source  of  the 
Stura,  and  perhaps  also  of  the 
Ubayette,  which  bursts  out  from  the 
mountain-side  on  the  French  slope  a 
short  distance  below  the  summit  of 
the  pass  ;  there  is  a  small  inn  near 
the  lake)  to  the  Col  de  l'Argentiere, 
(1,995  m.,  6,545  ft.) 

The  view  from  the  pass  includes  on 
the  Italian  side  the  Punta  dell'  Argen- 
j   tera,  the  Monte  Matto,  and  other  of 
the  peaks  round  Valdieri,  and  on  the 
French  side  the  dark  mountain  chain 
N.  of  Barceionnette.  Many  rare  plants 
are  found  in  the  immediate  neighbour - 
j   hood  of  the  Col,  including  Eryngiuni 
I   alpinu?n,    Brass ica     Richer  i,  and 
Dracocephalu m  ruysch ian um. 

The  road  descends  on  the  French 
side  over  gently  inclined  and  flowery 
pastures  forming  part  of  the  great  pla- 
teau, and  then  by  two  -great  zigzags 
gains  the  first  French  village,  Maison- 
meam,  2  m.  beyond  which  is  the 
principal  village  in  the  Ubayette valley, 
that  of  Larcke,  1,697  m->  5,568  ft. , 
where  the  curious  traveller  may  find  a 
Greek  motto  on  a  sundial. 

£On  the  way  from  the  Col  here 
falls  in  the  path  over  the  rough  pass 
of  the  Pas  de  la  Mule,  or  de  la  Cavalz 

D 


34       COTTIAN  ALPS.    L    §  3.  CHAMBEYRON  DISTRICT 


(2,671m.,  8,763  ft.),  by  which  and 
through  the  Lattzanier  glen  Larche 
is  gained  from  St.  Etienne  de  Tinee 
in  6-7  hrs.  The  ascent  of  the  Rocher 
des  Trots  Eveques  ( 2, 862  m. ,  9, 390  ft. ) , 
a  very  important  topographical  point, 
just  S.  of  the  Mont  Enchastraye,  may 
be  combined  with  the  pass  (see  §  2. 
Rte.  A).  N.E.  of  Larche  two  passes 
lead  over  to  Acceglio,  in  the  Val 
Maira,  in  about  5  hrs.  There  is  a  bad 
mule  track  over  the  lower  and  more 
southerly  of  these,  the  Col  des  Jlfonges, 
or  delle  Munie  or  Monie  (2,545  m., 
8,350  ft.)  The  more  northerly  is 
the  more  frequented  Col  de  Sautron 
(2,689  m.,  8,823  ft.),  the  track  over 
which  is  marked  by  poles  at  regular 
intervals.  The  latter  is  commanded 
on  the  W.  by  the  Fort  of  Viraysse,  the 
existence  of  which  will  probably  now 
hinder  the  wanderer  or  geologist  from 
taking  the  following  charming  walk 
along  the  French  side  of  the  frontier 
from  the  Col  de  l'Argentiere  to  St. 
Paul  sur  Ubaye  :  from  the  Col  gain 
over  pastures  the  Oronaye  glen,  and 
then  bear  always  to  the  N.W.  over 
the  depression  marked  2,506  m.  on 
the  French  map,  the  narrow  window 
of  the  Col  de  la  Portiolctte^  the 
rounded  ridge  of  the  Col  du  Vallonnet, 
and  so  to  the  hamlet  of  Fotiillozcze, 
whence  the  high  road  in  the  Ubaye 
valley — see  next  Rte. — may  be  gained 
in  -|  hr.  at  Grande  Serejme,  \  hr. 
above  St.  Paul. 3 

The  road  descends  along  the  right 
bank  of  the  Ubayette,  past  (4  m.) 
the  hamlet  of  Meyrojines  (whence  the 
Col  de  Mirandol  leads  over  in  3J  hrs. 
to  St.  Paul),  beyond  which  the  river 
is  crossed  before  descending  to  a 
stony  basin  (to  the  right  is  the  hamlet 
of  Gleisolles)  at  the  junction  of  the 
Ubayette  with  the  Ubaye.  This 
important  strategical  point  is  domi- 
nated by  the  remarkable  Fort  of 
Toiirnoux  on  the  W. ,  which  blocks 
the  way  to  the  Col  de  Vars  (see  next 
Rte.  1),  as  well  as  those  to  the  Col 
de  l'Argentiere  and  to  Barcelonnette. 
It  is  hewn  out  of  the  living  rock,  and 
is  one  of  the  most  noteworthy  of  the 


fortifications  on  the  Franco-Italian 
frontier,  though  older  than  most  o 
these. 

The  road  now  turns  S.W.  and 
beneath  the  Fort  crosses  to  the  right 
bank  of  the  Ubaye,  which  is  followed 
henceforth  to  Barcelonnette.  At  the 
hamlet  of  La  Condamine  (4  m.)  there 
branches  off  on  the  W.  the  new  mili- 
I  tary  road  by  a  tunnel  under  the  Col 
de  Parpaillo7i,  and  the  Crevoux  glen, 
to  Embrun,  in  the  Durance  valley. 
A  narrow  gorge  leads  from  La  Con- 
damine to  the  prosperous-looking 
village  of  Jausiers  (3m.),  where  are 
many  villas  built  by  natives  who  have 
returned  hither  during  the  past  50  or 
60  years  after  making  their  fortunes 
in  Mexico,  and  are  called  here  c  les 
Americains. ' 

[For  the  mule  path  over  the  Col 
des  Granges  Communes  (2,512  m., 
8,242  ft.)  hence  to  St.  Etienne  de 
Tinee  see  §  2.  Rte.  A  ad fin."^ 

The  valley  of  the  Ubaye  widens 
and  the  scene  becomes  more  and  mor$ 
smiling  and  fertile  as  the  traveller 
gradually  approaches  Barcelonnette, 
1,133  m.,  3,717  ft.  (6  m.)  This  well- 
built  little  town  of  2,000  inhabitants  is 
situated  in  a  charming  position  in  an 
open  and  very  fertile  basin  and  on  the 
right  bank  of  the  Ubaye.  It  was 
refounded  'in  1231  by  leave  of  Ray- 
mond Berenger  IV.,  Count  of  Pro- 
vence and  Barcelona  (whence  the 
name  of  the  town).  It  passed  into  the 
possession  of  Savoy  in  1388,  being 
;  formally  ceded  in  14 19,  and  was 
j  often  attacked  and  sacked  by  the 
French,  though  it  was  only  in  1 7 13 
that,  by  the  Treaty  of  Utrecht,  this 
valley  on  the  W.  slope  of  the  Alps 
was  acquired  by  France  in  exchange 
for  her  possessions  on  the  E.  slope, 
Exilles,  Fenestrelles,  and  Casteldel- 
fmo '  (M.)  (for  these  places  see  the 
later  Sections  of  this  Chapter). 

[For  the  routes  to  Nice  by  the  Var 
and  Verdon  valleys,  see  §  2.  Rtes.  B 
and  C.  It  is  53  m.  by  high  road  from 
Barcelonnette  past  Seyne  to  Digne 
(11  hrs.  by  diligence).] 

The  Ubaye  joins  the  Durance  at 


ROUTE  A.    CUNEO  TO  BARCELONNETTE  AND  EMBRUN  35 


a  point  about  12  m.  below  Embrim, 
flowing  during  the  last  part  of  its 
course  through  a  narrow  ravine. 
This  is  at  the  W.  end  of  the 
mountain  chain  between  the  lower 
reach  of  the  Ubaye  and  the  valley  of 
the  Durance  near  Embrun.  There 
are  several  rough  passages  for  pedes- 
trians across  this  chain,  nearer  Bar- 
celonnette,  but  most  travellers  will 
prefer  to  drive  to  Embrun. 

Below  Barcelonnette  the  scenery  of 
the  Ubaye  valley  is  of  a  bare  and 
somewhat  dreary  character,  owing 
to  the  rapid  disintegration  of  the 
Jurassic  rocks.  The  road  runs  along 
the  right  bank  of  the  Ubaye  and 
passes  below  the  village  of  St.  Pons, 
where  a  church  and  the  ruins  of  a  castle 
are  finely  placed.  It  is  then  carried  by 
a  dyke  through  a  torrent-swept  plain. 
The  village  of  Les  Thuiles  (4 J  m. )  is 
traversed  ;  Meolans  (2J  m.)  is.seen  on 
the  opposite  bank.  At  the  hamlet 
of  Le  Martinet  (1  m. ),  where  the 
road  crosses  to  the  1.  "bank  of  the 
Ubaye,  there  opens  out  on  the  S. 
the  glen  (nummulitic  rocks)  of  St. 
Barthelemy,  or  of  the  Rion  de  la 
Blanche,  through  which  Digne  may 
be  reached  either  by  the  Col  des  Tetes 
or  de  Mariaud  and  the  Garebre  glen, 
or  across  the  peak  of  the  Trots 
Eveches,  2,927  m.,  9,603  ft.  (see  §  2. 
Rte.  C)  and  by  the  Bleone  glen.  13 
miles  from  Barcelonnette  is  Le  Lauzet, 
the  most  picturesque  spot  in  the  lower 
Ubaye  valley.  Close  to  it  is  a  small 
lake,  abounding  in  carp  and  tench, 
and  surrounded  by  wooded  slopes 
and  patches  of  cultivated  ground. 
Below  this  point  the  valley  resumes 
its  natural  wild  and  barren  aspect, 
which  it  maintains  all  the  way  to  its 
junction  with  the  Durance.  Below 
Le  Lauzet  the  Ubaye  passes  through 
a  narrow  defile  1  m.  from  Le  Lauzet, 
the  high  road  to  Digne  by  Seyne  and 
the  Col  de  Labonret  (1,216  m., 
3,990  ft.)  mounts  to  the  left  and 
passes  through  a  tunnel  pierced 
through  the  spur  on  which  is  built 
the  Fort  of  St.  Vincent.  But  our 
road  descends  to  cross  back  to  the 


right  bank  of  the  Ubaye.  Six  miles 
from  Le  Lauzet,  after  a  rapid  descent, 
is  the  village  of  Ubaye,  whence  a  road 
crosses  the  Col  de  Pontis  (1,218  m., 
3,996  ft.)  to  Savines  in  the  Durance 
valley.  But  the  main  carriage  road 
now  runs  from  Ubaye  along  the 
right  bank  of  the  Ubaye  for  4  m. 
to  the  bridge  over  the  Durance,  a 
little  above  its  junction  with  the 
Ubaye  and  3  m.  below  the  station 
of  Prunieres  (7  m.  from  Ubaye  or 
25^  m.  from  Barcelonnette),  on  the 
railway  from  Gap  to  Briancon  (de- 
scribed in  §  9.  Rte.  Q),  9  m.  below 
Embrun  (see  §  9.  Rte  Q). 


Route  B. 

BARCELONNETTE  TO  GUILLESTRE 
BY  THE  VALLEY  OF  THE  UBAYE. 
ASCENTS  FROM  MALJASSET. 

Char  road  to  St.  Paul  (diligence  iri 
2.\  hrs.)  and  to  Maljasset,  then  mule 
or  foot  paths. 

The  Ubaye  is  formed  by  the  union 
of  many  torrents,  and  descends  be- 
tween two  high  ranges,  in  a  S.W. 
direction  as  far  as  Barcelonnette,  and 
then  in  a  W.  one,  till,  after  a  course 
of  about  50  miles  from  its  source,  it 
unites  with  the  Durance.  It  is  a 
pastoral  valley,  which  in  summer 
supports  a  vast  number  of  sheep, 
that  are  pastured  in  the  winter  on 
the  plains  of  Provence,  especially 
that  of  La  Crau,  near  Aries.  This 
poor  mountain  district  has  been  the 
scene  of  many  encounters  between 
the  troops  of  the  Duke  of  Savoy  and 
those  of  France,  but  (as  stated  in  the 
last  Rte. )  was  finally  ceded  to  France 
in  171 3  by  the  Treaty  of  Utrecht. 
It  is  celebrated  for  the  fine  green 
marble  quarries  found  at  its  head, 
which  to  a  certain  extent  are  worked. 

It  was  pointed  out  in  the  Introduc- 
tion to  this  Chapter  that  the  valley  of 
D  2 


36       COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  3. 


CHAMBEYRON  DISTRICT 


the  Ubaye  is  thrust  up  like  a  wedge 
into  the  main  range  of  the  Alps, 
with  which  it  runs  parallel,  and 
which  it  thus  splits'  into  two  ridges. 
That  on  the  S.E.  is  the  watershed 
of  the  Alpine  chain,  and  will  be 
described  in  the  next  Rte.  That  on 
the  N.W.  separates  the  Ubaye  from 
the  Durance  valley ;  its  lower  por- 
tion was  described  in  the  foregoing 
Rte.,  so  that  in  the  present  Rte. 
we  may  confine  ourselves  to  the 
upper  part  of  the  valley,  above  its 
junction,  near  Gleisolles,  with  that 
of  the  Ubayette,  descending  from 
the  Col  de  l'Argentiere.  It  will  be 
most  convenient  to  also  include  in 
this  Rte.  a  brief  enumeration  of  the 
principal  ascents  which  may  be  made 
from  the  admirably  situated  centre 
of  Malj asset. 

The  way  from  Barcelonnette  as 
far  as  the  meeting  of  the  Ubaye 
and  the  Ubayette  was  described 
in  the  last  Rte.  The  char  road 
then  crosses  the  latter,  and  very 
soon  after  the  former  stream,  and  is 
carried  under  the  fortifications  of 
Tournoux,  leaving  on  the  left,  above 
the  road,  the  hamlet  of  Tournoux 
and  its  fine  woods.  The  road  runs 
above  the  river,  which  it  crosses  twice 
to  avoid  a  dangerous  slope,  and 
traverses  the  narrow  and  savage 
gorge  of  Reyssole,  on  emerging  from 
which  it  enters  the  well-cultivated 
hollow  in  which  (14  m.  from  Barce- 
lonnette) is  St.  Paul  sur  Ubaye,  a 
considerable  village  built  at  a  height 
of  1,470  m.  (4,823  ft.),  at  the  junc- 
tion with  the  Ubaye  valley  of  the 
narrow  glen  leading  up  to  the  Col 
de  Vars  (see  below).  (For  the  Cols 
de  Mirandol  and  du  Vallonnet  to 
Larche  and  the  Col  de  l'Argentiere 
see  last  Rte.)  From  St.  Paul  just 
the  tip  of  the  Brec  de  Chambeyron 
(3,388  m.,  11,116  ft.)  is  visible. 

[The  ascent  of  that  fine  summit 
is  the  only  attraction  to  the  moun- 
taineer to  make  a  day's  halt  at  St. 
Paul  ;  it  was  first  conquered  in  1878 
by  two  men  of  Fouillouze,  the  ascent 
being  repeated   next   year  by  Mr. 


Coolidge.    It  is  made  in  if  hr.  from 

the  Col '  della  Gippiera  or  Cuppiera 
(2,918  m.,  9,574  ft.)— see  below)— 
at  its  N.  foot,  by  the  easy  rocks  of 
its  E.  or  Italian  face,  a  conspicuous 
snow  ridge,  not  far  from  the  S.  arete, 
and  a  gully  closed  by  a  huge  boulder, 
over  which  it  is  necessary  to  scramble. 
The  Col  may  be  gained  in  4  J- 5  hrs. 
from  St.  Paul  by  way  of  the  hamlet 
of  Fouillouze  (see  below)  and  a  steep 
stony  track  which  leads  past  several 
small  lakes  to  the  pass,  which  is  also 
accessible  in  5  hrs.  from  Acceglio,  in 
the  Val  Maira,  by  the  route  of  the 
Col  de  Stroppia  (see  Rte.  D).  It 
is  from  Fouillouze  or  from  Grande 
Serenne,  in  the  main  Ubaye  valley^ 
that  the  Brec  is  most  majestic.  The 
summit  consists  of  a  spacious  plateau, 
sloping  gently  towards  the  W.  The 
expedition  offers  but  little  difficulty, 
though  it  is  rather  long  if  taken  in 
one  day  from  St.  Paul  and  back.  3 

The  road  continues  along  the  right 
bank  of  the  Ubaye  all  the  way  to 
Maljasset.  Two  miles  from  St.  Paul 
is  the  hamlet  of  Gra?ide  Serenne, 
dominated  by  the  Brec,  and  at  the 
entrance  of  the  Fouillouze  glen,  the 
chief  hamlet  therein  being  gained  in 
under  an  hour  by  a  zigzag  and  stony 
track,  though  the  char  road  thither 
crosses  the  bridge  over  the  Ubaye 
to  be  mentioned  presently.  Grande 
Serenne  is  at  the  foot  of  the  great 
rocky  barrier  (89  m. ,  292  ft.,  in 
height)  of  the  C hate  let  or  Cast  el  let, 
which  seems  to  entirely  block  the 
valley.  The  road  mounts  round  it 
on  the  W.  On  attaining  its  upper 
edge  some  old  fortifications  are  seen, 
while  the  Ubaye  roars  at  a  great 
depth  below  in  a  narrow  gorge, 
through  which  a  glimpse  is  gained  of 
the  smiling  basin  of  St.  Paul,  a  great 
contrast  to  the  dreary  character  of 
the  valley  beyond  the  Chatelet.  At 
the  point  where  the  gorge  is  narrowest 
a  bold  bridge  has  been  thrown  across 
it  at  a  height  of  no  m.  (361  ft.) 
above  the  stream,  and  thus  gives; 
access  to  the  char  road  to  Fouillouze 
(2|  m.)    Some  way  up  the  Ubaye 


ROUTE  B.    ASCENTS  FROM  MALJASSET 


37 


valley  (3  m.  from  Grande  Serenne) 
is  the  Pont  Voi'ite,  over  which  passed 
the  old  path.  The  scene  is  now 
dreary  and  desolate  in  the  extreme, 
the  precipitous  rocks  on  either  side 
being  torn  and  seamed  by  many 
torrents.  One  mile  from  the  Pont 
Voute  is  the  delicious  green  oasis  of 
La  Blachiere,  but  beyond  desolation 
reigns  once  more.  A  short  ascent 
leads  up  at  length  to  the  hollow  of 
Maurin,  in  which  are  three  hamlets  : 
the  first  is  La  Barge,  the  next 
Maljasset,  between  which  and  the 
third,  Co?nbe  Bremond,  is  the  parish 
church,  with  an  inscription  above 
the  door  recalling  its  destruction  by 
an  avalanche  in  153 1,  while  in  the 
churchyard  wall  is  a  niche  destined 
to  hold  the  coffins  of  those  inhabitants 
who  die  during  the  winter,  as  it  is 
impossible  here  to  dig  a  grave  till 
the  return  of  spring.  Maljasset  is 
8  m.  from  St.  Paul,  and  may  be 
reached  thence  in  2J—3  firs.'  walking. 

Maljasset  (1,910  m.,  6,267  ft.)  is 
often  called  Maurin  (perhaps  a  form 
of  Mary),  as  it  is  the  chief  hamlet  of 
that  beautiful  green  valley,  the  S.E. 
slope  of  which  is  clothed  with  fine 
timber,  and  partly  quarried  out  into  a 
marble  quarry.  From  the  village 
only  Panestrel  and  the  cairn  on  the 
Grand  Rubren  are  visible,  but  a 
buttress  called  the  Tete  de  Miejour 
(2,689  m.,  8,823  ft.)  of  the  Aiguille 
de  Chambeyron  on  the  S.,  and 
another  on  the  N.,  make  a  grand 
show.  Opposite  is  the  broad  open- 
ing of  the  Combe  de  Mary,  through 
which  several  passes  lead  to  the  Yal 
Maira  (see  below  and  Rte.  D). 
Maljasset,  as  has  been  pointed  out  in 
the  Introduction  to  this  Chapter,  is 
one  of  the  finest  mountaineering 
headquarters  in  the  S.W.  Alps,  and 
lacks  only  a  good  inn  to  be  properly 
appreciated,  a  want  which  it  is  to  be 
hoped  may  soon  be  supplied. 

[The  belvedere  of  Maljasset  is  the 
Pointe  de  Mary  (Maurin)  (3,129  m., 
10,266  ft.),  on  the  S.E.  side  of  the 
valley,  and  easily  reached  in  3  hrs. 
or  less  past  the  marble  quarry  oppo- 


site the  village,  and  by  the  W.  arete. 
The  view  includes  the  Matterhorn 
and  the   Viso,  as  well   as   all  the 
neighbouring  peaks,  which   can  be 
very    well     studied     hence.  The 
monarch  of  the  group,  and  indeed  of 
all  the  ranges  between  the  Viso  and 
the  Mediterranean,  is  the  Aiguille 
de  Chambeyron  (3,400  m.,  11,155  ft.), 
to  the  S.  of  Maljasset.    It  was  first 
I   scaled  in  1879  by  Mr.  Coolidge,  who 
from  the  Marinet  lakes  took  a  circuit- 
ous route  round  itsW.  and  S.W.  spurs, 
so  as  to  gain  the  S.  face,  which  led  to 
the  top  in  6 J- hrs.  from  Maljasset.  But 
in  1883  M.  J.  Nerot,  when  making 
the  second  ascent,  discovered  a  much 
better  route  from  the  X.  by  way  of  a 
broad  snow  couloir  leading  up  to  the 
1   gap  between  the  peak  and  the  frontier 
ridge  (for  the  Aiguille  is  wholly  in 
France),  whence  a  descent  and  reascent 
led  to  the  final  red  rocks  of  the  S.  face 
(climbed  in   1879),  so  that  by  this 
route  the  summit  may  be  reached  in 
6  hrs.  or  less  from  Maljasset.  In 
1893  Signor  P.   Gastaldi  from  the 
Col  de  Marinet  (N.E.  of  the  peak  ;  see 
Rte.  D),  climbed  up  the  E.  arete  to 
a  point  S.  of  and  20  m.   (66  ft. ) 
lower  than  the  highest  summit,  thence 
descending  on  to  the  S.  face,  and  re- 
mounting by  the  red  rocks  to  that 
summit,   while   in    1894   the  same 
mountaineer    mounted    in   4J  hrs. 
direct  to  the  top  from  the  Col  della 
Gippiera  (see  above  under  the  Brec), 
by  way  of  the  great  rock  couloir  in 
the  steep  S.  face  and  the  rocks  to  its 
W.     The   latter    route    enables  a 
traveller  to  take  either  the  Aiguille 
or  the  Brec  on  the  way  from  Acceglio, 
i   in  the  Yal  Maira,  to  St.  Paul,  but  a 
party  starting  from  Maljasset  should 
i   follow    M.    Nerot's    route,  which 
I   offers   no   serious    difficulftes,  save 
j   when  there   is   ice   in  the  couloir, 
f   Two  other  peaks  S.E.  of  Maljasset, 
and  opposite  the  Aiguille,  may  be 
1   dismissed  more  briefly.    The  Poinie 
Haute  de  Mary  (3,212  m.,  10,539  ft.) 
;   was  gained  by  Mr.  Coolidge  in  1879 
i   in      hrs.  from  Maljasset  by  a  rather 
I   difficult  route  up  the  W.  face  to  a 


33       COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  3.  CHAMBEYRON  DISTRICT 


snow  field  lying  S.  of  the  three- 
pronged  summit,  while  the  Dents  de 
Maniglia  (3,177  m.,  10,424  ft.)  are 
easily  reached  in  1  hr.  from  the  Col 
de  Roure  or  de  Ciabriera  to  the  S. 
(see  Rte.  C).  Finally  the  Pic  du 
Pelvat (3,218  m.;  10,558  ft. ),  N.W.  of 
the  Col  de  Lautaret  (see  Rte.  C, 
below),  was  climbed  in  1881  by  Mr. 
Coolidge  in  4J  hrs.  from  Maljasset  by 
way  of  the  rocks  on  the  left  bank  of 
the  great  central  couloir  in  its  E. 
face. 

On  the  N.W.  side  of  the  Maurin 
valley  the  loftiest  summit  is  the 
Pointe  de  la  Font  Sanete  (3.370  m., 
11,057  ft.),  the  name  being  probably 
connected  with  the  Chapel  of  St. 
Anne  at  its  N.E.  foot  (see  below 
under  the  Col  Girardin),  or  possibly 
with  the  word  4  Sanctio,'  the  old 
name  for  the  Ubaye  river.  It  was  first 
climbed  in  1878  by  Signor  E.  Novarese 
from  the  W.  or  Escreins  side  (the 
best  way  is  by  the  more  southerly  %>f 
two  great  snow  couloirs),  while  in 
1879  Mr.  Coolidge  ascended  it  in 
5^  hrs.  from  Maljasset  by  the  rock- 
girt  hollow  of  the  Vallon  Claus,  and 
the  E.  ridge,  a  very  convenient  snow- 
filled  couloir  being  taken  on  the 
descent,  which  led  in  50  min.  from 
the  very  base  of  the  final  peak  back 
to  the  Vallon  Claus.  The  view  from 
the  summit  is  extremely  fine.  The 
Vallon  Claus  is  shut  in  by  a  splendid 
rock  wall,  at  the  S.  end  of  which  (the 
Font  Sancte  rising  at  its  N.  end)  is 
the  grand  rocky  peak  of  Fanestrel 
(3,253  m.,  10,673  accessible  in 
less  than  \  hr.  from  the  Col  de  Panes- 
trel,  described  below  under  the 
heading  of  the  Col  des  Houerts  (2.). 
From  the  summit  both  Maljasset  and 
Escreins  are  seen.  To  the  N.E. 
of  Maljasset  is  the  double-peaked 
Peou  Poc,  3,231  m.,  10,601  ft.  (the 
N.  point  is  the  highest),  first  scaled 
in  1888  by  Mr.  Coolidge.  It  is  ac- 
cessible from  Maljasset  in  about 
5-5I  hrs.  by  way  of  the  W.  ridge 
and  its  S.  slope,  and  is  best  taken  in 
connection  with  the  Col  du  Tieoure, 
(3.  below).    The  Tete  des  Toillies 


(3,179  m.,  10,430  ft.),  at  the  very 
head  of  the  valley,  is  best  gained  in 
\  hr.  or  less  from  the  Col  La  Noire 
(see  below)  by  a  short  scramble  of 
10  min.  up  the  rocks  of  its  S.W. 
flank,  the  deep  notch  just  S.  of  the 
I   last   peak  being  also  accessible  in 
j   about  1  hr.  from  either  the  Col  de 
j   Longet,  on  the  S.E.,  or  from  the  Col 
Blanchet,  on  the  N.E.    The  peak 
commands  a  very  fine  view,  as  it 
i   rises  at  the  junction  of  the  Ubaye, 
Varaita,  and  St.  Veran  valleys. 

But  perhaps  an  even  finer  view  of  the 
\   Viso  is  gained  from  the  Grand  Rubren 
(3,341  m.,  10,962  ft.),  S.  of  the  Col 
de  Longet,  and  crowned  by  a  great 
cairn,  visible  from  Maljasset.  The 
ascent  takes  only       5  hrs.  thence, 
\   and  is  as  easy  as  possible.    The  Col 
j   La  Noire  route  (see  4.  below)  is  fol- 
!   lowed  to  the  Blavettes  huts  (marked 
!   2,353  m.  on  the  French  map)  on  the 
:   Col  La  Noire  route,  and  then  grass  and 
I   stones  lead  E.  to  the  great  stony  basin 
'   S.  of  the  lower  summit  (3,341  m., 
!    10,962  ft.)    The  latter  may  be  easily 
reached  hence,  but  it  is  worth  while 
\   to  push  on  from  that  basin  over  the 
'   S.   ridge  to  the   N.E.   arete  (over 
I   which  leads   the   Pas  so  del  Lupo), 
along   which    the    higher    and  E. 
summit  (3,396  m. ,  11,142  ft.)  (the 
Monte  Salza,  3,326  m.  of  the  Italian 
map)  is  attained.      This  point  com- 
mands an  even  finer  view  than  the 
other,  as  it  juts  out  towards  Monte 
Viso,  which  rises  opposite,  separated 
only  by  the  deep  cleft  of  the  Val 
Varaita.    This  higher  point,  reached 
by  Mr.  Coolidge  in  1879,  may  be 
gained   from   Casteldelfino,   in  the 
Val  Varaita,  by  the  Bellino  and  Roui 
glens    (see  Rte.   C),  the  Passo  del 
Lupo  (3,202  m.,  10,506  ft.),  between 
the  two  points,  being  thus  attained 
(7-8  hrs.  from  Casteldelfino).  The 
I   Rubren  is  one  of  the   four  points 
whence  the  finest  views  of  the  Viso 
are  obtained,  the  others  being  the 
Pelvo  d'Elva  (Rte.  D),  the  Pointe 
Joanne  (§  4.  Rte.  A.  I.  d),  and  the 
Monte  Meidassa  (§  4.  Rte.  B). 

This  necessarily  brief  notice  of  the 


ROUTE  B.    BARCELONNETTE  TO  GUILLESTRE  39 


peaks  round  Malj asset  shows  that 
this  spot  has  great  attractions  for  the 
mountaineer,  while  from  what  has 
been  and  will  be  said  it  is  clear  that 
almost  any  of  these  summits  may  be 
taken  on  the  way  from  Malj  asset  to 
one  or  other  of  the  surrounding 
valleys.  J 

We  must  now  proceed  to  give  a 
short  account  of  the  principal  passes 
which  lead  from  the  upper  valley  of 
the  Ubaye  (all,  save  two,  from  Mal- 
jasset  itself)  to  that  of  the  Guil,  across 
the  range  which  divides  those  two 
valleys.  Two  only  of  these  passes  can 
be  said  to  be  frequented,  the  char 
road  over  the  Col  de  Yars  and  the 
mule  path  over  the  Col  Girardin,  but 
there  are  many  other  passes  which 
are  of  interest  to  mountaineers  and 
which  deserve  at  least  a  slight  men- 
tion. A  glance  at  the  map  will  show 
that,  while  on  the  Ubaye  side  the 
lateral  glens  are  unimportant,  on  the 
other  side  there  are  no  less  than  four 
glens  which  descend  to  the  Guil 
valley  between  Guillestre  and  Abries, 
and  it  may  help  the  reader  to  obtain 
a  clear  idea  of  the  rather  intricate 
topography  if  we  group  these  passes 
according  to  the  glens  on  the  Guil 
side  into  which  they  lead. 

1.  By  the  Vars  Glen. — Char  road  ; 
m. ),  4|-5  hrs.  on  foot.  This  is 
the  easiest  and  most  direct  way  from 
the  Ubaye  to  the  Guil  valley,  for  the 
Col  de  Vars  road  passes  mainly  over 
very  fine  pastures,  and  has  been  used  j 
by  all  the  armies  which  have  crossed 
the  Col  de  l'Argentiere,  to  which  it  is 
the  gate,  as  the  lowest  gorge  of  the 
Ubaye,  near  its  confluence  with 
the  Durance,  was  till  recently  im- 
practicable. The  ascent  from  St. 
Paul  to  the  Col  is  rather  steep, 
the  road  winding  high  above  the  Left 
bank  of  the  stream.  The  summit, 
2,115  m.,  6,939  ft.  (4  m.),  has 
a  small  lake  which  is  reached  by 
a  pedestrian  in  2  hrs.  or  less  from  St. 
Paul.  The  slope  on  the  other  side  is 
much  gentler.  Less  than  |  hr.  below 
the  pass  is  one  of  the  '  Refuges  Napo- 
leon,' a  sort  of  modest  inn,  beyond 


which  a  most  charming  walk  over 
grass  slopes  and  through  woods  leads 
the  traveller  in  I  hr.  more  to  the  first 
hamlet,  that  of  Ste.  Marie.  J  hr.  on 
is  that  of  Vars Itself.  (Hence  the  easy 
Col  de  la  Coulette  (2,365  m. ,  7,760  ft. ) 
leads  over  to  Escreins.  See  2.  below. ) 
Another  forest  is  traversed,  and  then 
the  road  runs  along  a  promontory 
between  the  Chagne  stream  on  the 
left  and  that  of  the  Rioubel  on  the 
right,  splendid  views  of  the  Pelvoux 
and  its  neighbours,  seen  across  the 
Durance  valley,  diversifying  the  way. 
The  Rioubel  (flowing  from  the  valley 
of  Escreins— see  2.  below)  is  crossed 
just  before  entering  (if -2  hrs.  from 
Vars)  the  large  village  of  Guillestre 
(950m.,  3,117  ft.),  at  the  entrance  of 
the  glorious  Queyras  valley  (§  4. 
Rte.  B),  and  3  m.  by  road  from  the 
Montdauphin- Guillestre  station  on 
the  railway  from  Briancon  to  Gre- 
noble {%  9.  Rte.  Q). 

2.  By  the  Escreins  Glen. — This  is 
one  of  the  most  unknown  glens  in  the 
Alps,  and  has  been  but  rarely  visited 
by  travellers  of  any  nationality.  It  is 
traversed  by  the  Rioubel  torrent, 
which  flows  past  Guillestre  to  join 
the  Durance  under  the  fortress  of 
Montdauphin.  Near  the  solitary  ham- 
let in  the  valley,  Escreins,  c.  1,700  m. , 
5,578  ft.  (which  about  1890  was 
sold — houses,  church,  fields — to  the 
commune  of  Vars  for  pastures,  and  is 
now  entirely  abandoned  by  its  inha- 
bitants), two  glens  unite,  that  to  the 
S.  being  the  Vallon  Laugier,  and 
that  to  the  S.  E.  the  Rioubel  glen  : 
higher  up  the  latter  splits  into  two 
branches,  those  of  Salettes,  or  Houerts, 
and  Font  Sancte.  It  is  possible  to  go 
from  Maljasset  to  Guillestre  through 
any  of  these  glens.  The  best  route 
for  a  mountaineer  is  to  cross  the  fine 
peak  of  the  Font  Sancte,  3,370  m., 
11,057  ft.  (see  above),  which  is  well 
seen  from  the  hamlet  of  Escreins. 
The  most  direct  pass  is  the  Col  tfes 
Houerts,  which  might,  no  doubt,  be 
reached  from  the  Ubaye  valley  past 
the  Lacs  Bleu  and  Vert.  But  if 
starting  from  Maljasset  i:  is  better  to 


4o       COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  3.  CHAMBEYRON  DISTRICT 


mount  to  the  rock  hollow  of  the 
Vallon  Claus,  .at  the  S.W.  corner  of 
which  there  is.  a  great  rocky  gully,  by 
a  rocky  ridge  in  the  centre  of  which 
the  Col  de  Panestrel  can  be  attained 
in  4-4-!  hrs.  from  Malj asset.  This 
pass  is  at  the  .  S.  foot  of  Panestrel- 
(3,253  m.,  10,673  ft-:)s  accessible 
thence  in  under  \  hr.  A  traverse  of 
about  an  hour  in  a  N.  W.  direction 
through  a  wild  upland  glen  leads 
to  the  Col  des  Houerts,  whence 
Escreins  is  reached  through  the 
Salettes  glen  in  if  hr.  more.  Yet 
another  pass  is  the  Col  du  Vallon 
Laugier,  which  leads  from  the  village 
of  Grande  Serenne,  between  St.  Paul 
and  Mali  asset,  past  the  Lac  des  Neuf 
Couleurs,  over  the  ridge  W.  of  La 
Mortice  to  the  Vallon  Laugier,  and  so 
to  Escreins  in  5-6  hrs.  from  the 
Ubaye  valley,  there  being  no  difficulty, 
as  the  pass  is  well  known  locally, 
and  preferred  to  the  Col  des  Houerts  : 
it  was  crossed  in  1879  by  Mr. 
Coolidge.  (From  the  Lac  des  Neuf 
Couleurs  the  Col  dt  Serenne  leads 
over  to  Vars,  5-6  hrs.  from  Grande 
Serenne,  while  from  the  Vallon  Lau- 
gier the  easy  Col  de  la  Conlette 
(2,365  m. ,  7,760  ft.)  gives  access  to 
the  same  place. ) 

[From  the  hamlet  of  Escreins  two 
ascents  may  be  made  besides  those 
mentioned  above,  both  achieved 
for  the  first  time  in  188 1  by  Mr. 
Coolidge.  One  is  that  of  the  Pic 
Signaled  3,236  m.,  10,617  ft.  (also 
called  Pic  des  Houerts  and  Aiguille 
de  Jean  Postan),  which  rises  in 
solitary  fashion  between  the  Cols  des 
Houerts  and  cu  Vallon  Laugier  ; 
it  is  accessible  in  5  hrs.  or  less  from 
Escreins  by  the  Salettes  glen,  the 
great  snowfield  at  the  N.  foot  of  the 
peak,  and  the  rotten  rocks  of  its  N. 
face.  The  other  is  the  Pointe  des 
Henvieres  (3,273  m. ,  10,739  ft.), 
N.W.  of  the  Font  Sancte,  and  part  of 
a  superb  rock  and  snow  ridge  (the 
N.W.  point  of  which,  the  Pointe  de  la 
Saume  (3,203  ra.,  10,509  ft.),  seems 
to  be  still  unclimbed),  separating  the 
Escreins  and  Tronchet  glens.  The 


I  Henvieres  may  be  reached  in  4-5-hrs. 
from  Escreins  by  the  Font  Sancte 

I  glen,  a  hollow  at  the  S.W.  foot  of  the 

,  peak,  and  a  gully  of  shifting  debris 
which  leads  from  the  upper  edge  of 
the  snow  band  at  the  S.W.  base  of  the 
final  peak  to  the  S.  summit,  whence 

;  the  higher  N.   one  is  soon  gained. 

;  The  first  party  ascended  by  the  N.W. 
ridge  and  W.  face,  but  discovered  this 

;   curious  gully  (by  which  the  return  was 

i  very  much  shortened)  on  the  descent.  J 
A  mule  path  leads  from  Escreins 
along  the  right  bank  of  the  Rioubel 
torrent  to  Guillestre  in  I J  hr.  The 
upper  valley  is  fairly  broad  and 
well  wooded,  and  thence  zigzags  lead 

'  down  through  a  rock  gorge  past 
several  fine  '  earth  pillars. ;  The  last 
bit  is  by  a  path  through  an  avenue  of 

1  poplars. 

It  is  to  be  hoped  that  in  the  future 
mountaineers   will   more  frequently 

>  visit  this  remote  Alpine  valley  than 

;  has  been  the  case  in  the  past. 

3.  BytheM&l\&e  Glen.— The  vil- 

I  lage  of  Ceillac  (1,630  m.,  5,348  ft.) 
stands  in  a  large  open  valley,  which 
is  apparently  the  bed  of  an  old  lake. 
It  takes  about  i|  hr.  to  descend 
thence  (the  distance  is  5  m.)  through 
a  picturesque  narrow  gorge  to  the 
Mai  son  du  Poi,  on  the  high  road  in 

!  the  Queyras  valley  (§  4.  Rte.  B), 
3  m.  above  Guillestre.  Ceillac  is  built 
at  the  meeting  point  of  the  Tronchfo 
and  Crist  Ulan  torrents,  so  that  there 
are  several  ways  of  reaching  it  from 
Maljasset. 

Through  the  Tronchet  glen  two 

,  passes  lead  over  from  the  Ubaye 
valley.  The  easiest  and  shortest  is 
probably  the  middle  one  of  the  three, 
the  Col  Tro7ichet  (2,666  m.,  8,747 

:  traversed  by  a  mule  path,  by  which 
4-4-J  hrs.  suffice  to  go  from  Maljasset 
to  Ceillac.  Rather  longer,  but  far 
more  picturesque  is  the  path  (also  a 
mule  track)  over  the  Col  Girardin 
(2,699  m-?  8,855  which  passes 

close  under  the  cliffs  of  the  Font 

I  Sancte  and  of  the  Henvieres.  The 
way   mounts   from   the  valley  just 

I  below  Maljasset  by  many  zigzags  up 


ROUTE  B.    BARCELONNETTE  TO  GUILLESTRE  41 


a  steep  slope,  and  then  through  a 
stony  hollow  to  the  pass.  Most  of 
the  Chambeyron  peaks  are  visible 
hence,  while  a  glimpse  is  gained  of 
some  peaks  of  the  Pelvoux  group. 
A  short  descent  leads  down  to  the 
lake  of  Ste.  Anne,  near  which  is  the 
Chapel  of  Ste.  Anne,  whither  the 
inhabitants  of  Malj asset  and  of  Ceillac 
come  on  a  pilgrimage  on  St.  Ann's 
Day  (July  26)  each  year.  The 
position  is  a  dreary  one,  but  the 
reflection  of  the  great  peaks  on  the 
W.  in  the  still  waters  of  the  lake 
lends  a  certain  charm  to  the  scene. 
The  lake  is  sometimes  still  frozen  at 
the  end  of  June.  There  is  a  steep 
descent  on  the  N.E.  direct  to  the 
main  Tronchet  glen.  But  it  is  in 
every  way  preferable  to  follow  the 
path  in  a  N.W.  direction  from  the 
lake,  so  as  to  gain  the  little  lake  of 
Pres  Soubeyrans ,  set  in  a  frame  of 
green  pastures  and  overhung  by  the 
fine  chain  on  the  W.  A  steep 
descent,  partly  along  the  stream  from 
the  lake  (which  descends  on  the  E. 
to  form  the  magnificent  cascade  of 
Pisse,  opposite  the  Melezet  chalets, 
in  the  main  Tronchet  glen),  then  far 
to  the  left,  leads  down  from  this  high 
pasture  shelf  to  the  huts  of  Rtia  des 
Reynauds,  in  the  main  Tronchet  glen. 
Hence  there  is  a  char  road,  by  which 
Ceillac  is  reached  in  20  min.  more, 
this  delightful  walk  from  Malj  asset 
requiring  about  4^-5  hrs.  without 
hurrying. 

Of  the  two  passes  which  descend 
into  the  Cristillan  glen  on  the  Ceillac 
side  the  more  southerly,  the  Col  du 
Tieoure,  will  be  taken  only  by  a 
party  desirous  of  climbing  the  Peon 
Roc,  3,231  m.,  10,601  ft.  (see  above) 
en  rotite.  The  foot  track  mounts 
from  the  Paroird  lake  (see  under  4. 
below,  50  min.  above  Maljasset)  by 
a  steep  glen  to  the  reddish  brown 
rocks  of  the  pass,  which  contrast 
strongly  with  the  white  rocks  of  the 
peak.  The  Col  may  be  attained  in 
3  hrs.  from  Maljasset,  and  thence 
stones  lead  down  to  the  head  of 
the  Cristillan  glen,  by  which  Ceillac 


is  attained  in  2J  hrs.  from  the 
pass.  The  more  northerly,  the  Col 
de  Cristillan,  is  more  useful,  for 
when  combined  with  the  Col  de 
Longet,  (see  next  Rte.)  it  affords  a 
direct  route  by  which  it  is  possible 
to  go  in  one  day  from  Casteldelfino, 
in  the  Varaita  valley,  to  Guillestre. 
'  To  reach  the  Col  de  Cristillan  from 
the  Col  de  Longet  you  descend, 
passing  on  the  right  of  the  Lac  de 
Longet,  to  the  chalets  at  the  junction 
of  the  Cula  glen  with  the  main 
Maurin  glen.  Here  turn  to  the  right 
up  the  Cula  glen  to  the  point  where 
it  forks.  The  right-hand  branch 
leads  to  the  Col  de  la  Cula  (see  under 
4.  below),  giving  access  to  St.  Veran. 
Follow  the  left-hand  branch,  ascend- 
ing over  steep  pastures,  until  you 
reach  a  waste  tract  covered  with 
mica-schist.  Thence,  bearing  rather 
to  the  left,  you  gain  a  flat  upland 
valley,  with  scattered  blocks  of  iron- 
stained  serpentine,  wherein  there  is 
a  small  pool.  The  Col  de  Cristillan 
(9,771  ft.,  W.  M.)  is  at  the  head  of 
this  valley,  and  a  faint  track  leads  to 
it.  The  views  from  the  Col  are  very 
fine,  including  the  Chambeyron  and 
Dauphine  peaks,  besides  Mont  Blanc. 
The  descent  from  the  Col  is  over  a 
steep  slope  of  loose  stones,  but  when 
once  the  pastures  are  reached  the 
path  is  good,  and  the  walking  very 
easy'  (T.  G.  B.,  revised).  Many 
huts  and  small  hamlets  are  passed  on 
the  way  down.  Two  hrs.  or  so 
should  be  reckoned  from  one  pass 
to  the  other,  and  2\  hrs.  more  from 
the  second  pass  to  Ceillac. 

[Just  before  gaining  the  hamlet  of 
Le  Villard  on  the  descent  the  Cristillan 
glen  turns  from  a  N.W.  course  to  a 
slightly  S.W.  direction.  From  this 
turn  two  passes  lead  over  to  other 
glens.  That  on  the  N.E.  is  the  Col  des 
Estronques  (c.  2,600  m.,  8,531  ft.), 
by  which  St.  Veran  may  be  gained 
in  3 1  hrs.  from  Ceillac;  the  ascent 
by  many  zigzags  is  steep,  but  easy. 
On  the  other  side  the  track  runs 
through  a  desolate  glen,  for  long 
high  up  on  its  lef^  side,  the  village 


42       COTTIAN  ALPS.    L    §  3.  CHAMBEYRON  DISTRICT 


of  St.  Veran  being  always  seen 
straight  ahead.  The  other  pass  is 
the  Col  Frontage  (c.  2,319  m.,  7,609 
ft.),  reached  in  i|-2  hrs.  from 
Ceiilac.  The  way  continues  for  J  hr. 
to  the  N.  over  stony  pastures,  amid 
which  rises  a  single  giant  pine  tree, 
to  the  Petit  Col  Frontage  (2,269  m-> 
7,445  ft.),  while  on  the  right  hand 
there  rise  the  two  strange  pointed 
rock  summits  known  as  the  Mamelles. 
(The  lower  of  these  (2,618  m.,  8,590 
ft.)  is  much  easier  than  the  more 
southerly  (2,722  m.,  8,931  ft.),  which 
can  be  scaled  with  difficulty  by  way 
of  the  S.  ridge,  gained  through  the 
hollow  S.E.  of  the  Petit  Col,  or 
better  from  the  Col  de  Fromage  by 
crossing  the  gap  between  these  two 
peaks,  and  then  skirting  the  base  of 
the  higher.)  From  the  Petit  Col 
the  traveller  may  go  along  the  E. 
side  of  the  charming  Bramousse 
gorge  direct  to  Chateau  Queyras 
(?  1  hr. ),  but  it  is  better  to  bear  N.E. 
through  forests  and  over  a  low  de- 
pression (the  Col  St.  Simon)  to 
Molines  (2  hrs.),  3  m.  above  Ville 
Vieille,  which  is  2  m.  by  road  above 
Chateau  Queyras,  or  14  m.  above 
Guillestre  (§  4.  Rte.  B).jj 

4.  By  the  St.  Veran  Glen, — The 
extreme  head  of  the  Ubaye  valley  is 
formed  by  a  short  ridge  running  E. 
and  YV. ,  in  the  midst  of  which  rises 
the  peak  of  the  Farnareita  (3, 134  m. , 
10,283  ft. ),  which  separates  the  Col  de 
la  Cida,  on  the  W.  (6  hrs.  from  Mal- 
jasset  to  St.  Veran),  from  the  Col  La 
Noire,  on  the  E. ,  the  latter  being  the 
most  convenient  route  by  which  to  go 
from  Malj asset  by  St.  Veran  to  the 
Guil  valley. 

From  Malj  asset  the  rough  char 
road  (full  of  deep  ruts)  to  the  marble 
quarries  is  followed  along  the  right 
bank  of  the  Ubaye.  It  mounts  over 
a  great  spur  formed  by  fallen  rocks 
from  beyond  Combe  Bremond,  the 
last  hamlet,  till  a  point  is  reached 
above  the  considerable  Lac  du  Paroird 
(50  min.),  at  the  junction  of  the  glens 
leading  to  the  Cols  du  Tieoure  (3. 
abave)  and  de  Lautaret  (next  Rte.) 


with  the  main  valley.  It  is  often 
stated  that  this  lake  is  due  to  a  great 
landslip,  or  to  a  barrier  formed  by  the 
moraine  of  an  old  glacier,  but  it 
really  owes  its  origin  to  a  movement 
in  the  earth  itself.  Formerly  the 
lake  was  a  pretty  sight,  with  the  pine 
forest  on  its  S.  shore  reflected  in  its 
still  waters,  but  since  1887  great 
landslips  have  reduced  it  to  a  muddy 
pool  of  small  extent.  The  road 
passes  above  its  N.  shore  to  the 
chalets  of  Ga  (2,065  m-j  6,775  ft), 
15-25  min.  (for  the  way  to  the  Col 
de  Lautaret  see  next  Rte.),  and 
thence  mounts  first  on  the  left,  then 
on  the  right,  bank  of  the  Ubaye 
i  through  a  narrow  gorge  to  the  fine 
I  pastures  of  Blavettes,  with  chalets 
(2,353  m.,  7,720  ft.),  \  hr.  On  the 
E.  is  the  glen  leading  up  to  the 
Grand  Rubren,  while  near  the  main 
path  is  the  chief  quarry  of  the  cele- 
brated green  marble  of  Maurin,  speci- 
mens of  which  are  to  be  seen  scat- 
tered about  from  Malj  asset  upwards. 
Hence  a  mule  path  mounts  gently 
over  pastures  to  the  highest  chalets, 
at  the  meeting  of  the  glens  from  the 
Cols  de  la  Cula  and  de  Longet  (20 
min.)  The  track  to  the  latter  pass 
;  is  followed  for  some  time,  and  then  it 
j  is  necessary  to  gradually  bear  (hardly 
,  any  track)  towards  the  N. ,  so  as  to 
gain  the  Col  La  Noire,  2,999  m-> 
!  9,839  ft.  (about  3  hrs.  from  Mal- 
■  j  asset),  at  the  N.  edge  of  a  wild, 
stony  tract.  Hence  the  Famareita 
on  the  W..j  or  the  Tete  des  Toillies 
on  the  E.  (see  above),  may  each  be 
ascended  in  J  hr.  or  less.  St.  Veran 
is  seen  from  the  pass,  as  well  as  many 
of  the  Dauphine  peaks,  but  the 
panorama  may  be  much  extended  by 
I  mounting  either  summit,  the  Toillies 
I  being  specially  recommended.  The 
first  part  of  the  descent  on  the  N.  is 
stony,  though  not  difficult,  and  soon 
the  mule  track  from  the  Col  Blanchet 
(see  §  4.  Rte.  A)  is  joined.  At  a 
large  chapel  a  char  road  commences, 
and  runs  above  the  right  bank  of  the 
torrent  to  St.  Veran,  2,009  m., 
6,592   ft.    (2|  hrs.  from  the  Col.) 


ROUTE  B.    BARCELONNETTE  TO  GUILLESTRE  43 


This  village  is  a  long  straggling 
hamlet  built  along  the  hill-side,  and 
forming  but  one  street,  and  is  pic- 
turesque, though  dirty.  It  is  not  the 
highest  permanently  inhabited  hamlet 
in  France,  as  is  often  asserted,  this 
being  L'Ecot  (2,046  m.,  6,713  ft.), 
near  Bonneval,  in  the  Maurienne 
(§13.  Rte.  I),  while  several  villages 
in  the  Swiss  and  Italian  Alps  are  even 
higher  than  L'Ecot.  St.  Veran  is 
3  m.  by  a  char  road  along  the  Aigue 
Blanche  from  Molines,  where  this 
route  joins  that  from  Casteldelfino 
over  the  Col  dell'  Agnello  (§  4.  Rte. 
A),  Molines  being  3  m.  above  Ville 
Vieille,  in  the  Guil  valley,  which  is 
itself  2  m.  from  Chateau  Queyras  or 
14  m.  from  Guillestre  (§  4.  Rte.  B). 


Route  C. 

BARCELONNETTE  TO  CASTELDELFINO 
BY  THE  VALLEY  OF   THE  UBAYE. 

In  the  preceding  Rte.  we  described 
the  ridge  which  separates  the  upper 
Ubaye  valley  from  that  of  the  Guil, 
on  the  N.W.  To  complete  our 
account  of  the  upper  Ubaye  valley 
the  present  Rte.  should  describe 
the  ridge  enclosing  it  on  its  S.E. 
But  while  in  the  case  of  the  N.W. 
ridge  all  the  lateral  glens  are 
tributaries  of  one  and  the  same  prin- 
cipal valley,  we  find  on  consulting 
a  map  that  two  quite  distinct  valleys 
flow  down  from  the  S.E.  ridge  of  our 
valley,  the  Val  Varaita  running  N.  of 
the  Val  Maira.  It  is  more  con- 
venient, therefore,  to  include  in  this 
Rte.  only  the  N.  part  of  the  boundary 
ridge,  that  over  which  the  Val 
Varaita  may  be  reached,  reserving  to 
the  next  Rte.  our  notice  of  the  Val 
Maira  and  the  various  passes  at  its 
head. 

The  most  direct  way  from  Malj  asset 
to  Casteldelfino ^  at  the  head  of  the 
Val  Varaita,  is  by  the  Col  de  Roure  or 
de  Ciabriera  (2,825  m->  9>2&9  ft.)> 


which  may  be  attained  in  4  hrs.  from 
Malj  asset  by  following  first  the  track 
over  the  Col  de  Mary  or  de  Maurin, 
then  bearing  gradually  S.E.  past  the 
Roure  lakes  to  the  Col.  It  is  just  S. 
of  the  Dents  de  Maniglia  (3,177  m., 
10,424  ft.),  which  are  easily  ascended 
hence  in  I  hr.  This  pass  naturally 
leads  into  the  head  of  the  Val  Maira, 
but  it  is  perfectly  easy  to  traverse 
from  it  to  the  S.E.  in  \  hr.  to  the 
Colletta  di  Chiapera,  2,799  m., 
9,183  ft.  (aim  at  a  point  S.E,  of  the 
apparently  lowest  depression),  which 
connects  the  head  of  the  Val  Maira 
with  the  Bellino  glen  of  the  Val 
Varaita  ;  J-  hr.  more  suffices  to  gain 
the  mule  track  of  the  Col  de  Lautaret 
(see  below),  at  the  chalets  of  that 
name.  But  the  more  usual  ways 
from  Malj  asset  to  Casteldelfino  are 
the  mule  paths  over  the  Col  de  Lau- 
taret or  the  Col  de  Longet. 

r.  The  path  to  the  Col  de  Lan- 
taret  quits  the  Ubaye  valley  at  the 
Ga  huts,  i\  hr.  from  Maljasset,  and 
at  the  E.  end  of  the  Paroird  lake  (see 
last  Rte.,  4.  under  the  Col  La  Noire), 
and  then  turns  S.E.  up  the  splendid 
pasture  valley  of  Lautaret.  The 
track  runs  at  a  considerable  height 
above  the  right  bank  of  the  torrent, 
crossing  to  the  other  bank  higher  up, 
and  mounting  by  the  sinuous  path, 
(ill-marked  and  not  good  for  mules) 
known  as  the  Pas  des  Marchands  to 
a  level  plain,  \\  hr.  from  Ga. 

[Here  there  opens  out  on  the  N.  a 
hollow  through  which  the  fine  peak 
of  the  Pic  du  Pelvat  (3,218  m., 
10,558  ft.)  may  be  scaled  without 
any  difficulty  in  2  hrs.  by  way  of  the 
rocks  on  the  left  bank  of  the  central 
couloir  in  the  E.  face,  the  view  from, 
the  summit  being  most  magnificent.] 

Three-quarters  of  an  hour  more 
suffices  by  a  zigzag  path  up  loose 
stones  to  gain  the  pass  (2,873  m-> 
9,426  ft.),  which  is  thus  3J-  hrs.  from 
Maljasset.  It  is  a  mere  ridge  marked 
by  a  cross  and  a  boundary  stone, 
dated  1824,  with  the  cross  of  Savoy 
and  the  fleur  de  lys  of  France,  The: 
view  includes  many  summits  of  the 


44       COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  3. 

Pelvoux  group,  including  the  Aiguilles 
d'Arves,  as  well  as  most  of  the  nearer 
peaks. 

More  stones  lead  down  on  the 
Italian  side  in  a  due  S.  direction 
(notice  this)  in  f  hr.  to  the  Lautaret 
huts,  in  a  wild  basin  surrounded  on 
all  sides  by  rugged  summits,  whence 
on  looking  back  there  seems  no 
visible  means  of  exit.  The  path  now 
turns  sharply  to  the  N.  E.  along  the 
left  bank  of  the  torrent,  and  in 
20  min.  attains  the  edge  of  the 
1  Barricata,'  down  which  it  descends 
in  zigzags  to  the  pasture  plain  of 
Cejol  {\  hr.)  This  is  surrounded  on 
all  sides  by  precipices,  and  is  at  the 
junction  of  the  Roni  glen  leading  i;p 
to  the  Grand  Rubren.  Thence  the 
Bel  lino  glen  runs  in  a  due  E.  direc- 
tion, the  path  following  one  or  other 
bank  of  the  stream,  past  the  principal 
hamlet  of  Bellino-Chiesa  (if  hr.),  to 
its  union  with  the  Varaita  valley  at 
Casteldelfino  (1  hr. ),  which  is  thus 
gained  in  about  4  hrs.  from  the  pass 
(see  §  4.  Rte.  A). 

2.  The  way  over  the  Col  de  Longet 
is  even  easier,  for  the  mule  track  is 
much  better  traced,  and  more  fre- 
quented. The  way  from  Maljasset 
as  far  as  the  highest  chalets  has 
been  described  in  Rte.  B.  4.  Here 
our  path  bears  due  E.,  and  traverses 
a  bare,  stony  plateau,  whereon  are 
several  tarns  and  the  more  consider- 
able Lac  de  Longet,  which  is  the 
true  source  of  the  Ubaye,  to  the  Col 
(about  3  hrs.  from  Maljasset), 
2,672  m.,  8,767  ft.  It  is  marked  by 
a  boundary  stone,  dated  1823,  and  j 
bearing  the  cross  of  Savoy,  and  the 
fleur  de  lys  of  France,  placed  here, 
as  on  so  many  of  the  frontier  passes, 
by  the  Commission  for  the  Measure- 
ment of  an  Arc  of  the  Mean  Parallel. 
The  pass  commands  a  fine  view  of  the 
Viso,  and  of  the  numerous  tarns  on 
the  Italian  side.  The  path  descends 
in  an  E.  direction  past  the  highest 
and  most  picturesque  of  these,  and 
below  the  second  winds  down  steeply, 
and  unites  successively  with  the  paths 
from  the  Cols  Blanchet  and  de  St.  I 


CHAMBEYRON  DISTRICT 

Veran  (§  4.  Rte.  A.  1.  a),  finally 
reaching  a  hollow  wherein  the  way 
from  the  Col  dell'  Agnello  (■§  4. 
Rte.  A.  I.  c)  is  joined,  a  little  above  La 
Chianale  (ij  hr.  from  the  Col  de 
Longet).  Casteldelfino  is  hence 
gained  by  the  last-mentioned  route  in 
2  hrs.  or  less. 


Route  D. 

CUNEO  TO  BARCELONXETTE  BY  THE 
VAL  MAIRA. 

Steam  tramway  to  Dronero  ;  carriage 
road  thence  to  Acceglio  ;  thence 
mule  paths. 

Whoever  has  looked  across  the 
plain  of  Piedmont  from  an  Alpine 
eminence  must  have  noticed  the 
range  of  the  Montferrat  Hills  (rising 
immediately  E.  of  Turin),  on  one  of 
the  outliers  of  which  stands  the 
famous  Church  of  the  Superga.  At  a 
not  distant  period — as  geologists 
reckon  time — when  the  valley  of  the 
Po  was  a  gulf  whence  the  waters 
were  slowly  retiring  towards  the 
Adriatic,  these  hills  formed  a  group 
of  low  islands  ;  and  at  a  still  later 
period,  when  the  sea  had  quitted  the 
surrounding  plains,  they  served  to 
separate  the  streams  poured  out  from 
each  of  the  main  valleys  of  the  neigh- 
bouring Alps,  forcing  them  into  two 
main  channels — one  flowing  to  the 
S.,  and  the  other  to  the  N.,  of  these 
hills.  The  first  of  these  is  that  in 
which  the  united  waters  of  the  Stura, 
Tanaro,  and  Bormida,  with  their 
numerous  affluents,  roll  towards  the 
Adriatic  beneath  the  walls  of  Ales- 
sandria. The  other,  and  more  con- 
siderable, channel  is  that  of  the  Po, 
which,  issuing  from  its  source  under 
the  Viso  into  the  plain,  receives  a 
number  of  affluents  equal  to  itself  in 
volume,  and  passing  Turin,  sweeps 
round  the  northern  base  of  the  Mont- 
ferrat range,  till  all  these  waters  are 


ROUTE  D.    VAL  MAIRA 


45 


finally  united  a  few  miles  E.  of 
Valenza. 

The  Maira,  and  its  affluent  the 
Grana^  although  they  enter  the  Pied- 
montese  plain  very  near  Cuneo,  and 
for  some  distance  run  parallel  to  the 
Stura,  mingle  their  waters  with  those 
of  the  Po.  If  the  rule  which  attri- 
butes to  the  longest  branch  of  a  great 
river  the  distinction  of  bearing  its 
name  were  constantly  observed,  the 
source  of  the  Po  would  be  sought  at 
the  head  of  the  Val  Maira,  and  that 
valley  would  not  have  been  so  much, 
and  so  undeservedly,  neglected  by 
geographers  and  travellers  as  it  has 
hitherto  been. 

From  Cuneo  to  the  fine,  cheer- 
ful country  town  of  Dronero  (8,000 
inhabitants)  the  steam  tramway  ( 1 1  m. ) 
runs  over  a  tolerably  level  stretch  of 
country,  skirting  the  hills,  and  cross- 
ing the  Grana  torrent  at  Caraglio 
(7  m.)  at  the  opening  of  the  Val 
Grana  (see  next  Rte. ) 

6  m.  W.  of  Dronero  is  Saw  Dami- 
ano,  a  commune  composed  of  no 
fewer  than  fifty-two  hamlets.  The 
chief  of  these  is  finely  situated,  in  the 
lower  open  part  of  the  Val  Maira, 
surrounded  by  rich  cultivation  and 
fine  trees. 

[Hence  the  mule  path  leads  in  a 
N.  W.  direction  in  5  hrs.  to  Sampeyre, 
in  the  Varaita  valley,  passing  over  the 
Col  de  Biron  (1,692  m.,  5,551  ft.') J 

Above  the  village  the  valley  con- 
tracts, and  speedily  assumes  the 
character  which  it  maintains  for  the 
greater  part  of  its  length — that  of  a 
deep  narrow  trench  cut  into  sedimen- 
tary rocks.  The  similarity  of  cha- 
racter between  the  main  valley  and 
many  of  its  tributary  glens  shows  that 
their  actual  form  is  due  to  the  mode 
of  disintegration  of  the  strata  through 
which  they  pass.  The  torrent  of  the 
Maira  in  most  places  runs  in  a  mere 
cleft  at  the  bottom  of  the  trench,  be- 
tween walls  of  rock  nearly  vertical, 
so  that  it  is  scarcely  anywhere  acces- 
sible. But  the  hill-sides  above  are 
very  lovely,  especially  in  the  early 
summer.  The  road  leading  to  Stroppo 


is  carried  along  the  steep  N.  side  of 
the  valley,  and  is  exposed  to  the  full 
force  of  the  sun  in  a  hot  narrow 
valley,  so  that  it  is  oppressively 
hot  in  summer,  and  should  be  tra- 
versed either  in  early  morning  or 
towards  evening.  4  m.  from  San 
Damiano  is  Alma^  and  3  m.  further, 
past  the  opening  of  the  Albaretto 
glen  (see  Rte.  E),  as  the  valley 
becomes  still  narrower  and  wilder, 
is  Stroppo  (944  m.,  3,097  ft.) 

[For  the  Col  della  Cavallina  to  the 
village  of  Elva  see  below.  J 

Beyond  Stroppo,  on  the  S.  side  of 
the  valley,  is  the  opening  of  the 
Marmora  glen,  through  the  S. 
branch  of  which  the  Col  del  Mulo 
leads  to  Sambuco,  or  Demonte,  in  the 
Stura  valley,  and  the  Col  de  Sibolet — 
see  next  Rte.  — to  the  Val  Grana, 
while  through  the  S.W.  branch  it  is 
possible  to  cross  over  to  Ponte 
Bernardo,  in  the  Stura  valley,  by  the 
Col  de  Servagno  (2,578  m.,  8,458  ft.) 
Among  debris  above  Prazzo  is  found 
the  extremely  rare  Artemisia  pede- 
montana.  4  m.  beyond  Stroppo,  and 
28  m.  from  Cuneo,  is  Prazzo  (1,030 
m-j  3,379  ft.),  in  a  picturesque 
position  above  the  left  bank  of  the 
Maira. 

[Hence   the   Col  della  Bicocca 

(2,289  m->  7o10  ft-)  leads  over  to 
Casteldelfmo.  The  ravine  descending 
from  the  pass  towards  the  Val  Maira 
is  so  steep  and  precipitous  as  to  be 
utterly  impassable.  For  this  reason 
the  mule  paths  from  Stroppo  and 
Prazzo  wind  respectively  over  the 
mountain  slopes  on  the  E.  and  W.  to 
gain  the  upper  basin,  by  which  the 
Col  is  attained.  The  track  from 
Stroppo,  after  a  rather  long  and  steep 
ascent,  gains  the  Col  della  Cavallina 
(2,088  m.,  6,851  ft.),  very  fine  views 
being  obtained  of  the  higher  peaks  of 
the  Maritime  Alps,  seen  over  the 
nearer  range  separating  the  Maira 
and  Stura  valleys.  Hence  there  is  a 
gentle  descent  to  the  village  of  Elva 
(2k  hrs.  from  Stroppo),  situated  in  a 
wide  and  smiling  hollow.  Silene  Val- 
lesia  and  Saxifraga  diapensioides ',  with 


46       COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  3.  CHAMBEYRON  DISTRICT 


other   rare  plants,  are  found  here- 
abouts.   The  Elva  basin  can  also  be 
gained  from  Prazzo  past  San  Michele, 
and  over  the    Colle    San  Michele 
(1,902  m.,  6,240  ft.),  by  a  mule  path 
which  traverses  opposite  Elva  high 
above  the  right  side  of  the  gorge,  and 
finally  crosses  the  stream  at  Chiosso 
(3f  hrs.  from  Prazzo),  so  as  to  join 
the  direct  path  coming  from  Elva. 
It  is  possible  to  ascend  hence  direct 
by  a  steep  track  to  the  Col  in  i|  hr. 
or  so,  but  it  is  best  to  follow  the  path 
which    zigzags  round   the  hill-side 
to  the  E.,  thus  gaining  the  Col  in 
2  hrs.  from  Elva,  4J-5J  hrs.  being 
thus  required  for  the  ascent  from  the 
Val  Maira.  From  the  Col,  near  which 
there  are  remains  of  old  entrench- 
ments, there  is  a  very  fine  view  of  the 
S.  face  of  Monte  Viso,  which  rises 
above  all  intermediate  objects  in  suc- 
cessive tiers  of  rock  and  ice  slope, 
while  the  great  summits  of  the  Mari- 
time Alps  are  also  seen  to  the  S.  To 
the  S.W.  of  the  pass  is  the  steep 
peak  of  the  Pelvo  d'Elva  (3,064  m., 
10,053  ft-)>  the  ascent  of  which  is 
much  recommended,  as  it  is  one  of 
the  most  magnificent  belvederes  in  the 
district.    Elva  is  the  local  name  for 
the  Pinns  Cembra.     1  hr.  suffices  to 
go  from  the  Col  along  the  undulating 
ridge  to  the  foot  of  the  Pelvo,  whence 
2  hrs.  more  are  required  by  either  the 
easy  E.  face,  N.E.  ridge,  S.  face,  or 
(the  easiest  route  of  all)  the  high 
S.W.  shoulder,  to  gain  the  great  cairn 
on  the  summit.    No  traveller  passing 
this  way  in  fine  weather  should  neg- 
lect to  make  this  ascent.   By  bearing 
to  the  N.  W.  from  the  Col  it  is  easy  to 
gain  in  hr.  the  principal  hamlet 

in  the  Bellino  glen,  which  is  1  hr. 
from  Casteldelfino.  But  it  is  shorter 
to  descend  slightly  N.  E.  through  the 
forest  direct  to  Casteldelfino,  though 
it  is  better  to  take  a  good  path  which 
traverses  far  to  the  N.  E.  to  the  Peyron 
huts,  and  then  zigzags  down  through 
the  forest,  the  village  being  thus 
attained  in  i-|hr.  from  the  pass.  J 

Beyond  Prazzo  the   road  mounts 
along  the  left   bank  of  the  Maira,  I 


passes  below  the  hamlet  of  Ussolo, 
perched  on  a  rock  above,  and  enters 
a  pretty  basin,  in  which  is  Acceglio 
(1 ',265  m. ,  4,150  ft.),  the  highest 
village  of  any  size  in  the  Val  Maira. 
It  is  4  m.  from  Prazzo,  or  32  m.  from 
Cuneo. 

Many  passes  lead  from  the  head  of 
the  Val  Maira  in  various  directions. 
To  the  S.W.  the  Col  della  Scaletta 
gives  access  to  Argentera,  in  the  Stura 
valley,  while  to  the  W.  the  Cols  des 
Monges  and  de  Sautron   (all  three 
noticed  in  Rte.  A)  lead  to  Larche,  in 
the  Ubayette  valley.    The  Col  della 
I    Gippiera,  on  the  N.W.  between  the 
|   Brec  and    Aiguille  de  Chambeyron 
(both  summits  may  be  ascended  hence), 
to  St.  Paul  sur  Ubaye,  is  described  in 
Rte.  B,  and  the  Colletta  di  Chiapera 
to  Casteldelfino  by  the  Bellino  glen 
in  Rte.  C,  as  well  as  the  Col  de  Roure 
to    Maljasset.      The    Col   de  Vers 
(2,860  m.,  9,384  ft.)  leads  to  the 
Bellino  glen,  and  so  to  Casteldelfino 
(8  hrs.)    The  Col  de  Slroppia,  or  della 
Ahibiera  (2,842  m. ,  9,325    ft.),  is, 
however,  the  most  direct  way  (6  J  hrs. ) 
to  St.  Paul  sur  Ubaye,  as  it  descends 
through  the  Fouillouze  glen,  while 
similarly  the  Col  de   Mary,  or  de 
Maurtn  (2,654  m.,  8,708  ft.),  is  the 
best  route  (for  it  is  traversed  by  a  mule 
track)  from  Acceglio  to  Maljasset. 
The  way  mounts  the  Val  Maira  to 
the  houses  of  Sareflo,  and  then  turns 
N.W.  with  the  Maira  stream,  which 
is  followed,  gradually  bearing  due  N. , 
past  many  chalets.    At  those  of  Gar- 
detta  (2,153  m-j  7>°64  ft-)  the  way  to 
the  Colletta  di  Chiapera  branches  off 
to  the  N.E.,  while  higher  up  on  the 
way  to  our  pass  there  is  a  military 
shelter  hut  near  the  small  lake  of 
Sagro  del  Colle.    The  Col  de  Mary 
is  attained  in   about    5    hrs.  from 
Acceglio,  and  thence  2  hrs.  or  less 
suffice  to  reach  Maljasset.    The  mule 
path  runs  through  the  broad  Combe 
de  Mary  direct  to  that  village,  the 
tracks  from  the  Col  de  Marinet  on 
the  W.  (at  the  foot  of  the  Aiguille  de 
Chambeyron)  and  the  Col  de  Roure 
on  the  N.E.  falling  in  on  the  way. 


ROUTE  E.    VAL  GRANA  47 


Route  E. 

CUNEO  TO  THE  STURA  OR  MAIRA 
VALLEYS  BY  THE  VAL  GRANA. 

Steam  tramway  to  Caraglio ;  char 
road  to  Castelmagno  ;  mule  paths 
thence. 

The  Val  Grana  is  a  deep  indenta- 
tion in  the  range  which  separates  the 
valleys  of  the  Stura  and  the  Maira, 
not  penetrating,  however,  to  the 
watershed  of  the  Alpine  chain,  from 
which  that  range  projects.  At  the 
head  of  the  valley,  where  the  ridges 
that  enclose  it  on  either  side  converge, 
there  is  a  slight  depression,  the  Col 
de  Pra  Giordan  (called  on  the  Italian 
map  Colle  Vdllonetto)  (2,425  m., 
7,956  ft.),  which  leads  to  the  plain 
of  the  Col  del  Mzclo,  2,401  m., 
7,87%  ft.  (see  Rte.  A),  whence  it  is 
easy  to  descend  either  to  Demonte 
or  Sambuco,  in  the  Stura  valley,  on 
the  S.,  or  to  Prazzo,  in  Val  Maira, 
on  the  N.  About  7  hrs.  suffice  to 
reach  either  village  from  Castel- 
magno, the  highest  hamlet  in  the 
Val  Grana.  But  this  route  is  here 
mentioned  as  merely  a  topographical 
curiosity,  for,  as  will  be  seen  below, 
there  are  more  direct  passes  from  the 
Val  Grana  to  the  two  neighbouring 
glens. 

From  Cuneo  the  steam  tramway 
towards  Dronero  (see  last  Rte.)  is 
followed  as  far  as  Caraglio  (7  m.) 
on  the  Grana  stream.  Hence  the 
carriage  road  runs  W.  up  the  Val 
Grana,  first  on  one,  then  on  the  other 
bank  of  that  torrent.  In  3  m.  the 
chief  hamlet,  Valgrana,  is  passed, 
and  3  m.  further  is  the  village  of 
Monterosso. 

[Hence  a  mule  path  runs  S.  over 
the  Col  delV  Ortiga  (1,768  m., 
5,801  ft.)  to  Demonte,  in  the  Stura 
valley,  in  4J  hrs.  3 

•  All  this  lower  portion  of  the  Val 
Grana  is  exceedingly  picturesque  and 
well  wooded.  Perhaps  the  prettiest 
spot  in  the  valley  is  the  village  of 


Pradleves  (816  m.,  2,677  ft.),  which 
is  3  m.  beyond  Monterosso,  and  is 
reached  through  a  very  thickly 
wooded  glen.  A  pretty  wooded 
and  winding  glen  leads  on  up  the 
main  valley  to  the  narrow  and  very 
striking  gorge  of  Castelmagno,  the 
hamlet  of  that  name  (1,150  rru, 
3,773  ft.)  hanging  on  the  hill-side, 
being  5  m.  from  Pradleves,  or  21  m. 
from  Cuneo.  Here  the  char  road 
comes  to  an  end.  The  valley  above 
is  barren  and  desolate.  Below  the 
Sanctuary  of  San  Magrio,  1,780  m., 
5,840  ft.  (the  saint  was  one  of  the 
Theban  Legion),  the  paths  divide 
(if  hr.  from  Castelmagno),  that  to 
the  left  (W. )  going  on  towards  the 
Colle  Vallonetto.  Our  track  climbs 
steeply  up  to  the  Sanctuary,  passes 
N.  W.  over  rolling  pastures  to  a  green 
basin,  and  then  mounts  by  a  rocky 
barrier  to  an  upper  basin,  at  the  head 
of  which,  and  reached  by  stones  and  a 
zigzag  path,  is  the  Col  de  Sibolet, 
2,561  m.,  8,403  ft.  (2  hrs.  from  the 
bifurcation).  On  it  there  is  a  small 
lake.  The  view  includes  all  the 
Chambeyron  peaks  and  some  of  the 
Maritime  Alps,  as  well  as  the  Sanc- 
tuary of  San  Magno. 

[By  bearing  N.  just  before  reaching 
the  pass  a  path  is  gained  which  crosses 
the  Col Intersile  (2,523  m.,  8,278  ft.), 
and  descends  by  a  good  path  on  the 
left  side  of  the  A  Ibaretto  glen  to  Alma, 
in  the  Val  Maira.  J 

A  steep  descent  leads  due  W. 
down  to  the  mule  path  in  the  Mar- 
mora glen,  coming  direct  from  Sam- 
buco by  the  Col  del  Mulo  (f  hr.) 
The  upper  part  of  this  glen  is  un- 
interesting. The  mule  path  passes 
through  Veimetti  or  Marmora,  at  the 
junction  of  the  two  arms  of  the  valley 
(ijhr.),  opposite  Canosio,  in  the S. W. 
arm,  and  in  a  short  hour  more  through 
a  pretty  gorge  attains  the  Val  Mai?'a, 
f  hr.'s  walk  up  which  brings  the 
traveller  to  Prazzo,  which  is  thus 
attained  in  about  7  hrs.  from  Castel- 
magno. 


48  COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §4.  VISO  DISTRICT 


SECTION  4. 

VISO  DISTRICT. 

In  the  Introduction  to  this  Chapter 
Monte  Viso  was   compared   to  the 
salient  angle  of  a  bastion  projecting 
from  the  main  watershed  of  the  Alps 
towards  the  plain  of  Piedmont.  This 
angle  is  so  extremely  sharp  that,  if  a 
circle  be  drawn  round  the  mountain, 
more  than  seven-eighths  of  the  cir- 
cumference will  lie  on  the  side  of 
Piedmont,  while  less  than  one-eighth 
will  be  included  in  the  narrow  valley 
of  the  Guil.    The  peak  towers  up  in 
a  singularly  solitary  fashion,  and  is 
therefore  well  seen  from  the  Pied- 
montese  plain  and  elsewhere,  so  that 
one  is  not  surprised  to  learn  that  it  is 
perhaps  the  single  peak  mentioned 
expressly  by  the  writers  of  classical 
antiquity,  while  the  name  '  Vesulus ' 
or  '  Viso '  has  been  explained  by  the 
fact  that  it  is  visible  so  far  away.  It 
rises  a  little  S.E.  of  the  main  water- 
shed, and  it  is  noteworthy  that  many 
other    of  the   great   peaks    of  the 
S.W.  Alps  stand  also  apart  from  that 
watershed,  e.g.  the  Punta  dell'  Ar- 
gentera,  the  Aiguille  de  Chambeyron, 
the  Ecrins,  and  the  other  summits  of 
the    Pelvoux    Group,    the  Grande 
Casse,    Mont     Pourri,  Charbonel, 
Ciamarella,  Grand  Paradis,  Grivola, 
&c.     The  Viso  is   connected  with 
the  watershed  by  a  range  of  shat- 
tered peaks,  which  include  the  two 
summits  of  the    Visolotfo,    and  the 
Punta    Gastaldi,    or    Vzsoulet,  the 
exact  point  of  junction  being  just  N. 
of  the  last-named  peak.    Hence  the 
Viso  is  a  wholly  Italian  mountain, 
and  it  is  misleading  to  speak,  as  has 
been  done,  of  its  French  slope.  The 
E.  face  fronts  the  valley  of  the  Po, 
and  the  W.  face  overlooks  the  head 
of  the  Vallante  valley,  the  S.  face 
(that  usually  ascended)  rising  above 
the  Forciolline  glen  of  the  last-named 


valley.  The  N.  face  is  divided  into 
two  facets  as  it  were,  the  N.W.  of 
which  dominates  the  head  of  the 
valley  of  the  Guil,  and  the  N.E.  that 
of  the  Po  at  its  source.  More  pre- 
cise topographical  details  will  be 
found  in  Rte.  C.  below.  The  peak 
itself  is  composed  of  hornblendic  and 
other  green  schists,  the  summit  being 
a  glaucophane  schist  ;  but  with  these 
serpentine  and  euphotide  are  asso- 
ciated, and  it  is  possible  that  the 
whole  mass  consists  of  igneous  rocks 
intrusive  in  the  older  mica  schists 
and  gneiss,  their  schistose  structure 
being  due  to  pressure.  Monte  Viso 
is  the  culminating  point  of  a  long 
ridge,  which  runs  S.E.  from  the  main 
watershed,  and  separates,  the  Varaita 
and  upper  Po  valleys,  which,  to- 
gether with  that  range,  form  the 
subject  of  the  present  Section. 

A  summary  of  the  history,  &c. ,  of 
the  Viso  up  to  the  end  of  1881  is 
given  in  Mr.  Coolidge's  monograph 
on  the  peak  in  the  tenth  volume  of 
the  '  Alpine  Journal,'  which  needs  to 
be  supplemented  by  Signor  G.  Rey's 
account  (in  the  1887  £  Bollettino '  of 
the  Italian  Alpine  Club)  of  the  con- 
venient route  he  discovered  in  1887 
up  the  E.  face  of  the  peak.  Further 
information  may  be  sought  in  Signor 
Isaia's  '  Al  Monviso  per  Val  di  Po 
e  Val  di  Varaita'  (Turin,  1874), 
though  more  recent  explorations  have 
caused  certain  portions  of  this  work 
to  be  out  of  date.  For  the  most 
interesting  history  of  the  fifteenth- 
century  tunnel  under  the  Col  de  la 
Traversette  (sometimes  called  the 
'  Col  du  Viso  ')  Signor  L.  Vaccarone's 
admirable  historical  monograph  4  Le 
Pertuis  du  Viso  '  (Turin,  1881)  should 
be  consulted,  particularly  the  ap- 
pendix of  original  documents,  a 
model  work  of  its  kind. 

Crissolo  is  the  best  headquarters 
for  explorers  of  the  Viso,  as  it  has 
now  a  fair  inn  and  guides,  and  i3 
close  to  the  foot  of  the  peak.  Castel- 
delfino  does  not  possess  the  former 
two  requisites,  while  Abries  lacks  the 
last-named. 


ROUTE  A.    SALUZZO  TO  GUILLESTRE 


49 


Route  A. 

SALUZZO  TO  GUILLESTRE  BY  THE 
VAL  VARAITA. 

Steam  tramway  to  Venasca ;  car- 
riage road  to  Casteldelfmo  ;  thence 
mule  paths  or  foot  paths  with  a  char 
road  at  the  end. 

The  three  bustling  little  Italian 
towns  of  Cuneo,  Saluzzo,  and  Pinerolo 
are  built  on  the  W.  edge  of  the  Pied- 
montese  plain,  so  as  to  command  one 
or  more  of  the  valleys  descending  from 
the  main  ridge  of  the  Alps.  Saluzzo 
itself  is  rather  nearer  the  mouth  of 
the  upper  valley  of  the  Po  than  that 
of  the  Val  Varaita,  but,  as  the  former 
valley  is  now  most  easily  approached 
from  Turin  without  passing  through 
Saluzzo  (see  Rte.  B),  Saluzzo  (French 
Saluces)  may  be  best  included  in  the 
present  Rte.  It  is  close  to  the  foot 
of  the  great  ridge  on  which  rises 
Monte  Viso,  and  which  descends 
from  the  main  watershed  of  the  Alps, 
and  it  is  placed  midway  between  the 
streams  of  the  Varaita  and  the  Po, 
which  issue  from  the  two  valleys  on 
either  side  of  that  ridge.  It  is  38  m. 
from  Turin  via  Airasca  (on  the 
Pinerolo  railway,  §  5.  Rte.  A),  and 
42  m.  via  Savigliano,  on  the  Cuneo 
line  (the  journey  in  each  case  taking 
2.\  hrs. ),  while  it  is  the  centre  of 
many  steam  tramways. 

To  reach  the  opening  of  the  Val 
Varaita  the  line  runs  S.  from  Saluzzo 
to  Verzuolo  and  Costigliole,  along  the 
base  of  the  range  between  the  two 
valleys  named  above,  and  then  bends 
to  the  W.  to  Fiasco,  to  which  there  is 
a  shorter  direct  carriage  road  from 
Saluzzo  past  Villanovetta.  4  m. 
beyond  Piasco  is  Ve?iasca,  where  the 
tramway  line  ends  (10J  m.)  Here  a 
glimpse  of  the  Viso  is  obtained.  The 
carriage  road  crosses  to  the  left  bank 
of  the  Varaita,  and  begins  to  ascend. 
On  the  N.W.  near  Brossasco  (2  m. 
from  Venasca)  is  seen  the  opening  of 
the  Girba  glen,  by  which  Paesana,  in 
the  valley  of  the  Po,  may  be  gained 
in  6  hrs.  by  the  Col  di  Girda  (1,525m., 
I. 


5,003  ft.)  The  road  crosses  and  re- 
crosses  the  Varaita  several  times 
before  reaching  Sosnpeyre,  980  m., 
3,215  ft.  (11  m.  from  Venasca),  the 
principal  place  in  the  valley  (about 
6,000  inhabitants),  which  is  made  up 
of  many  scattered  hamlets.  (For  the 
Col  de  Biron  to  San  Damiano,  in  the 
Val  Maira,  see  §  3.  Rte.  D. )  The 
Val  Varaita  presents  a  marked  con- 
trast to  the  neighbouring  Val  Maira 
(§  3.  Rte.  D),  being  comparatively 
wide  and  open,  with  level  ground  by 
the  river,  well  planted  with  walnuts  ; 
while  the  mountains  on  either  side 
are  of  more  gentle  inclination,  and 
covered  with  pine  forests,  that  here 
and  there  give  way  to  bright  green 
pastures.  Some  way  beyond  Sam- 
peyre  the  hamlet  of  Villar  is  left  on 
the  hill-side  to  the  right.  It  was 
formerly  strongly  fortified,  so  as  to 
defend  the  upper  valley,  which  (there 
is  a  hamlet  close  by  still  called  Con- 
fine) was  held  by  France,  till  by  the 
Treaty  of  Utrecht,  17 13,  the  French 
valleys  of  Casteldelfmo  (Chateau 
Dauphin),  Fenestrelles,  and  Exilles 
were  exchanged  for  the  Savoyard 
valley  of  Barcelonnette,  the  Alpine 
watershed  thus  becoming  the  political, 
as  it  is  the  natural,  frontier  between 
France  and  Savoy.  The  valley  below 
Villar  (part  of  the  marquessate  of 
Saluzzo)  was  held  by  the  French  (like 
that  of  Crissolo)  from  1529  to  1588, 
and  obtained  in  1601  by  Savoy  from 
France  in  exchange  for  Bresse,  Bugey, 
and  Gex.  6  m.  beyond  Sampeyre, 
and  29^  m.  from  Saluzzo,  is  the  large 
village  of 

Casteldelfino,  or  Chateau  Dauphin 
(1,296  m. ,  4,252  ft.),  which  takes  its 
name  from  the  fourteenth-century 
castle  of  the  old  Dauphins  (now 
ruined — it  commands  a  fine  view  of 
the  Viso,  not  seen  from  the  village), 
a  few  minutes  above  and  to  the 
W.  of  the  village,  on  a  rock  at  the 
angle  between  the  two  branches  into 
which  the  Val  Varaita  here  divides. 
The  more  westerly  of  these,  the 
Bellhio  glen,  with  the  passes  leading 
from  it,  has  been  noticed  in  §  3. 

E 


,50  COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  4.  VISO  DISTRICT 


Routes  C  and  D,  as  well  as  the  Col 
della  Bicocca  and  the  Pelvo  d'Elva, 
just  S.  of  the  village.  In  this  Section 
we  have  to  describe  only  those 
through  the  N.W.  or  main  branch  of 
the  Varaita  valley,  which  is  separated 
from  the  other  by  a  ridge  descending 
E.  from  the  Grand  Rubren. 

[Casteldelfino  was  the  starting  point 
for  several  of  the  early  ascents  of  the 
Viso,  and  the  Club  hut  at  its  S.  foot 
may  be  gained  hence  in  about  5  hrs. 
by  way  of  the  Forciolline  glen  of  the 
Vallante  valley  (see  under  2.  below). 
But  Crissolo  is  now  generally  selected 
as  headquarters  for  this  expedition, 
and,  with  the  exception  of  the  ascent 
of  the  fine  peak  of  the  Pelvo  cTElva, 
3,064  m.,  10,053  ft.  (§  3.  Rte.  D), 
there  is  nothing  to  detain  a  traveller 
at  Casteldelfino.  Any  one,  however, 
minutely  exploring  the  Cottians  is 
bound  to  halt  here,  as  the  village  is  the 
starting  point  for  a  very  great  number 
of  passes  leading  to  the  Po  valley  and 
the  Yal  Maira,  and  as  well  as  to 
the  valleys  of  the  Ubaye  and  the 
Guil.  (See  §  3.  Rtes.  C  and  D,  and 
Rte.  B.  below.  )3 

The  scenery  of  the  lower  part  of  the 
N.  W.  or  main  branch  of  the  Val  Varaita 
(sometimes  called  '  Val  di  Chianale ' ) 
is  very  pleasing,  with  bright  green 
pastures  enclosed  between  wooded 
slopes,  but  the  ridge  enclosing  the 
head  of  the  valley  is  nearly  bare.  The 
pleasantest  way  is  by  the  path  on  the 
E.  side  of  the  glen,  which  after  a  steep 
ascent  passes  through  meadows,  and 
is  joined  by  the  main  track  (along  the 
other  bank  of  the  Varaita)  near  the 
picturesque  hamlet  of  Castelponte, 
1,597  m.,  5,340  ft.  (1  hr.),  perched 
high  above  the  Varaita  valley,  and  at 
the  entrance  to  the  Vallante  glen. 
For  here  this  N.W.  branch  of  the 
Varaita  valley  splits  into  two  glens — 
that  of  Vallante,  running  due  N.  along 
the  W.  foot  of  the  Viso  to  the  Col  de 
Vallante,  and  the  main  glen,  which 
continues  in  a  N.W.  direction  towards 
La  Chianale.  Each  of  these  must  be 
described  separately,  though  it  is 
most  convenient  to  include  them  in 


the  same  Rte.,  since,  with  the  single 
exception  of  the  Col  de  Longet  to  the 
Ubaye  valley,  all  the  passes  from 
either  glen  lead  sooner  or  later  to  the 
Guil  valley,  and  so  to  Guillestre. 

1.   By  La  Chianale. — The  mule 
track  mounts  along  the  left  bank  of 
the   Varaita   past    Ponte  Chianale, 
1,661  m.,  5,450  ft.  (the  chief  hamlet 
is  La  Maddalena),  to  La  Chia?iale 
(1,799  m- ,   5,902  ft.),  the  highest 
hamlet  in  the  valley  (f  hr. ,  or  2 \  hrs. 
from  Casteldelfino).    On  the  way  is 
seen  the  Tele  des  Toillies,  3,179  m., 
10,430  ft.  (  §  3.  Rte.  B),  which  rises 
in  a  fine  rock  tower  at  the  meeting 
point  of  the  Varaita,   Ubaye,  and 
St.  Veran  glens.    The  higher  or  E. 
peak  (3,396  m.,  11,142  ft.)  of  the 
Grand  Rubren  is  also  visible. 
1      At  or  near  La  Chianale  a  number 
j   of  mountain  glens  unite,  so  that  from 
\   this  spot  many  passes  may  be  made 
I   in  various  directions  (several  traversed 
I  by  mule  paths),  which  can  be  only 
briefly  noticed  here,  with  the  excep- 
tion of  that  which  is  most  frequented, 
the  Col  delF  Agnello. 

(a)  To  the  St.  Veran  Glen. — Two 
passes  lead  over  in  4^  hrs.  to  the 
village  of  St.  Veran  (§  3.  Rte.  B.  4), 
the  Col  Blanchet,  or  della  Niera 
(2,897  m.,  9,505  ft.),  and  the  Col  de 
St.  Veran  (2, 844  m.  ,9,331  ft. ),  which 
pass  S.  and  N.  respectively  of  the 
Rocca  Biaiica  (3,054  m.,  10,020  ft.) 
Either  may  be  reached  in  2 -J  hrs.  from 
La  Chianale,  the  way,  especially  for 
the  second  pass,  being  for  long  iden- 
tical with  that  to  the  Col  de  Longet 
(§  3.  Rte.  C.  2.  to  the  Ubaye  valley), 
which  is  finally  left  on  the  S.  The 
former  pass  (which  owes  one  of  its 
names  to  the  white  rocks  which  form 
its  crest)  is  the  more  attractive  to  the 
mountaineer,  as  from  it  the  Rocca 
Bianca  can  be  gained  in  a  few  minutes, 
or  (better  still)  the  Tete  des  Toillies 
in  1  hr.,  the  view  from  the  latter 
being  especially  fine.  On  the  other 
side  the  tracks  from  the  Cols  La 
Noire  and  de  la  Cula  (§  3.  Rte.  B.  4) 
are  soon  joined. 

(b)  To  the  Head  of  the  Guil  Valley. 


ROUTE  A.    SALUZZO  TO  GUILLESTRE 


5* 


— Half  an  hour  above  La  Chianale 
the  fine  pasture  glen  of  Soustra  joins 
the  Varaita  valley.  Two  passes  lead 
in  3  hrs.  from  its  upper  end  to  the 
very  head  of  the  Guil  valley,  where 
the  route  from  the  Col  de  Vallante 
(2.  below)  is  joined — the  Col  de 
Ruines  (3,053  m.,  10,017  ft.),  and 
the  Col  de  Soustra  (also  called  the  Col 
de  la  Lauzetie,  or  Col  de  Ristolas), 
2,854  m.,  9,364  ft.  Pastures  extend 
high  on  the  Italian  slope  of  both  Cols, 
but  the  descent  on  the  French  side 
from  the  former  is  by  a  narrow  stone  - 
filled  gully,  with  a  pear-shaped  tarn 
at  its  base  ;  while  from  the  second 
pass  snow,  rocks,  and  grass  are  suc- 
cessively traversed. 

[From  or  near  the  Col  de  Soustra 
the  ascent  of  the  splendid  belvedere 
of  the  Pointe  Joanne,  or  Cima  di 
Losetta  (3,054  m.,  10,020  ft.)  may 
be  made  with  great  ease  {i\  hr. 
from  the  very  head  of  the  Guil  valley 
by  its  N.W.  ridge  or  face,  or  2± 
hrs.  from  La  Chianale  direct).  The 
easiest  way  up  is  from  the  Col  di 
Lcsetta  (2,857  m.,  9,374  ft.),  to  the 
S.W.,  the  Col  de  Vallante  being 
gained  either  direct  from  the  summit 
or  from  this  Col  by  a  steep  rock 
descent  in  40  min.  ;  from  the  Losetta 
pass  a  small  path  leads  S.  to  a  point 
far  down  the  Vallante  glen.  J 

(c)  To  the  Agnel  Glen.  —Midway 
between  the  Longet  glen  on  the 
N.W.,  and  the  Soustra  glen  on  the 
N.E.,  the  most  frequented  mule  track 
mounts  nearly  due  N.  from  La 
Chianale  to  the  Col  dell'  Agnello, 
2,744  m.,  9,003  ft.  (2 J  hrs.)  After 
having  passed  first  the  opening  of  the 
Loi.get  glen  on  the  left,  then  that  of 
Soustra  on  the  right,  the  mule  track 
zigzags  up  the  hill-side  through  a 
scattered  pine  wood,  and,  following 
the  course  of  an  upland  grassy  valley, 
mounts  the  slopes  at  its  head  to  the 
pass,  the  more  southerly  and  lower  of 
two  depressions  (the  other  is  the  Col 
Vieux  d 'Agnello).  The  view  of  the 
Viso,  the  Chambeyron  peaks,  and  the 
lofty  summits  of  the  Dauphin e  Alps 
is  extremely  fine.    The  pass  has  fre- 


quently been  crossed  by  armies,  and 
\  is  now  much  used  by  the  Piedmontese 
workmen,  who  seek  work  in  France 
daring  the  winter,  and  return  home  in 
the  spring. 

A  gentle  descent  of  J  hr.  or  so  on 
!  the  French  side  leads  to  one  of  the 
'Refuges  Napoleon,'  called  'Refuge 
Agnel'  (2,498  m.,  8,196  ft.),  which 
was  formerly  a  rough  kind  of  little 
inn,  and  convenient  as  a  starting  point 
for  several  expeditions  in  the  neigh- 
bouring ranges,  but  is  now  reserved 
for  military  purposes. 

[Half  an  hour  away  to  the  N.E.  is 
j  the  Col  Vieux  (2,738  m.,  8,983  ft.), 
\  which  may  also  be  gained  by  a 
traverse  direct  from  the  Col  dell' 
Agnello.  From  the  pass  the  ascent 
(either  by  the  N.W.  or  S.W.  faces  or 
ridge)  of  the  Pain  de  Sticre  (3,202  m. , 
10,506  ft.)  may  be  effected  in  less 
than  an  hour  ;  the  summit  is  crowned 
I  by  a  great  cairn,  and  commands  a 
very  extensive  panorama,  so  that  this 
detour  is  much  recommended,  es- 
pecially as  this,  like  either  of  the  two 
following  ascents,  can  be  taken  on 
the  way  to  Abries.  A  longer  climb 
from  the  Col  Vieux  is  that  of  the 
Grande  Aiguillette  (3,297  m., 
10,817  ft-)5  accessible  in  2J  hrs.  by 
traversing  to  the  Breche  de  Ruines, 
2,850  m.,  9,351  ft.  (whence  the 
chalets  of  that  name  in  the  Guil 
valley  are  easily  reached),  and  thence 
past  the  lake  of  the  same  name  attain- 
ing the  W.  ridge  of  the  peak  along 
which  the  huge  cairn  on  the  summit  is 
gained  ;  it  is  possible  to  effect  a 
rough  descent  across  the  head  of  the 
Soustra  glen  to  the  Col  de  Soustra 
(ij  hr.)  The  view  from  the  summit  is 
remarkable  as  extending  from  the 
Maritime  Alps  to  Monte  Rosa. 

From  the  Col  Vieux  there  is  a 
rough  but  very  striking  and  quaint, 
descent  by  a  stony  footpath  past  the 
Foreant  and  Egourgeou  lakes,  then 
through  a  forest  and  past  the  grassy 
basin  in  which  are  the  Medille  chalets, 
to  the  Guil  valley  (2J  hrs.),  which  is 
reached  at  the  bridge  opposite  La 
.   Chalp,  on  the  Col  de  la  Traversette 

E  2 


52  COTTIAN  ALPS.  I. 


§  4.  VISO  DISTRICT 


route  (Rte.  B.  below),  and  about 
I J  hr.  from  Abries.  The  way  down 
this  wild  glen  from  the  Col  Vieux 
passes  at  the  W.  foot  of  the  gaunt 
smooth  slate  walls  of  the  Roche 
Taillante  (3,200  m.,  10,499  ft.);  its 
N.  and  highest  point  can  be  climbed 
in  if-2  hrs.  from  the  Egourgeou  lake, 
1  hr.  below  the  Col  Vieux,  by  a  deep 
and  well-marked  notch — reached  from 
the  N. — in  the  great  W.  buttress  of 
the  peak,  and  debris  gullies  between 
smooth  slate  slabs.  (The  S.  and 
lower  point  is  accessible  in  \\  hr. 
Dy  a  very  sharp  ridge. )  This  ascent 
and  the  peak  generally  may  rank 
among  the  oddest  in  the  Alps.  It 
may  be  of  use  to  mention  that  from 
the  Foreant  lake,  \  hr.  below  the 
Col  Vieux,  there  is  a  pass  across  the 
ridge  on  the  N.W.,  the  Col  du  F0710I 
de  Segure,  between  the  points  marked 
2,903  m.  and  3,006  m.  on  the  French 
map  ;  it  is  perfectly  easy,  and  by  it  a 
traveller  may  go  in  about  2\  hrs.  from 
the  lake  to  Ristolas,  40  min.  above 
Abries. 3 

From  the  Refuge  Agnel  the  well- 
marked  mule  path  descends  by  a 
uniform  gentle  slope  above  the  right 
bank  of  the  stream  in  the  grassy 
Agnel  glen  to  Fongillarde  (2  hrs.  from 
the  Col  dell'  Agnello),  where  is  the 
French  custom  house.  The  way 
would  be  monotonous  if  it  were  not 
relieved  by  fine  distant  views  of  the 
great  Dauphine  peaks.  From  Fon- 
gillarde a  char  road  leads  steeply  down 
in  J  hr.  (2 J  m. )  to  the  village  of 
Mo  lines,  at  the  junction  of  the  Agnel 
glen  with  the  St.  Veran  glen  (§  3. 
Rte.  B.  4).  It  is  3  m.  more  by  road 
to  Ville  Vieille,  in  the  Guil  valley 
(Rte.  B.  below),  which  is  but  2  m. 
above  Chateau  Queyras,  or  14  m. 
above  Guillestre. 

In  a  gorge  on  the  left,  just  before 
the  commencement  of  the  steep 
descent  to  Ville  Vieille,  the  traveller 
should  notice  some  fine  specimens  of 
what  are  called  'earth  pillars,'  or 
£  colonnes  coiffees,'  such  as  may  also 
be  seen  in  the  Escreins  glen,  near 
Guillestre  (§  3.  Rte.  B.  1),  in  that  of 


Fournel,  near  l'Argentiere,  in  the 
Durance  valley,  near  Useigne  in  the 
Val  d'Herens,  at  Oberbotzen,  and 
elsewhere  in  the  Alps.  In  some  of 
these  cases  the  pinnacles  have  been 
produced  by  the  disintegration  of 
superficial  deposits  of  clay  and 
detritus,  which,  when  protected  from 
rain  by  large  blocks  of  stone  resting 
on  the  original  surface,  gradually  form 
pinnacles,  each  of  them  capped  by 
the  block  to  which  it  owes  its  forma- 
tion. In  the  present  instance,  how- 
ever, they  seem  to  be  formed  of  a 
friable  limestone,  remaining  in  situ 
where  covered  by  erratic  blocks  of 
gabbro,  and  washed  away  in  the 
interstices. 

2.  By  the  Vallante  Glen. — Unlike 
the  Chianale  basin  this  glen  is  very 
narrow  throughout,  and  communicates 
with  the  Guil  valley  by  but  a  single 
pass,  the  Col  de  Vallante,  at  its  ex- 
treme head.  The  scenery  of  the 
Vallante  glen  is  throughout  very  fine, 
though  extremely  wild  and  savage. 
From  Castelponte  the  path  mounts 
above  the  right  bank  of  the  torrent, 
and  crosses  to  the  left  bank  opposite 
the  opening  of  the  Giargiatte  glen  (for 
the  Passo  di  San  Chiaffredo,  see 
Rte.  D.  I.  b),  20  min.  beyond  which 
(1  hr.  from  Castelponte)  are  the 
the  Sou lieres  chalets  (1,937  m. ,  6,355 
ft.),  those  of  Chardonney  being  just 
across  the  Forciolline  stream.  These 
huts  are  situated  at  the  opening  of 
the  stony  and  steep  Forciolline  glen, 
through  which  the  Club  hut  at  the  S. 
foot  of  the  Viso,  and  the  Passo  delle 
Sagnette  to  Crissolo  (Rte.  C.  3.  below, 
and  Rte.  D.  I.  a),  can  be  reached 
by  a  bad  track,  and  one  hard  to  find, 
in  about  3-4  hrs.  from  the  Soulieres 
huts.  Near  these  chalets  many  rare 
plants  may  be  found,  e.g.  Campanula 
Allionii,  Senecio  Balbisiantts,  Eu- 
phrasia lanceolata  ;  while  higher  up 
are  Primula  marginata,  Ranu7tculus 
pyrenceus,  and  many  others.  The 
ascent  from  the  huts  to  the  Col  de 
Vallante  lies  through  the  rocky  valley 
on  the  W.  or  right  bank  of  the  stream. 
As  the  traveller  advances  the  valley 


ROUTE  A.    SALUZZO  TO  GUILLESTRE 


53 


becomes  narrowed  to  a  mere  gorge, 
the  path  disappears,  and  the  last  part 
of  the  ascent  is  made  by  the  left 
side  of  the  glen  and  a  steep  couloir, 
partly  filled  with  snow,  which  ter- 
minates abruptly  on  the  snow-covered 
ridge  forming  the  Col  de  Vallante 
(2,825  m.,  9,269  ft.),  2-3  hrs.  from 
Soulieres. 

[For  the  Pointe  Joanne  and  the 
Col  di  Losetta  on  the  S.W. ,  see 
above,  I.  b.  and  for  the  Col  du  Viso- 
lotto,  N.W.  of  the  Visolotto,  leading  to 
the  Piano  del  Re  inn,  see  next  Rte. 
The  ascent  of  the  Viso  itself  from  the 
glacier  between  it  and  the  Visolotto  is 
noticed  is  Rte.  C.  3. 

Corresponding  to  the  Pointe  Joanne 
on  the  W.  of  the  pass  is  the  Punta 
Gastaldi,  or  Visoulet  (3,269  m. , 
10,726  ft.),  on  the  E.  The  N.  and 
lower  top  of  the  last-named  mountain 
marks  the  junction  of  the  great  spur 
on  which  rises  the  Viso  with  the  main 
ridge.  The  Punta  itself  may  be 
climbed  in  about  I- 1 J  hr.  from  the 
pass  by  gaining  the  frontier  ridge  at 
its  foot,  and  then  climbing  across  the 
W.  face  beneath  some  steep  reddish 
pinnacles.  The  view  is  fine,  though 
the  spectator  is  too  close  under  the 
Viso  to  properly  appreciate  that  mag- 
nificent peak.] 

The  descent  on  the  French  side  of 
the  col  lies  down  a  steep  snow  slope 
and  rocks.  Some  way  down,  at  the 
foot  of  the  final  slope,  the  little  Lestio 
lake  is  passed  in  a  flat,  nearly  level 
basin,  and  in  1  hr.  or  less  from  the 
pass  the  old  Club  hut,  called  the 
'  Refuge  des  Lyonnais,'  one  of  the 
highest  chalets  in  the  uppermost 
hollow  of  the  Guil  valley,  above  the 
right  bank  of  that  stream,  and  on  the 
left  bank  of  the  Faiteau  torrent, 
descending  from  the  Col  de  la  Traver- 
sette,  is  attained.  On  the  way  the 
routes  to  the  Col  de  Soustra  (above, 
1.  b)  on  the  W.,  and  those  to  the 
Cols  Isaia  and  del  Colour  del  Porco 
on  the  E.  (see  next  Rte. ),  are  passed. 
From  the  chalets  it  is  only  necessary 
to  follow  the  track  above  the  right 
bank  cf  the  Guil,  the  path  from  the 


Col  de  la  Traversette  being  joined  at 
the  conspicuous  solitary  larch  tree. 
Soon  after  (f  hr.  from  the  Refuge)  the 
bee  inning  of  the  char  road  is  reached , 
by  which  Abries  (19J  m.  above  Guil- 
lestre  by  road,  see  next  Rte.)  is 
gained  in  2J-3  hrs.  more.. 

It  is  quite  easy  to  traverse  N. 
over  stony  slopes  from  the  Col  de 
Vallante  to  the  Col  del  Colour  del 
Porco,  or  the  Col  de  la  Traversette, 
without  descending  to  the  level  of  the 
Guil,  while  on  the  Italian  side  it  is  easy 
to  gain  the  Col  du  Visolotto,  between 
the  Visolotto  and  the  Punta  Gastaldi. 


Route.  B. 

TURIN  OR  SALUZZO  TO  GUILLESTRE 
BY  THE  VALLEY  OF  THE  PO. 

Railway  to  Barge  or  Saluzzo ;  car- 
riage road  to  Crissolo ;  mule  path 
(save  upper  bit  of  Col)  to  Guil  valley, 
whence  char  road  to  Guillestre. 

It  was  pointed  out  at  the  beginning 
of  the  last  Rte.  that,  though  Saluzzo 
is  nearer  the  mouth  of  the  upper 
valley  of  the  Po  than  that  of  the 
Val  Varaita,  yet  the  best  way  of 
reaching  Crissolo,  at  the  head  of  the 
Po  valley,  from  Turin  does  not  now 
pass  Saluzzo. 

The  quickest  way  from  Turin  is  to 
take  the  line  by  Pinerolo  towards 
Torre  Pellice  (§  5.  Rte.  A)  as  far  as 
Bricherasio  (29J  m.,  1J-2  hrs.), 
whence  a  branch  line  leads  in  8  m. 
more  (25  min.)  to  Barge,  from  which 
place  a  picturesque  road,  through 
wooded  hills,  and  over  the  Colletta 
(650  m.,  2,133  gives  access  in 

4  m.  to  Paesana. 

[A  traveller  coming  from  Saluzzo 
direct  takes  the  steam  tramway  for 

5  m.  to  Revello,  whence  it  is  13  m. 
by  carriage  road  to  Paesana,  past 
the  small  town  of  Sanfront.^ 

Paesana  is  the  chief  place  in  the 
upper  valley  of  the  Po,  and  hence 


54  COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  4.  VISO  DISTRICT 


the  easy  Col  di  Girba  (1,525  m., 
5,003  ft.)  leads  over  in  6  hrs.  to 
Brossasco,  in  the  Val  Varaita  (see 
Rte.  A). 

Above  Paesana  the  scenery  of  the 
valley  itself  is  very  fine,  while  the 
peak  of  the  Viso  becomes  a  more  and 
more  imposing  object  whenever  it 
comes  into  view.  Nearly  half-way  to 
Crissolo  the  Lenta,  flowing  from  the 
S.W.,  from  its  source  in  some  small 
lakes  under  the  Viso,  joins  the  Po. 
On  the  mountain-side,  in  the  angle 
between  the  Lenta  and  the  Po,  is 
the  finely  situated  village  of  Oncino 
(1,211  m.,  3,973  ft.),  which  com- 
mands a  noble  view.  (It  is  reached 
from  the  Po  valley  by  some  steep  zig- 
zags through  a  fine  beech  forest,  and 
thence  there  is  a  path  high  up  on  the 
hill-side  to  Crissolo.  For  the  passes 
from  Oncino  to  the  Val  Varaita,  see 
Rte.  D.  1). 

The  road  to  Crissolo  keeps  always 
to  the  left  bank  of  the  Po,  the  scenery 
in  the  valley  changing  its  character 
above  the  junction  with  the  Lenta. 
The  chestnut  trees  which  have 
hitherto  shaded  the  road  disappear 
as  it  enters  a  wild  gorge,  whence  it 
emerges  upon  green  meadows,  bor- 
dered by  willows  and  alders.  Beyond 
the  hamlet  of  Ostana  the  Po  is  joined 
by  the  Tossiet  stream,  which  has  run 
for  some  distance  nearly  parallel  to 
it,  being  separated  by  a  rocky  mass 
crowned  by  the  imposing  Sanctuary 
of  San  Chiaffredo.  The  road  skirts 
along  the  S.  base  of  this  spur,  and 
soon  (6  m.  from  Paesana)  reaches  the 
main  hamlet  of 

Crissolo  (1,333  m.,  4,374  ft.), 
the  best  headquarters  for  a  moun- 
taineer in  the  Viso  district,  by  reason 
of  its  position,  its  inns,  and  its 
guides.  It  is  also  an  excellent  station 
for  the  botanist,  many  rare  species 
being  found  in  the  immediate  neigh- 
bourhood, especially  on  the  moun- 
tain slopes  N.  of  the  village.  Amongst 
others  Campanula  elatines,  Vicia 
onobryckoides,  Saxifragra  diapensi- 
oides,  and  Sedum  alsinefolium  may 
be  mentioned. 


[The  Po  valley  is  very  narrow, 
and  most  of  the  hamlet  is  on  the  left 
bank,  woods  coming  quite  down  to 
the  right  bank.  But  the  mountaineer 
will  prefer  to  go  on  to  the  inn  on  the 
Piano  del  Re,  after  he  has  visited  the 
two  sights  of  Crissolo  itself. 

One  is  the  aforesaid  Sanctuary  of 
San  Chiaffredo  (1,412  m.,  4,633  ft.), 
which  may  be  reached  in  10-15  min. 
from  the  piazza  of  the  village  by  a 
good  mule  path.  It  dates  from 
1444,  when  the  bones  of  the  saint 
(one  of  the  Theban  Legion)  were 
miraculously  discovered,  but  the 
present  edifice  was  built  in  155 1, 
after  the  old  one  had  been  destroyed 
by  the  Huguenots.  It  consists  of  a 
long  plain  range  of  buildings,  facing 
S.,  with  a  terrace  in  front,  at  the 
further  end  of  which  is  the  church, 
filled  with  ex-votos,  and  adorned 
with  some  poor  frescoes.  If  pos- 
sible, a  traveller  should  visit  this 
spot  in  mid  -  September,  on  the 
feast  day  of  the  saint,  when 
throngs  of  pilgrims,  in  picturesque 
garb,  wend  their  way  from  afar  to 
this  shrine.  But  to  other  than  pil- 
grims the  glorious  view  of  the  Viso 
(invisible  from  Crissolo  itself)  from 
!  the  Sanctuary  will  outweigh  all  other 
considerations.  From  few  other  so 
accessible  points  can  this  magnificent 
summit  be  better  seen  as  it  towers 
up  in  all  its  splendour  and  symmetry 
of  form  above  the  forests  and  broad 
bare  downs,  which  serve  it  as  a 
pedestal. 

In  the  crystalline  schists  are  some 
extensive  masses  of  dolomite,  inter- 
stratified  with  comparatively  pure 
limestone.  In  one  of  these  layers  of 
dolomite  is  the  celebrated  Caverna 
del  Rio  Martino,  which  no  traveller 
should  neglect  to  visit.  The  entrance 
may  be  reached  in  about  20  min. 
from  Crissolo,  by  a  path  mounting 
towards  the  W.  Access  to  the 
cavern  has  been  much  facilitated  by 
operations  carried  out  by  the  Italian 
Alpine  Club.  A  narrow  passage 
leads  to  a  spacious  hall,  beyond 
which  are  several  others,  lined  with 


ROUTE  B.    TURIN  OR  SALUZZO  TO  GUILLESTRE  55 


stalactites,  to  which  various  fanciful 
names  have  been  given,  while  the 
cavern  is  closed  by  a  fine  waterfall 
thundering  into  a  lake,  contained  in  a 
hollow  of  white  marble.  The  cavern  is 
about 600  m.  (1,969  ft.) in  length,  the 
mean  width  and  height  being  about 
10  m.  (33  ft.)  The  interior  can  be 
seen  to  perfection  only  by  brilliant 
illumination,  and  the  traveller  will 
do  well  to  have  it  lighted  up  by 
Bengal  lights  or  magnesium  wire, 
which  are  provided  by  the  guides. 
Various  marvellous  stories  as  to  the 
origin  and  history  of  the  cavern  are 
current  among  the  natives.  It  is 
needless  to  say  that  it  is  merely  a 
specimen  of  a  class  of  phenomena 
common  in  most  limestone  districts. 

The  ascent  of  Mont  Frioland 
(2,720  m.,  8,924  ft.),  N.  of  Crissolo, 
can  be  made  in  4  hrs.  or  so  through 
the  Tossiet  glen,  mainly  by  grass 
slopes,  and  the  panorama  it  com- 
mands is  most  splendid.  (See  Rte.  D. 
2.  d.) 

For  the  passes  from  Crissolo  to 
the  Varaita  and  Pellice  valleys,  see 
Rte.  D,  while  in  Rte.  C  will  be 
found  all  particulars  as  to  the  ascent 
of  Monte  Viso.  3 

The  mule  path  up  the  valley 
mounts  above  the  left  bank  of  the  Po, 
and  passes  through  several  hamlets, 
and  below  that  of  Borgo,  the  white 
church  tower  of  which  is  very  con- 
spicuous from  Crissolo  itself.  A  turn 
in  the  valley  conceals  that  village, 
and  the  Viso  Mozzo,  3,018  m., 
9,902  ft.  (see  below),  though  only 
the  footstool  of  the  monarch,  be- 
comes the  chief  object  in  view.  The 
valley  becomes  thoroughly  Alpine  in 
character,  huge  blocks,  fallen  from 
the  mountains  on  either  side,  or  borne 
down  by  the  glacier  which  once  filled 
the  valley,  being  strewn  around  in 
wild  confusion.  In  the  midst  is  the 
small  plain  of  Melezet,  the  name  of 
which  preserves  the  memory  of  the 
larches  which  have  long  since 
vanished,  while  a  short  distance 
above  is  the  Piano  Fiorenza,  a  small 
grassy  plain,  the  filled-up  bed  of  an 


ancient  lake,  which  in  summer  pro- 
duces a  rich  variety  of  Alpine  plants. 
The  Viso  now  comes  into  sight  in  all 
its  majesty,  supported  by  the  Viso- 
lotto  on  the  right  and  the  Viso  Mozzo 
on  the  left.  The  ascent  becomes 
steeper,  the  path  mounting  in  zigzags 
past  the  first  waterfall  of  the  infant 
Po.  Amongst  the  debris  and  the 
crevices  of  the  rocks  Cardamine 
thalictroides  may  be  found.  Above 
these  zigzags  the  traveller  attains  the 
Piano  del  Re,  an  irregular  plain 
of  some  size,  covered  with  stone- 
strewn  grass,  above  the  dark  bare 
rocks  of  which,  interspersed  with 
patches  of  verdure,  the  E.  face  of 
the  Viso  rises  very  grandly.  It 
does  not  present  the  appearance  of 
a  continuous  wall  of  rock,  but  of  a 
rocky  pyramid,  seamed  by  a  great 
snow  couloir,  and  ending  in  an  over- 
hanging glacier,  to  the  N.  of  which  a 
range  of  shattered  towers  and  pinna- 
cles, with  many  intervening  gaps  and 
chasms,  decreasing  gradually  in 
height,  leads  the  eye  round  towards 
the  Col  de  la  Traversette.  These 
towers  and  gaps  are  named  as  follows, 
reckoning  N.  from  the  Viso  itself : 
the  MatWy  the  Visolotto,  the  Col  du 
Visolotto,  the  Punta  Gastaldi,  the 
Col  del  Colour  del  Porco,  the  Roccie 
Fozirioun,  the  Col  Isaia,  and  the 
Mojzte  di  Marte,  just  N.  of  which  is 
the  Col  de  la  Traversette,  with  the 
'  Pertuis  du  Viso  '  pierced  below  it. 
On  a  mound  in  the  Piano  del  Re  is 
the  small  '  Albergo  Alpino,'  2,041  m., 
6,697  ft.  (2  hrs.  from  Crissolo  by 
mule  path),  which  affords  quarters 
that  no  mountaineer  should  despise, 
and  is  the  best  starting  point  for  the 
ascent  of  most  of  the  neighbouring 
peaks. 

The  name  of  the  Piano  del  Re  has 
been  said  to  be  derived  from  a  visit 
of  Victor  Emmanuel  II.,  but  is  much 
more  likely  due  to  the  fact  that  it  was 
often  the  site  of  the  camps  of  troops 
which  passed  through  the  Pertuis 
du  Viso  from  the  fifteenth  century 
onwards. 

[A  few  minutes  W.  of  the  inn  is 


56 


COTTIAN  ALPS.  I. 


§  4.  VISO  DISTRICT 


the  Source  of  the  Po  (2,019  m-? 
6,624  ft.),  a  fine  spring  welling  up 
between  two  great  boulders,  and 
issuing  from  underneath  a  huge  mass 
of  debris,  so  that  ultimately  it  pro- 
bably comes  from  the  overhanging 
glacier,  the  butt  end  of  which  appears 
as  a  high  ice  cliff  between  the  Viso 
and  the  Visolotto.  \  hr.  from  the  inn, 
and  reached  by  a  zigzag  path  to  the 
S.,  is  the  little  Fiorenza  lake  (2,108 
m.,  6,916  ft.) — quite  distinct  from  the 
plain  of  the  same  name  passed  on  the 
way  up  from  Crissolo — on  which  there 
is  a  row  boat.  It  is  worth  while  to 
mount  still  further  to  the  S.  over 
many  stones,  and  past  the  Chiaretto 
lake,  to  the  wide  depression  of  the 
Col  dei  Viso,  2,6^2,  m.,  8,704  ft. 
(2§-3  hrs.  from  the  inn),  between 
the  Viso  on  the  W.,  and  the  Viso 
Mozzo  (3,018  m.,  9,902  ft.)  on  the  E. 
The  latter  summit,  a  very  fine  view- 
point, may  hence  be  ascended  over 
easy  stone  slopes  in  about  I  hr.  From 
the  Col  it  is  a  very  short  distance 
down  on  the  other  side  to  the  Lago 
Grande  di  Viso  (2,593  m.,  8,507  ft.), 
on  the  way  from  the  Passo  delle 
Sagnette  and  the  Viso  to  Crissolo, 
this  village  being  reached  in  about 
3  hrs.  from  the  pass.  This  round, 
much  recommended  to  good  walkers, 
and  free  from  any  difficulty  whatsoever, 
is  known  at  Crissolo  as  the  '  Giro  dei 
Laghi.' 

Apart  from  the  ascent  of  the  Viso 
(see  Rte.  C)  from  the  E.  or  the  N.E., 
there  are  two  climbs,  best  made  from 
the  Albergo  Alpino,  of  which  a 
brief  notice  must  here  be  given.  The 
easier  expedition  is  the  Monte 
Meidassa  "(3, 105  m.,  10,187  ft.), 
rather  to  the  N.E.  of  the  Col  de  la 
Traversette  :  it  is  simply  a  walk  up 
easy  stony  slopes  on  its  S.W.  or  W. 
flank,  and  may  be  gained  in  2J-3 
hrs.  or  less  from  the  inn,  the  path 
being  the  same  as  that  to  the  Col  de 
la  Traversette  as  far  as  the  little 
spring,  whence  \-\  hr.  easy  ascent  to 
the  N.  suffices  to  gain  the  cairn  on 
the  summit.  The  panorama  extends 
from  the  Maritimes  to  Monte  Rosa, 


and  includes  the  Albergo  Alpino, 
Crissolo,  and  Paesana  ;  but  the  chief 
feature  is  the  almost  unrivalled  view 
of  the  Viso  itself,  this  being  one  of 
the  four  most  favourably  situated 
points  whence  to  admire  the  monarch 
of  the  Cottians.  (Between  this  peak 
and  the  Monte  Granero  to  the  W.  is 
the  Col  Luims,  by  which  the  Val 
Pellice  can  be  easily  reached  (see 
Rte.  D.  2.  a),  or  by  a  descent,  a 
traverse,  and  a  reascent  the  first 
chalet — the  Bergeriedu  Grand  Vallon 
■ — on  the  French  side  of  the  Col  de 
la  Traversette,  attained  by  way  of 
the  Col  de  Seylieres  (2,826  m.,  9,272 
ft.),  2J- 3  hrs.  from  the  Meidassa,  and 
\  hr.  down  to  the  chalet. ) 

The  chief  attraction  (next,  of  course, 
after  the  Viso)  for  a  mountaineer  who 
makes  a  halt  at  the  Albergo  Alpino  is 
the  Visolotto,  the  fine  rock  peak, 
which  rises  just  N.  of  the  Viso,  and 
stands  to  it  as  the  Klein  Schreck- 
horn  in  the  Bernese  Oberland  does 
to  the  Gross  Schreckhorn.  Its  lower 
and  S.  point  (3,346  m.,  10,978  ft.) 
was  first  scaled  in  1875  by  Signor  F. 
Montaldo  by  the  S.E.  ridge,  but  the 
higher  or  N.  summit  (3,353  m. , 
11,001  ft.)  was  not  reached  till  1881, 
when  Mr.  Coolidge  climbed  it  by  a 
great  zigzag  across  the  E.  face  over 
good  though  steep  rocks,  the  highest 
ridge  being  struck  at  a  point  15  min. 
from  the  N.  summit,  and  25  min. 
from  the  S.  summit,  both  being 
visited.  A  point  on  the  highest 
ridge  rather  nearer  the  N.  summit 
was  gained  in  1892  by  Signor  Lanino 
from  the  Col  du  Visolotto  by  way  of 
the  N.W.  arete,  and  a  traverse  over 
the  E.  face  (4 J  hrs. )  Mr.  Coolidge 
took  2\  hrs.  from  the  inn  to  the  ex- 
treme N,  end  of  the  snow  band  at 
the  E.  foot  of  the  peak,  and  1  hr. 
50  min.  more  to  the  highest  ridge, 
\  hr.  S.  of  the  N.  summit  :  the 
descent  was  effected  down  the  S. 
face,  mainly  by  a  great  couloir 
descending  directly  from  the  N. 
summit,  the  party  thus  gaining  the 
glacier  between  the  peak  and  the 
Viso  in  2\  hrs.  from  the  S.  summit. 


ROUTE  B.    TURIN  OR  SALUZZO  TO  GUILLESTRE  57 


some  time  (perhaps  f  hr. )  having 
been  lost  by  not  discovering  on  the 
descent  the  one  weak  point  in  the 
last  rock  precipice.  50  min.  by  a 
traverse  round  the  S.  base  of  the 
peak  sufficed  to  gain  the  Col  du 
Visolotto,  between  the  Visolotto  and 
the  Punta  Gastaldi  (leading  to  the 
very  head  of  the  Vallante  glen), 
whence  by  a  snow  couloir  and  easy 
rocks  and  grass  the  Albergo  Alpino 
was  regained  in  if  hr.  It  is  thus  not 
a  very  long  day  to  traverse  this  bold 
peak,  whence  the  two  N.  routes  up 
the  Viso  can  be  studied  close  at  hand. 

To  complete  the  notice  of  the 
various  other  peaks  and  passes 
N.  of  the  Col  du  Visolotto  it  may 
be  mentioned  that  the  Punta  Gastaldi, 
or  Visoulet  (3,269  m. ,  10,726  ft.),  is 
accessible  in  i-i^  hr.  from  the  Col 
de  Vallante  (see  last  Rte.  2),  its  E. 
face  being  very  steep,  while  the 
Alonte  di  Marte  is  best  described 
below  in  connection  with  the  Col  de 
la  Traversette.  The  Col  Isaia  was 
first  crossed  in  1878  by  MM.  P. 
Guillemin  and  A.  Salvador  de  Quat- 
refages — 4  hrs.  20  min.  from  the 
Refuge  des  Lyonnais  to  the  Albergo  — 
who  found  an  ice  couloir  on  its  E. 
side.  The  Col  del  Colour  del  Porco 
(2,921  m.,  9,584  ft.)  is  a  smugglers' 
pass,  which  owes  its  name  to  the 
'  couloir  ' — the  word  '  colour  '  should 
be  compared  with  4  coluret '  and 
-  collerin '  in  other  parts  of  the  Alps, 
which  all  have  the  same  meaning — 
by  which  pigs  were  smuggled  over, 
as  well  as  other  articles.  It  was 
traversed  by  Mr.  Whymper  in  i860, 
and  again  in  1888  by  Mr.  Coolidge. 
The  way  from  the  Albergo  leads  past 
the  Fiorenza  and  Lauzetto  lakes,  and 
then  rounds  the  S.  end  of  a  steep 
bank — W.  of  the  2nd  lake,  and 
marked  2,830  m.  on  the  Italian 
map — of  grass -grown,  fragments  of 
rock,  looking  like  an  old  moraine, 
in  order  to  pass  N.  by  stones  and 
snow  along  the  E.  base  of  the  main 
range  past  a  smugglers'  hut  to  the 
foot  of  an  easy  couloir  of  snow.  There 
is  a  small  zigzag  path  on  the  left 


bank  of  this  couloir,  quite  near  its 
top.    The  Col  is  reached  in  3  hrs.  or 
so  from  the  Albergo  Alpino.  From 
it  the  traveller  should  ascend  by  easy 
I   broken  rocks  the  Roccie  Fourioim 
\   (3,113  m.,  10,214  ft.),  on  the  N. — 
!   placed  too  far  N.  on  the  Italian  map, 
!   as  it  rises  between  the  Isaia  and  the 
Porco — in  order  to  extend  the  view. 
From  the  Col  it  is  possible  to  traverse 
nearly  at  a  level  over  stones  in  a  S. 
direction   to  the    Col   de  Vallante 
i   (1  hr.  or  less).    On  the  French  side 
!   of  the  pass  the  way  lies  (despite  the 
:   Italian  map)  down  into   the  same 
j  hollow  as  that  from  the  Col  Isaia  to 
!   a  crescent-shaped  tarn,  the  two  Cols 
being  hence  distinguished  by  the  fact 
that  the  Isaia  is  a  wide  opening  to 
I  the  N.W.,  accessible  by  a  slope  of 
I   stones,  while  the  Porco  is  a  narrow 
,  gap  to  the  S.E. ,  attained  by  stones 
I  and  boulders  on  the  left  or  W.  edge 
of  a  stone  wall  of  some  height  and 
steepness.    It  is  then  necessary  to 
1  gain  the  S.E.   foot  of  the  Aiguille 
Bleue  (2,764  m. ,  9,069  ft.),  so  as  to 
reach  the   track   from  the  Col  de 
j  Vallante,    by   which    the    '  Refuge 
des   Lyonnais  '  is  gained  in  i-J  hr. 
from  the  Col.     As  much  confusion 
exists  in  Alpine  history  as  to  this 
pass,  it  may  be  as  well  to  say  that 
Mr.  Coolidge,  finding  deep  snow  on 
the  way,  took  2  hrs.   25  min.  from 
'   the  Refuge  to  the  Col,  and  1  hr. 
50   min.     thence    to    the  Albergo 
Alpino,  an  exact  description  of  the 
expedition  being  given  in  '  Le  Dau- 
phine '    of  Grenoble,    no.  1,462, 
June  30,  1889,  p.  57.3 

From  the  Albergo  Alpino  the 
track  (barely  passable  for  mules) 
towards  the  Traversette  mounts  in 
zigzags  in  a  N.  W.  direction  round  the 
hill-side  above  and  opposite  the 
infant  Po,  passes  due  W.  over  the 
little  plain  of  the  A  mail  di  Viso  (for 
the  Col  of  that  name,  see  Rte.  D.  2.  b), 
and  then  winds  steeply  up  round  a 
rocky  spur  in  a  N.  direction  and  past 
a  ruined  hut  to  a  wild  hollow  wherein 
is  a  small  spring. 

£Here   the    route    for    the  Col 


58  COTTIAN  ALPS.  I. 


§  4.  VISO  DISTRICT 


Luisas,  the  Monte  Meidassa,  and  the 
Monte  Granero  strikes  away  to  the 
N3 

The  path  bears  once  more  to  the  W. 
by  some  zigzags,  and  in  a  few  minutes 
reaches  the  E.  entrance  (marked  by 
splashes  of  red  paint)  of  the  famous 
Pertuis  du  Viso  or  Traversette  Tunnel 
(2  hrs.  from  the  Albergo).  It  is  now 
furnished  with  an  iron  hand  rail,  but, 
as  it  makes  a  bend,  the  interior  is 
dark,  while  a  sort  of  small  divide 
must  be  crossed  in  the  middle,  the 
slopes  on  one  or  other  side  of  which 
are  often  iced,  thus  adding  to  the 
mild  excitement  of  the  passage. 
The  Tunnel  saves  about  20  min.  or 
so,  the  zigzag  track  to  the  Col  bear- 
ing S.  from  its  entrance,  above  a 
high  rock  wall  on  the  E. ,  which  is 
inconvenient  when  there  is  much 
snow.  The  E.  mouth  of  the  Tunnel 
is  2,915  m.  (9,564  ft.),  and  the  Col 
— on  which  there  are  remains  of  old 
redoubts  and  a  wooden  cross  — is 
2,950  m.  (9,679  ft.)  From  the  Col 
there  is  a  very  fine  and  extensive 
prospect  across  the  Piedmontese  plain, 
including  Paesana,  Saluzzo,  and  the 
Albergo  Alpino,  with  the  Viso  group, 
while  on  the  French  side  all  the 
great  Dauphine  peaks  are  visible. 
The  view  may  be  much  extended  by 
mounting  to  the  S.  in  1  hr.  or  less 
over  stones  on  the  French  side  of  the 
ridge  to  the  Monte  di  Marte 
(c.  3,160  m.,  10,368  ft.),  a  neglected 
summit,  which  is  in  the  position 
occupied  by  the  figures  3,070  on  the 
Italian  map,  and  3,112  on  the  French 
map,  neither  giving  it  any  name, 
while  by  comparison  with  the  neigh- 
bouring summits  3,160m.  (10,368  ft.) 
seems  to  approach  more  nearly  to 
the  true  height  than  the  figures  given 
on  the  two  maps.  It  may  also  be 
climbed  from  near  the  Col  Isaia  by 
following  the  W.  ridge  to  the  lower 
S.  summit,  and  then  traversing  the 
W.  face  to  the  higher  N.  summit.  The 
ascent  of  the  Monte  Meidassa 
(3,105  m.,  10,187  ft.),  from  the 
spring  near  the  Tunnel,  has  been 
described  above.    That  of  the  Monte 


Granero,  or  Roc  de  la  Traversette 
(3,170  m.,  10,401  ft.),  N.  of  the  Col 
and  Tunnel,  can  be  effected  in  50  min. 
(3§-4  hrs.  from  the  Albergo)  from 
the  Col  Luisas,  between  it  and  the 
Meidassa,  by  way  of  the  great  snow 
couloir  (or  the  rocks  on  one  or  other 
side  of  it),  descending  on  its  N.  face 
towards  the  Val  Pellice  ;  it  can  also 
be  climbed  from  the  S.,  E.,  and  W. , 
so  that  it  can  be  very  easily  combined 
with  the  passage  of  the  Col  or  Tunnel 
de  la  Traversette. 

The  remarkable  Tunnel  above 
mentioned  was  pierced  between  1478 
and  1480  by  Louis  II.,  Marquis  of 
Saluzzo,  with  the  pecuniary  aid  of 
Louis  XI.  of  France,  as  sovereign  of 
Dauphine.  The  object  was  to  secure 
against  the  dangers  of  crossing  the  pass 
the  importation  from  Provence  into 
Italy  of  salt,  cloth,  cattle,  and  other 
articles,  and  from  Italy  into  France 
of  rice,  oil,  skins,  &c.  It  was  later 
also  used  for  the  passage  of  troops,  as 
in  1494,  1499,  &c.j  and  it  is  obvious 
that  the  political  advantage  to  France 
of  this  safe  route  after  she  had  seized 
the  marquessate  of  Saluzzo  in  1529 
was  very  great,  so  that  this  was  one 
of  the  chief  reasons  why  the  French 
were  expelled  from  that  territory  by 
the  Duke  of  Savoy  in  1588.  But  it 
was  only  in  1 601  that  Savoy  obtained 
a  formal  surrender  from  France  of 
the  whole  marquessate.  The  en- 
trances of  the  Tunnel  have  often  been 
closed,  purposely  or  not,  by  fallen 
rocks,  but  of  late  years  have  been 
cleared  out,  though  often  obstructed 
(particularly  on  the  Italian  side)  by 
snow  till  the  month  of  July.  Its  pre- 
sent length  is  about  75  m.  (246  ft.), 
while  the  average  width  is  2.\  m. 
(8  ft.),  and  the  average  height  about 
2  m.  (6J  ft.)  There  is  a  bend  about 
30  m.  (98  ft.)  from  the  Italian  en- 
trance, while  on  the  French  side  the 
outermost  portion  of  the  Tunnel  seems 
to  be  artificial.  It  was  not  only  the 
earliest  work  of  its  kind,  but  still  re- 
mains one  of  the  most  remarkable. 
Its  origin  and  history  are  fully  set 
forth  in  the  monograph  by  Signor 


ROUTE  B.    TURIN  OR  SALUZZO  TO  GUILLESTRE  59 


Vaccarone  referred  to  in  the  Intro- 
duction to  this  Chapter. 

The  descent  on  the  French  side 
of  the  Col  or  of  the  Tunnel  is  not 
nearly  as  steep  as  that  towards  Pied- 
mont. The  ancient  paved  track, 
visible  only  in  parts,  winds  round  the 
N.  edge  of  a  stony  hollow,  on  leaving 
which  it  reaches  Alpine  pastures, 
which  in  the  early  summer  are  covered 
with  rare  and  exquisite  flowers.  Here 
stands  the  Bergerie  du  Grand  Vallon, 
2,372  m.,  7,782  ft.  (|  hr.  from  the 
Col),  whence  £  hr.  suffices  to  gain 
the  Col  de  Seylieres  (2,826  m., 
9,272  ft.)  on  the  N.,  which  leads 
over  in  2J-3  hrs.  to  the  Ciabotta  del 
Pro,  inn,  at.  the  head  of  the  Val 
Pellice  (§  5.  Rte.  A).  From  the 
Bergerie  it  is  easy  to  go  straight 
down  to  the  S.W.  to  the  '  Refuge 
des  Lyonnais '  (20  min.),  but  the 
path  towards  Abries  bears  nearly  due 
W.  from  the  Bergerie,  and  descends 
over  grass  slopes,  till,  at  a  very  con- 
spicuous solitary  larch  tree,  it  joins 
that  coming  from  the  Col  de  Vallante, 
on  the  right  side  of  the  valley  of  the 
Guil  itself  (f  hr. )  The  track  hence- 
forward follows  this  bank  of  the  Guil 
to  Abries.  In  about  10  min.  the 
chalets  of  Ruines  are  seen  on  the 
opposite  bank,  at  the  mouth  of  the 
Ruines  gorge,  through  which  there  is 
a  route  from  the  Refuge  Agnel  and 
the  Breche  de  Ruines  (Rte.  A.  1.  c), 
and  20  min.  further  the  mule  track 
becomes  a  char  road.  The  Viso  is 
not  seen  on  the  French  side  till  some 
way  beyond  the  uppermost  hollow, 
and  some  travellers  prefer  to  make  a 
detour  thence  towards  the  S.,  so  as 
to  study  it.  But  it  is  just  as  well 
seen  from  the  main  valley  between 
the  solitary  tree  and  the  commence- 
ment of  the  char  road.  The  fore- 
ground is  formed  by  the  stony  valley, 
above  which,  at  the  extreme  head  of 
the  valley,  rises  the  huge  shattered 
masses  which  make  up  the  Viso. 
The  principal  mass  is  composed  of 
the  highest  peak,  on  the  left,  with 
the  blunt  point  of  the  Viso  di  Vallante 
(3,672  m.,  12,048  ft.)  on  the  right. 


Between  the  two  is  seen  a  small 
hanging  glacier,  to  the  left  of  which 
are  two  other  smaller  icefields,  none 
descending  into  the  valley.  It  is 
noticeable  that  neither  on  this  nor  on 
any  other  side  is  there  spaci  on  the 
Viso  for  any  considerable  accumula- 
tion of  snow,  and  this  is  the  reason, 
rather  than  the  milder  climate  of  the 
adjoining  valleys,  why  this  mountain, 
unlike  every  other  in  the  Alps  which 
can  be  compared  with  it  in  point  of 
height,  bears  on  its  flanks  merely  these 
scanty  patches  of  ice.  (Of  course  from 
this  side  the  glacier  between  the  main 
peak  and  the  Visolotto  remains  con- 
cealed.)  To  the  left  of  the  main 
mass  is  seen  the  Visolotto  and  the 
other  peaks  in  the  ridge  stretching 
towards  the  Col  de  la  Traversette; 
while  on  the  right  the  Pointe  Joanne 
is  prominent  above  the  opening  of  the 
Col  de  Vallante,  the  top  of  the 
Grande  Aiguillette  peering  over 
the  ridge,  while  a  glimpse  is  also 
gained  of  the  cliffs  of  the  Roche 
Taillante  on  the  same  (W. )  side  of 
the  valley.  The  Guil  valley  itself  is 
bare  and  barren,  but  the  pastures  on 
its  right  side  abound  in  rare  plants. 
In  10  or  15  min.  from  the  commence- 
ment of  the  char  road  there  is  a 
slight  bend  in  the  valley,  and  the 
Viso  is  lost  sight  of.  Just  beyond 
the  narrow  opening  of  the  gorge  de- 
scending from  the  Col  Vieux  (Rte.  A. 
1.  c)  is  the  hamlet  of  La  Chalfi, 
1,695  m->  5>56i  ft.  (1  hr.),  and  10 
min.  (1  m.)  further  is  La  Monta 
(about  3  hrs.  from  the  Col),  where 
the  mule  track  from  the  Val  Pellice 
over  the  Colde  la  Croix  (§  5.  Rte.  A) 
falls  in.  The  walk  becomes  more  and 
more  tiresome,  though  Ristolas 
(£hr.,  ih  m.)  (1,633  m.,  5,358  ft.), 
amidst  its  trees  on  the  other  side  of 
the  Guil,  at  the  mouth  of  the  Segure 
glen  (see  Rte.  A.  1.  c),  affords  some 
relief  to  the  eye.  The  road  continues 
across  a  flat  desert  tract,  hardly  de- 
scending at  all,  glimpses  being  caught 
occasionally  of  the  green  slopes  of  the 
Abries  basin,  but  low  mounds  con- 
ceal that  village  till  quite  near  it. 


6o  COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  4.  VISO  DISTRICT 


Abries  is  attained  in  40  min.  (2  m.) 
from  Ristolas,  or  rather  over  4  hrs. 
good  steady  walking  from  the  pass, 
or      hrs.  from  the  Albergo  Alpino. 

Abries  (1,552  m.,  5,092  ft.)  is  a 
charmingly  situated,  fair-sized  village, 
at  the  junction  of  the  Val  Preveyre 
on  the  N.  with  the  Guil  valley,  and 
has  a  pretty  sixteenth-century  parish 
church,  as  well  as  a  seventeenth-cen- 
tury covered  Market  Hall,  adorned 
with  many  wise  proverbs  and  moral 
saws  painted  on  its  outer  walls. 

[[In  the  neighbourhood  there  are 
several  very  fine  points  of  view, 
generally  very  easily  accessible.  These 
are  described  elsewhere,  as  they  can  be 
all  conveniently  combined  with  passes, 
which  abound  near  Abries.  Many 
glens  seem  to  radiate  from  this  moun- 
tain village,  so  that  there  are  paths 
across  the  mountains  (generally  mule 
tracks)  in  almost  every  direction.  In 
this  and  the  preceding  Rte.  we  have 
indicated  those  which  give  access  to 
the  Val  Varaita  and  the  Valley  of 
the  Po.  In  §  5.  Rtes.  A  and  D, 
those  to  the  Pellice  and  Germanasca 
valleys  are  noticed,  while  in  §  6. 
Rtes.  B  and  C,  those  leading  over  to 
Cesanne  or  to  Briancon,  at  either  foot 
of  the  Mont  Genevre,  are  described. 
Of  the  four  chief  belvederes  near 
Abries  (other  than  those  noticed  above 
at  the  head  of  the  Guil  valley)  the 
Brie  Froid  (3,310m.,  10,860  ft.)  and 
the  Grand  Glayza  (3,286  m.,  10,781 
ft.)  may  be  climbed  on  the  way  to 
Cesanne  and  Briancon  respectively 
(§  6.  Rtes.  B  and  C),  while  the  Brie 
Bouchet  (3,003  m.,  9,853  ft.)  and  the 
Tete  du  Pelvas  (2,936  m.,  9,633  ft.) 
may  be  visited  on  the  way  to  the  Val 
Pellice  (§  5.  Rte.  A).  Of  course  any 
of  these  summits  may  be  made  the 
object  of  a  wTalk  from  Abries  and 
back,  Brie  Froid  commanding  an  ex- 
Xremely  fine  and  extensive  view,  while 
Brie  Bouchet  will  interest  rock- 
climbers.  J 

It  is  19!  m.  by  high  road  from  Abries 
to  Guillestre  (diligences  in  about  4^ 
hrs.),  the  drive  being  for  the  greater 
part  of  the  time  a  very  striking  and  re- 


markable one.  Till  the  Maison  du  Roi 
the  road  is  almost  without  a  break  on 
or  above  the  right  bank  of  the  Guil.  A 
full  description  is  given  in  M.  Tivol- 
lier's  book,  mentioned  in  the  '  Intro- 
duction 5  to  this  Chapter. 

Three  m.  below  Abries  is  the  rich 
and  prosperous  village  of  Aiguilles ', 

;  which  has  been  burnt  down  and  re- 
built several  times  of  recent  years. 
On  the  S.  the  magnificent  forest  of 
Marassan  covers  the  mountain-side  ; 

!  2-J  m.  further  on  the  road  passes  oppo- 
site the  village  of  Ville  Vieille,  at  the 

;  mouth  of  the  Molines  glen,  through 
which  passes  lead  by  St.  Veran  and 
Fongillarde  to  the  Ubaye  and  Varaita 

;  valleys  (§  3.  Rte.  B.  4,  and  above, 

;  Rte.  A.  1).  It  is  only  2  m.  more  to 
the  very  picturesque  little  fortress  of 

;  Chateau  Queyras,  perched  at  a  height 

;   of  1,340  m.  (4,397  ft.)  on  a  rock  in 

j  the  midst  of  the  valley,  which  it 
entirely  commands.  The  old  castle 
dates  from  before  the  fourteenth  cen- 

;  tury,  and  has  been  preserved  in  the 
midst  of  the  more  modern  fortifica- 
tions, added  in  the  eighteenth  century. 
In  the  background  is  seen  the  bold 
rock  of  the  Brie  Bouehet.  The  road 
passes  on  the  N.  side  of  the  Chateau, 
and  after  a  rapid  and  stony  descent 
crosses  the  Riviere  torrent,  flowing 
from  the  N.W.  (For  the  char  road 
over  the  Col  dTzouard  through  this 

I  glen  to  Briancon,  see  §  6.  Rte.  C.  2. ) 

•  Soon  after  commences  the  magnificent 
series  of  ravines  known  collectively 

:   as  the  Combe  du  Queyras  (this  name 

!  is  derived  from  the  name  of  the 
Quariates,  the  Celtic  inhabitants  of  the 
district).  The  highest  and  finest  is  that 

1  of  La  Ckapelue.  The  road  follows  the 
bed  of  the  Guil,  crossing  and  re- 
crossing  the  stream,  which  is  shut  in 
by  lofty  and  very  striking  walls  of 
rock.  The  scenery  through  which 
the  road  passes  between  Chateau 
Queyras  and  Guillestre  is  varied  and 
singular,  and  very  unlike  in  character 
that  in  other  Alpine  districts.  The 
summers  being  extremely  hot,  the 
scanty  vegetation  which  alone  exists 
on  these  barren  mountains  is  soon 


ROUTE  B.    TURIN  OR  SALUZZO  TO  GUILLESTRE  61 


burnt  up,  and  after  midsummer  little 
remains  beside  some  fragrant  shrubby 
species,  such  as  the  wild  lavender,  the 
hyssop,  Satureja  7?io?ztana,  &c.  The 
botanist,  however,  finds  an  abundant 
harvest  in  this  district  in  the  months 
of  July  and  August.  The  left  bank 
of  the  Guil  is  finally  attained  at  the 
small  inn  of  the  Maison  du  Roi 
(wrongly  said  to  be  so  called  because 
Louis  XIII.  halted  here  in  1629  on 
his  way  into  Italy),  9  m.  below 
Chateau  Queyras,  and  at  the  narrow 
opening  of  the  Ceillac  glen.  (For  the 
passes  through  it  to  the  Ubaye  valley 
see  §  3.  Rte.  B.  3.)  The  road  now 
mounts  by  zigzags  high  above  the 
Guil,  which  roars  in  a  grand  gorge  at 
a  great  depth  below  on  the  right,  and 
crosses  over  the  shoulder  {La  Viste, 
i.e.  la  vue)  separating  the  Guil  from 
the  Rioubel  on  the  S.  Here  the 
Pelvoux  and  its  attendant  peaks  are 
seen  to  great  advantage,  towering  up 
at  the  head  of  the  Vallouise,  and  over- 
topping all  the  intermediate  ridges. 
The  reddish  hue  which  prevails  among 
the  rocks  that  enclose  the  Durance 
valley,  and  their  extreme  barrenness, 
will  remind  the  traveller  of  the  colour- 
ing and  character  of  scenes  in  Pales- 
tine, while  the  extensive  records  of 
ancient  glacier  action  will  arouse  the 
fancy  of  the  geologist.  From  this 
shoulder  the  road  winds  down  some 
bare  slopes  by  several  zigzags  in  order 
to  gain  (3  m.  from  the  Maison  du 
Roi  and  19 J  m.  from  Abries)  the  con- 
siderable village  or  small  town  of 

Guillestre  (950  m.,  3,117  ft.),  on 
the  Riotibel  torrent.  (For  the  passes 
hence  by  the  Escreins  and  Vars  glens 
to  the  Ubaye  valley,  see  §  3.  Rte.  B. 
1  and  2.)  The  only  object  of  remark 
in  the  village  itself  is  the  parish 
church,  rebuilt  in  the  early  sixteenth 
century,  and  boasting  a  porch  sup- 
ported by  4  slender  pillars,  of  which 
the  two  central  ones  rest  on  the  back  of 
lions  carved  out  of  red  marble.  The 
chief  attraction  of  the  place  is  the 
magnificent  and  surprising  view  it 
enjoys  of  the  Pelvoux,  the  Pic  Sans 
Nom,  and  the  Ailefroide. 


From  Guillestre  a  road  runs  down 
in  3  m.  along  the  Rioubel,  the  Guil 
being  crossed  on  the  way,  to  the 
Montdauphin-Guillestre  station,  on 
the  Briancon  and  Grenoble  railway 
(§  9.  Rte.  Q).  This  station  is  17  m. 
from  Briancon  and  135  m.  from 
Grenoble.  It  is  just  under  the  nearly 
insulated  rock  with  three  precipitous 
sides  at  the  confluence  of  the  Guil  and 
the  Durance,  on  which  Vauban  in 
1693  built  the  fortress  of  Montdauphin, 
which  was  intended  to  block  the 
route  from  Italy,  but  which  now  pos- 
sesses little  more  than  an  historical 
interest. 


Route  C. 

ASCENT  OF  MONTE  VISO. 

Monte  Viso  (3,843  m.,  12,609  ft.) 

long  enjoyed  a  reputation  for  inacces- 
sibility second  only  to  that  of  the 
Matierhorn,  though  this  was  due 
rather  to  the  formidable  appearance 
of  the  crags  that  rise  tier  over  tier  to 
its  summit  than  to  the  actual  experi- 
ence of  any  competent  mountaineer 
who  had  attempted  the  ascent.  The 
S.  face  of  the  peak,  above  the  head 
of  the  Forciolline  glen,  is  the  only 
side  by  which,  looking  from  a  dis- 
tance, it  appears  practicable  to  reach 
a  considerable  height,  without  en- 
countering serious  difficulties,  and  it 
was  by  this  face  that  on  August  30, 
1 86 1,  Messrs.  W.  Mathews  and 
F.  W.  Jacomb,  with  J.  B.  and  Michel 
Croz,  succeeded  in  effecting  the  first 
ascent  of  the  peak.  In  1862  Mr. 
Tuckett  spent  a  night  on  the  summit, 
and  in  1863  the  first  Italian  party 
attained  the  summit.  These  three 
ascents  were  all  made  from  Castel- 
delfino  through  the  Forciolline  glen, 
Nowadays,  while  the  S.  face  is  the 
ordinary  route,  as  being  both  the 
shortest  and  the  easiest,  it  is  usual  to 
spent  the  night  at  the  Quintino  Sella 


62  COTTIAN  ALPS.  I. 


§  4.  VISO  DISTRICT 


Club  hut  (2,950  m.,  9,679  ft.),  at  the 
very  foot  of  the  S.  face,  reaching  it 
from  Crissolo  over  the  Passo  delle 
Sagnette.  It  was  not  till  1879  that  a 
new  way  up  the  Viso  was  struck  out, 
MM.  P.  Guillemin  and  A.  Salvador 
de  Quatrefages  then  climbing  from 
the  Col  de  Vallante  up  the  N.W. 
face,  that  so  well  seen  (though  wholly 
Italian)  from  the  head  of  the  valley  of 
the  Guil.  But  this  route  is  rather 
difficult,  and  has  been  but  rarely 
taken  since  its  discovery,  while  that 
up  the  N.E.  face  from  the  Piano  del 
Re,  first  effected  by  Mr.  Coolidge  in 
1 88 1,  is  even  more  difficult  and 
dangerous,  and  does  not  seem  to  have 
been  repeated.  It  was  only  in  1887 
that  Signor  G.  Rey  opened  out  a  new 
route  up  the  great  E.  face  from  the 
Col  dei  Viso,  and  this  is  now  fre- 
quently followed,  since,  without  being 
very  difficult,  it  is  more  interesting 
than  the  ordinary  way  up  the  S.  face. 
In  189  [  Signori  V.  Giordana  and 
P.  Gastaldi  made  the  first  ascent  (4  hrs. 
from  the  Club  hut  up  the  E.  wall)  of 
the  second  peak  of  the  Viso,  the  Viso 
di  Vallante,  3,672  m.,  12,048  ft.  (the 
name  has  been  wrongly  applied  to 
other  points),  the  blunt  point  which 
rises  a  little  S.W.  of  the  main  peak, 
and  has  been  called  by  some  French 
writers  the  6  Triangle  ;  '  while  in 
1893  Signori  Antoniotti  and  Grosso, 
having  ascended  this  summit,  forced 
their  way  first  below,  then  along  the 
connecting  ridge  in  about  4  hrs.  to 
the  highest  point  of  the  Viso  itself, 
this  serving  as  a  variation  on  the 
ordinary  route. 

We  must  now  proceed  to  give  some 
account  of  the  two  main  routes  up 
this  magnificent  peak,  a  brief  notice 
of  the  two  N.  routes  being  quite 
sufficient,  as  their  interest  is  mainly 
historical. 

I.  By  the  S.  Face. — This  rocky 
face  rises  above  the  head  of  the 
Forciolline  glen,  which  is  enclosed 
between  the  main  ridge  running  S.E. 
from  the  Viso,  and  that  running 
S.W.,  on  which  rises  the  Viso  di 
Vallante.    The  Club  hut,  near  the 


Sacripante  spring,  can  be  reached  in 
5  hrs.  from  Casteldelfino  by  following 
the  Col  de  Vallante  route  (Rte.  A.  2) 
as  far  as  the  Soulieres  chalets  (2  hrs.), 
and  then  mounting  in  a  N.E.  direc- 
tion, at  first  up  a  hill-side  diversified 
with  ancient  knotted  trees.  A  stream 
is  seen  on  the  N.E.  which  descends 
in  a  waterfall  from  the  upper  lakes. 
It  is  necessary  to  climb  up  the  steep 
rocky  barrier  on  its  W.  side  by  a 
green  gully,  and  a  rocky  hollow,  and 
over  a  shoulder,  in  order  to  gain  the 
upper  basin  of  the  Forciolline  glen. 
Several  lakes  are  passed,  and  the  glen 
bends  gradually  to  the  N.  when  the 
foot  of  the  last  slope  of  the  Passo 
delle  Sagnette  is  passed.  The  Club 
hut  is  seen  as  soon  as  the  corner 
of  the  valley  has  been  turned,  and  is 
attained  in  3  hrs.  from  Soulieres. 

A  party  starting  from  Crissolo 
must  mount  in  a  S.W.  direction  by 
a  zigzag  path  up  pastures  to  the 
desolate  Randoliera  glen,  enclosed 
between  two  great  moraines,  which 
leads  past  the  Prato  Fiorito  lakes  to 
that  of  Costagrande.  Above  the  last- 
named  lake  there  is  a  steep  ascent  up 
the  rocky  barrier  called  the  Baize  di 
Cesare,  by  which  and  a  short  descent 
the  Lago  Grande  di  Viso  is  attained. 
(This  point  may  also  be  reached  in 
about  3  hrs.  from  the  inn  on  the 
Piano  del  Re  (see  last  Rte.),  while  a 
rather  higher  point,  nearer  the  foot  of 
the  Passo  delle  Sagnette,  can  be 
attained  in  4  or  5  hrs.  from  Crissolo 
or  Oncino,  past  the  Alpetto  chalets. ) 
From  the  large  lake  a  stone-strewn 
plain  is  traversed  in  a  S.W.  direction 
to  a  small  lake,  immediately  above 
which  is  the  gully  of  shifting  stones 
by  which  the  Passo  delle  Sagnette 
(2,975  m-j  9>76i  ft-)  is  reached  in 
4-5  hrs.  from  Crissolo.  On  the 
other  side  a  stony  traverse  to  the 
N.W.  brings  the  traveller  in  less  than 
I  hr.  more  to  the  Club  hut. 

From  the  Club  hut  the  Viso  ap- 
pears as  a  rock  wall,  crowned  by  two 
horns,  the  easternmost  of  which  is 
the  culminating  point.  Rocks  and 
snow  lead  to  the  foot  of  this  wall, 


ROUTE  C.    ASCENT  OF  MONTE  VISO 


63 


which  is  then  climbed  in  two  or  three 
great  zigzags  first  to  the  E. ,  then  to 
the  W.,  by  many  gullies  and  ledges, 
to  the  base  of  its  upper  portion,  where 
the  rocks,  hitherto  not  very  steep, 
rise  more  precipitously.  It  is  perhaps 
best  to  bear  rather  to  the  right,  so  as 
to  gain  the  S.E.  ridge,  but  a  direct 
ascent  is  also  quite  possible.  3-4  hrs. 
suffice  under  ordinary  circumstances 
for  the  climb  from  the  Club  hut, 
there  being  no  serious  difficulty, 
though  there  are  many  loose  stones 
on  the  ledges.  Many  inexperienced 
travellers  make  this  ascent  annually. 
The  actual  summit  consists  of  a  rock- 
strewn  ridge,  which  rises  in  two  horns, 
connected  by  a  curving  snow  arete, 
and  distant  about  10  min.  from  each 
other.  On  the  E.  and  loftier  point 
there  was  set  up  in  1896  a  huge 
bronze  statue  of  the  Madonna,  backed 
by  a  gigantic  cross  6  m.  (20  ft.)  in 
height. 

The  view  from  the  summit  is, 
as  might  be  expected  from  the  pro- 
minent position  of  the  peak,  ex- 
tremely extensive,  both  over  the 
plains  and  the  mountain  ranges  of 
Italy,  France,  and  even  Austria.  It 
is  said  that  on  a  very  clear  day  the 
Mediterranean  can  be  seen  (but  this 
seems  very  doubtful),  and  also  the 
island  of  Corsica.  i§-2  hrs.  suffice 
for  the  return  to  the  Club  hut. 

2.  By  the  E.  Face. — The  starting 
point  for  this-  route  is  a  bivouac  near 
the  Lago  Grande  di  Viso,  or  that  of 
Costagrande  (see  above),  though  a 
party  of  active  walkers  may  achieve 
the  ascent  direct  from  the  inn  on  the 
Piano  del  Re.  The  actual  ascent 
commences  from  the  Col  dei  Viso, 
3  hrs.  from  that  inn.  Immediately 
to  the  W.  of  that  pass  a  great  deeply- 
cut  gully  is  seen,  which  descends 
from  a  conspicuous  snowfield  of  some 
size  on  the  E.  face  of  the  Viso.  The 
steep  but  good  rocks  about  100  m. 
(328  ft.)  N.  of  this  gully  are  climbed, 
and  then  the  snowfield  traversed,  so  as 
to  gain  the  foot  of  the  true  E.  ridge. 
A  well-marked  notch  at  the  foot  of 
the  sheer  drop  in  which  this  ridge 


ends  gives  access  to  its  S.  slope,  by 
traversing  which  diagonally  the  crest 
of  that  ridge  is  gained  above  that 
drop,  and  henceforth  followed  more 
or  less  to  the  E.  summit,  which  may 
be  gained  in  from  4  to  5  hrs.  from  the 
I   Col   dei   Viso.     This   E.    ridge  is 
j   separated  from  the  great  S.E.  ridge 
I  by  a  deep  couloir   which  descends 
i  to  the  Lago  Grande.    The  route  up 
j  the  E.  face  seems  to  offer  no  very 
j  serious  difficulties,  and  to  be  quite 
!  safe. 

3.  By  the  N.  W.  Face.—  From  the 
j   Piano  del  Re  or  any  of  the  neigh- 
bouring summits  there  is  seen  to  rise 
in  the  wide  depression  between  the 
Viso  and  the  Visolotto  a  curiously- 
shaped  and  jagged  rocky  point,  called 
the  Mano,  at  the  base  of  which  is 
a  high  cliff  of  ice,  commanding  the 
great  gully  which  descends  from  be- 
tween these  two  peaks  towards  the 
Piano  del  Re.    This  ice  cliff  is  really 
the  butt  end  of  a  little  glacier  (the 
only  one  of  any  size  anywhere  on  the 
Viso)  which  lies  hidden  away  in  a 
deep  hollow  between  the  two  peaks, 
I  and  close  to  the  head  of  the  Vallante 
glen.    This  small  glacier  (the  true 
Viso  glacier,  and  the  real  source  of 
the  Po)  is  the  key  to  the  two  routes 
which  have  been  effected  up  what 
may  be  called  the  two  facets  of  the 
N.  face  of  tKe  Viso.    From  a  bivouac 
close  to  the  lake  just  on  the  Italian 
side  of  the  Col  de  Vallante  there  is  no 
difficulty  in  reaching  over  stones  and 
this  glacier  the  notch  close  to  the 
N.  W.  foot  of  the  Viso.  A  short  gully 
and  easy  rocks  then  lead  over  on  to  the 
N.  W.  face,  and  round  to  a  small  three- 
cornered  ice  field  on  it.    It  is  best  to 
mount  the  good  rocks  on  the  S.  of  the 
j  couloir  leading  from  the  higher  ice 
field  to   that   just    mentioned,  the 
I  higher  ice  field,  which  stretches  like 
[  a  band  across  the  whole  N.W.  face 
I   to  the  hanging  glacier  under  the  Viso 
!   di  Vallante,  being  thus  attained.  A 
nearly  direct  ascent  up  it  and  the 
j   rocks  above  it,  with  a  great  zigzag  to 
the  left  to  a  jagged  crest  and  back  to 
I  the  right  below  a  curious  rock,  shaped 


64  COTTIAX  ALPS.  f. 


§  4.  VISO  DISTRICT 


like  an  inverted  bell,  and  a  final  snow 
gully  lead  to  the  highest  crest  of  the 
Viso,  between  the  two  horns.  The 
first  party  which  took  this  route  lost 
much  time  in  photographing,  halts, 
&c,  but  estimated  that  6  hrs.  20  min. 
walking  were  taken  from  the  Col  de 
Vallante  to  the  summit.  Mr.  Coolidge, 
who  three  weeks  later,  in  September, 
made  the  second  ascent  by  this  route, 
being  favoured  by  weather,  and  find- 
ing the  rocks  mostly  free  from  ice 
and  snow,  took  1  hr.  20  min.  from 
the  Col  de  Vallante  to  the  foot  of  the 
peak,  1 J  hr.  more  to  the  upper  ice 
held,  and  I  hr.  20  min.  thence  to  the 
top,  in  all  4  hrs.  10  min.  walking. 
Later  parties  have  taken  a  much 
longer  time,  and  it  is  probable  that 
this  route  is  easiest  in  late  summer, 
when  the  rocks  are  most  likely  to  be 
free  from  ice  and  snow. 

4.  By  the  N.E.  Face.  —  This 
difficult  and  rather  dangerous  route 
may  be  dismissed  briefly,  as  it  is 
more  or  less  of  a  tour  de  force.  Mr. 
Coolidge,  with  his  two  guides, 
Christian  Aimer,  sen.  andjun.,  went 
in  2  hrs.  5  min.  from  the  inn  on  the 
Piano  del  Re  to  the  foot  of  the  great 
couloir  descending  from  .the  ice  cliff 
between  the  Viso  and  the  Visolotto 
(see  3.  above),  and  in  2.\  hrs.  more, 
keeping  to  its  right  edge  (later  in 
the  day  it  is  swept  by  avalanches  from 
the  aforesaid  ice  cliff),  and  climbing 
up  rocks  and  round  a  great  pinnacle 
on  the  S.,  reached  the  Viso  glacier 
(see  above'),  at  the  N.  foot  of  the  Viso. 
Leaving  the  N.W.  route  to  the  right 
or  W,  the  party  climbed  up  good 
rocks  on  the  N.E.  face,  and  then  up 
very  steep  rocks  (rotten  and,  in  1881, 
also  iced)  on  the  right  bank  of  the 
steep  and  long  ice  couloir  which 
comes  down  from  the  summit  to  the 
Viso  glacier  (steps  having  occasion- 
ally to  be  cut  in  the  couloir  itself)  till 
a  gully  in  the  rocks  on  the  left  led 
them  to  the  E.  summit  in  hrs. 
from  the  Viso  glacier,  or  9  hrs.  50  min. 
from  the  Piano  del  Re.  The  route  is 
an  obvious  one  when  the  Viso  is  , 
examined  from  the  Col  de  la  Traver- 


sette  side,  but  is  very  long,  though 
direct,  and  hard,  so  that  it  can  never 
become  popular,  and  has  apparently 
never  been  taken  a  second  time. 

In  1839  the  late  Principal  Forbes 
made  the  tour  of  the  Viso,  and  has 
been  followed  by  a  few  travellers. 
This  may  be  made  from  the  Piano  del 
Re  inn  by  way  of  the  Col  dei  Viso, 
the  Passo  delle  Sagnette  (in  1839  a 
pass  further  S. — perhaps  the  San 
ChiafTredo  (Rte.  D.  1) — seems  to  have 
been  crossed),  the  Forciolline  glen  to 
the  Soulieres  huts,  the  Col  de  Val- 
lante, and  the  Col  de  la  Traversette. 
Four  ridges  must  thus  be  traversed, 
and  at  least  one  long  descent  and 
reascent  made,  so  that  this  expedition 
is  very  laborious,  and  not  to  be  re- 
commended. It  has  further  the  dis- 
advantage that  by  it  the  traveller  is  so 
close  under  the  Viso  that  it  is  impos- 
sible for  him  to  gain  a  just  idea  of 
the  peak  itself,  though  the  rock 
scenery  on  the  way  is  very  striking. 
It  is  far  better  in  every  way  for  the 
traveller  who  wishes  to  study  and 
admire  the  monarch  of  the  Cottian 
Alps  to  ascend  one  or  another  of  the 
great  belvederes,  which,  as  in  the 
case  of  Mont  Blanc,  surround  it. 
These  are  the  Grand  Rubren,  at  the 
head  of  the  Ubave  valley  (§  3. 
Rte.  B) ;  the  Pelvo  tfElva,  S^  of 
Casteldelfino  (§  3.  Rte.  D)  ;  the 
Point e  Joanne,  above  the  Col  de 
Vallante  (  Rte.  A.  I.  b.  above)  ;  and 
the  Monte  Meidassa,  above  the  Piano 
del  Re  (Rte.  B.  above).  The  E.  face 
itself  is  best  seen  from  the  Viso  Mozzo 
(Rte.  B.  above). 


Route  D. 

CRISSOLO  TO   THE   VAL  VARAITA 
AND  THE  VAL  PELLICE. 

As  Crissolo  is  the  principal  head- 
quarters of  travellers  in  the  Viso 
district,  it  seems  convenient  to  gather 


ROUTE  D.  CRISSOLO 


TO  THE  VAL  VARAITA 


65 


into  one  Rte.  some  particulars  relating 
to  the  passes  which  lead  thence  either 
to  the  Val  Varaita,  on  the  S.  (Rte.  A. 
above),  or  to  the  Val  Pellice,  on  the 
N.  (§  5-  Rte.  A). 

1.  To  the  Val  Varaita.— There 
are  at  least  four  passes  across  the 
ridge  between  the  Po  and  Varaita 
valleys,  but  it  must  be  noted  that  in 
every  case  they  lead  from  the  Lenta 
basin,  and  not  from  that  of  the  Po 
itself,  although,  as  there  is  a  good  track 
from  Crissolo  to  Oncino,  this  does  not 
matter  practically. 

(a)  By  the  Pas  so  delle  Sagnette. — 
This  pass  (2,975  m.,  9,761  ft.)  has 
been  described  in  Rte.  C.  I.  above, 
in  connection  with  the  ascent  of 
Monte  Viso.  4-5  hrs.  suffice  to  reach 
it  from  Crissolo  direct  (without  pass- 
ing by  Oncino),  and  3§  hrs.  for  the 
descent  to  Casteldelfino.  It  will 
mainly  be  used  as  a  pass  by  those 
travellers  who  take  the  Viso  on  the 
way  from  Crissolo  to  Casteldelfino.  It 
is,  of  course,  perfectly  easy  to  reach  this 
pass  from  Oncino  past  the  Alpetto 
huts. 

{b)  By  the  Passo  di  San  Chiaffi-edo. 
—  This  is  a  dull,  stony,  and  unin- 
teresting pass  (2,764  m.,  9,069  ft.), 
redeemed  only  by  the  magnificent 
views  of  the  Viso  gained  on  the  way 
up  from  the  Alpetto  chalets.  Very 
possibly  it  was  by  this  Col  that 
Principal  Forbes  passed  in  1839. 
The  stone-strewn  plain  S.  of  the 
Lago  Grande  di  Viso  is  gained,  as  for 
the  Sagnette,  and  then  it  is  necessary 
to  bear  sharply  to  the  S.,  and  finally 
to  the  W. ,  in  order  to  gain  the  pass 
(5  hrs.  from  Crissolo).  Some  peaks 
of  the  Chambeyron  group  are  seen 
hence,  but  the  prospect  may  be 
greatly  extended  (though  always  shut 
in  on  the  N.  by  the  Viso,  itself  a 
most  striking  sight)  by  mounting 
N.W.  in  2  hrs.  to  the  Punta  Michelis 
(3,132  m.,  10,276  ft.)  The  glen 
shown  on  the  Italian  map  W.  of  that 
peak  is  non-existent,  as  the  summit 
directly  overlooks  the  Forciolline  glen 
(to  which  the  descent  is  very  easy), 
while  on  the  S.W.  ridge  of  the  peak, 
I. 


and  20  min.  off,  there  is  a  slightly 
higher  point.  The  descent  from  the 
Col  lies  past  three  small  lakes,  and 
then  by  a  path  to  the  S.W.  through 
a  rocky  defile,  and  over  stony  pastures 
in  the  Giargiatte  glen  to  the  Vallante 
valley,  rather  below  the  Soulieres 
huts,  the  track  from  the  Col  de  Val- 
lante (Rte.  A.  2)  being  followed, 
thence  to  Casteldelfino  (2  j-  hrs.  from 
the  Col). 

(c)  By  the  Col  di  Luca. — The  way 
from  Oncino  to  this  pass  (2,461  m., 
8,074  ft-) 5  which  seems  to  be  less 
stony  and  more  direct  than  its  two 
neighbours,  lies  up  the  S.W.  branch 
of  the  Lenta,  by  the  Bute  glen,  at  the 
extreme  S.  head  of  which  is  the  Col 
(4  hrs.  or  so  from  Crissolo).  The 
path  on  the  other  side  bends  S.W. 
over  pastures  to  Casteldelfino  (2  hrs.) 

(d)  By  the  Col  di  Cervetto.  — A  mule 
path  traverses  this  pass  (2,245  m., 
7,366  ft, ),  which  lies  due  S.  of  Oncino, 
at  the  very  head  of  the  main  Lenta 
valley,  and  due  N.  of  Sampeyre.  6-7 
hrs.  are  said  to  be  necessary  to  go 
from  Crissolo  to  Sampeyre  by  this 
Col,  near  which  there  are  remains  of 
redoubts  thrown  up  in  the  wars  of  the 
eighteenth  century. 

2.  To  the  Val  Pellice.  —  The 
traveller  has  the  choice  between  many 
easy  passes,  according  as  he  desires  to 
attain  the  head  or  the  lower  reach  of 
the  Val  Pellice.  We  describe  the 
passes  across  this  range  in  order  from 
W.  to  E. 

(a)  By  the  Col  Luis  as. — This  pass 
was  mentioned  in  the  account  of  the 
environs  of  the  Piano  del  Re  given  in 
the  preceding  Rte.  It  may  be  gained 
in  20-30  min.  from  the  spring  on 
the  way  to  the  Col  de  la  Traversette, 
or  in  2  hrs.  from  the  Piano  del  Re. 
E.  of  it  is  the  Monte  Meidassa, 
3,105  m.,  10,187  ft.  (accessible  in 
10  min.),  and  W.  is  the  Monte 
Granero,  3,170  m.,  10,401  ft.  (50 
min.  climb. )  The  height  of  the  pass 
must  be  about  3,000  m.  (9,843  ft.), 
and  it  leads  to  the  very  head  of  the 
Val  Pellice.  The  descent,  whether 
from  the  former  summit  or  the  Col 

F 


66 


COTTIAN  ALPS.  I. 


§  4.  VISO  DISTRICT 


itself,  is  made  by  snow  slopes  and 
stones  to  the  Lago  Nero  (1  hr.),  close 
to  the  ColManzol  (2,711m.,  8, 895  ft. ), 
leading  over  into  the  head  of  the 
Carbonniers  glen  (see  b  and  c,  below). 
A  faint  track  thence  runs  clown  W. 
(leaving  on  the  S.  the  traverse  over 
grass  and  glacier-worn  rocks  to  the 
Col  de  Sey litres,  i|hr.— Rte.  B)  over 
an  old  moraine,  and  passes  near  the 
Adret  del  Laus  lake,  beyond  which 
the  path  from  the  Col  de  Seylieres  is 
joined,  and  followed  over  the  pas- 
tures of  the  upper  Val  Pellice,  the 
scenery  of  which  is  very  fine,  to  the 
Giabotta  del  Pra  inn.  This  is  at  the 
foot  of  the  Col  de  la  Croix  (§  5.  Rte. 
A),  and  about  2  hrs.  above  Bobbio, 
in  the  main  Val  Pellice,  and  may  be 
reached  in  2J-3  hrs.  from  the  Col 
Luisas. 

(b)  By  the  Col  de  T  Amait  di  Viso. 
— The  way  over  this  pass  (2,692  m., 
8,832  ft.)  strikes  off  to  the  N.  from 
the  Amait  di  Viso  plain  ('Amait'  is 
said  to  mean  a  plain  in  the  local 
dialect),  on  the  way  from  the  Piano 
del  Re  to  the  Col  de  la  Traversette 
(Rte.  B),  and  mounts  rather  steeply 
to  the  pass  (ij  hr.  from  the  Piano 
del  Re  inn),  which  commands  a  very 
extensive  view  of  the  Viso  group,  the 
Graians,  and  the  Pennines,  extend- 
ing to  Monte  Rosa.  A  wild  and 
dreary  glen  (into  which  leads  the  track 
from '  the  Col  Manzol)  on  the  other 
side,  wherein  there  seems  to  be  but 
one  lake  of  any  size,  brings  the 
traveller  by  a  steep  descent  to  the 
Pis  huts  (if  hr. )  Hence  a  track 
leads  N.W.  through  woods  and  over 
the  Col  Porsel  (2,358  m.,  7,737  ft.) 
in  2-|  hrs.  to  the  Chiabotta  del  Pra 
inn.  The  main  track  runs  down  the 
Carbonniers  glen,  and  joins  that  from 
the  Sea  Bianca  (see  c.  below),  before 
attaining  Bobbio  (2-2 J  hrs.) 

(c)  By  the  Col  de  Sea  Bianca. — 
This  pass  (2,580  m.,  8,465  ft.)  is  for 
many  reasons  the  most  agreeable  route 
between  the  two  valleys,  as  the  way 
lies  over  pastures,  and  there  is  a  mule 
path  throughout.  The  track  mounts 
"N.W.  from  Crissolo  past  Borgo,  with 


its  conspicuous  white  church  tower, 
and  above  the  right  bank  of  the 
Bialot  gorge.  The  view  from  the  Col 
(3  hrs.  from  Crissolo)  is  as  extensive  as 
from  the  Col  de  l'Amait  di  Viso,  but 
more  smiling,  as  the  wide  pastures 
above  Crissolo  lie  spread  at  the  spec- 
tator's feet.  On  either  side  of  the 
pass,  at  a  height  of  about  6,000  ft., 
may  be  found  Arabis  pedemontana,  a 
plant  not  known  to  exist  elsewhere. 
On  the  upper  part  of  the  ridge  are 
many  other  rare  plants,  e.g.  Pedicu- 
laris  rosea  and  fascimlata,  Saxifraga 
retusa,  &c. 

On  the  other  side  the  path  de- 
scends past  the  Giana  huts  to  the 
Carbonniers  glen,  some  way  below 
the  Pis  chalets  (b.  above),  the  left 
side  of  which  is  followed  till  the  Val 
Pellice  is  reached,  a  little  below 
Bobbio  (3-4  hrs.  from  the  pass). 

(d)  By  the  Col  delle  Porte.— A 
traveller  bound  direct  from  Crissolo 
to  the  little  town  of  Torre  Pellice 
will  find  this  his  best  and  shortest 
route.  It  is  traversed  by  a  good  foot 
path.  From  Borgo,  above  Crissolo 
(above,  c),  the  way  lies  due  N.  up  the 
Tossiet  pasture  glen,  the  torrent  from 
which  joins  the  Po  just  below  the 
Sanctuary  of  San  Chiaffredo,  a  final 
ascent  to  the  N.E.  from  very  nearly 
the  highest  chalets,  up  more  grass 
slopes,  leading  to  the  Col  (2,267  m«> 
7,438  ft.)  in  2-2J  hrs.  from  Crissolo. 
The  fine  view  may  be  greatly  widened 
by  following  the  easy  ridge  on  the 
N.W.  to  the  Mont  Frioland,  2,720 
m.,  8,924  ft.  (1  hr.)  Looking  N. 
the  hills  are  seen  stretching  down 
their  arms  to  the  plain,  which  is  now 
no  great  distance  off.  A  rather  steep 
descent  leads  down  to  the  bare  upper 
basin  in  which  are  the  Uverti  chalets, 
below  which  are  those  of  Rama,  and 
the  grassy  Piano  Frolero  (ij  hr.) 

Here  the  traveller  may  choose  be- 
tween two  routes.  One  (not  recom- 
mended) runs  N.  across  several  spurs 
and  glens  between,  till  the  picturesque 
village  of  Rora  (942  m.,  3.091  ft.)  is 
attained  (2-2J  hrs.)  ;  the  ridge  N.  of 
that  village  can  be  gained  in  J  hr. , 


§  5.  WALDENSIAN  VALLEYS 


67 


and  then  either  Villar  Pellice,  on  the 
N.W.,  or  Torre  Pellice,  on  the  N.E., 
attained  (ij  hr.)  by  paths  which 
traverse  the  hill-sides.  But  it  is  in- 
finitely preferable  to  bear  N.E.  from 
the  Piano  Frolero,  by  a  winding  rock 
staircase,  to  the  main  Luserna  valley, 
which  here  forms  a  beautiful  gorge. 
Soon  a  rough  char  road  is  reached, 
which  serves  the  purpose  of  some 
slate  quarries.  The  valley  becomes 
more  and  more  beautiful  as  the 
traveller  descends.  The  track  from 
Rora  falls  in,  and  chestnuts  shade  the 
road  till  (3-4  hrs.  from  the  pass)  the 
village  of  Luserna  (now  forming  one 
commune  with  San  Giovanni,  oppo- 
site) is  entered.  It  is  only  1  m.  by 
road  or  railway  below  the  capital  of 
the  Waldensian  Valleys,  Torre  Pel- 
lice (see  §  5.  Rte.  A). 


SECTION  5. 

WALDENSIAN  VALLEYS. 

In  this  district  we  include  the  Pied- 
montese  valleys  lying  between  the 
Po  and  the  Dora  Riparia,  which  are 
inhabited  by  the  Waldensians  or 
Vaudois,  whose  heroic  resistance  to 
persecution,  and  final  emancipation 
from  all  religious  disabilities,  have 
excited  the  lively  sympathy  of  all  who 
know  their  history.1 

1  It  should  always  be  borne  in  mind 
that  the  heirs  of  what  was  originally 
a  religious  revival  at  Lyons  in  the 
twelfth  century  became  in  the  six- 
teenth-seventeenth century,  by  their 
deliberate  and  voluntary  act,  merged 
in  the  Calvinistic  movement  of  Geneva, 
and  since  that  date  have  lost  their 
historical  identity.  For  a  true  account 
of  their  origin  and  literature  see  Karl 
Miiller's  Die  '  VValdenser,  und  ihre 
einzelnen  Gruppen  bis  znm  Anfa?ig 
des  14.  Jahrhunderts  (Gotha,  1886), 
and  E.  Montet's  Histoire  Litteraire 
des  Vaudois  du  PUmont  (Paris,  1885). 


These  valleys  do  not  contain  any 
very  high  mountains,  the  loftiest 
being  the  Rognosa  de  Sestrieres 
(3,279  m.,  10,758  ft.),  above  the  Col 
de  Sestrieres,  while  other  noteworthy 
summits  are  the  Mont  Politri  (3,081 
m.,  10,009  ft.)  and  Mont  Albergian 
(3,040  m.,  9,974  ft.  ;  both  above 
Fenestrelles),  the  Grand  Queyron 
(3,067   m.,   10,073  tne  Brie 

Bouchet  (3,003  m.,  9,853  ft.),  the 
Punt  a  Vergia  (2,990  m.,  9,810  ft.), 
and  the  Punta  Cournour  (2, 868  m. , 
9,410  ft.)  But,  quite  apart  from  any 
historical  associations,  the  scenery  of 
the  valleys  is  very  beautiful,  the 
forests  and  the  clear  streams,  not  fed 
by  glaciers,  lending  many  charms  to 
what  is  almost  a  subalpine  region. 

Two  principal  valleys  make  up  the 
entire  district.  One  is  that  of  the 
Pellice,  which  runs  from  the  foot  of 
the  Monte  Granero  in  a  due  N. 
direction  to  Villanova,  and  then 
nearly  due  E.  The  other  is  that  of 
the  Chisone,  which  from  its  source 
at  the  head  of  the  Troncea  glen 
flows  in  the  form  of  a  long  crook, 
first  towards  the  N.W.,  and  then 
curves  gradually  round  till  it  returns 
towards  the  S.E.,  entering  the  plain 
of  Piedmont  near  Pinerolo,  and 
joining  the  Pellice  a  few  miles  below 
that  town  :  at  Perosa  it  receives  a 
considerable  affluent,  the  Germanasca, 
made  up  of  the  torrents  from  the 
glens  of  Prali,  Rodoretto,  and  Mass- 
ello.  With  the  exception  of  the 
Prali  branch  of  the  Germanasca, 
which  does  at  a  single  point  touch 
the  main  ridge  of  the  Cottians,  there 
communicating  with  the  Guil  valley 
by  the  double  Col  d'Abries,  the 
Chisone  valley  does  not  drain  any 
portion  of  the  main  Cottian  chain. 
For  it  will  be  seen,  on  consulting  a 
map,  that  the  Dora  Riparia,  with  one 
of  its  chief  branches,  the  Ripa>  is 
also  dispesed  in  the  form  of  a  crook, 
though  of  larger  dimensions,  and 
thus  completely  surrounds  the  valley 
of  the  Chisone,  cutting  it  off  from  the 
main  chain.  Hence  a  traveller  who 
would  pass  from  the  Chisone  valley- 
F  2 


6$         COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  5. 


WALDENSIAN  VALLEYS 


into  Dauphine  or  Savoy  must  (save  by 
the  Col  d'Abries)  traverse  a  double 
Alpine  rampart,  with  the  Dora  or  the 
Ripa  valley  as  a  ditch  between  the  two 
obstacles.  This  singular  disposition 
of  the  mountains  has  not  been  with- 
out its  influence  upon  the  history  of 
the  Waldensians  during  their  armed 
struggle  for  the  defence  of  their 
religious  liberty. 

The  best  account  of  the  Valleys 
from  a  topographical  and  military 
point  of  view  is  M.  A.  de  Rochas 
d'Aiglun's  4  Les  Vallees  Vaudoises ' 
(Paris,  1881),  with  an  excellent  large- 
scale  map,  while  for  the  wonderful 
march  of  the  exiles  (August  16-26, 
1689)  from  the  Lake  of  Geneva  back 
to  their  valleys  the  description  by 
their  leader,  Henri  Arnaud,  £  Histoire 
de  la  Glorieuse  Rentree  des  Vaudois 
dans  leurs  Vallees'  (17 10,  reprinted 
at  Geneva  in  1879),  may  be  con- 
sulted. Many  local  details  may  be 
gathered  from  an  Italian  translation 
(Pinerolo,  1879)  of  the  old  edition  of 
the  present  (and  preceding)  Section, 
made  by  the  late  Mr.  R.  H.  Budden, 
and  enriched  with  notes  and  appen- 
dices by  Signor  V.  BufTa  and  Dr. 
Rostan. 


Route  A. 

PINEROLO  TO  ABRIES  BY  THE 
VAL  PELLICE. 

Pinerolo  (French  Pigneroi)  is  a 

large  straggling  town  connected  with 
Turin  by  a  railway  (24  m.,  ij- 
hr.),  past  Airasca  (the  junction 
for  Saluzzo  :  see  §  4.  Rte.  A).  5§  m. 
beyond  Pinerolo  is  Bricherasio,  where 
the  line  to  Barge  (for  Paesana  and 
Crissolo,  see  §  4.  Rte.  B)  branches 
off,  and  then  "the  line  runs  due  W. 
along  the  Pellice  to  Luserna- Sa7t 
Giovanni  (4  m.),  two  villages  on 
either  bank  of  that  river,  but  now 
forming  one  commune.  The  former 
stands  at  the  entrance  of  the  Luserna 


glen  (see  §  4.  Rte.  D.  2.  d).  Here  is 
the  opening  of  the  richly-wooded 
upper  Pellice  valley,  and  in  1  m. 
more  (or  34J-  m.  from  Turin,  2-2|hrs. 
by  rail)  the  traveller  reaches  the 
capital  of  the  Waldensian  Valleys, 

Torre  Pellice  (called  in  French  La 
Tour,  though  the  words  '  de  Luserne ' 
are  often  wrongly  added),  640  m., 
2,100  ft.  It  is  a  small  town  of 
prosperous  appearance,  though  the 
buildings  do  not  seem  altogether 
suited  to  the  Italian  character  of  the 
very  beautiful  scenery  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood. The  results  of  the  industry 
of  the  inhabitants  have  been  largely 
increased  by  liberal  contributions 
from  England,  Scotland,  and  other 
Protestant  countries,  by  means  of 
which  a  handsome,  though  plain, 
Waldensian  church,  and  other  public 
buildings,  have  been  established  here. 
French  is  the  language  used  in  the 
Church  service  of  the  Waldensians, 
and  is  very  generally  spoken  here, 
though  not  always  in  the  remoter 
glens.  The  neighbourhood  of  Torre 
Pellice  abounds  in  rich  and  beautiful 
scenery,  and  travellers  who  are 
interested  in  the  country,  apart  from 
the  people,  should  not  fail  to  visit 
the  Angrogna  glen  (see  Rte.  C.  1), 
and  also  that  of  Luserna,  with  Rora 
(described  in  §  4.  Rte.  D.  2.  d).  The 
botanist  will  be  pleased  to  see  the 
rare  Campanula  elatines  growing 
abundantly  in  shady  places  in  the 
Waldensian  Valleys. 

There  is  a  rough  char  road  for  6  m. 
up  the  valley  along  the  left  bank  of 
the  Pellice  as  far  as  Bobbio,  which 
commands  on  the  way  fine  views  of 
the  neighbouring  summits.  At  Villar 
Pellice  (4  m. )  the  Carbo?miers  glen 
opens  out  on  the  S.,  and  through  it 
several  passes  lead  to  Crissolo  (§  4. 
Rte.  D.  2.  b  and  c). 

Bobbio  (743  m.,  2,438  ft.)  is  a 
large  village  of  a  very  Italian  type, 
and  remarkable  chiefly  for  the 
massive  stone  embankment,  con- 
structed by  means  of  a  grant  from 
Oliver  Cromwell  (whose  name  is 
therefore  still  remembered  here)  to 


ROUTE  A.    PINEROLO  TO  ABRIES  BY  THE  VAL  PELLICE  69 


protect  the  village  from  the  constant 
and  recurring  danger  of  inundations 
of  the  Pellice.  (For  the  Col  Giulien 
hence  to  Prali,  and  the  ascent  of  the 
Punta  Cournour,  see  Rte.  C.  2.) 
The  mule  track  soon  crosses  by  a 
strong  wooden  bridge  the  Cmello 
torrent,  descending  from  the  Col 
Giulien,  and  then  mounts  steeply  high 
above  the  Pellice,  the  rugged  rocks 
and  magnificent  trees  being  very 
striking  and  picturesque,  though  the 
stony  path  is  rather  fatiguing.  It  is 
better  on  the  whole  to  remain  always 
on  the  left  bank  of  the  Pellice,  though 
there  is  a  tempting  path  which  crosses 
and  recrosses  the  stream.  A  very 
beautiful  walk,  during  which  fine 
views  are  obtained  on  looking  back 
towards  Bobbio,  brings  the  traveller 
to  the  last  hamlet,  Villanova  ^ 
1,230  m.,  4,036  ft.  (if  hr.)  Here 
the  Pellice  valley  bends  sharply  to 
the  S.,  and  is  followed  by  the  track, 
which  runs  always  above  its  left  bank. 
The  ascent  becomes  steeper  and 
steeper,  while  the  valley  itself 
gradually  contracts,  and  becomes  a 
mere  ravine,  partly  closed  by  huge 
masses  of  rock  fallen  from  above.  In 
the  wildest  part  of  this  gorge  are  the 
ruins  of  the  little  fort  of  Mirabouc 
(\  hr.),  constructed  in  the  second  half 
of  the  sixteenth  century  by  the  reign- 
ing Duke  of  Savoy,  in  order  to  guard 
this  entrance  to  Piedmont,  and  de- 
stroyed by  the  French  troops  at  the 
end  of  the  eighteenth  century.  The 
track  passes  through  one  of  the  gates 
of  the  fort,  and  there  is  no  other 
passage  along  the  precipitous  rocks 
that  enclose  this  gloomy  gorge. 
Several  side  torrents  are  crossed,  and 
two  small  plains.  Then  a  final  zigzag 
ascent  leads  up  to  the  Collet  de  la 
Madeleine  (thus  avoiding  the  impas- 
sable gorge),  whence  in  a  few  minutes 
( 1  hr.  from  Mirabouc,  or  3  hrs.  from 
Bobbio)  the  beautiful  level  pastures 
of  the  uppermost  reach  of  the  Pellice 
valley  are  reached.  They  naturally 
excite  the  astonishment  of  the 
traveller,  who  here  finds  also  a  very 
fair  little  mountain  inn,  the  Chiabotta 


del  Pra  (1,732  m.,  5,683  ft.),  which 
may  well  serve  as  headquarters  for  a 
climber  or  naturalist  desiring  to 
explore  the  neighbourhood.  (For  the 
ascents  of  the  Monte  Granero,  and 
Monte  Meidassa,  at  the  head  of  the 
valley,  the  Cols  Luisas,  de  Seylieres, 
Manzol,  and  Porsel,  see  §  4.  Rtes.  B 
and  D.  2.  a  and  b). 

The  ascent  to  the  Col  de  la  Croix 
commences  just  beyond  the  houses  of 
Pra,  and  many  steep  zigzags  must  be 
mounted  in  a  S.W.  direction  up  a 
rocky  shoulder  or  buttress  which 
forms  the  N.  limit  of  the  savage  and 
impracticable  Comba  Neva,  the 
natural  approach  to  the  pass.  In 
nr-  the  pasture  plateau  which 
forms  the  Col  de  la  Croix  (2,309  m., 
7,576  ft. )  is  attained.  Hence  there  is 
a  fine  view  of  the  Viso  seen  over  the 
notch  of  the  Col  de  Seylieres,  as  well 
as  of  the  Mirabouc  gorge  and  of  the 
great  Dauphine  peaks.  A  gentle 
descent  leads  in  a  few  minutes  to  one 
of  the  'Refuges  Napoleon,'  a  small 
mountain  inn,  beyond  which  the  path 
(here  and  there  passable  for  chars) 
winds  down  the  right  side  of  the  bare 
Morelle  glen,  and  then  descends  by 
many  zigzags  to  the  hamlet  of  La 
Mont  a  (1  hr. ),  on  the  Col  de  la 
Traversette  route  (§  4.  Rte.  B),  which 
is  followed  for  a  long  hour  more  to 
Abries,  thus  reached  in  about  6|-  hrs. 
from  Bobbio.  This  pass  is  one  of 
the  easiest  and  most  frequented  in 
the  entire  chain  of  the  Alps. 

There  are,  however,  three  other 
passes  between  the  Val  Pellice  and 
Abries  which  present  greater  attrac- 
tions to  mountaineers  than  this  easy 
mule  path.  They  all  cross  the  ridge 
between  the  Brie  Bouchet  and  the 
Tete  du  Pelvas. 

(a)  Col  Bouchet. — The  way  quits 
that  of  the  Col  de  la  Croix  10  min.  be- 
yond Villanova  {l\  hr.  from  Bobbio), 
just  before  a  bridge,  and  then  mounts 
by  zigzags,  and  later  high  above  the 
left  bank  of  the  Brunei  torrent,  to  the 
Crozena  chalets,  1,583  m.,  5,194  ft. 
(1  hr.  from  Villanova),  where  the 
mule  track  ends.     Here   the  glen 


7o         COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.     §  5. 


WALDENSIAN  VALLEYS 


splits  into  two  arms,  our  way  lying 
up  that  to  the  N.W.  along  the 
Bonchet  torrent,  the  Brie  Bouchet 
itself  towering  grandly  up  on  the 
N.  There  is  always  a  path,  which 
crosses  to  the  left  bank  of  the  Bouchet 
\  hr.  beyond  the  chalets,  and  recrosses 
an  hour  higher  up,  above  a  high  step 
in  the  valley.  A  last  steep  ascent 
then  leads  up  to  the  Col  Bouchet 
(2,600  m.,  8,531  ft.),  i\  hrs.  from 
Crozena.  Here,  as  often  in  the  S.W. 
Alps,  there  is  a  frontier  stone  dated 
1823,  and  bearing  the  arms  of  France 
and  Savoy.  Just  below  the  Col  on 
the  Italian  side  there  is  a  ruined  hut. 

([From  the  pass  the  ascent  of  the 
bold  rock  pyramid  of  the  Brie  Bouchet 
(3,003  m.,  9,853  ft.)  may  be  made  in 
I A  hr.  or  so  either  by  a  gully  on  the 
S.E.  ridge  or  the  E.  face  itself.  It 
can  also  be  scaled  by  the  steep  but 
good  rocks  of  its  W.  face  (2  hrs.  or 
less  from  the  base,  while  by  rounding 
the  W.  foot  to  a  notch  in  the  N. 
ridge  called  <  La  Passette  '  ( I  hr. 
from  the  Col  Bouchet)  the  summit  can 
be  gained  in  \  hr.  more  by  good 
rocks.  In  fact,  though  the  Brie 
makes  a  brave  show  from  a  distance 
(even  from  Chateau  Queyras,  far  down 
the  Guil  valley),  it  is  not  really  diffi- 
cult of  access.  A  good  walker  may 
reach  it  in  4  hrs.  from  Abries  by  way 
of  4  La  Passette,'  while  the  return  to 
that  village  by  the  W.  face  can  be 
effected  in  3J  hrs.  or  less.] 

The  descent  from  the  Col  lies  over 
the  N.  slopes  of  the  pretty  pasture  glen 
of  Valpreveyre,  the  chalets  of  that  name 
being  gained  in  rather  over  an  hour. 
\  hr.  more,  mainly  along  the  left  bank 
of  the  torrent,  leads  to  the  chapel  of 
St.  Barthelemi,  at  the  junction  with 
the  Colon  glen,  descending  from  the 
Brie  Froid,  and  below  the  village  of 
Le  Roux,  whence  f  hr.  more  almost 
entirely  along  the  right  bank  of  the 
stream  brings  the  traveller  to  Abries, 
which  is  thus  reached  in  rather  over 
7  hrs.  from  Bobbio  by  this  route. 

(b)  By  the  Col  de  Malaure.  —This 
pass  (2,567  m.,  8,422  ft.)  is  simply  a 
variation  of  the  foregoing.    The  path 


to  it  bears  due  W.  at  the  Crozena 
huts,  and  on  the  other  side  the  Col 
Bouchet  track  is  joined  before  the 
Valpreveyre  huts.  The  time  required 
is  much  as  for  the  Col  Bouchet. 

(c)  By  the  Col  deW  Urina. — This 
pass  is  just  N.  of  the  Tete  du  Pelvas, 
which  may  easily  be  ascended  from 
it.  There  are  traces  of  an  old  mule 
path.  From  the  inn  at  the  Chiabotta 
del  Pra  a  path  runs  N.  up  a  steep 
grass  slope,  by  which  in  -J-  hr.  the 
Pis  Uvert  chalets,  in  a  green  hollow, 
are  attained.  The  direction  to  take 
then  becomes  N.W.  In  -J  hr.  the 
rough  bit  called  the  '  Barricate '  is 
passed,  and  then  a  very  stony  and 
desolate  glen  with  a  uniform  slope 
leads  in  an  hour  more  to  the  Col 
(2,537  m.,  8,324  ft.) 

[In  i±  hr.  or  less  by  the  N.  ridge  it 
is  easy  to  attain  the  very  fine  view 
point  of  the  Tete  du  Pelvas,  or  M. 
Paravas  (2,936  m.,  9,633  ft.)  It  is 
so  easy  of  access  that  some  day  it 
will  become  celebrated  for  its  pano- 
rama, although  it  is  itself  a  stony 
peak  in  a  state  of  rapid  disintegration. 
It  is  easy  also  to  traverse  in  \  hr. 
from  the  Col  to  the  W.  ridge  of  the 
peak,  along  which  the  summit  is 
gained  in  a  short  hour  more.  The 
easiest  way  up  the  Tete  is  from  the 
S.E.] 

The  descent  from  the  Col  on  the 
French  side  is  over  pastures,  the 
routes  of  the  two  foregoing  passes 
being  joined  at  the  Valpreveyre  huts, 
and  Abries  reached  in  2  hrs.  from  the 
pass.  A  shorter  and  more  interesting 
way  from  the  summit  of  the  peak  is 
to  follow  the  W.  ridge  to  the  point 
named  4  Crete  d 'Abries '  on  the 
French  map  (whence  there  is  a  very 
fine  view  of  the  Viso),  descending 
thence  direct  nearly  due  W.  past  huts 
to  Abries,  which  by  this  way  is  not 
much  more  than  2  hrs.  from  the  top. 


ROUTE  B.    PINEROLO  TO  CESANNE 


Route  B. 

PINEROLO  TO  CESANNE  BY  THE 
COL  DE  SESTRIERES. 

Steam  tramway  in       hr.  to  Perosa  ; 
carriage  road  on  to  Cesanne. 

This  route  lies  up  the  second  of  the 
two  main  valleys  of  this  district,  that 
of  the  Chisone,  but,  owing  to  the 
curious  topographical  position  of  this 
valley,  explained  in  the  Introduction 
to  this  Section,  the  Col  at  its  head 
does  not  cross  the  main  chain  of  the 
Alps,  but  leads  simply  to  Cesanne, 
at  the  foot  of  the  Mont  Genevre,  and 
not  many  miles  distant  from  the 
Mont  Cenis.  The  Chisone  valley, 
with  the  three  glens  of  its  tributary, 
the  Gerjnanasca,  abounds  in  beautiful 
scenery,  and  well  rewards  some  days 
devoted  to  exploring  their  recesses, 
and  the  ranges  that  enclose  them. 
Indeed,  a  visit  to  the  Waldensian 
Valleys  is  singularly  incomplete  if 
at  least  the  Massello  glen  is  not  seen, 
as  well  as  those  of  the  Pellice 
and  Angrogna.  The  Chisone  valley 
is  also  called  Val  di  Perosa  as  far  as 
the  Bee  Dauphin,  then  Val  de  Fenes- 
trelles  as  far  as  that  spot,  next  Val  de 
Pragelas  to  Les  Traverses,  and  finally 
Val  Troncea  thence  to  its  source. 

The  road  from  Pinerolo  to  Cesanne 
enters  the  Chisone  valley  proper  a 
short  distance  before  reaching  the 
village  of  Porte  (3  m.)  One  mile 
further  it  passes  close  to  some  very 
extensive  quarries  at  Malanaggio. 
The  gneiss,  which  is  developed  here 
on  a  great  scale,  is  extremely  varied 
in  its  mineral  structure,  and  some  of 
the  beds  furnish  stone  which  is  highly 
valued  for  architectural  use.  Huge 
blocks  have  been  extracted  for  the 
columns  of  a  recently  built  church  on 
the  Po,  and  other  public  buildings  in 
Turin.  Advancing  farther  up  the 
valley,  the  gneiss  gives  place  to  a 
schist,  composed  almost  exclusively 
of  black  mica  ;  and  at  various  points 
in  the  ranges  which  enclose  the 
valley,   especially   on    the   Col  d' 


ll'Assietta,  serpentine  appears  in  large 
masses,  and  seems  to  have  modified 
the  mineral  character  of  the  rocks 
which  it  approaches.  One  mile  be- 
yond, just  about  the  place  where  the 
valley  turns  from  the  W.  to  the  N.W., 
the  Vaudois  hamlet  of  San  Germano 
is  seen  on  the  opposite  bank,  niched 
in  a  hollo w  in  the  mountain-side, 
and  above  it  that  of  Pramollo.  (For 
the  routes  past  these  villages  to 
Torre  Pellice,  or  Perrero,  see  Rte.  C. 
I.)  After  passing  Villar  Perosa  the 
village  of  Pinasca  is  reached.  (From 
these  two  villages  mule  paths  lead 
over  the  Col  di  Ce7-esera  and  the  Col 
del  Besso  in  6  hrs.  to  Giaveno,  on  the 
Sangone  torrent,  and  I  hr.  from  the 
Avigliana  station,  on  the  Mont  Cenis 
railway  (§  7.  Rte.  A),  or  2  hrs.  from 
Turin  by  a  direct  steam  tramway, 
the  ascent  of  the  Mont  Freidour 
(1,445   m'j  4'74J  a  splendid 

belvedere,  taking  but  ^  hr.  from  the 
former  pass.)  Eleven  miles  from 
Pinerolo  is 

Perosa  Argentina  (627  m., 2,057  ft.), 
or  Perouse,  a  small  town,  but  the 
most  considerable  in  the  valley,  with 
several  industrial  establishments. 
There  is  a  fort  here,  for  till  17 13  it 
was  the  first  Piedmontese  town  this 
side  of  the  French  frontier.  It  stands 
opposite  the  opening  on  the  W.  of 
I  the  Germanasca  valley,  which,  with 
its  three  branches,  is  described  in 
detail  in  Rtes.  C,  D,  and  E. 

The   road,  which  has   risen  but 
221  m.  (725  ft. )  since  leaving  Pinerolo, 
I   mounts  considerably  in  the  next  por- 
tion of  the  valley,  and  the  Alpine 
region  is  entered  on.    A  short  way 
from  Perosa  the  valley  narrows,  while 
above  are  seen  on  a  promontory  on 
the  right  the  ruins  of  Bee  Dauphin, 
the  old  fortress  which  marked  the 
frontier  of  Dauphine  till  1713.  For 
!   by  the  Treaty  of  Utrecht,  made  in 
I  that  year,  an  alteration  was  made  in 
I   the  singular  state  of  things  by  which 
for  long  the  king  of  France,  as  heir 
of  the  old  Dauphins,  held  certain 
valleys  on  the  E.  slope  of  the  Alps, 
I   while  the  House  of  Savoy  held  that 


72        COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  5. 

of  Barcelonnette.  By  that  treaty  the 
last-named  valley  was  handed  over  to 
France,  which  on  its  side  ceded  the 
valleys  of  Casteldelfmo,  Fenestrelles, 
and  Exilles,  thus  making  the  Alps 
the  political  as  well  as  the  natural 
frontier.  It  is  said  that  even  now 
the  French  tongue  retains  the  pre- 
dominance over  the  Italian  in  that 
part  of  the  Chisone  valley  above  Bee 
Dauphin. 

For  a  long  period  the  Vaudois  were 
not  permitted  to  settle  on  the  right 
bank  of  the  Chisone  valley,  being  re- 
stricted to  the  valleys  of  the  Pellice 
and  the  Germanasca,  with  their  side 
glens.  But  since  1848  all  religious 
disabilities  have  been  removed,  and 
many  of  them  have  settled  on  the 
left  bank  of  the  valley  of  Fenestrelles, 
besides  others  who  have  been  attracted 
to  Turin.  In  spite  of  the  considerable 
ascent  in  this  portion  of  the  valley  it 
enjoys  a  high  temperature,  and  the 
mulberry  flourishes  up  to  Fenestrelles, 
though  the  vine  is  said  to  appear  only 
below  Bee  Dauphin.  The  valley 
widens  out  after  Bee  Dauphin,  and 
becomes  exceedingly  picturesque, 
chestnut  trees  and  meadows  and 
forests  being  shut  in  by  high  and  bare 
mountain  slopes.  Several  villages  are 
traversed — Mean,  Ronre,  Mento  idles 
— all,  like  the  road,  on  the  left  bank 
of  the  Chisone,  as  throughout  the 
valley.  (From  the  second  of  these 
there  is  a  mule  track  across  the  Col 
del  la  Roussa,  2,017  m->  6,618  ft.,  on 
the  N.E.  to  Giaveno,  in  6-7  hrs.,  but 
there  is  also  a  military  char  road  over 
the  pass,  starting  direct  from  Fenes- 
trelles.)  Beyond  Mentoulles  the 
magnificent  forest  of  Chambon  is 
seen  on  the  other  side  of  the  river. 
At  length  in  9  m.  from  Perosa  the 
traveller,  who  has  for  some  time  seen 
the  fortifications,  reaches  by  an  iron 
drawbridge  Fenestrelles  (1,150  m., 
3? 773  ft.),  a  poor  little  town  which 
crouches  under  the  imposing  works  of 
the  celebrated  Fort,  which  is,  it  will  be 
recollected,  the  scene  of  M.  Saintine's 
touching  romance  of  '  Picciola. 5  This 
Fort  is  supposed  to  be  one  of  the 


WALDENSIAN  VALLEYS 

strongest,  as  it  certainly  is  one  of  the 
most  considerable,  near  the  frontier 
between  France  and  Italy.  The  works 
rise  one  above  another  in  successive 
tiers  on  the  steep  N.  slope  of  the 
valley,  the  highest  battery  being 
gained  by  a  covered  staircase,  in 
which  there  are  3,600  steps.  Four 
detached  forts  command  the  ap- 
proaches, and  nothing  that  military 
science  could  suggest  has  been  neg- 
lected in  defence  of  this  route  into 
Italy.  The  fortifications  date  from 
18 1 6,  though  remains  of  older  ones, 
constructed  in  1693  to  defend  the 
approaches  from  the  Piedmonteseside, 
when  the  valley  belonged  to  France, 
and  destroyed  by  the  French  in  1796, 
are  still  to  be  seen.  To  the  S.W. 
towers  up  the  Mont  Albergian 
(3,040  m.,  9.974  ft.),  and  to  the  S.E. 
the  Mont  Folitri  (3,081  m.,  10,009 
ft.)  (For  the  Col  d' Albergian,  at  the 
S.E.  foot  of  the  former,  leading  over 
to  the  Massello  glen,  see  Rte.  F. ) 

One  mile  beyond  Fenestrelles  a 
road  leads  up  to  the  hamlet  of 
Usseaux,  half  hidden  amidst  larches. 

[Hence  two  easy  passes  give  access 
to  the  valley  of  the  Dora  Riparia  at 
or  near  Susa.  One  is  the  Col  des 
Fenitres  (2,215  m->  7? 2^7  ft*)>  on  ^e 
N.  E. ,  over  which  a  military  char  road, 
the  numerous  zigzags  of  which  can  be 
cut  off  by  means  of  the  old  mule  path, 
leads  in  5-6  hrs.  to  Susa.  It  is  an 
extremely  agreeable  and  interesting 
walk,  the  view  from  the  summit  com- 
manding the  peaks  on  either  side  of 
the  Mont  Cenis  Pass.  The  other  is 
the  Col  deW  Assietta  (2,472  m., 
8,111  ft.),  far  to  the  N.W.,  and 
reached  by  a  mule  path  which  makes 
a  long  traverse  to  the  Assietta  glen, 
gained  more  directly  from  the  hamlet 
of  Pourrieres,  in  the  Chisone  valley. 
By  this  route  Chiomonte,  a  little 
S.W.  of  Susa,  and  on  the  Mont  Cenis 
railway,  may  be  reached  in  6  hrs. 
from  Fenestrelles.  This  is  a  very 
interesting  expedition.  The  summit 
is  a  plateau  of  considerable  extent, 
which  was  repeatedly  the  scene  of 
military  operations  in  the  wars  be- 


ROUTE  B.    PINEROLO  TO  CESANNE 


73 


tween  France  and  Piedmont.  In 
particular  the  Piedmontese  here  drove 
back  the  French  forces  on  July  19, 
1747,  an  obelisk  on  the  hillock  S.W. 
of  the  pass  commemorating  this  feat 
of  arms.  The  remains  of  redoubts 
are  seen  in  many  places,  while  in  a 
depression  of  the  plateau,  called  the 
Vallon  des  Moris,  the  bodies  of  many 
hundred  brave  men  lie  buried.] 

Above  Fenestrelles  the  valley  be- 
comes more  Alpine  in  character.  The 
hamlet  of  Pourrieres  is  about  half- 
way between  that  town  and  Pragelas 
(7  m.  from  Fenestrelles),  and  1  m. 
further  is  Les  Traverses  (1,605  m., 
5,266  ft.),  the  highest  village  in  the 
Chisone  valley. 

[From  Pragelas  and  Les  Traverses 
two  easy  mule  passes  lead  over  in  about 
4  hrs.  past  Sauze  d'Oulx  to  Oulx,  on 
the  Mont  Cenis  railway  (§7.  Rte.  A). 
One  is  the  Col de  Coteplane  (2,313  m., 
7,589  it.),  traversed  by  the  Vaudois 
in  1689,  and  the  other  is  the  Col  de 
Bourget  (2,284  m->  7>494  ft.)j  tne 
most  convenient  for  a  traveller  who 
wishes  to  go  from  Oulx  to  the  Massello 
glen — see  Rte.  F.  below — in  one 
day.  J 

The  road  now  leaves  the  valley  of 
the  Chisone,  which  continues  S.  by 
the  Troncea  glen,  through  which 
there  are  passes  to  those  of  the  Ripa, 
Massello,  and  Rodoretto  (see  Rtes. 
E  and  F).  Several  great  zigzags  are 
followed  by  a  steady  rise  along  the 
mountain  slope,  the  huts  of  Sestrieres 
being  seen  below,  till  the  pasture 
plateau  of  the  Col  de  Sestrieres 
(2,021  m.,  6,631  ft.)  is  attained. 
Besides  the  neighbouring  peaks  and 
the  Pelvoux,  the  cone  of  the  Mont 
Chaberton,  on  the  W.,  is  very  con- 
spicuous, while  S.E.  of  the  pass  is 
the  rocky  peak  of  the  Rognosa  de 
Sestrieres  (3,279  m.,  10,758  ft.),  the 
culminating  point  of  the  Waldensian 
Valleys. 

[From  the  little  inn,  called  the 
Baraccone,  just  below  the  Col  on  the 
Cesanne  side,  this  commanding 
summit  may  be  climbed  without  any 
difficulty  in  3  hrs.  or  less.    The  way 


lies  up  the  Chisonetto  glen  to  the 
second  notch  on  the  W.  of  the  peak, 
the  Basso  San  Giacomo  of  the  Italian 
map,  whence  the  W.  ridge  is 
followed,  but  the  N.W.  face  can  be 
climbed  direct.  The  ascent  is  very 
stony,  but  the  panorama  from  the 
summit  is  most  magnificent,  including 
nearly  the  whole  of  the  S.W.  and 
Pennine  Alps,  with  Turin,  and  many 
of  the  villages  round  the  peak.  Few 
summits  so  easily  accessible  command 
so  splendid  a  view.  J 

The  road  descends  gently  on  the 
other  side  of  the  pass,  gains  by  two 
great  zigzags  the  village  of  Ckamplas 
du  Col  (1,770m.,  5,807  ft.),  below 
which  is  Sauze  de  Cesanne,  at  the 
entrance  of  the  Ripa  glen  (see  §  6. 
Rte.  B),  and  long  continuing  on 
the  grassy  mountain-side  high  above 
the  Ripa  torrent  finally  descends  by 
two  great  zigzags  to  (10  m.  from  Les 
Traverses,  or  39  m.  from  Pinerolo) 

Cesanne  (1,350  m.,  4,459  ft.), 
whose  red -roofed  houses  have  been 
seen  below  for  some  time.  This 
village  stands  at  the  meeting  of  the 
Dora  and  Ripa  torrents,  which  here 
unite  to  form  the  Dora  Riparia. 
The  former  flows  from  the  Mont 
Genevre  (§  6.  Rte.  A),  at  the  Italian 
foot  of  which  Cesanne  is  built  (12  m. 
from  Briancon),  the  zigzag  road  up  to 
the  pass  being  well  seen  during  the 
descent  from  the  Col  de  Sestrieres, 
while  5  m.  below  Cesanne  is  Oulx,  a 
station  on  the  Mont  Cenis  railway  to 
Turin  (§  7.  Rte.  A).  Cesanne  thus 
occupies  a  very  important  topo- 
graphical position,  and  its  neighbour- 
hood will  be  more  fully  described  in 
§  6.  Rte.  A,  the  passes  leading  hence 
to  Abries  in  §  6.  Rte.  B,  and  those  to 
the  Prali  and  Rodoretto  glens  in 
Rtes.  D  and  E,  below. 


COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  5.  WALDENSIAN  VALLEYS 


Route  C. 

TORRE  PELLICE  OR  BOBBIO  TO 
PEROSA. 

The  great  mountain  spur  which 
runs  N.E.  from  the  Brie  Bouchet 
separates  the  Val  Pellice  from  the 
Prali  glen  of  the  Germanasca  valley, 
this  spur  enclosing  at  its  E.  end  the 
hollow  of  Pramollo.  Hence  there 
are  several  ways  of  reaching  Perosa, 
in  the  Chisone  valley,  over  this  ridge. 
Good  walkers  will  prefer  to  cross  the 
Punta  Cournour,  perhaps  taking  the 
Pra  del  Torno  on  the  way. 

I.  By  the  Val  Angrogna. — Just 
N.  of  Torre  Pellice  there  opens  the 
very  beautiful  Angrogna  glen,  up  the 
left  side  of  which  a  rough  char  road 
leads,  partly  through  splendid  chest- 
nuts, to  San  Lorenzo  d?  Angrogna 
(f-  hr.),  and  continues  as  a  mule  path 
past  Serre  to  the  lovely  and  famous 
amphitheatre  of  pastures  enclosed  by 
rocks,  called  the  Pra  del  Torno 
(1^-2  firs. ),  celebrated  in  Vaudois 
history.  The  scenery  can  hardly  be 
surpassed  for  the  combination  of  rich 
forest  vegetation,  bold  rocks,  and 
sparkling  torrents,  and  this  is  the 
most  agreeable,  and  indeed  the  indis- 
pensable, excursion  to  make  from 
Torre  Pellice. 

There  are  several  ways  from  the 
Angrogna  glen  to  the  Chisone  valley 
more  or  less  near  Perosa.  The 
easiest  is  the  mule  path  which  leads 
in  about  2  hrs.  from  San  Lorenzo  by 
the  Colletta  (888  m.,  2,913  ft.)  to 
Porte.  But  a  more  interesting  way, 
(a  mule  track)  starts  from  Serre,  and 
crosses  the  fine  pastures  of  Vaccera 
by  the  Col  delta  Vaccera  (1,500  m., 
4,921  ft.)  to  Peumeano,  Pramollo , 
and  San  Germano,  in  5-6  hrs.  A 
much  longer  route  is  to  mount  from 
Pra  del  Torno  by  a  mule  path  to  the 
Col  Seiran  (1,827  m->  5>994  ft«)> 
above  the  chalets  of  that  name,  and 
then  (instead  of  descending  N.E.  to 
Pramollo  and  San  Germano)  to  follow 
a  path  along  the  crest  of  the  ridge 


(partly  covered  with  forest)  between 
the  Pramollo  hollow  (easily  gained 
hence)  and  the  lower  Germanasca 
valley  :  this  ridge  is  called  the  Costa 
di  Lazzara,  and  from  it  the  way 
descends  to  Riclaretto,  whence  paths 
lead  right  towards  Perosa  past  Poma- 
retto,  and  left  to  Perrero  past  Faetto. 
It  is  said  that  9- 10  hrs.  are  required 
from  Torre  Pellice  to  Perosa  by  this 
route.  A  more  direct  route  to  Perrero, 
though  very  steep  and  toilsome  (not  re- 
commended), crosses  the  ridge  at  the 
very  head  of  the  Val  Angrogna  by  the 
Pas  so  delV  Infernetto  (2,351  m., 
7,714  ft.)  The  descent  hence  is 
rough  and  stony,  passing  the  lake  and 
huts  of  Lanson,  and  the  hamlets  of 
Roccia  and  Faetto,  before  reaching 
Perrero,  which  is  9  good  hours'  walk 
by  this  route  from  Torre  Pellice. 

By  bearing  S.W.  from  the  Pra  del 
Torno  the  chalets  of  Giasset  are 
reached,  from  which  there  is  a  new 
military  mule  path  across  the  Passo 
del  Rons  (2,661  m.,  8,731  ft.)  to  the 
basin  of  the  Tredici  Laghi,  whence 
another  military  path  descends  direct 
to  Prali ;  a  third  runs  N.  along  the 
W.  slope  of  the  range  between  the 
Prali  and  Faetto  glens  till  S.  of  the 
Rocca  Bianca,  2,379  m.,  7,805  ft. 
(a  white  dolomite  point,  easily 
reached  hence,  and  commanding  a 
fine  view),  it  passes  to  the  E.  slope 
and  so  goes  down  to  Perrero.  It  is 
possible  to  go  from  the  Faetto  glen 
by  the  Babna  chalets  across  this 
range  S.  of  the  Rocca  Bianca,  and  so 
reach  Prali  in  about  4-5  hrs.  from 
Perrero,  while  from  the  head  of  that 
glen  the  Porta  delta  Cialancia 
(2,691  m.,  8,829  ft.)  gives  access  to 
the  basin  of  the  Tredici  Laghi  in 
about  5-6  hrs.  from  Perrero. 

[This  basin  or  plateau  (where  there 
is  now  an  Italian  military  station), 
accessible  from  so  many  sides,  and 
best  in  \\  hr.  from  the  hamlet  of 
Ribba,  at  the  head  of  the  Prali  glen, 
is  the  most  convenient  spot  whence 
to  ascend  the  Punta  Cournour 
(2,868  m.,  9,410  ft.),  the  highest 
point  on  the  great  spur  running  N.  E. 


ROUTE  D.    GERMANASCA  VALLEY 


75 


from  the  Brie  Bouchet.  It  takes 
about  |  hr.  from  its  base  by  the  N. 
ridge,  or  an  easy  3  hrs.  from  Ribba, 
since  from  the  first  of  the  Tredici 
Laghi  to  the  base  of  the  peak  about 
I  hr.  is  required.  The  view  is 
naturally  confined  to  the  neighbour- 
ing ridges  and  valleys,  but  is  the  best 
to  be  obtained  from  any  point  in  the 
very  heart  of  the  Waldensian  Valleys. 
It  is  easy  to  descend  in  I  hr.  to  the 
Julien  huts,  whence  it  is  2  hrs.  more 
down  to  Bobbio.  3 

2.  By  the  Col  Julien  {or  Giulian). 
—  This  route  leads  from  Bobbio  to 
Prali.  Formerly  a  bad  mule  path 
crossed  the  pass,  but  a  good  one 
has  recently  been  made,  so  as  to 
connect  Bobbio  with  the  military 
station  at  Tredici  Laghi.  The  old  mule 
path  mounted  steeply  N.W.  from 
Bobbio  above  the  left  bank  of  the 
Cruello  torrent,  which  runs  in  a  wild 
gorge  below.  The  way  is  stony  and 
rough.  In  about  3  hrs.  the  Julien 
chalets  are  gained,  and  I  hr.  more 
leads  to  the  pass  (2,547m.,  8,357  ft.), 
which  commands  a  fine  view  of  the 
Viso.  The  descent  lies  down  debris  ; 
the  route  of  the  Col  d'Abries  (Rte. 
D)  is  joined  at  Ribba,  and  Prali 
gained  in  2  hrs.  from  the  pass.  The 
char  road  thence  to  Perrero  and 
Perosa  is  described  in  the  next  Rte. 


Route  D. 

PEROSA  TO  ABRIES  BY  THE 
GERMANASCA  VALLEY. 

Opposite  Perosa  is  the  opening  of 
the  Germanasca  Valley,  also  called 
the  Valley  of  St.  Martin,  through 
which  the  united  torrents  of  three 
Alpine  valleys  are  poured  into  the 
Chisone.  These  unite  f  m.  above 
Perrero,  which  is  5  m.  from  Perosa 
by  char  road,  and  flow  from  the  Prali 
glen,  with  its  tributary  the  Rodoretto 
glen,  on  the  S.  W.,  and  from  the  Mass- 


ello  glen"  (specially  called  the  valley 
of  St.  Martin)  on  the  N.W.  To 
complete  our  account  of  the  Walden- 
sian Valleys  some  notice  must  be 
given  in  this  and  the  two  following 
Rtes.  of  these  three  glens,  and  of  the 
chief  passes  that  lead  from  them. 

The  char  road  on  leaving  Perosa 
crosses  the  Chisone  and  mounts  the 
main  Germanasca  valley  past  Poma- 
rettO)  with  many  substantial  buildings 
of  various  kinds,  all  belonging  to  the 
W^aldensians,  and  built  amidst  charm- 
ing surroundings.  Beyond,  the  road 
passes  through  a  narrow  rock  gorge, 
on  issuing  from  which  the  various 
hamlets  forming  St.  Martin  are  seen 
above  on  the  right,  while  Riclaretto 
and  Faetto  (whence  various  routes 
lead  to  the  Val  Angrogna  :  see  last 
Rte. )  are  seen  on  the  opposite  side  of 
the  valley.  The  road  winds  round  a 
promontory,  behind  which  quite  un- 
expectedly the  traveller  arrives  at  the 
hamlet  of 

Perrero,  832  m.,  2,730  ft.  (5  m. 
by  road  from  Perosa,  or  about  2  hrs. ' 
walk),  consisting  of  a  single  street  of 
rather  wretched  houses,  squeezed  in 
between  the  mountain-side  and  the 
roaring  Germanasca.  Here  resided 
the  late  Dr.  E.  Rostan,  an  excellent 
botanist,  to  whom  the  Editor  (J.  B.) 
was  indebted  for  valuable  information 
as  to  the  district. 

I  m.  W.  of  Perrero  is  the  meeting 
of  the  two  main  branches  of  the 
Germanasca.  The  torrent  from  the 
N.W.  branch,  that  of  the  Massello, 
is  crossed,  and  the  mule  path  thither 
(Rte.  F)  left  on  the  right,  a  rough 
char  road,  used  for  the  transport  of 
the  white  marble,  blocks  of  which 
may  be  seen  scattered  about,  mount- 
ing S.W.  along  the  left  bank  of  the 
Germanasca.  In  about  ij-hr. ,  after 
passing  through  a  wild  gorge,  the 
road  leaves  the  path  to  Rodoretto 
(Rte.  E)  on  the  right,  and  in  \  hr. 
more  emerges  into  the  green  basin  of 
Prali,  the  largest  hamlet  in  which, 
La  Villa  (1,372  m.,  4,501  ft.),  is  5m. 
by  road  from  Perrero,  or  about  2  hrs. ' 
walk.  (Hence  a  low  pass  leads  by  the 


?6         COTTIAN  ALPS    t    §  5. 


WALDENSIAN  VALLEYS 


chalets  of  Galmont  in  a  -short  hour 
over  to  the  village  of  Rodoretto. ) 

The  scenery  of  the  upper  part  of 
the  Val  Germanasca  is  very  fine  and 
wild.  From  La  Villa  the  char  road 
continues  up  the  valley  past  Cugno 
and  Gbigo,  the  chief  village  of  the 
valley,  to  J  hr.  below  Pome,  or  Pom- 
miers  (1,500  m.5  4,921  ft.)  Here 
the  ways  to  the  principal  passes  at 
the  head  of  the  valley  part.  That  to 
the  Col  Julien  (Rte.  C.  2)  lies  to  the 
S.  E. ,  while  there  and  higher  up  the 
S.W.  arm  of  the  glen  respectively 
those  to  the  Cols  della  Longia 
(2,812  m.,  9,226  ft.)  and  Frappier, 
2,725  m.,  8,941  ft.  (both  leading  to 
Cesanne  by  the  Ripa  glen)  branch  off 
to  the  W.S.W.  The  mule  way  to 
the  Col  d'Abries  (the  notch  of  which 
can  be  seen  from  Ghigo)  continues  to 
the  S.W.  above  the  left  bank  of  the 
torrent. 

[There  is  a  longer  track,  which 
mounts  from  Giordan,  near  Pome, 
as  a  char  road  to  the  hamlet  of 
Ribba,  on  the  Col  Julien  route,  and 
thence  mounts  as  a  mule  path  above 
the  right  bank  of  the  torrent,  only 
uniting  with  the  way  described  on 
the  French  side  of  the  Col  d'Abries. 
By  bearing  slightly  to  the  W.  after 
mounting  zigzags  to  the  buttress 
between  the  Germanasca  and  the 
Miniera  torrents,  it  is  easy  to  gain 
the  chalets  of  Bois  du  Col  (1,686  m. , 
5,532  ft.),  where  the  track  to  the  Col 
by  the  left  bank  of  the  former  stream 
is  joined.  J 

At  a  point  beyond  the  last  chalets 
(Roccias)  where  the  track  bifurcates 
care  should  be  taken  to  keep  to 
that  on  the  left  hand  (the  other 
mounts  high  up  to  some  pastures 
on  the  right),  by  which  in  about 
3-3  J  hrs.  from  Prali  the  more 
northerly  of  the  two  notches  that  con- 
stitute the  Col  d'Abries,  de  Prali,  or  de 
St  Martin  (2,650  m.,  8,695  is 
attained.  It  is  marked,  as  it  is  fre- 
quented even  in  winter,  by  a  boundary 
stone,  bearing  the  French  and  Savoy- 
ard arms,  as  well  as  by  two  cairns.  The 
view  includes  the  neighbouring  sum- 


mits with  Rochebrune,  the  Sommet 
des  Rouies,  and  Chaillol,  besides 
Monte  Rosa.  There  is  a  small  tarn 
just  below  the  pass  on  the  French 
side. 

The  mule  path  on  the  French  side 
is  straightforward.  Some  way  down 
it  crosses  to  the  left  bank  of  the  tor- 
rent, and  winds  through  the  Bois  de 
Mamozel,  round  the  W.  end  of  the 
spur  projecting  W.  from  the  Brie 
Bouchet,  and  above  the  hamlet  of 
La  Moniette.  The  village  of  Le  Roux 
is  reached  in  about  \\  hr.  from  the 
Col,  and  below  it  is  the  chapel  of 
St.  Barthelemi,  where  our  way  joins 
that  from  the  Val  Preveyre  (see  Rte. 
A.  a),  and  crossing  to  the  right 
bank  of  the  stream  follows  it  till  .it 
recrosses  at  A  brie s,  f  hr.  from  Le 
Roux,  2\  hrs.  from  the  Col,  or  about 
9jhrs.  from  Perosa. 


Route  E. 

PEROSA    TO    CESANNE    BY  THE 
RODORETTO  VALLEY. 

It  was  pointed  out  in  the  last  Rte. 
that  about  1  \  hr.  beyond  Perrero  the 
way  to  the  Rodoretto  glen  of  the 
Germanasca  branches  off  from  that  to 
the  Prali  glen  of  the  same  valley. 
From  this  spot  a  mule  path  mounts 
towards  the  village  of  Gardiola,  but 
before  reaching  it  bears  to  the  left  to 
enter  the  small  village  of  Villa  di 
Rodoretto,  1,429  m.,  4,689  ft.  (ij 
hr. ),  where  the  traveller  is  surprised 
by  the  sight  of  a  Roman  Catholic 
church  standing  opposite  aWaldensian 
or  Protestant  '  temple,5  a  spectacle 
rarely  seen  in  the  Alps  save  in  this 
district. 

[From  Rodoretto  one  track  leads 
over  a  ridge  on  the  N.  in  1^  hr.  to 
the  chief  village  of  the  commune  of 
Salza,  and  Champ  de  Salse,  opposite 
Massello,  in  the  glen  of  that  name, 
while  another  leads  S.  over  a  second 


ROUTE  E.    PEROSA  TO  CESANNE 


77 


ridge  to  the  La  Villa  hamlet  of  Prali 
In  a  short  hour.  J 

The  footpath  continues  up  the 
Rodoretto  valley  above  the  left  bank 
of  the  torrent  past  several  hamlets  to 
the  chalets  (beyond  the  hamlet  of 
that  name)  of  Balma,  1,877  m-> 
6,158  ft.  (I J  hr.)  Here  the  way 
over  the  Col  della  Valletta  (2,690  m., 
8,826  ft.)  to  the  Troncea  glen,  and  so 
to  Les  Traverses  at  the  Pinerolo  foot 
of  the  Col  de  Sestrieres  (Rte.  B), 
bears  to  the  W.  (a  very  long  and  cir- 
cuitous route  to  that  spot).  But  to 
reach  Cesanne  the  path  above  the 
left  bank  of  the  Rodoretto  torrent 
must  be  mounted  in  a  S.W.  direction 
for  yet  i|  hr.  to  the  Col  de  Rodoretto, 
2,774  m.,  9,101  ft.  (4  J  hrs.  from 
Perrero).  The  Viso  and  Turin  are 
visible  from  the  pass,  but  Prali,  Pome, 
Les  Traverses,  the  Tredici  Laghi, 
and  Mont  Clapier,  in  the  Maritime 
Alps,  may  be  seen  in  addition  by 
following  the  ridge  S.E.  for  I J  hr.  to 
the  summit  of  the  Punta  Vergia 
(2,990  m.,  9,810  ft.),  a  point  which 
seems  much  nearer  the  pass  than  it 
really  is. 

A  slope  of  stones  leads  down  to 
pastures.  The  way  from  the  Col  La 
Mayt  (§  6.  Rte.  B)  is  joined  before 
entering  the  hamlet  of  Argentiera^ 
and  the  Ripa  torrent  (one  of  the  two 
branches  of  the  Dora  Riparia) 
followed  throughout  its  length  to  the 
village  of  Sauze  de  Cesanne  (1,531  m., 
5,023  ft.),  at  its  entrance,  and  below 
the  high  road  from  the  Col  de 
Sestrieres  (Rte.  B).  Thence  a  char 
road  (mainly  along  the  left  bank  of 
the  Ripa)  runs  past  Bonsson,  at  the 
mouth  of  the  Thurres  glen  (§  6.  Rte. 
B),  to  Cesanne^  at  the  foot  of  the  Col 
de  Sestrieres  (Rte.  B)  and  of  the 
Mont  Genevre  (§  6.  Rte.  A).  At 
least  4!  hrs.  are  required  to  go  from 
the  Col  to  Cesanne,  which  is  thus 
II  hrs.'  walk  from  Perosa. 


Route  F. 

PEROSA  TO  PRAGELAS  OR  FENES- 
TRELLES  BY  THE  MASSELLO 
VALLEY. 

Owing  to  the  peculiar  fashion  in 
which  the  Chisone  (itself  enclosed 
similarly  by  the  Dora  Riparia)  en- 
closes the  Massello  valley ;  the  passes 
which  lead  from  it  all  bring  the 
traveller  to  some  part  of  the  upper 
Chisone  valley.  Hence  the  routes 
through  this  valley  involve  a  great 
detour,  but  they  lead  through  some  of 
the  finest  scenery  of  the  district,  and 
over  ground  which  is  of  interest  to 
the  historian  (the  name  of  the  Bal- 
siglia  need  only  be  mentioned  to  show 
this)  as  well  as  to  the  naturalist. 

As  stated  in  Rte.  D  the  mule  track 
up  the  Massello  valley  quits  the  char 
road  towards  Prali  f  m.  (J  hr.)  be- 
yond   Perrero,    after    crossing  the 
bridge   over   the   Massello  torrent. 
The  path  follows  the  clear  stream  of 
that  torrent  along  its  right  bank,  and 
crosses  it  under  the  little  hamlet  of 
Baissa,  the  chief  hamlet  of  the  com- 
mune of  Ma?iiglia,  high  up  on  the  N. 
slope  of  the  valley.    It  then  winds 
through  a  most  picturesque  ravine, 
one   of  the   prettiest  spots   in  the 
Waldensian  Valleys,  on  issuing  from 
which  it  reaches  the  union   of  the 
Salza  torrent  on  the  S.W.  with  the 
main  stream.    The  path  on  the  left 
climbs  up  to  the  hamlets  of  Salza  and 
Cha?np  de  Salse,  1,405  m.,  4,610  ft. 
(for  the  way  thence  to  Rodoretto  see 
last  Rte.),  at  the  latter  of  which  is 
the  residence  of  the  Waldensian  pastor 
of  Massello,  Signor  J.  J.  R.  Tron, 
whom  the  present  Editor  (W.  A.  B.  C.  ) 
has  to  thank  for  much  courtesy,  and 
for  open-handed  hospitality,  which  is 
freely  extended  to  any  travellers  who 
may  pass  this  way.    The  path  on  the 
right  leads  up  to  Massello  (1,185  m-> 
3,888  ft,),  where  is  the  Waldensian 
'temple'   (ij-   hr.    or    more  from 
Perrero),    Beyond,  on  the  way  a  fine 
view  of  the  head  of  the  glen  being 


78        COTTIAN  ALPS.    L    §  5.  WALDENSIAN  VALLEYS 


gained,  is  the  hamlet  of  Gros  Passet, 
perched  on  a  rock  above  the  stream, 
and  about  1  hr.  from  Massello  is  the 
village  of  Bahiglia  (1,380  m., 
4,528  ft.),  opposite  the  entrance  of 
the  Chinivert  glen. 

[From  the  village  3  J-  hrs.  suffice  to 
mount  in  a  S.W.  direction  to  the  Col 
du  Chinivert  (2,803  m.,  9,197  ft.), 
leading  over  to  the  Troncea  valley  ;  a 
further  ascent  of  1^  hr.  from  the  Col 
by  the  S.  ridge  brings  the  traveller  to 
the  summit  of  the  Brie  Chinivert 
(3?°37  m-5  9*964  ft.)>  a  fme  view 
point.  3 

Opposite  and  above  the  right  bank 
of  the  stream  is  the  strange  and 
picturesque  natural  rocky  fortress  of 
the  Balsiglia  or  Balsille,  where  the 
Waldensians  entrenched  themselves 
in  August  1689  on  their  '  Glorieuse 
Rentree,'  and  defied  the  troops  of 
France  and  Savoy  in  May  1690.  It 
is  well  to  climb  up  to  this  natural 
fortress  by  the  steep  path,  in  order  to 
realise  more  vividly  this  remarkable 
feat  of  mountain  warfare.  After 
Ortiere,  the  last  hamlet,  is  passed  the 
glen  becomes  very  bare  and  savage, 
and  many  zigzags  wind  up  the  rugged 
mountain-side  to  the  Lauson  huts, 
1,891  m.,  6,204  ft-  (Ji  nr0 

[From  these  huts  about  4  hrs.  suf- 
fice to  attain  the  Mont  Politri 
(3,081  m.,  10,009  ft.),  on  the  N.,  past 
the  Lac  du  Vallon  ;  it  is  also  accessible 
in  3  hrs.  from  the  Albergian  huts,  on 
the  Fenestrelles  side  of  the  pass  of 
that  name.  J 

The  track  then  runs  W.  over  pas- 
tures to  a  curious  cairn  of  some  size, 
with  steps  formed  by  projecting 
stones  (J  hr.)  It  is  at  the  upper 
edge  of  the  fine  waterfall,  30  m. 
(q8  ft.)  high,  here  formed  by  the 
stream,  and  of  a  dreary  upland  plain 
where  the  routes  to  the  various  passes 
at  the  head  of  the  valley  diverge. 

1.  To  the  S.  is  the  Col  delF  Arcano 
(2,787  m.,  9,144  ft.),  reached  in 
2 J- 3  hrs.  from  Balsiglia,  and  leading 
in  3^  hrs.  more  to  Les  Traverses,  on 
the  Col  de  Sestrieres  road. 

2.  To  the  N.  a  well-marked  mule 


track  branches  off  soon  after  the  great 
cairn,  and  runs  N.  by  zigzags  over  a 
shoulder  (it  is  rather  longer  to  circle 
round  its  base)  to  the  Col  <T Albergian 
(2,701  m.,  8.862  ft.),  also  2J-3  hrs. 
from  Balsiglia.    It  is  guarded  by  a 
line  of  entrenchments,  and  plays  an 
important  part  in  Waldensian  history. 
The  view  hence  includes  many  of  the 
great   Dauphin  e   peaks,    while  the 
fortifications  of  Fenestrelles  are  im- 
!  mediately  at  the  spectator's  feet.  But 
\  the  panorama  is  far  more  extensive, 
;  including,  in  addition  to  the  peaks 
I  mentioned,  the  Viso  and  the  Cham- 
!  beyron   summits,    from    the  Mont 
A Ibergian  ( 3 , 040  m. ,  9, 974  ft. ) ,  which 
|  rises  on  a  spur  some  way  N.  of  the 
j   pass.    It  may  be  gained  thence  in  a 
!   good  hour  by  way  of  a  faint  track 
!  which  traverses  a  great  stone  slope, 
and  leads  past  a  cairn  on  the  S.  ridge 
of  the  peak  to  the  great  cairn  which 
crowns  the  topmost  point.   The  mule 
track   from   the   Col   descends  the 
Albergian  glen,  and  at  the  chalets 
of  that  name  bears  sharply  to  the 
N.E.,  attaining   Fenestrelles   in  2 J 
hrs.  or  less  from  the  pass. 

3.  A  traveller  bound  for  the  head 
of  the  Chisone  valley  should,  from  the 
curious  cairn,  follow  the  track  over  the 
upland  plain,  first  to  the  N.W.,  then 
nearly  due  W.,  in  order  to  gain  the 
Coi  du  Piz  (2,606  m.,  8,550  ft.), 
2§-3  hrs.  from  Balsiglia,  which  crosses 
the  ridge  at  the  very  head  of  the 
Massello  valley.  The  view  includes 
most  of  the  great  Dauphine  summits, 
such  as  the  Ecrins,  the  Meije,  the 
Pelvoux,  the  Aiguilles  d'Arves,  &c. 
This  was  the  last  pass  crossed  by  the 
Waldensians  on  their  '  Glorieuse 
Rentree  '  in  1689. 

The  path  on  the  other  side  of  the 
Col  soon  divides  ;  that  to  the  right 
leads  to  Pragelas,  and  that  to  the  left 
to  Les  Traverses,  either  being  gained 
in  1 1  hr.  or  a  little  more,  the  route 
to  Pragelas  being  stated  to  be  slightly 
the  longer  of  the  two.  About  %\  hrs. 
thus  suffice  for  the  walk  from  Perosa. 


§  6.  GENEVRE  DISTRICT 


79 


SECTION  6. 

GENEVRE  DISTRICT. 

It  was  remarked  in  the  Introduction 
to  this  Chapter  that  the  main  ridge 
of  the  Cottian  Alps,  when  looked  at 
from  the  Italian  side,  makes  a  salient 
angle,  whose  apex  is  the  Mont 
Thabor.  Of  two  of  the  main  rivers 
of  the  South-Western  Alps— the 
Durance  and  the  Dora  Riparia — the 
former  rises  on,  and  the  latter 
receives  an  important  affluent  flowing 
from,  the  flanks  of  that  mountain. 
Both  the  Durance,  which  drains  the 
W.  or  outer  side  of  the  angle,  and 
the  Dora  Riparia,  descending  from 
the  inner  or  E.  face,  divide  towards 
their  origin  into  several  streams,  the 
general  direction  of  which  is  parallel 
to  the  chain  which  separates  them. 
Thus  the  Durance,  the  main  source 
of  which  is  the  Clairee,  receives  near 
Briancon  the  Guisane,  flowing  from 
the  N.W.,  and  the  Cerveyrette, 
flowing  from  the  S.E.  By  a  nearly 
similar  arrangement  the  main  source 
of  the  Dora  Riparia,  the  Ripa,  is 
swollen  near  Cesanne  by  the  Tkurres 
torrent,  and  near  Oulx  receives  the 
considerable  stream  formed  by  the 
union  at  Bardonneche  of  the  torrents 
from  the  Vallee  Etroite  and  the 
Vallee  de  Rochemolles.  This  un- 
usual disposition  of  the  valleys, 
which,  instead  of  radiating  from  the 
main  ridge  of  the  Alpine  chain,  form 
a  series  of  trenches  parallel  to  it, 
corresponds  to  the  portion  of  that 
chain  which  has  the  lowest  mean 
elevation,  and  which,  excepting  only 
the  great  breach  indicated  by  the 
valley  of  the  Adige,  has  the  lowest 
passes  over  the  range  between  the 
Mediterranean  and  Carniola.  The 
Mont  Genevre  (1,854  m.,  6,083  ft.) 
is  the  lowest  of  the  carriage  roads 
across  the  main  chain,  and  the  Col 
des  Echelles  de  Planpinet  (1,760  m., 
5,774  ft.)  the  lowest  pass  across 
the  main  chain  of  the  Alps  (save 
the  two  great  gaps  between  the  Adige 
and   Inn   valleys),  and  would  un- 


doubtedly have  been  the  main 
channels  of  communication  between 
France  and  Italy,  if  the  valley  of  the 
Durance  were  not  divided  from  that 
of  the  Rhone  by  the  great  mass  of 
the  Dauphine  Alps. 

In  the  present  Section  we  include 
the  valleys  on  the  French  slope  of  the 
main  chain,  the  passes  from  which 
lead  to  the  road  over  the  Mont 
Genevre  at  some  point  between 
Cesanne  and  Briancon,  or,  in  other 
words,  the  French  valleys  lying  N. 
and  S.  of  that  pass.  These  all  touch 
the  main  chain,  and  it  is  convenient 
to  take  in  also  the  Vallee  Etroite,  on 
the  Italian  slope.  Roughly  speaking, 
the  Queyras  on  the  S.,  the  Mont 
Thabor  on  the  N.,  the  Col  du 
Galibier  on  the  W. ,  and  the  Col  de 
la  Vallee  Etroite  on  the  E.  mark  the 
boundaries  of  the  district  described 
in  this  Section. 

The  loftiest  peaks  in  it  are  Roche- 
brune  (3,324  m.,  10,906  ft.)  and  the 
BricFroid  (3,310  m. ,  10,860  ft. ),  both 
S.  of  the  Mont  Genevre  Pass,  and  the 
Roche  du  Grand  Galibier  {3,242  m., 
10,637  ft.),  and  the  Mont  Thabor 
(3,182  m.,  10,440  ft.),  with  the  Pic 
du  Thabor  (3,205  m.,  10,516  ft.), 
N.  of  that  pass. 

Besides  the  guide-book  by  Signori 
Martelli  and  Vaccarone,  and  that 
in  the  '  Guides  Miriam  '  series,  both 
mentioned  in  the  Introduction 
to  this  Chapter,  Joanne's  large 
'Savoie'  (1895)  and  M.  Henri 
Ferrand's  '  La  Frontiere  Franco- 
Italienne '  (Grenoble,  1894)  should 
be  specially  consulted  for  the  N. 
portion  of  this  district.  It  should  al- 
ways be  remembered  that,  as  Briancon 
is  one  of  the  most  strongly  fortified 
towns  in  France,  while  the  Mont 
Genevre,  owing  to  its  immense 
strategical  importance  as  the  key  to 
Turin,  has  recently  been  protected  by 
considerable  military  works  by  the 
Italians,  the  traveller  should  be  very 
careful  as  to  making  sketches  or  notes, 
or  taking  photographs,  in  these 
regions,  as  the  4  spy  mania '  is  very 
prevalent  on  both  sides  of  the  frontier. 


8o  COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  6.  GENEVRE  DISTRICT 


Route  A. 

OULX  TO  BRIANCON  BY   THE  MONT 
GENEVRE. 

M. 

Cezanne  ...  5 
Clavieres  ...  9 
Mont  Genevre  .  .10 
La  Vachette  .  15 
Briancon  .  .  .17 
Diligences  daily  in  about  5  hrs. 

Oulx  is  a  station  on  the  Mont 
Cenis  Railway  (§  7.  Rte.  A),  7  m. 
below  Bardonneche,  and46f  m.  above 
Turin.  It  is  a  large  village  situated 
at  the  junction  of  the  Bardo7ineche 
torrent  with  the  Dora  Riparia,  and 
owes  its  historical  and  military  im- 
portance to  this  fact,  for  it  thus  com- 
mands the  roads  over  the  Mont 
Genevre  and  the  Col  de  Sestrieres, 
as  well  as  the  Frejus  Tunnel,  and  the 
numerous  easy  passes  across  the  main 
range  in  its  neighbourhood,  while 
even  easier  and  shorter  passes  lead 
over  to  the  head  of  the  valley  of  the 
Chisone  (§  5.  Rte.  B).  It  has  been 
identified  with  the  Ocelum  of  the 
ancients,  and  was  for  many  centuries 
the  seat  of  a  powerful  and  wealthy 
Benedictine  abbey. 

The  high  road  from  Oulx  towards 
the  Mont  Genevre  mounts  gently 
along  the  right  bank  of  the  Dora 
Riparia,  at  first  through  fertile 
meadows,  then  through  a  rocky 
gorge,  on  issuing  from  which  the 
hamlet  of  Fenils  is  seen  amidst 
splendid  trees,  and  at  the  entrance  of 
a  deep  ravine.  This  part  of  the 
valley  is  very  interesting  to  a  botanist. 
Astragalus  austriacus,  Prunus  bri- 
gantiaca,  Centrantkus  angustifolius, 
and  other  very  rare  species  are  found 
in  the  valley,  and  the  Alpfne  ranges 
on  either  side  are  not  less  rich.  The 
Dora  is  crossed  as  the  road  enters 

Cesanne  (1,359  m.,  4,459  ft.),  a 
village  at  the  junction  of  the  road 
from  the  Col  de  Sestrieres  (§  5. 
Rte.  B),  and  of  the  paths  over  several 
passes  from  Perosa  by  the  Prali  and 
Rodoretto  valleys  (§  5.  Rtes.  D  and 


E),  from  Abries  (Rte.  B.  below),  and 
from  Cervieres  (Rte.  C.  I.  below). 
It  is  pleasantly  situated,  and  is 
coming  into  fashion  as  a  summer 
resort  for  Italian  families  flying  from 
the  heat  in  the  plains.  Signor 
Piolti's  monograph  on  this  village 
and  its  neighbourhood  in  the  1  Bollett- 
ino '  of  the  Italian  Alpine  Club  for 
1886  should  be  consulted  by  any 
traveller  meditating  a  stay  here. 

The  high  road  from  Cesanne  to  the 
Mont  Genevre  soon  crosses  the 
stream  of  the  Piccola  Dora,  and 
mounts  by  two  great  zigzags  along 
the  slopes  of  loose  debris  that  cover 
the  S.  flank  of  the  Mont  Chaberton. 
(Pedestrians  can  take  the  old  mule 
path  which  leaves  the  road  as  this 
crosses  the  stream,  and  mounts 
through  a  gorge  to  Clavieres,  this 
gorge  being,  perhaps,  that  traversed  by 
Hannibal  and  his  army.)  In  this 
way  the  E.  end  of  the  undulating 
plateau  which  forms  the  pass  is  gained 
at  the  Italian  hamlet  of  Clavieres 
(1,768  m.,  5,801  ft.) 

[For  the  Col  de  Gimont  to 
Cervieres,  see  Rte.  C.  I.  below.  J 

Some  drawbridges  and  an  Italian 
fort  are  passed  on  the  way.  The 
road  mounts  very  gradually  and 
crosses   the  frontier  before  reaching 

,  the  summit  of  the  pass  (1,854  m. , 
6,083  ft*)>  marked  by  an  obelisk 
commemorating   the   completion  of 

\  the  road  in  1807.  Just  beyond  is  the 
first  French  village,  Botirg  Moyit 
Genevre  ( 1,860 m.,  6,103  ft.),  with  an 
ancient  Hospice. 

The  mere  fact  that  two  permanently 
inhabited  villages  exist  on  the  wide 
plateau  which  forms  the  pass  will 
strike  the  traveller,  and  make  him 
realise  the  special  importance  of  the 
Mont  Genevre.  Not  merely  does  it 
cross  the  main  range  from  E.  to  W. , 
unlike  most  of  the  other  great  Alpine 
passes,  but  the  plateau  has  a  southern 
exposure,  while  the  pass  is  veiy  short, 
the  only  obstacle  being  the  gorge  on 
the  Italian  side.  Hence  one  is  not 
surprised  to  find  that  it  has  been 

!  known  for  many  cjnturies3  bearing 


ROUTE  A.    OULX  TO  BRIANCON  BY  THE  MONT  GENEVRE  81 


the  name  of  Mons  Matrona  in  Roman 
times,  and  later  of  Mons  Janus  and 
Mons  Geminus,  whence  no  doubt  the 
present  name  is  derived.  In  the 
opinion  of  many  scholars  (such  as 
Gibbon,  Desjardins,  and  Fuchs)  as  well 
as  of  Dante  it  is  the  pass  which  best 
fulfils  the  requirements  laid  down  by 
the  historians  who  describe  the 
passage  of  Hannibal,  while  in  more 
modern  times  it  has  been  frequently 
traversed  by  armies,  as  in  1494, 
1629,  1747,  1814,  and  1859. 

£N.E.  of  the  pass  rises  the  solitary 
and  conspicuous  cone  of  the  Mont 
Chaberton  (3,135  m.,  10,286  ft.), 
which  commands  a  very  extensive 
view,  and  is  easy  of  access,  though  it 
is  stated  that  the  Italian  military 
authorities  now  forbid  travellers 
(probably  those  coming  from  the 
French  side)  to  make  the  ascent,  as  it 
is  wholly  in  Italian  territory,  and 
commands  a  view  of  the  new  fortifi- 
cations. The  Col  de  Chabert07i 
(2,670  m.,  8,760  ft.),  to  its  N.W., 
connects  the  Baisses  (or  Ruzsseau  Sec) 
glen  with  that  of  Fenils.  Through 
the  former  glen  (reached  from  France 
by  mounting  a  side  glen  to  the  Col 
de  fAlpette)  the  Col  may  be  reached 
in  2-3  hrs.  from  Bourg  Mont  Genevre, 
or  Clavieres,  while  through  the  latter 
it  is  attained  in  3^  hrs.  from  Fenils, 
near  the  road  between  Oulx  and 
Cesanne.  From  the  Col  it  is  a  short 
hour  to  the  great  cairn  on  the  sum- 
mit. On  the  Col  the  botanist  will  be 
glad  to  find  the  rare  Berardia  sub- 
acaulis. 

By  keeping  high  up  on  the  pastures 
on  the  right  side  of  the  Baisses  glen, 
and  traversing  stone  slopes,  it  is 
possible  to  reach  in  2|  hrs.  from 
Bourg  Mont  Genevre  —  almost 
entirely  through  Italian  territory — 
the  Col  des  T}-ois  Freres  Mineurs 
(2,586  m.,  8,485  ft.),  on  the  frontier. 
It  takes  its  odd  name  from  several 
towers  of  rock  on  the  ridge,  the 
largest  of  which  is  marked  by  the 
arms  of  France  and  Savoy,  with  the 
date  1823.  The  Col  can,  of  course, 
be  easily  gained  by  any  one  descending 
I. 


from  the  Chaberton  itself.  On  the 
French  side  great  boulders,  pastures, 
and  forests  lead  down  in  about  an 
hour  to  the  green  hollow  in  which 
nestle  the  chalets  of  Acles,  whence 
f  hr.  more  by  a  path  high  above  the 
right  bank  of  the  Acles  torrent  suffice 
to  descend  to  the  village  of  Planpinet, 
in  the  Clair ee  valley  (see  Rte.  D). 
A  gentle  ascent  due  S.  of  Bourg 
Mont  Genevre,  over  pastures  and  past 
one  of  the  sources  of  the  Durance, 
leads  in  1 J  hr.  to  the  low  and  easy 
Col  die  Gondran,  whence  a  steep 
descent  down  curious  reddish  burnt 
rocks,  a  small  tarn,  and  some  chalets 
gives  access  in  ij  hr.  more  to 
J   Cervieres,  see  Rte.  C.J 

The  descent  from  Bourg  Mont 
Genevre  is  made  by  six  long  and 
well-engineered  zigzags  through  a 
forest,  fine  glimpses  beirg  gained 
from  time  to  time  of  Brianccn  and 
the  remarkable  series  of  forts  which 
girdle  it.  The  base  of  the  descent 
is  reached  at  Les  Alberts,  and  a  little 
beyond  is  the  hamlet  of  La  Vachette, 
at  the  entrance  of  the  Clairee  valley 
(Rte.  D).  (Pedestrians  may  cut  ofr 
j  the  zigzags,  and  rejoin  the  road  at 
La  Vachette. )  2  m.  further  by  a  road 
partly  cut  into  the  rocky  mountain- 
side high  above  the  right  bank  of  the 
stream  is 

Brianeon  (1,321  m.,  4,334  ft.),  a 
\  small  though  very  ancient  town,  and 
|  a  fortress  of  the  first  class.  The  old 
i  town  is  confined  within  the  fortifica- 
tions, fenced  by  walls,  and  is  very 
picturesque  within  and  without.  It 
is  built  on  a  high  plateau  at  the 
meeting  of  the  Clairee  and  the 
Guisane,  which  here  unite  to  form 
the  Durance.  To  the  S.W.  in  the 
plain  is  the  suburb  of  Ste.  Catherine, 
with  silk  carding  factories  and  the 
railway  station.  There  is  nothing  in 
the  town  to  attract  a  stranger,  its 
principal  feature  being  the  magnificent 
series  of  fortifications  which  surround 
it,  and  thus  command  the  Lautare 
and  Genevre  roads,  as  well  as  the 
Clairee  and  Durance  valleys.  The 
chief  forts  are  on  the  slopes  E  of 

G  . 


82  COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  6.  GENEVRE  DISTRICT 


the  town.  The  highest,  that  of 
Infernet)  is  constructed  on  a  point 
2,380  m.  (7,809  ft.)  in  height,  or 
over  1,000  m.  (3,281  ft. )  above  the 
town. 

Briancon  is  the  centre  of  a  con- 
siderable passenger  traffic.  Besides 
the  Mont  Genevre,  leading  into  Pied- 
mont, there  is  the  road  over  the  Col 
du  Lautaret  (§  8.  Rte.  A),  leading  by 
Bourg  d'Oisans  to  Grenoble,  or  from 
the  Col  itself  by  the  Col  du  Galibier 
(§  8.  Rte.  B)  to  St.  Michel,  in  the 
Maurienne  valley  (§  7.  Rte.  A),  while 
the  railway  to  Grenoble  by  Gap  (§  9. 
Rte.  Q)  runs  from  Briancon  at  first 
down  the  Durance  valley.  The 
intercourse  with  Savoy  is  carried  on 
mainly  by  the  Mont  Genevre  and  the 
Frejus  Tunnel,  though  travellers  will 
prefer  the  Galibier,  and  mountaineers 
the  various  routes  through  the  Clairee 
valley  described  in  Rte.  D.  below. 
The  direct  passes  from  Briancon  to 
the  Queyras  valley  are  noticed  in 
Rte.  C.  below,  and  the  quaint  pass 
of  the  Col  des  Echelles  to  Bardon- 
neche  in  Rte.  E.  The  lofty  moun- 
tains of  the  Pelvoux  group  W.  of 
Briancon  are  included  in  §  9. 

The  neighbourhood  of  Briancon 
abounds  in  rare  plants.  Amongst 
them  may  be  mentioned  Astragalus 
austj'iacus  and  A.  vesicarius,  Oxy- 
tropis  Halleri,  Prunus  brigantiaca, 
Telephiu7?i  Imperati,  Brassica  re- 
panda,  Berardia  subacaulis ',  Rhapon- 
ticum  heleniifolium,  Crepis  pygmcea, 
Androsace  septentrionalis,  and  Bulbo- 
codium  vewmm. 


Route  B. 

ABRIES  TO  CESANNE. 

The  villages  of  Abries  (§  4.  Rte.  B) 
and  of  Cesanne  (§  6.  Rte.  A),  on  the 
French  and  Italian  side  respectively 
of  the  main  ridge  of  the  Cottians, 
stand  alike  at  the  meeting  point  of 
many  valleys,  so  that  it  is  in  the 


fitness  of  things  that  at  least  two 
passes  should  lead  from  one  to  the 
other.  These  start  from  the  head  of 
the  same  valley  near  Abries,  but  on 
the  other  side  descend  through  two 
parallel  glens,  which  meet  at  Bousson, 
near  Cesanne. 

1.  By  the  Col  la  May t.— Mule 
path.  At  the  upper  end  of  the  village 
of  Abries  a  bridge  is  crossed  to  the 
right  bank  of  the  Valpreveyre  stream, 
which  is  followed  for  f  hr.  till  it  re- 
crosses  to  the  chapel  of  St.  Barthelemi, 
on  the  other  bank,  at  the  entrance  to 
the  Valpreveyre  (§  5.  Rte.  A.  a).  A 
zigzag  path  leads  up  to  the  hamlet  of 
Le  Roux,  at  which,  avoiding  the 
higher  path,  which  winds  round  to  the 
Col  d'Abries  (§  5.  Rte.  D),  a  lower 
path  must  be  followed  up  the  Colon 
glen  to  the  chalets  of  La  Montette^  at 
the  entrance  of  the  Gayet  glen  (f  hr. ) 
Thence  the  mule  path  leads  in  a 
slightly  N.E.  direction  over  pastures, 
stones,  and  snow  to  the  pass, 
2,700  m.,  8,859  ft.  (if  hr.,  or  3 J  hrs. 
from  Abries. )  Abries  is  visible  from 
the  pass,  which  is  marked  by  one  of 
the  usual  boundary  stones,  bearing  the 
French  and  Savoyard  arms. 

On  the  Italian  side  a  track  leads 
down  along  the  left  bank  of  the 
torrent,  and  gradually  bears  round  to 
the  N.W.,  joining  that  from  the  Col 
de  Rodoretto  (§  5.  Rte.  E)  before 
entering  the  hamlet  of  Argentiera 
(1,897  m.,  6,224  ft.)  The  path 
follows  the  same  bank  of  the  Ripa 
(the  main  source  of  the  Dora  Riparia) 
till  it  crosses  near  the  village  of 
Sauze  de  Cesanne,  at  the  foot  of  the 
Col  de  Sestrieres,  whence  a  char  road 
leads  past  Bousson,  at  the  entrance 
of  the  Thurres  glen,  to  Cesanne, 
which  is  reached  in  about  4  hrs.  from 
the  Col.  This  pass  is  more  round- 
about, and  less  interesting,  but  easier, 
than  the  Col  de  Thurres. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  Thurres. — Mule 
path.  The  route  is  identical  with 
that  described  above  as  far  as  La 
Montette  (ij  hr.)  The  bridge  is 
then  crossed,  and  the  fine  pastures  of 
the  Val  Fourane  mounted  in  a  N.  W. 


ROUTE  C.    ABRIES  TO  BRIANCON 


S3 


direction  to  the  stony  ridge  of  the 
Col,  2,810  m.,  9,220  ft.  (if-2hrs., 
or  3J-3I  hrs.  from  Abries.) 

[The  view  from  the  Col  is  very  fine, 
but  is  excelled  by  that  from  the  Brie 
JTroid.  If  merely  crossing  the  pass, 
it  is  well  to  make  for  this  ridge  at  a 
point  somewhat  to  the  S.W.  But  if 
bound  for  the  Brie  Froid,  3,310  m., 
10,860  ft.  (called  Punta  Ramiere  on 
the  Italian  map),  it  is  best  to  bear 
rather  more  to  the  N.  by  stony 
slopes  to  a  lonely  hollow  whence  the 
ridge  is  struck  much  nearer  the  peak. 
Thence  it  takes  about  J  hr.  walking 
over  easy  stones  to  gain  the  cairn  on 
the  summit  (3 \  hrs.  from  Abries 
direct,  or  \  hr.  extra  if  the  round  be 
made  by  the  true  Col).  The  peak 
may  also  be  climbed  direct  from  the 
Thurres  glen  on  the  W.,  and  also 
from  the  Ripa  glen  by  gaining  the 
N.W.  ridge  close  to  the  summit.  In 
the  experience  of  the  present  writer  ( W. 
A.  B.  C.)  there  is,  perhaps,  no  other 
minor  peak  in  the  Alps,  so  very 
easy  of  access,  which  commands  so 
extensive  and  magnificent  a  panorama. 
Without  any  exaggeration  it  may  be 
said  to  include  the  whole  of  the 
Western  and  Central  Alps  from  the 
Mont  Clapier,  in  the  Maritimes, 
through  the  Viso  and  Chambeyron 
groups,  the  great  Dauphine  peaks, 
the  principal  summits  of  the  Graians, 
and  the  chain  of  Mont  Blanc  to 
Monte  Rosa,  and  even  ranges  far 
beyond  it.  Several  villages  in  the 
Ripa  glen,  and  towards  the  Col  de 
Sestrieres,  are  also  visible.  No  one 
making  the  stay  of  even  a  day  at 
Abries  should,  if  the  weather  be  fine, 
neglect  to  make  this  ascent,  which 
can  be  accomplished  thence  in  5  hrs. 
up  and  down  by  a  good  walker.  J 

The  descent  on  the  Italian  side  of 
the  Col  is  straightforward,  and  the 
Thttrres  (Turras)  huts  ( 1,955  m*j 
6,414  ft.)  are  attained  in  ij  hr. 

[Hence,  or  rather  from  the  first 
bridge  above,  the  two  loftiest  points 
in  the  rocky  range  separating  the 
Thurres  and  Ripa  glens,  the  Roc  del 
Boucher  (3,285  m.,  10,778  ft.),  and 


the  Punta  Ciataguiera  (3.258  m., 
10,689  ft.),  can  be  climbed  in  about 
4  hrs.jf 

About  an  hour  lower,  after  having 
passed  a  fine  waterfall  in  the  gorge  on 
the  left,  and  the  prettily  situated 
hamlet  of  Ruilles,  is  the  village  of 
Thurres ',  the  path  running  high  above 
the  right  bank  of  the  torrent.  In 
\  hr.  more  Bousson,  at  the  junction  of 
the  Thurres  glen  with  that  of  the 
Ripa,  is  reached,  and  thence  a  char 
road  leads  in  §  hr.  to  Cesanne,  which 
is  thus  3f  hrs.  from  the  Col,  or  7~7|- 
hrs.  from  Abries,  so  that  there  is 
plenty  of  time  to  take  the  Brie  Froid 
on  the  way. 


Route  C. 

ABRIES  OR    CHATEAU    QUEYRAS  TO 
BRIANCON. 

The  shortest  and  most  convenient 
way  from  the  Queyras  valley  to 
Briancon  is,  of  course,  the  carriage 
road  to  Guillestre  ( §  4.  Rte,  B),.  and 
thence  the  railway  to  Briancon  §  9. 
Rte.  Q).  But  there  are  at  least  two 
easy  mountain  passes,  the  routes  from 
which  meet  at  Cervieres,  6  m.  by  road 
above  Briancon,  and  which  have  the 
advantage  that  they  may  easily  be 
combined  with  the  ascent  of  the  two 
highest  summits  between  the  Queyras 
valley  and  Briancon. 

1.  By  the  Col  de  Malrif.— Easy 
foot  path.  The  Malrif  ravine  joins 
the  Guil  valley  a  little  below  Abries, 
but  the  huts  of  that  name  may  be 
gained  direct  from  that  village  by 
mounting  past  the  'Calvary,'  and 
then  rounding  a  corner  by  a  path 
high  above  the  gorge.  The  path 
continues  high  above  the  stream, 
gradually  bearing  to  the  N.W.  till,  in 
a  little  plain  below  the  last  ascent, 
there  is  a  bridge  across  the  torrent. 
The  final  ascent  is  steep,  though  in  no 
way  difficult,  and  the  pass  (c.  2,800  m., 
G  2 


84  COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  6.  GENEVRE  DISTRICT 


9,187  ft.)  is  attained  in  3!  hrs.  from 
Abries.  (It  is  also  possible  to  bear  far  to 
the  W.  before  reaching  the  bridge  at  the 
head  of  the  Malrif  ravine,  and  pass  by 
a  cross  and  a  considerable  lake  before 
gaining  the  ridge  much  nearer  Roche- 
brune  than  the   proper  Col.)  The 
view  from  the  pass  includes  the  Viso, 
Chambeyron,  and  Dauphine  peaks. 
But  it  can  be  very  much  extended  by 
walking  along  the  ridge  to  the  N.E. 
in  a  short  hour  to  the  cairn  on  the 
Grand  Glayza,  3,286  m.,  10,781  ft. 
(called  Punta  Merciantairo,  on  the 
Italian  map. )  This  peak  may  also  be 
gained  from  the  Col  des  Terres  Rouges, 
on  the  N.W.,  the  best  route  for  those 
who  wish  to  make  the  ascent  from 
Cesanne  direct.    The  view  extends 
from  the  Maritimes  to  the  Tarentaise, 
Cesanne,  as  well  as  Ristolas  and  La 
Chalp,  in  the  upper  Guil  valley,  being 
seer.    If  this  summit  be  combined 
with  the  pass  it  is  not  necessary  to  go 
back  to  the  Col  before  striking  down 
to  the  Cerveyrette  valley.  The  descent 
from  that  point  or  the  Col  is  less 
steep  than  the  ascent  on  the  other 
side,  and  i\  hr.  suffices  to  reach  the 
chalets   of  Les   Fonds   (2,060  m., 
6,759  it.),  at  the  junction  of  the  mule 
rack  from  Chateau  Queyras  by  the 
Col  de  Peas,   2,645    m->   8,678  ft. 
(3  hrs.  from  one  spot  to  the  other.) 
The  way  then  lies  down  the  pretty 
pasture  valley  of  the  Cerveyrette,  a 
char  road  commencing  at  Les  Chalps, 
20  min.  from  Les  Fonds.    Near  Le 
B  our  get  a  great  marshy  plain  com- 
mences, above  which,  on  terraces  to 
the  N.,  are  groups  of  chalets.  At 
one  of  these,  Lachau,  just  where  the 
valley  bends  from  N.W.  to  W.,  the 
mule  tracks  from  the  Col  de  Bousson, 
2,130  m.,  6,989  ft.  (from  Cesanne), 
and  the   Col  de  Gimont,  2,402  m., 
7,881  ft.  (from  Clavieres,  on  the  Mont 
Genevre    plateau) — both  requiring 
about  7  hrs.   to   Briancon — fall  in. 
From  the  W.  end  of  the  plain  some 
zigzags  down  debris  slopes  lead  in 
£hr.  to  Cetvieres  (see  under  2),  which 
may  be  reached  in  3-3!  hrs.  from  the 
Col,  or  6J-7  hrs.  from  Abries. 


I  2.  By  the  Col  d'Izouard. — Char 
j  road  all  the  way.  The  scenery 
I  through  which  this  convenient  new 
road  runs  is  wild  and  singular  rather 
than  grand,  but  the  region  traversed 
is  in  many  ways  interesting,  especi- 
ally to  a  naturalist.  The  name  is 
sometimes  spelt  Hyzoar,  or  Lsoar. 

About  I  m.  below  Chdteati  Queyras 
(§  4.  Rte.  B),  in  the  Guil  valley,  the 
char  road  up  the  Riviere  or  Arvieux 
glen   quits   the   high  road  in  that 
\   valley,  and  mounts  N.W.  through  a 
I   narrow  gorge  to  the  chief  hamlet, 
!   Arvieux  (1^  hr.  walk,  or  4  m.), 
where  many  old   traditional  usages 
are  still  preserved.    La  Chalp,  the 
:   residence  of  the  devoted  pastor,  Felix 
;   Neff  (see  §  9.   Rte.  L),  is  passed 
(1  m.)  before  the  last  village  (Jm.), 
Brunissard  (1,785  m.,  5,857  ft.),  is 
attained  (1  hr.) 

[Hence  the  Col  des  Ayes  (c.  2,500 
m.,  8,202  ft.)  leads  in  about  6  hrs. 
from  Chateau  Queyras  direct  to 
Briancon.  J 

Leaving  on  the  left  the  N.W.  fork 
of  the  valley,  up  which  lies  the  way 
to  the  Col  des  Ayes,  the  new  military 
road  mounts  by  many  zigzags  nearly 
due  N.  to  the  Col  d'Izouard,  2,388  m., 
7,835  ft.  (3 J  hrs.  on  foot  from 
Chateau  Queyras).  4  The  last  part 
of  the  ascent  is  exceedingly  wild  and 
curious,  the  road  winding  through 
vast  masses  of  perfectly  bare  rock  of 
bright  red  and  reddish-yellow  sand- 
stone, now  worn  down  into  im- 
mense screes,  now  varied  by 
immense  blocks  of  fantastic  shapes, 
chiefly  needles,  but  often  the  most 
grotesque  and  irregular  pillars.  The 
scene  was  perfectly  solitary  and  silent, 
and  very  weird  and  striking  '  (E.  L. ) 
The  view  includes  a  portion  of  the 
snowy  peaks  of  Dauphine,  as  well  as 
of  the  distant  peaks  between  Ceillac 
and  Malj asset.  A  short  way  down 
the  other  side  is  a  6  Refuge  Napoleon,' 
or  small  mountain  inn. 

[This  is  the  best  starting  point  for 
the  ascent  of  Rochebrune  (3,324  m., 
10,906  ft.),  the  highest  peak  in  this 
region,    and  most    conspicuous  on 


ROUTE  D.    BRIANCON  TO  ST.  MICHEL 


85 


the  descent  from  the  Col  du  Lautaret 
to  Briancon,  whence  it  is  sometimes, 
indeed,  mistaken  for  the  Viso  itself. 
There  is  a  Club  hut  nearer  the  peak, 
but  good  walkers  will  not  need  to 
use  it.  From  the  Refuge  the  Col 
Perdu i  on  the  E.,  is  crossed  to  the 
great  slope  of  stones  called  the  Casse 
des  Oules,  by  which  the  S.W.  foot  of 
the  peak  is  gained  in  2  hrs.  from  the 
Refuge.  Thence  a  scramble  up  a 
gully  filled  with  loose  stones  gives 
access  to  the  gap  between  the  two 
summits,  the  wooden  cross  on  that  to 
the  left,  or  E.,  being  gained  by  some 
steep  rocks  in  about  I J  hr.  from  the 
foot.  The  view  is  extensive,  but 
presents  no  special  feature,  unless  it 
be  Monetier  with  a  long  stretch  of 
the  Lautaret  road.  The  ascent  is 
perfectly  easy,  but  stony  and 
fatiguing.  3 

The  descent  from  the  Col  dTzouard 
on  the  N.  side  is  far  less  barren  than 
that  on  the  other  side,  the  road 
descending  over  fine  pastures  past 
the  hamlet  of  Le  Laus  in  a  due  N. 
direction  to  Cervieres ,  i,7°°  m-? 
5,578  ft.  (l|  hr.'s  walk). 

This  village  is  in  a  little  plain  at 
the  meeting  of  the  Izouard  glen  with 
the  main  Cerveyrette  valley  (see 
above),  while  due  N.  is  the  Col  du 
Gondran  (Rte.  A),  by  which  Bourg 
Mont  Genevre  can  be  reached  in 
under  3  hrs. 

The  valley  of  the  Cei"ueyreite  runs 
nearly  due  W.,  and  the  road  is  cut  in 
the  rock  high  above  the  right  bank  of 
the  stream.  The  rocky  slopes  preserve 
throughout  the  same  arid  character, 
though  there  is  abundance  of  water 
in  running  streams,  some  of  which 
form  pretty  waterfalls  close  to  the 
road.  On  issuing  from  the  narrow 
gorge  the  road  winds  under  the  great 
forts  down  to  the  suburb  of  Ste. 
Catherine,  just  below  Briancon,  6  m. 
from  Cervieres. 


Route  D. 

j    BRIANCON  TO   ST.    MICHEL  BY  THE 
CLAIRES  VALLEY. 

It  is  often  said  (and  the  French 
Government  maps  sanction  this  idea) 
that  the  true  sources  of  the  Durance 
[  are  on  the  Mont  Genevre,  but  from  a 
I  scientific  view  the  Clairee,  as  the 
longest  of  the  streams  which  unite  to 
make  up  that  river,  has  superior 
claims,  and  the  true  sources  of 
the  Durance  are  the  lakes  on  the 
E.  side  of  the  Col  des  Rochilles,  at 
the  N.W.  corner  of  that  valley.  The 
Clairee  joins  the  Guisane  and  the 
Mont  Genevre  streams  at  Briancon, 
after  having  watered  the  very  con- 
siderable valley  of  Nevache — one  of 
the  freshest  and  prettiest  in  the 
Brianconnais — which  is  the  subject  of 
the  present  Rte. 

There  is  a  char  road  from  La 
Vacketfe,  2  rn.  from  Briancon  on  the 
Mont  Genevre  road  (Rte.  A),  to 
Nevache  (12  m.  from  Briancon). 
From  La  Vachette  the  char  road 
mounts  gently  along  the  right  bank 
of  the  Clairee  to  the  village  of  Val 
des  Pres  (5  m.  from  Briancon),  where 
it  crosses  to  the  left  bank,  along  which 
it  runs,  always  in  a  N.  direction,  to 
the  hamlet  of  Planpinet  (1,496  m., 
4,908  ft.),  which  is  but  175  m. 
(574  ft. )  above  Briancon.  The  valley 
bed  is  stony,  but  is  lighted  up  by 
I  fields,  pastures,  and  forests  on  all 
sides. 

£For  the  Col  des  Echelles  de 
Planpinet  hence  to  Bardonneche  see 
next  Rte. ,  and  for  the  Col  des  Trois 
Freres  Mineurs  to  Bourg  Mont 
Genevre  see  Rte.  A.  above.] 

Near  the  point,  a  little  above  Plan- 
pinet, where  the  route  to  the  Col  des 
Echelles  mounts  to  the  N.,  the 
Clairee  valley  bends  to  the  W. ,  and 
soon  the  very  prettily  situated  village 
of  N6vache  (1,641  m.,  5,384  ft.)  is 
reached.  It  is  made  up  of  many 
hamlets,  the  principal  of  which  is  the 
Ville  Haute.  Its  church,  which  dates 
from  the  end  of  the  fifteenth  century, 


86  COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.  § 


6.  GENEVRE  DISTRICT 


is  worth  a  visit.  The  S.  slope  of 
the  valley  is  clothed  with  splendid 
forests. 

[Many  passes  start  from  Nevache. 
For  the  Cols  de  Buffere  and.  de 
Cristol  to  Monetier  see  §  8.  Rte.  A. 
On  the  N.  the  Col  des  Tkures 
(2,283  m->  7 » 49°  ft-)  and  the  Col  de 
PEtrott  du  Vallon  (2, 504  m. ,  8, 2 1 6  ft. ) 
lead  over  in  about  3  hrs.  to  the 
highest  chalets  in  the  Vallee  Etroite, 
where  the  night  is  often  spent  before 
the  ascent  of  the  Mont  Thabor  (see 
next  Rte. ),  and  which  are  on  the  way 
over  the  Col  de  la  Vallee  Etroite 
from  Modane  to  Bardonneche  (§  7. 
Rte.  C.  i),] 

Beyond  Nevache  the  mule  track 
mounts  first  along  the  left  side,  then 
along  the  right  side,  of  the  valley, 
which  gradually  turns  towards  the 
N.W.  It  is  very  smiling  and  pretty, 
with  many  groups  of  chalets,  but  the 
path  is  rather  stony,  and  inclined  to 
meander,  though  well  marked.  On 
the  way  the  opening  of  the  Qiieyrellin 
glen  on  the  W.  is  passed  :  through 
it  4  hrs.  or  so  suffice  to  go  from 
Nevache  by  the  Col  du  Chardonnet 
(2,600  m.,  8,531  ft.),  well  known  to 
botanists,  to  Le  Lauzet,  on  the 
Lautaret  road  (§  8.  Rte.  A).  In 
about  2  hrs.  from  Nevache  the  highest 
group  of  chalets,  those  of  Laval 
(2,028  m.,  6,654  ft.),  are  reached. 
The  path  continues  along  the  left 
bank  of  the  Clairee  to  the  head  of  the 
valley,  which  forms  a  great  stony 
hollow  (|  hr.)  On  the  N.E.  the 
Col  de  Laval  leads  over  towards  the 
Mont  Thabor  (see  next  Rte.), 
while  to  the  N.  the  Col  de  la  Made- 
leine gives  access  to  the  Valmeinier 
glen  (see  next  Rte.),  and  so  to  St. 
Michel  in  8  hrs.  from  Nevache. 

More  interesting  to  mountaineers  are 
the  two  following  passes  in  the  N.W. 
corner  of  the  glen,  both  leading  to 
Valloire,  on  the  Col  du  Galibier  route 
(§  8.  Rte.  B),  and  so  to  St.  Michel. 

1.  By  the  Gol  de  P Aiguille  Noire. 
— This  pass  crosses  the  ridge  at  the 
N.W.  corner  of  the  valley,  and  may 
be  gained  from  the  great  hollow  in 


1  about  an  hour  (3!  hrs.  from  Nevache) 
J  by  way  of  a  steep  stony  slope.  It  is 
I  just  E.  of  the  double -peaked  Aiguille 
Noire  (2,892  m.,  9,489  ft.),  a  rocky 
summit  which  makes  a  great  show, 
especially  from  the  N.  It  is,  however, 
easily  accessible  from  the  Col  in  a  long 
hour  by  way  of  the  E.  and  S.E.  ridges, 
and  a  short  gully  on  the  N.E.  face, 
leading  to  the  gap  between  a  minor 
pinnacle  to  the  S.  and  the  true  top, 
which  is  reached  by  the  S.  ridge.  N. 
of  the  latter,  but  distinctly  lower,  is 
the  great  rock  tower  which  seems  the 
summit  when  looking  from  the  N. 

The  descent  from  the  Col  lies  over 
stones  to  the  pastures  at  the  head  of 
the  Plagnetta  glen,  the  path  on  the 
right  side  of  which  is  followed  past 
many  chalets  till  at  those  of  Le  Desert 
it  crosses,  in  order  to  wind  down 
through  a  forest  to  the  hamlet  of 
Tigny,  just  above  Valloire,  which  is 
reached  in  2 J  hrs.  or  less  from  the 
pass,  or  6  hrs.  from  Nevache.  Val- 
loire is  10  m.  by  road  (2%  hrs. — §  8. 
Rte.  B)  above  St.  Michel. 

2.  By  the  Col  des  Rocliilles.— The 
track  to  this  Col  bears  gradually  WT. 
from  the  great  hollow  at  the  head  of 
the  Clairee  valley,  and  mounts  steeply 
past  the  Lac  de  la  Clairee  and  over  an 
old  moraine  to  the  Lacs  Rond  and 
du  Gros  Ban,  just  W.  of  which  is. 
the  grassy  ridge  of  the  Col  des 
Rochilles  {not  E. ,  as  shown  on  the 
French  Government  map),  2,451  m., 
8,042  ft.,  2 J  hrs.  from  the  great 
hollow,  or  4J  hrs.  from  Nevache. 

[Just  N.  of  these  two  lakes  is  the  Col 
de  la  Plagnetta  (2,728  m.,  8,951  ft.), 
accessible  in  10  min.  by  a  sheep  path, 
and  leading  in  about  2\- 3  hrs. 
more  through  the  Plagnetta  glen  to 
Valloire. 

Just  S.  of  the  two  lakes  is  the  Col 
des  Cerces  (§  hr. ) — E.  of  the  figures 
2,887  m«  on  tne  French  map — 
whence  another  half-hour  leads  down 
to  the  fair-sized  Cerces  lake  (c.  2,350m., 
7,710  ft.)  To  the  E.  and  S.E.  of  this 
tarn  there  is  a  very  little  known 
group,  badly  figured  on  the  French 
map,  so  that  an  intending  explorer 


ROUTE  E.    BRIANCON  TO  BARDONNECHE 


S7 


should  study  Mr.  Coolidge's  map  and 
article  in  the  17th  volume  (1891)  of 
the  '  Annuaire  de  la  Societe  des 
Touristes  du  Dauphine.'  The  first 
point,  the  Come  des  Blanchets 
(3,023  m. ,  9,918  ft.),  which  really  rises 
immediately  E.  of  the  Col  des  Cerces, 
and  overlooks  both  the  Rochilles  and 
the  Cerces  lakes,  as  well  as  the 
Clairee  valley,  may  be  climbed  in  I  hr. 
from  the  Col  des  Cerces  by  way  of  its 
easy  N.  ridge.  But  S.  E.  of  the  Come 
des  Blanchets  rises  the  higher  and 
more  imposing  Pointe  des  Cerces, 
This  is  recognised  from  the  W.  by 
the  curious  purple  hue  of  its  rocks  and 
sand.  From  the  Cerces  lake  it  is 
necessary  to  mount  by  stones  and 
steep  rocks  to  the  lower  edge  of  a 
considerable  snow-field,  keeping  to 
the  N.  of  the  precipitous  rock-wall. 
Thence  a  short  ascent  to  the  N.  leads 
to  the  summit  (2  hrs.  from  the  Cerces 
lake).  As  this  peak  is  certainly 
higher  than  any  other  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood, and  seems  to  be  about  as 
high  as  the  Mont  Thabor,  its  height 
may  be  roughly  taken  to  be  3,180  m. 
(10,434  ft.)  The  view  extends  from 
the  Viso  to  Mont  Blanc.  S.  of  this 
peak,  and  at  the  point  where  the 
ridge  from  the  Col  de  la  Ponsonniere 
joins  that  bounding  the  Clairee  glen 
on  the  W.,  rises  a  peak  (2,936  m., 
9,633  ft.)  which  may  be  called  Pointe 
des  Beraudes,  from  the  tarn  of  that 
name  at  its  E.  foot,  while  still  further 
S.  is  the  Pic  de  la  Mouliniere 
(3,098  m.,  10,165  ft-)>  both  these 
summits  being,  it  is  believed,  still  un- 
climbed,  at  any  rate  by  travellers. 3 

W.  of  the  grassy  ridge  of  the  Col 
des  Rochilles  is  a  muddy  basin, 
apparently  the  bed  of  an  old  lake, 
and  beyond  it  the  low  ridge  of  the 
Col  de  la  Pare  (sometimes  wrongly 
thought  to  be  the  proper  Col  des 
Rochilles)  is  traversed.  A  zigzag 
path  leads  down  past  the  Pare  chalet 
to  those  of  La  Motte  [\  hr.  from  the 
true  Col),  where  the  route  from  the 
Col  de  la  Ponsonniere  leading  over 
from  Le  Lauzet  (§  8.  Rte.  A)  is 
joined.    20  min.  suffice  to  gain  the 


high  road  of  the  Col  du  Galibier 
(§  8.  Rte.  B),  by  which  it  is  2  hrs. 
to  Valloire,  which  is  thus  nearly  3 
hrs.  from  the  Col,  or  7J-8  hrs.  from 
Nevache. 


Route  E. 

BRIANCON  TO  BARDONNECHE  BY 
THE  COL  DES  ECHELLES.  ASCENT 
OF  THE  MONT  THABOR. 

It  was  pointed  out  in  the  In- 
troduction to  this  Section  that  the 
Col  des  Echelles  de  Planpinet  (1,760 
m. ,  5, 774  ft. )  is  the  lowest  pass  across 
the  main  chain  of  the  Alps,  excepting 
only  the  two  great  gaps  which  lead 
from  the  valley  of  the  Adige  to  that 
of  the  Inn.  The  Echelles  offer  little 
difficulty,  and  it  is  simply  owing  to 
international  jealousies  that  a  char 
road  or  mule  path  has  not  been 
carried  over  this  pass,  or  a  tunnel 
pierced  beneath  it,  in  order  to  con- 
nect Briancon  and  Grenoble  with  the 
Mont  Cenis  line.  A  mule  can  tra- 
verse the  whole  distance  save  the 
6  Echelles. '  3 J  hrs.  suffice  for  a 
pedestrian  to  go  from  Nevache  or 
Planpinet  to  Bardonneche.  The  char 
road  runs  along  the  mountain  slope 
from  near  Nevache  above  the  Clairee 
to  the  chapel  of  Notre-Dame  de  Bonne 
Rencontre,  where  the  direct  path  from 
Planpinet  falls  in.  Many  paths  tra- 
verse the  pastures,  which  are  followed 
through  a  sort  of  hollow  way  past  the 
two  small  Custom  houses  to  the  open- 
ing of  the  pass  proper.  On  the  N. 
side  of  the  pass  the  Aiguille  Rouge, 
or  Guglia  Rossa  (2,550  m.,  8,366  ft.), 
resembles  ;a  gigantic  tower.  (It  is 
accessible  in  an  hour  from  the  French 
Custom  house,  or  from  the  Col  des 
Thurres  on  the  N. ,  in  each  case  by 
the  ridge,  while  from  the  Col  des 
Echelles  itself  it  can  be  climbed  in 
2\  hrs.  direct  up  the  E.  rocky  wall, 
I   skirting  on  the  right  the  conspicuous 


ss 


COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  6.  GENEVRE  DISTRICT 


turret  of  red  rock. )  The  descent  on 
the  N.  side  of  the  pass  is  made  in  part 
by  a  picturesque  flight  of  steps  (the 
'  Echelles ')  cut  in  the  rock,  below 
which  a  steep  path  descends  S.E.  to 
the  chalets  of  Pla?i  du  Col  (1,440  m., 
4,725  ft.),  where  the  track  from  the 
Col  de  la  Vallee  Etroite  (§  7.  Rte.  C. 
1)  is  joined,  and  followed  along  the 
left  bank  of  the  stream  of  that  name 
past  the  hamlet  of  Melezet  to  Bardon- 
neche. 

Ascent  of  the  Mont  Thabor.—  The 
topographical  importance  of  this 
famous  summit  has  been  pointed  out 
in  the  Introductions  to  this  Chapter 
and  this  Section.  It  is  very  accessible 
from  all  sides,  and  is  most  favourably 
situated  for  a  panoramic  view  of  the 
Western  Alps.  The  summit  is  a  large 
ridge  on  which  a  mass  of  masonry  has 
been  built  to  mark  the  political 
frontier.  On  the  French  side  is  the 
great  cairn  (3, 182  m. ,  10,440  ft. )  built 
in  1822,  and  on  the  Italian  side  is  the 
chapel  of  Notre-Dame  de  Bon  Secours 
(3,177  m.,  10,424  ft.),  where  on  the 
festival  of  St.  Bartholomew  (Aug.  24) 
and  the  following  Sunday  Mass  is  said 
annually,  and  is  attended  by  many 
pilgrims  from  both  Savoy  and  Pied- 
mont. The  view  includes  the  Grandes 
Jorasses,  the  Matterhorn,  the  Grande 
Casse,  Pourri,  Charbonel,  Ciamarella, 
and  Viso,  but  is  particularly  note- 
worthy for  the  splendid  prospect  of  all 
the  great  Daupbine  peaks. 

£  At  one  point  the  view  is  broken 
by  the  sharp  rocky  summit  known  as 
the  Pic  du  Thabor  (3,205  m.,  10,516 
ft.),  which  was  first  vanquished  in 
1878  by  Mr.  Coolidge.  The  de- 
pression between  the  Mont  and  the 
Pic,  or  the  Col  du  Thabor  (3,123  m., 
10,247  ft«)j  may  be  reached  from  the 
cairn  by  debris,  ice,  and  rotten  rocks, 
and  thence  it  is  but  20  min.  scramble 
by  a  rocky  gully  on  the  S.E.  face 
and  shattered  rocks  to  the  summit  of 
the  Pic.  2 

There  are  many  routes  by  which 
the  Mont  Thabor  may  be  reached, 
that  first  described  being  the  favourite. 

I.  From  Bardonneche. — The  route 


]   of  the  Col  de  la  Vallee  Etroite  (§7. 
I   Rte.  C.  1 )  is  followed  to  the  highest 
j   chalets  in  the  Vallee  Etroite,  1,774  m., 
j   5,820  ft.  (where  it  is  usual  to  pass 
I   the  night  in  order  to  secure  a  clear 
I   view),  2.\  hrs.,  and  for  some  distance 
j  further,  to  a  bridge  (here  the  char 
road  ends)  where  the  valley  forks  at 
the  S.  foot  of  a  fine  rocky  mass  called 
Rocs  Sauvours,  Rocche  del  Seru,  or 
the  Muande  (2,890  m.,  9,482  ft.) 
The  easiest  way  (mules  go  to  within 
an  hour  of  the  chapel)  mounts  round 
the   E.    side   of  this   summit,  but 
pedestrians    will    prefer   to  mount 
'   round  its  W.  side,  the  path  being 
j   rough  and  stony.    The  tracks  rejoin 
;   on  a  plateau,  the  Col  delle  Muaiide, 
I   N.W.   of  the  peak  mentioned,  and 
!   then  a  paved  path  marked  by  several 
j   crosses  mounts  above  the  pretty  little 
|   Peyron  lake  up  yielding  wet  shale 
and  snow,  the  chapel  being  always 
visible.    3^  hrs.  suffice  from  the  huts 
in  the  Vallee  Etroite. 

2.  From  Moda7ie. — The  usual  way 
j  is  to  gain  the  Col  de  la  Vallee  Etroite 
;  (§7.  Rte.  C.  1)  in  4  hrs.,  and  thence 
!   to  traverse  stony  slopes  to  the  plateau 

or  Col  delle  Muande,  N.W.  of  the 
Rocche  del  Serii,  where  the  above 
I   route  is  joined.   2\  hrs.  are  said  to  be 
I  required  from  the  Col  to  the  summit, 
j   A  much  more  interesting  way  for  a 
;  mountaineer  is  to  reach  the  Thabor 
j   by   the  considerable   glacier  which 
!   covers  its  N.   flank.    This  may  be 
:   attained  by  bearing  W.  from  the  head 
1   of  the  glen  leading  up  on  the  French 
side  to  the  Col  de  la  Vallee  Etroite, 
but  the  more  direct  way  would  be 
from  the   La  Praz  station,  between 
Modane  and  St.  Michel  by  way  of 
;   the  Bz'ssorte  glen,  as  to  which  in- 
formation is  much  wanted. 

3.  From  Nevache. — By  beaiing 
N.E.  at  the  head  of  the  Clairee  valley 
(see  Rte.  D)  the  Col  de  Laval  may 

I  be  attained  in  4  hrs.  from  Nevache, 
;  and  thence  a  track  leads  on  one  side 
'  or  the  other  of  the  S.W.  ridge  of  the 
!  Thabor  to  the  summit  (2  hrs.) 
i  Another  way  is  to  go  from  Nevache 
j   to  the  Col  de  la  Madeleine,  at  the  very 


§  7-  AMBIN  DISTRICT 


S9 


head  of  the  Clairee  valley  (4  hrs.), 
and  then  to  rejoin  the  Col  de  Laval 
route  near  the  Col  de  Valmeinier 
(see  below). 

4.  From  St.  Michel.— The  Val- 
meinier stream  joins  the  Arc  just 
opposite  St.  Michel,  and  the  mule 
path  up  the  Vahneinier  glen  bears 
to  the  left  from  that  to  Valloire 
(§  8.  Rte.  B)  soon  after  crossing  the 
Arc.  It  mounts  steeply  by  zigzags 
to  the  chief  hamlet  of  Valmeinier, 
1,594  m.,  5,230  feet  (i|  hr.),  and 
then  runs  up  the  right  side  of  that 
glen,  crossing  and  recrossing  the 
stream  before  passing  under  the 
chapel  of  Notre- Dame  des  Neiges 
(2,190  m.,  7,185),  perched  on  a 
promontory.  A  little  beyond  are 
the  last  chalets,  those  of  Les  Bar- 
mettes  (2 J  hrs. )  A  steep  path  then 
mounts  past  a  small  lake  and  leads  in 
a  S.E.  direction  to  the  Col  de  Val- 
meinier, a  well-marked  depression 
on  the  S.W.  ridge  of  the  Thabor 
(2^  hrs.),  whence  a  great  zigzag  on 
the  French  side  of  the  frontier  ridge 
leads  up  again  to  the  S.W.  ridge  itself, 
along  which  the  summit  is  reached 
( 1  hr. )  7-7|  hrs.  should  be  allowed 
for  the  ascent  from  St.  Michel,  so 
that  it  is  best  to  spend  the  previous 
night  in  one  of  the  higher  chalets. 
From  the  head  of  the  Valmeinier  it 
is  possible  to  mount  E.  by  a  rock- 
strewn  slope,  a  long  couloir  of  shifting 
debris,  and  some  steep  rocks  to  the 
Col  du  Thabor  (between  the  Mont 
and  the  Pic),  the  Mont  being  then 
reached  direct  by  rotten  rocks,  an 
ice  slope,  and  more  shifting  debris. 


SECTION  7. 

AMBIN  DISTRICT. 

In  the  Introduction  to  this  Chapter  it 
was  noted  as  a  curiosity  that  more  or 
less  extensive  glacier-clad  mountain 
masses  exist  in  the  Cottian  Alps  only 


at  the  two  extremities  of  that  range — 
in  the  Chambeyron  and  the  Ambin 
districts.  But  in  the  last-named  dis- 
trict we  find  that  the  region  of  eternal 
snow  is  nearly  confined  to  the  further 
or  E.  portion  of  it,  that  which  im- 
mediately adjoins  the  plateau  of  the 
Mont  Cenis.  Hence,  while  the  dis- 
trict to  be  described  in  this  Section 
appropriately  takes  its  name  from  that 

1  snowy  mass,  by  a  singular  anomaly 
the  two  points  in  which  its  ranges 
culminate  are  in  its  W.  portion — the 
Aiguille  de  Scolette,  or  Pierre  Memie 
(3,505  m.,  11,500  ft.) — the  loftiest 
summit  in  the  entire  Cottian  chain, 
save  the  Viso  itself  and  the  Viso  di 
Vallante — and  the  Rognosa  d^Etache 

I   (3> 3S5  m.,    11,106   ft.)    Thus  the 

j  fragment  of  the  Alpine  chain  with 
which  we  have  at  present  to  deal 
naturally  forms  two  groups,  that  of 
Scolette  and  that  of  Ambin  {Dents 

I  d?  Ambin,  3,382  m.,  11,096  ft.),  the 
Rognosa  d'Etache  rising  between 
them,  though  here  included,  for  the 
sake  of  convenience,  in  the  latter 

I  group,  to  which  it  does  not  strictly 
belong.    It  so  happens  that  a  number 

I  of  easy  passes  lead  over  the  range 

I  between  the  Mont  Thabor  and  Sco- 
lette, so  that  the  Scolette  Group  may 

I  be  described  in  a  single  Rte.  (C), 
while  the  fact  that  many  passes  tra- 
verse the  Ambin  Group  from  one 
valley  on  the  French  slope  to  no  less 
than  three  on  the  Italian  side  renders 
it  necessary  to  devote  two  Rtes.  (D 

j  and  E)  to  that  region.  We  have  also 
to  describe  in  this  Section  the  Frejus 
Tunnel  (sometimes  wrongly  called  the 
Mont  Cenis  Tunnel)  through  the 
Alps  (Rte.  A),  as  well  as  the  great 
road  over  them  which  crosses  the 
Mont  Cenis  (Rte.  B).  Roughly 
speaking,  it  may  thus  be  said  that 
this  Section  includes  the  country 
between  the  Tunnel  and  the  Pass, 
though,  strictly  speaking,  the  W. 
limit  is  formed  by  the  Col  de  la  Vallee 
Etroite,  just  E.  of  the  Mont  Thabor. 

Both  the  groups  mentioned  have 
formed  the  subject  of  monographs  by 
Mr.  Coolidge,  which  were  published 


90 


COTTIAN  ALPS.  I.    §  7.    AMBIN  DISTRICT 


in  the  3rd  and  4th  volumes  of  the 
'  Revue  Alpine,'  of  Lyons.  M.  Fer- 
rand's  4  La  Frontiere  Franco-Ita- 
lienne'  (Grenoble,  1894),  Joanne's 
i  Savoie  '  (1895),  and  vol.  i.  of  Signori 
Martelli  and  Vaccarone's  indispensa- 
ble '  Guida  delle  Alpi  Occidentali ' 
(Turin,  1889)  may  also  be  consulted. 
Modane,  Bardonneche,  and  the  inn 
on  the  Mont  Cenis  are  the  best  head- 
quarters, while  the  Savine  chalets  are 
very  conveniently  placed  for  the  ex- 
ploration of  the  higher  peaks  of  the 
Ambin  group,  as  are  those  of  Etache 
(on  the  Italian  side  of  the  divide)  for 
the  Rognosa,  and  the  minor  summits 
of  that  group. 


Route  A. 

CHAMBERY  TO  TURIN  BY  THE 
FREJUS  TUNNEL. 


M. 

Montmelian    ...  9 
St.  Pierre  dAlbigny        .    15 \ 
La  Chambre   .       .  -38 
St.  Jean  de  Maurienne     .  44 
St.  Michel  de  Maurienne.  51J 
Modane  .       .       .  .61 
Bardonneche   .       .  .72 
Oulx        .       .       .  -79 
Bussoleno       .       .       .    97  J 
Turin      ....  125^ 


Railway  in  7-8  J  hrs. 

For  many  centuries  the  most  fre- 
quented route  across  the  Western 
Alps  was  that  through  the  valley  of 
the  Arc,  or  Maurienne,  and  over  the 
Mont  Cenis.  This  was  partly  due  to 
the  comparative  easiness  and  direct- 
ness of  the  way,  and  partly  to  the  fact 
that  from  the  eleventh  century  on- 
wards Savoy  and  Piedmont  were 
under  the  same  rulers,  so  that  com- 
munications between  them  were  neces- 
sarily well  maintained.  But  since  the 
opening  of  the  Tunnel  in  1871  the 
Pass  has  been  almost  deserted,  so 
that  it  is  more  convenient  for  travellers 


to  describe  the  journey  by  rail  before 
giving  some  account  of  the  Pass. 

Chambery  and  its  environs  are  de- 
scribed in  §  10.  Rte.  A.  On  leaving 
that  little  city  the  railway  follows  a 
depression  between  the  ranges  of  the 
Mont  Granier  on  the  S.  W.  and  the 
Dent  du  Nivolet  on  the  N.E.,  and 
bends  S.E.  towards  the  valley  of  the 
Isere.  Even  when  seen  under  the 
disadvantages  of  railway  travelling, 
the  scenery  of  this  part  of  Savoy — 
where  the  rich  vegetation  of  the 
valleys  contrasts  with  the  rugged  pre- 
cipices of  the  mountains  that  enclose 
them,  and  many  a  ruined  stronghold 
recalls  the  continual  warfare  that  was 
waged  here  for  centuries — must  inte- 
rest the  passing  traveller.  The  first 
station  is  that  of  Chignin-Les  Marches 
(6  m.),  whence  the  Abimes  de 
Myans,  formed  by  a  great  fall 
from  the  Mont  Granier  in  1248, 
may  be  visited  (§  10.  Rte.  B). 
3  m.  further  the  station  of  Mont- 
melian is  reached.  It  is  not  far  from 
the  Isere,  and  is  the  point  at  which 
the  line  to  Grenoble  through  that 
valley  (this  bit  of  which  is  called  the 
Graisivaudan)  branches  off  (§  10. 
Rte.  B),  in  connection  with  which 
Montmelian  is  most  conveniently 
noticed.  Montmelian  is  a  most  im- 
portant strategical  point,  for  here 
meet  the  routes  to  Chambery,  to  the 
Little  St.  Bernard  (§14.  Rte.  G),  to 
Grenoble  (§  10.  Rtes.  B  and  C),  and 
to  the  Mont  Cenis. 

The  line  now  runs  for  a  time  to  the 
N.E.  at  some  distance  from  the  right 
bank  of  the  Isere,  and  passes  the 
station  of  (2 J  m.)  Cruet  (for  the  way 
hence  to  Le  Chatelard,  in  the  Bauges, 
by  the  Col  de  Lindar,  see  §  11.  Rte. 
C.  3)  before  attaining  that  of  (4  m.) 
St.  Pierre  d'Albigny,  Here  the  line 
to  Albertville  and  Moutiers  (§  12. 
Rte.  A)  for  the  Little  St.  Bernard 
parts  from  that  which  we  are  describ- 
ing, while  there  is  also  a  road  hence 
over  the  Col  du  Frene  to  Le  Chate- 
lard (§11.  Rte.  C.  4). 

[A  short  distance  (4  m.)  from 
either   St.   Pierre  or  Cruet  is  the 


ROUTE  A.    CHAMBERY  TO  TURIN  BY  THE  FREJUS  TUNNEL  91 


village  of  Coise,  very  prettily  situated, 
and  reputed  for  its  mineral  waters, 
which  contain  iodine  and  bromine,  in 
combination  with  magnesia,  and  are 
said  to  act  as  a  specific  for  goitre.  3 

The  railway  soon  after  leaving  the 
station  of  St.  Pierre  crosses  the  Isere, 
and  after  passing  (2^  m. )  Chamousset, 
at  the  actual  junction  of  the  Arc  with 
the  Isere  (for  the  road  hence  to 
Allevard  see  §  8.  Rte.  F.  b),  enters 
the  valley  of  the  Arc,  which  bears  the 
name  of  the  Maurienne.  (This  name 
is  mentioned  by  Gregory  of  Tours  in 
the  sixth  century,  so  that  it  has 
nothing  to  do  with  Moors  or  Saracens, 
as  has  been  conjectured.)  It  is  for 
the  most  part  a  savage  and  narrow 
gorge,  with  occasional  basins  or 
hollows  in  which  villages  have  been 
built,  though  threatened  by  falls  from 
the  mountains  on  all  sides.  The  first 
station  is  Aiguebelle,  6  m.  from 
Chamousset.  (For  the  Col  de  Mont 
Gilbert  hence  to  Allevard  see  §  8. 
Rte.  F.  c,  and  for  the  Col  de  Basmont 
to  Cevins  see  §  12.  Rte.  A.) 

Close  to  and  just  S.  of  Aiguebelle, 
on  an  isolated  rock,  is  the  ruined 
castle  of  Charbonniere,  the  original 
home  of  the  Counts  of  Savoy.  Hence- 
forward till  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne 
the  line  mounts  nearly  due  S.,  cross- 
ing soon  after  Aiguebelle  to  the  right 
bank  of  the  Arc,  which  is  followed 
with  scarcely  a  break.  Next  comes 
Epienx  (6  m.),  whence  several 
passes  (see  §  8.  Rte.  F.  d)  lead  to 
Allevard.  At  the  hamlet  of  La 
Chapelle  the  line  passes  through  a 
short  tunnel,  on  issuing  from  which 
the  traveller  may  catch  a  glimpse  to 
the  S.W.  of  two  pyramidal  peaks, 
the  Grand  Clocher  du  Frene  and  the 
Grand  Miceau,  between  which  is  the 
Col  du  Frhie,  by  which,  or  by  two 
more  direct  passes  (see  §  8.  Rtes.  F. 
e,  and  H.  1),  St.  Remy,  on  the  left 
bank  of  the  Arc,  between  La  Chapelle 
and  La  Chambre,  may  be  reached 
from  Allevard.  Soon  after  the  valley 
opens,  and  the  train  reaches  the  plain 
on  which  is  (8  m. )  the  village  of  La 
Chambre.    There  is  here  a  Roman- 


esque church,  and  the  ruins  of  another 
collegiate  church,  destroyed  in  1792. 

^Opposite  the  village  is  the  wide 
valley  of  the  Glandon,  or  of  Les 
Villards,  through  which  several  passes 
lead  over  to  Bourg  d'Oisans,  St.  Jean 
d'Arves,  and  Allevard,  which  are 
noticed  in  §  8.  Rtes.  E  and  H.  On 
the  other  side  of  the  valley  the  Col  de 
la  Madeleine  (§  12.  Rte.  C)  gives 
access  to  Moutiers,  in  the  Tarentaise.J 

Up  to  La  Chambre  the  valley  of  the 
Arc  has  risen  very  gently,  about  200 
m.  (656  ft.)  only  from  Montmelian  in 
the  course  of  29  m.  ;  but  higher  up 
the  slopes  are  steeper,  and  at  St.  Jean 
de  Maurienne  the  mountain  locomo- 
tives are  attached  to  the  train.  The 
line  and  the  Arc  wind  round  the 
bases  of  the  mountains  that  enclose 
the  straitened  valley  and  pass  be- 
neath the  tower  of  Berold  of  Saxony, 
now  believed  to  have  been  the  an- 
cestor of  the  House  of  Savoy,  before 
entering  the  little  plain,  where,  at  the 
confluence  of  the  A?-van  with  the 
Arc,  stands,  on  the  left  bank  of  the 
latter  river,  and  6  m.  from  La 
Chambre, 

St.  Jean  de  Maurienne  (573  m., 
1,880  ft.),  the  capital  of  the  Mauri- 
enne. It  is  a  small  city  of  about 
3,000  inhabitants,  built  on  rising 
ground  overlooking  the  floor  of  the 
valley.  The  see  dates  from  the  sixth 
century,  but  the  Cathedral  only  from 
the  fifteenth  century.  It  contains 
several  curious  monuments,  and  some 
magnificent  carved  wood  choir  stalls 
of  the  fifteenth  century,  as  well  as  an 
alabaster  reliquary.  The  chapel  of 
Notre-Dame  has  a  porch  of  the  thir- 
teenth century,  while  the  cloisters  of 
the  cathedral  deserve  a  visit. 

£S.W.  of  St.  Jean  the  Col  d'Arves 
leads  over  to  St.  Jean  d'Arves, 
which  may  now  be  also  gained  by 
a  carriage  road  up  the  Arvan  glen. 
(For  the  passes  from  St.  Jean  d'Arves 
to  Bourg  d'Oisans,  La  Grave,  and 
Valloire,  see  §  8.  Rtes.  B,  C,  D,  and 
E. )  In  the  other  direction  the  Col  de 
la  Platiere  leads  from  St.  Jean  de 
Maurienne  to  Moutiers  (§12.  Rte.D).^ 


92  COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  7-  AMBIN  DISTRICT 


After  crossing  the  Arvan,  just  after 
leaving  the  station,  the  railway  enters 
the  portion  of  the  valley  which  has 
opposed  the  most  serious  difficulties 
to  the  maintenance  of  regular  com- 
munications between  France  and 
N.  Italy.  The  mountains  which  over- 
hang the  valley,  and  especially  the 
Perron  des  Encombres  (which  me- 
naces the  line  between  St.  Jean  and 
St.  Michel),  are  composed  of  rocks 
that  yield  rapidly  to  the  weather,  and 
the  slopes  at  their  base  consist  of 
enormous  piles  of  debris,  accumu- 
lated in  the  course  of  ages.  Every 
storm  brings  down  fresh  heaps  of 
sand  and  fine  rubbish,  mixed  with 
larger  blocks  ;  while  at  the  same 
moment  the  swollen  torrents  eat  into 
the  half-consolidated  soil  of  the  lower 
slopes,  cutting  deep  trenches,  and 
often  sweeping  large  masses  away  in 
their  current.  The  difficulty  of  find- 
ing solid  foundations  for  bridges  and 
embankments,  or  of  protecting  the 
line  from  frequent  degradation,  has 
been  a  constant  source  of  anxiety  and 
expense. 

The  line  crosses  and  recrosses  the 
Arc  several  times,  and  passes  through 
several  tunnels  while  winding  through 
the  narrow  gorge  which  separates  St. 
Jean  from  the  station  of  (j\  m. ) 
St.  Michel  de  Mauri enne  (702  m., 
2,303  ft.) 

[On  the  opposite  side  of  the  Arc 
a  road  mounts  to  Valloire,  thus  giving 
access  to  several  passes  leading  to 
La  Grave,  the  Lautaret  Hospice, 
and  Briancon  by  the  Clairee  valley 
(see  §  8.  Rte.  B,  and  §  6.  Rte.  D), 
while  E.  of  this  road  is  that  to  the 
Valmeinier,  through  which  it  is  pos- 
sible to  ascend  the  Mont  Thabor 
(§  6.  Rte.  E).  On  the  N.  the  Col 
des  Encombres  (§  12.  Rte.  E)  leads 
from  St.  Michel  over  to  Mofitiers.] 

Soon  after  quitting  St.  Michel  the 
line  crosses  to  the  left  bank  of  the 
Arc,  and  ascends  steeply  through  a 
wild  gorge,  cutting  almost  perpen- 
dicularly the  nearly  vertical  strata,  in 
which  beds  of  anthracite  frequently 
occur.    No  fewer  than  eleven  tunnels 


are  traversed  between  St.  Michel 
and  Modane.  About  3  m.  from  St. 
Michel  the  opening  of  the  Bouchet 
glen  is  seen  on  the  N.  :  through  it  there 
are  several  passes  to  Moutiers  and 
Pralognan  by  way  of  the  glacier-clad 
Peclet  group  (§  12.  Rte.  F).  6  m.  from 
St.  Michel  is  the  station  of  La  Praz^ 
at  the  junction  of  the  Bis  sort e  stream, 
flowing  from  the  Mont  Thabor  (see 
§  6.  Rte.  E.  2),  with  the  Arc. 
Some  way  beyond  the  valley  opens, 
the  entrance  of  the  great  Tunnel  is 
seen,  and  the  train  reaches  the  station 
of  (9J  m.  from  St.  Michel) 

Modane  (1,053  ™.3  3^457  ft.), 
which  is  at  the  railway  hamlet  of 
Fourneaux,  about  J  hr.'s  walk  from 
the  old  village  of  Modane.  Here  the 
customs  examination  of  luggage  takes 
place,  from  whichever  direction  the 
traveller  may  arrive. 

[For  the  road  up  the  Arc  valley 
see  Rte.  B,  below,  and  §  12.  Rte.  B; 
for  the  passes  from  Modane  to  Pra- 
1  lognan  see  §  12.  Rtes.  F  and  G,  and 
I  for  those  to  Bardonneche  see  Rte.  C, 
1  below.  The  Mont  Thabor  is  de- 
j   scribed  in  §  6.  Rte.  E. 

Any  one  forced  to  make  a  stay  at 
I  Modane  should  not  omit  the  stroll  to 
j  the  chapel  of  Notre- Dame  du  Charmaix 
!  (see  Rte.  C.  1.  below).  A  longer 
j  excursion  (4J  hrs. )  is  to  the  Signal  de 
\  la  Norma  (2,926  m.,  9,610  ft.),  on 
j  the  S.E. ,  whence  there  is  a  very  fine 
!   view  of  the  surrounding  peaks.  J 

The   Frejus   Tunnel    is  pierced 
through  the  Alpine  chain  immedi- 
ately below  the  Pointe  de  Frejus  (see 
Rte.  C.  3.  below),  and  is  17  m.  W. 
of  the  pass  of  Mont  Cenis,  so  that 
!   it  rightly  bears  the  name  of  Frejus, 
and  not  of  Mont  Cenis.    It  is  the 
earliest  tunnel   pierced  through  the 
Alps,   if  we   except   those    of  the 
Traversette  (§  4.   Rte.    B)   and  of 
Tenda  (§  I.  Rte.  A).    The  merit  of 
proposing  the  plan  which  was  finally 
adopted  was  due  to  Monsieur  Medail, 
I   of  Bardonneche,  who  as  early  as  1832 
j  submitted  to  King  Charles  Albert  a 
;  scheme  which  did  not  differ  much 
!  from  that  ultimately  carried  out.  But 


ROUTE  A.    CH AMBER Y  TO  TURIN  BY  THE  FREJUS  TUNNEL  93 


he  died  in  1850,  having  only  lived 
long  enough  to  see  his  project  enter- 
tained by  the  Commission  appointed 
in  1845  by  the  Sardinian  Government 
to  consider  the  feasibility  of  a  railway 
tunnel  through  the  Cottian  Alps. 
Many  difficulties  were  encountered 
and  overcome,  and  in  1857  the  work 
was  begun  by  the  Sardinian  Govern- 
ment, France  joining  in  the  enter- 
prise in  1862.  In  December  1870  the 
last  wall  was  pierced,  and  in  Septem- 
ber 187 1  it  was  opened  for  traffic. 
The  engineers  were  three  Pied- 
montese,  Signori  Sommeiller  (who 
died  two  months  before  the  formal 
opening),  Grandis,  and  Grattoni. 
The  actual  length  of  the  Tunnel  is 
8  m. ,  and  the  total  cost  was  about 
three  millions  sterling.  The  N.  en- 
trance is  at  a  height  of  1,159  m 
(3,803  ft.),  while  the  S.  mouth  is 
1,292  m.  (4,239  ft.)  The  Tunnel 
mounts  for  nearly  4  m.  from  the 
N.  entrance  to  the  culminating  point 
(1,295  m.,  4,249  ft.),  and  then  de- 
scends more  gently.  There  is  a  nearly 
constant  draught  through  it,  so  that 
no  inconvenience  is  felt  by  reason  of 
imperfect  ventilation  by  travellers, 
the  transit  taking  about  25  min.  The 
main  difficulty  of  this  great  enterprise 
lay  in  the  fact  that  the  height  of  the 
mountain  chain  above  the  Tunnel 
(about  1,650  m.,  5,414  ft.  difference) 
made  it  impossible  to  give  access  to  it 
by  vertical  shafts,  which  at  the  same 
time  facilitate  ventilation  and  mul- 
tiply the  points  at  which  work  can 
be  carried  on.  To  overcome  these 
two  formidable  objections  it  was 
necessary  to  devise  machines  which 
should  provide  more  effectual  means 
for  ventilation  than  any  hitherto  used, 
and  at  the  same  time  penetrate  the 
rock  more  rapidly  than  by  the  ordi- 
nary process  of  blasting.  When  the 
matter  was  first  seriously  examined  it 
was  estimated  that,  even  if  it  were 
possible  for  workmen  to  labour  in  a 
shaft  of  such  depth,  and  in  air  "vitiated 
by  the  frequent  explosion  of  gun- 
powder, it  would  have  required  36 
years  to  accomplish  the  work  by  such 


I   means  as  were  then  available.  The 
I   demand  for  new  machinery  led  to  a 
supply  of  ingenious    projects,  par- 
■   ticularly  that  of  an  English  engineer, 
i    Mr.    Bartlett,  that   finally  adopted 
being  devised  by  Signori  Sommeiller, 
Grandis,  and  Grattoni.    The  motive 
power  was  derived  from  a  waterfall 
about  65  feet  in  height,  by  which 
atmospheric  air  was  compressed,  and 
made  available  in  the  interior  of  the 
Tunnel  at  once  for  ventilation,  for 
piercing  the  rock,  and  for  removing 
the  rubbish.    On   the  N.  side  the 
I   system  was  modified,  in  order  to  use 
:   the  current  of  the  Arc  for  motive 
power.      The   progress   during  the 
latter  years  surpassed  expectations, 
and  this  great  work  was  completed 
two   years   earlier    than    the  date 
originally  fixed. 

On  leaving  the  station  of  Modane 
the  line  makes  a  great  bend  to  the 
N.E.  round  the  old  village  of  Modane, 
and  passes  through  one  long  and 
one  short  covered  gallery  before, 
about  3  m.  from  the  station,  it 
enters  the  Tunnel.  At  a  very  short 
distance  from  its  S.  entrance  the 
station  of  Bardonneche  (11  m. )  is 
reached.  It  is  at  a  height  of  1,256  m. 
(4,121  ft.),  and  has  gathered  (like 
Modane)  a  new  village  around  it,  the 
old  village  ( 1 , 3 1 2  m. ,  4, 305  ft. )  being 
at  a  little  distance  to  the  W.  The 
new  village  is  now  a  favourite  summer 
resort  of  Italians  seeking  to  avoid  the 
heat  in  the  plains.  Its  position  is 
agreeable  and  picturesque,  though 
rather  too  close  to  the  railway.  The 
old  village  is  overlooked  by  the  ruins 
of  an  old  castle,  and  near  it  are  found 
several  rare  plants,  such  as  Euphrasia 
lajiceolata,  f?iula  mo?ita?ia,  Herni- 
aria  incana,  Hieraciu?n  Lawsoni,  &c. 

£As  the  village  stands  at  the 
junction  of  several  mountain  streams 
passes  lead  from  it  in  various  direc- 
tions :  those  to  Modane  are  described 
in  Rte.  C,  below,  the  ascent  of 
the  Mont  Thabor  and  the  Col  des 
Echelles  to  Briancon  in  §  6.  Rte.  E, 
and  those  to  Exilles  or  Bramans  in 
[  Rte.  D,  below.  3 


94 


COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  7.  AMBIN  DISTRICT 


The  line  runs  S.E.  down  the  shut-  . 
in  Bardonneche  glen  till  the  stream  of 
that  name  (flowing  from  the  Roche- 
molles  valley)  falls  into   the  more 
mighty  Dora  Riparia  not  far  from 
the  station  of   (7m.)   Oulx.  This 
village  was  described  in  §  6.  Rte.  A,  ; 
in  connection  with  the  Mont  Genevre, 
to  which,  as  also  to  the  Col  de  Sestrieres 
(§  5.  Rte.  B),  it  is  the  key.    (For  the 
easy  passes  over  to  the  head  of  the 
valley  of  the  Chisone  see  §  5.  Rte. 
B. )    The  bed  of  the  Dora  is  followed 
in  a  N.E.  direction  to  (3J  m. )  Salber- 
trand  (famous  for  the  defeat  of  the 
French  army  here  in  1689   by  the 
Waldensians  on  the  occasion  of  their  ! 
4  Glorieuse  Rentree '  into  their  valleys), 
and  then  mounts  high  above  the  right 
bank  of  that  river,  passing  through 
many  tunnels,  and  forming  one  of 
the  great  triumphs  of  the  engineer's 
art  and  audacity.    On  the  other  side 
of  the  valley  is  seen  the  great  fortress 
of  Exilles  (for  the  passes  thence  to 
Bramans  see  Rte.  D.  below),  for  the 
possession  of  which  a  fierce  battle 
took  place  in  this  part  of  the  valley 
in  1747,  the  French,  who  had  held 
the  whole  valley  as  far  as  Chiomonte 
till,  by  the  Treaty  of  Utrecht  in  17 13, 
it  was  exchanged  with  Fenestrelles, 
and  Chateau  Dauphin  for  Barcelon- 
nette,  being  defeated  by  the  Sardinian 
troops.    In  this  fortress  the   '  Man 
with  the  Iron  Mask  5  was  long  con- 
fined.   6  m.  from  Salbertrand  is  the 
station  of  Chiomonte  (for  the  Col  dell' 
Assietta  hence    to  Fenestrelles  see 
§  5.  Rte.  B),  and  9  m.  further  after 
passing  Meana,  opposite  Susa,  the 
level  of  the  Dora  valley  is  finally 
gained  at  the  station  of  Bussole7to. 
(Hence  a  branch  line  runs  in  4  m. 
to  Susa,  described  in  the  next  Rte. , 
while  for  the  Col  des  Fenetres  over  to 
Fenestrelles  see  §  5.  Rte.  B. )  The 
station   of   Condove,  9  m.    (for  the 
passes  hence  and  from  Alpignano  and 
Avigliana  over  to  the  Viii  valley  see 
§13.  Rte.  C),  is  N.  of  the  celebrated 
castle-like  Benedictine  monastery  of 
St.  Michel  de  la  Cluse  (the  mother 
house  of  the  '  cell '  of  Chamonix),  j 


founded  in  999,  and  crowning  a  re- 
markable rock  (948  m.,  3,110  ft.) 
rising  nearly  2,000  ft.  above  the 
valley  ;  it  is  most  conveniently 
visited  from  the  next  station  (2  m.), 
San?  Ambrogio.  Between  is  the 
famous  narrow  gorge  of  the  Pas  de 
Suse,  or  the  Cluse,  2  m.  further  is 
Avigliana,  opposite  Drubiaglio, 
identified  by  many  good  authorities 
with  the  ancient  Ocelum  (for  the 
passes  hence  past  Giaveno  to  the 
Chisone  valley  see  §  5.  Rte.  B). 
6  m.  on  is  Alpignano,  where  the 
mountain  ranges  on  either  side  sink 
into  the  plain,  and  in  9  m.  more,  passing 
within  sight  of  Rivoli,  the  traveller 
reaches  Turin. 


Route  B. 

MODANE  TO  TURIN  BY  THE  MONT 
CENIS. 

M. 

Bramans  ...  7 
Termignon  .  .11 
Lanslebourg  .  .16 
Hospice  .  .  -24 
La  Grande  Croix  .  25^ 
Susa ....  37" 
Turin  (by  rail)  .       .  69 

Diligence  in  3  hrs.  to  Lanslebourg, 
and  on  in  2%  hrs.  to  the  Mont  Cenis 
Hospice.  Also  in  2^  hrs.  from  the 
Hospice  to  Susa.  Private  carriages 
are  hard  to  procure  save  at  Modane. 

Though  the  Mont  Cenis  Pass  was 
for  centuries  frequented  by  travellers 
of  all  nationalities,  and  hence  ex- 
tremely well  known,  yet  it  is  pretty 
certain  that  it  was  not  till  the  eighth 
century  that  it  was  first  crossed  by 
foreigners.  It  is  first  mentioned  in 
731,  but  Pippin's  passage  in  755,  and 
that  of  Charles  the  Great  in  773,  seem 
to  be  the  first  recorded.  Later  it 
came  into  fashion,  and  no  fewer  than 
13  passages  by  the  mediaeval  Em- 
perors on  their  way  to  or  from  Rome 
are  recorded.    But  for  long  it  was 


ROUTE  B.    MODANE  TO  TURIN  BY  THE  MONT  CEN1S  95 


only  traversed  by  a  mule  path,  at 
least  between  Lanslebourg  and  Nova- 
lesa.  The  present  carriage  road  was 
constructed  between  1803  and  1 8 10, 
by  the  order  of  Napoleon,  and  on  the 
Italian  side  descends  above  the  right 
bank  of  the  Cenise,  opposite  the  old 
mule  path.  The  name  of  the  pass  is 
believed  to  be  derived  from  the  Cenise 
stream,  but  as  late  as  the  sixteenth 
century  we  hear  of  a  statue  of  St. 
Denis  preserved  at  Lanslebourg, 
whence  the  pass  was  also  called  Mont 
Denis :  probably  we  have  here  a 
compliment  to  the  Frankish  kings 
and  their  successors,  suggested  by  the 
name  of  the  Cenise.  The  Hospice 
on  the  summit  was  founded  in  the 
early  part  of  the  ninth  century, 
but  refounded  (after  the  expulsion  of 
the  Saracens  of  La  Garde  Freinet)  in 
the  eleventh  century  by  Adelaide  of 
Susa  and  Humbert  II.  of  Savoy,  and 
enlarged  by  Napoleon. 

[From  1868  to  187 1  the  pass  was 
traversed  from  St.  Michel  to  Susa  by 
the  very  remarkable  line  of  railway 
known  from  the  name  of  its  inventor 
as  the  Fell  Railway.  As  stipulated,  it 
was  destroyed  after  the  Tunnel  was 
completed,  but  traces  of  it  can  still  be 
seen  in  places.  The  engine-drivers 
wereEnglish.  To  the  astonishment  of 
those  used  to  the  ordinary  conditions 
of  railway  travelling,  the  locomotive, 
with  a  train  of  carriages,  was  seen  to 
toil  up  and  hurry  down  slopes  on  the 
outer  edge  of  the  carriage  road,  and 
to  turn  corners  within  little  more  space 
than  was  required  by  the  diligences. 
The  system  adopted  seemed  perfectly 
safe,  but  it  may  be  doubted  whether 
the  economic  results  were  satisfactory. 
The  power  available  was  much  less 
than  in  the  case  of  ordinary  railways, 
as  only  about  forty-eight  travellers 
could  be  conveyed  in  each  train.  But 
it  was  a  noteworthy  anticipation  of 
the  mountain  railways  now  so  common 
in  Switzerland.  3 

The  high  road  from  the  railway 
station  at  Modane  passes  through  the 
village  of  that  name,  and  then  cross- 
ing the  railway  mounts  high  above 


the  left  bank  of  the  Arc.  Opposite 
is  seen  the  fine  waterfall  of  St.  Benoft, 
and  to  the  right  the  picturesque 
fortress  of  Esseillon.  This  is  built  on 
the  rocky  mountain-side,  and  appears 
to  bar  further  progress,  the  chasm 
through  which  the  Arc  flows  between 
the  fort  and  the  high  road  serving  as 
a  fosse  to  the  seemingly  impregnable 
works,  which  command  this  entrance 
into  Italy.  The  pretty  gorge  of  Ste. 
Anne  is  next  traversed,  a  drawbridge 
being  crossed  at  the  entrance  of  the 
glen  of  that  name  (for  the  Col  de 
Pelouse  through  it  to  Bardonneche  see 
next  Rte. )  The  road  then  gradually 
descends  into  a  fertile  basin,  in  which 
the  Le  Verney  hamlet  of  Bramans  is 
passed.  (For  the  passes  thence  to 
Bardonneche,  Exilles,  and  Susa  see 
Rtes.  D  and  E,  below.)  The  road 
now  crosses  to  the  right  bank  of  the 
Arc,  and  winds  along  it  till  it  tra- 
verses the  Leisse  stream,  just  before 
entering  the  considerable  village  of 
Termignon  (1,280  m.,  4,200  ft.) 
(For  the  passes  hence  to  Pralognan, 
Tignes,  Val  dTsere,  Bessans,  01 
Bonneval  see  §  12.  Rtes.  I  and  X.) 
The  little  church  which  stands  on  a 
I  projecting  rock  above  the  village  has 
a  belfry  of  rather  curious  architecture, 
wThile  the  remains  of  an  ancient 
chapel,  dedicated  to  St.  Coiumban, 
will  also  interest  the  antiquary. 

On  leaving  Termignon  the  road 
makes  a  rather  steep  ascent  by  two 
great  zigzags  (which  the  pedestrian 
may  easily  cut  off)  to  the  upper  level 
of  the  Arc  valley,  and  follows  the 
right  bank  of  the  river  to  the  large 
village  of  Lanslebourg  (1,398  m., 
4,587  ft.),  once  a  busy  place  with  a 
constant  stream  of  traffic,  now  a  silent 
Alpine  village,  with  many  large 
empty  houses  formerly  used  for  the 
horses  and  carriages  by  means  of 
which  the  pass  was  crossed.  (For  the 
ascents  to  be  made  from  Lanslebourg, 
and  the  road  up  the  Arc  valley  to 
Bonneval,  at  its  head,  see  §  12.  Rte. 
B.) 

At  the  upper  end  of  the  village  the 
road   crosses   the   Arc  by  a  stone 


96  COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  7.  AMBIN  DISTRICT 


bridge,  and  then  the  ascent  to  the 
Pass  immediately  commences.  The 
slope  of  the  mountain-side  is  so  uni- 
form that  on  this  side  it  presents  no 
engineering  difficulties,  and  when  the 
existing  road  was  constructed  it  was 
merely  necessary  to  decide  what  in- 
clination should  be  given  to  it.  The 
gradient  adopted  was  about  1  ft.  in  15, 
and  this  is  preserved  with  tolerable 
uniformity  throughout  the  ascent. 
This  is  effected  by  six  long  zigzags, 
each  bend  of  which  is  about  f  m.  in 
length.  (The  Fell  railway  kept  close 
to  the  road,  and  in  fact  occupied  part 
of  the  roadway,  except  at  the  sharp 
turns  where  a  slightly  wider  sweep 
was  made.  Pedestrians  may  reach 
the  Pass  near  the  18th  Refuge  in 
i§  hr.  by  following  the  path  past  the 
telegraph  posts,  while  there  is  a  short 
cut  from  Lans  le  Villard  to  the  first 
zigzag. )  There  are  twenty-three  *  Re- 
fuges 3  between  Lanslebourg  and  Susa, 
almost  all  on  the  Italian  slope. 

The  crest  of  the  pass  is  marked  by 
a  boundary  stone  (2,101  in.,  6,893 
ft.),  and  commands  a  fine  view  on  the 
Savoyard  side.  The  road  then 
descends  towards  the  great  undulating 
plateau  of  the  Mont  Cenis,  passes  the 
junction  of  the  char  road  from  the 
Petit  Mont  Cenis  (Rte.  E,  below), 
and  passes  the  Hotel  de  l'Ancienne 
Poste  at  Les  Tawrnettes,  before  gain- 
ing the  Hospice  (1,924m.,  6,313  ft.), 
at  the  E.  end  of  the  considerable  Lac 
du  Mont- Cenis.  Poor  travellers  are 
here  received  gratuitously,  but  there 
are  rooms  for  guests  of  a  higher  class, 
though  often  occupied  during  the 
summer  by  Italian  officers,  as  the 
plateau  is  surrounded  on  all  sides  by 
recently  constructed  fortifications.  A 
naturalist  will  be  tempted  to  spend 
some  days  at  the  Hotel  or  at  the 
Hospice,  as  this  district  is  unusually 
interesting  to  a  botanist,  while  very 
easily  accessible  in  a  day  from  Cham- 
bery,  Milan,  or  Genoa.  The  pastures 
surrounding  the  lake,  when  seen 
before  the  cattle  are  driven  up  there, 
which  usually  happens  early  in  July, 
may  vie  with  our  finest  gardens  for 


the  beauty  and  variety  of  their  flowers, 
and  the  surrounding  heights  produce 
most  of  the  rarest  species  of  the 
Western  Alps.  To  name  but  a  few 
of  the  more  interesting  species,  we 
find  here  Ranunculus  pyre?ioeus, 
Draba  fiyrenaica,  Arabis  cenisia, 
Saponaria  lutea,  Ononis  ce?iisia, 
Phaca  australis,  Oxyt?'opis  fxtida, 
and  O.  Gaudini,  Astragalus  de- 
pressus,  Saxifraga  diapensioides, 
Hieracui??i  valdepilosum,  Campanula 
cenisia  and  C.  Allionii,  Swertta 
perennis,  Veronica  Allionii,  Pedicu* 
laris  comosa  and  P.  gyroflexa,  Cor- 
tusa  Matthioli,  Paradisia  Liliastrum, 
Car  ex  microglochin,  and  Alopecurus 
Gerardi.  On  the  slope  towards 
Lanslebourg  Pi?ttis  uncmata,  Poa 
distichophylla,  and  Festuca  Jlavescens 
may  also  be  found,  while  the  list 
might  be  considerably  extended  if  we 
were  to  include  places  within  easy 
reach,  such  as  the  Petit  Mont  Cenis 
and  the  Col  de  Clapier.  An  account 
of  the  geology  of  the  Mont  Cenis 
plateau  is  given  by  Signor  Piolti  in  an 
article  in  the  '  Bollettino '  of  the 
Italian  Alpine  Club  for  1888.  (For 
the  ascents  of  the  Rochemelon,  the 
Pointe  de  Ronce,  and  the  Roche 
Michel,  see  §  13.  Rte.  A,  and  for 
those  from  the  Savine  chalets,  Rte.  E. 
below. ) 

ijm.  beyond  the  Hospice  is  a  group 
of  houses  with  extensive  stabling  (for 
the  diligences  in  former  days)  called 
the  Grande  Croix  (1,876  m.,  6,155 
ft.),  immediately  beyond  which  the 
plateau  comes  to  an  end,  and  the 
descent  begins.  (The  old  mule  track 
descends  from  the  plain  of  St. 
Nicholas  through  the  hamlet  of 
Fen-era  to  that  of  Novalesa — with  its 
famous  ancient  monastery,  suppressed 
in  1855,  after  an  existence  of  800 
years — and  then  becoming  a  char 
road  descends  the  Cenise  valley  past 
Venaus  to  Susa.  It  affords  a  short 
cut  for  pedestrians. ) 

A  better  view  and  cooler  air  are 
gained  by  following  the  high  road  in 
preference  to  the  route  by  Novalesa. 
It  is  carried  down  by  great  zigzags  to 


ROUTE  C.    MODANE  TO  BARDONNECHE 


97 


the  little  plain  of  St.  Nicholas,  and 
then  high  above  the  W.  bank  of  the 
Cenise — which  ma.kes  a  fine  cascade, 
seen  on  looking  back  —  opposite 
Novalesa,  which  is  well  seen  from 
the  hamlet  of  Molaretto.  The  Roche - 
melon,  hitherto  concealed  by  nearer 
peaks,  now  stands  out  and  remains 
the  most  conspicuous  object  through- 
out the  descent  to  Susa.  Half-way 
(3  m. )  between  that  hamlet  and  Susa 
is  the  village  of  Jaillon  (Giaglione)  ; 
the  zigzags  above  and  below  can 
easily  be  cut  off  by  the  pedestrian. 
The  views  gained  in  the  course  of  the 
descent  are  very  fine,  and  the  com- 
bination of  Alpine  scenery  with 
southern  vegetation  should  have  con- 
ferred on  this  entrance  into  Italy  a 
higher  reputation  than  it  has  yet 
obtained.  Some  detached  bosses  of 
rock  intervening  between  the  Cenise 
and  the  Dora  conceal  the  city  from 
view  till  the  traveller  is  close  to 

Susa  (501  m. ,  1,644  ft.)  This  is 
a  small  city,  occupying  the  site  of  a 
Roman  station,  founded  or  extended 
in  the  time  of  Augustus.  The  Cathe- 
dral dates  back  to  the  eleventh 
century,  and  has  a  curious  belfry  in 
the  Romanesque  style,  while  some  of 
the  carving  and  sculpture  is  interest- 
ing. In  the  church  is  preserved  the 
bronze  triptych  recording  the  famous 
ascent  of  the  Rochemelon  in  1358 
(see  §  13.  Rte.  A).  A  lane  opening 
on  the  piazza  of  the  Cathedral  leads 
in  a  few  minutes  to  the  celebrated 
Arc  of  Triumph,  erected  about  8  B.C. 
m  honour  of  Augustus.  The  columns 
are  of  the  Corinthian  order,  but  its 
importance  is  mainly  due  to  the 
inscription  on  it,  recording  how  King 
Cottius  submitted  to  the  Roman 
yoke,  and  accepted  the  dignity  of  a 
Roman  prefect,  and  enumerating  the 
names  of  the  fourteen  mountain 
clans  under  his  jurisdiction.  These 
names  really  form  the  starting  point  of 
the  history  of  this  region  of  the  Alps. 

Immediately  N.  of  Susa,  between 
the  city  and  the  Dora  Riparia,  are 
the  ruins  of  the  fortress  of  Brunetta, 
once  considered  the  key  to  the  valley 
I. 


on  the  Piedmontese  side,  but 
destroyed  in  1796  by  order  of 
Napoleon.  The  adjoining  rocks, 
and  those  above  the  neighbouring 
village  of  Mompantero,  on  the  N.E., 
are  exposed  to  the  full  force  of  the 
sun,  and  therefore  support  many 
southern  plants  which  are  rarely  seen 
so  far  from  the  shores  of  the  Medi- 
terranean :  among  them  is  the  rare 
Telephin?n  Imperati.  The  station  at 
Susa,  once  such  a  busy  place,  now 
serves  merely  for  the  local  traffic  of 
that  small  city.  The  great  railway 
line  passes  at  a  considerable  height 
on  the  opposite  side  of  the  valley, 
and  Susa  is  connected  with  it  at  the 
station  of  Bussoleno  by  a  short  branch 
line  of  4  m.  The  route  from  Busso- 
leno to  Turin  (28  m. )  has  been 
described  in  the  preceding  Rte. 


Route  C. 

I  MODANE  TO  BARDONNECHE. 
I  ASCENT  OF  THE  AIGUILLE  DE 
I  SCOLETTE. 

No  fewer  than  four  Alpine  glens 
1  meet  at  Bardonneche,  so  that  through 
each  of  them  a  pass  leads  thither 
from  Modane  ;  while  through  that  to 
the  S.W.  the  Col  des  Echelles  gives 
access  to  Briancon  (§  6.  Rte.  E),  and 
through  that  to  the  N.E.  passes  lead 
over  from  Bramans,  and  are  described 
in  Rte.  D,  below.  None  of  the  four 
passes  to  be  here  noticed  offer  any 
difficulties,  the  two  first-named,  and  in 
I  part  the  third,  being  traversed  by 
mule  paths.  From  each  pass  the 
chief  neighbouring  summit  is  easily 
ascended. 

1.  By  the  Col  de  la  Vallee  Etroite 
(7-J  hrs. ) — The  main  route  (a  char 
road  for  some  way)  mounts  from  the 
village  of  Modane  itself  past  a  series 
of  small  chapels,  but  a  traveller  start- 
ing from  the  railway  station  c: 
Modane  can  mount  direct  by  a  steep 
zigzag  path    on  the   right   bank  of 

H 


98  COTTIAN  ALPS.  I. 

the  Grande  Montague  torrent,  re- 
joining the  chief  road  a  little  before 
it  crosses  a  torrent  far  below  in  a 
deep  ravine  in  order  to  attain  the 
Sanctuary  of  Notre- Dame  du  Char- 
maix,  1,508  m.,  4,948  ft.  (a  long 
hour  from  the  station).  This  is  a 
celebrated  place  of  pilgrimage  in  the 
Maurienne,  especially  on  September  8. 
The  statue  of  the  Madonna  is  rudely 
carved  in  white  marble,  now  dingy 
with  the  lapse  of  years,  for  the  first 
chapel  was  built  here  as  far  back  as 
1404.  It  was  later  enlarged  and 
rebuilt,  part  of  the  wooden  building 
now  forming  an  archway  under  which 
the  path  is  carried,  the  chapel  itself 
being  on  the  left,  and  protected  by  a 
strong  wooden  grating.  The  position 
in  the  midst  of  pine  forests  is  ex- 
tremely picturesque,  and  any  traveller 
making  an  enforced  stay  at  Modane 
should  not  neglect  to  make  this  short 
and  pleasant  excursion.  10  min.  up 
the  glen  at  the  Charmaix  chalets  the 
mule  track  to  the  Col  de  Frejus  (3. 
below)  blanches  off  to  the  S.E.,  but 
the  main  road  mounts  the  right  side 
of  the  glen  of  the  Grande  Montagne, 
till  in  40  min. ,  at  the  Pra  di  Riou 
chalets,  leaving  on  the  left  the  char 
road  towards  the  Col  de  la  Roue 
(2.  below),  our  mule  track  soon 
crosses  the  Roue  torrent,  mounts 
a  grassy  slope  by  zigzags,  and  then 
through  a  wild  gorge  on  the  S.W.  to 
the  Losa  huts  in  a  fine  pasture  basin. 
The  way  hence  mounts  slightly  S.W. , 
and  at  the  end  rather  steeply  to  the 
Col  (2,445  m-?  8,022  ft. ),  reached  in 
4  hrs.  from  Modane.  It  is  some- 
times called  Col  de  la  Saume,  though 
that  name  properly  belongs  to  an  un- 
frequented pass  on  the  N.W.  (For 
the  Mont  Thabor  see  §  6.  Rte.  E. ) 
The  path  on  the  Italian  side  descends 
nearly  due  S.,  keeping  on  the  W. 
side  of  a  ravine  which  becomes  deeper 
and  deeper.  A  rapid  slope  leads 
down  to  the  bri  Ige  at  the  junction  of 
the  two  arms  f  the  Vallee  Etroite. 
The  right  ban  is  hence  followed  by 
means  of  a  chai  road  to  the  highest 
huts  [\\  hr.),  w  lere  the  night  is  often 


§  7.  AMBIN  DISTRICT 

spent  before  the  ascent  of  the  Mont 
Thabor,  and  then  mainly  the  left 
bank. 

[For  the  passes  from  these  chalets 
to  Briancon  by  the  Nevache  valley 
see  §  6.  Rte.  D.  From  the  chalets 
the  Rocca  Bernaude  (3,229  m. , 
10,594  ft.),  the  highest  summit  in 
the  range  between  the  Vallee  Etroite 
and  the  Roue  glen,  may  be  climbed 
in  4J  hrs.  by  its  S.  ridge,  while  the 
Punta  Baldassare  (3,162  m., 
10,375  ft.),  more  to  the  S.  on  the 
same  ridge,  is  accessible  in  4  hrs.  by 
its  N.W.  slope. 3 

The  glen  is  very  pretty  and  wooded, 
and  the  peaks  around  rise  in  strange 
forms.  Some  distance  below  the  path 
from  the  Col  des  Echelles  falls  in  at 
the  chalets  of  Plan  du  Col,  and  thence 
the  left  bank  of  the  torrent  is  followed 
past  the  hamlet  of  Melezet  to  Bar- 
donneche,  which  is  about  3  J  hrs. 
from  the  pass. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  la  Roue  (5 J  hrs. ) 
— This  is  the  shortest  and  most  direct 
way  from  Modane  to  Bardonneche, 
and  is  mentioned  in  the  Middle  Ages 
under  the  name  of  the  4  collis  rotse.,' 
though  it  is  not  proved  that  a  Roman 
track  crossed  it,  and  still  less  that  it  was 
Hannibal's  pass.  The  way  continues 
up  the  main  valley  after  that  to  the 
Col  de  la  Vallee  Etroite  branches  off 
to  the  S.W. ,  about  ij-  hr.  from 
Modane.  The  char  road  in  \  hr. , 
at  the  ruined  mining  buildings  of 
Lavoir,  becomes  a  mule  track, 
and  mounts  nearly  due  S.,  rather 
steeply,  up  a  side  glen,  at  the 
entrance  to  which  there  are  some 
stunted  pine  trees.  Higher  up  there 
are  open  pastures,  over  which  the 
path,  marked  by  poles,  ascends 
gently  in  a  S.E.  direction  to  the  pass, 
2,566  m. ,  8,419  ft.  (if  hr.  from  the 
bifurcation,  or  3 J  hrs.  from  Modane), 
which  is  marked  by  two  crosses.  It  is 
one  of  the  easiest  passes  in  the  Alps. 

[Hence  the  Punta  Nera  (3,040  m. , 
9,974  ft.),  on  the  E. ,  can  be  reached 
in  i\  hr. ,  while  the  Gran  Somma 
(c.  3, loom.,  10,171  ft.),  on  the  S.W. , 
is  best  climbed  from  the  Custom- 


ROUTE  C.    MODANE  TO  BARDONNECHE 


99 


house  officers'  hut  in  2§  hrs.  by  its 
S.  ridge.  J 

The  descent  lies  down  over  the 
Piano  dei  Morti,  passes  the  Custom- 
house officers'  cabin,  and  traverses 
the  left-hand  slopes  of  a  treeless  and 
dreary  glen.  Bardonneche  is  seen 
below  on  rounding  a  corner  (J  hr. ), 
and  J  hr.  further  is  the  chapel  of 
N.-D.  de  Montserrat.  A  little  be- 
yond the  Roue  (or  Rho)  chalets  are 
passed,  and  a  good  \  hr.  more  brings 
the  traveller  to  Bardonneche  (if  hr. 
from  the  pass). 

3.  By  the  Col  de  Prejus  (5J-6  hrs. ) 
— This  is  in  some  respects  the  most 
interesting  route  from  Modane  to 
Bardonneche,  as  it  passes  almost  im- 
mediately beneath  the  great  Tunnel. 
The  mule  track  leaves  the  Col  de  la 
Vallee  Etroite  road  (1.  above)  at 
the  chalets  of  Charmaix,  and  mounts 
rather  steeply  through  the  forest  to 
the  picturesque  and  wide-spreading 
pastures  of  Arrotidaz,  the  upper  huts 
on  which  are  reached  in  1J-2  hrs. 
from  Charmaix.  A  low  depression — 
the  Col  cPArrondaz  (2,521  m. ,  8,371 
ft.) — in  the  ridge  to  the  S.  gives  ac- 
cess in  \  hr.  to  a  rather  more  stony 
hollow,  whence  a  last  steep  ascent  by 
a  well-marked  path  leads  to  the  pass, 
2,528  m.,  8,294  ft.  (i|hr.,  or  3 J- 4 
hrs.  from  Modane). 

[An  easy  rocky  ridge  allows  the 
traveller  to  make  in  a  good  half- 
hour  the  ascent  of  the  Pointe  de 
Frejus  (2,944  m.,  9,659  ft.),  on  the 
N.  It  commands  a  very  extensive 
view  of  the  Dauphine  and  Tarentaise 
peaks,  including  even  the  Viso  and 
the  Chambeyron  summits,  far  away, 
as  well  as  Bardonneche,  quite  close 
by.  But  a  few  steps  distant  is 
a  ruined  hut,  which  is  just  over 
the  Tunnel,  and  was  used  as  an 
Observatory  at  the  time  it  was  being 
pierced.  It  is  easy  to  follow  the 
frontier  ridge  for  f  hr.  more  to  the 
Cime  du  Grand  Vallon  (3,128  m. , 
10,263  ft.),  not  to  be  confused  with 
a  summit  of  the  same  name  a  little 
further  E.  (see  under  4.  )J 

The  descent  from  the  Col  lies  for  a 


considerable  distance  in  a  S.E.  direc- 
tion over  rocks,  and  stones,  by  a 
zigzag  path.  Lower  down  are  pas- 
tures, the  Merdovine  chalets  being 
gained  in  about  1  hr.  from  the  pass, 
and  Bardonneche  by  the  right  bank 
of  the  torrent  in  rather  less  time  (ij- 
2  hrs.  from  the  Col). 

4.  By  the  Col  de  Pelouse  (7J-8J 
hrs.) — The  three  passes  just  described 
all  lead  from  the  same  glen  on  the 
French  side,  that  of  the  Grande 
Montague.  That  now  to  be  noticed 
traverses  entirely  different  glens  on 
either  side.  But  it  is  the  route  re- 
commended to  the  mountaineer,  since 
on  the  way  over  the  Col  the  ascent 
may  be  made  of  the  beautiful  Aiguille 
de  Scoletie. 

About  midway  between  Modane 
and  Bramans  the  pretty  wooded 
gorge  of  Ste.  Anne  descends  from  the 
S.  to  the  Arc  valley,  just  opposite  the 
fortress  of  Esseillon  (see  Rte  B. 
above).  This  glen  gives  access  to 
the  Col  de  Pelouse.  The  mule  path 
mounts  steeply  from  the  bridge  at  its 
entrance  (4  m.  from  Modane)  up  the 
left  bank  of  the  torrent,  crosses  in 
\  hr.  by  the  Pont  Sever  to  the  right 
bank,  and  then  ascends  by  five  great 
zigzags  to  the  upper  basin  of  the 
valley  in  which  are  the  chalets  of 
Hortiere  (c.  1,800  m.,  5,906  ft.),  at 
the  junction  of  the  two  arms  of  the 
valley  (I  hr.,  or  2 \  hrs.  from  Mo- 
dane). 

[Pedestrians  may  take   a  better 
j   way,  leaving  the  Mont  Cenis  high  road 
j   a  little  beyond    Villarodin  (i|-  hr. 
I   from  Modane),  and  mounting  through 
the  forest  round  a  corner  into  the  Ste. 
Anne  valley,  the  chapel  of  that  name 
being  reached  in  a  good  hour  from 
Villarodin,  while  10  min.  below  the 
Pont  de  Ste.  Anne  leads  over  to  the 
right  bank  of  the  torrent,  which  is 
followed  to  Hortiere  (~  hr.  from  the 
bridge,  or  3  hrs.  from  Modane).  On 
looking  back  from  near  the  chapel  a 
beautiful  glimpse  of  the  Dent  Parra- 
chee  is  obtained.  J 

The  way  to  the  Col  lies  up  the 
I   right  bank  of  the  stream  in  the  S.W. 

H  2 


ioo  C0TTIAX  ALPS.    I.    §  7.  AM  BIX  DISTRICT 


or  principal  branch  of  the  valley,  at 
first  through  forests,  later  up  a  sort  of 
corridor  of  nearly  level  pastures  to  the 
highest  chalets  in  the  valley,  those  of 
Vallon  or  Avalaiiche,  2,130  m., 
6,989  ft.  (1  hr. )  Opposite  on  the  E. 
rises  the  snow-seamed  W.  face  of  the 
Aiguille  de  Scolette.  The  ascent  to 
the  Col  continues  in  a  S.E.  direction 
up  pastures,  and  shifting  debris,  a 
lake  being  passed  on  the  W.  before 
the  ridge  of  the  pass  (2,796  m.,  9,174 
ft.)  is  attained  (i-ij  hr.  from  the 
highest  chalets,  or  4J-5  hrs.  from 
Modane). 

[YV.  of  the  pass  is  the  Chne  du 
Grand  Vallon,  3,191  m.,  10,470  ft. 
(Italian  map),  or  3.158  m. ,  10,361 
ft.  (French  map),  which  is  properly 
called  Pointe  de  Panmont,  and  is 
only  c.  3,080  m.,  10,105  ft.,  high.] 

The  descent  to  the  valley  of  Roche- 
molles  is  comparatively  short,  but  ex- 
tremely steep,  though  magnificent 
views  of  Scolette  are  gained  on  the 
way.  The  path  after  making  many 
zigzags  turns  S.  and  passes  several 
groups  of  chalets  before  attaining  the 
level  of  the  Rochemolles  valley  ( 1  hr. ) 
The  ancient  and  quaint  hamlet  of 
Rochemolles  ( 1,597  m. ,  5,240  ft.)  is 
about  \  hr.  further  (1  hr.  from  the 
Plan  chalets,  higher  up  the  valley, 
whither  a  direct  path  descends  from 
the  pass),  and  thence  1^  hr.  more  by 
a  char  road  mainly  along  the  right 
bank  of  the  torrent  leads  to  Bardon- 
neche  (2^-3^  hrs.  from  the  Col). 

Ascent  of  the  Aiguille  de  Scolette. 
— It  has  been  often  remarked  that  some 
peaks  escape  notice  for  many  years, 
though  not  far  from  a  frequented 
route.  One  of  these  is  the  Aiguille 
de  Scolette,  3.505  m.,  11,500  ft. 
(called  Pierre  Menue  on  the  Italian 
map),  which  rises  half-way  between 
the  Tunnel  and  the  Mont  Cenis. 
Although,  as  already  pointed  out, 
it  is  the  loftiest  summit  in  the 
Cottians  (save  the  Viso,  and  its 
satellite,  the  Viso  di  Vallante),  it 
is  indicated  on  the  Sardinian  map 
without  any  height,  and  unmen- 
tioned  either  in  the  older  editions  of 


Joanne  or  of  the  present  work.  It 
did  not  become  known  to  moun- 
taineers till  1S75,  when,  after  several 
attempts,  Signor  Martino  Baretti  suc- 
ceeded in  making  the  first  ascent  by 
way  of  the  N.W.  ridge,  the  best  and 
most  convenient  route.  On  occasion 
of  the  second  ascent  (1881)  Signori  L. 
Barale,  H.  Briner,  and  E.  Fierz 
scaled  the  precipitous  W.  rock  face, 
the  climb  up  it  being  difficult  and 
taking  3  hrs. ,  so  that  this  route  has 
been  but  seldom  taken  since.  Mr. 
Coolidge,  making  in  1882  the  third 
ascent  (the  first  altogether  from  the 
French  side),  and  a  few  other  parties, 
adopted  the  N.W.  ridge  route,  and  it 
was  not  till  1890  that  Signori  C.  and 
A.  Fiorio,  E.  Canzio,  and  N.  Vigna 
struck  out  a  new  way  by  the  E.  arete, 
which  has  since  become  a  favourite 
climb  with  Italian  climbers. 

There  is  a  great  cairn  on  the 
N.W.  ridge,  which  marks  the  point 
at  which  that  arete  is  reached  by 
travellers  coming  from  one  or  other 
side.  Mr.  Coolidge,  having  slept 
at  the  Fond  chalets,  in  the  S.E. 
arm  of  the  Ste.  Anne  valley,  and  a 
short  hour  higher  than  those  of 
Hortiere  (see  above),  climbed  direct 
up  the  steep  debris  and  rocky  slopes  on 
the  S.W.  to  the  N.W.  ridge,  attained 
in  I \  hr.  from  the  huts  at  a  point  a 
good  bit  farther  S.  than  that  marked 
2.909  m.  on  the  French  map,  and  by 
the  broad  and  easy  ridge  reached  the 
aforesaid  great  cairn  on  that  ridge 
in  35  min.  more.  (This  cairn  can 
also  be  attained  by  a  direct  ascent 
from  the  Vallon  chalets,  on  the  W. 
(2tt  hrs.),  or  by  a  traverse  from  the 
Col  de  Pelouse  along  the  W.  base 
(take  care  not  to  keep  too  high  up)  of 
the  peak,  2J  hrs.  sufficing  to  go  from 
the  Col  to  the  highest  summit. )  1 5 
min.  beyond  the  cairn  the  base  of 
the  first  of  the  three  rocky  teeth  which 
make  up  the  mountain  is  reached.  It 
can  be  turned  with  ease  by  either 

!  flank,  and  the  next  tooth  should  be 
crossed,  the  crest  of  the  ridge  itself 
then  leading  to  the  summit  of  the 

.   third  and  highest  pinnacle,  J  hr.  from 


ROUTE  D.    BRAMANS  TO  BARDONNECHE 


IOI 


the  first,  or  f  hr.  from  the  great  cairn.  ! 
These  times  are  rather  fast,  as  the 
weather  was  threatening  all  day.  The 
view  is,  of  course,  very  extensive,  in- 
cluding Mont  Blanc,  and  the  lake  on 
the  Mont  Cenis,  as  well  as  the 
villages  of  Aussois  and  Avrieux,  due 
NT,  and  the  Rochemolles  valley  till 
near  Bardonneche. 

The  best  starting  point  for  the  E. 
ridge  is  the  chalets  of  Plan,  high  up 
the  Rochemolles  glen  (2 J  hrs.  from  j 
Bardonneche).     2  hrs.  suffice  to  gain  ; 
the  foot  of  the  S.E.  face,  up  which  a  j 
snow  gully  straight  in  front  (better  j 
than  a  tempting  one  more  to   the  I 
right)  leads  to  the  E.  ridge  (J-i  hr. )  I 
2  hrs.  or  less  are  required  to  climb 
along  this   interesting,    though   not  | 
difficult,  arete,  it  being  best  to  keep  ! 
more  often  on  the  Italian  than  on  the  j 
French  slope.    It  is  also  possible  to  ' 
gain  the  E,  ridge  from  the  Italian 
Etache  huts  (see  next  Rte. ),  on  the  : 
S.E. ,  in  2f  hrs. 


Route  D. 

BRAMANS  TO  BARDONNECHE,  EX- 
ILLES,  OR  SUSA  BY  THE  AM  BIN 
GROUP. 

Near  the  village  of  Bramans,  7  m. 
from  Modane  on  the  road  towards 
the  Mont  Cenis  (Rte.  B.  above),  a 
considerable  mountain  stream  flows 
from  the  E.  into  the  Arc.     This  is  j 
the  St.  Pierre   torrent,    which  de- 
scends  through   the   Ambin  valley  \ 
from  the  watershed  of  the  Alps,  re- 
ceiving   on    its   way    two   smaller  I 
affluents  from  the  Savine  glen,  on  the 
E. ,  and  the  Etache  glen,  on  the  S.  W. , 
so  that  the  Ambin  valley  is  formed 
by  the  union  of  three  glens.  The 
three  glens  and  streams  unite  at  or  a 
little  above  the  hamlet  of  Pes  Planais,  j 
whence  branches  off  the  path  to  the 
Petit  Mont  Cenis.     The  peaks  rising 
on  the  ridge  at  the  head  of  these 


three  glens  are  known  as  the  Ambin 
Group  (the  culminating  point  of 
which  is  the  highest  of  the  Trots 
Dents  <F  Ambin,  3,382  m.,  1 1,096  ft. ), 
together  with  the  fine  summit  of 
Rognosa  d  Etache,  which,  as  indi- 
cated above,  is  here  included  with 
this  group  for  the  sake  of  practical 
convenience,  though  it  properly  rises 
between  the  Ambin  Group  and  the 
Scolette  Group.  On  the  other  hand, 
as  the  Savine  glen  is  practically  part 
of  the  route  over  the  Petit  Mont 
Cenis,  it  is  best  described  in  connec- 
tion with  that  pass  in  the  next  Rte. 

From  the  Ambin  valley  passes  lead 
over  to  no  fewer  than  three  distinct 
glens  on  the  Italian  slope,  so  that 
they  are  naturally  noticed  in  the  same 
Rte.,  though  it  must  be  borne  in 
mind  that  the  fourth  of  the  passes 
noticed  below  leads  into  the  same 
glen  on  the  Italian  side  as  the  Col 
de  Clapier  from  the  Savine  glen.  The 
Ambin  Group  has  very  rarely  been 
visited  by  foreign  travellers,  but  has 
been  pretty  thoroughly  explored  by 
Italian  climbers,  as  is  fully  set  forth  in 
Mr.  Coolidge's  monograph  in  the 
third  volume  of  the  '  Revue  Alpine  ' 
of  Lyons. 

A  char  road  is  carried  from 
Bramans  high  above  the  left  bank  of 
the  torrent  through  the  narrow  glen. 
It  passes  the  chapel  of  N.-D.  de  la 
Delivrance,  and  higher  up  near  the 
ancient  but  ruined  church  of  St. 
Pierre  d Extravache.  The  rocks 
which  enclose  the  valley  are  easily 
disintegrated,  and  they  have  been 
extensively  cut  through  or  undermined 
by  the  stream.  This  is  particularly 
well  seen  about  \\  hr.  above 
Bramans,  where  the  road  passes  near 
the  ruined  church  over  a  ridge  which 
commands  a  view  of  the  peaks  on 
the  N.  of  the  Arc  valley,  with  a  great 
stretch  of  that  valley  itself.  This 
ridge  formerly  barred  the  valley,  and 
thus  formed  a  considerable  lake  ;  but 
it  has  been  sawn  through  by  the 
torrent  to  the  depth  of  260  ft.  belovv 
the  former  level  of  the  lake.  On  the 
opposite  side  of  the  valley  is  a  great 


102  COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  7.  AM  BIN  DISTRICT 


wall  of  white  rock,  which  has  been 
identified  by  some  writers  with  the 
'  white  rock  '  encountered  by  Hanni- 
bal when  crossing  the  Alps.  In 
1J-2  hrs.  the  char  road,  having 
crossed  the  Etache  torrent,  comes  to 
an  end  at  the  hamlet  of  Les  Pianais 
(1,649  m.,  5,410  ft.),  and  here  the 
track  up  the  Etache  glen  branches  off 
from  those  up  the  Ambin  glen,  and 
to  the  Petit  Mont  Cenis.  Hence  it 
is  most  convenient  to  describe  the 
passes  through  the  two  former  under 
separate  headings. 

1.  By  the  Col  d'Etaclie  (8J  hrs. 
from  Biamans  to  Bardonneche). —  It 
is  not  necessary  to  cross  the  bridge 
over  the  Etache  stream  to  Les 
Pianais,  for  the  mule  path  mounts  at 
first  along  the  left  bank  of  that 
torrent,  and  then  in  20  min.  crosses 
to  the  right  bank.  In  about  1^  hr. 
the  Etache  chalets  (French  slope)  are 
attained,  and  a  glimpse  gained  of  the 
Grande  Casse.  (Hence  a  paved 
track  runs  up  the  main  glen  towards 
the  lake  and  glacier  of  Etache,  at 
the  head  of  which  is  the  rock  wall  of 
the  Col  della  Rognosa  :  see  below.) 
The  way  to  the  Col  d;Etache  (pass- 
able for  mules)  now  quits  the  main 
valley,  and  continues  by  the  left 
bank  of  a  side  stream  up  a  steep 
slope,  and  then  by  a  ledge  over- 
hanging a  small  waterfall,  the  upper 
basin  being  thus  gained.  Bearing 
well  to  the  left  across  bare  slopes  the 
summit  of  the  pass  (2,787  m., 
9,144  ft.)  is  attained  in  3  hrs.  or  less 
from  Les  Pianais.  It  commands  a 
very  extensive  view,  including  the 
Meije,  Ecrins,  Grande  Casse,  Grande 
Motte,  and  Grivola.  The  pass  is 
much  used  by  smugglers. 

An  easy  descent  of  -§  hr.  leads  to 
the  Etache  chalets  (Italian  slope), 
2,442  m. ,  8,012  ft. 

[These  huts  may  be  used  as  a 
staiting  point  for  the  ascent  of 
Scohtte  on  the  N.W.  by  its  E.  ridge 
(see  last  Rte.),  but  are  even  better 
situated  for  the  splendid  rock  peak 
of  the  Rognosa  d'Etache  (3,385  m., 
11,106  ft.)  on  the  E.     A  goat  track 


leads  round  the  S.W.  foot  of  the 
Rochers  Cormis  (2,909  m.,  9,544  ft.) 
to  a  very  stony  hollow  up  which  and 
snow  patches  the  way  lies  N.E.  to 
the  wide  opening  of  the  Col  della 
Rognosa  (3,100  m.,  10,171  ft.),  2 hrs. 
from  the  huts.  Hence  the  highest  01 
S.W.  summit  of  the  Rognosa  may  be 
climbed  in  i\  hr.  by  easy  rocks,  it 
being  best  to  keep  on  the  proper  right 
bank  of  the  great  ice  couloir  S.W.  of 
the  peak.  The  N.E.  summit  (c. 
3,360  m.,  11,024  ft.)  can  be  reached 
from  the  depression  at  the  head  of 
the  couloir  to  its  S.W.  in  about  the 
same  time  from  the  Col  della  Rognosa. 
Either  summit  can  be  scaled  by  way 
of  that  depression  from  the  Col 
Sommeiller,  on  the  S.E.,  the  lower 
taking  I  ^  hr.  thence,  but  the  higher 
a  longer  time,  as  the  rocks  are  diffi- 
cult. The  first  ascent  of  the  loftiest 
summit  of  the  Rognosa  was  made  in 
1875  by  Signor  F.  Montaldo.  It  is 
possible  to  descend  the  smooth  steep 
rock  wall  on  the  French  side  of  the 
Col  della  Rognosa  mainly  by  way  of 
a  black  couloir  far  to  the  right  of  a 
conspicuous  mass  of  red  rocks  ; 
1  hr.  is  required  to  reach  the  small 
Etache  glacier,  and  the  French 
Etache  chalets  are  gained  in  \\  hr. 
more.  J 

A  zigzag  path  down  steep  grass 
slopes  leads  from  the  Italian  Etache 
huts  in  under  \  hr.  to  near  the  Fond 
chalets,  at  the  head  of  the  Rochemol/es 
valley,  and  that  valley  is  then 
followed  past  the  Plait  huts  (where 
the  way  from  the  Col  de  Pelouse, 
last  Rte.,  4.  falls  in)  to  Bardonneche, 
which  may  be  gained  in  2§  hrs.  from 
the  Fond  chalets,  or  under  3!  hrs. 
from  the  pass. 

2.  By  the  Col  Sommeiller  (iojhrs. 
from  Bramans  to  Bardonneche). — 
The  way  to  this  pass  continues  from 
Les  Pianais  up  the  main  Ambin 
valley,  which  bends  gradually  to  the 
S.,  and  then  to  the  S.E.  The  track 
is  rough,  and  the  valley  very  wild  and 
stony,  and  shut  in  between  lofty 
ridges.  Soon  after  passing  the 
waterfall  formed  by  the  Savine  torrent 


ROUTE  D.    B RAMANS  TO  EXILLES  OR  SUSA 


the  path  crosses  to  the  right  bank  of 
the  stream,  which  is  followed  to  the 
rude  Baraque  cTA??ibin  (2  hrs.  or 
less  from  Les  Planais),  amidst  most 
savage  surroundings.  Soon  after,  the 
torrent  is  recrossed,  and  once 
round  a  corner  in  the  valley  (20  min. 
from  the  Baraque)  it  is  necessary  to 
climb  the  steep  grass  slopes  on  the 
W.  by  means  of  a  faint  track.  This 
makes  two  huge  zigzags  before  gain- 
ing the  Ni  end  of  the  glacier  giving 
access  to  the  pass,  and  continues 
along  its  left  bank  (the  glacier  itself 
is  quite  easy)  to  the  foot  of  the  final 
snowy  ascent  to  the  pass  (2,962  m., 
9,718  ft.),  which  is  attained  in  2.\  hrs. 
from  the  Baraque,  or  \\  hrs. 
from  Les  Planais.  The  pass  is  well 
known  to  the  shepherds,  who  occa- 
sionally lead  their  flocks  over  it,  and 
is  mentioned  several  times  by  the 
French  military  topographers  of  the 
eighteenth  century,  but  its  name  was 
only  bestowed  on  it  in  187 1  by  Signor 
Baretti,  in  honour  of  the  famous 
engineer  who  had  so  much  to  do 
with  the  piercing  of  the  great 
Tunnel. 

[For  the  ascent  hence  of  the  two 
peaks  of  the  Rognosa  d'Etache  on 
the  N.W.,  see  1.  above.  The 
Punt  a  Sommeiller  (3,321  m., 
10,896  ft. ),  on  the  S.E.,  may  be  scaled 
direct  from  the  Col  by  the  steep 
rocks  of  its  N.  face,  but  it  is  easier 
to  work  round  its  tf.W.  foot  to  the 
Col  de  Galambra  —  between  the 
Rochemolles  and  Galambra  glens — 
whence  it  is  accessible  in  1  hr.jj 

The  descent  from  the  Col  lies  over 
an  easy  glacier  to  a  rocky  hollow, 
and  then  down  the  rock  wall  which 
closes  the  head  of  the  Rochemolles 
valley,  and  is  seamed  by  a  fine 
waterfall.  i|  hr.  suffices  to  gain  the 
Fond  chalets,  whence  Bardonneche 
is  attained  in  2\  hrs.  more  by  the 
way  described  above  from  the  Col 
d'Etache. 

It  may  here  be  stated  once  for  all 
that  while  the  maps  give  the  name 
Col  d'Ambin  to  several  passes  (all  of 
which  might  fitly  bear  it)  that  name 


is  now  limited  to  the  pass  next  to  be 
noticed. 

3.  By  the  Col  d'Ambin  (8|  hrs. 
from  Bramans  to  Exilles). — Thfs  pass 
(2,854  m.,  9,364ft.)  lies  at  the  ex- 

!   treme  S.  end  of  the  Ambin  valley, 

i  and  may  be  reached  in  2  hrs.  or  so 
from  the  Baraque  d'Ambin  by  keep- 
ing along  the  right  bank  of  the 
torrent  by  a  path,  and  then  mounting 
by  easy  rocks  and  some  snow.  Like 
the  Col  Sommeiller,  this  Col  is  also 
spoken  of  by  the  old  French  military 
topographers. 

[In  about  I  hr.  it  is  easy  to  climb 
the  Punta  Ferrant  (3,364  m., 
11,037  ft.),  on  the  E.,  by  the  S.W. 
ridge  and  the  snow  at  its  N.  base.  It  is 
admirably  placed  as  a  view  point,  for 
it  commands  the  whole  valley  be- 
tween Susa  and  Oulx,  Susa  itself,  the 
fortress  of  Exilles,  and  the  Superga, 
near  Turin,  while  the  Viso,  the  great 

!    Dauphine  peaks,  Mont  Blanc,  the 

I  Grand  Combin,  the  Matterhorn,  and 
many  other  summits  are  visible.  On 

I  the  Italian  side  the  easiest  rou'e  is 
by  the  S.  ridge.  J 

There  is  not  the  slightest  difficulty 
in  the  descent  from  the  Col  on  the 

;   Italian  side,  there  being  very  little 

snow.    Exilles  (see  Rte.  A  it  is 

about  half-way  between  the  railway 
stations  at  Salbertrand  and  Chio- 
monte,  either  of  which  is  attained  by 
the  great  carriage  road  leading  towards 

!  the  Mont  Genevre)  can  be  reached  in 
2J  hrs.  through  the  easy  Gala?nbra 
glen  and  a  path  on  the  left  bank  of 
its  torrent.  Another  way  is  to  cross 
the  Pas  so  Clopaca,  S.  of  the  Punta 
Ferrant,  and  so  either  descend  by 
the  curious  subterranean  aqueduct  of 
Touilles  (500  m.,  1,640  ft.,  in  length, 
and  excavated  by  a  solitary  man, 
Colombano  Romean,  between  the 
years  1526  and  1533)  to  Chiomonte, 
on  the  railway  between  Oulx  and 
Turin  (Rte.  A.  above),  or  by  the 
Touilles  glen  to  the  Col  de  Ciapier 
track,  and  so  to  Susa. 

4.  By  the  Col  de  l'Agnel.  —  This  is 
!  an  easy  glacier  pass  which  crosses  the 
i   watershed  N.  of  the  Punta  Ferrant 


104  COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §  7-  AMBIN  DISTRICT 


It  is  reached  from  the  head  of  the 
Ambin  valley  by  bearing  S.E.  from 
the  line  of  ascent  to  the  Col  d' Ambin. 
Another  glacier  covers  the  Italian 
side  of  the  pass,  and  it  was  in  a 
crevasse  here  that  Signor  Tonini,  one 
of  the  Piedmontese  surveyors,  pe- 
rished in  i860,  as  he  refused  to  be 
roped,  as  was  suggested  by  his  guide. 
Below,  the  track  from  the  Col  de 
Clapier  (next  Rte. )  is  joined,  and 
followed  to  Susa.  This  pass,  or 
rather  the  route  to  it,  is  chiefly  used 
by  those  who  desire  to  make  the 
ascent  of  the  RccJie  d? Ambin ,  3,377 
in.,  11,080  ft.  (see  next  Rte.),  start- 
ing from  the  Italian  side  ;  this  can  be 
effected  by  the  rocks  of  its  E.  face, 
2  hrs.  being  required  from  the  Italian 
Agnel  glacier,  which  is  6  hrs.  from 
Chiomonte. 


Route  E. 

B RAMANS  OR  THE  MONT  CENIS  TO 
SUSA  BY  THE  COL  DE  CLAPIER. 
ASCENTS  OF  THE  ROCHE  AND 
DENTS  D'AMBIN. 

The  Savine  glen  forms  the  E.  arm 
of  the  Ambin  valley,  but  is  raised 
high  above  it  by  a  wall,  down  which 
falls  a  fine  cascade.  This  wall  or 
ridge,  in  the  opinion  of  some  geo- 
logists, once  extended  continuously 
across  the  main  Ambin  valley,  so  as 
to  form  great  lakes  in  its  upper  part 
as  well  as  in  the  Savine  glen.  But 
this  massive  barrier  has  been  gradually 
eaten  away  by  the  torrents  till  the 
lakes  were  drained  (or  nearly  so),  or 
filled  up  with  debris.  Hence  the 
scenery  of  the  Savine  glen  is  singular. 
It  forms  a  trough  between  the  Dents 
d'Ambin  and  the  ridge  separating  it 
on  the  E.  from  the  Cenise  valley. 
This  trough  is  very  uniform  in  shape, 
the  bottom  showing  a  wide  expanse 
of  green  pastures,  while  the  sides  are 
a  succession  of  stony  slopes.  But  the 
dark  crags  of  the  Roche  and  Dents 


!  d'Ambin,  with  their  streaming  gla- 
ciers, suffice  to  give  sublimity  to  the 
scene.  Not  far  from  the  edge  of  the 
above-mentioned  wall  descending  to- 
wards the  main  Ambin  valley  are  the 
chalets  of  Savine  (2,221  m.,  7,287 
ft.),  amidst  fine  pastures.  They  are 
accessible  in  1  hr.  by  a  nearly  level 
path  from  the  Petit  Mont  Cenis,  and 
are  thus  on  the  direct  route  from  the 
Arc  valley  to  Italy,  while  they  are 
the  best  head-quarters  on  the  French 
slope  whence  to  explore  the  higher 
peaks  of  the  Ambin  Group. 

Before,  however,  describing  those 
ascents  it  is  convenient  to  give  a 
brief  notice  of  the  Petit  Mont  Cenis 
(2,184  m.,  7;  166  ft.),  which  has  been 
considered  by  some  writers  to  be  the 
pass  by  which  Hannibal  crossed  the 
Alps,  while  it  was  certainly  traversed 
in  August  1689  by  the  Waldensians 
under  Henri  Arnaud  on  occasion  of 
their  '  Glorieuse  Rentree  '  into  their 
valleys.  This  pass,  which  is  but  little 
used,  is  a  depression  in  the  chain 
separating  the  nearly  parallel  valleys 
j  of  Ambin,  and  that  through  which 
|  the  Mont  Cenis  road  is  carried.  But 
j  this  chain  forms  part  of  the  main 
!  watershed  of  the  Alps,  and  so  the 
j  Petit  Mont  Cenis  is  one  of  the  passes 
j  over  that  range.  Yet,  owing  to  the 
I  formation  of  the  Savine  trough,  the 
Petit  Mont  Cenis  leads,  properly 
speaking,  only  from  the  Ambin  valley 
to  the  plateau  of  the  Mont  Cenis, 
unless  from  the  pass  the  route  is  con- 
tinued up  that  trough,  and  over  the 
Col  de  Clapier,  at  its  head.  Its  posi- 
tion is  thus  very  singular,  and  prac- 
tically the  track  over  it  is  only  useful 
as  enabling  a  traveller  to  gain  the 
Savine  chalets  (for  ascents  or  the  Col 
de  Clapier)  either  from  Bramans, 
from  Lanslebourg,  or  from  the  Mont 
Cenis  plateau  itself.  The  char  road 
continues  from  Les  Planais  (if- 2  hrs. 
above  Bramans  :  see  last  Rte. )  for  a 
short  distance  as  far  as  the  Fesse 
chalets,  whence  as  a  mule  track  it 
mounts  by  a  series  of  stony  zigzags 
the  great  wall  already  mentioned,  at 
the  summit  of  which  the  mule  track 


ROUTE  E.    B RAMANS  OR  THE  MONT  CENIS  TO  SUSA  105 


to  the  pass,  leaving  the  path  to  the 
Savine  chalets  on  the  right,  bends 
slightly  N.W.  to  the  Petit  Mont  Cenis 
(2  hrs.  from  Les  Planais).  The  mule 
track  soon  becomes  once  more  a  char 
road  which  meanders  nearly  at  a  level 
over  pastures  in  a  N.E.  direction  till 
it  joins  the  Mont  Cenis  road  not  far 
from  the  N.W.  end  of  the  Mont 
Cenis  lake,  ij  hr.  suffices  to  reach 
either  the  inn  at  Les  Tavernettes,  or 
the  Mont  Cenis  Pass  itself.  As  that 
pass  may  be  gained  by  the  short  cut 
(Rte.  B)  in  1^  hr.  from  Lanslebourg, 
and  the  Petit  Mont  Cenis  in  if  hr. 
more,  the  Savine  chalets  are  thus 
about  hrs.    from  Lanslebourg, 

while  by  way  of  Les  Planais  3^-4  hrs. 
suffice  to  attain  them  from  Bramans. 
They  may  also  be  reached  from  the 
Mont  Cenis  plateau  by  way  of  the 
Col  Giaset  (2,701  m.,  8,862  ft.), 
reached  by  crossing  a  low  ridge,  and 
mounting  through  a  wild  glen  past 
the  Lago  Nero  and  Lago  Bianco. 
The  Col  leads  to  a  high  shelf  above 
the  Savine  trough,  which  may  be 
gained  at  the  chalets,  or  better  at  the 
Savine  lake  after  a  long  traverse.  But 
this  is  a  long  and  roundabout  route. 

[From  the  chalets  both  the  Roche 
d'Ambin  (3,377  m.,  11,080  ft.)  and 
the  Dents  d'Ambi?i  (3, 382  m. ,  1 1 ,096 
ft. )  may  most  conveniently  be  as- 
cended, at  any  rate  by  a  party  start- 
ing from  the  French  side,  on  which 
the  way  is  far  shorter  than  from  the 
Italian  slope.  The  former  summit  is 
crowned  by  a  great  cairn  built  in  1822 
by  the  Piedmontese  and  Austrian 
engineers  occupied  in  measuring  an 
arc  of  the  mean  parallel.  It  is  easily 
reached  from  the  chalets  in  3.V-4hrs., 
the  best  route  being  to  cross  the  great 
N.  spur  of  the  Dents  d'Ambin,  so  as 
to  traverse  high  above  the  right  side 
of  the  Ambin  valley,  the  ascent  being 
completed  by  the  W.  ridge  ;  it  is  also 
easy  to  reach  it  from  the  Savine  lake 
by  crossing  the  frontier  ridge  some 
way  W.  of  the  Col  de  Clapier,  and 
making  a  traverse  so  as  to  gain  the 
N.E.  ridge,  which  offers  no  diffi- 
culties.   As  pointed  out  in  the  last 


I  Rte.  a  party  coming  from  the  Italian 
side  should  climb  "up  the  rocks  of  the 
E.  face  of  the  peak.  The  panorama 
from  the  summit  is  very  extensive,  the 
principal  feature  being  the  Trois 
Dents  d'Ambin,  some  way  to  the  N.  E. 
These  three  bold  needles  rise  W.  of  the 
Col  de  Clapier,  but  are  all  wholly 
j  in  France,  as  a  small  snow  saddle 
separates  them  from  the  frontier 
;  ridge.  Though  mentioned  by  Saus- 
|  sure  in  1787,  when  describing  the 
I  prospect  from  the  Roche  Michel, 
\  above  the  Mont  Cenis,  and  again  in 
1822-3  by  the  engineers  who  then 
climbed  the  Roche  d'Ambin,  the 
Trois  Dents,  like  Scolette,  long 
escaped  notice,  the  highest  tooth  be- 
ing vanquished  for  the  first  time  by 
i  Signor  Martino  Baretti  in  1875,  a 
week  after  his  successful  attack  on 
Scolette.  The  W.  tooth  is  about 
'  7  m.  (23  ft.)  higher  than  the  E.  one, 
the  latter  being  about  31  m.  (102  ft.) 
higher  than  the  central  point.  From 
the  Savine  lake  (1  hr.  beyond  the 
chalets)  2^  hrs.  suffice  to  clamber  up 
to  the  notch  just  S.  of  the  W.  tooth, 
which  is  gained  in  10  min.  more  by 
steep  but  very  good  rocks  of  the  S.E. 
ridge  and  E.  face.  If  preferred,  the 
same  notch  may  be  attained  by  cross- 
ing the  ridge  N.  of  the  W.  tooth,  and 
then  traversing  the  mountain  slope  in 
a  S.  direction  before  mounting  again. 
It  is  quite  possible  to  climb  all  three 
points  in  a  day,  for  it  is  said  that 
20  min.  suffice  for  the  ascent  of  the 
W.  tooth  itself,  18  min.  for  that  of 
the  Central  tooth,  and  15  more  for 
the  E.  tooth ;  active  climbers  may 
also  include  the  Roche  d'Ambin  in 
the  day's  work,  by  going  from  the 
foot  of  the  E.  tooth  to  the  N.E.  arete, 
as  suggested  above.] 

From  this  lengthy  digression  about 
the  Petit  Mont  Cenis  and  the  two 
chief  summits  of  the  Ambin  Group 
it  is  now  necessary  to  return,  in  order 
to  give  some  description  of  the  Col  de 
Clapier. 

From  the  chalets  of  Savine  to  the 
Col  the  way  does  not  present  the 
slightest   difficulty.    The   ascent  is 


io6  COTTIAN  ALPS.    I.    §7.  AMBIN  DISTRICT 


very  gentle  until  a  somewhat  more 
rapid  rise  leads  to  the  highest  plateau, 
occupied  by  the  Lac  de  Savine, 
2,458  m.,  8,065  ft-  t1  nr-  from  the 
chalets),  whose  dimensions  vary 
according  to  the  seasons.  It  is  just 
at  the  E.  foot  of  the  Dents  d'Ambin. 
t  hr.  farther  (about  5  hrs.  from 
Bramans,  or  4  hrs.  from  the  Mont 
Cenis)  is  the  summit  of  the  Col  de 
Clapier  (2,491  m.,  8,173  ft-) 

[On  the  N.E.  is  the  Mont  Ciusalet 
(3,313  m. ,  10,870  ft.),  which  may  be 
climbed  hence  in  3  hrs.  It  is  easy 
thence  to  reach  the  Mont  Cenis  road 
either  by  passing  over  the  top  of  the 
Cima  di  Bard  (3,150  m.,  10,335  ft.) 
or  by  descending  S.E.  of  the  peak 
through  the  glen  in  which  is  the  Lago 
della  Vecchia.^ 

Like  several  other  passes  in  this 
region  the  Col  de  Clapier  is  men- 
tioned by  the  French  military  topo- 
graphers of  the  eighteenth  century, 
while  Hannibal,  according  to  a  very 
improbable  theory,  and  certainly  the 
Waldensians  in  1689,  traversed  it.  The 
latter  were  compelled  by  the  French 
troops  to  cross  from  Molaretto  over  the 
rough  Col  de  Touilles  to  Exilles. 

The  descent  from  the  Col  towards 
Susa  lies  down  the  uppermost  narrow 
portion  of  the  Cla?-ea  valley,  confined 
between  the  ridge  running  from  the 
Mont  Ciusalet,  on  the  left,  and  the 
spurs  descending  from  the  Roche 
d'Ambin  on  the  right.  In  J  hr. 
the  traveller  reaches  the  little  rocky 
basin  known  as  the  Plan  du  Clapier, 
and  traversed  by  the  Clarea.  The 
view  from  this  point  is  extremely 
interesting.  From  the  verge  of  the 
precipitous  rocks  that  fall  away  im- 
mediately below  him  the  traveller 
sees  the  lower  valley  of  the  Clarea,  or 
Clair -ee,  3,000  feet  beneath  him  ; 
to  the  right  is  the  rugged  range  of 
Touilles,  with  its  curious  aqueduct 
(see  last  Rte.),  and  beyond  it  the 
ranges  that  enclose  the  valley  of  the 
Dora  Riparia  on  the  S.  ;  while  on 


the  left,  above  some  very  steep  rocks, 
are  seen  the  remains  of  an  ancient 
fort.  The  mule  path  winds,  to  the 
left  of  the  waterfalls  formed  by  the 
Clarea,  down  the  Escalier  du  Clapier, 
a  sort  of  chimney  in  the  face  of 
calcareous  schist  rocks,  where  the 
botanist  will  observe  with  interest 
Br  as  sic  a  Richeri,  Sap07iaria  lutea, 
and  other  rare  species.  On  a  little 
terrace  midway  is  a  quaintly  perched 
hut. 

In  2  hrs.  from  the  Col  a  group 
of  huts  named  Molaretto  (not  to  be 
confounded  with  the  hamlet  of  the 
same  name  on  the  Mont  Cenis 
road  :  see  Rte.  B)  is  gained.  The 
valley,  which  here  opens  out  for  a 
while,  soon  narrows  again.  It  is 
possible  to  keep  through  this  glen 
by  a  track  high  above  the  left  bank 
of  the  Clarea.  But  the  direct  way  to 
Susa  follows  a  very  ancient  water- 
course, designed  to  irrigate  the  slopes 
round  Jaillon,  which  would  other- 
wise be  bare  and  barren.  The  path 
lies  along  the  bank  or  sustaining  wall 
of  this  watercourse,  which  in  some 
places  is  carried  along  the  face  of 
seemingly  vertical  rocks.  Even  in 
places  where  the  rock  is  partly 
j  hollowed  to  form  a  channel  for  the 
I  water  there  is  no  real  difficulty  in 
passing,  but  this  way  should  not  be 
i  undertaken  by  persons  with  weak  or 
uncertain  heads.  The  passage  of  the 
watercourse  lasts  nearly  1  hr. ,  and 
beyond  it  fertile  meadows  lead  to  the 
high  road  of  the  Mont  Cenis  near 
Jaillon,  or  Giaglione  (3 J-  hrs.  from 
the  Col),  which  is  3  m.  from 
Susa, 

'  The  way  from  Savine  to  Susa  may  be 
varied  by  climbing  the  slopes  E.  of  the 
Lac  de  Savine  to  the  crest  of  the  ridge 
dividing  the  Clarea  from  the  Cenise, 
and  then  descending  along  that  ridge 

■   to  the  Mont  Cenis  road  above  Jaillon. 

I  This  route  commands  fine  views  of 
the  Rochemelon  and  of  the  Susa 

I  valley.5  (W.  M.) 


1 


c 


107 


CHAPTER  III.  . 
DAUPHINE  ALPS.    (COTTIAN  ALPS.  II.) 


Section  8. 
Aiguilles  d'Arves  District. 
Route. 

A.  Grenoble  to  Brian 9011  by  the  Col  du 

Lautaret. 

B.  St.  Michel   de   Maurienne  to  La 

Grave.  Ascent  of  the  Aiguilles 
dArves. 

C.  La  Grave  to  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne. 

D.  Bourg  d'Oisans   to   St.    Jean  de 

Maurienne. 

E.  Bourg  d'Oisans  to  La  Chambre. 

Ascent  of  the  Grandes  Rousses. 

F.  Grenoble  or  Chambery  to  Allevard. 

Excursions  and  Passes  from  Alle- 
vard. 

G.  Allevard  to  Bourg  d'Oisans.  The 

Sept  Laux. 

H.  Allevard  to  La  Chambre. 

I.  Grenoble   to    Uriage.     Ascent  of 

Belledonne. 

Section  9. 
Pelvoux  District. 

Route. 

A.  Bourg  d'Oisans    to   La  B6rarde. 

Valley  of  the  V£n6on. 

B.  Excursions  and  Ascents  from  La 

Berarde. 

C.  Ven6on  Valley  to  La  Grave  and  the 

Lautaret  Road. 

D.  La  Berarde  to  Vallouise. 

E.  V6n£on  Valley  to  the  Valgaudemar. 


Route. 

F.  V£n£on  Valley  to  the  Valjouffrey. 

G.  Briancon  to  Vallouise.     Ascent  of 

the  Mont  Pelvoux. 

H.  Vallouise  to  La  Grave. 

I.  Vallouise  to  Monetier. 

K.  Vallouise  to  the  Valgaudemar. 

L.  Vallouise  to  Gap   or  Embrun  by 

Champol^on  or  Orcieres. 
M.  Valgaudemar  to  Champoteon. 
N.  Grenoble  to  Bourg  d'Oisans  by  La 

Mure. 

O.  La  Mure  to  the  Valgaudemar  by 
the  Valjouffrey  and  Valsenestre. 

P.  Corps  to  Grenoble  by  the  Devoluy, 
the  Vercors,  and  the  Royannais. 
The  French  Dolomites. 

Q.  Briancon  to  Grenoble  by  Gap. 

Section  10. 
Grande  Chartreuse  District. 
Route. 

A.  Culoz   to   Chambery  by  Aix  les 

Bains.    Lake  of  Bourget. 

B.  Grenoble  to  Chambery  by  the  Left 

Bank  of  the  Isere. 

C.  Grenoble  to  Chambery  by  the  Right 

Bank  of  the  Isere. 

D.  Grenoble  or  Chambery  to  the  Grande 

Chartreuse. 

E.  ChambeYy  to  Lyons  or  Grenoble  by 

Aiguebelette  and  Pont  de  Beau- 
voisin. 


The  extensive  mountain  region 
which  lies  between  the  principal 
ridge  of  the  Cottian  Alps  (described 
in  Chapter  II.)  and  the  valley  of 
the  Rhone  occupies  nearly  the  whole 
of  the  ancient  province  of  the  Dau- 
phine,  whose  limits  correspond  to  the 
three  modern  departments  of  the 
Drome,  the  Isere,  and  the  Hautes 


Alpes.  The  first  and  most  westerly 
of  these,  lying  between  the  Rhone 
and  the  Drac,  is  traversed  by  moun- 
tain ranges,  chiefly  calcareous,  of 
which  but  two  or  three  summits  ex- 
ceed 7,000  ft.  in  height.  It  is  rarely 
visited  by  foreign  travellers,  though 
it  contains  much  picturesque  and 
pleasing  scenery,  which  is  not,  how- 


io8 


DAUPHINE  ALPS.    (COTTIAN  ALPS.  II.) 


ever,  sufficiently  Alpine  to  fall  within 
the  scope  of  this  work,  save  for  the 
brief  indications  given  in  §  9.  Rte.  P. 
The  higher  mountains,  or  Dauphine 
Alps  proper,  are  included  within  the 
two  departments  of  the  Isere  and  the 
Hautes-Alpes,  but  in  this  Chapter 
only  the  main  mass  is  described, 
the  glens  E.  of  the  Durance  valley 
being  more  conveniently  placed  in 
Chapter  II.,  §§  3-6.  This  mass  is, 
as  stated  in  the  Introduction  to  the 
preceding  Chapter,  separated  from 
the  principal  ridge  of  the  Cottians  by 
the  valley  of  the  Durance  and  of 
its  tributary  the  Guisane,  which  rises 
in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Mont 
Thabor.  The  entire  mass  is  deeply 
cut  through  by  the  valley  of  the 
Romanche,  through  which  the  most 
direct  route  (but  not  now  the  short- 
est, in  consequence  of  the  railway 
by  Gap)  runs  from  Grenoble  to 
Briancon,  crossing  from  the  valley  of 
the  Romanche  to  that  of  the  Guisane 
branch  of  the  Durance  valley  by  the 


comparatively 


low 


(2,075 


6,808  ft.)  pass  of  the  Col  du  Lau- 
taret. 

The  Dauphine  Alps  described 
in  this  Chapter  fall  into  three 
groups.  The  loftiest  and  most  ex- 
tensive of  the  three  is  that  lying  S. 
of  the  Romanche  and  Guisane 
valleys,  which  we  shall  call,  from  its 
best  known,  though  not  its  highest, 
peak,  the  Pelvoux  District  (§  9). 
No  part  of  the  Alps  is  so  nearly  iso- 
lated as  this  huge  mass,  since,  save 
for  the  isthmus  of  the  Col  du 
Lautaret,  it  is  completely  enclosed 
on  the  N.  by  the  Romanche  and 
Guisane  valleys,  on  the  E.  by  that  of 
the  Durance,  and  on  the  S.  and  W.  by 
the  valley  of  the  Drac,  which  is  con- 
nected with  that  of  the  Durance  by 
the  Col  de  la  Croix  Haute,  over 
which  is  carried  the  railway  from 
Grenoble  by  Gap  to  Embrun  (§  9. 
Rte.  Q). 

The  next  most  considerable  group 
of  the  Dauphine  Alps  is  that  lying  N. 
of  the  Romanche  valley,  limited  on 
the  E.  by  the  Col  du  Galibier  (over 


which  there  is  now  a  good  char  road), 
on  the  N.  by  the  valley  of  the  Arc, 
and  on  the  W.  by  the  Graisivaudan 
or  Isere  valley,  between  Montmelian 
and  Grenoble.  It  is  called  in  these 
pages  the  Aiguilles  d'Arves  District 
(§8),  from  the  name  of  the  highest 
peaks  comprised  in  it,  but  it  also 
includes  the  ranges  of  the  Grandes 
Rousses,  of  Allevard,  and  of  Belle- 
donne.  In  many  ways  it  may  serve  as 
an  approach  or  gate  of  entry  to  the 
mightier  Pelvoux  group,  of  which  it 
commands  most  superb  views. 

The  last  of  the  three  groups 
brought  together  in  this  Chapter  is 
that  composed  of  the  ranges  round 
the  monastery  of  the  Grande  Char- 
treuse (§  10),  on  the  W.  of  the 
Graisivaudan  valley.  Though  re- 
sembling in  point  of  scenery,  height, 
and  geological  character  the  hills  of 
the  Drome  rather  than  the  more 
Alpine  groups  of  the  Pelvoux  and 
Aiguilles  d'Arves,  it  yet  is  well  worth 
visiting  (especially  in  early  summer 
or  autumn),  apart  from  the  historical 
associations  which  gather  round  the 
great  religious  house  which  lies  erv 
bosomed  in  its  midst. 

The  Chartreuse  group  wTas  for  long 
the  best  known  and  most  visited  of 
the  three  into  which  we  have  divided 
the  Dauphine  Alps.  But  of  late 
years  the  others  have  received  much 
attention,  for  their  natural  attractions 
are  of  a  high  order.  Looking  to  the 
height  of  the  principal  peaks,  and 
the  grandeur  of  the  rock  and  glacier 
scenery,  the  Dauphine  Alps  (the 
name  given  to  the  Pelvoux  group  par 
excellence)  rank  next  after  the 
Pennine  and  Bernese  Alps,  and  some 
of  the  higher  valleys  are  scarcely  to 
be  matched  anywhere  for  wild  and 
savage  sublimity.  They  were  visited, 
first,  by  a  few  foreign  men  of 
science,  such  as  the  botanist  Villars, 
and  the  geologists  Elie  de  Beaumont 
and  Lory,  while  as  far  back  as  1749- 
1754  General  Bourcet  made  surveys 
on  the  spot  for  his  great  map  of  the 
country  (mainly  designed  for  military 
purposes,  and  still  in  certain  points 


INTRODUCTION 


109 


unsurpassed),  and  in  1830  another  I 
surveyor,  Captain  Durand,  attained 
the  highest  basin  of  the  Mont  Pel- 
voux.  The  Lautaret,  too,  was 
crossed  by  a  few  stray  English 
travellers.  But  it  was  not  till  184 1 
that  a  beginning  was  made  of  the 
exploration  of  the  higher  glacier 
passes.  This  was  done  by  the  late 
Principal  J.  D.  Forbes,  who,  how- 
ever, hid  his  remarks  away  in  an 
appendix  to  a  book  on  Norway,  so 
that  they  are  not  as  well  known  as 
they  deserve  to  be.  In  1855  Mr. 
Blackstone  traversed  the  Col  de  la 
Lauze,  and  in  1858  Mr.  Nichols  the 
Col  de  la  Temple.  But  it  was  only 
from  i860  to  1865  that  the  systematic 
examination  of  the  higher  Dauphine 
Alps  was  undertaken.  Hence  the 
names  of  Mr.  W.  Mathews,  Prof. 
T.  G.  Bonney,  Mr.  Whymper,  Mr. 
F.  F.  Tuckett,  Mr.  H.  Walker, 
and  Mr.  A.  W.  Moore  should  be  held 
in  honour  by  all  interested  in  the 
gradual  '  discovery  '  of  the  Dauphine 
Alps.  The  early  explorers,  however, 
devoted  themselves  lather  to  the 
piercing  of  the  mountain  ranges  by 
passes  than  to  the  ascent  of  the  higher 
peaks,  the  conquests  of  the  N.  sum- 
mit of  the  Grandes  Rousses  (1863) 
and  of  the  Pointe  des  Ecrins  (1864), 
the  culminating  point  of  the  entire 
mass,  being  nearly  the  only  excep- 
tions to  this  rule. 

The  task  of  later  explorers  was 
greatly  facilitated  by  the  publica- 
tion in  1866  and  1876  of  the  two 
sheets  of  the  French  Ordnance  map 
Uo<Joo)  wnicn  represent  this  part  of 
the  Alps.  In  June,  1870,  Mr.  Coolidge 
visited  the  Dauphine  Alps  for  the 
first  time,  and  turned  his  attention 
chiefly  to  the  peaks  of  Dauphine. 
From  1873  onwards  the  minute 
exploration  of  these  Alps  was  carried 
on  by  a  small  band  of  mountaineers, 
among  whom  we  may  name  Mr. 
Coolidge,  Mr.  Frederick  Gardiner, 
and  Mr.  R.  Pendlebury,  together 
with  a  few  French  climbers,  such  as 
MM.  F.  Perrin,  H.  Duhamel,  P. 
Guillemin,  and  P.  Moisson.  Gra- 


dually they  vanquished  all  the  con- 
spicuous peaks,  and  explored  many 
high  passes,  some,  indeed,  of  but 
little  practical  utility. 

By  1887  this  second  period  of 
exploration  may  be  said  to  have  come 
to  an  end,  though  many  details  re- 
mained, and  even  still  remain,  to  be 
filled  in,  in  order  to  complete  the  mi- 
nute knowledge  of  the  country.  In  that 
year  a  really  good  mountain  inn  was 
opened  by  the  energetic  *  Societe 
des  Touristes  du  Dauphine '  at  La 
Berarde,  the  natural  climbing  centre 
of  the  district ;  while  Mr.  Coolidge, 
with  MM.  Perrin  and  Duhamel, 
published  a  '  Guide  du  Haut-Dau- 
phine,'  specially  written  for  climbers, 
which  was  followed  two  years  later 
by  the  issue  of  some  most  admirable 
and  exact  maps  of  the  Pelvoux 
group,  due  to  the  unremitting  labours 
of  M.  Duhamel. 

Before  1887  the  Dauphine  inns 
enjoyed  a  reputation  which  was  not 
adapted  to  encourage  travellers  to 
remain  in  them  longer  than  they 
could  possibly  help.  Many  Club 
huts,  indeed,  had  been  built,  but 
not  a  few  of  these  (especially  in  the 
Department  of  the  Hautes-Alpes) 
were  allowed  to  go  to  ruin.  Since 
1887  the  Dauphine  inns  have  been 
vastly  improved  (save  in  some  of  the 
outlying  valleys),  and  every  year  sees 
a  steady  and  rapid  advance.  Bourg 
d'Oisans,  La  Grave,  the  Lautaret, 
Briancon  now  possess  hotels  with 
many  modern  conveniences  and  even 
luxuries,  while  the  recent  opening  of 
the  steam  tramway  from  Vizille  to 
Bourg  d'Oisans,  the  railway  from 
Grenoble  by  Gap  to  Briancon,  the 
well- organised  services  of  diligences 
of  the  modern  type  on  the  Lautaret 
and  Galibier  roads,  help  to  make 
communications  easy,  and  so  to 
diminish  the  fatigue  of  getting  from 
the  plains  into  the  mountains. 
There  are,  too,  now  a  few  really  good 
native  guides,  especially  at  St. 
Christophe  and  La  Grave  ;  but  from 
want  mainly  of  experience  in  other 
parts  of  the  Alps  these  men  are  far 


no 


DAUPHINE  ALPS.    (COTTIAN  ALPS.  II.) 


better  as  rock-climbers  than  as  glacier 
guides,  and  the  traveller  is  still 
advised  to  insist  on  the  usual  pre- 
cautions being  taken  on  ice  and 
snow.  In  time,  no  doubt,  the 
Dauphine  cragsmen  will  acquire  a 
competent  knowledge  of  snow  craft. 
A  tariff  for  all  the  principal  climbs 
has  been  published  by  the  above- 
mentioned  S.T.D. ,  which  issues 
licences  to  the  guides  and  porters 
whom  it  has  approved. 

In  1892  Mr.  Coolidge  and  his  col- 
leagues put  forth  a  thoroughly  revised 
English  edition  of  their  book,  under 
the  title  of  '  The  Central  Alps  of  the 
Dauphiny '  ( 'Climbers'  Guides '  Series), 
accompanied  by  a  corrected  edition 
of  M.  Duhamel's  maps.  This  book 
should  be  consulted  for  further  details 
than  can  be  given  in  these  pages  as 
to  all  climbs  in  the  Pelvoux  group, 
and  also  in  the  Aiguilles  d'Arves 
group  between  the  Col  du  Galibier 
and  the  Olle  valley.  The  original 
French  work  (to  which  a  supplement 
was  issued  in  1890)  must,  however, 
still  be  referred  to  for  the  old  names 
of  peaks  and  passes,  quotations  from 
old  topographical  authorities,  and  a 
complete  list  of  books  and  maps  re- 
lating to  the  district.  For  the  Alle- 
vard  and  Belledonne  ranges  Joanne's 
'  Alpes  Dauphinoises,' vol.  i.  (1890), 
will  give  all  necessary  information, 
while  Joanne's  'Dauphine'  (1898) 
contains  a  general  account  of  the 
whole  district.  The  valleys  E.  of  the 
Durance  are  included  in  Chapter  II. , 
§§  3-6,  of  the  present  work.  For  the 
Chartreuse,  and  its  surroundings, 
Joanne  is  the  best  general  book, 
but  may  be  supplemented  by  the 
local  guide-books  mentioned  in  §  10. 
Rte.  D. 

The  Briancon  (No.  189)  and  St. 
Jean  de  Maurienne  (No.  179)  sheets 
of  the  great  French  map  (§0^00)  in~ 
elude  most  of  the  ranges  described  in 
this  Chapter,  with  the  Grenoble  (No. 
178)  and  Vizille  (No.  188)  sheets  for 
some  of  the  minor  ridges.  It  is  said 
that  the  1^00  maP  ( Carte  du  Service 
Vicinal)  is  more  accurate  (though  by 


no  means  perfect)  as  regards  the 
Belledonne  group. 

It  has  been  stated  that  the  earlier 
part  of  the  summer  should  be  pre- 
ferred for  climbs  in  the  Pelvoux  dis- 
trict, because  snow  then  lies  in  gullies 
and  on  slopes  which  are  scarcely 
accessible  without  its  aid.  But  this 
statement  is  only  exact  to  a  very 
limited  extent,  though  of  course  in 
the  height  of  the  summer  there  is  here, 
as  in  other  parts '  of  the  Alps,  less 
snow  than  early  in  the  season.  It 
must  not,  however,  be  supposed  that 
spring  snow  melts  faster  in  Dauphine 
than  in  portions  of  the  Alpine  chain 
further  to  the  N. ,  as  this  most  certainly 
is  not  the  case.  The  district,  however, 
!  seems  to  rejoice  in  more  steady  fine 
j  weather  than  other  districts,  and 
1  early  visitors  will  be  enchanted  by 
the  richness  and  beauty  of  the  flora, 
I  especially  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
the  Lautaret. 


SECTION  8. 

AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT. 

Two  streams  unite  at  Briancon  to 
form  the  Durance.   One,  the  Clairee, 
which  is  the  main  source  of  that  river, 
flows  in  from  the  N.W.,  having  risen 
in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Mont 
Thabor.    The  ridges  which  enclose 
it  have  been  described  in  §  6.  Rtes.  D 
and  E.     The  other,  the  Guisane, 
j   runs  in  also  from  the  N.  W. ,  but  has  its 
i   origin  further  W.,  near  the  Lautaret 
;   and  Galibier  passes.  These  last-named 
I   passes  form  the  S.  and  E.  limits  re- 
|   spectively  of  the  district  described  in 
the  present  Section.    The  valley  of 
:   the  Arc  on  the  N. ,  and  that  of  Graisi- 
I   vaudan  on  the  W. ,  are  the  other  boun- 
daries.   The  ranges  enclosed  within 
these  limits  are  really  the  most  westerly 
outliers   of  the   Cottian  Alps,  and 
indeed  of  the  entire  Alpine  chain. 
But  they  have  no  one  centre,  and  are. 


§  8.  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT 


in  these  pages,  grouped  together  I 
simply  for  reasons  of  practical  con- 
venience.  In  olden  days  they  formed  | 
the  line  of  division  between  Dauphine 
and  Savoy,  and  the  highest  summits, 
besides  many  minor  ones,  are  on  the 
Savoy  side  of  the  watershed.  Yet,  as 
they  are  usually  attacked  from  the 
Dauphine  side,  they  may  be  included, 
without  confusing  the  reader,  among 
the  Dauphine  Alps,  which  are  the 
subject  of  this  Chapter.  Many  tra- 
vellers, too,  approach  the  higher 
peaks  of  Dauphine  over  the  peaks 
and  passes  of  this  group,  which  for 
want  of  a  better  name  may  take  that 
of  its  loftiest  summits. 

As  has  been  pointed  out  already,  j 
these  ranges  are  made  up  of  several  ! 
more  or  less  independent  clusters  of 
mountains.    Three,  or  even  four,  may 
fee  distinguished. 

1.  The  most  easterly  of  these  in- 
cludes the  ridges  between  the  Col  du 
Galibier   and    the    Col    des  Pres 
Nouveaux,  or,  in  other  words,  between  j 
the   Valloirette  and  Arvan  torrents,  j 
It  includes  the  Aiguilles  d'Arves, 
three   rock  pinnacles   so  extremely 
steep  as  to  be  nearly  clear  of  snow,  j 
the  Central  (3,511  m.,    11,520  ft.) 
and  Southern  (3,509  m.,   11,513  ft.)  j 
points  being  the  highest  summits  de-  j 
scribed  in  the  present  Section.  They 
lie  nearly  N.  of  La  Grave,  but  are  j 
wholly  on  the  Savoy  side  of  the  water- 
shed.   From   these   points   a  high 
ridge  extends  to  the  N.  between  the 
Valloirette   and   Arvan  torrents,  of 
which  the  Grande  Chible  (2,936  m., 
9,633  ft.)  is  the  N.  end. 

2.  Next  comes  the  range  of  the 
Grandes  Rousses  (3,473  m.,  11,395 
ft. ),  which  stretches  in  a  long  snow-  | 
clad  ridge,  with  many  glaciers,  from 
N.  to  S.  between  the  Col  des  Pres 
Nouveaux  and  the  winding  course  of 
the  Olle  on  the  W.  This  range  in- 
cludes by  far  the  most  extensive  snow 
fields  in  the  entire  district,  as  there 
are  but  two  small  glaciers  on  the  E. 
side  of  the  Aiguilles  d'Arves,  and  the 
snow  basin  of  the  Glacier  Lombard  on 
their  S. 


3.  W.  of  the  Grandes  Rousses,  and 
separated  from  them  by  the  valley  of 
the  Olle,  is  a  lofty,  but  much  longer, 
ridge.  This  extends  parallel  to  the 
course  of  the  Isere  on  the  W.  from 
Vizille  nearly  to  Aiguebelle,  and  its 
influence  on  the  direction  of  the 
valleys  is  seen  in  the  bend  which  the 
Arc  makes  to  the  N. ,  and  the 
Romanche  to  the  S.,  before  they 
respectively  join  the  Isere.  The  Col 
de  la  Coche  and  the  plateau  of  the 
Sept  Laux  really  subdivide  this  group 
into  two  distinct  portions.  That  on 
the  N.  and  E.  may  be  roughly  de- 
scribed as  the  mountains  around 
Allevard,  of  which  the  highest  sum- 
mits are  the  Puy  Gris  (2,992  m., 
9,816  ft.)  and  the  Rocher  Blanc 
(2,931m.,  9,617  ft.),  while  the  Pic  du 
Frene  (2,808  m.,  9,213  ft.)  is  the  last 
lofty  peak  at  the  N.  end  of  the  ridge. 
S.W.  of  the  Col  de  la  Coche  and  W. 
of  the  middle  bit  of  the  Olle  glen  is 
the  tangled  cluster  of  peaks  cul- 
minating in  Belledonne  (2,981  m., 
9,781  ft.),  which  is  also  their  best 
known  summit. 

All  these  ranges  are  described  in 
succession  in  the  following  Section — 
the  Aiguilles  d'Arves  group  in  Rtes.  B 
and  C,  that  of  the  Grandes  Rousses  in 
Rtes.  D  and  E,  and  the  Allevard 
mountains  in  Rtes.  F,  G,  and  H, 
while  Rte.  I  is  devoted  to  Belle- 
donne and  its  neighbours.  It  is  also 
most  convenient  to  include  in  this 
Section  accounts  of  the  Col  du  Lau- 
taret  (Rte.  A),  its  S.  boundary,  and 
of  the  Col  du  Galibier  (Rte.  B),  its 
E.  limit.  The  valley  of  the  Arc 
(N.  limit)  is  described  in  §  7. 
Rtes.  A  and  B,  and  the  Graisivaudan 
(W,  limit)  in  §  10.  Rtes.  B  and  C. 
§  9  is  taken  up  with  the  main  mass 
of  the  high  Dauphine  peaks,  which 
form  a  great  mountain  peninsula, 
linked  to  the  rest  by  the  isthmus  of 
the  Col  du  Lautaret. 


ii2    DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §8.  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT 


Route  A. 

GRENOBLE    TO    BRIANCON    BY  THE 
COL  DU  LAUTARET. 

M. 


Vizille  station   .  .  9 

Vizille  (town)    .  .11 

Sechilienne  .  .  14 
RochetailMe-Allemont  26 

La  Paute-Ornon  .  28k 

Bourg  d'Oisans.  .    30  j 

Pont  St.  Guillerme  .    33  V 

Le  Freney .       .  .38 

Le  Dauphin      .  .  40 

La  Grave  .       .  .46 

Villard  d'Arene.  .  48 

Col  du  Lautaret  .  53 

Le  Lauzet .       .  -55 

Monetier  les  Bains  .  595 

Briancon  .       .  .69 


Railway  to  Vizille  station  in  about  : 
25  min.  ;  thence  steam  tramway  to 
Bourg  d'Oisans  in  about  2  hrs.,  and 
by  breaks  over  the  col  in  8^-9 h  hrs. 
(reverse  direction,  8  hrs.)  to  Briancon 
station  (including  1  hr.  halt  for 
lunch). 

Grenoble  (215  m.,  705  ft.),  the 
ancient  capital  of  Dauphine,  and  the 
present  capital  of  the  department  of 
the  Isere,  as  well  as  a  fortress  of  the 
first  class,  stands  on  the  Isere.  a  little 
above  its  junction  with  the  Drac,  into 
which,  some  way  S.,  near  Vizille,  the 
Romanche  (coming  from  the  Col  du 
Lautaret)  has  poured  its  muddy 
waters.  No  city  in  France  and  scarce 
any  other  in  Europe  enjoys  so  fine  a 
position  as  Grenoble,  which  lies  in  a 
plain  at  the  meeting  point  of  three 
great  valleys,  and  is  surrounded  on 
all  sides  by  mountains.  Of  these  the 
most  conspicuous  are  Belledonne 
on  the  E.,  Taillefer,  with  its  two 
humps,  on  the  S.E.,  and  the  Moucke- 
rotte  on  the  S.,  while  to  the  N.  the 
picturesquely  placed  fortifications 
climb  from  the  ancient  quarter  of 
St.  Laurent  (the  original  town)  up 
the  heights  of  the  Mont  Rachais,  the 
last  spur  of  the  ranges  of  the  Grande 
Chartreuse.  The  city  has  about  64, 000 
inhabitants,  and  its  chief  manufacture 
is  kid  gloves  (*  gants  Jouvin  ?),  while 


there  are  important  factories  of  Port- 
land cement.  For  further  particulars 
as  to  this  pleasant  city  the  traveller 
should  refer  to  M.  Duhamel's  handy 
4  Grenoble  considere  comme  Centre 
d'Excursions  Alpestres '  (1893),  or  the 
'Excursions  dans  le  Dauphine,' 
issued  by  the  'Syndicat  dTnitiative 
de  Grenoble  '  (at  the  office  of  which, 
2  Rue  Montorge,  and  corner  of  the 
Place  Grenette,  the  centre  of  the 
town,  information  is  readily  given  gratis 
to  all  strangers,  who  may  also  there 
purchase  tickets  for  various  circular 
tours  in  the  environs),  or  Joanne's 
'  Alpes  Dauphinoises,'  vol.  i.  (1890), 
and  his  1  Dauphine  '  (1898). 

Grenoble  is  an  admirable  centre 
for  excursions.  That  to  the  Grande 
Chartreuse  is  described  in  s>  10. 
Rte.  D,  the  ascent  of  Belle- 
donne from  Uriage  in  Rte.  I.  below, 
the  neighbourhood  of  Allevard  in 
Rtes.  F  and  G,  below,  and  the 
ascent  of  the  Taillefer  in  the  pre- 
sent Rte.  But  the  finest  mountain 
ascent  which  can  be  made  hence  in 
one  day  up  and  down  ( 10  hrs.  in  all)  is 
that  of  the  Moucherotte  (1,906  m., 
6,253  ft. ),  which  forms  so  conspicuous 
a  feature  in  the  view  to  the  S. 
St.  Nizier  is  the  best  starting  point 
for  the  actual  climb,  and  may  be 
gained  by  char  road  from  Grenoble 
by  Seyssinet,  and  the  Tour  Sans 
Venin  in  3|  hrs.,  or  by  a  longer 
route  past  Sassenage  to  Engins 
(9m.),  in  the  gorges  of  the  same  name 
(see  Rte.  P),  whence  a  foot  path  leads 
over  to  St.  Nizier  by  the  Pas  du  Care 
in  i\  hr.  (There  are  foot  paths  from 
Seyssinet  which  are  both  shorter  and 
more  picturesque  than  the  new  road. ) 
From  St.  Nizier  a  point  W.  of  and  be- 
low the  Ravix  farmhouse  is  reached  in 
\  hr. ,  and  by  a  steep  path  the  pretty 
6  prairie  du  Volant  '  in  another  |  hr. 
The  path,  henceforth  indicated  by 
signposts,  mounts  through  a  chimney, 
then  by  pastures,  and  finally  reaches 
the  summit  from  the  W.  (2§  hrs. 
from  St.  Nizier. )  The  view  includes 
the  whole  of  the  Dauphine  Alps,  as 
well  as  Mont  Blanc  and  the  Taren- 


ROUTE  A.    GRENOBLE  TO  BRIANCON 


taise,  while  the  plain  of  Grenoble  lies 
unrolled  at  the  spectator's  feet.  This 
excursion  cannot  be  too  highly  recom- 
mended. 

As  stated  above  Grenoble  is  situ- 
ated at  the  meeting  point  of  three  j 
valleys,  and  these  afford  the  easiest 
means  of  approach  by  three  main 
lines  of  railway  (not  to  speak  of  some 
local  branches).    On  the  N.  W.  is  the 
line  to  Lyons  (75  m.),  by  which 
Grenoble  is  reached  from  Paris  in  j 
12-14  hrs.    On   the  N.E.    is  that  j 
(3o|m.)to  Montmelian(§  10.  Rte.  B), 
where  the  main  line  from  Geneva  to 
Turin  is  joined.    To  the  S.  is  the 
mountain  line  (§  9.  Rte.  Q)  to  Veynes 
(69  m.),  whence  one  branch  leads  to  j 
Marseilles   (121  m.),    and  another 
(§  9.  Rte.  Q)  to  Gap  (16  m.)  and  j 
Briancon  (51  m.  from  Gap).    It  is 
this  last-named  line  that  a  traveller  j 
must  follow  for  a  short  way,  if  bound 
for  the  Col  du  Lautaret. 

The  head   of  the  valley  of  the 
Durance  is  reached  from  the  Italian 
side  by  lower  and  easier  passes  than  ■ 
any  which  traverse  the  main  chain  I 
of  the  Alps  between  the  Tyrol  and  j 
the  Mediterranean.    But  to  reach  it 
from  Grenoble  it  is  necessary  either  1 
to  cross  the  Dauphine  Alps,  inter- 
vening between  the  Isere  and  the  upper 
Durance,  or  to  make  a  long  circuit  j 
by  the  valley  of  the  Drac  and  Gap. 
This  circuit  is  actually  made  by  the 
railway,  which  runs  from  Grenoble  j 
over  the  Col  de  la  Croix  Haute  and  by  j 
Gap  to  Briancon  (136  m.  of  very  hilly 
ground,  covered  in  7^-8  hrs. — Rte.Q). 
But  the  direct  route  is  by  the  carriage 
road  over  the  Col  du  Lautaret,  de- 
scribed in  this  Rte.    That  Col,  how- 
ever, is  considerably  higher  than  the 
Mont  Genevre  (by  which  Briancon  is 
best  reached  from  Turin  :  see  §  6. 
Rte.  A),  and  is  approached  on  the  W. 
side  by  the  valley  of  the  Romanche, 
beset  with  formidable   obstacles  to 
the  construction  of  a  road.    The  old 
Roman  track  passed  along  the  heights 
above  the  gorges  :  the  new  road  was 
begun   by   the   great   Napoleon  in 
1808,  but  constructed   at  irregular 


intervals,  and  only  completed  by 
Napoleon  III.  in  1861.  It  may  vie 
with  the  most  celebrated  Alpine 
passes  in  point  of  wild  and  striking 
scenery  visible  from  the  road,  and  for 
the  remarkable  engineering  works  by 
which  the  difficulties  of  the  under- 
taking have  been  surmounted. 

On  leaving  Grenoble  the  line  to 
Vizille  runs  in  a  S.  direction,  parallel 
for  a  time  with  the  fine  boulevard  of 
the  Cours  St.  Andre,  to  the  station 
of  Pont  de  Claix  (5  m. ),  where  there 
is  a  remarkable  bridge,  built  in  161 1, 
from  the  parapets  of  which  a  fine  view 
of  the  surrounding  mountain  ranges 
may  be  gained.    The  line  now  turns 
S.E. ,  and  passes  the  junction  of  the 
Drac  and  the  Romanche  a  little  before 
reaching  the  station  of  Vizille  (9  m. 
from  Grenoble).     Here  the  railway 
to  Veynes  is  quitted  for  the  new  steam 
tramway  (another  leads  to  Uriage  : 
see  Rte.  I),  which  in  2  m.  reaches 
the  town  of  Vizille,  after  passing 
through   a   narrow    gorge    of  the 
Romanche.    The  old   Chateau  was 
much  enlarged  and  adorned  ( 1610-23) 
by  the  famous  Constable  Lesdiguieres, 
though  a  wing  was  burnt  in  1865. 
In  1788  the  tennis  court  in  this  castle 
was  the  scene  of  the  great  meeting  of 
the  deputies  of  the  Dauphine,  sitting 
without  distinction  of  ranks,  who  de- 
manded the  calling  together  of  the 
Etats  Generaux  of  France,  and  thus 
took  the  first  step  towards  the  French 
Revolution.    The  Perier  family  (who 
sold  it  in  1895)  established  in  it  an 
extensive  factory  for  cotton  spinning, 
&c. ,  which  employed  1,500  persons. 
The  tramway  runs  through  the  narrow 
streets  of  Vizille  and  keeps  along  the 
right  bank  of  the  Romanche,  gradu- 
|   ally  turning  E.  through  a  deep  gorge. 
1   In  a  green  basin  is  Sechilienne  (3  m. 
I   from  the  town  of  Vizille). 
j       [This  is  the  usual  starting  point 
;   for  the  ascent  of  Taillefer  (2,861  m. , 
j   9,387     ft.),    which     commands  a 
j   most   admirable     view   of  all  the 
Dauphine  Alps,    small  and  great. 
!   A  char  road  goes  in  1  m.  to  St. 
j   Bartkelemi,  whence    a    mule  path 


H4    DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §8.  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT 


leads  up  in  less  than  3  hrs.  to 
La  Morte  (1,420  m.,  4,659  ft.),  a 
small  hamlet  near  which  the  '  Societe 
des  Touristes  du  Dauphin  e 5  has 
built  a  little  inn  for  the  use  of  travel- 
lers. Hence  4-4J  hrs.  are  required 
to  reach  the  summit.  The  track 
mounts  E.  by  meadows,  brushwood, 
and  pine  forests  to  the  upper  pastures, 
and  gains  the  Pravourey  lake.  A  bad 
path  strikes  across  rocky  slopes  to  the 
deserted  mine  of  Brouffier,  easily 
found,  owing  to  its  yellow  colour.  A 
ridge  is  crossed  to  the  Emay  ravine 
(here  falls  in  the  way  from  Lavaldens  : 
see  §  9.  Rte.  N.  b),  the  ridge  on  the  1. 
(or  E.)  side  of  which  is  climbed  by 
stones  and  snow  to  the  top  of  the 
peak.  It  is  perfectly  easy  to  go 
straight  down  from  the  depression 
between  the  two  summits  (J  hr.  from 
the  higher)  by  snow  and  a  stony 
couloir  to  the  picturesque,  lake- 
dotted  pasture  plateau  on  the  N.  of 
Taillefer  (there  is  a  pretty  mule  path 
from  the  Poursollet  lake  to  Gavet,  in 
the  Romanche  valley).  The  smaller 
lakes  can  be  gained  in  less  than  an 
hour  from  the  depression  (under 
favourable  circumstances),  and  thence 
paths  on  either  side  of  the  torrent 
(those  on  the  1.  bank  are  shorter 
but  steeper)  lead  down  in  ij-ij  hr. 
to  the  village  of  Ornon,  a  little  above 
the  hamlet  of  La  Palud,  which  is  4J  m. 
by  char  road  (coming  from  the  Col 
d'Ornon  :  see  §  9.  Rte.  N)  from 
Bourg  d'Oisans,  or  the  steam  tramway 
from  Vizille  can  be  taken  half  way  at 
the  station  of  La  Patite-Omo??.^ 

(For  the  track  from  Sechilienne  to 
Premol  see  Rte.  I. ) 

The  valley  now  contracts  between 
Taillefer  and  the  spurs  of  Belledonne, 
and  runs  in  a  N.E.  direction. 
The  gorge  is  called  the  Combe  de 
Gavet,  and  the  hamlets  of  Gavet, 
Rioupcroux ,  and  Livet  (for  the  way 
hence  to  Chanrousse  see  Rte.  I). 
The  wild  torrent  of  Vaudaine  is 
crossed,  and  at  the  end  of  the  long 
gorge  the  valley  opens  out  at  Les 
Sables,  where  is  the  station  of  Roche- 
taillee-Allemofit  (15  m.  from  the  town 


of  Vizille).  (For  Belledonne  see 
Rte.  I  ;  for  the  Sept  Laux,  Rte.  G ; 
and  for  the  pass  to  La  Chambre,  and 
the  Grandes  Rousses  see  Rte.  E. ) 
Les  Sables  is  at  the  confluence  of 
the  Olle  with  the  Romanche,  and  at 
the  entrance  to  the  basin  or  plain  at 
the  further  end  of  which  is  Bourg 
d'Oisans,  4 J  m.  distant  past  the 
station  of  La  Paute-Ornon  (see 
above  for  Taillefer,  and  for  the  Col 
d'Ornon  §  9.  Rte.  N).  This  plain 
was  the  scene  of  one  of  the  most 
remarkable  geological  catastrophes 
the  history  of  which  has  been  pre- 
served by  authentic  records.  In  the 
course  of  the  twelfth  century  a  terrific 
bergfall  from  the  Vaudaine,  a  great 
spur  of  Belledonne  which  encloses 
!  the  Combe  de  Gavet  on  the  N.  side, 
I  completely  barred  the  course  of  the 
l  Romanche,  which  rose  to  such  a 
height  that  the  plain  on  which  Bourg 
d'Oisans  and  other  villages  now  stand 
was  converted  into  a  large  lake, 
known  as  the  Lac  de  St.  Laurent, 
more  than  30  ft.  deep.  Villages  and 
;  farms  with  a  large  part  of  the  popula- 
tion  utterly  disappeared,  and  the 
;  survivors  gained  a  subsistence  by 
fishing  on  the  site  of  their  former 
dwellings.  This  state  of  things  con- 
|  tinued  until  the  night  of  September 
1 4- 15,  1219,  when  the  barrier  gave 
way,  and  the  pent-up  waters,  sud- 
denly set  free,  swept  with  fearful 
violence  down  the  valley.  Of  the 
villages  near  the  valley  not  a  trace 
remained,  and  the  inundation  reached 
even  to  Grenoble,  where  crowds  of 
fugitives,  stopped  in  their  flight  by  a 
gate  over  the  stone  bridge,  were 
carried  off  by  the  flood.  The  present 
fertility  of  the  plain  of  Bourg  d'Oisans, 
and  the  transported  blocks  which 
are  scattered  over  the  valley  of  the 
Romanche  about  Vizille,'  owe  their 
origin  to  this  catastrophe,  more 
enduring  in  its  effects  than  the  storms 
of  war  which  have  repeatedly  swept 
over  the  same  district. 

Bourg  d'Oisans  is  a  small  country 
town  (729m.,  2,392  ft. )  agreeably  situ- 
ated, with  a  view  of  the  opening  of  the 


ROUTE  A.    GRENOBLE  TO  BRIAN^ON 


Combe  de  Malaval  to  the  S.E.,  and 
of  the  valley  of  the  Veneon  to  the  S. 
The  neighbouring  mountains  are  rich 
in  minerals,  especially  the  mines  of 
Chalanches,  near  Ailemont  (see  Rte. 
E).  Bourg  d'Oisans  is  generally  made 
the  starting  point  for  the  valley  of 
the  Veneon  (§  9.  Rte.  A),  and  for  the 
Col  du  Lautaret  to  Briancon  (see 
below). 

[Pleasant  excursions  may  be  made 
hence  to  the  villages  of  Villard 
Eymond  and  Villard  Raymond, 
lying  on  a  great  grassy  shelf  above 
the  precipices  which  overshadow 
Bourg  d'Oisans  on  the  W.  and  S.  W.', 
and  also  to  the  Plateau  de  Brandes 
on  the  E.  (gained  in  2\  hrs.  by  way 
of  La  Garde  and  Huez),  where  are 
extensive  remains  of  buildings  attri- 
buted to  the  Romans.  The  guide  will 
point  out  the  site  of  many  mines,  now 
abandoned,  and  higher  up  considerable 
deposits  of  anthracite.  Rather  more 
than  1  hr.  above  Brandes  is  the  Lac 
Blanc,  one  of  the  highest  lakes,  for 
its  dimensions,  in  the  Alps.  It  is 
nearly  \  m.  long,  and  no  yards 
wide.  On  its  N.E.  shore  are  seen 
the  traces  of  ancient  mining  works, 
and  the  remains  of  a  paved  road,  con- 
structed at  some  early  period  for 
the  use  of  the  miners,  It  is  in  some 
places  either  covered  over  or  carried 
away  by  the  moraines  of  existing 
glaciers.  It  is  easy  to  pass  from  the 
lake  between  the  Petites  Rousses  and 
the  main  chain  of  the  Grandes  Rous- 
ses along  the  upper  of  the  two  Rousses 
terraces  mentioned  in  Rte.  E  to  the 
Col  du  Couard  (3  hrs.),  or  to  descend 
from  the  Fare  lake  to  the  Fare  Club 
hut  (20  min. )  That  Club  hut  (be- 
longing to  the  S.T.D.),  whence  the 
various  summiis  of  the  Grandes 
Rousses  chain  are  accessible  (see 
Rte.  E),  is  best  reached  from  Bourg 
d'Oisans  in  4J  hrs.  by  La  Garde, 
Huez,  the  AIpe  huts,  the  lower 
lake  terrace,  and.  the  Carrelet  lake.] 

At  Les  Sables  the  range  coming 
down  from  Beliedonne  has  turned  the 
course  of  the  Romanche  at  right  angles 
to  its  previous  direction.  Beyond 


Bourg  d'Oisans  this  direction  is  again 
changed  by  the  great  ridge  extending 
W.  from  the  Meije.  The  road  on 
leaving  Bourg  d'Oisans  crosses  to  the 
r.  bank  of  the  Romanche  and  runs 
S.E.  along  that  bank,  through  an 
avenue  of  poplars,  over  a  nearly  level 
reach  of  richly  cultivated  country, 
enclosed  between  mountains  of  mo- 
derate height,  till  it  regains  the  1.  bank 
(3  m.)  by  the  Pont  St.  Guillerme. 
(Here  turns  off  the  char  road  up  the 
Veneon  valley  towards  La  Berarde, 
§  9.  Rte.  A. )  Between  this  point  and 
Le  Freney  the  valley  of  the  Romanche 
is  contracted  to  a  mere  defile,  en- 
closed between  vertical  rocks  of 
gneiss.  The  river  has  cut  for  itself 
a  channel  at  a  great  depth  below  the 
level  of  the  road,  which  is  carried 
along  the  1.  bank,  sometimes  on 
ledges  cut  into  the  rock,  sometimes 
supported  on  terraces  of  masonry,  and 
in  one  spot  carried  through  a  tunnel 
180  m.  (591  ft.)  in  length.  This  is 
the  gorge  of  Infemey,  or  Malaval, 
and  is  the  finest  bit  of  the  road.  On 
issuing  from  it  a  green  basin  is 
reached,  in  which  stands  Le  Freney, 
7  J  m.  from  Bourg  d'Oisans.  (For  the 
Col  des  Pres  Nouveaux  hence  to  St. 
Jean  de  Maurienne  see  Rte.  D.  1,  and 
for  the  Col  de  l'Alpe  in  the  opposite 
direction  to  Venose,  in  the  Veneon 
valley,  see  §  9.  Rte.  C.  1.)  Another 
narrow  gorge  is  traversed  before 
passing  the  miserable  houses  of  Le 
Dauphin,  standing  in  the  midst  of 
huge  fragments  of  fallen  rock.  Thi 
cliffs  forming  the  S.  wall  of  the  valley 
are  crowned  by  the  great  Glacier  du 
Montde  Lans,  the  largest  in  Dauphine, 
and  projecting  portions  of  its  frozen 
mass  are  seen  through  the  ravines 
that  open  into  the  Combe.  At  Le 
Dauphin  the  road  crosses  to  the  r. 
bank,  and  soon  after  passes  the  fins 
waterfall  of  La  Pisse,  which  comes 
down  from  a  height  of  200  m.  (656 
ft.)  The  Romanche  flows  through 
a  deep  and  gloomy  ravine,  the  Combe 
de  Malaval,  which  sometimes  opens 
a  little,  and  exhibits,  in  wild  con- 
I  fusion,  huge   masses  of  rock  torn 


xi6    DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §8.  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT 


down  from  the  crags  above  ;  at  other 
times  the  precipices  approach  more 
nearly  together,  and  the  glacier 
streams  that  reach  their  verge  spring 
from  a  considerable  height  into  the 
chasm  through  which  the  road  is 
carried.  The  finest  is  that  of  La 
Pisse,  mentioned  above  ;  another, 
the  Sant  de  la  Pticelle,  or  des  Freaux, 
falling  80  m.  (262  ft.),  is  nearer  La 
Grave,  and  just  beyond  some  exten- 
sive lead  mines,  now  no  longer 
worked.  Soon  after  (15J  m.  from 
Bourg  d'Oisans)  the  road  turns  a 
corner  and  enters  the  village  of  La 
Grave  (1,526  m.,  5,007  ft.),  the 
houses  of  which  are  huddled  together 
on  a  steep  slope  N.  of  the  high  road. 

La  Grave  is  placed  in  the  midst 
of  very  grand  Alpine  scenery.  Just 
opposite  rises  the  Meije  (3,987 
m.,  13,081  ft.,  the  second  peak 
in  the  district),  streaming  with 
glaciers,  above  which  towers  the 
grim  black  final  ridge.  The  view 
is  one  of  the  finest  to  be  obtained 
from  a  road  in  the  Alps,  as  the 
glaciers  and  peaks  are  close  at  hand, 
and  is  said  to  be  equalled  only  by 
that  from  the  Stelvio. 

[La  Grave  is  one  of  the  best 
centres  in  the  district  for  a  stay 
of  some  days.  Besides  the  excursions 
to  the  foot  of  the  glacier  coming 
down  from  the  Breche  de  la  Meije 
(just  W.  of  the  Meije),  I  hr.,  and 
to  the  Plateau  de  Paris  (on 
which  there  is  now  a  small  inn), 
on  the  N.  side  of  the  valley  (2  hrs. ), 
to  enjoy  the  view  of  the  Meije  (far 
better  seen  from  a  height  above  the 
village  than  from  the  village  itself),  it 
is  worth  while  visiting  two  little 
mountain  inns  :  one  is  near  the  Puy 
Vachier  lake,  on  the  way  to  the  Col 
de  la  Lauze  (§  9.  Rte.  C.  2),  and  the 
other  at  Alfie,  on  the  way  to  the  Col 
du  Clot  des  Cavales  (§  9.  Rte.  C.  4.), 
each  about  3  hrs.  off.  A  delightful 
expedition  is  to  go  on  from  the 
former  in  z\  hrs.  to  the  Col  de  la 
Lauze,  then  keeping  to  the  W.  along 
the  S.  edge  of  the  splendid  snow  field 
of  the  Glacier  du  Mont  de  Lans,  and 


•  descending  to  the  Lac  Noir  Club  hut 
(3  hrs.),  whence  Le  Freney  or  St. 
Christophe  can  be  gained. 

The   chief  belvederes  around  La 
Grave  are  the  Aiguille  du  Goleon, 
3,429    m.,   11,251    ft.   (5    hrs.  by 
the    S.E.    face  or  arete),  and  the 
\   Pic  des    Trois   Eve  ekes,  3,120  m., 
10,237   ft.   (4   hrs.    by    the  N.E. 
ridge)  ;  both  are  on  the  N.  side  of  the 
valley,  and  command  superb  views  of 
the    Meije    group    opposite.  The 
Bee  de  P  Homme,  3,457  m.,  11,342  ft. 
(5  hrs.),  affords  a  nearer  sight  of  that 
wonderful  group,  but  if  the  projected 
Club  hut  at  the  Rocher  de  l'Aigle 
(4  hrs.  from  La  Grave),  at  the  S.  foot 
of  the  Bee,   is  built  it  is  almost  a 
pity  not  to  climb  the  very  beautiful 
and  not  difficult  E.  Summit  of  the 
Meije  (3,911  m.,  12,832  ft.),  acces- 
sible in  2 J-3  hrs. ,  according  to  the 
state  of  the  snow,  whence  the  sudden 
sight  of  the  Central  Summit  of  the 
Meije   is    overwhelming,    and  one 
understands  why  the  Monetier  folk 
1   call  it   'Le  Doigt  de  Dieu.'  This 
!    Central  Summit (3,970  m.,  13,025  ft. ) 
■   can  be  gained  in  rather  less  time 
from  the  Club  hut,  but  is  harder  as  a 
climb  than  the  E.  Summit.     From  it 
:   the  traveller  can  marvel  at  the  long 
jagged  ridge  which  connects  it  with 
the  W,  and  highest  Summit 1  (3,987  m. , 
;    13,081  ft.),  and  admire  the  audacity 
I   of  H  err  en  O.  and  E.  Zsigmondy  and 
L.  Purtscheller,  who  were  the  first 
(and  that  without"  guides)  to  force  it 
in  1S85.  This  route  has  since  become 
better  known,  and  is  now  frequently 
traversed  every  summer,  2f-4  hrs. 
being  required.     Another  attraction 
'   at  La  Grave  to  the  climber  is  the 
;   S.  Aiguille  d'Arves,  which  is  thence 
;   reached  in  7  hrs.  or  so  by  way  of  the 
Col  Lombard  (Rte.  B.  3).    (For  the 
numerous  passes  from  La  Grave  see 
Rtes.  B  and  C  for  those  to  the  X.. 
and  §  9.  Rtes.  C  and  H,  for  those  to 
the  S.     For  the  alternative  route  to 
Monetier  by  the  Col  d^Arsine  see 
below.  '3 

I  Beyond  La  Grave  the  road  traverses 
I   two  tunnels  (always  light  3d  by  lamps), 


ROUTE  A.    GRENOBLE  TO  BRIANCON 


117 


and   passes   above    the   village  of 
Villard  d'Arene  (1, 651  m.,  5,417  ft.), 
and,  later,  the  hamlet  of  Pied  du  Col, 
in  order  to  mount  by  many  great  zig- 
zags (pedestrians  can  find  many  short 
cuts)  towards  the  Col  du  Lautaret. 
From  one  of  these  zigzags  a  glimpse 
of  the  Ecrins,  the  monarch  of  the 
district,  is  caught  through  the  upper 
Romanche  glen.    This  valley  turns 
S.  from  Villard  d'Arene,  and  from  the 
road  fine  views   of  it   are  gained, 
backed  by  the  graceful  snowy  pyramid 
of  the  Mont  eigne  des  Agneaax  (3,660 
m.,  12,008  ft.)     The  stone  Hospice 
on  the  Col  du  Lautaret  (2,075  m-> 
6,808  ft.)   is  attained  in  7  m.  from 
La  Grave,  and  opposite  it  is  the  new 
inn,  built  in  the  style  of  a  Swiss 
chalet.    The  summit  of  the  pass  is  a 
wide  sweep  of  pasture,  and,  like  the  j 
slopes  towards  Villard  d'Arene,  and 
also  on   the   way   to   the   Col  du 
Galibier,  is  celebrated  for  the  variety 
of  rare  Alpine  plants  to  be  found 
there.    A  list  would  include  a  large 
part  of  the  Alpine  flora.    The  view 
of  the  Meije  and  its  attendant  peaks, 
the  Pavi,  the  Pic  Gaspard,  and  the 
Pics  de   Neige   du   Lautaret,  with 
glaciers  streaming  from  them,  all  seen 
above  the   great  ice   basin   of  the 
Homme  glacier,  is  one  of  the  most 
striking  scenes  in  the  entire  range  of 
the  Alps,  and  is  alone  worth  the 
trouble  of  visiting  the  Lautaret.  The 
Hospice  was  originally  founded  by 
the  Dauphins  in  the  eleventh  century 
at  the  spot  on  the  E.  of  the  pass  still 
called  La  Madeleine,  and  was  only 
later  transferred  to  the  summit  of  the 
Col.    The  geologist  will  not  fail  to 
notice  the  singular  relations  of  the  lime- 
stones and  slates  on  the  W.  side  of 
the  Col  with  the  adjoining  crystalline 
rocks.    In  several  places  the  former 
are  seen  to  underlie  extensive  masses 
of  gneiss  or  schistose  granite,  affording 
a  remarkable  example  of  the  so-called 
fan  structure.     One  section,  on  the 
S.  side  of  the  valley,  opposite  Villard 
d'Arene,  has  been  noticed  and  de- 
scribed by  M.  Eliede  Beaumont ;  while 
Principal  Forbes    pointed   out  the 


existence  of  another  in  the  lower  part 
of  the  Combeynot  group,  which  sepa- 
rates the  Col  from  the  upper  valley 
of  the  Romanche.  The  section  is 
equally  well  seen  from  both  sides  of 
the  promontory  between  the  two  tor- 
rents. 

[The  first  excursion  to  be  made  from 
the  Lautaret  is  that  to  the  top  of  the 
Col  du  Galibier,  2,658  m.,  8,721  ft. 
(i  |-2hrs. ),  over  which  a  char  road 
(described  in  Rte.  B)  now  runs  to  St. 
Michel  de  Maurienne,  in  the  Arc 
valley.  A  curious  winding  foot  path  (the 
'  sender  des  crevasses  ')  leads  round 
the  N.W.  flank  of  the  Combeynot 
group  to  the  mountain  inn  at  Alpe  (2 
hrs. ),  whence  many  passes  (§  9.  Rte. 
C)  lead  to  La  Berarde,  and  the  Col 
d'Arsine  in  3  hrs.  to  Monetier. 

Among  the  ascents  from  the  Lau- 
taret that  of  the  Roche  du  Grand 
Galibier  (3,242  m.,  10,637  ft.)  is 
especially  recommended  ;  it  takes 
3^-4^-  hrs.  or  so,  and  the  panorama 
is  most  wonderful,  extending  to 
Monte  Viso.  The  Pic  de  Combeynot 
(3,163  m. ,  10,377  ft. )  maybe  reached 
by  a  steep  climb  of  3  hrs.  from  the 
Hospice,  and  the  Pic  des  Trois 
Eveches  (3,120  m.,  10,237  ft.)  by  an 
easier  one  of  4  hrs.  J 

The  road  descends  in  zigzags,  soon 
meets  the  Guisane,  coming  down 
from  the  Col  du  Galibier,  and  fol- 
lows it  on  its  left  bank  to  Briancon. 
La  Madeleine,  where  the  Hospice 
originally  was,  is  passed,  and  later  Le 
Lauzet,  with  some  anthracite  mines. 
(Hence  the  Col  de  la  Ponsonniere 
leads  in  6j  hrs.  to  Valloire. )  The 
valley  becomes  more  smiling  as  the 
road,  passing  above  the  stony  plain 
whereon  stands  the  hamlet  of  Le 
C as  set  (overhung  by  the  fine  Pic 
Gardiner,  3,400  m.,  11,155  ft.), 
approaches  Monetier  les  Bains,  6J  in. 
from  the  Col.  There  are  mineral 
waters  here,  used  for  baths  and 
also  internally.  The  village  is  at  the 
height  of  1,493  m-  (45898  ft.),  yet  is 
still  surrounded  by  barley  fields  and 
fruit  trees. 

[It  lies  too  low  as  a  starting  point 


itS    DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  8.  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT 


for  any  ascent,  save,  perhaps,  that  of 
the  Pic  des  Pres  les  Ponds,  3,363 
m.,  11,034  ft.  (6J  hrs. ),  though  the 
Montague  des  Agneaux  (3,660  m., 
12,008  ft.)  and  other  summits  may 
be  taken  on  the  way  over  to  the 
Tuckett  Club  hut  by  glacier  passes 
(§  9.  Rte.  I).  On  the  W.  the  Col 
d' A rsine  (2,400  m.,  7,874  ft.)  leads 
in  under  4  hrs.  to  the  mountain  inn 
at  Alpe  (§  9.  Rte.  C),  while  on  the 
N.E.  the  grassy  Col  de  Buff  ere 
(e.  2,000  m.j  6,562  ft.),  or  the  Col  de 
Cristol  (2,500  m.,  8,202  ft.),  more  to 
the  E.,  with  its  pretty  lake,  enables  a 
traveller  to  gain  Nevache,  in  the 
Clairee  valley  (§  6.  Rte.  D),  in  4 J  hrs. 
from  Monetier.  (For  the  passes  to 
the  Vallouise  see  §  9.  Rte.  I.  )J 

From  Monetier  the  road  descends 
gently  down  the  Guisane  valley, 
which  is  fertile  and  populous  on  its 
].  bank,  while  that  opposite  is  covered 
with  splendid  pine  forests.  As  the 
traveller  advances  he  gains  fine  views 
of  the  little  town  of  Briancon,  on  its 
heights,  crowned  by  its  formidable 
forts,  and  backed  by  the  cone  of  the 
Rochebntne  (3,324  m.,  10,906  ft.) 
The  road  to  the  station  avoids  the 
town  itself,  passing  round  its  W.  side 
in  order  to  go  down  to  the  level  plain 
below,  where  is  (9J  m.  from  Monetier) 
the  railway  station  of  Briancon.  The 
railway  descends  the  Durance  valley 
in  order  to  gain  Gap  and  Grenoble, 
while  on  the  E.  the  great  carriage 
road  over  the  Mont  Genevre  leads  to 
the  Mont  Cenis  line  at  Oulx.  For  a 
description  of  Briancon  and  its  neigh- 
bourhood (including  passes  to  Chateau 
Queyras,  to  Bardonneche,  and  to  St. 
Michel)  see  §  6. 


Routs  B. 

ST.  MICHEL  DE  MAURIENNE  TO  THE 
LAUTARET  ROAD.  ASCENT  OF 
THE  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES. 

The  valley  of  the  Romanche, 
through  which  passes  the  Lautaret 
road,  described  in  the  preceding  Rte. , 
runs,  as  far  as  Bourg  d'Oisans,  near 
its  junction  with  the  Olle,  in  a 
direction  which  is  roughly  E.  and  W. 
A  not  very  different  course  is  followed 
by  the  Arc  (through  which  passes  the 
route  to  the  Mont  Cenis — §  7.  Rtes. 
A  and  B),  between  St.  Michel  de 
Maurienne  and  La  Chambre.  But 
these  two  valleys  are  separated  by  an' 
intricate  set  of  mountain  ridges,  of 
which  the  Aiguilles  d'Arves  and  the 
Grandes  Rousses  are  the  loftiesi 
points.  Hence  there  are  many  passes 
from  one  to  the  other.  In  this  Rte. 
those  leading  from  St.  Michel  de 
Maurienne,  in  the  Arc  valley,  to  the 
Romanche  valley  are  enumerated,  in 
Rtes.  C  and  D  those  leading  to  St. 
Jean  de  Maurienne,  and  in  Rte.  E 
that  to  La  Chambre. 

In  the  case  of  the  passes  from  St. 
Michel,  La  Grave,  on  the  Lautaret 
road,  is  the  natural  point  for  which  to 
make,  but  since  the  opening  of  the 
char  road  over  the  Col  du  Galibier 
the  Lautaret  Hospice  is  the  spot  on 
the  Lautaret  road  most  easily  attained 
from  St.  Michel.  Besides  this  con- 
venient way,  a  pass  which  even 
moderate  pedestrians  can  cross  with- 
out difficulty  is  described,  and  finally 
the  high  level  route  recommended  to 
mountaineers. 

1 .  By  the  Col  du  Galibier  ( 26 J  m .  to 
the  Lautaret  Hospice  by  a  good  char 
road,  over  which  runs  a  break,  in 
connection  with  the  P.L.M.  railway, 
taking  8 J  hrs. ,  including  1  hr. 's  halt 
for  lunch,  from  St.  Michel,  and  6  hrs. 
in  the  reverse  direction). 

On  leaving  St.  Michel  the  road 
traverses  the  Arc,  and  then  the 
torrent  from  the  Valmeinier,  before 
mounting    by   means    of  a  great 


ROUTE  B. 

series  of  zigzags  (some  very  long)  the 
steep  forest-clad  slopes  leading  up  to 
the  ridge  above  the  r.  bank  of  the 
Valloirette  torrent,  which  flows 
through  a  deep  gorge  to  join  the  Arc 
below  St.  Michel.  Fine  views  are 
obtained  towards  the  N.  over  the 
glaciers  of  the  Peclet  group.  A  final 
very  long  zigzag  ends  in  a  tunnel  by 
which  that  ridge  is  pierced,  and  the 
road  then  turns  sharply  to  the  S., 
keeping  high  above  the  Valloirette,  in 
the  direction  of  the  smiling  pasture 
basin  in  which  lies  the  large  village  of 
Valloire.  The  road  gradually  de- 
scends to  and  crosses  the  stream  be- 
fore reaching  the  village  (io  m.  from 
St.  Michel,  about  3  firs.'  walk), 
(Pedestrians  are  strongly  recom- 
mended to  leave  the  last  very  long 
zigzag  mentioned  above  in  order  to 
mount  S.W.  by  the  old  stony  mule 
path  to  the  chapel  on  the  ridge,  by 
which  stand  three  crosses  [\  hr-. ) 
Hence  there  is  a  superb  view  of  the 
Ecrins,  as  well  as  of  the  Aiguilles 
d'Arves.  By  descending  on  the  other 
side  the  hamlet  of  Le  C/os,  on  the 
high  road,  is  gained  in  \  hr. ) 

Valloire  (1,430  m.,  4,692  ft.)  is  a 
charmingly  situated  village,  which 
may  tempt  the  traveller  who  is  not 
in  a  hurry  to  halt  there  for  a  day 
or  two. 

[On  the  W.  the  valley  is  shut  in  by  a 
high  jagged  ridge,  over  which  lie  many 
rough,  but  not  difficult,  passes  to  the 
lower  bit  of  the  Arvan  glen.  Its  N. 
end,  the  Point e  de  la  Grande  Chible 
(2,936  m.,  9,633  ft.),  can  be  reached 
without  any  difficulty  in  4 \  hrs.  by 
way  of  the  hamlet  of  Poingt  Ravier 
and  the  S.W.  or  E.  ridge  :  it  com- 
mands a  very  extensive  view.  A 
better  point  whence  to  study  the 
Aiguilles  d'Arves— not  seen  from 
Valloire  or  its  immediate  neighbour- 
hood— is  the  Aiguille  de  V  Epaisseur 
(3,241  m. ,  10,633  ft.),  which  may  be 
attained  in  5-J  hrs.  from  Valloire 
through  the  Combe  des  Aiguilles — 
see  3.  below— and  by  the  S.E.  arete, 
there  being  no  difficulty,  though  some 
snow,  on  the  way.    On  the  E.  the 


VALLOIRE  119 

!   Valloirette   valley  is  bounded  by  a 
I   long  ridge   separating  it  from  the 
j   Plagnetta  glen,  through  which  lies  the 
rough  track  to  the  Col  de  V Aiguille 
Noire,  by  which   Nevache,    in  the 
j   Clairee  valley  (§  6.  Rte.  D.  1),  may  be 
reached  in  7  hrs.  Just  W.  of  the  pass 
is  the  striking  double  peak  of  the 
I   Aiguille  Noire  (2,892  m.,  9,489  ft.), 
which,  despite  its  formidable  appear - 
|   ance  from  afar,  can  be  gained  by  a 
\   short  scramble   up  its    S.  arete  in 
j   about  1  hr.  from  the  Col,  or  in  \\  hrs. 
j   from  Valloire  (see  §  6.  Rte.  D.  i).J 

Soon  after  quitting  the  village  the 
j   road  crosses  to  the  1.   bank  of  the 
Valloirette,  and  a  distan  view  is  ob- 
I   tained  of  the  Roche  cat  Grand  Gali- 
I   bier  (3,242  m.,   10,637  ft.),  with  a 
steep  snow  gully   between   its  two 
summits,,  at  the  head  of  the  valley. 
The  stream  is  again  crossed  at  the 
hamlet  of  La  Ravine  (here  turns  off 
the  way  to   the  Aiguilles  d'Arves  : 
j   see  3.  below),  and  continues  to  mount 
slightly  in  a  S.  direction.  Opposite 
i   the    opening    of    the    Combe  des 
Aiguilles    a  fleeting   glimpse  of  the 
Aiguilles  d'Arves  is  obtained.  The 
I   road  passes  beneath  the  hamlet  of 
i   Bonnemtit,  passing,  at  the  junction 
of  the  further  path  from  that  hamlet, 
the    path   to   the    Col   du  Gole'on 
;    (below,  2)  and  to  a  short  cut  to  the 
j    Galibier  by  the  Losettes  huts,  and 
j   beyond  gains  the  base  of  the  final 
ascent  to  the  Col  du  Galibier. 

[Here — 2\  hrs.'  walk  from  Valloire 
j   — turn  off  the  paths  to  the  Col  des 
Roc  hi  lies,  leading  in  4J  hrs.  to  Nevache 
!   (§6.  Rte.  D.  2),  and  the  Col  de  la  Pon- 
i   sonniere,  leading  to  Le  Lauzet,  on  the 
Lautaret  road,  in  6  hrs.J 

Many  great  zigzags  lead  up  to  a 
pasture  basin  in  which  are  some  huts, 
and  then  more  zigzags  to  the  tunnel, 
which  pierces  the  ridge  of  the  Col  a 
little  below  the  crest  of  the  pass 
(10J  m.  from  Valloire).  But  even  the 
most  moderate  walkers  are  advised  to 
follow  the  old  char  road  across  the 
crest  itself,  a  very  slight  detour,  and 
one  rewarded  by  an  extremely  fine 
view,  in  which  the  Ecrins  and  the 


120    DAUPHINfi  ALPS.    §  8.  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT 


Aiguilles  d'Arves  are  the  principal  | 
features.    The  height  of  the  pass  is  | 
2,658  m.,  8,721  ft.,  and  the  road  is  ! 
the  highest  in  Europe  save  that  over  j 
the    Stelvio    (2,760   m.,    9,055  ft.)  j 
The  descent  on  the  other  side  by  a  | 
fresh  series  of  zigzags  is  far  shorter  j 
than  the  ascent  has  been.    At  the 
Mandette  huts  pedestrians  can  strike 
S.W.  across  the  pastures  direct  to  the 
Hospice.    The  road  goes  down  to 
that  of  the  Lautaret,  and  then  mounts 
slightly  to  the  Hospice,  6  m.  from  the 
Col.    A  fast  walker  can  go  in  4  hrs. 
from  Yalloire  to  the   Hospice,  but 
5  are  amply  sufficient.    Many  of  the 
rarest  plants  in  the  Alps  are  found  on 
the  S.  slope  of  the  pass,  which  is 
really  the  continuation  of  the  famous 
pastures  of  the  Col  du  Lautaret. 

2.  By  the  Col  du  Goleon  (foot  path  in  j 
6J-7  hrs.  from  Yalloire  to  La  Grave).  ! 

From  Yalloire  the  Galibier  road  is  1 
followed  for  \\  hr.  till  the  second 
cross,  marking  a  branch  path  to 
Bonnenuit,  is  reached.  The  Goleon 
route  descends  into  the  Losettes  glen, 
and  goes  up  it  in  order  to  gain  by  a  | 
steep  ascent  the  Losettes  huts  ( 1  hr. ) 
Care  must  now  be  taken  to  turn 
sharp  W.  up  the  glen  just  beyond  the 
huts. 

[By  keeping  up  the  glen  which 
opens  to  the  S.  the  Pic  des  Trots 
Eveches  (3,120  m.,  10.237  ft.)  may 
be  ascended  in  3  hrs.  by  the  N.E. 
arete,  the  glorious  view  from  the 
summit  enjoyed,  and  the  descent 
made  from  the  same  ridge  to  the 
Goleon  track  at  the  edge  of  the  steep 
descent  to  be  mentioned  below.  J 

This  glen  bears  gradually  N.  W.  ,and 
a  zigzag  path  up  shale  slopes  brings 
the  traveller  to  the  Col  (2,880  m., 
9,449  ft.)  in  4  hrs.  from  Valloire.  It 
is  the  lowest  point  in  a  ridge  of  con- 
torted shale  and  commands  a  view  of 
great  magnificence,  which  may  be 
very  much  extended  by  following  the 
easy  arete  to  the  N.W.  to  the  top  of 
the  Point e  de  P  Argentiere  (3,240  m., 
10,630  ft.),  in  \\  hr.  from  the  Col. 
A  steep  slope  of  shale  and  grass  leads 
down  to  a  large  marshy  plain,  the 


numberless  streams  in  which  must  be 
crossed  as  soon  as  possible  to  the  r. 
bank.  In  this  wray  the  edge  of  a  steep 
descent  into  the  lower  glen  is  gained 
( \  hr. ),  and  a  path  leads  down  into  that 
glen,  which  in  early  summer  is  one 
mass  of  narcissi  and  June  lilies.  After 
the  first  hamlet,  Pramelier^  is  passed 
(1  hr.),  La  Grave  may  be  reached  by 
either  side  of  the  glen,  the  path  on 
the  r.  bank  gradually  becoming  a 
char  road  long  before  La  Grave  is 
attained  ( J  hr. ) 

3.  By  the  Col  des  Aiguilles  d'Arves 
(6  hrs.),  and  the  Col  Lombard  (6  hrs.) 
— This  route  requires  two  days  from 
Yalloire,  the  intervening  night  being 
spent  in  the  chalets  of  Rieublanc, 
where  strangers  are  most  hospit- 
ably entertained.  It  passes  through 
very  grand  scenery,  and  is  strongly 
recommended  to  all  mountaineers 
bound  from  Yalloire  to  La  Grave,  as 
they  can  climb  any  of  the  Aiguilles 
d'Arves  on  the  way. 

The  Galibier  road  is  followed  for 
f  hr.  to  the  hamlet  of  La  Ravi?2e. 
The  bridge  is  not  crossed,  but  the 
path  along  the  1.  bank  of  the  Yal- 
loirette  followed  till  it  passes  above 
a  knoll,  seen  from  afar,  and  then 
turns  up  the  Combe  des  Aiguilles  on 
the  W.  This  glen  is  mounted  by  a 
path  above  the  1.  bank  of  the  torrent, 
care  being  taken  to  keep  up  the  more 
southerly  of  the  two  arms  into  which 
the  glen  is  divided  by  the  great  spur 
from  the  Aiguille  de  PEpaisseur.  In  this 
way  by  pastures  and  stones  the  head 
of  the  glen,  at  the  foot  of  the  three 
Aiguilles  d'Arves,  is  attained,  3^  hrs. 
from  Yalloire. 

[Hence  the  Col  des  Trois  Pointes 
(3,150  m.,  10,335  ft.)  leads  in  3  hrs. 
across  the  ridge  just  N.W.  of  the 
Pointe  de  TArgentiere  (3,240  m., 
10,630  ft.)  direct  to  the  first  plain 
below  the  Glacier  Lombard,  while 
from  the  head  of  the  glen  it  is  also 
possible  to  climb  direct  by  the  Gros 
Jean  gl.  and  gullies  in  very  steep 
rocks  to  the  base  of  the  difficult  bit 
on  the  S.  Aiguille  d'Arves. J 

Debris  slopes  and  a  short  easy  gl. 


ROUTE  B.    AIGUILLES  D'ARVES 


121 


enable  the  traveller  to  gain  in  I  hr. 
more  the  Col  des  Aiguilles  d'Arves 

(3,200  m.,  10,499  ft.),  between  the 
Central  and  N.  Aiguilles  d'Arves  :  it 
was  first  crossed  in  1864  by  Messrs. 
A.  W.  Moore,  H.  Walker,  and  E. 
Whymper,  the  first  foreigners  to 
explore  this  splendid  group.  (The 
gap  between  the  Central  and  S. 
Aiguille  d'Arves,  or  Col  de  Gros  Jean, 
has  only  once  been  traversed,  the 
cliffs  on  this  side  of  the  pass  present- 
ing considerable  difficulties. ) 

[It  is  one  of  the  greatest  surprises  in 
Alpine  history  to  find  how  long  the  three 
noble  rock  pinnacles  of  the  Aiguilles 
d'Arves  were  ignored  by  maps,  and 
neglected  by  travellers.  It  is  only  in 
the  very  latest  issues  of  the  great 
French  map  that  they  are  even 
named,  though  they  are  spoken  of 
in  the  '  Philosophical  Transactions ' 
as  far  back  as  1791.  The  relative 
height  of  the  two  loftiest  peaks  is 
still  uncertain,  but  the  difference  be- 
tween them  does  not  exceed  3-6  ft. 
The  Central  Aiguille  was  first 
climbed  in  1839  by  three  St.  Michel 
hunters,  whose  ascent  remained  un- 
known to  history  till  1878,  while  the 
Southern  Aiguille  was  only  con- 
quered in  1878  by  Mr.  Coolidge, 
who,  with  Miss  Brevoort,  had  in  1873 
reached  the  lower  peak  of  the  N. 
Aiguille,  and  had  in  1874  made  the 
second  ascent  of  the  Central  Aiguille. 

From  the  Col  des  Aiguilles  d'Arves 
there  is  a  fine  view  to  the  W.  over 
the  valley  of  the  Arvan  and  its 
mountains.  But  no  climber  should 
omit  to  ascend  in  2  \  hrs.  the  Central 
Aiguille  (3,511  m.,  10,520  ft.)  by 
way  of  its  N.E.  and  S.E.  rock  faces, 
or  at  least  the  higher  point  of  the 
N.  Aiguille,  3,330  m.,  10,926  ft. 
( 1  hr. ),  by  the  notch  between  the  two 
horns  and  then  by  very  steep  rocks 
on  its  W.  face.  J 

The  Rieublanc  huts  are  at  the  W. 
foot  of  the  Col,  and  are  best  gained 
thence  by  a  gully  to  the  N.  of  the 
great  central  couloir  in  the  steep  rock 
wall,  and  so  by  stones  and  grass,  in 
\\  hr.  They  afford  better  night  quar- 


ters than  those  of  La  Saussaz,  ~  hr. 
lower.  ( For  the  path  hence  to  St.  Jean 
d'Arves  see  Rte.  C.  1. )  The  first  party 
(Mr.  Moore's)  went  next  day  from 
the  La  Saussaz  huts  to  La  Grave  over 
the  peak  now  known  as  the  S. 
Aiguille  de  la  Saussaz  (3,315  m., 
10,876  ft.),  just  above  the  Col  de 
Martignare.  A  far  better  route  has 
been  struck  out  by  later  explorers  in 
the  Col  Lombard.  This  pass  is  just 
S.W.  of  the  S.  Aiguille  d'Arves,  and 
is  gained  from  La  Saussaz  in  2\  hrs.  by 
bearing  S.E.  up  pastures,  a  shale 
ridge,  and  a  great  snow  slope.  Its 
height  is  about  3,100  m.  (10,171  ft.) 

[From  here  starts  the  best  route 
yet  discovered  up  the  S.  Aiguille 
d'Arves  (3,509  m.,  11,513  ft.),  the 
proudest  of  the  three  sisters.  It  is 
necessary  to  gain  the  crest  of  the 
S.E.  arete  by  one  of  the  small  gullies 
close  under  the  S.  face  of  the  peak. 
A  rock  ledge  soon  leads  to  the  base 
of  the  very  difficult,  though  short 
(c.  15  ft.),  mauvais pas  by  which  the 
rock  rampart  surrounding  the  peak 
can  be  pierced,  and  so  the  upper 
slopes  gained.  It  requires  some 
good  climbing  to  overcome  this 
obstacle,  after  which  the  roof-like 
ridge  which  forms  the  summit  is 
easily  reached  (1J-2  hrs.  from  the 
Col  Lombard).  If  the  traveller  do 
not  care  to  attempt  this  hard  ascent 
he  should  not  fail  to  cross  the  Lom- 
bard gl.,  and  scale  the  steep  though 
easy  shale  or  snow  slopes  or  ridges 
(many  possible  routes)  which  give 
access  to  the  great  cairn  on  the 
Aiguille  du  Goleon,  3,429  m. , 
11,251  ft.  (i|  hr. )  The  panorama 
which  rewards  the  slight  effort  of  the 
ascent  is  one  of  the  finest  in 
Dauphine.J 

From  the  Col  Lombard,  shale,  the 
gl.  (near  the  foot  of  which  is  the 
Lyon  Republic  ain  Club  hut,  2,400 
m.,  7,874  ft.),  and  a  marshy  plain 
lead  to  the  Col  du  Go' eon  route, 
joined  on  the  second  marshy  plain, 
and  followed  henceforth  to  La  Grave 
(3I-4  hrs.  or  less  from  the  Col 
Lombard). 


122    DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  8.  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT 


Route  C. 

LA  GRAVE  TO  ST.  JEAN  DE 
MAURIENNE. 

There  are  at  least  three  main  passes 
over  the  ridge  which  extends  from 
the  Aiguilles  d'Arves  to  the  Col  des 
Pres  Nouveaux.  They  all  descend 
into  the  Arvette  glen  (or  Combe 
Froide),  which  comes  from  the  W. 
base  of  the  Aiguilles  d'Arves,  and 
soon  turns  due  N.,  joining  the  Arvan 
valley  at  Entraigues,  below  St.  Jean 
d'Arves.  The  most  easterly  of  these 
passes,  the  Col  Lombard,  was  de- 
scribed in  the  preceding  Rte. ,  for  it 
is  better  adapted  for  a  traveller 
coming  from  Valloire  to  La  Grave 
by  the  high  level  route  than  as  a  way 
to  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne.  The 
two  other  passes  are  not  quite  as  long, 
but  are  both  fatiguing  and  not  very 
interesting,  though  of  course  they 
command  fine  views  of  the  Meije, 
just  opposite. 

i.  By  the  Col  de  Martignare 
(11-12  hrs. ) 

From  La  Grave  a  very  stony 
ascent  leads  to  a  grassy  depres- 
sion just  N.E.  of  the  last  hump  on 
the  long  ridge  stretching  S.  from 
the  Aiguille  du  Goleon :  the  track 
then  winds  along  the  mountain  slopes 
on  the  W.  side  of  that  ridge  in  a  N. 
direction,  keeping  high  above  the 
left  bank  of  the  torrent  in  the  Mar- 
tignare glen.  It  approaches  the 
stream  before  gaining  the  pass, 
2,600  m.,  8,531  ft.  (4  hrs.)  The 
descent  from  the  shaly  ridge  leads  at 
first  into  a  basin  or  ravine,  whence  it 
is  necessary  to  mount  in  order  to  gain 
a  great  grassy  promontory  on  the 
right,  from  which  a  zigzag  path  leads 
down  to  the  Arvette  glen,  near  the 
La  Saussaz  huts  (ij  hr. )  Hence 
there  is  a  mule  path  which  mounts  to 
the  Piettbla?ich.\xts,,  and  then  wanders 
N.  W.  over  pastures  till  it  descends  to 
Le  Vallonet,  a  good  way  lower  down 
the  Arvette  glen.  It  is  shorter, 
though  rougher,  to  go  from  the  La 
Saussaz  huts  down  that  glen  direct 


by  an  ill-marked  foot  path,  which 
crosses  and  recrosses  the  torrent 
several  times.  There  is  at  least  one 
pretty  green  basin  on  the  way,  while 
the  Palere  precipice,  on  the  E.  side 
of  the  gorge,  is  striking.  By  one  or 
other  route  Entraigues  is  gained  in 
about  2J  hrs.  from  La  Saussaz.  The 
traveller  can  now  mount  to  St.  Jean 
d'Arves,  and  then  cross  the  grassy 
Col  d'Arves  (Rte.  D.  1)  to  St.  Jean 
de  Mait?'ienne,  or  may  follow  the  new 
char  road  direct  through  the  Arvan 
valley  to  the  same  place,  reached  in 
3  or  4  hrs. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  Plnfernet 
(10J-11  hrs.) 

The  ascent  begins  directly  behind 
La  Grave,  and  leads  to  Les  Terrasses, 
whence  the  path  bears  N.W.  to  Le 
Chazelet.  The  route  overlooks  the 
stream,  which,  falling  over  a  granite 
ledge,  forms  the  beautiful  waterfall 
of  Les  Freaux  (Rte.  A).  This 
stream  intersects  the  junction  of  the 
granite  with  the  overlying  strata  of 
Jurassic  limestone.  The  mule  path 
mounts  along  the  left  bank  of  the 
Buffe  torrent,  through  many  groups 
of  chalets,  but  the  glen  is  bare  and 
uninteresting.  The  final  ascent  is  up 
disintegrated  slate  slopes,  with  not 
unfrequently  large  patches  of  snow. 
The  pass  (2,690  m.,  8,826  ft.)  is 
attained  in  4J  hrs.  from  La  Grave. 
On  the  other  side  snow  slopes,  steep 
shale,  and  grass  bring  the  traveller  to 
the  highest  huts,  those  of  the  Pre  des 
Bruns  ( 1  hr. )  The  mule  path  starts 
again  here,  and  leads  by  zigzags 
down  into  the  Arvette  glen  at  the 
point  where  it  turns  N.  (J  hr. ), 
whence  that  glen  is  followed  to 
Entraigues  (ij  hr. )  From  this  ham- 
let one  or  other  of  the  two  alternative 
routes  given  under  1  is  followed  to 
St.  Jean  de  Maurienne  (3-4  hrs.) 

An  active  walker  can  make  a 
pleasant  variation  on  this  route  by 
bearing  to  the  N.W.  from  the  upper 
portion  of  the  Buffe  glen  and  gaining 
the  S.  ridge  of  the  Pic  du  Mas  de  la 
Grave  (3,023  m.,  9,918  ft.),  the 
highest  summit  between  the  Aiguille 


ROUTE  D.    LE  FRENEY  TO  ST.  JEAN  DE  MAURIENNE  123 


du  Goleon  and  the  Cinie  des 
Torches.  It  may  be  attained  in 
about  if  hr.  from  the  Buffe  glen 
or  the  ruined  hut  near  the  Col 
(or  5  hrs.  from  La  Grave).  There 
is  no  difficulty  in  descending  E. 
or  N.,  then  bearing  N.W.,  and 
gaining  the  Pres  Nouveaux  ridge  by  a 
track  which  passes  that  ridge  some 
way  E.  of  that  Col  (Rte.  D.  1),  the 
usual  path  over  which  is  joined  at 
the  highest  huts  (i§  hr.  or  so). 


Route  D. 

BOURG  D'OISANS  TO  ST.  JEAN  DE 
MAURIENNE. 

Char  road  to  Besse  or  Clavaris  d'en 
Haut ;  thence  mule  path  (or  snow)  to 
St.  Jean  d'Arves,  whence  another 
char  road  descends  to  the  Arc  valley. 
From  Le  Freney  n-n^  hrs.  by  the 
Col  des  Pr6s  Nouveaux  ;  10^  hrs.  by 
the  Col  des  Quirlies. 

A  direct  line  drawn  from  Bourg 
d'Oisans  to  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne 
would  traverse  the  mass  of  the 
Grandes  Rousses.  To  avoid  this 
formidable  obstacle  (which  can  be 
overcome  by  active  climbers  :  see 
Rte.  E)  it  is  necessary  to  make  a 
considerable  detour,  for  the  easiest 
route  lies  on  the  E.  of  the  Grandes 
Rousses  chain. 

The  high  road  to  Briancon  (Rte. 
A)  is  followed  for  8  m.  until  a  little 
above  Le  Freney  a  stone  bridge 
crosses  the  Romanche  just  beyond 
its  junction  with  the  Ferrand.  The 
char  road  ascends  steeply  by  zigzags 
to  Mizoen,  1,206  m.,  3,957  ft.  (Jhr.), 
which  commands  a  fine  view  of  the 
Combe  de  Malaval.  It  then  gradually 
descends  to  and  crosses  the  Ferrand, 
which  runs  in  a  deep  gorge,  at  the 
end  of  which  (ij—  hr.  from  Le 
Freney),  at  the  foot  of  a  steep  bluff, 
it  bifurcates.  The  branch  to  the 
right  goes  N.E.  to  Besse  for  the  Col 


des  Pres  Nouveaux,  the  left-hand 
branch  due  N.  to  Clavans  for  the  Col 
des  Quirlies. 

1.  By  l he  Col  des  Pres  Nouveaux. 
The  char  road  crosses  to  the  left  bank 
of  the  Ferrand,  and  by  several  zigzags 
mounts  to  Besse  (20  min.)  Hence 
the  mule  path  mounts  at  first  to  the 
N.  up  pastures  to  a  narrow  promon- 
tory, along  the  W.  side  of  which  it 
runs  high  above  the  Valette  torrent, 
which  is  gradually  approached  and 
crossed  before  the  last  chalet  is 
reached.  Thence  less  than  -J  hr.'s 
ascent  by  zigzags  suffices  to  gain  the 
Col  des  Pres  Nouveaux,  2,293  m., 
7,523  ft.  (3J-4  hrs.  from  Besse),  a 
pass  quite  enclosed  by  higher  moun- 
tains on  all  sides  and  commanding 
no  distant  view.  There  are  some 
huts  on  the  Col  itself,  and  the 
pastures  on  both  sides  are  of  extra- 
ordinary luxuriance,  owing,  no  doubt, 
to  the  rapid  disintegration  of  the 
rock,  a  fissile  argillaceous  rock.  The 
descent  is  at  first  gentle,  but  then 
come  steep  zigzags  which  wind  down 
shale  slopes  to  the  highest  chalets  in 
the  Arvan  valley  (J  hr. )  From  this 
point  it  is  quite  possible  to  follow  the 
pasture  valley  of  the  Arvan  due  N., 
and  on  reaching  St.  Sorlin  d'Arves  to 
turn  S.E.  to  St.  Jean  d'Arves.  But  it 
is  in  every  way  better  to  follow  from 
the  chalets  just  mentioned  a  good 
mule  path  which  rises  gently  over 
grassy  slopes  to  the  pretty  Col 
d'Ornon  (c.  2,000  m.,  6,562  ft.), 
leading  over  the  ridge  which  com- 
pels the  Arvan  to  make  this  great 
loop.  The  path  descends  along  the 
left  side  of  a  grassy  glen  to  Ckambon, 
where  the  Arvan  is  crossed,  and  a 
further  ascent  leads  to  the  hamlet  of 
La  Tour,  the  principal  hamlet  (most 
beautifully  situated  on  an  upland 
shelf  of  pastures,  with  glorious 
views)  of  the  wealthy  commune  of 
St.  Jea7i  d'Arves  (2  hrs.  from  the 
highest  huts).  Another  mule  path 
leads  up  in  less  than  J  hr.  to  the  low 
Col  d'Arves  (1,754  m.,  5,755  ft.), 
with  a  fine  view  of  the  Grandes 
Rousses  and  the  Aiguilles  d'Arves. 


124    DAUPHIN^  ALPS.    §  8.  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT 


It  descends  on  the  other  side  to 
Fontcouverte,  whence  there  is  a  char 
road  down  to  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne 
(2§  hrs.  from  the  Col  d'Arves).  In 
1895  a  char  road  was  opened  from 
St.  Jean  d'Arves,  which  descends  to 
Entraigues,  and  then  follows  the 
lower  portion  of  the  Arvan  valley  to 
St.  Jean  de  Maurienne  direct. 

The  Col  de  la  Valette,  or  Col 
Perrant  (2,250  m.,  7,382  ft.),  is  a 
mere  variation  of  the  route  just  de- 
scribed. From  the  last  hut  on  the 
Besse  side  of  the  Pres  Nouveaux  keep 
to  the  1.  up  the  Grand  Sauvage  glen, 
and  gain  the  ridge  some  way  N.W. 
of  the  Pres  Nouveaux,  descending  by 
the  Aigues  Rousses  huts  to  the 
highest  chalets  in  the  Arvan  glen, 
where  the  Pres  Nouveaux  route  is 
rejoined.  The  Col  de  PAgnelin 
(2,875  m->  9^433  ft.)  is  a  most 
circuitous  route,  which  leaves  the 
Pres  Nouveaux  track  on  the  narrow 
promontory  mentioned  above,  and 
winds  in  very  intricate  fashion  through 
several  ravines  till  the  pass  is  gained 
just  at  the  S.E.  foot  of  the  Ctme  des 
Torches,  2,957  m.,  9,702  ft.  (acces- 
sible in  20  min. )  The  descent  is 
made  by  a  lateral  glen  to  the  Arvette 
ravine  at  Le  Vallonet,  where  the  Col 
de  Martignare  route  (Rte.  C.  1)  is 
joined  and  followed  to  Entraigues. 
This  pass  is  not  recommended  save  to 
those  who  like  devious  ways. 

2.  By  the  Col  des  Quirlies.  By 
keeping  up  the  l.-hand  road  at  the 
bifurcation  the  traveller  in  a  few 
minutes  gains  the  upper  portion  of 
the  Ferrand  valley,  and  passing  by 
Clava?is  soon  after  reaches  the  village 
of  Clavans  d'exi  Haut  (1,394  m., 
4,574  ft. )?  i~f  hr.  from  the  bifurca- 
tion, which  has  a  fair  inn,  and  is  the 
best  headquarters  in  these  parts.  The 
char  road  continues  for  a  short  dis- 
tance further,  but  comes  to  an  end 
before  the  traveller  arrives  at  the  foot 
of  a  fine  waterfall  of  the  Ferrand. 
Zigzags  lead  up  the  slopes  on  the  E. 
side  of  the  fall,  and  thus  the  upper- 
most bit  of  the  Ferrand  glen  is 
attained.  The  mule  path  continues  to 


the  last  chalet,  whence  grassy  and 
stony  slopes  lead  in  a  N.W.  direction 
to  the  considerable  Quirlies  gl.  This 
presents  no  difficulty,  and  is  mounted 
to  the  wide  opening  of  the  Col  des 
Quirlies,  2,950  m. ,  9,679  ft.  (4  hrs. 
from  Clavans  d'en  Haut. ) 

The  pass  is  nearly  on  a  level  with  the 
great  snow  fields  of  the  St.  Sorlin  gl., 
on  which  the  Col  de  la  Cochette  route 
(Rte.  E)  is  soon  joined,  and  followed 
to  St.  Jean  d'Arves  (3J  hrs. )  The  chief 
use  of  the  Col  is  to  afford  access  from 
Clavans  to  the  usual  route  up  the  N. 
Summit  of  the  Grandes  Rousses  (see 
Rte.  E) ;  but  it  may  be  used  simply 
as  a  pass,  and  with  it  may  be  com- 
bined the  ascent  ( 1  hr. )  of  the  Cime  du 
Grand  Sauvage  (3,229  m. ,  10,594  ft. ), 
on  its  E.,  whence  a  very  striking 
view  of  the  Grandes  Rousses  is  ob- 
tained. A  traveller  bound  from  Cla- 
vans for  the  South  Summit  of  the 
Grandes  Rousses  should  bear  to  the 
N.W.  before  the  waterfall,  and  keep 
up  the  pastures  high  above  the  right 
bank  of  the  Ferrand,  thus  gaining 
the  Grand  Sablat  gl.  The  icefall  of 
this  glacier  is  not,  however,  practicable 
under  all  circumstances,  and  in  that 
case  it  would  be  best  to  go  to  the 
Quirlies  gl.  (as  above),  and  from  its 
S.  bit  climb  up  to  the  Col  du  Grand 
Sablat,  on  the  S.E.  ridge  of  the  de- 
sired peak,  between  it  and  the  Mont 
Savoyat ;  or  if  preferred  it  is  quite 
possible  to  gain  the  Mont  Savoyat 
(3,340  m.,  10,959  ft.)  by  its  S.E. 
arete,  and  to  simply  follow  the  ridge  in 
the  same  direction  to  the  S.  Summit. 


Route  E. 

BOURG  DrOISANS  TO  LA  CHAMBRE. 
ASCENT  OF  THE  GRANDES  ROUSSES. 

Steam  tramway  to  Rochetaill6e  ;  char 
road  to  Rivier  d'Allemont,  or  Vau- 
jany  ;  thence  mule  path  or  foot  path 
to  St.  Colomban  des  Villards,  whence 
a  char  road  leads  to  La  Chambre. 


ROUTE  E.    BOURG  D'OISANS  TO  LA  CHAMBRE  125 


nf  hrs.  by  the  Olle  valley,  io§-ii£hrs. 
by  Vaujany. 

Although  the  distance  in  a  direct 
line  from  Bourg  d'Oisans  to  La 
Chambre  is  greater  than  that  to  St. 
Jean  de  Maurienne  (described  in  the 
preceding  Rte. )  the  way  is  not  much 
longer,  and  certainly  less  laborious. 
The  track  crosses  the  Col  du  Glandon. 
This  pass  is  most  easily  reached  by 
following  the  very  winding  course  of 
the  Olle  torrent,  but  there  are  two 
short  cuts  by  the  Cols  du  Sabot  and 
du  Couard.  A  guide  is  scarcely  re- 
quired for  the  way  through  the  Olle 
valley,  but  it  might  be  difficult  for  a 
stranger  to  find  the  short  cuts  without 
assistance. 

From  Bourg  d'Oisans  the  new 
steam  tramway  (Rte.  A)  should  be 
taken  for  20  min.  (4J  m. )  as  far  as  the 
Rochetaillee- Allemont  station,  at  Les 
Sables,  close  to  the  confluence  of  the 
Romanche  and  the  Olle.  Thence  a 
char  road  crosses  first  the  Romanche 
by  the  Pont  des  Sables,  soon  the  Olle 
by  the  Pont  de  Pei-niere,  and  then 
runs  along  the  r.  bank  of  the  Olle 
to  the  large  village  of  Allemont, 
800  m.,  2,625  ft.  (1  hr. )  This  over- 
looks the  hamlet  of  La  Fonderie,  and 
is  itself  overlooked  by  the  ruined 
castle  of  Rochechinard,  which  com- 
mands a  magnificent  view  of  the 
glaciers  of  the  Grandes  Rousses  and 
the  other  neighbouring  mountains. 
( For  the  ascent  of  Belledonne  from  the 
Club  hut,  3  hrs.  distant,  see  Rte.  I ; 
for  the  way  to  the  Fare  Club  hut, 
4  hrs.  distant,  see  below ;  and  for 
the  excursion  to  the  Sept  Laux, 
Rte.  G. )  The  ranges  enclosing  the 
valley  above  Allemont  are  extra- 
ordinarily rich  in  metallic  ores,  which, 
elsewhere,  are  rarely  or  never  found 
together.  Neither  the  iron  works  nor 
the  silver  mines  are  now,  however, 
worked,  whether  from  the  inherent 
difficulties  of  the  undertaking  or  from 
want  of  capital  and  skill  in  the 
management. 

[The  silver  mines  of  Chalanches^ 
discovered  in  1767,  are  situated  on  the 


I  mountain  slopes  W.  of  and  1,200  m. 
I  ( 3j937  it* )  above  the  village.  They 
j  may  be  reached  in  2 \  hrs. ,  and  can- 
i  not  fail  to  interest  the  mineralogist, 
j  On  this  single  mountain  gold,  silver, 
j  mercury,  nickel,  cobalt,  copper,  zinc, 
1  iron,  manganese,  and  antimony  have 
1  been  found  variously  combined,  be- 
i    sides  beds  of  anthracite.  3 

From  Allemont  the  char  road  con- 
j    tinues  up  the  Olle  valley,  soon  crossing 
to  the  1.  bank,  and  recrossing  to  the  r. 
bank,  after   traversing  the  Flumet, 
j    coming   down  from  Vaujany.  The 
i    valley   runs  due   N.   for  2  hrs.  to 
the    hamlet   of  Rivier   d?  Allemont 
(1,280  m. ,  4,200  ft.),  which  stands 
i    several  hundred  feet  above  the  stream. 

The  scenery  is  rich  and  pleasing,  with 
!    some  fine  views  of  the  surrounding 
mountains.    Above  Rivier  (here  the 
track  to  the  Sept  Laux  turns  off — 
Rte.  G)  the  Combe  d;OHe  bends  to 
the   E.,    and  the   scenery  becomes 
I    wilder.    The  mule  path  descends  to 
the  level  of  the  Olle,  and,  passing 
close  to  the  fine  waterfall,  enters  the 
very  narrow  and  picturesque  gorge  of 
I    Maupas.    At  the  further  end,  the 
Grande  Jlfazson,  a  large  chalet,  used 
!    by    the     Provencal    shepherds,  is 
reached  (2^  hrs.)    This  is  in  a  small 
pasture  basin,  and  opposite  the  junc- 
tion of  the  Olle  with  the  Cochette 
torrent,  which  descends  N.W.  from 
the  Grandes  Rousses.    (Here  fall  in 
the  tracks  over  the  Cols  du  Sabot  and 
du  Couard  :  see  below. )    The  main 
valley  here  turns  N.  E. ,  and  becomes 
I    much  broader,  and  one  long  series  of 
I    pasturages.    Many  tributary  torrents 
are  passed.    (The  first  on  the  r.  bank 
is  the  Lamie,  and  leads  up  to  the 
Col  de  PAgnelin,  by  which  the  inn  at 
\    the  Sept  Laux  mayT  be  reached  in 
j    4  hrs.  from    the    Grande  Maison.) 
,    Some  way  beyond  the  path  passes 
I    below  the  Quatre  Maisons  or  Riou 
•    Claret   chalets    (hence   the  Rocher 
j    Blanc  or  the  Rocheis  de  PArgentiere 
I    can  be  ascended  :  see  Rtes.  Gand  H). 
j    if  hr.  above  the  Grande  Maison  the 
path  gains  the  last  huts  (Plan  du 
I   Semi)  in  the  Olle  valley,  close  to  the 


126    DAUPHIXE  ALPS.    §  8.  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT 


junction  of  the  two  torrents  which 
make  up  the  Olle.  One  of  these 
descends  from  a  wild  glen,  the  Combe 
de  Bramaut,  containing  a  succession 
of  small  lakes,  of  which  the  highest 
lies  at  the  N.  end  of  the  chain  of  the 
Grandes  Rousses  :  through  it.  or  the 
ravine  of  the  Rif  Blanc,  rather  further 
W.j  the  great  gl.  of  St.  Soriin  can  be 
attained  from  the  Olle  valley  in  about 
5  hrs.  The  other  arm  of  the  Olle 
valley  leads  in  20  min.  nearly  due 
E.  to  the  Col  de  la  Croix  de  Fer 
(2,062  m. ,  6.765  ft.),  whence  it  is 
if  hr.  to  St.  Jean  d'Arves,  on  the 
route  from  Bourg  d'Oisans  to  St. 
Jean  de  Maurienne,  described  in  the 
preceding  Rte.  (This  course  might  be 
taken  to  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne,  but 
it  is  much  more  circuitous  than  that 
by  the  Col  des  Pres  Nouveaux,  save 
for  travellers  coming  from  Allevard 
or  the  Sept  Laux. ) 

The  path  to  La  Chambre  quits 
that  of  the  Croix  de  Fer  about  5 
min.  beyond  the  last  chalets,  and 
turning  to  the  N.E,  mounts  in 
\  hr.  to  the  huts  of  Plan  du  Col, 
on  the  Col  du  Grlandon  (1,951  m., 
6,401  ft.),  which  is  at  the  head  of 
a  lateral  glen,  the  Combe  du  Glaudon, 
or  des  Vi 'Hards,  descending  in  a 
nearly  straight  line  to  the  valley 
of  the  Arc.  By  the  route  we  have 
just  described  the  Col  is  about  2  hrs. 
from  the  Grande  Maison,  or  7|  hrs. 
from  Bourg  d'Oisans.  There  is  a 
pretty  view  from  the  Col,  looking 
down  this  glen  towards  the  moun- 
tains above  Moutiers,  in  the  Taren- 
taise.  The  descent  by  zigzags  is  at 
first  rather  rapid,  and  then  becomes 
more  gentle,  following  first  one,  then 
the  other,  bank  of  the  torrent,  and 
passing  many  chalets  in  rich  pastures. 
On  the  1.  several  glens  lead  to  the 
passes  to  Allevard  described  in  Rte.  H. 
About  ih  hr.  from  the  Col  the  large 
village  at  St.  Colomban  des  Vil lards  is 
reached,  whence  a  char  road  leads  in 
7  m.  to  La  Chambre.  J  hr.  below 
St.  Colomban  is  the  first  of  the  scat- 
tered hamlets  that  make  up  the  com- 
mune of  St.  Alban  des  Villards.  The 


j  valley  of  the  Arc  is  gained  about  1  m. 

j  above  La  Chambre  (§  7.  Rte.  A), 
which  is  thus  about  4  hrs.  from  the 
Col,  or  1  if-  hrs.  from  Bourg  d'Oisans. 

A  glance  at  the  map  will  show 
that  the  valley  of  the  Olle  between 
Allemont  and  the  Col  du  Glan- 
don  describes  a  wide  curve,  and 
thereby  involves  a  long  detour. 
Hence  there  are  several  short  cuts, 

\   which  pass  by  the  village  of  Vaujany. 

\   Vaujany  may  be  reached  from  Alle- 

.   mont  in  1 J  hr.  either  direct  by  a  char 

'  road  (5  m.)  which  quits  that  up 
the  Olle  valley  after  it  has  crossed 
the  Flumet,  or  by  another  on  the  1. 
bank  of  the  Flumet  past  Oz,  a 
hamlet  surmounted  by  the  remains 
of  an  ancient  stronghold.  Vaujany 

■   (1,253   m-j    4;111    ft-)    lies  in  the 

!  Flumet  glen,  and  25  min.  higher  is 
La  Villette,  at  the  junction  of  the 
two  streams  which  join  to  form  the 
Flumet.  By  keeping  up  the  N. 
branch  the  Col  du  Sabot  (2,100  m., 
6.890  ft. )  is  gained  in  1  hr. ,  and  the 
Grande  Maison  in  40  min.  more.  If 

I  the  N.E.  branch  be  followed,  the 
Col  du  Couard  (2,130  m.,  6.9S9  ft.) 
is  attained  in  less  than  if  hr..  and 
then  by  the  Cochette  ravine  the 
Grande  Maison  in  a  long  hour  more. 
Thus  by  the  Sabot  the  distance  from 
Allemont  to  the  Grande  Maison  is 
3 1  hrs. ,  and  by  the  Couard  45--4J  hrs. , 
while  the  round  through  the  Olle 
valley  takes  4}  hrs. 

Ascent  of  the  Grandes  Rousses. 
Between  the  valley  of  the  Olle  and 
those  of  the  Ferrand  and  Arvan  (see 
Rte.  D)  rises  the  considerable  snow- 
clad  mass  of  the  Grandes  Rousses, 
which  extends  about  6  m.  from 
S.S.W.  to  N.N.E.  It  forms  a  long 
ridge  crowned  by  several  peaks,  the 
two  highest  being  in  the  centre,  and 

i  said  to  be  both  of  exactly  equal 
height  (3,473  m.,  11,395  ft-)  On 
the  W.  side  numerous  short  and 
steep  glaciers  are  drained  by  torrents 
which,  after  forming  two  series  of 
small  lakes  on  two  successive  rocky 
terraces  (called  Petites — the  higher — 
and  Balmes   Pousses  espectively 


ROUTE  E.    ASCENT  OF  THE  GRANDES  ROUSSES  127 


flow   into   the    Olle  through  steep 
ravines.      On    this    side   the  best 
starting  point  is  the  Fare  Club  hut. 
On  the  E.  side  the  glaciers  are  larger 
and  less  inclined,  those  of  St.  Sorlin 
and  Sarennes  at  the  N.  and  S.  ends 
being    very    extensive  snowfields. 
The  St.  Sorlin  glacier  feeds  the  main 
branch    of   the   Arvan ;    those  of 
Quirlies  and  Grand  Sablat  pour  their 
streams   into   the    Ferrand  (which 
unites   with   the   Romanche  at  Le 
Freney),    while   that    of  Sarennes 
sends   forth  a  torrent   which  soon 
bends  sharply  to  the  W. ,  and  joins 
the     Romanche     opposite  Bourg 
d'Oisans.    Clavans  d'en  Haut,  in  the 
Ferrand  glen,  and  the  Aigues  Rousses 
huts,  at  the  head  of  that  of  the  Arvan, 
are  the  best  starting  points  on  the  E. 
side   of  the   range   (see   Rte.  D). 
Three  principal  passes  traverse  this 
chain — the  Col  de  la  Pyra?7iide  (to 
the  S.   of  the  S.   Summit)   to  the 
Sarennes     gl.,     the     Breche     des  j 
Grandes  Rousses  (between  the  S.  and 
N.  Summits)  to  the  Quirlies  glacier, 
and  the  Col  de  la  Cochette  (N.  of  the  j 
N.   Summit)   to  the   St.  Sorlin  gl. 
On  the  E.  side  the  lateral  passes  of 
the  Col  du  Gra?id  Sablat  and  the  Col 
des  Quirlies  cross  the  ridges  thrown  j 
out  by  the  main  chain. 

The  N.  Summit  (locally  called  j 
V Etendard)  was  first  climbed  in 
1863  by  Prof.  Bonney  and  Messrs.  ; 
W.  and  G.  S.  Mathews,  who  started 
from  the  highest  hut  in  the  Cochette 
glen  and  ascended  by  the  rocky  N. 
face.  It  is  now  usual  to  start  from 
the  Fare  Club  Hut  (belonging  to 
the  S.T.D.),  2,216  m.,  7,321  ft., 
wThich  lies  rather  above  the  lower 
lake  terrace,  and  may  be  gained 
from  Allemont  in  4  hrs.  by  way  of 
Oz  and  the  Carrelet  lake.  Thence 
the  upper  lake  terrace  is  reached, 
and  a  N.E.  direction  kept  till  the 
Col  de  la  Cochette  (c.  3,100  m. , 
10,171  ft.),  on  the  E.,  can  be  attained 
by  the  Rousses  gl.  and  a  steep 
rocky  wall  (3  hrs.)  Hence  the 
N.  arete  or  the  N.E.  snow  slope  is 
climbed  to  the  summit  (40  min. ), 


which  may  also  be  gained  in  2  hrs. 
from  the  Rousses  gl.  by  mount- 
ing the  rocky  N.W.  spur.  The 
panorama  which  is  thence  obtained  is 
extremely  extensive,  and  the  excur- 
sion is  most  highly  to  be  recom- 
mended. It  is,  of  course,  easy  to 
descend  from  the  Col  across  the 
St.  Sorlin  gl.  in  a  slightly  N.E. 
direction  to  the  Aigues  Rousses  huts 
(2  hrs.  or  less),  whence  a  path  goes 
down  to  the  head  of  the  Arvan  glen, 
and  reascends  the  opposite  slope  to 
the  grassy  Col  d'Ornon  (c.  2,000  m. , 
6,562  ft. — see  Rte.  D.  1)  ;  a  second 
descent  to  the  Arvan  (which  makes 
a  huge  loop),  followed  by  a  second 
ascent,  brings  the  traveller  to  St. 
Jean  d'Arves  in  2J  hrs.  from  Aigues 
Rousses. 

The  S.  Summit  (sometimes  called 
Pic  Bayle)  was  first  attained  in  1874 
by  M.  Bayle,  the  cure  of  Oz.  From 
the  Club  hut  it  is  best  reached  by 
way  either  of  the  Col  de  la  Pyramide 
(c.  3,380  m.,  11,090  ft.)  or  of  the 
Breche  des  Grandes  Rousses.  The 
former  Col  (whence  Bourg  d'Oisans 
may  be  reached  by  the  Grand  Sablat 
and  Sarennes  gls. )  is  easily  gained 
in  2.\  hrs.  from  the  Club  hut  by  snow 
slopes,  and  the  peak  by  the  easy 
snow  slopes  of  the  Grand  Sablat 
gl.  in  \  hr.  more.  The  Breche 
des  Grandes  Rotisses  (c.  3,100  m., 
10,171  ft.)  can  be  gained  without 
difficulty  in  about  3  hrs.  from  the 
Club  hut  (the  descent  to  the  Quirlies 
gl.  is  not  easy,  owing  to  a  short  but 
very  steep  icefall),  whence  the  N. 
arete,  rocky  at  first,  then  snowy, 
leads  to  the  summit  in  1 J  hr.  more. 

A  very  fine  expedition,  recom- 
mended to  active  mountaineers,  is  to 
ascend  the  S.  Summit  from  the  Club 
hut  by  the  Col  de  la  Pyramide,  as 
described  above,  then  to  go  down  by 
the  ridge  to  the  Breche  des  Grandes 
Rousses,  and  to  remount  by  the 
difficult  rocky  S.  arete  of  the  peak 
in  3  hrs.  to  the  N.  Summit,  and 
reach  St.  Jean  d'Arves  by  the  Col  de 
la  Cochette  route.  If  it  is  desired 
to  avoid  the  hard  S.  arete  of  the  N. 


I2S    DAUPH1NE  ALPS.    §  8.  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT 


Summit  (hitherto  climbed  but  once,  by  I 
Mr.  Coolidge,  in  1887)  it  is  easy  to 
descend  from  the  Col  du  Grand  i 
Sablat  (just  S.E.  of  the  S.  Summit) 
to  the  Quirlies  gl.,  to  traverse  both 
branches  of  it  in  a  X.  direction,  and 
then  the  Col  des  Quirlies  to  the  St. 
Sorlin  gl.,  whence  the  N.  Summit 
can  be  attained  by  the  usual  route, 
and  St.  Jean  d'Arves  reached  by  the 
Col  de  la  Cochette  route.  This  last 
traverse  is  specially  convenient  when 
the  start  is  made  from  a  point  on  the 
E.  side. 


Route  F. 

GRENOBLE  OR  CHAMBERY  TO 
ALLEVARD.  EXCURSIONS  AND 
PASSES  FROM  ALLEVARD. 

Allevard  is  most  easily  reached 
from  the  Pontcharra  station  (§  10. 
Rte.  B),  on  the  railway  between 
Grenoble  (26  m.  distant)  and  Cham- 
bery  (13  m.  off).  Thence  a  new 
steam  tramway  runs  up  to  Allevard 
(9  m.)  This  line  mounts  along  the 
right  bank  of  the  Breda  through  very 
beautiful  park-like  scenery  and  com- 
mands pleasing  views  of  the  sur- 
rounding mountains.  Xear  the  \ 
village  of  Dctrier  (5  m.)  the  valley 
turns  sharply  to  the  S.,  and  the  line, 
always  keeping  to  the  right  bank  of 
the  Breda,  mounts  gradually  above 
the  stream  which  flows  in  a  deep 
gorge  below.  The  snowy  mass  of 
the  Gleyzin  appears  to  close  the  head 
of  the  valley.  There  is  also  a 
carriage  road  from  Pontcharra  ^in  ; 
8  m. )  along  the  left  bank  of  the 
Breda,  and  another  (see  below,  a), 
very  picturesque,  from  the  Goncelin  • 
station,  7  m.  nearer  Grenoble  than 
Pontcharra. 

The  sulphur  waters  of  Allevard 
have  only  of  comparatively  recent 
years  attracted  notice,  but  are  now 
annually  frequented  by  many  hun- 


dreds of  visitors.  In  composition  and 
qualities  they  are  said  to  resemble  those 
of  Eaux  Bonnes,  in  the  Pyrenees. 
Allevard,  no  doubt,  owes  much  of 
its  attraction  to  the  beauty  of  its 
scenery  and  the  mildness  of  its 
climate,  which  is  unusually  free  from 
fog.  The  village  stands  on  both 
banks  of  the  Breda,  at  a  height  of 
475  m.  (1,558  ft.)  The  Etablissement 
Thermal  has  very  lately  been  rebuilt, 
and  much  improved.  The  Chateau 
is  not  remarkable,  but  the  grounds 
are  prettily  laid  out,  and  much 
resorted  to  by  visitors. 

Many  excursions  can  be  made  in 
the  environs  of  Allevard,  for  details 
of  which  consult  Joanne's  i  Alpes 
Dauphinoises,'  vol.  i.  (1890),  Rte.  26, 
or  the  Guide  Book  published  in  1895 
by  the  local  Syndicat  dTnitiative. 
That  most  frequently  made  is  to  the 
rocky  cirque  called  the  Bout  du 
Monde  (J  hr. ),  passing  the  great  iron 
foundry  on  the  way.  20  min.  from 
the  Baths  is  a  curious  ruin  (now 
restored  inside)  commanding  a  fine 
view  :  it  is  called  the  Tourdu  Treuil, 
and  dates  from  the  ninth  or  tenth 
century.  A  charming  excursion 
(2  firs,  by  carriage  road)  is  past 
Arvillard  (5  m.)  and  through  the 
Bens  glen  to  the  picturesquely 
situated  ruins  of  the  Chartreuse  de 
St.  Hugou  (827  m.j  2,713  ft.), 
founded  c.  1175  by  St.  Hugh  of 
Grenoble.  The  route  passes  by  the 
remarkable  Pont  du  Diable,  whence 
a  pedestrian  may  vary  the  return  by 
regaining  the  high  road  at  Pont  de 
Bens  by  way  of  Montgaren* 

The  ascent  of  the  Brame  Farine 
(1,231  m.j  4,039  ft.),  a  point  N.W. 
of  the  village,  in  the  ridge  between 
the  valley  of  the  Breda  and  that  of 
the  Isere,  may  be  made  in  \\  hr. 
by  a  mule  path,  which  passes  by  the 
hamlet  of  Crozet.  The  ridge  is 
thickly  wooded,  so  that  it  is  only 
from  two  or  three  points  that  an  un- 
interrupted view — extending  to  the 
glaciers  of  the  Tarentaise — can  be 
obtained.  (To  the  S.  the  Cinq 
Pointes,  accessible  from  the  Col  de 


ROUTE  F.    GRENOBLE  OR  CHAMBERY  TO  ALLEVARD  129 


Bariot — see  a.  below — command 
an  even  finer  view. )  In  descending 
from  the  Brame  Farine  chalet 
(20  min.  below  the  top)  visitors  often 
avail  themselves  of  the  sledges  which 
are  used  for  the  conveyance  of  wood, 
reaching  the  Baths  in  15  min.  This 
descent  d  la  ramasse  has  been  vividly 
described  by  M.  Alphonse  Daudet  in 
4  Numa  Roumestan.'  S.  of  the 
Baths  the  Trillat  (1,359  m. ,  4,459  ft. ), 
on  which  are  the  extensive  iron  mines 
that  play  an  important  part  in  the 
history  of  Allevard,  is  often  ascended 
(1 J  hr.)  for  the  sake  of  the  view. 

More  energetic  persons  will  prefer 
to  ascend  the  Petit  Charnier ^ 
2,124  m->  6,969  ft.  (4I-5  hrs. ),  or 
the  Grand  Charnier,  2,564  m., 
8,412  ft.  (6  hrs.),  to  the  E.  of  the  | 
Baths  (see  Rte.  H.  1).  The  way  lies 
through  the  Veyton  glen  to  the  Col 
de  Claraii  (horses  go  as  far  as  the 
Col),  to  the  N.W.  of  the  Petit 
Charnier  ;  the  Col  can  also  be 
reached  by  the  Grand  Collet  ridge 
on  the  N.W.  From  the  Col  the 
Petit  Charnier  is  reached  in  §  hr.  ; 
the  Grand  Charnier  is  1  \  hr.  further 
on,  and  can  also  be  attained  from  the 
Col  de  Bourbiere  (between  the  Bens 
and  Veyton  glens),  on  the  S.E. 

The  great  excursion  from  the 
Baths  is  that  to  the  Sept  Laux,  de- 
scribed in  the  next  Rte.  The  best 
headquarters  for  climbers  in  that 
group  is  at  Le  Curtillard. 

The  principal  passes  from  Allevard 
to  the  Romanche  and  Arc  valleys  are 
described  in  Rtes.  G  and  H  respec- 
tively. Many  other  easier  passes  lead 
in  various  directions  (especially  to  the 
valley  of  the  Arc,  on  the  E. ),  and  may 
be  briefly  noticed  here. 

(a)  To  Grenoble.  —  A  much-fre- 
quented carriage  road  passes  by  St. 
Piei-re  d^  Allevard  (2  m. ),  where  a 
ruined  tower  is  the  only  remaining 
vestige  of  a  Cluniac  monastery,  dating 
from  the  eleventh  century.  2  m. 
further  is  the  village  of  Mo?'etel,  near 
which  are  seen  the  remains  of  two 
ruined  castles.  In  traversing  by  a  com- 
paratively low  pass  the  ridge  which 
I. 


separates  the  Breda  from  the  Isere 
the  road  commands  a  fine  view  of 
the  range  of  the  Grande  Chartreuse, 
opposite.  About  7  m.  from  the 
Baths  is  Goncelin,  a  railway  station 
19  m.  from  Grenoble.  Another 
carriage  road  (very  picturesque)  leaves 
the  last-named  route  at  Saille  (3  m. 
from  the  Baths),  crosses  the  Col  de 
Bariot 1,053  m.,  3,455  ft.  (hence 
the  Cinq  Pointes  may  be  ascended), 
and  descends  by  Theys  to  Tencin 
station,  16  m.  from  Grenoble. 

(b)  To  Chamousset. — A  char  road 
leads  in  about  5  m.  to  Arvillard,  and 
thence  in  2  m.  to  La  Rochette  (2  m. 
by  tramway  from  Detrier),  in  the 
valley  of  the  Gelon.  Following  one 
or  other  bank  of  that  stream,  it 
reaches  Chamousset  station  (§7. 
Rte.  A),  in  the  valley  of  the  Arc,  in 
about  20-22  m.  from  the  Baths. 

(c)  To  Aiguebelle. — The  Gelon 
torrent  makes  so  sharp  an  angle  at 
La  Rochette  that  by  turning  slightly 
to  the  right  at  that  village  from  the 
road  just  described  it  is  possible  to 
ascend  the  upper  Gelon  valley  by 
a  carriage  road,  and  at  its  head  reach 
by  mule  path  a  low  pass,  the  Col  de 
Mont  Gilbert  (1,271  m.,  4,170  ft.), 
by  which  Aiguebelle  is  attained  in 
5f  hrs.  from  the  Baths. 

(d)  To  Epierre. — Three  paths  lead 
hither,  but,  though  the  distance  in  a 
direct  line  is  less  than  to  Chamousset 
or  Aiguebelle,  from  6  to  7  hrs.  are 
required.  The  easiest,  but  most 
circuitous,  way  is  by  La  Rochette. 
The  road  mounts  hence  by  the  left 
bank  of  the  Gelon,  passing  the  ham- 
lets of  Presle  and  Le  Ve7'7ieil  (2-|  m. ), 
whence  a  mule  path  turns  to  the  S.E. 
through  a  lateral  valley  leading  to 
the  Col  d "*  Arbaretan  or  Herbai'ieta7i 
(1,847  m.,  6,060  ft.),  and  then 
descends  to  St.  Pierre  de  Belleville 
(5  hrs.),  on  the  1.  bank  of  the  Arc, 
about  ii|  m.  below  Epierre.  Another 
path  mounts  from  Presle  by  the  glen 
of  the  Jondron  to  the  Col  de  la  Perdu 
(e.  2,000  m.,  6,562  ft.),  2f  hrs. 
from  Presle.  From  the  Col  the 
easiest  way  is  to  descend  the  Ar- 

K 


130    DAUPHIN^  ALPS.    §8.  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT 


baretan  ravine  to  the  N.E.,  which 
leads  to  St.  Pierre  de  Belleville 
(ij  hr. )  Another,  and  rather 
shorter,  way  is  to  pass  a  second  Col, 
lying  to  the  E.  of  the  Col  de  la 
Perche,  which  leads  direct  to  St. 
Leger,  a  short  distance  above  Epierre 
on  the  opposite  or  1.  bank  of  the 
Arc. 

(e)  To  St.  Remy. — The  most 
direct  course  from  Allevard  to  the 
upper  valley  of  the  Arc  is  by  the 
Col  de  la  Fraiche  (2,181  m., 
7,156  ft.),  which  leads  by  a  path  in 
6  hrs.  to  St.  Remy,  about  half-way 
between  Epierre  and  La  Chambre. 
From  Arvillard  the  road  follows  the 
r.  bank  of  the  Bens  torrent  for 
about  1  hr.  to  the  Chartreuse  de  St. 
Hugon(2  hrs.  from  the  Baths),  men- 
tioned above.  Keeping  to  the  N. 
side  of  the  valley,  often  called  the 
Combe  de  St.  Hugon,  the  foot  path 
reaches  the  hamlet  of  Plan  in  J  hr. 
further,  and  then,  ascending  by 
zigzags  the  mountain  slope  to  the 
1. ,  attains  the  Col  in  2J-3  hrs.  from 
the  Chartreuse.  From  the  summit 
St.  Remy  is  reached  in  if  hr.  of 
rapid  descent.  By  a  slight  detour  of 
less  than  J  hr. ,  through  wilder  and 
more  striking  scenery,  the  traveller 
may  reach  another  pass,  the  Col 
oVArpingon  (2,225  m->  7, 300  ft.), 
lying  a  short  distance  further  S.  than 
the  Col  de  la  Fraiche.  The  paths 
unite  again  a  short  distance-  above  St. 
Remy. 


Route  G. 

ALLEVARD  TO  BOURG  D'OISANS. 
THE  SEPT  LAUX. 

7-8  hrs.  to  the  inn  at  the  Sept  Laux 
by  char  road  to  Fond  de  France, 
and  mule  path  thence  ;  6-7  hrs.  to 
Bourg  d'Oisans  by  foot  path  to  Rivier 
dAllemont,  char  road  thence  to  La 
RochetaillCe  station,  and  so  by  steam 
tramway  to  Bourg  d'Oisans. 

This  is  an  interesting  excursion, 
but  the  distance  is  too  great  for  a 


day's  walk  (unless  under  exceptional 
circumstances),  and  it  is  better  to 
sleep  at  Le  Curtillard,  or  at  the  inn 
at  the  Sept  Laux.  The  Col  du 
Merdaret  and  the  Col  de  la  Coche 
enable  a  traveller  to  go  direct  from 
the  Sept  Laux  to  Grenoble,  but  it  is 
probably  more  convenient  now  to 
descend  to  the  new  steam  tram  line 
at  La  Rochetaillee. 

The  char  road  from  Allevard  to  the 
upper  valley  of  the  Breda  follows  the 
r.  bank  of  that  stream,  the  Gleyzin 
and  its  glaciers  forming  a  fine  feature 
in  the  view  in  front.  It  is  4  m.  to 
Pinsot,  at  the  junction  of  the  Breda 
with  the  Gleyzin  torrent.  (For  the 
pass  to  La  Chambre  see  next  Rte. , 
as  well  as  for  the  ascent  of  the  Pic  du 
Gleyzin  (2,789  m.,  9,151  ft.)  The 
ascent  continues,  not  steep,  along  the 
same  bank  of  the  Breda  to  La  Fer- 
riere  (3  m. ),  and  a  short  distance  be- 
yond, after  passing  Grand  Thiervoz,  is 
Le  Curtillard  (9  m.,  or  2  hrs.'  drive 
from  Allevard),  with  the  good  little 
H.  de  Bains,  the  best  starting  point 
for  excursions  in  this  valley.  (For  the 
Col  de  Valloire  to  La  Chambre,  see 
next  Rte. )  The  road  here  passes  to 
the  1.  bank  of  the  Breda,  and  in  \  hr. 
more  comes  to  an  end  at  the  hamlet 
of  Fond  de  France  (see  next  Rte.  for 
the  Col  de  la  Croix  to  La  Chambre), 
which  is  at  the  mouth  of  the  Combe 
de  Madame,  and  at  the  foot  of  the 
steep  ascent  towards  the  Sept  Laux. 
The  basin  of  the  Fond  de  France  is 
formed  by  the  union  of  three  lateral 
valleys — those  of  Madame  >  Pleyney, 
and  Breda.  At  its  upper  end  is  the 
fine  waterfall  of  Pissou,  which  is 
seen  from  afar,  and  may  be  visited 
by  a  detour  of  a  few  minutes.  Near 
it  the  path  mounts  steeply  up  a  slope 
where  beeches  are  still  seen  among 
the  birches  and  pines  to  a  wooded 
plateau,  whence  a  second  and  steeper 
ascent  brings  the  traveller  (i-|  hr. 
from  Fond  de  France)  to  the  Gleyzin 
de  la  Ferriere  chalet  (1,610  m., 
5,282  ft.) 

[This  is  the  best  point  from 
which  to  gain,  in  2  hrs.,  by  a  path 


ROUTE  G.    ALLEVARD  TO  BOURG  D'OISANS  131 


winding  round  the  mountain  slopes 
to  the  S. ,  and  then  making  a  great 
loop  towards  the  N.,  the  Col  du 
Merdaret  (1,823  m.,  5,981  ft.), 
which  commands  an  admirable  view 
of  the  peaks  of  the  Allevard  group. 
It  may  also  be  gained  by  a  good  path 
from  La  Ferriere.  A  path  leads  down 
in  a  N.W.  direction  to  Theys  (2  hrs.), 
a  village  which  is  said  to  have  the 
finest  position  in  the  Graisivaudan 
valley.  It  is  4  m.  hence  by  a  char 
road  to  Tencin  station  (§10.  Rte.  B), 
16  m.  from  Grenoble.  This  is  one  of 
the  most  frequented  routes  from  Gre- 
noble to  the  valley  of  the  Breda,  and 
the  most  agreeable,  though  of  course 
not  the  shortest,  from  Allevard  or  the 
Sept  Laux  to  that  city.  ] 

The  Gleyzin  chalet  stands  on  a  shelf, 
and  a  third  ascent,  by  many  zigzags,  is 
required  (a  pretty  waterfall  of  the  Breda 
is  passed  on  the  way)  to  gain  the  Lac 
Noir,  the  first  of  the  Sept  Laux.  The 
way  henceforward  is  nearly  level,  and 
passes  between  the  Lac  de  la  Motte 
and  the  Lac  de  Cotepen  (leaving  the 
Lac  Blanc  above  on  the  1. )  before 
skirting  along  the  W.  shore  of  the 
Lac  du  Col  (pronounced  Cos),  above 
which  stands  (4  hrs.  from  Fond  de 
France)  the  convenient  little  mountain 
inn  (2,185  m->  7 ft-)  built  here 
in  1 88 1  by  the  indefatigable  '  Societe 
des  Touristes  du  Dauphine,'  which 
has  done  so  much  to  attract  travellers 
to  the  Dauphine  Alps.  There  is  a 
boat  on  the  lake.  The  scenery  has 
more  of  wildness  than  sublimity,  but 
it  affords  an  agreeable  change  for 
water  drinkers  from  Allevard  or 
Uriage,  and  even  for  those  who  do 
not  limit  themselves  to  snow-clad 
mountains. 

[Several  of  the  neighbouring  points 
can  be  ascended.  That  usually  visited 
is  the  Kocner  Blanc,  or  Pic  de  la 
Pyramid  8  (2,931  m.,  9,617  ft.), 
which  is  the  highest,  and  so  com- 
mands the  finest  view,  while  the 
traveller  may  descend  from  it  on 
several  different  sides.  The  ascent  is 
made  by  passing  round  the  N.  end  of 
the  Lac  du  Col,  then  going  up  stony 


slopes  to  a  small  gl. ,  and  mounting 
by  this  or  its  1.  bank  to  the  gap  called 
Col  de  la  Pyr amide,  or  d  A  my  ant  he, 
just  S.  of  the  peak  (2-2J  hrs.)  Hence 
the  summit  is  \  hr,  distant  by  rounding 
a  little  on  the  E.  side,  and  then  follow- 
ing the  ridge.  The  view  is  very  fine, 
including  the  Mont  Blanc  chain,  the 
Grand  Combin,  and  many  of  the 
Zermatt  peaks,  besides  all  the  great 
summits  of  the  Tarentaise  and  the 
Dauphine,  not  to  mention  the  nearer 
points,  the  Lac  du  Bourget,  and  a 
bit  of  the  Graisivaudan  valley,  From 
the  Rocher  Blanc  it  is  easy  to  descend 
to  the  N.E.  by  a  small  gl.  into  the 
Combe  de  Madame,  and  so  reach  the 
Pissou  waterfall  in  about  3  hrs.  from 
the  summit.  From  the  gap  to  the  S. 
of  the  peak  the  traveller  can  go  down 
a  small  gl.,  or  the  rocks  on  its  r. 
bank,  to  the  Riou  Claret  glen, 
through  which  a  path  along  the  1,  side 
leads  down  to  the  Quatre  Maisons 
chalets,  in  the  upper  Combe  d'Olle 
(if-2hrs.),  on  the  Col  du  Glandon 
track  (Rte.  E),  which  may  be  fol- 
lowed either  to  La  Chambre  or  to 
Bourg  d'Oisans.  (By  crossing  the  Col 
de  la  Croix  de  Fer  (Rte.  E),  at  the 
very  head  of  the  Olle  valley,  St.  Jean 
d'Arves  (Rte.  D)  may  be  gained  in 
3-3 \  hrs.  from  Quatre  Maisons.] 

The  Lac  du  Col  is  the  highest  of  a 
group  of  lakes  lying  amidst  the  cluster 
of  peaks  that  separate  the  Combe 
d'Olle  from  the  sources  of  the  Breda. 
The  largest,  which  lie  near  the  path, 
are  seven  in  number,  three  being 
beyond  the  Col  des  Sept  Laux,  and 
so  having  a  S.  outfall.  There  are 
several  small  lakes  at  hand,  so  that 
the  total  number  is  eleven. 

From  the  inn  an  ascent  of  5  min. 
leads  to  the  Col  des  Sept  Laux 
(2,184m.,  7,166  ft.),  and  then  the 
track  runs  S.  over  a  dreary  rock 
plateau,  with  two  lakes,  to  the  Col  de 
I'Homme  (1  hr.),  whence  a  very  fine 
view  is  gained  of  the  lower  bit  of  the 
Olle  valley,  just  at  the  spectator's 
feet,  with  the  Grandes  Rousses  and 
other  snowy  peaks  as  a  background, 

[A  faintly  marked  path  winds  hence 

K  2 


132    DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  8.  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT 


round  the  mountain  buttresses  in  a 
S.W.  direction  to  gain  the  Col  de  la 
Cocke  (1,979  ni.,  6,493  2~3  nrs- 
from  the  inn.  Hence  the  foot  path 
descends  to  Prabert  in  2\  hrs., 
whence  a  char  road  leads  in  i~  hr. 
by  Laval  to  Brignoud  station,  12  m. 
from  Grenoble.  If  bound  for  Grenoble 
it  is  more  direct  from  the  inn  not  to 
cross  the  Col  de  F Homme,  however, 
but  the  Col  de  la  Vache,  rather 
further  to  the  W.  over  the  same 
ridge,  whence  too  there  is  an  easy 
descent  to  Rivier.jJ 

The  descent  to  Rivier  d'Allemont 
is  long  and  steep.  A  faint  track 
leads  down  a  narrow  rock  gorge, 
bearing  the  alarming  (but  totally 
unjustified)  name  of  '  Cheminee  du 
Diddle.*  (It  is  easy  to  avoid  it,  by 
keeping  by  the  stream  all  the  way,  or 
to  cross  it,  when  some  way  down, 
to  its  r.  bank,  and  then  bear  S.W. 
past  the  Chomes  huts. )  In  either 
way  the  hamlet  of  Rivier  d* Allemont 
is  attained  (if -2  hrs.  from  the  Col  de 
l'Homme),  and  thenceforward  the  Col 
du  Glandon  route  (Rte.  E)  is  followed 
to  the  Rochetaillee  station,  m.  from 
Bourg  d'Oisans,  or  26  m.  from  Gre- 
noble 


Route  H. 

ALLEVARD  TO  LA  CHAMBRE. 

A  glance  at  the  map  suffices  to 
show  that  the  line  of  peaks  extending 
from  the  Rocher  Blanc  to  the  Pic  du 
Frene  divides  two  glens  which  are 
roughly  parallel  to  each  other.  That 
on  the  W.  side  is  the  upper  valley  of 
the  Breda,  described  in  the  preceding 
Rte.,  while  that  on  the  E.  (running 
from  N.E.  to  S.W.  rather  than  due 
N.  and  S..  like  the  Breda  glen)  is 
the  Combe  des  Villards,  opening  out 
into  the  Arc  valley  at  La  Chambre. 
There  are  thus  many  passes  leading 
over  this  ridge,  through  the  glens 
on  either  side  ;  while  (as  was  pointed 


I  out  in  the  last  Rte. )  one  way  down 
the  Rocher  Blanc  leads  to  the  Col  du. 
Glandon  route  (which  goes  over  to 
the  Villards  glen),  and  another  to  the 
Allevard  side  of  the  Col  de  la  Croix, 
so  that  it  is  possible  to  take  that 
summit  on  the  way  to  La  Chambre. 
The  passes  proper  are  described  in 
order  from  N.  to  S. 

1.  Col  du  Mer  let.— Leaving  Alle- 
;  vard  by  the  char  road  leading  above 
the  iron  works  in  the  direction  of  the 
I  Fond  de  France  and  Sept  Laux  (see 
I  Rte.  G),  the  hamlet  of  Panissieres 
I  is  traversed,  and  the  road  left  where 
I  it  crosses  the  Veyton  torrent  by  a  bridge, 
j  The  mule  track  now  turns  S.E.  and 
!  follows  the  Veyton  glen,  sometimes 
j  close  to  the  stream,  sometimes  at  a 
j  height  above  it,  till  in  2J-  hrs.  it 
'   reaches  the  Chev?-ette  saw  mill. 

[Hence  the  Petit  Charnier  (2,124 
1  m.,  6,969  ft. )  is  easily  ascended  in  2\ 
hrs.  by  the  Col  de  Claran  on  its  N.W. 
The  Grand  Charnier  (2,564  m., 
8,412  ft.)  is  if  hr.  further  off,  but  is 
better  climbed  from  the  S.E.  by  way 
of  the  Col  de  Bourbiere  (see  below). 
The  latter  peak  commands  an  ex- 
tensive view,  but  is  overlooked  by  its 
neighbour,  the  Pic  du  Frene.  3 

The  path  to  the  Col,  soon  after 
passing  Chevrette,  reaches  the  base 
of  a  long  and  steep  slope,  called 
Tireqnoy.  It  now  becomes  a  mere 
foot  path,  and  ascends  this  slope  by 
numerous  zigzags.  This  leads  to  a 
rocky  hollow,  followed,  after  another 
ascent,  by  a  second,  and  this  again 
by  a  third,  still  wilder  and  more 
j  desolate. 

[At  the  last  chalet  a  path  bears  to 
the  N.E.  over  the  Col  de  Bourbiere 
to  the  head  of  the  Bens  glen, 
whence  there  is  a  rough  pass,  the 
Col  du  Frene  or  de  la  Pierre,  by 
which  St.  Remy,  a  little  below  La 
Chambre,  may  be  gained  in  7  or 
8  hrs.  from  the  Baths.  Near  the 
head  of  the  Veyton  glen  a  ravine  to 
the  N.E.,  that  of  Frene,  affords  the 
best  route  to  the  summit  of  the  Pic 
du  Frene,  or  Grand  Clocher  dti  Frene 
I   (2,808  m.,   9,213  ft.),  the  highest 


ROUTE  H.    ALLEVARD  TO  LA  CHAMBRE 


133 


point  in  these  parts  :  it  is  gained 
in  3  hrs.  from  the  head  of  the  Veyton 
glen  by  way  of  the  Jerusalevi  chalet.  3 
From  the  head  of  the  glen  the 
Merlet  path  turns  due  E.,  and  soon 
disappears  amid  the  loose  rocks, 
intermixed  with  patches  of  snow, 
that  lead  up  to  the  Col  du  Merlet, 
2,294  m.,  7,527  ft..  (5  hrs.  from 
Allevard),  with  the  Pic  die  Merlet 
{2,566  m.,  8,419  ft.)  on  the  N.  The 
descent  lies  at  first  down  a  huge  pile 
of  debris,  below  which  is  the  highest 
chalet  on  the  E.  side.  Keeping  to. 
the  N.  side  of  the  torrent,  two 
hollows,  forming  successive  steps  in 
the  descent,  are  passed,,  and  then  the 
torrent  is  crossed  to  and  fro  three 
times,  till,  after  passing  the  Velle-- 
chaud  chalet,  the  traveller  finds  him- 
self on  the  verge  of  a  precipitous 
slope,  down  which  the  stream 
plunges  in  a  succession  of  rapids  and 
waterfalls.  The  track  keeps  to  the 
r. ,  and  winds  down  the  mountain- 
side till,  in  the  valley  below,  it  falls 
into  a  rough  char  road.  This  leads 
to  Le  Molard,  the  chief  hamlet  of 
St.  Alban  des  Villards,  1^-  hr. 
(There  is  a  shorter  way  by.  following 
the  bank  of  the  torrent  itself.) 
The  char  road  thence  descends  the 
Glandon  or  Villards  valley  to  La 
Chambre  (i§  hr. ),  reached  in  8  hrs. 
from  Allevard. 

2.  Col  du  Grand  Glacier. — Thetrack 
to  this  pass  starts  from 
from  Allevard  on  the  road  leading  up 
towards  the  Sept  Laux  (Rte.  G),.and 
ascends  the  Gleyzin  glen,.  After 
passing  several  chalets,  those  of 
Combe  Grasse  are  reached  (3  hrs.), 
where  the  mule  path  comes  to  an 
end. 

[Hence  the  Pic  du  Gleyzin 
(2,789  m.,  9,151  ft.)  can  be  best 
climbed  in  4^  hrs.  from  the  gap  to  its 
S.,  though  the  ascent  is  usually  made 
by  the  Veyton  glen  by  the  N.  face.  J 

A  long  ascent  leads  to  the  Gleyzin 
gk,  over  which  (or  by  its  N.  side) 
the  pass  (2,740  m.,  8,990  ft.)  is 
gained  (3  hrs.)  It  lies  to  the  S.  of 
the    Fointe    du     Grand  Glacier 


(2,827  m.,  9,275  ft.),  which  is  pro- 
bably accessible  from  this  point. 

[Hence  the  Puy  Gris  (2,992  m. , 
9,816  ft.),  the  highest  summit  in  the 
ranges  round  Allevard,  can  be  climbed 
by  gaining  the  Col  of  the  same  name 
to  its  W. ,  and  then  clambering  over  a 
ridge  of  rotten  rocks,  or  by  going  from 
the  Col  down  to  the  Cleraus  gk,  and 
thence  by  a  gully  attaining  the  W. 
ridge  higher  than  the  great  towTer 
which  forms  the  chief  obstacle. 
About  I J  hr.  suffices  from  the  Col  du 
Grand  Glacier.  3 

The  descent  is  made  by  the  Puy  Gris 
gl.  and  the  deep-cut,  Arbe  glen  to  St. 
Colomban  des  Villards  (2  hrs.),  some 
way  above. .St.  Alban  des  Villards,  and 
about  7  m.  by  road  from  La  Chambre. 

3.  Ccl  de  Valloire.—  The  starting 
point  ,  for  this  pass  is  Le  Curtillard 
(9  m.,  or  2  hrs.'  drive  from  Allevard). 
The  way  lies  to  the  S.E.  through  the 
Grande  Valloire  ravine.  To  avoid 
the  narrow  gorge  through  which  the 
torrent  rushes  to  join  the  Breda,  the 
path  mounts  along  the  slopes  above 
its  r.  bank,  then  crosses  to  the 
opposite  side,  and  makes  a  detour  to 
reach  the  farther  side  of  a  lateral 
ravine.  In  less  than  1  hr.  the  path 
returns  to  the  r.  bank  at  the 
Upper  Valloire  chalets,  and  mounts 
easily  to  the  end  of  the  glen,  which 
is  occupied  by  three  small  lakes. 
(Hence  the  Col  de  Comberousse 
enables  a  traveller  to  reach  the  ridge 
W.  of  Puy  Gris,  and  so  to  take  this 
peak  on  the  way  from  Le  Curtillard 
to  Pinsot  and  Allevard.)  A  steeper 
ascent,  finally  over  a  small  gk, 
leads  to  the  Col  de  Valloire 
(c.  2,720  m.,  8,924  ft.),  just  N.  of 
the  Rocker  (PArguille  (2,887  m-> 
9,472  ft.),  2  hrs.  20  min.  (leisurely 
walkers  take  3  hrs. )  from  Grand 
Thiervoz,  near  Le  Curtillard.  On 
the  E.  side  the  track  keeps  to  the 
1.  bank  of  the  torrent,  and,  passing 
through  the  Tepey  glen,  in  2  hrs. 
reaches  St.  Colomban  des  Villards, 
whence  it  is  7  m.  by  road  to  La 
Chambre.  In  all  the  distance  from 
Grand  Thiervoz  to  La  Chambre  has 


134    DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  S.  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT 


been  done  in  6  hrs.  35  min.,  but 
ordinary  travellers  will  probably  take 
longer.  Joanne  allows  nearly  12  hrs. 
for  the  pass. 

4.  Col  de  ia  Croix. — Close  to  the 
waterfall  of  Pissou  (Rte.  G),  above 
Le  Curtillard,  is  the  opening  of 
the  Combe  de  Madame,  through 
which  a  track  leads  in  2-3  hrs.  to  the 
Col  de  la  Croix  (2,558  m.,  8,393  ft.), 
at  its  head.  Many  zigzags  lead  down 
on  the  E.  side  to  the  very  head  of 
the  Villards  glen,  through  which  the 
Col  du  Glandon  route  is  followed  to 
La  Chambre.  It  is  said  that  4  hrs. 
suffice  for  the  whole  of  the  descent, 
but  probably  more  is  really  required. 
Travellers  are  warned  not  to  take  a 
so-called  short  cut  to  the  Col  de  la 
Croix  from  St.  Colomban  des  Villards 
by  the  S.W.  arm  of  the  Combe 
de  Tepey  and  the  Col  de  Brabant. 
From  the  S.W.  bay  of  the  Combe  de 
Madame  the  Rocher  Blanc  (2,931  m., 
9,617  ft.)  may  be  attained  direct  (see 
Rte.  G1.  The  highest  and  central 
point  (c.  2.945  m*3  9-662  ft.)  of  the 
fine  rocky  mass  of  the  RocJiers  de 
V Argentiere^  between  that  summit 
and  the  Col  de  la  Croix,  long  defied 
all  assaults,  but  was  finally  climbed 
in  1893  by  way  of  a  gully  (accessible 
from  N.  and  S. )  which  led  up  to  the 
ridge  to  the  E.  of  the  peak,  and  then 
of  the  rocks  of  the  X.  face.  The 
start  was  made  from  the  Riou  Claret 
huts,  or  Quatre  Maisons,  in  the  Olle 
valley,  and  the  descent  effected  into 
the  Combe  de  Madame. 

Route  I. 

GRENOBLE     TO     URIAGE.  ASCENT 
OF  BELLEDONNE. 

Uriage  is  now  best  reached  from 
Grenoble  by  the  new  steam  tramway, 
which  starts  from  the  P.L.M.  rail- 
way station,  and  takes  about  I  hr.  to 
traverse  8  m.  (going  on  from  Uriage 
by  Vaulnaveys  to  Vizille,  6  m.  fur- 
ther).   At  Gieres  (4  m. ),  on  the  main 


line  from  Grenoble  to  Chambery 
(§  10.  Rte.  B),  the  traveller  coming 
from  Chambery  (35  m. )  may  join  this 
Route.  Beyond  Gieres  the  tramway 
mounts  through  the  pretty  wooded 
gorge  of  the  Sonnant,  past  the  hamlet 
of  the  same  name,  to  Uriage,  the 
station  being  at  the  X.  end  of  the 
village. 

Uriage  (414  m.,  1,358  ft.)  is  a 
hamlet  of  St.  Martin  d'Uriage,  which 
is  nearly  200  m.  (656  ft. )  higher  up.  Its 
waters  were  known  to  the  Romans, 
but  it  is  only  since  1841  that,  owing 
to  the  enterprise  of  the  Marquis 
de  Ferriol,  the  proprietor,  Uriage 
has  become  a  favourite  resort  of  inva- 
lids, the  waters  being  specially  effi- 
cacious in  the  case  of  skin  diseases 
and  nervous  affections.  The  annual 
number  of  visitors,  almost  exclusively 
French,  is  estimated  at  5.000.  The 
buildings  are  handsome  and  con- 
venient, and  include  a  fine  Casino, 
as  well  as  an  admirably  appointed 
Etablissement  des  Bains,  &c.,  all 
built  in  an  English  park.  Imme- 
diately above  the  village  (J  hr. )  is 
the  Chateau  (507  m.,  1.663 
which  contains  a  collection  of  local 
and  Egyptian  antiquities,  some  good 
pictures,  and  a  natural  history  mu- 
seum, all  open  to  visitors.  It  belongs 
to  M.  de  St.  Ferriol,  who  is  the 
owner  of  the  entire  place,  and  has 
laid  out  large  sums  in  improvements. 
The  village  of  St.  Martin  d'Uriage  is 
a  little  way  above  the  Chateau,  and 
is  frequented  by  those  who  desire 
greater  quietness  than  can  be  ob- 
tained at  the  Baths  themselves.  There 
are  many  agreeable  excursions  in  the 
neighbourhood.  The  Montague  des 
Quatre  Seigneurs  (940  m.,  3,084  ft.) 
may  be  reached  in  i-|  hr. ,  and  com- 
mands a  fine  view,  but  its  highest 
point  is  now  crowned  by  a  fort,  and 
is  therefore  inaccessible  to  visitors. 
The  Cascade  de  VOursiere  tejhrs.), 
and  the  Chartreuse  de  Premol 
(if  hr.),  are  often  visited  from 
Uriage,  particularly  by  those  who 
are  on  their  way  up  Chanrousse  or 
Belledonne. 


ROUTE  I.    ASCENT  OF  BELLEDONNE 


These  two  mountains  form  the 
chief  inducement  for  a  mountaineer 
to  visit  Uriage.  The  ascent  of  Chan- 
rousse  is  often  made  by  pedestrians 
who  do  not  undertake  the  more 
laborious  escalade  of  Belledonne. 
The  summit  (2,255  m->  7? 397  ft-)  is 
marked  by  a  cross,  which  from  its 
great  size  is  apt  to  mislead  those 
who  suppose  themselves  near  the  top 
of  the  mountain.  The  view  is  very 
fine,  but  to  the  N.  and  N.E.  the 
panorama  is  closed  by  the  higher 
summits  of  the  Belledonne  range. 
The  usual  way  up  it  is  to  mount 
by  a  mule  path  to  the  picturesquely 
situated  ruins  of  the  old  Carthusian 
house  of  Premol,  1,095  m.,  3,593  ft. 
(if  hr.),  destroyed  at  the  Revolution. 
(The  Colde  Premol  isf  hr.  distant,  by 
a  char  road  which  descends  in  2  hrs. 
to  Sechilienne,  in  the  valley  of  the 
Romanche.  Rte.  A).  2  hrs.  beyond 
is  the  Roche  Beranger  inn  (1,850  m., 
6,070  ft. ),  built  by  the  '  Societe  des 
Touristes  du  Dauphine '  (Alpine 
garden  close  by),  and  \\  hr.  further 
( always  by  mule  path)  is  the  summit 
of  Chanrousse,  5  hrs.  from  Uriage. 
(There  is  a  steeper  and  shorter  way 
from  Uriage  for  pedestrians  by  the 
Recoin  gorge,  E.  of  the  Baths. )  The 
most  interesting  way  for  the  descent 
is  to  go  by  the  Lacs  Robert  to  the 
Cascade  de  POursiere  [\\  hr. ),  on  the 
Belledonne  route.  ( From  those  lakes  j 
a  traveller  bound  for  Bourg  d'Oisans 
may  reach  the  Col  des  Grandes 
Escombailles  in  2  hrs.,  and  descend 
in  I  hr.  40  min.  more  to  Li  vet,  in 
the  valley  of  the  Romanche.  Rte.  A. ) 

To  a  mountaineer  the  most  inte- 
resting excursion  to  be  made  from 
Uriage  is  the  ascent  of  Belledonne, 
(In  these  regions  the  French 
Government  map  is  better  than  the 
FoJoo-)  This  mountain  is  composed 
of  three  peaks  —  the  Grand  Pic 
(2,981  m.,  9,781  ft.),  the  Pic  Central 
(2,928  m.,  9,607  ft.),  and  the  Croix 
de  Belledonne  (2,903  m.,  9,525  ft.), 
in  order  from  N.E.  to  S.W.  The  last- 
named  is  that  most  frequently  climbed 
from  Uriage.    A  mule  path  mounts 


from  the  Baths  past  St.  Martin 
d' Uriage,  and  then  through  a  thick 
forest  to  the  striking  Cascade  de 
VOnrsiere  (1,480  m.,  4,856  ft.),  fed 
by  the  snows  of  Belledonne  (3^  hrs. ) 
It  then  continues  to  ascend,  in  a 
N.E.  direction,  and,  passing  through 
several  rocky  and  grassy  basins,  wTith 
small  lakes,  gains  the  natural  amphi- 
theatre of  La  Pra,  at  the  upper  end 
of  which  stands  the  inn  built  by  the 
French  Alpine  Club  (i|— 2  hrs.),  2,145 
m.,  7,038  ft.,  where  it  is  usual  to  pass 
the  night  before  making  the  ascent. 

[Here  falls  in  another  path,  coming 
from  Domene,  in  the  Graisivaudan, 
by  Revel,  and  the  Crozet  lake, 
this  tarn  being  very  finely  placed  in 
a  gorge  between  the  Grande  Lance 
de  Domene  and  the  Colon.  The 
track  then  goes  over  the  Col  de  la  Pra 
to  the  inn,  5  hrs.  from  Domene,  the 
way  being  marked  throughout  by  the 
telephone  poles.  The  Crozet  lake 
can  also  be  reached  direct  from 
Lancey,  N.E.  of  Domene,  by  the 
gorge  of  Lancey.  J 

Beyond  the  inn  a  fairly  good  mule 
path  leads  E.  up  a  series  of  steps,  past 
the  smaller  and  the  larger  Domeno)i 
lakes,  mountain  tarns  often  frozen  over 
in  the  summer.  The  foot  track  now 
becomes  fainter  and  a  N.E.  direction 
must  be  kept,  avoiding  the  snow  slope 
on  the  N.  wrhich  leads  to  the  Col  de 
Freydane.  A  steep  slope  of  neve  must 
be  mounted,  and  so  the  Col  du  Grand 
Do?nenon  (leading  into  the  Baton 
glen)  attained.  The  route  now  turns 
to  the  E.,  and  the  traveller  finally 
reaches  a  considerable,  nearly  level, 
snow  field,  in  which  in  hot  summers 
a  small  lake  is  formed,  though  it 
sometimes  entirely  disappears.  A 
further  ascent  of  \  hr.  leads  hence  to 
the  Croix  de  Belledonne  (2^—3  hrs. 
from  La  Pra).  With  the  slight  draw- 
back of  the  horizon  being  broken  by 
the  Grand  Pic  (which  just  hides  Mont 
Blanc)  the  panorama  is  magnificent, 
as  might  be  expected  from  the  posi- 
tion of  the  peak,  the  westernmost 
high  summit  in  the  range  of  the 
Alps.    The  Croix  is  also  accessible 


136    DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  8.  AIGUILLES  D'ARVES  DISTRICT 


from  Allemont,  in  the  Olle  valley 
(Rte.  E),  by  way  of  the  Ciub  Imt 
(2,165  m-?  7jio3  ft-)  near  tne  Belle- 
donne  lake  (3  hrs.),  whence  a  further 
climb  up  a  steep  couloir  (of  snow  or 
stones,  according  to  the  season)  leads 
to  the  foot  of  the  final  snow  field  de- 
scribed above,  the  summit  being  thus 
gained  in  iJ-2  hrs.  from  the  Club 
hut  :  the  bit  of  this  route  above  the 
hut  is  very  steep  and  rapid,  though 
toilsome  rather  than  difficult.  The 
Croix  may  also  be  reached  from  Les 
Sables,  in  the  Romanche  valley  (Rte. 
A),  or  from  Allemont  by  way  of  the 
Baton  glen  between  the  Grande  Lance 
d'Allemont  and  the  Grande  Voudene, 
the  Col  du  Grand  Domenon  being 
gained  in  5  hrs. ,  and  the  usual  route 
there  joined.  The  Baton  glen  is 
reached  from  Allemont  by  a  steep  and 
rapid  path,  which  winds  round  the 
lower  spurs  running  from  the  Grande 
Lance  d'Allemont  before  gaining  the 
bank  of  the  Baton  torrent,  or  better 
by  the  good  path  to  the  Chalanches 
mines  (2J  hrs. ),  and  thence  in  1  hr. 
by  the  Col  de  la  Portetta. 

The  Grand  Pic  is  more  difficult  of 
access  than  the  Croix.  It  may  be 
reached  by  the  N.E.  face  (on  which 
iron  ropes  are  fixed)  in  2-3  hrs.  from 
the  Club  hut  (mentioned  above)  at  its 
S.E.  foot,  or  in  \\  hr.  by  its  N. 
face  from  the  Col  de  la  Balmette 
(accessible  in  \\  hr.  from  the  Club 
hut,  or  better  in  3-4  hrs.  from  the 
La  Pra  inn  by  way  of  the  Col  de 
Freydane,  beyond  and  N.  of  the 
larger  Domenon  lake).  Of  recent 
years  (first  in  1 890)  it  has  also  been 
attained  from  the  Croix  by  way  of 
one  side  or  the  other  (specially  that 
on  the  S.E.,  on  which  iron  ropes  are 
now  placed)  of  the  jagged  rock  ridge 
between  them  :  I  hr.  or  less  suffices 
for  the  good  climber  to  go  from  one 
peak  to  the  other  over  the  Central 
peak. 

Another  excursion  from  La  Pra  is 
the  ascent  of  the  Grande  Lance  de 
Domene  (2,813  m->  9,229  ft.),  which 
is  accessible  in  2-2^-  hrs.  by  way  of 
the  smaller  Domenon  lake,  and  the 


rocky  S.  slope  of  the  peak  ;  it  com- 
mands a  fine  view  over  the  Graisi- 
vaudan.  The  rather  higher  Grande 
Lance  d'Allemont  (2,844  m-,  9,331 
ft. ),  to  the  S. ,  is  best  climbed  from 
Allemont  (6 §  hrs, )  by  the  Chalanches 
glen  and  the  Col  de  la  Portetta  (S.  W. 
of  the  peak),  or  from  the  Baton  glen, 
which  is  gained  from  La  Pra  by  the 
Col  du  Grand  Domenon. 


SECTION  9. 
PEL  VO  UX  DISTRICT. 

As  stated  in  the  Introduction  to 
this  Chapter,  the  almost  isolated 
group  of  high  mountains,  of  which 
the  best  known  peak  is  the  Pelvoux, 
lies  between  the  Romanche  and 
Guisane,  the  Durance,  and  the 
Drac,  in  an  irregular  triangle, 
whose  sides  are  about  45  miles  long. 
If  the  level  of  the  sea  were  raised 
5,000  ft.  the  entire  district  would 
form  a  peninsula,  connected  with  the 
main  range  of  the  Cottian  Alps  only 
by  the  narrow  neck  of  land  forming 
the  Col  du  Lautaret.  Nothing  can 
be  more  irregular  and  complicated 
than  the  disposition  of  the  ridges 
which  go  to  make  up  this  highland 
region  ;  and  the  direction  and 
grouping  of  the  valleys  show  a 
similar  absence  of  apparent  order. 
The  three  ridges  which  include  all  the 
highest  peaks,  excepting  the  Ecrins 
and  the  Mont  Pelvoux,  show  indeed 
indications  of  a  regular  plan,  for  they 
form  the  sides  of  a  quadrangle, 
open  to  the  W.  (strictly  N.W. ), 
and  following  pretty  closely  the 
direction  of  the  cardinal  points. 
Further  S.  again  the  valleys  show 
a  general  tendency  to  run  E.  and 
W.  ;  but  a  number  of  lofty  pro- 
montories, including  peaks  of 
11,000  ft.  and  upwards,  diverge  in 
every  direction,  while  between  them 


§  9-   PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


137 


short  and  tortuous  glens  bear  down 
the  drainage  of  the  glaciers  which 
cover  the  upper  level.  The  traveller 
coming  from  any  other  district  of 
the  Alps  will  be  particularly  struck 
by  the  way  in  which  the  peaks  here 
are  packed  close  together  on  count- 
less short  ridges,  and  by  the  number 
of  steeply  descending  small  glaciers, 
some  of  which  are  literally  hanging 
glaciers.  There  are  thus  a  really 
remarkable  number  of  peaks  to  be 
climbed  and  passes  to  be  traversed 
when  the  comparatively  small  area 
of  the  district  is  considered.  But 
the  scenery  is  as  a  rule  stern  and 
savage,  in  parts  almost  unbearably 
stony,  while  small  steep  rock  steps 
bar  the  way  down  from  the  passes 
to  the  level  of  the  streams  in  the 
valleys  in  so  provoking  and  annoy- 
ing a  fashion  that  it  has  been  said 
with  truth  that  in  Dauphine  a  pass 
has  never  really  been  made  till  the 
torrent  in  the  valley  has  been 
gained.  The  most  extensive  glaciers 
or  snow  fields  in  the  Pelvoux  group 
are  the  Mont  de  Lans  gl.,  the 
Glacier  Blanc,  the  Glacier  Noir, 
and  the  Pilatte  gl.  Next  after 
these  come  the  Selle,  Homme, 
Plate  des  Agneaux,  Chardon,  Sele, 
Sellettes,  and  Lanchatra  gls. 
The  loftiest  summit  of  the  group  is 
the  Pointe  des  Ecrins  (4,103  m., 
13,462  ft.),  which  rises  nearly  in 
the  centre  of  the  E.  wall  of  the 
quadrangle.  Like  the  Finsteraar- 
horn  it  can  scarcely  ever  be  seen  from  a 
village  or  a  high  road.  It  is  attended 
by  two  lesser  summits,  the  Pic  Lory 
(4,083  m.,  13,396  ft. )— the  point 
of  junction  with  the  great  E.  wall — 
and  the  Pic  de  la  Berarde  (3,980  m., 
13,058  ft.),  which  are  really  but 
knobs  on  the  Ecrins  ridge.  The 
second  of  the  great  summits  of  the 
district  is  the  Meije  (3,987  m., 
13,081ft.),  one  of  the  most  splendid 
rock  peaks  in  the  Alps.  It  towers 
majestically  over  La  Grave,  on  the 
Lautaret  road,  and  has  also  two 
dependent  summits,  the  Pic  Central 
(3,970   m.,    13,025    ft.)   and  the 


Pic  Oriental  (3,911  m.,  12,832  ft.) 
The  Meije  stands  not  very  far  W. 
of  the  point  (called  the  Pave, 
3,831  m.,  12,569  ft.),  at  which  the 
E.  and  N.  walls  of  the  quadrangle 
join.  In  a  very  nearly  correspond- 
ing position  (but  rather  N.  of  the 
junction  of  the  E.  and  S.  walls) 
rises  the  Ailefroide  (3,925  in. , 
12,878  ft.),  with  two  minor  points, 
a  feature  which  is  common  to  all 
the  great  Dauphine  peaks.  This 
fine  summit,  with  the  Pelvoux, 
faces  the  Ecrins  across  the  deep 
basin  of  the  Glacier  Noir,  which  is 
thus  a  spot  to  be  visited  by  every 
traveller  in  these  parts.  3,925  m. 
is  the  official  height  of  the  Aile- 
froide on  the  French  Government 
map,  but  it  is  allowed  on  all  hands 
that  it  is  pretty  certainly  higher 
than  the  Pelvoux,  and  in  1862  Mr. 
Tuckett  came  to  the  conclusion 
(from  the  Pelvoux)  that  the  real 
height  was  3,959  m.  (12,989  ft.) 
After  or  before  the  Ailefroide  is 
the  Mont  Pelvoux  (3,954  m., 
12.973  »  with  two  minor  tops, 
the  only  great  peak  in  the  group 
which  is  not  on  or  near  one  of  the  walls 
of  the  quadrangle,  standing  rather  E. 
of  it,  and  so  looking  forth  towards 
the  Durance  valley  and  Italy. 
Among  the  lesser  but  striking  peaks 
of  the  group  are  the  massive  Pic 
Gaspard  (3,880  m.,  12,730  ft.),  the 
splintered  Grande  Ruine  (3,754  m. , 
12,317  ft.),  the  delicately  beautiful 
Montague  des  Agneaux  (3,660  m., 
12,008  ft.),  the  snowy  mass  of  the 
Sosnmet  des  Kouies,  3,634  m.,  11,923 
ft.  (perhaps  the  finest  panoramic  point 
in  the  district),  the  crags  of  the 
triple-pointed  Pic  d'Olan  (3,578  m., 
11,739  ft.),  and  the  graceful  Roche 
de  la  Mttzelle  (3,459  m. ,  11,349  ft.) 
The  best  headquarters  in  the  dis- 
trict is  La  Berarde  (1,738  m., 
5,702  ft.),  which  is  just  in  the 
centre  of  the  great  quadrangle,  and 
-now  possesses  an  excellent  moun- 
tain inn.  La  Grave,  on  the  Lautaret 
road,  is  the  next  best  in  all  re- 
spects.     MonUier    and  Vallouise 


138 


DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9, 


PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


are  too  low  for  starting  points  for 
high  ascents  ;  but  the  former  has  a 
good  inn,  the  latter  only  two  bad 
ones,  with  a  poor  one  at  Ailefroide, 
above.  The  inns  in  the  Valgaude- 
mar,  Valjouffrey,  and  Val  de 
Champoleon  are  not  adapted  for  a 
long  stay.  Those  at  St.  Christophe, 
in  a  far  better  position,  are  sin- 
gularly poor,  but  Bourg  d'Oisans 
possesses  what  are  now  the  best  inns 
in  the  entire  group.  Unluckily  the 
town  is  not  well  placed  for 
mountaineers,  and  the  same  holds 
good  even  of  the  Lautaret  Hospice, 
where  the  inn  has  been  very  much 
improved  of  late,  and  whence  the 
Mont  Cenis  railway  may  be  gained 
direct  by  the  char  road  over  the 
Col  du  Galibier.  The  moun- 
taineer in  the  Pelvoux  district  will 
not,  of  course,  fail  to  provide  him- 
self with  the  Dauphine  volume 
(1892)  of  the  'Climbers'  Guides' 
series,  and  the  accompanying  re- 
vised edition  of  the  admirable  maps 
by  M.  Duhamel. 


Route  A. 

BOURG  D'OISANS    TO    LA  BERARDE. 
VALLEY  OF  THE  VENEON. 

Char  road  to  St.  Christophe,  post  cart 
in  4  firs.  (12  m. )  ;  thence  mule  path 

(3  to.) 

The  highest  ridges  of  the  Dauphine 
Alps  form,  as  has  been  said,  a  quad- 
rangle, closed  to  the  N.,  the  E.,  and 
the  S.,  but  open  to  the  N.W..  All 
the  streams  that  fall  into  the  interior 
of  this  great  enclosure  sooner  or  later 
unite  with  the  Veneon,  which  flows 
first  W.,  then  N.W.,  till  it  joins  the 
Romanche,  that  drains  the  outer 
slope  of  the  N.,  and  a  portion  of  the 
E.  wall  of  this  quadrangle.  It  natu- 
rally follows  that  the  easiest  way  of 
reaching  the  centre  of  this  highland 
region  is  to  follow  the  valley  of  the 
Veneon  up  to  La  Bera?-de,  at  its 


head.  This  hamlet  consequently,  and 
particularly  since  a  good  mountain 
inn  was  opened  there  in  1887,  is  the 
natural  headquarters  of  the  moun- 
taineer who  desires  to  explore  most 
of  the  higher  portions  of  the  district. 

From  the  plain  or  basin  of  Bourg 
d'Oisans  (30^  m.  by  steam  tramway 
from  Grenoble  :  see  §  8.  Rte.  A)' the 
course  of  the  Veneon  seems  to  be  the 
natural  prolongation  of  the  valley  of 
the  Romanche,  the  gorge  through 
which  that  stream  descends  from  near 
the  Col  du  Lautaret  being  too  narrow 
to  attract  much  attention  at  a  dis- 
tance. 

The  way  to  La  Berarde  follows  the 
Lautaret  high  road  (§  8.  Rte.  A)  for 
3  m.  till  this  has  crossed  the  Pont  St. 
Gnillenne,  and  then  branches  oft  to 
the  S.,  soon  running  between  high 
walls  of  limestone  on  either  hand, 
which  show  that  the  traveller  has 
entered  the  Veneon  valley,  through 
which  the  drainage  of  many  glaciers 
is  borne  down.  Looking  back,  the 
plain  wherein  stands  Bourg  d'Oisans 
is  seen  backed  by  the  bold  crags 
of  Belledonne.  The  road  follows 
throughout  the  right  bank  of  the 
Veneon  (which  joins  the  Romanche  a 
little  below  the  Pont  St.  Guillerme), 
amid  scattered  blocks  and  through 
scenery  which  constantly  increases  in 
grandeur.  The  snowy  Tete  de  la 
Maraillette  towers  overhead  on  the 
S.  Soon  the  hamlet  of  Les  Gauchoirs 
is  seen  in  a  pretty  position  on  the 
opposite  bank  of  the  Veneon,  and  at 
the  mouth  of  the  Lauvitel  glen,  through 
which  there  is  a  little  frequented  pass 
to  the  Valsenestre  (Rte.  F.  ad  fin.) 
At  a  turn  in  the  main  valley  the 
picturesque  village  of  Venose  (for  the 
path  thence  by  the  Col  de  l'Alpe  to 
Le  Freney,  on  the  Lautaret  road,  see 
Rte.  C.  1),  at  a  height  of  1,049  nr., 
(3,442  ft. ),  on  a  green  slope  to  the  left, 
comes  into  sight,  and  this  oasis  in  the 
midst  of  the  desolate  surroundings  is 
very  refreshing  to  the  eye  of  the 
traveller.  The  luxuriant  vegetation 
here  is  due  to  the  presence  of  dark 
I   limestone  and  slate.     A  tongue  of 


ROUTE  A.    BOURG  D'OISANS  TO  LA  BERARDE 


this  formation  extends  from  St.  Jean 
de  Maurienne,  on  the  N.,  across  the 
Romanche  and  Veneon  valleys  to  the 
Valjouffrey,  being  at  once  distin- 
guished by  its  greenness,  which  is 
very  striking.  The  Veneon  valley 
lies  in  a  trough  amidst  the  surround- 
ing crystalline  rocks.  The  new  char 
road  does  not  mount  to  Venose,  but 
traverses  one  of  its  hamlets,  Bourg 
d'Ai'ud  (5  ra.  from  the  Pont  St. 
Guillerme). 

[For  the  Col  de  la  Muzelle,  leading 
to  the  Valsenestre,  and  the  ascent  of 
the  Pic  du  Clapier  du  Peyron,  see 
Rte.  F.  The  chief  ascent  to  be  made 
from  Bourg  d'Arud  is  that  of  the 
Tete  de  la  Muraillette  (3,020  m. , 
9,909  ft.),  which  may  be  made  in  5^ 
hrs.  by  way  of  the  Muzelle  lake,  and 
the  Breche  du  Vallon,  N.E.  of  the 
peak ;  from  the  Breche  it  is  easy  to 
descend  in  I  hr.  to  the  Lauvitel  lake, 
on  the  W.,  and  thence  to  regain 
Bourg  d'Arud  in  1^  hr.  The  view 
from  the  summit  is  interesting,  for 
the  peak  stands  as  a  sentinel  at  the 
entrance  of  the  Veneon  valley.  J 

Above  Venose  there  is  no  exit 
from  the  main  Veneon  valley  save  by 
high  glacier  passes  over  the  lofty 
ranges  which  enclose  it.  There  are 
few  other  valleys  in  the  Alps  which 
are  so  completely  shut  in.  From 
Bourg  d'Arud  the  road  crosses  to  the 
left  bank  of  the  Veneon,  and  mounts 
rapidly  through  a  gorge  unsurpassed 
for  ruggedness  and  desolation.  Some 
overhanging  peak  has  here  fallen,  and 
left  its  shattered  fragments  (known  as 
the  '  Clapier  de  St.  Christophe')  as  a 
memorial  of  the  catastrophe.  One 
huge  slab  has  fallen  across  the  stream, 
and  forms  the  c  Pont  Naturel,'  which 
was  traversed  by  the  old  mule  path. 
The  new  road  crosses  a  little  higher 
up,  just  as  it  enters  the  stone-strewn 
plain  called  the  '  Plan  du  Lac  '  (rather 
over  1  m.  from  Bourg  d'Arud).  Here 
the  snowy  summits  of  the  Tete  des  Fe- 
toules  (3,465  m.,  11,369  ft.)  and  some 
of  its  lower  neighbours  to  the  N. 
form  a  striking  background.  On  the 
right  there  is  a  fine  waterfall  descend- 


ing from  the  Lanchatra  glen,  the  peaks 
and  passes  around  which  are  briefly 
noticed  in  Rte.  F.  c.  The  new  road 
winds  by  gentle  gradients  up  the 
stony  slopes  on  the  N.E.  side  of  the 
valley  above  the  Plan  du  Lac,  but 
after  passing  the  fine  springs  known 
as  the  4  Fontaines  Benites  '  mounts 
more  steeply,  being  carried  along  a 
rocky  shelf.  After  making  some  zig- 
zags it  traverses  the  Diable  torrent  by 
a  bridge,  whence  there  is  a  fine 
glimpse  of  the  roaring  torrent  below, 
and  by  some  more  zigzags  mounts 
round  the  churchyard  to  the  village 
of  St.  Christophe,  1,470  m.,  4,823  ft. 
(2 J  m.  from  the  Plan  du  Lac),  the 
small  chef-lien  of  the  Veneon  valley. 
It  is  built  amid  trees  on  the  steep 
slopes  between  the  S.W.  foot  of  the 
Aiguille  du  Plat  and  the  Veneon, 
which  roars  far  below.  Opposite 
are  the  two  summits  of  the  Tete  de 
Lattranotire  (3,299  m.,  10,824  ft., 
and  3,341  m.,  10,962  ft.),  while  more 
to  the  left  are  the  Bee  du  Canard 
(3,270  m.,  10,729ft.),  and  the  white- 
faced  Tete  des  Fetoules  (3,465  m., 
11,369  ft.),  but  the  Aiguille  du  Plat 
(3,602  m.j  11,818  ft.),  immediately 
N.E.  of  the  village,  is  not  visible 
from  it. 

[All  these  peaks  can  be  climbed 
from  St.  Christophe.  The  Canard 
is  most  conveniently  taken  from  the 
La  Laveyhuts  (see  Rte.  E.  4),  whence 
too  the  Fetoules  can  be  climbed  ;  but 
if  bound  to  the  latter  peak  from  St. 
Christophe  direct  it  is  quite  easy, 
when  the  upper  level  of  the  La  Lavey 
glen  has  been  reached,  in  if  hr.  from 
St.  Christophe,  to  bear  at  once  to  the 
S.E.,  and  by  way  of  the  N.  arete  to 
gain  the  summit  in  4J-  hrs.  more. 
Either  of  the  Tetes  de  Lauranoure 
may  be  gained  in  4J-5  hrs.  from  St. 
Christophe  by  crossing  the  Veneon, 
remounting  to  near  the  chalets  of 
the  Alpe  du  Pin,  and  then  ascending 
the  respective  glaciers  flowing  from 
them,  and  the  N.E.  or  N.W.  aretes : 
it  should  be  carefully  borne  in  mind 
that  the  highest  summit  is  that  most 
to  the  W. ,  despite  appearances  from 


140  DAUPHINfi  ALPS.    §  9. 

St.  Christophe.  But  the  chief  climb 
from  St.  Christophe  is  the  Aiguille 
du  Plat,  one  of  the  best  situated 
summits  in  the  district  whence  to 
study  the  diverging  ridges  within  the 
great  quadrangle  of  the  Veneon 
valley.  It  is  attained  without  any 
real  difficulty  in  rather  over  5  hrs. 
from  the  village  by  way  of  the  Plat 
glacier  and  the  S.W.  ridge,  and  the 
ascent  is  strongly  recommended.  If 
coming  from  La  Berarde  the  ascent 
can  be  made  by  the  N.E.  ridge  or 
S.E.  face,  5  hrs.  from  Les  Etages, 
but  the  rocks  are  very  rotten  on  this 
side  of  the  mountain.  For  the  many 
passes  from  St.  Christophe  to  La 
Grave,  La  Berarde,  the  Valgaudemar, 
and  the  Valjouffrey,  see  Rtes.  C,  E, 
and  F,  below.] 

Few  travellers  will  neglect  to  visit 
the  graves  (close  to,  but,  for  various 
reasons,  not  in  the  churchyard)  of  two 
victims  of  the  Meije,  Dr.  Emil 
Zsigmondy  (killed  in  1885)  and  Mon- 
sieur E.  Thorant  (killed  in  1896). 

Soon  after  leaving  St.  Christophe 
the  mule  path  circles  round  a  deep 
ravine,  and  then  mounts  in  a  S.E. 
direction  along  the  slopes  high  above 
the  Veneon.  After  passing  above 
a  small  hamlet  on  the  right,  a  short 
steep  ascent  leads  to  a  bifurcation 
near  a  spring.  The  left-hand  path 
mounts  to  the  hamlet  of  Champ 
Ebran,  but  the  traveller  bound  for 
La  Berarde  must  be  very  careful 
to  take  the  right-hand  path,  which 
descends  for  a  short  distance,  and 
passes  an  iron  cross,  at  which  St. 
Christophe  disappears  from  sight. 
A  small  mill  is  passed  on  the  left,  and 
the  path  down  towards  La  Lavey  to 
the  right,  before  the  main  track 
reaches  the  hamlet  of  Champhorent, 
just  at  the  point,  opposite  the  opening 
of  the  La  Lavey  glen,  where  the 
Veneon  valley  bends  from  N.W.  to 
E.  A  steep  descent  then  leads  down 
to  near  the  level  of  the  Veneon, 
which  is  followed  henceforth.  The 
great  range  of  snow-seamed  peaks 
which  bars  the  head  of  the  valley 
soon  appears,  and  remains  long  in 


PELVOUX  DISTRICT 

sight.  But  the  second  summit  of  the 
Ecrins  only  is  seen,  the  Pic  Lory 
(4,083  m.,  13,396  ft.),  not  the  highest, 
as  is  often  believed.  The  view  is 
especially  striking  from  the  miserable 
hamlet  of  Les  Etages  (1,595  m., 
5.233  ft.),  whence  the  deep-cut  couloir 
leading  up  to  the  Col  des  Ecrins,  on 
the  left,  is  a  prominent  feature.  Two 
side  glens  meet  near  Les  Etages,  that 
of  Les  Etages  on  the  S. ,  and  that  of 
Soreiller,  with  two  arms,  on  the  N. , 
but  the  peaks  around  each  will  only 
interest  a  climber  making  a  very 
special  study  of  the  district,  and  may 
be  passed  over  here.  Les  Etages  is 
about  2  hrs.'  walk  from  St.  Chris- 
tophe, and  a  short  hour  beyond  is  the 
last  hamlet  in  the  valley,  La  Berarde 
(1,738  m.,  5,702  ft.),  which  is  gained 
by  crossing  a  bridge  over  the 
Etancons  torrent,  a  little  above  its 
junction  with  the  Veneon. 


Route  B. 

EXCURSIONS  AND  ASCENTS  FROM 
LA  BERARDE. 

The  position  of  La  Berarde  has 

been  compared  to  that  of  Entreves,  a 
short  distance  above  Courmayeur.  In 
either  case  two  torrents  flowing  in 
opposite  directions  along  the  base  of 
a,  great  snowy  range,  and  having 
their  sources  in  considerable  glaciers, 
receive  the  drainage  of  the  minor 
glaciers  that  descend  through  short 
lateral  glens,  and  meet  at  a  central 
point,  from  which  they  escape  through 
a  channel  at  right  angles  to  their  pre- 
vious course,  thus  forming  a  X-  In 
this  case  the  Etancons  torrent,  flowing 
from  the  N.,  unites,  close  to  La 
Berarde,  with  that  descending  through 
the  Pilatte  glen  on  the  S. ,  the  latter 
being  held  to  be  the  true  Veneon. 
The  parallel  above  suggested  is  true 
in  yet  another  particular,  for  in  each 
case  a  third  short  torrent  joins  one  or 
other  of  the  two  main  torrents  not  far 


ROUTE  B.    EXCURSIONS  FROM  LA  BERARDE  141 


above  the  point  where  these  unite  ; 
the  Bonnepierre  torrent  is  thus  the  re- 
presentative here  of  the  Brenva  tor- 
rent. In  other  words,  three  glens 
and  torrents  practically  unite  to  form 
the  main  valley,  though  one  of  these 
is  unimportant  compared  to  the 
others. 

Among  the  many  rare  plants  seen 
in  this  district  the  botanist  will  not  fail 
to  notice  Bei-arcHa  stibacaulis,  though 
this  name  has  nothing  to  do  with 
that  of  La  Berarde,  being  taken  from 
that  of  M.  Pierre  Berard,  a  Grenoble 
apothecary  who  lived  in  the  seven- 
teenth century.  In  itself  La  Berarde 
is  most  uninviting,  for  its  few  and 
humble  houses  stand  in  a  very  stony 
and  almost  barren  spot,  at  the  upper 
end  of  the  little  delta  (whereon  are 
some  trees)  formed  by  the  Veneon  and 
the  Etancons  torrents.  The  latter,  in 
particular,  so  often  encroaches  on  the 
hamlet  that  an  embankment  has  been 
constructed  to  protect  the  inhabitants 
against  its  ravages  in  the  future.  Two 
buildings  alone  are  more  than 
wretched  houses — the  chapel,  quite 
recently  built  by  the  monks  of  the 
Grande  Chartreuse,  above  Grenoble 
(La  Berarde  is  in  the  parish  of  St. 
Christophe),  and  the  Chalet-Hotel, 
constructed  by  the  '  Societe  des  Tour- 
istes  du  Dauphine.'  This  comfortable 
little  mountain  inn  stands  at  the 
upper  end  of  the  village,  and  a  little 
way  from  it. 

A  traveller  who  comes  for  the  first 
time  to  La  Berarde  will  certainly  be 
struck  by  two  facts.  The  first  is  that, 
with  the  exception  of  a  bit  of  the 
Ailefroide,  not  one  of  the  higher 
peaks  of  the  district  is  visible  from 
the  village  itself,  though  by  crossing 
the  Pilatte  torrent  or  the  Veneon 
a  glimpse  may  be  had  of  the  W. 
Summit  of  the  Meije,  and  the  £  Glacier 
Carre.'  The  other  is  that  there  are 
few  excursions  in  the  neighbourhood, 
for  La  Berarde  is  in  a  very  special 
degree  adapted  for  Alpine  climbers, 
as  opposed  to  Alpine  travellers.  Yet 
the  little  hamlet  has  many  charms  of 
its  OTrn,  and  there  may  be  some  who 


almost  regret  that  it  has  to  a  certain 
extent  lost  its  former  primitiveness, 
uncomfortable  in  many  respects  as 
that  was. 

1.  Excursions. 

As  noted  above  there  are  but 
few  of  these.  The  first,  and  chief, 
is  the  stroll  by  a  made  path  up  the 
belvedere  of  the  Tete  de  la  Mays 
(2,522  m.,  8,275  ft-)>  on  tne  N. 
The  path  branches  off  from  that  to  the 
Etancons  glen,  in  order  to  mount  W. 
by  zigzags,  and  offers  no  difficulties  to 
even  moderate  walkers.  The  ascent 
takes  1^-2  hrs. ,  and  the  trouble  is 
richly  rewarded.  The  Meije,  in  par- 
ticular, is  very  well  seen  at  the  end  of 
the  stony  Etancons  glen,  while  the 
Ecrins,  Ailefroide,  and  countless 
other  summits  surround  the  spectator 
on  all  sides,  and  make  him  realise 
that  he  is  enclosed  in  a  perfect  Alpine 
labyrinth.  The  excursion  to  the 
Chardon  glacier  (ij  hr.,  Rte.  E.  3)  is 
much  recommended  ;  that  to  the 
Pilatte  glacier  (2  hrs.,  Rte.  D.  3) 
may  be  taken  by  any  one  desiring  to 
see  near  at  hand  one  of  the  finest 
glaciers  in  the  district ;  while  that 
into  the  Etancons  glen  (2  hrs.  to  the 
Chatelleret  Club  hut,  Rte.  C.  3)  is 
worth  making  in  order  to  gain  an  idea 
of  what  a  stony  Dauphine  glen  really 
is.  There  are  now  more  or  less  good 
mule  paths  for  some  distance  (in  the 
two  former  cases  to  the  glaciers  them- 
selves) up  each  of  these  glens. 

2.  Easy  Ascents. 

There  are  a  considerable  number 
of  these  round  La  Berarde,  the 
term  '  easy 5  being  employed  to 
indicate  those  climbs  which  offer 
no  great  difficulties  to  a  moderately 
practised  mountaineer,  while  the 
views  obtained  from  the  respective 
summits  are  particularly  noteworthy 
and  extensive.  It  may  be  well  at 
once  to  warn  our  readers  that  the 
ascent  which  looks  almost  the  shortest 
from  the  village  in  reality  takes 
nearly  5  hrs.,  for  the  peak  in  question, 
the  Gi-a?idg  Aiguille  (3,422  m. , 
11,228  ft.),  rises  so  immediately  above 
La  Berarde  on  the  S.W.  side  of  the 


DAUPHIN*?  ALPS.    §  9.  PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


valley,  that  its  summit  is  thence  so 
foreshortened  that  it  seems  almost 
within  a  stone's  throw. 

(a)  Perhaps  the  very  finest  pano- 
rama in  the  district  is  that  to  be 
obtained  from  the  S emmet  des  Rouies, 
3,634  m.,  11,923  ft.  (5  hrs.  from  La 
Berarde,  Rte.  E.  3),  at  the  head  of 
the  Chardon  glacier.  The  ascent  is 
a  very  easy  snow  walk,  and  is  most 
strongly  recommended  to  those  who 
do  not  wish  to  undergo  a  great 
amount  of  exertion.  The  view  far 
away  to  the  S.  is  most  marvellous, 
while  most  of  the  Dauphine  peaks  are 
included  in  the  prospect. 

(b)  Scarcely  inferior  to  this  pano- 
rama is  that  from  the  Pic  Coolidge, 
3,756  m.,  12,323  ft.  (5|  hrs.  from  La 
Berarde,  Rte.  D.  2),  the  highest 
point  on  the  ridge  between  the  Ecrins 
and  the  Ailefroide.  Its  special  fea- 
ture is  the  unsurpassed  view  of  the 
precipitous  rock  walls  of  the  Ecrins, 
Pelvoux,  and  Ailefroide,  which  com- 
pletely shut  in  the  Glacier  Noir.  The 
ascent  is  a  trifle  more  difficult  than 
that  of  the  Rouies,  but  is  well  within 
the  reach  of  even  moderate  moun- 
taineers. 

(c)  The  Grande  Ruine ,  3,754  m., 
12,317  ft.  (7|  hrs.,  Rte.  C.  5),  on 
the  E.  side  of  the  Etancons  glen,  is  a 
rather  long  expedition  from  La 
Berarde  and  back,  but  may  well  be 
combined  with  the  Col  de  la  Casse 
Deserte  on  the  way  over  to  La  Grave 
or  the  little  mountain  inn  at  Alpe, 
from  the  latter  of  which  it  is  acces- 
sible in  4J-5  hrs.  It  commands  a 
most  extensive  view  on  all  sides,  par- 
ticularly of  the  Meije,  which  is  quite 
close  at  hand. 

(d)  Nearly  opposite  the  Grande 
Ruine,  on  the  other  side  of  the 
Etancons  glen,  is  the  Plaret  (3,570 
m.,  11,713  ft.),  the  very  easy  ascent 
of  which  by  the  Plaret  glacier  and  the 
great  snowy  E.  face  of  the  peak  takes 
but  hrs.  The  return  may  be  varied 
by  descending  a  couloir  in  the  S.W. 
rock  wall  to  the  little  glacier  at  its 
foot,  and  so  down  the  Combe  d? A?nont 
to  Les  Etages.     Like  the  Grande 


Ruine  this  summit  commands  a  very 
fine  view  of  the  great  S.  wall  of  the 
Meije,  but  the  climb  has  the  advantage 
of  being  a  good  deal  shorter  than  that 
up  the  Grande  Ruine. 

These  four  peaks  are  perhaps  the 
most  to  be  recommended  to  those 
travellers  who  wish  to  obtain  glorious 
views  without  too  great  an  amount  of 
exertion,  but,  of  course,  there  are 
many  others  presenting  some  of  the 
same  characteristics  in  the  ranges 
round  La  Berarde. 

3.  Higher  Ascents. 

(a)  The  Pointe  des  Ecrins. — This 
magnificent   summit,    the  monarch 
of  the   Dauphine   Alps,    attains  a 
height    of  4,103    m.    (13,462  ft.), 
but   was    long    ignored,    or  con- 
founded  with  other  peaks.     It  is 
one  of  the  greatest  services  of  Mr. 
F.  F.  Tuckett  to  Alpine  exploration 
that  in  1862,  for  the  first  time,  he 
established  the  facts  of  the  separate 
existence  of  the  Ecrins,  and  of  its 
undoubted  supremacy  in  the  Dauphine 
Alps.     Unfavourable   conditions  of 
weather   and   snow   prevented  Mr. 
Tuckett  twice  in  1862  from  attempt- 
ing the  ascent,  and,  six  weeks  later, 
defeated  Messrs.  W.   Mathews  and 
Bonney.    The  first  successful  ascent 
was  that  effected  on  June  25,  1864, 
by  Messrs.  A.  W.  Moore,  H.  Walker, 
and   E.    Whymper,  with  Christian 
Aimer  and  Michel  Croz,  who,  mount- 
ing from  the  head   of  the  Glacier 
Blanc  (on  the  N.  of  the  peak),  as- 
cended by  one  arete,  and  returned 
by  the  other,  but  encountered  serious 
difficulties.      Some   of    these  were 
avoided  by  later   parties,    who  cut 
mainly  up  the  steep  and  icy  N.  face, 
and  reached  the  N.E.  arete  but  a 
short   distance    from    the  summit. 
Fourteen    successful    ascents  were 
made  after  that  of  1864,  all  by  the  N. 
face,  and  it  was  not  till  September  2, 
1880,  that  Monsieur  Henry  Duhamel, 
with  the  two  Gaspards,  struck  out  a 
new  route  by  the  S.  face,  which  has 
now  practically  superseded  that  by 
the  N.  face,  save  when  the  mountain 
is  crossed.    (For  the  Alpine  history 


ROUTE  B.  ASCENTS 


FROM!  LA  BERARDE 


143 


of  the  Ecrins  the  monograph  by  Mon- 
sieur F.  Perrin  in  the  9th  volume  of 
the 6  Annuaire  du  ClubAlpin  Francais ' 
should  be  consulted. ) 

As  regards  the  JV.  route,  it  need 
only  be  said  that  there  is  usually  no 
great  difficulty  in  making  a  way  up 
snow  slopes  and  through  seracs  from 
the  Col  des  Ecrins  (5^  hrs.  from  La 
Berarde,  Route  D.  1)  to  the  berg- 
schrund  at  the  foot  of  the  final  slope 
(2-3  hrs.),  the  time  required  for  the 
ascent  of  this  slope  varying,  according 
to  the  conditions  of  the  snow  or  ice, 
from  50  min.  to  4  hrs.  The  S.  route 
starts  from  the  Col  des  Avalanches,  at 
the  S.  foot  of  the  S.  face.  This  Col 
is  reached  by  following  the  Col  de  la 
Temple  route  (Rte.  D.  2)  for  2  hrs. 
from  La  Berarde  (i-§  hr.  may  be 
saved  by  spending  the  night  at  the 
Carrelet  Club  hut),  and  then  bearing 
N.E.  to  the  Vallon  de  la  Pilatte 
glacier,  by  the  left  side  of  which  the 
Col,  3,511m.,  11,520  ft.  (the  great 
ice  couloir  on  the  other  side  has  been 
traversed  but  once),  is  reached  in 
2\  hrs.  from  the  bifurcation,  or  4^  hrs. 
from  La  Berarde.  Thence  the  right- 
hand  branch  of  a  wide  couloir  in  the 
S.W.  wall  of  the  mountain  is  as- 
cended for  some  distance,  when  it  is 
necessary  to  bear  E.  across  two 
narrower  gullies,  and  to  make  a 
traverse  over  a  smooth  overhanging 
rock  in  order  to  reach  the  watershed. 
A  deep  snow  couloir  (the  one  real 
difficulty  of  the  climb)  must  then  be 
crossed  to  the  hanging  Ecrins  glacier, 
which  is  mounted,  and  then  the  rocks 
to  its  right  direct  to  the  summit, 
though  by  climbing  the  snow  gully  in 
which  it  ends  the  S.W.  ridge  may  be 
gained  between  the  Pic  Lory,  4,083 
m.,  13,396  ft.  (the  highest  point  of 
the  mountain  seen  from  the  Veneon 
valley),  and  the  highest  point.  4  hrs. 
or  less  suffice  for  the  ascent  from  the 
Col  des  Avalanches  under  favourable 
conditions.  The  Pic  Lory  can  be 
gained  by  a  detour  of  a  few  minutes, 
while  the  W.  Summit  of  the  Ecrins, 
or  the  Dome  de  Neige  des  Ecrins 
(3,980  m.,    13,058    ft.),    is  easily 


reached  in  2J  hrs.  from  the  Col  des 
Ecrins  by  the  snowy  S.E.  arete,  or  by  a 
harder  route  (exposed  to  falling  stones) 
from  its  S.  foot  by  a  long  ice  couloir. 

(0)  Second  to  the  Ecrins  (not 
reckoning  the  Pic  Lory)  in  height, 
and  barely  yielding  to  it  in  point  of 
interest,  is  the  Meije  (this  word 
means  '  Midi  '),  the  loftiest  summit 
(the  Western)  of  which,  or  the  Grand 
Pic,  is 3, 987  m.  (13,081  ft.)  The  Meije 
is  a  glorious  rock  wall  crowned  by 
three  points,  which  rise  in  height  from 
E.  to  W. ,  and  presents  a  most  formid- 
able appearance  on  all  sides.  The 
first  attack  made  on  it  was  on 
June  28,  1870,  when  Miss  Brevoort 
and  Mr.  Coolidge,  with  Christian  and 
Ulrich  Aimer  and  Christian  Gertsch, 
made  the  first  ascent  of  the  Central 
Summit  (3,970  m.,  13,025  ft.),  as- 
cending from  La  Grave.  The  ridge 
leading  onwards  to  the  slightly  higher 
W.  Summit  was  thought  to  present 
insurmountable  obstacles.  Many  at- 
tempts were  later  made  to  attain  the 
W.  Summit  (for  the  Alpine  history,  of 
the  Meije  MM.  Leser  and  Verne's 
monograph  in  the  12th  volume  of  the 
'  A  nnuaire  du  Club  Alpin  Francais  ' 
should  be  consulted),  but  it  was  not 
till  August  16,  1877,  that  the  first 
ascent  was  achieved  by  Monsieur  E. 
Boileau  de  Castelnau,  with  the  two 
Gaspards,  a  very  noteworthy  feat. 
On  July  2,  1885,  Monsieur  Verne, 
with  three  Gaspards  and  J.  B.  Rodier, 
attained  the  Glacier  Carre  at  the  S.W. 
foot  of  the  highest  peak,  by  a  very 
difficult  and  dangerous  route  from 
the  Brech'e  de  la  Meije  by  the  W. 
arete  and  the  great  ice  couloir  which 
furrows  the  N.W.  face  of  the  moun- 
tain,- but  this  route  has  never  been 
repeated.  Finally,  on  July  26,  1885, 
H  err  en  Otto  and  Emil  Zsigmondy  and 
L.  Purtscheller,  without  guides,  forced 
the  arete  between  the  Central  and 
Western  summits,  the  second  of  these 
mountaineers  losing  his  life  a  few- 
days  after  in  a  bold  attempt  to  scale 
the  S.  wall  of  the  mountain  from 
the  great  snow  band  which  traverses 
the  greater  part  of  it  diagonally. 


144 


DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9, 


PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


The  1877  route  is  now  considered 
to  be  harder,  at  least  so  far  as  re- 
gards the  descent,  than  the  arete  be- 
tween the  two  highest  peaks,  but  of 
recent  years  it  has  become  quite  an 
ordinary  event  for  parties  to  traverse 
the  mountain  in  either  direction, 
though  the  ascent  from  La  Berarde 
is  to  be  preferred  on  the  whole  to  the 
descent  to  that  place.  The  S*  route 
starts  from  the  Chatelleret  Club  hut, 
in  the  Etancons  glen  (2  short  hours 
from  La  Berarde,  Rte.  C.  3),  that 
valley  being  mounted  to  the  foot  of 
the  great  S.  buttress  of  the  Meije,  or 
the  '  Promontoire,'  by  which  the 
traveller  gains  the  foot  of  the  great 
S.  rock  wall,  below  the  £  Glacier 
Carre,5  which  it  supports  (3-4  hrs. 
from  the  Club  hut).  The  ascent  of 
this  wall  constitutes  the  great  diffi- 
culty of  the  ascent,  and  it  must  be 
mounted  on  the  whole  towards  the 
left — that  is,  /^/immediately  below  the 
'  Glacier  Carre. '  The  time  required 
for  scaling  this  wall  varies,  for  divers 
reasons,  from  1  to  3  hrs.,  or  even 
more.  It  is  then  quite  easy  to  mount 
the  W.  and  N.  edges  of  the  '  Glacier 
Carre '  to  the  opening  (Breche  du 
Glacier  Carre)  between  the  Pic  du 
Glacier  Carre  (3,860  m.,  12,665 
on  the  left,  and  the  Meije,  on  the 
right  (f-i  hr. )  The  S.W.  rocky 
face  is  easy  at  first,  but  higher  up 
there  is  a  bad  bit  of  smooth  rock  just 
on  the  N.  side  of  the  W.  arete  to  be 
overcome  before  the  summit  is 
reached  (f  hr.-ij  hr. )  Under 
ordinary  circumstances  8  hours  or  so 
are  required  from  the  Club  hut,  but 
of  course  a  fast  party  will  take  less, 
and  varying  conditions  retard  or  ad- 
vance equally  quick  parties.  In  No.  5 
of  the  'Revue  Alpine'  for  1897  a 
list  of  the  hitherto  recorded  ascents 
of  the  Meije  is  given,  from  which  it 
appears  that  Mr.  R.  Corry,  in  1893, 
succeeded  in  going  from  the  Club  hut 
to  the  summit  in  5^  hrs.,  about  the 
same  time  having  been  taken  for  the 
return  to  La  Berarde,  a  marvellous 
'  tour  de  force.' 

If  the  ascent  be  taken  from  La  \ 


Grave  it  is  necessary  to  mount  by 
the  right  side  of  the  Tabuchet 
glacier  to  the  so-called  Rocher  de 
PAigle  (4  hrs.),  a  rocky  hump 
in  the  snowy  ridge  between  that 
glacier  and  the  Homme  glacier,  on 
the  E.  Thence  the  Cent?-al  Su?n- 
mit  (3,970  m.,  13,025  ft.)  may  be 
gained  in  2j-2j-  hrs.  by  its  N.E. 
rocky  face,  reached  from  the  gap  to 
the  E.  The  traverse  of  the  ridge  to 
the  W.  is  said  not  to  offer  any  great 
difficulties  for  a  long  way,  the  best 
route  being  to  walk  between  the 
snow  and  the  rocky  teeth  which  stud 
the  ridge.  \\  hr.  from  the  Central 
Summit  suffices  to  reach  the  top  of 
the  last  tooth,  looking  down  into  the 
deep  gap  (the  Breche  Zsigmondy) 
between  it  and  the  Grand  Pic.  The 
descent  into  this  is  very  difficult,  but 
the  reascent  thence  to  the  Grand  Pic 
is  made  by  good  though  steep  rocks. 
i\  hr.  or  more  may  be  required  from 
the  top  of  the  last  tooth  to  the  Grand 
Pic,  or  2  J  hrs.  in  all  from  the  Central 
Summit.  But  of  course  the  time 
needed  varies  with  the  state  of  the 
rocks  and  the  nature  of  the  party, 
and  may  take  4  hrs.  or  more. 

The  Central  and  Eastern  Summits 
of  the  Meije  have  been  noticed  in  §  8. 
Rte.  A,  as  they  will  generally  be 
climbed  from  La  Grave.  The  latter 
i  (3,911  m.,  12,832  ft.)  was  first 
climbed  in  1878,  by  Monsieur  Henry 
Duhamel,  and  commands  a  most 
amazing  view  of  the  Central  Summit, 
known  locally  as  the  4  Doigt  de 
Dieu.'  The  Pic  du  Glacier  Carre 
(3,860  m.,  12,665  ft-)3  just  W-  of  the 
Western  Summit,  was  first  climbed  in 
1890  by  Mr.  Alfred  Holmes,  1^  hr. 
being  required  by  the  hard  rocks  of 
the  S.  face  and  W.  side  from  the  gap 
to  the  W.  of  the  peak. 

In  the  2 1  st  volume  of  the  c  Annu- 
aire  du  Club  Alpin  Francais  '  Mon- 
sieur Paul  Guillemin  has  published  a 
very  curious  list  of  the  various  en- 
gravings and  drawings  {not  paintings 
or  photographs)  (216  in  number)  of 
the  Meije ;  the  earliest  dates  from 
i   1799  onrv>  and  the  next  from  1827, 


ROUTE  B.    ASCENTS  FROM  LA  BERARDE  145 


while  as  lately  as  i860  18  only  were  | 
known. 

(c)  In  the  Pilatte  glen  there  are 
three  peaks  which  are  attractive  to 
those  who  seek  rock  climbs  :  Les 
Bans,  3,651  m.,  11,979  ft.  (7J  hrs. 
from  La  Berarde,  by  way  of  the  Col 
des  Bans,  Rte.  D.  4) ;  the  Fifre, 
3,630  m.,  11,910  ft.  (6J  hrs.  byway 
of  the  Col  des  Avalanches,  above,  a, 
and  Rte.  D.  2)  ;  and  the  Point e  des 
Etages,  3,564  m.,  11,693  ft.  (7J  hrs. 
by  way  of  the  Col  de  la  Lavey,  Rte. 
E.  3).  By  the  latter  Col,  or  more 
directly,  in  3  hrs.,  by  the  Veneon  ! 
valley,  the  La  Lavey  chalets  can  be  i 
reached,  whence  the  Pic  cVOlan 
(3,578  m.,  n,739  ft.)  is  accessible  in 

7  hrs.  (see  Rte.  E.  3). 

(d)  There  are  some  other  summits 
nearer  La  Berarde  which  deserve  a 
brief  notice.  The  imposing  Tete  du 
Ronget  (3,421  m.,  11,224  ft.),  on 
the  N.W.,  may  be  climbed  in 
6-7  hrs.  by  the  S.E.  arete,  which  is 
best  reached  either  by  following  the 
ridge  from  the  Tete  de  la  Maye,  or 
from  the  Plaret  glacier,  on  the  N.E., 
by  a  long  traverse.  But  it  can  also 
be  attained  from  Les  Etages  by  the 
Combe  d'Amont  and  the  steep 
smooth  rocks  of  the  W.  side  of  the 
N.  ridge.  The  Pic  Boitrcet  ( 3, 697  m. , 
12,130  ft.),  or  S.  Summit  of  the 
Grande  Ruine,  may  be  climbed  by  a 
difficult  route  up  the  very  rotten 
rocks  of  its  W.  face,  which  do  not 
seem  very  attractive.  Finally  a 
traveller  who  for  any  reason  wishes 
to  ascertain  by  personal  experience 
what  stones  in  Dauphine  can  be  like 
should  not  fail  to  make  the  ascent  of 
the  E.  and  highest  summit  of  the 
Roche  d'Alvau^^^m.,  11,595  ft.), 
which  may  be  effected  in  rather  over 
5  hrs.  from  La  Berarde  by  way  of 
the  Col  des  Ecrins  route  (Rte.  D.  1)  I 
and  the  S.  arete  of  the  peak.  The 
W.  summit  of  the  Roche,  a  fine  rock 
tooth  (3,415  m.,  11,205  ft.),  maybe 
climbed  in  4J  hrs.  from  La  Berarde 
by  way  of  the  A  Ivan  glacier,  the  S. 
face,  and  the  W.  ridge. 

{e)  Finally  we  may  mention  some  1 
1. 


of  the  minor  peaks  round  La  Berarde 
which  can  be  scaled  on  an  off  day. 
The  Tete  de  Ckarrib'e  (3,442  m., 
11,293  ft.),  very  conspicuous  from 
the  village,  is  4  hrs.  distant  by  way 
of  the  Soni/ne  or  Charriere  glacier 
and  the  Breche  of  that  name  at  its 
head.  The  Tete  de  Cheret  (3,159m., 
10,365  ft.)  on  the  S.  also  makes  a 
great  show  from  La  Berarde,  and  may 
be  climbed  in  \  hr.  from  the  Col  de 
Cheret,  on  its  S.,  which  is  3-4  hrs. 
from  La  Berarde  by  way  of  the  main 
and  Petit  Chardon  glaciers  (Rte.  E. 
2).  The  Flambeau  des  Ecrins 
(3,523  m.,  11,559  ft.)  and  the 
Point e  de  Balme  Roils se  (3,224  nu, 
10,578  ft.)  are  two  rocky  points  on 
the  ridge  extending  W.  from  the 
mass  of  the  Ecrins  :  the  former  is 
accessible  in  5  hrs.  from  La  Berarde 
by  following  the  route  of  the  Col  de 
la  Temple  (Rte.  D.  2)  to  the  point 
where  it  leaves  that  towards  the  Col 
des  Avalanches,  and  then  mounting 
N.E.  by  the  S.W.  side  of  a  tongue 
of  glacier  to  the  W.  ridge  ;  the  latter 
in  6  hrs.  by  bearing  W.  from  the 
same  point,  and  then  climbing  the 
face  direct  or  up  to  the  N.  E.  arete. 

It  need  only  be  added  that  by 
going  from  La  Berarde  to  the  Alpe 
inn  (Rte.  C.  4) ,  the  Tuckett  Club 
hut  (Rte.  D.  1),  or  the  Provence 
Club  hut  (Rte.  G)  many  other  peaks 
may  be  attained.  For  the  passes 
from  La  Berarde,  see  Rtes.  C,  D, 
and  E. 


Route  C. 

VENEON    VALLEY     TO     LA  GRAVE 
AND  THE  LAUTARET  ROAD. 

In  the  two  preceding  Rtes.  we  have 
described  the  main  valley  of  the 
Pelvoux  district,  and  indicated  the 
principal  ascents  to  be  made  from  La 
Berarde,  at  its  head,  which  is  the 
natural  centre  of  the  region.  We 

L 


146  DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9.  PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


must  now  proceed  to  give  some 
account  of  the  passes  which  lead  in 
many  directions  from  that  valley, 
and  afford  the  only  means  of  exit 
from  it  save  through  the  valley 
itself. 

It  was  pointed  out  in  the  Intro- 
duction to  this  Section  that,  roughly 
speaking,  the  Pelvoux  group  forms  a 
quadrangle,  open  to  the  N.W.,  as  it 
is  there  pierced  by  the  Veneon 
torrent.  A  glance  at  the  map  shows 
that  N.  of  this  quadrangle  is  the 
Roinanche  valley,  E.  the  Vallouise  > 
and  S.  the  Valgaudemar ■,  so  that 
passes  naturally  lead  into  each  of 
these  three  outer  glens  (Rtes.  C,  D, 
and  E).  But  there  are  two  main 
exceptions  to  this  simple  and  sym- 
metrical arrangement,  one  at  the  E. 
and  the  other  at  the  W.  end  of  the 
district. 

So  far  from  the  whole  of  the  E. 
slope  of  the  E.  wall  of  the  quad- 
rangle being  occupied  by  the  Val- 
louise,  that  valley  includes  but  the 
southern  half  of  that  slope.  The 
reason  is  that  from  the  Roche  Faurio, 
on  the  main  watershed,  and  just  N. 
of  the  Ecrins,  a  great  ridge  stretches 
in  an  easterly  direction.  This  cuts 
short  the  N.  extension  of  the 
Vallouise,  and  affords  room  for  the 
Romanche,  which,  instead  of  flowing 
directly  from  the  Col  du  Lautaret, 
takes  its  origin  at  the  N.  foot  of  this 
great  lateral  ridge.  Hence,  as  we 
shall  see  below,  passes  lead  from  the 
Veneon  valley  to  La  Grave  and  the 
Lautaret  road  not  only  over  the 
N.  wall  of  the  quadrangle,  as  we 
should  expect,  but  also  over  the  N. 
half  of  the  E.  wall,  while  the  exist- 
ence of  the  great  lateral  ridge  already 
mentioned  enables  Vallouise  to  com- 
municate directly  by  passes  both  with 
La  Grave  and  Monetier  (Rtes.  H 
and  I). 

At  the  W.  extremity  of  the  district 
somewhat  similar  conditions  are 
found.  Just  about  the  point  where 
the  Veneon  valley  is  deflected  from 
W.  to  N.W.,  the  Valgaudemar  on 
the  S.  is  deflected  from  W.  to  S.W. 


Hence  the  Bonne  valley,  or  Val- 
jouffrey,  with  its  tributary  the  Valse- 
nestre,  is  thrust  up  into  the  W.  slope 
or  S.  wall  of  our  district,  so  that  the 
Valgaudemar,  like  the  Vallouise,  is, 
so  to  speak,  deprived  of  some  of  the 
passes  which  would  lead  into  it 
from  the  Veneon  valley  if  the  arrange- 
ment of  the  outer  valleys  had  been 
perfectly  symmetrical.  For  this  rea- 
son the  passes  from  the  Veneon  valley 
towards  the  S.  lead,  below  the  point 
where  that  valley  is  deflected  to  the 
N.W.,  into  the  Valjouffrey,  or  the 
Valsenestre  (Rte.  F),  with  a  single 
exception  ;  this  is  the  Breche  d'Olan, 
which  connects  the  glen  of  La  Lavey 
with  the  head  of  the  Valjouffrey, 
though  the  other  chief  passes  from 
that  glen  lead  directly  into  the  Val- 
gaudemar, thus  affording  a  curious 
parallel  with  the  St.  Pierre  glen, 
which  forms  the  N.  branch  of  the 
Vallouise. 

One  immediate  consequence  of 
this  complicated  state  of  things  is 
that  from  the  Veneon  valley  a  very 
great  number  of  passes  lie  across  the 
ranges  separating  it  from  the  Ro- 
manche valley.  Many  of  these  are 
merely  variations  of  better  known 
passes,  while  others  are  not  fitted  for 
general  adoption,  such  as  the  Breche 
Joseph  Turc,  W.  of  the  E.  Summit  of 
the  Meije,  and  the  Breche  Maximin 
Gaspard,  S.E.  of  the  same  peak,  both 
difficult  and  dangerous  passes  which 
were  first  forced  in  1895  by  Monsieur 
A.  Reynier,  with  the  guides  whose 
names  they  bear.  Referring  then  to 
the  Dauphine  '  Climbers'  Guide  '  for 
details  as  to  all  passes  effected  before 
1892,  we  may  confine  ourselves  in 
these  pages  to  notices  of  the  passes 
which  are  of  greatest  practical  utility. 
It  will  be  most  convenient  to  de- 
scribe them  in  topographical  order 
from  W.  to  E.,  thus  beginning  with 
the  lowest  and  easiest,  which  lead 
from  the  lower  portion  of  the  Veneon 
valley. 

1.  By  the  Col  de  l'Alpe.— This  way 
is  easy,  as  it  is  traversed  by  a  mule 
path,  and  agreeable ;  bjit,  apart  from 


ROUTE  C.    V^NEON  VALLEY  TO  LA  GRAVE  147 


the  views  gained  from  the  pass,  the 
traveller  sees  little  more  of  the  great 
glaciers  in  the  neighbourhood  than  he 
would  by  following  the  Lautaret  high 
road.  From  the  hamlet  of  Bourg 
d'Arud,  on  the  char  road  in  the  Ve- 
neon  valley,  the  mule  path  zigzags 
steeply  up  to  the  N.,  past  the  pic- 
turesque village  of  Venose  (1,049  m., 
3,442  ft.)  to  the  chalets  at  the  S. 
edge  of  the  undulating  pasture  pla- 
teau which  forms  the  Col,  1,660  m. , 
5,446  ft.  (ij-  hr. )  The  surrounding 
slopes  are  well  known  to  botanists 
for  the  many  rare  plants  which  may 
there  be  found.  From  the  plateau 
there  is  a  noble  view  of  the  Roche  de 
la  Muzelle,  to  the  S.,  and  of  the 
Grandes  Rousses,  on  the  N.  About 
•|  hr.  is  required  to  cross  the  plateau 
to  the  chalets  at  its  N.  edge,  whence 
the  mule  path  bears  right  in  order  to 
gain  the  village  of  Mont  de  Lans 
(there  is  a  short  cut  to  the  left  before 
entering  this  village),  from  which  a 
char  road  descends  to  Le  Freney,  on 
the  Lautaret  road  (1  hr. ,  or  3  hrs. 
from  Bourg  d'Arud).  A  slight  detour 
may  be  made  on  the  way  down  to 
visit  the  Porte  Romaine  (just  above 
the  Inferney  Tunnel,  and  \  hr.  from 
the  high  road),  a  relic  of  the  old 
Roman  road  which  passed  high  above 
the  left  bank  of  the  Romanche,  so  as 
to  avoid  the  great  gorges,  and  was 
the  usual  route  till  the  construction  of 
the  new  high  road  through  these 
gorges  in  the  present  century. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  la  Lauze. — This 
is  one  of  the  easiest  and  most  fre- 
quented glacier  passes  in  the  entire 
district,  its  name  being  taken  from 
the  local  name  for  the  black  shaly 
slate  which  forms  its  summit.  There 
are  two  ways  by  which  it  may  be 
gained  from  St.  Christophe,  the 
former  being  the  easiest,  and  afford- 
ing a  series  of  most  glorious  views  en 
route. 

(a)  By  the  Lac  Noir. — The  Lac 
Noir  is  a  considerable  mountain  tarn, 
which  lies  in  a  hollow  below  the 
S.W.  end  of  the  great  Mo7it  de  Lans 
glacier,  that  covers  the  N.  slope  of 


the  rugged  range  forming  the  water- 
shed between  the  Romanche  and  the 
Diable  torrent,  an  affluent  of  the 
Veneon.  There  is  now  a  Club  hut 
near  it  (2,820  m.,  9,252  ft.),  which 
may  be  reached  from  St.  Christophe 
in  3  hrs.  by  the  Escaliers  de  la  Mura, 
leading  up  from  the  Selle  huts,  in 
the  Diable  glen,  partly  by  a  series 
of  great  stairs  cut  in  the  rock  ; 
but  an  easier  though  longer  way 
(4 J  hrs. )  is  by  the  Breche  du  Grand 
Creux,  attained  direct  from  St.  Chris- 
tophe by  the  hamlet  of  Le  Buys,  and 
endless  slopes  of  stones.  The  Club  hut 
may  also  be  attained  in  5  hrs.  from 
Venose  by  a  roundabout  way  over 
pastures  and  a  low  pass  from  the 
plateau  of  the  Col  de  l'Alpe,  or  in 
rather  over  5  hrs.  direct  from  Le 
Freney  by  way  of  Mont  de  Lans  and 
Millorsol. 

From  the  Club  hut  a  stony  ravine 
and  snow  slopes  lead  up  in  I J  hr.  to  (or 
a  point  near  it)  the  Jandri  (3,292  m., 
10,801  ft.),  whence  the  S.  edge  of 
the  great  Mont  de  Lans  glacier  is 
followed  without  the  slightest  diffi- 
culty, but  amidst  very  grand  scenery, 
to  the  Col  (3  hrs.  or  less  from  the 
Club  hut). 

(b)  By  the  Selle  Gorge.— This  is 
the  most  direct  way,  and  offers  no 
real  difficulties.  From  St.  Christophe 
the  path  up  the  Selle  or  Diable  gorge 
is  followed,  mainly  along  the  right 
bank,  to  the  Selle  Club  hut,  2,685  m. , 
8,809  ft.  (3J  hrs.),  above  the  right 
bank  of  the  Selle  glacier.  The  gorge 
is  very  stony  and  desolate,  being  shut 
in  on  both  sides  by  high  and  steep 
rock  walls.  There  are  only  a  few 
chalets  in  it,  but  many  gullies  in  the 
N.  wall,  through  which  the  Mont  de 
Lans  glacier  may  be  gained  by  a 
more  or  less  rough  scramble. 

[This  Club  hut  may  serve  as  the 
starting  point  for  explorations  of  the 
considerable  Selle  glacier  at  the  end 
of  the  gorge,  and  the  ranges  that 
surrcund  it.  At  its  extreme  head  the 
Breche  du  Rdteau  leads  over  to  the 
Chatelleret  Club  hut,  in  the  Etancons 
glen  (4 J-  hrs.  from  one  hut  to  the 
L  2 


148  DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9.  PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


other).  From  the  W.  base  of  the 
pass  the  Petes  du  Replat  (3,432  m., 
1 1,260  ft. ),  on  the  S. ,  may  be  reached 
very  easily  in  2  hrs.  by  way  of  the  de- 
pression between  them,  or  the  Rateau 
(3,754m.,  12,317  ft.),  on  the  N.,  by 
way  of  its  S.E.  ridge  (4hrs.)  On 
the  S.  side  of  the  Selle  glacier  several 
gaps  give  access  to  the  Etancons  glen, 
while  on  its  N.  side  the  Col  de  la 
Girose  (accessible  by  a  broad  and 
steep  snow  gully)  leads  over  in  about 
4 J  hrs.  from  the  Selle  Club  hut  to 
the  little  mountain  inn  above  the  Puy 
Vachier  lake.  J 

The  Selle  Club  hut  is  just  at  the 
foot  of  the  great  stone-filled  (often 
much  snow)  funnel  which  must  be 
mounted  direct  to  the  Col  de  la  Lauze, 
3,543  m.,  11,625  ft-  (3  nrs-  from  tne 
Club  hut. ) 

Just  W.  of  it  is  a  low  hillock  of 
slate,  which  commands  a  more  exten- 
sive view.  This  can  be  still  further 
widened  by  climbing  in  \\  hr.  the 
Pie  de  la  Grave  (3,673  m.,  12,051  ft. ), 
on  the  E.  of  the  pass,  by  way  of  the 
ice  slope  on  its  N.  face,  and  the  easy 
rocky  N.W.  ridge. 

The  Col  is  at  the  extreme  S.E. 
corner  of  the  great  Mont  de  Lans 
glacier,  which  is  rather  a  vast  field  of 
neve,  about  6  m.  in  length  and  2-3 
in  width.  It  appears  to  be  of  vast 
thickness,  and  is  converted  into 
glacier  ice  along  its  lower  edge, 
which  extends  to,  and  is  visible  here 
and  there  from,  the  Lautaret  road, 
whither  there  are  several  difficult  lines 
of  descent. 

Bearing  to  the  N.E.  from  the  pass 
the  great  snow  fields  of  the  Girose 
glacier  are  soon  gained,  and  continu- 
ing down  them  in  nearly  the  same  direc- 
tion the  rocky  ridge  of  the  Col  dn  Lac 
is  crossed  to  a  rocky  hollow.  This 
must  be  descended  in  order  to  attain 
the  shores  of  the  beautiful  little  Puy 
Vachier  lake,  near  which  there  is 
now  a  little  mountain  inn,  2,400  m., 
7,874  ft.  (i|  hr.  from  the  pass.) 
The  view  from  the  lake  of  the  pre- 
cipices of  the  Rateau  overhead,  and 
of  the  marvellous  W.  Summit  of  the 


Meije,  is  most  glorious.    It  is  even 

finer  from  the  hillock  on   the  W. 

(1  hr.  off),  the  Peyron  cPAval,  or 
I  from   the  higher  Peyron  d?A??iont, 

2,862  m.,  9,390  ft.  (2  hrs.),  on  the 
I  S.E. 

From  the  inn  a  mule  path  descends 
N.  E.  across  pastures  to  the  Chalvachere 
chalets,  and  across  the  torrent  of  that 
name  (descending  from  the  Breche 
:   de  la  Meije)  to  the  Romanche,  which 
j  is  crossed  before  La  Grave  is  gained 
\   by  a  short  ascent  (i§  hr.  from  the 
inn). 

This  expedition  can  hardly  be  too 
:  highly  recommended. 

3.  By  the  Breche  de  la  Meije.— 
This  is  the  notch  at  the  head  of  the 
:   Etancons  glen,  between  the  Rateau 
and  the    Meije,    which,    though  a 
natural  gateway,  seems  very  formid- 
'  able  on  the  La  Grave  side,  so  that  it 
was  only  crossed  for  the  first  time  in 
1864  by  Messrs.  Moore,  H.  Walker, 
and   Whymper.     The   way  thither 
i  from  La  Berarde    (as   for  the  two 
passes   next   to   be   described)  lies 
through  the  Etancons  glen,  which 
forms  the  N.   arm  of  the  Veneon 
;   valley.    It  is  famed  for   its  many 
I  stones,  though  really  not  worse  than 
several  other  glens  in  this  district. 
From   La   Berarde   the  mule  path 
mounts  round  the  E.   flank  of  the 
Tete  de  la  Maye,  and  then  crosses 
to  the  left  bank  of  the  Etancons 
I  torrent,  which  is   followed   to  the 
i  Chatelleret   Club    hut,   2,250  m., 
!   7,382  ft.    (2  short   hours),   on  the 
green   1  oasis '  well  known  to  older 
'   explorers  of  these  ranges.    On  the 
way  to  and  from  the  Club  hut  there 
j  is  a  very  fine  view  of  the  S.  wall  of 
I  the  Meije  at  the  end  of  the  glen, 
though  it  is  here  rather  foreshortened, 
!  so  that  the  scene  is  more  impressive 
if  the  traveller  mounts  from  the  level 
of  the  glen  a  little  way  up  the  slopes 
j   on  either  side.    This  Club  hut  is  the 
!   best  starting  point  for  many  ascents, 
i   though  of  recent  years  active  climbers 
have  preferred  to  make  them  direct 
!  from  La  Berarde.    Most  are  noticed 
I  in  connection  with  the  passes  near 


ROUTE  C.    V^NfiQN  VALLEY  TO  LA  GRAVE  149 


them,  so  that  here  it  is  only  necessary 
to  point  out  that  the  Meije  has  been 
described  in  the  preceding  Rte. ,  and 
that  the  R&teau  (3,754  m.,  12,317  ft.) 
may  be  attained  in  5  hrs.  from  the 
Club  hut  by  way  of  the  S.E.  arete, 
which  is  more  easily  gained  from  the 
Selle  glacier  (see  2.  above),  while  the 
route  from  near  the  N.  foot  of  the 
Breche  de  la  Meije  by  the  E.  arete  is 
long  and  difficult. 

There  is  no  difficulty  (though  many 
stones  are  traversed)  in  mounting  the 
Etancons  glen  to  the  glacier  of  that 
name,  or  on  that  glacier  itself,  while 
the  final  rocks  which  defend  the  pass 
are  quite  easy,  if  attacked  on  the 
left.  3  hrs.  suffice  to  go  from  the 
Club  hut  to  the  Breche  (3,300  m., 
10,827  ft*) j  whence  there  is  a  sudden 
and  striking  view  of  La  Grave,  far 
below. 

A  steep  slope  of  snow  or  ice,  with 
a  bergschrund  which  may  sometimes 
be  troublesome,  leads  down  to  the 
upper  snows  of  the  Meije  glacier,  it 
being  best  as  a  rule  to  bear  far  to 
the  E.  Those  snows  are  then  crossed 
in  a  W.  direction  to  the  great  rocky 
Enfetchores  buttress  (not  always  easy 
to  gain  direct),  which  separates  two 
fine  icefalls.  These  rocks  are  not 
difficult,  being  made  up  of  several 
shelves  and  being  very  firm  and  good. 
At  their  base  the  moraine  below  the 
E.  icefall  is  traversed,  and  the  path 
on  the  right  side  of  the  Chalvachere 
torrent  followed,  the  path  from  the 
Col  de  la  Lauze  being  joined  on 
the  way  to  La  Grave.  4J  hrs. 
are  required  from  the  pass  to  La 
Grave.  Naturally  this  pass  is  far 
more  laborious  when  taken  from  La 
Grave,  which  is  a  good  deal  lower 
than  La  Berarde.  But  the  scenery  is 
throughout  first-rate,  and,  though  not 
the  easiest,  it  is  by  far  the  most 
direct  route  between  La  Berarde  and 
La  Grave. 

4.  By  the  Col  du  Clot  des  Cavales. 
— At  the  beginning  of  this  Rte.  it  was 
pointed  out  that  the  Romanche  has 
its  sources  at  the  base  of  a  great 
ridge  which  runs  eastwards  from  the 


Roche  Faurio,  and  the  two  next 
passes  to  be  described  lead  from  La 
Berarde  to  the  head  waters  of  that 
river.  There  is  now  a  comfortable 
little  mountain  inn  near  the  Alpe 
chalets  on  the  La  Grave  side. 

A  great  number  of  passes  connect 
the  Etancons  glen  with  this  inn,  but 
in  these  pages  two  only  need  be 
noticed,  a  third,  the  Col  du  Pave, 
close  under  the  E.  Summit  of  the 
Meije,  being  only  mentioned  here  by 
reason  of  the  amazing  view  thence 
across  the  S.  wall  of  the  Meije,  even 
better  seen  from  the  Pave  (3,831  m., 
12,569  ft.),  which  is  accessible  from 
the  pass  in  2\  hrs.  by  the  W.  face 
and  S.  ridge. 

The  Col  du  Clot  des  Cavales  is  the 
easiest  way  from  La  Berarde  to  La 
Grave,  while  it  has  long  been  known 
to  the  natives,  and  offers  no  diffi- 
culties if  the  right  way  (rather  in- 
tricate on  the  La  Berarde  side)  be 
hit  ;  it  is  now  well  marked  up  to  the 
base  of  the  final  couloir.  This  route 
starts  from  the  Chatelleret  Club  hut, 
in  the  Etancons  glen  (see  3.  above), 
and  mounts  E.  by  grass  and  stones 
to  the  upper  debris  slopes  above  the 
steep  rocks  descending  to  the  valley. 
Here  the  traveller  should  be  careful 
to  turn  his  back  on  the  basin  filled  by 
the  Grande  Ruine  glacier  on  the  E. , 
especially  on  a  very  tempting-looking 
notch  (the  Col  de  la  Grande  Ruine) 
in  its  N.  E.  corner.  The  right  way 
to  our  pass  here  turns  due  N. ,  a  track 
being  followed  over  rocks  between 
the  precipices  above  the  Etancons 
glen  on  the  left,  and  the  rock  ridge 
rising  on  the  right  to  the  S.  Pic  des 
Cavales.  In  this  way  the  neve  in 
the  hollow  between  the  two  Pics  des 
Cavales  is  gained,  and  thence  a  broad 
snow  couloir  to  the  N.E.  leads  up  to 
the  Col  (3,128  m.,  10,263  which 
is  the  opening  between  them  (3  hrs. 
from  the  Chatelleret).  Either  of 
these  summits  can  be  gained  from  the 
Col  by  a  steep  scramble  up  rocks. 
The  Col  commands  a  fine  view  of 
the  Meije,  though  not  so  fine  as  from 
several  other  points  of  view.  The 


DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9.  PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


broad  Clot  des  Cavales  glacier,  on  the 
other  side,  offers  as  a  rule  no  diffi- 
culties. It  is  quitted  on  its  left  bank, 
and  then  the  crest  of  a  huge  old  grass  - 
grown  moraine  followed,  and  then 
stones  on  the  left  bank  of  the  torrent, 
the  Clot  des  Cavales  hollow  lying  on 
the  right  hand.  Soon  after  reaching 
the  junction  of  the  Clot  des  Cavales 
stream  with  the  infant  Romanche, 
flowing  from  the  S.,  a  quaint  rock 
and  earth  bridge  leads  over  to  the 
right  bank  of  the  combined  streams. 
The  way  is  now  nearly  level,  and 
becomes  less  and  less  stony  till,  after 
passing  the  ruined  mine  buildings  on 
the  left,  a  short  ascent  up  grass  slopes 
leads  to  the  little  mountain  inn 
(2,100m.,  6,890  ft.)  near  the  Alpe 
chalets  (2  J-  hrs.  from  the  Col). 
From  the  Clot  des  Cavales  glacier 
there  is  a  very  fine  view  of  the 
couloir-streaked  precipices  of  the  N. 
face  of  the  Grande  Ruine,  wThile 
from  the  inn  the  E.most  point  on 
that  ridge,  the  Roche  Meane($,  700  m. , 
12,140  ft.),  is  a  very  striking  object. 

£This  little  inn  offers  admirable 
headquarters  for  exploring  the  neigh- 
bouring peaks.  Of  these  the  Grande 
Ruine  (5  hrs.)  is  noticed  under  5. 
below,  the  Pic  deNeige  Cordier  in  Rte. 
H,  and  the  Montague  des  Agneaux 
in  Rte.  I.  1.  Few  travellers  will  be 
tempted  by  the  stony  ascent  of  the 
Pics  de  Neige  du  Lautaret  to  the 
N.W.,  but  that  of  the  Pic  Gaspard 
(3,880  m. ,  12,730  ft. ),  itself  a  splendid 
object,  is  recommended  to  active 
climbers.  It  was  first  vanquished  in 
1878  by  Monsieur  H.  Duhamel,  who 
gave  it  its  present  name  in  honour  of 
his  guide,  Pierre  Gaspard,  the  first 
conqueror  of  the  Meije  the  year 
before.  Its  ascent  takes  7-8  hrs. 
from  the  inn  by  way  of  the  grass- 
grown  moraine  described  above,  the 
Claire  glacier  to  the  S.E.  of  the 
peak,  and  the  E.  face  and  a  final 
rocky  narrow  ridge.  It  can  also  be 
scaled  in  8  hrs.  by  a  difficult  climb  up 
its  very  steep  rocky  S.W.  face.  The 
view  of  the  Meije  from  the  summit  is 
most  remarkable  and  impressive.] 


From  the  little  inn  at  Alpe  it  is 
easy  to  go  in  \\  hr.  or  less  by  the 
narrow  footpath,  called  the  '  sentier 
des  Crevasses,'  round  the  flank  of 
I  the  Pyramid e  du  Laurichard  to 
j  the  Lautaret  Hospice.  Should  the 
j  traveller  desire  to  reach  La  Grave 
he  has  only  to  follow  the  mule 
path  from  Alpe  above  and  along 
the  right  bank  of  the  Romanche 
to  Villard  d\4rene,  2  m.  from  La 
Grave  by  the  Lautaret  high  road 
(  iJ-2  hrs.  from  the  inn  to  La  Grave). 
From  the  inn  Monetier  may  be 
reached  in  3  hrs.  or  less  by  way  of 
the  grassy  Col  cPArsine  (2,400  m., 
7,874  ft.),  on  the  S.E. 

5.  By  the  Col  de  la  Casse  Deserte.— 
This  pass  was  discovered  in  1863  by 
Messrs.  Bonney  and  W.  and  G.  S. 
Mathews,  who  reached  it  from  the 
E.,  but  it  was  first  completely 
traversed  in  1873  by  Miss  Brevoort 
and  Mr.  Coolidge.  It  is  more  diffi- 
cult than  the  Clot  des  Cavales 
because  the  glacier  on  the  La 
Berarde  side  varies  much.  From  the 
Chatelleret  Club  hut  the  way  lies 
due  E.,  as  for  the  Clot  des  Cavales, 
this  direction  being  for  a  time 
changed  for  one  to  the  S.E.,  as  the 
Grande  Ruine  glacier  is  mounted. 
On  the  left  are  seen  the  rotten, 
though  not  really  very  difficult,  rocks 
leading  up  to  the  Breche  Giraud-  ■ 
Lezin  (3,598  m.,  11,805  ft-  )>  at  the 
N.  foot  of  the  highest  summit  of  the 
Grande  Ruine.  The  seracs  of  the 
Grande  Ruine  glacier  must  be  forced 
(when  possible)  close  under  the  Pic 
Bourcet,  and  then  a  snowy  hollow 
and  couloir  lead  up  to  the  narrow 
notch  of  the  pass,  3,510  m.,  11,516  ft. 
(4  hrs.  from  the  Chatelleret  hut),  be- 
tween the  Pic  Bourcet  (3,697  m., 
12, 130  ft. ),  on  the  S. ,  and  the  Grande 
Ruine  (3,754  m.,  12,317  ft.),  on  the 
I  N.  Both  summits  may  be  climbed 
j  hence.  The  former  is  a  difficult  rock 
j  climb  of  6|  hrs.  up  the  S.E.  face,  and 
has  also  been  ascended  from  the  S. 
and  W.  (see  last  Rte.),  but  the  rocks 
are  extremely  rotten.  The  Grande 
Ruine  is   far   easier,  and   may  be 


ROUTE  C.    VENEON  VALLEY  TO  LA  GRAVE 


151 


attained  in  I -J  hr.  or  less  by  the  S.  E. 
arete,  gained  from  the  Col  by  making 
a  round  over  the  lower  portion  of 
that  ridge  to  the  Upper  Plate  des 
Agneaux  glacier,  or  by  climbing  up 
nearly  direct  from  the  snowy  hollow 
just  on  the  La  Berarde  side  of  the 
pass  (5J-6  hrs.  from  the  Club  hut). 
The  panorama  from  the  Grande 
Ruine  is  one  of  the  finest  in  the 
district,  so  that  this  ascent  has 
become  a  favourite  one,  especially 
from  the  inn  at  Alpe. 

A  very  short  snow  gully  leads  from 
the  Col  to  the  Casse  Deserte  glacier, 
by  which  and  the  stones  on  its  left 
bank  the  Lower  Plate  des  Agneaux 
glacier,  on  the  S.E.,  is  gained  without 
any  difficulty  ( 1  hr. )  This  is  a  long  and 
level  ice  stream  nearly  wholly  covered 
by  moraines,  and  deeply  sunk  in  a 
hollow  between  high  and  precipitous 
ranges.  At  its  W.  end  is  seen  the 
narrow  and  very  steep  snow  couloir 
leading  up  to  the  Breche  de  Charriere, 
and  on  the  S.  the  still  more  repulsive 
ice  slopes  by  which  the  Breche 
(PAlvau  is  gained  :  both  passes  con- 
nect this  glacier  with  La  Berarde,  but 
neither  is  fitted  for  general  adoption, 
and  indeed  the  second  has  been  crossed 
but  once.  The  Plate  des  Agneaux 
glacier  offers  no  difficulties  beyond 
stones.  The  great  couloir  of  the 
Col  de  la  Roche  Faurio  is  seen 
on  the  S.E. ,  while  more  to  the  E. 
is  the  Agneaux  glacier,  descending 
from  the  Col  Emile  Pic  (for  both 
passes  see  Rte.  H).  It  takes  about  \\ 
hr.  to  reach  the  Etoile  tarn,  at  its'  lower 
end,  the  true  Source  of  the  Romanche. 
The  right  bank  of  the  Romanche 
is  then  followed,  the  way  from  the 
Col  du  Clot  des  Cavales  being  joined 
where  it  crosses  to  that  bank.  The 
inn  at  Alpe  may  be  reached  in  §  hr. 
from  the  little  tarn  mentioned,  or  in 
3  \  hrs.  from  the  pass. 

In  concluding  this  comparatively 
brief  notice  of  the  passes  from  the 
Veneon  valley  to  various  points  on 
the  Lautaret  road  it  may  be  once 
more  pointed  out  that  there  are  many 
o.ther  routes  than  those  here  indicated, 


while  active  mountaineers  will  prefer 
to  traverse  peaks,  even  the  Meije,  as 
has  of  late  years  become  quite  fashion- 
able. But  ordinary  travellers  should 
bear  in  mind  that  such  feats  are  not 
for  every  one. 


Route  D. 

LA  BERARDE  TO  VALLOUISE. 

As  the  Vallouise  is  on  the  E.  slope 
of  the  E.  wall  of  the  quadrangle 
formed  by  the  Pelvoux  group  it  is 
obvious  that  from  no  spot  lower  down 
the  Veneon  valley  than  La  Berarde  can 
passes  be  effected  across  the  dividing 
range.  Hence  the  title  of  this  Rte. 
differs  slightly  from  those  of  the 
others  which  describe  passes  leading 
from  the  Veneon  valley. 

There  is  not  as  great  a  choice  of 
passes  to  the  Vallouise  as  there  is 
from  La  Berarde  to  La  Grave,  because, 
as  noted  in  the  last  Rte.,  the  ridge 
stretching  E.  from  the  Roche  Faurio 
has  deprived  Vallouise  of  a  great  part 
of  the  E.  slope  of  the  group.  Of  the 
four  main  passes  to  be  noticed  below 
the  Col  de  la  Temple  is  by  far  the 
finest  and  easiest,  considered  as  a 
mere  route  from  one  valley  to  the 
other.  But  the  scenery  on  the  Cols 
des  Ecrins  and  du  Sele  is  also  very 
grand,  while  the  Col  de  la  Pilatte 
will  be  visited  only  by  those  who  are 
in  search  of  difficulties. 

1.  By  the  Col  des  Ecrins. — This 
pass  was  first  crossed  in  1862  by  Mr. 
Tuckett,  and  has  been  compared  to 
the  Strahlegg,  though  it  appears  to  the 
present  writer  (W.  A.  B.  C. )  that  the 
famous  Oberland  pass  rather  resem- 
bles the  Col  de  la  Temple.  The  Col 
des  Ecrins  is  nowadays  chiefly 
traversed  by  parties  who  have  crossed 
the  Ecrins  from  the  Col  des  Ava- 
lanches. Practically,  though  the 
statement  is  not  quite  accurate  topo- 
graphically, the  central  of  the  three 


152  DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9. 


PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


branches  which  make  up  the  Veneon 
valley  is  the  Bonne  Pierre  glen,  which 
opens  a  little  N.  E.  of  La  Berarde,  its 
torrent  joining  that  from  the  Etancons 
glen     instead     of    the  combined 
streams     of     the     Etancons  and 
Pilatte  glens.    That  torrent  is  crossed 
a  little    way    above    La  Berarde, 
and  then  its  right  bank  and  the  crest 
of  the  gigantic  moraine  on  the  right 
bank  of  the  glacier   of  that  name 
followed  till  the  upper  level  of  that 
glacier  can  be  attained.  Hitherto 
there  have  been  a  vast  number  of  stones 
even  for  Dauphine,  but  this  drawback 
is  largely  made  up  for  by  the  wonder- 
ful sight    of  the  pinnacle-crowned 
precipices  of  the  mass  of  the  Ecrins 
overhead,     though    of    course  the 
highest  summit  is  not  visible.  The 
base  of  the  very  long,  steep,  and  nar- 
row ice  couloir  giving  access  to  the 
Col  may  t>e  reached  in  3§  hrs.  from 
La   Berarde.     The   ascent   of  the 
couloir  takes  more  or  less  time,  ac- 
cording  to  its  condition,  but  2  hrs. 
generally  suffice,  and  it  is  often  best 
to  climb  the  steep  rocks  on  its  right 
bank.    The  pass  (3,415  m.,  11,205  ft.) 
is  a  narrow  window  in  a  jagged  rock 
ridge,  but  on  the  other  side  is  on  a 
level  with  the  upper  snows  of  the 
majestic  Glacier  Blanc.  The  attention 
of  the  traveller  will  naturally  be  at  once 
attracted  by  the  sight  of  the  great  N. 
faceofthePointe  des  Ecrins  (4, 103  m., 
13,462    ft.),    the   monarch   of  the 
Dauphine  Alps,  which  rises  S.  of  the 
Col.     It  was  by  that  face,  or  the 
ridges  which  frame  it,  that  the  first 
15  ascents   of  that   superb  summit 
were  made,  all,  that  is,  that  were 
effected  before  the  discovery  by  M. 
Duhamel  in  1 880  of  the  route  up  the 
S.  face,  which  is  now  generally  pre- 
ferred.   A  full  account  of  the  peak 
was  given  in  Rte.  B.  above,  as  it  is 
one  of  the  principal  expeditions  to  be 
made  from  La  Berarde.    A  very  good 
view  of  it  may  be  obtained  from  the 
Roche  Faui-io  (3,716  m. ,  1 2, 1 92  ft. ) , 
on  the  N.   of  the  Col,  and  easily 
accessible  thence  in  i\  hr.  by  either 
its  S.  or  E.  ridge. 


The  way  down  towards  Vallouise 
lies  over  the  gently  inclined  slopes  of 
the  Glacier  Blanc,  which  are  very  easy, 
while  the  surrounding  scenery  is  ex- 
tremely grand,  particularly  the  crags 
which  rise  on  the  ridge  running  N.E. 
from  the  Ecrins.  (The  highest  of 
these,  the  Barre  Noire,  3,800  m., 
12,468  ft.,  is  accessible  by  the  W. 
face  and  N.W.  arete  in  40  min.  from 
the  notch  to  its  S.W.)  In  about  I 
hr.  it  is  necessary  to  take  to  the  left 
bank  of  the  glacier  to  avoid  the  first 
icefall,  and  then  to  descend  stones 
and  rocks  close  to  the  edge  of  the  ice 
to  the  rocky  hollow  at  the  S.  foot  of 
the  Montagne  des  Agneaux,  wherein 
is  the  Tuckett  Club  hut,  2,504  m., 
8,216  ft.  (2J  hrs.  from  the  pass.)  It 
was  near  this  spot,  by  a  spring,  that 
the  early  explorers  of  these  regions 
used  to  bivouac.  Hence  there  is  a 
most  glorious  and  famous  view  of  the 
Pelvoux  and  its  neighbours. 

[From  this  hut  (which  is  rather 
damp)  several  ascents,  besides  that 
of  the  Ecrins,  may  be  made.  That 
of  the  Montagne  des  Agneaux  — 
much  recommended — is  described  in 
Rte.  I. ,  and  that  of  the  Pic  de  Neige 
Cordier  in  Rte.  H.  The  Point e  de 
la  Grande  Sagne  ( 3 , 7  7 9  m . ,  1 2 , 399  ft. ) , 
on  the  other  side  of  the  glacier,  may 
be  climbed  in  rather  over  5  hrs.  byway 
of  the  notch  at  the  S.W.  foot  of  the 
highest  pinnacle,  and  the  S.W.  ridge  ; 
from  that  notch,  the  Col  de  la  Grande 
Sagne,  the  Glacier  Noir  can  be 
attained  in  1  \  hr.  without  any  great 
difficulty  by  a  deep  snow  couloir,  and 
this  is  an  alternative  route  from  the 
Club  hut  to  the  Pre  de  Madame 
Carle.  J 

It  takes  a  long  hour  to  descend 
from  the  Club  hut  to  the  Pre  de 
Madame  Carle,  the  rocks  on  either 
side  of  the  Glacier  Blanc  being  prac- 
ticable, those  on  the  right  bank  being 
the  most  convenient.  The  Pre  is  a 
stone-strewn  plain,  whereon  there  are  a 
few  pine  trees,  amongst  which  is  the 
Cezanne  Club  hut  (1,851  m.,  6,073 
ft. ),  which  will  in  the  future  be  but 
little  used,  as  there  is  now  at  last  a 


ROUTE  D.    LA  BERARDE  TO  VALLOUISE 


153 


little  mountain  inn  at  Ailefroide.  The 
Pre  was  formerly  the  meeting  point 
of  the  Glacier  Blanc  and  the  Glacier 
Noir,  but  the  snout  of  the  former  has 
long  retired  high  up  the  cliffs,  while 
the  latter  is  at  its  lower  end  so  covered 
with  stones  that  it  is  not  always  easy 
to  determine  where  it  ends.  The 
singular  name  of  this  plain  is  derived 
from  a  noble  lady  who  in  the  sixteenth 
century  managed  the  estates  (of  which 
luckily  the  Pre  was  but  a  small  part) 
of  her  deceased  husband  on  behalf  of 
her  ten  infant  children,  and  has  no 
connection  with  any  legend,  as  is 
often  supposed. 

The  path  from  the  Cezanne  Club 
hut  soon  crosses  the  St.  Pierre  torrent 
by  a  bridge,  and  leads  along  its  left 
bank  through  the  N.  branch  of  the 
Vallouise  to  the  little  triangular  green 
plain  of  Ailefroide  (1  hr. ),  where 
stand  a  few  miserable  huts  and 
(some  way  to  the  S.W. )  the  new 
Inn,  by  far  the  best  headquarters 
for  mountaineers  at  the  head  of  the 
Vallouise.  There  are  many  fine  trees 
on  this  plain,  and  several  magnificent 
springs  of  the  freshest  and  most 
sparkling  water,  while  its  position  at 
the  junction  of  the  St.  Pierre  glen 
with  that  of  Celse  Niere  (see  3. 
below,  and  for  the  ascent  of  the  Pel- 
voux,  Rte.  G)  makes  it  a  very  central 
spot  whence  to  explore  the  neighbour- 
ing ranges.  The  mule  path  towards 
Vallouise  '  winds  among  huge  lichen- 
stained  blocks,  beneath  the  shade  of 
scattered  larches,  and  past  rounded 
domes  of  rock,  scored  and  chiselled  by 
ancient  glaciers,  while  in  a  deep  ravine 
on  the  left  roars  the  torrent  which 
bears  down  the  waters  flowing  from  all 
sides  of  the  Pel  voux  5  (W.M.  revised). 
There  are  few  more  picturesque  bits 
in  the  Dauphine  Alps,  and  the 
traveller  will  be  almost  sorry  when  a 
final  stony  descent  brings  him,  at  the 
last  across  the  river,  to  the  village  of 
Les  Claux  {\  hr. )  It  is  just  at  the 
foot  of  the  imposing  precipices  of  the 
Pelvoux,  and  on  the  way  to  Monetier 
by  the  Col  de  PEychauda  (Rte.  I.  3). 
Thence  it  is  3  m.  (a  short  hour)  by  a 


char  road  along  the  left  bank  of  the 
stream,  now  called  the  Gyr,  which 
is  crossed  to  Ville  Vallouise,  a  little 
above  the  point  at  which  it  becomes 
the  Gyronde  by  its  junction  with  the 
Onde  from  the  other  main  branch  of 
the  Vallouise. 

2.  By  theQol  de  la  Temple.— This 
is  in  almost  every  respect  the  best 
route  by  which  to  go  from  La  Berarde 
to  Vallouise.  The  pass  can  easily  be 
combined  with  the  ascent  of  the  Pic 
Coolidge  (3,756  m.,  12,323  ft.),  an 
extremely  grand  view-point. 

The  way  to  the  pass  lies  through 
the  S.  or  main  branch  of  the  Veneon 
valley,  the  Pilatte  glen.  The  mule 
path  runs  along  the  right  bank  of  the 
torrent.  The  opening  of  the  Chardon 
glen  (see  next  Rte. )  is  passed  on  the 
right,  there  being  a  small  grassy  plain, 
with  some  rude  huts  (mostly  ruined), 
at  the  meeting  of  the  two  glens. 
About  1 J  hr.  from  La  Berarde  is  the 
Carrelet  Club  hut  (2,070  m.,  6,792 
ft. ),  to  gain  which  a  short  stony  ascent 
must  be  made  along  the  left  bank  of 
the  Pilatte  lateral  torrent.  That  tor- 
rent must  be  crossed  on  leaving  the 
hut,  and  then  a  rough  steep  zigzag 
track  mounted  in  an  E.  direction 
through  a  forest  of  dwarf  pine  trees 
to  the  edge  of  a  considerable  hollow 
(J  hr. )  Leaving  here  the  way  to  the 
Ecrins  and  the  Col  des  Avalanches 
(see  Rte.  B.  3)  on  the  left  hand,  the 
way  bears  sharply  to  the  5.  across 
the  stones  at  the  foot  of  the  S.W. 
spur  of  the  Pic  Coolidge,  more  stones 
then  bringing  the  traveller  to  the 
Temple  glacier,  up  which  snow  slopes 
lead  without  the  slightest  difficulty  to 
the  pass,  3,283  m.,  10,771  ft.  (3  hrs. 
from  the  Club  hut),  a  pass  which  has 
long  been  known  to  the  natives.  On 
the  E.  the  view  is  mainly  limited  to 
the  great  peaks  round  the  Glacier 
Noir,  which  present  a  variety  of  fan- 
tastic forms  ;  while  on  the  W.  the 
summits  round  the  Chardon  glacier 
are  very  striking.  In  \  hr.  from  the 
Col  the  low  Pic  de  la  Temple  (3,314 
m. ,  10,873  ft-)  can  De  easily  attained. 
But   it   is  far   preferable  either  to 


154  DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9.  PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


bear  N.E.  from  the  main  Temple 
glacier  (before  making  the  last  ascent 
to  the  pass)  by  a  branch  of  that 
glacier,  at  the  head  of  which  the  S. 
ridge  of  Pic  Coolidge  (3,756  m. , 
1 2, 323  ft. )  is  gained  by  rocks  in  3 J  hrs. 
from  the  Club  hut,  and  the  summit, 
along  that  easy  ridge,  in  a  good 
\  hr.  more,  or  from  the  Col  itself 
to  mount  by  the  whole  of  the  S. 
ridge  direct  in  ij  hr.  to  that  peak. 
From  no  other  point  can  a  finer  view 
be  gained  of  the  precipitous  rock 
walls  of  the  Ecrins,  Ailefroide,  and 
Pelvoux  which  close  in  the  deep 
Glacier  Noir,  while  much  else  is  seen, 
so  that  this  peak  deservedly  attracts 
many  visitors,  who,  while  unable 
themselves  to  ascend  the  loftiest  peaks 
of  the  district,  yet  desire  to  admire 
them. 

[Looking  N.  from  the  Pic  Coolidge 
over  the  rock  tower  of  the  Fifre, 
3,630  m.,  11,910  ft.  (a  rock  scramble 
of  about  2  hrs.  from  the  Col  des 
Avalanches),  is  the  gap  of  the  Col  des 
Avalanches  (3,511  m.,  11,520  ft.) 
This  is  in  a  sense  a  variation  of  the 
Col  de  la  Temple,  but  the  formidable 
ice  couloir  on  the  E.  side  has  been 
but  once  traversed,  so  that,  as  the 
pass  is  easily  reached  from  the  W., 
and  forms  one  step  in  the  ascent  of 
the  Ecrins  from  the  S.,  it  is  more 
convenient  to  notice  it  in  Rte.  B.  S. 
of  the  Pic  de  la  Temple  is  the  Col  de 
la  Coste  Rouge  (3,152  m.,  10,342  ft.), 
a  rather  shorter  variation  of  the 
Temple,  reached  on  the  W.  by  the 
Coste  Rouge  glacier,  and  accessible 
on  the  E.  from  the  Glacier  Noir  by  a 
short  snow  couloir.  J 

The  descent  from  the  Col  de  la 
Temple  on  the  E.  lies  over  debris, 
and  then  to  the  S.  by  an  easy  rock 
couloir  (to  the  head  of  which  there  is 
a  track),  the  Glacier  Noir  being 
attained  in  about  |  hr.  from  the  pass. 
This  considerable  glacier  is  through- 
out nearly  the  whole  of  its  length 
covered  by  stones,  but  the  views  of 
the  great  precipices  on  all  sides,  and 
of  the  striking  couloir  of  the  Col  des 
Avalanches,  serve  to  distract  the  atten- 


tion of  the  wearied  traveller.  It  is 
best  to  keep  towards  the  left  bank  of 
the  glacier,  which  is  very  nearly 
level,  quitting  it  on  the  right  bank  in 
order  to  gain  (3 \  hrs.  from  the  pass) 
the  Cezanne  Club  hut,  on  the  Col  des 
Ecrins  route  (1.  above),  which  is  two 
good  hours  from  Vallouise.  The  Col 
de  la  Temple  may  for. ease  and  beauty 
be  compared  to  the  Strahlegg  or 
Tschingel  Passes. 

3.  By  the  Col  du  Sele.— At  the 
extreme  S.  head  of  the  Pilatte  glen  of 
the  Veneon  valley  is  the  splendid 
Pilatte  glacier,  one  of  the  most  ex- 
tensive and  magnificent  in  the  Pel- 
voux district.  From  it,  besides  the 
Col  du  Says,  leading  to  the  Valgaude- 
mar  (see  next  Rte.),  there  are  several 
passes  over  to  the  Vallouise.  The 
easiest  and  most  recommended  of 
these  is  the  Col  du  Sele,  though  care 
must  be  taken,  if  mounting  from  La 
Berarde,  to  strike  the  right  spot  on 
the  ridge. 

From  the  Carrelet  Club  hut  the 
way  lies  up  the  right  bank  of  the 
torrent  to  the  Pilatte  glacier  (f  hr. ), 
which  is  then  mounted,  the  icefall 
being  easily  turned  by  rocks  on  the 
left  bank.  (From  the  lower  plateau 
the  Col  de  V Ailefroide,  between  the 
Ailefroide  and  the  Pointe  du  Sele,  is 
due  E. ,  at  the  summit  of  a  steep  rock 
wall,  above  the  Coin  glacier. )  The 
upper  plateau  once  gained,  the  snow 
gap  of  the  Col  de  la  Pilatte  (4.  below) 
lies  due  S. ,  but  to  gain  the  Col  du 
Sele  it  is  necessary  to  bear  gradually 
from  S.E.  to  E.  over  snow  slopes, 
thus  sweeping  round  the  head  of  the 
glacier,  and  finally  climbing  a  short 
rocky  barrier  to  the  pass,  3,302  m., 
10,834  ft.  (4J  hrs.  from  the  Club 
hut. )  The  view  is  rather  limited,  so 
that  travellers  are  strongly  advised  to 
ascend  either  the  Pointe  du  Sele 
(3,483  m.,  11,428  ft.),  N.  of  the  pass 
(by  a  snow  gully  leading  from  its 
S.E.  foot,  and  then  round  to  the  N. 
ridge,  1  \  hr.  up  from  the  Col),  or  the 
highest  summit  of  the  Crete  des  B&ufs 
Rouges  {1 ,454  m.,  11,333  ft.),  on  the 
S.  (ij  hr.  by  the  E.  side  of  the  N. 


ROUTE  D.    LA  BERARDE  TO  VALLOUISE 


355 


ridge,  and  the  rotten  rocks  of  that 
ridge. ) 

[One  of  the  finest  objects  to  be  seen 
from  the  Sele  glacier  is  the  Ailefroide 
(3,925  m.,  12,878  ft.),  the  highest 
and  most  westerly  summit  of  which 
was  first  ascended  in  1870  by  Mr. 
Coolidge  from  this  side.  From  the 
left  edge  of  the  lower  portion  of  the 
Sele  glacier  the  Ailefroide  glacier  is 
gained  and  traversed  to  its  right 
bank,  whence  the  ascent  is  completed 
by  the  S.S.E.  ridge,  by  snow  and 
rocks  (5J  hrs.  from  the  left  bank  of 
the  Sele  glacier).  This  peak  has  been 
gained  from  La  Berarde  by  a  long 
and  roundabout  way  via  the  W. 
ridge,  but  attempts  to  reach  it  from 
the  Coste  Rouge  glacier,  on  the  N.W. , 
have,  as  yet,  proved  unsuccessful,  so 
that  the  route  of  1870  is  still  the  best.  \ 
It  is  possible  that  the  Ailefroide  is  ; 
higher  than  the  Pelvoux,  and  so 
should  rank  as  the  third  independent  I 
peak  in  the  district.  J 

The  way  down  the  Sele  glacier  is 
easy,  the  cliffs  of  the  Ailefroide  on 
the  left  dividing  the  attention  of  the 
traveller  with  the  rocky  pinnacles  on 
the  Crete  des  Bceufs  Rouges  ridge  on 
the  right,  which  divides  this  glacier 
from  the  Bans  glen  of  the  Vallouise. 
In  1  hr.  it  is  quitted  on  its  left  bank, 
where  it  descends  steeply  (if  there  is 
much  snow  leave  the  glacier  on  its 
right  bank,  and  descend  direct  by 
snow  to  the  Celse  Niere  glen).  A 
steep  rocky  barrier  leads  down  to  a 
huge  slope  of  shifting  stones  (locally 
called  a  '  clapier  '),  by  which  the  head 
of  the  Celse  Niere  glen  is  attained. 
Many  stones  then  bring  the  traveller 
along  the  left  bank  of  the  torrent  to 
the  huge  overhanging  boulder  known 
as  Sonreillan  (2,229  m->  7>3J3  ft. ), 
used  as  a  bivouac  by  the  early  ex- 
plorers of  this  district,  and  for  some 
time  (but  now  no  longer)  fitted  up  as 
a  rough  Club  hut,  Refuge  Ptiiseux. 
(For  the  ascent  of  the  Pelvoux 
from  the  Provence  Club  hut,  \\  hr. 
higher  up  the  mountain-side  on 
the  N.,  see  Rte.  G.)  It  is  about 
I  hr.  further   to  the  little  inn  at  j 


Ailefroide  (I.  above).  The  Celse 
Niere  glen  is  a  barren  and  dreary 
spot,  the  fitting  scene  of  a  horrible 
event,  which  took  place  here  in  1489, 
when  many  of  the  Waldensians  of 
Vallouise  were  smoked  to  death  in  a 
cave  high  up  on  the  side  of  the 
Pelvoux.  This  is  the  Balme  Ckapelu, 
which  is  said  to  be  now  inaccessible. 
The  inn  at  Ailefroide  is  hr.  above 
Vallouise  (see  1.  above). 

4.  By  the  Col  de  la  Pilatte.— This 
rarely  traversed  pass  lies  over  the 
snowy  ridge  at  the  extreme  S.  extre- 
mity of  the  Pilatte  glacier,  and  was 
first  crossed  in  1864  by  Messrs. 
Moore,  H.  Walker,  and  Whymper, 
whose  adventures  on  the  way  have 
been  vividly  described  by  two 
members  of  the  party.  There  is 
no  very  great  difficulty,  beyond 
gradually  steepening  snow  or  ice 
slopes,  in  gaining  (4  hrs.  from  the 
Carrelet  Club  hut)  any  one  of  several 
points  on  the  snowy  ridge  extending 
between  the  foot  of  Les  Bans  and  the 
highest  summit  -of  the  Crete  des 
Bceufs  Rouges.  This  ridge  has  been 
crossed  at  at  least  three  points,  which 
may  be  thus  distinguished  : — 

1.  Col  des  Bans,  forced  in  1 877  by 
Monsieur  E.  Boileau  de  Castelnau. 
This  is  close  to  the  E.  foot  of  Les 
Bans,  and  W.  of  several  low  snow 
humps. 

2.  Col  de  la  Pilatte.— The  1864 
party  crossed  E.  of  these  snow  humps, 
and  W.  of  a  much  higher  two-headed 
snowy  summit. 

3.  Since  1877  some  parties  have 
traversed  a  pass  still  more  to  the  E., 
between  the  double-headed  snowy 
summit  and  the  highest  point  of  the 
Crete  des  Bceufs  Rouges. 

From  any.  of  these  passes  a  very 
steep  ice  or  snow  couloir  leads  down 
to  the  small,  but  crevassed,  Bans 
glacier  (x|  hr. ),  whence  the  Col  du 
Sellar  route  (Rte.  K.  1 )  is  joined  at  the 
Entraigues  chalets  (2  hrs.  above  Val- 
louise) in  2  hrs.  from  that  glacier. 

These  passes  are  practically  useful 
for  one  reason  only,  since  from  no.  1 
(J  hr.  longer  from  no.  2)  the  fine 


156  DAUPHINfi  ALPS.    §  9.  PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


rocky  summit  of  Les  Bans  (3,651  m., 
11,979  ft.)  can  best  be  ascended  in 
about  2  hrs.  by  its  rocky  N.E.  face, 
it  being  necessary  gradually  to  keep 
nearer  and  nearer  the  E.  arete.  It 
rises  at  the  meeting  point  of  three 
valleys,  so  that  the  view  is  singularly 
interesting.  The  first  ascent  was  made 
in  1878  by  Mr.  Coolidge  by  the 
route  described.  In  1895  Rey- 
nier  succeeded  in  effecting  the  difficult 
ascent  of  the  slighter  lower  N.  peak 
from  the  head  of  the  Valgaudemar  by 
way  of  the  glacier  at  its  W.  foot,  and 
then  traversed  the  whole  ridge  in 
rather  over  1 J  hr.  to  the  S.  peak.  In 
1896  the  same  indefatigable  climber 
effected  a  new  route  up  the  S.  peak 
from  the  Bans  glacier,  by  way  of  a 
rocky  spur  (reached  from  the  N. ) 
projecting  from  the  great  E.  wall  of 
the  peak,  the  S.  arete  being  then 
gained,  and  mounted  to  the  summit. 
Bdi  these  two  routes  are  far  harder 
and  more  roundabout  than  that  of 
]  878,  which  has  been  adopted  by  the 
comparatively  few  travellers  who  have 
hitherto  attacked  this  grand,  rocky 
summit. 


Route  E. 

VENEON  VALLEY  TO  THE 
VALGAUDEMAR. 

It  was  explained  in  Rte.  C  that  the 
direct  passes  from  the  Veneon  valley 
to  the  Valgaudemar  on  the  S.  cross 
only  the  E.  portion  of  the  great  S. 
wall  of  the  Veneon  valley  ;  but, 
though  the  range  which  they  traverse 
is  thus  of  comparatively  limited  ex- 
tent, there  are  no  fewer  than  five 
main  passes  across  it,  the  three  first 
to  be  described  leading  from  La 
Berarde  over  to  Le  Clot,  at  the  head 
of  the  Valgaudemar,  and  the  •  two 
others  from  St.  Christophe  more 
directly  to  La  Chapelle,  its  principal 
village.    The  Cols  du  Says  and  de  la 


I  Muande  are  the  easiest,  and  the  Col 
j  des  Sellettes  by  far  the  hardest,  while 
the  Col  des  Rouies  can  very  easily  be 
combined  with  the  ascent  of  the 
Sommet  des  Rouies  (3,634  m.,  11,923 
ft. ),  one  of  the  chief  belvederes  of  the 
Dauphine  Alps. 

1.  By  the  Col  du  Says. — This  pass 
has  long  been  known  to  the  natives, 
though  the  first  passage  by  a  foreign 
traveller  seems  to  have  been  that  by 
1   the  late  Principal  Forbes  in  184 1. 

The  lower  plateau  of  the  great 
Pilatte  glacier  (see  last  Rte.  3  and  4) 
is  joined  by  the  crevassed  Says 
\  glacier,  flowing  from  the  S.W.  It 
j  takes  about  i±  hr.  from  the  Carrelet 
Club  hut  (Rte.  D.  2)— which  is  itself 
i-J  hr.  from  La  Berarde — to  reach 
that  lower  plateau.  The  icefall  of 
the  Says  glacier  is  turned  by  easy 
rocks  (crystalline  overlaid  by  slate)  on 
its  left  bank,  and  above,  snow  slopes, 
intersected  by  some  crevasses,  lead  to 
the  Col,  3,136  m.,  10,289  ft-  (2  nrs-> 
or  5  hrs.  from  La  Berarde). 

The  most  striking  object  from  the 
Col  is  the  Ailefroide  on  the  N.E. , 
which,  generally  having  the  appear- 
ance of  a  broad  wall,  from  this  point 
has  the  air  of  a  tremendous  rocky 
cliff,  streaked  here  and  there  with 
snow.  On  the  S.E.  of  the  Col  is  the 
Mont  Gioberney (3,350 m.,  10,991  ft.), 
accessible  in  1  \  hr.  by  an  easy  snow 
ridge  (also  in  2  hrs.  or  so  direct  from 
the  lower  plateau  of  the  Pilatte  glacier), 
while  on  the  N.W.  is  the  S.  Summit 
of  the  Pics  du  Says  (3,409  m., 
11,185  ft.),  best  reached  from  the 
foot  of  the  icefall  of  the  Says  glacier 
in  2J-2 J  hrs.  by  the  N.W.  branch  of 
that  glacier,  and  then  either  the  N. 
.   or  S.  rocky  ridge. 

The  descent  from  the  pass  into  the 
I   Valgaudemar  lies  down  a  short  snow 
1   wall,  succeeded  by  steep  broken  and 
:   partially  disintegrated  talcose  rocks, 
which  seem  worse  than  they  really 
i   are.    Beyond,  pastures  are  traversed 
'   horizontally  along  the  N.  side  of  the 
upper    Severaisse   glen   till   near  a 
waterfall  it  is  possible  to  descend  to 
;   the  level  of  that  glen.    At  the  head 


ROUTE  E.    V^NEON  VALLEY 


TO  THE  VALGAUDEMAR  157 


of  this  glen  there  are  gold  and  silver 
mines,  worked  a  few  years  ago  by  an 
English  company.  The  path  from 
them  along  the  left  bank  of  the 
Severaisse,  or  (shorter)  that  along  the 
right  bank  of  the  same  stream,  is  fol- 
lowed to  Le  Clot  (2-|  hrs.  from  the 
Col),  in  the  Valgaudemar,  of  which 
more  will  be  said  under  3.  below. 

2.  By  the  Col  du  Chardon.— This 
pass  (3,092  m.,  10,145  ft-)  is  rather 
shorter  than  the  Col  du  Says,  and  is 
therefore  here  briefly  noticed.  It  is 
reached  from  the  Chardon  glacier  (see 
under  3)  by  the  Petit  Char  don  glacier, 
which  flows  into  it  from  the  S.E., 
while  on  the  other  side,  a  good  \  hr. 
after  leaving  the  pass,  and  crossing  a 
small  glacier,  the  Col  du  Says  route 
is  joined.  This  is  the  shortest  way 
from  La  Berarde  to  the  Valgaudemar  ; 
less  than  5  hrs.  suffice  for  the  ascent 
from  La  Berarde,  and  rather  more 
than  2J  hrs.  for  the  descent  to  Le 
Clot. 

3.  By  the  Col  des  Rouies. — It  is 

scarcely  possible  to  imagine  an  easier 
route  than  that  from  La  Berarde  to 
this  pass,  so  that  travellers  who  do 
not  desire  to  make  any  adventurous 
expeditions  in  the  higher  regions  of 
the  Dauphine  Alps  should  not  fail  to 
visit  at  least  the  Chardon  glacier,  if 
not  the  very  easy  Sommet  des  Rouies, 
at  its  head. 

From  La  Berarde  the  Veneon  stream 
is  crossed  on  leaving  the  inn,  and 
then  a  mule  path  winds  round  the 
flanks  of  the  Rocher  de  PEncoula, 
passes  high  above  the  junction  of  the 
Chardon  side  glen  with  that  of 
Pilatte,  and  some  way  beyond  (many 
beautiful  Alpine  flowers  are  to  be 
found  en  rotite)  gradually  descends 
to  the  level  of  the  wide  and  nearly 
level  Chardon  glacier  (1^  hr.  from  La 
Berarde).  This  is  mounted  without 
the  slightest  difficulty,  the  traveller 
having  on  his  left  the  very  steep  ice 
and  snow  wall  of  the  Vaxivier,  and 
on  the  right  a  series  of  precipitous 
rocky  summits,  on  the  ridge  between 
the  Chardon  glen  and  that  of  Les 
Etages.    At  the  end  of  the  level  por- 


tion of  the  glacier  grassy  and  rocky 
slopes  ^on  the  right  lead  up  to  the 
small  Ane  glacier  (2  hrs.  from  the 
point  at  which  the  Chardon  glacier 
was  entered  upon). 

[Immediately  to  the  W.  is  the  Col 
de  la  Lavey  (3,330  m.,  10,926  ft.), 
reached  in  hr.  more.  It  is  in  a 
most  A singular  topographical  position. 
The  Ane  glacier  joins  the  La  Lavey 
glacier,  which  sends  one  arm  into  the 
Etages  glen  on  the  N.,  while  the 
main  stream  flows  S.W.  into  the  La 
Lavey  glen.  From  this  pass  2  hrs. 
suffice  to  gain  the  chalets  in  the  La 
Lavey  glen  (see  4.  below),  while  the 
bold  rocky  crag  of  the  Point e  des 
Etages  (3,564  m.,  11,693  ft-)  can  be 
best  ascended  in  2§  hrs.  from  the  Col 
by  way  of  the  S.  face  or  W.  ridge,  a 
sharp  rock  ridge  leading  on  from  a 
lower  summit  to  the  culminating 
point.  It  is  the  second  highest  peak 
on  the  ridge  between  the  Chardon  and 
Etages  glens,  all  of  which,  with  this 
exception,  can  be  climbed  from  either 
side.] 

A  traveller  bound  for  A  the  Col  des 
Rouies  should,  from  the  Ane  glacier, 
bear  S.W.,  so  as  to  gain  the  upper 
plateau  of  the  Rouies  glacier,  above 
the  great  icefall  by  which  it  descends 
to  the  Chardon  glacier,  and  then, 
passing  along  the  base  of  the  Sommet 
des  Rouies,  and  bearing  S.E.,  the 
snowy  ridge  of  the  pass  (3,300  m. , 
10,827  ft-)?  justW.  of  a  rocky  mound, 
is  attained  (5^  hrs.  from  La  Berarde). 

[From  the  plateau  of  the  Rouies 
glacier  the  Sommet  des  Rouies 
(3,634  m.,  11,923  ft.)  may  be  reached 
with  ease  by  either  ridge  in  about 
5  hrs.  from  La  Berarde.  It  was  first 
ascended  in  1873  by  Messrs.  Gardiner, 
Cox,  and  W.  M.  Pendlebury,  and  Rev. 
C.  Taylor.  In  the  opinion  of  some 
competent  judges  the  panorama  from 
this  point  ranks  among  the  very  finest 
in  the  whole  of  the  Dauphine  Alps, 
the  view  over  the  ranges  far  away  to 
the  S.  being  extremely  impressive. 
It  can  be  attained  from  La  Lavey 
either  by  way  of  the  Col  of  that  name 
— see  above — or  from  the  Muande 


DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9, 


PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


glacier,  on  the  W.  ;  the  best  route 
thence  is  that  discovered  by  M. 
Reynier  in  1894,  who  from  close  to 
the  Col  de  la  Muande  crossed  the 
Point e  de  la  Muande  (3,319  m. , 
10,890  ft.)  in  1  hr.  20  min.  to  the 
foot  of  the  S.  arete  of  the  Rouies,  by 
which  that  summit  was  attained  in  2J 
hrs.  more.  J 

The  descent  on  the  other  side  of 
the  Col  des  Rouies  lies  down  snow 
slopes  and  a  snow  gully  to  the  lower 
part  of  the  E.  bit  of  the  Grande 
Roche  glacier,  the  E.  bank  of  which 
is  henceforth  followed  down  several 
rocky  steps,  and  then  one  or  other 
bank  of  the  torrent  from  the  glacier  ; 
the  right  bank  of  the  Severaisse  tor- 
rent is  gained  \  hr.  above  Le  Clot 
(1,463  m.,  4,800  ft.),  the  highest 
village  in  the  Yalgaudemar  (2§  hrs. 
from  the  pass). 

£Le  Clot,  which  now  boasts  a 
small  mountain  inn  at  the  hamlet 
of  Le  Plaine,  is  very  good  head- 
quarters for  the  exploration  of  the 
neighbouring  peaks.  Several  have 
been  mentioned  under  1,  2,  and  3, 
above,  while  the  Pic  des  Aupillous — 
with  the  passes  to  the  Yallouise — is 
described  in  Rte.  K.  below,  as  also 
the  principal  summits  of  the  fine,  but 
very  rarely  visited,  Bonvoisin  group 
on  the  E.  Perhaps  the  finest  ascent 
to  be  made  from  Le  Clot  is  that  of 
Sirac  (3,438  m.,  11,280  ft.),  on  the 
S.E.,  a  very  grand  mountain,  the  N. 
precipices  of  which  are  torn  by  count- 
less steep  gullies,  which  give  it  a 
fluted  appearance  ;  it  is  6|  hrs.  from 
Le  Clot,  the  route  being  noticed  in 
some  detail  in  Rte.  M.  1,  in  connec- 
tion with  the  Col  de  Yallonpierre, 
giving  access  from  Le  Clot  to  the 
head  of  the  Drac  valley.  3 

Le  Clot  is  in  a  most  savage  and  wild 
situation,  surpassing  even  that  of  La 
Berarde.  It  is  about  2  hrs.  (mule  path) 
hence  through  very  desolate  scenery, 
and  over  many  stones,  to  La  Chapelle, 
the  principal  village  of  the  valley. 
The  valley  is  remarkable  for  its  nar- 
rowness, and  the  steep  inclination  of 
the  slopes  on  either  side.  Several 


miserable  hamlets  are  passed  on  the 
way,  and  the  stream  is  crossed  once 
beyond  the  fine  waterfall  of  Le  Casset, 
where  the  char  road  (2m.)  begins. 
The  Valgaudemar  or  Severaisse  valley, 
E.  of  Yillard  Loubiere,  forms  the 
commune  of  '  Guillaume  Perouse,' 
while  the  Navettes  glen,  which  opens 
S.  of  La  Chapelle,  forms  that  of 
6  Clemence  d'Ambel.'  These  curious 
names  are  derived  from  Clemence,  a 
15th-century  descendant  of  one  of 
the  coheiresses  (in  the  14th  century) 
of  the  lordship,  and  Guillaume 
Perouse,  the  purchaser  (in  the  16th 
century)  from  the  heirs  of  another, 
and  are  still  in  official  use. 

La  Chapelle  en  Valgaudemar  is 
built  in  a  very  picturesque  position, 
on  the  left  bank  of  the  Severaisse, 
amid  trees,  and  at  the  mouth  of  the 
savage  gorge  on  the  S.  through  which 
thunders  the  Navettes  torrent.  (For 
the  peaks  of  the  Parieres  and  the 
Chaillol  ranges  and  the  passes  over 
them,  see  Rte.  M.  2,  3,  and  4.) 

[N.  of  La  Chapelle  is  the  magnifi- 
cent rock  summit  of  the  Pic  d'Olan 
(3,578  m.,  n,739  ft.),  just  at  the 
point  where  the  S.  wall  of  the  quad- 
rangle formed  by  the  great  ridges  of 
the  Pelvoux  group  bends  from  W.  to 
N.W.  It  has  two  principal  peaks. 
The  more  southerly  of  these  was  first 
conquered  in  1875  by  Mr.  R.  Pendle- 
bury,  while  in  1877  Mr.  Coolidge 
pushed  on  to  the  slightly  higher  N. 
Summit  :  in  both  cases  the  ascent 
was  made  by  a  long  and  difficult 
route  from  La  Chapelle  by  way  of  the 
Clot  glacier,  at  the  S.W.  foot  of  the 
peak,  and  the  great  S.W.  rock  wall, 
a  lower  point  being  traversed  on  the 
way  to  the  S.  Summit  (8-8-J  hrs. 
from  La  Chapelle),  and  the  N.  sum- 
mit gained,  by  a  descent  into  a  deep 
gap,  and  a  reascent,  in  an  hour  more. 
But  this  laborious  route  has  now  been 
superseded  by  two  much  better  ones. 
In  1880  Mr.  Cust  climbed  the  N. 
Summit  from  near  the  Breche  d'Olan 
mainly  by  way  of  the  great  rocky 
N.  ridge  and  its  E.  slope  (3-J  hrs. 
from  the  Col,  or  7  hr    from  the  La 


ROUTE  E.    VfiNEON  VALLEY  TO  THE  VALGAUDEMAR  159 


Lavey  Club  hut).  Finally  in  1 89 1 
Mr.  Alfred  Holmes  struck  out 
another  route  from  the  Olan  glacier, 
at  the  head  of  the  Combe  F?'oide,  S.  E. 
of  the  peak,  climbing  thence  up  the 
rocks  on  the  left  bank  of  the  great 
snow  couloir  (at  the  end  up  the 
couloir  itself),  descending  from  the 
notch  between  the  two  summits  to 
that  notch,  whence  the  1877  route 
was   followed.  hrs.  should  be 

allowed  by  this  route  from  La 
Chapelle  :  from  near  the  upper  end  of 
the  great  couloir  it  is  possible  to 
avoid  the  notch,  and  to  climb  straight 
up  to  the  S.W.  ridge  of  the  N.  Sum- 
mit. The  Olan  is  a  fine  peak  from 
all  sides,  especially  on  the  N.W. , 
from  the  head  of  the  Valjouffrey.  J 

There  is  a  char  road  from  La 
Chapelle  along  the  right  bank  of  the 
Severaisse  to  St.  Firmin  en  Val- 
gaudemar, at  its  entrance  (10  m. ), 
which  is  1 1  m.  from  Corps,  or  4  m. 
from  the  main  road  between  Corps 
and  Gap  (Rte.  P).  On  the  way  down 
from  La  Chapelle  Villard  Loubiere 
(2J  m. )  and  St.  Maurice  (6m.)  are 
passed  ;  from  both  places,  as  also 
from  La  Chapelle,  there  are  passes 
over  to  the  Valjouffrey,  which  are 
noticed  in  Rte.  O. 

4.  By  the  Col  de  la  Muande. — 
Some  distance  higher  up  the  Veneon 
valley  than  St.  Christophe,  and  just 
at  the  point  where  it  bends  from  W. 
to  N.W.,  a  considerable  side  glen 
opens  on  the  S.  This  is  the  La  Lavey 
glen,  the  chalets  in  which  (where 
there  was  formerly  a  small  Club  hut), 
1,780  m.,  5,840  ft.,  may  be  reached 
in  2\  hrs.  from  St.  Christophe,  or  in 
3  hrs.  from  La  Berarde,  the  respec- 
tive paths  descending  from  the  main 
mule  path  in  order  to  cross  the 
Veneon,  and  then  making  a  steep 
ascent  by  the  right  bank  of  the  torrent 
to  the  upper  level  of  the  valley. 

[Besides  the  Pic  d'Olan— 3.  above 
— several  other  peaks  can  most  con- 
veniently be  climbed  from  these 
chalets,  such  as  the  Tete  des  Fetoules 
(3,465  m.,  11,369  ft.),  on  the  E., 
4 \   hrs.,    or   the   Bee   du    Canard  \ 


(3,270  m.,  10.729  ft.),  on  the  W., 
4  hrs.  For  the  Aiguille  d'Olan  and 
the  Aiguille  des  Arias  see  Rte.  F. ,  a 
well  as  for  the  Breche  d'Olan  to  the 
Valjouffrey.  For  the  Col  de  la  Lavey 
to  the  Chardon  glacier,  the  Sommet 
des  Rouies,  and  the  Pointe  des  Etages 
see  3.  above.  3 

The  head  of  the  La  Lavey  glen  is 
closed  by  two  glaciers,  separated  by 
the  N.  ridge  of  the  Cime  du  Vallon, 
and  unexpectedly  extensive.  Over 
that  to  the  S.E.  leads  the  Col  de  la 
Muande,  while  over  that  to  the  S.W. 
lies  the  route  of  the  Col  des  Sellettes 
(5.  below).  For  the  former  the  right 
bank  of  the  torrent  is  mounted  for  an 
hour  to  the  end  of  the  glen,  whence  a 
short  two  hours  up  grass  and  debris 
suffice  to  reach  the  right  bank 
of  the  Muande  glacier.  This  is  then 
mounted  in  a  S.E.  direction  to  the 
natural  gateway  which  forms  the  Col, 
3,059  m.,  10,037  ft.  (if  hr.,  or 
4f  hrs.  from  La  Lavey.)  (For  the 
ascent  of  the  Pointe  de  la  Muande 
(3,319  m.,  10,890  ft.),  on  the  E.,  in 
1  hr.,  and  of  the  Rouies  in  2  hrs. 
50  min.  more,  see  under  3.  above. ) 

A  steep  snow  or  ice  couloir  leads 
down  in  \  hr.  to  the  Lauzon  glacier, 
which  is  quitted  on  its  right  bank. 
Three-quarters  of  an  hour  below  is  a 
shepherd's  hut,  whence  a  rough  path 
brings  the  traveller  in  f  hr.  more  to 
the  hamlet  of  Rif  du  Sap  in  the 
Valgaudemar,  about  1  hr.  above  La 
Chapelle  or  below  Le  Clot,  either 
being  thus  reached  in  3  hrs.  from  the 
pass. 

5.  By  the  Col  des  Sellettes.— This 
is  a  much  more  difficult  pass  than  the 
Muande,  and  in  fact,  so  far  as  regards 
its  N.  side,  one  of  the  most  difficult 
in  Dauphine,  but  in  mere  point  of 
distance  it  is  the  most  direct  from  the 
Veneon  valley  to  La  Chapelle  en 
Valgaudemar.  It  was  first  crossed  by 
Mr.  Coolidge  in  1876.  The  left  bank 
of  the  torrent  is  followed  from  La 
Lavey  up  the  glen,  and  then  by  a 
diagonal  ascent  across  the  stones  on 
the  E.  flank  of  the  Aiguille  d'Olan  the 
plateau  between  the  two  icefalls  of 


i6o  BAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9.  PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


the  Sellettes  glacier  is  attained  (2  hrs. ) 
Leaving  to  the  W.  the  way  to  the  Pic 
and  Breche  d'Olan  (which  mounts  by 
rocks  on  the  left  bank  of  the  glacier 
to  its  upper  plateau),  this  lower 
plateau  is  crossed  to  the  foot  of  the 
final  slope.  Either  the  seracs  must 
be  forced  far  to  the  E.,  or  a  very 
steep  rocky  buttress  climbed  on  the 
W.,  so  as  to  gain  the  gentle  snow 
slopes  by  which  the  pass  (3,200  m., 
10,499  ft. )  is  attained  (4J  hrs.  from 
La  Lavey).  It  is  worth  while  to 
mount  by  the  snowy  ridge  to  the 
Cime  dtt  Vallon,  3,418  m.,  11,214ft. 
(a  good  \  hr. ),  on  the  S.  E. 

A  rocky  barrier  leads  down  to  the 
E.  bit  of  the  Olan  glacier,  below 
which  (1  hr. )  the  right  bank  of  the 
Combe  Froide  is  followed  to  the  shep- 
herd's hut  at  its  junction  with  the 
Combe  du  Clot  (J  hr. ),  I  hr.  above  La 
Chapelle  (2 J  hrs.  from  the  pass). 


Route  F. 

VENEON  VALLEY  TO  THE  VAL- 
JOUFFREY. 

At  the  Pic  d'Olan  the  S.  wall  of 
the  quadrangle  formed  (as  observed 
above)  by  the  main  ridges  of  the 
Pelvoux  group  ceases  to  run  E.  and 
W. ,  and  takes  a  N.W.  direction. 
This  allows  the  long  and  winding 
valley  of  the  Bonne  (or  the  Valjouf- 
frey),  with  its  side  glen  of  the 
Be  range?'  (or  Valsenestre)  to  thrust 
itself  in  between  the  Veneon  and 
Severaisse  (or  Valgaudemar)  valleys, 
a  fact  which  means  that  there  are 
passes  from  the  Veneon  valley  to  the 
two  glens  just  mentioned,  and  it  is 
well  to  devote  a  few  words  to  them, 
since  they  enable  a  traveller  to  gain 
La  Mure  and  the  lower  valley  of  the 
Drac  direct  from  the  Veneon  valley. 

The  Valjonffrey  may  be  gained 
from  St.  Christophe  through  three 
side  glens  of  the  Veneon  valley. 


(a)  From  the  head  of  that  of  La 
Lavey  (described  in  the  last  Rte. )  it 
is  necessary  to  bear  round  the  E. 
base  of  the  Aig.  d'Olan  (3,383  m., 
11,100  ft.)  to  the  upper  and  W. 
plateau  of  the  Sellettes  gl.,  across 
which  is  the  Breche  or  Col  d'Olan, 
2,962  m.3  9,718  ft.  (3|  hrs.  from  La 
Lavey. )  An  easy  descent  down  a 
broad  snow  couloir  leads  into  the 
head  of  the  Bonne  valley,  through 
which  a  wearisome  walk  brings  the 
traveller  to  Le  Desert  (Rte.  O),  in 
3J-4  hrs.  from  the  pass.  From  near 
the  top  of  the  pass  the  N.  and 
highest  summit  of  the  Pic  d'Olan 
(3,578  m.,  11,739  ft. )  maybe  climbed 
by  its  steep  N.  ridge  (many  falling 
stones)  in  3§  hrs.,  while  the  Aiguille 
d'Olan  (3,383  m.,  11,100  ft.),  oppo- 
site, may  be  climbed  by  its  S.  face 
in  about  ij  hr. 

(b)  A  more  direct  route  lies  through 
the  Mariande  glen,  the  entrance  of 
which  is  gained  by  mounting  the  very 
steep  path  opposite  St.  Christophe  to 
the  Alpe  du  Pin,  and  then  rounding 
the  spurs  of  the  Tete  de  Lauranoure. 
The  pass  at  the  very  head  of  the 
glen,  seen  over  the  considerable 
Mariande  gl. ,  is  the  Col  de  la 
Mariande,  above  the  main  Valjouf- 
frey  valley,  but  by  keeping  more  to 
the  S.W.  (finally  nearly  W.)  the  Col 
de  la  Haute  Pisse  may  be  crossed  to 
the  glen  of  that  name.  7J-8  hrs.  are 
required  by  either  route,  each  pass 
being  about  3, 100  m.  (10,171  ft.)  high. 
If  it  is  desired  to  climb  the  Aiguille 
des  Arias,  3,401  m.,  11,159  ft.  (re- 
commended), on  the  way,  it  is  better 
to  cross  the  ridge  by  the  Col  des 

I  Arias,  just  at  the  W.  foot  of  the 
peak,  which  is  thence  attained  in 
2  hrs.  by  means  of  its  S.W.  arete  ; 
the  lower  summit  J  hr.  off,  at  the  N. 
end  of  the  final  ridge,  is  visible  from 
St.  Christophe. 

(c)  Yet  another  glen  is  that  of 
Lanchdtra,  which  joins  the  Veneon 
valley  at  the  N.W.  end  of  the  Plan 
du  Lac.  From  the  stone  bridge  a 
path  mounts  to  the  S.  first  gradually, 
then  steeply  to  the  hamlet  of  Lan- 


ROUTE  F.    VENEON  VALLEY  TO  THE  VALJOUFFREY  161 


chcitra  (2J  hrs.  from  St.  Christophe 
or  Venose),  high  above  the  1.  bank 
of  the  glen,  and  conspicuous  from 
afar.  The  Lanchatra  glen  is  then 
followed  to  its  head,  in  a  due  S. 
direction,  and  over  the  easy  gl. 
the  pass  of  Les  Berches  (3,050  m., 
10,007  ft. );  a  notch  between  two  rocky 
horns,  being  attained  in  4^-5  hrs. 
from  the  hamle:.  (By  hearing  W. 
from  the  head  of  the  glen  over 
another  branch  of  the  gl.  the  E.  foot 
of  the  Roche  de  la  Muzelle  (3,459  m., 
11,349  ft.)  may  be  reached,  and  the 
summit  gained  by  the  N.E.  face  in 
5  \  hrs.  from  Lanchatra.  The  view 
is  magnificent.  It  is  possible  to 
descend  direct  from  the  top  to 
Valsenestre  by  the  S.  E.  arete. ) 
The  descent  down  the  Combe  de  la 
Pisse  is  straightforward,  and  in 
2j  hrs.  the  Bonne  valley  is  reached, 
I  hr.  above  Le  Desert. 

There  are  also  two  passes  which 
lead  from  the  Veneon  valley  into  the 
Valsenestre  branch  of  the  Valjouffrey  ; 
the  best  starting  point  for  both  is 
Venose,  though  the  second  may  also 
be  taken  from  Bourg  d'Oisans. 

1.  Col  de  la  Muzelle.  —  This  pass 
lies  at  the  very  head  of  the  Muzelle 
glen,  which  joins  the  Veneon  valley 
just  opposite  Venose.  The  ascent  to 
the  Muzelle  lake  is  long  and  steep 
(3  hrs.),  thenceforth  more  gentle  over 
shale  and  snow  to  the  pass,  2,500  m., 
8,202  ft.  (ij  hr. )  It  is  certainly  not 
passable  for  mules,  as  has  been  some- 
times stated.  A  very  steep  shale 
slope  leads  down  into  a  black  gorge 
on  the  other  side,  through  which  the 
Beranger  glen  is  reached  in  ij-hr., 
and  the  hamlet  of  Valsenestre  (Rte. 
O)  in  \  hr.  more  ;  thence  it  is  if  hr. 
(3!  m.)  by  char  road  to  La  Chapelle 
en  Valjouffrey.  A  climber  will  prefer 
to  cross  over  the  Pic  du  Clapier  du 
Peyron  (3,172  m.,  10,407  ft.),  going 
up  the  E.  arete  (attained  from  a  point 
a  little  below  the  Col,  on  the  Venose 
side)  and  down  by  the  S.E.  face. 

2.  Breche  de  Valsenestre.  —  The 
Lauvitel  glen  opens  out  into  the 
Veneon   valley   at   Les  Gattckoirs, 

I. 


between  Venose  and  Bourg  d'Oisans. 
The  Lauvitel  lake,  one  of  the  finest  in 
the  Dauphine  Alps  and  famous  for  its 
trout,  some  way  above,  is  reached  in 
2  hrs.  from  Venose  or  2|  hrs.  from 
Bourg  d'Oisans.  The  lake  is  crossed 
on  a  raft,  or  skirted  by  a  track  on  its 
E.  side,  and  then  a  long  ascent  over 
rocks,  and  up  a  small  snow  gully, 
brings  the  traveller  to  the  pass 
(2,634  m.,  8,642  ft.)  in  3I-4  hrs. 
from  the  N.  end  of  the  lake.  (The 
Signal  du  Lauvitel  (2,906  m. , 
9,534  ft.),  on  the  W.  of  the  pass,  can 
be  climbed  on  the  way,  either  direct 
from  the  lake  or  by  gaining  its  S. 
arete  from  the  S.  E. )  A  traverse  to 
the  r.  (avoiding  the  steep  gully 
just  below  the  pass)  brings  the  tra- 
veller to  the  head  of  a  grassy  hollow, 
where  it  is  necessary  to  keep  to  the 
1.  in  order  to  descend  straight- 
down  the  gorge  to  the  village  of 
Valsenestre  (3  hrs.  from  the  pass). 


Route  G. 

BRIANCON    TO  VALLOUISE. 
ASCENT  OF  THE  MONT  PELVOUX. 

In  the  six  preceding  Rtes.  we  have 
described  the  main  valley  of  the  Pel- 
voux  District,  that  of  the  Veneon, 
but  the  Mont  Pelvoux  itself  is  not 
accessible,  nor  even  visible,  from  any 
point  in  that  valley  or  its  immediate 
neighbourhood,  though  of  course  from 
the  ranges  which  enclose  it  the  Pel- 
voux is  a  conspicuous  feature  in  the 
view.  To  approach  that  peak  it  is 
necessary  for  the  traveller  to  make 
his  way  to  the  Vallouise,  a  glen  tra- 
versed by  the  Gyronde  stream,  which 
joins  the  Durance  under  La  Bessee. 
This  valley  occupies  a  unique  topo- 
graphical position.  It  is,  in  the  first 
place,  the  only  considerable  valley  of 
the  main  Pelvoux  group  which  opens 
on  its  E.  flank.  It  is  further  made 
up  of  two  chief  branches,  those  of  the 

M 


162  DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9.   PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


Gyr  on  the  N. ,  and  of  the  Onde  or  I 
Bans  on  the  W.  (uniting  at  the  prin- 
cipal village),  which  are  again  split 
up  into  a  number  of  side  glens.  The 
more  northerly  (that  of  St.  Pierre)  of 
these  two  branches  is  the  more  re- 
markable, for  not  only,  as  might  be 
expected,  do  passes  lead  through  it 
to  the  Veneon  valley  (Rte.  D),  but 
also  to  La  Grave  on  the  W.  side,  and 
to  Monetier  on  the  E.  side  of  the  Col 
du  Lautaret  ;  the  reason  is  that  from 
the  Roche  Faurio,  on  the  main 
watershed,  a  great  ridge  runs  N.E., 
then  S.E.,  while  from  one  of  the 
highest  points  on  it,  the  Montague 
des  Agneatix,  a  spur  runs  due  N. 
through  the  Com  bey  not  group  to  the 
summit  level  of  the  Col  du  Lautaret. 
In  this  way  a  great  number  of  passes 
lead  from  the  Vallouise  to  the 
Romanche  valley,  both  indirectly 
through  the  Veneon  valley,  and 
directly  past  the  head  waters  of  the 
Romanche  itself,  while  others  give 
access  to  that  of  the  Guisane  (Rtes. 
D,  H,  and  I).  If  now  we  turn  our 
attention  to  the  more  westerly 
(that  of  the  Onde  or  Bans)  of  the  two 
principal  branches  of  the  Gyronde 
we  find  that  by  it  not  merely  can  the 
Valgaudemar ,  its  natural  continua- 
tion on  the  W.,  be  attained,  but 
also  through  various  side  glens  the 
head  waters  of  the  Drac  itself  (Rtes. 
K  and  L),  which  ultimately  receives 
the  stream  flowing  from  the  Valgaude- 
mar.  The  Vallouise  is  thus  most  im- 
portant from  a  topographical  point  of 
view,  but,  as  its  chief  hamlet,  Ville 
'  Vallouise,  lies  low  (1,150  m.,  3,773 
ft. ),  any  ascents  made  direct  from  it 
are  long  and  laborious,  so  that  it  will 
be  visited  mainly  by  those  travellers 
who  reach  it  by  some  pass.  The  new 
inn  at  Ailefroi&e  (2  hrs.  higher)  is 
destined  to  become  the  principal 
resort  of  travellers  in  this  neighbour- 
hood, at  any  rate  of  those  desirous  of 
exploring  the  N.  branch  of  the 
valley. 

Vallouise  is  best  reached  by  a  char 
road  (picturesque  in  parts)  of  6  m. 
from  the  L'Argentiere-La  Bessee  sta- 


tion of  the  Briancon  and  Grenoble 
railway  (Rte.  Q),  which  is  8  m.  below 
Briancon  and   9   m.   above  Mont- 
dauphin-Guillestre,  so  that  this  valley 
is  very  easily  attained  by  a  traveller 
coming  from  the  Viso  district  through 
the  Queyras  (§  4.  Rte.  B).    The  road 
winds  round  a  projecting  spur  past 
Les  Vigneaux,  in  order  to  gain  the 
wooded  level  of  the  valley,  backed 
by  the  imposing  mass  of  the  Pelvoux. 
The  left  bank  of  the  Gyronde  is  fol- 
lowed, till  it  is  crossed  to  enter  the 
main  village  of  Ville  Vallouise  ( 1, 150 
m-j  3?773  ft-)    There  is  here  a  fine 
parish  church  of  the  early  fifteenth 
century,  with  a  very  remarkable  and 
striking  porch  of  the  sixteenth  cen- 
tury.   But  otherwise  the  village  is 
composed    of  poor   and  miserable 
houses.    In  the    Middle   Ages  the 
valley  was  named  '  Vallis  Puta '  (or 
the  infected  valley),  because  it  was 
inhabited  mainly  by  heretical  Wal- 
densians.    Many  attempts  were  made 
by  the  Pope  to  convert  them,  and  in 
the  fifteenrh  century  a  number  of 
bloody  persecutions  took  place  here. 
In  1478  the  valley  received  its  present 
name  from  Louis  XL,  who  took  the 
inhabitants  under  his  protection,  but 
it  had  largely  to  be  repeopled,  and 
the  present  dwellers  are  a  stunted 
race,  much  subject  to  the  goitre.  For 
the  reason  given  above  there  are  few 
climbs  which  can    conveniently  be 
made  direct  from  Vallouise,  most  of 
the  neighbouring  summits  being  best 
attained  by  way  of  the  various  passes 
leading  from  the  valley.    With  the 
single  exception  of  the  Mont  Pelvoux, 
the  Point e  de  PAigliere  (3,325  m., 
10,909  ft.),  to  the  S.W.,  is  the  expe- 
dition most  to  be  recommended  from 
Vallouise  itself.    It  is  accessible  in 
little  more  than  5  hrs.  by  way  of  the 
pretty  Narreyroux  glen,  and  then  the 
N.E.  arete  and  S.E.  face,  or  S.W. 
arete,  no  difficulty  being  encountered, 
although  there  are  many  stones  at  the 
end  of  that  glen.     It  is  a  very  fine 
belvedere. 

But  the  main  object  of  a  moun- 
taineer who  finds  his  way  to  Vallouise 


ROUTE  G.    ASCENT  OF 


THE  MONT  PELVOUX  163 


is  the  ascent  of  the  Mont  Pelvoux, 

the  best  known  peak,  though  but 
the  third  (possibly  only  the  fourth) 
in  height,  of  the  Dauphine  Alps.  Its 
summit  consists  of  a  snow  basin,  with 
the  edges  irregularly  chipped,  and 
one  side  (the  S. )  quite  broken  away  ; 
on  its  rim  rise  the  various  points 
which  together  form  the  Mont  Pel- 
voux,  while  the  basin  itself  is  sup- 
ported upon  a  conical  and  very  lofty 
pedestal  of  rock,  which  presents  a 
magnificent  sight  from  all  sides. 
From  this  basin  glacier  tongues  de- 
scend in  different  directions,  but  in 
these  pages  we  may  pass  over  that 
to  the  E.,  as  well  as  the  precipitous 
N.W.  wall,  by  both  of  which  daring 
climbers  have  forced  their  way  to  the 
summit.  The  usual  route  lies  up  the 
S.  slope  of  the  mountain,  while  there 
is  another  route  by  the  W.  slope,  and 
these  alone  need  here  engage  our 
attention.  The  uppermost  basin  was 
first  attained  as  far  back  as  1830  by 
Captain  Durand,  who  spent  two 
nights  there,  but  does  not  seem  to 
have  gone  from  the  rock-crowned 
Pyramide  (3,938  m.,  12,920  ft.)  to 
the  snowy  and  rather  higher  Point e 
Puiseux  (3,954  m.,  12,973  ft.),  a 
little  to  the  S.W.  The  latter  point 
was  attained  in  1848  by  M.  Victor 
Puiseux,  and  is  that  ascended  in  1861 
by  Messrs.  Whymper  and  Macdonald, 
whose  ascent  first  made  known  this 
fine  mountain,  which  up  to  that  time 
had  been  wrapped  in  mystery.  In 
1862  Mr.  F.  F.  Tuckett  discovered 
the  true  route  to  the  summit,  while 
in  1 88 1  Mr.  Coolidge  effected  a  new 
and  generally  easy  route  from  the  W. 
It  may  suffice  to  simply  mention  Dr. 
Passavant's  ascent  in  1882  from  the 
E.,  and  that  of  Mr.  Swan  in  1 891 
from  the  N.W.,  the  last-named  ex- 
pedition being  one  of  the  most  splen- 
did achievements  of  modern  moun- 
taineers. The  night  before  the  ascent 
is  generally  spent  in  the  Club  hut, 
known  as  the  Refuge  de  Provence  or 
Lemercier  (2,724m.,  8,937  ft.),  which 
is  i^hr.  from  the  old  Refuge  Puiseux, 
on  the  route  of  the  Col  du  Sele  (see 


Rte.  D.  3),  the  latter  being  3 \  hrs.  from 
Valloaise  past  Les  Claux,  and  up  the 
Celse  Niere  glen.  Mr.  Tuckett's  route, 
w7hich  is  by  far  the  shortest  and  best, 
mounts  direct  N.  by  the  rocks  E.  of 
the  little  Clot  de  V Homme  glacier, 
high  up  on  the  left  bank  of  which  a 
snow  gully  gives  access  to  the  upper 
basin ;  crossing  this  either  of  the 
chief  summits  is  attained  in  3  hrs. 
or  less  from  the  Club  hut.  The 
old  route  (that  of  1861)  from  the 
Refuge  crosses  (not  always  easy)  to 
the  right  or  W.  bank  of  the  small 
glacier  named,  and  then  mounts  the 
long  and  wearisome  steep  rocks 
known  as  the  Rockers  Rouges  :  this 
way  is  often  preferred  by  the  local 
guides,  but  is  nearly  an  hour  longer 
than  that  just  described.  When  there 
is  much  snow  on  the  rocks  it  is  better 
to  cross  to  the  right  bank  of  the 
glacier,  as  stated,  and  then  to  bear 
round  in  a  W.  direction  to  the  edge 
of  the  Sans  Nom  glacier,  some  way 
up  which  a  great  snow  wall  on  the 
E.  gives  access  to  the  upper  basin, 
reached  close  to  the  Pointe  Puiseux., 
which  may  thus  be  attained  under 
favourable  conditions  in  3J  hrs.  from 
the  Club  hut. 

[From  that  glacier  the  Pic  Sans  Nom 
(3,915  m.,  12,845  ft.)  can  be  climbed 
by  the  rocky  S.E.  face  and  W.  arete 
in  4J  hrs.  from  the  Refuge,  while  by 
a  further  traverse  to  the  W.  the  Petit 
Pic  Sans  Nom  (3,588  m.,  11,772  ft.) 
may  be  reached,  mainly  by  its  N.E. 
ridge,  in  5|  hrs.  from  the  Club  hut.  J 

The  prospect  from  the  Pelvoux  is 
very  extensive  and  magnificent.  One 
of  its  chief  features  is  the  wonderful 
sight  of  the  S.  wall  of  the  Ecrins, 
seen  across  the  deep  hollow  of  the 
Glacier  Noir.  The  Mediterranean 
is  certainly  not  seen  from  the  sum- 
mit. 

Besides  the  two  principal  summits, 
there  are  aJso  the  Trots  Dents,  and 
the  Petit  Pelvoux  (3,762  m.,  12,343 
ft.),  both  S.E.  of  the  Pyramide.  It 
is  easy,  and  a  very  pleasant  excursion, 
to  climb  all  four  on  the  same  day, 
which  makes  a  splendid  high-level 
M  2 


x64  DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9, 


PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


route.  It  is  best  to  first  reach  the 
Pointe  Puiseux,  and  then  to  follow 
the  ridge  towards  the  E. ,  as  the  Petit 
Pelvoux  is  just  E.  of  the  snow  gully 
by  which  the  ascent  to  the  upper 
basin  is  best  made  from  the  Provence 
Club  hut.  1  J-  hr.  or  less  should 
suffice  for  the  round  from  and  back  to 
the  point  at  which  the  upper  snow 
basin  is  attained  by  Mr.  Tuckett's 
route. 


Route  H. 

VALLOUISE  TO  LA  GRAVE. 

It  was  pointed  out  in  the  last  Rte. 
that,  owing  to  the  great  spur  which 
runs  eastwards  from  the  Roche  Faurio, 
on  the  main  watershed,  and  a  ridge 
which  parts  off  in  a  N.  direction  to 
the  Col  du  Lautaret,  there  are  direct 
passes  from  the  Vallouise  both  to  La 
Grave  and  Monetier,  on  either  side  of 
the  Col  du  Lautaret.  They  all  lead 
naturally  through  the  N.  branch  of  the 
Vallouise,  the  routes  thither  being,  for 
a  longer  or  shorter  distance,  identical 
with  those  of  some  of  the  passes  to  La 
Berarde  (Rte.  D).  In  this  Rte.  it  is 
proposed  to  notice  the  direct  passes 
to  La  Grave,  the  less  important,  as 
well  as  lower,  routes  to  Monetier 
being  described  in  the  following  Rte. 

In  the  case  of  all  three  of  those 
leading  to  La  Grave  the  best  starting 
point  is  the  Tuckett  Club  hut  (Rte. 
D.  1),  2,504  Hi.,  8,216  ft.,  5  hrs. 
above  Vallouise. 

Of  the  three  passes  to  La  Grave 
which  lead  from  the  upper  snows  of 
the  Glacier  Blanc,  one  only,  the  Col 
Emile  Fie,  is  of  practical  interest  to 
travellers,  though  it  is  the  most  re- 
cently discovered.  The  oldest  pass, 
the  Col  du  Glacier  Blanc  (3,308  m., 
10,854  ft.),  first  achieved  by  Mr. 
Tuckett  in  1862,  though  perfectly 
easy  (as  are  the  two  others)  on  the 
Glacier  Blanc  side,  is  defended  on  the 


La  Grave  side  by  a  high  and  steep 
wall  of  shattered  rocks,  which  offers 
considerable  difficulties ;  it  leads  to 
the  short  but  broad  Arsine  glacier, 
which  is  one  of  the  veiy  few  glaciers 
in  the  Alps  which  send  streams  to 
two  distinct  rivers,  as  it  overlaps  the 
nearly  level  summit  of  the  Col 
d' Arsine,  between  the  Romanche  and 
Guisane  rivers.  7  hrs.  are  required 
by  this  pass  from  the  Club  hut  to  the 
little  mountain  inn  at  Alpe,  but  the 
descent  of  the  wall,  like  the  descent 
of  the  couloir  in  the  case  of  the  next 
pass,  is  far  harder  than  its  ascent. 
Far  to  the  S.  W.  of  this  pass,  and  just 
N.E.  of  the  Roche  Faurio  (3,716  m., 
12,192  ft.),  is  the  Col  de  la  Roche 
Faurio  (3,470  m.,  11,385  ft.),  first 
crossed  in  1874  by  Messrs.  R.  Pendle- 
bury  and  C.  Taylor.  On  the  La 
Grave  side  there  is  a  long,  steep,  and 
dangerous  couloir  of  ice  or  snow,  the 
rocks  on  the  left  side  of  which  must 
be  followed,  after  the  highest  steep 
ice  slope  has  been  passed.  But  this 
couloir  prevents  the  pass  from  being 
fit  for  any  but  a  few  climbers,  and 
hence  it  is  of  little  practical  use.  It 
has  a  frozen  lake  on  the  summit,  and 
from  it  the  Roche  Faurio  may  be 
climbed  in  1  \  hr. ,  or  rather  more  by 
way  of  the  Glacier  Blanc  and  the  E. 
arete.  It  is  one  of  the  most  favour- 
able points  whence  to  study  the  N. 
face  of  the  Ecrins. 

The  Col  Emile  Pic  (3,502  m., 
11,490  ft.),  just  S.W.  of  the  Pic  de 
Neige  Cordier  (3,615  m.,  11,861  ft. ), 
was  discovered  and  crossed  in  1877, 
the  name  given  to  it  being  that  of  the 
leading  guide  on  the  occasion  of  the 
first  passage.  It  is  the  true  route 
from  Vallouise  to  La  Grave.  From 
the  Club  hut  the  upper  snows  of  the 
Glacier  Blanc  are  gained  by  the  Col 
des  Ecrins  route  (Rte.  D.  1),  and  then 
a  short  ascent  to  the  N.W.  up  snow 
slopes  and  a  small  rocky  barrier 
brings  the  traveller  to  the  pass  in  an 
easy  3  hrs.  from  the  Club  hut.  It  is 
the  /^/?-hand  one  of  two  depressions. 

The  rather  limited  view  from  the 
Col  itself  may  be  greatly  extended  by 


ROUTE  I.    VALLOUISE  TO  MONETIER 


mounting  in  J  hr.  by  snow  slopes  and  | 
a  rock  ridge  past  a  first  summit  to  the 
highest  point  of  the  Pic  de  Neige 
Cerdier,  which  is  one  of  the  best 
view-points  in  the  Dauphine  Alps.. 
No  one  crossing  the  pass  in  fine 
weather  should  neglect  to  make  this 
slight  detour. 

On  the  other  side  of  the  pass  the 
Agneaux    glacier    descends  rather 
steeply  towards  the  infant  Romanche.  | 
But  there  is  no  real  difficulty,  as  a 
rule,  in  passing  this  glacier,  the  lower 
portion  of  which  is  avoided  by  easy 
rocks  on  its  right  bank.  In  this  way  the  1 
level  of  the  Lower  Plate  des  Agneaux  j 
glacier  (see  Rte.  C.  5)  is  attained  in 
2  hrs.  or  so  from  the  pass,  and  thence 
the  route  of  the  Col  de  la  Casse 
Deserte  (Rte.  C.  5)  followed  to  the 
mountain  inn  at  Alpe  ( 1  \  hr. )  6 \  hrs. 
thus   suffice   for   this   pass,  which, 
though  high,  is  one  of  the  easiest  in  ! 
the  district. 


Route  I. 

VALLOUISE  TO  MONETIER. 

In  this  Rte.  we  have  to  consider 
the  S.E.  half  of  the  great  spur  running 
eastwards  from  the   Roche  Faurio. 
None  of  the  three  passes  to  be  noticed  ! 
offers  any  real  difficulties,  the  third, 
indeed,  being  traversed  by  a  mule 
path,  and  being  the  usual  way  from  j 
Vallouise   to    the    Guisane  valley. 
Mountaineers   are    strongly  recom- 
mended to  select  the  Col  Tuckett,  ! 
combining  it  with  the  ascent  of  the  j 
Montagne  des  Agneaux,  a  most  splen- 
did belvedere. 

1.  By  the  Col  Tuckett.— From  the 
Tuckett  Club  hut  a  great  hump  of  ! 
moraine  on  the  N.E.  is  gained  in  I 
f  hr.  Leaving  on  the  right  the  way 
to  the  Col  Jean  Gauthier  (practically 
a  variation  of  our  pass),  it  is  then 
necessary  to  climb  up  the  E.  slope  of 
the  steep  but  good  rocks  which  sup-  I 


port  on  the  E.  the  glacier  flowing 
from  our  pass.  The  icefall  is  thus 
turned,  and  then  the  easy  upper  snow 
slopes  give  access  to  the  pass,  3,500m., 
11,483  ft.  (3jhrs.  from  the  Club  hut), 
which  is  a  rocky  ridge,  and  was  first 
traversed  in  1879  by  Messrs.  F. 
Gardiner  and  L.  Pilkington. 

fit  is  close  under  the  Montagne  des 
Agneaux  (3,660  m. ,  12,008  ft. )  on  the 
N.  W. ,  and  this  summit  can  be  attained 
in  J  hr.  from  the  pass  by  its  rocky  N.  E. 
face.  It  commands  a  most  extensive 
and  magnificent  view,  which  includes 
Mont  Blanc  and  Monte  Rosa,  with 
Villard  d'Arene,  and  Monetier,  as 
well  as  Puy  St.  Vincent,  near  Val- 
louise. It  was  first  climbed  in  1873 
by  Mr.  Coolidge,  who  took  5f  hrs. 
from  the  Alpe  chalets,  by  way  of  the 
Arsine  glacier,  and  a  great  W.  but- 
tress of  the  N.  ridge,  two  lower  sum- 
mits being  traversed.  This  route 
might  well  be  reversed — 3J  hrs. — by 
a  mountaineer  who  is  bound  from  the 
Club  hut  to  Alpe.  J 

The  descent  is  simple  and  straight- 
forward. It  is  best  to  pass  to  the 
right  of  a  rocky  promontory  in  the 
Monetier  glacier,  which  is  quitted  in  1 
hr.  on  its  left  bank.  Thence  the  Tabuc 
glen  is  followed,  at  first  on  its  left, 
then  on  its  right,  side  to  Monetier, 
which  is  reached  in  3J  hrs.  from  the 
pass.  The  whole  expedition  is  one 
of  the  pieasantest  and  most  delightful 
in  the  district. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  Segaret  For  an. 
— This  is  a  dull  and  tiresome  pass  on 
the  whole,  but  enables  the  traveller  to 
gain  some  idea  of  the  considerable 
Seguret  Foran  snow-fields,  from  the 
highest  point  of  which  there  is  an 
interesting  view. 

The  start  is  made  from  the  Cezanjie 
Club  hut,  3^  hrs.  from  Vallouise,  on  the 
Pre  de  Madame  Carle  (Rte.  D.  1 ).  The 
path  back  towards  Vallouise  must  be 
followed  for  a  few  minutes  till  the 
stream  is  crossed,  and  then  a  most 
wearisome  and  fatiguing  climb  up  the 
shifting  stones,  and  debris,  in  the  long 
and  rather  steep  Rif  ravine,  which 
ends  in  a  snow  gully,  leads  up  to  the 


i66 


DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9. 


PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


pass,  3,336  m.,  10,945  ft.  (5  hrs. 
from  the  Club  hut),  on  which  there  is 
a  small  glacier  lake.  The  French 
Government  map  is  wrong  in  these 
regions,  so  that  the  most  recent  edition 
of  M.  Duhamel's  maps  should  be 
carefully  studied,  as  there  are  several 
ravines,  and  none  is  better  than  the  Rif. 

[The  pass  is  level  with  the  snows 
of  the  great  Seguret  Foran  glacier, 
and  from  the  Col  40  min.  suffice  to 
mount  gently  by  snow  slopes  on  the 
S.E.  over  the  Pic  du  Rif  (3,480  m., 
11,418  ft.)  to  the  Pic  des  Areas 
(3,486  m.,  11,438  ft.),  the  culminat- 
ing point  of  the  group.  It  was  first 
reached  in  1878  by  Messrs.  F.  Gar- 
diner, and  C.  and  L.  Pilkington,  and 
commands  an  unexpectedly  wide 
view,  which  ranges  from  the  Dia- 
blerets  to  the  Maritime  Alps.  The 
Pelvoux,  opposite,  is  especially  fine.] 

By  bearing  across  the  Seguret 
Foran  glacier  in  a  S.E.  direction  it 
is  perfectly  easy  to  cross  the  Breche 
Gardiner  (N.E.  and  20  min.  distant 
is  the  Pic  Gardiner,  3,400  m., 
11,155  ft.,  which  forms  a  glorious 
sight  from  near  Monetier),  and  so 
gain  the  path  over  the  Col  de 
1'Eychauda  (see  below).  But  if 
bound  for  Monetier  direct  the  tra- 
veller should  bear  far  to  the  JV.E., 
and  descend  by  the  right  bank  of 
the  Eychanda  glacier  to  the  famous 
glacier  lake  of  Eychauda  at  its  foot 
(i-|  hr.  from  the  pass).  Hence 
Monetier  is  reached  by  descend- 
ing the  ravine  to  the  green  plain 
on  the  Col  de  1'Eychauda  track,  or 
else  by  crossing  the  ridge  N.  of 
the  lake  to  the  Tabuc  glen,  in  order 
to  join  the  route  from  the  Col 
Tuckett. 

3.  By  the  Col  de  1'Eycfrauda. — 
This  Col  is  by  far  the  easiest  and 
shortest  way  from  Vallouise  to  any 
point  on  the  Lautaret  road,  and  is 
traversed  by  a  fair  mule  path.  There 
is  a  char  road  (3  m.)  from  Ville 
Vallouise  up  the  main  valley  as  far  as 
the  hamlet  of  Les  Claux  (f  hr. ),  at  the 
foot  of  the  marvellous  precipices  of 
the  Pelvoux.    The  mule  track  then 


mounts  due  N.  to  a  green  plain,  at 
the  further  end  of  which  are  the 
Chambran  huts  ( 1  \  hr. )  On  the 
way  up  the  botanist  may  gather 
Eryngium  alpinum.  The  ascent 
continues  steeply  in  a  slightly  N.E. 
direction,  keeping  to  the  right  of  some 
precipitous  rocks  that  appear  to  bar 
the  passage.  Above  this  step  the 
traveller  reaches  a  marshy  basin,  at 
the  N.E.  end  of  which  is  the  pass 
(2,429  m.,  7,970  ft.),  \\  hr.  from 
Chambran,  or  3J  hrs.  from  Val- 
louise. It  is  at  the  S.W.  foot  of  the 
Croix  de  la  Cucumelle  (2,703  m., 
8,868  ft. ),  which  may  be  easily  reached 
hence,  and  commands  a  fine  view. 

Now  that  there  is  an  inn  at  Aile- 
froide  it  may  be  useful  to  note  that 
from  that  spot  there  is  a  rough  track 
which  winds  round  the  flank  of  the 
Peyron  des  Clanx  to  a  point  above 
the  first  huts  on  the  green  plain 
described  above. 

[From  the  marshy  plain  several 
low  and  easy  passes  lead  over  in 
about  3  hrs.  to  various  villages  not  far 
from  Briancon.J 

The  mule  path  runs  down  the  Cor- 
varia  glen,  and  by  forests  and 
meadows  gradually  descends  to  the 
Guisane^  which  is  crossed  just  before 
entering  Monetier  (1  hr.  from  the 
Col). 


Route  K. 

VALLOUISE  TO  THE  VALGAUDEMAR. 

The  Valgaudemar  forms,  as  has 
already  been  stated,  the  natural  con- 
tinuation to  the  W.  of  the  W.  branch 
of  the  Vallouise,  and  is  therefore 
reached  by  passes  through  the  latter. 
The  Col  du  Sellar,  indeed,  at  the 
extreme  W.  head  of  the  Bans  glen, 
or  W.  branch  of  the  Vallouise,  is  a 
gateway  which  has  been  long  known 
to  the  natives,  though  it  would  appear 
that  the  first  foreign  traveller  to  cross 


ROUTE  K.    VALLOUISE  TO  THE  VALGAUDEMAR  167 


it  was  the  late  Principal  Forbes,  in 
1 84 1.  A  more  recently  discovered 
route  leads  more  to  the  S.  over  the 
Col  du  Loup  du  Valgaudemar,  which 
has  the  advantage  of  enabling  a 
traveller  to  see  something  of  the  very 
interesting  and  little  known  Bonvoisin 
group. 

1.  By  the  Col  du  Sellar.— On 
leaving  Ville  Vallouise  the  hamlet  of 
Villard  is  passed,  and  then  the  new 
military  road  followed  along  the  left 
bank  of  the  Bans  torrent  up  a  stony 
glen,  which  occasionally  becomes  pictu- 
resque, with  views  of  the  high  peaks 
at  its  head,  and  the  Col  always 
visible.  In  about  2  hrs.  the  chalets 
of  Entraigues  (1,610  m. ,  5,282  ft.) 
are  attained.  They  stand  at  the 
junction,  with  the  main  valley  of  the 
Selle  glen  on  the  S.W.,  through 
which,  besides  the  Col  to  be  described 
under  2,  other  passes  lead  over  to  the 
head  of  the  Drac  valley,  and  to  the 
Fournel  glen  (Rte.  L.  a).  These 
huts  afford  the  best  night  quarters  in 
the  Bans  glen,  particularly  for  the 
ascent  of  Les  Bans,  or  of  any  of  the 
peaks  on  the  Bceufs  Rouges  range, 
which  separates  this  glen  from  that 
of  Celse  Niere  on  the  N.  (Rte.  D.  4. ) 
The  main  valley  is  mounted  from 
Entraigues,  always  along  the  left  bank 
of  the  torrent,  to  a  small  plain  at  the 
foot  of  the  Sellar  glacier  ( I  \  hr. ) 

[Here  parts  off  the  route  to  the 
Col  de  la  Pilatte,  to  La  Berarde,  as 
well  as  that  for  the  ascent  of  Les 
Bans  (3,651  m.,  11,979  ft.)  by  its 
S.  arete,  a  climb  which  takes  about 
6  hrs.  from  the  Bans  glacier — see 
Rte.  D.  4.3 

From  this  little  plain  it  is  possible 
to  mount  by  the  precipitous  granitic 
rocks,  seamed  with  veins  of  green 
felspar,  on  the  left  bank  of  the  glacier 
to  its  upper  basin,  but  it  is  generally 
better  to  climb  those  on  the  right 
bank,  and  then  to  cut  up  the  not  very 
difficult  seracs,  or  cross  under  them, 
and  climb  the  rocks  on  the  left  bank. 
Either  way  requires  about  hrs., 
and  then  f-  hr.  more  suffices  to  gain 
the  shattered   granite  ridge  of  the 


pass  (3,067  m.,  10,063  ft-)»  at  tne 
extreme  N.W.  or  S.W.  comers  of 
the  glacier  (6J  hrs.  from  Vallouise). 

I  [The  view  is  mainly  confined  to  the 
two  valleys  on  either  side  of  the  pass, 
but  may  be  much  extended  by  ascend- 
ing the  Pic  des  Aupillous  (3,506  m., 

I    11, 503  ft. ),  on  the  N. ,  in  about  3  hrs. , 

J  either  by  following  from  the  upper 
plateau  of  the  Aupillous  glacier  the 

:  S.  arete,  or  a  spur  till  it  joins  that 
arete,  or  (easier)  by  the  great  snow 
couloir  in  the  S.W.  face,  starting 
from  the  lower  plateau  of  the  same 
glacier.  The  very  grand  Pic  Bon- 
voisin  (3,560  m.,  11,680  ft.),  on  the 
S.  of  the  Col,  has  hitherto  been  only 
reached  from  the  S.  (see  2.  below).  J 
A  rocky  barrier  leads  from  the 
pass  to  the  upper  plateau  of  the 
Aupillous  glacier,  and  a  second  but 
shorter  one  to  the  lower  plateau. 
The  glacier  is  quitted  in  \  hr.  on  its 
right  bank,  and  1  hr.  more  down 
stones  and  pastures  suffices  to  gain 
the  edge  of  the  rock  wall  overlooking 
the  Vallonpierre  glen,  down  which 
a  track  leads,  the  highest  hamlet  in 
the  Valgaudemar,  Le  Clot,  being 
reached  in  about  2  hrs.  from  the 
pass.  Thence  it  is  nearly  2  hrs.  more 
down  that  valley  (Rte.  E.  3)  to  the 
principal  valley,  La  Chapelle.  There 
is  no  real  difficulty  in  this  pass,  which 
is,  however,  rather  long  and  mono- 
tonous. 

2.  By  the  Col  du  Loup  du  Valgaude- 
mar.— This  is  a  rarely  traversed  pass, 
and  is  rather  longer  than  the  Col  du 
Sellar,  but  leads  through  a  very 
curious  and  remarkable  region,  first 
explored  by  Messrs.  F.  Gardiner  and 

I  L.  Pilkington,  in  1879.  From 
Entraigues  the  left  side  of  the  Selle 
glen  is  mounted  by  the  new  military 
road  to  a  shepherd's  hut  [t\  hr. ) 
Here  the  way  to   the    Drac  valley 

■   and  the  Fournel  glen  (Rte.   L.  a) 

I   is  left,  and  a  glen  opening  just  W. 

I  of  the  hut  ascended.  A  rocky 
barrier  leads  up  to  a  glacier,  at  the 
extreme  N.  W.  corner  of  which  is  the 
pass  (3,112  m. ,  10,210  ft.),  about 

1   4  hrs.  from  the  hut,  or  7 \  hrs.  from 


1 68  DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9.   PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


Vallouise.  Care  should  be  taken  to 
strike  the  ridge  N.  of  the  lowest  de- 
pression, the  great  snow  corniche 
which  defends  the  pass  being  turned 
on  the  N. 

[From  the  glacier  just  below  the 
pass  on  the  W.  side  the  Pic  B021- 
voisin  (3,560  m.,  11.6S0  ft.)  may  be 
climbed  in  2§  hrs.  by  ascending  a 
steep  buttress  of  reddish  rock,  which 
divides  the  two  arms  of  the  Bonvoisin 
glacier  S.  of  the  peak,  and  then  by 
that  glacier  and  the  great  couloir  in 
the  rocks  of  the  S.  face  of  the  peak. 
It  commands  a  very  extensive  view, 
which  includes  even  the  tip  of  the 
spire  of  the  church  at  Vallouise.  The 
Pic  Jocelme  ( 3, 507  m.  ,11, 506  ft. ),  W. 
of  the  Bonvoisin,  may  be  gained  from 
the  Bonvoisin  glacier  by  the  snowy 
S.  shoulder  of  the  peak,  overlooking 
that  glacier,  while  it  is  easy  to 
descend  thence  direct  to  Le  Clot  by 
the  S.  face  of  the  great  W.  arete.  J 

The  glacier  on  the  W.  side  of  the 
pass  is  quitted  in  20  min.  after  de- 
scending a  rocky  barrier  on  the 
•right  where  the  ice  stream  narrows, 
and  then  stones  and  stony  pastures 
lead  down  to  a  stony  basin  in  f  hr. 
more. 

[Here  on  the  S.  is  seen  the  ere- 
vassed  glacier  flowing  from  the  Col  de 
Verdantie^  which  gives  access  to  the 
head  of  the  Drac  valley.  The  main 
interest  of  the  pass,  accessible  in 
3  hrs.  from  the  stony  basin,  is  that 
from  it  the  striking  summit  of  the 
Pic  de  Verdonne (3, 324  m. ,  10,906  ft.  >, 
on  its  N.  E. ,  may  be  climbed  in  1  hr. 
by  the  S.W.  arete  and  N.W.  face. 
From  it,  as  from  the  Bonvoisin,  the 
view  of  Sirac,  to  the  S.W.,  is  very 
grand.  3 

Le  Clot  is  reached  in  if- if  hr. 
from  the  stony  basin,  either  by  always 
following  the  right  bank  of  the  stream 
or  by  crossing  to  its  left  bank,  and 
then  joining  the  track  from  the  Col 
de  Vallonpierre  (Rte.  M.  1),  which 
crosses  by  a  stone  bridge  to  the  right 
bank,  20  min.  before  entering  Le 
Clot. 


Route  L. 

VALLOUISE  TO  GAP  OR  EMBRUN  BY 
CKAMPOLEON  OR  ORCIERES. 

In  the  preceding  Routes  we  have 
described  the   passes   leading  from 
the  Vallouise  in  many  directions,  and 
must  now  complete  this  description  by 
a  notice  of  a  very  rarely  visited  district, 
through  which  it  is  easy  to  go  in  two 
or  three  days  to  Gap  or  to  Embrun  by 
the  head  waters  of  the  Drac.  Roughly 
speaking  this  region  lies  between  the 
Valgaudemar   on  the   N.    and  the 
railway  from  Briancon  to  Gap  on  the 
E.  and  S.    Its  highest  summits  are 
the  Pic  Felix  Neff  (3,222  m.,  10,571 
ft.),    and    the    Tete    de  Vautisse 
(3,162  m.,  10,375  ft.),  in  the  Freissi- 
\   nieres  or  Biaisse  valley.    A  traveller 
I  who  relishes  rambles  in  unfrequented 
parts  of  the  Alps  will  find  much  to 
j  interest   him   there,    while   with  a 
;  single  exception  (the  Col  de  Rognons, 
j  between   the   Freissinieres  and  the 
j   upper  Drac  valleys)  the  passes  offer 
i  no  difficulties,  though  they  are  stony 
!   (mainly  Eocene   rocks),  as   is  the 
;   district  in  general.    It  is  most  con- 
j  venient  to  describe  first  the  direct 
route  from  Vallouise  to  Gap,  and  then 
i   the  various  other  ways  by  which  from 
Orcieres  the  valley  of  the  Durance 
can  be  gained  at  or  near  Embrun. 

A  glance  at  the  map  will  show 
that  S.  of  and  parallel  to  the 
Vallouise  there  are  twro  glens,  those 
of  Fottrnel  and  Freissinieres,  which 
pour,  their  waters  into  the  Durance, 
and  at  their  head  abut  on  the  water- 
shed between  the  Durance  and  the 
Drac.  The  former  leads  to  Cham- 
poleon,  the  latter  to  Orcieres,  both 
these  places  being  connected  with 
Gap  by  a  char  road. 

(a)  By  the  Foumel  glen  and 
Champoleon.  —  The  Fournel  glen 
joins  the  Durance  valley  at  Z?  Argen- 
tine (for  the  silver  mines,  see 
Rte.  Q),  there  being  in  its  lower 
portion  several  fine  earth  pillars 
('  colonnes  coiffees  ').  But  if  starting 
from  Vallouise  it  is  most  convenient 


ROUTE  L. 


VALLOUISE 


TO  GAP  OR  EMBRUN 


169 


either  to  cross  the  grassy  Col  de  la 
Pousterle  in  2|  hrs.  to  Champ 
Disdier,  near  the  E.  end  of  the 
Fournel  glen,  or  (better  and  more 
direct)  to  reach  its  head  by  a  higher 
pass.  This  is  the  Col  du  Haut 
Martin,  over  which  and  the  Pas  de 
la  Cavale  a  military  road  from 
Vallouise  to  Champoleon  was  con- 
structed in  1897.  To  reach  it  the  route 
up  the  Bans  glen  towards  the  Col  du 
Sellar(Rte.  K.  1 )  must  be  followed  as 
far  as  the  chalets  of  Entraigues  (2  hrs. 
from  Vallouise).  It  is  then  necessary 
io  mount  to  the  S.W.  up  the  Selle 
glen,  at  the  extreme  S.  head  of  which 
is  the  pass  (3 J  hrs.  from  Entraigues), 
which  (it  must  be  carefully  borne  in 
mind)  leads  over  to  the  head  of  the 
Fournel  glen,  and  not  direct  to  the 
head  of  the  Drac  valley. 

[The  latter  can  be  reached  direct 
either  by  bearing  S.W.  from  the 
head  of  the  Selle  glen  to  the  Col 
des  Bouchiers,  a  rough,  stony  pass 
just  N.W.  of  the  Pic  de  la  Cavale 
(2,897  m. ,  9,505  ft.),  or  by  mount- 
ing W.  from  the  shepherd's  hut  in 
the  Selle  glen  up  a  side  glen,  and 
by  a  rocky  ridge  in  the  midst  of  a 
erevassed  glacier  to  the  Col  du  Loup 
du  Val  Champoleon,  a  high,  but  not 
difficult,  glacier  pass.  It  may  be 
noted  as  a  topographical  curiosity 
that  these  two  passes  alone  give  ac- 
cess direct  from  Vallouise  to  the  head 
waters  of  the  Drac.  J 

A  short  descent  towards  the  Fournel 
glen  is  followed  by  a  traverse  in  a 
S.W.  direction  to  a  second  pass,  the 
Fas  de  la  Cavale,  c.  2,740  m. ,  8,990  ft. 
(|  hr. ),  which  properly  leads  from 
L'Argentiere  to  Champoleon.  On  the 
other  side  zigzags  lead  down  in  \  hr. 
to  the  Rognons  glen,  at  the  N.  foot 
of  the  difficult  pass  of  that  name, 
and  in  another  J  hr.  to  the  junction  of 
another  glen,  that  of  La  Pierre,  at 
the  N.  E.  corner  of  which  is  the  afore- 
mentioned Col  du  Loup  du  Val 
Champoleon,  while  at  its  N.  end  is 
the  Col  de  Verdonne  (Rte.  K.  2),  lead- 
ing to  Le  Clot  en  Valgaudemar.  The 
torrents  from  these  two  glens  form 


the  longest  of  the  streams  which  go 
to  make  up  the  Drac,  and  conse- 
quently rank  as  the  Sources  of  that 
river,  the  scenery  being  most  wild 
and  savage.  It  is  a  dreary  walk  down 
the  narrow  and  stony  glen  past  two 
sets  of  chalets  ( Chaumeille  and  Chau- 
meillon)  to  the  first  hamlet,  Les  Au- 
berts  (1  hr.),  in  a  most  desolate  and 
forbidding  situation  at  the  mouth  of 
the  Issora  glen,  through  which  the 
Col  de  Vallonpierre  (Rte.  M.  1)  leans 
to  Le  Clot  en  Valgaudemar.  It  is 
about  1 1  hr.  more  to  the  chief  hamlet 
in  the  Champoleon  valley,  Les  Borels 
(1,268  m.,  4,160  ft.) 

The  Champoleon  valley  is  very 
wide,  though  short,  while  the  villages 
scattered  along  the  banks  of  the 
infant  Drac,  the  trees,  and  the 
savage  rocks  of  the  Parieres  group 
overhead  remind  one  of  Switzer- 
land rather  than  of  the  bare  and 
waterless  ridges  round  Gap,  or  even 
round  Orcieres.  (For  the  passes  from 
Les  Borels  to  the  Valgaudemar,  as 
well  as  for  the  ascent  of  the  various 
peaks  of  the  Chaillol  and  Parieres 
groups  to  the  N. ,  see  next  Rte. ) 

A  char  road  leads  down  the  Cham- 
poleon valley  along  the  left  bank  of 
the  Drac  to  its  junction  (4  m. )  with 
the  Drac  d' Orcieres  (see  2,  below), 
and  then  turns  W.  with  the  united 
streams.  It  is  12  m.  thence  to  St. 
Bonnet,  between  Gap  and  Corps  (see 
Rte.  P).  but  the  traveller  bound  for  Gap 
direct  should  take  another  road  which 
crosses  the  low  Col  de  Manse,  E.  of 
and  parallel  to  the  Col  Bayard  from 
Gap  to  St.  Bonnet,  Gap  being  thus 
15  m.  from  the  junction  of  the  two 
main  branches  of  the  Drac. 

(b)  By  the  Freissinieres  Glen  and 
Orcieres, — This  route  will  take  a  day 
and  a  half,  but  is  much  more  inte- 
resting than  that  just  described,  though 
less  direct. 

The  valley  of  Freissinieres  may  be 
most  easily  reached  from  Vallouise 
by  driving  round  by  L'Argentiere  and 
Roche  de  Rame,  the  first  hamlet, 
Pallon,  being  gained  in  about  f  hr.'s. 
drive  from  the  latter  station  by  a  long 


i  "70 


DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9. 


PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


ascent  across  a  strange  ochre -coloured 
slope  of  disintegrated  rock.  Thence 
a  drive  of  J  hr.  along  the  left  bank 
of  the  Biaisse  through  the  nearly  level 
and  fertile  valley  brings  the  traveller 
to  the  principal  hamlet,  Les  Ribes,  of 
the  commune  of  Freissinieres.  A 
more  interesting, though  rather  longer, 
route  from  Vallouise  to  Les  Ribes  is 
to  cross  the  Col  de  la  Ponsterle  (see  a. 
above)  to  the  Fournel  glen  (2  J  hrs. ), 
and  then  a  second  grassy  pass,  the 
Col  des  Lanzes  (c.  2,000  m.,  6,562 
ft.),  by  which  Freissinieres  is  attained 
in  3 \  hrs.  more. 

[S.W.  of  Les  Ribes  is  the  Tete  de 
Vautisse  (3,162  m.,  10,375  ft.),  the 
second  summit  of  the  district.  It 
may  be  ascended  from  Les  Ribes  in 
7^  hrs.  by  a  long,  though  not  difficult, 
route  by  the  Bois  de  Monsieur,  the 
Sellar  glen,  and  the  S.W.  arete. 
The  view  includes  a  very  unknown 
district.  Probably  a  shorter  way  up 
the  peak  would  be  from  Dormillouse, 
whence  the  Col  de  Conleau  can  be 
gained  in  3 J  hrs. ,  and  then  a  traverse 
should  be  made  to  the  gap  S.W.  of 
the  summit,  where  the  above  route 
would  be  regained.)] 

Les  Ribes  is  prettily  situated 
amidst  trees.  A  good  -|  hr.  up  the 
valley  is  the  hamlet  of  Les  Viollins, 
with  the  Waldensian  chapel.  For 
this  valley  till  of  recent  years  was  in- 
habited mainly  by  a  French  branch  of 
the  Piedmontese  Waldensians,  among 
whom  Felix  Neff  laboured  (his  resi- 
dence was  at  La  Chalp,  in  a  side  glen 
of  the  Queyras  valley — §  6.  Rte.  C) 
till  his  death  in  1829  at  the  early  age 
of  29.  20  min.  further  is  Les 
Mansals,  and  then  commences  a 
steep  zigzag  ascent  ('  Le  Tourniquet') 
along  the  N.  slope  of  the  valley  by 
which,  in  1^  hr.  more,  the  last 
hamlet,  Dormillouse  ( 1,419 m.,  4,656 
ft.),  is  attained.  It  is  at  the  junction 
of  the  Ruffy  glen,  through  which  the 
Col  des  Terres  Blanches '  (2,728  m., 
8,950  ft.)  leads  in  7  hrs.  to  Orcieres, 
and  the  Col  de  Couleau  (2,838  m., 
9,311  ft.)  in  6f  hrs.  to  St.  Clement, 
in  the  Durance  valley,  3  m.  by  rail 


below  Montdauphin,  and  7  m.  above 
Embrun. 

Dormillouse  is  one  of  the  most 
wretched  and  miserable  hamlets  to  be 
found  in  the  Alps,  and  of  recent 
years  most  of  its  inhabitants  have 
been  removed  to  Algeria.  To  moun- 
taineers it  is  of  importance,  as  from  it 
the  highest  and  third  peaks  in  the 
district  can  be  ascended.  The  Pic 
Felix  Neff  (3,222  m.,  10,571  ft.)  is 
the  loftiest  point  in  the  range  on  the 
N.  of  the  village,  which  divides  the 
Freissinieres  glen  from  that  of 
Fournel.  It  was  first  climbed  in 
1880  by  Messrs.  Coolidge  and 
Gardiner,  who  took  4 J  hrs.  from 
Dormillouse  by  way  of  the  Boudous 
ravine,  and  a  great  buttress,  descend- 
ing from  a  snowy  point  on  the  ridge 
somewhat  W.  of  the  true  summit. 
The  ascent  is  a  very  stony  one,  but 
the  view  is  very  striking  and  quaint, 
Briancon  being  seen,  as  well  as  many 
little-known  ranges,  S.W.  of  Dor- 
millouse is  the  Grand  Pinier  (3,120 
m. ,  10,237  ft.),  the  ascent  of  which 
in  3 1  hrs.  is  very  easy  by  way  of  the 
Palluel  lake  and  the  S.E.  arete, 
while  the  descent  over  the  C haulier 
glacier  on  its  N.  face  to  the  Col 
d'Orcieres  track  takes  very  little 
more  than  one  hour,  so  that  even  if 
the  start  be  made  from  Les  Ribes  it 
is  not  a  very  long  day  to  take  the 
peak  on  the  way  over  the  pass  to 
Orcieres. 

From  Dormillouse  the  track  to  the 
Col  d'Orcieres,  2,700  m.,  8,859  ft. 
(called  Col  de  Prelles  on  the  French 
map),  at  the  head  of  the  Biaisse  valley, 
passes  through  wild  and  rocky  scenery, 
and  traverses  the  torrent  twice.  It  is 
about  2J-3  hrs.  from  the  village  to 
the  pass.  Care  should  be  taken  at 
the  last  to  bear  5.  W.,  as  at  the  N.W. 
corner  of  the  glen  is  the  Col  de 
Rognons,  whence  there  is  a  difficult 
descent  to  the  sources  of  the  Drac. 

On  the  other  side  a  nearly  due  S. 
course  should  be  taken  past  the  large 
Est  oris  lake  over  stones  and  pastures. 
I   (A  tempting  glen  on  the  E.  must  be 
I   carefully  avoided,  as  it   ends  in  a 


ROUTE  L.  VALLOUISE 


TO  GAP  OR  EMBRUN  171 


precipice  over  Prapic. )  2  hrs.  or  less 
suffice  for  the  descent  to  Orcieres, 
a  considerable  village  at  a  height  of 
1,350  m.,  4,429  ft.,  and  distant  4111. 
by  char  road  from  the  opening  of  the 
Val  Champoleon  (see  above),  and 
19  m.  from  Gap  by  the  Col  de 
Manse. 

It  is  at  the  junction  of  the  Archinard 
glen  with  the  main  valley  of  the 
Drac  d*  Orcieres.  The  latter  stream 
is  formed  by  two  torrents  which  unite 
at  the  hamlet  of  Prapic,  1  hr.  above 
Orcieres.  The  more  northerly  flows 
from  the  Grand  Pinier,  while  the 
principal  or  southerly  descends  from 
a  little  known  glen  in  which  there  is 
a  fine  waterfall,  the  Saut  du  Ldire-. 
At  the  N.  E.  corner  of  the  last-named 
glen  is  the  Col  des  Terres  Blanches, 
giving  access  to  Dormillouse,  while 
at  its  S.W.  corner  is  the  view-point 
of  the  Mourre  Froid  (2,996  m. , 
9,830  ft.),  accessible  from  Orcieres  in 
about  6  hrs.  by  its  W.  or  E.  ridge. 
At  the  E.  head  of  this  glen,  some 
way  N.  E.  of  the  Mourre  Froid,  is  the 
Col  des  Tourettes  (2,580  m. ,  8,465 
ft. ),  so  called  from  some  singular 
limestone  pillars  on  the  summit  ridge. 
It  may  be  gained  in  i|  hr.  from  the 
Saut,  which  is  rather  over  2  hrs-. 
from  Orcieres  ;  while  in  3  hrs.  more 
from  the  Col  the  descent  can  be 
effected  through  the  Rubious  glen 
(wherein  there  are  several  earth 
pillars  of  friable  limestone)  to  Chateau- 
roux,  in  the  Durance  valley,  a  station 
on  the  railway  (Rte.  Q),  4  m. 
below  Embrun. 

There  is  another,  but  longer  (7  hrs, ), 
way  from  Orcieres  to  Embrun  through 
the  Archinard  glen,  and  then  over  the 
Col de  Reallon  (2,519  m.,  8,265  ft. )  to 
the  hamlet  of  Reallon,  and  thence  by 
Puy  St.  Eusebe  in  a  S.E.  direction 
over  the  mountain  slopes.  Reallon 
is  connected  by  the  Col  de  la 
Coupa  (2,331  m.,  7,648  ft.)  with 
Ancelle  (7  hrs.  from  Ancelle  to 
Embrun),  which  is  10  m.  by  road 
from  St.  Bonnet.  But  the  region  be- 
tween Orcieres,  Ancelle,  and  Reallon 
is   very    little    known    to  foreign 


travellers,  and  authentic  information 
as  regards  it  is  much  desired. 


Route  M. 

VALGAUDEMAR  TO  CHAMPOLEON. 

Due  S.  of  the  Valgaudemar,  on  the 
other  side  of  a  tolerably  high  ridge, 
is  the  valley  of  Champoleon,  where 
different  small  streams  unite  to  form 
the  Brae,  a  very  considerable  river, 
which  flows  past  St.  Bonnet,  Corps, 
and  La  Mure  before  joining  the 
Isere  at  Grenoble  ;  the  longest  of 
the  torrents  which  form  this  river 
is  that  which  flows  S.W.  from  the 
foot  of  Sitae  (3,438  m.,  11,280  ft.), 
the  principal  summit  in  the  ranges 
that  enclose  the  Drac.  Hence  there 
are  a  number  of  passes  by  which  it  is 
possible  to  go  from  one  valley  to 
the  other.  Four  in  particular  may  be 
briefly  noticed  here,  as  with  three 
of  these  one  of  the  chief  peaks 
in  the  range  between  the  two  valleys 
may  be  climbed  on  the  way.  They 
are  described  for  the  sake  of  con- 
venience in  order  from  E.  to  W.,  the 
first  and  second  named  being  specially 
recommended  to  the  attention  of 
mountaineers. 

i.  By  the  Col  de  Vallonpierre. — ■ 
This  pass  starts  from  Le  Clot  en  Val- 
gaudemar, which  is  about  2  hrs.' 
walk  up  the  valley  from  the  principal 
hamlet,  La  Chape  lie  en  Valgaudemar 
(see  Rtes.  E.  3.  and  K,  above).  Fcr 
the  first  f  hr.  or  so  the  track  is  the 
same  as  for  the  Col  du  Loup  du 
Valgaudemar,  leading  to  the  Vallouise 
(Rte.  K.  2)  up  the  glen  which  opens 
just  S.  of  Le  Clot.  An  ascent  due  S. 
by  pastures  leads  to  the  muddy  Val- 
lonpierre lake  (if-  hr. ),  whence  the 
right  bank  of  the  torrent  is  followed 
to  a  shale  hollow  from  which  a  steep 
ascent  leads  to  the  shale  ridge  of  the 
pass,  2,620  m.,  8,596  ft.  (|  hr.,  or 
less  than  3  hrs.  from  Le  Clot). 


172  DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9. 


PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


[[To  effect  the  ascent  of  Sirae 
(3,438  m.,  11,280  ft.),  which  rises  E. 
of  the  Col,  it  is  necessary  to  gain  the 
glacier  at  its  W.  foot  either  from  the 
plain  near  the  Vallonpierre  lake  by 
the  left  side  of  the  steep  tongue  of  ice 
coming  from  that  glacier,  or  from  the 
Col  itself  by  following  the  ridge  to 
the  E.  to  a  cairn,  whence  rocks  give 
access  to  the  glacier.  At  the  N.E. 
corner  of  this  glacier  there  is  a  broad 
snow  couloir,  by  which,  or  the  steep 
rocks  on  its  left  bank,  the  main  S.W. 
arete  of  the  peak  is  attained,  and  its 
E.  slope  mounted  by  a  curious  path 
made  by  chamois  to  the  summit.  4J- 
hrs.  should  be  allowed  from  near  the 
lake,  or  an  hour  less  if  coming  from 
the  Col.  The  view  is  extremely  in- 
teresting as  including  a  region  very 
rarely  visited  by  travellers  hitherto. 
The  first  ascent  of  Sirac  was  made  by 
Mr.  Coolidge  in  1877.3 

A  rough,  but  easy,  descent  leads 
in  less  than  2  hrs.  from  the  Col  down 
the  left  bank  of  the  torrent  in  the 
wild  Issora  gorge  to  Les  Auberts  in 
the  main  Drac  valley  (Rte.  L.  a), 
whence  it  is  a  rather  dreary  walk  of 
hr.  down  the  narrow  glen  to  the 
opening  of  the  wide  pasture  basin  of 
Cha/upo/eon,  the  inn  being  at  the 
hamlet  of  Les  Borels. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  Parieres. — Im- 
mediately S.  of  La  Chapelle  en 
Valgaudemar  is  the  pasture  glen  of 
Navettes,  the  torrent  from  which 
flows  at  the  end  through  a  deep 
gorge,  so  that  a  steep  ascent  of  \  hr. 
above  its  left  bank  is  required  to  gain 
the  upper  level  of  the  glen.  At  its 
head  is  the  snow-streaked  range  of 
Chaillol.  The  Col  de  Parieres  and 
the  three  other  passes  to  be  described 
all  start  from  this  glen.  Half  an  hour 
further  is  the  hamlet  of  Navettes,  and 
here  our  route  bears  E.  up  one  or 
other  bank  of  the  Tempier  torrent  to 
the  Lauplat  pastures  at  the  head  of 
that  ravine.  The  pass  is  then  easily 
reached  by  the  torrent  flowing  from 
the  Parieres  glacier,  and  that  glacier 
itself.  It  is  c.  2,900  m.  (9.515  ft.), 
and  may  be  gained  in  5  hrs.  from  La 


Chapelle.  The  French  map  is  very 
defective  in  this  region,  the  older 
one  of  Bourcet  being  far  preferable. 

£Just  S.  of  the  pass  is  the  S. 
and  highest  summit  (c.  3.050  m., 
j 0,007  ft-)  of  the  Pic  de  Parieres, 
accessible  without  any  difficulty  in 
under  J  hr.  from  the  Col  and  com- 
manding a  very  quaint  view,  espe- 
cially of  the  great  lakes  of  Crupilloiize 
to  the  S.E.  It  was  first  climbed  in 
1883  by  Monsieur  Edmond  Bayard. 
Both  La  Chapelle  and  Les  Borels  are 
visible  from  the  summit.  J 

The  way  on  the  other  side  lies 
past  the  great  lakes  to  the  S.  edge  of 
the  plateau  whereon  they  rest,  and 
thence  there  is  a  steep  and  rough 
descent,  bearing  gradually  more  and 
more  to  the  right  in  order  to  gain  the 
hamlet  of  Les  Clots,  in  the  Drac 
valley,  f  hr.  above  Les  Borels,  while 
there  is  another  path  which  leads  direct 
to  Les  Baumes,  only  -|  hr.  above  Les 
Borels,  which  is  thus  about  3  \  hrs. 
from  the  pass. 

3.  By  the  Col  de  Val  Estrete 
(Estreche). — This  is  the  easiest  and 
most  direct  way  from  La  Chapelle 
to  Champoleon,  but  the  pass  itself  is 
stony,  and  not  very  interesting.  The 
track  leaves  the  Navettes  glen  a  little 
way  beyond  the  hamlet  of  that  name, 
and  climbs  steeply  first  up  the 
Buchardet  glen  on  the  S.E.,  then  by 
a  great  promontory  between  two 
ravines,  and  a  crevassed  neve.  The 
pass  is  2,620  m.  (8,596  ft.),  and  may 
be  reached  in  5  hrs.  from  La  Chapelle. 
Slippery  shale  slopes,  honeycombed 
by  ravines,  lead  down  to  the  head  ©f 
the  Val  Estrete  (Etroit),  and  thence 
a  rough  track  gives  access  in  -J  hr. 
more  to  Les  Banmes,  \  hr.  above  Les 
Borels ,  which  is  reached  in  this  way  in 
if  hr.  from  the  pass.  The  route  on 
the  N.  side  is  rather  intricate,  and  it 
is  very  easy  to  miss  the  right  track  in 
cloudy  or  stormy  weather. 

4.  By  the  Cols  de  Maneros  and  de 
Navettes. — These  two  passes  are  at 
the  extreme  head  of  the  Navettes 
glen,  and  are  only  separated  by  the 
two  conspicuous  teeth,  now  known 


ROUTE  M.    VALGAUDEMAR  TO  CHAMPOLEON  173 


as  the  Jumeaux  de  Chaillol.  The  | 
maps  are  very  erroneous  in  this  part 
of  the  chain,  and  that  by  M.  Moisson 
in  the  1 3th  volume  of  the  -  Annuaire 
de  la  Societe  des  Touristes  du 
Dauphine'  (1887)  should  be  studied, 
though  in  the  present  work  Mr. 
Coolidge's  nomenclature  (as  given  in 
the  Climbers'  Guide  for  the  Dauphine 
Alps)  is  followed  in  preference  to 
that  of  M.  Moisson. 

For  both  passes  the  Navettes  glen 
must  be  mounted  to  its  head,  where 
is  the  unexpectedly  large  Mancros 
glacier  (4  hrs. )    The  Col  de  Mancros 
to  the  S.E.  is  accessible  by  it  in 
1  \  hr. ,  and  from  the  pass  either  the 
snow  dome  of  the  Pic  de  Mo,ncros 
(3,075  m.,  10,089  ft.),  on  the  N.E. , 
or  the  E.  and  lower  summit  (3,090  m. , 
10,138  ft.  )of  the  Jumeaux  de  Chaillol 
can  be  attained  in  \  hr.    But  the 
Col  de  Navettes,  reached  in  tj  hr. 
from  the  bifurcation  by  bearing  S.W. 
up  the  glacier,  and  then  climbing  a 
steep  slope  of  debris,  is   in  some 
respects  to  be  preferred  to  the  Col  de 
Mancros,  as  from  it  not  only  can  the 
W.  and  higher  (3,095  m.,  10,155  ft-) 
summit  of  the  Jumeaux  de  Chaillol 
be  attained  in  20  min.  or  so,  but  also 
both  the  highest  points  of  the  Chaillol 
group.      Chaillol   Cone   (3,120  m. , 
10,237  ft.)  is  accessible  in  \  hr.  by 
rounding  its  S.  base  to  a  notch  just 
W.  of  the  peak,  and  then  cliriibing 
up  the  steep  rocks  of  its  S.  face.  The 
monarch   of  the   group    is  Vieux 
Chaillol  (3,163  m.,  10,378  ft. ),  further 
to  the  S.W.    It  is  a  very  fine  view- 
point, and  is  accessible  without  the 
slightest  difficulty  in  \\  hr.  from  the 
little   lake    (marked    2,396  m.  on 
the  French  map)  on  the  S.  side  of 
the  Col  de  Navettes  (3  hrs.  up  from 
Les  Borels).    The  last  hour  of  the 
ascent  lies  up  the  broad  stone-strewn 
S.  ridge.    The  summit  is  also  easily 
gained  in   4  hrs.   from  Molines  en 
Champsaur  on  the  W.  ;   from  the 
head  of  that  glen  ( Colombier)  the  Col 
de   Londeniere    leads    over   to  the 
Navettes  glen,  and  that  Col  may  be 
gained  in  about  2  hrs.  from  Vieux 


Chaillol  by  traversing  many  ravines 
and  stones  from  a  great  shoulder, 
gained  in  20  min.  from  the  S.  arete 
of  the  peak. 

The  routes  from  the  two  passes 
rejoin  in  a  few  minutes  on  the  S. 
side.  Stone  slopes  lead  in  about 
f  hr.  to  the  little  lake  just  mentioned. 
It  is  possible  to  descend  either  direct 
to  the  Tourond  huts  (1  hr. ),  or  to 
make  a  round  to  the  S.  over  pastures 
lately  subjected  to  the  process  of 
'  reboisement. '  Thence  the  path  along 
the  left  bank  of  the  torrent  is  fol- 
lowed till  on  reaching  the  Champo- 
leon  basin  the  Drac  must  be  crossed 
in  order  to  attain  Les  Borels  (2 J  hrs. 
from  either  pass). 


Route  N. 

GRENOBLE    TO    BOURG  D'OISANS  BY 
LA  MURE. 

Railway  (31  m.)  or  road  (24  m.)  to  La 
Mure  ;  thence  char  road  (28^  m.),  tra- 
versed by  diligences  in  8^  hrs.  (in- 
cluding halt  for  lunch.) 

The  peaks  and  passes  of  the  ridges 
at  the  W.  extremity  of  the  Pelvoux 
group  are  most  easily  reached  through 
the  valley  of  the  Drac,  though  per- 
haps most  frequently  approached  from 
those  of  the  Romanche  or  of  the 
Durance.  The  most  convenient  point 
in  the  Drac  valley  for  exploring  those 
regions  is  the  small  town  of  La  Mure, 
which  may  be  reached  by  two  routes 
from  Grenoble,  and  whence  Bourg 
d'Oisans,  in  the  Romanche  valley 
(§  8.  Rte.  A),  may  be  gained  by 
two  others. 

1.  By  Rail. — From  Grenoble  the 
line  towards  Gap  (Rte.  Q)  is  followed 
as  far  as  the  station  of  St.  Georges  de 
Commiers  (12  m. )  Here  the  La 
Mure  branch  turns  off.  This  is  an 
extremely  picturesque  and  striking 
line,  with  many  tunnels  and  viaducts. 
At  several  points  it  overhangs  the 


174  DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9.  PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


valley  of  the  Drac,  at  a  great  (depth 
below.  The  second  station  is  that  of 
La  Motte  les  Bains  (11  m.  from  St. 
Georges).  This  is  a  watering  place 
at  an  elevation  of  620  m.  (2,034  ft.), 
frequented  by  rheumatic  and  scro- 
fulous patients.  The  Etablissement 
Thermal  is  in  the  old  Chateau,  dating 
in  part  from  the  fourteenth  century, 
but  rebuilt  in  1844.  It  is  said  to  be 
now  very  well  fitted  up,  and  has 
accommodation  for  300  persons.  At 
the  foot  of  the  hillock  on  which  it 
stands  is  the  only  separate  inn,  the 
H.  du  Bois.  The  scenery  of  the 
neighbourhood  of  La  Motte  is  agree- 
able, but  scarcely  equal  to  that  of 
Uriage  (§  8.  Rte.  I)  or  of  Allevard  (§ 
8.  Rte.  F).  For  further  details  see 
Rte.  39  of  Joanne's  '  Alpes  Dau- 
phinoises,'  vol.  i. 

More  viaducts  and  tunnels  lead  to 
La  Motte  (TAveillans  station  (14  m. 
from  St.  Georges).  This  is  the 
centre  of  the  industrial  enterprises 
connected  with  the  anthracite  mines, 
which  are  here  worked  on  a  large 
scale  ;  one  of  them  is  said  to  be  the 
finest  of  the  kind  in  the  French  Alps. 
The  line  here  turns  S.E. ,  and  soon 
reaches  the  wide  plain  of  the  Mat  hey  - 
sine,  gaining  fine  views  of  the  Obiou, 
and  of  some  of  the  other  peaks  of  the 
Pelvoux  group.  At  the  S.  end  of 
this  plain  is  La  Mure  (19  m.  from 
St.  Georges). 

2.  By  Road. — Vizille  is  reached 
from  Grenoble  ( 1 1  m. )  by  railway  to 
the  station,  and  thence  by  steam 
tramway  to  the  town  (§  8.  Rte.  A), 
or  direct  by  road.  Hence  a  steep 
ascent  of  640  m.  (2,100  ft.)  in  5  m. 
leads  to  Laffrey  (925  m.  ,3,035  ft. ),  at 
the  N.  end  of  the  great  plateau  or 
valley  of  the  Matheysine,  mentioned 
under  1.  This  small  village  has  a 
church  built  by  the  Templars,  and  is  I 
famous  in  history  as  the  spot  where 
on  March  7,  181 5,  Napoleon,  on  his 
return  from  Elba,  first  met  the  royal 
troops.  It  stands  on  the  highest  part 
of  the  extensive  plateau  of  the 
Matheysine,  and  is  exposed  to  nearly 
all  the  winds.    The  view  hence  is 


very  extensive,  including  a  bit  of 
Grenoble  and  of  the  Bauges  moun- 
tains. Laffrey  is  on  the  shore  of  a 
large  lake,  3  m.  long,  800  yards  wide, 
and  two  others  are  soon  passed  on 
the  way  over  the  plateau  to  La  Mure, 
a  distance  of  8  m.  La  Mure  is  thus 
13  m.  from  Vizille  by  road. 

La  Mure  (873  m. ,  2, 864  ft. )  is  a  town 
of  3,500  inhabitants  in  a  very  exposed 
situation,  so  that  the  climate  is  always 
cold,  especially  in  winter.  It  is 
famous  for  the  siege  of  1580,  when  it 
long  held  out,  until  reduced  to  the 
last  extremity,  against  the  Duke  of 
Mayenne  and  his  large  army.  There 
are  several  factories  here,  and  con- 
siderable trade  in  corn  and  cattle. 
Hence  to  Bonrg  d'Oisans  there  are  at 
least  two  routes. 

(a)  By  the  Col  d'Ornon. — There  is 
a  direct  char  road  over  this  pass  from 
La  Mure.    The  new  road  descends 
from  La  Mure  by  long  zigzags  (the 
old  road  to  the  1.  is  best  for  a  pedes- 
trian, as  it  saves  over   1  m. ),  and 
crosses  the   Bonne,  just   below  its 
junction  with  the  Roisonne,  by  the 
Pont  Haul  (3m.)  The  road  to  Mens 
( 1 1  m. ,  Rte.  P )  turns  off  j  ust  before  this 
bridge,  and  that  to  Corps  ( 16  m. )  and 
Gap  (24  more)  just  after  crossing  it. 
The  road  to  the  Col  d'Ornon  winds 
at  a  great  height  above  the  Bonne 
along  the  channelled  slopes  which 
have  eaten  into  vast  deposits  of  gravel 
and  detritus  that  at  some  period  filled 
a  great  portion  of  the  valley.  The 
Bonne  is  crossed  to  the  r.  bank  some 
distance  before  reaching  Valbonnais 3 
a  large  village  (8  m.  from  La  Mure), 
picturesquely   placed   on   a  terrace 
above  the  Bonne.    (Hence  the  Col 
de  Plan  Collet  leads  N.W.  in  \\  hr. 
to  Oris,  and  in  J  hr.  more  to  La 
Valette,  see  below. )  The  road  crosses 
the  Bonne  twice  (under  the  second 
bridge  is  a  fine  waterfall)  in  order  to 
reach  the  hamlet  of  Eiitraigues  (3 
m. ),  at  the  junction  of  the  Bonne, 
flowing   from   the  ValjoufTrey  (see 
Rte.  O),  with  the  Malsanne,  coming 
down  from  the  Col  d'Ornon.  (From 
Entraigues  easy  grass  passes  lead  S. 


ROUTE  N.     GRENOBLE  TO  BOURG  D'OISANS  BY  LA  MURE  175 


in  i\  hrs.  over  to  the  pilgrimage 
place  of  La  Salette,  Rte.  P.)  The 
road  to  the  Col  d'Ornon  now  turns 
N,  up  the  very  wide  glen  of  the 
Malsanne.  Le  Perier,  the  first 
hamlet  (3  m.),  is  the  most  important 
of  the  three  or  four  passed  on  the 
way  to  the  Col  d^Grnon,  1,360  m., 
4,462  ft.  (9  m.  from  Entraigues\ 
a  depression  between  grassy  ridges  on 
either  side.  Hence  there  is  a  view 
of  the  wild  glen  just  traversed,  while 
in  front  the  much  prettier  one  of  the 
Lignari'e  opens  out  before  the  spec- 
tator's eyes.  The  hamlet  of  Rivier 
is  passed  on  the  descent,  and  lower 
down  the  road  winds  round  the  base 
of  the  hillock  on  which  is  the  village 
of  Ornon,  one  hamlet  of  which — La 
Palud  (4  m.  from  the  Col) — is  on 
the  high  road,  (Hence  Taillefer 
may  be  ascended.  See  §  8,  Rte.  A, 
under  Sechilienne. )  There  are  a 
number  of  hamlets  in  this  glen 
perched  upon  eminences  in  pictu- 
resque positions,  overlooking  the 
valley.  From  La  Palud  the  road  de- 
scends, steeply  at  last,  into  the  valley 
of  the  Romanche  (2|  m. ),  which 
is  gained  2  m.  below  Bourg  d'Oisans, 
at  the  La  Patite-Ornon  station,  on  the 
steam  tramway  from  Vizille  (§  8.  Rte, 

(b)  By  the  Roisonne  Glen. — This 
route  is  more  attractive  to  pedestrians 
than  the  last,  as  thus  it  is  possible  to 
take  the  Taillefer  on  the  way  from 
La  Mure  to  Bourg  d'Oisans,  an  ex- 
cursion much  recommended.  It  is 
advisable  to  sleep  at  Lavaldens,  or, 
better  still,  at  the  little  inn  at  La 
Morte. 

A  char  road  leads  from  La  Mure 
up  this  glen,  passing  La  Valette,  6 
m.  (hence  to  Valbonnais  by  the  Col 
de  Plan  Collet  in  3  hrs. ),  and  Laval- 
dens  (3  m.),  before  attaining  the  ham- 
let of  Moulin  Vienx  (12  m.  from 
La  Mure).  Hence  Taillefer  (2,861 
m.,  9,387  ft.)  can  be  ascended  direct, 
but  it  is  better  to  go  on  to  the  inn  at 
La  Morte,  2  m.  more  (see  §  8.  Rte. 
A,  under  Sechilienne).  Serpentine 
and  crystalline  rocks  of  varied  com- 


position are  found  in  the  Roisonne 
glen,  as  well  as  metallic  ores,  which 
cannot  be  worked  with  advantage 
owing  to  the  difficulty  of  access.  At 
Moulin  Vieux  the  Vaunoire  glen 
opens  out  to  the  E.,  and  through  it, 
by  keeping  to  the  N.E.,  a  pass  called 
Clot  Beaumont  can  be  crossed  to 
Rivier  (3  hrs.),  in  the  Lignarre  valley 
(see  a.  above),  7  m.  from  Bourg 
d'Oisans. 


Route  O. 

LA    MURE    TO   THE  VALGAUDEMAR 
BY  THE  VALJOUFFREY  AND 
VALSENESTRE. 

The  easiest  way  of  reaching  the 
Valgaudemar  from  La  Mure  is  to 
follow  the  high  road  past  (16  m. ) 
Corps  (hence  excursion  in  6  m.  by 
char  road  to  the  pilgrimage  place  of 
La  Salette),  and  on  for  1 1  m.  to  St. 
Firmin  en  Valgaudemar,  at  the 
entrance  of  the  valley  of  which  it  is 
the  chief  village.  (Nearly  opposite 
are  the  ruins  of  the  sixteenth-century 
castle  of  the  famous  Constable  Les- 
diguieres. )  Hence  there  is  a  char 
road  up  the  Valgaudemar  to  ( 10  m. ) 
La  Chape  lie  en  Valgaudemar,  the 
most  convenient  centre  in  the  valley 
for  mountaineers,  although  the  inn  is 
not  much  to  speak  of. 

But  mountaineers  will  prefer  to 
gain  La  Chapelle  by  a  more  inte- 
resting route,  through  the  valley  of 
the  Bonne  or  the  Valjouifrey,  whence 
there  are  at  least  two  passes  over  to 
the  valley  of  the  Severaisse  or  the 
Valgaudemar. 

From  La  Mure  the  road  to  the  Col 
d'Ornon  (see  last  Rte. )  is  followed  as 
I  far  as  Entraigues  (11  m. )  The  Bonne 
valley  here  bends  S.  E. ,  and  a  rough 
char  road  leads  up  it  to  the  chief 
hamlet,  La  Chapelle  en  Valjouffrey 
(4 j-  m. ),  situated  just  at  the  junction 
of  the  Bonne  with  the  Beranger  tor- 


i;6  DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9.  PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


rent,  flowing  from  the  Yalsenestre  on 
the  N.E. 

[1 J  hr.  's  walk  up  the  latter  wild  glen, 
yet  but  little  known,  brings  the  traveller 
in  3!  m.  to  the  chief  hamlet,  Valse- 
nestre  (1,279  m-j  4?I96  ft.)  Passes 
lead  hence  to  the  Veneon  valley  (see 
Rte.  F),  on  the  N.,  while  to  the  S. 
Le  Desert  en  Yaljouffrey  may  be 
gained  either  in  3!  hrs.  by  the  easy 
grass  pass  of  the  Col  de  Cote  Belle 
or  Col  des  Mamies  (c.  2,300  m., 
7,546  ft. )— the  view  is  much  extended 
by  climbing  in  2  hrs.  up  the  Aiguille 
des  Marmes  (3,057  m,,    10,030  ft.), 

on  the  E  or  in  rather  over  6  hrs.  by 

the  higher,  though  not  difficult,  pass  of 
the  Col  d'Aillot(2,%'JS  m.,  9,433  ft.)J 

2  hrs.  (4  J  m.)  higher  up  the 
Yaljouffrey,  by  a  path  mainly  along 
the  r.  bank,  is  the  last  hamlet,  that 
of  Le  De&ert  enValjouifrey  (1,285  m- j 
4,216  ft.)  (On  the  way  from  La 
Chapelle  a  track  leads  S.E.  from 
Les  Clarets  by  the  Col  de  Menoux  to 
St.  Maurice,  in  the  Valgaudemar, 
about  half-way  between  St.  Firmin 
and  La  Chapelle  en  Valgaudemar.) 
Le  Desert  communicates  with  the 
Veneon  valley  by  several  passes  which 
are  described  in  Rte.  F.  The  posi- 
tion of  the  village  hardly  justifies  its 
name,  though  the  upper  portion  of 
the  Yaljouffrey  beyond  it  is  dreary 
enough.  At  Le  Desert  a  choice  may 
be  made  between  two  passes  to  the 
Valgaudemar. 

One  is  the  Col  de  la  Vaure  (2,600  m. , 
8,531ft.).  The  track  leads  steeply 
up  the  1.  side  of  the  Eckarenne 
ravine,  which  opens  out  into  the 
Yaljouffrey  just  S.E.  of  Le  Desert. 
A  slope  of  shale  at  its  head,  followed 
by  one  of  snow,  brings  the  traveller 
to  the  top  of  the  pass,  whence  the 
path  goes  down  through  the  Peines 
glen  to  the  hamlet  of  that  name. 
Hence  a  steep  mule  path  leads  down 
to  Villard  Loubih'e  (5  hrs.),  in  the 
Valgaudemar,  2^  m.  below  La 
Chapelle.  From  the  Valgaudemar 
side  of  the  pass  the  laborious  and 
rather  difficult  ascent  of  the  Pic  des 
Souffles  (3,099  m.,  10,168  ft.)  may 


I   be  made  in  3J  hrs.  or  so  by  way  of 

\    the  S.   face  and  E.   arete/ but  the 

I   rocks  are  very  rotter. 

The  other  is  the  Col  de  Turbat 
(2,690  m.,  8,826  ft.),  at  the  very 
head  _  of  the  Bonne  valley.  There  is 
no  difficulty  in  following  this  glen, 
which  runs  first  N.E.  to  its  junction 
with  the  Combe  de  la  Pisse  (for  the 
passes  to  the  Veneon  valley  see 
Rte.  F),  and  then  S.E.  It  becomes 
more  and  more  stony  and  dreary,  but 
the  monotonous  ascent  is  relieved  by 
a  very  fine  view  of  the  glorious  preci- 
pices of  the  Pic  d'Olan  (3,578  m., 

.    1  !5739  which  close  the  vallev. 

:  The  pass  at  the  head  of  the  valley  is 
the  Breche  d'Olan,  leading  to  St. 
Christophe  by  La  Lavey  (Rte.  F.  a). 
It  is  necessary  at  the  end  of  the  glen 
to  turn  due  S.,  and  mount  nearly 

:  straight,  keeping  a  little  to  the  W., 
to  the  Col  de  Turbat  (5  hrs.)  From 
the  pass  the  view  may  be  much  ex- 
tended by  climbing,  in  under  an 
hour,  the  Pic  de  Turbat  (3,031  m., 
9,945  ft.),  on  the  W.  The  descent 
lies  almost  due  S.  through  the  C?ot 
glen  (leaving  to  the  1.  the  old  and 
difficult  way  up  the  Pic  d'Olan— 
Rte.  E.  3),  which  joins  the  Severaisse 
valley  just  opposite  La  Chapelle  (2 
hrs.  from  the  pass). 


Route  P. 

CORPS  TO  GRENOBLE  BY  THE  BE- 
VOLUY,  THE  VERCOR5,  AND  THE 
ROYAXXAIS.  THE  FRENCH  DOLO- 
MITES. 

In  the  last  Rte.  mention  was  made 
of  Corps  as  passed  by  the  high  road 
from  La  Mure  to  the  Valgaudemar. 
It  is  the  usual  starting-point  for  the 
famous  pilgrimage  place  of  La  Salette, 
distant  6  m.  by  a  char  road.     It  may 
;   also  be  made  the  point  of  depar- 
!   ture  for  a  rapid  journey  through  some 
i   very  curious  and  interesting  country 


ROUTE  P.    CORPS  TO  GRENOBLE 


177 


on  the  way  back  to  Grenoble.  This 
region  may  be  fitly  called  the  '  French 
Dolomites,5  for  the  limestone  forma- 
tion is  precisely  similar  to  that  of  the 
better  known  Tyrolese  Dolomites, 
while  it  should  be  remembered  that 
the  discoverer  and  namer  of  the 
latter,  the  Marquis  de  Dolomieu 
(1750-1801),  lived  at  Dolomieu, 
which  is  only  5  m.  from  La  Tour 
du  Pin,  on  the  line  from  Lyons  to 
Grenoble,  and  just  half-way  from 
either  of  those  places. 

A  glance  at  the  map  will  show  that 
between  the  high  road  running  from 
La  Mure  through  Corps  (16  m. )  over 
the  Col  Bayard  to  Gap  (24  m.  from 
Corps),  and  the  railway  (Rte.  Q)  which 
from  Veynes  junction  (where  the  lines 
from  Gap  and  Marseilles  come  to- 
gether) crosses  the  Col  de  la  Croix 
Haute  to  Grenoble,  there  is  a  wild  dis- 
trict called  the  Devoluy.  The  line  just 
mentioned  passes  through  the  Trieves 
on  the  N.  side  of  the  Col  de  la  Croix 
Haute,  while  to  its  W.,  between  it 
and  the  branch  line  from  Grenoble 
to  Valence,  there  are  two  other  re- 
gions, called  the  Vercors  and  the 
jRoyannais.  The  hills  in  these  parts 
are  of  no  great  height,  and  the 
scenery  is  very  wild  and  barren  ;  but 
some  account  of  them  must  be  given 
here,  though  hitherto  they  have,  save 
the  Royannais,  been  very  little  visited, 
even  by  French  travellers. 

[Just  S.W.  of  Corps  rises  the  highest 
summit  of  the  Devoluy,  the  Obiou 
(2,793  m-j  9>I04ft. )?  which  may  behest 
climbed  thence.  It  is  most  convenient 
to  sleep  at  Pellafol,  4  m.  from  Corps  by 
the  char  road  leading  to  St.  Etienne 
(see  below).  A  path  runs  hence  to  the 
W.,  and  by  woods  and  pastures 
brings  the  traveller  to  the  Vallon  hut 
at  the  E.  foot  of  the  peak  (2 \  hrs.), 
whence  another  mounts  by  zigzags 
over  debris  to  the  gap  between  the 
Grand  and  Petit  Obiou  ( 1  \  hr. )  The 
base  of  the  peak  is  then  skirted  to  its  S. 
face,  in  which  a  little  rock  gully  gives 
access  to  the  vast  stone-strewn  plateau 
which  forms  the  summit  (i^hr.,  or 
5  hrs.  from  Pellafol).  As  the  moun- 
r. 


tain  occupies  an  isolated  position  the 
view  is  fine,  though  strikingly  de- 
solate. 2 

From  Corps  a  very  hilly  carriage 
road  leads  round  the  N.  foot  of  the 
Obiou  by  Mens  (14  m. ),  famous  in 
the  French  wars  of  religion,  to  Clelles 
(9  m. ),  a  station  on  the  Veynes- 
Grenoble  line  of  railway.  But  the 
enterprising  traveller  will  prefer  to 
gain  that  place  by  the  Devoluy  itself. 
This  is  a  most  barren,  stony,  and 
desolate  valley  which  lies  on  the  E. 
side  of  the  Obiou,  opening  out  nearly 
due  S.W.  of  Corps.  A  char  road 
leads  up  in  10  m.  to  St.  Disdier  en 
Devoluy,  in  a  small  green  basin.  The 
road  continues  S.W.  to  Agnieres,  but 
a  curious  man  should  follow  the  bad 
char  road  S.E.  from  St.  Disdier 
through  the  narrow  and  impressive 
gorge  of  the  Souloise,  amid  scenes 
of  the  most  utter  desolation,  to  the 
chief  village  of  the  Devoluy,  St. 
Etienne  en  Devoluy,  1,263  m-> 
4,144  ft.  (4  m.),  in  a  second  green 
basin,  a  most  refreshing  sight  after 
the  dreary  journey  hither.  It  is  a 
poor-looking  hamlet,  and  one  is 
tempted  to  wonder  how  any  one 
originally  settled  there,  and  why  the 
inhabitants  stay  there.  By  the  Col 
du  Noyer  (1,654  m.,  5,427  ft.),  on 
the  E. ,  a  char  road  leads  over  to  St. 
Bonnet  (on  the  high  road,  14  m.  from 
Corps,  and  10  m.  from  Gap).  Our 
route  lies,  however,  by  another  char 
road  on  the  W.,  which  brings  one 
over  the  Col  de  Giers  in  4  m,  to 
the  village  of  Agnieres  (1,270  m.., 
4,167  ft.) j  which  is  on  the  main  high 
road  from  St.  Disdier  (4  m.  off)  by  the 
Col  d? Agnieres  (1,438  m.,  4,718  ft.) 
to  Montmaur  (9  m.  from  Agnieres), 
a  station  on  the  railway,  3J  m.  from 
Veynes,  and  12J  m.  from  Gap. 

[Hence  the  Pic  de  Bure  (2,712 
m.,  8,898  ft.),  the  highest  point  of 
the  Aurouse  group,  may  be  climbed 
in  7  hrs.  It  is  another  of  the  savage 
summits  of  the  Devoluy.  J 

Agnieres  is  the  best  place  whence  to 
start  for  the  Grand  F errand  (2,761  m., 
9,059  It.),  on  the  N.W.,  the  third  of 

N 


i78 


DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9.  PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


the  chief  summits  of  this  wild  region. 
It.  may  be  reached  thence  in  4f  hrs. 
by  way  of  the  hamlet  of  Maubourg, 
the  Adroits  glen,  and  the  S.E.  slopes. 
There  is  no  difficulty,  but  amazing 
masses  of  sharp  stones  and  rocks  must 
be  traversed.  The  view  is  less  deso- 
late than  that  from  the  Obiou,  as  the 
Ferrand  overhangs  the  green  hollow 
of  the  Trieves.  The  first  part  of  the 
descent  is  made  by  the  same  route, 
and  then  a  traveller  should  bear  S.  in 
order  to  follow  a  rough  sheep  track  to 
the  Colde  Charnier,  2, 180m.,  7, 1 53  ft. 
('I  \  hr. )  at  the  head  of  the  Trabu'ech 
glen.  A  zigzag  path  thence  leads 
round  above  the  Ferrand  lake  to  the 
point  marked  1,762  m.  on  the  French 
map,  which  overlooks  the  Trieves. 
This  path  goes  in  a  N.  direction  to 
Treminis,  in  the  Trieves,  but  another 
passes  through  forests,  and  gains  the 
Granges  des  Forets  in  the  Trabuech 
valley  (a  short  hour  from  the  Col  de 
Charnier).  A  char  road  runs  down 
this  glen  in  1  hr.  to  the  village  of 
Lus  la  Croix  Haute  (1^062  m., 
3,484  ft.),  on  the  summit  plateau  of 
the  Col  de  la  Croix.  Haute.  Lus  is  a 
station  on  the  Veynes-Grenoble  line 
(Rte.  Q),  24  m.  from  Veynes,  which 
is  16  m.  from  Gap. 

The  route  towards  the  Vercors 
necessitates  a  descent  in  the  train 
on  the  other  side  of  the  Col  for 
9  m.  to  Clelles  station  (some  way 
— 1  m. — from  the  village  of  the  same 
name)  (see  Rte.  Q). 

^Clelles  is  just  at  the  E.  foot  of  one 
of  the  most  wonderful  and  extraordinary 
of  the  minor  summits  of  the  Alps,  the 
Mont  Aiguille  (2,097  m.,  6,880  ft.) 
In  reality  it  consists  of  a  sloping  grassy 
meadow,  supported  by  gigantic  and 
nearly  precipitous  walls  of  rock. 
From  Clelles  it  looks  like  a  great 
wall,  but  from  other  points  (e.g.  from 
the  N.W.)  it  resembles  a  paper-knife 
set  on  edge.  It  is  separated  from 
the  great  table-land  of  the  Vercors 
on  the  W.  (of  which  it  once  clearly 
formed  part)  by  a  great  fissure  of 
450  m.  (1,476  ft.)  in  depth.  This 
striking  peak  is  further  remarkable  as 


having  been  scaled  as  far  back  as 
1492  by  Julien  de  Beaupre,  chamber- 
lain of  Charles  VIII.  of  France,  by 
order  of  his  master,  and  with  many 
followers.  The  adventurers  spent 
six  days  on  the  summit,  which  was 
not  again  attained  till  1834.  Now 
iron  ropes  have  been  placed  in  the 
hollows  in  the  walls  of  the  peak,  and 
greatly  facilitate  the  ascent,  which  is 
still,  however,  very  curious  and  well 
worth  making.  The  way  from  Clelles 
is  to  go  in  1  hr.  to  the  hamlet  of 
La  Richardiere,  on  its  S.,  and  then 
to  mount  to  the  base  of  the  S.W. 
corner  of  the  mountain  ( 1  \  hr. )  The 
real  climb  now  begins,  and  conducts 
the  adventurer  through  several  very 
strange  fissures  or  caverns  in  the  rock 
wall.  The  surprising  meadow  on  the 
summit  is  attained  in  if- if  hr.  from 
the  base,  and  in  10  min.  more  the 
iron  cross  on  the  highest  point — in 
all  about  4  hrs.  from  Clelles.  The 
view  down  from  this  great  block  is 
most  astonishing,  while  in  the  dis- 
tance the  great  Dauphine  peaks,  with 
Mont  Blanc  in  the  background,  fill 
the  spectator's  eye.  In  1894  the 
peak  was  scaled  by  the  great  N. 
wall.  3 

The  best  way  from  Clelles  to  the 
Vercors  is  over  the  Grand  Veymont 
(2,346  m.,  7,697  ft.),  the  culminating 
point  of  that  district.  It  lies  N.W. 
of  the  Mont  Aiguille,  and  may  be 
ascended  with  ease  from  Clelles  by  a 
mule  path  to  Tresanne,  and  thence  a 
foot  path  over  a  low  pass  to  the  hamlet 
of  La  Bdtie.  The  way  now  turns 
sharply  to  the  S.W.  in  order  to  attain 
the  Pas  de  la  Fouille,  at  the  S.W. 
foot  of  the  final  ridge,  which  is  as- 
cended to  the  summit  (5J-6  hrs. 
from  Clelles).  The  most  remarkable 
feature  of  the  near  view  is  the  mar- 
vellous Mont  Aiguille,  which  is  looked 
down  upon  from  a  greater  height 
On  the  E.  side  the  Grand  Veymont 
is  a  series  of  immense  precipices  and 
jagged  limestone  towers,  quite  like  a 
Tyrolese  Dolomite.  The  descent 
from  the  peak  to  the  Pas  de  la  Vilk^ 
at  its  N.  foot,  only  takes  \  hr.  In 


ROUTE  P.    CORPS  TO  GRENOBLE 


179 


order  to  enjoy  the  very  striking  view 
of  the  E.  wall  of  the  peak  it  is  worth 
while  to  go  down  in  1  hr.  to  the 
prettily  situated  village  of  Gresse 
(1,178  m.,  3,865  ft.)  But  the  direct 
route  lies  from  the  Pas  de  la  Ville 
to  the  N.W.,  first  to  a  great  stone- 
strewn  shelf  or  band,  on  which  green 
islets,  like  oases  in  a  desert,  mark 
the  position  of  the  rare  springs,  and 
then  through  a  thick  forest  (there 
are  live  bears  in  it)  to  the  village 
of  St.  Agnan  en  Vercors  (760  m., 
2,493  ft-)j  2I~3  nrs-  from  the  Pas  de 
la  Ville,  and  2.\  m.  by  high  road  from 
La  Chapelle  en  Vercors,  the  chief 
place  of  this  strange  region. 

La  Chapelle  is  4  m.  by  high  road 
from  the  inns  at  the  entrance  to  the 
remarkable  gorges  of  the  Grands 
Goulets.  Hence  the  carriage  road 
(traversed  by  diligences  coming  from 
Grenoble,  taking  1 1\  hrs. ,  including 
halt  for  lunch,  from  that  city  to  Pont 
en  Royans)  is  carried  on  a  narrow 
shelf  above  great  precipices  through 
these  very  striking  limestone  gorges, 
which,  with  their  gigantic  cliffs,  and 
trees,  are  said  to  resemble  on  a  small 
scale  the  famous  canons  of  N.  Ame- 
rica. The  new  road  is  splendidly 
engineered,  and  tunnels  through  the 
rock  in  several  places.  Lower  down 
it  descends  into  a  green  basin,  filled 
with  box  trees,  very  uncommon  in 
Alpine  districts.  A  second  set  of 
gorges,  the  Petit s  Goulets  (not  so 
grand  as  the  others),  is  traversed 
before  the  traveller  reaches  the  very 
picturesquely  situated  village  (8  m. 
from  the  entrance  to  the  Grands 
Goulets)  of  Pont  en  Eoyans,  astride 
of  the  gorge  of  the  Bourne.  The 
houses  rise  tier  above  tier  on  the  side 
of  this  gorge,  with  one  narrow  main 
street  running  through  them,  which 
in  one  place  is  on  a  level  with  the 
roof  of  the  church  below.  Pont  en 
Royans  is  7  m.  by  high  road  from  St. 
Hilaire-St.  Nazaire  station,  and 
10  m.  from  St.  Marcellin  station, 
both  on  the  railway  line  from  Gre- 
noble to  Valence.  They  are  7  m. 
apart,  the  former  being  23  m.  from 


Valence  on  the  main  P.L.M.  line, 
the  latter  32  m.  from  Grenoble. 

In  order  to  see  the  whole  of  this 
interesting  district,  the  traveller 
should,  however,  take  another  route 
to  Grenoble,  by  Villard  de  Lans. 
This  village  may  be  gained  from 
Pont  en  Royans  by  retracing  our 
steps  to  the  inns  at  the  further  end  of 
the  Grands  Goulets  (8  m. ),  and  then 
joining  the  route  to  be  mentioned  at 
the  Pont  de  Goule  Noire  (9  m. ) 
It  may  be  pleasanter  to  drive  from 
Pont  en  Royans  through  the  lower 
gorges  of  the  Bourne  (striking  in  their 
way,  but  perhaps  not  as  fine  as  the 
Goulets)  by  La  Bahne  de  Rencurel  to 
the  Pont  de  la  Goule  Noire  (9m.), 
beyond  which  a  picturesque  winding 
road  through  the  upper  and  finer 
gorges  of  the  Bourne  leads  to  Villard 
de  Lans  (5  m. ),  which  is  thus  22  or 
14  m.  from  Pont  en  Royans.  Villard 
lies  in  the  centre  of  a  high  tableland, 
or  fertile  valley.  Another  set  of 
limestone  gorges,  those  of  Engins, 
only  less  wonderful  than  the  Grands 
Goulets,  must  be  traversed  (high  road) 
before  the  traveller  emerges  into  the 
Isere  valley  at  Sassenage  (14  m. ), 
4  m.  from  Grenoble,  where  civilisa- 
tion is  welcome  after  a  week's  journey 
from  Corps  through  a  curiously  wild, 
but  very  fascinating  region. 

The  whole  route  here  indicated 
was  made  by  the  present  Editor 
(W.A.B.C.)  in  1881  and  1888,  and 
is  fully  described  in  an  article  in  the 
'  Alpine  Journal '  for  February  1889, 
to  which  reference  should  be  made. 


:i8o  DAUPHINL  ALPS.  §9. 


PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


Route  Q. 

BRIANCON    TO    GRENOBLE    BY  GAP. 


M. 

LArgentiere-La  Bessie  .  .  8 
La  Roche  de  Rame  .  .12 
Montdauphin-Guillestre  .  .  17 
Embrun  ....  27^ 
Prunieres  ....  36^ 
Gap  .  .  .  .  .  51 
Veynes  .  .  .  -*  -67 
Lus  la  Croix  Haute  .  .  91 
Clelles-Mens  .       .       .  100 

St.  Georges  de  Commiers  .  124 
Grenoble        .       .       .  .136 


Railway  throughout,  traversed  twice 
daily  in  7^-8  hrs. 

In  the  first  Rte.  of  this  Chapter 
(§  8.  Rte.  A)  we  described  the 
pleasantest  way  from  Grenoble  to 
Briancon— that  by  the  Col  du  Lau- 
taret.  But  there  is  another  way 
between  those  places  which  is 
quicker,  as  it  is  traversed  by  a  rail- 
way, which  may  be  noticed  here. 
Taken  with  the  Col  du  Lautaret  a 
complete  circuit  is  thus  made  of  the 
region  described  in  the  present  Sec- 
tion. The  line  is  an  important  one 
topographically,  so  that  it  is  conve- 
nient for  travellers  coming  either  from 
the  Queyras  valley  (§  4.  Rte.  B)  or 
from  Barcelonnette  (§  3.  Rte.  A), 
not  to  speak  of  the  fact  that  by  it  the 
journey  from  Briancon  to  Marseilles 
is  very  direct,  though  the  trains  are 
not  fast,  10J-11J  hrs.  being  required 
to  cover  188  m.  Veynes  is  the  junc- 
tion for  the  South. 

The  line  runs  from  Briancon  along 
the  left  bank  of  the  Durance  through 
a  fertile  valley,  many  villages  being 
seen  on  the  green  slopes  on  the  W. , 
while  to  the  E.  is  the  opening  of  the 
gorge  leading  to  Cervieres  (§  6.  Rte. 
C).  The  river  is  crossed  before  the 
station  of  Pre  lies  (3  m.).  Soon  after 
the  line  is  carried  through  a  succession 
of  deep  gorges,  passing  through  many 
tunnels,  and  over  a  viaduct  till  it  de- 
scends to  cross  the  Gyronde^  flowing 
from  Vallouise,  and  passes  under  and 


opposite  the  various  fractions  of  La 
Bessee,  on  the  other  bank,  so  as  to 
reach  the  station  of  V  Argentiere- La 
Bessee  (8  m).  Here  travellers  leave 
the  train  if  bound  for  the  Vallouise 
(Rte.  G)  or  the  Fournel  glen  (Rte. 
L.  a).  L'Argentiere  derives  its  name 
from  the  neighbouring  silver-lead 
mines,  worked  in  the  twelfth  century, 
and  fitfully  in  the  present  century, 
while  it  has  a  fine  fifteenth-century 
church,  with  remarkable  frescoes  on 
the  wall  of  the  sacristy.  The  next 
station  (4  m. ),  that  of  Roche  de  Rame^ 
is  the  starting  point  for  the  valley  of 
Freissinieres  (Rte.  L.  b).  Rama  was 
originally  a  Roman  settlement,  and 
was  ruined  in  the  thirteenth  century 
by  an  inundation  of  the  Durance, 
and  abandoned  by  its  inhabitants, 
though  the  mediaeval  castle  was  not 
destroyed  till  1768,  a  small  chapel 
alone  now  marking  the  site  of  this 
unfortunate  village.  The  inhabitants 
moved  to  La  Roche,  on  the  other 
bank  of  the  Durance.  The  strange 
red  rocks  at  the  entrance  of  the 
Freissinieres  glen  will  attract  the  notice 
of  the  traveller.  The  railway,  which 
before  Roche  de  Rame  had  crossed  to 
the  left  bank  of  the  Durance,  runs 
over  a  stony  plain  with  fine  views  of 
snowy  summits  of  the  Pelvoux  and 
its  neighbours,  on  the  N.W. ,  while 
nearer  at  hand  on  the  left  is  the  pre- 
cipitous rock  on  which  is  built  the 
fortress  of  Montda?tphin,  below  which 
is  (5  m.  from  Roche  de  Rame)  the 
station  of  Montdatipkin-Guillestre. 
Montdauphin  is  described  in  §  4.  Rte.  B. 

[For  the  many  passes  which  lead 
from  Guillestre  and  through  the 
Queyras  valley  to  the  valleys  of  the 
Ubaye,  the  Varaita,  the  Po,  the  Pel- 
lice,  the  Germanasca,  and  the  Dora 
Riparia,  see  §  3.  Rte.  B  ;  §  4.  Rtes. 
A  and  B  ;  §  5.  Rtes.  A  and  D ;  and 
§  6.  Rte.  B-J 

Almost  immediately  after  leaving 
the  station  the  Durance  is  crossed 
to  its  right  bank,  which  is  followed 
as  the  valley  bends  gradually  to 
the  S.W.  The  openings  of  the 
Couleau  and  Rabious  valleys  on  the 


ROUTE  Q.    BRIANCON  TO  GRENOBLE  BY  GAP  181 


left  are  passed,  through  which  passes 
lead   to   Dormillouse   and  Orcieres 
(Rte.  L),  and  whose  torrents  cause 
great  damage  in  the  Durance  valley. 
io|m.  from  Montdauphin  is  the  station 
of  Embrun,  a  famous  historical  city. 
As  Rburodunu m  it  was  after  the  time 
of  Diocletian  the  capital  of  the  Roman 
province  of  the  '  Alpes  Maritime,' 
while  it  became  a  bishop's  see  as 
early  as  the  middle  of  the  fourth  cen- 
tury, when   the   original  cathedral 
was  built  by  St.  Marcellinus.  The 
archbishop  obtained  extensive  tempo- 
ral power  by  grant  in  1147  from  the 
Emperor  Conrad  III.,  and  was  one 
of  the  chief  rulers  of  these  regions. 
But  the  see  was  suppressed  in  1791. 
The  chief  attraction  of  Embrun  to-day 
is  its  splendid  Cathedral  Churchy  the 
greater  part  of  which  dates  from  the 
end  of  the  twelfth  century,  while  the 
choir  stalls  are  of  the  fifteenth  cen- 
tury.   Externally  its  principal  feature 
is  the  striking  N.  porch,  called  the 
Real  (Porta  Regalis),  as  above  the 
doorway  there  was  formerly  a  cele- 
brated fourteenth-century  fresco,  re- 
presenting the  Adoration  of  the  Magi, 
which  for  many  centuries  drew  hither 
hosts  of  pilgrims,  but  was  mutilated 
by  the  Huguenots  in  1585.  Readers  of 
Sir  W alter  Scott  will  recall  the  con- 
nection of  Louis  XI.  with  Embrun, 
and  from  his  time  the  King  of  France 
was  the  senior  canon,  the  archbishop 
being  the  second.    The  organ  was 
given  by  Louis  XI. ,  but  its  case  was  re- 
stored in  the  eighteenth  century.  Near 
the  Cathedral  is  the  twelfth-century 
Tour  Brune,  which  forms  part  of  the 
archiepiscopal  palace,  now  used  as 
Government  buildings.     The  seven- 
teenth-century   fortifications   of  the 
little  city,  which  is  mainly  defended 
by  the  high  rock  on  which  it  is  built, 
were  destroyed  about  1882,  when  the 
railway  was  made.    In  1585  Embrun 
was  taken  and  sacked  by  the  Hugue- 
nots under  Lesdiguieres,  and  again 
taken  by  the  Duke  of  Savoy  in  1692. 
A  number  of  Church  councils  have 
been  held  in  Embrun,  which  is  now 
a  small  town  living  on  the  memory  of 


its  former  importance,  but  well  deserv- 
ing the  attention  of  the  traveller  in- 
terested in  history  or  architecture. 
(For  the  routes  to  Barcelonnette  and 
Orcieres  see  §  3.  Rte.  A,  and  Rte. 
L,  end,  above. ) 

The  line  continues  on  the  right 
bank  of  the  Durance,  passing  op- 
posite the  Boscodon  glen,  in  which 
the  church  of  the  great  twelfth-cen- 
tury abbey  of  Boscodon  (suppressed  in 
the  eighteenth  century)  still  survives, 
and  the  village  of  Savines  (5  m. ), 
opposite  the  opening  of  the  Reallon 
ravine,  and  under  the  shadow  of  the 
strange  and  remarkable  summit  of  the 
Morgon  (2,336  m.,  7,664  ft.),  acces- 
sible from  Savines  in  5-6  hrs.  4  m. 
further  is  the  station  of  Prunieres 
(for  the  way  to  Barcelonnette  see  §  3. 
Rte.  A),  where  the  line  leaves  the 
valley  of  the  Durance,  about  3 \  m. 
above  its  junction  with  the  Ubaye. 
I  The  Durance  valley  is  only  regained 
by  the  railway  to  Marseilles  at  Sis- 
teron,  30  m.  from  Veynes,  which  is 
30.^  m.  from  Prunieres. 

On  leaving  Prunieres  the  line  soon 
turns  W. ,  and  mounts  steeply  by  several 
tunnels  and  a  viaduct  over  mountain 
slopes  scored  by  ravines  torn  by  wild 
torrents  to  (4m.)  Cliorges,  the  ancient 
capital  of  the  Caturiges.  Roman  in- 
scriptions and  remains  have  been 
found  on  the  site  of  the  old  town, 
which  was  rather  above  the  more 
modern  village,  and  was  destroyed  in 
the  eleventh  century.  4  m.  beyond, 
the  line,  passing  through  more  level 
country,  reaches  the  station  of  La 
Bdtie  Neuve-le-Laus.  Hence  a  road 
leads  S.W.  to  the  celebrated  seven- 
teenth-century pilgrimage  resort  of 
Notre- Davie  du  Laus,  where  (as  at 
La  Salette  two  centuries  later)  a  shep- 
herdess is  said  to  have  been  favoured 
by  a  vision  of  the  Blessed  Virgin. 
The  country  becomes  more  and  more 
smiling  as  the  train  nears  (6  J  m. ) 

Gap  (742  m. ,  2,434  ft. ),  a  small  city 
of  about  10,500  inhabitants,  which  is 
the  capital  of  the  Department  of  the 
Hautes  Alpes.  It  was  called  Vapin- 
tum  in    Roman   times,  and  was  a 


DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  9. 


PELVOUX  DISTRICT 


station  on  the  Roman  road  from  Aries 
to  Briancon,  as  well  as  a  bishop's  see 
from  the  sixth  century,  if  not  earlier. 
It  suffered  much  during  the  Huguenot 
wars  between  1562  and  1588,  and  at 
the  hands  of  the  Duke  of  Savoy  in 
1692.  Guillaume  Farel,  the  Re- 
former, was  born  in  1489  in  the 
neighbourhood,  and  preached  his 
doctrines  in  Gap  in  1522  and  1561, 
before  and  after  he  went  to  Switzer- 
land. The  city  has  many  narrow 
streets,  and  though  part  of  Dauphine 
since  1232,  has  many  characteristics 
of  a  Provencal  town.  Its  thirteenth- 
century  Cathedral,  which  had  suffered 
greatly  in  consequence  of  the  two  wars 
mentioned  above,  was  pulled  down  in 
1866  to  give  place  to  a  new  building. 
The  fine  seventeenth-century  sarco- 
phagus of  the  famous  Constable  Les- 
diguieres  was  in  1836  removed  from  his 
castle  at  the  entrance  of  the  Valgau- 
demar  (see  Rte.  O),  and  is  now  pre- 
served in  the  Prefecture  at  Gap.  It 
is  the  sole  object  of  interest  in  the  city, 
save  the  city  itself,  which  will  give  a 
very  good  idea  of  the  South  to  those 
who  do  not  know  what  it  is  like.  9  m. 
to  the  S.  is  the  fine,  though  ruined,  castle 
of  Tallard y  which  was  built  between 
the  fourteenth  and  early  sixteenth  cen- 
turies, but  was  burnt  in  the  campaign 
of  1692.  The  fifteenth-century  chapel 
is  nearly  intact,  and  forms  the  most 
interesting  portion  of  the  castle  ;  it 
is  in  the  Flamboyant  style,  and  was 
the  burial  place  of  the  lords  of  Tallard. 
The  lordship  of  Tallard  is  of  special 
historical  importance,  since  it  was  the 
last  bit  of  Provence  which  was  united 
(from  1232  onwards)  to  Dauphine,  to 
which  it  was  annexed  in  1503,  the 
limits  of  Provence  and  Dauphine 
being  thus  finally  fixed.  (For  the 
routes  from  Gap  to  Champoleon  and 
Orcieres  see  Rte.  L,  and  for  that  over 
the  Col  Bayard  in  24  m.  to  Corps, 
Rte.  P,  above. ) 

Beyond  Gap  the  line  climbs  again, 
and  passes  over  a  splendid  viaduct, 
52  m.  (171  ft.)  high,  before  reaching 
the  valley  of  the  Petit  Bu'ech  at  the  sta- 
tion of  La  Roche  des  Arnauds  (9  m.) 


Luxuriant  pastures,  due  to  the  work  in 
recent  years  of  the  '  reboisement  ' 
Commissioners,  alternate  here  with 
bare,  arid  mountain  slopes  (repre- 
senting the  ravages  caused  by  the 
grazing  of  too  many  sheep),  not 
yet  taken  in  hand  by  the  Commis- 
sioners. The  imposing  mass  of  the 
Pic  de  Bure  (2,712  m.,  8,898  ft.),  the 
culminating  point  of  the  Aurouse 
group,  soon  comes  in  sight,  and  can 
be  easily  ascended  in  7  hrs.  from  the 
next  station  ( 3 1  m. ),  Montmaur,  which 
is  also  the  starting  point  of  the  char 
road  over  the  Col  d'Agnieres  to  the 
desolated  region  of  the  Devoluy,  de- 
scribed in  the  preceding  Rte.  3^  m. 
beyond  Montmaur  is  the  important 
railway  junction  of  Veynts,  where 
the  lines  to  Marseilles  (1 21  m. ),  and 
by  the  Col  de  Cabre,  and  the  old 
Roman  city  of  Die  to  Livron  (73  m. 
in  6\  hrs. ),  on  the  main  P.  L.  M.  line, 
a  little  S.  of  Valence,  branch  off  from 
the  line  by  the  Col  de  la  Croix  Haute 
to  Grenoble,  with  which  we  are  here 
concerned.  Travellers  change  car- 
riages at  Veynes,  but  it  is  only  near  the 
next  station  (4  m. ),  Aspres  sur  Bu'ech  y 
that  these  two  lines  actually  part  off. 
Our  line  then  mounts  N.  along  the 
Bu  'ech  itself,  through  a  stony  and  deso- 
late region.  1  hr.  from  St.  Julien  en 
Beauchhie  ( 10  m. ) — the  name  is  really 
a  corrupt  form  of  Bue'ch,  and  has  no 
reference  to  fine  oaks,  as  might  be 
imagined— are  the  very  picturesquely 
situated  ruins,  in  a  magnificent  forest, 
of  the  twelfth-century  Carthusian 
monastery  of  Durbon,  which  are  well 
worth  visiting.  The  scenery  becomes 
more  and  more  barren  and  desolate, 
save  the  pastures  in  the  valley,  as  the 
train,  after  passing  the  village  of  Lus 
la  Croix  Haute  (10  m. ),  1,062  m., 
3,484  ft.,  at  the  entrance  to  the  upper 
Buech  or  Trabu'ech  valley  (for  the 
way  through  it  to  the  Grand  Ferrand 
and  the  Col  de  Charnier  to  Agnieres 
see  last  Rte. ),  mounts  steeply  to  the 
Col  de  la  Croix  Haute  (1,167  m-> 
3,829  ft. ).  Hence  there  is  a  fine  view, 
very  striking  by  reason  of  the  con- 
trast with  the  region  just  traversed, 


ROUTE  Q.    BRIANCON  TO  GRENOBLE  BY  GAP  183 


into  the  fertile  basin  of  the  Trieves. 
The  descent  into  the  Trieves  is  very 
rapid,  and  the  soil  is  of  so  treacherous, 
a  nature  that  great  difficulty  has  been 
encountered  in  carrying  the  line  down, 
these  slopes.  This  is  effected  by  a., 
long  series  of  tunnels,  viaducts,  em- 
bankments, &c. ,  though  when  land- 
slips occur  (no  infrequent  occurrence 
here  after  great  storms  or  heavy  rain) 
passengers  are  forced  to.  walk  soma  way 
from  one  train  to  another.  But  for  the 
reasons  given  the  descent  is  very 
striking  and  picturesque,,  especially  the 
view  of  the  basin  gained  after  passing 
the  station  of  St..  Maurice  en  Trieves 
(3  m. ).  6  m.  further,  under  the  sha- 
dow of  that  most  remarkable  sum- 
mit of  the  Mont  Aiguille  (2,097  m.*, 
6,880  ft.),  one  of  the  '  Seven  Won- 
ders '  of  Dauphine  is  the  station  of 
Clelles-Mens.  (For  a  notice  of  that 
peak,  of  the  way  from  Clelles  by  the 
Grand  Veymont  to  the  Vercors,  and 
of  the  road  from  Clelles  by  Mens  to 
Corps,  see  the  preceding  Rte. )  The 
line  beyond  Clelles  is  comparatively 
uninteresting.  9  m.  from  Clelles 
is  the  station  of  Monestier  de  Cler?nont> 
but  the  next,  St.  Martin  de  la  Cluze 
(6m.),  is  the  most  convenient  whence 
to  visit  (not  now  worth  the  trouble) 
the  Fontaine  Ardente  (the  result  of 
hydrogen  gas  issuing  from  cracks  in 
the  slaty  soil),  another  of  the  '  Seven 
Wonders'  of  Dauphine.  The  valley 
of  the  Drac  is  gained,  after  a  long 
tunnel  between  the  Gresse  and  Drac 
valleys  and  two  zigzags,  at  Vif  "(8  m. ), 
1  m.  from  which,  across  the  wide  bed 
of  the  Drac,  is  the  station  of  St.  Georges 
de  Commiers,  the  junction  for  the  most 
astonishing  mountain  railway  to  La 
Motte  (see  Rte.  N).  The  right  bank 
of  the  Drac  is  henceforward  followed, 
the  Romanche  being  crossed  near 
Vizille  station  (3  m. )  (for  the  route 
thence  to  Bourg  d'Oisans  see  §  8, 
Rte.  A),  and  the  Pont  de  Claix  station 
(4m.)  passed  before  entering  (5m.) 
Grenoble,  described  in  §  8.  Rte.  A. 


SECTION  10. 

GRA NDE  CHA R TRE USE  DIS TRIC T. 

In  the  previous  Sections  of  this 
Chapter  we  have  described  the  ranges 
lying  E.  and  S.  of  the  Graisivaudan 
valley,  or  middle  reach  of  the  Isere. 
To  the  W.  of  that  valley  there  are 
several  limestone  ridges,  which  en- 
close in  their  midst  the  famous  mo- 
nastery of  the  Grande  Chartreuse. 
These  rise  S.  W.  of  the  broad  depression 
in  which  stands  Chambery,  and  which 
therefore  separates  them  from  other 
limestone  ridges  extending  N.  towards 
the  valley  of  the  Arve.  Both  sets  of 
ridges  have  this  also  in  common,  that 
in  a  sense.,  they  are  the  outliers,  or 
the  outer  edge  of  the  lofty  Dauphine 
and  Tarentaise  Alps.  Chambery  is 
thus  the. natural  centre  of  this  region. 
But  as  the  ridges  S.W.  of  that  city 
are  most  conveniently  visited  from 
Grenoble  they  are  grouped  together 
in  this .  Section,  while  those  to  the 
N.  of  Chambery  are  described  in  the 
next  Section, 

Among  these  lower  ranges  W.  of 
the  Graisivaudan  there  are  many 
excursions,  full  of  novelty  and  inte- 
rest* and  open  to  those  who  prefer  to 
avoid  risk  and  great  fatigue.  They 
have  also  the  advantage  that  they  can 
best  be  made  early  or  late  in  the 
travel  season,  and  may  serve  thus  to 
open  or  close  a  journey  amid  the 
higher  snow-clad  summits.  There 
are  many  good  carriage  roads  and 
mule  paths  in  the  Grande  Chartreuse 
district,  while  the  accommodation  for 
travellers  has  been  greatly  improved 
of  late  years.  But,  save  the  monas- 
tery itself,  these  parts  have  been  as 
yet  but  little  visited  by  English 
tourists,  though  the  scenery  is  every- 
where agreeable,  and  even  striking, 
though  on  a  small  scale. 

The  main  routes  are  here  briefly 
indicated,  but  further  details  may  be 
found  in  Joanne's  guide-books  to 
*  Savoie  '  (1895),  to  the  '  Alpes  Dau- 


1 84   DAUPHINE  ALPS.  §  10.  GRANDE  CHARTREUSE  DISTRICT 


phinoises,'  vol.  i.  (iSoxy  ,  or  to  'Dau- 
phine5  (189S). 

In  order  to  bring  together  all  the 
ways  from  Grenoble  to  Chambery  it 
has  been  found  practically  convenient 
to  include  in  this  Section  the  railway 
line  and  road  on  either  bank  of  the 
Isere  through  the  Graisivaudan,  as 
well  as  the  more  roundabout,  but 
picturesque,  routes  by  Aiguebelette 
and  the  Col  du  Mont  du  Chat. 


Route  A. 

CULOZ    TO  CHAMBERY  BY   AIX  LES 
"BAINS.     LAKE  OF  BOURGET. 

Rail  in  1  nr.  (23  m.)  past  Aix  les  Bains 
(14  m.) 

Culoz  is  probably  best  known  to 
most  travellers  as  one  of  the  chief  I 
railway  junctions  in  the  S.W.  portion 
of  the  Alpine  chain. 

[It    is,  however,    also    the  best 
starting  point  for  the  ascent  of  the 
Mont    Colombier  (1,534  m.,   5,033  ; 
ft. ),  easily  gained  in  4  hrs.  from  the 
station,    and   commanding   an    ad-  , 
mirable  view  of  the  Alps  of  Savoy, 
with  the  lakes  of  Bourget,  Annecy,  I 
and  Geneva,  which  on  the  W.  side 
extends  to  Lyons  and  the  mountains 
of  the  Ardeche.3 

The  line  from  Paris  (347  m.)  by  j 
Macon  and  Amberieu,  and  from  Lyons  1 
(63  m.)  by  Amberieux,  runs  in  from 
the  W.,  while  that  from  Geneva  (42 
m. )  comes  from  the  N.  down  the 
valley  of  the  Rhone. 

The  line  to  Chamber}',  and  thence 
by  Modane  (61  m. ),  to  Turin  (64J  m. 
more),  crosses  the  Rhone  by  a  long 
iron   bridge,    and  is    then    carried  j 
S.E.   across  the    marshy  tract  that  ! 
separates  that  river  from  the  Lake  of  ; 
Bourget.     It  is  here  apparent  that,  ; 
within    a   period  geologically  very 
recent,  and  perhaps  since  this  region 
was  inhabited  by  man,  the  waters  of 
the  Lake  of  Bourget  extended  over  a  j 
large   area   on   either   side   of   the  I 


Rhone  ;  while,  in  the  opposite  direc- 
tion, they  reached  to  Chambery,  and 
perhaps  even  to  the  valley  of  the 
Isere.  About  4  m.  from  Culoz 
the  railway  attains  the  N.  shore 
of  the  lake,  close  to  the  station  of 
Chindrietix,  above  which  rises  on  the 
W.  the  isolated  hillock  on  which 
stands  the  castle  of  Chdtillon.  Thence 
to  Aix  les  Bains  the  line  is  carried 
along  the  E.  shore  of  the  lake,  pass- 
ing by  four  tunnels  under  as  many 
rocky  promontories,  but  in  the  inter- 
vals between  them  commanding  very 
beautiful  views  of  the  lake  and  of  the 
range  of  the  Mont  du  Chat.  Near 
the  S.  end  of  the  lake  the  railway 
crosses  a  fertile  plain  in  order  to  gain 
(14  m.  from  Culoz) 

Aix  les  Bains,  one  of  the  most 
frequented  and  agreeable  watering- 
places  on  the  Continent. 

The  mineral  waters  of  Aix  have 
been  known  for  at  least  18  centuries, 
and  are  now  annually  visited  by  thou- 
sands of  strangers  (though  many  come 
to  this  fashionable  resort  for  reasons 
other  than  ill-health),  without  count- 
ing the  neighbouring  country  people. 
The  position  of  the  place,  amidst  the 
undulating  and  richly-cultivated  slopes 
that  intervene  between  the  Bauges 
mountains  and  the  lake,  is  too  low 
(258  m.,  846  ft.)  and  warm  to  suit  a 
mountaineer,  but  offers  to  visitors, 
whether  they  use  the  waters  or  do 
not,  a  variety  of  interesting  excur- 
sions, for  the  most  part  very  easy 
indeed. 

(a)  Grand  Revard.  —  The  indis- 
pensable excursion  from  Aix  is  the 
ascent  of  this  point  (1,545  m.,  5,069 
ft. ),  one  of  the  summits  which  bounds 
on  the  E.  the  plain  in  which  Aix  is 
situated.  It  is  now  reached  by  a 
funicular  railway  in  ij  hr.  from  Aix 
past  Mouxy.  The  station  is  about 
100  ft.  below  the  summit,  on  which 
are  two  inns,  open  in  summer.  The 
Revard  is  one  of  the  best  points  for  a 
view  over  the  lake  and  the  surround- 
ing country.  From  the  top  of  the 
Revard  it  is  possible  to  make  a  tra- 
verse (much  recommended)  along  the 


ROUTE  A.    CULOZ  TO  CHAMBERY  BY  AIX  LES  BAINS  185 


edge  of  the  cliffs  in  2  hrs.  to  the 
Dent  du  Nivolet,  above  Chambery. 

(b)  Abbey  of  Hautecombe.  —  A 

visit  to  this  famous  house  should  not 
be  omitted  by  any  one  staying  at  Aix. 
It  stands  on  the  steep  W.  shore  of 
the  lake,  about  5  miles  N.W.  of  Aix, 
and  is  reached  by  steamer  in  about 
^  hr.  Founded  in  1 125  as  a  Cis- 
tercian monastery,  it  has  been  for 
inany  centuries  the  burial-place  of  the 
princes  of  the  House  of  Savoy,  and 
was  specially  reserved  to  them  at  the 
time  of  the  annexation  of  Savoy  to 
France  in  i860.  It  was  secularised 
in  1792,  but  in  1824  the  King  of 
Sardinia  bought  the  ruins,  and  caused 
the  present  building  (in  questionable 
taste)  to  be  raised  as  a  restoration. 
It  is  now  occupied  by  Cistercians 
once  more,  who  are  charged  with  the 
care  of  the  tombs,  many  of  which  are 
interesting,  and  deserve  notice  as 
works  of  art,  though  most  of  them 
have  been  restored. 

(c)  The  Lake,  and  the  Dent  du 
Chat. — The  chief  natural  attraction 
of  which  Aix  can  boast  is  the  beauti- 
ful Lake  of  Bourget,  which  may  well 
vie  with  many  others  of  greater  cele- 
brity, and  affords  scope  for  numerous 
pleasant  excursions.  Reduced  to  less 
than  half  its  original  dimensions  by 
the  detritus  carried  down  by  the 
Rhone  at  the  northern,  and  by  the 
Leisse  at  the  southern,  extremity,  it 
is  at  present  about  10  m.  in  length, 
with  an  average  breadth  of  3  m.  ;  its 
area  is  28  m.,  and  its  greatest  depth 
145  m.  (476  ft.)  Its  W.  shore  is 
bounded  by  the  long  and  steep  ridge 
of  the  Mont  du  Chat,  which  is  the 
connecting  link  between  the  outer 
ranges  of  the  Savoy  Alps  and  the 
chain  of  the  Jura.  The  height  of 
this  very  uniform  ridge  exceeds 
3,500  ft.,  but  just  opposite  Aix  there 
is  a  well-marked  depression,  the  Col 
du  Mont  du  Chat  (638  m.,  2,093  )> 
across  which  a  carriage  road  leads  to 
Yenne  (Rte.  E),  7  m.  on  the  other 
side  of  the  Col.  Immediately  to  the 
S.  of  the  Col  rises  a  bold  craggy  peak, 
the  Dent  du  Chat  (1,400m.,  4,593  ft.), 


whence  a  very  fine  view  is  obtained. 
The  prettiest  way  thither  is  to  cross 
the  lake  in  an  hour  to  Bourdeau 
(which  has  a  most  picturesquely- 
situated  old  castle),  and  thence  mount 
to  the  Col  by  a  mule  path  in  f  hr. 
Another  way  is  to  drive  from  Aix  to 
Le  B  our  get,  at  the  S.  end  of  the 
lake,  and  thence  follow  the  good 
mule  path  in  rather  over  an  hour  to 
the  Col.  The  easiest  way  is  to  drive 
on  from  Le  Bourget,  and  to  ascend 
by  the  great  zigzags  of  the  old  main 
road  from  Chambery  to  Lyons  to  the 
Col  (4  m.  from  Le  Bourget,  which  is 
7  m.  from  Chambery,  or  6  m.  from 
Aix).  Here  there  is  an  inn.  The 
view  from  the  Col  is  very  extensive, 
and  will  well  reward  those  who  can- 
not achieve  the  rest  of  the  ascent, 
though  these  persons  are  recom- 
mended to  follow  the  road  over  the 
pass  for  7  min.  to  a  quarry,  and  then 
to  take  a  path  to  the  1.  which  leads 
in  10  m.  more  to  the  summit  of  a 
grassy  mound. 

From  the  Col  there  are  two  ways 
up  the  Dent.  One  is  to  take  a  path 
just  on  the  Aix  side  of  the  pass, 
which  leads  in  \  hr.  to  a  pretty 
meadow,  whence  it  continues,  turning 
all  the  teeth  on  the  ridge,  to  the 
highest  summit  ( I  \  hr. )  Another  is 
to  descend  a  little  on  the  Yenne  side 
of  the  Col,  then  to  take  a  path  to  the 
1.  to  the  Yacherie  (§  hr. ),  whence  an 
ill-marked  track  leads  in  somewhat 
over  an  hour  to  the  foot  of  the  last 
peak,  which  is  climbed  by  stone 
steps,  guarded  by  an  iron  railing,  on 
the  lake  side  of  the  peak  (2  hrs. 
from  the  Col).  The  highest  point 
appears,  from  a  distance,  to  be  quite 
inaccessible,  and  it  is  hard  at  first  to 
see  how  it  can  be  scaled. 

The  distance  from  Aix  to  Cham- 
bery is  9  m.  The  approach  to  the 
capital  of  Savoy,  through  the  broad 
valley  which  separates  the  mountains 
of  the  Grande  Chartreuse  group  from 
those  of  the  Bauges,  abounds  in  fine 
points  of  view.  To  the  former  group 
belong  the  Mont  Grelle  (1,426  nr., 
4,679  ft. )  on  the  S.W.,  and  the  Mont 


i86  DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  10.  GRANDE  CHARTREUSE  DISTRICT 


Granier  (1,938  m.,  6,358  ft.)  due  S., 
while  to  the  N.  E.  the  Dent  du  Nivo- 
let  (^553  m->  5^95  ft-)?  an  advanced 
bastion  of  the  Bauges,  presents  a  very- 
bold  front. 

Chambery  (269  m.,  883  ft.)  is  a 
cheerful  little  city  of  21,000  inhabit- 
ants, now  reduced  from  its  former 
rank  as  the  capital  of  the  duchy  of 
Savoy  to  that  of  the  chief  town  of  the 
department  of  the  same  name,  and  so 
the  residence  of  a  prefect.  The  slopes 
of  the  hills  in  the  neighbourhood, 
covered  with  villas  and  gardens,  give 
it  an  air  of  wealth  and  importance, 
to  which  the  interior  of  the  city 
scarcely  corresponds. 

Of  the  numerous  excursions  to  be 
made  hence  the  most  frequented  is 
that  to  Les  Charmettes,  well  known 
to  the  readers  of  the  '  Confessions  ' 
of  J.  J.  Rousseau  (about  -J-hr.'s  walk). 
The  house  and  garden  have  been  kept 
nearly  in  the  same  state  as  in  his 
time.  To  the  lover  of  nature  a  more 
interesting  walk  is  that  to  the  Bout 
du  Monde,  at  the  base  of  the  Dent  du 
Nivolet.  It  is  reached  in  an  hour 
along  either  bank  of  the  Leisse  tor- 
rent ;  the  path  turns  aside  towards 
the  N.  at  the  opening  of  the  gorge  of 
the  Doria,  a  stream  which  descends 
through  a  cleft  between  the  Dent  du 
Nivolet  and  the  ChafTardon. 

A  somewhat  longer  expedition  is  to 
the  Abtmes  de  Myans,  some  lakes 
which  owe  their  origin  to  a  great  fall 
in  1248  from  the  Mont  Granier. 
They  are  best  visited  from  the  station 
of  Chignin-Les  Marches  (6  m.),  and 
are  therefore  described  in  the  next 
Rte. 

The  ascent  of  the  Dent  du  Nivolet 
(1,553  m.,  5,095  ft.)  is  best  made  by 
following  the  carriage  road  towards 
Le  Chatelard  (§11.  Rte.  C.  1 )  as  far  as 
Les  Deserts  (9m.),  whence  easy  paths 
lead  up  the  E.  slope  of  the  moun- 
tain in  \\  hr.  to  the  summit,  crowned 
by  a  huge  cross,  which  is  very  con- 
spicuous from  Chambery.  The  direct 
way  from  Chambery  is  very  steep. 
The  view  is  not  equal  to  that  from 
the  Dent  du  Chat.    For  other  excur- 


sions in  the  chain  of  the  Bauges,  see 
§  11.  Rtes.  A,  C,  and  D,  for  that 
to  Allevard  §  8.  Rte.  F.  for  that  to 
the  Mont  Granier,  Rte.  C,  below,  and 
for  those  to  Grenoble  by  the  Grande 
Chartreuse  or  Aiguebelette,  see  Rtes. 
D  and  E,  below. 


Route  B. 

GRENOBLE    TO    CHAMBERY   BY  THE 
LEFT  BANK  OF  THE  ISERE. 

M. 


Domene  ....  7 

Brignoud  .       .       .  .12 

Tencin   .  .       .       .  .16 

Goncelin  .       .       .  .19 

Pontcharra  .       .       .  .26 

Montmelian  ....  30^ 

Chignin-Les  Marches     .       .  33 

Chambery  .       .       .       .  39 


Rail  in  about  2  hrs. 

On  leaving  Grenoble  the  line  is 
carried  nearly  due  E.,  avoiding  the 
banks  of  the  Isere,  which  here  follows 
a  very  sinuous  course.  On  the  oppo- 
site bank  many  villages  and  hamlets 
are  seen,  perched  upon  a  sort  of 
terrace  running  along  the  middle 
height  of  the  mountain  range  that 
extends  from  the  Mont  Rachais  to 
the  Mont  Granier,  but  these  are  in- 
visible from  the  high  road  on  the  right 
bank  of  the  river.  At  Gieres  (4m.), 
where  there  are  many  pretty  villas, 
the  road  crosses  the  Sonnant  torrent, 
descending  from  Uriage.  (For  Uriage 
and  the  Belledonne,  see  §  8.  Rte.  I. ) 
The  next  village  is  Domlne,  on  the 
Domenon  torrent,  one  of  the  chief 
torrents  descending  from  the  Belle- 
donne, which  may  be  reached  direct 
from  here  (§  8.  Rte.  I).  The 
Domenon  supplies  abundant  water 
power,  which  is  applied  to  various 
industrial  purposes.  At  Domene  are 
the  ruins  of  a  church  belonging  to  a 
Cluniac  monastery,  destroyed  during 
the  Revolution,  and  a  short  distance 
off  is  a  bridge  leading  to  the  right 


ROUTE  B.    GRENOBLE1  TO  CHAMBERY  187 


bank  of  the  Isere.  3  m.  further 
on  is  Lancey,  where  the  line  crosses 
a  powerful  torrent  descending  from 
the  Lac  du  Crozet  (1,968  m. , 
6,457  ft.),  which  lies  under  the  peak 
of  the  Grande  Lance  de  Domene 
(2,813  m-j  9>229  ft-)  On  the  right 
is  seen  a  fine  chateau,  belonging  to 
M.  Du  Boys,  which  commands  an 
admirable  view  of  the  valley  of 
G-raisivaudan,  as  that  of  the  Isere  is 
called  between  Grenoble  and  Mont- 
melian. 16  m.  from  Grenoble,  after 
passing  Brignoud,  is  Te?ici?t ;  from  the 
former  village  the  Col  de  la  Coche 
leads  over  to  the  Sept  Laux,  from  the 
latter  the  Col  du  Merdaret  to  the 
Allevard  valley.  (For  both  see  §  8. 
Rte.  G. )  In  the  grounds  of  a  chateau 
at  Tencin,  belonging  to  M.  de  Mon- 
teynard,  the  representative  of  one  of 
the  oldest  families  in  this  part  of 
France,  there  is  a  gorge  abruptly 
barred  across  by  a  wall  of  rock.  This 
spot,  called  the  Bout  du  Monde,  is 
often  visited  by  strangers.  Near 
Goncelin  is  the  suspension  bridge 
over  the  Isere  leading  to  Le  Touvet. 
3  m.  farther  on  is  Goncelin,  a  larger 
scattered  village,  the  lower  part 
of  which  was  utterly  destroyed  by  a 
waterspout  in  1827.  A  country  road 
leads  hence  in  7  m.  to  the  Baths  of 
Allevard,  but  most  travellers  bound 
for  Allevard  will  prefer  to  continue  in 
the  train  for  7  m.  more  to  Pont- 
charra, whence  a  steam  tramway  now 
runs  up  in  9  m.  to  Allevard  (see  §  8. 
Rte.  F).  Pontcharra  is  close  to  the 
junction  of  the  Breda  with  the  Isere. 

[About  a  mile  from  the  village 
are  the  remains  of  the  Chateau  de 
Bayard,  the  birthplace  (1476)  of  the 
illustrious  Chevalier  Bayard.  Though 
in  sadly  neglected  condition  the  place 
deserves  a  visit.  The  offices  serve  as 
a  farmhouse,  and  but  one  of  the  three 
floors  which  composed  the  main  build- 
ing now  remains.  Between  the 
chateau  and  the  village  is  the  hamlet 
of  Avalon,  the  birthplace  in  1 1 35  of 
the  celebrated  St.  Hugh  of  Lincoln.  J 

The  line  from  Pontcharra  to  Mont- 
melian is  very  beautiful,  lying  chiefly 


among  orchards,  with  the  fine  range  of 
the  Mont  Granier,  on  the  opposite  side 
of  the  valley,  full  in  view.  Montmelian 
(30 J  m.  from  Grenoble)  was  once 
famous  as  one  of  the  strongest  for- 
tresses in  Europe,  being  to  Savoy 
what  Barraux,  nearly  opposite,  was  to 
France.  It  was  demolished  after 
Louis  XVI.  took  it  in  1691.  The 
present  importance  of  Montmelian  is 
as  the  junction  of  the  line  from 
Grenoble  with  that  (§  7.  Rte.  A) 
from  Modane  (52  m.  distant).  The 
line  now  turns  N.W.,  and  passes  the 
station  of  Chignin-Les  Marches,  be- 
fore reaching  Chambery  (6  m.  be- 
yond). This  is  the  best  point  whence 
to  visit  the  Abimes  de  Myans,  about 
I  m.  off.  Several  small  lakes,  lying 
in  the  midst  of  conical  hillocks,  have 
attracted  the  attention  of  geologists 
since  the  time  of  Saussure.  It  appears 
certain  that  both  hillocks  and  lakes 
owe  their  origin  to  a  great  bergfall 
from  the  neighbouring  peak  of  the 
Mont  Granier.  This  took  place  in 
the  night  of  November  24-25,  1248. 
Many  villages  were  overwhelmed  by 
it,  and  5,000  persons  are  credibly 
stated  to  have  perished  in  it.  M. 
Ferrand  has  given  the  history  of  this 
dreadful  catastrophe  in  an  article 
published  in  vol.  ix.  of  the  '  Annu- 
aire  5  of  the  French  Alpine  Club,  and 
therein  narrates  the  legends  which 
have  gathered  round  the  pilgrimage 
chapel  of  N.  D.  de  Myans  (now  sur- 
mounted by  a  great  gilt  cross),  which 
stands  at  the  further  end  of  the  berg- 
fall. 


Route  C. 

GRENOBLE  TO   CHAMBERY   BY  THE 
RIGHT  BANK  OF  THE  ISERE. 

Though  most  travellers  will  doubt- 
less go  from  one  of  these  places  to 
the  other  by  the  railway  on  the  left 


i88  DAUPHINE  ALPS.  §  10.  GRANDE  CHARTREUSE  DISTRICT 


bank  of  the  Isere,  yet  it  is  worth 
while  to  describe  briefly  the  high 
road  along  the  right  bank,  as  it  com- 
mands by  far  the  finest  views  of  the 
neighbouring  Alps.  The  distance  to 
Chambery  is  about  35  m.  A  railway  is 
to  be  constructed  along  this  bank  also. 

The  road  leaves  Grenoble  by  the 
Porte  St.  Laurent,  at  the  N.  end  of 
the  town,  and  winds  along  the  base 
of  the  67.  Eynard,  a  long  ridge  which 
bounds  the  valley  on  this  side,  and  is 
frequently  visited  by  the  botanists  of 
the  neighbourhood.  After  passing 
Montbomiot,  a  picturesque  village, 
surmounted  by  a  ruined  castle,  the 
range  of  Belledonne  comes  well  into 
view  to  the  E.,  and  is  the  most 
striking  feature  in  the  fine  panorama 
which  is  almost  everywhere  dis- 
covered in  this  part  of  the  Graisi- 
vaudan  valley.  2  m.  beyond  Mont- 
bonnot  (7  m.  from  Grenoble)  is 
St.  Ismier,  a  village  at  the  foot  of  the 
highest  part  of  the  St.  Eynard 
(1,359  m.,  4,459  ft.) 

[Hence  a  foot  path  mounts  in  zig- 
zags in  a  N.  direction  up  the  slopes 
of  the  St.  Eynard  to  the  slightly 
marked  depression  of  the  Col  de  St. 
Ismier — called  Col  du  Fraitar  on  the 
French  map — whence  the  pedestrian 
descends  by  the  Herbetan  valley  to  St. 
Pierre  de  Chartreuse,  gained  in  5  hrs. 
from  St.  Ismier.  About  1  m.  from 
St.  Ismier,  on  the  road  towards  Cham- 
bery, a  char  road  detaches  itself  at  the 
hamlet  of  Les  Eymes,  after  crossing 
the  Manival  torrent,  and  mounts  by  a 
series  of  very  picturesque  zigzags  in 
4  m.  to  the  village  of  St.  Panc7-asse. 
A  good  mule  path  leads  hence  nearly 
due  N.  to  the  broad  opening  of  the  Col 
des  Ayes,  ijhr.,  whence  it  descends 
through  the  Perquelin  ravine  to  St. 
Pierre  de  Chartreuse,  2  hrs.  St. 
Pierre  is  3  m.  from  the  monastery  by 
a  road  which  descends  to  the  main 
high  road  from  Grenoble  over  the 
Col  de  Porte.  From  the  Col  des 
Ayes  the  ascent  of  the  Dent  de 
Crolles,  or  Petit  Som  (2,066  m., 
6,779  ft.  )j  the  second  highest  summit 
of  the  district,  may  be  made — past 


the  Trou  du  Glaz,  a  deep  natural 
cavern — in  2  hrs.  by  way  of  a  gully 
in  the  cliffs  dividing  the  lower 
pastures  from  the  extensive  upper 
plateau  which  forms  the  summit  of 
mountain,  whence  there  is  a  magni- 
ficent view.  J 

2|  m.  from  St.  Ismier  is  Bernin, 
on  the  stream  of  the  same  name, 
which,  when  full,  forms,  near  Cra- 
ponoz,  one  of  the  most  picturesque 
waterfalls  in  Dauphine.  Lumbin  is 
about  3  m.  farther  on,  Crolles,  which 
gives  its  name  to  the  overhanging 
peak  of  that  name,  being  passed  on 
the  way.  Several  other  small  vil- 
lages and  hamlets  are  passed  before 
reaching  (4m.)  Le  Touvet,  a  large 
village,  near  which  a  suspension 
bridge  leads  over  the  Isere. 

[The  ridge  to  the  W. ,  called  Haut 
du  Seuil,  or  Aup  du  Seuil  (1,817  m-> 
5,961  ft.),  may  be  reached  hence  in 
5  hrs.,  and  commands  a  magnificent 
view  of  the  Graisivaudan  valley  and  of 
the  ranges  of  the  Dauphine  Alps. 
Near  the  summit  is  a  very  curious  am- 
phitheatre, resembling  on  a  small 
scale  the  cirques  of  the  Pyrenees. 
From  the  Haut  du  Seuil  a  descent  may 
be  made  in  4  hrs.  to  St.  Pierre  d'En- 
tremont,  past  the  Sources  of  the  Guiers 
Vif.J 

3  m.  beyond  Le  Touvet  is  La 
Buissiere,  lying  at  the  foot  of  the 
ridge  of  the  Alpette  (1,841  m. , 
6,040  ft. ),  a  portion  of  the  almost 
continuous  range  which  extends  from 
the  St.  Eynard  to  the  Mont  Granier, 
and  which  everywhere  commands 
noble  views  of  the  High  Alps.  The 
Col  de  Valefroide  leads  across  the 
Alpette  ridge  in  7  or  8  hrs.  from 
Le  Touvet,  or  La  Buissiere,  to  St. 
Pierre  d'Entremont  (see  Rte.  D. 
below).  Less  than  a  mile  beyond 
La  Buissiere  the  new  road  to  Cham- 
bery turns  to  the  right,  passing  be- 
tween the  Fort  of  Barraux  and  the 
Isere.  The  Fort  stands  on  a  rock 
130m.  (427  ft.)  above  the  river,  and 
is  separated  from  the  village  of  the 
same  name,  on  the  lower  slopes  of 
the  Alpette,  by  a  little  col,  or  saddle, 


ROUTE  C.    GRENOBLE  TO  CHAMBERY 


189 


over  which  the  old  road  was  carried. 
A  third  way,  recommended  to  pedes- 
trians,  passes  to  the  1.  of  the  old 
road  through  the  picturesque  village 
of  Barranx  (2  m.  from  La  Buissiere). 
The  three  roads  unite  about  I  m. 
farther  on,  passing  a  few  hundred  j 
yards  to  the  right  of  the  village  of 
Chapareillan  ( 5  m.  from  La  Buissiere), 
which  stands  near  the  foot  of  Mont 
Granier. 

[Of  all  the  mountain  excursions  in 
the  outer  ranges  of  the  Savoy  Alps, 
there  is  none,  perhaps  not  even  the 
Dent  du  Chat  (Rte.  A),  so  inte- 
resting and  agreeable  as  the  ascent 
of  the  Mont  Granier.  From  4  to 
4|  hrs.  are  required  for  the  climb 
from  Chapareillan,  and  about  3  hrs. 
for  the  return.  Though  only  1 ,938  m. 
(6,358  ft.)  above  the  sea,  the  upper 
part  of  the  mountain  is  quite  alpine, 
and  the  panorama  admirable,  and  not 
surpassed  by  that  from  the  Dent  du 
Chat.  The  excursion  may  be  easily 
made  from  Chambery,  and  is  recom- 
mended to  those  who  are  approaching 
the  South  Savoy  or  Dauphine  Alps  j 
from  that  city.  To  avoid  wrong  paths 
in  the  forest  it  is  expedient  to  take  a 
guide.  The  way  usually  followed 
passes  the  hamlet  of  La  Palud  (where 
a  guide  may  be  engaged),  \  hr.  above 
Chapareillan.  For  \  hr.  farther  the 
way  lies  over  marshy  meadows,  and 
then  through  a  forest,  in  which  de- 
ciduous  trees  ultimately  give  place  to 
pines.  After  a  rather  steep  ascent 
the  track  passes  a  shepherd's  hut,  and 
then,  after  following  for  some  way  a 
path  across  which  the  shepherds 
place  a  gate  in  summer  to  prevent 
the  cattle  from  going  too  far— hence 
the  name  of  this  route,  Pas  de  la 
Porte — the  traveller  soon  gains  the 
highest  plateau  of  the  mountain,  com- 
posed of  calcareous  rock,  traversed  by 
a  system  of  fissures  much  resembling 
glacier  crevasses.  This  is  called  a 
4  lapiaz, '  or  a  '  Karrenfeld. '  There 
are  two  paths  hence  to  St.  Pierre 
d'Entremont  in  4  hrs.J 

A   mile    beyond    Chapareillan  a 
Stream    is    crossed  which  formerly  I 


marked  the  frontier  between  Dau- 
phine and  Savoy,  and  2  m.  further 
the  traveller  reaches  the  village  of 
Les  Marches.  Hence  the  excursion 
to  the  Abimes  de  Myans  (formed 
by  a  bergfall  from  the  Mont  Granier 
in  1248),  described  in  the  last 
Rte.,  may  be  best  made.  Cham- 
bery is  reached  from  here  either  by 
road  (7  m. )  or  by  rail  (6  m. ),  passing 
through  very  pleasing  scenery  (§10. 
Rte.  A). 


Route  D. 

GRENOBLE  OR  CHAMBERY  TO  THE 
GRANDE  CHARTREUSE. 

The  celebrated  monastery  of  the 
Grande  Chartreuse  stands  in  about 
the  centre  of  the  range  of  limestone 
mountains  that  extend  along  the  right 
bank  of  the  Isere  between  Grenoble 
and  Montmelian.  It  is  one  of  the 
few  great  monastic  establishments 
that  have  survived  the  revolutions  of  * 
the  last  century.  Remaining  nearly 
in  its  original  state,  and  with  the 
primitive  severity  of  its  discipline 
unrelaxed,  it  still  presents  a  living 
image  of  the  institutions  which  had  so 
great  a  part  in  forming  the  religious, 
intellectual,  and  social  condition  of 
Europe  during  the  long  period  be- 
tween the  invasions  of  the  barbarians 
and  the  diffusion  of  printing.  The 
interest  naturally  attaching  to  the 
building  is  much  enhanced  by  the 
beauty  and  singularity  of  the  scenery 
which  surrounds  it.  It  is  true  that 
since  railways  and  tramways  have 
begun  to  cany  holiday-seekers  from 
Lyons,  Grenoble,  Chambery,  and  Aix 
to  St.  Laurent  du  Pont,  and  that  a 
good  road  (alas  !  soon  to  give  way  to 
a  tramway)  has  been  carried  up  to  the 
very  gate  of  the  monastery,  those  who 
come  here  intending  for  a  moment  to 
revert  from  the  present  to  the  past  are 
liable  to  unexpected  disenchantment. 
Such  persons  should  choose  for  their 
visit  the  season  of  early  winter,  early 
summer,  or  late  autumn,  when  the 


190  DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  10.  GRANDE  CHARTREUSE  DISTRICT 


community,  then  relatively  undis- 
turbed by  visitors,  have,  in  addition 
to  the  severity  of  their  rule,  to  struggle 
against  the  rigour  of  the  climate. 
The  lover  of  nature  may  always  find 
greater  tranquillity  by  approaching 
the  monastery  by  some  of  the  nume- 
rous foot  paths  leading  thither,  avoid- 
ing the  frequented  carriage  roads. 

As  intimated  in  the  Introduction 
to    §    II.    the   mountains    of  this 
range  are,  on  the  one  hand,  unmis- 
takeably   connected  with   the  Alps 
through  the  parallel  range  of  Belle  - 
donne,  while,  on  the  other,  they  are 
linked  to  the  Jura  by  the  ridge  of 
the  Mont  du  Chat.    Although  much 
bolder  and  more  imposing,  the  scenery 
has  perhaps  more  of  the  character  of 
the  Jura  than  of  the  Alps.    As  in  the 
former  range,  the  general  outline  is 
very  uniform,  and  the  summits,  which, 
in  truth,  are  rather  ridges  than  peaks, 
all  lie  nearly  within  the  limits  6,300- 
6,800  ft.    The  highest  is  the  Chame- 
chaude  (2,087  m->  °;847  ft.),  the  next 
the    Dent    de    Crolles   (2,066  m., 
6,779  ft.),  followed  by  the  Grand 
Som  (2,033  m. ,  6,670  ft.),  and  the 
Mont  Granier  (1,938  m.,  6,358  ft.) 
(The  first  and  third  of  these  are  de- 
scribed below,  the  others  in  Rte.  C. ) 
But   this  outward   uniformity  gives 
place  to  great  variety  and  boldness  of 
scenery  in  the  interior  of  the  valleys, 
which  are  for  the  most  part  clefts  of 
variable  width,  •  walled  in  by  steep 
rocks,  often  quite  precipitous.  The 
whole  district  is  traversed  by  paths 
not  seldom  intricate  and  misleading, 
and  the  mountaineer  who  may  sup- 
pose  that   among    ranges  of  such 
moderate  height  no  especial  precau- 
tion is  necessary  is  warned  that  local 
knowledge  is  more  needed  here  than 
in  the  higher  regions  of  the  Alps.  In 
the  valleys,  even  where  the  path  does 
not  lie  through  pine  forest,  the. view 
is  generally  much  restricted,  while 
from  the  upper  ridges  a  precipice  of 
more  than  1,000  ft.  in  depth  is  often 
not  suspected  until  the  traveller  has 
reached  its  very  verge. 

A  detailed  account  of  the  many 


routes  that  traverse  this  range,  and 
of  the  numerous  excursions  that  may 
be  made  from  the  Grande  Chartreuse, 
scarcely  enters  into  the  plan  of  this 
book.  The  more  interesting  of  them 
are  alone  briefly  noticed  here.  For 
further  details  consult  M.  Henri 
Ferrand's  excellent  '  Guide  a  la 
Grande  Chartreuse 5  (2nd  edition, 
1889^,  and  the  same  writer's  superbly 
illustrated  work  6  Les  Montagnes  de 
la  Grande  Chartreuse '  (Grenoble, 
1898),  or,  for  a  more  general  ac- 
count, Joanne's  6  Alpes  Dauphinoises  ' 
(1890),  vol.  i.  Rte.  22.  For  an  au- 
thentic and  most  interesting  account 
of  the  monastery  and  its  history  see 
4  La  Grande  Chartreuse  par  un  Char- 
treux  '  (first  issued  in  1881,  and  since 
much  enlarged,  6th  edition,  1896  ;  to 
be  had  at  the  convent). 

It  seems  most  convenient  to  de- 
scribe first  the  route  by  which  the 
monastery  is  most  commonly  reached 
from  Grenoble  or  from  Chambery 
(giving  an  account  of  the  house  itself 
under  this  head),  and  then  to  indicate 
the  other  chief  roads  or  paths  which 
lead  to  it,  either  from  Grenoble,  the 
ordinary  starting  place,  or  from 
Chambery.  Many  ways  can  thus  be 
taken  from  one  of  these  places  to  the 
other. 

1.  By  St.  Laurent  du  Pont.— This 

village  is  now  easily  reached  from 
Grenoble  or  Chambery  by  railway, 
and  the  new  steam  tramway. 

(a)  From  Grenoble. — Rail  to  Voi- 
ron (16  m.  in  35-50  min.),  thence 
by  steam  tram  to  St.  Laurent  (12  m.  , 
i-ii  hr.) 

Voiron  is  a  station  on  the  main 
line  from  Grenoble  to  Lyons  by  St- 
Andre  le  Gaz.  Thence  the  new  tram 
line  runs  E.  to  St.  Etienne  de  Crossey> 
and  then  passes  through  the  very  pic- 
turesque gorge  of  Crossey,  1  m.  long. 
Near  its  upper  end  falls  in  the  direct 
carriage  road  from  Grenoble  by  way 
of  Voreppe  and  the  Col  de  la  Placette 
(18  m.)  (From  that  col  a  walker 
can  go  direct  to  the  monastery  by  the 
Pas  de  la  Misericorde,  and  the  Gra?ide 
Sure,  1,924  m.,  6,312  ft.,  command- 


ROUTE  D.    GRENOBLE  TO  THE  GRANDE  CHARTREUSE  191 


ing  a  fine  panorama,  in  10-12  hrs. ) 

St.  Joseph  de  Riviere  is  a  short  dis- 
tance beyond,  and  it  is  3  m.  more 
to  St.  Laurent. 

(b)  From  Chambery. — There  are 
two  routes  hence. 

(i.)  By  St.  Beron. — Rail  to  St. 
Beron  (15  m.,  55  min. ),  and  steam 
tram  on  past  Les  Echelles  to  St. 
Laurent  (9  m.,  50  min.)  The  line 
from  Chambery  is  the  same  as  that  to 
Pont  de  Beauvoisin  (Rte.  E)  as  far 
as  St.  Beron.  It  mounts  W.  to  the 
station  (7  m.)  of  the  Cascade  de  Coziz, 
near  which  is  a  pretty  waterfall,  50  m. 
(164  ft.)  in  height.  It  then  pierces 
the  Mont  de  1'Epine  by  a  tunnel  of 
3,000  yds.,  in  order  to  reach  Aigue- 
belette  \i\  m. ),  burrows  under  another 
lower  ridge  to  attain  Lepin  (2J  m.), 
having  passed  along  the  shore  of  the 
Lake  of  Aiguebelette  between  the  two, 
and  then  turns  S.  W.  to  gain  St.  Beron 
(3m.)  Hence  starts  the  new  steam 
tramway  which  runs  through  the  savage 
gorge  of  Chatties  to  Les  Echelles  (5 
m. ),  and  then  up  the  wide  valley  of 
the  Guiers  Mort  to  St.  Laurent  (4m.) 

(ii. )  By  the  Col  de  Couz.—  Rail  to 
the  Cascade  de  Couz  station  (7  m.), 
thence  high  road  to  Les  Echelles 
(II  m.),  which  (as  above)  is  4  m. 
by  steam  tram  from  St.  Laurent. 

The  ridge  of  the  Mont  du  Chat  is 
to  some  extent  continuous  with  that 
of  the  Grande  Chartreuse,  and  though 
diminished  in  height  it  serves  to 
form  a  barrier  between  the  basin  of 
Chambery  and  the  plains  of  France. 
The  lowest  point  of  this  barrier  is 
near  Les  Echelles,  but  the  natural 
difficulties  of  the  passage  were  such 
that  until  the  completion  of  the  new 
road  and  tunnel,  in  1 8 14,  the  longer 
and  steeper  pass  of  the  Mont  du  Chat 
was  the  route  ordinarily  followed  be- 
tween France  and  Savoy.  From 
Chambery  the  road  to  the  Cascade  de 
Couz  (3  m.  less  than  by  rail)  follows 
the  upward  course  of  the  Hiere,  which 
flows  from  the  S.W.  The  basin  of 
Chambery  gradually  contracts  until 
at  St.  Thibaud  de  Couz  (2  m.  from 
the  Cascade  staton)  the  road  fairly 


enters  the  defile  leading  to  the  pass, 
between  the  Mont  Grelle  (1,426  m., 
4,679  ft.),  belonging  to  the  range  of 
the  Mont  du  Chat,  and  the  Rocher  de 
Corbelet  (1,416m.,  4,646  ft. ),  directly 
connected  with  the  Grande  Chartreuse 
group.  After  about  4  m.  of  gentle 
ascent  the  road  reaches  the  summit  of 
the  Col  de  Couz  (625  m.,  2,051  ft.), 
the  village  of  St.  Jean  de  Couz  lying 
a  short  distance  on  the  left.  The 
descent  commences  through  a  natural 
cleft  in  the  limestone  rock,  until  the 
road  enters  (2  m. )  a  tunnel  308  m. 
( 1 ,01 1  ft. )  in  length,  pierced  from  1804 
to  1 8 14  by  order  of  Napoleon.  At 
the  opposite  end  a  remarkable  view 
suddenly  presents  itself.  The  tunnel 
has  been  bored  through  a  great  wall 
of  limestone,  and  at  its  W.  end  issues 
at  a  great  height  above  the  valley  of  the 
Guiers,  which  is  backed  by  the  higher 
mountains  of  the  Grande  Chartreuse 
range.  After  descending  part  of  the 
way  towards  Les  Echelles,  the  appar- 
ent impossibility  of  carrying  a  road 
across  the  formidable  wall  of  rock 
that  bars  the  passage  is  more  striking 
than  from  above. 

[The  ancient  route  lay  in  part 
through  a  cavern,  which  was  at  the 
same  time  the  bed  of  a  stream,  and 
which  was  reached  on  the  W.  side  by 
ladders  fixed  to  the  rocks.  In  1670 
Charles  Emmanuel  II.,  duke  of 
Savoy,  achieved  the  construction  of  a 
new  road,  passable  for  chars  ;  though 
long  abandoned,  it  still  exists,  very 
rough  and  difficult,  and,  like  the  re- 
markable cavern,  is  worth  a  visit  en 
passant.  The  way  starts  from  the 
tunnel-keeper's  house  at  the  E.  end 
of  Napoleon's  tunnel.  The  whole 
.  story  of  these  old  tracks  has  been 
well  told  in  an  interesting  volume 
published  at  Chambery  in  1887  by 
MM.  J.  Martin-Franklin  and  L. 
Vaccarone,  under  the  title  of  6  Notice 
Historique  sur  Pancienne  Route  de 
Charles  Emmanuel  II  et  les  Grottes 
des  Echelles. 'J 

3  m.  from  the  W.  end  of  the  tunnel 
is  the  village  of  Les  Echelles,  which 
derives  its  name  from  the  ladders  that 


192   DAUPHINE  ALPS.  §  10.  GRANDE  CHARTREUSE  DISTRICT 


gave  access  to  the  above-mentioned 
ancient  passage.  The  village  stands 
on  the  r.  or  Savoy  bank  of  the  Guiers 
Vif,  which  just  below  unites  with  the 
Guiers  Mort,  these  two  streams 
draining  the  larger  portion  of  the 
Grande  Chartreuse  range  ;  the  village 
opposite,  on  the  1.  or  Dauphine  bank 
of  the  Guiers  Vif,  is  called  Enire 
Deux  Guiers. 


The  new  tramway  in  1897  was 
not  open  beyond  St.  Laurent  du 
Pont.  From  this  place  a  good  car- 
riage road  leads  up  to  the  monastery 
( 5 \  m. ),  but  those  who  have  time  are 
strongly  recommended  to  walk  (2hrs. ), 
as  the  beauties  of  the  route  repay 
leisurely  examination.  The  road 
follows  the  Guiers  Mort.  In  I  m. 
there  is  passed  on  the  r.  the  exten- 
sive buildings  in  which  the  manu- 
facture of  the  famous  liqueur  is 
carried  on.  These  are  called  Four- 
voirie,  the  name  coming  from  '  forata 
via,'  as  just  beyond  begins  the  road 
pierced  by  the  monks  to  facilitate 
access  to  their  home.  A  gate  (de- 
stroyed in  1856)  formerly  barred  the 
road  here,  and  thus  held  guard  over 
all  communication  between  the  mo- 
nastic inhabitants  of  the  '  Desert '  and 
the  outer  world.  The  narrow  cleft 
that  allows  the  Guiers  Mort  to  escape 
from  its  mountain  birthplace  thus 
affords  the  only  easy  access  to  the 
retreat  which,  for  so  many  centuries, 
has  been  inhabited  by  the  followers 
of  St.  Bruno.  For  an  hour  the  road 
is  carried  along  the  left  bank  of  the 
Guiers  Mort  through  scenery  which, 
if  not  of  the  grandest  character,  is 
wild  and  impressive  and  well  wooded. 
At  the  Pont  St.  Bruno  (2  m.  from 
Fourvoirie)  the  stream  is  crossed,  and 
the  new  road  (built  1854-6)  begins. 
The  work  presented  considerable 
engineering  difficulties,  and  involved 
the  construction  of  four  tunnels  ;  but, 
whatever  other  advantages  it  may 
possess,  it  has  certainly  deprived  the 
monastery  of  a  portion  of  the  charm 
which  it  formerly  owned  over  the 


imagination  of  the  poet  and  the 
artist.  It  soon  passes  a  bold  rocky 
needle,  the  (Eillette,  40m.  (131  ft.) 
high,  and  now  crowned  by  a  great 
cross.  Beyond  the  fourth  tunnel  the 
gorge  widens,  and  soon  (4 J  m.  from 
St.  Laurent)  the  road  passes  opposite 
the  Pont  St.  Pierre^  over  which  comes 
the  road  from  St.  Pierre  de  Char- 
treuse. It  then  turns  gradually  to 
the  left,  quitting  the  Guiers  valley, 
and  mounts  towards  the  N.  till  it 
enters  an  upland  basin,  in  great  part 
clothed  with  pine  forest,  and  over- 
hung on  the  E.  side  by  the  wall-like 
precipices  of  the  Grand  Som. 

In  the  centre  of  this  solitude,  at  a 
height  of  977  m.  (3,205  ft.),  stands 
the  pile  of  buildings  which  form  the 
monastery.  In  this,  the  parent  house 
of  the  Carthusian  order  (founded  here 
in  1084  by  St.  Bruno  of  Cologne),  the 
original  rule  is  observed  in  all  its 
severity.  The  monks  never  eat  meat, 
and  their  diet  is  at  all  times  of  the 
most  frugal  kind  ;  they  rise  at  10  or 
11  p.m.  (according  to  the  season)  for 
Mattins,  which  last  2  hrs.  at  least, 
and,  as  a  rule,  only  leave  their  cells 
twice  in  the  daytime  for  High  Mass 
and  Vespers.  Their  lives  are  passed 
between  the  church  and  manual 
labour  in  their  cells,  which  are  really 
little  houses  two  stories  high,  with  a 
small  garden  attached.  Below  there 
are  a  wood-house  and  a  workshop  ; 
above,  a  sitting-room  and  a  bedroom 
(and  oratory),  with  sometimes  a 
small  study  wedged  in  between. 
There  are  36  of  these  cells,  arranged 
round  the  great  cloister,  and  the  one 
now  marked  F  is,  by  tradition,  that 
formerly  occupied  (1160-I181)  by 
St.  Hugh  of  Lincoln.  Besides  the 
full  professed  monks  (all  priests) 
there  are  a  number  of  lay  brethren. 
Excepting  those  whose  office  requires 
intercourse  with  strangers,  they  never 
speak,  save  on  special  and  rare  occa- 
sions, such  as  Sundays  and  certain 
feast  days,  and  their  chief  recreation 
(besides  working  in  their  gardens  and 
study  of  books)  is  to  walk  within  the 
I  precincts  of  the  'Desert,'  near  the 


ROUTE  D.    GRENOBLE  TO  THE  GRANDE  CHARTREUSE  193 


monastery.  This  f  spaciment,'  or 
weekly  walk,  lasts  3  hrs.  or  so,  and 
conversation  is  then  permitted. 

Strangers  are  received  by  one  of 
the  lay  brethren,  and  four  times  a  day 
are  conducted  to  see  the  church  and 
the  rest  of  the  buildings,  and  are  also 
allowed  to  be  present  in  the  church 
during  the  offices,  in  the  tribune  at  the 
W.  end.  No  one  should  fail  to  go, 
for  some  time  at  least,  either  to 
Mattins  or  to  the  High  Mass,  as 
the  scene  is  extremely  impressive. 
Strangers  are  only  given  fish,  eggs, 
bread,  &c. ,  but  no  meat.  They  are 
lodged  in  special  ceils,  the  beds  being 
quite  clean,  though  rough.  Without 
special  permission  no  one  is  allowed 
to  remain  more  than  two  days,  and  a 
moderate  payment  is  made  by  each 
person,  according  to  a  fixed  tariff. 
It  should  be  particularly  borne  in 
mind  that  women  (save  sovereigns) 
are  not  admitted  into  the  monastery 
on  any  pretence  whatsoever.  They 
are  obliged  to  remain  in  a  building 
near  the  great  gate,  where  they  are 
cared  for  by  Sisters.  Many  persons 
now  prefer  to  stay  either  at  the  Hotel 
du  Desert  (2  m.  off)  or  at  the  H. 
Victoria  in  the  village  of  St.  Pierre 
de  Chartreuse  (3  m. )  itself  (see  2. 
below). 

The  scenery  surrounding  the  monas- 
tery is  fine  enough  to  make  the  place 
interesting,  apart  from  any  special 
religious  or  historical  associations. 
To  the  botanist  this  neighbourhood  is 
made  attractive  by  the  presence  of 
several  species  which  are  elsewhere 
rare,  or  quite  unknown  in  the 
Alps,  e.g.  Hypericum  nummulariumy 
Erijms  alpinus,  &c. 

The  most  interesting  excursion  for 
the  mountaineer  is  the  ascent  of  the 
Grand  Som  (2,033  m->  6,670  ft.), 
which,  despite  its  name,  is  only  the 
third  highest  point  in  the  group.  This 
involves  a  considerable  detour,  for 
every  short  cut  in  the  direction  of  the 
peak  leads  to  the  base  of  the  formid- 
able precipices  that  form  its  W.  face. 
Half  an  hour's  walk  from  the  convent 
along  a  char  road  is  the  chapel  of  N.  D. 

I. 


de  Casalihus  (on  the  site  of  the  original 
chapel  of  the  monastery),  and  10  min. 
beyond  is  the  Chapelle  de  St.  Brimo, 
on  a  great  rock,  this  being  the  spot 
where  St.  Bruno  built  his  first  chapeL 
The  Grand  Som  mule  path  turns  off 
just  before  the  first-named  chapel,  and 
mounts  through  the  fine  forest  to  the 
Bovinant  meadows  (2  hrs.  from  he 
convent).  Thence  either  the  foot  path 
by  a  rock  ledge,  or  a  direct  ascent  up 
the  wall,  then  along  the  ridge,  or  a 
roundabout  but  well-marked  route 
joining  the  ridge  higher  up,  lead  to  the 
summit  in  1  hr.  more.  The  view  is 
very  fine,  extending  from  Mont  Blanc 
to  Monte  Viso,  while  the  convent  is  in 
the  basin  at  the  feet  of  the  spectator. 
The  expedition  presents  great  variety 
of  scenery  within  comparatively  nar- 
row limits.  Among  other  interesting 
plants  the  botanist  will  observe 
Pote?itiiia  niiida. 

2.  From  Grenoble  by  Le  Sappey  and 
the  Col  de  Porte. — This  route  is  a 
good  carriage  road,  by  which  dili- 
gences take  5  hrs.  up  to  the  convent, 
and  3f  hrs.  down.  It  is  best  taken 
down  to  Grenoble,  and  is  here  so  de- 
scribed, as  it  is  the  route  usually 
chosen  for  the  return  from  the  monas- 
tery.   The  distance  is  18^  m. 

Just  below  the  convent  the  road 
leaves  that  to  Grenoble,  and  soon 
passes  the  buildings  called  the  Cor- 
rerie,  now  the  convent  farm,  and  a 
hospital  for  the  neighbourhood.  1  ni . 
further  on  the  road  traverses  the  Porte 
de  PEnclos,  and  leaves  the  'Desert,' 
and  another  mile  brings  us  to  the 
H.  du  Desert,  on  the  roadside.  It  is 
at  the  base  of  the  hillock  on  which 
stands  (1  m.  oft")  the  very  ancient 
village  of  St.  Pierre  de  Chartreuse, 
which  originally  gave  its  name  to  the 
infant  convent.  The  road  now  turns 
to  the  S. ,  and  7  m.  from  the  convent 
reaches  the  Col  de  Forte  (1,352  m. , 
4,436  ft.),  and  in  2  m.  more  the 
village  of  Le  Sappey. 

[From  the  high  road  the  ascent 
of  Chamechaude  (2,087  m.,  6,847  ft.), 
the  highest  summit  of  the  Chartreuse 
ranges,  may  be  made  in  2J-3  hrs. 

o 


194  DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  10.  GRANDE  CHARTREUSE  DISTRICT 


from  Le  Sappey.  The  view  is  natu- 
rally the  most  extensive  to  be  gained 
from  any  point  in  this  district.] 

From  Le  Sappey  the  descent,  over  a 
depression  between  the  Mont  Rachais 
and  the  St.  Eynard,  is  long,  and  for 
the  most  part  uninteresting,  though 
from  the  pass  itself  (3  m. ),  the  Col  de 
Vence  (752  m. ,  2,467  ft.  \  some  fine 
views  are  gained  over  the  Graisivaudan 
valley  and  the  higher  ranges  of  the 
Dauphine  Alps.  The  road  passes  by 
Corenc,  and  in  4  m.  from  the  Col  de 
Vence  enters  Grenoble  by  the  Porte 
St.  Laurent,  at  the  N.  end  of  the 
town. 

3.  From  Grenoble  by  the  Col  de  la 
Charmette.  —  This  way  is  most 
strongly  recommended  to  pedestrians, 
as  it  is  one  of  the  most  picturesque 
and  charming  approaches  to  the  con- 
vent. A  splendid  carriage  road 
leaves  Grenoble  by  the  Porte  de 
Erance  at  the  W.  end  of  the  town, 
and  leads  to  St.  Egreve  (4  m. ), 
which  is  connected  with  Grenoble  by 
a  service  of  public  vehicles  several 
times  a  day.  Hence  a  char  road 
mounts  N.E.  by  the  pretty  valley  of 
the  Vence  to  Proveysieux  ( 2  5  m. )  and 
Pomaray  (2  m. )  From  this  point 
there  are  only  foot  or  mule  paths. 
The  stony  track  soon  plunges  into 
fine  forests,  and  only  issues  from  them 
on  reaching  the  grassy  plain,  framed 
by  pine  woods,  which  forms  the  Col 
de  la  Charmette,  1,280  m.,  4,200  ft. 
(3  m.from  Pomaray).  Here  is  a  maiso?i 
forestiere,  where  accommodation  on 
hay  may  be  had  in  case  of  need. 
Hence  there  are  various  ways  by 
which  the  convent  may  be  gained. 
There  is  a  fine  carriage  road  which 
descends  past  (4  m. )  the  Chartreuse 
de  Currier e  (formerly  the  sanatorium 
of  the  great  monastery,  now  an  insti- 
tute for  deaf  and  dumb  persons)  to  the 
main  road  close  to  St.  Laurent  (7m.)  ; 
while  from  the  Tenaison  hut,  1  m. 
down  the  Curriere  road,  the  pedestrian 
may  cross  the  Col  de  la  Cochette  and 
reach  the  Correrie  (3  hrs.  from  Tenai- 
son) by  a  bridge  over  the  Guiers 
Mort.    The  preferable  way  is  to  go 


as  far  as  Curriere  by  the  road  (4m.), 
and  then  to  descend  by  a  mule  path 
straight  to  the  Pont  St.  Bruno  {\  hr. ), 
3J  m.  from  the  convent  (see  1.  above). 
This  direct  descent  through  the  woods 
is  very  beautiful,  and  brings  the  tra- 
veller to  the  convent  with  as  little 
intercourse  with  tourists  as  possible. 

4.  From  Chambery  by  St.  Pierre 
d'Entremont. — St.  Pierre  d'Entre- 
mont  (640  m.,  2,100  ft.)  is  a  village 
finely  situated  in  the  valley  of  the 
Guiers  Vif,  and  is  reached  in  8  m.  by 
high  road  from  Les  Echelles. 

[The  pedestrian  may  reach  it  by  seve- 
ral mountain  paths  direct  from  Cham- 
bery in  5-6  hrs.  The  most  interesting 
way  is  the  carriage  road  (15  m.) 
over  the  Col  du  Frene  (1,164  m-> 
3,819  ft.),  immediately  N.W.  of  the 
Mont  Granier  (1,938  m.,  6,358  ft.), 
the  ascent  of  which  (Rte.  C)  may  be 
included  in  the  day's  walk,  or  drive. 
From  St.  Pierre  an  interesting  excur- 
sion (4  hrs.  there  and  back)  may  be 
made  to  the  sources  of  the  Guiers  Vif. 
At  the  village  of  St.  Mime,  an  hour's 
walk  off,  it  is  necessary  to  take  a 
guide,  with  a  ladder  and  lights,  by 
which  to  gain  access  to  the  cavern 
whence  the  torrent  issues.  A  rough 
path  leads  thence  to  the  Col  de  Vale- 
froide,  whence  by  a  steep  and  difficult 
descent  La  Buissiere  or  Le  Touvet,  in 
the  Graisivaudan  valley,  may  be 
gained  in  6-7  hrs.  from  St.  Pierre.] 

A  mule  path  over  the  grassy  Col  de 
Bovina?it  (1,666  m.,  5,466  ft.)  leads 
from  St.  Pierre  to  the  convent  in 
4  hrs.,  while  a  carriage  road  runs 
over  the  Col  du  Cucheron  (1,081  m. , 
3,547  ft.)  to  St.  Pierre  de  Chartreuse 
(10  m. ),  3  m.  from  the  convent. 

5.  From  Chambery  by  the  Col  de 

la  Ruchere  This  is  a  longer  and  less 

striking  route  than  those  described 
above.  From  Les  Echelles  the  char 
road  along  the  Guiers  Vif  is  followed 
towards  St.  Pierre  d'Entremont  till, 
after  passing  through  the  Frou  tunnel, 
a  road  branches  off  a  mile  before  the 
Pont  de  Rioubrigoud  (5  m. ),  and 
mounts  S.  to  the  hamlet  of  La 
Ruchere  ( 1  m. )    Hence  an  ascent  of 


ROUTE  E.   CHAMBERY  TO  PONT  DE  BEAUVOISIN  195 


l£  hr.  by  a  mule  path  brings  the 
pedestrian  to  the  Col  de  la  Ruchere 
(1,400  m.,  4,593  ft.)?  which  com- 
mands a  very  fine  view  of  the  neigh- 
bouring mountains.  A  descent  of 
20  min.  leads  down  to  the  Vacherie, 
where  the  convent  cows  are  kept. 
J  hr.  farther  is  the  Chapelle  de  St. 
Bruno  (1.  above) ;  and  another  J  hr. 
(say  4f  hrs.  from  Les  Echelles)  con- 
ducts the  traveller  to  the  monastery 
itself. 

For  the  routes  from  St.  Ismier,  in 
the  Graisivaudan,  to  the  convent  by 
the  Col  de  St.  Ismier,  and  the  Col  des 
Ayes,  see  Route  C. 


Route  E. 

CHAMBERY  TO  LYONS  OR  GRENOBLE 
BY  AIGUEBELETTE  AND  PONT  DE 
BEAUVOISIN. 

Rail  in  1  hr.  to  Pont  de  Beauvoisin 

(19  m.),  and  in  h  hr.   more  to  St. 

Andre"  le  Gaz  junction  (8  m.) 
Longer  by  road  and  path  :  4  hrs.  to 

Aiguebelette  by  St.  Sulpice  (12m.), 

or  7  m.  by  the  Col. 

Between  the  Dent  du  Chat  (Rte. 
A),  and  the  way  from  Chambery  to 
Les  Echelles,  described  in  the  last 
Rte.,  the  prolongation  of  the  ridge  of 
the  Mont  du  Chat,  called  the  Mont 
de  PEfiine,  maintains  an  average 
height  of  about  4,000  ft.  On  the  W. 
side  of  the  watershed,  at  a  height  of 
about  500  or  600  ft.  above  the  level 
of  the  Guiers  and  the  Rhone,  is  an 
extensive  plateau,  the  southern  por- 
tion of  which  is  occupied  by  the  lake 
of  Aiguebelette.  The  direct  route 
from  Chambery  to  Pont  de  Beau- 
voisin and  St.  Andre  le  Gaz  lies  by 
the  shores  of  the  lake,  and  is  one  of 
the  many  agreeable  excursions  avail- 
able to  travellers  in  this  part  of 
Savoy.  A  railway  has  now  been  con- 
structed all  the  way,  but  leisurely 


travellers  do  well  to  follow  the  old 
road. 

(a)  By  Rail.— The  line  to  St. 
Andre,  as  far  as  St.  Beron  (15  m. ), 
is  described  in  the  last  Route  (under 
I.  b.  i.)  as  the  main  way  to  the  Grande 
Chartreuse  by  Les  Echelles.  The 
Mont  de  l'Epine  ridge  is  pierced  by 
a  long  tunnel.  Pont  de  Beauvoisin 
is  only  4  m.  by  rail  beyond  St.  Beron, 
and  thence  the  line  runs  due  W.  past 
Pressins  to  the  station  of  St.  Andre 
le  Gaz  (8  m. ),  which  is  on  the  main 
line  from  Grenoble  to  Lyons,  42  m. 
from  the  former  and  40  m.  from  the 
latter  town. 

(b)  By  Road. — Beyond  Cognin,  I  m.. 
from  Chambery,  a  foot  path  mounts 
in  40  min.  to  Vimines,  and  thence 
follows  a  very  rough  path,  impassable 
for  horses,  till  in  2\  hrs.  from  the 
city  it  attains  the  Col  d' Aiguebelette 
(848  m.j  2,782  ft.),  which  commands 
an  admirable  view  of  the  basin  of 
Chambery,  the  Lake  of  Bourget,  and 
the  ranges  of  the  Alps  of  Savoy. 

[The  Col  is  accessible  by  a  char 
road — the  line  of  the  ancient  Roman 
road — from  Chambery,  which  makes 
a  considerable  detour  to  the  N.  by 
(7m.)  the  village  of  St.  Sulpice ,  and 
— henceforward  a  mule  track  only — 
reaches  Lepin  in  12  m.  from  Cham- 
bery. From  St.  Sulpice  another 
road,  practicable  for  chars,  mounts 
by  zigzags  to  the  N.W.,  passes  the 
Mont  de  l'Epine  by  a  col  of  1,033  m- 
(3,389  ft. )  in  height, descends  to  (6  m. ) 
Novalaise — a  village  where  many 
Roman  medals  and  inscriptions  have 
been  found — thence  bears  due  N.  to 
MarcieuX)  and  follows  the  Flpn  tor- 
rent to  (10  m.)  Yenne,  on  the  Rhone, 
at  the  W.  base  of  the  Col  du  Mont 
du  Chat :  see  below.  ]] 

The  mule  track  descends  in  J  hr. 
from  the  Col  d 'Aiguebelette  to  the 
miserable  village  of  the  same  name. 
During  the  descent  the  road  com- 
mands very  pleasing  views  of  the 
Lake  of  Aiguebelette.  This  tranquil 
sheet  of  water  is  about  2\  m.  in  length, 
and  I  m.  wide  ;  on  the  shores  and 
upon  an  island  are  various  vestiges  of 

O  2 


196  DAUPHINE  ALPS.    §  10.  GRANDE  CHARTREUSE  DISTRICT 


the  Roman  occupation  of  this  district. 
A  low  ridge  is  crossed  by  the  char 
road  between  Aiguebelette  and  the 
equally  poor  village  of  Lepin  (about 
8  m.  from'  Chambery),  both  sur- 
rounded by  magnificent  walnut  trees. 
From  Lepin  the  road  follows  the  S. 
shore  of  the  lake,  and  thence  de- 
scends along  the  Tiers  torrent,  which 
drains  the  lake,  as  far  as  the  village 
of  La  Bridoire,  nearly  2  hrs.  from 
Aiguebelette.  To  reach  the  valley  of 
the  Guiers  it  is  now  necessary  to  de- 
scend a  deep  escarpment  of  limestone, 
which  is  a  continuation  towards  the 
N.  of  that  pierced  by  the  tunnel 
above  Les  Echelles.  The  main  road 
makes  a  circuit,  but  there  is  a  shorter 
foot  path,  which  descends  the  face  of 
the  rock  by  steep  and  narrow  ledges. 
From  the  base  of  the  rocks  the  route 
passes  through  a  rich  tract,  and  over 
a  low  wooded  hill  to  Domes  sin,  on 
the  high  road  from  Les  Echelles,  and 
about  \\m.  from  Pont  deBeauvoisin. 
This  is  a  small  town  astride  of  the 
Guiers  Vif.  That  stream  is  crossed 
by  an  old  bridge,  built  by  Francis  I., 
and  was  formerly  the  boundary  be- 
tween Dauphine  and  the  Savoy,  as  it 
is  now  between  the  departments  of 
the  Isere  and  of  Savoy. 

Those  who  have  come  hither  from 
Chambery  by  either  of  the  above 
routes,  or  by  way  of  Les  Echelles, 
may  prolong  an  agreeable  excursion 
by  taking  the  tramway  along  the  right 
bank  of  the  Guiers  to  (6m.)  St.  Genix 
cPAoste.  It  is  45  m.  direct  by  rail 
from  Lyons,  and  l\  m.  from  Aoste, 
once  an  important  Roman  station, 
near  the  junction  of  the  Guiers  with 


the  Rhone,  and  now  a  station  on  the 
railway  from  St.  Andre  le  Gaz  to 
Belley,  Aoste  being  12  m.  from  St. 
Andre,  and  14m.  from  Belley.  (Belley 
is  itself  only  9  m.  from  Virieu  le 
Grand,  on  the  main  line  between 
Culoz  and  Macon. )  From  St.  Genix 
a  road  is  carried  along  the  E.  or  1. 
bank  of  the  Rhone,  at  some  distance 
from  the  stream,  by  which  the  travel- 
ler reaches  (9m.)  La  Balme,  a  village 
lying  at  the  base  of  a  range  of  pre- 
cipitous rocks,  pierced  by  many 
grottoes,  or  balmes,  and  connected  by 
a  suspension  bridge  (on  the  site  of  an 
ancient  bridge,  probably  of  Roman 
origin)  with  the  opposite  bank  of  the 
Rhone.  Nearly  opposite  is  an  isolated 
rock,  about  170  m.  (558  ft. )  above  the 
river,  surmounted  by  the  Fort  of 
Pien-e  Chdtel.  The  original  building 
was  a  Carthusian  monastery  (founded 
in  1 381),  which  was  seized  at  the 
time  of  the  French  Revolution,  and 
has  since  served  as  a  prison  and  a 
fortress.  The  view  of  the  valley  of 
the  Rhone  from  the  hill  above  the 
fort  (about  I  hr. 's  walk)  is  extremely 
fine.  2  m.  from  La  Balme  is 
Yenne,  a  small  town  on  the  Rhone, 
which,  after  escaping  from  the 
marshes  near  Culoz  that  occupy  the 
depression  between  the  Mont  Colom- 
bier  and  the  Mont  du  Chat  (Rte.  A), 
flows  to  the  S.  along  the  W.  flank  of 
the  latter  ridge. 

Yenne  is  3  m.  from  the  Brens  sta- 
tion on  the  Belley  railway,  Belley 
being  but  2\  m.  from  Brens.  Yenne 
is  also  7  m.  from  the  Col  du  Mont  du 
Chat  (Rte.  A),  whereby  Chambery  is 
'   distant  18  m.  from  Yenne. 


197 


CHAPTER  IV. 
LOWER  SAVOY. 


Section  ii. 
annecy  and  albertville  district. 

Route. 

A.  Aix  les  Bains  to  Le  Chatelard.  The 

Bauges. 

B.  Annecy  to  Le  Chatelard. 

C.  Le  Chatelard  to  Chambery. 

D.  Le  Chatelard  to  Albertville. 

E.  Albertville  to  Annecy.      Lake  of 

Annecy. 


In  the  last  Chapter  the  ranges  lying 
S.  of  the  Mont  Cenis  railway  from 
Modane  to  Chambery  were  described 
in  detail.  Near  St.  Pierre  d'Albigny, 
1 5 J  miles  above  Chambery,  the  river 
Arc,  which  has  hitherto  been  the 
companion  of  the  railway  in  its  wind- 
ings, joins  the  Isere,  into  which  it 
flows  almost  at  right  angles,  the 
united  streams  then  running  S.  to 
Grenoble  through  the  Graisivaudan. 
N.  and  W.  of  the  junction  of  these 
two  rivers  are  a  number  of  parallel 
ridges  of  limestone,  with  intervening 
valleys,  broken  through  by  a  broad 
depression,  where  stands  Chambery, 
the  ancient  capital  of  Savoy. 

A  line  drawn  from  S.S.W.  to 
N.N.E. ,  between  Grenoble  and 
Sallanches,  through  the  valley  of  the 
Isere,  and  that  of  its  affluent,  the 
Arly,  marks  a  boundary  which 
appears  to  have  much  significance  in 
the  orography  of  this  portion  of  the 
Alpine  chain.  W.  of  that  line  many 
parallel  ridges  of  limestone,  rarely 
attaining  7,000  ft.  in  height,  form  a 
series  of  deep  trenches,  which  are  cut 
through,  but  not  at  right  angles,  by 
three  parallel  valleys.  These  are  the 
valley  of  Chambery,  that  of  the  Che- 


Route. 

F.  Annecy  to  Bonneville. 

G.  Annecy  to  Cluses  or  Sallanches.. 

H.  Annecy  or  Albertville  to  Sallanches 

or  St.  Gervais.    Mont  Joly. 

I.  Albertville  to  St.  Gervais   by  the 

Valley  of  Beaufort. 
K.  Albertville  to  Bourg  St.  Maurice  or 

Contamines  by  Beaufort. 
L.  Beaufort  to  Moutiers  Tarentaise. 


ran,  and  the  still  deeper  hollow  which 
is  occupied  by  the  Lake  of  Annecy 
and  the  valley  of  the  Eau  Morte. 
Although  there  are  clear  indications 
that  the  forces  which  have  given  their 
direction  to  these  western  ridges  have 
also  operated  on  the  adjoining  groups 
of  the  Tarentaise  and  Dauphine  Alps, 
it  would  appear  that  there  is  a  still 
closer  relation  between  the  former  and 
the  chain  of  the  Jura,  the  S.W.  ex- 
tremity of  which  is,  the  neighbouring 
department  of  the  Ain. 

Chambery  thus  stands  in  a  valley 
between  two  parallel  systems  of  lime- 
stone ridges.  On  its  W.  and  S.  are 
the  ranges  of  the  Dent  du  Chat  and 
of  the  Grande  Chartreuse,  both  of 
which  were  described  in  the  last 
Section.  Those  lying  N.  of  Cham- 
bery are  the  subject  of  the  present 
Section.  The  entire  district  abounds 
in  agreeable  scenery,  and,  as  it  is 
covered  by  a  network  of  carriage 
roads  and  mule  paths,  it  is  easily 
accessible  to  ladies  and  even  to  in- 
valids. 

Joanne's  6  Savoie  '  ( 1895)  is  the  best 
and  most  detailed  book  on  these 
regions. 


198  LOWER  SAVOY.    §  ti.  ANNECY  DISTRICT 


SECTION  ii. 

ANNECY  AND  ALBER  TVILLE 
DISTRICT. 

It  has  been  seen  in  the  last  Section, 
that  Chambery  stands  in  a  valley  be- 
tween two  parallel  systems  of  lime- 
stone ridges.    The  W.  system  is  di- 
rected first  to  the  N.,  then  to  the 
N.W.,  forming  ultimately  the  Jura 
range  ;  its  S.  or  Alpine  end  was  de- 
scribed in  the  last  Section.    The  E. 
system    forms   near   Chambery  the 
range  of  the  Bauges.    A  glance  at  a  j 
geological  map  will  show  that  this  is  | 
the   S.W.   extremity  of  a   zone  of 
Secondary  rocks  traversing  Savoy  and 
Switzerland  from  W.S.W.  toN.N.E., 
and  associated  with  Eocene  deposits 
which  lie  along  its  geometrical  axis, 
between  an  outer  fringe  of  Cretaceous 
and  Jurassic  rocks.    The  geological 
disposition  of  the  strata  here  corre- 
sponds in  a  general  way  with  the 
orographic  relations.    The  prevailing 
tendency  of  the  ridges  and  the  main 
valleys  is  parallel  to  the  general  strike 
of  the  strata,  but  the  whole  mass  is 
at  intervals  cut  through,  nearly  at 
right  angles,  by  deep  valleys,  often 
narrowed  to  mere  defiles.    Of  this 
character  is  the  defile  of  Magland, 
between  Cluses  and  Sallanches,  in  the 
valley  of  the  Arve,  which  forms  a 
natural  division  between  the  limestone 
mountains  of  the  Chablais  and  the 
Faucigny,  and  those  which  extend 
from  the  Arve  to  the  Lake  of  Annecy. 
These  are  separated  by  the  valley  of 
the   Arly  from  a  group  of  higher 
mountains,  chiefly  composed  of  crys- 
talline and  slaty  rocks,  which  form  a 
link  in  the  chain  connecting  Mont 
Blanc  with  Belledonne  and  the  Tail- 
lefer,  on  the  opposite  sides  of  the 
valley  of  the  Romanche.    This  group 
(Beaufort)    might   have   been  con- 
sidered as  a  S.W.   prolongation  of 
the  chain  of  Mont  Blanc  ;  but  if, 
following  the  example  of  most  geo- 
graphers, we  consider  the  latter  to  be 
limited  by  the  Montjoie  valley  and 


the  track  over  the  Col  du  Bonhomme, 
it  appears  most  convenient  (though 
not  strictly  included  in  the  title  of 
Lhis  Chapter)  to  unite  it  in  the  present 
Section  with  the  limestone  ranges  W. 
of  the  Arly. 

The  limits  of  the  region  described 
in    this    Section    are   therefore  as 
follows  :  on  the  S.  the  Isere,  from 
Bourg  St.  Maurice  to  its  union  with 
the  Arc,  near  St.  Pierre  d'Albigny  ; 
on  the  W.  the  railway  line  from  Cham- 
ber}'  through   Aix   les   Bains  and 
Annecy  to  Bonneville  ;    on  the  N. 
the    railway    in    the   Arve  valley 
from  Bonneville  to  near  St.  Gervais  ; 
and  on  the  E.  the  track  over  the  Col 
du  Bonhomme  from  the  Arve  valley 
to  Bourg  St.  Maurice.    Within  these 
limits   three  main  mountain  groups 
may    be    distinguished.  Between 
Chambery  and  Annecy,  with  its  lake, 
are  the  limestone  ridges  of  the  Bauges, 
(Rtes.  A,  B,  C,  and  D),  of  which 
I  Le  Cbatelard,  in  the  upper  Cheran 
valley,  is   the  natural  centre  for  a 
visitor.    Then  between  Annecy  and 
,  its  lake,  and  the  Arve  valley,  but  W. 
of  the  Arly,  there  is  the  second  lime- 
stone range  (Rtes.   F,  G,  and  H). 
This  is  most  easily  accessible  (from 
the    S.)   from    the   route  between 
,   Annecy   and  Albertville  (Rte.  E), 
while  Thones   is  the   most  central 
point  in  this  group,  as  the  ascents  of 
the  Tournette,  Charvin,   and  other 
i   agreeable  excursions  may  be  made 
therein.    E.  and  S.  of  the  Arly  and 
i   N.  of  the  middle  reach  of  the  Isere  is 
|   the  third  group,  the  non-limestone 
one  of  Beaufort  (Rtes.  I,  K,  and  L). 
i   The   country  surrounding  the  chief 
hamlet,  Beaufort  (sometimes  called 
\   St.  Maxime  de  Beaufort)  is  not  less 
interesting   than  that  of  the  other 
groups,  and  presents  a  striking  con- 
trast in  the  character  of  its  scenery, 
owing  to  the  different  nature  of  the 
rocks  which  there  prevail. 

Most  of  the  territory  included  jn 
this  Section  lies  in  that  portion  of 
Savoy  which  was  neutralized  in  1815 
\   (by  the  Congress  of  Vienna  and  the 
I   Treaty  of  Paris)  by  the  Great  Powers. 


ROUTE  A.    AIX  LES  BAINS  TO  LE  CHATELARD  199 


The  exact  division  is  marked  by  a 
line  to  be  drawn  from  the  S.  end  of 
the  Lac  du  Bourget(a  little  S,,  there- 
fore, of  Aix  les  Bains)  slightly- N. E. 
through  Lescheraines  (just  N.W.  of  Le 
Chatelard)  and  Faverges  to  Ugines 
(taking  in  this  town),  and  thence 
along  the  ridge  to  the  N.  of  the 
Hauteluce  glen  to  '  Les  Aiguilles 5 
(at  the  junction  of  this  ridge,  with 
that  coming  from  the  Mont  Joly), 
then  bending  S.  by  the  Col  Joly  to 
the  Col  du  Bonhomme,  and  then 
N.E.  along  the  watershed  of  the 
chain  of  Mont  Blanc. 

For  further  details  as  to  the  district 
described  below,  see  Joanne's  large  and 
accurate  'Savoie5  (1895),  and  also,  for 
the  Bauges  group,  a  monograph  by 
M.  Bartoli  in  vol.  xix.  of  the  '  Annuaire 
du  Club  Alpin  Francais. '  Though 
little  known  to  English  travellers, 
this  district  abounds  in  agreeable 
scenery,  and  is  full  of  interest  to  the 
naturalist  and  to  the  geologist. 


Route  A. 

AIX   LES  BAINS  TO  LE  CHATELARD. 
THE  BAUGES. 

As  stated  in  the  Introduction  to  this 
Chapter,  the  Bauges  mountains  (the 
highest  summit  of  which  is  the  Pecloz 
(2,260  m.,  7,415  ft.),  near  the  ruined 
monastery  of  Bellevaux,  Rte.  D)  con- 
sist of  a  series  of  parallel  ridges  run- 
ning from  N.  N.  E.  to  S.  S.  W. ,  bounded 
on  the  N.  by  the  Lake  of  Annecy  and 
the  valley  of  the  Eau  Morte,  and  on 
the  S.  by  the  basin  of  Chambery, 
while  they  are  cut  through  in  the 
midst  by  the  valley  of  the  Cheran. 
These  ridges  form  a  distinct  district, 
which  long  preserved  from  very  early 
times  its  own  peculiar  manners  and 
customs,  and  where  even  now,  with 
the  exception  of  an  occasional  natu- 
ralist, strangers  are  but  rarely  seen. 
Possessing  unusually  fine  pastures,  the 


district  abounds  in  cattle,  and  cheese 
is  the  chief  product.  Excepting  in 
the  chief  village,  Le  Chatelard,  the 
population  was  dispersed  in  small 
communities,  or  clans,  which  had  a 
system  of  internal  self-government 
essentially  republican ;  the  general 
manager,  the  head  dairy  woman,  and 
the  chief  herdsman  being  elected  by 
the  clan.  An  excursion  of  two  or  three 
days  from  Aix  or  Annecy  to  Le  Chate- 
lard, and  thence  by  one  of  the  passes 
that  lead  to  Chambery,  will  interest 
a  traveller  curious  to  observe  ever* 
the  last  traces  of  the  primitive  cus- 
toms of  a  secluded  people.  It  is  said 
that  within  recent  years  increased 
communication  with  the  outer  world 
has  greatly  modified  the  traditional 
existence  of  its  inhabitants. 

The  Bauges  form  a  great  highland 
plateau,  surrounded  by  a  rampart  of 
steep  rocks,  of  which  the  most  westerly 
bastion,  called  the  Dent  duNivolet,is 
well  seen  from  Chambery.  The  Cheran 
valley  alone  pierces  this  huge  ram- 
part, and  so  affords  the  easiest  means 
of  access  to  the  upper  plateau.  Many 
foot  passes  lead  over  the  edge  of  this 
plateau,  and  there  are  several  carriage 
roads  over  other  passes,  the  chief 
being  those  from  Aix  les  Bains  and 
from  Annecy.  The  former  runs  for 
the  greater  part  of  the  way  along 
the  Cheran,  and,  as  it  is  the  most 
picturesque  in  the  district,  it  is  de- 
scribed first.  Brief  notices  are  then 
given  of  some  foot  passes  from  Aix  to 
Le  Chatelard.  Probably  the  most 
direct  way  from  Aix  to  Le  Chatelard 
is  to  go  by  the  funicular  railway  from 
Aix  in  \\  hr.  to  the  top  of  the 
Grand  Revard,  1,545  m.,  5,069  ft. 
(§  10.  Rte.  A),  part  of  the  Montague 
de  la  Cluse,  just  E.  of  Aix,  and  then 
to  descend  S.E.  through  a  magnificent 
forest  to  the  Col  de  Planpalais 
(Rte.  C.  1),  and  so  by  Lescheraines 
to  Le  Chatelard  (3-J  hrs.  from  the 
Revard). 

1.  By  Cusy.  —  Carriage  road,  \%\ 
miles  (4  hrs.  driving).  The  road  runs 
N.  from  Aix  for  2J  m.  to  Gresy  sur 
Aix -(a  station  on  the  railway  to  An- 


,200 


LOWER  SAVOY.    §  11.  ANNECY  DISTRICT 


necy),  near  which  is  a  pretty  water- 
fall, one  cf  the  chief  resorts  of  the 
visitors  to  Aix.  Beyond  the  village 
the  road  gradually  ascends  in  a  N.E. 
direction  along  the  Sierroz  stream,  the 
wooded  gorge  becoming  narrower  and 
narrower,  to  an  undulating  plateau,  on 
a  hillock  in  which,  to  the  1.  of  the 
road,  stands  the  village  of  Cusy  (8  m. 
from  Aix).  To  the  N. ,  on  a  rock 
washed  by  the  Cheran,  are  the  exten- 
sive ruins  of  an  ancient  castle.  The 
road  now  makes  a  sharp  turn  to  the 
S.E.,  ascending  along  the  1.  bank 
of  the  Cheran.  On  the  opposite  bank 
are  seen  the  hamlet  of  Aiguebellette 
and  the  castle  of  St.  Jacques.  Here 
three  singular  peaks,  or  rather  obe- 
lisks of  rock  {Tours  St.  Jacques),  rise 
abruptly  from  the  valley,  standing  side 
by  side,  with  an  interval  of  but  a  few 
yards  between  them.  (Near  here  a 
side  road  crosses  the  Cheran  by  a  fine 
suspension  bridge,  Pont  de  PAbime) 
308  ft.  high,  to  the  road  from  Annecy 
byGruffy  to  Le  Chatelard,  Rte.  B.  1). 
The  road  is  still  carried  along  the  1. 
bank  of  the  Cheran  at  a  considerable 
height  above  the  river,  and  about  4  m. 
beyond  Cusy  passes  opposite  the 
village  of  A //eves.  12-J  m.  from  Aix 
the  Cheran  is  crossed  by  the  Pont  de 
Bauge,  built  next  to  an  ancient  bridge, 
said  to  be  of  Roman  date,  and 
thenceforward  it  keeps  to  the  r.  bank 
of  the  stream.  (Here  falls  in  the  road 
from  GrufTy  already  mentioned.  A 
branch  from  it  leads  in  8f  m.  from  the 
bridge  to  Alby,  which  is  5  m.  from 
Albens,  a  station  on  the  railway  from 
Aix  to  Annecy. )  ^  m.  beyond'  the 
bridge,  where  the  road  is  hemmed  in 
between  the  rocks  and  the  stream,  is 
the  entrance  (J  hr.  off)  to  the  Grotte 
de  Bange,  a  cavern  which  contains  a 
a  subterranean  lake,  about  220  fi.  be- 
low the  level  of  the  entrance,  and 
approached  by  a  gallery  about  800  ft. 
in  length.  The  lake  appears  to  be 
about  220  ft.  in  circumference.  Leav- 
ing on  the  1.  (14J  m.  from  Aix)  the 
road  from  Annecy  by  the  Col  de 
Leschaux  (Rte.  B.  1),  the  road  to  Le 
Chatelard  crosses,  by  the  Pont  de  la  > 


I  Char  mat,  the  torrent  descending  from 
I  that  pass,  leaves  on  the  r.  hand  a 
I  bridge  leading  over  the  Cheran  to  the 
I   hamlet  of  Lescheraines,  and  in  5|  m. 

from  the  Pont  de  Bange  reaches 
:  (18J  m.  from  Aix)  Le  Chatelard,  the 
chief  village  in  the  Bauges,  and  819  m. 
\  (2,687  ft-)  high.  It  is  composed  of  a 
I  single  long  street,  backed  by  a  steep 
j  escarpment  of  rock,  and  bathed  on 
three  sides  by  the  Cheran.  It  was  re- 
built after  the  disastrous  fire  of  1867, 
which  spared  only  the  church  and  a 
few  houses.  On  the  opposite  side  of 
the  valley  rises  the  steep  ridge  of  the 
Dent  de  Rossane  (1,910  m. ,  6,267  ft- )? 
and  to  the  S.E.  opens  the  picturesque 
upper  valley  of  the  Cheran.  Beyond 
the  church  and  the  cemetery  are  the 
shapeless  ruins  of  the  old  castle,  which 
stands  on  a  rock  above  the  village,  and 
commands  a  very  fine  view  of  the 
valley  and  of  the  surrounding  moun- 
tains. In  a  much  better  state  of  pre- 
servation is  the  Chateau  des  Entries, 
\  hr.  to  the  N.  The  chief  ascent  is 
that  of  the  Mont  Trelod  (2,186  m. , 
7,172  ft. ),  on  the  N. E. ,  which  may  be 
made  in  4  hrs.  by  way  of  Cul  du  Bois 
(Rte.  B.  3). 

2.  By  the  Col  de  Prabarno. — Mule 
path.  5 \  hrs. '  walking.  On  leaving 
Aixr  a  road  mounts  N.E.  till 
beyond  Montcel  it  becomes  a  mule 
path  by  which  the  village  of  St.  Of- 
fenge  dessus  is  reached  in  I  f  hr.  from 
Aix.  Thence  a  steep  and  stony  mule 
path  leads  up  E.  to  the  pass  ( 1 , 436  m. , 
4,711  ft.),  also  called  Colde  Pre  Bar- 
naud  (2J  hrs.  from  Aix).  It  com- 
mands a  fine  view  of  the  Lake  of 
Bourget  to  the  W. ,  and  of  the  Lake  of 
Annecy  to  the  N.  E.  The  path  from  the 
Col  winds  down  amidst  rich  pastures, 
passing  some  chalets  and  the  hamlet  of 
Montagny,  to  Arith  ( 1^  hr. ),  a  rather 
large  village  overlooking  the  valley  of 
the  Cheran.  A  steep  descent  leads 
to  a  bridge  over  the  lateral  stream  of 
St.  Francois  (descending  from  the  Col 
de  Planpalais  past  the  hamlet  of  Le 
Noyer,  Rte.  C.  1),  and  soon  after  (10 
min.  from  Arith)  to  the  Pont  de  Lesche- 
raines  over  the  Cheran,  beyond  which 


ROUTE  A.    AIX  LES  BAINS  TO  LE  CHATELARD  201 


the  road  from  Aix  by  Cusy  is  soon 
joined,  and  followed  for  3^  m.  to  Le 
Chatelard. 

3.  By  the  Col  de  la  Cochette.—Vn- 
interesting  mule  path.  5J-  hrs.  The 
Col  de  la  Cochette  (1,388  m. ,  4,554ft. ) 
is  a  notch  sharply  cut  into  a  rocky 
ridge,  and  is  about  \  m.  further  S. 
than  the  Col  de  Prabarno.  The  ap- 
proach to  it  on  both  sides  is  some- 
what longer  and  steeper.  From  Aix 
the  route  of  the  Col  de  Prabarno  is 
followed  to  St.  Offenge  dessus,  whence 
it  is  necessary  to  bear  S.  E.  past  several 
hamlets,  so  as  to  gain  the  Col  (3^  hrs. 
from  Aix),  the  deep  notch  of  which  is 
seen  from  the  neighbourhood  of  Aix. 
Descending  due  E.  the  path  of  the 
Col  de  Prabarno  is  joined  in  I  hr.  at 
Montagny,  and  followed  thenceforth. 

4.  By  the  Pas  de  la  Cluse. — Char 
road.  5|- hrs.  The  road  mounts  N.E. 
from  Aix,  and,  ultimately  ascend- 
ing through  a  wooded  ravine, 
attains  in  about  1  hr.  the  village  of 
Trevignin.  It  then  bears  to  the  r. 
round  the  N.  W.  end  of  the  Montagne 
de  la  Cluse  past  the  highest  hamlet, 
Decampoux.  Thence  it  winds  for  a 
considerable  distance  round  the  head 
of  the  glen  whose  torrent  joins  the 
Sierroz  below  St.  Offenge,  partly  over 
a  rocky  slope,  partly  through  woods. 
The  highest  point  is  passed  in  travers- 
ing a  ridge  of  rock  before  reaching  the 
pass.  (In  following  this  route  from 
Le  Chatelard  to  Aix,  it  is  necessary  to 
avoid  a  path  which  descends  the  glen 
towards  the  Sierroz,  as  that  involves  a 
considerable  detour. )  Nearly  3  hrs. 
from  Aix  are  required  to  reach  the 
Pas  de  la  Cluse,  a  depression  (1,450 
m. ,  4,757  ft.)  between  grass-grown 
rounded  knolls,  that  leads  into  the 
valley  of  Le  Noyer,  one  of  the  af- 
fluents of  the  Cheran.  A  few  minutes 
below  the  pass  is  a  chalet  with  a 
spring,  and  before  long  the  road  gains 
a  point  where  it  overlooks  the  valley 
of  Le  Noyer,  and  commands  a  fine 
view  of  the  principal  ridges  of  the 
Bauges.  Exactly  opposite  is  the  ridge 
of  the  Mont  de  Margerias  (1,846  m., 
6,057  ft.) ;  beyond  it  to  the  1.  is  the 


!  Dent  de  Rossane  (1,910m.,  6, 267  ft. ), 
between  the  Aillon  valley  and  Le 
Chatelard;  then  the  Pointe  d^Arcalod 
(2,225  m.,  7,300  ft.),  or  the  Pecloz 
(2,260  m.,  7,415  ft.),  and  the  Mont 
Trelod  (2,186  m.,  7,172  ft.)  The 
road  descends  gradually,  winding  at 
mid-height  along  the  side  of  the  valley 
of  Le  Noyer,  and  in  little  more  than 
1  hr.  reaches  Arith,  whence  the  route 
of  the  Col  de  Prabarno  (2.  above)  is 
followed  to  Le  Chatelard. 


Route  B. 

ANNECY  TO  LE  CHATELARD. 

There  is  now  a  direct  carriage  road 
from  Annecy  to  Le  Chatelard  over 
the  Col  de  Leschaux,  but  to  a  pedes- 
trian either  of  the  two  mountain  paths 
(indicated  below)  leading  from  the  S. 
end  of  the  Lake  of  Annecy  to  the 
upper  Cheran  valley  will  be  found 
more  interesting. 

I.  By  the  Col  de  Leschaux.  —  Car- 
riage road  :  18  miles,  traversed  by  the 
diligence  in  3  hrs.  It  is  best  taken  in 
the  reverse  direction,  on  account  of  the 
fine  views  over  the  lake.  From  An- 
necy the  road  along  the  W.  shore  of 
lake  is  followed  for  2|  m.  to  Sevrier. 
I  Here  the  road  to  Le  Chatelard  mounts 
gradually  in  a  S.  direction  along  the 
lower  slopes  of  the  Semnoz,  making 
many  great  zigzags,  and  running  high 
above  the  wooded  glen  on  the  1.  It 
commands  many  fine  views  over  the 
lake  and  towards  the  Tournette.  In 
this  way  a  plateau  covered  with  hum- 
mocks is  gained,  and  soon  after  the 
Col  de  Leschaux,  904  m. ,  2,966  ft. 
(10  m.  from  Annecy.)  The  main 
hamlet  of  Leschaux  is  just  to  the 
W.  of  the  Col,  the  church  being  close 
to  it. 

[This  is  the  starting  point  for  the 
ascent  of  the  Semnoz,  a  long  ridge  to 
the  N.N.W.  Its  highest  point,  Cret 
de  Chdtillcn  (1,704  m.,  5,591  ft.), 


202 


LOWER  SAVOY.    §  u.  ANNECY  DISTRICT 


may  be  reached  by  mule  path  in 
hr.  from  the  village  ;  10  min. 
below  the  top  there  is  a  large  inn. 
The  view  from  the  summit  is  so  fine 
that  this  point  has  been  called  the 
4  Rigi  of  Savoy. '  Besides  the  three 
lakes  of  Bourget,  Annecy,  and  Ge- 
neva, all  the  chief  summits  of  the 
Dauphine,  Savoy,  and  Vallais  Alps 
are  well  seen.  It  is  possible  to  de- 
scend from  the  summit  direct  to 
Annecy,  but  a  local  guide  is  required 
through  the  immense  forest  which 
clothes  the  N.  end  of  the  Semnoz 
ridge.  The  '  Tour  du  Semnoz  '  may 
be  made  by  following  the  Col  de 
Leschaux  road  to  its  junction  with  that 
from  Aix  by  Cusy,  then  the  latter  to  the 
Pont  de  Bange,  whence  another  road 
leads  by  Alleves  and  Gruffyio  Annecy, 
13J  m.  from  the  Pont  de  Bange.  3 

The  road  towards  Le  Chatelard 
descends  through  bits  of  the  scat- 
tered village  of  Leschaux,  along  the 
r.  bank  of  the  stream,  and  past  the 
hamlet  of  Glapigny,  making  numerous 
zigzags  till  near  the  Pont  de  la 
Charniat  (14  m.  from  Annecy)  it  joins 
that  from  Aix  by  Cusy  (Rte.  A.  1), 
which  is  followed  for  4  m.  to  Le 
Chatelard.  A  little  way  before  the 
junction  a  detour  of  10  min.  suffices 
to  visit  the  Pont  du  Diable^  thrown 
picturesquely  over  the  Charniat  at  a 
point  where  it  has  cut  a  deep  and 
narrow  cleft  through  the  rock. 

2.  By  the  Golet. —  From  Duingt, 
the  most  picturesque  point  on  the  W. 
shore  of  the  Lake  of  Annecy,  it  is  easy 
to  mount  due  S.  past  the  solitary  hamlet 
of  Entrevei'ites  to  the  pass  of  Le  Golet 
(1,384  m.,  4,541  ft.),  whence  the  de- 
scent is  made  to  Bellecombe,  on  the  W. , 
from  which  a  road  leads  past  Entreve 
to  the  Col  de  Leschaux  road,  not  far 
above  the  Pont  de  la  Charniat. 

3.  By  the  Col  de  Bornette,  or  the 
Col  de  Cherel. — Both  these  passes 
lead  from  Doussard,  1  \  m.  from  the 
S.  end  of  the  Lake  of  Annecy.  The 
former  lies  W.  of,  the  latter  E.  of, 
the  ridge  of  the  Mont  Trelod  (2, 1 86  m. , 
7,172  ft.)  The  Col  de  Bornette 
(1,315  m.,  4,314  ft.)  takes  6§  hrs., 


the  ascent  to  the  pass  lying  up  the 
Bornette  glen,  S.W.  of  Doussard. 
On  the  other  side  the  path  goes  down 
pastures  to  the  hamlet  of  Cul  du  Bois, 
whence  a  char  road  runs  in  5  m.  to 
Le  Chatelard. 

[From  a  point  about  2  m.  above 
Cul  du  Bois  easy  shepherds'  paths 
lead  S.E.  (turning  a  steep  wall  of 
rocks)  to  the  summit  of  the  Mont 
Trelod  (2  hrs.),  whence  there  is  a 
very  striking  view.  This  ascent  is 
interesting  to  the  botanist  for  the  rare 
plants,  such  as  Cephalalgia  alpinay 
Pedicularis  Barrelieri,  &c. ,  which 
have  been  found  on  the  mountain.  3 

To  gain  the  Col  de  Cherel  (7J  hrs. 
from  one  place  to  the  other)  from 
Doussard  it  is  necessary  to  bear  S.E. 
past  the  hamlet  of  Chevaline  by  a 
mule  path  up  the  Grande  Combe,  at 
the  head  of  which  is  the  pass  (1,501m., 
4,925  ft.)  The  descent  lies  rather 
S.W.  to  Jarsy,  below  which  the  tra- 
veller soon  reaches  the  village  of  Ecole, 
l\  m.  from  Le  Chatelard  by  the  road 
of  the  Col  du  Frene  (Rte.  C.  4). 


Route  C. 

LE  CHATELARD  TO  CHAMBERY. 

The  Bauges  are  traversed  in  all  di- 
rections by  paths,  for  the  most  part 
of  no  difficulty,  and  also  by  several 
carriage  roads.  It  is,  therefore,  easy 
to  multiply  the  routes  which  a  tra- 
veller may,  if  so  minded,  discover  for 
himself.  It  will  be  sufficient  in  this 
and  the  following  Rte.  to  indicate  the 
most  interesting  ways  by  which  a 
traveller,  having  come  from  Aix  or 
Annecy,  may  gain  Chambery  or 
Albertville. 

1.  By  the  Col  de  Planpalais. — 
Carriage  road,  21  m. — From  Le 
Chatelard  the  high  road  down  the 
Cheran  valley  is  followed  for  3 \  m. , 
when  it  is  left  to  cross  that  river  by 
the  Pont  de  Lescheraines.    This  road 


ROUTE  C.    LE  CHATELARD  TO  CHAMBERY 


203 


mounts  past  the  village  of  Lesckeraines 
(opposite  Arith,  Rte.  A.  2),  along 
the  r.  bank  of  the  stream  up  the 
Le  Noyer  (now  called  St.  Francois) 
glen.  The  village  of  Le  Noyer  (op- 
posite that  of  St.  Francois  de  Sales), 
840  m.,  2,756  ft.)  is  traversed  (7-§m. 
from  Le  Chatelard),  and  beyond  a 
well-shaded  road  ascends  to  the  Col 
de  Planpalais,  1,180  m.,  3,872  ft. 
[il J  m. )  (There  is  a  bad  road  on  the 
1.  bank  of  the  glen,  by  which  the 
traveller  passes  near  the  remains  of  a 
Roman  aqueduct,  partly  cut  into  the 
rock,  and  known  to  the  natives  as 
La  Creche. )  The  summit  of  the  Col 
is  a  grassy  plateau,  with  many  knolls. 
(Hence  it  is  easy  to  go  N.W.  through 
a  fine  pine  forest  to  the  Grand  Revard 
(1,545  m.,  5,069  ft.),  whence  there  is 
a  funicular  railway  down  to  Aix 
(Rte.  A.  above,  and  §  10.  Rte.  A). 

A  gentle  descent  of  2\  m.  leads  to 
the  village  of  Les  Deserts,  standing  on 
a  plateau  between  the  Mont  de  Mar- 
gerias  (1,846  m.,  6,057  ft.)  on  the 
E.  and  the  Dent  dn  Nivolet  (1,553m., 
5^095  ft. ),  the  most  advanced  bastion 
of  the  Bauges,  on  the  W. 

[The  former  summit  may  be  gained 
by  a  rough  climb  by  its  S.E.  ridge 
from  the  Col  d'Averne.  But  the 
view  is  decidedly  inferior  to  that  ob- 
tained from  the  lower  yet  better 
situated  Dent  du  Nivolet.  This  point 
is  crowned  by  a  huge  cross,  con- 
spicuous from  Chamber}',  and  may 
be  gained  by  easy  paths  in  \\  hr. 
from  Les  Deserts,  the  mule  path 
making  a  round  by  the  Col  de  Plan- 
palais. The  walk  hence  to  the  Grand 
Revard,  on  the  N. ,  lies  over  fine  pas- 
tures, and,  as  it  takes  only  2  hrs.,  is 
recommended,  since  from  the  Revard 
the  funicular  railway  affords  an  easy 
means  of  gaining  Aix  or  Chambery.  3 

The    road    descends    along    the  j 
r.    bank    of    the    Leisse  torrent, 
gradually  rounds  the  rocky  base  of  j 
the    Mont     Pennay,    bends    S.W.  \ 
to  reach  St.  Jean  d' 'Arz'ey  (17  m. ), 
and  continues  along  the  same  bank 
through   very  agreeable   scenery  to 
Chambery  (21  m. ) 


2.  By  the  Col  des  Pres. — Char 
road,  2o\  m.  Nearly  opposite  Le 
Chatelard  is  the  opening  of  the  pic- 
turesque glen  of  Aillon.  The  road 
thither  crosses  the  Cheran  a  little 
below  the  village  (that  to  the  Col  du 
Frene,  4.  below,  being  left  on  the  1. 
hand),  and  after  passing  several  small 
hamlets  reaches  Aillon  le  Vieux 
(3f  m. ),  a  village  at  the  W.  foot  of 
the  Dent  de  Rossane.  (Hence  the 
Mont  Margerias  ( 1 , 846  m. ,  6, 05  7  ft. ) , 
on  the  S.W.,  can  be  easily  ascended 
in  2  hrs. )  4J  m.  higher  up  the  glen 
is  the  last  village,  Aillon  le  Jeune, 
on  the  1.  bank  of  the  stream.  (The 
route  to  the  Col  de  Lindar  (3.  below) 
and  the  Chartreuse  d' Aillon  here 
branches  off  to  the  S.E.)  The 
direct  route  to  Chambery  now  lies 
S.S.W.  up  a  short  glen,  and  in  2  m. 
from  Aillon  le  Jeune  attains  the  Col 
des  Pres,  1,142  m.,  3,747  ft.  (10  m. 
from  Le  Chatelard. )  It  descends  for 
some  distance  in  a  S.  direction,  then 
bends  W.  round  the  S.  end  of  the 
Mont  de  la  Croix,  and  reaches 
Thoiry  (i2jm. )  (This  is  the  best 
starting  point  for  the  ascent  of  the 
Mont  Margerias,  reached  in  about 
3  hrs. )  The  road  goes  down  by 
many  zigzags  in  1 3-  m.  to  that  from 
the  Col  de  Planpalais,  which  is  joined 
a  little  way  above  St.  Jean  d'Arvey. 

3.  By  the  Col  de  Lindar. — Char 
road  all  the  way,  save  between  the 
Correrie  and  Ginotin,  where  there  is 
a  mule  path.  6  or  7  hrs.  From  the 
bridge  below  the  village  of  Aillon  le 
Jeune,  on  the  Col  des  Pres  road,  that 
to  the  Col  de  Lindar  mounts  S.E. 
through  a  narrow  defile  to  the  hamlet 
of  La  Corre?'ie  (20  min. ),  which  has 
an  ancient  chapel,  formerly  dependent 
on  the  neighbouring  monastery. 

[Hence  it  is  worth  making  a  detour 
of  \  hr.  to  the  N.  to  visit  the  old 
Carthusian  monastery  of  Aillon.  The 
gorge  in  which  it  is  situated  is  an 
enclosure  formed  by  steep  mountain 
ridges,  and  forms  a  natural  trough, 
with  this  single  opening  (excepting 
some  rough  foot  passes),  so  narrow 
that  it  was  formerly  closed  by  a  gate. 


204         LOWER  SAVOY.    §  n. 


ALBERTVILLE  DISTRICT 


In  this  secluded  spot  is  the  Char- 
treuse d'Aillon,  founded  in  the  last 
quarter  of  the  twelfth  century.  It 
received  rich  endowments  from  many 
princes  of  the  House  of  Savoy,  but 
lost  them  all  in  1792.  Parts  of  the 
domestic  and  out  buildings  are  now 
used  for  farm  purposes,  but  there  seem 
to  be  no  other  remains  of  this  once 
powerful  house.  The  rich  pastures 
in  the  Aillon  glen  produce  the  best 
kind  of  the  cheese,  called  vacherin^ 
for  which  the  Bauges  are  famous.  J 

In  about  1  nr.  from  the  Correrie  the 
Col  de  Lindar  (1,192  m.,  3,911  ft.), 
to  the  S.,  is  attained. 

[It  lies  E.  of  the  pointed  summit  of 
the  Poi7ite  de  la  Galoppaz  (1,686  m., 
5,532  ft.),  apeak  commanding  a  very 
line  view  of  the  valley  of  the  Isere. 
It  may  be  gained  hence  easily  in 
2  hrs. ,  or  in  rather  longer  time  by  its 
W.  flank  from  Thoiry,  on  the  Col  des 
Pres  route.  J 

During  the  ascent  on  the  W.  side  of 
the  Col  the  botanist  may  find  Lactuca 
Plumieri)  Tozzia  alpiiza,  Tulipa  cel- 
siana,  and  other  rare  plants.  The 
path  descends  through  a  wood,  and 
bifurcates  at  a  point  whence  the 
traveller  must  go  r.  if  bound  for 
Chambery  direct,  and  1.  if  he  desires 
:o  gain  at  Ginotin  ( J  hr. )  the  char  road 
leading  to  Cruet  station. 

If  bound  to  Chambery  the  road 
leads  past  Rotigere  to  the  picturesque 
village  of  La  Thtiile  (1  hr.  from  the 
Col),  on  the  shore  of  a  pretty  lake, 
and  at  the  N.  foot  of  a  ridge  which 
on  the  S.  side  immediately  overlooks 
Montmelian.  Hence  it  is  a  walk  of 
10  m.  N.W.  to  Chambery,  along  the 
1.  bank  of  the  Leisse,  past  Curienne, 
the  Col  de  Planpalais  road  being 
joined  between  St.  Jean  d'Arvey  and 
Chambery.  It  is  also  possible  to 
descend  along  the  r.  bank  past 
Puigros. 

If  bound  to  Cruet  the  road  descends 
thither  from  Ginotin  by  great  zigzags, 
Cruet  being  a  station  on  the  Mont 
Cenis  railway,  4  m.  from  St.  Pierre 
d'Albigny,  and  njm.  from  Cham- 
bery. 


4.  By  the  Col  du  Frene. —  Carnage 
road.  About  12  m.  to  St.  Pierre 
d'Albigny  station,  which  is  15-J  m.  by 
rail  from  Chambery,  and  15  m.  also 
by  rail  from  Albertville.  Though  it 
involves  a  considerable  detour,  this  is 
perhaps  the  easiest  way  of  reaching 
Chambery  from  Le  Chatelard.  By 
taking  the  short  cuts  a  pedestrian 
may  much  abridge  the  distance  on 
the  descent  from  the  Col  to  St.  Pierre. 
From  Le  Chatelard  the  road  descends 
to  the  level  of  the  Cheran,  and  crosses 
to  its  1.  bank,  along  which  it  runs  for 
3J  m.  to  the  pretty  village  of  Ecole, 
at  the  junction  of  the  Sainte  Reine 
and  Jarsy  glens  with  the  main  valley. 
The  road  mounts  nearly  due  S. 
through  the  pretty  pasture  valley  of 
Ste.  Reine,  passing  below  the  main 
hamlet  of  that  name.  The  highest 
hamlet  is  Rotithennes,  6f  m.  from 
Le  Chatelard.  Thence  a  gentle 
ascent  leads  in  2  m.  more  to  the 
Col  du  Frene  (956  m.,  3,137  ft.), 
which  commands  a  very  fine  view  of 
the  valley  of  the  Isere  and  of  the 
ranges  beyond  it.  Long  zigzags 
(easily  cut  off  by  a  pedestrian)  bring 
the  traveller  down  to  the  village  of 
St.  Pierre  d'Albigny,  which  is  rather 
more  than  a  mile  from  the  station  of 
that  name  (§  7.  Rte.  A,  and  12. 
Rte.  A). 


Route  D. 

LE  CHATELARD  TO  ALBERTVILLE. 

Carriage  road  to  the  Nant  Forchu, 
then  foot  path.    7  hrs. 

There  are  several  passes  by  which, 
Albertville  may  be  more  or  less  directly 
gained  from  Le  Chatelard,  all  passing 
through  the  uppermost  bit  of  the 
Cheran  valley,  which  is  here  called  the 
Bellevaux  glen. 

For  3^  m.  from  Le  Chatelard  the 
road  is  that  to  the  Col  du  Frene. 
At  the  hamlet  of  Ecole  the  traveller 


ROUTE  D.    LE  CHATELARD  TO  ALBERTVILLE  205 


bears  S.E.  first  on  the  r.,  then  on  the 
1.  bank  of  the  Cheran,  through  the 
very  savage,  well-wooded,  and  most 
secluded  gorge  of  Bellevaux,  to  (f  hr. 
from  Ecole)  the  ruins  of  the  eleventh- 
century  Benedictine  monastery  of 
Bellevaux.  Not  much  survives  be- 
yond the  walls,  in  consequence  of  a 
great  fire  in  1825.  The  site  is  now 
a  fine  meadow.  The  position  of  the 
monastery  is  most  picturesque,  at  the 
junction  of  three  mountain  torrents, 
and  just  at  the  W.  foot  of  the  Pecloz 
(2,260  m.,  7,415  ft.),  the  loftiest 
summit  in  the  Bauges,  which  is  acces- 
sible thence  in  2^-3  hrs.  by  its  W. 
ridge.  10  min.  from  the  ruins  is  the 
Holy  Well  of  Notre  Dame  de  Belle- 
vaux, a  sanctuary  of  great  local  fame. 
The  well  itself  is  now  built  into  the 
wall  of  a  newly-constructed  chapel. 

[By  following  the  S.W.  glen  from 
the  ruins  the  traveller  may  by  a  very 
rough  path  reach  the  Col  d  Arclusaz 
(1,773  m->  5>8l7  ft-)>  S.E.  of  the 
peak  of  the  Dent  d*  Arclusaz  (2,046  m. , 
6,713  ft.),  which  may  be  thence  as- 
cended. A  path  descends  in  many 
zigzags  from  the  pass  to  Freterive,  a 
hamlet  rather  N.E.  of  St.  Pierre 
d'Albigny.] 

The  direct  way  to  Albertville  lies 
N.E.  up  the  Cheran  or  Bellevaux 
glen.  The  river  is  crossed  several 
times,  and  the  prettily  situated  hamlet 
of  Bellevaux  passed  before  reaching 
the  spot  known  as  £  Nant  Forchu ' 
(2§  hrs.  from  Le  Chatelard),  so  called 
from  the  fork  formed  by  the  two 
ravines  of  Orgeval  and  Haut  du  Four. 
Close  by  is  the  traditional  source  of 
the  Cheran,  trickling  from  a  rock 
called  6  La  Fougere?  but  the  Hautdu 
Four  torrent  is  the  real  source  of  that 
river. 

[Hence  a  track  mounts  due  N. 
through  the  Orgeval  ravine  to  the  pass  of 
the  same  name  (1,758  m.,  5,768  ft.), 
said  to  be  the  highest  pass  in  theBauges. 
It  leads  down  the  wooded  glen  of  St. 
Ruphto  Settenez  and  Faverges,  reached 
in  6  hrs.  from  Le  Chatelard.  J 

The  foot  path  to  Albertville 
ascends  N.E.  from  the  Nant  Fourchu 


through  the  ravine  of  Ho,ut  du 
F^our  on  the  r.  bank  of  the  torrent 
(not  the  L,  as  on  the  maps),  finally 
bearing  E.  to  the  Col  du  Haul  du 
Four,  1,506  m.,  4,941  ft.  (4J-5  hrs, 
from  Le  Chatelard. )  Hence  there  is 
a  fine  view  over  the  Isere  valley,  as 
well  as  of  the  snowy  peaks  of  Dauphin  e 
and  the  chain  of  Mont  Blanc.  (From 
the  Col  it  is  easy  to  attain  in  ij  hr. 
by  a  path,  well  marked  but  leading 
across  very  steep  grass  slopes,  the 
summit  of  the  Pointe  Chaurionde 
(2,291  m.,  7,517  ft.),  commanding 
an  extremely  fine  view,  specially 
of  the  Tarentaise  peaks,  and  of  the 
blue  Lake  of  Annecy  at  the  spectator's 
feet. )  From  the  Col  two  paths  lead 
down.  That  to  the  1.  runs  slightly 
N.E.  to  the  Col  de  Tamie  (Rte.  E), 
between  Albertville  and  Faverges. 
That  to  the  r.  descends  steeply  to  the 
village  of  Plancherine  (1  hr.  from  the 
Col),  whence  the  road  from  the  Col 
de  Tamie  (Rte.  E),  keeping  up  to 
the  L,  brings  the  traveller  down  in 
5  m.  to  Albertville. 


Route  E. 

ALBERTVILLE  TO  ANNECY. 

Carriage  road  on  either  side  of  the  lake, 
28  m.  Steamer  on  the  lake  from 
Bout  du  Lac  to  Annecy.  By  diligence 
and  steamer  from  Albertville  to  An- 
necy, 5  hrs.  ;  in  the  reverse  direction, 
4  hrs.    Railway  in  construction. 

M. 

Fontaines  d'Ugines  .  5 

Faverges  .  .  .  .  12 1 
Bout  du  Lac  .  .  .  17^ 
Annecy.       ....  28 

The  road  from  Albertville  runs  N. 
along  the  r.  bank  of  the  Arly,  passing 
opposite  the  opening  of  the  Beaufort 
valley  (Rte.  I),  amidst  very  pleasing 
scenery,  enlivened  by  the  numerous 
villages  which  lie  on  the  E.  slope  of 
the  Belle  Etoile  ridge  on  the  L  hand, 
The  Chaise  torrent  is  crossed  just 


206  LOWER  SAVOY.    §  n.  ANNECY  DISTRICT 


above  its  junction  with  the  Arly,  in 
order  to  gain  the  village  of  Fontaines 
(PUgines,  at  the  foot  of  the  rising 
ground  on  which  stands  ( I  mile  distant 
by  road)  the  town  of  Ugines.  (At 
Fontaines  the  road  to  Chamonix  by 
Flumet  turns  off  to  the  E. ,  Rte.  H. ) 
The  high  road  ascends  N.W.  along 
the  1.  bank  of  the  Chaise  to  Mar  lens. 
At  that  village  the  valley  bends  to  the 
S.W.  ;  the  road  keeps  to  the  1.  bank 
until  it  crosses  the  stream  (at  the 
mouth  of  the  Serraval  glen,  Rte.  Y.2.b) 
in  order  to  traverse  the  very  low  pass 
which  separates  the  Chaise  from  the 
waters  of  the  Eau  Morte,  flowing  to  the 
Lake  of  Annecy.   Soon  after  it  reaches 

Faverges,  a  rather  large  country 
town,  with  iron  works  (whence  the 
origin  of  its  name,  Fabricez),  and  mills 
for  spinning  silk.  The  summit  of 
Mont  Blanc  is  seen  from  the  town,  and 
the  neighbouring  hills  (accessible  in 
4  or  5  hrs. )  all  command  fine  views. 

[A  more  interesting  way  of  reach- 
ing Faverges  from  Albertville  is 
by  the  Col  de  Tamie  (a  very  fine 
excursion),  now  traversed  by  a  carriage 
road,  I  if  m.  in  length.  From 
Albertville  the  road  passes  under  the 
Fort  du  Villard,  then  mounts  by  zig- 
zags through  vineyards  and  fields, 
commanding  very  fine  views  of  the 
basin  of  Albertville  and  of  the  Isere 
valley  as  far  as  St.  Pierre  d'Albigny, 
to  the  village  of  Plancherine  (5  m. ) 
More  zigzags  lead  up  in  2\  m.  more 
to  the  pass  (806  m.,  2,644  ft- ),  which 
commands  a  fine  view  of  the  Isere 
valley.  This  low  pass  separates  the 
mountains  at  the  head  of  the  Belle- 
vaux  glen  (Rte.  D)  (which  may  be 
gained  by  a  traverse  W.  to  the  Col  du 
Haut  du  Four)  from  the  Belle  Etoile 
ridge.  The  latter  ridge  may  be  con- 
sidered as  the  connecting  link  be- 
tween the  Bauges  and  the  range  of  the 
Mont  Charvin,  being  separated  from 
the  latter  only  by  the  valley  of  the 
Chaise,  through  which  the  high  road 
runs  between  Fontaines  d'Ugines  and 
Faverges.  The  summit  of  the  Belle 
Etoile  (1,846  m.,  6,057  ft. )  may  be 
reached  in  2\  hrs.  from  the  Col  by  a 


thick  forest  and  pastures  ;  avoid  care- 
fully the  S.  arete. 

1  \  m.  on  the  Faverges  side  of  the  Col 
is  the  fortress-like  abbey  of  Tamie , 
founded  in  1 132,  by  the  Cistercians, 
and  half  ruined  at  the  French  Revolu- 
tion, but  of  late  years  occupied  by 
Trappists.  There  are  a  few  good  carv- 
ings in  the  older  buildings.  The  road 
descends  through  the  picturesque 
gorge  of  Tamie,  leaving  Settenez 
(whence  a  track  crosses  the  Col 
d'Orgeval  to  Le  Chatelard,  Rte.  D) 
on  the  L,  to  Faverges.  J 

[From  Faverges  the  Mont  Charvin 
(2,414  m.,  7,920  ft.),  on  the  N.E. — 
an  excursion  recommended  to  botan- 
ists— may  be  ascended  by  way  of 
Serraval  (5  J  m.  by  the  road  of  the 
Col  de  Serraval  to  Thones),  whence 
the  summit  is  gained  in  about  4  hrs. 
But  the  excursion  especially  to  be  re- 
commended to  the  mountaineer  is  the 
ascent  of  the  Tournette  (2,357  m., 
7,733  ft.),  a  long  limestone  ridge 
whose  S.  end  rises  from  the  little  plain 
of  Faverges,  and  whose  steep  W. 
!  slopes  face  the  Lake  of  Annecy. 
The  ascent  is  made  from  Faverges  by 
way  of  the  Montmin  glen,  which  opens 
out  into  the  Eau  Morte  valley  at  Vil- 
lard, halfway  between  Faverges  and 
Bout  du  Lac.  There  is  a  road  to  the 
village  of  Montmin,  2^-3  hrs.  from 
either  of  these  places.  Thence  4  hrs. 
more  are  required  to  gain  the  summit 
by  the  Lars  pastures.  This  is  the 
i  easiest  way,  as  by  it  mules  can  go  to 
I  within  1  nr.  of  the  top.  The  route 
I  from  Thones  (Rte.  F)  is  longer,  and 
1  that  from  Talloires  (see  below),  though 
the  shortest  of  the  three,  is  also  the 
steepest  and  most  laborious.  The 
best  plan  is  to  mount  from  Faverges  or 
Thones,  and  to  descend  to  Talloires ; 
in  each  case  the  ascent  requires 
at  least  6  hrs.,  and  the  descent 
about  3-4  hrs. ,  so  that,  allowing  for 
halts,  it  is  a  good  day's  work.  It 
is  not  prudent  to  start  without  a 
guide,  as  the  time  lost  in  seeking  the 
way  may  compromise  the  result  of 
the  excursion.  The  crest  of  the 
mountain  (about  7,500  ft.)  is  a  ridge 


ROUTE  E.    ALBERTVILLE  TO  ANNECY 


207 


which  spreads  out  into  a  platform, 
surmounted  by  a  sort  of  rock  tower 
about  65  ft.  high,  the  walls  of  which 
are  not  merely  vertical,  but  in  some 
cases  actually  overhang  their  base. 
This  rock  is  called  the  Fauteuil,  and 
its  summit  is  reached  in  J  hr.  by  a 
fissure  or  chimney,  in  which  an  iron 
rope  has  now  been  fixed  for  the  bene- 
fit of  persons  liable  to  giddiness.  The 
view  combines  the  Lake  of  Annecy 
and  a  portion  of  the  Lake  of  Geneva, 
with  a  grand  Alpine  panorama.  It  is 
probable,  however,  that  the  nearer 
view  of  Mont  Blanc  and  the  other 
Alps  of  Savoy  from  the  Mont  Charvin 
is  in  some  respects  superior.  J 

From  Faverges  to  Annecy  the  tra- 
veller has  the  choice  between  roads  on 
either  side  of  the  Lake  of  Annecy,  or 
he  may  avail  himself  (the  pleasantest 
way,  as  the  scenery  is  charming  and 
all  the  villages  on  both  shores  are  well 
seen)  of  the  little  steamer  on  the  very 
pretty  lake,  which  takes  1  J-  hr.  from 
Bout  du  Lac,  the  port  of  Doussard,  to 
Annecy.  The  diligence  travels  by 
the  road  on  the  W.  shore  of  the 
lake. 

{a)  By  the  W.  Shore.  —  From 
Faverges  the  road  crosses  and  re- 
crosses  the  Eau  Morte,  and  leaves  on 
the  r.  the  marshy  plain  at  the  head  of 
the  lake  formed  from  the  detritus  of 
that  stream.  It  passes  near  the 
village  of  Doussard  (whence  tracks 
lead  over  the  Cols  de  Cherel  and 
de  Bornette  to  Le  Chatelard,  Rte.  B. 
3)  before  it  reaches  (5  m.  from 
Faverges)  the  S.  end  of  the  lake,  at 
the  S.W.  corner  of  which  is  the  land- 
ing place  of  Bout  du  Lac,  whence 
start  the  steamers.  2  m.  beyond  is 
the  castle  and  village  of  Duingt. 
The  castle  stands  in  a  very  striking 
position  on  a  promontory,  which 
greatly  narrows  the  ordinary  width  of 
the  lake.  The  Tournette  is  par- 
ticularly impressive  from  Duingt. 
(For  the  pass  of  the  Golet  to  Le 
Chatelard,  see  Rte.  B.  2.)  Thence 
the  road  runs  along  the  shore  of  the 
lake,  passing  St.  Jorioz  and  Sevrier 
(here  the  road  over  the  Col  de  Les- 


chaux  to  Le  Chatelard  branches  off. 
Rte.  B.  1),  to  Annecy.  (For  a  de- 
scription of  this  town,  see  below. ) 

(5)  By  the  E.  Shore. — The  road  is 
more  hilly  than  that  on  the  other 
shore,  and  practically  the  very  inte- 
resting villages  on  this  side  of  the  lake 
are  most  easily  reached  by  means  of 
the  steamer.  Opposite  Doussard  a 
bridge  crosses  to  the  r.  bank  of  the 
Eau  Morte,  near  Verthier,  and  skirt- 
ing the  E.  shore  of  the  lake,  in  about 
5  m.  from  the  bridge  reaches  Tal- 
loires  (488  m.,  1,601  ft. ),  nearly  oppo- 
site Duingt.  This  is  perhaps  the  most 
picturesquely  situated  village  on  the 
lake,  and  is  now  largely  frequented  by 
guests  in  summer.  Its  climate,  even 
in  winter,  is  very  mild.  There  are 
remains  of  the  great  Benedictine  mo- 
nastery (eleventh  century),  while  part 
of  the  buildings  of  the  more  recent 
monastery  are  now  used  as  a  hotel. 
[Hence  the  Tournette  (2,357  m., 
!  7>733  can  be  reached  in  5-6  hrs. 
I  by  way  of  the  pilgrimage  chapel  of  St. 
I  Germain  (the  path  by  La  Closette  is 
much  shorter),  the  Loo  or  l'Haut  cha- 
let, and  the  Cassey  hut.  The  Col  du 
Nantet  leads  from  Talloires,  by  the 
chalets  of  the  same  name,  not  far  from 
Loo,  in  about  4  J  hrs.  to  Thones.J 

Less  than  2  m.  beyond  Talloires  is 
Menthon,  also  a  favourite  summer  so- 
!  journing  place.     It  has  remains  of 
Roman  baths,  and  of  piles  of  Roman 
masonry  projecting  into  the  lake,  de- 
signed to  serve  as  a  reservoir  for  the 
baths.    The  castle  dates  back  in  part 
as  far  as  the  thirteenth  century.  A 
:   room  in  it  is   still  pointed   out  as 
the  birthplace  of  St.  Bernard  of  Men- 
;   thon  (eleventh  century),  the  second 
\  founder  of  the  Hospice  on  the  Great 
,   St.  Bernard,  and  the  founder  of  that 
on  the  Little  St.  Bernard. 

Annecy  is  an  important  town  of 
nearly  12,000  inhabitants,  and  the 
capital  of  the  Department  of  Haute 
Savoie.  It  possesses  many  thriving 
factories,  partly  worked  by  the  water 
of  the  lake,  which  is  conveyed  through 
the  town  to  the  river  Fier  in  artificial 
channels   of  great   antiquity.  The 


208 


LOWER  SAVOY. 


ii.  ANNECY  DISTRICT 


Cathedral  church  (sixteenth  century), 
the  former  Dominican  church  of  St. 
Maurice  (fifteenth  century),  and  that 
of  the  Visitation  (nineteenth  century), 
as  now  containing  the  remains  of  St. 
Francois  de  Sales  (d.  1622),  are 
worth  a  visit.  In  the  old  (S. )  portion 
of  the  town  picturesque  narrow  streets 
and  streams  are  inextricably  mixed  up. 
On  rising  ground  N.  of  the  present 
town  is  Annecy  le  Vieux,  whose  Roman 
origin  is  attested  by  many  medals, 
urns,  and  fragments  of  statuary.  It 
now  possesses  a  famous  bell-foundry, 
wThere  was  cast  the  great  bell,  named 
6  La  Savoyarde,'  for  the  new  church 
of  the  Sacre  Cceur  on  Montmartre. 
The  lake  is  1,465  ft.  above  the  sea, 
8 1  m.  long,  and  from  1  to  2  m.  broad. 
Its  superficial  area  is  i6|  m.,  and  its 
greatest  depth  is  264  ft.  Many  agree- 
able walks  and  drives  are  to  be  found 
in  the  neighbourhood  of  Annecy. 
There  is  a  fine  promenade  along  the 
N.  end  of  the  lake.  The  ascent  of  the 
Tournette  has  already  been  described 
in  this  Rte.  ;  that  of  the  Parmelan 
will  be  found  in  the  next  Rte.,  and 
that  of  the  Semnoz,  from  the  Col  de 
Leschaux,  in  Rte.  B.  1. 

The  railway  to  Annemasse  and 
Cluses  is  described  in  the  next  Rte. 
There  is  also  a  line  (25  m.  traversed 
in  \\  hr.  or  so)  to  Aix  les  Bains. 
This  is  the  shortest  way  to  Cham- 
bery,  but  Geneva  is  most  quickly 
reached  by  way  of  Annemasse. 
On  the  old  road  to  Geneva  by  St. 
Julien  (26f  m. )  there  is  the  remarkable 
wire  suspension  bridge  of  La  Cat  lie, 
630  ft.  in  length,  and  482  ft.  above 
the  torrent  of  Les  Usses.  From  Lo- 
vagny(  3  J  m. ),  the  first  station  on  the 
line  towards  Aix  les  Bains,  the  Gorges 
du  Fier,  a  deep  fissure  in  the  lime- 
stone, can  be  visited  in  J  hr.  They 
are  820  ft.  long,  and  from  13  to  33  ft. 
wide,  the  walls  being  nearly  perpen- 
dicular. Since  1869  a  wooden  gallery 
permits  the  visitor  to  examine  this 
curious  cleft  at  his  ease. 


Route  F. 

ANNECY  TO  BONNEVILLE. 

Most  travellers  going  from  Annecy 
to  Bonneville  will  doubtless  make  use 
of  the  railway,  but  there  is  also  a  pleas- 
ant carriage  road,  leading  through 
some  interesting  country. 

1.  By  Railway. — 23I  m.  to  La 
Roche  ( 1  hr. ),  and  7  m.  on  to  Bonne- 
ville (J  hr. )  The  line  soon  crosses 
the  Fier,  then  runs  nearly  due  N.  above 
the  r.  bank  of  the  Filliere,  an 
affluent  of  the  Fier,  and,  leaving  on 
the  r.  hand  the  picturesque  valley 
of  Thorens,  through  which  the  Filliere 
descends  from  the  E. ,  follows  a  stream 
to  the  N.  E. ,  coming  from  a  low  pass 
(779  m.,  2,556  ft.)  The  line  on 
leaving  Evires  tunnels  through  this 
ridge,  and  descends  by  a  great  curve 
to  the  E.  to  La  Roche  sur  Foron 
station,  overlooking  the  valley  of  the 
Arve,  and  at  the  junction  of  the  Aix- 
Annecy  line  with  that  from  Geneva 
to  Cluses.  Geneva  is  I3f  m.  from  La^ 
Roche  ;  Bonneville,  7  m. ,  is  beyond  it 
(see  §  16.  Rte.  A). 

2.  By  Thdnes  and  the  Col  de  St. 
Jean  de  Sixt.—  Char  road  (steam 
tramway  to  Thones) ;  31  miles.  The 
old  road  passes  at  the  S.E.  foot 
of  the  hill  on  which  is  Annecy  le 
Vieux,  then  mounts  the  1.  side  of  the 
valley  of  the  P'ier  in  an  E.  direction 
to  turn  the  Montagne  de  Veyrier  on 
the  N.  5|  m.  from  Annecy  is  the  Pont 
St.  Clair,  which  leads  over  to  the 
curious  remains  of  a  Roman  road, 
partly  excavated  through  the  lime- 
stone rock.  It  soon  after  reaches  the 
meeting  point  of  four  valleys.  Here 
falls  in  the  new  road,  which,  after 
skirting  the  E.  shore  of  the  lake, 
rounds  the  S.  foot  of  the  Montagne 
de  Veyrier,  and  crosses  the  low  Col 
de  Blufty,  whence  there  is  a  fine  view 
down  on  Menthon  and  its  castle. 

[The  valley  which  descends  from 
the  N.  to  the  meeting  place  is  that  of 
Dingy,  and  through  it  lies  the  easiest 


ROUTE  F.    ANNECY  TO  BONNEVILLE 


209 


way  up  the  Parmelan  (1,855  m-> 
6,086  ft.),  a  limestone  ridge  which 
falls  in  precipices  on  the  Annecy  side, 
but  has  meadows  up  to  the  summit 
on  the  other.  A  char  road  leads  from 
Dingy  to  La  Blonniere,  whence  there 
is  a  mule  path  to  the  summit,  4J- 5 
hrs.  from  Annecy  ;  pedestrians  may 
save  \  hr.  by  mounting  the  gully  of 
the  Grand  Montoir,  in  which  steps  are 
now  cut  in  the  rock.  Near  the  sum- 
mit there  is  a  small  inn.  The  view  is 
magnificent,  extending  to  the  Alps  of 
the  Vallais.  In  the  flanks  of  the 
Parmelan  are  three  of  the  singular  ice 
caves,  or  'glacieres,'  to  which  atten- 
tion was  called  by  Canon  G.  F. 
Browne  (now  Bishop  of  Bristol)  in  his 
interesting  work  £  Ice-Caves  of  France 
and  Switzerland'  (1865).  They  are 
called  gl.  du  Grand  Anu,  gl.  de 
FEnfer,  and  gl.  de  Chappet  sur  Villaz. 
'  Of  these  the  gl.  du  Grand  Anu  is  the 
most  remarkable.  The  way  from 
Annecy  is  by  rail  ( \  hr. )  to  the  station 
of  St.  Martin- Charvonnex,  thence 
1  hr.  on  foot  to  Aviernoz,  where  re- 
sides M.  Metral,  the  proprietor,  from 
whom  a  guide  (needful)  may  be  ob- 
tained. The  Grand  Anu,  which  may 
be  reached  thence  in  2 J  hrs.,  is  a 
cavern  entered  by  a  natural  rock 
portal  70  ft.  high.  The  floor  and 
walls  of  the  glaciere  are  covered  with 
ice,  and  in  the  former  is  a  natural  pit 
or  well  60  ft.  deep. '    (T.  G.  B.  )J 

From  the  Pont  St.  Clair  a  road  runs 
along  either  bank  of  the  Fier  (that  on 
the  r.  bank  passes  Thuy,  i~  m. 
below  Thones,  whence  Entremont 
can  be  reached  by  the  Col  de  la  Buffaz 
in  4-|  hrs. )  to 

Thones  (13  m.  from  Annecy),  a 
small  town  situated  at  a  height  of 
626  m.  (2,054  ft.)  in  a  picturesque 
position  at  the  meeting  of  several 
mountain  glens,  through  which  passes 
lead  in  different  directions. 

{a)  The  S.  W.  of  these  glens  leads 
by  the  Col  du  Nantet,  N.W.  of  the 
Tournette,  to  Talloires,  on  the  lake  of 
Annecy,  in  4^  hrs.  (Rte.  E.  b). 

(b)  Through  a  second  glen  a  char 
road  runs  about  due  S.  by  the  hamlets 

I. 


of  Les  Clefs  and  Belchamp  over  the 
low  Col  de  S *ert -aval '(829  m.  ,2.720  ft. ), 
between  the  ridges  of  the  Tournette 
and  of  the  Mont  Charvin,  to  the  vil- 
lage of  Serraval,  and  Faverges  ( 1 1  \  m. 
from  Thones).  From  Belchamp  (2  hrs, 
from  Thones)  the  traveller  can  best 
ascend  the  Tournette  (2,357  m.,  7,733 
ft. )  2  hrs.  from  that  hamlet  are  the 
Rosary  huts,  on  the  S.W.,  whence 
2  hrs.  suffice  to  gain  the  summit.  The 
descent  may  be  made  to  Faverges  by 
Montmin,  or  to  Talloires  (Rte.  E). 
I  From  Serraval  the  Mont  Charvin 
(2,414  m.,  7,920  ft.)  is  reached  in 
4  hrs. 

(c)  A  third  glen,  that  of  Manigod, 
descends  from  the  S.E.  to  Les  Clefs 
(above),  bearing  down  the  head  waters 

j  of  the  Fier,  which  rises  on  the  N.  side 
'  of  the  Mont  Charvin  (2,414  m., 
7,920  ft.)  Through  it  the  last-named 
peak  can  be  ascended.  The  climb 
from  the  hamlet  of  La  Gutarry  (6 J  m. 
by  char  from  Thones)  takes  4  or  5 
hrs. ,  and  is  not  at  all  difficult. 

(d)  The  fourth  of  the  glens  that 
meet  at  Thones  is  that  of  Nom,  up 
which  lies  the  way  to  Bonneville. 

From  Thones  the  road  mounts 
N.E.  up  the  Nom  glen  past  several 
hamlets  till  ( 1 7 J  m.  from  Annecy)  the 
high  road  bifurcates,  not  far  from  the 
hamlet  of  St.  Jean  de  Sixt. 

1.  The  road  which  soon  runs  S.E. 

!  ascends  past  La  Clusaz  to  the  Col  des 
Aravis,  1,498  m.,  4,915  ft.  (24 J  m. 
from  Annecy),  from  which  there  is  a 
splendid  view  of  the  chain  of  Mont 

I   Blanc.    The  road  leads  down  in  2§  m. 

j   to  La  Giettaz,  a  hamlet  at  the  junction 

!   of  the  Aravis  and  Arondine  torrents. 

j  (Sallanches  may  be  reached  hence 
either  by  the  Col  Jaillet  or  by.  the 

j    Croisse  Banlet  (2  hrs.  up,  iJ-2§  hrs. 

I   down)  :  see  Rte.  H.  a.)   Hence  steep 

I  zigzags  lead  down  in  4J  m.  through  a 
most  picturesque  defile  to  Flumet,  on 
the  road  from  Ugines  to  Megeve  and 
Chamonix  (Rte.  H). 

2.  The  road  to  the  N  E.  mounts  to 
the  Col  de  St.  Jean  de  Sixt  (976  m., 
3,202  ft.),  which  separates  the  valleys 
of  the  Nom  and  of  the  Borne.  Hence 

p 


2io  LOWER  SAVOY.    §  n.  ANNECV  DISTRICT 


two  zigzags  lead  down  to  the  first 
bridge  ( i8j-  m.  from  Annecy)  over  the 
Borne.  (Here  branches  off  to  the 
N.E.  the  way  to  Cluses  by  the  Char- 
treuse du  Reposoir,  described  in  the 
next  Rte. )  The  road  to  Bonneville 
now  passes  along  the  r.  bank  of 
the  Borne  through  the  fine  defile  of 
Les  Et?-oits  to  the  village  of  Entre- 
mont  (21  \  m. )  Here  are  still  seen 
the  remains  of  a  celebrated  house  of 
Austin  Canons  Regular,  founded  in 
1 153  as  a  colony  from  Abondance,  but 
suppressed  in  1770.  (The  Col  de  la 
Buffaz  leads  S.  W.  in  4 J-  hrs.  to  Thuy, 
1^  m.  below  Thones  on  the  road  from 
Annecy,  by  two  glens  parallel  to  that 
of  the  Nona  above  Thones. )  3f  m. 
below  Entremont  is  Le  Cret,  the 
chief  hamlet  of  the  commune  of  Petit 
Bornand  and  of  the  valley  of  the 
Borne.  The  road  keeps  along  the 
r.  bank,  passing  several  hamlets, 
and  runs  through  the  narrow  gorge 
of  the  Borne,  on  emerging  from  which 
the  traveller  gains  a  fine  view  of  the 
junction  of  the  Borne  with  the  Arve, 
and  of  the  broad  valley  in  the  midst 
of  which  lies  Bonneville,  6 J  m.  from 
Le  Cret,  or  31  m.  from  Annecy,  by 
this  very  interesting  route. 


Route  G. 

ANNECY    TO    SALLANCHES  OR 
CLUSES. 

It  is  a  very  long  day  from  Annecy 
to  Sallanches  or  Cluses,  so  that  it  is 
best  to  sleep  at  Thones  (13  m.  by 
steam  tramway :  see  last  Rte. )  Thence 
the  route  of  the  Col  de  St.  Jean  de 
Sixt  is  followed  till  near  the  village  of 
that  name,  where  the  different  routes 
divide. 

If  bound  to  Sallanches  direct  the 
best  plan  is  to  follow  the  way  over 
the  Col  des  Aravis  ( char  road  to  Flumet , 
Rte.  F),  and  thence  go  by  the  road 
past  Megeve  to  Sallanches  (Rte.  H). 


If  bound  to  Cluses,  it  is  necessary 
to  follow  the  road  over  the  Col  de  St. 

\  Jean  de  Sixt  to  the  first  bridge  over 
the  Borne,  5 J  m.  from  Thones  (Rte. 
F).  Leaving  the  road  by  Petit  Bor- 
nand to  Bonneville  (see  last  Rte. )  on 
the  1.,  that  to  Cluses  mounts  N.E. 
along  the  1.  bank  of  the  Borne  to 
Villeneuve  (ijm. ),  931  m.,  3,055ft., 
the  chief  village  of  the  commune  of 
Grand  Bornand.  This  village  is  now 
a  favourite  summer  resort.  (There 
are  two  passes,  Grande  and  Petite 
Forclaz  (each  2,314  m.,  7,592  ft.), 
leading  hence,  by  the  Bombardelle 
huts,  in  the  Borne  glen,  over  the 
ridge  S.  of  the  Pointe  Percee  (c.  6 
hrs. )  to  Sallanches. ) 

It  is  situated  at  the  meeting  of  the 
Borne,  flowing  in  from  the  E.,  and  of 
the  Chinaillon,  descending  from  the 
N.  E.  Cluses  may  be  reached  through 

I   either  glen,  the  paths  reuniting  at  the 

:   Chartreuse  du  Reposoir. 

A  char  road  ascends  N.  E.  along  the 

I  r.  bank  of  the  Chinaillon  to  the  hamlet 
of  that  name  ( 1  hr. ),  and  to  Vanay, 

I  beyond.  Here  two  torrents  meet.  By 
following  that  descending  from  the  N. , 
and  finally  keeping  E.  ,the  pass  of  Haut 
du  Col,  lying  immediately  under  the 
pyramidal  summit  of  the  Pic  de  Jal- 
louvre  (2,438  m. ,  7,999  ft. ),  is  gained, 
whence  a  steep  descent  through  woods 
and  meadows  leads  S.  E.  down  to  the 
hamlet  oiP?-along,  near  the  monastery 
(4  hrs.  from  Grand  Bornand).  The 
way  along  the  stream  coming  from 

\  the  E.  is  less  steep,  and  more  interest- 
ing, but  J  hr.  longer.  It  mounts  due 
E.  past  the  Maroly  huts  to  the  Col 
des  A?ines,  1,710  m.,  5,610  ft.  (2J 
hrs.  from  Grand  Bornand),  on  which 
are  some  huts.  This  pass  may  also 
be  gained  from  Grand  Bornand  by 
the  Borne  glen  and  the  Tavaillon 
huts,  J-  hr.  being  saved  by  this  way. 
From  the  pass  a  path  leads  in  2  hrs. 
down  the  Foron  glen  past  the  two 
sets  of  Sommier  huts  and  the  monas- 
tery to  Pralong. 

Pralong  is  the  chief  hamlet  in  the 
Reposoir  valley,  and  is  prettily 
situated  in  a  green  meadow  basin  ; 


ROUTE  G.    ANNECY  TO  SALLANCHES  OR  CLUSES  211 


J  hr.  S.E.  of  it,  at  the  entrance  of  the 
Foron  gorge,  is  the  Chartreuse  du 
Reposoir ,  an  ancient  Carthusian 
monastery  founded  in  1151,  and  still 
inhabited  by  disciples  of  St.  Bruno. 
Though  only  the  portico  of  the  church 
and  the  small  cloister  date  from  the 
Middle  Ages  (both  fifteenth  century), 
the  fine  scenery  round  the  monastery 
renders  a  visit  to  it  very  interesting. 
Yet,  though  Saussure  came  hither 
several  times,  few  strangers  since  his 
days  have  found  their  way  to  this  se- 
cluded spot.  The  valley  and  the 
mountains  around  it  are  remarkably 
rich  in  rare  plants,  including  most  of 
the  species  peculiar  to  the  calcareous 
rocks  of  this  part  of  the  Alpine  chain. 
The  glen  is  enclosed  between  the 
range  of  the  Bargy  on  the  W.  and  the 
N.  end  of  the  Aravis  range  on  the  E. 

[The  highest  point  of  the  latter 
ridge  is  the  Pointe  Percee  du  Eepo- 
soir  (2,752  m.,  9,029  ft.),  a  shattered 
wall  of  limestone  rock,  seemingly  in- 
accessible. The  name  is  taken  from 
an  opening  pierced  by  nature  through 
this  wall ;  this  hole  is  well  seen  from 
the  Chartreuse,  and  even,  it  is  said, 
from  Geneva.  The  peak  may  be  as- 
cended by  a  rough  climb  (on  which  a 
guide  is  desirable,  as  the  rocks  are 
steep).  A  traveller  coming  from 
Pralong  or  Grand  Bornand  should 
strike  the  watershed  between  the 
Reposoir  and  Borne  glens,  W.  of  the 
peak,  as  high  up  as  possible,  and  then 
ascend  due  S.  to  a  limestone  desert  at 
the  base  of  the  W.  wall  of  the  peak. 
In  this  he  will  discover  a  wide, 
steep  gully,  leading  to  the  final  ridge 
S.  of  the  cross  that  marks  the  sum- 
mit (5-6  hrs.  from  either  place  to  the 
summit,  or  2  hrs.  from  the  desert).  A 
traveller  coming  from  Sallanches  (4J 
hrs.  up  thence)  must  cross  the  main 
ridge  immediately  S.  of  the  peak. 
After  descending  but  a  few  yards  he 
will  find  it  easy  to  climb  the  cliff  on 
his  right  hand ;  crossing  its  crest  at 
the  most  convenient  point  he  finds  a 
horizontal  ledge  which  leads  him  into 
the  wide  gully  above  its  steepest  por- 
tion. This  is,  on  the  whole,  the  least 


laborious  route,  but  it  appears  to  be 
still  unknown  locally.  The  view 
of  Mont  Blanc  is  extremely  fine 
from  this  summit,  the  plain  of  Sal- 
lanches, then  the  ravine  of  the  Arve, 
and  finally  the  Bossons  glacier  leading 
the  eye  straight  to  the  crown  of  the 
mountain.  The  downs  near  Megeve, 
and  the  green  valley  of  the  Reposoir, 
give  variety  to  the  panorama,  which 
also  includes  many  of  the  peaks  of 
Dauphine  and  the  Tarentaise.J 

From  Pralong  it  is  possible  to  go 
by  the  Mery  huts  and  the  Col  Doran 
to  Sallanches  in  5  hrs.    Most  visitors 
will  probably  prefer  the  char  road 
I   along  the  1.  bank  of  the  Foron,  which 
I   runs  through  the  picturesque  glen, 
joining  the  high  road  in  the  Arve 
j   valley   half    way   (f   m. )  between 
I   Scionzier  and  C/uses,  the  last-named 
place  being  7 \  m.  from  Pralong. 


Route  H. 

ANNECY  OR  ALBERTVILLE  TO  SAL- 
LANCHES OR  ST.  GERVAIS.  MONT 
JOLY. 

There  is  now  a  good  carriage  road 
through  the  upper  Arly  valley  to  that 
of  the  Arve.  A  through  service  b}' 
steamer  and  diligence  has  been  or- 
ganised from  Annecy  by  Flumet  and 
St.  Gervais  to  Chamonix  (n  hrs.),  and 
this  is  the  pleasantest  way  of  reaching 
Chamonix  from  the  Dauphine  or  the 
Tarentaise.  The  road  is  very  striking 
and  beautiful.  Fontaines  d'Ugines 
to  M£geve,  15  ra.  ;  thence  7  or  8  m. 

Whether  the  traveller  starts  from 
Annecy  or  Albertville,  he  must  follow 
the  route  from  one  to  the  other  of 
those  two  places  as  far  as  Fontaines 
d' Ugines,  23  m.  from  Annecy,  and 
5  m.  from  Albertville  (Rte.  E).  This 
village  is  at  the  foot  of  a  hill,  whereon 
(1  m.  distant  by  road)  is  the  large, 
straggling  town  of  Ugines,  overlooked 
by  the   remains  of  a  very  ancient 

P  2 


212 


LOWER  SAVOY.    §  n.  ANNECY  DISTRICT 


castle  perched  on  a  rock.  Due  N.  is 
the  Mont  Charvin(2^i^m.J  7,920ft. ), 
one  of  the  highest  summits  in  the 
ranges  lying  W.  of  the  Arly  and  the 
Isere.  It  was  one  of  the  stations 
used  in  the  triangulation  of  France, 
and  commands  an  admirable  view. 
(For  the  ascent  from  Serraval  or 
Thones,  see  Rtes.  E  and  F. ) 

The  new  road  to  Flumet  does  not 
mount  to  Ugines  itself,  but  from  Fon- 
taines commences  to  ascend  the  Arly 
valley.  It  keeps  always  close  to  the  tor- 
rent (crossed  six  times  before  Flumet), 
through  a  very  beautiful  winding  cleft 
between  broken  and  well-wooded 
crags,  which  at  times  approach  so 
closely  that  it  is  necessary  to  blast  a 
shelf  or  tunnel  for  the  road.  There 
are  many  villages  scattered  on  the 
broad,  gentle  slopes  high  above  the 
W.  bank  of  the  Arly,  of  which  Hery, 
beautifully  situated  amidst  bold  rocks 
and  fine  forest,  is  the  principal.  The 
road  passes  below  Her}7,  then  gradu- 
ally climbs  out  of  the  defile,  crosses 
the  Flon,  passes  below  St.  Nicolas 
de  la  Chapelle,  and  by  a  remarkably 
bold  bridge  crosses  the  Arondine  (up 
which  goes  the  much  recommended 
way  to  St.  Jean  de  Sixt  and  Cluses 
or  Thones  by  the  Col  des  Aravis, 
Rte.  F.  1),  before  gaining  the  knoll  on 
which  is  perched,  above  the  meeting 
of  the  two  torrents,  the  large  village  of 

Flumet,  917  m.,  3.009  ft.  (8f  m. 
from  Fontaines  d;Ugines),  which  con- 
sists of  but  a  single  street,  but  over- 
hangs the  Arve,  nearly  200  ft.  below, 
and  has  an  unexpected  view  of  the 
great  white  ridge  falling  from  Mont 
Blanc  to  the  Aiguille  du  Goiiter. 
There  is  a  ruined  castle  above  it, 
formerly  belonging  to  the  lords  of  the 
Faucigny,  from  whom  the  small  town 
obtained  municipal  privileges  as  early 
as  1228.  Nowadays  it  is  a  busy 
tourist  centre,  as  the  roads  from  Fon- 
taines d'Ugines,  from  Megeve,  and 
from  the  Col  des  Aravis  all  meet 
here,  while  a  good  mule  path  leads 
S.E.  over  the  mountains,  or  by  the 
Col  des  Saisies,  to  Haute  Luce  and 
Beaufort  (6  hrs.,  Rte.  I). 


Above  Flumet  the  valley  is  green, 
broad,  and  open.  The  road  runs  along 
the  r.  bank  of  the  Arly  for  rather  over 
6  m.,  ascending  slightly,  the  snowy 
crests  of  the  Mont  Blanc  chain  being 
generally  in  sight.  In  this  wray  the 
traveller  reaches  Megeve  (1,125  m-> 
3,691  ft. ),  a  large  village  standing  on 
the  open  watershed  between  the  Arly 
and  the  Arve. 

[This    is    the    most  convenient 
starting  point   for  those   who  wish 
to  make    the  ascent   of  the  Mont 
Joly   (2,527  m.,    8,291  ft.)  This 
excursion   may  be  made  also  from 
St.  Gervais  or  Contamines  (c.  4  hrs. )  ; 
but  it  is  a  better   arrangement  to 
ascend  from  Megeve,  and  to  descend 
to  St.  Gervais,  thus  saving  labour, 
reaching  the  summit  at   an  earlier 
hour,  and  securing  the  most  advan- 
tageous  points   of  view.  Megeve 
being  500  m.   (1,640  ft.)  above  the 
Baths  of  St.  Gervais,  fully  an  hour 
is  saved  in  the  ascent,  which  may  be 
made  in  3J  hrs.  from  Megeve,  the 
way  being  so  easy  that  a  mule  may 
be  taken  to  the  little  inn  on  the  N, 
ridge,  1  hr.  below  the  summit.  The 
Mont  Joly  stands  in  a  similar  relation 
to  the  W.  end  of  the  Mont  Blanc 
chain  that  the  Brevent,  Catogne,  and 
Crammont  hold  respectively  to  the 
N. ,  E. ,  and  S.  faces  of  that  great 
range,  for  the  Mont  Joly  is  separated 
from  it  merely  by  the  valley  of  Mont- 
joie.   Besides  the  grand  view  of  Mont 
Blanc,  the  range  of  the  Buet  and  the 
mountains  of  Sixt  are  well  seen  from 
here,  and   the  Wildstrubel,  in  the 
Bernese  Alps,  appears  over  the  Col  de 
Balme.    In  the  opposite  direction  the 
eye  ranges  along  the  valley  of  the 
Isere  to  the  heights  above  Grenoble. 
I   The  descent   to    St.   Gervais  takes 
:   about  2  hrs.    From  Megeve  the  Col 
I   de  Very  (1,983  m.,  6,506  ft.)  leads 
\   S.  by  Haute  Luce  to  Beaufort  in  6  or 
7  hrs.     It  is   interesting  as  having 
j   been  crossed  on  Aug.  19,  1689,  by 
I   the  Vaudois  under   Henri  Arnaud, 
;   when  making  their  4  Glorieuse  Ren- 
tree '  into  the  Waldensian  Valleys  of 
I   Piedmont ;   they  did  not  descend  to 


ROUTE  H.    ANNECY  OR  ALBERTVILLE  TO  SALLANCHES  213 


Haute  Luce,  but  from  the  pass  bore 
S.E.,  and  traversed  the  Enclave  or 
Col  de  la  Fenetre  (2,263  m-  >  7A2S  ft- ) 
to  the  La  Balme  inn  on  the  Col  du 
Bonhomme  route.] 

2  m.  N.E.  of  Megeve  the  road 
divides,  both  branches  being  of  very 
great  beauty,  so  that  it  is  impossible 
to  recommend  one  more  than  the 
other. 

{a)  That  to  Sallanches  (8  m.) 
bends  N.W.,  and  passes  the  village 
of  Combloux  (3J  m. ),  from  which  the 
view  of  Mont  Blanc  almost  rivals  that 
to  be  obtained  from  the  Mont  Joly. 
It  descends  in  the  same  direction  by 
zigzags  and  through  a  fine  forest, 
growing  on  the  moraine  of  the  pre- 
historic glacier  of  Mont  Blanc,  with 
views  of  the  snowy  peaks,  to  Sal- 
lanches. 

There  is  a  beautiful  way  for  pedes- 
trians from  Megeve  to  Sallanches 
(c.  3  hrs. )  Bear  N.W.  to  a  great 
stone  cross  on  a  spur  marked  by 
an  outcrop  of  white  rock,  the 
Croix  de  Christo?net.  Thence 
go  over  downs,  cross  the  hollow 
traversed  by  the  track  of  the  grassy 
Col  Jaillet  (giving  access  by  Prise 
Nouvelle  to  La  Giettaz,  at  the  foot  of 
the  Col  des  Aravis),  and  then  walk 
by  a  level  track  along  the  wooded 
crest  of  the  ridge  dividing  the  head 
waters  of  the  Arve  and  the  Aron- 
dine.  The  views  up  towards  Mont 
Blanc  and  across  the  Sallanches  basin 
are  wonderful.  From  the  highest 
point,  the  Croisse  Baulet  (2,236  m., 
7,336  ft.),  a  bold,  grassy  knoll,  it  is 
easy  to  go  down  N.E.  to  Sallanches 
by  the  Croix  du  Planay  ridge  and  the 
hamlet  of  Cordon. 

(b)  The  road  to  St.  Gervais  (6f  m.) 
bends  E.  and  winds  along  the  upland 
meadows  on  the  mountain-side,  with 
glorious  views  first  of  Mont  Blanc 
itself,  then  of  one  or  another  of  its 
pinnacles.  It  then  descends  through 
a  noble  pine  forest  towards  the  Mont- 
joie  glen,  crosses  the  Bonnant  by  a 
new  bridge  of  great  span  above  the 
old  Pont  du  Diable,  destroyed  by  the 
1  great  flood  in  1892,  and  so  gains 


St.  Gervais  le  Village.  Hence  it  is 
2 J  m.  by  road  (20  min.  by  footpath) 
to  Le  Fayet,  on  the  main  road  in  the 
valley  of  the  Arve,  by  which  Chamonix 
is  reached  in  about  12  m.  more. 


ROUTE  I. 

ALBERTVILLE  TO  ST.   GERVAIS  BY 
THE  VALLEY  OF  BEAUFORT. 

Albertville  to  Beaufort,  12^  m.  ;  dili- 
gence daily  in  3  hrs.  Albertville  to 
Haute  Luce,  15^  m.  by  carriage  road, 
5  hrs.'  walking  to  Contamines,  and 
5^  m.  by  char  road  to  St.  Gervais. 

A  short  distance  N.  of  Albertville 
the  Arly  receives  from  the  E.  a 
powerful  torrent,  which,  to  distinguish 
\  it  from  other  streams  of  the  same 
i  name,  is  called  the  Doron  de  Beaufort. 
This  drains  the  entire  mountain  dis- 
trict of  Beaufort,  lying  between 
Albertville  and  the  chain  of  Mont 
Blanc.  This  district  contains  some 
fine  scenery  and  many  rare  plants. 
It  may  be  very  conveniently  visited 
on  the  way  to  Mont  Blanc  by  a 
traveller  coming  from  the  S. 

After  crossing  the  bridge  over  the 
Arly  at  Albertville,  the  road  mounts 
N.E.  to  Venthoriy  above  the  junction 
of  the  Doron  with  the  Arly.  For 
about  3  J  m.  beyond  it  follows  (on  the 
I.  bank)  the  windings  of  the  stream 
through  a  deep  and  most  picturesque 
defile.  Indeed,  the  whole  gorge  to 
Beaufort  has  been  called  '  a  Savoyard 
Val  Mastallone,  combining  with  Swiss 
pastoral  features  something  of  Italian 
grace  and  variety,  and  adding  to  these 
as  its  peculiar  t:harm  mossy  greenness 
and  red-tiled  farmhouses.'  A  little 
before  reaching  the  village  of  Queige 
(5 J  m.  from  Albertville)  the  road 
crosses  to  the  r.  bank.  At  Queige 
the  valley  of  Beaufort  opens  out  to 
the  E. ,  between  the  Mont  de  Mirantin, 
on  the  S.,  and  the  Bisanne,  on  the  N. 
It   soon   narrows   again,   and  later 


214       LOWER  SAVOY.    §  n.  ALBERTVILLE  DISTRICT 


passes  the  village  of  Villard  de  Beau- 
fort (10  m.  from  Albertville),  in  a  very 
beautiful  position  amid  meadows  and 
forests.  I  m.  further  the  new  road 
to  Haute  Luce  branches  off  (see 
below),  while  that  up  the  main  valley 
passes  round  the  S.  foot  of  the  conical 
hill  on  which,  overlooking  the  whole 
glen,  stands  the  ancient  castle  of 
Beaufort,  crosses  the  Dorinet,  flowing 
from  the  Haute  Luce  glen,  and 
reaches 

Beaufort  (12J  m.  from  Albert- 
ville), 758m.,  2,487  ft.,  the  principal 
village  in  the  valley.  It  has  about 
2,400  inhabitants,  and  is  famous  for 
possessing  the  finest  pasturages  in 
South  Savoy.  Beaufort  lies  in  a 
secluded  meadow  basin,  shut  off  from 
the  outer  world  ;  its  streets  are  nar- 
row, and  on  market  days  are  thronged 
by  peasants  clad  in  the  long  coats  and 
the  red  waistcoats  which  formed  the 
old  Savoyard  dress,  worn,  as  we  learn 
from  authentic  pictures,  by  Saus- 
tfure's  guides  on  his  celebrated  ascent 
of  Mont  Blanc.  The  castle  was 
visited  in  1600  by  Henri  Quatre,  who 
spent  several  days  here  during  his 
war  with  the  duke  of  Savoy  ;  it  is 
best  reached  by  the  new  road  in  the 
'  Haute  Luce  glen. 

Beaufort  is  sometimes  called  St. 
Maxime,  from  the  early  mission- 
ary who  first  introduced  Christianity 
here,  but  is  better  known  from 
its  present  name,  derived  from 
the  castle  above  it.  It  is  finely 
situated  at  the  opening  of  the  three 
valleys.  From  the  N.E.  the  Dorinet 
torrent,  flowing  through  the  valley  of 
Haute  Luce,  joins  the  Doron  a  short 
way  below  the  village,  and  up  this 
glen  lies  the  way  to  St.  Gervais,  to  be 
described  presently.  Exactly  oppo- 
site the  valley  of  Pontcellamot  opens 
to  the  S.  (Rte.  L),  while  to  the  E.  is 
the  main  valley,  of  which  a  glen  above 
Beaufort  is  called  the  valley  of  the 
Gitte. 

From  Beaufort  the  village  of  Haute 
Luce  may  be  reached  in  two  ways. 
As  noted  above  the  char  road  leaves 
the  main  valley  i|  m.  below  Beau- 


fort, and  mounts  by  zigzags  on  the 
N.W.  of  the  castle  (hence  easily 
reached  by  a  road  cut  in  the  rock  in 
%\  hr.  from  Beaufort),  and  then  runs 
above  the  r.  bank  of  the  Dorinet  to 
Haute  Lttce  (4§  m.  from  Beaufort,  or 
15!  m.  direct  from  Albertville). 
(Pedestrians  are  recommended  to  fol- 
low the  old  road  (a  mule  path),  which 
mounts  steeply  N.  of  Beaufort,  turns 
round  the  angle  of  the  mountain, 
passes  through  a  thick  forest,  and 
beyond  the  hamlet  of  Traverses 
crosses  from  the  1.  bank  of  the  Dori- 
net (followed  hitherto)  to  Haute  Luce, 
which  is  if  hr.  from  Beaufort  by  this 
route. )  Haute  Luce  is  a  large  village 
at  a  height  of  1,153  m-  (3>7&3  ft.) 

[Hence  a  mule  path  leads  N.W. 
over  the  mountains,  over  the  Col  des 
Saisies — a  great  grassy  plain,  where 
there  is  a  fair  on  Midsummer's  Eve— 
(1,650  m.,  5,414  ft.),  and  to  Notre 
Dame  de  Bellecombe  and  Flumet, 
Rte.  H,  6hrs-3 

The  traveller  bound  to  St.  Gervais 
must  follow  the  mule  path  along  the 
r.  bank  of  the  Dorinet  in  a  N.E.  direc- 
tion past  Annuity  \  hr.  (whence  the 
Col  de  Very  leads  to  Megeve,  Rte.  H), 
to  some  mills  near  the  Plaiiay  huts, 
;   at  the  base  of  the  last  ascent  (f  hr. ) 
[Here  a  track  turning  S.  mounts  to 
the  pretty  Lac  de  la  Girottaz  ( 1 ,736  m. , 
5,696  ft. ),  2  hrs.  from  Haute  Luce,  and 
a  favourite  excursion  from  Beaufort,  as 
I   it  may  also  be  reached  from  Fontanus 
i   (next  Rte.),  past  the  Outray  huts.  It 
lies   in  a  deep   hollow  N.   of  the 
Rockers  des  Enclaves,  and  is  stocked 
with  fine  trout,  brought  from  the  lake 
on  the  Mont  Cenis.    The  upper  end 
of  the  Dorinet  valley,  and  especially 
the  neighbourhood  of  the  lake,  is  rich 
in  rare  plants.    Among  others  may 
be  mentioned  Gentiana  Burseri,  G. 
purpurea,  G. punctata,  and  G.  angustz- 
>  folia,  Epipogium   Gmeltnt,  Listera 
cor  data,    and    Corallorhiza  innata. 
\   From  Planay  another  track  bears  to 
the  E. ,  and  after  passing  the  Colombe 
I  huts  crosses  the  Enclave  or  Col  de  la 
!   Fenetre  (2,263  m.,  7,425  ft.)  to  the 
i   La  Balme  inn,  on  the  Col  du  Bon- 


ROUTE  K.    ALBERT VI LLE  TO  BOURG  SAINT  MAURICE  215 


homme  route,  §  16.  Rte.  E,  3  hrs.  from 
Planay.  Jj 

The  way  to  St.  Gervais  mounts 
from  Planay  to  the  N.E.,  and  at 
the  last  huts  becomes  a  foot  path. 
Several  small  ravines  are  crossed,  and 
steep  grass  slopes  ascended  till  in  1 J 
hr.  from  Planay  (4  firs,  from  Beaufort) 
the  Col  Joly  (1,999  m.,  6,559  ft.)  is 
attained.  The  descent  lies  N.E.  to 
Cont amines  (1  hr. ),  on  the  Col  du 
Bonhomme  route,  whence  St.  Gervais 
is  5  J-  m.  distant  by  char  road. 


Route  K. 

ALBERT  VI  LLE  TO  CONTAMINES  OR 
BOURG  ST.  MAURICE  BY  BEAU- 
FORT. 

This  route  lies  E.  up  the  main 
branch  of  the  Beaufort  valley,  the 
Cormet  de  Roselend  being  the  prin- 
cipal pass,  while  there  are  other 
rougher  foot  paths  through  various 
side  glens.  The  distance  by  this  pass 
to  Bourg  St.  Maurice  is  18J  m. ,  and 
there  is  a  char  road  all  the  way,  save 
between  Roselend  and  Les  Chapieux, 
where  the  mule  path  is  being  turned 
into  a  char  road. 

On  leaving  Beaufort  the  valley  soon 
narrows  into  a  very  fine  gorge,  in 
which  the  road  crosses  to  the  L  bank 
of  the  torrent.  At  the  hamlet  of 
Fontanus  (2f  m. ),  where  the  Gitte 
joins  the  main  stream  (see  1.  below), 
the  road  recrosses  the  stream.  It 
now  turns  abruptly  to  the  S.,  and, 
crossing  the  torrent,  mounts  by  great 
zigzags  on  first  one,  then  the  other 
bank,  till  beyond  Les  Tines,  opposite 
the  mouth  of  the  Treicol  glen  (for  the 
passes  through  it  see  2.  and  3.  below), 
it  turns  N.E.  and  mounts  along  the 
r.  bank  to  the  hamlet  -of  Roselend, 
1,480  m.,  4,856  ft.  (6 \  m.  from 
Beaufort),  a  village  admirably  situated 
on  the  edge  of  the  forest,  and  deserv- 
ing to  be  tetter  known  to  travellers. 
{Hence  the  route  of  the  Col  de  la 


Sauce,  below,  can  be  reached  at  the 
Gitte  huts  over  a  low  pass. )  Beyond 
Roselend  the  mule  path  crosses  the 
Doron  for  the  last  time,  then  mounts 
on  its  1.  bank,  leaving  it  more  and 
more  on  the  1.,  round  the  N.  foot  of 
the  Roc  du  Bio/ley,  to  some  fine  pas- 
tures, over  which  the  track  ascends 
gently  to  the  Cormet  de  Roselend, 
1,923  m.,  6,309  ft.  \i\  m.,  about 
l|  hr.  walking,  from  Roselend.) 
(Cormet  is  the  local  word  for  a 
'col.')  A  gentle  descent  E.  over 
pastures  leads  down  in  a  good  hour 
to  the  village  of  Les  Chapieux, 
1,509  m.,  4,951  ft.  [i\  m.),  at  the 
junction  of  the  routes  from  the  Cols 
du  Bonhomme  and  de  la Seigne  (§  16. 
Rte.  E). 

The  great  majority  cf  travellers 
who  visit  Chapieux  are  on  their 
way  to  or  from  one  of  the  two 
last-named  passes.  Comparatively 
few  descend  through  the  wild  and 
somewhat  dreary  glen  which  leads  to 
the  valley  of  the  Isere.  The  char 
road  follows  the  r.  bank  of  the  Ruis- 
seau  des  Glaciers  till  it  crosses  to  the 
Crey  Bettex  huts,  on  the  opposite 
bank  ( 1  hr. ,  2  m. ),  \  hr.  below  which 
is  the  Croix  de  dinettes.  2  m. 
further  down  the  glen  the  traveller 
reaches  Bonneval  les  Bains  (2J  hrs. 
from  Les  Chapieux),  a  hamlet  at  the 
height  of  1,084  m-  (3>557  ft-)>  at  tne 
junction  of  the  main  stream  with  the 
Versoye  torrent  (flowing  S.W.  from 
the  little  known  Col  de  Breuil — see 
§  14.  Rte.  G),  which  has  an  Etablisse- 
ment  des  Bains,  at  present  sparsely 
frequented,  but  said  to  be  on  the 
high  road  to  fame  and  popularity. 
A  brighter  vegetation  offers  an  agree- 
able change  from  the  stern  barrenness 
through  which  the  track  has  lain 
since  quitting  Chapieux.  The  road 
soon  crosses  to  the  r.  bank,  and  keep- 
ing at  some  distance  above  it  gains 
Le  Chdtelard  at  the  mouth  of  <  the 
glen,  then  bears  S.W.  in  order  to 
descend  to  Bourg  St.  Maurice  (§  12. 
Rte.  A),  at  the  foot  of  the  Little  St. 
Bernard  Pass,  a  good  hr,  from 
Bonneval. 


2i6       LOWER  SAVOY.    §  ii.  ALBERTVILLE  DISTRICT 


There  are  several  other  mountain 
paths  by  which  the  traveller  may 
cross  more  or  less  directly  from  Beau- 
fort to  the  Isere  valley.  The  first 
described  below  is  most  convenient  for 
any  one  really  bound  for  Contamines, 
while  the  two  others  properly  lead 
down  to  Aime,  about  half-way  between 
Moutiers  and  Bourg  St.  Maurice. 

I .  By  the  Col  de  la  Sauce.  — 4  hrs.  to 
the  Col ;  thence  3 -J  hrs.  to  Contamines, 
or  5J  hrs.  to  Bourg  St.  Maurice. 
From  Beaufort  the  road  is  followed 
(as  above)  to  the  hamlet  of  Fontcmus 
( 2f  m. )  Hence  the  traveller  mounts 
N.E.  by  a  path  first  on  the  1.,  then 
on  the  r.  bank  of  the  Gitte,  in  the 
glen  of  that  name,  to  the  Gitte  huts 
(1,674  m->  5j492  ft-)>  at  lts  nead 
(?  2.\  hrs.  from  Beaufort).  The 
scenery  of  the  upper  end  of  the  glen 
is  extremely  fine,  and  the  many  scarce 
plants  will  reward  the  botanist. 
Near  the  highest  huts  Phaca  frigida 
has  been  found,  with  Potentilla 
minima,  Gentiana  brachyphylla,  and 
other  rarities. 

a.  From  the  huts  a  path  ascends 
steeply  by  zigzags  on  the  r.  bank  of 
the  torrent,  and  rounds  the  S.  slope 
of  Les  Bancs  to  the  Cavets  huts  near 
the  Col  du  Bonhomme  route,  a  little 
below  the  pass,  by  which  Contamines 
is  reached. 

b.  The  traveller  bound  to  Bourg 
St.  Maurice  should  follow  the  track 
on  the  1.  bank  of  the  torrent,  which 
leads  in  \\  hr.  from  the  huts  to  the  Col 
de  la  Sauce  (2,012  m.,  6,601  ft.), 
between  Les  Bancs,  the  end  of  the  M. 
Roselette  ridge,  on  the  N.,  and  the 
Roches  Merles  on  the  S.  The  traveller 
has  now  reached  a  point  not  far  from 
the  junction  between  the  head  of  the 
Gitte  glen  of  the  Beaufort  valley 
and  that  of  Montjoie,  though  f  hr. 
distant  from  the  Col  du  Bonhomme. 
The  track  over  that  pass  is  gained  near 
the  Cavets  huts  between  the  Col  and 
the  Croix,  the  former  being  crossed  to 
reach  Contamines,  the  latter  if 
Chapieux  or  Bourg  St.  Maurice  is  the 
goal  of  the  traveller. 

c.  If  coming  from  Roselend  the 


Cavets  huts  may  be  reached  direct  in 
4  hrs.  by  quitting  the  route  of  the 
Cormet  de  Roselend  after  it  has 
rounded  the  N.  foot  of  the  Roc  du 
Biolley,  and  then  bearing  N.E.  by 
the  Chavonnes  huts,  and  over  a 
pass,  2,319  m.,  7,609  ft.  (some- 
times called  Col  de  la  Sauced 
between  the  Roches  Merles  and  the 
Crete  des  Gittes.  A  low  pass  also 
leads  from  Roselend,  to  the  Chatelard 
huts,  in  the  Gitte  glen,  and  then  to 
the  Gitte  huts  themselves. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  Bresson. — About 
10  hrs.  from  Beaufort  to  Bourg  St. 
Maurice.  This  and  the  following  pass 
lie  through  the  Treicol  glen,  which 
joins  that  of  the  Doron  not  far  from 
the  hamlet  of  Les  Tines,  at  the  point 
where  the  road  to  Roselend  finally 
bears  N.E.  To  reach  the  Treicol 
glen  the  traveller  must  leave  the  road 
to  Roselend  just  before  it  crosses  to 
Les  Tines,  on  the  r.  bank  (2  hrs. ),  and 
keep  along  a  mule  path  on  the  1.  bank 
of  the  Treicol  glen  to  the  Cula  huts 
[\  hr. )  This  path  soon  crosses  to  the 
r.  bank  and  passes  the  hamlet  of 
Treicol  before  gaining  that  of  Presset 
( \\ -2  hrs. ),  where  the  mule  path  ends. 
The  path  to  the  Col  de  Bresson  bears 
S.  E. ,  and  mounts  to  the  pass  ( \\ hr. ), 
2,460  m.,  8,071  ft.,  some  way  N.E.  of 
the  Pierre  Menta  (2,715m.,  8, 908  ft. ) , 
a  remarkable  square  tower  of  rock, 
easily  accessible  by  its  S.  ridge. 
The  descent  leads  S.E.  to  the  Balme 
huts  (f  hr. ),  beyond  which  the  path 
runs  along  the  1.  bank  of  the  Ormente 
torrent.  By  following  it  due  S.  it  is 
easy  to  reach  Aime  (4J  hrs.  from 
the  pass),  on  the  high  road  between 
Moutiers  and  Bourg  St.  Maurice,  9  m. 
from  the  former  and  7  m.  from  the 
latter  place.  But  by  taking  from  the 
pine  forest  some  way  below  La  Balme 
at  each  fork  of  the  path  the  l.-hand 
track,  even  where  it  ascends,  the 
traveller  can  gradually  bear  round  to 
the  E.  to  the  village  of  Les  Chapelles, 
and  continue  by  paths  above  the  high 
road  to  Bourg  St.  Maurice  itself. 

3.  By  the  Col  du  Coi?t. — From  the 
Presset  huts  in  the  Treicol  glen  a  path 


ROUTE  L.    BEAUFORT  TO  MOUTIERS 


217 


mounts  S.W.  to  this  pass  (2,406  m., 
7,894  ft.),  and  descends,  after  making 
a  traverse,  to  the  W.  along  the  hill- 
side, to  the  chapel  of  St.  Guerin  {c. 
2\  hrs.  from  Presset),  on  the  Isere  side 
of  the  Cormet  d'i\reches,  described 
in  the  next  Route.  From  the  pass 
the  remarkable  obelisk  of  the  Pierre 
Menta  (2,715  m.,  8,908  ft.),  on  the 
E. ,  may  be  reached  in  i|  hr.  by  the 
rS.  ridge. 


Route  L, 

BEAUFORT  TO  MOUTIERS  TAREN- 
TAISE. 

As  Moutiers,  the  capital  of  the 
Tarentaise  (§12.  Rte.  A),  lies  at  the 
S.  extremity  of  a  ridge  which  projects 
to  the  S.  from  the  main  mass  of  the 
mountains  of  Beaufort,  it  is  reached 
from  Beaufort  by  passes  which  join 
the  valley  of  the  Isere  some  miles  to 
the  N.W.  or  N.E.  of  the  town.  The 
way  from  Beaufort  to  all  of  them  lies 
due  S.  by  a  char  road  which  mounts 
rather  rapidly  along  the  r.  bank  of 
the  Argentine  torrent  to  the  hamlet  of 
Areches  (1  hr. ),  at  the  junction  of  the 
Argentine  with  the  Pontcellamot 
stream. 

[Hence  a  well -traced  mule  path 
leads  S.W.  through  the  upper  bit  of 
the  Argentine  glen  to  the  Col  de 
la  Bdtkie,  1,906  m.,  6,253  ft.  (2J- 
3  hrs. ),  from  which  the  La  Bathie 
or  Cevins  stations,  on  the  railway 
from  Albertville  to  Moutiers,  may  be 
gained  in  5^-6  hrs.  from  Beaufort. 
The  former  is  5-J  m.  from  Albert- 
ville, and  12  m.  from  Moutiers;  the 
latter  is  2 J  m.  nearer  Moutiers.] 

The  lover  of  Alpine  scenery  will  pre- 
fer to  follow  the  main  branch  of  the  val- 
ey,  now  called  valley  of  Pontcellamot 
by  the  char  road  along  the  r.  bank  of 
the  torrent  of  the  same  name.  This 
runs  nearly  due  S,  to  Colombieres 
(20  min.  beyond  Areches),  whence  it 


is  only  a  mule  path.  The  glen  is 
narrow,  and  passes  between  wooded 
slopes,  as  well  as  through  a  consider- 
able forest,  before  reaching  the  Chapel 
of  St.  Guerin,  §  hr.  from  Colom- 
bieres, or  2  hrs.  from  Beaufort.  Here 
the  path  divides,  passing  through 
glens  on  the  S.W.  or  S.E.  The 
most  interesting  way,  especially  to 
the  botanist,  is  the  former  track,  which 
passes  over  the  Col  de  la  Louze. 

{a)  By  the  Col  de  la  Louze. — 8  hrs. 
from  Beaufort  to  N.  D.  de  Briancon. 
The  mule  path  mounts  S.W.  by  the 
Grande  Combe  to  the  pass  (2,125  m-> 
6,972  ft. )  Hence  it  is  easy  to  go  W. 
by  the  Dar  glen  to  Cevins.  But  the 
usual  track  descends  S.  to  the  chalet 
called  La  Grande  Maison,  and,  after 
following  the  torrent  in  the  glen  of 
that  name  in  a  S.W.  direction  for  a 
considerable  distance,  bears  S.  some 
way  before  reaching  the  Trepitine 
hut,  in  order  to  cross  the  ridge  which 
separates  it  from  another  parallel 
stream  more  to  the  E.  In  this  way 
the  village  of  Gra?zd  Naves  is  at- 
tained, and  here  begins  a  char  road, 
which  leads  down  to  Petit  Cceur,  not 
far  from  the  Notre  Dame  de  Briancon 
station,  on  the  railway  from  Albert- 
ville to  Moutiers,  5  m.  from  the  last- 
named  place.  It  is  also  easy  to  keep 
from  Trepitine  always  along  the  r. 
bank  of  the  stream  down  the  main 
glen  straight  to  N.D.  de  Briancon. 
By  the  torrent  descending  from  the 
Col  the  botanist  may  find  Eryngium 
alpinum,  Rhaponticum  scariosum,  and 
Sonchus  Plu??iieri,  and  on  the  Col 
Luzula  pedifonnis. 

(3)  By  the  Cor??iet  d 'Areches. — 
6J-7  hrs.  to  Aime.  The  main  mule 
path  mounts  S.E.  from  St  Guerin 
along  the  1.  bank  of  the  stream,  the 
surrounding  region  being  very  bare 
after  the  Derochoirs  huts  are  passed. 
In  if  hr.  from  the  chapel  the 
traveller  reaches  the  Col  (c.  2,000  m. , 
6,562  ft.),  N.  of  the  Crete  du  Rey 
(2,689  m. ,  8,823  ft.),  which  can  be 
easily  ascended  from  the  pass.  The 
track  descends  S.E.  to  some  chalets, 
where  is   a  second    Chapel  of  St. 


2i8        LOWER  SAVOY.    §  u.  ALBERTVILLE  DISTRICT 


Gnerin  ( 20  min. )  ( Here  the  path  from 
the  Co  ]  du  Coin — see  last  Rte.  3  — 
falls  in. )  It  then  continues  to  go 
down  the  r.  bank  of  the  torrent 
through  a  great  pine  forest,  becoming 
a  char  road  \  m,  before  reaching  the 
large  village  of  Granier  ( \\  hr. ),  which 
overlooks  the  valley  of  the  Isere* 


I  The  road  makes  great  zigzags,  and  by 
1  it  i\  hr.  is  required  to  gain  Aime,  in 
the  Isere  valley,  which  may  be 
reached  more  directly  in  f  hr.  by  the 
I  old  mule  path.  Aime  is  9  m.  from 
j  Moutiers,  and  7  m.  from  Bourg  St. 
i  Maurice,  by  the  Little  St,  Bernard 
I  high  road, 


219 


CHAPTER  V. 
GRAIAN  ALPS. 


Section  12. 

Grande  Casse  District  (Western 
Graians). 

Route. 

A.  St.  Pierre  dAlbigny  to  Bourg  St. 

Maurice.    The  Tarentaise. 

B.  Bourg  St.  Maurice  to  Lanslebourg 

by  the  Col  d'Iseran.  History  of 
the  Mont  Iseran. 

C.  La  Chambre  to  Moutiers  by  the  Col 

de  la  Madeleine. 

D.  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne  to  Moutiers 

by  the  Col  de  la  Platiere. 

E.  St.  Michel  de  Maurienne  to  Moutiers 

by  the  Col  des  Encombres. 

F.  St.  Michel  or  Modane  to  Moutiers  or 

Pralognan  by  the  P£clet  Group. 

G.  Modane  to  Pralognan  by  the  Cols 

de  Chaviere  and  d  Aussois. 

H.  Moutiers  Tarentaise  to  Pralognan. 

Excursions  and  Ascents  from  Pra- 
lognan. Ascent  of  the  Grande 
Casse. 

I.  Pralognan  to  Termignon  by  the  Col 

de  la  Vanoise. 
K.  Entre  Deux  Eaux  to  Tignes,  Val 

d'Isere,  Bessans,  or  Bonneval. 
L.  Tignes  to  Moutiers  or  Bourg  St. 

Maurice  by  the   Col   du  Palet. 

Ascent  of  the  Mont  Pourri. 

•  Section  13. 

Levanna  District  (Central 
Graians.  I.) 

Route. 

A.  Bessans  to  the  Viu  Valley  or  the 

Mont  Cenis  by  the  Ribon  Glen. 
Ascent  of  the  Rochemelon. 

B.  Bessans  to  Usseglio  and  Lanzo  by 

the  Col  de  lAutaret. 

C.  Viu  Valley  to  the  Dora  Riparia 

Valley. 

D.  Ala  Valley  to  the  Viu  Valley  and 

the  Val  Grande. 

E.  Bessans  to  Balme  and  Lanzo  by  the 

Cols  d'Arnas  and  du  Collerin. 

F.  Excursions  and  Ascents  from  Bes- 

sans and  Bonneval. 

G.  Bonneval  to  Forno-Alpi-Graie  and 

Lanzo  by  the  Cols  de  Sea  and  de 
Girard. 


Route. 

H.  Val  Grande  to  the  Oreo  Valley. 

I.  Bonneval  to  Ceresole  by  the  Col  du 

Carro. 

K.  Bonneval  to  Val  d'Isere  by  the  Col 
du  Bouquetin. 

Section  14. 

Sassiere  District  (Central 
Graians.  II.) 

Route. 

A.  Excursions  and  Ascents  from  Val 

d'Isere. 

B.  Val  d'Isere  to  Ceresole  by  the  Col 

de  la  Galise. 

C.  Val  d'Isere  to  Villeneuve  by  the  Val 

de  Rhemes. 

D.  Val  de  Rhemes  to  Val  Grisanche. 

E.  I  sere  Valley  to  Liverogne  by  the 

Val  Grisanche. 

F.  Ste.  Foy  or  Val  Grisanche  to  La 

Thuille.    Rutor  Group. 

G.  Bourg  St.  Maurice  to  Aosta  by  the 

Little  St.  Bernard. 


Section  15. 

Grand  Paradis  District  (Eastern 
Graians). 

Route. 

A.  Turin  to  Aosta  by  Ivrea. 

B.  Aosta  to  Cogne. 

C.  Excursions     and     Ascents  from 

Cogne.    Ascent  of  the  Grivola. 

D.  Cogne  to  Bard  by  the  Fenetre  de 

Champorcher. 

E.  Cogne  to  Pont  Canavese  by  the  Val 

Soana. 

F.  Cogne  to  Locana  by  the  Val  Pianto- 

netto. 

G.  Cogne  to  Ceresole  by  the  Col  de 

Grandcroux. 

H.  Cogne  to  the  Val  Savaranche. 

I.  Aosta   to   Turin    by  the   Col  de 

Nivolet. 

K.  Ascents  and  Passes  from  the  Victor 
Emmanuel  Club  hut.  Ascent  of 
the  Grand  Paradis. 


220 


GRAIAN  ALPS 


From  the  Mont  Cenis  Pass  to  that  of  1 
the  Little  St.  Bernard  the  main  chain 
of  the  Alps,  dividing  the  waters  which 
flow  to  the  Adriatic  from  those  which 
are  poured  through  the  Rhone  into 
the  Mediterranean,  runs  in  a  tolerably 
direct  line  from  S.  to  N.  for  a  dis- 
tance of  nearly  40  miles.  It  forms 
throughout  the  political  frontier  be- 
tween France  and  Italy,  and  is  the 
backbone  of  the  extensive  mountain 
mass  lying  between  the  two  passes 
named  above.  This  chain  is  most 
conveniently  distinguished  as  the 
Central  Graians.  At  a  point 
about  midway  in  its  course,  having 
hitherto  run  slightly  to  the  N.  E. ,  it 
inclines  slightly  to  the  N.W.,  and 
near  this  bend  is  traversed  by  two 
well-marked  passes,  the  Cols  du  Carro 
and  de  la  Galise,  both  leading  to 
the  head  of  the  Oreo  valley.  The 
former  of  these  passes  serves  as  the 
limit  between  the  two  Sections  in 
which  it  is  proposed  to  describe  the 
Central  Graians,  the  S.  bit  being  in- 
cluded in  §  13,  the  Levanna  Dis- 
trict (so  named  not  from  its  highest 
but  its  best  known  peak),  while  the 
N.  bit  is  comprised  in  Sect.  14,  the 
Sassier e  District  (called  after  its  cul- 
minating point). 

But  a  glance  at  the  map  will 
suffice  to  show  that  the  mountain 
group  in  the  immediate  neighbour- 
hood of  the  Carro  and  Galise  passes 
possesses  a  very  real  topographical  im- 
portance, for  on  its  W.  and  N.E.  it 
is  connected  with  each  of  two  con- 
siderable outlying  mountain  masses 
by  a  narrow  neck  or  isthmus  which 
forms  in  either  case  a  low  pass  tra- 
versed by  a  good  path.  The  pass  on 
the  W.  is  the  Col  d'Iseran,  beyond 
which  rise  the  Alps  of  the  Tarentaise, 
or  Western  Graians,  described  in 
§  12  under  the  name  of  the  Grande 
Casse  District,  from  its  loftiest  sum- 
mit, while  the  pass  on  the  N.E.  is  the 
Col  de  Nivolet,  and  the  mass  beyond 
the  Eastern  Graians,  described  below, 
in  §  15,  under  the  name  of  the 
Grand  Paradis  District,  as  the  Grand 
Paradis  is  its  culminating  point,  as 


well  as  the  monarch  of  the  entire 
Graian  range.  As  might  be  expected 
from  the  physical  character  of  these 
two  great  outliers  the  western  lies 
wholly  within  French  territory,  while 
the  more  easterly  is  entirely  Italian. 
On  the  French  side  the  valleys  of  the 
Arc  and  Isere  rivers  completely  en- 
close the  Western  Graians,  while 
those  of  the  Oreo,  of  the  Dora  Baltea, 
and  of  the  stream  in  the  Val  Sava- 
ranche  (an  affluent  of  the  Dora 
Baltea)  surround  the  Eastern  Grai- 
ans. It  is  to  be  remarked  that  four 
of  these  streams  take  their  origin  in 
or  near  the  mountain  mass  between 
the  Cols  dTseran,  du  Carro  and  de  la 
Galise,  so  that  this  group,  described  in 
§  13.  Rt.  K.  and  even  now  known  to 
very  few  mountaineers,  occupies  one 
of  the  most  important  topographical 
positions  in  the  Alps.  Hence  it  ought 
by  rights  to  be  crowned  by  one  of  the 
giants  of  the  Alps,  and  this  may  serve 
to  explain  the  curious  invention  of  the 
13,000  feet  high  Mont  Iseran,  though 
as  a  matter  of  fact  the  loftiest  point 
in  the  group  is  the  Grande  Aiguille 
Pousse,  which  attains  the  relatively 
small  height  of  3,482  m.  (11,424  ft.) 

Geologically  the  Eastern  Graians 
are  distinguished  from  the  rest  of  the 
Graians  by  the  fact  that  the  eastern 
outlier  is  composed  almost  exclusively 
of  crystalline  schists,  which  are 
scarcely  anywhere  seen  in  the  other 
high  ranges  of  the  Graians,  in  which 
comparatively  little  altered  Sedimen  - 
tary rocks  have  been  carried  to  the 
summit  of  the  highest  peaks. 

As    already    noted,    the  Grand 
Paradis  (4,061  m.,  13,324  ft.)  is  the 
culminating  summit  of  the  whole  of 
the  Graians,  its  nearest  rival  in  the 
other  districts  being  the  Grande  Casse 
(3,861  m.,  12,668  ft.)    Both  peaks 
rise  in  the  great  outliers  of  the  main 
chain,  or  Central  Graians,  the  S.  bit 
of  which  attains  3,760  m.  (12,336  ft.) 
I   in  the  Pointe  de  Charbonel,  while  in 
the  N.  bit  the  Aiguille  de  la  Grande 
I   Sassiere  (3,756m.,  12,323  ft.)  is  con- 
I   siderably  higher  than  its  neighbours. 
I      The  Graians  were  long  neglected 


INTRODUCTION 


221 


by  travellers,  nor  can  it  be  said  that 
they  are  even  now  often  visited  by 
English  climbers.  Yet  it  was  mainly 
through  the  determination  and  energy 
of  a  few  members  of  the  English 
Alpine  Club,  and  especially  Messrs. 
W.  Mathews,  J.  J.  Cowell,  and  R.  C. 
Nichols,  that  this  fine  mountain  mass 
was  first  explored,  and  most  of  its 
higher  peaks  conquered.  These  early 
explorers,  however,  left  much  work 
for  their  successors  in  after  years  in 
the  way  of  detailed  examination  of 
the  various  ridges  and  glaciers. 
Among  these  later  explorers  the 
names  of  Mr.  Yeld  and  of  Mr. 
Coolidge,  of  Monsieur  H.  Ferrand 
and  the  MM.  Puiseux,  of  Signori 
Baretti,  Vaccarone,  Bobba,  and 
Cibrario,  may  be  mentioned.  The 
Graians  have  now  been  pretty  tho- 
roughly investigated,  but  many  new 
routes,  and  certain  minor  groups,  re- 
main for  those  climbers  on  whom  the 
attraction  of  the  unknown  has  any  in- 
fluence. All  the  sheets  of  the  French 
and  Italian  Government  Surveys  (on 
various  scales)  for  the  Graians  have 
now  been  issued. 

Of  recent  years  the  accommodation 
in  the  Graians  has  very  much  improved, 
though  even  now  a  certain  amount  of 
roughing  must  be  undergone,  save  in 
the  more  frequented  villages.  Good 
inns  now  exist  at  Pralognan,  Val 
d'lsere,  Bonneval,  Ceresole,  and 
Degioz.  Cogne,  however,  still  lags 
behind,  while  Tignes  has  scarcely  yet 
redeemed  the  character  bestowed  on  it 
by  early  visitors/  There  are  a  few 
Club  huts  in  the  range,  but,  save  those 
of  Pera  Ciaval,  of  the  Crot  del  Ciaus- 
sine,  of  Gura,  of  the  Levanna,  of  the 
Rutor,  of  Victor  Emmanuel  II. ,  and  of 
Piantonetto  (all  on  the  Italian  side  of 
the  chain),  and  that  near  the  Mont 
Pourri,  they  are  neither  well  placed, 
well  kept  up,  nor  really  necessary.  Of 
the  inns  in  the  remoter  corners  of  the 
range  those  at  Bessans,  Balme,  For- 
net  (Val  Grisanche),  and  Peisey  may 
be  mentioned,  not  because  they  offer 
very  superior  accommodation,  but 
because  they  are   conveniently  situ- 


ated. It  is  much  to  be  regretted  that 
the  fine  scenery  of  the  Val  de  Rhemes 
can  only  be  visited  at  the  cost  of  some 
privations,  owing  to  the  want  of  any 
decent  accommodation  near  its  head. 
As  in  the  Maritimes  and  Cottians, 
travellers  (save  at  Pralognan  and 
Cogne)  should  carry  passports,  and 
avoid  sketching,  photographing,  &c, 
as  the  military  authorities  are  very  ex- 
acting. 

As  yet  the  Eastern  Graians  alone 
have  been  described  in  the  series  of 
the  4  Climbers'  Guides,'  though  other 
volumes  dealing  with  the  rest  of  the 
Graians  are  in  preparation.  Joanne's 
6  Savoie  '  (large  edition,  1895)  gives  a 
very  good  summary  of  recent  inform- 
ation as  to  the  French  portion  of  the 
range  (a  very  concise  account  may 
also  be  found  in  Badeker's  '  Sud-Est 
de  la  France,'  5th  edition,  1894), 
while  for  the  Italian  side  of  the 
Graians  there  is  the  excellent  '  Guida 
delle  Alpi  Occidentali '  (vol.  ii. 
Part  I,  1889;  Part  2,  1896),  by 
Signori  Vaccarone,  Martelli,  and 
Bobba.  Many  local  details  specially 
relating  to  the  district  described  in 
§  12  may  be  found  in  M.  Francois 
Arnollet's  '  Nos  Alpes  —  Isere  et 
Dorons  '  (Moutiers  Tarentaise,  1895). 
Many  useful  articles  and  notes  may 
be  found  in  the  publications  of  the 
English,  French,  and  Italian  Alpine 
Clubs ;  in  particular,  the  '  Revue 
Alpine,'  issued  since  1895  by  the 
Lyons  Section  of  the  French  Alpine 
Club,  devotes  special  attention  to  the 
French  side  of  the  range.  Another 
book  deserves  careful  and  minute 
study,  as  it  contains  a  very  detailed 
and  thorough  account  of  the  Central 
Graians,  M.  Henri  Ferrand's  '  La 
Frontiere  Franco-Italienne '  (Gre- 
noble, 1894),  but  it  is  unluckily  made 
up  of  several  independent  articles, 
while  the  want  of  an  Index  is  a 
serious  drawback  to  its  usefulness. 


222       GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


SECTION  12. 

GRANDE      CASSE  DISTRICT 
{WESTERN  GRAIANS). 

The  name  Tarentaise  properly  be- 
longs to  the  valley  of  the  Isere  above 
Albertville,  with  its  tributary  glens. 
The  most  considerable  of  these — that 
of  the  Doron — drains  several  of  the 
higher  summits  of  the  district,  and 
joins  the  Isere  at  Moutiers.  The 
Isere  rises  in  the  glaciers  near  the  Col 
de  la  Galise,  while  the  Arc  rises  in 
those  of  the  Levanna,  so  that  the 
head  waters  of  both  streams  are  not 
distant  from  each  other,  and  it  is  easy 
to  go  from  one  to  the  other  by  the 
isthmus  of  the  Col  cFIseran,  which 
unites  the  Western  Graians  to  the 
main  chain  of  the  Central  Graians. 
These  two  rivers  mingle  their  streams 
below  St.  Pierre  d'Albigny,  about  45 
miles  in  a  direct  line  W.  of  that  pass, 
so  that  their  valleys,  and  the  Col 
dTseran,  form  the  natural  limits  of 
the  district  we  are  about  to  describe. 
By  far  the  greater  part  of  the  Arc 
valley,  or  the  Maurienne,  has  already 
been  described  in  connection  with  the 
Mont  Cenis  Pass  (§  7.  Rtes.  A  and 
B),  so  that  in  this  Section  we  have 
only  to  notice  its  upper  course  from 
its  source  to  Lanslebourg.  On  the 
other  hand  the  entire  course  of  the 
Isere  valley,  as  far  as  St.  Pierre 
d'Albigny,  is  here  included.  From 
its  source  to  Aiguebelle,  near  its 
junction  with  the  Isere,  the  Arc  de- 
scribes a  semicircle,  the  diameter  of 
which  is  about  40  miles  in  length. 
The  Isere,  on  the  contrary,  in  the  in- 
terval between  its  source  and  the 
junction,  forms  a  tolerably  regular 
zigzag,  or  reversed  W. ,  the  re-enter- 
ing angle  of  which,  where  stands  the 
city  of  Moutiers  Tarentaise,  is  pretty 
near  the  centre  of  the  semicircle 
formed  by  the  Arc.  The  direction 
of  these  successive  joints  of  the  upper 
valley  of  the  Isere  appears  to  be  in- 
timately connected  with  the  forces 
that  have  elevated    this  portion  of 


the  Alps  ;  but  as  regards  the  position 
of  the  principal  peaks,  and  the  direc  - 
tion of  the  secondary  valleys,  no  part 
of  the  Alps  shows  so  little  trace  of 
regularity  as  this  district.  The  reason 
may  probably  be  that  it  is  mainly 
composed  of  slightly  altered  Sedi- 
mentary rocks,  which  have  yielded  so 
extensively  to  erosive  action,  whether 
that  of  water  or  of  ice,  as  to  preserve 
little  trace  of  their  original  conform- 
ation. 

The  scenery  of  the  Western  Graians, 
or  Tarentaise  Alps,  is  doubtless  in- 
ferior in  grandeur  to  that  of  the  Pen- 
nines  or  of  the  Dauphine  Alps  ;  yet 
there  is  no  want  of  snow-clad  peaks 
and  spreading  glaciers  to  tempt  the 
aspiring  mountaineer,  while  the  broad 
green  Alpine  pastures,  with  their  cows 
and  Swiss  herdsmen,  vividly  recall 
better  known  Swiss  scenes,  and  afford 
a  grateful  change  to  the  eyes  of  those 
who  approach  this  district  from  the 
South,  whether  from  the  stone-choked 
valleys  of  Dauphine  or  the  scarcely 
less  fertile  glens  of  the  Cottian  Alps. 
Nevertheless  the  Western  Graians 
were  long  neglected,  and  it  is  to  the 
enterprise  and  perseverance  of  Mr. 
William  Mathews,  one  of  the  most 
indefatigable  explorers  of  the  Western 
Alps,  that  we  owe  the  first  accurate 
account,  based  on  personal  experi- 
ence, of  the  higher  peaks  of  this  group 
(see  his  classical  paper  in  vol.  ii.  of 
the  2nd  series  of  '  Peaks,  Passes,  and 
Glaciers  ').  Since  then  some  French 
and  a  very  few  English  travellers  have 
added  much  to  our  knowledge  of  this 
portion  of  the  Alps.  The  culminat- 
ing point  of  the  group  is  the  Grande 
Casse  (3,861  m.,  12,668  ft.),  best 
reached,  as  is  also  the  magnificent 
belvedere  of  the  Dome  de  Chasseforet 
(3>597  m->  11,802  ft.),  from  Pralo- 
gnan.  The  second  summit  is  the  Mo?it 
Poitrri  (3,788  m.,  12,428  ft.),  most 
conveniently  attacked  from  the  new 
Club  hut  above  Peisey.  The  third 
summit  is  the  Dent  Parrachee  (3,712 
m. ,  12,179  ft. ),  the  best  starting  point 
for  which  is  Modane.  Next  comes  the 
Grande  Motte  (3,663  m.,  12,018  ft.), 


§  12.    GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT  (WESTERN  GRAIANS)  223 


easily  accessible  by  the  Col  de  Fresse 
and  Col  de  la  Leisse  from  Val 
dTsere,  while  at  the  extreme  E.  end 
of  the  district  is  the  Pointe  de  Mean 
Martin  (3,337  m.,  10,949  ft.),  acces- 
sible from  either  Val  dTsere  or  Bon- 
neval,  and  at  the  extreme  W.  end  the 
Aiguilles  de  Peclet  (3,566  m. ,  11,700 
ft.)  and  de  Polset  (3,538  m.,  11,608 
ft.),  to  attain  which  a  bivouac  in 
a  chalet,  or  a  long  day's  walk  from 
Pralognan,  is  necessary.  Pralognan, 
Val  dTsere,  and  Bonneval  are  thus 
the  three  best  headquarters  for  travel- 
lers in  this  district,  and  are  now  all 
provided  with  excellent  mountain 
inns.  Pralognan,  is,  however,  the 
only  one  of  the  three  which  is  wholly 
in  the  district,  so  that  for  the  chief 
ascents  from  Bonneval  and  Val 
dTsere  reference  must  be  made  to 
§  13  and  14  respectively.  There 
are  fair  local  guides,  but  a  prudent 
traveller  would  do  well  to  bring  his 
own  men  with  him. 

The  geological  structure  of  the 
Tarentaise  Alps  has  given  rise  to  dis- 
cussions, which  at  one  time  seemed  to 
shake  the  foundations  of  the  science. 
The  reversal  of  the  natural  order  of 
superposition  in  strata  that  have  been 
extensively  disturbed  is  a  phenomenon 
not  very  uncommon  in  the  Alps,  but 
nowhere  has  it  taken  place  so  exten- 
sively, and  under  such  singular  circum- 
stances, as  in  this  part  of  Savoy. 
Between  the  zone  of  crystalline  rocks 
extending  from  the  valley  of  Beaufort 
to  the  valley  of  the  Romanche,  and 
the  still  more  considerable  metamor- 
phic  mass  of  the  main  range  of  the 
Graians,  rocks  of  varied  mineral  com- 
position, chiefly  belonging  to  the 
Carboniferous  series,  fill  the  greater 
portion  of  the  area  which  once  ap- 
parently formed  a  trough,  but  whence 
by  subsequent  disturbance  they  have 
been  raised  more  than  12,000  ft.  above 
the  sea  level.  Beds  of  anthracite,  often 
thick  enough  to  be  worked  for  fuel, 
are  extremely  frequent  throughout  this 
formation,  and  are  often  associated 
with  black,  argillaceous  slates,  a- 
bounding   in   impressions  of  ferns, 


either  identical  with,  or  nearly  allied 
to,  undoubted  Carboniferous  species. 
In  the  midst  of  the  Carboniferous  zone 
a  narrow  strip  of  Liassic  rocks,  con- 
taining belemnites,  and  other  charac- 
teristic fossils,  runs  parallel  to  the 
general  strike  of  the  strata,  from  N.E. 
to  S.W.,  and  by  the  peculiarity  of 
its  relations  with  the  earlier  forma- 
tions has  raised  doubts  in  the  minds 
of  some  geologists  as  to  the  value  of 
pakeontological  evidence  in  the  iden- 
tification of  strata.  Sometimes  the 
Carboniferous  rocks  appear  bodily  to 
overlie  the  Lias,  sometimes  a  thin  bed 
of  the  former  appears  intercalated  in 
conformable  stratification  between  two 
of  the  latter.  An  instance  of  this  last- 
named  phenomenon,  which  was  first 
noticed  by  Elie  de  Beaumont,  and  has 
since  been  constantly  visited  by 
geologists,  is  to  be  seen  between 
Albertville  and  Moutiers,  in  the  bed 
of  a  torrent  a  short  distance  above  the 
village  of  Petit  Cceur,  near  the  junc- 
tion of  the  crystalline  with  the  Sedi- 
mentary rocks.  M.  Mortillet  has 
called  attention  to  a  case  at  Le  Cud- 
ray,  near  N.  D.  de  Briancon,  not  far 
from  Moutiers,  where  both  Carboni- 
ferous and  Secondary  rocks  are  in- 
volved in  the  folds  of  the  crystalline 
schists.  For  a  history  of  the  discus- 
sion up  to  1863,  see  chapter  xxx.  of 
M.  Alphonse  Favre's  '  Recherches 
Geologiques'  (1867). 


Route  A. 

ST.  PIERRE  D'ALBIGNY  TO  BOURG  ST. 
MAURICE.     THE  TARENTAISE. 

M. 

Albertville      .       .       .  .15 
Moutiers        ....  32^ 
Aime     .....  41^ 
Bourg  St.  Maurice        .       .  48^ 

Railway  to  Moutiers  in  hrs.  ; 

thence  diligence  in  4  hrs. 

St.  Pierre  d' ) Albigny  (for  the  routes 
hence  to  Le  Chatelard  see  §11.  Rtes. 
C  and  D)  is  a  small  town  above  the 


224       GRAIAN  ALPS.    §12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


junction  of  the  Arc  with  the  Isere,  and 
on  the  Mont  Cenis  railway  (described 
in  §  7.  Rte.  A),  15.7m.  from  Chambery. 
Hence  the  branch  line  starts  up  the 
Isere  valley,  following  always  the 
right  bank,  save  for  a  short  distance 
beyond  Cevins.  At  first  it  runs 
parallel  with  the  old  road  at  the  base 
of  the  mountains,  and  passes  below 
Gresy,  a  village  which  abounds  in 
Roman  remains.  To  the  N.W.  the 
valley  is  enclosed  by  the  rugged  ridge 
which  divides  the  Combe  de  Belle- 
vaux  (§  II.  Rte.  D)  from  the  Isere. 
The  new  carriage  road,  which  is  hot 
and  dusty,  runs  along  the  embankment 
on  the  right  bank  of  the  Isere,  and 
joins  the  old  road  near  the  junction 
of  that  from  the  Col  de  Tamie,  §  1 1. 
Rte.  E.) 

Albertville  is  the  modern  name 
given  in  1845  by  King  Charles  Albert 
of  Sardinia  to  two  small  towns  stand- 
ing on  opposite  banks  of  the  Arly,  at 
its  junction  with  the  Isere.  The 
name  is,  however,  usually  confined  to 
the  new  town  on  the  right  bank  of  the 
Arly,  formerly  called  UHopital,  and 
then  a  mere  suburb  of  the  old  fortified 
town  of  ConftanS)  with  its  narrow 
streets,  perched  on  a  rock  on  the 
other  bank  of  the  Arly.  (For  the 
routes  hence  to  Le  Chatelard,  see 
§  11.  Rte.  D;  for  that  to  Annecy, 
§11.  Rte.  E;  for  that  to  St.  Gervais 
by  the  Arly  valley,  §  1 1.  Rte.  H; 
and  for  the  ways  through  the  Beaufort 
glen,  §  11.  Rtes.  I  and  K.) 

On  leaving  Albertville  the  railway 
runs  between  the  carriage  road,  shaded 
by  fine  chestnut  trees,  and  the  right 
bank  of  the  Isere,  the  valley  gradually 
bending  in  a  due  S.  direction.  5  J  m. 
from  Albertville  is  the  old  archiepis- 
copal  castle  of  La  Bat  hie  (for  the  pass 
of  that  name  to  Beaufort,  see  §  1 1. 
Rte.  L).  Some  way  beyond  the  rail- 
way crosses  the  road,  as  the  valley 
has  become  so  narrow  that  the  road 
has  to  be  protected  by  an  embank- 
ment against  the  ravages  of  the  Isere. 
2J  m.  from  La  Bathie  is  the  hamlet  of 
Cevins,  where  are  the  most  extensive 
slate  quarries  in  Savoy.    To  the  S.  W. 


opens  the  Bayet  glen,  through  which 
a  mule  path  leads  in  7  hrs.  over  the 
Col  de  Basmont  (1,607  m.,  5,273  ft.) 
to  Aiguebeile,  in  the  Arc  valley.  Be- 
yond Cevins  the  Isere  valley  again 
contracts,  this  being  the  most  beauti- 
ful part  of  the  route,  and  passes 
through  the  defile  of  the  Pas  de 
Brian  $ on,  formerly  commanded  by  a 
castle,  now  in  ruins.  A  fine  waterfall 
of  the  Glaize  is  seen  on  the  right  just 
before  reaching  {\\  m.  from  Cevins) 
the  station  of  Notre  Dame  de  Brian- 
con,  Hence  the  Col  de  la  Louze 
(§  11.  Rte.  L)  leads  to  Beaufort 
through  the  Glaize  valley,  on  the  N.  E. , 
while  to  the  S.W.  the  Celliers  glen 
gives  access  to  the  Col  de  la  Madeleine 
(Rte.  C.  below)  and  La  Chambre,  in 
the  Arc  valley.  This  part  of  the 
valley  of  the  Isere  is  interesting  to 
the  botanist  as  well  as  to  the  geologist. 
Amongst  other  scarce  plants  Carlina 
nebrodensis  has  been  found  near  the 
castle  of  Briancon,  while  Achillea 
nobilis  is  abundant  near  Moutiers. 
Close  to  N.  D.  de  Briancon  is  Le 
j  Cudray,  and  nearly  opposite  the 
i  hamlet  of  Petit  Cceur,  both  deserving 
!  a  visit  from  a  geologist  (see  Intro- 
!  duction  to  this  §).  After  passing 
I  Aigueblanche  (4  m.  from  N.  D.  de 
Briancon),  with  an  ancient  crenellated 
tower,  the  line  passes  above  a  very 
narrow  gorge,  and  in  1  m.  reaches 

Moatiers  Tarentaise  (480  m., 
1,575  ft.),  the  chief  town  of  the 
Tarentaise,  situated  in  a  small  basin 
at  the  junction  of  the  Doron  with  the 
Isere.  Near  here  was  the  Roman 
town  of  Darentasia,  the  present  little 
city  taking  its  name  from  a  monastery 
founded  in  the  fifth  century,  and 
having  been  the  seat  of  an  archbishop 
or  bishop  since  that  date,  save  during 
the  storms  of  the  French  Revolution. 
The  Cathedral  Church  is  Romanesque, 
with  an  ancient  crypt,  a  fifteenth- 
century  porch,  and  some  twelfth-cen- 
tury ornaments  in  the  sacristy. 

[The  passes  leading  from  Moutiers 
to  the  Beaufort  glen  are  described  in 
§  11.  Rte.  L,  and  those  to  the  valley 
of  the  Arc  in  Rtes.  C,  D,  E,  and  F, 


ROUTE  A. 


THE  TARENTAISE 


225 


below.  The  salt  springs  of  Salins,  and 
the  now  fashionable  watering  place  of 
Brides  les  Bains,  are  most  conve- 
niently described  in  Rte.  H,  below,  as 
they  are  on  the  road  from  Moutiers 
to  Pralognan,  the  chief  mountaineering 
centre  of  this  part  of  the  Tarentaise. 
The  most  interesting  excursion  to  be 
made  from  Moutiers  direct  is  that  up 
the  splendid  belvedere  of  the  Mont 
Jovet  (2,563  m.,  8,409  ft.),  to  the  E. 
It  is  accessible  by  mule  path  in  5  J  hrs. , 
and  is  worth  a  visit  from  those  who 
do  not  propose  to  explore  the  higher 
ranges  of  the  Tarentaise,  as  it  com- 
mands a  glorious  panorama,  extending 
from  the  great  Dauphine  peaks  to 
Mont  Blanc,  the  Grand  Combin,  and 
Monte  Rosa.  There  is  now  a  com- 
fortable little  mountain  inn,  J  hr. 
below  the  summit.  The  descent  may 
be  made  by  another  mule  path  to 
Bozel,  on  the  way  between  Moutiers 
and  Pralognan.  J 

Above  Moutiers  the  Isere  makes 
another  acute  angle,  resuming  its 
former  direction  from  S.W.  to  N.E. 
The  carriage  road,  which  keeps  always 
to  the  right  bank  of  the  river,  first 
enters  a  narrow  gorge,  beyond  which 
is  the  village  of  St.  Marcel,  dominated 
by  the  ruined  castle  of  the  archbishops 
of  the  Tarentaise,  who  till  the  eleventh 
Century  were  also  great  feudal  lords. 
It  then  traverses  by  means  of  several 
tunnels  a  second,  still  narrower  defile, 
that  of  the  Detroit  de  Saix,  where 
roches  moutonnees  attest  the  former 
passage  of  a  glacier.  In  the  next 
open  basin,  amid  vineyards  and  fine 
trees,  the  small  village  of  Centron  has 
preserved  in  a  mutilated  form  the 
name  of  the  Ceut rones,  the  original 
inhabitants  of  this  region.  To  the 
S.  is  seen  the  Mont  Jovet  (see  above). 
After  passing  Villette  the  road  reaches 
Aime,  the  ancient  Axima,  one  of  the 
chief  towns  of  the  Ceutrones,  and 
still  containing  many  Roman  remains. 
The  mediaeval  church  is  built  of  frag- 
ments of  a  Roman  building,  and  near 
it  there  is  a  Roman  tower.  (The 
passes  hence  to  Beaufort  are  described 
in  §  11.  Rtes.  K  and  L. ) 

1. 


[On  the  other  side  of  the  Isere  is 
the  village  of  Mdcot  (1  m. ),  whence 
it  is  a  walk  of  2  hrs.  up  the  valley 
which  opens  to  the  S.  to  the  exten- 
sive mines  (argentiferous  lead)  of 
Macot.  A  mule  path  leads  thence 
over  to  Champagny,  and  a  foot  path 
to  Peisey .  3 

Above  Aime  the  valley,  though 
wide,  is  somewhat  bare,  and  at 
Bellentre  (3  m.)  the  last  vines  are 
seen.  A  little  beyond,  on  the  oppo- 
site bank  of  the  Isere,  is  Landry,  at 
the  mouth  of  the  Peisey  valley  (Rte. 
L.  2.  below),  through  which  there  is  a 
fine  view  of  the  snowy  peak  of  the 
Mont  Pourri,  and  of  the  Bellecote 
range  between  the  Peisey  and  Premou 
glens.  Some  fine  forests  of  pines 
and  larches  are  seen  opposite  above 
the  left  bank  of  the  Isere,  while  as 
the  traveller  approaches  Bourg  St. 
Maurice  the  pass  of  the  Little  St. 
Bernard  comes  well  in  view,  and 
appears  to  be  the  natural  termination 
of  the  valley  of  the  Isere. 

Bourg  St.  Maurice  (815  mi,  2,674 
ft. )  is  a  small  town  which  is  a  centre 
of  considerable  traffic,  as  it  stands  at 
the  junction  of  the  carriage  roads 
from  Aosta  over  the  Little  St.  Bernard 
(§  14.  Rte.  G)  from  Val  dTsere,  at 
the  head  of  the  Isere  valley  (see  next 
Rte. ),  and  the  tracks  from  St.  Gervais, 
Beaufort,  and  Courmayeur  through 
theBonneval  glen  (§11,  Rte.  K,  and 
§  16.  Rte.  E). 


Route  B. 

BOURG  ST.  MAURICE  TO  LANSLE- 
BOURG  BY  THE  COL  DTSERAN. 

Carriage  road  (20^  m.)  to  Val  d'Isere  ; 
thence  good  mule  path  to  Bonneval 
in  41  hrs.  ;  thence  carriage  road  (13 
m.)  to  Lanslebourg. 

This  is  a  very  interesting  route, 
the  scenery  of  the  upper  valley  of  the 

9 


226         GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


Isere,  particularly  below  Tignes, 
being  very  beautiful,  while  above  that 
village  it  is  savage  and  Alpine.  The 
Alpine  historian  will  also  recollect 
that  the  Col  dTseran  was  crossed  on 
August  22,  1689,  by  the  Vaudois  on 
their  way  to  make  their  4  Glorieuse 
Rentree into  their  native  valleys, 
and  can  see  with  his  own  eyes  how 
easily  the  problem  of  the  lofty  Mont 
Iseran  can  be  solved  by  those  who 
take  the  trouble  to  visit  in  person  the 
regions  they  describe. 

The  road  across  the  Little  St. 
Bernard  is  followed  for  2  m.  as  far  as 
Seez  (§  14.  Rte.  G).  That  up  the 
Isere  valley  then  branches  off  to  the 
right,  and  mounts  above  the  right 
bank  of  that  river,  here  a  mountain 
torrent.  The  scenery  continually  in- 
creases in  beauty  and  grandeur  as 
the  traveller  advances.  Several  ham- 
lets are  traversed  before  the  large 
village  of  Ste.  Foy,  1,051  m. ,  3,448 
ft.  ( 5 -J  m. ),  is  attained.  It  is  beautifully 
situated  above  the  junction  with  the 
Isere  of  the  torrent  flowing  from  the 
S as  si  ere  de  Ste.  Foy  glen,  on  the  E. 
( For  the  passes  from  Ste.  Foy  through 
this  glen  to  the  Val  Grisanche,  the 
Rutor  group,  and  the  Little  St.  Bernard 
road  direct  see  §  14.  Rtes.  E  andF.) 
Nearly  opposite  Ste.  Foy  is  the 
magnificent  peak  of  the  Mont  Pourri 
(3,788  m.,  12,428  ft."),  which  rises  in 
one  unbroken  mass  from  the  banks 
of  the  Isere,  and  forms  the  most 
conspicuous  object  throughout  this 
part  of  the  valley.  (Opposite  Ste. 
Foy  is  the  village  of  Villaroger, 
whence  the  high  snow  pass  of  the 
Col  du  Pourri  leads  to  the  Club  hut 
for  the  ascent  of  that  peak,  for  all 
details  as  to  which  see  Rte.  L, 
below. ) 

1  \  m.  higher  up  the  Isere  valley  is 
La  Thuille  de  Ste.  Foy  (1,272  m., 

4,i73ft.) 

[Hence  on  Sept.  18,  1853,  the 
writer  (J.  B. )  made  an  easy  and 
agreeable  excursion  to  the  Croix  de 
Foglietta  (2,818  m.,  9,246  ft.),  so 
called  from  the  Ste.  Foy  man  who 
set  up  a  cross  on  this  point,  a  buttress 


!   of  the  Ormelune.    There  is  a  very 
|   fine  view  hence  of  the  Mont  Blanc 
!   range,  and  the  peaks  of  the  Tarentaise. 
>   The  most  agreeable  way  to  return  to 
:   La  Thuille  is  by  the  track  leading 
i   from  the  Col  de  Vaudet,  or  Col  du  Clou 
!   (§14.  Rte.  E.  2),  the  scenery  in  de- 
I   scending  towards  the  Isere  being  varied 
and  beautiful.    The  highest  or  W. 
I    summit  of  the  Ormelune  (3,283  m., 
10,771  ft.)  maybe  reached  in  about 
2J  hrs.  from  that  pass,  or  directly  (in 
I    4  hrs. )  from  the  Plan  huts  in  that  glen ; 
the  direct  descent  to  the  La  Motte 
huts  in  the  Sassiere  de  Ste.  Foy  glen 
takes  about  i^-hr. ,  while  it  is  even 
easier  to  descend  N.E.  by  easy  gla- 
ciers in  2  hrs.  to  Fornet,  at  the  head 
I    of  the  Val  Grisanche.    The  Col  du 
;    Mont  (§  14.  Rte.  E.  3)  itself  may  be 
\   reached  direct  by  the  N.  ridge.  The 
panorama  from  the  Ormelune  is  very 
extensive,  and  as  the  ascent  offers  no 
difficulties  it  ought  to  attract  more 
attention  than  has  hitherto  been  the 
case.  3 

Above  La  Thuille  the  road  mounts 
through  a  forest  at  a  considerable 
!   height  above  the  river.    Opposite  is 
!   the  hamlet  of  La  Gurra,  in  a  very 
1   striking  position,  just  below  the  glacier 
I   of  that  name,  which  descends  from 
!   the  Mont  Pourri,  and  is  a  perpetual 
;   menace  to  this  eyrie.    At  Le  Biolcy 
the  torrent  from  the  Foiid  glen  is 
crossed  ;  through  it  a  high  but  easy 
glacier  pass  leads  over  to  the  head  of 
t   the  Val  Grisanche.    This  torrent  is 
;   called  the  Nant  Cruet,  and  forms  a 
fine  waterfall  close  to   the  bridge. 
After  crossing  another  shoulder  the 
road  descends  to  the  level  of  the  Isere, 
I  and  soon  reaches  a  green  basin,  where 
stands  the  hamlet  of  Les  Brevieres, 
I    1,572  m.,  5,158  ft.  (5^m.)  Among 
many  interesting  plants  to  be  found  in 
this  part  of  the  valley  the  botanist 
will  observe   the   beautiful  Cortusa 
Matthioli,  growing  on  steep  damp 
rocks  near  the  banks  of  torrents.  On 
the  W.  side  of  the  valley  the  ravine 
and  Col  de  la  Sachette  lead  over  to 
the  valley  of  Peisey   (see  Rte.  L. 
below).    The  new  carriage  road  forces 


ROUTE  B.    BOURG  ST.   MAURICE  TO  LANSLEBOURG  227 


its  way  through  the  very  striking  and 
picturesque  gorge  of  Fossieres,  the 
old  mule  path  having  mounted  through 
a  forest  over  a  spur  to  the  W.  The 
Isere  is  crossed  as  the  traveller  attains 
a  broad  green  basin,  in  which  stands 
the  beautifully  situated  village  (2  m. 
from  Brevieres,  or  16  J  m.  from  Bourg 
St.  Maurice)  of 

Tignes  (1,659  m.,  5,443  ft.) 
It  is  at  the  junction  of  the  streams 
flowing  from  the  Lac  de  Tignes 
(Rte.  L)  and  the  Lac  de  la  Sassiere 
(§  14.  Rte.  C),  the  latter  forming 
a  fine  cascade  just  opposite  the 
village.  The  position  of  Tignes 
is  very  beautiful,  and  attractive  to  the 
mountaineer,  but  the  inns,  though 
better  than  of  old,  are  far  inferior  to 
that  at  Val  dTsere.  Hence  the  latter 
village  is  the  best  headquarters  for  a 
traveller,  and  almost  all  the  neighbour- 
ing peaks  and  passes  can  thence  be 
reached  as  easily  as  from  Tignes,  and 
for  this  reason  are  described  in  §  14. 

[There  are,  however,  at  least  two 
excursions  and  two  ascents  for  which 
Tignes  is  the  best  starting  point.  The 
Lac  de  Tignes,  if  hr.  distant  by  a 
mule  path  to  the  S.W.,  should  be 
visited  by  every  passing  traveller,  as 
it  is  exquisitely  situated,  and  takes 
high  rank  among  Alpine  lakes.  Val 
dTsere  may  thence  be  easily  reached 
in  I J  hr.  by  the  grass  pass  of  the  Pas 
de  la  Thouviere.  On  the  way  from 
Tignes  to  the  lake  a  mule  path  turns 
off  to  the  N.,  and  leads  up  to  the 
Marais  chalets,  \\  hr.  from  Tignes  ; 
from  the  grassy  brow  just  E.  of  them 
one  of  the  most  glorious  possible  views 
of  Mont  Blanc  and  its  neighbours 
may  be  obtained,  so  that  a  wise 
traveller  would  do  well  to  combine 
this  excursion  with  that  to  the  lake  on 
his  way  from  Tignes  to  Val  dTsere. 
The  Marais  chalets  are  the  most  con- 
venient night  quarters  for  those  who 
propose  to  ascend  the  Mont  Poicrri 
by  its  S.  ridge,  a  long  but  not  very 
difficult  expedition,  rewarded  by  the 
noblest  of  views.  7-8  hrs.  should  be 
allowed  for  the  ascent  from  Marais, 
so  that  some  will  prefer  to  bivouac 


higher  up,  in  the  Sachette  glen.  The 
chief  ascent  to  be  made  from  Tignes 
is,  however,  that  of  the  Aiguille  de  la 
i  Grande  Sassiere  (3,756  m.,  12,323 
ft.)  The  first  traveller  to  make  it 
was  Mr.  William  Mathews,  in  i860, 
who  found  on  the  summit  a  ruined 
cairn  and  a  broken  cross,  due  to  a 
Tignes  man,  who  had  made  the 
!  ascent  over  50  years   before.  Mr. 

Mathews  gained  the  summit  in  about 
\   6  hrs.  from  Tignes,  ascending  from 
the  Sassiere  glen,  on  the  way  to  the 
Col  de  la  Goletta  (§  14.  Rte.  C),  by 
the  great  W.  buttress  to  the  glacier 
W.  of  the  peak.    This  seems  to  be 
the  usual  way  still  taken  from  Val 
d'Isere,  whence  the  Sassiere  glen  is 
reached  by  crossing  a  spur  and  passing 
the  hamlet  of  Franc  het(§  14.  Rte.  C.  b). 
But  if  the  ascent  is  made  direct  from 
Tignes  it  is  at  least  \  hr.  shorter  — 
I   5 J  hrs.  in  all— to  mount  by  the  Revi- 
elle  chalets,  and  a  great  stony  hollow 
between  two  spurs  of  the  great  W. 
buttress  to  the  glacier,  which  is  gained 
without  any  difficulty  near  the  point 
at  which  those  two  spurs  split  off.. 
I  The  view  from  the  summit  is  one  of 
the  finest  in  this  part  of  the  Alps, 
and  this  ascent  cannot  be  too  warmly 
recommended.     The   ridge  leading 
i  S.E.  from  the  summit  to  the  Col  de 
I  la  Goletta  is  not  really  difficult,  but 
1  requires  care,  as  it  is  sometimes  fringed 
j  by  great  corniches.    Half-way  down 
\  this  ridge  it  is  easy  to  strike  down 
to  the  Gliairetta  glacier,  on  the  Italian 
!  side,  and  so  gain  the  head  of  the  Val 
j  Grisanche.  S.  E.  of  Tignes  a  very  bold 
!  rock  needle  attracts  the  attention  of 
\  the  traveller.    This  is  the  lower  point 
of  the  Rockers  de  Franchet{i$\%  m. , 
9,246  ft.),  and  is  really  only  the  butt 
end  of  a  long  ridge,  so  that  it  is  easily 
climbed  from  the  S.  in       hrs.  from 
Val  d'Isere  ;  the  E.  summit  is  60  rh. 
(197  ft. )  higher.  J 

The  valley  of  the  Isere  between 
Ste.  Foy  and  the  Col  dTseran,  in 
addition  to  its  other  attractions,  is 
interesting  to  a  geologist  as  marking 
the  limit  between  the  crystalline 
rocks  of  the  eastern  portion  of  the 
Q  2 


228       GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


Graian  range  and  the  Sedimentary 
strata  of  the  Tarentaise  Alps,  or 
Western  Graians.  The  botanist  too 
may  here  reap  a  rich  harvest  of  rare 
plants.  Among  others  may  be  men- 
tioned Draba  frigida  and  D.  nivalis, 
Oxytropis  Gaudini,  Gentiana  punc- 
tata, G.  brachyphylla,  and  G.  tenella, 
Pedicular  is  rosea  and  P.  cenisia, 
Primula  pede?nontana  (on  the  right- 
hand  of  the  old  path  between  Bre- 
vieres  and  Tignes),  Car  ex  rupest?'is, 
C.  microglochin,  C.  curvula,  C.  lago- 
pi7ia,  and  C.  bicolor,  Alopecurus  Ge- 
rardi,  and  Avena  subspicata. 

Between  the  basin  ofTignesand  that 
of  Val  dTsere  there  is  a  defile  even 
grander  than  those  lower  down,  but 
composed  of  very  rotten  rock,  so  that 
fragments  frequently  fall,  particularly 
on  the  W.  side.  The  carriage  road 
from  Tignes  attains  its  entrance  by 
several  zigzags,  and  is  then  carried 
high  above  the  stream,  on  the  N.E. 
side  of  the  gorge,  passing  below  the 
hamlet  of  Franchet.  The  level  of 
the  Isere  is  gained  a  little  before 
quitting  the  gorge,  and  two  small 
hamlets  are  passed  before  (4m.)  that  of 

Val  d'Isere  (1,849  m- ,  6,066  ft.)  is 
reached  (20§  m.  from  Bourg  St.  Mau- 
rice). This  village  stands  in  the 
midst  of  a  green  basin,  at  the  meet- 
ing point  of  the  Isere  valley  on  the 
E.  with  the  wide  Calabourdane 
glen  on  the  S.  It  is  admirably 
situated  for  the  mountaineer,  and 
hence  it  has  been  thought  best  to 
collect  into  3  Rtes.  (§  14.  Rtes.  A,  B, 
and  C)  the  descriptions  of  the  more 
important  passes  and  ascents  to  be 
made  from  it  towards  the  N.  ;  those 
to  the  W. ,  S. ,  and  E.  are  noticed  in 
Rte.  K,  below,  and  §  13.  Rte.  K. 

The  old  route  across  the  Col 
dTseran  made  from  Val  dTsere  a 
round  by  Fomet  (ij-  m. ),  the  last 
hamlet  in  the  Isere  valley.  But  the 
new  road  follows  the  former  short 
cut  used  by  pedestrians,  and  quits  the 
Isere  at  the  houses  of  Laissenant,  10 
minutes  beyond  Val  dTsere.  The 
two  tracks  join  at  the  first  of  the  great 
stone  pyramids,  often  with  poles  fixed 


in  them,  which  serve  not  only  to 
direct  wayfarers  when  snow  lies  on 
the  pass,  or  in  bad  weather,  but  also 
to  give  shelter,  as  many  of  them  have 
a  niche  that  holds  two  or  three  per- 
sons. The  path  mounts  gently  in- 
clined, over  bare  pastures,  to  the 
little  house  on  the  crest  of  the  Col 
d'Iseran,  2,769  m.,  9,085  ft.  (2J  hrs. 
from  Val  dTsere). 

[N.E.  of  the  pass  is  the  point  now 
called  Mont  or  Signal  d^Iseran  (3,241 
m. ,  10,634  ft.),  which  may  be  as- 
cended in  \\  hr.  by  its  S.  or  W. 
face,  or  by  a  scramble  of  f  hr.  by 
its  E.  ridge  from  the  Col  Pers,  and 
commands  a  fine  view  of  the  surround- 
ing peaks  and  glaciers.  The  view 
may  be  further  extended  by  crossing 
the  Grand  Pissaillas  glacier  nearly 
due  E.  of  the  Col  dTseran,  and  then 
mounting  by  the  S.  ridge  to  the 
highest  summit  of  the  Aiguille  Pers, 
3,451  m. ,  11,323  ft.  (rather  over  2 
hrs.  from  the  Col),  this  point  being 
the  loftiest,  save  the  Grande  Aiguille 
Rousse,  anywhere  near  the  Col.] 

The  view  from  the  pass  itself  is 
limited,  but  some  way  down  the 
Charbonel,  the  Ciamarella,  and  the 
Albaron  are  seen.  The  track  lies  at 
first  over  stony  pastures  to  the  level 
of  the  torrent  flowing  from  the  Grand 
Pissaillas  glacier.  It  crosses  to  the 
left  bank  where  the  glen  contracts  into 
a  gorge,  and  traverses  high  above 
that  ravine  before  descending  to  re- 
join the  stream  in  the  wide  green 
basin  of  Lenta.  Several  groups  of 
chalets  are  passed,  and  the  torrent  is 
crossed  to  its  right  bank  at  a  small 
chapel  where  the  Lenta  stream  de- 
scends more  rapidly.  Hence  a  series 
of  stony  zigzags  bring  the  traveller 
down  to  the  new  Chalet  Hotel,  just 
above  the  hamlet  of  Bonneval,  1,835 
m.,  6,021  ft.  (a  short  2  hrs.  from  the 
pass.)  Bonneval  and  its  neighbour- 
hood are  described  in  §  13.  Rte.  F.  3. 

[Mountaineers  may  find  many  more 
interesting  ways  from  Val  dTsere  to 
Bonneval,  apart  from  that  by  the  Col 
du  Bouquetin,  far  to  the  E.  of  the 
Col  dTseran  (see  §  13.  Rte.  K).  The 


ROUTE  B.    BOURG  ST.   MAURICE  TO   LANSLEBOURG  229 


ridge  W.  of  the  track  over  the  Col 
dTseran,  stretching  from  the  Col  to  the 
Pointe  de  Mean  Martin,  can  be 
crossed  in  several  places  by  easy 
passes.  A  much-recommended  route 
is  to  mount  past  the  Onglietta  lake  to 
the  Les sieves  glacier,  and  thence  to 
traverse  the  ridge  southwards  to  the 
highest  point  on  it,  the  Pelaou  Blanc 
(3,136  m.,  10,289  ft-)>  commanding  a 
glorious  panorama ;  the  descent  may 
be  made  by  its  S.  ridge  to  the  Col 
des  Fours,  and  the  Iseran  track 
joined  near  the  highest  bridge  on  the 
Bonneval  side.  A  rather  longer  ex- 
pedition is  to  mount  the  whole  of  the 
Calabourdane  glen  to  the  Col  des 
Roches,  at  the  N.  foot  of  the  Pointe 
de  Mean  Martin  (3,337  m.,  10,949 
ft. ),  another  fine  panoramic  point  easily 
gained  hence  ;  Bessans  or  Bonneval 
may  be  reached  by  descending  its 
S.  face,  or  Bonneval  direct  from  the 
Col.  A  third  way  is  to  climb  the 
Pointe  de  la  Sana  (3,450  m.,  11,319 
ft.)  from  Val  dTsere  (see  §  14.  Rte. 
A),  and  then  to  traverse  E.  to  the 
Col  des  Roches,  or  S.  E.  to  the  Col  de 
Mean  Martin,  between  the  Pointe 
and  Aiguille  (3,288m.,  10,788  ft.)  of 
that  name,  each  being  easily  acces- 
sible hence,  and  so  to  gain  either 
Bonneval  or  Bessans  by  the  great 
path  which  traverses  the  pastures 
above  the  rock  wall,  N.W.  of  the  road 
between  those  two  places.  j] 

The  road  crosses  the  Arc  by  a  stone 
bridge  which  seems  out  of  character 
in  so  rugged  and  poor  a  region,  and 
follows  the  left  bank  of  the  stream 
through  a  wild  defile.  Soon  after 
issuing  from  it  the  road  passes  beneath 
the  chapel  of  N.  D.  des  Graces,  close 
to  the  bridge  over  the  torrent  from 
the  Averole  glen  (see  §  13.  Rte.  B), 
and  presently  reaches  (6m.)  the  large 
village  of  Bessans  (1,742  m. ,  5,715 
ft. ),  described  in  §  13.  Rte.  F.  1.  On 
leaving  it  the  road  crosses  the  Arc, 
follows  its  right  bank,  and  crosses  the 
low  depression  of  the  Collet  de  la  Mag- 
deleine,  before  descending  to  traverse 
the  Arc  at  (5-J  m.)  Bans  le  Villard 
(whence  there  is  a  short  cut  to  the  first 


!  zigzag  of  the  Mont  Cenis  road),  the 
i  river  being  crossed  once  more  before 
j  the  large  decayed  and  straggling  vil- 
lage of  Lanslebourg  is  attained,  \\ m. 
■■  (See  for  the  routes  hence  over  the 
j  Mont  Cenis  Pass,  and  down  the  Arc 
i   valley  to  Modane,  §  7.  Rte.  B. ) 

£From  Lanslebourg  it  is  an  easy 
.   ascent  of  4-5  hrs.   up  the  Roc  des 
Pignes  glacier  to  the  Pointe  de  Ronce, 
J   3,618  m.,  11,871  ft.  (see  §  13.  Rte. 
A. )     Another  pleasant  climb  from 
that  village  is  the  Grand  Roc  Noir 
(3,537  ni.,  1 1,605  ft.),  on  the  N.  The 
summit,  which  commands  a  very  fine 
view,  may  be  reached  in  5^  hrs.  or  less 
by  the  S.E.  ridge  and  E.  face,  up 
which  there  is  a  convenient  gully  in 
the  rocks.    The  neighbouring  Pointe 
de  Vallonet  may  be  hence  gained  in 
40  min.  from  the  S.,  but,   as  it  is 
certainly  lower  than  the  Boc  Noir, 
the  height  (3,566  m.,  1 1,700  ft. )  as- 
!   signed  to  it  on  the  French  map  is 
certainly  wrong.      It  is  easy  to  de- 
scend from  the  Roc  Noir  by  the  little 
j   glacier  S.E.  of  the  summit  to  the 
Fesse  chalets  (2  hrs. ),  whence  the  Col- 
let de  la  Magdeleine  is  but  an  hour 
I   distant,  so  that  these  summits  can  be 
i   taken   in  a  day  on  the  way  from 
j   Lanslebourg  to  Bessans.  J 

History  of  the  Mont  Iseran. — In 
the  case  of  an  unknown  district  of  the 
I   Alps   it   not   unfrequently  happens 
that  mistakes  are  made   as  to  the 
j   peaks  thereof,  either  by  the  natives, 
!   who  are  inclined  to  believe  their  own 
:   mountains  the  highest,  or  among  the 
I   highest  in  the  Alps,  or  by  travellers, 
whether  through  flights  of  fancy  or 
erroneous  observations.    But  a  much 
i   more  fertile  source  of  error  is  the 
;   negligence    or   carelessness   of  map 
I   surveyors,  who  naturally  do  not  pay 
!   much  attention  to  high  peaks,  as  low 
and  easy  passes  are  practically  more 
j   useful.    Now  the   remarkable  fable 
I   that  just  E.  of  the  Col  dTseran  there 
j   exists  a  lofty  peak,  the  Mont  Iseran, 
j    13,271  or  13,275  ft.  in  height,  is  in 
i   no  way  due  to  the  natives,  who  from 
j   early  days  have  called,  and  still  call, 
I  the  pass  the  'Col  du  Mont  Iseran,' 


230       GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


therein  following  a  very  common 
practice  ;  witness  the  Mont  Genevre, 
the  Mont  Cenis,  the  Mont  St.  Ber- 
nard, the  Monte  Moro,  the  Mont  St. 
Gotthard,  &c.  ;  occasionally,  indeed, 
they  may  have  extended  this  name  to 
the  neighbouring  peaks  and  glaciers, 
but  there  is  no  evidence  that  the 
natives  on  either  side  of  the  pass  ever 
attributed  any  extraordinary  height  to 
any  peak  near  the  pass.  That  was 
reserved  for  the  fancy  of  a  writer  who 
had  never  visited  these  regions,  a 
fancy  confirmed  by  the  amazing  mis- 
take made,  for  some  reason  as  yet 
undiscovered,  by  the  Sardinian 
engineers.  As  the  subject  is  of  very 
considerable  historical  interest,  and  is 
not  very  well  known  in  England,  it 
may  be  convenient  to  give  here  a 
sketch  of  the  origin  and  fall  of  this 
impostor,  who  has  never  existed  save 
on  paper.  The  present  Editor  (W. 
A.  B.  C. )  is  preparing  a  detailed 
monograph  as  to  the  matter,  pending 
the  publication  of  which  reference 
may  well  be  made  to  a  very  clear  out- 
line, giving  all  the  main  points,  pub- 
lished in  1893  at  Grenoble  by  M. 
Henri  Ferrand  under  the  title  of 
4  Histoire  du  Mont  Iseran. ' 

Possibly  alluded  to  as  '  mohs  Cales 
-et  Cinisius  major,'  in  1574  by  Josias 
Simler,  of  Zurich,  in  his  '  De  Alpibus 
Commentarius,'  and  certainly  tra- 
versed in  1689  by  the  Vaudois,  and 
described  by  their  leader,  Henri 
Arnaud,  in  his  history  of  the  '  Glori- 
euseRentree'  (1710),  under  the  name 
of  the  'Mont  Tisseran,'  the  pass  is 
mentioned  and  briefly  noticed  by  at 
least  three  of  the  chief  French  military 
topographers  of  the  eighteenth  cen- 
tury, Brunet  de  PArgentiere  (1742), 
Montannel  (1777),  and  the  marquis 
de  Pezay  (1793),  being  called  in  each 
case  the  '  Mont  Iseran. '  The  exist- 
ence of  a  pass  implies,  of  course,  that 
eminences  of  some  sort  lie  on  either 
side  of  it,  but  before  1801  the  allu- 
sions even  to  these  are  very  meagre. 
It  should  be  noticed,  however,  that 
about  17  old  maps,  ranging  from 
1680  to  1772,  place  the  peak  of  the 


Mont  Iseran  north  of  the  Col  de  la 
Galise,  in  the  position  occupied  by 
the  Pointe  de  la  Galise  (3,345  m., 
10,975  ft.)  of  to-day;  the  earliest  of 
these   maps,    that  of  Borgonio,  is 
specially   remarkable    as    not  only 
naming   the   peak   E.   of   the  Col 
d; Iseran  the  '  Mont  de  Lenta,'  but 
also  as  giving  the  full  name  of  the 
pass  as  4  Col  du  Mont  Iseran. '  But 
by  far  the  larger  number  of  maps 
from  1663  onwards  indicate  the  peak 
of  the  Mont  Iseran  as  rising  S.  of  the 
Col  de  la  Galise,  and  E.  of  the  Col 
d'Iseran.     In  no  case,  however,  is 
a  height  assigned  to  it  on  any  of 
these  old  maps.    It  is  only  in  1801-2 
that  three  writers,  quite  independently 
of  each  other,  state  more  or  less  dis- 
tinctly that  E.  of  the  pass  there  is  a 
very  lofty  peak,  also  mentioning  as 
something  quite  different  the  mule 
pass   which   is   at   its  foot.  Thus 
Bourcet  (1801)  mentions  the  Mont 
Iseran  as  rising  between  two  of  the 
divisions  into  which  he  parcelled  out 
the  Alps,  and  as  giving  birth  to  the 
Arc  and  Isere.     In  the  same  year 
Brossier  speaks  of  this  summit  as  the 
loftiest  of  the  group  of  the  Galise. 
But  it  is  Albanis  Beaumont  (1802) 
who  first,   entirely  out  of  his  own 
head,  gives  a  glowing  description  of 
the  great  granite  colossus  which  rises 
between  the  valleys  of  Tignes,  Bonne- 
valj  Locana,  and  Cogne,  and  from 
whose  flanks  stream  forth  the  Isere, 
the  Arc,   and   the  Stura.  Passing 
i   over  the  mistakes  as  to  the  Cogne 
valley   and   the    Stura   river  (due, 
I   as  in  the  case  of  Simler,  to  imperfect 
j  knowledge  of  the  intricate  topography ) , 
i   the  whole  of  the  description  is  quite 
;   accurate,  save  in  its  most  important 
■   particular,  the  exceeding  great  height 
of  the  peak.    Perhaps  Beaumont  had 
j   seized    the    very    important  topo- 
graphical position  of  the  mountain 
!   mass  between  the  Col  d'Iseran  and 
the  main  ridge,  and  feeling  instinc- 
!   tively  that  a  very  high  peak  ought  to 
j  have  existed  there,  jumped  to  the 
natural,     but     wholly  unfounded, 
conclusion  that  it  did  exist  there. 


ROUTE  B.    HISTORY  OF  THE  MONT  ISERAN 


231 


In  reality  the  loftiest  summit  is  the 
Grande  Aiguille  Rousse,  which  is 
considerably  lower  than  any  of  its 
great  neighbours,  the  Grand  Paradis, 
the  Levanna,  and  the  Sassiere. 

But  these  hints  seem  to  have  passed 
without  notice.  Between  1806  and 
181 1  Corabceuf  (whose  results  were 
published  in  1825  only)  measured  a 
lofty  peak  (4,045  m.,  13,271  ft.)  be- 
tween Monte  Rosa  and  the  Roche- 
melon  ;  he  calls  it  Mont  Iseran,  but 
the  latitude  and  longitude  he  gives 
make  it  certain  that  this  peak  was 
really  the  Grand  Paradis.  The  same 
name  was  given  to  the  same  peak  by 
von  Welden  (1824),  who  measured 
its  height  as  4,046  m.  (13,275  ft.) 
In  1825  appeared  vol.  i.  of  the 
4  Operations  Geodesiques  et  Astro- 
nomiques  pour  la  mesure  d'un  Arc 
du  parallele  moyen,'  made  by  a  party 
of  Piedmontese  and  Austrian  officers. 
The  map  annexed  marks  the  pass 
only,  but  in  two  of  the  Panoramas  the 
true  Levanna  is  called  Mont  Iseran, 
the  latter  name  being  probably  given 
in  a  third  to  the  Albaron,  as  can  be 
shown  by  modern  photographs.  But 
nothing  whatever  is  said  as  to  the 
height  of  either  peak  or  pass.  In 
1829  Brockedon  (whose  narrative 
appears  in  the  1st  edition,  1838,  of 
4  Murray'),  and  in  1839  Forbes, 
crossed  the  pass,  but  noted  no  very 
high  peak  near  it.  Neither  did 
Brockedon  (before  1836)  or  Mr.  Mal- 
kin  (1843),  when  on  the  Col  de  la 
Galise,  nor  Mr.  Ball  in  1853,  or  an 
unknown  traveller  in  1854,  who  both 
crossed  the  Col  de  la  Leisse.  Mr. 
Weld  (before  1850)  and  the  Schlag- 
intweits  ( 1 8  5 1 )  both  crossed  the 
Col  dTseran  itself,  but  preserve  a 
remarkable  silence  about  this  lofty 
summit.  Yet  in  1845  it  had  been 
'  created  '  by  the  Sardinian  surveyors 
and  engineers  in  their  work,  4  Le 
Alpi  che  cingono  1'  Italia.'  On  their 
map  they  mark  (without  heights)  both 
the  pass  and  the  peak  E.  of  it ;  in 
their  4  Profilo  geometrico  '  the  Mont 
Iseran  appears  as  distinctly  lower 
than  the  Grande  Casse,  to  which  the 


height  of  3,863  m.  (12,674  ft.)  is 
attributed  ;  finally,  in  their  Table  of 
Peaks  and  Passes  (as  well  as  several 
times  in  their  text)  they  mention  the 
Mont  Iseran  (4,045  m.,  13,271  ft.), 
the  height  being  expressly  said  to  be 
taken  from  the  observations  of  the 
French  engineers — that  is,  from  Cora- 
bceuf. But  now  comes  the  strangest 
part  of  the  story,  which  to  this  day 
remains  unexplained  :  while  taking 
the  height  from  Corabeeuf  they 
altered  (why,  is  the  darkest  of  mys- 
teries) both  his  latitude  and  longitude, 
those  invented  by  them  transporting 
his  peak  and  his  height  to  the  position 
just  E.  of  the  Col  dTseran,  where  the 
name  had  long  stood  on  the  old  maps. 
These  results  were  reproduced  on  the 
Sardinian  map,  scale  ^uoo'  this 
sheet  being  originally  issued  in  1853. 
But  no  one  seems  to  have  paid  much, 
if  any,  attention  to  these  remarkable 
statements,  for  the  district  was 
scarcely  ever  visited  by  travellers.  It 
turned  out,  however,  that  the  very 
first  expedition  made  (Sept.  1859) 
by  Mr.  W.  Mathews  in  the  Taren- 
taise  Alps,  with  the  exploration  of 
which  his  name  will  ever  be  honour  - 
ably  associated,  was  the  passage  of 
the  Col  dTseran,  during  which  he 
was  quite  unable  to  see  with  his  own 
eyes  this  lofty  peak  of  4,045  m.,  or 
13,271  ft.,  or  to  obtain  any  information 
from  his  local  guide  concerning  it. 
He  therefore  began  to  suspect  its 
very  existence.  In  Aug.  i860  he 
was  again  unable  to  see  it  from  the 
Sassiere,  which  is  just  opposite  its 
alleged  position.  Next  month  Mr. 
J.  J.  Co  well  twice  crossed  the  Col, 
ascended  the  W.  Levanna,  and  finally 
the  point  3,241  m.,  10,634  ft.  (the 
Mont  Iseran  of  to-day),  proving  be- 
yond the  possibility  of  a  doubt  that 
this  peak  of  13,000  ft.  in  height  was 
an  invention  ;  and  to  him  belongs  the 
honour  of  having  first  published  this 
discovery  in  his  classical  paper  in 
4  Vacation  Tourists  in  i860'  (1861), 
Mr.  Mathews'  account  appearing  in 
1862  only  in  the  2nd  Series  of 
4  Peaks,  Passes,  and  Glaciers.'  Be- 


232        GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


fore  Mr.  Mathews'  first  expedition 
the  1st  Series  of  the  last-named  work 
had  appeared  (June  1859),  and  in 
the  list  of  the  chief  mountains  of  the 
Alps,  at  the  end,  we  find  '  No.  26. 
Mont  Iseran,  13,271  ft.  (Coraboeuf),' 
between  the  Gross  Viescherhorn  and 
the  Laquinhorn.  Early  in  the  summer 
of  i860  appeared  the  1st  edition  of 
Joanne's  '  Savoie,'  and  it  is  doubtless 
owing  to  the  very  precise  account  (by 
M.  Elisee  Reclus)  of  the  lofty  Mont 
Iseran,  4,046  m. ,  13,275  ft.  (including 
an  account  of  its  ascent,  though  not 
of  the  view  from  the  summit,  as  it  is 
stated  that  clouds  often  veil  it),  that 
the  invention  (though  dating  only 
from  1845)  °f  tnis  lofty  summit  has 
struck  such  deep  roots  that  as  lately 
as  1872  the  '  Times,'  in  1889  a 
French  guide-book,  and  in  1890  a 
French  map,  all  firmly  believed  in  its 
existence.  Yet  the  explorations  of 
Signor  Baretti  (1S63-4),  of  Messrs. 
Bonney  and  Taylor  (1864),  and  of 
Mr.  Nichols  (1866)  had  simply  con- 
firmed the  discovery  made  in  1859- 
1860.  In  1862  the  French  engineers 
climbed  the  peak  just  E.  of  the  pass, 
found  its  height  was  but  3.241  m. 
(10,634  ft.),  built  a  great  cairn  there, 
and  gave  it  its  present  name  of 
'  Signal  du  Mont  Iseran,'  but  their 
map  was  not  issued  till  1873.  As  a 
curiosity  it  may  be  mentioned  that  on 
the  latest  map  published  by  the  French 
Government  (the  '  Carte  Vicinale  ') 
the  peak  is  neither  indicated,  named, 
nor  given  any  height.  Nowadays, 
when  the  mountains  E.  of  the  Col  are 
far  better  known  than  they  have  ever 
been  before,  it  seems  all  but  incredible 
that  a  peak  which  had  only  a  short 
existence,  1845- 1859,  and  that  merely 
on  paper,  should  have  retained  its 
hold  on  the  mind  of  geographers  in  a 
far  greater  degree  than  the  mistakes 
as  to  the  Pic  and  the  Aiguille  d'Olan, 
the  Cima  di  Mercantour,  the  heights 
of  the  St.  Gotthard,  or  the  doubts  as 
to  the  whereabouts  of  the  true  summit 
cf  Monte  Rosa.  It  may  be  added 
that  the  theory  which  accounted  for 
the  creation  of  the  lofty  Mont  Iseran 


by  supposing  a  confusion  between  the 
Grand  Paradis,  the  Levanna,  and  the 
Sassiere,  seen  from  different  points  in 
the  direction  of  the  imaginary  peak, 
is,  though  plausible  in  itself,  not  borne 
out  by  the  facts  when  studied,,  as 
above,  from  a  purely  historical  point 
of  view. 


Route  C. 

LA  CHAMBRE  TO  MOL  TIERS  BY  THE 
COL  DE  LA  MADELEINE. 

This  pass  is  traversed  by  a  good 
mule  path  (at  either  end  becoming, 
indeed,  a  char  road),  and  is  much  fre- 
quented by  the  country  people,  as  it  is 

\  the  easiest  and  shortest  way  from  the 
Maurienne  to  the  Tarentaise,  but  it  is 
very  rarely  visited  by  strangers.  7  hrs. 
suffice  for  the  passage,  and  in  fine 
weather  a  guide  is  quite  unnecessary. 

From  the  village  of  La  Chambre 
(§  7.  Rte.  A)  a  mule  path  crosses 
the  Bugeon  torrent,  and  mounts  above 
its  right  bank  past  Mongellafrey  to- 
wards the  pass.  But  the  more  fre- 
quented way  is  to  mount  from  La 
Chambre  by  a  char  road  to  St.  Martin 
de  la  Chambre,  and  then  to  follow 
the  good  mule  path  on  the  left  bank 
of  the  Bugeon  towards  the  pass. 
Both  tracks  join  at  the  highest  chalets, 
a  short  distance  below  the  pass,  1,984 
m.,  6,509  ft.  (4  hrs.  from  La 
Chambre).  Hence  it  is  apparent  that 
the  Villards  or  Glandon  glen  (ij  8. 
Rte.  E),  on  the  opposite  side  of  the 
Arc  valley,  and  the  Ce liters  glen,  on 
the  N.  side  of  the  Col,  are  the  con- 
tinuation, in  opposite  directions  of  the 

\  trough,  of  which  the  central  portion 
is  the  Bugeon  glen,  by  which  the  Col 

\  is  reached  from  La  Chambre. 

[From  the  pass  the  Cheval  Noir 
(2,834  m.,  9,298  ft.),  on  the  S.E., 
can  be  climbed  in  2\  hrs.    To  the 

!   N.W.  rise  the  jagged  aiguilles  of  the 

I   Lauziere  group — badly  figured  on  the 


ROUTE  D.    ST.  JEAN  TO  MOUTIERS 


233 


maps — of  which  the  culminating 
point  has  been  named  the  Grand  de  la 
Lauziere  (2,797  m.,  9,177  ft. ) ;  it  may 
he  climbed  in  \\  hr.  from  the  foot  of 
the  Celliers  glacier  by  the  N.  ridge, 
tjie  last  \  hr.  alone  offering  a  scramble: 
this  glacier  can  be  reached  in  about 
3  hrs.  either  by  a  traverse  from  the 
Col  or  direct  from  the  hamlet  of 
Celliers.  J 

At  the  Rosets  chalets,  some  way 
down  the  N.  slope  of  the  pass,  the 
track  divides.  One  mule  path  follows 
the  left  bank  of  the  torrent  past  Cel- 
liers,  and  other  hamlets,  to  Bonne- 
val,  whence  a  char  road  descends 
to  the  jW.  D.  de  Briancon  station 
(3  hrs.),  on  the  line  between  Albert- 
ville  and  Moutiers  (Rte.  A.  above), 
5  m.  from  Moutiers.  The  more  fre- 
quented way  (also  a  mule  path) 
crosses  from  Rosets  to  the  right  bank 
of  the  torrent,  which  is  followed  for 
some  distance.  The  path  finally  turns 
to  the  right,  crosses  a  low  ridge,  and 
descends  to  Doucy,  whence  a  char 
road  leads  down  by  many  zigzags  to 
Bellecombe  (3  hrs.),  close  to  the 
junction  of  the  Morel  torrent  with 
the  Isere.  That  torrent,  and  then  the 
Isere,  are  crossed  in  order  to  gain  the 
Aigueblanche  station,  5  m.  from 
Doucy  and  1  m.  only  from  Moutiers. 

(The  Morel  torrent  descends  from 
the  pretty  Combe  des  Avanckers,  which 
opens  on  the  S.  of  Bellecombe.  From 
the  hamlet  of  Avanchers  a  mule  track 
leads  in  4  hrs.  over  the  Col  du  Golet 
to  Villarly,  in  the  Belleville  glen  (see 
Rte.  E),  while  another  path  leads 
across  the  Col  de  la  Cocke  to  Fontaine, 
lower  down  the  same  glen. ) 


Route  D. 

st.  jp:an  de  maurienne  to  mou- 
tiers BY  THE  COL  DE  LA  FLATIERE. 

This  is  a  very  interesting  pass,  and 
when  better  known  will  probably  be 


often   visited   by   tourists.     In  the 
apparent  difficulty  of  the  ascent  from 
the  Maurienne  side,  it  may  almost  be 
compared    to   the    Gemmi,    but  is 
longer  and  more  laborious  than  that 
famous  pass.     It  is  said  that  1 1  hrs. 
are  required  from  St.  Jean  de  Mau- 
rienne to  Moutiers.    There  is  a  char 
i   road  to  Hermillon,  and  a  mule  path 
;   thence  to  the  pass,  whence  a  foot 
■   track  leads  down  to  the  Fuz  chalets, 
I   where  the   mule   path  commences, 
this  in  its  turn  becoming  a  char  road 
at  the  Sausse  chalets. 

From  the  railway  station  of  St. 
Jean  de  Maurienne  (§  7.  Rte.  A)  a 
bridge  crosses  the  Arc,  and  a  country 
road  leads  to  Hermillon  (~  hr. ) 
Here  the  mule  path  turns  sharply  to 
!  the  right,  or  rather  S.  of  E.,  and 
mounts  gradually  along  the  base  of  a 
range  of  limestone  cliffs  to  the  chapel 
of  N.  D.  de  Alonlandrey  (1  hr. ),  a 
well-known  sanctuary,  annually  re- 
|  sorted  to  by  large  numbers  of  pilgrims 
!  on  Sept.  8.  1 A  new  path  now  climbs 
the  Eckaillon  precipices  direct  from 
1  the  Arc  to  this  spot.)  Immediately 
above  the  church  is  a  rock  which 
commands  a  remarkably  fine  view  of 
the  high  peaks  between  the  Arc  and 
Romanche  valleys,  and  of  the  Arvan 
glen.  After  passing  the  mean  vil- 
lage of  Montandrey  the  track  turns 
to  the  N.,  and  mounts  along  the 
upper  verge  of  the  cliffs,  the  base 
of  which  it  had  previously  skirted. 
Hermillon  lies  at  a  great  depth 
below.  After  mounting  rapidly  for 
a  good  \  hr.  the  path  turns  N.E. 
in  the  direction  of  the  Col,  continuing 
to  ascend  for  another  \  hr.  amidst 
fine  old  pine  trees.  On  emerging 
from  the  forest  the  path  seems  to  have 
entered  a  cul  de  sac,  closed  by  im- 
passable rocks ;  but  a  chimney,  through 
which  the  track  is  carried  by  a  series 
of  steep  zigzags,  affords  an  issue. 
This  leads  to  the  pasture  terrace  of 
Planey,  whence  a  last  view  is  gained 
of  the  valley  of  the  Arc,  and  of  the 
town  of  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne. 
Above  Planey  the  extensive  pastures, 
on  which  are  several  groups  of  chalets, 


234 


GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


stretch  towards  the  Col,  and  after 
skirting  the  edge  of  a  formidably 
steep  ravine  which  opens  on  the  W. 
the  track  reaches  the  chalets  of  Plan 
de  Monsieur  (3 J-  hrs.  from  Hermillon). 
In  fine  weather  it  is  now  easy  to  find 
the  way,  as  the  depression  of  the  pass 
remains  in  view,  and  is  marked  by  a 
square  rock  in  the  midst,  called  the 
Bonnet  du  Pretre.  To  the  right  the 
Perron  des  Encombres  is  seen  above 
the  nearer  ridge  dividing  this  plateau 
from  the  Encombres  glen.  At  a 
bifurcation  of  the  mule  path,  the  best 
marked  branch,  that  to  the  right, 
must  be  avoided,  as  it  leads  over  the 
Col  du  Chdtelard,  or  de  la  Varlos sieve 
(marked  by  a  wooden  cross),  to  the 
path  from  the  Col  des  Encombres,  in 
the  glen  of  the  same  name.  That  to 
the  left  leads  up  in  about  2  hrs.  from 
Plan  de  Monsieur  (or  6  hrs.  from  St. 
Jean  de  Maurienne)  to  the  Col  de  la  • 
Platier e ,  or  Pas  de  la  Roche  (c.2, 600  m . , 
8,531  ft.)  It  is  possible  to  pass  on 
either  side  of  the  Bonnet  du  Pretre, 
but  the  track  keeps  to  its  left.  The 
view  from  the  pass  is  limited,  except  to 
the  N.E. ,  where  the  range  of  Moat 
Blanc,  towering  over  the  intermediate 
ranges,  produces  a  grand  effect. 

The  descent  on  the  N.  side  of  the 
Col  leads  into  the  Nant  Brun  glen, 
which  is  wild  and  rather  dreary,  bare  \ 
of  trees,  and  surrounded  by  slopes  of 
debris,  with  here  and  there  a  patch  of 
snow.  The  foot  path  leads  down 
stones,  and  then  along  a  promontory 
of  shattered  slate,  which  projects  be-  : 
tween  two  ravines.  In  f  for.  the 
track  reaches  a  point  where  the  Nant 
Brun,  formed  by  the  union  of  the 
streams  that  drain  the  head  of  the 
valley,  has  cut  a  deep  ravine  through 
the  rock.  The  track  keeps  to  the 
left  bank,  and  in  I  hr.  more,  at  the 
chalets  of  Puz,  becomes  a  mule  path. 
Some  marshy  meadows,  the  bed  of  an 
ancient  lake,  are  traversed,  and  be- 
tween the  highest  huts  ( Vavbuche) 
and  Puz,  after  passing  the  next  gorge, 
which  formerly  held  back  the  waters 
of  the  lake,  the  path  gradually  recedes 
from  the  torrent,  and  is  henceforward 


carried  along  the  W.  slope  of  the 
valley,  at  a  considerable  height  above 
the  stream.  In  about  2  hrs.  from  the 
Col  it  crosses  the  considerable  affluent 
of  the  Sausse  torrent,  descending  from 
the  W. ,  and  beyond  attains  the  Sausse 
chalets,  whence  there  is  a  char  road. 
20  min.  farther  is  the  village  of  Deux 
Nants,  at  the  junction  of  another 
stream  from  the  W.  with  the  Nant 
Brun.  The  valley  here  becomes  very 
picturesque.  A  pine  forest  clothes 
the  opposite  mountain  slopes,  while 
lower  down  corn  fields  are  seen,  with 
houses  and  mills,  scattered  amidst 
fine  walnut  trees.  Three-quarters  of 
an  hour  below  Deux  Nants  is  the 
village  of  St.  Jean  de  Belleville, 
picturesquely  placed  above  the  junc- 
tion of  the  Nant  Brun  with  the  Belle- 
ville glen.  It  is  2  hrs.  (6  m.)  more 
by  a  carriage  road  to  Moutiers,  the 
route  being  identical  with  that  from 
the  Col  des  Encombres,  described  in 
the  next  Rte. 


Route  E. 

ST.  MICHEL  DE  MAURIENNE  TO  MOU- 
TIERS BY  THE  COL  DES  ENCOMBRES. 

This  is  a  direct,  but  dreary  and 
rather  tedious,  pass.  The  torrent 
descending  from  the  Col  joins  the 
Arc  about  2  miles  below  St.  Michel, 
but  the  char  road  mounts  by  zigzags 
from  St.  Michel  itself,  winds  W.  of 
Thyl  along  the  mountain-side,  and 
having  crossed  several  ravines  reaches 
the  village  of  Beaune  (1  hr. ),  which 
commands  a  fine  view  up  the  two 
glens  of  Valloire  and  Valmeinier,  on 
the  opposite  side  of  the  Arc. 

[Just  E.  of  Beaune  is  the  Mont 
Bvequin  (3,194  m.,  10,479  ft.),  easily 
reached  from  the  Col  de  la  Pievve 
Blanche,  on  its  N.W.  ;  by  this  pass 
the  Bruyeres  huts,  at  the  head  of  the 
Belleville  glen,  can  be  gained  in 
about  6  hrs.  from   St.   Michel,  or 


ROUTE  E.    ST.  MICHEL  DE  MA'URIE^NE  TO  MOUTIERS  235 


those  of  Thorens^  i|-  hr.  higher  up,  I 
in  7  hrs.  by  crossing  the  spur  between 
the  two  uppermost  arms  of  the  Belle-  \ 
ville  glen.] 

The  Col  des  Encombres  (2,337  m., 
J,668  ft.)  lies  due  N.  of  Beaune,  and 
is  reached  by  a  mule  path  in  about 
3  hrs.   from   that  place.    20   min.  1 
before  gaining  the  pass  are  the  Sausse  \ 
chalets,  with  a  Club  hut  (several  beds), 
whence   the  Perron  des  E7ico?nbres  \ 
(2,828  m.,  9,279  ft.),  to  the  N.W.,  i 
may  be  climbed  in  2-|  hrs. ,  the  view 
from  the  summit  being  very  exten- 
sive. 

There  are  two  chief  ways  of  de- 
scending  from  the  pass  to  St.  Martin 
de  Belleville. 

(a)  That  through  the  Encombres 
glen  on  the  N.  is  the  most  frequented, 
and  has  the  advantage  of  a  mule  path. 
The  path  follows  throughout  the  right 
bank  of  the  torrent  (for  the  Col  de  la 
Varlossiere  see  last  Rte.),  and  leads 
to  Le  Chatelard,  above  the  junction 
of  the  Encombres  and  Belleville 
torrents.  St.  Martin  is  just  opposite, 
and  is  gained  in  about  3  hrs.  from  the 
pass. 

(b)  A  rather  longer  way  is  through  j 
the  Belleville  glen,  which  is  reached 
by  a  foot  path  from  the  Col  which 
traverses  to  the  right  to  the  Collet 
Bla,7ic  (2,669  m-j  8,757  ft.),  and  then 
descends  into  the  same  arm  of  the 
glen  which  is  gained  from  the  Col  de 
la  Pierre  Blanche.  A  stony  ravine 
leads  down  to  the  Bruyeres  huts, 
whence  there  is  a  bad  char  road 
through  the  smiling  Belleville  glen  to 
St.  Martin  (3  hrs.  from  the  Col). 
But  if  bound  from  St.  Michel  direct 
to  the  Belleville  glen,  the  Col  de  la 
Pierre  Blanche  is  far  shorter  than  the 
detour  by  the  Col  des  Encombres. 

(c)  A  third  way  to  St.  Martin  is  to  j 
keep  high  up  above  the  right  bank  of  j 
the  Encombres  torrent  and  to  cross 
the  ridge  to  the  pretty  glen  of  Gef- 
friand,  through  which  St.  Martin  is 
gained. 

St.  Martin  de  Belleville  ( 1 ,  3S0  m. ,  j 
4,528  ft.),  the  chief  village  of  the  | 
valley,  stands  on  a  terrace  in  the  | 


midst  of  walnut  and  chestnut  trees. 
Several  easy  paths  lead  hence  over  to 
the  Combe  des  Allues,  on  the  E. 

The  main  char  road  soon  crosses 
over  to  the  left  bank  of  the  torrent, 
which  is  followed  through  pleasing 
scenery  past  St.  Jean  de  Belleville 
(5  m.  from  St.  Martin),  Villarly,  and 
Fontaine  (for  the  paths  from  these 
villages  over  to  the  Avanchers  glen 
see  Rte.  C.  above),  descending  at  last 
by  some  great  zigzags  to  Moutiers 
(3  hrs.  or  11  m.  from  St.  Martin). 
There  is  also  a  mule  path  (perhaps 
now  a  char  road)  which  runs  above 
the  right  bank  of  the  stream  from  St. 
Martin  to  Salins,  1  m.  from  Moutiers. 


Route  F. 

ST.  MICHEL  OR  MODANE  TO  MOU- 
TIERS OR  PRALOGNAN  BY  THE 
PECLET  GROUP. 

Between  the  well-known  routes 
over  the  Cols  des  Encombres  and  de 
Chaviere  there  rises  a  very  consider- 
able, though  as  yet  little  frequented, 
glacier-covered  group  of  mountains, 
which  culminates  in  the  Aiguilles  de 
Peclet  (3,566  m.,  11,700  ft.)  and  de 
Polset  (3,538  m.,  11,608  ft.),  both 
climbed  for  the  first  time  by  English 
travellers,  who  otherwise  have  paid 
hardly  any  attention  to  this  region. 
These  summits  rise  in  about  the  centre 
of  the  group,  which  is  of  considerable 
length  from  N.  to  S.,  but  not  very 
broad,  save  at  its  S.  end.  S.  of 
these  peaks  is  the  extensive  Chaviere 
glacier,  which  drains  to  the  E.  to- 
wards the  upper  part  of  the  Chaviere 
or  Polset  glen,  while  on  the  W.  it  is 
all  but  level  with  three  smaller  glaciers, 
those  of  Renod,  Bonchet,  and  Thorens. 
The  latter  descends  towards  the 
chalets  of  the  same  name,  at  the  head 
of  the  S.  E.most  of  the  two  arms  of  the 
Belleville  glen,  while  the  two  others 
flow  down   into  the  steep  Bouchet 


236        GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


glen,  the  stream  from  which  joins  the 
Arc  between  St.  Michel  and  Mo- 
dane.  On  the  N.  the  narrow  and 
elongated  Gebroulaz  glacier  descends 
into  the  head  of  the  Combe  des  A  Hues ■, 
which  joins  the  Doron  valley  at  Brides 
les  Bains.  From  the  Gebroulaz  glacier 
a  glacier  arm  ( Glacier  du  Lac  Blanc) 
flows  down  N.E.  towards  the  Lac 
Blanc,  at  the  very  head  of  the  Doron 
valley,  which  may  also  be  reached 
lower  down  by  several  easy  passes.  On 
the  W.  of  the  Gebroulaz  glacier  is 
that  of  Peclet,  due  E.  of  the  Thorens 
chalets,  and  separated  from  the 
Gebroulaz  glacier  by  a  rocky  ridge 
traversed  by  the  Col  de  Pec  let.  It  is 
thus  evident  that  the  direct  route 
through  the  Peclet  group  leads  from 
the  Bouchet  glen  over  the  Col  de 
Gebroulaz,  between  the  two  Aiguilles, 
to  the  Combe  des  Allues  ;  the  S.  side 
of  that  pass  may  be  also  gained  from 
the  Chaviere  glen  on  the  E. ,  or  that 
of  Belleville  on  the  W.,  while  from 
the  N.  side  many  ways  may  be  found 
E.  into  the  upper  Doron  valley. 
Hence  many  routes  may  be  made 
across  this  group  in  various  directions, 
the  chief  of  which  only  can  be  indi- 
cated here. 

About  3  m.  E.  of  St.  Michel,  and 
6  m.  W.  of  Modane,  is  the  hamlet  of 
Francoz,  on  the  high  road  between 
those  two  places.  It  is  close  to  the 
junction  of  the  Botichet  torrent  with 
the  Arc.  A  stony  foot  path  mounts 
hence,  and  crosses  the  torrent  to  Bon- 
villard,  on  its  left  bank.  Beyond,  it 
it  passes  through  forests,  with  pretty 
views  of  the  Aiguilles  d'Arves,  and 
ascends  from  one  to  another  of  several 
steep  steps,  the  stream  descending  in 
rapids,  till  the  highest  chalets,  those 
of  Flan  Bouchet,  are  gained  (3I  hrs. 
from  Francoz). 

To  the  N.  and  E.  of  these  chalets, 
which  stand  in  a  basin  at  the  meeting 
place  of  several  streams  and  glens,  are 
the  Bouchet  and  Re'nod  glaciers.  Over 
the  former  (N. )  may  be  reached  the 
Col  de  Plan  Botichet,  W.  of,  and  the 
Col  du  Bouchet,  E.  of  the  Pointe  de 
Plan  Bouchet  (3,056  m.,  10,027  ft-)? 


both  above  the  Thorens  glacier,  and 
reached  in  2  hrs.  from  the  chalets  : 
they  command  splendid  views  of  the 
Dauphine  Alps,  and  give  access  in 
\\  hr.  more  to  the  Thorens  huts  in 
the  stony  hollow  at  the  very  head  of 
the  Belleville  glen. 

^Nearly  due  N.  of  this  hollow  is 
the  grassy  Col  de  la  Chambre,  by 
which  the  Allues  glen  may  be  gained 
in  4  hrs.  from  the  true  Col  de  la 
Monte1  e  du  Fo7id — W.  of  the  Cime  de 
Caron  (3,149  m.,  10,332  ft.),  S.E.  of 
which  peak  is  the  Col  de  Caron — 
while  to  the  E.  the  wide,  snowy  de- 
pression of  the  Col  de  Thorens  (3  hrs. 
from  the  Thorens  chalets)  gives  access 
in  1  hr.  more  to  the  Col  de  Gebroulaz. 
From  the  Thorens  chalets  the  Col  de 
Peclet,  S.  of  the  Mont  du  Borgne, 
leads  over  a  rocky  ridge  to  the 
Gebroulaz  glacier  (3  hrs.  from  the 
Thorens  huts).  J 

But  the  direct  route  from  the  Plan 
Bouchet  chalets  to  the  Col  de 
Gebroulaz  is  over  the  steeper  glacier, 
that  of  Renod,  to  the  E.,  the  Col  at 
the  head  of  which,  the  Col  Renod,  is 
attained  in  2  hrs.  from  the  chalets. 
It  is  between  the  Pointe  du  Bouchet 
(3,407  m.,  11,178  ft.)  on  the  N.W. 
(reached  in  rather  over  1  hr. )  and 
the  Pointe  Renod  (3,372  m.,  11,063 
ft.)  on  the  S.E.  (perhaps  accessible 
hence,  but  as  yet  ascended  only  in 
5  hrs.  from  the  Polset  chalets,  on  the 
S.E.)  A  steep  snow  slope  leads  in 
10  m.  to  the  level  of  the  great 
Chaviere  glacier,  the  traverse  of 
which  in  a  due  N.  direction  offers  no 
difficulty,  though  quite  2  hrs.  are 
required  before  the  Col  de  Gebroulaz 
(3,470  m.,  11,385  ft.)  is  attained. 

£On  the  W.  the  traveller  sees  easy 
openings  (the  Col  Lory  and  the  Col 
de  Thorens)  giving  access  respectively 
to  the  Bouchet  and  Thorens  glaciers, 
while  to  the  E.  a  steep  descent  down 
rocks  past  three  waterfalls,  near  the 
point  2,655  m-  °f  the  niap,  leads 
down  to  the  Polset  glen  ;  nearer  the 
Col  de  Gebroulaz,  and  N.  of  the 
point  3,217  m.  of  the  map,  the  Col 
de   Polset  crosses  a  ridge  not  dis- 


ROUTE  F.    ST.  MICHEL  OR  MODANE  TO  MOUTIERS  237 


tinctly  marked  on  the  map,  and 
leads  down  the  Polset  glacier  and 
to  the  N.  of  a  fine  waterfall  to  the 
upper  part  of  the  Polset  glen,  not 
far  from  the  Chaviere  lake  (if  hr. 
from  the  S.  foot  of  the  Polset 
peak). 

As  stated  above,  this  lofty  snow 
pass  lies  between  the  Aiguilles  de 
Peclet  (3,566  m.,  11,700  ft.)  and  de 
Polset  (3,538  m.,  11,608  ft.)  Both 
may  be  easily  ascended  from  it.  The 
S.  base  of  the  former  is  gained  by  snow 
in  \  hr. ,  and  the  summit  in  -J  hr.  more 
by  debris  slopes  and  the  S.E.  ridge. 
The  highest  and  central  rock  pinnacle  j 
of  the  Polset  is  ascended  in  J  hr.  from  j 
the  pass;  the  E.  summit  (3,430  m.,  j 
11,254  ft.),  the  fine  snow  dome  so  j 
conspicuous  from  Pralognan,  might  be  J 
also  gained  in  a  short  time.    In  1878  I 
Mr.  Coolidge  made  the  first  ascent  of 
the  Peclet  by  the  route  described  ;  in 
1 86 1  Mr.  W.  Mathews  climbed  from 
the  Col  de  Chaviere  in  2^  hrs.  over 
the  E.  summit  of  the  Polset  [ox  Dome 
de  Polset)  to  the  highest  point  ;  the 
latter  was  gained  from  the  Col  de 
Gebroulaz  in  1878  by  the  route  de- 
scribed by  Mr.  Coolidge,  who  in  1884  j 
reached  the  E.   summit  in  6J  hrs.  | 
from  Pralognan  by  way  of  the  Lac 
Blanc,  the  Lac  Blanc  glacier,  and  the 
snowy  N.  face  ;  both  the  parties  men- 
tioned went  down  from  the  S.  foot  of 
the  peak  by  the  Col  de  Polset  to  the 
upper  Chaviere  glen.]] 

Save  for  some  seracs  at  the  foot  of 
the  Peclet  the  descent  of  the  Gebrou- 
laz glacier  offers  no  great  difficulties, 
a  due  N.  direction  being  always  kept. 

[By  bearing  N.E.  the  Col  du  Lac 
Blanc ;  over  the  N.E.  arm  of  that 
glacier,  or  Glacier  du  Lac  Blanc,  can 
be  crossed,  and  Pralognan  gained  in 
3  hrs.  past  the  Lac  Blanc,  where  the 
way  from  the  Pas  du  Soufre,  lower 
down  that  glacier,  falls  in.] 

The  glacier  is  quitted  at  its  N.  ex- 
tremity in  2.\  hrs. ,  and  the  Gebroulaz 
chalets  gained  in  \  hr.  more,  these 
being  \  hr.  above  those  of  Saut  (2,154 
m.,  7,067  ft.) 

[Hence  the  Col  Rouge  (2,736  m., 


8,977  ft.)  leads  over  direct  to  the 
Doron  glen,  near  the  Ritort  chalets.] 

A  party  bound  for  Pralognan  (which 
has  not  taken  the  shorter  route  by 
the  Lac  Blanc  mentioned  above)  may 
hence  mount  E.  by  a  zigzag  path  to 
the  Col  de  Chanrouge,  2,538  m., 
8,327  ft.  (1  hr. ),  and  then,  avoiding 
the  direct  descent  by  the  Petite  Val 
on  the  N.  to  Bozel,  may  work  round 
to  the  depression  N.  of  the  Petit 
Mont  Blanc  de  Pralognan  [Col  des 
Saulces  of  the  French  map),  2  hrs., 
whence  Pralognan  is  easily  attained 
in  if  hr.  more. 

The  direct  path  from  Saut  towards 
Brides  descends  beneath  the  impos- 
ing rock  mass  of  the  Aiguille  du 
Fruit  (3,056  m.,  10,027  ft.)  to  tne 
Plan  chalets,  at  the  head  of  the 
Combe  des  Allues  proper  ( 1  hr. ), 
passing  on  the  way  the  Fruit  chalets, 
whence  the  pass  of  that  name  leads 
over  to  Bozel,  while  from  them  the 
Aiguille  du  Fruit  has  been  ascended 
with  difficulty  in  7 \  hrs. ,  mainly  by  a 
great  couloir  in  its  W.  face.  From 
the  Plan  chalets  there  is  a  mule  path 
to  the  hamlet  of  Les  Allues,  whence 
a  char  road  leads  down  in  4  m. 
through  the  pretty  pasture  valley  of 
Allues  to  Brides  les  Bains  (if  hr. ), 
4  m.  by  carriage  road  from  Moutiers. 


Route  G. 

MODANE  TO  PRALOGNAN  BY  THE 
COLS  DE  CHAVIERE  AND  D'AUSSOIS. 

The  Peclet  group  (described  in  the 
last  Rte. )  is  separated  from  the 
Vanoise  Group  (described  in  Rte.  H) 
by  the  long  upper  valley  of  the  Doron, 
at  the  head  of  which  rises  a  tangled 
mountain  pass  crowned  by  the  Point e 
de  VEchelle  (3,432  m.,  11,260  ft.) 
This  mass  sends  forth  on  the  S.  a 
great  spur,  which  separates  the 
Chaviere  and  Aussois  glens,  which 
join  the  Arc  valley  at  or  near  Modane. 


238        GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


Each,  therefore,  leads  up  to  a  pass  over 
into  the  upper  Doron  valley,  the  Col 
de  Chaviere  (the  more  frequented), 
and  the  Col  oV  Aussois,  passing  W. 
and  N.  E.  respectively  of  the  Pointe  de 
l'Echelle.  Both  passes  are  seen  to 
the  best  advantage  when  taken  from 
Modane,  but  as  that  place  is  371  m. 
(1,217  ft-)  lower  than  Pralognan, 
each  pass  is  more  laborious  if  Modane 
be  taken  as  the  starting  point.  The 
tracks  only  join  at  the  Ritort  chalets, 
in  the  Doron  valley. 

1.  By  the  Col  de  Chaviere  (7-8 
hrs. ) — From  the  railway  station  at 
Modane  the  traveller  must  follow  the 
high  road  to  the  town  (20  min. ), 
where  an  iron  bridge  crosses  the  Arc. 
A  steep,  stony  mule  path  mounts 
nearly  due  N. ,  and  then  through 
woods  (broken  by  great  white  crags), 
in  which  it  makes  a  great  zigzag. 
The  fort  of  Le  Sappey  is  seen  on  a 
spur  on  the  other  side  of  the  wooded 
gorge  to  the  1.  This  ravine  is  in- 
teresting to  the  geologist,  as  it  lies 
along  the  line  of  junction  between  the 
Carboniferous  rocks  to  the  W.  and 
newer  Secondary  strata  to  the  E. 
The  chalets  of  Pol  set  (1,809  m., 
5,935  ft.)  are  1  \  hr.  from  the  town, 
and  here  the  mule  path  ends.  They 
afford  fair  night  quarters  for  travellers 
bent  on  the  ascents  of  the  Aiguille  de 
Polset  or  the  Pointe  Renod  (see  last 
Rte. ),  or  of  the  Pointe  de  l'Echelle 
(see  below).  The  foot  path  continues 
to  mount  steeply  above  the  1.  bank 
of  the  torrent,  till  it  gains  the  upper 
stone-strewn  basin  at  the  foot  of  the 
last  ascent  to  the  pass  (i-J-hr.)  To 
the  W.  are  seen  the  steep  cliffs, 
seamed  by  waterfalls,  below  the 
Chaviere  and  Polset  glaciers. 

[For  the  ascent  of  the  Pointe  de 
rEehelle  (3,432  m.,  11,260  ft.)  it  is 
necessary  to  strike  off  to  the  E.  at 
this  point,  so  as  to  gain  the  glacier  at 
its  S.W.  foot,  whence  a  broad  snow 
couloir  leads  up  to  the  S.  ridge,  by 
which  the  summit  is  reached  in  3  hrs. 
from  the  path.  The  view  is  very 
extensive.  If  coming  direct  from 
Polset  it  is  shorter  to  leave  the  path 


I  sooner,  so  as  to  mount  to  the  r. 
I   towards  the  Lac  de  la  Partie.J 

Some  slopes  of  stones  and  a  snow 
slope  then  lead  up  to  the  pass, 
2,806  m.,  9,206  ft.  (I  hr.,  or  4 \  hrs. 
from  the  station.)  It  commands  a 
fine  view  of  the  Dauphine  peaks,  and 
of  Mont  Blanc. 

The  track  on  the  other  side  is  at 
i   first  very  indistinct.     It  is  best  to 
j   bear  round  to  the  N.W.  so  as  to  gain  a 
j   small  lake,  cow  tracks  then  leading 
down  to  the  level  of  the  Doron  glen 
'   opposite  the  Ritort  chalets  (ij  hr. 
from  the  Col),  where  the  mule  path 
begins  again.     On  the  way  the  tracks 
to  the  Gebroulaz  glacier  by  the  Lac 
Blanc  and  by  the  Pas  du  Soufre  are 
passed,  and  lower  down  that  over 
the  Col  Rouge  or  de  Co?'ne?ller  to  the 
chalets  of  Saut  (see  last  Rte.)  In 
20  min.  more  the  chalets  of  La  Motte 
(the  best  night  quarters  in  the  valley) 
are  reached.    Beyond,  the  path  con- 
tinues down  the  valley,  crossing  and 
!   recrossing  the  stream.    The  wooded 
mound  of  La  Cholliere  is  skirted  on 
its  1.  flank,  and  then  the  path  descends 
into  the  basin  of  Pralognan,  a  very 
fine  view  of  the  Grande  Casse  being 
i   obtained  while  crossing  the  meadows 
to  the  hamlet  of  Le  Barioz.  where 
are  the  inns  (ij  hr.  from  La  Motte, 
or  3^  hrs.  from  the  Col), 
j       2.  By  the  Col  d'Aussois  (9  hrs. ) — 
After  crossing  the  Arc  by  the  bridge 
described  above,  a  char  road  mounts 
1   past  the  waterfall  of  St.  Benott,  above 
the  village  of  Avn'eux,  and  through 
the  Fort  of  Esseillon  by  many  zigzags 
to  the  village  of  Aussois  (2  hrs. ) 

£3  hrs.  X.E.  of  Aussois  by  a  direct 
path  are  the  Fournache  chalets,  the 
most  convenient   night  quarters  for 
:  the  ascent  of  the  Dent  Parrachee 
(3,712  m..    12,179  ft-)?   which  was 
:   ascended  hence  in  1864  by  Messrs. 
Blanford,    Cuthbert,    and  Rowsell, 
who  found,  a  little  below  the  top,  a 
:   cairn,  probably  built  by  the  French 
\   engineers.     Hence   in    2J  hrs.  the 
j    Col  de  VArpont,  on  the  S.W.  ridge 
j   of  the  peak,  is  gained  with  difficulty, 
I  and  the  summit  in  under  2  hrs.  more, 


ROUTE  G.    MODANE  TO  PRALOGNAN 


239 


along  or  near  the  ridge.  The  view  is 
one  of  the  noblest  in  the  Alps.  The 
descent  from  the  Col  to  the  Dent 
Parrachee  glacier  takes  only  20  min. 
Thence  the  Arpont  chalets,  on  the 
N.  E. ,  can  be  gained  in  2  hrs. ,  or,  if 
preferred,  one  of  the  summits  of  the 
Dome  de  Chasseforet  ridge,  on  the 
N.W.,  climbed,  in  3  hrs.  or  so,  or 
traversed,  Pralognan  being  gained 
either  by  the  Genepy  glacier  or  the 
Nants  glen.  Difficult  routes  have 
been  forced  up  the  Dent  Parrachee 
from  the  S.  and  from  the  E. ,  but 
that  from  P^ournache  is  the  best.  It 
is,  of  course,  possible  to  sleep  at  the 
Trois  Granges,  above  Termignon,  and 
then  gain  the  Col  de  PArpont  by  its 
N.  slope.  J 

A  mule  path  mounts  from  Aussois 
by  a  succession  of  terraces  of  green 
pasture,  separated  by  steep  steps  of 
pine-covered  rock,  the  torrent  forming 
pretty  cascades  alongside  of  the  path, 
and  passes  many  chalets,  before  the 
highest,  those  of  Fond  (2,333  m., 
7,655  ft.),  are  attained  in  2  hrs.  from 
Aussois. 

[Hence  two  variations  on  the  ordi- 
nary route  over  the  pass  can  be  made. 
One  consists  in  ascending  N.E. ,  and 
by  easy  snow  slopes  gaining  the 
Pierre  Huin  ide,  3,520m.,  1 1 , 5  49  ft . 
(4  hrs.),  at  the  meeting  point  of 
several  ridges  ;  hence  the  descent 
may  be  made  by  the  1.  bank  of  the 
Genepy  glacier  to  the  La  Motte 
chalets  in  the  valley  of  the  Doron, 
and  so  to  Pralognan  (5  hrs.),  or  by 
skirting  along  its  E.  slope  at  first  the 
Dome  de  Chasseforet  ridge  may  be 
attained,  and  crossed  in  various  direc- 
tions. Another  variation  is  to  mount 
nearly  due  N.  from  the  Fond  chalets 
in  2  hrs.  to  the  depression  W.  of  the 
Roche  Chevriere  ( 3, 282  m. ,  10, 768 ft. ), 
thence  accessible  in  f  hr. ,  and  com- 
manding a  fine  view  ;  the  descent  on 
the  other  side  of  this  depression  soon 
joins  the  ordinary  route.  J 

The  ascent  from  Fond  to  the  Col 
d' Aussois  lies  slightly  N.W.,  and  is 
very  steep,  taking  2  hrs.  or  so.  The 
pass,  near  which  there  is  a  cross,  is 


9,228  ft.  in  height,  and  the  prospect 
thence  includes  Mont  Blanc,  the 
Pourri,  the  Chasseforet,  and  the 
Peclet  group.  It  is  separated  from 
the  depression  at  the  W.  foot  of  the 
Roche  Chevriere  by  a  long  ridge 
rising  in  apeak  of  3,156  m.  (10,355  ft. ), 
the  traverse  from  one  depression  to 
the  other,  mainly  along  the  ridge, 
taking  nearly  2  hrs.  The  route  on 
the  N.  slope  lies  down  snow  a.nd 
stones,  I  hr.  sufficing  to  reach  a  great 
cairn  at  the  edge  of  the  steep  descent 
{\  hr. )  to  the  Ritort  chalets,  where 
the  Doron  is  crossed  to  join  the  Col 
de  Chaviere  path,  by  which  Pralognan 
is  attained  in  less  than  2  hrs.  more. 


Route  H. 

MOUTIERS  TARENTAISE  TO  PRALO- 
GNAN. EXCURSIONS  AND  ASCENTS 
FROM  PRALOGNAN.  ASCENT  OF 
THE  GRANDE  CASSE. 

Carriage  road  (16^  m. )  to  Pralognan. 

The  excursion  from  Moutiers  to 
Pralognan  is  one  that  should  be 
omitted  by  no  traveller  visiting  these 
regions,  for  Pralognan  is  one  of  the 
most  charming  spots  in  the  district, 
while  the  good  new  inn  forms  an 
excellent  headquarters.  On  the  way 
the  mineral  springs  of  Salins  and 
Brides  are  passed,  the  drive  whence 
up  to  Pralognan  is  one  of  the  favourite 
methods  of  beguiling  the  weariness  of 
a  '  cure. ' 

The  high  road  crosses  the  Isere  on 
leaving  Moutiers,  and  runs  along  the 
right  bank  of  the  Doron  to  ( r  m. ) 

Salins  (492  m.,  1,614  ft.),  opposite 
the  opening  of  the  Belleville  glen 
(Rte.  E).  Here  are  salt  springs,  the 
water  containing  a  considerable  pro- 
portion of  common  salt,  and  sulphate 
of  lime,  along  with  a  moderate 
quantity  of  carbonate  of  lime,  and 
other  salts.    They  are  now  largely 


GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


used  for  bathing  purposes,  and  there 
is  a  fine  new  Etablisseme?tt  Thermal. 
These  salts  are  now  evaporated  by  a 
new  process,  but  the  old  method 
(chiefly  for  obtaining  culinary  salts)  is 
picturesque  enough  to  deserve  a  short 
description,  as,  though  of  the  simplest 
kind,  it  was  yet  effectual.  The  water 
from  the  springs  was  conducted 
through  a  long  succession  of  sheds  by 
means  of  gutters,  from  which  it  was 
allowed  to  drop  slowly  over  faggots 
of  thin  twigs,  and  was  finally  brought 
into  .a  building,  where  it  trickled 
down  a  vast  number  of  cords  arranged 
vertically  in  frames.  The  effect  was 
to  deposit  on  the  branches  of  the 
faggots,  and  the  cords,  the  greater 
part  of  the  calcareous  salts  which  the 
water  holds  in  solution,  and  to  pro- 
duce a  highly  concentrated  solution 
of  common  salt,  which  was  then 
evaporated  with  a  comparatively  trifl- 
ing expenditure  of  fuel.  When  the 
deposit  of  stalactitic  matter  became 
excessive,  the  faggots  were  renewed, 
and  the  cords  cleaned  of  their  load  by 
a  few  blows  of  a  mallet. 

The  road  crosses  to  the  left  bank 
of  the  Doron,  some  way  above  its 
confluence  with  the  torrent  from  the 
Belleville  glen,  and  mounts  along  that 
bank,  in  full  view  of  the  Vanoise  ice 
fields,  and  the  Grand  Bee  de  Pralo- 
gnan,  to  (3  m. ) 

Brides  les  Bains  (570m.,  1,870  ft.), 
now  one  of  the  most  fashionable 
watering  places  in  Europe.  The 
mineral  springs  were  only  rediscovered 
after  having  long  been  buried,  in 
1 81 8,  by  an  inundation  of  the  Doron 
which  washed  away  the  earth  and 
rocks  by  which  they  were  obstructed. 
The  waters  are  alkaline,  a  modified 
form  of  those  at  Carlsbad,  and  effica- 
cious in  maladies  of  the  stomach. 
Brides  now  possesses  a  large  new 
Etablissement  Thermal,  and  good 
hotels,  and  is  more  and  more  fre- 
quented every  year.  It  is  prettily 
situated,  and  many  pleasant  excursions 
may  be  made  from  it,  for  which 
reference  should  be  made  to  the  de- 
tailed account  in  £  Joanne. '    A  moun- 


taineer will  prefer  to  escape  to  Pra- 
lognan, where  the  air  is  much  fresher 
and  keener. 

[Brides  stands  at  the  opening  of  the 
pretty  Combe  des  Alines,  up  which 
there  is  now  a  char  road  ;  it  has  been 
said  that  it  terminates  in  impassable 
glaciers,  an  expression  which,  as  has 
I  well  been  observed,  merely  means  that 
no  one  had  attempted  to  pass  them  ; 
but  this  reproach  has  been  removed 
for  the  last  twenty  years  at  least,  as 
was  shown  in  Rte.  F.  above.  3 

There  is  a  char  road  along  the  right 
bank  of  the  Doron  to  Bozel,  but  that 
which  winds  above  the  left  bank  is 
I  better  shaded  and  more  picturesque, 
!   the  Doron  being  crossed  just  before 
entering  (4  m. ) 

Bozel  (877  m.,  2,877  ft-)  This  is 
a  large  village  at  the  S.  foot  of  the 
Montjovet  (accessible  hence  in  4hrs. 
by  a  mule  path),  and  opposite  the 
rocky  pyramid  of  the  Dent  du  Villard, 
which  rises  between  the  Grande  Val 
on  the  W.  and  the  Doron  on  the  E. 
The  Grand  Bee  towers  up  finely  to- 
wards the  E.  (Pedestrians  may  vary- 
the  way  to  Pralognan  by  ascending 
the  Grande  Val  on  the  S. ,  and  cross- 
ing the  passes  N.  or  S.  of  the  Petit 
Mont  Blanc  (see  below),  or  may  reach 
Saut,  and  so  the  Combe  des  Allues, 
:  by  the  Col  de  Chanrouge  :  see  Rte.  F. ) 

Soon  after  quitting  Bozel  the  road 
l   up  the  Champagny  valley  (see  Rte. 
!   L)     mounts    towards  Champagny, 
;  while  that  to  Pralognan  descends  to- 
1   wards   the  Doron   and   attains  the 
\   village  of   Villard  (2  m. ),  standing 
amidst  beautiful  scenery  at  the  junc- 
tion of  the  Premon,  flowing  from  the 
Champagny  valley,  with  the  Doron. 
Above  the  junction  there  is  a  steep 
rocky  slope  up  which  the  carriage 
road     climbs    by    several  zigzags, 
through   a    fine    pine   forest,   to  a 
chapel  on  the  summit  of  this  steep 
ascent,  the  hamlet  of  Planay  being  a 
little  way  beyond  (3  m.  from  Villard). 

[The  Doron  itself  descends  on  the 
right  hand  through  a  splendid  gorge, 
in  a  succession  of  cascades,  those  of 
I  Ballandaz.    It  is  quite  worth  while 


ROUTE  H.    MOUTIERS  TARENTAISE  TO  PRALOGNAN  241 


for  a  pedestrian  to  follow  the  path 
through  this  gorge  to  the  cascades,  at 
the  bottom  of  a  deep  gorge,  a  path 
leading  up  thence  to  Planay,  which  is 
reached  in  about  f  hr.  from  Villard 
by  this  striking  route.  For  the  forest 
path  to  Planay,  in  the  Premou  glen, 
see  Rte.  L.J 

The  scenery  above  this  ascent  com- 
pletely changes  its  character.  The 
Doron  now  flows  through  a  nearly 
level  valley,  the  lower  slopes  of  which, 
covered  with  pine  forests,  are  domi- 
nated by  peaks  of  great  boldness  and 
variety  of  form.  This  is,  however, 
only  for  a  time,  as  after  passing  near 
the  chapel  of  N.  D.  des  JVei^es,  op- 
posite the  hamlet  of  Villeneuve,  the 
road  crosses  to  the  left  bank  of  the 
Doron,  and  mounts  by  zigzags  amidst 
splendid  forests  through  the  Mont- 
charvet  gorge,  the  summit  of  this 
second  step  being  marked  by  a  large 
cross  (2jm. )  The  road  is  thence 
carried  at  a  level  along  that  bank  of  the 
Doron,  and  some  scattered  houses  are 
passed,  as  well  as  some  bosses  of  rocks, 
rounded  by  the  passage  of  ancient 
glaciers,  till  a  sudden  turn  (1  m.) 
discloses  the  green  basin  of  Pralognan, 
at  the  further  end  of  which,  across  the 
Doron,  at  the  hamlet  of  Le  Barioz, 
are  the  inns,  church,  &c. 

Pralognan  (1,424  m.,  4,672  ft.)  is 
charmingly  placed  at  the  junction  of 
the  Gliere  torrent,  descending  from 
the  Col  de  la  Vanoise  (see next  Rte.), 
with  the  Doron,  descending  nearly 
due  N.  from  the  Col  de  Chaviere  (see 
last  Rte. )  The  basin  is  rather  shut 
in,  though  very  pretty,  and  the  Grande 
Casse  can  only  be  seen  by  a  stroll 
across  the  meadows  to  the  S.  On 
the  S.E.  rise  the  precipitous  cliffs  of 
the  Grand  March  et,  while  at  the 
head  of  the  Doron  valley  is  seen  a 
fine  snowy  cone,  the  E.  summit  (3,430 
m.,  11,254  ft.)  of  the  Aiguille  de 
Polset. 

Less  picturesque  than  Cogne,  and 
less  Alpine  in  appearance  than  Val 
d'Isere,  or  Bonneval,  its  chief  rivals 
in  the  Graians,  Pralognan  is  admir- 
ably situated  for  the  exploration  of 

I. 


j   the  central  mass  of  the  Tarentaise 
Alps,  or  the  Vanoise  group,  the  first 
accurate  knowledge  of  which  we  owe 
to  the  careful  explorations  of  Mr.  W. 
Mathews.     This  group  lies  between 
I   the  upper  Doron  valley  on  the  W., 
that  of  Premou  on  the  N.,  that  of 
j   Leisse  on  the  E.,  and  that  of  the  Arc 
on  the  S.    This  great  mass,  about  13. 
!   miles  in  length,  by  5  or  6  in  breadth, 
I   presents  on  every  side  bold  peaks, 
and  faces  of  rock,  while  it  everywhere 
rises  above   the  limit  of  perpetual 
snow,  save  in  the  depression  traversed 
by  the  mule  path  over  the  Col  de  la 
Vanoise  (see   next   Rte.)   from  the 
I   Doron  to  the  Leisse  valley.    N.  of 
that  depression  rises  the  highest  peak 
of  the  group,  the  Grande  Casse  (3,861 
1   m.,  12,668  ft.),  connected  by  a  jagged 
:   ridge  with  the  graceful  Grande  Motte 
(3,663  m.,   12,018  ft.)  on  the  E.5 
while  on  the  W.  the  deeply-cut  gap 
of  the  Col  de  la  Grande  Casse  sepa- 
rates the  monarch  from  a  group  of 
I   rocky  needles,  the  best   known  of 
which   is   the  Pointe  de   la  Gliere 
j   (3,386  m.,  11,109  ft.)     But  far  more 
j   important,  so  far  as  size  and  extent 
j   are  concerned,  is  the  vast  undulating 
I   glacier-plateau  S.  of  the  Col  de  la 
:   Vanoise,  which  is  known  generally  as 
the  Glaciers  de  la  Vanoise.    Its  cul- 
minating point  is  the  Dent  Parrachee 
(3,712  m.,  12,179  ft.  )j  at  its  S.  ex- 
tremity, which  is  there  balanced  by 
the  Roche  Chevriere,  3,282  m. ,  10,768 
ft.    (for  both  peaks,  see  last  Rte. ) 
Nearly  in  the  centre  is  a  huge  snow- 
;   covered  backbone,  running  N.  and 
j   S.,  and  rising  to  a  height  of  3,619 
;   m.  (11,874  ft.),  in  the  Dome  de  VAr- 
fient,    though    the   lower  Dome  de 
Chasseforet,    slightly   to   the  N.  E. , 
;   is   far  better    known.      This  great 
I   glacier  mass  sends  down  many  arms 
I   on   all   sides,    so  that   it   is  easily 
I   gained  by  many  routes,  while  its  pro- 
j  jecting  spurs  appear,  when  seen  from 
I   the  valleys  beneath  them,  to  be  con- 
I   spicuous  peaks. 

Besides  the  gorges  of  Ballandaz 
j  (mentioned  above),  the  chief  excur- 
i   sions   from    Pralognan   are   to  the 

R 


GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


Fraiche  waterfall,  reached  in  25  min. 
through  the  beautiful  forest  of  Creuset, 
and  strolls  up  towards  the  Col  de  la 
Vanoise  (the  Gliere  chalets  or  those 
of   Mont    Bochor    are    reached  by 
pleasant   walks),    or    the    Col  de 
Chaviere.    The   finest    among  the 
lower  view-points  near  Pralognan  are 
the  summits  in  the  range  on  the  W. 
of  the  village.    The  Petit  Mont  Blanc 
(2,685  m.,  8,809  ft.)  is  accessible  in 
3f  hrs.  either  on  mule  back  from  the 
depression  to  its  S.,  or  by  pedestrians 
from  that  on  its  N.  ;  from  the  latter 
Col  the  higher  Rocker   de  Plassas 
(2,865  m.,  9,400  ft.)  maybe  climbed 
in  4  hrs.   from  Pralognan.  Farther 
to  the  N.  in  the  same  range  are  the 
Dent  Portettaz,  2,634  m.,  8,642  ft. 
(4  hrs.),  and  the  Rocker  de  Villeneuve  \ 
(2J  hrs. )    Those  who  wish  to  obtain 
a  nearer  view  of  the  immense  Vanoise 
ice-fields  should  go  in  3  hrs.  to  the 
Col  de  la  Vanoise,  and  thence,  in 
2J  hrs.  more,  without  any  difficulty, 
ascend  the  snow-clad  Point e  de  la 
Rechasse  (3,223  m.,  10,575  ft.),  at 
their  N.  end  :  even  finer  is  the  view 
from  the  rather   higher   and  more 
distant  Pointe  du  Dard  (3,266  m., 
10,716   ft.)    But  incomparably  the 
best    point   whence  to  study  these 
great  ice-fields,  as  well  as  a  most 
extensive    and    magnificent  Alpine 
panorama,  is  the  Dome  de  Chasse- 
for^t  (3,597  m.,  11,802  ft.),  which 
rises   in   their   midst.      It   is  best 
attained   through   the   Nants  glen, 
opening  into  the  Doron  valley  at  the 
Prionx  chalets,  I  hr.  from  Pralognan 
oa  the  Col  de  Chaviere  track  ;  there 
is  a  rebuilt  Club  hut  f  hr.  above  the 
Nants  chalets,  but  it  is  not  really 
necessary,  as  the  edge  of  the  ice  can 
be  gained  in  4§  hrs.  from  Pralognan, 
and  thence  it  is  only  \\  hr.  or  less 
over  easy  snow  fields  to  the  Dome, 
which  in  many  respects,  minus,  how- 
ever, the  precipice  on  the  Italian  side, 
resembles  the  Cima   di  Jazzi,  near 
Zermatt.     It  is  easy  to  descend  in 
2-3  hrs.  by  the  great  glacier  to  the 
Col  de  la  Vanoise  path  past  the  Dard 
and  the  Rechasse,  or  to  Entre  Deux 


Eaux  by  the  Pelvoz  glacier,  or  to 
Termignon  by  that  of  Arpont. 

The  climber  may  be  tempted  by  the 
rocky  needle  of  the  Poiiite  de  la  Gliere ; 
3,386  m.,  11,109  ft-  (Si  ni"S.  by  way 
of  the  Col  de  la  Vanoise  track),  or  by 
the  Grand  Bee  de  Pralognan  (3,420m., 
11,221  ft.),  the  ascent  of  which  is 
hard  from  this  side,  being  effected  by 
a  rocky  rib  running  down  towards 
the  Pointe  de  la  Vuzelle,  though  it  is 
perfectly  simple  and  easily  made  in 
4J  hrs.  from  the  hamlet  of  Le  Bois,  in 
the  Premou  glen.    The  snowy  E. 
point  of  the  Polset  (3,430  m.,  11,254 
ft. )  is  6J  hrs.  distant  from  Pralognan, 
and  is  best  taken   on  the  way  to 
Modane  (see  Rte.  F).    But  no  active 
mountaineer  who  visits  Pralognan  will 
be  satisfied  with  his  sojourn  unless  he 
has  made  the  ascent  of  the  monarch  of 
the  group,  the  Grande  Casse  (3,861 
m.,  1 2,668ft.),  first  conquered  by  Mr. 
W.  Mathews  in    i860.    The  route 
then  taken  from  the  Col  de  la  Vanoise 
(3  hrs.  distant)  is  still  the  best  and 
shortest,  but  a  good  walker  need  not 
make  use  of  the  Vanoise  Club  hut, 
a  few  minutes  W.  of  the  Col.  The 
foot  of  the  glacier  flowing  down  from 
between  the  two  summits  in  a  S.W. 
direction  is  gained  without  trouble, 
and  is  mounted  till  the  base  of  the 
great  wall,  which  is  simply  the  upper 
portion  of  the  glacier,  is  attained. 
It  is  generally  necessary  to  cut  many 
steps  up  this,  but  by  taking  to  the 
rocks  on  the  left  hand  this  labDur 
may  be  avoided.    Above,  it  is  easy 
to  bear  right  to  the  lower  summit 
(3,806  m.,   12,487  ft.),  the  higher 
lying  to  the  left,  and  being  approached 
by  a  narrow  ridge,  which  is  sometimes 
troublesome  when  loaded  with  snow. 
The  summit  is  a  snowy  point,  and 
may  be  reached  in  4-5  hrs.  from  the 
Col   under  ordinary  circumstances. 
The  magnificent  view  takes  in  every- 
thing between  Monte  Rosa  and  the 
great  Dauphine  peaks.  It  is  a  pleasant 
expedition  to  climb  the  peak  on  the 
way  over  the  Col  from  Pralognan  to 
Entre    Deux    Eaux.    The  Grande 
I  Casse  has  also  been  attained  from  the 


ROUTE  I.    PRALOGNAN  TO  TERMIGNON 


243 


Col  of  that  name  on  its  N.W.  in 
4  hrs.  by  rotten  rocks,  and  a  very 
steep  ice  and  snow  slope,  as  well  as 
from  the  S.  E. ,  the  latter  route  being 
only  possible  when  there  is  no  snow 
on  the  rocks,  while  it  is  much  exposed 
throughout  to  falling  stones. 

A  glance  at  the  map  will  show  that 
between  Pralognan  and  the  head  of 
the  Isere  valley  there  are  the  Leisse 
and  Premou  glens,  so  that  a  traveller 
bound  from  Pralognan  to  Tignes  or 
Val  dTsere  must  cross  two  passes,  the 
day  being  rather  a  long  and  laborious 
one— either  the  Cols  de  la  Grande 
Casse  and  du  Palet,  or  the  Cols  de  la 
Vanoise  and  de  la  Leisse.  By  far 
the  best  route  for  a  mountaineer  who 
can  spare  two  days  is  to  climb  the 
Grande  Casse  on  the  way  over  the 
Col  de  la  Vanoise  to  Entre  Deux 
Eaux,  and  next  day  to  take  the 
Grande  Motte  on  his  way  over  the 
Col  de  la  Leisse  (Rte.  K)  to  Tignes 
or  Val  dTsere. 


Route  I. 

PRALOGNAN  TO  TERMIGNON  BY  THE 
COL  DE  LA  VANOISE. 

This  is  a  very  interesting  route, 
leading  through  the  centre  of  the 
Tarentaise  Alps,  while  there  is  a  good 
mule  path  (becoming,  indeed,  a  char 
road  at  its  further  end)  all  the  way 
( 8  hrs. )  In  fine  weather  a  guide  is  not 
needed,  though  near  the  summit  of  the 
pass  the  path  is  not  clearly  marked. 

The  mule  path  begins  to  climb  by 
zigzags  at  once  after  quitting  Pra- 
lognan, and  passes  through  a  noble 
forest  before  crossing  to  the  left  bank 
of  the  torrent  in  order  to  gain  the 
Gliere  chalets  (ij-  hr. )  The  rare 
D  racocephalum  Ruyschiana  has  been 
found  on  the  way  up  from  Pra- 
lognan. Above  the  chalets  the 
scenery  becomes  wilder  and  more 
imposing,  and  the  steep  Aiguille  de 


la  Vanoise  (2,812  m. ,  9,226  ft.)  is 
seen  in  the  direction  of  the  pass. 
The  regular  track,  marked  by  poles, 
traverses  a  marshy  plain,  on  the  N. 
side  of  the  Aiguille,  and  then  skirts 
along  the  Lac  Long  before  gaining 
the  summit  of  the  pass,  2,527  m., 
8,291  ft.  (3  hrs.  from  Pralognan.) 
But  it  is  also  possible  to  pass  on  its 
S.  side,  and  this  is  the  shortest  way 
(2§  hrs.)  from  Pralognan  to  the  Va- 
noise Club  hut  (2,486  m.,  8,157  ft. — 
a  small  Cantine  was  opened  here  in 
^97  x>,  i  nr-  S.W.  of  the  main  track. 

[Hence  the  Col  de  la  Grande  Casse 
(3,100  m.,  10,171  ft.),  a  deep  cleft 
at  the  N.W.  foot  of  the  Grande 
Casse,  can  be  reached  in  2 \  hrs.  by 
the  easy  Grande  Casse  glacier  ;  if 

I  coming  from  Pralognan  it  is  not  ne- 
cessary to  go  quite  to  the  top  of  the 
Col  de  la  Vanoise.    The  descent  on 

I  the  other  side  over  the  Lepena  glacier 
is  exposed  to  avalanches  from  the 
Grande  Casse,  so  that  it  is  best  to 
keep  well  out  into  the  glacier,  itself 
merely  a  narrow  shelf.  The  Rosolin 
glacier  is  then  descended,  the  ice  being 

{  cleared  on  its  left  bank  in  about  I  hr. 
from  the  Col.  Thence  it  is  2J-3  hrs. 
down  to  Le  Bois,  in  the  Premou 
valley,  or  2\  hrs.  to  the  Col  du  Palet, 
if  bound  to  Tignes.] 

The  way  from  the  Col  de  la  Vanoise 
to  Entre  Deux  Eaux  lies  for  a  long 
distance  in  a  S.E.  direction  along  a 
broad  level  trench  which  seems  to 
have  been  cut  through  the  steep  and 
rugged  peaks  on  either  side.  Several 
small  tarns  are  passed  on  this  plateau, 
the  passage  of  which  in  bad  weather 
is  much  feared  by  the  natives,  on 
account  of  the  furious  blasts  (hence 
called  ( la  Vanoise  ' )  which  sweep  it 
when  the  wind  sets  from  the  N.W. 
In  about  1  hr.  from  the  Col  the 
path,  which  is  throughout  marked  by 
poles,  reaches  the  verge  of  a  steep 
descent,  overlooking  the  junction  of 
the  stream  from  the  Col  with  the 
Leisse. 

[Here,  or  better  some  way  before,  a 
party  bound  direct  for  the  Col  de  la 
Leisse  should  leave  the  path  in  order 
R  2 


244      GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


to  traverse  by  great  stony  slopes 
round  the  foot  of  the  Grande  Casse  to 
the  Leisse  glen,  gained  near  a  green 
hillock  in  about  1  hr."j 

The  path  winds  steeply  down  in  a 
series  of  stony  zigzags,  keeping  on  the 
right  bank  of  the  torrent,  which  falls 
over  the  rocks  in  cascades.  It  takes 
J  hr.  to  reach  the  bridge  over  the 
Leisse,  and  a  little  way  beyond  are 
the  chalets  of  Entre  Deux  Eaux, 
2,161  m.,  7,090  ft.  (if  hr.  from  the 
Col.)  Rather  above  the  chalets  on 
the  path  is  a  little  mountain  inn, 
sometimes  closed,  but  when  open 
affording  very  convenient  night  quar- 
ters. 

£For  the  routes  hence  to  Tignes, 
Val  d'Isere,  Bessans,  and  Bonneval, 
through  the  Leisse  and  Rocheure 
valleys,  and  for  the  ascent  of  the  peaks 
therein,  see  next  Rte.J 

From  Entre  Deux  Eaux  the  Leisse 
torrent  pursues  a  nearly  straight 
course  to  Termignon,  where  it  falls 
into  the  Arc,  and  the  natural  direction 
of  the  path  would  be  along  either 
bank  of  the  stream.  It  is  possible  to 
make  a  way  along  the  pastures  above 
the  precipices  which  wall  in  that 
stream  on  the  W.,  but  this  is  a  great 
detour,  while  the  stream  itself  flows 
through  a  narrow,  and  practically 
impassable,  defile.  Hence  the  track 
from  Entre  Deux  Eaux,  after  crossing 
the  torrent  from  the  Rocheure  valley, 
mounts  by  some  zigzags  to  a  remark- 
able plateau  ( 1  hr. )  This  trough-like 
depression  is  parallel  to  the  Leisse 
gorge,  from  which  it  is  separated  by 
a  rocky  ridge,  and  though  less  elevated 
than  that  on  the  Col  de  la  Vanoise 
is  nearly  as  long.  It  is  along  this 
plateau  that  the  mule  path  is  carried. 
To  the  left  on  a  rock  is  the  chapel  of 
St.  Bartholomew,  beyond  which  the 
plateau  (called  the  Plan  du  Lac,  from 
several  tarns)  continues,  at  first 
nearly  level,  then  descending  slightly, 
till  at  its  S.  end  a  steep  descent  leads 
down  the  bare  mountain-side  to  the 
chalets  of  Chavieres. 

£A  steep  foot  path  winds  hence 
round  the  steep  mountain-side  in  a 


S.E.  direction,  and  descends  direct 
to  Lanslebourg ;  but,  though  shorter  in 
point  of  distance,  there  is  said  to  be 
no  saving  in  time.  3 

The  scenery  during  the  descent 
from  Chavieres  to  Termignon  is  very 
singular  and  striking.  Immediately 
below  the  chalets  the  gorge  of  Com- 
barenel  descends  very  steeply.  The 
path  is  carried  down  above  the  right 
side  of  this  gorge,  in  long  zigzags 
through  a  forest  of  fir  and  pine, 
dimly  lighted,  even  at  midday,  amid 
the  rocks  that  enclose  it.  A  peculi- 
arity of  the  rock  in  this  neighbour- 
hood is  to  form  vertical  columns  or 
obelisks,  which  stand  out  abruptly 
from  the  mountain  slope.  Several  of 
these  are  seen  near  Chavieres,  but 
the  most  remarkable  (called  Rocs  du 
Pelvaux)  are  close  to  the  road  on  the 
descent  through  the  forest.  Through- 
out the  descent  the  rocks  which  rise 
on  either  side  of  the  gorge  present 
bold  and  fantastic  forms,  and  a  fine 
background  gradually  opens  as  the 
path  approaches  the  level  of  the 
Leisse,  reached  after  passing  the 
hamlet  of  Villard  (here  begins  the 
char  road),  and  descending  a  final 
stony  slope.  The  great  gorge  through 
which  that  stream  descends  from 
Entre  Deux  Eaux  here  comes  well 
into  view,  while  on  the  opposite  side 
of  the  valley  another  torrent,  the 
Grand  Puy,  issuing  from  the  Combe 
cPEnfer,  forms  a  remarkable  series  of 
cascades.  A  short  walk  along  the 
nearly  level  valley  (a  short  cut  on  the 
left  leads  to  the  high  road  above  the 
village)  brings  the  traveller  to  the 
large  village  of  Termignon  (3J  hrs. 
from  Entre  Deux  Eaux).  Termignon 
is  on  the  Mont  Cenis  road,  5  m. 
below  Lanslebourg  (§  7.  Rte.  B). 


ROUTE  K.    ENTRE  DEUX  EAUX  TO  TIGNES 


Route  K. 

ENTRE  DEUX  EAUX  TO  TIGNES,  VAL 
D'ISERE,   BESSANS,  OR  BONNEVAL. 

The  chalets  of  Entre  Deux  Eaux, 
mentioned  in  the  last  Rte.,  stand  at 
the  W.  foot  of  a  considerable  moun- 
tain ridge,  which  rises  at  its  E.  end 
in  its  highest  point,  the  Pointe  de  la 
Sana  (3,450  m.,  1 1,319  ft. ),  just  on 
the  watershed  between  the  Arc  and 
the  Isere.  This  ridge  separates  the 
upper  valley  of  the  Leisse,  on  the  N. , 
from  the  valley  of  Rocheure,  on  the 
S. ,  the  latter  being  the  most  important 
affluent  of  the  former.  Through  the 
former  valley  the  Col  de  la  Leisse 
leads  in  6  hrs.  to  Tignes,  and  it  is 
easy  from  the  pass  to  gain  Val  dTsere 
by  bearing  to  the  E.  The  Rocheure 
valley  gives  access  to  the  Col  de  la 
Rocheure,  or  Quecees  de  lignes,  by 
which  Val  dTsere  is  gained  in  6  hrs. 
from  Entre  Deux  Eaux,  while  by 
bearing  to  the  E.  from  the  head  of 
the  glen  it  is  easy  to  reach  Bessans  or 
Bonne  val. 

1.  By  the  Col  de  la  Leisse. — After 
retracing  his  steps  along  the  path  to 
the  Col  de  la  Vanoise  from  Entre  Deux 
Eaux  to  the  bridge  over  the  Leisse, 
the  traveller  turns  N.  E.  along  the  left 
bank  of  that  stream,  and  enters  the 
Vallon  de  la  Leisse,  one  of  the  wildest 
in  the  Alps.  The  ground  is  rough,  but 
there  is  no  other  difficulty  in  advancing. 
Along  the  floor  of  the  valley  itself, 
and  the  slopes  on  the  N.  side,  little 
is  seen  but  the  traces  of  ruin  and 
desolation— everywhere  broken  frag- 
ments, from  the  size  of  fine  gravel  to 
that  of  huge  blocks  ;  and  even  the 
snow  which  lies  in  hollows,  and  in 
several  places  bridges  over  the  stream, 
is  soon  discoloured  by  the  new  rub- 
bish that  is  constantly  discharged 
from  the  heights  above.  Although 
everything  looks  bare  and  inanimate 
there  is  more  vegetation,  especially 
on  the  S.  slope,  than  might  at  first 
sight  be  expected,  and  the  botanist 


may  detect  several  scarce  plants  grow- 
ing in  the  midst  of  the  debris,  amongst 
which  A lopecurus  Gerardi  is  abundant. 
One  object  alone  presents  an  agree- 
able contrast  to  the  dreary  aspect  of 
the  glen.  This  is  the  peak  of  the 
Grande  Motte  {3,663  m.,  12,018  ft.), 
which  rises  in  a  beautiful  snow  pyra- 
mid S.W.  of  the  Col. 

£This  summit,  which  is  very  easy 
of  access,  and  commands  a  superb 
view,  was  first  reached  in  1864  ky 
Messrs.  Blanford,  Cuthbert,  and 
Rowsell.  If  coming  from  Entre 
Deux  Eaux  it  is  not  necessary  to  go 
to  the  top  of  the  Col,  as  it  is  easy  to 
reach  the  glacier  on  the  W.  direct  by 
a  wall  of  rocks.  2^  hrs.  are  required 
for  the  ascent  from  near  the  Col, 
whether  by  the  E.  or  N.  ridge  at  the 
end,  and  there  is  a  direct  descent  to 
the  N.  by  the  Grande  Motte  glacier 
to  the  Lac  de  Tignes.  If  the  snow  is 
likely  to  be  in  a  bad  state,  it  is  best 
to  mount  from  the  Leisse  valley  due 
N.  by  the  easy,  though  rather  steep, 
rocks  of  the  S.  buttress  to  a  great 
cairn  on  the  S.W.  summit  (3,560  m., 
11,680  ft.),  whence  20  min.  up  easy 
snow  slopes  lead  to  the  top  in  about 
3-4  hrs.  from  the  level  of  the  glen. 

Near  the  head  of  the  valley,  and 
before  reaching  the  pass,  there  is  no 
difficulty  in  crossing  the  ridge  S.  of 
the  Rochers  de  Genepy  (3,157  m., 
10,358  ft. ),  easily  reached  hence,  to  the 
Charvet  glen,  and  so  descending  to  Val 
dTsere  in  2  hrs.  But  a  pleasanter  way 
of  gaining  that  village  (2  hrs.)  is  to 
cross  from  the  other  side  of  the  Col 
de  la  Leisse  by  the  Col  de  Fresse 
(2,589  m. ,  8,494  and  pass  over 
the  splendid  Thouviere  pastures.  3 

A  final  steepish  ascent  from  the 
lower  valley  over  stones  leads  to  the 
Col  de  la  Leisse  (2,780  m.,  9,121  ft.), 
3|-hrs.  from  Entre  Deux  Eaux,  marked 
by  a  pole  (some  travellers  have  found 
an  iron  cross  fixed  to  the  summit  of  a 
boss  of  rock). 

A  short  descent  leads  down  to  a 
little  plateau,  whence  the  traveller, 
leaving  on  the  right  the  way  to  the  Col 
i   de  Fresse,  must  take  care  to  keep  to 


246       GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


the  right  of  the  mound  called  Petite 
Baime,  high  up  the  slopes  above  the 
right  bank  of  the  E.  arm  of  the  Paquier 
stream,  descending  from  the  Col,  as 
the  direct  way  along  the  W.  arm 
leads  to  a  vertical  precipice,  over 
which  the  torrent  leaps  in  a  fine 
waterfall.  A  bad  stony  path  brings 
the  traveller  to  the  green  meadows  at 
the  S.  end  of  the  beautiful  Lake  of 
Tignes.  A  track  along  either  shore 
to  its  N.  end  is  succeeded  by  a  rough, 
stony  mule  path,  by  which  Tignes  is 
reached  in  2^  hrs.  or  less  from  the 
Col. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  la  Kochenre. — 

From  Entre  Deux  Eaux  the  mule 
path  winds  round  the  hill-side  towards 
the  E.,  in  order  to  enter  the  rich  pas- 
tare  valley  of  Rocheure,  and  passes 
(gradually  becoming  a  foot  path)  the 
chapel  of  St.  Jacques  and  the  Fon- 
taine Gaillarde,  some  way  above 
which  the  ascent  becomes  steeper. 
The  Col  itself  (2,940  m.,  9,646  ft.) 
is  a  debris-covered  ridge  slightly  to 
the  N.E.,  and  is  attained  in  3 J  hrs. 
from  Entre  Deux  Eaux.  It  is  often 
traversed  by  the  country  people,  as  it 
is  easier  than  the  Col  de  la  Leisse, 
but  is  scarcely  known  to  travellers  as 
yet. 

[Before  reaching  the  pass  a  party 
wishing  to  make  the  ascent  of  the 
Pointe  de  la  Sana  (3.450  m., 
1 1 , 3 1 9  ft. ),  on  the  W. ,  should  bear  up 
to  the  glacier  on  its  S.  E. ,  whence  the 
summit  is  easily  gained  by  the  E. 
ridge  in  4J  hrs.  from  Entre  Deux 
Eaux  ;  probably  \\  hr.  extra  would 
suffice  for  this  detour  for  a  party 
crossing  the  pass.  There  is,  perhaps, 
no  more  advantageous  point  whence 
to  study  the  whole  of  the  Western 
Graians,  and  much  else  besides. 

A  party  bound  from  the  head  of 
the  Rocheure  glen  to  Bessans  or 
Bonneval  has  a  choice  between 
various  routes.  By  keeping  S.E. 
during  the  last  ascent  to  the  Col,  it  is 
easy  to  cross  the  Col  du  Pisset,  S.E. 
of  the  Pointe  du  Pisset,  whence  a 
traverse  across  the  Fours  glacier  leads 
to  the  Col  des  Roches and  so  to  Bonne- 


val direct  in  little  over  3  hrs.  More 
to  the  S.  the  Col  de  Mean  Martin, 
N.,  and  the  Col  de  la  Roche  Blanche, 
S.  of  the  Aiguille  de  Mean  Martin 
(3,288  m.,  10,788  ft.),  lead  over 
without  difficulty  to  the  head  of  '  Le 
Vallon,'  where  these  routes  are  joined 
by  the  way  over  the  Col  de  Vefrette, 
connecting  the  Vefrette  with  the 
Mean  Martin  glacier,  either  Bessans 
or  Bonneval  being  reached  in  under 
4  hrs.  by  any  of  these  routes.  From 
the  two  former  passes  the  Aiguille  de 
Mean  Martin  is  accessible  in  \  hr. ,  or 
less,  while  from  the  Col  de  Vefrette 
the  highest  and  westernmost  of  the 
three  Point  es  du  C hate  lard  ( 3 , 503  m . , 
11,493  ft.)  is  attained  in  I-J  hr.  by 
passing  over  the  two  lower  summits, 
from  the  central  one  of  which  Bessans 
is  well  seen.  J 

A  short  glacier  on  the  N.  side  of 
the  pass  is  crossed,  and  then  it  is  best 
not  to  follow  the  path  along  the  left 
bank  of  the  Charvet  torrent  marked 
on  the  French  map,  but  to  bear  by  a 
path  high  up  to  the  right,  only  cross- 
ing the  stream  lower  down  near  its 
junction  with  a  western  tributary. 
A  gentle  descent  by  a  good  mule  path 
then  leads  down  the  Calabourdane 
glen,  passing  opposite  Le  Manchet, 
and  so  enables  the  traveller  to  reach 
Val  dTsere  in  2§  hrs.  or  less  from 
the  Col. 


Route  L. 

TIGNES  TO  MOUTIERS  OR  BOURG  ST. 
MAURICE  BY  THE  COL  DU  PALET. 
ASCENT  OF  THE  MONT  POURRI. 

In  its  downward  course  from 
Tignes  to  Moutiers  the  Isere  makes 
a  long  detour  to  the  N.,  flowing 
round  the  N.  base  of  the  great  ridge, 
of  which  the  highest  summit  is  the 
Mont  Pourri.  A  more  direct  course 
from  Tignes  to  the  Isere  valley  be- 
tween   Moutiers    and    Bourg  St. 


ROUTE  L.    TIGNES  TO  MOUTIERS 


247 


Maurice  lies  over  the  Col  du  Palet ,  a 
comparatively  low  and  easy  pass, 
whence  the  descent  may  be  made 
either  W.  through  the  Val  de  Premou 
to  Champagny  and  Moutiers,  or 
N.N.W.  to  the  Isere  valley  between 
Bourg  St.  Maurice  and  Aime. 

A  brawling  stream  descending 
N.E.  to  Tignes  flows  from  the  Lac 
de  Tignes  (2,088  m.,  6,851  ft.),  a 
rather  large  Alpine  lake  (excellent 
trout),  about  1  m.  in  circumference, 
lying  in  a  mountain  hollow  in  a  very 
beautiful  position,  at  the  foot  of  the 
Grande  Motte,  which,  like  the  Sas- 
siere  opposite,  is  mirrored  in  its  calm 
waters.  The  chalets  near  its  N.  end 
may  be  reached  by  a  rather  stony 
mule  path  in  about  \\  hr.  from 
Tignes.  The  path  to  the  Col  du 
Palet  (2,658m.,  8,721  ft.)  mounts 
first  S.,  then  due  W.,  from  the  lake, 
and  leads  without  difficulty  up  stony 
grass  slopes  in  about  i\  hr.  to  the 
top. 

[S.  of  a  grand  pyramid  of  rock 
rising  S.  of  the  Col  Mr.  Nichols  in 
1865  crossed  a  small  glacier,  and 
made  a  new  and  direct  pass,  the  Col 
de  Plant  rin,  to  the  Premou  glen.  3 

The  Col  du  Palet  leads  to  a  small 
undulating  plateau,  which  descends 
on  the  one  hand  S.W.  to  the  Val  de 
Premou,  and  on  the  other  N.W.  to 
the  Val  Peisey,  so  that  when  clouds 
lie  low  it  is  not  easy  to  preserve  the 
right  direction. 

1.  To  reach  Moatiers  it  is  neces- 
sary to  bear  S.W.,  high  above  the 
little  Lac  de  Gratelo,  and  to  ascend 
for  a  few  minutes  to  the  Croix  des 
Fretes  (2,726  m.,  8,944  ft.),  which  is 
the  culminating  point  of  the  pass  to 
the  Premou  glen.  Gently  inclined 
and  stony  grass  slopes  on  the  N. 
side  of  that  glen  are  succeeded  by 
some  mountain  tarns  and  steeper  grass 
slopes,  beyond  which  the  considerable 
Lac  de  la  Plagne  is  seen  below,  near 
the  chalets  of  that  name. 

[To  the  S.E.  is  the  route  to  the 
Col  de  la  Grande  Casse,  Rte.  I.] 

Further  on  the  path  descends  by 
steep  zigzags,  and  at  the  hamlet  of 


Laisonnay  (where  falls  in  the  track 
from  the  Col  du  Plan  Sery,  leading 
over  in  hrs.  from  the  Plagne  lake, 
in  the  Peisey  glen)  crosses  to  the  left 
bank,  but  recrosses  before  reaching 
the  village  of  Le  Bois  or  Champagny - 
le-Haut  (2  J  hrs.  from  the  Col).  On 
the  way  down,  as  well  as  from  this 
village,  very  fine  views  of  the  Grande 
Casse  and  of  the  Grande  Motte  are 
gained. 

[To  the  S.  of  this  village  rises  the 
Grand  Bee  de  Pralognan  (3,420  m., 
11,221  ft.),  which  may  be  attained 
thence  in  4f  hrs.  without  any  diffi- 
culty by  way  of  the  Becca  Motta 
glacier.  To  the  N.  is  the  So?nmet  de 
Bellecote  (3,421  m. ,  11,224  ft-  )>  which 
commands  an  even  finer  view  ;  it  may 
be  climbed  in  4  J- 5  hrs.  by  way  of 
the  path  towards  the  Col  de  Frette 
(2,504  m.,  8,216  ft. )— 5  hrs.  by  many 
zigzags  on  both  sides  to  the  village  of 
Peisey — and  the  Thiaupe  glacier. 
Direct  but  steep  and  wearisome  de- 
scents may  be  effected  to  the  N.  and 
to  the  E.J 

From  Le  Bois  a  char  road,  becom- 
ing more  and  more  picturesque,  leads 
down  in  f  hr.  (3 J  m. )  through  a  gorge 
to  the  considerable  village  of  Cham- 
pagny-le-Bas,  built  on  a  terrace  above 
the  confluence  of  the  Premou  torrent 
with  the  Doron.  It  lies  in  the  midst 
of  very  agreeable  scenery,  while  the 
women  here  have  preserved  the 
national  costume  better  than  in  most 
parts  of  the  Tarentaise.  [Hence 
there  is  a  mule  track  over  to  Macot, 
Rte.  A.J 

[On  the  way  the  hamlet  of  Planay 
is  passed,  whence  a  delightful  walk 
through  the  magnificent  Foret  Noire 
round  the  W.  base  of  the  Grand  Bee 
leads  the  traveller  to  the  high  road  to 
Pralognan,  just  above  the  great  zig- 
zags ;  2>h  hrs-  suffice  from  Le  Bois  to 
Pralognan  by  this  charming  route.] 

}  hr.  (3  m. )  beyond  Champagny 
by  a  steep  road  is  the  large  village  of 
Bozel  (on  the  way  from  Moutiers  to 
Pralognan),  and  thence  8  m.  more 
along  the  high  road  described  in  Rte. 
H  bring  the  traveller  to  Moutiers. 


248       GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


2.  If  bound  for  the  Val  de  Peisey 

the  traveller  commences  the  descent 
at  once  from  the  Col  du  Palet,  turn- 
ing due  N. ,  and  passing  along  the  W. 
shore  of  the  Lac  de  Gratelo.  In  rather 
more  than  1  hr.  he  reaches  the  chalets 
of  Flagtie,  N.  of  the  pretty  lake  of 
that  name. 

[On  the  way  the  Palet  track  is 
joined  by  that  from  the  Col  de  la 
Tourne  (2,460  m.,  8,071  ft.),  which 
having  mounted  N.W.  from  the  Lac 
deTignes  descends  to  Plagne  (j|  hrs. 
from  Tignes)  through  a  striking  and 
very  narrow  corridor  or  gorge,  which 
expands  into  a  great  hollow  shut  in 
by  a  series  of  bold  rock  needles  of  a 
reddish  hue.  At  the  Plagne  huts 
falls  in  the  way  from  Tignes  past  the 
Boisses  or  Marais  chalets  over  the 
Col  de  la  Sachette  (2,729  m. ,  8,954  ft. ) 
— 4  hrs.  from  Tignes  to  the  Plagne 
huts.  J  hr.  below  them,  at  the  edge 
of  a  steep  descent,  it  is  possible  to 
climb  up  to  the  X.  towards  a  fine 
"waterfall,  and  then  to  traverse  many 
stony  slopes  to  the  Sevoliere  chalets, 
I-J  hr.,  and  thence  in  J  hr.  to  cross  a 
grassy  shoulder  to  those  of  Entre 
Deux  Nants,  both  mentioned  below 
in  connection  with  the  Mont  Pourri.  3 
The  head  of  the  Val  de  Peisey  is 
wild  and  solitary,  enclosed  between 
the  lofty  range  of  the  Mont  Pourri  on 
the  N.j  and  that  on  the  S.,  of  which 
the  highest  summit  is  the  glacier-clad 
Sommet  de  Bellecote  (see  under  1). 
Fine  views  are  gained  of  the  Grande 
Motte,  and  of  the  Mont  Pourri  high  up 
on  the  right,  above  precipices  seamed 
by  many  pretty  waterfalls.  About 
1  hr.  further  (2J  hrs.  from  the  Col) 
the  traveller  reaches  the  now  aban- 
doned buildings  connected  with  the 
mines  of  Peisey,  which,  as  at  the 
neighbouring  mines  of  Macot,  contain 
an  argentiferous  sulphide  of  lead.. 
They  are  beautifully  situated  in  a 
fertile  basin.  The  mule  track  de- 
scends along  the  right  bank  to  Le 
Moulin  (opposite  the  glen  leading  up 
to  the  Col  de  Frette  :  see  under  1), 
where  a  char  road  commences.  A 
few  minutes  beyond  (J  hr.  from  the 


mines)  is  the  village  of  Peisey,  above 
the  stream,  and  in  less  than  I  hr. 
more  (4  m. )  the  traveller  reaches  the 
village  of  Landry.  A  road  leads 
across  the  Isere  to  the  high  road, 
about  half-way  between  Aime  and 
Bourg  St.  Maurice,  but  there  is  a 
shorter  one  along  the  left  bank  of  the 
Isere,  by  which  Bourg  St.  Maurice 
is    gained  in   \\  hr.   (5    m. )  from 

I  Landry. 

Ascent  of  the  Mont  Pourri.  — The 

;  Mont  Pourri  (3,788  m.,  12,428  ft.), 
formerly  called  the  Chaffe  Quoirre  and 
the  Mont  Thtiria,  is  the  noble  peak 
which   is  so   conspicuous  from  the 

:  W.  side  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard, 
from  the  Col  du  Bonhomme,  and 
throughout  a  considerable  portion  of 
the  upper  valley  of  the  Isere.  Rising 
boldly,  as  it  does,  to  a  height  of  9,000 

'  to  10,000  ft.  above  the  Isere,  there 
are  few  peaks  in  the  Alps  which  pre- 
sent a  more  imposing  aspect.  It  is 
formed  of  a  ridge,  8  to  10  m.  long, 
and  rising  between  the  Isere  and  the 
Yal  de  Peisey,  which  drain  its  E. 
and  W,  flanks  respectively.     It  con- 

;  sists  of  a  central  and  highest  peak, 
flanked  en  the  N.  by  the  summit  now 
known  as  the  Mont  Thuria  (3,615  m. , 
11,861  ft.),  and  on  the  S.  by  the 
Dome  de  la  Sache  (3,611  m.,  11,848 
ft. )  The  latter  summit  was  reached 
in  1 86 1  by  Messrs.  W.  Mathews  and 
Jacomb,  but  the  highest  peak  rises 
about  2  m.  to  the  N.N.W.,  and  the 
ridge  between  the  two  was  not  tra- 
versed till  1880  by  M.  Rochat.  (For 
this  route  see  Rte.  B.  under  Tignes, 
and  for  the  history  of  the  Pourri 
generally  consult  M.  Paillon's  mono- 

!   graph   in   vol.    i.    of    the    '  Revue 

:   Alpine.*)    At  the  suggestion  of  Mr. 

;   Mathews,  one  of  his  guides,  Michel 

!  Croz,  of  Chamonix,  attempted  the 
ascent,  and  on  Oct.  4,  1861,  suc- 
ceeded in  making  the  first  ascent 
of  the  peak,  quite  alone.  In  1862 
Messrs.  Mathews  and  Bonney  effected 
the  second  ascent  by  the  same  route. 
The  party  started  from  the  chalets  of 

I   Entre  Deux  Nants  (2^  hrs.  above  the 

I   village  of  Peisey),  and   in   2  hrs. 


ROUTE  L.    ASCENT  OF  THE  MONT  POURRI  249 


40  min.  gained  the  Col  dti  Pourri 
(2,937  m. ,  9,636  ft.),  leading  into  the 
Thuria  glen,  opposite  La  Thuille  de 
Ste.  Foy.  They  then  passed  along 
the  N.E.  side  of  the  ridge  extending 
from  the  Col  towards  the  Mont 
Thuria,  keeping  high  up  over  snow 
slopes  on  the  upper  shelf  of  the 
TJiuria  glacier,  and  having  climbed  a 
steep  snow  wall  regained  the  same 
ridge  at  a  much  higher  point,  just  at 
the  N.W.  foot  of  Mont  Thuria,  there 
being  here  two  neighbouring  depres- 
sions, the  Col  des  Roches  and  the  Col 
de  Thuria.  Here  they  overlooked 
the  immense  snowy  amphitheatre 
formed  by  the  Roches  glacier,  above 
the  S.E.  corner  of  which  rises  the 
highest  summit  of  the  mountain,  a 
great  rocky  spur  being  thrown  out 
towards  the  S.W.  on  the  S.  side  of 
that  glacier.  Descending  to  this 
amphitheatre  the  party  circled  round 
its  head,  climbed  by  steep  snow 
slopes  to  the  crest  of  the  upper  part 
of  this  great  S.W.  spur,  and  so 
attained  the  culminating  point  of  the 
Pourri.  From  the  Col  du  Pourri 
3  his.  40  min.  had  been  employed. 
It  was  ascertained  that  it  is  the 
second  highest  peak  in  the  Western 
Graians,  and  the  magnificent  view  of 
the  Western  Alps  was  carefully  studied. 

[Returning  to  the  Col  du  Pourri, 
Mr.  Mathews,  with  J.  B.  Croz, 
scrambled  down  a  steep  ravine  by 
the  side  of  a  series  of  glacier  seracs, 
and  bearing  well  to  the  left  descended 
over  the  Thuria  alp  to  the  village  of 
Villaroger,  opposite  Ste.  Foy.  Mr. 
Bonney,  with  M.  Croz,  descended 
from  the  Col  to  the  N.  by  the  Pisse- 
vieille  glen,  avoiding  a  range  of  steep 
precipices  by  taking  a  path  to  the  left 
which  wound  down  the  steep  face  of 
the  great  buttress  of  the  Pourri  above 
Bourg  St.  Maurice,  thus  gaining  that 
town  direct.] 

This  route  up  the  Pourri  is  rather 
intricate,  as  the  same  ridge  is  crossed 
twice  {avoid  descending  from  the  Col 
du  Pourri  to  the  lower  part  of  the 
Thuria  glacier  below  the  seracs),  but 
is  not  otherwise  difficult. 


I      A  useful  variation  of  this  route  was 
I   made  by  Mr.  Coolidge  in  1878,  and 
I   this  is  really  the  quickest  and  best  way 
1   of  reaching  the  summit  of  the  Pourri. 
Having  gained  the  summit  by  the 
1862  route  in  4  hrs.  50  min.  walk- 
ing from  Entre   Deux  Nants,  Mr. 
Coolidge's  party  on  its  return,  when 
half-way  across  the  great  snowy  am- 
phitheatre  of  the   Roches  glacier, 
struck  to  the  S.W.  down  that  glacier, 
which  was  perfectly  easy,  quitted  it  on 
its  right  bank,  near  the  figures  2, 600  m. 
on  the  French  map  (f  hr.  only  from 
the  summit),  passed  above  the  Sevo- 
liere  chalets  (20  min.),  and  in  §  hr. 
more  regained  Entre  Deux  Nants  by 
a  grassy  depression  to  the  N.E.  of 
Les  Lanchettes,  having  thus  taken 
i   but  I  hr.  50  m.  walking  from  the  top 
j   to  their  night  quarters.    In  1868  Mr. 
Horace   Walker    from   the  Col  de 
Thuria   rounded   the    base   of  the 
Mont  Thuria  (first  ascended  in  1874 
by  Miss  Brevoort  and  Mr.  Coolidge 
by  way  of  its  N.E.  spur),  and  then 
worked  along  the  E.  slope  of  the 
I   ridge  (many  rocky  teeth,  traversed  in 
1874  by  Mr.  Coolidge)  between  the 
'    Mont  Thuria  and  the  Pourri,  gaining 
I   the  latter  summit  in  about  2  hrs.  from 
I  the  Col  de  Thuria. 

Yet  a  fourth  main   route  up  the 
Pourri    mounts    from    the  Plagne 
;   chalets  at  the  head  of  the  Val  de 
,   Peisey  (6  hrs.  to  the  summit)  by  the 
I   S.E.  face,  and  crest  of  the  great  S.W. 

spur,    the  1862  route   being  joined 
j   near    the   summit.     For    the  two 
I   northern  routes  (1862  and  1868,  with 
:   the  variation  of  1878)  the  best  night 
j   quarters    is    now    the    Club  hut 
j   (2,650  m.,  8,695  ft.  ))4nrs-  above 
Peisey,  and  a  short  distance  below 
the  Col  du  Pourri  on  its  W.  slope. 
Hence  three  other  interesting  ascents 
j   may  be  made.    The  Aiguille  du  St. 
j   Esprit,  3,393  m.,  11,132  ft.  (at  the 
!  junction  of  the  two  ridges  enclosing  the 
Roches  glacier  on  the  N.  W.  and  S.  E. ), 
can  be  reached  in  2  hrs.  from  the 
Col  du  Pourri  by  way  of  the  W.  slope 
of  the  ridge  (shifting  debris)  between 
the  Col  and  the  peak.    The  Aiguille 


250       GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  12.  GRANDE  CASSE  DISTRICT 


Rouge,  3,237  m.,  10,621  ft.  (whence 
there  is  a  wonderful  view  of  the 
Pourri),  N.  of  that  Col,  can  be 
reached  by  the  debris  and  rocks  of 
its  W.  slope  in  about  2  hrs.  from  the 
Club  hut,  but  much  easier  is  the 
ascent  of  the  Aiguille  Grive  (2,735 
m. ,  8,973  ft-  )•>  accessible  in  under  1  hr. 
A  pleasant  route  from  Bourg  St. 
Maurice  to  the  Club  hut  (4 \  hrs. )  is 
past  the  chalets  of  Tetes  and  Arc 
(probably  identical  with  Mr.  Bonney's 
descent  in  1862),  it  being  also  pos- 
sible to  join  this  route  (not  far  from 
the  former  chalets)  by  mounting  a 
zigzag  path  (faintly  marked  and  stony) 
which  starts  opposite  Montvalezan- 
sur-Seez,  and  leads  up  through  a  mag- 
nificent forest. 


SECTION  13. 

LEVANNA  DISTRICT. 
{CENTRAL    GRAIANS.  1.) 

This  district  includes  the  S.  bit  of 
the  Central  Graians,  extending  from 
the  Mont  Cenis  Pass  to  the  Col  du 
Carro.  In  other  words,  it  takes  in 
the  peak  of  the  Rochemelon,  and  the 
ridge  bounding  the  Maurienne  or 
valley  of  the  Arc  on  the  S.  E. ,  as  well 
as  a  very  considerable  mass  of  peaks 
and  ridges  on  the  Italian,  or  E. ,  side 
of  the  main  chain.  Indeed,  this  last- 
named  mass  forms  the  greater  part 
of  the  region  described  in  this  Sec- 
tion, and  is  known  as  the  Valleys  of 
Lanzo.  N.W.  of  Turin  is  the  little 
town  of  Lanzo,  on  the  Stura  di 
Lanzo,  which  is  formed  by  the  union 
of  three  torrents  flowing  eastwards 
from  the  main  Graian  chain  through 
three  valleys,  those  of  Viu,  Ala,  and 
the  Val  Grande.  The  Valleys  of 
Lanzo  are  enclosed  by  four  consider- 
able ridges,  two  of  which  divide  these 
glens  from  each  other,  while  a  third 
rises  between  the  Viu  glen  and  that 
of  the  Dora  Riparia,  the  fourth 
similarly  forming  the  boundary  be- 


tween the  Val  Grande  and  the  Oreo 
valley.  Each  of  the  three  valleys 
communicates  with  the  upper  valley 
of  the  Arc  by  high  snow  or  glacier 
passes,  rarely  used  by  the  natives, 
and  still  more  rarely  by  foreigners, 
although  to  practised  mountaineers 
they  offer  no  difficulties.  A  fair 
amount  of  information  as  to  the 
ridges  enclosing  these  valleys,  and  a 
great  deal  about  the  valleys  them- 
selves, may  be  found  in  a  quaint 
work  entitled  '  Lettres  sur  les  Vallees 
de  Lanzo,'  by  Louis  Francesetti, 
Count  of  Mezzenile  (Turin,  1823), 
but  the  more  recent  work  of  Signor 
L.  Clavarino,  '  Le  Valli  di  Lanzo  ' 
(Turin,  1874),  contains  many  details 
useful  to  climbers.  Both  books 
have,  however,  been  now  superseded 
by  vol.  ii.  Part  1  of  Signori 
Martelli  and  Vaccarone's  '  Guida 
delleAlpi  Occidentali '  (Turin,  1889), 
while  those  who  desire  to  make  a 
minute  study  of  the  valleys  should 
not  omit  to  consult  Signor  Vacca- 
rone's two  classical  papers  on  the 
ridges  at  the  head  of  the  Val  Grande, 
published  in  the  '  Bollettino  '  of  the 
Italian  Alpine  Club  for  1885  and 
1887,  and  those  by  Signor  Cibrario 
on  the  region  between  the  Rocheme- 
lon and  the  Charbonel,  and  on  the 
Bessanese,  in  the  same  periodical  for 
1893  and  1894.  Joanne,  and  parti- 
cularly M.  Ferrand'sbook,  mentioned 
in  the  Introduction  to  this  Chapter, 
will  also  be  found  very  useful.  Bon- 
neval  and  Bessans  on  the  French 
side,  Balme,  Ceresole,  and  the  Club 
huts  of  the  Italian  Alpine  Club,  on 
the  Italian  side,  are  the  best  head- 
quarters for  mountaineers. 

It  was  long  thought  in  former  days 
that  the  Rochemelon  was  the  highest 
summit  in  the  Alps,  and  hence 
naturally  of  this  portion  of  the  great 
chain.  But  its  3,537  m.  ( 1 1,605  ft- )  *s 
surpassed  by  quite  a  number  of  other 
summits.  The  loftiest  of  all  is  the 
Pointe  de  Charbonel  (3,760  m., 
12,336  ft. ),  above  Bessans,  and  wholly 
in  France,  next  to  which  come  the 
Uja    di     Ciamarella,    3,676  m., 


ROUTE  A.  BESSANS 


TO  THE  VIU  VALLEY 


251 


12,061  ft.  (wholly  in  Italy),  the 
Albaron,  3,662  m.,  12,015  ft. 
(wholly  in  France),  the  Central  and 
highest  point  of  the  three-peaked 
Levanna  (3,640  m.,  n, 943  *k)>  and 
the  Bessanese  (3,632  m.,  11,917  ft.) 
Several  other  mountains  also  exceed 
the  Rochemelon  in  height  ;  but  that 
summit,  with  the  Albaron,  the  W. 
(and  lowest)  summit  of  the  Levanna, 
and  the  Grande  Aiguille  Rousse,  are 
the  belvederes  of  the  region,  and  easily 
accessible  even  by  those  who  have  no 
great  experience  of  climbing.  It  may 
be  pointed  out  as  a  curiosity  that  the 
three  highest  summits  of  the  district 
crown  spurs  projecting  from  the  main 
ridge,  the  Central  peak  of  the  Levanna 
being  the  loftiest  point  actually  on  the 
crest  of  the  main  chain,  so  that,  as  it 
is  also  the  best  known  to  students  of 
Alpine  literature,  it  may  fitly  give  its 
name  to  the  Section  wherein  it  is 
described. 


Route  A. 

BESSANS  TO  THE  VIU  VALLEY  OR 
THE  MONT  CENIS  BY  THE  RIBON 
GLEN.  ASCENT  OF  THE  ROCHE- 
MELON. 

The  village  of  Bessans,  in  the  upper 
Arc  valley,  stands  at  the  N.W.  foot 
of  the  Pointe  de  Charboiiel,  the 
loftiest  summit  of  the  group  to  be  de- 
scribed in  this  Section.  From  that 
peak  a  long  crest  runs  S.E.  to  the 
frontier  ridge,  and  this  crest  separates 
the  two  glens  of  Ribon,  and  of 
Averole,  which  join  the  Arc  valley 
not  far  from  Bessans.  These  two 
glens  form  the  subject  of  this  and  the 
succeeding  Route.  Each  leads  into 
the  Viu  valley,  the  most  southerly  of 
the  three  Valleys  of  Lanzo,  while  the 
former  also  gives  access  to  the 
plateau  of  the  Mont  Cenis,  and  the 
latter  also  communicates  directly  with 
the  Valley  of  Ala. 


The  Ribon  glen  is  closed  at  its 
head  by  the  great  mass  of  the  Roche- 
melon,  the  most  celebrated  of  the 
historical  peaks  of  the  Alps,  and  it  is 
necessary  to  cross  this  mass,  near  the 
summit,  in  order  to  reach  the  Viu 
valley.  At  first  sight  this  seems  an 
enterprise  reserved  only  for  active 
climbers,  but  the  pilgrims'  tracks 
from  both  the  Ribon  and  Viu  glens 
permit  even  inexperienced  climbers 
to  reach  this  summit,  whence  it  is 
possible  to  descend  by  a  good  track 
to  Susa  direct,  or  by  a  rough  foot 
track  to  the  plateau  of  the  Mont 
Cenis.  In  this  Rte.,  therefore,  we 
have  mainly  to  deal  with  the  Roche- 
melon  (3,537  m.,  11,605  ft-)>  tne 
most  southerly  of  the  great  peaks  in 
the  Graian  range. 

A  good  path  mounts  from  Bessans 
past  a  chapel  and  around  a  shoulder 
to  the  level  of  the  Ribon  glen,  reached 
on  the  right  bank  of  the  stream, 
which  is  henceforth  followed  through 
a  treeless  and  desolate  pasture  valley, 
relieved  only  by  the  sight  of  the 
Rochemelon  glacier  descending 
steeply  at  its  further  end.  Many 
groups  of  chalets  are  passed,  the  first 
being  those  of  Pierre  Grosse  (i^hr. 
from  Bessans). 

[Steep  but  easy  broken  rocks  lead 
up  hence  on  the  S.  in  3^  firs,  to  the 
Pas  du  Chapeau  (3,230m.,  10,598  ft. ), 
whence  if  hr.  or  less  suffices  to  gain 
the  Mont  Cenis  Hospice,  From  the 
pass  it  is  a  stroll  of  about  §  hr.  in  a 
S.  direction  to  the  Mont  Lamet 
(3,478  m.,  11,411  ft.),  or  the  rather 
higher  Roche  Michel  (3,492  m., 
11,457  ft.),  ascended  by  Saussure 
as  far  back  as  1787,  eight  weeks  after 
his  famous  ascent  of  Mont  Blanc. 
But  an  even  finer  view  is  gained  from 
the  Pointe  de  Ro?ice  (3,618  m., 
11,871  ft.),  totheN.W.,  easily  reached 
by  the  ridge  in  i\  hr.  from  the  Col, 
and  commanding  a  most  superb  view. 
Easy  snow  fields  lead  from  it  down 
direct  either  to  the  Mont  Cenis  pla- 
teau or  to  Lanslebourg.  The  return 
to  Bessans  may  be  varied  by  pushing 
on  in  1 1  hr.  to  the  Pointe  de  Solliette 


252  GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  13. 

(3,046  m.j  9,994  ft.),  which  over- 
hangs the  plain  of  Bessans,  gained 
thence  by  a  steep,  rocky  descent  in 
3  hrs.  to  the  N.  of  a  hanging  glacier, 
and  past  the  Pierre  Grosse  huts.  J 

In  about  i|  hr.  more  the  foot  of 
the  icefall  of  the  Rochemelon  glacier 
is  reached.  Here  the  traveller  natu- 
rally wonders  how  this  is  to  be 
climbed  by  pilgrims.  Practised  moun- 
taineers may  clamber  up  a  steep  gully 
on  the  right  bank  to  the  edge  of  the 
upper  level  snow-field.  But  the 
pilgrims'  route  (ill-marked,  except 
soon  after  the  annual  journey,  when  it 
was  traced  with  ease  by  the  present 
writer— W. A. B.C.— on  Sept.  7,  1889) 
winds  away  by  a  path  far  to  the  left 
over  the  rocks,  returning  higher  up 
to  the  right,  and  so  enabling  them  to 
reach  the  right  edge  of  the  upper  level 
snow-field  above  the  ice-fall  in  if  hr. 
or  less  from  the  Ribon  glen.  A 
trudge  up  and  over  this  extensive 
snow-field  (laborious  only  when  the 
snow  is  soft)  brings  the  traveller  to 
the  summit  of  the  final  pyramid  of  the 
Rochemelon  (3,537  m.,  11,605  ft.)  in 
if  hr.  more,  or  6  hrs.  from  Bessans. 

Besides  the  great  cairn  on  the  top 
there  are  also  near  by  the  ancient 
wooden  chapel,  full  of  ex-votos,  &c, 
marble  tablets  recording  the  ascents 
in  1659,  and  later,  of  some  princes 
of  the  House  of  Savoy,  and  a  bronze 
bust  of  Victor  Emmanuel  II.,  which 
has  lately  replaced  one  in  terra  cotta. 

There  are  few  points  in  the  range  cf 
the  Alps,  save  the  Monte  Viso,  the 
Ciamarella,  and  the  Tour  du  Grand 
St.  Pierre,  so  well  placed  as  this  to 
command  a  view  of  the  undulating 
plateau  between  the  Alps  and  the 
Appennines,  scored  by  the  channels  of 
many  rapid  rivers,  that  makes  up  the 
territory  of  Piedmont,  as  well  as  of 
the  countless  peaks  that  close  it  in  on 
the  W.  and  the  N.  But  though  the 
panorama  is  very  fine  it  is  often  con- 
cealed by  clouds,  which  frequently 
gather  early  in  the  day  round  the 
summit  of  this  advanced  bastion  of 
the  Alps. 

It  is  probably  due  to  the  remark - 


LEV  ANN  A  DISTRICT 

able  history  of  the  Rochemelon  that 
the  actual  summit  is  now  wholly  in 
Italy,  the  frontier  line  passing  N.  of 
it  across  the  great  snow-field.  As 
far  back  as  the  twelfth  century  there 
were  legends  of  a  great  treasure 
hidden  on  this  mountain  by  an  ancient 
king,  from  whom  it  was  called  '  Arx 
Romulea. '  But  no  one  was  for  long 
able  to  reach  the  summit,  as  storms 
drove  back  several  parties,  raised,  it 
was  alleged,  by  the  spirit  of  the 
mountain.  Yet  a  certain  Bonifacius 
Rotarius  of  Asti,  having,  according  to 
tradition,  escaped  out  of  the  hands  of 
the  Mussulmen  in  the  Holy  Land,  in 
consequence  of  a  vow  that  in  such 
case  he  would  build  a  chapel  on  the 
highest  summit  of  the  Alps,  carried 
out  this  vow  by  ascending  the  peak 
on  Sept.  1,  1358,  this  being,  as  far 
!  as  is  known,  the  very  first  time  that 
any  snowy  peak  of  the  Alps  was  ever 
climbed.  It  is  said  that  the  original 
chapel  was  hewn  out  of  the  rock,  in  a 
spot  now  covered  by  neve,  and  the 
existence  of  a  recess  artificially  hol- 
lowed out  in  the  rock  was  proved  in 
the  hot  summer  of  1820,  when  the 
entrance  was  uncovered  by  the  melt- 
ing of  the  snow,  and  the  supposed 
chapel  entered  by  M.  Francesetti. 
Rotarius'  bronze  triptych,  representing 
the  Blessed  Virgin  and  Child,  with 
St.  George  mounted,  on  one  side,  and 
on  the  other  St.  James,  presenting  a 
kneeling  warrior,  supposed  to  be 
Rotarius,  is  now  preserved  in  the 
cathedral  at  Susa,  but  is  carried  to 
the  summit  annually,  when  mass  is 
said  in  the  chapel  on  August  5,  the 
festival  of  N.  D.  de  la  Neige.  Many 
pilgrims  flock  thither  on  that  occasion 
from  all  sides,  bivouacking  out  on 
the  mountain,  so  as  to  reach  the 
summit  early,  and  it  is  said  that  dis- 
putes are  not  unfrequent  between  the 
rival  Savoyard  and  Piedmontese  men, 
who  meet  here. 

It  should  be  added  that  the  history 
of  Asti  about  that  time  makes  it 
more  probable  that  the  triptych  was 
carried  up.  the  Rochemelon  in  con- 
nection  with   some   local  troubles, 


ROUTE  A.    BESSANS  TO  THE  VI U  VALLEY  253 


rather  than  the  fulfilment  of  a  vow 
made  on  a  Crusade.  The  triptych, 
the  history  of  which  between  1358 
and  1659  (when  Charles  Emmanuel  II. 
of  Savoy  made  the  ascent,  as  is  re- 
corded on  a  white  marble  tablet  still 
on  the  summit)  is  unknown,  bears  the 
following  inscription  :  i  Hie  me  ap- 
portavit  Bonefacius  Rotarius  Astensis 
in  honorem  D.  N.  J.  C.  et  Beatae 
Virginis.  Anno  Domini  MCCCLVIII, 
die  1  Septembris.' 

From  the  foot  of  the  final  pyramid 
a  traveller  may,  by  bearing  to  the 
S.W.,  cross  the  Col  della  Novalesa 
(3,209  m.,  10,529  ft.)  to  the  Budin 
huts.  Hence  there  is  an  easy  path 
down  to  Novalesa,  near  the  Mont 
Cenis  road,  above  Susa,  but,  if  it  be 
desired  to  gain  the  Hospice  on  the 
Mont  Cenis,  a  rough  route,  across 
steep  slopes,  intersected  by  many 
ravines,  must  be  followed  to  the  N.  W. 
to  the  Tour  huts  (here  a  direct 
route  from  the  Rochemelon  glacier 
falls  in)  and  those  of  Lamet,  whence 
the  path  improves  ;  but  4  firs,  at 
least,  if  not  more,  are  required  from 
the  summit  to  the  Hospice  by  this 
route,  against  which  travellers  are 
strongly  warned.  This  W.  face  of 
the  peak  is  steep,  so  that  no  snow 
can  rest  on  it  in  summer.  So  is  the 
S.  slope,  down  which  there  is  a  fair 
track  to  Susa,  which  is  the  easiest 
way  up  the  mountain.  This  track 
leads  down  steep  slopes  of  debris, 
past  the  Crocetta  di  Ferroy  to  the 
Cct  d'Asli,  2,834  m.,  9,298  ft.  (1  hr. 
from  the  summit),  a  stone  chapel  (in 
which  mass  is  said  when  bad  weather 
prevents  the  ascent  to  the  summit), 
surrounded  by  a  number  of  huts  (one 
fitted  up  for  travellers  by  the  Italian 
Alpine  Club)  for  the  accommodation 
of  the  pilgrims  the  night  before  their 
annual  ascent.  (By  following  a  well- 
marked  track  hence  to  the  E.  along 
the  mountain-side  the  Col  della  Croce 
di  Ferro,  2,553m.,  8,376  ft.,  may  be 
gained  in  3  hrs. ,  and  Usseglio,  in  the 
Viii  valley,  in  3  hrs.  more  past  the 
Malciaussia  chalets. )  Less  than  3  hrs. 
suffice  for  the  descent  from  the  Ca 


d'Asti  over  steep  pastures  past  the 
chalets  of  Trucco  and  the  village  of 
Mompantero  to  Susa,  but,  as  the  slopes 
are  very  bare,  and  exposed  to  the  S., 
travellers  should  recollect  that  this 
part  of  the  mountain  is  very  hot, 
particularly  in  the  afternoon. 

Hitherto  we  have  been  considering 
the  N.,  W.,  and  S.  slopes  of  the 
Rochemelon.  But  for  a  party  bound 
to  the  Valley  of  Viu  the  E.  slopes  are 
far  more  important.  A  mountaineer 
will  be  tempted  by  the  look  of  the 
slightly  higher  Pic  du  Ribon  ( 3, 543  m. , 
11,625  ft.)  to  the  N.,  easily  gained 
by  snow  slopes  in  1  \  hr.  or  less  from 
the  Rochemelon,  and  commanding  an 
admirable  view,  lacking,  however, 
the  outlook  over  the  Piedmontese 
plains  obtained  from  the  more  famous 
summit.  From  the  Pic  there  is  no 
difficulty  in  following  the  N.  ridge  for 
a  short  distance,  and  then  descending 
on  the  E.  across,  and  later  on  the  left 
side  of  a  great  snow  couloir  to  the 
Derriere  le  Clapier  glacier  (-J-J  hr. ), 
at  the  head  of  the  Lombarde  branch 
of  the  Averole  glen  ;  hence  it  is  easy 
to  bear  N.  E.  across  this  glacier  to  the 
Col  de  l'Autaret  (Rte.  B),  or  to  go 
down  the  Averole  glen  in  4  hrs.  to 
Bessans.  An  even  easier  way  is  to 
follow  the  N.  ridge  from  the  Pic  to 
the  broad  depression  (now  called  the 
Bocchetta  de  P Arse lie)  marked  3,361 
m.  (11,027  ft.)  on  the  French  map, 
whence  easy  slopes  lead  down  to 
either  the  Ribon  or  Averole  glens. 

But  the  most  direct  pass  from 
the  Rochemelon  glacier  to  the  Viii 
valley  is  the  Col  de  la  Rochemelon,  a 
little  N.  of  the  peak,  at  the  point 
marked  3,275  m.  (10,745  ft-)  on  tne 
Italian  map.  This  is  the  pilgrims' 
pass,  and  there  is  no  difficulty  in  the 
descent  to  the  head  of  the  Viu  valley, 
where  the  track  from  the  Col  de 
l'Autaret  (Rte.  B)  is  joined,  and  fol- 
lowed past  the  chalets  of  Malciaussia 
to  Usseglio  (4  hrs.  from  the  pass). 


254       >    GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  13.  LEVANNA  DISTRICT 


Route  B. 

BESSANS  TO    USSEGLIO   AND  LANZO 
BY  THE  COL  DE  L'AUTARET. 

In  the  last  Rte.  we  described  what 
may  be  called  the  mountaineer's  way 
from  Bessans  to  the  Yiii  valley,  but 
the  more  usual  route,  known  perhaps 
since  Roman  times,  from  one  valley 
to  the  other  is  the  track  across  the 
Col  deV  Autaret,  reached  from  Bessans 
through  the  Averole  glen.    The  path 
leaves  the  road  to  Bonneval  a  little 
way  out  of  Bessans,  at  the  chapel  of 
St.  Etienne,  and  passing  along  the 
edge  of  the  forest  enters  the  Averole 
glen  on  crossing  to  the  hamlet  of  La 
Goulaz,  on  the   right  bank  of  the 
Averole  torrent  (J  hr.)    That  bank 
is  then  followed  past  Vincendieres  to 
the  last  winter  hamlet  in  the  valley, 
that  of  Averole,  2,035  m.,  6,677  ft. 
(1  hr.),  which  is  only  36  ft.  lower 
than  the  highest  village  in  France 
(l'Ecot,  near  Bonneval).     It  is  here 
necessary   to   quit  the   main  track 
(which  mounts  S.E.  towards  the  Col 
d/Arnas,  Rte.  E.  below),  and  to  cross 
the  stream  to  its  left  bank,  in-order 
to  mount  S.  through  the  Combe  de  la 
Lombarde,  the  true  continuation  of 
the  Averole  glen.    There  is  a  choice 
here  between  a  higher  track  (past  the 
oratory  of  St.  Antoine)  and  a  lower 
track  past  two  huts,  but  the  ascent 
up  the  left   side  of  the  wild  and 
desolate  glen  offers   no  difficulties. 
Near  its  termination  (2J  hrs.)  the 
path  (soon  ceasing  to  be  passable  for 
mules)  crosses  to  the  right  bank  of 
the  torrent  and  mounts  by  zigzags 
above  the  right  bank  of  the  Derriere 
le  Clapier  glacier  (which  is  perfectly 
easy)  to  the  Col  de  l'Autaret,  3,070 
m.,  10,073  ft.  (f  hr.),  gained  in  4J-5 
hrs.  from  Bessans.    Here  there  are 
3  cairns,  a  cross,  and   a  flagstaff, 
showing  that  it  is  frequented  by  the 
country  people,  though  very  rarely 
traversed   by   strangers.    The  chief 
feature  in  the  view  is  the  Charbonel, 


and  the  chain  running  thence  in  a 
S.E.  direction,  but  on  the  way  up 
Mont  Blanc,  the  Bessanese,  and  the 
Albaron  are  visible  at  different  points. 
The  view  from  the  pass  may  be  ex- 
tended by  mounting  in  less  than  an 
hour  to  the  Punta  Autaret  (3,338  m., 
10,952  ft.),  on  the  N.E.,  whence  it  is 
possible  to  follow  the  ridge  in  an  E. 
direction  to  the  higher  Punta  Valletta 
(3,378  m.,  11,083  ft-)>  fr°m  which  it 
is  easy  either  to  pass  the  ridge  on  the 
N.E.  to  the  Pera  Ciaval  Club  hut 
(Rte.  D)  or  to  ascend  the  Croce  Rossa 
(see  also  Rte.  D.  A.  1.  b,  and  E.  1). 

Some  writers  have  maintained  that 
it  was  by  this  pass  that  Hannibal 
crossed  the  Alps,  but  it  is  more  certain 
(though  not  proved)  that  it  was  known 
and  used  in  Roman  times,  as  inscrip- 
tions of  that  date  have  been  found  at 
different  times  on  the  Italian  side,  as 
well  as  a  stone  altar,  dedicated  to 
Hercules,  and  now  preserved  in  the 
parish  church  at  Usseglio.  It  is  most 
probable,  however,  that  these  are 
really  connected  with  the  iron  mines 
in  the  Bellacomba  (Rte.  D.  A.  1). 

Just  below  the  Col  is  a  small  lake, 
often  frozen  till  late  in  the  summer,  on 
the  uppermost  shelf  of  the  glen,  and 
after  passing  a  steep  rock  the  mule 
path  reappears.  (There  are  said  to 
be  in  this  neighbourhood  traces,  of  the 
old  paved  track  by  which  in  former 
days  letters  were  conveyed  by  mounted 
messengers  from  Piedmont  to  Savoy. ) 
A  fine  cascade  is  passed  on  the  right, 
and  many  steep  pastures  descended  be- 
fore the  traveller  reaches  (if  hr.  from 
the  pass)  the  level  of  the  Viu  valley, 
where  falls  in  the  route  from  the  Col  de 
la  Rochemelon  (see  last  Rte.)  Soon 
the  green  pasture  basin  of  Malciaussia 
(1,789m.,  5,870  ft.), with  many  huts, 
is  attained.  It  is  shut  in  on  all  sides 
by  precipitous  rock  walls,  the 
Rochemelon  being  visible  on  the  W. 
In  this  plain  there  are  fields  of  rye, 
which  in  some  years  ripen  fully  at 
this  great  height,  after  the  seed  has 
remained  for  14  months  in  the  ground. 
The  path  keeps  throughout  on  the 
left  bank  of  the  Stura  di  Viu,  which 


ROUTE  B.    BESSANS  TO  USSEGLIO  AND  LANZO  255 


makes  a  fine  waterfall  (heard,  but  not 
visible   from   the   path)  before  the 
traveller  gains  the  hamlet  of  Margone, 
and  the  opening  of  the  Bellacomba 
glen  is  passed  on  the  left  just  before 
reaching  the  considerable   plain  in 
which    are    scattered    the  various 
hamlets  of  the  commune  of  Usseglio 
(2  hrs.  from  Malciaussia).    The  inn 
is  at  the  chief  hamlet,  that  of  Corte- 
viccio  ( 1 , 265  m. ,  4, 1 50  ft. )    A  short 
distance  off  is  the  parish  church,  with 
the  stone  altar  already  mentioned, 
and  a  short  way  beyond  is  a  large  low 
building,  called  the  Fabbrica,  formerly 
used  for  the  preparation  of  the  cobalt 
obtained  from  mines  in  some  of  the 
neighbouring    glens.  Unfortunately 
the  inhabitants  have  recklessly  de-  j 
stroyed  the  forests  which  once  sur-  j 
rounded  the  upper  end  of  the  valley,  j 
and  fuel  is  now  scarce.    The  plain  of  j 
Usseglio  is  about  5  m.  long  by  1  m.  | 
broad,  and  is  obviously  the  filled -up 
bed  of  an  ancient  lake.    It  is  covered 
with  fields  and  meadows,  which  con-  j 
trast  finely  with  the  Alpine  scenery  j 
of  the  background,  the  chief  feature 
in  which  is  the  striking  mass  of  the 
Torre  d  Ovarda{  3,075  m.,  10,089ft.), 
on  the  N.   (This  peak  may  be  climbed 
in  5  hrs.  from  Usseglio  by  way  of  the 
Servin  glen  and  the  S.W.  face,  the 
view  from  the  summit    being  very 
fine.    For  other  ascents  and  passes 
from   the   Viu  valley  see  Rtes.  C 
and  D.  A.) 

It  is  1 7 J  m.  from  Usseglio  to  Lanzo, 
by  the  carriage  road.  At  the  further 
end  of  the  plain  of  Usseglio  the  road 
descends  steeply  through  a  narrow 
gorge,  and  later  passes  the  chapel  of 
the  Madonna  degli  OlmetH,  in  a 
singularly  picturesque  situation,  beside 
a  bridge  over  the  Stura,  before  reach- 
ing (5m.)  Lemie.  The  parish  church 
of  this  village  stands  on  a  great  rock, 
and  commands  a  fine  view  of  the 
head  of  the  valley,  and  of  the  Roche  - 
melon.  Beyond  Lemie  the  road 
crosses  to  Forno  di  Lewie,  but  then 
recrosses,  and  is  carried  along  the 
left  bank,  through  very  beautiful 
scenery,  to  (5  m. )  the  large  village 


of  Viu  (785  m.,  2,576  ft.),  above  the 
junction  of  the  Tornetti glen  with  the 
main  valley.    Viu  is  a  pretty  village 
quite  in  the  Swiss  style,   and  has 
some  splendid  pleasure  gardens,  being 
much  frequented  in  summer  by  visitors 
from  Turin.    The  mountains  to  the 
S.,  on  the  slope  of  which,  in  a  charm- 
ing position,  is  the  village  of  Col  San 
Giovanni  (see  next  Rte. ),  are  covered 
with  fine  woods,  the  chestnut  pre- 
vailing below,  and  the  larch  in  the 
upper  zone.    From  Viu  the  carriage 
road  runs  for  7  m.  to  Lanzo  through 
beautiful   scenery.     Many  scattered 
houses  and  hamlets  are  passed,  and 
from  time  to  time  the  traveller  sees 
the  snowy  peak  of  the  Rochemelon 
at  the  end  of  the  valley,  these  glimpses 
serving  to  enhance  the  beauty  of  the 
nearer  scenery.    Soon  after  the  valley 
bends  from    E.    to   N.    the  Stura 
is  crossed  by  a  stone  bridge,  and  then 
the  road  mounts  across  a  great  promon- 
tory, high  above  the  junction  of  the 
Stura  di  Viu  with  the  main  stream, 
formed  by  the  union  at  Ceres  of  the 
torrents  from  the  Val  d' Ala  and  the  Val 
Grande.    The  road  descends  to  cross 
the  united  streams  by  the  bridge  of 
Germagnano,  and  immediately  after 
joins  the  carriage  road  from  these  two 
valleys,  1  m.  before  attaining  Lanzo 
(468  m.,  1,535  ft-)    This  little  town 
is  very  beautifully  situated   at  the 
junction  of  the  Tesso  with  the  Stura 
di  Lanzo,  a  short  distance  from  the 
point  where  the  latter  river  quits  the 
mountains  to  enter  the  plain  of  Pied- 
mont N.W.  of  Turin. 

At  Lanzo  the  traveller  should  not 
miss  seeing  (10  min.  walk  from  the 
Piazza  Santa  Croce)  the  Ponte  del  Roc, 
a  remarkable  bridge  which  spans  the 
Stura  by  a  single  arch.  It  was  built 
in  the  last  quarter  of  the  fourteenth 
century,  and  its  history  having  been 
forgotten,  the  skill  of  the  unknown 
architect  has  received  the  popular 
compliment  involved  in  the  name  of 
Ponte  del  Diavolo,  by  which  it  is  also 
known.  Near  it  there  are  a  number 
of  the  holes  called  '  Marmites  des 
I   Geants,'  formed  by  the  action  of  the 


256 


GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  13.  LEV  ANNA  DISTRICT 


rapidly-flowing  water,  which  whirls 
round  stones  and  sand,  and  so  wears 
away  the  rock  into  a  hollow  basin. 
About  1  hr.  from  Lanzo,  and  on  the 
lofty  promontory  of  Monte  Basiia,  is 
the  curious  Sanctuary  of  St.  Ignatius. 
The  chapel  (the  present  one  of  1727 
replaces  that  of  1635)  is  built  round 
the  pointed  rock  which  forms  the 
summit,  and  this  has  been  left  in  its 
natural  condition  to  serve  as  a  pedestal 
for  the  statue  of  the  saint.  A  very 
agreeable  excursion  may  be  made  from 
Lanzo  by  carriage  road  to  Coassolo 
(3  m. ),  in  the  Valdi  Tessa,  on  the  N., 
this  valley  being  thickly  clothed  with 
chestnut,  walnut,  and  various  fruit 
trees.  Hence  there  are  paths  to  Ceres 
on  the  W.,  and  Corio  on  the  E., 
while  two  others  over  the  higher 
range  to  the  N.  lead  in  6  hrs.  to 
Locana,  in  the  valley  of  the  Oreo 
(§  15.  Rte.  I).  2  m.  beyond  Coassolo 
is  Chiaves,  J  hr.  from  the  Sanctuary 
just  described,  whence  Ceres  or  Pes- 
sinetto  can  be  reached  in  1  hr.  more. 

Lanzo  is  20  m.  from  Turin  by  rail- 
way. As  the  mountains  begin  to  open 
into  the  plain  there  is  seen  on  the  left 
XhzEremo  di  Lanzo,  founded  in  1661, 
but  now  a  private  villa,  whence  there 
is  a  remarkable  view.  The  line  passes 
by  Cirie,  Caselle,  and  Venaria  Reale 
before  reaching  Turin.  Travellers 
should  note  that  the  terminus  of  this 
local  line  is  in  the  Borgo  Dora,  the 
N.E.  quarter  of  Turin,  and  is  some 
distance  from  the  main  station  at  the 
Porta  Nuova  in  the  W.  portion  of 
that  city. 


Route  C. 

VIU  VALLEY  TO  THE  DORA  RIP  ARIA 
VALLEY. 

There  are  a  number  of  passes  across 
the  range  separating  these  two  valleys, 
which  are  here  briefly  noticed,  in  case 
a  traveller  should  prefer  to  cross  one 


I  of  them  rather  than  make  the  round 
by  Turin.  (Those  leading  from  the 
Viu  valley  to  the  Ala  valley  on  the 
N.  are  noticed  in  the  next  Rte. ) 

I.  Colle  delta  Croce  di  Ferro.  —  A 
steep  ascent  of  2  hrs.  leads  from  the 
Malciaussia  huts  (themselves  2  hrs. 
from  Usseglio)  to  the  summit  of  this 
pass  (2,553  m.,  S.3J6  ft. ),  which  takes 
its  name  from  an  iron  cross  placed 
there.  As  mentioned  in  Rte.  A, 
there  is  a  path  hence  in  3  hrs.  to  the 
Ca  d'Asti,  this  being  the  easiest  route 
from  the  Viu  valley  to  the  Rocheme- 
lon.    The  descent  to  Mompantero, 

;  near  Susa,  is  made  in  a  S.W.  direc- 
tion past  the  Trucco  chalets  (?  2  hrs. ) 

I  2.  Colle  delta  Portia  Ouest. — There 
is  a  mule  path  to  this  pass  from  the 
hamlet  of  Piazzette,  at  the  E.  end  of 

:  the  Usseglio  plain,  but  pedestrians 
may  mount  more  directly  from  the 
hamlet  of  Corteviccio  across  the  low 

:  pass  of  the  Sagnadel  Vallo?ietto  (from 
which  the  ascent  of  the  Punta  Lunella, 
2,772  m.,  9,095  ft.,  maybe  made  by 
its  N.  E.  ridge  in  5  hrs.  from  Usseglio, 
the  view  thence  being  very  fine)  to 
the  Col  (2,190  m.,  7,185  ft.)  The 
mule  path  leads  down  to  Condove 
(7  hrs.  from  Usseglio),  a  station  on  the 
Mont  Cenis  railway  (§  7.  Rte.  A). 

3.  Colle  del  Colombardo.  —  This 
pass  from  Forno  di  Lernie  to  Condove 
takes  about  the  same  time  as  the  last. 
On  the  summit  (1,888  m.,  6,194  ft.) 
is  the  chapel  of  the  Madonna  degli 
Angeli,   while  on  the   way  up  the 

;   botanist  may  find  Pinus  unci?tata, 
'   Sempervivum    Wulfenii,   and  other 
rare  plants.    The  chief  recommenda- 
;  tion  of  this  pass  is  that  in  i§  hr.  from 
I  it  the  summit  of  the  Monte  Civrari 
(2,302  m.,  7,553  ft.)  maybe  reached, 
and  this  is  one  of  the  finest  points  for 
a  panoramic  view  in  the  neighbour- 
■   hood  of  Turin.     If  starting  from  Viu 
for  this  peak  (5  hrs.  up)  it  is  more 
'  direct  to  mount  past  Col  San  Giovan- 
.   ni  and  the  Civrari  lake,  while  it  is 
i   easy  to  descend  to  Rubiana,  on  the 
route  of  the  Colle  del  Lis. 

4.  Colle  del  Lis. — A  steep  ascent 
I   of  1  \  hr.  to  the  S.  leads  from  Viu  to 


ROUTE  D.    ALA  VALLEY  TO  VI U  VALLEY 


257 


the  picturesque  village  of  Col  San 
Giovanni  (1,117  m->  35665  ft.),  now 
much  frequented  in  summer  by  Italian 
visitors.  Hence  a  mule  path  mounts 
due  S.  (leaving  on  the  S.W.  the  way 
up  the  Monte  Civrari,  see  3.  above) 
over  the  Col  del  Lis  (1,310  m.,  4,298 
ft. )  in  3  hrs.  to  Rubiana,  whence  in 
under  2  hrs.  more  the  stations  of 
Condove  or  of  Avigliana  may  be 
reached. 

5.  Colle  della  Poi-tia  Est  and  Colle 
delta  Lunella. — Either  of  these  passes 
(1,324  m.,  4,344  ft.,  and  1,320  m., 
4,331  ft.,  respectively)  leads  from 
Col  San  Giovanni  in  about  4  hrs.  to 
the  Valle  della  Torre,  through  which 
either  the  Alpignano  (M.  Cenis  line) 
or  the  Venaria  Reale  (Lanzo  line) 
station  is  reached  after  a  rather  long 
walk. 


Route  D. 

ALA  VALLEY  TO  THE  VI U  VALLEY 
AND  THE  VAL  GRANDE. 

The  Ala  Valley  (described  in  detail 
in  the  next  Rte. )  is  the  central  one  of 
the  three  Valleys  of  Lanzo,  so  that  it 
seems  most  convenient  to  group  in 
one  Rte.  the  passes  from  it  to  its  two 
neighbours  on  the  S.  and  the  N.  :  the 
passes  from  the  Viu  valley  towards 
the  S.  were  noticed  in  the  last  Rte., 
while  those  from  the  Val  Grande  to- 
wards the  N.  will  be  found  in  Rte.  H, 
below.  In  each  case  the  order  fol- 
lowed is  from  the  higher  passes  on 
the  W.  to  the  lower  passes  on  the 
E. 

A.  Ala  Valley  to  the  Viu  Valley. 
I.  Collarin  d'Arnas. — This  way 
passes  along  the  E.  base  of  the 
frontier  ridge.  Starting  from  Balme, 
the  traveller  follows  the  track  to  the 
Col  d'Arnas  (see  next  Rte. )  as  far  as 
the  Crot  del  Ciaussine  Club  hut 
(3  hrs.),  and  for  some  distance  be- 
yond. The  Collarin  (2,851  m., 
9,354  ft.)  is  reached  by  easy  broken 

1. 


rocks  and  snow  in  about  1  hr.  from 
the  hut,  and  it  is  by  this  route  that  a 
traveller  coming  from  Usseglio  must 
gain  the  Col  d'Arnas.  There  is  an 
unexpectedly  fine  view  hence  of 
Monte  Rosa  and  the  Grand  Paradk, 
as  well  as  of  the  nearer  Bessanese, 
Ciamarella  and  Croce  Rossa.  10  min. 
run  down  snow  slopes  suffices  for  the 
descent  to  the  great  Lago  della  Rossa, 
which  is  almost  always  frozen,  and 
lies  immediately  under  the  fine  peak 
of  the  Croce  Rossa.  Hence  there 
are  two  ways  of  descending  to 
Usseglio. 

(a)  The  shortest  and  most  direct  is 
to  bear  E.  over  a  precipitous  rocky 
barrier  to  the  hut  on  the  upland 
plain  at  the  head  of  the  Bellaco?nba 
valley  {\  hr. ),  a  wild  glen  (where  an 
iron  mine  was  formerly  worked,  with 
which  it  is  far  more  probable  that  the 
inscriptions  found  here  and  the  stone 
altar  now  preserved  at  Usseglio  should 
be  connected  than  with  the  existence 
of  a  pass  at  that  early  period,  as 
some  writers  have  conjectured). 

[Here  the  short  cut  from  Mussa 
over  the  Pas  so  Mongioire  (2,812  m., 
9,226  ft.)  falls  in.] 

That  valley  is  then  followed  over 
scanty  pastures,  down  rocky  barriers, 
and  by  a  steep  stony  track,  but 
amidst  scenery  becoming  more  and 
more  picturesque  at  every  step,  to  the 
Corteviccio  hamlet,  on  the  plain  of 
Usseglio  (about  3  hrs.  from  the  lake, 
or  7  hrs.  from  Balme). 

(b)  The  longer  route  leads  from 
the  lake  due  S.  over  the  Colle  Altare 
(2,910  m.,  9,548  ft.)  to  the  Pera 
CiavalClub  hut  (2,600  m.,  8,531  ft.), 
on  the  Sabiunin  plain  (if-  hr. ) 

[Hence  the  Colle  della  Valletta 
(3,145  m.,  10,319  ft.),  on  the  N.W., 
can  be  reached  in  i-|  hr.,  and  the 
summit  of  the  Croce  Rossa  (3,567  m., 
11,703  ft.)  in  1  hr.  more  ;  but  that 
peak  and  its  neighbour,  the  Punta 
d'Arnas,  are  more  conveniently  de- 
scribed in  connection  with  the  Col 
d'Arnas  in  the  next  Rte.  J 

From  the  Club  hut  (4  hrs.  up  from 
Usseglio)  it  is  shortest  to  descend  to 

s 


258  GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  13. 


LEVANNA  DISTRICT 


the  Bellacomba  glen,  as  above,  but 
an  active  walker  may  from  the  hut 
continue  in  a  S.  direction  over  the 
Colle  Soutt  (3,073  m.,  10,083  ft-)  to 
the  Col  de  l'Autaret  track,  below  the 
lake  of  that  name  (Rte.  B). 

2.  Colle  Paschiet. — This  is  a  much 
shorter  route  than  the  last,  5  hrs. 
only  being  required  from  Balme  to 
Lemie.  On  the  way  up  from  Balme 
to  the  pass  (2,435  m->  7,989  ft. )  three 
picturesque  lakes,  formed  by  a  berg- 
fall,  are  passed.  From  the  Ala  side 
of  the  pass  the  Torre  d^Ovarda 
(3,075  m.,  10,089  ft. )  may  be  climbed 
in  7  hrs.  from  Balme  by  its  N.E. 
face. 

3.  Colle  del  Tre  Lajet. — This  pass 
(which  takes  its  name  from  several 
lakes  near  the  summit),  2,222  m., 
7,290  ft.,  is  due  S.  of  Ala,  and  leads 
thence  in  6-7  hrs.  to  either  Lemie 
or  Viu,  by  bearing  either  S.W.  or 
S.E.  through  the  Tometti  glen.  To 
the  E.  of  this  pass  is  the  lower  and 
easier  Colle  di  Plan  Fumo,  2,067  m-? 
6,782  ft.  (from  Ala  to  Viu  direct  in 
6  hrs. ),  on  the  steep  and  menacing 
serpentine  rocks  E.  of  which  the 
botanist  may  find  Cerasthim  lineai-e. 
Allium  pedemontanum,  Carex  hispi- 
dula,  and  other  very  rare  plants.  It 
is  possible  also  to  reach  the  latter  pass 
from  near  Ceres  through  a  short  and 
steep  glen,  up  the  left  side  of  which 
there  is  a  faintly  marked  path,  while 
the  hamlet  of  Tometti,  where  the 
tracks  from  both  passes  join,  may  be 
gained  from  Mezzenile  or  Pessinetto 
by  way  of  the  True  della  Dieta 
(1,562  m.,  5,125  ft.) 

4.  Colle  della  Ciarmetta.  — A  some- 
what circuitous  mule  path  mounts 
from  Mezzenile  past  several  hamlets 
to  the  summit  of  this  pass  (1,304  m., 
4,278  ft.),  which  is  a  little  E.  of  the 
True  della  Dieta,  and  is  crowned  by 
a  chapel.  It  commands  a  fine  view 
on  all  sides.  A  steep  path  descends 
the  bare  mountain  slope  direct  to  Viu 
(3  hrs.  from  Mezzenile),  but  there  is 
another,  longer  and  easier,  which 
winds  down  through  a  fine  forest. 


B.  Ala    Valley  to  Val  Grande; 

I.  Ghicet  di  Sea. — This  pass  crosses 
the  ridge  between  the  two  valleys  about 
midway  between  the  Ciamarella  on 
the  W.  and  the  Uja  di  Mondrone  on 
the  E.  The  Ala  valley  is  mounted  to 
the  end  of  the  pasture  plain  of  Mussa, 
whence  the  track  mounts  N.E.  up 
the  Ciamarella  glen  to  the  pass, 
2,735  m.,  8,973  ^  (3i-4  hrs.),  being 
joined  on  the  way  by  a  short  cut  from 
Mussa  past  the  Rossa  huts.  The  term 
'  Ghicet '  is  akin  to  the  French 
'  Guichet 5  and  the  English  4  wicket. ' 
The  faintly  marked  track  on  the  other 
side  first  bears  idown  an  easy  couloir, 
then  bends  sharply  to  the  E. ,  along 
a  natural  ledge,  and  descends  by  a 
great  slope  of  debris  to  the  Sea  glen, 
the  Sea  chalets  being  reached  in 
2 \  hrs.  from  the  pass.  They  are  about 
1 77  hr.  above  Forno,  at  the  head  of 
the  Val  Grande  (Rte.  G). 

2.  Colle  delP  Ometto  and  Colle  di 
Trione.  —  These  two  passes  lead  in 
about  6  hrs.  from  Mondrone  or  Balme 
to  Forno  and  Groscavallo  respectively. 
The  former,  2,600  m.,  8,531  ft.  (also 
called  Ghicet  d'Ala)  is  at  the  N.  foot 
of  the  Uja  di  Mo?idro7ie  (2,964  m., 
9,725  ft.),  a  striking  rock  peak  (acces- 
sible hence  by  its  N.  ridge  in  7  hrs, 
from  Balme  or  Forno),  and  leads  over 
to  the  Sea  chalets  ;  the  Ciamarella 
and  Bessanese  are  prominent  features 
in  the  view,  which  also  includes  two 
villages  in  the  Val  d'Ala.  The  latter 
pass  (2,450  m.,  8,038  ft.)  leads  nearly 
due  N.  direct  to  Groscavallo. 

3.  Colle  dei  Croset and  Colle  oVAttia. 
— Both  these  passes  start  up  the 
slopes  N.  of  Ala.  The  foot  path  over 
the  former  (2,370  m. ,  7,776  ft.)  runs 
due  N.,  and  gains  Bonzo  in  6  hrs. 
from  Ala,  while  the  mule  path  over 
the  latter  (2,078  m.,  6,818  ft.)  leads 
in  a  N.E.  direction  and  over  a 
second  low  pass,  Colle  di  Crosiasse 
(1,922  m.,  6,306  ft.),  J  hr.  distant, 
to  Chialamberto,  which  is  4  hrs.  from 
Ala  by  this  route. 


ROUTE  E.    BESSANS  TO  BALME  AND  LANZO  259* 


Route  E. 

BESSANS  TO  BALME  AND  LANZO  BY 
THE  COLS  D'ARNAS  AND  DU  COL- 
LERIN. 

The  Averole  glen  communicates 
not  only  with  the  Viu  Valley  by  the 
Col  de  l'Autaret  (Rte.  B),  but  also 
with  that  of  Ala,  whither  lead  two 
easy  snow  passes,  each  of  which  may 
be  combined  with  the  ascent  of  a  fine 
peak,  without  any  fear  of  making  the 
day  too  long. 

1.  By  the  Col  d'Arnas  (7 J  hrs.)— 
In  some  respects  this  is  the  better 
pass  of  the  two.  From  the  hamlet  of 
Averole,  ijhr.  from  Bessans(Rte.  B), 
the  track  above  the  right  bank  of  the 
stream  is  followed  past  the  chapel  of 
N.  £>,  de  la  Delivrance  slightly  S.  E. 
to  the  left  bank  of  the  Arnast  glacier 
( 1 1  hr. ),  over  the  gently  inclined  upper 
portion  of  which  the  Col  (3,014  m., 
9,889  ft.)  is  gained  without  the 
slightest  difficulty  in      hr.  more. 

[By  bearing,  to  the  S.  E.  from  the 
chapel  just  mentioned  it  is  easy  to 
gain  in  2  hrs.  from  Averole  the 
Valletta  glacier.  Hence  the  twin 
peaks  of  the  Croce  Rossa  (3,567  m., 
11,703  ft.)  and  the  Punt  a  d'Arnas 
(3,540  m.,  11,615  ft.)  can  easily  be 
ascended.  The  latter  may  be  at- 
tained in  2 J  hrs.  by  its  shaly  N.W, 
ridge,  but,  if  it  is  wished  to  combine 
both  summits  in  the  same  expedition, 
it  is  better  to  cross,  this  ridge  at  a 
lower  point,  where  it  is  nearly  level, 
and  then  to  work  rpund  (if  hr.)  to 
the  gap  between  the  two  peaks, 
which  falls  sheerly  on  the  other  side 
towards  the  Lago  della  Rossa.  From 
the  gap  the  P.  d'Arnas  (to  the  N.) 
can  be'climbedin  50  min.  by  the  easy 
broken  rocks  of  its  S.  ridge,  or  the 
Croce  Rossa  (to  the  S. )  in  about  1  hr. 
by  the  N.  face  and  ridge.  It  is 
better  to  take  the  latter  peak  first  if  it 
is  intended  to  return  to  the  Col 
d'Arnas— 2  hrs.  from  the  summit  of 
the  P.  d'Arnas— or  to  the  Averole 


glen,  but  from  either  it  is  easy  to 
descend  over  the  Colle  della  Valletta 
to  the  Pera  Ciaval  Club  hut  in  \\- 
2  hrs.  (see  Rte.  D.  A.  1.)  It  should 
be  noted  that  the  Punta  d'Arnas  is 
the  Ouille  d'Ar.beron  of  the  French 
map,  which  gives  the  former  name  to 
a  minor  summit  just  N.  of  the  Col 
d'Arnas,  and  does  not  name  the 
Croce  Rossa,  to  which  a  height  of 
3,564^.  (11^693  ft.)  is  attributed. 

Some  way  to  the  N.W.  of  the  Col 
d'Arnas  is  the  splendid  rocky  peak  of 
the  Bessaaese  (Grandes  Pareis  of  the 
French  map),  3,632  m.,  11,917  ft., 
the  Matterhorn  of  the  district.  Its 
ascent  is  not,  however,  very  formidable. 
A.  party  attacking  it  from  the  French 
side  should  leave  the  Arnas  glacier  to 
the  S.,  in  order  to  mount  to  a  small 
glacier  just  S.  of  the  peak.  (If  com- 
ing from  the  Col  d'Arnas  it  is  easy  to 
clamber,  at  its  E.  end,  up  the  lofty 
barrier  of  rock  which  separates  the 
two  glaciers. )  In  this  way  the  rockjr, 
S.  ridge  is  gained  (4  hrs.  from 
Averole ;  about  the  same  point  is 
gained  by  those  coming  up  from  the 
Crot  del  Ciaussine  Club  hut,  on  the 
Italian  side)  at  the  very  foot  of  the 
final  peak.  Hence  easy  broken  rocks, 
and  short  snow  slopes  lead  up  in  1 
hr.  to  the  great  cairn  on  the  first  and 
lower  peak  ;  the  higher  and  central 
summit  is  attained  in  25  min.  or  less 
by  an  awkward  traverse  on  the  W» 
side,  and  then  by  the  ridge  N.  or  S.. 
of  it.  The  view  from  the  top  is  ex.-- 
tremeiy  fine,  particularly  down  the 
precipices  which  seem  to  fall  verti- 
cally both  E.  and  W.  The  lower, 
peak  was  first  gained  in  1857  by 
Signor  Tonini,  a  Piedmontese  sur- 
veyor who  in  1 860  lost  his  life  on  the 
Agnel  glacier,  in  the  Ambin  group, 
but  the  highest  point  (50-65  ft., 
loftier)  was  not  attained  till  1873, 
when  Signor  M,  Baretti  added  it 
to  his  many  other  conquests.  In, 
1889  Signor  G.  Rey  effected  a  new 
route  up  the  N.  ridge,  and  this  is 
recommended  to  rock-climbers,  It 
is  best  to  start  from  the  Crot  del 
Ciaussine  Club  hut  (see  below),  and 

s  2 


260  GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  13. 


LEVANNA  DISTRICT 


thence,  by  a  prominent  couloir  running 
up  from  the  Bessanese  glacier,  to  gain 
the  N.  ridge  just  at  the  base  of  the 
final  peak  (2J  hrs. ),  whence  it  is 
an  interesting  climb  of  2§  hrs.  on 
the  W.  side  of  the  needle-crowned 
ridge  to  the  N.  summit,  the  central 
peak  being  reached  in  J  hr.  more  by 
the  E.  slope  of  the  ridge.  3 

The  Col  d'Arnas  is  a  well-marked 
and  narrow  opening,  whence  a  steep 
gully  and  a  bit  of  glacier  lead  down 
in  J  hr.  to  the  Crot  del  Ciaussine 
Club  hut,  the  way  to  the  Collarin 
d'Arnas  (Rte.  D.  A.  1)  being  seen  on 
the  right. 

[This  Club  hut,  also  called  Rifugio 
Gastaldi  (2,649  m.,  8,691  ft.),  is  in  a 
hollow  or  basin,  and  is  conveniently 
placed  for  the  ascents  of  the  Bes- 
sanese (4j-5f  hrs. )  by  the  S.  or  N. 
aretes,  of  the  Ciamarella  (4  hrs.  :  see 
below),  of  the  Albaron  (3!  hrs.  :  see 
below),  and  of  the  Croce  Rossa 
and  Punta  d'Arnas  (3^-4i  nrs-  :  see 
above).] 

It  takes  about  2  hrs.  (3 -3 J  hrs. 
suffice  for  the  ascent)  to  go  from  the 
Club  hut  to  Balme.  A  slight  ascent, 
and  then  two  debris  gullies  lead  down 
on  the  N.  to  the  bare  pastures  of 
Naressa,  across  which  a  new  path 
guides  the  traveller  down  the  right- 
hand  edge  of  the  deep  cleft  of  the 
Canale  delle  Capre  to  the  level  of  the 
pasture  plain  or  basin  of  Mussa.  At 
its  W.  end  is  the  great  boulder  known 
as  the  Rocca  Venoni>  which  now 
shelters  a  hut  ( 1  hr. ),  and  then  follows 
a  pleasant  walk  over  the  green  plain. 
After  passing  a  small  chapel  the 
path  descends  steeply  on  the  S.  side 
of  a  narrow  gorge,  till  some  meadows 
are  gained,  and  a  stone  bridge  leads 
over  the  Stura  to  Balme  (1  hr. ),  the 
highest  village  in  the  Ala  valley. 

2.  By  the  Col  du  Collerin  (8  hrs.  )— 
The  way  to  this  pass  mounts  steeply 
towards  the  N.N.E.  soon  after  leaving 
Averole,  and  leads  over  grass  slopes, 
stones,  and  moraine  to  the  N.  end  of 
the  E?itre  Deux  Risses  glacier,  over 
which  the  pass  (3,202  m.,  10,506  ft.) 
is  gained  in  4  hrs.  from  Averole,  no 


difficulty  whatever  having  been  en- 
countered. 

£It  is  perfectly  easy  for  a  party 
coming  from  the  Albaron  (3,662  m., 
12,015  ft-  :  see  n^xt  Rte.)  either  to 
descend  from  its  S.W.  flank  and 
reach  this  pass  in  2  hrs.  by  an  easy  and 
nearly  level  glacier,  or  to  follow  from 
the  summit  of  the  peak  the  easy  snow 
ridge  running  S.E.  to  the  Ouillarse 
(3,491  m.,  11,454  ft  ),  and  so  to 
gain  the  upper  part  of  the  Collerin  or 
Pian  Ghias  glacier  at  the  foot  of  the 
couloir  on  the  Italian  side  of  the 
pass. J 

The  view  from  the  pass  includes 
the  neighbouring  peaks,  and  even 
the  Dent  Parrachee,  and  the  three 
Aiguilles  d'Arves.  The  descent  on 
the  Italian  side  lies  down  a  short  and 
broad,  but  rather  steep  snow  couloir 
(which  gives  its  name  to  the  pass,  as 
'  collerin,'  like  c  colour  '  and  '  colou- 
ret,'  in  other  parts  of  the  Italian 
Alps,  is  the  patois  form  of  the  term 
'  couloir  ').  The  couloir  takes  only 
10  min.,  and  then  the  nearly  level 
glacier  is  descended  in  about  40  min. 
It  is  quitted  on  the  right  bank, 
the  route  from  the  Col  d'Arnas  being 
soon  joined  on  the  Naressa  pastures, 
and  followed  to  Balme,  reached  in 
2\  hrs.  from  the  pass. 

[By  bearing  to  the  N.  E.  from  about 
the  middle  of  the  Collerin  glacier  it 
is  easy  to  ascend  a  rocky  step  in  fhr. 
to  the  Ciamarella  glacier,  which  lies 
on  an  upper  shelf.  Hence  \\  hr. 
suffices  to  climb  the  schist  slopes  of 
the  S.W.  flank  of  the  Ciamarella 
(3,676  m.,  12,061  ft.)  to  the  W. 
ridge,  by  which  the  summit,  a  nearly 
level-topped  ridge,  resembling  a  tent 
in  form,  and  recalling  the  Monch 
from  some  points  of  view,  is  attained. 
It  has  been  reached  in  5  j-  hrs. '  quick 
walking  from  Balme  direct,  but  4  hrs. 
are  usually  counted  from  the  Crot  del 
Ciaussine  Club  hut.  The  peak  rises 
a  short  distance  E.  of  the  frontier 
ridge,  so  that  it  is  wholly  in  Italy.  It 
was  first  ascended  in  1857  by  Signor 
Tonini,  and  then  in  1866  by  Count 
Paul  de  St.  Robert,  and  is  now  a  very 


ROUTE  E.    BESSANS  TO  BALME  AND  LANZO  261 


favourite  climb  with  Italian  moun- 
taineers, though  as  yet  but  few- 
foreign  mountaineers  have  visited  it. 
Yet  the  panorama  may  be  reckoned 
as  among  the  most  superb  in  the 
Alps,  extending  from  beyond  the 
Bernina  group  to  the  Maritime  Alps, 
while  the  spectator  seems  to  dominate 
the  plains  of  Piedmont.  A  number 
of  other  routes  have  been  forced  up 
the  Ciamarella.  But  it  may  be  suffi- 
cient to  mention  here  only  two  of 
these,  both  useful  for  those  approach- 
ing the  peak  from  France.  One 
descends  the  W.  ridge  to  its  junction 
with  the  main  frontier  ridge  at  the 
rocky  peak  of  the  Piccola  Ciamarella, 
and  rounding  this  on  the  S.,  gains 
the  Colle  della  Ciamarella  in  50  min. 
from  the  higher  peak  ;  thence  steep 
slopes  of  ice  or  snow  and  seracs  lead 
down  to  the  Evettes  glacier  ( J  hr. ),  on 
which  the  Col  de  Sea  route  (Rte.  G)  is 
joined,  and  Bonneval  reached,  under 
favourable  circumstances,  in  4  hrs. 
from  the  summit  of  the  Ciamarella. 
The  other  quits  the  W.  ridge  before 
reaching  the  E.  foot  of  the  Piccola 
Ciamarella,  and  descends  steep  ice  or 
snow  slopes,  with  a  patch  of  rocks  in 
the  middle,  to  the  Colle  Tonini,  a 
gap  only  separated  from  the  Col  de 
Sea  (easily  gained  thence  by  a  short 
descent)  by  the  rocky  Punta  Tonini 
(3,343  m.,  10,968  ft.)  An  active 
party  making  an  early  start  may  go 
from  the  Ciamarella  to  the  Albaron 
in  3-4  hrs.  by  way  of  the  Ciamarella 
glacier,  the  rocky  ridge  on  its  W., 
the  Selle  d*  Albaron — see  below — and 
the  S.E.  ridge  of  the  Albaron, 
wrongly  called  Pointe  de  Chalanson 
on  the  French  map. 

As  the  topography  of  the  frontier 
ridge  between  the  Col  du  Collerin 
and  the  Piccola  Ciamarella  is  badly 
given  on  the  maps,  and  there  is  great 
confusion  as  to  the  names,  it  may  be 
useful  here  to  give  a  list  of  the  prin- 
cipal peaks  and  passes  on  it. 

(i.)  Punta  Collerin  (3,484  m. 
French  map,  3,442  m.  Italian  map). 

(ii. )  Punta  delP  Ouillarse  (3,491 
m.,  11,454  ft.,  French  map;  the 


Mont  Collerin,  3,462  m.,  11,359 
ft.,  of  the  Italian  map).  —  This 
summit  marks  the  junction  of  the 
ridge  running  S.E.  from  the  Albaron 
with  the  main  or  frontier  ridge.  It 
is  crowned  by  a  huge  cairn,  built 
round  a  pole.  It  can  be  reached  in 
35  min.  from  the  Albaron  along  the 
snowy  S.E.  arete  of  the  latter.  Just 
N.  W.  of  it  is  the  snowy  Selle  d?A  Ibaron, 
a  point  on  the  S.E.  ridge  of  the 
Albaron,  whence  it  is  easy  to  descend 
in  a  S.W.  direction  direct  to  Averole 
(2  hrs. )  without  making  a  detour  over 
the  summit  of  the  Albaron.  The 
descent  from  the  Selle  to  the  Evettes 
glacier  is  more  difficult,  and  takes 
\\-2.  hrs.  (see  next  Rte.  in  the 
notice  of  the  Albaron. ) 

(iii. )  Col  de  Chalanson  (3,327  m. , 
10,916  ft.,  Italian  map). — This  is  a 
broad,  snowy  depression  between  the 
Ouillarse  and  the  Mont  Chalanson. 
It  is  reached  by  easy  snow  slopes 
from  the  Collerin  glacier,  but  the 
direct  descent  to  the  Evettes  glacier 
down  a  very  steep  rock  wall  has 
not  yet  been  effected,  and  it  is 
necessary  to  bear  N.W.  along  the 
glacier  shelf  on  the  N.  E.  face  of  the  Al- 
baron. It  is  perfectly  easy  to  mount 
from  this  depression  to  the  Selle 
d'Albaron,  and  this  is  the  route  taken 
by  a  party  going  from  the  Collerin 
glacier  to  the  Albaron,  or  to  Averole 
direct. 

(iv. )  Mont  Chalanson. — This  fine 
snowy  point  is  the  loftiest  sum- 
mit on  the  frontier  ridge  between 
the  Bessanese  and  the  E..  Levanna, 
and  its  true  height  is  not  far  from 
M.  Rabot's  estimate  of  3,530  m. 
(11, 582  ft. )  It  rises  at  about  the  spot 
where  stands  the  name  '  Mt.  Col- 
lerin '  on  the  French  map,  but  is  not 
indicated  on  the  Italian  map,  though 
it  is  at  the  junction  of  the  rocky  spur 
separating  the  Collerin  and  Ciama- 
rella glaciers  with  the  main  ridge. 
It  is  easily  climbed  by  its  snowy  W. 
ridge,  which  may,  by  easy  snow 
slopes  from  the  S.,  and  by  steep 
snow  slopes  from  the  N.,  be  also 
gained  at  a  point  about  20  min.  from 


262  GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  13. 


LEVANNA  DISTRICT 


the  summit.  Some  writers  seem  to 
call  the  point  at  which  this  ridge  is 
thus  struck  the  6  Col  de  Chalanson,' 
but  though,  no  doubt,  there  is  a  slight 
depression  there  between  the  main 
peak  and  a  snowy  hump  on  the  W., 
it  seems  more  suitable  to  reserve  that 
name  for  the  well-marked  gap  farther 
W. 

(v.)  Colle  della  Ciamarella  (3,397 
m. ,  11,146  ft.,  Italian  map). — This 
pass  is  reached  by  rocks  and  a  snow 
slope  in  20  min.  from  the  upper  part 
of  the  Ciamarella  glacier  ;  the  descent 
is  made  in  J  hr.  to  the  Evettes  glacier 
by  steep  snow  or  ice  slopes  and  some 
seracs. 

(vi. )  Piccolo,  Ciamarella  (3,420m., 
11,221  ft.,  Italian  map,  3,565  m., 
11,500  ft.,  French  map). — This  rocky 
point  is  as  it  were  the  pendant  of 
the  Ouillarse,  since  from  it  runs  to 
the  E.  the  great  spur  crowned  by  the 
Ciamarella  itself.  It  can  be  climbed 
from  the  E.  or  W.  — the  latter  direc- 
tion is  the  best.  J 

Balme  (1,458  m.,  4,784  ft.)  is  un- 
doubtedly the  best  headquarters  for 
mountaineers  in  any  of  the  three 
Valleys  of  Lanzo,  while  it  is  pictu- 
resquely situated,  the  dark  rocky 
mass  of  the  Bessanese  blocking  the  end 
of  the  valley.  Besides  the  peaks  and 
passes  described  in  the  last  and  the 
present  Rtes.  there  are  two  sum- 
mits easily  reached  from  Balme. 
The  Torre  WOvarda  (3,075  m. , 
10,689  ft.),  which  towers  up  on  the 
S.,  is  accessible  in  7  firs,  from  the 
N.E.,  and  the  Uja  di  Mondro7ie 
(2,964  m.,  9,7-25  ft.),  on  the  N.,  is 
reached  in  rather  less  time  from  the 
S.,  W.,  or  N. 

Balme  is  17  m.  by  carriage  road 
from  Lanzo,  always  on  or  above  the 
left  bank  of  the  Stura.  A  gorge  is 
traversed  before  reaching  (2111.)  the 
poor  village  of  Mondrone,  over  which 
towers  on  the  N.W.  the  rugged  Uja 
di  Mondrone,  so  that  the  village  is 
much  exposed  to  falls  from  its  mighty 
neighbour.    Near  Mondrone  is  a  fine 


waterfall,  called  the  Gorgia  di  Mon- 
drone. The  Stura  first  springs  over 
a  ledge,  and  falls  17  m.  (56  ft. )  into  a 
basin  scooped  out  in  the  rock  ;  escap- 
ing from  this  through  a  narrow  cleft, 
the  stream  rushes  at  one  bound  into  a 
dark  chasm,  making  a  leap  of  65  m. 
(213  ft.)  between  perpendicular  walls 
of  rock,  154  m.  (505  ft.)  in  height, 
but  only  10  m.  (33  ft.)  apart.  A 
bridge  has  been  thrown  across  the 
stream  in  this  cleft,  so  as  to  allow  the 
traveller  to  admire  this  striking  work 
of  Nature.  Walnut  trees  appear 
below  Mondrone  ;  a  small  chapel, 
built  on  the  top  of  a  huge  boulder, 
apparently  fallen  from  the  mountain- 
side above,  is  passed,  and  then  the 
prettily-situated  chief  hamlet  of  the 
commune  of  Ala  (4m.)  is  attained. 
The  road  descends  steeply  after  the 
chapel  of  Saulet,  and  runs  for  several 
miles  through  a  rocky  defile,  with  but 
few  and  occasional  signs  of  human 
activity.  Looking  back,  fine  views 
are  gained  of  the  Bessanese  and  of 
the  Uja  di  Mondrone.  (At  the  base 
of  the  steep  descent  a  path  leads 
down  in  a  few  minutes  to  the  Ponte 
delle  Scale,  a  bridge  of  a  single  arch, 
thrown  across  the  Stura  in  a  singu- 
larly picturesque  situation.)  Several 
hamlets  are  passed,  while  opposite  is 
seen  that  of  Almese,  on  which  the  sun 
does  not  shine  for  3J  months  in  the 
winter,  owing  to  its  N.  exposure. 
9  m.  from  Balme  is  the  large  village 
of  Ceres,  on  a  promontory  above  the 
junction  of  the  Stura  di  Ala  and  the 
Stura  di  Val  Grande.  The  neigh- 
bourhood of  Ceres  abounds  in  beauti- 
ful scenery.  To  the  N. ,  2  hrs.  away, 
is  the  Sanctuary  of  Santa  Cristina, 
perched  at  a  height  of  1,340  m. 
(4,397  ft. ),  on  an  extremely  steep  rock, 
and  commanding  a  very  fine  view. 
It  is  much  visited  by  pilgrims  on 
July  24  each  year.  The  people  of 
this  region  earn  their  living  chiefly 
as  nailers,  and  from  an  early  age  the 
children  are  brought  up  to  that  trade. 

The  road,  on  quitting  Ceres, 
crosses  the  Stura  di  Val  Grande  shortly 
before  it  unites  with  the  Ala  branch, 


ROUTE  F.    ASCENTS  FROM 


BESSANS  AND  BONNEVAL  263 


joins  the  road  from  the  Val  Grande  [ 
(Rte.  G),  and  then  runs  along  the  left 
bank  of  the  united  streams  past  Pessi- 
netto.  Just  opposite  is  Mezzenile,  a 
commune  made  up  of,  it  is  said, 
43  hamlets,  some  very  distant  from 
each  other.  (From  Mezzenile  or 
Pessinetto  an  excursion  may  be  made 
in  if  hr.  to  the  curious  and  extensive 
Grotto  of  Pugnet,  for  which  a  guide  is 
necessary,  as  it  is  very  easy  to  go 
astray  in  it. )  Beyond  Pessinetto  the 
road  continues  along  the  left  bank  of 
the  Stura,  and  joins  that  from  the 
Viu  Valley  (Rte.  B)  just  as  this  has 
crossed  the  bridge  of  Germagnano, 
I  m.  from  Lanzo.  The  Ala  Valley 
is  the  narrowest,  wildest,  and  most 
Alpine  in  character  of  the  three  in- 
cluded in  this  Section. 


Route  F. 

ASCENTS    FROM    BESSANS  AND 
BONNEVAL. 

At  the  head  of  the  valley  of  the 
Arc  are  the  two  villages  of  Bessans 
and  Bonneval,  which,  as  headquarters 
for  mountaineers,  form  a  pendant  in 
this  valley  to  those  of  Tignes  and  Val 
dTsere  in  the  upper  valley  of  the 
Isere.  They  were  briefly  mentioned 
in  §  12.  Rte.  B.  when  noticing  the 
way  over  the  Col  d'Iseran,  but  it  may 
be  convenient  for  travellers  to  group 
together  in  this  Rte.  some  notes  of 
the  ascents  that  can  be  made  from 
either,  or  on  the  way  from  one  to  the 
other.  It  must  be  premised  that  at 
a  pinch,  and  with  very  few  excep- 
tions, any  of  these  climbs  may  be 
taken  from  either  village,  though  one 
or  other  hamlet  may  be  more  conve- 
nient as  a  starting  point. 

1.  Ascents  from  Bessans. — Bessans 
is  a  considerable  and  rather  wealthy 
village,  built  at  a  height  of  1,742  m. 
(5,715  ft.  )j  on  the  left  bank  of  the  Arc, 
in  a  grassy  plain  at  the  N.W.  foot  of 
the  Charbonel.    The  inhabitants  are 


closely  connected  in  commercial 
matters  with  Italy,  and  Italian  is 
generally  understood  here.  In  the 
Middle  Ages  it  depended  on  the 
great  Benedictine  monastery  of  St. 
Michel  de  la  Cluse,  near  Turin,  as 
did  the  far  better  known  Chamonix. 
Many  of  the  houses  here  are  adorned 
with  frescoes  outside,  as  well  as  the 
porch  of  the  parish  church,  which 
stands  on  a  mound  above  the  village. 
Close  to  the  church  is  the  ruined 
chapel  of  St.  Antony,  on  the  walls 
of  which  is  a  series  of  most  curious 
and  interesting  frescoes  (unluckily 
rapidly  falling  to  pieces)  of  the 
sixteenth  century,  representing  the 
life  of  our  Lord ;  some  are  still  well 
preserved,  and  deserve  not  merely  a 
visit  from  a  passing  traveller,  but  a 
better  fate  than  that  which  appa- 
rently awaits  them  at  the  hands  of  their 
owners.  Bessans  is  famous  for  its 
blue  cheeses,  but  the  inn  is  very  in- 
ferior to  the  new  Hotel  at  Bonneval. 
For  all  historical  details  as  to  Bes- 
sans and  Bonneval  reference  should 
be  made  to  M.  Henri  Ferrand's  ex- 
cellent '  Itineraire  Descriptif,  His- 
torique,  et  Archeologique  de  la 
Maurienne  et  de  la  Tarentaise ' 
(Grenoble,  1879). 

The  principal  ascent  to  be  made 
from  Bessans  is  that  of  the  Pointe  de 
Charbonel  (3,760  m.,  12,336  ft.),  the 
monarch  of  the  Central  Graians. 
Owing  to  its  great  height,  and 
isolated  position  at  the  end  of  a  long 
spur  projecting  N.W.  from  the  fron- 
tier ridge,  the  panorama  from  the 
summit  is  most  magnificent,  while  the 
ascent  offers  no  difficulties  at  all  to 
practised  mountaineers.  It  is  best 
made  in  5-6  hrs.  by  way  of  the 
Combe  d'Averole,  the  glacier  on  the 
N.W.  of  the  peak,  and  the  N.  arete. 
The  N.W.  ridge  may  be  reached  by 
a  long  and  stony  ascent  (or  at  the 
end  the  S.W.  spur  ascended)  from 
the  Pierre  Grosse  chalets,  in  the  Ribon 
glen,  on  the  S.W.  side  of  the  peak, 
while  the  route  from  Italy  along  the 
S.E.  ridge  is  even  longer  and  more 
fatiguing.    The  ascents  of  the  Pointe 


264 


GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  13.  LEVANNA  DISTRICT 


de  Ronce,  3,618  m.,  11,871  ft.  (6hrs.) 

and  of  the  Rockemelon,  3,537  m., 
11,605  ft-  (6hrs. ),  have  been  described 
in  Rte.  A.  above,  those  of  the  Croce 
Rossa  (3,567  m.,  11,703  ft.),  of  the 
Piinta d'Arnas  (3,540  m.,  11,615  ft. ), 
and  of  the  Bessanese  (3,632  m., 
11,917  ft.),  each  taking  about  6  hrs., 
have  been  noticed  in  Rte.  E,  and 
those  of  the  peaks  near  the  Mean 
Martin  glacier,  on  the  N.,  in  §  12. 
Rte.  K.  2. 

2.  Front  Bessans  to  Bonneval. — 
Bessans  may  be  reached  from  Lansle- 
bourg  by  way  of  the  Grand  Roc  JVoir, 
in  about  9  hrs.  (§  12.  Rte.  B),  and 
similarly  Bonneval  may  be  reached 
from  Bessans  by  one  or  more  high- 
level  routes.  The  finest  is,  perhaps, 
that  over  the  Albaron,  3,662  m., 
12,015  ft.  (wrongly  called  Pointe  de 
Chalanson  by  the  French  map). 
This  beautiful  snow  peak  is  accessible 
from  Bessans  without  the  slightest 
difficulty  in  SSi  nrs-  by  way  of  the 
Combe  d'Averole,  the  Lau  chalets, 
the  Grand  Fond  glacier,  and  the 
S.W.  ridge  or  face.  This  summit  is 
perhaps  the  belvedere  of  the  upper 
valley  of  the  Arc,  and  should  become 
the  Cima  di  Jazzi  of  this  region.  It 
is  easy  either  to  descend  from  the 
S.W.  ridge,  and  then  gain  in  2  hrs. 
from  the  peak  the  Col  du  Collerin 
over  a  level  glacier,  or  to  walk  along 
the  S.E.  ridge  past  the  Selle 
d'Albaron  down  to  the  Col  de 
Chalanson  (see  last  Rte. ),  in  about 
40  m.  Thence  it  is  easy  to  go  down 
to  Balme  or  the  Crot  del  Ciaussine 
Club  hut  by  the  Collerin  glacier,  or 
to  climb  the  Ciamarella^  3,676  m., 
12,061  ft.  (3-4  hrs.  from  the  Albaron.) 
A  party  bound  for  Bonneval  should 
from  that  broad  snowy  Col  avoid  the, 
as  yet  uneffected,  direct  descent  by  a 
very  steep  rock  wall  to  the  Evettes 
glacier,  and  bear  N.W.  by  the  great 
glacier  arm,  which  stretches  like  a 
shelf  along  the  N.E.  face  of  the 
Albaron  ;  the  one  point  at  which  a 
descent  could  be  forced  from  this 
shelf  to  the  Evettes  glacier  is  over- 
hung by  so  dangerous  a  fragment  of 


ice  that  it  is  more  prudent  to  continue 
along  this  glacier  for  its  whole  length, 
some  very  steep  rocks  at  its  N.  end 
finally  allowing  access  to  the  Evettes 
glacier  (2  hrs.  from  the  Col).  Hence 
the  Col  des  Evettes  (Rte.  G)  is 
gained  in  £  hr.,  and  Bonneval  in 
i-J  hr.  more  by  the  Col  de  Sea  route. 
The  descent  by  the  Col  du  GreffUr 
(3,112  m.j  10,210  ft.,  French  map), 
and  a  steep  snow  couloir  to  the  Val- 
lonet  glacier,  is  an  hour  shorter. 

Another  pleasant  way  from  Bessans 
to  Bonneval  is  to  mount  by  the 
Cueigne  chalets  and  Le  Vallon  to  the 
fine  view-point  of  the  Pointe  de 
Mean  Martin^  3,337  m.,  10,949  ft. 
(5  hrs.),  whence  Bonneval  may  be 
gained  in  2-2§  hrs.  either  by  the  Col 
des  Roches,  on  the  N. ,  or  by  return- 
ing to  the  chalets  at  the  S.E.  end  of 
Le  Vallon,  and  then  following  the 
path  over  the  pastures  above  the  pre- 
cipices overhanging  the  Arc  valley. 

3.  From  Bonneval.  —  Bonneval 
(1,835  m-5  6,021  ft.)  is  a  small  mount- 
ain village  in  a  rather  dreary  position, 
but  now  boasts  the  excellent  Chalet 
Hotel,  built  by  the  Lyons  section  of  the 
French  Alpine  Club.  The  Pointe  de 
Mean  Martin  (3,337  m.,  10,949  ft.) 

j  may  be  ascended  hence  direct  by  the 
Col  des  Roches  in  3J  hrs. ,  while  the 
excursions  up  the  Pelaou  Blanc^ 
3,136  m.,  10,289  ft.  (4j  hrs.),  the 
Mont  Iseran,  3,241  m.,  10,634  ft. 
(4J  hrs.),  and  the  Aiguille  Pers, 
3,451    rn.,    11,323    ft.    (4|  hrs.), 

1 .  have  been  noticed  in  §  12.  Rte.  B,  in 
connection  with  the  passage  of  the 
Col  d'Iseran.  A  shorter  climb  than 
any  of  those  just  mentioned  is  the 
Pointe  des  A  rses  ( 3 , 203  m. ,  10,509  ft. ), 
just  N.  of  Bonneval,  and  accessible 
thence  with  ease  in  3-g-  hrs.  by  way  of 
the  W.  or  S.  faces.  Perhaps  the  chief 
belvedere  of  Bonneval  on  the  N.  side 
of  the  valley  is  the  Grande  Aiguille 
Rousse  (3,482  m.,  11,424  ft.),  which 
can  be  climbed  direct  in  about  5  hrs. 
from  the  S.W.  (For  a  fuller  descrip- 
tion of  this  point,  and  of  the  routes 
up  it  from  the  N.  E.  and  N. ,  see  Rte. 
K.  below.) 


ROUTE  F.    ASCENTS  FROM  BONNEVAL 


265 


But  the  chief  ascents  to  be  made 
from  Bonne val  are  those  on  the  S. 
side  of  the  valley.  The  routes  up  the 
Albaron  (3,662  m.,  12,015  ft.)  and 
the  Cia??iare lla  (3,676m.,  12,061  ft.) 
have  been  briefly  noticed  above  and 
in  Rte.  E  respectively.  The  main 
attraction  at  Bonneval  to  the  moun- 
taineer is  the  three-peaked  Levanna, 
any  of  the  points  of  which  can  be 
most  easily  reached  from  the  French 
side  (for  the  Italian  side  see  Rte.  G. 
below,  and  §  15.  Rte.  I).  The 
second  highest  point  is  the  Wester?! 
Levanna  (3,607  m.,  11,835  ^-)» 
climbed  in  i860  by  the  late  Mr.  J.  J. 
Cowell.  It  may  be  attained  by  even 
the  least  practised  climber  in  about 
5  hrs.  from  Bonneval  by  way  of  the 
Lac  Blanc  and  the  glacier  on  the 
W.  of  the  peak  ;  there  is  now  a  hut 
near  the  summit,  built  by  the  Italian 
surveyors  in  18S1.  The  highest 
point  is  formed  by  a  huge  slab,  rest- 
ing upon  a  heap  of  smaller  rocks,  and 
projecting  over  the  edge  of  the  preci- 
pice on  the  Italian  side.  The  pano- 
rama from  the  summit  is  very  fine, 
and  this  very  easy  ascent  deserves  to 
be  frequently  made.  It  may  well  be 
combined  with  the  passage  of  the  Col 
du  Carro  (Rte.  H),  just  as  the  two 
other  peaks  are  best  taken  on  the 
way  over  the  Col  de  Girard  (Rte.  G). 
The  Central  Levanna  (3,640  m. , 
11,943  ft.)  is  the  loftiest? of  the  three 
points.  It  may  be  reached  in  6  hrs. 
from  Bonneval  by  means  of  a  rock 
climb  up  the  S.W.  face  from  the 
Glacier  de  la  Source  de  PArc  ;  the 
top  is  composed  of  two  rock  knobs, 
the  eastern  of  which  is  perhaps 
slightly  higher.  The  Central  Le- 
vanna was  first  ascended  in  1875  by 
Signori  Vaccarone  and  Gramaglia. 
The  Eastern  Levamia  (3,564  m., 
11,693  ft-)>  though  the  lowest  of  the 
three,  commands  the  best  panorama, 
as  it  stands  like  a  sentinel  looking  out 
over  the  Piedmontese  plains,  which 
are  very  well  seen  thence.  It  may 
be  reached  in  5^  hrs.  from  Bonne- 
val by  way  of  the  above-mentioned 
glacier  and  the  N.W.  ridge  or  W. 


face,  while  the  descent  may  be  made 
in  if  hr.  by  the  very  steep  rocks  of 
the  E.  face  to  the  Levanna  glacier, 
at  its  S.E.  foot.  This  summit  was 
reached  in  1874  by  Lord  Wentworth 
(now  Earl  of  Lovelace),  who  found 
a  cairn  on  the  top. 

Few  travellers,  if  they  be  not  spe- 
cialists, will  care  to  visit  any  of  the 
numerous  points  on  the  frontier  ridge 
between  the  Col  de  Girard  and  the 
Col  de  Sea.  It  may  suffice  here  to 
refer  generally  to  Signor  Vaccarone's 
two  articles,  mentioned  in  the  Intro- 
duction to  this  Section,  and  to  give 
the  following  brief  particulars  of  the 
four  chief  summits  on  this  ridge.  The 
Roc  du  Muhnet,  or  Citna  Martellot, 
3,469  m. ,  11,382  ft.,  French  map 
(the  Italian  map  makes  it  3,437  m-> 
but  it  is  certainly  higher  than  the 
Punta  Mezzenile),  is  accessible  in 
4J-5  hrs.  from  Bonneval  by  the 
Mulinet  glacier  and  the  S.  ridge. 
Next  in  order  towards  the  S.  comes 
the  Punta  Mezzenile  (3,458m.,  11,346 
ft. ,  French  map,  3,446  m. ,  11, 306  ft. , 
Italian  map),  5  hrs.  from  Bonneval 
by  way  of  the  Gratid  Mean  glacier, 
and  the  W.  flank,  in  which  a  weak 
point  is  found  -by  which  the  S.  ridge 
is  attained.  The  Punta  Francesetti 
(3,441  m.,  11,290  ft.)  is  on  the 
French  side  a  great  snow  dome,  easily 
gained  in  \\  hrs.  from  Bonneval  by 
the  Grand  Mean  glacier  and  the  W. 
face  or  the  S.  ridge.  Finally  there 
is  the  Punta  Bonneval,  3,385  m., 
11,106  ft.  (Italian  map;  the  figures 
3,858  m.  on  the  French  map  and 
3,451  m.  on  the  Italian  map  are 
bad  misprints),  best  reached  from 
Bonneval  in  5  hrs.  by  the  Evettes 
glacier  and  a  notch  in  the  S.W. 
ridge  ;  a  rather  longer  way  is  by  the 
Grand  Mean  glacier  and  a  notch  in 
the  E.  ridge  ;  from  either  notch  it  is 
perfectly  easy  to  descend  by  one  or 
other  of  two  small  glaciers  to  the 
Sea  chalets,  on  the  route  of  the  Col 
of  that  name  (see  next  Rte. ) 


266  GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  13.  LEVANNA  DISTRICT 


Route  G. 

BONNEVAL  TO  FORNO  AND  LANZO  BY 
THE  COLS  DE  SEA  AND  DE  GIRARD. 

At  Forno  two  glacier  streams  unite 
to  form  the  Val  Grande  branch  of  the 
Stura,  descending  respectively  from 
the  S.W.  through  the  Sea  glen,  and 
from  the  N.  W.  through  that  of  Gura. 
Each  of  these  glens  runs  down  from 
the  frontier  ridge,  so  that  there  are 
two  main  routes  (not  counting  the 
minor  passes  over  the  range  between 
them)  from  Bonneval  to  Forno.  The 
scenery  of  the  Col  de  Sea  is  the  finer, 
but  the  Col  de  Girard  has  the  advan- 
tage that  it  can  easily  be  combined 
with  the  ascent  of  one  of  the  peaks  of 
the  Levanna.  Both  passes  are  de- 
scribed in  Count  Louis  Mezzenile's 
1823  book,  and  traces  of  an  old  track 
are  seen  near  the  top  of  the  Col  de 
Girard. 

1.  By  the  Col  de  Sea  (8  hrs. )— The 
mule  path  across  the  Arc  and  then 
along  the  left  bank  of  that  river  is 
followed  from  Bonneval  to  a  fine 
waterfall,  nearly  opposite  the  hamlet 
of  UEcot,  on  the  other  bank. 
This  is  not  fed  by  the  main 
stream  flowing  from  the  Evettes 
glacier  (which  is  more  to  the  E. ),  but  by 
one  comingTrom  the  small  lake  (some- 
times dried  up)  at  the  N.W.  end  of 
that  glacier.  A  rough  track  leads  up 
from  the  main  path,  not  far  from  the 
right  bank  of  this  stream,  to  the  de- 
pression called  Col  des  Evettes, 
between  the  Ouille  du  Midi  and  the 
Roc  de  Parei  (2-2 J  hrs.)  A  short 
descent  leads  to  the  lake,  and  the 
moraine  on  the  left  bank  of  the 
Evettes  glacier  is  then  followed  to 
its  upper  level  portion — a  great 
shut-in  basin.  '  After  taking  to  the 
glacier  we  crossed  it  diagonally,  and 
then  ascended  the  tributary  from  the 
Col  de  Sea,  keeping  near  its  right 
bank  to  turn  some  crevasses.  The 
last  part  is  up  a  rather  steep  snow- 
slope,  at  the  bottom  of  which  is  a 


bergschrund.  From  the  summit  of 
the  pass,  reached  in  about  3|  hrs. 
from  Bonneval,  the  Ciamarella  and 
Albaron  are  the  most  conspicuous 
peaks.'  (For  the  ascent  of  these  two 
peaks,  and  of  the  Chalanson,  from 
this  direction,  see  Rtes.  E  and  F.) 
The  height  of  the  pass  is  3,083  m. 
( 10, 1 15  ft. ),  and  there  is  a  great  cairn 
on  its  shaly  crest.  '  From  the  top  a 
short  slope  of  broken  rock,  with  some 
traces  of  a  path,  leads  down  to  the 
Sea  glacier.  The  upper  portion  of  this 
is  easy,  but  after  20  min.  the  descent 
becomes  somewhat  difficult.  We  took 
to  the  moraine  on  the  left  bank  to 
avoid  the  upper  icefall  ;  after  10 
min.  we  returned  to  the  ice,  and  left 
it  again  after  20  min.  more  for  the 
rocks  on  the  left  bank,  to  clear  the 
lower  icefall,  returning  once  again  to 
the  ice  after  \  hr.  The  final  descent 
was  by  a  steep  snow  slope.  Below 
the  glacier  we  descended  rough  stone 
slopes  and  rocks,  scrambled  down  by 
a  small  cascade,  crossed  more  stony 
slopes,  and  ascending  coarse  turf  on 
the  left  bank  of  the  torrent  came  to  an 
empty  chalet.  The  track  here  as- 
cended slightly  till  we  came  out  on  a 
sort  of  bluff ;  after  a  little  searching 
a  sheep  track  was  found  to  lead  by 
some  steep  rocks  to  the  level  of  the 
valley,  and  to  the  Sea  chalets.' 
(T.  G.  B.,  1864.)  (Mr.  Nichols,  in 
1866,  hit  on  the  true  course  on  the 
rocks  above  the  end  of  the  glacier, 
by  noticing  some  stones  built  up  into 
a  step  or  wall  on  the  N.  side  of  the 
glacier  near  its  foot. )  The  Piatou  and 
Gias  nuovo  huts  are  passed  between 
leaving  the  glacier  (if  hr.  from  the 
pass)  and  the  Sea  chalets,  1,854 
m.,  6,083  ft-  il  hr.),  in  a  green 
basin.  A  stony  path  (said  to  be 
now  a  mule  path)  leads  from  the  Sea 
chalets  at  first  along  the  right  bank 
of  the  torrent,  then  along  the  left 
bank,  through  very  fine  scenery  and  a 
savage  gorge,  to  Forno  in  I J  hr. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  Girard  ( 7J  hrs. ) — 
The  same  track  as  for  the  Col  de  Sea 
is  followed  from  Bonneval,  but  should 
not  be  quitted,  as  for  that  Col.  The 


ROUTE  G.    BONNEVAL  TO  FORNO  AND  LANZO  267 


mule  path  continues  along  the  left 
bank  of  the  Arc  till  it  crosses  ( 1  hr. ) 
by  a  bridge  just  under  the  poor 
hamlet  of  VEcot.  The  path  then 
runs  along  the  pasture  valley  to  the 
chalets  of  Dnis  (J  hr. ),  where  the 
Arc  is  crossed  once  more,  and  grassy 
slopes,  stones,  and  moraine  are 
mounted  in  an  E.  direction  to  the 
right  edge  of  the  Source  de  VArc  glacier 
flj  hr. ).  \\  hr.  or  less  suffices  to 
traverse  this  nearly  level  glacier  to 
the  pass  (3,044  m.,  9,987  ft.),  which 
is  the  left-hand  one  of  two  notches 
divided  by  a  rocky  tooth.  Besides 
the  view  of  the  Levanna  and  the 
Mont  Pourri,  there  is  a  fine  prospect 
over  the  Val  Grande  and  the  Pied- 
montese  plains  as  far  as  Turin  itself. 

[From  the  Col,  or  on  the  way  to  it, 
it  is  easy  to  climb  in  1  J-2  hrs.  either 
the  Central  Levanna  (3,640  m., 
11,943  ft.)  by  its  S.W.  face,  or  the 
Eastern  Levanna  (3,564  m.,  11,693 
ft. )  by  its  N.  W.  ridge  or  W.  face.  3 

A  little  to  the  N.E.  of  the  Col  is  a 
Cairn  (near  which  there  are  traces  of 
an  old  path  which  is  believed  to  have 
crossed  this  pass  in  olden  days), 
whence  the  descent  can  be  made  by  a 
rocky  ridge,  on  the  N.E.  of  the  steep 
snow  gully  or  slope  called  the 
8  Talancia,'  which  leads  direct  from  the 
lowest  depression.  This  gully  is  the 
shortest  way  when  there  is  no  ice,  or 
the  snow  is  not  too  hard,  in  which  case 
the  rocks  can  be  used.  At  the  foot  of 
the  1  Talancia '  it  is  necessary  to  keep 
along  the  left  bank  of  a  ravine, 
to  follow  a  course  parallel  to  the  main 
ridge,  and  then  to  bear  to  the  left  over 
a  series  of  rock-strewn  knolls  to  the 
Gran  Plan  and  Gias  Milon  huts. 
Below  the  latter  is  a  small  grassy 
plain,  on  which  the  path  coming  on 
the  right  from  the  Gura  Club  hut 
joins  the  direct  route  from  the  pass. 

[This  hut  (2,230m.,  7,316  ft.)  is 
near  the  Bra??iafan  torrent,  and  is 
useful  for  parties  bound  to  the  Col,  to 
the  E.  Levanna,  or  to  any  of  the 
peaks  and  passes  between  the  Punta 
Francesetti  and  the  Col  de  Girard. 
To  gain  it  from  the  Col  the  traveller 


must  bend  to  the  right  from  above  the 
Grand  Pian  huts,  and  cross  the  tor- 
rent from  the  Martellot  glacier.  The 
hut  may  be  gained  in  2  hrs.  from 
Forno  direct.  ] 

The  track  crosses  to  the  right  bank 
of  the  Gura  stream,  and  descends 
along  it  till  close  to  Forno  it  passes 
to  the  other  bank,  Forno  being 
reached  in  2 \- 3  hrs.  from  the  pass. 
Shortly  before  attaining  Forno  the 
Lose  torrent,  from  the  Levanna  glacier, 
on  the  N.W.,  joins  the  main  stream, 
and  by  that  glacier  and  glen  it  is 
possible  to  descend  from  the  E. 
Levanna  down  its  E.  face  to  Forno 
direct  in  4J  hrs. 

A  party  mounting  from  Forno  to 
the  Col  de  Girard  should  be  careful  to 
take  first  the  /<?/?-hand  one  of  the  two 
glens  at  the  junction  of  the  Lose  tor- 
rent, and  later,  on  the  little  plain,  to 
take  the  right -hand  path,  if  bound 
for  the  Col  and  not  the  Club  hut. 

Forno  (often  called  Forno- Alpi- 
Graie,  to  distinguish  it  from  other 
places  of  the  same  or  similar  names), 
1,226  m.,  4,022  ft.,  is  a  little  village 
prettily  situated  amidst  green  fields, 
but  containing,  perhaps,  the  very  worst 
inn  in  the  Alps.  The  head  of  the  Val 
Grande  seen  hence  is  an  amphitheatre, 
surrounded  by  very  steep  crags, 
streaked  with  snow,  and  seemingly 
inaccessible.  The  Gura  glen,  to  the 
N.W. ,  is  well  seen,  but  the  far  longer 
and  important,  though  narrow  one  of 
Sea,  on  the  S.W.,  remains  hidden. 
At  the  entrance  of  the  Sea  glen,  and 
J  hr.  from  Forno,  is  the  Sanctuary  of 
the  Madonna  del  Forno  (1,332  m,, 
4,370  ft. )  It  commands  a  noble  view 
of  the  wall  of  rock  and  glacier  which 
encloses  the  head  of  the  valley,  and  is 
placed  in  the  midst  of  a  grove  of  fine 
beech,  sycamore,  and  ash  trees,  spared 
by  the  woodcutter's  axe,  which  has 
otherwise  so  devastated  the  valley. 

The  upper  part  of  the  Val  Grande 
has  frequently  suffered  from  formid- 
able landslips,  similar  in  their  nature 
and  cause  to  that  of  the  Rossberg  in 
Switzerland  in  1806.  There  was  a 
I  terrible  fall  of  this  kind  from  a  cliff 


268  GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  13. 


LEVANNA  DISTRICT 


N.  of  Forno  in  1640,  and  there  is  still 
danger  of  such  falls  after  prolonged 
rain.  A  frightful  fall  took  place  in 
the  Val  Grande  on  June  2,  1789,  and 
is  described  in  the  '  Memoires '  of  the 
Academy  of  Sciences  of  Turin  by 
Count  Amadee  de  Ponsillon  ;  a  full 
abstract  of  this  paper  is  given  in 
Count  Louis  Mezzenile's  1823  book. 

Forno  is  17^  m.  by  carriage  road 
from  Lanzo,  the  road  running  along 
the  left  bank  of  the  Stura.  2  m.  below 
Forno  is  Groscavallo,  the  chief  village 
of  the  Val  Grande.  The  high  snowy 
range  enclosing  the  valley  is  very  well 
seen  hence,  and  contrasts  finely  with 
the  green  pastures  of  the  foreground. 
Walnut  trees  grow  here,  and  extend 
even  as  far  as  Forno.  At  Bonzo, 
2\  m.  lower  down,  the  mountains  open 
out,  but  the  snowy  summits  are  still 
seen  for  a  little  while  after  passing 
Chialamberto,  6§  m.  from  Forno.  Be- 
tween Groscavallo  and  Ceres  the 
valley  descends  very  gently  between 
richly-wooded  slopes.  Many  scat- 
tered hamlets  are  passed,  and  others 
are  seen  half  concealed  amidst  the 
rich  vegetation.  Just  below  Chia- 
lamberto  is  a  magnificent  group  of 
chestnuts,  which  forms  part  of  the 
commune  of  Vonzo,  a  village  perched 
high  up  on  the  left  on  the  mountain 
slope,  whereon  two  earth  pillars, 
capped  by  great  stones,  are  visible. 
Cantoira,  1  m.  below  Chialamberto, 
is  beneath  the  curious  Sanctuary  of 
Santa  Cristina  (described  in  Rte.  E), 
and  then  the  road  passes  opposite 
Ceres,  joining  that  from  the  Val  d'Ala 
(Rte.  E)  just  as  the  latter  has  made  a 
steep  descent  from  Ceres,  and  tra- 
versed the  Stura  di  Val  Grande  by 
the  bridge  of  Mesckie,  about  10  m. 
from  Forno  and  7J  m.  from  Lanzo. 

Although,  for  practical  reasons,  it 
has  been  found  convenient  in  these 
pages  to  describe  the  Stura  di  Val 
Grande  as  uniting  with  the  two  other 
branches  of  that  river,  it  should  be 
borne  in  mind  that  the  Val  Grande 
branch  is  usually  reckoned  as  the 
main  stream,  into  which  flow  those 
from  the  Ala  and  Viu  valleys. 


Route  H. 

VAL  GRANDE  TO  THE  ORCO 
VALLEY. 

In  order  to  complete  the  account 
of  the  Val  Grande  given  in  the  last 
Rte.  it  seems  most  convenient  to 
insert  here  a  short  notice  of  the  prin- 
cipal passes  which  lead  thence  over 
to  the  Oreo  Valley  (§  15.  Rte.  I),  as 
in  Rte.  D.  above,  we  described  those 
giving  access  to  the  Val  d'Ala  on  the 
S. 

1.  Colle  della  Piccola. — This  is  the 
westernmost  of  the  passes  over  the 
range  separating  the  two  valleys. 
It  leads  over  in  7  hrs.  from  Forno  to 
Ceresole,  and  there  would  seem  to  be 
a  mule  path  for  the  greater  part,  if 
not  the  whole,  of  the  way.  The  track 
mounts  over  the  pastures  due  N.  of 
Forno,  and  then  bears  N.W.  to  the 
Col  (2,705  m.,  8,875  ft-)  (It  can  be 
reached  in  3  hrs.  from  the  Gura  Club 
hut  by  way  of  the  Col  de  Fea,  across 
the  ridge  between  the  Gura  and  Lose 
glens  :  see  last  Rte. )  The  descent  is 
made  in  a  slightly  N.E.  direction  by 
the  Dres  glen  and  lake. 

2.  Colle  della  Crocetla. — This  pass 
leads  in  7-8  hrs.  from  Groscavallo 
to  Ceresole,  and  is  traversed  through- 
out by  a  mule  path.  The  track  from 
Groscavallo  runs  up  the  right  bank  of 
the  Vercellina  glen,  the  last  bit  of  the 
ascent  being  made  in  a  N.W.  direc- 
tion along  ledges  which  produce 
Senecio  uniflorus  and  other  rare 
plants.  The  pass  (2,636  m. ,  8,649  ft- ) 
is  a  narrow  opening  in  a  shattered 
ridge,  and  is  marked  by  a  solid  and 
unusually  massive  pillar,  wherein  a 
small  iron  cross  is  fixed.  There  is  a 
fine  view  thence  of  the  ranges  of  the 
Levanna  and  of  the  Grand  Paradis. 
The  descent  on  the  other  side  turns 
N.W.  at  the  Piano  del  Alorti,  and 
later  passes  through  a  larch  wood. 
There  is  a  short  cut  from  the  foot  of 
the  final  slope  direct  to  this  wood. 

3.  Colle  d^Unghiasse. — This  pass 


ROUTE  H.    VAL  GRANDE 


TO  THE  ORCO  VALLEY  269 


(2,697  m->  8,849  ft.)  affords  a  direct 
route  from  Bonzo  to  Noasca  (8  hrs. ), 
but  is  here  noticed,  as  on  the  way  the 
ascent  of  the  splendid  view-point  of  the 
Ballagarda  (2,939m.,  9,643  ft. ),  to  its 
N.W.,  may  be  made,  and  Ceresole 
reached  over  the  ridge  to  the  W. 

4.  Colle  della  Coppa.  — By  this  pass 
(2,567  m.,  8,422  ft.)  a  traveller  may 
go  in  8  hrs.  from  Chialamberto  to  the 
Oreo  valley  some  way  below  Noasca. 
On  the  way  there  is  passed  on  the  E. 
the  Colle  della  Fore  a  (2,458  m., 
8,064  ft- )•>  by  which  Locana  may  be 
gained  direct  in  7  hrs.  from  Chialam- 
berto through  the  Cambrelle  glen. 

5.  Colli  del  Boiret,  della  Paglia, 
and  di  Praforito. — These  three  easy 
passes  give  access  to  the  Cambrelle 
glen,  just  mentioned,  and  so  to  Locana 
in  6-7  hrs.  (the  two  former  from 
Chialamberto,  the  latter  from  Can- 
toira. )  The  Boiret  ( 2 , 3 1 7  m. ,  7 , 602  ft. ) 
is  traversed  by  a  mule  path,  and  is 
extremely  easy,  but  it  is  an  hour 
longer  than  the  more  frequented  foot 
track  over  the  Paglia  (2,149  m-> 
7,051  ft.),  whence  too  the  belvedere 
of  the  Uja  Bellavarda  (2,345  m., 
7,694  ft.),  on  the  S.,  is  easily  reached 
in  J  hr.  The  Praforito  (2,100  m., 
6,890  ft.)  is  also  much  frequented  by 
the  country  folk,  and  in  the  early 
summer  the  flora  on  the  N.  slope  is 
very  remarkable. 

Rather  to  the  E.  of  the  last-named 
pass  is  the  Colle  di  Pierascritta 
(2,082  m.,  6,831  ft.),  also  leading, 
in  7  hrs. ,  from  Cantoira  to  Locana  ; 
it  bears  no  name  on  the  Italian  map, 
which  gives  its  proper  name  to  a 
pass  to  the  E.  that  really  leads 
from  the  Tesso  valley  (Rte.  B)  to 
Locana,  and  is  properly  called  Colle 
di  Pian  Chiro7iio  (2, 155  m. ,  7,071  ft. ) 


Route  I. 

BONNEVAL  TO  CERESOLE  BY  THE 
COL  DU  CARRO. 

Looked  at  from  the  Italian  side, 
the  Levanna  presents  a  salient  angle, 
projecting  to  the  E.  from  the  main 
chain  of  the  Alps,  somewhat  in  the 
same  manner  as  Monte  Viso.  The 
head  of  the  valley  of  the  Arc  drains 
the  Savoyard  side  of  this  range,  N.  W. 
of  which,  at  the  very  head  of  that 
valley,  is  a  wide  and  well-marked 
depression,  limited  to  the  W.  by  the 
mass  of  the  Aiguille  Rousse,  to  be 
described  in  the  next  Rte.  This 
forms  the  Col  du  Carro  (7J-8  hrs.),  an 
easy  glacier  pass,  and  one  very  conve- 
nient to  the  mountaineer  bound  from 
the  Arc  valley  to  the  Grand  Paradis 
group.  It  really  leads  over  to  the 
very  head  of  the  Oreo  valley,  but  it 
must  be  remembered  that  the  older 
geographers  did  not  grasp  the  true 
character  of  the  upper  Arc  valley,  as 
the  Stura  was  believed  to  flow  direct 
from  the  Iseran  group. 

After  crossing  the  bridge  at  Bonne- 
val  to  the  left  bank  of  the  Arc  the 
mule  path  (as  indicated  in  Rte.  G) 
runs  along  that  bank  for  some  dis- 
tance. Opposite  is  one  of  the  most 
striking  scenes  of  ruin  to  be  seen  in 
the  Alps.  A  tract  covered  with  huge 
broken  rocks,  called  the  Clapier  de 
Fodan,  marks  the  site  of  a  bergfall 
which  is  believed  to  have  overwhelmed 
the  original  village  of  Bonneval.  It 
is  said  that  bits  of  rude  masonry  may 
still  be  traced  beneath  some  of  the 
blocks.  In  about  1  hr.  from  Bonne- 
val the  Arc  is  recrossed  to  its  right 
bank.  The  bridge  stands  just  below 
the  poor  hamlet  of  L'Ecot  (2,046  m., 
6,713  ft.),  the  highest  village,  in- 
habited all  the  year  round,  not  only 
in  the  Maurienne  or  in  Savoy,  but  in 
the  whole  of  France.  Yet  a  little 
rye  is  grown  here.  The  village  is 
built  among  stranded  boulders  and 


270  GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  13. 


LEVANNA  DISTRICT 


magnificent  domes  of  ice-worn  rocks. 
The  path  continues  by  the  side  of  the 
Arc  to  the  chalets  of  Duz's,  2,161  m., 
7,090  ft.  (f  hr. ),  in  a  hollow  where 
the  routes  to  the  Col  de  Girard 
(Rte.  G)  and  to  the  Col  du  Boaquetin 
(Rte.  K)  branch  off  to  the  E.  and 
N.  respectively.  The  track  towards 
the  Col  du  Carro  mounts  N.  up 
grassy  slopes,  whence  a  view  is  gained 
of  the  Source  of  the  Arc,  on  the  E., 
to  the  Lechans  huts  (20  min. ),  where 
the  Col  du  Bouquetin  route  branches 
off.  Thence  a  slightly  N.E.  direc- 
tion must  be  kept  over  glacier-polished 
rocks  and  snow  slopes  to  the  summit 
of  the  Col,  3, 140  m.,  10,302  ft.  (2  hrs. 
from  Lechans,  or  about  4  hrs.  from 
Bonneval. )  The  pass  is  a  long 
rounded  ridge,  whence  there  is  a 
striking,  if  limited,  view  of  the  neigh- 
bouring peaks,  improved  by  ascend- 
ing to  a  point  about  200  ft.  above  the 
Col,  or  still  more  by  pushing  on 
in  2  hrs.  to  the  summit  of  the  Western 
Levanna  (3,607  m.,  11,835  ft.),  which 
is  best  taken  direct  from  Bonneval,  a 
traverse  across  snow  and  rocks  lead- 
ing from  its  foot  to  the  Col. 

Snow  or  ice  slopes  (according  to 
the  season)  of  somewhat  alarming 
steepness  descend  on  the  Italian  side. 
But  by  the  aid  of  some  steps  and  a 
ridge  of  rocks  the  descent  to  the 
more  level  bit  of  the  Carro  glacier 
may  be  effected  in  \  hr.  or  so,  and 
the  glacier  quitted  on  its  right  bank 
in  \  hr.  more. 

[If,  however,  it  is  desired  to  tra- 
verse round  to  the  Col  de  la  Galise 
or  to  the  Col  de  Nivolet,  the  traveller 
should  make  for  the  moraine  on  the 
left  bank  of  the  Carro  glacier,  and 
then  work  round  by  snow,  rocks,  and 
grass  in  a  N.  direction  to  the  Rocce 
huts  and  lake  (f  hr. ),  at  the  foot  of 
the  N.E.  spur  of  the  Cime  d'Oin. 
Thence  a  stony  path  leads  round  a 
corner  to  the  fine  Cerru  lake  (f  hr.) 
Here  the  way  to  the  Galise  turns  due 
W.  (§  14.  Rte.  B),  but  for  the  Nivo- 
let a  further  traverse  past  the  outlet 
of  the  considerable  Agnel  lake  is  re- 
quired in  order  to  gain  (50  min.)  the 


mule  path  about  40  min.  below  that 
pass.  J 

A  party  bound  for  Ceresole  must, 
after  quitting  the  Carro  glacier  on  its 
right  bank,  traverse  round  to  the 
right  nearly  at  a  level  over  stones  and 
across  a  great  broad  gully  to  the  high- 
est pastures,  the  Center  a  huts  on 
which  are  attained  in  J-  hr.  from  the 
glacier.  Thence  a  path  leads  down 
to  the  level  of  the  Oreo  valley  (J-  hr. ), 
20  min.  above  the  village  of  Chiapili 
di  soflra,  where  the  Col  de  Nivolet 
mule  path  (§  15.  Rte.  I)  is  joined, 
the  inns  at  Ceresole  being  reached  in 
2  hrs.  more  (3^-4  hrs.  from  the  Col). 

The  Col  du  Carro  is  particularly 
useful  for  parties  obliged  to  make  a 
forced  march.  It  may  therefore  be 
convenient  to  note  that  the  present 
writer  ( W.  A.  B.  C. )  has  covered  the 
distance  from  Bonneval  to  Degioz,  in 
Val  Savaranche,  by  the  Carro  and 
the  Nivolet  in  just  over  12  hrs.'  walk- 
ing, and  has  reached  Lanslebourg 
from  Ceresole  by  the  Carro  in  1 1^  hrs. , 
the  journey  from  Ceresole  to  Bonne- 
val taking  just  under  8  hrs.'  walking. 


Route  K. 

BONNEVAL  TO  VAL  D'lSERE  BY 
THE  COL  DU  BOUQUETIN. 

In  the  Introduction  to  this  Chapter, 
as  well  as  in  the  '  History  of  the 
Mont  Iseran'  (§  12.  Rte.  B),  atten- 
tion was  drawn  to  the  very  important 
topographical  importance  of  the 
mountain  group  which  rises  between 
the  Col  dTseran,  the  Col  du  Carro, 
and  the  Col  de  la  Galise.  In  §  12. 
Rte.  B.  the  W.  half  of  this  mass  was 
described,  and  an  account  given  of 
the  lofty  impostor  which  was  long 
believed  to  crown  it.  In  the  present 
Rte.  it  is  intended  to  describe  the  E. 
half  of  the  group,  as  well  as  the  sum- 
mit in  which  the  whole  group  actually 
culminates.      This  is    the  Grande 


ROUTE  K.    BONNEVAL  TO  VAL  D'ISERE 


271 


Aiguille  Rousse  ( 3 , 482  m. ,  11, 424  ft. ), 

rising  near  its  E.  extremity,  and  first 
climbed  in  1878  by  M.  E.  Rochat. 
But  it  is  to  M.  Henri  Ferrand  that 
we  owe  the  first  exploration  (in  1877) 
of  this  part  of  the  group,  and  for  fur- 
ther details  than  space  allows  us  to 
give  here  reference  should  be  made  to 
his  classical  paper  '  La  Cirne  d'Oin,' 
originally  published  in  the  1 5th  vol. 
(1888)  of  the  e  Annuaire  du  Club  Alpin 
Francais,'  and  reprinted  in  his  book 
*  La  Frontiere  Franco- Italienne  3 
{1894),  which  has  been  already  men- 
tioned several  times  in  these  pages. 
The  E.  bit  of  this  group  may  be  said 
to  extend  from  the  Col  du  Montet,  E. 
{not  W.,  as  shown  on  the  French 
map)  of  the  Roche  Noire,  to  the  Col 
du  Bouquetin,  just  W.  of  the  snow 
hump  (3,310m.,  10,860  ft.)  which 
marks  the  actual  point  of  junction  of 
the  great  mountain  mass  between  the 
Maurienne  and  the  Tarentaise  with 
the  watershed  ridge  running  from 
the  Col  du  Carro  to  the  Col  de  la 
Galise.  On  the  S.  side  of  this  group 
there  are  only  patches  of  snow,  but 
no  glacier.  On  its  N.  slope,  how- 
ever, there  is  a  considerable  glacier, 
which  covers  the  whole  of  that  slope, 
is  divided  at  its  upper  end  into  two 
bays  by  the  N.  spur  of  the  Grande 
Aiguille  Rousse,  and,  while  sending 
its  principal  stream  in  a  N.W.  direc- 
tion towards  the  Isere  valley,  whence 
the  Isere  issues  from  it,  continues 
along  the  W.  slope  of  the  watershed 
till  it  joins  the  Galise  glacier.  The 
French  map  gives  the  name  of  Glacier . 
du  Col  de  la  Vache  to  this  extensive 
glacier,  but  it  is  also  known  by  the 
far  more  appropriate  name  of  Glacier 
des  Sources  de  P  Isere,  which  will  be 
adopted  in  these  pages. 

There  are  at  least  three  points  at 
which  this  group  may  be  crossed 
from  N.  to  S.  Furthest  to  the  W.  is 
the  Col  du  Montet,  by  which  3  hrs. 
or  so  are  required  from  the  chalets  of 
Duis  (if  hr.  from  Bonneval)  to  the 
Col  de  la  Galise  ;  the  Roche  Noire, 
3,301  m.,  10,831  ft.,  on  the  W.,  may 
be  climbed  in  20  min.  from  the  Col) ; 


and  next  comes  the  direct  passage  over 
the  Petite  Aiguille  Rousse,  3,434  m., 
11,267  ft-  (best  gained  along  the 
ridge  in  20  min.  from  the  Grande 
Aiguille),  the  descent  in  both  cases 
lying  for  the  first  portion  down  the 
W.  bay  of  the  great  glacier  already 
mentioned. 

The  third  manner  of  crossing  the 
group  is  topographically  the  most  im- 
portant, and  by  far  the  most  interesting 
— theColduBouquetin(7jhrs.).  This 
pass  is  reached  without  any  difficulty 
from  the  Duis  chalets  in  2f  hrs.  by 
grass,  stones,  the  gap  between  the 
Grande  Aiguille  Rousse  and  the 
Aiguille  de  Gontiere,  and  a  conspicu- 
ous snow  couloir.  Its  height  is  about 
3,300  m.  (10,827  ft.)  To  the  E. 
there  is  the  snowy  hump  (3,310  m., 
10,860  ft. ),  only  a  few  feet  higher  than 
the  Col,  which  marks  the  point  of 
junction  of  the  group  with  the  water- 
shed, but  to  the  W.  rises  the  monarch 
of  the  entire  group  between  the  Cols 
dTseran,  de  la  Galise,  and  de  Bou- 
quetin—  the  Grande  Aiguille  Rousse 
(3,482  m.,  11,424  ft.)  No  one  cross- 
ing the  pass  on  a  fine  day  should 
omit  to  climb  this  summit,  easily 
gained  in  f  hr.  by  the  N.  E.  ridge  ;  it 
may  also  be  attained  in  5  hrs.  by  its 
S.W.  slope  from  Bonneval  direct,  or 
in  1  hr.  by  climbing  up  the  entire 
length  of  its  N.  ridge.  The  view 
from  the  top  is  most  extensive,  and 
this  point,  as  yet  but  little  known, 
ranks  as  one  of  the  finest  belvederes 
in  the  Central  Graian  chain. 

Hence  the  frontier  ridge  as  far  as 
the  Col  de  la  Galise  may  be  well 
studied.  It  consists  of  an  easy  rock 
and  snow  ridge  which  alternately  de- 
scends to  form  depressions  or  passes, 
and  rises  to  form  small  peaks,  there 
being  312  m.  (1,024  ft.)  fall  from 
the  snowy  hump  to  the  Col  de  la 
Galise.  The  first  depression  is  the 
Col  dOin  (3,230  m.,  10,598  ft.), 
whence  an  easy  glacier  (around  the 
rocky  point,  wholly  in  Italy,  which 
the  Italian  maps  name  Cima  d'Oin, 
3,184  m.,  10,447  ft.)  leads  down  in 
rather  over  1  hr.  to  the  route  of  the 


GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  13.  LEV  ANN  A  DISTRICT 


Col  du  Carro  (Rte.  I),  below  the 
Carro  glacier.  The  ridge  then  rises 
in  a  blunt,  shaly  summit,  the  true 
CtmecTOin  (3,277  m.,  10,752  ft.), 
though  called  Cime  de  la  Vache  by 
both  maps  ;  it  is  easily  attained  in 
•|  hr.  either  from  the  N.  or  the  S.W. 
Next  comes  a  slight  and  unnamed 
depression,  beyond  which  is  the  true 
Cime  de  la  Vache  (3,189  m., 
10,463  ft.),  the  Col  de  la  Vache,  and 
the  Col  de  la  Louza  (both  variations 
of  the  Col  de  la  Galise  :  see  §  14. 
Rte.  B),  and  the  rocky  humps  of  the 
Point es  du  Grand  Cocor  (3,019  m., 
9,905  ft.),  immediately  below  which 
on  the  N.  is  the  Col  de  la  Galise. 

As  the  direct  descent  from  the  Col 
du  Bouquetin  is  a  steep  snow  slope  it  is 
more  convenient  to  follow  the  snowy 
frontier  ridge  for  a  short  way  before 
descending  on  to  the  perfectly  easy 
E.  bay  of  the  Glacier  des  Sources  de 
Pise  re.  It  is  a  short  hour  from  the 
Col  along  the  W.  side  of  the  frontier 
ridge  to  the  Col  de  la  Galise.  But  it 
is  better  for  a  party  bound  to  Val 
dTsere  to  bear  slightly  to  the  N.W. 
on  the  descent,  so  as  to  gain  the 
moraine  on  the  right  bank  of  the 
great  tongue  of  ice  sent  by  that 
glacier  towards  the  Isere  valley  (40 
min. ),  down  which  and  grass  slopes, 
past  the  Sources  of  the  Isere,  the 
Galise  route  is  joined  in  the  Prarion 
basin  of  the  upper  Isere  valley  (f  hr. ), 
above  the  great  gorge  of  Malpasset, 
about  ij  hr.  from  Val  dTsere. 

Travellers  bound  from  Bonneval  to 
the  Col  de  Nivolet  may  vary  the  way 
described  in  Rte.  I  over  the  Col  du 
Carro  by  taking  the  Bouquetin  and 
Vache  passes  to  the  Cerru  lake  :  this 
route  allows  of  the  ascent  of  the 
Grande  Aiguille  Rousse,  but  is  de- 
cidedly longer  than  that  by  the 
Carro. 


SECTION  14. 

SASSIERE  DISTRICT. 
{CENTRAL  GRAIANS.  II.) 

The  main  ridge  of  the  Graian  Alps 
runs  from  the  Col  du  Carro  in  a 
slightly  N.W.  direction,  and  takes  a 
due  W.  direction  between  the  Pointe 
de  la  Galise  and  the  Tsanteleina,  N. 
of  which  it  extends  due  N.  to  the 
Pass  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  The 
highest  independent  summits  on  it 
are  the  neighbouring  peaks  of  the 
Aiguille    de   la   Grande  Sassiere 
(3,756   m.,    12,323   ft.)    and  the 
Tsanteleina  (3,606  m.,  11,831  ft.), 
the  other  points  on  the  divide  being 
considerably  lower.    On  the  W.  the 
slope   towards   the   Isere  valley  is 
broken  by  a  few  short  glens  only, 
that  of  La  Sassiere  de   Ste.  Foy, 
opening  nearly  due  E.  of  the  village 
of  Ste.  Foy,  being  by  far  the  most 
extensive   and   fertile.     The  topo- 
graphy of  the  E.  slope  of  this  portion 
of  the  Central  Graians  is,  however, 
much   more   complicated,    for  two 
narrow,  though  lengthy,  valleys  de- 
scend from  it  towards  the  valley  of 
the  Dora  Baltea.    Both  run  roughly 
i   N.  and  S.,  and  are  parallel  to  the 
!   Val  Savaranche  on  the  E.,  which 
divides    them    from    the  Eastern 
Graians.    The  more  easterly  of  these 
two  valleys  is  the  Val  de  Rhemes, 
j  which,  turning  at  the  last  rather  to 
the  N.E.,  joins  the  Val  Savaranche 
just  before  their  united  streams  are 
poured   into   the    Dora   Baltea  at 
Villeneuve.    The   more  westerly  is 
the  Val  G-risanche,  which   is  also 
bent  aside  from  its  direct  course  as  it 
approaches  the  valley  of  the  Dora 
Baltea,  which  it  joins  at  Liverogne, 
a  little  higher  up  that  valley  than 
Villeneuve.    These  two  valleys  are 
separated  by  a  long  and  lofty  ridge, 
which  originates  at  the  Pointe  de  la 
TraversUre  (3,341m.,  1  o,  96 1  ft. )  and 
attains   the    height    of    3,608  m. 
(11,838  ft.)  in   the   splendid  rock 


ROUTE  A.    EXCURSIONS,  ETC.,  FROM  VAL  DTSERE  273 


peak  of  the  Bee  de  PInvergtian,  N. 
and  S.   of  which  easy  passes  give 
access  from  one  valley  to  the  other. 
The   E.  boundary  of  the   Val  de 
Rhemes  is  the  ridge  starting  from  the 
Pointe  de  la  Galise,  and  culminating 
in  the  Cima  delV  Auille  (3,446  m., 
11,306   ft.),   which    is    most  con- 
veniently described  in  the  next  Sec- 
tion,  Rte.  I.    Far  more  important 
than  the  last-named  ridge   is  that 
which  separates  the  Val  Grisanche 
from  the  road  across  the  Little  St. 
Bernard.    Indeed,  it  mainly  consists 
of  the  great  glacier-clad  mass  of  the 
Rutor   (highest    point    3,486    m. , 
11,438  ft.),  which,  by  comparison 
with  the  peaked  forms  of  the  neigh- 
bouring   Alps,    may   be    called  a 
plateau.      This    extensive   mass  is 
visible  from  Aosta  itself,  but  is  best 
approached  from  the  Val  Grisanche, 
Ste.  Foy,  in  the  Isere  valley,  or  La 
Thuille,  on  the  Little  St.  Bernard 
road,  its  main  outlet  being  through  a 
glen  descending  direct  to  the  latter 
village.    W.  of  the  Rutor  group  is  a 
short  but  tangled  ridge,  across  which 
lead    many   passes,    but    they  are 
very  little  known  as  yet,  and  this 
region,  like  the  group  just  N.W.  of 
the  Little  St.  Bernard  road,  is  all 
but  unknown  to   travellers  — a  sur- 
prising fact  in  these  days  when  the 
Alps  are   (most    erroneously)  sup- 
posed to  have  been  so  thoroughly 
examined  and  explored  that  nothing 
new  remains  to  be  done  therein. 

Val  d' Isere  and  Ste.  Foy  are  the 
best  headquarters  on  the  French 
side ;  on  the  Italian  slope  there  is 
the  little  mountain  inn  at  Fornet,  at 
the  head  of  the  Val  Grisanche,  and 
the  Club  hut  at  the  N.  end  of  the 
Rutor  group,  but  the  Val  de  Rhemes, 
one  of  the  most  striking  valleys  in 
the  Western  Alps,  can  supply  only 
the  roughest  accommodation. 

Besides  Joanne,  Signori  Vaccarone 
and  Bobba's  '  Guida,'  and  M. 
Ferrand's  book,  all  mentioned  in  the 
Introduction  to  this  Chapter,  two 
articles  by  Signor  Bobba  may  be 
specially  mentioned,  as  they  are  in 
I. 


the  strictest  and  best  sense  mono- 
graphs :  they  deal  with  the  Val  de 
Rhemes  and  Val  Grisanche,  and  the 
ridges  which  enclose  them,  and  ap- 
peared in  the  '  Boliettino 5  of  the 
Italian  Alpine  Club  for  1889  and 
1890  respectively. 


Route  A. 

EXCURSIONS  AND  ASCENTS  FROM 
VAL  DTSERE. 

It  was  pointed  out  in  §  12.  Rte.. 
B,  that  the  village  of  Val  dTsere  is 
now  the  best  headquarters  for  a 
mountaineer  in  the  upper  valley  of 
the  Isere.  Hence  it  seems  convenient 
to  gather  into  one  Rte.  some  informa- 
tion, otherwise  scattered  through 
several,  as  to  the  chief  climbs  to  be 
made  from  this  centre. 

Val  d'Isere,  1,849  m-?  6,066  ft. 
(formerly  called  La  Val  de  Tignes), 
is  the  highest  church-village  in  the 
Isere  valley,  though  there  are  a  few 
hamlets  higher  up  that  valley.  It 
stands  in  the  midst  of  a  small  plain 
or  basin,  which  is  unexpectedly 
fertile,  as  the  height  is  here  so  con- 
siderable, and  at  the  meeting  point 
of  the  broad  Calabourdane  glen  on 
the  S.  with  the  main  valley.  The 
slopes  W.  of  the  village  are  covered 
with  forests,  but  the  mountain  spurs 
on  either  side  rise  so  steeply  as  to 
hide  most  of  the  neighbouring  peaks 
from  the  village  itself.  The  Pointe 
de  la  Galisef  far  to  the  E.,  with  the 
Pointe  de  Bazel  (3,446  m.,  11,306  ft.) 
and  the  Cime  de  Quart  Dessus 
(3>474  m.,  11,398  ft.),' both  on  the 
N.E.,  are  the  only  snowy  summits 
visible,  but  the  Mont  Iseran,  on  the 
S.E.,  and  the  lower  point  of  the 
Rockers  de  Franc het,  on  the  N.W. , 
also  command  the  village.  The 
striking  Dome  de  Val  d'Isere  is  seen 
by  going  a  short  distance  on  the  road 
towards  Tignes,  while  the  Tsante- 

T 


274 


GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  14.  SASSIERE  DISTRICT 


leina,  the  principal  peak  in  these 
parts,   comes  into  sight  at  Fornet, 
hr.  's  walk  up  the  valley. 
1.  Excursions — Perhaps  the  pretti- 
est excursion  near  Val  d'Isere,  round 
which  the  scenery7  is  otherwise  strictly 
Alpine,  is  to  the  splendid  pastures*  of 
the  Grand  Pra,  on  the  N.W.  of  the 
village.    A  path  leads  through  the 
fine  forest  from  the  hamlet  of  Le 
Crey  up  the  Combe  de  la  Thouviere 
to  a  stone  hut  at  the  point  where  it 
splits  into  two  arms  (ijhr. )  By 
following  the  path  to  the  N.W.  the 
grassy  Pas  de  la  Thouviere  is  gained 
in  \  hr. ,  and  \  hr.  more  suffices  to 
descend  to  the  borders  of  the  beauti- 
fully situated  Lac  de  Tignes ;  the 
return  to  Val  d'Isere  may  be  made 
via    Tignes.      But  an  even  more 
lovely  walk  than  this  excursion  is  to 
keep  S.  from  the  stone  hut  over  gently 
inclined  pastures  which  above  form  a 
sort  of  grassy  plateau  (f  hr. )    It  is 
easy  to  mount  W.  in  J  hr.  to  the 
Col  de  Fresse,  opposite  the  Grande 
Motte    and    near    the    Col  de  la 
Leisse,  whence  in  2§  hrs.  the  highest 
or  S.  point  of  the  Rockers  de  Genepy 
(3,157  m.,  10,358  ft.)  maybe  reached 
by  the  easy  ridge  in  2^  hrs. ,  and  the 
return  to  Val  d'Isere  made  in  as  much 
more  by  way  of  the  Charvet  glen,  on 
the  E.    But  a  traveller  who  does  not 
desire  to  make  so  long  an  excursion 
should  content  himself  with  mounting 
in  1  hr.  or  so  from  the  grassy  plateau 
(which  may  be  called  the   Col  die 
Grand  Pra)  to  the  summit  of  the 
Rockers   de    Bellavarde   (2,833  m-> 
9,295  ft.),  on  the  E. ,  whence  there  is 
a  fine  view.    The  direct  route  from 
the  Col  to  Val  d'Isere  (i§  hr. )  is  by 
the  Santon  glen,  but  should  time 
permit  the  traveller  would  do  well  to 
push  on  from  the  Col  to  the  S., 
always  over  pastures  at  the  head  of 
that   glen,    to   the   ridge    {Col  du 
Charvet)  between  the  lower  Rocher 
de  Genepy  and  the  Roc  du  Charvet, 
2,860   m.,   9,384  ft.   (either  easily 
accessible  hence),  and  join  the  track 
from  the  Col  de  la  Rocheure  (§  12. 
Rte.  K.  2)  in  the  Charvet  glen. 


I  N.E.  of  Val  d'Isere  there  is 
another  comparatively  low  group, 
which  deserves  a  visit  from  travellers 
who  do  not  propose  to  ascend  one  of 
the  higher  peaks  in  the  neighbour- 
hood. This  may  be  called  the 
I  Bailletta  group  from  its  culminating 
point.  The  pieasantest  way  of 
!  exploring  it  from  Val  d'Isere  is  to 
!  make  the  round  by  the  Cols  du  D6m* 
I  and  de  la  Bailletta.  To  gain  the 
former  a  steep  and  stony  ascent  must 
be  made  from  near  Le  Crey  in  a 
N.E.  direction,  by  which  a  great 
cairn,  with  a  pole,  above  the  lower 
slopes,  is  attained  in  under  2  hrs. 
from  the  village.  Hence,  by  bearing 
far  to  the  N.W.,  the  lower  or  W. 
summit  (2,818  m.,  9,246  ft.)  of  the 
Rochers  de  Franchet,  the  grand  rock 
tooth  which  dominates  the  basin  of 
Tignes,  may  be  reached  in  if  hr.  But 
to  gain  the  Col  du  D6?ne  (2,800  m. , 
9,187  ft.)  a  good  \  hr.'s  ascent  from 
the  cairn  towards  the  N.  is  required, 
and  thence  the  higher  or  E.  summit 
(2,878  m.,  9,443  ft.)  of  the  Rochers 
de  Franc het  can  be  reached  without 
difficulty  by  its  N.E.  slopes. 

[On  the  way  between  the  cairn  and 
j  the  Col  a  great  gully,  filled  with 
rolling  stones,  is  seen  on  the  right. 
This  gives  access  (1  hr.  from  the 
cairn)  to  the  rocky  depression — Col 
du  Front — between  the  Pointe  du 
'  Front  (2,964  m.,  9,725  ft.)  and  the 
Dome  de  Val  d'Isere  (3,033  m., 
9,951  ft.)  The  last-named  peak, 
which  from  afar  resembles  a  paper 
knife  set  on  end,  may  from  this  point 
be  ascended  in  under  1  hr.  by  way  of 
the  S.W.  ridge.  The  climb  offers 
I  no  difficulties,  despite  appearances, 
and  the  excursion  up  this  bold  little 
tooth  is  strongly  recommended  to 
any  climber  having  an  off  day  at  Val 
d'Isere.  The  return  to  that  village 
from  the  Col  du  Front,  the  E.  slope 
of  which  is  rather  stony,  may  be 
effected  in  ij-  hr.] 

From  the  Col  du  Dome  the 
traveller  has  only  to  mount  leisurely 
for  §  hr.  over  gentle  stone  slopes 
in  order   to   attain  the   Pointe  de 


ROUTE  A.    EXCURSIONS,  ETC.,  FROM  VAL  DTSERE  275 


Picheru  (2,957  m.,  9,702  ft.),  one 
of  the  most  splendid  belvederes  in 
the  district.    The  view  includes  all 
the  surrounding   peaks,  the  Dome 
towering  up  very  finely,  and  extends 
to  the  Charbonel,   the  Ciamarella, 
and  Belledonne,  near  Grenoble.  (It 
is  easy  to  descend  hence  in   1  hr. 
in  a  S.W.  direction  to  the  hamlet  of 
Franchet,  which  is  \  hr.  from  the 
high  road  between  Tignes  and  Val 
dTsere.)    The  proper  descent  from 
the  Col  du  Dome  leads  in  \  hr.  to 
the  Sassiere  lake,  on  the  Col  de  la  j 
Goletta  route  (Rte.  C.  below).     But  1 
it   is   worth  while  to  prolong   the  | 
excursion  by  keeping  high  up  along  ! 
the  slopes  to  the  S. ,  in  order  to  gain 
the   Col  de  la  Bailletta,   2,855  m., 
9,367  ft.  (1  hr. )    The  Point e  de  la 
Bailletta,  3,060  m.,  10,040  ft.,  just 
to  the  W. ,  may  be  reached  hence  in 
-i-hr.,  or  more  directly  (for  a  party 
coming  from  the  Col  du  Dome)  by 
way  of  its  N.W.  spur  (f  hr. )  The 
view  from  the  summit  is  fine,  but  is 
excelled  by  that  from  the  Picheru,  as 
the  Bailletta  is  too  close  under  the 
great  mass  of  the  Tsanteleina.  From 
the  Col  de  la  Bailletta  a  very  rough 
and   steep   descent   leads  down  in 
about  1  hr.  to  the  hamlet  of  Fornet, 
I   hr.    above    Val    dTsere.  The 
entire     round     from     Val  d'Isere 
and  back  by  these  two  passes  can, 
therefore,  be  made  in  5  hrs.,  so  that 
there  is  plenty  of  time  to  climb  one 
or  other  of  the  peaks  mentioned  in 
the  course  of  an  easy  half-day's  ex- 
cursion.      Travellers    are  warned 
against  crossing  either  pass  as  a  short 
cut  to  the  Col  de  la  Goletta  route, 
the  true  short  cut  from  Val  d'Isere 
being   past   Franchet  (see  Rte.  C. 
below). 

2.  Ascents. — No  mountaineer  who 
finds  himself  at  Val  dTsere  in  fine 
weather  should  neglect  to  climb  the 
fine  peak  of  the  Tsanteleina  (3,606 
m.,  11,831  ft.),  N.E.  of,  but  invisible 
from,  that  village.  The  Alpine  his- 
tory of  this  summit  is  somewhat  in- 
tricate and  singular,  and  in  these 
pages  but  a  brief  sketch  of  it  can  be 


given,   those  desiring   fuller  details 
being  referred  to  M.  Henri  Ferrand's 
classical  articles  in  the  16th  and  17th 
vols,  of  the  6  Annuaire  du  Club  Alpin 
Francais '  (reprinted  in  his  oft-men- 
tioned book).    The  Sardinian  map 
confuses   the   Tsanteleina  with  the 
lower  Granta  Parei,  to  the  N. ,  both 
being  seen  from  quite  close  to  N.  D. 
de  Rhemes,  though  the  latter  nearly 
hides  the  former.      The   early  ex- 
plorers of  the  district,  starting  from  the 
Rhemes  valley,  naturally  climbed  the 
lower  peak,  under  the  impression  that 
it  was  the  higher,  and  Mr.  Nichols  in 
vol.  ii.  of  the  £  Alpine  Journal '  has 
narrated  the  story  of  the  explorations 
(1863-5)  °f  nis  party.    Finally,  the 
Tsanteleina  was  first  climbed  in  1865 
by  Messrs.   Nichols,  Blanford,  and 
Rowsell  in  6  hrs.  from  the  chalets 
near  the  Sassiere  lake,  by  way  of  the 
glacier  on  its  S.W.  slope.  Unluckily 
the  local  name  of  the  peak  (from 
i  tsante,'  or  '  sante,'  a  word  meaning 
in  the  patois  of  Val  dTsere  and  the 
Val  de  Rhemes   a   gently  inclined 
slope,  as  opposed  to  a  great  wall, 
'  granta  parei ')  was  misunderstood  as 
being    '  Ste.     Helene,'    while  the 
French  map  to  this  day  calls  this 
summit  '  Pointe  de  Bazel,'  its  true 
name  appearing  only  on  the  Italian 
map.     in  1878  Mr.  Coolidge,  when 
making  the  second  ascent,  discovered 
a  much  easier  route,  by  which  the 
summit  was  gained  by  the  N.  slope 
in  1 J  hr.  from  the  Col  de  la  Tsante- 
leina.   But  it  was  only  in  1890  that 
M.    Henri    Ferrand    succeeded  in 
effecting  the  ascent  by  what  is  by  far 
the  best  route,  especially  from  Val 
d'Isere — namely,  from  the  S.  (4^-5  hrs. 
suffice  for  good  walkers. )    The  way 
towards  the  Col  de  la  Bailletta  is  fol- 
lowed from  Fornet,  but  it  is  necessary 
to  gradually  bear  N.E.  to  the  rude 
cattle  pens  on  the  Alp   of  Quart 
(2  hrs.)    The  same  direction  is  fol- 
lowed to  the  glacier  of  that  name,  the 
upper  portion  of  which  is  attained  by 
means  of  the  E.  extremity  of  the  band 
of  rocks  which  separates  it  from  the 
lower  portion  (ij  hr. )    Gentle  snow 


276 


GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  14. 


SASSIERE  DISTRICT 


slopes  lead  up  hence  in  |  hr.  to  the 
depression  at  the  S.  foot  of  the  final 
peak,  the  snow  slopes  gradually 
steepening  till  in  ^  hr.  more  the  sum- 
mit is  attained.  This  is  composed  of 
a  ridge  of  some  length,  the  E.  end  of 
which  is  the  loftier.  The  panorama 
from  this  point  is  one  of  the  most 
splendid  in  the  entire  chain  of  the 
Graians.  It  is  a  pleasant  variation 
to  descend  on  the  N.  to  the  Col  de  la 
Tsanteleina,  whence  either  Val 
d'Isere  or  Notre  Dame  de  Rhemes 
can  be  reached  by  either  the  Col  de 
la  Goletta  or  the  Col  de  Rhemes,  or 
else  Val  Grisanche  by  the  former  pass 
and  the  Col  de  Bassac  Dere.  In 
1893  Herren  Blodig  and  Purtscheller 
went  in  4  hrs.  from  the  top  of  the 
Tsanteleina  to  that  of  the  Sassiere  by 
way  of  the  S.E.  arete  of  the  latter 
summit — a  remarkable  '  tour  de 
force. ' 

The  Aiguille  de  la  Grande  Sassiere 
(3,756  m.,  12,323  ft.)  may  be  as- 
cended from  Val  d'Isere,  though 
Tignes  is  the  better  starting  point. 
From  Val  d'Isere  the  path  between 
Tignes  and  the  Sales  chalets  may  be 
reached  in  I J  hr.  by  way  of  Franchet 
(see  Rte.  C.  b.  below),  and  thence  the 
ordinary  route  followed  to  the  summit, 
or  else  the  S.  E.  arete  from  the  Col  de 
la  Goletta. 

Many  of  the  other  ascents  which 
may  be  made  from  Val  d'Isere  are 
described  elsewhere  —  the  Grande 
Motte  (3,663  m.,  12,018  ft.),  5-6  hrs. 
via  the  Col  de  Fresse,  as  also  the 
Pointe  de  la  Sana  (3,450  m.,  11,319 
ft. ),  5  hrs.  via  the  Col  de  la  Rocheure, 
in  §  12.  Rte.  K  :  the  Signal  du  Mont 
Iseran  (3,241  m.,  10,634  ft.),  4  hrs., 
and  the  Pelaou  Blanc  (3,136  m., 
10,289  ft.),  4  hrs.,  in  §  12.  Rte.  B; 
the  Grande  Aiguille  Rous se  (3,482 

m.,  11,424  ft-)>  5l  nrs->  in  §  r3- 
Rte.  K ;  the  Point e  de  la  Galise 
(3,345  m.,  10,975  ft.),  4?  hrs.,  in 
Rte.  B.  below,  and  the  peaks  in  the 
ridge  between  that  summit  and  the 
Tsanteleina  in  Rte.  C.  below,  where- 
in too  mention  is  made  of  the 
Grande  Sassiere  (3,756  m.,  12,323 


ft.)  and  of  the  Granta  Parei  (3,473 
m.,  1 1,395  ft. )  Of  the  ascents  here 
merely  referred  to  the  Grande  Motte, 
the  Grande  Sassiere,  the  Galise,  the 
Grande  Aiguille  Rousse,  and  the 
Sana  are  particularly  recommended. 


Route  B. 

VAL  D'ISERE  TO   CERESOLE  BY  THE 
COL  DE  LA  GALISE. 

In  the  entire  chain  of  the  Alps 
between  the  Mediterranean  and  the 
Great  St.  Bernard  there  are  very  few 
glacier  passes  which  are  certainly 
known  to  have  been  traversed  earlier 
than  the  Galise.  It  is  frequently  men- 
tioned on  maps  and  by  writers  of  the 
sixteenth,  seventeenth,  and  eighteenth 
centuries  ;  it  was  visited  between  1825 
and  1836  by  Mr.  Brockedon,  and 
crossed  in  1843  by  Mr.  Malkin,  while 
it  is  at  the  present  day  often  traversed 
by  the  country  folk  with  flocks  of 
sheep.  The  ancient  forms  of  its 
name  are  'Gales'  and  '  Cales,' 
'  Galet '  and  '  Galest. '  Even  now  it 
is  to  some  extent  a  smugglers'  pass, 
and  offers  no  difficulties  of  any  kind 
to  a  moderately  experienced  moun- 
taineer, while  it  affords  a  very  direct 
route  from  the  head  of  the  valley  of 
the  Isere  to  that  of  the  Oreo  (7j-7f 
hrs. ) 

The  Iseran  char  road  is  followed 
from  Val  d'Isere  as  far  as  the  last 
hamlet,  that  of  Fornet  [\  hr. ),  whence 
a  mule  track  along  the  right  bank  of 
the  Isere  leads  past  the  chalets  of  St. 
Charles,  and  through  the  striking 
though  gloomy  gorge  of  Malpasset 
(the  path  here  crumbles  away  much) 
to  the  green  pasture  basin  of  Prarion 
(2  hrs.  from  Val  d'Isere),  one  of  the 
shepherds'  huts  in  which  is  now  (in 
part)  a  Club  hut.  Hence  the  Sources 
of  the  Isere  are  well  seen,  and  here 
our  way  parts  from  that  over  the  Col 
du   Bouquetin  to  Bonneval  (§  13. 


ROUTE  B.    VAL  DTSERE  TO  CERESOLE 


277 


Rte.  K).  A  well-marked  path  runs 
hence  in  a  N.E.  direction  up  the 
right  bank  of  the  Niclet  torrent.  The 
traveller  may  either  continue  up  this 
ravine  and  by  moraine  gain  the  nearly 
level  Galise  glacier,  which  is  traversed 
to  the  Col,  or  may  bear  to  the 
S.E.  across  the  torrent  to  another 
track  which  mounts  the  grassy  and 
rocky  barrier  to  the  S.  of  that 
glacier,  and  gives  access  to  the  Col 
after  a  few  minutes  only  on  the 
ice.  In  either  case  if-2  hrs.  suffice 
to  go  from  the  Club  hut  to  the  Col 
(2,998  m.,  9,836  ft.),  a  narrow  open- 
ing marked  by  two  wooden  crosses, 
one  on  each  side  of  the  frontier.  The 
view  from  the  pass  itself  is  limited  to 
the  mass  of  the  Levanna,  though  the 
Paradis  group  soon  comes  into  sight. 

[No  traveller  who  passes  here  in 
fine  weather  should  neglect  to  make 
the  ascent  of  the  Pointe  de  la  Galise  ! 
(3,345  m.,  10,975  ft.),  just  to  theN.  of 
the  Col,  as  it  commands  a  most  mar- 
vellous panorama,  while  it  is  the 
'  Mont  Iseran '  of  several  old  maps 
(see  §  12.  Rte.  B).  The  ascent  is 
very  easily  made  in  about  1  hr.  by 
descending  the  Galise  glacier  for  a 
short  distance  to  the  foot  of  a  well- 
marked  snow  gully  by  which  the 
schistose  rocky  wall  bounding  that 
glacier  to  the  N.  is  scaled,  and  so 
the  uppermost  rim  of  the  great 
Rhbnes  Glacier  is  gained  ;  thence  an 
easy  walk  to  the  E.  up  very  gentle 
snow  slopes  leads  to  the  mound 
which  forms  the  summit.  As  this 
point  rises  at  the  junction  of  three 
important  ridges,  surpasses  in  height 
all  its  near  neighbours,  and  juts 
out  towards  Italy,  it  occupies  a 
most  favourable  position,  and  the 
panorama  from  it  is  destined  to  be- 
come one  of  the  most  celebrated  in 
the  Alps,  the  peak  being  so  easily 
accessible.  Suffice  it  to  say  that  the 
eye  ranges  from  the  Meije  to  the 
Diablerets,  while  both  Yal  dTsere 
and  Ceresole  are  visible,  as  well  as 
the  Soches  chalets,  at  the  head  of  the 
Val  de  Rhemes.  It  is  easy  to  follow 
the  snowy  ridge  to  the  N.  E. ,  and  by  1 


the  Basei  glacier  to  descend  to  the 
Nivolet  plain  (§  15.  Rte.  I).  A  far 
finer  route,  however,  is  to  descend 
the  W.  ridge  for  a  short  way,  and 
then  to  strike  boldly  in  a  slightly 
N.W.  direction  down  the  Lavassey 
branch  of  the  great  Rhemes  Glacier, 
the  moraine  at  the  foot  of  which  may 
be  reached  in  about  1  hr.  from  the 
summit,  and  so  the  route  of  the  Col 
de  Rhemes  (see  next  Rte.  a)  from  Val 
d'Isere  to  Notre  Dame  de  Rhemes, 
the  latter  village  being  2|  hrs.  from 
the  moraine. 

By  steering  nearly  due  S.  from  the 
Col  along  the  W.  slope  of  the  fron- 
tier ridge  it  is  easy  to  gain  (ijhr. ) 
the  Col  du  Bouquetin  (§  13.  Rte.  K). 
On  the  way  the  openings  of  the  Cols 
de  la  Louza  and  de  la  Vache  are 
passed,  both  variations  of  the  Galise, 
by  which  one  or  both  the  Colourets 
\  may  be  avoided.  But  these  obstacles 
are  really  not  at  all  serious,  j] 

Some  steep  and  crumbling  rocks 
lead  down  from  the  Col  de  la  Galise  in  a 
few  minutes  to  the  Grand  Colouret,  3. 
debris-filled  couloir  (whence  its  name), 
through  which,  or  by  means  of  the 
rocks  on  its  N.  edge,  the  little  plain 
of  Ballotta  is  attained  in  \  hr.  from 
the  Col.  (A  party  taking  the  Col  from 
Italy  should  mount  by  the  left-hand 
one  of  the  two  arms  of  the  Grand 
Colouret,  and  just  below  the  Col 
traverse  to  that  on  the  right,  the 
latter  itself  being  rather  steep,  though 
its  N.  edge  is  quite  practicable.) 
Below  this  plain  the  earth-filled  Petit 
Colouret,  in  which  there  is  a  path 
(while  the  gully  itself — the  difficulty 
of  which  has  been,  like  that  of  the 
Grand  Colouret,  enormously  exag- 
gerated— may  be  turned  by  the  slopes 
on  either  side,  that  to  the  N.  being 
the  best),  leads  down  in  Jhr.  more  to 
the  fine  Cerru  lake,  which  has  been 
conspicuous  ever  since  leaving  the 
Col. 

[From  the  little  chapel  above  this 
lake  the  mule  path  over  the  Col  de 
Nivolet — §  15.  Rte.  I — may  be  gained, 
40  min.  below  the  Col,  by  a  traverse 
I  to   the   N.    in  50  min.,  while  by 


278 


GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  14.  SASSIERE  DISTRICT 


another  to  the  S.  it  is  possible  in 
hr.   from  the  lake  to  reach  the 
foot  of  the  last  ascent  to  the  Col  du 
Carro,  §  13.  Route  I.J 

From  the  huts  near  the  lake  a 
mule  path  winds  down  to  the  level 
of  the  Oreo  valley,  where  that  coming 
from  the  Col  de  Nivolet  is  joined, 
and  followed  past  Chiapili  di  sopra 
to  Ceresole,  gained  in  2^-3  hrs.  from 
the  lake. 


Route  C. 

VAL    D'lSERE    TO    VILLENEUVE  BY 
THE  VAL  DE  RHEMES. 

There  are  no  fewer  than  five  prac- 
ticable passes  across  the  snow-clad 
range  which  separates  the  Isere  and 
Rhemes  valleys,  but  the  topography 
of  that  range  is  so  singular  that  some 
account  of  it  must  be  given  in  order 
to  enable  travellers  to  select  the 
route  they  prefer.  The  strangeness 
of  the  position  is  shown  by  the  unex- 
pected fact  that  the  principal  glacier 
on  the  French  side  does  not  cor- 
respond with  the  principal  glacier  on 
the  Italian  slope,  save  by  a  sort  of 
side  pass  (the  Col  de  la  Tsanteleina), 
which  traverses  the  divide  from  W. 
to  E.,  instead  of  from  S.  to  N.,  as 
the  relative  positions  of  the  two  val- 
leys would  lead  one  to  imagine. 
Hence  we  find  that  three  small 
glaciers  on  the  French  side  commu- 
nicate by  easy  snow  passes  with  one 
enormous  glacier  on  the  Italian  side, 
while  the  main  French  glacier  flows 
from  the  same  neve  as  the  smallest  of 
those  on  the  Italian  slope,  yet  re- 
ceives a  branch  coming  directly  from 
the  snowy  depression  (Col  de  la 
Tsanteleina)  whence  descends  on  the 
other  side  one  of  the  main  branches 
of  the  enormous  glacier  on  the  Italian 
side.  For  this  reason,  and  in  order 
to  clear  up  the  great  confusion  of 
names   which  has   arisen  from  the  J 


contradictory  statements  of  maps  and 
writers,  it  may  be  convenient  to  pre- 
sent here  in  a  tabular  form  a  list  of 
the  chief  peaks  and  passes  between 
the  Pointe  de  la  Galise  and  the 
Grande  Sassiere,  all,  save  no.  11, 
being  on  the  watershed. 

1.  Col  de  Bassagne  (3,160  m., 
10, 368  ft. ).  From  the  Bassagne  Glacier 
to  the  Lavassey  branch  of  the  Rhemes 
Glacier. 

2.  Roc  de  Bassagne  (3,224  m., 
10,578  ft.) 

3.  Col  de  Calabre  (3,081  m., 
10, 109  ft. ).  From  the  Calabre  Glacier 
to  the  Fo7ite  branch  of  the  Rhemes 
Glacier. 

4.  Pointe  de  Calabre  (3,276  m., 
10,749  ft-  )•  Called  Roc  del  Fonte  on 
the  Italian  map. 

5.  Col  de  Rhemes  (3,101  m., 
10, 174  ft. ).  From  the  Bazel  Glacier 
to  the  Centelina  branch  of  the  Rhemes 
Glacier. 

6.  Pointe  de  Bazel  (3,446  m., 
1 1,306  ft. ).  Called  Punta  Calabre  by 
the  Italian  map. 

7 .  Cim ede  Q nart  Dessns  (3,474m., 
n,398  ft.) 

8.  Tsanteleina  (3,606  m.,  11,831 
ft. ).  Called  Pointe  de  Bazel  by  the 
French  map. 

9.  Col  de  la  Tsanteleina  (3,167m., 
10,391  ft. ).  From  the  Sassiere  Glacier 
to  the  Centelina  branch  of  the  Rhemes 
Glacier. 

10.  Pointe  de  la  Goletta  (3,291  m., 
10,798  ft.) 

11.  Grant  a  Parei  (3,473  m., 
11,395  ft.).  On  a  spur  projecting 
N.E.  from  the  watershed. 

12.  Col  de  la  Goletta  (3,120  m., 
10,237  ft. ).  From  the  Sassiere  Glacier 
to  the  Goletta  Glacier. 

13.  Pointe     de     la  Traversiere 
(3,341  m.,  10,962  ft.) 

14.  Grande    Sassiere    (3,756  m., 
12,323  ft.) 

Neglecting  for  a  moment  the  peaks 
enumerated  in  this  list  (all  accessible 
from  the  passes  between  them,  and 
all,  as  well  as  the  Pointe  de  la 
Galise  (Rte.  B),  easily  taken  on  the 
way  from  one  valley  to  the  other),  it 


ROUTE  C.    VAL  DTSERE  TO  VILLENEUVE  279 


will  be  seen  that  three  small  glaciers 
on  the  French  side  communicate,  by 
means  of  the  passes  numbered  1,  3, 
and  5,  with  the  enormous  glacier 
which  fills  the  head  of  the  Val  de 
Rhemes,  and  is  divided  into  the 
Lavassey  and  the  Fonte  branches 
(separated  only  by  an  unimportant 
moraine),  and  the  Centelina  branch, 
which  is  raised  on  a  rock  terrace 
above  the  Fonte  branch.  On  the 
other  hand,  the  principal  French 
glacier — that  of  Sassiere — communi- 
cates both  with  the  Centelina  branch 
of  the  Rhemes  Glacier  and  with  the 
Goletta  glacier,  the  latter  having  no 
connection  with  the  former,  but  being 
squeezed  up  into  the  S.W.  corner  of 
the  Val  de  Rhemes. 

Of  these  five  passes  two  may  be 
dismissed  briefly,  as  the  Col  de  Bas- 
sagne  and  the  Col  de  Calabre  are  really 
variations  of  the  Col  de  Rhemes  ;  the 
former  is  gained  by  the  right  side  of 
the  Bassagne  glacier  and  that  glacier 
itself  in  1  \  hr.  from  the  point  at  which 
the  moraine  of  that  glacier  and  of  the 
Galise  glacier  unite,  while  the  Col  de 
Calabre  is  accessible  over  the  glacier 
of  that  name  in  1  hr.  from  the  point 
of  union  of  its  moraine  with  that  of 
the  Bazel  glacier  on  the  route  of  the 
Col  de  Rhemes.  The  Roc  de  Bas- 
sagne is  easily  accessible  by  snow 
slopes  in  a  few  minutes  from  the  Col 
de  Calabre,  but  the  Pointe  de  Calabre 
is  reached  only  from  the  Col  de 
Rhemes. 

We  have,  therefore,  now  to  describe 
the  Cols  de  Rhemes  and  de  la  Goletta^ 
both  known  and  traversed  since  at 
least  the  end  of  the  seventeenth  cen- 
tury, as  well  as  the  Col  de  la  Tsante- 
leina,  which  connects  the  routes  over 
those  passes,  yet  seems  only  to  have 
been  first  completely  traversed  as  re- 
cently as  1 88 1. 

a.  By  the  Col  de  Rhemes.  (7-7J 
hrs.  from  Val  dTsere  to  Notre  Dame 
de  Rhemes.) 

This  is  the  most  direct  route,  if  the 
start  be  made  from  the  village  of  Val 
dTsere  ;  but  it  is  inferior  in  everyway 
to  the  Col  de  la  Goletta,  and  will  pro- 


bably be  visited  only  by  mountaineers 
wishing  to  climb  the  peaks  near  it. 

The  way  to  the  Col  de  la  Galise 
(Rte.  B)  is  followed  as  far  as  the 
entrance  to  the  gorge  of  Malpasset 
( i\  hr. ),  where  an  ill-marked  track 
leads  up  the  steep  grassy  and  rocky 
ridge   descending    from    the  point 
marked  2,697  m-  on  the  French  map 
to  ( I  hr. )  the  upper  basin  of  the 
Calabre   glen,  which   may  also  be 
gained  direct  by  stony  slopes.  Here 
the  moraines  from  the   Calabre  and 
j   Bazel  glaciers  join.    Leaving  to  the 
I   N.E.  the  way  to  the  Col  de  Calabre, 
;   an  hour's  easy  ascent  to  the  N.  up 
\   moraine  and  the  small  Bazel  glacier 
\   brings  the  traveller  to  the  Col  de 
;  Rhemes  (3,101  m.,   10,174  ft.)>  a 
\   well-marked  snowy  depression. 
I       [Hence    the   Pointe    de  Calabre 
(3,276  m.,  10,749        on  tne  E.j  can 
j   be  easily  climbed  in  \  hr.,  or  less, 
by  easy  broken  rocks  and  a  great 
;   snow  slope,  up  which  many  steps  may 
!  sometimes  have  to  be  cut.     But  a 
I   finer  ascent  is  that  of  the  Pointe  de 
Bazel  (3,446  m.,  11,306  ft.),  on  the 
I   W.,  which  takes   \\  hr.  by  way  of 
the  rocky  E.  face.     As  the  N.W. 
face  of  the  latter  summit  consists  of 
gentle  snow  slopes,  it  is  easy  to  re- 
gain the  Col  by  that  route ;  but  a 
party  desiring  to   enjoy  some  very 
fine  snow  scenery  is  recommended -- 
j   whether  or  not  they  push  on  in  \  hr. 
I   more,  to  the  still  loftier  Chne  de  Quart 
!   Dessns   (3,474  m.,    11,398  ft.) — to 
j  make  their  way  over  those  slopes  to 
I  the  Col  de  la  Tsanteleina,  \  hr.  from 
I  the  Pointe  de  Bazel,  and  thence  re- 
!  gain  Val  dTsere  (3  hrs.),  or  reach 
Notre  Dame  de  Rhemes  (3|  hrs.)  by 
j   the  Goletta  route,  unless  they  are 
j   bound  from  the  latter  pass  to  the  Val 
Grisanche  over  the  Col  de  Bassac 
Dere.JJ 

From  the  Col  easy  snow  slopes 
lead  down  to  the  Centelina  branch  of 
the  great  Rhemes  Glacier.  Thence 
a  traveller  may  traverse  in  a  N. 
direction  the  whole  of  that  branch 
(lying  beneath  the  precipices  of  the 
Granta  Parei),  or  may  bear  a  little  to 


280 


GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  14.  SASSIERE  DISTRICT 


the  N.E.  so  as  to  descend  by  a  steep 
slope  of  stones  at  its  S.  end  the 
rocky  barrier  which  supports  the 
Centelina  glacier  on  its  shelf  above 
the  Fonte  branch  to  that  branch  of 
the  Rhemes  Glacier.  There  is  no 
difficulty  on  either  route,  which  both 
bring  the  traveller  by  the  left  bank  of 
the  main  torrent  in  ij  hr.  or  less  to 
or  below  the  Soches  chalets,  where 
the  Col  de  la  Goletta  route  is  joined. 

b.  By  the  Col  de  la  Goletta  (7J-8 
hrs.  from  Tignes  or  Val  dTsere  to 
Notre  Dame  de  Rhemes).  —  The 
path  from  Tignes  crosses  the  Isere 
and  then  mounts  by  the  S.  side 
of  the  fine  waterfall  so  conspicuous 
from  the  village  past  the  chalets  of 
Le  Villaret  and  Sales,  and  above  the 
cliff  passes  to  the  right  bank  of  the 
torrent  at  the  entrance  to  the  upland 
basin  of  Sassiere.  Here  are  the 
Sas sieve  chalets  (if  hr. ),  where  night 
quarters  may  be  obtained  by  a  party 
bent  on  the  ascent  of  the  Grande 
Sassiere. 

[If  coming  from  Val  dTsere  the 
traveller  should  descend  the  high 
road  towards  Tignes  for  40  min., 
when,  at  a  fine  spring  just  above  the 
great  zigzags  of  the  road,  a  path  to 
the  N.E.  must  be  taken,  by  which 
the  hamlet  of  Franchet  is  gained  in 
20  min.  Hence  20  min.  more  suf- 
fice to  join  the  track  from  Tignes  to 
Sales,  so  that  the  Sassiere  lake  may 
be  reached  from  Val  dTsere  in  2^ 
hrs.] 

Half  an  hour  above  the  chalets 
is  the  Lac  de  la  Sassiere  (2,446  m., 
8,025  ft.),  whose  dull  green  waters 
are  turbid  by  reason  of  the  fine 
glacial  mud  held  in  suspension.  The 
path  runs  along  the  N.  side  of  the 
lake,  with  the  black  wall  of  the 
Grande  Sassiere  on  the  left,  and  then 
ascends  slopes  of  alternate  rock  and 
Alpine  pasture,  the  fine  Sassiere 
glacier  and  the  snowy  slopes  of  the 
Tsanteleina  gradually  coming  into 
view.  The  moraine  on  the  right 
bank  of  that  glacier  is  attained  in 
\\  hr.  from  the  lake,  and  then  the 
gently  inclined   glacier  is  mounted 


without  the  slightest  difficulty  by  its 
N.  edge  to  the  rounded  snow  ridge 
and  broad  depression  of  the  Col  de  la 
Goletta,  3,120  m.,  10,237  ft.  (40 
min.,  or  4  J- 5  hrs.  from  the  starting 
point. ) 

£If  bound  for  the  Col  de  la  Tsante- 
leina it  saves  time  to  keep  more  to 
the  S.  on  the  way  up,  but  it  is  also 
easy  to  bear  E.  across  the  Goletta 
glacier,  and  up  the  side  glacier 
leading  to  that  Col,  reached  in  1  hr. 
from  the  point  at  which  the  Goletta 
glacier  is  struck.  A  few  minutes 
over  snow  slopes  leads  to  the  route 
of  the  Col  de  Rhemes,  while  from 
the  former  pass  the  Tsanteleina 
(3,606  m.,  11,831  ft.)  itself  maybe 
climbed  in  \\  hr.  or  more,  by  the 
snowy  N.  face,  the  time  varying 
according  to  the  condition  of  the 
snow.  \  hr.  suffices  to  go  from  the 
Col  de  la  Tsanteleina  to  the  Col  de 
la  Goletta.] 

1  The  pass  is  one  of  the  finest  in 
the  Graian  Alps,  and  both  in  its 
foreground  scenery  and  in  the  extent 
and  interest  of  its  distant  views  may 
bear  comparison  with  some  of  the 
more  celebrated  Cols  of  the  Pennine 
or  Bernese  Oberland  Alps.  The 
summit  of  the  Col  is  far  in  advance 
of  the  Sassiere.  As  we  faced  the 
Val  de  Rhemes  we  had  upon  our  left 
hand  tracts  of  snow  of  immense 
i  extent,  stretching  towards  the  Val 
Grisancbe.  On  our  right  was  the 
j  Tsanteleina,  and  immediately  in  ad- 
;  vance  of  it  a  most  peculiar  peak,  the 
I  Granta  Parei,  consisting  of  a  tower 
of  dark  rock,  capped  by  a  cone  of 
snow.  On  the  Savoy  side,  beyond 
the  Lac  de  Tignes,  rose  the  graceful 
snow  peak  of  the  Grande  Motte,  and 
the  frowning  precipices  of  the  Grande 
Casse,  while  on  the  Piedmontese  side 
we  looked  over  the  Val  Savaranche 
to  the  magnificent  masses  of  the 
Grand  Paradis  and  the  Grivola. 
Straight  down  the  Val  de  Rhemes  a 
section  of  the  Pennine  chain  is  seen, 
of  which  the  Grand  Combin  forms 
the  central  summit. '  ( W.  M. ,  revised. ) 
[From  the  Col  the  Sassiere  can  be 


ROUTE  C.    VAL  D'ISERE  TO  VILLENEUVE  281 


climbed  in  about  3  hrs.  by  way  of  its 
long  S.E.  arete.  Nearer  and  less 
laborious  is  the  Grant  a  Parei 
(3,473  m.,  n,395  ft.),  accessible  in 
I  hr.  by  way  of  the  steep  but  not 
difficult  rocks  of  its  S.  face  :  this  is  a 
much  easier  route  than  that  by  the 
N.  face  and  W.  slope  taken  by  the 
first  party,  Messrs.  Nichols,  Blan- 
ford,  and  Rowsell,  in  1863,  under 
the  impression  that  they  were  climb- 
ing the  true  Tsanteleina.  Should  time 
not  allow  the  ascent  of  any  of  these 
three  high  peaks,  a  party  would  do 
well  to  mount  S.  from  the  Col  along 
the  snowy  watershed  to  the  Pointe  de 
la  Goletta,  3,291  m.,  10,798  ft.  (20 
min. ),  a  very  fine  belvedere,  just  at 
the  point  at  which  the  Granta  Parei 
spur  branches  off  from  the  main  ridge. 
Another  view-point  in  the  neighbour- 
hood is  the  Pointe  de  la  Traversiere 
(3,341  m.,  10,962  ft.),  just  W.  of  the 
Col,  and  accessible  thence  in  \  hr. 
by  its  rocky  E.  face.  Thence  the 
Col  de  Bassac  Dh'e  (2,984  m., 
9,790  ft.),  at  its  N.  foot,  may  be 
gained  in  10  min.  (this  Col  is  20  min. 
direct  from  the  Col  de  la  Goletta), 
and  so  by  the  great  Gliairetta  glacier, 
the  icefall  of  which  is  turned  by  the 
rocks  on  its  right  bank,  the  Vatidet 
chalets  ( i^-if  hr. ),  at  the  head  of  the 
Val  Grisanche,  if  hr.  above  Fornet, 
the  highest  hamlet  in  that  valley,  de- 
scribed in  Rte.  E,  below,  j] 

The  descent  from  the  Col  de  la 
Goletta  towards  the  Rhemes  valley 
is  not  made  direct  down  the  Goletta 
glacier,  as  might  be  expected,  for 
that  ice  stream  ends  in  a  wild  gorge. 
From  the  Col,  therefore,  a  N.E. 
direction  must  be  taken  to  its  E. 
edge,  gained  in  J  hr.  not  far  from 
the  point  marked  2,840  m.  on  the 
Italian  map,  at  the  N.  foot  of  the 
Granta  Parei.  The  edge  of  the  wall 
which  falls  steeply  on  the  E.  side  is 
then  followed  for  a  short  distance, 
when  a  sheep  track  leads  down 
several  terraces  and  along  the  lowest 
to  the  Sockes  huts,  2,302  m., 
7' 553  ft-  (35  mm-  from  the  glacier.) 
(There  is  a  longer  way  continuing  N. 


to  the  point  marked  2,509  m., 
and  then  descending  direct  to 
Soches. )  Here  it  is  easy  to  descend 
to  the  S.  and  cross  by  a  stone 
bridge  to  the  right  bank  of  the 
main  stream  from  the  great  Rhemes 
Glacier,  and  so  reach  the  arched 
!  bridge  (see  below)  past  the  Lavassey 
huts.  But  it  is  much  shorter  and 
more  direct  to  go  straight  down  to 
the  N.  by  a  zigzag  mule  path  to  a 
bridge  over  the  Goletta  stream,  not 
far  below  the  fine  waterfall  made  by 
it  in  its  descent  from  that  glacier, 
and  to  join  the  Lavassey  path 
(20  min.  from  Soches)  where  this 
crosses  by  an  arched  stone  bridge 
the  main  valley  stream,  below  the 
junction  of  the  Rhemes  and  Goletta 
torrents.  Henceforward  the  left 
bank  of  the  valley  torrent  is  followed. 
The  chalets  of  Bahnaverain  are 
passed  (20  min.),  and  beyond  a  stony 
descent  leads  down  to  the  hamlet  of 
Thumel)  in  the  level  valley  (20  min.) 
It  is  a  pleasant  walk  of  50  min.  more 
to  (3  hrs.  from  the  Col)  the  chief 
village  in  the  valley, 

Notre  Dame  de  Ehemes  (1,731  m., 
5,679  ft.)  This  small  hamlet  is 
admirably  situated  in  a  green  basin. 
At  the  head  of  the  valley  the  Granta 
Parei  towers  up  very  grandly,  while 
over  its  right  shoulder  from  near 
the  village  the  tip  of  the  Tsanteleina 
can  be  seen.  Glimpses  only  are 
had  of  the  other  peaks  and  glaciers 
at  the  head  of  the  valley,  but  the 
amazing  black  precipices  of  the  Bee 
de  FInvergnan,  3,608  m.,  11,838  ft. 
(see  next  Rte.),  just  S.W.  of  the 
village,  seem  to  dwarf  everything 
else,  and  afford  one  of  the  most 
glorious  sights  in  the  Alps.  To  the 
N.  the  Grand  Combin  is  seen. 
Rough  accommodation  may  be  had 
at  the  cure's  house  or  at  the  poor 
village  inn. 

There  is  a  mule  path  down  the 
valley  (12  m. — 3^  hrs.'  walk— to 
Villeneuve)  amid  fine  scenery,  the 
peak  of  the  Grand  Combin  remaining 
always  in  view.  7  m.  from  Notre 
Dame  is  the  village  of  St.  Georges  de 


282  GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  14. 


SASSIERE  DISTRICT 


Rhemes  (1,171  m.,  3,842  ft.)  The 
path  continues  at  a  great  height  atove 
the  1.  bank  of  the  stream,  and  com- 
mands a  fine  view  of  Monte  Rosa  as 
it  gains  a  point  opposite  Introd  (3  m. 
from  St.  Georges).  This  village  is 
built  on  a  promontory  enclosed  by  the 
streams  from  the  Val  Savaranche  and 
the  Val  de  Rhemes,  and  commands 
a  fine  view  of  Mont  Blanc.  The 
char  road  coming  from  Introd  crosses 
the  deep  gorge  in  which  the  latter 
flows,  and  by  two  great  zigzags  joins 
the  high  road  in  the  valley  of  Aosta 
just  before  this  crosses  the  united 
"torrents  of  the  two  valleys  in  order  to 
reach  Villeneuve,  2  m.  from  Introd 
and  12  m.  from  Notre  Dame,  while 
it  is  6  m.  from  Aosta  (see  Rte.  G. 
below). 

The  chestnut,  the  walnut,  and  the 
vine  finally  become  abundant  and 
luxuriant  between  St.  Georges  and 
Introd,  while  the  way  from  Introd 
to  Villeneuve  is  shaded  by  splendid 
chestnuts. 


Route  D. 

VAL  DE  RHEMES  TO  VAL 
GRISANCHE. 

The  long  and  rugged  mountain 
chain  which  separates  these  two 
nearly  parallel  Alpine  valleys  de- 
taches itself  from  the  main  watershed 
at  the  Pointe  de  la  Traversiere^ 
3,341  m.,  10,962  ft.,  and  is  crowned 
by  a  number  of  striking  rocky  peaks 
which  culminate  in  the  superb 
summit  of  the  Bee  de  rinvergnan 
(3,608m.,  11,838  ft.)  This  range  is 
traversed  by  several  passes,  but,  save 
the  second  and  fourth  of  those  named 
below,  these  are  all  only  fit  for  ex- 
perienced climbers.  (The  passes 
from  the  Val  de  Rhemes  to  the  Val 
Savaranche  on  the  E.  are  described 
in  §  15.  Rte.  I.) 

I.  Col  de  B  as  sac  Deri. — This  pass 
(2,984  m.,  9,790  ft.)  was  mentioned 


in  the  last  Rte.  (under  b),  as  it  is 
best  combined  with  the  Col  de  la 
Goletta  to  form  a  route  from  the 
Isere  valley  to  the  Val  Grisanche. 
If  taken  from  the  Val  de  Rhemes  it 
may  be  reached  not  only  from 
Soches  by  the  route  there  described, 
but  direct  from  the  valley  by  a  track 
above  the  left  bank  of  the  Goletta 
glacier,  which  is  marked  on  the 
Italian  map.  From  the  Col  the 
Pointe  de  la  Traversiere  (3,341  m., 
10,962  ft.),  on  the  S.,  can  be  climbed 
in  20  min.  From  the  point  on  the 
left  bank  of  the  Goletta  glacier 
marked  2,857  m.  on  the  Italian  map 
the  Pointe  de  Bassac  Dere  (3,355  m., 
11,008  ft.)  can  be  gained  in  1^  hr., 
or  from  the  gap  to  its  N.  the  Mont 
Bassac  Sud  (3,461  m. ,  11,355  ft.)  in 
1  hr.  ;  in  \\  hr.  more  it  is  possible 
to  climb  the  two  more  northerly 
towers  of  the  latter  peak,  and  attain 
the  Grande  Traversiere,  3,495  m., 
11,467  ft.,  the  highest  point  in  the 
ridge  between  this  pass  and  the 
next. 

2.  Col  de  Bassac. — This  pass  offers 
no  difficulties  whatever,  and  is  a 
fairly  direct  route  for  a  party  bound 
from  the  Rhemes  valley  to  the  head 
of  the  Val  Grisanche.  A  little 
beyond  the  Balmaverain  chalets  ( I  Jhr. 
from  Notre  Dame)  it  is  necessary  to 
mount  over  grass  in  a  N.W.  direc- 
tion in  order  to  strike  a  cross  path 
which  makes  a  great  zigzag  to  the  N.  E. , 
so  as  to  scale  a  rocky  barrier.  The 
way  then  lies  due  W. ,  and  passes 
over  the  easy  Traversiere  glacier 
before  gaining  the  pass,  3,153  m., 
10,345  ft.  (2J-3  hrs.  from  Balma- 
verain. ) 

[The  fine  peak  of  the  Grande 
Traversiere  (3,495  m.,  11,467  ft.),  on 
the  S.,  can  be  climbed  without  any 
trouble  in  hr.,  if  care  be  taken  to 
turn  the  second  great  rock  tooth  on 
the  N.  ridge  by  the  glacier  on  the 
Rhemes  side.  The  view  hence  is 
extremely  fine,  extending  from 
Monte  Rosa  and  Mont  Blanc  to  the 
Dauphine  Alps,  so  that  this  ascent  is 
)  strongly  recommended.] 


ROUTE  D.    VAL  DE  RHEMES  TO  VAL  GRISANCHE  283 


Stones,  snow,  and  a  grassy  plain  and 
slopes  (the  track  is  marked  on  the 
Italian  map,  keeping  N.  of  the  Bassac 
glacier)  lead  down  to  the  Vaudet 
huts  in  rather  over  an  hour  from  the 
pass,  and  thence  it  is  if  hr.  more  on 
to  Fornet,  the  highest  hamlet  in  Val 
Grisanche.  The  Col  de  Fos  (3,302  m., 
10,834  ft),  more  to  the  N.,  is  really 
a  variation  of  this  pass. 

3.  Col  de  la  Grande  Rousse. — This 
very  difficult  and  lofty  pass  (3,500  m., 
11,483  ft.)  is  here  mentioned  in 
order  to  warn  travellers  against  it. 
On  the  Rhemes  side  it  is  reached  by 
a  very  high  and  extremely  steep  rock 
wall,  and  on  the  Val  Grisanche  side 
by  much  step- cutting,  or  by  the  steep 
rocks  on  the  N.  rim  of  the  Invergnan 
glacier.  It  was  first  reached  (from 
the  W.  )  in  1864  by  Mr.  Nichols' 
party,  who  made  an  attempt  to  climb 
thence  up  the  Invergnan  (also  called 
Grande  Rousse)  itself,  being  beaten 
back  by  a  rock  tower.  In  1874 
Signori  Martelli,  Barale,  and  Gorret 
succeeded  in  vanquishing  this  ob- 
stacle, thus  achieving  the  first  ascent 
of  this  magnificent  peak  ;  they  forced 
their  way  down  from  the  Col  to 
Rhemes  by  the  great  rock  wall,  thus 
making  the  first  passage  of  the  Col. 
In  1875  the  Misses  Pigeon  made  the 
second  passage  of  the  Col.  In  1885 
Mr.   Coolidge  reached   the  Col  in 

hrs.  from  Fornet,  and  in  less  than 
an  hour  more  ascended  the  Invergnan 
by  the  easy  schist  ridge,  the  great 
boulder  or  tower  being  easily  turned 
on  the  W.  side.  In  55  min.  the  then 
snow-covered  rocks  of  the  N.  ridge  (it 
is  best  to  keep  a  little  on  the  W.  side, 
and  at  the  end  down  a  debris  slope  on 
the  E.  side)  were  descended  (Signor 
Vallino  having  first  climbed  them  three 
weeks  before)  to  the  rock  crest  at  the 
N.  foot  of  the  peak,  Fornet  being  re- 
gained in  2  J  hrs.  more.  The  N.  ridge 
is  by  far  the  best  route,  and  Signor 
Bobba  in  1888  reached  it  at  the  N. 
foot  of  the  peak,  by  way  of  the  Tor- 
rent glacier,  in  4  hrs.  from  Notre 
Dame  de  Rhemes.  The  ascent 
thence  would  probably  not  take  more 


I  than  1J-2  hrs.  if  the  rocks  (not  hard 
in  themselves)  are  in  good  condition. 
Signor  Bobba,  on  occasion  of  another 
expedition  in  1888,  ascended  the  S. 
summit  (3,585  m.,  11,762  ft.)  of  the 
Invergnan  in  6^-  hrs.  from  Notre  Dame 
by  way  of  the  Fos  glacier,  without 

:  encountering  any  very  serious  diffi- 
culties ;  as  it  is  quite  easy  to  go  from 
this  point  to  the  Col  de  la  Grande 
Rousse  a  fine  '  traverse  '  of  the 
highest  summit  from  Notre  Dame 
and  back,  or  over  to  Fornet,  would 
be  quite  possible,  though  no  ascent 
of  the  Invergnan  seems  to  have  been 
recorded  since  that  in  1888  (the 
fourth). 

4.  Finestra  del  Torrent. — This  is 
the  only  pass  between  the  two  val- 
leys which  is  at  all  frequented  by 
the  country  folk.  There  is  a  mule 
path  as  far  as  the  Torrent  huts, 
whence  a  faint  track,  mainly  on  the 
right  bank  of  a  great  grass  or  snow- 
filled  gully,  leads  to  the  Col  (2,847  m-  3 
9,341  ft.),  the  southernmost  of  three 
gaps  (3  hrs.  from  Notre  Dame).  The 
descent  on  the  other  side  to  Fornet 
(1  hr. ),  past  the  Noava  huts,  is  per- 
fectly straightforward.  By  bearing 
to  the  right  from  those  huts  a  mule 
path  may  be  followed  through  a  forest 
to  the  level  of  the  Val  Grisanche, 
about  half-way  between  Fornet  and 
the  chief  hamlet,  Eglise. 


Route  E. 

ISERE  VALLEY  TO    LIVEROGNE  BY 
THE  VAL  GRISANCHE. 

Many  passes  of  varying  height  and 
difficulty  cross  the  long  range  be- 
tween these  two  valleys,  but,  with  the 
exception  of  the  Col  du  Mont  (to 
which  the  description  of  the  valley  of 
Val  Grisanche  is  therefore  attached), 
none  of  them  is  at  all  frequented. 
Indeed,  the  others  will  chiefly  be 
visited  by  mountaineers,  in  order  to 


284  GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  14. 


SASSlfeRE  DISTRICT 


climb  the  peaks  near  them,  or  to 
take  these  on  the  way  from  one  valley 
to  another. 

The  most  direct  way  from  Val 
d'Isere,  or  Tignes,  to  the  Val  Gri- 
sanche  is  the  combination  of  the  Cols 
de  la  Goletta  and  de  Bassac  Dere, 
described  in  Rte.  C.  b.  for  the  Col  de 
la  Sassiere,  leading  from  the  lake  of 
that  name  across  the  S.E.  arete  of 
the  Grande  Sassiere  to  the  Gliairetta 
glacier,  is  more  laborious  than  the  two 
combined  passes. 

I.  Col  du  Fond. — This  lofty  pass 
(3,509  m.,  11,513  ft.)  was  first 
crossed  in  1876  by  M.  Henri  Cordier, 
and  traverses  the  range  just  N.  of 
the  Petite  Sassiere  (3,653  m.,  11,985 
ft.,  of  the  French  map,  and  3,673 
m.  of  the  Italian  map).  The 
proper  route  from  the  I  sere  val- 
ley is  through  the  Fond  or  Nant 
Cruet  glen,  which  opens  out  at  Le 
Bioley,  and  that  route  is  perfectly 
easy.  But  it  is  shorter  to  follow  the 
route  past  the  Revielle  chalets  towards 
the  Grande  Sassiere  (§  12.  Rte.  B), 
by  which  the  pass  may  be  gained  in 
4tt  hrs.  from  Tignes. 

£  Hence  the  Petite  Sassiere  can  be 
climbed  in  J  hr.  by  an  easy  snow 
slope.  There  is  no  difficulty  what- 
ever in  descending  from  the  Grande 
Sassiere  to  the  gap  between  it  and  the 
Petite  Sassiere,  and  then  in  gaining 
the  latter  summit  (50  min.  from  the 
higher  peak),  and  reaching  the  Col  in 
20  min.  more.  This  would  form  a 
magnificent  traverse  for  a  party  of  good 
mountaineers,  who  might  further  from 
the  Col  continue  N.  up  the  Pointe 
des  Pattes  des  Chamois ;  3,632  m., 
11,917  ft.  (J  hr. ),  and  along  the  ridge 
to  the  Becca  di  Suessa,  3,421  m. , 
11,224  ft-  (5°  min.),  whence  \  hr. 
suffices  to  gain  the  Col  de  Vaudet 
(see  below),  from  which  Fornet,  in  Val 
Grisanche,  can  be  reached  in  2 J  hrs., 
after  a  most  splendid  high-level  route, 
which  would  not  take,  under  favour- 
able circumstances,  more  than  II  hrs.' 
walking.  ] 

The  descent  from  the  Col  du  Fond 
lies  over  fatiguing  schist  slopes,  the 


chalets  of  Vaudet  being  reached  in 
2  hrs.,  and  Fornet  in  if  hr.  more. 

2.  Col  de  Vaudet.  —  This  easy  pass 
rejoices  in  many  names.  The  French 
map  calls  it  the  Passage  du  Rocher 
Blanc,  and  the  Italian  Col  de  Suessa 
or  de  Sarrou,  while  another  name 
used  is  that  of  Col  du  Clou.  It  is 
rarely  used,  and  offers  no  special 
attractions  in  itself,  while  the  neigh- 
bouring summits  can  be  better  climbed 
from  other  passes.  There  is  a  track 
over  it.  It  is  gained  on  the  W. 
through  the  Clou  or  Plan  glen,  the 
entrance  to  which  may  be  reached  by 
pretty  forest  paths  either  from  Le 
Bioley  or  from  La  Thuille  de  Ste. 
Foy.  3J  hrs.  from  either  village 
suffice  to  ascend  to  the  Plan  chalets, 
whence  a  direct  ascent  of  \\  hr.  in  a 
due  E.  direction  by  gentle  grass  and 
stone  slopes  leads  to  the  Col  ( 2,836  m. , 
9,305  ft.)  The  Alpine  pastures  are 
often  covered  with  bright  flowers. 
The  botanist  will  find  here  Draba 
jladnitzensis,  Cardamine  alpina,  and 
other  interesting  plants.  The  way 
on  the  other  side  descends  to  an  up- 
land glen,  with  a  range  of  bold  crags 
on  the  right,  and  a  ridge  of  grey  shale 
on  the  left,  beyond  which  the  edge  of 
the  steep  rocky  slopes  overlooking  the 
Vaudet  glen  is  attained  ( Jhr. )  It  is,  no 
doubt,  possible  to  clamber  down  to  the 
E.  direct  to  the  Sasse  dePonto?i  chalets, 
but  the  main  path  makes  a  great 
traverse  towards  the  S.E.,  joining  the 
path  from  Vaudet  about  20  min. 
before  reaching  the  Ponton  chalets 
(ij  hr.  from  the  Col),  and  about  I  hr. 
from  Fornet.  From  the  Plan  chalets 
it  is  easy  to  climb  direct  (without 
making  the  round  by  the  Col  du  Lac 
Noir,  N.  of  the  Col  de  Vaudet)  to  the 
E.  summit  of  the  Ormelune  (3  hrs.), 
whence  the  highest,  or  W. ,  summit 
(3,283  m.,  10,771  ft.)  is  gained  in 
I  hr.  more,  passing  over  the  Central 
summit.  This  peak  is  a  splendid 
belvedere,  and  very  accessible  on  all 
sides.  (See  §  12.  Rte.  B,  for  the 
descent  from  it  to  the  path  of  the 
Col  du  Mont. ) 

3.  Col  du  Mont. — A  mule  path, 


ROUTE  E.    ISERE  VALLEY  TO  LIVEROGNE 


285 


not  always  well  kept,  traverses  this 
pass,  which  is  the  regular  means  of 
communication  between  the  Isere 
valley  and  the  Val  Grisanche  (6  hrs.) 

Nearly  due  E.  of  Ste.  Foy  the 
beautiful  pasture  valley  of  the  Sassiere 
de  Ste.  Foy  joins  the  main  valley. 
A  char  road  leads  from  Ste.  Foy 
over  the  brow  of  the  hill  to  the 
hamlet  of  Masures,  on  the  left  bank 
of  the  torrent,  and  thence  the  mule 
path  mounts  steeply  through  a  forest, 
at  first  by  that  bank  to  [\\  hr.  from 
Ste.  Foy)  the  chalets  of  La  Crau, 
situated  at  the  point  where  two  arms 
of  the  glen  unite.  Leaving  to  the 
left  the  N.W.  branch  (described 
below  and  in  the  next  Rte. ),  our 
track  follows  the  right  bank  of  the 
torrent  over  splendid  pastures  to  the 
chalets  of  La  Motte  (if-  hr.),  at 
the  foot  of  the  final  ascent  to  the 
pass,  which  is  gained  in  1  hr.  more 
by  a  last  steep  ascent  (4  hrs.  from 
Ste.  Foy),  having  on  the  right  the 
black  precipices  of  the  Ormelune. 

The  Col  (2,646  m.,  8,681  ft.)  is  a 
narrow  ridge,  commanding  a  finely- 
contrasted  view  of  the  bare  and 
rugged  Val  Grisanche  on  one  side, 
and  of  the  comparatively  bright  and 
fertile  mountains  that  enclose  the 
Isere  on  the  other.  The  Mont  Pourri, 
opposite,  is  very  fine,  while  the  church 
tower  of  Bourg  St.  Maurice  is  visible. 
The  Col  possesses  even  now  consider- 
able military  importance,  and  in  the 
days  of  the  French  Revolution  was 
the  scene  of  some  desperate  conflicts 
between  the  French  and  the  Pied- 
montese  (1792- 1800).  '  In  May 
1794  General  Moulins,  who  com- 
manded the  former,  after  many  efforts, 
succeeded  in  gaining  the  position  by 
advancing  during  a  snow  storm,  when 
such  assailants  were  not  expected, 
and  retained  it  in  spite  of  not  less 
than  ten  attempts  to  retake  it,  but 
abandoned  it  in  November  1794. 
There  are  some  remains  of  fortifica- 
tions on  the  pass,  and  in  1868  the 
bones  of  four  soldiers  were  found 
among  the  neighbouring  rocks. '  (M.) 

The  mule  track  descends  by  snow, 


rocks,  and  stones,  then  by  zigzags, 
down  a  grassy  ridge,  crosses  to  the 
right  bank  of  the  torrent,  and  then 
reaches  the  level  pasture  valley  of  St. 
Grat.  The  stream  is  crossed  to  the 
chalets  of  the  Grand?  A!pe>  -J  hr, 
above  Fo?'net  (2  hrs.  from  the  Col). 

Fomet  (1,731  m.,  5,679  ft.),  the 
highest  village  in  the  Val  Grisanche, 
has  now  a  fair  little  mountain  inn, 
and  is  the  best  headquarters  for 
mountaineers  in  the  Val  Grisanche. 
It  stands  not  far  from  the  junction  of 
the  St.  Grat  and  Vaudet  glens,  which 
unite  to  form  the  Val  Grisanche. 
Hence  any  of  the  neighbouring  peaks 
(all  described  in  the  preceding  or 
following  Rtes. ),  such  as  the  Grande 
Sassiere,  the  Ormelune,  the  Rutor, 
or  the  Bee  de  PInvergnan,  can  be 
ascended  comfortably  in  the  day,  and 
generally  taken  on  the  way  over  to 
one  of  the  surrounding  valleys. 

There  is  a  mule  path  from  Fornet 
in  a  short  hour  down  to  Liverogne. 
Below  Fornet  the  vast  piles  of  debris 
and  masses  of  dark  rock,  which  cause 
the  upper  end  of  the  valley  to  present  a 
nearly  unbroken  scene  of  desolation, 
gradually  give  place  to  pasture  and 
forest.  The  level  tract  of  Suphmy 
scored  and  wasted  by  the  torrent,  is 
passed  before  the  chief  village  of 
the  valley,  Eglise,  or  Valgrisanche 
(1,664  m-j  5>46o  ft.),  is  attained. 
The  path  descends  by  a  charming 
succession  of  green  basins,  wherein 
stand  different  hamlets,  a  little  way 
beyond  the  last  of  which,  Fevers,  at 
the  level  marshy  plain  of  Flanaval, 
the  glen  of  that  name  joins  the  main 
valley,  the  stream  here  making  a  fine 
cascade.  On  the  cliffs  above  are  the 
ruins  of  the  Castle  of  Planaval.  At 
this  point  the  valley,  which  has 
hitherto  run  in  a  slightly  N.E.  direc- 
tion, bends  more  and  more  in  that 
direction.  A  fine  distant  view  of  the 
Matterhorn  and  Monte  Rosa  is 
obtained  as  the  path  enters  in  a 
savage  narrow  defile,  running  high 
up  on  its  left  bank.  The  scenery 
here  is  of  a  striking  character.  The 
river  rushes  in  a  steep  gorge,  while 


286  GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  14.  SASSIERE  DISTRICT 


the  rocks,  both  above  and  below 
the  path,  are  nearly  perpendicular. 

[They  '  consist  of  extremely  hard 
gneiss,  which  preserves  very  dis- 
tinctly the  traces  of  glacier  action.' 
(R.  C.  N.fl 

On  a  sort  of  terrace  on  the  oppo- 
site bank  the  ruins  of  the  feudal 
castle  of  Mont?nayeur  are  seen, 
frowning  over  the  black  ravine.  On 
issuing  from  this  gorge,  the  lower 
portion  of  which  is  impassable, 
the  path  bears  to  the  left  away  from 
it,  and  descends  amidst  splendid 
chestnuts,  orchards,  and  meadows, 
and  past  a  mill,  to  the  village  of 
Liverogne  (9  m.,  or  2  J  firs.'  walk 
from  Eglise),  on  the  high  road  in  the 
village  of  Aosta  (Rte.  G.  below),  9111. 
from  Aosta  and  12  m.  from  Cour- 
mayeur. 

4.  Col  de  la  Sathere. — This  wild 
and  little-known  pass  is  a  moun- 
taineer's or  smuggler's  variation  of 
the  Col  du  Mont.  It  takes  nearly  the 
same  time  (6 \  hrs. ),  and  leads  through 
very  fine  scenery,  while  from  the  sum- 
mit a  very  interesting  peak  may  be 
ascended. 

The  way  is  the  same  as  that  of  the 
Col  du  Mont  as  far  as  La  Crau,  then 
crosses  a  stone  bridge  and  runs  N.  to 
the  Jordan  hut,  at  the  junction  of  the 
Louie  Blanche  glen  (see  next  Rte.), 
when  the  path  bends  E.  and  past 
several  groups  of  chalets  brings  the 
traveller  to  the  huts  of  La  Sassiere  de 
Ste.  Foy,  2,039  m.,  6,690  ft.  (3  hrs. 
from  Ste.  Foy),  beautifully  situated  in 
a  pasture  basin,  surrounded  by  wild, 
rocky  peaks,  and  in  full  view  of  the 
Bee  du  Mont  and  of  the  Grand 
Avemet  glacier,  flowing  from  the 
great  Rutor  snow-field.  The  way 
then  turns  due  E.,  and  after  having 
mounted  by  pastures  leads  over  a 
rocky  promontory  above  the  right 
bank  of  the  torrent,  and  so  to  a  small 
glacier,  over  which  the  pass  (2,857  m., 
9,374  ft.)  is  attained  (ij  hr.  from 
La  Sassiere  de  Ste.  Foy).  It  is  also 
called  Col  de  la  Sassiere  ( '  Sachere  '  is 
a  patois  form  of  '  Sassiere,'  adopted 
here  to  avoid  confusion),  and  Col  du 


I  Lac,  from  the  lake  of  St.  Grat,  on  the 
:   Italian  side. 

[The  view  is  limited,  but  may  be 
much    extended    by    climbing,  in 
55  min.,  over  easy  broken  rocks  and 
;  snow  to  the  summit  of  the  Grand  Bee 
\  du  Mont  (3,218  m.,  10,558  ft.),  just 
,   S.  of  the  pass,  and  rising  between  it 
.   and  the  Col  du  Mont.    Bits  of  the 
Mont  Blanc  and  Monte  Rosa  ranges 
are  seen  hence,  while  there  is  no 
j   better  point   whence   to  study  the 
neighbouring  peaks.] 

The  small  glacier  of  Sachere,  on 
the  other  side,  is  soon  traversed,  and 
then  the  way  lies  S.E.  past  a  military 
Refuge  till  the  stream  flowing  from 
the  Lac  de  St.  Grat  is  crossed  some 
way  below  the  waterfall.  The  left 
bank  of  that  torrent  is  then  followed 
past  the  Grand'  Alpe  chalets  (where 
I  the  path  from  the  Col  du  Mont  is 
joined)  to  Fornet  (2  hrs.  from  the 
Col). 


Route  F. 

STE.  FOY  OR  THE  VAL  GRISANCHE 
TO  LA  THUILLE  BY  THE  RUTOR 
GROUP. 

The  northernmost  portion  of  the 
mountain  mass  between  the  Grand 
Paradis  group  and  the  road  across 
the  Little  St.  Bernard  pass  is  not, 
as  might  have  been  expected,  occu- 
pied by  a  fourth  long  and  narrow 
valley  parallel  to  the  Val  Savaranche, 
the  Val  de  Rhemes,  and  the  Val 
Grisanche,  but  is  crowned  by  a  con- 
siderable snow-clad  region,  that  of  the 
Rutor.  (This  name  comes,  perhaps, 
from  c  ru  tors,'  meaning  a  4  crooked 
brook,'  but  is  more  probably  a  form 
of  the  patois  word  4  reuse,'  or  i  roise,' 
signifying  '  glacier,'  as  a  part  of  this 
snowy  mass  is  well  seen  from  Aosta 
itself. )  This  snow  region  consists  of  a 
very  extensive  and  gently  inclined 
snow  and  ice  field,  ending  on  the  S. 


ROUTE  F.    STE.  FOY  TO  LA  THUILLE 


287 


in  a  snow  cliff,  but  enclosed  on  the 
E.  and  W.  by  lofty  ridges,  which 
send  down  glens  in  various  direc- 
tions, while  the  main  glacier  is 
drained  through  the  opening  on  the 
fourth  or  N.W.  side,  the  Rutor  glen 
which  descends  direct  to  La  Thuille, 
on  the  Little  St.  Bernard  road.  Be- 
sides this  principal  glen,  by  which 
access  is  most  easily  gained  to  the 
upper  snows,  there  are  on  the  S.W. 
the  ravines  which  combine  to  form 
the  valley  of  La  Sassiere  de  Ste. 
Foy,  while  on  the  S.  the  glen 
of  St.  Grat,  on  the  E.  that  of 
Morion,  and  on  the  N.E.  that 
of  Planaval  all  join  the  Val  Gris- 
anche.  Through  all  these  five  glens 
(each  having  a  glacier  at  its  head) 
passes  lead  up  to  the  central  snowy 
mass.  On  the  N.  and  N.E.  many 
minor  ravines  descend  towards  the 
Dora  Baltea  valley,  between  Liverogne 
and  Pre  St.  Didier,  while  on  the 
S.W.  one  or  two  run  in  that  direction 
towards  the  Isere  valley,  E.  of  Bourg 
St.  Maurice. 

Before,  however,  describing  the 
various  routes  by  which  the  central 
mass  may  be  reached,  it  seems  desir- 
able to  give  some  account  of  that  mass 
itself,  and  of  the  history  of  its  ex- 
ploration. This  great  sea  of  ice  starts 
from  a  very  wide  opening  on  the  S. 
which  ends  in  a  cliff  of  snow  (the  Col 
de  St.  Grat,  3,300  m.,  10,827  ft.), 
overlooking  on  the  S.  the  chapel  and 
lake  of  St.  Grat.  Hence  it  flows 
down  in  a  N.N.  W.  direction,  between 
a  double  row  of  peaks,  to  the  chapel  of 
Ste.  Marguerite  (near  which  is  a 
Club  hut,  built  by  the  Italian  Alpine 
Club)  and  the  Rutor  lake,  both  at  the 
head  of  the  glen  descending  towards 
La  Thuille. 

The  following  is  a  list  of  the  peaks 
and  passes,  with  the  glens  which 
lead  up  to  them,  on  either  side  of  this 
great  snow  field  : — 

1.  E.  Side. 

(a)  Tete  du  RtUor  (3,486  m., 
11,438  ft.),  the  culminating  point  of 
the  entire  group. 


(b)  Col  du  Rutor  (c.   3,350  m., 
10,991ft.)    (Morion  glen. ) 

(c)  Chateau    Blanc    (3,369  m., 
11,054  ft.) 

(d)  Col  du  Chateau  Blanc,  over 
3,150  m.,  10,335  ft-  (Planaval  glen.) 

(e)  Doravidi     Sud     (3,449  m., 
11,316  ft.) 

(f)  Col  de  Doravidi  ( Planaval  glen ) . 

(g)  Doravidi  Nord  (3,304  m., 
10,841  ft.) 

(h)  Col  de  Planaval,  2,958  m., 
9,705ft.  (Planaval  glen.) 

(i)  BeccaJVera  {3,211m.,  10,535  ft.) 
(k)  Becca     Bianca     (3,240  m., 

10,630  ft.) 

(/)  Les  Envergneures  (3,051  m., 
10,010  ft.).  E.  of  this  summit,  but 
separated  by  it  from  the  main  glacier, 
is  the  Mont  Paramont  (3,309  m., 
10,857  ft.),  the  last  point  of  im- 
portance in  the  group. 

2.  W.  Side. 

(a)  Bee  du  Lac  (3, 409m.,  11,185ft.) 

(b)  Col  du  Bee  du  Lac  (Sassiere  de 
Ste.  Foy  glen). 

(c)  Col  de  VAvernet,  3,230  m., 
10,598  ft.  (same  glen. )  This  pass  is 
just  W.  of  a  rocky  mound,  whence  a 
spur  runs  to  the  N.E.  into  the  main 
glacier,  and  is  crowned  by  two  rocky 
points,  the  Vedettes  du  Rutor,  the 
highest  and  southernmost  of  which  is 
3,332  m.,  10,932  ft. 

(d)  Pointe  de  VAvernet  (3,236  m., 
10,617  ft.) 

(e)  Col  de  Loydon,  3,045  m., 
9,991  ft.  (Sassiere  de  Ste.  Foy  glen.) 

(f)  Pointe  de  Loydon,  3,148  m., 
10,329  ft.  (the  Pointe  du  Grand  of 
the  French  map. ) 

(g)  Col  d' Assaly,  c.  3,025  m., 
9,925  ft.  (Sassiere  de  Ste.  Foy  glen.) 

(h)  Grand  Assaly,  3,174  m., 
10,414  ft.  (the  Pointe  du  Petit  of 
the  French  map).  The  summit  is 
a  little  N.E.  of  the  watershed,  and 
on  the  spurs  projecting  from  the 
actual  point  of  junction  rise  the  Tete 
eP  Assaly  (c.  2,950  m.,  9,679  ft.)  and 
the  Petit  Assaly  (2,965  m.,  9,728  ft.) 
W.  of  the  Grand  Assaly  the  water- 
shed turns  due  W.,  thus  leaving  the 


288 


GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  14. 


SASSIERE  DISTRICT 


central  glacier,  and  is  briefly  de- 
scribed at  the  end  of  this  Rte. 

Students  of  Alpine  topography  will 
find  further  details  as  to  these  two 
ranges  in  Signor  Bobba's  1890  article 
and  M.  Ferrand's  book,  both  referred 
to  in  the  Introductions  to  this  Chapter 
and  this  Section. 

Some  time  before  1858  a  hunter  of 
Val  Grisanche,  J.  B.  Frassy,  with  a 
companion,  built  a  stone-man  on  one 
of  the  Vedettes  (seen  in  1858  and 
1 861),  this  being  the  first  known  ex- 
ploration of  the  great  Rutor  glacier. 
In  1858  Frassy  acted  as  guide  to 
Herren  G.  Studer,  Bucher,  and  J.  J. 
Weilenmann,  who  made  the  first 
ascent  of  the  Tete  du  Rtdor,  climb- 
ing it  from  the  Morion  glacier  on  the 
E.,  and  descending  on  the  W.  to  the 
Rutor  glacier,  which  was  then  tra- 
versed in  all  its  length  to  La  Thuille  ; 
on  the  way  Herr  Weilenmann  alone 
went  up  the  Chateau  Blanc.  In 
1 86 1  Messrs.  W.  Mathews  and  F.  W. 
Jacomb  made  the  passage  of  the  Col 
du  Chateau  Blanc,  and  the  ascent  of 
the  Do?'avidi  Sud,  declined  to  descend 
from  the  Col  de  St.  Grat,  but  reached 
the  Sassiere  de  Ste.  Foy  glen  by  the 
Col  du  Bee  du  Lac.  In  1862  Messrs. 
W.  Mathews  and  T.  G.  Bonney  as- 
cended the  Tete  du  Rutor  from  the  Col 
du  Rutor,  on  the  N.,  coming  from 
and  returning  to  La  Thuille.  In 
1864  Messrs.  Bonney  and  Taylor  re- 
peated that  ascent,  and  made  the  first 
complete  passage  of  the  Col  du  Rutor, 
while  in  1865  Mr.  Elijah  Walton 
crossed  the  Col  de  Planaval.  In  1868 
Signori  A.  Gorret,  Vierin,  and  P.  J. 
Frassy  gained  the  head  of  the  Rutor 
glacier  from  the  Morion  glacier  by 
the  Col  de  Morion,  S.  of  the  rock 
tower  (S.  of  the  Tete),  marking  the 
point  at  which  the  ridge  from  the 
Tete  joins  the  E.  and  W.  line  extend- 
ing by  the  Col  de  St.  Grat  to  the 
Bee  du  Lac.  A  long  interval  now 
followed,  during  which  the  ascents  of 
the  Bee  du  Lac  in  1880  (by  Signori 
Vaccarone  and  Chanoux),  and  of  the 
Grand  Assaly  in  1878  (by  M.  Jac- 
quemot),  were  the  principal  events. 


In    1886    Mr.    Coolidge  (without 
realising  at  the  time  the  historical 
importance  of  his  expedition)  made 
the  first  complete  passage  of  the  Col 
de  St.  Grat( climbing  up  from  theS.), 
while  in  1892  M.  Henri  Ferrand  suc- 
ceeded in  at  last  discovering  the  true 
and  easy  way  from  the  French  side 
to  the  Rutor  glacier  by  the  Col  de 
PAvernet,  whereas   the   1861  party 
!   (and    Mr.    George    in    1875)  na^ 
effected  only  a  very  steep  descent 
I  on  that  side  from  the  Col  du  Bee  du 
;   Lac.     The  next   day   M.  Ferrand 
I   made  the  first  thorough  exploration 
I   of  the  tangled  ridges  between  the 
Grand  Assaly  and  the  Little  St.  Ber- 
nard. 

Most  travellers  who  visit  the  Rutor 
j  group  do  so  with  the  intention  of 
1   climbing  its  culminating  point,  the 
I  Tete  du  Rutor  (3,486  m.,  11,438  ft.), 
!  a  justly  celebrated  and  very  easily 
\  accessible   belvedere,    generally  at- 
;   tacked  by  its  rocky  N.  face  \\  hr. 
;  up)  from  the  Col  du  Rutor,  whereon 
!   is  the  Defey  Club  hut.    It  therefore 
I  seems  the  most  convenient  plan  to 
I   indicate  how  this  Col  can  be  reached 
'   through  the  various  lateral  glens  which 
give  access  to  the  great  central  glacier, 
giving  some  notice  by  the  way  of  the 
minor  peaks  and  passes  of  the  group. 
1.  By  the  Rutor  Glen  (6|  hrs.  from 
I   La  Thuille). — This  is  the  usual  route. 
From  La  Thuille  a  char  road  is  fol- 
lowed along  the  right  bank  of  the 
Rutor  torrent,  which  crosses  higher 
up  to  the  other  bank  to  the  mining 
;   buildings  of  Bocambre  (for  a  silver 
mine  on  the  M.  Colmet  to  the  E. ), 
and  then  continues  along  that  bank 
to  the  green  basin  wherein  are  the 
chalets  of  La  Joux  ( 1  hr. )  This 
basin  is  at  the  '  foot  of  the  steep  and 
1   lofty   barrier    of    rock    that  closes 
the  head  of  the  valley,  is  covered 
with  pines,  and  is  crowned  by  the 
extremity  of  the  great  Rutor  Glacier, 
which  discharges  a  torrent  that  leaps 
down  the  rocks  in  the  series  of  beauti- 
ful cascades  known  as  the  Rutorines' 
(across  the  upper  and  lower  of  which 
bridges  have  been  thrown  for  the  use 


ROUTE  F.    STE.  FOY  TO  LA  THUILLE 


2S9 


of  visitors).  (  On  leaving  the  Joux 
basin  we  crossed  by  a  foot  bridge, 
which  stands  a  few  yards  below  the 
chalets.  The  mule  path  then  ascends 
amidst  charming  scenery,  winding 
round  steep  faces  of  rock,  and  among 
gigantic  boulders,  clothed  with  larch 
and  the  cembra  pine,  mingled  with  a 
few  spruces.  Close  at  hand,  on  the 
right,  the  torrent  thunders  down  a 
deep  cleft.  The  zigzags  become 
steeper,'  and  the  path  mounts  to  the 
E.  till  it  descends  into  a  large  basin 
in  which  is  the  Lac  du  Glacier  ( \\  hr. ) 
The  path  passes  the  Glacier  huts,  and 
then  mounts  by  zigzags  S.E.  over  a 
low  ridge,  whence  it  descends  to  the 
Lao  du  Rutor,  2,402  m.,  7,881  ft. 
(3-3 2  ^rs-  from  La  Thuille),  near 
which  are  the  chapel  and  huts  of 
Ste.  Marguerite  and  the  Club  hut 
(2,420  m.,  7,940  ft.)  'Throughout 
the  ascent  from  La  Thuille  the  marks 
of  glacial  action  are  conspicuous,  and 
just  before  reaching  Ste.  Marguerite 
we  passed  a  dome  of  rock,  with  a  fine 
bloc  perche  on  the  summit.  There  are 
few  walks  in  the  Alps  so  beautiful  as 
that  from  La  Joux  to  Ste.  Margue- 
rite.'   (W.  M.) 

But  since  1864  the  retreat  of 
the  glacier  and  the  diminution  of 
the  Lac  du  Rutor  have  caused  Mr. 
Mathews'  classical  description  of  the 
loveliness  of  the  surroundings  of 
Ste.  Marguerite  to  become  of  purely 
historical  interest.  The  history  of  the 
Lake  has  been  written  by  Signor  M. 
Baretti  in  the  '  Bollettino  '  of  the 
Italian  Alpine  Club  for  1880,  and  is 
most  interesting.  It  burst  its  bounds 
annually  from  1 594  to  1606,  and  often 
in  later  days,  so  that  various  projects 
were  devised  to  restrain  it,  as  these 
outbreaks  caused  great  damage  in  the 
valley  below.  In  1605  the  head  of 
St.  Grat  (the  patron  saint  of  the 
diocese  of  Aosta)  was  carried  solemnly 
in  procession  to  the  lake  for  the  sake 
of  averting  future  misfortunes,  and 
the  next  year  the  chapel  of  Ste..  Mar- 
guerite was  built  above  the  lake,  and 
an  annual  procession  henceforward 
made  thither  (but  now  discontinued) 
I. 


on  July  20,  the  festival  of  that  saint. 
Since  1864,  however,  the  ground  has 
altered  much,  the  glacier  having  lost 
800  m.  (2.625  ft.)  in  length  and 
350  m.  (1,148  ft.)  in  breadth,  while 
the  lake  has  lost  45  m.  (148  ft.)  in 
depth,  500  m.  (1,640  ft.)  in  length, 
and  200  m.  (656  ft.)  in  breadth. 
Hence  the  appearance  of  the  sur- 
roundings has  been  greatly  changed, 
and  the  lake  is  now  simply  a  big, 
dirty  pond,  with  a  moraine-be- 
smirched glacier  near  it,  all  quite 
different  from  the  fair  sight  described 
by  Mr.  Mathews  in  1 86 1.  Owing  to 
these  changes  the  Lake  now  drains 
into  the  stream  as  it  issues  from  the 
lower  end  of  the  glacier,  whereas 
j  previously  the  ice  forced  its  outlet  to 
I  flow  in  a  fine  waterfall  over  the  hill- 
I  side  into  the  Lac  du  Glacier,  which 
:  drained  into  the  Combassa  or  Co?nba 
i  Sorda  torrent,  this  joining  the  Rutor 
stream  far  below  in  the  level  valley. 
However  if  the  lake  is  less  pictu- 
j  resque  than  it  used  to  be  the  view 
from  the  hillock  near  the  Club  hut  is 
always  beautiful,  including  the  Mont 
Blanc  range,  the  group  of  the  Grand 
Assaly,  and  the  icefall  of  the  Rutor 
glacier,  with  the  Tete  just  peeping 
over. 

[The  Envergneures,  on  the  E.  of  the 
Club  hut,  is  easily  reached  along  the 
W.  ridge  ;  while  the  M.  Para?uont 
may  be  reached  by  -|  hr.'s  climb  from 
the  Ussellettes  glacier,  in  4  hrs.  from 
the  Club  hut.  This  last-named  gla- 
cier fills  a  glen  between  the  two 
summits,  through  which  the  Pas 
d>En  Haut  (2,812  m.,  9,226  ft.) 
gives  access  to  La  Salle,  in  the  Aosta 
valley,  in  about  4J  hrs.  from  the  Club 
hut.  On  the  S.W.  it  is  possible  to 
go  from  La  Thuille  in  about  7  hrs.  to 
Ste.  Foy  by  the  Bellecombe  and  Sas- 
siere  de  Ste.  Foy  glens,  either  by  the 
Col  de  la  Lottie  Blanche  (2.567  m., 
8.422  ft.)  or  by  the  Col  de  Tachuy, 
or  du  Petit  (2,797  m.,  9,177  ft.)  To 
the  N.W.  of  these  two  passes  is  the 
Col  du  Grand  Glacier  (2,806  m. , 
9,206  ft. ),  by  which  8  hrs.  are  required 
from  La  Thuille  by  the  La  Joux  huts 

U 


290  GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  14.  SASSIERE  DISTRICT 


and  the  Ponteilles  and  Moulins  glens 
to  Ste.  Foy  or  Bourg  St.  Maurice. 
S.E.  of  the  Grand  Assaly  is  the  Col 
d"  Assaly,  by  which  Ste.  Foy  is  6-7  hrs. 
from  the  Club  hut,  while  the  Grand 
Assaly  itself  may  be  gained  by  a 
rock  ridge  in  \  hr.  from  the  pass.  J 

It  takes  about  I  hr.  over  moraine  to  j 
gain  the  right  bank  of  the  great  Rutor  j 
Glacier,  which  is  thenfmounted  with- 
out  the  slightest  trouble  in  a  S.E.  | 
direction.    In  1-2  hrs.  more  the  Col  j 
du  Rutor  may  be  attained.  Thence 
it  is  \  hr.  's  climb  to  the  summit  of  the 
Tete,  the  final  tower  of  rock,  about 
18  ft.  high,  alone  offering  any  diffi- 
culty.  34  hrs.  from  the  Club  hut  thus 
suffice  to  reach   the   top,  whereon 
Saxifraga  dry 0 Ides  and  an  Androsace 
{?  glacial V s)   grow    abundantly.  A 
curious  turret  in  open  iron  work  now 
crowns  the  summit. 

Mr.  Mathews  has  justly  compared 
the  position  of  the  Rutor  in  respect 
to  the  range  of  Mont  Blanc  with  that 
of  the  Buet,  both  points  being  sepa- 
rated  from  it  by  a  lower  interme- 
diate  range.  There  is,  however,  this 
difference,  that  on  the  side  opposite  1 
to  Mont  Blanc  the  Rutor  is  encircled 
by  the  loftier  peaks  of  the  Graian 
Alps,  while  the  only  direction  in 
which  the  eye  penetrates  to  the  lower 
cultivated  region  is  along  the  Val 
d'Aosta,  which  is  viewed  throughout 
the  entire  distance  from  St.  Pierre  to 
beyond  Chatillon,  though  the  city  of 
Aosta  itself  is  not  visible.  The  Pen- 
nines  are  very  fine,  as  are  the  nearer 
Graians,  while  one  of  the  most 
striking  features  in  the  panorama  is 
the  great  Gliairetta  glacier,  which 
fills  the  whole  of  the  head  of  the 
Val  Grisanche. 

2.  By  the  Planaval  Glen  ( 5-6  hrs. 
from  Planaval).  —  The  village  of  Pla- 
naval stands  above  the  marshy  plain 
of  that  name  mentioned  in  Rte.  E.  3. 
It  is  easily  gained  by  a  mule  path 
from  the  Res  si  a  huts,  if  coming  from 
Eglise,  or  by  a  good  path  past  La 
Clusaz,  or  from  Liverogne,  by  a  track 
along  the  heights  above  the  left  bank 
of  the  Val  Grisanche  stream,  and 


past  the  hamlet  of  Baulen.  2  hrs. 
beyond  Planaval  are  the  chalets  du 
Glacier  (2,1 50  m.,  7,054  ft.),  where 
night  quarters  may  be  had.  Thence 
in  2  hrs.  more  the  Col  de  Planaval 
may  be  reached  by  the  N.  branch  of 
the  Chateau  Blanc  glacier  ;  if  the  S. 
branch  be  followed,  3J  hrs.  are  re- 
quired from  the  chalets  to  the  Col  du 
Chateau  Blanc,  on  which  there  is  a 
little  frozen  lake.  The  Doravidi 
Sud  (the  double-pointed  peak,  appa- 
rently the  highest  when  seen  from 
Aosta)  may  be  climbed  from  the  latter 
Col,  or  direct  from  the  glacier,  by 
easy  rocks  in  J  hr.  It  is  visible  from 
Aosta,  as  is  the  Col  de  Planaval.  The 
Rutor  glacier  once  gained  in  this 
way,  \  hr.  or  less  suffices  to  reach  the 
Col  du  Rutor  from  the  Col  du 
Chateau  Blanc,  and  1  hr.  or  more 
from  the  Col  de  Planaval. 

3.  By  the  Morion  Glen  (5j-  hrs. 
from  Valgrisanche). — This  route  is 
probably  the  most  favourite  one  after 
that  from  the  Club  hut  described  under 
1.  for  in  this  way  the  peak  may  be 
climbed  en  route  from  Valgris- 
anche 10  La  Thuille.  It  is  most 
convenient  not  to  ascend  the  whole 
of  the  Morion  glen,  but  to  quit  the 
valley  at  the  hamlet  of  Bo7i?ie,  \  hr. 
above  the  chief  village,  L'Eglise, 
Hence  in  about  \\  hr.  (the  distance 
is  the  same  from  Fornet,  at  the  head 
of  the  Val  Grisanche)  the  chalets  of 
Alpe    Vieille    are   attained,  and  in 

hr.  more,  by  a  direct  ascent  to  the 
N.,  up  pastures  and  rocks,  the  lake 
of  Morion,  close  to  the  right  bank  of 
the  glaciei  of  that  name,  over  which 
the  Col  is  reached  in  2-2J  hrs.  more, 
or  somewhat  over  5  hrs.  from  Val- 
grisanche. It  may  be  noted  here 
that  in  1864  Messrs.  Bonney  and 
Taylor  went  from  La  Thuille  to  the 
the  chief  hamlet  of  Val  Grisanche  by 
the  Col  du  Rutor  in  7J  hrs.'  actual 
walking,  not  including  the  ascent  to 
and  return  from  the  Tete,  which  re- 
quired 50  min. 

4.  By  the  St.  Grat  Glen  (4-J-  hrs. 
from  Fornet). — This  is  by  far  the 
most  interesting  way  for  a  traveller 


ROUTE  F.    STE.  FOY  TO  LA  THUILLE 


291 


who  finds  himself  (having  come 
thither  perhaps  from  Val  d'Isere  or 
the  Val  de  Rhemes)  at  Fornet,  the 
highest  village  in  the  Val  Grisanche. 
The  Col  du  Mont  track  is  followed 
at  first,  but  when  it  bears  W.  it  is 
necessary  to  follow  the  path  which 
bears  up  the  St.  Grat  glen  on  the  N. , 
first  by  the  left,  then  by  the  stony 
right  bank  of  the  torrent,  to  the  chapel 
of  St.  Grat,  close  to  the  lake  of  the 
same  name,  2,473  m->  8,114  ft.  (if- 

2  hrs. )  Thence  the  ascent  is  con- 
tinued in  a  due  N.  direction  by  a 
rocky  glen,  two  rock  terraces,  and  a 
small  glacier  to  the  left-hand  end  of 
a  long  and  conspicuous  snow  band 
(ij  hr. )  It  may  sometimes  be  de- 
sirable to  bear  very  far  to  the  left, 
but  the  first  party  found  (in  Sept.) 
no  difficulty  in  bearing  very  slightly 
to  the  left,  and  then  working  their 
way  up  a  snow  cliff  of  about  20  ft. 
to  the  S.  rim  of  the  great  Rutor 
glacier,  now  called  the  Col  de  St. 
Grat  (50  min. ),  gained  thus  in  about 
4  hrs.  from  Fornet.  Twenty  min. 
suffice  over  the  easy  glacier  to  go 
hence  to  the  Col  du  Rutor. 

5.  By  the  S assure  de  Ste.  Foy  Glen 
(5-6  hrs.  from  the  Sassiere  chalets). — 
This  is  the  direct  way  from  the 
French  side,  and  is  very  convenient 
for  a  party  wishing  to  traverse  the 
Rutor.  Yet,  as  pointed  out  above, 
it  was  only  discovered  in  1892,  two 
previous  parties  having  descended 
from  a  high  point  on  the  N.  ridge  of 
the  Bee  du  Lac,  and  been  forced  to  cut 
down  very  steep  snow  slopes,  so  that 
before  1892  this  side  was  regarded  as 
rather  difficult. 

The  start  is  best  made  from  the 
chalets  of  La  Sassiere  de  Ste.  Foy, 

3  hrs.  from  Ste.  Foy  by  the  mule 
path  described  in  the  last  Rte.  (under 
4.)  The  ascent  is  made  by  the 
Avernet  ravine  (in  which  flow  the 
two  central  torrents  seen  from  the 
chalets),  by  which  in  2.\  hrs.,  or  less, 
the  right  bank  of  the  Avernet  glacier 
is  reached.  It  is  then  an  easy  ascent 
of  2\  hrs.,  or  less,  up  this  gently- 
inclined  glacier  to  the  Col  de  V  Avernet, 


just  W.  of  the  point  where  the 
Vedettes  spur  joins  the  main  ridge. 
Thence  about  I  hr.  suffices  to  mount 
to  the  Col  du  Rutor.  The  two  Cols 
more  to  the  N.  are  more  circuitous, 
but  the  return  to  the  Sassiere  huts  may 
well  be  made  by  the  Col  de  Loydon 
and  the  glacier  of  that  name,  or  by 
the  Col  d'Assaly  and  a  rocky  gully, 
2  hrs.  or  so  being  required  from  the 
edge  of  the  Rutor  snow-field. 

To  complete  the  account  of  this 
region  it  only  remains  to  give  a  brief 
description  of  the  watershed  between 
j  the  Grand  Assaly  and  the  Little  St. 
I  Bernard  road,  which  is  taken  from 
I  M.  Ferrand's  book.  The  following 
j  Table  is  the  continuation  of  No.  2  of 
j   those  given  above  :  — 

(i.)  Pointe  de  Tachny  (c.  2,850  m., 
9,351ft.).  The  point  marked  2,963  m. 
I   on  the  Italian  map. 

(ii. )  Col  de  Tachuy  (2,797  m., 
9,177  ft.).  The  Col  du  Petit  of  the 
French  map.  A  broad  and  easy 
opening. 

(iii. )  Roc  Roitge  or  Mont  Charve 
(2,957  m.,  9,702  ft,) 

(iv. )  Col  de  la  Lotiie  Blanche 
I   (2,567  m.,  8,422  ft.) 

(v.)  Pointe     Rousse    (2,810  m., 

i  9,220  ft.) 

(vi. )  Col  de  Planpizet.  Called  Col 
de  Serre  or  de  Truche  by  the  French 
map. 

(vii.)  La  Lottie  Blanche  (2,951  m., 
9,682  ft.)  This  is  the  highest  of 
four  points  on  the  ridge,  to  which 
the  heights  2,907  m.  and  2,928  m. 
on  the  French  and  2,901  m.  on  the 
Italian  map  belong.  Between  the 
north-westerly  of  these  and  the  point 
next  to  the  S.E.  there  is  a  gap  in 
reddish  rocks,  locally  known  as  the 
Col  Rotix. 

(viii. )  Col  du  Grand  Glacier 
(2,806  m.,  9,206  ft.)  This  is  a 
very  well  marked  depression,  beyond 
which  rises  the  well-known  belvedere 
of  the  Mont  Valaisan,  to  be  men- 
tioned in  the  next  Rte.  in  connection 
with  the  Little  St.  Bernard. 

A   few    particulars    (taken  from 
Signori  Vaccarone  and  Bobba's  ex- 
u  2 


GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  14.  SASSIERE  DISTRICT 


cellent  '  Guida '),  as  the  passes  num- 
bered ii.,  iv. ,  and  viii.  in  this  list, 
were  given  above  in  the  notice  of  the 
Rutor  Club  hut,  but  these  Cols  are 
very  little  known  even  now,  and  de- 
tailed information  as  regards  them 
would  be  most  acceptable. 


Route  G. 

BOURG  ST.   MAURICE  TO    AOSTA  BY 
THE  LITTLE  ST.  BERNARD. 


M. 

S6ez  . 

2 

Hospice  . 

.  6 

La  Thuille 

•  X3i 

Pre"  St.  Didier  . 

.  20 

Morgex 

22 

Liverogne 

•  30 

Villeneuve 

•  33 

Aosta 

•  39 

Good  carriage  road  all  the  way.  In 
summer  diligences  from  Courmayeur 
and  Bourg  St.  Maurice  meet  at  the 
Hospice. 

The  Pass  of  the  Little  St.  Ber- 
nard is  the  lowest  gap  in  the  main 
chain  of  the  Alps  between  the 
Mont  Cenis  and  the  Simplon,  and 
hence,  as  these  respectively  mark  the 
limits  between  the  Cottian  Alps  and 
the  Graian  Alps,  and  between  the 
Pennine  Alps  and  the  Lepontine 
Alps,  the  Little  St.  Bernard  seems 
the  natural  limit  between  the  Graian 
Alps  and  the  Pennine  Alps.  It  is 
of  considerable  historical  interest,  as 
some  writers  have  believed  that  it  was 
the  pass  by  which  Hannibal  entered 
Italy  (though  most  modern  scholars 
are  of  opinion  that  the  Mont  Genevre 
was  much  more  probably  the  scene  of 
this  famous  event),  and  because  St. 
Bernard  of  Menthon  in  the  eleventh 
centuiy  founded  here  a  Hospice  as 
well  as  on  the  better  known  Great 
St.  Bernard.  But  its  commercial 
importance  has  never  been  very  great, 
so  that  the  carriage  road  over  it  was 


I  only  completed  about  1870.  Pedes- 
trians can  greatly  shorten  the  distance 
by  following  the  old  mule  path  from 

I   Seez  to  the  Hospice,  from  the  second 

:  Refuge  to  La  Thuille,  and  from  the 
second  tunnel  to  Pre  St.  Didier. 

After  passing  a  square  tower,  said 
to  date  from  the  fourth  century,  the 
road  from  Bourg  St.  Maurice  towards 
the  pass  crosses  the  Versoye  torrent, 
descending  from  the  Col  du  Bon- 
homme  (§  16.  Rte.  E),  and  then  the 
Recluse,  flowing  from  the  Little  St. 
Bernard.  It  thus  reaches  the  village 
of  Seez,  where  the  Recluse  glen  seems 

I  the  natural  prolongation  of  the  Isere 

1  valley,  as  that  valley  (§  12.  Rte.  B) 
here  makes  a  sharp  angle  to  the  S.E. 
The  old  mule  track  henceforward 
keeps  along  the  course  of  the  Recluse 
past  the  hamlet  of  St.  Germain,  but 
the  new  carriage  road  on  quitting 
Seez  mounts  N.E.  in  a  series  of  seven 
great  zigzags  high  above  and  far  from 
the  left  bank  of  that  stream.  The 
ascent  is  gentle,  but  there  is  no 
striking  object  in  view  save  the  fine 
peak  of  the  Mont  Pourri. 

[In  the  middle  of  the  last  but 
one  of  the  long  zigzags  a  path 
falls  in  by  which  the  traveller  may 
reach  the  Hospice  in  rather  over 
3  hrs.  from  St.  Foy  by  way  of  the 
hamlets  of  Masures,  Miroir,  Le 
Chdtelard,  and  La  Combe,  a  short 
cut  especially  convenient  for  a  tra- 
veller bound  from  Courmayeur  direct 
to  the  upper  valley  of  the  Isere. 
Higher  up,  not  far  from  the  Hospice, 
a  military  road  leads  up  in  zigzags 
to  the  S.E.  to  the  Col  de  Traversette, 
by  which  Le  Chatelard  and  Ste. 
Foy  can  be  reached  even  more 
directly  from  the  Hospice.  J 

The  final  ascent  is  very  gentle,  and 
the  Cantine  Ste.  Barbe  and  then  the 

;   French   Customs  house    are  passed 

i   before  attaining  the 

Hospice  (2,153  m-5  7,064ft. ),  which 
is  just  within  the  Italian  frontier.  It 
is  at  the  end  of  a  grassy  plain,  nearly 
3  miles  long  and  1  mile  wide,  and 
about  35  metres  ( 1 1 5  ft. )  below  and 
S.W.  of  the  actual  Col,  which  lies  in 


ROUTE  G.    BOURG  ST.  MAURICE  TO  AO  ST  A  293 


the  middle  of  the  plateau,  sloping 
very  gently  on  either  side. 

'  The  Hospice  was  founded  by  St. 
Bernard  de  Menthon  in  the  eleventh 
century.  The  Celtic  remains  which 
still  exist  here,  and  the  foundations 
of  a  temple  constructed  of  Roman 
brick  near  the  Colonne  de  Joux, 
show,  however,  that  the  pass  was 
known  in  earlier  times.  From  the 
eleventh  to  the  thirteenth  century 
the  Hospice  was  styled  hospitals 
columnce  Jovis^  the  name  domns 
Sancti  Bernardi  montis  Jovis  occur- 
ring first  in  1181,  while  later  the  pass 
was  called  Mont  Jouvet,  to  distin- 
guish it  from  the  Mont  Joux,  or  the 
Great  St.  Bernard.  The  Hospice 
was  from  1466  (possibly  earlier)  de- 
pendent on  that  of  the  Great  St. 
Bernard,  but  about  1750  was  handed 
over  to  the  military  and  religious 
order  of  SS.  Maurice  and  Lazarus.' 
(M. )  The  Rector  is  bound  to  enter- 
tain poor  travellers  gratuitously,  but 
fair  accommodation  {not  provisions 
for  excursions)  is  supplied  to  tourists, 
who  are  expected  to  make  an  offer- 
ing of  about  the  same  amount  as  they 
pay  in  an  hotel.  There  is  a  good 
library,  as  well  as  a  Meteorological 
station,  and  a  garden  of  Alpine 
plants. 

On  the  plateau  there  are  some  re- 
mains of  antiquity.  The  road  passes 
through  what  seems  to  be  a  Druidical 
circle,  said  to  be  unique  in  Italy,  but 
now  misnamed  '  Cirque  d'Annibal. ' 
Close  to  the  summit  of  the  pass  there 
is  a  column  of  Cipolline  marble, 
called  the  '  Colonne  de  Joux,'  which  is 
about  20  ft.  high  and  probably  be- 
longed to  the  Roman  temple.  It  is 
now  surmounted  by  a  statue  of  St. 
Bernard. 

[Many  excursions  and  ascents  may 
be  made  from  the  Hospice.  S.E. 
rises  the  Mont  Valaisan  (2,892  m., 
9,489  ft.),  an  outlier  of  the  Rutor 
group,  and  accessible  in  3-4  hrs.  A 
spur  running  N.  from  this  peak  is 
called  the  Belvedere  (2,692  m., 
8,832  ft.),  and  is  frequently  visited 
for  the  sake  of  the  view,  as  it  is  only 


1 1  hr.  distant.  On  the  N.W.  a 
much  higher  chain  divides  the  road 
over  the  pass  from  the  Allee  Blanche 
and  the  Versoye  glen.  The  nearest 
point  of  this  range  is  the  Roc  de  Beile- 
face  (2,861  m.,  9,387  ft.),  reached  in 
i-J  hr.  from  the  Hospice.  Another 
much- visited  point  of  view  (3  hrs.  by 
mule  path  to  the  summit)  is  the 
Lancebranlette  (2,936  m.,  9,633  ft.) 
The  range  continues  N.W.  through 
the  M.  Miravidi,  3,066  m.,  10,060  ft. 
(5  hrs.  from  the  Hospice,  a  fine 
point  of  view),  to  the  Pointe  de  Le- 
chaud  (3,127  m.,  10,260  ft.),  in 
which  it  culminates.  This  last  sum- 
mit can  be  gained  in  about  6  hrs. 
from  the  Hospice,  keeping  high  up 
on  the  E.  side  of  the  range  over  the 
Lavage ;  Argnerey,  and  Breuil 
glaciers,  while  it  is  easy  to  descend 
to  the  Col  de  la  Seigne  and  Mottets 
($  16.  Rte.  E).  Across  this  range 
the  Col  de  Forcle  (2,638  m.,  8,655 
ft.),  S.W.  of  the  Roc  de  Belleface, 
and  the  Col  de  Breuil  (2,879  m-? 
9,446  ft.),  N.  of  the  M.  Miravidi, 
lead  over,  in  5  hrs.  and  7-8  hrs.  re- 
spectively, to  Bonneval-les- Bains, 
at  the  junction  of  the  Versoye  glen 
with  that  coming  from  Les  Chapieux 
(see  §  11.  Rte.  K).  From  the 
Pointe  de  Lechaud  the  range  runs 
E.N.E.,  enclosing  the  head  of  the 
Chavannes  valley,  through  which  the 
Cols  des  Chavannes  (2,606  m.,  8,550 
ft.)  and  du  Baracon,  2.744  m-j 
9,003  ft.  (see  §  16.  Rte.  E),  lead 
I  over  in  7  hrs.  from  the  Hospice  to 
I  Courmayeur  by  way  of  the  Allee 
Blanche  ;  there  is  a  new  mule  track 
from  the  latter  to  Courmayeur  by  the 
Cols  de  Youla  and  de  PArp.  From 
the  Col  du  Baracon  the  fine  view- 
point of  the  Mont  Favre  (3,259  m., 
10,693  ft-]  on  tne  S.E.  may  be 
ascended,  but  if  taken  from  La 
Thuille  direct  (6J-7  hrs.)  it  is  best 
to  mount  the  Orgere  glen,  and  ascend 
the  great  gully  in  its  E.  face.] 

The  road  mounts  slightly  from  the 
Hospice,  passing  through  the  Druid- 
ical circle  mentioned  above,  and 
reaches   the   summit    of   the  pass 


294 


GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  14.  SASSIERE  DISTRICT 


(2, 188  m.,  7,179  ft.)„  marked  by  the 
4  Colonne  de  Joux,?  described  above. 
It  then  descends  past  some  ruins  of  a 
Roman  temple  or  house.  Near 
the  Lac  Vemey  the  range  of  Mont 
Blanc,  and  later  the  Grand  Combin 
and  the  Velan,  come  into  sight,  and 
present  a  magnificent  appearance  ;  to 
the  left  is  seen  the  summit  of  the 
Mont  Favre.  The  Cantine  des  Eaux 
Rousses  is  passed,  as  well  as  two 
other  Refuges,  and  soon  after  com- 
mences a  series  of  great  zigzags  de- 
scending to  the  hamlet  of  Pont  Ser- 
vanda where  the  Dora,  flowing  in  a 
deep  ravine,  is  crossed.  A  new  set  of 
zigzags  brings  the  traveller  to  the 
village  of  La  Thuille  (1,441  m., 
4,728  ft. ),  in  a  wide  basin  and  in  face 
of  the  great  Rutor  glacier  to  the  S., 
which  is  worth  a  visit  (see  last  Rte. ) 

[Many  of  the  excursions  from  the 
Hospice  can  also  be  made  from  La 
Thuille.  A  pedestrian  bound  for 
Aosta  may  gain  some  fine  views  of 
the  Mont  Blanc  range  by  following 
from  La  Thuille  a  mule  track  which 
passes  through  the  hamlet  of  Thovez 
and  then  a  pasture  valley  to  a  high 
upland,  called  the  '  Camp  of  Prince 
Thomas  of  Savoy,'  where  are  remains 
of  fortifications  thrown  up  in  1640  to 
guard  the  pass,  and  used  again  in 
1792.  The  path  runs  through  a  thick 
forest,  and  then  descends  steeply  to 
Morgex,  2  m.  below  Pre  St.  Didier, 
and  3  hrs.  from  La  Thuille  by  this 
very  pleasant  route.] 

The  road  soon  plunges  into  a  savage 
gorge,  through  which  it  is  carried  first 
above  the  right,  then  above  the  left, 
bank  of  the  torrent,  which  roars  at  a 
great  depth  below.  Two  tunnels  are 
traversed,  on  issuing  from  the  second 
of  which  a  splendid  glimpse  of  the 
Mont  Blanc  chain  is  caught,  before 
a  final  series  of  long  zigzags  leads 
down  to  the  level  of  the  Dora  Baltea 
valley  at 

Pre  St.  Didier  (1,010  m., 
3,314  ft. ),  2  m.  below  the  well-known 
mountain  resort  of  Courmayeur 
(§  16.  Rte.  E). 

Close  to  the  village  are  the  Baths 


(iron),  very  picturesquely  situated  and 
much  frequented  in  summer  by  Ita- 
lian visitors.  The  view  of  Mont 
Blanc,  and  the  surrounding  pine 
forests,  make  the  scenery  here  far 
superior  to  that  of  the  immediate 
neighbourhood  of  Courmayeur,  but 
Pre  St.  Didier  is  more  distant  than 
Courmayeur  from  all  the  objects  of 
interest,  with  the  sole  exception  of 
the  Crammont,  so  that  the  latter 
village  will  be  preferred  by  those  bent 
on  mountain  excursions. 

2  m.  below  Pre  St.  Didier  is 
Morgex,  the  chief  village  in  the 
magnificent  basin  called  the  Valdigne, 
which  is  dominated  by  the  mass  of 
Mont  Blanc.  (For  the  way  hence 
by  the  Col  Serena  to  the  Great  St. 
Bernard  see  §  18.  Rte.  B.)  The 
vine  begins  to  appear  here,  and  be- 
comes more  common  a  little  further 
down,  about  La  Salle,  a  poor  village 
above  the  road  (for  the  way  hence  to 
the  Mont  Fallere  see  §  18.  Rte.  B), 
with  a  seventeenth-century  castle  :  the 
I  village  preserves  in  its  name  that  of 
the  Salassi,  who  once  held  the  valley. 
The  valley  is  here  clothed  with  the 
fine  forest  of  Derby  on  the  S.  side, 
but  gradually  contracts,  as  it  ap- 
!  proaches  a  fine  modern  bridge  thrown 
across  the  Dora  Baltea,  close  to  the 
;  junction  of  a  torrent  (which  makes  a 
fine  waterfall)  from  the  Combe  de 
Vertosan.  Below  the  bridge  the 
;  valley  becomes  a  mere  defile  (called 
i  Pierre  Tail  lee),  and  the  road  is 
I  carried  along  the  right  bank  at  a 
I  great  height  above  the  stream,  in 
some  cases  forming  a  projecting  cor- 
nice, propped  up  by  massive  beams 
of  timber.  The  pass  was  formerly 
guarded  by  a  gate  and  drawbridges, 
which,  like  a  blockhouse,  intended  to 
enfilade  the  road,  have  now  dis- 
appeared, but  it  would  be  easy  to 
make  the  valley  impassable  to  a 
I  hostile  force  by  destroying  the  props 
which  sustain  the  road.  On  issuing 
from  the  narrowest  part  of  the  defile 
the  picturesque  village  of  Avise  is 
seen  on  the  opposite  bank,  and  the 
road  then  reaches  Liverogne,  at  the 


§  15-  GRAND  PARADIS  DISTRICT  (EASTERN  GRAIANS)  295 


entrance  of  the  Val  Grisanche  (see 
Rte.  E.  above).  Here,  and  through- 
out the  Val  d'Aosta,  it  is  painful  to 
contrast  the  beauty  of  the  scenery, 
and  the  richness  of  the  vegetation, 
with  the  poverty,  filth,  and  cretinism 
which  are  the  characteristics  of  the 
population.  The  road  crosses  the 
stream  flowing  from  the  Val  Gris- 
anche, and  through  a  fine  avenue  of 
walnut  trees  reaches  Arvier,  opposite 
a  steep  and  lofty  escarpment,  on  the 
N.  side  of  the  valley,  above  which  is 
seen  the  spire  of  the  church  of  St. 
Nicholas.  To  the  right  are  the 
openings  of  the  beautiful  valleys  of 
Rhemes  and  Savaranche  (see  Rte.  C. 
above,  and  §  15.  Rte.  I),  the  united 
streams  from  which  are  crossed  before 
entering  Villeneuve.  Immediately 
after  the  road  returns  to  the  left  bank 
of  the  Dora  Baltea,  and  soon  attains 
St.  Pierre,  with  an  ancient  castle, 
commanding  a  view  of  the  snowy 
Alps  at  the  head  of  the  Val  Sava- 
ranche. The  Grivola  is  seen  just  before 
St.  Pierre,  and  soon  after  the  rock 
tower  of  the  Grand  Nomenon  comes 
into  sight.  The  road  passes  opposite 
Aymaville,  at  the  mouth  of  the  Cogne 
valley  (§  15.  Rte.  B).  Several 
modernised  chateaux  are  seen  on 
either  slope  of  the  valley,  the  most 
remarkable  being  that  of  Sarre,  in 
which  are  preserved  the  horns  of  the 
numerous  bouquetins  and  chamois 
shot  by  the  late  and  present  Kings  of 
Italy.  The  character  of  the  vegeta- 
tion announces  a  marked  change  of 
climate,  as  the  valley  widens  out, 
and  the  road,  here  hot  and  dusty, 
reaches 

Aosta,  a  most  interesting  little  city, 
in  a  lovely  position,  which  is  fully 
described  in  §  15.  Rte.  A. 


SECTION  15. 

GRAND  PARADIS  DISTRICT 
{EASTERN  GRAIANS). 

As  has  been  pointed  out  in  the 
Introduction  to  this  Chapter,  the 
Eastern  Graians,  the  culminating 
point  of  which  is  the  peak  of 
the  Grand  Paradis  (4,061  m., 
13,324  ft.),  balances  the  mass  of 
the  Western  Graians  (described  in 
§12),  both  being  connected  with 
the  Central  Graian  chain  by  an 
isthmus.  In  the  case  of  the  Eastern 
Graians  this  isthmus  is  the  Col  de 
Nivolet,  connecting  the  Oreo  valley 
with  the  Val  Savaranche,  so  that 
these  two  valleys  form  the  natural  S. 
and  W.  limits  of  the  group,  while  the 
course  of  the  Dora  Baltea  from 
Aymavijle,  near  Aosta,  to  Ivrea 
bounds  it  on  the  N.  and  E.  These 
mountains  are  the  loftiest  which  are 
comprised  within  the  actual  kingdom 
of  Italy,  but  the  historical  fact  that 
their  N.  slope  forms  part  of  the  Duchy 
of  Aosta  accounts  for  the  prevalence 
of  the  Burgundian  tongue  (now  con- 
sidered a  patois  of  literary  French)  in 
that  portion  of  the  group,  while  as 
naturally  the  Piedmontese  dialect  of 
Italian  obtains  in  the  Oreo  valley  on 
their  S.  slope.  This  explains  the 
usage,  at  first  sight  very  puzzling,  by 
which  the  peaks  and  passes  of  this 
region  sometimes  bear  French,  some- 
times Italian  names. 

Within  the  area  indicated  above 
the  Eastern  Graians  fall  naturally  into 
two  well-marked  divisions,  of  unequal 
size,  and  separated  by  the  stream 
(called  below  Cogne  the  Grand9 
Eyvia)  which  flows  W.,  then  N.W. 
from  the  Fenetre  de  Champorcher 
past  Cogne  to  Aymaville. 

I.  To  the  N.  of  that  torrent  there 
rises  a  comparatively  small  group,  the 
highest  summits  in  which  are  the 
Mont  Em  ilius  (3,559m.,  1 1 , 67  7  ft. ) 
and  the  Tersiva  (3,513m.,  1 1 , 526  ft. ), 
the  best  known  being  the  Becca  di 


296       GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  15.  GRAND  PARADIS  DISTRICT 


Nona  (3,142  m.,  10,309  ft.)  As  this 
group  lies  between  Aosta  and  Cogne, 
the  natural  centre  of  the  Eastern 
Graians,  it  affords  many  mountain 
routes  from  one  of  those  places  to  the 
other  (see  Rte.  B.  2.  below). 

2.  To  the  S.  of 'the  above-mentioned 
stream  stretches  the  far  more  exten- 
sive and  important  main  ridge,  which 
runs  S.W.  from  the  Roisebanque  to 
the  Col  de  Nivolet,  the  chief  peaks  on 
it  being  the  Punta  Lavina  (3,308  m., 
10,854  ft.),  the  Punta  Sengie  (3,408 
m.,  11,182  ft.),  the  Punta  Ondezana 
(3,488  m.,  11,444  the  Tour  du 
Grand  St.  Piei're  (3,692  m.,  12,113 
ft. ),  the  Roccia  Viva  (3,650  m. ,  1 1,976 
ft.),  the  Punta  di  Gay  (3,623  m., 
11,887  ft-)j  the  Pointe  de  Ceresole 
{3,773  m.,  12,379  ft.),  the  Grand 
Paradis  (4,061  m. ,  13,324  ft.)  itself, 
the  Charforon  (3,665  m.,  12,025  ft.), 
and  the  Punta  Foura  (3,410  m., 
11,188  ft.)  The  ridge  on  which  the 
two  last-named  peaks  rise  may  also 
be  regarded  as  a  S.W.  spur  of  the 
Grand  Paradis,  but  there  are  two  far 
more  important  spurs  which  run  out 
to  the  N.  from  the  main  ridge,  and 
enclose  the  Valnontey ;  at  the  entrance 
of  which  stands  Cogne.  The  more 
easterly  of  these  two  N.  spurs  starts 
from  the  Tour  du  Grand  St.  Pierre, 
and  divides  the  Valeille  from  the 
Valnontey,  the  chief  independent 
summit  on  it  being  the  Patri  (3,423 
m. ,  11,231  ft. )  But  the  more  westerly 
of  the  two  spurs  is  in  every  way  more 
important.  It  takes  its  origin  at  the 
Grand  Paradis,  and  separates  the 
Valnontey  from  the  Val  Savaranche, 
while  it  is  crowned  by  some  of  the 
loftiest  and  finest  peaks  in  the  group 
— the  Petit  Paradis  (3,926  m.,  12,881 
ft.),  the  Bee  de  Montandeyne (3,850 
m.,  12,632  ft.),  and  the  splendid 
Mont  Herbetet  (3,778  m.,  12,396  ft.). 
It  then  sinks  to  the  Col  de  Latizon 
(3,307  m.,  10,850  ft.),  to  rise  again 
in  order  to  confront  the  great  range 
of  the  Pennine  Alps  in  the  daring  and 
beautiful  peak  of  the  Grivola  (3,969 
m.,  13,022  ft.),  N.  of  which  it  throws 
out  two  arms,  culminating   in  the 


Grand  Nornenon  (3,488  m. ,  11,444 
ft.)  and  the  Punta  Crevasse  (3,307 
m. ,  10,850  ft. )  respectively,  and  en- 
closing between  them  the  Nornenon 
glen,  which  leads  down  to  Vieyes.  Thus 
it  will  be  seen  that  these  great  N. 
spurs  projecting  from  the  main  ridge, 
together  with  the  portion  of  that 
ridge  stretching  between  the  St. 
Pierre  and  the  Grand  Paradis,  roughly 
form  three  sides  of  a  square,  whereon 
rest  most  of  the  great  glaciers  of  the 
group — in  the  S.W.  corner  the  huge 
Plan  de  la  Tribulation,  balanced  on 
the  S.  slope  of  the  ridge  by  the  nearly 
equally  extensive  Noaschetta  Glacier, 
while  in  the  S.E.  corner  is  the  wide 
Monet  Glacier,  corresponding  to  which 
on  the  E.  slope  of  the  ridge  is  the 
snake-like  Valeille  Glacier.  The 
N.W.  flank  of  the  Grand  Paradis  is 
covered  by  a  series  of  considerable 
ice-fields,  which  may  be  grouped 
together  as  the  Montandeytie  Glacier, 
while  its  S.W.  flank  bears  the  flat 
Moncorve  Glacier,  so  that  that  summit 
is  not  merely  the  loftiest  in  the 
district,  but,  appropriately  enough, 
the  centre  of  all  the  great  ice-fields 
therein  comprised. 

The  village  of  Cogne  (1,534  m., 
5.033  ft.),  lying  between  the  two 
main  groups  into  which  this  great 
mountain  mass  naturally  falls,  and  at 
the  mouth  of  the  most  considerable 
glen  included  in  it,  is  the  natural 
centre  of  the  district,  and  now  pos- 
sesses a  fair  inn  ;  Ceresole,  on  the  &. 
side  of  the  region,  has  a  first-class 
hotel,  while  Degioz,  in  the  Val 
Savaranche,  on  the  W.,  has  a  good 
inn.  But,  apart  from  Cogne,  the 
best  headquarters  for  a  mountaineer 
is  the  large  and  comfortable  Victor 
Emmanuel  Club  hut  (Rte.  K),  at  the 
S.W.  foot  of  the  Grand  Paradis. 
Elsewhere,  save  at  the  Piantonetto 
Club  hut,  at  the  S.  foot  of  the  Grand 
St.  Pierre,  recourse  must  be  had  to 
the  herdsmen,  who  are  everywhere 
hospitable  according  to  their  means. 

This  district  is  the  only  part  of  the 
Alps  where  the  bouquetin  {Germ. 
Steinbock ;  Italian,  stambecco)  still 


ROUTE  A.    TURIN  TO  AOSTA  BY  IVREA  297 


survives  in  a  wild  state.  It  is  re- 
served exclusively  as  royal  game,  and 
very  severe  penalties  are  enforced 
against  any  one  killing  or  injuring 
the  animal.  Chamois  also  abound 
in  this  preserved  district,  wherein 
many  good  mule  paths  have  been 
made  in  various  directions  for  the 
king's  convenience,  which  often  serve 
the  mountaineer,  who  should,  how- 
ever, recollect  that  some  of  them  lead 
up  to  gorges  whence  there  is  no  exit 
above.  Care  should  be  taken  not  to 
disturb  the  game  when  the  king  is 
hunting. 

The  flora  of  the  Cogne  district  is 
particularly  rich,  and  such  plants  as 
Eritrichiwn  naiium,  Ca??i_panula 
cenisia,  Linncea  borealis  are  by  no 
means  uncommon.  Some  valuable 
botanical  information  is  given  by 
Signor  Santi  in  the  '  Rivista  Mensile  ' 
of  the  Italian  Alpine  Club  for  March 
1896.  Mountaineers  will  find  all 
details  as  to  routes  up  peaks  and  over 
passes  in  the  '  Cogne  '  vol.  (1893)  of 
the  '  Climbers'  Guides  '  Series,  which 
is  accompanied  by  a  map  giving  the 
names  adopted  in  these  pages  ;  a  less 
detailed  account  of  the  district  is 
contained  in  Signori  Vaccarone,  Mar- 
telli,  and  Bobba's  '  Guida  delle  Alpi 
Occidental^ '  vol.  ii.  Parts  I  and  2 
(1889  and  1896). 


Route  A. 

TURIN  TO  AOSTA  EY  IVREA. 

M. 

Chivasso       .       .       .  .18 
Ivrea     .....  38^ 
Pont  St.  Martin    .       .  .49 
Bard  \       .  52 

Verres  56^ 

St.  Vincent   ....  63^ 
Chatillon      ....  64^ 
Nus      .       .       .       .       .  72 
Aosta  80 

Rail  in  4^-5  hrs. 

Chivasso,  on  the  main  line  from 
Turin  to  Milan,  is  18  m.  from  the 
former  and  75  m.  from  the  latter 
city,  while  it  is  20J  more  to  Ivrea, 
one  of  the  most  picturesque  of  the 
numerous  little  towns  which  mark  the 
point  at  which  the  Alps  sink  into  the 
Piedmontese  plain.  It  is  a  town  of 
some  10,000  inhabitants,  and  is  mainly 
built  (at  a  height  of  234  m. ,  768  ft. )  on 
a  promontory  above  the  Dora  Baltea. 
The  fourteenth- century  Castle,  now  a 
prison,  has  an  imposing  appearance, 
and  the  entrance  from  the  S.  by  a 
fine  bridge  over  the  Dora  is  highly 
picturesque.  The  geologist  should 
not  fail  to  examine  the  hills  which 
appear  to  close  the  mouth  of  the 
valley  below  the  town.  They  are  the 
gigantic  moraines  of  a  huge  glacier 
which  once  united  the  separate  ice 
streams  that  flowed  from  each  of  the 
lateral  valleys  of  the  Pennine  and 
Graian  Alps  into  the  Val  d'Aosta. 

[The  excursion  from  Ivrea  to 
Biella  and  its  environs  is  described  in 
§  20.  Rte.  K.  That  to  the  Val  Chiu- 
sella,  on  the  W. ,  may  be  briefly  noticed 
here.  The  most  important  place  in 
that  glen  is  Vico  Canavese,  2  hrs.  by 
carriage  road  from  Ivrea,  and  12J  m. 
by  road  from  Castellamonte,  which  is 
26|  m.  from  Turin  direct  by  the 
Cuorgne  railway  ( Rte.  I ).  3  m.  beyond 
Vico  the  carriage  road  ceases  at 
Traversella,  the  centre  of  the  industry 
connected  with  the  neighbouring  iron 
and  copper  mines.    Hence  a  mule 


298       GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  15.  GRAND  PARADIS  DISTRICT 


path  leads  up  to  Fondo,  or  Valchiu- 
sella  (1,077  m.,  3,534  ft),  the  chief 
place  in  the  upper  valley.  The  Val- 
chiusella  is  a  specially  beautiful  valley, 
rich  in  forests,  streams,  and  all  features 
needed  to  make  it  most  picturesque. 
But  it  has  hitherto  been  little  visited  by 
strangers,  as  there  are  no  inns  beyond 
Traversella,  so  that  the  hospitality  of 
the  village  priests,  or  of  the  herdsmen 
on  the  Alpine  pasturages,  must  be 
sought.  Above  the  hamlet  of  Fondo 
the  scenery  is  more  Alpine,  and,  as 
might  be  expected  from  the  position 
of  the  glen,  thrust  up  between  the 
Champorcher  and  Soana  valleys, 
there  are  many  passes  leading  from  it. 
The  Colle  del  Pra  (2,687  m.,  8,816 
ft. )  leads  over  in  5-6  hrs.  to  Ronco, 
and  from  it  two  of  the  highest  peaks 
in  the  Val  Chiusella — the  M.  Goiassa 
(2,870  m.,  9,416  ft.)  and  the  M.  Gia- 
vino  (2,817  m-j  9)242  ft.) — may  be 
ascended.  At  the  head  of  the  valley 
the  Bocchetta  delle  Oche  (2,406  m., 
7,894  ft. )  gives  access  to  Pianprato, 
in  the  eastern  branch  of  the  Val 
Soana  (6  hrs. ),  and  from  it  the  Monte 
Marzo  (2,750m.,  9,023  ft.),  the  most 
striking  peak  in  the  valley,  may  be 
climbed  by  its  W.  slope  in  1  hr.  (mag- 
nificent view),  or  it  may  be  reached 
in  a  short  \  hr.  from  the  Colle  degli 
Orti  (2,556  m.,  8,386  ft.),  on  the  E., 
by  which  Champorcher  is  attained  in 
6  hrs.  from  Fondo.  More  to  the  E. 
is  the  Colle  dei  Corni  (2,712  m., 
8,898  ft.),  between  the  same  places 
(6  hrs.),  whence  the  Ci?na  dei  Corni 
(2,781  m. ,  9,124  ft. )  is  accessible  in 
I  hr.  The  Colle  della  Dordogna 
(2,400  m.,  7,874  ft.)  leads  from  Fondo 
to  Bard  in  7  hrs.,  and  there  are 
several  other  passes  from  the  lower 
portion  of  the  Val  Chiusella  to  various 
places  between  Bard  and  Settimo 
Vittone.J 

The  railway  line  on  leaving  Ivrea 
pierces  by  a  long  tunnel  the  promon- 
tory on  which  stands  the  town,  then 
traverses  a  rich  flat,  passing  on  the 
right  the  fine  castle  of  Montalto,  and, 
beyond,  the  small  town  of  Settimo 
Vittone.      The   chestnut  gradually 


replaces  the  mulberry,  while  the 
Italian  dialect  of  the  province  of 
Turin  gives  way  to  the  Burgundian 
tongue,  which  is  the  historical  language 
of  the  Val  d'Aosta  and  its  tributary 
glens.  The  Val  d'Aosta  here  forms 
a  nearly  level  floor  between  the  hills 
that  gradually  subside  into  the  plain 
of  Piedmont,  but  it  commences  to  be 
hemmed  in  between  lofty  ranges, 
through  which  flows  the  Dora  Baltea 
before  issuing  from  the  Alps,  on  ap- 
proaching Pont  St.  Martin.  This  is 
the  first  place,  and  one  of  the  most 
beautiful,  in  the  Val  d'Aosta  properly 
so  called.  It  has  a  lofty  Roman 
bridge,  and  stands  at  the  month  of 
the  Val  de  Lys  (§  20.  Rte.  D). 
Higher  up  the  Dora  valley  is  Donnas, 
where  the  old  road  passed  through  a 
cutting  in  the  live  rock,  wherein  are 
still  preserved  the  figures  *  xxxvi,' 
indicating  the  number  of  Roman 
miles  from  Aosta  by  the  Roman  road. 
2  m.  further  the  line,  after  forcing  its 
way  along  the  bed  of  the  Dora  and 
passing  through  a  long  tunnel,  reaches 
Bard,  a  poor  village  at  the  entrance 
of  the  Val  Champorcher  (Rte.  D).  It 
is  famous  for  its  fort,  which  in  1800 
all  but  changed  the  destinies  of  Europe 
by  barring  for  some  days  the  passage 
of  the  valley  to  Napoleon  and  his 
army,  descending  from  the  Great  St. 
Bernard.  It  was  rebuilt  in  1830, 
and  is  now  one  of  the  strongest  forts 
on  the  Italian  slope  of  the  Alps.  The 
valley  widens  on  approaching  Verres, 
at  the  entrance  of  the  Val  d'Ayas 
(§  20.  Rte.  C).  It  is  dominated  by 
the  splendid  fourteenth-century  castle 
of  Challant,  the  former  seat  of  the 
powerful  lords  of  the  district.  It  com- 
mands a  noble  view.  Nearly  opposite 
is  the  fifteenth-century  castle  of 
Issogne,  the  most  important  and  best 
preserved  of  all  the  castles  scattered 
throughout  the  Val  d'Aosta.  Beyond 
Verres  the  valley  soon  narrows  again, 
and  the  way  lies  through  a  deep  defile 
amidst  syenitic  rocks,  here  interposed 
between  the  schists  at  the  head  of  the 
valley,  and  a  zone  of  gneiss  stretching 
from  the  S.  side  of  the  Graian  chain 


ROUTE  A.    TURIN  TO  AOSTA  BY  IVREA 


to  the  head  of  the  Val  Sesia.  A 
glimpse  is  caught  on  the  right  of  the 
ruined  castle  of  Montjovet  or  St.  Ger- 
main, which  commanded  the  old  road 
through  this  defile,  now  traversed  by 
the  railway  by  means  of  a  fine  viaduct 
and  several  tunnels.  On  issuing  from 
this  gorge  the  traveller  finds  himself 
in  the  smiling  basin  of  St.  Vincent, 
surrounded  by  magnificent  chestnut 
and  walnut  trees.  It  is  known  for 
its  much-frequented  mineral  spring, 
and  as  the  point  at  which  the  route 
over  the  Col  de  Joux  to  Brusson 
turns  off  (§  20.  Rte.  I).  Here  the 
Dora  Baltea,  which  has  flowed  about 
due  E.  for  25  miles,  turns  to  the 
S.S.E.  Close  to  St.  Vincent  are  the 
remains  of  a  Roman  bridge.  A  little 
way  beyond  St.  Vincent  is  Chatillon, 
at  the  mouth  of  the  Val  Tournanche, 
through  which  lies  the  frequented 
route  to  Zermatt,  which,  as  well  as 
Chatillon  itself,  is  described  in  §  20. 
Rte.  B.  The  line  turns  W.  and 
follows  the  Dora  past  Chambave, 
which  gives  its  name  to  a  wine  of  some 
repute  in  Piedmont,  and  Fern's,  above 
which  there  is  another  fourteenth - 
century  castle.  Through  the  Fenis 
glen,  as  well  as  that  of  St.  Marcel,  a 
little  to  the  W. ,  easy  passes  lead  over 
in  9  hrs.  to  Cogne,  passing  on  either 
side  of  the  fine  peak  of  the  Tersiva 
(3,513  m.,  11,526  ft.)  A  short  dis- 
tance beyond  Fenis  is  Nus,  at  the 
opening  of  the  St.  Barthelemy  glen 
(§  19.  Rte.  G),  with  a  sixteenth- 
century  castle.  Nearer  Aosta  the 
twelfth-century  castle  of  Qua?-t  stands 
in  a  commanding  position  on  the  N. 
side  of  the  valley,  and  is  worth  visit- 
ing for  the  sake  of  the  fine  view 
gained  thence.  The  country  be- 
comes more  and  more  fertile,  and, 
after  crossing  the  Buthier  by  a  long 
iron  bridge,  the  line  reaches  its  pre- 
sent terminus, 

Aosta  (583  m.,  1,913  ft.),  a  small 
city  which  is  the  capital  of  the  Duchy 
of  Aosta,  the  last  remnant  of  the  Bur- 
gundian  or  original  dominions  of 
the  present  royal  House  of  Italy. 
Hence  the  local  tongue  is  not  Italian, 


but  a  dialect  of  French,  while  the 
buildings  (save  the  towers  with  open 
arcades  at  the  top)  show  only  Bur- 
gundian  influence.  It  is  admirably 
situated  in  a  rich  valley  surrounded  by 
snow-capped  mountains,  the  glaciers 
of  the  Rutor  being  seen  in  one 
direction  (S.W.),  the  precipices  of  the 
Mont  Emilius  in  another  (S. ),  and  the 
snows  of  the  Combin  in  a  third  (N. ) 
It  was  founded  B.C.  24  by  Augustus 
(in  whose  honour  it  was  named  Au- 
gusta Prcetoria),  on  the  ruins  of  the 
chief  town  of  the  Salassi,  taken  and 
destroyed  by  his  general  Terentius 
Varro.  Few  places  in  Europe  have 
so  well  preserved  the  plan  and  the 
general  character  of  the  Roman  city. 
The  ramparts,  forming  a  perfectly 
regular  rectangle,  are  still  in  good 
preservation,  especially  on  the  S. 
side,  on  which  they  are  most  easily 
approached.  The  E.  gate,  or  Porta 
Prcetoria,  still  exists,  and  a  short 
distance  to  its  E. ,  on  the  road  which 
forms  the  principal  approach  to  the 
city,  is  a  splendid  Triuniphal  Arch, 
erected  in  honour  of  Augustus  by  Te- 
rentius Varro.  Near  it,  at  some  dis- 
tance beyond  the  actual  course  of  the 
Buthier,  is  a  Roman  bridge,  which 
formerly  crossed  that  stream,  but  is 
now  partly  buried  in  the  soil  that  has 
accumulated  over  the  ancient  bed. 
There  are  also  remains  of  the  Amphi- 
theatre, and  of  several  other  buildings 
of  Roman  date,  as  well  as  many 
Roman  inscriptions  scattered  through 
the  city.  Several  mediaeval  towers 
have  been  built  on  the  Roman  walls, 
of  which  the  most  remarkable  are  the 
Tour  de  Bramafan  (S.  side),  built  by 
the  mighty  Challant  family,  and  the 
Tour  du  Lepreux  (W.  side),  famous 
as  the  scene  of  a  real  tragedy,  best 
known  through  Xavier  de  Maistre's 
version.  The  Cathedral  Church  (W. 
end  of  the  city)  is  of  no  great  an- 
tiquity, save  the  crypt,  as  it  has  been 
rebuilt ;  but  it  contains  some  good 
mediaeval  (not  Roman)  mosaics,  as 
well  as  good  fifteenth-century  carved 
choir  stalls  and  cloister,  while  there 
are  several  interesting  antiquities  in 


300        GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  15.  GRAND  PARADIS  DISTRICT 


the  sacristy.  The  Collegiate  Chu?rh 
of  St.  Ursus  (E.  end  of  the  city)  has 
also  an  ancient  crypt,  and  good  carved 
choir  stalls ;  its  twelfth-century  clois- 
ters are  very  remarkable,  one  of  the 
columns  still  bearing  the  date  at  which 
the  building  was  commenced,  11 33. 
Among  the  celebrated  men  whose 
names  are  associated  with  Aosta  it 
may  suffice  to  name  St.  Anselm, 
later  archbishop  of  Canterbury,  born 
here  about  1033,  and  his  contem- 
porary St.  Bernard  of  Menthon, 
second  founder  of  the  Hospice  on  the 
Great  St.  Bernard.  The  Chanoine 
Carrel,  whose  Meteorological  Obser- 
vatory here  was  so  well  known  to 
many  English  travellers,  died  in  1870, 
and  six  years  later  there  passed  away 
another  friend  of  English  visitors  to 
Aosta,  Jean  Tairraz,  of  Chamonix, 
who  built  the  H.  du  Mont  Blanc, 
outside  the  city,  which  is  still  one  of 
the  most  delightful  inns  in  the  Alps. 

Aosta  is  the  meeting  point  of  many 
routes.  That  over  the  Little  St. 
Bernard  (and  to  Courmayeur)  is 
described  in  §  14.  Rte.  G ;  the  Great 
St.  Bernard  in  §  18.  Rte.  A;  the  Col 
de  Fenetre  to  the  Val  de  Bagnes  in 
§  18.  Rte.  E  ;  the  Valpelline  in  §  19. 
Rte.  E  ;  the  Val  Savaranche  in  §  15. 
Rte.  I ;  the  Val  de  Rhemes  in  §  14. 
Rte.  C  ;  and  the  Val  Grisanche  in 
§  14.  Rte.  E. 


Route  B. 

AOSTA  TO  COGNE. 

As  mentioned  in  the  Introduction 
to  this  Chapter,  the  mountain  group 
of  which  Mont  Emilius  is  the  culmi- 
nating point  lies  between  Aosta  and 
the  village  of  Cogne.  The  usual  way 
from  one  of  those  places  to  the  other 
turns  this  group  on  the  W.,  but 
mountaineers  may  find  several  more 
interesting  routes  across  the  moun- 


tains. It  is  well  to  start  early  from 
Aosta  in  either  case,  in  order  to  avoid 
the  heat  of  the  sun  as  much  as 
possible. 

1.  By  Boad  (5-6  hrs. )  — Carriage 
road  to  Aymaville ;  rough  road  thence 
to  Cogne.  From  Aosta  the  high  road 
towards  Courmayeur  is  followed  till 
just  before  passing  under  the  Chateau 
of  Sarre.  Here  a  new  road  branches 
off,  which  crosses  the  Dora  Baltea  to 
Aymaville,  but  pedestrians  can  save 
J  hr.  by  taking  the  steep  old  char  road, 
which  quits  the  high  road  just  opposite 
Aymaville.  From  Aymaville  a  steep 
and  wearisome  ascent  by  a  stony  road 
leads  S.  round  the  mountain-side, 
keeping  well  above  the  Grand'  Eyvia 
and  the  Pont  d'El. 

[If  coming  from  Courmayeur  the 
pedestrian  should  leave  the  main  road 
in  the  Aosta  valley  just  below  Ville- 
neuve,  and  mount  by  the  left  bank  of 
the  Grand'  Eyvia,  in  shade  in  the 
afternoon,  to  the  village  of  Pont  d'El, 
whence  a  path  ascends  to  the  char 
road  from  Aymaville.  By  that  path 
a  traveller  coming  from  Aosta  can  by 
a  slight  detour  visit  the  very  curious 
Pont  d'El,  which  spans,  at  a  height 
of  52  m.  (171  ft),  the  Grand'  Eyvia, 
flowing  from  Cogne.  The  arch  of 
the  bridge  was  intended  to  serve  the 
double  purpose  of  bridge  and  aque- 
duct, since  below  the  path  over  it  a 
vaulted  gallery,  which  formerly  served 
to  convey  water,  is  carried  across  the 
arch,  one  entrance  being  in  the 
village,  and  the  other  on  the  opposite 
bank.  A  Roman  inscription,  still 
perfectly  fresh,  seen  over  the  arch  on 
the  N.  side  of  the  bridge,  records  its 
construction  in  the  thirteenth  year  of 
the  reign  of  Augustus.  J 

The  road  continues  round  another 
shoulder  of  the  mountain,  and  passes 
by  a  bridge  to  the  left  bank  of  the 
Grand'  Eyvia,  just  where  the  valley 
turns  from  N.  to  S.E.  After  passing 
the  narrow  part  of  the  gorge  the 
village  of  Vieyes  ( 1 , 1 32  m. ,  3, 7 14  ft.  \ 
at  the  mouth  of  the  Nonienon  glen,  is 
reached. 

[At  the  head  of  this  glen,  and 


ROUTE  B.    AOSTA  TO  COGNE 


301 


2-2-|  hrs.  from  Vieyes,  stand  the 
chalets  of  Grand Nomenon  (2,317  m., 
7,602  ft.),  which  command  a  view 
probably  unsurpassed  in  the  Alps. 
Close  overhead  towers  the  graceful 
£>eak  of  the  Grivola,  while  the 
Aiguille  du  Geant,  the  Grandes  Jo- 
rasses,  and  the  Grand  Combin  assert 
themselves  boldly  in  the  distance. 
Hence  the  Cols  de  Mesoncles  (2,916  m. , 
9,567  ft.)  and  de  Belleface  (3,098  m., 
10,165  ft.),  lying  respectively  N.  and 
S.  of  the  fine  rocky  tooth  of  the  Grand 
Nomenon  (3,488  m.,  11,444  ft-) — 
accessible  from  the  former  pass  in 
2  hrs.  — lead  over  to  Degioz,  in  Val 
Savaranche,  in  about  5  hrs.  or  so. 
The  traveller  on  his  way  to  Cogne 
who  has  been  tempted  to  make  the 
much-recommended  detour  to  these 
chalets  need  not  return  to  Vieyes,  but 
may  cross  in  3  hrs.  direct  from  the 
huts  by  the  Col  de  Trajo  (2,872  m. , 
9,423  ft. )  N.  of  the  Punta  Crevasse  to 
Epinel,  f  hr.  below  Cogne.  J 

The  road  runs  along  the  left  bank 
of  the  stream,  winding  through  a 
narrow  gorge,  and  passing  a  fine 
waterfall,  before  it  crosses  to  Epinel, 
from  which  the  end  of  the  Trajo 
gl.  and  the  Punta  Crevasse,  3,307 
m.,  10,850  ft.  (S.  of  the  Col  de 
Trajo,  whence  it  can  be  best  climbed 
in  \\  hr.  by  skirting  the  rocky  W. 
face  to  the  last  bit  of  the  S.  arete), 
are  conspicuous.  \  hr.  higher  up  the 
glen  is  Cretaz,  where  the  traveller 
enters  on  the  fair  green  meadows  of 
Cogne,  that  village  itself  being  but 
J  hr.  distant. 

2.  By  the  Mountains. — A  pedes- 
trian has  the  choice  of  many  routes 
open  to  him. 

(a)  The  shortest  in  point  of  dis- 
tance are  those  over  the  Col  du  Drinc 
(2,550  m.,  8,366  ft.),  or  the  Col  de 
Chaz  Seche  (2,820m.,  9,252  ft.),  both 
being  traversed  by  mule  paths,  and 
lying  across  the  westernmost  spur  of 
the  Mont  Emilius  group.  The  Dora 
is  crossed  by  a  great  bridge  to  Char- 
vensod,  from  which  point  the  ascent 
begins.  Thence  the  mule  track, 
amid  near  scenery  and  distant  views 


of  continually  increasing  beauty, 
winds  to  the  S.  up  the  grassy  slopes 
past  the  Sanctuary  of  St.  Grat,  and 
the  chalets  of  Chamole.  The  Drinc 
then  lies  to  the  S.W.  (4J  hrs.  from 
Aosta),  and  the  Chaz  Seche  to  the 
S.E.  (5  hrs.  from  Aosta.)  The  fine 
view  may  be  further  extended  by 
mounting  the  Pointe  du  Drinc,  2,663 
m-j  8,737  ft.  (20  min.  from  the  pass 
of  that  name),  whence  Aosta  and 
Cogne  are  both  visible. 

From  the  Drinc  a  descent  in  a  S.E. 
direction  leads  to  Epinel  (if  hr. ), 
f  hr.  below  Cogne.  The  descent  from 
the  Chaz  Seche  passes  the  beautifully 
situated  Arpisson  chalets,  whence  the 
main  path  goes  by  those  of  Chavanis 
to  Epinel  (2 \  hrs.  from  the  pass), 
while  a  beautiful  traverse  to  the  S.E. 
leads  to  the  hamlet  of  Gimilia?i,  j-hr. 
above  Cogne. 

(b)  A  mountaineer  will,  however, 
prefer  to  ascend  the  Becca  di  Nona 
or  the  Mont  Emilius  on  his  way  to 
Cogne,  spending  the  night  at  the 
Comboe  chalets.  These  huts  are  best 
reached  from  Aosta  (4  hrs. )  by  a  mule 
path,  which  turns  sharply  from  the 
Chamole  huts  to  the  N. ,  and  by  the 
Col  de  Plan  Fenetre  (2,225  m-> 
7,300  ft.)  crosses  the  W.  boundary 
ridge  of  the  Comboe  glen,  the  huts 
being  gained  by  some  steep  zigzags. 

[On  the  way  from  Chamole,  or 
direct  from  the  pass,  the  point  called 
by  Chanoine  Carrel  the  Signal  Sis- 
7/ionda  (2,347  m.,  7,700  ft.)  may  be 
attained  in  a  few  minutes,  the  view 
thence  being  very  fine,  so  that  those 
who  fear  the  fatigue  of  the  ascent  of 
the  Becca  di  Nona  may  content  them- 
selves with  visiting  this  belvedere, 
4  hrs.  from  Aosta.  3 

[Another  route  to  Comboe,  \  hr. 
longer,  but  even  more  beautiful  than 
that  indicated  above,  is  described  by 
Mr.  Tuckett  in  the  second  Series  of 
'  Peaks,  Passes,  and  Glaciers.'  Taking 
a  path  which  turns  to  the  left  above 
Charvensod,  he  mounted  S.E.  to  the 
Ponce  hut,  at  the  N.E.  foot  of  the 
ridge  running  N.  from  the  Signal 
Sismonda.    He  then  bore  round  the 


302        GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  15.  GRAND  PARADIS  DISTRICT 


E.  slope  of  this  ridge,  and  entered 
the  upper  part  of  the  gorge  of  the 
Dard  or  Comboe,  which  forms  a 
beautiful  cascade  below  the  dark  mass 
of  the  Becca  di  Nona,  with  the 
Matterhorn  closing  the  view  to  the 
N.  E.  In  the  lower  part  of  this  gorge 
there  are  some  curious  natural  pillars, 
figured  by  Mr.  Jacomb  in  the  work 
just  referred  to.  A  path  leads  down 
from  the  N.  ridge  of  the  Signal  Sis- 
monda  along  a  watercourse  to  the 
cascade  in  a  green  hollow,  in  which 
the  stream  is  crossed  to  the  Ponteille 
huts.  Hence  its  E.  bank  is  ascended, 
and  a  grassy  ridge  crossed  before  at- 
taining the  still  higher  hollow  in 
which  are  the  Comboe  huts.  J 

The  Comboe  chalets  (2,121  m., 
6,959  ft.),  with  the  pasturages  sur- 
rounding them,  belong  to  the  cathe- 
dral chapter  of  Aosta,  but  that  for- 
merly fitted  up  by  the  late  Chanoine 
Carrel  for  the  use  of  travellers  is  not 
now  available,  and  recourse  must  be 
had  to  the  ruder  quarters  occupied  by 
the  herdsmen.  It  is,  however,  very 
advisable  to  break  the  journey  here, 
if  bound  over  either  of  these  peaks  to 
Cogne,  as  the  Becca  is  2,559  m. 
(8,396  ft.)  above  Aosta,  and  the  Mont 
Emilius  2,976  m.  (9,764  ft.)  These 
two  summits  rise  in  the  range  E.  of 
Comboe,  but  the .  Mont  Emilius  lies 
some  distance  back.  The  head  of 
the  glen  is  closed  by  the  Col  de 
Garin  (2,868  m.,  9,411  ft.),  the  most 
convenient  for  a  traveller  on  his  way 
from  the  Becca  to  Cogne,  while  the 
Col  d'Arbole  (3,137  m.,  10,292  ft.), 
just  S.  of  Mont  Emilius,  is  the  best 
for  a  party  wishing  to  take  that  peak 
on  the  way. 

a.  By  the  Becca  di  Nona  and  the 
Col  de  Garin  (c.  8  hrs. ) — There  is  a 
mule  path  (somewhat  neglected  of 
late)  from  Comboe  to  the  summit 
(2J  hrs. ),  which  bears  first  S.,  then 
E.  at  the  S.  foot  of  the  promontory 
of  Gros  Cez  by  the  Vaile  hollow  (in 
which  a  direct  footpath  from  Comboe 
joins  the  mule  track).  The  Italian 
Alpine  Club  has  built  close  to  the 
summit  of  the  Becca  di  Nona  (3,142 


m.,  10,309  ft.)  a  shelter  hut,  called 
the  Capanna  Budden.  It  is  to  the 
late  Chanoine  Carrel,  of  Aosta,  that 
travellers  are  indebted  for  a  know- 
ledge of  this  admirable  point  of  view, 
and  it  was  the  same  gentleman  who 
defrayed  the  expense  of  constructing 
the  mule  path,  and  who  (1855  and 
i860)  published  a  complete  litho- 
graphed panorama  from  the  summit. 
Many  of  our  countrywomen  have  thus 
been  enabled  to  enjoy  this  excursion, 
of  which  one  of  them  has  given  an 
interesting  account  in  the  pleasant 
volume  entitled  '  Alpine  Byways. ' 
The  view  includes  the  whole  S.  slope 
of  the  Pennine  Alps  from  Mont 
Blanc  to  Monte  Rosa,  with  the  chain 
of  the  Eastern  Graians.  The  rich 
Val  d'Aosta  seems  to  lie  immediately 
at  the  spectator's  feet. 

A  traveller  bound  from  the  Becca 
to  Cogne  need  not  return  to  Comboe, 
but  from  the  foot  of  the  Gros  Cez 
should  bear  to  the  left,  so  as  to  join 
the  path  which  mounts,  at  the  last 
steeply,  to  the  Arbole  huts  and  pas- 
tures (if  hr. )  The  head  of  the  glen 
bends  gradually  E.  to  the  Col  d'Arbole 
(see  2),  but  the  proper  course  is  to 
keep  nearly  due  S.  by  stones,  past 
the  lower  Arbole  lake  (2,490  m. , 
8,170  ft.),  and  then  through  a  gorge, 
sometimes  filled  with  snow,  to  the 
Col  de  Garin  (2,868  m.,  9.411ft.), 
about  ijhr.  from  Arbole.  The  view 
hence,  says  Mr.  Tuckett,  was  one  of 
unexpected  sublimity.  Beyond  the 
deep  trench  of  the  Cogne  valley  the 
noble  forms  of  the  Grand  Paradis  and 
the  Grivola  are  seen  in  full  grandeur. 
The  descent  on  the  S.  side  lies  in  a 
S.W.  direction  at  first  over  debris, 
and  then  over  pastures  to  the  Arpisson 
chalets,  which  are  beautifully  situated, 
the  view  from  the  cross  near  them 
towards  the  Grivola  being  considered 
by  some  to  rival  that  of  the  Jungfrau 
from  the  Schilthorn.  They  may  be 
made  the  object  of  an  excursion  from 
Cogne  (see  next  Rte. )  The  cow  path 
descends  along  the  torrent  to  Epmel, 
f  hr.  below  Cogne,  but  from  the 
Chavanis  chalets  a  shorter  path  leads 


ROUTE  B.    AOSTA  TO  COGNE 


303 


to'  the  left  to  Cretaz,  J-  hr.  below 
Cogne,  which  is  thus  reached  in  about 
3  hrs.  from  the  pass. 

Following  the  advice  of  M.  Carrel, 
the  writer  (J.  B.)  took  (in  1866) 
another  way  from  the  summit  of  the 
Becca  to  Cogne,  which  he  thinks 
worth  the  attention  of  travellers. 
Instead  of  descending  to  the  foot  of 
the  Gros  Cez,  he  left  the  ordinary 
track  a  few  minutes  below  the  top  of 
the  mountain,  and  bore  to  the  left 
towards  a  col  near  a  little  tarn,  which 
he  passed  on  the  W.  side.  Keeping 
the  same  direction,  there  is  no  diffi- 
culty in  reaching  (less  than  1  hr. 
from  the  Becca)  a  second  col  over- 
looking the  head  of  the  Arbole  glen. 
This  rather  up  and  down  way  brings 
a  traveller  to  a  point  not  far  from  the 
foot  of  the  high  snow  pass  called 
Pasdu  Valaisan  (3,194m. ,  10,479ft.), 
just  N.  of  the  Pointe  de  Garin,  but 
Mr.  Ball  preferred  to  take  the  route 
over  the  Col  d'Arbole,  described 
under  b. 

b.  By  the  Mont  Emilins  and  the 
Col  d'Arbole  (8J-9  hrs. )— As  stated 
above,  the  Montf  Emilius  (3,559  m. , 
11,677  ft.)  is  the  highest  summit  in 
the  mountain  mass  lying  between 
Aosta  and  Cogne.  The  ascent  is 
longer  and  more  laborious  than  that 
of  the  Becca  di  Nona,  while  the  eye 
does  not  plunge  quite  so  directly  into 
the  Aosta  valley,  though  the  mount- 
ain panorama  from  the  summit  is 
finer  than  that  from  the  Becca.  The 
excursion  is,  however,  full  of  interest. 
The  Editor  (J.  B. )  has  been  favoured 
by  notes  of  the  ascent  (probably  the 
first  by  foreign  travellers)  made  by 
Mr.  W.  Mathews  and  Professor 
Bonney  on  August  12,  1862.  Start- 
ing from  Comboe,  the  party  mounted 
in  a  S.  direction,  at  the  last  steeply, 
to  the  Arbole  chalets  (55  min. )  The 
glen  here  bears  E. ,  and  at  its  head  it 
is  closed  by  a  small  glacier,  lying 
between  the  Mont  Emilius  on  the  1. 
and  the  Pointe  de  Garin  on  the  r. 
2  hrs.  sufficed  to  reach  the  base  of 
this  glacier,  above  the  upper  Arbole 
lake  (2,961  m. ,  9,715  ft.),  one  of  the 


highest  in  the  Alps.  In  crossing  this 
glacier  they  bore  to  the  1. ,  and,  after 
mounting  a  steep  face  of  rock,  reached 
the  S.  arete  of  the  peak,  formed  of 
shattered  rocks,  which  led  them  in 
1  hr.  from  the  base  of  the  glacier  to 
the  summit  of  Mont Emilius  (3,559  m., 
11,677  In  1871  a  gigantic  statue 
of  the  Madonna  was  erected  here. 
Prof.  Bonney  made  (unfortunately 
for  private  circulation  only)  a  pano- 
rama (part  of  which  was  given  with 
former  editions  of  this  work)  from  the 
top,  which  gives  some  idea  of  the 
magnificent  view  which  it  commands. 
The  precipices  falling  towards  the 
valley  of  Aosta  are  of  extraordinary 
height  and  steepness,  and  the  city  is 
seen  apparently  at  the  base  of  the 
mountain.  Saxifraga  bryoides  and 
Androsace  glacialis  were  found  close 
to  the  summit.  Messrs.  Mathews 
and  Bonney  kept  nearly  the  whole 
way  along  the  S.  ridge  of  the  moun- 
tain till  they  reached,  in  1  hr.,  its 
lowest  point,  the  Col  d Arbole 
(3,137  m.,  10,292  ft.)  This  pass 
properly  connects  the  Arbole  glen 
with  that  of  Lore  or  Laures,  which 
joins  the  Aosta  valley  at  Brissogne, 
about  5  m.  E.  of  Aosta.  No  doubt 
the  ascent  of  the  Mont  Emilius  might 
be  made  through  it  direct  from  Aosta, 
but  the  height  to  be  surmounted, 
nearly  10,000  ft.,  makes  it  advisable 
to  sleep  at  Comboe,  if  it  be  desired  to 
obtain  a  clear  view. 

A  party  bound  to  Cogne  should 
descend  by  the  glacier  on  the  E.  side 
of  the  Col  d'Arbole,  and  then  bear 
round  to  the  S.  E. ,  so  as  to  gain  the 
Col  des  Laures  (3,040  m. ,  9,974  ft.), 
which  connects  the  Laures  glen  with 
that  of  Grauson  (35  min.)  Steep 
rocks  and  screes  lead  down  past  the 
Lussert  lakes  to  the  head  of  a  tribu- 
tary of  the  Grauson  valley,  whence, 
either  by  the  marshy  Susse  plain  on 
the  E.  or  by  rocky  slopes  direct,  the 
Grattson  huts,  standing  at  the  junction 
of  that  tributary  glen  with  the  main 
Grauson  valley,  are  attained  (1  hr. 
20  min.  from  the  Col  des  Laures). 
The  track  down  the  Grauson  valley 


GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  15.  GRAND  PARADIS  DISTRICT 


runs  at  first  high  above  the  left  bank 
of  the  stream ,  which  it  traverses  about 
half-way  down,  then  descending  high 
above  the  right  bank  to  the  stone 
bridge  over  the  Grand'  Eyvia,  just  E. 
of  the  village  of  Cogne,  which  is 
reached  in  I J  hr.  from  the  Grauson 
chalets. 

The  grand  view  of  the  Grivola, 
gained  from  the  Col  de  Garin,  is 
missed  on  the  route  just  described, 
but  the  views  of  the  Grand  Paradis 
and  its  glaciers  during  the  descent 
from  the  Col  des  Laures  are  scarcely 
less  striking. 


Route  C. 

EXCURSIONS  AND  ASCENTS  FROM 
COGNE.     ASCENT  OF  THE  GRIVOLA. 

There  are  not  many  places  in  the  Alps 
that  offer  so  many  interesting  excur- 
sions and  ascents  within  a  small  area 
as  the  village  of  Cogne,  while  it  affords 
the  additional  attraction  of  a  cool  retreat 
from  the  oppressive  heat  of  the  neigh- 
bouring valley  of  Aosta.  It  stands 
in  a  beautiful  position  at  a  height  of 
1,534  m.  (5,033  ft.),  at  the  E.  corner 
of  a  triangular  green  plain,  nearly  1 
mile  wide,  at  the  junction  of  the 
Valnontey  on  the  S.,  and  the  Grauson 
glen  on  the  N.E. ,  with  the  main 
valley,  which  descends  from  the 
Fenetre  de  Champorcher  on  the  E., 
and  is  watered  by  the  Grand'  Eyvia. 
The  tributary  glen  of  Valeille,  which 
is  parallel  with  the  Valnontey,  joins 
the  main  valley  at  Lila,  a  little  to  the 
E.  of  Cogne.  The  view  from  Cogne 
through  the  main  valley  descending 
towards  the  Val  d'Aosta  is  closed  by 
a  magnificent  prospect  of  Mont  Blanc 
himself.  The  Grivola  is  invisible 
from  the  village,  though  the  Pointe 
du  Pousset  (3,046  m. ,  9,994  ft.),  its 
N.E.  spur,  is  very  conspicuous  thence. 
The  Grand  Paradis  itself  can  only  be 


seen  by  going  a  short  distance  out  of 
the  village  in  an  E.  direction,  while 
the  Roccia  Viva  is  seen  on  the  way  to 
the  cemetery.  Due  S.  of  Cogne 
opens  the  Valnontey,  the  snow- 
covered  peaks  at  the  head  of  which 
form  the  great  glory  of  the  view  from 
the  village  itself ;  going  from  E.  to 
W.  the  spectator  sees  the  Pointe  de 
Ceresole  (3,773  m.,  12,379  ft.),  the 
Becca  di  Noaschetta,  3,447  m.,  11,310 
ft.  (just  peering  over  the  main  ridge), 
the  Tete  de  la  Tribulation  (3,642  m., 
11,949  ft-) 5  the  Tete  de  Valnontey 
(3,543m.,  11,625  ft-)j  and  the  Tete 
de  Grandcroux,  E.  of  which  is  the 
well-defined  depression  of  the  Col  de 
Grandcroux  (3,305  m.,  10,844  ft.) 

The  pastures  of  Cogne  have  been 
since  a  very  early  period  the  property 
of  the  bishops  of  Aosta.  In  1 191  the 
reigning  bishop  obtained  permission 
from  the  count  of  Savoy  to  build  a 
castle  at  Cogne,  the  present  edifice, 
however,  dating  only  from  1 672, 
though  on  the  foundation  of  the  older 
building.  It  is  now  occupied  by  the 
king  of  Italy,  who  owns  all  the 
hunting  rights  in  the  district.  (The 
telegraph  line  is  no  longer  reserved 
for  the  king's  use. )  The  considerable 
mines  of  rich  iron  ore  N.E.  of  Cogne 
(there  is  also  one  of  argentiferous  lead 
j  at  the  head  of  the  Valeille)  have  long 
j  been  known.  They  are  now  aban- 
doned, not  from  deficiency  of  ore 
(for  that  is  believed  to  be  inexhausti- 
ble), but  owing  to  the  heavy  expense 
of  working  at  so  great  a  height. 
They  may  be  visited  in  about  2J  hrs. 
from  Cogne.  The  botanist  will  reap 
a  rich  harvest  at  Cogne,  and  should 
not  neglect  to  visit  (2-3  hrs.)  the 
pastures  of  Chavanis  (see  Rte.  D). 
Among  other  very  rare  plants  found 
in  the  Cogne  valley  are  Astragalus 
alopeairoides,  Valeriana  celtica,  Lin- 
nma  borealis,  axi&Eritrichhim  nanum. 

1.  Walks  Eound  Cogne. 

One  of  the  most  beautiful  short 
walks,  which  no  traveller  should  omit 
to  take,  is  that  up  to  the  village  of 
Giinilian  (1  hr.),  on  the  mountain 
slope  N.  of  Cogne.    The  way  leads 


ROUTE  C.    EXCURSIONS  AND  ASCENTS  FROM  COGNE  305 


across  the  stone  bridge  a  little  E.  of 
Cogne,  and  then  up  a  series  of  stony 
zigzags.  No  spot  near  Cogne  com- 
mands so  magnificent  a  view  of  the 
peaks  and  glaciers  that  surround  the 
valley.  The  excursion  may  be  pro- 
longed by  following  a  track  along  the 
mountain-side  in  a  N.W.  direction  to 
the  beautifully  situated  Arpisson 
chalets  (1^-2  hrs. ),  on  the  route  of 
the  Col  de  Garin  (Rte.  B.  2.  a), 
regaining  Cogne  in  2  hrs.  or  so  by 
the  path  leading  from  those  chalets  to 
one  or  other  of  the  hamlets  just  below 
Cogne.  The  botanist  will  not  fail  to 
follow  the  mule  path  towards  the 
Fenetre  de  Champorcher  (Rte.  D.)  on 
theE.  as  far  as  the  pastures  of  Chavanis 
(2-3  hrs.),  even  if  he  is  not  tempted 
to  push  on  to  the  summit  of  the 
Roisebanque  (see  2.  below) ;  the  return 
to  Cogne  may  be  made  by  way  of  the 
iron  mines,  taking  the  path  which 
traverses  the  mountain  slopes  above 
the  lower  tier  of  terraces  N.  of  the 
main  valley.  Another  pleasant  ex- 
cursion is  to  mount  by  the  Col  de 
Lauzon  mule  path  (Rte.  H.  1)  to  the 
king's  hunting  lodge  (2  J- 3  hrs. )  ;  the 
return  to  Cogne  may  be  made  in 
3-4  hrs.  by  another  mule  path  which 
crosses  the  Col  de  Pian  Tsalende  at 
the  S.E.  foot  of  the  PuntaRossa,  and 
then  descends  past  the  Vermiana  huts 
to  Cretaz,  J-  hr.  below  Cogne.  A 
stroll  up  the  Valnontey  towards  the 
foot  of  the  glaciers  at  its  head  ( 2§  hrs. ; 
see  Rte.  G)  may  well  be  extended  by 
mounting  either  to  the  Herbetet  chalets, 
on  the  W.  (3-J  hrs.  from  Cogne  :  see 
Rte.  H.  2),  or  to  the  Monei  chalets,  on 
the  E.  (2 J  hrs.  from  Cogne  :  see  Rte. 
F.  2),  both  spots  commanding  most 
extensive  views  over  the  glaciers  at  the 
head  of  the  Valnontey. 
2.  Easy  Ascents. 

Those  travellers  who  do  not  feel 
capable  of  undertaking  the  ascent  of 
the  Grivola  should  at  least  push  on 
from  the  Pousset  huts  to  the  edge  of 
the  Trajo  glacier  (4  hrs.  from  Cogne). 
The  view  may  be  greatly  extended  by 
climbing  in  ij  hr.  from  the  Pousset 
huts  the  Pointe  du  Pousset  (3,046  m., 

I. 


9,994  ft.),  which  makes  such  a  brave 
show  from  Cogne,  or  (in  I  hr.  from  the 
edge  of  the  glacier)  the  Punt  a  Rossa 
(3,652  m.,  11,982  ft.)  By  keeping 
along  the  N.  slopes  of  the  latter 
point,  or  its  S.W.  ridge,  it  is  perfectly 
easy  to  attain  (ij  hr.  from  the  edge 
of  the  glacier)  the  higher  Punt  a  Nera 
(3,692  m.,  12,113  ft.),  one  of  the 
finest  belvederes  in  the  district,  and 
easily  reached  by  any  one  who  can 
walk  over  gentle  snow  slopes  for 
I J  hr.  From  the  Punta  Nera  it  is 
easy  to  gain  the  king's  -hunting  lodge 
on  the  Col  de  Lauzon  path  in  rather 
over  an  hour  by  the  S.E.  slopes  of 
the  peak,  the  mule  track  over  the  Col 
des  Rayes  Noires  (at  its  S.  foot)  being 
soon  joined.  But  it  is  still  better  to 
push  on  from  the  summit  in  \  hr.  by 
the  ridge  to  the  Punta  Bianca  (3,801 
m.,  12,471  ft.),  immediately  at  the 
S.  base  of  the  Grivola  ;  thence  the 
Trajo  glacier  may  be  regained  in 
I  J- 2  hrs.  by  the  Col  de  la  Grivola 
(between  the  Grivola  and  the  Punta 
Bianca),  and  the  steep  slate  slopes  on 
its  E.  side,  or  the  descent  effected 
towards  the  Val  Savaranche  by  way 
of  the  W.  arete  of  the  Punta  Bianca. 
From  the  edge  of  the  Trajo  glacier  the 
bold  little  peak  of  the  Grivoletta. 
(3,526  m.,  11,569  ft.)  can  be  attained 
in  \\  hr.  by  its  S.W.  arete,  the  view 
hence  of  the  glorious  snowy  N.  arete 
of  the  Grivola,  and  of  the  glaciers  at 
the  N.  base  of  that  peak,  being  most 
striking ;  Cogne  may  be  regained  by 
way  of  the  gap  on  the  E.  "  and  the 
Trajo  glen. 

Among  the  summits  N.  or  E.  of 
Cogne  the  Pointe  de  Garin  (3,447 
m.,  11,309  ft.)  may  be  climbed  in 
5  hrs.  either  by  way  of  the  Grauson 
glen  and  the  S.E.  arete  or  by  the 
Arpisson  huts  and  the  W.  arete.  The 
Tour  d'A rpisson  ( 10, 700  ft. )  as  a  view- 
point rivals  the  Pousset.  It  can  be 
reached  in  4J  hrs.  from  Cogne  by  the 
Arpisson  huts  and  the  Col  de  Pila,  to 
its  S.W.,  and  the  return  made  in  2 \ 
hrs.  by  easy  couloirs  to  a  good  path 
on  the  W.  side  of  the  Grauson  glen 
leading  down  directly  to  Gimilian. 

x 


3o6       GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  15.  GRAND  PAR  AD  IS  DISTRICT 


But  the  fine  view  thence  obtained  is 
surpassed  by  that  from  the  higher  and 
more  favourably  placed  Tersiva  (3,513 
m. ,  1 1 , 526  ft. )  This  peak  is  accessible 
from  Cogne  in  about  6  hrs.  by  the 
Grauson  glen  and  the  N.  or  W.  arete  ; 
the  return  may  be  made  by  crossing  the 
Col of  Invergneux (2, 891  m.,  9,485  ft.), 
at  itsS.W.  foot,  to  Cret,  ontheFene- 
tre  de  Champorcher  route  (Rte.  D). 
In  either  case  the  ascent  is  rather  long, 
and  monotonous,  but  the  panorama 
from  the  summit  is  one  of  the  most 
magnificent  possible,  the  Matterhorn 
in  particular  being  seen  through  the 
whole  length  of  the  Val  Tournanche, 
which  opens  nearly  due  N.  of  the 
peak.  The  Punta  Lavina  ( 3 , 308  m. , 
10,854  ft.),  at  the  S.E.  corner  of  the 
Bardoney  glen  (Rte.  E),  is  accessible 
in  5-5J  hrs.  by  that  glen,  and  the  N. 
ridge,  or  the  W.  face  ;  the  great 
feature  of  the  view  is  the  wide  outlook 
over  the  Piedmontese  plains  on  the 
S.E.  Even  easier  than  the  last- 
named  ascent  is  that  of  the  Roisebanque 
(the  name  means  the  i  white  glacier'), 
3,164  m.,  10,381  ft.  (5  hrs.),  by  way 
of  the  Fenetre  de  Champorcher  path 
nearly  to  that  pass,  and  then  along 
the  W.  ridge  ;  it  is  easy  to  descend 
from  the  peak  in  almost  every  direc- 
tion, while  the  splendid  view  from 
the  top,  and  the  great  number  of  rare 
and  lovely  flowers  found  on  the  way 
up,  should  make  this  one  of  the  most 
popular  among  the  easy  ascents  from 
Cogne. 

3.  High  Ascents. 

(a)  The  Grivola. — To  the  aspiring 
mountaineer  this  is  the  grand  object  of 
a  visit  to  Cogne.  But  although  the 
Grivola  (and  especially  its  most  deli- 
cate snowy  N.  ridge)  is  conspicuous  in 
all  distant  views  of  this  region  by  reason 
of  its  great  height,  3,969  m.,  13,022 
ft.,  and  its  remarkable  form,  it  is  so 
far  buttressed  round  by  minor  masses 
that  it  is  not  well  seen  from  the 
valleys  of  Cogne  or  Aosta,  and  this 
circumstance  perhaps  has  been  the 
cause  of  the  neglect  with  which  it 
was  long  treated  by  Alpine  travellers. 
The  direction  from  which  its  ascent 


appears  least  difficult  is  along  the  S. 
ridge,  formed  of  rocks,  alternating 
with  very  steep  snow-slopes,  and  it 
was  by  this  way  that  Mr.  Tuckett 
made  his  attempt  in  1859.  (It  was 
not  till  1890  that  Signor  Bobba  suc- 
ceeded in  effecting  this  difficult  route, 
keeping  close  to  the  S.  ridge. )  Later 
in  the  same  year  Messrs.  J.  Ormsby 
and  R.  Bruce  made  the  first  ascent  of 
the  peak,  starting  from  the  Val 
Savaranche  (for  the  route  on  that  side 
now  followed  see  Rte.  I.  below). 
Finally,  in  1 861,  M.  Chamonin,  the 
cure  of  Cogne,  who  had  already  made 
two  attempts  which  served  to  set  him 
on  the  right  track,  reached  the  sum- 
mit from  Cogne  by  a  route  which, 
under  ordinary  circumstances,  offers 
no  great  difficulties.  An  active 
walker  can  easily  accomplish  the 
ascent  and  return  in  a  day  from 
Cogne,  so  that  there  is  no  real  need 
to  make  use  of  the  poor  accommoda- 
tion at  the  highest  Pousset  chalets. 
Opposite  the  hamlet  of  Cretaz  [\  hr. 
below  Cogne)  a  steep  mule  path 
mounts  S.W.  past  the  Lower  to  the 
Upper  Ours  huts.  Here  the  path  to 
the  Vermiana  huts  runs  S.W. ,  but  a 
party  bound  for  Pousset  must  be  care- 
ful to  take  another,  which  leads  in  a 
N.  W.  direction  across  a  ridge  to  the 
Pousset  glen,  whence  a  path  leads  past 
the  Lower,  up  through  glacier-worn 
rocks,  to  the  Upper  Pousset  huts, 
2,557  m.,  8,389  ft.  (2J  hrs.  from 
I  Cogne. )  The  good  path  towards  the 
I  Pointe  du  Pousset  is  followed  for 
1  some  distance,  but  at  a  cairn  it  is 
!  necessary  to  bear  S.W.  up  steep  and 
I  stony  slopes,  by  which  the  E.  edge 
of  the  Trajo  glacier  is  reached  at  a 
point  sometimes  improperly  called  the 
Col  du  Pousset,  3,206  m.,  10,519  ft. 
(i-|  hr.  from  Pousset.)  Here  a  fine 
view  of  the  Grivola,  seen  across  the 
Trajo  glacier,  bursts  on  the  spectator. 
Some  Alpine  travellers  have  com- 
pared the  view  hence  with  that  of 
the  Matterhorn  seen  from  some  points 
on  the  ridge  of  the  St.  Theodule  Pass, 
and  of  the  Gross  Glockner,  from  the 
I   Hohenwartscharte.  The  Matterhorn  is 


ROUTE  C.    EXCURSIONS  AND  ASCENTS  FROM  COGNE  307 


altogether  a  more  colossal  peak,  and  in 
its  dimensions,  as  in  the  plan  of  its 
Titanic  architecture,  is  perhaps  un- 
rivalled in  the  Alps,  but  it  has  not 
what  in  the  eyes  of  some  may  be 
called  the  peculiar  gracefulness  of  ; 
form  that  distinguishes  the  Grivola. 
The  Gross  Glockner  is  a  far  nearer  : 
likeness  to  the  Grivola,  which  is  , 
but  561  ft.  higher  than  the  Glock-  | 
ner,  while  the  points  of  view 
are  of  about  equal  elevation.  Both 
are  pyramidal  peaks,  laterally  com- 
pressed, so  that  their  faces  are  of 
unequal  width.  Of  the  Glockner  the 
S.  and  W.  faces — of  the  Grivola  the 
N.  and  N.  E.  faces — are  snow  slopes  of 
extreme  length  and  steepness,  while 
the  opposite  faces  consist  mainly  of 
rock.  But  while  the  Glockner,  as 
seen  from  the  S.W. ,  is  still  sharper, 
and  perhaps  more  elegant  in  form, 
there  is  no  point  from  which  it  is  so 
well  seen  as  the  Grivola  is  from  the 
E.  edge  of  the  Trajo  glacier.  The 
Hohenwartscharte  is  a  point  in  a 
snowy  ridge  which  rises  continually 
towards  the  base  of  the  pyramid, 
while  from  the  edge  of  the  Trajo 
glacier  the  nearly  level  surface  of 
that  glacier  furnishes  the  desired  con- 
trast, enabling  the  eye  to  measure  the 
steepness  of  the  peak,  which  rises 
2,500  ft.  above  the  spectator. 1 

From  the  E.  edge  of  the  Trajo 
glacier  the  ice  is  crossed  to  the  foot 
of  the  great  rocky  S.E.  face  of  the 
Grivola  (f  hr.  or  less).  (Travel- 
lers are  strongly  warned  against 
being  induced  to  try  the  tempting 
N.E.  arete,  which  is  extremely  dim- 
cult,  and  takes  three  times  as  long  as 

1  It  may  be  permitted  to  the  present 
Editor  (W.  A.  B.  C.)  of  this  work  to  state 
here  that,  while  well  acquainted  with  the 
Grivola  from  all  sides,  it  seems  to  him  to  be 
mpst  majestic  from  the  S.W.  and  N., 
whereas  if  looked  at  from  the  E.  across  the 
Trajo  glacier  it  is  (in  his  opinion)  remark- 
ably stumpy,  and  unimpressive.  He  is  in- 
duced to  mention  tbis  opinion,  as  many 
travellers,  after  reading  the  enthusiastic 
description  given  by  Mr.  Ball  in  his  text, 
may  feel  disappointed  when  they  come  to 
compare  it  with  the  reality.  Such  was  his 
own  experience,  and  he  is  not  the  only  tra- 
veller who  has  been  similarly  disappointed. 


the  usual  route.)  'The  ascent  is 
made  by  mounting  the  long  couloir 
seen  most  to  the  left  from  the  E. 
edge  of  the  Trajo  glacier  nearly  to 
its  summit,  then  crossing  to  the  next 
couloir  on  the  right,  and  going  up  it 
to  the  N.E.  arete,  gained  within  a 
short  distance  of  the  summit  of  the 
peak  5  (A.  G.  G. )  The  ascent  of  the 
final  peak  from  the  glacier  takes  from 
if  hr.  to  3  hrs.,  according  to  the 
condition  of  the  rocks,  which  are, 
under  ordinary  circumstances,  quite 
easy,  though  in  the  gullies  there  is  a 
certain  danger  of  falling  stones.  Mr. 
W.  Mathews,  when  making  (in  1862) 
the  third  ascent,  gathered  Campanula 
cenisia  at  aheight  of  1 2,047  ft. ,  while  in 
1896  Mr.  J.  S.  Masterman  found  Saxi- 
fraga  oppositifolia  at  about  the  same 
height.  The  peak  is  composed  of 
crystalline  schists,  in  which  chlorite 
and  mica  alternately  predominate. 
Good  walkers  may  return  to  Cogne 
in  4  hrs.  or  less. 

{b)  The  Grand  Paradis. —The  as- 
cent of  this,  the  culminating  peak 
(4,061  m.,  13,324  ft.)  of  the  entire 
chain  of  the  Graians,  is  long  and 
fatiguing,  if  made  from  Cogne,  the 
Victor  Emmanuel  Club  hut  (at  its 
W.  foot)  being  by  far  the  best  starting 
point  (see  Rte.  K).  If  the  ascent  be 
undertaken  from  Cogne  it  is  prac- 
tically necessary  to  bivouac  in  a  cave 
at  the  E.  foot  of  the  more  southerly 
of  the  two  great  rocky  spurs,  which 
divide  the  icefalls  of  the  very  exten- 
sive Tribulation  glacier.  This  miser- 
able shelter  may  be  reached  in  3^  hrs: 
from  Cogne  by  following  the  Col  de 
Grandcroux  route  (Rte.  G)  to  t:^e 
Grandcroux  glacier,  and  then  mounts 
ing  over  moraine  to  the  foot  of  the 
spur.  2  hrs.  suffice  to  climb  up  this 
spur  to  the  great  rolling  plain  of  the 
Tribulation  glacier,  which  is  crossed 
to  the  E.  foot  of  the  peak  in  1-2  hrs. 
more.  It  is  generally  best  to  make 
by  several  snow  and  rock  gullies  for  the 
Col  du  Petit  Paradis  (the  lowest  point 
between  the  Grand  and  the  Petit  Para- 
|  dis)  itself,  or  some  point  on  the  easy 
I   ridge  S.  of  it,  which  is  then  followed  to 

x  2 


308      GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  15.  GRAND  PARADIS  DISTRICT 


the  summit  (2 J-3  hrs.)  Of  late  years 
a  favourite  route  (see  Rte.  K.  1)  has 
been  that  first  taken  in  1888  by 
Messrs.  Coolidge  and  Yeld  up  a  great 
snow  couloir  (at  the  extreme  S.W. 
corner  of  the  Tribulation  glacier  and 
just  W.  of  the  Col  de  l'Abeille),  by 
which  the  S.  arete  of  the  Grand 
Paradis  is  gained  just  N.  of  the  rock 
at  which  the  three  main  ridges  join, 
and  the  usual  route  from  the  W.  soon 
joined.  But  this  route  is  best  taken 
from  the  Victor  Emmanuel  Club  hut. 
It  is  usually  no  very  arduous  task  to 
reach  the  summit  from  Cogne,  but 
the  first  party  to  make  the  ascent 
from  this  direction  (Monsieur  G. 
Frassy,  in  1869)  in  the  route  which 
they  forced  from  the  Herbetet  chalets 
to  the  Tribulation  glacier,  and  on  the 
ascent  of  the  E.  face  (forcing  a  way 
to  the  S.  of  those  mentioned  above) 
encountered  extraordinary  difficulties, 
so  that  their  recital  of  their  adventures 
long  caused  this  route  from  Cogne  to 
be  considered  very  difficult,  though 
in  reality  it  is  not  usually  so. 

(c)  The  Mont  Herbetet.  —  This 
splendid  rock  peak  (3,778  m.,  12,396 
ft.),  which  seems  to  be  particularly 
liable  to  be  struck  by  lightning,  rises 
in  the  long  ridge  between  the  Grand 
Paradis  and  the  Grivola,  but,  though 
first  conquered  in  1873  by  Signor 
L.  Barale,  long  remained  unknown 
to  Alpine  travellers  in  general.  Now 
it  is  one  of  the  favourite  ascents  from 
Cogne,  whence  it  may  be  reached  by 
three  routes,  all  starting  from  the 
Herbetet  chalets,  3J  hrs.  from  Cogne 
by  the  route  of  the  Col  de  l'Herbetet 
(Rte.  H.  2).  The  easiest  route,  pro- 
bably, is  to  gain  (in  2 \  hrs. )  the  South 
Col  de  l'Herbetet,  and  then  in  2  hrs. 
more  to  climb  up  the  rocky  N.  arete 
to  the  summit.  A  better  scramble  is 
afforded  by  the  E.  arete,  of  which 
the  foot  is  attained  in  2  hrs.  from  the 
chalets,  and  which  is  then  followed 
(rocks  good  and  firm)  in  3-4  hrs.  more 
to  the  top.  Yet  a  third  route  (first 
discovered  in  1895)  *s  to  g°  from  the 
Herbetet  huts  to  the  Col  Bonney 
(3  hrs. ),  just  S.  of  the  peak,  and  then 


to  clamber  up  and  around  the  jagged 
S.  arete  to  the  summit  (2-3  hrs. J 
Mountaineers  thus  have  a  choice  of 
routes  for  taking  this  very  grand  peak 
on  their  way  from  Cogne  to  Degioz, 
in  Val  Savaranche. 

(d)  The  Tour  du  Grand  St.  Pierre. 
—  This  pyramidal  point  (3,692  m., 
12,113  ft-)  rises  at  the  S.E.  corner  of 
the  Valnontey,  thus  balancing  the 
Grand  Paradis  at  the  S.W.  corner  of 
that  glen.  It  was  first  attained  in  1867 
by  Messrs.  Freshfield,  Tucker,  Car- 
son, and  Backhouse,  and  the  route 
taken  by  them  was  long  the  usual 
one  from  Cogne.  It  involves,  how- 
ever, a  great  detour,  as  it  is  necessary 
to  mount  the  Valeille  nearly  to  the 
Col  de  Teleccio  (Rte.  F),  hrs. 
from  Cogne,  and  then  to  climb  up  in 
1  hr.  to  the  N.  ridge,  by  which  (some 
smooth  rocks)  the  summit  is  attained 
in  hr.  more,  according  to  the 

condition  of  the  rocks.    The  view  is 
extremely  fine,  especially  towards  the 
Piedmontese  plains.    It  was  only  in 
1 89 1  that  the  true  direct  route  up 
j   this   peak    from    Cogne   was  first 
I   effected.    The  pastures  of  Monei  are 
gained  (20  min.   may  be  saved  by 
passing  N.   of  them,  if  the  Monei 
huts  have  not  been  used  as  sleep- 
ing quarters)  in  2 \  hrs.  by  the  Col 
de  Monei  route  (Rte.  F),  which  is 
followed  till  near  the  N.W.  foot  of 
the  peak  (3  hrs.)    The  rocks  on  the 
N.    edge  of  the   great   snow  wall 
between  the  St.  Pierre  and  the  Tour 
j   St.  Andre,  just  N.  of  it,  are  scaled  to 
!   the  N.  arete,   on  which  the  route 
!   from  the  Col  de  Teleccio  is  joined  ; 
'   probably  2J-3  hrs.   suffice   for  the 
ascent  from  the  Monei  glacier.  The 
summit  may  also  be  reached  in  about 
5  hrs.  from  the  Col  de  Monei  itself, 
over  the  many  towers  on  the  rocky 
W.  arete.    (For  the  way  up  the  S. 
face  from  the  Piantonetto  Club  hut 
see  Rte,  F.) 


ROUTE  D.    COGNE  TO  BARD 


309 


Route  D. 

COG^E  TO  BARD  BY   THE  FENETRE 
DE  CHAMPORCHER. 

9~9§  hrs.  by  mule  path. 

For  those  who  have  already  visited 
Aosta,  and  who  wish  to  approach 
the  Italian  valleys  of  Monte  Rosa  by 
another  route  from  Cogne,  this  way 
will  afford  a  pleasant  variation.  It  is 
quite  easy,  as  it  is  traversed  by  one  of 
the  king's  hunting  paths  (said  not  to 
be  very  well  kept  up).  It  was  formerly 
known  under  the  name  of  Fenetre  de 
Cogne. 

The  valley  path  is  followed  from 
Cogne  in  a  S.E.  direction  along  the 
left  bank  of  the  stream,  till  it  crosses 
to  the  hamlet  of  Champlong,  on  the 
opposite  bank.    Soon  after  the  open- 
ing of  the  Valeille  is  seen  on  the  S. 
Pedestrians  do  well  to  take  a  steep 
and  stony  path  above  the  right  bank, 
which  passes  by  the  chapel  of  Cret 
(many  rare  flowers  here  —  hence  to  the 
Grauson  valley  and  Tersiva  by  the 
Gol  dTnvergneux,  Rte.  C.  2),  and  the 
Ponton  lake.  But  the  king's  mule  path 
descends  (half-way  between  Champ- 
long  and  Cret)  to  the  stream,  crosses 
it  to  Bose,  and    continues  on  the 
left  bank,  making  a  long  round  by 
the  entrance  of  the  Bardoney  glen. 
In  either  case  the   chalets  on  the 
Chavanis  pastures  (famous  for  rare 
flowers)    are    reached     in  about 
2^3  hrs.  from  Cogne  (it  being  neces- 
sary to  traverse   the   torrent  from 
Cret,  if  the  foot  path  has  been  fol- 
lowed).   Near  these  chalets,  on  stony 
slopes  of  debris,  is  one  of  the  very 
few  known  habitats  of  a  curious  plant, 
J&thionema  Tho7?iasianum.     2  hrs. 
from  Chavanis,  past   the  Brouillot 
huts,  suffice  to  attain  the  pass  (2,838 
m-i  9>311  ft.) ?  a  mere  notch  in  the 
ridge.    The  view  hence  of  the  Grand 
Paradis  is  one  of  the  finest  in  this  part 
of  the  range.    In  the  opposite  direc- 
tion the  rugged  summits  on  the  ridge 


separating  the  Champorcher  glen  from 
that  of  Soana  are  more  striking  than 
might  be  expected  from  their  rela- 
tively moderate  height. 

The  mule  path  on  the  other  side 
descends  by  soft  and  rather  slippery 
soil  to  a  dreary  plateau  watered  by 
glacier  streams,  above  which  on  the 
S.  is  the  Miserin  lake  (whither  a 
branch  path  leads  up),  with  the  chapel 
of  N.  D.  de  la  Neige  on  its  shore.  The 
Dondena  huts  are  passed  (hence  the 
M.  Glacier,  3,186  m.,  10,453  ft.,  on 
the  N. ,  may  be  ascended  in  3  hrs.  by 
way  of  the  Col  Fussi,  on  its  S.W. , 
which  gives  access  by  a  hunting  path  to 
the  Fenis  glen).  Soon  after  the  mule 
path  (the  foot  path  keeps  high  above 
the  left  bank  all  the  way  to  Champor- 
cher) descends  by  many  zigzags  to 
cross  a  promontoiy  (hence  the  whole 
length  of  the  Champorcher  glen  is 
overlooked),  and  by  more  zigzags 
reaches  (2-2 \  hrs.  from  the  pass) 
Champorcher  (1,427  m.,  4,682  ft.), 
the  chief  hamlet  in  the  glen  of  that 
name. 

[Hence  many  passes  lead  in  differ- 
ent directions.  The  Colle  degli  Ort'i, 
and  the  Colle  dei  Corni,  whence 
the  Monte  Marzo  and  the  Cima  dei 
Corni  respectively  may  be  ascended, 
lead  over  in  6  hrs.  to  the  Val  Chiu- 
sella,  described  in  Rte.  A.  The  Colle 
Larizza  or  della  Reale  (2,605  m. , 
8,547  ft. )  and  the  Col  de  Santanel 
(2,540  m. ,  8,334  ft.)  give  easy  access 
in  7-8  hrs.  to  Pia?tprato,  at  the  head 
of  the  E.  arm  of  the  Val  Soana, 
and  about  if  hr.  above  Ronco  (see 
Rte.  E).  A  traveller  bound  direct 
to  Aosta  may  profitably  reach  Verres 
in  3  hrs. '  from  Champorcher  by  the 
Col  de  Plan  Fejtetre.^ 

The  village  of  Champorcher  is 
8  miles  (2-J-3  hrs.)  by  a  mule  path 
through  the  Champorcher  glen  (de- 
scribed by  Mr.  King  in  his  '  Italian 
Valleys  of  the  Pennine  Alps ')  from 
Bard,  in  the  Val  d' Aosta,  now  a  station 
on  the  railway  from  Aosta  to  Turin 
(Rte.  A). 


3io      GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  15.    GRAND  <  PARADIS  DISTRICT 


Route  E. 

COGNE  TO  PONT  CANAVESE  BY  THE 
VAL  SOANA. 

,  On  the  S.  E.  flank  of  the  Eastern 
Graians  the  principal  valley  is  that  of 
Soana,  which  joins  the  great  valley  of 
the  Oreo  (Rte.  I)  at  Pont  Canavese. 
The  Soana  valley  is  formed  by  the 
union  of  three  Alpine  glens  near 
Ronco,  956  m. ,  3,137  ft.  (7  miles  by 
a  good  char  road,  through  a  most 
picturesque  glen,  from  Pont  Cana- 
vese.) The  most  easterly  of  these 
(that  of  Pianprato)  was  briefly  noticed 
in  the  last  Rte.,  as  through  it  de- 
scends the  path  from  Champorcher 
over  the  Colle  Larizza  or  della  Reale. 
Several  passes  lead  from  Cogne 
through  the  central  arm  (that  of 
Campiglia)  to  Ronco,  while  the  most 
westerly  arm  (that  of  Forzo)  is  con- 
nected with  Cogne  by  passes  from 
both  the  Bardoney  and  the  Valeille 
gien.  The  usual  routes  between 
Cogne  and  Ronco  are  by  the  Colle 
della  Nouva  and  the  Col  de  Bardoney, 
the  passes  from  the  Valeille  being 
fitted  for  mountaineers  only. 

1.  By  the  Colle  della  Nouva 
(8J  hrs.  to  Ronco). — This  pass  is  also 
called  the  Col  de  V 'Arietta,  but  its 
proper  name  is  Nouva,  as  in  the 
Middle  Ages  it  was  called  i  Fenes- 
tra Nova,'  to  distinguish  it  from  the 
Fenetre  de  Champorcher.  There  is 
a  royal  hunting  path  over  it,  but  it  is 
in  a  ruinous  condition.  The  Fenetre 
de  Champorcher  route  (Rte.  D)  is 
followed  to  the  Brouillot  huts  (3  hrs. ), 
whence  the  ruined  track  leads  up  in 
a  S.E.  direction  in  i\  hr.  between 
two  small  glaciers  to  the  pass  (2,933 
m. ,  9,623  ft.),  a  mere  window  in  the 
ridge,  whence  Turin  is  seen.  The 
pass  commands  a  very  grand  view  of 
the  range  of  Mont  Blanc,  on  one  side, 
and  on  the  other  looks  over  the  Val 
Soana  to  the  plain  of  Piedmont,  and 
the  Montferrat  hills,  beyond  Turin. 
By  mounting  a  couple  of  hundred  | 


feet  to  a  knoll  on  the  W.  of  the 
pass,  this  view  becomes  a  panorama 
which  includes  many  of  the  principal 
peaks  of  the  Pennines  and  the  Eastern 
Graians. 

Many  zigzags  lead  down  tc  the  Cam- 
piglia glen,  the  village  of  Campiglia 
being  gained  in  3  hrs.  from  the  pass, 
and  Ronco  in  1  hr.  more.  Above  Cam- 
piglia the  botanist  may  find  many  in- 
teresting plants,  among  which  Sapo- 
naria  lutea  and  Silene  vallesia  are 
conspicuous,  while  walnut  trees  are 
seen  half-way  between  the  hamlet  of 
Campiglia  (1,350  m.,  4,429  ft. )  and 
Ronco  (956  m.,  3,137  ft.),  an  unusual 
height.  There  are  several  other  passes 
from  the  Bardoney  glen  into  the  Cam- 
piglia glen,  but  that  most  to  the  S.  W. , 
the  Col  des  Eaux  Rouges,  is  alone  of 
importance  to  mountaineers,  as  thence 
the  Punta  Lavina  (3,308  m.,  10,854. 
ft. )  may  be  ascended  in  1  hr. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  Bardoney  (8  hrs. 
to  Ronco). — The  Bardoney  glen  runs 
from  N.  to  S.  on  the  W.  side  of  the 
Punta  Lavina,  and  is  separated  from 
the  Valeille  on  the  W.  by  a  little- 
known  ridge.  The  entrance  of  the 
Bardoney  glen  is  reached  from  Cogne 
by  following  the  king's  hunting  path 
towards  the  Fenetre  de  Champorcher 
(Rte.  D)  till  near  a  fine  waterfall, 
when  another  track  on  the  left  bank 
of  the  Bardoney  torrent  leads  S.  up 
to  the  Bardoney  chalets  (3  hrs.  from 
Cogne).  The  way  then  lies  due  S. 
up  the  glen,  stones  and  a  small  glacier 
giving  access  to  that  pass  (2,833  m., 
9,295  ft.)  in  2  hrs.  from  the  chalets. 

£The  ascent  of  the  Lavina  from  this 
glen  has  been  noticed  in  Rte.  C.  2. 
The  peak  of  the  Graiide  Arolla 
(3,302  m.,  10,834  ft.),  just  W.  of  the 
pass,  and  at  the  point  of  junction  of 
the  Bardoney,  Valeille,  and*  Forzo 
glens,  may  be  reached  from  the  Col 
de  Bardoney  in  1J-2  hrs.,  either  by 
its  N.E.  face  or  by  its  E.  ridge.  The 
view  is  interesting  as  commanding  the 
rarely  visited  glaciers  at  the  S.E. 
corner  of  the  Valeille.  S.  of  this  peak 
the  Col  de  la  Mural  lie  Rouge  (3,195 
m.,   10,483  ft.)  connects  the  Arolla 


ROUTE  E.    COGNE  TO  PONT  CANAVESE  BY  VAL  SO  ANA  311 


glacier  with  the  head  of  the  Forzo 
glen.] 

The  first  part  of  the  descent  from 
the  pass  lies  down  a  small  gully,  and 
then  it  is  necessary  to  keep  S.E. 
along  the  left  bank  of  the  torrent 
in  the  Forzo  glen,  till  the  high  road  is 
reached,  a  little  below  Ronco  (3  h. ) 

3.  By  the  Col  de  Forzo  (9-10  hrs. 
to  Ronco). — This  is  a  roundabout 
way,  but  it  enables  the  enquiring 
traveller  to  see  something  close  at 
hand  of  the  Monveso  and  Arolla 
groups.  The  route  on  the  Cogne 
side  is  the  same  as  that  to  the  Col  de 
Teleccio  as  far  as  the  huts  in  the 
Valeille.  The  way  then  lies  S.E. , 
traverses  the  lower  part  of  the  great 
spur  (not  shown  on  the  Italian  map) 
which  divides  the  Arolla  glacier  on 
the  N.E.  (over  which  passes  the  route 
to  the  Col  de  la  Muraille  Rouge)  and 
the  Sengies  glacier  on  the  S.W.  The 
pass  (3,185  m. ,  10,450  ft.)  is  reached 
without  difficulty  by  the  latter  glacier. 

[Hence  the  Monveso  di  Forzo 
(3,319  m.,  10,890  ft.),  on  the  S.W., 
can  be  climbed  in  j  hr.  by  its  snowy 
N.  arete,  or  the  Punt  a  Forzo 
(3,302  m.,  10,834  ft.),  on  the  N.E., 
in  I  hr.  by  its  S.  arete.  Both  sum- 
mits command  interesting  views  of  a 
little-known  corner  of  the  Alps.  J 

A  great  couloir,  filled  with  shifting 
stones  and  snow,  leads  down  to  the 
route  of  the  Col  de  Bardoney,  a  little 
on  the  Forzo  side  of  that  pass. 

[W.  of  the  Monveso  is  the  Colle  di 
Monveso  (3,164  m.,  10,381ft.),  also 
reached  on  the  Cogne  side  over  the 
Sengies  glacier,  another  steep  couloir 
leading  on  the  S.  to  the  Plan  delle 
Mule  huts,  in  a  side  valley,  which 
joins  the  Forzo  glen  at  the  hamlet  of 
Forzo.] 

4.  By  the  Col  des  Sengies  (10  hrs. 
to  Ronco). — Two  passes  bear  this 
name.  The  more  northerly  (3,338  m. , 
10,952  ft.)  lies  just  at  the  S.W.  foot 
of  the  Point e  des  Sengies,  3,408  m., 
11,182  ft.  (easily  accessible  hence  or 
by  the  N.W.  ridge  from  the  Sengies 
glacier. )  The  more  southerly  ( 3 , 206  m. , 
10,519  ft.)  lies  at  the  S.  corner  of 


the  Valeille  glacier.  Each  is  easily 
gained  from  the  Valeille  glacier,  at 
the  head  of  the  Valeille  glen,  the 
descent  from  either  lying  over  the 
Ciardonei  glacier,  and  past  the  Pian 
delle  Mule  huts. 

[At  the  W.  extremity  of  the  Ciar- 
donei glacier  is  the  broad  snow  gap  of 
the  Col  de  Ciardonei  (3,161m.,  10,37 1 
ft.),  by  which  access  is  gained  to  the 
Soera  glen,  a  tributary  of  the  Pianto- 
netto  valley.  But  a  party  bound  from 
the  Col  de  Ciardonei  to  the  Pianto- 
netto  Club  hut  at  the  head  of  the  glen 
of  that  name  should  from  the  pass  cross 
due  W. ,  by  two  gullies,  the  Bocchetta 
d' 1  Ondezana,  a  gap  just  at  the  S.  foot 
of  the  Ondezana  peak,  thus  gaining 
the  very  head  of  the  Piantonetto 
valley.  3 

From  the  S.  Col  des  Sengies  it  is 
easy  to  climb  via  the  Col  de  Ciardonei 
in  I J  hr.  the  lower  or  W.  peak  (3,328 
m.,  10,919  ft.)  of  the  Monte  Gialin, 
or  Uja  di  Ciardonei,  and  the  higher 
or  E.  summit  (3,332  m. ,  10,932  ft. )  in 
I  hr.  more  by  way  of  the  ridge  con- 
necting them  ;  it  is,  however,  simpler 
to  ascend  direct  from  the  Ciardonei 
glacier  to  the  gap,  Colle  delle  Uje, 
between  them,  whence  both  are  easily 
attained. 

Detailed  information,  based  on  per- 
sonal experience,  is  much  desired  as 
to  the  relatively  unknown  ridge 
which  divides  the  Forzo  glen  on  the 
E.  from  the  Piantonetto  valley  on 
the  W. 


Route  F. 

COGNE  TO  LOCANA  BY  THE  VAL 
PIANTONETTO. 

As  was  pointed  out  in  the  Intro- 
duction to  this  Section,  the  extensive 
Monei  Glacier,  at  the  S.E.  corner  of 
the  Valnontey,  is  balanced  on  the  E. 
by  the  more  sinuous,  though  less  im- 


312      GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  15.  GRAND  PARADIS  DISTRICT 


portant,  Valeille  Glacier,  at  the  head 
of  the  side  glen  of  that  name,  the 
peak  of  the  Tour  du  Grand  St.  Pierre 
and  its  N.  ridge  alone  separating 
these  two  glacier  basins.  Both  give 
access  by  not  very  difficult  glacier 
passes  to  the  head  of  the  narrow  Val 
Piantonetto,  which  joins  the  Val 
d'Orco  at  Perebecche,  a  little  way 
above  Locana.  To  a  modern  moun- 
taineer the  way  through  the  Val- 
nontey  and  over  the  Col  de  Monet 
would  seem  the  most  direct  route 
from  Cogne  to  Locana,  but  in  the 
Middle  Ages  glacier  difficulties  were 
circumvented  as  far  as  possible,  and 
hence  when  the  men  of  Cogne  wished 
to  make  use  of  the  pastures  at  the 
head  of  the  Val  Piantonetto,  granted 
to  them  in  the  thirteenth  century  by 
their  lord,  the  bishop  of  Aosta,  they 
.preferred  the  roundabout  way  through 
the  Valeille  and  over  the  Col  de 
Teleccio.  Nowadays  climbers  visiting 
this  district  will  cross  one  or  other 
pass  mainly  for  the  sake  of  establish- 
ing their  headquarters  at  the  Pian- 
tonetto Club  hut,  at  the  S.  foot  of  the 
Tour  du  Grand  St.  Pierre,  in  order 
to  explore  the  neighbouring  peaks, 
still  known  to  but  few  English 
travellers. 

1.  By  the  Col  de  Teleccio  (10  hrs. 
to  Locana). — The  Valeille  is  the 
most  considerable  of  the  side  glens  in 
the  valley  of  the  Grand'  Ey  via,  which 
join  that  valley  E.  of  Cogne.  A 
king's  hunting  path  leads  from  Cogne 
along  the  left  bank  of  the  Grand' 
Eyvia,  crosses  the  stream  to  Champ- 
long,  and  recrosses  to  Li  la  before 
entering  the  A'aleille,  but  pedestrians 
should  remain  on  the  left  bank  and 
take  a  short  cut  above  Lila  to  rejoin 
this  path.  It  continues  to  mount  the 
narrow  and  stony  Valeille  glen  to  its 
head,  just  at  the  foot  of  the  glacier 
(3  hrs.  from  Cogne).  Hence  the 
Valeille  glacier  must  be  ascended  in 
all  its  winding  course,  the  pass  (a 
broad  snow  opening  slightly  S.W.) 
being  hid  (like  the  St.  Pierre)  till  the 
traveller  is  quite  near  it.  2J-3  hrs. 
suffice  to  reach  the  pass  (3,326  m. , 


!  10,913  ft.)  from  the  foot  of  the 
I  glacier. 

[Hence  the   Tour  du  Grand  St. 
\   Pierre  (3,692  m.,  12,113  ft.),  on  the 
I  W. ,  can  be  climbed  in  i-|-2f  hrs.  by 
mounting  an  easy  couloir  to  the  N. 
I  ridge,  by  which  the  summit  is  gained 
in  a  longer  or  shorter  time,  according 
;  to  the  condition  of  the  final  rocks. 
A  shorter  climb  from  the  Col  is  that 
of  the  Ondezana  (3,488  m.,  11,444  ft.), 
I  on  the  S.E. ,  which  takes  §  hr.  by  the 
steep  S.W.  rocky  flank,  on  which  an 
amusing  scramble  is  to  be  had.  Both 
peaks  command  grand  views,  espe- 
cially towards  the  Piedmontese  plains.  J 
On  the  Oreo  side  of  the  pass  there 
is  the  short  Teleccio  glacier,  the  upper 
bit  of  which  is  easy.  Lower  down  it  be- 
comes crevassed.   At  this  point  a  party 
bound  for  the  Club  hut  (see  under  2) 
must  leave  the  ice  on  its  right  bank,  and 
bear  S.W. ,  descending  a  steep  rocky 
barrier  to  the  hut,  reached  in  2  hrs. 
from  the  Col.  But  if  bound  for  Locana 
the  traveller  must  quit  the  glacier  on 
\  its  left  bank  in  about  20  min.  from 
:  the  Col,  and  descend  by  stones  in 
1  I  hr.  more  to  the  upper  hollow  in  the 
Val  Pianto?ietto,  where   stand  the 
1  chalets   called  Muanda  di  Teleccio 
(2,216  m.,  7,271  ft.),  used  as  night 
quarters  by  some  explorers  before  the 
construction  of  the  Club  hut.  A 
steep  barrier  separates   this  hollow 
from  that  of  Teles sio.    The  stream  is 
\  crossed   several    times,    and  many 
chalets  and   hamlets  passed  before 
the  road  in  the  Val  d'Orco  is  reached 
at  Perebecche,  2  m.  above  Locana, 
I  which  is  3-4  hrs.  distant  from  the 
I  Muanda  huts. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  Monei  (11-12  hrs. 
to  Locana). — This  easy  glacier  pass 
I  lies  over  the  ridge  stretching  W.  from 
I  the  Tour  du  Grand  St.  Pierre,  and 
•  was  first  traversed  by  Mr.  W.  Mathews 
and  Professor  Bonney  in  1863. 

The  mule  path  along  the  right  bank 
!  of  the  torrent  in  the  Valnontey  is 
followed  up  that  glen,  past  the  hamlet 
;  of  Valnontey  and  the  chalets  of 
!  Vermiaiia,  till  a  little  way  beyond 
1  the  latter  (about  i^-hr.  from  Cogne) 


ROUTE  F.    COGNE  TO  LOCANA  BY  VAL  PIANTONETTO  313 


it  is  necessary  to  leave  the  main  path. 
A  rough  and  steep  cattle  track  then 
mounts  S.E.  to  the  Monet  pastures  in 
1  hr.  The  Monei  huts  lie  20  min. 
to  the  S.,  but  there  is  no  need  to  go 
to  them  if  it  is  intended  to  cross  the 
pass.  The  right  moraine  of  the  N. 
bit  of  the  great  Monei  glacier  is 
ascended  till  it  is  easy  to  get  on  to 
the  ice,  over  which  a  great  circuit 
must  be  made  by  its  E.  portion  round 
the  foot  of  the  Cresta  Paganini,  the 
general  direction  being  S. 

[The  gap  of  the  Coupe  de  Monei 
(3,382  m.,  11,096  ft.)  is  seen  on  the 
left ;  it  leads  over  to  the  head  of  the 
Valeille.  From  the  Coupe  the  Patri 
(3,423  m.,  11,231  ft.),  on  the  N., 
can  be  climbed  by  the  glacier  on  its 
W.  shoulder,  or  the  Tour  St.  Ours 
(3,583  m.,  11,756  ft.),  on  the  S.,  in 
if  hr.,  and  the  Tour  St.  Andre 
(3,630m.,  11,910  ft.)  in  rather  more. 
It  is  not  hard  to  go  down  from  the 
latter  point  by  rocks  to  the  point  on 
the  N.  ridge  of  the  Tour  du  Grand 
St.  Pierre,  generally  reached  when 
ascending  that  peak  by  the  usual 
route  from  the  Col  de  Teleccio  :  see 
under  1.  above. J 

The  Col  de  Monei  (3,428  im,  1 1,247 
ft.)  is  thus  attained  in  3^  hrs.  from 
the  pastures. 

[From  the  pass  the  Tour  du  Grand 
St.  Pierre  (3,692  m. ,  12, 1 13  ft. )  can  be 
climbed  in  5  hrs.  by  the  many-towered 
W.  rock  ridge.  J 

One  or  other  of  several  snow  and 
stone  gullies  leads  down  on  the  S.  side 
to  the  great  stone -strewn  shelf,  on  the 
S.  edge  of  which  (1  hr.  from  the  pass) 
is  the  Piantonetto  dub  hut  (2,786 
m. ,  9, 141  ft. ),  whence  it  is  f  hr.  to  the 
Muanda  di  Teleccio  huts  (see  above). 

The  Club  hut,  though  small,  and 
locked  (the  key  must  be  brought  from 
Cogne,  Degioz,  or  Ceresole^  is  very  ad- 
vantageously placed  for  climbers,  since 
from  it  many  ascents  may  be  made 
in  a  comparatively  short  time.  The 
chief  is  that  of  the  Tour  du  Grand  St. 
Pierre  (3,692  m.,  12,113  ft. ),  acces- 
sible in  4J  hrs.  by  way  of  the  Telec- 
cio glacier,  and  the  rocks  of  the  W. 


I   bit  of  the  S.  face.    S.W.  of  the  hut 
I   rise  three  fine  rocky  pinnacles  known 
j   as  the  Becchi  delta  Tribulazione  (the 
j   S.most   and  highest    is    3,360  m. , 
11.024  ft.),  which  form  the  delight  of 
I   rock-climbers,  by  whom  any  of  them 
I   may  be  gained  in  5-6  hrs.  from  the 
;   Club  hut.     1  hr.  N.W.  of  the  Club 
hut,  and  reached  by  many  stones,  is 
;   the  secluded  little  glacier  of  Roccia 
Viva,  guarded  by  the  Ptmta  di  Gay 
I   (3,623  m.,   11,887  ft-)»  the  Roccia 
Viva  (3,650  m.,  11,976  ft.),  the  Ju- 
j   ?7ieaux  de  la  Roccia  Viva  (3,589  m., 
i    n,775  ft-))  the  Bee  de  la  Patience 
\   (3,604  m.,  11,825  ft.),  the   Tete  de 
Monei  (3,564  m.,  11,693        and  the 
Monte  Nero  (3,391  m.,   11,126  ft.) 
(See  the  view  from  this  glacier  given 
in   the  'Alpine  Journal,'  vol.  xvii. ) 
Any  of  these  summits  can  be  reached 
from  the  Club  hut  in  from  3  to  4  hrs. 
The  Roccia  Viva  is  climbed  by  a 
great  couloir  in  its  S.E.  flank,  the  top 
of  the  peak  being  formed  by  a  small 
frozen  lake,  in  a  kind  of  crater,  and 
invisible  from  any  other  point.  The 
Monte  Nero,  whether  by  its  E.  or  W. 
face,  affords  a  good  rock-climb.  The 
other  peaks  are  attained  by  a  rock 
climb  from  the  head  of  the  glacier, 
save  the  Punta  di  Gay,  which  is  as- 
cended in  1  j-  hr.  from  the  gap  at  its 
S.  foot,  the  Bocchetta  di  Gay.  This 
last-named  mountain  may  be  easily 
taken  on  the  high-level  traverse  from 
the   Club  hut  (if  the  peak   is  not 
climbed   it  is  shorter  to  cross  the 
Bocchetto   della    Losa,    some  way 
farther  S. )  by  the  Noaschetta  glacier 
and  the  Col  du  Grand  Paradis  to  the 
Victor  Emmanuel  Club  hut,  7  hrs. 
direct  (see  Rte.  K). 


3H      GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  15.  GRAND  PARADIS  DISTRICT 


Route  G. 

COGNE  TO  CERESOLE  BY  THE 
COL  D£  GRANDCROUX. 

Just  S.  of  the  village  of  Cogne 
opens  the  Valnontey,  at  the  very  head 
of  which  is  a  deeply  cut  depression, 
extremely  conspicuous  from  Cogne, 
and  obviously  forming  the  shortest  way 
thence  to  Ceresole  (12 J  hrs. )  Hence 
this  pass  was  traversed,  and  christened 
Col  de  Grandcroux,  as  far  back  as 
1862,  by  Mr.  F.  F.  Tuckett.  One 
of  the  king's  hunting  paths  leads  all 
the  way  up  the  Valnontey,  past  the 
hamlet  of  Valnontey  and  the  chalets 
of  Ver?7iiana,  beyond  which  it  crosses 
to  the  left  bank  of  the  torrent.  The 
point  at  which  another  hunting  path 
to  the  Herbetet  chalets  (see  Rte.  H) 
bears  to  the  N.  is  gained  in  2§  hrs. 
from  Cogne,  and  soon  after  the  main 
path  must  be  quitted  (as  it  goes  S.E. 
to  a  hunters'  shelter  at  the  foot  of  the 
Monei  glacier)  in  order  to  mount  by 
moraine  to  the  N.  Grandcroux  glacier 
(fhr. )  The  first  party  encountered 
great  difficulties  in  forcing  a  way 
through  the  seracs,  but  as  a  rule  they 
are  not  difficult,  and  can  always  be 
turned  by  rocks  on  the  E.  The 
final  snow  or  ice  slope  leading  up  to 
the  pass  is  very  steep,  and  is  best 
attacked  on  its  E.  edge.  The  pass 
(3,305  m. ,  10,844  ft-)  is  gained  in 
about  4  hrs.  from  the  foot  of  the 
glacier,  or  rather  over  7  hrs.  from 
Cogne.  Hence  the  Grivola  and  the 
Grand  Paradis  are  concealed  by  in- 
tervening ridges,  but  the  Pennine 
chain  on  the  N.  from  the  Mont  Velan 
to  Monte  Rosa,  and  on  the  S.  many 
peaks  of  the  Graian  and  Cottian  Alps 
compensate  for  their  absence.  There 
is  a  very  striking  view  of  Cogne  seen 
through  the  Valnontey. 

[From  the  Col  the  Punt  a  di  Gay 
(3,623  m. ,  11,887  ft.), on  theE.,  may 
be  climbed  in  about  2  hrs.  either  by 
its  rocky  S.W.  face  or  direct  by 
steep  rocks.     From  the  S.  Grand- 


croux glacier,  just  on  the  S.  side  of 
the  pass,  it  is  easy  to  mount  in  §  hr. 
to  the  snowy  opening  of  the  Col  de 
Valnontey  (3,535  m. ,  11,598  ft.),  lead- 
ing to  the  great  Tribulation  glacier  ; 
from  this  pass  the  Tete  de  Valnontey 
(3,543  m.,  11,625  ft.),  on  the  N.E., 
can  be  climbed  in  5  min. ,  the  Tete  de 
la  Tribulation  (3,642  m.,  11,949  ft.), 
on  the  S.W. ,  in  under  1  hr.  ;  by  a 
traverse  to  the  notch  between  the 
latter  point  and  the  Becca  di  Noa- 
schetta  (3,447  m.,  11,310  ft.),  on  its 
S.E. ,  the  last-named  peak  may  be 
gained  in  \  hr.  from  the  Col  de  Val- 
nontey, the  view  thence  being  odd,  as 
the  Becca  just  peers  over  the  main 
ridge  towards  Cogne,  whence  it  is 
visible.  J 

Some  easy  rocks  (best  at  the  W. 
j  end)  lead  down  to  the  flat  S.  Grand- 
croux glacier,  from  which  a  descent, 
rather  to  the  right  (crossing  at  right 
angles  the  high-level  route  from  the 
Piantonetto  Club  hut  to  the  Victor 
Emmanuel  Club  hut,  Rte.  F. ),  leads 
down  into  an  upland  plain,  whence  a 
royal  hunting  path  on  the  right  bank 
of  the  torrent  guides  the  traveller  over 
a  low  shoulder  and  past  the  Motta 
and  Goj  huts  to  the  Bruna  huts,  on  a 
second  plain  (1  hr.  from  the  Col  de 
Grandcroux).  Hence  Noasca^  in  the 
Oreo  valley  below  Ceresole,  may  be 
reached  in  2^-3  hrs.  by  paths  on 
either  side  of  the  stream,  and  this  is 
the  most  direct  route.  Ceresole  itself 
lies  a  good  way  to  the  S.W.,  and 
may  be  gained  most  easily  in  4  hrs. 
from  Bruna  by  a  royal  hunting  path, 
which  makes  a  great  round  to  the  W. , 
traversing  two  low  passes,  and  passing 
one  of  the  royal  hunting  lodges  before 
descending  to  the  Oreo  valley.  In 
fact  the  chief  difficulty  on  the  S.  side 
of  the  Col  is  the  multiplicity  of  such 
paths,  leading  in  all  directions,  and 
all  ultimately  attaining  the  Oreo 
valley,  though  often  by  immense 
detours. 

A  longer  and  more  devious  route 
from  Cogne  to  Ceresole  is  to  reach 
(5J-6  hrs.  from  Cogne  by  the  way  up 
the  Grand  Paradis,   Rte.   C.   3..  b) 


ROUTE  H.    COGNE  TO  THE  VAL  SAVARAXCHE  315 


the  great  Tribulation  glacier,  and 
thence  cross  one  of  three  passes  over 
the  ridge  bounding  it  on  the  S.,  thus 
reaching  in  2-3  hrs.  the  extensive 
Noaschetta  glacier  on  its  S.,  and  then 
descending  to  Ceresole  by  way  of  the 
Motta  hut  hr.),  on  the  Col  de 
Grandcroux  route,  described  above. 
But  these  passes  are  most  conveniently 
described  in  Rte.  K.  2.  in  connection 
with  the  ascents  of  the  peaks  separat- 
ing them,  which  are  best  ascended 
from  the  Victor  Emmanuel  Club  hut. 


Route  H. 

COGNE  TO   THE    VAL  SAVARANCHE. 

As  the  Valnontey  is  parallel  to  the 
Val  Savaranche,  while  a  considerable 
bit  of  the  Grand'  Eyvia  glen,  below 
Cogne,  is  also  roughly  parallel  "to  the 
Val  Savaranche,  it  is  clear  that  there 
are  many  ways  of  reaching  the  last- 
named  valley  open  to  a  traveller 
starting  from  Cogne.  The  ardent 
climber  will  prefer  to  traverse  the 
Grivola  (see  Rte.  C.  3.  &,  and  Rte.  I, 
under  Degioz),  or  the  Mont  Herbetet 
(Rte.  C.  3.  c),  or  even  the  Grand 
Paradis   (ibid.  and    Rte.  K). 

Others  may  choose  the  route  N.  of 
the  Grivola  by  the  Cols  de  Trajo  and 
de  Mesoncles,  climbing  perhaps  the 
Punta  Crevasse  (3,307m.,  10,850  ft.) 
from  the  former,  or  the  Grand  Nome- 
non  (3,488  m.,  11,444  ft.)  from  the 
latter  (see  Rte.  B.  1).  But  less 
enterprising  travellers  may  cross  one 
of  two  other  passes,  both  easy  and 
pretty  direct. 

1.  By  the  Col  de  Lauzon  (7  hrs.  ; 
mule  path). — This  pass  (3,301  rri., 
10,831  ft.)  is  traversed  by  a  royal 
hunting  path,  one  of  the  highest  mule 
tracks  probably  in  the  Alps.  This 
leaves  the  Valnontey  at  the  hamlet  of 
that  name,  35  min.  from  Cogne,  and 
zigzags  high  above  the  left  bank  of 


the  Lauzon  stream,  till  it  reaches  an 
upland  hollow  (2J-3  hrs.  from 
Cogne),  wherein  stands  the  king's 
hunting  lodge  (2,588  m.,  8,491  ft.) 

[For  the  ascent  of  the  Punta  Nera 
hence  see  Rte.  C.  2.  and  for  the 
passage  of  the  Col  de  Pian  Tsalende, 
ibid.  1.  On  the  S.W.  the  Pant  a  del 
Tuf  (3,416  m.,  11,208  ft.)  maybe 
reached  in  2  hrs.  by  its  rocky  N.E. 
ridge,  or  the  higher  Gran  Sertz 
(3,510  m.,  11,516  ft.),  in  2J-3  hrs. 
by  the  Lauzon  glacier  and  the  E. 
ridge.  3 

The  ascent  continues  in  a  W.  direc- 
tion, finally  by  a  long  series  of  short 
zigzags,  the  pass  being  gained  in 
under  2  hrs.  from  the  royal  hunting 
lodge.  It  is  a  narrow  opening.  Simi- 
lar zigzags  lead  down  slopes  of  black 
shale  to  the  Leviona  hollow  {i\  hr.  ; 
I  for  the  route  hence  to  the  Victor 
Emmanuel  Club  hut  see  Rte.  K.  1), 
which  is  traversed  to  the  little  chapel 
at  its  W.  end  ( J  hr. )  The  mule  path 
makes  ajgreat  round  to  the  S.,,  reach- 
ing the/ Val  Savaranche  at  Maison- 
nasse,  but  a  pedestrian  can  gain 
Degioz,  the  chief  village  in  the 
valley,  in  about  1  hr.  by  a  steep  path 
in  a  W.  direction,  through  the  woods 
on  the  left  bank  of  the  Leviona  stream, 
crossing  that  stream  to  Tignet,  a  little 
above  Degioz. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  1' Herbetet  (8  hrs. ) 
— This  is  an  easy  glacier  pass,  but  more 
roundabout  than  the  Lauzon,  though 
the  scenery  is  far  finer.  The  Col  de 
Grandcroux  route  (Rte.  G)  is  followed 
up  the  Valnontey,  till  a  royal  hunting 
path  branches  off  from  it  (2§  hrs. 
from  Cogne),  and  doubles  back  to  the 
N. ,  above  a  high  cliff,  to  the  Herbetet 
chalets  ^  '2,422  m.,  7,947  ft.  (1  hr. ) 
The  path  continues  hence  in  a  N.W. 
direction  to  a  hunters'  shelter,  so 
that  the  traveller  bound  for  the  Col 
must  take  care  to  quit  it  before  that 
point,  in  order  to  mount  due  W.  to 
the  Herbetet  glacier  {\\  hr. ),  over 
which  the  pass  is  easily  reached  in 
I  hr.  more.  There  are  two  gaps, 
but  that  to  the  S.  is  only  used  by 
those  bent  on  the  ascent  hence  of  the 


316      GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  15.    GRAND  PARADIS  DISTRICT 


Mont  Herbetet,  3.778  m.,  12,396  ft. 
(2hrs.)  That  to  the  N.  (3,257  m., 
.10,686  ft.)  is  used  by  parties  bound 
for  the  Val  Savaranche  ;  from  it  the 
Gran  Sertz  (3,510  m.,  11,516  ft. )  can 
be  climbed  by  the  S.  ridge  in  about 
I  hr. 

The  descent  on  the  W.  side  of  the 
pass  lies  over  the  easy  Grand  Neiron 
glacier,  and  then  down  a  royal  hunt- 
ing path  in  a  N.W.  direction  to  the 
Leviona  hollow  (i\  hr. ),  whence  the 
Col  de  Lauzon  track  is  followed  to 
Degioz,  a  good  hour  further. 

By  bearing  S.W.  from  the  Her- 
betet  chalets  across  the  lower  end  of 
the  E.  ridge  of  the  Mont  Herbetet 
to  the  Dzasset  glacier,  either  the  Col 
Bonney  (3,594  m.,  II ,7 '92  ft.)  orthe 
Fenetre  de  Dzasset  (3,641  m. , 
11,946  ft.),  at  the  head  of  that 
glacier,  may  be  gained  in  3  hrs.  or 
so,  but  the  descent  on  the  W.  is  in 
each  case  harder  than  that  from  the 
Col  de  PHerbetet. 


Route  I. 

AOSTA  TO  TURIN  BY  THE  COL  DE 
NIVOLET. 

Carriage  road  to  Villeneuve  ;  mule 
track  thence  (about  13  hrs.)  to 
Noasca  ;  carriage  road  to  Cuorgne, 
and  railway  thence  to  Turin. 

In  the  Introduction  to  this  Section 
it  was  pointed  out  that  the  Col  de 
Nivolet  forms  a  sort  of  isthmus  by 
which  the  mass  of  the  Eastern 
Graians  is  connected  with  the  Central 
Graians,  while,  as  it  leads  from  the 
Val  Savaranche  to  the  valley  of  the 
Oreo,  the  track  across  it  forms  the  W. 
and  S.  limits  of  the  Eastern  Graians. 
It  is  a  frequented  route,  and  a  very 
easy  though  a  long  one,  but  not  very 
interesting  to  a  mountaineer  save  as 
a  means  of  reaching  various  good 


headquarters  whence  many  ascents 
may  be  made. 

The  carriage  road  towards  the 
Little  St.  Bernard  Pass  (§  14.  Rte.  G) 
is  followed  from  Aosta  up  the 
valley  of  the  Dora  Baltea  as  far  as 
Villeneuve  (6m.),  which  stands  not 
far  from  the  junction  of  the  mountain 
torrents  flowing  from  the  Val  Sava- 
ranche and  the  Val  de  Rhemes.  A 
fatiguing  paved  mule  path  mounts 
steeply  on  the  right  bank  of  the  Val 
Savaranche  torrent,  and  leads  up  to 
a  point  at  a  great  height  above  the 
Val  d' Aosta,  overlooking  that  valley 
and  the  lower  end  of  the  Val  de 
Rhemes,  richly  wooded  and  set  with 
orchards  and  corn  fields,  with  the 
range  of  Mont  Blanc  in  the  back- 
ground. Higher  up  the  track  runs 
at  a  great  height  above  the  narrow 
ravine  through  which  the  Savara 
roars,  passes  several  hamlets  and 
groups  of  chalets,  and  after  crossing 
and  recrossing  the  stream  emerges 
into  the  small  basin  wherein  stands 
Degioz,  1,541  m. ,  5,056  ft.  (3 J  hrs. 
from  Villeneuve),  the  chief  village  in 
the  Val  Savaranche  and  the  meeting 
point  of  many  routes.  Hence  the 
Punta  Foura  (3,410  m.,  11,188  ft.) 
is  seen  at  the  end  of  the  glen. 

[For  the  routes  to  Cogne  by  the 
Cols  de  Mesoncles  or  de  Belleface, 
and  de  Trajo,  de  Lauzon,  and  de 
PHerbetet,  as  also  the  ascents  of 
the  Grand  Nomenon,  and  the  Mont 
Herbetet, see  Rtes.  B.  1 .  ,C.  3. ,  and  H.  2. 
The  ascent  of  the  Grivola  (3,969  m., 
13,022  ft. )  from  Degioz  takes  about 
7-8  hrs.,  and  offers  no  great  diffi- 
culties ;  the  best  way  is  to  follow  the 
royal  hunting  path  towards  the  Col 
de  Belleface  for  some  distance  up  the 
Peson  or  Bocconere  ravine,  and  then 
to  mount  the  rocks  of  the  S.W.  face,  by 
a  well-marked  and  nearly  level  ledge, 
on  top  of  a  layer  of  red  rock,  and 
later  by  ribs  and  gullies  leading  to  the 
S.  ridge,  close  to  the  top.  On  the  W. 
side  of  the  Val  Savaranche  several 
easy  passes  lead  over  to  the  neigh- 
bouring Val  de  Rhemes.  The  most 
direct  (5§  hrs.)  is  the  Col  de  Sort 


ROUTE  I.    AOSTA  TO  TURIN  BY  THE  COL  DE  NI VOLET  317 


(2,967  m.,  9,735  ft.),  reached  by  a 
king's  path,  bearing  N.  from  the  Col 
d'Entrelor  route.  The  Col  de  Sort  is 
just  at  the  S.  foot  of  the  M.  Roletta 
(3,384  m.,  11,103  ft.),  which  is  ac- 
cessible thence  mainly  by  another 
king's  path,  in  rather  over  I  hr.,  and 
commands  a  very  fine  view.  A  rocky 
descent  from  the  pass  leads  down  to 
a  stony  basin,  whence  a  track  brings 
the  traveller  direct  to  Notre  Dame 
de  Rhemes.  An  easier  pass  (6  hrs.) 
is  the  Col  (PEntrelor  (3,009  m., 
9,873  ft.),  a  little  further  to  the  S., 
and  reached  from  Degioz  by  a  royal 
hunting  path  ;  from  it  the  mountaineer 
should  not  fail  to  follow  the  ridge  (or 
its  W.  slope)  to  the  S.  over  the  Cima 
di  Percia,  the  Colle  di  Percia,  and 
the  Sommet  d'Entrelor  to  the  Cima 
deW  Anille  (3,446  m.,  11,306  ft.), 
z\  hrs.  from  the  pass,  and  a  splendid 
view-point,  as  it  is  the  highest  sum- 
mit in  the  ridge  separating  the  Val 
Savaranche  from  the  Val  de  Rhemes. 
The  descent  on  the  Rhemes  side  of 
the  pass  is  steep  at  first,  but  easy. 
A  traveller  delayed  at  Degioz  would 
do  well  to  mount  the  Punta  Bioula 
(3,414  m.,  11,201  ft.),  N.  of  the  M. 
Roletta,  and  accessible  in  4-5  hrs. 
by  a  royal  hunting  path,  which  from 
the  royal  hunting  lodge  of  Orvieille, 
on  the  way  to  the  Col  d'Entrelor, 
strikes  boldly  to  the  N. ,  and  leads  to 
a  hunter's  shelter  on  the  very  summit 
of  the  peak.|] 

The  mule  path  from  Degioz  crosses 
and  recrosses  the  stream  before  enter- 
ing a  fine  gorge  through  which  it 
passes,  the  mountain-sides  being 
clothed  with  pine  forests,  while 
glimpses  are  had  of  rugged  peaks  and 
pinnacles  towering  high  above  them. 
On  issuing  from  it  the  basin  in  which 
stands  Pont,  1,946  m.,  6,385  ft. 
(2  hrs.  from  Degioz),  the  highest 
hamlet  in  the  valley,  is  attained,  and 
traversed  to  that  village,  many  evi- 
dences of  glacial  action  on  a  grand 
scale  being  seen  here  as  well  as  higher 
up  the  glen. 

[Pont  is  situated  at  the  junction  of 
the  torrents  from  the  Nivolet  plain, 


on  the  S.W. ,  and  from  the  Seiva  or 
Grand  Etret  glen,  on  the  S.E.  ; 
through  the  latter  several  passes  lead 
over  easy  glaciers  to  Ceresole,  but 
are  more  conveniently  described  in 
Rte.  K,  as  well  as  the  way  from 
Pont  to  the  Victor  Emmanuel  Club 
hut,  1J-2  hrs.  distant  by  mule  path.  3 

From  Pont  a  '  rough  but  well- 
engineered  path  zigzags  up  the  cliff, 
like  i  n  expurgated  edition  of  the 
Gemmi,  with  the  objectionable  parts 
omitted'  (F.  F.  T. ),  the  Croix 
d'Aroletta,  at  its  upper  edge,  being 
gained  in  50  min.  from  Pont.  The 
view  hence  of  the  near  mass  of  the 
Grand  Paradis,  with  its  attendant 
peaks,  and  of  the  jagged  range  ex- 
tending thence  to  the  Grivola,  is 
celebrated  by  all  who  have  passed 
this  way  as  among  the  finest  in  the 
Alps.  The  way  now  lies  S.W. 
amidst  rocky  ridges  which  have  been 
flattened  and  rounded  by  the  former 
passage  of  a  glacier.  A  large  number 
of  erratic  blocks  have  been  deposited 
on  these  smooth  surfaces  by  the  ex- 
tinct glacier.  Some  of  these  are  so 
nicely  poised  that  a  slight  exertion 
would  upset  them,  but  it  may  be 
hoped  that  no  traveller  will  be  so 
stupidly  barbarous  as  to  cancel  these 
records  of  the  past  history  of  the 
earth.  Beyond,  an  extensive  upland 
plain  is  traversed  to  the  Nivolet 
chalets,  2,410  m.,  7,907  ft.  (if  hr. 
from  the  Croix),  where  poor  quarters 
on  hay  may  be  had  in  case  of 
necessity. 

[The  view  may  be  extended  by 
mounting  in  2J-3  hrs.  without  any 
difficulty  either  the  Tout  Bla?zc  (3,438 
m.,  11,280  ft.),  on  the  N.W.,  or  the 
Punt  a  Violetta  (3,031  m.,  9,945  ft.), 
on  the  S. ,  it  being  perfectly  easy  to 
take  the  latter  point  on  the  way  tovthe 
Col  de  Nivolet.  The  Col  Posset 
(3,024  m.,  9,922  ft.) leads  over  to  the 
Val  de  Rhemes,  the  track  from  the 
chalets  winding  among  glaciated 
rocks,  interspersed  with  small  tarns, 
near  the  largest  of  which  the  king's 
hunting  path  from  the  Nivolet  lakes 
to  the  pass  is  joined.    The  pass  affords 


318      GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  15.  GRAND  PARADIS  DISTRICT 


a  good  view  in  different  directions. 
In  descending  the  course  is  at  first 
nearly  due  W. ,  down  a  slope  of 
shifting  stones,  and  then  N. ,  winding 
round  a  projecting  spur  of  the 
mountain,  a  good  track  finally  leading 
N.W.  down  to  the  Balmaverain 
chalets,  at  the  head  of  the  Val  de 
Rhemes  (see  §  14.  Rte.  C).  It  is  not 
difficult  to  go  from  the  chalets  S.W. 
over  the  Basei  glacier  to  the  Punt  a 
Baset  (3,338  m.,  10,952  ft.),  and 
thence  to  follow  the  ridge  to  the 
panoramic  Point e  de  la  Galise  (3,341 
m. ,  10,975  ft.),  easily  reached  from 
the  Col  de  la  Galise  (§  14.  Rte.  B), 
which  connects  the  Isere  and  Oreo 
valleys.  3 

The  path  from  the  chalets  mounts 
over  a  slightly  inclined  plateau  >of 
about  5  miles  in  length  past  the  king's 
hunting  lodge  and  some  fine  lakes. 
A  short  distance  below  the  pass  the 
rocky  peak  of  the  Grivola  comes  into 
view  on  turning  round,  and  contrasts 
finely  with  the  dreary  character  of  the 
upland  plain,  patched  with  snow- 
fields.  Some  zigzags  lead  up  a  short 
ascent  to  the  wild  opening  of  the  Col 
de  Nivolet  (2,641  m.,  8,665  ft-)>  Yet 
the  lowest  pass  in  the  district  (a  good 
hour  from  the  chalets).  Fresh  snow 
is  generally  found  in  patches  near  the 
top.  The  Grivola  is  seen  to  the  N., 
and  the  three -peaked  Levanna  to  the 
S.,  the  scenery  being  otherwise  wild 
and  dreary. 

The  mule  path  zigzags  down  a 
curious  rock  crest,  where  no  one, 
especially  if  mounting  from  Ceresole, 
would  expect  to  find  a  passage.  \  hr. 
below  the  pass  care  should  be  taken 
to  take  the  right-hand  path,  at  a  bifur- 
cation. 

[From  a  small  tarn  a  short  \  hr. 
below  the  Col  on  the  Ceresole  side  of 
the  Col  a  traveller  bound  for  the  Col 
de  la  Galise  or  du  Carro  may  traverse 
round  to  the  S.W.  to  the  chapel 
above  the  great  Cerru  lake  in  1  hr. 
from  the  Col.  Hence  the  Col  de  la 
Galise  (§  14.  Rte.  B),  leading  to  the 
Isere  valley,  may  be  reached  in  less 
than  2  hrs.  ;  for  the  Col  du  Cai'ro 


13.  Rte.  I),  giving  access  to  the 
Arc  valley,  a  further  traverse  in  a 
slightly  S.E.  direction,  past  the  wildly 
situated  Rocce  huts,  is  made  to  the 
foot  of  the  steep  final  snow  slopes, 
1 1-2  hrs.  from  the  Cerm  lake— by 
which  the  pass  is  attained  in  1  hr. 
more.  J 

More  zigzags  lead  past  the  Best  alone 
huts  (situated  on  a  shelf  on  the  steep 
side  of  the  mountain,  and  commanding 
a  very  grand  view  of  the  peaks  and 
glaciers  at  the  head  of  the  valley  of 
the  Oreo)  to  the  level  of  the  Oreo 
valley,  the  hamlet  of  Chiapilidi  sopra 
being  gained  in  1  \  hr.  from  the  pass. 
Hence  2  hrs. '  walk  by  the  mule  path 
on  the  left  bank  of  the  Oreo,  past  the 
church  hamlet  of  Ceresole,  leads  to 
the  inn  at  Ceresole,  near  the  mineral 
spring  and  a  good  bit  beyond  that 
hamlet. 

Ceresole Reale  (1,495  m->  4>9°5  ft.) 

consists  of  little  else  than  the  Stabili- 
mento,  and  several  inns,  all  situated 
in  a  charming  green  basin,  with  a 
pretty  waterfall,  and  overhung  by  the 
great  wall  of  the  Levanna.  The  mineral 
spring  attracts  a  certain  number  of 
Piedmontese  visitors,  as  well  as  other 
Italians  seeking  coolness  during  the 
summer  months,  so  that  the  accommo- 
dation is  now  excellent.  The  moun- 
taineer will,  however,  find  it  too  low 
to  be  conveniently  employed  as  a 
starting  point,  but  the  recent  erection 
of  two  Club  huts,  one  at  a  height  of 
2,800  m.  (9,187  ft.)  on  the  W.  edge 
of  the  great  couloir  leading  up  to  the 
Colle  Perduto,  the  depression  between 
the  Central  and  Eastern  peaks  of  the 
Levanna,  the  other  at  the  S.W.  foot 
of  the  Grand  Paradis  (see  Rte.  K),  has 

j   greatly  stimulated  climbing  in  this 

I  district. 

[The  chief  belvedere  near  Ceresole 

j  is  the  Bellagarda  (2,939  m-?  95643  ft.), 
on  the  S.E.,  accessible  in  5-6  hrs. 
without  difficulty,  and  commanding  a 
magnificent  view  on  all  sides.  It  is 
also  easily  gained  from  the  Val 
Grande,  on  the  S.,  which  is  reached 
from  Ceresole  by  the  Colle  della 
Piccola,  or  the  Colle  della  Crocetta 


ROUTE  I.    AOSTA  TO  TURIN  BY  THE  COL  DE  N I  VOLET  319 


(described  in  §  13.  Rte.  H).  The 
ascent  of  the  Central  Lev a)ina  (3,640 
m., '  11,943  ft.)  direct  by  its  N.  face 
is  difficult  and  laborious, as  many  steps 
have  to  be  cut,  or  a  long  and  very 
steep  rock  ridge  scaled,  so  that  it  is 
now  better  to  start  from  the  Levanna 
Club  hut,  under  4  hrs.  from  Ceresole, 
whence  the  Co  lie  Perduto  (3,242  in.', 
10,637  ft.)  is  reached  in  ij  hr.  ; 
hence  the  Central  Levanna  is  accessi- 
ble in  2  hrs.  or  less  by  its  easy  S.W. 
rock  face,  and  the  Eastern  Levanna 
(3,564  m.,  11,693  ft-)  in  1 J  hr.  by 
its  N.  ridge  ;  but  both  summits,  as 
well  as  the  Western  Levanna  (3,607 
m. ,  1 1 ,835  ft. ),  are  most  conveniently 
attacked  from  Bonne val,  at  the  head 
of  the  Arc  valley  (see  §  13.  Rte.  F.  3. ). 
For  the  passes  from  Ceresole  to  the 
Victor  Emmanuel  Club  hut  see  Rte. 
K. ,  below,  and  for  those  to  Cogne 
direct,  Rte.  G.|| 

The  mule  track  towards  Noasca 
traverses  the  undulating,  almost  level 
basin  of  Ceresole,  divided  into  barley 
fields  and  rich  meadows,  enclosed  by 
pine  forests  and  rugged  peaks,  till  the 
summit  of  the  famous  Scalaridi  Ceresole 
is  reached.  This  is  a  series  of  rude 
steps  (now  passable  for  mules)  cut  in 
the  live  rock  down  a  steep  cliff  to  the 
lower  level  of  the  Oreo  valley.  The 
gorge  is  almost  closed  by  huge  masses 
of  rock,  fallen  from  either  side.  A 
fine  waterfall  is  passed,  and  another 
where  the  path  crosses  the  Noaschetta 
torrent  (flowing  from  the  extensive 
glacier  of  that  name),  which  issues  from 
the  rift  in  the  mountain-side,  between 
huge  masses  of  granite,  one  of  the 
grandest  scenes  in  the  Oreo  valley. 
Just  beyond  the  junction  of  this 
torrent  with  the  Oreo  is  the  wretched 
hamlet  of  Noasca,  1,062  m. ,  3,484  ft. 
( 1  hr.  from  Ceresole  Reale. )  Its 
miserable  appearance  recalls  to  mind 
the  couplet : 

'Noasca,  Noasca, 
Poco  pane,  lunga  tasca.' 

But  there  is  now  a  good  inn  there, 
where  carriages  can  be  obtained  for 


the  drive  down  to  Pont  Canavese,  as 
the  carriage  road  begins  at  Noasca. 

[For  the  passes  to  the  Victor  Em- 
manuel Club  hut  and  Cogne,  see 
Rtes.  K  and  G  respectively.  3 

The  road  keeps  along  the  left  bank 
h  of  the  Oreo.  Glacier  markings  may 
I  be  traced  to  a  height  of  600-800  fee^ 
i  along  the  walls  which  shut  in  the 
I  valley.  The  scenery  becomes  less 
!  savage  as  the  traveller  advances  to- 
;  wards  Locana,  and  the  chestnut  be- 
|  comes  the  prevailing  tree  ;  its  foliage 
contrasts  finely  with  the  nearer  rock 
S  masses,  and  the  rugged  peaks  that 
\  frown  over  the  traveller,  who  turns- 
round  to  view  whence  he  has  come. 
!  At  Perebecche  the  Val  Piantonetto 
(see  Rte.  F)  joins  the  Oreo  valley,  and 
\  the  latter  valley  bends  to  the  S.E.  as 
I   2  miles  further  the  traveller  reaches 

Locana  (617  m.,  2,024  ft-)>  a  little 
1  old  town,  with  narrow  streets,  rather 
over  9  miles  from  Noasca.  A  good 
[  but  hot  and  dusty  road  leads,  amid 
I  very  fine  scenery,  in  about  8  miles 
I   more,  past  picturesque  Sparone,  to 

Pont  Canavese  (440  m. ,  1,444  ft-)? 
'  most  beautifully  situated  at  the  junc- 
tion of  the  Val  Soana  (Rte.  E)«with 
the  Val  d'Orco.  Pont  is  a  village 
which  has  grown  into  a  town  of 
5,500  inhabitants  since  the  establish- 
ment of  large  cotton  mills.  An  after- 
noon may  very  well  be  spent  in 
strolling  about  the  neighbourhood, 
where  every  eminence  commands 
noble  views  of  the  two  valleys,  and 
the  snowy  chain  which  encloses  them. 
A  ruined  tower  on  a  steep  knoll,  and 
the  church  of  Santa  Maria,  about 
\  hr.  below  Ponte,  are  particularly 
!  well  worth  a  visit.  Campanula  elatines 
is  found  in  shady  spots  near  the  river. 

3J  miles  below  Pont  is  the  small 
but  prosperous  manufacturing  town  of 
Cuorgne  (2of  miles  from  Noasca). 
Hence  a  railway  leads  through  a 
richly  cultivated  country,  with  many 
thriving  villages,  to  Turin  (28  miles). 
At  Rivarolo  (6 \  m.  from  Cuorgne)  it 
joins  the  line  from  Castellamonte,  by 
which  the  Val  Chiusella  may  be  visited 
(Rte.  A,  under  Ivrea). 


320      GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  15.  GRAND  PAR  AD  IS  DISTRICT 


Route  K. 

ASCENTS  AND  PASSES  FROM  THE 
VICTOR  EMMANUEL  CLUB  HUT. 
ASCENT  OF  THE  GRAND  PARADIS. 

With  the  exception  of  Cogne  itself, 
the  Victor  Emmanuel  Club  hut  is  by 

far  the  best  headquarters  for  a  moun- 
taineer in  the  Eastern  Graians,  while 
it  possesses  the  advantage  over  Cogne 
that,  being  at  a  much  greater  eleva- 
tion (2,775  m.,  9,105  ft.),  expeditions 
can  be  made  thence  in  far  shorter 
times.  It  is  situated  at  the  S.  W.  foot 
of  the  Grand  Paradis.  close  to  and 
above  the  N.W.  corner  of  the  Mon- 
corve  glacier,  and  contains  5  rooms, 
very  well  and  conveniently  fitted  up. 
But  it  is  locked,  and  the  key  should 
be  brought  by  a  party  from  Cogne, 
Degioz,  or  Ceresole.  It  is  usually 
approached  from  Pont,  in  the  Val 
Savaranche  (2  hrs.  from  Degioz  :  see 
Rte.  I),  whence  a  mule  track  leads 
S.E.  up  the  Seiva  or  Grand  Etret 
glen  for  some  distance,  till  a  royal 
hunting  path  mounts  due  E.  by  many 
zigzags  past  some  chalets  to  the  Club 
hut  (iJ-2  hrs.  from  Pont),  continuing 
a  little  further.  A  party  coming  from 
Ceresole  to  the  hut  has  several  passes 
open  to  it,  those  of  the  Grand  Etret 
or  Moncorve  being  the  best  (see  3. 
below).  A  party  coming  from  Cogne 
may  from  the  highest  chalets  below 
the  Col  de  Lauzon  (Rte.  H)  gain  the 
Grand  Neiron  glacier,  on  the  route  of 
the  Col  de  l'Herbetet,  and  then  cross 
the  Col  du  Grand  Neiron  (over  the 
ridge  S.  of  that  glacier)  to  the  Mon- 
tandeyne  glacier,  by  which  and  the 
Lavetiau  glacier  the  Club  hut  is 
reached  in  5  hrs.  or  so  from  the  Col  de 
Lauzon ;  this  is  a  fine  route  which 
traverses  the  entire  W.  slope  of  the 
range  between  the  Lauzon  and  the 
Grand  Paradis. 

It  seems  most  convenient  to  divide 
the  climbs  which  may  be  made  from 
the  Club  hut  under  three  heads. 

I.   The  Ascent  of  the  Grand  Para- 


dis.—To  the  great  majority  of  moun- 
taineers who  visit  this  Club  hut  the 
ascent  of  the  Grand  Paradis  (4,061 
m.,   13,324  ft.),  the  monarch  of  the 
entire  Graian  chain,  is  the  chief  object. 
It  was  first  climbed  (and  from  this 
side)    on    September   4,   i860,  by 
Messrs.  J.  J.  Cowell  and  W.  Dundas, 
with  Jean  Tairraz  and  Michel  Payot. 
The  weather  having  been  very  un- 
favourable, Mr.  Cowell,  with  Payot, 
pluckily  repeated  the  ascent  the  next 
day,  with  better  luck  as  to  a  view, 
which  is,  as  might  be  expected,  very 
extensive,  and  has  been  twice  photo- 
I   graphed  by  Signor  V.  Sella.  The 
j   route  now  usually  taken  is  to  follow 
the  royal  hunting  path  from  the  Club 
hut  as  far  as  it  goes,  and  then  to 
mount  N.W.  by  stones  to  the  W.  end 
of  the  great  spur  stretching  W.  from 
the  point  at  which  the  Grand  Paradis > 
the  Tour  du  Grand  St.  Pierre,  and 
:   the   Charforon  ridges  meet.  Easy 
I  shale  and  snow  slopes  are  then  fol- 
|  lowed  in  an  E.  direction  to  the  foot 
I   of  that  point,   the    Roc  du  Grand 
j   Paradis  (4,018  m.,   13,183  ft.),  or 
!  towards  its  foot  only.    In  the  former 
j   case  the  snow  at  the  W.  base  of  the 
I  rocky  pinnacles  on  the  S.  ridge  of  the 
Grand  Paradis  is  traversed,  in  the 
latter  a  steep  ice  or  snow  slope  must 
be  cut  up  diagonally  to  the  foot  of  the 
'   most  northerly  of  these  pinnacles  or 
towers.    A  short  ascent  then  leads  to 
the  beautiful  snow  crest  which  forms 
the  summit  of  the  mountain.   3-4  hrs. 
are  required  for  the  ascent  from  the 
I   Club   hut,  under   ordinary  circum- 
i   stances,  when  there  is  not  the  slightest 
difficulty  or  danger  in  the  expedition. 
There  are  several  other  routes  to  the 
summit,  for  which  reference  must  be 
made  to  the  '  Climbers'  Guide. '  That 
from  Cogne  has   already  been  de- 
scribed in  Rte.  C.  3.  b.    An  interest- 
ing way  of  returning  to  the  Club  hut 
is  to  follow  the  W.  slope  of  the  S. 
ridge  to  the  gap  just  N.  of  the  Roc 
i   (J  hr. ),  whence  steep  rocks  and  a 
j   fairly  broad  snow  couloir  lead  down 
I   on  the  E.  to  the  great  Tribulation 
j  glacier,  a  short  traverse  then  sufficing 


ROUTE  K.    FROM  THE  VICTOR  EMMANUEL  CLUB  HUT  321 


to  reach  the  Col  de  PAbeille,  3,852  m., 
12,638  ft.  (l^-l|  hr.  from  the  gap)  ; 
thence  the  small  Abeille  glacier,  and 
either  the  rocks  below  it,  or  a  great 
deeply  cut  snow  couloir  to  its  S.W., 
are  descended  to  the  extensive  Noa- 
schetta  glacier  (1  hr. ),  the  Club  hut 
being  regained  by  the  Col  du  Grand 
Paradis  (see  below)  in  rather  over 
I  hr.  more  quick  walking,  or  in  little 
more  than  hrs.'  walking  from  the 
summit  of  the  Grand  Paradis. 

From  the  Col  de  l'Abeille  the 
Cresta  Gastaldi  (3,862  m. ,  12,671ft.), 
on  the  E. ,  may  be  reached  in  10  min. 

2.  The  Col  du  Grand  Paradis  and 
the  Noaschetta  Glacier. — Nearly  due 
E.  of  the  Club  hut,  and  very  con- 
spicuous from  it,  is  a  wide  gateway 
between  the  Tresenta  and  the  Roc  du 
Grand  Paradis,  which  is  an  obvious 
pass.  This  is  the  Col  du  Grand 
Paradis  (3,349  m. ,  10,988  ft.),  which 
gives  access  to  the  rarely  visited 
Noaschetta  glacier,  lying  at  the  S. 
foot  of  the  range  which  limits  on  the 
S.  the  Tribulation  glacier,  and  so  in 
a  sense  balancing  that  great  glacier. 
The  pass  is  gained  by  a  very  straight- 
forward course  over  the  moraine  on 
the  right  bank  of  the  Moncorve 
glacier,  that  level  glacier,  and  a  short 
scramble  up  a  low  ridge  (ij  hr.  from 
the  hut). 

[Hence  the  Tresenta  (3,609  m., 
11,841  ft.),  on  the  S.,  is  accessible  by 
a  very  easy  ridge  in  f  hr.  or  less,  and 
may  be  descended  on  the  other  side 
to  the  Col  de  Moncorve  by  a  ridge  of 
nearly  equal  easiness  in  J  hr.  or  less, 
but  the  peak  is  too  close  under  the 
Grand  Paradis,  so  that  the  view  from 
it  is  not  equal  to  that  from  the 
Charforon,  or  the  Monciair :  see  3. 
below.  3 

The  Col  is  on  a  level  with  the 
snows  of  the  Noaschetta  glacier,  the 
E.  end  of  which  may  be  attained  in 
less  than  an  hour.  Thence  the  Bruna 
huts,  on  the  Col  de  Grandcroux  route 
(Rte.  G),  are  soon  reached,  and  so 
Ceresole.  But  this  is  a  roundabout 
route,  even  if  from  a  point  midway 
down  the  glacier  a  short  cut  is  taken 


to  the  Goj  huts,  close  to  those  of 
Bruna. 

The  Col  is,  therefore,  chiefly  useful 
to  a  party  bound  for  the  Piantonetto 
Club  hut  (Rte.  F.  2.-7  hrs.)  by  the 
Bocchetto  della  Losa  (the  way  by  the 
Bocchetta  di  Gay,  and  the  Punta  di 
Gay,    is   finer,  though   longer),  or 
desirous  of  making  the  ascent  of  some 
one  of  the  peaks  which  overhang  the 
Noaschetta  glacier  on  the  N.  That 
most  to  be  recommended  is  the  Point  s 
de  Ceresole  (3,773  m.,  12,379  ft.) 
(close  to  the  summit  of  which  Mr.  Yeld 
found  Ranunculus  glacialis),  a  fine 
view-point.    It  is  most  easily  reached 
from  the  Noaschetta  glacier  by  the 
rocks  on  the  S.W.   side  of  its  S. 
buttress,  and  the  small  glacier  above, 
whence  a  short  traverse  leads  to  the 
!  hollow  between  the  two  teeth  com- 
|   posing  the  summit,  the  highest  (that 
I   to  the  W. )  being  gained  by  a  short 
■  scramble  (2 J  hrs.  from  the  Noaschetta 
glacier).    The  descent  may  be  made 
i  either  by  the  snowy  W.  ridge  to  the, 
I    Col  Cha?nonin,  3,692  m. ,  12,113  ft. 
I   (20  min.),  whence   the  Noaschetta 
I  glacier  is  regained  by  gullies  and  rock 
ribs  in  1-2  hrs.,  or  by  the  N.  face 
and  the  E.  ridge  to  the  Col  de  la  Lune 
(3,513  m.,   11,526  ft.),  whence  the 
!   same  glacier  is  reached  in  rather  over 
|  \  hr.  down  an  apparently,  though  not 
I   really,  difficult  rock  wall.    From  the 
last-named  pass  the  Tete  de  la  Tribu- 
lation (3,642  m. ,  11,949  ft.)  may  be 
climbed  without  any  difficulty,  the 
descent  being  made  to  the  Col  de  Val- 
nontey  (3,535  m.,  11,598  ft.),  on  the 
N.E. ,  and   so   the   S.  Grandcroux 
glacier  attained,  not  far  from  the  E. 
end  of  the  Noaschetta  glacier  (Rte.  G). 
The  four  passes — the  Cols  de  l'Abeille, 
j   Chamonin,  de  la  Lune,  and  de  Val- 
nontey — mentioned  here  or  under  1. 
above — all  lead  over  from  the  great 
Tribulation  glacier,  but  are  very  cir- 
cuitous routes  from  Cogne  to  Cere- 
sole, and  are  mainly  used  by  parties 
bent  on  the  ascent  of  some  one  of  the 
peaks   rising   between  them.  The 
Becca     di    Noaschetta    (3,447  m., 
11,310  ft.)  rises  on  the  S.E.  spur  of 

Y 


322       GRAIAN  ALPS.    §  15.  GRAND  PARADIS  DISTRICT 


the  Tete  de  la  Tribulation,  and  may- 
be ascended  in  J  hr.  from  the 
Noaschetta  glacier  by  the  rocky  S.W. 
ridge,  and  traversed  in  f  hr.  more  to 
the  Col  de  Valnontey ;  it  peers  over 
the  main  ridge  towards  Cogne,  and  is 
the  home  of  many  Alpine  plants, 
while  it  commands  what  is  perhaps 
the  finest  view  of  the  Grand  Paradis 
that  can  be  obtained. 

The  Club  hut  has  even  been  taken 
as  the  starting  point  for  the  ascent  of 
the  Punt  a  di  Gay  (3,623m.,  11,887  ft.) 
by  way  of  the  Col  du  Grand  Paradis 
and  the  S.  ridge  of  the  peak  (4  hrs. 
40  min.  walking  up,  and  4J  hrs.' 
walking  back  to  the  Club  hut),  but 
this  summit  properly  belongs  to  the 
district  served  by  the  Piantonetto 
Club  hut,  and  this  expedition  is  only 
mentioned  here  to  show  what  an 
admirable  climbing  centre  the  Victor 
Emmanuel  Club  hut  really  is. 

3.  The  Peaks  and  Passes  to  the 
South  of  the  Club  Hut. — The  spec- 
tator who  looks  towards  the  ranges 
S.  of  the  Club  hut  will  be  first  struck 
by  a  very  wide  opening,  seen  across 
a  series  of  glaciers,  scarcely  to  be 
distinguished  from  each  other,  and 
closing  the  head  of  the  Seiva  or 
Grand  Etret  glen,  which  opens  into 
the  Val  Savaranche  at  Pont.  This 
wide  opening  is  the  Col  du  Grand 
Etret,  a  double  pass  leading  over  to 
Ceresole.  W.  of  it  rise  the  summits 
of  the  Mare  Pei'ci  (3,385m.,  1 1 , 1 06  ft. ) 
and  the  Punt  a  Fotira  (3,410  m., 
11,188  ft.),  both  accessible  without 
difficulty  from  the  glacier  at  their  E. 
foot.  E.  of  the  Col  du  Grand  Etret 
a  range  runs  in  a  N.E.  direction  to 
the  Col  du  Grand  Paradis.  It  is 
crowned  by  a  number  of  peaks,  the 
depressions  between  which  serve  as 
passes  to  Ceresole.  The  order  from 
S.W.  to  N.E.  is  as  follows  : — Punta 
del  Broglio  (3,455  m.,  11,336  ft.), 
four  sharp  rock  pinnacles,  of  which 
that  most  to  the  S.  is  the  highest 
(accessible  in  \\-2  hrs.  from  the  Col 
by  way  of  the  gap  N.  of  the  S. 
pinnacle,  a  sheer  rock  needle) ;  the 
Colletto  Monciair,  3,309m.,  10,857ft. 


(a  difficult  and  dangerous  pass) ;  the 
Becca  di  Monciair,  3, 544  m. ,  1 1 ,628  ft. 
(a  most  graceful  rock  and  snow  point, 
easily  gained  in  35  min.  from  the  Col 
du  Charfo7-on  (3,331  m.,  10,929  ft.), 
on  its  N.E.) ;  the  Cima  di  Char  for  on, 
3,665  m.,  12,025  ft.  (a  heavy,  shape- 
less peak,  with  a  very  fine  view), 
reached  in  \\  hr.  from  the  Col  du 
Charforon,  and  in  rather  over  1  hr. 
from  the  Col  de  Moncorve  (3,351  m., 
10,995  ft-)>  on  it:s  N.E.  ;  N.E.  of 
the  latter  pass  is  the  Tresenta 
(3,609  m.,  11,841  ft.),  described 
under  2.  above.  Of  these  summits 
the  Monciair  and  Charforon  are 
recommended  for  the  splendid  view 
which  they  command,  while  the 
Broglio  will  be  sought  by  moun- 
taineers who  delight  in  rock  work. 

The  Col  du  Charforon  is  probably 
the  shortest  route  from  the  Club  hut  to 
Ceresole  ;  it  is  reached  by  an  easy 
traverse  over  the  Moncorve  and  Mon- 
ciair glaciers,  and  a  steep  snow  slope 
(2  hrs.),  the  descent  on  the  other 
side  lying  at  first  to  the  left  down 
steep  rocks  (on  which  an  iron  cable 
has  now  been  fixed)  and  the  small 
Broglio  glacier,  below  which  one  of 
the  royal  hunting  paths  is  found,  and 
followed  past  the  Bi'oglio  huts  and 
over  a  grassy  pass,  the  Colle  delta 
Sia  (2,274  m.,  7,461  ft.)  to  Ceresole 
(3 J  hrs.  from  the  pass).  The  Col  de 
Moncorve  is  even  easier  in  itself,  but 
it  brings  the  traveller  to  the  head  of 
the  Ciamosseretto  glen,  which  de- 
scends direct  to  Noasca,  so  that  to 
gain  Ceresole  a  wearisome  traverse 
round  spurs,  or  the  traverse  of  a  second 
high  pass,  the  Colle  delta  Torre 
(3,187  m.,  10,457  ft.),  is  necessary. 
The  Col  du  Grand  Etret  (for  the  W. 
pass,  3,158  m.,  10,361  ft.,  is  far 
better  than  that  to  the  E.)  leads  by 
yet  a  third  glen,  that  of  Medico,  to 
Ceresole.  The  Moncorve,  Monciair, 
and  Seiva  glaciers  must  all  be  tra- 
versed in  a  S.W.  direction  from  the 
Club  hut  in  order  to  gain  the  pass 
(2 J  hrs. )  An  easy  snow  gully  start- 
ing from  the  ridge  between  the  Mare 
Perci  and  the  mound  on  the  E.  of  the 


ROUTE  K.    FROM  THE  VICTOR  EMMANUEL  CLUB  HUT  323 


pass,  called  Grand  Etret  (3,199m., 
10,496  ft.),  leads  in  20  min.  or  so  to 
the  W.  side  of  the  Colle  della  Porta 
(3,025  m.,  10,925  ft.)  The  traveller 
can  then  choose  between  a  direct 
descent  by  the  royal  hunting  path  S.  W. 
past  the  Medico  huts  to  the  church 
town  of  Ceresole  (Rte.  I),  and  so  to 


j  the  inns  at  Ceresole  Reale  (2J-3  hrs. ), 
j   or  may  follow  the  path  E.  over  the  Colle 
I  della  Porta,  and  join  the   Col  du 
I   Charforon  route  at  the  Broglio  huts, 
and  so  reach  Ceresole  Reale  in  about 
3J-4  hrs.  from  the  foot  of  the  Col  du. 
Grand  Etret. 


325 


CHAPTER  VI. 
PENNINE  ALPS. 


Section  16. 
Mont  Blanc  District. 

Route. 

A.  Geneva  to  Chamonix.  Excursions 

from  Chamonix. 

B.  The  Ascent  of  Mont  Blanc. 

C.  The  Chamonix  Aiguilles. 

D.  Chamonix  to  Courmayeur  by  the 

Col  du  Geant  and  other  Passes 
from  the  Montenvers. 

E.  Chamonix  to  Courmayeur  by  the 

Col  du  Bonhomme.  Excursions 
from  Courmayeur. 

F.  Contamines  to  Courmayeur  by  the  j 

Trelatete  Glacier. 

G.  Chamonix  to  Courmayeur  by  the  | 

Mi  age  Glacier. 

H.  Chamonix  to  Martigny. 

I .  Chamonix  or  Martigny  to  Orsieres  by 

Champex. 
K.  Orsieres  to  Courmayeur  by  the  Col 
Ferret. 

L.  Chamonix  to  Orsieres  by  the  Argen-  ; 

tiere  Glacier. 
M.  Chamonix  to  Orsieres  by  the  Tour 

Glacier, 

Section  17. 
slxt  and  champery  district. 
Route. 

A.  Geneva  to   Sixt  by  Taninges  or 

Samoens. 

B.  Cluses,   Sallanches,    or  Servoz  to 

Sixt. 

C.  Sixt  and  its  Neighbourhood. 

D.  Sixt  to  Chamonix  by  the  Col  d'An- 

terne. 

E.  Sixt  to  Argentiere  or  Chamonix  by 

the  Buet  and  the  Aiguilles  Rouges. 

F.  Sixt  to  Sal  van  and  Martigny. 

G.  Sixt  or  Samoens  to  Champlry. 

H.  Monthey  to  Champery.    Ascent  of 

the  Dent  du  Midi. 


Route. 

I.  Champery  to  Martigny  or  Chamo- 
nix. 

K.  Geneva  to  St.  Maurice  by  Thonon. 
L.  Thonon  to  Bonneville  or  Taninges. 
M.  Thonon  to  Taninges  or  Samcens. 
N.  Thonon  to  Monthey  by  Morgins  or 
Champe>y. 

Section  18. 
Grand  Combin  District. 
Route. 

A.  Martigny  to  Aosta  by  the  Great  St, 

Bernard. 

B.  Great  St.  Bernard  Hospice  to  Cour- 

mayeur. 

C.  Bourg  St.  Pierre  to  Courmayeur. 

D.  Bourg  St.  Pierre  to  Aosta  by  the 

Col  de  Valsorey.  Ascent  of  the 
Mont  Velan. 

E.  Martigny  to  Aosta  by  the  Val  de 

Bagnes  and  the  Col  de  Fenetre. 

F.  Fionnay  to  Bourg  St.  Pierre  by  the 

Col  des  Maisons  Blanches.  As- 
cent of  the  Grand  Combin. 

G.  Bourg  St.  Pierre  to  Chanrion  by  the 

Col  du  Scnadon. 

H.  Chanrion  to  the  Valpelline.  As- 

cents from  Chanrion. 
L  Chanrion  to  Arolla  by  the  Otemma 

or  Breney  Glaciers. 
K.  Mauvoisin  or  Chanrion  to  Arolla  or 

Her^mence  by  the  Cols  du  Mont 

Rouge  and  de  Seilon. 
L.  Sion  to  the  Val  de  Bagnes  or  Arolla 

by  the  Val  d'Her^mence. 

Section  19. 

Evolena,  Zinal,  and  Valpelline 
District. 

Route. 

A.  Sion  to  Evolena  by  the  Val  d' Ke- 
rens. .  Excursions  from  Evolena. 


326 


PENNINE  ALPS 


Route. 

B.  Evolena  to  Arolla.    Excursions  and 

Ascents  from  Arolla. 

C.  Arolla  to  Zermatt. 

D.  Arolla  to  the  Valpelline  by  the  Col 

de  Collon. 

E.  Aosta  to  Zermatt  by  the  Col  de 

Valpelline.  Ascent  of  the  Dent 
d'Herens. 

F-.  Praraye  to  the  Valtournanche  by 
the  Col  de  Valcournera. 

G.  Through  the  Val  St.  Barth61emy  to 

the  Valpelline  or  the  Valtour- 
nanche. 

H.  Evolena  to  Zermatt  by  the  Col 

d'H^rens.  Ascent  of  the  Dent 
Blanche. 

I.  Sierre  to  Zermatt  by  the  Val  dAnni- 

viers.    Ascents  from  Zinal. 
K.  Evolena  to  the  Val  dAnniviers. 
L.  Val  dAnniviers  to  Gruben. 
M.  Gruben  to  St.Niklaus  and  Randa. 


Section  20. 
Monte  Rosa  District. 

Route. 

A.  Visp  to  Zermatt.    Excursions  and 

Ascents  from  Zermatt. 

B.  Zermatt  to   Chatillon  by  the  St. 

The'odule  Pass.  Ascents  from 
Breuil. 

C.  Zermatt  to  Verres  by  the  Schwarzthor 

and  the  Val  dAyas. 

D.  Zermatt  to  Pont  St.  Martin  by  the 

Lysjoch  and  the  Val  de  Lys. 


Route. 

E.  Zermatt  to  Varallo  by  the  Sesiajoch 

and  the  Val  Sesia. 

F.  Zermatt   to   Domodossola  by  the 

Weissthor  and  the  Val  Anzasca. 

G.  Tour  of  Monte  Rosa  by  the  High 

Glacier  Passes. 

H.  Valtournanche  to   Macugnaga  by 

the  Middle  Passes. 

I.  Aosta  to  the  Val  Anzasca  by  the 

LGwer  Passes. 
K.  Ivrea  to  Orta  by  Biella. 
L.   Orta  to  Ponte  Grande  by  the  Val 

Mastallone. 
M.  Orta  to  Ponte  Grande  by  the  Val 

Strona. 

N.  Visp  to  Macugnaga  by  the  Monte 

Moro. 
O.  Saas  to  Zermatt. 
P.  Saas  to  St.  Niklaus. 


Section  21. 
Simplon  District. 

Route. 

A.  Geneva  to  Milan  by  the  Simplon 

Pass. 

B.  Simplon  to  Saas  by  the  Fletschhorn 

Range. 

C.  Saas  to  Simplon  or  Domodossola  by 

the  Zwischbergen  Pass. 
D*  Simplon  to  Domodossola  by  the 

Val  Bognanco. 
E.  Saas  to  Domodossola  by  the  Val 

Antrona. 


-The  traveller  who  has  explored  the 
Alps  in  different  directions,  and 
surveyed  them  from  several  of  the 
high  points  which  offer  an  extensive 
panoramic  view,  can  scarcely  fail  to 
have  formed  the  conclusion  that,, 
whatever  the  forces  may  have  been 
that  have  raised  so  vast  a  mass  of 
matter  above  the  ordinary  level  of 
our  continent,  they  have  acted  with 
peculiar  intensity  throughout  the 
range,  which,  to  speak  roughly,  ex- 
tends between  the  upper  valley  of 
the  Rhone  and  that  of  the  Dora 
Baltea  from  Mont  Blanc  to  Monte 
Rosa.  On  studying  a  model,  or  even 
a  good  map,  it  becomes  apparent  that 


the  importance  of  this  range  does  not 
depend  only  on  the  fact  that  it 
includes  all  the  highest  peaks  of  the 
Alps,  all  but  one  of  those  exceeding 
14,000  ft.,  and  fully  two-thirds  of 
those  over  13,000  ft.  Throughout 
the  whole  central  region  of  the  Alps, 
from  the  valley  of  the  Adige  to  the 
basin  of  the  Isere  and  that  of  the 
Arve,  a  prevailing  direction  is  ob- 
served in  the  chief  valleys,  the  key  to 
which  is  to  be  found  in  the  Pennine 
chain.  We  thus  find  that  the  range 
of  Mont  Blanc  lies  between  two 
parallel  troughs,  the  valley  of 
Chamonix,  and  the  Allee  Blanche, 
I  directed  from  W.S.W.  to  E.N.E.  ; 


INTRODUCTION 


327 


that  the  same  direction  is  repeated  in 
the  Valpelline,  the  Val  Anzasca,  the 
valley  of  the  Trient,  &c,  and  that,  if 
we  carry  our  eye  across  the  whole  of 
Switzerland,  we  constantly  encounter 
ridges  and  depressions  of  the  surface 
that  conform  to  the  same  direction. 
A  line  drawn  from  Martigny  to 
Coire,  with  a  slight  dislocation  be- 
tween Leuk  and  Visp,  marks  a  great 
line  of  depression  nearly  120  m.  in 
length — traversed,  it  is  true,  by  two 
ridges,  and  forming  the  channel  for 
four  different  streams,  yet  essentially 
one  trough,  parallel  to  and  nearly  a 
continuation  of  the  valley  of  Chamo- 
nix.  Farther  E.  another  great  paral- 
lel line  of  depression  may  be  traced 
from  Kauns  (not  far  from  Landeck), 
in  the  valley  of  the  Inn,  to  the 
source  of  that  stream,  and  then  over 
the  Maloja  Pass  to  Chiavenna,  per- 
haps even  thence  to  Cannobio,  on 
the  Lago  Maggiore,  and  through  the 
Val  Vigezzo  and  the  Val  Anzasca  to 
the  base  of  Monte  Rosa.  The  line 
of  lakes  from  Interlaken  to  Kiiss- 
nacht,  that  between  Orbe  and  Soleure, 
and  the  direction  of  most  of  the  minor 
ranges  of  the  Canton  of  Bern,  all 
bear  testimony  to  the  existence  of 
forces  which  have  operated  over  a 
wide  area,  but  which  have  produced 
their  maximum  effect  in  the  range  of 
the  Pennine  Alps. 

The  Little  St.  Bernard  and  the 
valley  of  the  Dora  Baltea  as  far  as 
Ivrea  separate  the  Pennine  from  the 
Graian  Alps.  The  W.  boundary  of 
the  Penmnes  is  formed  by  the  glens 
of  Bonr.eval  and  Montjoie,  between 
Bourg  St.  Maurice,  on  the  Isere,  and 
St.  Gervais,  and  then  by  the  valley 
of  the  Arve  to  its  confluence  with  the 
Rhone.  The  Upper  Rhone  valley, 
the  Simplon  Pass,  and  the  Val 
d'Ossola  serve  to  fix  the  N.  and  E. 
limits,  while  between  Ivrea  and 
Arona  the  massive  buttresses  of 
Monte  Rosa  sink  into  the  plain  of 
Piedmont.  The  hilly  district  of  the 
Chablais,  lying  between  the  Arve,  the 
Rhone,  and  the  Lake  of  Geneva, 
along  with  the  adjacent  Swiss  valleys, 


W.  of  the  Rhone,  is  perhaps  more 
intimately  related  to  the  Bernese 
than  to  the  Pennine  chain,  but  its 
contiguity  to  the  latter  makes  it 
practically  more  convenient  to  include 
it  in  the  present  Chapter. 

Within  the  limits  here  indicated 
the  Pennine  chain  presents  a  tolerably 
continuous  range  about  70  m.  long, 
in  a  straight  line  from  the  S.W.  end 
of  the  chain  of  Mont  Blanc  to  the 
Fletschhorn,  with  tw7o  great  disloca- 
tions. The  one,  between  Mont 
Blanc  and  the  Mont  Velan,  gives 
place  for  the  chief  passes  across  the 
main  chain  that  fall  below  the  level 
of  perpetual  snow.  The  other  dislo- 
cation is  seen  in  the  irregular  zigzag 
line  described  by  the  crest  of  >  the 
chain  between  the  Matterhorn  and 
the  Fletschhorn,  forming  the  main 
range  of  Monte  Rosa. 

The  pre-eminence  of  Mont  Blanc 
over  every  other  summit  of  the  Alps, 
the  interest  attaching  to  its  conquest, 
especially  to  the  ascent  of  Saussure, 
and  the  grand  scenery  of  the  valley 
itself,  all  combined  to  make  Chamonix 
one  of  the  earliest  resorts  of  Alpine 
travellers,  so  that,  even  before  the 
French  Revolution,  many  strangers 
were  seen  in  the  valley,  which  but  a 
few  years  earlier  wras  almost  unknow  n 
to  travellers  for  pleasure.  After  the 
peace  of  18 14  the  stream  of  tourists 
began  to  flow  in  the  same  direction. 
The  number  of  visitors  constantly 
increased,  but  for  long  the  valley  of 
Chamonix  and  the  pass  of  the  Great 
St.  Bernard  were  the  only  portions  of 
the  Pennine  Alps  at  all  generally 
known.  A  few  Swiss  and  German 
naturalists,  and  a  still  smaller  number 
of  adventurous  Englishmen,  had  fol- 
lowed in  the  footsteps  of  Saussure  in 
the  valleys  surrounding  Monte  Rosa, 
but  it  is  only  within  the  last  40  years 
or  so  that  general  attention  has  been 
directed  to  that  region,  which  is  now 
recognised  as  second  to  none  in  the 
union  of  all  the  elements  of  the 
sublime  in  nature.  Still  more 
recently  the  central  portion  of  the 
Pennine    chain    has    been  pretty 


328       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


thoroughly  explored  by  English  and 
foreign  climbers,  while  excellent  inns 
have  now  been  established  at  Evolena, 
Arolla,  Zinal,  and  other  villages,  and 
Club  huts  have  been  built  at  various 
convenient  points.  But  the  accom- 
modation at  the  head  of  the  Val  de 
Bagnes  and  of  the  Valpelline  still 
leaves  much  room  for  improvement. 
The  southern  valleys  of  Monte  Rosa 
are  now  well  supplied  with  inns. 

The  snow-clad  portion  of  the 
Pennine  chain  is  generally  divided 
into  three  parts — the  Western  Pen- 
7tineS)  or  the  chain  of  Mont  Blanc, 
the  Central  Pe7tnines,  thence  to  the 
St.  Theodule  Pass,  and  the  Eastern 
Pennines,  limited  by  the  Simplon 
Pass.  All  three  have  been  described 
in  detail  in  three  volumes  of  the 
£  Climbers'  Guides '  series,  which 
were  published  between  1890  and 
1892. 


SECTION  16. 

MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT. 

The  mountain  mass  which  includes 
the  highest  summit  of  the  Alps  lies 
between  the  parallel  valleys  of  Cha- 
monix  on  the  N.  and  of  the  Allee 
Blanche  and  of  Ferret  on  the  S.1 
The  Allee  Blanche  and  the  Italian 
Val  Ferret  send  down  two  torrents 
flowing  in  opposite  directions  towards 
the  village  of  Entreves,  near  which 

1  This  word  is  correctly  written  La 
Lex  Blanche  ('  lex  '  meaning  a  meadow 
shut  in  by  hills) ;  but  it  does  not  seem 
possible  to  change  the  received  spelling. 
It  is  an  old  name,  and  appears  under 
the  form  '  Lalays  Blanchy '  in  a  charter 
of  1359.  The  name  Ferret  is  here  used 
of  the  two  valleys  on  either  side  of  the 
Col  Ferret,  the  W.  one  being  Italian, 
the  E.  one  Swiss.  For  convenience 
we  speak  as  if  the  range  of  Mont  Blanc 
lay  E.  and  W. ,  but  it  must  be  recol- 
lected that  the  true  direction  of  the 
watershed,  and  of  the  valleys  on  either 
side,  approaches  N.E.  and  S.W. 


they  unite  to  form  the  main  stream  of 
the  Dora  Baltea,  which  escapes  to 
the  S.  E.  by  a  broad  opening  between 
the  Mont  Chetif  and  the  Mont  de  la 
Saxe.  It  is  questionable  whether  the 
Mont  Blanc  range  may  most  pro- 
perly be  described  as  a  single  ridge, 
throwing  out  on  the  N.  side  massive 
buttresses,  which  are  crowned  by 
towers  and  pinnacles  that  rival  in 
height  those  of  the  central  ridge,  or 
as  two  parallel  ridges  linked  together 
by  connecting  walls  of  rock,  and 
with  this  peculiarity,  that  the  N. 
ridge  is  broken  through  by  numerous 
gaps,  through  which  the  vast  accumu- 
lations of  ice  formed  in  the  central 
basins  are  drained  by  the  glaciers 
descending  into  the  valley  of  Cha- 
monix.  At  the  W.  end  of  the  range 
several  glaciers  descend  towards  the 
Montjoie  glen,  while  the  opposite  ex- 
tremity, limited  by  the  Swiss  bit  of 
the  Val  Ferret,  the  Dranse,  and  the 
Trient,  is  also  bordered  by  numerous 
glaciers  whose  streams  flow  into  those, 
valleys. 

As  already  explained,  the  water- 
shed of  the  Mont  Blanc  range  is 
the  ridge  which  rises  on  the  S.  side 
immediately  above  the  Allee  Blanche 
and  the  Italian  bit  of  the  Val  Ferret. 
Although  the  crest  does  not  maintain 
continuously  so  high  a  level  as  that  of 
Monte  Rosa,  this  may  be  pronounced 
for  combined  length,  height,  and 
steepness  to  be  the  most  formidable 
barrier  existing  in  the  Alps.  Until 
about  thirty- five  years  ago  but  two 
passes — the  Col  de  Miage  and  the 
Col  du  Geant — had  been  effected 
across  the  snowy  portion  of  the  range 
extending  from  the  Mont  Tondu  on 
the  W.  to  the  Mont  Dolent  on  the  E. 
But  of  recent  years  this  number  has 
been  very  largely  increased,  so  that 
no  fewer  than  twenty-two  passes  are 
now  known  between  those  limits, 
six  leading  from  St.  Gervais,  and 
sixteen  from  Chamonix.  There  are 
also  seven  snow  passes,  approached 
from  the  Argentiere  and  Tour  glaciers, 
at  the  E.  end  of  the  main  range, 
which  lead  into  the  Swiss  Val  Ferret. 


§  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


329 


The  name  Mont  Blanc  is  some- 
times applied  collectively  to  the  en- 
tire range,  or  to  a  large  portion  of  it  ; 
we  here  confine  it  to  the  central  peak, 
which  overtops  all  its  attendant  sum- 
mits by  nearly  2,000  ft.,  and  is  cut 
off  from  its  chief  rivals  by  the  Col  de 
Miage  on  the  W. ,  and  on  the  E.  by  the 
Vallee  Blanche  and  the  Col  du  Midi, 
between  the  Aiguille  du  Midi  and 
the  Mont  Blanc  du  Tacul.  The 
latter  projecting  point,  as  well  as  the 
higher  eminence  of  the  Mont  Maudit, 
are  properly  but  portions  of  the  main 
peak,  and  the  same  may  be  also  ob- 
served of  the  continuous  ridge  which 
extends  from  the  summit  by  the 
Bosses  du  Dromadaire  and  the  Dome 
du  Gouter  to  the  Aiguille  du  Gouter. 
The  remaining  portion  of  the  chain 
of  Mont  Blanc  is  not  naturally  divided 
into  large  and  distinct  masses,  but 
exhibits  in  extraordinary  perfection 
that  characteristic  form  of  sharp 
craggy  pinnacle  which  has  received 
the  name  of  aiguille,  nearly  sixty 
peaks  in  the  range  now  bearing  this 
prefix. 

Two  outlying  ranges  closely  con- 
nected with  the  chain  of  Mont  Blanc 
are  included  in  the  present  Section. 
To  the  N.  of  the  valley  of  Chamonix 
the  range  of  the  Brevent  and  that 
commonly  called  the  Aiguilles  Rouges, 
connected  wTith  the  Buet,  but  nearly 
separated  by  the  Vallorcine  and  the 
Diosaz,  cannot  well  be  detached  from 
the  adjoining  valley  of  Chamonix. 
For  the  same  reason  the  range  of  the 
Crammont  (its  best  known  though 
not  its  highest  summit),  between  the 
Allee  Blanche  and  the  road  over  the 
Little  St.  Bernard,  is  not  placed  apart 
from  Courmayeur,  which  lies  close  to 
its  N.E.  base. 

The  two  Alpine  villages  above 
named,  Chamonix  and  Courmayeur, 
are  the  natural  headquarters  to 
which  travellers  resort,  according  as 
they  would  establish  themselves  on 
the  N.  or  S.  side  of  the  range.  There 
are  a  few  little  inns,  and  many  Club 
huts,  at  higher  points  ;  but,  owing  to 
the  form  of  the  range,  there  is  no  one 


inn  in  a  central  position  and  at  a 
considerable  height,  such  as  the  Riffel 
or  the  Eggishorn,  where  a  moun- 
taineer can  sojourn  with  satisfaction 
while  exploring  the  surrounding 
peaks.  The  much  enlarged  and  im- 
proved inn  at  the  Montenvers  is,  in- 
deed, very  conveniently  placed  for 
the  peaks  and  passes  round  the  great 
basin  of  the  Mer  de  Glace  ;  but  any 
one  who  would  explore  the  E.  and 
W.  ends  of  the  chain  must  thence 
make  a  longer  or  shorter  journey 
before  gaining  suitable  night  quarters. 
On  the  other  hand,  it  may  be  re- 
marked that  there  is,  perhaps,  no 
great  mountain  mass  so  admirably 
provided  with  natural  belvederes 
whence  it  may  be  viewed  on  every 
side-  as  that  of  Mont  Blanc.  These 
are  the  Brevent,  the  Buet,  theCatogne, 
the  Crammont,  and  the  Mont  Joly, 
all  of  them  possessing  the  great  ad- 
vantage that  a  deep  valley  lies  be- 
tween the  observer  and  the  main 
range  rising  on  the  opposite  side. 

The  whole  of  the  French  portion 
of  the  district  described  in  this  Sec- 
tion is  included  in  that  part  of  Savoy 
which  was  neutralised  in  181 5  by  the 
Great  Powers.  (See  the  Introduc- 
tion to  Section  11.) 

Full  details  as  to  all  the  peaks  and 
passes  in  the  range  of  Mont  Blanc 
will  be  found  in  M.  Louis  Kurz's 
<  The  Chain  of  Mont  Blanc  '  (1892), 
a  volume  of  the  '  Climbers'  Guides  ' 
series.  (The  French  edition,  pub- 
lished at  the  same  time,  contains,  in 
addition,  a  complete  bibliography  of 
the  range. )  M.  Charles  Durier's  ad- 
mirable history  of  Mont  Blanc  itself, 
4  Le  Mont  Blanc'  (fourth  edition, 
1897)  is  a  model  of  its  kind,  and 
should  be  consulted  by  any  one  de- 
siring to  know  how  the  highest  sum- 
mit in  the  Alps  was  discovered  by 
travellers,  and  later  thoroughly  ex- 
plored and  overrun.  It  is  a  re- 
markable fact  that  no  one  really 
satisfactory  map  of  the  whole  chain 
of  Mont  Blanc  was,  till  1896,  given 
to  the  world.  That  constructed  by 
the    unassisted    exertions    of  Mr. 


33Q       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


Adams-Reilly  (1865)  cleared  up 
many  topographical  points,  indeed, 
and  took  in  the  whole  chain,  but 
gave  no  heights.  The  best  on  the 
whole  was  that  by  M.  Mieulet  (1865, 
4  0(7oo)'  ^ough  it  doss  not  show  the 
entire  chain.  But  in  1896,  at  last,  a 
really  good  map  of  the  range,  from 
the  Col  du  Bonhomme  to  the  Catogne, 
was  issued.  This  is  the  map  (-q^) 
by  Herr  X.  Imfeld,  based  on  the 
long-continued  researches  on  the  spot 
of  M.  L.  Kurz.  The  heights  given 
in  the  following  pages  are  throughout 
(with  the  limits  of  the  map)  derived 
from  this  map  by  M.  Kurz,  on  whose 
observations  with  a  theodolite,  made 
in  1893  and  1894,  they  are  founded. 
One  by  the  MM.  Vallot  (^),  in 
twelve  sheets,  is  in  preparation,  but 
will  not  be  completed  for  many  years. 
The  sketch  map  of  the  Bre- 

vent-Belvedere  range,  just  N.  of  the 
Chamonix  valley,  published  by  MM. 
Vallot  in  vol.  xix.  of  the  '  Annuaire 
du  Club  Alpin  Francais5  (1892),  is 
the  only  one  which  gives  an  accurate 
representation  of  that  range.  It  is 
difficult  to  account  for  the  fact  that 
so  well  known  a  range  has  hitherto 
been  so  badly  surveyed  ;  in  the  case 
of  the  main  chain,  the  fact  that  it  is 
divided  between  three  countries  ex- 
plains, if  it  fails  to  justify,  the  very 
curious  existing  state  of  things. 


Route  A. 

GENEVA  TO  CHAMONIX.  EXCUR- 
SIONS FROM  CHAMONIX. 

M. 

Annemasse     .       .  3^ 

Monnetier-Mornex .  5^ 

La  Roche  sur  Foron  13! 

Bonneville      .       .  20^ 
Cluses     .       .  . 

Sallanches      .       .  38 1 

Le  Fayet        „       .  43 

Chamonix       .       .  54! 

Railway  open  to  Le  Fayet,  in  progress 
(electric  line)  to  Chamonix.  Trains  to 
Cluses  in  ij  hr. ,  and  to  Le  Fayet  in 


#hr.  more  ;  diligence  on  to  Chamonix 
in  2V  hrs.  Travellers  from  Paris 
wishing  to  avoid  Swiss  territory  may 
do  so  by  taking  the  railway  from 
Bellegarde  (between  Culoz  and 
Geneva)  to  Annemasse  (24J  m., 
1^  hr.)  Note  that  the  Cornavin 
station  (r.  bank)  at  Geneva,  where 
the  Paris,  Swiss,  and  Italian  trains 
arrive,  is  about  a  mile  from  the  Eaux 
Vives  station  (1.  bank),  whence  the 
trains  for  the  Cluses  and  Annecy  line 
(with  its  branches)  depart. 
There  is  a  fine  alternative  route  to  Cha- 
monix from  Aix  les  Bains  and  Annecy 
by  way  of  Flumet  and  Me"geve,  the 
through  service  accomplishing  the 
distance  from  Annecy  in  about  n  hrs. 
(See  §  11.  Rte.  H.) 

Geneva  (375  m.,  1,230  ft.)  is 
the  capital  of  the  smallest  Canton, 
save  that  of  Zug,  in  the  Swiss  Con- 
federation, and  is  the  third  most 
populous  city  in  Switzerland,  but 
perhaps  the  richest,  and  certainly 
one  of  the  most  important.  In  part 
through  its  natural  advantages,  in 
part  through  the  intellectual  activity 
of  its  inhabitants,  but  mainly  because 
(with  the  exception  of  the  French 
domination  between  1798  and  18 14) 
it  has  maintained  for  several  cen- 
turies its  political  independence 
against  all  attacks,  it  has  held  a 
place  in  Europe  quite  dispropor- 
tioned  to  its  population  and  re- 
sources. Within  the  last  half- 
century  the  town  has  been  almost 
rebuilt,  especially  that  portion  of  it 
on  the  r.  bank  of  the  Rhone,  and 
has  thus  put  on  an  aspect  of  wealth 
and  stateliness  befitting  its  admirable 
natural  position  at  the  outlet  of  what 
many  regard  as  the  finest  of  the 
Swiss  lakes,  in  a  rich  strip  of  country 
that  lies,  as  in  a  bay,  between  the 
Jura  and  the  Alps.  Most  of  its  fine 
buildings  are  modern,  save  the 
Cathedral  Church  of  St.  Pierre  (re- 
cently restored),  which  dates  from 
the  late  twelfth  and  early  thirteenth 
centuries,  and  has  the  interesting 
4  Chapelle  des  Macchabees,'  built  in 
1406.  There  are  a  splendid  Public 
Lib?-ary,  containing  many  valuable 


ROUTE  A.  GENEV 


7A  TO  CHAMONIX 


331 


MSS.  and  books,  a  Natural  History 
Museum  (with  the  geological  collec- 
tion of  Saussure  and  the  botanical 
collection  of  Candolle,  besides 
other  objects  of  importance),  an 
Archceological  Museum,  and  an 
Historical  Museum  (in  the  Arsenal), 
all  three  in  the  University  buildings. 
The  Musee  Rath  has  many  pictures, 
mostly  by  local  artists,  the  Musee 
Ariana  a  magnificent  collection  of 
art  treasures  of  all  kinds,  and  the 
Musee  Fol  many  antiquities  of  various 
periods.  Those  interested  in  the 
Alps  will  be  especially  drawn  to  the 
Jardin  Alpin  d^  Acclimatation,  in  the 
Chemin  Dancet  (Alpine  plants  may 
here  be  purchased).  A  little  to  the 
S.E.  of  the  pretty  Jardin  Anglais  on 
the  L  bank  of  the  Rhone,  are  several 
erratic  blocks  in  the  lake,  the  largest 
of  which  is  called  the  Pierre  du 
Nit 07t,  the  name  being  taken  from  a 
traditional  belief  that  it  was  an  altar 
to  the  god  Neptune.  Its  height  was 
determined  many  years  ago  as  377  m. 
(1,237  ft.),  but  the  result  of  later 
observations,  made  by  more  accurate 
processes,  is  374  m.  (1,227  ft-)  As 
this  stone  has  been  taken  by  the 
Swiss  surveyors  as  the  basis  of  their 
hypsometrical  calculations  it  follows 
that  all  heights  on  the  Swiss  maps  are 
3  m.  (nearly  10  ft. )  too  high.  For 
this  reason  the  heights  on  the  Swiss 
bit  of  Herr  Imfeld's  map  (mentioned 
in  the  Introduction  to  this  Section) 
differ  by  3  m.  from  those  on  the 
Swiss  Government  maps. 

The  Public  Walks  in  and 
about  the  town  may  challenge 
comparison  with  those  of  any 
city  in  Europe.  The  magnificent 
Pont  du  Mont  Blanc  commands 
an  even  finer  view  than  the  Pont  des 
Bergues,  a  little  below.  But  the 
latter  bridge  is  connected  with  the 
He  J.  J.  Rousseau  (on  which  is  a  fine 
statue  by  Pradier),  dividing  the  waters 
of  the  *  arrowy  Rhone  '  just  as  they 
issue  from  the  lake,  and  so  deserves 
a  visit  also.  The  Promenades  de  la 
Treille  and  des  Bastions,  on  the  site 
of  the  old  bastions,  are  also  worth  a 


stroll.  The  best  view  of  Mont  Blanc 
is  obtained  from  the  Quai  du  Mont 
Blanc,  on  the  r.  bank  of  the  river, 
close  to  the  fine  new  street  of  that 
name  leading  from  the  Cornavin  or 
main  railway  station  to  the  Pont  du 
Mont  Blanc. 

The  environs  of  Geneva  are  studded 
with  Villas,  which  for  the  most  part 
command  beautiful  views  of  the  lake 
and  the  mountains.  The  junction  of 
the  Rhone  and  the  Arve  about  1  m. 
W.  of  the  town  is  worth  a  visit. 
The  latter  stream  is  laden  with  the 
impalpable  powder  into  which  the 
rocks  of  Mont  Blanc  are  ground  be- 
neath the  glaciers  that  feed  the 
torrent,  and,  in  addition  to  this,  with 
the  detritus  of  the  sedimentary  de- 
posits through  which  it  flows  from 
Sallanches  to  Geneva ;  while  the 
waters  of  the  Rhone,  after  depositing 
their  impurities  in  the  bed  of  the 
lake,  acquire  the  exquisite  blue  tint 
that  fascinates  the  ordinary  observer, 
and  long  puzzled  men  of  science. 

The  mountaineer,  when  within 
sight  of  the  snowy  Alps,  is  not  likely 
to  halt  long  at  Geneva ;  but  among 
the  numerous  points  of  view  which 
may  be  reached  from  that  city  there 
are  some  that  in  their  way  can 
scarcely  be  surpassed.  The  range  of 
the  Jura,  extending  from  the  Mont 
Colombier,  near  Culoz,  to  Soleure, 
forms  a  natural  terrace  from  which  to 
survey  the  Swiss  and  Savoyard  Alps. 
A  traveller  who  ascends  to  a  height  of 
3,000  or  4,000  ft.  anywhere  in  the 
range  overlooks  the  intermediate 
lower  country,  while  his  eye  takes  in 
a  considerable  portion  of  the  great 
girdle  of  snowy  peaks  that  encloses 
the  upper  basin  of  the  Rhone.  The 
effect  of  this  panorama  is  immeasur- 
ably increased  when  a  broad  expanse 
of  water  lies  in  the  space  between 
the  eye  and  the  distant  background  ; 
and  hence  it  is  that  the  finest  views 
from  the  Jura  are  those  obtained 
from  the  parts  of  the  range  near  the 
W.  end  of  the  Lake  of  Geneva,  or 
from  above  Neuchatel.  The  latter 
position  is  the  more  central,  being 


332       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


about  equidistant  from  the  highest 
peaks  of  the  Mont  Blanc  chain  and 
the  Bernese  Oberland  Alps.  The 
Jura  above  Geneva  is  much  nearer 
Mont  Blanc  than  the  Bernese  chain, 
the  former  being  about  60  m.  distant, 
and  the  panorama,  though  more  striking 
towards  the  S.  W. ,  is  less  complete ;  but 
the  Lake  of  Geneva  (or  Lac  Leman), 
extending  from  the  spectator's  feet 
for  a  distance  of  40  m.,  with  its 
broad  channel  gradually  contracted 
between  heights  that  rise  higher  and 
higher  on  either  side  until  they  merge 
in  the  background  of  snowy  peaks, 
is  an  object  which,  when  once  seen 
under  favourable  circumstances,  can 
never  be  forgotten.  To  enjoy  this 
view  it  is  not  necessary  to  reach  the 
higher  summits  of  the  Jura,  which 
surpass  by  some  1,400  ft.  the  general 
level  of  the  range.  It  may  be  ob- 
tained, without  trouble,  by  mounting 
the  old  road  from  Geneva  to  Dijon 
by  Gex,  in  France  (2  hrs.  by  dili- 
gence) to  (7  m.  from  Gex)  the  Col  de 
la  Faitcille  (1,323  m.,  4,341  ft.),  or 
rather  less  perfectly  from  the  road 
(which  was  at  a  later  time  preferred) 
from  Nyon  (13J  m.  by  the  railway 
towards  Lausanne)  by  St.  Cergnes 
(9  m. ),  in  Switzerland,  to  the  pass 
leading  over  the  crest  to  (8  m. )  Les 
Rousses.  The  road  from  Geneva 
to  Gex  passes  by  Ferney  (35  min. 
from  Geneva  by  steam  tramway), 
long  inhabited  by  Voltaire.  The 
pedestrian  will  be  tempted  to  reach 
the  summit  of  the  Dole,  1,678  m., 
5,505  ft.  (lying  wholly  in  Swiss  ter- 
ritory), between  these  two  roads. 
This  is,  perhaps,  the  most  desirable 
point  from  which  to  view  this  match- 
less panorama.  It  takes  about  2  hrs. 
from  the  Col  de  la  Faucille,  or  from 
the  villages  of  St.  Cergues  or  Les 
Rousses  ;  the  latter  should  be  pre- 
ferred as  a  starting  point,  as  then  the 
view  comes  suddenly  before  the 
spectator's  eyes.  The  Dole,  being 
only  surpassed  in  the  Jura  by  the 
Cret  de  la  Neige  (1,723  m., 
5,653  ft.)  and  the  Reculet  (1,720  m., 
5,643  ft. )  (for  both  see  below),  and 


the  Mont  Ttndre  (1, 680  m.,  5,512  ft.), 
overlooks  an  extensive  horizon  to  the 
N.  and  W. ,  while  at  its  W.  base  lies 
the  Vallee  des  Dappes  (through  which 
the  road  descends  from  the  Col  de  la 
Faucille  by  La  Vattay  to  Les  Rousses 
in  1  if  m.),  in  dispute  between  France 
and  Switzerland  from  at  least  181 5, 
but  in  1862  the  subject  of  a  friendly 
compromise. 

The  Reculet  (1.720  m.,  5 , 643  ft. ) 
is  the  second  summit  of  the  Jura,  and 
lies  a  little  S.W.  of  Geneva.  It  does 
not  command  quite  so  fine  a  view  as 
the  Dole,  but  is  more  interesting  to 
the  naturalist  because  of  its  varied 
flora.  It  is  best  gained  in  about 
4  hrs.  by  way  of  Thoiry  (5  m.  above 
Satigny)  from  Satigny,  a  station 
6J-  m.  from  Geneva  on  the  line  to 
Bellegarde.  Hence  it  is  easy  to  follow 
the  ridge  N.E.  to  the  Ci'et  de  la 
Neige  (1,723  m.,  5,653  ft),  the 
culminating  point  of  the  entire  Jura 
range  ;  from  it  it  is  easy  to  descend  in 
2\  hrs.  to  Lelex,  7  m.  by  road  from 
Mijotix,  which  is  2  m.  from  the  Col 
de  la  Faucille  on  the  E. 

The  Saleve  is  a  ridge  of  lime- 
stone, lying  S.  of  Geneva,  and 
divided  into  the  Grand  Saleve  and 
the  Petit  Saleve  by  a  depression 
where  stands  the  village  of  Mon- 
netier.  It  is  a  very  fine  point  of 
view,  and  is  now  easily  accessible  by 
rail.  From  Geneva  there  is  a  steam 
tram  to  either  Ftrembieres  (f  hr. 
from  the  Place  du  Molard),  at  its  N. 
foot,  or  to  Veyrier  (§  hr.  from  the 
Cour  de  Rive),  on  the  W.  side.  From 
either  place  runs  an  electric  tramway, 
the  two  lines  meeting  at  Monnetier- 
Mairie  station.  Thence  it  mounts  to 
the  Plateau  des  Treize  Arbres  (patois 
form  of  *  trois  '),  1,184  m.,  3,885 
f.  (1  hr.  from  either  place),  the 
summit  of  the  Grand  Saleve  being 
J  hr.  further  on.  The  Petit  Saleve 
(902  m. ,  2,959  ft. )  is  gained  in  a  short 
half-hour's  walk  from  Monnetier. 
The  highest  point  on  the  Saleve  is 
the  Grand  Pit  on  ( 1 , 380  m. ,  4, 528  ft. ), 
which  may  be  reached  in  2  hrs.  from 
the  summit,  generally  visited  by  fol- 


ROUTE  A.    GENEVA  TO  CHAMONIX 


333 


lowing  the  ridge  in  a  S.W.  direction. 
On  the  W.  side  towards  Geneva  the 
Saleve  forms  an  escarpment  so  steep 
as  to  be  only  practicable  in  a  few 
places,  notably  the  Pas  de  PEchelle,  a 
staircase  cut  in  the  rock,  near  which 
runs  the  electric  tramway  from  Vey- 
rier  to  the  depression  between  the 
two  points  of  the  Saleve.  Another 
is  the  path  through  the  Grande  Gorge, 
from  Bossey,  on  the  N.W.,  which  is 
further  S.  This  gully  is  often  visited 
by  botanists.  Fatal  accidents  have 
arisen  from  attempts  to  descend  from 
the  Saleve  through  gullies  which  are 
practicable  above,  but  become  gradu- 
ally steeper,  and  terminate  in  preci- 
pices. The  mountain  is  rich  in  rare 
plants,  among  which  Arabis  saxa- 
tilis,  Hieracuim  andryaloides,  and 
H.  glaucum,  and  Orobanche  Laser- 
pitii  may  be  specified.  The  S.E. 
slope  of  the  mountain  facing  the 
valley  of  the  Arve  is  covered  with 
blocks  of  protogine,  which  have  been 
evidently  transported  from  the  Mont 
Blanc  chain. 

There  are  two  other  view  points 
which  may  be  visited  from  Geneva, 
but  they  are  rather  more  distant  than 
those  already  mentioned.  The  Voi- 
rons  (1,480  m.,  4,856  ft.),  on  the  E., 
can  be  reached  in  2\  hrs.  from  the 
Bons-St.  Didier  station,  12J  m.  from 
Geneva  on  the  Thonon  line  (§  17. 
Rte.  K).  The  Mole  (1,869  m., 
6,132  ft.),  on  the  S.  E. ,  is  best  reached 
in  3^  hrs.  from  Bonneville  (see 
below),  or  in  4  hrs.  from  St.  Jeoire, 
a  station  16 \  m.  from  Geneva  by  the 
steam  tramway  to  Samoens  (§  17. 
Rte.  A). 


From  the  Eaux  Vives  station  at 
Geneva  the  railway  to  Cluses  runs 
E.  past  Chene  Bourg,  and,  entering 
France  across  the  Foron,  soon  after 
reaches  Annemasse,  whence  the  lines 
to  Thonon  and  Bouveret  (§17,  Rte.  K) 
and  to  Bellegarde  (24  m. )  branch 
off,  as  well  as  the  steam  tramway  to 
Samoens  (§17.  Rte.  A).  It  soon  tra- 
verses the  Arve,  and  continues  S.E. 


above  its  1.  bank  till  near  Bonne- 
ville. The  Monnetier- Mornex  station, 
5 -J  m.  (for  the  Saleve  see  above,  but 
it  is  better  to  go  by  tramway,  as 
there  are  not  many  trains  a  day  by 
the  railway),  is  close  to  the  junction 
of  the  Menoge  with  the  Arve.  3|m. 
beyond  is  Reignier,  near  wThich  there 
are  a  very  large  quantity  of  erratic 
boulders.  In  13I  m.  from  Geneva 
the  train  reaches  the  junction  of  La 
Roche  sur  Foron  (picturesquely  situ- 
ated on  the  1.  bank  of  the  Foron), 
where  the  line  to  Annecy  and  Aix  les 
Bains  (§11.  Rtes.  E  and  F)  leaves  the 
main  line.  On  quitting  La  Roche 
the  Cluses  line  descends  to  the  1.  and 
crosses  successively  the  Foron,  the 
Borne,  and  the  Arve,  before  reaching 
(2o|  m. )  the  station  of 

Bonneville,  which  is  on  the  r.  bank 
of  the  Arve,  just  E.  of  the  town. 
This  town  was  formerly  the  capital  of 
the  Faucigny,  the  ruined  eleventh- 
century  castle  whence  the  province 
got  its  name  standing  on  a  steep 
rock,  about  4  m.  N.E.  of  the  town, 
on  the  r.  bank  of  the  Arve.  Bonne- 
ville stands  in  the  valley  of  the  Arve, 
between  the  Mole  on  the  N.E.  and 
the  Brezon  on  the  S.E. 

[The  Mole  (1,869  m.,  6,132  ft.) 
can  be  reached  in  about  3^-  hrs.  by  way 
of  the  Bovere  huts,  on  its  W.,  and  the 
Petit  Mole,  1,518  m.,  4,981  ft.  (a 
grassy  shoulder  on  the  S.,  f  hr.  below 
the  summit),  on  which  is  a  small  inn 
or  glorified  Club  hut.  The  Mole  is  a 
conical  mountain  which  makes  a  great 
show  from  below,  while  the  view  of  the 
snowy  mountains  from  the  summit  is 
even  finer  than  that  from  the  Saleve, 
as  it  is  much  nearer  to  them.  The 
ascent  from  St.  Jeoire  (§17.  Rte.  A) 
is  longer  and  steeper.  The  Brezon, 
or  Pointe  d^Aiidey  (1,879  m-> 
6,165  ft.),  is  a  favourite  resort  of 
botanists,  and  may  be  ascended  in 
3f  hrs.  from  Bonneville,  there  being 
now  a  char  road  to  the  village  of 
Brizon  (5f  m. ),  whence  the  summit 
is  attained  from  the  S.E.,  but  it  may 
also  be  gained  by  way  of  Andey,  on 
the  N.W.    From  Brizon  it  is  easy  to 


334       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


go  E.  by  the  village  of  Mont  Saxon- 
nex  to  Marnaz,  on  the  high  road, 
about  3  m.  from  Cluses.  For  the 
road  from  Bonneville  by  the  valley  of 
the  Borne  and  the  Col  de  St.  Jean  de 
Sixt  to  Thones  andAnnecy  see  §  II, 
Rte.  F.  and  for  that  to  Thonon  see 
§17.  Rte  L.3 

The  railway  follows  the  r.  bank  of 
the  Arve  for  some  distance,  then 
bends  N.E.  along  the  same  bank 
of  the  Giffre,  and  crosses  it  to 
(4J-  m. )  the  station  of  Marignier, 
at  the  S.E.  foot  of  the  Mole.  (Hence 
a  steam  tramway  runs  N.  to  the  Pont 
du  Risse  station,  J  m.  from  St. 
Jeoire,  on  the  Samoens  tramway, 
§17.  Rte.  A.)  The  line  once  more 
bends  S.  E. ,  and  nears  the  Arve, on  the 
r.  bank  of  which  is  situated  (29J  m.) 

Cluses,  a  small  town  at  the  mouth 
of  the  Arve  gorge,  whence  it  derives 
its  name.  It  was  rebuilt  after  a  great 
fire  in  1844,  and  is  devoted  to  watch- 
making. (For  the  carriage  road  over 
the  Col  de  Chatillon  to  Taninges, 
and  the  direct  routes  by  Araches  to 
Samoens,  see  §  17.  Rte.  A.  2  ;  for  that 
by  the  Lac  de  Flaine  to  Sixt,  §  17. 
Rte.  B.  1  ;  and  for  those  through  the 
Reposoir  glen  on  the  S. ,  §  1 1.  Rte.  G. ) 

Below  Cluses,  which  is  but  360  ft. 
above  the  level  of  the  Lake  of 
Geneva,  the  Arve  has  flowed  in  a 
wide  bed  through  a  comparatively 
open  country.  Above  Cluses  it  passes 
for  several  miles  through  a  narrow 
defile,  which  forms  a  worthy  portal 
to  the  grand  scenery  that  awaits  the 
traveller  who  would  approach  its 
sources  in  the  glaciers  of  the  chain  of 
Mont  Blanc.  This  defile,  which 
mounts  nearly  due  S.,  is  known  as 
the  Vallee  de  Mag/and,  and  lies  be- 
tween the  limestone  range  separating 
the  Arve  from  the  Giffre,  on  the  E., 
and  a  nearly  vertical  wall  of  rock,  on 
the  W. ,  which  extends  continuously 
to  the  Pointe  Percee  du  Reposoir, 
above  the  Chartreuse  du  Reposoir. 
The  new  railway  line  follows  the 
new  carriage  road,  running  for 
long  between  it  and  the  Arve. 
At  the  station  of  La  Balme,  2  m. 


beyond  Cluses,  the  defile  opens  a 
little,  and  a  slope  of  debris,  750  ft. 
high,  marks  the  spot  where  a  cavern 
penetrates  for  about  1,000  ft.  into 
the  limestone.  ( It  is  sometimes  visited 
by  passers-by  (2  hrs.  there  and  back, 
fees),  but  is  not  particularly  well 
worth  the  delay  to  any  one  who  has 
seen  similar  caverns,  common  in  all 
limestone  districts. )  The  road,  which 
keeps  on  the  r.  bank  of  the  Arve 
from  Cluses  to  near  the  Nant 
d'Arpenaz,  passes  opposite  the  hamlet 
of  ChamoniX)  on  the  other  side  of  the 
river.  As  M.  Durier  has  pointed 
out  (p.  44),  this  village  is  closed  in 
('munitus')  on  all  sides  by  the 
mountain  behind,  a  torrent,  and  the 
river,  so  that  the  real  meaning  of  the 
name  of  the  better  known  village  of 
Chamonix  is  here  perfectly  set  forth. 
Further  on  a  powerful  spring  bursts 
out  by  the  road -side.  This  was  sup- 
posed by  Saussure  to  be  the  out- 
let of  the  Lac  de  Flaine,  an  Alpine 
tarn  high  up  on  the  E.,  on  the  way 
to  Sixt  (§  17.  Rte.  B).  Immediately 
beyond  is  (4m.  from  Cluses)  the  station 
of  Mag/and,  and  a  little  further  the 
Chateau  of  Be//egarde,  whence  the  path 
to  Sixt  (as  above)  turns  off.  7  m.  from 
Cluses  the  new  road  and  line  cross  be- 
yond Oex  (station)  to  the  L  bank  of  the 
Arve,  the  old  road  continuing  along 
the  r.  bank  (for  a  description  see 
below).  Soon  after  the  traveller  sees 
on  the  r.  bank  of  the  Arve  the  Nant 
(FArpenaz,  one  of  the  highest  water- 
falls of  the  Alps.  It  is  about  1 50  ft. 
from  top  to  bottom,  but,  except  after 
heavy  rain,  or  in  the  spring,  the 
volume  of  water  is  so  small  that  it  is 
broken  into  spray  long  before  it 
reaches  the  lower  ledge,  and,  save  at 
such  times,  it  is  scarcely  worth  the 
trouble  to  approach  it  nearer  than  the 
road.  The  valley  widens,  and  the 
summit  of  Mont  Blanc  comes  into 
sight  as  the  traveller  draws  nearer  to 
(38I  m.  from  Geneva,  m.  from 
Cluses) 

Sallanches  (546m.,  1,791  ft.),  a 
little  town  rebuilt  after  a  disastrous 
fire  in  1840.    (For  the  path  to  Sixt 


ROUTE  A.    GENEVA  TO  CHAMONIX 


335 


by  the  Desert  de  Plate  see  §17.  Rte. 
B.  2.  and  for  the  very  beautiful  paths 
and  roads  by  Megeve  and  Flumet 
to  Annecy  and  Albertville  see  §  1 1. 
Rte.  H. )  Opposite  Sallanches,  and 
separated  from  it  by  an  old  bridge, 
whence  a  wonderful  view  of  Mont 
Blanc  is  obtained,  is  the  village  of 
,57.  Mar  Hit. 

[From  Sallanches  the  Aiguille  de 
Varens  (2,488  m.,  8,163  ft.),  which 
immediately  overhangs  the  valley 
on  the  E.,  may  be  climbed  in 
about  6  hrs.  by  a  path  mounting 
through  tiers  of  grand  limestone 
cliffs,  and  the  higher  Poiiite  du 
Colloney  (2,692  m.,  8,832  ft.)  in 
about  the  same  time.  The  curious 
Desert  de  Plate  may  be  visited  on  the 
way  back.  (For  details  see  §17.  Rte. 
B.  2. )  From  Sallanches  the  Pointe 
Perce e  du  Reposoir  (2,752  m.,  9,029 
ft.),  on  the  W. ,  may  also  be  as- 
cended in  4J  hrs. ,  but  this  route  in- 
volves a  great  detour,  while  it  is  also 
accessible  from  the  Reposoir  or  Grand 
Bornand  valleys.  (See  §  II.  Rte.  G. )] 

The  view  of  Mont  Blanc  from 
this  part  of  the  valley  of  the 
Arve  is  justly  celebrated,  and  is, 
indeed,  in  some  respects  unique  in 
the  Alps.  The  views  of  the  higher 
mountains,  when  not  seen  from  a 
great  distance,  are  almost  always,  in 
the  case  of  ordinary  travellers,  gained 
from  some  narrow  valley,  where  a 
limited  portion  only  can  be  seen,  or 
else  from  some  ridge  or  summit  that 
overlooks  the  intermediate  valleys. 
Here  at  the  foot  of  the  range  of  Mont 
Blanc  the  valley  of  the  Arve,  be- 
tween the  mouths  of  the  defiles  of 
Magland  and  of  Montjoie,  opens  out 
in  a  broad  basin,  with  by  far  the 
greater  part  of  the  W.  end  of  the 
range  fully  in  view,  a  fertile  plain  in 
the  foreground,  and  the  pine -covered 
heights  that  enclose  St.  Gervais  fill- 
ing the  middle  distance.  In  perfect 
symmetry,  without  the  sameness  that 
is  the  fault  of  human  architecture, 
Mont  Blanc  occupies  the  centre  of 
the  picture,  the  Dome  and  Aiguille 
du  Gouter  being  merged  into  its 


mass.  To  the  L  are  seen  the  Mont 
M  audit  and  the  Mont  Blanc  du 
Tacul,  and  beyond  them  the  Chamo- 
nix  Aiguilles,  from  the  Midi  to  the 
Verte.  On  the  r.  the  Aiguille  de 
Bionnassay  rises  in  all  its  beauty, 
flanked  by  the  Dome  de  Miage,  and 
other  peaks  between  it  and  the  Col 
du  Bonhomme.  The  Bionnassay  and 
N.  Miage  glaciers  are  seen  surrounded 
by  the  formidably  steep  ridges  that 
enclose  their  upper  basins,  and  a 
great  part  of  the  way  to  the  summit 
of  Mont  Blanc  by  the  St.  Gervais 
route,  and  a  part  of  that  over  the 
Col  de  Miage,  may  be  traced  in  de- 
tail through  the  glass.  It  is  true 
that  the  distance  in  a  direct  line  to 
the  summit  of  Mont  Blanc  is  very 
nearly  14  m. ,  but,  as  it  is  raised 
14,000  ft.  above  the  level  of  the 
valley,  the  angular  elevation  is  as 
great  as  is  compatible  with  a  general 
view.  Monte  Rosa,  as  seen  from  the 
head  of  the  Val  Anzasca,  is  a  more 
wonderful,  perhaps  also  a  more 
fascinating,  object,  but  for  massive 
and  stately  grandeur  this  aspect  of 
Mont  Blanc  surpasses  all  rivals.  The 
view  is  well  seen  from  the  high  road, 
but  better  by  mounting  some  ten 
minutes  behind  Sallanches  to  a  point 
whence  many  old  pictures  were  taken. 

The  new  line  and  road  to  Chamonix 
run  through  the  broad,  nearly  level 
valley  in  a  S.E.  direction,  some  dis- 
tance from  the  1.  bank  of  the  Arve, 
past  the  Pas sy-D oman cy  station  (2J 
m.),  for  4J  m.  to  the  Le  Fayet-St. 
Gervais  station,  J-  m.  beyond  which, 
at  the  bridge  over  the  Bon  Nant, 
the  routes  to  the  village  of  St. 
Gervais  (2|  m.  distant ;  the  Baths  of 
St.  Gervais  are  only  c.  \  m.  off)  and 
the  Col  du  Bonhomme  (see  Rte.  E, 
below)  branch  off. 

From  that  bridge  the  new  road  bends 
abruptly  to  the  N.E.  in  order  to  turn 
(on  the  1.  bank  of  the  Arve,  as  be- 
fore) the  N.  base  of  the  Vaudagne, 
©r  Tete  Noire,  a  ridge  which  is  the 
last  spur  of  the  Aiguille  du  Gouter, 
and  projects  in  such  a  fashion  as  to 
appear  to  block  the  main  valley  above 


336       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


Sallanches.  The  ridge  also  forms  a 
barrier  across  the  S.W.  end  of  the 
valley  of  Chamonix,  and  would  long 
ago  have  converted  it  into  a  lake  if 
the  waters  of  the  Arve  had  not  found 
a  circuitous  outlet  through  a  gorge, 
partly  cut  by  the  river  itself,  round 
the  N.  base  of  the  Vaudagne. 
Through  this  gorge  the  new  road 
ascends,  at  a  considerable  height 
above  the  Arve,  until  leaving  the 
river  it  enters  through  a  deep  cut- 
ting the  basin  of  Le  Chdtelard. 
Passing  out  of  it  through  a  short 
tunnel,  it  winds,  now  in  a  S.  direc- 
tion, through  a  fir  wood,  well  above 
the  river,  and  is  joined  by  the  old 
road  from  Servoz  at  the  Pont  Pelis- 
sier (7  m.  from  Le  Fayet).  Many 
erratic  boulders  and  many  traces  of 
former  glacial  action  are  seen  near 
the  road.  Presently  it  crosses  to 
the  r.  bank  of  the  Arve,  a  little 
below  Les  Houches,  but  soon  re- 
crosses  to  the  1.  bank,  and  enters 
the  valley  proper  of  Chamonix. 

£The  old  road  commands  more  pic- 
turesque views,  and  is  strongly  recom- 
mended to  all  travellers  who  are  not 
in  a  great  hurry  to  reach  Chamonix. 
From  Sallanches  it  crosses  the  bridge 
to  St.  Martin,  and  thenceforth  fol- 
lows the  r.  bank  of  the  Arve  to 
the  Pont  Pelissier,  which  it  crosses  to 
join  the  more  modern  road.  It 
passes  underneath  Passy,  above  which 
on  the  N.  is  a  great  terrace  of  pasture, 
commanding  noble  views  of  Mont 
Blanc.  The  Arve  is  retained  within 
its  bed  by  massive  embankments. 
The  road  begins  to  ascend  near 
Ckedde,  not  far  from  which  was  for- 
merly a  little  lake  celebrated  for  the 
reflections  of  the  snowy  peak  of  Mont 
Blanc  set  in  an  exquisite  framework 
of  rock  and  pine  forest,  but  it  was 
completely  choked  up  with  rocks  and 
debris  by  a  landslip  in  1837.  A  little 
further  the  road  crosses  the  Nant 
Noir,  a  torrent  that  borrows  its  name 
from  the  anthracitic  slates  through 
which  it  descends.  The  defile  opens 
a  little  at  the  village  of  Servoz 
(9    m.     from    Sallanches),  which 


lies  in  a  meadow  basin  at  the 
mouth  of  the  Diosaz  glen.  Here  are 
some  fine  gorges  now  made  accessible 
by  wooden  ladders,  and  a  favourite 
resort  of  tourists  from  Chamonix. 
(Through  this  glen  the  Buet  may  be 
reached  in  hrs.  (§  i7.Rte.E.  1).  For 
the  route  to  Sixt  by  the  Portettaz  or  the 
Col  du  Derochoir,  and  the  Col  d'An- 
terne,  see  §  17.  Rtes.  B  and  D.)  By 
the  bridge  over  the  Diosaz  is  a  monu- 
ment to  F.  A.  Eschen,  a  German 
translator  of  Horace,  who  perished  on 
the  Buet  in  1800.  To  the  geologist 
the  Diosaz  valley  is  interesting  from 
the  fossil  remains  which  abound  on 
its  N.  slopes.  Above  Servoz  (which 
is  7-J  m.  from  Chamonix)  the  gorge 
of  the  Arve  is  again  contracted,  and 
in  about  if  m.  the  road  passes  over 
the  Pont  Pelissier  to  join  the  new 
road  on  the  1.  bank,  described  above.  )J 
On  emerging  from  the  defile  of  the 
Arve  the  road  looks  along  the 
whole  length  of  the  valley  of 
Chamonix  to  the  Col  de  Balme, 
at  its  E.  extremity.  The  first  im- 
pression of  the  stranger  on  entering 
this  famous  valley  is  probably  that 
of  disappointment.  Its  direction, 
parallel  instead  of  perpendicular  to 
the  main  range,  leaves  no  striking 
object  to  close  the  vista,  and  the 
great  Aiguilles  which  enclose  the 
Mer  de  Glace,  and  which,  as  seen 
from  the  valley,  are  far  more  striking 
objects  than  the  summit  of  Mont 
Blanc,  are  better  viewed  some  miles 
farther  on  than  from  the  W.  end  of 
the  valley,  where  the  peak  of  Mont 
Blanc  also  is  concealed  behind  the 
huge  mass  of  the  Dome  du  Gouter. 
The  objects  which  chiefly  attract 
attention  are  the  great  glaciers 
descending  along  the  S«  side  of  the 
valley  through  each  of  the  openings 
that  give  access  to  the  upper  level 
where  the  snows  accumulate.  The 
two  nearest  comparatively  insignifi- 
cant glaciers  are  the  Gl.  de  la  Griaz 
and  the  Gl.  du  Bourgeat,  lying  on 
the  steep  N.  slope  of  the  Aiguille  du 
Gouter.  Beyond  these  is  the  Gl.  de 
Taconnaz,  divided  by  the  Montagne 


ROUTE  A.    GENEVA  TO  CHAMONIX 


337 


de  la  Cote  from  the  still  more 
imposing  GL  des  Bos  softs.  Farther 
off,  behind  the  village  of  Chamonix, 
is  the  GL  des  Bots,  but  the  great 
glaciers  of  Argentiere  and  Tour  are 
not  visible.  The  effect  is  most 
striking  to  one  who  arrives  late,  and 
has  the  good  fortune  to  see  the 
glaciers  partially  lighted  by  the  moon 
in  her  second  quarter.  By  daylight 
the  colour  of  the  ice  is  less  brilliantly 
white  than  is  commonly  expected, 
and  the  eye,  still  unused  to  the  grand 
scale  of  all  the  surrounding  objects, 
does  not  adequately  estimate  the 
dimensions  of  these  vast  streams  of  ice. 

From  the  bridge  over  the  Arve 
the  road  passes  by  the  hamlet  of 
La  Griaz  (the  old  road  passed  by 
Les  Houches,  on  the  way  to  passes 
leading  to  Contamines  and  St. 
Gervais,  Rte.  E).  (The  anthracite 
deposits  of  Les  Coupeaux  or  Le 
Couppoz,  on  the  opposite  bank  of 
the  Arve,  deserve  a  visit.)  It  then 
ascends  gently  along  the  bank  of  the 
Arve  during  the  4  miles  that  lead  to  the 
village.  About  half-way,  just  after 
passing  the  lower  end  of  the  Gl.  des 
Bossons,  the  road  crosses  back  to  the 
r.  bank  of  the  Arve,  and  the  great 
Aiguilles  surrounding  the  Mer  de 
Glace  come  into  view  as  the  traveller 
approaches  (54J  m.  from  Geneva) 

Chamonix  (1,041  m.,  3,416  ft.), 
which,  as  is  usual  in  the  Alps  in  the 
case  of  the  chief  village,  bears  the 
name  of  the  valley,  but  is  locally 
distinguished  as  Le  Prieure,  from  the 
old  monastery  formerly  existing  here. 
It  is  a  large  village,  now  nearly  a 
town,  subsisting  by  the  great  influx  of 
strangers  who  come  either  to  enjoy 
grand  scenery  or  to  follow  a  prevail- 
ing fashion.  When  the  railway  is 
completed  from  Le  Fayet,  and  still 
more  when  that  from  Vernayaz  is 
built,  it  will  be  even  more  overrun 
with  tourists  than  at  present.  Moun- 
taineers making  any  stay  in  this 
neighbourhood  generally  prefer  to  take 
up  their  quarters  at  the  Montenvers 
Hotel,  2  hrs.  above  the  village  (see 
below,  Excursion  2).  Besides  the 
I. 


usual  kind  of  shops  to  be  found  in 
tourist  centres,  there  are  only  two 
things  that  will  arrest  the  attention. 
One  is  the  lately-erected  statue  of 
Saussure  and  Jacques  Balmat.  It 
stands  on  the  square  on  the  1.  bank 
of  the  Arve.  Near  the  English 
church  is  the  Gallery  of  Alpine 
pictures  by  M.  Gabriel  Loppe  :  it  is 
permanently  open,  and  the  views  of 
the  ice  regions  to  be  seen  there  are 
well  worth  a  visit. 

The  chief  summer  occupation  of 
the  men  in  the  valley  is  that  of  guide. 
With  very  few  exceptions,  how- 
ever, the  present  generation  of 
Chamonix  guides  is  far  below  the 
standard  set  before  them  by  their 
predecessors  30  years  ago.  This 
decline  in  reputation,  so  far  as  high 
mountaineering  is  concerned,  is  no 
doubt,  in  part,  due  to  the  absurd 
regulations  which  long  kept  back  the 
more  enterprising  men,  placing  them 
on  very  nearly  the  same  footing  with 
mule-leaders.  Certain  changes  were 
made  many  years  ago,  in  consequence 
of  representations  made  by  the 
Alpine  Club,  but  several  objectionable 
features  still  remained  in  the  rules. 
In  1892  the  State  withdrew  its 
sanction  from  the  Regulations,  the 
whole  matter  being  left  to  the  local 
authorities,  who  have  full  power  of 
licensing,  &c.  But  though  this 
alteration  produced  good  effects  at 
first,  we  are  informed  that  the  old 
regulations  are  being  revived,  and 
that  in  the  summer  of  1897  the  state 
of  things  was  very  much  as  before, 
barring  the  necessity  of  obtaining  the 
sanction  of  the  higher  authorities. 

Much  nonsense  has  been  written  as 
to  the  supposed  i  discovery '  of 
Chamonix  in  the  last  century.  But 
the  publication  of  M.  Bonnefoy's 
great  collection  of  mediaeval  docu- 
ments relating  to  the  valley  (Cham- 
bery,  2  vols.,  1879  and  1883), 
conveniently  summarised  in  M.  Andre 
Perrin's  History  of  the  valley 
(Chambery,  1887),  has  thrown  a  flood 
of  light  on  its  early  history,  while 
many  particulars  can  be  gleaned  from 

z 


338        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


other  sources.  We  first  hear  of  the 
valley  in  a  charter  of  1091  by  which 
Count  Aymo  of  the  Genevois  and  his 
son  Ceroid  granted  the  valley  (the 
limits  of  which  are  carefully  defined) 
to  the  great  Benedictine  monastery 
of  St.  Michel  de  la  Cluse,  near 
Turin.  There  is  nothing  in  this 
document  to  show  that  the  valley 
was  then  inhabited.  Most*  probably 
it  was  simply  a  mountain  pasturage, 
used  in  summer  only,  and  in  that  case 
this  gift  would  present  a  striking 
analogy  to  that  of  the  acquisition  (in 
999  from  the  archbishop  of  Milan) 
of  the  pasture  basin  of  Macugnaga 
by  the  Benedictines  of  Arona.  Pro- 
bably some  shepherds  permanently 
settled  in  the  valley  in  the  course  of 
the  twelfth  century.  For  in  1 202  the 
lord  of  Faucigny  and  in  1205  the 
count  of  the  Genevois  renewed  their 
promises  of  protection  ;  while  in  the 
former  document  we  hear  of  a  certain 
Aymo,  who  was  then  '  chaplain  '  of  1 
Chamonix,  and  of  Peter  '  Prior  of 
Megeve  ; '  in  the  latter  of  Peter,  who 
was  '  Prior  of  Megeve  and  of 
Chamonix;'  and  in  a  third  of  1224, 
of  Humbert,  '  Prior  of  Chamonix.' 
It  would  thus  appear  that  early  in  the 
thirteenth  century  a  Benedictine  \ 
priory  (dedicated  to  St.  Michel), 
dependent  on  St.  Michel  de  la  Cluse, 
was  established  in  the  valley.  It 
came  into  existence  later  than  the 
first  settlement  of  permanent  inhabit- 
ants, but,  though  never  large  (four 
monks  at  most,  including  the  cure 
of  Chamonix),  it  gradually  gained  all 
rights  in  the  valley,  and  limited  the 
old  chartered  liberties  of  the  inhabit- 
ants. Henceforward  the  history  of 
the  Priory  and  of  the  valley  are  one. 
In  1 519,  by  the  inexplicable  action  of 
the  last  Prior,  William  II.  de  la 
Ravoire  (for  his  family  then  held  all 
the  great  offices  in  the  valley),  the 
priory  was  annexed  to  the  collegiate 
church  of  Sallanches,  which  promised 
to  maintain  one  of  its  canons  as  its 
resident  representative  at  Chamonix. 
This  transfer  was  made  without  the 
consent  of  the  abbat  of  St.  Michel  de 


la  Cluse,  which  was  only  given  in 
1 522.  It  is  interesting  to  note  that 
the  nave  and  the  bell  tower  of  the 
parish  church  were  always  the 
property  of  the  men  of  Chamonix, 
the  Priory,  later  the  Chapter,  owning 
the  choir  only.  This  shows  that  there 
was  a  church  there  before  the  founda- 
tion of  the  Priory,  at  which  date  it 
was  probably  rebuilt,  the  date  11 19 
having  been  found  in  1864  on  a  stone 
when  the  portico  was  reconstructed. 
The  buildings  of  the  Priory  (close  to 
the  existing  church)  were  destroyed 
by  fire  in  1758,  and  in  1786  the  men 
of  the  valley  bought  their  freedom 
from  all  feudal  dues  owed  to  the 
Chapter,  the  connection  with  St. 
Michel  de  la  Cluse  then  disappearing 
entirely.  In  1793  tne  landed  pro- 
perty of  the  Chapter  in  the  valley 
came  into  the  possession  of  the  '  com- 
mune,' the  first  mention  of  which 
occurs  in  1264.  It  is  a  typical 
history  of  a  mountain  village, 
resembling  that  of  Grindelwald  (de- 
pendent on  the  monastery  of  Inter: 
laken),  but  differing  from  the  history 
of  the  '  free  community  '  of  Zermatt. 

Of  course  it  had  relations  with  the 
outer  world.  In  the  Priory  accounts 
for  1399  are  all  the  details  of  the 
expenses  of  a  journey  of  two  men 
and  two  horses  to  Geneva  and  back. 
The  valley  was  visited  by  its  diocesan, 
the  bishop  of  Geneva,  in  141 1,  1443. 
1471,  14S1,  and  1517  ;  the  Refor- 
mation compelled  the  bishops  of 
Geneva  to  take  up  their  residence  at 
Annecy  (only  erected  into  a  see  in 
1822),  and  it  was  thence  that  in  1606 
St.  Francois  de  Sales,  e  Bishop  and 
Prince  of  Geneva,'  came  to  Chamonix, 
and  officiated  in  the  church,  rebuilt 
in  1602.  In  1530  the  right  of  hold- 
ing two  fairs  a  year  was  granted  by 
the  then  count  of  the  Genevois  and 
lord  of  Faucigny,  Philip  of  Savoy- 
Nemours,  a  cadet  branch  of  the  ducal 
House  of  Savoy,  and  thither  came 
many  foreign  merchants,  while  from 
1533  the  inhabitants  had  the  privilege 
of  holding  a  market  every  Thursday. 
The     civil    officials   too    came  to 


ROUTE  A.    GENEVA  TO  CHAMONIX  339 


Chamonix  (e.g.  in  1700)  to  collect 
dues  and  taxes,  so  that  it  is  clear  that 
long  before  the  arrival  of  tourists  the 
valley  had  its  own  independent  life, 
and  was  well  known  outside,  though 
it  is  probable  that  the  removal  of  the 
bishops  of  Geneva  to  Annecy  about 
1535  broke  its  immediate  link  with 
Geneva,  where  memories  of  it 
became  dim. 

The  first  recorded  tourist  (in 
any  sense  of  the  word)  found  his 
way  hither  in  1669.  This  was 
M.  Le  Pays,  a  high  financial  official 
in  Dauphine,  and  a  well  -  known 
person  in  the  salons  of  Paris  (probably 
sent  on  a  mission  of  enquiry  by  the 
duke  of  Savoy).  His  letter  from 
Chamonix,  describing  the  horrors  of 
the  place  and  its  surroundings,  is, 
therefore,  a  document  of  great  his- 
torical interest.  Other  travellers,  for 
the  sake  of  their  pleasure,  are  known 
to  have  followed  him,  but  it  was  in 
1 741  that  the  valley  was  visited  by  a 
traveller  who  first  gave  (1744)  a 
detailed  account  of  his  experiences, 
though  he  mentions  that  others  had 
been  thither  before  him.  This  was 
William  Windham,  a  young  English- 
man of  about  22  years  of  age,  who  with 
his  tutor,  Dr.  Pococke,  the  Orientalist, 
Lord  Haddington,  and  five  other 
English  friends  came  to  Chamonix. 
Their  description  of  the  horrors  of 
the  way  and  wonders  seen  there  is 
most  vivid.  They  made  an  excur- 
sion to  the  Montenvers  and  Mer  de 
Glace  only,  but  legend  has  it  (con- 
tradicting recorded  facts)  that  they 
slept  near  the  ice  under  the  so-called 
4  Pierre  des  Anglais,'  which  was  later 
split  by  a  shepherd's  fire,  and 
replaced  by  one  (still  in  existence 
and  in  situ  :  see  Excursion  2.  below) 
with  the  inscription,  6  Pococke  et 
Windham.'  This  expedition  drew 
attention  to  the  ice  fields  near 
Chamonix,  so  that  in  1742  Pierre 
Martel  and  four  other  Genevese 
went  to  see  them,  and  they  also 
set  down  their  impressions.  Saus- 
sure's  first  visit  was  in  1760,  and  the 
first  French  traveller  to  describe  his 


experiences  of  his  journey  to  Chamonix 
was  the  Due  de  la  Rochefoucauld 
d'Enville  in  1762.  A  few  years  later 
(certainly  by  1769)  Bourrit  appeared 
on  the  scene,  and  the  modern  invasion 
had  begun. 

The  origin  of  the  name  of  Chamonix 
is  undoubtedly  the  Latin  *  campus 
munitus,'  under  which  it  appears  from 
1 09 1  onwards.  According  to  M. 
Perrin,  the  vernacular  forms  of  the 
name  most  frequently  met  with  in 
mediaeval  documents  are  '  Chamoni,' 
4  Chamony,'  and  '  Chamounis, '  the  two 
earliest  being  <  Chammonis  '  (1229) 
and  4  Chamonix  '  (1236),  so  that  the 
current  and  official  form  seems  to  have 
greater  authority  than  the  '  Chamouni ' 
used  in  previous  editions  of  this  work. 
The  name  is  obviously  taken  from 
the  level  valley  or  '  campus, '  fenced 
or  shut  in,  'munitus,'  by  the  great 
mountain  wall  on  all  sides.  Another 
Chamonix,  the  position  of  which 
explains  this  rather  fanciful  name, 
has  been  mentioned  above,  near 
Magland. 

In  the  neighbourhood  of  Chamonix 
the  botanist  may  gather  most  of  the 
characteristic  species  of  the  Alpine 
region  that  grow  on  the  detritus  of 
granite  rock,  but  the  flora  is  much 
less  rich  than  in  the  valleys  of  Monte 
Rosa,  where  the  rocks  vary  more  in 
mineral  composition.  M.  Venance 
Payot,  of  Chamonix,  is  well  ac- 
quainted with  the  local  flora,  and 
has  a  fair  knowledge  of  the  geology 
of  this  district. 

The  Excursions  to  be  made  from 
Chamonix  are  very  numerous,  vary- 
ing with  the  tastes  and  physical 
strength  of  visitors ;  but  they  fall 
into  two  principal  divisions,  accord- 
ing as  the  object  is  to  approach  the 
great  glaciers  and  peaks  of  the 
central  range  (1-8,  below),  or  to 
seek  a  more  general  view  from  some 
point  in  the  range,  commonly  called 
the  Aiguilles  Rouges,  on  the  N.  side 
of  the  valley  (9-11,  below). 

The  chief  object  of  the  first  class 
of  excursions  is  the  Mer  de  Glace. 
As  has  been  said  in  the  Introduction 
z  2 


PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


to  this  Section,  the  mass  of  Mont 
Blanc  may  be  considered  to  consist 
of  two  parallel  ridges,  of  which  the 
•northern  is  broken  by  several  wide 
.gaps,  through  which  the  snows, 
accumulated  in  the  valley  between 
the  two  ridges,  are  drained  by  means 
of  great  glaciers  that  descend  towards 
the  valley  of  Chamonix.  The  Glacier 
des  Bois,  called  in  its  mid  region  the 
Mer  de  Glace,  is  the  most  important 
of  these  ^glaciers,  by  reason  of  the 
=area  which  it  drains.  Without  speak- 
ing of  minor  tributaries,  it  receives 
the  outflow  of  three  great  reservoirs. 
The  most  considerable  of  these  is 
the  GL  du  Geant,  or  da  Tacul, 
which  descends  on  the  E.  side  of  the 
central  mass  of  Mont  Blanc,  between 
a  double  range  of  Aiguilles.  In  the 
opposite  direction  a  reservoir  lying 
between  the  Aiguille  Verte  and  the 
Aiguille  de  Talefre  pours  down  to 
the  W.  an  ice  stream  called  the 
GL  de  Talefre,  and  before  reach- 
ing the  N.  foot  of  the  Aiguille  du  Tacul 
receives  from  the  S.  the  GL  de 
Leschaux.  (The  central  point  where 
these  three  ice  streams  meet,  opposite 
the  Aiguille  du  Tacul,  bears  the  same 
relation  to  the  adjoining  ridges  as 
Entreves,  at  the  meeting  of  the  Allee 
Blanche  and  the  Italian  Val  Ferret, 
near  Courmayeur. )  Here  the  drainage 
of  the  whole  basin  is  carried  off  to 
the  N.  in  a  broad  channel,  which 
henceforward  bears  the  name  of  4  Mer 
de  Glace  '  till  about  4  m.  lower  down 
it  falls  over  steep  rocks  in  an  ice 
cataract  towards  the  level  of  the 
valley,  where  it  comes  to  an  end, 
about  3  m.  from  the  village  of 
Chamonix. 

1 .  Source  of  the  Arveyron.  — Those 
who  have  2  or  3  hrs.  to  spare,  especi- 
ally if  they  have  not  previously  seen 
the  end  of  a  great  glacier,  do  well  to 
visit  the  spot  where  the  Arveyron, 
one  of  the  sources  of  the  Arve,  issues 
from  the  extremity  of  the  Gl.  des 
Bois.  This  is  about  3  m.  from 
Chamonix,  and  is  approached  by  a 
carriage  road  which  passes  by  the 
hamlets  of  Les  Praz  and  Les  Bois. 


(For  pedestrians  there  is  a  charming 
path  through  the  woods,  on  the  1. 
bank  of  the  Arve. )  Shortly  before 
reaching  the  Source  the  great  moraine, 
now  overgrown  with  pine,  trees,  on 
the  r.  bank  of  the  Gl.  des  Bois, 
deserves  examination,  the  Aiguille  du 
Dm,  seen  towering  above,  being  a 
magnificent  object.  As  explained  in 
the  General  Introduction  (article  on 
Glaciers),  the  form  and  position  of 
the  lower  ends  of  glaciers  are  subject 
to  continual  change.  In  this  case 
the  stream  formerly  issued  from  a 
cavern  in  the  ice,  of  variable  depth, 
and  from  30  to  40  ft.  in  height,  whose 
strange  aspect  and  exquisite  colour 
often  tempted  strangers  to  penetrate 
some  distance  into  it,  notwithstanding 
that  several  fatal  accidents  have 
happened  in  consequence  of  the 
sudden  fall  of  blocks  of  ice  from  the 
roof.  Of  late  years,  since  the  retreat 
of  the  glacier,  the  stream  has  com- 
monly escaped  from  beneath  the  ice 
at  a  considerable  height  above  the 
end  of  the  glacier,  forming  a  water- 
fall visible  from  Chamonix.  This 
excursion  is,  therefore,  not  now  as 
attractive  as  formerly,  but  may  be 
easily  combined  with  that  to  the 
Montenvers,  or  on  the  return  from 
I   the  Chapeau,  or  the  Flegere. 

2.  The  Montenvers. — The  rocks 
near  the  ice   cataract   of  the  Gl. 
I   des  Bois  being  very  steep,  the  most 
convenient  way  of  reaching  the  middle 
j   region  of  that  glacier  is  to  mount  from 
Chamonix  by  a  good  mule  path  ( railway 
j   projected),  winding  in  an  E.  direc- 
\   tion  up  the  S.  slope  of  the  valley 
j   towards  a  promontory  extending  from 
I   the  base  of  the  Aiguilles  des  Charmoz, 
which  form  the  W.   barrier  of  the 
Mer  de  Glace.    After  crossing  some 
1   meadows  the  path  ascends  through 
a  forest,  and  if  the  visitor  has  no 
intention  of  going  beyond  the  Mont- 
envers Hotel   a  guide  is  quite  un- 
necessary.   Mules  take   2\  hrs.  in 
the  ascent — 2  hrs.  more  than  suffice 
for  a  good  walker.    About  half-way 
the  tracks  of  avalanches,  which  have 
destroyed  much  of  the  forest,  are 


ROUTE  A.    EXCURSIONS  FROM  CHAMONIX  341 


frequently  passed ;  but  nervous  per- 
sons may  feel  assured  that  in  the 
tourist  season  there  is  no  danger 
from  that  quarter.  Towards  the  end 
of  the  forest  the  Aiguille  du  Dru 
becomes  a  more  and  more  impressive 
object,  but  no  other  conspicuous  peak 
is  seen  until  the  terrace  before  the 
Hotel  is  reached.  Then,  losing 
sight  of  the  main  valley  below,  the 
traveller  suddenly  gains  that  won- 
derful view  which  suffices  to  annually 
attract  and  reward  thousands  of 
visitors  from  every  part  of  the  world. 
No  amount  of  familiarity,  nor  even 
the  rivalry  of  scenes,  less  accessible 
and  not  less  grand,  can  much  lessen 
the  impression  which  this  makes 
upon  all  true  lovers  of  nature.  The 
first  object  that  attracts  attention  is 
the  Mer  de  Glace,  so  often  described 
in  vain,  for  description  gives  no  real 
image  of  the  reality.  Of  the  magnifi- 
cent group  of  Aiguilles  that  rise  on 
the  opposite  bank,  the  Dru  (latest 
measurement  3,755  m.,  12,320  ft., 
highest  point,  or  Grand  Dru ;  3,732  m. , 
12,245  ft.,  Petit  Dru),  pre-eminent 
for  boldness  of  form,  almost  conceals 
the  much  higher  peak  of  the  Aiguille 
Verte  (4,127  m.,  13,541  ft.),  which 
lies  behind  it.  To  the  r.  is  the 
Aiguille  du  Moine  (3,413  m. , 
11,198  ft.),  appearing  behind  the 
shattered  ridge  which  descends  W. 
from  the  Petit  Dru.  At  the  end  of 
the  vista,  at  least  twice  as  distant  as 
the  Moine,  the  eye  rests  upon  the 
Grandes  Jorasses  (4,205  m.,  13,797 
ft.),  one  of  the  giants  of  the  S. 
ridge  of  the  Mont  Blanc  range, 
rising  at  the  farther  end  of  the 
Leschaux  glacier.  This  glacier  is 
bounded  to  the  W.  by  a  ridge  pro- 
jecting towards  the  spectator,  whose 
highest  and  most  distant  peak  is  the 
Mont  Mallet  (3,988  m.,  13,085  ft.), 
while  its  N.  extremity  is  the  Aiguille 
du  Tacul  (3,438  m.,  11,280  ft.) 
Farther  to  the  r.  is  the  Aiguille 
du  Giant  (4,014  m.,  13,170  ft.), 
and  then  the  nearer  mass  of  the 
Aiguilles  des  Charmoz  (3,442  in., 
1 1 , 293  ft. )  and  de  Blaitiere  ( 3, 520  m. , 


11,549  ft.)  closes  the  view  on  that 
side.  The  old  Pavilion  on  the  Mont- 
envers  was  replaced,  in  1879,  by  a 
substantial  and  comfortable  stone 
Hotel  (1,910  m.,  6,267  ft.),  capable, 
of  accommodating  forty  or  fifty  per- 
sons. The  large  dining-room  is  gene- 
rally filled  to  overflowing,  in  the  day 
time,  by  numbers  of  visitors  from 
Chamonix,  who  are  able  to  purchase, 
a  souvenir  of  their  excursion  at  the 
4  Bazar '  before  continuing  their  jour- 
ney. Most  travellers  descend  from 
the  Hotel  to  the  glacier,  and  go  some: 
short  distance  upon  the  surface  of  the 
ice.  It  is  usual  to  sleep  here  before 
visiting  the  Jardin  (5.  below)  or 
crossing  the  Col  du  Geant,  while  the 
Hotel  is  the  natural  headquarters  of 
the  mountaineer  bent  on  exploring 
the  peaks  and  passes  round  the  basin 
of  the  Mer  de  Glace  (Rjtes.  C  and  D). 

The  traveller  who  takes  an  interest 
in  the  history  of  the  theories  as  to 
glaciers  will  recollect  that  he  here 
stands  upon  classic  ground,  and  that 
much  of  our  present  .knowledge  of 
the  laws  and  causes  of  glacier  motion  is 
due  to  the  observations  made  on  the 
Mer  de  Glace  by  our  eminent  country- 
men Principal  Forbes,  and  Professor 
Tyndall. 

The  favourite  way-  back  to  Cha- 
monix is  to  cross  the  Mer  de  Glace, 
and  then  go  by  the  Mauvais  Pas  to 
the  Chapeau  (ij  hr. )  (next  Excur- 
sion). But  those  who  for  any  reason 
do  not  select  this  route  are  strongly 
recommended,  before  returning  to 
Chamonix,  to.  descend  on  to  the  ice, 
so  as  to  obtain  a  nearer  view  of  the 
glacier  and  its  crevasses.  Guides  for 
this  purpose  can  generally  be  found 
at  the  Hotel,  and,  unless  accustomed 
to  glacier-walking,  the  traveller  will 
do  well  to  secure  one.  Close  to  the 
path  which  descends  to  the  glacier 
lies  a  large  flat  rock,  between  the 
moraine  and  the  mountain-side,  on 
which  the  names  of  Windham  and 
Pococke  have  been  cut  in  memory  of 
their  famous  visit  in  1 741,  noticed  in 
the  historical  sketch  given  above. 

3.  The  Chapeau,  and  the  Mauvais 


342        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


Pas. — The  steepness  of  the  rocks  on 
the  W.  or  Montenvers  side  of  the 
ice  cascade  of  the  Gl.  des  Bois  makes 
it  impossible  to  approach  very  near  it 
on  that  side.  The  opposite  bank  of 
the  glacier,  although  steep,  is  tra- 
versed by  a  path  which  leads  round 
the  base  of  the  Aiguille  a  Bochard, 
and  it  is  thus  easy  to  see  close  at 
hand  the  towers  and  pinnacles  of  ice 
formed  by  the  action  of  the  sun, 
where  the  glacier  is  riven  into  deep 
and  frequent  crevasses.  To  complete 
the  impression  of  a  glacier  gained  by 
a  visit  to  the  Mer  de  Glace,  it  is 
necessary  to  see  near  at  hand  its 
utterly  different  aspect  in  the  wild 
confusion  of  the  icefall.  To  reach 
the  Chapeau  from  Chamonix  it  is 
necessary  to  follow  the  high  road 
towards  Argentiere  for  3  m. ,  as  far  as 
the  hamlet  of  Les  Tines,  from  which 
the  foot  path  (mules  go  on  to 
Lavancher,  and  mount  thence)  turns 
up  to  the  r. ,  and  approaches  the  r. 
bank  of  the  glacier.  The  two  paths 
join  above,  but  the  mules  must  be 
left  before  a  short  and  steep  ascent, 
leading  in  about  hr.  more  to  a 
cavern  or  recess  in  the  face  of  the 
rocks,  perhaps  a  finer  view  than  the 
Chapeau.  The  Chapeau  (2  hrs.  from 
Chamonix)  is,  properly  speaking,  the 
name  of  a  grassy  knoll  above  the 
cavern.  About  100  yards  further  is 
the  usual  Chalet  Restaurant,  and 
Bazar.  The  Chapeau  (1,609  m«> 
5,279  ft.)  is  considerably  lower  than 
the  Montenvers,  and  the  view  of  the 
Mer  de  Glace  is  not  nearly  so  com- 
plete, though  the  Aiguilles  des 
Charmoz,  de  Blaitiere,  du  Plan,  and 
du  Midi,  seen  on  the  opposite  side  of 
the  glacier,  and  backed  by  the  still 
mightier  central  mass  of  Mont  Blanc, 
form  the  materials  of  a  grand  picture. 
The  special  object  of  attraction  is, 
however,  the  icefall  of  the  glacier, 
which  lies  immediately  below  the 
spectator.  The  effect  of  the  fantastic 
forms  assumed  by  the  ice  is  often 
increased  in  a  startling  manner  by 
the  fall  of  some  huge  mass,  weighing 
many   tons.     The   path   from  the 


Chapeau  round  the  base  of  the 
Aiguille  a  Bochard  passes  by  a  rough 
staircase  along  a  face  of  rock,  which 
formerly  deserved  the  name  '  Mauvais 
Pas.'  But  it  has  been  so  much  im- 
proved, and  made  so  secure  by  an 
iron  balustrade,  that  travellers  pass 
without  difficulty.  About  I  hr.  above 
the  Chapeau  the  traveller  reaches  the 
point  from  which  he  may  cross  the 
Mer  de  Glace  in  J-f  hr.  to  the  Mont- 
envers. (It  is  a  better  arrangement 
to  visit  the  Montenvers  first,  and 
then  cross  to  the  Chapeau,  so  as  to 
descend,  instead  of  ascending,  the 
steep  path  on  the  E.  bank  of  the 
glacier. )  As  the  Mauvais  Pas  is  not 
practicable  for  cattle  it  is  necessary 
to  drive  across  the  ice  the  cows  that 
are  sent  each  summer  to  feed  on  the 
Alpine  pastures  at  the  base  of  the 
Aiguille  du  Dru.  This  is  a  curious 
operation,  and  well  worth  seeing.  A 
large  number  of  men,  boys,  and  girls 
are  employed,  carrying  axes  to  level 
the  ice,  planks  to  bridge  over  cre- 
vasses, and  ropes  to  keep  the  cattle 
from  slipping  into  them,  or  to  rescue 
them  if  they  do  fall  in. 

4.  The  Col  and  Aiguille  des  Grands 
Montets. — A  more  serious  under- 
taking than  the  excursion  to  the 
Chapeau  and  Mauvais  Pas  is  the 
passage  of  this  Col,  combined  with 
the  ascent  of  the  peak  just  N.  of  it. 
This  walk  should  not  be  undertaken 
by  ordinary  travellers  without  a  guide. 
The  pass  leads  from  the  Mer  de 
Glace  to  the  Argentiere  glacier,  and 
lies  N.  of  the  great  N.  spur  of  the 
Aiguille  Verte,  and  S.  of  the  Aiguille 
des  Grands  Montets.  There  are  few 
passes  of  the  same  ease  and  shortness 
which  can  rival  this  for  mountain 
scenery,  and,  whichever  way  it  is 
taken,  the  views  are  as  fine  as  they 
can  possibly  be.  (It  is,  perhaps, 
more  convenient  to  cross  it  from  W. 
to  E.,  as  in  that  way,  if  the  Monten- 
vers be  left  at  5  a.m.,  the  summit  of 
the  pass  may  be  reached  before  the 
san  has  risen  above  the  ridge  to  be 
crossed,  while  the  return  from  Lognan 
in  the  afternoon  through  the  woods 


ROUTE  A.    EXCURSIONS  FROM  CHAMONIX  343 


is  a  delightful  ending  to  an  expedition 
which  is  one  series  of  beautiful  pictures. ) 
Starting  from  the  Montenvers,  the  Mer 
de  Glace  is  crossed  to  its  r.  bank  by 
the  ordinary  route  to  the  Chapeau, 
and  a  small  path  at  once  leads  up  the 
hill-side  past  the  foot  of  the  Nant  Blanc 
glacier.  A  short  climb  up  an  easy 
rock  wall  then  leads  to  the  Grands 
Montets  glacier  (wrongly  called  Pen- 
dant glacier  on  Mieulet's  map),  the 
top  of  the  pass  (3,241  m.,  10,634  ft.) 
being  gained  in  about  4  hrs.  from  the 
Montenvers.  The  views  from  the 
pass  are  all  magnificent,  and  it  is 
hard  to  say  whether  Mont  Blanc  and 
the  Chamonix  Aiguilles  on  the  W., 
the  Dru  and  the  Verte  immediately 
on  the  S.,  or  the  peaks  surrounding 
the  Argentiere  glacier  on  the  E. 
form  the  most  attractive  picture.  A 
scramble  of  \  hr.  up  an  easy  rock 
ridge  on  the  N.  to  the  summit  of  j 
the  Aiguille  des  Grands  Montets 
(3,300  m.,  10,827  ft.)  is  strongly  re- 
commended by  Mr.  Adams- Reilly, 
whose  opinion  deserves  the  utmost 
weight.  A  descent  of  \\  hr.  down 
the  upper  or  lower  slopes  on  the  1. 
side  of  the  Argentiere  glacier  leads  to 
the  little  Lognan  inn,  on  the  L 
bank  of  that  glacier.  Hence  the 
traveller  may  go  direct  down  to 
Argentiere  ( 1  hr. ),  or  take  a  more 
agreeable  path  through  the  woods  to 
the  Pendant  huts,  whence  the  main 
valley  may  be  reached,  or  the  Cha- 
peau, if  it  is  desired  to  return  to  the 
Montenvers. 

5.  The  Jardin. — This  expedition 
is  less  serious  than  that  last  described, 
and  is  quite  practicable  (if  starting 
from  the  Montenvers)  for  ladies  who 
are  good  walkers,  as  in  fine  weather 
it  is  free  from  the  slightest  risk, 
though  a  guide  is  indispensable  to 
those  not  already  well  acquainted 
with  the  glaciers  or  unused  to  glacier- 
walking  in  general.  It  is  strongly 
recommended  as  one  of  the  most  in- 
teresting of  the  moderately  easy  glacier 
excursions  to  be  made  in  this  neigh- 
bourhood. An  active  pedestrian  may 
make   the    whole   expedition  from 


Chamonix  and  back  in  9  or  10  hrs., 
without  reckoning  halts.  But,  as  the 
distance  is  considerable,  and  the 
objects  of  interest  very  numerous,  it 
is  a  good  plan,  even  for  those  who  do 
not  fear  fatigue,  to  sleep  at  the 
Montenvers  Hotel,  thus  leaving 
plenty  of  time  to  make  the  expedition 
leisurely,  and  to  explore  some  of  the 
upper  recesses  of  the  Mer  de  Glace. 

It  has  been  already  said  that  the  E.  - 
most  of  the  three  glacier  streams  which 
form  the  Mer  de  Glace  is  the  Talefre 
glacier,  originating  in  a  great  reser- 
voir of  neve  surrounded  by  the 
Aiguilles  Verte,  de  Triolet,  and  de 
Talefre.  In  the  midst  of  this  neve 
basin  rises  a  mass  of  rock,  clear  of 
snow  in  fine  weather,  which  is  nearly 
a  mile  in  length  by  300  or  400  yards 
in  breadth,  and  whereon  grow  many 
species  of  flowering  plants.  This 
spot  received,  in  the  local  patois,  the 
name  of  Courtil,  which  has  been 
supplanted  by  the  French  equivalent, 
Jardin.  Those  familiar  with  the 
higher  regions  of  the  Alps  know  that 
there  is  nothing  unusual  in  the 
existence  of  an  island  of  rock  in  the 
midst  of  fields  of  neve,  nor  in  the 
presence  of  Alpine  flowers  on  such 
islands,  even  above  the  height  of 
10,000  ft.  ;  but,  apart  from  any 
fancied  interest  attaching  to  a  garden 
in  the  midst  of  eternal  snows,  the 
position  of  the  Jardin  fully  justifies 
the  reputation  it  has  acquired  as  one 
of  the  most  interesting  spots  within 
reach  of  Chamonix. 

From  the  Montenvers  the  path  is 
carried  above  the  1.  bank  of  the 
Mer  de  Glace,  and  the  first  'diffi- 
culty '  (one  only  to  the  veriest  be- 
ginners in  mountain -walking)  is  at  a 
place  called  6  Les  Ponts,'  where  steps 
have  been  cut  in  the  face  of  some 
steep  rocks  to  make  the  way  easier. 
About  J  hr.  from  the  Hotel  the 
traveller  descends  by  the  moraine 
on  to  the  glacier  itself,  and,  keeping 
at  first  near  its  edge,  reaches  a  point 
nearly  opposite  Trelaporte^  before 
crossing  the  ice  diagonally  towards 
the  slopes  of  the  Aiguille  du  Moine. 


344        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


The  *  Grand  Moulin,'  a  curious 
glacier  phenomenon,  well  worth  a 
close  inspection,  is  soon  passed, 
and,  continuing  across  two  medial 
moraines,  the  junction  of  the 
Leschaux  and  Geant  glaciers  is 
attained.  Pausing  here  the  traveller 
finds,  on  turning  round,  that  he  has 
reached  a  point  opposite  the  icefall 
of  the  Geant  glacier,  descending  from 
the  great  central  valley  of  the  Mont 
Blanc  range.  The  highest  peak  of 
that  mountain,  and  the  adjoining 
mass  of  the  Mont  Blanc  du  Tacul, 
are  often  in  view  during  the  remainder 
of  the  excursion.  Advancing  along 
the  Leschaux  glacier,  it  is  seen  that 
this  glacier,  originating  at  the  N. 
base  of  the  Grandes  Jorasses  and  its 
neighbours,  is  greatly  augmented 
by  the  Talefre  glacier,  issuing  from 
a  narrow  opening  on  the  E. ,  and 
forming  a  magnificent  ice  cataract 
before  reaching  the  level  of  the 
Leschaux  glacier.  To  gain  the 
upper  level  of  the  Talefre  glacier, 
which  is  the  object  of  this  excursion, 
there  are  two  routes.  The  old  route 
mounted  the  rocks  ('Les  Egralets') 
of  the  Couvercle  on  the  N.  side  of  the 
Talefre  glacier,  at  the  base  of  the 
Aiguille  du  Moine,  and  then  followed 
an  easy  path  along  the  base  of  that 
peak  till  the  W.  arm  of  the  Talefre 
glacier  was  crossed,  opposite  the 
Jardin,  some  way  above  the  icefall. 
Though  iron  stanchions  have  been 
fixed  on  the  steepest  of  the  rocks 
ascended  by  this  route,  it  is  not  much 
used.  The  usual  route  has  been 
adopted  because  the  great  shrinkage 
of  the  glacier  has  made  the  Couvercle 
more  difficult  of  access  than  formerly. 
This  mounts  along  the  moraine  on 
the  opposite  (or  1.)  side  of  the 
Talefre  icefall.  At  a  spot  called  the 
*  Pierre  a  Beranger'  there  is  a  recently 
rebuilt  shelter  hut.  (These  two 
routes  can  be  easily  combined,  but 
the  ascent  by  the  Couvercle  rocks  is 
to  be  preferred  to  the  descent. ) 

The  ideas  excited  by  the  name 
Jardin  may  at  first  cause  some  dis- 
appointment.   It  is  in  fact  a  patch  of 


steep  rocks,  in  great  part  bare,  though 
here  and  there  Alpine  flowers  bloom 
luxuriantly  during  the  short  summer, 
often  not  more  than  six  weeks,  when 
the  surface  is  clear  of  snow  ;  the  sum- 
mit is  2,997  m.  (9,833  ft.)  high. 
What  is  really  impressive  here  is  the 
position  of  this  rock  in  the  midst  of  a 
world  that  has  so  little  in  common 
with  ordinary  experience.  The 
mountaineer  who  is  used  to  roam  in 
the  upper  regions  of  the  Alps  may 
often  find  himself  in  some  similar 
solitude,  entirely  cut  off  from  the 
lower  inhabited  world,  and  in  a  spot 
where  nothing  but  ice,  snow,  and 
rocks  meet  the  eye  ;  but  rarely  can  he 
see  these  strange  regions  on  so  great 
a  scale,  and  so  completely  isolated, 
as  here.  The  distance  in  a  direct 
line  to  the  summit  of  Mont  Blanc  is 
about  9  m.,  and  throughout  that  dis- 
tance, and  on  either  side,  there  is  no 
spot  that  exhibits  traces  of  life, 
animal  or  vegetable.  The  tokens  of 
destruction,  the  fall  of  rocks,  or  of 
blocks  of  ice,  or  the  gentler  murmur 
of  the  rivulets  that  flow  from  the 
melting  snow,  and  by  their  unceasing 
energy  complete  the  process  of  decay, 
are  the  only  witnesses  to  living  force 
in  this  wilderness. 

The  view  is  justly  celebrated  as  an 
almost  unrivalled  panorama  of  snowy 
peaks.  Immediately  surrounding  the 
Jardin  rise  the  Aiguille  du  Moine, 
the  Aiguille  Verte,  the  Droit  es,  the 
Courtes,  the  Aiguilles  de  Triolet  and 
de  Talefre,  which  form  an  amphi- 
theatre of  the  greatest  beauty.  Look- 
ing W.  the  whole  stretch  of  the 
Geant  glacier,  with  its  superb  icefall, 
flanked  on  the  N.  by  the  Chamonix 
Aiguilles,  and  on  the  S.  by  the 
Grandes  Jorasses,  the  Mont  Mallet, 
and  the  Aiguille  du  Geant,  while  the 
white  dome  of  Mont  Blanc  itself  fills 
up  the  distance,  is  as  much  to  be 
admired  as  the  wonderful  amphi- 
theatre close  at  hand.  The  excursion 
to  the  Jardin  is  neither  long  nor 
difficult,  and  probably  there  is  no 
other  spot  so  easy  of  access,  anywhere 
else  in  the  Alps,  which  affords  sucji  a 


ROUTE  A.    EXCURSIONS  FROM  CHAMONIX 


345 


glorious  panorama  of  mountains.  The 
ridge  N.E.  of  the  Jardin,  extending 
from  the  Aiguille  Verte  to  the  Aiguille 
de  Triolet,  one  of  the  massive  beams 
in  the  architecture  of  the  Mont  Blanc 
range,  is  a  favourite  resort  of  crystal- 
hunters. 

6.  7he  Aiguille  des  Petit  s  Char- 
moz. — This  peak  is  also  known  as  the 
Aiguille  de  PM,  on  account  of 
its  resemblance  to  the  letter  M. 
Saussure,  Bourrit,  and  many  subse- 
quent writers  have  referred  to  it  as 
the  Grepon,  a  name  now  given  to  a 
higher  peak  on  the  S.  (described  in 
Rte.  C.)  It  lies  just  N.  of  the 
Aiguille  des  Grands  Charmoz,  and 
the  gap  between  its  two  highest  points 
is  called  the  Col  de  la  Buche  (2,791 
m->  9jt57  ft-)  This  pass  may  be 
reached  from  the  Montenvers  on  the 
E.  in  2  or  3  hrs. ,  but  stones  often  fall 
in  the  couloir  leading  up  to  it,  so  that 
if  there  are  two  parties  they  should 
keep  close  together.  The  pass  can 
also  be  reached  from  the  W.  over  the 
tail  of  the  Nantillons  glacier,  and  this 
is  the  natural  route  if  the  start  be 
made  from  Chamonix.  Either  sum- 
mit affords  good  rock -scrambling,  and 
may  be  gained  in  about  -J  hr.  from 
the  Col.  The  highest  point  (2,868 
m.,  9,410  ft.)  is  that  to  the  S.  of  the 
pass,  the  other  is  2,836  m.  (9,305  ft.) 
Those  unused  to  climbing  should  not 
fail  to  take  a  guide  with  them. 

7.  Plan  de  V  Aiguille. — Five  sum- 
mits, all  visible  from  Chamonix,  over- 
look the  middle  portion  of  the  main 
valley,  and  separate  it  from  the  nearly 
parallel  snow  valley  of  the  Geant 
glacier.  These  are  par  excellence 
4  the  Chamonix  Aiguilles  '  (see  Rte. 
C),  and,  reckoning  from  E.  to  W.,  are 
as  follows  :  Aigtiille  des  Grands 
Charmoz  (3,442  m.,  11,293  ft*)j 
Aiguille  de  Grepon  (3,489  m.,  1 1,447 
ft.),  Aiguille  de  Blaitiere  (3,520  m. , 
11,549  ft.),  Aiguille  du  Plan  (3,673 
m.,  12,051  ft.),  and  Aiguille  du 
Midi  (3,843  m.,  12,609  ft-)  Three 
glaciers  descend  on  the  N.  side  of  this 
range — those  of  Nantillons,  Blaitiere, 
and  Pelerins.    An  interesting  excur- 


sion may  be  made  along  the  base  of 
these  Aiguilles,  either  traversing  the 
three  glaciers  or  passing  beneath 
them,  to  the  point  of  view  called  Plan 
de  1' Aiguille  (2, 282  m. ,  7,487  ft. )  This 
is  a  rocky  eminence  (with  an  Inn)  rising 
between  the  Blaitiere  and  the  Pelerins 
glaciers.  A  guide  is  desirable  for 
this  excursion,  which  may  very  con- 
veniently be  made  from  the  Mont- 
envers Hotel  in  about  3  hrs.  It  is 
occasionally  taken  as  a  second  day's 
walk  by  those  who  have  slept  at  the 
Hotel  after  visiting  the  Jardin.  The 
foot  of  the  first  giacier,  that  of  Nan- 
tillons, is  about  half-way.  It  is,  per- 
haps, pleasanter  to  traverse  the 
glaciers  themselves  than  to  pass  below 
them,  though  the  moraines  are  rather 
troublesome  to  surmount  in  succes- 
sion. A  mule  path  leads  from  the 
Plan  direct  to  Chamonix  in  \\  hr. 
It  is  possible  to  continue  W.  to  the 
Pierre  Pointue  inn  (Rte.  B.  1) — 1  hr. 
— or  even  to  the  Pierre  a  l'Echelle,  on 
the  way  to  the  Grands  Mulets  (Rte.  B), 
both  ways  of  lengthening  a  pleasant 
excursion  on  a  fine  day.  From  behind 
the  Pierre  Pointue  inn  a  walk  of 
20  min.  up  a  mule  path  suffices  to  gain 
the  summit  of  a  rocky  knoll,  the 
Aiguille  de  la  Tour  (2,306  m. ,  7,566 
ft. ),  whence  the  view  over  the  neigh- 
bouring glaciers  is  very  fine  indeed. 

8.  The  Glacier  des  Bossofis,  and 
the  Cascade  du  Dard. — The  Glacier 
des  Bossons,  which  descends  direct,  in 
one  stream,  without  medial  moraines, 
from  the  upper  part  of  Mont  Blanc 
itself  to  the  valley  of  Chamonix,  does 
not  drain  nearly  so  extensive  an  area 
as  the  Mer  de  Glace,  neither  does  it 
exhibit  so  fully  the  various  aspects  of 
glacier  existence.  It  is  necessarily 
traversed  by  those  who  go  from 
Chamonix  to  the  Grands  Mulets 
(Rte.  B),  but  its  lower  extremity, 
where  it  reaches  the  level  of  the 
valley,  is  often  made  the  object  of  a 
short  excursion  from  the  village,  and, 
taken  together  with  the  Cascade  du 
Dard,  suffices  for  a  pleasant  after- 
noon's stroll.  (Both  may,  by  a  slight 
detour,  be  taken  by  a  pedestrian  on 


346        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


his  way  from  the  W.  end  of  the  valley 
to  the  village. )  The  Bossons  glacier 
reaches  the  valley  about  2  m.  below 
Chamonix,  and  its  right  bank  may  be 
gained  by  road  (and  foot  path),  or  by  a 
path  along  the  S.  bank  of  the  Arve,  in 
I -J  hr.  The  ice  is  broken  up  into 
pinnacles  of  great  beauty,  often  more 
than  150  ft.  in  height.  They  are 
best  seen  on  the  W.  side  of  the 
glacier,  and  instead  of  returning  by 
the  same  way  it  is  easy  to  cross  the 
glacier  in  a  place  where  it  is  free 
from  crevasses  to  the  E.  bank,  where 
there  is  a  small  inn,  as  there  is  on 
the  other  bank. 

It  is  a  walk  of  but  \  hr.  from  the 
E.  bank  of  the  glacier  to  the  hamlet 
of  Les  Pelerins,  a  house  in  which 
was  the  birthplace  (1762)  of  Jacques 
Balmat,  the  discoverer  of  the  right 
way  up  Mont  Blanc,  and  now  has  a 
tablet,  with  an  inscription,  erected 
by  the  French  Alpine  Club.  A  little 
way  below  this  hamlet  was  the 
Cascade  des  Pelerins,  formerly  much 
visited  as  one  of  the  most  beautiful 
and  graceful  of  waterfalls.  The 
torrent,  descending  in  a  single  bound, 
struck  a  projecting  mass  of  rock  and 
sprang  out  anew  with  fresh  vigour,  in 
the  fashion  which  is  imitated  on  a 
petty  scale  by  some  artificial  fountains. 
The  fall  of  some  mass  from  above 
broke  the  projecting  rock  and  spoiled 
the  waterfall.  Within  a  few  hundred 
yards,  and  nearer  Chamonix,  is  the 
Cascade  dti  Dard,  very  picturesque, 
and  better  worth  seeing  than  the 
Pelerins  in  its  present  condition. 

We  now  notice  the  excursions  most 
frequently  made  on  the  N.  side  of 
the  Chamonix  valley,  opposite  Mont 
Blanc.  (For  the  Buet,  see  §  17. 
Rte.  E.) 

9.  The  Brevent.— The  S.W.  end 

of  the  range  commonly  called  the 
Aiguilles  Rouges  is  formed  by  the 
ridge  of  the  Brevent.  This  summit, 
rising  just  opposite  the  Glacier  des 
Bossons,  offers  the  very  finest  view 
of  the  N.  side  of  Mont  Blanc,  and  in 
favourable  weather  is  one  of  the  most 


interesting  excursions,  some  think 
the  most  interesting,  to  be  made 
from  Chamonix.  To  those  not  well 
used  to  mountain-walking  it  is  a 
somewhat  laborious  day's  work,  which 
may,  however,  be  lessened  by  taking 
a  mule  even  to  the  summit,  if  wished. 
Of  late  years  a  new  mule  path  has 
been  made,  passing  by  Plan  Lachat 
and  Plan  Bel  Achat,  2,154  m. , 
7,067  ft.  (2 J  hrs.),  on  the  S.W. 
side  of  the  summit.  At  Bel  Achat 
there  is  a  small  inn,  whence  a  mule 
path  leads  to  the  summit  in  about 
1  hr. 

The  more  direct  and  usual  route 
for  pedestrians,  however,  ascends  the 
hill-side  immediately  above  Chamonix 
and   passes   by   Planpraz  (3  hrs.), 
mules  going  as  far  as  the  foot  of  the 
chimney  described  below.  Persons 
used  to  finding  their  own  way  may 
go    without    a    guide.  Although 
rounded   at   the   top,  and  sloping 
gently  to  the  N.  and  N.W.,  the  side 
of  the  Brevent  facing  Chamonix  is 
an  almost  completely  vertical  preci- 
pice, and  the  most  direct  way  of 
reaching  the  summit  is  by  the  ridge 
on  the  E.    This  route — part  of  the 
main  way  from  Chamonix  to  Sixt  by 
the  Col  d'Anterne  (§  17.  Rte.  D)— 
mounts  the  steep  S.E.  slopes  of  the 
mountain  by  zigzags,  in  part  through 
forest,  at  intervals  over  open  spaces 
that  have  been  cleared  by  avalanches 
and  landslips.     After  reaching  the 
upper  limit  of  trees,  the  mule  path 
leads  (2  hrs.)  to  a  gently  sloping  green 
pasture,  called  Planpraz  (2,064  m-> 
6,772  ft.),  where   there  is   a  new 
mountain  inn.    (For  the  track  hence 
over  the  Col  du  Brevent  see  §  17. 
Rte.   D.)     This  spot  commands  a 
magnificent  view,  superior   to  that 
from   the   Flegere   and   not  much 
inferior   to   that   gained   from  the 
summit,  so  that  it  is  well  worth  a 
visit  by  those  who  are  unable  to  go 
further.    (There  is  an  up  and  down 
mule    path    leading   N.E.    to  the 
Flegere  inn  in  about  2  hrs.)  From 
Planpraz  the  mule  track  winds  round 
a  ridge  projecting  to  the  E.,  then 


ROUTE  A.    EXCURSIONS  FROM  CHAMONIX 


bends  W. ,  and  enters  a  stony  hollow 
which  leads  to  the  foot  of  a  steep 
chimney  in  a  wall  of  rock  about  50  ft. 
high.  Here  the  mule  path  ceases. 
The  chimney  (in  which  iron  stanchions 
are  now  fixed)  is  surmounted  by  a 
short  scramble  (there  is  a  roundabout 
way,  avoiding  this  climb  and  leading 
to  the  upper  end  of  the  chimney, 
which  takes  \  hr.  longer).  Thence 
a  gentle  ascent  of  10  min.  leads 
(I  hr.  from  Planpraz)  to  the  summit 
of  the  Brevent  (2,525  m.,  8,284  ft.), 
on  which  there  is  now  a  little  Inn. 

Amongst  the  numerous  objects  that 
attract  attention  the  peak  of  Mont 
Blanc  is  pre-eminent.  Those  who 
have  read  with  eager  interest  narra- 
tives of  the  ascent  from  Chamonix 
•are  anxious  to  follow,  as  they  can 
here  do,  the  whole  course  of  the 
ordinary  route  from  the  Pierre  a 
FEchelle  to  the  summit,  whether  by 
the  Corridor  or  by  the  Eosses  du 
Dromadaire,  as  well  as  the  St. 
Gervais  route  from  the  Aiguille  du 
Gouter  onwards.  After  satiating  the 
eye  with  the  contemplation  of  the 
snowy  range  opposite,  the  traveller 
should  not  omit  to  examine  the  re- 
mainder of  the  panorama.  The 
most  prominent  object  on  the  N.  is 
the  Buet,  a  flattened,  glacier-clad 
pyramid  ;  more  to  the  1. ,  looking 
across  the  deep  gorge  of  the  Diosaz, 
is  the  Col  d'Anterne,  leading  to  Sixt, 
followed  by  theTete  a  l'Ane(2,793  m. , 
9,164  ft.)  and  the  shattered  range  of 
the  Rochers  des  Fiz  (2,769  m., 
9,085  ft.),  the  whole  mass,  as  it  is 
in  truth,  a  gigantic  ruin  on  which  the 
short  period  of  human  history  has 
worked  notable  change  in  under- 
mining many  of  its  highest  towers 
and  battlements.  To  the  S.W., 
above  the  Beaufort  mountains,  a 
snowy  peak  is  seen  in  the  far  dis- 
tance, and,  comparatively  near  at 
hand,  the  Mont  Joly  (§  11.  Rte.  H),  a 
rival  of  the  Brevent,  rises  beyond  the 
Col  de  Voza. 

A  pedestrian  reaching  Chamonix 
from  Sixt  will  do  well  to  pass  the  Col 
d'Anterne  (§17.  Rte.  D),  then  mount 


to  the  top  of  the  Brevent,  and  de- 
scend thence  by  Planpraz  to  Chamo- 
nix, a  walk  of  some  9  hours.  It  is 
best  to  descend  to  Chamonix,  as  the 
view  of  Mont  Blanc  is  thus  before 
the  traveller's  eyes  throughout  the  de- 
scent, while  the  heat  of  the  sun,  often 
inconvenient  when  ascending  from 
Chamonix,  is  entirely  avoided.  If 
favoured  by  a  fine  afternoon  the 
traveller  may  enjoy  the  marvellous 
evening  view  of  Mont  Blanc  lit  up 
by  the  sun  in  the  western  sky ;  and 
if  he  should  have  the  further  good 
fortune  to  conclude  the  descent  by 
moonlight,  when  the  valley  of 
Chamonix  is  seen  to  its  fullest  per- 
fection, he  will  have  enjoyed  a  day 
which  cannot  be  easily  surpassed  for 
grandeur  and  variety.  (For  the 
various  passes  over  the  ridge  between 
the  Brevent  and  the  Belvedere,  see 
§  17.  Rte.  E.) 

10.  The  Flegere.. — This  is  a  very 
easy  excursion,  involving  an  ascent  of 
i\  hrs.  only  by  a  good  mule  path. 
A  guide  is  not  at  all  necessary.  From 
Chamonix  the  high  road  towards 
Argentiere  is  followed  for  25  min.  to 
the  hamlet  of  Les  Praz.  Here,  just 
opposite  the  end  of  the  Glacier  des 
Bois,  the  Arve  is  crossed  by  a  wooden 
bridge.  The  ascent  lies  at  first  up  a 
stony  zigzag  path,  and  then  amidst 
pine  trees,  to  an  open  pasture,  on 
which  are  the  Praz  huts  (if-if  hr. 
from  Chamonix),  where  is  a  house 
with  refreshments.  Thence  f  hr.'s 
walk,  for  the  most  part  through  a 
forest  composed  of  pine  and  larch, 
suffices  to  reach  the  Flegere  inn 
(1,806  m.,  5,925  ft.,  according  to 
Mieulet's  map,  a  height  which  is  esti- 
mated by  MM.  Vallot  to  be  about 
70  m. — 230  ft. — too  low).  This  inn 
has  some  beds,  and  is  a  convenient 
starting  point  for  the  exploration  of 
the  chain  on  the  N. ,  commonly  called 
the  Aiguilles  Rouges. 

The  Flegere  commands  a  general 
view  of  the  Mont  Blanc  range,  and  of 
the  entire  valley  of  Chamonix,  from 
the  Col  de  Balme  to  the  Col  de 
Voza.    As  it  is  exactly  opposite  the 


348        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


Mer  de  Glace,  the  cluster  of  pin- 
nacles, the  highest  summit  of  which 
is  the  Aiguille  Verte,  is  seen  to 
greater  perfection  than  from  any 
other  easily  accessible  spot  near  Cha- 
monix.  There  is  a  mule  path 
(branching  off  \  hr.  below  the  inn) 
which  leads  in  a  S.W.  direction,  by 
many  ups  and  downs,  to  the  Planpraz 
inn,  on  the  way  up  the  Brevent  (2 
hrs. ),  so  that  the  return  to  Chamonix 
may  be  made  by  that  way,  with  or 
without  the  further  climb  to  the 
top  of  the  Brevent. 

11.  The  Belvedere. — This  peak  is 
the  highest  in  the  range  between  the 
Arve  and  Diosaz  glens.  The  name 
of  Aiguilles  Rouges  is  often  given  to 
this  range,  but,  according  to  MM. 
Yailot,  to  whom  we  owe  the  first 
careful  account  of  this  chain  (see 
'  Annuaire  du  Club  Alpin  Francais,' 
vol.  xix.  1892),  that  name  properly 
belongs  only  to  the  serrated  ridges 
N.E.  of  the  Belvedere.  Thus  the 
Belvedere  is  not  the  highest  summit 
of  the  Aiguilles  Rouges,  while  the 
name  Aiguille  de  la  Gliere,  given  to 
it  on  certain  maps,  really  belongs  to 
a  peak  a  good  bit  to  the  S.W.  (See 
MM.  Vallot's  map,  and  the  sketch  of 
the  real  topography  of  this  range  given 
in  §  17.  Rte.  E.  3.  as  the  traverse 
of  the  peak  from  Sixt  to  Chamonix  is 
one  of  the  finest  routes  between  those 
places.)  The  Belvedere  (2,966  m., 
9,731  ft.)  commands  a  view  which  is 
•rated  by  good  judges  as  little,  if  at 
all,  inferior  to  that  gained  from  the 
Buet.  It  may  be  climbed  from  the 
Flegere  inn  in  4  hrs.  past  the  refresh- 
ment booth  of  La  Floriaz,  the  Lac 
Blanc,  the  upper  edge  of  the  glacier 
of  that  name,  and  the  S.  rock  ridge. 

There  are  a  number  of  other  excur- 
sions which  may  be  made  from 
Chamonix,  but  are  more  conveniently 
described  in  other  routes.  The  Col 
de  Voza,  part  of  the  *  Tour  du  Mont 
Blanc'  (Rte.  E),  and  the  Col  de 
Balme  (Rte.  H),  are  both  well  worth  a 
visit  even  by  those  who  may  have  no 
occasion  to  traverse  them.  The  ex- 
cursion to  the  Grands  Mulets  is  no- 


ticed in  Rte.  B.  in  connection  with 
the  ascent  of  Mont  Blanc,  and  the 
ascent  of  the  Buet  in  §  17.  Rte.  E,  as 
one  of  the  ways  from  Sixt  to  Chamo- 
nix. The  Argentiere  glacier  and  its 
neighbourhood  are  described  in 
Rte.  L  of  this  Section,  and  the  Tour 
glacier  in  Rte.  M. 


Route  B. 

THE  ASCENT  OF  MONT  BLANC. 

The  ascent  of  the  highest  mountain 
in  the  Alps  long  passed  for  an  exploit 
of  the  first  order,  deserving  of  special 
record,  and  admitting,  on  the  part  of 
those  who  achieved  it,  of  a  style  of 
high-flown  description  which  gave  a 
formidable  idea  of  the  difficulty  of 
the  performance.  Such  descriptions 
represented,  for  the  most  part  in 
perfect  good  faith,  the  impression 
made  upon  the  minds  of  travellers  by 
phenomena  new  and  imposing  from 
the  grand  scale  on  which  they 
operate,  very  much  heightened  by 
ignorance  of  their  laws,  which  left  the 
imagination  subject  to  an  ill-defined 
sense  of  wonder  and  terror.  The 
same  descriptions  might,  however, 
have  served  for  the  ascent  of  many 
other  of  the  glacier-clad  peaks  of  the 
Alps,  and  according  as  experience 
has  made  men  familiar  with  the 
means  and  precautions  required,  and 
more  accurate  knowledge  has  enabled 
them  to  understand  the  obstacles  to 
be  overcome,  and  the  dangers  to  be 
avoided,  it  is  found  that  the  ascent 
of  Mont  Blanc  by  the  ordinary  route 
is  an  expedition  involving  no  peculiar 
difficulties,  nor,  when  made  in  favour- 
able weather,  any  appreciable  risk. 
The  shrewdness  of  the  natives  of  the 
valley  of  Chamonix  has  led  them  to 
invest  the  ascent  with  as  much  im- 
portance as  they  can  coitrive  to  give 
it,  and  while  they  were  able  to  obtain 
for  a  number  of  men  ten  times  the 


ROUTE  B.    THE  ASCENT  OF  MONT  BLANC 


349 


remuneration  which  would  be  con- 
sidered sufficient  for  the  same  amount 
of  labour  and  exposure  at  other 
seasons  of  the  year,  they  were  not 
likely  to  diminish  the  allowance  of 
powder  that  is  burned  to  celebrate 
each  successful  ascent  that  is  made 
from  their  valley  with  Chamonix 
guides.  Of  late  years  the  number  of 
ascents  has  very  largely  increased, 
and  the  evil  now  to  be  guarded 
against  is  not  so  much  undue  appre- 
ciation of  the  difficulties  as  an  under- 
estimate, leading  men  to  neglect 
needful  precautions,  and  to  dispense 
with  the  requisite  amount  of  previous 
training.  To  guard  against  imme- 
diate danger,  the  guides  are  usually 
quite  worthy  of  reliance,  and  if  the 
object  be  simply  to  reach  the  summit, 
and  come  down  again  without  bodily 
hurt,  most  Englishmen  of  active 
habits,  who  agree  to  pay  the  proper 
number  of  francs  to  the  guides  and 
innkeepers  at  Chamonix,  may  count 
on  achieving  their  object,  provided 
the  weather  be  favourable,  or  they 
have  the  patience  to  wait  until  it 
becomes  so.  But  men  who  desire 
not  merely  to  accomplish  what  is 
considered  by  some  as  a  feat,  but  to 
enjoy,  in  the  true  sense  of  the  word, 
an  expedition  which  brings  them  face 
to  face  with  so  many  phases  of  the 
beautiful  and  sublime  in  Nature, 
must  recollect  that  for  that  object  some 
general  and  some  special  preparation 
is  necessary.  The  amount  of  training 
of  the  muscles  which  will  support 
without  undue  fatigue  almost  con- 
tinued physical  exertion,  with  but 
short  intervals  of  rest,  and  little  or 
no  sleep,  during  24  hrs.  or  more, 
is  not  generally  obtained  without 
several  days  or  weeks  of  previous 
practice.  This  might  be  acquired  on 
a  Scotch  moor  as  well  as  on  the 
Alps,  but  it  is  only  here  that  a  man 
can  gain  that  familiarity  with  the  ice 
world  which  is  essential  to  an  in- 
telligent enjoyment  of  its  wonders 
and  its  beauties.  The  keenest  ob- 
server, plunging  suddenly  into  scenes 
where  everything  is  new  and  unlike 


previous  experience,  carries  away  but 
a  confused  and  overcrowded  series  of 
impressions,  instead  of  those  indelible 
pictures   that    he   might  otherwise 
retain.     At   the   least   a  traveller 
should   begin   by   devoting  several 
days  to  the  exploration  of  the  higher 
glaciers,  however  thoroughly  trained 
he  may  otherwise  be.    It  should  not 
be  forgotten  that  some  persons  are 
liable   to   suffer  severely  from  the 
combined  effects  of  rarefied  air  and 
unusual  exertion  at  a  great  height. 
Apart  from  the  difference  of  constitu- 
tion in  individuals,  which   can  be 
ascertained  only  by  trial,  there  is  no 
doubt  that  habit  has  a  great  influence 
I  in  making  men   insensible   to  this 
1  distressing    affection.      Those  who 
have    accustomed     themselves  to 
I  breathe  the  air  at  heights  of  11,000 
j  or  12,000  ft.  rarely,  if  ever,  feel  in- 
!  convenience  when  they  mount  some 
!   3,000  or  4,000  ft.  above  that  limit, 
unless  for  reasons  having  nothing  to 
j  do  with  the  rarefaction  of  the  air. 

The  form  of  the  central  portion  of 
I  the   Mont   Blanc   range   has  been 
I  partly  indicated  in  the  Introduction 
j  to  this  Chapter,  and  may  be  better 
understood  by  referring  to  a  tolerable 
model  than  by  verbal  description. 
I  The   highest   summit,    or  Calotte, 
4,810  m.  (15,782  ft. )  above  the  sea- 
level,  lies  in  the   range   of  peaks 
which  overhang  the  Allee  Blanche. 
It  has  been  compared  to  a  dome  of 
snow  irregularly  cut  away  on  the  N. 
and  S.  sides,  standing  on   a  vast 
I  basement  propped  up  by  buttresses 
j   of  rock,  of  which  the  most  prominent 
are   the  Mont  Brouillard  and  the 
Aiguilles  Blanche  and  Noire  de  Pe- 
teret.    If  the  range  of  Aiguilles  that 
enclose  the  valley  of  Chamonix  were 
continuous  from  the  Aiguille  du  Midi 
to  the  Aiguille  du  Gouter,  the  sum- 
mit of  Mont  Blanc  would  be  com- 
pletely shut  out  from  that  side,  but 
between  those  two  summits  there  is 
a  wide  opening  through  which  two 
great  glaciers  descend  into  the  valley 
of  Chamonix.    This  opening  corre- 
sponds to  the  main  peculiarity  in  the 


350        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


architecture  of  the  mountain.  From 
the  central  mass  a  mighty  ridge 
stretches  to  the  N.W.,  and  by  the 
comparative  evenness  of  its  outline 
presents  a  remarkable  contrast  to  the 
jagged  and  bristling  forms  of  the 
surrounding  ranges.  In  this  great 
ridge  the  first  rocky  and  snowy  pro- 
minences have  the  descriptive  name 
of  Bosses  du  Dromadaire  (4,556  m., 
14,948  ft.,  and  4,525  m.,  14,846  ft.) 
The  next  noticeable  feature  is  the 
huge  rounded  mass  of  the  Dd?7ie  du 
Gouter  (4,331  m.,  14,210  ft),  while 
at  its  N.  end,  formed  by  the  Aiguille 
du  Gotiter  (3,843  m.,  12,609  ft.),  the 
ridge  is  cut  away  abruptly  on  three 
sides  by  steep  slopes,  after  the 
fashion  of  the  gable  ends  of  old 
French  roofs.  Corresponding  in 
some  measure  to  this  ridge,  another, 
bolder  in  form,  diverges  from  the 
central  mass  towards  the  N.N.E. 
Its  two  chief  summits  are  the  Motit 
Maudit  (4,471  Hi.,  14,669  ft.)  and 
the  Mont  Blanc  dti  Tacul  (4,249  m., 
13,941  ft.)  Though  separated  from 
the  last-named  peak  by  a  gap,  the 
A  iguille  du  Midi  ( 3 , 843  m. ,  1 2 , 609  ft. ) 
seems  to  be  the  natural  termination 
of  this  ridge,  and  to  correspond  in 
position,  though  not  in  form,  to  the 
Aiguille  du  Gouter. 

In  the  angle  between  these  con- 
verging ridges  is  the  Grand  Plateau, 
(3,932  m.,  12,901  ft.),  a  level  space 
probably  filled  to  an  enormous  depth 
with  accumulated  neve.  Below  this 
the  great  snow  valley,  lying  within 
the  angle,  is  divided  longitudinally 
by  a  much  smaller  subordinate  ridge, 
in  great  part  covered  with  neve  and 
glacier,  but  projecting  through  this 
envelope  in  the  sharp  peaks  of  the 
Grands  Mulets  (3,057  m.,  10,030  ft.) 
and  terminating  in  the  Montagne  de 
la  Cdte,  which  divides  the  Glacier  des 
Bossons  from  the  Glacier  de  Tacon- 
naz.  The  latter  originates  in  the  neve 
that  accumulates  on  the  N.  slopes  of 
the  Dome  du  Gouter,  and  in  the  fold 
or  ledge  between  it  and  the  ridge  of 
the  Grands  Mulets,  while  the  Bossons 
gl.    drains   the   much   wider  snow 


valley  between  the  latter  ridge  and 
that  of  the  Aiguille  du  Midi. 

Apart  from  the  ways  up  Mont 
Blanc  from  the  Courmayeur  side  (to 
be  described  below,  under  3)  there 
are  but  two  main  routes  to  the  summit 
of  Mont  Blanc.  The  Chamonix  route 
(that  usually  taken)  lies  along  the  E. 
base  of  the  ridge  extending  from  the 
top  to  the  Aiguille  du  Gouter,  by  the 
ledge  formed  between  it  and  the 
minor  ridge  of  the  Grands  Mulets  ; 
by  this  route  the  N.N.E.  ridge  of 
Mont  Blanc  was  gained  at  some  point 
between  the  Mont  Maudit  and  the 
summit,  and  then  followed  to  the  top 
of  the  mountain,  but,  as  will  be  seen 
presently,  it  is  now  more  usual  to 
mount  from  the  Grand  Plateau  to  the 
N.W.  ridge,  thus  joining  the  second 
main  route.  This  second  route, 
known  from  its  starting  point  as  the 
St.  Gervais  route,  lies  along  the  crest 
of  the  ridge  extending  from  the  sum- 
mit to  the  Aiguille  du  Gouter.  These 
two  routes  thus  lead  respectively  up 
the  final  N.N.E.  and  N.W.  ridges  of 
the  mountain. 

Some  sketch  of  the  early  history  of 
Mont  Blanc  must  be  given  here,  but 
the  reader  is  referred  for  many  addi- 
tional most  interesting  details  to 
Monsieur  C.  Durier's  classical  work 
'  Le  Mont-Blanc,5  first  published  in 
1877,  and  now  in  its  fourth  edition 

(1897). 

Probably  mentioned,  under  the  name 
of  '  rupes  alba,5  in  the  earliest  extant 
document  referring  to  Chamonix 
(1091  :  see  Rte.  A),  it  certainly 
appears  under  that  of  6  Montagne 
Maudite5  on  Mercator5s  Atlas  (1594), 
and  this  name  came  to  be  commonly 
used,  especially  at  Geneva,  whence 
this  unknown  and  much  dreaded 
group  could  be  seen.  But  with  the 
arrival  of  the  first  tourists  in  the 
valley  of  Chamonix  (1741-2)  we  find 
that  the  mountain  is  now  called 
1  Mont  Blanc,5  this  being  probably 
the  vague  general  name  applied  at 
Chamonix  to  the  great  snowy  mass 
which  dominates  the  valley.  It  was 
for  many  years  later  regarded  with 


ROUTE  B.    THE  ASCENT  OF  MONT  BLANC 


35i 


respectful  awe,  and  deemed  quite  in- 
accessible. The  earliest  step  towards 
its  conquest  was  made  by  Saussure, 
who  after  his  first  visits  to  Chamonix 
in  1760  and  1761  offered  a  liberal 
reward  to  the  person  who  should 
first  find  the  way  to  the  summit. 

But  the  first  attempt,  by  Pierre 
Simond  (one  of  Saussure's  guides),  by 
the  way  of  the  Geant  gl. ,  and  later 
by  that  of  Bossons,  did  not  lead  to 
anything.  It  was  not  till  July,  1775, 
that  the  first  serious  attempt  was 
made  to  scale  the  peak.  Four  Cha- 
monix men,  Francois  and  Michel 
Paccard,  Victor  Tissai,  and  Couteran, 
ascended  by  the  Montagne  de  la 
Cote,  and  probably  attained  the  edge 
of  the  Grand  Plateau.  There  they 
were  overpowered  '  by  the  reverbera- 
tion of  the  sun  from  the  snow,  and 
the  stagnation  of  the  air  in  the  great 
snow  valley. '  The  next  attempt,  in 
1783,  by  J.  M.  Couttet,  J.  Carrier, 
and  J.  B.  Lombard  (all  heard  of  later), 
was  abandoned  in  the  great  snow 
valley,  because  one  of  the  party  was 
seized  with  an  almost  irresistible  de- 
sire to  sleep.  Later  in  the  same  year 
Monsieur  Bourrit  (the  most  enter- 
prising, but  most  unlucky,  of  these 
early  climbers),  with  Dr.  Michel 
Paccard,  the  village  doctor,  had  the 
honour  of  making  the  first  attempt  by 
a  traveller,  but  was  driven  back  by  a 
storm  from  his  bivouac  on  the  summit 
of  the  Montagne  de  la  Cote. 

In  1784  M.  Bourrit  learned  that 
two  hunters  of  La  Gruaz  (a  hamlet  at 
the  entrance  of  the  Miage  glen,  on 
the  W.  side  of  Mont  Blanc),  named 
Francois  Cuidet  and  Gervais,  claimed 
to  have  ascended  the  Aiguille  du 
Gouter,  and  had  found  the  snow- 
slopes  '  so  well  aerated '  that  there 
was  no  risk  of  the  suffocation  caused 
by  '  the  stagnation  of  the  air  in  the 
great  snow  valley. '  He  accordingly 
started  with  these  two  hunters,  and 
also  Couttet  and  Lombard,  besides 
other  guides  and  a  dog,  but  having 
gained  the  foot  of  the  Aiguille  du 
Gouter  was  overcome  by  cold  and 
fatigue.    Cuidet  and  Couttet  pushed 


on,  reached  the  Aiguille,  and  crossed 
the  Dome  du  Gouter,  getting  as  far 
as  the  first  rocks  on  the  Bosses  du 
Dromadaire,  whence  they  were  driven 
back  by  want  of  time  and  the  rarefied 
air,  though  otherwise  further  progress 
would  have  been  quite  possible. 

In  September,  1785,  Saussure, 
with  M.  Bourrit  and  the  latter 's  son, 
made  his  first  attempt,  naturally 
selecting  the  way  by  the  Aiguille  du 
Gouter.  The  party  spent  the  night 
in  a  hut  which  had  been  prepared  at 
the  foot  of  the  Aiguille.  On  the 
next  day  they  took  the  same  route  as 
that  now  followed,  crossed  the  great 
couloir,  and  climbed  some  distance 
further  up,  but  were  compelled  to 
return,  after  attaining  a  great  height, 
by  the  quantity  of  fresh  snow  which 
lay  on  the  edges  of  the  rocks. 

A  few  days  previously  Couttet  and 
Jacques  Balmat  had  been  beaten 
back  by  a  hail  storm,  when  already  on 
the  Aiguille.  Finally,  on  June  30, 
1786,  two  of  Saussure's  guides, 
Couttet  and  Pierre  Balmat,  slept  in  the 
hut  at  the  foot  of  the  Aiguille  du 
Gouter.  On  the  following  day  they 
climbed  the  Aiguille,  and  reached  the 
summit  of  the  Dome  du  Gouter. 
Here,  by  previous  arrangement,  they 
met  another  party,  which  had 
bivouacked  on  the  Montagne  de  la 
Cote.  This  party  consisted  of  three  men 
(two  already  mentioned),  Tournier, 
Carrier,  and  Fr.  Paccard,  together 
with  a  young  fellow  of  24,  named 
Jacques  Balmat,  who  was  destined  to 
win  the  prize.  Balmat  had  previously 
attempted  the  mountain  from  the 
Geant  gl.,  and  from  the  Miage  side, 
while  in  1785  (as  we  have  seen  above) 
he  had  tried  the  Gouter  ridge.  In 
1786  he  had  spent  two  nights  out 
among  the  glaciers  exploring,  when, 
on  his  return  to  Chamonix,  he  found 
the  three  men  just  starting.  He  set 
out  again  with  but  little  delay,  and 
joined  the  others  at  their  bivouac  on 
the  Montagne  de  la  Cote.  The 
two  parties  reached  the  first  of  the 
Bosses  du  Dromadaire,  but  the  ridge 
was  so  narrow  that  it  was  judged 


352        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


impracticable,  and  all  returned  to 
Chamonix,  with  a  single  exception. 
This  was  Jacques  Balmat,  who  had 
been  trying  to  get  along  the  ridge 
astraddle,  and  on  his  descent  found 
himself  abandoned  by  his  comrades. 
He  managed  to  get  down  to  the 
Grand  Plateau,  and  late  that  after- 
noon (July  i)  climbed  up  the  snow 
slope  to  the  S.W.  of  the  double  line 
of  rocks  now  known  as  the  Rochers 
Rouges,  and  so  attained  the  N.E. 
shoulder  of  the  final  peak.  But 
mist  came  on,  so  that,  though  the 
game  was  really  won,  he  had  to 
redescend  to  the  Grand  Plateau, 
where  he  spent  a  terrible  night,  his 
fourth  consecutive  night  out  of  a  bed. 
A  few  weeks  later  the  same  year, 
August  8,  1786,  at  6.30  P.M.,  Balmat 
actually  reached  the  summit  for  the 
first  time  by  the  route  he  had  dis- 
covered. He  was  accompanied  by 
Dr.  Michel  Paccard,  a  native  of 
Chamonix  and  the  village  doctor, 
who  had  already  tried  the  mountain 
in  1783,  and  is  possibly  identical  with 
one  of  the  men  who  had  made  the 
attempt  of  1775,  as  in  1786  he  was 
29  years  old. 

The  success  of  the  undertaking 
greatly  interested  Saussure,  who  came 
at  once  to  Chamonix.  But  very  bad 
weather  prevented  any  further  at- 
tempt that  year.  Saussure  in  the 
spring  of  1787  made  a  journey  to  the 
coast  of  Provence  for  scientific  pur- 
poses, but  even  from  the  harbour  of 
Toulon  saw  what  he  believed  to  be 
Mont  Blanc.  Meanwhile  prepara- 
tions for  his  ascent  were  in  progress 
at  Chamonix.  On  July  5  Balmat 
made  his  second  ascent,  accompanied 
by  J.  M.  Cachat  and  Alexis  Tournier. 
The  third  was  achieved  a  month  later 
by  Saussure  himself,  who  had  with 
him  Balmat  and  18  other  men. 
Starting  on  August  I ,  the  first  night 
was  spent  at  the  top  of  the  Montagne. 
de  la  Cote,  and  the  second  at  a  point 
a  little  below  the  Grand  Plateau.  On 
August  3  he  at  last  reached  the 
summit  at  II  a.m.,  and  remained 
there  4^  hrs.,  sleeping  that  night  at 


the  N.  foot  of  the  Grands  Mulets 
ridge,  and  regaining  Chamonix  on  the 
fourth  day.  On  August  9  an  English- 
man, Colonel  Beaufoy,  made  a 
successful  ascent,  in  which  he  was 
destined  to  be  followed  by  many  of 
his  countrymen. 

For  a  long  time  no  change  was 
made  in  the  route  followed  by  Balmat 
and  Saussure  (now  known  as  that  by 
the  4  Ancien  Passage'),  except  that  it 
was  found  more  convenient  to  pass  the 
first  night  on  the  rocks  of  the  Grands 
Mulets,  rather  than  on  the  Montagne 
de  la  Cote,  and  to  reach  the 
bivouac  by  ascending  the  r.  bank 
of  the  Bossons  gl.  to  the  Pierre  a 
PEchelle,  and  then  crossing  that 
glacier. 

On  August  20,  1820,  a  large  party, 
including  a  Russian,  Dr.  Hamel,  and 
two  Englishmen,  Messrs.  Joseph  Dorn- 
ford  and  Gilbert  Henderson,  with  eight 
guides,  was  cut  in  two  by  an  ava- 
lanche, while  ascending  the  steep 
slope  just  S.W.  of  the  Rochers 
Rouges,  and  three  guides  thus  lost 
their  lives  in  the  well-known  great 
crevasse  at  the  foot  of  that  slope. 
This  accident,  the  first  of  many  on 
the  mountain,  suggested  the  expe- 
diency of  a  change  of  route.  Accord- 
ingly, in  1827,  Mr.  (later  Sir)  C. 
Fellows  and  Mr.  W.  Hawes,  with  J. 
M.  Couttet  and  several  other  guides, 
struck  out  a  new  way  to  the  N.  E.  of 
the  Rochers  Rouges  by  the  '  Corridor  ' 
and  the  '  Mur  de  la  Cote,'  and  this 
was  long  followed,  though  now  a  days 
it  has  been  pretty  well  given  up  in 
favour  of  that  by  the  Bosses. 

On  July  31,  1855,  Mr.  (now  Sir) 
J.  H.  Ramsay  discovered  a  new  route 
to  the  summit,  though  he  was  unfor- 
tunately obliged  to  retreat  after  hav- 
ing gained  the  Mur  de  la  Cote.  He 
slept  at  the  foot  of  the  Aiguille  du 
Midi,  with  six  Courmayeur  guides, 
and  climbed  up  the  slopes  of  the 
Mont  Maudit,  descending  by  the 
opening  on  its  W.  to  the  head  of  the 
Corridor.  A  week  later  another 
English  party,  without  guides,  only 
succeeded  in  attaining  the  summit  of 


ROUTE  B.    THE  ASCENT  OF  MONT  BLANC 


353 


the  Mont  Blanc  du  Tacul,  and  this 
route  was  not  completely  made  till  it 
was  taken  on  July  18,  1863,  by  MM. 
Maquelin  and  Briquet,  of  Geneva, 
with  ten  Courmayeur  guides. 

The  English  guideless  party  just 
mentioned  was  more  fortunate  in  an 
attempt  on  Mont  Blanc  from  St. 
Gervais.  Starting  from  a  hut  built 
higher  up  on  the  Aiguille  du  Goiiter 
than  that  of  M.  Guichardin  1854,  they 
climbed  the  Aiguille  and  the  Dome. 
Thence,  sending  back  their  porters  to 
care  for  two  of  the  party  who  could 
not  complete  the  ascent,  the  others, 
consisting  of  the  Revs.  C.  Hudson, 
Grenville,  and  Christopher  Smyth, 
Messrs.  E.  S.  Kennedy  and  C. 
Ainslie,  descended  to  the  Grand 
Plateau,  and  reached  the  summit  by 
way  of  the  Corridor,  without  guides, 
on  August  14,  1855.  This  ascent 
helped  somewhat  to  emancipate  tra- 
vellers from  the  vexatious  restrictions 
of  the  old  Chamonix  regulations,  and 
the  unreasonable  expenses  to  winch 
they  were  there  subjected,  but  it  left 
the  route  to  the  summit  by  the  N.W. 
ridge  still  incomplete.  Several 
attempts  to  supply  the  portion  still 
wanting,  and  one  intended  to  discover 
a  new  way  by  the  Col  de  Miage,  were 
made  in  1856  by  a  party  consisting  of 
the  Revs.  F.  J.  A.  Hort,  J.  LI. 
Davies,  and  H.  W.  Watson,  and  Mr. 
F.  Vaughan  Hawkins,  but  were  all 
defeated  by  bad  weather.  They  are 
recounted  by  Mr.  Vaughan  Hawkins 
in  the  first  series  of  '  Peaks,  Passes, 
and  Glaciers.' 

It  was  not  till  July  29,  1859,  that 
the  practicability  of  the  Bosses  ridge, 
connecting  the  summit  with  the  Dome 
du  Goiiter,  was  finally  established  by 
a  party  consisting  of  the  Revs.  C. 
Hudson  and  G.  C.  Hodgkinson,  and 
Mr.  G.  C.  Joad,  led  by  Melchior  An- 
deregg.  From  the  Grand  Plateau  they 
mounted  the  Dome  du  Goiiter,  and  then 
followed  the  ridge  on  to  the  summit. 
(It  may  be  noted  that  Mr.  Hudson's 
party  had  been  anticipated  twenty 
years  before  by  a  Chamonix  man, 
eighty-four  years  of  age,  Marie 
I. 


Couttet,  surnamed  Moutelet,  who 
attained  the  summit  alone,  and  was 
met  descending  by  another  party  on 
the  Mur  de  la  Cote. )  The  first  com- 
plete ascent  by  the  new  route  was 
effected  on  July  18,  1861,  by  Messrs. 
Leslie  Stephen  and  F.  F.  Tuckett,  with 
Melchior  Anderegg,  J.  J.  Bennen,  and 
P.  Perren,  who  mounted  direct  from 
St.  Gervais,  thus  achieving  the  under- 
taking commenced  as  far  back  as 
1784.  But  the  Bosses  ridge  was 
dreaded  long  after,  so  that  it  is  said 
that  it  was  never  descended  till  July  5, 
1869,  when  this  was  done  by  Mr. 
Coolidge,  under  the  guidance  of 
Christian  Aimer.  Nowadays  there  is 
a  hut  at  the  commencement  of  the 
ridge,  and  it  is  the  usual  route  from 
j  Chamonix. 

Since  1861  many  difficult  routes 
have  been  forced  up  Mont  Blanc 
from  the  Italian  side,  but  it  was 
not  till  1890  that  the  true  way  up 
from  Courmayeur  was  discovered. 
(For  details,  see  3.  iv.,  below.)  M. 
Kurz's  Guide  (in  its  French  edition 
only)  contains  a  pretty  complete 
bibliography  of  works  describing  the 
ascent  of  Mont  Blanc.  One  that  has 
appeared  since  his  book  contains  pro- 
bably the  most  complete  account  of 
personal  experiences  on  many  of  the 
routes  up  the  peak,  and  may  there- 
fore be  mentioned  here — Dr.  Paul 
Giissfeldt's  4  Der  Mont  Blanc  '  (Ber- 
lin, 1894).  For  details  as  to  all  the 
eleven  routes  M.  Kurz's  work  should 
be  referred  to. 

1.  The  Chamonix  Route. — From 
the  hamlet  of  Praz  Conduits,  nearly 
opposite  the  village  of  Chamonix,  a 
good  mule  path  (with  sign  posts) 
mounts  rather  steeply  through  a  pine 
forest,  and  then  over  pastures  to  the 
Pierre  Pointue  inn^  2,049  m->  6,723 
ft.  (2 J  hrs.  from  Chamonix.)  The 
track  keeps  at  some  distance  from 
the  Bossons  glacier,  which  is  separated 
from  it  by  a  deep  ravine,  often  choked 
by  the  remains  of  the  spring  avalanches. 

[20  min.  from  the  inn,  and  accessible 
by  a  mule  path,  there  is  a  rocky  knoll 
known  as  the  Aiguille  de  la  Tour 

A  A 


354        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


(2,306  m.,  7,566  ft.) — not  to  be  con- 
founded wiih  the  point  opposite, 
called  by  that  name  on  Mieulet's 
map — whence  there  is  a  very  fine 
view  over  the  neighbouring  glaciers.  J 
From  the  inn  there  is  only  a  foot  path, 
which  becomes  steep  and  rough  on 
approaching  the  base  of  the  Aiguille 
du  Midi,  and  passes  beneath  over- 
hanging rocks,  which  sometimes  dis- 
charge volleys  of  stones  across  the 
track.  The  Pierre  a  PEchelle  (so 
called  from  the  ladder  formerly  kept 
there)  is  passed  before  the  r.  bank  of 
the  Bos  sons  gl.  is  reached  (f  hr. 
from  the  inn).  The  upper  part  of 
this  glacier  is  enclosed  between 
lofty  precipices,  down  which  masses 
of  ice  are  constantly  hurled  from  the 
slopes  of  the  Aiguille  du  Midi.  On 
the  opposite  side  rise  the  steep,  dark 
rocks  of  the  Grands  Mulets,  well  seen 
in  all  views  of  this  side  of  Mont 
Blanc,  and  even  from  the  village  of 
Chamonix.  The  Bossons  gl.  is 
generally  easy  to  cross  to  its  junction 
with  the  Taconnaz  gl. ,  as  there  is 
now  a  sort  of  path  made  by  the  por- 
ters who  carry  up  provisions  to  the 
Grands  Mulets  inn.  Ladders  are  not 
placed  there  now  unless  absolutely 
indispensable.  The  only  difficulties 
in  this  traverse  are  usually  found 
on  the  farther  side,  where  the  ridge 
of  the  Grands  Mulets  is  continued 
under  the  ice,  which  is  therefore 
broken  up  into  seracs,  and  intersected 
by  great  crevasses.  Easy  snow-fields 
then  lead  to  the  W.  foot  of  the  Grands 
Mulets  rocks  (3.057  m.,  10,030  ft  J, 
on  which,  just  above  the  glacier,  is 
the  little  mountain  inn  (3,020  m., 
9,909  ft.)  where  it  is  usual  to  pass 
the  night  before  the  ascent.  It  is 
2J  hrs.  or  so  from  the  Pierre  Pointue, 
and  is  often  the  object  of  a  day's  ex- 
cursion from  Chamonix.  (It  is  pos- 
sible to  go  from  either  inn  through 
the  opening  at  the  S.W.  foot  of  the 
Aiguille  du  Midi  to  the  Geant  gl., 
but  the  pass,  Col  du  Midi,  is  not  easy, 
and  certainly  not  always  safe. ) 

The  Grands  Mulets  is  left  at  a  very 
early  hour    in     the   morning,  the 


way  being  now  well  known  to  the 
guides.  The  advantage  of  such  an 
early  start  is  that  the  snow  is  usually 
in  better  order,  and  the  fatigue  of  the 
ascent  is  proportionately  diminished, 
while  by  reaching  the  top  earlier 
there  is  a  better  chance  of  a  clear 
view.  On  the  other  hand  the  tra- 
veller loses  some  of  the  finest  effects 
when  he  makes  nearly  the  entire 
ascent  by  the  faint  light  emitted  by 
the  snow  even  on  dark  nights  (sup- 
plemented by  that  of  a  flickering 
lantern),  and  the  cold  is  usually 
severely  felt  by  those  who  reach  the 
upper  slopes  of  the  mountain  soon 
after  sunrise.  About  2\  hrs.  from 
the  Grands  Mulets  there  is  a  nearly 
level  and  uniform  field  of  neve  called 
the  Petit  Plateau,  the  S.  end  of 
which  is  exposed  to  avalanches  fall- 
ing from  the  Dome  du  Gouter.  This 
field  is  followed  by  a  steeper  slope 
(the  Grandes  Montees),  traversed  by  a 
great  crevasse,  usually  half  choked  by 
snow  and  ice,  which  leads  to  the 
Grand  Plateau  (f  hr. ),  3,932  m., 
12,901  ft.  This  is  a  snow  plain  of 
considerable  breadth,  fully  an  hour's 
walk  when  the  snow  is  soft.  Here 
MM.  Martins,  Bravais,  and  Le  Pileur 
pitched  their  tent  for  several  days  in 
August  1844,  when  engaged  in 
making  scientific  observations  here, 
or  on  Mont  Blanc,  and  the  Dome  du 
Gouter. 

From  the  Grand  Plateau  there  is  a 
choice  of  three  routes  to  the  summit, 
c  being  that  now  commonly  taken. 

(a)  Ancien  Passage  (2  hrs. ) — This 
lies  to  the  r.  or  S.W.  of  the  two 
parallel  lines  of  rocks,  the  Rockers 
Rouges,  which  descend  from  the 
N.N.E.  ridge  of  the  mountain,  and 
consists  of  steep  ice  or  snow  slopes, 
at  the  base  of  which  is  a  huge 
crevasse  (the  'Grande  Crevasse'); 
but  though  this  way  is  direct  it  is 
very  much  exposed  to  avalanches, 
and  is  now  very  rarely  taken.  It 
joins  b  on  the  N.N.E.  ridge. 

{b)  Corridor  (2J-3  hrs.) — This  is 
the  steep  hollow  or  funnel,  filled 
with  snow,  which  runs  up,  on  the 


ROUTE  B.    THE  ASCENT  OF  MONT  BLANC 


355 


1.  or  N.E.  of  the  double  line  of  the 
Rochers  Rouges,  to  a  depression  at 
its  head,  now  known  as  the  Col  de  la 
Brenva  (4,333  m.,  14,217  ft.),  the 
loftiest  pass  in  the  Alps,  save  those 
between  some  of  the  peaks  of  Monte 
Rosa.  Here  the  traveller  obtains  his 
first  view  of  Italy,  with  the  magnifi- 
cent Brenva  gl.  below,  and  Monte 
Rosa  and  the  Matterhorn  on  the 
eastern  horizon.  {Mont  Mauditr 
4,471  m.,  14,669  ft.,  may  be  climbed 
hence  in  if  hr.  by  its  S.  ridge. )  The 
way  now  turns  to  the  S.,  and  the 
steep  snow  slope  or  wall  called  the 
Mur  de  la  CSte  must  be  cut  up  till 
above  the  Rochers  Rouges,  where  a  is 
rejoined.  A  little  below  there  is  now  a 
hut  (4,508  m.,  14,791  ft.)  The  slope 
becomes  more  gentle,  and  the  isolated 
rocks  of  the  Petit s  Mulets  (4,690  m., 
15,388  ft.)  are  passed  before  the 
summit  is  gained.  It  is  on  this 
highest  ridge  of  the  mountain  that 
many  strangers  show  symptoms  of 
exhaustion,  and  this,  added  to  a  great 
storm,  was  the  cause  of  the  lamentable 
accident  here  in  1870,  when  three 
travellers  and  eight  guides  perished. 
Many  of  those  who  feel  no  more  serious 
inconvenience  move  more  slowly,  and 
are  conscious  of  a  languor  which  is 
not  felt  under  similar  circumstances 
at  a  lower  level.  In  some  cases  the 
sense  of  exhaustion  is  such  that  men 
find  it  necessary  to  halt  after  every 
twenty  or  thirty  paces,  and  a  certain 
degree  of  stupor  comes  on,  which 
does  not  disappear  till  they  have 
rested  for  some  time  on  the  summit. 
During  the  last  part  of  the  ascent  the 
Calotte  presents  itself  as  a  flattened 
dome  of  snow,  gradually  becoming 
steeper  on  either  side,  and  at  last 
contracted  to  a  ridge.  From  the 
Petits  Mulets  to  the  top  a  time  quite 
disproportioned  to  the  shortness  of 
the  distance  and  the  gentleness  of 
the  slope  is  required,  and  the  first 
feeling  of  those  who  are  told  that 
they  have  reached  the  summit  is 
often  that  of  relief  from  a  load  of 
ungrateful  labour  rather  than  any 
keen  sense  of  enjoyment. 


(c)  Bosses  du  Dromadaire  (3  hrs.) 
— This  is  the  usual  route.  From 
the  Grand  Plateau  an  ascent  up  snow 
slopes  in  a  S.  direction,  leads  without 
any  difficulty  to  the  snowy  depression 
just  to  the  1.  of  the  Dome,  whence 
a  few  minutes  along  the  ridge  brings 
the  traveller  to  the  hut  (no  longer 
provisioned),  built  here  in  1890  by. 
M.  Vallot,  at  a  height  of  4,362  m., 
14,312  ft.  (if  hr.)  The  N.W.  ridge 
is  then  followed  across  the  two 
Bosses  to  the  summit,  but  is  much 
exposed  to  wind,  though  by  no 
means  so  narrow  as  described  by  the 
early  explorers. 

The  summit  varies  much  in  shape, 
being  sometimes  a  dome,  sometimes 
a  sharp  ridge.  In  1893  M.  Janssen 
had  an  Observatory  built  a  few  feet 
below  the  top,  on  the  N.  slope.  On  the 
S.  the  traveller  will  note  a  sort  of 
snowy  plain,  at  the  further  end  of 
which  rises  the  hillock  dignified  by 
the  name  of  Mont  Blanc  de  Cour- 
mayeur  (4,753  m->  I5>595ft-)  Ac- 
cording to  the  express  stipulation  of 
the  treaty  of  March  3,  1861,  between 
France  and  Italy,  regulating  the 
frontier  after  the  cession  of  Savoy, 
the  political  frontier  runs,  round  the 
S.  edge  of  this  snowy  plain,  through 
M.  Blanc  de  Courmayeur,  so  that  the 
whole  of  the  highest  summit  of  Mont 
Blanc  itself  lies  in  French  territory. 

To  describe  the  view,  if  that  were 
possible,  would  little  serve  the  tra- 
veller's purpose.  His  power  of 
identifying  the  individual  features  of 
the  immense  panorama  will  depend 
upon  his  personal  acquaintance  with 
each  district  that  comes  within  his 
range  of  vision  ;  and  here  he  who 
has  previously  explored  many  parts 
of  the  Alps,  and  made  many  minor 
ascents,  has  an  immense  advantage 
over  the  new  comer,  who  is  simply 
bewildered  by  the  enormous  extent 
and  complexity  of  the  mountain 
ranges  that  are  unrolled  before  him. 
Some  slight  idea  of  the  extent  of  the 
view  may  be  gathered  from  Herr 
Imfeld's  panorama  from  the  summit, 
published  in  outline  with  vol.  xxx.  of 

A  A  2 


356        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16. 


MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


the  '  Jahrbuch  '  of  the  Swiss  Alpine 
Club,  and  to  be  later  issued  in  a  more 
complete  form. 

2.  The  St.  Gervais  Route. — It  has 
been  already  remarked  that  this  route 
lies  along  the  crest  of  the  ridge  con- 
necting the  Aiguille  du  Gouter  with 
the  summit  of  Mont  Blanc. 

The  N.W.  face  of  the  Aiguille  du 
Gouter  is  formed  by  a  number  of 
very  steep  parallel  ridges  of  rock, 
with  couloirs  of  ice  or  frozen  snow 
between  them.  One  of  these  couloirs, 
broader  and  more  continuous  than 
the  rest,  stretches  from  near  the 
summit  of  the  Aiguille  to  the  French 
Bionnassay  gl. ,  which  lies  at  the 
W.  base  of  the  ridge.  None  of  the 
rocky  ridges  is  practicable  through- 
out from  the  base  to  the  summit,  and 
the  main  objection  to  this  route  arises 
from  the  necessity  of  passing  across 
the  great  central  couloir.  At  certain 
times,  especially  in  hot  weather  or 
after  a  storm,  this  may  involve 
some  risk,  especially  to  the  man 
engaged  in  cutting  steps  in  the  ice, 
owing  to  the  crumbling  condition  of 
the  top  of  the  ridge,  whence  stones  are 
constantly  detached  to  find  their  way 
into  the  couloir,  down  which  they 
are  discharged  with  formidable 
velocity. 

The  ascent  may  be  made  direct 
from  St.  Gervais  by  way  of  the 
hamlet  of  Bionnassay  and  the 
N.  bank  of  the  French  glacier  of  that 
name,  but  more  easily  from  the 
Pavilion  Belle vue,  above  the  Col  de 
Voza(Rte.  E).  Turning  to  the  S.E., 
a  faint  track  leads  along  steep  grass 
slopes  round  the  S.  flank  of  the 
Mont  Lachat  (2,111  m.,  6,926  ft.) 
The  old  route  traversed  round  the  S. 
base  of  the  ridge  of  Les  Rognes,  and 
then  mounted  in  order  to  rejoin  that 
now  usually  taken  near  the  foot  of  the 
Aiguille.  The  new  7-oute  (much 
shorter)  mounts  from  the  N.W.  foot 
of  Les  Rognes  to  its  E.  crest,  and 
crosses  it  towards  the  Tete  Ronsse 
(3,139  m.,  10,299  ft.),  which  is  left 
to  the  r.  in  order  to  mount  to  the 
small    Tete    Rousse    gl.  ;   this  is 


crossed  to  the  foot  of  the  great 
central  couloir  in  the  N.W.  face  of  the 
Aiguille.  The  rocks  on  the  r. 
bank  of  this  couloir  are  climbed  till 
it  is  traversed  about  half-way  up 
(stones  often  fall  here),  and  the  rocks 
on  the  other  bank  ascended  to  the 
wretched  wooden  hut,  3,819  m. , 
12,530  ft.  (now  rarely  used),  24  m. 
(79  ft.)  below  the  top  of  the  Aiguille. 
4  hrs.  or  less  suffice  to  go  from  the 
Pavilion  to  the  foot  of  the  Aiguille, 
which  may  be  climbed,  under  ordi- 
nary circumstances,  in  if-2^-  hrs. 
more,  according  to  the  state  of  the 
rocks. 

In  fine  weather  the  passage  of  the 
ridge  connecting  the  Aiguille  with  the 
Dome  du  Gouter  and  the  summit  of 
Mont  Blanc  offers  no  real  difficulty, 
and  it  is  not  easy  to  point  out  any 
other  route  at  nearly  so  great  a 
height  which  involves  so  little  labour 
either  in  ascending  or  descending. 
Fine  weather  is,  however,  indis- 
pensable, as  at  this  height  a  moderate 
wind  is  unbearable,  and  clouds  may 
make  it  impossible  to  follow  the  true 
direction.  This  alone  explains  the 
fact  that  the  completion  of  this  route, 
though  so  great  a  matter  of  interest, 
was  so  long  delayed,  ff-ii  hr. 
may  be  allowed  from  the  Aiguille  to 
the  Dome,  and  \  hr.  more  to 
M.  Vallot's  hut,  whence  it  is  \\  hr. 
by  route  1  (from  Chamonix)  to"  the 
summit.  The  summit  may,  therefore, 
be  gained  in  8|-9j  hrs.  or  so  from 
the  Pavilion  Bellevue. 

On  the  St.  Gervais  route  the  most 
laborious  and  difficult  part  of  the 
expedition  is  encountered  on  the  way 
up  the  Aiguille  du  Gouter.  The 
ascent  then  commands  distant  views, 
continually  increasing  in  grandeur 
and  extent,  and  the  summit  of  Mont 
Blanc  is  reached  without  fatigue. 
But  the  ascent  by  this  route  is  long 
unless  the  wretched  hut  on  the 
Aiguille  be  used.  On  the  other 
hand,  by  the  Chamonix  route  the  ice 
scenery  is  far  more  striking,  and  the 
inn  at  the  Grands  Mulets  is  a  good 
starting  point,  or  even  the  Vallot  hut 


ROUTE  B.    THE  ASCENT  OF  MONT  BLANC  357 


on  the  Bosses  ;  the  latter  is,  of 
course,  far  nearer  the  summit  than 
that  on  the  Aiguille,  while  the  inn  at 
the  Grands  Mulets,  though  more 
distant  than  either,  is  far  more 
comfortable. 

3.  The  Courmayeur  Routes. — 
With  the  single  exception  of  the  1863 
route  (mentioned  in  the  historical 
notice  of  Mont  Blanc  towards  the 
beginning  of  this  Route),  all  the 
ways  up  Mont  Blanc  from  Cour- 
mayeur lie  up  the  steep  Italian  side 
of  the  mountain,  by  one  or  other  of 
the  great  glaciers  that  stream  down 
that  side. 

For  the  1863  route  it  is  necessary 
to  sleep  in  a  poor  hut  (formerly  filled 
with  ice,  but  now  comfortable), 
3,564  m. ,  11,693  ft.,  near  the  S.  foot 
of  the  Aiguille  du  Midi,  and  about 
2J-3  hrs.  from  the  Col  du  Geant, 
unless  it  is  preferred  to  spend  the 
night  in  that  on  the  Col  du 
Geant  itself,  and  so  lengthen  the 
next  day's  journey.  From  the  Midi 
hut  the  traveller  must  mount  the 
crevassed  slopes  (or  the  rocks  on 
their  1.)  on  the  N.W.  face  of  the 
Mont  Blanc  du  Tacul  (4,249  m., 
13,941  ft.),  passing  just  below  its 
summit  (3  hrs.)  The  ridge  is  then 
followed  for  some  time,  then  a  very 
steep  snow  slope  ascended  to  a  point 
(4,360  m. ,  14,305  ft.),  half-way  up 
the  N.N.W.  arete  of  the  Mont 
Maudit  (3  hrs.),  whence  half  an 
hour's  easy  walk  leads  to  the  head 
of  the  Corridor,  or  Col  de  la  Brenva, 
where  Route  1.  b.  is  joined  and  the 
summit  gained  in  if  hr.  more.  (It  is 
possible,  but  much  time  is  lost 
thereby,  to  force  a  route  direct  from 
the  hut  on  the  Col  du  Geant  by  a 
difficult  couloir  between  the  Mont 
Blanc  du  Tacul  and  the  Mont 
Maudit,  but  the  first  party  took  about 
5f  hrs.  to  the  crest  between  these 
peaks. ) 

Apart  from  this  route,  and  some 
fanciful  variations  which  space  does 
not  allow  us  to  mention  in  these 
pages,  there  are  five  other  routes  from 
Courmayeur  up  the  Italian  side  of 


Mont  Blanc.  These  follow  more  or 
less  five  of  the  six  great  glaciers 
which  flow  down  from  Mont  Blanc  in 
a  S.  or  S.W.  direction.  They  may 
be  here  briefly  indicated  in  topo- 
graphical order,  but  none  of  them 
can  be  recommended  to  ordinary 
travellers,  save  hi.,  which  is  not 
free  from  the  danger  of  falling  stones, 
and  iv.,  which  is  now  the  way 
commonly  taken  by  those  who  make 
the  ascent  from  Courmayeur. 

(i. )  By  the  Brenva  Glacier. — This 
route  was  first  made  in  1865  by 
Messrs.  G.  S.  Mathews,  A.  W. 
Moore,  H.  and  F.  Walker,  with 
Melchior  and  Jacob  Anderegg.  It  is, 
perhaps,  the  most  dangerous  and 
difficult  route  yet  effected  up  the 
peak.  It  is  necessary  to.  bivouac 
5  hrs.  from  Courmayeur  on.  some- 
rocks,  then  to  traverse  the  very  cre- 
vassed upper  Brenva  gl.  to  the  foot  of 
a  great  buttress,  which  is  climbed  by 
couloirs  and  a  very  sharp  ice  or  snow 
arete  to  a  snowy  hollow  above, 
whence  either  the  Col  de  la  Brenva 
(or  head  of  the  Corridor),  4,333  m., 
14,217  ft.,  or  the  Petits  Mulcts 
(4,690  m.,  15,388  ft.)  may  be  easily 
attained.  10  or  1 1  hrs.'  walking  are 
required  from  the  bivouac. 

(ii. )  By  the  Fresnay  Glacier.  — This 
route  was  discovered  by  Mr.  Eccles, 
with  M.  C.  and  A.  Payot,  in  1877. 
It  has  this  peculiarity,  that  fr,om  be- 
ginning to  end  it  is  absolutely  inde- 
pendent of  any  other  of  the  routes 
up  Mont  Blanc.  The  small  Chdtelet 
gl.  must  be  crossed  to  gain  that  of 
Brouillard  (whence  the  direct  ascent 
to  Mont  Blanc  has  not  yet  been 
effected,  despite  several  attempts), 
and  then  the  difficult  Col  du  Fresnay 
traversed  to  reach  the  steep  upper 
slopes  of  the  Fresnay  gl.  Another 
steep  ascent  leads  to  the  opening 
between  the  Aiguille  Blanche  de 
Peteret^  4,109  m.,  13,482  ft.  (best 
ascended  hence)  and  Mont  Blanc  de 
Cour77iayeur  (4,753  m. ,  15,595  ft.) 
This  narrow  ridge  is  then  followed  to 
the  summit  of  the  last-named  peak, 
whence  the  top  of  Mont  Blanc  is 


358        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.   MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


gained  by  an  easy  snow  slope  in  \  hr. 
more.  The  first  party  took  8  hrs. 
50  min.  (largely  step-cutting)  from  a 
very  lofty  bivouac,  above  the  Col  du 
Fresnay,  and  many  hours  distant  from 
Courmayeur. 

(iii.)  By  the  Mo7it  Blanc  Glacier. — 
This  is  the  most  easterly  of  the 
three  great  glaciers  that  flow  down 
S.W.  from  Mont  Blanc  (see  Rte.  G) 
to  join  the  Italian  Miage  gl.  Mr.  T. 
S.  Kennedy,  with  J.  Fischer  and 
J.  A,  Carrel,  accomplished  the  ascent 
by  means  of  it  in  1872,  and  it  was 
long  thought  to  be  the  best  route 
from  the  Courmayeur  side,  despite 
the  risk  of  falling  stones.  The  pre- 
vious night  must  be  spent  at  the 
Quintino  Sella  Club  hut  (3,107  m., 
10,194  ft.)>  above  the  right  bank  of 
the  gl. ,  and  7  hrs.  from  Courmayeur. 
The  head  of  the  Mont  Blanc  gl.  is 
reached  thence,  and  a  great  rock  and 
snow  arete  followed  to  the  Bosses 
ridge,  \  hr.  below  the  summit 
(7^-  hrs.  from  the  hut  by  this  route). 
There  are  no  great  difficulties  on  this 
route,  but  stones  often  fall. 

(iv. )  By  the  Do7ne  Glacier. — This  is 
the  central  of  the  three  great  glaciers 
flowing  to  the  S.W.  from  Mont 
Blanc,  and  up  it  lies  the  now  usual 
route  from  Courmayeur.  There  is  an 
-excellent  shelter  for  the  night  in  the 
shape  of  the  Dome  Club  but  (c.  3,200 
m.,  10,499  ft.),  on  the  r.  bank  of  the 
glacier,  and  about  6^  hrs.  from  Cour- 
mayeur. The  Col  de  Miage  (Rte.  G) 
route  is  followed  to  the  foot  of  the  rocky 
spur  between  the  Dome  gl.  and  the 
Italian  Bionnassay  gl.  to  the  W. 
(5  hrs.)  These  are  then  climbed  to 
some  pastures,  whence  the  hut  is 
reached  by  crossing  a  snow  field. 
The  E.  branch  of  the  D6?7ie  gl.  was 
first  desce7ided  from  the  Dome  du 
Gouter  in  1865,  by  Messrs.  E.  N. 
Buxton,  F.  C.  Grove,  and  R.  J.  S. 
Macdonald,  with  Jacob  Anderegg, 
J.  P.  Cachat,  and  P.  Taugwalder, 
jr.,  and  first  asce7ided  in  1868,  on 
the  way  to  the  Dome  and  so  to  Mont 
Blanc,  by  Mr.  F.  A.  G.  Brown, 
with  Julien  Grange,  D.  Chabod,  and 


J.  F.  Lalle.  But  a  better  way  up  the 
W.  bra7ich  was  struck  out  in  1890 
by  Signori  A.  Ratti,  Grasselli,  and 
Bonin,  with  J.  Gadin  and  A.  Pro- 
ment,  and  this  way  is  now  always 
taken.  From  the  hut  this  branch, 
which,  though  steep  and  crevassed, 
offers  no  extraordinary  difficulties,  is 
mounted  to  the  gap  at  the  N.  end  of 
the  Aiguilles  Grises  ridge,  and  S.  of 
the  junction  of  that  ridge  with  the 
great  arete  running  up  from  the  Col 
de  Bionnassay  (3J  hrs.)  In  a  few 
minutes  the  last-named  ridge  is 
gained  about  200  ft.  above  the  Col  de 
Bionnassay  (3,940  m. ,  12,927  ft.), 
and  henceforth  followed.  It  is  narrow 
in  one  spot,  but  not  remarkably  so, 
though  it  is  corniced.  In  this  way 
the  broad  snow  saddle  just  S.E.  of  the 
Dome  is  gained  in  2  hrs. ,  and  thence 
in  20  min.  more  the  Vallot  hut, 
i\  hr.  below  the  summit,  which  is 
thus  about  7  hrs.  or  less  from  the 
Dome  hut  under  favourable  circum- 
stances. 

(v.)  By  the  Italia7t  Bio7i7iassay 
Glacier. — This  is  the  most  westerly 
of  the  three  great  glaciers  flowing 
S.W.  from  Mont  Blanc.  It  descends 
in  an  icefall,  which  must  be  climbed 
to  join  route  iv.  at  the  point  where  it 
strikes  the  Bionnassay  arete.  This 
route  was  taken  in  part  by  Messrs. 
Adams -Reilly  and  J.  Birkbeck,  with 
M.  Croz,  M.  C.  Payot,  and  M. 
Tairraz,  in  1864,  who  gained  the 
glacier  above  the  icefall  by  a  traverse 
from  the  Col  de  Miage,  and  also  as 
far  as  the  Dome  by  M.  Vignon  in 
1885,  but  it  was  not  till  1889  that 
Signori  Martelli  and  Gonella,  with 
three  friends  and  six  guides,  took  it 
as  a  route  up  Mont  Blanc.  It  is  far 
more  circuitous  than  route  iv. ,  which 
has,  too,  the  advantage  of  a  good 
Club  hut. 


ROUTE  C.    THE  CHAMONIX  AIGUILLES 


359 


Route  C. 

THE  CHAMONIX  AIGUILLES. 

It  was  pointed  out  in  the  Intro- 
duction to  this  Section  that  in  the 
Mont  Blanc  range  the  characteristic 
form  of  sharp  pinnacle  which  has  re- 
ceived the  name  of  Aiguille  is  to  be 
seen  in  great  perfection.  The  back- 
bone of  that  range  is  composed, 
speaking  generally,  of  protogine. 
This  rock  was  for  long  a  perplexity 
to  geologists,  but  is  now  admitted  to 
be  a  fairly  coarse  granite,  in  which, 
however,  certain  structures  have  been 
produced  by  pressure,  followed  by 
some  mineral  changes  ;  in  other 
words,  the  rock  has  assumed  a  slight 
foliation.  To  this  structure  the  cha- 
racteristic scenery  of  the  Chamonix 
Aiguilles  is  due  ;  their  rock  weathers 
into  jagged  teeth  and  spires,  instead 
of  into  the  huge  'tors,5  or  cuboidal 
blocks,  like  ruined  masonry,  which 
are  more  characteristic  features  of 
ordinary  granite. 

Historically  the  term  '  Aiguille  '  is, 
not  unnaturally,  first  used  of  the  Dm 
(1742),  but  by  1785,  at  least,  it  was 
specially  applied  to  the  five  which 
are  par  excellence  the  '  Aiguilles  of 
Chamonix,'  as  they  overhang  the  E. 
side  of  the  valley — viz.  Midi,  Plan, 
Blaitiere,  Grepon,  and  Cha~rmoz. 
Later  (by  the  end  of  the  eighteenth 
century)  the  name  was  given  to  many 
other  peaks  of  the  range,  and  it  is  said 
that  at  present  nearly  sixty  points 
are  so  entitled.  In  this  Section  we 
include,  for  the  sake  of  convenience, 
the  score  or  so  of  peaks  (a  few  of 
which  do  not  bear  the  title  of  Aiguille) 
which  rise  round  the  Mer  de  Glace 
and  its  tributary  glaciers — in  other 
words,  those  between  the  mass  of 
Mont  Blanc  itself  and  the  Argentiere 
glacier.  (The  rest  of  the  Aiguilles 
will  be  more  appropriately  described 
in  other  Routes,  in  connection  with 
the  passes  near  which  they  are 
situated. ) 

The  history  of  early  mountaineering 
in  the  Mont  Blanc  range  is  the  history 


of  repeated  ascents  of  Mont  Blanc. 
The  first  of  the  Chamonix  Aiguilles 
(in  the  sense  in  which  that  name  will 
be  used  henceforth  in  this  Section)  to 
fall  was  the  Midi,  in  1856,  but  most  of 
the  others  were  not  conquered  till  the 
seventies,  a  few  even  holding  out  till 
the  early  eighties.  This  is  doubtless 
due  to  the  look  of  inaccessibility 
about  most  of  these  Aiguilles,  which 
served  to  keep  their  admirers  at  their 
feet.  For  the  sake  of  convenience, 
the  Chamonix  Aiguilles  to  be  de- 
scribed in  outline  in  this  Section  may 
be  divided  into  three  groups  :  — 

1.  Those  W.  of  the  Monte?ivers. — 
This  head  includes  the  five  great 
Aiguilles  —  Midi,  Plan,  Blaitiere, 
Grepon,  and  Charmoz.  With  the 
exception  of  the  Dru,  and  the  Verte, 
these  are  the  best  known,  and  for 
that  reason  of  the  greatest  historical 
importance.  On  this  group  (besides 
the  Guide  of  M.  Kurz)  the  mono- 
graph (with  a  map)  by  MM.  Vallot, 
in  vol.  xxi.  (1894)  of  the  '  Annuaire ' 
of  the  French  Alpine  Club '  should 
be  consulted. 

2.  Those  E.  and  S.E.  of  the  Mont- 
ejivers. — These  include  the  Dru,  the 
Moine,  the  Verte,  the  Droiies 
(4,030  m.,  13,222  ft.),  the  Courtes 
(3,855  m.,  12,648ft.),  the  Triolet,  the 
Tatifre  (3,739  m.,  12,268  ft),  the 
Eboulement  (3,609  m. ,  1 1,841  ft. ),  and 
the  Leschaux  (3,770  m.,  12,369  ft.) 
With  three  exceptions  they  all  rise 
round  the  great  Talefre  glacier,  the 
easternmost  feeder  of  the  Mer  de 
Glace  ;  but  four  only  (those  not 
having  heights  above)  need  be  de- 
scribed in  these  pages. 

3.  Those  S.  of  the  Montenvers.  — 
This  group  takes  in  the  Grandes 
and  the  Petites  Jorasses,  the  Kochefo7'ty 
the  Mont  Mallet,  the  Periades,  the 
Aiguille  du  Tacul,  and  the  Geant. 

Minute  details  as  to  the  routes  up 
all  these  peaks  will  be  found  in  M. 
Kurz's  Guidebook,  mentioned  in 
the  Introduction  to  this  Section,  for 
the  limits  of  space  do  not  permit 
more  than  a  general  description  in 
I  this  work. 


36o        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.   MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


(i.)  The  Aiguilles  W.  of  the  Mont- 
envers.— First  in  topographical  order 
comes  the  Aig.  du  Midi  (3,843  m., 
12, 608  ft.),  which  was  also  the  first 
of  the  Chamonix  Aiguilles  to  be  suc- 
cessfully attacked.  As  far  back  as 
2818  a  Polish  gentleman,  Count 
Matzewski,  with  six  guides,  reached 
the  N.  and  lower  summit  (3,783 
m.,  12,412  ft.),  and  in  1856  the 
guides  of  Count  Ferdinand  de  Bouille 
scaled  the  higher  peak  (3,843  m., 
12,608  ft.)  The  reason  of  these 
early  attacks  is  probably  due  to  the 
fact  that  the  Midi  stands  immediately 
above  Chamonix,  close  to  the  usual 
route  taken  on  the  ascent  of  Mont 
Blanc,  while  the  great  snow  basin, 
now  called  the  Vallee  Blanche,  at  its 
E.  foot,  seemed  to  offer  an  even  more 
direct  route  up  Mont  Blanc,  though, 
as  was  seen  in  the  last  Route,  this 
was  only  achieved  in  1863,  a  party 
in  1855  having  stopped  when  they 
had  accomplished  all  the  novel  part 
of  the  route.  The  S.  peak  is  that 
usually  climbed,  and  may  be  gained 
in  7  \  hrs.  from  the  Montenvers,  or  in 
3|  hrs.  from  the  Col  du  Geant.  The 
ordinary  route  is  from  the  Vallee 
Blanche  by  the  N.E.  arete,  and  the 
good  firm  rocks  of  the  E.  face.  The 
Aig.  du  Plan  (3,673  m.,  12,051  ft.), 
first  reached  in  1871  by  Messrs.  Ec- 
cles  and  Tideman,  is  rarely  climbed. 
It  is  gained  by  leaving  the  Col  du 
Geant  route  at  the  foot  of  the  seracs, 
then  mounting  by  the  Plaji  glacier, 
N.  of  the  Petit  Rognon,  to  the  snowy 
gap  to  the  W.  of  the  peak,  and  then  up 
the  final  rocks  on  the  Chamonix  side 
(7  hrs.  from  the  Montenvers).  The 
ascent  of  the  Aiguille  de  Blaitiere 
(3,520  m.,  11,549  ft.),  unlike  that  of 
the  two  just  described,  is  made  on  its 
N.  side  from  the  Nantillo7is  glacier. 
From  the  snowy  opening  between  the 
two  points  (gained  by  a  rock  ridge  on 
the  1.  of  the  great  snow  or  ice  cur- 
tain falling  to  the  Nantillons  glacier) 
the  lower  summit,  that  to  the  N. 
(3,504  m.,  11,497  ft.),  the  only  one 
seen  from  Chamonix,  is  reached  in 
\  hr.,  but  I  hr.  is  required  to  scale 


the  much  harder  S.  summit,  first  at- 
tained by  Mr.  E.  R.  Whitwell,  in 
1874  (7  hrs.  from  the  Montenvers). 

The  two  remaining  Aiguilles  of  this 
group  are  at  its  E.  extremity,  and 
their  nomenclature  has  been  a  source 
of  great  confusion.  Formerly  they 
were  both  called  Charmoz,  being 
distinguished  as  the  N.  and  S. 
Summits,  and  this  is  their  name  in 
Alpine  history.  But  Herr  Imfeld's 
map  (which  will,  no  doubt,  fix  the 
nomenclature  of  the  range)  has 
adopted  the  local  usage,  according 
to  which  the  name  Grepon  (formerly 
given  to  the  summit  2,868  m. — 
9,410  ft. — now  called  the  Petits 
Charmoz — see  Rte.  A.  Excursion  6), 
is  given  to  the  S.  summit,  the  name 
Charmoz  (with  the  prefix  '  Grands  ') 
being  reserved  for  the  N.  summit. 
The  Aig.  de  Grepon  (3,489  m., 
11,447  ft.)  is  probably  the  most  strik- 
ing feature  in  the  view  from  the 
I  Grands  Charmoz,  as  it  thence  presents 
!  an  extraordinarily  precipitous  and  fan- 
i  tastic  appearance,  though  rearing 
;  itself  not  very  many  yards  away  to 
I  the  S.  Any  one  who  has  seen  it  from 
;  that  point  can  easily  understand  that 
it  defied  all  attacks  till  188 1,  when 
I  it  was  conquered  by  Mr.  A.  F. 
Mummery,  with  Alexander  Burgener 
and  Benedict  Venetz.  In  shape  the 
mountain  may  be  compared  to  an 
upright  tombstone.  Like  the  Grands 
Charmoz,  it  has  no  well-defined  top, 
the  summit  ridge  resembling  a  great 
comb,  with  gigantic  teeth  sticking 
up.  The  last  tooth  but  one  to  the  S. 
is  the  highest  point,  but  is  only  5  or  6  ft. 
loftier  than  the  northernmost  tooth. 
Mr.  Mummery  and  his  guides  climbed 
from  the  Nantillons  glacier  up  the 
great  couloir  between  the  Grepon 
and  the  Charmoz  to  its  head,  then 
bore  to  the  r.  up  a  small  couloir, 
in  which  ice  is  often  found,  clam- 
bered up  a  difficult  rock  chimney, 
passed  through  a  hole  on  to  the  face 
overlooking  the  Mer  de  Glace,  and  so 
attained  the  N.  tooth  (August  3, 
1 88 1 ).  On  their  return  to  Chamonix, 
!   with  the  mountain  in  full  view,  they 


ROUTE  C.    THE  CH. 


AMONIX  AIGUILLES 


36i 


thought  that  the  more  southerly  tooth 
looked  higher.  So  or  August  5, 
1 88 1,  they  repeated  their  former 
climb,  traversed  the  whole  summit 
ridge,  and  gained  the  real  culminating 
point.  Between  the  two  summits 
there  is  an  almost  sheer  drop  of  about 
60  ft.,  which  can  only  be  passed  by 
means  of  an  extra  rope.  The 
highest  summit  was  not  again  scaled 
till  1885,  when  M.  Dunod,  with 
Francois  and  Gaspard  Simond,  and 
Auguste  Tairraz,  stormed  it  by  the 
S.W.  arete,  a  route  quite  as  difficult 
as  that  by  the  N.  arete.  By  either 
route  8-9  hrs.  are  required  from  the 
Montenvers  to  the  top. 

The  Aiguille  des  Grands  Charmoz 
(3,442  m.,  11,293  ft.)  was  also  first 
climbed  in  1880  by  Mr.  Mummery, 
with  the  same  gu  des  as  in  1881. 
The  ascent  is  easier  than  that  of  the 
Grepon,  but  it  is  none  the  less  one  of 
the  most  interesting  rock  climbs 
which  can  be  made  from  the  Mont- 
envers. It  is  still  rather  doubtful  if 
the  S.most  tooth  but  one  or  the 
central  tooth  is  the  higher,  probably 
the  former.  Mr.  Mummery  from  the 
Nantillons  glacier  climbed  up  the  W. 
face  to  the  N.most  gap  in  the  ridge, 
and  then  went  along  the  crest  to  the 
central  tooth.  The  S.  peak  is  more 
easily  gained  by  way  of  the  great  coul- 
oir between  the  Grepon  and  the 
Charmoz,  then  traversing  the  W.  face 
in  a  N.  direction  till  immediately 
below  the  highest  point.  The  entire 
ridge  may  be  traversed  in  either 
direction  in  2  or  3  hrs.,  and  this 
forms  a  delightful  day's  scramble. 
About  6  hrs.  from  the  Montenvers 
are  required  to  the  summit. 

(ii. )  The  Aiguilles  E.  and  S.E.  of 
tke  Montenvers. — In  this  group  the 
Verte  and  the  Dru  are  the  most 
important  from  an  historical  point  of 
view,  but  some  of  the  other  peaks 
offer  great  attractions  to  the  active 
mountaineer.  The  ascent  of  the 
Aiguille  Verte  in  1865  broke  the 
spell  hitherto  surrounding  the  more 
difficult  of  the  Chamonix  Aiguilles. 
Backed  by  the  great  mass  of  Mont 


Blanc,  the  Aiguille  Verte  is  often  lost 
in  the  view  from  the  Bernese  Ober- 
land  and  Zermatt  mountains,  though 
from  a  nearer  standpoint — e.g.  the 
Col  de  Balme — its  size  and  beauty  can 
be  fully  appreciated.  Perhaps  it 
looks  grandest  from  the  Jura,  or  from 
just  above  Geneva  itself,  whence,  next 
to  Mont  Blanc,  it  is  by  far  the  most 
conspicuous  object  in  the  whole  range. 
The  conquest  of  the  Dru  in  1878 
settled  in  the  negative  the  vexed 
question  whether  the  obelisk  gazed  at 
from  the  Montenvers  by  thousands  of 
tourists  was  the  real  summit.  It 
proved  further  that  the  real  summit 
(or  Grand  Dru)  is  visible  from 
Chamonix,  appearing  as  a  rocky 
point  sticking  out  on  the  ridge  of  the 
peak  now  called  the  Petit  Dru.  The 
lower  point  was  climbed  a  year  later 
than  the  higher,  and  proved  to  be  the 
more  difficult,  but  the  ropes  and  iron 
stanchions  which  now  adorn  both 
peaks  have  sensibly  diminished  the 
difficulties  encountered  by  the  early 
explorers. 

The  Grand  Bru  (3,755  m. , 
12,320  ft.)  was  conquered  in  1878  by 
Messrs.  C.  T.  Dent  and  J.  W. 
Hartley,  with  Alexander  Burgener 
and  K.  Maurer.  Mr.  Dent's  long- 
continued  and  persevering  efforts 
thus  met  with  their  due  reward.  No 
new  way  has  since  been  discovered, 
save  over  the  Petit  Dru.  From  the 
Charfioua  glacier  it  is  necessary  to 
climb  by  a  couloir  the  rock  curtain 
between  the  peak  and  the  buttress 
of  the  Aiguille  Verte  nearly  to,  but 
to  the  I.  of,  the  gap  between  those 
two  points.  By  means  of  a  ladder, 
placed  across  a  deep  gully,  the  first 
party  got  on  to  the  mountain  itself, 
traversed  the  S.  face  for  a  short 
distance,  then  forced  their  way  up  by 
some  steep  and  difficult  rock  couloirs. 
The  E.  arete  was  struck  a  little  way 
below  the  top  (9- 10  hrs.  from  the 
Montenvers  to  the  summit). 

The  Petit  Dru  (3, 7  32  m.,  12, 245  ft.) 
was  first  reached  in  1879  by  M. 
Charlet-Straton,  with  P.  Payot  and 
F.    Folliguet.    The   route  diverges 


362        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


from  that  up  the  Grand  Dru  at  the 
head  of  the  Charpoua  glacier,  and 
never  rejoins  it.  The  W.  ridge, 
whence  the  Montenvers  is  in  full 
view,  is  next  reached  by  an  easy 
couloir,  and  followed  to  the  point 
at  which  it  abuts  on  the  peak 
itself.  Hence  the  magnificent  preci- 
pice which  forms  such  a  striking 
object  from  the  Montenvers  is  seen 
from  top  to  bottom,  at  the  distance  of 
a  mere  stone's  throw.  A  succession 
of  steep  and  difficult  chimneys  remain 
to  be  climbed  before  the  summit  is 
attained  in  10  hrs.  from  the  Monten- 
vers. This  is  a  long  and  fatiguing 
expedition.  The  traverse  from  one 
summit  to  the  other  was  first  made  by 
M.  Dunod  in  1887.  It  takes  3  hrs., 
as  the  wall  of  the  Grand  Dru  above 
the  gap  between  the  two  summits  is 
exceedingly  steep,  so  that  80  yds.  of 
extra  rope  are  required. 

The  Aiguille  Yerte  (4,127  m., 
13,541  ft.)  was  first  ascended  in  1865 
by  Mr.  E,  Whymper,  with  Christian 
Aimer  and  Franz  Biener.  This  party 
mounted  a  smaller  couloir  on  the  E. 
of  the  great  one  which  runs  up  from 
the  Talefre  glacier  to  the  E.  arete  of  the 
peak,  crossed  the  great  couloir,  and 
were  driven  more  and  more  to  the  1. 
till  they  gained  the  ridge  falling  to- 
wards the  Aiguille  du  Moine,  by 
which  the  summit  was  attained  in 

hrs.  from  a  bivouac  on  the  rocks 
of  the  Couvercle.  It  is  now  more 
usual  to  mount  the  great  couloir  direct 
to  the  E.  arete,  40  min.  along  which 
leads  to  the  top.  It  is  safer  and 
better  in  every  way,  however,  to 
climb  straight  up  the  rocks  on  the 
W.  bank  of  the  great  couloir  direct  to 
the  summit  of  the  peak,  or  to  strike 
the  S.W.  arete  quite  low  down,  and 
to  follow  it  nearly  in  its  entire  length. 
Falling  stones  abound  on  this  moun- 
tain, which  is,  therefore,  but  rarely 
ascended. 

The  Aiguille  du  Moine  (3,413  m. , 
11,198  ft. )  is  not  a  specially  difficult 
climb,  and  may  be  gained  in  6  hrs. 
from  the  Montenvers  by  a  gully  in  the 
S.  rocky  face,  running  from  the  Moine 


glacier  nearly  to  the  top  of  the 
peak. 

The  Aigtalle  de  Triolet  (3,876  m., 
12,717  ft.)  stands  on  the  outskirts  of 
the  district  described  in  this  Route, 
and  commands  a  most  magnificent 
view.  It  was  first  ascended  in  1874 
by  Mr.  J.  A.  Garth  Marshall,  with 
Joh.  Fischer  and  Ulrich  Aimer,  from 
the  E.  It  seems  probable  that  there 
are  no  obstacles  which  would  defeat 
an  attempt  from  the  Col  de  Triolet, 
but  it  has  not  yet  been  done  thence, 
so  that  at  present  this  Aiguille  cannot 
be  reckoned  among  those  accessible 
from  the  Montenvers. 

(hi. )  The  Aiguilles  on  the  S.  of  the 
Montenvers.  —  In  this  group  the 
Aiguille  du  Geant,  as  a  rock  pinnacle 
which  long  seemed  quite  inaccessible, 
and  the  Aiguille  du  Tacul,  one  of  the 
finest  points  of  view  in  the  whole  dis- 
trict, are  particularly  worthy  of  note. 
As  yet  the  loftiest  of  the  peaks  in- 
cluded in  this  group,  though  one  of 
the  most  conspicuous  from  the  Mont- 
envers, the  Grandes  Jorasses (4,205  m., 
1 3, 797  ft-),  like  its  neighbour  the 
Petit es  Jorasses  (3,658  m.,  12,002  ft.), 
has  only  been  climbed  from  the 
Italian  side,  so  that  they  must  be 
reckoned  among  the  ascents  to  be 
made  from  Courmayeur. 

The  Mont  Mallet  (3,988  m. ,  13,085 
ft. )  is  situated  a  little  to  the  N.  of  the 
main  watershed,  on  the  ridge  between 
the  Aiguille  de  Rochefort  and  the 
Aiguille  du  Tacul,  and  is  an  admirable 
point  of  view.  It  was  first  attained 
in  1 87 1  by  Messrs.  Leslie  Stephen, 
Wallroth,  and  Loppe,  with  Melchior 
Anderegg  and  two  Chamonix  guides. 
The  ascent  takes  8  hrs.  from  the 
Montenvers,  and  is  effected  by  way  of 
the  Mont  Mallet  glacier  and  the 
N.N.E.  arete,  gained  from  that 
glacier.  Another,  perhaps  more 
direct,  route  is  to  gain  the  N.  arete 
either  from  the  Mont  Mallet  glacier, 
on  the  E. ,  or  from  the  Periades  gla- 
cier, on  the  N.W.  It  is  an  interesting 
excursion  to  ascend  from  one  glacier 
J  and  to  descend  to  the  other.  If  time 
I   allows  it  is  well  worth  while  to  follow 


ROUTE  C.    THE  CHAMONIX  AIGUILLES 


363 


the   ridge   S.  for  40  min.    to  the 

Aiguille  de  Rochefort  (4,003  m., 
13,134  ft.),  whence  the  view  over 
Italy  is  exceedingly  fine. 

The  Aiguille  du  Tacul  (3,438  m., 
11,280  ft.)  is  famed  for  its  marvellous 
view,  as  it  rises  in  the  very  centre  of 
this  district,  at  the  N.  end  of  the  great 
spur  running  N.  from  the  Aiguille  de 
Rochefort,  between  the  Geant  (or 
Tacul)  and  the  Leschaux  glaciers.  It 
may  be  ascended  from  the  N.W.  by 
the  ridge  stretching  up  from  near  the 
Tacul  lake,  from  the  S.W.  by  the 
couloir  running  up  to  the  ridge  be- 
tween the  peak  and  Les  Periades  on 
the  S.,  and  from  the  E.  by  the 
Capucin  glacier,  between  the  peak 
and  the  Capucin  rocks.  5  or  6  hrs. 
suffice  to  reach  the  summit  from  the 
Montenvers,  and  it  is  an  excursion 
much  to  be  recommended. 

The  Periades  (3,491  m.,  11,454  ft.) 
rises  just  S.  of  the  Aiguille  du 
Tacul,  and  can  be  gained  from  the 
Montenvers,  by  the  rocks  of  its  E.  or 
W.  face,  in  6-7  hrs. 

The  Aiguille  du  Greant  (4,014  m. , 
13,170  ft. )  long  defied  all  attacks,  and 
was  only  finally  conquered  in  1882  by 
driving  iron  stanchions,  for  hand  and 
foot  hold,  into  the  most  difficult  bits 
of  rock.  Now  it  is  so  festooned  with 
ropes  that  for  a  party  of  competent 
mountaineers  the  ascent  presents, 
under  favourable  conditions,  no  diffi- 
culty whatever.  From  the  hut  on  the 
Col  du  Geant  the  would-be  climber 
must  bear  N.E.,  and  ascend  over 
rocks  and  snow  patches  to  the  S.W. 
foot  of  the  peak.  A  ledge,  and  then 
a  chimney,  lead  round  to  the  foot  of 
the  slabs  on  the  N.  called  the 
'  Shoulder. '  The  first  slab  is  over- 
come by  means  of  a  fixed  rope,  after 
which  a  short  traverse  to  the  1.  lands 
the  clamberer  in  another  chimney, 
where  he  finds  another  rope  to  assist 
him.  A  difficult  traverse  leads  back 
to  the  face  overlooking  the  Col  du 
Geant,  and  here  once  more  fixed 
ropes  are  of  great  help,  and  lead 
straight  up  the  steep  slabs  to  the  N. 
Summit  (3J  hrs.  from  the  hut),  which 


is  about  6  ft.  lower  than  the  S. 
Summit,  gained  thence  in  \  hr.  It  is 
wise  not  to  start  too  early  from  the 
hut,  so  as  to  give  the  sun  time  to 
warm  the  rocks,  and  to  melt  any  ice 
which  may  have  formed  in  the  course 
of  the  preceding  night  on  the  fixed 
ropes. 

The  N.  Summit  was  first  reached, 
in  July  1882,  by  the  four  Signori 
Sella,  with  J.  J. ,  J.  B. ,  and  Daniel 
Maquignaz.  Three  weeks  later  Mr. 
W.  W.  Graham,  with  A.  Payot  and 
A.  Cupelin,  profited  by  the  iron 
stanchions  left  by  the  first  party  to 
repeat  the  ascent,  and  went  on  to  the 
higher  S.  Summit,  the  culminating 
point  of  the  Aiguille,  of  which,  there- 
fore, this  was  the  first  ascent.  Of  late 
years,  specially  on  the  Italian  side, 
the  prefix  '  Dent '  has  been  given  to 
this  peak,  but  this  term  is  unknown 
in  the  Mont  Blanc  district  and  in 
Alpine  history,  and  the  name  '  Aiguille 
du  Geant,'  or  '  Le  Geant,'  occurs  in 
all  the  early  writers,  from  Saussure 
onwards.  It  should  be  noted  that 
the  name  '  Geant 5  has  always  be- 
longed to  this  peak,  and  has  nothing 
to  do,  as  might  be  supposed,  with 
Mont  Blanc  itself. 


Route  Dk 

CHAMONIX  TO  COURMAYEUR  BY  THE 
COL  DU  GEANT  AND  OTHER 
PASSES  FROM  THE  MONTENVERS. 

The  Col  du  Geant  long  ranked  as 
the  only  pass  across  the  range  of 
Mont  Blanc,  and  as  the  highest  in 
the  Alps.  Recent  explorers  have, 
however,  so  much  enlarged  the  list 
of  practicable  passes  that  this  has 
had  to  yield  to  numerous  competitors. 
It  has,  however,  lost  none  of  its 
attraction  for  the  lover  of  grand 
scenery,  and  there  are  few  excursions 
that,  within  the  compass  of  a  single 
day's  walk,  initiate  the  traveller  so 


364        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


thoroughly  into  the  wonders  and 
beauties  of  the  ice  world. 

In  a  most  interesting  account  of 
the  passes  in  the  Aosta  valley,  being 
a  report  made  in  1 69 1 -4  by  Filiberto 
Amadeo  Arnod,  an  official  of  the 
duke  of  Savoy,  mention  is  made  of 
the  then  existing  tradition  of  a  passage 
from  Courmayeur  by  the  Mont  Frety 
glaciers  to  Chamonix,  but  Arnod's 
attempt  in  1689  to  force  his  way  over 
failed  because  of  the  huge  crevasses  ; 
the  same  reason  was  given  in 
1 74 1  to  Windham  and  in  1742  to 
Martel  by  their  Chamonix  guides  for 
the  abandonment  of  this  old  pass.  It 
seems  to  have  been  certainly  tra- 
versed about  1740  or  so  by  one  Ribel, 
a  messenger,  carrying  letters  from 
Geneva  to  Turin  ;  but  the  first 
authentic  passage,  at  least  by  a 
traveller,  was  that  effected  by  an 
Englishman  named  Hill,  with  Marie 
Couttet  and  P.  Balmat,  in  1786.  It 
was  crossed  twice  in  1787  by  Bourrit, 
then  by  Exchaquet,  and  became 
famous  and  well  known  after  Saussure 
encamped  there  for  seventeen  days, 
July3-I9,  1788,  making  observations. 

About  a  dozen  other  passes  are 
now  known  by  which  the  traveller 
may  go  from  the  Montenvers  to 
Courmayeur,  but,  with  three  or  four 
exceptions,  they  possess  no  advantages 
likely  to  recommend  them  to  any 
save  climbers  seeking  a  variation  on 
the  usual  way. 

In  taking  the  Col  du  Geant  2  hrs. 
are  saved  by  sleeping  either  at  the 
Montenvers  Hotel,  on  the  Chamonix 
side,  or  at  the  Mont  Frety  inn,  on 
the  Courmayeur  side.  There  is  also 
a  Club  hut,  affording  shelter  for 
twenty  persons,  on  the  crest  of  the 
pass  itself.  Constant  liability  to 
change  is  the  familiar  characteristic 
of  the  glacier  regions,  and  this  especi- 
ally holds  good  of  the  Col  du  Geant. 
In  fine  weather  the  expedition  in- 
volves no  risk  other  than  those  which 
everywhere  in  the  Alps  attend  the 
neglect  of  well-known  precautions. 
The  accident  which  in  i860  cost  the 
lives  of  three  English  travellers  and 


I  one  guide  might  just  as  well  have 
occurred  in  many  places  often  visited 
by  strangers. 

From  the  Montenvers  the  way  to 
the  Col  du    Geant,  as  far  as  the 
junction  of  the  Geant  and  Leschaux 
glaciers,  is  the  same  as  that  to  the 
Jar  din  (Rte.  A.  Excursion  5).  At 
this  point  it  becomes  necessary  to 
bear  S.,  and,  leaving   the  Aig.  du 
Tacul  on  the  L,  the  traveller  finds 
I  himself,  in  about  2f  hrs.  from  the 
Hotel,  face  to  face  with  the  grand 
icefall  of  the  Geant  glacier,  which 
has  been  likened  to  1  the  foam  of  ten 
Niagaras  placed   end   to   end  and 
stiffened  into  rest.'     This  great  ice 
;   cascade    exhibits   on   the  grandest 
scale  that  peculiar  condition  of  the 
i   ice    for    which     Saussure's  name, 
j   seracs  (taken  from  a  stage  in  the 
i   process  of  cheese-making),  has  been 
retained  (see  the  General  Introduc- 
tion, article  on  Glaciers).    The  vast 
mass  of  neve  that  is  accumulated  in 
the   basin,    of    which   the  highest 
summits  are   the    Mont   Blanc  du 
Tacul  (4,249  m«,  13,941  ft.)  and  the 
Aiguille  du  Midi  (3,843  m. ,  12,609  ft. ) 
I   on  the  W.,  and   the   Aiguille  du 
i   Geant  (4,014  m.,  13,170  ft.)  on  the 
I   E. ,  descends  through  the  compara- 
tively narrow  opening  between  the 
j   rocks  of  La  Noire — one  of  the  main 
,   buttresses  of  the  last-named  peak — 
and  an  island  of  rock,  called  the 
Petit  Rognon)  on  the  opposite  side  of 
;   the  glacier.     The  usual  route  is  to 
1   ascend  by  the  W.  side  of  the  icefall, 
passing  close  by  the  Petit  Rognon, 
I   though  it  occasionally  happens  that 
it  is  easier  to  go  by  the  E.  side,  or 
even  over  the  lower  rocks  of  La 
Noire.     But  it  should  be  borne  in 
I  mind  that  on  the  E.  side  there  is 
!   some  danger  of  falling  stones  and 
avalanches.    Soon  after  passing  the 
icefall  the  great  upper  plateau  of  the 
Geant  glacier  is  crossed,  the  rock 
known  as  La  Vierge  being  left  on 
the  r. ,  and  by  easy  snow  slopes  the 
depression    between    the  Aiguilles 
j  Marbrees  on  the  N.E.  and  the  Flam- 
j  beaux  on  the  W.  is  gained.  This 


ROUTE  D.    CHAMONIX  TO  COURMAYEUR 


365 


is  the  Col  du  Geant  (3,371  m., 
11,060  ft.),  attained  in  6-7  hrs.  from 
the  Montenvers. 

j£For  the  Aiguille  du  Geant  see 
Rtes.  C  and  E,  and  for  the  Tour 
Ronde  Rte.  E.J 

The  view  from  the  pass  is  very  fine, 
so  that  the  traveller  who  has  left  the 
Montenvers  before  daylight  is  amply 
repaid  for  his  exertions  if  he  is 
fortunate  enough  to  have  reached  the 
top  before  clouds  have  gathered  on 
the  Italian  side. 

It  does  not,  however,  remind  the 
traveller  that  he  is  standing  on  the 
main  watershed  of  the  chain  of  Mont 
Blanc.  The  fine  group  of  peaks 
surrounding  the  Aiguille  Verte 
does  indeed  preserve  its  familiar 
outline  when  seen  from  a  few  yards 
E.  of  the  pass,  but  so  dwarfed  as  not 
to  be  immediately  recognisable.  The 
great  Aiguilles  W.  of  the  Montenvers 
too  present  a  strikingly  different 
appearance  from  the  well-known 
Chamonix  view.  The  immense  glacier, 
whichhas  just  been  traversed,  stretches 
away  to  the  N.  in  dazzling  whiteness, 
blocked  at  the  end  by  the  Dru  and 
the  Verte,  rising  steeply  from  the 
glaciers  at  their  feet.  To  the  E.  the 
rocky  pinnacle  of  the  Aiguille  du 
Geant  and  the  snowy  mass  of  the 
Grandes  Jorasses  form  an  imposing 
foreground,  while  in  the  far  distance 
the  Grand  Combin  and  the  Matter- 
horn  tower  high  above  their  neighbours, 
and  every  detail  of  the  entire  mass  of 
Monte  Rosa  itself  is  distinctly  seen. 
On  the  W.  are  the  precipices  of  Mont 
Blanc  himself,  and  those  of  his  satel- 
lites, from  the  Mont  Blanc  du  Tacul 
to  the  Aiguille  Blanche  de  Peteret, 
while  the  near  view  in  this  direction 
is  completed  by  the  obelisk  of  the 
Aiguille  Noire  de  Peteret.  The  por- 
tion of  the  horizon  which  perhaps 
attracts  most  attention  is  that  lying 
to  the  S.  Courmayeur  and  the  green 
valleys  of  Italy  lie  just  below  the 
spectator,  while  the  snowy  peaks  of 
the  Graians  and  of  the  Dauphine 
Alps  fill  up  a  most  splendid  pano- 
rama. 


The  reader  of  Saussure's  <  Travels  * 
will  recall  with  interest  the  ac- 
count of  his  seventeen  days'  resi- 
dence on  this  spot.  In  spite  of  all 
that  has  been  done  in  modern  times, 
no  more  striking  proof  has  ever  been 
given  of  persevering  devotion  to  the 
cause  of  natural  science.  The  highest 
rocks,  which  are  within  a  few  feet  of 
the  actual  Col,  are  almost  exclusively 
composed  of  quartz,  which  forms 
veins  in  the  protogine  form  of  granite, 
that  constitutes  the  main  axis  of  the 
Mont  Blanc  range. 

The  excellent  Club  hut,  lately  re- 
built (to  be  replaced  in  1899  by  a 
small  Inn  now  in  process  of  construc- 
tion), is  a  few  feet  below  the  pass, 
on  the  Italian  side,  and  in  summer  is 
a  favourite  day's  excursion  for  visitors 
at  Courmayeur. 

The  descent  towards  Courmayeur 
may  at  first  appear  exceedingly  long 
and  steep,  but  there  is  no  real  dif- 
ficulty. A  ridge  projecting  from  the 
face  of  the  mountain  at  once  presents 
itself  as  the  natural  and  secure  track. 
The  ground  falls  away  very  steeply 
on  either  side  of  this  ridge  for  the 
first  few  hundred  feet,  after  which 
the  path  is  easily  followed  down  the 
broken  ground  and  loose  stones  on 
the  1.  (or  E. )  of  the  ridge,  as  far  as  a 
small  chimney,  at  the  foot  of  the 
rocks,  which  is  locally  known  as  '  la 
Porte. '  Very  shortly  a  mule  path  is 
reached,  which  leads  down  the  grass 
slopes  to  the  little  Mont  Frety  inn 
(i-ij  hr.  from  the  Col).  Hence  the 
path  zigzags  down  the  mountain-side 
by  a  rather  roundabout  route,  and  in 
about  J  hr.  gains  the  level  of  the 
Italian  Val  Ferret,  just  above  the 
village  of  Entreves,  about  2  m.  by 
char  road  from  Courmayeur. 

More  than  one  fatal  accident  has 
occurred  on  the  route  of  the  Col  du 
Geant,  but  the  most  memorable  was 
that  in  i860,  by  which  three  English 
travellers  and  Frederic  Tairraz,  one 
of  their  guides,  lost  their  lives.  This 
mishap  was  caused  by  a  slip  about 
J  hr.  below  the  Col,  on  the  Cour- 
mayeur side,  in  the  steep  couloir, 


366       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


then  filled  with  fresh  snow,  on  the 
E.  side  of  the  ridge  by  which  the 
usual  track,  above  described,  de- 
scends. The  travellers  were  fatigued 
and  inexperienced  ;  the  guides  left  the 
rock  ridge  for  the  slippery  snow 
couloir,  and  further  held  in  one  hand 
the  rope  by  which  their  travellers 
were  attached.  It  is  now  agreed  on 
all  hands  that  three  guides,  in  a  pro- 
perly roped  party,  knowing  how  to 
use  an  axe,  could  easily  check  the 
slip  of  three  travellers  on  an  even 
steeper  slope  than  that  on  which  this 
misfortune  happened. 

The  Col  de   Triolet  (3,691  m., 
12,110  ft. )  was  crossed  in  1864  by 
Messrs.  Adams- Reilly  and  Whymper. 
From  the  Montenvers  the  route  lies 
past  the  Jar  din,  then  up  the  small 
Courtes  glacier  to  the  pass  (6§  hrs. ) 
This  little  glacier  often  has  two  great 
crevasses   running   right   across  it. 
Sometimes  these  may  be  turned  by 
keeping  well  to   the  1.  under  the 
wall  of  the  Courtes,  and  always  by 
climbing  up  the  small  glacier  arm  on 
the  r.  of  the  rocks  on  the  1.  bank 
of  the  glacier,  these  rocks  being  then 
crossed  to  the  upper   part   of  the 
glacier,  above  the  great  crevasses. 
*  The  descent  commences  with  some 
steep  and  firm  rocks  for  \  hr.,  fol- 
lowed by  some  steep  slopes  of  neve,  cut 
across  by  crevasses,  and  leading  down 
to  the  N.  branch  of  the  Triolet  glacier. 
The  glacier  is  easy  until  the  com- 
mencement of  the  icefall,  when  it  must 
be  quitted  for  the  moraine  on  the  1. 
bank  '  (A.  A.-R.,  revised).    In  \  hr. 
more   the    Club    hut    (2,584  m., 
8,478  ft.)  is  reached  (if  hr.  from  the 
pass),  but  it  is  not  easily  seen,  as  it 
lies  a  little  to  the  1.  of  the  direct 
route,  under  a  pointed  overhanging 
rock  at  the  head  of  a  great  grass  and 
rock  couloir.    By  this  couloir  the 
Val  Ferret  may  be  reached  in  about 
I  hr.  from  the  hut,  and  2§  hrs.  more 
suffice  to  gain  Courmayeur  by  the 
path  from  the  Col  Ferret. 

In  1865  another  pass  was  crossed 
a  little  to  the  S.  of  that  just  described. 
This  is  the  Col  de  Talefre  (11,430  ft. ), 


first  traversed  by  Mr.  Whymper 
with  Christian  Aimer  and  Franz 
Biener.  It  lies  about  half-way  be- 
tween the  Aiguille  de  Triolet  and  the 
Aiguille  de  Talefre.  From  the 
Jardin  it  is  necessary  to  bear  S.E. , 
and  make  for  a  very  noticeable  bent 
couloir.  It  is  much  exposed  to  fall- 
ing stones,  but  the  rocks  on  its  r.  bank 
give  access  to  the  pass,  reached  in 
about  5  hrs.  from  the  Montenvers. 
Easy  rocks  lead  down  to  the  Triolet 
glacier  (f  hr. ),  on  which  the  Col  de 
Triolet  route  is  soon  rejoined.  In 
fact,  the  routes  of  these  two  passes 
are  for  a  considerable  distance 
scarcely  more  than  \  m.  apart. 

A  much  more  attractive  pass  is  the 
Col   des    Hirondelles    (3,465    m. , 
11,369  ft.),  between  the  Petites  and 
the  Grandes  Jorasses,  which  was  first 
crossed,  in  1873,  by  Messrs.  Leslie 
Stephen,  G.  Loppe,  T.  S.  Kennedy, 
and  J.  A.  Garth  Marshall,  with  Jon. 
Fischer,    Ulrich    Aimer,    and  H. 
Devouassoud.      Mr.     Stephen  has 
published  a   delightful  narrative  of 
the  expedition.    The  traveller  look- 
ing from  the  Montenvers  at  the  grand 
view  spread  out  before  him  naturally 
thinks  that  this  pass  ought  to  afford 
the  shortest  way  to  Italy.     '  Indeed,' 
says  Mr.  Stephen,  '  it  would  be  the 
natural  route  for  anybody  intending 
to  cross  the  Col  du  Geant  by  the 
light  of  nature.    If  you  would  make 
a  bee-line  from  the  Montenvers  to 
the   nearest   point    of    the  Italian 
valleys,  your  route  would  take  you 
straight  across  this  Col,  which  is  as 
obtrusive    as    the    Theodule  from 
Zermatt,  or  the  Jungfraujoch  from 
the  Wengern   Alp.'     The  fanciful 
name  is  derived  from  the  fact  that 
the  first  party  found  on  the  way  the 
bodies  of  twenty  poor  swallows,  which 
had  been  frozen  to  death,  while  try- 
ing to  cross  the  range  in  this  neigh- 
bourhood. 

From  the   Montenvers   the  way 
towards  the  Jardin  (Rte.  A.  Excur- 
sion 5)  is  followed  as  far  as  the  junc- 
tion of  the  Talefre  and  Leschaux 
i  glaciers.    The  last-named  glacier  is 


ROUTE  E.    CHAMONIX  TO  COURMAYEUR 


367 


then  mounted  nearly  due  S.  to  the 
foot  of  the  wall  between  the  Petites 
and  the  Grandes  Jorasses.  A  wide 
couloir  descends  from  the  Col  (which 
is  close  to  the  Grandes  Jorasses)  to 
the  glacier.  The  bergschrund  (which 
may  give  great  trouble)  at  its  base 
may  be  crossed,  and  the  couloir  itself 
mounted  for  a  little  way  till  it  is 
possible  to  cross  on  the  1.  to  a  rocky 
rib  between  the  great  couloir  and  a 
smaller  one  on  the  E.  (This  small 
couloir  can  be  climbed  direct.) 
2  hrs.  are  required  to  climb  from  the 
glacier  to  the  pass,  which  may  be 
reached  in  6  or  hrs.  from  the 
Montenvers.  The  view  is  not  nearly 
as  fine  as  that  from  the  Col  du 
Geant,  but  the  face  of  the  Grandes 
Jorasses  is  a  splendid  sight  all  the 
way  up  to  the  pass.  The  descent  is 
made  by  the  wild  Frebouzie  glacier, 
and  it  is  well  to  bear  in  mind  that  it 
is  scarcely  possible  to  go  too  far  to 
the  1.  when  descending  this  glacier. 
The  glacier  is  quitted  on  the  1.  bank, 
and  a  stony  waste  at  its  foot  crossed 
before  the  level  of  the  Val  Ferret  is 
attained,  Courmayeur  being  reached 
in  about  5  hrs.  from  the  pass. 

Such  are  the  most  interesting  and 
characteristic  passes  between  the 
Montenvers  and  Courmayeur.  The 
routes  across  the  others  which  have 
been  forced  over  the  range  at  various 
points  are,  to  a  great  extent,  identical 
in  part  with  one  or  other  of  those 
described  above,  and  the  climbers 
who  desire  to  traverse  them  will  find 
all  details  in  M.  Kurz's  Guidebook, 
often  before  mentioned.  It  may  be 
said,  however,  that  the  scenery  of 
the  Brenva  glacier,  on  the  Italian 
side  of  the  Col  de  la  Tour  Ronde 
(3,645  m.,  11,959  ft.),  S.W.  of  the 
peak  of  that  name,  3,792  m. , 
12,441  ft.  (which  is  hence  easily 
.attained  in  40  min. ),  is  very  fine 
indeed,  though  it  can  be  more  con- 
veniently seen  by  means  of  an  excur- 
sion from  Courmayeur  than  on  the 
traverse  of  this  long  and  lofty  pass. 


Route  E. 

CHAMONIX  TO  COURMAYEUR  BY  THE 
COL  DU  BONHOMME.  EXCURSIONS 
FROM  COURMAYEUR. 

Chamonix  to  Contamines,  4J-5I  hrs.  ; 
Contamines  to  Mottets,  hrs.  ; 

Mottets  to  Courmayeur,  5^  hrs.  In 
all,  16^-19!  hrs. 

Mountaineers  bound  from  Cha- 
monix to  Courmayeur  will,  no  doubt, 
in  favourable  weather  traverse  the 
range  by  one  of  the  glacier  passes 
described  in  Rtes.  D,  F,  G,  L,  or  M. 
Less  adventurous  travellers,  however, 
desiring  to  avoid  the  difficulties  and 
dangers  of  the  High  Alps,  will  make  a 
long  circuit  (taking  two  or  three 
days),  either  round  the  N.E.  end  of 
the  range  by  Champex  (Rte.  I)  or 
the  S.W.  extremity  of  the  chain. 
The  latter  way  is  that  described  in 
the  present  Route,  and  is  usually 
known  as  the  '  Tour  of  Mont  Blanc' 
It  is  practicable  for  mules  all  the  way, 
and  in  part  (as  far  as  Contamines) 
even  for  carriages.  It  is  hence  often 
made  by  ladies,  who  sleep  at  Conta- 
mines and  Nant  Borrant.  Active 
pedestrians  may  accomplish  the  dis- 
tance in  two  good  days'  walking, 
sleeping  at  Nant  Borrant,  and  taking 
the  short  cut  by  the  Col  des  Fours. 
Part  of  the  long  way  is  not  very 
interesting,  but  the  view  from  the 
Col  de  la  Seigne,  and  the  descent 
thence  through  the  Allee  Blanche, 
will  always  make  that  portion  of 
the  route  very  attractive  to  the  true 
lover  of  nature.  The  path  over  the 
Col  du  Bonhomme  has  been  so  much 
improved  that  in  moderately  good 
weather  a  guide  is  not  necessary  ; 
but  when  fresh  snow  has  fallen, 
and  the  clouds  lie  low  on  the  pass, 
it  is  almost  impossible  for  any  one 
(save  a  trained  mountaineer,  with 
good  maps)  not  possessing  minute 
local  knowledge  to  find  the  true  way, 
It  is  far  better  to  make  the  journey  in 
the  direction  here  described  than  in 
the  opposite  sense. 

The  two  chief  places  on  the  journey 


368        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.   MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


are  Cont amines  and  Mottets,  each  of 
which  may  be  reached  by  several 
different  ways,  the  unusual  routes 
being  here  but  briefly  indicated. 

Contamines  may  be  gained  from 
Chamonix  by  four  ways  at  least,  three 
of  which  join  at  the  village  of  St. 
Gervais,  while  the  fourth  is  the  most 
direct,  and  that  usually  taken  by  those 
making  the  '  Tour  of  Mont  Blanc' 

I.  By  St.  Gervais. — The  easiest 
way  is  to  drive  from  Chamonix  down 
the  Geneva  road  as  far  as  Le  Fayet 
(12  m. ),  whence  another  road  makes 
a  great  zigzag  and  brings  the  traveller 
in  2§  m.  to  St.  Gervais  village,  5J  m. 
by  road  below  Contamines. 

A  more  interesting  zvay  is  to  follow 
the  same  main  road  down  to  La  Griaz 
(4m.),  whence  another  road  (the  old 
Geneva  road)  mounts  to  Les  Hoitches 
(|  m.),  \\  hr.'s  walk  from  Chamonix. 
A  mule  path  ascends  from  a  hamlet  a 
little  further  along  the  road,  maintains 
first  a  S.W.,  then  a  N.W.  direction, 
and  leads  to  the  Col  de  la  Foixlaz 
(1,556  m.,  5,105ft.)  The  view  hence 
is  less  commanding  and  more  limited 
than  that  by  the  other  routes  to  be 
described.  Near  this  pass  there  was 
discovered  in  1852  a  most  interesting 
Roman  inscription  (dating  from 
A. D.  74)  on  a  stone  built  into  a  fence. 
It  fixes  the  limits  between  the 
Ceutrones  and  another  tribe  (name 
uncertain),  thus  proving  that  an  old 
Roman  road  traversed  this  pass. 
The  stone  is  now  preserved  at  Les 
Plagnes,  near  Le  Fayet.  The  de- 
scent lies  S.W.  down  pastures  past 
Mont  Paccard  and  through  forests 
and  by  steep  zigzags  over  meadows 
direct  to  the  village  of  St.  Gervais, 
which  is  thus  attained  in  4J  firs, 
from  Chamonix. 

Vet  a  third  way  is  that  over  the 
Col  de  Voza  (1,675  m->  5<4°6  ft.) 
The  mule  path  from  Les  Houches  is 
the  same  as  that  to  the  Pavilion 
Bellevue  (see  below)  for  3  hrs.,  then 
bears  r.  to  the  pass  {\  hr. )  The 
descent  can  be  made  direct  to 
Bionnassay,  but  it  is  in  every  way 
better   to   mount  r.  to  the  inn  on 


the  ridge  of  the  Prarion  (J  hr. ), 
which  commands  a  view  even  more 
extensive  than  that  enjoyed  from 
the  Pavilion  Bellevue.  The  summit 
of  the  peak  of  the  Prarion  (1,968  m., 
6,457  ft.)  can  be  reached  in  \  hr. 
more,  and  the  view  thus  further  ex- 
tended. From  the  inn  the  mule  path 
bears  to  the  r. ,  and  by  steep 
pastures  soon  joins  that  from  the 
Col  de  la  Forclaz ;  St.  Gervais  is 
attained  by  this  route  in  5J  hrs.  from 
Chamonix. 

As  stated  above,  the  village  of  St. 
Gervais  (817m.,  2,680  ft.)  may  be 
gained  by  road  in  2 \  m.  from  Le  Fayet. 
\  hr.  to  the  N.  W.  by  a  steep  path,  in  the 
narrow  gorge  of  the  Bon  Nant,  are 
the  Baths  of  St.  Gervais  (633  m., 
i   2,077  ft-)j  which    are   only    \  m. 
I   now  from  Le  Fayet  direct  by  road. 
I   They  are  picturesquely  placed,  and 
much  frequented  by  French  visitors  ; 
of  the  two  principal  springs  one  is 
warm   and   sulphureous,    the  other 
chalybeate.      In  the  course  of  the 
night  of  July  11-12,  1892,  a  terrific 
stream  of  ice,  mud,  and  water  (the 
result  of  the  bursting  of  a  great  accu- 
mulation of  water  in  the  small  Tete 
I   Rousse  glacier,  on  the  W.  slope  of  the 
1   Aiguille  du  Gouter)  carried  away  the 
'   Etablissement  de  Bains  (at  least  the 
two  lower  buildings),  as  well  as  many 
other  houses,  very  many  (150)  persons 
also  perishing.    The  old  buildings  at 
the  bottom  of  the  gorge  have  been 
repaired,  but  the  fine  new  Etablisse- 
ment is  \  m.  from  the  entrance  to 
this  gorge,  and  the  same  distance 
from  Le  Fayet. 

[About  1855  the  village  of  St. 
Gervais  was  the  resort  of  a  band  of 
Englishmen,  who  were  occupied  in 
forcing  a  route  up  Mont  Blanc  (see 
Rte.  B)  which  should  free  travellers 
from  the  extortions  of  the  Chamonix 
tariff.  This  route,  however,  has 
never  become  very  popular,  though 
still  occasionally  taken.  The  chief 
excursion  from  St.  Gervais  is  the 
ascent  of  the  Mont  Joly  (2,527  m. , 
8,291  ft.),  on  the  S.  A  mule 
path    mounts    direct    to    the  inn 


ROUTE  E.    CHAMONIX  TO  COURMAYEUR  369 


at  its  N.  foot,  and  only  1  hr. 
below  the  summit,  which  is  gained  in 
4  hrs.  from  St.  Gervais,  or  in  rather 
less  time  from  Contamines.  The 
descent  to  Megeve  on  the  N.W. 
(§11.  Rte.  H)  is  perfectly  easy.  The 
view  from  this  mountain  is  considered 
by  some  good  judges  as  even  finer 
than  that  obtained  from  the  Brevent.  jj 
The  road  from  St.  Gervais  mounts 
through  the  Montjoie  valley  past 
(2  m. )  Bionnay,  at  the  entrance 
of  the  glen  leading  to  the  Bionnas- 
say  gl.,  and  the  Pavilion  Bellevue 
(see  below),  and  by  the  opening  of 
that  of  Miage  (for  the  pass  of  that 
name  see  Rte.  G),  to  (3 \  m.)  Con- 
tamines. 

2.  By  the  Pavilion  Bellevue. — 

This  route  leads  direct  from  Les 
Houches  to  Contamines,  and  is  much 
frequented,  as  it  has  also  a  good  mule 
path. 

Les  Houches  is  gained  (as  under 
1)  from  Chamonix  byroad  in  i|- hr. 
The  path  mounts  thence  almost  due 
S.  at  first,  and  lies  over  pastures  and 
through  woods,  with  pretty  views 
looking  back.  It  rounds  the  base  of 
a  spur  from  the  ridge  on  the  S.,  and 
gradually  leaving  to  the  r.  the  path 
going  to  the  Col  de  Voza,  inclines  to 
the  1.,  so  as  to  gain  (2  hrs.  from  Les 
Houches)  the  mountain  inn  called 
Pavilion  Bellevue.  This  is  built 
at  the  W.  foot  of  the  Mont 
Lachat  (2,111  m.,  6,926  ft.,  ac- 
cessible by  grass  slopes  in  J  hr. ),  in 
a  fold  of  the  ridge  parallel  to,  but 
considerably  higher  than,  the  Col  de 
Voza,  as  it  stands  at  a  height  of 
1,781  m.,  5,843  ft.  (It  is  the  usual 
starting  point  for  the  ascent  of  Mont 
Blanc  by  the  St.  Gervais  or  Aiguille 
du  Gouter  route — see  Rte.  B — but  this 
is  the  only  high  climb  that  can  be  made 
hence.)  The  view  of  the  valley  of 
Chamonix  and  of  the  chain  of  Mont 
Blanc  is  a  counterpart  to  that  from 
the  Col  de  Balme,  at  the  other  end  of 
the  valley  (Rte.  H),  but  is  not  as  fine, 
for  the  Dome  du  Gouter  conceals  the 
highest  part  of  Mont  Blanc  himself. 
The  mule  path  (for  a  short  cut  see 
I. 


below)  descends  by  grass  slopes  to 
the  hamlet  of  Bionnassay  (J  hr. ),  and 
thence  runs  along  the  r.  bank  of 
the  torrent  to  Bionnay  (J  hr.),  3^  m. 
from  Contamines  by  the  carriage, 
road  from  St.  Gervais  (see  above), 
Contamines  being  thus  gained  in 
5 1  hrs.'  walking  from  Chamonix.  On 
the  descent  towards  Bionnassay  the 
view  is  bounded  by  the  Mont  Joly  in 
front,  with  the  church  of  St.  Nicolas 
de   Veroce  at  its  base,  while  to  the 

I.  the  ridge  extending  from  the 
Aiguille  de  Bionnassay  to  the  Col  de 
Tricot,  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  fine 
Bionnassay  glacier,  is  the  most  con- 
spicuous object  in  view. 

[If  bound  for  the  Col  or  chalets  de 
Miage  (Rte.  G)  a  traveller  should  from 
the  Pavilion  follow  at  first  the  track 
up  the  Mont  Lachat,  then  descend 
to  and  cross  the  Bionnassay  gl., 
whence  a  grassy  glen  leads  up  to  the 
Col  de  Tricot  (2,133  m->  6,998  ft.), 
40  min.  above  the  Miage  chalets, 
which  are  2 J  hrs.  from  the  Pavilion.  "J 

A  pedestrian  may  reach  Con- 
tamines in  2§  hrs.  from  the 
Pavilion  by  keeping  to  the  1.  a  little 
before  reaching  the  hamlet  of  Bion- 
nassay, crossing  the  torrent  by  a 
wooden  bridge,  a  little  below  the 
spot  where  it  issues  from  the  glacier, 
and  then  going  across  meadows  past 
Champel  to  La  Villette,  joining  the 
high  road  just  below  those  huts. 

Contamines  (1,197  m.,  3,927  ft.) 
lies  at  the  W.  base  of  the  Mont  Joly 
(2,527  m.,  8,291  ft.),  which  may  be 
thence  ascended  in  4  hrs.  or  less. 
In  the  opposite  direction  is  the 
Frasse  glacier  (also  called  Arman- 
cettes  gl.),  lying  in  a  grand  amphi- 
theatre crowned  by  the  Dome  de 
Miage  (3,688  m.,  12,100  ft.),  and 
the  Aiguille  de  Ber  anger  (3,431  m. , 

II,  257  ft.),  but  now  shrunk  within 
dimensions  apparently  much  smaller 
than  its  former  limits.  Over  it  lies 
the  way  by  the  Col  de  Be  ranger  to  the 
Trelatete  glacier,  either  of  the  above- 
named  peaks  being  easily  reached  from 
the  pass.  (For  this  excursion  and 
the  passes  from  the  Trelatete  glacier, 

3  B 


37o        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.   MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


especially  the  short  cut  by  the  Col  du 
Mont  Tondu,  see  Rte.  F. ) 

The  char  road  from  Contamines 
follows  the  r.  bank  of  the  Bon 
Nant,  but  must  be  left  in  f  hr.  where 
it  crosses  to  the  sanctuary  of  Notre 
Dame  de  la  Gorge,  frequented  in 
August  by  many  pilgrims.  The 
Bonhomme  mule  path  now"  mounts  a 
steep  and  rough  slope,  crosses  the 
stream  by  a  stone  bridge,  and, 
traversing  an  Alpine  pasture,  reaches 
the  chalets  of  Nant  Borrant 
(1,457  nv,  4,780  ft.),  if  hr.  from 
Contamines.  The  little  mountain  inn 
here  is  the  ordinary  halting  place  for 
those  who  spend  one  night  only  on 
the  way  from  Chamonix  to  Cour- 
mayeur.  There  is  a  fine  fall  of  the 
Bont  Nant  below  the  stone  bridge, 
and  a  still  finer  one,  rather  higher,  on 
the  branch  of  the  same  stream  coming 
from  the  Trelatete  glacier,  which  is  in 
sight  from  Nant  Borrant. 

Above  Nant  Borrant  the  path 
traverses  pastures  to  the  inn  of  La 
Balme  (J  hr. ) 

[Hence  a  path  mounts  W.  across 
the  Enclave  de  la  Fenetre,  2,263'm. , 
7,425  ft.,  which  leads  by  the  Haute 
Luce  glen  to  Beaufort — §  11.  Rte.  I.J 

Here  the  massive  rock  tower  called 
the  Tete  du  Bonhonune  (2,593  m. ,  8,507 
ft. )  comes  into  view,  and  to  the  1.  the 
similar  but  rather  lower  summit 
known  as  the  Femme  du  Bonhomme. 
The  track  now  mounts  through  a 
narrow  strait  in  the  valley,  and  then, 
passing  some  vast  moraines  of  ancient 
glaciers,  ascends  amid  debris  to  the 
circular  pasture  basin  of  the  Plan 
Jovet  (j  hr. ) 

[Above  it  on  the  E.  are  the 
lakes  and  chalets  of  Mont  Jovet, 
past  which  lies  the  way  to  the  Col 
d'Enclave  (2,686  m.,  8,813  ft.), 
between  the  Mont  Tondu  and  the 
Tete  d*  Enclave.  Steep  and  very 
wearisome  slopes  of  stones  give 
access  to  the  pass,  which  commands 
but  a  limited  view,  so  that,  though  but 
i\  hrs.  are  required  from  Plan  Jovet 
to  Mottets,  the  Col  des  Fours  is  to  be 
preferred  as  a  short  cut,  by  reason  of 


the  grand  view  from  the  Pointe  des 
Fours.  )3 

Having  now  passed  beyond  the 
region  of  tree  vegetation,  the 
valley  assumes  a  wilder  and  sterner 
aspect.  A  short  but  steep  ascent 
leads  to  another  step  in  the  valley,  a 
plateau  called  (as  early  as  1663)  the 
Flan  des  Dames,  2,056  m.,  6,746  ft. 
(^  hr.),  where  a  large  pile  of 
stones  marks  a  spot  consecrated  by 
a  tradition  of  a  great  lady  and  her 
suite,  who  all  perished  in  a  snow 
storm.  Another  ascent,  longer  than 
the  last,  leads  in  about  40  min.  to 
what  appears  to  be  the  desired  pass  ; 
but  on  reaching  the  summit  (where 
there  is  a  stone  shelter  hut),  2,340  m. , 
7,678  ft.  (3f  hrs.  from  Contamines), 
which  lies  between  the  Tete  du 
Bonhomme  and  the  ridge  of  Les 
Bancs  (2,812  m.,  9,226  ft.),  it  is 
seen  that  this  pass  crosses  the  water- 
shed between  the  Arve  and  the 
Doron  de  Beaufort,  and  leads  W.  by 
the  Col  de  la  Satice  (2,012  m., 
6,601  ft.)  through  the  Gitte  glen  to 
Beaufort  (§11.  Rte.  K.  1).  It  is  still  a 
distance  of  about  40  min.  across 
barren  stony  slopes  (on  which  a  S.E. 
direction  must  be  kept),  usually 
flecked  with  snow,  to  the  true  pass. 
This  portion  of  the  route  is  much 
exposed  to  storms,  and  in  threatening 
weather,  or  with  fresh  snow,  it  is 
highly  imprudent  for  the  ordinary 
traveller  to  pass  here  without  a  guide. 
The  fate  of  two  Englishmen  who 
perished  here  in  a  snow  storm  in 
September  1830  is  still  quoted  as  a 
warning  to  travellers. 

The  true  Col  du  Bonhomme  (also 
called  Croix  du  Bonhomme,  from 
the  great  wooden  cross  which 
marks  it),  2,483  m.,  8,147  ft. 
(stone  shelter  hut),  is  the  watershed 
between  the  basin  of  the  Doron  and 
that  of  the  Isere.  The  view  is  not 
as  extensive  as  might  be  expected, 
but  though  Mont  Blanc  is  shut  out 
by  the  heights  on  the  1.  of  the  Col, 
the  superb  peak  (the  second  highest 
in  the  Tarentaise)  of  the  Mont  Pourri 
(3,788  m.,  12,428  ft.)  is  full  in  sight. 


ROUTE  E.    CHAMONIX  TO  COURMAYEUR 


37i 


The  passage  from  the  Col  du  Bon-  1 
homme  (which,  as  observed  above, 
divides  the  Doron  and  Isere  basins) 
to  the  Allee  Blanche  or  the  valley  of 
the  Dora  Baltea   involves   a   great  ! 
detour.    The  long  gorge  which  opens  \ 
out  in  the  distance  on  the  S.  side  of  | 
the  pass  leads  from  Chapieux,  by  a 
char  road,  in  3 J-  hrs.  (9  m. )  to  the 
town  of  Bourg  St.  Maurice,  in  the 
Tarentaise,  or  upper  valley  of  the  j 
Isere  (§  11.  Rte.  K).    At  Chapieux,  j 
3,000  ft.  below  the  Col,  it  is  joined 
at  an  acute   angle   by  the   stream  : 
which  flows  from  the  W.   side  of 
the  Col  de  la  Seigne  to  the  Isere. 
The  mule  track  descends  steeply  on 
the   S.    to   Chapieux,     1,509    m. ,  I 
4,951  ft.  (if  hr. ),  then  reascends  in 
a  N.E.  direction  through  a  barren 
and  dreary  glen,  the  least  interesting 
part  of  the  whole  '  Tour  of  Mont 
Blanc, 'to  Mottets,  1,898  m.,  6,227  ft. 
( 2  hrs. )    But  a  foot  path  leads  from 
the  Col  du  Bonhomme  by  the  Col 
des  Fours  (stone  shelter  hut)  to  Mottets 
direct  without  passing  by  Chapieux, 
and  the  pedestrian  should  not  fail  to 
take  this  short   cut.     This  pass  is 
2,710  m.  (8,891  ft.)  in  height,  and  in  a 
few  minutes  the  Pointe  des  Fours 
(2,719  m.,  8,921  ft.),  on  the  S.,  may 
be  reached  by  skirting  its  base  on 
the  r.     It  commands  a  remarkable 
view  of  the  S.W.  side  of  the  range  of 
Mont  Blanc.     The  Col  des  Fours 
takes  2-2J-  hrs.  from  the  Bonhomme 
to  Mottets,  thus  saving  over  an  hour 
on  the  journey  between  those  two  | 
places.    The  mule  track  is  rejoined 
at  the  hamlet  of  Les  Glaciers,  or  La  j 
Ville,  I  hr.  below  Mottets. 

A  steady  ascent  of  ij-  hr.   from  j 
Mottets  brings  the  traveller  to  the  j 
summit  of  the   Col   de  la   Seigne  I 
(2,512  m.,  8,242  ft.),  where  there  is 
a  stone  shelter  hut.     Here,  having 
toiled  for  the  preceding  5  or  6  hrs. 
over  a  fatiguing  and  not  very  in- 
teresting way,  he  is  rewarded  by  a 
view  of  extraordinary  grandeur  along 
the  S.E.  side  of  the  range  of  Mont 
Blanc.    The  Italian  counterpart  of 
the  valley  of  Chamonix  is  undoubtedly 


more  imposing  and  impressive  than 
its  Savoyard  rival.  The  S.E.  side  of 
the  Mont  Blanc  range  includes,  be- 
sides the  actual  summit,  most  of  the 
highest  secondary  peaks,  and  be- 
tween them  there  is  but  one  opening, 
the  Col  de  Miage,  which  can  be  con- 
sidered as  a  break  in  the  continuity 
of  the  ridge.  To  the  1.  of  the 
spectator  is  the  Aiguille  des  Glaciers 
(3,834  m.,  12,579  ft.),  and  beyond  it 
the  Aiguille  de  Trelatete  (3,911  m.r 
12,832  ft.)  This  is  followed  by  the 
wide  opening  through  which  the 
Italian  Miage  gl.  descends  into  the 
valley,  and  then  the  eye  rests  upon 
the  central  mass  of  Mont  Blanc,  here 
seen  as  a  dome  of  snow,  sustained  by 
three  enormous  buttresses  of  rock. 
The  nearest  of  these  is  the  Mont 
Brouillard  (4,053  m. ,  13,298  ft.)  ; 
beyond  this  is  the  Chdtelet  ridge,  be- 
tween the  Brouillard  and  Fresnay 
glaciers,  and  the  third  is  crowned  by 
the  Aiguilles  Blanche  and  Noire  de 
Peteret  (4,109  m.,  13,482  ft.,  and 
3,780  m.,  12,402  ft.),  granite  pin- 
nacles of  the  boldest  form,  somewhat 
more  detached  than  the  others  from 
the  main  mass  ;  they  long  remain 
prominent  among  the  most  striking, 
objects  in  view  throughout  the  de- 
scent to  Courmayeur.  At  the  end  of 
the  long  vista  is  the  Col  Ferret,  and 
beyond  it  rise  the  snowy  peaks  of  the 
Velan  and  the  Comb  in.  To  the  r.  the 
ranges  of  the  Crammont  and  of  the 
Mont  de  la  Saxe,  broken  by  the  gap 
through  which  the  Dora  Baltea 
escapes  to  the  S.E.,  run  parallel  to 
the  greater  chain  of  Mont  Blanc. 
The  valley  between  these  ranges, 
whose  whole  length  now  extends  at 
the  traveller's  feet,  is  properly  called 
i  La  Lex  Blanche,'  but  it  seems  now 
impossible  to  change  the  received 
spelling,  adopted  by  modern  writers 
in  ignorance  of  the  true  etymology. 
(See  note  to  the  Introduction  to 
this  §.) 

In  descending  from  the  Col  de  la 
Seigne  several  rare  plants  may  be 
gathered,  and,  amongst  others, 
Ranunculus  parnassifolius.  Lower 

B  B  2 


372        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16. 


MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


down  Hugueninia  tanacetifolia  and 
Achillea  macrophylla  are  rather 
common. 

[From  the  Col  a  path  leads 
S.E.  to  the  Col  des  Chavannes 
(2,606  m.,  8,550  ft.)  in  1  hr.,  whence 
the  Pointe  de  Lechaud  (3,127  m. , 
10,260  ft.)  can  be  climbed  in  2  hrs.  ; 
from  the  summit  there  is  a  difficult 
direct  descent  to  Mottets.  From  the 
Col  des  Chavannes  a  walk  of  2 \  hrs. 
down  the  glen  of  the  same  name 
leads  to  La  Tkuille,  on  the  Little  St. 
Bernard  road,  §  14.  Rte.  G.] 

About  J  hr.  below  the  Col  de  la 
S eigne  are  the  first  huts,  the  Upper 
Allee  Blanche  huts  (2,205  m-j 
7,235  ft.)  Having  left  on  the  1. 
hand  the  Estellette  gl. ,  the  more 
considerable  Alice  Blanche  gl. 
now  comes  into  view.  Another 
hour  leads  down  to  the  level  of 
the  Lac  de  Combal  (1.940  m., 
6,365  ft. )  This  lake  is  held  back  by 
a  massive  embankment  of  consider- 
able antiquity,  with  sluices  which 
regulate  the  outflow  of  the  stream 
(thus  enabling  the  natives  to  block 
the  valley  on  the  approach  of  an 
enemy),  the  principal  source  of  the 
Dora  Baltea. 

£For  the  track  hence  to  Cour- 
mayeur  by  the  Col  de  Checouri 
see  the  Excursions  from  Courmayeur, 
below,  and  for  that  to  La 
Thuille,  5  hrs.  by  the  Col  du 
Baracon,  see  below  under  Mont 
Favre.] 

Below  the  embankment  the  mule 
track  crosses  to  the  1.  bank  of 
the  Dora  and  continues  for  nearly 
an  hour  between  the  stream  and 
the  enormous  moraine  by  which 
the  Miage  gl.  is  concealed  from 
view.  This  great  glacier,  sadly  re- 
duced from  its  former  proportions, 
no  longer  stretches  out  so  as  nearly 
to  cross  the  valley  ;  it  is  only  when 
the  path  has  recrossed  the  stream, 
and  entered  upon  the  pastures  near 
the  mountain  inn  called  the  Cantine 
de  la  Visaille  (1,653  m.,  5,423  ft.), 
below  its  lower  extremity,  that  it 
comes  fully  into  view. 


£This  inn  is  passed  by  the  usual 
route  from  Courmayeur  up  Mont 
Blanc,  Rte.  B.  3,  and  that  to  the 
Col  de  Miage.  Rte,  G.  It  is  the 
most  convenient  starting  point  for  the 
ascent  of  the  Aiguille  de  Trelatitt 
(3,911  m.,  12,832  ft.),  which  may 
hence  be  attained  in  8|  hrs.  by 
the  S.E.  ridge.  This  peak  was 
first  climbed,  and  by  this  route,  in 
1864  by  Messrs.  Adams-Reilly  and 
E.  Whymper.J 

The  portion  of  the  Allee  Blanche 
extending  hence  to  Entreves  is  called 
also  Val  Veni.  The  pine  forests  which 
now  clothe  the  slopes  on  the  S.  side 
of  the  valley,  and  the  more  luxuriant 
vegetation,  present  an  agreeable  con- 
trast to  the  wild  and  somewhat  dreary 
character  of  the  scenery  throughout 
the  long  journey  from  Nant  Borrant. 
Advancing  down  the  valley,  and 
passing  opposite  the  Aiguille  Noire  de 
Peteret,  the  beautiful  Brenva  glacier 
comes  into  view.  It  is  now,  owing 
to  having  greatly  shrunk,  not  so  well 
worth  examination  as  of  old,  but  is 
briefly  noticed  below  among  the 
excursions  from  Courmayeur.  At  the 
point  where  this  glacier  once  stretched 
across  the  valley,  bridging  the 
stream,  and  abutting  against  the 
rocks  on  the  S.  side,  the  path  passes 
by  the  Chapel  of  Notre  Dame  de 
Berrier  (or  de  la  Guerison),  a  sanc- 
tuary much  frequented  by  the 
peasants  of  Courmayeur.  The  path 
then  winds  round  the  base  of  the 
Mont  Chetif,  and  reaches  the  spot 
where  the  Dora,  now  grown  to  a 
river,  after  uniting  in  the  two  torrents 
that  descend  from  the  Col  de  la 
Seigne  and  the  Col  Ferret  the  drain- 
age of  at  least  twenty  glaciers, 
escapes  through  the  portal  opened  to 
!  the  S.  between  the  Mont  Chetif  and 
the  Mont  de  la  Saxe.  After  crossing 
the  Dora  by  a  wooden  bridge  the 
path  reaches  the  Baths  of  La  Saxe, 
near  which  is  the  Hotel  du  Mont 
Blanc,  commanding  a  finer  view  than 
Courmayeur,  and  nearer  most  of  the 
objects  that  may  be  visited  thence. 
About  1  m.  from  the  Baths  (4  hrs.? 


ROUTE  E.    EXCURSIONS  FROM  COURMAYEUR 


steady  walking  from  the  Col  de  la 
Seigne)  is  Courmayeur. 

This  is  a  large  village,  at  a 
height  of  1,224  m-5  4,016  ft., 
much  frequented  in  summer  by 
visitors  from  Turin,  who  seek  here 
mountain  air,  fine  scenery,  or  the 
mineral  waters,  several  springs  of 
which  exist  near  the  village.  Some 
English  travellers  have  here  dis- 
covered a  rival  to  Chamonix. 
Though  higher  by  183  m.  (600  ft.) 
than  that  village  the  climate  is 
considerably  warmer,  but  if  in  fine 
weather  the  days  are  hot  the  nights 
are  always  cool.  Several  of  the 
excursions  within  easy  reach  may 
rival,  if  they  do  not  excel,  those 
equally  accessible  from  Chamonix, 
and  for  a  panoramic  view  of  the 
Mont  Blanc  range  the  Crammont 
may  well  dispute  precedence  with 
the  Brevent  ;  but,  owing  to  the 
peculiar  conformation  of  that  range, 
already  alluded  to,  it  is  far  more 
difficult  from  this  side  to  gain  access 
to  the  upper  snow  region,  and 
aspiring  mountaineers  will  probably 
continue  to  look  on  Chamonix  and 
its  neighbourhood  as  the  best  head- 
quarters for  the  explorer  of  the  chain 
of  Mont  Blanc.  There  have  been 
some  very  good  guides  at  Cour- 
mayeur, but  all  the  best  known  are 
now  dead. 

Courmayeur  stands  at  the  natural 
termination  of  the  Val  d'Aosta, 
which,  between  Pre  St.  Didier  and 
Entreves,  is  called  Val  d'  Entreves, 
and  the  only  easy  access  to  it  is  by 
the  carriage  road  from  Aosta  (21  m., 
traversed  by  the  diligences  in  5  hrs. 
up  and  4  hrs.  down  :  see  §  14.  Rte.  G). 
The  last  2  m.  from  Pre  St.  Didier 
are  uphill,  so  that  a  pedestrian  loses 
no  time.  The  immediate  neighbour- 
hood of  Courmayeur,  not  to  speak  of 
the  surrounding  mountains,  produces 
some  interesting  plants,  such  as 
Sisymbrium  altissimum,  Silene 
vallesia,  Scutellaria  alpina,,  &c. 

In  appreciating  the  advantages  and 
drawbacks  of  Courmayeur  as  head- 
quarters for  travellers,  it  is  right  to 


say  that  the  view  from  the  village  is 
far  more  limited  than  from  Chamonix. 
The  summit  of  Mont  Blanc  is  con- 
cealed by  the  comparatively  insig- 
nificant Mont  Chetif  (the  highest 
point  is  not  even  visible  from  the 
Crammont),  while  none  of  the  higher 
peaks,  save  the  Aiguille  du  Geant, 
are  in  sight  from  Courmayeur. 

In  enumerating  the  chief  excur- 
sions and  ascents  to  be  made  from 
Courmayeur  it  may  be  observed  that 
the  district  around  it  has  been  far  less 
thoroughly  explored  than  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  Chamonix,  so  that  an 
active  mountaineer  may,  doubtless, 
find  out  for  himself  many  interesting, 
though  little  known,  expeditions. 
The  '  Guida  '  of  Signori  Vaccarone 
and  Bobba  should  be  consulted,  while 
Signor  G.  Brocherel's  '  Guida  Illus- 
trata  di  Courmayeur  e  Dintorni  ' 
I  (1895)  contains  much  useful  infor- 
mation. 

I.  Glacier  de  la  Brenva. — This 
beautiful  glacier  descends  from  the 
uppermost  shelves  and  plateaux  of 
Mont  Blanc  directly  to  the  Allee 
Blanche.  It  is  known  to  have  ad- 
vanced very  much  at  the  beginning  of 
this  century,  and  attained  its  maxi- 
mum about  1 81 8  or  18 19,  for  in  the 
latter  year  the  existing  chapel  of 
N.  D.  de  Berrier  (see  above)  was 
taken  down,  as  the  ice  thrust  up 
great  boulders  towards  the  chapel, 
and  endangered  its  position,  so  that 
it  was  rebuilt  higher  up  in  1821. 
Later  the  ice  stream  retired  some 
way,  but  in  1846  came  forward  again. 
It  has  since  shrunk  up  very  much,  so 
that  in  1878  it  was  estimated  that  it 
was  1,000  m.  (3,281  ft.)  higher  up 
the  mountain  than  in  1 846,  though  since 
that  time  it  is  reported  to  have  ad- 
vanced some  distance.  (See  the  map 
in  no.  45  of  the  4  Bollettino '  of  the 
Italian  Alpine  Club,  and  accompany- 
ing article,  as  well  as  that  in  no.  50 
of  the  same  periodical. )  The  glacier 
thus  no  longer  bars  the  valley,  giving 
passage  to  the  torrent  through  a  vault 
under  the  ice,  but  a  walk  may  well 
be  taken  to  its  lower  portion.  A  mule 


374        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


path    leads   through    Entreves  and 
along  the  moraine  on  the  1.  bank  to  a 
small  inn  ( I J  hr. )    The  glacier  may 
be  traversed  diagonally  towards  the 
base  of  the  Aiguille  Noire  de  Peteret, 
which   towers,  in  the  most  defiant 
fashion,  above  the  middle  region  of 
the  glacier.    It  is  possible,  and  well 
worth  the  trouble,  to  approach  very 
near  its  base,  and  beautiful  as  are 
many  of  the  Chamonix  Aiguilles  none 
for   grandeur  surpass   this.    On  its 
ledges,    safe   from  the  approach  of 
human  foot,  the  writer  (j.  B. )  has 
counted   thirty-seven   chamois  in  a 
single  herd.    The  best  way  to  com- 
plete the  excursion  is  to  traverse  the  | 
huge   r.    moraine,    which  formerly 
crossed  the  valley  like  an  enormous 
railway   embankment,    at    a  point 
higher   up   where  it  will  give  less  j 
trouble,  and  then  to  descend  an  easy  j 
slope  amid  clumps  of  pines  past  the  | 
Perttid  huts,  beyond  which  a  bridge  | 
leads  over  the  stream  to  the  Col  de  j 
la  Seigne  track,  some  way  above  the  j 
Chapel  of  N.  Dame.    (4  hrs.  suffice  i 
for  the  round  from  Courmayeur  and  j 
back. )    Good   walkers  are  strongly  j 
recommended  to  mount  the  steep  and  ; 
smooth  rocks  on  the  1.  bank  of  the 
glacier  to  a  point  above   the  great 
lower  icefall,  so  as  to  enjoy  the  mag- 
nificent ice  scenery  of  the  upper  part 
of  the  glacier. 

2.  Col  de  ChScouri  and  Miage 
Glacier. — This  is  a  very  fine  and 
easy  round.  The  Dora  is  crossed 
opposite  Courmayeur,  and  then  a 
mule  path  passes  through  Dollone, 
and  soon  mounts  the  1.  side  of  the 
ravine  by  steep  zigzags  to  a  little 
oratory  perched  on  a  rock.  The  way 
then  lies  over  gently  sloping  pastures 
to  the  Col,  1,960  m. ,  6,431  ft. 
(2  hrs.),  between  the  Mont  Chetif 
and  the  Crammont.  Hence,  or  better 
still  from  a  rock  to  the  r. ,  there  is  a 
noble  view  of  Mont  Blanc  and  the 
Al lee  Blanche.  A  mule  path  leads 
S.W.  along  the  mountain  slope  for  a 
long  distance,  and  commands  superb 
views  of  Mont  Blanc  and  the  great 
glaciers  opposite,  especially  of  that  of  | 


the  Miage,  which  is  not  otherwise  well 
seen.  It  reaches  the  valley  not  far 
from  the  Lac  de  Combal  (2J  hrs. 
from  the  Col).  The  Miage  gl.  may 
be  easily  crossed  (it  is  worth  while  to 
walk  some  way  up  it,  to  enjoy  the 
grand  surrounding  scenery),  the 
'Jardin  du  Miage,'  a  grassy  and 
wooded  mound  between  two  branches 
of  the  huge  glacier,  may  be  visited, 
and  the  Col  de  la  Seigne  path  joined 
in  (20  min. )  by  a  bridge  near  the  Can- 
tine  de  la  Visaille. 

3.  The  Crammont.  —  The  best 
known  summit  of  the  range  separat- 
ing the  Allee  Blanche  from  the  valley 
of  the  Little  St.  Bernard  is  the 
Crammont  (corrupted  from  Grand 
Mont),  2,737  m.,  8,980  ft.  Its 
position,  exactly  opposite  the  summit 
of  Mont  Blanc,  is  a  counterpart  of 
that  of  the  Brevent  in  the  valley  of 
Chamonix.  The  view  of  Mont 
Blanc  (though  the  highest  tip  is  not 
seen)  is  at  least  as  fine,  and  in  addi- 
tion the  panorama  includes  the  chief 
peaks  of  the  Pennine  and  Graian 
Alps.  The  usual  way  up  it  requires 
a  considerable  detour,  and  is  long 
(4J-5  hrs. ),  but  not  very  fatiguing, 
though  it  is  well  to  start  very  early,  so 
as  to  avoid  the  heat  of  the  sun  during 
the  ascent,  and  to  gain  time  for  a 
thorough  enjoyment  of  the  scenery. 
Mules  may  be  taken  to  within  20  min. 
of  the  top,  and  a  guide  is  not 
required.  It  is  necessary  to  com- 
mence this  expedition  in  a  manner 
always  distasteful  to  the  mountaineer, 
by  descending  the  Aosta  high  road  as 
far  as  Pre  St.  Didier  (2  m. )  The 
Little  St.  Bernard  road  (§  14.  Rte.  G) 
is  then  followed  for  J  hr.  to  the 
entrance  of  the  first  tunnel,  where  the 
mule  path  strikes  off  to  the  r. , 
and  mounts  gradually  for  3  hrs., 
passing  several  chalets.  On  reaching 
the  limit  of  the  larch,  which  is  here 
at  6,800  ft.,  the  ascent  lies  chiefly  up 
rather  steep,  parched  slopes  of  grass, 
not  very  troublesome  to  mount,  but 
requiring  caution  on  the  descent. 
Mules  halt  at  the  base  of  the  last 
steep  grassy  slope.  4  hrs.  suffice  from 


ROUTE  E.  EXCURSION; 


S  FROM  COURMAYEUR 


375 


Pre  St.  Didier  to  attain  the  summit, 
consisting  of  slightly  inclined  slabs  of 
rock,  which  on  the  side  facing  Mont 
Blanc  project  a  little  beyond  the  edge 
of  the  precipitous  face  of  the  moun- 
tain. Close  to  the  summit  is  the 
Saussure  Club  Hut,  built  by  the 
Aostan  Section  of  the  Italian  Alpine 
Club,  and  named  in  honour  of  the 
savant  who,  by  his  two  visits  to  the 
peak  (1774  and  1778).  made  known 
its  admirable  position  as  a  panoramic 
point  of  the  first  order.  The  view 
has  been  deservedly  celebrated  by  all 
travellers  who  have  been  fortunate 
enough  to  reach  the  summit  in 
favourable  weather.  If  it  be  allow- 
able to  note  a  defect  in  the  presence 
of  a  scene  so  magnificent,  it  may  be 
said  that  the  Mont  Chetif  and  a 
portion  of  the  lower  portion  of  the 
Crammont  itself  prevent  the  eye  from 
reaching  the  bottom  of  the  Allee 
Blanche,  and  thus,  though  the  height 
is  considerably  greater  than  that 
of  the  Brevent  or  of  the  Mont 
Chetif,  the  range  of  Mont  Blanc  is 
not  here  seen  to  spring  out  of  a  valley 
relatively  so  deep  or  so  well  defined. 

A  traveller  proposing  to  take  the 
Crammont  on  the  way  over  the  Little 
St.  Bernard  should  on  the  way 
down  bear  r.  from  the  Chant  on  huts, 
above  the  forest,  by  a  good  mule  path, 
which  attains  the  high  road  at  the 
village  of  Elevaz,  beyond  the  second 
tunnel. 

There  is  a  direct  way  up  the  peak 
from  Courmayeur,  for  pedestrians 
only,  and  taking  4  hrs.  up.  It  passes 
by  the  Vittoria  spring,  and  the  huts 
of  Praleuy  and  of  Arp  (lower  and 
higher),  whence  zigzags  bring  the 
climber  to  the  base  of  the  steep 
rocky  N.  face  of  the  Crammont  ;  this 
is  scaled  by  an  ascent  of  an  hour  or 
less,  there  being  a  little  path  con- 
structed by  the  Courmayeur  guides. 

4.  The  Mont  Chetif. — This  point, 
also  called  Mojzt  Dollone,  and  Pain  de 
Sucre  (2,343  m.,  7,687  ft.),  is  the 
dome-shaped,  isolated  eminence 
which  is  conspicuous  from  Cour- 
mayeur, because  it  shuts  out  the  view 


of  the  main  mass  of  Mont  Blanc. 
The  Col  de  Checouri  mule  path 
(2.  above)  is  followed  nearly  to  that 
pass.  Thence  less  than  an  hour 
(3  hrs.  in  all  from  Courmayeur)  suf- 
fices to  gain  the  summit,  by  keep- 
ing to  the  r. ,  passing  below  some 
chalets,  and  going  up  grass  and 
stones.  The  view  is  noble,  and  is 
nearly  equal  to  that  from  the  Cram- 
mont, while  the  summit  is  far  easier 
of  access. 

5.  The  Mont  de  la  Saxe.  —  This 
point  rises  N.E.  of  Courmayeur,  and 
commands  a  view  of  the  Grandes 
Jorasses,  and  its  neighbours,  which 
is  even  superior  to  that  from  the 
Crammont.  It  is  a  long  ridge,  the 
highest  undulation  in  which  is 
2,358  m.  (7,737  ft.)  A  mule  path 
leads  to  the  summit  in  2-J  hrs., 
ascending  by  the  Col  Ferret  path  to 
some  chalets,  and  then  mounting  by 
the  N.  side  past  more  chalets. 
Pedestrians  save  time  by  going  a  little 
way  up  the  Chapy  glen,  and  then 
mounting  the  S.  slope  of  the  moun- 
tain. By  following  the  ridge  in  a 
N.E.  direction  the  point  called  Testa 
Bernarda  (2,534  m.,  8,314  ft. )  may 
be  attained  in  an  hour,  and  an  even 
nobler  view  obtained. 

6.  The  Mont  Cor/net. — This  sum- 
mit (2,476  m. ,  8,124  ft. )  lies  E.  of 
Courmayeur,  and  is  in  position  the 
counterpart  of  the  Crammont.  It 
may  be  reached  in  3  hrs.  by  its  W. 
slope,  mules  going  as  far  as  the 
Tirecome  chalets,  beyond  which  are 
easy  grass  and  rock  slopes.  It  is  easy 
to  descend  to  Morgex,  on  the  S.E. 

7.  Col  du  Geant. — This  pass  leads 
over  to  Chamonix,  and  has  been 
already  described  in  Rte.  D.  Those 
who  do  not  intend  crossing  it  may 
make  an  extremely  interesting  ex- 
cursion to  the  summit  (4J  hrs. ),  re- 
turning in  the  afternoon.  Even  if 
the  Mont  Frety  inn  (2  hrs. )  only  is 
visited  the  excursion  is  worth 
making. 

Among  the  easier  ascents  which 
may  be  made  from  Courmayeur  are 
those  of  the  Grande  Rochere  ( 3, 326  m. , 


376        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


10,913  ft.)  and  of  the  Mont  Favre  I 
(3,259  m.,  10,693  ft-)    The  former 
is  the  highest  summit  in  the  tangled 
ranges  between  Courmayeur  and  the 
Great    St.    Bernard,    and   may  be 
climbed  on  the  way  from  one  of  these  ; 
places  to  the  other  (§  18.  Rte.  B). 
It    is    reached    from  Courmayeur 
(?  8   firs. )   either   by  the   Cols  de 
Chapy   and    de    Chambave,   or  by 
Morgex   and    the   long  Planavalle 
glen,  and  commands  a  most  magnifi- 
cent view.     The  Mont  Fav?x  (also 
called  Berrier  Blanc)  is  attained  by 
way  of  the  Lac  de  Combal  and  the 
Col  du  Bar  aeon   (from   remains  of 
old  redoubts  on  the  summit )j  or  du 
Berrier  Blanc  (2, 744m. ,  9,003  ft. ),  on 
its  N.W. — there  is  now  a  new  mule 
path  from  Courmayeur  to  this  pass,  ; 
which  traverses  the  Cols  de  l'Arp  and 
de  Youla — whence   it   is  necessary 
to  descend  \  hr,  before  attacking  the  ; 
mountain  by  its  W.  side  (5  hrs.  up 
from  the  Lac  de  Combal,  or  8  hrs. 
from  Courmayeur).    The  summit  can 
be  taken  on  the  way  to  the  Little  Stk 
Bernard,  as  the  track  from  the  Col 
descends  direct  to  La  Thuille.  The 
local  name  is    Berrier    Blanc  ;  the 
other  was  given  to  the  point  after  it 
had  been  ascended  by  the  celebrated 
geologist,   M.   Alphonse    Favre,  of 
Geneva*    Possibly  since  it  has  been 
covered  with  a  network  of  ropes  the 
Aiguille     du     Geant    (4,014  m., 
13,170   ft.)  may  be  counted  among  j 
the  easier  ascents  from  Courmayeur,  j 
which    it    dominates      (see  Rte. 
C).    The   Tour   Konde  (3,792  m.,  j 
12,441  ft.)  may  be  also  climbed  from  ! 
the  Col  du  Geant  (3   hrs.)  by  the 
easy  rocks  of  its  E.  or  N.E.  ridges. 
From  the  peak  it  is  easy  to  go  down 
to    the    Col   de    la     Tour    Ronde  j 
(3,645  m.,  11,959  ft.),  on  the  S.W., 
and   to   descend   thence   to  Cour- 
mayeur by  a  branch  of  the  Brenva 
gl.,  the  ice  scenery  being  magnifi- 
cent, but  the  way  not  always  easy. 
For  the  ascent  of  the  Aiguille  de 
Trelatete    (3,911    m.,    12,832  ft.), 
from  the  Cantine  de  la  Visaille,  see 
above  in  the  description  of  the  Col  j 


de  la  Seigne,  and  for  that  of  the 
Mont  Dolent,  3,823  m.,  12,543  ft. 
(strongly  recommended),  from  the 
Pre  de  Bar  chalets  or  the  Triolet 
Club  hut,  see  Rtes.  K  and  L.  The 
routes  from  Courmayeur  up  Mont 
Blanc  are  described  in  Rte.  B.  3.  and 
the  cross  country  tracks  to  the  Great 
St.  Bernard  or  to  Bourg  St.  Pierre 
in  §  18.  Rtes.  B  and  C. 

Brief  mention  only  can  here  be 
made  of  the  principal  very  difficult 
and  dangerous  climbs  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  Courmayeur,  the  reader 
being  referred  for  full  details  to  M. 
Kurz's  Guidebook,  already  cited  in 
the    Introduction   to    this  Section. 
The    Grandes  Jorasses   (4,205  m., 
13,797  ft.),  on  the  N.E.  of  Cour- 
mayeur, may  be  ascended  in  6  hrs. 
from  the  Club  hut,  itself  5  hrs.  from 
Courmayeur.    A  great  couloir  must 
be  crossed  on  the  way,  in  which,  if 
the  snow  is  in  bad  condition,  there 
is  considerable  danger  of  avalanches. 
The  W.  and  lower  (by  9  m.,  30  ft.) 
point  was  first  attained  in  1865  by 
Mr.  E.  Whymper  ;  the  E.  and  higher, 
first  by  Mr.  Horace  Walker  in  1868. 
The  remarkable  needle  (mentioned 
above)  called  the  Aiguille  Noire  de 
Peteret  (3,780  m. ,  12,402  ft.),  on  the 
N.W.  of  Courmayeur,  can  be  reached 
in  5  hrs.  from  a  bivouac  at  a  spot 
called  the  '  Fauteuil  des  Allemands  ' 
(4  hrs.  from  Courmayeur),  but  it  is  a 
difficult  rock   climb,    and  a  couloir 
must   be   passed   in   which  stones 
frequently  fall,  and  cannot  possibly 
be  avoided.    The  first   ascent  was 
made  in  1877  by  Lord  Wentworth 
(now  the  Earl  of  Lovelace).   N.W.  of 
the  last-named  peak,  and  on  the  same 
great  ridge,  is  the  Aiguille  Blanche 
de  Peteret  (4,109  m.,  13,482  ft.)  It 
is  best  gained  from  the  depression  on 
the  N.W.,  which  is  on  Mr.  Eccles' 
route  up  Mont  Blanc  (see  Rte.  B.  3), 
and  is  only  to  be  reached  by  a  very 
long  and  difficult  round  from  Cour- 
mayeur by  the  Brouillard  and  Fresnay 
glaciers.    The  summit  was  first  at- 
tained (and  by  this  route)  in  1885  by 
Mr.  (now  Sir)  H.  Seymour  King. 


ROUTE  F.    CONTAMINES  TO  COURMAYEUR 


377 


In  1893  Dr.  Giissfeldt  effected  an 
even  more  difficult  and  dangerous 
route  up  the  peak,  by  way  of  its  pre- 
cipitous E.  face  above  the  Brenva 
glacier,  an  expedition  which  is  not 
likely  to  be  often  repeated,  and 
which  certainly  cannot  be  recom- 
mended. 


Route  F. 

CONTAMINES  TO  COURMAYEUR  BY 
THE  TRELATETE  GLACIER. 

The  great  Glacier  of  Trelatete,  at 
the  S.W.  end  of  the  chain  of  Mont 
Blanc,  balances  that  of  Trient,  at  the 
N.  extremity  of  the  same  range.  The 
two  glaciers,  therefore,  have  this  point 
in  common,  that  it  is  possible  to 
traverse  them  from  N.  to  S.,  while  a 
double  passage  across  the  two  ridges 
that  bound  each  enables  a  traveller 
to  make  what  is  a  short  cut  in  point 
of  distance,  and  thus  avoid  a  long 
circuit  round  their  base.  Thus  the 
Col  de  Beranger  and  the  Col  du 
Mont  Tondu  in  the  case  of  the  Tre- 
latete gl.  answer  to  the  Col  du 
Tour,  and  either  the  Col  du  Trient  or 
the  Col  d'Orny  (for  the  Orny  gl. 
is  but  an  outflow  of  the  Trient  pla- 
teau) in  the  case  of  the  Trient  g]. 
But  the  Trelatete  gl.  has  been 
much  less  visited  than  its  N.  rival. 
The  most  convenient  spot  for  ex- 
ploring this  glacier  is  the  little  inn 
called  the  Pavilion  de  Trelatete 
(1,976  m.,  6,483  ft.),  on  the  N. 
•bank  of  the  gl.,  2  firs,  distant 
by  mule  path  from  Contamines.  (It 
may  also  be  gained  from  Contamines 
by  way  of  the  Frasse  gl.  and  the  Col 
de  Beranger  (3,369  m. ,  11,054  ft.)  to 
the  Trelatete  glacier,  this  route  having 
the  advantage  that  the  Dome  de 
Miage  may  be  climbed  on  the  way  to 
or  from  Contamines. ) 

The  ascents  most   to   be  recom- 


[   mended    round    the    Trelatete  gl. 
are  those  of  the  Aiguille  de  Beranger 
(3.431  m.,   11,257  ft.)    and  of  the 
DS?ne  de  Miage  (3,688  m. ,  12, 100  ft. ) 
The  former  summit  may  be  reached, 
even  by  ladies  accustomed  to  walking, 
in  417  hrs.  from  the  Pavilion  by  the 
gentle  snow  slopes  of  its  S.  face. 
The   view  is,  however,  even  finer 
from  the   higher  Dome  de  Miage, 
best  gained  in  I  hr.  from  the  Col  de 
Beranger  by  its  S.  ridge  ;   if  coming 
from  the  Pavilion  it  is  necessary  from 
the  Trelatete  gl.  to  mount  a  snowy 
gully    which   leads   to   that  ridge, 
J-  hr.  above  the  depression  of  the  Col  ; 
but  if  approaching  the  Col  by  the 
Frasse   gl.  it  is   best  to  climb  up 
•   from    that    gl.    by    a    rock  ridge 
which  leads  almost  direct  to  the  sum- 
mit.    The  highest   summit  of  the 
Aiguille    de     Trelatete    (3,911  m., 
12,832   ft.)    is    most  conveniently 
attacked  from  the  side  of  the  Allee 
Blanche,  but  the  Tete  Cai-ree  (3,752m., 
12,310  ft. )  may  be  ascended  from  the 
Pavilion  in  6  hrs.  by  the  Trelatete 
gl.    and    the    snow    arete  leading 
up  from  the  Col  about  to  be  men- 
tioned.   The  view  thence  is  superb. 
Part  of  it  may  be  enjoyed  by  mount- 
ing (no  difficulty)  the  entire  length  of 
j  the  Trelatete  gl.  to  the  pass  at  its 
'  head,   called  the   Col  (dit)  Infi'a?!- 
chissable,  3,345  m.,  10,975  ft.  (4  hrs. ) 
(hence  up  the  Tete  Car?'ee  in  2  hrs.), 
which  commands  a  wonderful  view  of 
the  W.  face  of  Mont  Blanc,  streaming 
with  glaciers,  and  seen   above  the 
deep  hollow  of  the   Italian  Miage 
gl.    (The  descent  to  that  gl.  from 
the  Col  lies  over  very  rotten  rocks, 
exposed  to  falling  stones,  and  passes 
by  some    abandoned   miners'  huts, 
but  it  is  believed  that   the  descent 
of  this  side  of  the  pass  has  never 
yet  been  effected. ) 

The  principal  use  (if  it  may  be  so 
called)  of  the  Trelatete  gl.  is  to 
afford  a  short  cut  from  Contamines  to 
the  Col  de  la  Seigne.  This  would 
naturally  lie  over  the  ridge  which 
bounds  the  Trelatete  gl.  on  the  E. 
and  S.     But  the  two  most  direct 


378        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.   MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


passes,  the  Cols  de  Trelatete  and  de 
r Allee  Blanche  (both  at  the  S.  foot  of 
the  Aiguille  de  Trelatete),  are  only 
accessible  on  either  side  by  such  torn 
and  difficult  glaciers,  or  so  steep  a 
slope  of  ice,  that,  though  experienced 
mountaineers  may  care  to  cross  them, 
they  are  most  certainly  not  short  cuts 
in  point  of  time.  The  Col  des  Glaciers 
(3,098  m.,  10,165  ft.),  S.W.  of  the 
Aiguille  des  Glaciers  (3,834  m„ , 
12,579  ft.),  is  easier,  the  ascent  from 
the  Trelatete  gl.  lying  up  the  second 
tributary  gl.  to  the  pass  (3|  hrs. ),  and 
the  descent  to  Les  Mottets,  skirting 
the  rocky  ridge  between  the  two  gls. 
on  the  other  side,  taking  only  hr. 
But  the  real  short  cut  is  over  the  Col 
dm  Mont  Tondu  (2,895  m-  >  9>498  ft. ), 
an  easy  glacier  pass  lying  just  to  the 
N.E.  of  the  Mont  Tondu  (3,196  m., 
10,486  ft. )  It  is  said  that  by  the  Col 
du  Mont  Tondu  no  less  than  5  hrs. 
may  be  saved  between  Contamines 
and  the  Col  de  la  Seigne,  but  this 
seems  an  exaggeration.  From  the 
Pavilion  the  track  along  the  r.  bank 
of  the  Trelatete  gl.  is  followed  till  an 
iron  bar  fastened  to  a  rock  face 
enables  the  traveller  to  descend  to 
the  lateral  moraine,  which  is  fol- 
lowed, and  later  the  gl.  itself,  till 
above  the  icefall.  Hence  the  way 
turns  to  the  S. ,  and  an  easy  small 
glacier  leads  to  the  pass  (2J  hrs.  from 
the  Pavilion).  The  view  is  fine,  but 
may  be  much  extended  by  climbing 
either  the  Pointe  de  la  Lanchette 
(3,088m.,  10,132  ft.),  to  the  N.E.  of 
the  pass,  or,  better  still,  the  Mont 
Tondu,  to  its  S.W.  (a  good  hour.) 
The  Graian  Alps  from  the  Grivola  to 
the  Grande  Casse  are  admirably  seen 
from  either  point,  while  below  are  the 
gently  inclined  slopes  of  the  great 
Trelatete  gl. ,  at  whose  head,  and 
seen  through  the  opening  of  the  Col 
(dit)  Infranchissable,  rises  the  mass  of 
Mont  Blanc.  The  spectator  can 
hardly  realise  that  between  that  Col 
and  the  W.  face  of  Mont  Blanc  there 
intervenes  the  deep  basin  of  the 
Italian  Miage  gl. ,  as  the  neve  of  the 
Trelatete  gl.  seems,  by  an  effect  of 


perspective,  to  unite  with  that  of  the 
glaciers  on  the  W.  side  of  Mont 
Blanc.  A  steep  face  of  rocks  (in  the 
reverse  direction  make  for  a  point  to 
the  1.  of  a  small  rocky  knob  on  the 
ridge)  leads  down  from  the  Col  du 
Mont  Tondu  to  the  Lanchette  gl.  The 
descent  to  Mottets  ( \\  hr. )  is  easy,  but 
if  the  Col  de  la  Seigne  be  the  point 
aimed  at  it  is  possible  (though  very 
rough)  to  bear  away  to  the  1.  and  to 
traverse  a  bit  of  the  Gl.  des  Glaciers 
and  many  ravines  before  the  Col  de 
la  Seigne  is  gained  in  2§  hrs.  from 
the  Col  du  Mont  Tondu. 


Route  G. 

CHAMONIX  TO  COURMAYEUR  BY 
THE  MIAGE  GLACIER. 

The  only  considerable  breach  in 
the  range  of  Mont  Blanc  is  that 
marked  by  the  Col  de  Miage.  It  is 
true  that  the  latest  measurements 
make  the  Col  du  Geant  about  17  ft. 
lower  than  the  Col  de  Miage,  but  the 
two  glaciers,  both  named  Glacier  de 
Miage,  which  descend  N.  and  S. 
from  the  last-named  pass,  lie  in 
hollows  that  are  cut  deeper  and 
farther  into  the  mass  than  any  others. 
The  ridge  over  which  the  pass  lies 
has  been  truly  likened  to  a  dyke  or 
causeway  connecting  the  Aiguille  de 
Bionnassay  with  the  Dome  de  Miage, 
and  it  is  so  steep  on  either  side  that 
two  points,  not  quite  2  miles  apart  in 
a  straight  line,  are  separated  by 
several  hours  of  laborious  climbing. 

The  Col  de  Miage  was  first  visited 
by  strangers  with  a  view  to  the  dis- 
covery of  a  new  route  to  the  summit 
of  Mont  Blanc  rather  than  as  a  way 
from  Chamoni:*  to  Courmayeur.  But 
it  is  occasionally  used  as  a  pass  by 
active  mountaineers,  while  the  usual 
route  from  Courmayeur  up  Mont  Blanc 
traverses    the    Italian    Miage  gl., 


ROUTE  G.    CHAMONIX  TO  COURMAYEUR  379 


though  it  does  not  pass  by  the  Col  itself, 
as  the  old  explorers  expected.  The 
earliest  known  passage  of  the  Col  was 
by  some  chamois  hunters,  about  1 798, 
one  of  whom  perished  in  a  crevasse 
at  the  N.  base  of  the  Col.  The  first 
foreign  traveller  was  Mr.  E.  T.  Cole- 
man, who  has  given  an  account  of 
his  passage  in  1858  in  his  beautiful 
work  '  Scenes  from  the  Snow-Fields. ' 
The  difficulties  on  the  S.  side  are 
perhaps  the  greater,  though  they  are 
not  really  serious.  Yet  none  of  the 
recognised  precautions  and  appliances 
of  glacier-travelling  should  be  omitted 
in  whichever  direction  the  pass  is 
taken.  If  coming  from  the  Chamonix 
side  it  is  best  to  sleep  at  the  Miage 
chalets  ;  on  the  Courmayeur  side  the 
little  inn  called  Cantine  de  la  Yisaille, 
near  the  foot  of  the  Italian  Miage 
gl.,  is  the  best  resting  place  for  a 
traveller. 

The  Miage  huts  are  not  far  from 
the  foot  of  the  considerable  French  or 
N.  Miage  gl.  The  foot  of  the 
Bionnassay  gl.  may  be  reached 
from  Chamonix  in  hrs.  by  the  Col 
de  Voza  or  the  Pavilion  Bellevue. 
The  traveller  must  then  cross  the 
Col  de  Tricot  (2,133  m-;  6,998  ft.) — 
small  Inn — over  the  long  N.W.  spur 
of  the  Aiguille  de  Bionnassay,  and 
so  go  direct  from  the  foot  of  the  Bion- 
nassay glacier  to  the  Miage  chalets 
(2 \  hrs.)  These  huts  may  also  be 
gained  from  St.  Gervais  in  2  hrs. ,  or 
from  Contamines  in  i-J-2  hrs.  by  way 
of  the  Miage  glen.  The  ascent  along 
the  grass  slopes  and  rock  steps  to  the 
moraine  on  the  r.  bank  of  the 
Miage  gl. ,  and  then  along  the 
moraine  itself,  is  rather  long  and 
fatiguing.  The  upper  level  of  the 
gl.  is  reached  in  about  2§  hrs. 
from  the  chalets,  and  the  ridge  to  be 
traversed  then  comes  into  full  view. 
Its  appearance  is  like  that  of  a 
gigantic  dyke,  2,000  ft.  in  height, 
rising  pretty  steeply  from  the  gently 
sloping  neve  of  the  glacier,  and  de- 
fended (as  usual)  by  a  bergschrund, 
which  may  sometimes  offer  difficul- 
ties.   In  the  centre  of  the  wall,  just 


I  below  the  lowest  depression  of  the 
Col,  a  steep  couloir  extends  from  top 
to  bottom  of  the  slope.  This  couloir 
is  the  channel  through  which  masses 
of  snow  and  detached  fragments  of 
rock  shoot  to  the  base  of  the  wall. 
It  must  therefore  be  carefully  avoided. 
Besides  the  couloir,  however,  three 
rock  ridges  are  seen  to  descend  the 
wall  leading  up  to  the  Col.  The  ascent 

I  is  made  in  2  hrs.  by  the  easy  rocks  of 
the  central  one  of  these  three  ridges. 

I   The  summit  of  the  pass  (3,376  m. , 

I  1 1,077  ft. )  ^  but  a  few  yards  in  width, 
and  the  view  is  chiefly  interesting  as 

I  the  Col  is  one  of  the  nearest  points 
from  which  to  study  the  grand  W. 

,   face  of  Mont  Blanc. 

[From  the  Col  many  attempts  were 
made  in  1856  and  following  years  to 
attain  the  summit  of  Mont  Blanc.  But 
it  was  only  many  years  later  that  even 
a  part  of  this  plan,  the  ascent  of  the 

!  Dome  du  Gouter,  was  achieved.  In 
1864  Messrs.  Adams -Reilly  and  Birk- 
beck  from  the  pass  skirted  the  S.E. 
flank  of  the  Aiguille  de  Bionnassay  and 
descended  on  to  the  plateau  above  the 
great  icefall  of  the  Italian  Bionnas- 
sav  §}•■>  whence  they  climbed  up  to 
the  Dome  du  Gouter.  attained  in 
5|  hrs.  from  the  Col.  'in  1888  Miss 
Richardson  took  a  much  bolder  and 

1  more  direct  route,  gaining  from  the 
same  plateau  the  S.  arete  of  the  Aiguille 

\   de  Bionnassay  (4,066  m. ,  13,341  ft.) 

I   at  a  point  about  20  min.  from  the  Col 

!   de  Miage,  and  thenceforth  following 

I  the  crest  of  the  ridge  over  the  Aiguille 
de  Bionnassay  to  the  Dome.  This 

1  is  perhaps  the  best  route  up  the 
Aiguille,  the  E.  ridge  of  which  is 
extremely  sharp  and  narrow,  being 

j   a  mere  knife  edge  of  ice.] 

The  S.  or  Italian  Miage  gl.  is 
altogether  on  a  grander  scale  than 
that  on  the  N.  side.    It  receives  three 

!   considerable  tributaries,  flowing  from 

\  the  S.W.  slopes  of  Mont  Blanc.  Of 
these  the  most  westerly  is  the  Italian 

j  Bionnassay  gl.,  descending  from 
the  ridge  connecting  the  Aiguille  de 

j   Bionnassay  wdth  the  Dome  du  Gouter 

I   (4,331  m.,  14,210  ft.),  and  up  it  leads 


380       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


the  now  usual  route  to  Mont  Blanc  | 
from  Courmayeur  (see  Rte.  B.  3.  v.) 
The  central  of  the  -three  is  the  Dome 
gl. ,  and  by  it  Mr.  Buxton  and  his  com- 
panions in  1865  effected  an  exciting 
descent  from  the  Dome,  which  has 
been  vividly  described  in  the  '  Alpine 
Journal,'  while  in  1868  Mr.  F.  A.  G. 
Brown  ascended  Mont  Blanc  by  this 
way.  The  most  easterly  of  the  three 
glaciers  is  the  Mont  Blanc  gl.,  by 
which  in  1872  Mr.  T.  S.  Kennedy 
made  a  route  to  Mont  Blanc,  which 
offers  no  great  difficulties,  but  is  much 
exposed  to  falling  stones.  Each  of 
these  glaciers  descends  in  a  long  and 
very  steep  icefall  to  the  main  stream 
of  the  Italian  Miage  g].,  that  of  the 
most  easterly  being  the  most  formid- 
able. 

To  descend  from  the  Col  de  Miage 
the  traveller  must  bear  well  to  the 
r. ,  so  as  to  gain  (10  min. )  the  rocks 
on  the  r.  bank  of  the  small  gl. 
descending  from  the  Col.  These  are 
descended  (many  crystals  en  route) 
without  serious  difficulty  in  about 
f  hr.  to  the  surface  level  of  the  Miage 
gl.  The  view  from  below  of  the 
grand  masses  that  enclose  the  small 
gl.,  and  of  the  great  horseshoe 
icefall  by  the  side  of  which  the  de- 
scent has  been  effected,  is  very  fine. 
The  Miage  glacier  is  easy  to  follow  to 
the  great  moraine  on  the  r.  bank 
above  the  Lac  de  Combal  (2jhrs.), 
whence  a  path  leads  in  f  hr.  to  the 
Cqntine  de  la  Visaille  (1,653  m., 
5,423  ft.),  on  the  mule  path  coming 
from  the  Col  de  la  S eigne.  This  is 
1 -J-  hr.  from  Courmayeur,  which  is 
thus  gained  in  5 -J  hrs.  from  the  pass, 
or  10  hrs.  from  the  Miage  chalets. 
Rather  less  time  is  required  for  the 
passage  of  this  Col  if  it  be  taken 
from  the  Courmayeur  side. 


Route  H. 

CHAMONIX  TO  MARTIGNY. 

A  large  proportion  of  the  strangers 
who  visit  Chamonix  either  go  or 
return  by  way  of  Martigny,  in  the 
Rhone  valley,  and  have  a  choice  of 
three  routes.  That  first  described  is 
open  only  to  pedestrians  or  riders, 
and  the  way  is  steep,  but  the  views 
are  finer  than  on  the  other  routes. 
These  are  both  traversed  by  carriage 
roads,  but  the  Tete  Noire  road  is 
passable  for  four-wheeled  carriages, 
so  that  it  takes  most  of  the  traffic, 
though  the  Sal  van  route  is  shorter, 
easier,  and  more  picturesque.  A  good 
walker  can  (as  is  indicated  below) 
combine  bits  of  these  routes  in  one 
day's  journey. 

1.  By  the  Col  de  Balme  (carriage 
road  to  Argentiere,  and  from  Trient, 
otherwise  mule  path  ;  7-8  hrs.) — It  ' 
is  better  to  take  this  route  in  this 
direction,  as  Chamonix  is  nearly  2,000 
ft.  higher  than  Martigny.  In  fine 
weather  a  guide  is  unnecessary,  and, 
except  on  a  clear  day,  the  other  routes 
are  much  to  be  preferred. 

The  road  up  the  valley  of  Chamonix 
runs  along  the  r.  bank  of  the  Arve 
till  it  crosses  to  the  1.  bank  at  Les 
Praz.  whence  branches  off  the  path 
to  the  Flegere  (Rte.  A.  Excursion 
10).  It  then  traverses  a  fine  forest 
wherein  stands  the  hamlet  of  Les 
Tines  (hence  to  the  Chapeau,  Rte.  A. 
Excursion  3),  and  mounts  through  a 
defile,  shortly  after  issuing  from  which 
the  Arve  is  again  crossed,  and  soon 
Argentiere  (1,250  m. ,  4,101  ft.)  is 
gained  ( 1  f  hr. )  This  village  lies  near 
the  lower  end  of  the  great  glacier  of 
the  same  name,  the  vast  extent  of 
which,  however,  cannot  be  guessed 
when  it  is  merely  seen  from  below. 

[The  Lognan  inn,  on  its  1.  bank, 
may  be  reached  by  a  bridle  path  in 

2  hrs. ,  and  the  excursion  extended  for 

3  hrs.  to  the  '  Jardin  d' Argentiere,'  a 
worthy  rival  of  the  more  famous  spot 


ROUTE  H.    CHAMONIX  TO  MARTIGNY 


38i 


in  the  Talefre  gl.  For  the  passes  from 
the  Argentiere  gl.  see  Rte.  L.] 

Above  Argentiere  the  valley  is  bare, 
the  forests  having  been  gradually 
destroyed  by  storms  and  avalanches, 
and  perhaps  still  more  by  the  careless- 
ness of  the  inhabitants ;  but  cultivation 
(as  well  as  the  char  road,  from  which 
soon  branches  off  that  to  2.  and  3. ) 
extends  as  far  as  the  hamlet  of  Le  Tour 
{\  hr. ),  near  the  termination  of  the 
Tour  gl.,  the  most  northerly  of  the 
great  glaciers  flowing  into  the  valley 
of  Chamonix.  (For  the  passes  thence 
to  Orsieres  and  Trient  see  Rte.  M.) 
Hence  the  ascent  to  the  Col,  passing 
the  chalets  of  Charamillon,  is  con- 
tinuous, but  nowhere  steep,  lying  up 
grass  slopes,  partly  over  lias,  partly 
over  the  debris  of  a  black,  friable 
slate,  a  member  of  the  Carboniferous 
series,  which  is  more  extensively 
developed  in  the  parallel  valley  of  the 
Eau  Noire  and  of  the  Trient.  The 
ridge  which  closes  the  valley  of 
Chamonix  on  the  N.E.  is  a  prolonga- 
tion of  that  separating  the  Tour  and 
Trient  glaciers.  N.W.  of  the  Col  de 
Balme  it  rises  into  a  peak  of  crumbling 
rock,  the  Croix  de  Fer,  2,344  m. , 
7,691  ft.  (easily  accessible  in  J  hr.  from 
the  pass),  whereon  Herr  Escher,  of 
Zurich,  was  dashed  to  pieces  by  a 
fall  in  1 79 1,  when  attempting  the 
ascent.  On  the  summit  of  the  Col  de 
Balme,  2,201  m. ,  7,221  ft.  (2  hrs. 
from  Argentiere),  there  is  a  stone 
marking  the  boundary  between  France 
and  Switzerland,  and  close  by  a 
mountain  inn.  The  view  hence  is 
justly  celebrated,  and  in  fine  weather 
this  route  should  always  be  preferred 
by  those  who  approach  Chamonix 
from  the  Vallais,  as  the  effect  of  the 
grand  range  of  Mont  Blanc,  seen 
from  its  nearest  summit,  the  Aiguille 
du  Chardonnet,  to  that  of  the  Aiguille 
du  Gouter,  with  the  opposite  range 
of  the  Aiguilles  Rouges,  is  enhanced 
by  the  charm  of  surprise  when  it  is 
suddenly  unrolled  before  the  eyes  of 
the  traveller  who  has  come  up  from 
the  narrow  gorge  of  the  Trient.  To 
the  N.E.  over  the  Forclaz  the  range 


of  the  Bernese  Alps,  between  the 
Diablerets  and  the  Jungfrau,  forms  a 
distinct  portion  of  the  panorama.  It 
may  be  extended  by  ascending  the 
Croix  de  Fer  or  the  lower  Rolktta 
(each  J  hr. )  Some  travellers  sleep  at 
the  inn  here,  for  the  sake  of  seeing 
the  sunrise,  but  the  sunset  effect  is 
preferable,  and  it  is  quite  possible  to 
reach  Chamonix  the  same  night. 
(For  the  Col  du  Tour  see  Rte.  M. ) 

[A  pedestrian  who  does  not  fear  to 
lengthen  his  day's  walk  may  descend 
in  2  hrs.  from  the  Col  by  a  path  past 
several  groups  of  chalets,  among  which 
are  those  of  Jeurs,  to  the  Tete  Noire 
inn,  visit  the  Gorges  Mysterieuses,  and 
in  if  hr.  from  the  inn  gain  Finhaut, 
thus  combining  on  the  way  to  Mar- 
tigny  the  most  interesting  parts  of  all 
three  routes.] 

The  descent  by  the  mule  track  from 
the  Col  towards  the  village  of  Trient. 
is  much  steeper  than  the  ascent  from 
Argentiere.  The  chalets  of  Her- 
bageres  (10  min.  below  the  Col) 
command  a  fine  view  of  the  Trient 
gl. ,  which  closes  the  series  of 
glaciers  that  drain  the  N.W.  flank  of 
the  Mont  Blanc  range.  The  forest 
through  which  the  steepest  part  of 
the  descent  lies  by  many  zigzags  has 
been  thinned,  and  partly  carried  away 
by  avalanches.  At  its  base  are  some 
meadows  (f  hr. ),  through  which  flows 
the  torrent  from  the  Trient  gl.  The 
natural  course  hence  to  the  Rhone 
valley  would  be  to  follow  that  torrent 
to  its  junction  with  the  great  river, 
and  this  in  truth  is  the  most  interesting 
route  (see  3,  below)  ;  the  shorter  way 
crosses  the  low  ridge  E.  of  this  plain 
and  follows  a  nearly  direct  line  down 
a  lateral  glen  of  the  Dranse.  In  these 
meadows  the  l.-hand  track  leads  to 
the  village  of  Trient,  but  a  pedestrian 
bound  for  Martigny  direct  should 
cross  the  torrent  and  ascend  a  steep 
slope,  so  as  to  join,  at  the  corner  of 
of  the  longest  zigzag,  the  road  coming 
from  the  Tete  Noire.  In  this  way 
the  Col  de  la  Forclaz  (1,520  m., 
4,987  ft.)  is  attained  in  f  hr.  from 
the  plain. 


382       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16. 


MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


[Hence  an  interesting  excursion 
may  be  made  along  the  ice-tramway 
line  to  the  foot  of  the  Trient  gl. 
(I  J-  hr. ),  and  then  a  path  up 
the  r.  bank  of  the  gl.  taken  ;  the 
gl.  may  be  crossed  J  hr.  above  its 
end,  and  the  return  effected  by  the 
opposite  bank — a  4  hrs.' round.  It 
is  possible  to  go  up  the  r.  bank  of 
that  gl.  to  the  Col  du  Trient,  and 
•  so  in  5^  hrs.  from  the  Forclaz  to  reach 
the  Orny  Club  hut,  Rte.  M.  From 
the  Forclaz  the  beautiful  view -point 
of  the  Arpille  (2,082  m.,  6,831  ft.), 
on  the  N.,  may  be  reached  in  \\  hr., 
and  the  descent  made  direct  thence 
in  3  hrs.  to  Martigny,  the  Tete  Noire, 
Salvan,  or  Vernayaz.  For  the  beautiful 
path  from  the  Forclaz  to  the  lake  of 
Champex  by  Bovine  see  Rte.  I.J 

About  \  hr.  below  the  pass  there 
opens  out  a  vista  of  vast  extent  along 
the  course  of  the  Rhone  from  Martigny 
to  beyond  Sierre,  and  even  to  the 
Balmhom  and  Bietschhorn  ranges. 
The  uniform  slope  of  the  mountains 
on  either  side  makes  this  and  other 
views  of  the  valley  of  the  Rhone  less 
interesting  than  they  would  otherwise 
be.  The  descent  lies  through  a  pleas- 
ant valley,  tolerably  well  planted, 
and  the  change  of  climate  is  very 
marked  on  reaching  the  region  of 
vines  and  chestnuts  through  which 
the  road  winds  in  many  zigzags, 
joining  that  from  the  Great  St.  Ber- 
nard at  Le  Brocard,  2\  m.  from 
Martigny- Ville.  But  pedestrians  may 
descend  direct  ( if  hr.  from  the  Forclaz) 
to  Martigny -Combe.  The  road  passes 
through  Martigny -Bourg  and  under 
an  avenue  of  fine  plane  trees  to 
Martigny-  Ville,  I  mile  farther  on 
(if  hr.  from  the  Forclaz  to  the 
railway  station). 

2.  By  the  iete  Noire  (good  char 
road;  hrs.) — A   line  drawn 

from  Servoz  to  Vernayaz,  in  the 
Rhone  valley,  through  the  valley 
of  the  Diosaz  and  that  of  Vallor- 
cine  marks  a  depression  parallel  to 
the  valley  of  Chamonix,  from  which 
it  is  separated  by  the  range  of  the 
Aiguilles  Rouges  and  the  Brevent.  N. 


of  Argentiere  this  barrier  subsides  to 
a  low  ridge,  traversed  by  a  road, 
which  turns  off  close  to  that  village, 
crosses  the  Arve,  and  ascends  over 
rough  ground,  past  the  hamlet  of 
Trelechamp,  to  the  C )l  des  Montets, 
1,445  m-5  ft-  (f  hr.)    After  a 

slight  descent  the  valley  of  Valloi'rine, 
sometimes  called  the  Val  de  Berard, 
opens  on  the  1.  near  the  hamlet  of  La 
Poyaz,  and  allows  a  glimpse  of  the 
snowy  summit  of  the  Buet. 

[A  fine  waterfall,  the  Cascade  de 
Berard,  may  be  reached  in  J  hr.  by 
a  mule  path.  It  lies  on  the  way 
through  the  Val  de  Berard,  by  which 
the  ascent  of  the  Buet  is  commonly 
made,  and  better  deserves  a  visit 
than  many  of  greater  celebrity.  The 
Eau  Noire  here  breaks  through  a 
mass  of  huge  granite  blocks  piled, 
together  in  the  wildest  confusion, 
and  springs  over  a  ledge  50  ft.  high 
into  a  dark  basin.  For  the  way  to 
Sixt  over  the  Buet  see  §  17.  Rte.  E, 
and  for  that  to  Finhaut  and  Salvan 
§  17.  Rtes.  F  and  I.] 

The  Arve,  and  also  the  Eau  Noire, 
are  crossed  before  an  easy  descent 
leads  (ij  hr.  from  Argentiere)  to 
the  hamlet  of  Vallorcine  (1,250  m., 
4,101  ft.),  the  last  village  in  France. 
A  massive  stone  bastion  has  been 
raised  to  protect  the  village  church 
from  the  destructive  force  of  the 
avalanches,  to  which  the  village  is 
much  exposed.  A  little  farther  the 
road  crosses  to  the  r.  bank  of  the 
Eau  Noire,  and  soon  after  reaches  the 
Hotel  de  la  Barber ine  (-J  hr. ),  near 
the  junction  of  the  Barberine  torrent 
with  the  main  stream. 

[Another  fine  waterfall,  that  of  the 
Barberi?ie,  much  higher,  but  less 
singular  than  that  of  Berard,  lies 
about  J  hr.  off.  For  the  passes 
through  the  Barberine  glen  to  Sixt, 
Champery,  Finhaut,  and  Salvan  see 
§  17.  Rtes.  F  and  I.J 

The  defile  of  the  Eau  Noire  through 
which  the  road  now  runs  has  been 
compared  to  the  Via  Mala,  but  is 
perhaps  more  beautiful  in  its  details, 
though  on  a  less  grand  scale.    It  lies 


ROUTE  II.    CHAMONIX  TO  MARTIGNY 


333 


between  the  Perron  and  the  Beloiseau, 
above  the  1.  bank,  and  the  N.  spurs 
of  the  Croix  de  Fer  range,  above  the 
r.  bank.  A  bridge  over  the  Eau 
Noire  marks  the  Swiss  frontier  (just 
across  which  is  the  Hotel  Suisse  du 
Chatelard),  and  \  hr.  from  the  Bar- 
berine  inn  the  bifurcation  of  the 
Trient  and  Salvan  roads  is  reached 
at  the  burnt  H.  Royal  du  Chdtelard. 
That  to  Trient  crosses  to  the  r. 
bank  of  the  Eau  Noire,  and  passes 
by  a  tunnel,  called  Roche  Percee, 
through  a  projecting  buttress  of  rock, 
before  gaining  (f  hr. )  the  Hotel  de  ia 
Tete  Noire,  which  commands  a  very 
beautiful  view.  (Near  here  there  are 
the  Gorges  Mysterieuses  of  the  Trient, 
which  are  worth  a  detour  of  20  min. , 
while  from  them  a  path  leads  up  in  1 
hr.  to  Finhaut,  high  above  the  other 
bank  of  that  stream. )  The  junction  of 
the  Eau  Noire  with  the  Trient  is  not 
seen  by  this  route,  as  the  road  turns 
out  of  the  defile,  and,  entering  the 
valley  of  Trient,  is  carried  nearly  at 
a  level  through  a  pine  forest  at  a  con- 
siderable height  above  the  stream. 
The  village  of  Trient  is  reached  after 
crossing  the  Trient  stream  in  f  hr. , 
and  thence  some  zigzags,  on  the 
longest  of  which  the  Col  de  Balme 
route  falls  in,  lead  up  to  the  Col  de 
la  Forclaz  (f  hr. )  The  way  thence 
to  Martigny  has  been  described 
above. 

3.  By  Salvan  (char  road  ;  8  firs. ) — 
The  glen  of  the  Trient,  which  de- 
scends from  the  Tete  Noire  to 
Vernayaz,  near  Martigny,  offers  a 
more  interesting  route  than  that  by 
the  Tete  Noire.  As  the  torrent  flows 
in  a  deep  ravine  it  is  impossible  to 
follow  it,  so  that  the  road  runs  high 
above  its  1.  bank,  along  very  pic- 
turesque and  well-wooded  slopes  on 
which  stand  many  villages. 

The  road  leaves  that  to  the  Tete 
Noire  at  the  burnt  Chdtelard  hotel 
(4  hrs.  from  Chamonix),  and  mounts 
in  zigzags  to  the  terrace  above  the 
torrent.  It  then  turns  to  the  N.E., 
and  after  a  descent  attains  the 
prettily  situated  village  of  Finhaut 


(locally   called  '  les   Fins  Hauts 
1,237  m.,  4,059  ft.  (if  hr.),  whence 
there  is  a  fine  view  of  the  Trient 
gl. ,  of  the  Aiguilles  Rouges,  etc. 

[Finhaut  is  coming  into  fashion 
as  a  health  resort,  and  many  pleas- 
ant excursions  not  involving  the  use 
of  the  rope  may  be  made  from  it 
as  a  centre.  The  ascents  most  to  be 
recommended  are  those  of  the  Six 
Jeur,  2,056  m.,  6,746  ft.,  2§  hrs., 
of  the  Beloiseati  (2,638  m.,  8,655  ft.), 
4  hrs.,  and  of  the  Fontanabraii 
(2,697  m.,  8,849  ft-) ,  5  hrs.  For 
the  way  to  Sixt  or  Champery  by  the 
Col  de  la  Gueula  and  the  Barberine 
glen,  see  §  17.  Rtes.  F  and  I.J 

A  short  ascent  from  Finhaut  leads 
to  a  point  whence  Mont  Blanc  is 
seen  over  the  Col  des  Montets. 
A  steep  descent  through  a  forest 
(8  zigzags)  then  brings  the  traveller 
to  the  hamlet  of  Triquent,  994  m., 
3,261  ft.  (|  hr.)  (Hence  the  ro- 
mantic gorges  of  the  Triege  may 
be  visited,  wooden  bridges  giving 
access  to  the  ravine,  in  which  are 
pretty  cascades. )  Very  soon  after  the 
road  crosses  by  a  lofty  bridge  the 
Triege  torrent,  coming  down  from 
the  Emaney  glen.  The  scenery  here 
has  been  compared  to  that  of  the 
Pantenbrticke,  in  the  Linththal  (Gla- 
rus).  The  road  now  runs  nearly  at  a 
level  to  Salvan,  925  m.,  3,035  ft. ■ 
(J  hr. )  This  has  of  recent  years  be- 
come a  much-visited  spot,  especially 
by  families  from  French-speaking 
Switzerland.  It  is  charmingly  situ- 
ated on  a  green  terrace. 

[Many  excursions  can  also  be  made 
from  here.  It  is  a  pleasant  walk  of 
2  hrs.  to  the  Cretise  chalets,  on  the  W. , 
whence  there  is  a  fine  view  of  Mont 
Blanc.  The  great  excursion  is  that 
to  the  Sala?ife  hollow,  at  the  foot  of 
the  Dent  du  Midi.  This  may  be 
reached  from  Salvan  by  a  path  up  the 
Sallanche  gorge  (2±  hrs.),  but  it  is 
much  more  interesting  to  go  by  way 
of  the  Col  d? Emaney  (2,427  m., 
7,963  ft.,  4  hrs.),  from  which  the 
Luisin  (2,786  m.,  9,141  ft.)  is  acces- 
sible in  I  nr.,  the  view  thence* being 


384       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.   MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


very  fine.  The  highest  point  of  the  1 
Dent  du  Midi  (3,260  m.,  10,696  ft.)  1 
is  best  reached  in  4  hrs.  from  Salanfe, 
where  there  is  a  small  inn  in  summer, 
and  many  other  climbs  may  be  made 
from  the  same  centre.  See  §  17.  Rte. 
H.  Full  details  will  be  found  in  the 
excellent  work  by  Monsieur  Wagnon, 
'  Autour  de  Salvan,5  2nd  edition, 
1895.3 

Soon  after  quitting  Salvan  the  road 
reaches  the  edge  of  a  steep  descent, 
which  is  effected  through  a  small 
valley,  under  the  shade  of  chestnut 
and  walnut  trees,  by  a  series  of  43 
bold  though  short  zigzags.  The 
Rhone  valley  is  attained  at  the  mouth 
of  the  gorges  of  the  Trient,  where  is 
the  village  of  Vernayaz  (f  hr. ),  on 
the  main  railway  line  from  St. 
Maurice  to  Brieg  (§21.  Rte.  A),  3  m. 
from  Martigny. 


Route  I. 

CHAMONIX    OR.    MARTIGNY    TO  OR- 
SIERES BY  CHAMPEX. 

At  the  extreme  N.E.  end  of  the 
Mont  Blanc  chain  rises  the  Catogne 
(2,599  m.,  8,527  ft.,  a  summit  of  sur- 
prising boldness,  though  of  moderate 
height.  It  is  separated  from  the  main 
mass  of  the  Mont  Blanc  range  by  a 
hollow  in  which  lies  the  exquisite 
Lake  of  Champex.  This  may  be 
easily  taken  on  the  way  to  Orsieres  ! 
either  by  a  traveller  who  has  reached 
the  Forclaz  from  Chamonix,  but  does 
not  wish  to  descend  to  Martigny,  or 
by  one  who  desires  to  avoid  most 
of  the  dusty  high  road  from  Martigny 
to  Orsieres.  The  route  is  a  very  in- 
teresting and  agreeable  one,  and  of 
late  years  the  neighbourhood  of  the 
Lake  (around  which  are  several  inns) 
has  become  a  favourite  resort  of 
families  from  French-speaking  Swit- 
zerland. 


(a)  If  comingfrom  Chamonix ,  the 
traveller  should  take  a  path  from  the 
Forclaz  (see  last  Rte.),  which  starts 
close  to  the  little  inn,  and  ascends 
gradually,  amid  pastures  and  pine 
trees,  to  a  point  below  the  Pointe  de 
Bovine,  2,174m.,  7,133  ft.  {i\  hr.), 
between  the  chalets  of  La  Gie.te  and 
those  of  Bovine.  Hence  there  is  a 
most  magnificent  view,  which  reaches 
to  the  E.  end  of  the  Lake  of  Geneva, 
and  includes  many  of  the  Bernese 
Alps,  the  Diablerets  alone  being 
hidden  in  the  long  line  between  the 
Buet  and  the  Finsteraarhorn.  The 
Grand  Combin  group  stands  out 
splendidly  on  the  r.  The  Signal 
may  be  reached  in  a  few  minutes,  but 
the  view  is  not  so  fine  thence  as 
from  the  little  col  before  Bovine,  on 
issuing  from  the  forest.  Beyond 
Bovine  the  path  winds  round  a  cor- 
ner of  the  mountain,  bearing  to  the 
r. ,  and  then  descends  by  steep 
zigzags  to  cross  the  Durnant  torrent 
high  up  by  a  plank  bridge,  and  later 
the  torrent  from  the  Lake  of  Cham- 
pex, in  order  to  gain  the  saw  mill  of 
Mariotty  {\\  hr.  from  Bovine),  where 
this  path  joins  that  described  under 
b. 

(b)  A  traveller  coming  from  Mar- 
tigny must  follow  the  high  road  to- 
wards the  Great  St.  Bernard  (§18. 
Rte.  A)  as  far  as  the  hamlet  of  Les 
V alettes  (about  4m.),  a  little  below 
Bovernier.  Hence  he  can  take  the 
zigzag  char  road  which  mounts  in 
J  hr.  to  the  entrance  to  the  fine 
Gorges  of  the  Durnant  (see  §  18.  Rte. 
A),  and  then  either  go  through  them 
by  a  foot  path,  or  mount  high  above 
the  r.  bank  of  the  Durnant  by  a 
mule  path,  which  is  later  joined  by 
the  path  from  the  gorges  hr. ) 
The  mule  path  passes  through  a  fine 
forest  of  larches,  and  makes  two 
successive  steep  ascents  before  reach- 
ing Mariotty  {i\  hr. ) 

It  then  passes  along  the  edge  of  a 
forest,  amid  beautiful  scenery,  crosses 
the  low  wooded  ridge  which  holds  in 
the  lake,  and  attains  its  E.  shore 
(J-I  hr.). 


ROUTE  K.    ORSIERES  TO  COURMAYEUR  385 


This  secluded  lake  (1,470  m., 
4,823  ft.),  fringed  with  pine  forest, 
and  backed  by  the  noble  group 
of  the  Grand  Combin  and  its  neigh- 
bours, is  one  of  the  most  exquisite 
spots  in  the  Alps.  But  the  inns  and 
bustle  in  the  height  of  summer  rather 
spoil  the  scene  for  lovers  of  nature. 

[There  are  many  pretty  walks 
around  this  charming  place,  such  as 
that  to  the  Arpette  glen.  The  Catogne 
(2,599  m.,  8,527  ft.)  itself  can  be 
climbed  in  3  hrs.  by  the  great  couloir  of 
debris  in  its  S.  W.  flank.  A  favourite 
excursion  is  to  go  in  3  J  hrs.  by  the  Col  j 
de  la  Breya  (2,409  m.,  7,904  ft.)  to  j 
the  Orny  Club  hut  (see  Rte.  M)  to  j 
sleep.  The  next  day  a  pleasant  round  j 
of  9  hrs.  back  to  Champex  may  be 
made  thence  by  crossing  the  Col  des 
Plines,  then  ascending  the  Portalet 
(3^345  m->  IO>975  ft-)>  and  descend- 
ing W.  of  the  Pointe  des  Plines  to 
the  Saleinaz  gl.  This  is  crossed  to 
its  r.  bank,  and  the  return  made 
past  the  Saleinaz  Club  hut  to  Praz  de 
Fort,  taking  a  little  path  which 
mounts  from  the  high  road  beyond 
Ville  dTssert  and  so  leads  home.  3 

The  descent  from  the  lake  is  rapid, 
and  the  traveller  gains  the  road  in  the 
Swiss  Ferret  valley  (Rte.  K),  a  few 
minutes  before  entering  Orsieres  (a 
short  hour  from  the  lake). 


Route  K. 

ORSIERES  TO  COURMAYEUR  BY  THE 
COL  FERRET. 

Char  road  from  Orsieres  to  the  Swiss 
Ferret  chalets,  and  from  Ferache'  to 
Courmayeur  (its  completion  is  pro- 
jected) ;  mule  path  over  the  Col. 
8^-9  hrs. 

The  line  of  depression  extending 
parallel  to  the  crystalline  range  of 
Mont  Blanc  from  the  Col  de  la  Seigne 
to  Orsieres  is  partially  interrupted  by 

I. 


a  ridge  which  connects  the  Mont 
Dolent  with  the  minor  range  of 
schistose  carboniferous  strata  stretch- 
ing through  the  Grand  Golliaz  to  the 
Grande  Rochere.  Over  this  ridge 
lies  the  Col  Ferret  (or  Grand  Ferret/, 
passable  for  mules,  and  frequented  by 
those  who  make  the  tour  of  Mont 
Blanc,  and  who  wish  to  take  the  most 
direct  route  from  Martigny  to  Cour- 
mayeur, though,  since  the  completion 
of  the  carriage  road  on  the  Swiss  side 
of  the  Great  St.  Bernard,  that  pass  is 
probably  now  the  shortest  route  be- 
tween the  two  places  named. 

[Two  other  passes  cross  the  same 
ridge  further  N.  W.  and  S.  E.  The  Petit 
Ferret  (2,489  m.,  8,166  ft.  ),  or  the 
Pas  de  Chantonet,  is  nearer  the  Mont 
Blanc  range,  but  is  steeper  and  shorter 
than  the  Grand  Ferret,  while  it  is  not 
so  much  frequented  by  strangers,  as 
it  is  not  passable  for  mules,  and  the 
view  from  it  is  inferior.  The  Col  du 
Ban  d^Arrey  (2,695  m->  8,842  ft.) 
lies  to  the  S.E.  of  the  Grand  Ferret, 
and  is  also  not  passable  for  mules, 
but  it  is  convenient  for  a  traveller 
coming  from  the  Great  St.  Bernard 
by  the  Col  de  Fenetre  and  bound  for 
Courmayeur  direct.  See  §18.  Rte.  B.J 
The  valleys  on  either  side  of  the 
Col  Ferret  are  known  as  the  Val 
Ferret and  may  be  best  distinguished 
as  the  Swiss  and  Italian  Val  Ferrets 
respectively.  The  view  from  the  Col 
is  in  clear  weather  very  interesting, 
but  in  other  respects  the  scenery  of 
this  route  is  not  quite  equal  to  that  of 
the  other  low  passes  in  the  neighbour- 
hood of  Mont  Blanc. 

From  Orsieres  the  char  road  runs 
along  the  1.  bank  of  the  Dranse, 
soon  passing  the  junction  of  the 
Dranse  de  Ferret  with  the  Dranse 
d'Entremont,  which  descends  from 
the  Great  St.  Bernard.  The  princi- 
pal hamlet  in  the  Swiss  Val  Ferret  is 
Ville  d'Issert  (f  hr. )  This  glen  con- 
tains many  hamlets,  and  appears 
fertile  and  well  planted  with  fruit 
trees ;  but  although  it  presents  an 
agreeable  contrast  to  those  who  de- 
scend into  it  from  the  glaciers  de- 
c  c 


386        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


scribed  in  other  Rtes.  the  scenery  is 
not  of  a  very  striking  character.  The 
second  hamlet  after  Ville  dTssert  is 
Praz  de  Fort  (\  hr. ),  close  to  which 
the  stream  from  the  Saleinaz  gl. 
joins  the  Dranse. 

[Hence  it  is  hrs.  up  to  the  new 
and  finely-placed  Saleinaz  Club  htit, 
see  Rte.  M.] 

Beyond  Branche  the  two  small 
glaciers  of  Planereuse  and  of  Treutz 
Bouc  are  seen  hanging  over  the  W. 
side  of  the  valley,  and  the  road  (now 
fit  for  small  chars  only),  which  since 
Praz  de  Fort  has  kept  to  the  r.  bank, 
mounts  more  rapidly  to  La  Fouly. 
1,594  m.,  5,230  ft.  (2§hrs.'  walking 
from  Orsieres),  a  group  of  chalets 
where  there  was  formerly  an  inn. 
Nearly  opposite,  in  a  forest  of  larches, 
is  the  opening  leading  up  to  the  La 
Neuvaz  gl.  (For  the  way  to  the 
Col  d'Argentiere  see  Rte.  L. )  About 
\  hr.  further  on  are  the  Ferret  chalets 
(1,693  m->  5' 555  ft*) j  where  the  char 
road  comes  to  an  end,  and  where 
there  is  now  a  small  inn.  (A  little 
before  reaching  them  the  steep  zigzag 
path  to  the  Petit  Ferret  turns  of!  to 
the  r. ,  rejoining  the  main  track  at 
the  Pre  de  Bar  chalets,  on  the  other 
side  of  the  Col. )  At  the  Ars  huts 
(J  hr.  beyond)  the  tracks  to  the  Col 
de  Fenetre  for  the  Great  St.  Bernard 
(§  18.  Rte.  B),  to  the  Coldes  Planards 
forBourgSt.  Pierre  (§  18.  Rte.  C), 
and  to  the  Col  du  Ban  d'Arrey  (men- 
tioned above)  turn  off  from  the 
Ferret  path.  This  path  mounts  over 
the  remains  of  a  great  landslip  which 
in  1776  destroyed  some  of  the  Peulaz 
huts,  where  the  track  bears  S.W. 
The  way  lies  among  Jurassic  lime- 
stone rocks,  small  patches  of  which, 
the  remains  of  extensive  deposits,  re- 
moved by  denudation,  are  found  over- 
lying the  carboniferous  strata  that 
surround  the  crystalline  mass  of  Mont 
Blanc.  The  last  part  of  the  ascent  is 
steep,  and  about  if  hr.  is  required 
from  the  Ferret  huts  to  reach  (5  hrs. 
from  Orsieres)  the  Col  Ferret  (2,533 
m. ,  8,31 1  ft. ),  a  depression  in  the  ridge 
extending   from    the   Mont  Dolent 


(3,823  m.,  12,543  ft.)  to  the  Grand 
Golliaz  (3,240  m. ,  10,630  ft.)  The 
view  extends  along  the  Italian  Val 
Ferret,  and  up  the  Allee  Blanche  to 
the  Col  de  la  Seigne.  The  Grandes 
Jorasses  is  partly  hidden  by  the  Mont 
Gruetta  spur,  but  every  detail  of  the 
Mont  Dolent  and  Triolet  gls.  can 
be  seen,  as  well  as  the  fine  peaks 
which  overhang  them  ;  the  chief  of 
these  is  the  Mont  Dolent  (3,823  m. , 
12,543  ft.),  where  the  Swiss,  French, 
and  Italian  frontiers  meet,  and  which 
is  easily  climbed  from  the  chalets 
of  Pre  de  Bar  or  the  Triolet  Club 
hut  (Rte.  L).  To  the  E.  the  Mont 
Velari  and  to  the  N.E.  some  of  the 
Bernese  peaks  are  seen. 

The  Italian  Val  Ferret  is  far  wilder 
and  more  rugged  than  the  Swiss  glen 
of  the  same  name.  Avalanches  and 
bergfalls  have  destroyed  most  of  the 
timber,  and  ruined  pastures  and 
chalets.  One  of  the  most  consider- 
able on  record  destroyed  on  Septem- 
ber 12,  17 1 7,  a  group  of  chalets  near 
the  base  of  the  Triolet  gl.  The 
track  lies  over  soft  slaty  soil,  in  which 
the  rains  cut  deep  trenches,  and  for 
some  distance  is  carried  along  the  1. 
bank  of  the  valley  at  a  great  height 
above  the  torrent,  passing  a  cross 
which  serves  to  guide  those  who 
approach  the  Col  from  Courmayeur. 
The  first  chalets  are  those  of  Pre  de 
Bar,  2,060  m.,  6,759  ft.  (less  than 
j  hr.  from  the  pass),  just  at  the  foot 
of  the  steep  descent  from  the  Col. 
(For  the  pass  hence  to  the  Argentiere 
gl.  see  Rte.  L. )  Several  other 
groups  of  chalets  are  passed  on  the 
way  down  the  valley.  Near  those  of 
Sagivan  the  way  to  the  Triolet  gl. 
and  Club  hut  (Rte.  D)  turns  off. 
Lower  down  are  the  huts  of  Ferache 
(here  begins  the  char  road),  La 
Vachey,  Pra  Sec,  and  Planpansier. 
The  stream  is  crossed  at  La  Vachey, 
but  below  Planpansier  the  road  returns 
to  the  1.  bank,  and,  passing  under 
the  Mont  de  la  Saxe,  reaches  Cour- 
mayeur in  3§-4  hrs.  from  the  Col. 
5  hrs.  or  more  are  required  when  the 
start  is  made  from  Courmayeur. 


ROUTE  L.    CHAMONIX  TO  ORSIERES 


387 


Route  L. 

CHAMONIX  TO  ORSIERES  BY  THE 
ARGENTIERE  GLACIER. 

The  Argentiere  glacier,  one  of  the 
greatest  and  certainly  one  of  the 
most  beautiful  glaciers  of  the  chain  of 
Mont  Blanc,  descends  nearly  at  right 
angles  to  the  valley  of  Chamonix.  It 
lies  between  the  route  extending  from 
the  Aiguille  de  Triolet  (3,876  m. , 
12,717  ft.) j  through  the  Courtes 
(3,855  m.,  12,648  ft.)  and  the 
Droites  (4,030  m.,  13,222  ft.)  to  the 
Aiguille  Verte  (4,127  m.,  13,541  ft.) 
on  one  side,  and  that  which  includes 
Mont  Dolent  (3,823  m.,  12,543  ft.), 
the  Tour  Noir  (3.836  m.,  12,586  ft.), 
the  Aiguille  d' Argentiere  (3,907  m., 
12,819  ft.),  and  the  Aiguille  du  Char- 
donnet  (3,822  m.,  12,540  ft.)  on  the 
other.  The  older  maps  of  the  glacier, 
all  based  on  the  Sardinian  map, 
represent  the  range  between  the 
Chardonnet  and  the  Tour  Noir  as 
separating  the  Argentiere  glacier  from 
the  head  of  the  Tour  glacier,  while  a 
second  range,  whose  highest  summit 
has  been  called  the  Pointe  des  Plines, 
divides  the  latter  from  the  Saleinaz 
glacier.  Such  was  the  supposed 
topography  of  the  ridge  bounding  the 
Argentiere  glacier  on  the  N.  E.  as 
late  as  1862.  In  that  year  Mr.  A. 
Adams-Reilly  crossed  the  Col  d' Argen- 
tiere, and  was  so  much  struck  by  the 
discrepancies  between  the  existing 
maps  and  the  appearance  of  this  ridge 
that  he  resolved  to  make  a  serious 
attempt  to  ascertain  their  origin  and 
the  true  state  of  things.  In  the  fol- 
lowing year  he  therefore  returned  to 
Chamonix  with  a  good  theodolite, 
and  after  commencing  his  work  on 
the  Argentiere  glacier  was  led  to 
undertake  a  general  map  of  the  range 
of  Mont  Blanc,  in  the  course  of 
which  he  determined  the  position  of 
about  200  points,  the  only  trust- 
worthy materials  he  had  being  Prin- 
cipal Forbes5  map  of  the  Mer  de 


Glace  and  the  Dufour  map  for  the 
small  bit  of  the  chain  lying  in  Swiss 
territory.    The  result  of  this  survey 
proved  that  the  Pointe  des  Plines  of 
;   previous  maps  was  simply  the  name 
given  to  the  Aiguille  d?  Argentiere, 
i   when  seen  from  the  Saleinaz  glacier, 
'   and  that  the  secondary  range  had  no 
separate  existence.     Principal  Forbes 
I   says  of  Mr.   Reilly's  discovery,  as 
;   shown  on  his  map,   i  To  state  its 
chief  result  in  a  single  sentence,  two 
mountains,  each  13,000  ft.  high,  and 
standing  on  the  old  maps  i-J  mile 
apart,    were    pulled    together  and 
made  one  ;    while  a  snow  field  of 
some  4  square  miles  in  extent  was 
annihilated.  '*    Thus  the  Tour  glacier 
has  really  but  half  the  length  assigned 
to  it  on  the  older  maps. 

The  best   starting  point  for  any 
expeditions  in  the  ridges  surrounding 
j  the  Argentiere  glacier  is   now  the 
little  Lognan  inn  (  2,043  m.,  6,703  ft.), 
situated  on  the  1.  bank  of  the  Argen- 
tiere  glacier,    and   overlooking  the 
very  fine  icefall.    It  may  be  reached 
in  2  hrs.  by  a  mule  path  from  the 
village  of  Argentiere,  or  in  3  hrs. 
from  Chamonix  by  way  of  the  Cha- 
peau  track  and  a  very  pretty  path  past 
the  Pendant  huts.     The  mule  path 
continues  for  about  20  min.  beyond 
1  the  inn,  when  it  is  necessary  to  follow 
the  moraine  on  the  1.  bank  to  its 
I  furthest  extremity,  and  then  the  edge 
I   of  the  glacier  until  well  above  the 
icefall.     In  this  way  the  upper  pla- 
I  teau  of  the  glacier  is  reached  in  about 
hr.  from  the  inn.    This  is  the  real 
starting  point  for  all  the  expeditions 
i   (save  the  Mont  Dolent)  to  be  described 
i   in  this  Route.     It  is  extraordinarily 
j   flat  and  of  great  extent,  while  it  is 
I  surrounded  on  all  sides,  particularly 
I  on  the  S.  and  W. ,  by  a  barrier  of 
precipices.    The  range  between  the 
Aiguille  Verte  and  the  Aiguille  de 
Triolet  is,  for  the  most  part,  bare 
rock,  save  where  it  is  streaked  by 
snow  couloirs.      By  means   of  the 
rocks  on  the  side  of  one  of  these 
gullies   the   only  pass   ever  forced 
I  across    this    formidable   range  was 

c  c  2 


388        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


effected  in  1894,  the  Col  des  Courtes, 
at  its  S.E.  extremity,  leading  to  the 
Talefre  basin,  while  the  Courtes  and 
the  Aiguille  Verte  have  each  been 
once  scaled,  in  1876,  from  this  side 
by  very  steep  and  dangerous  routes. 
On  the  opposite  side  of  the  glacier 
there  descends  from  between  the 
Aiguilles  du  Chardonnet  and  d'Argen- 
tiere the  Chardonnet  glacier,  leading 
up  to  the  Col  du  Chardonnet.  The 
Col  d'Argentiere  is  near  the  S.E. 
corner  of  the  glacier,  while  the  Col 
du  Mont  Doient  leads  over  the  ridge 
at  its  very  head.  It  is  well  worth 
the  while  of  those  who  do  not  pro- 
pose to  cross  any  of  the  high  passes 
leading  from  this  glacier  to  visit  the 
upper  plateau  of  the  Argentiere  gla- 
cier, an  easy  and  interesting  excur- 
sion. 

It  is  possible  to  gain  Orsieres  from 
the  Argentiere  glacier  by  three  passes 
at  least,  all  leading  into  the  Swiss 
Val  Ferret.  These  are  the  Col  du 
Chardonnet  and  the  Col  du  Tour 
Noir,  both  giving  access  to  the 
Saleinaz  glacier,  and  the  Col  d'Argen- 
tiere, by  which  the  La  Neuvaz  glacier 
is  attained.  A  fourth  pass,  the  Col 
du  Mont  Doient,  may  be  best  de- 
scribed in  this  Route,  though  it  brings 
a  traveller  to  the  very  head  of  the 
Italian  Val  Ferret,  and  so  leads  to 
Courmayeur  rather  than  to  Orsieres. 

1 .  By  the  Col  du  Chardonnet.  — This 
is  the  most  important  and  useful  of 
all  these  passes,  and  is  that  most 
frequently  traversed,  as  it  affords  a 
fine  route  towards  Zermatt.  It  lies 
between  the  Aiguilles  du  Chardonnet 
and  d'Argentiere,  and  was  first 
crossed  by  Messrs.  Adams-Reilly  and 
Brandram  in  1863.  From  the  upper 
plateau  of  the  Argentiere  glacier  the 
main  glacier  is  crossed  to  the  foot  of 
the  Chardonnet  glacier,  which  de- 
scends from  the  pass  (aj  hrs.  from 
the  Lognan  inn).  It  is  necessary  to 
mount  some  way  by  the  huge  moraine 
on  the  r.  bank  of  that  glacier,  and 
then  by  the  ice  to  the  Col  (3,325  m., 
10,909  ft.),  reached  in  2  hrs.  from 
the  foot  of  the  lateral  glacier. 


The  descent  lies  down  the  rocks  on 
the  1.  of  a  great  steep  snow  slope, 
the  upper  snows  of  the  Saleinaz 
glacier  being  reached  in  about  \  hr. 
Orsieres  may  now  be  gained  by  one 
of  three  routes. 

a.  That  usually  taken  up  to  1894 
is  to  pass  through  the  striking  Feyietre 
de  Saleinaz,  3,264  m.,  10,709  ft. 
(Rte.  M),  at  the  N.W.  corner  of 
the  glacier,  to  the  Tour  glacier, 
whence  the  Col  du  Tour  route 
(Rte.  M)  is  followed  down  the  Orny 
glacier,  and  Orsieres  reached  in  5 
hrs.  from  the  Col  du  Chardonnet. 
In  1864  Mr.  A.  W.  Moore,  with 
Christian  Aimer,  went  from  Lognan 
to  Orsieres  by  this  route  in  7 J  hrs.' 
walking,  a  tour  de  force.  (It  is  a 
pleasant  one  day's  excursion  from  the 
Lognan  inn  to  Chamonix  or  the 
Montenvers  to  cross  the  Col  du  Tour 
on  reaching  the  Tour  glacier  by  the 
route  described,  and  so  regain  the 
Arve  valley. ) 

b.  From  the  upper  snows  of  the 
Saleinaz  glacier  it  is  possible  to 
descend  direct  through  the  great  ice- 
fall  of  that  glacier,  but  this  requires 
good  guides  and  plenty  of  time. 

C  There  is  another  route  which 
will  doubtless  now  be  the  popular  one. 
This  leads  from  the  new  Saleinaz 
Club  hut,  2,691  in.,  8,829  ft.  (see 
\   Rte.   M),    on   the  r.   bank  of  the 
;   glacier  of  that  name,  and  at  the  N. 
1   foot  of  the    Pointe  de  Planereuse, 
which  stands  high  above  the  icefailjust 
mentioned.   A  track,  with  some  steps 
cut  in  the  rock,  and  fixed  chains, 
i   leads  down  the   polished  rocks  on 
;   the  r.  bank  of  the  Saleinaz  glacier, 
\   then  crosses  the  moraine  and  torrent 
below7  to  the  1.  bank,  reaching  the 
Col  Ferret  path  near  Praz  de  Fort, 
and  by  it  Orsieres,  in  2§  hrs.  from 
the  hut. 

The  Aiguille  d'Argentiere  (3.907 

m.,  12,819  ft. )  mav  be  gained  from  the 
Col  du  Chardonnet  by  the  N.W. 
arete,  but  it  is  best  to  climb  from  the 
Chardonnet  glacier  by  rocks  or  a 
snow  couloir  direct  to  that  arete, 
where  it  rises  to  form  the  rocky  and 


ROUTE  L.    CHAMONIX  TO  ORSIERES 


389 


lower  W.  summit,  the  higher  being 
gained  after  a  traverse  on  the  N.  side 
of  the  ridge  connecting  the  two  peaks 
(6  hrs.  from  Lognan).  It  was  by  the 
last-named  route  that  the  first  ascent 
was  made,  in  1864,  by  Messrs. 
Adams- Reilly  and  Whymper.  It  is 
possible  also  to  attain  the  top  from 
every  other  side.  The  view  is  ex- 
ceedingly fine.  The  Aiguille  du 
Chardonnet  (3,822  m.,  12,540  ft.) 
was  first  reached  in  1865  by  Mr. 
Robert  Fowler,  with  two  Chamonix 
guides.  It  is  best  reached  by  way  of 
the  highest  snowy  gap  in  the  N.W. 
arete,  which  may  be  attained  from 
Argentiere  in  6  hrs.  by  the  r.  bank 
of  the  Argentiere  gl.  (1  hr.  additional, 
if  passing  by  Lognan,  on  the  1.  bank) 
and  the  small  glacier  on  the  W.  of 
the  peak,  more  than  3  hrs.  being  re- 
quired thence  to  the  summit. 

2.  By  the  Col  du  Tour  Noir. — 
There  are  two  gaps,  separated  by 
the  Aiguille  de  la  Neuvaz^  3,731  m., 
12,241  ft.  (wrongly  called  Darrey 
on  several  maps),  between  the  Aig. 
d'Argentiere  and  the  Tour  Noir. 
The  ascent  to  either  from  the  Argen- 
tiere glacier  lies  up  the  lateral 
Amethystes  glacier,  and  is  easy  (4J 
hrs.  from  Lognan).  The  descent 
from  that  close  to  the  Tour  Noir 
has  not  yet  been  effected,  but  is 
said  to  present  no  great  difficulties. 
That  (3,541  m.,  11,618  ft.)  nearer 
the  Aiguille  d'Argentiere  has  been 
crossed  but  once  in  either  direction, 
and  is  not  recommended,  as  the 
great  slope  on  the  Saleinaz  side  offers 
very  great  difficulties  and  dangers. 
It  was  first  crossed  from  the  Log- 
nan side  in  1864  by  Messrs.  H.  B. 
George  and  R.  J.  S.  Macdonald, 
with  Christian  Aimer  and  Melchior 
Anderegg.  The  descent  to  the 
Saleinaz  glacier  lay  down  a  perilously 
steep  slope,  about  350  m.  (1,148  ft. ) 
high,  and  composed  mainly  of  hard 
ice,  so  that  it  cost  hrs.  of  severe 
and  dangerous  work,  followed  by  a 
clear  fall  of  30  ft.  over  the  lip  of  a 
bergschrund,  to  gain  the  Saleinaz 
glacier.     The    second    party — Mr. 


H.  G.  Fordham  and  M.  John  Jac- 
cottet,  with  Justin  Bessart  and  Aulet, 
in  1890 — took  exactly  the  same  time 
to  cut  up  this  slope  from  the  Saleinaz 
glacier.  This  passage  must,  there- 
fore, be  reckoned  as  one  of  the 
greatest  tours  de  force  ever  made  in 
the  Alps,  the  first  party  having 
crossed  it  by  mistake  for  the  Col 
d'Argentiere,  owing  to  the  badness 
of  the  then  existing  maps. 

From  the  Saleinaz  side  the  routes 
are  as  described  under  I.  above. 

3.  By  the  Col  d'Argentiere. — This 
pass  lies  immediately  S.  of  the  Tour- 
Noir,  and  affords  a  route  from  Log- 
nan to  Orsieres  which  is  far  more 
circuitous  than  the  two  passes  already 
described.  It  was  discovered  first  by 
Auguste  Simond,  and  first  reached 
from  Lognan  on  August  I,  i860, 
by  Messrs.  F.  F.  Tuckett  and  W. 
Wigram,  under  Simond's  guidance, 
a  thick  fog  and  constant  snow  ava- 
lanches forcing  the  party  to  give  up  the 
idea  of  descending  on  the  Swiss 
side.  It  was  first  crossed  in  1861 
by  Mr.  Stephen  Winkworth,  with 
Auguste  Simond,  his  son  Francois, 
and  Tobie  Simond.  1  The  ice  stream 
(now  called  the  Tour  Noir  glacier) 
from  the  Col  d'Argentiere  descends 
in  a  mass  of  irregular  seracs,  alternat- 
ing with  slopes  of  neve,  from  a  snow 
ridge  guarded  on  the  N.  side  by  the 
Tour  Noir,  and  on  the  S.  by  the 
serrated  ridge  of  the  A  iguilles  Rouges 
du  Dolent  (3,691  m.,  12,110  ft.), 
leading  up  to  the  Mont  Dolent.  The 
stream  is  bounded  on  the  1.  side 
(ascending)  by  a  buttress  of  the  Tour 
Noir,  and  on  the  r.  by  two  masses 
of  rock  which  crop  out  from  the 
glacier  like  the  Grand  and  Petit  Ro- 
gnons5  (A.  A.-R.,  revised.)  From  the 
higher  portion  of  the  great  upper 
plateau  of  the  Argentiere  glacier  the 
ascent  is  made  by  the  r.  bank  of 
the  Tour  Noir  glacier,  where  it  is 
least  crevassed,  the  pass  (3,516  m., 
11,536  ft.)  being  attained  in  about 
5  hrs.  from  the  Lognan  inn.  It  com- 
mands a  magnificent  view  towards 
the  E.,  in  which  the  Grand  Combin, 


39Q        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


the  Dent  Blanche,  and  the  Weiss- 
horn  are  conspicuous. 

[From  the  Col  the  summit  of  the 
Tour  Noir  (3,836  m.,  12.586  ft.) 
can  be  reached  in  if  hr.  by  climb- 
ing along  the  crest  of  the  S.  arete  to 
the  foot  of  the  final  peak,  then 
traversing  the  S.E.  face  by  a  level 
and  very  narrow  ledge,  till  it  is 
possible  to  climb  up  direct  to  the  top. 
The  first  ascent  was  made  by  this 
route,  in  1876,  by  M.  E.  Javelle  and 
Mr.  F.  F.  Turner.  M.  Javelle's 
description  of  the  expedition  is  given 
in  his  'Souvenirs  d'un  Alpiniste,' 
and  is  often  reckoned  as  one  of  the 
best  Alpine  papers  ever  written.  J 

The  slope  on  the  Argentiere  side 
of  the  Col  is  not  very  steep,  but  the 
sheer  descent  on  the  opposite  or  E. 
side  is  positively  startling.  The 
early  explorers  effected  a  descent  down 
the  couloir  immediately  below  the 
pass,  or  by  a  difficult  circuit  under 
the  rocks  of  the  Tour  Noir.  It  has, 
however,  been  found  best  to  mount 
the  rocks  on  the  N.  of  the  pass  for 
a  short  distance — 500  ft.  or  so — and 
then  to  descend  E.  by  the  crest  of 
the  rocky  spur  which  forms  the  r. 
boundary  of  a  small  lateral  glacier, 
finally  taking  to  that  glacier  in  order 
to  reach  the  considerable  La  Netivaz 
glacier.  This  glacier  unites  the 
several  ice  streams  flowing  from  this 
part  of  the  range,  and  itself  flows 
about  due  E.  to  the  Swiss  Val 
Ferret. 

[Hence  the  easy  pass  of  the 
Col  de  la  Grande  Luis  (3,379  m. , 
11,086  ft.)  leads  from  its  N.  affluent 
to  the  Saleinaz  glacier,  there  being  no 
special  difficulties  en  route.  J 

The  1.  bank  of  the  La  Neuvaz 
glacier  must  first  be  gained,  then  at 
its  end  the  torrent  crossed  to  its  r. 
bank,  over  the  wearisome  moraines 
on  which  the  traveller  goes  down  to 
the  La  Neuvaz  huts  (5§  hrs.  from  the 
pass).  A  path  soon  brings  him  to 
the  Col  Ferret  route  at  the  Z#  Fouly 
huts  (Rte.  K),  and  this  is  followed 
henceforth  to  Orsieres. 

This  pass  is  best  taken  from  the 


Swiss  side.  From  the  La  Fouly  huts 
a  great  part  of  the  route  to  the  Col 
may  be  traced. 

The    Col   du    Mont   Dolent  lies 
over    the    ridge     at    the  extreme 
head  of  the  Argentiere  glacier,  be- 
tween the  Mont  Dolent  on  the  N.E. 
I   and  the  Aiguille  de  Triolet  on  the 
j   S.W.    It  was  first  crossed  in  1865 
by   Mr.  Whymper,  with  Christian 
Aimer,  M.  Croz,  and  F.  Biener.  On 
that  occasion  about  23  hours  were 
taken  from  Courmayeur  to  Chamonix, 
as  no  less  than  7  hrs.  were  consumed 
in  cutting  down  the  great  ice  couloir 
leading  to   the   Argentiere  glacier. 
The  foot  of  this  couloir  may  be  gained 
over  the  easy  Argentiere  glacier  in 
about  4  hrs.  from  Lognan.     It  has 
since  been  shown  that  the  best  way 
thence  to  the  pass  is  up  the  steep  but 
i   firm  rocks  on  the  r.  bank  of  the  great 
i   couloir,  only  2  hrs.  being  required, 
i   The  pass  is  3, 543  m.  ( 1 1 ,625  ft. )  high. 
!   The  descent  on  the  Italian  side  is  by 
'   easy  rocks  and  a  snow  couloir  to  the 
j    Pre  de  Bar   glacier    (called  Mont 
Dolent  glacier   by  Mieulet's  map). 
It  is  then  necessary  to  bear  well  to 
the  1.  and  to  round  the  base  of  the 
spurs  of  the  mountain,  till  the  Petit 
Ferret  path  is  gained  (3J  hrs.  from 
the  pass),  close  to  that  pass  and  20 
min.  above  the  Pre  de  Bar  huts.  If 
coming  from  the  Italian  side  it  is 
possible  to  start  from  the  Triolet  Club 
hut,  on  the  1.  bank  of  the  Triolet 
glacier,  traversing  thence  over  the 
S.E.  ridge  of  the  Monts  Rouges  in 
order  to  gain  the  Pre  de  Bar  glacier. 

The  ascent  of  the  Mont  Dolent 
(3,823  m.,  12,543  ft.)  is  strongly  re- 
commended, as  it  commands  a  very 
fine  view.    The  frontiers  of  France, 
Italy,  and  Switzerland  meet  on  its 
j   summit.     It  was   first   ascended  in 
.,    1864  by  Messrs.   A.  Adams-Reilly 
and  Whymper.  It  is  best  to  start  from 
1   the  Triolet  Club  hut,  and  to  gain  the 
i   Pre  de  Bar  glacier,  as  described  above. 
!   The  traveller  should  then  cross  that 
!   glacier  in  a  N.  direction  and  by  a 
I   short  ice  wall  gain  the  snowy  gap  in 
I  the  S.E.  arete  (or  a  depression  to 


ROUTE  M.    CHAMONIX  TO  ORSIERES 


391 


the  r.  of  this  gap,  by  means  of  very 
steep  rocks).  From  the  snowy  gap 
it  is  best  to  keep  below  the  crest  of 
the  ridge  till  it  is  possible  to  gain  the 
first  top,  a  short  way  below  the  true 
summit  (5  hrs.  from  the  Club  hut,  or 
6  hrs.  from  the  Pre  de  Bar  chalets). 


Route  M. 

CHAMONIX  TO  ORSIERES  BY  THE 
TOUR  GLACIER. 

The  Tour  glacier,  which  is  the 
most  northerly  of  the  great  glaciers 
that  flow  into  the  valley  of  Chamonix, 
affords  access  to  three  considerable 
glaciers  on  the  Swiss  side  of  the 
chain.  Two  of  these — the  glaciers  of  | 
Orny  and  Saleinaz — descend  into  the  j 
Swiss  Val  Ferret  ;  the  third  flows 
into  the  Trient  glen.  A  rough  idea 
of  the  relative  position  of  these  four 
glaciers,  which  occupy  the  high 
valleys  at  the  N.  extremity  of  the 
range  of  Mont  Blanc,  may  be  formed 
if  we  first  fix  our  attention  on  the 
extensive  field  of  neve,  called  the 
Plateau  du  Trient,  lying  E.  of  the 
Aiguille  du  Tour.  This  is  drained 
by  two  glaciers  which  flow  at  right 
angles  to  each  other — the  Glacier  du 
Trient,  descending  to  the  N.,  and 
the  Glacier  d'Orny,  to  the  E.  The 
angle  formed  by  these  glaciers  lies 
within  another  right  angle,  formed  in 
its  turn  by  the  Tour  and  Saleinaz 
glaciers ;  but  while  the  two  first- 
named  start  from  the  same  level,  the 
upper  part  of  the  Tour  gl.  lies  at 
a  great  height  above  the  Saleinaz 
gl.  S.  of  the  Aiguille  du  Tour 
there  is  an  opening  — the  Col  du  Tour 
— in  the  ridge  forming  the  E.  boun- 
dary of  the  Tour  gl. ,  and  this  gives 
easy  access  to  the  Trient  plateau, 
wnence  the  Cols  du  Trient  and 
(POrny  (really  only  the  heads  of  those 
glaciers)  lead  down  the  ice  fields  of 


the  same  name.  The  Trient  plateau 
is  connected  with  the  Saleinaz  gl. 
by  the  Fe nitre  de  Saleinaz  and  the 
Col  des  Plines,  while  the  Fenetre  du 
Tour  affords  direct  means  of  com- 
munication between  the  Tour  and 
the  Saleinaz  gls.  This  plateau, 
therefore,  is  the  most  important 
feature  of  the  topography  of  these 
regions,  especially  as,  thanks  to  the 
energy  of  the  Swiss  Alpine  Club, 
there  are  good  Club  huts  at  the  head 
of  the  Orny  and  Saleinaz  glens,  so 
that  travellers  may  now  easily  visit  a 
district  which  early  explorers  found  it 
difficult  to  examine,  owing  to  its  dis- 
tance from  all  human  habitations. 

The  Glacier  du  Tour  may  be  easily 
reached  from  the  village  of  Argen- 
tine by  a  goat  path  which  mounts 
by  steep  rocks  and  grass  to  the 
moraine  on  the  r.  bank  of  the 
glacier  ;  and  this  point  may  also  be 
gained  direct  from  the  inn  on  the  Col 
de  Balme  by  keeping  along  the  S.W. 
slope  of  the  frontier  ridge.  It  is  best 
to  bear  well  to  the  1.  on  the  glacier, 
so  as  to  avoid  the  crevasses  in  its 
middle  region  ;  but  there  is  no  diffi- 
culty, and  the  Col  du  Tour  (3,280  m., 
10,762  ft.),  S.  of  the  Aiguille  du  Tour 
(3,540  m.,  11,615  ft.),  is  attained  in 
5  hrs.  from  either  starting  point.  It 
was  crossed  for  the  first  time  in  1858 
by  Mr.  (now  Sir)  Alfred  Wills,  who 
in  the  previous  year  (like  Principal 
Forbes  in  1850)  had  traversed  the 
same  ridge  more  to  the  S.,  and 
nearer  the  Petite  Fourche. 

[Principal  Forbes'  pass  is  the  Col 
Blanc,  separated  from  the  Col  du 
Tour  by  the  snowy  mound  of  the  Tete 
Blanche  ;  Sir  A.  Wills  gained  the  Col 
Blanc  direct  from  the  Tour  gl.,  his 
predecessor  having  first  tried  in  vain 
to  descend  to  the  Saleinaz  gl.  by 
the  Col  des  Fourches,  just  at  the  N. 
foot — despite  the  Siegfried  map — of 
the  Grande  Fourche. 3 

The  view  may  be  extended  by 
mounting  the  S.  and  highest  summit 
of  the  Aiguille  du  Tour  (3,540  m. , 
11,615  ft. )  by  way  of  its  E.  face  and 
N.E.  ridge  (1  hr. ),  and  no  traveller 


392        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  16.  MONT  BLANC  DISTRICT 


should  before  undertaking  the  direct 
descent  to  Orny  omit  to  make  a  20 
min.  detour  to  the  very  remarkable 
Fenetre  de  Saleinaz  (see  below). 

Should  the  traveller  be  bound  for 
Trient  and  the  Forclaz  he  should  bear 
from  the  Col  N.E.  across  the  Trient 
plateau,  to  the  Coldu  Trient (2,982m., 
9,784  ft. )  and  the  r.  bank  of  the  Trient 
gl.,  by  which  his  destination  may 
be  reached  in  3  hrs.  from  the  Col  du 
Tour.  A  party  bound  for  the  Saleinaz 
Club  hut  should  soon  turn  S.E.  to 
the  easy  Fenetre  de  Saleinaz  (see  be- 
low) if  it  has  not  preferred  to  go 
direct  from  the  Tour  gl.  to  that  of 
Saleinaz  by  the  rather  harder  Fenetre 
du  Tour,  3,355  m. ,  11,008  ft.  (first 
crossed  in  1867  by  Mr. — now  Sir — F. 
and  Mr.  W.  H.  Pollock. ) 

Most  travellers,  however,  desire  to 
go  from  the  Col  to  Orsieres  by  Orny. 
The  direct  course  lies  due  E.  (making 
a  slight  curve  to  the  r.  to  avoid 
the  hollow),  and  on  reaching  the 
slightly  convex  summit  (Col  d^Omy, 
3,119  m.,  10,233  ft-)  °f  tne  Trient 
plateau  a  fine  distant  view  of  the 
Bernese  Alps  gives  an  unexpected  in- 
terest to  the  pass.  Thence  the  de- 
scent lies  down  the  Orny  gl.,  and 
a  path  along  the  crest  of  the  moraine 
on  the  1.  bank  leads  down  to  the 
Orny  Club  hut,  2,688  m.,  8,819  ft. 
(1^  hr.  from  the  Col  du  Tour. )  There 
are  really  two  huts  here  near  the 
ruined  chapel ;  the  new  one  is  the 
larger  and  the  most  comfortably  fitted 
up.  Hence  there  is  at  sunset  a  very 
striking  view  of  the  Grand  Combin. 
Orsieres  is  2  hrs.  distant  by  the 
moraine,  the  Combe  d'Orny,  and  the 
hamlet  of  Prassony,  while  the  Lake 
of  Champex  (Rte.  I)  may  be  reached 
in  2  hrs.  by  the  Col  de  la  Breya 
(2,409  m,  7,904  ft.),  the  route  to 
which  quits  that  to  Orsieres  at  the 
first  little  plain  (that  of  Plan  de 
VArche),  and  crosses  the  ridge  bound- 
ing the  Combe  d'Orny  on  the  N. 
Both  paths  are  now  marked  out  by 
patches  of  green  paint. 

[The  Qmy  Ciub  hut  is  a  good 
centre  from  which  to  make  several 


I  ascents.  The  easiest  is  the  Pointe 
d'Orny,  3,274  m.,  10,742  ft.  (1  hr. ) 
That  of  the  Portalet  (3,345  m., 
10,975  ft.),  just  opposite,  may  be 
made  in  4  hrs.  by  a  great  couloir  in 
its  N.E.  slope,  but  better  in  2  J  hrs. 
by  way  of  the  Col  des  Plines  ;  this  is 
the  best  point  whence  to  study  the 
singularly  intricate  topography  of  this 
part  of  the  Alpine  chain.  Rock- 
climbers  may  turn  their  attention  to 
the  Aiguille  de  la  Varappe,  3.520 
m.,  11,549  ft.  (5  hrs.),  or  the  Tete 
Biselx,  3,512  m.,  11,523  ft.  (5  hrs.), 

;   the    two   highest   summits   of  the 

I  Aiguilles  Dorees,  E.  of  the  Fenetre 
de  Saleinaz.  (There  is  a  difficult 
descent  from  the  former  peak  direct 
to  the  Saleinaz  gl.,  achieved  in 
1893  by  Mr.  V.  A.  Fynn,  who  in 
1892,  with  Mr.  Murphy,  traversed 
the  whole  ridge  of  the  Aiguilles 
Dorees  from  the  Varappe  to  the 
point  above  the  Col  des  Plines. ) 
The  Petite  Fourche  (3, 507  m. ,  T 1 , 506 

.  ft.)  at  the  $.W.  corner  of  the  Trient 
plateau,  can  be  climbed  from  the  Col 
du  Tour  by  following  the  ridge  all  the 
way  (3-J  hrs.   from  Orny),   but  the 

•  Grande  Fourche  (3,610  m.,  11.844 
ft.)  is  best  gained  by  an  interesting 

,  though  not  difficult  climb  in  4  hrs. 
from  the  Saleinaz  Club  hut  by  way  of 
its  rocky  S.W.  face.  J 

To  cross  from  the  Trient  plateau 
to  the  Saleinaz  gl.  and  the  Salei- 
naz Club  hut  there  are  two  main 
passes.  The  Col  des  Plines,  3,243  m., 
10,640  ft.  (the  S.  gap  is  the  better  of 

i  the  two),  may  be  gained  from  Orny 
in  \\  hr. ,  and  the  descent  to  the 
other  Club  hut,  keeping  W.  of  the 
Pointe  des  Plines,  effected  in  i\  hr. 
The  Portalet  (3,345  m.,  10,975  ft.) 
can  be  climbed  (from  the  S. )  on  the 
way  (if  hr.  extra).  But  the  Fenetre 
de  Saleinaz  (3,264m.,  10,709  ft.), 
W.  of  the  Aiguilles  Dorees,  affords 
by  far  the  most  striking  route  from 
one  hut  to  the  other,  or  even  the  most 
interesting  descent  from  the  Col  du 
Tour  to  Orsieres.    It  is  a  narrow 

I   opening  in  the   shattered  range  of 

I  aiguilles  which  fences  in  the  S.  side 


ROUTE  M.    CHAMONIX  TO  ORSIERES  393 


of  the  Trient  plateau,  and  may  be 
reached  in  20  min.  from  the  Col  du 
Tour,  or  in  2  hrs.  from  Orny  by  way 
of  the  plateau.  The  scene  exhibited 
from  this  singular  gap  (well  named  by 
Sir  A.  Wills  the  Fenetre  de  Saleinaz) 
is  remarkable  not  for  the  distant  view, 
but  for  the  grand  range  of  crags  and 
aiguilles  that  enclose  the  head  of 
the  Saleinaz  gl.  The  most  promi- 
nent points  are  the  Grande  Fourche, 
the  Aiguille  d'Argentiere,  the  Aigvilie 
de  la  Neuvaz,  the  Tour  Noir,  the 
Grande  Luis,  and  the  Darrei  (see 
below).  A  short  descent  down  easy 
rocks,  a  steep  snow  slope,  and  a 
small  glacier  leads  from  the  Fenetre 
to  the  neve  of  the  Saleinaz  gl.  About 
\  hr.  from  the  pass  the  traveller 
bound  for  the  Club  hut  must  bear  to 
the  1.  across  the  rocky  spur  coming 
down  from  the  Aiguilles  Dorees  and 
traverse  a  sort  of  tunnel  in  order  to 
reach  by  easy  snow  slopes  the  foot  of 
the  Pointe  des  Plines.  From  these 
slopes  a  fine  view  is  gained  of  the  range 
of  the  Aiguilles  Dorees,  just  on  the  N. 
They  consist  of  a  succession  of  ruddy 
yellow  pinnacles  of  great  height, 
whose  natural  colour  is  enriched  by 
their  exposure  to  the  full  blaze  of 
day,  and  they  have  therefore  been 
happily  named  by  Principal  Forbes. 
From  between  the  gaps  in  this  range 
small  tributary  glaciers  and  ice 
couloirs  stream  down,  and  by  con- 
trast heighten  the  effect  of  the  scene. 
The  1.  lateral  moraine  of  the  Salei- 
naz gl.  is  crossed,  and  then  that 
gl.  itself,  so  as  to  mount  by  a 
slope  of  stones  (traces  of  a  path)  to 
the  Club  hut  (25  min.  from  the 
gl.,  or  1  \  hr.  from  the  Fenetre). 
(The  Fenetre  is  a  link  in  the  high- 
level  route  from  Lognan  by  the  Col 
du  Chardonnet  to  Orny  and  Orsieres, 
6-7  hrs.  from  Lognan  to  Orny.  See 
Rte.  L. )  From  the  hut  the  best  way 
(the  path  is  marked  out  in  red  paint) 
down  to  the  Swiss  Ferret  valley  is  to 
pass  below  the  E.  end  of  the  small 
Evole  gl. ,  which  overhangs  the  hut, 
and  then,  keeping  at  the  foot  of 
the  great  rock  towers  of  the  Clochers 


de  Planer euse  (2,810  m.,  9,220  ft.), 
to  descend  on  the  r.  bank  of  the 
gl.  over  smooth  rocks  (iron  chains  and 
some  steps  cut  in  the  rock),  finally  (far 
below)  crossing  the  moraine  and 
stream  from  the  gl.  and  passing 
through  a  forest  on  the  1.  bank  of 
the  latter  till  the  valley  is  reached  at 
Praz  de  Fort  (Rte.  K).  Orsieres  is 
thence  reached  by  the  Col  Ferret 
road  in  2|  hrs.  from  the  hut. 

The  Saleinaz  Club  hut  (2,691  m., 
8,829  ft.)  is  just  at  the  N.  foot  of 
the  Pointe  de  Planereuse,  and  having 
been  only  built  in  1893  nas  a^  tne 
latest  and  most  improved  fittings  for 
such  erections.  It  is  an  admirable 
centre  whence  to  climb  the  neighbour- 
ing peaks,  and  it  may  be  doubted 
whether,  with  the  exception  of  the 
Montenvers  (which  is  an  inn),  there 
is  any  other  house  in  the  range 
whence  so  many  fine  high  peaks  may 
be  directly  scaled.  The  E.  and 
highest  summit  of  the  Darrei 
(3,515  m.,  11,533  ft.)  may  be  gained 
by  the  N.  slope  and  the  N.E.  ridge 
in  3  hrs.  from  the  hut,  and  commands 
a  very  interesting  panorama,  espe- 
cially to  a  topographer.  The  Grande 
Fourcke  (3,610  m.,  11,844  ft.)  is 
accessible  from  the  S.W.  (4  hrs. ),  the 
Grande  Luis  (3,504  m.,  11,497  ft.) 
by  the  N.VV.  ridge  (2 J-  hrs.),  the 
Aiguille  de  la  Varappe  (3,520  m. , 
11,549  ft.)  by  a  difficult  climb  from 
the  S.  (5  hrs.),  the  Aiguille 
d'Argentiere  (3,907  m.,  12,819  ft. ) 
by  the  great  gully  in  its  E.  face 
(6  hrs. ),  and  the  Aiguille  du  Char- 
donnet  (3,822  m.,  12,540  ft.)  by  way 
of  the  Col  du  Chardonnet  (6-7  hrs.) 
As  we  have  seen,  the  traveller  can 
go  from  the  hut  to  the  Trient  plateau 
by  the  Fenetre  de  Saleinaz,  or  by 
the  Col  des  Plines,  and  to  the 
Tour  gl.  by  the  Fenetre  du  Tour, 
while  the  Cols  de  la  Neuvaz  and  the 
Col  de  la  Grande  Luis  lead  over 
to  the  La  Neuvaz  gl.,  so  that  the 
La  Fouly  huts,  in  the  Val  Ferret 
(Rte.  K),  may  be  thus  attained  from 
the  Club  hut  in  6  or  7  hrs.  A  pleasant 
variation  on  the  descent  to  Praz  de 


394  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.  SIXT  AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


Fort  by  the  usual  path  through  the 
Saleinaz  ravine  is  to  mount  slightly 
S.W.  from  the  hut  in  50  min.  to  the 
Col  de  Planereuse  (3,034  rn., 
9.955  ft-),  just  S.W.  of  the  Points  de 
Planereuse,  3,153  m. ,  10,345  ft. 
(accessible  hence  in  f  hr. ),  and  then 
to  go  down  by  the  Planereuse 
gl.  to  the  ruined  chalets  of  that 
name,  whence  a  path  strikes  off  to 
the  N.E.  through  a  thick  forest  and 
descends  to  the  Saleinaz  huts  in  the 
Val  Ferret  (3J  hrs.  from  the  Col), 
\\  hr.  from  Orsieres. 


In  concluding  the  description  of 
the  range  of  Mont  Blanc,  wherein  the 
achievements  of  many  ardent  moun- 
taineers have  been  very  briefly 
noticed,  the  Editor  (J.  B. )  may  be 
permitted  to  make  a  single  remark. 
Experienced  travellers  in  the  High 
Alps  do  not  require,  and  would  not 
heed,  his  advice  ;  but  those  who  have 
not  learned  by  considerable  practice 
to  cope  with  all  the  difficulties  of  ice- 
travelling  and  rock-climbing,  and  who 
are  not  assured  that  their  companions 
and  guides  are  equally  prepared, 
should  be  warned  that  many  of 
these  expeditions  involve  very  serious 
risk — risk  that,  in  regard  to  some  of 
them,  can  be  but  partially  averted 
by  skill  and  experience.  Of  the 
glacier  passes  that  have  been  enume- 
rated none  but  the  Col  du  Mont 
Tondu,  the  Col  de  Miage,  the  Col  du 
Geant,  the  Col  de  Triolet,  the  Col 
du  Chardonnet,  the  Col  du  Tour,  the 
Fenetre  de  Saleinaz,  the  Col  de 
Planereuse,  and  a  few  minor  ones  can 
be  recommended  to  any  but  moun- 
taineers of  some  experience,  even  when 
undertaken  with  "favourable  weather 
and  trustworthy  guides. 


SECTION  17. 

SIXT  AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT. 

It  has  been  remarked  in  the  Intro- 
duction to  Section  1 1  that  the  lime- 
stone ridges  lying  between  Chambery 
and  the  valley  of  the  Arve  form  an 
extension  to  the  S.W.  of  the  geo- 

j  logical  formations  which  characterise 
the  range  of  the  Bernese  Alps.  The 
connection  is  orographical  as  well  as 

!  geological,  and  the  range  of  the  Dent 
du  Midi,  the  Buet,  and  the  Rochers 
des  Fiz  supplies  the  link  between 
them.  It  will  be  observed,  as  some- 
thing more  than  an  accidental  coin- 
cidence, that  a  nearly  continuous  line 
of  valley  extends  from  Grenoble  to 
the  Rhone  near  Martigny,  and  nearly 
follows  the  line  of  separation  between 
the  Secondary  and  the  older  rocks. 
This  line  of  depression  is  marked  by 
the  Isere  from  Grenoble  to  Albert- 

\   ville,    and   by  the   Arly  thence  to 

!   Megeve.    Descending  to  the  Arve, 

;   and  partly  following  that  stream  to 

:  Servoz,  it  then  mounts  along  the 
Diosaz  torrent  to  the  Col  de  Salenton, 
and,  following  the  Eau  Noire  and 
the  Trient,  reaches  the  Rhone  near 
Martigny. 

In  the  present  Section  we  include 
the  district  lying,  roughly  speaking, 
between  the  line  of  the  Arve,  Eau 

!  Noire,  and  Trient  on  the  W.,  S., 
and  S.E.,  the  Rhone  on  the  E.,  and 
the  Lake  of  Geneva  on  the  N. 

The  continuous  range  of  limestone 

;  uplifted  against  the  N.W.  edge  of  the 
granitic  peaks  which  form  a  chain 
traversing  the  whole  of  Switzerland 

;  and  Savoy  is  cut  through  by  the 
Rhone  at  St.  Maurice,   and  by  the 

;  Arve  at  Cluses.  While  in  general  it 
is  a  single  chain,  here  it  is  double, 
for  the  soft  Jurassic  strata,  which 
elsewhere  are  usually  worn  away  to  a 
slope,  here  rise  in  the  Buet  (3, 109  m. , 
10,201  ft.),  the  Pointe  de  Tanneverge 
(2,982  m.,  9,784  ft.),  and  Tozir 
Sallieres  (3,227  m.,  10,588  ft.),  and 
form  the  E.  watershed  of  the  Giffre  ; 

I  on  the  other  hand,  the  much  harder, 


§  i;.  SIXT  AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


395 


and  more  recent,  Cretaceous  lime-  j 
stones  form  the  range  of  the  Rockers 
des  Fiz  (2,793  m->  95I^4  ft.)?  Vandru  \ 
(2,672m.,  8,767  ft.),  Dents  Blanches  \ 
(2,682  m.,  8,799  ft- ),  and  Dent  du  \ 
Midi  (3,260  m.,    10,696  ft.)    This  j 
outer  chain  is  cut  through  by  the  Giffre 
in  the  gorge  of  Les  Tines,  just  below  | 
Sixt.   The  lower  ridges,  though  occa- 
sionally parallel  to  the  main  range, 
are  for  the  most  part  very  irregular 
in  their  form  and  direction,  a  circum- 
stance which,  perhaps,  contributes  to 
the  variety  of  scenery  for  which  the 
district  is  remarkable. 

The  basin  of  Sixt,  14  m.  long  and  4 
or  5  wide,  is  enclosed  between  the 
two   chains   mentioned  above,  and 
forms  the  W.  or  French  bit  of  the 
more  Alpine  part  of  the  district.  It 
is  remarkable  for  the  strong  contrasts 
between  its  varied  and  rugged  lime- 
stone peaks  and  precipices,  and  its 
rich  meadows  and  luxuriant  forests. 
The  whole  of  it  is  included  in  that 
portion  of  Savoy  neutralised  in  181 5 
by   the  Congress  of  Vienna.  The 
Swiss  or  E.  bit  of  the  Alpine  part  of 
the   district  consists  mainly  of  the 
valley  of  Illiez  or  Champery,  which  j 
lies  outside  of,  and  parallel  to,  the 
outer  limestone  range  ;  it  comprises 
also  a  triangle  of  high  uplands,  but- 
tressed in  on  the  S.E.  by  a  band  of 
granitic   peaks  which   overlook  the 
Salvan-Vernayaz  branch  of  the  road 
to  Chamonix.    The  mountaineering 
centres,  therefore,  are  5/^(757  m., 
2,484  ft.),   Salvan  (925   m.,  3,035 
ft.),  and  Cha?npery  (1,052  m. ,  3,452  i 
ft.)    Sixt  has,   perhaps,    the  finest  ! 
scenery,  Champery  undoubtedly  the 
largest  inns,    and   Salvan  certainly  ! 
the  best  guides.    The  grand  pano- 
ramic views  gained  from  the  Buet  j 
and  the  Dent  du  Midi  will  always  ! 
attract  a  large  number  of  travellers,  as 
either  summit  can  be  reached  without 
danger  or  difficulty  by  any  moderately  j 
active  walker. 

The  larger  half  of  the  area  included  ! 
in  this  Section  forms  the  Chablais, 
which,  lies  N.W.  of  a  line  drawn  from 
pluses  through  Samoens  and  Champery  ] 


to  Monthey,  is  wholly  subalpine.  Its 
mountains  are  tame,  and,  although 
rich  in  pasturage  and  woodland,  it 
offers  much  smaller  attractions  to  the 
mountaineer  than  to  the  pedestrian. 
The  rugged  range  of  the  Dents  d'Oche, 
above  the  E.  end  of  the  Lake  of 
Geneva,  deserves  a  visit. 

For  minute  details  as  to  the  ranges 
described  in  outline  in  this  Section 
see  in  general  Joanne's  '  Savoie ' 
(large  edition,  1895),  and  Schaub 
and  Briquet's  '  Guide  Pratique  de 
l'Ascensionniste  sur  les  Montagnes 
qui  entourent  le  Lac  de  Geneve 
(3rd  edition,  1893).  For  Sixt  in  par- 
ticular consult  J.  F.  Albanis  Beau- 
mont's '  Description  des  Alpes 
Grecques  et  Cottiennes  '  (1806), 
vol.  ii.  Part  ii.  Chapter  iv.,  and 
Sir  Alfred  Wills'  4  "The  Eagle's 
Nest  "  in  the  Valley  of  Sixt '  (i860)  ; 
for  Salvan,  YVagnon's  '  Autour  de 
Salvan  '  (2nd  edition,  1895)  >  anc^ 
for  Champery,  Claparede's  '  Cham- 
pery et  le  Val  dTlliez  '  (3rd  edition, 
1893),  Rambert's  'Ascensions  et 
Flaneries  '  (new  edition,  1888),  and 
Javelle's  '  Souvenirs  d'un  Alpiniste ' 
(3rd  edition,  1897). 


Route  A. 

GENEVA    TO  SIXT  BY  TANINGES  OR 
SAMOENS, 

There  are  good  carriage  roads  from 
Geneva  to  Samoens,  either  by  Anne- 
masse,  St.  Jeoire,  and  Taninges,  or 
by  Annemasse,  Cluses,  and  the  Col 
de  Chatillon.  Most  travellers  will, 
however,  use  the  steam  tramway 
from  Annemasse  to  Samoens,  or  the 
railway  to  Cluses,  on  the  Chamonix 
line  (§  16.  Rte.  A).  A  few  tracks 
for  pedestrians  from  Cluses  to 
Samoens  and  Sixt  are  also  indi- 
cated. 


396  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.  SIXT  AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


1 .  By  St.  Jeoire. 

M. 

Bonne  ...  9^ 
St.  Jeoire  .  .  16^ 
Taninges  .  .  24^ 
Samoens .       .       .  31 

Steam  tramway  to  Samoens,  31  m., 
about  3  hrs.  ;  thence  good  carriage 
road  to  Sixt,  4  m.  A  carriage  from 
Sixt  meets  every  train  in  summer. 

From  Geneva  the  traveller  may 
reach  Annemasse  (3f  m.)  either  in 
^  nr.  by  the  Chamonix  railway  (§  16. 
Rte.  A),  which  starts  from  the  Eaux 
Vives  station,  on  the  S.  bank  of  the 
Rhone,  or  in  40  min.  by  steam  tram- 
way, which  starts  from  the  Cours  de 
Rive.  Both  lines  pass  by  Chene 
Bourg. 

From  Annemasse  the  new  steam 
tramwTay  runs  S.E.  past  Bonne  and 
Pont  de  Fillinges  (for  the  road  thence 
to  Thonon  see  Rte.  L.  1)  to  St. 
Jeoire,  a  small  town  on  an  affluent 
of  the  Risse.  It  wras  the  birthplace 
of  Sommeiller,  one  of  the  chief 
engineers  of  the  Mont  Cenis  Tunnel. 

[Hence  there  is  a  tramway  in  5  m. 
to  Marignier,  a  station  on  the  line  to 
Chamonix,  and  a  beautiful  carriage 
road  over  the  Col  de  Jambaz  to 
Thonon  (Rte.  L.  2).J 

[The  Mole  (1,869  m.,  6,132  ft.),  an 
isolated  conical  peak,  commanding  a 
very  fine  panorama,  rises  just  S.  of 
St.  Jeoire,  between  it  and  Bonneville. 
It  may  be  ascended  from  St.  Jeoire 
in  4  hrs.  by  wray  of  the  Char  huts,  or 
in  rather  less  time  by  La  Tour,  the 
Bovere  huts,  and  the  Petit  Mole  (1,518 
m.,  4,981  ft.),  where  is  a  small  inn 
(built  by  the  French  Alpine  Club), 
I  nr.  by  a  good  zigzag  path  below 
the  highest  point.  The  shortest  way 
up  the  Mole  (3^  hrs.)  is  from  Bonne- 
ville (§  16.  Rte.  A).] 

The  tramway  bears  gradually  E., 
runs  along  the  N.  side  of  the  narrow 
gorge  through  which  the  Giffre 
escapes  to  join  the  Arve  at  Mari- 
gnier,  and  passes  by  Mieussy,  before 
reaching 

Taninges  (641  m.,  2,103  ft.),  a 
little  town  situated  on  the  Foron, 


just  above  its  junction  with  the  GifTre. 

(For  the  fine  carriage  roads  to 
Thonon  see  Rtes.  L  and  M. )  It  is 
picturesquely  placed  in  view  of  the 
Buet,  the  most  conspicuous  object 
throughout  the  valley  of  the  Giffre. 
I  hr.  S.E.  of  Taninges  is  the  former 
Carthusian  nunnery  of  Me lan,  founded 
in  1292  by  Beatrice,  lady  of  Faucigny, 
but  now  used  as  a  school.  The  line 
runs  along  the  N.  bank  of  the  Giffre 
past  Verchaix,  the  scenery  becoming 
more  and  more  Alpine  as  it  nears 

Samoens  (759  m.,  2,490  ft.),  in 
the  midst  of  charming  scenery.  (For 
the  ways  to  Thonon  see  Rte.  M.) 
The  fall  of  the  N ant  D ant  (210  m., 
689  ft.,  in  height)  is  only  20  min.  off, 
and  is  worth  a  visit.  The  ascent  of 
the  Rockers  de  Criou  (2,250  m. , 
7,382  ft.,  4  hrs.),  on  the  N.E.,  or  of 
its  highest  point,  the  Pointe  Rousse 
(2,577  m.,  8,455  ft.),  is  specially 
recommended.    For  the  walk  by  the 

I   Croix  de  la  Porte  to  Sixt   see  3. 

,  below. 

j  The  carriage  road  to  Sixt  runs 
j  along  the  r.  bank  of  the  Giffre 
'  through  Vallon,  in  the  plain,  to  the 
mouth  of  the  narrow  defile  of  Les 
Tines,  through  which  the  Giffre 
forces  its  way  from  the  basin  of  Sixt. 
Near  its  entrance,  but  on  the  opposite 
bank,  is  seen  the  picturesque  chapel 
of  ATotre  Dame  des  Graces.  The 
GifTre  has  cut  its  way  through  the 
limestone  range,  forming  a  grand 
gorge.  When  this  has  been  tra- 
versed the  fine  peaks  that  enclose 
the  valley  of  Sixt  come  successively 
into  sight,  especially  as  the  road 
I  approaches 

Sixt  (35  m.  from  Geneva),  which 
\  the  mountaineer  will  probably  make 
;  his  headquarters.  For  a  full  de- 
|  scription  of  Sixt  and  its  neighbour- 
-  hood  see  Rte.  C. 

2.  By  CI  uses  and  the  Col  de 
I  Chdtillon. — Cluses  is  29 \  m.  distant 
j  from  Geneva  by  the  railway  to 
Chamonix  (§  16.  Rte.  A).  A 
carriage  road  runs  thence  over  the 
Colde  Chdtillon  (862  m.,  2,828  ft.)  in 
6J-  m.  to  Taninges,  where  the  steam 


ROUTE  B.    CLUSES,  SALLANCHES,  OR  SERVOZ  TO  SIXT  397 


tramway  described  above  is  rejoined. 
The  road  rises  steeply  from  Cluses 
(1,200  ft.  in  4  J  m.)  to  the  Col,  near 
which  are  the  village  and  ruined 
castle  of  the  same  name.  Hence 
there  is  a  charming  view  over  the 
Arve,  Giffre,  and  Reposoir  valleys. 
The  descent  to  Taninges  (725  ft.  in 
2  m.)  is  less  steep  than  the  ascent 
from  Cluses.  If  coming  from  St. 
Jeoire  it  is  possible  to  go  from 
Marignier  by  a  direct  road,  which 
keeps  above  Cluses,  nearly  to  the 
summit  of  the  Col  de  Chatillon. 

3.  By  Cluses  and  Foot  Paths. — Pe- 
destrians have  a  choice  of  several  agree- 
able routes  from  Cluses  over  the  hills 
between  the  Arve  and  Giffre  valleys. 

Leaving  the  new  high  road 
to  min.  from  Cluses,  the  old  road 
leads  in  1  hr.  to  the  Col  de  Chatillon. 
Thence  a  side  road  runs  S.E.  past 
the  hamlets  of  St.  Sigis?)io7id  and 
La  Frasse  to  (5  m. )  Ardches,  keeping 
at  a  level  of  about  3,000  ft.,  with  a 
succession  of  charming  views  before 
the  eyes.  It  is  then  necessary  to 
bear  S.E.  to  the  Col  de  FAiron,  and 
descend  by  Vercland  to  Samoens 
(9  hrs.  from  Cluses  by  this  route). 

From  La  Frasse  the  traveller  can 
cross  the  ridge  N.W.  of  the  Col  de 
PAiron,  and  then  traverse  by  paths  in 
an  E.  direction  a  succession  of  spurs 
to  the  grassy  knoll  on  which  stands 
the  Croix  de  la  Porte  (1,525  m. , 
5,003  ft.),  directly  overlooking  Sixt. 
The  village  lies  at  his  feet,  backed 
by  the  Pointe  de  Tanneverge,  while 
all  the  branches  of  the  Sixt  valley  are 
well  seen.  The  main  Gers  track  must 
be  left  10  min.  from  the  Croix,  in  order 
to  take  a  path  which  through  beech 
woods  rounds  the  hillside  above  the 
hamlet  of  Enti-e  Deux  Nants,  and 
then  descends  to  and  crosses  the 
Giffre  at  Faix,  §  m.  by  road  from 
Sixt.  8  hrs.  are  required  from 
Cluses  to  Sixt  by  this  beautiful  route. 


Route  B. 

CLUSES,    SALLANCHES,    OR  SERVOZ 
TO  SIXT. 

Between  Cluses  and  Servoz,  in  the 
Arve  valley,  there  extends,  on  the  E. 
and  N.,  a  great  band  of  limestone 
precipices,  forming  three  sides  (each 
5  m.  in  length  along  the  parapet)  of  a 
square  which  projects  like  a  bastion 
from  the  base  line  Magland-Sixt. 
After  passing  Cluses  the  pedestrian 
bound  for  Sixt  must  (unless  he  rounds 
the  bastion  on  the  E.  by  the  Col 
d'Anterne,  Rte.  D)  pass  these 
precipices  twice,  or  evade  them 
through  one  of  the  three  breaches 
made  by  streams.  These  occur,  one 
at  Flaine,  and  two  on  the  Sixt  side, 
by  the  Gers  and  Salles  glens.  The 
breach  at  Flaine  is  choked  up  by  a 
dam  of  old  debris,  forming  a  lake 
which  drains  underground  to  the 
Arve.  The  E.  portion  of  the  upland 
thus  enclosed  is  the  valley  of  Salles, 
famous  for  its  rich  pastures.  W.  of 
this  stretches  the  remarkable  lime- 
stone waste  called  the  Desert  de  Plate 
(see  2.  below).  The  starting  points 
for  the  pedestrian  in  the  Arve  valley 
are  Cluses,  Sallanches,  Servoz,  or 
even  St.  Gervais. 

I.  From  Cluses  by  the  Flaine  and 
Gers  Glens.  — At  the  Chateau  deBelle- 
garde,  about  5  m.  from  Cluses,  and 
1  m.  beyond  Magland,  a  path  leaves 
the  Arve  valley  at  the  bridge  over  the 
Arche  torrent,  and  mounts  E.  to  the 
steep,  wooded  hollow  called  the 
Creux  de  F Arche.  Here  it  bifurcates. 
The  I. -hand  path  ascends  to  the 
hamlet  of  Per?iant,  and  then  along 
the  N.  bank  of  the  N.  and  E. 
branches  of  the  Arche  past  the 
Vernant  lake  to  a  pass,  2,100  m., 
6,890  ft.  (called  Col  de  Flaine  on  the 
French  goJoo  maP?  but  better  named 
Col  des  Grands  Vents),  N.  of  the 
Signal  des  Grands  Vents  (2,203  m-> 
7,228  ft.),  and  descends  to  the  Gers 
glen  ;  here  at  the  lake  it  is  joined 
by  the  track  (1  hr.  longer)  by  Flaine. 
The  r.-hand  path  mounts    by  the 


398  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.  SIXT 


AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


S.  bank  of  the  Arche  past  La 
Colonnaz,  and  by  zigzags  in  fine  pine 
woods  to  the  picturesque  Lac  de 
Flaine  ^  formed  by  a  gap  choked  up 
by  debris,  and  drained  by  a  subter- 
ranean channel  (3J  hrs.  from  Cluses). 
hr.  higher  are  the  Plaine  Joux  huts. 

[Hence  a  track  leads  N.  to  the  Col 
des  Grands  Vents,  already  described. 
The  Croix  de  Fer  (2,317  m., 
7, 602  ft.)  may  be  reached  from  these 
huts  in  2  hrs.  by  the  E.  ridge,  and  the 
Tete  or  Pointe  Pelonse  (2,475  m-5 
8,120  ft.)  in  2§  hrs.  ;  the  latter  com- 
mands a  fine  view  of  the  Mont  Blanc 
range,  and  in  I  hr.  or  so  the  traveller 
can  descend  from  the  top  to  the  Gers 
or  the  Salles  huts. 3 

From  Plaine  Joux  a  gradual  rise  by 
a  faint  track  in  an  E.  direction  leads 
to  the  pass(^.  2,150  m.,  7,054  ft.)  on 
the  N.W.  of  the  Pointe  Pelouse, 
which  is  called  Col  de  Plate  by  the 
100000  French  map,  but  should 
properly  bear  the  name  of  Col  de 
Flaine.  An  easy  slope  on  the  N. 
brings  the  traveller  down  to  the 
Lac  de  Gers,  in  the  glen  of  the  same 
name,  where  the  path  from  the  Col 
des  Grands  Vents  falls  in. 

[The  pretty  Gers  valley  belongs  to 
Morillon,  W.  of  Samoens,  either 
place  being  reached  by  a  char  road 
past  the  Croix  de  la  Porte.  J 

Steep  bridle  paths  on  either  bank 
of  the  stream  lead  from  the  huts  at 
the  N.  end  of  the  lake  to  Sixt,  which 
is  reached  by  this  route  in  8  hrs.  from 
Cluses. 

2.  Fro?n  Sallanches  by  the  Desert 
de  Plate. — The  Desert  de  Plate  is  an 
extensive  plateau  of  bare  limestone, 
traversed  by  fissures  and  furrows  in 
every  direction,  and  resembling  a 
petrified  glacier  or  sea.  Such  pla- 
teaux are  common  features  in  lime- 
stone districts,  being  known  in 
German  as  Karrenf elder ,  and  in 
French  as  lapiaz.  They  are  very 
wearisome  to  walk  over,  though 
curious  to  look  at.  The  following 
routes  pass  on  the  outskirts  of  the 
Plate  waste,  as  to  which  the  mono- 
graphs   by   MM.     Chaix    and  J. 


Briquet  in  the  periodical  *  Le  Globe  ' 
(Geneva)  for  August  1895  should  be 
consulted. 

(a. )  By  the  Cheminee  and  Col  de 
Monthieux. — From  St.  Martin  (sepa- 
rated only  from.  Sallanches  by  an 
old  bridge,  once  celebrated  for  its 
view  of  Mont  Blanc)  it  is  necessary 
to  mount  N.  through  Peninge  and 
over  the  fine  forest  slopes  to  the 
Arpay  huts,  where  a  path  turns 
to  the  r.,  ascending  the  Haon 
ravine,  above  the  torrent  which  enters 
the  Arve  valley  by  the  well-known 
Cascade  d'Arpenaz  (  §  16.  Rte.  A). 
Hence  an  ascent  of  about  40  min. 
through  pine  woods  leads  to  the 
Vers  Haon  (or  Veron)  huts  (if  hr. 
from  St.  Martin),  which  lie  in  a  bay 
under  the  upper  precipices,  up  which 
the  only  way  is  by  a  chimney,  through 
which  access  is  gained  to  the 
Monthieux  sheep  pastures.  These 
pasturages  terminate  in  the  Col  de 
Monthieux,  between  the  Croix  de 
Fer  on  the  N.,  and  the  Pointe  du 
Colloney  on  the  S.  These  rise  on  the 
outer  margin  of  the  Desert  de  Plate, 
and  are  both  easily  accessible  from 
the  pass.  To  gain  Sixt  it  is  best  to 
make  straight  over  the  N.  rim  of  the 
Desert,  either  to  the  Col  de  Flaine 
(the  most  direct  course),  or  to  the  low 
precipices  overhanging  the  Salles 
glen,  so  reaching  the  huts  in  that 
valley,  which  are  2\  hrs.  from  Sixt 
by  the  Portettaz  route  (c.  below). 
This  way  takes  8  hrs.  from  Sallanches 
to  Sixt. 

(b. )  Over  the  Aiguille  de  Varens,  or 
the  Pointe  du  Colloney. — This  is  the 
mountaineer's  route.  The  Aiguille 
de  Varens  (2,488  m.,  8,163  ft.)  im- 
mediately overhangs  St.  Martin  and 
Sallanches  on  the  E.  From  Sal- 
lanches the  Varens  huts,  which  lie 
close  under  the  Aiguille,  but  on  the 
S.  side  of  the  square  of  which  it  is 
the  corner,  may  be  reached  in  3  hrs. 
by  way  oi  juillard  and  Bay.  A  path 
leads  thence  direct  up  grass  and  shale 
slopes  to  the  Barme  Pousse  huts, 
whence  the  summit  may  be  gained  in 
2  hrs.  by  a  short  rock  climb.  A 


ROUTE  B.    CLUSES,  SALLANCHES,  OR  SERVOZ  TO  SIXT  399 


traverse  path  leads  from  the  top  in 
1 J  hr.  to  the  Plate  huts,  on  the  Por- 
tettaz  route  (c.  below).  The  Pointe 
du  Colloney  (2,692  m.,  8,832  ft.), 
the  culminating  point  of  the  Plate 
group,  and  so  fittingly  crowned  by  a 
great  cairn,  can  be  gained  from  Sal- 
lanches  in  5  hrs.  by  the  Col  de 
Monthieux  (the  easiest  way),  or  in 
about  the  same  time  by  following 
the  route  to  the  Aig.  de  Varens  as 
far  as  the  hollow  at  the  E.  base  of 
that  summit,  then  crossing  the  spur 
at  the  head  of  this  hollow,  traversing 
under  the  peak,  and  going  up  the 
N.E.  ridge.  It  is  easy  to  descend 
in  about  1^  hr.  to  the  Plate  huts,  on 
the  Portettaz  route  (c.  below). 

Both  peaks  command  superb  views 
of  the  Mont  Blanc  range,  and  could 
be  taken  in  one  day  by  an  active 
climber. 

(c. )  By  the  E scalier s  de  Plate  and 
the  Portettaz.  —The  Escaliers  de  Plate 
are  a  staircase  for  cattle,  laboriously 
built  up  the  face  of  the  cliffs  of  the 
S.  spur  of  the  Pointe  de  Plate.  They 
lead  to  a  bleak  basin  where  are  the 
Plate  huts  (3-3^  hrs.  from  the  Arve 
valley). 

They  may  be  approached  from 
various  points  in  the  Arve  valley  be- 
tween Sallanches  and  Servoz.  Below 
the  tier  of  limestone  cliffs  (broken 
only  by  the  ruins  of  the  historic  land- 
slip of  1 751)  stretches  a  long  terrace, 
gently  sloping  upwards  from  the 
hamlet  of  Villy,  above  St.  Martin,  to 
the  alp  of  Ayer,  above  Servoz.  It  is 
raised  above  the  valley  on  steep 
slopes,  clothed  in  vineyards  where 
the  sun  strikes  through  the  opening 
of  the  St.  Gervais  valley  opposite, 
elsewhere  in  dense  forests.  The  ter- 
race is  itself,  in  its  lower  portion, 
covered  with  meadows,  fields,  and 
orchards.  Beyond  the  stream  flowing 
from  the  Plate  cirque  it  offers  a  suc- 
cession of  level  meadows,  ringed 
by  beech  and  fir  woods,  which  frame 
most  beautiful  views  of  Mont  Blanc 
and  the  Servoz  valley. 

A  cart  track  mounting  from  im- 
mediately opposite  St.  Gervais-les- 


Bains  leads  up  past  Passy  (famous 
for  its  Roman  inscriptions,  now 
built  into  the  walls  of  the  church, 
and  for  its  fruit,  which  is  sent 
even  to  the  Paris  markets).  A  light 
carriage  can  be  taken  without  diffi- 
culty as  far  as  the  bridge  over  the 
Marlioz  torrent.  The  cart  track 
continues  through  forest  to  the  Plaine 
Joux,  a  superb  view-point,  whence 
an  easy  foot  path  leads  to  the  Ayer 
huts,  on  the  Col  d'Anterne  route 
(Rte.  D).  A  cart  track  on  a  much 
lower  level  leads  from  Chedde  direct 
to  these  huts,  passing  within  100  yards 
of  one  of  the  most  romantic  tarns  in 
the  Alps,  formed  by  the  great  land- 
slip. The  tarn  is  marked,  but  the 
road  is  not,  on  the  French  map.  A 
direct  foot  track  from  the  Plaine  Joux 
to  Servoz  passes  by  this  tarn. 

The  route  from  Sallanches  to  the 
Escaliers  is  to  mount  direct  from  St. 
Martin  to  the  terrace,  and  then  to 
follow  the  upper  cart  tracks  and  foot 
paths  that  traverse  it  until,  just  before 
reaching  the  torrent  near  Assy,  a 
broad  path  climbing  steeply  up- 
wards is  met.  From  St.  Gervais  the 
traveller,  immediately  after  crossing 
the  Arve,  should  leave  the  Chedde 
road  and  take  a  lane  to  the  1.  Ar- 
rived at  the  bottom  of  the  hillside, 
he  may  either  follow  the  very  beau- 
tiful road  through  Passy,  or  climb 
more  directly  by  meadow  paths  until 
he  rejoins  it  on  the  terrace  near  Assy. 

From  Servoz  it  is  best  to  take  a 
boy  to  show  the  rather  obscure  trail 
to  the  Plaine  Joux.  Thence  follow 
the  slightly  descending  cart  road  to 
the  enchanting  meadow  known  as  the 
Pre  Coutens.  From  its  upper  end  a 
sledge  track  leads  up  the  1.  bank  of 
the  Marlioz  torrent,  and  joins  the 
Assy  track  near  the  foot  of  the  cliffs. 

It  is  obvious  that  these  approaches 
admit  of  being  used  in  conjunction 
as  excursions  from  the  Arve  valley, 
or  afford  a  high-level  descent  from 
the  Col  d'Anterne  to  St.  Martin  and 
Sallanches,  which  commands  a  series 
of  pictures  hardly  equalled  in  the 
Alps.    It  should  also  be  noted  that 


400  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.  SIXT  AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


these  routes  are  better  taken  from 
Sixt  than  in  the  reverse  direction. 

Having  reached  the  Plate  huts  by 
one  or  other  of  these  routes  it  is  only 
necessary  to  mount  straight  N.  to 
the  Portettaz,  2,384  m.,  7,822  ft. 
(40  min. ),  which  is  seen  from  the 
huts.  It  is  the  1.  -hand  one  of  two  gaps 
in  the  brown  rock  ridge  N.E.  of  the 
huts.  Hence  there  is  a  very  fine 
view,  though  this  may  be  extended 
by  climbing  in  1  hr.  to  the  top  of  the 
Pointe  de  Plate (2,553  m.,  8,376  ft.) 
The  track  leads  over  pastures  in  a 
N.E.  direction  from  the  Portettaz  to 
a  gap  in  the  low  cliffs  that  overlook 
the  Salles  glen,  by  means  of  which 
the  Salles  huts  (1,890  m.,  6,201  ft.) 
are  gained.  These  are  2.\  hrs.  from 
Sixt  by  a  path  which  passes  through 
a  grand  defile  between  great  preci- 
pices. The  stream  makes  three  fine 
waterfalls,  and  in  one  place  the  path 
is  blasted  through  the  rock.  The 
third  fall,  La  Pleuretise,  springs  from 
the  junction  of  the  Lower  Cretaceous 
with  the  Jurassic  strata,  and  here  the 
old  path  from  Chamonix  over  the 
Collet  d'Anterne  falls  in  (Rte.  D). 
30  min.  below  is  the  beautiful  Rou- 
get  waterfall,  which  descends  in  two 
bounds  on  its  way  to  join  the  Giffre 
Haut.  In  20  min.  more  the  Pont  de 
Salles  is  crossed  to  Salvagny,  20  min. 
from  Sixt  by  char  road. 

7-9  hrs.  are  required  from  the 
Arve  valley  to  Sixt  by  this  route. 

3.  From  Servoz  by  the  Col  du 
Derochoir. — This  is  the  shortest  way 
from  Servoz  to  Sixt,  about  6J-  hrs. 
only  being  required.  Servoz  (see 
§  16.  Rte.  A)  is  on  the  old  road  from 
Sallanches  to  Chamonix  being  7  J  m. 
from  Chamonix  and  9  m.  from  Sallan- 
ches. From  Servoz  the  Col  d'Anterne 
mule  path  (Rte.  D)  is  followed  to 
the  Ayer  huts.  Hence  the  path  runs 
N.W.  up  grass,  shales,  and  debris,  the 
remains  of  the  great  rock  fall  of  175 1, 
when  something  like  a  hundred  mil- 
lion tons  of  cliff  are  said  to  have  fallen 
down.  The  fall  filled  the  valley  with 
such  a  cloud  of  dust  that  it  was 
rumoured   a  volcanic   outburst  had 


taken  place,  and  the  savant  Donati 
was  sent  from  Turin  to  ascertain  the 
nature  of  the  catastrophe.  The 
relics  of  this  great  fall  reach  to  within 
200  ft.  of  the  lowest  gap  (2,238  m., 
7,343  ft.)  in  the  ridge,  but  it  is  easier 
to  aim  at  a  point  further  W. ,  and 
about  200  ft.  higher,  following  a  band 
on  the  rocks.  The  descent  to  the 
Salles  huts  (2.  c.  above)  is  straightfor- 
ward and  gradual. 


Route  C. 

SIXT  AND    ITS  NEIGHBOURHOOD. 

The  chief,  or  church,  hamlet  of  the 
valley  of  Sixt  is  locally  called 
'  PAbbaye,'  from  the  religious  house 
founded  there  in  1144  by  Ponce  of 
Faucigny,  son  of  the  lord  of 
Faucigny,  and  brother  of  the  bishop 
of  Geneva.  As  the  abbey  of 
Abondance  was  becoming  over- 
crowded, Ponce  led  a  colony  thence 
to  Sixt  and  placed  it  under  the  same 
rule,  that  of  Austin  Canons  Regular. 
It  was  secularized  in  1793,  and  the 
seventeenth-century  buildings  are  now 
used  as  an  hotel,  one  of  the  most 
interesting  of  its  kind.  In  the 
churchyard  is  buried  Albanis  Beau- 
mont (d.  181 1 ),  who  long  lived  here, 
and  in  1806  published  a  full  account 
of  the  valley. 

Sixt  is  beautifully  situated  at  a 
height  of  757  m.  (2,484  ft.),  just 
above  the  junction  of  the  two  Giffres, 
and  under  the  cliffs  of  the  Criou, 
with  a  southern  aspect.  The  Giffre 
Bas  and  the  Giffre  Haut  drain  the 
two  main  branches  of  the  valley. 
The  Giffre  Bas  flows  S.W.  from  the 
grand  amphitheatre  of  precipitous 
peaks  that  enclose  the  chief  arm  of 
the  valley,  called  the  Fer  a  Cheval 
and  Fond  de  la  Combe.  The  Giffre 
Haut  descends  to  the  N.W.  from  the 
hollow  of  Les  Fonds,  at  the  foot  of 
the  Buet,  receiving  affluents  from  the 


ROUTE  C.    SIXT  AND  ITS  NEIGHBOURHOOD  401 


Anterne,  Salles,  and  Gers  glens. 
Few  places  in  the  Alps  offer  greater 
attractions  to  the  mountaineer  who 
can  dispense  for  a  time  with  snow 
and  ice,  by  reason  of  the  variety  and 
beauty  of  the  scenery  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood. First  brought  to  the 
notice  of  travellers  by  the  works  of 
Albanis  Beaumont,  and  of  Sir  Alfred 
Wills  (mentioned  in  the  Introduction 
to  this  Section),  it  has  since  become 
more  widely  known,  particularly 
among  the  Genevese,  for  whom  it  is 
very  easy  of  access.  The  valley  is 
specially  famed  for  its  waterfalls,  and 
remarkable  for  its  precipices,  its  rich 
and  wide-spreading  pastures,  and  its 
fine  forests,  with  luxuriant  under- 
growth. Pasture  land  is,  indeed,  so 
abundant  that  some  of  the  '  alps 5 
have  been  sold,  and  others  are  but 
half  used,  while  arable  land  in  the 
valley  commands  a  fancy  price. 

It  will  be  convenient  to  describe 
the  excursions  to  be  made  from  Sixt 
under  three  heads — easy  walks,  fine 
points  of  view,  and  higher  peaks. 

1.  Easy  Walks. 

(a)  The  Fer  a  Cheval. — This  is 
the  first  and  obligatory  excursion  at 
Sixt,  especially  if  it  is  not  intended 
to  cross  any  of  the  rather  laborious 
passes  from  the  head  of  the  glen 
(Rtes.  F.  and  G).  It  is  a  very  fine 
specimen  of  the  cirques  which  are 
more  common  in  the  limestone  dis- 
tricts of  the  Pyrenees  than  in  those 
of  the  Alps.  Its  floor  is  girt  about 
with  beech  woods,  while  its  cliffs  are 
for  the  most  part  inaccessible,  and  so 
form  the  political  frontier.  A  char 
road  leads  from  the  village  along  the 
r.  bank  of  the  Giffre  Bas  to  the  Pont 
(TEau  Rouge  (1  hr. ),  5  min.  beyond 
which  it  comes  to  an  end  at  a  little 
inn,  recently  enlarged.  The  mule 
path  (passable  also  for  carts)  runs  in 
\  hr.  to  the  Croix  de  Pellys.  The 
r.-hand  track  leads  hence  to  the 
hamlet  of  Les  Pellys,  and  the  1.  -hand 
one  to  the  chapel  of  Entre  Deux 
Nants  (10  min.),  whither  every  May 
the  inhabitants  of  the  valley  make  a 
pilgrimage  in  memory  of  the  dreadful 

I. 


landslip  of  1602,  which  destroyed  the 
village  of  that  name,  killing  157 
persons.  A  few  minutes  further  is  a 
little  level  spot,  called  Plan  des  LacsK 
This  is  the  centre  of  the  Fer  a 
Cheval,  a  semicircular  hollow  sur-. 
rounded  by  precipitous  walls  of  rock, 
which  are  surmounted  by  a  range  of 
snow-seamed  peaks.  The  highest  of 
these  (the  actual  summit  is  invisible) 
is  the  Pointe  de  Tanneverge  (2^982  m. , 
9,784  ft.),  seen  on  the  L  ;  the  point 
seen  to  the  r.  is  the  Tete  Noire 
(2,139  m. ,  7,018  ft.),  a  great, spur  of 
the  Grenairon.  A  series  of  waterfalls, 
issuing  from  the  small  glaciers  that 
lie  under  the  ridge,  descend  the  face 
of  the  precipice,  and  add  to  the 
singularity  of  the  scene.  Above  the 
first  range  of  precipices,  on  a  shelf  of 
the  mountain  range  scarcely  noticed 
from  below  (on  the  way  to  the  Col  de 
Tanneverge,  Rte.  F),  are  some  Alpine 
pastures,  which,  though  geogra- 
phically belonging  to  Sixt,  are  yet  so 
difficult  of  access  on  this  side  for 
animals,  that  shepherds  from  Salvan, 
on  the  other  side  of  the  range,  long 
ago  occupied  them,  and  they  are  still 
held  by  the  commune  of  Salvan, 
though  the  g^ooo  French  Government 
Map  (here  contradicting  the  Swiss 
map)  oddly  makes  them  part  of  Sixt 
still.  Beyond  the  Fer  a  Cheval  the 
narrow  and  gloomy  Fond  de  la  Co?nbe 
(Rte.  G)  extends  for  about  4  m.  to 
the  N.E. ,  enclosed  between  rugged 
j  and  precipitous  mountains,  over  which 
!   lead  the  passes  described  in  Rte.  G. 

below.    It  is  so  well  walled  in  on 
I   either  side  that  the  hay  which  is  cut 
I   on   the  ledges  of  these  mountains, 
I   often  reached  by  a  perilous  climb,  is 
commonly  made  up  in  bundles,  and 
rolled  over   the   precipices,    to  be 
gathered  anew  on  the  lower  slopes, 
where  it  may  have  lodged.    As  in 
Switzerland,  fatal  accidents  not  un- 
commonly befall  these  bold  1  Wild- 
heuer. ' 

(b)  The  Gers  Glen. — It  is  a  pleasant 
walk  of  3  hrs.  up  the  Gers  glen  to 
the  pretty  lake  of  that  name,  there 
being   a  bridle  path   all  the  way. 

D  D 


402  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.  SIXT 


AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


(Hence  the  Tete  Pelouse  (2,475  m-> 
8,120  ft.),  a  very  fine  point  of  view, 
can  be  ascended  in  2.\  hrs.  by  easy 
slopes.;  it  can  also  be  reached  from  the 
Salles  or  the  Elaine  glens,  Rte.  B. ) 
In  the  same  excursion  a  traveller  may 
include  a  visit  to  the  Croix  de  la 
Porte,  1,525  m.,  5,003  ft.  (accessible 
direct  from  Sixt  in  2 J  hrs.),  a  cross 
standing  on  a  wooded  knoll  which 
forms  the  N.  end  of  the  Grands 
Vents  ridge,  and  overlooks  Sixt,  on 
the  N.E.  The  return  may  be  made 
by  the  very  beautiful  char  road 
through  beech  woods  from  the  Gers 
huts  to  the  road  between  Samoens 
and  Sixt.  Pedestrians  may  find 
many  other  tracks. 

(c)  The  Ronget  and  Pleureuse 
Waterfalls. — These  are  both  in  the 
Salles  glen,  described  in  Rte.  B. 

(d)  The  Tes  Ponds  Hollow. — This 
is  a  much  to  be  recommended  ex- 
cursion. It  is  fully  described  in 
E.te.  D. 

2.  Fine  Points  of  View. 

(a)  The  Collet  d*  Ant  erne, — This 
point  (1,799  m. ,  5,902  ft.)  may  be 
reached  in  3  hrs.  from  Sixt.  Over  it 
passed  the  old  route  from  Sixt  to 
Chamonix  (Rte.  D).  The  return  may 
be  made  by  the  rock  shelf  of  La 
Verriere  and  the  Signal  d'Anterne 
(2,076  m. ,  6,811  ft.)  to  the  Grasses 
Chevres  pastures  and  so  to  Les  Fonds. 

(b)  The  Croix  de  Commune. — 
This  is  an  admirable  spot  whence  to 
view  the  precipices  of  the  Fer  a 
Cheval.  There  are  many  charming 
ways  to  it.  The  best,  perhaps,  is  to 
follow  the  Fer  a  Cheval  route  (1. 
above)  to  the  hamlet  of  Les  Pellys 
(\\  hr. ),  and  thence  to  mount  S.W. 
through  woods  to  the  Commune  huts 
(ij  hr.)  The  cross  (1,932  m.,  6,339 
ft.)  is  \  hr.  from  the  huts,  above 
and  to  the  1.  of  them.  The  return 
to  Sixt  may  be  made  past  the 
Mouillette  huts,  by  a  path  which 
descends  through  Passy  to  the  stone 
bridge  over  the  Giffre.  This  round 
will  take  5-6  hrs.  from  Sixt  and  back. 

(c)  The  Pointe  de  Sambet. — From 
Sixt  it  is  best  to  follow  the  road  to 


the  Fer  a  Cheval  for  \  hr. ,  then  take 
a  path  to  the  1.  through  the  woods, 
which  passes  the  Lower  Salvadon  huts 
(ijhr.)  When  within  \  hr.  of  the 
Upper  Salvadon  huts  (1  hr.  further 
on)  it  is  necessary  to  keep  straight  up 
to  the  E.,  and  so  gain  the  top  (2,234 
m.,  7,330  ft.)  in  ijhr. 
3.  Higher  Peaks. 

(a)  The  Vaudru,  or  Les  Avandmes. 
— The  route  of  the  Pointe  de  Sambet 
is  followed  through  the  Salvadon  glen, 
the  Upper  huts  being  gained  in  2f 
hrs.  from  Sixt.  The  top  (2,672  m., 
S,y6"j  ft.)  is  thence  reached  in  2 J  hrs. 
by  means  of  the  ridge  between  it  and 
the  Sambet,  and  some  steep  rocks  at 
the  end. 

(b)  Pointe  de  Tanneverge  (2,982  m. , 
9,784  ft.) — This  peak  is  most  easily 
reached  by  its  S.E.  ridge  in  2  hrs. 
from  the  Col  de  Tanneverge  (Rte.  F). 
There  is  a  more  interesting  way  from 
the  Croix  Moccand  (2  hrs.  below 
the  pass)  to  the  S.E.  ridge.  This 
short  cut  saves  f-  hr.,  but  requires 
local  knowledge,  as  three  traverses  to 
the  r.  on  the  triple  rock  band  of  the 
peak  are  required. 

A  very  long  way  (useful  only  when 
traversing  the  peak  to  or  from  Cham- 
pery)  is  that  from  the  Col  de  Sagerou 
(6  hrs. ),  discovered  in  1864  by  Sir 
Alfred  Wills.  It  is  best  to  spend 
the  previous  night  at  the  Vogealle 
chalets  or  the  Salanfe  inn.  From  the 
Col  the  Mont  Ruan  gl.  is  gained  by 
climbing  up  the  middle  of  a  steep 
rock  face,  and  then  traversing  in  a  S. 
direction  till  a  gully  (or  better  the 
rocks  on  its  r. )  leads  up  a  great  rock 
spur,  coming  down  from  the  Mont 
Ruan,  to  the  Prazon  gl.,  by  which 
the  summit  is  attained  without  any 
further  difficulty. 

(c)  Mont  Ruan. — This  peak  (3,078 
m. ,  10,099  ft.)  is  best  attained 
(as  pointed  out  in  Rte.  F)  from 
the  Barberine  Club  hut  on  the  S.,  or 
the  Salanfe  inns  on  the  N.  If  it  be 
desired  to  reach  it  from  Sixt  it  is 
necessary  from  the  Col  de  Sagerou  to 
follow  the  way  just  described  to  the 
Mont  Ruan  gl.  (at  the  foot  of  which 


ROUTE  D.    SIXT  TO  CHAMONIX  BY  COL  D'ANTERNE  403 


Jacques  Balmat,  the  couqueror  of 
Mont  Blanc,  lost  his  life  in  Sep- 
tember 1854,  while  searching  for 
gold)  and  the  spur  between  it  and 
the  Prazon  gl. ,  from  the  top  of  which, 
keeping  an  E.  direction  over  snow, 
the  summit  is  gained  in  4^  hrs.  from 
the  Col. 

(d)  The  Buet  (3,109m.,  10,201  ft.) 
is  fully  described  in  Rte.  E,  below. 

(e)  Pointe  de  Salles  (2,494  m., 
8,183  ft.) — This  is  the  magnificent 
summit  which  dominates  Sixt  on  the 
S.  It  may  be  easily  ascended  in 
2  hrs.  from  the  Salles  huts  by  grass 
slopes  and  stones.  Lovers  of  rock- 
climbing  will  prefer  to  make  the  ascent 
from  the  E.  (perhaps  sleeping  at  the 
Anterne  huts),  which  takes  about 
6  hrs.  from  Sixt.  It  is  necessary  to  gain 
by  nicely-stepped  grass  slopes  the  N. 
arete,  just  N.  of  a  deep  notch  cut  in 
it.  The  N.  ridge  is  climbed  first  on 
its  W. ,  then  on  its  E.  side,  the  W. 
slope  being  finally  regained  again 
after  passing  through  a  sort  of  tunnel. 
Hence  a  ledge  enables  the  climber  to 
circle  round  a  great  rock  cirque, 
beyond  which  a  gully  leads  to  the 
easy  part  of  the  W.  face,  not  far  from 
the  summit. 

The  Pointe  de  Salles  is  really  the 
N.  end  of  the  great  precipices  of  the 
Fiz  range.  The  highest  point  of 
these  is  the  Tete  a  PA?ie  (2,793  m-> 
9,164  ft.),  which  may  be  gained  in 
I  hr.  from  the  Pointe  de  Salles  along 
the  crest  of  the  ridge,  and  naturally 
commands  a  more  extensive  view. 


Route  D. 

SIXT  TO  CHAMONIX  BY  THE  COL 
D'ANTERNE. 

Mule  path  ;  9!  hrs. 

This  is  a  walk  that  can  be  most 
highly  recommended,  as  there  is  an 
excellent  mule  path  the  whole  way, 


while  the  views  obtained  at  various 
points  en  route ,  especially  from  the 
Col  d'Anterne  and  the  Col  du 
Brevent,  have  few  rivals  in  the  Alps. 
Toppffer's  famous  account  of  the  Col 
d'Anterne  is  known  to  lovers  of 
Alpine  literature. 

Leaving  Sixt  by  the  new  stone 
bridge  over  the  Giffre  Bas,  the  char 
road  mounts  gradually  across  the 
lower  slopes  of  one  of  the  buttresses 
of  the  Grenairon  to  Salvagny  (ij- 
m. ),  the  other  chief  village  in  the 
valley  of  Sixt.  Immediately  after 
leaving  Salvagny  the  foot  path  crosses 
the  wide  channel  of  the  Nant  Sec. 
This  can  be  converted  by  half  an 
hour's  heavy  rain  into  the  bed  of 
an  impassable  torrent,  for  the  curious 
fan-shaped  slabs  of  rock  (many  acres 
in  extent)  which  lie  above  it  on  the 
slopes  of  the  Grenairon  serve  as 
a  collecting  ground  for  the  rain. 
Beyond  the  torrent  it  is  necessary  to 
follow  the  1.  -hand  path,  which  ascends 
1,000  ft.  to  the  Croix  d  Esperit 
(f  hr.),  passing  through  pine  forests 
with  lovely  moss  and  fern  growth. 

[The  r.-hand  path  leads  to  the 
Pont  de  Salles  and  Pleureuse  water- 
fall (see  Rte.  B.  2.  c),  and  marks 
the  direction  of  the  old  mule  path 
across  the  Col  d'Anterne.  This 
strikes  up  a  sloping  shelf  of  pasture 
under  the  grand  precipices  of  the 
N.W.  buttress  of  the  Pointe  de 
Salles,  passes  the  Collet  d'Aftteme 
(1,799  m->  6,902  ft.)  (3  hrs.  from 
Sixt),  and  then  ascends  gradually 
over  the  Plateau  d'Anterne  past  the 
Anterne  huts,  to  join  the  new  path 
near  the  Lac  d'Anterne.  4|  hrs.  are 
required  from  Sixt  to  the  Col 
d'Anterne  by  this  track,  now  but 
little  used.] 

From  the  Croix  the  path  leads 
horizontally  for  f  m.  through  fir 
woods,  with  fine  glimpses  of  the 
Salles  glen  and  the  Rouget  waterfall, 
to  the  Selire  huts.  Opposite  is  the 
fine  fall  of  the  Anterne  torrent,  called 
Joux  Bas,  and  on  the  r.  is  the 
great  cliff  of  the  Collet  d'Anterns,  the 
curved  strata  on  the  W.  side  of  which 
D  D  2 


4o4  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.  SIXT  AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


form  the  gorge  called  Pes  Faucilles. 
In  1 J  hr.  from  Sixt  two  groups  of  the 
Frassettes  huts  are  passed,  and  then 
a  grassy  knoll  is  reached,  whence  a 
striking  view  of  the  precipices  of  the 
Buet  is  obtained.  On  a  wooded 
mound  above  the  fork  of  the  main 
stream  is  seen  the  '  Eagle's  Nest. ' 
This  is  the  summer  residence  of  Mr. 
Justice  Wills,  who  built  it  in  1859. 
From  this  knoll  the  path  in  10  min. 
reaches  the  bridge  over  the  stream  at 
the  foot  of  the  mound  on  which  lie 
the  Fonds  chalets,  and  in  10  min. 
more  the  huts  (1,381  m.,  4,531  ft. ) 
are  gained  (if  hr.  from  Sixt).  5 
min.  beyond,  a  branch  path  to  the 
L  marks  the  way  to  the  Buet  (Rte. 
E.  1),  but  the  traveller  bound  for  the 
Col  d'Anterne  must  continue  by  the 
mule  path  at  a  level  S.E.  to  the 
bridge  over  the  Fonds  torrent. 
Hence  it  mounts  in  zigzags  in  a 
W.S.W.  direction  to  the  (50  min.) 
Grasses  Chtvres  (1,707  m. ,  5,601  ft.), 
a  shoulder  of  rich  pasture  with  3  or 
4  ruined  huts  on  it.  This  com- 
mands views  of  great  beauty  down 
the  valley,  and  is  clothed,  from  a 
height  of  5,400  ft.  down  to  the  Giffre 
Haut,  on  the  N. ,  and  the  Anterne 
torrent  on  the  W. ,  with  magnificent 
forests  of  fine  timber,  remarkable  for 
the  richness  of  the  undergrowth. 
The  path  doubles  back  again  S.E. 
up  the  grassy  shoulder  to  the  '  SigndV 
or  *  Bas  du  Col d'Anterne  '  (2,076  m. , 
6,811  ft.),  3ihrs.  from  Sixt.1  This 
is  the  abrupt  edge  of  the  rolling 
moorland  of  Anterne  {Plateau 
d'Anterne),  over  which  the  path  runs 
level  to  a  point  overlooking  the  Lac 
d'Anterne  (2,040  m.,  6,693  ft«)>  a 
dark  blue  tarn  which  lies  in  a  hollow 
to  the  W.,  200  ft.  below  the  spec- 
tator. On  the  way  from  the  Plateau 
to  Servoz  the  track  passes  in 
succession  the  Mesozoic  and  Carboni- 

1  The  Carte  Vicinale  (yooVoo)j  pub- 
lished by  the  Ministry  of  the  Interior  in 
1888,  marks  the  mule  path  as  going  from  the 
Grasses  Chevres  up  the  rock  shelf  of  La 
Verriere,  and  past  the  Anterne  huts  to  the 
lake.  There  is  a  track  this  way,  but  no 
mule  path. 


ferous  formations,  and  the  geologist 
will  be  pleased  to  find  fossils  in 
greater  abundance  than  is  usual  in 
the  High  Alps.  The  Col  d'Anterne 
(2,263  m-j  7>425  ft.)  is  reached  in/25 
min.  from  the  lake  by  a  gradual 
ascent  (4!  hrs.  from  Sixt). 

Here  a  magnificent  view  of  the 
whole  chain  of  Mont  Blanc  bursts 
suddenly  on  the  eyes  of  the  traveller. 
Mont  Blanc  himself,  1 1  miles  distant, 
lies  right  e?i  face,  the  rounded  summit 
in  the  immediate  foreground  being 
the  Pointe  Noire  de  Porme?iaz  (2,334 
m.,  7,658  ft.)  On  the  1.  is  the 
Brevent  range,  stretching  away  north- 
wards  to  the  Aiguilles  Rouges,  and 
making  a  dark  foreground  to  the 
great  Chamonix  Aiguilles  from  the 
Midi  to  the  Verte.  On  the  r.  the 
chain  of  Mont  Blanc  trends  away  to 
the  S.W.,  while  to  the  W.  rise  the 
hills  round  Albertville. 

From  the  Col  the  mule  path  de- 
scends for  10  min.,  when  it  branches. 
Here  the  ways  to  Chamonix  and  to 
Servoz  divide. 

(a)  To  Chamonix.  — Take  the  /.- 
hand  branch  which  passes  by  the 
Moede  chalets,  crosses  the  Diosaz  tor- 
rent 1,700  ft.  below  the  Col,  and  after 
passing  the  Arlevaz  huts  (if  hr.  from 
the  Col)  mounts  steeply  to  the  Col  du 
Prevent  (if  hr.),  6,975  ft.,  some 
way  to  the  N.  E.  of  the  peak  of  the 
Brevent.  Hence  it  descends  steeply 
to  the  inn  of  Planpraz,  J  hr.  (§  16. 
Rte.  A.  no.  9),  and  follows  the  steep 
zigzags  down  to  Chamonix  (1  hr. ), 
which  is  thus  reached  in  9|  hrs. 
from  Sixt  by  a  most  lovely  route. 

The  whole  Diosaz  valley,  above  the 
gorge  at  its  lower  end,  is  open  moor- 
land ;  the  rock  is  granite  on  the 
Aiguilles  Rouges  and  Brevent  side, 
as'  well  as  over  the  whole  of  the 
Pointe  Noire  de  Pormenaz.  This 
joins  the  limestone  of  the  Col  d'An- 
terne-Buet  range  at  the  bottom  of  the 
valley.  The  Trias  and  Lias  are  re- 
presented by  two  comparatively  thin 
bands,  whose  outcrop  is  on  the  steep 
N.  W.  declivity  of  the  valley.  Near  the 
junction  of  the  Carboniferous  strata 


ROUTE  E.    SIXT  TO  ARGENTIERE  OR  CHAMONIX  405 


with  the  Trias  fossil  plants  are  abund- 
ant. In  1 86 1  Sir  Alfred  Wills, 
guided  by  Auguste  Balmat,  found  un- 
usually fine  specimens  on  the  slopes 
above  the  Moede  chalets.  About  an 
hour  above  the  Arlevaz  huts  are  some 
extremely  fine  examples  of  former 
glacial  action.  The  '  roches  mouton- 
nees'  are  most  typical,  and  the  longi- 
tudinal scoring  of  their  sides  is  in 
most  wonderful  perfection.  The  main 
direction  of  the  glacial  flow  from  the 
Aiguille  Verte  across  the  Brevent 
range  is  clearly  shown.  To  any  one 
interested  in  the  subject  the  Lac 
Cornu  (Rte.  F.  4)  and  its  surround- 
ings are  well  worth  a  visit. 

{b)  To  Servoz. —  Take  the  r.  -hand 
path,  which  runs  due  W.  under  the 
towering  precipices  of  the  Rochers 
des  Fiz,  till  near  the  Ayer  huts,  high 
above  the  r.  bank  of  the  Diosaz. 
Leave  these  to  the  r. ,  and  descend 
S.  to  the  hamlet  of  Le  Mont,  either 
directly,  or  by  a  less  steep  way  past 
the  village  of  La  Cote  (a  slight 
detour).  In  a  few  minutes  more 
Servoz  is  reached  (2f  hrs.  from  the 
Col  d'Anterne,  or  7J  hrs.  from  Sixt). 
Hence  it  is  m.  by  carriage  road  to 
Chamonix  (Rte.  16.  A). 

The  traveller  bound  to  St.  Gervais 
or  Sallanches  may  traverse  by  a  level 
path  from  the  chalets  of  Ayer  to  the 
Plaine  Joux,  and  thence  descend  to 
Passy  by  a  most  agreeable  and  shady 
cart  track  (see  Rte.  B.  2.  c). 


Route  E. 

SIXT  TO  ARGENTIERE  OR  CHAMONIX 
BY  THE  BIJET  OR  THE  AIGUILLES 
ROUGES. 

It  is  a  remarkable  fact  that,  for 
topographical  reasons,  there  is  not  a 
single  direct  passage  from  the  Sixt 
valley  to  that  of  Chamonix.  Between 
them  lies  the  deep-cut  glen  of  Diosaz, 


while  at  the  -N.  head  of  that  glen 
rises  the  Buet,  a  descent  from  which 
leads  not  to  the  Arve,  but  to  the 
Trient  valley.  Thus  two  passes,  or  a 
peak  and  a  pass,  must  be  traversed  by 
a  traveller  on  his  way  from  Sixt  to 
Chamonix.  Many  travellers  will  pre- 
fer to  take  the  mule  path  over  the 
Cols  d'Anterne  and  du  Brevent,  de- 
scribed in  the  last  Rte.  But  in  fine 
weather  an  active  walker  should  not 
fail  to  take  the  Buet  or  the  Belvedere 
on  his  way,  while  there  are  various 
passes  in  the  range  (commonly  called 
the  Aiguilles  Rouges  range)  running 
from  the  Buet  to  the  Brevent  which 
may  attract  those  who  like  more  un- 
frequented tracks. 

1.  By  the  Buet.  — The  Buet  (3,109 
m.,  10,201  ft.)  is  the  highest  point  in 
the  ranges  between  Sixt  and  Cha- 
monix, and,  as  its  ascent  offers  no 
difficulty,  it  attracted  the  attention  of 
all  the  early  travellers  who  explored 
the  neighbourhood  of  Sixt  or  of 
Chamonix.  It  was,  in  fact,  the  third 
snowy  peak  in  the  Alps  to  be  con- 
quered by  man,  the  Rochemelon,  near 
Susa,  in  the  fourteenth  century,  and 
the  Titlis,  in  1739  or  1744,  having 
been  its  only  predecessors.  In  1770 
the  brothers  Deluc  ascended  the  Buet 
from  the  Sixt  side,  and  in  1775  Bourrit 
discovered  a  new  route  from  the  Pierre 
a  Berard,  by  which  in  the  following 
year  Saussure  himself  reached  the 
summit.  On  the  other  hand  the  Buet 
has  a  more  unenviable  notoriety  as 
the  scene,  in  1800,  of  the  first  recorded 
fatal  accident  to  a  traveller  in  the 
High  Alps,  Monsieur  F.  A.  Eschen 
(who  is  commemorated  by  a  monu- 
ment near  the  bridge  over  the  Diosaz, 
close  to  Servoz)  having  then  lost  his 
life  in  one  of  its  crevasses.  Hence  the 
Buet  deserved  to  have  its  early  history 
written,  and  this  has  been  done  by 
Mr.  D.  W.  Freshfield  in  the  9th 
volume  of  the  *  Alpine  Journal. ' 

Most  mountaineers  who  visit  both 
Sixt  and  Chamonix  take  the  Buet  on 
their  way  between  those  two  places. 
But,  as  this  is  a  long  day  of  10  or 
I   11  hrs.,  it  is  usual  to  sleep  at  the 


4o6  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.  SIXT  AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


little  inn  at  Les  Fonds  (if  hr.-j  if 
coming  from  Sixt,  or  at  the  Pierre  a 
Berard  inn,  if  coming  from  Chamonix. 
There  is  also  in  this  way  a  better 
chance  of  obtaining  a  good  morning 
view  from  the  summit.  The  ascent 
is,  considering  the  height  of  the 
mountain,  very  easy,  and  a  single 
guide  is  sufficient  for  a  party  of 
several  travellers  moderately  well 
used  to  mountain  expeditions.  The 
usual  route  just  avoids  the  Col  de 
Lechaud  and  the  Col  de  Salenton,  so 
that,  if  the  weather  should  appear  un- 
favourable for  the  ascent,  the  traveller 
may  reach  Chamonix  direct  by  these 
passes  (see  2.  below).  The  ordinary 
route  up  the  Buet  mounts  from  Sixt 
by  the  Fonds  glen,  and  descends  to 
Chamonix  by  the  Pierre  a  Berard  inn 
and  Argentiere. 

From  Sixt  the  chalets  of  Les  Fonds 
are  reached  in  if  hr.  by  the  Col 
d'Anterne  mule  path,  described  in  the 
last  Rte.  Five  minutes  beyond  them 
it  is  necessary  to  leave  the  mule 
path  for  a  track  which  crosses  and 
recrosses  the  Fonds  torrent,  then 
mounts  steeply  by  zigzags  up  the  more 
southerly  of  two  brushwood-covered 
ridges  which  descend  from  the  Beaux 
Pres  pasture  basin,  just  below  the 
Col  de  Lechaud.  This  basin  is  gained 
in  ij  hr.  from  les  Fonds,  and  the  pass 
(2,283  m-j  7A9°  ft-)  is  35  mm-  fur- 
ther on  by  grass  and  shale  (3f  hrs. 
from  Sixt).  The  way  up  the  Buet 
bears  N.  (avoiding  the  pass)  across  the 
basin,  and  mounts  N.W.  up  the  edge 
of  the  highest  grass  slopes  to  a  bare 
hump  where  the  spur  of  Les  Carres 
joins  the  main  S.  W.  ridge.  Here  the 
remains  of  the  Baux  glacier  are 
traversed  for  a  short  distance,  then 
the  main  S.W.  ridge  regained  by  a 
stony  bank,  and  followed  past  the 
small  Cabane  Pictet  (230  ft.  below 
the  summit)  and  the  cairn  to  the  top, 
about  2  hrs.  from  the  Beaux  Pres. 
.(It  is  possible  to  follow  the  ridge,  or 
its  E.  face,  from  the  Col  de  Lechaud 
to  the  top  in  about  2J  hrs. )  5 J-6  hrs. 
are  thus  required  from  Sixt. 

[Two  more  direct  routes,  fit  only 


for  good  climbers,  may  be  briefly  in- 
dicated. One  mounts  from  the  point 
at  which  the  Buet  track  leaves  the 
Chamonix  mule  track,  5  min.  from 
the  Fonds  huts,  through  fir  woods, 
and  past  the  buttress  of  Les  Carres, 
to  the  4  Cheminee  de  Daniel,'  and  up 
this  to  its  junction  with  the  main 
S.W.  ridge  at  the  hump  noted  above. 
The  other  by  the  Belleface  pastures 
and  the  '  Couloir  de  la  Lionne  ' 
leads  up  to  the  Baux  glacier.  J 

The  beauty  and  grandeur  of  the 
panorama  from  the  Buet  can  scarcely 
be  exaggerated,  though  some  com- 
petent judges  rank  that  from  the  Belve- 
dere as  little,  if  at  all,  inferior.  The 
height  of  the  Buet  (3,109  m.,  10,201 
ft. )  raises  it  above  the  nearer  ranges, 
yet  leaves  in  full  grandeur  the  great 
mass  of  Mont  Blanc,  rising  1,700  m. 
( 5 , 5  7  8  ft. )  above  the  spectator.  To  the 
mountaineer  who  approaches  Mont 
Blanc  from  the  N.  the  ascent  of  the 
Buet  from  Sixt  has  the  great  advan- 
tage of  giving  him  at  once  the  most 
complete  general  view  of  the  entire 
range,  and  by  descending  to  Chamonix 
he  will  be  able  to  fill  in  the  details  of 
a  picture  that  will  remain  inefTaceably 
impressed  on  his  memory. 

The  descent  towards  Chamonix  is 
usually  made  by  the  S.E.  face  to  the 
Pierre  a  Berard  inn,  a  route  always 
chosen  for  the  ascent  from  that  side. 
It  starts  from  the  cairn,  a  little  below 
the  summit  on  the  ridge  running  down 
to  the  Col  de  Salenton,  and  lies  over 
easy  snow  and  shale  to  the  Berard 
glen,  striking  the  route  from  the  Col 
de  Salenton  about  300  ft.  below  that 
pass.  After  descending  about  1,800 ft. , 
the  traveller  reaches  a  curious  rock, 
naturally  broken  into  ledges  which 
form  convenient  seats,  called  the 
6  Table  au  Chantref  a  name  given  to 
it  in  honour  of  Bourrit,  who  made 
the  first  ascent  from  this  side  in  1775, 
and  who  was  Precentor  of  the  former 
Cathedral  church  of  Geneva.  \  hr. 
below  this  (ij-if  hr.  from  the  top, 
3  hrs.  up)  is  the  Pierre  a  Berard 
(1,930  m.,  6,332  ft.),  a  huge  de- 
tached rock.    Near  it  is  a  little  inn. 


ROUTE  E.    SIXT  TO  ARGENTIERE  OR  CHAMONIX  407 


(For  the  Col  de  Berard  and  the  route 
up  the  Belvedere,  see  3.  below.) 
Hence  a  mule  path  is  carried  down 
the  side  of  the  mountain  above  the  1. 
bank  of  the  Bei'ard  torrent,  till,  after 
passing  a  grove  of  larches,  it  reaches 
a  little  grassy  plain.  Lower  down 
the  track  winds  amidst  huge  blocks 
of  protogine,  passes  first  near  the  fine 
Berard  waterfall  (crossing  here  to  the 
r.  bank),  and  then  reaches  the  hamlet 
of  La  Poyaz^  where  it  bears  r.  and 
joins  the  frequented  high  road  from 
the  Tete  Noire  to  Chamonix  ( 1  hr. ) 
(§16.  Rte.  H),  close  to  the  watershed 
between  the  Eau  Noire  and  Arve 
valleys.  This  point  is  4  m.  from 
Argentiere,  or  10  m.  from  Chamonix. 

[A  harder  route  is  to  descend  from 
the  S.E.  arete  of  the  Buet  to  the  gl. 
on  the  N. ,  and  so  go  through  the 
Entre  les  Eves  glen  to  the  high 
road.] 

If  bound  for  Vallorcine  or  places 
beyond,  bear  1.  at  La  Poyaz  to  the 
high  road.  Finhaut  may  be  reached 
from  the  top  of  the  Buet  over  the 
peak  of  the  Cheval  Blanc  (2,841  m. , 
9,321  ft.),  the  Col  du  Vieux,  and  the 
Col  de  la  Gueula  (Rte.  F),  a  fine  but 
long  route.  Another  very  fine  but 
long  route  to  Chamonix  is  to  descend 
from  the  Buet  to  the  Col  de  Salenton 
by  the  S.E.  ridge  (or  to  any  spot 
between  that  Col  and  the  Col 
de  Lechaud),  then  to  follow  a 
faintly  marked  track  to  the  Barme 
hut,  and  thence  either  to  cross  by  the 
Lac  Cornu  (4.  below)  or,  more 
directly,  by  the  Col  de  la  Flegere, 
further  N.,  and  to  the  S.  of  the  Aig. 
de  la  Gliere  of  the  French  map,  to  the 
Flegere  path,  and  so  to  Chamonix,  or 
to  continue  from  Barme  along  the  path 
till,  at  the  Arlevaz  huts,  the  Col  du 
Brevent  (Rte.  D)  mule  path  is  joined 
and  followed  over  that  pass  to  Cha- 
monix (6-7  hrs.  from  the  Buet)  ;  in 
both  cases  the  two  finest  views  of  the 
Mont  Blanc  range  are  combined  in 
one  day's  walk.  If  bound  for  Servoz 
it  is  necessary  to  go  down  the  Diosaz 
valley  to  the  Villy  and  the  Ecuelle 
huts,  on  the  r.  bank,  striking  the  Col 


d'Anterne  path  (Rte.  D)  near  the  Col, 
and  following  it  henceforth  (5  hrs. 
from  the  Buet  to  Servoz). 

2.  By  the  Cols  de  Lechaud  and  de 
Salenton. — The  route  from  Sixt  to 
the  former  pass  (2,283  m. ,  7,490  ft.), 
3|  hrs.,  has  been  described  above. 
There  is  a  tarn  on  the  Col,  but  no 
track  from  the  Beaux  Pres  basin  on- 
wards by  this  route.  From  the  pass 
I  hr.  is  required  to  the  Col  de 
Salenton.  The  traveller  should  bear 
a  little  to  the  1.  along  the  ridge, 
descend  steeply  on  grass  for  500  ft.  to 
the  very  head  of  the  Diosaz  valley,, 
and  then  make  for  the  hollow  trough 
at  the  junction  of  the  granite  and  the 
limestone,  and  so  mount  to  the  Col  de 
Salenton  (2,475  m- ,  8, 120  ft. )  A  little 
way  belcw  the  Col  the  Buet  route  is 
joined,  and  the  inn  at  the  Pierre  a 
Berard  (see  above)  reached  (1  hr. ) 
over  snow  and  shale.  From  the 
second  pass  it  is  necessary  to  bear 
well  to  the  r.  in  order  to  avoid  glacier- 
worn  rocks  below. 

3.  By  the  Belvedere,. — This  peak 
(2,966  m.,  5,731  ft.),  which  com- 
mands a  view  inferior  only,  if  at  all, 
to  that  from  the  Buet,  is  the  highest 
summit  of  the  range  between  the 
Diosaz  and  Arve  valleys,,  commonly 
called  the  Aiguilles  Rouges.  The 
topography  of  this  range  has  been 
strangely  misrepresented  on  the  maps, 
and  the  article  (with  a  sketch  map) 
by  MM.  Vallot,  in  the  'Annuaire  du 
Club  Alpin  Francais,'  vol.  xix.  1892, 
pp.  12-28,  should  be  consulted.  The 
name  '  Aiguilles  Rouges '  seems  to  be 
properly  confined  to  the  serrated 
ridge  N.E.  of  the  Belvedere.  Re- 
ferring for  details  to  this  article,  it 
need  only  be  said  here  that  the  maps 
agree  as  to  the  height  of  the  Belve- 
dere, but  the  goJoo  maP  ca^lS 
it  'Aiguilles  Rouges,'  while  the 
Yo^oqo  map  names  it  '  Aiguille  de 
Gliere,'  the  latter  name  really  belong- 
ing to  a  peak  some  way  further  S.  It 
is  now  best  known  by  the  name  of 
'  Belvedere,'  which  it  thoroughly  de- 
serves, as  it  is  a  very  fine  view  point. 
It  can  easily  be  crossed  from  Sixt  to 


408  PENNINE  ALPS.    $  17.  SIXT 


AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


Chamonix,  it  being  best  to  sleep  at 
Les  Fonds  or  at  the  Fiegere  inn. 
From  Sixt  the  Col  de  Lechaud  ( 3§  hrs. ), 
must  be  gained  as  described  above. 
Thence  it  is  necessary  to  descend 
900  ft.,  and  then  to  cross  a  long  spur 
which  hides  from  sight  the  Col  de 
Berard  (2,563  m.,  8,409  ft.),  N.W. 
of  the  peak.  The  traverse  from  one 
Col  to  another  takes  2\  hrs. ,  and  lies 
over  grass  and  gneiss  hummocks. 
(The  Col  de  Berard  is  reached  from 
the  Pierre  a  Berard  inn  in  1  hr.,  so 
that  that  inn  can  be  taken  as  a  start- 
ing point  for  the  ascent.)  The  N.W. 
ridge,  which  at  first  is  very  steep,  is 
easy  to  follow  to  the  false  top,  and 
thence  is  a  very  narrow  causeway, 
with  one  hard  bit.  The  summit 
(•I J  hr.  from  the  Col  de  Berard)  is 
crowned  by  a  ^small  stone  hut. 

The  descent  lies  down  the  easy, 
though  steep  and  narrow,  rocky  S. 
arete,  which  is  left  a  good  way  down 
in  order  to  go  along  the  upper  edge 
of  the  Glacier  Blanc,  by  which  a 
stony  hollow  is  reached.  After  pass- 
ing the  Lac  Blanc  the  traveller  gains 
the  Fiegere  inn  (2  hrs.  from  the  sum- 
mit), the  route  having  been  in  a  S.E. 
direction  after  leaving  the  S.  arete. 
<}\  to  ID  hrs.  are  required  from  Les 
Fonds  to  Chamonix  over  the  Belve- 
dere. 

From  the  spur  on  the  way  between 
the  Cols  de  Lechaud  and  de  Berard, 
mentioned  above,  it  is  easy  to  keep 
S.  along  the  W.  base  of  the  Belvedere, 
and  then  to  mount  by  a  small  glacier 
;  in  an  E.  direction  to  the  r.  -hand  notch 
close  under  the  Aiguille  de  la  Floriaz, 
2,888m.,9,475ft.,ofMM.Vallot'smap 
(2,902  m.  on  the  rqooo  map,  the  only 
-one  which  marks  it,  though  giving  the 
name  to  a  lower  peak  to  the  S.W.) 
From  this  pass,  which  may  fitly  be 
called  Col  de  la  Floriaz,  an  easy 
descent  leads  to  the  stony  hollow 
gained  on  the  descent  from  the 
Belvedere,  and  so  to  the  Fiegere  inn 
in  7J  hrs.  from  Les  Fonds. 

4.  By  the  Lac  Comu  and  the  Col 
de  la  Gliere.  — ■  This  is  a  beautiful 
walk,  while  to  the  geologist  the  re- 


markably fine  specimens  of  glacial 
action  to  be  seen  near  the  lake  will 
prove  of  very  great  interest.  Coming 
from  Sixt  it  is  easiest  to  follow  the 
Col  d'Anterne  mule  track  as  far  as 
the  Arlevaz  huts,  and  then  to  strike 
E.  up  grass  and  glacier-worn  rocks 
to  the  Lac  Comu,  2,275  m. ,  7,464  ft. 
(4  hrs.  from  Les  Fonds.)  (If  coming 
from  the  Col  de  Lechaud,  keep  r. 
past  the  Villy  and  Barme  huts  (or. 
S.E.  direct  from  the  latter  by  glaciated 
rocks)  to  the  Arlevaz  huts. )  The  lake 
is  a  beautiful  clear  mountain  tarn, 
and  round  it  there  are  fine  echoes. 
In  35  min.  the  pass  in  the  ridge  on 
the  E.  is  gained.  It  is  N.  of  the 
peak  called  Aiguille  Pourrie  by  all 
the  maps,  including  that  of  MM.  Val- 
lot.  A  great  snow  bed  and  a  stony 
descent  lead  to  the  Fiegere  path 
below  the  inn,  Chamonix  being 
reached  in  3  hrs.  from  the  lake,  or 
'7  hrs.  from  Les  Fonds. 


Route  F. 

SIXT   TO   SALVAN   AND  MARTIGNY. 

The  principal  summits  of  the 
mountain  chain  between  the  Buet 
and  the  Dent  du  Midi  are  all  formed 
of  Jurassic  limestone,  and  constitute 
a  range  which  is,  roughly  speaking, 
parallel  to  the  two  chief  valleys  that 
enclose  it — the  Val  dTlliez  on  the 
W.  and  the  Vallee  du  Trient  on  the 
E.  Several  tributary  glens  descend 
nearly  due  E.  from  this  range.  The 
most  northerly  of  these  is  that  of 
Salanfe,  traversed  by  the  Sallanche 
torrent,  which,  after  forming  the  well- 
known  waterfall  of  Pissevache,  joins 
the  Rhone  near  Vernayaz  ;  the  middle 
one,  that  of  Emaney,  is  watered  by 
the  Triege,  which  flows  past  the 
Emaney  huts  to  join  the  Trient  at 
Triquent  ;  while  the  most  southerly, 
bending  gradually  to  the  S.E.,  is 
traversed  by  the  Barberine  torrent, 


ROUTE  F.    SIXT  TO  SALVAN  AND  MARTIGNY  409 


which  joins  the  Eau  Noire  (the  true 
source  of  the  Trient)  a  little  below 
the  village  of  Vallorcine.  The  lower 
course  of  the  Barberine  forms  the 
frontier  between  Switzerland  and 
France  ;  otherwise  the  basins  watered 
by  these  three  streams  lie  entirely  on 
the  Swiss  side  of  the  chain. 

There  are  three  passes  leading  from 
Sixt  to  the  Barberine  glen,  all  of 
which  converge  at  the  Emosson  huts 
(1,774  m->  5.820  ft.),  in  its  middle 
reach.  Hence  a  path  leads  over  the 
Col  dela  Gueula  (1 ,945  m.,  6,381  ft.) 
direct  to  Finhaut  and  Salvan,  thus 
avoiding  the  sharp  rise  and  rough 
descent  above  the  r.  bank  of  the  river 
gorge  in  French  territory.  Of  course 
the  easiest  route  from  Sixt  to  Salvan 
and  Martigny  is  over  the  Cols  de 
Lechaud  and  de  Salenton  to  Pierre  a 
Berard  (Rte.  E),  and  then  by  the 
high  road  from  Chamonix  to  either 
place.  But  the  three  passes  to  be 
described  are  far  more  interesting. 

I.  By  the  Col  de  Tanne verge  (10 
hrs.  to  Salvan). — From  Sixt  the  road 
to  the  Fer  a  Cheval  must  be  followed 
as  far  as  the  little  inn  beyond  the 
Pont  d'Eau  Rouge  (1  hr.  5  min.),  and 
then  the  path  to  the  hamlet  of  Les 
Pellys  (Rte.  C.  I.  a.  above).  This 
hamlet  is  just  at  the  foot  of  the  pre- 
cipices on  the  r.  of  the  beautiful 
waterfall  of  La  Aleridienne  (easily 
recognised,  as  it  springs  from  the 
middle  of  the  mountain  face,  at  the 
junction  of  the  Lias  and  Jurassic 
formations).  The  track  mounts  hence 
on  the  1.  of  the  waterfall  by  narrow 
ledges,  with  good  hand  holds,  up  the 
l.-hand  side  of  a  shallow  black 
gully,  leading  upwards.  This  is  the 
Pas  Ne,  or  Pas  Noir  (2 J-  hrs.  from 
Sixt).  Above  it,  very  steep  grass 
slopes  must  be  climbed  with  care  to 
the  N.  end  of  a  narrow  band  of  shale, 
along  which  a  level  traverse  of  1  hr. , 
between  the  lower  precipices  enclos- 
ing the  Fer  a  Cheval  and  those  of 
the  Pointe  de  Tanneverge  itself,  leads 
to  the  upper  pastures  at  the  Croix 
Moccand,  1,367  m. ,  4,485  ft. 
(2 J-  hrs.)    This  marks  the  political 


frontier,  for  the  pastures  hence  to  the 
Col  are,  as  pointed  out  in  Rte.  C. 
politically  Swiss,  though  geographi- 
cally part  of  the  territory  of  Sixt, 
whence  access  is  too  difficult  for 
animals. 

[It  has  been  maintained,  on  the 
strength  of  a  document  of  1307,  that 
they  passed  at  that  date  to  the  men 
of  Salvan,  but  it  seems  more  pro- 
bable, from  the  boundaries  set  forth  in 
that  charter,  that  the  deep  basin  of 
Vieux  Emosson  is  really  meant, 
though  this  is  not  absolutely  certain.] 

Hence  the  pastures  are  mounted 
towards  the  ridge  at  their  E.  end. 
It  is  possible  to  cross  it  at  the  lowest 
point  (2,497  m.,  8,193  ft.),  but  this 
involves  a  great  traverse  round  to  the 
r.  on  the  other  side.  It  is,  there- 
fore, best  to  cross  a  notch  S.  of  the 
point  marked  2,577  m.  on  the  Swiss 
map,  some  way  S.  of  the  lowest 
depression  (2  hrs.) 

[From  the  Col  the  ascent  of  the 
Pointe  de  Tanneve7-ge  (2,982  m., 
9,784  ft.)  may  be  effected  in  2  hrs. 
See  Rte.  C.  3.  b.J 

From  the  gap  near  2,577  m. 
(8,455  ft-)  tne  descent  to  the  Bar- 
berine huts  (1,836  m.,  6,024  ft.),  in  a 
pretty  grassy  basin — new  Club  hut, 
see  Rte  I.  3. — lies  due  E.,  and  takes 
40  min. 

[From  this  hut  the  Mont  Ruan 
(3,078  m.,  10,099  ft-)  maY  be  as- 
cended in  4 \  hrs.  by  the  S.W.  bit  of 
the  Fronds  glacier,  and  the  S.W. 
ridge  reached  at  the  spot  where  stand 
the  figures  2,940  m.  on  the  Swiss 
map,  the  top  being  then  gained 
by  passing  over  the  lower  summit 
(3,047  m.,  9,997  ft.),  while  the 
Tour  Sallieres  (3,227  m.,  10,588  ft.) 
is  also  accessible  in  6  hrs.  from  the 
Club  hut  by  the  long  ridge  running 
up  from  the  Pointes  de  Boillon. 
These  are  the  easiest  routes  up  these 
two  fine  peaks,  between  which  lies 
the  Col  de  la  Tour  Sallieres,  de- 
scribed in  Rte.  I.  2.  J 

In  25  min.  a  path  along  the  1. 
bank  of  the  torrent  leads  to  a  point 
opposite  the  Emosson  huts  (i,774  m«> 


4io  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.  SIXT 


AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


5,820ft),  where  the  routes  from  the 
two  other  passes  to  be  described  fall 
in.  Hence  the  Chamonix  high  road 
near  the  Barberine  inn  may  be 
reached  by  a  very  rough  way  by  a 
track  high  above  the  r.  bank  of  the 
gorge,  in  about  2\  hrs.  It  is  far 
better  to  mount  E.  by  a  zigzag  path 
in  j  hr.  to  the  Col  de  la  G-ueula 
(1,945  m. ,  6,381  ft.),  whence  Fin- 
haut  may  be  reached  in  J  hr.,  and 
Salvan  by  the  road  in  \\  hr.  more 
(§16.  Rte.  H).  From  the  Col  it  is 
easy  to  go  direct  to  Salvan  by  a 
pretty,  level  path  past  the  Fenestral 
huts  (above  Finhaut),  and  then 
through  pine  woods  (2 \  hrs.) 

[From  the  Barberine  huts  there  is  a 
high-level  route  to  Salvan  or  Mar- 
tigny,  which  involves  the  traverse  of 
several  passes,  described  in  Rte.  L, 
though  this  route  would  involve  a 
night  at  the  Barberine  Club  hut  for  any 
one  coming  from  Sixt.  These  are 
the  Col  de  Barberine  (2,480  m. ,  8, 137 
ft.)  to  the  Emaney  glen,  and  then 
the  Col  <P Emaney  {2,427  m. ,  7,963 
ft. )  to  the  Salanfe  basin,  whence  it  is 
easy  to  descend  direct  to  Salvan,  or 
to  cross  the  Col  du  Jorat  (2,223  m. , 
7,294  ft.)  to  the  valley  of  the  Rhone, 
gained  near  Evionnaz.] 

2.  By  the  Col  du  Cheval  Blanc  (9- 
9J  hrs.  to  Salvan). — In  former  editions 
this  pass  was  named,  not  quite  cor- 
rectly, the  Col  du  Grenairon.  It  is  a 
quicker  and  easier  route  than  either  I 
or  3.  From  Sixt  the  traveller  must  go 
by  Passy  and  the  Mouillette  huts  to  the 
Croix  de  Commune  (2-J  hrs.),  as  in 
Rte.  C.  2.  b.  In  this  way  the  lower 
precipices  are  turned,  and  it  then 
becomes  necessary  to  skirt  N.  E.  along 
their  brink  for  I  hr.  over  slopes  of 
steep  rough  stones.  A  lateral  rock 
wall  cuts  off  all  access  to  the  Col  de 
Tanneverge,  so  that  debris  and 
stones  must  be  mounted,  round  the 
N.  end  of  the  small  Cheval  Blanc 
glacier,  to  a  notch  in  the  ridge  be- 
tween the  points  marked  2,725  and 
2,659  metres  on  the  Swiss  map.  This 
is  the  Col,  c.  2,600  m.,  8,530  ft. 
(3-3 J  hrs.),  which  is  a  good  bit  N. 


of  the  peak  of  the  Cheval  Blanc 
(2,841  m.,  9,321  ft.)  A  track  leads 
E.  direct  to  the  desolate  and  stony 
basin  of  Vieux  Emosson  (for  its  pro- 
bable history  see  under  1.  above),  na 
doubt  an  old  lake  bed.  A  narrow 
passage  by  the  1.  bank  of  the  stream 
(avoid  a  tempting  big  path  which 
mounts  the  great  buttress  on  the  W. ) 
leads  to  the  Emosson  huts,  1,774  m., 
5,820  ft.  (1  hr.),  beyond  which  the 
Barberine  torrent  is  crossed  to  join 
the  path  described  in  1,  above. 

3.  By  the  Col  de  Tanneverge  du 
Buet  (8 \  hrs.  to  Salvan). — This  is 
much  the  most  interesting  route  for  a 
mountaineer.  From  Sixt  the  chalets  , 
of  Les  Fonds  are  gained  in  if  hr.  by 
the  Buet  route  (Rte.  E.  1).  Hence 
it  is  necessary  to  mount  the  preci- 
pices in  the  N.E.  angle  of  the  Fonds 
basin  by  the  Gtiivra  ( '  gouffre  '),  a  very 
remarkable  and  imposing  black  rift 
(seen  from  Les  Fonds),  of  which  an 
early  account  was  given  by  Mr.  Justice 
Wills  in  the  '  Alpine  Journal,'  vol.  ii. 
pp.  5 1 -3.  It  is  part  of  a  chasm, 
1,000  to  1,500  ft.  deep,  a  mile  long 
from  E.  to  W. ,  and  often  only  50  yards 
wide  at  the  top,  which  is  parallel  to 
and  close  behind  the  outer  face  of  the 
precipice.  This  outer  wall  has  been 
cut  through  in  the  centre  to  the  base, 
leaving  a  narrow  entrance  between 
immense,  knife-edged  flakes  of  cliff 
on  either  side,  each  of  which  hides 
one  arm  of  the  chasm.  Two  level 
white  bands  on  the  r.-hand  flake 
mark  the  entrance,  which  lies  N.N.E. 
of  Les  Fonds,  and  in  full  view.  The 
r.  and  longer  arm  is  impassable. 
The  slope  of  debris  in  the  other  is 
separated  from  the  grass  slopes  above 
by  a  short  wall  of  rock,  furnished  with 
easy  steps  (ij-  hr.  from  Les  Fonds). 
(In  descending,  these  steps  are  hit  by 
aiming  at  the  big  tree  on  the  top  of 
the  outer  flake,  after  crossing  all  the 
converging  grass  gullies,  and  descend- 
ing two  low  rock  bands  that  cross 
them.)  Up  these  grass  gullies,  and 
along  the  upper  grass  slopes,  the 
traveller  mounts,  with  the  strata,  to 
the  top  of  the  long  E.  arm  of  the 


ROUTE  G.    SIXT  OR  SAM O ENS  TO  CHAMPERY  411 


chasm,  and  crosses  it  to  the  wide 
sloping  hollow  between  the  Buet  and 
the  Grenairon.  This  hollow  is 
ascended  to  its  head,  at  the  cairn 
on  the  Pointe  du  Genevrier '(2,819  m. , 
9,249  ft.,  on  the  French  map).  It  is 
necessary  to  go  along  this  level  ridge 
for  Jhr. ,  then  bear  down  round  its  end, 
the  peak  of  the  Cheval  Blanc  (2,841 
m.,  9,321  ft.),  for  10  min.  to  the  Col 
du  Vieux  (2,536  m.,  8,321  ft.)  This 
pass  leads  from  the  Cascade  de  Berard 
by  the  Eau  Noire  gorge  to  the  Vieux 
Emosson  hollow,  which  is  gained  from 
it  by  the  steep  rocks  in  \  hr. ,  the 
route  of  the  Col  du  Cheval  Blanc 
(2.  above)  being  thence  followed 
to  the  Emosson  huts,  and  over  the 
Col  de  la  Gueula  to  Sal  van. 


Route  G. 

SIXT  OR  SAMOENS  TO  CHAMPERY. 

Three  passes  lead  from  Sixt  or 
Samoens  to  Champery.  If  the  travel- 
ler chooses  the  first  described  below, 
he  will  have  a  good  mule  path  all  the 
way,  and  will  not  need  a  guide  ;  but 
the  two  other  passes  are  more  attrac- 
tive to  mountaineers,  and  are  the 
most  direct  routes  to  Champery, 
offering  as  well,  for  a  considerable 
part  of  the  journey,  very  fine  views  of 
the  Tanneverge  precipices.  The  Col 
de  Sagerou  was  formerly  considered 
difficult  and  dangerous,  but  it  is, 
under  ordinary  conditions,  quite  with- 
in the  reach  of  any  one  used  to  moun- 
tain excursions. 

1.  By  the  Cols  de  la  G-olese  and 
de  Coux  (5f-6  hrs.)— This  route  lies 
through  very  pleasing  forest  scenery, 
near  the  N.W.  limit  of  the  Cretaceous 
and  Tertiary  rocks  of  the  ranges  N. 
of  Sixt,  which  abut  unconformably 
on  the  Liassic  and  Triassic  strata 
forming  the  head  of  the  valley  of  the 
Dranse. 


I      From  Samoens,  4  m.  below  Sixt 
I   by  carriage  road  (Rte.  A),  a  char  road 
!  mounts  along  the  r.  bank  of  the  cold 
and  crystal  Clevieux  in  a  N.  direction 
I  to   the   hamlet   of  Les  Allamands 
(where   the   Col   de    Bostan  route 
branches  off   to   the    N.E.)  The 
mule  path  strikes  up  the  hill-side  at 
I  first  N.W.  through  beech  woods  and 
I  hay  meadows,  then   bends  slightly 
!   N.  E.  and  passes  over  pastures  to  some 
j  huts  where  refreshments  can  be  ob- 
j   tained.    Just  beyond  these  is  the  Col 
I  de  la  Golese,    1,671  m. ,  5,482  ft. 
!   (2^  hrs.  from  Samoens.)    The  new 
!   path  runs  fairly  level  across  the  head 
of  the  Dranse  de  Morzine  glen  (2  hrs. 
j  from  Morzine,  Rtes.  M.  and  N.  3), 
keeping  a  N.  E.  direction,  and  passing 
between  the  timber  below,  and  the 
cliffs  above,  to  the  Col  deCoux,  1,924 
m.,  6,313  ft.  (1 J  hr.)  This  pass  is  on 
the   frontier   between    France  and 
Switzerland,  and  there  is  a  small  inn 
just  on  the  Swiss  side.    The  descent 
lies  N.E.   by  steep  zigzags  to  the 
pasture  hollow  of  Les  Creuses,  the 
path  always  keeping  on  the  1.  bank 
j   of  the    Vieze  torrent.     A  wooden 
i   bridge  (just  above  which  there  is  a 
j   sulphureous  spring)  leads  over  the  side 
stream  of  Seumon,  beyond  which  the 
j   main  path  traverses  the  hamlet  of  Au- 
!   tervenaz,  and  descends  N.E.  to  the 
j   large  village  of  Champery  (Rte.  H), 
!    1J-2  hrs.  from  the  Col  de  Coux.  From 
that  pass  there  is  a  longer,  but  prettier, 
j   way  slightly  S.E.  past  the  Barmaz 
j  huts. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  Sagerou  (8J-9 
hrs.) — From  Sixt  it  is  necessary  to 
j  follow  the  road  towards  the  Fer  a 
Cheval,  and  then  beyond  to  ascend 
;   to  the  very  head  of  the  Fond  de  la 
!   Combe,  a  deep  narrow  trench,  over- 
1  hung  by  tiers  of  precipices  on  each 
!  side.    At  its  extremity  the  cow  path 
!   doubles  back  above  the  lower  cliffs 
I   on  the  W.  side  to  the  Boret  huts,  but 
I  there  is  a  shorter  foot  path  on  the  1., 
which  mounts   on  the  r.   bank  of 
;   the  torrent  by  a  track  cut  in  the  rock 
\   wall,  the  Pas  de  Boret,  direct  to  the 
1  same  huts,  reached  thus  in  2 \-2\  hrs. 


4i2  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.  SIXT 


AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


from  Sixt.  The  path  to  the  Col  tra- 
verses a  succession  of  beautiful  pas- 
tures to  a  second  mountain  shelf, 
marked  by  a  huge  fragment  of  rock, 
called  the  Pierre  a  Da?'d  (J  hr.) 

[From  this  point  there  is  a  very 
beautiful  route,  especially  recom- 
mended for  the  descent  to  Sixt,  which 
leads  by  a  hay  path  traversing  a  fine 
ravine,  then  rounding  the  flank  of  the 
Pointe  de  Sambet,  nearly  at  a  level 
at  first,  then  descending  steeply,  to 
Nantbride,  3  m.  from  Sixt  on  the  Fer 
a  Cheval  road.  Very  fine  views  of 
the  Tanneverge  precipices  and  of  the 
Mont  Ruan  precipices  are  gained  on 
the  way.  J 

Here  the  track  turns  to  the  r.  over 
a  rocky  spur  to  gain  the  Vogealle 
huts  (50  min.  from  those  of  Boret), 
1 , 864  m. ,  6, 1 1 6  ft.  These  are  situated 
in  an  exquisite  little  amphitheatre  of 
green,  set  in  a  framework  of  the  most 
rugged  rocks,  which  overhang  them 
on  the  W.  6  The  way  to  the  Col  now 
passes  over  a  succession  of  hillocks 
and  ravines  of  slaty  debris,  but  the 
track  is  very  ill  defined,  though  in  clear 
weather  there  is  no  difficulty  in  main- 
taining the  direction.'  The  path 
mounts  N.  E.  to  a  shoulder,  then  runs 
N.E.,  keeping  well  above  the  cliffs 
on  the  r.,  to  the  pass,  2,413  m. , 
7,917  ft.  (i-ifhr.) 

[Travellers  coming  from  Champery 
are  warned  not  to  attempt  the  descent 
of  these  cliffs  to  the  head  of  the  Fond 
de  la  Combe,  as  this  involves  great 
loss  of  time.  Coming  in  the  reverse 
direction,  §  hr.  may  be  saved  by  this 
way,  which  is  rough  and  pathless 
after  it  quits  the  cow  path  300  ft. 
above  the  glen,  but  on  the  ascent  not 
difficult.  J 

1  Looking  back,  the  Buet  and  Mont 
Blanc  successively  appear  above  the 
intervening  ridges '  before  the  Col  is 
reached.  From  the  pass  '  the  view 
in  all  directions,  save  the  immediate 
foreground,  is  striking  and  beautiful. 
The  valleys  of  Sixt  and  Illiez  are  seen 
far  below  on  either  hand,  and  around 
them  rise  the  noble  summits  of  Mont 
Blanc,  the  Buet,  the  Pointe  de  Tan- 


neverge, the  Dent  du  Midi,  and  the 
mountains  on  the  other  side  of  the 
Rhone'  (F.  F.  T.) 

[From  the  Col  the  summit  of  the 
Mont  Ruan  (3,078  m. ,  10,099  ftp) 
may  be  reached  in  4^  brs. ,  and  that 
of  the  Pointe  de  Tanneverge  (2,982  m. , 
9.784  ft.)  in  6  hrs.,  in  both  cases  by 
way  of  the  Mont  Ruan  glaciers.  See 
Rte.  C.  3.  b.  and  r.J 

The  rocks  on  the  N.  side  of  the 
pass  are  precipitous.  It  is  necessary 
to  keep  at  first  to  the  L  for  about 
400  yards  across  a  steep  slope  either 
of  loose  debris  or  snow  (where  steps 
may  have  to  be  cut)  above  a  band  of 
cliffs.  A  short,  steep  gully,  in  which 
there  was  formerly  a  wire  rope,  leads 
down  through  these.  There  is  no 
difficulty  to  a  mountaineer  in  the 
gully,  but  when  fresh  snow  lies  on 
ice  (very  exceptional)  the  slope  above 
may  be  dangerous.  30  min.  suffice 
for  the  descent  from  the  pass  to  the 
head  of  the  Atitans  cirque,  the  highest 
bit  of  the  great  upland  trough  of 
Susanfe,  described  in  Rte.  H.  There 
is  no  path,  but  the  course  of  the 
stream  (which  makes  deep  pools  in 
the  soft  rock)  is  followed  in  an  E. 
direction  till,  before  reaching  the 
shepherds'  huts,  the  traveller  bears 
N.  to  join  the  track  from  the  Col  de 
Susanfe  and  Dent  du  Midi  (Rte.  H) 
at  the  top  of  the  Pas  d'Encel  ( 1 , 86 1  m . , 
6,106  ft.)  This  is  henceforth  fol- 
lowed past  the  Bonaveau  huts  (r§— 2 
hrs.  from  the  pass)  to  Champery 
(ijhr.  further).  The  rock  and  wood- 
land landscapes  on  the  Sixt  sides  are 
magnificent,  and  there  are  few  excur- 
sions of  moderate  difficulty  more  to 
be  recommended  (local  guide  desir- 
able). 

3.  By  the  Golette  de  l'Oulaz  (9  hrs. ) 

— This  route  is  best  taken  f?-om  Cham- 
pery, as  the  steep  bit  on  the  Sixt  side 
can  be  descended  quickly,  while  the 
way  on  the  other  side  requires  care 
for  long,  and  the  Pas  de  la  Bedaz  is 
hard  to  find  on  the  Champery  side. 
From  Sixt  the  route  of  the  Col  de 
I  Sagerou  is  followed  to  the  Vogealle 
huts  (3J  hrs. )    Here  a  path  turns  off 


ROUTE  H.    MONTHEY  TO  CHAMPERY 


413 


to  the  N.W.,  and  leads  nearly  level 
to  the  Vogealle  lake  ( 1 ,994m. ,  6, 542  ft. ) 
Due  N.  of  and  overlooking  this  lake 
is  the  Golettede  l'Oulaz  (c.  2,500  m., 
8,202  ft.),  a  gully  leading  up  to  a 
sharp,  narrow  notch  in  the  ridge  of 
the  Dents  Blanches,  and  just  E.  of 
the  Signal  de  Foilly  (2,700  m.  on  the 
Swiss  map).  From  the  lake  the  notch 
is  reached  in  1 J  hr.  by  a  long,  steep 
slope  of  debris,  with  some  snow  at 
the  head  of  the  gully.  The  descent 
on  the  N.  lies  for  900  ft.  down  a 
small  glacier  to  a  grassy  shelf,  above 
cliffs,  which  runs  W.  over  the  Col  de 
Bostan  (7  hrs.  from  Sixt  to  Cham- 
pery) to  Samoens  past  Les  Alla- 
mands.  To  go  to  Champery  it  is 
necessary  to  traverse  to  the  L ,  ascend- 
ing slightly,  so  as  to  hit  the  top  of 
the  passage,  which  hugs  the  steep 
and  rocky  N.  face  of  the  Tete  de 
Bostan  (2,408  m.,  7,901  ft.),  and 
then  descends  the  cliffs  by  narrow 
grass  ledges,  which  are  easy,  if  found, 
but  are  found  only  by  creeping  under 
an  upright  rock  slab  which  blocks 
one  of  them  near  the  top.  This  is 
the  Pas  de  la  Bedaz.  In  this  way 
the  upper  slopes  of  the  pasture  basin 
of  Barmaz  are  gained  near  the  frontier 
ridge,  and  the  path  followed  to  the 
huts  of  that  name.  Hence  the  track 
descends  N.E.  through  a  ravine,  and 
joins  the  path  from  Bonaveau  and  the 
Pas  d'Encel  at  the  hamlet  of  Les  Clous, 
not  very  far  from  Champery,  which  is 
reached  in  3-4  hrs.  from  the  notch 
above  the  Golette.  If  taken  from 
Champery  to  Sixt,  this  pass  is  shorter 
than  the  Sagerou. 


Route  H. 

MONTHEY  TO  CHAMPERY.  ASCENT 
OF  THE  DENT  DU  MIDI. 

To  a  mountaineer  Champery  is 
not  nearly  as  attractive  as  Sixt  or 
Salvan,  but  it  is  very  easy  of  access, 


and  has  good  inns,  so  that  it  is  largely 
(during  the  summer)  frequented  by 
English  and  Swiss  pensionnaires.  It 
lies  at  the  head  of  the  Val  cPIlliez,  2. 
glen  which  is  somewhat  narrower  and 
shut  in,  so  far  as  regards  its  upper 
portion,  but  widens  out  as  it  joins  the 
Rhone  valley  at  Monthey.  The  two 
sides  of  this  valley  offer  a  great  con- 
trast. On  the  S.  E.  it  is  bounded  by 
the  fine  precipices  of  the  Dent  du 
Midi,  which  tower  over  forests  and 
pastures,  the  village  of  Champery 
lying  at  the  head  of  the  valley,  but 
no  less  than  2,208  m.  (7,244  ft.) 
below  the  highest  peak.  On  the 
N.W.  the  slopes  are  much  less  steep, 
for  the  watershed  is  formed  by  hills 
which  do  not  rise  to  a  greater  height 
than  about  2,200  m.  (7,218  ft.)  The 
valley  follows  the  strike  of  the  great 
fault  which,  for  100  miles,  has  thrown 
up  this  limestone  range,  and  caused 
remarkable  foldings  of  strata,  so  that 
the  summit  of  the  Dent  du  Midi  is 
Jurassic,  overlying  the  newer  strata  of 
the  cliffs  below.  In  mediaeval  docu- 
ments this  valley  is  named  1  vallis 
Illiaca  inferior, '  to  distinguish  it  from 
the  Lotschenthal,  in  the  Upper  Vallais, 
which  is  said  to  be  called  '  vallis 
Illiaca  superior, '  though  the  etymology 
seems  open  to  question. 

Champery  is  most  easily  reached 
by  a  good  carriage  road  (8  miles, 
traversed  by  a  diligence  in  3 \  hrs.) 
from  Monthey  (Rte.  K),  a  station  on 
the  Bouveret  railway,  4^  miles  from 
St.  Maurice  and  connected  by  a  high 
road  with  the  Ollon  St.  Triphon 
station  (3  miles  distant),  on  the 
Lausanne  line.  The  road  to  Cham- 
pery runs  always  along  the  1.  bank 
of  the  Vieze  torrent,  which  waters  the 
Val  dTlliez.  On  leaving  Monthey  it 
mounts  by  some  zigzags  among  vine- 
yards, leaves  to  the  r.  the  road  to 
the  famous  erratic  boulders  (Rte.  K), 
and  ascends  through  forests  and 
across  several  torrents  to  (3 \  miles) 
the  village  of  Trots  Torrents  (763  m., 
2,503  ft.),  which  stands  on  a  pro- 
montory above  the  junction  of  three 
branches  of  the  Vieze,  whence  its 


4i4  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.  SIXT 


AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


name.  (For  the  road  to  Morgins  see 
Rte.  N.  1.)  The  church  here  was 
originally  the  parish  church  of  the 
Val  d'Hliez,  though  the  existing 
building  dates  only  from  1702.  (Pe- 
destrians may  follow  from  Monthey 
the  old  mule  path  by  the  telegraph 
posts,  joining  the  high  road  a  little 
before  Trois  Torrents,  and  saving 
much  time  by  this  short  cut. )  The 
road  rises  but  slightly  to  the  next 
village  (2  miles),  Val  cPIlliez  (952 
m.,  3,123  ft.),  formerly,  from  1331 
onwards,  the  home  of  a  colony  from 
the  house  of  Austin  Canons  at  Abon- 
dance.  This  village  was  formerly  the 
home  of  the  priest,  M.  Clement,  who 
in  1784  made  the  first  ascent  of  the 
highest  point  of  the  Dent  du  Midi. 
On  the  way  the  aspect  of  the  Dent  du 
Midi  gradually  changes.  The  Cime 
FEst,  which  from  the  Rhone  valley 
seems  to  dominate  all  the  other  peaks 
of  the  mountain,  is  seen  to  be  but  the 
end  of  a  long  ridge,  the  various  points 
on  which  are  better  and  better  seen, 
till  at  length  the  highest  and  south- 
ernmost, the  Haute  Cime  (3,260  m. , 
10,696  ft.),  asserts  its  supremacy. 
The  road  descends  slightly  to  cross  a 
torrent,  then  mounts  again,  but  it  is 
only  after  turning  a  corner  that  {2\ 
miles)  the  hamlet  of  Champery  (1,052 
m.,  3,452  ft.)  bursts  on  the  traveller's 
eyes.  It  is  rather  shut  in,  but  is 
extremely  healthy,  and  is  composed 
of  wooden  houses  picturesquely  dis- 
posed amid  the  greenest  of  Alpine 
meadows.  It  was  ecclesiastically 
dependent  on  Val  d'Hliez,  till  in  1857 
it  was  made  into  a  separate  parish. 

There  are  many  pleasant  short 
walks  and  excursions  to  be  made 
in  the  neighbourhood,  for  detailed 
descriptions  of  which  reference  may  be 
made  to  M.  de  Claparede's  excellent 
local  Guidebook,  mentioned  in  the 
Introduction  to  this  Section.  Three 
are  particularly  recommended.  One 
is  to  go  by  Crosey  to  the  low  pass  of 
the  Porte  du  So  lei  I,  1 ,964  m. ,  6,444  ft. 
(3  hrs. )  Hence  it  is  easy  to  reach 
Morgins  in  2  hrs. ,  but  if  taken  simply 
as  an  excursion  from  Champery  and 


back  it  is  worth  while  to  mount  to 
the  N.E.  in  ^  hr.  more  to  the  top  of 
the  Pointe  de  P Haut  (2,155  m.,  7,071 
ft. ),  whence  the  already  grand  view  of 
the  precipices  of  the  Dent  du  Midi  is 
seen  to  better  advantage.  Another 
charming  round  is  to  mount  S.  from 
Crosey  to  the  Croix  de  Culet,  or 
Roc  d'Ayerne,  1,966  m. ,  6,450  ft. 
(3  hrs.),  descending  S.  to  Autervenaz, 
on  the  Col  de  Coux  route,  and  so 
home  (2  hrs.)  Yet  another  is  to 
follow  the  Golette  de  l'Oulaz  route  to 
the  beautiful  pasture  basin  of  Barmaz 
(2 J  hrs.),  then  to  go  nearly  due  E. 
over  a  low  pass,  across  a  N.  spur  of 
the  Dent  de  Bonaveau  (a  knoll  to 
the  N.  is  worth  visiting  for  the  sake 
of  the  view)  to  the  Bonaveau  chalets 
{\\  hr. ),  whence  Champery  may  be 
regained  in  1  hr. 

The  passes  leading  from  Champery 
in  different  directions  are  described  in 
other  Rtes. ,  those  to  Salvan  and  the 
Barberine  inn  in  Rte.  I,  those  to  Sixt 
and  Samoens  in  Rte.  G,  and  those  to 
the  Chablais  in  Rte.  N. 

Of  the  peaks  around  the  village  the 
Dent  de  Bonaveau  (2,505  m.,  8,219 
ft. )  is  the  easiest,  being  accessible  in 
5  hrs.  by  way  of  the  Pas  d'Encel 
and  the  slopes  to  its  W.,  but  this 
excursion  can  only  be  recommended 
to  those  who  do  not  care  to  face  the 
fatigue  of  making  the  longer,  but 
easy,  ascent  of  the  higher,  and  in 
every  way  preferable,  Dent  du  Midi. 
The  Tours  Sallieres  (3,227  m.,  10,588 
ft.)  may  be  gained  in  about  7  hrs. 
from  Champery  by  way  of  Bonaveau, 
the  N.  Mont  Ruan  glacier,  and  long 
neve  slopes  above  (which  often 
require  much  tedious  step-cutting), 
leading  to  the  final  rocks,  but  is  more 
easily  reached  either  from  Salanfe 
(Rte.  I.  1)  or  from  the  head  of  the 
Barberine  glen  (Rte.  F.  1).  The 
Mont  Ruan  (3,078  m.,  10,099  ft.)  is 
best  gained  by  way  of  the  Col  de 
Sagerou  (Rte.  G),  or  of  the  Barberine 
Club  hut  (Rte.  F.  1),  but  more 
directly  from  Champery  by  the  N. 
Mont  Ruan  glacier  and  steep  rocks 
(8  hrs.),  or  by  a  steep  rock  face,  near 


ROUTE  H.    ASCENT  OF 

the  Col  de  la  Tour  Sallieres  (Rte.  L  2), 
between  the  peak  of  that  name  and  the 
M.  Ruan.  But  the  Champery  peak  is 
the  Dent  du  Midi,  rendered  famous  by 
the  classical  descriptions  of  Rambert 
and  Javelle.  The  Dent  du  Midi  (or 
more  properly  speaking  the  Dents 
du  Midi)  is  a  long  ridge,  running  S.  W. 
and  N.E. ,  which  forms  a  prominent 
feature  in  all  views  from  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  the  E.  end  of  the  Lake  of 
Geneva,  and  is  crowned  by  a  series  of 
pinnacles,  no  less  than  9  of  which 
have  been  deemed  worthy  of  receiving 
separate  names.  Reckoning  from 
S.W.  to  N.E.  the  order  of  these  is  as  \ 
follows  :  Haute  Ciaie,  or  Cime  de  ! 
TOuest,  3,260  m.,  10,696  ft.  (the 
culminating  point  of  the  chain,  and  . 
that  usually  ascended) ;  then  the 
double-headed  peak  of  the  Doigt, 
3,212  m.,  10,539  ft.  (distinguished  as 
the  Dent  Noire  de  Champery  and  the 
De?itde  Salanfe) ;  next  the  Dent  Jaune 
(3,187  m.,  10,457  ft.),  with  its  mate 
the  Eperon  (formerly  called  the  Dent 
Ruinee),  3,116  m.,  10,224  ft.,  fol- 
lowed  by  the  Cathedrale  (3,166  m., 
10,388  ft.),  the  Aiguille  Delez  (a 
mere  rocky  tooth),  and  the  Forteresse 
(3,164  m.,  10,381  ft.),  the  outer- 
mpst  peak  being  the  Cime  de  PEst 
(3,18b  m.,  10,434  ft.),  which  makes  j 
such  a  brave  show  from  the  Rhone  j 
valley.  Three  only  of  these  points 
have  hitherto  been  gained  direct 
from  Champery,  the  Haute  Cime 
and  the  Dent  Jaune  both  by  diffi- 
cult routes  up  the  rocks  of  their 
N.W.  slope  (though  there  is  no  j 
great  difficulty,  under  ordinary  cir-  I 
cumstances,  in  mounting  from  the  ! 
Anthemoz  huts — where  there  is  now 
a  small  chalet  inn,  like  that  at  Bona- 
veau — to  the  point  where  the  final 
peak  of  the  Cime  rises  from  its 
level  S.W.  shoulder,  3,001  m.  on  the 
Swiss  map),  and  the  Cime  de  l'Est  by 
a  very  dangerous  glacier,  and  a 
serac-raked  snow  gully  on  its  N.W. 
flank.  (It  is  also  accessible  by  the 
very  hard  N.  E.  ridge. )  All  the  other 
pinnacles  have  been  gained  only  from 
the  Salanfe  pasture  basin,  on  the  S.E., 


THE  DENT  DU  MIDI  415 

and  are  therefore  described  in  the 
next  Route.  M.  Clement,  the  cure  of 
Val  dTlliez,  as  before  stated,  made 
the  first  ascent  of  the  Haute  Cime  in 
1784,  and  in  1842  the  Cime  de  l'Est 
was  conquered  by  five  men  and  a 
woman,  all  from  the  Vallais,  but  the 
rest  of  the  peaks  have  only  been 
scaled  since  1879,  the  Eperon' indeed 
not  having  been  attained,  it  is  said, 
till  1892.  As  a  curiosity  it  may  be 
noted  that  in  1893  Mr.  J.  P.  Farrar, 
with  Daniel  Maquignaz  and  P.  L. 
Delez,  climbed  all  the  nine  summits  in 
one  day  from  Salanfe. 

It  is  usual,  when  attempting  the 
Haute  Cime  from  Champery,  to  sleep 
at  the  Bonaveau  chalets  (ij  hr. ), 
where  there  is  a  small  chalet  inn. 
These  are  reached  by  going  S.W.  to 
the  hamlet  of  Les  Clous,  then  taking 
the  1.  -hand  mule  path,  which  mounts 
by  zigzags  through  pine  woods  to  the 
Bonaveau  huts  (1,556  m. ,  5,105  ft.) 
Thence  the  traveller  follows  the  path 
towards  the  Col  de  Susanfe,  bearing 
S.E.  to  the  foot  of  a  line  of  precipices 
extending  from  the  Dent  de  Bonaveau 
to  the  Dent  du  Midi.  These  are 
scaled  by  means  of  a  short  ledge 
(with  iron  stanchions,  needed  only  by 
novices)  which  runs  across  smooth, 
water-polished  limestone  rocks  below 
a  waterfall  to  the  top  of  the  wall.  It 
is  called  the  Pas  d'Encel,  or  Pas 
cCEnfer,  and  leads  to  an  elevated 
trough  or  valley  3J  miles  broad  and 
4 1  long,  extending  on  the  S.  from 
the  precipices  just  surmounted  to  the 
glaciers  on  the  N.  slopes  of  the  Tour 
Sallieres,  and  the  Mont  Ruan.  Here 
grows  the  rare  Eryngium  alpinum. 
From  the  W.  the  stream  from  the  Col 
de  Sagerou  flows  down,  while  to  the 
E.  is  the  Col  de  Susanfe,  4f  hrs. 
from  Champery,  the  next  step  in  the 
ascent.  This  is  gained  (3  hrs.  from 
Bonaveau)  by  a  track  which  does  not 
descend  into  the  Susanfe  hollow,  but 
hugs  the  foot  of  the  cliff  on  its  S. 
side. 

[The  Col  (2,500  m.,  8,202  ft.) 
leads  over  into  the  Salanfe  basin, 
whence  it  is  reached  in  2  hrs. ,  so  that 


4i6  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.  SIXT  AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


the  ascent  of  the  peak  takes  1  hr. 
less  time  from  Salanfe  than  from 
Bonaveau.J 

From  the  Col  de  Susanfe  the  sum- 
mit of  the  Haute  Cime  is  gained  (small 
track  for  part  of  the  way)  in  2J  hrs. 
(5§  hrs.  from  Bonaveau),  by  following 
the  S.  arete  to  a  point  on  it.  over- 
looking the  Pla?i  Neve  glacier  on  the 
E. ,  which  is  called  the  Col  des  Paress- 
eux  (3,061  m.,  10,043  ft-)?  as  the 
appearance  of  the  final  peak  hence 
sometimes  discourages  novices  from 
attempting  to  reach  it.  Hence  the 
traveller  crosses  the  loose  stone  slopes 
on  the  S.  face  to  gain  the  S.W. 
arete,  by  which  the  summit  is  finally 
attained. 

[It  is  much  shorter,  and  not  hard, 
unless  there  is  much  snow  or  ice, 
either  to  follow  the  S.W.  arete  all  the 
way  from  the  point  above  the  Pas 
d'Encel,  or  to  gain  the  lowest  point 
in  the  S.W.  arete  by  means  of  a 
grassy  slope,  or  else  the  point  3,001 
m.  of  the  Swiss  map,  where  the  final 
peak  rises  from  its  level  S.W.  shoulder, 
or  to  mount  straight  up  from  the 
Susanfe  hollow  by  the  S.  face  of  the 
peak.  J 

The  view  is  one  of  the  finest  in 
this  part  of  the  Alps — indeed,  second 
only  to  that  from  the  Buet,  and  has 
the  advantage  of  overlooking  a  great 
part  of  the  Rhone  valley  (this  is  seen 
more  immediately  at  the  spectator's 
feet  from  the  Cime  de  l'Est),  and  the 
E.  end  of  the  Lake  of  Geneva,  along 
with  the  noble  panorama  of  the  Pen- 
nine and  Bernese  Alps.  It  must  be 
borne  in  mind  that  when  the  rocks  on 
the  S.  face  are  iced  or  covered  with 
fresh  snow  they  offer  considerable 
dangers  to  inexperienced  moun- 
taineers, and  all  climbers  are  warned 
not  to  attempt  a  descent  from  the  Col 
des  Paresseux  too  directly  to  the 
Salanfe  basin,  as  the  rocks  on  that 
side  are  steep,  and  if  covered  with 
fresh  snow  dangerous,  so  that  it  is 
best  to  gain  Salanfe  by  way  of  the 
Col  de  Susanfe.  An  experienced 
climber  may  glissade  by  sleep  slopes 
of  moving   stones    from  the  point 


marked  3,001  m.  on  the  S.W.  arete, 

to  the  Susanfe  basin. 

The  inn  at  the  Salanfe  huts  may  be 
gained  in  2  hrs.  from  the  Haute  Cime, 
and  Salvan  in  2  hrs.  more  by  the 
route  of  the  Col  de  Susanfe  (Rte.  I.  1). 
From  Salanfe  the  Rhone  valley  may 
be  reached  at  Evionnaz  in  hrs.  by 
way  of  the  Col  du  Jorat  (see  next 
Route). 


Route  L 

CHAMPERY  TO  MARTIGNY  OR 
CHAMONIX. 

As  stated  at  the  beginning  of  Rte. 
F,  there  are  three  glens  which  de- 
scend from  the  E.  slope  of  the  Tour 
Sallieres-Dent  du  Midi  range  to 
various  points  on  the  high  road 
between  Martigny  (or  Vernayaz)  and 
Chamonix.  One  of  these,  that  of 
Emaney,  does  not  run  quite  up  to 
the  watershed,  but  routes  lead  from 
Champery  through  the  two  others, 
which  are  connected  by  cross  routes 
with  the  Emaney  glen. 

1.  By  the  Col  de  Susanfe  (2,500 
m.,  8,202  ft.)  This  pass  lies  over 
the  lowest  depression  in  the  ridge 
between  the  Tour  Sallieres  and  the 
Dent  du  Midi,  and  thus  offers  the 
only  easy  way  from  the  head  of  the 
Val  d'llliez  to  the  Trient  glen.  One 
great  advantage  of  this  pass  is  that 
it  is  easy  to  take  the  Dent  du  Midi 
on  the  way  from  Champery  to  Salvan 
or  Martigny.  The  ascent  from  Cham- 
pery (4 J  hrs.)  has  been  described  in 
the  last  Route  in  connection  with  the 
usual  way  up  the  Haute  Cime  of  the 
Dent  du  Midi.  The  descent  on  the 
E.  side  is  steeper  than  the  ascent 
on  the  W.  side,  but  a  well-marked 
path  leads  E.  down  shale  banks 
under  the  great  face  of  the  Tour 
Sallieres  direct  to  the  large  flat  pasture 
basin  of  Salanfe  (}  hr. ),  in  which 


1ROUTE  I.    CHAMPERY  TO  MARTIGNY  OR  CHAMONIX  417 


nestle  many  huts.  At  the  Barmaz 
huts  (1,896  m.,  6,221  ft.)  there  are 
little  Alpine  inns,  convenient  starting 
points  for  many  ascents  and  excur- 
sions. 

[Hence  any  of  the  summits  of  the 
Dent  du  Midi  may  be  reached  in 
4-5  hrs.  The  way  up  the  Haute 
Cime  has  been  described  in  Rte.  H. 
For  any  of  the  others  the  traveller 
must  mount  N.W.  to  the  Plan  Neve 
glacier,  and  then  climb  the  pinnacle 
selected  by  means  of  ice  and  rock 
gullies,  and  rotten  rocks.  In  every 
case  the  rocks  are  rotten,  and  there 
is  no  little  danger  from  falling  stones. 
The  Ctme  de  PEst  is  reckoned  the 
easiest  summit,  after  the  Haute  Cime, 
and  certainly  commands  the  finest 
view,  especially  down  into  the  Rhone 
valley.  The  Dent  Jamie  (3,187  m. , 
10,457  ft.)  is  considered  the  most 
difficult  of  the  9  summits. 

From  Salanfe  the  Tour  Sallieres 
(3,227  m. ,  10,588  ft.)  may  also  be 
ascended,  either  direct  by  a  couloir  to 
a  glacier,  then  up  by  the  gullies  and 
rocks  (good  handholds)  of  the  great 
N.E.  slope,  known  as  the  Grand 
Revers  (7  hrs.),  or  by  mounting  to  the 
Col  d'Emaney  {\\  hr. ),  and  thence 
following  the  S.E.  arete  to  the  summit 
(3  hrs.)  An  easier  ascent  from  the 
Col  d'Emaney  is  that  of  the  Lutein, 
2,786  m.,  9,141  ft.  (|  hr. ),  whence 
there  is  a  magnificent  view.] 

If  bound  for  St.  Maurice,  the  most 
direct  way  from  Salanfe  is  to  mount 
E.  by  a  good  mule  path  in  a  good  half- 
hour  to  the  Col  du  Jorat  (2,223  m-> 
7,294  ft.),  from  which  an  ascent  east- 
wards up  the  ridge  (save  at  one  point) 
•of  ifhr.  suffices  to  bring  the  traveller 
to  the  summit  of  the  Dent  du  Salantin 
(2,485  m.,  8,153  ft*)>  which  is  said  to 
command  a  very  fine  and  curious 
view.  From  the  Col  (whence  the  flat 
floor  of  the  Rhone  valley  is  seen, 
1,800  m.,  5,906  ft.,  below)  the  mule 
path  goes  down  at  first  in  a  N.W. 
direction  to  the  Upper  Jorat  huts,  and 
later  at  the  Lower  Jorat  huts  bends  to 
the  N.E.  above  the  r.  bank  of  the 
St.  Barthelemy  torrent,  in  part  through 
I. 


!  beech  woods,  to  Evionnaz  (3  hrs.),  a 
station  on  the  Rhone  valley  railway 
(§21.  Rte.  A),  4  m.  above  St.  Maurice 
and  5J  m.  below  Martigny. 

If  bound  from  Salanfe  for  Salvan  or 
Martigny,  the  traveller  does  better  to 
;   take  the  path  along  the  r.  side  of  the 
Salanfe  or  Sallanche  stream  (which 
[   forms  below  the  famous  Pissevache 
;   waterfall),  crossing  to  the  Upper  Van 
!   huts,  on  the  1.  bank,  and  then  recross- 
i   ing,  in  order,  after  passing  above  the 
Lower  Van  huts,  to  quit  the  Sallanche 
gorge  and  to  round  by  the  little  Col  de 
la  MatzeXhe  mountain  buttress,  beyond 
which  is  Salva7i  (2  hrs.),  which  is 
J  hr.  walking  by  carriage  road  from 
Yernayaz,  in  the  Rhone  valley,  3  m. 
by  rail  from  Martigny  (§  21.  Rte. 
A). 

2.  By  the  Col  de  la  Tour  Sallieres. 

— This  pass  (2,875  m->  9>433  ft*)  ^es 
between  the  Tour  Sallieres  and  the 
Mont  Ruan,  and  seems  to  have 
been  first  crossed,  in  1863,  by  Mr. 
Coutts  Trotter,  with  Peter  Bohren. 

i  From  Champery  the  route  of  the 
Col  de  Susanfe  is  followed  to  the 
Susanfe  hollow  (3  hrs.)  on  the 
W.  side  of  that  pass  (Rte.  H). 
Thence  bear  S.E. ,  and  by  stones,  the 
N.  Mont  Ruan  gl. ,  and  a  steep  slope 
of  neve  at  the  end  mount  to  the  pass 
(2J  hrs. )  From  a  point  a  little  on 
the  S.  side  of  the  Col  it  is  easy  to 
ascend  either  the  Tour  Sallieres  or 
the  Mont  Ruan  (Rte.  F).  The 
descent  lies  down  rocks,  and  then 
along  the  E.  side  of  the  crevassed 
Fonds  gl. .  to  the  Barberine  glen,  down 
which  the  traveller  goes,  past  the 
Barberi?ie  and  E?nosson  huts  {Rte. 
F),  to  the  Barberine  inn  (4  hrs.),  I J 

;  hr.  from  Argentiere  (§16.  Rte.  H.  2). 

3.  By  the  Cols  de  Susanfe,  d'Ema- 

I  ney,  and  de  Barberine. — A  traveller 
I  who,  after  having  ascended  the 
Dent  du  Midi  from  Bonaveau,  and 
slept  at  the  Salanfe  inn,  wishes  to 
see  some  fine  wild  scenery  may  next 
day  by  two  easy  passes  (involving, 
however,  several  considerable  ascents 
and  descents)  gain  the  Barberine 
glen,  and  thence  go  down   to  the 

E  E 


4:8      PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.   SIXT  AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


Barberine  inn,  or  else  cross  over  to 
Sixt  (Rte.  F). 

From  Salanfe  a  path  leads  S.  in 
i§  hr.  up  to  the  Col  d'Emaney  (2,427 
m.,  7,963  ft.),  whence  the  tip  of  the 
Matterhorn  is  seen.    (From  this  pass 
either  the  Tour  Sallieres  or  the  Luisin 
may  be  ascended.    See  1.  above. )   A  ! 
zigzag  path  leads  down  in  J  hr.  to  a 
point  near  the  Emaney  huts  (1,861 
m. ,  6,106  ft.),  which  may  themselves 
be  avoided.    (From  these  huts  a  path 
goes  down  the  1.  bank  of  the  Triege, 
which  is  crossed  to  the  Tenda  huts, 
and  later  recrossed  in  order  to  pass  by 
Cernieux,  and  so  gain  Salvan  in  1  \  hr. 
from  Emaney.)    From  the  Emaney 
huts  the  path  mounts  first  W. ,  then 
S.W.,  to  the  Col  de  Barberine,  2,480 
m.,  8,137  ft.  (if  hr. ),  whence  there 
is  a  fine  view  of  Mont  Blanc  and  the 
Bernese  Oberland.    The   track  de- 
scends on  the  other  side  by  the  1. 
bank  of  a  steep  glen  to  the  valley  of 
the  Eau  Noire  at  the  Barberine  huts, 
1,836  m. ,  6,024  ft.  (a  good  hour  from 
the  pass.)    Near  them,  at  a  height  of 
1,900  m.  (6,234  ft.),  there  has  now 
(1898)  been  built  a  stone  Club  hut, 
which  is  very  conveniently  situated  for  1 
the  ascents  of  the  Tour  Sallieres,  Mont 
Ruan,  &c.   Here  the  route  of  the  Col 
de  Tanneverge  (Rte.  F)  from  Sixt  is 
joined,  and  followed  past  the  Emosson 
huts,  and  high  above  the  r.  bank  of 
the  torrent,  to    the   Barberine  inn 
[2\   hrs. ),    which   is    \\   hr.  from 
Argentiere.    About  7  hrs.   are  thus 
required  from  Salanfe  to  the  Barberine 
inn,  so  that  Chamonix  may  be  gained 
the  same  day,  though  if  a  peak  has  been 
climbed  on  the  way  the  night  must 
probably  be  spent  at  the  Barberine 
inn.  By  crossing  the  Col  de  Susanfe  as 
well  as  the  two  other  passes  described 
active     walkers    have    gone  from 
Champery  to  the  Barberine  inn  in  one 
day  of  about  12  hours'  walking. 


Route  K. 

GENEVA  TO  ST.   MAURICE  BY 
THONON. 

M. 

Annemasse  3! 
Bons-St.  Didier  .  .  .  12^ 
Thonon  ....  22^ 
Evian  .  .  .  .  .28 
St.  Gingolph  .  .  .  384 
Bouveret  ....  42^ 
Vouvry.  .  .  .  .46 
Monthey  ....  52^ 
St.  Maurice  ....  56^ 

Railway,  56^  miles,  traversed  in  2I-3 
hrs.,  besides  1  hr.'s  halt  at  Bouveret. 

The  old  road  between  Geneva  and 
St.  Maurice  formed  part  of  Napoleoms 
road  over  the  Simplon.  It  ran  N.  E. 
from  Geneva,  crossed  the  Hermance 
stream  into  Savoy,  and  went  through 
Douvabie  (now  connected  with 
Geneva  in  \  \  hr.  by  a  narrow-gauge 
railway)  and  Sciez  to  Thonon  (20 
miles),  whence  it  followed  the  S. 
shore  of  the  lake  to  Bouve?'et,  thence 
going  S.E.  along  the  1.  bank  of  the 
Rhone  to  St.  Maurice.  The  railway 
takes  very  much  the  same  course 
from  Thonon  onwards,  but  reaches 
that  place  by  keeping  more  inland. 
This  line  of  railway  connects  not 
only  Geneva,  but,  through  Aix  les 
Bains  and  Bellegarde,  farther  Savoy, 
and  even  Dauphine,  with  the  Rhone 
valley  at  St.  Maurice.  At  Thonon 
it  affords  direct  access  to  various 
carriage  roads  which  traverse  the  sub- 
alpine  district  of  the  Chablais,  while 
Monthey  is  the  starting  point  for  the 
i  Va!  dTlliez  and  Champery.  The 
;  peaks  that  overhang  it  at  the  E.  end 
of  the  lake  are  famous  for  their  lake 
views  :  the  Dent  d;Oche  is  best 
reached  from  Evian,  but  the  little 
:  mountain  inn  on  the  shores  of  the  lake 
of  Tanay,  above  Vouvry,  is  the  spot 
from  which  the  Cornettes  de  Bise 
and  the  Grammont  are  most  con- 
veniently attacked. 

From  the  Eaux  Vives  station  (S. 
side  of  the  Rhone)  at  Geneva  the 


ROUTE  K.    GENEVA  TO  ST.  MAURICE  BY  THONON  419 


line  runs  E.  through  Chene  Bourg, 
enters  France  by  crossing  the  Foron, 
and  soon  after  reaches  Atinejnasse 
Station. 

[This  is  the  junction  of  the  lines 
from  Bellegarde,  Aix  les  Bains,  An- 
necy,  Cluses,  and  Samoens.  See  §11. 
Rtes.  E  and  F  ;  §  10.  Rte.  A  ;  §  16. 
Rte.  A.  and  Rte  A.  above.} 

The  Foron  is  crossed  several  times, 
its  course  being  now  wholly  within 
France,  before  (7 \  m. )  St.  Cergues 
Station  is  reached,  the  starting  point 
of  the  future  railway  up  Les  Voirons. 
At  present  it  is  best  to  go  to  (12  J  m. ) 
Bons-St.  Didier  Station  in  order  to 
reach  that  fine  point  of  view. 

[The  Voirons  is  a  range  of  hills 
formed  of  Tertiary  rock,  and  often 
visited  from  Geneva  for  the  sake  of 
its  view  of  the  lake  and  the  Jura  on 
one  side,  and  of  the  snowy  Alps  on 
the  other,  and  of  its  pleasant  broad, 
rolling,  and  wooded  uplands.  10  min. 
from  its  culminating  point  (1,480  m. , 
4,856  ft.)  is  the  H.  de  PHermitage,  a 
favourite  spot  for  a  stay  of  some  days. 
This  may  be  gained  from  Bons  in 
2 \  hrs.,  and  from  Boege  (on  the  E. ) 
in  2  hrs. ,  by  pedestrians.  The  easiest 
way  is  to  drive  from  Bons  to  the 
(4 J  miles)  Col  de  Saxel  (3J  miles  from 
Boege),  and  then  continue  the  drive 
in  a  W.  direction  to  the  inn  (5 J  m.) 
The  hotel  omnibus  takes  4  hrs.  from 
Bons  to  the  hotel.  It  is  said  that  the 
view  is  even  finer  from  the  S.  and 
lower  summit,  called  Point e  de  Pra~ 
laire,  1,412  m.,  4,633  ft.  J 

Some  way  beyond  Bons  the 
fine  ruins  of  the  thirteenth-century 
castle  of  La  Pochette  are  passed  on 
the  r.,  and,  beyond  the  station  of 
(16 J  m. )  Perrignier,  those  of  the 
twelfth-century  Cistercian  nunnery  of 
Petit  Lieu.  The  line  bears  away  from 
the  hill  on  which  rise  the  ruins  of  the 
two  tenth-century  castles  of  Allinges 
(see  below),  gradually  nearing  the 
shore  of  the  lake,  which  is  finally 
gained  at 

Thonon,  a  little  town,  which  was 
formerly  the  capital  of  the  old  pro- 
vince of  the  Chablais,  just  S.  of  the 


lake.  The  upper  town  contains 
the  chief  buildings,  and  a  terrace 
walk  (on  the  site  of  the  old  castle  de- 
stroyed in  1 591)  planted  with  treesv 
and  commanding  the  lake  and  the- 
mountains. 

£25  min.  distant  to  the  N.,  on  the 
alluvial  deposits  thrust  into  the  lake 
by  the  impetuous  torrent  of  the 
Dranse,  are  the  remains  of  the  castle> 
afterwards  monastery,  of  Ripaille. 
This  was  the  house  of  Austin  Canons 
Regular,  founded  in  141 1  by  Amadeus. 
VIII.,  last  Count  (1391-1417)  and 
first  Duke  (1417-1434)  of  Savoy. 
Twice  he  retired  thither,  first  on  his 
resignation  of  his  duchy  in  1434, 
when  he  founded  there  the  knightly 
order  of  SS.  Maurice  and  Lazarus. 
But  in  1439  he  was  elected  Pope 
under  the  name  of  Felix  V. ,  though 
he  resigned  that  great  position  in  1449, 
to  withdraw  again  to  Ripaille,  where 
he  died  in  1451.  As  a  ruler  he  left 
a  rare  reputation  for  wisdom  and 
moderation,  but  the  life  of  ease  and 
luxury  which  he  and  his  knights  were 
said  to  lead  gave  rise  to  the  French 
phrase  1  faire  Ripaille  '  to  describe 
that  kind  of  existence.  In  1669  the 
house  was  occupied  by  the  Carthusians 
from  PAbbaye  de  Vallon  (Rte.  L.  2). 
Another  excursion  to  be  made  from 
Thonon  is  to  the  two  ruined  tenth- 
century  castles  on  the  hill  of  Allinges 
(1  hr. )  The  chapel  (715  m. ,  2,346 
ft.),  a  favourite  resort  of  St.  Francis 
de  Sales,  still  preserves  some  traces  of 
early  frescoes  on  the  vault  of  its  roof, 
and,  like  the  castles,  commands  a  very 
fine  view  over  the  lake,  the  Chablais, 
and  the  Jura.  From  Thonon  roads 
lead  in  various  directions,  and  are 
described  in  the  following  three 
Routes.] 

Soon  after  quitting  Thonon  the  line 
passes  some  magnificent  chestnut  trees 
on  the  r. ,  crosses  the  Dranse  by  a  long 
bridge,  and  traversing  the  watering 
place  of  Amphion  reaches 

Evian  les  Bains.  This  is  a  small 
town  just  opposite  Lausanne  (35 
min.  ofT  by  steamer),  and  on  one 
of  the  finest  sites  of  the  lake.  A 
E  E  2 


420     PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.  SIXT  AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


mineral  spring  whose  waters  (bicar- 
•bonate  of  soda)  are  nearly  tasteless 
enjoys  a  great  reputation,  and  attracts, 
it  is  said,  10,000  visitors  (mainly 
•French)  each  summer.  The  climate 
is  cooler  than  that  of  Vevey,  being 
'much  exposed  to  winds  from  the  lake. 
-An  enormous  chestnut  tree  at  Neuve- 
-celle,  J  m.  from  the  town,  is  worth  a 
stroll,  as  its  girth  is  a  little  over 
40  ft. 

[Evian  is  the  best  starting  point  for 
the  ascent  of  the  Dent  d'Oche  (2,-225 
m. ,  7,300  ft.,  the  highest  mountain  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  the  lake),  the 

*view  from  which  is  only  surpassed  by 
that  from  the  Cornettes  de  Bise  (see 
under  Vouvry,  below).  A  carriage 
road  leads  S.E.  to  Bemex  (7  miles), 
whence  a  mule  path  mounts  in  2  J  hrs. 
to  the  Oche  chalets,  to  the  S.  of  the 
peak.  A  track  runs  up  the  steep 
couloir  just  N.  of  the  huts  to  the 
ridge,  along  which  the  summit  is 
gained  in  2  hrs.  J 

Beyond  Evian  the  line  passes  be- 
tween rich  wooded  slopes,  with  trel- 
lised  vines,  and  the  shores  of  the  lake, 
which  on  this  side  presents  far  bolder 

-  scenery  than  on  the  opposite  shore. 
7  miles  from  Evian,  after  passing 
through  a  long  tunnel,  the  line  reaches 

-Meillerie,  familiar  to  the  readers  of 
Rousseau's  6  Nouvelle  Heloise. '  Here 
the  rocks  plunge  directly  into  the  lake, 

'which  is  about  820  ft.  in  depth,  and 
it  was  off  them  that  in  1816  Byron 
nearly  lost  his  life  in  a  squall  while 
boating  on  the  lake.  The  next  place 
passed  is  St.  Gingolph,  a  village 
divided  into  two  bits  by  the  Morge 
torrent,  here  marking  the  frontier 
between  Savoy  and  Switzerland.  It 
rises  in  the  Dent  dxOche  (2,225  m., 
7,300  ft.),  which  may  hence  be 
ascended  in  about  5  hrs.,  passing 
Novel.  The  following  note  recom- 
mends an  interesting  excursion  con- 
necting St.  Gingolph  with  Vouvry. 
The  ascent  will  take  5-6  hrs.,  the 
descent  about  3 J-4  hrs.  : — i  Ascend  by 
the  1.  bank  of  the  Morge  through  a 
wood  of  splendid  chestnut  and  walnut 
trees,  at  the  back  of  St,  Gingolph,  as 


far  as  Novel  (3 J  m.  by  road).  Here 
take  a  southerly  course  towards  a  col, 
passing  under  and  to  the  E.  of  the 
Dent  d'Oche,  and  having  crossed  it 
proceed  until  you  have  the  Cornettes 
de  Bise  to  the  S.E.;  ascend  a  pasture 
valley  to  the  chalets  of  Bise,  whence 
the  summit  of  the  Cornettes  de  Bise 
(2,437  m.,  7,996  ft.)  is  easily  reached. 
The  view  is  magnificent,  and  scarcely 
surpassed  by  any  other  lake  view  in 
Switzerland.  Descend  nearly  due  E. 
by  the  pretty  little  lake  of  Tanay, 
and  you  will  be  quite  prepared  to 
enjoy  a  good  supper  and  comfortable 
bed  at  the  modest  inn  at  Vouvry  ' 
(R.  W.  E.  F.) 

The  lake  is  skirted  to  Le  Bouveret, 
near  the  mouth  of  the  Rhone, 
where  it  enters  the  E.  end  of  the 
lake.  It  is  the  terminus  of  the 
line  of  steamers  coming  from  Geneva 
and  calling  at  places  on  the  S.  or 
Savoy  side  of  the  lake.  The  line  now 
quits  the  lake  to  run  S.E.  along  the 
1.  bank  of  the  Rhone.  It  leaves  to 
the  r.  Port  Vallais,  formerly  on  the 
lake,  and  soon  after  the  hamlet  of 
Les  Avonettes.  This  is  most  probably 
the  scene  of  the  great  catastrophe  by 
which  the  town  of  Tauretunum  was 
destroyed  in  563,  as  recorded  by 
Gregory  of  Tours  and  Marius  of 
Avenches.  A  great  mass  then  fell 
from  the  Grammont  on  the  W. ,  which 
caused  extensive  havoc  on  the  shores 
of  the  lake,  by  reason  of  the  massive 
waves  which  arose  beyond  their  accus- 
tomed limits.  Skirting  the  base  of 
the  mountain,  where  a  fort  and  draw- 
bridge formerly  stood  to  defend  the 
narrow  pass  or  defile  of  the  Porte  du 
Sex,  the  entrance  to  the  Vallais  on 
this  bank  of  the  Rhone,  the  line 
reaches  Vouvry.  Near  the  village 
is  the  outlet  of  the  remarkable 
but  unfinished  Stockalper  canal,  ex- 
cavated, in  the  last  century,  by  a  mem- 
ber of  the  well-known  Brieg  family, 
to  drain  the  marshes  that  occupy  a 
large  portion  the  valley. 

[Vouvry  is  the  best  starting  point 
for  the  ascent  of  the  Cornettes  de  Bi:e 
(2,437  m.,   7,996  ft.),  and  of  the 


ROUTE  K.    GENEVA  TO  ST.  MAURICE  BY  TIIONON  421 


Grammont  (2,175  m. ,  7,136  ft.) 
For  either  point  it  is  necessary  to  go 
W.  to  Afiex,  then  N.W.  over  a  small 
col  to  the  charming  lake  of  Tanay 
(3hrs.),  1,411m.,  4,629  ft.,  on  the 
shores  of  which  is  a  small  inn.  The 
Grammont  is  reached  hence  in  1  \  hr. 
by  a  great  grass  slope,  and  the  traveller 
can  descend  in  3  hrs.  to  Les  Avouettes 
(see  above),  near  Port  Vallais.  The 
view  from  the  summit  is  very  fine, 
especially  over  the  lake.  That  from 
the  Cornettes  de  Bhe  is,  however, 
even  finer,  and  is  not  surpassed,  in  the 
opinion  of  competent  judges,  by  the 
panorama  from  any  other  point  round 
the  lake  of  Geneva.  To  reach  its 
summit  from  the  Tanay  inn  the  travel- 
ler should  go  W.  up  the  glen  past  the 
chalets  of  Looz  (where  a  route  from 
St.  Gingolph  by  the  Col  de  Lovenex 
falls  in)  to  a  lakelet  near  the  Col  de 
Pise,  or  Pas  de  Riss  (2,087  m-  >  65847 
ft.),  N.  of  the  peak,  from  which  pass 
Vacheresse,  in  the  Dranse  valley 
(Rte.  N. ),  may  be  reached  in  4 \  hrs. 
Then  bear  up  S.W.  to  a  gap  at  the 
foot  of  the  peak,  which  is  scaled  by- 
steep  rocks  and  grass  (4  hrs.  from 
Tanay).  An  easier  and  more  direct 
way,  if  starting  from  Vouvry,  is  to  go  - 
S.W.  from  Miex  till  just  on  the  French 
side  of  the  Col  de  Vernaz^  or  Passage 
de  Lachan  (4  hrs.,  hence  in  ij-hr.  to. 
La  Chapelle  d'Abondance,  Rte.  N. ), 
whence  the  way  leads  nearly  N.  past 
the  Callaz  huts,  then,  mainly  up 
grass  slopes  S.  of  the  peak,  to  the  top. 
(ij  hr. )  The  descent  to  St.  Gin- 
golph (above)  commands  a  series  of 
splendid  views  over  the  lake.  But  it 
must  be  remembered  that  Vouvry  is. 
1,000  m.  (3,281  ft.)  lower  than 
Tanay.  ] 

From  Vouvry  the  railway  runs 
past  Vionnaz  to  Monthey^  at  the 
entrance  of  the  Val  dTlliez.  (For 
the  routes  to  Champery  and  Morgins 
see  Rtes.  H  and  N  respectively.) 
Monthey  is  well  known  to  geologists 
for  the  erratic  boulders  (J  hr.  off)  to 
which  attention  was  first  called  by 
M.  de  Charpentier.  On  the  slope 
above  the  village  a  vast  assemblage 


of  huge  blocks  of  protogine  granite,, 
exactly  similar  to  those  found  in  the, 
Val  Ferret  (whence  these,  perhaps, 
come),,  on  the  E.  side  of  the  Mont 
Blanc  chain,  remain,  on  the  site, 
where  they  were  left  by  the  retire- 
ment of  the  great  glacier  that  once 
traversed  the  Rhone  valley.  Similar 
blocks  occur  above  Vionnaz,  and  at, 
several  other  places  on  the  W.  slope 
of  the  valley,  but  they  are  nowhere 
seen  on  so  great  a  scale  as  here. 
The  largest  block,  the  Pierre  desi 
Marmettes,  with  a-  Pavilion  on  top,, 
is  all  but  7a  ft.  long,  33  broad,  and 
33  high.  Monthey  is  connected  by 
a  high  road  (3m.)  with  the  Ollon- 
St.  Triphon  station,  on  the  line  from 
Lausanne  (§21*  Rte.  A),,  while  2  m.. 
beyond  Monthey  is  Massongex^ 
whence  a  long  bridge  leads  over  the 
Rhone  to  Bex.  The  valley  rapidly 
contracts  between  the  opposite  peaks 
of  the  Dent  du  Midi  and  the  Dent  de 
Morcles,  and  the  line  joins  that  from 
Lausanne  (§21.  Rte.  A)  at  the 
entrance  of  the  tunnel,  on  emerging 
from  which  St.  Maurice  is  reached 
(56J  m.) 


Route  L. 

THONON  TO  BONNEVILLE  OR 
TANINGES. 

The  N.  part  of  Savoy,  forming  the 
ancient  province  of  the  Chablais,  and 
lying  (roughly  speaking)  between  the 
Arve  and  the  Giffre  on  the  S.,  and 
the  Lake  of  Geneva  on  the  N. ,  con- 
tains much  pleasing  scenery,  though 
none  that  can  be  called  grand.  It 
might  well  be  visited  early  or  late  in 
the  season,  before  or  after  the  High 
Alps  can  be  climbed,  or  while  the 
weather  is  clearing  up,  as  it  does 
more  slowly  amidst  the  higher  moun- 
tains. The  Chablais,  outside  the 
shores  of  the  lake  (a  great  place  for 


422      PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.  SIXT  AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


fine  chestnut  trees),  consists  of  a  subab 
pine  upland,  little  visited  by  English 
travellers,  but  far  better  known  to 
French  tourists.  It  is  specially  rich 
in  pastures,  in  steep  beech  and  .pine 
woodlands,  affording  good  timber,  in 
hay  slopes  and  orchards,  and  in  warm 
grassy  peaks,  often  precipitous  on 
one  side.  There  is  scarcely  any 
bottom-land  in  the  valleys,  yet  the 
soil  is  fertile,  and  well  spread,  as  is 
shown  by  the  density  of  the  popula- 
tion—65,000.  Save  the  two  towns  of 
Thonon  and  Evian,  the  Chablais 
hardly  includes  a  village  numbering 
more  than  1,700  souls.  The  moun- 
tain ranges  lie  pretty  close  together, 
with  slopes  3,000  ft.  and  more  in 
height.  They  run  with  the  strike  of 
the  strata  parallel  to  the  Mont  Blanc 
chain,  N.E.  and  S.W.,  attaining 
their  greatest  height  in  the  Pointe  de 
Grange  (2,438  m.,  7,999  ft.)  and  the 
Cornettes  de  Bise  (2,437  m.,  7,996 
ft.),  which  rise  respectively  S.  and  N. 
of  La  Chapelle  d'Abondance.  The 
district  is  traversed  by  many  carriage 
roads,  the  chief  of  which  are  de- 
scribed in  this  and  the  two  following 
Rtes. ,  but  a  pedestrian  may  freely 
choose  his  own  course  in  almost  any 
direction. 

1.  By  the  Col  de  Coux  und  Boege 
(about  31  \  m.  to  Bonneville,  35^ 
m.  to  Taninges).— -From  Thonon  the 
road  runs  nearly  due  S.  to  -m. ) 
Macheron  (hence  in  a  few  minutes  up 
to  the  ruins  of  the  Allinges  castles 
and  chapel,  Rte.  K),  and  passing 
Maugny  begins  to  mount  through 
chestnut  woods,  whence  the  lake  and 
Jura  are  seen  at  intervals.  Con- 
tinuing to  ascend  in  a  S.  direction 
it  passes  above  the  hamlet  of  Pes- 
singes,  and  mounts  in  zigzags,  partly 
through  pine  forests,  keeping  on  the 
slopes  W.  of  the  easy  foot  pass  of 
the  'Col  des  Moises,  to  the  highest 
point  (9 J  m.),  the  Col  de  Coux  (c. 
-1, 200  m.,  3,937  ft.)  A  knoll  N.  of 
the  col  is  crowned  by  a  statue  of  the 
Virgin,  and  is  worth  visiting  (10 
min. )  for  the  very  extensive  view 
obtained  thence  over  the  Jura,  and 


the  mountains  of  the  Chablais  and  of 
the  Faucigny.  The  road  descends 
on  the  other  side  to  (12J  m.)  the 
hamlet  of  Habere  Poche. 

[Hence  the  Mont  Forchet,  1,545 
m.,  5,069  ft.  (highest  point  locally 
called  Fourches  d'Habere),  to  the  N. , 
can  be  gained  in  2  hrs. ,  and  commands 
a  fine  view.  Several  roads  lead  N.E. 
from  Habere  Poche  over  low  passes 
in  5  m.  to  Lullin  and  Vailly,  a  little 
way  beyond,  on  the  Col  de  Jambaz 
roads,  Rte.  L.  2.] 

Passing  through  the  village  of  Habere 
Lullin  the  road  at  ( 1 5  J-  m. )  the  village 
of  Villard  enters  the  province  of 
Faucigny,  and  continues  along  the 
1.  bank  of  the  Menoge  torrent  till  this 
is  crossed  in  order  to  gain  (17  m. ) 

Boege  (760  m.,  2,493  ft.),  a  small 
town  famous  for  an  excellent  race  of 
fowls. 

[Hence  a  road  goes  up  in  3J  m. 
to  the  Col  de  Saxel  (whence  the 
Voirons  is  reached  in  5  J  m). ,  and 
descends  in  4J  m.  more  to  Bons,  on 
the  railway  between  Annemasse  and 
Thonon  (Rte,  K).] 

The  right  bank  of  the  Menoge  is 
followed  to  (2 if  m.)  Pont  de  Fil- 
linges,  over  that  stream.  (This  is 
now  a  station  on  the  steam  tramway 
from  Annemasse  to  Samoens  (Rte. 
A),  7  m.  from  the  former  place, 
and  13  J  m.  from  Taninges,  which 
is  itself  6|  m.  below  Samoens.) 
m.  further,  at  the  junction  of  the 
Menoge  and  the  Foron,  is  (23J  m. ) 
Bomie,  whence  a  steam  tramway 
leads  in  8  m.,  past  Findrol,  to  (31 J 
m.)  Bonneville,  on  the  Annemasse- 
Le  Fayet  line  (§16.  Rte.  A).  Bonne- 
ville is  8f  m.  from  Cluses. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  Jambaz  and 
Megevette  (about  33  m.  to  Bonne- 
ville, 32  m.  to  Taninges). — This  is  an 
even  finer  route  than  that  last  de- 
scribed, and  is  strongly  recommended. 
From  Thonon  the  road  runs  S.E. 
along  the  1.  bank  of  the  Dranse  past 
(4  m. )  Annoy ;  with  extensive  gypsum 
quarries,  then  high  above  the  deep 
gorge  in  which  flows  the  foaming 
river.    It  gradually  bends  S.,  passing 


ROUTE  M.    THONON  TO  TANINGES  OR  SAMOENS  423 


(7jm. )  above  Reyvroz,  a  village  above 
the  junction  of  two  of  the  three  princi- 
pal branches  of  the  Dranse  (Rte.  M), 
then  runs  above  the  1.  bank  of  the 
Brevon  or  Dranse  de  Bellevaux,  to 
(9|m. )  Vailly,  whence  a  cross  road 
leads  in  5  m.  by  Lullin  to  Habere 
Poche  (see  I.  above).  It  continues 
in  the  same  direction  above  the  same 
bank  of  the  stream  to  (13J  m. )  Belle- 
vaux  (915  m.,  3,002  ft.),  the  chief 
village  of  the  valley  of  that  name. 
Its  name  is  taken  from  a  Benedictine 
monastery,  founded  here  in  the 
twelfth  century. 

[Hence  the  active  walker  can  as- 
cend in  3  J  hrs.  the  Pointe  Billiat 
(1,901  m.,  6,237  ft.),  to  the  N.E., 
and  may  descend  in  2  hrs.  more  to 
La  Baume,  on  the  Col  des  Gets  road, 
Rte.  M.] 

A  final  ascent  leads  in  about 
2  m.  more  to  (15^  m. )  the  summit 
of  the  Col  de  Janibaz  (1,058  m. , 
3.47ift.) 

[Hence  several  low,  easy  passes 
lead  through  the  very  secluded  and 
much-forested,  shady  glen  to  the  S.E. , 
in  which  stand  the  ruins  of  the  Car- 
thusian house  of  the  Abbaye  de  Vallon  — 
founded  1 136,  monks  transferred  in 
1669  to  Ripaille — to  Taninges,  or  to 
the  road  over  the  Col  des  Gets.] 

The  descent  on  the  S.  side  of  the 
pass  lies  through  the  Risse  valley, 
passing  (18 \  m. )  Megevette  and 
(2o|  m. )  Onion,  before  reaching 
( 24  m. )  St.  Jeoire.  This  is  a  station 
on  the  steam  tramway  between  Anne- 
masse  and  Samoens  (Rte.  A),  by 
which  Taninges  is  8  m.  distant 
(Rte*. A).  A  pedestrian  will,  if  the 
weather  is  fine,  prefer  to  cross  the 
conical  peak  of  the  Mole  to  Bonne- 
ville (Rte.  B),  but  in  case  of  bad 
weather  may  reach  that  place  by 
steam  tramway  to  (5m.)  Marignier, 
which  is  Af\  m.  from  Bonneville  by 
the  Cluses  railway  line. 


Route  M. 

THONON  TO  TANINGES  OR 
SAMOENS. 

To  Taninges,  high  road,  31I  m.  To 
Samoens,  high  road  to  Morzine,  21^ 
m.,  thence  by  mule  path. 

This  too  is  a  very  beautiful  drive, 
and  one  very  convenient  for  a  traveller 
bound  from  Lausanne  to  Sixt  or 
Chamonix,  but  wishing  to  go  as  little 
as  possible  by  rail.  The  excellent 
modern  road  follows  for  19  m.  the 
central  branch  of  the  Dranse  at  the 
river's  edge.  Frequent  gorges  and 
varying  scenery  show  that  the  streams 
run  at  right  angles  to  the  general 
trend  of  the  mountain  ridges,  while 
the  villages  and  old  roads  are  left 
perched  and  struggling  on  the  hill- 
sides until  St.  Jean  d'Aulph  is 
reached. 

From  Thonon  the  road  runs  S.E. , 
in  2  m.  crosses  to  the  right  bank  of 
the  Dranse,  and  follows  it  on  that 
bank,  through  a  series  of  fine  narrow 
gorges  with  wooded  banks  and  many 
sheer  cliffs,  till  it  recrosses  the  river 
a  little  way  before  (7^m.)  Pont  de 
Bioge,  near  the  meeting  of  the  Belle- 
vaux  branch  of  the  Dranse  with  the 
united  stream  of  the  two  other 
branches  of  that  river.  Just  W.  is 
the  hamlet  of  Reyvroz  (Rte.  L.  2). 
The  road  crosses  the  Bellevaux  branch 
and  runs  for  a  short  distance  above 
the  1.  bank  of  the  united  streams  of 
the  two  other  branches,  but  soon 
turns  S.  along  the  1.  bank  of  the 
Morzine  branch.  Narrow  gorges  lead 
from  one  green  basin  to  another, 
while  hay  lands,  woods,  and  orchards, 
dotted  with  houses,  and  waterfalls  are 
frequent,  and  on  the  E.  the  precipices 
of  the  Mont  Ouzon  frown  over  the 
meadows  below.  Just  beneath  the 
hamlet  of  La  Baume  (whence  the 
traveller  can  reach  the  Pointe  Billiat 
(1,901  m. ,  6,237  ft.)  in  4  hrs.,  and 
descend  in  2  hrs.  more  to  Bellevaux, 
Rte.  L),  the  Pont  de  Gys  (iifm.), 


424      PENNINE  ALPS.    §  17.  SIXT  AND  CHAMPERY  DISTRICT 


over  the  Dranse,  is  traversed,  the 
road  then  passing  beneath  the  village 
of  Biot,  the  principal  hamlet  of  the 
valley,  on  a  brow  above.  The 
picturesque  village  of  Seytroux  is 
seen  on  the  other  side  of  the 
Dranse  ;  then  the  road  traverses  a  I 
fine  gorge,  at  one  point  tunnelling 
through  a  great  boulder  fallen  from 
above,  in  order  to  gain  the  green 
hollow  in  which  is  the  village  of 
St.  Jean  cTAulph.  The  old  village 
and  church  are  on  the  1.  bank,  but 
the  road  traverses  the  ruins  of  the 
abbey,  then  (15^-m. )  the  new  village. 
This  abbey  was  a  Cistercian  house, 
founded  in  1103,  and  is  mentioned 
several  times  in  the  letters  of  St. 
Bernard.  The  fine  old  monastic  : 
church  was  pulled  down  in  1824  by 
the  local  authorities,  in  order  to  use 
the  materials  in  restoring  the  village  | 
church.  The  name  '  d'Aulph  5  is  said 
to  come  from  '  de  alpibus. '  3 \  m. 
further  on  the  Dranse  is  recrossed,  a 
road  leading  up  to  Montriond  (Rte.  N. 
2)  here  turning  off  to  the  L  This 
hamlet  is  at  the  union  of  three  moun- 
tain torrents,  which  join  to  form  the 
Dranse  de  Morzine.  The  E.  branch 
descends  from  the  Pas  de  Chesery 
(Rte.  N)  ;  the  middle  one  flows  from 
the  Cols  de  la  Golese  and  de  Coux  to 
the  N.W.  past  Morzine  ;  while  the 
road  to  Taninges  traverses  the  short 
S.  branch,  that  of  Gets.  Nearly  1  m. 
beyond  the  bridge  (19!  m.  from 
Thonon)  the  roads  to  Taninges  and 
Samoens  divide. 

(a)  To  Taninges  by  the  Col  des 
Gets- — From  this  point  the  road  over 
the  Col  des  Gets  mounts  S.  by  zigzags, 
in  order  to  attain  the  cultivated  rolling 
upland  of  Gets,  and  soon  after  reaches 
(25J m.)Zes  Gets  (1,172  m.,  3,845  ft. ), 
a  hamlet  close  to  the  pass  itself,  which 
forms  the  boundary  between  the 
Chablais  and  the  Faucigny.  It  is 
said  that  the  hamlet  was  founded  in 
the  fourteenth  century  by  some  Jews 
( 6  Gets  '  being  stated  to  mean  in  old 
patois  '  Juifs  5 )  hunted  from  Tuscany. 
On  the  descent  the  road  passes  1 
through  a  very  picturesque  wooded  | 


gorge,  and  follows  the  Aj-pettaz  tor- 
rent to  its  junction  with  the  Foron, 
then  the  latter,  till  a  turn  in  the  road 
reveals  Taninges  below  in  a  pretty 
basin,  whither  two  great  zigzags  soon 
lead  down  (3 if  rn. )  Taninges  is  a 
station  on  the  steam  tramway  between 
Annemasse  and  Samoens  (Rte.  A). 

(b)  To  Samoens  by  the  Col  de  Joup- 
lane. — From  the  bifurcation  a  road 
descends  to  (21  \  m.  from  Thonon) 
Morzine )  a  prettily  situated  hamlet, 
now  beginning  to  be  known  as  an  4  air 
cure.'  (For  the  route  t'o  Champery 
see  Rte.  N.)  Hence  a  mule  path 
leads  nearly  due  S.  up  gentle  wooded 
slopes  past  some  huts  to  the  Col  de 
Jonplane  (1,718  m.,  5,637  ft. ),  which 
commands  an  exquisite  view.  The 
path  winds  down  the  mountain  slopes 
on  the  I.  bank  of  the  Valentine 
glen,  and  crosses  a  lower  shoulder, 
amidst  pretty  views,  to  Samoens 
(4|  hrs.  from  Morzine).  It  is  not  a 
much  longer  route  to  mount  S.E. 
from  Morzine  up  the  main  stream  to 
its  head,  whence  the  Col  de  la  Golese 
leads  S.  to  Samoens,  and  the  Col  de 
Coux  E.  to  Champery  (Rte.  G.  1). 


Route  N. 

THONON  TO  MONTHEY  BY  MORGINS 
OR  CHAMPERY. 

Several  routes  may  be  taken  from 
Thonon  to  one  or  other  of  the  two 
chief  tributary  glens,  those  of  Morgins 
and  Champery,  of  the  Val  d'liliez,  all 
of  them  passing  through  agreeable 
scenery. 

I.  By  the  Pas  de  Morgins. — Carriage 
road  to  Morgins  (28  m. ),  and  thence 
Iij  m.  to  Monthey,  in  all  39^  rn. 

From  Thonon  the  road  is  the  same 
as  that  over  the  Col  des  Gets  (Rte. 
M.  a)  as  far  as  (7-J  m.)  Pont  de  Bioge. 
It  then  bends  E.  through  a  pictur- 
esque gorge  along  the  r.  bank  of  the 


ROUTE  N.    THONON  TO  MONTHEY 


425 


Dranse  o?  Abondance,  and  passes  just  1 
below  (13  m. )  Vacheresse. 

[Hence  the  Pas  de  Piss,  or  Col  de 
Bise,  leads  over  to  Vouvry  in  hrs. , 
and  the  Cornettes  de  Bise  may  be 
ascended  e?i  route.  The  Dent  cP  Oche 
can  be  attained  also  in  5  hrs.  by  the 
Darbon  and  Oche  huts,  Rte.  K.] 

The  Dranse  is  crossed  several  times 
before  (19J  m,)  Abondance  (930m., 
3,051  ft.)  is  reached.    The  church 
dates  from   the  fourteenth  century 
(parts  are  of  the  twelfth),  and  con- 
tains  some    interesting  antiquities, 
especially  in  the  sacristy.     It  for-  I 
merly  belonged  to  the  house  of  Austin 
Canons   Regular,  founded   here   in  | 
1 108,  whence  colonies  were  sent  out 
to  Sixt  (1 144)  and  to  Val  dTlliez  j 
( 133 1 ).    Hence  by  its  S.  ridge  the 
traveller  can  climb  (4  hrs. )  the  Pointe  j 
de  Grange  (2,438  m. ,  7,999  ft. ),  which 
is  the  highest  point  lying  entirely  in 
the  Chablais,  and  commands  a  good 
view.    The  Abondance  glen  above 
the  village  is  the  best  sample  of  the 
rich  pastoral  valleys  of  the  Chablais. 
Like  Gruyere  it  is  hollowed  out  of  I 
the  Jurassic  shales  at  their  junction 
with  the  hard  limestones,  which  rise  | 
on  the  N.  side  of  the  glen  in  fine 
bold  cliffs.    (For  the  short  cut  from 
Abondance  to  the  Col  de  Chesery, 
see  below.) 

Hence    the   valley    flattens    and  : 
widens.    The  road  rises  more  rapidly 
to  gain  (23  m. )  La  Chapelle  oTAbon-  I 
dance  (1,009  m->  3*3 11  ft-)>  from  which 
the  Cornettes  de  Bise  (2,437  m. ,  7,996  I 
ft.),  due  N.  of  the  hamlet,  may  be 
climbed  in  4J  hrs. ,  or  Vouvry  reached 
by  the  Col  de  Vernaz  in  6  hrs.    Pas-  ! 
tures  and  forests  are  seen  on  every  side,  j 
1 J  m.  beyond  La  Chapelle  is  Chat  el,  \ 
where  are  some  mineral  springs,  and 
hence  some  zigzags  in  the  forest  lead 
up  to  the  Pas  de  Morgins  (1,375  m.,  j 
4,511  ft.),    on  the  divide  between 
France  and  Switzerland.    The  road 
traverses  a  small  plain,  leaves  a  lake 
on  the  r.,  and  descends  to  (28  m. ) 
Morgins  (1,343  m.,  4,406  ft.),  now 
much  frequented  in  summer  by  French 
visitors  because  of  its  iron  waters. 


[The  pretty  pass  of  Porte  du  Soleil 
to  Champery  (4!  hrs.)  is  noticed  in 
Rte.  H,  and  other  pleasant  excursions 
can  be  made  hence.] 

From  Morgins  the  road  runs  E. 
down  the  glen,  magnificent  views  of 
the  Dent  du  Midi  being  gained  on 
the  way.  Six  great  zigzags  (several 
short  cuts  for  pedestrians)  bring  the 
traveller  in  8  m.  to  the  high  road  in 
the  Val  dTlliez,  close  to  Trois  Tor- 
rents, whence  it  is  3J-  m.  more  to 
Monthey,  11-5-  m.  from  Morgins. 

2.  By  the  Pas  de  Chesery. — This 
is  a  circuitous,  but  very  pretty  route. 
From  Thonon  the  road  towards  the 
Col  des  Gets  (Rte.  M.  a)  is  followed 
to  (i8|m.)  the  bridge  at  which  the 
ways  to  Taninges  and  Samoens  part. 
A  side  road  mounts  hence  to  the  S.E. 
in  a  mile  to  the  village  of  Montriond 
(whence  it  goes  on  to  Morzine,  2  m. . 
Rte.  M). 

[If  bound  for  the  Col  direct  it  is 
better  not  to  go  to  the  village,  but  to 
take  a  path  before  entering  it.] 

The  way  now  lies  N.E.  along  the 
E.  branch  of  the  Dranse  de  Morzine  up 
to  (|  hr. )  the  pretty  bright  blue  lake 
of  Montr iond  (1,049  m->  3?442  ft.), 
\  m.  long,  and  hemmed  in  on  the 
farther  side  by  huge  precipices  rising 
perpendicularly  from  the  water's  edge. 
It  is  said  that  there  is  now  a  mountain 
inn  here.  Passing  between  bold  rocks 
and  cascades,  and  through  a  pine 
forest,  the  traveller  climbs  past  a  first 
step  in  the  glen  to  a  second  whereon 
{\\  hr.  from  the  lake)  are  the Lyndaret 
chalets. 

[Hence  Abondance  may  be  reached 
in  4^  hrs.  by  the  Col  de  Bassachaux 
and  the  hamlet  of  Plagues. *y 

From  Lyndaret  the  path  mounts 
S.E.  up  grass  slopes  to  the  Pas  de 
Chesery  (2,005  m->  6,578  ft.)  The 
Col  is  a  small  grassy  plain,  from 
which,  a  little  way  down  on  the 
Swiss  side,  it  is  easy  to  descend  to 
either  Morgins  or  Champery.  If 
bound  for  Morgins  (ij-  hr. )  the 
traveller  should  bear  N.E.,  and  go 
down  by  zigzags  to  the  wooded  glen 
of  the  Vieze  de  Tine,  which  is  followed 


426     PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


to  Morgins.  Champery  is  gained  in  2 
hrs.  from  the  Col  by  going  S.E.  past 
the  upper  Lac  Vert,  the  low  neck  of 
the  Porte  du  Lac  Jrert,  and  Crosey. 

3.  By  the  Col  de  Coux.— From 
Morzine  the  shortest  course  is  to 
follow  the  central  branch  of  the  Dranse 
de  Morzine  in  a  S.E.  direction  to  its 
head,  where  the  mule  path  between 
the  Col  de  la  Golese  and  the  Col  de 
Coux  (Rte.  G.  1)  is  struck.  The 
former  leads  to  Samoens,  and  the 
latter  to  Champery. 

Another  way  from  Morzine  to 
Champery  is  by  the  Col  des  Cases,  or 
de  Champery,  lying  rather  S.  of  the 
Pas  de  Chesery.  On  the  other  side 
the  path  from  the  last-named  pass  is 
joined  at  Crosey. 


SECTION  18. 

GRA  XD  C  OMBIN  D  IS  TR IC  T. 

The  division  of  the  Pennine  Alps 
extending  between  the  Col  Ferret 
and  the  Simplon  into  subordinate 
groups  is  a  purely  arbitrary  process, 
dictated  by  convenience,  but  not  rest- 
ing on  orographical  or  geographical 
grounds.  The  range  of  Mont  Blanc 
(or  the  W.  bit  of  the  Pennines)  is, 
on  the  contrary,  completely  distinct, 
and  cut  off  on  the  N.E.  by  the  valley 
of  the  Dranse.  The  great  group  of 
which  the  culminating  point  is  Monte 
Rosa  may  be  considered  to  be  limited 
on  the  W.  by  the  route  over  the  Col 
Ferret  through  the  Swiss  and  Italian 
Ferret  valleys,  while  on  the  E.  its 
natural  boundary  is  the  Simplon. 
Between  these  two  passes  we  may 
distinguish,  for  the  sake  of  con- 
venience, four  groups,  divided  from 
each  other  by  the  routes  of  the  Col 
de  Chermontane.  of  the  St.  Theodule, 
and  of  the  Monte  Mora,  and  described 
in  the  present  and  three  following 
Sections.  Nowadays  the  ranges 
between  the  Col  Ferret  and  the  St. 
Theodule  are  often  called  the  'Cen- 


tral Pennines,'  while  those  between 
the  St.  Theodule  and  the  Simplon 
are  named  the  '  Eastern  Pennines. 1 

In  the  present  Section  we  include 
the  western  portion  of  the  Central 
Pennines,  whose  culminating  point  is 
the  Grand  Combin,  the  highest  peak 
in  the  Alps  outside  the  immediate 
neighbourhood  of  Mont  Blanc  and 
Monte  Rosa.  On  the  N.  side  of  the 
watershed  this  district  comprises  the 
main  valleys  of  Entremont  and  Bagnes, 
with  their  tributary  streams  and 
glaciers,  all  drained  by  the  Dranse, 
while  on  the  S.  side  of  the  divide  it 
includes  the  basin  of  the  Buthier, 
which  joins  the  Dora  Baltea  at  Aosta. 
The  E.  limit  of  this  Section  is  formed 
by  the  ridge  running,  roughly  speak- 
ing, S.  and  E.  of  the  great  Otemma 
glacier,  and  the  route  of  the  Col  de 
Chermontane  from  its  head  to  Arolla. 

Although  the  pass  of  the  Great  St. 
Bernard  has  been  known  from  very 
early  times,  and  annually  crossed  by 
hundreds  of  pilgrims,  tourists,  and 
workmen,  and  the  parallel  pass  of  the 
Col  de  Fenetre  through  the  Val  de 
Bagnes  has  been  familiar  to  the 
natives  for  many  centuries,  yet  it 
was  long  before  the  snowy  regions  on 
either  side  of  these  passes  were  ex- 
plored by  travellers.  M.  Murith, 
later  (1792-1816)  Prior  of  the  Great 
St.  Bernard,  scaled,  indeed,  the  Mont 
Velan  in  1779,  and  Bourrit  about 
the  same  time  visited  the  Otemma 
glacier.  But  it  was  only  in  the  fifties 
that  the  Combin  and  its  neighbours 
were  explored,  first  by  the  indefatig- 
able Herr  Gottlieb  Studer,  closely 
followed  by  Mr.  W.  Mathews,  while 
the  Rev.  S.  W.  King  made  known 
the  beauties  of  the  '  Italian  Valleys 
of  the  Pennine  Alps. '  Not  very  long 
after  the  foundation  of  the  English 
and  Swiss  Alpine  Clubs,  however,  a 
great  step  forward  was  taken  in  the 
early  sixties.  The  English  climbers 
chiefly  directed  their  attention  to  the 
discovery  of  a  continuous  route  along 
the  main  range  of  the  Pennine  Alps 
from  Chamonix  to  Zermatt,  while  the 
Swiss  mountaineers  devoted  their  at- 


§  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


427 


tention  rather  to  the  peaks  N.  and  S. 
of  the  Otemma  glacier.  Yet  even  to 
this  day  the  Italian  side  of  this  W. 
bit  of  the  Central  Pennines  is  among 
the  least  known  and  most  rarely  visited 
parts  of  the  Western  Alps.  Aspiring 
mountaineers  of  the  present  time  will 
therefore  find  that  there  are  consider- 
able gleanings  yet  to  be  made  even  in 
what  is  held  by  some  to  be  an  '  ex- 
hausted district.' 

As  mentioned  above,  the  main 
object  of  the  early  English  explorers 
was  to  discover  a  '  High- Level  Route' 
from  Chamonix  to  Zermatt,  keeping 
high  up  on  the  mountains  all  the  way. 
The  original  route  sketched  out  has, 
however,  been  but  rarely  taken,  as 
the  first  glacier  pass  is  not  an  easy 
one,  and  the  second  very  danger- 
ous by  reason  of  falling  stones.  It 
lay  over  the  Col  d'iVrgentiere  from 
Lognan  to  the  Swiss  Val  Ferret,  thence 
over  the  easy  Col  des  Planards  to 
Bourg  St.  Pierre  ;  the  dangerous  Col 
du  Sonadon  led  over  to  the  Chermon- 
tane  or  Chanrion  huts,  whence  Zer- 
matt was  gained  in  two  days  by  the 
Col  d'Oren  to  Praraye,  at  the  head  of 
the  Valpelline,  and  the  Col  de  Val- 
pelline  to  the  Z'Mutt  glacier.  But 
travellers  who  can  accomplish  this 
long  journey  in  5  days  must  be  in 
very  good  training,  and  favoured  by 
steady  fine  weather.  Many  variations 
have  been  made  on  this  original  line. 
The  following  is  offered  as  one  among 
many  possible  alternatives.  The  tra- 
veller coming  from  Chamonix  should 
cross  the  Col  du  Chardonnet  to  the 
Swiss  Val  Ferret,  or  go  on  the  same 
day  over  the  Fenetre  de  Saleinaz  to 
Orsieres  (which  may  also  be  reached 
direct  from  the  Chamonix  valley  by 
the  Col  du  Tour).  From  the  Swiss  Val 
Ferret  or  Orsieres  the  new  Club  hut 
at  Chanrion  is  the  next  point  for 
which  to  make.  This  may  be  reached 
by  the  Col  des  Planards  to  Bourg  St. 
Pierre,  and  then  either  by  the  Col 
des  Maisons  Blanches  (climbing  the 
Grand  Combin  on  the  way)  to  Fionnay, 
in  the  Bagnes  valley,  or  by  crossing  the 
Mont  Velan  to  the  By  chalets,  and  then 


either  gaining  Fionnay  by  the  Grand 
Combin,  or  Chanrion  direct  by  the 
Col  de  Fenetre  and  the  Mont  Gele. 
From  Chanrion  the  traveller  may 
either  follow  the  original  route  by  the 
Cols  d'Oren  and  de  Valpelline,  or  take 
the  Col  de  Seilon  (climbing  the  Mont 
Blanc  de  Seilon  or  the  Ruinette  on 
the  way)  and  the  Pas  de  Chevres  to 
Arolla,  thence  gaining  Zermatt  by  the 
Col  de  Bertol  (ascending  en  route 
the  Aiguille  de  la  Za,  or  even  the 
highest  of  the  Dents  des  Bouquetins) 
and  the  Col  d'Herens.  The  wise 
traveller  will  not  hasten  through  scenes 
of  such  surpassing  beauty,  while  any 
one  in  a  hurry  can  go  from  Chamonix 
to  Zermatt  by  Geneva  or  the  Tete 
Noire,  and  then  by  railway. 

Some  enterprising  mountaineers 
have  succeeded  in  going  from  Zermatt 
to  the  huts  of  Chermontane  or  of 
Chanrion  in  a  single  day,  but  it  is 
obvious  that  an  expedition  lying  for 
so  great  a  distance  at  so  high  a  level, 
and  almost  altogether  over  neve,  will 
be  found  practicable  only  under  un- 
usually favourable  circumstances.  In 
1863  Messrs.  E.  N.  Buxton  and  K. 
E.  Digby,  with  Franz  Biner,  achieved 
the  journey  from  the  Z'Mutt  huts,  above 
Zermatt,  to  those  of  Chermontane  in 
a  single  day  of  rather  more  than 
10  hrs.'  walking,  and  in  1876  Mr. 
Girdlestone's  party,  without  guides, 
went  from  Zermatt  itself  to  Chanrion 
in  I2§  hrs.' walking.  This  '  express 
route '  from  Chanrion  leads  over  the 
Otemma  gl.,  the  Col  du  Petit  Mont 
Collon  (3,300  m. ,  10,827  ft. ),  S.  of  the 
Petit  Mont  Collon,  and  the  Col  de 
l'Eveque  to  the  Col  de  Collon,  and 
then  by  the  N.  Col  du  Mont  Brule  to 
the  Col  de  Valpelline  route,  not  far 
from  this  pass,  which  is  traversed  to 
the  Z'Mutt  gl. 

In  this  district  the  best  headquar- 
ters for  mountaineers  are  the  villages 
of  Bourg  St.  Pierre  and  Fionnay, 
whence  the  Velan  and  Combin  ranges 
may  at  present  be  best  explored. 
Some  day,  when  the  Club  hut  at 
Chanrion,  at  the  very  head  of  the 
Val  de  Bagnes,  has  given  place  to  the 


428     PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


small  mountain  inn  long  desired  by 
climbers,  and  when  there  is  a  com- 
panion inn  at  the  By  huts,  above 
Ollomont,  these  spots  will  become  the 
most  frequented  centres  of  the  district. 
There  is  a  Club  hut,  that  of  Panos- 
siere,  on  the  E.  bank  of  the  Corbas- 
siere  gl.,  while  at  the  W.  foot  of 
the  Col  des  Maisons  Blanches  there 
is  a  small  shelter  hut,  built  by  the 
Baileys,  the  Bourg  St.  Pierre  guides. 

Sir  Martin  Conway's  '  Central  Pen- 
nine Alps'  volume  (1890),  in  the 
1  Climbers'  Guides '  series,  gives  much 
useful  information,  but  should  be  sup- 
plemented by  reference  to  more  recent 
articles  published  in  the  various 
Alpine  periodicals. 


Route  A. 

MARTIGNY  TO  AOSTA  BY  THE  GREAT 
ST.  BERNARD. 

Char  road  to  the  Hospice,  and  from 
St.  Re"my  ;  mule  path  (railway  pro- 
jected) from  the  Hospice  to  St.  R£my. 
A  char  should  be  taken  at  least  as 
far  as  Orsieres,  and  from  St.  R£my. 
About  16  hrs. 

This  pass  is  celebrated  for  its 
Hospice,  one  of  the  earliest,  if  not 
quite  the  earliest,  of  its  kind.  But  the 
scenery  is  dull  and  uninteresting,  and 
in  that  respect  the  way  by  the  Val  de 
Bagnes  and  Col  de  Fenetre  (Rte.  E) 
is  infinitely  to  be  preferred. 

From  the  station  at  Martigny 
(§21.  Rte.  A)  the  road  traverses  suc- 
cessively Martig7iy  Ville  and  Mar- 
tigny Bourg  (1  m. ),  and  crosses  the 
Dranse  to  the  lower  houses  {La 
Croix)  of  Martigny  Combe  {\\  m. ), 
beyond  which  (2J  m.  from  Martigny 
Ville),  at  Le  Bivcard,  the  route  over 
the  Col  de  la  Forclaz  (§16.  Rte.  H) 
towards  Chamonix  turns  off  to  the  r. 
The  St.  Bernard  road  follows  the  bend 
of  the  Dranse  in  an  E.  direction,  and 
soon  comes  in  sight  of  the  Catogne 


(2,599  m.,  8,527  ft.),  which  blocks 
the  direct  way  to  Orsieres  and  the  head 
of  the  Dranse  valley.  The  road  and 
the  river  wind  round  its  N.  base. 
About  4  m.  from  Martigny  Ville  a 
char  road  mounts  from  the  hamlet  of 
Les  Valettes  in  \  hr.  to  the  entrance 
of  the  fine  Gorges  du  Durnant,  which 
are  well  worth  visiting. 

[Through  them  lies  the  path  to  the 
lovely  Lac  de  Champex  and  Orsieres, 
a  walk  which  cannot  be  too  highly 
recommended.    See  §  16.  Rte.  I.J 

Soon  after  passing  the  poor  village 
of  Bovernier  the  road  returns  to  the  r. 
bank  of  the  Dranse,    and  proceeds 
through  a  wild  defile  at  the  foot  of  the 
Catogne,  passing  at  one  point  through 
a  tunnel  about  200  ft.  long.  This  part 
of  the  valley  still  exhibits  traces  of 
the  terrible  inundation  of  18 18,  caused 
by  the  advance  of  the  Gietroz  glacier 
(Rte.  E)  ;  and  immediately  beyond 
the  tunnel  the  traveller  may  notice 
the  remains  of  a  convent  (inhabited 
;   by  Trappist  monks  from  1797,  but 
I   originally  a  building  connected  with 
•   some  abandoned  iron  mines)  which 
I   was  destroyed  by  that  flood.  Just 
I  after  the  road  crosses  again  to  the 
j   r.  bank,  and  soon  reaches 

Sembrancher  (720  m.,  2,362  ft.), 
I  9  m.  from  Martigny,  a  poor  village  at 
the  meeting  of  the  E.  branch  of  the 
Dranse,  flowing  from  the  Val  de 
Bagnes,  with  the  W.  branch,  descend- 
ing from  the  Great  St.  Bernard, 
through  the  Val  d*  Entremont.  It 
was  the  birthplace  in  1742  of  M. 
Murith,  later  Prior  of  the  Great 
St.  Bernard,  a  celebrated  botanist, 
!  and  the  first  conqueror  of  the  Velan, 
in  1779. 

[Hence  a  track — of  late  much  im- 
proved— leads  past  Vollege  over  the 
Col  du  Lens,  or  Lin  (1,660  m. , 
5,446  ft.)— where  there  is  now  the 
charmingly-situated  Grand Hdtel  de  la 
Pierre  a  Voir — in  5  hrs.  to  Saxon,  in 
the  Rhone  valley,  §  21.  Rte.  A.J 

The  scenery  hence  to  Liddes  is  pleas- 
ing, but  not  of  a  striking  character. 
■   The  ruins  of  several  castles  are  seen 
I  near  Sembrancher.   In  that  just  above 


ROUTE  A.    MARTIGNY  TO  AOSTA 


429 


the  village  the  Emperor  Sigismond, 
with  his  large  suite,  lodged  in  141 4  on 
his  way  over  the  St.  Bernard  to  the 
Council  of  Bale.  From  Sembrancher 
the  St.  Bernard  road  turns  due  S., 
that  to  the  Val  de  Bagnes  continuing 
towards  the  E.  (Rte.  E.)  The 
Dranse  is  crossed  twice  before  the 
traveller  gains  (13!  miles  from  Mar- 
tigny) 

Orsieres  (890  m.,  2,920  ft.),  the 
chief  village  of  the  valley.  It  stands 
close  to  the  junction  of  the  Dranse  de 
Ferret  with  the  Dranse  d'Entremont, 
and  at  the  meeting  of  the  routes  to 
Courmayeur  by  the  Col  Ferret  (§16. 
Rte.  K),  to  Chamonix  by  the  Lac  de 
Champex(§  16.  Rte.  I),  or  by  the  Orny, 
Saleinaz,  Tour,  and  Argentiere  glaciers 
(§16.  Rtes.  L  and  M),  and  to  Aosta 
by  the  Great  St.  Bernard. 

Throughout  the  lower  part  of  the 
Val  d'Entremont  the  botanist  will  be 
interested  by  observing  the  presence  of 
many  plants  usually  characteristic  of  a 
warm  climate,  along  with  sub-alpine 
species  that  have  descended  from  the 
neighbouring  mountains.  Thus  he 
may  find  Vesicaria  utriculata, 
Ononis  nat7'ix  and  O.  rotundifolia, 
Astragalus  onobrychis,  Vicia  onobry- 
cko'ides,  Caucalis  grandiflora,,  Onosma 
montanum,  Antirrhinum  Bauhini, 
Euphrasia  lutea,  Ca?npamda  bono?ii- 
ensis,  Stipa  capillata,  Bronius 
squarrosus,  and  B.  tectormn,  along 
with  Se??ipervivum  ai'achno'idetim, 
Scutellaria  alpiiia,  Juniper  us  sabina, 
Goodyera  repens,  Poa  alpina,  &c. 

From  Orsieres  the  road  begins 
to  ascend  more  rapidly,  winding  up 
the  E.  slope  of  the  valley,  where  the 
pedestrian  may  make  several  short 
cuts,  to  Liddes,  1,338  m.,  4,390  ft. 
(4!  m. ),  a  village  at  a  considerable  ele- 
vation, though  cultivation  does  not 
seem  to  suffer,  as  the  valley  is 
warm. 

[Hence  the  Col  de  PAzet  or  de  la 
Lana  (3,037  m.,  9,964  ft.)  leads  over 
to  Lourtier,  or  Fionnay,  in  the  Val  de 
Bagnes  ;  or  the  traveller  may  cross  a 
second  pass,  the  Col  des  Avolions, 
to  the  Corbassiere  glacier,  and  may 


even  continue  over  a  third,  the  Col 
des  Otanes,  or  the  Col  de  Botzeresse, 
to  the  inn  at  Mauvoisin.  The  moun- 
taineer will  prefer  to  reach  the  Club 
hut  on  the  r.  bank  of  the  Corbas- 
siere glacier  by  the  Boveyre  glacier 
and  the  Co  I  de  Panosseyre,  2X  its  head 
— a  very  fine  snow  walk  of  7  or 
8  hours,  which  may  just  as  easily 
be  made  from  Bourg  St.  Pierre. 
A  pedestrian  may  vary  the  way  from 
Liddes  to  Bourg  St.  Pierre  by  mount- 
ing the  pastures  between  the  high 
road  and  the  Combe  de  La  on  the 
W.,  taking  the  fine  view  point  of 
the  Mourin  (2,769  m.,  9,085  ft.)  en 
route,  and  may  prolong  his  walk  by 
continuing  up  the  Combe  de  La  to 
the  Col  des  Nevi  de  la  Rossa  (2, 752  m. , 
9,029  ft.),  at  its  head,  and  then  bear- 
ing S.E.  into  the  Planards  glen, 
Rte.  C.J 

The  ascent  continues  rather  steep 
for  the  next  3  miles  or  so  to  Bourg"  St. 
Pierre  (1,633  m->  5,358  ft.),  a  miser- 
able-looking village,  which,  however, 
still  contains  various  records  of  the 
importance  of  the  pass  with  which 
its  history  is  bound  up.  Near  the 
church  is  a  Roman  milestone  of  the 
younger  Constantine.  The  church 
tower  is  very  ancient,  while  the  door 
step  of  the  church  has  a  nearly  effaced 
inscription  recording  the  original 
building  of  the  church  (since  recon- 
structed) by  Bishop  Hugh  of  Geneva 
(1019-1038),  and  an  allusion  to  the 
tenth-century  harryings  of  the  Fraxi- 
netum  Saracens,  after  whose  defeat  it 
was  possible  to  rebuild  the  church. 
The  original  Hospice  of  the  pass  was 
as  early  as  the  ninth  century  in  Bourg 
St.  Pierre,  but  was  transferred  and 
refounded  in  the  eleventh  century  on 
the  crest  of  the  pass  by  St.  Bernard 
of  Menthon.  Napoleon's  sojourn  in 
the  village  in  May  1800,  on  his  way 
over  the  pass,  is  commemorated  by 
the  name  of  the  inn,  4Au  Dejeuner 
de  Napoleon,'  the  room  occupied 
by  him  being  still  shown.  The  large 
house  just  N.W.  of  the  church,  and 
conspicuous  from  its  massive  chimney, 
has  a  large  mediaeval  hall,  with  traces 


430     PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


of  frescoes,  and  *  graffiti '  over  the 
fireplace,  including  the  date  1442. 
Just  outside  the  village,  on  a  hillock 
to  the  L  of  the  road  towards  the  pass, 
is  the  *  Linnaea '  gard  en  of  Alpine 
plants,  established  and  maintained  by 
the  Genevese  '  Societe  pour  la  Pro- 
tection des  Plantes.' 

[Several  pleasant  excursions  and 
ascents  can  be  made  from  Bourg  St. 
Pierre.  The  Mourin  (2,769  m., 
9,085  ft.),  on  the  W.,  and  the  Croix 
de  Tzouss  (2,830  m.,  9,285  ft.),  on  the 
S.  E. ,  can  each  be  gained  in  about  3 
hrs.,  and  command  very  fine  views. 
More  laborious,  though  not  difficult, 
are  the  ascents  of  the  Ritoi'd  (3,568 
m.?  11,707  ft.),  on  theN.W.  (5|  hrs. 
by  the  Challand  d'Amont  huts,  a 
couloir,  and  the  S.E.  rock  face),  the 
Moine  (3,574  m.,  11,726  ft.),  and  the 
Aiguille  des  Maisons  Blanches {3,699 
m.,  12,136  ft.),  each  5  \  hrs.  byway 
of  the  Grand  Combin  shelter  hut, 
gullies,  and  the  main  ridge.  All 
these  peaks  lie  in  the  ridge  which 
forms  the  W.  boundary  of  the  Cor- 
bassiere and  Boveyre  glaciers.  The 
most  direct  route  to  the  Val  de  Bagnes 
is  the  Col  des  Maisons  Blanches,  with 
which  may  be  combined  the  ascent 
of  the  Grand  Combin  (Rte.  F).  But, 
as  the  shelter  hut  on  the  Bourg  St. 
Pierre  side  is  very  poor,  it  is  better  to 
make  that  ascent  from  the  Panossiere 
Club  hut  (2,715  m.,  8,908ft.),  on  the 
r.  bank  of  the  Corbassiere  gl.  ;  this 
may  be  best  reached  in  7  or  8  hrs.  from 
Bourg  St.  Pierre  by  the  fine  and  easy 
snow  pass  of  the  Col  de  Panosseyre 
(c.  3,400  m.,  11,155  ft.),  just  S.W.  of 
the  Combin  de  Corbassiere  (3,722  m., 
12,212  ft.),  which  may  be  climbed 
by  a  detour  of  I J  hr.  ( This  pass  leads 
up  the  Boveyre  gl. ,  and  can  be  directly 
reached  from  Bourg  St.  Pierre  by  the 
Challand  d'Amont  alp,  and  then  by 
the  gap  E.  of  the  Bonhomme  du 
Tzapi,  and  over  the  ridge  between 
the  Ritord  and  the  Merignier. )  The 
chief  ascent  from  Bourg  St.  Pierre,  the 
Mont  Velan,  3.765  m.,  12,353  ft. 
(6  hrs.),  is  described  in  Rte.  D,  while 
the  various  passes  to  the  Swiss  Val 


Ferret,  the  Valpelline,  and  the  Chan- 
rion  Club  hut  are  the  subject  of 
Rtes.  C,  D,  and  G.J 

Above  Bourg  St.  Pierre  the  road 
crosses  a  deep  gorge  through  which 
the  torrent  from  the  Valsorey  (forming 
a  little  higher  up  a  fine  waterfall) 
descends  to  join  the  Dranse,  and  then 
mounts,  being  partly  cut  in  the  rock, 
by  a  gradual  ascent  at  a  great  height 
above  the  Dranse  to  a  stony  little 
plain,  on  which  stands  the  humble  inn 
called  Cantine  de  Proz,  1,802  m., 
:   5,912  ft.  (3|  m.) 

[From   the   further   end   of  this 
!   plain  an  old  road  leads   up  by  a 
series  of  zigzags  to  the  entrance  of 
a  tunnel  (2,324  m.,  7,625  ft.)  which 
;  pierces  the  ridge  between  Switzerland 
and  Italy,  below  the  Col  de  Menouve 
i   {2,y6S  m. ,  9,082  ft. )   By  this  means  it 
was  hoped  to  avoid  the  steep  descent 
I  from  the  Hospice  to  St.  Remy,  but 
financial  obstacles  prevented  the  com- 
!  pletion  of  this  project.    The  Col  de 
Menouve  leads  over  into  the  bare 
i  glen  of  the  same  name,  which  joins 
the  Buthier  valley  at  Etroubles.  The 
pass  may  be  reached  by  slopes  of 
stones  in  1  hr.  from  the  Swiss  mouth 
of  the  tunnel,  and  the  Pic  de  Menouve 
(3,055  m.,  10,023  ft.)  gained  in  an 
:  hour  more.    But  a  mountaineer  will 
;   probably  prefer  to   take  the  Mont 
j  Velan  on   the  way  to  Aosta  rather 
I   than  this  unfrequented  and  not  very 

interesting  pass.  J 
I      The  road  having  traversed  the  plain 
I   of  Proz  mounts  by  zigzags  in  a  S.  direc- 
tion up  rugged,  but  not  very  steep, 
I  slopes.  The  scenery  is  rather  wild  than 
I  grand,  as  the  way  lies  through  the 
j   gloomy  Combe  des  Moris,  which  is  for 
'   the  most  part  shut  in  by  rocks,  inter- 
spersed with  patches  of  snow.  A 
1   wayside  cross  marks  the  spot  where 
one  of  the  Canons  and  three  servants 
I  perished  in  an  avalanche  in  Novem- 
;   ber  1854.     The  most  considerable 
snow  patch,  lying  in  a  hollow  where 
it  scarcely  ever  melts,  is  passed,  and 
a  few  minutes  later  the  traveller  finds 
himself  on   the  crest   of  the  pass 
j   (1J-2  hrs.  from  the   Cantine),  and 


ROUTE  A.    MARTIGNY  TO  AO  ST  A 


43i 


close  to  the  Hospice  of  the  Great  St. 
Bernard  (2,472  m.,  8,111  ft.) 

The  pass  is  a  depression  between 
theChenalette(2,889  m.,  9,479  ft. )  and 
the  Mont  Mort  (2,866  m.,  9,403  ft.), 
and  is  directed  N.E.  and  S.W. 
The  massive  stone  building  is  there- 
fore exposed  to  the  full  force  of  the 
wind  from  these  opposite  quarters, 
while  partially  sheltered  in  other  direc- 
tions. It  consists  of  stabling  and 
storehouses  on  the  ground  floor  ;  the 
first  floor  is  occupied  by  various  offices 
and  the  Chapel,  while  on  the  second 
floor  are  the  refectory,  the  drawing- 
room,  and  the  rooms  in  which  about 
80  tourists  can  be  lodged.  An 
adjoining  house,  the  Hotel  St. 
Louis,  is  chiefly  intended  as  a  refuge 
in  case  of  need,  the  Hospice  having 
twice  been  partially  destroyed  by  fire. 
Near  at  hand  is  the  Morgue,  a  low 
building,  the  ghastly  contents  of 
which  may  be  inspected  through  a 
grated  window.  Here  the  bodies  of 
persons  who  have  perished  on  the 
pass  are  kept  until  claimed  by  their 
relatives.  At  this  height  the  dryness 
of  the  air  and  the  severe  cold  cause 
the  bodies  to  shrivel  without  decom- 
position. But  the  introduction  of  the 
telephone,  by  which  the  news  of  the 
departure  of  travellers  in  winter  is  sent 
up  to  the  Hospice,  has  saved  many 
lives,  since  if  the  adventurers  do  not 
arrive  at  the  proper  time  they  are  at 
once  sought  for. 

To  attempt  a  sketch  of  the  history 
of  the  pass  and  of  the  Hospice  from 
the  time  of  the  Celtic  Veragri,  who 
may  have  built  a  temple  here,  to  that 
of  the  passage  of  Napoleon's  army  in 
May,  1800,  does  not  enter  into  the 
plan  of  this  work.  The  site  of  the 
Roman  temple  of  Jupiter  Penninus 
(from  which  the  pass  took  its  mediaeval 
name  of  Mons  Jovis,  or  Montjoux) 
is  still  marked  by  steps  cut  into  the 
rock>  but  no  part  of  the  building 
remains.  Many  inscriptions  and  other 
objects  of  interest  have  been  found 
here,  and  are  preserved  in  the  Museum 
in  the  Hospice.  The  original  Hospice 
was  at  Bourg  St.  Pierre,  but  possibly  I 


even  before  the  Saracen  raids  in  the 
tenth  century  had  been  transferred  to 
the  summit  of  the  pass.  At  any  rate  it 
was  refounded  there  in  the  eleventh  cen- 
tury by  St.  Bernard  of  Menthon  (above 
the  Lake  ofAnnecy,  §11.  Rte.  E), 
and  since  the  twelfth  century  has  been 
in  the  charge  of  a  community  of  Austin 
Canons  Regular.  This  is  composed 
of  about  forty  members,  ten  or  twelve 
being  stationed  here  all  the  year  round, 
while  others  reside  (since  the  early 
part  of  the  nineteenth  century)  at  the 
Hospice  on  the  Simplon.  The  mother 
house  is  at  Martigny,  and  here  live 
the  Provost  and  those  of  the  Canons 
whose  health  no  longer  allows  them 
to  face  the  severe  Alpine  winters,  a 
result  which  commonly  happens  after 
twelve  to  fifteen  years'  residence  on 
the  St.  Bernard.  The  number  of 
persons  who  annually  cross  the  pass 
is  estimated  at  25,000,  a  very  large 
proportion  of  whom  are  poor  Italian 
workmen,  who  migrate  in  the  spring 
and  return  home  in  the  autumn.  The 
vast  majority  of  the  passers-by  are  fed 
and  sheltered  gratuitously,  and  no 
demand  is  made  from  the  traveller 
for  pleasure,  despite  the  superior  way 
in  which  he  is  entertained  ;  but  it  is 
understood  that  those  who  can  afford 
it  should  give  at  least  as  much  as  they 
would  pay  in  an  ordinary  hotel.  Such 
offerings  should  be  placed  in  the  box 
provided for  that  purpose  in  the  Chapel. 
The  property  of  the  community  has 
been  very  much  reduced  during  the 
present  century,  and  their  means  of  re- 
lieving poor  travellers  proportionately 
diminished,  so  that  well-to-do  passers- 
by  should  not  fail  to  remember  to 
make  a  suitable  offering,  the  whole 
amount  of  which  is  expended  on 
charitable  purposes.  At  present 
travellers  are  only  allowed  to  spend 
one  night  at  the  Hospice,  unless  in 
special  cases,  and  provisions  for 
mountain  expeditions  are  not  sup- 
plied, while  breakfast  cannot  be 
obtained  till  after  mass  is  over,  about 
6  A.M.  There  is  a  telegraph  (on  the 
Swiss  side  only),  and  also  a  Post  Office 
and  a  telephone.     Visitors  are  re- 


432     PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


ceived  by  the  Clavandier,  or  Bursar 
(representing  the  Prior),  but  the  table 
is  laid  in  a  separate  room  for  ladies 
and  gentlemen  travelling  in  their  com- 
pany.   The  food  is  plain,  but  quite 
sufficient,  while  the  beds  are  clean 
and  as  comfortable  as  can  be  expected 
in  so  exposed  a  situation.  Travellers 
all   acknowledge   the   courtesy  and 
attention  with  which  they  are  received. 
The  albums,  containing  the  names  of 
many  distinguished  persons,  a  con- 
siderable assortment  of  books,  a  piano 
presented  by  the  Prince  of  Wales, 
some  collections  of  natural  history, 
including  the  plants  and  minerals  of 
the  neighbourhood,  and  the  Museum, 
will  help  to  pass  the  time  in  case  of 
detention   by   bad   weather.  The 
traveller  will,  of  course,  notice  the 
celebrated  dogs,  some  of  which  are 
often  about  the  entrance.    They  are 
very  powerful  animals  and  of  mixed 
race,  but  suitable  for  rescuing  travellers 
in  winter  time,   when  confused  by 
storms  and  impeded  by  snow  drifts.  At 
such  times  (especially  if  a  telephone 
message  has  been  received)  two  or 
three  of  the  servants,  or  'maronniers,' 
descend  daily,  with  dogs,  on  either  side 
of  the  pass,  in  order  to  assist  any  who 
may  be  forced  to  make  the  passage  at 
that  season.  Irrespective  of  its  primary 
mission  of  charity  the  community  has 
incidentally  performed  some  sendees 
to  the  cause  of  natural  science,  especi- 
ally by  the  maintenance  (since  1817) 
of  a  regular  series  of  meteorological 
observations.     These  were  formerly 
very  useful   to   persons  engaged  in 
hypsometrical  enquiries  in  the  High 
Alps,  the  need  of  which  has  been 
superseded  by  the  work  of  the  various 
Government  surveyors.      The  mean 
temperature  of  the  year  at  the  PIos- 
pice  is  29-3°  Fahr.   The  greatest  cold 
recorded  is  said  to  be  —  290  (in  1854), 
and  the  greatest  heat  68°  (in  1837). 
The  snow  usually  lies  unmelted  for 
nine  months,    but  there  have  been 
seasons   when   not   a   week  passed 
without  fresh  snow.      The  average 
snowfall  is  about  15  ft. 

[For  those  who  spend  a  fine  after- 


!  noon  or  morning  at  the  Hospice  the 
ascent  of  the  Chenalette  (2,889  m., 
9,479  ft.),  or  of  the  Mont  Mort 
(2,866  m.,  9,403  ft.),  is  recommended, 
I  either  being  accessible  in  about  I  hr. 
The  view  of  the  range  of  Mont  Blanc 
well  rewards  the  slight  trouble  of  the 
ascent.  More  distant  are  the  Pic  de 
Dronaz,  2,949  m->  9)676  ft.  (2jhrs. ), 
and  the  Pain  de  Sucre,  2,792  m., 
9,160  ft.  (3  hrs. ),  from  the  latter  of 
I  which  an  easy  ridge  leads  in  another 
hour  to  the  higher  RIont  Fourchons 
(2,900  m.,  9,515  ft.)  It  is  more  con- 
venient to  ascend  the  Velan  (the 
I  highest  rocks  of  which,  though  not  the 
:  highest  snowy  summit,  are  seen  from 
the  Hospice)  from  Bourg  St.  Pierre, 
or  from  the  Cantine  de  Proz,  than  from 
the  Hospice.  For  the  passes  and 
peaks  between  the  Hospice  and  Cour- 
mayeur  or  Aosta  see  Rte.  B."| 

On  the  WT.  side  the  Hospice  over- 
looks a  small  lake  (through  which 
runs  the  political  frontier),  beyond 
which,  framed  between  two  points, 
the  conical  summit  of  the  Pain  de 
Sucre  is  conspicuous. 

A  column  by  the  side  of  the  lake 
marks  the  frontier,  and  the  foot  path 
(the  mule  path  makes  a  round  to  the 
r. )  soon  begins  to  descend  rapidly, 
winding  round  the  mountain-side  to 
the  1.  A  view  towards  the  S.  gradually 
opens  before  the  eyes  of  the  traveller, 
who  once  again  sees  trees  and  cultiva- 
tion. In  a  green  basin  of  the  Alpine 
pastures  is  the  Vacherie,  where  the 
convent  cows  are  kept  in  summer, 
and  a  Cantine.  The  botanist,  who 
will  find  near  the  Hospice  many  of 
the  characteristic  species  of  the  High 
Alps,  and  some  rarities,  e.g.  Carex 
microstylla,  may  gather  several  uncom- 
mon plants  on  his  way  down  towards 
St.  Remy,  especially Pedicularis  atro- 
rubens,  and  some  scarce  lichens.  The 
descent  from  the  Vacherie  is  rather 
steep,  by  a  series  of  zigzags,  to  the 
poor  village  (with  the  Italian  custom 
house)  of  St.  Remy  [\\  hr.  from  the 
Hospice),  1,632  m.,  5,355  ft.  Those 
who  carry  more  than  a  small  number 
i   of  cigars  wil  do  well  to  declare  them. 


ROUTE  B.    GT.  ST.  BERNARD  HOSPICE  TO  COURMAYEUR  433 


as  the  regulations  are  very  strict. 
(This  is  the  best  starting  point  for  the 
ascents  of  the  Mont  Fallere,  &c.,  and 
for  several  passes  in  the  direction  of 
Courmayeur  and  Aosta.  See  Rtes. 
B  and  C. ) 

The  traveller  acts  wisely  to  hire  a 
char  here  for  the  descent  to  Aosta, 
as  the  valley  is  hot  and  steep.  The 
change  in  vegetation  is  very  rapid, 
particularly  after  passing  St.  Oyen  and 
Etroubles,  and  reaching  Gignod.  The 
last-named  village  is  above  the  junction 
of  the  main  stream  of  the  Buthier, 
flowing  from  the  Valpelline,  with  the 
lesser  branch  coming  from  the  Combe 
des  Bosses.  The  fine  chestnut  trees, 
and  the  richness  of  the  trellised  vines, 
contrasted  with  the  snowy  summits 
of  the  Valpelline,  and  of  the  Cogne 
group,  form  pictures  of  extreme  beauty  . 
A  little  farther  on  the  traveller  gains 
his  first  view  of  the  enchanting  little 
city  (at  the  foot  of  the  Becca  di  Nona 
and  the  Mont  Emilius)  of  Aosta  (de- 
scribed in  §  15.  Rte  A.  which  is 
3J-4  hrs.'  walking  (iJ-2  hrs.  in  a 
char)  from  St.  Remy. 


Route  B. 

GREAT     ST.    BERNARD     HOSPICE  TO 
COURMAYEUR. 

In  descending  by  the  usual  road 
from  the  Great  St.  Bernard  Hospice 
towards  Aosta  the  traveller  has  on  his 
right  hand  a  range  running  from  N.  E. 
to  S.W.,  of  which  the  highest  sum- 
mit is  the  Grande  Rochere  (3,326  m., 
10,913  ft.)  This  ridge  separates  him 
from  the  Italian  Val  Ferret,  while 
facing  him  another  ridge,  running 
nearly  due  E.  and  W.,  and  crowned 
by  the  Mont  Fallere  (3,062  m., 
10,046  ft.),  shuts  him  off  from  the 
valley  of  Aosta.  The  glen  lying 
between  the  two  ranges  is  called  the 
Combe  des  Bosses.  It  is  traversed  by 
1. 


a  branch  of  the  Buthier,  which  flows 
E, ,  and  joins,  beneath  Gignod,  the 
main  branch  of  that  torrent,  descend- 
ing from  the  Valpelline  on  the  N.  E. ; 
the  united  streams,  after  draining  the 
S.  side  of  the  Central  Pennine  Alps, 
merge  in  the  Dora  Baltea  (to  which 
it  gives  its  name,  for  Buthier  becomes 
Baltea  through  the  form  'Bauthe- 
gium '),  under  the  walls  of  Aosta. 
There  are,  therefore,  several  direct 
ways  from  the  Hospice  or  St.  Remy 

I  to  Courmayeur,  thus  enabling  a  tra- 
veller to  avoid  the  great  detour  by 
Aosta.  They  are  briefly  indicated 
here3  as  they  -  may  tempt  mountain- 
eers to  explore  a  little-visited  bit  of 
the  Alpine  chain  whence  the  views 

I   of  the  Mont  Blanc  are  exceedingly 

!  grand. 

I  I.  Over  Peaks. — In  the  ranges  just 
mentioned  there  are  three  conspicuous 
summits,  any  of  which  can  be  taken 
on  the  way  from  the  Hospice  to  Cour- 
mayeur. The  loftiest  is  the  Grande 
Rochere  (3,326  m.,  10,913  ft.),  which 
therefore  commands  a  most  magnifi- 
cent view.  It  is  best  reached  from 
the  Hospice  by  the  steep  rocks  of  its 
E.  face,  the  foot  of  which  may  be 
gained  by  the  route  of  the  Col  Serena 
(2.  c.  below).  The  descent  is  made 
by  a  couloir,  or  ridge  coming  straight 
from  the  top,  to  the  head  of  the 
Chambave  glen,  whence  Courmayeur 
is  reached  either  by  the  Cols  de 
Chambave  and  de  Chappy,  or  by 
descending  the  Chambave  glen,  and 
then  the  lower  bit  of  the  Planavalle 
valley  to  Morgex,  4  m.  below  Cour- 
mayeur, on  the  high  road  from 
Aosta.  The  Grand  Golliaz  (3,240  m., 
10,630  ft.)  may  be  attained  in  6  hrs. 
from  the  Hospice  by  way  of  the 
Col  de  St.  Remy  and  the  small  glacier 
at  the  head  of  the  Thoula  branch  of 
the  Combe  des  Bosses  ;  but  it  is 
shorter  to  ascend  it  by  its  S.W.  arete 
in  3§  hrs.  from  the  highest  huts  in  the 
Italian  Val  Ferret.  It  is  reported 
that  the  rocks  of  the  E.  face  are  good, 
and  that  by  moderately  steep  snow 
gullies  the  glacier  at  its  N.  foot  could 
be  gained  from  the  summit.  The  at- 
F  F 


434      PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


tempt  is  worth  making,  as  the  moun- 
tain is  a  belvedere  of  the  first  class. 
The  Mont  Fallere  ( 3 , 062  m. ,  1  o ,  046  ft . ) 
is  most  easily  attained  from  St.  Remy 
by  the  Frassin  glen,  and  the  Co  lie 
Finestra  at  its  head.  Aosta  may  be 
gained  in  4  hrs.  from  the  top  by  a 
path  which  leads  down  to  the  Regina 
Margherita  Club  hut  (2,969  m., 
9,741  ft.),  whence  a  mule  path  de- 
scends through  the  Clusata  or  Clusella 
glen  to  Sarre,  3  m.  from  the  city  of 
Aosta.  If  bound  for  Courmayeur 
direct  the  mountaineer  should  from 
the  Lac  des  Moris  (2,642  m. ,  8,668  ft. ), 
below  the  peak,  bear  always  to  the 
S.W.,  and  cross  first  the  Passo  di 
Paletta  (2,712  m.,  8,898  ft.)  to  the 
beautiful  Vertosan  glen,  and  then  the 
Col  de  Bar  to  La  Salle ,  just  above  the 
high  road,  6\  m.  below  Courmayeur. 

2.  By  Passes. — The  traveller  has 
quite  a  bewildering  variety  of  passes 
from  which  to  make  a  selection. 

{a)  Col  de  Fenstre.—  The  way  is 
pretty  well  traced,  as  it  is  daily  tra- 
versed in  summer  by  the  mules  em- 
ployed to  carry  wood  from  the  Swiss 
Val  Ferret  to  the  Hospice.  It  winds 
round  to  the  W. ,  then  N.W.,  to  the 
pass  (2,699  m-j  8,855  ft.),  reached  in 
little  more  than  1  hr.  from  the  Hos- 
pice. The  descent  lies  over  high 
broken  ground,  passes  near  some 
small  tarns,  and  descends  to  the  Pla?i 
la  CAaud  huts,  joining  the  Col  Ferret 
path  some  way  above  the  Swiss  Ferret 
huts,  which  are  3-3 J  hrs.  from  the 
Hospice.  (A  short  cut  to  the  1.  or 
W.  may  be  taken  from  the  Plan  la 
Chaud  huts  by  crossing  first  the  Ban 
d'Arrey  stream  by  means  of  a  bridge, 
and  later  forcing  a  passage  somewhere 
over  that  from  the  Col  Ferret,  in 
order  to  gain  the  path  to  that  pass. ) 
The  Col  Ferret  is  reached  in  about 
5  hrs.  from  the  Hospice,  and  the  de- 
scent thence  to  Courmayeur  takes 
3|-4hrs.  (§16.  Rte.  K.)  The  advan- 
tage of  this  route  consists  in  the  fine 
view  of  the  range  of  Mont  Blanc 
which  is  obtained  from  the  Col  Ferret. 
It  may  also  serve  to  vary  the  way 
back  to  Martigny  for  a  traveller  who 


has  mounted  thence  to  the  Hospice, 
and  would  return  into  Switzerland. 
It  is,  however,  a  shorter  and  finer 
excursion  for  any  one  bound  to  Cour- 
mayeur to  mount  direct  from  the  Plan 
la  Chaud  huts  in  a  S.  direction  and 
cross  the  Col  du  Ban  d'Arrey  (2,695  m-  > 
8,842  ft.)  to  the  highest  huts  in  the 
Italian  Val  Ferret. 

(b)  Col  de  Chapy,  Col  de  Malatra, 
and  Col  de  St.  Rimy. — This  is  the 
most  direct,  though  scarcely  the  short- 
est route.  The  Col  de  Chapy  (for- 
merly called  Col  de  Sapin),  gained  in 
2  hrs.  from  Courmayeur,  lies  at  the 
head  of  the  Chapy  glen,  across  a 
grassy  ridge,  and  may  be  reached  by 
a  mule.  Keeping  nearly  due  E.  from 
the  Col,  but  descending  a  little,  the 
traveller  passes  in  \  hr.  the  Secheron 
hut,  where  the  mule  path  comes  to 
an  end.  He  must  then  traverse  a 
slight  ridge,  long  slopes  of  stones, 
and  patches  of  snow  in  a  N.W.  di- 
rection, in  order  to  gain  (2  hrs.  from 
the  hut)  the  Col  de  Malatra  (formerly 
called  Arteneva),  2,928  m.,  9,607  ft., 
a  mere  notch  in  the  black  rocky 
ridge  dividing  the  Italian  Val  Ferret 
I  from  the  Combe  des  Bosses. 

[This  pass  overlooks  one  of  the  tri- 
|   butary  glens  of  the  Bosses  valley,  and 
by  that  way  St.  Remy  may  be  reached 
\   in  2  hrs.    j  hr.  N.  of  the  pass  is  the 
i    Col  de  Bellecombe,  which  is  attained 
i   from  Courmayeur  by  following  the 
Col  Ferret  route  (§  16.  Rte.  K)  as  far 
as  the  Gnietta  huts,  and  then  going 
up  the  Bellecombe  glen,  the  route  on 
the  other  side  soon  joining  that  from 
the  Col  de  Malatra.   This  route  saves 
one  pass  on  the  way  to  the  Hospice, 
but  involves  a  great  detour.] 

From  the  Col  de  Malatra  the  tra- 
veller bound  for  the  Hospice  must 
descend  by  snow  slopes  to  the  Muerda 
chalets  (-J  hr. ),  and  then  reascend 
over  slopes  of  shale  and  snow  to  the 
Col  de  St.  Remy  (f  hr. ),  whence  the 
Hospice  is  reached  either  by  the 
Cantine  (2  hrs.)  or  by  a  shorter  path 
to  the  1.  round  the  hill-side.  About 
7-J-- 8  hrs.  suffice  for  the  whole  distance 
from  Courmayeur  to  the  Hospice. 


ROUTE  C.    BOURG  ST.   PIERRE  TO  COURMAYEUR  435 


(c)  Col  Serena. — This  way  passes 
through  the  Combe  des  Bosses  and 
is  not  very  interesting,  but  it  is  the 
easiest  way  from  the  Hospice  to  Cour- 
mayeur,  taking  from  7  to  9  hrs. ,  ac- 
cording to  the  precise  route  adopted. 
The  shortest  course  for  a  pedestrian  is 
to  follow  a  path  which  turns  to  the 
r.  close  to  the  Vacherie  of  the 
Hospice,  and  winds  round  the  moun- 
tain slopes  to  the  chalet  at  the  foot 
of  the  final  ascent  to  the  pass,  where 
it  joins  the  regular  track.  This  is  a 
considerable  short  cut,  as  by  it  Cour- 
mayeur  may  be  gained  by  a  good 
walker  in  7  hrs.  from  the  Hospice, 
but  it  is  fatiguing  and  requires  a  local 
guide. 

The  ordinary  route,  which  is  pass- 
able for  mules,  descends  as  far  as  St. 
Remy,  on  the  way  to  Aosta.  '  You 
there  take  the  road  to  the  r.  to 
San  Leonardo,  the  principal  hamlet 
in  the  Combe  des  Bosses,  then  go 
through  fields  for  J  hr. ,  and  so  arrive 
at  the  foot  of  the  Col.  Half  an  hours 
ascent  through  a  pine  forest  brings 
you  to  the  last  chalet.  Here,  instead 
of  following  a  road  to  the  r. ,  go 
up  the  mountain  slope  by  a  steep 
zigzag  path  immediately  behind  the 
chalet,  and  \\  hr.'s  good  walking  will 
land  you  on  the  top  of  the  pass 
(2,538  m.,  8,327  ft.)  The  scenery  is 
very  wild,  especially  towards  the  N. 
and  N.W. ,  offering  a  great  contrast 
to  the  beautifully  cultivated  valley  of 
Aosta,  which  shortly  afterwards  comes 
into  view.'  After  passing  the  Rantin 
huts  the  path  goes  down  the  Plana- 
valle  glen  to  Mo7-ge  (just  above  this 
hamlet  the  first  view  of  the  Aosta  val- 
ley is  gained ;  it  is,  however,  shorter 
to  leave  Morge  \  m.  on  the  1.  hand), 
whence  it  is  f  hr.  by  a  stony  path  to 
Morgex,  4  m.  below  Courmayeur  on 
the  high  road  from  Aosta  (§  14. 
Rte.  G).  In  all  about  9  hrs.  are 
required  by  this  route  from  the  Hos- 
pice. The  Serena  abounds  in  ptar- 
migan and  chamois.  From  the  pass 
it  is  easy  to  bear  N.W.  towards  the 
Grande  Rochere  (see  1.  above). 


Route  C. 

BOURG  ST.   PIERRE   TO  COURMAYEUR. 

Instead  of  going  up  to  the  Hospice 
a  traveller  bound  for  Courmayeur 
may  go  direct  from  Bourg  St.  Pierre 
to  Courmayeur  by  several  routes. 

1.  By  the  Col  des  Planards. — The 
earlier  explorers  of  the  so-called  High- 
Level  Route  between  Chamonix  and 
Zermatt  left  a  break  in  the  direct  line 
from  one  of  those  places  to  the  other 
for  want  of  a  convenient  pass  which 
should  connect  the  La  Fouly  huts,  in 
the  Swiss  Val  Ferret,  with  Bourg  St. 
Pierre.  The  desired  passage  was 
i  effected  by  Mr.  F.  W.  Jacomb  in 
!  1864.  Irrespective  of  its  value  to 
those  who,  having  crossed  the  Col 
d'Argentiere  to  La  Fouly,  wish  to 
continue  their  way  towards  Zermatt 
without  descending  to  Orsieres,  this 
pass  is  convenient  for  a  traveller 
;  going  from  the  valley  of  the  Dranse 
to  Courmayeur. 

Mr.    Jacomb   on    leaving  Bourg 
I   St.  Pierre  followed  the  road  towards 
the  Hospice  for  J  hr.,  and  at  the 
1   second  bridge  (the  bridge  next  above 
the  first  stone  one  is  the  best)  turned 
;   W.S.W.  into  the  Planards  glen,  into 
;  which  a  well-marked  path  leads  to 
I  the  Planards  huts.    At  the  head  of 
S   the  glen,  keeping  somewhat  to  the 
N.    slopes,   the   Col  des  Planards 
(2,803  m. ,  9,197  ft.)  was  reached  in 
I  less   than  2  hrs.    from   Bourg  St, 
Pierre.      To    the    E.    the  Grand 
:   Combin,  with   its  attendant  peaks, 
i   presents  a  noble  picture,  while  in  the 
opposite  direction  the   Grandes  Jo- 
|   rasses    tower    grandly    above  the 
minor    aiguilles    that   flank   it  and 
conceal  Mont  Blanc  himself.  Bear- 
ing slightly  to   the  1.,  and  passing 
rather    above    the   Ars    huts,  Mr. 
Jacomb   reached   the   Swiss  Ferret 
chalets  in  less  than  an  hour  from  the 
Col.    The  traveller  bound  for  Cour- 
mayeur may   thus   attain   the  Col 
Ferret  in  about  the  same  time  as 
from  Orsieres. 

The  lowest  point  in  the  ridge  at 
the  head  of  the  Planards  glen  is  that 

F  F  2 


436      PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


marked  2,736  m.  (8,977  on  the 
Siegfried  map,  and  is  considerably  to 
the  S.  of  the  pass  just  described.  But  its 
W.  side  is  steep,  so  that  it  is  less  useful 
as  a  pass  than  Mr.  Jacomb's  Col.  If 
it  be  taken  it  is  best,  on  the  W.  side, 
to  traverse  immediately  to  the  1., 
and  nearly  at  a  level,  over  loose 
stones,  and  so  to  pass  E.  of  the 
Grand  C locker  oTArpalle,  and  then  to 
the  r.  of  the  first  of  the  Fenetre 
lakes,  beyond  which  the  Col  Ferret 
path  is  joined.  From  this  S.  Col  the 
Drdnaz,  2,954  m.,  9,692  ft.  (splen- 
did panorama)  may  be  climbed  in 
about  an  hour.  This  point,  some- 
times called  Pointe  des  Lacerandes, 
or  des  Monts  Telliers,  must  not  be 
confounded  with  the  lower  Pic  de 
Dronaz  (2,949  m->  95676  ft.),  farther 
to  the  S.  and  nearer  the  Hospice. 

2.  By  the  Mourin. — A  traveller 
wishing  to  spend  more  time  on  the 
way  will  do  well  to  ascend  S.W. 
from  Bourg  St.  Pierre  by  the  Forgnon 
pastures  to  the  top  of  the  Motirin 
(2,769  m.,  9,085  ft.),  a  very  fine 
belvedere.  He  can  then  go  S.  over 
pastures  to  the  Planards  glen.  But  it  is 
better  to  traverse  the  Col  de  la  Chaud  de 
Forgnon  (2,626m. ,  8,6 1 6 ft. )  on  the  W. 
to  the  Combe  de  La  (which  descends 
to  Liddes,  and  also,  by  way  of  the 
Tour  de  Bavon,  gives  access  to 
Orsieres),  and  then  from  the  head  of 
that  valley  to  cross  by  the  little- 
known  Col  des  Nevi  de  la  Rossa 
(2,752  m.,  9,029  ft.)  to  the  Ars  and 
Ferret  huts. 


Route  D. 

BOURG  ST.  PIERRE  TO  AOSTA  BY  THE 
COL  DE  VALSOREY.  ASCENT  OF  THE 
MONT  v£LAN. 

Just  S.E.  of  Bourg  St.  Pierre 
there  opens  a  glen,  called  the  Valsorey, 
through  which  many  passes  lead  in 
different  directions.  On  the  N.  E.  the 


Col  des  Maisons  Blanches  (Rte.  F) 
gives  access  to  the  Corbassiere  gl. 
and  Fionnay  ;  on  the  E.  the  Col  du 
Sonadon  (Rte.  G)  offers  a  direct 
route  to  Chanrion,  while  on  the  S. 
the  Col  de  Valsorey  affords  the  best 
way  to  Aosta,  particularly  as  the 
Velan  can  be  included  in  the  day's 
walk,  while  the  night  may  be  spent 
at  the  By  chalets,  and  the  Grand 
Combin  ascended  thence  next  day. 

A  first  glance  at  the  map  suggests 
that  the  Col  du  Sonadon  is  the  most 
deeply  cut  depression  in  the  ridge 
between  the  Grand  Combin  and  the 
Velan.  In  reality  the  great  spur,  of 
which  the  Velan  is  the  culminating 
point,  detaches  itself  from  the  main 
ridge  at  the  Amianthe  (3,600  m., 
11,812  ft.),  just  S.  of  the  Col  du 
Sonadon,  but  is  separated  by  a  long 
series  of  rocky  peaks  from  the  lowest 
depression  in  the  ridge  between  the 
Combin  and  the  Velan — the  Col  de 
Valsorey  (3,113  m.,  10,214ft.)  Two 
glaciers  descend  from  the  Velan  in  a 
N.  direction,  and  are  divided  by  a 
great  buttress  crowned  by  the  Mont 
de  la  Gouille  (3,223  m.,  10,575  ft.) 
That  on  the  W.  of  this  buttress  is 
the  Tzeudet  gl.,  and  that  on  the 
E.  is  the  Valsorey  glacier.  It  is  up 
the  latter  that  one  of  the  routes  to 
the  Velan  leads,  as  well  as  the  way  to 
the  Col  de  Valsorey.  This  pass  has 
been  long  known  to  smugglers,  who 
frequently  cross  it,  as  it  offers  no  real 
difficulties.  The  first  travellers  who 
are  known  to  have  traversed  it  are 
Messrs.  Adams-Reilly  and  C.  E. 
Mathews,  in  1866. 

The  path  from  Bourg  St.  Pierre 
runs  above  the  r.  bank  of  the 
Valsorey  torrent  to  the  Upper  Val- 
sorey chalets,  2,192  m.,  7,192  ft. 
(if  hr. )  Just  above  these  huts  a 
projecting  rock  appears  to  bar  the 
way.  The  herdsmen  have,  however, 
cut  a  track  up  it,  and  in  this  way  the 
Grands  Flans  slopes  above  are  at- 
tained. Opposite,  at  the  N.  foot  of 
the  Mont  de  la  Gouille,  there  for- 
merly existed  a  curious  glacier  lake, 
the  Gouille  a  Vassu,  or  de  Valsorey  ; 


ROUTE  D.    BOURG  ST.  PIERRE  TO  AOSTA 


437 


it  was  described  by  Saussure 
(  Voyages,  chapt.  xlv. ),  but  has  dis- 
appeared since  1879,  owing  to  the 
shrinking  of  the  glaciers.  The  way 
towards  the  Col  du  Sonadon  lies  to 
the  E.  ;  but  for  the  Col  de  Valsorey 
the  traveller  must  bear  S.E.  and 
gain  the  moraine  on  the  r.  bank 
of  the  Valsorey  gl.  (a  long  hour  from 
the  huts).  A  large  hole  through  one 
of  the  nearer  peaks — thence  called 
Mont  Perce — is  very  noticeable.  The 
lower  portion  of  this  glacier  is  very 
level  and  is  easily  traversed.  Above, 
there  is  a  steep  ice  or  snow  slope,  which 
may  take  some  time  to  cut  up.  It  is 
best  to  keep  on  the  E.  of  the  steepest 
bit,  which,  in  case  of  necessity,  can 
be  turned  by  easy  rocks  still  further 
E.  The  pass  (3,113  m.,  10,214  ft.) 
lies  just  S.W.  of  the  point  called 
Mont  Capucin  (3,270  m.,  10,729  ft.) 
on  the  Siegfried  map,  but  locally 
the  Trots  Freres  (a  far  more  appro- 
priate name,  as  it  consists  of  three 
bold  rock  pinnacles),  and  may  be 
reached  in  hrs.  or  less  from  Bourg 
St.  Pierre.  The  three  rock  pinnacles 
of  Mont  Capucin  assume  very  fan- 
tastic shapes,  and  the  Combin,  oppo- 
site, is  extremely  grand,  while  the 
traveller  is  surprised  to  see  the  city 
of  Aosta  through  the  Ollomont  gorge, 
backed  by  the  Cogne  peaks. 

[If  it  is  wished  to  climb  the  Velan 
on  the  way  over  the  Col,  it  is  best  to 
skirt  round  the  N.  W.  base  of  the  minor 
summits  S.W.  of  the  pass  to  the 
snow  slopes  above  the  upper  icefall 
of  the  Valsorey  gl.,  or  the  knap- 
sacks may  be  left  at  the  foot  of  the 
steep  snow  slope  encountered  in 
mounting  direct  to  the  Col.  J 

The  descent  on  the  Italian  side  is 
very  easy.  Broken  rocks,  followed 
by  snow  or  stone  slopes  (according  to 
the  season),  lead  down  in  \  h.  or  so 
to  the  pastures  at  the  head  of  the 
Val  d'Ollomont.  The  chalets  of  By, 
on  the  S.E.  (see  below),  are  gained 
in  a  long  hour  from  the  Col,  and 
thence  a  mule  path  leads  down  to 
Ollomont  in  1  hr.,  and  the  village  of 
Valpelline  (§19.  Rte.  E)  inf  hr.  more. 


A  char  road  goes  down  hence  in  8 
miles  to  Aosta  (§15.  Rte.  A). 

The  chalets  of  By  (2,043  m-> 
6,703  ft.),  alluded  to  above,  are  finely 
situated  on  the  wide  pastures  at  the 
head  of  the  Val  d'Ollomont.  The 
owner  of  the  huts  is  very  obliging, 
and  does  his  best  to  entertain  visitors, 
but  it  is  to  be  hoped  that  a  small  inn 
will  be  built  there  some  day.  Hence 
almost  all  the  peaks  in  the  long, 
jagged  ridge  N.E.  of  the  Velan  may 
be  climbed  in  from  4  to  5  hrs.  The 
Amianthe  (3,600  m.,  11,812  ft.)  is 
the  highest,  and  is  quite  easy,  while 
all  command  fine  views.  The  Grand 
Combin  can  be  ascended  hence  in 
7  hrs.  by  crossing  the  W.  Col  de  By, 
3,300  m.,  10,827  ft.  (E.  of  the 
Amianthe),  to  the  head  of  the  Mont 
Durand  glacier,  and  thence  climbing 
the  great  S.E.  ridge  (Rte.  F),  while 
i  the  Velan  can  be  attained  in  5  hrs. 
by  its  S.E.  face  (see  below).  Chan- 
rion  may  be  gained  in  4  hrs.  or  so  by 
the  Col  de  Fenetre  (Rte.  E),  and 
either  the  Mont  Avril  or  the  Mont 
Gele  (Rte.  H)  may  be  ascended  en 
route.  If  the  traveller  be  bound  to 
the  upper  part  of  the  Valpelline  he 
may  join  the  Col  de  Crete  Seche 
route  by  crossing  the  broad  snow 
saddle  S.E.  of  Mont  Gele. 

Ascent  of  the  Mont  Velan. — The 
Mont  Velan  (3,765  m.,  12,353  ft-) 
rises  on  a  great  spur,  running  S.W. 
from  the  Grand  Combin  towards  the 
Great  St.  Bernard  Pass,  and,  as  its 
highest  rocks  (though  not  the  culminat- 
ing snowy  dome)  are  visible  from  the 
Hospice,  it  is  not  a  matter  for  surprise 
that  the  first  ascent  was  made  thence 
as  far  back  as  1779  by  Monsieur 
J.  L.  Murith,  a  famous  botanist,  and 
then  a  Canon  of  the  Hospice.  It  was 
thus  the  fourth  snowy  peak  in  the 
Alps  to  be  scaled  by  man,  the  Roche- 
melon  in  1358,  the  Titlis  in  1739  (or 
1744),  and  the  Buet  in  1770  alone 
taking  rank  of  it.  There  are  three 
main  routes  up  it,  so  that  it  can  be 
taken  from  Bourg  St.  Pierre  by  one 
route,  and  that  village  regained  by  a 
I  second,  or  it  can  be  traversed  on  the 


438     PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


way  from  the  same  place  to  Aosta,  a 
splendid  excursion. 

(a)  From  the  W.  —  Seen  from  the 
N.  and  W.  the  V elan  is  a  snowy  dome, 
nearly  flat  at  the  top,  but  steep  on  the 
W.  side,  where  it  is  ribbed  by  pro- 
jecting edges  of  sharp  rock,  that  seam 
the  neve-clad  side  of  the  mountain. 
It  is  by  these  that  the  ascent  is  made 
from  Bourg  St.  Pierre,  the  best  start- 
ing place,  as  it  is  quite  unnecessary  to 
sleep  at  the  Cantine  de  Proz,  while 
an  early  start  from  the  Hospice  is  not 
easy.  The  St.  Bernard  road  (Rte. 
A)  is  followed  for  I  hr.  to  the  Can- 
tine  de  Proz,  and  then  a  path  up  grass 
slopes  leads  in  a  S.E.  direction  to  a 
great  stony  waste  on  the  bank  of  the 
stream  descending  from  the  Proz  gl. 
That  gl.  is  reached  in  about  2  hrs. 
from  the  Cantine,  and  crossed  without 
difficulty  to  its  head  in  f  hr.  more. 
A  bergschrund  may  give  trouble,  but 
the  ascent  beyond  by  one  of  the  rocky 
ribs  offers  no  difficulty  (if  preferred 
the  easy  rocks  of  the  W.  arete  itself 
may  be  followed).  In  this  way  the 
rim  of  the  upper  rocks  (where  is  the 
cairn)  is  attained  in  2  hrs.  or  less,  and 
\  hr.  more  suffices  to  reach  the  loftiest 
snow  dome,  in  all  6  hrs.  from 
Bourg  St.  Pierre.  The  view  is  one 
of  the  very  finest  in  the  whole  chain 
of  the  Alps,  though  the  mountain  is 
overtopped  by  the  Grand  Combin, 
which  towers  up  superbly  on  the 
other  side  of  the  Valsorey.  It  includes, 
of  course,  the  range  of  Mont  Blanc 
(with  a  bit  of  the  Lake  of  Geneva 
seen  unexpectedly  in  the  distance),  as 
well  as  the  Bernese  Alps  and  the 
Graians.  The  Grande  Casse,  in  the 
Tarentaise,  and  the  Grandes  Rousses, 
in  Dauphine,  are  the  most  distant 
points  seen  towards  the  S.,  while  to 
the  E.  Monte  Rosa  asserts  its 
supremacy. 

{b)  By  the  Valsorey  Glacier. — This 
route  is  often  chosen  as  the  return  way 
to  Bourg  ^t.  Pierre,  or  as  the  line  of 
ascent  Ofor  a  party  desiring  to  cross 
over  to  Aosta.  The  route  from  the 
village  is  the  same  as  that  to  the  Col 
de  Valsorey  (see  above)  as  far  as  the 


level  lower  portion  of  that  gl.  Here  it 
is  necessary  to  bear  to  the  S.W.,  so  as 
to  ascend  moraine  and  rock  slopes  on 
the  left  bank  of  the  glacier,  which  are 
somewhat  exposed  to  stones  falling 
from  the  Mont  de  la  Gouille.  The 
glacier  is  regained  above  the  great 
icefall  (which  is  thus  turned),  and  is 
then  crossed  to  its  E.  edge,  up  which 
snow  slopes,  seamed  by  several  great 
crevasses,  lead  direct  to  the  highest 
!   snowy  dome  (6  hrs.  from  Bourg  St. 
I   Pierre  up,    3^-4  hrs.  down).  As 
!  noted  above,  the  ascent  can  be  made 
I   from  the  Col  de  Valsorey  itself  by 
'   skirting   along   the   N.W.   base  of 
several  minor  rocky  summits  on  the 
ridge,  and  this  is  the  most  convenient 
course  for  a  party  bound  for  Aosta 
and  carrying  heavy  knapsacks  with 

j  it. 

(c)  By  the  Italia7i  Side. — It  is  pos- 
j  sible  to  descend  from  the  summit 
by  a  small  gully  on  the  left  of  a 
!  very  broad  couloir  in  the  rocky  S.W. 
face  of  the  mountain  to  the  Menouve 
glen,  and  so  reach  Etroubles,  on  the 
St.  Bernard  road.  Or  a  party  may 
descend  the  S.E.  rocky  face  from  the 
Col  des  Chamois,  a  gap  on  the  N.E. 
arete  of  the  peak,  higher  up  than  the 
Col  de  Valsorey.  But  the  route  first 
taken  by  Sir  Martin  Conway's  party 
in  1890  is  probably  the  best  way  to 
Aosta.  The  S.E.  arete  is  descended 
for  \  hr. ,  and  then  the  rocks  on  one  or 
other  bank  of  the  central  one  of  three 
great  couloirs  in  the  S.E.  face  are 
followed  to  the  grass  at  the  foot  of  the 
peak  (2  hrs.)  In  an  hr.  more  the 
Col  de  Valsorey  route  is  rejoined  at 
the  Cordon  huts.  By  this  route  the 
Velan  may  be  climbed  in  5  hrs.  from 
the  chalets  of  By,  described  above. 

In  1897  the  Velan  was  attained 
by  a  difficult  rock  climb  up  the  N. 
arete  and  over  the  Aiguille  du  Velan 
(8J  hrs.  from  Bourg.  St.  Pierre). 


ROUTE  E.    MARTIGNY  TO  AO  ST  A 


439 


Route  E. 

MARTIGNY  TO  AOSTA  BY  THE  VAL  DE 
BAGNES  AND  THE  COL  DE  FENETRE. 

Char  road  to  Fionnay  and  from  Val- 
pelline  ;  mule  path  from  Fionnay  to 
Valpelline.  n  hrs.'  walking  from 
Chable  to  Valpelline. 

The  two  main  branches  of  the 
Dranse  flow  through  two  nearly 
parallel  valleys — the  Val  d'Entremont 
and  the  Val  de  Bagnes — and  unite 
their  waters  close  to  Sembrancher. 
Each  is  connected  with  the  valley  of 
Aosta  by  a  pass  which,  in  summer  at 
least,  is  quite  free  from  difficulty.  But 
the  destiny  of  the  two  valleys  has 
been  widely  different.  The  first  has 
from  very  early  times  been  one  of 
the  main  channels  of  communication 
across  the  Alps,  and  is  traversed  an- 
nually by  many  thousands  of  persons  ; 
while  the  second,  known  indeed  to 
the  natives  for  several  centuries,  be- 
came known  to  others  than  its  inhabit- 
ants by  the  destructive  inundation 
which  early  in  this  century  issued 
from  its  narrow  mouth  to  carry  de- 
struction even  beyond  Martigny,  and 
rather  later  by  the  travels  of  Principal 
Forbes,  Herren  G.  Studer  and  M. 
Ulrich,  and  Mr.  W.  Mathews.  The 
Col  de  Fenetre  itself  has  long  been 
known,  for  in  1476  an  army  crossed  it, 
in  1536  Calvin  is  said  to  have  fled 
across  it  from  Aosta,  and  in  1688- 1690 
it  was  fortified  to  prevent  the  Vaudois 
refugees  from  returning  to  their  native 
valleys.  It  is  also  called  Fenetre  de 
Balme  and  Fenetre  de  Durand.  The 
very  rare  Crepis  jubata  was  first 
discovered  at  the  end  of  the  Val  de 
Bagnes. 

For  many  years  the  accommodation 
in  the  valley  of  Bagnes  was  not  of  a 
kind  to  attract  strangers.  Recently, 
however,  considerable  improvements 
have  been  made  in  this  respect. 
There  are  good  inns  now  at  Chable 
and  at  Fionnay,  both  of  which  are 
largely  frequented  by  Swiss  families 
in  summer,  so  that  it  is  not  always 
easy  to  be  sure  of  finding  rooms. 
There  is  a  fair  inn   at  Mauvoisin, 


and  an  excellent  Club  hut  at  Chan- 
rion,  at  the  extreme  head  of  the 
valley.  Complaints  have,  however, 
been  made  that  this  Club  hut  is  fre- 
quently occupied  by  Swiss  visitors, 
who  remain  there  for  several  days, 
but  do  not  undertake  or  intend  to 
undertake  any  mountain  expeditions 
from  it.  It  is  to  be  hoped,  therefore, 
that  it  may  soon  give  place  to  a  small 
mountain  inn. 

The  valley  was  under  the  rule  of 
the  Abbats  of  St.  Maurice  till  the 
conquest  of  the  Lower  Vallais  by 
the  Upper  Vallais  in  1475,  tne  bridge 
below  Mauvoisin  (sometimes  called 
Pont  de  Quart)  marking  the  limit 
between  their  jurisdiction  and  that  of 
the  lordship  of  Quart,  in  the  valley  of 
Aosta.  In  former  times  the  valley 
was  celebrated  for  its  mineral  springs 
and  baths,  from  which  it  still  takes 
its  name  (Bagnes,  Balnese,  Banese). 

From  Martigny  the  Great  St.  Ber- 
nard road  (Rte.  A)  is  followed  for  9  m. 
as  far  as  Sembrancher.  Our  route 
crosses  the  Dranse  a  little  below  the 
junction  of  its  two  branches,  and  then 
proceeds  for  m„  along  the  r.  bank 
of  the  Dranse  de  Bagnes  to 

Chable  (824  m.,  2,703  ft.),  the  chief 
village  of  the  valley,  and  therefore  (in 
accordance  with  a  common  practice) 
also  called  £  Bagnes. '  It  is  pictures- 
quely situated  astride  of  the  stream, 
and  in  the  neighbourhood  of  some 
interesting  scenery.  The  Ruinette, 
Mont  Pleureur,  and  Grand  Tave  are 
visible  from  the  village. 

[The  summit  of  the  Pierre  a  Voir^ 
2,476  m.,  8,124  ft.  (§  21.  Rte.  A),  is 
easily  reached  in  4  J  hrs. ,  and  on  the  op- 
posite side  the  traveller  may  descend 
by  a  mule  path  or  on  a  sledge — very  fast 
— to  Saxon,  in  the  Rhone  valley.  A 
path  leads  from  Chable  in  6  hrs.  by  the 
Col  des  F  tab  Ions  (2,182  m.,  7,159  ft. ) 
to  Riddes,  in  the  Rhdne  valley.  The 
way  lies  past  the  village  of  Verbzer, 
whence  the  course  of  a  stream  is  fol- 
lowed very  nearly  to  the  pass,  which 
is  E.  of  the  Pierre  a  Voir.  On  the  N. 
side  the  descent  lies  at  first  over 
grassy  slopes,  then  through  a  zone  of 


440     PENNINE  ALPS.    §  rS.  GRAttD  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


rhododendron  and  pine  woods.  After 
passing  over  a  tract  of  sloping  pas- 
tures a  steeper  declivity  leads  by  zig- 
zags down  to  Riddes.  Large  surfaces 
of  rock  at  a  great  height  above  the 
valley  are  seen,  which  were  polished 
and  striated  by  the  gigantic  glacier 
which  once  extended  from  the  Furka 
at  least  as  far  as'  the  Lake  of  Geneva.] 

The  road  crosses  the  Dranse  by  a 
fine  stone  bridge,  and  passes  over  a 
smiling  plain  to  the  hamlet  of  Cha??ip- 
sec  (J  hr. ),  where  it  recrosses  the 
Dranse  and  winds  up  the  hill-side 
to  the  dirty  village  of  Lourtier, 
1,054  m.,  3,458  ft.  (|  hr. )  (Hence 
the  Col  de  V  Azet  leads  to  Liddes,  and 
the  Col  de  la  Chatix  to  the  Nendaz 
glen,  and  so  to  S ion. )  Above  Lourtier 
the  new  road  mounts  by  a  series  of 
short  zigzags  on  the  \  r.  bank,  while 
the  Dranse,  charged  with  the  drainage 
of  ten  extensive  glaciers,  forces'  its 
way  through  a  very  narrow  gorge.  The 
scenery  is  wild  and  picturesque, 
especially  the  little  basin  in  which  are 
the  huts  called  Granges  Neuves, 
where  the  considerable  stream  from 
the  Corbassiere  glacier  joins  the 
Dranse.  A  short  way  beyond  another 
green  basin  is  reached,  and  a  bridge 
is  crossed  to  Fionnay  (1,497  m., 
4,912  ft.),  now  a  favourite  resort  of 
travellers,  as  it  possesses  good  inns, 
and  is  very  beautifully  situated  amidst 
fine  woods.  It  is  reached  in  1 J  hr.  's 
walking  from  Lourtier,  or  -2f  hrs. 
from  Chable. 

[Hence  many  pleasant  excursions 
may  be  made.  On  the  S.  YY.  side 
of  the  valley  the  Panossiere  Club  hut 
(for  the  Cofnbin,  &c,  Rte.  F)  is 
4  hrs.  distant,  and  should  be  visited 
in  order  tb  see'the  very  fine  Corbas- 
siere gl;,  which  is  also  overlooked 
from  the  Bee  de  Serey,  2,867  m-> 
9,407  ft.  (4  hrs.),  on  its  1.  bank.  On 
the  N.E.  side  the  ascent  of  the  Pointe 
'  de  Rosa  Blanche  (3,348  m. ,  10,985  ft. ) 
is  particularly  recommended ;  it  is 
best  reached  in  4J  hrs.  by  way  of  the 
Col  de  Cleuson,  and  the  return  may 
be  made  by  the  Col  de  Sevreu.  It 
commands  a  fine  view,  as  does  also 


the  slightly  lower  Mont  Fort  ( 3, 330  m. , 
10,926  ft.),  accessible  in  4-5  hrs.  by 
way  of  the  Col  du  Mont  Fort,  on  its 
S.W.  shoulder.  Many  passes  in 
various  directions  can  be  taken  from 
Fionnay,  apart  from  those  lying  over 
or  near  the  Corbassiere  gl.,  for 
which  see  Rte.  F.  The  Col  du  Mont 
Fort  (3,037  m.,  .9,964  ft.)  leads  over 
to  the  Tortin  huts,  the  'Col  de  Louvte 
(2,938  m.,  9,639  ft.)  and  the  Col  de 
Cleuson  (2,916  m. ,  9,^6.7  ft.)  to  those 
of  Cleuson  ;  all  these  huts  are  in  the 
Nendaz  glen,  and  may  be  gained  in 
from  4  to  5  hrs.  from  Fionnay,  the 
descent  to  Sion  by  that  glen  taking 
about  4  hrs.  more.  The  Col  de  Sevreu 
(e.  3,150m.,  10,335  ft.) and  the  Col  du 
Cret  (3,148  m.,  10,329  ft.)  afford 
access,  by  way  of  the  Ecoulaies  gl. , 
to  the  La  Banna  huts,  near  the  head 
of  the  Val  d'Heremence,  which  joins 
the  Val  d'Herens  (see  Rte.  L), 
5J-6  hrs.  sufficing  for  the  journey 
from  Fionnay.  The  Col  de  Vasevay 
(3,263  m. ,  10,706  ft.),  which -is  more 
conveniently  taken  from  Mauvoisin, 
leads  in  6  hrs.  to  the  Liappey  huts, 
higher  up  the  Heremence  glen.  J 

Beyond  Fionnay  the  scenery  be- 
comes wilder  and  wilder,  the  precipices 
of  the  Mont  Pleureur  towering  on  the 
1.  above  the  traveller.  The  path 
keeps  always  on  the  r.  bank  of 
the' torrent,  past  the  Ponatchesse  huts, 
-and  does  not  cross  it  till  the  solid 
stone  bridge  of  ^Mauvoisin  (1,698  m. , 
5,571  ft.)  leads  across  a  deep  cleft. 
Zigzags  then  lead  up  to  the  Mauvoisin 
inn  (1,824  m.,  5,984  ft.),  perched  on 
a  hillock  or  spur,  and  seen  from  Bo- 
natchesse,  while  there  is  ra  little  chapel 
just  beyond.  It  is  1  \  hr.  's  walking  from 
Fionnay,  and  was  formerly  the  best 
headquarters  in  the  upper  part  of  the 
valley,  but  has  been  largely  superseded 
by  the  inns  at  Fionnay  and  the  Club 
hut  at  Chanrion.  It  has  too  the 
disadvantage  that  for  nearly  all  excur- 
sions it  is  necessary  to  descend  from 
the  hillock  on  which  it  stands,  so 
that  a  steep  ascent  has  to  be  made  on 
the  return  home. 

[The  chief  climb  from  here  is  the 


ROUTE  E.    MARTIGNY  TO  AOSTA 


441 


ascent  of  the  Mont Pleureur  (5,706  m. , 
12,159  ft. ),  opposite  the  inn.  The  Col 
de  Seilon  route  (Rte.  K)  is  followed  to 
the  Col  de  Gietroz,  3  hrs.  That  gl.  is 
then  crossed  in  a  N.W.  direction,  and 
the  S.  face  traversed  by  slopes  of 
shale  and  snow  to  the  S.W.  arete,  by 
which  the  ascent  is  completed  in 
2  hrs.  from  the  Col.  The  view  is 
very  fine.  The  return  may  be  varied 
by  keeping  along  the  slopes  at  the  E. 
base  of  the  rocky  ridge  of  La  Salle 
(3,641  m.,  11,946ft.),  and  then  de- 
scending a  steep  ice  wall  to  the  Col  de 
Vasevay,  2  hrs. ,  whence  it  is  2  hrs. 
more  to  the  inn.  A  short  excursion 
is  the  ascent  of  the  Grand  Tave 
(3,154  m.,  10,348  ft.),  overlooking 
the  Corbassiere  gl.  This  may  be 
made  on  the  way  from  the  inn  to  the 
Panossiere  Club  hut.  A  rough  foot 
path  leads  to  the  1.  up  the  hill-side 
from  the  inn  to  the  upper  Botzeresse 
hut.  Here  it  is  necessary  to  bear  r. 
round  a  spur  of  the  peak  if  bound  for 
the  Coldes  Otanes,  or,  before  attaining 
the  hut,  to  keep  /.  to  the  Botzeresse 
gl. ,  at  the  head  of  which  is  the  Col  de 
Botzeresse.  3  or  4  hrs.  suffice  from  the 
inn  to  the  Club  hut.  The  peak  may 
be  gained  from  either  pass — best  from 
the  former — in  \  hr. ,  or  direct  by  a 
snowy  gully  in  the  rocky  E.  face—in 
all  3-4  hrs.  from  the  inn.  The  Mont 
Blanc  de  Seilon  (.3,871  m.,  12,700  ft.) 
may  be  climbed  in  6  hrs.  by  way  of 
the  Col  de  Seilon  (Rte.  K)  and  the 
Ruinette  (3,87.9  m.,  12,727  ft.)  in 
about  the  same  time,  by  way  of  the 
Gietroz  alp  and  the  Lyrerose  gl. , 
but  the  latter  ascent  is  better  made 
from  Chanrion,  Rte.  H.J 

Through  a  narrow  channel  on  the 
S.  side  of  Mont  Pleureur  is  seen  the 
lower  portion  of  the  Gietroz  glacier, 
fed  by  the  overflow  from  a  vast  field 
of  neve  that  is  not  visible  from  below. 
This  glacier  has  obtained  a  sad  cele- 
brity from  the  formidable  catastrophes 
of  which  it  has  been  the  cause,  as 
masses  of  ice  break  off  and  fall  down 
a  steep  rock  wall,  at  the  base  of 
which  they  form  a  '  glacier  remanie,' 
which  blocks  the  narrow  valley.  In 


1595  it  descended  into  the  valley,  and 
formed  a  barrier,  behind  which  the 
waters  of  the  Dranse  torrent  accumu- 
lated until  they  burst,  on  June  4,  and 
swept  through  the  valley  below,  carry- 
ing off  over  140  human  beings,  besides 
many  cattle  and  houses.  In  the  spring 
of  1 8 18  the  glacier  again  choked  the 
valley  in  a  similar  fashion,  forming  a 
dam  nearly  300  ft.  high,  behind  which 
the  waters  of  the  Dranse  soon  formed 
a  lake  nearly  \\  mile  in  length  and 
very  deep.  A  renewal  of  the  former 
calamity  seemed  inevitable,  when  an 
eminent  engineer,  HerrVenetz,  under- 
took to  avert  it  by  driving  a  tunnel 
through  the  ice  barrier.  History  re- 
cords no  nobler  example  of  courage 
and  endurance  than  that  of  the  brave 
men  who  for  thirty-four  days  worked 
day  and  night,  in  momentary  peril  of 
destruction,  until  the  work  was  com- 
pleted, just  as  the  waters  of  the  lake 
had  reached  the  level  of  the  tunnel. 
The  flow  of  water  rapidly  enlarged 
and  lowered  the  opening,  and  in  less 
than  three  days  two-fifths  of  the  water 
had  safely  run  off,  by  means  of  the 
tunnel,  through  the  customary  channel 
of  the  river.  In  the  meantime,  how- 
ever, the  dam  had  been  weakened  by 
the  excavating  action  of  the  current, 
and  on  June  16  it  suddenly  gave 
way.  In  \  hour  a  quantity  of  water, 
five  times  greater  than  that  of  the 
Rhine  at  Bale,  where  it  carries  down 
the  drainage  of  nearly  the  whole  of 
the  Swiss  Alps,  rushed  through  the 
breach  and  down  the  narrow  valley. 
An  eye-witness,  who  viewed  the  scene 
near  Sembrancher,  assured  the  writer 
(J.  B. )  that  the  appearance  of  the  flood 
was  that  of  a  huge  dark  mass  of  trees, 
filling  the  width  of  the  valley  and 
advancing  with  almost  the  speed  of  a 
railway  train,  at  first  exceeding  25 
miles  an  hour.  After  reaching  the 
main  valley  at  Sembrancher  the  fury 
of  the  flood  was  partially  arrested, 
but  it  continued  to  spread  destruction 
far  and  wide,  and  to  bear  down  its 
burden  of  huge  blocks  of  stone,  trees, 
cattle,  houses,  and  debris  to  the 
valley  of  the  Rhone  many  miles  below 


442     PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


Martigny.  After  repeated  warnings 
most  of  the  inhabitants  had  repaired 
to  places  of  safety,  but  34  were 
carried  away,  along  with  400  houses, 
all  the  bridges  over  the  Dranse, 
and  large  numbers  of  cattle.  More 
permanent  mischief  was  done  by  the 
masses  of  stone  and  gravel  that  still 
lie  over  most  of  the  fields  in  the 
lower  level  of  the  valley,  even  below 
Martigny.  The  impending  danger  of 
a  renewal  of  the  same  catastrophe  has 
since  18 18  been  averted  by  a  simple 
and  ingenious  device,  originated  by 
Herr  Venetz.  A  stream  of  water,  at 
a  temperature  even  but  little  above 
the  freezing  point,  acts  as  a  saw, 
which  rapidly  cuts  through  glacier 
ice.  Hence  by  conducting  the  streams 
from  the  mountains  on  either  side  in 
wooden  troughs  the  accumulated 
masses  of  ice  and  frozen  snow  are 
cut  up  into  huge  blocks,  which  fall 
into  the  Dranse,  and  are  soon  carried 
away  and  melted  by  the  current. 
Men  were  later  often  employed  in 
summer  to  conduct  this  operation, 
but  the  glacier  has  now  much  shrunk, 
and  but  a  small  talus,  formed  by  the 
ice  avalanches  from  the  snout  of  the 
glacier,  2,000  ft.  above,  marks  the 
site  of  the  catastrophe  of  18 18.  On 
June  28,  1894,  there  was  another 
great  inundation — the  most  terrible 
since  18 18 — in  the  valley,  which 
carried  away  17  bridges,  and  nearly 
broke  through  the  dykes  at  Martigny. 
It  rushed  down  in  5  hours  from 
Chermontane  to  Martigny,  but  no 
houses  were  ruined,  nor  was  there 
any  loss  of  life  of  man  or  beast.  It 
originated  in  a  small  lake  formed 
at  the  foot  of  the  Crete  Seche  gl. 
(Rte.  H),  near  its  junction  with  the 
Otemma  gl.  The  high  moraine  on 
the  1.  bank  of  the  latter  gl.,  and 
the  ice  stream  itself,  blocked  the 
waters  which  generally  flowed  out 
through  subglacial  channels,  then 
choked  also.  The  dammed  up 
waters  succeeded  at  last  in  finding 
an  issue  through  a  crevasse,  and 
rapidly  enlarging  this  aperture, 
dashed  down  into  the  valley. 


The  path,  after  descending  from 
the  Mauvoisin  hillock  and  passing 
opposite  the  waterfall  from  the 
Gietroz  gl. ,  keeps  along  the  /. 
bank  of  the  Dranse  till  opposite  the 
moraine  of  the  Breneygl.  (Rte.  I),  the 
glacier  itself  having  greatly  shrunk. 
Several  minor  glaciers  on  either  side 
of  the  valley  are  not  seen  from  the 
path  along  its  bed,  but  a  glimpse  is 
gained  of  the  fine  icefield  of  Zessetta, 
descending  from  a  hollow  N.  of 
the  Tour  de  Boussine  (3,837  m., 
12,589  ft.),  a  great  buttress  of  the 
Grand  Combin,  here  rising  above  the 
valley  in  formidable  precipices  of 
black  rock.  At  one  time  the  Mont 
Durand  gl.  formed  a  permanent  ice 
bridge  across  the  Dranse  and  the 
path  to  Chermontane  used  to  cross 
the  lower  end  of  that  gl.  Later, 
it  was  found  more  convenient  to 
cross  to  the  r.  bank  10  minutes  below 
Lancey,  and  soon  after,  near  a 
shepherd's  hut  (above  the  ruins  of 
the  inn),  to  take  the  r.-hand  path 
(that  to  the  1.  leading  to  the  Chanrion 
Club  hut),  which,  after  running  on  a 
level  high  above  the  stream,  descended 
to  and  recrossed  it,  then  mounting  to 
Chermontane,  beyond  the  snout  of 
the  Mont  Durand  gl.  The  traveller 
thus  reaches  the  considerable  esta- 
blishment— cheese  and  butter — at  the 
Grande  Chermontane  huts •,  2,230  m., 
7,317  ft.  (2J  hrs.  from  Mauvoisin.) 
They  are  only  occupied  for  about 
six  weeks  in  July  and  August,  but 
travellers  do  not  now  need  (as 
formerly)  to  seek  shelter  here,  as  the 
new  Club  hut  at  Chanrion  is  just 
opposite  and  only  |  hr.  distant  by  a 
path  mounting  to  the  r.  from  the 
bridge  over  the  Dranse  (Rte  H). 

The  ascent  from  Chermontane  to 
the  Col  de  Fenetre  formerly  lay  in  part 
over  the  glacier  of  the  same  name  ; 
but  the  ice  has  retired,  and  now  a 
well-marked  mule  path  traverses  the 
stony  slopes  on  the  W.  of  the  glacier 
to  the  shelter  hut  on  the  pass,  gained 
in  1^-  hr.  from  Chermontane. 

[It  may  be  useful  to  note  that  a  party 
coming  direct  from  the  Otemma  gl. 


ROUTE  E.    MARTIGNY  TO  AOSTA 


443 


should  traverse  by  moraine  from  the 

I.  bank  of  that  gl.  to  the  moraine  on 
the  r.  bank  of  the  Fenetre  gl. ,  thus 
rounding  the  N.  base  of  the  Pointe 
d'Aias ;  the  Fenetre  gl.  is  then  crossed 
to  the  mule  path  or  mounted  direct 
to  the  pass.  These  two  glaciers, 
though  now  distant  from  each  other, 
joined  their  frozen  streams  when 
Principal  Forbes  passed  here  in  1842.3 

The  view  from  the  Col  de  Fenetre 
(2,786  m.,  9,141  ft. )  is  extremely  fine, 
especially  on  the  Italian  side,  as  it 
commands  many  summits  in  the 
Graians  from  Mont  Emilius  to  the 
Rutor.  Immediately  below  lies  the 
deep  glen  of  Ollomont,  which  is  en- 
closed on  the  E.  by  a  rugged  ridge, 
forming  a  magnificent  rock  wall, 
whose  highest  summits  are  named 
Monts  Faudery,  Morion,  and  Clapier, 
while  on  the  W.  it  is  bounded  by  the 
Mont  Velan  and  the  long  line  of 
rocky  peaks  extending  thence  in  the 
direction  of  the  Col  du  Sonadon. 

[From  the  pass  the  Mont  Avril 
(3,341  m.,  10,962  ft.),  on  the  N.W. , 
can  be  ascended  in  \\  hr.  over 
loose,  shattered  slaty  rock.  It  com- 
mands a  magnificent  view,  particularly 
of  the  Grand  Combin  and  the  Mont 
Gele,  which  rise  grandly  nearly 
opposite.  J 

On  the  descent  the  mule  path  skirts 
the  E.  slopes  of  the  Mont  Avril,  and 
after  passing  a  small  lake  descends  by 
zigzags  to  the  Fenetre  huts,  2,427  m. , 
7,963  ft.  (|  hr.) 

[Hence  the  Mont  Gele  (3,517  m., 

II,  539  ft.)  may  be  ascended  in  2J-3 
hrs. ,  by  mounting  to  the  N.  E.  through 
a  rocky  gorge  and  up  rough  slopes  of 
stones  to  the  considerable  Balme  gl. 
(called  Faudery  gl.  on  the  Italian 
map),  which  flows  down  the  S.W. 
slope  of  the  mountain.  This  is  as- 
cended to  the  base  of  the  last  peak, 
and  a  steeper  ice  or  snow  slope  then 
leads  up  to  the  central  and  highest 
point  of  the  rocky  crest  that  forms  the 
summit  ridge  of  the  peak.  The  view 
up  the  great  Otemma  gl.  is  a  striking 
feature  in  the  extensive  view.  J 

In  \  hr.  more,  passing  several  other 


lakes,  the  traveller  gains  the  Balme 
huts,  which  lie  \  hr.  S.E.   of  the 
By  chalets,  the  many  ascents  from 
which   were   described  in    Rte.  D, 
above.    Thence  the  mule  path  de- 
i   scends  to  Ollomont  (where  there  are 
!   remains   of  a  Roman  aqueduct)  in 
1  hr. ,  and  in  J  hr.  more  the  village  of 
Valpelline  is  reached.     Hence  a  char 
;  road  descends  in  8  miles  to  Aosta 
I   (§15.  Rte.  A,  and  §  19.  Rte.  E). 


Route  F. 

FIONNAY  TO  BOURG  ST.  PIERRE  BY 
THE  COL  DES  MAISONS  BLANCHES. 
ASCENT  OF  THE  GRAND  COMBIN. 

The  Grand  Combin  (4,317  m., 
14,164  ft.),  which  yields  in  height  to 
no  mountain  in  the  Alps  save  Mont 
Blanc  and  Monte  Rosa,  with  the  great 
peaks  that  cluster  round  them,  was 
long  one  of  the  least  known  of  Alpine 
summits,  and  it  was  not  till  the  con- 
struction, very  recently,  of  a  Club 
hut  by  the  Swiss  Alpine  Club  on 
the  r.  bank  of  the  Corbassiere  gl, 
that  that  great  ice  stream  could  be 
explored  with  any  approach  to  com- 
fort. This  huge  glacier  flows  down 
from  the  highest  ridge  of  the  Combin 
in  a  N.  direction  towards  the  middle 
reach  of  the  Val  de  Bagnes.  On  the 
E.  it  is  separated  from  the  upper  por- 
tion of  that  valley  by  a  long  ridge,  in 
which  the  most  conspicuous  summits 
are  the  Tournelou  Blanc  (3,712  m. . 
12,179  ft-)  and  the  Grand  Tave 
(3,154  m.,  10,348  ft.),  while  it  is 
traversed  by  the  Cols  des  Otanes  and 
de  Botzeresse.  On  the  W.  it  is 
bounded  by  an  even  loftier  range, 
the  culminating  points  in  which  are 
the  Combin  de  Corbassiere  (3,722  m. , 
12,212  ft.)  and  the  Aiguille  des 
Maisons  Blanches  (3,699  m., 
12,136  ft.)  ;  over  it  lead  the  Col  des 
Avolions  (which,  combined  with  the 
Col  de  l'Azet,  gives  access  to  Liddes) 


444     PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


and  the  Col  de  Panosseyre,  by  which 
Bourg  St.  Pierre  is  attained.  At  the 
extreme  S.W.  corner  of  the  Corbas- 
siere gl.,  and  close  under  the  main 
mass  of  the  Grand  Combin  itself, 
is  the  gap  known  as  the  Col  des 
Maisons  Blanches  (3,426  m., 
11,241  ft.),  by  way  of  which  the 
ascent  of  that  peak  is  commonly  made 
by  a  party  starting  from  the  poor 
shelter  hut  (built  by  the  guides,  the 
Baileys)  at  its  W.  foot ;  thus  the  peak 
may  be  taken  on  the  way  from  the 
Val  de  Bagnes  to  Bourg  St.  Pierre, 
or  vice  versa. 

The  Grand  Combin  itself  rises  at 
the  S.  end  of  the  Corbassiere  glacier, 
and  consists  of  a  huge  snowy  mass, 
not  remarkably  steep  on  the  N.  side, 
but  very  steep  on  the  S.  side  towards 
the  Col  du  Sonadon.  The  culminat- 
ing snowy  crest  is  crowned  by  two 
horns,  or  humps,  close  together,  and 
is  known  as  the  Aigzulle  du  Croissant 
(4,317  m.,  14,164  ft.),  though  it  is 
said  that  at  Bourg  St.  Pierre  it  is 
called  the  GrafTeneire.  A  short  dis- 
tance (15-20  min. )  off  to  the  N.E.  is 
the  second  peak  (about  4,300  m., 
14,108  ft.),  and  known  as  the  Graf- 
feneire^  save  at  Bourg  St.  Pierre, 
where  it  is  called  Aiguille  du  Crois- 
sant, though  this  name  clearly  refers 
to  the  crescent-shaped  highest  summit. 
To  the  W.  of  the  true  Aiguille  du 
Croissant  rises  the  Combin  de  Val- 
sorey  (4,145  m.,  13,600  ft.),  while  to 
the  N.E.  of  the  true  GrafTeneire 
stands  the  Combin  de  Zessetta,  about 
4,120  m.,  13,518  ft.  (immediately 
S.E.  of  the  figures  4,080  m.  on  the 
Siegfried  map).  There  are,  there- 
fore, two  obvious  routes  from  the 
Corbassiere  gl.  to  the  highest  sum- 
mit (as  the  direct  climb  from  the 
N.  has  not  yet  been  effected),  viz. 
from  the  Col  des  Maisons  Blanches 
by  the  W.  arete  over  the  Combin  de 
Valsorey,  and  from  the  depression 
S.W.  of  the  Combin  de  Zessetta  by 
the  N.E.  arite  over  the  GrafTeneire. 
A  third  route  (that  naturally  taken 
by  a  party  coming  from  the  By 
chalets)    leads    from     the  Mont 


Durand  glacier  straight  to  the 
Aiguille  du  Croissant  by  its  great  S.  E. 
ridge.  A  point  a  little  W.  of  the 
Combin  de  Valsorey  has  also  been 
reached  by  various  routes  from  the 
S.,  whether  from  the  Meiten  or  the 
upper  Sonadon  glaciers  (see  Rte.  G)  ; 
but  such  variations  need  not  be  further 
alluded  to  in  these  pages,  as  they  are 
rarely  taken,  and  are  fully  described 
in  the  4  Climbers'  Guide  to  the  Central 
Pennine  Alps.5 

The  exploration  of  the  Combin 
group  was  begun  by  Herr  Gottlieb 
Studer,  first  here,  as  in  many  other 
parts  of  the  Alps,  who  in  1 85 1  at- 
tained the  Combin  de  Corbassiere, 
and  was  followed  in  that  ascent  by 
Messrs.  W.  and  C.  E.  Mathews,  in 
1856.  In  July  1857  three  natives  of 
the  Val  de  Bagnes,  Benjamin  and 
Maurice  Felley  and  Jouvence  Bruchez, 
made  the  first  ascent  of  the  GrafTeneire 
(4,300  m.,  14,108  ft.),  and  a  month 
later  M.  Felley  and  Bruchez  guided 
Mr.  W.  Mathews,  with  Auguste 
Simond,  to  the  same  spot.  In  1858 
four  men  from  the  Val  d'Entremont, 
Daniel  and  Emmanuel  Bailey  and 
Seraphin  and  Auguste  Dorsaz,  crossed 
the  Col  des  Maisons  Blanches,  and 
then  climbed  the  GrafTeneire  by  the 
same  route  as  their  predecessors.  In 
all  these  expeditions  it  is  singular  and 
remarkable  that  the  second  highest 
summit  alone  was  reached,  and  the 
excuse  of  insufficient  time  seems 
scarcely  a  valid  one.  However  in  i860 
Emmanuel  and  Gaspard  Bailey  led  a 
Swiss  traveller,  M.  Deville,  over 
the  Col  des  Maisons  Blanches  and  up 
the  actual  highest  point  of  the  moun- 
tain, and  a  few  days  later  the  same 
guides  took  Mr.  W.  E.  Utterson- 
Kelso  up  the  same  peak,  these  being 
the  first  two  ascents  of  the  loftiest 
point  of  the  Grand  Combin.  All 
these  routes  were  made  by  way  of 
the  '  Corridor,'  to  the  S.W.  of  the 
Combin  de  Zessetta  (Route  a.  below). 
In  1872  M.  Isler,  with  Gillioz,  first 
reached  the  Combin  de  Valsorey, 
gaining  its  W.  ridge  from  the  S., 
while  in  1874  Mr.  H.  White  and  the 


ROUTE  F.    FIONNAY  TO  BOURG  ST.  PIERRE  445 


Rev.  E.  W.  Bowling,  with  H. 
Devouassoud,  Daniel  Bailey,  and  M. 
Balmat,  traversed  the  whole  W. 
arete  from  the  Col  des  Maisons 
Blanches  to  the  highest  summit.  It 
was  only  in  1 891  that  the  long- 
desired  route  by  the  S.E.  arete  from 
the  Mont  Durand  glacier  was  suc- 
cessfully made  by  Mr.  O.  G.  Jones, 
with  Antoine  Bovier  and  P.  Gaspoz, 
while  the  Combin  de  Zessetta  seems 
to  have  remained  untouched  till  it 
was  visited  in  1 894  by  Messrs. 
E.  F.  M.  Benecke  and  H.  A.  Cohen 
alone.  The  very  intricate  history  of 
the  early  exploration  of  the  Combin 
group,  and  of  the  still  more  compli- 
cated questions  of  nomenclature,  will 
be  found  in  Herr  Studer's  articles  in 
the  two  series  of  '  Berg-  und 
Gletscherfahrten, '  and  in  Mr.  W. 
Mathews'  paper  in  the  first  series  of 
*  Peaks,  Passes,  and  Glaciers,'  both 
summarised  in  Herr  Studer's  '  Ueber 
Eis  und  Schnee. '  Any  one  interested 
in  the  subject  should  not  fail  to  con- 
sult as  well  Dr.  Diener's  admirable 
monograph  on  the  Combin  in  vol.  xx. 
(1889)  of  the  '  Zeitschrift '  of  the 
German  and  Austrian  Alpine  Club. 

The  Panossiere  Club  hut  (2,715 
m.,  8,908  ft.)  affords  comfortable 
night  quarters  for  those  under- 
taking the  ascent  of  the  Grand 
Combin,  or  even  the  passage  of  the 
Col  des  Maisons  Blanches.  It  lies 
on  the  r.  bank  of  the  Corbassiere 
gl.,  at  the  S.W.  foot  of  the  Grand 
Tave,  and  may  be  gained  from 
Fionnay  in  4  hrs.  by  a  path  to  the 
Corbassiere  chalets,  and  then  along 
the  double  moraine  on  the  r.  bank 
of  the  Corbassiere  gl.  itself.  If 
coming  from  Mauvoisin  the  traveller 
must  cross  the  Col  des  Otanes 
(2,840  m.,  9,318  ft.),  or  the  rather 
harder  Col  de  Botzeresse,  the  former 
lying  N.  and  the  latter  S.  of  the  fine 
view-point  of  the  Grand  Tave 
(3,154  m.,  10,348  ft.),  accessible 
from  either  in  \  hr.  J  hr.  below 
the  pass  selected  is  the  hut,  3-4  hrs. 
from  Mauvoisin.  (The  Col  des 
Pauvres  lies  more  to  the  N.  than  the 


passes  just  mentioned,  and  leads  from 
the  Bonatchesse  huts,  in  the  Val  de 
Bagnes,  direct  in  2\  hrs.  to  those  of 
Corbassiere. ) 

[The  Combin  de  Corbassiere 
(3,722  m. ,  12,212  ft.)  can  be  very 
easily  ascended  from  the  Club  hut  in 
3  hrs.  or  so  by  its  S.  or  E.  face,  its 
S.E.  arete,  or  its  snowy  W.  ridge. 
It  is,  perhaps,  the  best  point  from 
which  to  study  the  magnificent 
Corbassiere  gl.  and  the  peaks  that 
surround  it.  The  view  extends  from 
the  peaks  above  Grindelwald  to  those 
overhanging  the  Mont  Cenis  Pass. 
It  is  worth  while  to  go  on,  in  a  good 
half-hour,  to  the  Petit  Combin 
(locally  called  Les  Follats  or  Foulaz), 
3,671  m.,  12,044  ft.,  as  thence  the 
beautiful  Lac  de  Champex  is  seen  in 
the  distance,  though  the  view  of  the 
Combin  itself  is  not  quite  so  fine  as 
from  the  higher  summit.  On  regain- 
ing the  surface  of  the  Corbassiere 
gl.,  the  traveller  may  reach  Bourg 
St.  Pierre  by  either  the  Col  de 
Panosseyre  or  the  Col  des  Maisons 
Blanches  (which  involves  a  rather 
longer  traverse),  so  that  these  peaks 
can  well  be  taken  on  the  way  from 
Fionnay  to  Bourg  St.  Pierre. 
Another  interesting  climb  is  that  of 
the  Tournelon  Blanc  (3,712  m., 
12,179  ft-)>  by  way  of  the  Mulets  de 
la  Liaz  in  4  hrs.  J 

From  the  Club  hut  it  is  best  to 
cross  the  gl.  to  its  W.  side,  so  as  to 
avoid  some  seracs,  but  above  them 
it  is  plain  sailing,  and  the  Col  des 
Maisons  Blanches  (3,426  m., 
11,241  ft.)  is  gained  in  2^-3  hrs. 
from  the  hut,  according  to  the  state 
of  the  snow. 

On  the  descent  it  is  best  to  go  down 
a  gully  and  rotten  rocks  to  the  N.  of 
the  upper  bit  of  the  steep  little  gl.  de- 
scending directly  from  the  pass.  Snow 
slopes  and  stones  lead  in  a  N.W. 
direction  to  the  shelter  hut  (2,780  m., 
9,121  ft.)  on  the  Grande  Penna  slope 
(1  \  hr.  from  the  Col),  built  to  re- 
place the  S.  A.  C.  hut,  erected  in 
1889  near  the  Col,  but  destroyed  by  an 
avalanche  the  next  spring.  Thence 


446      PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


it  is  necessary  to  descend  over 
moraine  to  a  small  lake,  whence  a 
rough  track  on  the  1.  bank  of  a 
stream  leads  down  to  the  path  in 
the  Valsorey,  I  hr.  from  Bourg  St. 
Pierre.  This  village  is  reached  in 
2^-3  hrs.  from  the  pass,  or  about 
5-6  hrs.  from  the  Club  hut.  If  time 
be  an  object  it  is  best  to  cross 
from  the  Corbassiere  gl.  by  the  gap 
just  N.  of  the  Moine,  3,574  m., 
11,726  ft.  (easily  recognised  on  both 
sides  by  the  straight  line  of  its  N. 
arete),  whence  an  easy  snow  couloir 
leads  straight  down  to  the  shelter  hut. 
1  hr.  is  thus  saved. 

Ascent  of  the  Grand  Combin. — Few 
travellers  probably  cross  the  Col 
without  ascending,  or  intending  to 
ascend,  the  Grand  Combin,  so  that 
this  climb  may  be  most  conveniently 
described  in  connection  with  the  pass. 
As  indicated  above,  there  are  three 
main  routes  by  which  the  summit  may 
be  gained. 

(a)  By  the  '  Corridor* — This  is 
the  usual  route  taken  by  those  who 
start  from  the  Panossiere  hut,  but  may 
be  followed  by  a  party  coming  over 
the  Col  des  Maisons  Blanches,  if 
they  round  the  N.  base  of  the  peak. 
The  '  Corridor  '  is  a  sort  of  shelf  or 
hollow  N.  E.  of  the  great  rocky  but- 
tress running  N.W.  from  the  Graffe- 
neire.  The  base  of  the  ascent  (about 
where  the  figures  3,600  stand  on  the 
Siegfried  map)  may  be  gained  in  about 
-J  hour  from  the  Col  des  Maisons 
Blanches,  or  in  2  hrs.  from  the  Panos- 
siere hut.  Snow  slopes  then  lead  up 
in  a  S.E.  direction  on  the  N.E.  side 
of  the  aforesaid  rocky  buttress,  and 
gradually  narrow  into  a  shelf,  which 
is  seamed  with  crevasses,  and  sepa- 
rates that  buttress  (from  which  masses 
of  ice  often  fall)  from  a  lower  range 
of  seracs.  This  is  the  dangerous  bit 
of  the  ascent,  but  it  is  quite  short  (5 
m.  down),  and  safe,  save  late  in  the 
day.  Above,  the  snow  slopes  broaden 
out  again,  and  the  N.E.  arete  of  the 
peak  is  reached  at  its  lowest  point,  in 
1-2  hrs.  from  the  base.  Hence  a 
steep  slope,  generally  ice,  leads  up  to 


the  S.W.j  but  beyond  easy  snow  gives 
access  to  the  Graffeneire,  4,300  m., 
14,108  ft.  (1  hr.)  A  short  descent 
and  a  short  reascent  over  extremely 
easy  snow  slopes  bring  the  traveller 
to  the  double  summit  of  the  Aiguille 
du  Croissant  {\  hr. ),  which  can  thus  be 
attained  under  favourable  circum- 
stances in  2J-3  hrs.  from  the  base,  but 
everything  depends  on  the  condition 
of  the  snow.  The  view  is,  of  course, 
very  extensive,  but  fails  to  leave  such 
an  impression  on  the  spectator's  mind 
as  that  from  the  lower,  but  better 
placed,  Velan. 

(b)  By  the  W.  Arite.—TYAs  is  ideally 
the  best  route  for  a  party  coming  from 
Bourg  St.  Pierre,  and  is  particularly 
recommended  when  the  snow  on  the 
ordinary  route  {a.  above)  is  likely  to 
be  in  bad  condition.  The  rocks  offer 
no  real  difficulties,  even  when  covered 
with  fresh  snow,  but  the  ridge  is  much 
exposed  to  wind. 

Starting  from  the  Col  des  Maisons 
Blanches,  an  easy  ascent  up  a  small 
side  glacier  leads  to  the  W.  ridge  at 
the  snow  hump  marked  3,631  m. 
( 1 1 , 9 1 3  ft. )  on  the  Siegfried  map  (f  hr. ) ; 
as  it  overlooks  the  Meiten  gl.  it  might 
be  called  the  Co?nbin  de  Meiten,  for 
the  sake  of  distinction.  Easy  broken 
rocks  on  the  W.  ridge  bring  the  traveller 
without  difficulty  to  the  point  where 
the  route  from  the  Sonadon  gl.  gains 
the  W.  ridge  (2  hrs. ),  and  J  hr.  more 
suffices  to  gain  the  Combin  de  Valsorey 
(4,145  m. ,  13,600  ft.)  A  short 
descent  into  a  snowy  hollow  is  fol- 
lowed by  a  short  reascent  to  the 
Aiguille  du  Croissant  (-|  hr. )  Under 
ordinary  circumstances  3f  hrs.  suffice 
for  the  ascent  from  the  Col.  Thus 
the  round  from  the  Col  by  the  W. 
arete  and  back  to  the  Col  by  the  N.E. 
arete  and  the  4  Corridor '  can  be 
accomplished  in  6  hrs.  by  good 
walkers. 

(c)  By  the  S.E.  Arete. — This  is  the 
best  route  for  a  party  coming  from 
Aosta  or  the  Chanrion  Club  hut,  as  the 
night  can  be  spent  at  the  By  chalets 
(see  Rte.  D).  From  the  chalets  the 
W.  Col  de  By  (3,300  m.,  10,827  ft.), 


ROUTE  G.    BOURG  ST.  PIERRE  TO  CHANRION  447 


E.  of  the  Amianthe,  may  be  gained 
in  2  hrs.  The  head  of  the  Mont 
Durand  gl.  must  then  be  traversed, 
keeping  first  to  the  L,  then  to  the 
r. ,  in  order  to  avoid  its  most  cre- 
vassed  portion.  The  foot  of  the  S.E. 
ridge  is  thus  gained.  It  consists  of 
loose  shaly  rocks,  with  occasional 
beds  of  snow,  but  is  not  very  steep, 
save  one  great  rock  about  60  ft.  high. 
This  is  climbed  by  means  of  a  gully 
to  the  1. ,  and  above  easy  snow  slopes 
lead  to  the  summit.  7  hrs.  suffice  for 
the  ascent  from  By. 


Route  G. 

BOURG  ST.   PIERRE  TO  CHANRION  BY 
THE  COL  DU  SONADON. 

This  first-rate  glacier  pass  lies  in  the 
direct  line  of  communication  between 
Chamonix  and  Zermatt.  It  was  first 
made  in  1 86 1  by  Mr.  F.  W.  Jacomb 
(who  did  so  much  to  discover  the 
'  High- Level  Route,'  of  which  this 
pass  is  one  of  the  most  important  links), 
with  J.  B.  and  Michel  Croz.  Three 
weeks  later  it  was  crossed  for  the 
second  time  by  the  Rev.  J.  F.  Hardy 
and  three  friends.  But  though  it  is 
very  direct  it  is  so  dangerous  on  the 
W.  side  that  it  is  nowadays  but 
rarely  traversed,  especially  as  the 
passes  described  in  Rtes.  D  and  F 
enable  a  traveller  to  turn  this  obstacle, 
and  yet  rejoin  the  direct  line  at 
Chanrion. 

The  route  from  Bourg  St.  Pierre  is 
for  a  long  time  identical  with  that  to 
the  Col  de  Valsorey  (Rte.  D),  but 
when  the  way  to  that  pass  bears  to 
the  S.E.  (2J  hrs.  from  the  village)  the 
traveller  bound  for  the  Sonadon  must 
keep  due  E.  towards  the  glacier  of 
that  name.  This  fine  glacier  is  cut  in 
half,  right  across,  by  a  fault  in  the  rock 
of  its  bed,  over  which  the  ice  tumbles. 
Several    attempts    made    by  Mr. 


Hardy's  party,  composed  of  excellent 
mountaineers  and  first-rate  guides,  to 
descend  by  the  middle,  or  S.W., 
corner  of  the  glacier  utterly  failed. 
Unless  a  long  detour  is  made  over  the 
great  buttress  running  up  towards  the 
W.  arete  of  the  Grand  Combin  (which 
involves  a  considerable  ascent,  and  then 
a  descent)  it  is  necessary  to  climb  up  a 
steep  couloir  (not  hard  in  itself)  in  the 
rocks  on  the  N,  of  the  gl. ,  in  order  to 
gain  the  upper  glacier  (2  J  hrs.)  But 
stones  fall  continually  in  this  couloir ', 
and  the  risk  is  so  great  as  to  be  unjus- 
tifiable. 

[From  the  upper  Sonadon  gl.  it  is 
quite  possible  to  ascend  in  3  hrs. 
by  a  great  buttress  to  the  W.  arete 
of  the  Grand  Combin,  which  is 
struck  at  a  point  a  little  W.  of  the 
Combin  de  Valsorey.  See  Rte.  F. 
The  same  point  may  also  be  gained 
from  the  Meiten  gl.  N.  of  the  lower 
bit  of  the  Sonadon  gl.] 

When  once  the  upper  level  of  the 
gl.  has  been  reached  the  difficulties  of 
the  way  are  over.     \\  hr.  ascending 
j   over  snow  slopes  suffices  to  reach  the 
i   Col,  3,489  m. ,  1 1 ,447  ft.  (6  J  hrs.  from 
Bourg  St.  Pierre. ) 

[Hence  the  Grand  Combin,  which 
rises  magnificently  above  the  route 
just  traversed,  can  be  climbed  in  5  hrs. 
by  its  great  S.  E.  ridge.  The  snowy 
summit,  called  Amianthe,  or  Mont 
Sonadon  (3,600  m.,  11,812  ft.),  just 
S.  of  the  Col,  can  be  easily  gained  in 
\  hr. ,  and  commands  a  splendid  view 
on  all  sides.  To  its  E.  is  the  W.  Col 
de  By  (3,300  m.,  10,827  by  which 
the  By  chalets  can  be  reached  in  2  hrs. 
or  less,  and  Ollomont  gained  in  I  hr. 
more.    (See  Rte.  D.  )J 

To  the  E.  of  the  Col  du  Sonadon 
the  vast  Mont  Durand  glacier  de- 
scends in  a  gentle  curve,  convex  to 
the  S.,  where  it  is  guarded  by  the 
Testa  Bianca,  or  Tete  de  By  (3,482 
m. ,  11,424  ft.),  and  the  Mont  Avril 
(3,341  m.3  10,962  ft.)  Beyond  it, 
in  the  distance,  is  seen  the  Otemma 
gl. ,  between  the  Mont  Gele  and  the 
Pointe  d'Otemma,  while  N.  of  the 
latter  summit  the  Breney  gl.  is  per- 


448      PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


ceived.  The  upper  part  of  the  Mont 
Durand  gl.  is  quite  free  from  diffi- 
culty, but  there  are  two  considerable 
icefalls  lower  down.  The  exact  route 
to  be  followed  varies  much  with  the 
state  of  the  glacier.  Sometimes  it  is 
necessary  to  cross  from  the  1.  to  the  r. 
bank  between  the  two  icefalls,  but 
different  parties  have  succeeded,  with- 
out difficulty,  in  effecting  the  descent 
entirely  by  the  L  or  by  the  r.  bank, 
or  edge  of  the  gl.  It  is  most  conve- 
nient to  get  off  it  on  the  r.  bank,  as 
the  Chermontane  chalets  are  thus 
more  quickly  gained  (3  hrs.  from  the 
pass).  A  path  leads  thence  down  to 
the  infant  Dranse,  which  is  crossed,  and 
a  fresh  ascent  by  another  path  brings 
the  traveller  to  the  Chanrion  Club  hut 
(2,460  m.,  8,071  ft.)  in  f-i  hr.  from 
Chermontane. 

In  taking  this  pass  from  Chanrion 
it  is  decidedly  difficult  to  hit  upon  the 
true  line  of  descent  into  the  Valsorey. 
4  The  clue  to  it  is  to  keep  above  a 
distinct  tower  of  rock,  of  a  reddish 
colour,  on  the  r.  bank  of  the  upper 
Sonadon  gl. ,  and  then  to  descend  a 
couloir'  (E.  N.  B.) 


Route  H. 

CHANRION  TO  THE  VALPELLINE.  AS- 
CENTS FROM  CHANRION. 

We  have  described  in  Routes  D,  E, 
F,  and  G  the  ranges  on  the  W.  side 
of  the  upper  Dranse  or  Bagnes  valley, 
lying  between  it  and  the  Great  St. 
Bernard  road.  Now  we  must  proceed 
to  give  some  account  of  those  on  the 
E.  bank  of  the  same  valley,  lying 
between  it,  the  Valpelline,  the  Arolla, 
and  the  Heremence  glens. 

The  best  starting  point  for  almost 
all  expeditions  in  these  ranges  (as 
well  as  for  those  near  the  Col  de 
Fenetre,  Rte.  E)  is  the  recently  built 
Chanrion  Club  hnt,  by  far  the  most 


convenient  headquarters  at  the  head 
of  the  Bagnes  valley,  now  inha- 
bited during  the  summer  by  a  care- 
taker, but  soon,  it  is  to  be  hoped,  to 
become  a  small  mountain  inn.  It 
is  admirably  situated  at  a  height  of 
2,460  m.  (8,071  ft.),  on  a  knoll  above 
the  shepherd's  hut  of  the  same  name 
and  two  small  tarns,  commands 
magnificent  views  to  the  S.  and  W. , 
and  is  only  about  J  hr.  by  a  short 
descent  from  the  great  Otemma  glacier 
itself.  From  the  inn  at  Mauvoisin 
it  may  be  reached  in  3  hrs.  by  way 
of  Lancey,  10  m.  below  which  the 
path  crosses  to  the  r.  bank  of  the 
Dranse.  A  little  beyond  a  shepherd's 
hut  (above  the  ruins  of  the  old  inn) 
the  path  bifurcates.  The  r.-hand 
branch,  after  passing  at  a  level  high 
above  the  Dranse,  descends  to  cross 
to  the  Grande  Chermontane  huts ; 
the  /.  -hand  branch  mounts  to  Chan- 
rion ;  the  Club  hut  may  be  reached 
in  f  hr.  from  the  Grande  Chermon- 
tane huts  by  crossing  the  Dranse 
just  below  those  huts,  and  then 
making  a  considerable  ascent  by  a 
path  bearing  up  to  the  r.  from  the 
bridge. 

This  Club  hut  is  admirably  placed, 
and  its  position  offers  attractions  to  the 
mountaineer  which  are  scarcely  sur- 
passed elsewhere  in  the  Alps.  Op- 
posite is  the  extensive  Mont  Durand 
glacier ;  a  little  to  the  N.  is  that  of 
Breney,  while  almost  due  E.  stretches 
the  even  greater  Otemma  glacier. 
Many  passes  lead  over  these  glaciers, 
and  are  described  in  Rtes.  G,  I, 
and  K. 

'  There  are  several  peaks  which  may 
be  climbed  direct  from  the  Club  hut, 
and  are  worth  visiting,  as  they  com- 
mand very  fine  views.  The  nearest 
is  the  Pointe  (P  Otemma  (3,394  m-> 
11,136  ft),  which  may  be  ascended 
in  3  hrs.  by  way  of  its  rocky  W.  face 
and  S.  arete.  Another  panoramic 
point  is  the  Mont  Avril  (3,34-1  m., 
10,962  ft.),  easily  gained  by  shale 
slopes  in  i|  hr.  from  the  Col  de 
Fenetre  itself  (2  hrs.  from  the  hut,  Rte. 
E).    The  Bee  cCEpicoun  (3,527  m., 


ROUTE  H.  CHANRION 


TO  THE  VALPELLINE 


11,572  ft.)  is  strongly  recommended 
as  a  good,  though  a  difficult,  climb, 
while  the  view  from  the  summit  is 
superb  ;  it  is  best  gained  (4J  hrs. ) 
by  its  W.  face,  which  leads  to  the  S. 
arete,  a  little  S.  of  the  summit.  The 
Mont  Gele  (3,517  m.,  1 1,539  ft.)  may 
be  gained  in  4  or  5  hrs. ,  the  most 
direct  way  being  to  mount  from  the 
Crete  Seche  glacier  to  the  foot  of  a 
broad  couloir  in  the  N.E.  face,  and 
then  to  climb  up  rocks  to  the  S.E. 
arete,  which  can  either  be  followed  to 
the  highest  and  central  summit  over 
a  secondary  point,  or  else  a  descent 
soon  made  to  the  1.  on  to  the  Balme  or 
Faudery  glacier,  whereon  the  ordinary 
route  is  joined.  The  usual  route  is  more 
circuitous,  and  consists  in  crossing 
either  the  Col  de  Fenetre  (Rte.  E) 
or  the  Col  de  Crete  Seche,  and  then 
mounting  by  rocks  to  the  Faudery 
glacier,  which  is  ascended  to  the 
summit.  The  view  from  this  peak  is 
most  striking,  the  Otemma  glacier  in 
particular  being  seen  in  its  entire 
length.  The  Ruinette  (3,879  m., 
12,727  ft.)  can  be  reached  in  4  hrs. 
from  the  Club  hut  by  crossing  the 
Breney  glacier,  mounting  to  the  Col 
de  Lyrerose,  3,090  m.,  10,138  ft.  (S. 
edge  of  the  glacier  of  the  same  name), 
and  then  climbing  up  to  and  following 
the  S.  arete  of  the  peak,  a  short  cut 
being  taken  across  the  uppermost  snows 
to  the  foot  of  the  S.  W.  rocky  ridge,  by 
which  the  summit  is  attained.  It  is 
possible  to  follow  the  N.  E.  arete  to  the 
Mont  Blanc  de  Seilon,  3,871  m., 
12,700  ft.  (4  hrs.),  but  the  latter  peak 
is  usually  ascended  from  the  Col  de 
Seilon  (Rte.  K).  The  Mont  Pleuretir 
(3,706  m.,  12,159  ft-)  might  be 
reached  from  the  hut  by  the  Cols  de 
Lyrerose  and  du  Mont  Rouge,  but 
the  ascent  is  much  shorter  from  the 
inn  at  Mauvoisin  (Rte.  E),  while  no 
doubt  active  mountaineers  could  climb 
the  Eve  que,  Mont  Collon,  or  the  Pigne 
d?  Arolla  in  a  long  day  on  their  way 
to  the  Valpelline  or  to  Arolla,  but 
these  three  peaks  are  best  taken  from 
Arolla. 

For  the  direct  high-level  route  from 
I. 


Chanrion  to  Zermatt  (c.  11-12  hrs.  ) 
by  the  Col  de  Chermontane,  Col  de 
PEveque,  N.  Col  du  Mont  Brule,  and 
Col  de  Valpelline,  see  Introduction  to 
this  Section,  3.  below,  and  §  19. 
Rte.  E. 

The  traveller  bound  from  Chanrion 
to  the  Valpelline  must  traverse  some 
part  of  the  immense  Otemma  (or 
Hautemma)  glacier.  This  great 
glacier  is  by  far  the  finest  of  those 
flowing  into  the  Val  de  Bagnes.  It  is 
about  6  m.  in  length  by  f  m.  in 
breadth,  and  expands  at  its  summit 
into  a  great  field  of  neve,  which  also 
feeds  the  Vuibez  glacier.  Like  the 
Mont  Durand  glacier  (Rte.  G)  it  is 
convex  to  the  S.,  descending  at  first 
to  the  S.W. ,  and  bent  round  till  at  its 
base  it  flows  somewhat  N.  of  W.  On 
the  N.  W.  it  is  bounded  by  a  steep  range, 
crowned  by  the  Pointe  d  Otemma 
(3>394  m-3  11,136  ft.)  and  the  Pigne 
d? Arolla  (3,801  m.,  12,471  ft.)  On 
the  S.E.  it  is  guarded  by  an  equally 
steep  and  lofty,  but  far  less  known 
ridge,  the  chief  summits  of  which  are  the 
Mont  Gele  (3,517  m.,  11,539  ft.),  the 
Bee  de  Ciardonnet  (3,398  m. ,  11,149 
ft.),  the  Bee  d'Epicoun  (3,527  m., 
11,572  ft.),  the  M.  Oulie  (3,550  m., 
11,647  ft* ),  the  Bee  de  Blancien 
(3,662  m.,  12,015  ft.)>  and  La  Seng-la 
(3,702  m.,  12,146  ft.),  these  names 
and  heights  being  taken  chiefly  from 
the  Siegfried  map  in  preference  to  the 
Italian  map,  though  the  latter  is  in- 
dispensable to  any  one  crossing  a 
pass  from  the  Otemma  glacier  to  the 
Valpelline.  On  the  faith  of  statements 
made  by  the  hunters  of  the  Val  de 
Bagnes  the  early  travellers  who 
visited  these  regions  were  led  to 
believe  that  the  head  of  the  Otemma 
glacier  was  barred  by  an  impassable 
ridge  of  rocks,  called  the  Crete  a 
Collon,  forbidding  all  passage  from 
the  Bagnes  valley  towards  the  Arolla 
glen.  But  the  traverse  of  the  Col 
d'Oren  by  Mr.  Tuckett  in  1861,  and 
that  of  the  Col  de  Chermontane 
made  a  few  weeks  later  by  Sir  T.  F. 
Buxton  and  his  companions,  finally 
disproved  the  existence  of  any  such 
G  G 


45o     PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


barrier,  and  thus  opened  to  Alpine 
travellers  one  of  the  grandest  high- 
ways through  the  Pennine  Alps.  The 
supposed  barrier  probably  owed  its 
fabulous  existence  to  the  fact  that, 
looking  from  up  the  foot  of  the 
Otemma  glacier,  the  point  now  called 
Petit  Mont  Collon  and  its  neighbours 
seemed  to  block  the  way  towards  the 
route  of  the  well-known  Col  de 
Collon. 

To  go  from  Chanrion  to  the  Val- 
pelline  the  mountaineer  has  a  choice 
between  a  number  of  passes,  which 
give  access  to  various  portions  of  the 
Valpelline.  Referring  to  Sir  Martin 
Conway's  '  Central  Pennine  Alps  '  for 
minute  details  as  to  all  the  possible 
passages  across  the  ridge  between 
the  Otemma  glacier  and  the  Valpel-  i 
line,  we  may  limit  ourselves  in  this 
work  to  three,  which  seem  to  possess 
real,  practical  importance.  The  first 
leads  to  the  lower  reach  of  the  Val- 
pelline (Oyace),  the  second  to  the 
middle  reach  (Bionaz),  and  the  third 
to  the  head  (Praraye)  of  that  valley. 
(For  a  detailed  description  of  this 
valley  see  §  19.  Rte.  E.) 

From  Chanrion  the  way  to  these 
three  passes  is  the  same  as  far  as  the 
lower  part  of  the  Otemma  gl.,  but 
for  the  second  and  third  there  is  a 
shorter  route.  Instead  of  entering 
on  the  gl.  near  its  snout  and  then 
circling  round  under  the  icefall,  it  is 
better  to  take  a  rough  and  ill-defined 
path,  which  leads  up  the  rocks  N.  of 
the  icefall,  and  so  enables  a  traveller 
to  reach  the  upper  portion  of  the  gl. 
much  sooner  than  by  the  other  route. 
(After  leaving  the  Otenwia  gl,,  when 
coming  from  any  of  these  three  passes, 
and  gaining  the  cow  path,  it  is  neces- 
sary to  strike  up  over  grass  slopes, 
bearing  to  the  L ,  so  as  to  join  the  path 
mounting  from  the  bridge  over  the 
Dranse.  The  hut  is  not  visible  from 
any  point  within  a  couple  of  miles,  so 
that  it  is  not  easy  to  find,  especially 
as  mists  are  of  frequent  occurrence. ) 

1.  By  the  Col  de  Crete  Seche  to 
Oyace  or  Bio?iaz. — This  is  an  old  pass, 
as  it  is  described  by  P.  A.  Arnod,  at 


the  end  of  the  seventeenth  century, 
.and  offers  no  difficulties,  though  it  is 
not  passable  by  mules.     From  Chan- 
rion the  Otemma  glacier  is  crossed  in 
a  S.  direction,  and  then  the  tributary 
Crete  Seche  glacier  ascended  in  the 
same  direction  to  the  pass,  2,888  m., 
9,475  ft.  (3  hrs.  from  Chanrion.)  On 
the  S.  side  of  the  Col  is  a  slope  of 
neve,  followed  by  moderately  steep 
rocks,  very  rough  slopes  of  debris, 
and    the   remains   of    ancient  mo- 
raines.   On  the  way  a  fine  view  is 
gained  of  the  Grand  Paradis  group, 
straight  in  front,  and  on  the  1.  of  the 
Bee  de  Luseney,  a  very  fine  summit, 
the  highest  in  the  range  between  the 
Valpelline  and  the  St.  Barthelemy  glen 
(see  §  19.  Rte.  G).  A  track  leads  down 
the  Crete  Seche  glen  to  the  Valpelline, 
which  is  gained  at  a  point  f  hr.  above 
Oyace,  that  village  being  reached  in 
3  hrs.  from  the  pass.    Bionaz,  higher 
up  the  valley,  may  be  gained  direct 
from  the  Col    by  keeping  at  once 
N.E.  round  the  N.  end  of  Mont 
I   Berlon,  and  going  down  the  Verde- 
|   campe  glen  and  past  the  Berrie  huts. 
.   Or  from  the  lower  end  of  the  Crete 
!   Seche  glen  '  Bionaz  may  be  reached 
!   in  rather  less  time  than  Oyace  by 
I   bearing  to  the  1.  near  the  upper  limit 
of  tree  vegetation.    Following  a  little 
watercourse  ( Wasserleitung)  through 
\   the  forest,  the  traveller  reaches  the 
!   main  valley  close  to  the  village  of 
i   Bionaz'  (F.  G.) 

2.  By  the  Col  d' Otemma  or  the  Col 
!  de  Biancien  to  Bionaz  or  Praraye. — 
These  two  passes  are  separated  only 
by  a  rocky  crest,  and  are  approached 
from  the  Otemma  glacier  by  the  same 
tributary  glacier,  that  flowing  down 
from  between  the  Bee  de  la  Sciossa, 
3,480  m.,  11,418  ft.  (called  Sziassa 
or  Oule  Cecca  on  the  Siegfried  map), 
and  the  Bee  de  Biancien  (3,662  m. , 
12,015  ft.)  The  ascent  on  the  Swiss 
side  is  perfectly  straightforward,  either 
gap  being  attained  in  about  3J  hrs. 
from  Chanrion.  From  the  W.  gap,  the 
Col  d  Ote?nma  (3,363  m.,  11,034  ft., 
Italian  map),  the  Bee  de  la  Sciossa 
can  be  easily  ascended,  and  from  the 


ROUTE  H.  CHANRION 


TO  THE  VALPELLINE  451 


E.  gap,  or  Col  de  Blancien  (3,491  nr., 
11,454  ft.  Italian  map),  the  Bee  de 
Blancien  in  \  hr. 

From  either  gap  a  branch  of  the 
Sciossa  or  Sassa  glacier  is  descended 
to  the  glen  of  the  same  name,  through 
which  the  Valpelline  is  gained  (3J  hrs. ) 
at  a  point  \  hr.  above  Bionaz.  If 
bound  for  Praraye,  at  the  head  of  the 
Valpelline,  it  is  best  to  bear  E,  from 
the  Sassa  glacier  to  the  Col  de  Sassa 
(3,183  m.,  10,443  ft-)?  fc°m  which  a 
broad  snow  couloir  leads  down  to  the 
head  of  the  Combe  d'Oren,  the  Col 
de  Collon  route  being  thence  followed 
to  Praraye  (2 \  hrs.  from  the  first 
pass).  Praraye  can  also  be  gained 
in  2J  hrs.  from  the  Boetta  huts 
(2  hrs.  from  the  pass),  in  the  Sassa 
glen,  by  crossing  a  bridge  below  them 
and  then  following  an  upper  path 
round  the  hillside  and  across  a  brow. 

3.  By  the  Col  d'Oren  to  Praraye. — 
This  pass  was  originally  called  Col 
de  la  Reuse  (Aostan  word  for  a 
glacier)  d'Arolla,  and  this  name  is 
still  given  to  it  as  an  alternative  on 
the  Siegfried  map.  It  affords  the 
most  direct  route  from  Chanrion  to 
Praraye,  the  time  required  being  about 
7  hrs.  The  first  known  passage  by 
travellers  was  effected  in  1861  by 
Mr.  F.  F.  Tuckett,  accompanied  by 
Messrs.  C.  H.  and  W.  F.  Fox,  and 
guided  by  J.  J.  Bennen  and  Peter 
Perren.  After  gaining  the  Otemma 
glacier  from  Chanrion  it  is  only 
necessary  to  ascend  its  gentle  slopes 
till  after  passing  the  N.  spur  of  La 
Sengla  the  traveller  must  turn  S.E. 
up  a  lateral  glacier  (the  highest  tribu- 
tary on  the  S.  E.  side  of  the  Otemma 
glacier).  The  snow  slopes  soon 
become  steeper,  but  the  only  difficulty 
is  a  large  bergschrund,  after  crossing 
which  steps  must  be  cut  up  to  the 
pass  (3,242  m.,  10,637  ft.)  It  lies 
just  N.E.  of  La  Sengla  (3,702  m., 
12,146  ft.),  which  may  be  thence 
climbed  in  an  hour. 

[If  bound  for  Zermatt  by  the  direct 
route,  it  is  necessary  to  bear  E.  from 
-  the  lateral  glacier,  in  order  to  cross 
•  the  broad  snowy  depression  of  the 


Col  du  Petit  Mont  Collon  (3,300  m., 
10,827  ft.),  lying  just  S.  of  Petit  Mont 
Collon.  This  soon  leads  to  the  Col  de 
PEveque  (3,393  m.,  11,132  ft.),  which 
is  traversed  to  the  head  of  the  Arolla 
glacier  before  the  N.  Col  du  Mont 
Brule  is  attained.  For  details  see 
§  19.  Rte.  E.J 

Some  steep  rocks  lead  down  to.  the 
gently  inclined  upper-  slopes  of  the 
Oren  glacier,  down  which-  it*  is  neces- 
sary to  go  till*  the-icefall--  compels  the 
mountaineer  to  descend  the  rocks  on 
the  1.  bank,  in  order  to  gain  the  moraine 
of  the  lower  portion  of  the  same 
glacier.  Soon  after  the  route  of  the 
Col  de  Collon  is  joined  in-  the  Oren 
glen ?  and  followed  to  Praraye. 


Route  I. 

CHANRION      TO     AROLLA,      BY  THE 
OTEMMA    OR    BRENEY  GLACIERS. 

In  the  last  Rte.  we  described  the 
passes  leading  from  Chanrion  to  the 
Valpelline,  i.e.  over  the  range  which 
forms  the  S.E.  limit  of  the  great 
Otemma  gl.  The  rocky  range  which 
forms  the  N.  W.  boundary  of  that 
gl.  separates  it  from  the  Breney  gl. , 
and  over  both  of  these  ice  fields 
passes  lead  directly  or  indirectly 
to  Arolla.  The  first  of  the  three 
described  below  is  the  easiest,  but 
the  second  is  not  difficult,  and  should 
be  preferred  in  fine  weather,  as  it  can 
be  easily  combined  with  the  ascent  of 
the  Pigne  d'Arolla. 

1.  By  the  Col  de  Chermontane. — 
This  pass  lies  over  the  very  head  of 
the  Otemma  gl. ,  and  would  thus 
naturally  have  traversed  the  Crete  a 
Collon,  had  not  that  mysterious 
barrier  been  shown  not  to  exist 
(Rte.  H).  It  was,  indeed,  the  passage 
of  the  Col  de  Chermontane  in  1861 
which  finally  destroyed  that  shadowy 
ridge.  For  all  practical  purposes  this 
pass  was  discovered,  on  August  16, 
G  G  2 


452     PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


1 86 1,  by  Sir  T.  F.  Buxton,  Mr.  J.  J. 
Cowell,  and  Mr.  E.  N.  Buxton,  with 
Michel  Payot,  of  Chamonix,  as  leader. 
Perhaps,  however,  it  had  been  made 
before  that  date.  In  September  1853 
the  writer  (J.  B. )  was  informed  by 
the  younger  Pralong  and  another 
herdsman  at  the  Arolla  chalets  that  a 
stranger  had  mounted,  along  with  two 
men  of  the  valley,  by  one  of  the 
neighbouring  glaciers  (?  Piece  gl. ), 
and  had  passed  over  a  glacier  that 
reached  to  the  Val  de  Bagnes,  and 
that  there  is  a  pass  (?  Col  de  Crete 
Seche)  leading  from  the  same  gl. 
to  Valpelline.  It  is  worth  noting, 
though  it  may  be  merely  a  coinci- 
dence, that  in  1849  Herren  G.  Studer 
and  M.  Ulrich,  with  Jean  Pralong  as 
local  guide,  went  from  Arolla  to  the 
Val  de  Bagnes  by  the  Pas  de  Chevres, 
and  the  Cols  de  Seilon  and  du  Mont 
Rouge,  and  that  in  1852  the  same  two 
travellers,  with  a  local  porter,  went 
in  one  day  from  the  head  of  the 
Heremence  valley  to  the  Val  de 
Bagnes  by  the  Seilon  and  the  Mont 
Rouge  passes,  and  on  the  next  over 
the  Col  de  Crete  Seche  to  the  Val- 
pelline, returning  on  the  third  day  to 
Arolla  by  the  Col  de  Collon,  and 
sleeping  that  night  at  Pralong's  house 
at  Hauderes. 

The  way  from  Chanrion  to  the  Col 
de  Chermontane  is  for  a  considerable 
distance  nearly  the  same  as  that  to 
the  Col  d'Oren  (Reuse  d' Arolla, 
Rte.  H.  3),  except  that  on  gaining  the 
upper  level  it  is  better  to  keep  nearer 
the  N.  bank  of  the  gl.  The  summit 
of  the  Col  de  Chermontane  is  a  vast 
field  of  neve,  lying  between  the  Pigne 
d' Arolla  and  the  Mont  Collon,  and 
so  level  that  it  is  not  easy  to  deter- 
mine the  exact  watershed.  The  Sieg- 
fried map  makes  its  height  3,084  m. 
(10,119  ft.) 

The  direct  line  from  the  pass 
towards  Arolla  would  lie  N.  E.  down 
the  Vuibez  gl.,  which  joins  the  main 
stream  of  the  Arolla  gl.  at  the  N.W. 
base  of  the  Mont  Collon.  This  gl. 
descends  in  two  formidable  icefalls, 
divided  by  a  central  mass  of  rock,  the 


N.  icefall  being  again  divided  by  a  rib 
of  rock.  (The  N.  bit  of  the  N.  ice- 
fall,  immediately  under  the  Vuibez 
rocks,  is  known  as  the  Vuignette  ice- 
fall.  )  In  some  years  it  is  possible  to 
force  a  way  down  the  Vuibez  gl. 
by  the  central  mass  of  rock,  or 
partly  by  the  N.  icefall  itself,  partly 
by  the  rocks  on  one  or  other  side  of  it  ; 
but  at  present,  and  usually,  the  diffi- 
culty, not  to  say  danger,  of  such  a 
course  is  so  great  that  it  is  better 
to  aim  at  a  gap  in  the  ridge  of  the 
Vuibez  rocks  that  shut  in,  on  the 
N.  side,  the  two  icefalls  of  the  Vuibez 
gl. ,  the  opening  lying  just  N.  of  the 
N.  branch.  This  gap  (3,200  m., 
10,499  ft-)  is  called  the  Col  de  Piece, 
and  is  gained  by  a  sharp  ascent  and  then 
over  a  nearly  level  plateau  in  about 
f  hr.  from  the  Col  de  Chermontane,  or 
5  hrs.  from  Chanrion.  From  it  the 
traveller  enjoys  a  noble  view,  extend- 
ing through  the  openings  between  the 
neighbouring  peaks  to  many  distant 
Alpine  summits.  Immediately  on  the 
N.  of  the  Col  is  the  Piece  gl. ,  down 
which  lies  the  way  to  Arolla.  The 
best  way  is  to  circle  round  to  the  r. , 
and  cross  on  the  level  ice  to  its  /.  side 
to  the  crest  of  the  great  moraine  on 
its  1.  bank,  which  towers  above  the 
traveller.  He*e  there  is  a  path  which 
leads  along  that  crest,  and  then  over 
grass-covered  moraine  in  a  N.E. 
direction  down  to  Arolla,  the  hotel 
being  seen  from  afar  (if  hr. )  On 
the  1.  hand  is  the  Zigiorenove  gl., 
remarkable  for  its  rapid  alteration 
and  advance  of  recent  years,  as  well 
as  for  the  triple  series  of  great  moraines 
on  its  1.  bank. 

[Sometimes  it  is  best  to  follow  the  r. 
edge  of  the  Piece  gl.  under  the  Vuibez 
rocks.  At  the  N.  end  of  these  rocks 
a  small  side  tongue  of  ice  descends, 
which  must  be  crossed  (not  always 
easy),  after  which,  by  a  sort  of  path, 
the  route  to  Arolla,  described  above,  is 
joined.  After  quitting  the  Piece  gl. 
— particularly  if  by  the  r.  bank — care 
should  be  taken  not  to  bear  to  the  1. 
or  N.',  as  the  traverse  of  the  huge 
moraines   on    either    side    of  the 


ROUTE  I.    CHANRION  TO  AROLLA 


453 


Zigiorenove  gl.  is  very  wearisome, 
and  lengthens  the  descent  to  Arolla.  ] 

2.  By  the  Col  de  Breney. — This 
pass  lies  between  the  Pigne  d'Arolla 
on  the  E.  and  the  Serpentine  on  the 
W.  It  is,  perhaps,  the  finest  pass  from 
Chanrion  to  Arolla,  though  compe- 
tent judges  rate  the  Col  de  Cher- 
montane  even  higher.  From  Chan- 
rion it  is  necessary  to  go  N.  over 
stony  grass  slopes,  rocks,  and  moraine 
to  the  1.  bank  of  the  Breney  gl. 
(ijhr. ),  gained  above  its  crevassed 
lower  portion.  The,  traveller  must 
cross  the  gl.  to  its  r..  moraine,  which 
is  followed  for  some  way,  and  then 
go  up  the  main  gl.  itself,  turning 
the  icefall  by  its  N.  side,  and  so 
gaining  gentle  snow  fields  which  lead 
up  to  the  pass,  c.  3,620  m.,  11,877  ft. 
(4^-5  hrs. )  Hence  the  Serpentine 
(3,691  rm,  12,110  ft. )  may  be  gained 
in  J  hr.  by  its  long  snow  ridge.  A 
much  finer  view  is  to  be  had  from  the 
Pigne  d'Arolla  (3,801  m.,  12,471  ft.  ), 
one  of  the  most  famous  panoramic 
points  in  Switzerland.  From  the  Col 
a  gentle  snow  slope  leads  to  the  sum- 
mit in  20  min. ,  whence  it  is  easy  to 
reach  the  Col  de  Piece  in  \  hr.  more, 
and  so  descend  to,  Arolla.  The  view 
includes  all  the  chief  summits  of  the 
Pennine  and  Bernese  Oberland  Alps, 
and  extends  to  the  Grivola  and  Grand 
Paradis.  From  the  Col  de  Breney  the 
descent  lies  down  to  the  easy  Seilon 
gl.,  joining  the  route, from  the  Col  de 
Seilon  (Rte.  K)  on  the  level  lower 
portion  of  that  gl. ,  Arolla  being  then 
gained  by  the  Pas  de  Chevres  ( 3  hrs. ) 

3.  By  the  Col  de  la  Serpentine. — 
In  1865  Messrs.  A.  W.  Moore  and 
H.  Walker  made  a  new  pass  to  which 
they  gave  the  name  of  Col  de  Breney, 
but  the  Swiss  surveyors  have  altered 
this  to  the  more  distinctive  name  of  Col 
de  la  Serpentine,  as  the  route  lies  up 
a  branch  of  the  Breney  gl.  which  is 
really  an  independent  gl.  and  deserves 
the  name  of  Serpentine  gl.  The  pass 
lies  between  the  rocky  N.  spur  of  the 
Serpentine  and  the  Mont  Blanc  de 
Seilon.  It  is  to  be  noted  that  it  is 
far  easier  to  gain  the  pass  from  Arolla 


by  the  Pas  de  Chevres  and  Seilon  gl. 
than  by  the  Zinareffien  rocks,  as  de- 
scribed below,  and  that  the  Mont 
Blanc  de  Seilon  may  be  climbed  from 
the  pass  in  2  hrs.  by  the  S.  face,  then 
the  crest,  of  the  E.  arete.  '  We  fol- 
lowed for  a  while  the  path  leading  to, 
the  Pas  de  Chevres,  and  then,  bear- 
ing to  the  1.,  in  ji  hr.  attained  the 
Zigiorenove  gl.,  here  quite  level. 
H-igher  up  the  gl.  is  a  continuous  ice- 
fall  of  the  most  impracticable  charac- 
ter. The  rocks  on  its  r.  bank  do  not 
look  promising,  but  in  those  on  the  1. 
we  found  an  accessible  point.  We 
reached  their  base  in  §  hr. , .  and  after 
\\  hr. 's  severe  climbing  succeeded  in 
getting  on  to  the  gl.  again,  above  the 
icefall.  Above  there  was  no  further 
difficulty,  and  in  1  hr.  40  min.  we 
reached  what  appeared  to  be  the 
highest  point  in  the  snowfield,  which 
also  feeds  the  Seilon  gl.  and  the  W. 
branch  of  the  Breney  gl.  The  eleva- 
tion of  the  pass  was  a  great  surprise 
(3,546  m. ,,11,634  ft.),  as  we  looked 
fairly  over  the  Col  d'Herens  (3,480 
m..,  11,418  ft.)  From  1  this  point  we 
ascended  the  Pigne  d'Arolla  (3,801 
m. ,  12,471  ft.)  in  1  hr.  with  ease. 
This  is  not  properly  a  peak,  but 
merely  the  highest  undulation  in  a 
snow  field,  and  is  cut  away  precipit- 
ously towards  the  N.  We  returned 
to  the  Col  in  \  hr. ,  and,  passing 
between  the  Mont  Blanc  de  Seilon 
and  the  N.  end  of  the  ridge  of  the 
Serpentine,  descended  the  W.  branch 
of  the  Breney  gl.  We  found  a  toler- 
able passage  through  the  icefall  on  its 
1.  side,  but  should  have  done  better 
had  we  kept  to  the  other  side,  under 
the  Ruinette.  Below  the  icefall  we 
joined  the  main  stream  of  the  Breney 
gl.,  at  the  S.  foot  of  the  Serpentine, 
and  finally  quitted  the  ice  on  its  1. 
bank  in  2.\  hrs.  from  the  Col.  Thence 
we  descended  in  f  hr.  to  a  point  at 
the  head  of  the  Val  de  Bagnes,  not 
far  from  Chanrion,  which  was  reached 
in  9!  hrs.'  walking  from  Arolla,  in- 
cluding the  ascent  of  the  Pigne 
d'Arolla '(A.  W.  M.) 

From  the  pass  the  Mont  Blanc 


454     PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


de  Seilon  (3,871  m.,  ^2,700  ft.)  may 
be  climbed  in  2  hrs.  by  skirting  along 
the  S.  slope  of  the  E.  ridge  till  that 
ridge  is  gained  close  to  the  great  cor- 
nice on  the  N.  side,  and  then  clamber- 
ing over  and  around  many  rock  pin- 
nacles. If  the  peak  is  climbed  from 
Arolla  and  back  this  route  affords  the 
means  of  traversing  it  to -the  Col  de 
Seilon. 


ROUTE  K. 

MAUVOISIN  OR  CHANRION  TO  AROLLA 
OR  HERE"ivIENCE  BY  THE  COLS  DU 
MONT  ROUGE  AND  DE  SEILON. 

These  passes,  long  familiar  to  the 
hunters  of  Bagnes,  though  but  rarely 
used  by  them,  became  known  to 
travellers  only  after  they  had  been 
crossed  (and  described)  by  Herren  G. 
Studer  and  M.  Ulrich  in  1849  and 
1852,  as  well  as  by  Messrs.  E.  S. 
Kennedy,  Ainslie,  and  Stevenson  in 
1855,  and  by  Messrs.  W.  and  C.  E. 
Mathews  in  1856.  Now  they  form 
the  usual  high-level  route  between 
the  Val  de  Bagnes  and  Arolla,  so  that 
they  are  frequently  traversed  every 
summer. 

The  Gietroz  gl.  may  be  reached 
either  from  the  inn  at  Mauvoisin  or 
from  the  new  Club  hut  (Rte.  H)  at 
Chanrion  ;  in  the  latter  case  only  is  it 
necessary  to  cross  the  Col  du  Mont 
Rouge,  which  is  practically  level  with 
the  upper  plateau  of  the  Gietroz  gl. 

If  starting  from  Mauvoisin  the 
traveller  must  descend  from  the  hillock 
on  which  stands  the  inn,  and  follow 
the  path  up  the  valley  on  the  1.  bank 
of  the  Dranse  for  about  \  hr. ,  when 
a  bridge  leads  across  the  stream.  The 
path  along  the  r.  bank  of  the  torrent  is 
followed  for  5  min.  more,  when  it  is 
quitted  for  another  which  bears  E. 
up  the  hill-side  to  a  shepherd's  hut. 
Then  it  is  necessary  to  mount  N.  E. 


by  steep  grass,  and  up  a  great  slope 
of  black  rocks  and  shale  to  a  point 
called  the  Col  de  Gietroz  (3  hrs.) 
This  point  is  really  the  1.  edge  of  the 
Gietroz  gl.,  at  the  N.W.  end  of  the 
rocky  ridge  bounding  it  on  the  W. , 
and  just  S.  of  the  spot  where  the 
great  ice  tongue  of  that  gl.  descends 
into  the  Val  de  Bagnes.  (Hence  the 
Mont  Pleurtur  (3,706  m.,  12,159  ft.) 
may  be  ascended  in  2  hrs.  by  its  S. 
face  and  S.W.  arete.    See  Rte.  E. ) 

[As  a  matter  of  history  we  may  just 
mention  here  that  the  old  route  from 
Mauvoisin  made  a  great  circuit  from 
the  shepherd's  hut  in  a  S.  direction 
to  the  Lyrerose  gl.  ,  and  so  to  the  Col 
du  Mont  Rouge.  3 

From  the  Col  de  Gietroz  an  easy' 
snow  walk  of  J-f  hr.  (according  to  the 
condition  of  the  snow)  in  a  S.E. 
direction  leads  to  the  Col  de  Seilon 
(c.  3,200  m.,  10,499  ft.),  a  snowy 
depression  just  S.E.  of  the  rocks 
marked  3,250  m.  on  the  Siegfried 
map. 

If  coming  from  Chanrion  the  Col 
de  Breney  route  (Rte.  I.  2)  must  be 
followed  to  the  moraine  on  the  r. 
bank  of  the  Breney  gl.,  and  then 
stones  mounted  in  a  N.W.  direction  to 
the  S.  edge  of  the  Lyrerose  gl. ,  at 
the  point  called  Col  de  Lyrerose, 
3,090m.,  10,138  ft.  (2  hrs.)  Thence 
an  easy  ascent  N.  up  that  gl.  brings 
the  traveller  in  1  hr.  more  to  the 
Col  du  Mont  Rouge  (3,341  m., 
10,962  ft.)  From  this  pass  there  is 
a  very  fine  view  to  the  N. ,  W. ,  and  S. , 
which  may  be  extended  by  mounting 
in  a  few  minutes  to  the  knoll  on  the 
N.  W. ,  named  Mont  Rattge  de  Gietroz 
(3,427  m.,  11,244  ft.) 

From  the  Col  du  Mont  Rouge  or 
'the  Col  de  Gietroz  it  is  seen  how 
extensive  an  upper  reservoir  of  neve 
is  drained  by  the  comparatively  small 
icefall  which  is  all  that  is  to  be  seen 
of  the  Gietroz  gl.  from  the  Val  de 
Bagnes.  The  upper  basin  of  that 
gl.  (across  which  a  traverse  in  a  N.E. 
direction  leads  in  \  hr.  from  the  Col 
du  Mont  Rouge  to  the  Col  de  Seilon)  is 
a  nearly  level  snow  field,  lying  N.W. 


ROUTE  K.    MAUVOISIN  OR  CHANRION  TO  AROLLA  455 


of  the  Mont  Blanc  de  Seilon  (3,87 1  m. , 
12,700  ft. )  and  the  Ruinette,  3,879  m. , 
12,727  ft.  (the  two  highest  summits  of 
the  mountain  region  extending  from  the 
Grand  Com  bin  to  the  Dent  Blanche), 
and  S.  of  the  black  slopes  of  the 
Mont  Pletireur  (3,706  m.,  12,159  ft.) 

[The  ascent  of  the  last-named  peak 
from  the  Col  de  Gietroz  has  been 
noticed  above.  The  Mont  Blanc  de 
Seilon  is  best  ascended  from  the  Col 
de  Seilon  itself  in  about  2  hrs.  by 
following  its  W.  rocky  ridge  to  the 
gap  N.  of  a  great  snow  dome  on  the 
S.  arete,  whence  a  rock  ridge,  often 
fringed  by  a  dangerous  corniche — 
precautions  necessary — leads  to  the 
summit,  which  commands  a  very  fine 
view.  The  peak  may  also  be  gained 
in  2  hrs.  from  the  Col  de  la  Serpentine 
(Rte  I.  3).  The  Rui?iette  may  be 
climbed  in  2-4  hrs.  from  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  the  Col  du  Mont  Rouge 
by  gaining  from  the  N.  W.  some  point 
on  its  upper  S.W.  arete,  but  is  more 
conveniently  taken  in  4  hrs.  from 
Chanrion  (Rte.  H)  by  ascending  easy 
rocks  from  the  Col  de  Lyrerose  itself 
to  the  S.  arete.  It  is  possible  to 
follow  the  ridge  (first  bit  the  hardest) 
from  the  summit  of  the  Ruinette  to 
that  of  the  Mont  Blanc  de  Seilon  in 
about  4  hrs.  J 

The  Col  de  Seilon  forms  the  water- 
shed between  the  Val  de  Bagnes  and 
the  Val  d'Heremence.  On  the 
Heremence  side  a  considerable  gl. 
descends,  which  bore  many  names  on 
the  early  maps,  but  is  now  best  known 
as  the  Seilon  gl.  In  descending  this 
gl.  it  is  desirable  to  get  off  as  soon  as 
possible  on  to  the  debris  on  its  1. 
bank,  which  is  followed  to  its  level 
lower  portion.  Here  the  routes  to 
to  Arolla  and  Heremence  divide. 

(a)  If  bound  to  Arolla  the  traveller 
must  cross  to  the  r.  bank  of  the  gl. 
(less  than  1  hr.  from  the  Col  de 
Seilon),  and  then  traverse  at  some 
point  the  ridge  between  the  Mont 
Rouge  d' Arolla  on  the  N.  and  the 
Zinareffien  rocks  on  the  S.  Two 
passes  at  least  lead  over  this  range. 
The  lowest  point  in  the  ridge  is  the 


well-known  Pas  de  Chevres  (2,85 1  m. , 
9, 354  ft. )  On  this  side  a  clearly  marked 
sloping  rocky  ledge  leads  to  the  pass 
in  10  min.  or  so.  It  is  not  really  diffi- 
cult (though  care  must  betaken,  since 
a  fall  entails  very  unpleasant  results), 
but  is  at  first  sight  so  formidable  that 
in  1856  Messrs.  Mathews,  guided  by 
Bernard  Trolliet,  preferred  to  avoid 
it  by  climbing  over  the  ridge  at  a 
higher  point,  rather  further  to  the  S. 
A  little  to  the  N.  of  the  Pas  de 
Chevres  is  the  somewhat  higher  Col 
de  Riedmatten  (2,916  m.,  9,567  ft.), 
which,  it  is  said,  mules  can  traverse. 
Once  the  ridge  crossed,  by  one  or  the 
other  pass,  there  is  an  easy  descent  E. 
by  a  rough  but  gradually  improving 
path  over  fine  pastures  along  the  L 
side  of  the  glen  to  Arolla,  reached  in 
\\  hr.  from  the  Pas  de  Chevres,  or 
about  2,\  hrs.  from  the  Col  de  Seilon. 

(b)  A  party  bound  for  Heremence 
should  continue  to  descend  the  gl. 
for  some  way,  then  quit  it  on  its  1. 
bank,  and  so  gain  the  Seilon  huts 
(l§  hr.  from  the  Col  de  Seilon). 
Thence  it  is  a  walk  of  4-5  hrs.  to  the 
village  of  Heremence,  through  the 
glen  of  that  name,  described  in  the 
following  Rte, 


Route  L. 

SION    TO    THE    VAL    DE    BAGNES,  OR 
AROLLA  BY  THE  VAL  D'HEREMENCE. 

Of  all  the  considerable  upland  val- 
leys of  the  Central  Pennine  Alps  the  Val 
d'Heremence  is  certainly  that  which 
has  least  attracted  the  attention  of 
travellers,  though  its  uppermost  bit  is 
very  well  known,  as  it  must  be  tra- 
versed by  numerous  parties  on  their 
way  to  or  over  the  Col  de  Seilon. 
Historically  it  is  interesting  as  having 
formed  the  most  easterly  bit  of  the 
domains  of  the  Duke  of  Savoy  in  the 
Vallais,  though  in  1475  it  shared  the 
fate  of  the  rest  of  '  Savoyard  Vallais/ 


456     PENNINE  ALPS.    §  18.  GRAND  COMBIN  DISTRICT 


being  then  conquered  by  the  men  of 
the  Upper  Vallais  and  their  bishop, 
so  that  it  became  part  of  '  Episcopal 
Vallais. '  The  Borgne  here  formed  the 
limit  of  these  two  divisions,  as  the 
Morge,  below  Sion,  did  in  the  Rhone 
valley.  Oxytropis  fcetida,  Carex 
microglochin,  and  Agrostis  purpui-ea 
have  been  found  in  this  glen. 

From  Sion  the  road  towards  Evo- 
lena  (§19.  Rte.  A)  is  followed  as  far  as 
(5 \  m.)  Vex.  Hence  a  cart  track 
leads  up  S.  (above  and  W.  of  the  high 
road  to  Evolena)  to  the  chief  village, 
Heremence  (1,236  m.,  4,055  ft.),  in 
I  hr. ,  which  is  finely  situated,  and  com- 
mands a  good  view  of  the  main 
Herens  valley,  with  the  peak  of  the 
Dent  d'Herens  in  the  background.  It 
is  at  the  mouth  of  the  Heremence 
glen  and  above  the  junction  of  its 
stream,  the  Dixenze,  with  the  Borgne. 
Various  steps  met  with  in  mounting 
in  the  Heremence  glen  bear  the  names 
of  Val  des  Dix,  Val  d' Or  sera,  and  Val 
de  la  Barma.  The  mule  path  ascends 
along  the  1.  bank  of  the  Dixenze,  and 
in  I  hr.  more  reaches  the  huts  of 
Mars. 

[Above  and  to  the  S.W.  is  the 
curious  grotto  in  a  cliff  called  Caverne 
d'Arzinol,  or  Grotte  des  Fees,  said  to 
bear  traces  of  having  served  as  a 
dwelling  for  some  of  the  primitive  in- 
habitants of  the  valley,  but  more 
probably  connected  with  some  mining 
operations.  J 

2  hrs.  beyond,  the  path,  having 
passed  through  a  narrow  gorge  and 
crossed  to  the  r.  bank,  gains  the 
Mayens  of  Prazlong  (1,608  m., 
5,276  ft.),  in  the  Val  d'Orsera. 

[Hence  the  Col  de  Meina  or 
oTArzinol  (2,706  m.,  S,SyS  ft.)  leads 
in  5  hrs.  by  a  mule  track  to  Evolena, 
on  the  E.  The  Pic  oTArzinol 
(3,001  m. ,  9,846  ft. )  is  easily  ascended 
direct  by  its  N.W.  face,  or  in  1  hr. 
from  the  pass  to  the  S.J 

1  hr.  higher  up  the  valley,  on  the  r. 
bank,  are  the  Meribe  chalets. 

[The  Col  de  Meina,  also  called  Col 
de  Meribe,  is  easily  reached  from  here 
also.    On  the  S.W.  the  Col  de  Praz- 


fleury  gives  access  to  the  Cleuson 
glen,  the  head  of  the  Nendaz  valley, 
which  joins  the  Rhone  valley  a  little 
below  Sion.  But  from  the  Col  a 
traverse  S.W.  over  the  Grand  Desert 
gl.  brings  the  traveller  to  the  Col  de 
Lou  vie  (§  18.  Rte.  E),  by  which  Fion- 
nay,  in  the  middle  reach  of  the  Val  de 
Bagnes,  is  gained  in  about  6  hrs. 
from  Meribe.  3 

From  Meribe  a  steep  ascent  leads 
to  the  upper  part  (Val  de  la  Barma) 
of  the  Heremence  glen,  the  Barma 
huts,  on  the  1.  bank,  being  attained  in 
rather  more  than  1  hr. 

[Hence  the  Cols  de  Sevreu  and 
du  Cret  lead  over  the  Ecoulaies  gl. 
to  Fionnay,  in  the  Val  de  Bagnes, 
in  5  or  6  hrs.  The  Pointe  de  Rosa 
Blanche  (3,348  m.,  10,985  ft.)  may 
be  climbed  frOm  the  former  pass  by 
the  S.  arete  in  1  hr. ,  or  direct  from 
the  Barma  huts  by  the  Mourti  gl. 
and  the  S.  arete.  E.  of  the  huts  the 
Col  de  Darbomieire  is  the  best  way  of 
gaining  the  Arolla  valley  or  Evolena. 
From  it  the  Pointe  de  Vouasson 
(3,496  m.,  11,470  ft.),  on  the  N.,  is 
easily  reached,  and  on  the  S.  the  N. 
peak  (c.  3,600  m. ,  11,812  ft.)  of  the 
Aigs.  Rouges  d'Arolla.Jl 

Several  groups  of  chalets  lie  higher 
up  towards  the  head  of  the  valley.  The 
last  (6J-  hrs.  from  Heremence)  are  those 
of  Liappey  (2,326  m.,  7,632  ft.)  and 
Seilon  (2,272  m.,  7,454  ft.),  on  the  1. 
and  r.  bank  respectively,  the  last- 
named  huts  being  just  at  the  foot  of 
the  great  Seilon  gl.,  ij  hr.  from  La 
Barma. 

[Hence  the  Col  de  Vasevay  (3,263 
m.,  10,706  ft.)  leads  in  6  hrs.  over 
to  the  Mauvoisin  inn,  in  the  Val 
de  Bagnes.  The  Mont  Pletiretir 
(3,706  m.,  12,159  ft. )  can  be  climbed 
in  2-3  hrs.  from  the  Col  (Rte.  E), 
or  direct  from  Liappey  by  the  Len- 
darey  gl.,  and  by  its  E.  rock  and 
snow  face.  On  the  E.  the  A  igs.  Rouges 
d1 Arolla  (3,650  m.,  11,976  ft.)  can  be 
climbed  by  gaining  the  gaps  between 
them,  as  from  Arolla.  "J 

Above  the  Seilon  huts  the  valley  is 
closed  by  the  Seilon  gl.  After  mount- 


§  ig.  EVOLENA,  ZINAL,  AND  VALPELLINE  DISTRICT  457 


ing  up  this  a  little  way  the  Col  de 
Riedmatten  or  the  Pas  de  Chevres 
leads  E.  over  to  Arolla  in  about  3  hrs. 
from  the  huts.  By  continuing  to 
ascend  this  gl.  it  is  easy  to  pass  over 
to  Mauvoisin  by  the  Col  de  Seilon  in 
about  6  hrs. ,  or  to  cross  the  Cols  du 
Mont  Rouge  and  de  Lyre  Rose  to 
Chanrion,  a  rather  longer  route.  By 
keeping  S.E.  up  the  Seilon  gl.  the 
Col  de  Breney  may  be  traversed  to 
Chanrion  (6-7  hrs.)  For  all  these 
passes  from  the  head  of  the  Here- 
mence  glen  see  Rtes.  I  and  K. 


SECTION  19. 

EVOLENA,  ZINAL,  AND  VALPEL- 
LINE DISTRICT. 

The  principal  valleys  through  which 
the  drainage  of  the  Central  Pennine 
Alps  is  borne  down  to  the  Rhone 
present  some  striking  points  of  agree- 
ment. In  ascending  the  valleys  of 
Herens  or  Anniviers  (described  in 
the  present  Section),  or  that  of  the 
Visp  (§  20)  the  traveller  finds,  after 
a  few  miles,  that  the  main  stream 
is  formed  by  the  union  of  two  tor- 
rents, originating  in  two  nearly 
parallel  glens,  and  uniting  at  the 
base  of  the  mountain  ridge  or  spur 
which  had  previously  divided  them. 
Something  of  the  same  kind  is  seen 
in  the  valley  of  the  Dranse  du  Grand 
St.  Bernard  (§  18.  Rte.  A),  but  the 
bounding  ranges  do  not  follow  so 
closely  the  meridional  direction  as  in 
those  just  mentioned.  Alternating 
with  the  gorges  through  which  the 
Borgne,  the  Navigenze,  and  the 
Vispach  flow  into  the  Rhone  valley, 
the  much  shorter  valleys  of  Nendaz, 
Rechy,  Turtmann,  and  Gamsen 
drain  the  N.  part  of  the  intervening 
mountain  ranges. 

The  two  principal  valleys  included 
in  this  Section,  the  Val  d' Herens 
{Germ.  Eringerthal)  and  the  Val 
d' Anniviers    {Germ.  Einfischthal), 


were  for  very  many  years  amongst  the 
least  known  in  the  Swiss  Alps, 
mainly  because  of  an  exaggerated 
impression  that  the  inhabitants  were 
a  rude  and  semibarbarous  race,  and 
that  the  traveller  must  there  en- 
counter an  unusual  amount  of  filth 
and  privation.  Upon  extremely 
slender  grounds  some  Swiss  and 
German  writers  have  attributed  to 
the  people  a  foreign  extraction 
(Scandinavian,  Cimbric,  Magyar, 
Hunnish,  Saracenic),  and  made  these 
valleys  the  seat  of  peculiar  legends 
which  are  really  common  to  a  large  por- 
tion of  the  Swiss  Alps.  In  a  first  visit 
made  by  the  writer  (J.  B. )  in  1845  to 
the  Val  d' Anniviers  he  found  little  or 
nothing  in  the  language  or  appearance 
of  the  people  to  distinguish  them 
from  those  of  the  Dranse  valley, 
save  what  might  be  attributed  to 
the  rarity  of  their  intercourse  with 
strangers.  They  appeared  very  in- 
dustrious and  hospitably-inclined,  but 
extremely  dirty  in  their  habits.  The 
necessities  of  their  position  lead  them 
(as  is  the  case  in  many  other  Alpine 
valleys)  to  live  a  partly  nomadic  life. 
The  same  family  possessing  some 
patches  of  arable  land  in  the  lower 
part  of  the  valley,  some  pastures  and 
meadows  higher  up,  a  share  in  a 
cattle  alp  on  the  upper  slopes  of  the 
mountains,  with  perhaps  a  patch 
of  vineyard  in  the  Rhone  valley, 
and  each  place  being  several  hours' 
walk  from  the  other,  they  are  led 
to  change  their  dwellings  several 
times  in  a  year.  Hence  it  is  not 
uncommon  to  find  large  groups  of 
houses,  called  may  ens  ^  approaching 
the  dimensions  of  a  village,  without  a 
single  inhabitant,  the  place  being 
used  only  for  some  weeks  in  the  early 
summer  and  again  in  the  autumn, 
during  the  passage  of  their  cattle 
between  their  winter  quarters  in  the 
lower  valley  and  the  upper  pastures. 
The  above  remarks  apply  only  to  the 
upper  part  of  the  Val  d'Anniviers 
and  to  the  valley  of  Turtmann. 
These  glens  seem  to  be  still  in  the 
state  in  which  most  Alpine  valleys 


458  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  19. 


EVOLENA  DISTRICT 


formerly  were,  for  it  is  an  established 
historical  fact  that  the  upper  bits  of 
mountain  valleys  (e.g.  Macugnaga, 
Saas,  &c. )  were  first  used  simply  as 
summer  pastures  till  gradually  certain 
persons  took  up  their  permanent 
residence  therein,  and  so  each  in 
course  of  time  acquired  a  fixed 
population. 

In  point  of  scenery  these  two 
valleys — especially  the  Val  d'Anni- 
viers — scarcely  yield  to  any  in  the 
Swiss  Alps,  unless  it  be  to  the 
neighbouring  valleys  of  Zermatt  and 
Saas.  The  opening  of  good  inns  at 
Evolena,  Arolla,  and  Ferpecle,  in  the 
Val  d'Herens,  at  Zinal,  St.  Luc,  and 
Vissoye,  in  the  Val  d'Anniviers,  and 
at  Gruben,  in  the  Turtmann  valley, 
has  done  much  to  attract  strangers 
to  this  district.  The  glacier  passes 
leading  to  it  are  full  of  interest  to  the 
mountaineer,  but  are  all  somewhat 
laborious  and  scarcely  to  be  recom- 
mended to  most  ladies  or  to  unpractised 
pedestrians.  Those  connecting  the 
Val  d'Herens  with  the  Val  de  Bagnes 
have  been  described  in  the  last 
Section  (Rtes.  I  and  K).  The  main, 
or  Arolla,  branch  of  the  Herens 
valley  penetrates  somewhat  further 
S.  than  the  Anniviers  glen,  so  that, 
save  a  small  bit  of  the  Ferpecle 
branch  near  the  Col  des  Bouquetins, 
it  alone  attains  the  frontier  ridge 
between  Switzerland  and  Italy.  It 
is,  therefore,  practically  most  con- 
venient to  include  in  this  Section  the 
long,  but  little  visited,  Valpelline,  on 
the  Italian  side  of  the  watershed,  for 
one  of  the  oldest  of  Alpine  glacier 
passes,  the  Col  de  Collon,  leads 
through  the  Arolla  and  Valpelline 
glens  to  Aosta  (Rte.  D).  The  accom- 
modation therein  is  still  very  poor, 
though  the  climber  may  find  rough 
quarters  at  Praraye  and  Bionaz,  and 
a  fair  inn  at  the  village  of  Valpelline 
itself.  On  the  other  hand,  as  the 
Heremence  glen,  though  it  is  a  tribu- 
tary of  the  Val  d'Herens,  communi- 
cates directly  with  the  Val  de  Bagnes, 
it  is  best  included  in  §  18  (Rte.  L). 

The  limits  of  the  area  described  in 


the  present  Section  are  therefore  as 
follows.  It  extends  from  the  Arolla 
and  Valpelline  valleys  on  the  W.  to 
the  Zermatt  and  Valtournanche  glens 
on  the  E. ,  while  on  the  N.  the 
boundary  is  the  Rhone  valley  from 
Sion  to  Visp,  and  on  the  S.  the 
valley  of  the  Dora  Baltea  from  Aosta 
to  Chatillon.  In  other  words,  it 
takes  in  the  mountainous  region 
between  Arolla  and  Zermatt,  which 
comprises  the  Arolla,  Ferpecle, 
Herens,  Anniviers,  and  Turtmann 
glens  on  the  N.  side  of  the  great 
watershed,  and  the  Valpelline  glen 
on  the  S.  side.  For  minute  details  as 
to  most  of  the  peaks  and  passes  men- 
tioned in  the  following  pages  the 
reader  is  referred  to  Sir  Martin 
Conway's  4  Central  Pennine  Alps  ' 
volume  (1890)  of  the  'Climbers' 
Guide  '  series.  Mr.  Larden's  pains- 
taking and  elaborate  '  Guide  d'Arolla ' 
(still  in  MS.)  is  deposited  in  the 
Arolla  Kurhaus,  while  Signori  Mon- 
dini  and  Canzio's  monograph  on  the 
mountains  round  the  St.  Barthelemy 
valley  (Rte.  G)  is  indispensable  to  the 
traveller  who  would  explore  those 
regions.  Avery  useful  list,  in  tabular 
form,  of  all  the  peaks  and  passes  on 
the  long  ridge  between  the  Valpelline 
and  the  Valtournanche  was  published 
by  Mr.  Alfred  G.  Topham  in  the 
17th  vol.  of  the  4  Alpine  Journal,' 
and  may  be  mentioned  here,  though 
it  is  more  convenient  to  describe 
certain  of  these  peaks  in  §  20.  Rte.  B, 
because  they  are  most  usually  climbed 
from  Breuil,  in  the  Valtournanche. 


ROUTE  A.    SION  TO  EVOLENA  BY  THE  VAL  D'HERENS  459 


Route  A. 

SION  TO  EVOLENA  BY  THE  VAL 
D'HERENS.  EXCURSIONS  FROM 
EVOLENA. 

Carriage  road  on  the  /.  bank  of  the 
Borgne,  15I  m.,  traversed  by  the  post 
cart  in  5!  hrs.  ;  the  old  mule  path  runs 
along  the  r.  bank  of  the  Borgne. 

After  crossing  the  bridge  over  the 
Rhone  at  Sion  the  road  (leaving  on 
the  1.  the  mule  path  by  Bramois,  Mage, 
and  St.  Martin,  on  the  r.  bank  of  the 
Borgne)  leads  to  the  foot  of  the  moun- 
tain-side. This  it  ascends  by  long 
windings  on  the  1.  bank  of  the  Borgne 
to  (5 J  m. )  Vex,  the  easternmost  village 
in  'Lower'  or  'Savoyard  Vallais,' 
which  in  1475  was  conquered  by  the 
bishop  of  Sion  and  the  men  of 
<  Upper'  or  '  Episcopal  Vallais.'  (A 
pedestrian  by  taking  the  short  cut  may 
save  an  hour  between  Sion  and  Vex. ) 
During  the  ascent  the  traveller  may 
see  on  the  other  side  of  the  valley  the 
curious  sixteenth-century  hermitage  of 
Longe  Borgne,  the  whole  of  which  is 
hewn  out  of  the  living  rock.  Before 
reaching  Vex  the  level  of  the  Val 
d'Herens  has  been  attained,  and  the 
Ferpecle  gl.,  crowned  by  the  Tete 
Blanche,  the  Dent  Blanche,  the  Dent 
d'Herens,  and  the  Grandes  Dents, 
comes  into  sight.  The  road  passes 
below  the  village  of  Herhnence,  at  the 
mouth  of  the  glen  of  the  same  name 
(§  18.  Rte.  L),  and  presently  crosses 
the  Dixenze  torrent,  flowing  from 
it.  Soon  after*  the  road  tunnels  through 
an  old  moraine  to  (9§  m. )  Useigne. 
This  moraine  is  remarkable  for  some 
singular  '  earth  pillars,'  or  columns 
of  earth,  each  capped  by  a  boulder  of 
rock,  which  has  protected  the  shaft 
from  erosion  by  rain.  These  '  Pyra^ 
mides  d' Useigne  '  are  probably  the 
best  known  examples  of  their  kind, 
but  similar  pillar's  occur  in  other  parts 
of  the  Alps,  especially  in  Dauphine, 
near  Molines,  and  in  the  Fournel 
gorge,  near  Argentiere  and  La  Bessee. 
Some  way  beyond  Useigne  the  road 
crosses  to  the  r.  bank  of  the  Borgne, 
which  is  reached  a  little  below  St. 


Martin  (1,387  m.,  4,551  ft),  the 
mother  church  of  the  valley.  It  con- 
tinues to  mount  along  that  bank  for 
some  distance,  till  it  suddenly  emerges 
on  the  broad,  green,  and  nearly  level 
stretch  of  valley  in  the  midst  of  which 
( 1 5f  m.  from  Sion)  is  the  hamlet  of 
Evolena  (1,378  m.,  4,521  ft.)  The 
contrast  between  this  peaceful  dale 
and  the  singularly  desolate  region 
through  which  the  road  has  passed 
before  gaining  it  is  very  great. 

The  situation  of  Evolena  is  not  to 
be  compared  with  that  of  many  other 
mountain  resorts,  but  it  is  a  pleasant 
stopping  place  for  travellers  who  do 
not  wish  to  climb,  and  for  climbers 
driven  down  from  Arolla  or  Ferpecle 
by  bad  weather. 

From  Evolena  itself  the  most  in- 
teresting climb  is  the  ascent  of  the 
Point  de  Vouasson  (3,496  m. ,  11,470 
ft. ),  on  the  S.  W. ,  a  very  easy  snow  ex- 
pedition, rewarded  by  a  very  fine  view. 
It  takes  5  hrs. ,  and  the  way  lies  through 
the  Merdesson  glen,  over  the  Vouasson 
gl.,  and  up  the  N.E.  face  of  the 
peak.  There  is  an  easy  descent  on 
the  S.  to  the  neighourhood  of  the 
Col  de  Darbonneire,  by  which 
Arolla  can  be  gained  in  2§  hrs.  from 
the  top,  so  that  a  climber  can  take 
this  peak  on  his  way  from  Evolena 
to  Arolla  or  vice  versa  (see  Rte.  B.  2). 
Other  excursions  are  the  Sasseneire, 
3,259  m.,  10,693^  ft.  (5  hrs.),  the 
Couronne  de  Bre'onna,  3,164  m., 
10,381  ft.  (4  hrs.),  both  on  the  E. 
side  of  the  valley,  and  the  Pic 
oVArzinol,  3,001  m.,  9,846ft.  (4 hrs.), 
on  the  W.  side  of  the  glen. 


Route  B. 

EVOLENA    TO    AROLLA.  EXCURSIONS 
AND  ASCENTS  FROM  AROLLA. 

If  the  weather  be  favourable,  the 
mountaineer  will  soon  quit  Evolena 
for  the  head  of  one  or  other  of  the 
two    glens    into    which    the  Val 


460 


PENNINE  ALPS.    §  19. 


EVOLENA  DISTRICT 


d'Herens  divides  at  Hauderes,  about 
I  hr.  S.  of  Evolena.  The  glen  to  the 
S.E.  is  the  Ferpecle  glen  (described  in 
Rte.  H),  through  which  lies  the  route 
to  Zermatt  over  the  Col  d'Herens. 
That  to  the  S.W.  leads  to  Arolla, 
now  a  favourite  resort  of  climbers. 

The  char  road  follows  the  r.  bank 
of  the  Borgne  to  Hauderes,  beyond 
which  it  becomes  a  mule  track,  and 
crosses  to  the  1.  bank  of  the  stream 
flowing  from  the  Ferpecle  glen. 
(There  is  a  short  cut  by  a  path  which 
branches  off  before  reaching  Hauderes, 
turns  at  right  angles,  crosses  to  the  1. 
bank  of  the  stream  flowing  from  the 
Arolla  glen,  and  then  passes  through 
fields  to  join  the  ordinary  mule  path 
soon  after  it  has  crossed  the  Arolla 
stream.)  It  then  bears  to  the  W. 
(r. ),  and  crosses  to  the  1.  bank 
of  the  Arolla  stream  and  henceforth 
follows  that  bank,  amid  scenery 
constantly  increasing  in  wild  and 
savage  grandeur.  The  Combe  d'Arolla 
(so  called  from  the  local  name 
for  the  Pinus  Centura,  which  is 
common  in  this  part  of  the  Pennine 
range)  is  a  narrow  glen  lying  between 
the  rugged  range  of  the  Grandes 
Dents  on  the  E.  and  the  less 
striking  and  much  less  visible  range 
on  the  W.  (wherein  the  Aiguill- 
es Rouges  d'Arolla  are  the  principal 
feature)  which  separates  the  Combe 
d'Arolla  from  the  Heremence  valley. 
Rather  more  than  half-way  between 
Hauderes  and  Arolla  is  the  little 
hamlet  of  Satarma,  overhung  by  the 
quaint  Dent  de  Satarma.  Through 
the  glen  down  which  runs  the  stream 
forming  the  waterfall  the  Aiguilles 
Rouges  can  be  seen,  but  that  is  the 
only  glimpse  of  these  pinnacles  gained 
on  the  way  up  to  Arolla. 

£Just  beyond  the  hamlet  of  Satarma 
and  before  crossing  over  the  knoll 
which  closes  on  the  S.  the  Satarma 
plateau,  a  path  branches  off  to  the 
right — this  is  the  direct  way  to  the 
Kurhaus.  jj 

The  highest  Arolla  chalets  lie  at 
a  height  of  2,003  m-  (6,572  ft.) 
A  little  below  them  is  the  old  inn, 


the  Hotel  du  Mont  Collon,  1,962  m., 
6,437  ft.  (3  hrs.  from  Evolena.) 
The  new  inn,  the  Kurhaus  d'Arolla 
(opened  in  1897),  is  above  the  chalets, 
and  about  300  ft.  above  the  old  inn, 
so  that  10  min.  more  must  be  allowed 
for  any  excursions  made  thence  save 
on  this  side  of  the  valley,  which  are, 
of  course,  10  min.  shorter  when  taken 
from  the  new  inn.  A  path  to  it 
branches  off  before  the  chalets  are 
reached.  The  new  inn  lies  hidden  in 
woods,  and  near  it  is  a  little  artificial 
lake. 

Though  at  the  head  of  the  valley, 
between  the  inns  and  the  glacier, 
there  is  a  huge  waste  of  stones  and 
moraine,  the  view  of  the  Mont  Collon 
and  of  the  Pigne  d'Arolla  makes  the 
scenery  grand  rather  than  desolate, 
despite  the  fact  that  the  former  is  but 
a  truncated  cone  and  the  latter  little 
more  than  a  shapeless  mass.  The 
woods  near  the  hotels  afford  relief  to 
the  eye,  while  the  bold  ridge  on  the 
E.  adds  much  to  the  striking  Alpine 
character  of  the  scenery.  In  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  Arolla  there  are  a  great 
variety  of  walks,  easy  climbs,  and 
'  grandes  courses,5  so  that  the  young 
mountaineer  will  find  plenty  of  ex- 
peditions whereon  he  can  gain  practice 
and  experience.  Ffe  should  not  fail 
to  consult  the  MS.  '  Guide  d'Arolla,' 
by  Mr.  Walter  Lagden  (to  be  found 
in  the  Kurhaus),  which  contains  full 
details  of  all  the  excursions,  great 
and  small,  around  Arolla,  of  which 
an  outline  only  can  be  given  here,  for 
lack  of  space. 

1.  Among  the  Walks  the  Arolla 
Glacier  (J  hr.  from  the  old  inn,  5  min. 
more  from  the  new  one)  claims  the 
first  place,  since  when  it  is  free  from 
.  snow  it  may  be  safely  explored, 
without  a  guide,  as  far  as  the  foot  of 
the  Mont  Collon.  There  was  for- 
merly a  fine  tunnel  nearly  \  m.  from 
the  lower  end  of  the  gl. ,  but  its  roof 
fell  in  in  1895.  The  well-marked  dirt 
bands  of  the  lower  portion  of  the 
Arolla  gl.  attract  the  notice  of  every 
traveller.  They  are  said  to  be  con- 
fined to  that  bit  of  the  gl.  which 


ROUTE  B.    EXCURSIONS  AND 


ASCENTS  FROM  AROLLA  461 


originates  in  the  Vuibez  icefall,  and  it 
has  been  suggested  that  they  mark 
the  yearly  falls  of  ice,  one  to  each 
year,  the  well-known  differential 
motion  of  the  ice  giving  them  a  curved 
form  lower  down. 

The  Zigiorenove  gl.  (now  rapidly 
advancing)  deserves  a  visit  on  ac- 
count of  the  remarkable  triple  series 
of  moraines  on  its  1.  bank.  The 
Piece  gl.  may  best  be  reached  ( if  hr. ) 
by  the  track  up  the  crest  of  the  long 
and  very  conspicuous  moraine  on  its 
1.  bank,  whence  the  traveller  easily 
descends  on  to  the  stone-covered  ice. 
The  Pas  de  Chevres  (§  18.  Rte.  K), 
due  W.  of  Arolla,  is  also  worth  a 
visit  (2  hrs. ) 

The  high  pastures  and  chalets  of 
Praz  Gras  (2,483  m.,  8,147  ft.)  may 
be  gained  in  1  hr.  by  a  path  which 
branches  off  from  that  to  the  Pas  de 
Chevres,  but  care  must  be  taken  to 
mount  sufficiently  high,  or  the  highest 
chalets  may  be  missed.  These  are 
the  chalets  that  should  be  visited,  and 
lie  at  the  E.  foot  of  the  Roussette. 
From  the  higher  levels  of  these  pas- 
tures the  view  of  the  Collon  and  the 
Grandes  Dents  is  very  fine.  By  con- 
tinuing from  the  chalets  for  -J  hr.  in  a 
N.W.  direction  the  little  Ignes  gl. 
may  be  visited. 

A  very  beautiful  walk  is  that  to  the 
Lac  Bleu  (2,079  m->  6,821  ft.)  and 
the  Cascade .  des  Ignes.  The  path 
down  towards  Evolena  is  followed  to 
Satarma.  Thence  a  track  leads  up 
in  a  N.W.  direction  to  a  grassy  glade. 
Here  the  traveller  should  bear  round 
to  the  W. ,  past  a  remarkable  finger 
of  rock  (120  ft.  high — the  Dent  de 
Satarma — accessible  by  a  rough 
scramble  of  10  minutes),  to  the 
lake  (ij  hr.  from  Arolla).  In 
dry  weather  the  colour  is  wonder- 
ful, but  in  time  of  rain  it  becomes 
greenish,  owing  to  the  turbid  water 
of  an  irrigation  stream.  The  Cas- 
cade lies  less  than  \  hr.  further  on, 
at  the  head  of  the  little  glen  de- 
scending to  Satarma  from  the  W.  By 
means  of  a  gully  near  the  Cascade  it 
is  easy  to  ascend  to  the  higher  level 


of  the  Praz  Gras  pasturages,  and  so 
return  to  Arolla. 

Just  above  Satarma,  close  to  a 
bridge  over  the  Arolla  stream,  a  track 
leads  N.E.  up  to  the  Col  de  Zarmine^ 
or  de  Veisivi,  3,062  m.,  10,046  ft. 
(3 J  hrs.  from  Arolla.)  A  consider- 
able ascent  by  zigzags  must  be  made 
till  the  stream  from  the  Zarmine  gl.  is 
crossed  to  its  r.  bank,  whence  a  rough 
walk  gives  access  to  the  Col.  The 
view  of  the  steep  cliffs  that  descend 
from  the  Grandes  Dents  towards 
Ferpecle  is  very  striking. 

Mont  Dolin  (2,976m.,  9,764  ft.)  is 
best  ascended  (in  2^  hrs.  from  x\rolla) 
from  the  chalets  on  the  way  to  the 
Pas  de  Chevres.  The  steep  grass 
slopes  of  this  little  peak  render  nailed 
boots  very  desirable. 

2.  Among  the  easier  climbs,  which 
can  be  made  without  guides  by  those 
who  are  accustomed  to  ordinary 
mountain  scrambling,  the  following 
may  be  mentioned.  The  Roussette, 
3,261  m.,  10,699  ft-  (2J  hrs.),  affords 
a  fine  view.  The  easiest,  though 
least  interesting,  way  up  it  is  to  round 
Mont  Dolin  on  the  W. ,  and  to  ascend 
N.  over  stones  and  loose  rocks,  till  it 
is  possible  to  mount  to  a  stony  gap 
between  M.  Gysa  (3,115  m.,  10,220 
ft.)  and  the  desired  summit.  A 
better  scramble  is  afforded  by  going 
past  the  Praz  Gras  chalets  to  the  edge 
of  the  Ignes  gl.  It  is  then  necessary 
to  mount  S.W.  to  a  small  snowfield 
just  under,  and  W.  of,  the  Roussette, 
whence  the  ascent  is  completed  by 
climbing  partly  up  the  more  northerly 
of  two  snow  gullies,  partly  by  the 
rocks  on  its  N.  side.  The  summit 
ridge  is  thus  gained,  a  little  to  the  N. 
of  the  cairn  (2^-3  hrs.  from  Arolla). 
The  ridges  running  from  Mont  Dolin 
to  the  Roussette,  and  from  the  Col  de 
Riedmatten  towards  the  fantastic  little 
peak  called  Cassiorte,  or  Mont  Rouge 
oV Arolla  (3,302  m.,  10,834ft.),  afford 
scope  for  many  climbs  and  scrambles. 

The  Vuibez  rocks  may  be  ascended 
from  the  Piece  gl.  in  1  hr. ,  or  3^  hrs. 
from  Arolla.  Chamois  are  often  seen 
on  the  cliffs  which  fall  towards  the 


462 


PENNINE  ALPS.  §  19. 


EVOLENA  DISTRICT 


Arolla  gl.  One  of  the  S.E.  summits  of 
the  Zi7iareffien  rocks  may  be  gained 
directly  from  the  moraine  on  the  1. 
bank  of  the  Zigiorenove  gl.  The 
N.W.  summit  is  best  attacked  on  its  S. 
side  from  the  Seilon  gl.  Either  climb 
should  take  about  4  hrs.  from  Arolla. 

The  Grande  Dent  de  Veisivi 
(3,425  in.,  11,237  ft.)  is  a  more  am- 
bitious guideless  climb  than  those 
hitherto  mentioned,  but  it  is  not  dim- 
cult,  and  takes  about  an  hour  from 
the  Col  de  Zarmine,  or  hrs.  from 
Arolla.  For  those  accustomed  to 
glaciers  and  the  use  of  the  rope  the  as- 
cent of  the  Pointe  de  Vouasson  (3,496 
m.,  11,470  ft. )  is  much -recommended, 
the  views  on  the  way  up,  and  from 
the  summit,  being  very  fine,  and 
extending  to  the  Mont  Blanc  range. 
The  Praz  Gras  chalets  must  be  reached 
and  the  snout  of  the  Ignes  gl.  crossed, 
so  as  to  gain  the  ridge  between  the 
Upper  and  Lower  Glaciers  des 
Aiguilles  Rouges.  This  ridge  is  then 
mounted  in  a  N.W.  direction  for  a 
little  way,  and  the  higher  of  these  two 
glaciers  traversed  to  its  N.W.  corner. 
After  ascending  the  rocks  at  this  -cor- 
ner the  route  lies  to  the  W. ,  and  the 
summit  is  gained  in  from  4  to  4J  hrs. 
from  Arolla.  As  the  peak  may  be 
climbed  in  5  hrs.  from  Evolena  by 
the  Merdesson  glen  and  Vouasson  gl. 
(see  Rte.  A)  it  may  be  taken  on  the 
way  from  that  village  to  Arolla,  or 
vice  versd. 

The  Col  de  Co/Ion  (Rte.  D)  may 
also  be  made  the  object  of  an  excur- 
sion from  Arolla  (3 J  hrs.),  returning 
by  the  Cols  de  l'Eveque  and  de  Piece. 
There  are  concealed  crevasses  on  the 
upper  portion  of  the  otherwise  easy  gl. 
leading  up  to  it,  so  that  the  rope  should 
most  certainly  not  be  dispensed  with. 
The  excursion  may  be  pleasantly  pro- 
longed by  crossing  the  Mont  Brule, 
3,621  m. ,  1 1,880  ft.  (which  commands 
a  very  fine  view),  from  the  Col  de 
Collon  (up  in  1^  hr. )  to  the  S.  Col  du 
Mont  Brule  (§  hr. ) 

3.  There  are  many  higher  climbs 
to  be  made  from  Arolla,  but  these  re- 
quire guides,  save  in  exceptional  cases. 


The  most  interesting  way  of  ascend- 
ing the  Mont  Collon  (3,644  m.,  11,956 
ft. )  is  to  mount  from  the  Arolla  gl. 
till  near  the  gap  between  it  and  the 
Mitre  de  P  Eve  que  (3,672  m.,  12, 048 
ft.),  and  so  reach  the  summit  from  the 
S.  The  descent  should  be  made  by 
the  ordinary  route  (which  takes  6 
hrs.  up)  down  the  W.N.W.  arete  to 
the  Col  de  Chermontane,  and  thence 
to  Arolla  by  the  Col  de  Piece  (§  18, 
Rte.  I).  It  has  also  been  ascended 
by  the  N.  arete,  by  the  N.  face,  and 
by  the  E.  rock  face — in  each  case 
direct  from  the  Arolla  gl.  (6  hrs.) 

From  the  gap  just  mentioned  it  is 
easy  to  gain  the  top  of  the  Eveque, 
3,738  m.,  12,264  ft-  (the  culmi- 
nating point  of  the  Collon  group),  by 
rounding  the  Mitre  on  the  W.  The 
i  usual  route  up  this  point  from  Arolla 
is  to  reach  the  Col  de  Collon  (Rte.  D) 
and  the  Col  de  l'Eveque  (Rte.  E), 
and  then  descend  till  it  is  possible  to 
scramble  up  by  rocks  in  5  min.  to  the 
snow  slopes  on  the  N.W.  face  of 
the  peak,  by  which  the  summit  is 
reached.  It  can  also  be  gained 
from  the  S.E. ,  or  from  the  Col 
de  l'Eveque  direct  in  hrs.  by 
the  rocky  S.W.  ridge.  If  the  last- 
named  pass  has  been  gained  from  the 
Arolla  gl. ,  the  return  may  be  made 
by  the  Col  de  Chermontane  and  the 
Col  de  la  Vuignette  and  the  Col  de 
Piece,  and  in  this  way,  the  very  fine 
'  Tour  du  Mont  Collon '  will  have 
been  effected. 

The  Pigne  d' Arolla  (3,801  m., 
12,471  ft.)  has  been  ascended  direct 
from  Arolla  by  the  very  steep  N.  face. 
The  usual  route  is  to  ascend  easy 
snow  slopes  from  the  Col  de  Piece 
[\\  hr. ,  or  4J  hrs.  from  Arolla).  It 
is  easy  to  return  to  Arolla  in  2\  hrs. 
by  the  Seilon  gl.  and  the  Pas  de 
Chevres.  The  panorama  from  the 
summit  is  magnificent. 

The  Dent  Perroc  (3,679  m.,  12,071 
ft. )  is  accessible  in  5-6  hrs.  by  its  W. 
arete,  the  arete  alone  taking  3  hrs. 
The  climb  is  very  interesting,  and 
the  rocks  good. 

The  Aiguille  de  la  Za  (3,673  m., 


ROUTE  B.  EXCURSIONS  AND  ASCENTS  FROM  AROLLA  463 


12,051  ft.  )  is  usually  climbed  in  5hrs. 
by  way  of  the  N.  Col  de  Bertol 
(Rte.  C)  and  the  steep  rocks  on  the 
E.  and  S.  faces  of  the  peak.  At  the 
top  there  are  some  dangerously  loose 
rocks.  It  has  also  been  ascended 
direct  from  Arolla  by  the  rocky  W. 
face,  and  this  route  is  now  a  very 
popular  one. 

The  highest  summit  (3,848  m., 
12,625  ft.)  of  the  Dents  des  Boitque- 
tins  is  a  very  good  and  by  no  means 
easy  climb.  It  is  gained  in  5§-6  hrs. 
from  Arolla  by  way  of  the  S.  Col 
de  Bertol,  the  rocks  leading  up  from 
the  E.  to  the  gap  N.  of  the  peak,  and 
the  N.  ridge.  There  are  many  other 
climbs  in  this  ridge,  as  also  in  that 
of  the  Dents  de  Bertol  (3,556  m., 
11,667  ft.),  between  the  Bouquetins 
and  the  S.  Col  de  Bertol. 

The  last  three  named  peaks  can 
now  be  best  reached  from  the  new 
Club  hut  (3,400m.,  1 1.,  155  ft.)  on  the 
S.  Col  de  Bertol.  Hence  the  sum- 
mit .of  the  Dent  Blanche  (4,364  m., 
14,318  ft.)  can,  under  favourable 
circumstances,  be  attained  in  5-6  hrs. , 
the  ordinary  route  (Rte.  H)  being 
joined  at  the  foot  of  the  S.  arete. 

The  Aiguilles  Rouges  cF  Arolla., 
three  sharp  rocky  points  (the  highest 
is  3,650  m.,  11,976  ft.),  lie  to  the 
N.W.  of  Arolla,  and  afford  some  of 
the  best  climbing  in  the  district.  The 
Central  peak  is  the  loftiest,  and  may 
be  reached  from  the  gap  to  its  S.,  or 
direct  from  the  E.  (5  hrs.)  The 
danger  from  loose  stones,  for  which 
these  summits  have  a  great  reputation, 
appears  to  be  very  slight,  if  a  proper 
route  be  selected. 

The  Mont  Blanc  de  Seilon  (3,871m., 
12,700  ft. )  may  be  climbed  in  2  hrs. 
from  either  the  Col  de  la  Serpentine 
(§18.  Rte.  I.  3)  or  (better)  from  the 
Col  de  Seilon  (§18.  Rte.  K)  and  the 
ridge  traversed  thence  to  the  Ruinette 
(3,879m.,  12,727  ft.)  in  4  hrs.  The 
latter  peak  is  best  climbed  from 
Chanrion  (§18.  Rte.  H),  but  if  it  is 
desired  to  take  it  on  the  way  from 
Arolla  to  Chanrion  the  Col  de  Seilon 
should  be  crossed,  and  the  ascent 


made  from  the  Col  de  Lyrerose 
(§  18.  Rtes.  H  and  K).  An  alternative 
route  is  by  the  Col  de  Breney  to  the 
gl.  S.  of  the  peak,  which  can  also  be 
gained  from  Arolla  by  the  Col  de 
Chermontane  (§18.  Rte.  I.  1)  and  the 
Col  des  Portons. 

The  passes  from  Arolla  to  the  Val 
de  Bagnes  have  been  described  in 
§  j  8.  Rtes.  I  and  K.  It  need  to  be 
only  added  here  that  the  way  by  the 
Col  de  Seilon  is  the  shortest,  whether 
to  Chanrion  or  to  Mauvoisin,  but  that 
the  route  by  the  Col  de  Chermontane 
and  the  great  Otemma  gl.  is,  in  the 
opinion  of  competent  judges,  by  far 
the  finer.  The  passes  to  the 
Heremence  valley  will  be  found  in 
§18.  Rte.  L,  those  to  Zermatt  in 
§  19.  Rte.  C,  and  those  to  the  Val- 
pelline  in  §  19.  Rte.  D. 


Route  C. 

AROLLA  TO  ZERMATT. 

The  Arolla  glen  is  cut  off  from  the 
direct  way  to  Zermatt  down  the 
Z'Mutt  gl.  by  the  great  snow  fields  at 
the  head  of  the  Ferpecle  branch  of  the 
Ilerens  glen,  so  that  a  double  pass 
must  be  crossed  in  order  to  attain  that 
glacier.  There  are  two  main  routes 
from  Arolla  to  Zermatt,  but  for  the 
reason  just  given  it  is  possible  in  each 
case  to  make  a  descent  from  the  first 
pass  crossed  into  a  third  valley. 

1.  By  the  Cols  de  Bertol  and 
d'Herens. — This  is  the  shortest  v/ay 
from  Arolla  to  Zermatt  (9J  hrs. )  The 
Col  de  Bertol  was  discovered  in  1865 
by  Messrs.  Moore  and  H.  Walker, 
who  thus  first  crossed  what  has  since 
become  a  most  useful  and  frequented 
pass.  From  Arolla  the  route  used  to 
lie  over  the  lower  portion  of  the 
Arolla  gl. ,  but  a  mule  path  has 
recently  been  made  along  its  r.  bank, 
above  the  moraine,  and  extends  as  far 


464  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  19. 


EVOLENA  DISTRICT 


as  the  stony  tract  called  PlandeBertol. 
The  river  is  crossed  about  8  minutes 
from  the  old  Arolla  inn.  (When  de- 
scending to  Arolla  it  is  better  to  take 
the  old  route  over  the  gl. )  From  the 
Plan  two  passes  are  seen  to  the  N.E. 
The  N.  one  is  the  N.  Col  de  Bertol, 
arid  is  used  for  the  ascent  of  the 
Aiguille  de  la  Za  (Rte.  B).  The  S. 
Col  de  Bertol  (11,200  ft.)  is  that 
crossed  by  a  party  bound  for  Zermatt. 
(Here  is  the  new  Club  hut,  3,400  m., 
1 1 , 1 55  ft. )  It  is  gained  from  the  Plan 
by  a  steep  gl.  and  a  steep  snow  slope 
(3^hrs.  from  Arolla),  and  gives  access 
on  the  other  side  to  the  great  neve 
field  whence  flow  the  Mont  Mine  and 
Ferpecle  gls.  (Ferpecle  may  be 
reached  hence  in  2  hrs.  by  turning 
both  icefalls  of  the  Mont  Mine  gl.  by 
their  1.  bank.)  For  Zermatt  a  S.E. 
course  must  be  steered  over  these 
huge  snow  fields  to  the  Col  d' Her  ens 
3,480  m. ,  11,418  ft.  (2  hrs.),  whence 
Zermatt  is  reached  (see  Rte.  H)  in 
4  hrs.  more.  The  detour  up  the 
Tete  Blanche  (3,750  m.,  12,304  ft.), 
to  the  S.W.  of  the  Col,  costs  only 
\  hr.  extra,  and  is  rewarded  by  a 
most  glorious  view. 

2.  By  the  K.  Col  du  Mont  Brule  a?id 
the  Col  de  Valpelline  (10J-11  hrs.) — 
From  Arolla  the  route  of  the  Col  de 
Collon  (Rte.  D)  is  followed  to  the 
Za  de  Zan  basin,  at  the  head  of  the 
Arolla  gl.  It  is  then  necessary  to 
bear  to  the  E.,  so  as  to  reach  by 
rocks  (3^-4  hrs.)  the  more  northerly 
of  the  two  passes  between  the  Mont 
Brule  and  the  S.  end  of  the  Dents  des 
Bouquetins  ridge  (the  Col  is  just  S. 
of  the  point  marked  3,364  m.  on  the 
Italian  map  and  3,365  m.  on  the  Sieg- 
fried map).  A  snow  slope  on  the 
Italian  side  leads  to  the  Upper  Za  de 
Zan  gl. ,  bearing  N.  E.  over  which  the 
Col  de  Valpelline  (Rte.  E)  is  reached 
in  2  hrs.  from  the  first  Col,  and 
Zermatt  in  4J— 5  hrs.  more.  Of  course 
after  joining  the  Col  de  Valpelline 
route  the  descent  into  the  Valpelline 
is  perfectly  possible,  but  the  most 
direct  way  from  Arolla  to  that  valley 
is  over  the  Col  de  Collon,  though  the 


Col  des  Bouquetins  or  the  S.  Col 
du  Mont  Brule  may  also  be  taken 
(Rte.  D). 


Route  D. 

AROLLA  TO  THE  VALPELLINE  BY  THE 
COL  DE  COLLON. 

This  pass  was  traversed  in  1842  by 
Principal  Forbes,  and  his  description 
first  made  it  generally  known  to  Eng- 
lish travellers.  But  it  had  long  pre- 
viously been  frequented  by  the 
natives,  and  is  mentioned  as  far  back 
as  1543  by  Sebastian  Munster  (in 
his  '  Cosmographia  Universalis ')  as 
'  magnum  nivosum  montem  qui  major 
glacialis  et  Arolla  vocatur, '  while  it  was 
described  in  some  detail  by  P.  A. 
Arnod  in  169 1.  The  ascent  from 
Arolla  takes  3^  hrs. ,  and  the  descent 
to  Praraye  about  2  hrs.  more. 

The  ascent  from  Arolla  to  the  pass 
is  very  striking.  The  great  Arolla 
gl.  makes  two  considerable  bends  in 
different  directions  (the  first  becom- 
ing convex  to  the  W. ),  so  that  it 
approaches  the  shape  of  the  letter  S. 
Round  the  lower  curve  it  descends 
in  an  icefall  from  the  S.E. ,  while  at 
the  same  part  of  its  course  it  receives 
from  the  S.W.  the  Vuibez  gl. ,  form- 
ing a  far  grander  icefall,  which  is 
broken  in  the  middle  by  an  island  of 
rock  (§18.  Rte.  I.  1).  The  lower 
portion  of  the  Arolla  gl.  is  easily 
traversed.  To  reach  the  upper  por- 
tion it  was  formerly  usual  to  turn  the 
icefall  by  the  smooth  rocks  on  the  r. 
bank,  and  this  may  sometimes  be 
necessary  even  now,  but  the  avalanche 
debris  on  the  1.  bank  under  the  Mont 
Collon  should  be  avoided,  as  they 
are  rather  dangerous  by  reason  of 
falling  stones  from  that  peak.  It  is 
generally  easy,  however,  to  walk  by 
means  of  the  medial  moraine  straight 
up  the  singular  unbroken  icefall 
itself.    Above,  there  is  not  an  ap- 


ROUTE  D.    AROLLA  TO  THE  VALPELLINE  465 


proach  to  difficulty,  and  it  is  only 
necessary  to  round  the  foot  of  the 
Mont  Collon  (the  cliffs  of  which  are 
very  fine  and  have  been  scaled  from 
here)  and  of  the  Eveque  (in  the 
steep  face  of  which  there  is  a  good 
echo,  which  has  helped  to  guide 
parties  surrounded  by  clouds  and  un- 
certain of  their  course)  in  order  to 
advance  rapidly  towards  the  pass. 
When  the  writer  (J.  B. )  passed  this 
way  in  September,  1853,  his  guide,  a 
native  of  the  Val  d'Herens,  told  him 
a  terrible  tale  of  a  party  of  villagers 
from  Evolena,  who  were  overtaken 
in  1 84 1  by  a  snowstorm  on  the  upper 
portion  of  the  Arolla  gl. ,  and,  at- 
tempting to  return  after  failing  to 
find  the  way,  lost  three  of  their  num- 
ber in  the  snow.  Principal  Forbes 
and  his  guide  found  one  of  the  bodies 
in  1842.  On  the  same  part  of  this 
gl.  the  writer  in  1853  observed  the 
fresh  tracks  of  several  wolves,  ap- 
parently following  those  of  some 
chamois. 

[At  this  point  on  the  gl.  the  tra- 
veller is  in  full  view  of  the  extensive 
neve  basin  of  Za  de  Zan,  which 
mounts  gently  towards  the  S.E. 
and  is  enclosed  by  a  ridge  not 
very  difficult  of  access  on  this  side. 
Over  this  ridge  two  passes  lead  to  the 
head  of  the  Valpelline.  The  more 
northerly — which  is  the  most  used 
—is  called  the  N.  Col  du  Mont  Brule, 
and  lies  between  the  points  marked 
3,351  m.  and  3,364  m.  on  the  Italian 
map ;  it  is  described  in  Rte.  E. ,  below, 
for  it  is  a  link  in  the  direct  route 
from  Chanrion  to  Zermatt.  The 
S.  Col  du  Mont  Brule rlies  just  N.E.  of 
the  Mont  Brule  (3,621  m.,  1 1,880  ft. ), 
and  it  is  simply  a  variation  of  the 
Col  de  Collon.  J 

The  final  snow  ascent  to  the  Col  de 
Collon  is  sometimes  crevassed,  but 
often  there  are  concealed  crevasses,  so 
that  the  rope  should  not  be  laid  aside 
till  the  pass  is  actually  reached.  It  is 
3,130  m.  (10,270  ft.)  in  height,  and  is 
marked  by  a  small  iron  cross,  dated 
1754  and  stuck  into  a  cleft  of  the  rocks 
on  the  W.    The  pass  commands  a 

I. 


wild  scene  of  rock  and  snow  field,  but 
no  distant  view.  This,  however, 
may  be  gained  by  mounting  in  \  \  hr. 
by  an  easy  snow  ridge  to  the  summit 
of  the  Mont  Brule  (3,621  m., 
11,880  ft.),  on  the  E. 

As  is  usually  the  case  in  this  dis- 
trict, the  ice  and  snow  on  the  Italian 
I  side  are  far  less  extensive  than  those 
j  on  the  Swiss  side.  The  pass  over- 
;  looks  the  head  of  a  small  gl. ,  which 
descends  S.  into  the  Oren  glen — a 
wild,  dreary  gorge,  which  joins  the 
Valpelline  at  the  Praraye  chalets. 
It  is  sometimes  possible  to  descend 
;  all  the  way  by  this  gl.,  taking  due 
heed  of  concealed  crevasses.  The 
usual,  and  much  surer,  course  is  to 
cross  the  head  of  the  gl.  diagonally 
to  the  S.E.,  and  then  to  descend  by 
the  rocks  and  screes  on  its  1.  or  S.E. 
bank.  These  are  pretty  steep,  but 
are  quite  free  from  difficulty.  On 
I  reaching  the  valley  below,  whence 
the  gl.  seems  to  have  retreated  within 
comparatively  recent  years,  the  travel- 
ler will  observe  on  the  N.  W.  the  small 
Oren  gl. ,  over  which  lies  the  way  by 
the  pass  of  the  same  name  (§18. 
Rte.  H.  3)  to  Chanrion.  The  path 
to  the  Valpelline  runs  mainly  down 
the  1.  bank  of  the  torrent  to  the 
chalets  of  Praraye  (1,993  m-> 
6,539  ft-)?  where  rough  quarters  may 
be  had.  The  way  hence  to  Aosta  is 
described  in  the  next  Rte. 


Route  E. 

AOSTA  TO  ZERMATT  BY  THE  COL  DE 
VALPELLINE.  ASCENT  OF  THE 
DENT  D'HERENS. 

The  Valpelline  is  a  long,  deep-cut 
trench  which  is  exactly  parallel  to 
the  valley  from  the  Col  Ferret  to  the 
Col  delaSeigne(§  16.  Rtes.  EandK), 
and  is  said  to  be  about  the  same 
length,  18  m.  It  is  traversed  by  the 
H  H 


466  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  19. 


VALPELLINE  DISTRICT 


main  branch  of  the  Buthier,  which  j 
flows  from  N.E.  to  S.W. ,  and  unites 
at  Ollomont  with  the  stream  from 
the  Val  d'Ollomont  (§  18.  Rte.  D), 
and  under  Gignod  with  the  consider- 
able torrent  descending  from  the 
Combe  des  Bosses  and  the  Great  St. 
Bernard  (§  18.  Rtes.  A  and  B).  The 
scenery  of  the  Valpelline  is  throughout 
of  the  first  order,  especially  towards 
its  head,  and  is  worthy  of  compari- 
son with  that  of  the  exquisite  valleys 
S.  and  E.  of  Monte  Rosa,  described 
in  §  20.  A  tolerable  inn  at  Praraye, 
at  its  head,  is,  however,  still  wanting 
to  attract  many  strangers  thither. 
For  the  quarters  at  Praraye  are  even 
now  scarcely  more  than  those  offered 
by  milk  chalets  in  general.  The  cure 
at  Bionaz  receives  visitors,  and  has 
recently  built  at  Praraye  a  very  small 
house  for  their  accommodation,  while 
in  his  absence  the  inhabitants  of  the 
village  are  willing  to  make  strangers 
as  comfortable  as  they  can.  There  is 
a  fair  inn  at  the  village  of  Valpelline, 
which  is  too  low  as  a  starting  point 
for  any  ascents  or  passes  near  the 
head  of  the  valley. 

A  glance  at  the  map  suffices  to 
show  that  the  Valpelline  is  the  only 
considerable  valley  of  the  Pennine 
Alps  which  does  not  run  nearly  due 
N.  and  S.,  or  nearly  due  E.  and  W. 
It  has  the  air  of  having  been  thrust 
in  forcibly  between  its  neighbours,  and 
in  particular  of  having  prevented  the 
St.  Barthelemy  glen,  on  the  S.E. ,  from 
attaining  the  main  watershed  of  the 
Alps,  as  it  does  itself.  This  position 
explains  the  existence  of  numerous 
passes  leading  from  the  Valpelline  in 
various  directions.  Those  giving 
access  to  Chanrion  and  Arolla  on  the 
N.W.  and  N.  have  been  noticed  in 
§  18.  Rte.  H.  and  §  19.  Rte.  D.  re- 
spectively, while  those  communicat- 
ing with  the  St.  Barthelemy  glen  and 
the  Valtournanche,  on  the  S.  E.  and  E. , 
will  be  found  in  Rtes.  F  and  G.  below. 
In  this  Rte.  we  have  to  deal  only 
with  the  way  leading  through  the 
entire  length  of  the  valley  and  over 
the  Col  de  Valpelline,  at  its  extreme 


head,  to  the  Z'Mutt  gl.,  and  so  to 
Zermatt.  This  Col  was  first  crossed 
in  i860  by  Mr.  F.  W.  Jacomb,  with 
J.  Kronig  and  Gabriel  Maquignaz, 
and  forms  the  easternmost  link  in  the 
High-Level  Route  between  Chamonix 
and  Zermatt  (§18.  Introd. ) 

A  good  new  char  road  runs  from 
Aosta  up  the  Buthier  valley  as  far  as 
the  village  of  Valpelline  (8m.)  For 
three  miles  the  route  is  the  same  as 
that  to  St.  Remy,  on  the  Great  St. 
Bernard(§  18.  Rte.  A).  The  Valpelline 
road  then  keeps  to  the  N. ,  along  the 
VV.  or  r.  bank  of  the  Buthier,  for  some 
distance,  but  finally  crosses  it  to  join 
the  old  road,  which  passes  along  the 

I.  bank  throughout.  The  torrent  is 
recrossed,  and  that  from  the  Ollo- 
mont glen  traversed,  before  reaching 
the  village  of  Valpelline  (954  m. , 
3,130  ft.),  which  stands  at  the  junction 
of  the  Val  d'Ollomont  with  the  Val- 
pelline proper.  The  situation  is  ex- 
tremely beautiful,  but  the  village  is 
discoloured  by  large  copper  works, 
connected  with  the  mines  at  Ollomont. 
(For  the  passes  through  the  Ollomont 
valley  to  Bourg  St.  Pierre  and  Chan- 
rion see  §  18.  Rtes.  D  and  E.)  The 
mule-track  follows  the  r.  bank  of 
the  Valpelline  torrent  (as  the  main 
branch  of  the  Buthier  is  locally  called) 
in  a  N.E.  direction.  The  first  village 
is  Oyace,  1,367  m.,  4,485  ft.  (2  hrs. ), 
placed  on  a  rock  at  a  great  height 
above  the  torrent,  and  at  the  S.E. 
base   of  Mont  Morio?i  (3,520  m. , 

II,  550  ft.)  1 J  hr.  further  up  the 
valley  is  Bionaz  (1,600  m.,  5,250  ft.), 
the  second  and  last  village  in  the 
Valpelline  proper. 

[Hence  the  ascent  of  two  fine  peaks 
may  be  made,  each  being  a  rather 
long  day — the  Mont  Clapier  (3,357m,, 
11,014  ft.),  on  the  N.W.,  in  7 \  hrs. 
by  its  face,  and  the  Bee  de  Luseney 
(3,506  m.,  11,503  ft.),  on  the  E.,  in 
6  hrs. ,  by  way  of  the  Luseney  glen 
and  the  snow  pass  at  its  head.  The 
Bee  oVEpicoun  (3,527  m.,  11,572  ft.) 
may  be  reached  in  5-6  hrs.  by  way  of 
the  Ciardonnet  gl. ,  the  icefall  being 
turned  by  its   E.   bank.      For  the 


ROUTE  E.    AOSTA  TO  ZERMATT 


467 


passes  from  Bionaz  to  Chanrion  see 
§  18.  Rte  H.  and  for  those  to  the 
St.  Barthelemy  glen  §  19.  Rte.  G.] 

The  flora  of  the  Valpelline  well 
deserves  more  examination  than  it 
has  yet  received.  Silene  vallesia  is 
common  about  Bionaz,  and  the  warm 
slopes  on  the  N.W.  side  of  the  valley 
seem  to  promise  much  variety.  They 
should  be  visited  in  June  or  July. 

Above  Bionaz  the  mule  path  mounts 
(always  above  the  r.  bank),  by  a 
tolerably  continuous  and  gentle  ascent, 
through  scenery  constantly  increasing 
in  grandeur,  to  the  chalets  of  Praraye 
1,993  m-j  ^5 539  ft-  (2  nrs-  from 
Bionaz),  which  stand  just  beyond  the 
opening  of  the  Combe  d'Oren.  This 
side  glen  (through  which  lead  the  Col 
d'Oren  to  Chanrion  and  the  Col  de 
Collon  to  Arolla,  §  18.  Rte.  H.  and 
§  19.  Rte.  D)  is,  next  to  the  Sassa 
glen  (joining  the  main  valley  J  hr. 
above  Bionaz),  the  most  considerable 
glen  on  the  N.W.  side  of  the  valley  ; 
on  the  S.E.  side  those  of  Vessona, 
Montagnaia,  Livournea,  and  Cour- 
nera  are  the  most  important,  though 
none  of  them  are  very  large. 

(For  the  passes  from  Praraye  to  the 
Valtournanche  and  the  St.  Barthe- 
lemy glen  see  §  19.  Rtes.  F  and  G. ) 

The  head  of  the  Valpelline  is 
closed  by  the  very  extensive  Za  de 
Zan  gl.,  which  occupies  an  upland 
valley,  shut  in  between  two  nearly 
parallel  ranges.  That  on  the  W. 
runs  N.  from  the  peaks  S.  of  the 
Mont  Brule  to  the  Dents  des  Bou- 
quetins,  where  it  bends  E.  to  the 
snowy  summit  of  the  Tete  Blanche, 
which  marks  the  extreme  N.  point  of 
the  valley  ;  this  range  divides  the 
Za  de  Zan  gl. ,  first  from  the  Combe 
d'Oren,  and  then  successively  from 
the  uppermost  snows  of  the  Arolla, 
Mont  Mine,  and  Ferpecle  gls.  The 
range  on  the  E.  side  of  the  Za  de 
Zan  gl.  runs  at  first  S.E.  from  the 
Tete  Blanche  to  the  Dent  d'Herens, 
separating  the  gl.  we  are  describing 
from  the  Z'Mutt  gl. ,  and  then  due  S. , 
forming  the  limit  between  the  Valpel- 
line and  the  Valtournanche.    At  the 


Mont  Redessau  (3,217  m.,  10,555  ft.) 
this  E.  range  splits  into  two  ridges, 
which  enclose  between  them  the  St. 
Barthelemy  glen,  described  in  Rte.  G. 
below. 

About  J  hr.  above  Praraye  the 
path  crosses  to  the  1.  bank  of  the 
torrent.  Beyond  are  a  little  chapel  and 
a  solitary  chalet  (the  last  in  the  Valpe1- 
line),  beside  a  little  knoll,  ci  owned 
by  the  remains  of  a  wooden  cross. 
The  view  hence  is  even  finer  than 
that  from  Praraye,  but  the  Za  de  Zan 
gl. ,  on  the  N. ,  is,  though  near  at  hand, 
concealed  by  a   projecting  buttress. 

j  *  Starting  from  this  chalet,  \  hr.  takes 
the  mountaineer  across  the  pastures 

I  and  rough  ground  at  the  head  of  the 

I  valley  to  the  I.  lateral  moraine  of  the 
Za  de  Zan  gl.  On  the  W.  slopes 
above  is  the  cattle  alp,  one  of  the 
wildest  to  be  found.  The  lower  por- 
tion of  the  great  Za  de  Zan  gl. 
descends  in  an  almost  straight  and 
tolerably  level  course  from  the  N., 
bounded  on  the  W.  by  the  black 
precipices  extending  from  the  Mont 
Brule  to  the  Dents  des  Bouquetins, 
whilst  on  the  E.  there  stretches  up  a 
wilderness  of  snow  slopes  and  rocks 
towards  the  Dent  d'Herens,  seamed 
by  a  great  ice  stream,  up  the  S. 
moraine  of  which  lies  the  way  to  the 
Dent  d'Herens  and  the  Tiefenmatten- 
joch  '  (for  which  see  below).  '  This 
ice  stream  is  of  great  breadth,  and 
the  medial  moraine  formed  by  the 
junction  is  strongly  defined.  Look- 
ing back,  the  Chdteau  des  Da?ues, 
3,489  m.,  11,447  ft.  (Rte.  F),  rises 
imposingly  beyond  the  level  gl.5 
(Here  the  traveller  bound  for  Arolla 
by  the  S.  Col  du  Mont  Brule  (Rte.  D) 
should  have  already  left  the  Za  de 
Zan  gl.  and  ascended  the  grass 
slopes. )  '  At  the  end  of  2  hrs.  from 
taking  to  the  gl. ,  the  foot  of  the 
great  icefall,  which  separates  the 
Lower  and  Upper  Za  de  Zan  gls. , 
and  apparently  bars  all  passage  in 
that  direction,  is  reached.  Here  the 
mountaineer  must  leave  the  gl.  and 
turn  N.E.  towards  a  gap  in  the  ridge 

1  of  rocks,  marked  3, 29 1  m.  on  the  Italian 
H  h  2 


468        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  19.    VALPELLINE  DISTRICT 


map,  which  bounds  the  icefall  on  the 
E.  After  crossing  the  lateral 
moraine  you  climb  up  the  steep 
slopes  of  scree,  dotted  with  patches 
of  rock,  which  afford  fine  specimens 
of  Edelweiss.  In  an  hour  from  the 
level  lower  gl.  a  big  patch  of  neve  is 
gained,  passing  up  which  and  the 
short,  but  rotten,  rocks  above,  the 
above-mentioned  gap  is  attained  in 
4/J-5  hrs.  from  Praraye.  The  moun- 
taineer now  finds  himself  on  the  edge 
of  the  extensive  neve  of  the  Upper 
Za  de  Zan  gl. ,  forming  an  undu- 
lating plateau,  or  basin,  which  falls 
away  to  the  S.W.  towards  the  ice- 
fall  '  (F.  W.  J.,  revised). 

[Across  the  ridge  between  the  Mont 
Brule  and  the  Dents  des  Bouquetins 
two  passes  have  been  made,  which  it 
is  most  convenient  to  notice  here. 
Both  are  now  called  Cols  du  Mont 
Brule.  The  S.  Col  lies  just  N.E. 
of  the  Mont  Brule  (3,621  m., 
11,880  ft.),  and  was  discovered  in 
1863  by  Messrs.  Blanford  and 
Rowsell,  who  named  it  Col  de  Za  de 
Zan.  It  is  reached  on  the  Arolla 
side  by  the  Arolla  gl.,  and  easy  snow 
slopes  in  3  hrs.  from  the  inns,  but  the 
descent  by  steep  rocks  is  not  easy, 
and  leads  to  the  lower  portion  of  the 
Za  de  Zan  gl.  in  1  h.  ;  it  is  therefore 
really  but  a  variation  of  the  Col  de 
Collon,  and  mainly  visited  by  those 
bent  on  traversing  the  Mont  Brule 
from  one  pass  to  the  other,  whether 
as  an  excursion  from  Arolla  or  on 
their  way  from  Arolla  to  Praraye. 
The  N.  Col  has  far  greater  im- 
portance. It  was  first  crossed  in 
1862  by  Sir  G.  Young,  the  Rev. 
C.  H.  Pilkington,  and  Mr.  E.  E. 
Bowen,  who  named  it  Col  du  Mont 
Brule.  It  lies  between  the  points 
3,351  m.  and  3,364  m.  on  the  Italian 
map.  and  S.  of  that  marked  3,365  m. 
on  the  Siegfried  map.  On  the  Arolla 
side  it  is  reached  by  the  Arolla  gl. ,  a 
snow  slope,  and  some  easy  rocks  in  3 
hrs.  from  the  inns,  while  the  descent  on 
the  E.  side  lies  over  easy  snow  to  the 
Upper  Z3.  de  Zan  gl.  By  crossing 
this,  keeping  above  the  great  Za  de 


Zan  icefall,  the  Col  de  Valpelline 
route  is  joined  high  up  and  that  pass 
attained  in  2  hrs.  from  the  N.  Col  du 
Mont  Brule.  The  importance  of  the 
N.  Col  lies  in  the  fact  that  it  enables 
a  party  of  good  walkers — under 
favourable  conditions  of  weather  and 
snow — to  pass  from  Zermatt  to 
Chanrion  in  a  single  day  of  no  exces- 
sive length.  As  was  briefly  noted  in 
the  Introduction  to  §  18  and  at 
the  end  of  §  18.  Rte.  H.  the  exact 
times  and  route  are  as  follows.  In 
1863  the  first  party  to  accomplish  this 
feat,  Messrs.  E.  N.  Buxton  and 
K.  E.  Digby,  went  from  the  Z'Mutt 
chalets,  above  Zermatt,  to  the  Cher- 
montane  huts  in  rather  more  than 
10  hrs.'  actual  walking.  In  1876 
Mr.  Girdlestone's  party,  without 
guides,  went  from  Zermatt  itself  to 
Chanrion  in  I2§hrs.'  walking.  Pro- 
bably less  time  would  be  required  to 
make  the  route  in  the  opposite  direc- 
tion. The  way  from  Chanrion  lies 
up  the  Otemma  gl.  by  the  Col 
d'Oren  route  (§  18.  Rte.  H.  3)  till  not 
j  very  far  from  that  pass.  It  is  then 
I  necessary  to  bear  due  E. ,  so  as  to  cross 
!  a  broad,  snowy  opening  marked  3,300 
m.  on  the  Siegfried  map,  and  situated 
S.  of  the  Petit  Mont  Collon;  this 
Col  might  be  called,  for  the  sake  of 
I  clearness,  the  Col  du  Petit  Mont 
j  Collon.  By  this  pass  the  head  of  the 
J  Mont  Collon  gl.  is  gained,  and 
traversed  in  order  to  reach  the  Col  de 
PEvique  (3,393  m.,  11,132  ft.)  — 
originally  called  Col  d' Arolla — 
whence  a  small  lateral  gl.  leads  down 
to  the  head  of  the  Arolla  gl. ,  not  far 
from  the  Col  de  Collon.  A  further 
traverse  across  this  gl. ,  in  a  slightly 
N.E.  direction,  brings  the  traveller 
to  the  N.  Col  du  Mont  Brule, 
whence  the  Col  de  Valpelline  is 
gained,  as  mentioned  above.  It  is 
obvious  that  an  expedition  lying  for 
so  great  a  distance  at  so  high  a  level, 
and  almost  altogether  over  neve,  will 
be  found  practicable  only  under  un- 
usually favourable  circumstances.  It 
is  possible  to  go  along  the  ridge  from 
the  N.  Col  to  the  S.  Col  in  1  nr.,  and 


ROUTE  E.    AOSTA  TO  ZERMATT 


469 


it  is  worth  while  pointing  out  that  the 
hump  3,364  m.  of  the  Italian  map,  to 
the  N.  of  the  N.  Col,  is  certainly  higher 
than  that  between  the  two  Cols, 
which  the  same  map  puts  at  3,377  m. 

This  is  probably  the  best  place 
in  which  to  notice  yet  another 
pass  which  also  leads  to  the  basin 
of  the  Upper  Za  de  Zan  gl.,  and 
which  has  caused  great  confu- 
sion—the Col  des  Bouquetins.  It 
lies  between  the  Dents  des  Bou- 
quetins  on  the  W.  and  the  Tete 
Blanche  on  the  E.,  and  connects  the 
great  snow  fields  feeding  the  Mont 
Mine  and  Ferpecle  gls.  with  the 
Upper  Za  de  Zan  gl.  The  Siegfried 
and  Italian  maps  both  mark  it  as 
lying  close  under  the  E.  face  of  the 
N.  bit  of  the  Dents  des  Bouquetins 
ridge.  On  the  N.  side  it  is  reached 
over  rolling  snow  fields,  easily  gained 
from  Arolla  or  Ferpecle  by  bearing 
respectively  S.E.  or  S.W.  from  the 
routes  of  the  S.  Col  de  Bertol 
(Rte.  C)  or  of  the  Col  d'Herens 
( Rte.  H ).  When  the  broad  depression 
of  the  Col  3,418  m.  (11,214  ft.)  comes 
in  sight,  it  is  best  to  keep  level  along 
the  slopes  of  the  Tete  Blanche,  as  the 
actual  point  at  which  the  ridge  is 
passed  is  the  last  bit  of  rock  seen 
to  the  E.  of  and  about  200  ft.  above 
the  top  of  the  icefall.  On  the  S. 
side  there  is  a  great  and  impractica- 
ble icefall  of  about  200  ft.  in  height, 
which  can,  however,  be  easily  turned 
by  rocks  or  debris  on  its  1.  or  E. 
side.  The  traveller  thus  attains  the 
uppermost  snowy  basin  of  the  Upper 
Za  de  Zan  gl. ,  and  by  traversing  that 
basin  to  the  E.  soon  joins  the  route 
to  the  Col  de  Valpelline,  at  theN.E. 
corner  of  that  basin.  The  Col  des 
Bouquetins,  therefore,  has  scarcely  a 
separate  existence — at  any  rate  a 
useful  existence — of  its  own  ;  it  simply 
combines  bits  of  the  routes  of  the  S. 
Col  de  Bertol,  the  Col  d'Herens, 
and  the  Col  de  Valpelline,  being 
merely  a  cross  route  from  one  of 
these  to  the  others.  Messrs.  W.  E. 
Hall  and  K.  E.  Digby,  who  in  1862 
first  crossed  this  pass,  made  an  un- 


necessary detour  over  a  high  snowy 
plateau  N.W.  of  the  Tete  Blanche, 
thus  keeping  too  far  to  the  E. , 
though  descending  ultimately  to  the 
snowy  basin  of  the  Upper  Za  de 
Zan  gl.J 

To  return  from  this  long  digression 
relating  to  some  very  intricate  pro- 
blems of  Alpine  history  and  topo- 
graphy.   On  the  farther,  or  N.E., 
side  of  the  snowy  basin  of  the  Za  de 
Zan  gl.  is  the  Col  de  Valpelline,  as 
yet  unseen.    Crossing  the  neve  in  a 
N.E.  direction  a  secondary  gl. ,  broken 
up  into  seracs,  descends  on  the  r. 
hand.       A  rapid   ascent   up  snow 
slopes   leads  the  traveller  round  a 
projecting  buttress  on  the  S.E. ;  the 
Col  de  Valpelline  soon  comes  into 
sight,  and  not  long  after  it  is  attained, 
in  about  an  hour  from  the  top  of  the 
rocks,  or  5f-6  hrs.  from  Praraye.  It 
I   lies  at  a  height  of  3,562  m.,  11,687  ft., 
j   across  the  snowy  ridge  joining  the 
j    Tete  Blanche  (3,750  m.,  12,304  ft.), 
j   on  the  N.W.,  with  the  Tete  de  Val- 
pelline (3,813  m.,  12,510  ft.),  on  the 
!  S.E. 

[Either  summit  can  be  easily  gained 
I  in  ^  hr.  from  the  Col,  and  both  com- 
I  mand  magnificent  views,  that  from  the 
Tete  Blanche  being  perhaps  the  finer, 
though  thence  the  Matterhorn  hides 
Monte  Rosa  itself.  The  Tete  Blanche 
is  a  snowy  pyramid,  lying  between 
three  glacier  passes  (Col  de  Valpelline, 
1  Col  d'Herens,  and  Col  de  Bertol, 
from  all  of  which  it  is  accessible 
without  the  slightest  difficulty)  that 
intersect  the  immense  snow  fields 
whence  the  Z'Mutt,  Ferpecle,  Mont 
Mine,  and  Za  de  Zan  gls.  diverge  at 
about  equal  angles.  Owing  to  this 
central  position  in  the  vast  snow  and 
ice  countiy  round,  there  are  few 
points  so  easily  attainable  which 
command  so  magnificent  a  scene. 
The  view  includes  the  Mont  Blanc, 
Grand  Combin,  Arolla,  Monte  Rosa, 
and  Bernese  Oberland  peaks.  || 

After  leaving  the  Col  de  Valpelline, 
half  an  hour's  careful  work  over  a 
'   crevassed  gl.  (the  crevasses  are  often 
I   concealed  by  a  covering  of  snow)  is 


47o         PENNINE  ALPS.    §  19. 


VALPELLINE  DISTRICT 


required  to  join  the  route  from  the 
Col  d'Herens,  by  which  (Rte.  H)  the 
Stockje  rocks  are  gained  in  J  hr. , 
and  Zermatt  in  about  hrs.  more, 
or  from  9  to  10  hrs.'  walking  from 
Praraye.  In  the  reverse  direction 
6-7  hrs.  up  from  Zermatt,  and  3  j  hrs. 
down  to  Praraye  should  be  allowed 
by  ordinary  walkers. 

Ascent  of  the  Dent  d'Herens. — 
This  fine  peak  (4,180  m.,  13,715  ft.) 
was  first  attained  in  1863  by  Messrs. 
W.  E.  Hall,  R.  J.  S.  Macdonald, 
M.  Woodmass,  and  F.  C.  Grove,  with 
Melchior  Anderegg,  Peter  Perren, 
and  J.  P.  Cachat,  from  Praraye,  by 
what  is  still  the  best  route.  The  Col 
de  Valpelline  route  is  followed  over 
the  Lower  Za  de  Zan  gl. ,  but  left  in 
order  to  mount  by  the  S.  moraine  of 
the  tributary  gl.  flowing  down  N.  of 
the  Tete  de  Roese.  A  way  must  be 
found  through  the  seracs  to  the  upper 
basin  of  the  Lower  Za  de  Zan  gl. 
(This  neve  basin  may  also  be  reached 
from  Praraye  by  the  Vieglia  Alp,  the 
Tete  Bellaza,  and  the  gl.  E.  of  the 
Tete  de  Roese,  but  this  involves  a 
much  longer  traverse  across  the  neve. ) 
From  this  high  basin  rocks  must  be 
climbed  up  the  face  of  the  peak  to 
either  its  W.  or  S.W.  arete  (or  the 
latter  may  be  ascended  from  its  foot, 
falling  stones  being  thus  avoided),  by 
which  the  summit  is  gained  in  1^-  hr. 
from  the  neve,  or  7  hrs.  from  Praraye. 

The  foot  of  the  S.W.  arete  is  not 
very  far  from  the  Col  des  Grdftdes 
Murailles  (3,869  m.,  12,694  ft.),  by 
means  of  which  the  Dent  d'Herens 
may  be  ascended  in  8-9  hrs.  from 
Breuil  (§  20.  Rte.  B).  From  the  Za  de 
Zan  neve  the  Punt  a  Margherita 
(3,877  m.,  12,720  ft. )— the  N.  summit 
of  the  Grandes  Murailles  ridge,  to  the 
S.  of  the  Col  of  that  name — can  be 
climbed  in  2\  hrs. 

In  1 87 1  Messrs.  A.  W.  Moore  and 
H.  Walker  made  a  new  pass  from 
Zermatt  to  the  Valpelline,  the  Tiefen- 
mattenjoch  (3,593  m.,  11,788  ft.),  the 
Swiss  side  of  which  is,  however,  very 
dangerous,  as  the  final  slope  is  a  very 
steep  icefall,  and  is  constantly  raked 


by  falling  stones.  The  descent  across 
a  rock  buttress  on  the  1.  to  the  Za  de 
Zan  neve  is  perfectly  easy.  The 
Dent  d'Herens  can  be  climbed  direct 
from  the  pass  by  following  the  W. 
arete  throughout  its  entire  length,  or 
on  reaching  the  Za  de  Zan  neve  it  is 
easy  to  bear  E.  so  as  to  join  the 
usual  route  from  Praraye  up  the  peak. 


Route  F. 

PRARAYE  TO  THE  VALTOURNANCHE 
BY  THE  COL  DE  VALCOURNERA. 

The  range  which  separates  the 
Valpelline  from  the  Valtournanche  is, 
perhaps,  the  most  important  and  ex- 
tensive of  the  lateral  ridges  which 
run  in  a  S.  direction  from  the  main 
watershed  of  the  Pennine  Alps.  It 
starts  from  the  Dent  d'Herens  and 
rises  in  a  number  of  high  summits, 
the  altitude  of  which  diminishes  in  a 
remarkably  uniform  manner.  Its  W. 
slope  is  in  general  covered  by  great 
glaciers,  above  which  rises  the  final 
wall  of  peaks.  The  E.  slope  is  ex- 
ceedingly precipitous,  notwithstand- 
ing which  most  of  the  summits  on 
the  main  ridge  are  usually  ascended 
from  Breuil  (§  20.  Rte.  B).  Great 
confusion  has  hitherto  prevailed  as  to 
the  correct  names  and  positions  of 
the  summits  of  this  ridge.  The  fol- 
lowing summary  is  taken  from  the 
careful  monograph  by  Mr.  Alfred  G. 
Topham,  which  was  published  in  the 
17th  vol.  of  the  'Alpine  Journal.' 

Immediately  S.  of  the  Dent 
d'Herens  is  the  broad,  snowy  de- 
pression of  the  Col  des  Grandes 
Murailles  (3,869  m.,  12,694  ft.) 
Next  comes  the  peak  of  which  the 
N.  end  is  marked  3,877  m.  (12,720 
ft.)  on  the  Italian  map,  and  the  S. 
end  3,771  m.  (12,373  ft.);  the  N. 
point  is  now  known  as  the  Punta 
Margherita,  and  the  two  together  are 


ROUTE  F.    PARAYE  TO 


THE  VALTOURNANCHE  471 


called  the  Grandes  Murailles.  Then 
comes  the  Pointe  des  Gors,  or  Punta 
Gastaldi,  3,855  m.  (12,648  ft.),  be- 
yond which  is  the  Col  des  Cors  (c. 
3,800  m.,  12,468  ft.)  Then  we  come 
to  a  sharp  tooth,  now  called  Punta  Lioy 
(c.  4,000  m.,  13,124  ft.),  but  un- 
marked on  the  Italian  map,  and  first 
ascended  in  1890.  This  is  succeeded 
by  the  double-headed  Jumeaux  de 
Val  Tournanche,  or  Gemelli,  the  N. 
point  being  specially  called  the  Punta 
Giordano  (3,873  m.,  12,707  ft.)  and 
theS.  point  Punta  Sella  (c.  3,860  m., 
12,665  ft-)  Next  in  order  is  the  true 
Bee  de  Gum,  3,805  m. ,  12,484  ft.,  on 
the  Italian  map,  which  wrongly  gives 
this  name  to  the  next  peak  to  the  S., 
rightly  named  Bee  de  Creton,  3,637  m. , 
11,933  ft-  Between  these  two  sum- 
mits is  the  great  snow  saddle  of  the 
Col  Budden.  S.  of  the  true  Bee  de 
Creton  rises  the  Tour  de  Creton 
(3.583  nr.,  11,756  ft.),  wrongly 
called  Bee  de  Creton  on  the  Italian 
map.  Then  come  the  Col  de  Creton 
(3,324  m.,  10,906  ft.),  the  Mont 
Blanc  de  Creton,  c.  3,420  m. , 
11,221  ft.  (the  local  name  for  a  low 
point,  which  is  snow-covered  on  the 
W.  side),  and  the  fine  snow-capped 
summit  of  the  Chateau  des  Dames 
(3,489  m.,  11,447  ft-)  The  S.  ridge 
of  this  peak  sinks  to  the  Cot  de  Vof- 
rede  (3,133  m. ,  10,279  ft.),  and  rises 
to  form  the  Mont  Rouss  (3,241  m. , 
10,633  ft.),  both  being  on  a  spur  of 
the  main  chain.  The  watershed  runs 
S.W.  from  the  Chateau  des  Dames, 
is  traversed  by  the  Col  du  Petit 
Glacier  Bellaza  (3,063  m. ,  10,050  ft. ), 
and  then  rises  in  a  fine  series  of  rocky 
peaks,  the  N.  and  highest  summit  of 
which  (3,394  m.,  11, 136  ft.)  is  locally 
called  the  Punta  del  Drago7ie.  Be- 
yond them  is  the  Punta  di  Fonta- 
nella  (3,386  m.,  11,109  ft.),  climbed 
as  far  back  as  1864  by  Dr.  A.  Balt- 
zer,  and  then  the  ridge  sinks  to  the 
best  known  pass  across  it,  the  Col  de 
Valcournera  (3,147  m. ,  10,325  ft.) 
South  of  this  pass  is  a  long,  sharp 
ridge,  as  yet  without  a  name,  and  at 
its  S.  extremity  the  Dome  de  Cian 


(3,355  m.,  11,008  ft.)  The  Col  de 
Cian  (c.  3,170  m. ,  10,401  ft.)  sepa- 
rates this  summit  from  the  Pointe  de 
Cian  (3,321  m.,  10,896  ft.),  which 
throws  out  a  buttress  to  the  E. ,  ovei 
which  leads  the  Col  de  Fort,  E. 
of  which  is  the  Bee  de  Sale  (2,774  m-  5 
9,101  ft.,  or  2,685  m-j  8,809  ft.) 
From  the  Pointe  de  Cian  the  water- 
shed runs  nearly  due  W.  towards  the 
Bee  de  Luseney.  Just  S.W.  of  the 
Pointe  de  Cian  is  the  small  rocky 
tooth  now  called  Pointe  de  Chavan- 
cour  (3,195  m.,  10,483  ft.),  and 
beyond  the  Col  de  Chavancour  (e. 
2,970  m.,  9,744  ft.),  leading  from 
the  Chavancour  huts,  at  the  head  of 
the  Torgnon  basin  of  the  Valtour- 
nanche,  to  the  Cournera  glen.  The 
peak  W.  of  this  pass  is  rightly  called 
M.  Redessau  on  the  Italian  map.  It 
has  two  points  (3,217  m.,  10,555  ft., 
and  3,230  m.,  10,598  ft.)  The  latter 
is  on  a  side  spur  to  the  N. ,  but  from 
the  former  the  watershed  now  runs 
between  the  St.  Barthelemy  glen  and 
the  Valtournanche,  the  only  high 
summit  on  it  being  the  Cima  Bianca 
(3,010  m.,  9,876  ft.)  The  Col  de 
Livournea  (2,851  m. ,  9,354  ft.)  and 
the  Cima  di  Livournea  (3,207  m., 
10,522  ft.)  lead  on  from  the  Mont 
Redessau  to  the  Bee  de  Luseney  (3,506 
m.,  11,503  ft.),  the  loftiest  sum- 
mit in  the  ridges  S.  of  the  Col  de 
Valcournera.  S.  of  the  Bee  are 
the  Becca  oVArbiera  (3,442  in., 
11,293  ft.),  the  M.  Montagnaia 
(3,060  m.,  10,040  ft.),  the  Beeea  del 
Merlo  (3,245  m.,  10,647  ft.),  and  the 
Mont  Pisonet  (3,215  m.,  10,548  ft.), 
with  the  Becca  d* Acquelon  (3,324  m. , 
10,906  ft.),  on  a  spur  N.W.  of  the 
latter  point,  the  succession  of  peaks 
above  10,000  ft.  soon  coming  to  an 
end  at  the  Mont  Faroma  (3,072  m., 
10,079  ft.) 

The  ascents  of  the  peaks  last  named 
are  described  in  Rte.  G.  below, 
and  those  of  the  summits  N.  of  the 
Chateau  des  Dames  in  §20.  Rte.  B.  as 
they  are  generally  made  from  Breuil. 
The  St.  Barthelemy  passes  also  are 
described  in  Rte.  G.  below.    Of  the 


472        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  19.  VALPELLINE  DISTRICT 


others  the  Col  des  Grandes  Murailles 
is  of  practical  use  only  as  affording 
a  means  of  approaching  the  Dent 
d'Herens  from  Breuil,  and  is  put  in 
§  20.  Rte.  B.  The  remainder  of  this 
Route,  therefore,  describes  only  the 
Col  de  Valcournera  and  the  peaks  in 
its  immediate  neighbourhood. 

The  Col  de  Valcournera  (3, 147  m. , 
10,325  ft. )  is  a  short,  steep  pass,  with- 
out difficulty  to  the  ordinary  moun- 
taineer, and  interesting  by  reason  of 
the  fine  views  it  commands  of  the 
little-known  range  on  the  W.  side  of 
the  Valpelline.  The  pass  was  known 
to  hunters  as  far  back  as  the  last 
quarter  of  the  seventeenth  century. 

Starting  from  Praraye  the  traveller 
crosses  the  Valpelline  torrent  by  a 
plank  bridge,  and  then  mounts  by  a 
track  through  pine  forest  to  the  first 
hut  (visible  from  Praraye)  in  the 
Cournera  glen.  The  path  lies  along 
a  water  channel  on  the  r.  side  of  that 
glen  to  the  Ciardonay  huts.  Here 
the  traveller  must  turn  N.E.,  cross 
some  screes,  and  then  ascend  mode-1 
rately  steep  rocks  and  grass,  above 
which  large  loose  blocks  and  patches 
of  snow  lead  up  to  a  snow  couloir,  at 
the  upper  end  of  which  the  pass  is 
gained  (2J-3  hrs.  from  Praraye).  The 
descent  on  the  other  side  lies  for  5  mini 
over  a  small  glacier,  below  which,  to 
the  N.  E. ,  is  the  small  Dragone  lake,  at 
the  head  of  the  wild  Fontanella  glen, 
apparently  closed  in  the  direction  of 
the  Valtournanche  by  a  ridge  stretch- 
ing from  N.  to  S.  Following  the 
stream  from  the  lake  down  a  gorge 
to  the  r.,  leading  a  little  E.  of  S., 
and  climbing  down  some  rather  steep 
rocks,  the  traveller  soon  reaches  a 
track  that  leads  into  the  short  and 
nearly  level  upland  valley  of  Fonta- 
nella. Some  way  below  are  the  Cig- 
nana  huts,  whence  a  mule  path  winds 
N.E.  round  the  mountain-side,  and 
leads  to  Paquier  (commonly  called  Val- 
tournanche), the  chief  hamlet  in  the 
Valtournanche  (2  hrs.  from  the  pass). 

[From  the  Col  de  Valcournera 
the  Punt  a  di  Fontanella  (3,386  m., 
11,109  ft.),  on  the  N.W.,  can  be 


climbed  in  I J  hr.  by  its  S.E.  ridge, 
but  the  highest  summit  of  this  group, 
the  Punt  a  del  Dragone  (3,394  m. , 
1 1, 136  ft. ),  is  best  ascended  in  1^  hr. 
from  the  Col  du  Petit  Glacier  Bellaza, 
on  the  E.,  by  the  N.E.  arete.  The 
Dome  de  Clan  (3,355  m.,  11,008  ft.) 
is  accessible  in  1  hr.  from  the  Col  de 
Cian,  between  it  and  the  Pointe  de 
Cian  ;  the  latter  point  is  also  attain- 
able in  f  hr.  from  that  pass,  or  by 
the  N.E.  ridge  from  the  Balanselmo 
gl. ,  on  the  N.  The  M.  Redessau 
(3,217  m.,  10,555  ft.)  can  be  gained 
in  f  hr,  from  the  Col  de  Chavancour 
(which  is  reached  in  3 \  hrs.  from 
Praraye),  and  the  higher  peak 
(3,230  m.,  10,598  ft.)  in  35  min. 
more  by  the  steep  rocks  of  its  S. 
face,  J 

If  the  traveller  is  bound  from  the 
Col  de  Valcournera  to  Breuil  the 
shortest  way  is  from  the  Fontanella 
plain  (J  hr.  from  the  pass)  to  bear 
round  E.,  avoiding  unnecessary  de- 
scents, and  so  gain  the  wide  opening 
of  the  Col  de  Dza  (2,442  m.,  8,012 
ft. ),  S<  E.  of  the  Mont  Rouss,  in  f  hr. 
Breuil  is  seen  hence,  and  is  gained 
in  I \  hr.  more  by  a  faint  track  over 
grass  slopes.  A  longer  but  much 
finer  way  is  by  the  Col  de  Vofrede 
(3,133  m.,  10,279  ft.),  just  S.  of  the 
Chateau  des  Dames,  the  ascent  of 
which  may  be  easily  made  en  route. 
From  the  Dragone  lake  an  easy 
ascent  leads  to  that  Col  (1  hr.  from 
the  first  pass).  Thence  the  upper 
snows  of  the  Vofrede  glacier  are  de- 
scended without  difficulty  ;  then  snow 
and  rocks  on  its  r.  bank,  the  moraine 
on  the  1.  bank,  and  a  ravine  below 
bring  the  traveller  down  to  a  point 
below  the  Bayettes  huts,  whence  a 
bridge  soon  leads  over  to  the  1.  bank 
of  the  main  stream  in  the  Valtour- 
nanche. Flere  the  mule  path  is 
joined  and  followed  up  to  Breuil 
(2  hrs.  from  the  pass).  From  the 
upper  snows  of  the  Vofrede  gl. 
the  Chateau  des  Dames  (3,489  m., 
11,447  ft. )  may  be  attained  byway 
of  the  rocky  and  snowy  S.  arete 
(3  hrs.)    The  view  from  the  summit 


ROUTE  G.    THROUGH  THE 


VAL  ST.  BARTHELEMY  473 


is  very  extensive,  including  Mont 
Blanc,  as  well  as  the  Combin  group 
and  the  Arolla  and  Zermatt  peaks. 
If  it  is  wished  to  climb  the  peak  on 
the  way  to  the  village  of  Valtour- 
nanche,  it  is  best  to  ascend  the  steep 
rocks  of  its  S.W.  face,  or  to  follow 
its  easy  S.W.  rock  arete  from  the 
Col  du  Petit  Glacier  Bellazd  (ij  hr. ) 
The  last-named  pass  (3,063  m., 
10,050  ft.)  is  a  variation  of  the  Col 
de  Valcournera,  and  is  a  shorter 
route  from  Praraye  if  the  destination 
be  Breuil  or  the  Chateau  des  Dames. 


Route  G. 

THROUGH  THE  VAL  ST.  BARTHE- 
LEMY TO  THE  VALPELLINE  OR 
THE  VALTOURNANCHE. 

About  half-way  between  Aosta  and 
Chatillon  (7 \ miles  from  either  place), 
near  the  village  of  Nus  (§  1 5.  Rte.  A),  a 
mountain  torrent  descends  from  the  N. 
to  join  the  Dora  Baltea.  This  stream 
rises  in  the  Luseney  lake  (2,620  m., 
8,596  ft. ),  and  in  its  course  of  12  miles 
drains  the  Val  St.  Barthelemy  and 
its  tributary  glens  of  D'eche  and  Breva. 
This  district  has  been  hitherto  very 
little  known  to  travellers,  but  the 
recent  excellent  monograph  on  it, 
published  by  Signori  Mondini  and 
Canzio  in  the  '  Bollettino  del  C.  A. 

I.  '  for  1894,  should  do  much  to  attract 
attention  to  it.  The  valley  of  St. 
Barthelemy  is  very  picturesque.  It 
is  enclosed  between  two  ridges  which 
split  off  from  the  watershed  between 
the  Valpelline  and  the  Valtournanche 
at  the  peak  of  the  M.  Redessau 
(3,217  m.,  10,555  ft.),  thus  forming 
as  it  were  a  fork.  Of  these  two 
ridges  that  to  the  W.  is  by  far  the 
most  important,  for  it  contains  the 
highest  summits  (of  which  the  loftiest 
is  the  Bee  de  Luseney,  3,506  m., 

II,  503   ft.),  its   lower    slopes  ex- 


panding into  green  pastures,  whereon 
are  all  the  chief  hamlets.  This  W. 
ridge  is  furrowed  by  two  side  glens, 
through  which  lead  the  easiest  passes 
to  the  Valpelline  :  these  give  access 
to  Oyace,  while  four  other  passes 
across  the  N.  bit  of  this  W.  ridge 
bring  the  traveller  to  Bionaz,  or  even 
to  Praraye.  There  are  some  easy 
passes  across  the  E.  ridge  by  which 
the  Torgnon  basin,  in  the  Valtour- 
nanche, may  be  gained,  the  higher 
parts  of  that  valley  being  reached  by 
crossing  buttresses. 

From  Nus  there  are  paths  on  either 
side  of  the  valley,  as  far  as  La  Pra 
(that  on  the  r.  bank  crossing  the  Deche 
and  Breva  ravines),  where  they  unite. 
The  principal  mule  path  runs  along 
the  1.  or  E.  bank  of  the  glen.  It 
mounts  rapidly  at  first  to  the  hamlet 
of  Blavy  ( 1  hr. ),  then  traverses  a  wide 
shelf  of  pasture  and  crosses  in  1 J  hr. 
to  the  r.  bank,  soon  at  a  bifurcation 
zigzagging  up  a  steep  slope  to  the  /. 
(by  keeping  to  the  r.  at  the  fork  La 
Pra  is  gained  in  I J  hr.  along  the  r. 
bank  of  the  torrent),  in  order  to  gain 
Lignan,  the  main  hamlet  of  the  com- 
mune of  St.  Barthele77iy  (1,628  m., 
5,341  ft. ),  where  is  the  church  (3^-  hrs. 
from  Nus).  \\  hr.  further  over  fine 
pastures  on  the  same  side  of  the  valley 
is  the  last  hamlet,  La  Pra  (1,812  m., 
5,945  ft.)  Here  the  mule  path  ends. 
The  chapel  of  Champ  Plaisant  stands 
on  a  promontory,  f  hr.  higher  up  the 
valley,  and  2  hrs.  beyond,  just  below 
the  lake  of  Luseney,  are  the  highest 
huts,  Crotes  (2,403  m.,  7,884  ft.),  a 
set  of  half-subterranean  hovels.  They 
are  conveniently  situated  for  night 
quarters,  but  the  traveller  will  pro- 
bably prefer  to  halt  at  the  large  Pre- 
terier  huts,  \  hr.  below  Crotes,  or  at 
the  poor  inn  at  St.  Barthelemy  itself. 

1.  By  the  Col  de  St.  Barthelemy 
or  de  Verdona  to  Oyace. — This  is  the 
most  frequented  of  all  the  passes  to 
the  Valpelline,  as  it  is  the  easiest 
and  is  traversed  by  a  mule  path.  The 
path  up  the  r.  bank  of  the  main 
valley  is  followed  from  Nus  to  the 
village  of  Ville  de  Nus  {\\  hr.),  and 


474 


PENNINE  ALPS.    §  19. 


VALPELLINE  DISTRICT 


then  bears  N.W.  up  the  Deche  glen. 
This  glen  (like  that  of  Breva)  ends  in 
a  steep  gorge,  but  its  upper  portion  is 
occupied  by  pastures  and  many  huts. 
The  way  mounts  by  these  to  the  pass, 
c.  2,650  m.,  8,695  ft-  (3i  nrs-  bom 
Ville  de  Nus),  which  is  also  called 
the  Col  de  Verdona.  On  the  other 
side  opens  the  Verdona  glen,  through 
which  Oyace  may  be  gained  in  2  hrs. 
from  the  pass. 

2.  By  the  Col  de  Yessona  to  Oyace. 
— This  pass  starts  direct  from  the 
main  hamlet  of  St.  Barthelemy.  The 
way  lies  N.W.  over  fine  pastures  to 
the  Chaleby  huts  (ij  hr. ),  at  the  head 
of  the  Breva  glen,  whence  a  more 
rapid  ascent  leads  in  another  hr.  to 
the  highest  huts,  named  Champana- 
men.  (These  may  be  gained  more 
directly  from  St.  Barthelemy  by  way 
of  the  Fontaney  huts  in  2  hrs.) 
Hence  a  track  over  pastures  and 
stones  leads  nearly  due  W.  to  the  pass, 
2,794  m.,  9,167  ft.  (ihr. ),  which  com- 
mands a  noble  view,  including  Mont 
Blanc.  (This  may  be  extended  by 
mounting  the  M.  Faroma  (3,072  m., 
10,079  ft. ),  on  the  S.W.,  I  hr.)  A 
faint  track  leads  down  over  great 
boulders  and  shifting  slopes  of  stones 
to  the  highest  huts  in  the  Vessona 
glen  (J  hr. ),  situated  in  a  wild  hollow. 
There  is  a  path  along  the  r.  side  of 
this  glen,  which  makes  a  great  bend 
to  the  r.,  and  it  is  also  possible  to 
descend  straight  by  a  faint  track  (easy 
to  lose)  by  the  stream  through  a 
ravine,  then  amid  gigantic  larches,  and 
huge  fallen  blocks,  so  as  to  gain  the 
lower  huts,  La  Vieille.  These  stand 
in  a  little  green  plain,  formerly  a  lake 
basin,  which  is  surrounded  by  an 
amphitheatre  of  rocks,  those  to  the  S. 
being  jagged  and  very  steep.  The 
path  soon  crosses  to  the  1.  bank  of  the 
torrent,  and  lies  through  a  glen  where- 
in soft  turf  and  moss-grown  rocks 
alternate  with  pine  forest.  Aquilegia 
alpina  is  here  abundant.  Further 
down  the  high  ranges  on  the  opposite 
side  of  the  Valpelline  are  well  seen, 
and  also  the  village  of  Bionaz.  Near 
the  mouth  of  the  glen  the  path  turns 


W. ,  and  descends  steeply  under  larch 
trees  to  the  savage  gorge  of  the  Val- 
pelline torrent.  This  is  crossed  by  a 
stone  bridge,  bearing  the  date  1688 
(if  hr.  from  the  highest  huts),  whence 
a  steep  ascent  leads  in  another  \  hr. 
to  Oyace. 

3.  By  the  Col  de  Cunei  to  Bionaz. 
—  On  the  Italian  map  this  pass  is 
called  Col  de  Montagnaia,  but  this 
name  properly  belongs  to  another  pass 
farther  to  the  N. ,  described  below. 

Not  far  from  the  head  of  the  valley 
of  St.  Barthelemy,  and  nearly  due  W. 
of  the  Preterier  huts,  there  nestles 
under  the  E.  face  of  the  Becca  del 
Merlo  a  Sanctuary  of  considerable 
local  renown,  called  Cunei  (spelt 
Chiny  on  the  Italian  map).  This 
consists  of  a  church,  dedicated  to 
Notre  Dame  des  Neiges,  which  was 
founded  about  1650,  and  was  rebuilt 
on  a  larger  scale  in  1869.  Several 
rooms  in  the  adjoining  buildings  serve 
to  receive  the  priests  who  say  mass 
here  on  August  5  annually,  the 
inhabitants  of  the  valley  coming  up 
in  a  solemn  procession.  It  stands  at 
a  height  of  2,656  m.  (8,714  ft.),  in  a 
desolate,  stony  hollow,  wherein  grows 
a  kind  of  juniper,  locally  known  as 
■  cuneia,'  which  has  given  its  name  to 
the  spot.  The  Sanctuary  may  be 
gained  from  the  village  of  St.  Barthe- 
lemy by  several  routes.  The  most 
picturesque  and  direct  way  is  to 
mount  N.  over  the  fine  Fontaney 
pastures  to  the  pass  of  that  name, 
2,563  m.,  8,409  ft.  (2^hrs. ),  whence 
\  hr.  suffices  to  reach  the  Sanctuary. 

[From  the  Sanctuary  the  Becca  del 
Merlo  (3,245  m.,  10,647  ft.),  on  the 
W. ,  may  be  climbed  in  about  3 \  hrs. 
by  way  of  the  rocks  on  the  N.  side  of 
the  conspicuous  gully  which  runs  up 
the  E.  face  of  the  peak  ;  the  N.  ridge 
is  thus  attained  and  followed,  more 
or  less,  to  the  summit,  the  last  bit 
being  a  rock  tower.  A  shorter  ascent 
is  that  of  the  M.  Fisonet  (3,215  m., 
10,548  ft.),  on  the  S.W.,  which  is 
made  by  way  of  a  gully  leading  up  to 
the  N.  ridge  and  then  for  \  hr.  along 
that  ridge  itself,  2J  hrs.  in  all.  J 


ROUTE  G.    THROUGH  THE  VAL  ST.  BARTHELEMY  475 


To  reach  the  Col  de  Cunei,  it  is 
necessary  from  the  Sanctuary  to  follow 
a  faint  path  in  a  N.  direction,  which 
gradually  disappears  before  the  travel- 
ler attains  ( 1  fir. )  a  point  to  the  E.  of 
and  rather  higher  than  the  lowest  de- 
pression in  the  ridge,  this  gap  itself 
(2,952  m.,  9,685  ft.)  being  accessible 
by  steep  gullies  which  there  is  no 
need  to  climb.  (20  min.  off  on  the 
N.  E.  is  the  easily  attained  M.  Mon- 
tagnaia, 3,060  m.,  10,040  ft.)  Slopes 
of  shifting  stones  lead  down  towards 
the  Montagnaia  glen,  care  being  taken 
to  leave  on  the  r.  the  point  marked 
2,773  m.  on  the  Italian  map,  as  there 
are  precipices  below  it.  The  green 
basin  in  which  stands  the  large  Acqtie- 
lon  hut  is  thus  gained  in  1  \  hr.  from 
the  pass.  Hence  a  path  leads  along 
the  r.  side  of  the  valley,  becoming 
steeper  as  it  approaches  the  Valpel- 
line,  which  is  gained  at  the  Puillaye 
hut  in  an  hour  from  Acquelon. 
Bionaz  is  f  hr.  further  dow?i  the 
valley. 

4.  By  the  Col  de  Montagnaia  to 

Bionaz. — From  St.  Barthelemy  the 
valley  path  is  followed  for  2\  hrs.  to 
Champ  Plaisant,  whence  a  path  leads 
N.  W.  up  to  the  Freideron  huts  (ijhr.), 
which  lie  in  a  fine  green  basin  dotted 
with  tarns.  A  faint  track  runs  slightly 
to  the  N.  round  a  spur,  and  by  steep 
grass  and  stone  slopes  leads  N.W. 
to  the  narrow  gap  of  the  pass,  2,860 
m.,  9,383  ft.  (ii  hr.) 

[Hence  the  ascent  of  the  Becca 
d"  Arbiera  (3,442  m.,  11,293  on 
the  N. ,  may  be  made.  It  is  necessary 
to  skirt  the  lower  and  serrated  bit 
of  the  S.  arete  by  descending  a  little 
way  on  the  Valpelline  side  of  the  pass, 
regaining  the  ridge  in  \  hr.  from  the 
Col,  and  clambering  along  it  for 
\\  hr.  more  to  the  S.  and  lower  sum- 
mit (3,400  m.,  11,155  ft-))  composed 
of  two  horns.  \  hr.  along  the  ridge 
suffices  to  gain  the  higher  N.  summit, 
which  commands  a  fine  view.  It  is 
easy  to  descend  by  a  short  round  to 
the  N.  to  the  depression  marked 
2,850  m.  (9,351  ft.)  on  the  W.  ridge, 
and  so  join  the  route  of  the  Col  de 


Cunei  or  of  the  Col  de  Montagnaia 
before  reaching  Acquelon.  Either 
peak  can  be  gained  direct  from  the 
Preterier  huts,  at  the  head  of  the  St. 
Barthelemy  glen,  by  way  of  the  gully 
leading  up  to  the  gap  between  them, 
3  hrs.  3 

From  the  Col  a  great  slope  of 
stones  enables  the  traveller  to  join 
the  route  of  the  Col  de  Cunei,  the 
Acquelon  hut  being  attained  in  1  \  hr. 
from  the  pass. 

5.  By  the  Col  de  Luseney  to  Bionaz. 
— This  pass  starts  from  the  Crotes 
huts,  at  the  extreme  head  of  the  St. 
Barthelemy  glen,  4^hrs.  from  Lignan. 
The  way  lies  W.  past  the  Luseney 
huts  (20  min.),  and  S.  of  the  lake  of 
that  name,  over  a  stony  plain,  and 
then  up  a  steep  snow  slope  to  the  pass, 
c.  3,100  m.,  10,171  ft.  (2§  hrs.), 
which  is  a  glacier  pass  just  N.E.  of 
the  Bee  de  Luseney. 

[From  it  the  Bee  de  Luseney 
(3,506  m.,  11,503  ft.)  can  be  as- 
cended in  1  \  hr.  by  way  of  the  snowy 
N.E.  arete  and  E.  face.  It  can  also 
be  climbed  direct  from  the  Luseney 
huts  by  the  rocky  E.  face.  Mr. 
Adams- Reilly,  who  made  the  first 
ascent  in  1866,  climbed  from  the 
Arbiera  glen  by  the  W.  and  N.  aretes 
to  the  N.E.  ridge.  An  easier  and 
shorter  ascent  from  the  Col  is  the 
Ci?na  di  Livourjiea  (3,207  m. ,  10,522 
ft.),  on  the  E.,  which  may  be  gained 
in  f  hr.  But  the  Bee  de  Luseney  is 
to  be  preferred,  as  it  is  itself  a  most 
beautiful  pyramidal  snow  peak,  and 
being  the  highest  of  this  group  com- 
mands the  finest  view.  J 

To  gain  the  Valpelline  the  glacier 
on  the  other  side  of  the  pass  must  be 
followed  for  \  hr.  Then  the  traveller 
must  bear  sharply  to  the  1.  in  order 
to  quit  the  glacier  near  a  conspicuous 
rocky  tower,  as  the  great  icefall  is 
impassable.  A  stony  ridge,  gradu- 
ally becoming  grassy,  leads  down  to 
the  Pra  Dieu  huts,  whence  a  path 
runs  through  the  Arbiera  glen,  past 
the  huts  of  that  name,  to  the  Puillaye 
hut,  in  the  Valpelline  (2|  hrs.  from 
the  pass),  which  is  f  hr.  above  Bionaz. 


476 


PENNINE  ALPS.    §  19.  EVOLENA  DISTRICT 


6.  By  the  Col  de  Livournea  to  1 

Praraye. — This   is   the  most  direct 
route  from  the  St.  Barthelemy  glen  to  j 
the  head  of  the  Valpelline.    The  pass 
(2,851  m.,  9,354  ft. )  is  gained  without  j 
difficulty  in  about    1  hr.   from  the 
Crotes  huts  past  those  of  Luseney.    It  j 
is  locally  called  the  Col  de  Luseney. 

[Hence  the  Cima  di  Livournea 
(3,207  m.,  10,522  ft.)  may  be  climbed 
in  3§  hrs.  by  its  N.E.  and  E.  ridges, 
but  the  ascent  is  much  shorter  (f  hr. ) 
from  the  true  Col  de  Luseney,  no.  5. 
above.  3 

Some  stones  lead  down  in  a  few 
steps  to  the  small  Livournea  glacier, 
which  is  easily  crossed.    Beyond,  the  | 
way  lies  through  the  Livournea  glen  I 
past  the  La  Chaz  huts  and  the  Lei  \ 
lake,  the  Valpelline  being  attained 
at  the  hamlet  of  La  Nouva  {2\  hrs.  j 
from  the  pass),  a  short  hour  below 
Praraye. 

The  passes  to  the  Valtournanche  j 

across  the  ridge  forming  the  E.  limit  j 
of  the  St.  Barthelemy  glen  are  easier 
than  those  over  the  W.  ridge.    The  \ 
Fenetre  de  Cia?i  (c.  2,750  m. ,  9,023  1 
ft.)  is  N.  of  the  Cima  Bianca  (3,010  j 
m.,  9,876  ft.),  and  leads  from  the 
Crotes  huts  to  those  of  Chavancour,  j 
in  the  Torgnon  basin.    (After  crossing  ' 
that  pass  the  traveller  bound  for  the 
village  of  Valtournanche  will  do  well 
to  mount  N.  to  the  Col  de  Chavan- 
cour,  and  thence  traverse  N.E.  over 
a  level  neve  plain  to  the  Col  de  Cian, 
descending  to  the  village  by  the  glen 
coming  from  the  Col  de  Valcournera. )  ! 
There  are  also  two  passes  over  the 
ridge  S.  of  the  Cima  Bianca  to  the  1 
lower   part  of  the  Torgnon  basin, 
whence  the  village  of  Valtournanche 
can  be  attained  by  way  of  the  Col  \ 
d'Ersa  (2,255  m->  7>399  ft-)>  S,  of 
the  M.  Ersa  (2,769  m.,  9,085  ft.) 

But  the  most  frequented  way  from  | 
the  St.  Barthelemy  glen  to  the  Val- 
tournanche  is  by  the  Col  de  Fenetre  j 
(2,185  m->  7,169  ft.),  nearly  due  E.  j 
of  the  La  Pra  huts,  in  the  former 
valley,  and  a  long  way  S.  of  the  | 


Cima  Bianca.  It  may  be  reached  in 
\\  hr.  from  La  Pra,  and  1  hr.  more  is 
required  for  the  descent  to  the  hamlet 
of  Torgnon  (1,489  m.,  4,885  ft.), 
whence  a  mule  path  leads  down  to 
the  Valtournanche,  gained  (in  I  hr. ) 
at  a  point  \  hr.  above  Chatillon. 


Route  H. 

EVOLENA  TO  ZERMATT  BY  FERPECLE 
AND  THE  COL  D'h£RENS.  AS- 
CENTS OF  THE  DENT  BLANCHE. 

In  Rte,  B  we  described  the  Arolla 
glen,  the  S.W.  of  the  two  glens  into 
which  the  Herens  valley  splits  at 
Hauderes,  above  Evolena.  We  must 
now  proceed  to  describe  the  S.E. 
glen,  or  that  of  Ferpecle.  At  the  head 
of  the  Ferpecle  glen  is  found  one  of 
the  most  extensive  snow  fields  in  the 
Alps.  The  general  form  is  that  of  an 
elbow,  being  defined  by  two  sets  of 
nearly  parallel  ridges.  On  the  W. 
these  snow  fields  are  bounded  by  the 
ridge  which  stretches  N.  from  the 
Dents  des  Bouquetins  through  the  Aig. 
de  la  Za  to  the  Grandes  Dents.  On  the 
E.  the  limit  is  the  lofty  range  which 
runs  from  the  Wandrluh  rock-wall, 
E.  of  the  Col  d'Herens,  through  the 
beautiful  peak  of  the  Dent  Blanche, 
N.  to  the  Grand  Cornier  and 
Couronne  de  Breonna.  These  two 
parallel  ridges  are  about  4  or  5  miles 
from  each  other.  Their  S.  ends  are 
joined  by  a  snowy  ridge,  which  rises 
half-way  in  the  snowy  pyramid  of  the 
Tete  Blanche  (3,750m.,  12,304ft.), 
the  central  point  of  this  icy  region, 
and  consequently  a  panoramic  summit 
of  the  first  order.  A  ridge,  at  first 
scarcely  perceptible,  runs  N.  from  the 
Tete  Blanche  to  the  rocky  pro- 
montory of  the  Mont  Mine,  thus 
dividing  these  great  snow  fields  into 
two  parts.  The  ice  stream  flowing 
down  to  the  W.  of  this  ridge  is  called 


ROUTE  H.    EVOLENA  TO  ZERMATT 


477 


the  Mont  Mine  gl. ,  while  that  to  the 
E.  is  the  Ferpecle  gl.  (the  united 
streams  bearing  the  latter  name), 
both  being  fed  from  the  same  great 
upper  plateau.  Hence  it  is  possible 
to  gain  this  plateau  by  either  of  these 
icy  arms,  but  the  W.  is  more  used  by 
parties  bound  over  the  Col  de  Bertoi 
to  Arolla,  the  E.  one  affording  the 
most  direct  route  over  the  Col 
d'Herens  to  Zermatt. 

From  Evolena  follow  the  char  road 
for  I  hr.  to  Haude?'es,  as  for  Arolla 
(Rte.  B).  The  rough,  stony  mule 
track  then  bends  S.E. ,  and  mounts 
rather  rapidly  above  the  r.  bank  of 
the  torrent  past  several  groups  of  huts 
to  (ij  hr. )  those  of  Salay,  near  the 
foot  of  the  Ferpecle  gl.  Here  is  the 
quaint  little  Ferpecle  Inn  (c.  1,800 
m. ,  5,906  ft.),  a  pleasant  sojourning 
place  for  several  days,  as  there  are  a 
number  of  expeditions  to  be  made 
from  it. 

[The  Col  de  Zannine  or  de  Veisivi 
(3,062  m.,  10,046  ft.)  to  Arolla 
can  be  crossed  in  6  hrs. ,  it  being 
best  to  keep  on  the  rocks  N.W.  of 
the  snow  couloir  running  down  to 
the  Biegnette  gl.  Either  the  Grande 
Dent  de  Veisivi,  3,425  m.,  11,237  ft. 
(1  hr. ,  quite  easy),  or  the  Petite  Dent, 
3,189  m.,  10,463  ft.  (the  harder),  may 
be  climbed  by  its  ridge  from  the  Col 
(2  hrs. )  The  Dent  Perroc  (3,679  m. , 
12,071  ft.)  may  be  ascended  by  its 
E.  arete,  this  being  a  fine  climb 
(?  hrs.  )  The  W.  Point e  de  Monrti 
(3,585  m.,  11,762  ft.)  is  accessible 
easily  by  its  S.W.  ridge,  but  the 
rather  lower  E.  peak  (3,570  m., 
11,713  ft.)  commands  a  better  view, 
though  it  is  to  be  reached  only  by  the 
N.E.  or  N.W.  ridges  (5  hrs.  in  each 
case).  The  Dent  des  Rosses  (3,620 
m. ,  11,877  ft.)  can  be  reached  in 
7  hrs.  by  the  Rosses  gl.  and  the  S. 
ridge,  and  the  Point e  de  Bricolla, 
3,663  m.,  12,018  ft.  (5  hrs.  from  the 
inn),  in  a  few  minutes  from  the  pass 
of  that  name,  to  the  S.E. ,  for  which 
and  other  passes  in  the  direction  of 
Zinal  see  Rte.  K.  below.  The 
Grand  Cornier  (3,969  m.,  13,022  ft.) 


is  best  reached  by  the  great  W.  butt- 
ress between  the  Bricolla  and  Dent 
Blanche  gls.  of  the  Siegfried  map, 
which  is  followed  to  its  junction  with 
the  main  S.  arete  ;  it  is  necessary  to 
keep  along  the  W.  base  of  the  teeth 
on  this  arete,  and  so  climb  up  to  the 
summit  (6  or  7  hrs.  from  Ferpecle). 
It  is  possible  to  follow  the  entire 
very  jagged  S.  arete  from  the  Col  du 
Grand  Cornier  to  the  summit,  but 
this  is  very  long.  Another  excursion 
from  Ferpecle  is  to  go,  by  the  route 
to  be  described  in  detail  presently,  to 
the  top  of  the  Col  d'Herens,  and 
back,  perhaps  ascending  the  Tete 
Blanche  if  the  weather  is  favourable, 
as  the  view  thence  is  very  grand 
I  indeed.]] 

From  Ferpecle  it  is  possible  to 
reach  the  upper  snow  fields  near  the 
Col  d'Herens  in  3J  hrs.  by  way  of 
the  Mont  Mine  gl. ,  turning  both 
icefalls  by  the  easy  moraine  on  the  1. 
bank  of  that  gl.  But  (as  pointed  out 
above)  this  route  is  best  suited  for 
those  bound  for  the  Aig.  de  la  Za 
and  Arolla  by  the  Col  de  Bertoi. 
Travellers  wishing  to  reach  Zermatt 
direct  will  find  the  Ferpecle  gl.  their 
:  shortest  route. 

The  Col  d'Herens  is  possibly  a  very 
I  ancient  pass,  for  there  is  certain  evi- 
I   dence  of  an  ancient  annual  procession 
i   from  Zermatt  to  Sion  (changed  into 
I   one  to  Tasch  in  1666),  and  though  it 
I   cannot  be  distinctly  proved  that  it 
went  thither  over  the  glaciers,  yet 
there  are  other  bits  of  evidence  in 
favour  of  the  existence  in  the  upper 
Val  d'Herens  of  a  Teutonic  colony 
from  Zermatt,  dating  back  certainly 
to  1455,  and  perhaps  even  to  the  four- 
teenth century.    But  the  first  known 
passage  by  a  traveller  was  that  by 
Principal  Forbes,  in  1842.     It  is  a 
very  easy  glacier  pass.    From  Fer- 
pecle the   traveller  must   follow  a 
path    above    the    r.    bank    of  the 
Ferpecle  gl.,  which  mounts  rapidly 
past  (if  hr. )  the  Bricolla  chalets, 
where  there  was  formerly  a  small  inn, 
burnt  down  in  1864.    Hence  the  r. 
bank  and  the  Manzette  moraine  are 


478  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  19.  EVOLENA  DISTRICT 


followed  for  50  min.  more  to  the  ice, 
which  is  gained  at  a  point  close  to 
and  W.  of  the  Roc  Noir.  Here  the 
proper  way  crosses  the  N.  bit  of  the 
gl. ,  passes  round  above  the  icefall  of 
the  main  Ferpecle  gl.,  and  then  in- 
clines S.,  keeping  to  the  E.  of  the 
rocky  island  called  Mottarotta,  over 
the  great  gently  inclined  snow  fields 
to  the  pass,  3,480  m.,  11,418  ft. 
(2  to  3  hrs.,  according  to  the  state  of 
the  snow.)  Some  grand  objects  are 
visible,  of  which  the  Matterhom  is 
pre-eminent,  but,  in  spite  of  its  great 
height,  the  pass  does  not  command  a 
very  wide  panorama.  A  most  won- 
derful view,  extending  to  the  Grand 
Paradis  group,  may,  however,  be  ob- 
tained from  the  snowy  pyramidal  I 
peak  to  the  S.W.  of  the  pass,  the 
Tete  Blanche  (3,750  m. ,  12,304  ft.), 
the  very  easy  ascent  of  which  over  j 
snow  slopes  takes  only  f  hr.  from  the 
Col,  and  should  not  be  omitted  by 
any  one  on  the  pass  in  fine  weather. 

'[From  the  Col  d'Herens  the  Dent  \ 
Blanche  (4,364m.,  14,318  ft.)  is  well 
seen.    This  is  often  one  of  the  most  : 
difficult  and  dangerous  mountains  in 
the  Alps,  but  in  some  years  the  con- 
ditions are  extremely  favourable.  It 
was  first  ascended  in  1862  by  Messrs. 
T.   S.   Kennedy  and  W.  Wigram, 
with  J.  B.  Croz  as  leader,  by  way  of 
the  S.W.  face  and  S.  arete,  the  start 
having  been  made  from  the  Bricolla  ! 
chalets,  from  which  the  expedition,  ! 
including  a  few  short  halts,  took  16 
hrs.     Mr.  Finlaison  in  1864  struck 
out  a  new  route  straight  up  the  W.  1 
face,  but  this  is  very  difficult  and 
dangerous,  by  reason  of  falling  stones.  , 
The  usual  starting  point  (since  the 
destruction  of  the  Stockje  hut.  on  the 
Zermatt  side  of  the  Col  d'Herens) 
is  a  very  good  bivouac  (a  cave  under 
big   boulders)    on   the  Schonbiihl, 
nearly  opposite  the  Stockje.  Thence 
the  route  keeps  up  the  1.  moraine 
of  the  Schonbuhl  gl.  till  the  neve 
above  the  icefall  is    passed.  The 
neve  is  then  crossed,  and  a  big  snow  ; 
and  rock  couloir  leads  up  to  the  snow 
at  the  furthest  N.  end  of  the  Wand-  | 


fluh  wall,  where  the  S.  arete  of  the 

mountain  touches  the  snow.  This 
couloir  cuts  diagonally  across  the  face 
somewhere  below  the  point  marked 
3,912  m.  Overhanging  it  is  a  sort 
of  snow  and  ice  fall  (at  the  top  of 
the  Wandfluh  wall).  It  is  a  most 
dangerous  mode  of  approach,  but  is 
much  shorter  than  from  the  Stockje. 
The  ascent  of  the  peak  is  then  made 
by  the  S.  arete  or  its  W.  face,  just 
below  the  crest  of  that  arete.  Unless 
the  rocks  are  iced  there  is  no  very 
great  difficulty  on  this  route,  though 
(save  in  exceptional  years)  none  but 
good  climbers  should  attempt  the 
ascent.  6-7  hrs.  are  required  from  the 
bivouacking  place  on  the  Schonbiihl, 
or  5-6  hrs.  from  the  new  Club  hut  on 
the  S.  Col  de  Bertol,  Rte.  C.  The  W. 
and  E.  aretes  have  been  forced  by 
first-rate  parties,  as  also  the  S.E. 
face,  but  none  of  these  routes  can 
be  recommended  for  general  adop- 
tion. 3 

The  Wandfluh  rock  wall  shows  a 
bold  front  of  rock  on  its  S.E.  side, 
but  is  lowest  near  the  Col,  where 
there  are  only  about  100  ft.  of  easy  but 
rotten  rocks.  These  are  sometimes 
overhung  by  a  small  cornice,  which 
must  be  cut  through.  The  most 
westerly  arm  of  the  Z'Mutt  gl. 
(called  Stock  gl.)  is  thus  gained. 
This  is  always  very  much  crevassed, 
so  that  some  time  may  be  spent  in 
gaining  the  W.  end  of  the  Stockje 
buttress.  This  is  descended  by  a 
path  in  a  S.E.  direction  to  the  edge 
of  the  lateral  Tiefenmatten  gl.  (i-| 
hr.  from  the  Col),  where  a  Club  hut 
stood  for  some  years,  till  it  was  swept 
away  by  an  avalanche.  It  is  by  a 
path  on  the  crest  of  the  moraine  of 
the  Tiefenmatten  gl.  that  the  traveller 
gains  the  main  stream  of  the  great 
Z'Mutt  gl.  This  huge  ice  stream, 
highly  interesting  to  the  geologist, 
from  the  varied  rocks  that  are  found 
in  its  moraines,  borne  down  from  the 
precipices  of  the  Matterhorn,  Dent 
d'Herens,  and  Dent  Blanche,  &c, 
is  unpleasing  to  the  eye  and  tiresome 
to  the  feet,  from  the  extraordinary 


ROUTE  I.    SIERRE  TO  ZERMATT 


479 


quantity  of  debris  that  covers  its 
level  portions,  not  merely  accumu- 
lated in  moraines,  but  strewn  over  the 
whole  surface.  It  is  with  satisfaction 
that  the  weary  traveller,  after  passing 
down  its  centre,  finally  leaves  it  on 
the  r.  bank  just  before  the  ice  be- 
comes quite  covered  with  stones,  and 
close  to  the  two  highest  trees  on  this 
side  of  the  valley.  A  path  leads  hence 
to  the  Staffel  Alp  Inn  (before  reaching 
it  a  mule  path  leads  up  in  I  hr.  to  the 
Schwarzsee  Hotel),  from  which  a 
mule  path,  one  of  the  regular  tracks 
of  the  Zermatt  tourist,  leads  down 
the  r.  bank  of  the  Z'Mutt  torrent  to 
its  junction  with  the  path  from  the  St. 
Theodule  (§  20.  Rte.  B),  by  which 
Zermatt  is  gained  in  an  hour  more 
{4-5  hrs.  from  the  pass).  Time  is 
lost  by  leaving  the  Z'Mutt  gl.  on  its  /. 
bank,  but  it  is  a  pleasant  variation  on 
the  ordinary  route  to  cross  (some  way 
below  the  Staffel  huts)  by  a  bridge 
high  above  the  torrent  to  the  hamlet 
of  Z'Mutt,  on  its  1.  bank,  and  to  follow 
the  path  along  that  bank  to  Zermatt. 


Route  I. 

SIERRE  TO  ZERMATT  BY  THE  VAL 
d'anniviers.  ASCENTS  FROM 
ZINAL. 

Hrs. 

Niouc  1-2 

Vissoye        .       .       .  i£ 

Ayer  1 

Zinal  ah 

Carriage  road  to  Vissoye  :  mule  path 

thence  to  Zinal.   Zinal  to  Zermatt  :  see 

the  passes  enumerated  below. 

Very  few  valleys  in  the  Alps  can 
boast  of  such  beautiful  and  varied 
scenery  as  the  Val  d'Anniviers 
(Germ.  Einfisckthal),  or  offer  passes 
so  singular  and  so  grand  as  those 
leading  thence  to  Zermatt.  A  good 
carriage  road  has  been  carried  as  far 


as  Vissoye,  at  which  village,  as  well 
as  at  St.  Luc,  Chandolin,  Grimentz, 
and  Zinal,  good  mountain  inns  have 
now  been  opened,  as  well  as  the  H. 
Weisshorn,  at  Tetafayaz,  above  St. 
Luc. 

The  main  road  up  the  Rhone 
valley  crosses  the  Rhone  by  a  bridge 
about  f  m.  E.  of  Sierre,  and  soon 
after  a  branch  char  road  bears  r. 
(S.W. )  gradually  up  along  the  moun- 
tain-side till,  on  nearing  the  gorge  of 
Pontis,  through  which  the  Navigenze 
descends  to  join  the  Rhone,  it  mounts 
by  zigzags  above  the  r.  bank  to  the 
village  of  Niozu  (2  hrs.  by  carriage). 

[A  pedestrian  may  save  1  hr.  or  so 
between  Sierre  and  Niouc  by  turning 
to  the  r.  just  beyond  the  church  at 
Sierre,  following  the  telegraph  posts, 
and  then  crossing  the  Rhone  by  an 
iron  bridge  to  the  village  of  Chippis, 
from  the  church  of  which  a  very  steep 
path,  always  following  the  line  of  the 
telegraph  posts,  leads  up  to  the  high 
road,  crossing  its  zigzags  several  times 
and  ending  just  below  Niouc,  reached 
thus  in  I  hr.  from  Sierre.  J 

There  are  few  finer  defiles  in  the 
Alps  than  that  through  which  the 
Navigenze  has  cut  its  way  to  join  the 
Rhone.  The  ravine  is  in  some  parts 
reduced  to  a  mere  cleft,  reminding 
the  traveller  of  some  of  the  more 
striking  scenes  in  the  gorge  of  the 
Via  Mala.  But  little  of  this  ravine 
is  seen  from  the  road  which  lies  at  a 
great  height  above  the  stream,  and 
the  new  road,  which  in  two  or  three 
places  pierces  the  rock  by  short  tun- 
nels, is  far  less  picturesque,  though 
also  less  laborious  and  shorter,  than 
the  old  way.  The  scenery,  even  with 
this  deduction,  is  extremely  beautiful. 
The  hamlet  of  Fang,  lying  in  the 
midst  of  fine  walnut  trees,  is  seen 
below  on  the  r. ,  and  soon  after  there 
comes  into  view  the  church  spire  of 
the  principal  hamlet  of  the  valley, 
Vissoye  (1,221  m.,  4,006  ft.) 

[5  min.  before  a  saw  mill  (be- 
longing to  Fang)  a  mule  path  leads 
up  on  the  1.  in  hr.  to  the  high- 
perched  village  of  at.  Luc  (1,643  m-> 


480  PENNINE  ALPS.  § 


19.  ZINAL  DISTRICT 


5,391  ft.),  which  may  also  be  gained 
in  1  hr.  by  another  steep  mule  path 
direct  from  Vissoye,  or  3-J-4  hrs.  from 
Sierre.  This  mountain  village,  which 
has  been  burnt  several  times,  com- 
mands a  fine  view  of  the  Val  d'Anni- 
viers,  as  well  as  of  the  Matterhorn, 
seen  over  the  depression  of  the  Col 
Durand.  The  flora  is  extensive,  but 
the  slopes  on  which  it  stands  are  tree- 
less just  here.  The  chief  object  of 
most  visitors  to  St.  Luc  is  the  ascent 
of  the  N.W.  peak  (3,001  m.,  9,846 
ft. )  of  the  Bella  Tola  (the  highest  and 
S.E.  point  is  3,028  m.,  9,935  ft.)  It 
may  be  observed  as  a  general  rule 
that  all  the  detached  summits  lying 
between  the  great  ranges  of  the  Pen- 
nine and  the  Bernese  Alps  command 
panoramic  views  that  amply  reward 
an  ascent,  when  made  with  favourable 
weather.  That  of  the  Bella  Tola  is 
now  one  of  the  most  easily  accessible, 
as  the  villagers  have  made  a  mule 
track  by  which  the  summit  is  gained 
in  3  hrs.  from  St.  Luc.  A  good 
walker  can  return  to  St.  Luc  by  de- 
scending to  the  Bella  Tola  gl. ,  E.  of 
the  peak,  and  then  scrambling  over 
the  ridge  between  the  peak  and  the 
Schwarzhorn.  From  that  gl.  it  is 
easy  to  descend  to  Turtmann  by  the 
Meretschi  and  Asp  Alps.  Another 
interesting  route  by  which  St.  Luc 
may  be  approached  from  the  Rhone 
valley  is  by  a  torrent  which  joins  that 
river  opposite  the  town  of  Leuk, 
and  leads  up  to  the  ///  lake,  lying 
under  the  Illhorn  (2,724  m.,  8,937 
ft.)  This  is  a  point  commanding  a 
fine  view,  and  rising  at  the  edge 
of  the  singular  lllgraben,  an  extra- 
ordinary funnel-shaped  hollow,  about 
1,500  ft.  deep.  The  ridge  enclosing 
it  on  the  Rhone  valley  side  is  too 
narrow  and  crumbling  to  be  traversed, 
but  the  Illhorn  is  easily  gained  from 
the  mule  path  leading  from  Susten 
or  Turtmann  to  St.  Luc,  and  the 
edge  of  the  chasm  can  also  be  reached 
at  a  lower  point.  This  path  passes 
in  great  part  through  forest,  and  then 
crosses  a  depression  between  the  Ill- 
horn  and   the   Schwarzhorn,  from 


which  the  descent  may  be  made  either 
S.W.  to  St.  Luc  or  to  Chandolin, 
further  N.  About  6f  hrs.  are  re- 
quired from  Susten  to  St.  Luc,  and 
5  in  the  reverse  direction.  J 

[2  hrs.  S.E.ofVissoyebyamulepath 
through  fine  forests  is  the  splendidly 
situated  Hotel  Weisshorn  (2,345  m., 
7,694  ft.),  which  is  1 J  hr.  from  St. 
Luc  through  another  portion  of  the 
same  great  forest.  Many  rare  Alpine 
plants  are  found  near  it,  while  it  is  a 
capital  centre  for  many  pleasant  walks 
and  easy  excursions,  amongst  which  the 
following  may  be  mentioned.  The 
little  Lac  de  Tounot  is  I J  hr.  distant, 
while  the  Pte.  Tounot  (3,022  m., 
9,915  ft.),  above  it,  is  easily  gained  in 
2  hrs.  from  the  inn  ;  I J  hr.  further 
to  the  S.E.  is  the  Plumatt  (3,084  m., 
10, 1 19  ft. )  The  Bella  Tola  is  acces- 
sible in  2}  hrs.,  joining  the  zigzag 
path  from  St.  Luc.  Chandolin  may 
be  reached  in  3  hrs. ,  keeping  on  the 
hill-side  well  above  the  woods.  It  is 
an  agreeable  excursion  to  go  S.  by  a 
mule  path  over  magnificent  pastures, 
keeping  high  above  the  steep  E.  wall  of 
the  Val  d'Anniviers,  to  the  Lirec  huts, 
whence  a  zigzag  mule  path  leads  down 
to  Zinal,  3§  hrs.  3 

The  stranger  cannot  fail  to  be  struck 
by  the  large  number  of  villages  and 
scattered  houses  seen  in  the  Val  d'An  - 
niviers  near  and  above  Vissoye.  Even 
more  than  in  the  Val  d'Herens  the 
natives  lead  a  nomadic  life  in  summer, 
and  each  family  has  a  number  of 
dwellings,  which  sometimes  exceeds 
that  of  the  inmates.  Fires  have  been 
particularly  destructive  here,  and  few 
villages  have  escaped.  Evidence  of 
the  industry  of  the  people  is  seen  in 
the  unusual  number  of  water  channels, 
often  several  miles  in  length,  by 
which  the  bare  mountain  slopes  have 
been  made  to  burst  into  verdure. 

A  mule  track  leads  from  Vissoye 
along  the  r.  bank  of  the  Navigenze 
past  Quimet,  Mission,  and  Ayer,  all 
poor  -  looking  places  ;  the  second- 
named  is  opposite  Grimentz,  at  the 
fork  of  the  valley  where  the  stream 
from  the  Val  de  Torrent  or  de  Moiry 


ROUTE  I.    ASCENTS  FROM  ZINAL 


joins  the  main  branch  of  the  Navi- 
genze.  Above  Ayer  there  are  no 
winter  dwellings,  the  numerous  ham- 
lets consisting  only  of  may  ens  ^  or 
houses  inhabited  in  spring  and  summer 
and  occasionally  in  winter.  About 
I  m.  further  the  torrent  is  crossed  to 
its  L  bank.  The  track  ascends  through 
pine  forests,  and  returning  higher  up 
to  the  r.  bank  passes  by  several  clus- 
ters of  houses,  at  one  of  which,  called 
Zinal  (1,678  m.,  5,505  ft.),  are  the 
hotels. 

Zinal  has  now  become  a  favourite 
resort  of  travellers,  for  even  in  its 
immediate  neighbourhood,  and  still 
more  from  the  Mountet  Club  hut,  on 
the  edge  of  the  upper  basin  of  the 
grand  Zinal  gl. ,  many  excursions  and 
ascents  may  be  made. 

£One  of  the  shortest  excursions 
is  to  mount  to  the  Tracuit  alp,  on 
the  S.E.,  ascend  the  Roc  de  la  Vac  he 
(2,587  m.,  8,488  ft.),  on  the  edge 
of  the  cliffs  towards  Zinal,  and 
return  by  the  Arpitetta  alp  (glorious 
view  of  the  Weisshorn  and  Roth- 
horn,  and  the  basin  of  the  Morning 
gl. )  and  across  the  snout  of  the 
Zinal  gl.  This  round  may  be  agree- 
ably lengthened  by  crossing  from 
one  Alp  to  the  other  over  the 
ridge  (whence  there  is  a  remarkable 
view)  connecting  the  Tete  de  Millon 
and  the  Pointe  d' Arpitetta.  The 
Tete  de  Millon  (3,698  m.,  12,133  ft.) 
may  be  climbed  in  6  hrs.  from  Zinal, 
the  Pointe  d' 'Arpitetta  (3,140  m., 
10,302  ft. )  in  4  hrs.,  and  the  Garde 
de  Bordon  (3,316  m.,  10,880  ft.),  on 
the  opposite  side  of  the  valley,  in 
4  hrs. ,  mounting  from  the  path  to  the 
Col  de  Sorebois,  and  returning  by  the 
Alpe  de  l'Allee.  The  Pigne  de  PAllee 
(3,404  m. ,  1 1 , 168  ft. )  is  also  frequently 
ascended  from  Zinal  by  way  of  its  N. 
ridge  in  6  hrs.  ;  it  is  easy  to  continue 
along  the  ridge  to  the  Botiquetin, 
3,484  m.,  11,431ft.  (see  Rte.  K.)  The 
fine  peak  of  Lo  Besso  (3,675  m., 
12,058  ft.)  —  so  conspicuous  from 
Zinal — is  best  climbed  from  the 
Mountet  Club  hut.  Of  all  the  ascents 
close  to  Zinal  that  of  the  Diablons, 
1. 


3,605   m.,    11,828  ft.    (5  hrs.),  is 
perhaps  most   to   be  recommended 
for  the  view  ;  it  is  best  effected  by  the 
S.W.  rock  ridge,  or  face,  but  may  be 
accomplished  also  by  the  S.E.  ridge 
1   from  the  Col  de  Tracuit,  while  the  N. 
ridge  offers  the  most  interesting  climb. 
The  panorama  gained  from  the  sum- 
mit is  of  the  grandest  character.] 
No  visitor  to  Zinal  should  omit  to 
!   make  an  excursion  at  least  as  far  as 
i   the  Mountet  Club  kut,  as  the  view 
\   thence  is  one  of  the  most  magnifi- 
cent in  the  Alps.    The  path  up  the 
;   valley  soon  crosses  the  torrent  from 
j   the  glacier,  and  mounts  over  a  barrier 
of  rock,  through  a  cleft  in  which  the 
,   stream  has  cut  its  way.    The  track 
1   keeps  along  the  1.  or  W.  bank,  at  some 
\  height  above  the  ice,  then  takes  to 
the  steep  lateral  moraine  (here  there 
j   is  now  a  small  Restaurant),  and  finally 
!   leads  the  traveller  to  the  ice  of  the 
Zinal  or  Dtirand  gl.   (2  hrs.  from 
Zinal. )   The  lower  part  of  this  glacier 
is  free  from  difficulty,  and  the  'course 
taken  is  to  cross  diagonally  towards  the 
foot  of  Lo  Besso,  which  is  here  an  ex- 
tremely grand  object.  The  traveller  is 
now  confronted  by  a  series  of  rapids, 
in  which  the  glacier  descends  from  the 
upper  basin  to  the  lower  level  hither- 
to traversed.     In  order  to  turn  the 
great  icefall  (which  may  be  forced)  it 
is  best  to  take  to  the  moraine  on  the 
r.  bank,  just  under  Lo  Besso.  Above 
these  ice  rapids  the  traveller  reaches 
j   the  upper  level  of  the  glacier,  high 
above  the  r.    bank  of  which,  and 
j  in  the  midst  of  one  of  the  grandest 
j  scenes  in  the  Alps,  stands  the  Con- 
I  stantia  or  Mountet  Club  nut,  2,888 
m.,  9,475  ft.  (3J-4  hrs.  from  Zinal), 
which  is  now  a  sort  of  little  inn,  with 
resident  caretaker  in  summer.  The 
amphitheatre  enclosing  the  head  of 
the  glacier   comprises  four  glorious 
peaks,  the  Zinal  or  Morning  Rothhorn 
(4,223  m.,  13,856  ft.),  the  Gabelhorn 
(4,073  m.,    13,364   ft.),    the  Dent 
Blanche  (4,364  m.,   14,318  ft.),  and 
the  Grand  Cornier  (3,969  m. ,  13.022 
ft.),  the  steepness  and  the  proximity 
of  this  mighty  range  greatly  enhancing 

I  I 


482 


PENNINE  ALPS.    §  19.  ZINAL  DISTRICT 


the  effect,  which  in  its  way  is  hardly 
equalled  elsewhere.  The  traveller, 
who  does  not  propose  to  cross  any  of 
trie  passes  hence  to  Zermatt,  should 
not  fail  to  visit  (1  hr.  from  the  Club 
hut)  the  Roc  Noir  (3,128  m.,  10,263 
ft.),  a  rocky  island  in  the  very  centre 
of  this  wonderful  amphitheatre  of  ice 
and  rock. 

[The  ascents  of  the  Gabelhorn  and 
of  the  Dent  Blanche  from  the  Mountet 
side  are  very  difficult,  and  even  dan- 
gerous, so  that  only  the  most  experi- 
enced climbers  should  attempt  them. 
That  of  the  Grand  Cornier  is  much 
easier,  and  takes  about  4  hrs.  from 
the  Club  hut  by  way  of  the  route  of 
the  Col  du  Grand  Cornier  (Rte.  K) 
and  the  E.  ridge.  Lo  Besso  (3,675 
m.,  12,058  ft.)  is  accessible  in  3  hrs. 
from  the  Club  hut  by  the  S.W.  ridge. 
The  favourite  ascent  from  Mountet 
(for  good  climbers)  is  that  of  the 
Zinal  or  Morning  Rothhom{6  hrs. )  by 
its  rocky  N.  arete,  an  expedition  first 
made  in  1864  by  Messrs.  Leslie 
Stephen  and  F.  C.  Grove,  with  Mel- 
chior  and  Jakob  Anderegg  ;  it  is 
frequently  traversed  to  Zermatt.] 

Fifty  years  ago  none  but  the  most 
vague  and  contradictory  notions 
existed  at  Zermatt  as  to  the  possibility 
of  effecting  a  passage  across  the  range 
extending  from  the  Weisshorn  to  the 
Dent  Blanche,  and  the  common  be- 
lief was  that  such  a  pass,  if  feasible, 
would  lead  into  the  Val  d'  fLerens 
rather  than  into  the  Val  d'Anniviers. 
When  the  writer  (J.  B. )  had  satisfied 
himself  (in  1853)  that  the  latter  valley 
ran  into  the  heart  of  the  snowy  chain 
to  the  very  foot  of  the  Dent  Blanche, 
it  would  have  been  very  difficult,  if 
not  impossible,  to  find  a  native  of 
either  valley  who  would  have  agreed 
to  accompany  a  stranger  in  the 
attempt  to  accomplish  a  pass  between 
the  adjoining  valleys.  Now  at  least 
four  main  glacier  passes  are  known 
between  the  Anniviers  and  the  Zer- 
matt valleys. 

I.  By  the  Col  Durand  (io-ii  hrs. 
frcm  Zinal). — This  pass  forms  the  S. 
termination  of  the  Durand  or  Zinal 


gl.,  being  the  lowest  point  in  the 
range  connecting  the  Gabelhorn  and 
the  Dent  Blanche.  It  is  seen  from 
many  of  the  higher  points  in  the  Val 
d'Anniviers,  and  even  from  the  village 
of  St.  Luc,  with  the  peak  of  the 
Matterhorn  towering  over  it.  The 
first  known  passage  by  strangers  was 
that  effected  in  August,  1859,  by 
Messrs.  W.  and  G.  S.  Mathews, 
with  J.  B.  and  Michel  Croz  and 
Joseph  Viennin,  but  a  Zinal  party  had 
crossed  it  in  1858.  It  is  best  taken 
from  the  Zinal  side,  as  the  effect  of 
the  grand  view  from  the  summit  is 
enhanced  by  the  charm  of  surprise, 
and  because  the  only  difficulty  is  on 
the  Zinal  side.  Projecting  buttresses 
of  rock  descending  from  the  great 
peaks  round  the  head  of  the  Durand 
gl.  divide  the  snow  fields  into  different 
bays  ;  the  main  stream  of  that  gl. 
leads  straight  to  the  Col  Durand, 
while  the  bay  leading  to  the  Triftjoch 
is  seen  to  the  1.  of  the  great  buttress 
of  the  Gabelhorn. 

The  traveller  starting  from  the 
Mountet  Club  hut  must  keep  a  course 
over  the  glacier  in  a  nearly  due  S. 
direction,  having  the  rocky  island  of 
the  Roc  Noir  on  his  right  hand. 
Some  way  higher  up  the  slope  there 
is  a  double  bergschrund,  which  is 
sometimes  troublesome.  (Examined 
through  a  glass  by  the  writer,  in  Sep- 
tember 1853,  it  appeared  to  extend,, 
without  abridge,  right  across  the  head 
of  the  glacier,  with  a  breadth  of 
from  twenty  to  thirty  feet.)  Once 
over  this  barrier,  a  steep  snow  slope, 
only  troublesome  if  it  is  ice  and  gradu- 
ally decreasing  in  steepness,  leads  up 
to  this  pass,  3,474  m.,  11,398  ft.  (2J 
hrs.  from  Mountet. ) 

The  view  from  the  summit  which 
bursts  suddenly  upon  the  traveller,  or 
better  still  from  an  eminence  on  the 
r.  or  W.  of  the  Col,  and  marked  by  a 
cairn,  is  by  competent  judges  con- 
sidered to  be  the  grandest  in  the 
Pennine  Alps.  Right  opposite  the 
I  marvellous  peak  of  the  Matterhorn 
I  presents  its  most  imposing  aspect, 
flanked  on  the  r.   by  its  rival,  the 


ROUTE  I.    SIERRE  TO  ZERMATT 


483 


Dent  d'H^rens.  To  the  1.  is  the 
mass  of  the  range  of  Monte  Rosa, 
somewhat  foreshortened,  while  N.  of 
the  Weissthor  rise  the  Strahlhorn  and 
the  Rimpfischhorn.  As  compared 
with  the  neighbouring  pass  of  the 
Triftjoch  the  panorama  loses  the 
highest  summits  of  the  Saasgrat,  but 
the  loss  is  more  than  made  up  by  the 
Matterhorn,  not  seen  from  the  rival 
pass.  The  peaks  surrounding  the 
head  of  the  Zinal  gl.  must  not  be 
forgotten,  the  Dent  Blanche  seeming 
to  be  close  at  hand,  though  sepa- 
rated by  the  rocky  point  of  the  Pointe 
de  Zinal '(3,806  m.,  12,487  ft.),  which 
crowns  the  ridge  dividing  the  Hoh- 
wang  and  the  Schdnbiihl  glaciers. 

The  descent  to  the  Z'Mutt  gl.  may 
be  sometimes  effected  under  favour- 
able conditions  direct  down  the 
centre  of  the  icefall  of  the  Hohwang 
gl.  The  traveller  will  generally 
cross  the  gap  between  the  Hohwang- 
horn  and  the  Ebihorn,  on  the  1.  bank 
of  the  glacier,  but  it  may  be  found 
best  to  bear  r.  from  the  upper  Hoh- 
wang gl.  to  the  rocks  on  its  r.  bank, 
by  which  the  Z'Mutt  gl.  is  gained 
without  difficulty  (2  hrs. )  The  1.  bank 
of  that  glacier  and  the  track  above  it 
are  followed,  past  the  hamlet  of  Z'Mutt, 
to  Zermatt  (2  hrs. ) 

2.  By  the  Triftjoch  (9-10  hrs.  from 
Zinal). — The  remains  of  a  ladder  were 
found  on  this  pass  by  a  chamois 
hunter  some  years  before  1845,  an(^ 
again  by  the  cure  of  Tasch  in  1849, 
so  that  at  some  unknown  period  it 
had  been  not  unfrequently  crossed  by 
natives.  But  it  was  the  first  passage 
by  a  stranger,  effected  in  1854  by 
Mr.  R.  Fowler,  with  Arnold  Kehrli, 
of  Gadmen,  and  Ignaz  Biener,  of 
Zermatt,  that  made  it  known  to 
mountaineers  in  general. 

The  traveller  coming  from  the 
Mountet  Club  hut  must  bear  S.E. 
across  the  glacier  to  the  bay  lying  E. 
of  the  great  spur  of  the  Gabelhorn, 
and  then  gradually  steer  more  and 
more  to  the  E.  A  snow  slope, 
broken  by  crevasses,  leads  up  to  the 
rocks  of  the  Trifthorn,  which  are 


easily  climbed  (there  is  an  iron  chain 
at  the  worst  bit)  to  the  pass,  3,540  m., 
11,615  ft.  (2J-3  hrs.  from  Mountet.) 
The  only  real  danger  is  on  the  lower 
rocks  and  lower  snow  slope,  by 
reason  of  fragments  of  rock  that  are 
loosened  when  the  sun  begins  to  tell 
j   on  the  crest  of  the  ridge. 

The    pass    is   a   mere    notch  in 
I   the  ridge  between  the  Wellenkuppe 
I   (3,910  m.,  12,829  ft.),  a  summit  of  the 
J   Gabelhorn,  and  the  Trifthorn  (3,73^ 
;   m.,  12,261ft.),  a  few  feet  in  width, 
[   and  so  sharp  that  it  is  possible  to  sit 
astride  of  the  ridge.    The  view  of 
;   Monte  Rosa  and  of  the  Saasgrat  is 
!   of  the  grandest  character,  and  is  only 
surpassed  by  that  from  the  two  passes 
to  be  described  below.    The  view 
backwards,  where  the  rocks  seem  to 
I   plunge  vertically  down  towards  the 
head  of  the  Zinal  gl. ,  is  scarcely  less 
;  striking. 

A  broad  bent  couloir  runs  down 
from  the  Col  to  the  level  Trift  gl., 
across  which  a  course  due  E.  should 
be  kept  to  the  Eseltschuggen  rocks, 
whence  moraine  leads  down  into  the 
Trift  gorge,  in  which  the  path  from 
the  Trift  inn  is  found  and  followed  to 
Zermatt  (3  hrs.  from  the  pass). 

3.  By  the  Morning  Pass  (13-13J 
1  hrs.  from  Zinal). — This  is  the  most 
I  difficult  of  the  four  passes  here  de- 
I  scribed.  It  was  first  crossed  in 
j  1864  by  Messrs.  A.  W.  Moore  and 
j  E.  Whymper,  with  Christian  Aimer 
j   and  Michel  Croz.    The  Editor  (J.  B. ) 

is  indebted  to  the  former  gentleman 
j  for  the  following  notes  (abridged  in 
I  the  present  edition)  : — '  The  Morning 
!  gl.  is  fed  by  a  great  field  of  neve, 
!  which  lies  along  the  base  of  the  ridge 
that  circles  round  from  the  Schalli- 
horn  through  the  Rothhorn  to  Lo 
Besso.  This  is  supported,  at  a  great 
i  elevation  above  the  lower  gl. ,  by  a 
:  wall  of  rocks,  the  general  direction  of 
i  which,  speaking  roughly,  is  E.  and 
j  W.  Between  the  W.  end  of  this 
!  wall  and  Lo  Besso  there  is  a  wide 
j  opening,  through  which  the  glacier 
j  streams  in  a  broad  icefall,  but  the 
I   space  between  its  E.  end  and  the 

I  I  2 


4$4 


PENNINE  ALPS,    §  19.  ZINAL  DISTRICT 


Schallihorn  is  very  contracted,  and 
the  glacier  is  on  that  side  squeezed 
through  in  a  confused  mass  of  pre- 
cipitous seracs  and  ice  cliffs  of  the 
most  impracticable  character.  The 
true  Morning  Pass,  or  Ober  Schalli- 
joch  (3,745  m.,  12,287  ftr )5  lies  at  the 
head  of  this,  but  we  crossed  the  ridge 
at  a  slightly  higher  point  (3,793  m. , 
12,445  ft-)  a  veiT  little  farther  S.  and 
nearer  the  Rothhorn.'  These  two 
passes  are  separated  by  the  Morning 
peak  (3,867  m.,  12,687  ft.),  the  N. 
pass  being  used  if  it  is  wished  to 
attain  Randa,  and  the  S.  pass,  the 
easier,  if  Zerrnatt  be  aimed  at.  Mr. 
Moore's  party,  in  order  to  have  plenty 
of  time  for  exploration,  slept  at  the 
highest  chalet  on  the  Arpitetta  Alp, 
2\  hrs.  from  Zinal,  but  now  that  the 
route  is  known  a  good  party  can  start 
from  Zinal  itself.  '  Leaving  the 
chalet  at  5.40  a.m.,  we  got  on  to  the 
Weisshorn  gl.  in  35  min.  without 
difficulty.  This  gl.  flows  from  the 
ridge  between  the  Weisshorn  and  the 
Schallihorn  ;  in  its  upper  portion  it 
is  separated  from  the  Morning  gl.  by 
a  spur  from  the  Schallihorn,  but 
lower  down  the  two  are  united,  the 
division  being  merely  indicated  by  a 
medial  moraine.  We  crossed  it  and 
the  moraine  beyond,  and  so  reached 
the  Morning  gl.  at  a  point  where  the 
ice  was  smooth  and  level.'  Mr. 
Moore's  party  attempted  to  force  a 
way  direct  up  the  ice  cliffs  below  the 
Co!,  but  had  to  make  a  dangerous 
traverse  in  order  to  gain  the  rocks  of 
the  Schallihorn.  It  has  since  been 
found  better  to  climb  these  red  rocks 
at  once,  and  then  to  traverse  a  snow 
field  to  the  rocks  of  the  Morning  peak, 
by  which  and  a  steep  ice  or  snow 
slope  either  pass  is  reached  (5  hrs. 
from  the  chalet).  The  view  from  the 
pass  is  magnificent.  Nowadays  the 
pass  is  generally  taken  from  the 
Mountet  Club  hut,  the  Rothhorn  route 
being  followed  till,  shortly  after  the 
rocks  on  the  W.  arete  are  gained,  it 
is  easy  to  drop  down  on  to  the  upper 
level  of  the  Morning  glacier. 

Mr.  Moore's  party,  in  bad  weather, 


encountered  considerable  difficulty 
in  forcing  a  way  through  the  seracs 
on  the  Zerrnatt  side  of  the  pass. 
But  generally  these  do  not  give 
much  trouble,  unless  under  excep- 

I  tional  circumstances,  and  the  neve  of 
the  Hohlicht   gl.    is   easily  gained. 

I  '  The  neve  reached,  we  bore  away  to 
the  r. ,  and  keeping  close  under  the 
cliffs  of  the  Rothhorn,  without  much 
ascent,  got  on  to  the  ridge  which 
runs  from  that  peak  to  the  Mettelhorn, 
and  forms  the  r.  bank  of  the  Roth- 
horn gl. '  It  is  best  to  aim  at  a  broad 
opening  in  this  ridge,  farther  E.  than 
the  point  attained  by  Mr.  Moore's 
party,  this  opening  being  attained  by 
a  considerable  ascent  in  about  3  hrs. 
from  the  Morning  Pass.  This  ridge 
is  then  followed  till  it  sinks  into  the 
Rothhorn  gl.,  or  that  gl.  gained  direct 
higher  up  by  snow  slopes.  This  gl. 
is  crossed  in  a  S.W.  direction,  till 
finally  the  Triftjoeh  route  is  struck  at 
the  Eseltschuggen  rocks,  and  followed 
henceforth  to  Zerrnatt  (5^  hrs.  from 
the  Morning  Pass). 

4.  By  the  Schallijoch  (10-11  hrs. 

;  from  Zinal). — As  above  mentioned 
the  pass  called  Ober  Schallijoch  is 

i   really  the  N.  Morning  Pass,  and  thence 

;   a  difficult  rock  descent  leads  down  to 

:  the  Schalliberg  gl.  But  the  Schalli- 
joch proper  lies  on  the  other  side  of 
the  Schallihorn  (3,958  m. ,  12,986  ft. ), 
and  leads  from  the  Weisshorn  to  the 
Schalliberg  gl.  It  was  first  traversed 
in  1864  by  Messrs.  J.  J.  Hornby  and 
T.  H.  Philpott,  with  Christian  Aimer 
and  Christian  Lauener. 

From  the  highest  Arpitetta  chalet 
(2 J-  hrs.  from  Zinal)  the  Weisshorn 
gl.  is  easily  reached  in  1  hr. ,  and 
another  hour  suffices  to  force  a  way 
through  the  seracs  to  the  upper 
plateau  of  that  gl. ,  at  the  foot  of 
the  final  ascent  to  the  pass.  The 
first  party  cut  up  steep  ice  slopes 
direct  to  the  Col.  But  it  is  in  every 
way  preferable  to  take  to  the  Weiss- 
horn rocks  on  the  1.  of  the  pass,  and 
to  mount  them  till  a  final  steep  snow 

[   slope  gives  access  to  the  Col  (4  hrs. 

I  from  the  chalet).    More  seracs  lead 


ROUTE  K.    EVOLENA  TO  THE  VAL  D'ANNIVIERS  485 


down  to  the  Schalliberg  gl. ,  which  is 
quitted  in  1  hr.  on  its  r.  bank, 
2J  hrs.  more  sufficing  to  reach 
Randa. 

The  Weisshorn  (4,512  m.,  14,804 
ft. )  has  been  scaled  a  few  times  by  a 
very  difficult  and  dangerous  route 
from  the  Weisshorn  gl.  by  its  great 
W.  face,  while  in  1895  Mr.  Broome 
succeeded,  under  very  favourable  cir- 
cumstances, in  following  the  ridge 
from  the  Schallijoch  to  the  summit 
(5 -J  hrs.);  but  these  are  tours  de 
force,  and  the  best  route  up  the  peak 
(§  20.  Rte.  A)  is  from  a  bivouac  on 
the  Hohlicht,  passed  on  the  way  from 
the  Schallijoch  to  Randa. 


Route  K. 

EVOLENA  TO  THE  VAL 
D'ANNIVIERS. 

A  glance  at  the  map  suffices  to 
show  that  in  order  to  go  from  Evo- 
lena  to  the  upper  portion  of  the  Val 
d'Anniviers  it  is  necessary  to  cross 
two  ridges,  save  at  points  far  to  the 
N.  and  to  the  S.  This  is  due  to  the 
fact  that  the  ridge  dividing  the 
Kerens  and  Anniviers  glens  is  split 
into  two  ranges  by  the  Val  de  Tor- 
rent or  de  Moiry  ^  the  head  of  which 
is  closed  by  the  considerable  Moiry 
gl.,  formed  in  the  acute  angle  be- 
tween two  ridges  that  diverge  from  the 
peak  of  the  Grand  Cornier.  The  more 
westerly  of  these  ridges  separates  the 
Val  d'Herens  from  the  Torrent  glen, 
while  the  more  easterly  runs  due  N.  to 
the  Come  de  Sorebois  (2,923  m. ,  9,590 
ft.),  and  forms  the  boundary  between 
the  Torrent  and  Zinal  branches  of  j 
the  Val  d'Anniviers.  The  two  j 
points  at  which  a  single  ridge  is  j 
crossed  on  the  way  from  the  main 
Herens  to  the  main  Anniviers  valleys 
are  the  first  and  last  of  the  passes 
described  in  this  route,  the  Pas  j 
de  Lona,  leading  to  Grimetitz,  at  i 
the  junction  of  the  two  branches  of  1 


the  Anniviers  valley,  and  the  Col  du 
Grand  Cornier,  direct  to  the  Mountet 
Club  hut.  Travellers  bound  from 
Arolla  to  Zinal  may  cross  the  N. 
Col  de  Bertol,  and  then  one  of 
the  passes  (described  below)  from 
Ferpecle  ;  but  if  it  be  wished  to 
accomplish  the  distance  in  a  single 
day  an  active  traveller  might  cross 
the  Col  de  Zarmine,  and  then  the 
Col  de  Couronne  and  the  Col  de 
l'Allee,  though  it  is  far  better  to  take 
a  shorter  route  from  Hauderes  direct 
to  the  hamlet  of  La  Sage  (conspicu- 
ous by  reason  of  the  white  spire  cf 
its  church),  and  then  to  cross  some 
of  the  passes  N.  of  the  two  just  men- 
tioned. 

1.  By  the  Pas  de  Lo?ia. — This  pass 
(2,767  m.,  9,078  ft.)  is  traversed  by 
a  mule  path,  and  takes  about  6-|  hrs. 
from  Evolena  to  Vissoye.  The  way 
from  Evolena  lies  over  the  Volovron 
alp,  and  the  descent  is  made  to  Gri- 
mentz,  an  hour  above  Vissoye.  From 
the  pass  the  highest  point  of  the  Bees 
de  Bosson  (3,154  m.,  10,348  ft.)  can 
be  reached  in  1  hr.  (hence  a  descent 
may  be  made  by  the  pastures  and 
wooded  gorge  of  Rechy  to  the  Granges 
rly.  stat.,  in  the  Rhone  valley  below 
Sierre. ) 

2.  At  least  three  passes  lead  over 
from  Evolena  to  the  Torrent  glen, 
below  the  Moiry  gl.  Of  these  the 
two  most  to  the  S.  —  Col  du  Zate 
(2,875  m->  9> 433  ft-)  and  Col  de 
Breonna  (2,918  m.,  9,574  ft.) — are 
rarely  taken  unless  it  is  wished  to 
visit  the  lower  part  of  the  Moiry  gl. 
en  route.  The  most  northerly  is  the 
Col  de  Torrent  (2,924  m.,  9,593  ft.), 
which,  combined  with  the  Col  de 
Sorebois,  2,825  m->  9>269  ft.  (the 
N.  foot  of  the  ridge  extending  N.  of 
which  may  be  rounded  at  Grimentz, 
whence  there  is  a  good  path  through 
the  forest  to  Zinal,  one  ridge  only 
being  thus  crossed),  is  the  usual  route 
from  Evolena  to  Zinal,  as  both  are 
traversed  by  a  good  track  (8-9  hrs. ), 
though  mules  generally  avoid  the 
second  pass  and  go  by  Grimentz. 

4  Leaving  Evolena  follow  the  road 


486 


PENNINE  ALPS.    §  19.  ZINAL  DISTRICT 


towards  -Hauderes  for  10  min. ,  and 
then  mount  a  path  eastwards  up  the 
mountain  slopes  past  the  hamlet  of 
Villa  and  over  the  Cotter  alp,  in  the 
direction  of  a  gap  dividing  the  Val 
d'Herens  from  the  Val  de  Moiry  or 
de  Torrent.  In  3  hrs.  the  top  of  the 
slopes  is  gained,  and  hr.  more  suf- 
fices for  the  last  ascent,  a  stiff  rise 
over  flat  rocks  intermingled  with 
snow  patches  and  shale  banks,  to  the 
Col  de  Torrent.  A  rude  cross  in  the 
gap  marks  the  Col.  To  the  N.  is 
the  Sasseneire  (3,259  m. ,  10,693  ft.), 
accessible  in  1  hr.  from  the  pass. 
Leontodon  Taraxaci  is  found  in 
abundance  near  the  summit  of  the 
pass.  Looking  back  westwards  from 
the  Col  the  view  includes  the  range 
from  the  Mont  Collon  to  the  Pigne 
d'Arolla,  with  the  Grand  Combin 
and  the  Mont  Velan  in  the  distance. 
The  view  eastwards  is  not  so  fine, 
but  below  the  Col  the  little  snow-fed 
Lac  de  Zozanne  forms  a  pleasing  ob- 
ject in  the  wild  scenery  around,  the 
snow  on  this  side  being  more  abund- 
ant than  on  the  Evolena  side.  The 
descent  to  the  lake  is  made  in  15  min. 
Descending  the  slopes  beyond  the 
route  lies  among  groups  of  fantasti- 
cally-shaped rocks.  The  descent  lies 
over  the  Torrent  alp,  near  a  mountain 
stream,  on  the  N.  bank  of  which  a 
steep,  zigzag  path  leads  in  \\  hr. 
from  the  lake  to  the  Zatelet  Praz 
chalets,  in  the  Val  de  Torrent.  The 
glacier  at  the  head  of  this  glen  is  not 
seen,  and  the  scenery  reminds  the 
traveller  of  a  Highland  strath ' 
(F.  W.  J.,  revised).  These  chalets 
are  \\  hr.  above  Grimentz,  but  the 
traveller  bound  from  Zinal  must 
cross  the  Torrent  or  main  branch  of 
the  Navigenze,  and  then  mount  gently 
in  a  N.E.  direction  towards  the  Col 
de  Sorebois.  6  The  last  ascent  is 
steep,  amongst  rocks  and  snow 
patches,  but  the  mule  path  takes  an 
easier  route  to  the  N.  The  pass  may 
be  gained  in  2  hrs.  from  the  valley. 
The  Come  de  Sorebois  (2,923  m. , 
9,590  ft.  ),  on  the  N.,  can  be  gained 
in  a  few  minutes,  and  the  Garde  de 


Bordon  (3,316  m.,  10,880  ft.)  by  a 
longer  climb.  The  view  westwards 
from  the  Col  is  confined,  by  reason  of 
the  greater  elevation  of  the  first  chain 
crossed,  but  eastwards  towards  the 
Weisshom  and  the  range  on  the 
further  side  of  the  Val  d'Anniviers  it 
is  more  interesting'  (F.  W.  J.,  re- 
vised). From  the  Col  the  path  leads 
down  in  a  S.E.  direction  over  the 
Singline  alp  till  the  Navigenze  is 
crossed  a  short  distance  above  Zinal, 
which  is  reached  in  \\  hr.  from  the 
pass.  Pedestrians  may  take  a  short 
cut  through  the  woods  some  way  N. 
of  the  Singline  huts. 

3.  The  extensive  Moiry  gl.  may 
be  reached  direct  from  Evolena  by  at 
least  one  pass,  the  Col  de  Couronne 
(3,016  m.,  9,895  ft.),  just  S.  of  the 
Couronne  de  Breonna  (3,164  m. , 
10,381  ft.,  accessible  in  20  min.); 
in  this  way  a  point  far  below  the 
shrunken  lower  portion  of  the  glacier 
is  attained,  and  then  either  the  very 
stony  Col  de  Bordon  (3,095  m., 
10,155  ft-)  or  tne  C°l  de  t'Allee 
crossed  to  Zinal  (9  hrs.  or  so). 
It  is  more  convenient,  however,  to 
make  Ferpecle  the  starting  point. 
Hence  two  passes  give  access  to  the 
upper  portion  of  the  great  Moiry  gl. 
The  more  northerly  is  the  Col  de 
Moiry  (between  the  Dent  des  Rosses 
and  the  Pointes  de  Mourti),  a  pass 
suggested  in  the  first  edition  of  this 
book,  and  first  effected  in  1864  by 
Messrs.  Hornby  and  Philpott,  with 
Christian  Lauener  and  Joseph  Vien- 
nin.  Steep  rocks  led  up  to  the  pass, 
and  a  very  steep  cliff  of  crumbling 
rocks  down  to  the  gl. ,  which  was 
crossed  (the  ascent  is  next  to  nothing) 
in  a  N.E.  direction  to  the  Col  de 
l'Allee,  whence  steep  rock,  shale,  and 
snow  led  down  to  the  Allee  alp,  by 
which  Zinal  was  gained  in  rather  over 
12  hrs.  (including  halts)  from  Evolena, 
i.e.  9!  hrs.  from  Ferpecle.  The 
more  southerly  pass  is  the  Col  de  la 
Pointe  de  Bricolla,  just  S.  of  the 
Point e  de  Bricolla,  3,663  m.,  1 2, 018 
ft.  (accessible  in  10  min.)  The  rocks 
on  the  Ferpecle  side  are  easier  than 


ROUTE  K.    EVOLENA  TO  THE  VAL  D'ANNIVIERS  487 


those  of  the  Col  de  Moiry,  while  the 
Moiry  gl.  is  reached  at  once.  The 
ascent  of  the  Grand  Cornier  (3,969 
m.,  13,022  ft. )  from  the  head  of  the 
Moiry  gl.  is  not  easy  (3  hrs.  from  its 
N.W.  foot  by  the  N.W.  ridge  direct, 
this  route  being  harder  and  shorter,  but 
safer,  than  that  up  the  W.  face,  which 
is  dangerous  from  falling  stones);  but  it 
is  well  worth  while  to  visit  the  point  in 
its  N.  arete,  called  Bouquetin  (3,484 
m. ,  1 1,431  ft. ),  which  is  perfectly  easy 
of  access  from  the  gl. ,  and  commands  a 
splendid  view  of  the  great  cirque  at 
at  the  head  of  the  Zinal  or  Durand 
gl.  Both  summits  may  be  also  as- 
cended from  Zinal  (see  last  Rte. ) 

4.  By  the  Col  du  Grand  Cornier. 
— As  observed  above  the  traverse  of 
this  pass  involves  the  passage  of  but 
a  single  ridge,  while  it  leads  direct  to 
the  Mountet  Club  hut,  and  so  enables 
a  mountaineer  to  reach  Zermatt  the 
same  day  by  the  Triftjoch,  or  to  avoid 
losing  half  a  day  through  the  necessity 
otherwise  of  descending  to  Zinal,  and 
reascending  to  the  Club  hut.  By  an 
unfortunate  slip  it  is  called  Col  de  la 
Dent  Blanche  on  the  Siegfried  map, 
a  name  which  is  perfectly  suited  to  it, 
but  has,  in  Alpine  literature,  been 
applied  to  two  other,  quite  different, 
passes.  This  pass  was  first  crossed  in 
1864  by  the  same  party  which  tra- 
versed the  Col  de  Moiry.  The  Col 
d'Herens  route  is  followed  from  Fer- 
pecle  to  the  Bricolla  alp,  where  it  is 
necessary  to  bear  S.E.,  then  E.  by 
moraine  and  an  easy  gl.  to  the  pass, 
3,544  m.,  11,628  ft.  (4  hrs.)  Rocks 
on  the  1.  of  a  great  couloir  lead  down 
a  rock  wall  and  across  a  bergschrund 
to  the  gl.  on  the  other  side,  the  seracs 
of  which  are  generally  best  forced  on 
its  S.  or  r.  bank.  Mountet  is  gained 
in  \\-2  hrs.  from  the  pass.  The 
Grand  Cornier  (3,969  m. ,  13,022  ft.) 
is  best  climbed  either  by  gaining  the 
S.  arete  high  up  (see  Rte  H.),  and 
then  keeping  to  its  W.  slope  (to  follow 
the  ridge  from  the  Col  itself  is  long 
and  very  difficult),  or  from  the  E. 
side  of  the  Col  by  its  E.  arete  (2 J  hrs. 
from  the  gl. ) 


Route  L. 

VAL  D'ANNIVIERS  TO  G RUBEN. 

The  ridge  between  the  Val  d'Anni- 
viers  and  the  Turtmann  valley  on  the  E. 
(described  in  next  Rte. }  is  a  single  one, 
unlike  that  mentioned  in  Rte.  K.  and 
is  crossed  by  several  passes.  The 
first  two  passes  described  below  are 
best  taken  from  St.  Luc,  or  the 
Hotel  Weisshorn ;  the  Pas  de  For- 
cletta  can  be  gained  either  from  that 
place  or  from  Zinal,  while  the  last  pair 
are  most  conveniently  reached  from 
Zinal  as  a  starting  point.  The  Col 
de  Tracuit  alone  offers  any  real  diffi- 
culties. 

1.  By  the  Pas  du  Boeuf  (4J-5  hrs. ) 
— This  pass  lies  just  S.  of  the  Bella 
Tola  (accessible  thence  in  \  hr. ),  and 
offers  the  most  direct  route  to  Turt- 
mann. Pastures  and  slopes  of  stones 
lead  up  to  the  Col  on  the  St.  Luc 
side  (2§  hrs.),  while  there  is  a  snow 
slope  on  the  other  side,  by  which  the 
Sorter  glen  and  then  the  Pletschen 
chalets  are  attained.  At  these  huts 
the  traveller  bound  for  the  Turtmann 
village  bears  to  the  N. ,  but  in  order 
to  attain  the  inn  at  Gruben  a  S.E. 
direction  musl  be  kept  past  some 
other  huts,  whence  a  path  leads  down 
into  the  Turtmann  glen,  some  way 

1   below  Gruben.. 

2.  By  the  Z'Meiden  Pass  (4^-5 
•  hrs.  from  St.  Luc,  3J  hrs.  from  the 
I  Hotel  Weisshorn). — This  pass  is  tra- 
!  versed  by  a  mule  path,  and  so  is  the 
I   usual  route  between  the  two  valleys. 

Ascending  nearly  due  E.  from  St. 
Luc,  the  traveller  gains  a  point 
whence  he  may  take  a  last  view  of 
the  beautiful  Val  d'Anniviers,  and 
then  mounts  by  a  gentle  slope  towards 
the  Pointe  Tonnot  (3,022  m.,  9,915 
ft.),  on  the  L  of  which  lies  the  pass. 
In  approaching  the  Col  an  extra- 
ordinary scene  of  desolation  is  passed 
on  the  r.  Some  huge  mountain  mass 
seems  to  have  fallen,  and  to  have 
covered  the  slopes  with  its  ruins,  and 


488 


PENNINE  ALPS.    §  19.  ZINAL  DISTRICT 


similar  masses,  not  on  quite  so  vast  a 
scale,  have  covered  the  basin  on  the 
E.  side  of  the  pass.  The  botanist 
may  gather  Woodsia  hyperborea  and 
some  other  rare  plants  on  the  rocks 
near  the  top  of  the  Col  (2,772  m., 
9,095  ft.)  (A  point  N.  of  the  pass, 
reached  in  \  hr.,  commands  a  fine 
panoramic  view. )  A  wild  basin  strewn 
with  rocks  is  now  traversed  until,  on 
approaching  the  verge  of  the  steep 
descent  into  the  Turtmann  valley,  at 
the  Meiden  huts,  a  very  grand  view 
of  the  head  of  that  valley  opens  before 
the  traveller.  The  great  Turtmann 
gl.  is  seen,  backed  by  the  Barrhorn 
(3,621  m. ,  1 1,880  ft. )  and  the  Brunn- 
egghom  (3,846  m.,  12,619  ft. )  A 
forest  is  traversed  on  the  way  down  to 
Gruben. 

3.  By  the  Pas  de  Forcletta  (6hrs.) 
— This  is  an  easy  pass  (mule  path 
from  Ayer,  St.  Luc,  and  Hotel  Weiss- 
horn),  but  rather  longer  than  the  two 
just  described.  If  coming  from  St. 
Luc  a  S.E.  direction  should  be  kept 
through  the  Tounot  glen  ;  if  coming 
from  Zinal  (a  mule  path  throughout) 
the  cross  path  by  the  Lirec  huts  to 
the  Hotel  Weisshorn  is  followed  till 
the  path  mounting  due  E.  from  Ayer 
to  the  pass  is  struck.  A  bare  valley 
leads  down  on  the  other  side  to  the 
Turtmann  glen  some  way  above 
Gruben.  The  Pointe  Tounot  (3,022 
m.,  9,915  ft.)  may  be  climbed  by  its 
S.  face  on  the  way  from  St.  Luc  to 
the  pass,  which  is  2,886  m.  (9,469  ft. ), 
and  2  hrs.  from  the  Hotel  Weisshorn. 

4.  By  the  Frilijoch  (6  hrs.) — This 
is  a  rougher  and  higher  pass  than  the 
Forcletta.  It  lies  close  to  a  hanging 
glacier  of  the  Diablons,  and  just  S. 
of  the  Frilihorn,  3,101  m.,  10,174 
ft.  (accessible  in  \  hr.  from  the  pass, 
but  is  better  reached  direct  from 
the  N.  fork  of  the  Barneuza  glen)  ; 
the  descent  leads  to  the  I.  bank  of 
the  great  Turtmann  gl. ,  on  which  an 
excursion  can  be  made  before  de- 
scending by  the  1.  side  of  the  valley 
to  Gruben.  The  Weisshorn  is  re- 
markably fine  from  both  peak  and 
pass.    It  seems  probable  that  this  is 


the  pass  described  by  Mr.  Moore  in 
vol.  i.  of  the  '  Alpine  Journal '  under 
the  name  of  *  Pas  de  la  Forcletta. ' 
By  turning  to  the  S.  after  leaving 
the  Frilijoch,  Zinal  may  be  regained 
by  the  Col  de  Tracuit  (8  hrs.  from 
Zinal  and  back). 

5.  By  the  Col  de  Tracuit  (7-8 
hrs. ) — Mountaineers  going  from  Zinal 
to  Gruben  should  certainly  take  this 
pass  in  preference  to  the  others  here 
described,  for  it  passes  through  fine 
scenery,  and,  besides,  the  Diablons 
(3,605  m.,  11,828  ft.)  can  thence  be 
ascended  by  its  S.E.  arete  in  1 J  hr. 
A  path  leads  past  the  Tracuit  alp  to 
the  upper  pastures  (one  of  the  regular 
excursions  from  Zinal),  whence  a 
stony  glen  and  a  steep  slope  of  debris 
and  snow  give  access  to  the  pass, 
also  called  the  Col  des  Diablons, 
3,252  m.,  10,670  ft.  (3§-4  hrs.) 
More  snow  slopes  lead  down  to  the 
head  of  the  upper  icefall  of  the  W. 
branch  of  the  extensive  Turtmann  gl. , 
which  is  turned  by  the  debris  on  its 
1.  bank.  The  lower  icefall  is  turned 
by  rocks  on  the  same  side,  but  the 
rock  wall  here  is  composed  of 
rotten  rocks,  wrhich  are,  too,  very 
steep,  and  exposed  to  falling  ice  and 
stones.  This  is  the  only  real  difficulty 
of  the  expedition.  The  foot  of  the 
main  Turtmann  gl.  is  soon  reached, 
and  Gruben  by  the  path  along  the  1. 
bank  of  the  torrent.  By  crossing 
the  plateau  between  the  two  icefalls, 
and  then  climbing  over  the  rocky 
ridge  between  the  two  branches  of 
the  Turtmann  gl.,  the  E.  or  main 
branch  of  that  gl.  may  be  gained,  and 
in  that  way  either  the  Brunneggjoch 
or  the  Biesjoch,  both  described  in  the 
next  Rte. ,  attained.  The  same  route 
gives  access  by  a  steep  slope  of  snow 
or  ice  to  the  Bieshorn  (4,161  m., 
13,652  ft.),  W.  of  the  latter  pass  and 
commanding  a  magnificent  view. 


ROUTE  M.    GRUBEN  TO  ST.   NI KLAUS  AND  RANDA  489 


Route  M. 

GRUBEN  TO  ST.  NIKLAUS  AND 
RANDA. 

The  Turtmann  glen,  which  opens 
into  the  valley  of  the  Rhone  at  the 
little  town  of  that  name,  well  deserves 
a  visit  from  any  traveller  exploring 
this  neighbourhood.  Occupied  by 
forest,  rock,  and  mountain  pastures, 
it  contains  no  permanent  habitations. 
The  numerous  hamlets  which  are  laid 
down  on  the  maps,  and  may  be  seen 
from  the  mountains  enclosing  the 
glen,  all  consist  of  may  ens  (or  spring 
dwellings),  which  are  closed  in  winter, 
when  the  people  descend  to  their 
homes  in  the  Rh6ne  valley,  and  also 
in  summer,  when  the  herdsmen  move 
up  to  the  higher  pastures.  A  little 
inn  is,  however,  now  open  during  the 
summer  opposite  the  may  en  hamlet 
called  Gruben,  or  Meiden,  and  travel- 
lers will  no  longer  be  forced  to  pass  the 
night  there  without  food  or  shelter, 
as  happened  to  the  writer  (J:  B.) 
in  August,  1845.  As  the  temporary 
dwellers  of  this  glen  come  up  from 
the  German-speaking  town  of  Turt- 
mann, it  ranks  as  the  most  westerly 
on  the  S.  side  of  the  Rhone  valley  in 
which  German  has  superseded  French 
as  the  tongue  of  the  inhabitants.  It 
is  3^-4  hrs.  from  Turtmann  to 
Gruben  by  the  mule  track,  which 
keeps  mainly  to  the  1.  bank  of  the 
torrent.  It  ascends  steeply  above 
the  gorge  in  which  is  a  striking 
waterfall  (sometimes  visited  at  the 
cost  of  a  few  minutes'  walk  from 
Turtmann),  and  then  passes  through 
a  magnificent  pine  forest,  in  which  of 
late  years  the  axe  has  made  extensive 
clearings.  The  little  inn  at  Gruben 
stands  at  a  height  of  about  1,800  m. 
(4,906  ft.),  in  a  green  meadow,  above 
the  /.  (formerly  the  r. )  bank  of  the 
stream.  Linnaa  borealis  has  been 
found  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
Gruben. 

The  chief  excursions  to  be  made 


hence  are  that  to  the  extensive  Turt- 
mann gl. ,  at  the  head  of  the  valley 
(\\  hr.),  and  up  the  Schwarzhorn 
(3,204m.,  10,512  ft.),  on  theE.,  both 
of  which  are  described  below,  as  they 
form  part  of  the  routes  to  the  Zermatt 
valley.  For  the  passes  from  Gruben 
to  the  Anniviers  valley  see  Rte.  L. 

There  are  at  least  five  main  passes 
across  the  ridge  separating  the  Turt- 
mann glen  from  the  Zermatt  valley 
on  the  E. ,  while  many  pleasant  varia- 
tions may  be  made  by  those  so 
inclined.  None  of  the  passes  here 
described  offer  any  great  difficulties, 
save  the  Randa  side  of  the  Biesjoch. 

1.  By  the  Augstbord  Pass  (6-6 J 
hrs.) — This  is  the  most  direct  and 
favourite  route,  as  there  is  a  mule 
path  (frequently,  however,  closed  by 
snow)  all  the  way,  and  the  Schwarz- 
horn can  be  climbed  en  route.  The 
path  winds  up  a  steep  and  nearly 
uniform  slope,  due  E.  of  the  inn,  and 
passes  the  chalets  on  the  Gruben  alp. 
In  about  3  hrs.'  easy  walking  the 
traveller  may  gain  the  summit  of  the 
pass (2,893  m">  9A92  ft-) 

[No  one  in  fine  weather  should  omit 
to  climb,  in  an  easy  hour,  the  peak  of 
the  Schwarzhorn  (3,204  m. ,  10,512 
ft. ),  just  on  the  N. ,  as  the  view  thence 
is  one  of  surpassing  magnificence, 
and  worthy  of  being  better  known  to 
travellers.  The  panorama  has  been 
published  with  vol.  vii.  of  the 
'  Jahrbuch'  of  the  Swiss  Alpine  Club. 
(N.E.  of  this  peak  is  the  lower  Drei- 
zehnenhorn  (3,056  m.,  10,027  ft.), 
with  which  it  is  often  confounded, 
while  to  the  N.W.  of  this  summit 
there  is  an  easy  pass  from  Gruben 
over  into  the  Ginanz  or  Muhlebach 
glen,  which  joins  the  Rh6ne  valley 
nearly  opposite  Raron,  between  Turt- 
mann and  Visp.  )J 

Slopes  of  stones  lead  down  into 
the  Augstbord  glen.  Here  a  travel- 
ler bound  for  the  lower  part  of 
the  Zermatt  valley  should  bear  N.E. 
to  Emd,  above  the  Kalpetran  rail- 
way station.  If  St.  Niklaus  be  his 
destination  it  is  necessary  to  bear 
sharply    round    the  mountain-side 


490 


PENNINE  ALPS.    §  i 


9.  ZINAL  DISTRICT 


in  a  S.  direction,  so  as  to  gain  the 
Jungen  chalets,  on  the  route  of  the 
pass  next  to  be  described. 

2.  By  the  Jung  Pass  (6-7  hrs. ) — 
This  is  a  rougher  and  more  rarely 
traversed  pass  than  the  Augstbord. 
The  ascent  to  it  from  Gruben  is  by  a 
steep  pathless  slope  over  the  Hunger H 
alp.  The  actual  pass  (crossed  by  the 
writer  in  August,  1845)  is  one  of  the 
notches  (2,994  m.,  9,823  ft.)  in  a 
jagged  ridge,  which  on  the  E.  over- 
looks a  wilderness  of  huge  blocks, 
mingled  with  snow,  the  resort  of 
ptarmigan  and  chamois.  By  climb- 
ing a  point  to  the  r.  of  the  Col  a  wide 
view  is  gained  over  the  ranges  to  the 
W.,  extending  to  Mont  Blanc.  The 
descent  is  very  rough  until  the  travel- 
ler enters  the  upland  glen  called 
Jungthal,  which  leads  to  the  chalets 
and  white  chapel  of  Jungen,  on  the 
edge  of  the  cliffs  immediately  over- 
hanging St.  Niklaus.  Hence  a  splen- 
did view  is  gained  of  the  Mischabel- 
horner,  opposite,  and  the  Weisshorn 
towers  overhead,  while  in  the  distance 
are  seen  the  Bernese  Oberland  peaks, 
as  well  as  the  range  of  the  Lyskamm 
and  the  Breithorn.  Bearing  to  the  r. 
a  long  and  very  steep  descent,  in  part 
along  ledges  of  rock,  leads  down  to 
St.  Niklaus. 

3.  By  the  Brandjijoch  (8  hrs.) — 
This  is  an  easy  glacier  pass  (also 
called  Gcissijoch),  which  enables  a  tra- 
veller to  see  something  of  the  little - 
known  and  tangled  chain  N.  of  the 
Brunnegghorn.  The  way  up  from 
Gruben  lies  over  the  Hungerli  and 
Brandji  alps,  whence  stones  and 
rocks  lead  to  the  little  Brandji  gl.  At 
the  N.E.  corner  of  this  gl.  is  the  Jung- 
thaljoch,  giving  access  to  the  Jung 
glen  ;  at  the  S.  E.  corner  the  Brandji- 
joch, just  N.  of  the  lower  (3,404  m., 
1 1, 168  ft.)  of  the  two  peaks  of  the 
Stellihomer  (hence  accessible  in  40 
min.  by  the  E.  face  and  rotten  N.E. 
ridge).  The  higher  (3,415  m. ,  11,205 
ft.)  peak  can  be  attained  in  hr.  or 
so  by  way  of  the  N.  branch  of  the 
Stelli  gl. ,  on  the  E.  side  of  the  pass. 
The  S.  arm  of  that  gl.  is  easily  gained 


on  the  descent  from  the  pass,  and 
hence  the  loftiest  summit  of  this 
group,  the  Barrhorn  (3,621  m., 
11,880  ft.),  may  be  climbed  by  its 
N.W.  face  and  ridge.  The  descent 
lies  past  the  Walkersmatt  hut,  and  is 
thence  very  steep  to  St.  Niklaus. 

4.  By  the  Brunneggjoch  (9-iohrs. ) 
— This  is  a  circuitous  and  not  very 
interesting  glacier  pass  (3,383  m. , 
11,100  ft.),  lying  just  N.W.  of  the 
Brunnegghorn,  and  connecting  the 
head  of  the  great  Turtmann  gl.  with 
the  Abbe?g  gl.  The  route  on  the 
Gruben  side  is,  save  the  last  bit, 
identical  with  that  to  the  Biesjoch 
(see  5.  below),  but  the  Col  can 
be  reached  in  3  hrs.  from  the  Col 
de  Tracuit  (Rte.  L.  5),  so  that  it  may 
also  be  used  as  a  pass  from  Zinal  to 
St.  Niklaus.  The  icefalls  of  the 
Abberg  gl.  are  turned  by  their  1. 
bank,  and  finally  Herbrigen,  half- 
way between  St.  Niklaus  and  Randa, 
is  attained  in  about  4  or  5  hrs.  The 
Brunnegghorn  (3,846  m.,  12,619  ft.) 
can  be  ascended  in  hr.  from  the 
pass  by  an  easy  snow  ridge. 

5.  By  the  Biesjoch  (9-10  hrs.) — 
This  is  by  far  the  finest  pass  between 
the  two  valleys,  but  the  difficulties  on 
the  Randa  side  may  be  very  serious, 
and  it  is  best  to  take  the  pass  from  that 
side.  It  was  first  crossed  in  1862  by 
MM.  de  St.  Joseph  and  de  Burges, 
with  Franz  Andermatten  and  Francois 
Devouassoud.  The  second  passage 
was  made  in  1864  by  Messrs.  Moore, 
Morshead,  and  Gaskell,  with  Chris- 
tian Aimer  and  Peter  Perren.  6  hrs. 
may  be  reckoned  for  the  ascent  from 
Randa,  and  3 J  hrs.  down  to  Gruben. 
The  following  notes  are  from  the  pen 
of  Mr.  Moore  : — '  Leaving  Randa  at 
3.5  a.m.,  we  crossed  the  Visp and  as- 
cended for  2  hrs.  by  a  steep  and 
rough  sheep  track  up  the  gorge  of  the 
Biesbach,  and  the  rocks  on  its  1.  bank, 
until  we  reached  the  scanty  pastures 
above  the  lower  line  of  cliffs.  Mount- 
ing by  the  slopes  of  rock  and  shale 
above  for  I  hr.  22  min. ,  we  then  took 
to  the  Bies  gl.  considerably  above  its 
termination.     The  cirque   of  neve 


gmaris  &  Co. 


ROUTE  M.    GRUBEN  TO  ST.  NIKLAUS  AND  RANDA  491 


which  feeds  this  gl.  is  quite  invisible 
from  the  valley.  It  is,  however,  of 
great  extent,  and  is  supported  on  the 
E.  by  a  line  of  tremendous  cliffs,  the 
Freiw tinge,  through  a  comparatively 
narrow  opening  in  which  the  glacier 
proper  finds  its  way  towards  the 
valley.  The  natural  result  of  this 
arrangement,  combined  with  the  great 
steepness  of  the  ground,  is  that  from 
top  to  bottom  the  glacier  is  a  con- 
tinued icefall,  of  a  more  than  usually 
broken  character.' 

Under  favourable  conditions,  espe- 
cially in  a  snowy  year,  this  icefall 
can  be  forced.  But  it  is  generally 
better  to  climb  the  rock  wall  of  the 
Freiwange,  which  can  be  done  in 
40  min. ,  if  the  right  way  be  hit  off, 
the  rocks  being  very  steep  but  good. 

[From  the  field  of  neve  above  them 
the  Weisshorn  (4,512  m.,  14,804  ft.) 
was  ascended  twice  in  187 1  by  way 
of  its  steep  N.E.  snow  and  ice  face 
and  the  N.  arete.  9  hrs.  at  least  are 
required  from  a  bivouac  on  the  hillock 
called  Kastel,  3  hrs.  above  Randa.  J 

'  Crossing  the  field  of  neve,  we 
reached  the  Col  without  further  diffi- 
culty in  25  min.,  or  6|  hrs.  from 
Randa.  The  Col  (3,549  m.,  11,644 
ft.),  on  which  there  is  often  a  little 
frozen  lake,  lies  between  the  Brun- 
egghorn  and  the  Bieshorn  (4,161  m., 
13,652  ft.),  and  looks  N.  and  S.'  It 
is  better  to  commence  the  descent 
from  a  point  rather  E.  of  the  pass,  to 
avoid  an  ice  slope,  the  descent  of 
which  took  Mr.  Moore's  party  \\  hr. 
'  We  then  traversed  the  whole  length 
of  the  upper  part  of  the  great  Turt- 
mann  gl.  without  encountering  the 
slightest  difficulty,  the  inclination 
throughout  being  very  gentle,  while 
scarcely  a  crevasse  is  seen.  In  a 
little  more  than  an  hour  we  left  the 
glacier  for  the  rocks  on  the  r.  bank, 
in  order  to  avoid  a  slight  icefall ;  but, 
after  a  steepish  descent  down  a  narrow 
gully  in  the  rocks,  took  to  it  again 
for  30  min.,  and  traversed  it  for  30 
min.  more,  when  we  finally  quitted 
it  on  its  r.  bank,  slightly  above  its 
termination,  and   took   to  a  slight 


sheep  track  which  led  us  to  the  head 
of  the  Turtmann  valley.  Crossing  to 
the  1.  bank  of  the  torrent,  to  avoid  a 
sudden  fall  in  the  ground  on  the  other 
side,  we  returned  to  the  r.  bank  at 
Plumatt,  and  reached  Gruben  in 
I  \  hr.  from  the  time  of  leaving  the  gl. , 
4|  hrs.  from  the  Col,  or  \\\  hrs.  (in- 
cluding halts)  from  Randa'  (A.  W.  M., 
revised).  It  is  better  to  quit  the  gl. 
on  its  1.  bank,  and  to  follow  that  bank 
of  the  stream  to  the  inn  opposite 
Gruben.  The  Brimnegghorn  (3,846 
m.,  12,619  ft.)  may  be  reached  in  a 
short  hour  from  the  Biesjoch,  by  a 
broad  snow  arete  with  a  corniche. 
It  commands  a  superb  view,  especially 
of  the  Weisshorn  and  the  Mischabel- 
horner,  and  no  one  crossing  the  pass 
in  fine  weather  should  omit  to  make 
this  short  detour. 


SECTION  20. 

MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT. 

In  describing  the  range  of  Mont 
Blanc  (§  16)  it  was  seen  that  that 
mountain,  with  its  attendant  peaks, 
is  naturally  limited  by  two  deep 
trenches,  parallel  to  the  direction  of 
the  range,  and  by  well-defined  passes 
which  mark  an  orographic  separation 
between  it  and  the  adjoining  moun- 
tain groups.  No  such  arrangement 
is  found  in  the  great  mass  which  is 
included  in  the  present  Section. 

The  central  range  of  Monte  Rosa, 
which  appears  to  originate  in  the  in- 
tersection of  two  axes  of  elevation, 
throws  out  a  number  of  ridges  that 
radiate  afar,  and  gradually  subside 
into  the  plain  of  N.  Italy,  covering 
an  area  much  larger  than  that  of  most 
of  the  other  districts  described  in  this 
work.  No  convenient  mode  of  sub- 
dividing it  has,  however,  been  sug- 
gested, and  we  propose  to  include, 
along  with  the  central  mass,  the 
range  of  the  Saasgrat  to  the  N. ,  and 
the  minor  ranges  to  the  S.  and  E. 


492        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


that  enclose  the  so-called  Italian  val- 
leys of  Monte  Rosa.  The  natural 
limits  of  the  district  are,  therefore, 
defined,  on  the  N.  side,  by  the  two 
branches  of  the  Visp  torrent.  Fol- 
lowing the  W.  branch  through  the 
Zermatt  valley,  crossing  the  St.  Theo- 
dule,  descending  by  the  Val  Tour- 
nanche  to  Chatillon,  and  following 
the  Dora  Baltea  to  Ivrea,  the  line 
passes  round  the  base  of  the  foot  hills 
to  Arona :  it  then  passes  along  the 
W.  shore  of  the  Lago  Maggiore,  and 
up  the  Tosa  valley  to  Piedimulera, 
whence  it  ascends  the  Val  Anzasca 
to  Macugnaga,  and  crossing  the 
Monte  Moro  to  Saas  completes  the 
long  circuit  by  descending  the  Saas 
valley  to  Stalden.  Within  the  line 
so  traced,  exceeding  300  m.  in  length, 
all  the  ranges  properly  belonging  to 
this  group  are  included,  with  the 
addition  of  the  Matterhorn,  the  famous 
peak  which  takes  its  name  from  the 
village  of  Zermatt,  at  its  foot,  now 
the  chief  centre  of  the  entire  district, 
largely  owing  to  the  fame  and  magni- 
ficence of  its  great  peak. 

It  cannot  fail  to  strike  the  reader 
who  examines  a  map  of  this  district 
that  the  direction  of  the  ranges  and 
of  the  depressions  offers  a  marked 
contrast  to  that  prevailing  throughout 
the  adjoining  regions  of  the  Alps. 
Save  in  a  small  part  of  the  Italian 
valleys,  the  direction  here  is  either 
parallel  or  perpendicular  to  the 
meridian.  The  mass  of  Monte  Rosa 
itself  (although  its  actual  highest  point 
is  not  at  the  intersection  of  the  two 
ranges  to  be  named,  but  rises  some- 
what to  the  N.,  where  the  N.  and 
S.  range  is  intersected  by  a  short 
transverse  rib,  parallel  to  the  main 
E.  and  W.  range)  is  best  considered 
as  the  intersection  of  a  great  N.  and 
S.  ridge  (extending  from  the  Balfrin 
through  the  Saasgrat,  most  of  the 
highest  peaks  of  Monte  Rosa,  the 
Vincent  Pyramide,  and  the  range  on 
the  E.  of  the  Val  de  Lys  nearly  to 
Ivrea)  with  the  transverse  range  lying 
between  the  Dent  d'Herens  and  the 
Pizzo  Bianco,  near  Macugnaga.  It 


is  worthy  of  remark  that  all  the  minor 
ridges  on  the  N.  side  of  the  political 
frontier  are  parallel  to  the  latter 
range ;  it  is  sufficient  to  point  out 
the  corresponding  depressions  occu- 
pied by  the  glaciers  of  Gorner,  Fin- 
delen,  Mellichen,  Kien,  &c. 

Although  the  peak  of  Mont  Blanc 
overtops  by  over  500  ft.  any  peak 
in  the  Monte  Rosa  range,  yet  the 
average  height  of  the  latter  range 
greatly  exceeds  that  of  its  western 
rival ;  for  the  three  highest  summits 
of  Monte  Rosa  surpass  15,000  ft., 
and  three  others  lie  between  14,000 
and  15,000  ft.,  while  within  the  same 
limits  are  the  four  highest  summits  of 
the  Saasgrat  and  the  Lyskamm,  in 
addition  to  the  neighbouring  summits 
of  the  Weisshorn,  the  Matterhorn,  and 
the  Dent  Blanche.  The  same  infer- 
ence may  be  drawn  from  a  comparison 
of  the  passes,  for,  with  one  or  two 
exceptions,  all  the  highest  passes  yet 
effected  in  the  Alps  cross  the  ridges 
of  the  Monte  Rosa  group. 

It  is  the  opinion  of  many  of  the 
most  competent  judges  that  for  gran- 
deur, beauty,  and  variety  the  valleys 
descending  from  Monte  Rosa  are 
entitled  to  pre-eminence  over  every 
other  portion  of  the  Alps,  and,  per- 
haps, if  we  regard  the  union  of  those 
three  elements,  over  every  other 
mountain  region  in  the  world.  Nature 
is  inexhaustible  in  the  combination 
of  her  attractions,  and  certainly  there 
are  many  other  scenes  in  the  Alps 
which  may  challenge  comparison  with 
whatever  is  most  grand  and  most 
beautiful ;  but  one  who  would  learn 
thoroughly  to  enjoy  Nature  in  those 
aspects  cannot  do  better  than  give 
ample  time  to  the  exploration  of  the 
district  included  in  this  Section.  After 
spending  some  weeks  amid  the  sterner 
scenery  of  Zermatt  and  Saas,  he  will 
find  fresh  loveliness  in  the  marvellous 
contrasts  that  abound  in  the  valleys 
on  the  Italian  side.  A  summer's  tour 
devoted  to  this  district,  wherein  days 
of  exertion,  spent  in  gaining  the 
I  higher  peaks,  are  made  to  alternate 
[  with  days  of  repose,  which  need  not 


§  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


493 


here  be  idleness,  will  certainly  not 
exhaust  the  beauties  of  the  country, 
and  will  probably  leave  deeper  im- 
pressions than  a  rapid  excursion  ex- 
tending over  a  considerable  part  of 
the  Alps. 

Good  accommodation  is  new  found 
everywhere  on  the  Swiss  side,  par- 
ticularly at  Zermatt,  on  the  Riffel, 
at  Saas  Grund,  and  at  Saas  Fee.  On 
the  Italian  side  the  same  is  true  of 
the  most  attractive  headquarters — - 
Breuil,  Gressoney,  Alagna,  and 
Macugnaga,  while  the  mountain  inns 
at  Fiery  and  on  the  Col  d'Olen  are 
supplemented  by  many  good  Club 
huts.  Among  the  Italian  foot  hills, 
too,  the  traveller  will  find  good  I 
quarters,  as  at  Fobello,  Varallo, 
Ponte  Grande,  and  in  the  environs  of  j 
Biella.  The  mountaineer  will,  of  ! 
course,  not  fail  to  provide  himself  with 
Sir  Martin  Conway's  indispensable 
'  Central  Pennine  Alps  '  and  '  East- 
ern Pennine  Alps '(issued  in  1890-1 
in  the  'Climbers'  Guides'  Series), 
while  Part  2  of  volume  ii.  (1896) 
of  Signori  Martelli,  Bobba,  and  Vac- 
carone's  capital  '  Guicla  delle  Alpi 
Occidentali '  is  useful  for  the  Italian 
side.  For  the  southern  valleys 
of  Monte  Rosa  Mr.  S.  W.  King's 
charming  '  Italian  Valleys  of  the 
Pennine  Alps'  (1858)  may  still  be 
consulted,  while  the  following  Italian 
local  guide  books  contain  much  inte- 
resting information :  Brusoni's  ■  Guida 
alle  Alpi  Centrali  Italiani,'  vol.  i. 
(Domodossola,  1892),  Ratti  and  Casa- 
nova's  '  Guida  Illustrata  della  Valle 
d'Aosta'  (3rd  edition,  Turin,  1893), 
Tonetti's  '  Guida  Illustrata  della  \ 
Valsesia  e  del  Monte  Rosa  '  (Varallo, 
1891),  and  Pertusi  and  Rattrs 
4  Guida  pel  villeggiante  nel  Biellese  ' 
(2nd  edition,  Turin,  1887).  The 
beautifully  illustrated  work  of  Signori 
V.  Sella  and  D.  Vallino,  entitled 
'Monte  Rosa  e  Gressoney'  (1890), 
cannot  be  too  highly  recommended. 

In  addition  to  the  attractions  of 
magnificent  scenery  some  of  the 
valleys  described  below  are  otherwise 
most  interesting.  The  Zermatt  valley 


was  known  to  botanists  and  geolo- 
gists long  before  it  was  discovered  by 
holiday  tourists,  while  it  has  an 
instructive  local  history  of  over  600 
years  (see  the  account  in  Mr. 
Coolidge's  '  Swiss  Travel  and  Swiss 
Guide  Books,'  1889),  particularly  from 
the  fact  that  the  original  Romance- 
speaking  inhabitants  gave  way  in  the 
fifteenth  century  to  a  German-speaking 
population  from  the  Upper  Vallais, 
though  some  of  the  old  place  names 
still  survive  under  a  Teutonic  veneer. 
On  the  other  hand,  about  1250,  the 
Saas  valley  was  colonised  by  Italian - 
speaking  men  from  the  Val  Anzasca, 
while  rather  later  some  of  the  Ger- 
man-speaking inhabitants  of  the 
lower  part  of  the  Saas  valley  settled 
at  Macugnaga,  the  effect  on  the  local 
names  being  an  interesting  parallel 
and  contrast  to  what  happened  in  the 
Zermatt  valley.  In  the  thirteenth 
century,  too,  a  German-speaking 
colony  is  found  at  the  head  of  the 
Val  de  Lys,  probably  brought  there 
in  the  twelfth  century  over  the 
St.  Theodule  by  the  lord  of  that  terri- 
tory, the  bishop  of  Sion,  while  it  was 
this  colony  which  probably  sent  out 
offshoots  to  Alagna  and  Rima, 
though  possibly  these  are  due  to  the 
energy  of  the  Counts  of  Biandrate, 
who  were  the  promoters  of  the  Saas 
and  Macugnaga  colonies.  The  his- 
torical importance  of  the  Theodule  and 
the  Monte  Moro  therefore  deserves 
to  be  studied  more  carefully  than  has 
hitherto  been  the  case,  while  the 
glacier  and  minor  passes  should  not 
be  overlooked,  especially  those  lead- 
ing over  from  the  Saas  to  the  Antrona 
valley.  The  historian,  the  philolo- 
gist, and  the  ethnologist  will  thus 
find  much  to  interest  them  in  the  v/ide 
area  now  to  be  described  in  detail. 


PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


Route  A. 

VISP  TO  ZERMATT.     EXCURSIONS  AND 
ASCENTS  FROM  ZERMATT. 

M. 

Stalden     .       .       •  4^ 
Kalpetran        .       .  64 
St.  Niklaus      .  .10 
Herbrigen        .       .  13^ 
Randa     .       .  .16 
Tasch       .       .       .  18J 
Zermatt    .       .  .22 
Narrow-gauge  rly.  in  about  2^  hrs.  4 
trains  a  day  each  way. 

For  many  years  Zermatt  was  only 
accessible  (save  by  glacier  passes)  by 
means  of  a  mule  path  to  St.  Niklaus, 
and  then  by  a  char  road  for  the  rest 
of  the  way.  But  the  opening  of  the 
railway  in  1 891  has  rendered  it  pos- 
sible to  gain  Zermatt  in  about  36  hrs. 
from  London  direct. 

The   line   on   leaving    the  Visp 
station  (660  m.,  2,165  ft.)  makes  a 
great  curve  and  passes  beneath  the 
town  in  order  to  mount  along  the  r. 
bank  of  the  Visp,  here  running  in  a 
broad,  stony  bed.    Some  way  beyond 
the  picturesque  old  Neitbriicke,  over 
which  passes  the  mule  path,  the  line 
crosses  the  stream  and  mounts  steeply 
to  the  station  of  Stalden  (803  m., 
2,635  ft.),  which  is  S.  of  the  village. 
(For  the  route  hence  to  Saas  see 
Rte.  N.  below,  and  for  the  Bistenen 
pass    over    to  the  Simplon,   §  21. 
Rte.    A.)     Stalden   stands   at  the 
junction  of  the  two  branches  of  the 
Visp,  flowing  from  the  Zermatt  and 
Saas  glens  respectively.    On  the  way 
up  from  Visp  to  Stalden  the  vines, 
which  produce  fair  wine,  and  the 
wild  flowers  announce  a  climate  con- 
trasting strongly  with  the  region  of 
ice  and  snow  in  which  both  branches 
of  the  valley  terminate.    Among  the 
wild  plants  are  several  scarce  species — 
Astragalus  exscapus,  Xeranthemuin 
inapertum,    Achillea    nobilis,  and 
A.  tomentosa,  &c.  The  mountains  rise 
steeply,  and  the  snowy  peak  of  the 
Balfrin  (3,802  m.,  12,474  ft.),  pro- 
perly Balenfirn,  standing  in  the  fork 
of  the  valley,  is  the  first  example  of 
that  beautiful  pyramidal  form  which 


prevails    among    the  surrounding 
■  peaks. 

After  a  short  ascent  the  line  passes 
nearly  at  a  level  at  a  great  height 
above  the  1.  bank  of  the  Visp, 
traversing  several  tunnels  and  the 
imposing  viaduct  of  Miihlebach, 
nearly  150  ft.  above  the  ravine.  It 
attains  the  level  of  the  valley  again 
beyond  Kalpetran  station,  and  imme- 
diately  after  crosses  to  the  r.  bank. 
1  Now  follows  the  most  picturesque 
portion  of  the  route  ;  the  line  keeps 
close  to  the  stream  and  traverses 
some  very  striking  gorges,  in  which 
the  Visp  makes  many  fine  waterfalls. 
The  stream  is  crossed  once  more, 
,  and  another  ascent  leads  to  the  green 
basin  in  which  is  the  chief  hamlet  of 
I  the  valley, 

St.  Niklaus  (the  station  is  1 , 1 30  m. , 
3,708  ft.)  (For  the  routes  to  Gruben 
see  §  19.  Rte.  M,  and  for  those  to  Saas 
Rte.  P.  below.) 

[An  excursion  may  be  made  hence 
1  in  2  hrs.  to  the  village  of  Grachen, 
on  the  E.  side  of  the  valley,  and 
to  the  Hannig  Alp,  above  it,  im- 
mediately overlooking  the  junction 
of  the  two  valleys  and  command- 
ing a  distant  view  of  the  Bernese 
Alps.  Grachen  was  the  birth- 
place of  the  sixteenth-century  Swiss 
Humanist  Thomas  Platter,  who  in  his 
autobiography  has  given  an  interest- 
ing sketch  of  his  early  life  in  his 
native  valley  ;  the  house  in  which  he 
was  born  is  still  shown.  J 

St.  Niklaus  and  the  neighbouring 
hamlets  suffered  severely  in  1855  from 
repeated  shocks  of  earthquake,  which 
were  felt  to  a  less  extent  in  the  ad- 
joining districts,  but  whose  force  was 
mainly  expended  throughout  the  few 
miles  between  this  place  and  Visp. 
!  Forty-nine  shocks  were  counted,  and 
slighter  disturbances  were  renewed 
in  the  course  of  the  three  or  four  fol- 
lowing years.  Scarcely  a  house  in 
the  village  escaped  serious  injury, 
and  many  were  destroyed. 

Above  St.  Niklaus  the  scenery  in- 
I  creases  in  grandeur.  The  rocky 
[  walls  on  either  side  become  higher 


ROUTE  A.    VISP  TO  ZERMATT 


495 


and  steeper,  and  the  valley  is  con- 
tracted to  a  trench,  2  miles  in  depth, 
between  the  opposite  peaks  of  the 
Mischabelhorner  and  the  Weisshorn. 
The  line  crosses  to  the  r.  bank  in 
order  to  gain  the  station  of  Her- 
brigen  (1,257  m.,  4,124  ft.),  and  a 
further  ascent  leads  to  that  of  Ran  da 
(1,409    m.,    4,623    ft.)  Hitherto 
glimpses  of  the  Bnmegghorn  (often 
taken  for  the  Weisshorn)  and  of  the 
Breithorn,  at  the  head  of  the  valley, 
have  been  gained,  but  at  Randa  the 
traveller  finds  himself  close  to  the 
world  of  ice.    The  village  stands  on 
rising  ground,  a  mud  avalanche  fan, 
opposite  the  small  Bies  gl.,  which 
streams  down  from  the  Weisshorn, 
but  now  ends  at  a  great  height  above 
the  valley.     In  1636,  according  to 
the  perhaps  exaggerated  records  of 
the  time,  the  entire  gl.  fell  into  the 
valley,  spreading  fearful  havoc  before 
it.     Again,  in    December  18 19,  a 
considerable  mass  was  detached,  and, 
though  it  fell  a  little  on  one  side  of 
the  village,  was  powerful  enough  to 
level  most  of  the  houses  ;  it  is  said 
that   solid   beams  and   roofs  were 
blown  away  like  straw  to  the  distance 
of  a  mile  from  their  former  site.  A 
barrier    formed    across    the  river 
threatened  to  renew  here  the  disaster 
of  the  preceding  year  in  the  Val  de 
Bagnes  (§18.   Rte.   E)  ;   but  some 
brave  men  of  the  valley,  working  at 
the  peril  of  their  lives,  succeeded  in 
cutting  an  opening  for  the  waters. 
Other   similar  falls,  on   a  smaller 
scale,  occurred  in  January  1848  and 
in  February  1865,  the  noteworthy 
fact  being  that  all  these  took  place  in 
winter.    (For  the  passes  to  Gruben 
see  §  19.  Rte.  M,  and  for  the  ascents 
to  be  made  from  Randa  see  under 
Zermatt,  below. )    Above  Randa  the 
valley  is  nearly  level  for  2  or  3  miles. 
A  short  distance  beyond  the  village 
is  the   torrent  from   the  Kien  gl., 
on  the  E.,  and  near  at  hand  the  re- 
mains of  a  bergfall  which  is  said  to 
have  overwhelmed  a  village  and  all 
its  inhabitants.    In  the  green  basin 
or  plain  of  Tasch  (1,441  m.,  4,728  ft.), 


seemingly  the  filled-up  site  of  an 
ancient  lake,  the  line  runs  along  the 
dyke  built  to  protect  the  valley 
against  the  ravages  of  the  torrent, 
and  extended  in  order  to  bear  the 
railway  too.  A  short  distance 
beyond  Tasch  the  line  crosses  for  the 
last  time  to  the  1.  bank  of  the  torrent, 
and  is  carried  along  the  side  of  a 
narrow  gorge  high  above  the  roaring 
torrent.  A  sudden  first  glimpse  of 
the  Matterhorn  is  caught,  and  then  a 
short  tunnel  through  a  rocky  buttress 
leads  to  the  green  basin  of  Zermatt, 
the  station  being  at  the  N.  end  of  the 
village,  both  dominated  by  the  Mat- 
terhorn. However  long  a  traveller 
may  remain  at  Zermatt.  or  however 
often  he  may  return  hither,  the  over- 
powering grandeur  of  that  mavellous 
peak  must  continue  to  fascinate  his 
eyes,  and  the  problem  of  its  origin 
and  history  to  occupy  his  mind,  even 
though  he  be  unversed  in  natural 
science. 

The  little  village  of  Zermatt 
(1,620  m.,  5.315  ft.)  bore  during  the 
greater  part  of  its  existence  the  name 
of  '  Prato  Borno  '  or  Praborgne  (pre 
borne,  meaning  a  plain  limited  by  high 
mountains  all  around)  ;  but  at  the  end 
of  the  fifteenth  century  it  is  called 
1  Matt  '(the  old  name  being  also  used), 
this  German  translation  marking  its 
occupation  by  a  Teutonic  colony 
from  the  Upper  Valtais.  The  form 
'  Zermatt 5  does  not  seem  to  be  found 
before  the  eighteenth  century.  It  was 
known  for  many  years  to  botanists 
and  geologists  before  Saussure  came 
thither  in  1789,  and  even  much 
later  pleasure  tourists  were  extremely 
rare.  These  few  wanderers  found 
lodging  in  the  house  of  the  local 
doctor,  Lauber  by  name,  whose 
house  became,  in  1839,  a  regular  inn 
on  a  small  scale.  It  stood  on  the 
site  of  the  Monte  Rosa  Hotel.  But 
it  was  not  till  1854  that  it  was  sold 
to  M.  Alexandre  Seiler,  who,  with 
the  aid  of  his  energetic  wife,  im- 
proved the  accommodation  at  Zermatt 
till  it  became  suited  to  the  require- 
ments   of  the   most   helpless  and 


496        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


indolent  class  of  travellers.  Many 
obstacles  were  encountered  by  M. 
and  Madame  Seiler  in  their  arduous 
undertaking,  but  all  were  successfully 
overcome,  and  the  memory  of  the 
courteous  and  amiable  husband  and 
wife  (both  now  at  rest)  will  long  re- 
main green  in  the  hearts  of  those 
who  had  the  pleasure  and  privilege 
of  being  their  guests. 

There  is  little  to  see  in  the  village 
itself,  a  collection  of  wooden  houses 
black  with  age,  overtopped  by  the  great 
hotels.  The  village  church  is  of  con- 
siderable antiquity,  while  few  travel- 
lers will  fail  to  spend  a  few  moments 
in  the  small  bit  of  the  '  God's  Acre ' 
on  the  N.  side  of  the  church,  wherein 
rest  the  mortal  remains  of  many 
foreigners,  climbers  and  others,  who 
have  lost  their  lives  in  the  neighbour- 
hood ;  the  English  Church  above  the 
village  has  been  built  in  memory  of 
some  of  the  earlier  of  these  victims. 

The  grandeur  of  the  scenery  around 
Zermatt,  and  the  number  of  expedi- 
tions which  can  be  made  hence  into 
the  heart  of  the  ice  region,  more  and 
more  recommended  this  place  to 
mountaineers,  though  now  the  crowd 
of  tourists  threatens  to  swamp  them 
almost  entirely.  The  establishment 
of  the  first  inn  on  the  Riffelberg  in 
1854  contributed  greatly  first  to  the 
conquest,  then  to  the  frequent 
ascent  of,  several  of  the  highest 
summits  around  it,  which  were  thus 
reduced  to  the  limits  of  a  moderate 
day's  walk.  Hence  Zermatt  and 
the  old  Riffel  inn  were  the  centres 
whence  ardent  mountain-climbers  suc- 
cessfully attacked  almost  all  the 
highest  summits  of  the  Pennine  Alps, 
with  the  exception  of  the  Grand  Corn- 
bin  and  of  Mont  Blanc  himself, 
who  holds  his  solitary  and  regal  state 
far  away  in  the  W. 

Weather  is,  of  course,  an  indispens- 
able condition  for  the  proper  enjoy- 
ment of  objects  so  new  and  vast  as 
surround  visitors  to  Zermatt,  which 
cannot  be  appreciated  or  impressed 
on  the  mind  in  a  moment.  But 
patience  is  sometimes  severely  tested 


by  a  continuance  of  wet  days  and 
heavy  clouds  veiling  the  peaks.  Snow 
sometimes  falls  in  August  close  to  the 
village,  but  the  moments  of  returning 
fine  weather,  and  the  intervals  some- 
times snatched  from  the  midst  of  a 
broken  season,  amply  reward  the  tra- 
veller's perseverance. 

There  are  many  guides  resident  at 
Zermatt  in  summer,  the  best  of  whom 
come  from  St.  Niklaus,  Saas,  &c, 
though  they  are  not  equal,  save  in 
isolated  cases,  to  the  best  men  in 
the  Bernese  Oberland.  There  is  an 
official  tariff,  as  usual,  for  all  the 
neighbouring  peaks  and  passes. 

Irrespective  of  other  attractions,  the 
neighbourhood  of  Zermatt  is  full  of 
interest  to  the  geologist,  the  mineralo- 
gist, the  botanist,  and  the  entomolo- 
gist. 6  Breithorn '  Biner  has  a  vast 
j  collection  of  the  rarer  minerals  and 
!  plants  for  sale.  A  list  of  even  the 
!  scarcest  plants  would  include  a  large 
portion  of  the  Alpine  flora,  but  a  few 
may  be  mentioned  which  appear 
especially  interesting.  Near  the  vil- 
lage are  seen  growing  close  together 
some  plants  of  the  warm  region 
and  some  high  mountain  species  that 
have  descended  from  the  neighbour- 
ing peaks,  especially  through  the 
Trift  ravine.  Thus  Stipa  pennata, 
Euphrasia  lutea,  Echinospe?'mum 
deflexum^  and  Hieracium  7mdtiflorum 
are  seen  behind  the  village  close  to 
Gnaphalium  Leontopodium,  Aveua 
distichophylla,  and  Artemisia  7?iutel- 
lina.  Of  the  rarest  species  Draba 
incana  var.  Thomasii^  Artemisia 
spicata,  and  Scirpus  alpintcs  are 
found  by  the  Findelen  gl.  ;  Phyteuma 
humile  and  Car  ex  hispidtda  on  the 
RifYelhorn  ;  Lychnis  alpina,  Oxytropis 
Gaudini  and  O.  iapponica,  Draba 
Jladnitzensis,  and  Avena  subspicata  on 
the  Riffel  and  Gornergrat ;  and  Pot  en 
tilla  multifida  and  P.  ambigua, 
Campanula  cenisia,  and  Crepis jubata 
on  the  Hornli.  Gentiana  tenelia, 
Carex  bicolor,  and  C.  rzepestris  are 
not  uncommon. 

Before  describing  the  various  ex- 
cursions and  ascents   that  may  be 


ROUTE  A.    VISP  TO  ZERMATT 


497 


made  from  Zermatt  or  the  Riffel  a 
few  words  respecting  the  topography 
of  the  district  may  be  useful.  It  has 
been  remarked  in  the  Introduction  to 
this  Section  that  the  range  of  Monte 
Rosa  may  be  considered  as  formed  by 
the  intersection,  at  right  angles,  of 
two  great  lines  of  upheaval.  The 
centre  of  the  cross  is  formed  by  a 
great  snowy  plateau  of  considerable 
extent  and  at  a  height  of  rather  over 
14,000  ft.  Reckoning  from  hence  the 
N.  arm  includes  the  Zumsteinspitze 
(4,573  m.,  15,004  ft.),  the  Dufour- 
spitze,1  4,638  m.,  15,217  ft.  (on  a 
short  buttress  projecting  W.  from  the 
frontier  ridge,  and  so  wholly  in  Swit- 
zerland), and  the  No-rd  End  (4,612 
m.,  15,132  ft.)  Beyond  the  latter 
peak  the  ridge  falls  to  the  Jagerhorn 
(3,975  m. ,  13,042  ft.),  and  then  still 
more  rapidly  to  form  the  Weissthor 
ridge,  about  3  m.  in  length  and 
12,000  ft.  in  average  height.  About 
midway  the  snowy  summit  of  the 
Cima  di  Jazzi  (3,818  m.,  12,527  ft.) 
rises  a  little  above  the  general  level. 
N.  of  this  stretches  a  long  range  for 
about  10  m. ,  which  rises  in  the 
Strahlhorn  (4,191  m.,  13,751  ft. ),  the 
Rimpfischhorn  (4,203  m.,  13,790  ft.), 
the  Allalinhorn  (4,034  m. ,  13,236ft. ), 
the  A Ipkubel  (4,207  m.,  13,803  ft.), 

1  Even  in  the  first  edition  (published  July, 
1863)  of  this  volume  Mr.  Ball  made  the  fol- 
lowing protest  against  this  name  in  favour  of 
1  Hochste  Spitze ' :  '  With  the  highest  esti- 
mate of  the  services  of  General  Dufour,  as 
Director  of  the  admirable  Swiss  Survey,  the 
writer  does  not  believe  that  the  name  of  any 
individual  can  remain  permanently  attached 
to  the  highest  peak  of  the  second  mountain 
in '  the  Alps.  Since  that  date  the  name 
Dufourspitze  has  been  well-nigh  universally . 
recognized,  and  appears  on  both  the  Swiss 
and  Italian  Government  maps.  It  is  adopted 
in  the  new  edition  of  this  volume,  as  two  other 
reasons  may  be  urged  in  its  favour  which 
would  probably  have  induced  Mr.  Ball,  on 
further  consideration,  to  alter  his  opinion.  It 
is  now  known  that  this  peak  is  not,  as  was 
formerly  believed,  on  the  frontier  between 
Switzerland  and  Italy,  for  it  rises  on  a  but- 
tress projecting  W.  of  the  frontier  ridge,  and 
is  thus  wholly  in  Swiss  territory.  Again,  on 
January  28,  1863,  the  Swiss  Federal  Govern- 
ment formally  and  officially  adopted  this 
name  for  the  highest  summit  lying  within 
the  land  over  which  it  bears  rule. 
I. 


the  Mischabelhorner  ( Tdschhorn, 
4,498  m.,  14,758  ft.,  and Dom,  4,554 
m.,  14,942  ft.),  and  the  Nadelhorn 
(4,334  m. ,  14,220  ft.),  terminating  in 
the  Ulrichshorn  (3,929  m.,  12,891  ft.) 
and  the  Balfrin  (3,802  m.,  12,474 

ft.) 

On  the  S.  side  of  the  central  plateau 
are  four  minor  summits  of  Monte 
Rosa,  arranged  in  descending  order — 
Parrotspitze  (4,463  m.,  14,643  ft.), 
Ludwigshdhe,  4,346  m.,  14,259  ft. 
(wholly  in  Italy),  Schwarzhom  (4,231 
m.,  13,882  ft.),  and  Vincent  Pyra- 
mtde (4,21$  m.,  13.829  ft.) — whilethe 
rocky  crest  of  the  Balmenhorn  ( 1 3, 500 
ft. ),  to  the  W.  of  the  latter  point,  is 
balanced  on  the  E.  by  the  Punt  a 
Giordani  (4,055  m. ,  13,304  ft. )  S.  of 
the  Pyramide  this  range  sinks  into 
the  comparatively  inconsiderable  ridge 
dividing  the  Lys  and  Sesia  valleys. 

The  E.  arm  of  the  cross  is  formed 
by  the  Signal  Kuppe  or  Punta  Gni- 
fetti  (4,561  m.,  14,965  ft.),  the  Punta 
dei  Tre  A7?iici  (3,541  m.,  11,618  ft.), 
and  the  Cima  delta  Pissa,  or  Monte 
delle  Loccie  (3,498  m.,  1 1,477 
and  may  perhaps  be  considered  to 
include  the  Pizzo  .Bianco  (3,216  m. , 
10,552  ft.) 

More  important  than  this  is  the  W. 
arm,  which  includes  the  Lyskamm 
(4,538  m.,  14,889  ft.),  the  double 
summits  of  the  Zwillinge  (Castor, 
4,230  m.,  13,879  ft.,  and  Pollux, 
4,094m.,  13,433  ft.),  the  Breithorn 
(4,171  m.,  13,685  ft.),  and  the  Petit 
Mont  Cervin  or  Klein  Matterhorn 
(3,886  m.,  12,750  ft.),  and  is  con- 
nected with  the  Matterhorn  and  Dent 
d'Herens  by  the  flattened  ridge,  about 
11,000  ft.  in  height,  that  supports  the 
Theodule  and  Furgg  gls. 

Several  secondary  ranges,  parallel 
to  this  W.  range,  are  connected  with 
the  Cima  di  Jazzi  and  the  other  peaks 
to  the  N.  which  divide  the  gls.  de- 
scending towards  the  Zermatt  and 
Saas  valleys.  The  barrier  above 
spoken  of  connecting  the  Nord  End 
and  the  Strahlhorn  presents  a  wall  of 
formidable  precipices  towards  the  E. , 
but  falls  away  in  a  gentle  slope  to  the 
K  K 


498       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


W.  For  a  breadth  of  nearly  three 
miles  the  upper  snow  slopes  lie  almost 
unbroken  upon  this  slope,  but  as  they 
begin  to  descend  towards  the  main 
valley  they  are  divided  into  two  ice 
streams  by  a  ridge  which  gradually 
emerges  from  the  neve,  and  finally 
presents  a  rather  bold  front  to  the  gls. 
on  either  side.  The  highest  points  of 
this  range,  appearing  insignificant  by 
contrast  with  the  grand  objects 
around,  are  the  Stockhorn  (3,534  m. , 
11,595  ft.),  the  Hohthaligrat  (3,289 
m.,  10,791  ft.),  the  Gornergrat  (3,136 
m. ,  10,289  ft.),  and  the  Riffelhorn 
(2,931  m.,  9,617  ft.)  The  western 
slope,  immediately  overlooking  Zer- 
matt,  is  called  the  Riffel  or  the  Riffel- 
berg.  On  its  south  side  is  the  Gorner 
gl.,  formed  by  the  confluence  of  all 
the  minor  gls.  descending  from  the 
N.  and  W.  sides  of  the  Monte  Rosa 
range,  while  on  the  N.  side  the  Finde- 
len gl.  descends  in  the  direction  of 
the  village  of  Zermatt.  The  position 
of  the  Riffel,  surrounded  by  a  complete 
circle  of  peaks  of  the  first  order,  is 
perhaps  unique  in  the  Alps.  It  forms 
the  starting  point  for  many  of  the 
most  interesting  ascents  to  be  made 
from  Zermatt,  and  is  the  first  excur- 
sion which  every  visitor  to  Zermatt  is 
bound  to  make. 

The  visitor  to  Zermatt  has  a  choice 
of  many  expeditions  to  all  degrees  of 
difficulty,  most  of  which  are  greatly 
facilitated  by  the  numberless  inns  on 
the  heights  around  the  basin  in  which 
is  the  village  itself — the  two  inns  on 
the  Riffel,  those  on  the  Gornergrat, 
near  the  Findelengl . ,  on  the  Fluh  Alp, 
on  the  Tasch  Alp,  in  the  Trift  gorge, 
on  the  Staffel  Alp,  at  the  Schwarzsee, 
on  the  way  to  and  on  the  top  of  the 
St.  Theodule  Pass,  not  to  speak  of 
the  new  Betemps  Club  hut  (practically 
a  small  inn)  on  the  Plattje  rocks  at 
the  foot  of  Monte  Rosa  and  2J  hrs. 
from  the  upper  Riffel  inn.  It  is 
always  hard  to  draw  a  hard  and  fast 
line,  but  it  seems  convenient  to 
describe  the  expeditions  to  be  made 
from  Zermatt  as  a  centre  under  the 
three   heads  of    Excursions,  Easy 


Ascents •,  and  High  Ascents,  or  Grandes 
Courses. 

1.  Excursions.  —  (a)  Riffel  and 
Gornergrat.  — This  is  the  Zermatt  ex- 
cursion par  excellence,  and  can  be  ac- 
complished throughout  by  rail  or  on 
horseback.  The  upper  inn  on  the 
Riffel  appears,  when  seen  from  Zer- 
matt, to  stand  on  the  topmost  crest 
of  the  mountain,  because  the  gentler 
slopes  behind,  leading  to  the  Gorner- 
grat, are  concealed  from  view. 

(i.)  By  Railway  (1  hr.  20  min. 
from  Zermatt  to  the  Gornergrat). 
The  line  starts  from  the  station  op- 
posite that  of  the  Visp  line,  crosses 
the  river,  and  at  once  commences  to 
mount  the  E.  side  of  the  valley.  The 
gradient  is  not  very  steep,  and  the 
stream  coming  from  the  Findelen  gl. 
is  crossed  on  the  same  gradient  by 
means  of  a  very  lofty  bridge.  A 
tunnel  is  then  traversed,  and  the 
same  direction  (S.W. )  followed,  till 
at  a  point  about  200  ft.  above 
Fallistutz  the  line  enters  a  cutting, 
and  by  a  tunnel  bends  to  the  E., 
thus  affording  a  fine  view  down  the 
valley.  Near  the  Riffel  Alp  station 
a  view  of  the  Findelen  gl.  is  gained. 
Shortly  afterwards  the  line  curves 
round,  nearly  at  a  level,  and  mounts 
rapidly  to  the  Riffelhaus,  the  station 
here,  like  that  at  the  Riffel  Alp,  being 
about  5  minutes  from  the  Hotel. 
From  the  Riffelhaus  station  the  line 
traverses  undulating  pastures,  and 
passes  to  the  S.  side  of  the  water- 
shed, when  a  sudden  and  marvellous 
view  of  the  Gorner  gl.,  as  well  as  of 
the  peaks  on  its  farther  side,  is  dis- 
closed. The  N.  side  of  the  watershed 
is  then  regained,  and  the  Gornergrat 
station  is  attained  :  it  is  on  a  plateau 
about  100  ft.  below  and  due  W.  of 
the  summit. 

(ii.)  By  Mule  Path.—i\  hr.  is  re- 
quired to  the  lower  inn,  called  Riffel 
Alp,  1  hr.  more  to  the  upper  inn, 
or  Riffelhaus,  and  hr.  more  to 
the  Gornergrat.  The  good  mule 
path  crosses  the  Visp  by  a  bridge 
just  S.  of  the  village,  and  ascends 
amid   meadows    to   the  hamlet  of 


ROUTE  A.    EXCURSIONS  FROM  ZERMATT 


499 


Winkelmatten.  Here  (at  a  chapel) 
the  path  to  the  inns  by  the  Findelen 
gl.  goes  straight  on,  out  that  to  the 
Riffel  bends  to  the  r.,  crosses  the 
stream  from  the  Findelen  gl.,  and 
then  mounts  steeply,  before  long 
entering  a  wood  of  larch  and  Arolla 
pine.  At  Schwegmatten,  between 
the  path  and  the  snout  of  the  Gorner 
gl. ,  there  are  some  transported  blocks 
left  by  the  ancient  gl. ,  700  ft.  above 
the  present  level  of  the  Visp.  Higher 
up  the  traveller  passes  the  Attgst- 
kummen  chalets,  which  command  a 
noble  view  of  the  peaks  between  the 
Matterhorn  and  the  Weisshorn.  Here, 
above  a  flat  meadow,  the  mule  path 
bears  to  the  1. ,  pedestrians  bound  for 
the  Gornergrat  keeping  straight  on. 
In  \  hr.  the  splendid  Hotel  Riffelalp 
(2,227  m.,  7,307  ft.)  is  attained.  It 
is  admirably  situated  amidst  a  forest, 
and  commands  glorious  views,  but  is 
now  very  fashionable,  so  that  the 
ardent  mountaineer  will  prefer  to 
take  up  his  quarters  at  the  higher 
and  simpler  inn  of  the  Riffelhaus. 
Near  the  H.  Riffelalp  are  the 
English  Church,  and  the  Monument 
to  the  memory  of  Mr.  T.  W.  Hinch- 
liff,  formerly  President  of  the  Alpine 
Club.  The  mule  path  soon  crosses  a 
small  stream,  and  then  mounts  a  bare 
and  stony  mountain  slope  rather 
steeply  by  a  series  of  zigzags,  in  order 
to  gain  the  H.  Riffelhaus  (2,569  m., 
8,429  ft.),  the  original  inn  (now  en- 
larged) built  here  in  1854.  It  is  one 
of  the  highest  in  the  Alps,  and  the  view 
is  very  much  the  same  as  that  from  the 
Riffelalp.  Monte  Rosa  is  seen  from 
neither,  but  the  Matterhorn  rises 
more  and  more  grandly.  The  Riffel- 
haus is  the  best  starting  point  for  the 
high  ascents  round  the  Gorner  gl. ,  &c. 
The  main  object  of  tourists  is  to  reach 
the  summit  of  the  Grornergrat,  a 
guide  to  which  is  needless.  After 
ascending  some  way  in  a  S.E.  direc- 
tion, and  approaching  the  shallow 
little  tarn  called  the  Riffelsee,  the 
traveller  finds  himself  shut  out  from 
the  view  on  the  r.  by  a  very  steep 
pinnacle  of  serpentine  rock,  called  | 


the  Riffelhorn  (2,931  m.,  9,617  ft.) 
It  can  be  ascended  from  the  lake  in 
J  hr.  by  a  rough  scramble  up  its  E. 
ridge,  and  also  by  a  variety  of  harder 
routes  direct  from  the  Gorner  gl. 
Rising  almost  vertically  from  the 
Gorner  gl.,  it  commands  the  finest 
of  all  views  of  that  immense  ice 
stream  ;  but  the  mountain  panorama 
is  less  extensive  than  that  from  the 
Gornergrat.  Mounting  to  the  1. 
amidst  huge  slabs  of  slaty  serpentine 
and  other  crystalline  rocks,  the 
summit  of  the  Gornergrat  (3,136  m., 
10,289  ft-)  is  soon  gained.  It  is  now 
crowned  by  an  inn,  to  the  doors  of 
which  mules  can  go. 

The  panorama  from  this  point  pre- 
sents an  unequalled  circle  of  Alpine 
peaks,  from  the  Mischabelhhorner 
right  round  to  the  Weisshorn,  but 
only  a  few  summits  are  seen  besides 
those  enclosing  the  Zermatt  valley. 
The  view  is  sometimes  compared  with 
that  from  the  Eggishorn,  but  the 
Gorner  gl.  is  not  so  deep  below  the 
spectator's  eye  as  is  the  Aletsch  gl. 
The  upper  basin  of  the  Gorner  gl.  is, 
indeed,  a  noble  object ;  but  its  middle 
and  lower  course  are,  in  great  part, 
concealed  by  the  RifTelhorn  and  other 
intervening  masses,  while  of  the  Fin- 
delen gl.  only  a  small  part  is  within 
sight.  The  first  impression  of  Monte 
Rosa  does  not  at  all  correspond  with 
its  great  height.  As  seen  from  the 
Gornergrat  none  of  the  summits  of  the 
range  on  the  S.  side  of  the  Gorner  gl. 
seem  entitled  to  pre-eminence  over 
the  rest ;  and  it  was  long  before  their 
relative  claims  were  settled.  The 
earlier  visitors  to  Zermatt  were  di 
rected  to  the  Breithorn  as  the  highest 
part  of  the  range.  Later  the  name 
Monte  Rosa  was  applied  by  the 
Zermatt  people  to  the  Lyskamm, 
and  this  is  done  on  the  plates  to 
Agassiz's  '  Etudes  sur  les  Glaciers  ' 
(1840)  ;  but  as  early  as  1840  (see 
Engelhardt's  first  book)  the  supe- 
riority of  the  Dufourspitze  was  ac- 
knowledged, though  that  summit  was 
long  called  '  Gornerhorn  'instead  of  by 
its  proper  name,  '  Monte  Rosa. '  No 
K  K  2 


500       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20. 


MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


description  can,  however,  prepare  the 
traveller  for  the  effect  of  the  rest  of  the 
panorama,  as  he  turns  his  eyes  round 
the  semicircle  from  the  Matterhorn 
to  the  Strahlhorn.  The  only  way  to 
do  justice  to  this  scene  is  to  return 
hither  frequently  during  the  spare 
moments  of  a  traveller's  stay  in  this 
region. 

From  the  Gornergrat  i  it  is  easy  to 
scramble  along  the  ridge  '  to  the  Hoh- 
thaligrat,  3,289  m.,  10779  r  ft.  (1  hr.), 
and  to  continue  along  the  ridge  and 
the  snow  slopes  on  the  N.  to  the 
Stockhorn,  3,334  'nr.,  H,595  ft. 
( I  hr. )  The  view  from  either  includes 
a  greater  part- of  the  Findelen  gl., 
but  both  ar^e  overtopped  by  the  Cima 
di  Jazzi  (3,818  m.,  12,527  ft),  which 
is,  therefore,  to  be  preferred  to  either 
(see  below  under  4  Easy  Ascents '). 

Another  way  for  walkers  is  to  go 
through  the  gorge  at  the  end  of  the 
Gorner  gl.  (b.  below),  rejoining  the 
route  described  above  at  the  Falli- 
siutz,  below  Augstkummen. 

Visitors  to  the  Gornergrat  may  ex- 
tend their  excursion  so  as  to  make 
nearer  acquaintance  with  the  Gorner 
gl.  E.  of  the  Riffelhorn  and  running 
along  the  S.  base  of  the  Gornergrat  is 
the  stony  slope  called  Rothe  Kumme, 
WThich  is  covered  with  rare  plants. 
A  mule  track  traverses  this,  at  first 
many  hundred  feet  above  the  gl. ,  but 
gradually  approaching  nearer  to  the 
ice.  The  glacier  is  free  from  difficulty, 
and  may  be  crossed  in  t  hr.  or  so  to 
the  new  Betemps  Club  hut  (inn),  on 
the  Plattje  rocks,  at  the  foot  of  Monte 
Rosa.  On  the  gl.  the  traveller  will 
not  fail  to  notice  a  series  of  circular 
pits  of  considerable  size,  that  recur  at 
about  equal  intervals  on  the  N.  side 
of  the  gl. 

The  return  to  Zermatt  may  be 
varied  by  taking  the  mule  path  which 
leads  from  the  H.  Riffelalp  to  the 
Grii?isee  inn  (also  reached  by  a  new 
mule  path  branching  to  the  r.  from 
the  Gornergrat  path  a  little  below  the 
summit,  and  leading  direct  to  this 
inn),  near  the  end  of  the  Findelen  gl., 
a  visit  to  which  may  be  thus  combined 


with  the  Gornergrat,  the  descent  taking 
no  more  time.  Good  walkers  may 
cross  that  gl. ,  mount  to  the  Fluh  alp 
inn,  on  its  r.  bank,  and  rejoin  the 
Griinsee  path  to  Zermatt  at  the  hamlet 
of  Findele?i. 

( b )  The  Gorner  Glacier.  — A  visit  to 
the  lower  end  of  this  gl.  is  within  range 
of  an  afternoon's  stroll  from  Zermatt. 
After  flowing  due  W.  for  6  miles  the 
Gorner  gl.  sweeps  round  the  base  of 
the  Riffelhorn,  and  descends  nearly 
due  N.  into  the  head  of  the  Zermatt 
valley.  The  easiest  way  lies  along 
the  W.  bank  of  the  Visp  for  rather 
more  than  a  mile  ;  then  after  crossing 
the  Z'Mutt  torrent  a  very  picturesque 
path  leads  to  the  ravine  through  which 
the  Visp  descends  from  its  parent 
gl.  This  ravine  or  gorge  has  now 
been  fitted  up  with  ladders,  &c.  (fee), 
and  is  worth  a  visit.  As  indicated 
above,  it  is  easy  for  pedestrians  to 
pass  through  it  (though  this  is  not 
necessary,  as  across  either  bridge  over 
the  Z'Mutt  torrent  a  path  leads 
towards  the  gl.  itself)  and  join  the 
Riffel  path  at  Fallistutz.  The  gl. 
itself  has  retreated  greatly,  and  left  a 
bare  track  of  debris  and  glacial  mud. 
Unpractised  visitors  should  be  cau- 
tioned against  approaching  close  to 
the  ice,  as  blocks  of  stone,  lightly 
poised,  hang  on  the  terminal  slope, 
and  from  time  to  time  slide  with  great 
force  down  the  declivity.  The  lower 
slope  of  the  Riffelhorn  is  steep,  but  it  is 
possible  to  mount  some  way  along  it, 
so  as  to  observe  the  process  by  which 
the  glacier  smooths  and  polishes  the 
surfaces  of  rock  over  which  it  moves. 
The  appearances  may  be  compared 
with  those  seen  on  the  upper  ridge  of 
the  same  peak,  in  the  hollow  between 
the  Riffelhorn  and  the  Gornergrat, 
where  an  arm  of  the  gl.  passed  when 
the  ice  rose  many  hundred  feet  higher 
than  its  present  level.  The  pinnacles 
of  ice  formed  in  the  steep  part  of  the 
descent  to  the  glacier  cannot  fail  to 
excite  admiration. 

Practised  icemen  may  take  the 
glacier  on  the  way  to  the  Riffel,  and 
good  climbers  may  climb  the  Riffel- 


ROUTE  A.    EXCURSIONS  FROM  ZERMATT 


horn  by  one  or  other  of  several  routes 
direct  from  the  gl. 

(c)  The  Findelen  Glacier.— This  is 
indicated  under  a.  as  it  may  be  com- 
bined with  a  visit  to  the  Gornergrat. 
It  is  about  2  hrs.  by  a  mule  path 
from  Zermatt  to  the  Grtinsee  inn,  on 
the  1.  bank  of  the  gl.,  and  about 
2§  hrs.  to  the  inn  at  the  Fluh  alp,  on 
the  r.  bank  (foot  path  from  the  hamlet 
of  Findelen). 

(d)  The  Schwarzsee,  Hornli,  and 
Z'Mutt  Grl. — This  is  deservedly  one 
of  the  excursions  most  made  by 
strangers.  It  is  possible  to  ride  to 
the  Schwarzsee  Hotel,  and  thence  by 
the  Staffel  alp  back  to  Zermatt,  but, 
the  Hornli  is  only  accessible  to 
walkers.  From  the  very  base  of  the 
E.  foot  of  the  Matterhorn  a  nearly 
level  ridge  or  promontory  of  rock  ex- 
tends a  little  N.  of  E.,  terminating 
abruptly  in  a  bold  point,  conspicuous 
from  Zermatt,  called  the  Hornli 
(2,893  m.,  9,492  ft.)  In  the  angle 
between  this  and  the  higher  ridge 
connecting  the  Matterhorn  with  the 
Breithorn  is  formed  the  Furgg 
gl.  Below  the  Hornli  the  ridge 
separating  the  torrent  of  this  gl. .  from 
that  of  Z'Mutt  spreads  out,  and  in 
one  of  its  undulations  forms  the  basin 
of  a  small  lake,  the  Schwarzsee 
(2,558  m.,  8,393  ft),  with  a  solitary 
chapel  beside  it.  On  a  knoll  to  the 
E.  is  a  large  new  Hotel.  The  mule 
path  bears  to  the  r.  at  the  Hermattje 
huts  from  that  to  the  St.  Theodule 
(Rte.  B),  and  by  it  the  Hotel  is  gained 
in  about  2J-  hrs.  from  Zermatt.  On 
the  ascent  one  of  the  finest  views  of 
the  Gorner  gl.  is  obtained  ;  it  is  here 
seen  while  undergoing  the  process  of 
rapid  flexure,  at  the  same  time  that 
it  falls  rapidly  round  the  base  of  the 
RifTelhorn,  with  its  surface  torn  by 
various  systems  of  crevasses,  which 
finally  intersect  each  other,  forming  a 
wild  confusion  of  tottering  pinnacles 
of  ice.  The  view  from  the  Hotel 
well  rewards  the  ascent  ;  but  those 
who  do  not  object  to  a  short,  rough 
climb  should  ascend  the  Hornli 
( 1  hr. )    Nowhere  perhaps  on  the  N. 


side  does  the  Matterhorn  appear 
more  overpoweringly  grand  than 
from  this  point.  Other  peaks,  such 
as  some  of  the  Chamonix  Aiguilles, 
may  appear  as  bold  in  outline,  but 
they  want  the  air  (alas,  nothing 
more  !)  of  solidity  peculiar  to  this 
unmatched  peak.  With  an  audacity 
that  seems  to  defy  the  universe  it 
rears  its  front  5,000  ft.  above  the 
snow  fields  at  its  base,  as  though  its 
massive  framework  could  support  the 
shock  of  a  world  in  ruins.  Its 
stability  is  but  apparent.  Those  who 
have  passed  days  or  nights  on  the 
mountain  have  witnessed  the  con- 
tinued progress  of  destruction  that, 
stone  by  stone,  is  unbuilding  that 
marvellous  structure,  though  it.  is  not 
yet  possible  to  calculate  How  many 
millions  of  ages  would  be  required  to 
bring  it  down  to  the  level  of  the 
lower  ridges  that  surround  its  base. 

There  is  no  difficulty  in  following 
the  nearly  level  ridge  which  connects 
the  Hornli  with  the  actual  base  of  the 
great  mountain,  where  is  the  Lower 
Matterhorn  Club  hut,  3,298  m., 
10,821  ft.  (1  hr.  or  so.) 

On  the  way  back  to  Zermatt  it  is 
usual  to  follow  a  mule  path  which 
lea4s  from  the  Schwarzsee  Hotel  in 
f  hr.  to  the  Staffel  alp  inn,  at  the 
lo">¥er  end  of  the  great  Z'Mutt  gl. 
(it  is  also  possible  to  gain  this  inn 
direct  from  the  Hornli).  A  visit  may 
be  paid  to  that  great  but  moraine- 
covered  ice  stream  described  in  §  19. 
Rte.  H.  A  mule  path  takes  the 
traveller  thence  in  1  hr.  to  Zermatt 
along  the  r.  bank  of  the  Z'Mutt 
torrent.  A  remarkable  chasm,  cut 
through  the  rock  by  that  torrent, 
well  deserves  attention.  It  is  crossed 
by  a  bridge,  over  which  leads  a  foot 
path  to  the  hamlet  of  Z'Mutt  (1,940 
m.,  6,386  ft.),  the  largest  of  those 
above  Zermatt.  Hence  a  path  runs 
down  the  1.  bank  of  the  torrent  to 
Zermatt. 

(e)  The  Trift  Gorge.— Some  travel- 
lers may  care  to  explore  this  wild, 
rocky  gorge  (rich  in  rare  plants), 
which  opens  just  N.W.  of  Zermatt. 


502       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.    MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


The  mule  track  for  some  way  is  the 
same  as  for  the  Mettelhorn  (2.  a. 
below),  and  a  steep  foot  path  follows 
the  gorge  (mainly  along  its  1.  side), 
passing  a  small  inn  (f  hr. )  to  the 
large  Trift  inn  (2  hrs. )  This  inn  is  a 
good  headquarters  for  several  ascents 
to  be  described  below. 

2.  Easy  Ascents.  —  (a)  The  Mettel- 
horn.— The  Mettelhorn  (3,410  m., 
1 1 , 1 88  ft. )  is  the  highest  point  of  a  pro- 
montory extending  eastward  from  the 
Morning  Rothhorn,  and  immediately 
overlooking  the  village  of  Zermatt. 
It  commands  one  of  the  finest  views 
— some  think  the  very  finest — in 
this  neighbourhood,  and  is  distin- 
guished from  others  of  the  same 
class  by  its  proximity  to  the  noble 
peak  of  the  Weisshorn,  and  by  in- 
cluding a  considerable  portion  of  the 
Bernese  Alps  in  the  opening  between 
that  peak  and  the  Mischabelhorner. 
The  ascent  is  a  laborious  climb  of 
4-5  hrs.  from  Zermatt,  but  is  within 
the  reach  of  an  average  walker,  and 
many  ladies  have  reached  the  summit. 
The  mule  path  mounts  N.W.  from 
Zermatt,  at  first  steeply,  then,  with- 
out ascending  much,  in  a  N.  direc- 
tion. It  is  that  leading  to  the  Trift 
inn.  When  a  view  of  the  Trift  gl. 
is  gained  the  ascent  (now  for  pedes- 
trians only)  continues  direct  to  the 
summit.  The  last  part  for  about  1  hr. 
is  very  steep,  in  part  over  a  snow 
slope,  and  in  part  over  debris  often 
mixed  with  loose  snow.  From  the 
top  a  fine  view  is  gained  of  the 
extensive  Hohlicht  gl.  on  the  N.-W. 

{!>)  The  Unter  Gabelhorn. — This 
is  an  excellent  climb  for  a  traveller 
seeking  to  prepare  himself  for  more 
arduous  expeditions.  The  summit 
(3,398  m.,  11,149  ft-)  ma>7  be  best 
gained  from  the  Trift  inn  (3-4  hrs.), 
either  by  way  of  the  gap  to  the  W. 
of  the  peak  or  by  a  steep  rock  gully  in 
the  E.  face.  From  the  gap  men- 
tioned it  is  easy  to  return  to  Zermatt 
by  the  Z'Mutt  gl. 

(c)  The  Wellenktippe. — This  peak 
too  affords  good  practice  for  aspiring 
beginners.     It   is   a   snowy  dome 


(3,910  m.,  12,829  ft.)  on  the  ridge 
between  the  Ober  Gabelhorn  and  the 
Triftjoch.     The  E.  arete  is  gained 
from  the  Gabelhorn  gl.  by  rocks  and 
snow,  and  beyond  is  a  steep  wall  of 
I   good  rocks,  up   which  a  pleasant 
;   scramble  leads  to  the  snow  cap  form- 
!   ing  the   summit  (5  hrs.   from  the 
Trift  inn).    It  is  said  that  after  the 
Breithorn  this  climb  and  the  Rimp- 
fischhorn  are  the  most  popular  at 
I  Zermatt  among  those  who  do  not 
propose  to  attack  the  great  peaks. 

(d)  The  Breithorn. — This  favour- 
ite excursion  is  best  made  from  the 
St.  Theodule  Pass(Rte.  B.  below),  in 
connection  with  which  it  is  described  : 
it  can,  however,  be  ascended  by  the 
N.  face  by  a  route  which  passes 
immediately  under  the  summit. 

(e)  Ober  and  Unier  Rothhorn. — 
Those  two  points  form  as  it  were  a 
pendant  to  the  Mettelhorn,  on  the 
other  side  of  the  valley,  as  they  stand 
at  the  W.  end  of  the  ridge  extending 
from  the  Rimpfischhorn.  Either 
peak  may  be  gained  in  2-3  hrs. 
from  the  inn  at  the  Fluh  alp,  and  the 
return  to  Zermatt  may  be  made  by 
the  highland  glen  of  Riederkuni?nen, 

I  lying  to  the  N.  The  lower  (3, 106  m. , 
10,191   ft.)  is  more  detached  from 

:  the  main  range  than  the  higher 
(3,418m.,  11,214  ft. ),  and  commands, 
therefore,  the  better  view,  though  the 
panorama  gained  from  either  peak  is 
very  fine. 

(/)  The  Cima  di  Jazzi.— This  is 
the  highest  summit  (save  the  Jager- 
hom,  3,975  m.3  13,042  ft.,  which  is 
properly  a  spur  of  the  Nord  End)  on 
the  long  Weissthor  ridge  connecting 
the  Nord  End  with  the  Strahlhorn; 
but  though  3,818  m.  (12,527  ft.)  is 
attained  in  4-5  hrs.  from  the  upper 
inn  on  the  Riffel,  or  from  the  Fluhalp 
inn,  provided  an  early  start  be  made, 
as  there  are  vast  snowfields  to  be  tra- 

!  versed,  when  the  snow  is  soft  this 
perfectly  easy  excursion  becomes  most 
fatiguing  and  laborious.  No  other 
summit  of  the  Alps,  nearly  equal  in 
height,  is  so  completely  within  the 

i  reach  of  moderate  walkers,  and  so 


ROUTE  A.    ASCENTS  FROM  ZERMATT 


503 


free  from  difficulty  or  danger,  pro- 
vided reasonable  caution  be  used. 
The  Gorner  gl.  is  gained  by  the  mule 
path  described  above  under  the 
Gornergrat.  After  ascending  gently 
over  the  ice,  close  to  its  r.  bank,  this 
becomes  crevassed,  and  it  is  usual  to 
go  back  for  a  short  time  to  the  rocks 
at  the  foot  of  the  Stockhorn.  Thence 
easy  snow  slopes  lead  up  towards  the 
peak,  but  it  is  best  to  bear  at  the  last 
towards  the  1. ,  so  as  to  gain  the  sum- 
mit from  the  N.W. ,  where  it  is  less 
steep.  On  approaching  the  summit 
it  is  seen  that  while  the  side  facing 
Zermatt  has  the  form  of  a  flattened 
cone,  the  Cima  itself  and  the  entire 
ridge  connecting  it  with  Monte  Rosa, 
as  well  as  the  E.  side  of  the  great 
mountain  itself,  form  a  continuous 
range  of  precipices.  Travellers  are 
strongly  cautioned  against  approach- 
ing too  close  to  the  verge,  as 
the  cap  of  frozen  snow  that  covers 
the  summit  usually  forms  a  cornice 
projecting  several  feet  from  the  rock, 
and  liable  now  and  then  to  break 
away  and  fall  some  thousands  of  feet 
on  the  Italian  side.  The  view  in- 
cludes a  great  part  of  the  circuit  of 
peaks  forming  the  panorama  from  the 
Gornergrat,  seen  from  a  point  in  the 
circumference  instead  of  from  the 
centre.  In  the  opposite  direction  the 
eye  ranges  for  an  enormous  distance 
over  the  valley,  of  the  Po  and  the 
Alpine  ridges  that  enclose  the  lakes 
and  valleys  of  Lombardy.  The 
snowy  chain  stretching  farthest  to  the 
S.  is  the  Adamello  range  (§  40), 
not  the  Ortler. 

3.  High  Ascents.— Within  our 
limits  the  principal  routes  alone  up 
the  great  peaks  can  be  indicated,  full 
details  being  given  in  Sir  Martin 
Conway's  two  books  in  the  '  Climbers' 
Guides '  series,  mentioned  in  the 
Introduction  to  this  Section. 

(a)  Monte  Rosa. — Monte  Rosa  is 
not  a  single  peak  (though  the  name  is 
often  applied  to  the  culminating  point 
of  the  mass),  but  a  cluster  of  peaks, 
which  rise  on  or  close  to  a  line  run- 
ning roughly  S.  from  the  Weissthor 


ridge.  The  fact  of  this  cluster  was 
the  cause  of  the  fanciful  conjecture 
according  to  which  the  name  was 
derived  from  a  rose  and  its  petals,  but 
it  is  now  recognised  that  the  true  ex- 
planation is  the  patois  word  (found 
in  the  valley  of  Aosta  and  its  glens) 
'roesa,  ruise,  roise,'  meaning  a 
'glacier,'  as  these  were  par  eminence 
the  great  glaciers  visible  from  the 
S.  In  this  group  ten  summits  are 
usually  distinguished,  apart  from  the 
Jagerhorn  (3,975  m. ,  13,042  ft. ),  which 
is  a  buttress  of  the  Nord  End. 
Reckoning  from  the  N.  the  names 
and  heights  are  as  follows  :  Nord  End, 
4,612  m.,  15,132  ft.;  the  Dufour- 
spitze, 4,638  m.,  15,217  ft.  ;  the 
Zumsteinspitze,  4,573  m.,  15,004  ft.; 
the  Signalkuppe  or  Pimta  Gnifetti, 
4,561  m.,  14,965  ft.  ;  the  Parrot- 
spitze,  4,463  m.,  14,643  ft.  ;  the 
Ltidwigshohe,  4,346  m.,  14,259  ft.  ; 
the  Schwarzhorn,  4,231  m. ,  13,882 
ft.  ;  the  Vincent  Py?'amide,  4,215  m., 
13,829  ft.  ;  the  Balmenhorn,  13,500 
ft.  ;  and  the  Pzoita  Giordani,  4,055 
m. ,  13,304  ft.  The  Ludwigshohe 
and  the  four  points  to  its  S.  are 
situated  wholly  within  Italy  ;  all 
the  others  are  on  the  frontier  ridge 
between  Switzerland  and  Italy,  save 
the  Dufourspitze,  which  rises  on  a  W. 
buttress,  and  so  is  wholly  within 
Switzerland,  of  which  it  is  the  culmi- 
nating point.  The  Punta  Giordani 
was  the  first  of  these  summits  to  be 
climbed  (in  1 801),  the  Dufourspitze  not 
being  conquered  till  1855.  An  excel- 
lent summary  of  the  history  of  Monte 
Rosa  up  to  1855  is  given  in  an  article 
by  M.  Pierre  Puiseux  in  the  18th 
vol.  (1 891)  of  the  '  Annuaire  du  Club 
Alpin  Frangais.'  As  to  the  S.  sum- 
mits (the  topography  of  which  is  very 
intricate),  Sir  Martin  Conway's  article 
in  vol.  xii.  of  the  4  Alpine  Journal,' 
Signor  G.  Rey's  two  in  the  '  Bol- 
lettino'  for  1892  and  1893,  and 
Signori  V.  Sella  and  D.  Vallino's 
work  (already  mentioned),  '  Monte 
Rosa  e  Gressoney,'  should  be  con- 
sulted, It  seems  most  convenient  to 
describe  first  the  Dufourspitze,  as  of 


504       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.    MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


course  it  is  the  most  frequently  as- 
cended, and  then  to  speak  briefly  of 
the  other  summits,  in  due  order  from 
N.  to  S.  The  upper  inn  on  the 
Riffel  (2,569  m.,  8,429  ft),  or  the 
new  Betemps  Club  hut  (2,990  m., 
9,810  ft.),  on  the  Plattje  rocks  (2§  hrs. 
from  it),  are  the  best  starting  points 
on  the  N.  side,  while  on  the  S.  side 
there  are  the  inn  on  the  Col  d'Olen 
(2,865  m->  954°°  ft-)?  tne  Gnifetti 
Club  hut  (3,647  m.,  11,966  ft.)  on  the 
Hohlicht(3  hrs.  from  the  inn),  and  the 
Regina  Margherita  Club  hut  (4,560 
m.,  14,961  ft.),  close  to  the  summit 
of  the  Punta  Gnifetti  (3  hrs.  from  the 
Gnifetti  hut),  the  last-named  huts 
being  very  convenient  for  exploring 
the  minor  summits  of  Monte  Rosa. 

(i.)  The  Dufourspitze.— As  seen 
from  the  Gornergrat  a  considerable  gl. , 
now  called  the  Monte  Rosa  gl. ,  flows 
down  in  a  N.W.  direction  from  the 
depression,  the  Silbersattel  (4,490  m. , 
14,732  ft.),  between  the  two  highest 
summits  of  Monte  Rosa.  But  while 
the  Nord  End  is  on  the  frontier  ridge 
the  Dufourspitze  is  not.  The  latter 
summit  rises  on  a  great  rocky  buttress 
which  projects  from  the  frontier  ridge 
towards  the  W.,  thus  separating  the 
head  of  the  Monte  Rosa  gl.  from  that 
of  the  Grenz  gl.,  which  fills  the  huge 
basin  between  the  Dufourspitze  and 
the  Lyskamm.  It  follows,  there- 
fore, that  the  Dufourspitze  is  wholly 
within  Swiss  territory,  and  that  the 
view  thence  does  not  plunge  dii'ect 
down  the  precipices  towards  Macug- 
naga,  as  stated  in  many  old  accounts. 
This  great  W.  buttress  parts  off  from 
the  main  frontier  ridge  at  a  rocky 
knob,  known  as  the  Grenzgipfel 
(4,631  m.,  15,194  ft.)  W.  of  this 
knob  is  a  gap,  and  then  the  ridge 
rises  again  to  form  a  rocky  crest  of 
considerable  length,  the  two  horns 
or  extremities  of  which  are  of  about 
equal  height  ;  the  E.  horn  is  called 
the  Ostspitze^  while  the  W.  horn  is 
the  Dufotirspitze,  the  highest  point 
of  all.  W.  of  the  Dufourspitze  the 
ridge  sinks  to  form  a  wide  snowy 
depression,    known    as    the  Sattel 


(4,354m.,  14,285  ft.)  These  topo- 
graphical remarks  will  serve  to  clear 
up  the  history  of  the  early  attempts 
on  the  Dufourspitze.  As  it  was 
clearly  quite  practicable  to  reach  the 
Silbersattel  the  early  explorers  all 
tried  from  that  side.  MM.  Puiseux 
and  Ordinaire  gained  the  Silbersattel 
by  way  of  the  Monte  Rosa  gl.  as 
early  as  1847.  Later  parties — the  first 
Prof.  Ulrich's  two  guides  in  1848, 
Johann  Madutz  and  Matthias  z.  Taug- 
wald — gained  the  Grenzgipfel,  but 
considered  the  higher  W.  ridge  to  be 
inaccessible.  Probably  the  Ostspitze 
was  first  attained  on  September  1, 
1854,  by  the  three  Messrs.  Smyth, 
and  later  in  that  year  by  one  or  two 
other  parties  ;  though  M.  P.  Puiseux 
holds  (with  some  show  of  reason)  that 
the  Ostspitze  was  not  reached  till 
1872  on  its  way  up  from  Macu- 
gnaga  by  Messrs.  Pendlebury  and 
Taylor's  party,  which  in  any  case  was 
the  first  to  traverse  the  crest  from  the 
Ostspitze  to  the  Dufourspitze.  But 
the  Dufourspitze  itself  had  been  over- 
come long  before,  for  on  July  31,  1855, 
Messrs.  G.  and  C.  Smyth,  Hudson, 
Birkbeck,  and  Stevenson,  with  Ulrich 
Lauener,  of  Lauterbrunnen,  Johannes 
z.  Taugwald,  and  two  other  Zermatt 
guides,  had  at  last  succeeded  in  finding 
the  true  way  up  it — by  leaving  the 
Silbersattel  far  to  the  N.E.  and  by 
gaining  the  Sattel,  whence  the  rocky 
ridge  was  climbed  to  the  highest  and 
W.  horn  of  the  final  crest.  This  is 
still  the  usual  way,  and  nowadays  it 
is  hard  to  conceive  that  it  was  never 
tried  till  1855,  as  it  was  successfully 
accomplished  at  the  very  first  time  of 
asking. 

From  the  upper  inn  on  the  Riffel 
the  mule  path  to  the  Gorner  gl.  is 
followed  to  that  ice  stream,  which 
is  then  crossed  to  the  Betemps  Club 
hut  (2,990  m.,  9,810  ft.),  at  the  base 
of  the  Plattje  rocks  (2 \  hrs. )  These 
rocks  are  then  ascended  without  any 
difficulty,  and  then  endless  snow 
slopes  beyond,  which  gradually  get 
steeper  as  the  Sattel  (4,354  m., 
14,285  ft. )  is  neared.    It  then  remains 


ROUTE  A.    ASCENTS  FROM  ZERMATT  505 


to  clamber  along  the  final  rocky  ridge 
on  the  E.,  which  offers  no  difficulties 
to  those  with  any  mountain  experi- 
ence, and  may  be  scaled  in  I  hr.  or 
less.  5-6  hrs.  thus  suffice,  in  the  case 
of  average  walkers,  for  the  ascent 
from  the  Betemps  hut,  but  fast 
climbers  will,  of  course,  take  far  less 
time.  The  view  from  the  summit  is 
very  extensive  indeed,  and  it  is  said 
that  in  clear  weather  the  cathedral  of 
Milan  can  be  distinguished  ;  but  as  a 
rule  there  are  light  vapours  on  the 
Italian  side,  which  spoil  that  bit  of 
the  view,  unless  the  summit  be 
reached  very  early  in  the  day.  The 
panorama  from  the  top  has  been 
drawn  by  Herr  X.  Imfeld,  and  is 
published  with  vol.  1 5  of  the  '  Jahr- 
buch '  of  the  Swiss  Alpine  Club. 
The  eye  plunges  from  the  summit  to 
an  extraordinary  depth  towards  the 
valley  of  Macugnaga,  thousands  of 
feet  below. 

It  is  a  pleasant  variation  for  good 
climbers  to  mount  by  the  rocky  S.W. 
rib  to  the  Sattel,  or  to  mount  from 
the  head  of  the  Grenz  gl.  by  a  steep 
rock  rib  direct  to  the  Dufourspitze. 
Those  interested  in  working  out  the 
history  of  the  mountain  will  like  to 
climb  up  from  the  Silbersattel  over 
the  Ostspitze  to  the  top  (ij  hr. ),  or 
to  join  that  route  by  climbing  from 
the  Grenzsattel  over  the  Grenzgipfel 
to  the  gap  on  its  W. 

The  ascent  of  the  Dufourspitze 
from  the  E.  or  Macugnaga  side  was 
one  of  the  boldest  feats  of  modern 
mountaineers.  It  was  first  accom- 
plished on  July  22,  1872,  by  Messrs. 
W.  M.  and  R.  Pendlebury  and  the 
Rev.  C.  Taylor,  with  Gabriel  Spech- 
tenhauser,  Ferdinand  Imseng,  and  G. 
Oberto.  The  party  bivouacked  on 
the  Jagernetzen  rocks  (5  hrs.  from 
Macugnaga),  then  mounted  direct  the 
formidable  ice  and  snow  slopes 
which  in  the  day  time  are  swept  by 
avalanches,  and  in  8  hrs.  gained  the 
base  of  the  rocks  leading  up  to  the 
highest  crest.  Traversing  successively 
the  Grenzgipel  and  the  Ostspitze,  the 
Dufourspitze  was  finally  gained.  A 


:  Club  hut  has  now  been  built  on 
the  Jagernetzen  rocks  (3,200  m. , 
10,499   ft-)  by  the   Italian  Alpine 

I   Club.    It  is  called  the  Marinelli  hut, 

;  from  an  unfortunate  climber  who 
perished  in  an  avalanche  while  trying 
the  ascent  from  this  side.  It  cannot 
be  too  strongly  impressed  on  the 
minds  of  our  readers  that  this  side  of 
the  mountain,  though  offering  no 
serious  climbing  difficulties,  is  ex- 
tremely dangerous,  by  reason  of 
avalanches  which  fall  continually, 
j  Those  who  undertake  this  route 
!  should,  therefore,  consider  themselves 
favoured  by  great  good  luck  should 
they  meet  with  no  misfortune.  The 
Marinelli  hut  can  be  used  for  several 
similarly  dangerous  climbs — the  ascent 
to  the  Silbersattel,  or  to  the  Grenz- 
sattel (also  called  Zumsteinsattel),  or 
to  the  Colie  Gnifetti,  or  direct  up  the 
Nord  End.  But  none  of  these  ex- 
peditions can  be  recommended  to 
mountaineers  who  consider  that  their 
craft  is  based  on  something  more  than 
exposure  to  inevitable  and  unavoidable 
danger. 

(ii. )  The  Nord  End.  — This  summit 
was  reached  for  the  first  time  in  1861, 
by  Sir  T.  F.  and  Mr.  E.  N.  Buxton 
and  Mr.  J.  J.  Cowell.  It  is  best 
attained  by  way  of  its  N.  W.  buttress, 
but  is  also  accessible  by  a  sharp  ridge 
from  the  Silbersattel.    By  the  last- 

I  named  route  it  is  possible  to  combine 
the  ascent  with  that  of  the  Dufour- 

!   spitze  in  one  day. 

(hi.  )  The  Zumsteinspitze. — Like  all 

I  but  one  of  the  points  to  the  S . ,  this  peak 
was  first  gained  from  the  S.  by  way  of 

I  the  great  snowy  plateau  N.  of  the 
Lysjoch,  by  Herren  Zumstein,  Moli- 
natti,  and  A.  and  J.  N.  Vincent,  in 
1820.  The  ascent  from  the  Regina 
Margherita  Club  hut  takes  about  1  hr. 
There  is  still  an  iron  cross  on  the 
summit,  left  by  Zumstein,  while  his 
initials  and  those  of  the  two  Vincents 
are  still  seen  carved  in  the  rock, 
(iv. )  The  Signal  Kiippe  or  Punt  a 

\   Gnifetti. — After  several  unsuccessful 

I  attempts  Signor  Gnifetti,  the  cure  of 

I  Alagna,  at  last  attained  this  summit 


506        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.   MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


in  1842,  and  hence  his  name  was  j 
given  to  it.    Close  to  the  top,  on  the 
Italian  side,  is  the  Regina  Margherita  1 

Club  hut  (prices  very  high),  built  by 
the  Italian  Alpine  Club,  and  named 
in  honour  of  the  Queen  of  Italy,  who 
has  visited  it,  Two  men  reside  in 
this  all  summer.  The  view  from  the 
summit  is  unusually  fine.  This  sum- 
mit can,  of  course,  be  easily  reached 
from  the  Riftel  (as  was  first  done  in 
1861  by  Messrs.  F.  F.  Tuckett,  C.  H. 
and  W.  J.  Fox)  on  the  way  over  to 
the  Col  d?01en  inn.  6  hrs.  suffice  for  ! 
the  ascent  from  the  latter  inn. 

(v.)  The  Parrotspitze. — Dr.  Fre-  ! 
deric  Parrot,  in  181 7,  made  a 
journey  round  the  S.  side  of  Monte 
Rosa,  in  order  to  determine  the  lowest 
limit  of  eternal  snow,  and  his  name 
has  been  given  to  this  hump,  which 
is  easily  accessible  from  either  the 
Sesiajoch,  on  the  N.E. ,  or  the 
Lysjoch,  on  the  W.  It  was  first 
visited  by  Messrs.  Macdonald, 
Grove,  and  Woodmass,  in  1863. 

(vi.)  The  Ludwigsh&ke. — Another 
explorer  of  the  group,  Ludwig, 
Baron  v.  Welden,  made  the  first 
ascent  of  this  snowy  point  in  1822, 
and  his  name  was  rightly  given  to 
it,  as  he  published  in  1824  the  first 
monograph  on  the  Monte  Rosa 
group.  The  climb  up  from  the 
gap  between  the  peak  and  the 
Schwarzhorn  takes  \  hr.  by  snow 
slopes. 

(vii. )  The  Schwarzhorn. — The  ex- 
act position  of  this  point  was  long  un- 
certain, though  it  actually  stands  on 
the  main  ridge.  Hence  it  was  not 
ascended  till  1873,  when  Baron  v. 
Rothschild  and  the  Marchese  Marco 
Maglioni  went  up  it.  It  is  accessible 
in  a  short  -J  hr.  by  snow  and  rocks 
from  the  gap  between  it  and  the 
Ludwigshbhe. 

(viii. )  The  Vincent  Pyramids. — 
Besides  Zumstein,  other  Gressoney 
men  took  part  in  the  early  explora- 
tions on  the  S.  side  of  Monte  Rosa, 
the  Vincents.  So  after  J.  N.  Vincent 
had,  in  18 1 9,  first  climbed  this  peak, 
his  family  name  was   most  appro- 


priately given  to  it.  From  the 
Gnifetti  hut  the  ascent  takes  2  hrs.  > 
the  usual  route  making  a  circuit  and 
finally  mounting  the  snowy  N.  face. 

(ix. )  The  Balmenhom.  — Few  sum- 
mits have  given  topographers  more 
trouble  than  this  comparatively  small 
point.  It  is  clear  now  that  it  is  a 
rocky  crest  rather  W.  of  the  ridge 
between  the  Schwarzhorn  and  the 
Vincent  Pyramide.  It  can  be  climbed 
in  5  min.  by  rocks  from  the  snow 
field  between  it  and  the  Vincent 
Pyramide,  and  was  probably  first 
attained  by  Signori  Pedretti  and 
Ma-riotti,  in  1875. 

(x. )  The  Punta  Giordani. — This 
point  too  takes  its  name  from  its 
first  conqueror ,  Dr.  Pietro  Giordani, 
of  Alagna,  who  climbed  it  in  1801, 
this  being  the  first  recorded  occasion 
on  which  any  peak  of  the  Monte  Rosa 
cluster  was  scaled.  It  is  accessible  in 
3  hrs.  from  the  Col  d'Olen  inn  by 
the  Indren  gl. ,  or  from  the  Gnifetti 
Club  hut  by  any  of  the  three  ridges 
which  join  to  form  the  peak. 

It  appears  probable  that  a  quick 
walker  starting  from  the  Col  d;01en 
inn  might,  with  good  snow,  climb  in 
succession  all  the  S.  peaks  of  Monte 
Rosa  up  to  the  Punta  Gnifetti,  where 
he  could  spend  the  night  ;  next  day 
it  would  be  practicable  to  continue 
this  splendid  excursion,  ending  at  the 
Dufourspitze,  or  even  the  Nord  End, 
and  gaining  the  Riftel  that  night.  If 
the  start  were  made  from  the 
Gnifetti  Club  hut  a  good  climber 
might  take  all  the  summits  up  to  the 
Zumsteinspitze,  and  yet  gain  the 
Riftel  the  same  night. 

(b)  The  Lyskamm. — The  greatest 
of  the  tributary  glaciers  flowing  from 
the  mass  of  Monte  Rosa  is  the  Grenz 
gl. ,  descending  from  the  central 
plateau  between  the  Dufourspitze  and 
the  Lyskamm.  At  the  head  of  this 
gl.  is  the  Lysjoch  (Rte.  D),  and  it 
was  hence  that  the  first  ascent  of 
this  peak  was  made  in  1861  by  a 
large  party,  headed  by  the  Rev. 
J.  F.  Hardy.  The  climb  takes  about 
3  hrs.  and  is  not  difficult,  but  the  ridge 


ROUTE  A.    ASCENTS  FROM  ZERMATT 


5o7 


is  very  often  heavily  corniched,  so 
that  very  great  care  should  be  taken. 
The  summit  may  also  be  attained 
from  the  Felikjoch,  on  the  W.,  by  a 
very  long  and  in  part  narrow  arete. 
But  Messrs.  C.  E.  Mathews  and 
Morshead  in  1867  showed  that  the 
easiest,  safest,  and  most  direct  route  is 
by  way  of  the  rocky  S.  W.  ridge,  which 
may  be  gained  either  from  the  head 
of  the  Felik  gl.  or  from  the  Lys  gl. 
by  a  traverse  (6  hrs.  up  from  the 
Quintino  Sella  Club  hut).  An  even 
shorter  route  is  by  the  S.  arete  (4  hrs, 
from  the  Gnifetti  hut). 

(c)  The  Zwi Hinge,  or  Twins. — 
These  are  two  snowy  points,  also 
called  the  Weisse  Bruder.  The 
higher  and  more  southerly,  Castor, 
is  accessible  from  the  Felikjoch  in 
I  hr.  (or  in  ijhr.  from  the  Zwillings- 
joch).  The  lower  and  more  nor- 
therly, Pollux,  may  be  gained  by  its 
S.W.  ridge  in  \\  hr.  from  the 
Schwarzthor,  or  in  1  hr.  from  the 
Zwillingsjoch.  They  can  easily  be 
climbed  together  in  one  not  very 
long  day  from  the  Riffel  and  back,  or 
on  the  way  from  the  Riffel  to  Fiery 
or  Gressoney,  Pollux  being  taken 
first. 

(d)  The  Matterhorn. — This  is  now 
the  accepted  Swiss  name  of  the  great 
Zermatt  peak,  and  is  taken  from  the 
4  Matten,'  or  meadows,  which  have 
also  given  their  name  to  the  village 
at  its  foot.  On  the  Italian  side  the 
mountain  is  called  4  Cervin,'  probably 
a  form  of  4  Sylvius. '  All  these  names 
were  originally  applied  to  the  St. 
Theodule  pass,  and  later  transferred 
to  the  great  peak  which  dominates  it. 
The  three  names  seem  to  be  first 
given  to  the  mountain  in  1804,  in 
4  Ebel's  '  Guide  Book.  Its  height  is 
4,505  m.  (14,781  ft.)  according  to 
the  Swiss,  and  4,482  m.  (14,705  ft.) 
according  to  the  Italian  engineers. 

The  history  of  the  successive  at- 
tempts to  vanquish  this  formidable 
peak,  and  of  the  catastrophe  that 
marked  the  first  victorious  attack,  is 
well  known  to  those  interested  in 
Alpine    adventure,   and   has  been 


graphically  told  in  Mr.  Whymper's 
classical  work,  4  Scrambles  amongst 
the  Alps'  ( 1st  edition,  1871  ;  4th  and 
definitive  edition,  1893).  The  first  com- 
plete ascent  on  the  Swiss  side  was  made 
on  July  14,  1865,  by  Mr.  Whymper, 
Rev.  C.  Hudson,  Lord  F.  Douglas, 
and  Mr.  Hadow,  with  Michel  Crozand 
the  two  Taugwalders  ;  but,  save  Mr. 
Whymper  and  the  two  Taugwalders, 
all  the  party  perished  on  the  descent, 
owing  to  a  slip  on  the  iced  final  slope. 
Three  days  later  the  first  ascent  from 
the  Italian  side  was  made  by  a  party  of 
men  from  the  Val  Tournanche.  In 
1867  Mr.  F.  Craufurd  Grove  made 
the  3rd  ascent,  climbing  up  on  the 
Italian  side,  but  finally  traversing  a 
very  difficult  shelf  (the  4  galerie ') 
across  the  W.  face  of  the  peak  to  the 
N.W.  arete.  In  1868  the  Rev.  J. 
M.  Elliott,  with  Peter  Knubel,  made 
the  first  ascent  on  the  Swiss  side  since 
the  accident,  and  a  few  days  later  the 
late  Prof.  Tyndall  (one  of  the  earliest 
and  most  persevering  explorers  of  the 
mountain)  ascended  on  the  Italian 
side  and  descended  on  the  Swiss  side. 
The  same  year  Signor  F.  Giordano 
made  geological  observations  on  the 
occasion  of  his  traverse.  He  has 
shown  that,  although  in  great  part  crys- 
talline in  structure,  the  rocks  exhibit 
a  very  regular  structure-like  stratifica- 
tion, and  that,  about  mid-height,  a 
mass  of  gabbro,  1,600  ft.  in  thickness, 
and  conspicuous  on  the  W.  side, 
takes  the  place  of  talcose  gneiss  on 
the  E.  face  of  the  mountain.  In  1871 
an  English  lady  gained  the  summit  by 
the  Swiss  route,  and  later  in  the 
same  year  an  American  lady  traversed 
the  peak  from  Switzerland  to  Italy. 
Ascents  by  either  route  are  now  very 
frequent  during  the  summer,  and 
good  climbers  have  not  only  succeeded 
in  climbing  the  peak  in  a  single  day 
from  either  Zermatt  or  Breuil,  but 
have  passed  from  one  place  to  the 
other  in  the  day.  Difficult  and  dan- 
gerous routes  have  also  been  forced 
up  from  the  Z'Mutt  gl.  by  the  W. 
face,  and  by  the  N.W.  ridge. 

(i. )  The  Swiss  Route. — Under  or- 


5c8       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.   MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


dinary  circumstances  this  way  offers 
no  great  difficulties  save  to  an  in- 
experienced climber.  It  is  usual  to 
spend  the  night  in  the  lower  hut, 
3,298  m.,  10,821  ft.  (4  hrs.  from 
Zermatt) j  unless  the  Schwarzsee  Hotel 
be  preferred.  Beyond,  there  is  some 
danger  of  falling  stones  (particularly 
in  the  afternoon),  while  getting  from 
the  snow  on  to  the  E.  face,  but  then 
the  latter  is  climbed  without  difficulty, 
past  the  abandoned  tipper  hut,  to  the 
'  shoulder,'  whence  the  rest  of  the 
climb  is  made  by  the  N.E.  ridge 
(leaving  to  the  r.  the  slope  on  which 
occurred  the  great  accident  of  1865), 
there  being  fixed  chains  and  ropes. 
4-5  hrs.  suffice  for  the  ascent  from 
the  lower  hut.  When  there  are 
several  parties  on  this  side  of  the 
peak  at  the  same  time  great  care 
must  be  taken  to  keep  together,  as  it 
is  easy  to  dislodge  stones,  by  which 
the  advance  parties  are  exposed  tc 
great  danger.  A  Rly.  from  Zermatt 
is  projected  up  this  side  of  the  peak. 

(ii. )  The  Italian  Route. — This  is  a 
harder  climb  than  the  former,  though 
many  ropes  have  been  fixed  on  the 
way,  but  it  is  safer,  as  there  are  no 
falling  or  loose  stones.  It  is  usual  to 
sleep  at  the  new  Luigi  di  Savoia 
Club  hut  (3,890  m.,  12,763  ft.),  at 
the  foot  of  the  '  Grande  Tour,' 
reached  in  6  hrs.  from  Breuil  by 
keeping  far  to  the  W.  of  the  couloir 
leading  up  to  the  Col  du  Lion,  and 
traversing  along  the  face  of  the  Tete 
du  Lion  (fixed  rope),  whence  steep 
rocks  lead  direct  to  the  Club  hut. 
Steep  rocks  lead  up  hence  to  the 
'  Cravate ' :  here  the  old  hut  (4, 122  m. , 
13,524  ft.)  lies  j-  hr.  out  of  the 
way  on  the  r.  Next  the  end  of 
the  great  S.W.  buttress,  the  Pic 
Tyndall,  is  gained,  and  a  nearly 
level  ridge  traversed  to  the  gap  at  the 
foot  of  the  last  precipitous  rocks. 
These  are  scaled  by  a  series  of  fixed 
ropes  and  a  short  ladder,  and  so  the 
summit  reached  in  4-5  hrs.  from  the 
new  Club  hut. 

The  prospect  from  the  summit  of 
the  Matterhorn  is  very  extensive,  and 


has  been  photographed  by  Signor 
Vittorio  Sella.  It  extends  to  the 
Viso  and  the  Dauphine  peaks,  while 
Zermatt  itself  is  but  a  speck  far 
:  below. 

(e)  The  Dent  dHerens. — This  as- 
cent from  the  Zermatt  side  by  way  of 
the  Tiefenmattenjoch  is  very  danger- 
ous, and  the  peak  is  best  taken  from 
the  head  of  the  Valpelline  (§  19. 
Rte.  E),  though  it  may  also  be 
gained  from  Breuil  (Rte.  B.  below). 

(/)  The  Dent  Blanche.— -Of  all 
the  peaks  round  Zermatt  this,  perhaps, 
save  under  exceptional  circumstances, 
is  the  most  consistently  difficult.  It 
is  usually  climbed  (since  the  destruc- 
tion of  the  Club  hut  on  the  Stockje) 
in  6-7  hrs.  from  a  bivouac  on  the 
Schonbiihl  promontory,  near  the  head 
of  the  Z'Mutt  gl.  (see  §  19.  Rte.  H.), 
or  in  5-6  hrs.  from  the  new  Club  hut 
on  the  S.  Col  de  Bertol  (§  19.  Rte.  C.) 

[g]  The  Ober  Gabelhorn. — This 
splendid  peak  (4,073  m.,  13,364  ft.) 
was  not  conquered  till  1865,  when  it 
was  gained  from  the  Zermatt  side  by 
Messrs.  A.  W.  Moore  and  H.  Walker, 
followed  next  day  by  Lord  F.  Douglas, 
who  scaled  it  from  the  Zinal  side. 
At  least  6  routes  have  now  been  dis- 
covered to  its  summit,  and  this  gives 
it  an  exceptional  position  among 
Alpine  summits.  That  most  usually 
taken  is  by  the  N.E.  arete.  The 
best  starting  point  is  the  inn  in  the 
Trift  gorge.  Thence  the  Gabelhorn 
gl.  is  mounted  and  the  N.E.  arete 
(often  heavily  corniched)  gained  just 
at  the  foot  of  the  final  peak.  The 
climb  takes  6-7  hrs.  from  the  inn. 
Sometimes  the  rocky  E.  face  is  tra- 
versed to  the  N.E.  ridge,  but  it  is 
better  to  gain  that  ridge  direct. 

(h)  The  Zinal  or  Homing*  Both- 
j   horn. — As  indicated  in  §  19.  Rte.  I, 

this  summit  (4,223  m. ,  13,856  ft.) 
was  first  attained,  from  the  Zinal  side, 
in  1864,  but  it  was  only  in  1872  that 
Messrs.  C.  T.  Dent  and  Passingham 
succeeded  in  forcing  a  way  up  from 
the  Zermatt  side.  Nowadays  the 
Zermatt  route  has  become  the  chief 
mode  of  access,  and  the  ascent  is 


ROUTE  A.    ASCENTS  FROM  ZERMATT 


509 


perhaps  the  most  popular  among 
those  at  Zermatt,  save  that  of  the 
Matterhorn.  It  is  an  easier  climb 
than  those  of  the  Matterhorn  and 
Weisshorn,  and  is  often  made  even 
by  active  beginners.  From  the  Trift 
inn  the  S.E.  ridge  is  gained  by  the 
Eseltschuggen  rocks  and  a  long  snow 
slope,  and  then  followed  to  its  junction 
with  the  main  mass  of  the  mountain. 
A  traverse  across  the  S.  face  leads  to  a 
notch  in  the  S.  ridge,  at  the  base  of 
the  final  rocks,  which  are  scaled 
mainly  by  a  long  crack.  5-6  hrs. 
suffice  from  the  inn.  It  is  a  pleasant 
variation  to  traverse  the  peak  to  the 
Mountet  Club  hut,  on  the  Zinal  side. 

(2)  The  Weisshorn. — This  summit 
(4,512  m.,  14,804  ft.)  is  perhaps  the 
most  beautifully  sharp  and  symmetrical 
of  the  pyramidal  peaks  of  the  Alps, 
but  its  ascent,  though  long  feared,  is 
rather  laborious  than  difficult,  at  least 
by  the  usual  route  along  the  E.  arete. 
It  is  formed  by  the  intersection  of  a 
main  N.  and  S.  ridge  with  another 
that  descends  towards  Randa  on  the 
E.  The  N.E.  and  S.E.  faces  of  the 
pyramid,  as  well  as  the  upper  parts 
of  the  three  ridges  leading  to  the  top, 
are  mainly  formed  of  hard-frozen 
snow.  On  the  W.  side  the  pyramid 
is  broken,  and  displays  those  vast 
precipices  that  present  so  grand  an 
aspect  from  the  heights  above  Zinal. 
The  honour  of  making  the  first  ascent 
fell  to  the  late  Prof.  Tyndall,  who 
achieved  it  in  1861,  with  Ulrich 
Wenger  and  J.  J.  Bennen,  and  has 
given  a  narrative  of  the  expedition 
in  his  genial  little  volume  entitled 
?  Mountaineering  in  1861.'  The 
second  ascent  was  made  in  1862  by 
Mr.  Leslie  Stephen.  The  lower  two- 
thirds  of  the  E.  arete  are  formed  of 
successive  teeth  of  rock  which  start 
out  of  steep  snow  slopes,  seamed  by 
couloirs  of  ice.  The  earlier  ascents 
were  made  by  a  dangerous  traverse 
across  the  gullies  on  the  S.  face  of 
the  E.  arete,  but  it  has  now  been 
found  better  to  keep  along  the  crest 
of  the  ridge  itself.  The  final  snow 
ridge  is  sharp,  and  ends  abruptly  on 


I.  on  the  edge  of  precipices  of  which 
Mr.  Stephen  says,  '  I  have  never  seen 
more  fearful  cliffs. '  The  summit  is  a 
solid  angle  of  frozen  snow,  ending  in 
a  point,  the  three  ridges  of  the 
mountain  here  meeting.  For  this 
ascent  it  is  necessary  to  bivouac  on 
the  Hohlicht  slopes,  3  hrs.  above 
Randa ;  thence  the  ascent  takes 
usually  about  6  hrs. ,  but  can  be  done 
in  less. 

The  peak  has  also  been  scaled  by 
the  great  W.  face,  by  the  S.  arete 
from  the  Schallijoch,  and  by  the 
great  N.E.  face  and  N.  ridge  from  the 
Bies  gl.,  but  all  these  routes  are 
difficult  and  dangerous  in  varying 
degrees,  and  cannot  be  recommended 
for  general  adoption. 

(k)  The  Mischabelhorner.—  This 
is  the  loftiest  of  all  the  ridges  round 
Zermatt,  next  after  that  of  Monte 
Rosa  itself.  It  is  crowned  by  two 
pointed  summits  (visible  from  Zermatt 
itself)  of  nearly  equal  height  :  the 
N.  summit  is  the  Do??i  (4,554  m., 
14,942  ft.),  the  highest  peak  in  Swit- 
zerland after  the  Dufourspitze,  and 
the  S.  one  is  the  Tdschhorn  (4,498  m. , 
14,758  ft.)  Between  them  is  the 
lofty  Do??ijoch  (4,286  m.,  14,062  ft.) 
These  two  summits  and  the  ridges 
N.  and  S.  of  them  are  sometimes 
called  the  Saasgrat.  The  ridge  con- 
tinues N.E.  from  the  Dom,  and  at 
Siidlenzspitze  (4,300  m.,  14,108  ft.) 
sends  off  a  great  buttress  to  the  N.  W. , 
which  is  crowned  by  the  Nadelhorn 
(4,334  m.,  14,220  ft.)  and  the  Hoh- 
berghom  (4,226  m.,  13,865  ft.)  This 
buttress  divides  the  Hohberg  gl.  from 
the  extensive  Ried  gl.,  and  is  often 
called  the  Nadelgrat ;  its  higher 
points  may  be  climbed  from  the 
Randa  side,  but  are  more  usually 
ascended  from  Saas,  and  so  may  be 
considered  in  Rte.  O.  below.  The 
Dom  was  first  ascended  in  1858  by 
the  Rev.  J.  LI.  Davies,  who,  with  the 
Rev.  J.  W.  Hay  ward,  was  also  the 
conqueror,  in  1862,  of  the  Taschhorn. 
The  usual  starting  point  for  the  Dom 
(as  well  as  for  the  Nadelgrat,  if  climbed 
from  this  side)  is  now  the  new  Festi 


5io       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.   MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


Club  hut  (2,936  m.,  9,633  ft.),  on  the 
r.  bank  of  the  Festi  gl.,  which  flows 
due  W.  from  the  desired  peak  (3  hrs. 
from  Randa).  Hence  a  gap  in  the 
ridge  dividing  the  Festi  and  Hohberg 
gls.  is  gained,  and  then  this  ridge 
followed  to  the  top,  which  may  also 
be  gained  by  the  great  snowy  N.  face. 
By  neither  route  is  any  serious  diffi- 
culty encountered.  6-7  hrs.  are 
required  from  the  Club  hut.  The 
view  from  the  summit  is  considered 
by  Mr.  Stephen  (who  made  the 
second  ascent)  as  '  the  very  finest  in 
the  Alps,'  and  this  opinion  has  been 
confirmed  by  many  other  competent 
iudges.  The  ascent  of  the  Dom  from 
Saas  by  the  E.  face  is  difficult,  and 
very  dangerous  by  reason  of  falling 
stones.  Active  climbers  may,  how- 
ever, follow  the  ridge  from  the  Dom 
across  to  the  Taschhorn,  and  descend 
to  the  Zermatt  valley  by  the  Domjoch 
(this  is  a  magnificent  climb  in  fine 
weather) ;  or  may  first  take  the  Tasch- 
horn from  the  Mischabeljoch  and 
then  the  Dom. 

The  Taschhorn  is  less  easy  of 
access.  It  is  necessary  to  bivouac 
under  a  rock  near  the  end  of  the 
Kien  gl.  (3  hrs.  from  Randa),  and 
then  to  make  a  way  up  the  N.  arm  of 
that  gl.  to  its  head,  whence  a  steep 
climb  up  snow  or  ice  slopes  leads  to  a 
high  gap  in  the  S.W.  arete,  by  which 
the  ascent  is  completed  (6-7  hrs.  from 
the  bivouac).  The  summit  may  also 
be  gained  from  the  Tasch  alp  inn,  or 
the  Mischabeljoch,  by  the  long  and 
usually  heavily-corniched  S.E.  ridge, 
while  the  climb  up  the  E.  face  from 
Saas  is  very  steep,  though  not  as 
dangerous  as  that  of  the  Dom  from 
the  same  side. 

(/)  The  Alphubel,  the  Allalinhorn, 
and  the  Strahlhorn  may  all  be  made 
the  object  of  a  visit  from  Zermatt, 
but  are  usually  climbed  on  the  way 
over  one  or  other  of  the  passes  to  the 
Saas  valley,  and  may  best  be  de- 
scribed in  connection  with  these 
(Rte.  O.  below). 

(m)  The  Rimpfischhorn.  —  This 
summit,  too,  may  be  gained  from 


either  of  the  passes  between  which  it 
lies,  but,  though  the  view  thence 
over  Piedmont  is  perhaps  not  so  fine 
as  from  the  slightly  lower  Strahlhorn, 
it  is  more  frequently  ascended  direct 
from  Zermatt,  and  so  may  best 
find  a  place  among  the  ascents  from 
Zermatt.  The  first  ascent  was  made 
by  Messrs.  Leslie  Stephen  and 
Liveing  in  1859.  The  start  may  be 
made  from  either  of  the  inns  on  the 
RifYel,  but  now  most  conveniently 
from  the  little  inn  on  the  Fluh  alp, 
2.\  hrs.  above  Zermatt.  Thence  the 
long  ridge  of  the  Rimpfischivcinge, 
projecting  far  to  the  W.  from  the 
peak,  is  easily  gained,  and  followed  to 
the  foot  of  the  final  rocks,  the  climb 
up  which  seems  more  formidable 
from  a  distance  than  it  is  in  reality. 
5-6  hrs.  are  required  for  the  ascent 
from  the  Fluh  alp.  Good  climbers 
will  find  it  an  interesting  rock  climb 
of  3  hrs.  from  the  Adler  Pass,  or  of 
5  hrs.  from  the  Allalin  Pass. 

In  bringing  to  an  end  this  brief 
sketch  of  the  chief  excursions  and 
ascents  round  Zermatt,  it  may  be  as 
well  to  add  that  a  very  favourite  and 
easy  excursion  is  to  the  summit  of  the 
St.  Theodule  Pass  (described  in  the 
next  Rte.),  whether  the  ascent  of  the 
Breithorn  be  combined  with  it  or  not. 


Route  B. 

ZERMATT  TO  CHATILLON  BY  THE  ST. 
THEODULE  PASS.  ASCENTS  FROM 
BREUIL. 

The  St.  Theodule  is  one  of  the 

most  frequented,  and  in  fine  weather 
one  of  the  easiest,  glacier  passes  in 
the  Alps.  Mules  may  sometimes  be 
taken  across  from  Zermatt  to  Breuil, 
and  in  any  case  go  on  the  Swiss  side 
nearly  as  far  as  the  lower  inn,  and  on 
the  Italian  side  up  to  the  foot  of  the 
gl.  The  short  bit  of  gl.  on  the 
Italian  side  is  easy ;  the  longer  gl. 


ROUTE  B.    ZERMATT  TO  CHATILLON 


on  the  Swiss  side  is  also  quite  easy, 
but  large  concealed  crevasses  do 
often  occur,  so  that  the  rope  should 
never  be  neglected,  however  unneces- 
sary it  may  seem  ;  and  though  good 
climbers  may  dispense  with  a  guide, 
yet  they  should  never  go  less  than 
three.  Accidents  of  a  fatal  kind 
have  followed  on  the  neglect  of  these 
obvious  precautions.  The  inn  on  the 
summit  of  the  pass  has  been  much 
improved  of  late,  and  is  used  as  a 
starting  point  by  those  who  wish  to 
secure  an  unclouded  view  from  the 
Breithorn.  Ascending  from  Zermatt 
3  hrs.  suffice  to  reach  the  lower  inn, 
and  I  hr.  more  to  gain  the  pass, 
whence  it  is  an  easy  2  hrs.  down  to 
Breuil ;  in  the  reverse  direction 
reckon  3  hrs.  up  from  Breuil  and 
2§-3  hrs.  for  the  descent  to  Zermatt. 

There  is  no  certain  evidence  that 
the  Theodule  was  known  to  the 
Romans,  but  it  was  certainly  tra- 
versed in  the  Middle  Ages.  The 
first  distinct  mention  of  it  is  by 
^Egidius  Tschudi  in  his  treatise  *  De 
prisca  ac  vera  Alpina  Rhaetia  '  (1538), 
who  calls  it  '  Mons  Gletscher. '  Other 
sixteenth -century  topographers  give 
it  also  the  names  of  '  Mons  Matter,' 
'  Mons  Sylvius, '  and  '  the  pass  to 
Aosta. '  The  two  former  names  were 
gradually  transferred  to  the  great  peak 
on  the  W.,  though  the  pass  is  still 
sometimes  called  Matterjoch.  One 
or  two  writers  even  call  it  '  Mont 
Rose 9  (roese  =  glacier).  But  it  is  better 
known  as  the  St.  TheodiUe,  from  a 
great  wooden  statue  of  that  saint 
(the  first  bishop  of  Sion  and  the 
patron  saint  of  the  Vallais)  which 
existed  there  at  the  end  of  the  seven- 
teenth century,  about  the  time  when 
a  redoubt  was  thrown  up  on  the  pass 
by  order  of  the  duke  of  Savoy  then 
(1688)  seeking  to  prevent  the  Wal- 
densians  from  re-entering  their  native 
valleys  near  Turin. 

The  mule  track  from  Zermatt 
passes  along  the  I.  bank  of  the  Visp, 
crosses  the  stream  from  the  Z'Mutt 
gl.  by  the  second  or  higher  bridge, 
and  beyond  the  Zum  See  huts  splits 


into  two  branches.  That  to  the  r, 
leads  to  the  Staffel  Alp.  The  way 
to  the  St.  Theodule  lies  up  the  /, 
branch,  and  at  the  next  bifurcation, 
a  little  above,  the  /.  branch  must  be 
again  taken  (the  r.  one  going  to  the 
Schwarzsee  inn).  The  ascent  has  now- 
become  steeper,  and  in  about  2  hrs, 
from  Zermatt  the  grassy  pastures  give 
way  to  the  moraines  of  the  Theodule 
gl.  and  the  smooth  rocks  below 
them.  The  mule  path  is,  however, 
taken  over  these  to  within  a  short 
distance  of  the  lower  inn,  on  the 
Leichenbretter  rocks. 

[Here  falls  in  the  route  for  pedes- 
trians only,  from  the  Riffel  inns — \  hr. 
shorter  than  that  from  Zermatt — 
which  crosses  the  Gorner  gl. ,  and 
then  mounts  along  the  E.  edge  of 
the  Leichenbretter  rocks.  J 

The  ascent  over  the  Theodule 
gl.  is  easy,  though  it  is  laborious 
after  a  fall  of  snow.  There  is 
usually  a  well-defined  track  over  it 
in  a  due  S.  direction,  which  leads  to 
the  rock  ridge  of  the  Col  (3,322  m., 
10,899  ft. )  5  minutes'  ascent  from  the 
snow  up  screes  is  the  inn.  On  about 
this  spot  Saussure  spent  3  days  in 
1792  in  a  temporary  shed,  making, 
during  his  stay,  the  first  ascent  of  the 
Klein  Matterhorn.  Meteorological 
observations  were  made,  at  the  ex- 
pense of  M.  Dollfus-Ausset,  of 
Basel,  in  the  inn  for  three  successive 
winters,  about  1865. 

[Mountaineers  may  take  a  shorter 
route  from  Zermatt  to  Breuil.  This 
is  the  Furggjock  (3,357  m. ,  1 1,014ft. ), 
at  the  very  foot  of  the  Matterhorn. 
It  is  the  most  direct  route  from  the 
Schwarzsee  Hotel.  On  the  Swiss 
side  the  Furgg  gl.  is  traversed,  and 
there  is  another  smaller  gl.  on  the 
Italian  side,  but  this  pass  presents 
no  real  difficulties.  So  much  cannot 
be  said  of  two  other  passes  between 
the  same  places.  These  lie  between 
the  Matterhorn  and  the  Dent 
d'Herens.  The  more  easterly  is  the 
Col  du  Lion  (3,577  m.,  11,736  ft.), 
the  ascent  to  which  on  the  Swiss 
side  is  by  an  excessively  difficult  and 


512       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20. 


MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


dangerous  couloir,  though  the  Italian 
side  is  perfectly  easy.  The  other  pass 
is  the  Col  de  Toiirnanche  (3,468  m. , 
11,378  ft.),  which  is  very  steep  and 
long  on  both  sides.] 

The  view  from  the  pass  may  be 
greatly  extended  in  the  direction  of 
the  Dent  Blanche,  &c. ,  by  climbing 
in  \  hr.  the  Theodulhorn  (3,472  m. , 
1 1,392  ft. ),  just  N.  of  the  pass.  A 
still  wider  prospect  may  be  obtained 
from  the  Klein  Matter  horn,  3,886  m. , 
12,750  ft.  (2  hrs.),  a  detached  peak 
of  bold  form  lying  a  little  S.  of  the 
ridge  connecting  the  Breithorn  with 
the  St.  Theodule.  This  is  most 
easily  gained  by  snow  slopes  on  its  S. 
side  from  the  route  to  the  Breithorn. 
The  Breithorn  (4,171  m.,  13,685  ft.) 
is,  however,  the  favourite  excursion. 
This  is  the  massive,  nearly  flat- 
topped  mountain  which  forms  the  W. 
end  of  the  chain  stretching  from  the 
Monte  Rosa  cluster  of  peaks.  On 
the  N.  side  it  presents  ranges  of 
dark  rocks  rising  above  steep  snow 
slopes  and  glaciers ;  it  can  be  as- 
cended on  this  side,  but  the  climb 
is  steep  and  rather  dangerous.  On 
the  S.  side  it  is  perfectly  easy  of 
access  (2J--3  hrs.  up  from  the  pass) 
by  a  continuous  snow  slope  of 
moderate  inclination  ;  but  the  snow 
is  exposed  to  the  southern  sun,  so 
that  it  soon  becomes  soft,  and  hence 
an  early  start  from  the  St.  Theodule 
inn  is  advisable.  The  first  ascent  of 
this  now  frequently  visited  moun- 
tain seems  to  have  been  made  by  a 
French  traveller,  M.  Henri  Maynard, 
in  18 1 3,  with  J.  M.  Couttet,  one  of 
Saussure's  guides,  who  had  been 
with  him  in  1792  on  the  neighbour- 
ing Klein  Matterhorn.  The  first 
English  traveller  who  is  known  to 
have  certainly  reached  the  summit 
is  Sir  John  Herschel,  whose  expedi- 
tion was  made  in  1821  or  1822,  for 
Lord  Minto's  ascent  appears  to  have 
taken  place  in  1830,  though  it  is 
sometimes  dated  in  18 18. 

[The  traveller  bound  from  the  St. 
Theodule  to  the  Ayas  glen  may  reach 
Fiery,  at  its  head,  in  3  hrs.  or  so, 


either  by  keeping  nearly  due  S.  from 
the  St.  Theodule,  and  crossing  a  gap 
N.  of  the  Col  des  Cimes  Blanches, 
or  by  bearing  due  S.  from  the  great 
snowy  plateau  just  S.  of  the  Breit- 
horn, and  going  down  the  E.  branch 
of  the  Aventina  gl.] 

In  descending  from  the  St. 
Theodule  on  the  Italian  side  the 
traveller  must  avoid  the  broad  smooth 
basin  of  neve  before  him,  and  bear 
well  to  the  right,  the  track  lying  for 
about  J  hr.  over  gl.  and  below  the 
remains  of  the  redoubt  of  1688.  At 
the  foot  of  the  gl.  a  good  new  mule 
path  leads  over  some  rocks,  and  then 
over  pastures  to  the  Hotel  du  Mont 
Cervin  (2,097  m.,  6,880  ft.),  now 
much  enlarged  and  very  good  head- 
quarters. This  is  often  said  to  be  at 
Breuil,  but  is  really  at  the  Jomein  or 
Giomein  huts,  the  true  Breuil  huts 
lying  in  the  basin  below  (2,004  m-> 
6,575  ft.},  and  having  a  small  inn  to 
themselves.  To  avoid  confusion, 
however,  the  Giomein  inn  will  in 
these  pages  continue  to  be  named 
Breuil. 

Breuil  is  an  excellent  station  for 
the  botanist,  who,  among  other  rare 
Alpine  plants,  may  find  Saponaria 
lutea,  Silene  vallesia,  Trifolium 
saxatz'le,  Potentilla  norvegica,  and 
P.  nivea. 

[A  very  fine  view  of  the  Matter- 
horn  may  be  gained  from  the  Motta 
di  Plete,  2,889  m->  9A79  ft-  (2  hrs., 
accessible  on  mule  back),  and  a  still 
better  one  from  the  Gran  Sometta 
(3,167  m.,  10,391  ft.),  on  the  E.,  a 
point  which  may  easily  be  climbed 
from  the  Col  des  Cimes  Blanches 
(described  in  Rte.  G)  on  the  way 
over  to  the  Ayas  glen.  J 

Mountaineers  will  find  many 
ascents  to  make  round  Breuil.  The 
chief,  of  course,  is  that  of  the 
Matterhorn,  described  in  Rte  A. 
3.  d.  The  Dent  d'flerens  (4, 180  m. , 
13,715  ft.)  can  be  gained  from  Breuil 
by  way  of  the  Col  des  Grandes 
Murailles,  on  its  S. ,  which  is  attained 
by  the  difficult  Mont  Tabel  gl.  in 
7-9  hrs.     A  harder  route  up  the 


ROUTE  B.    ZERMATT  TO  CHATILLON 


513 


peak  is  by  way  of  the  S.E.  and  E. 
ridges. 

[There  are  no  easy  passes  across  the 
jagged  line  of  peaks  stretching  S.  of 
the  Dent  d'Herens  till  beyond  the 
Chateau  des  Dames,  though  several 
high  gaps  have  been  traversed  by 
adventurous  climbers  seeking  routes 
from  the  head  of  the  Val  Tournanche 
to  that  of  the  Valpelline.  But  many 
of  the  peaks  on  this  lofty  ridge 
(enumerated  in  detail  in  §  19.  Rte. 
F)  offer  good  rock  climbs,  which  may 
best  be  undertaken  from  the  inn  at 
Breuil.  The  Pointe  des  Cors,  3,855 
m. ,  12,648  ft.  (8  hrs. ),  is  attained  from 
the  Cors  huts  by  a  route  always  bear- 
ing N.,  and  a  traverse  under  the 
Punta  Giordano.  The  Punt  a  Lioy 
(c.  4,000  m.,  13,124  ft.)  is  climbed 
in  11  hrs.  direct  up  the  face.  The 
gap  between  the  Jumeaux  de  Val- 
tournanche  can  be  reached  by  ascend- 
ing to  the  cliffs  under  the  Bee  de 
Guin,  and  then  bearing  N.  for  3  hrs. 
From  this  gap  either  of  the  Jumeaux 
(P.  Giordano,  3,873  m.,  12,707  ft., 
N.  peak;  P.  Sella,  3,860m.,  12,665 
ft.,  S.  peak)  can  be  ascended  in  \  hr. 
The  Bee  de  Guin,  3,805  m.,  12,484  ft. 
(7  hrs.),  is  gained  by  way  of  the 
Bayettes  huts,  a  traverse  1.  across  the 
rock  wall  to  the  ridge  S.  of  the  sum- 
mit, and  then  along  this  ridge.  By 
turning  S.  on  attaining  the  ridge  the 
Bee  de  Cretan  (3,637  m.,  11,933 
may  be  climbed.  The  Tour  de  Creto7i 
(3,583  m.,  11,756  ft.)  may  be  reached 
in  about  2  hrs.  from  the  lofty  Col  de 
Creton,  to  its  S.  For  the  ascent  of 
the  Chateau  des  Dames  and  its 
neighbours  see  §  19.  Rte.  F.J 

The  mule  track  below  Breuil  enters 
a  ravine  and  is  carried  along  a  steep 
slope  of  rock  to  the  little  chapel  of 
N.D.  de  la  Garde.  It  then  traverses 
a  green  basin,  below  which  the 
torrent  has  cut  a  very  deep  cleft 
through  the  serpentine  rock,  so 
narrow  that  in  some  places  the  op- 
posite walls  are  in  actual  contact. 
This  spot,  called  the  Gouffre  des 
Busserailles ,  has  been  made  accessible 
from  below  and  deserves  a  visit, 
I. 


which  well  rewards  the  slight  loss  of 
time  involved.  Lower  down  the 
path  crosses  the  torrent,  and  follows 
the  r.  bank  until,  after  returning  to 
the  other  bank,  a  short  ascent  leads  to 
the  principal  hamlet  in  the  valley, 

Paquier,  called  commonly  Val- 
tournanclie,  1,524  m. ,  5,000  ft.  (2  hrs, 
from  Breuil. )  The  view  hence  down  the 
valley,  closed  by  the  distant  peak  of  the 
Tersiva,  in  the  mountains  of  Cogne, 
is  extremely  fine. 

[The  ascent  of  the  Grand  Tour- 
nalin  (3,379  m.,  11,086  ft),  on  the 
E. ,  can  be  made  in  5  hrs. ,  there  being 
a  mule  path  to  the  summit,  on  which 
is  the  Carrel  Club  hut,  and  is  strcngly 
recommended,  as  the  panorama  is  su- 
perb. It  can  be  taken  on  the  way 
over  to  S.  Giacomo  d'Ayas  or  to  Fiery. 
For  the  ascent  of  the  Chateau  des 
Dames  and  its  neighbours  on  the  W. , 
and  for  the  passes  to  the  Valpelline, 
see  §  19.  Rte.  F,  and  for  the  passes  to 
the  Val  St.  Barthelemy  see  §  19. 
Rte.  G.  ad finj\ 

There  is  now  a  char  road  from  the 
village  all  the  way  to  Chatillon 
(11  m.)  After  descending  the  steep 
hill  on  which  stands  the  village  it 
passes  nearly  all  the  way  along  the  r. 
bank  of  the  torrent,  amidst  very 
beautiful  scenery,  the  chestnut  and 
walnut  trees  often  forming  a  frame- 
work for  the  Matterhorn,  which  is 
seen  on  looking  backward.  On  the 
way  some  extraordinary  remains  of  a 
fifteenth- century  aqueduct  may  be 
seen  high  up  on  the  face  of  the  rock 
on  the  r.,  built  to  supply  water  to 
the  hamlet  of  St.  Denis,  above  Cham- 
bave,  in  the  Dora  Baltea  valley. 
These  are  continued  at  intervals  for 
several  miles.  The  finest  portion 
consists  of  several  arches,  very  perfect, 
hanging  like  a  picture  against  a  nearly 
perpendicular  cliff,  several  hundred 
feet  above  the  valley,  opposite  the 
village  of  Antey.  Near  the  latter 
village  another  aqueduct  (thirteenth 
century)  on  the  1.  bank  of  the  valley 
leads  down  to  the  upper  slopes  above 
Chatillon  and  St.  Vincent,  this  too 
being  seen  in  part  from  the  valley 
L  L 


5 H        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20. 

road.  The  road  for  the  last  2  m. 
rises  Ingh  above  the  torrent,  but 
pedestrians  can  find  a  path  near  the 
stream,  leading  more  directly  to 
Chatillon.  (Those  who  are  bound 
from  Zermatt  to  the  valley  of  Ayasmay 
combine  the  finest  part  of  the  scenery 
of  the  Val  Tournanche  with  a  tolerably 
direct  route  to  the  former  valley  by 
crossing  the  Col  de  Portola  from 
Antey  to  Ayas,  Rte.  H. ) 

Chatillon  (551  m.,  1,808  ft.)  is  a 
large  village,  the  next  in  importance 
to  Aosta,  in  the  Dora  valley,  standing 
at  the  junction  of  the  Val  Tournanche 
with  the  Dora  Baltea  or  Aosta  valley. 
It  is  now  a  station  on  the  railway 
from  Ivrea  to  Aosta  ( 15  J  m.  from  the 
latter  city),  described  in  §  15.  Rte.  A. 
The  chief  objects  of  interest  at  Cha- 
tillon are  the  bridges.  A  Roman 
arch,  still  standing,  is  surmounted  by 
a  later  bridge,  which  in  its  turn  was 
superseded  by  the  modern  structure, 
a  single  arch,  boldly  thrown  across  at 
a  great  height  above  the  stream. 
Ruined  chateaux  on  the  heights  add 
to  the  picturesqueness  of  this  part  of 
the  wonderful  Aosta  valley. 


Route  C. 

ZERMATT  TOVERRES  BY  THE  SCHWARZ- 
THOR  AND  THE  VAL  D'AYAS. 

It  has  been  a  difficult  matter  to 
decide  how  the  valleys  radiating  from 
the  S.  and  E.  sides  of  the  range  of 
Monte  Rosa,  and  the  passes  connected 
with  them,  may  be  most  conveniently 
described.  Formerly  travellers,  se- 
lecting  either  the  higher  passes  nearest  1 
the  central  mass,  or  those  more  dis- 
tant  and  easier,  made,  either  partially 
or  completely,  the  circuit  of  the  entire 
group  included  in  the  present  Section. 
But  since  the  number  of  known  passes 
between  the  adjoining  valleys  has  been 
largely  increased,  and  mountaineers 
have  found  their  way  across  the  range  I 


MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 

of  Monte  Rosa  from  Zermatt  to  the 
head  of  each  of  the  four  principal  val- 
leys, over  what  was  long  deemed  an 
impassable  barrier,  the  number  of 
possible  routes  open  to  visitors  is  mul- 
tiplied to  an  extent  rather  inconvenient 
to  the  writer  of  a  guide-book.  In  this 
and  the  three  following  Rtes.  the 
passes  leading  from  Zermatt  across 
the  main  range  of  Monte  Rosa,  and 
the  course  down  each  of  these  four 
valleys  to  its  lower  extremity  (where 
a  railway  is  joined),  are  described, 
while  in  the  subsequent  Rtes.  are  in- 
cluded some  of  the  countless  passes 
lying  in  the  circuit  round  the  S.  and 
E.  sides  of  the  range.  As  the  passes 
to  be  described  in  Rtes.  C,  D,  E,  and 
F  are  among  the  highest  known  in 
the  Alps,  there  is  a  manifest  advantage 
in  taking  them  from  the  upper  Riffel 
inn,  though  the  Sesiajoch  is  so  diffi- 
cult that  it  is  better  to  ascend  it  from 
the  Italian  side. 

It  has  been  already  observed  that 
the  long,  nearly  flat-topped,  ridge  of 
the  Breithorn  presents,  towards  Zer- 
matt and  the  Gorner  gl.,  ranges  of 
very  steep  rocks.  On  its  E.  side  it  is 
separated  from  the  broken  masses  of 
rock  and  ice  that  descend  from  the 
Zwillinge  towards  the  Gorner  gl.  by 
the  Schwarze  gl. ,  which  expands 
gradually  in  width  as  it  descends  from 
the  crest  of  the  ridge,  and  is  usually 
broken  into  a  sort  of  giant  staircase 
by  broad,  parallel,  transverse  cre- 
vasses. This  is  bordered  on  the  E. 
side  by  a  range  of  nearly  vertical 
rocks,  facing  a  little  N.  of  E.,  at 
first  very  lofty,  but  diminishing  in 
height  as  the  gl.,  towards  its  source, 
approaches  the  ridge.  At  the  head 
of  this  gl.  there  is  a  small,  gently- 
sloping  plateau,  enclosed,  as  within  a 
black  gateway,  by  the  rocks  of  the 
Breithorn  and  of  Pollux,  the  N.W. 
summit  of  the  Zwillinge.  This  gate- 
way forms  the  pass  of  the  Schwarzthor, 
first  traversed  in  1845  by  Mr.  Ball, 
whose  vivid  description  of  his  passage, 
in  the  first  series  of  '  Peaks,  Passes, 
and  Glaciers,'  is  well  known.  The 
Gorner  gl.  is  gained  by  a  descent,  from 


ROUTE  C.    ZERMATT  TO  VERRES 


515 


the  Monte  Rosa  path  just  E.  of  the 
Riffelhorn,  and  crossed  to  the  foot  of 
the  ridge  descending  from  Pollux. 
Higher  up  the  crevassed  portion  of 
the  Schwarze  gl.  may  be  turned  by 
the  rocks  on  the  r.  bank,  but  not 
unfrequently  it  is  possible  to  ascend 
straight  up  from  its  foot.  5  hrs. 
suffice  from  the  Riffel  to  the  pass 
(3,741  m.,  12,274  ft.),  the  view  from 
which  is  limited  by  the  projecting 
rocks  of  the  Breithorn. 

[But  it  is  easy  to  obtain  a  fine 
panorama  by  climbing  Pollux  (4,094 
m.,  13,433  ft.)  by  its  S.W.  arete  or  S. 
face  (I \  hr.),  while  Castor  (4,230  m., 
13,879  ft. )  may  be  ascended  by  its  W. 
face  in  2  hrs.  from  the  Schwarzthor. 
The  two  may  thus  be  easily  combined 
in  the  same  excursion,  and  the  return 
made  by  the  Felikjoch,  Rte.  D, 
though  now  the  new  Club  hut  at  the 
N.  foot  of  Monte  Rosa  enables  the 
expedition  to  be  taken  even  better  in 
the  reverse  direction.  From  Castor 
it  is  perfectly  easy  to  go  down  due  S. 
in  2  hrs.  to  the  Quintino  Sella  Club 
hut  (3,601  m.,  11,815  ft.),  on  the 
ridge  between  the  Ayas  and  Lys 
valleys ;  see  Rte.  D.J 

On  the  Italian  side  it  is  necessary 
to  keep  at  first  to  the  1.  along  the  base 
of  Pollux,  and  then  to  bear  S.W.,  so 
as  to  gain  the  snow  at  the  W.  base  of 
the  great  rock  ridge  dividing  the  two 
arms  of  the  Verra  gl.  The  descent  is 
completed  by  the  1.  bank  of  the  W. 
arm  (the  E.  arm  is  practicable,  but 
harder),  and  so  the  highest  Verra  hut 
is  reached.  Some  way  beyond,  at 
the  meeting  point  of  the  two  branches 
of  the  Ayas  valley,  are  the  huts  of 
Fiery  (1,878  m.,  6,162  ft.),  where 
there  is  now  a  very  comfortable  and 
finely-situated  inn,  the  best  headquar- 
ters in  these  parts  (4  hrs.  from  the 
Schwarzthor).  (Hence  it  is  5-6  hrs. 
up  to  the  Quintino  Sella  Club  hut, 
mentioned  above,  while  the  passes  to 
the  neighbouring  Italian  valleys  are 
described  in  Rtes.  G  and  H. ) 

[In  1863  Mr.  S.  Winkworth  effected 
a  pass,  now  called  the  Zwillings  or 
Verra  Pass  (3,861  m.,  12,668  ft.), 


between  the  two  summits  of  the 
Zwillinge.  The  ascent  on  the  Swiss 
side,  by  the  Zwillings  gl.  and  an  ice 
slope,  is  much  steeper  than  that  to  the 
Schwarzthor,  while  on  the  Italian  side 
the  route  of  the  last-named  pass  is 
soon  joined.  Either  of  the  Zwillinge 
is  easily  accessible  in  i-i \  hr.  from 
this  pass,  which  may  serve  as  a  varia- 
tion on  the  Schwarzthor.  J 

Fiery  stands  at  the  junction  of  the 
torrents  from  the  Verra  gl.  and  of  the 
Aventina  gl. ,  the  united  stream  being 
called  Evancon,  a  name  spelt  in  dif- 
ferent ways.  The  dialect  of  the  in- 
habitants of  the  upper  part  of  the 
valley  is  rather  different  from  the 
usual  patois  of  the  tributary  glens  of 
the  Dora  Baltea  valley,  and  may  re- 
present an  early  form  of  Romance. 
f  hr.  below  Fiery  is  the  first  hamlet, 
S.  Jacques,  or  San  Giacomo  d^Ayas 
(1,676  m. ,  5,499  ft.)  Lower  down 
(char  road  all  the  way  to  Verres)  the 
scenery  is  very  beautiful,  and  deserves 
more  attention  from  English  travellers 
than  it  has  yet  received.  It  is  a  walk  of 
3  hrs.  more,  passing  about  half-way 
the  chief  village,  Ayas  (1,710  m., 
5,610  ft.),  and  the  vestiges  of  a  lake 
caused  by  a  great  landslip,  to  Brtisson 
(1,332  m.,  4,370  ft.),  a  finely-situated 
village  (with  a  good  mountain  inn)  on 
the  most  frequented  route  from  Aosta 
to  Gressoney  (see  Rte.  I).  (A  traveller 
bound  from  Fiery  to  Chatillon  by  the 
Col  de  Joux  need  not  descend  as  far 
as  Brusson,  but  may  find  a  path  which 
leaves  the  valley  higher  up. )  Below 
Brusson  the  valley  is  called  Val  Chal- 
lant.  It  is  3  hrs.  from  Brusson  to 
Verres,  beneath  the  fine  ruins  of  the 
castle  of  Graines,  and  past  several 
villages  of  Challant,  which  gave  their 
name  to  a  powerful  mediaeval  feudal 
dynasty,  the  lords  of  the  entire  Ayas 
valley.  It  is  said  that  the  inhabitants 
of  certain  villages  in  the  glen  held 
their  lands  by  the  quaint  tenure  of 
covering  with  earth  the  gl.  on  the 
Becca  Torche  (3,015  m.,  9,892  ft.), 
S.E.  of  Brusson,  so  that  the  com- 
plexions of  the  ladies  of  the  house  of 
Challant  might  not  suffer  from  the 

L  L  2 


516        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


glare  during  their  summer  sojourn  at 
their  castle  of  Graines. 

The  way  down  the  valley  is  through- 
out very  beautiful,  but  it  is  very  hot, 
and  many  cretins  and  goitred  persons 
are  seen,  though  not  in  such  large 
numbers  as  in  former  years.  Verres 
is  a  station  on  the  railway  from  Ivrea 
to  Aosta,  18  m.  from  Ivrea,  and  23^ 
m.  from  Aosta,  which  is  described  in 
§  15.  Rte.  A. 


Route  D. 

ZERMATT  TO  PONT  ST.  MARTIN  BY 
THE  LYSJOCH  AND  THE  VAL  DE  LYS. 

It  has  been  already  pointed  out 
(Rte.  A)  that  the  greatest  of  the 
tributary  glaciers  flowing  from  the 
mass  of  Monte  Rosa  is  the  Grenz  gl. , 
which  descends  from  the  great  snowy 
plateau  forming  the  central  portion  of 
that  group,  and  lying  between  the 
Dufourspitze  and  the  Lyskamm.  As 
it  is  well  seen  from  the  Gornergrat  it 
was  natural  that  soon  after  the  open- 
ing in  1854  of  the  inn  on  the  Riffel 
mountaineers  should  seek  a  way 
•across  the  ridge  at  the  head  of  this 
plateau  into  the  Val  de  Lys,  or 
Gressoney  valley.  This  was  success- 
fully achieved  in  1859  by  Messrs.  W. 
and  G.  S.  Mathews.  But  many  years 
previously  this  watershed  had  been 
reached  and  traversed,  though  the 
descent  to  the  Gorner  gl.  had  never 
before  been  made.  In  the  Val  de  Lys 
there  was  a  tradition  that  behind  the 
snowy  ranges  which  close  its  head 
there  was  a  '  lost  valley,'  and  it  was 
to  verify  this  that  in  1778  seven 
young  men  of  Gressoney,  led  by  N. 
Vincent,  set  out  on  an  adventurous 
quest.  This  party  gained  a  rocky 
tooth  just  W.  of  the  lowest  depression 
in  that  ridge  {\  hr.  W.  of  the  point 
crossed  by  the  route  of  the  Lysjoch), 
and  on  the  watershed.  This  was 
named  by  them  the  '  Discovery  Rock ' 


(' Entdeckungsfels '),  as  from  it  they 
looked  down  on  the  'lost  valley,' 
filled  in  its  higher  part  by  the  ice 
stream  of  the  Gorner  gl. ,  and  girdled 
by  a  long  line  of  savage  peaks  from 
the  Mischabelhorner  to  the  Dent 
Blanche.  Many  years  later  this  ridge 
was  traversed  to  the  great  snowy 
plateau  on  the  N.,  first  by  Zumstein 
and  J.  N.  Vincent  (son  of  the  hero  of 
1778),  in  1820,  when  on  their  way  up 
the  Zumsteinspitze,  and  later  in  1842 
by  Signor  Gnifetti,  on  his  way  to  the 
conquest  of  the  Signalkuppe  or  Punta 
Gnifetti,  not  to  mention  the  other 
expeditions  of  the  adventurers  before 
their  final  successes.  But  as  a  pass 
the  Lysjoch  was  discovered  and 
crossed  in  1859  only.  It  is  an  easy 
expedition,  but  is  very  laborious  if 
the  snow  is  soft,  so  that  an  early 
start  is  most  desirable,  io-ii  hrs. 
suffice  from  the  RifTel  to  Gressoney 
under  ordinary  circumstances. 

The  first  part  of  the  route,  as  far 
as  the  Betemps  Club  hut  on  the 
Plattje  rocks,  is  identical  with  that 
to  the  Dufourspitze  (2 \  hrs. )  The 
Grenz  gl.  may  be  ascended  without 
difficulty,  but  it  is  best,  when  high 
up,  to  make  a  bend  towards  the  E. , 
as  the  true  pass,  the  lowest  depression, 
is  defended  by  an  ice  precipice,  so 
that  the  ridge  must  be  crossed  at  the 
next  gap  to  the  E.,  between  a  snow 
dome  and  the  Parrotspitze.  On  the 
way  up  to  the  pass  the  traveller 
crosses  the  Grand  Plateau  of  Monte 
Rosa,  a  nearly  level  snow  tract,  more 
than  I  m.  in  breadth,  and  about 
4,200  m.  (13,780  ft.)  in  height,  the 
S.  peaks  of  Monte  Rosa  rising  round 
it  as  low  hills  of  snow,  broken  by 
projecting  rocks.  The  pass  is 
4,277  m.  (14,033  ft.),  and  commands, 
as  might  be  expected  from  its  great 
height,  a  glorious  view.  The  traveller 
looks  upon  the  great  plain  of  Pied- 
mont, enclosed  by  the  Ligurian 
Appennines,  and  the  curving  line  of 
the  Maritime  and  Cottian  Alps,  from 
which,  at  a  distance  of  nearly  100 
miles,  rises  the  noble  pinnacle  of  Monte 
Viso.    In  the  immediate  foreground 


ROUTE  D.    ZERMATT  TO  PONT  ST.   MARTIN  517 


is  the  broad  eastern  arm  of  the  Lys 
gl.,  bounded  on  the  r.  by  a  long 
spur  of  the  Lyskamm,  and  on  the  1. 
by  the  line  of  peaks  from  the  Parrot- 
spitze  to  the  Vincent  Pyramide. 

[From  the  pass  most  of  the  minor 
summits  of  Monte  Rosa,  from  the 
Parrotspitze  southwards,  can  be 
climbed  directly  in  1  hr.  or  less, 
while  the  Lyskamm  is  accessible  in 
3  hrs.  along  the  E.  arete,  on  which 
great  care  is  always  required,  as  it  is 
often  heavily  corniched.j] 

In  about  I  hr.  the  descent  is  made 
without  difficulty  by  the  E.  side  of 
the  E.  arm  of  the  Lys  gl.  to  the 
Gnifetti  Club  hut  (3,647  m.,  11,966 
ft.),  on  the  Hohlicht.  the  best  head- 
quarters for  all  expeditions  on  the  S. 
side  of  the  mass  of  Monte  Rosa. 

[Hence  there  is.  a  very  fine  view 
over  the  wide  E.  arm  of  the  Lys  gl., 
which  unites  with  the  W.  arm,  flow- 
ing from  between  the  Lyskamm  and 
Castor,  below  the  steep  rocky  pro- 
montory called  the  Nase.  This  is 
the  S.  end  of  the  great  S.  buttress  of 
the  Lyskamm,  and  its  highest  point 
is  3,719  m.  (12,202  ft.)  It  may  be 
easily  visited  from  the  Club  hut  by 
crossing  the  E.  arm  of  the  Lys  gl., 
and,  notwithstanding  its  great  height, 
produces  several  kinds  of  flowering 
plants.] 

[From  the  Gnifetti  hut  the  inn  on 
the  Col  d'Olen  can  be  reached  in  1 
hr.,  or  Alagna,  in  the  Sesia  valley, 
in  3  hrs.  ;  for  both,  the  Garstelet  and 
then  the  Indren  gls.  are  crossed  in  a 
S.E.  direction  to  the  Colle  delle 
Pisse.  To  gain  the  inn  hence  it  is 
necessary  to  keep  nearly  due  S.  by  a 
good  made  path,  while  if  bound  for 
Alagna  the  track  from  the  Colle 
delle  Pisse  is  followed  in  an  E.  di- 
rection down  the  Bors  glen  to  the 
main  Sesia  valley,  which  is  descended 
past  the  Pile  Alp  to  Alagna.  J 

\  hr.  below  the  Gnifetti  hut  is 
the  ruined  Linty  hut,  on  the  Unter- 
licht.  Hence  there  are  several  ways 
to  Gressoney  (3  hrs.  from  the  higher 
hut).  The  usual  way  descends  nearly 
due  S.  to  the  Lavetz  chalets,  a  little 


beyond  which  the  Col  d'Olen  mule 
rack  is  struck,  and  followed  past 
Orsia  to  Gressoney  La  Trinite,  but 
it  is  a  more  attractive  route  to  leave 
the  mule  track  at  the  first  Gabiet 
chalets,  and  descend  past  the  lake  of 
that  name  and  through  the  lateral 
!  glen  of  Netschio  direct  to  Gressoney 
La  Trinite.  It  is  also  possible  to  go 
S.W.  from  the  Linty  hut,  and  trar 
verse  the  Sahafui'ka  to  the  glen  of 
the  same  name,  by  which  the  Cortlis 
chalet  (2,007  m-i  6,585  fu)  is  at- 
tained, 

[In  1 86 1  Messrs.  W.  Mathews 
and  F.  W.  Jacomb  discovered  a 
lower  but  more  difficult  pass  from  the 
Riffel  to  the  Val  de  Lys,  which  can 
also  be  used  as  a  route  to  the  Ayas 
glen..  This  is  the  Felikjoch  (4,068m., 
13,347  ft.),  between  Castor  and  the 
Lyskamm.  The  ascent  from  the 
Riffel  across  the  Gorner  and  up  the 
crevassed  Zwillings  gl.  takes  about 
5 J  hrs.  From  the  pass  the  Lyskamm 
can  be  climbed  by  a  very  long  and  in 
part  narrow  arete,  while  Castor  can 
be  gained  in  1  hr.  by  an  easy  snow 
ridge,  and  is  worth  ascending  for  the 
very  fine  panorama  to  be  obtained 
from  the  summit.  The  point  at 
which  the  ridge  is  passed  lies  close  to 
the  £.  foot  of  Castor,  the  lowest  de- 
pression lying  farther  E.,  above  an 
ice  precipice  the  descent  of  which  by 
mistake  has  cost  one  party  their  lives. 
Thus  the  actual  line  which  must  be 
taken  does  not  lead  from  the  Zwil- 
lings to  the  Lys  gl.,  as  might  be 
expected,  but  from  the  Zwillings  gl. 
to  the  Felik  gl.,  near  the  ridge 
between  the  Lys  and  Ayas  valleys. 
On  this  ridge,  due  S.  of  Castor,  is 
the  Quintino  Sella  Club  hut  (3,601  m. , 
11,815  ft.),  gained  in  about  1  hr. 
from  the  pass  by  most  parties,  whether 
bound  for  Gressoney  or  Fiery,  unless 
those  bound  to  the  latter  village 
prefer  to  bear  S.W.  much  higher  up, 
and  go  down  the  narrow  Castor  gl. 
and  the  E.  side  of  the  E.  arm  of  the 
Verra  gl.  direct.  From  the  Club  hut 
Fiery  may  be  reached  in  3  hrs.  by 
descending  S.  towards  the  Bettliner 


Si?       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


Pass,  and  crossing  the  ridge  to  the 
N.  of  that  pass,  so  as  to  gain  the 
chalets  at  the  foot  of  the  Verra  gl. 
Travellers  bound  for  Gressoney  may 
gain  the  Cortlis  chalet  direct  from  the 
pass  by  going  from  the  Felik  gl.  by 
a  rocky  ravine  to  the  moraine  on  the 
r.  bank  of  the  Lys  gl.  From  the 
Club  hut,  however,  Gressoney  may 
be  more  conveniently  gained  by  going 
S.  to  the  Bettliner  Pass  track,  not  far 
from  that  pass,  and  then  following  it 
to  the  Cortlis  hut.  J 

This  chalet  commands  a  fine  view 
of  the  Lys  gl.  and  the  peaks  around 
it,  and  was  used  as  night  quarters  by 
some  of  the  early  explorers  of  this 
district ;  this  is  no  longer  possible 
without  permission  from  the  owner, 
M.  de  Peccoz,  and  its  place  has 
been  taken  by  the  Q.  Sella  Club  hut. 
(From  Cortlis  the  Telchenhorn, 
2,834  m.,  9,298  ft.,  may  be  as- 
cended in  2  hrs. ,  and  commands  a 
very  fine  view  of  the  neighbouring 
gls. )  It  is  about  I  hr.  down  the 
valley  from  Cortlis  to  Gressoney  La 
Trinite.  On  the  way  the  hunting 
box  of  Stave  I  (the  summer  sojourn  of 
the  Queen  of  Italy)  is  passed.  It 
belongs  to  the  Baron  de  Peccoz, 
whose  family,  of  Gressoney  origin, 
made  its  fortune  in  Germany  and 
was  ennobled  by  the  late  King  of 
Bavaria.  The  late  Baron  was  a 
great  chamois  hunter,  and  in  his 
house  at  Gressoney  St.  Jean  is 
deposited  his  collection  of  stuffed 
animals  and  birds,  killed  by  himself, 
which  deserves  a  visit.  At  Orsia 
the  mule  track  from  the  Col  d'Olen 
is  joined. 

Gressoney  is  the  name  of  the  basin 
which  includes  all  the  upper  part  of 
the  Val  de  Lys.  The  upper  village 
is  called  Gressoney  La  Trinite  (1,627 
m-»  5 > 338  ft.))  and  is  about  4  m.  (-| 
hr.'s  drive)  by  a  carriage  road  from 
the  lower  village,  Gressoney  St.  Jean 
(1,385  m.,  4,544  ft.).  20  min.  below 
La  Trinite,  in  a  very  fine  position  at 
a  sudden  drop  in  the  valley,  is  the 
new  and  splendid  Hotel  Miravalle. 
Some  way  below  is  Noversch,  the 


home  of  Zumstein,  one  of  the  early 
explorers  of  the  upper  regions  of  the 
Monte  Rosa  group.  The  situation 
of  these  villages,  amidst  meadows 
and  fruit  trees,  in  a  green  basin 
formed  by  the  widening  of  the 
valley,  and  yet  in  full  view  of  the 
eternal  snows,  is  very  beautiful. 
The  best  book  on  the  region  is  that 
by  Signori  V.  Sella  and  D.  Vallino, 
mentioned  in  the  Introduction  to  this 
Section,  while  the  Gressoney  Section 
of  Ratti  and  Casanova's  6  Guida  II- 
lustrata  della  Valle  d'Aosta  '  appeared 
in  a  separate  and  revised  form  in 

1897. 

[Many  pleasant  excursions  and 
ascents  may  be  made  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood. Foremost  among  them  is 
a  visit  to  the  Gnifetti,  or  the 
Q.  Sella  Club  huts  (5-6  hrs.),  whence 
there  are  very  fine  views,  easily  ex- 
tended by  ascending  some  of  the 
neighbouring  eminences.  The  Corno 
Bianco  (3,320  m.,  10,893  &«)  mav 
be  best  reached  by  the  Rissuolo  pass 
and  the  S.E.  ridge,  and  may  be 
taken  on  the  way  over  to  Alagna. 
Other  ascents  are  more  conveniently 
described  in  connection  with  the 
easy  passes  whence  they  are  best 
made — the  Telchenhorn  (see  above), 
the  Grauhaupt  (Rte.  H),  and  the 
Mont  Neri  and  the  Combetta 
(Rte.  I).] 

The  traveller  will  be  struck  by  the 
fact  that  the  tongue  spoken  in  the 
Gressoney  basin  is  German,  resem- 
bling the  dialect  prevailing  in  the 
upper  Vallais.  It  is  known  that 
long  before  12 18  this  basin  was  a 
fief  of  the  Bishop  of  Sion,  who, 
probably  before  that  date,  brought  in 
Vallaisan  colonists  over  the  St. 
Theodule.  Some  poems  in  the  local 
dialect  are  printed  in  Signor  Sella's 
book.  The  Vallaisan  settlement 
here  has  historically  nothing  to  do 
with  that  at  Macugnaga,  which  is 
known  to  have  taken  place  from  the 
Saas  valley  in  the  second  half  of  the 
thirteenth  century. 

There  is  now  a  first-rate  carriage 
road  from  St.  Jean  to  Pont  St.  Martin 


ROUTE  D.  ZERMATT 


TO  PONT  ST.   MARTIN  519 


(about  17  m.,  3 J  hrs.5  drive).  About 
J  hr.  below  St.  Jean  the  valley  con- 
tracts. The  road  crosses  to  the  r.  bank 
of  the  stream  on  leaving  the  Gressoney 
basin,  and  is  very  picturesque  beyond, 
being  carried  among  huge  blocks 
that  have  fallen  from  the  heights 
above.  After  a  double  crossing  it 
returns  to  the  L  bank  at  Gaby,  where 
the  appearance  of  the  walnut  denotes 
a  change  of  climate. 

[Hence  several  passes  lead  over 
in  5  hrs.  to  Piedicavallo,  at  the  head 
of  the  Andorno  valley  :  see  Rte.  K.J 

Beyond  is  (8J-  m. )  Issime,  about 
half-way  between  St.  Jean  and  Pont 
St.  Martin. 

[Hence  the  Mont  Neri  (3,070  m., 
10,073  ft-)  may  be  reached  in  6  hrs. 
by  way  of  the  Col  de  Chasten,  while 
the  Becca  Torche  (3,01 5  m. ,  9,892  ft. ) 
— celebrated  from  the  quaint  feudal 
tenure  connected  with  it  (see  Rte. 
C) — is  accessible  in  6  hrs.  by  way  of 
the  Col  de  Dondenil,  leading  over  to 
Verres.  Both  summits  command 
magnificent  panoramic  views.] 

Below  Issime  the  torrent  traverses 
the  remarkably  deep  and  narrow 
Guillemore  chasm,  which  it  has  cut 
through  the  gneiss  rock.  The  differ- 
ence between  ice-worn  and  water- 
worn  rocks  may  be  well  studied  here, 
as  they  are  seen  in  close  proximity. 
The  chestnut  becomes  the  prevailing 
tree  as  the  traveller  descends  to 
(2  J  m. )  Fontainemore,  where  the 
new  road  crosses  to  the  1.  bank. 

[A  path  leads  hence  in  about  6  hrs. 
to  the  Sanctuary  of  Oropa,  Rte.  K, 
by  the  Col  delta  Banna  d' Oropa 
(2,261  m.,  7,418  ft.)  The  ascent  is 
rather  long  through  a  lateral  glen 
richly  wooded  below,  wild  and  stony 
towards  the  top.  Thence  to  the 
Alpe  della  Strada,  about  I  hr.  above 
Oropa,  the  path  is  faintly  traced,  and 
a  guide  is  almost  necessary.] 

The  scenery  of  the  main  valley  is 
throughout  very  fine.  The  first 
vines  are  met  with  at  (if  m. )  Lil- 
lianes  (for  the  pass  to  Graglia  see 
Rte.  K).  Hamlets  and  scattered 
houses  are  seen  perched   on  steep 


slopes  up  to  a  height  of  2,500  ft. 
above  the  stream.  A  steep  descent 
over  ice-worn  rocks  takes  the  traveller 
down  to  (4J  m. )  Pont  St.  Martin, 
9J  m.  from  Ivrea  and  *j\  from  Verres, 
on  the  railway  from  Ivrea  to  Aosta, 
which  is  described  in  §  .15.  Rte.  A. 


Route  E, 

ZERMATT  TO  VARALLO   BY  THE  SESIA- 
JOCH  AND  THE  VAL  SESIA. 

In  a  former  edition  the  pass  here 
described  was  not  admitted  without 
hesitation,  and  in  the  present  edition 
it  is  retained  for  topographical  reasons, 
so  that  this  Rte.  may  range  with  its 
neighbours.  The  Sesiajoch  must 
always  be  a  difficult  and  dangerous 
expedition,  especially  the  descent  on 
the  Italian  side,  made  in  1869  by  two 
English  ladies,  with  Jean  Martin. 
The  pass  itself  was  first  crossed  in 
1862  by  Messrs.  H.  B.  George  and 
Mooie,  and  has  since  been  traversed 
by  a  small  number  of  travellers. 

A  traveller  who  has  reached  the 
Grand  Plateau  of  Monte  Rosa,  after 
ascending  the  Grenz  gl. ,  has  on -the  E. 
the  Signalkuppe,  and  on  the  S.E. 
the  Parrotspitze,  connected  together 
by  a  ridge  which  rises  about  300  ft. 
above  the  level  of  the  Plateau.  On 
gaining  this  ridge  he  looks  down  upon 
the  Sesia  gl.,  and  the  head  of  the 
Val  Sesia,  lying  some  8,000  ft.  below 
him,  and  separated  by  a  series  of 
precipices  and  ice  slopes  that  are  only 
less  formidable  in  appearance  than 
those  of  the  E.  face  of  Monte  Rosa. 
The  attempt  to  force  a  direct  passage 
across  this  barrier,  4,424  m. ,  14,515  ft. 
in  height  (one  of  the  loftiest  in 
the  Alps),  must  be  counted  among 
the  most  daring  exploits  ever  achieved 
in  the  Alps.  The  Editor  (J.  B. )  has  been 
favoured  with  the  following  notes  by 
Mr.  H.  B.  George.  The  guides  were 
Christian    Aimer   and   Matthaus  z. 


520        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


Taugwald  : — '  We  slept  at  some  good 
chalets  about  2f  hrs.  from  Alagna, 
reached  by  the  1.  bank  of  the  torrent 
from  the  Sesia  gl. ,  and  left  our 
quarters  at  2.35  a.m.  For  3  hrs.  we 
marched  over  slopes  generally  knee- 
deep  in  rhododendron,  and  at  last 
very  stony,  to  a  point  some  way  up 
the  1.  bank  of  the  Sesia  gl.  After  a 
short  halt  we  made  our  way  across 
the  gl.  to  the  r. -hand  corner  of  the 
base  of  the  Parrotspitze,  which  lay 
nearly  opposite  us,  and  began  climbing 
the  rocks  of  which  it  is  composed. 
After  2  hrs.  of  very  easy  but  rapid 
ascent  we  had  some  steep  snow  slopes 
to  mount,  and  then  came  to  the  foot 
of  the  arete,  which  took  us  almost  to 
the  top.  The  ascent  of  this  is  an 
affair  of  extreme  difficulty,  and  would 
scarcely  have  been  possible  but  for 
Aimer's  skill  and  determination. 
After  climbing  some  way  we  bore 
to  the  r.,  and  tried  to  get  along  the 
ice  slope  to  the  couloir  between  the 
Parrotspitze  and  the  Signalkuppe, 
with  a  view  to  making  our  way  up  to 
the  lowest  point  between  them,  but 
the  couloir  itself  looked  frightfully 
steep,  besides  being  dangerous  from 
avalanches  :  so  we  relinquished  it  for 
the  arete.  This  consisted  of  extremely 
steep  rocks,  often  affording  very  slight 
footing,  intermixed  with  narrow  edges 
of  snow,  so  steep  as  hardly  to  admit  of 
steps  being  cut  in  the  sides  of  them. 
After  3!  hrs.  of  this  work  we  came  to 
a  slope  of  ice,  covered  a  few  inches 
deep  with  snow  varying  from  430  to 
500,  which  in  rather  more  than  an 
hour,  or  nearly  1 3  hrs.  from  our  starting 
point,  brought  us  to  the  top,  i.e.  to  a 
point  on  the  ridge  going  up  from  the 
true  pass  to  the  Parrotspitze,  about 
(?)  120  ft.  below  that  peak,  and 
perhaps  60  ft.  above  the  true  col, 
which  is  practically  inaccessible.  The 
descent  of  the  Grenz  gL  was  straight- 
forward. It  would  be  impossible  to 
take  this  pass  from  Zermatt,  or  either 
way  late  in  the  year  when  the  snow 
was  gone  from  the  gaps  in  the  rock 
arete,  and  off  the  snow  slope  below 
the  top..     Christian  Aimer  led  the 


way  throughout,  never  being  at  fault 
for  a  moment,  although  he  had  only 
seen  the  mountain  for  10  minutes 
through  a  break  in  the  clouds  two 
days  before,  our  whole  route  re- 
maining in  cloud  till  we  were  fairly 
on  the  base  of  the  Parrotspitze.  The 
view  from  the  summit,  including  the 
Italian  lakes  and  Monte  Viso,  was 
marvellous.'    (H.  B.  G.) 

On  the  second  passage  the  party 
slept  at  chalets  higher  up,  and  reached 

'   the  pass  in  9  J  hrs. ,  exclusive  of  halts. 
(The  ridge   between  the   Parrot - 

I  spitze  and  the  Ludwigshohe  has  also 
been  crossed  by  a  difficult  pass,  called 
Piodejoch,  or  Ippolita  Pass. ) 

The  Sesia  gl.    is  formed  in  the 
angle  between  the  E.  ridge  of  Monte 

;  Rosa,  extending  from  the  Signalkuppe 
to  the  Monte  delle  Loccie,  and  the 
S.  ridge  connecting  the  Parrotspitze 
and  the  Vincent  Pyramide.  Owing 
to  the  great  steepness  of  the  walls  of 
rock  that  enclose  it,  no  great  accumu- 
lation of  snow  takes  place  at  a  high 
level,  and  the  dimensions  of  the  gl. 
are  small  as  compared  with  the  height 
of  the  neighbouring  mountains.  The 

:  N.  branch,  now  called  the  Vigne  gl. , 
descends  from  the  Col  delle  Loccie 
(Rte.  G),  and  the  S.  branch  is  the 

■  Pi  ode  gl. 

To  the  S.W.  of  the  Piode  gl. ,  on 
the  E.  side  of  the  ridge  connecting  the 

I  Vincent  Pyramide  with  the  Colle 
delle  Pisse  (Rte.  G),  is  the  Bors  gl. , 
which  sends  down  its  torrent  through 

;   the   Bors   glen   to  join  the  Sesia. 

\   Travellers    visiting   the   Val  Sesia 

;  should  not  fail  to  approach  the  base 
of  Monte  Rosa  at  least  as  near  as  this 

!   point,  which  may  be  reached  in  2  hrs. 

<  from  Alagna.  The  view  may  rank 
as  second  only  to  that  from  above 
Macugnaga.  A  still  nearer  view  may 
be  gained  by  ascending  the  ridge  N. 
of  the  Bors  glen  (1^  hr.  from  the  Pile 
huts).  At  the  head  of  the  latter 
valley  is  seen  a  very  fine  waterfall,  that 
of  Pisse ,  (?)  600  ft.  in  height,  fed  by 
the  snows  of  the  Vincent  Pyramide. 

In  descending  from  the  Piode  gl. 
to  Alagna  it  is  best  to  keep  to  the  1. 


ROUTE  E.    ZERMATT  TO  VARALLO 


52i 


bank  of  the  torrent  until,  after  joining 
the  track  from  theTurlo  Pass(Rte.  H), 
a  bridge,  with  an  oratory  beside  it,  is 
crossed.  The  way  then  lies  chiefly 
on  the  r.  bank,  again  crossing  and  re- 
crossing  the  Sesia.  In  coming  down 
from  the  Pile  alp  huts  the  path  lies 
on  the  r.  bank  of  the  Sesia,  descending 
a  steep  staircase  of  rock  at  the  base  of 
the  Stoffelberg  (which  shuts  out  the 
view  of  Monte  Rosa),  until,  at  the 
oratory  above  mentioned,  it  joins  the 
main  track  to  Alagna. 

The  position  of  Alagna  (1,191  m., 
3,908  ft.)  is  not  very  striking,  but  the 
neighbourhood  offers  some  of  the  finest 
scenery  in  the  Alps.  The  fullest 
guide  book  for  the  Val  Sesia  and  its 
tributary  glens  is  that  by  F.  Tonetti, 
published  at  Varallo  itself. 

[Besides  the  passes  described  in 
Rtes.  G,  H  (especially  the  Col 
d'Olen),  and  I,  the  mountaineer 
may  devise  many  excursions  of  the 
highest  interest.  One  deserving  of 
especial  notice,  hitherto  much  ne- 
glected by  English  tourists,  is  the 
ascent  of  the  Corno  Bianco  (3,320 
m.,  10,893  ft.),  the  highest  summit 
in  the  ranges  S.  of  the  mass  of 
Monte  Rosa.  From  Alagna  it  is  best 
gained  by  way  of  Riva  Valdobbia, 
the  Vogna  glen,  the  path  to  the  Ris- 
suolo  Pass,  and  the  S.E.  ridge  (c.  7 
hrs. ),  but  the  most  convenient  starting 
point  is  the  Hospice  on  the  Col  de 
Valdobbia  (Rte.  I),  whence  the  ascent 
takes  6  hrs.  More  difficult  routes  have 
been  forced  up  from  the  Pujo  gl.  on 
the  N.E. ,  and  along  the  N,  arete.  J 

The  upper  part  of  the  Val  Sesia  is 
German-speaking,  the  language  being 
of  the  Upper  Vallais  type,  though  fre- 
quent intercourse  with  the  Italian- 
speaking  folk  of  the  lower  part  of  the 
valley  has  caused  some  intermixture 
of  dialects.  The  Counts  of  Biandrate 
(who  settled  the  Vallais  colony  at 
Macugnaga)  were  very  powerful  in  the 
upper  Val  Sesia  before  1270,  and  if 
the  German-speaking  population  of 
Alagna  and  Riva  was  introduced  by 
them  it  must  have  been  before  that 
date.    But  it  is  far  more  probable  that 


it  is  an  offshoot  of  the  Vallais  colony 
at  Gressoney,  with  which  place  there 
is  easy  communication  over  low  passes. 

There  is  now  a  good  carriage  road 
from  Alagna  to  Varallo  (23}  m.,  4 J 
hrs.'  drive),  the  road  keeping  through- 
out on  the  1.  bank  of  the  Sesia. 

1  \  m.  below  Alagna  is  Riva  Val- 
dobbia (for  the  Col  de  Valdobbia  see 
Rte.  I),  at  the  junction  of  the  Vogna 
glen  with  the  main  valley.  There  is 
a  striking  contrast  between  the  appar- 
ent poverty  of  the  people  and  the 
comparative  splendour  of  the  church, 
covered  without  by  fresco  paintings  of 
considerable  merit,  the  work  of  a 
native  artist,  one  of  three  brothers,  all 
of  whom  attained  great  local  celebrity. 
From  the  village  there  is  a  grand  view 
of  the  peaks  and  glaciers  at  the  head  of 
the  valley.  The  Abbe  Carestia,  of 
Riva,  is  an  excellent  botanist.  The 
flora  of  the  southern  and  eastern  val- 
leys of  Monte  Rosa  offers  a  great 
general  resemblance,  but  includes 
several  species  very  rare  or  unknown 
elsewhere  in  the  Alps.  Of  these  may 
be  noted  Senecio  unifiorus,  Campa- 
nula excisa,  Potentilla  gram??iopetala, 
and  Saxifraga  stenopetala.  Still  more 
interesting  is  the  discovery  by  M. 
Carestia  of  Cherleria  imbricata  on  the 
Nase,  and  near  the  old  Vincent  hut, 
above  the  Lys  gl. 

Close  to  Riva  the  schists  consti- 
tuting the  rocks  at  the  head  of  the 
Val  Sesia  give  place  to  gneiss,  which 
extends  hence  to  the  Val  d'Aosta,  and 
farther  E.  is  represented  by  syenite. 

The  descent  is  easy  and  agreeable 
from  Riva  to  (5  J  m.)  Mollia.  The 
valley,  which  is  throughout  its  length 
very  sinuous,  here  makes  a  sharp  turn 
nearly  due  S.  A  little  way  beyond  is 
(6 J  m. )  Campertogno,  soon  after  which 
there  falls  in  from  the  W.  the  char 
road  from  Rassa,  in  Val  Sorba,  through 
which  leads  a  pass  to  Piedicavallo 
(Rte.  K).  The  scenery  is  extremely 
grand,  though  without  distant  views. 
At  (9  m.)  Piode  the  road  turns  E. 
and  passes  by  ( 1  \\  m. )  Scopello,  where 
formerly  the  copper  ore  raised  near 
Alagna  and  elsewhere  in  the  valley 


522       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


was  smelted  (now  nickel  and  cobalt 
only),  and  where  the  valley  bends  N. 
of  E.  The  next  village  is  Scopa.  The 
vegetation  increases  in  richness  as  the 
road  reaches  (14J  m. )  Balmuccia,  at 
the  junction  of  the  Vao  Sermenza,  or 
Val  Piccola  (Rte.  I),  with  the  main 
valley,  called,  by  contrast,  Val  Grande. 
Here  the  stream  turns  again  due  E, 
and  the  valley  gradually  opens  out  as 
the  traveller  approaches  Varallo. 

The  situation  of  this  little  town,  at 
the  junction  of  the  Val  Sesia  with  the 
Val  Mastallone  (Rte.  L),  and  in  the 
immediate   neighbourhood  of  much 
beautiful  scenery,  suffices  to  render  it 
attractive.    But  the  main  object  of 
interest  to  most  visitors  is  the  Sacro 
Monte,  a  famous  Sanctuary  founded 
in  i486,  and  adorned  by  famous  artists 
with  works  that  mark  a  stage  in  the 
development  of  Italian  art.    The  hill, 
now  called  Sacro  Monte,  is  covered 
with  a  series  of  nearly  fifty  chapels  or 
oratories,  containing  modelled  groups 
of  life  size,  painted  and  clothed,  repre- 
senting events  nearly  ail  taken  from 
the  New  Testament.    ( English  readers 
may  consult  Mr.  Samuel  Butler's  book, 
entitled  '  Ex  Voto  Sacro  Monte  ;  or, 
New  Jerusalem  at  Varallo,'  1888.) 
Some  of  these  groups  and  individual 
figures,  modelled  by  Tabachetti,  are 
extremely  fine,  while  those  of  the 
chapels  painted  by  Gaudenzio  Ferrari 
and  his  pupils  are  very  interesting. 
The  chapels  are  numbered,  and  those 
best  worth  examination  are  :  5,  the 
Appearance  of  the  Star  in  the  East ; 
17,   the    Transfiguration ;     38,  the 
Crucifixion.     The  paintings  on  the 
walls  and  ceiling  of  the  last-named 
chapel  are  the  best  on   the  Sacro 
Monte,  and  are  fine  works  of  Gau- 
denzio  Ferrari.      Other    works  of 
importance    by  the  master  are  the 
frescoes  which  cover  the  screen  be- 
tween the  choir  and  the  nave  in  the 
church  of  Santa  Maria  delle  Grazie, 
.  at  the  foot  of  the  Sacro  Monte,  and 
an  altar-piece  in  the  parish  church  of 
San  Gaudenzio. 

A  branch  of  the  Italian  Alpine  Club 
has  been  opened  at  Varallo,  and  mem- 


bers of  the  English  Club  who  may  call 
there  will  find  books,  maps,  &c.,  in 
addition  to  the  courteous  kindness 
usual  among  all  ranks  in  Italy. 

Varallo  stands  upon  true  granite, 
which  forms  a  band  extending  N.  to 
the  head  of  the  Val  Bagnola,  and 
S.S.W.  to  Biella  (Rte.  K).  Outlying 
masses  of  the  same  rock  are  seen  in 
the  well-known  sites  of  Mont'  Orfano 
and  the  Mottarone,  near  the  Lago 
Maggiore.  (For  the  routes  from 
Varallo  to  Omegna  and  the  Val 
Anzasca,  see  Rtes.  L.  and  M. ) 

There  is  a  lovely  way  from  Varallo 
to  Orta  by  the  Colle  della  Colma 
(Rte.  L).  But  most  travellers  will 
probably  take  the  railway,  which  runs 
in  34  miles  from  Varallo  to  Novara. 
8  miles  from  Varallo  is  Borgo  Sesia, 
at  the  meeting  of  delightful  routes 
from  Biella,  and  from  Orta  by  the 
Valduggia  (Rte.  K).  Between  Borgo 
Sesia  and  Romagnano  the  line  runs 
between  porphyritic  rocks,  in  which 
masses  of  Jurassic  limestone  and 
marine  tertiary  molasse  are  strangely 
intermixed.  From  Borgo  Sesia  the 
route  lies  amidst  richly- wooded  slopes, 
picturesque  with  churches  and  ruined 
castles,  to  (16J  m. )  Romagnano. 
Here  the  river  Sesia  enters  the  plain 
of  Piedmont,  and  flows  to  VercelH. 
18  miles  further  is  Novara,  at  the 
junction  of  the  lines  from  Turin, 
Genoa,  Milan,  and  Domodossola. 


Route  F. 

ZERMATT  TO  DOMODOSSOLA  BY 
THE  WEISSTHOR  AND  THE  VAL 
ANZASCA. 

It  has  been  pointed  out  above 
(Rte.  A)  that  the  Gorner  and  Finde- 
len  gls.  flow  from  a  common  neve, 
which  reaches  to  the  crest  of  the 
steep  black  precipices,  streaked  with 
gullies,  that  close  in  the  head  of  the 
Val  Anzasca.     It  seemed  from  the 


ROUTE  F.    ZERMATT  TO  DOMODOSSOLA  523 


Swiss  side  as  if  a  way  must  lie  over 
this  gently  sloping  neve  into  Italy  ; 
but  in  early  days  the  Italian  preci- 
pices were  regarded  as  too  formidable 
to  be  even  tried,  and  the  usual  route 
(connected  with  a  sixteenth-century 
pilgrimage  from  Zermatt  to  Varallo 
by  way  of  Macugnaga)  lay  round  the 
N.  side  of  the  hump  (3,612  m.  of 
the  Swiss  map)  which  rises  at  the 
junction  of  the  main  ridge  running 
K.  and  S.  with  a  great  spur  running 
E.  and  W.  This  is,  no  doubt,  the 
oldest  of  all  the  Weissthors,  and  was 
crossed  certainly  in  1825  by 
Brantschen ;  it  is  now  known  as  the 
Schwarzberg  Weissthor.  But  there 
was  also  a  tradition  of  a  more  direct 
pass,  which  is  now  believed  to  be  the 
present  FLlarjoch,  or  Old  Weissthor, 
between  the  Jagerhorn  and  the  Cima 
di  Jazzi  ;  it  was  traversed  in  185 1 
by  Herr  A.  Schlagintweit,  and  re- 
discovered independently  by  Sir 
Martin  Conway  in  1882.  By  1848  an 
easier,  yet  very  direct,  route  had 
been  discovered  by  Stephen  Biner 
and  Matthias  z.  Taugwald  ;  this  lay 
N.  of  the  Cima  di  Jazzi,  and  is 
now  known  as  the  New  Weissthor, 
being  the  pass  commonly  used  by 
parties  going  from  Zermatt  to 
Macugnaga.  The  history  of  all 
these  passes  is  very  intricate,  and 
those  wishing  for  further  details  on 
historical  points  are  referred  to  Sir 
Martin  Conway's  article  in  vol.  xi.  of 
the  ' Alpine  Journal '  (corrected  in 
one  important  point  as  to  the  true 
Old  Weissthor  by  his  '  Eastern 
Pennine  Guide,'  p.  67)  and  to  two 
articles  by  Dr.  Schulz  in  vols.  17  and 
18  of  the  'Jahrbuch'  of  the  Swiss 
Alpine  Club. 

It  seems  most  convenient  to  de- 
scribe the  three  main  Weissthors  in 
topographical  rather  than  in  historical 
order. 

(a)  The  Old  Weissthor.— The  true 
pass  (3,485  m.,  11,434  ft.)  lies  just 
N.  of  the  Jagerhorn,  and  is  quite  an 
easy  pass  if  the  right  line  be  taken 
up  the  final  rock  wall,  which  should 
be  climbed  to  the  N.  of  the  more 


southerly  of  the  two  snow  couloirs. 
The  ascent  is  made  from  the  Fillar 

Another  route  over  this  ridge 
starts  from  the  Cast  elf ranco  gl.,  on 
the  N.  of  the  Fillar  gl.  Hence  one 
of  the  three  great  couloirs,  or  the 
rock  ribs  between  them,  is  ascended, 
but  all  are  more  or  less  dangerous  by 
reason  of  falling  stones.  It  was  by 
two  of  these  gullies  that  Prof. 
Tyndall  and  Mr.  Tuckett  mounted 
in  1 86 1,  searching  for  the  lost  Old 
Weissthor. 

(b)  The  New  Weissthor.— The 
lowest  point  in  the  ridge  N.  of  the 
Cima  di  Jazzi  is  the  Mittelthor,  and 
is  accessible  on  the  E.  side  by  a 
great  snow  couloir.  But  the  pass 
now  usually  called  the  New  Weissthor 
is  rather  higher  (3,580  m.,  11,746  ft.), 
and  lies  on  the  S.  shoulder  of  the 
snow  hump  marked  3,645  m.  on  the 
Swiss  map.  The  ascent  to  the  pass 
from  the  Rififel  by  way  of  the  Gorner 
gl. ,  or  from  Zermatt  by  the  Findelen 
gl.  (4-5  hrs. ),  is  perfectly  simple; 
but  on  reaching  the  crest  of  the  ridge 
the  scene  is  changed  as  if  by  enchant- 
ment. Instead  of  toiling  over  a 
snow  field  with  no  object  visible  save 
boundless  fields  of  neve  and  oc- 
casional black  rocks,  the  traveller 
finds  himself  on  a  narrow  ledge  of 
rock  apparently  overhanging  a  preci- 
pice, which  extends  far  to  the  S.  till 
it  is  united  with  the  tremendous  E. 
face  of  Monte  Rosa.  The  highest 
summit  on  this  long  ridge  is  the  Cima 
di  Jazzi,  3,818  m.,  12,527  ft.  (Rte. 
A.  2.  /),  accessible  by  a  snow  slope 
in  -|  hr. ,  but  generally  crowned'  by  a 
snow  corniche,  so  that  caution  should 
be  used  in  approaching  the  edge  of 
the  precipice.  Looking  downwards, 
the  traveller  sees,  if  the  valley  below 
be  clear,  the  lower  end  of  the 
Macugnaga  gl.,  about  6,000ft.  below 
him,  but  appearing  so  near  that  a 
stone  flung  from  the  hand  might 
reach  it.  It  far  more  commonly 
happens,  even  in  fine  weather,  that  a 
sea  of  cloud  hangs  like  a  pall 
between  the  spectator  and  the  valley 


524       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


below.  Lying,  as  do  these  clouds, 
some  thousands  of  feet  below 
him,  he  supposes  that  they  fill  the 
valley,  while  the  people  of  Macugnaga, 
seeing  clouds  three  or  four  thousand 
feet  above  their  heads,  imagine  that 
they  cover  the  mountain  tops.  The 
rocks  adjoining  the  pass  afford  a 
home  to  a  few  flowering  plants,  e.g. 
Androsace  glaa'alz's,  Eritrichiit??i 
nanum,  Gentiana  brachyphylla,  and 
Saxifraga  plani folia.  This  is  one 
of  the  highest  stations  at  which 
flowering  plants  have  been  found  in 
the  Alps. 

Some  rocks  lead  down  to  a  great 
snow  shelf,  which  is  followed  for 
some  distance  (not  to  its  end),  when 
easy  rocks  give  access  to  the  foot  of 
the  Roffel  gl.  Here  is  the  Eugenic- 
Sella  Club  hut  (3,150  m.,  10,335 
f  h.  from  the  pass.  The  descent 
thence  to  Macugnaga  offers  no  diffi- 
culties, and  the  N.  side  of  the  Anza 
is  followed  to  Macugnaga  (2J-3  hrs, 
from  the  pass).  It  is,  of  course,  easy 
to  vary  the  pass  by  climbing  another 
broad  shelf  of  snow  on  the  face  of 
the  Cima  di  Jazzi,  and  so  mounting 
direct  to  the  summit  of  that  peak 
(2  hrs.  from  the  Club  hut).  Or 
travellers  who  fear  the  steep  descent 
may  in  a  few  steps  reach  the  pass 
next  to  be  described. 

(c)  The  Sehwarzberg  Weissthor. 
— This  is  the  pilgrims'  pass,  and  is 
quite  easy,  while  it  is  as  short  to 
descend  from  it  to  Mattmark,  in  the 
Saas  valley,  as  to  Macugnaga.  Prof. 
Ulrich's  party  in  1852  seems  to  have 
been  the  first  to  go  down  to  Matt- 
mark,  while  Mr.  Marshall  Hall,  in 
1849,  seems  to  have  been  the  first 
English  traveller  who  actually  crossed 
it  to  Macugnaga. 

If  coming  from  the  Riffel,  it  is 
necessary  to  bear  a  little  to  the  1.  at 
the  last,  while  if  coming  direct  from 
Zermatt  a  slightly  more  E.  course 
must  be  taken  than  if  the  New  Weiss- 
thor itself  was  the  object.  In  either 
case  the  snow  hump  (3,612  m. ,  1 1,851 
ft. )  at  the  junction  of  the  main  ridge 
and  the  great  E.  spur  is  attained. 


5  min.  descent  E.  along  the  crest  of 
the  latter  (this  is  the  narrow  '  Arete 
Blanche  5  of  the  old  books)  then  leads 
to  the  parting  of  the  ways.  A  party 
bound  for  Mattmark  should  then  bear 
to  the  N.  E. ,  so  as  to  gain  the  Sehwarz- 
berg gl. ,  down  the  1.  bank  of  which, 
and  the  r.  bank  of  the  stream  issuing 
from  it,  the  route  lies,  the  Mattmark 
inn  being  gained  in  3J  hrs.  from  the 
pass.  If  it  be  desired  to  descend  to 
Macugnaga,  this  may  be  effected  by 
going  down  rotten  rocks  to  the  Roffel 
gl.  (1  hr. ),  or  by  passing  the  same 
ridge  farther  to  the  E. ,  or  by  traversing 
the  upper  snows  of  the  Schwarzberg 
and  Seewinen  gls.  to  the  Monte  Moro 
Pass  itself  (Rte.  N),  by  the  track  from 
which  Macugnaga  is  attained. 

Macugnaga  is  a  wide  grassy  basin, 
shut  in  on  all  sides  by  towering  moun- 
tains. There  are  many  hamlets  scat- 
tered throughout  it,  the  inns  being  at 
that  called  Staffa  (1,327  m.,  4,354  ft.) 
A  short  way  off  is  the  old  church, 
which  has  a  Gothic  S.  doorway  and 
choir  windows,  and  is  thus  a  monu- 
ment of  the  German-speaking  colony 
settled  here  for  the  last  600  years,  so 
that  the  local  tongue  is  the  Vallaisan 
dialect  of  German.  For  many  hun- 
dred years  the  basin  of  Macugnaga, 
the  history  of  which  was  long  quite 
distinct  from  that  of  the  Val  Anzasca, 
of  which  it  forms  the  termination,  was 
simply  a  pasture  belonging  to  the 
Benedictines  of  Arona ;  but  in  the 
thirteenth  century  it  passed  (as  did  the 
Val  Anzasca)  into  the  possession  of 
the  Counts  of  Biandrate,  a  powerful 
Piedmontese  family.  About  the  same 
time  a  lucky  marriage  brought  to  the 
chief  of  the  family  the  extensive  pos- 
sessions of  the  lords  of  Visp,  at  the 
mouth  of  the  united  Zermatt  and  Saas 
valleys.  Owning,  therefore,  the  two 
Alpine  glens,  which  are  only  separated 
by  the  easy  pass  now  called  the  Monte 
Moro  (Rte.  N),  and  finding  the  head 
of  each  valley  inhabited  only  by  shep- 
herds in  summer,  Count  Godfrey  con- 
ceived and  carried  out  a  bold  plan, 
which  has  left  its  mark  on  their  local 
history.    In  1250  it  is  recorded  that 


ROUTE  F.    ZERMATT  TO  DOMODOSSOLA  525 


he  established  a  colony  of  Italian- 
spsaking  people,  from  the  Val  Anzasca, 
in  the  valley  of  Saas,  above  the  Mar- 
tinswald,  which  therefore  became 
Italianised,  while  a  few  years  later 
he  transported  a  band  of  German- 
speaking  colonists  from  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  Visp  to  the  pasture 
basin  of  Macugnaga.  Hence  we  find 
German  names  at  Macugnaga  ;  e.g. 
the  Anza  is  called  the  Visp.  But  the 
similar  colonies  in  the  Val  Sesia, 
perhaps  due  to  Biandrate  influence, 
are  probably  not  an  offshoot  of  the 
Macugnaga  settlement  (see  Rte.  E). 

[Besides  the  Weissthor,  Macugnaga 
may  also  be  reached  by  mountain 
routes  from  the  Val  Sesia  and  from 
Saas  (Rtes.  G,  H,  I,  and  N),  but  in 
any  case  the  excursion  to  the  Belve- 
dere and  the  Macugnaga  gl.  should  be 
made,  while  that  up  to  the  Monte 
Moro  Pass  is  strongly  recommended 
to  those  who  do  not  propose  to  cross 
that  pass  to  Saas,  and  active  walkers 
will  be  tempted  by  the  ascent  of  the 
Pizzo  Bianco. 

It  is  best  to  go  to  the  Macugnaga 
gl.  by  one  route,  and  to  return  by 
another,  so  as  to  vary  the  points  of 
view.  In  approaching  it  the  traveller 
has  before  him  the  precipices  up 
which  lie  the  routes  to  the  different 
Weissthors  described  above.  Mount- 
ing along  the  r.  bank  of  the  Anza,  he 
will  gain  ( 2  hrs.  by  mule  path )  the  steep, 
rocky  eminence  called  the  Belvedere, 
1,932  m. ,  6,339  ft.  (where  there  is 
now  a  small  inn),  which  breaks  the 
descending  ice  stream  of  the  Macug- 
naga gl.  and  divides  its  lower  end  into 
two  branches.  The  traveller  should 
then  cross  the  W.  arm  of  that  gl.  to 
the  Jazzi  huts,  at  the  base  of  the  Cima 
di  Jazzi,  and  should  continue  along 
the  slope  to  those  of  Fillar,  at  the  foot 
of  the  gl.  of  that  name,  and  higher  up 
than  the  Jazzi  huts.  Crossing  a  steep 
moraine,  he  should  now  return  to  the 
Macugnaga  gl. ,  here  much  crevassed, 
and  make  his  way  for  some  distance 
towards  its  head,  immediately  under 
the  8,000  ft.  of  precipice  that  is 
crowned  by  the  highest  summits  of 


Monte  Rosa.  (For  the  dangerous 
ascent  from  this  side  see  Rte.  A.  3.  a.  i. ) 
The  usual  limit  of  the  excursion  is  a 
waterfall — fed  by  the  snow  slopes  that 
here  and  there  cling  to  the  face  of  the 
precipice — which  disappears  in  a 
chasm  in  the  ice.  The  monotonous 
roar  of  the  cataract  is  broken  from 
time  to  time  by  the  thunder  of  ava- 
lanches. Language  is  incompetent  to 
give  any  idea  of  the  grandeur  of  the 
scene. 

Returning,  and  bearing  towards  the 
E.  moraine,  the  gl.  is  left  near  the 
chalets  of  Petriolo,  at  the  base  of  the 
Pizzo  Bianco,  which  forms  the  E.  side 
of  the  great  amphitheatre.  The  enor- 
mous size  of  the  blocks  that  cover  the 
lower  slopes  near  the  chalets  excites 
wonder.  A  very  rough  path  leads 
along  the  mountain-side,  for  the  most 
part  high  above  the  gl. ,  and  descends 
into  the  main  valley  near  the  foot  of 
the  Belvedere.  It  is  better  to  keep 
along  the  great  r. -hand  moraine  of 
the  gl. ,  and  then  cross  the  gl.  to  the 
Belvedere.  The  whole  excursion 
need  not  take  more  than  8  hrs. 

The  ascent  of  the  Pizzo  Bianco 
(3,216  m.,  10,552  ft.),  made  in  1789 
by  Saussure,  offers  a  view  which  is 
in  some  respects  unsurpassed  in  the 
Alps.  It  can  be  effected  in  4- 5  hrs.  from 
Macugnaga.  The  way  is  by  the  track 
leading  to  the  Belvedere.  When  near 
its  base  a  cattle  track  turns  sharply  to 
the  1.  and  mounts  the  rocky  slope  by 
zigzags.  Bearing  always  to  the  1.  an 
alp  is  passed,  and  an  ascent  made 
towards  the  ridge  connecting  the  Pizzo 
Nero  (2,739  m.,  8.987  ft.),  a  promi- 
nent point  overlooking  Macugnaga, 
with  the  much  higher  Pizzo  Bianco. 
Before  attaining  the  ridge  it  is  neces- 
sary to  bear  somewhat  to  the  r. ,  and 
to  keep  straight  up  over  rocks  and 
snow  slopes.  The  summit  lies  some 
way  back,  and  is  reached  by  following 
the  crest  of  a  snow  ridge.  J 

There  is  a  mule  track  from  Macug- 
naga (soon  to  be  a  carriage  road)  to 
the  foot  of  the  Morghen,  whence  a 
carriage  road  descends  the  valley  to 
I   Piedimulera.    A  walker  may  reckon 


526        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20. 


MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


about  6  easy  hrs.  from  Macugnaga  to 
Piedimulera  (14  m. ) 

In  descending  from  Macugnaga  the 
traveller  has  the  disadvantage  of 
turning  his  back  upon  Monte  Rosa, 
which  at  intervals  comes  into  view  ; 
but  the  near  scenery  is  throughout 
so  beautiful  that  it  fully  engages  his 
attention,  and,  if  he  be  wise  enough 
not  to  hurry,  he  may  halt  at  intervals 
to  enjoy  the  wonderful  views  of  the 
great  mountain.  The  first  of  these  is 
found  at  Borca  (J  hr. ),  at  the  mouth 
of  the  Quarazza  glen  (Rte.  H). 
J  hr.  lower  is  Pestarena,  a  poor- 
looking  village  with  a  mining  popu- 
lation. Gold,  associated  with  iron 
pyrites,  is  found  here  in  quantities 
which  repay  working,  and  this  is 
one  of  the  few  spots  in  Europe  where 
it  has  been  continually  extracted  for 
centuries,  apparently  since  the  time  of 
the  Romans.  These  mines  are  now 
worked  by  an  English  company.  A 
short  way  below  Pestarena  the  track 
passes  to  the  r.  bank  of  the  Anza, 
and  soon  encounters  a  low  rocky  hill, 
the  Morghen  (a  Teutonic  name),  which 
appears  to  bar  the  valley,  and  has 
long  impeded  the  construction  of  a 
road  up  to  the  mines.  Here  the 
basin  of  Macugnaga  is  quitted.  The 
Anza  forces  its  way  through  an  im- 
practicable ravine,  while  the  mule 
path  and  a  miner's  track  (easier  for 
pedestrians),  after  mounting  a  short 
way,  descend  more  steeply  on  the  E. 
side  of  the  barrier,  and  at  its  base 
return  to  the  1.  bank  at  the  hamlet  of 
Campioli,  where  the  carriage  road 
(3  m.  from  Macugnaga)  now  begins. 
In  the  early  summer  the  beautiful 
Saxifraga  cotyledon  is  plentiful  on 
the  rocks  hereabouts.  A  short  dis- 
tance farther  is  Preqaartera,  whence 
a  path  leads  up  a  glen  on  the  1.  to 
the  Saas  valley,  across  the  Mondelli 
Pass,  which  is  shorter  than  the 
Monte  Moro,  but  misses  the  grand 
scenery.  In  2 \  hrs.  from  Macugnaga 
the  traveller  reaches  Ceppomorelli 
(753  m.,  2,471  ft.),  and  f  hr.  lower 
down  is  Vanzone^  where  two  churches 
connected  together  are  worth  a  visit. 


(For  the  passes  from  these  villages  to 
the  Val  Antrona  see  §  21.  Rte.  E.) 
At  Ceppomorelli  a  view  of  the  E.  face 
of  Monte  Rosa,  combined  with  a  new 
foreground,  but  always  surpassingly 
grand,  opens  out.  It  is  hard  to  say 
that  anything  is  wanting  to  complete 
the  beauty  of  the  Val  Anzasca.  Monte 
Rosa  remains  constantly  in  the  back- 
ground, unsurpassed  in  the  boldness 
of  its  form  and  the  vastness  of  its 
proportions.  The  middle  distance 
presents  mountain  ridges  of  varied 
form,  clothed  with  pine  forest  or 
broken  into  rocky  masses.  The 
vegetation  of  N.  Italy  is  in  the  fore- 
ground, rich  with  chestnuts,  and  vines, 
and  fig  trees,  and  all  the  accessories 
are  characteristically  Italian.  Instead 
of  small,  dark,  wooden  houses  grouped 
round  the  pointed  spire  of  a  village 
church,  we  have  here  massive  buildings 
in  solid  masonry,  brilliantly  white,  and 
nearly  all  covered,  within  and  with- 
out, with  rude  frescoes :  and  the  square 
campanile  marks  from  a  distance  the 
village  place  of  worship. 

f  hr.  from  Vanzone  is  Ponte  Grande 
(524  m.,  1,719  ft.),  which  takes  its 
name  from  a  high  bridge  across  the 
Anza.  (For  the  passes  hence  to  the 
Val  Sesia  and  Orta  see  Rtes.  I,  L, 
and  M,  and  for  those  to  the  Val 
Antrona  see  §21.  Rte.  E.)  (A  char 
road  leads  hence  across  the  river  in 
J  hr.  to  the  large  village  of  Bannio, 
the  capital  of  the  Val  Anzasca,  which 
stands  on  rising  ground,  amidst  fine 
chestnut  trees,  near  the  junction  of 
the  Val  Olocchia  (Rte.  I)  with  the 
main  valley. ) 

It  is  about  6  miles  (2  hrs.' walking) 
from  Ponte  Grande  to  Piedimulera. 
The  road  is  carried  along  the  N.  side 
of  the  valley,  at  first  near  the  bank  of 
the  Anza,  then  gradually  rising  to  a 
great  height  above  the  stream.  A 
short  way  below  Ponte  Grande  the 
torrent  issuing  from  the  Val  Bianca 
on  the  N.  forms  a  pretty  waterfall, 
and  some  way  farther  is  Calasca. 
Beyond  the  last-named  village,  on  the 
S.  side  of  the  valley,  is  seen  the 
opening  of  the  Val  Segnara,  leading 


ROUTE  G.  TOUR 


OF  MONTE  ROSA 


527 


to  the  .Val  Strona  (Rte.  M).  About 
4  miles  from  Ponte  Grande  is  Castig- 
lione.  Beyond  the  village  the  traveller, 
once  again  looking  back,  may  see  the 
range  of  Monte  Rosa  in  great  per- 
fection, and  then  the  road  begins  to 
descend  rapidly,  passing  through  two 
short  tunnels.  The  hamlet  of  Cima- 
mulera  is  left  on  the  way,  and  the 
road  issues  into  the  Val  d'Ossola  at 
Piedimulera.  This  picturesque  village 
is  a  station  on  the  railway  from  Domo- 
dossola  to  Novara  (§  21.  Rte.  A), 
and  is  7  miles  (f  hr.  in  the  train) 
from  the  first-named  place. 


Route  G. 

TOUR  OF  MONTE  ROSA  BY  THE  HIGH 
GLACIER  PASSES. 

By  choosing  a  wider  or  a  narrower 
circle  round  Monte  Rosa,  a  traveller 
may  completely  change  the  character 
of  the  scenery  through  which  he  will 
pass  in  making  the  tour  of  the  moun- 
tain, and  in  the  same  degree  vary 
the  difficulty  of  the  undertaking. 
This  and  the  two  following  Rtes. 
describe  three  sets  of  passes  by  which 
this  tour  may  be  made,  from  high 
glacier  passes  to  easy  mule  passes. 

By  the  recent  erection  of  two  high 
Club  huts  on  the  S.  slope  of  the 
Monte  Rosa  range  a  very  fine  snow 
route  may  be  made  as  follows  : — I. 
From  the  inn  on  the  St.  Theodule 
Pass  (perhaps  a  very  active  party 
could  achieve  the  distance  by  start- 
ing from  Zermatt  itself)  by  the  snowy 
plateau  S.  of  the  Brei thorn  to  the 
Schwarzthor  route,  then  ascending 
Castor  and  descending  to  the  Q.  Sella 
Club  hut  (Rte.  D)— about  8  hrs.  2. 
Ascend  the  Lyskamm  by  the  S.W. 
arete,  and  go  down  the  S.  arete  to  the 
Gnifetti  Club  hut  (9  hrs.),  and  to  the 
inn  on  the  Col  d'Olen  (if  preferred, 
the  night  might  be  spent  at  the  Club 
hut,  and  next   day  some  point  of 


Monte  Rosa  climbed,  but  this  would 
lengthen  the  round  by  a  day).  3. 
Sleep  at  the  Faller  Alp.  4.  By  the 
Colle  delle  Loccie  to  Macugnaga  ; 
and  5.  By  one  of  the  Weissthors 
(Rte.  F)  back  to  Zermatt. 

The  route  taken  on  the  first  two 
days  has  been  described  in  bits  in 
Rtes.  A,  B,  C,  and  D.  If  preferred 
an  easier  way  can  be  taken  to  the 
Q.  Sella  hut  from  the  St.  Theodule 
or  Breuil.  This  involves  crossing  the 
Col  des  Cimes  Blanches  (2,980  m. , 
9,777  ft.)  This  gap  is  reached  from 
the  St.  Theodule  by  bearing  due  S., 
and  from  Breuil  by  mounting  in  a 
slightly  S.E.  direction.  On  the  other 
side  the  descent  is  made  through  the 
Aventina  glen  to  the  Ayas  glen,  a 
little  below  Fiery  (Fiery  is  reached 
in  3  hrs.  from  the  St.  Theodule,  or  in 
about  4 \- 5  hrs.  from  Breuil.)  From 
the  Col  the  view  may  be  extended  by 
climbing  the  Gran  Sometta  (3, 167  m. , 
10,391  ft.),  unless  the  traveller  is  in 
haste  and  wishes  to  mount  the  same 
day  from  Fiery  by  the  gap  N.  of  the 
Bettliner  Pass  to  the  Q.  Sella  hut 
(5-6  hrs.) 

Again,  if  a  traveller  desires  to  see 
Gressoney  on  his  way,  he  could  reach 
Fiery  by  any  of  the  ways  indicated 
above,  and  next  day  cross  one  of  two 
passes  direct  to  La  Trinite.  The  N. 
pass  is  the  Bettliner  Bass,  2,896  m., 
9,502  ft.  (6|  hrs.),  which  leads  to 
the  Cortlis  chalet  at  the  head  of  the 
Val  de  Lys,  and  does  not  seem 
to  possess  any  advantages  over  the 
S.  pass,  the  Bettafurka,  2,676  m., 
8,780  ft.  (5  hrs.),  which  is  traversed 
by  a  mule  path.  The  ascent  from 
Fiery  lies  past  the  hamlet  of  Resy 
and  through  the  Furka  glen,  and 
the  descent  past  the  oratory  of 
Sanf  Anna  (whence  there  is  a  fine 
view  of  the  snowy  chain  on  the  N. ) 
to  Orsza,  where  the  mule  track  from 
the  Col  d'Olen  is  joined.  Another 
way  of  visiting  Gressoney  en  route 
would  be  to  descend  direct  thither 
from  the  Q.  Sella  hut. 

The  Col  d'Olen  and  its  neighbour- 
hood are  described  in  the  next  Rte. 


528        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


The  Falter  Alp  is  4  hrs.  from  the 
Col  d'Olen  inn,  or  2J  hrs.  from 
Alagna.  (The  Flua  Alp,  where  .fair 
chalet  accommodation  is  to  be  had, 
is  still  higher,  and  about  3  hrs.  from 
either  Alagna  or  (by  the  Bors  glen) 
from  the  Col  d'Olen  inn  ;  it  is  the 
most  conveniently  situated  night 
quarters  for  a  party  starting  from  the 
inn.)  Thence  the  passage  of  the 
Colle  delle  Loccie  to  Macugnaga  next 
day  is  not  a  very  long  expedition. 
It  was  first  crossed  in  1862  by 
Messrs.  J.  A.  Hudson  and  W.  E. 
Hall,  but  the  difficulties  encountered 
on  that  occasion  are  now  in  great 
part  avoided.  The  ascent  lies  past 
the  Vigne  Alp  and  up  the  Vigne  gl. , 
and  the  pass  (3,353  m.,  11,001  ft.)  is 
gained  without  any  difficulty  (3  hrs. 
from  the  Faller  Alp).  The  view  may 
be  much  extended  by  following  the 
ridge  to  the  S.E.  for  \  hr.  up  the 
Monte  delle  Loccie  (3,498  m., 
11,477  ft-))  a^so  called  the  Cima 
della  Pissa. 

The  descent  on  the  Macugnaga 
side  is  more  difficult.  A  short  steep 
ice  slope  (which  can  be  partly  turned 
by  steep  rocks  on  the  W. )  must  be 
cut  down,  and  then  the  Loccie  gl. 
followed  till  due  S.  of  the  Petriolo 
Alp.  Some  seracs  are  encountered, 
which  in  case  of  necessity  can  be 
turned  by  the  steep  rocks  on  the  W. , 
but  it  is  generally  better  to  keep  to 
the  glacier  all  the  way.  Some  way  S. 
of  the  Petriolo  chalets,  on  the  r.  bank, 
the  gl.  is  left,  in  order  to  gain  those 
huts  through  the  glen  of  the  same 
name,  and  henceforward  the  way  is 
one  of  those  described  in  the  last 
Rte.  in  connection  with  the  excursion 
to  the  gl.  from  Macugnaga.  By  this 
pass  Macugnaga  is  gained  in  9  hrs. 
or  so  from  the  Faller  Alp.  The 
pass  must  be  reckoned  as  first-rate, 
both  for  the  grandeur  of  the  scenery 
and  for  difficulty. 


Route  H. 

VALTOURNANCHE      TO  MACUGNAGA 
BY  THE  MIDDLE  PASSES. 

A  traveller  wishing  to  make  the 
tour  of  the  Italian  valleys  of  Monte 
Rosa  may  choose  an  intermediate 
course  between  the  somewhat  arduous 
passes  mentioned  in  the  last  Rte. 
and  the  easier  and  more  frequented 
paths  described  in  the  next  Rte.  In 
four  days  (an  active  party  could  cross 
the  Col  de  Portolaand  the  Pinterjoch 
in  one  day)  of  very  moderate  walking 
much  of  the  most  beautiful  scenery  of 
this  district  may  thus  be  seen. 

1.  The  first  pass  is  the  Col  de 
Portola  (unless  it  be  preferred  to 
cross  the  Col  du  Tournalin,  so  as  to 
combine  with  it  the  ascent  of  that 
fine  panoramic  point,  the  Grand 
Tournalin,  Rte.  B),  which  takes 
5  hrs.  from  the  village  of  Valtour- 
nanche  to  that  of  Ayas.  The  traveller 
must  descend  from  the  former  village 
for  a  short  distance  along  the  1.  bank 
of  the  stream,  and  soon  take  a  path 
to  the  1. ,  which  before  long  begins  to 
ascend  through  a  wood.  This  splits 
up  into  numerous  tracks,  and  a  guide 
is  here  almost  indispensable.  The  true 
path  keeps  a  general  direction  nearly 
parallel  to  the  main  valley,  mounting 
a  little  E.  of  S. ,  until  it  gains  a  point 
about  2,000  ft.  above  the  stream, 
whence  the  greater  part  of  the  beauti- 
ful Val  Tournanche  is  seen,  backed 
by  the  Matterhorn  and  the  range 
extending  S.  from  the  Chateau  des 
Dames.  Quitting  the  verge  of  the 
mountain-side  the  path  now  bears 
S.E.  across  Alpine  pastures,  and 
before  long  reaches  the  village  of 
Chamois  (1,815  m->  5,955  ft.)  (This 
hamlet  may  be  gained  direct  by  a 
path  from  the  lower  bit  of  the  Val 
Tournanche,  or  in  2  hrs.  by  a  mule 
path  from  the  village  of  Valtour- 
nanche  past  Cheneil. )  A  rather  long 
but  gentle  ascent  in  a  slightly  S.E. 
direction  leads  to  the  summit  of  the 
pass  (2,415  m.,  7,924  ft.),  which  is 
N.  of  the  Mont  Zerbion  (2,721  m., 
8,928  ft.),  hence  easily  accessible  in 


ROUTE  H.    VALTOURNANCHE  TO  MACUGNAGA 


|  hr. ,  and  commanding  a  magnificent 
view.  The  pass  lies  across  a  ridge  of 
limestone  rock  that  steeply  overhangs 
the  valley  of  Ayas.  The  descent  is 
rapid,  but  free  from  difficulty,  and 
the  hamlet  of  Ayas  (1,710  m.,  5,610 
ft.)  is  attained.  Here  a  traveller 
may  now  find  fair  accommodation  for 
a  night,  so  that  it  is  not  necessary  to 
ascend  to  Fiery  or  to  descend  to 
Brusson. 

2.  A  little  higher  up  the  valley  is 
Champohtc,  whence  commences  the 
direct  ascent  to  the  Pinterjoeh  or 
Col  de  Cuneaz,  crossing  the  range 
between  the  Ayas  and  Lys  valleys, 
and  lying  just  S.  of  the  Grauhaupt. 
This  pass  may  be  effected  in  6  hrs. , 
but  the  traveller,  favoured  by  fine 
weather,  should  not  omit  the  ascent 
of  the  Grauhaupt.  The  greater  part  of 
the  ascent  from  Champoluc  to  the 
Col  is  easy  enough,  commanding  at 
intervals  fine  views  of  the  Matter- 
horn,  but  after  about  3  hrs.  the  way 
becomes  steep  and  difficult  to  find. 
It  lies  along  the  1.  bank  of  a  water- 
fall, and  in  f  hr.  more  leads  to  the 
crest  of  the  Col  (2,780  m.,  9,121  ft.) 
It  has  a  wide  view  to  the  W. ,  which 
includes  Mont  Blanc,  but  is  shut  out 
from  Monte  Rosa  by  the  adjoining 
peak  of  the  Grauhaupt  (3,315  m. , 
10,876  ft.),  accessible  in  hr.,  and 
commanding  perhaps  the  finest  view 
of  the  S.  side  of  the  Monte  Rosa 
chain.  The  ascent  is  rough,  lying  in 
great  part  over  and  amidst  large  loose 
blocks,  but  except  close  to  the  top, 
where  the  rocks  become  steep,  it 
presents  no  difficulty.  It  overtops 
all  the  nearer  summits,  and  the 
panorama  is  one  of  the  finest  on  the 
S.  side  of  the  Pennine  Alps.  Cam- 
panula cenisia,  Eritrichium  nanum, 
Linaria  alpina,  Carex  ctirvula,  and 
a  few  other  flowering  plants  have 
been  found  close  to  the  summit. 

[Mountaineers  who  do  not  fear  a 
stiff  scramble  will  find  it  more  inte- 
resting to  make  the  ascent  of  the 
Grauhaupt  by  the  N.  face  and  ridge, 
or  the  E.  end  of  the  mountain  over- 
hanging the  Val  de  Lys,  and  to  reach 
1. 


the  summit  partly  along  the  shattered 
ridge,  partly  along  the  ledges  of  its  S. 
face  ;  they  can  return  to  Gressoney  by 
the  Pinterjoch.  The  bouquetin  still 
haunted  this  range  in  1840.3 

The  descent  from  the  Pinterjoch 
towards  the  Val  de  Lys  is  easy,  and 
practicable  for  mules.  In  less  than  an 
hour  the  track,  following  at  first  the 
bank  of  an  Alpine  rivulet,  reaches  the 
highest  chalet,  and  in  \  hr.  more 
arrives  at  a  larger  establishment  in 
the  midst  of  fine  pastures.  The  last 
part  of  the  descent  is  steeper;  the 
path  is  carried  down  the  1.  side  of  a 
waterfall,  and  joins,  in  about  2  hrs. 
from  the  Col,  the  high  road  in  the 
valley,  about  \  hr.  above  Gressoney 
St.  Jean.  In  taking  the  pass  from 
Gressoney  St.  Jean  at  least  3J  hrs. 
should  be  allowed  for  the  ascent  to 
the  Col,  and  about  2J  hrs.  for  the 
descent  to  the  Val  d'Ayas. 

3.  The  traveller  following  the  line 
of  the  so-called  Middle  Passes  will  do 
best  to  select  the  Col  d'Olen  for  his 
route  from  Gressoney  to  Alagna. 
This  very  beautiful  pass  is  practicable 
for  mules,  but  an  active  pedestrian 
can  cross  it  in  7  hrs.  It  is  4  m.  by 
the  high  road  from  St.  Jean  to  La 
Trinite  (Rte.  D).  \  hr.  farther  up  the 
valley  at  Orsz'a  the  mule  track  turns 
to  the  r.,  and  mounts  in  1  hr.  more 
through  beautiful  scenery  to  the  first 
huts  on  the  Gabiet  Alp.  A  steeper 
ascent  up  a  side  glen,  bearing  first  N. 
and  then  N.E.,  leads  in  i\  hr.  more 
to  the  crest  of  the  pass  (2,871  m., 
9,420  ft.),  whence  the  view  is  very 
fine.  Just  below  the  pass  on  the 
Alagna  side  a  fair-sized  and  comfort- 
able inn  was  built,  at  a  height  of 
2,865  m-  (9.400  ft.),  in  1878,  and 
affords  excellent  headquarters  for 
exploring  the  neighbouring  ranges. 

[The  first  stroll  will  be  up  the 
Gemshom  (3,026  m. ,  9,928  ft.),  but 
half  an  hour's  climb,  and  command- 
ing a  view  of  the  nearer  peaks  of  the 
great  range  preferable  even  to  that 
from  the  Grauhaupt.  There  are 
many  paths  round  the  inn.  One 
leads  along  the  E.  side  of  the  ridge 
M  M 


530       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


extending  N.  of  the  Col  to  the  edge 
of  the  Indren  gl.  (ij  hr. )  On  the 
way  the  top  of  the  Co  lie  delle  Pisse 
(3,162  m.,  10,375  ft.)  is  touched. 
This  pass  leads  also  from  the  Lys 
to  the  Gressoney  valley,  but  is  not 
as  interesting  as  the  Col  d'Olen. 
Close  to  it  on  the  E.  side  is  the  old 
Vincent  hut,  originally  built  for  the 
men  engaged  in  working  a  supposed 
gold  mine,  long  since  abandoned,  used 
as  sleeping  quarters  by  some  of  the 
early  explorers  of  the  Monte  Rosa 
group,  and  occupied  for  14  days  in 
185 1  by  the  brothers  Schlagintweit, 
while  making  scientific  observations. 
The  pass  is  unusually  easy  of  access 
on  the  W.  side,  as  a  mule  path, 
intended  for  the  use  of  the  miners, 
has  been  carried  up  to  a  large  shed 
within  J  fin  of  the  Col. 

Thence  it  is  1 J  hr.  more  to  the  Gni- 
fetti  Club  hut  (3,647  m.,  11,966  ft.), 
worth  visiting  for  the  fine  view  it 
enjoys,  and  the  best  starting  point  for 
the  ascent  of  almost  any  of  the  S; 
summits  of  the  Monte  Rosa  cluster 
(see  Rte.  A.  3.  a).  From  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  the  Colle  delle  Pisse  it  is 
easy  to  cross  the  Bors  gl.  to  the 
Punta  Vittoria  (3,461  rri. ,  1 1,355  ft-  )» 
on  the  ridge  between  the  Bors  and 
Piode  gls.  ( 1  hr. ),  with  a  glorious  view^ 
or  to  push  on  to  the  Punta  Giordajii, 
4,055  m. ,  13,304  ft.  (3^  hrs.  from  the 
inn),  at  the  head  of  the  same  gl.J 

The  descent  from  the  Col  d'Olen 
to  Alagna  is  for  some  time  rather 
steep.  About  1  ^  hr.  from  the  top,  at 
a  chalet,  the  pedestrian  crosses  to  the 
S.  side  of  the  torrent,  and  by  a  steep 
zigzag  path  reaches  Alagna  in  3  hrs. 
from  the  summit.  In  the  opposite 
direction  4  hrs.  should  be  allowed  up 
from  Alagna,  and  2  hrs.  down  to 
La  Trinite. 

[Several  other  unfrequented  passes 
connect  Alagna  with  Gressoney.  The 
most  direct  of  these  are  approached 
from  Alagna  by  the  Val  d^Otro,  which 
opens  just  below  the  village.  After 
ascending  rapidly  for  2  hrs.  the  glen 
forks  near  some  chalets.  The  r. 
branch  leads  to  the  Passo  di  Zube  : 


the  way  thither  is  trackless  and  lies 
over  a  considerable  extent  of  rough 
rock,  alternating  with  beds  of  snow, 
while  a  rather  steep  descent  leads  to 
the  Gabiet  lake,  where  the  mule 
track  of  the  Col  d'Olen  is  joined. 
The  1.  branch  of  the  Val  d'Otro  leads 
to  the  Passo  delP  Uomo  Storto,  which 
is  rather  higher,  but  shorter,  the 
descent  on  the  Gressoney  side  being 
extremely  steep.  More  to  the  S.  is 
the  circuitous  way  by  the  Passo  di 
Rissuolo,  S.W.  of  the  Corno  Bianco 
— to  which  it  offers  the  easiest  route, 
see  Rte.  D. — and  N.  of  the  Col  de 
Valdobbia.  It  is  approached  by  the 
track  through  the  Vogna  glen,  leading 
to  the  latter  pass.    See  next  Rte.  J 

4.  The  traveller  who  would  reach 
Macugnaga  in  one  day  from  Alagna, 
and  does  not  wish  to  cross  the  high 
Colle  delle  Loccie  (see  last  Rte. ),  has 
only  the  choice  between  a  combination 
of  the  Col  de  Moud  and  the  Little 
Turlo  (see  next  Rte.),  or  the  dull  and 
stony  Turlo  Pass  ( Germ,  das  Thiirle  = 
the  wicket  gate),  which  takes  about 
7  hrs. ,  but  is  impassable  for  mules. 
The  path  along  the  Sesia  is  followed 
from  Alagna,  till  in  nearly  1  hr.  it 
crosses  to  the  1.  bank  (leaving  on  the 
opposite  side  the  track  along  the  base 
of  the  Stoffelberg  to  the  Pile  Alp). 
5  minutes  beyond  the  path  leaves  the 
valley  (that  straight  on  leading  to  the 
Vigne  and  Flua  Alps),  and  begins  to 
mount  the  slope  to  the  r. ,  with  grand 
views  of  the  Signal  Kuppe  and  the 
Parrotspitze  rising  above  the  Piode 
gl.  The  ascent  is  rough  and  stony, 
especially  when,  after  passing  the 
poor  Fatter  huts  and  keeping  to  the 
1.  of  the  broad  valley  and  of  a  small 
tarn,  it  climbs  the  final  slope,  and  in 
about  4  hrs.  from  Alagna  gains  the 
Col,  marked  by  a  cross.  The  top, 
2,736  m.,  8,977  ft-  (at  the  W.  end  of 
the  rather  broad  depression),  is  a 
very  sharp  ridge  of  crystalline  schist, 
shut  out  from  the  view  of  Monte 
Rosa  by  the  Falle?'horn  (3,130  m., 
10,270  ft.),  which  is  worth  ascending 
(ij  hr.)  From  a  rocky  point  in  the 
ridge  to  the  r.  the  Todi,  Adula,  and 


ROUTE  I.    AOSTA  TO  THE  VAL  ANZASCA  531 


Tessin  Alps  are  visible.  The  descent 
on  the  N.  side  is  for  some  distance 
rather  steep,  and  pathless.  After 
crossing  the  snow  slopes  the  way 
winds  to  the  1. ,  and  after  reaching  a 
chalet,  the  highest  on  this  side  of  the 
pass,  is  carried  down  some  steep 
ledges  of  rock.  Valeriana  celtica  is 
rather  abundant.  A  long  descent 
from  the  Col  finally  lands  the  traveller 
at  the  head  of  the  Val  Qziarazza,  and, 
looking  back,  he  finds  himself  sur- 
rounded by  a  semicircular  range,  in 
which  tiers  of  rock  alternate  with 
green  slopes,  while  several  fine  water- 
falls complete  the  picture.  The  track 
descends  gently  through  the  lower  part 
of  the  glen  to  Borca  (2  J-  hrs.  from  the 
pass),  at  the  E.  end  of  the  pasture 
basin  at  Macugnaga.  The  hamlet 
where  are  the  inns  is  \  hr.  further  to 
the  W.  There  is  a  track  bearing  to 
the  1.  across  the  buttress  of  the 
mountain,  which  avoids  Borca  and 
leads  direct  to  the  main  road,  \  hr. 
below  the  inns  at  Macugnaga. 


Route  I. 

AOSTA  TO  THE  VAL  ANZASCA  BY 
THE  LOWER  PASSES. 

The  tour  described  in  this  Rte.  is 
in  great  part  a  frequented  line,  tra- 
versed every  year  by  numerous 
tourists.  As  it  is  that  most  generally 
followed  by  unambitious  travellers 
who  wish  to  combine  a  visit  to  Cour- 
mayeur  with  the  easily  accessible 
parts  of  the  S.  slope  of  the  Monte 
Rosa  district,  it  has  been  thought 
convenient  to  include  in  this  Rte.  the 
entire  line  from  Aosta  to  the  Val 
Anzasca.  Assuming  that  the  tra- 
veller adheres  to  the  mule  tracks 
described  below,  not  less  than  four 
days  must  be  allowed  for  covering 
the  distance ;  but  by  using  one  or 
other  of  the  passes  connecting  the 


upper  Val  Sesia  with  the  Val  Ser- 
menza  the  distance  might  be  brought 
into  the  compass  of  three  days' 
journey.  It  is  scarcely  necessary  to 
say  that  the  judicious  traveller  will, 
when  possible,  give  at  least  double 
that  time  to  a  route  which  traverses 
some  of  the  most  beautiful  scenery  of 
our  Continent.  Good  accommoda- 
tion is  now  found  at  most  of  the 
places  on  the  way. 

1.  Now  that  there  is  a  railway 
through  the  lower  part  of  the  Val 
d'Aosta  (§15.  Rte.  A)  most  travellers 
will  make  use  of  it  in  order  to  gain  St. 
Vincent  (c.  17  m.  from  Aosta),  ij  m. 
beyond  Chatillon.  Here  the  mule 
path  turns  off  to  the  1.  from  the  main 
valley,  which  now  bends  S.  S.  E.  For 
a  while  the  magnificent  chestnut 
trees  screen  the  traveller  from  the  hot 
sun,  which  beats  upon  him  with  full 
force  as  he  emerges  on  the  slope  of 
the  mountain.  As  he  winds  upwards 
the  view  along  the  Val  d'Aosta  be- 
comes more  and  more  commanding, 
and  at  the  little  chapel  of  St.  Grat  he 
may  well  halt  to  enjoy  the  prospect, 
which  lays  before  him  the  finest  part 
of  that  beautiful  valley  for  a  length  of 
more  than  25  m. ,  backed  by  the 
mass  of  Mont  Blanc.  Towards  the 
summit  of  the  Col  de  Joux  (1,638  m., 
5,374  ft.)  the  way  lies  over  broad 
sweeps  of  pasture  on  the  S.  slope  of 
the  Mont  Zei'bion  (2,721  m.,  8,928 
ft.)  (The  summit  of  that  mountain 
commands  a  noble  view,  and  may  be 
gained  in  §  hr.  from  the  Col  de  Por- 
tola — see  last  Rte.  — or  in  5  hrs.  or  so 
from  Chatillon,  St.  Vincent,  or  Brus- 
son. )  In  ascending  from  St.  Vincent 
2f  hrs.  must  be  allowed  to  the  Col, 
and  J  hr.  suffice  for  the  gentle  descent 
to  Brusso7i,  in  the  Val  d'Ayas  (Rte. 
C),  where  a  day  or  two  may  well  be 
spent  in  exploring  that  valley  and  the 
ranges  that  enclose  it. 

2.  In  ascending  from  Brusson  by 
the  mule  track  to  the  Col  de  la  Ran- 
zola,  leading  to  Gressoney,  the  travel- 
ler looks  due  S.  over  the  lower  portion 
of  the  valley  of  the  Evancon,  called 
here    Val  Challant  (Rte.   C).  On 

M  M  2 


532        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


approaching  the  summit  (2,171  m., 
7,123  ft.)  an  unexpected  view  of 
Mont  Blanc  is  gained  by  looking 
back  towards  the  W.  ;  but  Monte 
Rosa,  much  closer  at  hand,  is  shut 
out  by  nearer  masses.  After  descend- 
ing some  way  on  the  E.  side  of  the 
pass,  a  portion  of  that  great  mountain 
comes  into  view,  and  in  the  middle 
distance  the  village  of  Gressoney  St. 
Jean,  set  in  a  framework  of  green 
meadows,  pine  forest,  and  rugged 
rocks,  forms  an  exquisite  picture.  A 
still  finer  -and  more  extensive  view  is 
obtained  from  a  summit  called  Poiiite 
de  Combetta,  or  Punta  della  Regina 
(2,390  m.,  7,842  ft.),  just  S.  of  the 
Col,  whence  it  is  accessible  in  J  hr. 
Those  who  make  the  detour  may  find 
their  way  direct  to  Gressoney  without 
returning  to  the  mule  path.  The 
descent  from  the  Col  is  in  part 
rather  steep,  lying  for  some  time 
through  a  pine  forest,  and  in  4  hrs. 
from  Brusson  the  traveller  reaches 
Gressoney  St.  Jean  (Rte.  D). 

[A  somewhat  circuitous  way  from 
Brusson  to  Gressoney  will  enable  the 
traveller  to  make  the  ascent  of  the 
Mont  Neri  or  Bee  de  Frudiere 
(3,070  m.,  10,073  ft-)  It  com- 
mands a  panoramic  view  of  the  first 
order,  considered  by  Mr.  W.  A. 
Ward,  to  whom  the  Editor  (J.  B. ) 
owes  much  information  as  to  the  Val 
de  Lys,  to  be  decidedly  superior  to 
that  from  the  Grauhaupt,  which  is 
800  ft.  higher.  It  lies  on  the  S.  side 
of  the.  Col  de  Frudiere  (a  pass  leading 
from  Brusson  to  a  point  in  the  Val  de 
Lys,  about  1  hr.  below  Gressoney  St. 
Jean)  and  N.  of  the  Col  de  Chasten 
(which  leads  from  the  Val  Challant 
to  Issime,  in  the  Val  de  Lys).  The 
peak  may  be  gained  from  either  of 
these  passes,  but  most  easily  from  the 
latter  (7  hrs.  from  Issime),  whence 
too  the  Becca  Torc/ie  {3,015  m..  9,892 
ft.),  on  the  S.,  can  be  climbed  in 
l|  hr.  J 

3.  Travellers  bound  from  Gressoney 
to  the  Val  Sesia,  who  are  deterred  by 
bad  weather  or  the  fear  of  fatigue 
from    attempting    the   Col  d'Olen 


(Rte.  H.),  choose  the  easier  but  less 
interesting  way  by  the  Col  de  Val- 
dobbia.  The  ascent  towards  the  Col 
begins  a  little  below  the  village  of 
Gressoney  St.  Jean,  and  is  so  well 
marked  by  a  frequented  mule  path 
that  a  guide  is  quite  unnecessary. 
(There  is  a  more  agreeable  foot  path 
ascending  behind  Delapierre's  inn 
along  the  edge  of  an  ancient  moraine, 
then  mounting  along  the  torrent 
until  the  mule  path  is  joined  at  a 
point  where  it  crosses  the  torrent, 
about  1  hr.  from  the  village.)  Ex- 
cept to  the  botanist,  who  will  find  a 
good  many  rare  plants  by  the  way, 
this  pass  offers  less  of  interest  than 
most  of  those  in  the  neighbourhood  ; 
yet  the  views  of  the  Val  de  Lys  from 
the  W.  side,  and  of  the  Graian  Alps 
from  the  top  of  the  Col,  are  very 
fine.  There  is  a  small  stone  Hospice 
on  the  summit  of  the  pass  (2,479  m«> 
8,134  ft.),  now  also  a  meteorological 
observatory.  Here  simple  refresh- 
ments may  be  had.  (The  ascent  of 
the  Corno  Bianco — Rte.  E — takes 
6  hrs.  hence. )  On  the  E.  side  of  the 
Col  the  path  traverses  Alpine  pas- 
tures and  the  remains  of  a  pine 
;  forest  before  reaching  a  miserable 
hamlet  called  Peccia.  The  remainder 
of  the  descent  lies  along  the  Vogna 
torrent,  which  in  one  place  forms  a 
I  fine  waterfall.  The  glen  narrows  to 
;  a  ravine  before  finally  opening  into 
;  the  Val  Sesia  at  Riva  Valdobbia, 
i\ m.  below  Alagna  (Rte.  E).  Going 
I  from  W.  to  E. ,  3  hrs.  suffice  for  the 
I  ascent,  and  2.\  hrs.  for  the  descent  to 
Riva  ;  in  the  opposite  direction  3J 
hrs.  may  be  allowed  to  the  Col,  and 
2  hrs.  hence  to  Gressoney. 

[Those  who  would  vary  the  way 
from  Gressoney  to  the  Val  Sesia  may 
choose  between  several  passes,  all  of 
which  are  reached  from  the  hamlet 
of  Loomatten,  nearly  I  hr.  below 
\  Gressoney  St.  Jean.  A  well-traced 
mule  path  leads  thence  eastwards  to 
the  Loo  chalets,  and  to  the  Loo 
plateau,  at  the  head  of  the  upland  glen 
of  that  name.  Here  many  routes 
diverge. 


ROUTE  I.    AOSTA  TO 


THE  VAL  ANZASCA  533 


(a)  To  the  S.  is  the  Col  de  Looz- 
zoney,  by  which  and  the  Col  del  la 
Mologna  Grande  Piedicavallo,  at  the 
head  of  the  Andorno  valley  (Rte.  K), 
may  be  gained  in  7  hrs.  from  Gres- 
soney. 

(/;)  To  the  E.  is  the  Col  de  Loo 
(2,437  m.,  7,996  ft.),  marked  by  a 
stone-man.  JustS.  is  a  rocky  height, 
the  Punt  a  Tre  Vescovi  (2,579  m., 
8,462  ft. ),  which  may  be  easily  reached 
in  20  min. ,  and  commands  an  admir- 
able view,  worthy  of  being  ranked 
among  the  excursions  from  Gres- 
soney.  On  the  E.  side  of  the  Col  the 
track  descends  through  the  rather 
uninteresting  Rassa  glen,  traversed 
by  the  Sorba  torrent  (Rte.  K),  which 
joins  the  Sesia  above  Piode  (Rte.  E). 

(c)  To  the  N.  is  the  Col  de  Macagno 
(2,495  m->  8,186  ft.),  which  leads 
N.W.  into  the  Val  Macagno,  tra- 
versed by  the  Vogna  torrent.  In 
about  1  hr.  the  mule  track  from  the 
Col  de  Valdobbia  is  gained.  Only 
the  upper  part  of  this  glen  is  called 
Val  Macagno,  the  greater  part  of  it 
being  known  as  the  Val  Vogna. 

If  the  traveller  bear  nearly  due  E. 
from  the  Col  de  Macagno,  he  will 
gain  a  low  pass  called  Col  delta 
Gronda,  which  properly  leads  into 
the  Artogna  glen,  though  by  keeping 
round  to  the  S.E.  to  the  Col  de  Campo 
the  Sassolenda  branch  of  the  Rassa 
glen  may  be  gained,  and  the  route  of 
b.  above  joined  in  it.  Rather  N.  of 
the  Colle  della  Gronda  is  the  Colle 
delta  Meja,  which  leads  from  the  Val 
Macagno  into  the  Artogna  glen,  by 
which  Mollia,  in  Val  Sesia,  is 
gained.] 

4.  There  is  but  one  easy  pass  from 
the  Val  Sesia  direct  to  the  Val  An- 
zasca — the  Turlo,  described  in  the 
last  Rte.  A  glance  at  the  map 
will  show  that  otherwise  the  Val 
Sesia  is  cut  off  from  the  Val  Anzasca 
by  the  sinuous  Val  Sermenza^  which 
ultimately  splits  into  two  branches — 
that  to  the  W.  being  the  Rima,  and 
that  to  the  E.  the  Carcoforo  arm. 
Hence  a  traveller  must-  somehow 
reach  the  Val  Sermenza,  and  then 


take  one  of  the  passes  through  one 
of  its  arms.  The  traveller  who  keeps 
to  mule  paths  will  do  best  to  take  the 
Col  de  Moud  to  Rimasco,  and  then 
the  Col  d'Egua  to  Ponte  Grande. 

The  Val  Sermenza  may  be  gained 
by  three  main  routes  from  the  Val 
Sesia. 

1.  By  Carriage  Road. — The  high 
road  from  Alagna  to  Baimuccia  (14J 
m. )  has  been  already  described  in 
Rte.  E.  Baimuccia  stands  at  the 
junction  of  the  Val  Sermenza  (often 
called  Val  Piccola  in  contradistinction 
to  the  main  Sesia  valley  or  Val 
Grande),  and  there  is  a  carriage  road 
thence  up  to  Rimasco  (6J  m. )  The 
scenery  of  the  lower  part  of  the  Val 
Sermenza  is  extremely  beautiful.  It 
is  a  narrow  and  tortuous  glen,  where 
trees,  rocks,  and  Alpine  torrents  pre- 
sent in  ceaseless  variety  the  most  ex- 
quisite pictures.  On  the  way  are  the 
hamlets  of  Boccioleto  (above  which 
rises  the  strange  rock  obelisk,  nearly 
300  ft.  in  height,  known  as  the  Torre 
di  Boccioleto  or  delle  Giavine).  and 
Fervento.  Rimasco  (905  m. ,  2,969  ft. ) 
is  at  the  meeting  of  the  two  arms  of 
the  valley. 

2.  The  long  circuit  made  by  the 
carriage  road  may  be  avoided  by 
crossing  either  the  Col  della  Casera, 
which  leads  from  Riva  Valdobbia  to 
Rima  St.  Giuseppe  (in  the  W.  arm 
of  the  Val  Sermenza)  by  the  Nonai 
glen  in  5  hrs. ,  or  the  Bocchetta  Bia 
from  Mollia  direct  to  Fervento  by  the 
Chignolo  glen  in  4  hrs. 

3.  A  pleasanter  route  is  to  cross 
one  or  other  of  three  passes  direct 
from  Alagna  to  the  Rima  branch  of 
the  Val  Sermenza.  The  most  nor- 
therly of  these  is  the  Col  de  Rima  or  de 
Piglimo  (2,487m.,  8, 160 ft.),  a  little- 
used  track  leading  from  the  Turlo  path 
to  Rima  itself  (5  hrs.)  The  most 
southerly  is  the  bocchetta  Moanda  or 
di  Alagna  (2,419  m.,  7,937  ft.),  the 
ascent  (long  and  steep)  from  Alagna 
to  which  takes  2J-3  hrs.  (The  fine 
view  from  the  summit  may  be  much 
extended  by  ascending  in  2  hrs.  by 

>   its  W.  flank  the  Tagliaferro  (2,964  m. , 


534        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


9,725  ft.)  N.  of  the  pass,  this  being 
the  great  advantage  of  taking  this 
route.)  The  descent  is  made  from 
the  Col  in  a  nearly  due  E.  direction, 
and  passing  a  fine  waterfall  the  travel- 
ler gains  the  Nonai  glen,  and  so  attains 
(5  hrs.  from  Alagna)  the  village  of 
Rima  San  Giuseppe.  The  Col  de 
Moud  (2,323  m.,  7,622  ft.),  lying  be- 
tween these  two  passes,  and  N.  of  the 
Tagliaferro,  is  the  most  frequented  but 
the  dullest  way,  and  is  also  traversed 
by  a  mule  track.  1  Following  the 
Val  Sesia  for  a  short  distance  above 
Alagna,  the  torrent  is  crossed  to  its 
1.  bank  by  either  the  first  or  second 
bridge.  The  path  then  takes  to  the 
hill-side,  and  zigzags  up  the  1.  hand  of 
two  ravines  which  are  seen  in  front. 
Fine  views  of  the  summits  of  Monte 
Rosa  from  the  Signalkuppe  to  the 
Vincent  Pyramide  are  disclosed  on  the 
L ,  and  in  about  1 J  hr.  after  quitting 
Alagna  the  Moud  chalets  are  reached. 
Excellent  milk  may  be  obtained  here. 
The  remainder  of  the  route  to  the 
Col  is  uninteresting,  and  may  be 
accomplished  in  1  hr.  (mules  take 
3  hrs.  from  Alagna  to  the  Col).  The 
track  leads  down  a  snow  slope,  be- 
neath the  rocks  of  the  Tagliaferro, 
and  on  reaching  the  bottom  the 
Val  Sermenza  is  seen  at  a  consider- 
able depth  below.  Slopes  of  grass, 
interspersed  with  a  rich  growth  of 
rhododendrons,  are  succeeded  by  a 
pine  forest,  through  which  the  pretty 
path  winds  steeply  down  to  Rima, 
1  hr.  from  the  Col.5  (F.  F.  T.) 

Having  reached  the  Val  Sermenza 
by  one  of  these  routes  the  ways  to 
Ponte  Grande  and  to  Macugnaga 
divide. 

a.  To  Ponte  Grande  there  is  but 
one  easy  route,  the  Col  d'Egua. 
This  leads  from  Rimasco  through  the 
beautiful  E.  branch  of  the  valley  to 
the  village  of  Carcoforo,  1,304  m., 
4,278  ft.  (2  hrs.)  Above  it  the  slopes 
are  bare,  and  the  scenery  rather  tame. 
Mules  take  nearly  2J  hrs.  from  Car- 
coforo  to  reach  the  summit  of  the  Col 
d'Egua  (2,236  m.,  7,336  ft.),  the 
track  being   rather  steep ;  but  the 


trouble  is  repaid  by  a  magnificent 
view  of  Monte  Rosa  and  the  minor 
ranges  that  diverge  from  it.  The 
view  is  still  more  extensive  from  a 
point  about  10  min.  N.  of  the  Col. 
An  easy  descent  leads  in  J  hr.  from 
the  Col  to  the  Selle  huts,  1,820  m., 
5,971  ft.  (near  which  there  is  now  a 
little  inn),  close  to  the  summit  of  the 
Baranca  Pass  (marked  by  a  small 
oratory),  leading  over  from  Fobello, 
in  the' Val  Mastallone  (Rte.  L).  This 
pass  lies  over  an  undulating  plateau 
of  Alpine  pasture.  On  approaching 
the  N.  slope  there  is  a  beautiful  view 
over  the  Val  Olocchia,  a  tributary  of 
the  Val  Anzasca,  through  which  this 
route  lies.  There  is  now  a  new  mule 
path  which  leads  down  in  |  hr.  to  the 
chalets  of  Pie  di  Baranca,  in  the  Val 
Olocchia  itself.  Much  of  the  magni- 
ficent timber  that  formerly  clothed  the 
slopes  of  this  glen  has  of  late  years 
fallen  before  the  axe.  The  path  is 
,  carried  along  the  1.  bank  of  the  tor- 
rent to  Bannio,  the  chief  village  in 
the  Val  Anzasca,  and  most  beauti- 
fully situated.  A  walk  of  \  hr.  by  a 
char  road  leads  hence  over  the  Anza 
to  Ponte  Grande  (2  J- 3  hrs.  from  the 
pass),  Rte.  F. 

b.  The  traveller  on  foot  bound  from 
the  Val  Sermenza  to  Macugnaga  di- 
rect has  a  choice  of  several  passes. 

(1)  From  Carcoforo  itself  he  may 
cross  the  Col  della  Bottiglia  or  Boc- 
chctta  di  Carcoforo.  '  The  ascent  from 
Carcoforo  is  very  steep  ;  and  it  takes 
more  than  3  hrs.  to  reach  the  summit 
of  the  pass  (2,672  m.,  8,767  ft.) 
This  commands  a  magnificent  view  of 
Monte  Rosa  and  the  Saasgrat.  On 
the  other  side  there  is  a  faintly 
marked  track  along  a  steep  slope 
until  an  abandoned  mine  (?  gold)  is 
reached.  Below  this  the  path  de- 
scends into  the  E.  head  of  the  Val 
Quarazza,  down  which  runs  the  path 
from  the  Turlo  '  (M. )  6  hrs.  may  be 
reckoned  from  Carcoforo  to  Macug- 
naga by  this  route. 

(2)  The  head  of  the  Val  Quarazza 
may  also  be  attained  from  the  Rima  or 
W.  branch  of  the  Val  Sermenza.  The 


ROUTE  K.    IV  RE  A  TO  ORTA  BY  BIELLA  535 


mule  track  from  Rimasco  lies  along 
the  1.  bank  of  the  torrent,  passes  the 
Italian-speaking  village  of  Rima  San 
Giuseppe  (1  hr. ),  and  in  \  hr.  more 
reaches  Rima  (1,417  m.,  4,649  ft.) 
This  small  village  (150  souls)  is  par- 
ticularly interesting  from  the  fact  that 
German  is  still  more  or  less  spoken 
here,  for  it  is  an  offshoot  of  one  of 
the  neighbouring  Vallaisan  colonies, 
probably  of  that  at  Alagna.  It  is  the 
highest  village  in  the  Val  Sesia  and 
its  tributary  glens.  (Hence  to  Carco- 
foro  in  4  hrs.  by  the  Col  del  Termine, 
2,347  m. ,  7,700  ft.)  From  Rima  the 
Col  del  Piccolo  Altare,  or  Little  Turlo 
(Germ.  Das  kleine  Thiirle  =  the 
little  wicket  gate),  is  reached  by  a 
mule  path,  so  that  a  traveller  can 
easily  combine  it  with  the  Col  de 
Moud  in  one  day  from  Alagna  to 
Macugnaga.  The  height  of  the  pass 
is  2,630  m.  (8,629  ft.)  On  the  other 
side  there  is  no  mule  path  as  yet  ; 
the  track  soon  joins  that  from  the 
Turlo,  and  in  this  way  Macugnaga  is 
attained  in  6  hrs.  from  Rima. 


Route  K. 

IVREA  TO  ORTA  BY  BIELLA. 

Tourists,  attracted  by  the  grand 
scenery  of  the  valleys  radiating  from 
the  Italian  slope  of  the  Monte  Rosa 
group,  have  generally  neglected  the 
lower  ranges  that  separate  the  plain 
of  Piedmont  from  the  ridges  immedi- 
ately connected  with  that  great 
mountain  mass.  There  is,  however, 
ample  room  for  interesting  excursions 
among  the  outer  valleys  and  the  foot- 
hills of  this  region,  which  may  well 
be  visited  at  a  season  when  the 
higher  mountains  are  not  easily  acces- 
sible, or  during  intervals  of  bad 
weather,  which  is  often  confined  to 
the  more  immediate  neighbourhood 
of  the  snowy  Alps.    A  few  days  may 


I   be  much  better  spent  by  a  moun- 
!   taineer  amidst  the  beautiful  scenery 
of  the  outer  valleys  of  Piedmont  than 
in  fretting  in  an  Alpine  inn,  or  plod- 
ding over  a  pass  whose  attractions  are 
hidden  by  clouds,  rain,  or  fresh  snow, 
i   The  present    Rte.  is   suggested  in 
!   hopes  of  drawing  the  attention  of 
English  travellers  to  a  district  very 
1   little  known  to  them  as  yet,  but  well 
;   deserving  a  visit. 

From  Ivrea  (§  1.5.  Rte.  A)  to  Biella 
it  is  not  more  than  10  or  11  miles  in 
a  direct  line,  but  mos!:  of  the  routes 
:   taken  between  them  are  circuitous. 
;   Both  towns  are  connected  by  branch 
]   railway  or  tramway  with  the  main 
!   line   from    Xovara   to    Turin  and 
Milan,  but  the  trains  are  so  arranged 
that  3  hrs.  or  more  are  consumed  in 
going  from  one  place  to  the  other. 

A  more  direct  high  road  (3J  hrs.' 
drive)  affords  the  traveller  the  oppor- 
tunity of  examining  the  remarkable 
ridge  of  La  Serra.  which  lies  between 
the  two  towns.  This  is  really  the  L- 
hand  moraine  of  the  great  glacier 
which  formerly  filled  the  valley  of 
Aosta,  and  extends  for  a  distance  of 
15J  miles  from  the  foot  hills  across 
the  Piedmontese  plain.  The  ascent 
from  Ivrea  is  by  steep  zigzags.  The 
view  from  the  gap,  looking  back 
towards  Monte  Viso  and  the  peaks 
round  the  Mont  Cenis,  is  very  beauti- 
ful, while  the  considerable  lake  of 
Viverone  is  an  ornament  to  the  fore- 
ground.  The  top  is  a  broad  level, 
across  which  run  the  long  ridges  of 
successive  moraines.  After  a  while 
the  road  descends  steeply  through 
chestnut  forests,  and  crosses  the 
strange  region  known  as  La  Bessa, 
covered  with  piles  of  stones  believed 
to  represent  the  remains  of  Roman 
I  gold  diggings.  At  Mongrando,  J  hr. 
from  Biella,  the  traveller  may  profit 
by  a  tramway  which  will  bring  him 
to  Biella  in  j  hr. 

Far  more  interesting,  however,  to 
pedestrians  is  the  walk  from  Ivrea 
or  Settimo  Vittone  by  the  village  of 
Andrate  (exquisitely  placed  on  a  spur 
commanding  the  entrance  to  the  Val 


536        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


d'Aosta),  Croce  Serra  (853  m.,  2,799 
ft.),  Donato,  and  Graglia,  At 
Donato,  some  2\  or  3  hrs.  from  Ivrea, 
carriages  can  generally  be  had  for  the 
descent  to  Biella  (3  hrs.  on  foot  from 
Donato).  The  road  passes  under  the 
Sanctuary  of  Graglia  (see  below), 
which  may  be  visited  by  an  hour's 
dftour.  This  excursion  cannot  be 
to:>  warmly  recommended. 

Biella  is  a  very  thriving  town,  full 
of  cloth  works,  at  the  opening  of  the 
Val  d"* Andorno ,  whence  flows  the 
Cervo,  to  join  the  Sesia  near  Yercelli. 
It  is  divided  into  an  upper  and  lower 
town,  connected  by  a  funicular  rail- 
way. In  the  lower  town  there  is  a 
very  ancient  Baptistery,  the  church 
of  St.  Sebastian  (with  some  pictures 
attributed  to  Bernardino  Luini  and 
Gaudenzio  Ferrari),  and  a  monument 
in  honour  of  the  late  eminent  states- 
man Quintino  Sella,  whose  family 
belongs  to  this  region.  In  the  upper 
town  is  the  hydropathic  establishment 
of  Biella-Piazzo  (closed  in  1895). 
(For  Biella  and  its  neighbourhood 
consult  the  '  Guida  pel  villeggiante 
nel  Biellese,'  by  Pertusi  and  Ratti, 
2nd  edition,  Turin,  1887.) 

Not  far  from  Biella  (J  hr.'s  drive) 
is  the  well-preserved  mediaeval  castle 
of  Gaglianico.  if  hr.'s  drive  from 
Biella  is  the  Sanctuary  of  Graglia 
(812  m. ,  2,664  ft.),  on  an  eminence 
overlooking  the  plain  of  Piedmont. 
Near  it  is  a  large  hydropathic  esta- 
blishment. There  are  several  other 
such  establishments  near  Biella,  all 
much  frequented  in  summer.  That 
of  Cos  si  la  is  \\  m.  X.  of  the  town  ; 
that  of  Andorno  (4  miles)  is  close  to 
the  large  and  thriving  village  of  that 
name,  while  a  third  (2  hrs.:  beautiful 
drive  from  Biella)  is  near  the  Sanctu- 
ary of  Oropa. 

i.  Travellers  approaching  Gressoney 
from  Biella  may  best  avail  themselves 
of  one  or  other  of  the  passes  leading 
to  the  lower  reach  of  the  Val  de  Lys 
(Rte.  D).  The  southernmost  of 
these  is  the  Col  de  Carisei,  leading 
by  Graglia  to  Lillianes.  The  finest 
way  is    by  the    Col    della  Ba7'?na 


\   d"  Oropa    (2,261    m.,     7,418  ft.), 

I  between  the  famous  Sanctuary  of 
\    Oropa   and   Fontainemore   (5  hrs.) 

This  Sanctuary  ( 1, 180  m. ,  3,872  ft. ) 
'   is  9  miles  by  high  road  N.W.  of 
j   Biella,  and  consists  of  a  noble  pile  of 
buildings,  forming  two  quadrangles, 
surrounded  by  chapels.    It  contains 
an   ancient   wooden   statue   of  the 
Madonna,    which   annually  attracts 
thither  70,000  pilgrims.  Travellers 
find  accommodation  at  a  large  hydro- 
pathic establishment  near  by,  or  at 
the  Hospice,  taking  their  meals  at  an 
adjoining    Restaurant.     From  the 
Sanctuary  there  is  a  very  interesting 
carriage  road  (due  to  the  liberality  of 
a  local  benefactor)  passing  by  a  long 
tunnel  under  the  crest  of  the  Colle 
\  della  Colma  (1,622  m.,  5,322  ft.), 
and  then  descending  in  extraordinary 
i   zigzags    to    the    Sanctuary   of  San 
\    Giovanni    d^  Andorno,     1,020  m., 
3,347  ft.  (2\  hrs.'  walk),  very  finely 
situated  in  the  middle  portion  of  the 
Andorno  valley.    This  is  7J  m.  by 
high  road  from  Biella,  so  that  visitors 
may  combine    Oropa  and    the  Yal 
d'Andorno    in    a    single  excursion. 
'   (For  the  more  direct   passes  from 

•  Piedicavallo  to  the  Val  de  Lys  see 
below. ) 

ii.  The  way  from  Biella  to  the  Val 

•  Sesia  lies  through  the  Val  d'Andomo 
itself,  up  which  a  good  carriage  road 
runs  in  12  miles  to  the  highest  village, 
Piedicavallo,  1,037  m.,  3,402  ft. 

[Hence  the  Colle  della  Vecchia 
(2, 186  m. ,  7, 172  ft. )  and  the  Colle  delta 
Mologna  Piccola  (2,095  m-»  6,874  ft.) 
lead  over  in  5  hrs.  to  Gaby,  in  the 
Val  de  Lys,  above  Issime.    N.E.  of 

:  the  last-named  pass  is  the  Colle  della 
Mologna  Grande,  whence  a  cairn - 
marked  level  traverse  leads  N.W.  to 
the  Col  de  Loozoney,  by  which  and 
the    Loo  glen  (Rte.  I)  the  hamlet 

!  of  Loomatt°n,  about  I  hr.  below 
Gressoney  St.  Jean,  is  gained,  7  hrs. 
being  required  from  Piedicavallo  to 
Gressoney  by  this  route.  J 

From  Piedicavallo  the  Val  Sesia 
may  be  most  easily  gained  by  the 
mule  path  over  the  Bocchetta  del  Croso 


ROUTE  K.    IVREA  TO  ORTA  BY  BIELLA 


537 


(1,940  m.j  6,365  ft.)  and  the  Val 
Sorba,  5-6  hrs.  sufficing  to  go  from 
Piedicavallo  to  the  high  road  below 
Campertogno,  in  the  Val  Sesia.  The 
finest  way,  however,  is  to  ascend  the 
Monte  Bo,  2,556  m.,  8,386  ft.  (5 § 
hrs.  from  Piedicavallo),  a  peak  which 
may,  perhaps,  be  identified  with  the 
i  Monboso,'  ascended  long  ago  by 
Leonardo  da  Vinci,  and  rising  cer- 
tainly in  the  range  E.  of  the  Val  Sesia. 
(There  is  a  Club  hut  close  to  the 
top. )  The  descent  may  be  made  to 
the  Bocchetta,  or  direct  by  the  N.W. 
flank  into  the  Val  Sorba.  In  this 
glen  are  the  marble  quarries  of  Mas- 
succo,  now  no  longer  worked. 
hrs.  from  Piedicavallo  by  the  Boc- 
chetta is  the  village  of  Rassa,  whence 
there  is  a  char  road  down  the  Sorba 
valley,  which  at  its  mouth  bears  N., 
and  joins  the  main  road  in  the  Val 
Sesia  a  little  way  below  Camper- 
togno. 

The  quickest  way  from  Biella  to 
Orta  is  by  rail  (71  \  m.)  through 
Santhia,  Novara,  and  Gozzano.  But 
it  is  easy,  and  far  more  charming,  to 
spend  the  day  on  a  drive  (40  m. )  by 
way  of  Borgo  Sesia  and  Valduggia. 
The  drive  from  Biella  to  Borgo  Sesia 
takes  about  4!  hrs.  (it  can  be  shortened 
one-half  by  taking  train  round  by 
Cossato  to  Valle  Mosso,  but  the  most 
beautiful  scenery  is  thus  lost.)  For 
the  first  1 J  hr.  the  road  is  terraced 
along  the  bays  of  the  foot-hills. 

[10  min.  beyond  Petti?iengo  a  foot 
path  leads  in  f  hr.  to  the  top  of  the 
Cima  del  la  Rovella  (890  m. ,  2,920  ft. ), 
which  includes  in  its  panorama  the 
whole  of  the  Western  Alps  and  the 
Bernina  chain.  J 

The  road  descends  to  a  stream 
lined  with  cloth  factories,  and  then 
climbs  again  to  the  finely  placed 
small  town  of  Mosso  Santa  Maria 
(-J  hr.  above  Valle  Mosso  station). 
A  terrace  road  brings  the  traveller 
to  the  village  of  Sella,  which,  as 
its  name  implies,  is  situated  on  the 
saddle  forming  the  limit  of  the  basin 
of  the  Sesia. 

[Hence  the  Monte  San  Bernardo 


di  Trivero  (1,408  m.,  4,620  ft.),  com- 
manding a  fine  view  over  Val  S as  sera, 
a  valley  of  pastures,  without  permanent 
villages,  to  Monte  Rosa,  can  be  reached 
in  2  hrs.  It  was  the  last  refuge  of 
Fra  Dolcino,  the  heretic,  who  in  1307 
was  burnt  on  the  sands  near  the  junc- 
tion of  the  Cervo  with  the  Sesia.  As 
a  thankoffering  for  their  victory  over 
him  and  his  followers  the  inhabitants 
of  the  neighbourhood  built  on  the 
summit,  where  these  heretics  made 
their  last  stand,  a  chapel  dedicated  to 
St.  Bernard,  the  great  adversary  of 
heretics.  J 

The  descent  to  Borgo  Sesia 
(Rte.  E),  near  the  junction  of  the 
Sessera  and  the  Sesia,  is  less  in- 
teresting than  the  earlier  part  of  the 
drive.  From  Borgo  Sesia  there  is  a 
lovely  drive  of  3  hrs.  by  Valduggia  (the 
birthplace  of  Gaudenzio  Ferrari)  to 
the  S.  end  of  the  lake  of  Orta,  and 
so  to  Orta,  now  a  station  on  the 
railway  from  Domo  d'Ossola  to  No- 
vara (§  21.  Rte.  A). 


Route  L. 

ORTA  TO  PONTE  GRANDE  BY  THE 
VAL  MASTALLONE. 

None  of  the  ways  for  approaching 
the  Monte  Rosa  group  enumerated  in 
this  volume  offer  greater  variety  of 
beautiful  and  grand  scenery  than 
those  described  in  this  and  the  fol- 
lowing Rtes.  The  Val  Mastallone 
opens  into  the  Val  Sesia  at  Varallo, 
so  that  it  is  better  to  sleep  there  or  at 
Fobello  rather  than  to  attempt  to 
reach  Ponte  Grande  from  Orta  in  one 
very  long  day. 

The  best  way  from  Orta  to  Varallo 
is  to  cross  the  Lake  of  Orta  (§21.  Rte. 
A)  to  Bella,  on  the  W.  shore,  where 
donkeys  may  be  found  by  those  who 
wish  to  ride  over  theColle  della  Colma 
(942  m.,  3,091  ft.),  which  traverses 


538        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


the  low  ridge  between  the  lake  and 
the  Val  Sesia.  An  active  pedestrian 
may  easily  accomplish  the  distance  in 
4  hrs. ,  but  it  is  a  pity  to  hurry  through 
the  exquisite  scenery.  From  Pella  a 
rather  steep,  paved  path  mounts  along 
the  channel  of  a  little  torrent  amidst 
vines  and  fig  trees,  with  masses  of 
crumbling  granite  projecting  here  and 
there  from  the  hill  slope.  In  less 
than  an  hour  the  little  village  of  Arola 
is  reached.  A  paved  track  turns  N. 
to  Cesara,  which  is  connected  by  a 
carriage  road  with  Omegna,  but  the 
way  to  Varallo  lies  nearly  due  W., 
partly  amid  chestnut  trees,  till  in  2 
hrs.  the  Colma  is  reached.  From  a 
slight  eminence  to  the  1.  Monte  Rosa 
and  some  more  distant  peaks  are  in 
view.  The  track  winds  down  the 
hill-side  and  enters  a  little  open  glen, 
in  which  is  the  hamlet  of  Civiasco. 
Here  a  char  road  begins,  which  winds 
round  the  declivity  on  the  r.  and 
reaches  the  Sesia  valley  very  near 
Varallo.  The  botanist  will  observe 
Hie7-acium  porrifoliui?i  growing  on 
granite  rocks. 

The  Val  Mastallone  joins  the  Sesia 
close  to  the  town,  and  there  is  now  a 
good  carriage  road  past  the  Baraccone 
(9 J-  m. ),  at  the  junction  of  the  two 
main  branches  of  the  valley,  to  Fobello 
(2  m.)  and  Rimella  (2jm.)  respec- 
tively. Nature,  which  has  done  so 
much  to  adorn  this  region,  seems  to 
have  surpassed  herself  here.  The 
most  exquisite  combinations  of  rock, 
and  wood,  and  water  succeed  each 
other  throughout  the  valley.  In  one 
place,  called  La  Gida,  about  2\  m. 
from  Varallo,  it  is  contracted  to  a 
mere  gorge,  and  a  stone  bridge  of  a 
single  arch  spans  the  torrent.  An- 
other bridge  higher  up  gives  a  pas- 
sage to  the  new  road,  cut  out  in  the 
rock.  About  \  m.  beyond  Ferrera 
the  valley  divides,  an  inn,  the  Barac- 
cone, standing  just  at  this  point. 

a.  The  W.  branch,  though  longer, 
offers  the  easiest  way  to  Ponte  Grande. 
Keeping  to  the  L  the  new  road  is 
carried  on  2  m.  beyond  the  junction 
to  the  little  village  of  Fobello  (880  m., 


2,887  ft-)?  famous  for  its  cooks,  who 
migrate  hence  to  all  parts  of  Europe. 
The  low  ridge  of  the  Baranca  Pass 
(1,820  m.,  5,971  ft.)  closes  the  head  of 
this  glen.  The  ascent  by  a  mule  pass 
is  short  and  easy,  but  the  scenery  di- 
minishes in  interest  towards  the  head 
of  the  valley.  (To  the  r.  is  the  Pizzo 
del  Moro,  2,335  m->  7> 661  com- 
manding a  fine  view,  and  accessible  in 
3f  hrs.  from  Fobello. )  The  summit  of 
the  Baranca  Pass  is  marked  by  a  small 
oratory  (3  hrs.  from  Fobello),  not  far 
from  which  is  a  small  inn.  At  the 
Selle  huts,  on  the  pasture  plateau 
over  which  the  way  lies,  the  path 
joins  that  from  the  Col  d'Egua  (Rte. 
I).  The  view  towards  the  Val  An- 
zasca,  though  beautiful,  is  not  first- 
rate.  Ponte  Grande  is  gained  in 
2  hrs.  from  the  pass. 

b.  The  most  direct  way  from  Varallo 
to  Ponte  Grande  is  through  the  E. 
branch  of  the  Val  Mastallone,  at  the 
head  of  which  is  the  Orchetta  or 
Drochetta  Pass  (1,820m.,  5,971  ft.) 
It  is  not  passable  for  mules,  but  the 
view  is  much  finer  than  that  from  the 
Baranca.  There  is  a  very  steep  char 
road  up  the  glen  as  far  as  (2J  m. ) 
the  village  of  Rimella  (1,181  m., 
3,875  ft.),  on  a  steep  slope  700  ft. 
above  the  stream.  This  is  a  German- 
speaking  village,  for  it  is  an  offshoot 
of  the  Vallaisan  colony  established  at 
Macugnaga.  The  stream  is  still  called 
'  Landwasser,'  and  other  German 
names  survive  in  popular  usage.  The 
ascent  thence  to  the  Col  is  very  steep 
and  winding  at  first.  The  pass  is 
gained  in  3  hrs.  from  the  Baraccone, 
or  in  about  the  same  time  from  Fo- 
bello, by  a  path  which  mounts  steeply 
to  the  ridge  dividing  the  two  glens, 
and  then  runs  nearly  on  a  level  to  the 
pass.  A  very  steep  descent  over  de- 
bris and  grass  slopes  leads  to  the  level 
of  the  Val  Olocchia,  the  r.  bank  of 
the  torrent  in  which  is  followed  till 
by  a  bridge  the  mule  path  from  the 
Baranca  Pass  is  joined  10  min.  above 
Bannio.  Ponte  Grande  is  gained  in 
2  hrs.  from  the  summit. 


ROUTE  M.  ORTA  TO  PONTE  GRANDE  BY  THE  VAL  STRONA  539 


Route  M. 

ORTA  TO  PONTE  GRANDE  BY 
THE  VAL  STRONA. 

The  Val  Strona,  of  which  it  is 
enough  to  say  that  it  is  worthy  to 
compete  with  the  tributary  glens  of 
the  Val  Sesia,  pours  its  torrent  into 
the  stream  that  drains  the  Lake  of 
Orta,  just  as  this  flows  out  close  to 
Omegna,  5§  m.  by  rail  from  Orta 
(§  21.  Rte.  A).  Like  most  of  the 
neighbouring  valleys  this  is  narrow, 
sinuous,  and  richly  wooded,  possess- 
ing thus  varied  scenery,  but  no  distant 
views.  There  is  now  a  new  char 
road  up  the  valley,  chiefly  along  the 
1.  bank,  as  far  as  Forno  (3 J  hrs.' 
walking).  Hence  a  good  mule  path 
leads  up  to  the  highest  village,  Cam- 
pello  Monti  (1,290  m.,  4,232  ft.) 
The  usual  course  hence  to  the  Val 
Anzasca  is  circuitous,  but  throughout 
very  interesting.  A  track  mounting 
S.  W.  from  the  village  leads  in  i\  hr. 
to  the  Bocchetta  di  Campello  (in  dialect 
■ Jattal'=  '  Sattel ')  (1,926  m.,  6,319 
ft. ),  which  commands  one  of  the  finest 
distant  views  of  Monte  Rosa.  A  very 
rough  track,  scarcely  practicable  for 
a  laden  mule,  passes  by  San  Gottardo, 
and  in  3  hrs.  from  Campello  (till  1816 
Campello  was,  oddly  enough,  part  of 
the  commune  of  Rimella)  reaches 
Rimella,  in  the  E.  branch  of  the  Val 
Mastallone  (see  last  Rte.)  Ponte 
Grande  may  be  reached  hence  by 
the  Orchetta  Pass,  but  it  is  better  to 
make  the  circuit  by  Fobello,  in  the 
W.  branch  of  the  last-named  valley 

Mr.  F.  Mills  has  favoured  the 
Editor  (J.  B. )  with  notes  of  the  direct 
way  between  Campello  and  the  Val 
Anzasca.  It  lies  over  the  N.  E.  ridge 
of  the  Cima  di  Cappezzone,  N.  of 
Campello,  crossing  probably  at  the 
point  marked  2,189  m-  on  the  Italian 
map  (the  Colle  della  Crosetta).  The 
descent  is  through  the  Vallon  della 
Segnara,  which  opens  into  the  Val 
Anzasca  below  Calasca.    The  ridge 


is  steep,  and  the  way  a  little  difficult 
from  the  want  of  a  traced  path  near 
the  summit.  A  track  is  found  below 
the  highest  chalet  in  the  Segnara 
glen,  which  is  followed  to  Calasca. 
The  Segnara  glen  may  also  be  gained 
from  Rimella  by  the  ridge  between 
the  Cima  di  Capezzone  and  the 
Monte  Mora,  in  which  there  is  a  gap 
marked  2,222  fir.  on  the  Italian  map. 

(A  very  interesting  way  from 
Omegna  to  Varallo  is  by  the  village 
of  Quarna,  and  then  over  the  Monte 
Massucone  (1,424  m.,  4,672  ft.)  to 
Camasco,  whence  a  char  road  leads 
direct  to  Varallo  by  the  Crosa  glen. 
This  mountain  is  rather  lower  than 
the  Mottarone  (§  21.  Rte.  A.),  and 
Monte  Rosa  is  some  miles  nearer, 
but  it  misses  in  great  part  beautiful 
views  over  the  lakes,  which  have  ob- 
tained for  its  rival  the  title  of  the 
Italian  Rigi.  7-8  hrs.  should  be 
allowed  for  this  route  from  Omegna 
to  Varallo. ) 


Route  N. 

visp  to  macugnaga  by  the 
monte  moro. 

In  the  preceding  portion  of  this 
Section  we  have  supposed  the  tra- 
veller to  approach  the  Monte  Rosa 
range  by  the  W.  branch  of  the  Visp 
valley,  or  else  from  the  Italian  side. 
There  remains  another  route,  by  the 
E.  branch  of  the  Visp  valley,  which 
in  grandeur  of  scenery  vies  with 
any  of  those  hitherto  described.  For 
travellers  who  intend  to  make  a  com- 
plete tour  of  the  entire  district,  com- 
mencing and  concluding  on  the  Swiss 
side,  the  best  arrangement  is  to  begin 
with  the  present  route :  and,  after 
passing  some  time  in  the  Italian  val- 
leys on  the  S.  slope  of  the  chain,  to 
reach  Zermatt  by  the  St.  Theodule. 
Traces  of  the  mediaeval  paved  track 


540       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


are  found  on  both  sides  of  the  Monte 
Moro,  but  horses  cannot  cross  the 
upper  portion  of  the  route,  which 
must  be  made  on  foot. 

[A  pedestrian  going  round  from  the 
Saas  to  the  Zermatt  valley,  or  vice 
versa,  need  not  ascend  to  the  Kinn- 
briicke,  but  may  save  an  hour  by  a 
short  cut  sometimes  called  the  '  Stal- 
denjoch.'  '  In  descending  from  Saas, 
soon  after  you  come  in  sight  of  Stal- 
den,  a  path  turns  to  the  1.  about  50 
yards  below  a  place  where  the  track, 
carried  at  a  great  height,  is  guarded 
by  rough  railing.  Here  are  some 
magnificent  pine  trees.  You  now  leave 
the  mule  track  and  take  to  the  side 
of  the  watercourse,  and  when  this 
comes  to  an  end  a  track  in  the  same 
direction,  but  lower  down,  leads  to  the 
main  road  in  the  Zermatt  valley,  near 
the  second  bridge  below  St.  Niklaus ' 
(R.  S.  W. )  There  is  also  a  track  from 
the  Hutegg  inn  round  the  mountain- 
side, past  the  Hannig  Alp  and 
Grdchen  to  St.  Niklaus,  and  an 
easy  though  stony  direct  pass,  the 
Ferrichliicke  (2,889  m->  9*479  ft.), 
across  the  range  N.  of  the  Balfrin. 
The  passes  S.  of  that  summit  are 
described  in  Rte.  P.] 

The  railway  from  Visp  to  Stalden 
(4J  m. )  has  been  described  in  Rte.  A. 
From  the  Stalden  station  (no  need 
to  enter  the  village)  the  railway  is 
crossed  by  a  mule  track,  which  passes 
over  the  Kiiinbriicke,  a  single  arch 
1 50  ft.  above  the  Matter  Visp,  and, 
entering  the  E.  branch  of  the  valley, 
mounts  rapidly  along  the  1.  bank  of 
the  Saaser  Visp.  The  valley  narrows 
to  a  defile  between  steep  and  high 
mountains,  whose  summits  are  not 
seen  from  below,  and  passes  the 
hamlet  of  Eisten,  and  a  little  inn  at 
the  Hutegg,  before  crossing  to  the  r. 
bank  by  the  Martinsbriicke.  This 
bridge  takes  its  name  from  the  forest 
of  St.  Martin,  which  has  given  its 
name  to  the  Mattwaldhorn  and  to 
Mattmark,  the  two  extremities  of  the 
parish  of  Saas  since  the  thirteenth 
century.  The  track  recrosses  the 
stream,  and  in  2  hrs.  from  Stalden 


reaches  a  little  green  plain,  where 
stands  the  village  of  Balen.  Here 
the  path  passes  to  the  r.  bank,  and 
the  valley  widens  out  so  as  to  show 
some  of  the  neighbouring  peaks.  In 
3^  hrs. '  steady  walking  from  Stalden 
the  traveller  reaches 

Saas  Grund,  so  called  to  distin- 
guish it  from  Saas  Fee,  f  hr.  up  on 
the  slopes  to  the  W.  The  name  Saas 
is  derived  either  from  the  Italian  word 
for  a  stone  ('sasso')  or  from  a  Ro- 
mance word  ('saucea')  meaning  an 
osier  thicket.  In  either  case  it  is  a 
relic  of  the  Italian  colonisation  of  this 
glen  in  1250  by  Count  Godfrey  of 
Biandrate  (see  Rte.  F),  though  later 
Teutonic  influence  has  so  disguised 
the  local  names  that  it  is  often  hard 
to  make  out  their  original  Italian 
form.  Certain  of  these  names — e.g. 
Mischabel,  Allalin,  Almagell,  Monte 
Moro — have  been  supposed  to  be  due 
to  a  Saracen  settlement  here  in  the 
tenth  century,  but  this  theory  has  no 
definite  historical  evidence  in  its  fa- 
vour, and  is  opposed  to  what  we 
know  of  the  authentic  history  of  this 
valley.  A  former  priest  of  the  parish 
of  Saas,  Herr  Imseng,  was  renowned 
as  an  intrepid  mountaineer,  and  was 
known  to  most  visitors,  as  well  as  by 
name  to  the  readers  of  Sir  Alfred 
Wills'  '  Wanderings  among  the  High 
Alps,'  but  was  drowned  in  1869  in 
the  Mattmark  lake. 

The  village  of  Saas  (1,562  m., 
5,125  ft.)  does  not  command  any 
striking  views,  but  is  situated  in  the 
immediate  neighbourhood  of  scenery 
of  the  first  order.  The  establishment 
of  several  great  hotels  at  Saas  Fee 
(f  hr.  off  on  the  W. ),  and  of  a  modest 
mountain  inn  I  hr.  above  the  Trift  Alp 
(3  hr.  off  on  the  E. ),  have  now  deprived 
it  of  any  great  importance  as  an  Alpine 
centre.  No  traveller  should  on  any 
account  omit  a  visit  to  Fee,  which, 
with  the  ascents  and  passes  on  the  W. 
side  of  the  valley,  is  described  in  Rtes. 
O  and  P.  On  the  E.  side  it  is  worth 
while,  if  a  traveller  have  leisure,  to 
make  the  excursion  to  the  inn  above 
Trift  Alp,  the  ascents  and  passes  on 


ROUTE  N.    VISP  TO  MACUGNAGA  BY  THE  MONTE  MORO  541 


the  E.  side  of  the  valley  being  enume- 
rated in  §  21.  Rtes.  B,  C,  and  E. 

The  path  from  Saas  Grund  to  the 
Monte  Moro  lies  all  the  way  along 
the  r.  bank  of  the  Visp.  The  scenery 
is  wild  and  in  part  dreary,  but  at 
intervals  the  eye  is  relieved  by  grand 
views  of  the  surrounding  peaks  and 
glaciers.  The  geologist  cannot  fail  to 
notice  the  numerous  erratic  blocks  of 
smaragdite-gabbro,  which  come  from 
a  ridge  on  the  1.  bank  of  the  Allalin 
gl.,  and  may  be  traced  at  least  as  far 
as  Geneva.  In  some  boulders  also 
the  rare  mineral  glaucophane  is  con- 
spicuous. The  first  village  is  A  Ima- 
ge 11,  nearly  at  the  tree  limit,  and  at 
the  junction  of  the  Almagell  torrent 
(flowing  from  the  Zwischbergen  Pass, 
§  21.  Rte.  C,  and  making  a  fine  water- 
fall some  distance  above  the  village) 
with  the  Visp. 

[From  Almagell  a  path  leads  up 
direct  to  Fee,  thus  enabling  those 
descending  from  the  Monte  Moro  to 
avoid  Saas  Grund.  J 

Little  more  than  a  mile  farther 
the  more  considerable  torrent  from 
the  Furgg  glen  (for  the  pass  to 
Antrona  see  §  21.  Rte.  E)  descends 
to  join  the  Visp  near  the  houses 
of  Zermeiggern.  (As  shown  by  a 
Latin  document  of  129 1,  this  hamlet 
was  called  '  Morganum  in  the  Saas 
valley,'  to  distinguish  it  from  the 
'  Morghen  '  barrier,  or  '  Morganum 
in  the  Macugnaga  valley,'  the  name 
having  thus  been  carried  across  the 
Moro  by  the  Teutonic  settlers  from 
the  Vallais  in  the  latter  spot.)  Be- 
yond, the  scenery  increases  in  wild- 
ness,  and  the  vegetation  becomes 
more  decidedly  Alpine  ;  the  path 
mounts,  but  not  very  rapidly,  and  at 
length  in  about  2\  hrs.  from  Saas  the 
traveller  overlooks  the  Mattmark 
Lake.  This  small  lake  has  been 
formed  by  the  accumulation  of  the 
waters  of  the  Visp  behind  the  Allalin 
gl.,  which,  like  that  of  Miage,  in  the 
case  of  the  Lac  de  Combal,  has 
dammed  the  valley  across.  The  very 
rare  Pleurogyne  carinthiaca  is  found 
in  grassy  spots  near  the  lake,  and 


Arenaria  aretio'ides  in  the  Ofen  glen, 
a  little  higher  up  on  the  E.  side  of 
the  valley.  On*  the  Alp  S.  of  the 
lake  there  is  a  small  Inn  (2,123  m., 
6,966  ft.),  convenient  as  a  starting 
point  for  the  Adler  Pass  (Rte.  O)  or 
the  Schwarzberg  Weissthor  (Rte.  F) 
to  Zermatt,  and  even  for  the  Monte 
Moro  itself,  which  is  thus  reached  at 
an  early  hour,  the  chance  of  a  clear 
view  being  thus  greatly  increased. 
Not  far  from  the  inn  are  some  huge 
blocks  of  serpentine,  brought  down 
by  the  Schwarzberg  gl.  At  no  great 
distance  from  the  inn,  beyond  the 
opening  of  the  Ofen  glen  (for  the  pass 
to  Antrona  see  §21.  Rte.  E.  3.),  are 
the  chalets  of  the  Distel  Alp.  Amidst 
wild  and  dreary  scenery  the  ascent 
continues  by  a  tolerable  mule  path 
(on  the  way,  as  on  the  other  side,  are 
seen  traces  of  the  mediaeval  paved 
track)  to  the  Thalliboden  hollow  or 
plain.  Here  mules  must  be  left,  and 
the  ascent  continues  by  some  steps 
cut  in  the  rock,  and  along  the  \V. 
edge  of  the  Thalliboden  gl.  (the  gl. 
itself  is  not  touched).  Some  snow 
slopes  then  lead  to  the  pass  (2  hrs. 
!   from  Mattmark),  2,862  m.,  9.390  ft. 

[Travellers  should  note  that  the 
tempting  opening  at  the  E.  head  of 
the  gl.  is  not  the  Moro,  but  the  Mon- 
delli  Pass,  2,841  m.,  9,321  ft., 
whence  M.  Rosa  is  not  seen,  used 
in  winter,  and  at  other  times,  as  a 
short  cut  to  Ceppomorelli,  in  the  Val 
Anzasca,  5  hrs.  from  Mattmark. J 

Many  of  the  passes  in  this  district 
may  tempt,  more  than  does  the  Monte 
Moro,  the  adventurous  traveller,  who 
loves  the  flavour  of  difficulty,  not  to 
say  danger,  but  there  is  perhaps  none 
which  offers  a  scene  of  such  surpass- 
ing grandeur  as  is  here  unrolled  be- 
fore his  eyes.  The  view  of  the 
precipitous  E.  face  of  Monte  Rosa  is 
perhaps  more  wonderful  and  unique 
when  seen  from  the  Pizzo  Bianco,  but 
the  elements  of  the  sublime  and 
beautiful  are  combined  in  a  more 
complete  picture  by  the  panorama 
from  the  Monte  Moro.  It  is  well 
worth  while  to  ascend  (f  hr.)  the 


542        PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


Joderhorn  (3,040  m.,  9,974  ft.),  E. 
of  the  pass.  The  view  of  Monte  Rosa 
is  not  finer,  for  in  truth  that  cannot 
be  surpassed,  but  the  eye  is  enabled 
to  contrast  it  with  the  distant  pro- 
spect over  the  plain  of  N.  Italy,  in- 
cluding a  glimpse  of  the  Lago  Mag- 
giore  and  the  southern  ranges  of  the 
Alps.  Even  without  going  as  far  as 
the  Joderhorn  the  panorama  may  be 
extended  by  mounting  the  rocks  be- 
hind the  wooden  cross  on  the  pass, 
so  as  to  gain  the  view  of  Monte  Rosa 
on  the  one  side  and  that  of  the  entire 
Saas  valley  on  the  other. 

*  The  colonies  of  Italians  at  Saas 
(1250),  and  of  Vallaisans  at  Macug- 
naga  (between  1262  and  1291),  imply 
the  frequent  use  of  the  Monte  Moro, 
but  the  first  distinct  mention  of  a  path 
across  it  occurs  in  a  document  of 
1403,  by  which  the  men  of  the  two 
valleys  agree  to  keep  in  repair  the 
track  on  their  respective  sides  of  the 
pass,  while  in  14 10  the  Vallais  men 
made  a  raid  across  it,  but  were  de- 
feated at  Vanzone.  It  was  much  used 
in  the  fifteenth  and  sixteenth  centuries 
by  pilgrims  to  Varallo,  and  by  per- 
sons going  to  the  fair  at  Macugnaga 
or  Vogogna.  The  name  seems  to  be 
a  cross  between  two  old  names — 
Magganaberg  (the  Macugnaga  moun- 
tain or  pass)  and  Mons  Mart  is,  a 
Latinised  form  referring  to  the  Mar- 
tinswald,  or  Mattwald,  below  Saas, 
frequently  mentioned  in  old  docu- 
ments. The  latter  name  appears  also 
under  the  form  Mundmar,  and  is 
connected  with  the  Mattmark.  In 
any  case  the  name  of  the  pass  has 
nothing  to  do  with  Ludovico  il  Moro, 
duke  of  Milan'  (M.)  It  is  scarcely 
necessary  to  say  that  the  name  Monte 
Moro  applies  to  the  pass,  and  not  to 
any  of  the  neighbouring  summits.  All 
the  old  passes  across  the  Alps  received 
this  prefix,  distinct  names  for  separate 
peaks  not  being  recognised  till  a 
much  later  date. 

[By  bearing  W.  from  the  pass  and 
traversing  the  upper  snows  of  the 
Seewinen  and  Schwarzberg  gls.,  it  is 
easy  to  reach  the  Schwarzberg  Weiss- 


thor  (Rte.  F.  c)  in  3  hrs.,  and  thence 
go  either  to  Zermatt  or  back  to  Matt- 
mark  by  the  Schwarzberg  gl.] 

The  descent  from  the  Col  to  Ma- 
cugnaga is  long,  and  for  so  frequented 
a  pass  very  steep ;  but  the  view 
which  remains  before  the  traveller's 
eyes  prevents  the  way  from  becoming 
tedious.  The  modern  mule  track 
begins  again  at  the  first  chalets.  On 
approaching  the  valley  some  scattered 
pines  represent  the  remains  of  the 
forest  that  once  filled  the  basin  of 
Macugnaga.  In  2  hrs.  from  the  pass 
the  inns  at  Macugnaga  are  gained. 
In  the  opposite  direction  4  hrs.  are 
needed  from  Macugnaga  to  the  top, 
and  about  the  same  time  for  the  de- 
scent to  Saas  Grund. 


Route  O. 

SAAS  TO  ZERMATT. 

The  range  of  the  Saasgrat,  extend- 
ing from  the  Strahlhorn  to  the  Balfrin, 
ranks  next  in  height  to  those  of 
Mont  Blanc  and  Monte  Rosa,  and 
serves  to  separate  the  valleys  of  Saas 
and  Zermatt.  Despite  the  great 
elevation  of  this  range,  the  passes 
across  it  are  by  no  means  hard,  save 
the  two  difficult  and  dangerous  tra- 
verses made  in  1869  by  Messrs.  G. 
E.  Foster  and  H.  Walker,  which  we 
do  not  count  as  '  passes  ' — the  Dom- 
joch  (4,286  m.,  14,062  ft.),  between 
the  Taschhorn  and  the  Dom,  and  the 
Nadeljoch  (4,167  m.,  13,672  ft.),  be- 
tween the  Dom  and  the  Sudlenz- 
spitze.  It  seems  most  convenient  to 
reserve  for  the  next  Rte.  a  description 
of  the  passes  over  the  N.  end  of  this 
great  chain,  leading  to  the  Ried  gl. 
In  this  Rte.  we  include  the  four  main 
passes  between  the  Taschhorn  and 
the  Dom,  referring  to  Rte.  F.  c.  for 
an  account  of  the  Schwarzberg  Weiss- 
thor,  the  easiest  of  all.    The  last- 


ROUTE  O.    SAAS  TO  ZERMATT 


543 


named  pass,  like  the  Adler,  is  best 
taken  from  the  Mattmark  inn ;  the 
others  are  easily  gained  from  Saas 
Fee,  though  the  little-used  Allalin 
Pass  is  also  reached  without  any 
trouble  from  Mattmark.  A  summary 
of  the  chief  ascents  to  be  made  from 
Saas  Fee  will  be  found  under  the 
pass  which  from  its  popularity  claims 
the  first  place. 

i.  By  the  Alphubel  Pass,  or  the 
Pee  Pass. — These  two  passes  are 
attained  by  such  similar  routes  on 
either  side  that  they  may  be  described 
together.  Some  good  authorities 
prefer  the  Fee  Pass  of  the  two,  and 
it  is  certainly  the  most  convenient, 
if  it  be  intended  to  ascend  the 
Allalinhorn. 

The  upland  valley  of  Fee  (the  name 
of  which  should  not  be  accented,  as  it 
has  no  connection  with  fairies,  but  is 
derived  from  the  old  German  word 
kfeoh,'  meaning  cattle,  or  from  'fea,' 
a  Romance  word  signifying  a  ewe, 
being  in  reality  the  pasturage  ground 
of  the  inhabitants  of  Saas  Grund)  lies 
in  a  recess  in  the  Saasgrat,  and  has 
only  of  late  years,  owing  to  the  con- 
struction of  several  large  inns,  become 
a  popular  place  of  sojourn.  The  upper 
part  of  the  basin  in  which  is  the  ham- 
let of  Fee  is  filled  by  the  extensive 
Fee  gl. ,  round  which  rise  in  a  grand 
amphitheatre  most  of  the  highest 
peaks  of  the  Saasgrat.  On  the  r.  of 
the  spectator  is  the  Siidle?izspitze(^,  300 
m.,  14,108  ft.),  which  leads  the  eye  up 
to  the  precipitous  twin  peaks  of  the 
Dom  and  the  Taschhorn,  the  culmi- 
nating summits  of  the  range.  More 
to  the  S.  are  the  flattened  summit  of 
the  Alphubel  (4,207  m.,  13,803  ft.) 
and  the  pointed  Allalinhorn  (4,034 
m.,  13,236  ft.)  From  the  latter  peak 
a  great  ridge  extends  in  a  N.E. 
direction,  forming  the  1.  boundary  of 
this  wonderful  amphitheatre,  and  ter- 
minating in  the  sharp,  rocky  summits 
of  the  Egginer  (3,377  m. ,  1 1,080  ft. ), 
and  of  the  Mittaghorn  (3,148  m., 
10,329  ft.)  It  is  over  this  wide  gl.  and 
through  gaps  between  the  peaks  that 
have  just  been  enumerated  that  the 


traveller  bound  for  Zermatt  across  the 
snow  fields  must  make  his  way. 

Fee  is  reached  in  £  hr.  from  Saas 
Grund  by  a  mule  track  which  crosses 
the  Visp  opposite  Grund,  and  mounts 
through  a  forest  and  past  the  chapel 
of  St.  Joseph  and  the  hamlet  of 
Wildi  to  the  highest  hamlet,  Fee 
(1,798  m.,  5,899  ft.), now  often  called 
Saas  Fee,  in  order  to  fix  its  position 
and  to  distinguish  it  from  the  main 
village  in  the  valley  below. 

[Apart   from    the   excursion  de- 
scribed in  connection  with  the  Alphu- 
bel Pass  to   the  Lange   Fluh,  the 
ascents  of  the   Egginer  or   of  the 
Mittaghorn  are  probably  the  most 
frequently   made   from    Fee.  The 
former  summit  is  accessible  in  about 
5  hrs.  by  way  of  the  Gaden  huts,  the 
E.  rim  of  the  Fee  gl. ,  the  small  gl.  on 
the  W.  flank  of  the  peak,  and  the  S. 
arete,  while  the  latter  summit  is  at- 
tained in  3  hrs.  by  rounding  the  base  of 
its  N.  ridge,  and  then  climbing  its  S.  E. 
arete.    Lovers  of  rock  scrambles  are 
recommended  to  go  from  the  lower 
peak  to  the  higher  (4  hrs. )  at  first  on 
the  E.,  then  on  the  W.  side  of  the 
narrow  ridge  which  connects  them. 
Other  favourite  climbs  from  Fee  are 
those  of  theNadelhorn,  Siidlenzspitze, 
Balfrin,  and    Ulrichshom  (all  de- 
scribed in  Rte.  P),  and  of  the  Alla- 
linhorn  and  Alphtibel,  described  be- 
low.   The  ascent  of  the  Dom  by  the 
great  E.  face  is  very  dangerous,  by 
reason  of  falling  stones  ;  that  of  the 
Taschhorn  from  the  E.  is  very  steep 
and  difficult,  though  not  so  dangerous, 
and  may  be  best  made  from  Fee  by 
the  ridge  running  up  from  the  Mi- 
schabeljoch  to  the  peak.  Another 
popular  rock  climb  is  that  of  the  Port- 
jengrat,  on  the  E.  side  of  the  Saas 
valley  (see  §  21.  Rte.  C).    On  the 
same  side  are  the  two  peaks  of  the 
Fletschhorn,     and    the  Weissmies, 
which  if  taken  from  Fee  involve  a 
descent  to  the  main  valley  before  the 
real  climb  begins,  and  so  may  be  most 
conveniently  made  from  the  inn  above 
the  Trift  Alp  (see  §  21.  Rtes.  B  and 
C).    There  is  a  direct  path  from  Fee 


544       PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


to  the  village  of  Almagell,  which 
shortens  the  way  to  some  of  these 
points  if  taken  from  Fee.  J 

The  Fee  gl.  is  divided  into  two 
large  branches  by  the  rocky  promon- 
tory of  the  Gletscher  Alp,  visible  from 
the  village  of  Fee.  A  zigzag  path 
leads  up  to  the  huts  of  that  name  in 
hr.  from  Fee,  and  it  is  worth 
while,  even  for  those  not  crossing  any 
glacier  pass,  to  continue  to  mount  to 
the  upper  end  of  the  promontory,  or 
Lange  Fluh  (1  hr.  more).  Here  the 
ice  is  entered  on.  A  party  bound  for 
the  Alphubel  Pass  must  then  mount 
the  gl.  in  a  slightly  S.W.  direction, 
keeping  to  the  L  of  a  great  wall  of  rocks 
coming  down  from  the  Alphubel  peak, 
3  hrs.  from  the  Lange  Fluh  sufficing 
to  reach  the  pass  (3,802  m.,  12,474 
ft.)  (If  bound  for  the  Fee  Pass,  the 
ascent  from  the  Lange  Fluh  must  be 
made  in  a  nearly  due  S.  direction,  the 
pass  (3,812  m.,  12,507  ft.),  at  theW. 
foot  of  the  Allalinhorn,  being  also 
gained  in  about  3  hrs. ) 

The  Alphubel  Pass  was  discovered 
by  Mr.  Leslie  Stephen  in  1 860,  but  first 
completely  traversed  in  the  following 
year  by  Messrs.  F.  F.  Tuckett  and  C. 

H.  Fox.  The  peak  of  the  Alphubel 
(4,207  nr.,  13,803  ft.)  can  be  climbed 
from  it  in  2  hrs.,  and  commands  a 
fine  view,  though  the  Bernese  Ober- 
land  peaks  are  already  in  sight  from 
the  pass  itself.  But  the  icy  slopes  are 
not  always  easy,  and  this  summit  is 
more  easily  reached  by  a  snow  ridge 
in  I  hr.  from  the  Mischabeljoch,  on  its 
N.  On  the  other  hand,  easy  snow 
slopes  lead  from  the  Fee  Pass  in 
\\  hr.  up  the  Allalinhorn  (4,034  m., 
13,236  ft.),  a  very  fine  point  of  view  ; 
it  can  be  gained  by  several  other 
routes,  and  taken  on  the  way  from 
Fee  to  Zermatt. 

The  easiest  way  down  from  the 
Alphubel  Pass  is  to  bear  round  to  the 

I.  ,  so  as  ultimately  to  gain  the  rock 
ridge  between  the  Wand  and  Melli- 
chen  gis.,  and  then  the  r.  bank  of  the 
latter  ice  stream,  where  the  route  from 
the  Fee  Pass  (broken  rocks  above)  is 
joined.    In  about  2  hrs.  from  either 


pass  the  inn  on  the  lower  Tasch  Alp 
(2, 1 17  m. ,  6,946  ft. )  is  gained.  There 
is  a  foot  path  hence  to  Zermatt  (and 
also  a  direct  descent  to  the  hamlet  of 
Tasch),  carried  for  a  considerable 
distance  along  a  watercourse.  It 
joins  the  main  track  in  the  Zermatt 
valley  a  short  distance  below  the 
bridge  over  the  Visp  between  Tasch 
and  Zermatt.  About  i-|  hr.  are  re- 
quired from  the  Tasch  inn  to  Zermatt. 

2.  By  the  Mischabeljoch. — This 
pass  lies  between  the  Taschhorn  and 
the  Alphubel  peak,  and  was  first 
effected  in  1862  by  Messrs.  H.  B. 
George,  C.  and  W.  Trotter,  and 
Thomason,  with  Christian  Aimer 
and  Peter  Bohren.  It  is  harder, 
though  shorter  in  point  of  distance, 
than  the  passes  described  under  1. 
\  hr.  beyond  the  Lange  Fluh  the 
Alphubel  Pass  route  is  left,  and 
then  a  rock  ridge  more  to  the  N.W., 
snow  slopes,  and  a  final  ice  slope 
ascended  to  the  Col,  3,856  m., 
12,651  ft.  (3§  hrs.  from  the  Lange 
Fluh. )  The  view  may  be  much  ex- 
tended by  following  an  easy  snow 
ridge  on  the  S.  to  the  summit  of  the 
Alphubel  peak  (1  hr. )  The  rocky 
ridge  on  the  N.W.  offers  the  best, 
though  not  altogether  easy,  route 
from  Fee  up  the  Taschhorn,  which 
is  reached  in  5-6  hrs.  from  the  pass. 

The  first  party  were  forced  to  cut 
down  the  icefall  of  the  Weingarteji 
gl. ,  on  the  W.  side  of  the  pass.  But 
in  1867  Messrs.  D.  W.  Freshfield, 
T.  H.  Carson,  and  C.  C.  Tucker, 
with  D.  Bailey  and  Franz  Andermat- 
ten,  were  accidentally  led  by  chamois 
tracks  from  the  easy  upper  portion  of 
that  gl.  to  a  point  in  the  rocks  on  the 
1.  of  the  icefall,  from  which  the  de- 
scent was  found  perfectly  easy.  The 
Alphubel  and  Fee  Pass  routes  are 
joined  in  2\  hrs.  from  the  Col  at  the 
Tasch  inn. 

3.  By  the  Allalin  Pass. — This  is 
the  oldest  of  all  the  passes  between  the 
Saas  and  Zermatt  valleys,  and  the 
references  in  old  writers  to  a  pass  over 
the  Saasgrat  all  apply  to  it.  It  was 
reached  from  the  W.  side  in  1845  by  an 


ROUTE  O.  SAAS 

English    party— one    member    was  I 
named  Shuttle  worth— but  first  crossed 
in  modern  times  by  Herr  Imseng  (the 
priest  of  Saas)  thrice  before  1847,  and  | 
by  Professor  Ulrich's  party  in  1847.  j 
As  it  is  inferior  in  scenery  to  its  rivals, 
and  a  less  direct  way  from  Saas  than 
the  passes  already  described,  it  may 
be  here  dismissed  shortly. 

If  the  start  be  made  from  Matt- 
mark,  the  Allalin  gl.  is  reached  by 
the  same  route  as  for  the  Adler  Pass 
.(below,  4),  and  the  pass  (3,570  m., 
11,713  ft.)  gained  by  making  a  great 
bend  to  the  N.  over  that  gl.  (4 \  hrs. 
from  Mattmark. )  A  party  coming 
from  Fee  must  cross  the  ridge  running 
N.E.  from  the  Allalinhorn  about 
midway  between  that  summit  and  the 
Egginer,  and  then  a  broad  snow  col 
from  the  Hohlaub  gl.  to  the  Allalin  gl. , 
the  pass  being  attained  in  5  hrs.  or  so 
from  Fee. 

The  view  from  the  Col  includes 
the  great  peaks  enclosing  the  Zermatt 
valley  from  the  Lyskamm  to  the  Weiss- 
horn,  but  may  be  much  extended  by 
climbing  (in  2  hrs.)  up  the  rocky 
ridge  on  the  N.E.  to  the  Allalinhorn^ 
a  course  taken  on  the  occasion  of  the 
first  ascent  of  that  peak  in  1856  by 
Mr.  Ames.  But  the  most  striking 
object  near  the  pass  is  the  craggy 
peak  of  the  Ri?npfischhom  (4,203  m., 
12,790  ft.),  the  climb  up  which  from 
the  pass  by  a  jagged  rock  arete  is 
very  difficult  and  takes  5  hrs. 

On  the  W.  side  the  descent  down 
the  Mellichen  gl.  is  perfectly  straight- 
forward, and  at  its  farther  end  the 
Alphubel  Pass  route  is  joined.  The 
Tasch  Alp  inn  may  be  reached  in  2\ 
hrs.  from  the  pass. 

4.  By  the  Adler  Pass.— This  is, 
perhaps,  the  most  interesting  of  the 
passes  from  Saas  to  Zermatt,  and  was 
discovered  by  Herr  Imseng,  Professor 
Ulrich,  and  G.  Studer,  who  made 
the  first  passage  in  1849.  But  it  was 
only  in  1853,  when  Herr  Imseng 
crossed  it  again,  with  Sir  Alfred 
Wills,  that  it  obtained  its  present 
name  from  an  eagle's  feather  found 
on  the  crest  of  the  ridge.  The  pass 
I. 


TO  ZERMATT  545 

may  be  reached  from    Fee  by  the 
route  described  under  3.    But  it  is 
more  convenient  to  start  from  the 
Mattmark  inn.    A  rough  track  leads 
thence   across  the   Schwarzberg  gl. 
stream  and  up  steep  slopes  to  the 
point  marked  2,872  m.  on  the  Swiss 
map.    The  ascent  then  lies  up  the 
Allalin  gl.,  the  Allalin  Pass  being  at 
the  N.W.  corner  of  the  quadrangle 
enclosing  that   gl.,  and   the  Adler 
I   Pass  at  the  S.W.  corner.    The  latter 
j   pass  is  gained  in  4J  hrs.  from  Matt- 
!   mark  (6  hrs.  from  Fee),  and  is  at  a 
height  of  3,798  m.  (12,461  ft.)  be- 
tween   the  Rimpfischhorn   and  the 
I   Strahlhorn.    Hence  the  great  range 
from  Monte  Rosa  to  the  Gabelhorn  is 
in  sight.    But  no  traveller,  favoured 
'   by  clear  weather,  should  neglect  to 
!   mount  the  easy  snow  slopes  on  the 
!   S.E.  to  the  summit  of  the  Strahlhorn, 
:   4,191  m.,  13,751  ft.  (1  hr.),  which 
\   commands  one  of  the  finest  panoramic 
j   views  in  the  Pennine  Alps.  Though 
1   a  few  feet  lower  than  its  neighbour, 
:   the  Rimpfischhorn,  it  is  better  situated, 
the  prospect  to  the  E.  and  S.  being 
comparatively  clear.    For  this  reason 
!   it  is  hard  to  point  out  a  rival  view  in 
which  all  the  elements  that  make  up 
the  grandeur  of  Alpine  scenery  are  so 
perfectly  combined.    The  Rimpfisch- 
horn (4,203  m. ,  13,790  ft.)  maybe 
gained  by  a  scramble  of  3  hrs.  from 
the  Col  up  rocks. 

The  first  bit  of  the  descent  fr'>m  the 
Adler  Pass  was  formerly  feared,  but  is 
not  now  regarded  as  formidable  even 
by  novices.  It  consists  of  a  steep  ice 
slope  resting  against  the  rocks  of  the 
Rimpfischhorn,  which  are  too  smooth 
to  offer  hold  for  hands  or  feet.  The 
descent  is  generally  made  close  to 
these  rocks,  but  the  distance  is  for- 
tunately not  great,  so  that  J-f  hr. 
suffices  to  land  the  travellers  at  the 
head  of  the  Adler  gl.,  a  tributary  of 
the  mightier  Findelen  gl.  Here  the 
Zermatt  and  RifTel  routes  divide. 

If  bound  for  the  tipper  Riffel  inn, 
it  is  best  to  bear  S.  from  the  upper 
bit  of  the  Adler  gl. ,  and  to  keep  over 
the  upper  snows  round  the  E.  end  of 
N  N 


546         PENNINE  ALPS.    §  20.  MONTE  ROSA  DISTRICT 


the  Stockhorn,  till  the  Schwarzberg 
Weissthor  route  is  gained.  For  Zer- 
matt and  the  Riffei  Alp  the  crevasses 
at  the  W.  end  of  the  Adler  gl.  are 
threaded,  or  turned  by  the  moraine 
on  the  r.  bank.  Then  the  descent 
down  the  Findelen  gl.  to  the  Fluh  alp 
inn  (2  hrs.  from  the  pass)  is  easy.  A 
party  bound  for  Zermatt  has  simply 
to  follow  the  beaten  track  thence, 
wThile  from  the  Griinsee  inn  (see  Rte. 
A.  1),  on  the  other  side  of  that 
glacier,  there  is  a  nearly  level  mule 
path  to  the  RifYel  Alp,  if  that  be  the 
object  of  the  day's  journey. 

It  is  possible  to  combine  bits  of 
some  of  these  passes  on  the  way  over 
from  Saas  to  Zermatt,  and  of  course 
the  peaks  between  them  can  be  tra- 
versed, without  touching  the  summit 
of  any  of  the  passes  themselves. 


Route  P. 

SAAS  TO  ST.  NIKLAUS. 

It  has  been  already  pointed  out 
(Rte.  A.  3.  k. )  that,  only  separated 
from  the  Dom  by  the  depression  of 
the  Nadeljoch,  there  rises  the  Siid- 
lenzspitze  (4,300  m.,  14,108  ft.), 
whence  the  ridge  of  the  Saasgrat, 
hitherto  running  N.  and  S.,  takes  a 
bend  to  the  N.W.  The  next,  and 
highest,  summit  on  this  N.W.  spur  is 
the  Nadelhorn  (4,334  m.,  14,220  ft.),  j 
at  which  point  this  spur  splits  into  \ 
two  great  ridges.  That  known  as  the  j 
Nadelgrat  runs  in  a  N.W.  direction, 
and  is  crowned  by  several  lofty 
points,  while  a  lower  ridge  bends 
first  N.E.  to  the  Ulrichshorn  (3,929 
m.,  12,891  ft.),  and  then  N.  to  the 
Balfrin  (3,802  m.,  12,474  ft.),  which 
forms  the  N.  end  of  the  Saasgrat, 
.and  is  the  summit  which  is  so  con- 
spicuous from  Visp  and  the  valley  of 
the  Rhone.  Between  these  two 
branches  extends  the  vast  Ried  gl., 
the  vast  dimensions  of  which  startle 
the  traveller,  as  it  is  quite  invisible 


from  below.  It  offers  in  itself  but 
slight  difficulties,  but  access  to  it  from 
the  Saas  side  is  not  altogether  easy, 
and  the  routes  are  intricate.  On  that 
side  there  are  two  smaller  gls.  :  that 
to  the  S.  is  the  Hohbalen  gl.,  and 
gives  access  to  the  Windjock  [c, 
3,800  m.,  12,468  ft.),  between  the 
Nadelhorn  and  the  Ulrichshorn,  while 
that  to  the  N.  is  the  Bider  gl. ,  at 
the  head  of  which  is  the  Ried  Pass 
(11,800  ft.),  between  the  Ulrichshorn 
and  the  Balfrin.  But,  as  the  Bider 
gl.  is  very  steep,  it  is  usual  to  gain 
the  Ried  Pass  by  climbing  from  the 
I.  bank  of  the  Hohbalen  gl.  up  the 
rock  wall  which  supports  the  r.  bank 
of  the  Bider  gl. ,  and  then  following 
the  crest  of  that  wall.  Hence  the 
Windjoch  is  the  shortest  and  best  of 
these  two  passes. 

(a)  The  Windjoch.— Though  this 
pass  was  not  discovered  till  1886  by 
Sir  Martin  Conway,  and  Messrs. 
Scriven  and  West,  it  is  now  the  usual 
route  from  Fee  to  the  Ried  gl. , 
whence  several  of  the  great  peaks 
around  may  be  climbed.  The  way 
thither  from  Fee  lies  along  the  1. 
bank  of  the  torrent  flowing  from  the 
Hohbalen  gl. ,  the  rock  ridge  between 
that  gl.  and  a  smaller  one,  the  Fall 
gl. ,  on  the  S.,  and  the  upper  snows  of 
the  Hohbalen  gl.  (4J  hrs. ) 

(b)  The  Ried  Pass. — Formerly  this 
was  the  direct  glacier  route  from  Saas 
to  St.  Niklaus,  from  at  any  rate  1848, 
when  it  was  discovered  by  Herr 
Imseng  and  Prof.  Ulrich,  till  the 
discovery  of  the  Windjoch.  As  in- 
dicated above,  the  way  from  Saas 
Grund  or  Fee  lies  past  the  Hamiig 
huts  and  along  the  1.  bank  of  the 
Hohbalen  gl.  to  the  base  of  the  rock 
wall  stretching  from  the  Ulrichshorn 
to  the  Gemshorn,  and  supporting  the 
r.  bank  of  the  Bider  gl.  This  wall  is 
then  scaled  by  a  snow  couloir  or  the 
rocks  E.  of  it,  and  then  its  crest 
followed  till  it  is  possible  to  traverse 
the  upper  snows  of  that  gl.  to  the 
pass  (5^  hrs.  from  Grund,  5  hrs.  from 
Fee). 

The  traveller  having  reached  by  one 


ROUTE  P.    SAAS  TO  ST.  NIKLAUS 


547 


or  ether  of  these  passes  the  edge  of  the 
Ried  gl. ,  finds  himself  overlooking 
a  broad,  level  plateau  of  neve  separat- 
ing the  Nadelgrat  from  the  Balfrin. 

[If  the  latter  peak,  a  wonderful 
panoramic  point,  is  the  object  of 
the  traveller,  he  has  only  to  cross 
this  plateau  in  a  N.  direction,  and 
attain  the  summit  either  by  its  face  or 
by  either  ridge  (i  hr.  from  the  Ried 
Pass,  rather  more  from  the  Windjoch). 
The  summit  was  first  reached  in 
1 863  by  Mr.  and  Mrs.  R.  Spence 
Watson,  and  Herr  Imseng,  and  com- 
mands a  view  which  is  admirable  in 
itself,  and  is  all  the  more  striking  in 
that  the  still  higher  peaks  of  the 
Dom,  Weisshorn,  &c. ,  are  near  at 
hand.  It  is  easy  to  descend  by  the 
Balfrin  gl. ,  on  the  N.,  to  the  Saas 
valley  a  little  above  the  Hutegg  inn, 
the  start  being  made  from  the  gap 
between  the  two  points  of  the  Balfrin. 

The  Ulrichshorn  (named  in  1848 
in  honour  of  one  of  its  conquerors, 
Prof.  Ulrich)  is  accessible  by  easy 
snow  slopes  in  1  hr.  from  the  Ried 
Pass,  or  J  hr.  from  the  Windjoch. 
From  the  latter  pass  the  Nadelhor)i 
may  be  climbed  by  an  easy  ridge 
(2  hrs. )  The  Siidhnzspitze  is  best 
attained  by  continuing  to  follow  the 
difficult  E.  arete,  after  the  Windjoch 
route  quits  it  (8  hrs.  from  Fee  to  the 
summit),  or  by  gaining  this  ridge  by 
a  steep  snow  couloir  from  the  upper 
snows  of  the  Hohbalen  gl.] 

The  descent  from  either  pass  to- 
wards St.  Niklaus  is  the  same,  and 
offers  no  real  difficulties.  After  leav- 
ing the  great  plateau  of  neve  at  the 
head  of  the  gl.  it  is  best  to  turn  the 
upper  icefall  by  the  moraine  on  its  r. 
bank,  and  then  to  cross  between  the 
two  icefalls  to  the  1.  bank  of  the  gl. 
A  track  between  the  hill-side  and 
the  moraine  is  followed  to  the 
Schallbett  chalet,  below  the  tail  of  the 
gl.,  and  thenceforward  there  is  a 
good  path  past  the  village  of  Gasen- 
ried  to  St.  Niklaus  (4J  hrs.),  or  a 
more  direct  descent  along  a  water- 
course and  the  1.  bank  of  the  torrent 
from  the  Ried  gl. 


SECTION  21. 

SIMPLON  DISTRICT. 

Between  the  valley   of  Saas,  de- 
scribed in  the  last  Section,  and  the 
Simplon  Pass    there  is  a  very  con- 
siderable mountain  range,  parallel  in 
its  general  direction  with  the  Saas- 
grat,  and  important  enough  in  any 
other  neighbourhood   than   that  of 
Monte  Rosa  to  have  early  attracted 
the  attention  of  mountaineers.  After 
long  neglect  this  fine  chain  has  now 
been  thoroughly  explored,  at  any  raie 
on  its  Swiss  side.    From  the  Joder- 
horn,  E.  of  the  Monte  Moro,  to  the 
Portjengrat  (3,660  m.,  12,008  ft.)  the 
range  in  question  forms  the  watershed 
between  Switzerland  and  Italy,  the 
Italian  slope  being  all  but  entirely 
occupied  by  the  fine  and  extensive 
valley    of    Antrona,    still  scarceiv 
known  to  English  travellers.     N.  of 
the  Portjengrat  rises  the  Weissmies 
(4,031  m.,    13,226  ft.),  the  loftiest 
summit  of  the  chain.    Still  farther  to 
the  N.  are  the  twin  summits  of  the 
Fletschhorn — the  S.  peak  being  the 
Laquinhom  (4,005  m.,  13,140  ft.], 
and  the  N.  peak  the  Rossbodenhcm 
(4,001  m.,   13,128  ft.)    On  the  E. 
side  of  this  portion  of  the  range  one 
very  long  (Zwischbergen)  and  two 
short  (Laquin  and  Rossboden)  glens 
stretch  down  to  the  Simplon  road, 
all  being  by  a  freak    of  historical 
geography  in  Switzerland,  though  on 
the  S.  side  of  the  main  chain  of  the 
Alps.    A  little  to   the   N.   of  the 
Rossbodenhorn  the  chain  forks,  and 
two  parallel  ridges  of  no  great  height, 
enclosing  between  them  the  Gamser- 
thal,  descend   towards   the  Rhone 
valley  between  Visp  and  Brieg.  The 
N.  half  of  this  long  range  is  high, 
and  so  steep  that  the  Saas  valley  and 
the  Simplon  road  are  in  some  places 
not  more  than  7  miles  apart.  Fur- 
ther S.  the  summits  are  lower,  but 
two  great  ridges  project  to  the  E. 
which  enclose  the  Antrona  valley, 


548  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  21.  SIMPLON  DISTRICT 


and  a  smaller  glen  called  Val 
Bognanco.  This  Section  therefore 
comprises  a  description  of  those  two 
glens,  and  of  the  peaks  on  and  passes 
over  the  main  chain,  leading  from  the 
Saas  valley  to  the  Simplon  road. 
It  is  also  convenient  to  include  an 
account  of  the  route  from  Geneva  to 
Milan  by  way  of  the  Rhone  valley 
and  the  Simplon  Pass,  as  that  line 
forms  precisely  the  N.  and  E.  limits 
of  this  volume.  The  mountains  E. 
of  the  Simplon  will  be  noticed  in 
§  29,  and  are  described  minutely  in 
the  '  Lepontine  Alps  '  volume  (1892) 
of  the  '  Climbers'  Guides  '  series. 


Route  A. 


GENEVA  TO  MILAN  BY  THE 
SIMPLON  PASS. 


English  Miles 

Nyon  (by  railway) 

Morges 

.  30 

"Lausanne 

.  33 

Vevey  . 

•  50 

Montr  eux 

.  53h 

Villeneuve  -» 

-  56* 

Aigle  . 

.  teh 

Bex 

.  67h 

St.  Maurice  . 

•  70 

Martigny 

•  79h 

Sion 

•  95* 

Sierre  . 

.  105 

Leuk  . 

in 

Turtmann  . 

.  114 

Gampel 

.  116^ 

Visp 

Brieg  . 

.  128J 

Berisal  (by  road)  . 

.  i37 

Simplon  Hospice 

•    i43  b 

Simplon  village 

:  148^ 

Gondo  . 

.  154V 

Iselle  . 

.  1572 

Varzo  . 

.  162^ 

Crevola 

.  166- 

Domo  d'Ossola 

.  168 

Villa  d'Ossola  (by 

rail) .  172^ 

Piedimulera  . 

•  175 

V  ogogna 

•    177  h 

Cuzzago 

.  182 

Ornavasso 

.  184^ 

Gravellona  Toce 

.  188 

I  Thence 

either  by 

Omegna  (by  rail)  .  .192 

Orta     ....  197^ 

Gozzano       .       .       .  202 

Novara        .       .       .  223 

Rho     ....  246^ 

Milan  ....  255^ 

or  by 

Baveno  (by  road) .       .  192^ 

Stresa  ....  195^ 

Arona  ....  2063- 

Sesto  Calende  (by  rail)  212 

Gallarate      .       .       .  222 

Rho     .       .       .       .  238 

Milan  ....  247 


Railway  from  Geneva  to  Brieg,  6^-7  hrs. 
by  fast  trains  (steamer  from  Geneva 
to  Villeneuve,  4  hrs.,  as  against  o.\ 
hrs.  by  rail)  ;  from  Brieg  to  Domo 
d'Ossola  by  high  road,  about  10  hrs. 
by  diligence  ;  from  Domo  d'Ossola  to 
Gravellona  Toce  by  rail  ( 1  \  hrs. )  Then 
either  by  rail  to  Milan  via  Novara 
(4|— 4 1  hrs.  from  Domo  to  Milan),  or 
by  high  road  for  18 h  m.  to  Arona, 
and  then  by  rail  to  Milan  via  Gal- 
larate (Arona  to  Milan,  2.\  hrs.)  The 
lines  from  Arona  and  Novara  meet 
at  Rho,  9  m.  from  Milan. 

We  include  in  this  Rte.  the  greater 
part  of  the  celebrated  road  designed 
by  Napoleon  to  connect  France  and 
Italy  by  way  of  Geneva  and  the 
Simplon  Pass,  which  continues,  though 
injured  by  the  Mont  Cenis  and  St. 
Gotthard  tunnels,  to  be  one  of  the 
main  lines  of  communication  across 
the  Alps.  It  is  also  one  of  the  most 
interesting  for  those  who  are  com- 
pelled by  infirmity  or  indolence  to 
keep  to  carriage  roads.  The  original 
road  was  carried  along  the  S.  side  of 
the  Lake  of  Geneva  (for  a  description 
of  that  shore  see  §  17.  Rte.  K),  and 
then  through  the  Rhone  valley  to 
Brieg.  The  main  difficulties  and  the 
heaviest  expenditure  were  naturally 
encountered  in  traversing  the  pass 
itself  from  Brieg  to  Domo  d'Ossola, 
especially  in  the  descent  on  the  S. 
side.  (A  tunnel  is  projected,  which 
will  run  from  Brieg  to  Iselle  in  ii- 
12J  in.,  and  it  now  really  seems  as 
if  this  project  would  soon,  after  many 
delays,  be  carried  out. )    From  Domo 


ROUTE  A.    GENEVA  TO  MILAN  BY  THE  SIMPLON  PASS  549 


d'Ossola  the  course  selected  was  along 
the  valley  of  the  Tosa  (or  Toce),  and 
after  some  doubt  as  to  the  relative 
advantages  of  a  line  by  the  Lake  of 
Orta  or  t^e  Lago  Maggiore  the  latter 
was  ultimately  selected,  and  the  road 
was  carried  past  Arona  to  Sesto 
Calende  at  the  S.  end  of  the  lake, 
and  thence  across  the  plain  to  Milan. 
The  recent  opening  of  a  railway  from 
Domo  by  Orta  to  the  great  railway 
junction  of  Novara  has  changed  the 
course  of  traffic,  though  leisurely 
travellers  will  prefer  to  combine  both 
routes  by  going  from  Orta  to  the 
Lago  Maggiore  over  the  splendid 
view-point  of  the  Mottarone.  The 
extension  of  railways  and  steamers 
has  reduced  to  secondary  importance 
the  portions  of  the  high  road  between 
Geneva  and  Brieg,  and  between 
Domo  and  Milan,  so  that  the  only 
part  of  the  original  road  which  still 
continues  to  serve  for  general  traffic 
is  that  between  Brieg  and  Domo 
d'Ossola.  Reserving  a  brief  notice 
of  the  history  of  the  road  and  pass  till 
we  reach  Brieg,  and  premising  that 
the  ranges  on  the  N.  side  of  the  Lake 
of  Geneva  and  of  the  Rhone  valley, 
as  well  as  those  E.  of  the  actual  pass 
itself,  will  be  described  in  detail  in 
the  second  volume  of  this  work,  we 
proceed  to  give  an  outline  of  the  chief 
objects  of  interest  passed  by  the  tra- 
veller on  his  long  journey.  Those 
who  are  not  in  haste  should  certainly 
take  the  steamer  from  Geneva  to  Ville- 
neuve  in  preference  to  the  railway. 

Geneva  itself  has  been  noticed  in 
§16.  Rte.  A,  so  that  we  may  here 
confine  our  attention  to  the  Lake  of 
Geneva,  or  Lac  Leman,  which  is  the 
largest  of  the  Alpine  lakes,  according 
to  Professor  Forel,  of  Morges  (consult 
his  most  elaborate  monograph  '  Le 
Leman,'  of  which  two  of  the  three 
volumes  were  published  at  Lausanne 
in  1892  and  1895).  ^ts  f°rm  1S  that 
of  a  crescent  with  the  horns  pointing 
S.  Its  length  in  a  straight  line  from 
Geneva  to  Chillon  is  39§  m. ,  but 
along  its  axis  45  m.  The  crescent 
form  was  more  regular  at  a  recent 


geological  period,  when  the  lake  ex- 
tended to  Bex,  about  11  m.  S.  of 
Yilleneuve.      The   detritus   of  the 
Rhone  has  filled  up  this  portion  of 
the  bed  of  the  lake,  and  it  appears 
that  within  the  historical  period  the 
waters  reached  about  i-§  m.  beyond 
the  present  E.  margin  of  the  lake,  to 
Port  Vallais.    The  height  of  the  sur- 
(  face  varies  according  to  the  season, 
the  mean  height,  according  to  Pro- 
I  fessor  Forel,  being  1.220J  ft.  The 
I  level  is  subject  to  occasional  oscilla- 
tions, amounting  to  as  much  as  5  ft. , 
which  last  for  a  short  time,  after 
which  it  returns  to  its  previous  condi- 
tion.     These    curious  fluctuations^ 
called  seiches,  appear  to  be  independ- 
ent of  the  direction  of  the  wind,  but 
connected  with  changes  of  weather. 
They  are  probably  caused  by  the  un- 
equal pressure  of  the  atmosphere  on 
j   different  portions  of  the  surface  at 
I  times  when  its  equilibrium   is  dis- 
|   turbed.     It  is  said  that  they  occur 
j   most  frequently  at  the  two  extremi- 
ties of  the  lake.    The  greatest  depth 
is  1,017  ft. ,  in  trie  broad  portion  of 
:   the  lake  between  Evian  and  Ouchy, 
:  a  considerable  area  in  this  part  lying 
between    this   and    985   ft.  The 
greatest   width  is  8f  m. ,  between 
I   Morges  and  Amphion.      The  total 
1   area  is  225^  sq.  m.,  of  which  the 
:   Petit    Lac   (between    Geneva  and 
;   Yvoire,  on  the  French  side,  nearly 
I   opposite   Nyon)  claims    30^-  sq.  m. 
:   and  the   Grand  Lac  the  remaining 
\    I94|  sq.  m. 

The  beauty  of  the  shores  of  the 
lake  and  of  the  sites  of  many  of  the 
places  near  its  banks  has  long  been 
celebrated,  and  can  scarcely  fail  to 
strike  the  least  susceptible  traveller. 
It  is  well,  however,  to  mention  that 
it  is  only  from  the  E.  end  of  the  lake, 
between  Vevey  and  Villeneuve,  that 
the  scenery  assumes  the  character  of 
grandeur.  The  hills  on  the  Savoy 
side  are  for  the  most  part  rugged  and 
sombre,  while  those  of  the  Swiss 
shore  fall  in  gentle  vine-covered 
slopes,  thickly  set  with  villages  and 
chateaux.  Mont  Blanc  and  the  snowy 


550  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  21.  SIMPLON  DISTRICT 


peaks  of  that  chain  are  scarcely  seen 
except  from  Geneva  and  between 
Nyon  and  Morges.  From  Vevey 
to  Bex,  whither  the  lake  originally 
extended,  the  shores  are  enclosed  by 
comparatively  high  and  bold  moun- 
tains, and  the  vista  terminates  in  the 
grand  portal  of  the  defile  of  St. 
Maurice,  cleft  to  a  depth  of  nearly 
9,000  ft.  between  the  opposite  peaks 
of  the  Dent  du  Midi  and  the  Dent  de 
Morcles.  The  first  place  of  much 
note  on  the  Swiss  shore  is  Coppet, 
where  the  traveller  may  visit  the 
Chateau,  once  inhabited  by  Necker, 
and  afterwards  by  Madame  de  Stael. 
Some  souvenirs  of  the  latter  are  still 
shown.  About  5  m.  further  is  Nyon, 
formerly  a  Roman  settlement.  Near 
it  is  the  beautiful  Chateau  and  park  of 
Prangi?is,  formerly  the  property  of 
Prince  Napoleon. 

[Nyon  is  the  best  starting  point  for 
St.  Cergues,  whence  2  hrs.  suffice  to 
make  the  ascent  of  the  Dole  ( 1 ,678  m. , 
5,505  ft.),  for  a  notice  of  which  see 
§  16.  Rte.  A.  From  Nyon  a  good 
carriage  road  leads  up  in  5-|  m.  to  the 
large  hydropathic  establishment  of 
Divo?ine,  470  m. ,  1,542  ft.  J 

The  next  little  town  is  Rolle,  oppo- 
site Thonon,  and  the  broad  opening 
of  the  valley  of  the  Dranse  d'Abon- 
dance,  through  which  the  chain  of 
Mont  Blanc  comes  into  view  and  is 
seen  for  several  miles  to  the  E. 

[On  a  hill  above  the  station  of 
Allanian,  3  J  m.  from  Rolle,  is 
Aubonne,  a  curious  little  town,  finely 
situated,  and  commanding  one  of  the 
best  views  over  the  lake.  The 
Chateau  was  built  by  Tavernier,  the 
Eastern  traveller,  in  recollection  of 
that  of  Erivan,  on  the  frontier  of 
Persia.  The  view  is  still  more  strik- 
ing from  the  Signal  de  Bongy  (712m., 
2,336  ft.),  \  hr.  from  Aubonne.] 

Morges  is  a  town,  with  a  little  port, 
one  of  the  most  important  commer- 
cially on  the  lake.  The  Chateau  de 
Vufflens  is  said  to  have  been  founded 
in  the  tenth  century  by  Queen  Bertha, 
but  is  probably  a  fourteenth-century 
building.     It  is  near  Morges  that 


Mont  Blanc  is  best  seen  from  the 
shores  of  the  lake. 

The  high  road  keeps  near  the 
shore,  but  the  railway  turns  inland  to 
the  Renens  station,  where  the  lines 
from  Vallorbes,  Yverdon,  and  Neu- 
chatel  join  that  from  Geneva.  3  m. 
further  is 

Lausanne  (475  m.,  1,558  ft.),  the 
chief  town  of  the  Canton  of  Vaud.  It 
is  picturesquely  situated  on  the  lower 
slopes  of  the  Jorat,  328  ft.  above 
the  lake,  and  divided  by  ravines 
which  make  the  old  streets  hilly 
and  inconvenient,  but  recently  several 
new  comparatively  level  streets  have 
been  pierced.  There  is  a  funicular 
railway  from  the  station  up  to  the 
town,  and  down  to  the  suburb  of 
Ouchy,  on  the  lake. 

Many  English  and  other  strangers 
reside  at  Lausanne,  partly  for  the  sake 
of  the  climate,  less  cold  in  winter 
than  that  of  Geneva,  partly  for  rea- 
sons of  economy,  and  largely  for  the 
educational  advantages  to  be  had  in 
and  near  the  town. 

The  upper  part  of  the  town,  still 
called  the  Cite,  contains  the  Cathe- 
dral Church  of  Notre  Dame, 
which  from  590  to  the  time  of  the 
Reformation  was  the  see  of  a  bishop 
whose  diocese  included  most  of  W. 
Switzerland.  It  was  founded  in  1000, 
but  the  existing  building  dates  from 
1275,  and  is  one  of  the  finest  archi- 
tectural monuments  in  Switzerland. 
It  contains  several  interesting  monu- 
ments, a  fine  W.  door,  and  a  thir- 

<   teenth- century  rose  window  in  the  S. 

'  transept.  The  view  from  the  terrace 
at  the  W.  end  of  the  church  alone 
suffices  to  reward  the  trouble  of  the 
ascent.  The  Chateau,  formerly  the 
residence  of  the  bishops,  is  a  pictur- 
esque pile  of  the  early  fifteenth  century. 
Not  far  from  the  Cathedral  is  the 
University  (till  1 89 1  only  an  '  Aca- 

;  demie '),  in  which  is  the  Ca?ztonal 
Museum,  with  natural  history  collec- 
tions, and  some  lake  dwelling  and 
Roman  antiquities,  and  also  the  Can- 
tonal Library  (60,000  vols.)  The 
Musee  A r laud 'has  many  pictures  by 


ROUTE  A.    GENEVA  TO  MILAN  BY  THE  SIMPLON  PASS  551 


modern  Swiss  artists.  One  of  the 
finest  modern  buildings  in  the  town 
is  the  Fede?'al  Palace  of  Justice.  \  hr. 
from  Lausanne,  and  accessible  by  a 
carriage  road,  is  the  Signal  (647  m., 
2,123  ft.),  on  the  slopes  of  the  forat, 
which  commands  a  fine  view  over  the 
lake,  &c,  not  including  Mont  Blanc. 
'  The  neighbourhood  of  Lausanne  is 
famous  for  the  number  and  beauty  of 
the  walks.  Here,  and  throughout  the 
wine-growing  districts  bordering  the 
lake,  strangers  must  beware  of  the 
alleys  between  walls  and  high  hedges 
which  abound  in  every  direction. 
Appearing  to  lead  up  a  hill,  or  to 
some  favourable  point  of  view,  they 
are  constantly  closed  at  the  end  by  a 
gate,  with  a  notice  against  trespas- 
sers. The  law  is  severely  enforced 
against  any  one  entering  a  vineyard 
without  the  owner's  permission.'  (M.) 

Between  Lausanne  and  the  lake  is 
Ouchy,  the  port  of  Lausanne,  made 
up  of  country  houses  and  hotels,  as  it 
is  a  favourite  place  of  sojourn. 

Beyond  Lausanne  the  railway  line 
to  Fribourg  and  Berne  (§22)  sepa- 
rates from  that  to  Vevey  and  Brieg. 
It  mounts  along  the  slopes  above  the 
lake,  while  the  latter  descends  gradu- 
ally to  Vevey,  the  second  town  in  the 
Canton  of  Vaud. 

Few  spots  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
the  Alps  offer  such  attractions  to 
strangers  as  Vevey,  and  the  strip  of 
land  along  the  shore  of  the  lake  ex- 
tending thence  to  Villeneuve.  It 
enjoys  the  mildest  winter  climate  in 
Switzerland,  and  is  better  sheltered 
from  cold  winds  than  the  shores  of 
the  Italian  lakes,  while  it  is  easily 
accessible.  It  is  not  surprising,  there- 
fore, that  both  in  summer  and  winter 
the  countless  hotels  and  pensions  are 
full.  The  convenience  of  living  in 
or  near  a  town  is  counterbalanced  by 
the  want  of  agreeable  walks  in  the 
immediate  neighbourhood  of  Vevey. 
These  are  nearly  confined  to  the  car- 
riage roads,  rather  hot  and  dusty, 
whereas  about  Montreux  and  the  ad- 
joining villages,  where  the  mountains 
rise  nearer  at  hand,  the  pedestrian  finds 


abundant  variety  of  agreeable  excur- 
sions. Boating  on  the  lake  is  a  con- 
stant source  of  enjoyment,  but  the 
sudden  squalls  which  come  on  are 
very  dangerous. 

There  is  not  much  to  engage  the 
attention  of  the  sightseer  at  Vevey, 
!  but  every  rising  ground  produces 
in  new  combinations  the  glorious 
views  over  the  lake.  The  fifteenth- 
century  church  of  St.  Martin,  just 
above  the  town,  is  visited  for  the  sake 
of  the  view.  It  contains  the  tombs 
of  Ludlow,  the  regicide,  and  his  com- 
panions in  exile,  Broughton,  Love, 
and  Cawley.  Once  in  every  twenty- 
five  years  or  so  (last  in  1889)  a  curious 
festival,  said  to  date  from  remote 
antiquity,  is  held  on  the  Place  du 
Marche  at  Vevey.  Greek  myth  and 
sacred  history  have  been  laid  under 
contribution  to  supply  the  personages 
represented  by  the  guild  of  vintners, 
styled  the  Abbaye  des  Vignerons. 
On  a  hill  N.E.  of  Vevey  is  the 
Chateau  de  Blonay,  which  is  said  to 
have  remained  in  the  family  of  its 
present  owners  for  over  700  years, 
and  commands  a  noble  view.  (For 
the  route  from  Vevey  to  Thun  by  the 
Simmenthal,  a  beautiful  two  days' 
drive,  see  §  22). 

There  is  an  electric  tramway  from 
Vevey  to  Chillon,  as  well  as  the  rail- 
way line,  and  the  steamers.  In 
travelling  by  railway  from  Vevey  to 
Villeneuve  most  of  the  beautiful 
scenery  is  lost,  and  those  who  have  too 
little  time  to  visit  the  neighbourhood 
should  at  least  prefer  the  steamer. 
The  narrow  space  between  the  moun- 
tains and  the  lake  is  populous  with 
many  hamlets,  with  innumerable 
hotels  and  pensions,  besides  country 
houses  and  villas.  The  names  of 
Clarens  and  Montreux  have  been 
contantly  celebrated  both  in  prose  and 
verse,  but  there  are  several  other 
hamlets  not  inferior  in  position.  The 
finest  site  is  Glion  ,  reached  in  iomin, 
from  the  Territet  station  by  means  of 
a  funicular  railway,  which  continues 
past  Caux  (also  finely  situated)  to  the 
summit  of  the  Rochers  de  JVayef  2,045 


552  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  21.  SIMPLON  DISTRICT 


m.,  6,710  ft.  (1  hr.  20  mm.  from  Glion  ; 
see  §  22).  5  m.  from  Montreux,  at 
the  head  of  the  valley  leading  to  the 
Col  de  Jaman  (§  22),  is  Les  Avants 
(985  m. ,  3,232  ft.),  a  favourite  resort 
both  in  summer  and  winter. 

Rather  more  than  half-way  from 
Montreux  to  Villeneuve  is  the  cele- 
brated Castle  of  Chillon,  built  in  the 
thirteenth  century  by  Peter  of  Savoy 
(to  whom  was  also  due  the  palace  of 
the  Savoy  in  the  Strand).  Byron  de- 
scribed the  imprisonment  here  of  an 
imaginary  captive,  taking  the  name  of 
a  real  man,  but  utterly  distorting  and 
adorning  his  real  history.  The  ex- 
treme beauty  of  the  site,  and  the 
poetic  associations  linked  with  the 
place,  make  it  an  object  of  interest  to 
almost  every  traveller,  and  few  fail  to 
pay  it  a  visit. 

Quite  at  the  end  of  the  lake,  but 
on  the  E.  bank  of  the  Rhone,  is 
Villeneuve,  lying  at  the  N.  extremity 
of  a  tract  of  flat  alluvial  soil,  extend- 
ing from  near  Bex  to  the  present 
border  of  the  lake.  The  belief  that 
the  ancient  bed  of  the  lake  has  to 
this  extent  been  filled  up  by  the 
detritus  of  the  Rhone,  which  needs 
no  external  evidence  to  the  mind  of 
the  geologist,  is  confirmed  by  the 
identification  of  Port  Vallais,  now  1 
rn.  from  the  lake,  with  the  Portus 
Vallesice  of  the  Romans.  Drainage 
has  done  much  to  correct  the  un- 
healthy character  of  the  place,  but 
travellers  sleeping  here  should  ab- 
stain from  open  windows.  On  rising 
ground  near  the  lake,  and  about  ^  of 
a  mile  from  Villeneuve,  is  the  Hotel 
Byron,  a  large,  handsome  house,  one 
of  the  most  agreeable  stopping  places 
in  this  beautiful  neighbourhood. 
Many  pleasant  walks  and  drives  may 
be  made  from  here,  those  on  the  E. 
being  described  in  §  22,  and  those  on 
the  other  side  of  the  lake  in  §  17. 
Rte.  K. 

Throughout  the  way  from  Ville- 
neuve to  Bex  the  opposite  peaks  of 
the  Dent  de  Morcles  and  the  Dent 
du  Midi  continue  to  attract  the  atten- 
tion of  the  mountaineer.   The  former, 


rising  nearly  9,000  ft.  from  the  level 
of  the  valley,  is  one  of  the  most  im- 
posing in  the  Alps.  (Its  ascent  is 
described  in  §  22,  while  for  that  of 
the  Dent  du  Midi  see  §  17.  Rte. 
H.)  At  Aigle  the  high  roads  to 
Villars,  the  Vallee  des  Ormonts, 
Chateau  d'Oex,  and  the  splendid  new 
Sanatorium  of  Leysin  turn  off  to  the 
S.E.  and  N.E.  (see  §  22.) 

5  m.  further  is  Bex  (pronounced 
Be),  a  large  village  frequented  in 
summer  by  strangers,  on  account  of 
brine  baths  derived  from  the  exten- 
sive salt  mines  about  3  m.  off.  They 
have  been  known  since  the  sixteenth 
century,  but  the  salt  was  obtained 
solely  from  the  springs,  then  failing, 
when  in  1823  M.  Charpentier  (to 
whose  writings,  at  first  received  with 
ridicule,  we  mainly  owe  the  recog- 
nition of  the  important  part  played  by 
glaciers  in  the  past  history  of  the 
earth)  greatly  increased  the  produce 
by  driving  shafts  into  the  mountain- 
side, and  so  discovering  a  rich  vein 
of  rock  salt.  The  mode  of  extracting 
the  salt  from  the  solution  in  which  it 
is  associated  with  gypsum  is  similar 
to  that  employed  at  Salins,  near 
Moutiers  Tarentaise  (§12.  Rte.  H). 
About  4  hrs.  are  required  for  the  visit. 
On  the  way  is  passed  the  hamlet  of 
Les  D evens  1  formerly  the  home  of  a 
family  of  naturalists,  named  Thomas, 
whose  members  made  collections  of 
dried  plants  and  minerals  throughout 
the  Swiss  Alps  and  in  different  parts 
of  Italy,  which  were  disposed  of  on 
moderate  terms.  Some  of  this  family 
were  among  the  first  strangers  to  visit 
Zermatt,  about  the  middle  of  the 
eighteenth  century,  in  search  of  rare 
plants.  (For  the  road  to  Gryon,  and 
thence  to  Les  Pla*is  de  Frenieres,  and 
the  Vallee  des  Ormonts,  see  §  22, 
and  for  that  by  Monthey  to  Champery 
see  §  17.  Rte.  H.) 

Immediately  S.  of  Bex  the  Rhone 
is  contracted  to  a  mere  defile  (now 
being  fortified  by  the  Swiss  Govern- 
ment), which  extends  for  several  miles 
between  the  Dent  du  Midi  and  the 
Dent  de  Morcles.    At  the  N.  end  of 


ROUTE  A.    GENEVA  TO  MILAN  BY  THE  SIMPLON  PASS  553 


the  defile  is  a  fine  bridge,  possibly 
resting  on  Roman  foundations,  but 
built  by  the  bishop  of  Sion  at  the 
end  of  the  fifteenth  century.  It  spans 
the  Rhone  by  a  single  arch  of  72  ft. , 
marking  the  spot  where  the  road  and 
the  railway,  here  carried  through  the 
rock,  are  forced  to  quit  the  r.  bank 
of  the  Rhone,  and  to  seek  a  further 
passage  through  the  little  town  of 

St.  Maurice,  where  our  line  joins 
that  from  Bellegarde  and  Geneva,  by 
Thonon,  and  the  S.  shore  of  the  Lake 
of  Geneva  (§17.  Rte.  K).  This  place 
is  the  Roman  Agaunum,  and  is  a 
poor-looking  place,  squeezed  into  the 
narrow  space  between  the  mountain 
and  the  river.  It  owes  its  name  to 
the  tradition  which  fixes  this  as  the 
site  of  the  martyrdom  of  St.  Maurice 
and  his  companions  of  the  Theban 
Legion  in  a.  d.  302.  The  great  Abbey 
(held  since  the  twelfth  century  by 
Austin  Canons  Regular)  was  founded 
in  the  fourth  century  by  St.  Theodule 
or  Theodore,  the  first  bishop  of  Sion, 
and  later  the  patron  saint  of  the 
Vallais.  It  was  richly  endowed  in 
A.D.  515  by  Sigismund,  king  of  Bur- 
gundy, and  was  for  centuries  one  of 
the  most  famous  religious  houses  in 
Christendom.  The  Treasury  contains 
several  very  curious  objects — a  gold 
crozier  of  most  elaborate  workman- 
ship, an  agate  cup  of  ancient  Greek 
work,  &c.  There  are  Roman  in- 
scriptions built  into  the  wall  of  the 
parish  church. 

£if  m.  on  the  E.,  in  a  picturesque 
position  under  the  Dent  de  Morcles, 
and  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  Rhone, 
are  the  Baths  of  Lavey.  The  sul- 
phureous waters  are  said  to  be  the 
hottest  in  Switzerland,  and  to  owe 
their  medicinal  effects  to  the  presence 
of  free  nitrogen.] 

On  the  1.  bank  of  the  Rhone,  after 
quitting  St.  Maurice,  the  Hermitage 
of  Notre  Dame  du  Sex  is  seen  at  a 
great  height  on  a  ledge  in  the  steep 
rock  face.  It  is  not  easy  to  see  how 
access  to  it  was  originally  gained, 
before  the  present  long  flight  of  steps 
was  cut  in  the  rock.    Lower  down, 


on  the  road,  the  Chapel  of  Verolliaz, 
covered  with  frescoes,  is  supposed  to 
mark  the  exact  spot  of  the  massacre 
of  the  Theban  Legion. 

On  the  way  to  Evionnaz,  3*  m. 
off,  the  high  road  traverses  the  site  of 
the  great  mud  avalanche  of  1835.  A 
violent  thunderstorm,  in  which  the 
lightning  is  said  to  have  struck  the 
Dent  du  Midi  several  times,  accom- 
panied by  heavy  rain,  seems  to  have 
detached  a  considerable  mass  near 
the  summit  of  the  ridge.  This  de- 
scended towards  the  E. ,  accompanied 
by  a  mass  of  glacier.  The  rock, 
composed  of  a  soft  shaly  limestone, 
probably  saturated  with  water,  seems 
to  have  broken  up  rapidly  into  a 
sort  of  coarse  mud,  in  which  huge 
blocks  of  harder  stone  were  carried 
along.  After  passing  through  a  pine 
forest,  which  yielded  as  if  the  trees 
were  straw  in  a  stubble  field,  the 
current,  moving  very  slowly,  ad- 
vanced through  the  cultivated  district 
at  the  foot  of  the  mountain,  carrying 
trees  and  houses  before  it,  and  finally 
reached  the  high  road,  which  it 
covered  for  about  a  furlong,  interrupt- 
ing the  communications  for  some  time. 

Evionnaz  is  a  poor  village  with  a 
railway  station,  and  perhaps  stands 
on  the  site  of  the  Roman  Epaumwi  ; 
but  the  great  bergfall  of  563  occurred, 
according  to  the  best  authorities,  not 
here,  but  at  Les  Avouettes,  near  Port 
Vallais  (§  17.  Rte.  K).  (For  the 
Col  du  {orat  to  Salanfe  see  §  17. 
Rte.  I.) 

Among  the  causes  which  have  con- 
tributed to  give  the  population  of  the 
Canton  of  the  Vallais  an  appearance 
of  marked  inferiority  to  that  of  the 
Canton  of  Vaud,  it  is  fair  to  reckon 
the  poverty  of  the  soil,  and  the  ex- 
posure of  the  main  valley,  and  its 
tributaries,  to  visitations  of  the  ele- 
ments that  in  a  brief  space  destroy 
the  fruits  of  human  industry.  One  of 
these  was  the  flood  of  September 
1852,  which  laid  under  water  all  the 
low  ground  between  Martigny  and 
and  St.  Maurice,  covering  the  fields 
with  sand  and  gravel.    Between  the 


554  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  21.  SIMPLON  DISTRICT 


Evionnaz  station  and  that  of  Ver-  1 
nayaz  is  the  waterfall  of  the  Salanfe 
torrent,  called  Pissevache,  about  200 
ft.  high.  It  is  a  fine  fall,  especially- 
after  rain,  and  is  very  easy  of  ac- 
cess, as  it  is  close  to  the  high  road 
and  railway  ;  but  those  who  attempt 
a  near  approach  are  liable  to  be  wet  by 
the  fine  spray,  which  forms  a  brilliant 
iris  when  seen  on  a  fine  morning. 
There  is  a  path  hewn  in  the  rock,  by 
which  it  is  possible  to  pass  behind  the 
fall.  i\  m.  further  is  the  Ver  nayaz 
station  (3  m.  from  Martigny).  close 
to  which  are  the  Gorges  of  the  Trient, 
a  narrow  cleft,  of  a  great  depth  (now 
fitted  up  with  wooden  bridges,  &c.)3 
through  which  the  Trient  torrent 
issues.  (For  the  road  from  Vernayaz 
to  Salvan  and  Chamonix  see  §  16. 
Rte.  H.  3.)  A  rocky  eminence 
crowned  by  the  ruined  castle  of  La 
Batiaz,  built  by  Peter  of  Savoy, 
but  burnt  by  George  Supersax  in 
1 5 18  (the  tower  is  still  older),  over- 
looks the  town  of 

Martigny,  near  the  right  angle 
formed  by  the  Rhone  flowing  S.S.W. 
from  Brieg.  and  N.N.W.  hence  to  the  \ 
Lake  of  Geneva.  Standing  at  the  con- 
fluence of  the  Dranse,  descending  from 
the  Great  St.  Bernard  (§  18.  Rte.  A), 
the  Val  de  Bagnes  (§18.  Rte.  E), 
and  the  Col  Ferret  (J  16.  Rte.  K), 
and  at  the  junction  of  the  most  fre- 
quented routes  from  Chamonix  (§16. 
Rte.  H),  Martigny  is  naturally  much 
resorted  to  by  Alpine  travellers.  It 
possesses,  however,  few  attractions  of  : 
its  own  ;  its  position  is  low  (477  m. , 
1,565  ft.)  and  hot,  and  the  tract  of 
marshy  ground  N.  of  the  town,  at 
the  junction  of  the  Dranse  with  the 
Rhone,  cannot  contribute  to  make  it 
healthy. 

[An  excursion  which  may  be  re- 
commended to  any  one  involuntarily  j 
detained  here  is  the  ascent  of  the 
Pierre  a  Voir  (2,476  m. .  8.124  ft.),  a 
mountain  in  the  range  between  the 
Rhone  and  Bagnes  valleys.  There  is  1 
a  mule  path  to  within  \  hr.  of  the 
summit,  and  a  descent  may  be  made 
on  the  other  side  to  Chable,  at  the  | 


entrance  of  the  Val  de  Bagnes. 
'  Keeping  a  little  S.  of  E.,  the  sum- 
mit of  the  hill  visible  from  Martigny 
is  reached  in  about  2  hrs.  and  then, 
following  the  same  direction  through 
woods  over  undulating  ground,  the 
mule  track  is  carried  along  the  divid- 
ing ridge  between  the  Rhone  valley 
and  the  Val  de  Bagnes,  commanding 
splendid  views  on  both  sides.'  The 
top  is  reached  in  5  hrs.  from  Martigny. 
After  the  snow  has  disappeared  in 
summer  little  or  no  water  is  found  on 
this  mountain.  This  summit  is  now 
most  conveniently  reached  from  the 
new  hotel  on  the  Col  du  Lens,  to  the 
W.  (§18.  Rte.  A.) J 

The  valley  of  the  Rhone  between 
-Martigny  and  Brieg  is  so  devoid  of 
picturesque  interest  that  most  tra- 
vellers are  glad  to  hurry  it  over  in  the 
train.  On  either  side  of  the  valley 
mountains  of  uniform  slope  and  hue, 
just  high  enough  to  conceal  (save  a 
fleeting  glimpse)  the  great  ranges  of 
the  Pennine  and  Bernese  Alps,  hem 
in  the  valley,  whose  bed  is  so  nearly 
level  that  imperfectly  drained  swamps 
extend  afar,  and  at  some  seasons 
make  it  unhealthy  as  well  as  un- 
sightly. The  geologist,  who  sees  in 
these  appearances  the  record  of  the 
processes  which  have  fashioned  the 
mountains  and  the  valley,  will  not  find 
the  way  irksome.  The  uniformity  of 
the  slopes  and  the  absence  of  salient 
points  are  here  due  to  the  passage  of 
a  vast  glacier  through  a  trench  in  the 
yielding  Carboniferous  strata,  and 
this  immense  planing  tool  has  left  its 
mark  permanently  impressed  on  the 
face  of  the  country. 

Near  the  second  station  beyond 
Martigny  is  the  Etablissement  des 
Bains  of  Saxon,  the  mineral  waters 
containing  iodine  and  bromine,  and 
being  deemed  very  efficacious  in  skin 
complaints.  (For  the  Col  du  Lens  to 
Sembrancher  see  §  18.  Rte.  A.) 
The  next  station  is  Riddes,  whence 
the  Col  des  Etablons  leads  over  to 
Chable.  in  the  Val  de  Bagnes  (§  iS. 
Rte.  E).  Looking  back  there  is  a 
fine  view  of  the    Grand  Muveran 


ROUTE  A.    GENEVA  TO  MILAN  BY  THE  SIMPLON  PASS  555 


(•§  22),  while  to  the  N.  is  the  Haul  de 
Cry  (2,951  m.,  9,682  ft.),  which  has 
attained  a  sad  celebrity  from  the  fatal 
accident  in  February  1864,  which 
cost  the  lives  of  a  Russian  traveller, 
and  his  widely-known  guide,  J.  J. 
Bennen,  of  Laax.  The  peaks  of  the 
curious  limestone  range  connecting 
the  Dent  de  Morcles  with  the  Dia- 
blerets  come  into  view  between  Saxon 
and  Sion.  The  junction  of  the  gneiss 
and  other  crystalline  rocks  with  the 
limestone  is  very  conspicuous  opposite 
Saxon.  After  leaving  that  place  the 
railway  crosses  to  the  r.  bank,  and 
passes  the  station  of  Ardon,  near  the 
opening  of  the  Liserne  glen,  through 
which  lies  the  way  to  the  Col  de 
Cheville  (§  22).  A  little  more  than 
4  m.  beyond,  across  the  Morge  tor- 
rent, the  former  limit  between  Sa- 
voyard and  Episcopal  Vallais  is 

Sion  (Germ.  Si-Men),  512  m.,  1,680 
ft.,  the  ancient  capital  of  the  Vallais 
— we  retain  throughout  this  work 
the  historical  spelling  of  this  name — 
whose  importance  is  told  by  the 
massive  style  of  many  of  the  old 
families  of  the  city,  and  by  the  ruins 
of  several  castles.  The  monotony  of 
the  valley  of  the  Rhone  is  broken  here 
by  two  rocky  hillocks  that  rise  abruptly 
in  its  midst,  and  are  crowned  by  three 
castles,  which  greatly  enhance  the 
picturesque  appearance  of  the  city. 
These  buildings  contain  many  remains 
of  antiquity,  commencing  with  the 
Roman  period,  but  they  chiefly  tell  of 
the  period  when  the  Bishops  of  Sion 
reigned  as  secular  Counts  over  the 
Vallais.  In  going  to  visit  these 
buildings  the  traveller  is  first  con- 
ducted to  the  Marjoria,  once  the 
residence  of  the  '  major '  or  chief 
magistrate  of  the  city,  and  later  the 
bishop's  palace.  Passing  by  a  four- 
teenth-century All  Saints'  chapel, 
he  thence  ascends  to  the  top  of  the 
N.  hillock,  crowned  by  the  ruins  of 
the  castle  of  Tourbitlon,  built  about 
1294  by  the  reigning  bishop,  but 
burnt,  like  the  Majoria,  in  the  great 
fire  of  1788,  after  having  served  as  the 
bishop's  residence  for  many  centuries. 


It  commands  a  very  fine  view  up  the 
Rhone  valley,  including  the  Bietsch- 
horn.  On  the  S.  hillock  is  the  castle 
of  Valeria,  said  to  have  been  origin- 
ally the  Roman  Prsetorium,  and  for 
long  centuries  the  residence  of  the 
canons.  It  contains  the  thirteenth 
church  of  St.  Catherine,  with  a  very 
perfect  rood  loft,  some  ancient  fres- 
coes, and  some  fine  carved  stalls  of 
the  seventeenth  century.  The  view 
hence  extends  down  the  valley  of  the 
Rhone,  including  in  the  background 
the  Diablerets,  Dent  de  Morcles,  &c. 
The  late  fifteenth-century  Cathedral 
Church,  with  a  tenth-century  tower, 
is  in  the  town  below.  The  history  of 
Sion  is  most  interesting,  as  it  became 
a  bishop's  see  in  590,  while  in  999  the 
bishops  became  Counts  of  the  Vallais. 
The  old  state  of  things  lasted  till  1798. 

The  flora  of  this  part  of  the  valley 
is  remarkable  for  the  presence  of 
many  species  characteristic  of  the 
Mediterranean  region,  some  of  which, 
as  the  pomegranate,  have  probably 
been  introduced  by  man,  but  others 
are  of  spontaneous  growth.  Among 
those  more  interesting  to  the  botanist 
may  be  enumerated  Eruca  saliva, 
Buffonia  tenuifolia,  Ononis  Columns, 
Ge?iista  radiata,  Cytisus  nigricans, 
T?'igonella  monspeliaca,  Telephium 
Imperati,  Centaurea  Crupina,  Eph- 
edra distachya  (on  the  rocks  below 
the  castle),  Iris  hitescens,  Tulipa 
oculus  solis,  Liparis  Lceselii,  Tragus 
race?nosus,  and  Sclerochloa  dura. 

JjFor  the  way  to  the  Val  d'Herens, 
Evolena,  andArollasee  §  19.  Rtes.  A 
and  B,  and  for  that  to  the  Val 
d'Heremence  see  §  18.  Rte.  L. 
The  Sanetsch  Pass  is  described  in 
§  22  and  the  Rawil  Pass  in  §  23.3 

The  way  between  Sion  and  Sierre 
is  less  monotonous  than  the  lower 
part  of  the  valley.  On  the  sunny 
slopes  of  the  N.  side  much  wine  of 
local  repute  is  produced.  The  flat 
part  of  the  river  bed  is  in  great  part 
covered  with  sand  and  gravel  by  the 
frequent  inundations  of  the  Rhone, 
Sierre  (German  Siders)  seems  a  more 
thriving  place  than  is  usual  in  the 


556 


PENNINE  ALPS.    §  21.  SIMPLON  DISTRICT 


Vallais.  Here  is  the  division  between 
the  Swiss-German  of  the  Upper  Vall- 
ais and  the  Swiss-French  of  the 
lower  part  of  the  Canton. 

[2  hrs.  above  Sierre,  on  the  N. 
side  of  the  valley,  is  the  new  and 
excellent  Hotel  du  Parc-Montana, 
accessible  by  carriage  road,  and  a 
good  headquarters  for  exploring  the 
neighbouring  ranges.  For  the  way 
from  Sierre  up  the  Val  d'Anniviers 
to  Zinal  see  §  19.  Rte.  I.] 

The  high  road  crosses  to  the  1. 
bank  of  the  Rhone  (the  railway 
remaining  on  the  r.  bank),  and  for 
2  m.  passes  amidst  hills  formed  of 
gravel  and  transported  blocks,  which 
occupy  a  great  part  of  the  bed  of  the 
valley.  These  are  now  believed  to 
have  originated  mainly  in  a  great 
bergfall  from  the  mountain  on  the 
N.  side  of  the  valley,  formed  of 
Jurassic  limestone,  which  occurred 
towards  the  end  of  the  '  glacial 
period,'  when  the  great  glacier  of  the 
Rhone  was  retiring  towards  the  upper 
part  of  the  valley.  After  passing 
Pfin  (?  ad  fines) ,  where  the  remains 
of  an  extensive  forest  mark  a  spot 
where  the  Vallaisans  valiantly  resisted 
the  French  invasion  in  1798,  the  high 
road  traverses  the  torrent  from  the 
Illgraben  (§  19.  Rte.  I),  which  has 
poured  into  the  valley  an  enormous 
mass  of  disintegrated  materials,  the 
former  contents  of  the  vast  hollow, 
whose  dimensions  are  constantly  in- 
creasing. Soon  after  the  Leuk-Susten 
station  is  attained,  the  railway  cross- 
ing to  the  1.  bank  just  under  the 
picturesque  little  town  of  Leuk 
(French  Loueche),  at  the  mouth  of  the 
gorge  of  the  Dala.  (For  the  ways 
hence  over  the  Gemmi  and  to  the 
Lotschenthal  see  §  23. ) 

About  3  m.  further  on  is  Turt- 
mann  (French  Tourtemagne),  at  the 
mouth  of  the  Turtmannthal,  described 
in  §  19.  Rte.  M.  The  torrent  issuing 
from  this  valley  makes  a  fine  water- 
fall, which  is  but  10  min.  off  and 
deserves  a  visit.  The  next  station  is 
Gampel)  at  the  junction  of  the  Lonza, 
the  considerable  stream  flowing  from 


the  Lotschenthal  (described  in  §§23 
and  24).  The  village  of  Gampel  is 
on  the  other  side  of  the  Rhone.  A 
little  farther  on  is  Paron,  on  the  r. 
side  of  the  valley,  where  the  opening 
of  the  Bietsch  glen  affords  a  glimpse 
of  the  fine  peak  of  the  Bietschhorn. 
After  traversing  a  swampy  tract  the 
line  reaches  the  station  of 

Visp  (French  Vzege),  at  the  opening 
of  the  Visp  valleys.  (For  the  railway 
to  Zermatt  see  §  20.  Rte.  A,  and  for  the 
way  to  Saas  §  20.  Rte.  N. )  In  hot 
weather  it  is  best  to  avoid  sleeping 
here,  as  the  place  is  subject  to  malaria. 
The  fine  snow  pyramid  to  the  S.  is 
not  Monte  Rosa  (as  is  sometimes 
stated),  but  the  Balfrin,  the  N.  peak 
of  the  Saasgrat  (§  20.  Rte.  P).  Visp 
was  formerly  the  residence  of  many 
of  the  native  aristocracy  of  the  Upper 
Vallais,  but,  owing  to  the  division  of 
property  and  changes  in  political  in- 
stitutions, most  of  the  old  families 
have  dwindled  into  insignificance. 
In  1250  the  lordship  passed  by  mar- 
riage to  the  Counts  of  Biandrate  (near 
Novara),  and  thus  enabled  them  to 
plant  a  German-speaking  colony  at 
Macugnaga  (§  20.  Rte.  F),  and  an 
Italian-speaking  one  at  Saas  (§  20. 
Rte.  N).  Two  curious  churches  de- 
serve passing  notice.  One  of  these, 
originally  reserved  exclusively  for 
persons  of  noble  family,  was  partially 
destroyed  by  the  earthquake  of  1855, 
which  injured  all  the  buildings  in  the 
town.  On  the  N.  side  of  the  Rhone, 
opposite  Visp,  is  the  opening  of  the 
Baltschieder  glen,  which  affords  access 
by  a  high  glacier  pass  to  the  Lot- 
schenthal (§  24),  and  is  said  to  pro- 
duce many  rare  minerals. 

[From  Visp  a  track  leads  across 
the  mountains  to  the  Hospice  on  the 
Simplon,  there  being  a  mule  track  all 
the  way  (7  hrs.)  The  path  mounts 
in  2  hrs.  to  Visperterbinen,  S.E.  of 
and  high  above  Visp,  and  then  bears 
E.  to  the  ridge  S.  of  an  eminence 
called  Gebide?n  (2,328  m.,  7,638  ft.), 
commanding  a  magnificent  view  and 
accessible  in  20  min. ,  passing  a  large 
tarn  on  the  way.    The  path  then 


ROUTE  A.    GENEVA  TO  MILAN  BY  THE  SIMPLON  PASS  557 


descends  rapidly  in  a  S.  E.  direction  to 
the  Bisti staff  el  huts  in  the  Gamserthal 
or  Nanzthal.  A  second  ascent  leads 
up  to  the  Bisteuen  Pass  (2,432  m., 
7,979  ft.),  whence  a  direct  descent 
brings  the  traveller  to  the  Simplon 
road,  not  far  from  the  Old  Hospice.] 

3§  m.  beyond  Visp  is  Gamsen,  at 
the  mouth  of  the  glen  of  the  same 
name,  through  which  Saas  or  Simplon 
can  be  reached  (Rte.  B).  Here  are 
masses  of  gravel  brought  down  by 
the  torrent  flowing  from  that  glen. 
A  mile  beyond  Gamsen  is  Glis  (with 
the  largest  church  in  the  Vallais,  con- 
taining a  curious  altar-tomb  of  15 19, 
meant  for  George  Supersax),  where 
the  ascent  to  the  Simplon  Pass  ori- 
ginally commenced  ;  but  the  universal 
practice  is  to  make  a  slight  detour  by 

Brieg  (French  Bn'gue),  684  m.', 
2,244  ft- 5  the  present  terminus  of 
the  railway.  It  is  a  cheerful-looking 
town,  with  a  conspicuous  triple-tur- 
reted  Chateau,  belonging  to  the  Stock  - 
alper  family,  to  whose  zeal  many  of 
the  numerous  religious  buildings  in 
the  town  are  due.  There  is  a  fine 
view  from  the  terrace  of  the  old 
Jesuits'  College.  The  station  is  some 
distance  from  the  town.  (On  the  N. 
is  seen  the  high-perched  hotel  of  the 
Belalp,  described  in  §  24. ) 

The  pass  of  the  Simplon  is  the 
lowest  of  the  great  passes  across  the 
main  range  of  the  Alps,  between  the 
Mont  Genevre  and  the  Lukmanier. 
The  N.  and  S.  direction  prevailing 
amongst  the  ridges  and  valleys  of  the 
Monte  Rosa  group  here  ceases,  and 
the  main  range  resumes  its  character- 
istic direction  from  S.W.  to  N.E. 
The  pass  is  approached  on  the  N. 
side  through  the  short  and  steep  glen 
traversed  by  the  insignificant  torrent 
of  the  Saltine ,  but  on  the  S.  side  the 
road  descends  into  the  narrow  ravine 
of  the  Val  di  Vedro,  running  from  W. 
to  E.,  parallel  to  the  adjoining  valleys 
of  Bognanco  and  Antrona.  It  is 
very  uncertain  whether  the  pass  was 
used  by  the  Romans  ;  at  any  rate  its 
historical  importance  dates  from  the 
thirteenth  century,  and  it  was  often 


used  in  the  fifteenth  century  by  the 
Swiss  when  trying  to  conquer  the  Val 
d'Ossola.  The  village  of  Simplon, 
on  the  S.  slope,  is  one  of  the  numer- 
ous thirteenth-century  German-speak- 
ing settlements  from  the  Upper  Val- 
lais, and  doubtless  this  is  the  historical 
reason  why  even  now  the  Swiss  fron- 
tier extends  so  far  down  the  Italian 
slope  of  the  Alps  as  Gondo. 

The  construction  of  a  road  over 
the  pass  was  determined  on  in  1800, 
and  it  was  completed  in  1805,  though 
not  open  for  traffic  till  1807.  It  is 
stated  that  between  Brieg  and  Sesto 
Calende  there  are  no  fewer  than  611 
bridges,  while  the  cost  of  the  road 
from  Glis  to  Domo  was  400,000/. 
The  breadth  is  nowhere  less  than 
23  ft.,  and  the  slope  rarely  exceeds 
1  in  15.  Though  it  has  been  later 
surpassed,  especially  by  some  of  the 
great  Austrian  roads,  such  as  the 
Stelvio,  the  Simplon  road  remains  a 
remarkable  monument  of  skill  and 
labour,  owing  to  the  great  difficulties 
that  were  successfully  encountered  in 
making  it.  It  happens,  unfortunately, 
that  the  narrow  gorge  through  which 
it  was  necessary  to  conduct  the  de- 
scent towards  Italy  is  peculiarly  ex- 
posed to  the  effects  of  storms  and 
heavy  rain.  The  road  has  thus  often 
suffered  serious  damage,  and,  in  truth, 
is  scarcely  safe  in  stormy  weather. 
It  is  reckoned  that  the  sums  expended 
for  maintenance  and  repairs  have 
borne  a  large  proportion  to  the  ori- 
ginal cost. 

[Pedestrians  may  save  fully  8  m. 
in  the  ascent  by  following  the  old 
mule  track,  which  keeps  above  the  r. 
bank  of  the  Saltine,  and  leaves  Berisal 
several  miles  to  the  1.  It  is  best  to 
mount  by  a  foot  path  from  Brieg  to 
the  high  road  near  the  Second  Refuge, 
whence  the  old  mule  track  ascends  the 
upper  part  of  the  Saltine  glen.  The 
writer  (J.  B.)  found  1  ij  firs.'  steady 
walking,  with  a  knapsack,  sufficient 
for  the  distance  from  Brieg  to  Domo, 
including  a  halt  of  f  hr.  at  the 
Hospice.  J 

In  ascending  from  Brieg  there  is  a 


558 


PENNINE  ALPS.    §  2f.  SIMPLON  DISTRICT 


very  fine  view  of  the  Bernese  Alps  on 
the  N.,  but  the  Gross  Aletsch  gl., 
though  so  near,  is  almost  hidden  by 
slopes  of  the  Riederhorn.  After 
mounting  some  distance  till  it  joins 
the  road  coming  from  Glis,  the  Sim- 
plon  road  makes  a  wide  sweep  to  the 
1. ,  and  then  returns  towards  the  gorge 
of  the  Saltine,  but  at  a  great  height 
above  the  torrent.  At  the  Second  or 
Schallbei'g  Refuge  the  first  great  ob- 
stacle to  the  progress  of  the  road  is 
encountered.  A  torrent  called  the 
Ganter  descends  from  the  E.  to  join 
the  Saltine,  and  has  cut  for  itself  a 
deep  and  narrow  glen,  crossing  the 
line  that  must  be  taken  to  reach  the 
pass.  The  road,  therefore,  leaving 
the  Saltine  glen,  passes  high  above 
the  Ganter  gorge,  which  is  crossed, 
after  a  long  detour  (pedestrians  can 
take  a  short  cut  to  Berisal),  and  then 
two  long  zigzags  lead  up  to  the  Third 
Refuge,  or  Berisal  (1,526  m.,  5,007 
ft.),  now  a  favourite  place  of  sojourn 
in  summer. 

[Hence  the  conspicuous  Bortelhorn 
(3,204  m.,  10,512  ft.)  can  be  climbed 
in  5  hrs. ,  as  may  the  Wasenhom 
(3,255  m.,  10,680  ft.),  more  to  the 
S.W.  For  the  passes  over  to  Binn, 
or  the  Veglia  Alp,  see  §  29.3 

It  is  now  necessary  to  return  at  a 
higher  level,  on  the  S.  side  of  the  I 
Ganter  ravine,    towards   the  gorge 
of  the  Saltine,  so  that  the  Fourth  I 
Refuge,  scarcely  1  m.  in  a  straight 
line  from  the  Second,  is  distant  at 
least  6  m.  by  road.    The  first  long 
tunnel  or  '  Gallery '  is  that  of  Schall- 
bett  (100  ft.),  beyond  which  is  the 
Fifth  Refuge,  or  Schallbett.    The  part 
of  the  road  between  this  and  the  ! 
Sixth  Refuge   is   much  exposed  to  ; 
avalanches  in  winter  and  spring,  and 
several  long  '  Galleries  '  are  traversed  i 
to  avoid  the  danger  from  the  Kalt-  | 
wasser  gl. ,  above  on  the  E.,  and  to  j 
get  round  the  head  of  the  Schallbett 
gorge,  below  it.    Monte  Leone  and 
the  Hubschhorn  rise  grandly  to  the 
E.  and  S.E.,  and  on  approaching  the 
summit  of  the  pass  the  traveller  once 
again  beholds  the  range  of  the  Ber- 


nese Alps  as  far  as  the  Finsteraar- 
horn,  with  the  lofty  chain  of  the 
Nesthorn,  whose  peaks  are  con- 
founded with  the  more  distant  moun- 
tains behind.  Soon  after  passing  the 
Sixth  Refuge  the  summit  of  the  pass 
(2,009  m-5  6,592  ft.)  is  reached,  and 
a  short  descent  leads  thence  down  to 
the  Hospice  (2,001  m.,  6,565  ft.), 
founded  by  Napoleon  in  1802,  but 
completed,  and  now  occupied,  by 
x\ustin  Canons  Regular,  belonging  to 
the  same  house  as  those  of  the  Great 
St.  Bernard.  The  management  is 
similar  to  that  of  the  parent  house, 
though  the  accommodation  is  not  so 
good.  The  cold  here  is  less  severe, 
and  the  facility  of  access  on  both 
sides  by  a  high  road  makes  the  ser- 
vices of  the  devoted  religious  less  in- 
dispensable here  than  at  their  original 
station.  But  they  give  annually 
gratuitous  food  and  lodging  to  many 
thousands  of  poor  travellers,  so  that 
those  who  halt  here  on  their  pleasure 
journey  should  not  omit  to  put  a 
suitable  donation  into  the  box  pro- 
vided for  that  purpose. 

\J\fonte  Leone  (3,561  m.,  11,683  &  ) 
can  be  ascended  hence  in  4-5  hrs.  by 
a  very  easy  route  over  the  Hohmatten 
and  Alpien  gls. ,  and  commands  a  most 
superb  panorama  ;  from  the  Alpien  gl. 
it  is  easy  to  descend  to  Al  Gaby,  or  to 
the  Veglia  Alp,  for  which  as  well  as 
the  passes  leading  thither  see  §  29. 
Shorter  climbs  from  the  Hospice  are 
the  Wasenhom,  3,255  m.,  10,680  ft. 
(4  hrs. ),  and  the  Hiibschhom,  3,196 
m.,  10,486  ft.  (3  hrs.)  For  the 
Bistenen  Pass  to  Visp  see  above 
under  Visp,  and  for  the  passes  to  Saas 
Rte.  B.  below.  J 

For  at  least  3  m.  from  the  summit 
of  the  pass  the  road  traverses  an  un- 
dulating plateau,  sloping  gently  to  the 
S.W.  On  the  r.  hand  stands  the  Old 
Hospice,  the  tower  of  which  was  built 
in  1653  by  the  Stockalper  family  ;  it 
is  on  the  site  of  the  original  Hospice, 
which  from  at  least  1235  to  1470  was 
managed  by  the  Knights  Hospitaller. 
The  Seventh  Refuge  is  now  in  ruins, 
not  being   required,  and   the  road 


ROUTE  A.    GENEVA  TO  MILAN  BY  THE  SIMPLON  PASS  559 


descends  gently  in  a  S.E.  direction, 
with  fine  views  of  the  Fletschhorn 
range,  to  the  village  of  Simplon 
(Germ.  Simpeln  ;  Italian  Sempione), 
1,479  m->  4j852  which,  as  pointed 
out  above,  is  one  of  the  numerous 
thirteenth-century  German-speaking 
settlements  from  the  Upper  Vallais. 

\J\ionte  Leone  may  be  climbed  in 
6  hrs.  from  here,  by  gaining  through 
the  Hohmatten  glen  the  gl.  of  the 
same  name,  on  which  the  route  from 
the  Hospice  is  joined.  The  Ross- 
bodenhom  (4,001  m.,  13,128  ft.)  may 
be  attained  in  8  or  9  hrs.  by  the  N.  E. 
or  S.E.  aretes,  or  by  the  N.  arete 
from  the  Rossboden  Pass,  for  which, 
as  well  as  for  the  other  passes  to  Saas, 
see  Rte.  B.  (For  those  to  the  Veglia 
Alp  see  §  29.)  The  Rossboden  gl. 
descends  in  a  fine  icefall  from  the 
peak  of  that  name,  and  may  be 
visited  in  3-4  hrs.  from  the  village 
by  way  of  the  Rossboden  or  Seng 
glen,  which  joins  the  main  valley  a 
little  above  the  village.  The  more 
considerable  Laqnin  gl.  sends  its  tor- 
rent down  to  the  valley  at  Al  Gaby.] 

The  stream  which  descends  from 
the  pass  on  the  S.  side  is  called 
Krummbach,  but  lower  down  it  re- 
ceives the  Italian  name  of  Doveria  or 
Diveria.  The  pedestrian  may  make 
a  short  cut  in  descending  from  Sim- 
plon to  Al  Gaby  or  G stein,  thus  avoid- 
ing the  long  zigzag  which  runs  a 
little  way  up  the  Laqui)i  glen.  (For 
the  way  hence  to  Domo  by  the  Val 
Bognanco  see  Rte.  D. )  The  road  is 
carried  through  a  '  Gallery,'  and 
passes  the  ruins  of  a  large  barracks 
(hence  a  stony  path  leads  up  to  the 
Alpien  hamlet  and  Fressinone  huts, 
past  which  Monte  Leone  can  be 
reached  by  the  Alpien  gl. ,  or  a  pass 
crossed  to  the  Veglia  Alp  :  see  §  29) 
some  way  after  entering  the  famous 
Gorge  of  Gondo,  one  of  the  most  re- 
markable scenes  traversed  by  a  car- 
riage road  in  the  Alps.  The  valley- 
is  here  a  mere  cleft,  between  precipi- 
tous gneiss  rocks  of  great  height 
(varying  from  2,300  to  nearly  3,000 
ft.),  and  the   utmost   skill   of  the 


engineer  has  been  taxed  to  find  a 
passage  for  the  road  alongside  of  the 
stream,  which,  after  every  storm,  be- 
comes a  furious  torrent.  Nor  is  this 
the  only  risk  to  be  encountered.  The 
same  cause  sometimes  detaches  blocks 
of  stone  from  the  face  or  the  summit 
of  these  precipices,  and  passing  carri- 
ages have  ere  now  been  crushed  by 
their  fall.  Some  plants  of  the  Alpine 
region,  and  among  them  Saussurea 
discolor,  may  be  seen  on  the  rocks. 
After  crossing  the  Doveria  by  the 
Ponte  Alto,  and  soon  after  returning 
to  the  1.  bank,  the  road  reaches  the 
entrance  of  the  great  '  Gallery''  of 
Gondo.  This  is  a  tunnel,  722  ft.  in 
length,  cut  through  a  buttress  of  ex- 
tremely hard  rock,  which  all  but 
closes  the  gorge.  In  it  is  the  in- 
scription, '  Aere  Italo.  Nap.  Imp. 
1805.'  Nothing  can  be  more  striking 
than  the  scene  on  issuing  from  the  E. 
end  of  the  tunnel.  The  Fressinone  or 
Alpien  torrent,  leaping  from  a  lateral 
cleft  in  the  wall  of  the  valley,  falls  in 
a  roaring  waterfall  close  to  the  mouth 
of  the  tunnel,  and  the  road  is  carried 
across  a  bridge  very  near  the  fall. 
The  next  portion  of  the  road  has  fre- 
quently suffered  from  the  destructive 
effects  of  storms,  which,  especially  in 
1834  and  1839,  carried  away  bridges 
and  parts  of  the  roadway. 

Gondo  (Germ.  Ruden  or  Gtcnz),  858 
m.,  2,815  ft-'  is  ma-de  up  of  a  pictu- 
resque Stockalper  tower,  eight  stories 
high,  originally  built  as  a  refuge  for 
travellers,  and  of  the  Swiss  Custom 
house,  as  this  is  the  last  Swiss  village. 
(Hence  the  Zwischbergen  Pass  leads 
to  Saas,  Rte.  C.)  Half  a  mile  be- 
yond the  village  a  column  marks  the 
frontier.  This  happens  to  correspond 
to  a  considerable  change  in  the 
character  of  the  vegetation,  which 
assumes  a  decided  southern  character, 
when,  3  m.  farther,  the  traveller 
reaches  Iselle,  the  Italian  Custom- 
house station.  The  storms  above 
alluded  to  produced  their  utmost 
effect  in  the  portion  of  the  valley  be- 
low Iselle,  called  Val  di  Vedro,  and 
for  a  space  of  several  miles  not  only 


560  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  21.  SIMPLON  DISTRICT 


did  the  bridges  disappear,  but  the  road 
itself  was  completely  swept  away  by  the 
flood.  Some  way  beyond  the  Caii'asca 
(or  Cherasca)  torrent  joins  the  Doveria, 
and  5  m.  from  Iselle,  but  a  little  above 
the  high  road,  is  the  village  of  Varzo. 
(For  the  way  hence  to  the  Veglia 
Alp,  and  thence  over  to  Binii  or 
Devero,  see  §  29. )  The  chestnut  has 
become  the  prevailing  tree  before  the 
road  traverses  the  last  •'Gallery,' 
where  the  prickly  pears,  spreading 
over  the  rocks,  further  prove  the 
change  of  climate.  The  Doveria  is 
crossed  for  the  last  time,  8  J  m.  below 
Iselle,  by  the  fine  bridge  of  Crevola. 
Here  the  traveller  issues  from  the 
narrow  gorge  of  the  Val  di  Vedro 
into  the  broad,  stately  Val  d'Ossola, 
bright  with  numerous  villages  and 
white  campaniliy  and  rich  with  the 
peculiar  vegetation  of  N.  Italy,  where 
mulberry  trees  and  trellised  vines 
dispute  the  occupation  of  the  soil 
with  maize  and  hemp,  and  the  varied 
crops  that  are  crowded  together  in 
every  spare  spot  of  ground.  The 
sense  of  an  utter  change  of  scene  is 
completed  to  the  ear  by  the  keen 
shrillness  of  the  unseen  cicale  that  fills 
the  entire  air.  The  Val  d'Ossola  is 
traversed  by  the  Tosa  or  Toce)  a.  very 
considerable  Alpine  stream,  which 
soon  ends  its  short  course  from  the 
Val  Formazza  and  the  Val  Antigorio 
(§  29),  in  the  Lago  Maggiore.  The 
Bogna,  flowing  from  the  Val  Bag- 
nanco  (Rte.  D),  has  poured  a  vast 
mass  of  debris  into  the  broad,  level 
bed  of  the  Val  d'Ossola  a  short  dis- 
tance above  Domo. 

Domo  d'Ossola  (271  m. ,  889  ft.)  is 
a  small,  very  Italian-looking  town, 
especially  interesting  to  those  who  see 
Italy  for  the  first  time.  Near  the 
market  place  is  the  Palazzo  Silva, 
with  a  collection  of  antiquities,  &c. , 
while  the  Galletti  Museum  has  many 
books  and  a  cabinet  of  medals.  The 
natural  history  collections  are  now  in 
the  Palazzo  di  San  Francesco.  For 
the  excursions  in  the  neighbourhood 
see  Bazetta  and  Brusonrs  1  Guide  de 
l'Ossola'  (1889). 


The   most  agreeable  way  of  ap- 
proaching the  Lago  Maggiore  is  by 
the  carriage  road  through  the  Val 
Vigezzo  and  the  Val  Cannobina(§  32) ; 
but  most  travellers  take  the  easier 
route  to  Baveno  or  Pallanza,  unless 
they  are  bound  for  Milan  direct  by 
the  railway  past  Orta.    As  far  as  the 
station  of  Gravellona  Toce  the  routes 
to  Milan  and  Baveno  are  the  same. 
The  railway  from  Domo  descends 
:   the  flat  valley  of  the  Tosa.    At  Villa 
•  d'Ossola  the  Ovesca  from  Val  An- 
:   trona  (Rte.  E)  flows  into  the  Tosa, 
which,  2\  m.  beyond,  near  Piedi- 
\   ?niilera,  receives  the  Anza  from  the 
Val  Anzasca  (§  20.  Rte.  F).  Both 
railway  and  road  cross  to  the  1.  bank 
'   of  the  Tosa  at  the  bridge  of  Masoue, 
I  from  near  which  the  highest  peaks  of 
Monte  Rosa  are  seen  in  clear  weather, 
above  the  opening  of  the  Val  Anzasca. 
A  little  way  further  is  Vogogna,  and 
beyond   Cuzzago,  where  the  direct 
road  to  Pallanza  turns  off.    But  it  is 
now  more  usual  to  continue  in  the 
railway     past     Ornavasso  (Germ. 
Urnasch),  originally  a  German-speak- 
ing colony  from  Naters,  opposite  Brieg 
(it  was  from  the  extensive  quarries  of 
Ornavasso  that  most  of  the  white 
I   marble   used    in    constructing  the 
Duomo  of  Milan  was  obtained),  to  the 
station  of  Gravellona  Toce,  whence 
it  is  about  6  m.  to  Pallanza  (§  32), 
past  the  Lake  of  Mergozzo.  Here 
part  the  two  routes  to  Milan  ;  they 
reunite  at  Rho. 

(a)  By  Orta  (Rlwy.)— The  railway 
now  leaves  the  valley  of  the  Tosa,  and 
runs  along  the  1.  bank  of  the  Strona 
torrent  (for  the  valley  of  that  name 
see  §  20.  Rte.  M),  past  its  junction 
with  that  from  the  lake,  to  Omegna, 
at  the  N.  end  of  the  Lake  of  Orta. 
(For  the  routes  hence  to  Varallo  see 
§  20.  Rtes.  L  and  M.)  Hence  the 
line  runs  high  above  the  E.  shore  of 
the  lake,  with  beautiful  views  over  it, 
to  the  station  of  Orta,  some  way 
above  the  town  of  that  name,  which 
!  is  not  visible  from  it.  The  Lake  of 
;  Orta  is,  perhaps,  the  most  attractive 
I   of  the  smaller  lakes  on  the  S.  side  of 


ROUTE  A.    GENEVA  TO  MILAN  BY  THE  SIMPLON  PASS  561 


the  Alps.  It  lies  in  a  depression 
about  9  m.  long,  parallel  to  the  S. 
portion  of  the  Lago  Maggiore,  but 
about  300  ft.  higher  than  that  lake. 
The  scenery  of  the  shores  combines 
richness  with  boldness  of  form,  but 
does  not  offer  the  variety  that  charac- 
terises the  shores  of  the  greater  lakes. 
The  heights  that  surround  it  com- 
mand views  of  extreme  beauty,  the 
panorama  from  the  Mottarone  (see 
below)  being  celebrated  as  one  of  the 
finest  in  the  Alps.  The  little  town 
of  Orta  is  delightfully  situated  on  the 
shore  of  a  promontory  stretching  out 
into  the  lake,  and  is  a  tempting  place 
for  a  halt  of  some  days.  Boating  is 
one  of  the  chief  amusements  here. 
The  Monte  Sacro,  forming  a  rocky 
promontory  projecting  into  the  lake, 
is  a  sanctuary  dedicated  to  St.  Francis 
of  Assisi,  with  twenty-one  chapels 
arranged  in  imitation  of  the  more 
famous  Sacro  Monte  of  Varallo  ( §  20. 
Rte.  E).  Though  less  remarkable 
as  works  of  art  these  well  deserve  a 
visit,  while  the  views  over  the  lake 
and  the  surrounding  mountains  are  of 
great  beauty.  The  /sola  San  Giulio 
should  not  be  omitted  by  a  stranger. 
Besides  the  extreme  beauty  of  the 
position,  the  old  church,  partly 
modernised,  contains  many  objects  of 
interest.  Among  the  frescoes  is  one 
by  Gaudenzio  Ferrari,  and  others  by 
Tibaldi,  an  antique  carved  pulpit,  &c. 
Some  bones  of  a  whale  are  exhibited 
as  the  remains  of  a  monstrous  serpent, 
destroyed  by  San  Giulio,  who  retreated 
hither  in  the  fourth  century. 

[For  the  lovely  excursion  from 
Orta  to  Varallo  by  the  Colle  della 
Colma,  see  §  20.  Rte.  L,  wherein  the 
route  to  Ponte  Grande  through  the 
Val  Mastallone  is  described,  that  by 
the  Val  Strona  being  given  in  Rte.  M. 
For  the  drive  to  Borgo  Sesia  by 
Valduggia,  see  Rte.  K. 

The  most  interesting  excursion 
from  Orta,  and  one  enabling  a  traveller 
to  combine  the  finest  parts  of  both 
routes  to  Milan,  with  the  addition  of 
a  first-rate  view,  is  the  ascent  of  the 
Monte  Mottarone,  the  culminating 
I. 


point  of  the  range  dividing  the  Lake 
of  Orta  from  the  Lago  Maggiore.  It 
can  be  easily  reached  from  Orta, 
Omegna,  Stresa,  or  Baveno,  and  no 
one  stopping  at  any  of  those  places 
should  omit  the  ascent.  It  takes  3J 
hrs.  (donkeys  take  4  hrs. )  from  Orta 
by  way  of  A  rmeno  and  CAeggino,  and 
about  3 J  hrs.  from  Baveno  by  a  mule 
path.  A  cogwheel  railway  from 
Stresa  is  projected.  There  is  an 
excellent  Hotel  (1,426  m.,  4,679 
ft.)  close  to  the  summit,  which  is 
1,491  m.  (4,892  ft.)  The  mountain 
has  been  called  the  Italian  Rigi,  a 
title  which  better  belongs  to  the 
Monte  Generoso  (§  33).  The  pano- 
rama is  indeed  very  beautiful,  and  not 
unworthy  to  rank  near  that  of  its 
Swiss  rival ;  but  the  mountain  is  in 
itself  far  less  interesting,  the  relief  of 
the  surface  is  less  varied,  the  brilliant 
colouring  of  the  Alpine  pastures  is 
not  seen  here,  and  a  great  part  of  the 
surface  is  occupied  by  meagre,  stunted 
heather,  wherein  grey  and  brown 
tints  predominate.  It  is  advisable 
to  start  very  early,  and  so  increase  the 
chance  of  a  clear  view  ;  but  if  possible 
a  night  should  be  spent  at  the  Hotel, 
so  as  to  enjoy  the  wonderful  sunset 
effects  from  the  summit.  A  pano- 
rama, by  Bossoli,  was  issued  with  the 
'  Bollettino  '  of  the  Italian  Alpine 
Club  for  1874,  and  in  the  same 
periodical  for  1884  will  be  found  a 
complete  monograph  on  the  mountain. 

In  one  respect  the  panorama  from 
the  summit  is  superior  to  that  from 
the  Rigi,  as  the  peaks  of  Monte  Rosa 
[all  of  which  are  seen  hence)  and  of 
the  Saasgrat  are  here  nearer  at  hand, 
and  better  seen  than  the  Bernese 
Oberland  range  is  from  the  Swiss 
mountain.  These  mighty  summits 
are  followed  by  the  Fletschhorn,  the 
Monte  Leone,  and  its  neighbours  of 
the  Lepontine  Alps,  some  of  the  chief 
summits  of  the  Bernese  Oberland,  the 
Rheinwaldhorn,  the  Monte  della  Dis- 
grazia,  and  the  glacier-clad  mass  of 
the  Adamello  (between  the  Val  Ren- 
dena  and  the  Val  Camonica,  §  40). 
The  vast  plain  of  Lombardy  (Milan 
o  o 


562  PENNINE  ALPS.     §  21.  SIMPLON  DISTRICT 


and  its  Duomo  are  visible)  and  Pied- 
mont is  in  clear  weather  bounded  by 
the  Appennines,  and  towards  the  W. 
by  the  Cottian  Alps,  crowned  by  the 
Monte  Viso.  The  characteristic 
beauty  of  the  view  depends,  however, 
on  the  two  lakes,  which  between  them 
all  but  surround  the  mountain,  and 
one  advantage  of  making  the  ascent 
from  Orta  is  the  additional  charm  of 
this  first  view  of  the  Lago  Maggiore, 
which  remains  in  sight  during  the 
greater  part  of  the  descent  to  Baveno 
or  Stresa.  The  lakes  of  Varese, 
Comabbio,  Biandronno  (or  Bian- 
drone),  Monate,  and  Mergozzo, 
though  not  prominent,  are  interesting 
features  in  the  panorama. 

The  descent  to  Baveno  is  shorter 
and  steeper  than  that  to  Stresa,  but 
either  may  be  reached  in  2  hrs.  In  fine 
weather  a  person  well  used  to  moun- 
tain-walking will  not  absolutely  re- 
quire a  guide,  as  arrows  on  the  houses 
in  the  villages  indicate  the  right  direc- 
tion. But  when  the  clouds  lie  low  it 
is  extremely  difficult  for  a  stranger  to 
find  his  way  over  the  undulating 
ridges  of  the  mountain.  J 

The  railway  passes  by  Gozzano  and 
Borgomanero  before  reaching  Novara, 
on  the  direct  line  from  Turin  to  Milan, 
and  at  the  junction  of  the  lines  from 
Varallo,  and  from  Bellinzona  along 
the  E.  shore  of  the  Lago  Maggiore. 

(b)  By  Arona  (Road  and  Rlwy. )— At 
Gravellona  Toce  the  road  to  the  Lago 
Maggiore  turns  E.  and  passes  S.  of  the 
Mont*  Orfano,  an  isolated  hill  of  pink 
granite,  while  both  this  and  a  white- 
grained  variety  occur  on  the  slopes 
of  the  Mottarone,  above  the  road.  At 
Feriolo  the  shores  of  the  lake  are 
reached,  and  the  bay  of  Pallanza,  one 
of  the  most  beautiful  portions  of  the 
Lago  Maggiore,  comes  fully  into 
view.  A  little  farther  on  the  traveller 
attains  (4J  m.  from  Gravellona  Toce) 
one  of  the  most  frequented  haunts  of 
tourists,  Baveno. 

The  view  of  the  lake  from  Baveno 
is  fine,  though  not  superior  to  that 
from  other  points  on  its  shores.  At 
Baveno  is  the  splendid  Villa  Clara, 


formerly  in  the  possession  of  Mr. 
Henfrey,  who  placed  it  at  the  dis- 
position of  Queen  Victoria  in  1879, 
and  of  the  late  German  Crown  Prince 
I   in  1887.    But  the  main  source  of 
I   attraction  at  Baveno  is  the  neigh- 
|   bourhood  of  the  Borromean  Islands, 
I   which  have  obtained  a  reputation  even 
greater  than  their  deserts.  They  may, 
j   however,  be  equally  well  visited  from 
J   Stresa,  or  from  Pallanza  (§  32).  The 
islands  are  four  in  number.    Of  these 
!   the  smallest — the  /sola  di  San  Gio- 
vanni— is  unimportant,  and  the  /sola 
dei   Pescatori,    though  picturesque 
from  a  distance,  does  not  gain  by 
a  nearer  acquaintance.     The  /sola 
Madre,  half-way  between  Baveno  and 
Pallanza,  is  a  garden,  partly  planted 
with  orange  and  lemon  trees  on  formal 
terraces,  and  in  part  laid  out  in  the 
English  style.    It  is  interesting  from 
the  number  of  exotic  plants  that  here 
flourish  in  the  open  air.    The  agave 
attains   a   great   size,    while  many 
Australian  and  Indian  trees  seem  to 
grow  freely  in  sheltered  spots. 

The  chief  resort  of  strangers  is  the 
/sola  Bella.  The  palace  of  the 
Borromeo  family,  commenced  on  a 
scale  of  regal  grandeur,  remains  in- 
complete. The  state  rooms  are  ex- 
hibited to  strangers  ;  but  there  is  not 
much  worthy  of  notice,  and  the  pic- 
tures are,  almost  without  exception, 
of  the  later  Lombard  school.  The 
collection  includes  fifty  landscapes  by 
Tempesta,  who  here  found  hospitality 
and  a  secure  retreat  when  pursued  by 
the  ministers  of  the  law  for  the  murder 
of  his  wife.  The  greater  part  of  the 
island,  originally  ba2?e  rock,  was  about 
two  centuries  ago  converted  into  a 
garden  formed  of  ten  terraces,  rising 
one  above  the  other  in  successive 
stages  to  the  height  of  about  130  ft. 
above  the  lake.  At  an  enormous  ex- 
pense of  labour  and  money  soil  was 
carried  from  the  shores  of  the  lake, 
and  arrangements  contrived,  not  only 
for  protecting  many  of  the  plants  in 
winter,  but  for  applying  heat  through 
subterranean  passages.  The  result 
has  been  so  far  successful  that  many 


ROUTE  A.    GENEVA  TO  MILAN  BY  THE  SIMPLON  PASS  563 


plants  and  trees,  not  seen  elsewhere 
so  far  north,  here  grow  luxuriantly, 
and  the  effect  of  the  rich  vegetation, 
combined  with  the  beautiful  views  of 
the  lake  and  the  surrounding  moun- 
tains, must  satisfy  all  but  the  most 
fastidious.  Critics  who  complain  of 
the  want  of  simplicity  and  naturalness 
may  fairly  be  answered  that  the  island 
looks  to  be  what  it  is — a  creation  of 
art  —  and  that  on  no  other  terms  would 
it  be  possible,  in  such  a  position,  to 
obtain  the  object  in  view.  There  is  a 
good  inn  on  the  island,  close  to  the 
palace.  About  3  m.  S.  of  Baveno  is 
Stresa,  and  from  either  of  these 
villages  the  much-recommended  ascent 
of  the  Monte  Mottarone  (see  a.  above) 
may  be  made.  The  next  village  is 
Belgirate.  The  shore  of  the  lake  is 
studded  thickly  with  villas.  Near 
the  village  of  Lesa  was  that  of  the 
poet  Manzoni.  Farther  on  is  Meina, 
and  11  m.  from  Stresa  the  traveller 
reaches 

Arona,  the  present  terminus  of 
the  railway  on  this  shore  of  the 
lake,  and  the  chief  port  for  the  lake 
steamers.  On  approaching  this  town 
the  road  passes  below  the  colossal 
statue  of  San  Carlo  Borromeo,  stand- 
ing on  a  flat-topped  hill,  which  forms 
a  natural  terrace  parallel  to  the  shore 
of  the  lake.  It  is  \  hr.  's  walk  from  the 
town.  The  pedestal  is  about  40  ft, 
high,  and  the  statue  itself  77  ft.,  in 
all  117  ft.,  but  the  estimates  of  its 
height  vary  considerably.  It  dates 
from  the  end  of  the  seventeenth  cen- 
tury, and  was  erected  in  honour  of 
the  saintly  archbishop  of  Milan,  who 
was  born  near  Arona.  Some  zealous 
sightseers  climb  up  into  the  head  of  the 
statue  by  a  fixed  ladder  and  steps, 
and  after  sitting  down  in  the  inside  of 
the  nose  scramble  down  again. 

The  railway  from  Arona  to  Milan 
bends  round  the  S.  end  of  the  Lago 
Maggiore  to  Sesto  Calende,  where  it 
joins  the  line  coming  from  Bellinzona 
by  Luino  and  the  E.  shore  of  the 
lake.  There  is  a  line  from  Sesto  to 
Novara  (convenient  for  travellers 
bound  to  Turin,  &c),  but  the  direct 


route  to  Milan  is  that  past  Gallarate 
and  Rho . 

The  Lago  Maggiore  is  described  in 
detail  in  §  32. 


Route  B. 

SIMFLON  TO  SAAS  BY  THE 
FLETSCHHORN  GROUP. 

The  lofty  chain  rising  between  the 
valley  of  Saas  and  the  Simplon  road 
is,  so  far  as  regards  the  snowy  por- 
tion N.  of  the  Weissmies  (the  ridge 
S.  of  that  peak  is  described  in  the 
following  Rtes. ),  very  steep  indeed 
on  the  E.  side,  and  is  most  easily 
accessible  from  the  W.  or  Saas  side. 
Hence  the  two  main  passes  across  it 
are  but  rarely  traversed,  being  visited 
only  from  the  W.  side  by  parties 
bent  on  the  ascent  of  one  or  other  of 
the  twin  peaks  of  the  Fletschhorn. 
Unless  a  traveller  bound  from  Sim- 
plon to  Saas,  therefore,  reaches  the 
Weissmies  Sattel,  and  thence  gains 
the  Zwischbergen  Pass  (Rte.  C),  he 
must  cross  the  Rossboden  Pass,  at  the 
N.  end  of  the  chain,  if  he  wishes  to 
avoid  the  easy  route  by  the  Sirwolten 
and  Simeli  Passes,  which  necessitates 
a  descent  into  the  Gamserthal,  and  a 
reascent  from  it.  In  this  work  we 
may,  therefore,  describe  the  two  higher 
passes  very  briefly,  mainly  in  order 
to  include  a  notice  of  the  great  peaks 
which  overhang  them.  The  Hotel 
Weissmies,  above  the  Trift  Alp  (3 
hrs.  from  Saas),  makes  a  convenient 
starting  point  for  the  ascents  men- 
tioned in  this  and  the  following  Rte. 

1.  By  the  Laquinjoch. — The  range 
connecting  the  Weissmies  and  the 
Laquinhorn  presents  a  formidable 
appearance,  and  the  pass  between 
them  is  only  less  difficult  and  dan- 
gerous than  the  Fletschjoch.  The 
Laquin  glen  opens  into  the  Doveria 
valley  at  Al  Gaby,  so  that  a  party 
starting  from  Simplon  should  follow 
002 


564  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  21.  SIMPLON  DISTRICT 


the  high  road  to  the  end  of  the  very  | 
long  zigzag  above  Al  Gaby,  and 
leave  it  at  the  turn  in  order  to  mount 
through  the  Laquin  glen  to  the 
moraine  between  the  Hohlentrift  and 
Fletsckkom  glens.  Then  a  very 
steep  ascent  over  the  rather  rotten 
rocks  on  the  E.  face  of  the  Laquin- 
horn  leads  to  the  pass,  3,497  m., 
11,474  ft. 

[Hence  either  of  the  peaks  between 
which  it  lies  may  be  ascended,  but 
the  aretes  are  in  either  case  very  long, 
and  hard.  J 

The  descent  by  the  Hohlaub  gl., 
the  rock  ridge  dividing  it  from  the 
Trift  gl.,  and  the  Trift  Alp  inn 
offers  no  difficulties.  It  is  said  that 
10J  hrs.  suffice  for  this  pass,  which 
was  first  crossed  by  travellers  in  1 864, 
by  Messrs.  Robertson  and  Heathcote. 

2.  By  the  Fletschjcch. — This  very 
difficult  and  dangerous  pass  was 
crossed  for  the  first  and,  we  believe,  j 
the  only  time  in  1863,  by  Messrs.  j 
F.  W.  JacombandG.  Chater.  Having 
slept  at  the  Ober  Stafel  hut,  in  the 
Laquin  glen,  they  crossed  the  torrent 
to  its  1.  bank,  ascended  the  steep 
slopes  at  the  head  of  the  valley,  and, 
after  crossing  a  ridge  and  a  huge 
moraine,  reached  the  1.  bank  of  the  j 
Fletschhorn  gl.  in  3  hrs.  from  the  cha- 
lets.  Here  the  difficulties  of  the  pass 
commenced.  The  upper  part  of  the 
gl.  is  a  seemingly  impracticable  ice- 
fall,  and  is  besides  swept  by  falling 
blocks  from  the  precipices  above  its 
r.  bank.  After  mounting  for  I  hr. 
along  the  gl.,  the  party  took  to  the 
cliffs  on  its  1.  bank.  The  remainder  ; 
of  the  way  was  alternately  up  very 
steep  rocks  and  couloirs  of  ice,  not 
seldom  swept  by  stones,  and  this  part  I 
of  the  ascent  required  7  hrs.  of  peril- 
ous  climbing.  The  pass  lies  between 
the  two  summits  of  the  Fletschhorn, 
and  is  3,673  m.  (12,051  ft. )  in  height. 

[From  it  either  of  these  sum- 
mits may  be  easily  climbed.  The  . 
laquinhorn  (4,005  m.,  13,140  ft.), 
on  the  S.,  is  accessible  by  an 
easy  rock  ridge  in  \\  hr.  But 
it   is   even   more   directly   reached  j 


from  Saas  by  the  route  taken  on 
occasion  of  the  first  ascent,  effected  in 
1856  by  Mr.  Ames  with  three  Eng- 
lish friends  and  Herr  Imseng,  the 
cure  of  Saas.  This  lies  past  the 
Trift  Alp  inn,  and  then  up  the  easy 
rocks  on  the  S.  side  of  the  great  W. 
arete,  a  gap  in  which  is  then  gained, 
and  the  ridge  followed  to  the  summit, 
attained  in  6  hrs.  from  Saas.  The 
Rossbodenhorn  (4,001  m.,  13,128 
ft.)  is  accessible  from  the  Fletsch- 
joch  by  very  easy  snow  slopes 
in  less  than  1  hr.  It  can  also 
be  climbed  from  Simplon  by  its 
N.E.  arete,  or  by  its  N.  arete 
from  the  Rossboden  pass.  It  was  by 
the  N.E.  arete  that  the  first  ascent 
was  made  in  1854  by  Herr  Amherdt. 
It  is  not  a  very  long  day  to  climb 
both  peaks  together,  even  if  the  start 
be  made  from  Saas  and  not  from  the 
Trift  Alp  inn.  If  they  are  combined 
the  Rossbodenhorn  should  be  taken 
first,  while  the  snow  is  hard,  and  the 
Laquinhorn  traversed  on  the  return 
journey.  Coming  up  from  Saas  it  is 
not  necessary  to  go  to  the  Fletschjoch 
itself,  as  easy  snow  slopes  lead  up  in 
the  direction  of  the  former  peak  from 
the  top  of  the  icefall.  Both  peaks 
command  fine  views,  and  from  a  dis- 
tance show  as  a  single  summit.  On 
the  Swiss  map  the  Rossbodenhorn  is 
made  to  monopolise  the  name  Fletsch- 
horn, which  properly  applies  to  both 
peaks.  J 

The  icefall  of  the  Gr.  Trift  gl. 
is  best  turned  by  the  easy  rocks  on  its 
1.  bank,  and  below  the  gl.  stones 
and  grass  lead  down  past  the  Trift 
Alp  inn  to  Saas.  3J  hrs.  suffice  for 
the  descent  from  the  pass,  and  5- 
hrs.  for  the  ascent  to  it  on  the 
Saas  side. 

3.  By  the  Eossboden  Pass. — This 
is  the  most  direct  and  the  easiest  of  the 
glacier  passes  between  Simplon  and 
Saas.  It  was  crossed  as  long  ago  as 
1833  by  three  young  Swiss  botanists, 
who  described  it  under  the  name  of  the 
'  Passage  du  Rothhorn  '  (  =  Rau thorn) 
in  a  pamphlet  published  at  Geneva  in 
1835.     But  it  was  Mr.  Brooksbanks: 


ROUTE  B.    SIMPLON  TO  SAAS 


565 


account  of  his  passage,  in  1874,  in  the 
seventh  volume  of  the  '  Alpine 
Journal,'  that  brought  it  to  the  notice 
of  English  climbers. 

The  Rossboden  or  Seng  glen  opens 
close  to  the  village  of  Simplon,  and  the 
way  lies  up  this,  past  the  Rossboden 
huts,  to  the  Griesseren  gl.,  the  more 
northerly  of  the  two  that  close  the 
head  of  the  glen.  A  steep  rock  wall 
must  now  be  climbed  to  the  pass.  It 
is  best  to  ascend  by  a  buttress  just  S. 
of  a  couloir  well  marked  on  the  Swiss 
map.  The  pass  is  about  3,300  m. 
(10,827  ft-)?  rather  S.  of  the  Raut- 
horn,  and  is  gained  in  5  hrs.  or 
less  from  Simplon.  It  should  be 
noted  that  the  summit  of  the  pass  is 
the  rounded  snow  ridge  (above  the 
upper  edge  of  the  rock  wall)  which 
marks  the  distinction  between  the 
Mattwald  and  the  Gamser  gls. 
Hence  a  wonderful  view  of  the 
Bernese  Oberland  peaks  is  gained. 
( In  3  hrs.  more  it  is  possible  to  reach 
the  Rossbodenhorn  by  the  N.  arete. ) 
The  direct  descent  by  the  Mattwald 
gl. ,  and  glen  leads  to  a  point  in  the 
Saas  valley  little  above  the  inn  at  the 
Hutegg.  But  by  bearing  S.W.  from 
the  Mattwald  glen,  and  crossing  one 
of  several  gaps,  it  is  easy  to  gain  the 
Hofersalpi  whence  a  path  leads  by 
the  Bodmen  huts  direct  to  Saas 
Grund,  gained  in  4  hrs.  or  less  from 
the  pass,  while  an  almost  level  path 
leads  to  the  Hotel  Weissmies  above 
the  Trift  Alp. 

4.  By  the  Sirwolten  and  Simeli 
Passes.— This  route  entails  a  descent 
into  the  Gamserthal,  and  a  reascent 
on  the  other  side.  But  it  is  perfectly 
easy,  and  fairly  direct  for  a  traveller 
bound  from  the  Hospice  on  the 
Simplon  to  Saas.  A  notice  of  this 
double  passage  is  given  in  the  first 
volume  of  the  *  Alpine  Journal '  by 
Mr.  A.  W.  Moore,  who,  however, 
crossed  (in  1863)  the  Gamserjoch,  in- 
stead of  the  easier  Simeli  Pass,  more 
to  the  N.W. 

From  the  Hospice,  or  (longer)  from 
the  village  of  Simplon,  the  high  road 
is  followed  as  far  as  the  huts  of  the 


Niederalp.  A  faint  track  leads  thence 
in  a  S.W.  direction,  the  ascent 
becoming  steeper  and  steeper  till  a 
precipitous  gully  brings  the  traveller 
to  a  desolate  little  plain.  The  Sir- 
wolten lake  is  left  on  the  1.  hand,  and 
the  pass  of  the  same  name  (2,664 
m. ,  8,744  ft.)  soon  reached  in  3  hrs. 
from  the  Hospice.  A  short  ascent  up 
the  ridge  to  the  S.  leads  to  a  point 
from  which  a  view  of  the  Gamser 
gl. ,  at  the  head  of  that  glen,  is 
gained.  Three  Cols  are  now  seen  : 
the  Simeli  Pass  is  that  most  to  the 
r.,  S.E.  of  the  Mattwaldhorn ;  the 
next,  the  Gamserjoch ,  is  separated 
from  it  by  a  rocky  peak  ;  while  the 
third  is  still  more  to  the  E. ,  above 
the  icefall  of  the  Gamsen  gl. 
From  the  Simeli  Pass  it  is  best  to 
descend  by  stones  in  \  hr.  to  the 
level  of  the  Gamserthal. 

This  valley  opens  into  the  Rhone 
valley  between  Visp  and  Brieg. 
Farther  N.  than  the  Sirwolten 
Pass  is  the  Bistenen  Pass,  lead- 
ing from  the  Hospice  by  Visperter- 
binen  to  Visp  (see  Rte.  A).  A 
second  ascent  from  the  valley  over 
stones  and  snow  leads  in  I  hr.  more 
to   the    Simeli    Pass   (3,028  m., 

9,935  ft.). 

[In  1840  Herr  Gottlieb  Studer 
climbed  in  an  hour  from  the  pass  up 
the  Mattwaldhor7i  (3,253  m.,  10,673 
ft.)  to  the  N.W.,  and  published  the 
panorama  thence  with  the  first  volume 
of  the  '  Jahrbuch  '  of  the  Swiss 
Alpine  Club.  The  view  is  most 
extensive,  and  travellers  passing  this 
way  should  not  omit  to  make  the 
slight  detour  required.] 

The  descent  is  made  into  the  Matt- 
wald glen,  whence  the  route  of  the 
Rossboden  Pass  (3.  above)  is  followed 
to  Saas  (2J-3  hrs.  from  the  pass). 


566  PENNINE  ALPS,    §  21 


SIMPLON  DISTRICT 


Route  C. 

SAAS  TO  SIMPLON  OR  DOMODOSSOLA 
EY  THE  ZWISCHBERGEN  PASS. 

On  the  S.  side  of  the  Weissmies, 
and  between  that  mountain  and  the 
rugged  range  of  the  Portjengrat,  there 
is  a  depression  in  the  main  chain, 
called  the  Zwischbergen  Pass.  It  has 
perhaps  been  known  for  several  cen- 
turies, and  offers  no  difficulties,  though 
it  is  rather  long.  Properly  it  leads 
from  the  valley  of  Saas  direct  to 
Gondo,  on  the  Simplon  road,  but  by 
crossing  one  or  other  of  several  passes 
it  is  easy  to  gain  the  village  of 
Simplon  by  the  Laquin  glen,  or 
Domodossola  by  way  of  the  Val 
Bognanco. 

As  mentioned  in  §  20.  Rte.  N.  the 
Almagell  stream  joins  the  Saaser  Yisp 
at  the  village  of  Almagell,  which  is 
reached  from  Saas  Grund  by  the  valley 
path  (there  is  a  short  cut  from  Saas 
to  the  Almagell  Alp),  or  from  Saas 
Fee  by  a  direct  path  mentioned  in 
§  20.  Rte.  N.  Following  the  stream  at 
first  on  the  1.  bank,  the  Ahnagell 
huts  (small  inn),  on  the  r.  bank,  are 
gained.  The  pass  itself  is  clearly  seen 
through  the  greater  part  of  the  ascent, 
which  continues  in  a  N.E.  direction 
over  grass,  stones,  and  some  con- 
siderable patches  of  snow.  The  pass 
(3,248m.,  10,657  ft. )  is  attained  in  4  hrs. 
from  Saas.  *  The  view  is  superb,  that 
to  the  N.  alone  being  concealed  by 
the  Weissmies.  It  comprises  the  most 
perfect  view  that  I  have  seen  of  the 
chain  of  the  Saasgrat,  extending  to 
Monte  Rosa,  a  large  section  of  the 
Lago  Maggiore,  and  endless  ranges 
of  mountains  eastward,  far  away  into 
the  Tyrol.5  (L.  S.) 

[The  easiest  route  up  the  Weissmies 
(4,031  m.,  13,226  ft.)  lies  up  the  snow 
slopes  leading  from  the  pass  to  the  sum- 
mit in  2  hrs.  But,  as  these  give  oppor- 
tunity for  a  splendid  glissade,  this  way 
is  usually  chosen  for  the  return  to  Saas. 
In  that  case  the  ascent  from  Saas  is 
made  by  the  Trift  Alp  inn,  whence 


stones  and  snow  give  easy  access  to 
the  S.W.  arete,  which  is  followed 
over  rocks  and  snow,  without  any 
difficulty,  to  the  top,  reached  in  hj~ 
hrs.  from  Saas,  or  4J  hrs.  from  the 
Trift  Alp  inn.  The  panorama  from 
the  summit  is  most  magnificent,  and 
the  peak  is  one  of  the  easiest  in  the 
Alps,  considering  its  height.  The  first 
ascent  of  the  Weissmies  was  made  in 
1855  by  Herr  Hausser,  and  the  climb 
was  repeated  in  1859  by  Messrs.  L. 
Stephen  and  Hinchliff.  The  Port- 
jengrat, or  Pizzo  d'Andolla  (3,660 
m.,  12,008  ft.),  on  the  S.  of  the 
Zwischbergen  Pass,  can  be  climbed 
from  the  hollow  just  below  the 
pass  on  the  Saas  side,  the  snow 
shelf  on  the  S.W.  face  of  the  N.W. 
arete  giving  access  to  this  ridge,  by 
which  the  top  is  attained.  The  peak 
can  also  be  climbed  by  an  interesting 
scramble  up  the  rocky  S.  arete  from 
the  Portjen  Pass,  on  its  S.  It  may 
also  be  gained  from  the  Antrona 
valley,  on  the  E.,  in  8 J  hrs.  from 
the  village  of  Antronapiana  by  way 
of  the  W.  Andolla  Alp,  whence  the 
cairn  at  the  point  marked  3,209  m. 
(Swiss  and  Italian  maps),  on  the  E. 
arete,  is  reached,  and  that  ridge  fol- 
lowed to  the  summit.  This  way  is 
not  difficult,  save  a  final  traverse 
across  the  S.E.  face.  3 

The  descent  on  the  E.  side  of  the 
pass  through  the  Zwischbergen  valley 
(also  called  Val  Varia  and  Val  Vaira) 
is  long,  but  lies  through  fine  scenery. 
It  is  necessary  to  keep  at  first  left 
from  the  Col  across  the  most  northerly 
bit  of  the  Gemein  Alp  gl.,  whence 
rocks  and  stones  on  the  1.  side  of  the 
glen  lead  down  to  the  Ge?nein  Alp 
huts  (2,006  m.,  6,582  ft.) in  2J-3  hrs. 
from  the  pass.  Hence  the  mule  path 
leads  along  the  1.  bank  of  the  stream 
in  about  the  same  time  to  Gondo,  on 
the  Simplon  road  (Rte.  A).  At  the 
main  hamlet,  Zwischbergen  (1,383  m. , 
(4,538  ft. ),  gold  was  formerly  obtained 
by  washing  the  sand  and  gravel 
brought  down  by  the  torrent,  and  it 
is  said  that  particles  are  often  seen, 
though  the  quantity  is  trifling. 


ROUTE  D.    SIMPLON  TO  DOMODOSSOLA 


567 


Many  travellers  will  prefer,  how- 
ever, not  to  descend  this  long  valley 
for  its  entire  length,  but  to  escape 
from  it  by  passes  over  one  or  other 
ridges  that  enclose  it. 

(a)  To  the  Village  of  Simplon. — 
The  ridge  to  the  W.  separates  it  from 
the  Laqnin  glen,  opening  into 
the  Val  di  Vedro  near  Al  Gaby,  a 
little  below  the  village  of  Simplon, 
which  is  thus  conveniently  reached. 
From  the  Zwischbergen  Pass  a  traverse 
over  the  Gemein  Alp  gl.  in  a  N.E. 
direction  leads  to  the  W.  Weissmies 
Sattel,  S.W.  of  the  Thalihorn,  whence 
a  steep  ice  slope  leads  down  to  the 
Laquin  gl.,  and  so  to  Simplon  in 
7  hrs.  from  the  Zwischbergen  Pass. 
It  is  better  to  mount  from  the  foot  of 
the  Gemein  Alp  gl.  to  the  Schien- 
horn  Pass,  N.E.  of  the  peak  of  that 
name,  and  to  reach  the  Laquin  gl. 
by  way  of  the  Thali  gl.  An  easier 
way  is  to  cross  from  the  hamlet  of 
Zwischbergen  by  the  Furgge  (see 
Rte.  D)  to  Al  Gaby  direct. 

[b)  To  Domodossola. — The  ridge  to 
the  S.  and  E.  divides  the  Zwisch- 
bergen valley  from  the  Val  Antrona 
and  the  Val  Bognanco,  through  both 
of  which  Domo  d'Ossola  may  be 
best  reached.  From  the  Gemein 
Alp  huts  the  Andolla  Pass  (2,425 
m.,  7,956  ft.),  or  the  more  frequented 
Busin  Pass  (2,501  m.,  8,206  ft.), 
on  the  S.,  lead  direct  in  4  hrs. 
to  Antronapiana,  in  the  glen  of  that 
name  (Rte.  E),  whence  there  is  a 
carriage  road  in  2  hrs.  to  Domo.  By 
bearing  E.  from  the  same  huts  the 
Pontimia  Pass  (2,393  m.,  7,851  ft.) 
gives  access  to  the  head  of  the  Val 
Bognanco,  the  chief  hamlet  in  which, 
S.  Lorenzo,  is  gained  in  4  hrs. ,  and 
Domo  in  2J  hrs.  more.  A  mule  path 
leads  from  the  hamlet  of  Zwischbergen 
over  the  Muscera  or  Mouscera  Pass 
(2,117  m.,  6,946  ft.,  Rte.  D)  to  the 
same  glen. 


Route  D. 

SIMPLON  TO  DOMODOSSOLA  BY  THE 
VAL  BOGNA?s*CO. 

The  traveller  who  has  already  de- 
scended from  the  village  of  Simplon 
to  Domodossola  through  the  gorge  of 
Gondo  (Rte.  A)  may  take  (as  did  the 
writer — J.  B. — in  1863)  an  unfre- 
quented, but  not  uninteresting,  way 
through  the  Val  Bognanco,  not  longer 
in  point  of  distance,  but  more  labori- 
ous, than  the  high  road.  About  9J 
hrs.'  moderate  walking  are  required 
by  this  route. 

Avoiding  the  short  cut  from  Sim- 
plon to  Al  Gaby  (Rte.  A),  the  high 
road  towards  Domo  is  followed  for 
about  a  mile,  till  a  point  is  reached 
that  overlooks  a  wooden  bridge  over 
the  torrent  flowing  from  the  Laquin 
gl.  Descending  directly,  the  pedes- 
trian crosses  this  bridge  and  imme- 
diately begins  the  steep  ascent  (there 
is  a  mule  path  from  Al  Gaby)  that 
leads  to  the  Furgge,  or  Forcola  (1,882 
m. ,  6, 1 75  ft. )  In  the  early  morning  he 
enjoys  the  pleasant  shade  of  larch 
trees  till  close  to  the  cross  which 
marks  the  summit.  The  views  of  the 
Weissmies  and  the  twin  peaks  of  the 
Fletschhorn,  and  the-  seemingly  im- 
passable range  of  rock  connecting 
these  summits,  are  very  fine.  On  the 
S.E.  side  the  foot  path  runs  along  the 
1.  side  of  the  stream  at  first,  but 
towards  the  bottom  it  is  necessary  to 
cross  to  the  r.  bank  (at  some  dis- 
tance from  which  the  mule  path  from 
the  pass  keeps  all  the  way),  in  order 
to  reach  the  bridge  across  the  torrent 
that  drains  the  wild  Zwischbergen 
valley.  This  is  reached  in  2|  hrs. 
from  Simplon.  The  church  of  the 
scattered  village  of  Zwischbergen 
(1,383  m.,  4,538  ft.—  not  1,983  m., 
as  on  the  Swiss  map)  is  left  on  a 
promontory  on  the  r. 

A  track  now  mounts  the  steep  slope, 
bearing  to  the  1.,  till  in  about  f  hr. 
it  approaches  the  stream  descending 
from  a  lateral  glen,  that  of  Possetta. 


568  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  21.  SIMPLON  DISTRICT 


[The  head  of  this  glen,  not  seen  from 
below,  lies  towards  the  S.E.,  and  a 
faintly  marked  track,  keeping  to  the 
r.  bank  of  the  stream,  leads  to  a 
pass  by  which  the  traveller  may  reach 
Pizzanco,  |-  hr.  above  San  Lorenzo, 
the  chief  hamlet  in  the  Val  Bognanco.  j| 

A  course  shorter  by  at  least  1  hr. 
leads  nearly  due  E.  over  the  Muscera 
or  Mouscera  Pass  (2, 117m.,  6,946ft.) 
Crossing  the  stream  and  passing  the 
Possetta  huts  (where  fresh  milk  and 
butter  may  be  obtained),  the  mule 
path  (which  ascends  on  the  1.  bank 
of  the  stream  from  the  Zwischbergen 
valley)  mounts  by  easy  zigzags  to  the 
pass,  which  is  marked  by  a  cross,  indi- 
cating the  Italian  frontier.  Although 
this  pass  is  nearly  800  ft.  higher  than 
the  Furgge,  some  stunted  larches  are 
seen  close  to  the  top,  along  with 
Ca?npa7inla  excisa,  Sejiecio  um'florus, 
and  other  high  Alpine  plants.  Mount- 
ing for  10  min.  S.  of  the  pass  the 
traveller  may  gain  a  very  fine  view  of 
the  neighbouring  snowy  Alps,  from 
the  Monte  Leone  to  the  Portjengrat. 
The  Muscera  or  Mouscera  Pass  leads 
into  the  N.  branch  of  the  Val  Bog- 
nanco, which  is  separated  by  a  ridge 
of  high  and  steep  summits  on  the  N, 
from  the  bit  of  the  Val  di  Vedro  just 
E.  of  Gondo.  The  descent  is  at  first 
very  gentle,  but  after  about  an  hour, 
at  the  small  group  of  the  Arza  chalets, 
it  is  necessary  to  descend  steeply,  and 
cross  to  the  r.  bank  of  the  torrent. 
A  path  is  then  followed  which  ascends 
somewhat  till  it  attains  the  small 
chapel  of  San  Bernardo,  standing  on 
the  shoulder  of  the  mountain.  A  few 
paces  from  the  chapel  the  traveller 
gains  his  first  view  of  the  main  valley, 
lying  about  3,000  ft.  below  him.  The 
chief  village,  San  Lorenzo  (980  m., 
3,215  ft.),  the  chief  hamlet  of  the 
upper  portion  of  the  valley,  and  so 
often  called  Bognanco  Detttro,  is 
perched  on  a  steep  slope  on  the  r. 
side  of  the  ravine  below  the  chapel,  and 
the  mule  track  descends  thither  direct ; 
\  hr.  below  San  Lorenzo,  at  Prestino 
(where  there  is  now  a  Stabili?nento, 
at  a  mineral  spring  rich  in  iron  and 


carbonic  acid  gas),  the  carriage  road 
begins,  and  leads  through  the  valley 
in  2  hrs.'  walking  to  Domo.  From 
the  chapel  the  pedestrian  can  keep  to 
the  1.  side  of  the  ravine,  and  after  a 
long  descent  by  a  very  rough  and 
fatiguing  path  will  gain  a  bridge  over 
the  main  torrent,  called  Bogna.  Here 
the  carriage  road  is  joined,  and  leads 
through  fine  scenery  to  Domo. 

For  the  Pontimia  Pass  to  the  upper 
part  of  the  Zwischbergen  valley  see 
Rte.  C,  and  for  the  Fornalino  Pass  to 
the  Antrona  glen  see  Rte.  E.  below. 


Route  E. 

SAAS  TO  DOMODOSSOLA  BY  THE 
VAL  ANTRONA. 

The  Val  Antrona  is  a  long  and 
beautiful  valley,  which  joins  the  Val 
d'Ossolaat  Villa  d'Ossola,  about  4^  m. 
below  Domo.     It  is  very  sinuous, 
especially  at  its  upper  end,  where  at 
the  principal  hamlet,  Antronapiana, 
it  divides  into  two  branches,  the  S. 
of  which  is  called  the  Ti-oncone  glen, 
while  the  N.   is  that    of  Loranco. 
Unlike  the  Val  Bognanco,  this  exten- 
sive valley  runs  up  to  the  watershed 
between  Italy  and  Switzerland,  occu- 
pying the  whole  of  its  E.  slope  from 
the  E.  peak  of  the  Spahnhorn,  or 
Pizza  o?  Antigine  (a  little  to  the  N.  of 
the  Joderhorn,  near  the  Monte  Moro), 
to  the  Portjengrat,  or  Pizzo  d? Andolla. 
The  ridge  running  E.  from  the  first- 
named  summit  separates  the  Val  An- 
trona from  the  Val  Anzasca  on  the 
l   S.,  while  the  parallel  ridge  bending 
I   E.  from  the  last-named  peak  divides 
it  from  the  Zwischbergen  valley  on 
the  N.  Across  the  frontier  ridge  many 
passes  lead  to  Saas,  while  there  are 
!   two  to  the  head  of  the  Val  Bognanco, 
I  which  just  joins  the  Val  Antrona. 
!   Hence  it  is  a  valley  which  can  be 
j   entered  from  many  sides  by  many 
I   passes,  not   to   speak   of  the  fine 


ROUTE  E.    SAAS  TO  DOMODOSSOLA  BY  VAL  ANTRONA  569 


carriage  road  which  leads  up  in  4  hrs. 
from  Villa  d'Ossola  to  Antronapiana, 
along  the  banks  of  the  Ovesca  torrent. 

Till  quite  recently  this  valley  was 
but  little  known  to  travellers,  and 
even  now  but  few  English  tourists 
have  visited  it.  Much  first-hand  in- 
formation regarding  its  peaks  and 
passes  will  be  found  in  two  articles  by 
Signor  R.  Gerla  (their  chief  explorer) 
in  the 1  Bollettino 5  of  the  Italian  Alpine 
Club  for  1890  and  1893,  tne  latter 
volume  also  containing  a  monograph, 
by  Signor  Errera,  on  the  interesting 
Lake  of  Antrona  and  its  origin. 

It  seems  most  in  accordance  with 
the  scheme  of  this  work  to  describe 
the  passes  from  the  Saas  valley  to 
Antrona  in  some  detail,  merely  indi- 
cating, in  their  proper  places,  the 
passes  from  the  Antrona  glen  to  the 
three  others  which  surround  it. 

It  has  been  pointed  out  above  that 
the  Antrona  valley  splits  up  into  two 
great  branches.  A  glance  at  the  map 
will  show  that  on  the  W.  side  of  the 
watershed  there  are  three  glens,  those 
of  A Image 11,  Furgg,  and  Of  en.  From 
each  of  these  three  glens  two  passes 
(one  of  which  is  fitted  for  other  than 
climbers)  lead  over  to  Antrona,  those 
from  the  Almagell  glen  giving  access 
to  the  N.  branch  of  the  Val  Antrona, 
and  those  from  the  two  other  glens 
leading  into  the  S.  branch  of  the 
same  valley. 

1.  By  the  Mittel  Pass,<?;-Bocchetta 
del  Bottarello.  —  This  is  the  most 
northerly  of  the  known  passes  to 
Antrona,  for  the  Portjen  Pass,  to  the 
N.  of  the  Mittelriick,  is  chiefly  used 
by  parties  on  their  way  up  to  the 
Portjengrat,  on  the  N.  of  the  pass. 
The  Mittel  Pass  lies  to  the  S.  of  the 
Mittelriick,  and  to  the  N.  of  the 
Sonnighorn.  From  Saas  the  Zwisch- 
bergen  Pass  route  is  followed  to  the 
Almagell  huts  (ij  hr. ),  and  then  a 
track,  in  and  out  of  glaciated  rocks, 
followed  in  a  S.E.  direction  to  the  S. 
bit  of  the  Rothplatt  gl.  The  true 
pass  is  3,047  m.  (9,997  ft.),  but  the 
descent  on  the  other  side  is  down  a 
.steep  rock  wall,  so  that  smugglers  and 


•  hunters  prefer  to  mount  to  a  cairn 
(3,155  m.  on  the  Siegfried  map)  on 
a  shoulder  of  the  N.  ridge  of  the 
Sonnighorn  (2  hrs.  from  the  Almagell 
Alp),  whence  there  is  an  easier  way 
to  the  S.  Andolla  gl. 

[The  Mittelriick,  or  Pizzo  Loranco 
(3,324  m. ,  10,906  ft. ),  can  be  climbed 

;   in  f  fir.  from  the  Mittel  Pass,  or  in 

I  \  hr.  from  the  Portje  Pass ;  the  Sonnig* 
horn,  or  Pizzo  Bottarello  (3,492  nu, 

!  11,457  ft.)  is  accessible  from  the 
Mittel  Pass  in  \\  hr.  by  the  N.  ridge 
and  the  Italian  face  of  the  peak,  but 

:   is  best  attained  from  the  Furgg  glen 

I   by  the  easy  S.W.  face.  J 

After  quitting  the  gl.  it  is  advis- 
able not  to  follow  the  Loranco  stream, 
but  to  bear  to  the  L  past  the  Corone 

\  and  other  chalets,  descending  near 
Cheggio  to  its  level,  and  so  reaching 

\  Antronapiana  (3 J  hrs.  from  the  pass) 
through  the  Loranco  glen,  which 
describes  a  long  curve  of  horseshoe 
form,  before  uniting  at  that  village 
with  the  S.  branch. 

[From  the  most  easterly  of  the  An- 
dolla huts  the  Andolla  Pass  (2,425  m. , 
7.956  ft.)  leads  over,  in  5  hrs.  from 
Antronapiana,  to  the  head  of  the 
Zwischbergen  glen,  while  from  Cheg- 
gio, 1 J  hr.  above  the  main  village,  the 
Busin  Pass  (2,501  m.,  8,206  ft.),  more 
used  by  the  natives,  lies  rather  to  the 
E.  By  bearing  E.  from  the  Busin  Pass 
route,  San  Lorenzo,  in  Val  Bognanco, 
may  be  gained  in  7  hrs.  from  Antrona- 

j  piana  by  the  Preja  Pass  (2,361  m., 
7,746  ft.),  while  from  Cheggio  direct 
the    Fo7-nali7io    Pass    (2,356  m., 

I  7,730  ft.)  also  gives  access  to  San 
Lorenzo,  in  Val  Bognanco,  in  \  hr. 
less.  2 

2.  By  the  Antrona  Pass,  or  Passo 
!   di  Saas. — Tins  is  the  most  frequented 
!   way  from  Saas  to  Antrona,  and  re- 
i   mains  of  the  old  paved  track  recall 
the  fact  that  it  was  formerly  one  of 
the  great  passes  of  the  Alps,  though 
thrown  into  the  shade  by  the  Simplon 
I  after  the  construction  of  a  road  across 
I  it  in  the  early  part  of  the  present 
century.     A  provision   in  the  first 
j   communal  charter  of  Sion,  granted  by 


570  PENNINE  ALPS.    §  21 


SIMPLON  DISTRICT 


the  Bishop  in  12 17,  contains  a  reser- 
vation to  the  Bishop  of  all  the  '  vise 
stratse '  on  this  side,  while  those  on 
the  other  belong  to  the  Antrona  men, 
thus  showing  that  a  paved  track 
already  existed  across  the  pass,  and 
it  is  mentioned  distinctly  in  a  docu- 
ment of  1267.  The  pass  was  fre- 
quented by  merchants  in  the  fifteenth 
and  sixteenth  centuries,  but  fell  into 
disuse  after  the  great  landslip  of  1642 
(see  below),  which  nearly  ruined  the 
village  of  Antronapiana.  Attempts 
were  made  in  the  eighteenth  century 
to  repair  the  track,  with  a  view  to 
transporting  salt  across,  but  they  do 
not  seem  to  have  met  with  great 
success,  and  the  rise  of  the  Sim- 
plon  meant  the  decline  of  the  Antrona 
Pass  as  a  pass  of  commercial  im- 
portance. 

On  the  Swiss  side  it  is  approached 
through  the  Furgg  glen,  which  may 
be  gained  by  a  side  path  from  the 
village  of  Almagell,  or  by  a  direct  one 
from  Zermeiggern.  The  route  through 
that  glen  and  up  a  little  gl.  is 
free  from  difficulty,  and  the  pass 
(2,844  9,331  ft.)  is  gained  in 
4  hrs.  from  Saas. 

[From  the  pass  an  easy  ridge  on 
the  N.E.  leads  in  \\  hr.  to  the  summit 
of  the  Latelhorn,  or  Punta  di  Saas 
(3,208  m.,  10,525  ft.),  which  is  also 
easy  of  access  direct  from  the  Furgg 
glen,  so  that  horses  may  be  taken  to 
within  \\  hr.  of  the  top.  '  It  com- 
mands a  most  superb  view,  extending 
from  Monte  Rosa  to  the  Tyrol,  with 
the  subordinate  ranges  of  Piedmont, 
Tessin,  and  Lombardy.'  (M.)3 

A  few  glissades  lead  to  the  mule 
track  on  the  Italian  side,  which  zig- 
zags down  to  the  Cingino  lake,  and 
then  along  the  L  bank  of  the  Tron- 
cone  torrent,  past  the  Campliccioli 
huts  (here  falls  in  the  way  from  the 
harder  Gamposecco  Pass,  3,120  m.5 
10,237  ft.,  leading  from  the  Furgg 
glen  past  the  Camposecco  lake),  to 
the  large  and  beautiful  Antrona  lake 
(1,083  m*>  3' 553  ft-)  This  lake  owes 
its  origin  to  a  great  bergfall  from  the 
Pozzoli  range,  on  the  N.W.,  which 


took  place  on  July  27,  1642,  and 
killed  95  persons,  besides  destroying 
the  parish  church  and  42  houses 
or  barns.  As  noted  above,  it  had 
a  fatal  effect  on  the  Antrona  Pass. 
\  hr.  below  is  the  village  of 
Antronapiana,  902  m. ,  2,959  ft. 
(3 J  hrs.  from  the  pass),  the  chief 
hamlet  of  the  valley,  and  picturesquely 
situated  at  the  meeting  of  the  two 
branches  of  the  valley.  The  high 
altar  of  the  parish  church  has  some 
curious  wood  carving  of  Swiss  origin, 
dating  from  the  middle  of  the  seven- 
teenth century,  doubtless  procured 
when  the  church  was  rebuilt  after  its 
destruction  in  1642.  Simple  accom- 
modation may  be  obtained  in  the 
village,  so  it  is  the  best  headquarters 
for  any  traveller  wishing  to  explore 
the  valley,  while  the  herdsmen  in  the 
various  chalets  on  the  Alpine  pastures 
are  reported  to  be  very  hospitable. 

[The  passes  from  this  village  to  the 
Zwischbergen  glen  and  the  Val  Bog- 
nanco  have  been  noticed  under  1. 
above.  Hence  several  passes  lead 
through  the  Ovesca  and  Troncone 
glens  to  the  Val  Anzasca,  on  the  S., 
which,  reckoned  from  E.  to  W.,  are 
the  Passo  Cianghin  or  del  Mottone 
(2,219  m-?  7,281  ft.),  leading  direct 
to  Calasca  ( 7  hrs. )  ;  the  Passo  di 
Lavazzero,  del  Mottone,  or  del  Ton 
(2,391  m.,  7,845  ft.),  and  the  Passo 
di  Valaverta  or  di  Lavazzero  (2,551m., 
8,370  ft.),  both  leading  to  Ponte 
Grande  or  Vanzone  (8J-9  hrs.)  ;  the 
Passo  di  Lareccio  (2,602  m. ,  8, 537  ft. ), 
to  Vanzone  (9  hrs. )  ;  and  the  Passo 
delle  Lonze  (2,741  m.,  8,993  ft*-)i  to 
Ceppomorelli  ( 10  hrs. )  Mountaineers 
could  doubtless  find  other  passages, 
as  the  entire  ridge  between  Antrona 
and  the  Val  Anzasca  requires  and 
deserves  more  minute  exploration  than 
it  has  as  yet  received.  J 

A  good  and  pretty  carriage  road 
now  leads  from  Antronapiana  down 
the  Ovesca  valley,  past  San  Pietro  in 
Schieranco  (thence  the  Salarioli  Pass, 
1,774  m->  5? 820  ft.,  leads  over  to 
Calasca,  in  the  Val  Anzasca),  to  Villa 
d'Ossola  (2   hrs.),   where   the  Val 


ROUTE  E.    SAAS  TO  DOMODOSSOLA  BY  VAL  ANTRONA  571 


d'Ossola  is  reached.  This  large  and 
prettily  situated  village  has  now  a 
station  on  the  railway  from  Domo 
d'Ossola  to  No  vara  (Rte.  A),  and  by 
it  Domo  is  reached  in  4^  m. 

The  scenery  of  the  lower  Val 
Antrona  is  very  beautiful,  worthy  to 
be  compared  with  that  of  the  Val 
Anzasca,  save  that  the  grand  views  of 
Monte  Rosa  are  here  wanting. 

3.  By  the  Ofenthal  Pass,  or  the 
Passo  d'Antigine. — The  short  wild 
gien  of  the  Ofenthal  opens  into  the 
Saas  valley  a  little  above  the  Mattmark 
inn.  It  is  best  reached  by  a  broad 
path  from  the  Distel  chalets,  a  little 
further  up  the  valley,  but  in  the  glen 
itself  it  is  hardly  traced.  The  way 
lies  by  the  r.  bank  of  the  torrent 
and  then  by  the  side  of  the  Ofenthal 
gl.  There  are  two  passes,  of  which 
that  to  the  S.  is  the  easiest.  It  may 
be  attained  (2,838  m.,  9,311  ft.)  in 
2\  hrs,  from  the  Mattmark  inn.  It 
commands  an  extensive  view  east- 
ward, but  it  is  worth  while  to  climb, 


in  1  hr.  or  less,  up  the  Sfiaknhorn, 
or  Pizzo  d'Antigine  (3,194  m., 
10,479  ft-)?  passing  over  the  lower  E. 
summit  (3,059  m. ),  which  has  great 
topographical  interest  as  marking  the 
point  whence  starts  the  ridge  limiting 
the  Antrona  valley  on  the  S. 

The  descent  from  the  S.  Col  is  by  a 
path  which  follows  the  1.  bank  of 
the  7'roncone,  soon  meeting  the  path 
from  the  Antrona  Pass,  Antronapiana 
being  gained  in  3  hrs.  from  the  pass. 
The  descent  from  the  N.  Col  (also 
called  Cingino  Pass)  commences  over 
a  very  steep  snow  slope,  and  then 
lies  down  a  rocky  declivity,  broken 
at  places  into  precipitous  faces  on 
the  r.  side  of  a  snowy  gully.  Here 
a  guide  is  almost  requisite.  In  l\  hr. 
the  first  chalet  is  reached,  and  §  hr. 
further  the  traveller  attains  the  Cingino 
huts,  below  the  lake  of  the  same  name, 
and  here  joins  the  path  from  the 
Antrona  Pass.  For  many  of  the 
above  particulars  we  are  indebted  to 
Mr.  F.  Mills. 


573 


INDEX 


Abeille,  Col  de  l\  308,  321 
Abime,  Pont  de  1',  200 
Abimes  de  Myans,  90,  186-7,  l89 
Abisso,  Rocca  dell',  5-6 
Abondance,  425 

H.  du  Mont  de  Grange 
Abondance,  La  Chapelle  d.%  425 

H.  de  la  Croix 
Abries,  48,  60,  82 

Grand  Hotel,  opened  in  1898,  45 
rooms,  pension  8  francs  a  day  ; 
H.  de  la  Poste  (Carlhian)  on  the 
Place  ;  H.  du  Mont  Viso  (Challiol)  ; 
Au  Chamois  des  Alpes  (Richard), 
civil  people 
Abries,  Col  d',  67-8,  76  ;  Crete  d',  70 
Acceglio,  46 

Small  Inn,  near  the  bridge 
Achat,  Bel,  346 

Pavilion 
Acles  chalets,  81 
Adler  Pass,  545 
Adroits  glen,  178 
Agnan  en  Vercors,  St.,  179 

Chez  Belli  er 
Agneaux  glacier,  165 ;  Montagne  des, 
1 17-8,  137,  165  ;  glacier  de  la  Plate 
des,  151 

Agnel,  Col  de  1',  103-4;  Col  dell',  8; 

lake  (1)  8,  (2)  270 
Agnelin,  Col  de  1',  (1)  124,  (2)  125 
Agnelliera,  Cima,  12 
Agnello,  Col  dell',  51 
Agnieres,  177,  182 

Chez  Serres 
Aigle,  552 

Grand  Hdtel  des  Bains,  excellent, 

outside  and  above  the  village ;  H. 

Beau-Site,  near  the  station,  and  H. 

Victoria,  both  good 
Aigle,  Rocher  de  1',  n6,  144 
Aigliere,  Pointe  de  1',  162 


Aiguebelette,  191 

Chez  P drier,  poor 
Aiguebelette,  Col  and  Lac  d\  191,  195 
Aiguebelle,  91,  129 

H.  de  la  Parfaite  Union 
Aigueblanche,  224 

H.  des  Voyageurs  (Perret) 
Aigues  Rousses  huts,  127 
Aiguille,  Grande,  141  ;  Mont,  178, 
183  ;  Plan  de  1%  345 

On  no.  3  a  small  Inn 
Aiguilles,  name  of,  358  ;  village,  60 

At  the  latter,  chez  Gue'rin  and  chez 
Avas 

Aiguillette,  Grande,  51,  59 
Ailefroide,  Col  de  1',  154  ;  peak,  137, 

141,  155-6;  plain,  153,  162 

Chalet-Hotel '(chez  Rolland),  opened 

in  1897,  fair  mountain  inn,  but  some 

way  from  the  chalets 
Aillon,  Chartreuse  d',  203 
Aillot,  Col  d\  176 
Aime,  216,  218,  225 

H.  du  Petit  St.  Bernard;  H.  du 

Lion  d'Or  (Cote) 
Airasca,  49,  68 
Airon,  Col  de  1',  397 
Aisone,  32 
Aix  les  Bains,  184 

Grand  Hotel ;  H  de  V Europe  et 

du  Globe ;    H.    Venat   et  Bristol  ; 

Splendide  Hotel,  and  many  others 
Ala,  Ghicet  d',  258;  valley  and  vil- 
lage, 262-3 

At  the  village,  Albergo  Bruneri, 

fair 

Alagna,  493,  521 

H.  Monte  Rosa  (Guglielmina),  ex- 
cellent ;  G?-and  Hotel ;  H.  Weisshorn 
(Montella) 
Alagna,  Bocchetta  di,  533 
Alban  des  Villards,  St.,  126,  133 


574 


INDEX 


Albaretto  glen,  45,  47 
Albaron,  251,  260-1,  264-5 
Albaron,  Selle  d',  261,  264 
Albens,  200 

H.  de  France 
Albergian,  pass  and  peak,  72,  78 
Alberts,  Les,  81 
Albertville,  224 

H.  Million,  excellent 
Aibigny,  St.  Pierre  d',  90,  223 

H.  Fontana  ;  H.  Fontatius 
Alby,  200 

Allalin,  pass  and  peak,  544-5 
Allee,  Col  de  1\  486  ;  Pigne  de  1\  481 
All£e  Blanche,  328,  371-2  ;  glacier,  372 
Allemont,  125 

Chez  Ley  dier,  fair ;  chez  P err  atone 

(at  the  Fonder ie)  ;  chez  Vial,  near  the 

church 

Allemont,  Grande  Lance  d\  136 
Allemont,  Kivier  d5,  125,  132 

Chez  Sert  (Ferr£ol) 
Allevard,  128,  187 

Etablissement  des  Bains;  H.  des 
Bains  ;  H.  du  Pare ;  H.  du  Louvre  ; 
and  others 
Allinges  castles,  419,  422 
Alios,  24-5 

H.  du  Midi  (Pascal),  very  good 
Alios,  Col  d\  24 
Allues  glen,  236-7,  240 
Almagell,  541  ;  glen,  569 
Almese,  262 

Alpe,  Chalets  de  1',  116-7,  150-1 
Refuge   Paquebot  (Castillan),  fair 
mountain  inn 
Alpe,  Col  de  i\  147  ;  Grand',  285-6 
Alpette,  Col  de  1\  81  ;  ridge,  188 
Alpetto  chalets,  62 
Alphubel,  pass  and  peak,  543-4 
Alpien  glacier  and  waterfall,  558-9 
Alpignano,  94,  257 

Altare,  Col  d',  (1)  2,  (2)  257  ;  Col  del 

Piccolo  Altare,  535 
Alvau,  pass  and  peak.  145,  157 
Amadeus  VIII. ,  419 
Amait  di  Viso,  57  ;  Col  de  1',  66 
Ambel,  Cl£mence  d',  commune  of,  158 
Ambin,  Col  d\  103;  Dents  d',  29,  89, 

101,  105  ;  group,  29,  89,  101 ;  Roche 

d',  104-5  I  valley,  101-3 
•  Am^ricains,  Les,'  34 
Amianthe,  436-7,  447 
Amont,  Combe  d',  142  ;  Peyrou  d',  148 
Amphion,  419 

Grand  Hotel  des  Bains 
Ancelle,  71 
Andey,  Pointe  d',  333 
Andolla,  pass  and  peak,  566,  569 
Andorno  valley,  536 


Andrate,  535 

Andre  de  Meouilles,  St.,  3,  24 

Hotel  Trotabas 
Andre  le  G-az,  St.,  195 

H.  Rossat 
Andre\  Tour  St. ,  308,  313 
Ane  glacier,    157:  Pointe  Cote  de  1', 

2  ;  Tete  a  1',  347,  395,  403 
Anelle,  Col  d',  20 
Angrogna  valley,  74 
Anna,  Sta. ,  Col  de,  17,  19,  32;  plain, 

9  ;  sanctuary,  19,  32 
Anne,    Ste. ,  chapel    and  lake,  41; 

gorge,  95,  99 
Annecy,  207 

Grand    Hotel    Verdun ;  Grand 

Hotel  d'  A  ngleterre 
Annemasse,  333,  419 

H  de  laPaix  ;  H.  de  la  Gare 
Annes,  Col  des,  210 
Anniviers  valley,  457,  479 
Annot,  3,  24 

H.  Philip,  very  good 
Annuit,  214 

Anselm  of  Canterbury,  St. ,  300 
Anterne,  Col  d',  347,  399,  403-4;  Col- 
let d',  402-3 
Antey,  513 

Anthemoz  huts,  414 

Small  In?i 
Antigine,  pass  and  peak,  568,  571 
Antrona  Pass,  570 
Antronapiana,,  570 

Two  small  Inns  kept  by  Marani 
(the  better)  and  Savoni 
Antrona  valley,  493,  568-70 
Anu,  glaciere  du  Grand,  209 
Anzasca  valley,  524-6 
Aosta,  295,  299 

H.  du  Mont  Blanc  (Verney),  out- 
side the  city,  excellent  in  every 
respect;  H.  de  la  Couronne  (Merlo), 
in  the  town  ;  H.  Victoria  (Bertolini), 
new,  opposite  the  station 
Aoste,  196 

Chez  Guillot ;  chez  Morel 
Aoste,  St.  Genix  d5,  196 

H.  Labully 
Appennines,  2,  6 

Aqueducts,  103,  106,  203,  443,  513 

Araches,  397 

Aravis,  Col  des,  209 

Arbar^tan  valley,  129 

Arbe  glen,  133 

Arb^ron,  Ouille  de  1',  259 

Arbiera,  Becca  d',  475 

Arbole  huts  and  pass,  302-3 

Arc  valley,  90-2,  95,  118,  197,  222, 

229-30 
Arcalod,  Pointe  d\  201 


INDEX 


575 


Arcano,  Col  dell',  78 
Areas,  Pic  des,  166 
Arche,  Creux  de  1',  397 
Archinard  glen,  171 
Arciusaz,  pass  and  peak,  205 
Ardente,  Fontaine,  183 
Ardon,  555 

H.  du  Po?it 
Areches,  pass  and  village,  217 
Arene  Villard  d',  117 

H.  Clot 
Argentera,  Punta  dell',  1,  4,  11 
Argentera,  village,  33 

Two  small  Inns 
Argentiere,  Aiguille  d',  388,   393  ; 
Cold',  384;   glacier,    387;  Jardin 
d\  380  ;  village,  380 

H.   de  la    Couronne,  best  ;  H. 
Bellevue 

Argentiere,  L\  168,  180  ;  Col  de  1',  2, 
30-4  ;  Pointe  de  1',  120  ;  Rochers  de 

1'.  134 
Argentine  torrent,  217 
Arguille,  Rocher  d',  133 
Arias,  pass  and  peak,  160 
Arietta,  Col  de  1',  310 
Arith,  200-1 
Arlevaz  chalets,  404-5 
Arly  valley,  198,  205-6,  21 1-2 
Armancettes  glacier,  369 
Armellina  ravine,  6 
Armoy,  422 

Arnas,  Col  d\  259  ;    Collarin  d',  257; 

Punta  d',  257,  259-60,  264 
x\rnod,  P.  A.,  364,450,  464 
Aroletta,  Croix  d',  317 
Arolla,  460-3 

Kurhaus  (Spahr),  opened  in  1897, 

excellent ;   Hotel  du  Mo?it    Col  Ion 

(Anzevui),  the  old  inn 
Arolla,  Aiguilles  Rouges  d',  456,  463  ; 

Col  d',  468  ;  Col  de  la  Reuse  d\  451  ; 

glacier,  460;  Mont  Rouge  d',  461; 

Pigned',  453,  462 
Arolla,  Grande,  and  glacier.  310-1 
Aroiia,  563 

A  lb  ergo  d Italia  e  Post  a  ;  A  lb  ergo 

San  Gottardo 
Arondine  torrent,  209,  212 
Arp,  Col  de  1',  293,  376 
Arpenaz,  Nant  d\  334,  398 
Arpeto,  Passo  d\  8 
Arpette  glen,  385 
Arpille,  382 
Arpingon,  Col  d',  130 
Arpisson  huts  and  peak,  301-2,  305 
Arpitetta  huts  and  peak,  481 
Arpont,  pass  and  peak,  238,  241-2 
Arrondaz,  Cold',  99 
Ars  huts,  386 


Arselle,  Bocchetta  de  1\  253 

Arses,  Pointe  des,  264 

Arsine,    Col  d',  116-8,   150 ;  Glacier 

d',  164 
Arud,  Bourg  d',  139 

H.  Giraud 
Arvan  glen,  91,  122-3 
Arve  valley,  333-7 

Arves,  Aiguilles  d\  108,  in,  116, 
119,120-1;  Cold',  91,  122-3;  Col 
des  Aiguilles  d',  120-1  ;  St.  Jean 
d',  91,  123 ;  St.  Sorlin,  glacier, 
126-8 

At  St.  Jean,  chez  Grand,  near  the 
church,  poor, -but  improved 
Arvette  glen,  122 
Arveyron,  Source  de  1',  340 
Arvier,  295 

Croce  Bianca 
Arvieux,  84 
Arvillard,  129-30 

Com?7ierce 
Arzinol,  pass  and  peak,  456,  459 
Aspres  sur  Buech,  182 
Assaly  group,  287-8,  290-1 
Assietta,  Col  dell',  72 
Asti,  Ca  d\  253  ;  Rotarius  of,  252 
Attia,  Colle  d',  258 
Auberts,  Les,  169,  172 
Aubonne,  550 

H.  de  la  Couronne;  H.  du  Lion 
d'Or 

Augstbord  Pass,  489 
Auille,  Cima  dell',  273,  317 
Aulph,  St.  Jean  d',  424 

H.  de  la  Balance ;  H.  de  la  Vallee 
oV  Aulph 
Aupillous,  Pic  des,  167 
Aurouse  group,  177,  182 
Aussois  and  pass,  238-9 

H.  du  Soleil  d'Or 
Autaret,  Col  de  1',  and  Punta,  254 
Aution,  L',  9 
Aval,  Peyrou  d',  148 
Avalanche  chalets,  100 
Avalanches,  Col  des,  143,  154 
Avalon,  187 
Avanchers  glen,  233 
Avants,  Les,  552 

Grand  Hotel,  excellent 
Avaudrues,  Les,  402 
Avernet  group,  287-8,  291 
Averole  glen,  254,  259 
Avigliana,  71,  94,  257 
Avise,  294 

Avolions,  Col  des,  429 
Avouettes,  Les,  480 
Avril,  Mont,  443,  448 
Ayas  valley,  515,  529 

H.  de  I' Ours,  fair,  at  the  village  of 


576 


INDEX 


Ay  as,  and  the  good  H.  des  Cimes 
Blanches,  at  Fiery,  higher  up  the 
valley 

Ayer  huts,  405 

Ayerne,  Roc  d\  414 

Ayes,  Col  des,  (1)  84,  (2)  188 

Aymaville,  295,  300 
Small,  poor  Inn 

Azet,  Col  de  1',  429,  440 


Bachelard  glen,  2i,  23,  25 

Bagnes  valley,  439-443,  448"5I 

Bagnola,  Val,  522 

Bailletta  group,  275 

Baisses  glen,  81 

Baldassare,  Punta,  98 

Balen,  540 

Balfrin,  494,  547 

Ballandaz  gorges,  240 

Ballotta  plain,  277 

Balma  chalets,  (1)  74,  (2)  77 

Balma  Ghilie\  Cima,  11 

Balmat,  Jacques,  337,  346,  351-2 

Balmaverain  chalets,  281,  318 

Balme  d'Ala,  250,  262 

Albergo  Reale  (Canale),  new;  Ah 
bergo  delle  Alpi ;  Albergo  del  Belve- 
dere (Camussot) 
Balme,  Col  de,  381 

Hotel  Suisse,  on  the  top 
Balme,  La,  (1)  196,  (2)  334,  (3)  370 

Small  Inn  at  no.  3 
Balme,  La,  de  itencurel,  179 

Chez  Belle  ;  chez  Repellin 
Balmenhorn,  506 
Balmette,  Col  de  la,  136 
Balmuccia,  522 
Balsiglia,  78 

Ban  d'Arrey,  Col  du,  385 
Bancs  ridge,  Les,  216 
Bange  bridge  and  grotto,  200 
Bannio,  524,  526 

Inn 

Bans,  Les,  145,  155,  167  ;  Col  des,  155  ; 

vallon  des,  162,  167 
Bar,  Col  de,  434  ;  Pre  de  Bar  huts,  386, 

Baracon,  Col  du,  293,  376 
Baranca  Pass,  534,  538 

Albergo   del  Club  Alpino,  small 
Inn,  near  the  top 
Barberine,  Col  de,  410,  418  ;  glen,  409, 

417-8  ;  waterfall,  382 
Barcelonnette,  34 

H.  duNord(0*sXe\)  ;  H.  des  Alpes 
Bard,  298  ;  Cima  di,  106 
Bardonneche,  93,  97 

Aquila  Nera,  opposite  the  station, 
good 


Bardonneche  torrent,  79-80,  94 
Bardoney,  Col  de,  310 
Barge,  53 

Leon  d1  Oro 
Bariot,  Col  de,  129 
Barma  d'Oropa,  Colle  della,  519,  536 
Barmaz,  La,  basin,  413-4 
Barme  hut,  407 
Barraux,  187-8 
Barrhorn,  490 
Barricate,  Le,  33 

Barthelemy,  St.,  Col  de,  473  ;  glen,  24, 

35  ;  valley,  473-6 
Bartlett,  Mr.,  93 
Basei  glacier  and  peak,  318 
Basmont,  Col  de,  224 
Bassac,    Col  de,    282 ;    Col  dere"  de, 

281-2;  Mont,  282;  Punta  d£re"  de, 

282 

Bassachaux,  Col  de,  425 

Bassagne,  pass  and  peak,  278-9 

Bastia,  Monte,  296 

Bathie,  La,  castle,  224;  Col,  217 

Batiaz,  La,  castle,  554 

Batie  Neuve,  La,  181 

Baton  glen,  136 

Bauges,  the,  198-205 

Baulet,  Croisse,  209,  213 

Baux  glacier,  406 

Baveno,  562 

Grand  II.  Bellevue ;    Grand  H. 
Baveno  ;  H.  Beaurivage 
Bayard,  Chevalier,  187 ;  Col,  177 
Bayasse,  21,  23 
Bayet  glen,  224 
Bayle,  Pic,  127 

Bazel,  Pointede,  (1)  275,  278,  (2)  278-9 
Beaufort  group,  198,  213-8  ;  village, 
198,  214 

H.  du  Mont  Blanc ;  H.  du  Cheval 
Blanc 

Beaumont,  Albanis,  230,  400-1 ;  Clot, 

175 
Beaune,  234 
Beaupre\  Julien  de,  178 
Beauvoisin,  Pont  de,  195-6 

H.  de  la  Poste ;  H.  du  Cours ;  H. 

du  Commerce 
Beaux  Pr£s  basin,  406 
Bee  de  Pralognan,  Grand,  240,  242, 

247 

B£daz,  Pas  de  la,  413 
Bego,  Monte,  8 
Belchamp  ,209 
Belgirate,  563 

Grand  Hotel 
Bella,  Isola,  562 

Delfino ;  Vapore 
Bellacomba  glen,  254-5,  257 
Bellagarda,  269,  318 


INDEX 


517 


Bellavarda,  269 
Bellavarde,  Rochers  de,  274 
Bellaza,  Col  du  Petit  Glacier,  471,  473 
Bellecombe,  233  ;  Col  de,  434 
Bellecote,  Sommet  de,  247 
Belledonne,  111-2,  135-6,  138 
Belleface,  Col  de,  301  ;  Roc  de,  295 
Bellegarde  castle,  334,  397 
Bellentre,  225 

Belle vaux  glen,  (1)  204-5,  (2)  423 
Belleville  glen,  235 
Bellevue,  Pavilion,  369 
Bellino  glen,  44,  46,  49 
Beloiseau,  383 

Belvedere,  (1)  14,  (2)  293,  (3)  348, 
407,  (4)  525 

At  no.  1,  H.  Belvidere  (Franco) 
Benites,  Fontaines,  139 
Benoit,  St.,  cascade,  95,  238 
Bens  glen,  128,  130 

Ber  anger,  Aiguille  and  Col  de, 
369,  377  ;  glen,  180-1 ;  Pierre  a,  344  ; 
Bocae,  135 

At  the  Roche,  Chalet-Hotel,  built 
by  the  Soci^te'  des  Touristes  du 
Dauphine" 

Berard,  Col  de,  408;  Pierre,  141; 
Pierre  a,  406,  408  ;  waterfall,  382, 
407 

At  the  Pierre  a  B.  there  is  a  small 
Inn 

Berarde,  La,  137-8, 140-5  ;  Pic  de,i37 
At  the  village  is  the  Chalet-Hotel, 
built  by  the  Soci^te"  des  Touristes  du 
Dauphine" ;  a  comfortable  little  moun- 
tain Inn,  well  kept  by  M.  Auguste 
Tairraz,  of  Chamonix 

Berches,  Les,  161 

Berisal,  558 

H.  Berisal  and  de  la  Poste,  good 

Bernard  of  Menthon,  St.,  207,  293,300, 
43i 

Bernard  Pass,  Great  St.,  426, 428-9, 
431-2 

Hospice,  fair  accommodation 
Bernard  Pass,  Little  St.,  292-3 

Hospice,  accommodation  not  good 
Bernarda,  Testa,  375 
Bernardo  di  Trivero,  Monte  San,  537 
Bernaude,  Rocca,  98 
Bernin,  188 

H.  Berger 
Berold  of  Saxony,  91 
Beron,  St.,  191 

H.  de  la  Gare 
Berthemont,  Baths  of,  14 

Grand  Hotel  (Cardon) 
Bertol,  Col  and  Dents  de,  463-4 
Berzesio,  33 

Leon  d'Oro 
I. 


Besimauda,  6 
Bessa,  La,  535 
Bessanese,  251,  259,  264 
Bessans,  229,  251,  263 

Chez  Cimaz,  rough  but  improved 
Besse,  123 
Bessee,  La,  180 

H.  Girard,  at  La  Bessie  Basse 
Besso,  Col  del,  71  ;  Lo,  481-2 
Bestalone  huts,  318 
Bettafurka,  527 
Bettliner  Pass,  527 
Beuil,  22  ;  Touet  de,  22 

At  Beuil  H.  Continental  (Pour- 
chier) ;  H.  Donadey ;  H.  Millo  ;  H. 
Fe'raud 

At  Touet    H.   Latty,    near  the 

station,  good 
Bex,  552 

Grand   H.   des    Salines,  outside 

the  village,  excellent ;  Grand  H.  des 

Bains  ;  Villa  des  Bains  ;  Pension  de 

Crochet 
Bia,  Bocchetta,  533 
Biaisse  glen,  169-70 
Bialot  gorge,  66 

Bianca,  Becca,  287 ;  Cima,  471  ;  Punta, 
305  ;  Rocca,  (1)  50,  (2)  174  ;  Sea,  Col 
de,  66 

Bianco,  Corno,  518,  521,  532  ;  Pizzo, 
525 

Biandrate,  counts  of,  493,  521,  524, 

540,  556 
Bicocca,  Col  della,  45 
Bider  glacier,  546 
Biella,  536 

Testa  Grigia,  best;  Angelo  ;  Leon 

d'Oro 

Bies  glacier,  490-1,  495;  horn,  488; 

joch,  490 
Billiat,  Pointe,  423 
Bioge,  Pont  de,  423 
Bioley,  Le,  226 
Biolley,  Roc  du,  215 
Bionaz,  466 

The  curd  receives  travellers 
Bionnassay,  Aiguille  de,  379 ;  Col  and 

Glacier,  358  ;  village,  368-9 
Bionnay,  369 
Biot,  424 

H.  Arpin ;  H.  des  Balances 
Bioula,  Punta,  317 
Biron,  Col  de,  45,  49 
Bisanne,  213 

Bise,  Col  de,  421,  425;  Cornettes  de, 

420-2,  425 
Biselx,  Tete,  392 
Bissorte  glen,  88,  92 
Bistenen  Pass,  557,  565 
Blachiere  oasis,  La,  37 

P  P 


578 


INDEX 


Blaitiere,  Aiguille  de,  360 

Blanc  :  Berrier  and  Col,  293,  376 ; 
Chateau  and  Col,  287-8,  290  ;  Cheval 
and  Col,  407,  410-1 ;  Col,  391 ; 
Collet,  235;  Glacier,  (1)  152,  164, 
(2)  408;  Lac,  (1)  115,  (2)  237,  (3) 
408  ;  Col  du  Lac,  236-7 

Blanc  :  Mont,  329-30,  334-5,  344, 
346-7,  371,  404,  550;  ascent  of, 
349-35 8  !  Tour  of,  367 ;  de  Cour- 
mayeur,  355,  357;  de  Seilon,  441, 
449.  454-5.  463  ;  Tacul,  350,  357  ; 
Glacier,  358,  380;  Petit,  242 

Blanc  :  Pelaou,  229,  264,  276  ;  Rocher, 
in,  131-2,  134;  Tournelon,  445; 
Tout,  317 

Blanche  :  Alle'e,  328,  371-3,  and  glacier, 
372 ;  Ar£te,  524 ;  Dent,  463,  478, 
482,  508  ;  Louie  and  Col,  289,  291 ; 
Pierre,  Col  de  la,  234  ;  Riou,  glen, 
24,  35  ;  Roche,  246 ;  Rosa,  Pointe 
de,  440,  456 ;  Tete,  464,  469,  476, 
478 

Blanches,  Col  des  Cimes,  527  ;  Col  des 
Maisons,  430,  444-5  ;  Col  desTerres, 
170-1 

Blanchet,  Col,  50 

Blanchets,  Corne  des,  87 

Blancien,  pass  and  peak,  450-1 

Blavettes  huts,  38,  42 

Bl£one  glen,  24,  35 

Bleu,  Lac,  ^61 

Bleue,  Aiguille,  57 

Blonay  castle,  551 

Blonniere,  La,  209 

Blore,  Val  de,  14 

At  the  La  Bolline  hamlet  is  the 
H.  de  France,  bad 

Bluffy,  Col  de,  208 

Bo,  Monte,  537 

Boaira,  Col  della,  6 

Bobbio,  68 

Albergo  del  Camoscio,  fair 

Bocambre\  288 

Boccioleto,  533 

Bocconere  ravine,  316 

Boege,  419,  422 

H.  des  Allobroges  ;    H.  des  Ba- 
lances 

Bceuf,  Pas  du,  487 

Bceufs  Rouges,  Crete  des,  154,  167 

Bogna  torrent,  560,  568 

Bognanco,  Val,  567-8 

Boiret,  Colle  del,  269 

Bois  du  Col  chalets,  76 ;  glacier  des, 
34° 

Bois,  Le,  247 

Chez  Ruffier,  fair  quarters 
Bollene,  La,  14 

Hotel  (Reynaud),  good 


Bonaveau,  chalets,  and  peak,  414-5 

Small  Inn 
Bonhomme,  Col  du,  316,  367,  370 
Bonne,  valley,  160,   175-6 ;  village 
(1)  290,  (2),  422 
At  village  no.  2,  H.  du  Navire 
Bonnenuit,  119 
Bonnepierre  glacier,  141,  152 
Bonnet  Carr£,  19,  21  ;  du  Pretre,  234 
Bonnet,  St.,  169,  177 

H.  des  Alpes 
Bonneval  les  Bains,  215 

H.  des  Bains 
Bonneval  sur  Arc,  228,  264 

Chalet-Hotel,  built  by  the  Lyons 
Section  of  the  French  Alpine  Club  ; 
good  little  mountain  Inn,  kept  by  M. 
Montaz,  the  owner  of  the  H.  Inter- 
national at  Modane 
Bonneval,  Punta,  265 
Bonneville,  333,  422 

H.  de  la   Couronne ;  H.   de  la 
Balance 
Bonney,  Col,  308,  316 
Bons-St.  Didier,  333,  419 

H.  des  Voyageurs 
Bonvoisin  group,  158  ;  Pic,  168 
Bonzo,  268 
Borca,  526 

Bordon,  Col  and  Garde  de,  481,  486 
Borels  en  Champoleon,  Les,  169, 
172 

Chez  Bernard,  humble 
Bordon  glen,  12,  16 
Boret  huts  and  Pas,  411 
Borgne,  Longe,  459  ;  Mont  du,  236 ; 

valley,  459 
Borgo,  55,  66 

Bornand,  Grand  and  Petit,  210 

At  Grand  B. ,  H.  de  la  Victoire  ; 

H.  de  la  Croix- St,  Maurice 
At  Petit  B. ,  H.  des  Balances 
Borne  glen,  210 
Bornette,  Col  de,  202 
Borrant,  ijtfant,  367,  370 

Small  Inn 
Borromean  Islands,  562 
Borromeo,  St.  Charles,  563 
Bors  glacier,  520 
Bortelhorn,  558 
Borter  glen,  487 
Boscodon  abbey,  181 
Bosses,  Combe  des,  433-5  ;  du  Dro- 

madaire,  350,  355  ;  ridge,  353,  355 
Bossieres  gorge,  227 
Bosson,  Bees  de,  485 
Bossons,  Glacier  des,  337,  345-6,  350, 

354 

Bostan,  Col  de,  411,  413 
Bottarello,  pass  and  peak,  569 


\ 


INDEX  579 


Bottiglia,  Colle  della,  534 
Botzeresse,  Col  de,  429,  441,  445 
Boucher,  Roc  del,  83 
Bouchet,  Brie,  60,  70;  Col,  69 ;  glen, 

(1)  70,  (2)  92,  235-6 
Bouchiers,  Col  des,  169 
Boudous  glen,  170 
Bougy,  Signal  de,  550 
Bouquetin,  Col  du,  271;  peak,  481, 

487 

Bouquetins,  animals,  296-7 ;  Col  des, 

469  ;  Dents  des,  463 
Bourbiere,  Col  de,  129,  132 
Bourcet,  map  by,  108 ;  Pic,  145,  150 
Bourdeau,  185 

Bourget,  Col  de,  83;  lake,  185;  Le, 

(1)  84,  (2)  185 

At  no.  2,  H.  Ginet ;  H.  du  Levant 
Bourne  gorges,  179 
Bourrit,  M.,  339,  351,  364,  405-6,  426 
Bousiejas,  21 

Chez  Madame  Martin,  simple 
Boussine,  Tour  de,  442 
Bousson,  77,  82-3  ;  Col,  84 

Small  Inn  at  the  village 
Bout  du  Lac,  207  ;  du  Monde,  (1)  128 

(2)  186,  (3)  187 
Bouveret,  Le,  420 

H.  de  la  Tour,  poor  ;  Buffet  on 
the  quay 
Bovernier,  428 

Bovinant,  Col  and  meadows,  193-4 
Bovine,  chalets  and  Pointe,  384 
Bozel,  240,  247 

H.  des  Alpes,  good  ;  H.  Favre 
Brabant,  Col  de,  134 
Bramafanglen,  19  ;  torrent,  267  ;  tower, 
299 

Bramans,  95,  101 

At  the  hamlet  of  Le  Verney  on  the 
high  road,  H.  de  la  Croix  Blanche, 
poor  and  dear 

Bramant  glen,  126 

Brame  Farine,  128 

Bramousse  glen,  42 

Brandes,  Plateau  de,  115 

Brandjijoch,  490 

Braus,  Col  de,  9 

Bravaria,  Col  de,  19 

Breda  valley,  128-32 

Breithorn,  Zermatt,  502,  512 

Breney,  Col  de,  453,  457 

Brens,  196 

Brenva,  Col  de  la,  355  ;  glacier,  357, 
372-3 

Br£onna,  Col   de,  485 ;  Couronne  de, 

459,  486 
Brequin,  Mont,  234 
Breuil,  512 

At  Breuil  itself,  H,  des  Jumeaux ; 


at  Giomein,  above,  the  good  H.  du 

Mont  Cervin 
Breuil,  Col  de,  215,  293 
Br^vent,  346  ;  Col  du,  404 
Brevieres,  226 

H.  des  Alpins  (chez  Gaide) 
Brevon  river,  423 
Breya,  Col  de  la,  385,  392 
Brezon,  333 
Briancon,  81,  118 

In  the  town,  H.  de  la  Paix  ;  at  the 

station,  the  good  H.  Terminus 
Briancon,  Notre  Dame  de,  217,  224 ; 

Pas  de,  224 
Bricherasio,  53,  68 

A  Ibergo  della  Corona 
Bricolla,  chalets,  cols,  and  peak,  477, 

486 

Brides  les  Bains,  240 

H.  des  Thermes ;  H.  de  France  ; 
Grand  Hotel ;  H.  des  Baigneurs ;  and 
others 
Bridoire,  La,  196 

Chez  Bellemain  ;  chez  Bauvagnet 
Brieg,  557 

H.  des  Trois  Couro fines  and  de  la 
Poste,  good  ;  H.  d ' Angleterre  ;  beds 
may  be  had  at  the  good  Railway 
Restaurant 
Briga,  7 

H.  de  la  Source,  good 
Brignoud,  132,  187 

Restaurant  de  la  Gare 
Brissogne,  303 
Brocan,  Cima,  11 
Brocard,  Le,  382,  428 
Broglio  glen  and  peak,  322-3 
Brossasco,  49 

Aquila  Nera  ;  Croce  Bianca 
Brouffier  mine,  114 
Brouillard  glacier,  357 
Brouillot  huts,  309-10 
Brouis,  Col  de,  9 

Brule,  N.  Col  du  Mont,  427,  451,  464- 
5,  468  ;  S.  Col  du  Mont,  465,  468  ; 
Mont,  462-5 

Brun,  Nant,  glen,  234 

Bruna  huts,  314,  321 

Brunei  torrent,  60 

Brunetta,  fort,  97 

Brunissard,  84 

Brunnegghorn  and  joch,  490-1 
Bruno,  St.,  bridge  and  chapel,  192-5 
Brusson,  515 

H.  du  Lion  d'Or,  fair  ;  Aquila 
Bruyere  huts,  234-5 
Buchardet  glen,  172 
Buche,  Col  de  la,  345 
Buech  valley,  182 
Buet,  405-6 

P  P  2 


5  So 


INDEX 


Buffaz,  Col  de  la,  209 

Buffe  glen,  122 

Buffere,  Col  de,  118 

Bugeon  torrent,  232 

Buissiere,  La,  188 

Bule*  glen,  65 

Bure,  Pic  de,  177,  182 

Burenta  glen,  19 

Burgundian  tongue,  295,  298-9 

Busin  Pass,  567,  569 

Busserailles,  Gouifre  des,  513 

Bussoleno,  94 

Buthier  torrent,  433,  465-7 

By  chalets,  437  ;  W.  Col  de,  446-7 


Caere,  Col  de,  182 
Cabret,  Caire,  13 
Cadibona,  Colle  di,  2 
Caffarels,  Les,  24 
Caille  bridge,  208 
Cairasca  torrent,  560 
Cairos  glen,  8 

Calabourdane  glen,  228,  246,  273 
Calabre  pass  and  peak,  278-9 
Calasca,  526 

Inn,  tolerable 
Calvin,  439 
Camasco,  539 
Cambrelle  glen,  269 
Campello,  pass  and  village,  539 
Campertogno,  521 

Albergo  Ferraris,  tolerable 
Campezzone  pass  and  peak,  539 
Campiglia,  310 

Cantina  delle  Alpi 
Campioli,  526 
Campo,  Col  de,  533 
Camposecco  Pass,  570 
Canard,  Bee  du,  139,  159 
Canosio,  47 
Cantoira,  268 

A  Ibero  Fiorito  ;   Giovane  Italia  ; 
both  humble 
Capre  gully,  260 
Capucin,  Mont,  437 
Caraglio,  45,  47 
Carbonniers  glen,  66,  68 
Carcoforo,  and  pass,  534 

Albeigo  del  Monte  Moro 
Carisei,  Col  de,  536 
Carle,  Pre"  de  Madame,  152-3 
Caron,  pass  and  peak,  236 
Carr£,  glacier  and  peak,  144 
Carrie,  Tete,  377 
Carrel,  Chanoine,  300,  302 
Carres,  Les,  buttress,  406 
Carro,  Col  du,  269-270,  278,  318 
Casalibus,  Notre  Dame  de,  193 


Cases,  Col  des,  426 

Casera,  Col  della,  533 

Casse,  Grande,  pass  and  peak,  222, 

241-3 
Casset,  Le,  117 
Cassiorte,  461 
Casteldelfino,  48-9 

Albergo  di  Francia,    fair,  civil 

people 
Castellet,  Le,  36 
Castelmagno,  47 
Castelponte,  50 
Casterino  glen,  7 

Small  Inn  at  the  hamlet  of  La 

Maddalena 
Castillon,  Col  de,  9 
Castor,  507,  515,  517 
Catogne,  384-5 

Cavale,  Pas  de  la,  (1)  21,  33,  (2)  169 
Cavales,  Col  du  Clot  des,  149-50 
Cavallina,  Col  della,  45 
Cavet  huts,  216 
Cayolle,  Cols  de  la,  23 
Ceillac,  40 

Chez  Arnaud  (Antoine),  poor 
Cejol  plain,  44 
Celliers  glen,  224,  231 
Celse  Niere  glen,  155 
Cenis,    Mont,  27-8,    94-7  ;  Petit 

Mont,  104-5  I  Tunnel,  92 

On  no.  1  the  Hospice  ;  and  near, 

the  H.    de  V Ancienne  Poste,  fair 

quarters 
Centron,  225 
Ceppomorelli,  526 

Albergo  delle  Alpi,  fair  ;  Albergo 

del  Monte  Moro 
Cerces,  pass  and  peak,  86-7 
Ceres,  262 

Grande  Albergo 
Ceresera,  Col  di,  71 

Ceresole,  Pointe  de,  304,  321  ;  Sca- 
lari,  319;  village,  314,  318 

At  the  springs,  Grand  Hotel,  ex- 
cellent, but  dear ;  Albergo  della  Le- 
vanna,  cheaper,  but  not  as  good  ;  H. 
Bellagarda  and  delle  Fonti 

Cergues,  St.,  (1)  332,  (2)  419 

At  no.  1,  H.  Capt,  best  ;  H.  de 
r Observatoire  ;  H.  Auberson  ;  H.  de 
la  Poste,  in  the  village,  always  open 

Cerru  lake,  270,  277 

Cervetto,  Col  di,  65 

Cervieres,  85 

H.  des  Chevaux  Rouges  (Rey) ; 
chez  Faure  (Vincent) 

Cerveyrette  torrent,  79,  85 

Cervin,  Mont,  507-8 

Cervo  river,  536 

Cesare,  Baize  di,  62 


IXDEX 


581 


Ce'sanne,  62,  73,  80  ;  Sauze  de,  73,  1 
77,  82 

At   C£sanne,  Croce  Bianca,  fair 
Italian  inn 

Ceutrones,  225 

Cevins,  217,  224 

Croix  Blanche  ;  Lion  d'Or 

Cez,  Gros,  302-3 

Chaberton,  pass  and  peak,  81 

Chablais,  395,  421-3 

Chable,  439 

H.  du  Gidtroz  (Nicolier),  recom- 
mended 

Chagne  stream,  39 

Chailles  gorge,  191 

Chaillol  group,  172-3 

Chaise  torrent,  205 

Chalanches  mines,  125,  136 

Chalanson,  pass  and  peak,  261-2 

Challant  castle,  298  ;  valley,  515 

Chalvachere  torrent,  148-9 

Chalp,  La,  (1)  51,  59,  (2)  84 

Chambave,  299 

Chambeyron,  Aiguille  de,  28-30,  37, 

46 ;  Brec  de,  29-30,  36-7,  46 
Chambery,  186,  197-8 

Grand  H.  de  Frunce,  good  and 

reasonable  ;  H.  de  la  Paix,  opposite 

the  station,  with  Restaurant 
Chambon  forest,  72 
Chambre,  La,  91 ;  Col  de  la,  236 

H.  Perrus  ;  H.  de  la  Gare 
Chamechaude,  190,  193 
Chamois,  animals,  528  ;  Col  des,  438  ; 

Pointe  des  Pattes  des,  284  ;  village, 

528 

Chamois,  301 

Chamonin,  Col,  321 

Chamonix,  (1)  94,  263,  337-348,  (2) 

334  ;  Mont  Blanc  from,  353 

At  no.  1,  H.  Couttet,  frequented 

by   English   climbers ;    Londres  et 

Angleterre ;  Imperial ;  Mont  Blanc  ; 

Royal  et  de  Saussure  ;  Alpes  ;  Beau 

Site  ;  and  others 
Chamousset,  91,  129 

H.  de  la  Gare 
Champagny  le  Bas,  247 
Champanamen  huts,  474 
Champery,  395,  413-4  ;  Col  de,  426 
In   the   village,    H.  de  la  Dent 

du  Midi  ;  H.  de  la  Croix  Fdddrale  ; 

H.    des   Alpes;  H.    de  Champiry ; 

H.  Berra 
Champ  ex,  384-5 

H.  du  Lac,  well  situated ;  H.  du 

Glacier,  new ;  H.  Daniel  Crettex ; 

H.  Emile  Crettex ;  H.  Biselx ;  all 

very  cheap,  but  in  summer  crowded 

by  Swiss  visitors 


Champhorent,  140 
Champlas  du  Col,  73 

H,  National,  poor 

Champoleon,  169 

Humble  Inn  (chez  Bernard)  at  the 
hamlet  of  Les  Borels 

Champorcher,  and  pass,  309 
Cantine  du  Cog 

Champs,  Col  des,  23 

Chandolin,  480 

H.  Chandolin,  opened  in  1898 
(same  owner  as  Hotel  Bella  Tola  at 
St.  Luc) 

Chanrion,  448 

Chanrouge,  Col  de,  237 

Chanrousse,  135 

Chantre,  Table  au,  406 

Chapareillan,  189 
H.  Leroy 

Chapeau,  Le,  341-2  ;  Pas  du,  251 
Small  Inn  at  the  former 

Chapelle,  La  : 

d '  Abon  dan  ce ,  425 ,  Croix  ;  Un  ion  ; 
en  Valgaudemar,  158,  H.  du  Mont 
Olan  (Gueydan),  fair  mountain  quar- 
ters ;  en  Valjouffrey,  175,  chez 
Guibert ;  en  Vercors,  179,  chez 
Revol 

Chapelu,  Balme,  155 

Chapelue  gorge,  60 

Chapieux,  Les,  371 

Soleil,  best  of  the  two  small  inns 

Chappet  sur  Villaz  glaciere,  209 

Chapy,  Col  de,  434 

Charbonel,  Pointe  de,  250,  263 

Charbonniere  castle,  91 

Chardon,  Col  and  glacier,  141,  157 

Chardonnet,  Aiguille  du,  389,  393  ;  Col 
du  (1),  86,  (2),  388 

Chardonney  chalets,  52 

Charforon,  pass  and  peak,  322 

Charmaix,  Notre  Dame  du,  92 

Charmette,  Col  de  la,  194 

Charmettes,  Les,  186 

Charmoz,  Grands,  360-1 ;  Petits,  345, 
360-1 

Charniat  bridge,  200,  202 

Charnier,  Col  de,  178  ;  Grand  and 
Petit,  129,  132 

Charriere,  pass  and  peak,  145,  151 

Chartreuse  :  Aillon,  203-4;  Curriere, 
194;  Durbon,  182;  Grande,  141, 
183,  189,  192-3  ;  Pesio,  6  ;  Pierre 
Chatel,  196;  St.  Hugon,  128;  St. 
Pierre  de,  188,  193  (H.  Victoria  and 
H.  du  Dteeri)  ;  Pr£mol,  134-5  ; 
Reposolr,  211  ;  Vallon,  423 

Charve,  Mont,  291 

Charvensod,  301 

Charvet,  pass  and  peak,  2 


582 


INDEX 


Charvin,  Mont,  206,  209,  212 
Charvonnex,  209 

Chasseforet,  Dome  de,  222,  241-2 
Chasten,  Col  de,  519,  532 
Chat,  pass  and  peaks,  185,  191,  196 
Chateauroux,  171 

Chez  Eyme 
Chatel,  425 

Ckatelard,  Col  du,    234;  Le,  198, 
200  ;  Hotel  Suisse,  383  ;  Pointes,  246 
At  no.  2,  H.  de  V  Harmonie,  good 
Chatelet,  Le,  36 

Chatillon,  castle,  184 ;  Col  de,  396 ; 

Cret  de,  201 ;  village,  299,  514 
At  the  last,  H.  de  Londres,  good 
Chaud  de  Forgnon,  Col  de  la,  436 
Chaulier  glacier,  170 
Chaurionde,  Pointe,  205 
Chaux,  Col  de  la,  440 
Chavancour,  pass  and  peak,  471-2 
Chavanis,    chalets,    301-2 ;  pastures, 

304-5,  309 
Chavannes,  Col  des,  293,  372 
Chaviere,  Col  de,  238  ;  glacier,  235-6 
Chavieres  chalets,  244 
Chaz  Seche,  Col  de,  301 
Checouri,  Col  de,  374 
Chedde,  336 
Cheggio,  569 
Chenalette,  432 

Cheran  valley,  197,  199-200,  204-5 

Cherel,  Col  de,  202 

Ch6ret,  pass  and  peak,  145 

Chermontane,  Col  de,  451  ;  huts,  442 

Chesery,  Pas  de,  425 

Ch£tif,  Mont,  373,  375 

Cheval,  Fer  a,  401  ;  Blanc,  407,  410-1  ; 

Noir,  232 
Chevaline,  202 

Chevres,  Grasses,  404 ;  Pas  de,  455, 

457.  461 

Chevriere,  Roche,  239,  241 

Chiabotta  del  Pra,  66,  69 
Good  little  mountain  Inn 

Chiaffredo,    San,    Pass,   64-5;  Sanc- 
tuary, 54 

Chialamberto,  268 

A  lb  ergo  dell'  Albero  Fiorito,  en- 
larged, and  good 

Chianale,  La,  and  Ponte,  50 

Chiapera,  Colletta  di,  43,  46 

Chiapili  di  sopra,  270,  278,  318 

Chiapous,  Col  de,  11 

Chiaves,  256 

Chible,  Pointe  de  la  Grande,  111,  119 
Chignin-Les  Marches  station,  90,  187 
Chillon  castle,  552 
Chinaillon  glen,  210 
Chindrieux,  184 
Chinivert,  Brie  and  Col,  78 


Chiomonte,  94 

Stella  d'Oro  ;  Giardino  ;  Ferrovia 
Chiosso,  46 
Chippis,  479 

Chironio,  Col  di  Pian,  269 
Chisone  valley,  29,  67,  71-3 
Chiusella,  Val,  297-8 
Chivasso,  297 
Cholliere,  La,  mound,  238 
Chorges,  181 

H.  de  la  Poste 
Christomet,  Croix  de,  213 
Christophe,  St.,  and  Clapier,  138-9 
Chez  Pierre  Turc ;  chez  Antoine 

Turc  ;  both  poor 
Ciabriera,  Col  di,  38,  43 
Cialancia,  Porta  della,  74 
Cialancias,  Cime  de,  20 
Ciamarella,   Col,   261-2 ;   glen,   258 ; 

peak,  250,  260,  264-5  I  Piccola,  261-2 
Ciamosseretto  glen,  322 
Cian,  passes  and  peaks,  471-2,  476 
Cianghin  Pass,  570 
Cians  gorges,  22 
Ciardonei,  pass  and  peak,  311 
Ciarmetta,  Colle  della,  258 
Ciastiglione  glen,  17,  19 
Ciatagniera,  Punta,  83 
Ciausa,  Passo  della,  20,  32 
Ciaussine\  Crot  del,  260 
Ciaval,  Pera,  257 
Cimet,  Le,  23 

Cingino  huts  and  lake,  570-1 
Cinq  Pointes,  128-9 
Cirie,  256 

Leon  d'Oro ;  Corona  Grossa 
Ciriegia,  Col  della,  15-16 

H.  de  la  Cascade,  near  the  water- 
fall, good 
Ciusalet,  Mont,  106 
Civrari,  Monte,  256 
Clai  Sup^rieur,  4 
Clair,  Pont  St.,  208 
Claire  glacier,  150 
Clair£e  valley,  79,  85-6,  no 
Claix,  Pont  de,  113,  183 
Clans,  18 

H.  de  Paris 
Clapier,  Col  de,  104-6  ;  Mont,  2,  8,  13 
Claran,  Col  de,  129 
Clarea  valley,  106 
Clarens,  551 

H.  Ketterer  ;  H.  des  Cretes ;  H. 
Roth ;  H.  Roy ;   and   many  other 
hotels  and  pensions 
Claret  glen  and  huts,  125,  131,  134 
Claus,  Vallon,  38 
Claux,  Les,  153,  166 
Clavans  d'en  Haut,  124 

Chez  Aubertt  fair 


INDEX 


583 


Clavieres,  80 
Clefs,  Les,  209 
Clelles,  178,  183 

H.  de  la  Gare,  near  station,  fair  ; 
H.  du  Lion  d'Or,  in  the  village 
Clement,  M. ,  414-5  ;  St. ,  village,  170 
CleYaus  glacier,  133 
Cleuson,  Col  de,  440 
Ctevieux  torrent,  411 
Cline,  Roche,  25 
Clopaca,  Passo,  103 
Clos,  Le,  119 

Clot,  Beaumont,  175  ;  glacier  and  glen, 

158,  160,  176 
Olot,  lie,  en  Valgaudemar,  158 

Small,  fair,  mountain  Inn,  opened 
in  1897,  at  the  hamlet  of  Le  Plaine 

Clou,  Col  and  glen,  226,  284 

Club  huts.     See  p.  xl  of  the  '  Pre- 
liminary Notes ' 

Cluse,  Pas  de  la,  201 ;  St.  Michel  de 
la,  monastery,  94,  263,  338 

Chises,  334 

H.  de  la  Gare ;  H.  National ;  H. 
de  r  Union  ;  H.  Revuz 

Coassolo,  256 

Coche,  Col  de  la,  (1)  132,  (2)  233 
Cochette,  Col  de  la,  (1)  127,  (2)  194, 

(3)  201 ;  glen,  125-6 
Cocor,  Pointes  du  Grand,  272 
Cceur,  Petit,  217 

Cogne,  296,  304-8  ;  Fenetre  de,  309 
H.  de  la  Grivola,  enlarged  and 
improved 
Coin,  Col  du,  216  ;  glacier,  154 
Coise,  91 

Col,  Haut  du,  210 ;  Lac  du,  131 

Collalunga,  Passo  di,  20,  32 

Collerin,  pass  and  peaks,  260-1 

Collet,  Col  de  Plan,  174 

Colletta,  La,  (1)  53,  (2)  74 

Collon,  Col  de,  462,  464 ;  Col  du  Petit 

Mont,  427,  451,  468  ;  Crete  a,  449, 

451 ;  Mont,  462 
Colloney,  Pointe  du,  335,  399 
Colma,  Colle  della,  (1)  536,  (2)  537 
Colmars,  24 

H.  de  France  (Maurel),  good;  H. 

Roux 

Colomb,  Mont,  glen  and  pass,  8,  13 
Colomban  des  Villards,  St.,  126, 
133 

Chez  Girard ;  chez  Se'raphin  ;  both 
rough 

Colombardo,  Colle  del,  256 

Colombier  glen,  173 ;  Mont,  184 

Colombieres,  217 

Colon  glen,  70,  82 

Colourets,  Grand  and  Petit,  277 

Combal,  Lac  de,  372 


Combarenel  gorge,  244 

Combassa  torrent,  289 

Comberousse,  Col  de,  133 

Combetta,  Pointe  de,  532 

Combeynot,  Pic  de,  117 

Combin  group,  426,  430,  437,  443-7 

Combloux,  213 

Comboe"  chalets,  301-2 

M.  Carrel's  hut  is  no  longer  avail- 
able without  permission,  but  the 
herdsmen  are  hospitable 

Commune,  Croix  and  huts,  402 

Condamine,  La,  34 

Condove,  94,  256-7 

Confine,  49 

Conflans,  224 

Coni,  4-5,  49 

Barra  di  Ferro,  excellent  Italian 
inn 

Contamines,  369 

H.  de  1' Union,  fair;  H.  du  Bon- 
homme 
Coolidge,  Pic,  142,  154 
Coppa,  Colle  della,  269 
Coppet,  550 

H.  du  Lac 
Corbassiere  glacier,  440,  443^4 
Corborant,  Cima  di,  20 
Cordier,  Pic  de  Neige,  164-5 
Corenc,  193 

Chez  Michallet 
Cormet,  Mont,  375 
Corneiller,  Col  de,  238 
Corni,  pass  and  peak,  298 
Cornier,  Grand,  Col  du,  487 ;  peak, 

477,  482,  487 
Cornu,  Lac,  408 
Cornus,  Rochers,  102 
Corps,  175-7 

H.  du  Palais;  H.  de  la  Poste  ; 
H.  de  la  Paix 
Correrie,  (1)  193-4,  (2)  203 
Corridor,  Le,  352,  354 
Cors,  pass  and  peak,  471,  513 
Corteviccio,  255 

Albergo  Cibra?'io,  poor 
Cortlis  chalet,  517-8 
Corvaria  glen,  166 
Cossila,  536 

Hydropathic  Establishment 
Costagrande  lake,  62-3 
Coste  Rouge,  Col  de  la,  154 
Cote,  Belle,  Col  de,  176  ;  Montagne  de 

la,  351-2  ;  Mur  de  la,  355 
Coteplane,  Col  de,  73 
Cottius,  king,  97 
Couard,  Col  du,  115,  125-6 
Couleau,  Col  de,  170 
Coulette,  Col  de  la,  39-40 
Coulomp  glen,  24 


5^4 


INDEX 


Coupa,  Col  de  la,  171 
Couppoz,  Le,  337 

Courmayeur,  373 ;  Mont  Blanc  de, 
355 »  357  i  Mont  Blanc  from,  357 

H.  Royal  (Bertolini),  excellent,  but 
rather  dear;  Angelo,  Italian;  Union; 
Mont  Blanc,  at  La  Saxe,  \  hr.  dis- 
tant 

Cournour,  Punta,  74 
Couronne,  Col  de,  486 
Courtes,  pass  and  peak,  388 
Coutens  meadow,  399 
Couvercle,  344 

Coux,  (1)  Col  de,  411,  426,  (2)  422 

Couz,  Col  and  waterfall,  191 

Crammont,  373 

Crau,  La,  285 

Creche,  La,  203 

Cret  chapel,  309 

Cr£t,  Col  du,  440,  456  ;  Le,  210 

Cretaz,  301 

Crete  Seche,  Col  de,  450 
Creuse  chalets,  383 
Creux,  Breche  du  Grand,  147 
Crevasse,  Punta,  301,  315 
Crevasses,  Sentier  des,  117,  150 
Crevola,  560 
Inn 

Cr^voux  glen,  34 
Crey  Bettex  huts,  215 
Criou,  Rochers  de,  396 
Crissolo,  48,  54,  64 

A I  berg,  del  Gallo  and  del  la  Corona, 

both  kept  by  Pilatoni,  fair  quarters 
Cristillan,  Col  de,  41 
tristina,  Santa,  Sanctuary,  262,  268 
Cristol,  Col  de,  118 
Crocetta,  Col  della,  268 
Croissant,  Aiguille  du,  444,  446 
Croix,  Col  de  la,  (1)  69,  (2)  134 
Croix  de  Fer,  (1)  381,  (2)  398  ;   Col  de 

la,  126,  131 
Croix,  Grande,  96 

Croix  Haute,  Lus  la,  and  Col,  108, 
113,  177,  182 
At  Lus,  Cafe"  du  Nord,  tolerable. 
Crolles,  Dent  de,  188,  190 
Cromwell,  Oliver,  68 
jCrosa  glen,  539 
Croset,  Colle  dei,  258 
Crosetta,  Colle  della,  539 
Crosey,  414,  426 
Crosiasse,  Colle  di,  258 
Croso,  Bocchetta  del,  536 
Crossey  gorge,  190 
Crotes  huts,  473 
Crouis,  Col  de,  19,  23. 
Crozena  huts,  69-70 
Crozet  lake,  135,  187 
Cruello  torrent,  69,  75 


Cruet,  90  ;  Nant,  226,  284 
Crupillouze  lakes,  172 
Cry,  Haut  de,  555 
Cucheron,  Col  du,  194 
Cucumelle,  Croix  de  la,  166 
Cul  du  Bois,  202 
Cula,  Col  de  la,  41-2 
Culet,  Croix  de,  414 
Culoz,  184 

Buffet;  H.  Folliet;  H.  Mimon,  both 

near  the  station 
Cun6az,  Col  de,  529 
Cunei,  pass  and  Sanctuary,  474 
Cuneo,  4-5,  49 

Barra  di  Ferro,  excellent  Italian 

inn 

Cuorgne,  319 

Corona  Grossa  ;  Cannon  d'Oro 
Cuppiera,  Col  della,  36 
Cure\  Pas  du,  112 
Curriere,  Chartreuse  de,  194 
Curt i Hard,  Le,  130,  133 

H.  des  Bains,  small,  but  good ; 
H.  Baroz 
Cusy,  200 
Cuzzago,  560 


Dalmas,  St.  ,  14;  sur  Tinee,  20 

At  the  latter,  poor  Inn 
Dalmazzo,    Borgo    San,    5  ;  -di 
Tenda,  7 

At  the  former,  Due  Galline ;  Del- 
fin  0  ;  Barra  di  Ferro 

At  the   latter,    Stabilimento ,  ex- 
cellent 
Daluis,  22 

Inn,  dirty 
Dames,  Chateau  des,  467,  471-2  ;  Plan, 
37o 

Damiano,  San,  45 

Angelo  ;  Croce  Bianca  ;  Sole 
Daniel,  Chemin^e  de,  406 
Dant,  Nant,  396 
Dappes  valley,  332 
Darbonneire,  Col  de,  456 
Dard,   gorge,    302  ;   Pierre    a,   412  ; 

Pointe  du,  242 ;  waterfall,  345-6 
Darre'i,  393 

Dauphin,  Bee,  71  ;  Chateau,  49;  Le, 
115  ;  Mont,  61,  180 

At  no.    2,  Albergo  di  Francia, 
fair,  civil  people 

At  no.  4,  H.  de  la  Gare  (Court) 
Dauphine"  Alps,  28,  107-8,  136-8 
D^campoux,  201 
D6gioz,  316 

H.  du  Grand  Par adis,  good 
Deluc,  MM.,  405 


INDEX 


585 


Demonte,  31 

Albergo  Garibaldi 
Denis,  St.,  95 
Derby;  forest,  294 
Derochoir,  Col  du,  400 
DeYochoirs  huts,  217 
Desert,  of  the  Chartreuse,  Le,  192-3  ; 
lie,  en  Valjouffrey,  176 

At  the  latter,  chez  Bernard ;  chez 
Rousset  (Joseph),  both  poor 
D6serte,  Col  de  la  Casse,  150 
Deserts,  Les,  186,  203 
Deux  Eaux,  Entre,  chalets,  244-5 

Little  Inn,  sometimes  open 
Deux  Nants,  234 

Deux  Nants,  Entre,  (1)  248-9,  (2)  401 

Devens,  Les,  552 

Devoluy,  177 

Bad  Inn  at  the  chief  hamlet,  St. 
Etienne ;  chez  Chaillot  (at  the  mill), 
at  St.  Disdier,  better 

Diable,  Chemin£e  du,  132;  Pont,  (1) 
202,  (2)  213  ;  torrent,  139,  147 

Diablons,  pass  and  peak,  481,  488 

Diavolo,  Cima  del,  8  ;  Ponte,  255 

Didier,  Pre  St.,  294 

H.  de  VUnivers  et  de  la  Rose, 
good  ;  H.  de  la  Couronne 

Die,  182 

H.  St.  Do??iinique 

Dieta,  True  della,  258 

Dieu,  Doigt  de,  116,  144 

Digne,  2,  24,  34 

H.  Boyer-Mistre ;  H.  Rhnusat  ; 
H.  du  Grand  Paris 

Dingy  valley,  208 

Diosaz  glen  and  gorges,  336,  404 

Discovery  Rock,  516 

Disdier  en  Devoluy,  St.,  177 

Chez  Chaillot  (at  the  mill),  toler- 
able 

Distel  chalets,  541 
Divonne,  550 

Hydropathic  Establishment ;  H.  de 
la  Truite 
Dixenze  torrent,  456 
Dolcino,  Fra,  537 
Dole,  the,  332,  350 

Dolent,  Aiguilles  Rouges  du,  389 ;  Col 

du  Mont,  390 ;  Mont,  376,  386,  390 
Dolin,  Mont,  461 
Dollone,  374  ;  Mont,  375 
Dolomieu,  M.  de,  177 
Dolomites,  French,  177 
Dom,  509,  543 ;  joch,  509,  542 
Dome,  Col  du,  274 ;  glacier,  358,  380 
Domene,  135,  186  ;  Grande  Lance  de, 
136,  187 

H.  des  Arts ;  H.  des  Touristes  ;  H. 
du  Midi ;  H.  des  Voyageurs 


Domerion,  Col; and  lakes,  135 
Domessiny  196 
Domodossola,  560 

H.  de  la  Ville  or  de  la  Poste,  good  ; 
H.  d'Espaghe 
Donato,  536 
Dondena  huts,  309 
Dondeuil,  Col  de,  519 
Donnas,  298 

Dora,  Baltea,  294-5,  298-9,  372-3, 
433 ;  Piccola,  80  ;  Riparia,  67-8,  73, 
77.  79-8o,  94 

Doran,  Col,  211 

Doravidi  peaks,  287-8,  290 

Dordogna,  Colle  della,  298 

Dories,  Aiguilles,  393 

Doria  torrent,  186 

Dorinet  torrent,  214 

Dormillouse,  170 

Doron  de  Beaufort,  213-4 ;   de  Pra- 

lognan,  222,  240-1 
Doucy,  233 
Doussard,  207 
Douvaine,  418 

H.  de  la  Poste ;  H.  de  la  Couronne  ; 

H.  de  Geneve 
Doveria  river,  559 
Drac  valley,  168-9,  I71'  T83 
Dragone,  Punta  del,  471 
Dranse :  d'Abondance,  425,    550 ;  de 

Bagnes,  438-9  ;  de  Belle vaux,  423  ; 

d'Entremont,  428-30 ;    de  Morzine, 

423-4 
Dreizehnenhorn,  489 
Drinc,  pass  and  peak,  301 
Drochetta  Pass,  538 
Dromadaire,  Bosses  du,  350,  353,  355 
Drome,  Department  of  the,  107 
Dronaz,  Pic  de,  (1)  432,  (2)  436 
Dronero,  45 

Leon  d'Oro  ;  Braccio  di  Ferro 
Dru,  Aiguille  du,  341,  361-2 
Drubiaglio,  94 
Druos,  Bassa  di,  16 
Dufourspitze,  497  n.y  499,  504-6 
Duingt,  202,  207 
Duis,  chalets,  267,  270 
Durance,  sources  of  the,  81,  85-6,  no, 

valley,  79,  113,  180-1 
Durand,  Captain,  109;  Col  and  glacier, 

481-2  ;  Mont,  glacier,  447-8 
Duranus,  15 

Durbon,  Chartreuse  de,  182 
Durnant  gorges,  384,  428 
Dza,  Col  de,  472 
Dzasset,  Col  and  glacier,  316 


Earth  pillars,  40,  52,  168,  171,  268* 
302.459 


586 


INDEX 


Eaux,  Entre  Deux,  244-5 
Small  Inn,  sometimes  open 

Echaillon  precipices,  233 

Echelle,  Pas  de  1',  333  ;  Pierre  a  1', 
354  ;  Pointe  de  1',  237-8 

Echelles,  Les,  191 
H.  Durand 

Echelles  de  Planpinet,  Col  des,  79,  87 

Ecole,  202,  204 

Chez  Andreva?it 

Ecot,  L\  269 

Ecrins,  Col  des,  140,  151  ;  Dome  des, 
143 ;  Flambeau  des,  145  ;  Pointe 
des,  109,  119,  137,  140,  142-3,  152, 
163 

Egginer,  543 

Egralets,  Les,  344 

Egreve,  St.,  194 

Egua,  Col  d\  534 

Einfischthal,  457,  479-80 

Eisten,  540 

El,  Pont  d',  300 

Elva,  45 ;  Pelvo  d\  46,  50,  64 

Emaney,  Col  d',  383,  410,  417-8  ;  glen, 
408 

Emay  ravine,  114 
Embrun,  181 

H.  Thouard,  best ;  H.  des  Alpes 
Emd,  489 

Emilius,  Mont,  295,  302-3 
Emosson  basins,  409-10 
Encel,  Pas  d',  415 

Enchastraye,  Col  de  1',  21  ;  Mont,  21, 
33 

Enclave  de  la  Fenetre,  213-4,  370  ;  Col 
d\  370 

Enclaves,  Rochers  des,  214 

Encombres,  pass  and  peak,  92,  234-5 

End,  Nord,  505 

Enfer,  glaciere  de  Y,  209 

Enfetchores  rocks,  149 

Engins  gorges,  112,  179 

Entdeckungsfels,  516 

Entraigues,  (1)  122,  (2)  167,  169,  (3) 

At  no.  3,  H.  Chautard,  fair 
Entraque,  9,  12 

Angelo,  fair;  Moro,  tolerable 
Entraunes  and  St.  Martin  d',  23 
At  the  former,  chez  Trouche,  poor, 
but  good 

At  the  latter,  H.  Roux,  new  and 
good 

Entrelor,  Col  d\  317 
Entremont,  St.  Pierre  d',i88,  194; 
valley,  428-30  ;  village,  210 

At  the  former,  H.  Mollard,  good 

At  the  latter,  H.  Due 
Entrevaux,  22 

H.  Chauvin,  pretty  good 


Entre vernes,  202 
Entreves,  140,  365,  373 
Envergneures,  Les,  287,  289 
Epaisseur,  Aiguille  de  1',  191,  195 
Epicoun,  Bee  d',  448,  466 
Epierre,  91, 129 

H.  Andreys 
Epine,  Mont  del',  191,  195 
Epinel,  301 

Cantine 
Ersa,  Col  d',  476 
Escarene,  L',  9 

H.  de  Paris,  indifferent 
Eschen,  death  of  M.,  336,  405 
Escher,  death  of  M. ,  381 
Escombailles,  Col  des  Grandes,  135 
Eseltschuggen  rocks,  483-4 
Escreins  glen,  39 
Esprit,  Aiguille  du  St.,  249 
Esseillon  fort,  95,  238 
Estaris  lake,  170 
Estellette  glacier,  372 
Esteng,  23 

Estrete,  Col  de  Val,  172 

Estronques,  Col  des,  41 

Etablons,  Col  des,  439,  554 

Etache  chalets,  90,  102  ;  Col,  102  ;  glen, 

101 ;  Rognosa  d',  29,  89,  101-2 
Etages,  Les,  140 ;  Pointe  des,  145, 147 
Etancons  glacier  and  valley,  140-1, 

148-9 
Etendard,  L',  127 

Etienne,  St.,  de  Crossey,  190;  de 
Tinee,  4,  20 ;  en  Devoluy,  177 

At  no.  2,  H.  de  France,  good 

At  no.  3,  poor  Inn 
Etoile,  Belle,  206 ;  lake,  151 
Etrembieres,  332 

Etret,  Grand,  cols  and  glen.  317,  320, 
322-3 

Etroit  du  Vallon,  Col  de  1',  86 
Etroite,  Col  de  la  Valine,  97-8 
Etroits,  gorge,  210 
Etroubles,  433 

Croix  Blanche  ;  National 
Evancon  stream,  515 
Ev^che's,  Trois,  (1)  24,  35,  (2)  116-7,  120; 
Ev6que,  Col  de  1',  427,  451,  468  ;  peak, 
462 

Ev&ques,  Rocher  des  Trois,  1,  21,  34 
Eves,  Entre  les,  glen,  407 
Evettes,  Col  and  glacier,  264,  266 
Evian,  419 

Grand  H.  des  Bains  ;  Grand  Hotel ; 

H.  Fonbonne ;  and  many  others 
Evionnaz,  553 
Evolena,  459 

H.  de  la  Dent  Blanche  (Spahr), 

recommended ;   Grand  Hotel  (An- 

zevui) 


INDEX 


587 


The  owner  of  each  has  also  an 
Hotel  at  Arolla 
Exchaquet,  M.,  364 
Exilles,  94,  103 
Eychauda,  Col  and  lake,  166 
Eymes,  Les,  188 
Eymond,  Villard,  115 
Eynard,  St.,  188 
Eyvia,  Grand',  295,  301-2,  304 


Faetto  glen, 74-5 
Faiteau  torrent,  53 
Faller  Alp,  528  ;  horn,  530 
Fallere,  Mont,  433-4 
Fang,  479 
Fare  lake,  127 
Farel,  Guillaume,  182 
Farnareita,  42 
Faroma,  Monte,  471,  474 
Faucigny,  castle,  333  ;  province,  422 
Faucille,  Col  de  la,  332 
Inn 

Faurio,  Roche,  Col,  164 ;  peak,  152 

Faverges,  206 

H.  de  Geneve ;  H.  de  la  Poste 

Favre,  Mont,  293,  376 

Fayet,  Le,  335 

H.  de  la  Paix ;  H.  du  Pont  de  Bon 
Nant 

Fea,  Col  de,  268 

Fee,  543  ;  pass,  544 

H.  du  Dom  ;  Grand  Hotel ;  Grand 
H.  Saas-Fee,  all  in  same  hands 
(same  owners  as  the  H.  de  la  Poste  at 
Visp) ;  H.  Saas-Fee,  smaller  (same 
owner  as  the  H.  des  Alpes  at  Visp) 

Felikjoch,  517 

Fell  Railway,  95-6 

Fenestrelle,  Passo  di,  11-2 

Fenestrelles,  72 
Rosa  Rossa,  good 

Fenetre,  Col  de,  (1)  426,  439-43,  (2) 
434»  (3)  476;  Col  de  Plan,  (1)  301, 
(2)  309 

Fenetre,  Enclave  de  la,  213-4,  370 
Fen£tres,  Col  des,  72 
Fenils,  80 
Fenis,  299 

Fer,  a  Cheval,  401;  Col  du,  21,  32; 

Croix  de,  (1)  381,  (2)  398  ;  Col  de  la 

Croix  de,  126,  131 
Ferney,  332 

H.  de  France 
Ferpecle  glen,  476-7 

At  the  Salay  chalets  the  good  little 

H.  du  Col  dHirens 
Ferrand,  glen,  123-4  ;  Grand,  177 
Ferrant,  Punta,  103 
Ferrari,  Gaudenzio,  522,  536-7 


Ferrera,  96 

Ferret,  Cols,  huts,  and  valleys,  328, 
385-6 

At  the  Swiss  huts,  small  Inn 
Ferrichliicke,  540 
Ferriere,  La,  130 

H.  Ramus,  poor 
Ferro,  Croce  di,  Pass,  253,  256  ;  Cro- 

cetta  di,  253 
Fervento,  533 

Inn 

Fesse  chalets,  229 
F£toules,  Tete  des,  139,  159 
Fier  gorges,  207-8 
Fiery,  515 

H.  des  Cimes  Blanches,  good  ;  also 
a  new  Inn 
Fifre,  145 
Filliere  river,  208 
Fillinges,  Pont  de,  396,  422 
Findelen  glacier,  501 
2  small  Inns  near  by 
Finestre,  Col  delle,  4,  12 

On  the  S.  side  (but  in  Italy)  the 
H.  delta  Madonna,  good,  but  often 
crowded,  especially  by  Italian  officers 
Finhaut,  383 

H.  du  Bel  Oiseau ;  H.  du  Mont 
Blanc;    Beau    Sijour ;  P.    de  la 
Croix   Fe'de'rale ;  P.    du    Perron  ; 
all  cheap  and  simple 
Fionnay,  440 

H.  du  Grand  Combin,  now  under 
new   management,    excellent ;  H. 
Fionney,  smaller 
Fiorenza,  lake,  56-7  ;  piano,  55 
Firmin  en  Valgaudemar,  bt.,  159, 

i75 

H.  Davin 
Fiz,  Rochers  des,  347,  395,  403 
Flaine  lake  and  pass,  397-8 
Flegere,  347  ;  Col  de  la,  407 

At  the  former,  small  Inn 
Fletschhorn,  547,  564  ;  joch,  564 
Flon  torrent,  (1)  195,  (2)  212 
Floriaz,  La,  348  ;  Col  and  peak,  408 

Small  Refreshment  Booth 
Flua  Alp,  528 

Flumet   glen,   125-6 ;    village,  209, 
212 

At  the  latter,  H.  du  Mont  Blanc  ; 

H.  des  Balances 
Fobello,  539 

Italia  ;  Post  a 
Fodan,  Clapier  de,  269 
Foglietta,  Croix  de,  226 
Foilly,  Signal  de,  413 
Fond,  Col  de  la  Montde  du,  236 ;  Col 

du,  284  ;  glen,  226,  284 
Fond  de  France,  130 


588 


INDEX 


Fonds  chalets,  (i)  239,  (2)  403-4  ; 

glen,  403-4 

At  no.  2  of  the  chalets  there  is  now 

a  small  Inn 
Fongillarde,  52 
Fontaine,  233,  235 
Fontainemore,  519 
Font  an,  8 

H.  Grivelli 
Fontanabran,  383 
Fontanella,  Punta  di,  471-2 
Font  Sancte,  Pointe  de  la,  30,  38-9 
Fontanus,  215-6 
Fontcouverte,  124 

Forbes,  Principal,  64-5,  109,  156,  341, 
39i 

Forca,  Colle  dell  a,  269 
Forciolline  glen,  52,  61-2 
Forchet,  Mont,  422 
Forchu,  Nant,  205 

Forclaz,  Col  de  la,  (1)  210,  (2)  368, 
(3)  381 

On  no.  3,  H.  Gay-Descombes 
Forcle,  Col  de,  293 
Forcletta,  Pas  de,  488 
Forcola,  567 
For£ant  lake,  51-2 
Fornalino  glen,  569 
Fornet,  (1)  228,  (2)  285 

At  no.  2,  small  Inn,  kept  by  the 
ex-garde-chasse  Bois. 
Forno  Alpi  Graie,  267 

Alpi,  probably  the  worst  inn  in  the 
Alps 

Forno  di  Lemie,  255 
Forno  (Val  Strona),  539 

Leone  d'Oro,  fair 
Foron  glen,  (1)  211,  (2)  419 
Fort,  Col  de,  471  ;  Mont  and  Col  du 

Mont,  440 
Forzo,  310-n 
Fos,  Col  de,  283 
Fouille,  Pas  de  la,  178 
Fouillouze  glen,  36 
Fouly,  La,  chalets,  386 
Four,  Haut  du,  pass,  205 
Foura,  Punta,  316,  322 
Fourane,  Val,  82 

Fourche,  Grande  and  Petite,  391-3 
Fourches,  Col  des,  21 
Fourchons,  Mont,  432 
Fourioun,  Roccie,  57 
Fournache  chalets,  238 
Fourneaux,  92 
Fournel  glen,  168-9 
Fours,  Col  de,  23  ;  Col  des,  371 

At  the  Le  Collet  hamlet  on  the 
route  of  no.  r  ,  chez  Girard,  poor 
Fourvoirie,  La,  192 
Fous,  Col  della,  8 


Foy,  Ste,  226 

H.    du  Mont    Blanc,   fair ;  H. 
Gacon 

Fraiche,  Col  de  la,  130  ;  waterfall,  242 
Fraitar,  Col  du,  188 
Francesetti,  Count,  250,  252 ;  Punta, 
265 

Franchet,  hamlet,  228,  280  ;  Rochers 

de,  227,  273-4 
Francois  de  Sales,  St.,  208,  338  ;  glen, 

200,  203 
Francoz,  236 
Frappier,  Col,  70 
Frasse  glacier,  369,  377 
Fraxinetum  Saracens,  95,  429 
Fr6aux,  Les,  and  waterfall,  116,  122 
Fr£bouzie  glacier,  367 
Freddo,  Rio,  glen,  (1)  6-7,  (2)  17,  32 
Freidour,  Mont,  71 
Freissinieres  glen,  169-70 

Small  Inn  at  the  Mayor's  house  at 

the  hamlet  of  Les  Ribes 
Frejus,  pass  and  peak,  99  ;  Tunnel,  89, 

92-3 

Frema,  Balme  de  la,  14 

Fremamorta,  Col  de,  15-6 

Frene,  Col  du,  (1)  91,  in,  132,  (and 

peak)  (2)  194,  (3)  204 
Freney,  Le,  115,  147 

H.  de  V Europe  (Reymond) 
Freres,  Trois,  437 ;  Mineurs,  Col  des 

Trois,  81 
Fresnay,  glacier  and  pass,  357 
Fresse,  Col  de,  245,  274 
Fressinone  waterfall,  559 
Freterive,  205 
Fr£tes,  Croix  des,  247 
Frette,  Col  de,  247 
Fr6ty,  Mont,  365 

Small  Inn 
Freydane,  Col  de,  136 
Frilihorn  and  pass,  488 
Frioland,  Mont,  55,  66 
Froid,  Brie,  29,  60,  79,  83 
Froide,  Combe,  159-60 
Frolero,  Piano,  66 
Fromage,  Cols  de,  42 
Front,  Col  du,  274 
Frou  tunnel,  194 
Frudiere,  Bee  and  Col  de,  532 
Fruit,  pass  and  peak,  237 
Fumo,  Colle  di  Pian,  258 
Furgg  glen,  570;  joch,  511 
Furgge,  567 
Fuz  chalets,  234 


Ga  huts,  42-3 

Gabelhorn,  Ober,  482,  508 ;  Unter,  502 


INDEX 


589 


Gaby,  519 

Alb  ergo    dei    Colli     Vecchia  e 

Mologna,  opened  in  1897 
Gaby,  Al,  519,  559 
Gaehe  forest,  25 
Gaglianico  castle,  536 
Gaillarde,  Fontaine,  246 
Gaiambra,  Col  de,  103 
Galibier,  Col  du,  117-20  ;    Roche  du 

Grand,  29,  79,  117,  119 
Galise,  Col  de  la,  231,  270,  272,  276-7, 

318  ;  Pointe  de  la,  230,  273,  276-7, 

3i8 

Galmont  chalets,  76 
Galoppaz,  Pointe  de  la,  204 
Gampel,  556 

Gamsen,  557  ;  valley,  547,  565 
Ganter  torrent,  558 
G-ap,  181 

H.  de  Provence  (Blanc)  ;    H.  .  du 
Nord  (Pelloux) 
Garde,  La,  115 
Gardetta  chalets,  46 
Gardiner,  Breche,  and  Pic,  117,  166 
Garebre  glen,  35 
Garin,  Col  de,  302  ;  Pointe,  30^ 
Gaspard,  Breche  Maximin,  146 ;  Pic, 

i37»  150 
Gassijoch,  490 

Gastaldi,  Cresta,  321  ;  Punta,  (1)  48, 

53>  57  >  (2)  471 
Gauchoirs,  Les,  138 
Gavet,  Combe  de,  114 
Gay,  pass  and  peak,  313-4,  321-2 
Gayet  glen,  82 

G6ant,  Aiguille  du,  363,  373  ;  Col  du, 

363>  375;  glacier,  340,  344,  364-5 
Grants,  Marmites  des,  255 
Gebidem,  556 

G6broulaz,  Col  and  glacier  de,  236 
Geffriand  glen,  235 

Gelas,  Cima  dei,  13  ;  di  Lourousa,  11 
Gele\  Mont,  443,  449 
Gelon  glen,  129 
Gemein  Alp  chalets,  566 
Gemshorn,  529 

Gen6py,  glacier  de,  239  ;  Rochers  de, 

245.  274 
Geneva,  330  ;  lake,  332,  549 

H.  National,  outside  the  town ; 
H.  des  Berg ues ;  H.  de  Russie  ;  H. 
Beau-Rivage ;  H.  de  la  MUropole  ; 
H.  de  la  Paix  ;  H.  Suisse,  and  H. 
Terminus,  opposite  the  railway 
station  ;  and  many  others 
Genevre,  Mont,  27-8,  79-81 

Hospice  ;  chez  Balcet 
GeneVrier,  Pointe  du,  411 
Genix  d'Aoste,  St.,  196 
H.  Labully 


Georges  de  Commiers,  St.,  173,  183 
Germagnano  bridge,  255,  263 
Germain,  St.,  castle,  299 
Germanasca  valley,  67,  71,  75-8 
Germano,  San,  71 
Orso 

Gers  glen,  397-8,  401 
Gervais,  St.,  213,   335,   368 ;  Mont 
Blanc  from,  353,  356 

Etablissement     Thermal,  rebuilt 
after  the  ruin  in  1892.   In  the  village, 
Mont  Joly  ;  Mont  Blanc  ;  Etrangers 
Gesso  glen,  9,  12 
Gets,  Col  des,  424 
Gex,  332 

H.  du  Commerce ;  H.  de  la  Poste 
Ghigo,  76 

The  Waldensian  pasteur  receives 
travellers 

Giacomo,  San,  d'Ayas,  515 ;  Pass,  73 
Giaglione,  97,  106 
Gialin,  Mont,  311 
Giandola,  9 

H.  des  Etj'angers,  good 
Giargiatte  glen,  52,  65 
Giaset,  Col,  105 
Giasset  chalets,  74 
Giaveno,  71-2 
Giavino,  Monte,  298 
Gieres,  134,  186 

Many  Cafe's 
Giers,  Col  de,  177 
Giettaz,  La,  209,  213 

H.  du  Col  des  A  r avis 
Gi6troz,  Col  de,   454 ;   glacier,  428, 

441-2 

Giffre  valley,  396-7,  400-1 
Gignod,  433 

Gilbert,  Col  de  Mont,  91,  129 
Gimilian,  301,  304 
Gimont,  Col  de,  80,  84 
Ginanz  glen,  489 
Gingolph,  St.,  420 

Lion  d'Or  ;  Lac 
Ginotin,  204 
Gioberney,  Mont,  156 
Giomein,  512 

H.  du  Mont  Cervin,  excellent 
Giordan,  Col  de  Pra,  47 
Giordani,  Punta,  503,  506,  530 
Giordano,  Punta,  471,  513 
Giovanni,  San,  d'Andorno,  536  ;  Col, 
255,  257;  glen,  o  ;   Isola  di,  562; 
village,  67-8 

At  no.  1,  Grand  Hotel 

At  no.  2,  small  Inns 
Gipes,  Col  de,  19 
Gippiera,  Col  della,  36-7,  46 
Girard,  Col  de,  266 
Girardin,  Col,  30,  39-41 


59o 


INDEX 


Giraud-L£zin,  Breche,  150 
Girba,  Col  de,  49,  54 
Girose,  Col  de  la,  148 
Girottaz  lake,  214 
Gitte  glen,  214,  216 
Giulian,  Col,  75 
Giulio,  Isola  San,  561 
Giuseppe,  Rima  San,  534 
Glacier,  Mont,  309 

Glacier,  Col  du  Grand,  (1)  133,  (2) 

289,  291 ;  Pointe,  133 
Glacieres,  209 

Glaciers,  Col  des,  378  ;  stream  215 
Glaize  valley,  224 

Glandon,  Col  and  glen,  91,  126,  32,  232 
Glayza,  Grand,  60,  84 
Glaz,  Trou  du,  188 
Gleisolles,  34 
Gletscher  Alp,  544 

Gleyzin  chalet,  130 ;  Pic,  120,  130,  133 

Gliairetta  glacier,  281,  290 

Gliere,  Aiguille  de  la,  348,  407;  chalets 

243  ;  Col,  409  ;  Pointe,  241-2 
Glinettes,  Croix  de,  215 
Glion,  551 

H.   Victoria;  H.  Rigi  Vaudois  ; 

H.  du  Midi  ;  H.  Bellevue  ;  and  others 
Glis,  557 

Glockner,  Gross,  306-7 
Gnifetti,  pass  and  peak,  505,  516 
Goiassa,  Mont,  298 
Goj  huts,  314,  321 
Golese,  Col  de  la,  411 
Golet,  Col  du,  233  ;  Le,  202 
Goletta,  pass  and  peak,  278,  280-1 
Gol£on,  Aiguille  du,  116,  121 ;  Col,  120 
Golliaz,  Grand,  433 
Goncelin,  128-9,  J%7 

H.  Bayard 
Gondo,  559 

Inn 

Gondran,  Col  du,  81,  85 

Gordolasca,  Val,  8,  13 

Gorge,  Notre  Dame  de  la,  370 

Gorner  glacier,  499-500  ;  Grat,  498-9 
On  the  latter,  Restaurant  Belve- 
dere (Seiler) 

Gouille  a  Vassu,  436-7 

Goule  Noire,  Pont  de,  179 

Goulets,  Grands,  gorges,  179 

At  the  upper  end  are  several  Inns  : 
Combet ;  Voyageurs ;  Grenoblois 

Gouter,  Aiguille  and  Dome  du,  350,  356  ; 
ridge,  351-3 

Grachen,  494,  540 

Graffeneire,  444,  446 

Graglia,  Sanctuary,  536 

Graines  castle,  515 

Graisivaudan  valley,  90,  186-9,  197 

Grammont,  421 


Grana,  Val,  45,  47 

Grand,  Pointe  du,  287 

Grandcroux,  pass  and  peak,  304,  314 

Grande,  Lago,  56,  62-3  ;  Ponte,  526  ; 

Val,  (1)  267-8,  (2)  533 
At  no.  2,  Albergo  al  Pontegrande 
Granero,  Monte,  58,  65 
Grange,  Pointe  de,  422,  425 
Granges  Communes,  Col  des,  21,  34 
Granier,  Mont,    186-7,  189-90,    194 ; 

village,  218 
Gras,  Praz,  461 

Grat,  St.,  chapels,  289,  291,  301;  Col, 

287-8,  291 ;  glacier  and  lakes,  290-1 
Gratelo  lake,  247-8 
Grauhaupt,  529 
Grauson  glen  and  huts,  303-4 
Grave,  La,  116,  137;  Pic,  148 

H.  de  la  Meije  (Juge),  enlarged, 

and  good  ;  H.  des  Alpes,  smaller 
Gravellona-Toce  station,  560 
Grelle,  Mont,  185 
Grenairon,  401 ;  Col  du,  410 
Grenoble,  112-3 

H.   Monnet   (Trillat),   excellent  ; 

Grand  Hotel  (Primat),  also  good  ; 

H.  d Angleterre,  in  the  new  quarter 

of  the  town 
Grenzgipfel,  504-5  ;  glacier,  504-6,  516 ; 

sattel,  505 
Gr£pon,  Aiguille  de,  360 
Gresse,  179 

H.  du  Grand  Veymont  (Mouttet),  fair 
Gressoney,  518 

At  St.  Jean,  H.  Delapierre ;  H.  du 

Mont  Rose  (Linty);  H.  Lyskamm 
At  La  Trinity,  H.  Thedy 
Between  is  H.  Miravalle,  new  and 

excellent 
Gresy,  (1)  199,  (2)  224 

At  no.  2,  H.  de  la  Treille 
Griaz,  La,  337 
Griesseren  glacier,  565 
Grimaldi  family,  22 
Grimentz,  480,  485-6 

H.  des  Bees  de  Bosson 
Grindelwald,  338 
Gris,  Puy,  in,  113 
Grisanche,  Val,  272,  285-6 

At  the  chief  hamlet,  L'Eglise,  a 

poor  Inn.     Better  one  at  Fornet, 

higher  up 
Grive,  Aiguille,  250 

Grivola,  295-6,  301,  304-7,  316;  Col, 

Grivoletta,  305 
Gronda,  Colle  della,  533 
Groscavallo,  268 

Albergo  di  Groscavallo,  frequented 
by  families  from  Turin 


INDEX 


59i 


Grosse,  Pierre,  chalets,  251 
Grub  en,  489 

H.  Schwarzhorn,  good 
Gruffy,  200,  202 
Griinsee,  500 
Small  Inn 
Guercia,  Col  di,  17,  19,  32 
Guerin,  St.,  chapels,  (1)  217,  (2)  218 
Gueula,  Col  de  la,  409-410 
Gueydan,  Pont  de,  22 
Guiers,  Mort,  191-2 ;  Vif,  188,  192, 

194, 196 
Guil  valley,  59-61 
Guillaumes,  23 

Chez  Giniez,  dirty  and  poor 
Guillemore  gorge,  519 
Guillerme,  Pont  St.,  115, 138 
Guillestre,  39,  61 

H.  Imbert,  whence  starts  the  chief 

diligence    for    Abries,     fair;  H. 

Ferrary  (Vedel) 
Guin,  pass  and  peak,  471,  513 
Guisane  valley,  79,  110 
Guivra  rift,  410 
Gula,  La,  538 
Guraglen,  267 
Gurra,  La,  226 
Gutarry,  La,  209 
Gyr  torrent,  153,  162 
Gyronde  torrent,  153,  161,  180 
Gys,  Pont  de,  423 


Habere,  Lullin  and  Poche,  422 
Hamel  accident,  352 
Hannibal,   31,  80-1,    104,  106,  254, 
292-3 

Hannig  Alp,  494,  540 ;  huts, 
Hauderes,  460 

H.  du  Mont  Collon 
Haut  de  Cry,  555 ;  du  Col,  210 ;  du 

Four,  205  ;  du  Seuil,  188  ;  Pas  d'en, 

289  ;  Pointe  de  V,  414 
Haute  Luce,  214 

Chez  Mollier 
Hautecombe  abbey,  185 
Henvieres,  Pointe  des,  40 
Herbarie"tan,  Col  de,  129 
Herbetan  glen,  188 

Herbetet,  chalets,  305,  308,  315  ;  Cols 
de  1',  308,  315  ;  Mont,  296,  308,  316 

Herbrigen,  495 

H£r£mence  valley,  455-6 

HeYens,  Col  d',  464,  477-8  ;  Dent,  470, 
508,  512  ;  Val,  457 

Hermance,  418 

Hermattje  huts,  501 

Hermillon,  233 

Hery,  212 

Entrie  des  Voyageurs 


Hiere  glen,  191 

Highest  village  in  the  Alps,  43,  269 

High  Level  Route,  427,  451,  468 

Hilaire,  St. — St.  Nazaire  station,  179 

Hirondelies,  Col  des,  366 

Hohbalen  glacier,  546 

Hohlicht,  517 

Hohthaligrat,  500 

Hohwang  glacier,  483 

Homme,  Bee  de  1',  116  ;  Clot,  glacier, 

163  ;  Col,  131 
Hornli,  501 
Hortiere  chalets,  99 
Houches,  Les,  368 

H.  du  Glacier 
Houerts,  pass  and  peak,  39-40 
Hiibschhorn,  558 
Huez,  115 

Hugh  of  Lincoln,  St.,  187,  192 
Hugon,  Chartreuse  de  St.,  126  ;  glen, 
130 

Humide,  Pierre,  239 
Hunting,  3,  10,  296-7,  314-5,  317,  528 
Hutegg,  540 
Small  Inn 


Ignatius,  St.,  Sanctuary,  256 
Ignes,  waterfall,  461 
Illgraben,  480 
Illiez,  Val,  413-4 

At  the  village,  H.  de  M on- R epos 
Imfeld,  Herr,  map  by,  330;  panorama 

by,  355 
Imseng,  Cure\  540,  545-6 
Inferne"  glen,  19 

Infernet,  Col  de  1',  122 ;  fort,  82 
Infernetto,  Passo  dell',  74 
Inferney  gorge,  115 
Inferno  valley,  8 
Infranchissable,  Col  (dit),  377 
Intersile,  Colle,  47 
Introd,  282 

Small  Inn 
Invergnan,  Eec  de  1',  281-3 
Invergneux,  Col  d',  306 
Ippolita  Pass,  520 
Isaia,  Col,  55,  57 
Ischiator,  pass  and  peak,  20,  32 
Iselle,  559 

H.  de  la  Poste,  good 
Iseran,  Col  d',  220,  222,  226,  228-31  ; 

Mont,    229-32,    270 ;    Signal,  228, 

231-2,  264,  273,  276 
Isere,    sources    of   the,   272,    276  ; 

valley,  186-9,  I97,  222-8,  246  ;  village 

of  Val  d',  228,  273-6 

At  the  latter,  H.  Moris,  good  little 

mountain  inn,  the  best  headquarters 

in  the  upper  Isere  valley 


592 


INDEX 


Ismier,  Col  de  St. ,  188 
Isola,  19 

H.  Combe,  rather  better  than  H. 
d'Isola 
Issert,  Ville  d\  385 
Issime,  519 

//.  Mont  N try  (kept  by  Delapierre 
of  Gressoney),  opened  in  1897 
Issogne  castle,  297 
Issora  gorge,  172 
Ivrea,  297 

Scudo  di  Francia,  good 
Izouard,  Col  d\  84 


Jacques  d'Ayas,  St.,.  515 ;  Tours, 
203 

Jagernetzen  rocks,  505 
Jaillet,  Col,  209,  213 
Jaillon,  97,  106 
Jallorgues,  Col  de,  20,  23 
Jallouvre,  Pic  de,  210 
Jambaz,  Col  de,  423 
Jandri,  147 

Jardin,  343  ;  d'Argentiere,  380 ;  du 
Miage,  374 

Jarsy,  202,  204 

Jausiers,  34 

H.  du  Poulet  (Cuzin) 

Jazzi,  Cima  di,  502,  523-4.  . 

Jean  Gauthier,  Col,  165 ;  Gros,  Col 
de,  121  ;  Rostan,  Aiguille  de,  40 

Jean,  St.,  d'  Arves,  91, 124;  d'Arvey, 
203  ;  d'Aulph,  424  ;  de  Belle- 
ville, 234-5  ;  de  Maurienne,  91  ; 
de  la  Riviere,  14  ;  deSixt  and  Col, 
209 

At  no.  1,  chez  Grand  (near  the 
church),  poor,  but  improved 

At  no.  2,  chez  Richard;  chez 
Mollens 

At  no.  3,  Balance;  ValUe 
d'Aulph 

At  no.  4,  chez  Bermond 
At  no.  5,  H.  de  la  Gare  (Chape- 
let)  ;    H.    de    V  Europe;    H.  St. 
Georges 
At  no.  6,  bad  Inn 
Jeoire,  St.,  396,  423 

Couronne ;  Savoie 
Jeur,  Six,  383 
Joanne,  Pointe,  51,  59 
Jocelme,  Pic,  168 
Joderhorn,  542 

Joly,  Col,  215  ;  Mont,  212,  368 
Jorasses,  Grandes  and  Petites,  362,  376 
Jorat,  550  ;  Col  du,  410,  417 
Joseph  de  Riviere,  St.,  191 
Joudron  glen,  129 
Jouplane,  Col  de,  424 


Jouvet,  Mont,  293 

Joux,  Bas,  waterfall,  403  ;  chalets,  288  ; 
Col,  531 ;  Colonne,  293  ;  Mont,  293, 
431 ;  Plaine,  (1)  398,  (2)  399,  405 

Jovet,  Mont,  225,  240 
Inn  near  the  summit 

Julien,  Col,  75 

Julien  en  Beauchene,  St.,  182 
Jumeaux,  507  ;   de  Chaillol,  173  ;  de 

Valtournanche,  471,  513 
Jung  Pass,  490 
Jungthaljoch,  490 
Jura,  197,  331-2 


Kalpetran,  494 
Kien  glacier,  510 
Kinnbriicke,  540 
Kumme,  Rothe,  500 


LA,  Combe  de,  429,  436 

Labouret,  Col  de,  35 

Lac,  Becca  du,  287-8  ;  Col,  148  ;  Plan, 

(1)  139,  (2)  244 
Lachat,  Mont,  369 
Lachau,  Passage  de,  421 
Ladro,  Passo  del,  12 
Laffrey,  174 

H.  Cha7'laix 
Laire,  Saut  du,  171 
Laisonnay,  247 
Laissenant,  228 
Lajet,  Colle  dei  Tre,  258 
Lamet,  Mont,  251 

Lance,  Grande,   d'Allemont  and  de 

Domene,  136,  187 
Lancebranlette,  293 
Lancey,  135,  187 

H.  Grimoux 
Lanchatra  glen,  139,  160-1 
Lanchette,  Pointe  de  la,  378 
Landry,  225,  248 
Lange  Fluh,  544 
Lanne  glen,  125 

Lans,  Mont  de,  glacier  and  village, 
115,  137,  147-8  ;  Villard  de,  179 

At  the  latter,   H.    de   la  Poste 
(Imbert) 
Lanslebonrg,  95,  229 

H.  Valloire  (Alexandre),  fair 
Lantosque,  14 

H.  des  Etrangers,  pleasant  and 
good  little  inn 
Lanzo,  255 

Posta ;  Europa ;   Torino;  Albero 
Fiorito 
Lanzo,  valleys  of,  250-68 
Laquin,  glen,  559,  563-7;  horn,  547; 
joch,  563 


INDEX 


593 


Larche,  33  ;  Col  de,  31 

At  the  village,  chez  Robert ;  chez 
Pinoncely  ;  chez  Donnadieu 
Lareccio,  Passo  di,  570 
Larizza,  Colle,  309 
Latelhorn,  570 

Laugier,  Vallon  and  Col,  39-40 
Lauranoure,  Tete  de,  139 
Laurent  du  Pont,  St.,  191-2 

H.   de   1  Europe,    good ;  H.  des 

Princes,  tolerable 
Laures,  Col  des,  303 
Laurichard,  Pyramide  du,  150 
Laus,  Notre  Dame  du,  181 
Lausanne,  550 

H.  Terminus,  at  the  station,  good  ; 

in  the  town,    H.  Gibbon ;  H.  du 

Faucon  ;  H.  Richemont 
Lauson  huts,  78 
Lausson,  Pas  de,  23 
Lautaret,  Col  de,  43  ;  Col  du,  28, 

108,  1 1 1-8,  138  ;  Pics  de  Neige  du, 

150 

At  no.  2,  Hospice  and  Grand  H. 
Bonnabel,  good,  and  admirably 
situated 

Lauvitel  glen,  138 ;   lake,  139,  161  ; 
Signal,  161 

Laux,  Sept,  131 

Chalet-Hotel  (kept  by  Jean 
Baroz)  of  the  Soci^te"  des  Touristes 
du  Dauphin6,  fair  little  mountain  inn 

Lauzanier,  Col  du,  21,  33-4 

Lauze,  Col  de  la,  109,  116,  147-8 

Chalet-Hotel  Evariste  Chancel 
(kept  by  the  guide  Emile  Pic),  good, 
half  way  between  La  Grave  and  the 
Col,  above  the  Puy  Vachier  lake 

Lauzes,  Col  des,  170 

Lauzet,  Le,  (1)  35,  (2)  117 

At  no,  1,  H.  Don;  H.  de  France 
(Dadin) ;  H.  Miolan 

Lauzette,  Col  de  la,  51 

Lauziere  group,  232-3 

Lauzon,  Col  de,  315  ;  glacier,  159 

Laval,  Col  de,  86,  88 

Lavaldens,  175 

Chez  Gilles  Porte,  rough 

Lavazzero,  Passo  di,  570 

Lavetiau  glacier,  320 

Lavey,  La,  159;  Col,  157 

Lavey  les  Bains,  553 
H.  des  Bains 

Lavina,  Punta,  306 

L avoir,  98 

Lazzara,  Costa  di,  74 
Lechans  huts,  270 

L^chaud,  Col  de,  406-7  ;  Pointe  de, 

293.  372 
Leger,  St.,  130 
I. 


Leichenbretter  rocks,  511 

Leisse,  Colde  la,  231,  243,  245  ;  stream, 

95.  243-5 
Lemie,  255 

Stella,  small 
Lens,  Col  du,  428 

On  it  is  the  Grand  H  de  la  Pierre 
d  Voir 
Lenta  glen,  54,  65,  228 
Leone,  Monte,  558-9 
Lep£na  glacier,  243 
Lepin,  191,  196 

Chez  Berthet  (Vve.) 
L6preux,  Tour  du,  299 
Lesa,  563 

Leschaux,  Col  de,  201 ;  glacier,  340-1, 
366 

Lescheraines,  199,  202  ;  bridge,  200, 
202 

At  the  village,  chez  Jolly  (Hilaire) 
Lesdiguieres,    Constable,  and  castle, 

113,  175,  181-2 
Lestio  lake,  53 
Leuk,  556 

At  the  station,  H.  de  la  Souste,  good 
Levanna,  251,  265,  267,  269-70,  319  ; 

glacier,  266-7 
L  evens,  15 

H.  National,  good 
Leviona  huts,  315 
Lex  Blanche,  328,  371 
Liappey  huts,  458 
Liddes,  429 

H.     du   Grand     St.  Bernard; 
Union  ;  Angle ter re ;  P.  Beau-Stjour 
Lieu,  Petit,  convent,  419 
Lignan,  473 

Small  Inn 
Lignarre  glen,  175 
Lillianes,  519 
Limone,  5 

Europa  ;  Posta  ;  both  fairly  good 
Lin,  Col  du,  428 

On  it  is  the  Grand  H.  de  la  Pierre 
a  Voir 
Lindar,  Col  de,  203 
Lion,  Col  du,  511 ;  couloir,  508 
Lionne  couloir,  406 
Lioy,  Punta,  471,  513 
Lirec  huts,  480 
Lis,  Colle  del,  256 
Liver ogne,  286,  294 

Cantine  du  Col  du  Mo7it 
Livet,  114,  135 

Llvournea,  pass  and  peak,  471,  475-6 
Livron,  182 
Locana,  319 

Corona    Grossa ;    Tre    Pernici  / 
Cervo 

Loccie,  pass  and  peak,  497,  528 

QQ 


594 


INDEX 


Lognan,  387 

Small  Inn 
Lombard,  Col,    120-2 ;  glacier,  111, 
121 

Lombarda,  Col  della,  17,  19,  32 

Lombarde  glen,  254 

Lona,  Pas  de,  485 

Londeniere,  Col  de,  173 

Longe  Borgne,  459 

Longet,  Col  de,  2,  30,  44 

Longia,  Col  della,  76 

Lonze,  Passo  delle,  570 

Loo,  Col  de,  533 

Loomatten,  532 

Loozoney,  Col  de,  533,  536 

Loranco  glen  and  peak,  569 

Lorenzo,  San,  d'Angrogna,  74  ;  in  Val 

Bognanco,  568 
Lory,  Col,  236  ;  Pic,  137,  140,  143 
Losa,  Bocchetto  della,  313,  321;  huts, 98 
Lose  glen,  267 
Losetta,  pass  and  peak,  51 
Losettes  huts,  120 
*  Lost  Valley,'  the,  516 
Lotschenthal,  413 
Loubiere,  Villard,  159,  176 
Louch  waterfall,  19 

Louie  Blanche,  pass  and  peak,  289,  291 
Loup,  Col  du,  du  Val  Champoteon, 

169;  du  Valgaudemar,  167 
Lourousa,  Gelas  di,  11 ;  glen,  10- 1 
Lourtier,  440 

Small  Restaurant 
Louvie,  Col  de,  440 
Louza,  Col  de  la,  272,  277 
Louze,  Col  de  la,  217 
Lovenex,  Col  de,  421 
Loydon,  pass  and  peak,  287,  291 
Luc,  St.,  479 

H,    de  la   Bella    Tola,     good ; 
Grand H.  du  Cervin,  new,  and  larger 
Luca,  Col  di,  65 
Luce,  Haute,  214 

Chez  Mollier 
Luceram,  9 
Ludwigshohe,  506 

Luis,  Grande,  pass  and  peak,  390,  393 

Luisas,  Col,  56,  65 

Luisin,  383,  417 

Lukmanier  Pass,  31 

Lune,  Col  de  la,  321 

Lunella,  Punta,  256  ;  pass,  257 

Lupo,  Passo  del,  38 

Lus-la-Croix  Haute,  178,  182 

Cafe'  du  Nord,  tolerable 
Luseney,  pass  and  peak,  466,  471,  473, 
475 

Luserna,  valley  and  village,  67-8 

In  the  village,  Albergo  Belvedere 
Lussert  lakes,  303 


Lyndaret  chalets,  425 
Lyonnais,  old  Refuge  des,  53,  59 
Lyrerose,  Col  de,  449,  454 
Lysjoch,  516  ;  valley,  493,  518-9 
Lyskamm,  506,  517 


Macagno,  Col  and  glen,  533 
Macheron,  422 
Macot,  225 

Macugnaga,  493,  524 

Monte  Moro ;  Monte  Rosa;  Belve- 
dere 

Madame,  Combe  de,  130-1,  134 
Maddalena,  Col  and  lake,  31,  33 
Madeleine,  Col  de  la,  (1)  31,  33,  (2) 

86,  88,  (3)  91,  232  ;  Collet,  69 
Madeleine,  La,  117 

Madonna,  Caire  della,  12  ;  Colletta,  17, 
32 

Madre,  Isola,  562 
Magdeleine,  Collet  de  la,  229 
Maggiore,  Lago,  562-3 
Magland  defile,  198,  334 
Magno,  San,  Sanctuary,  47 
Maira,  Val,  44-7 

Maison,  Grande,  125  ;  du  Roi,  61 
Maisonm^ane,  33 
Maisonnasse,  315 

Maisons  Blanches,  Col  des,  430,  444-5  ; 

forestieres,  see  p.  24  of  the  text; 

Quatre,  134 
Maistre,  Xavier  de,  299 
Malaberga,  Croce  di,  7 
Malanaggio  quarries,  71 
Malatra,  Col  de,  434 
Malaure,  Col  de,  70 
Malaussene,  22 
Malaval  gorge,  115 
Malciaussia  chalets,  227 
Maledia,  ice-field  and  Punta,  13 
Malinvern,  pass  and  peak,  16-7,  32 
Malj  asset,  30,  37-9 

Chez  Ollivier  (Jean),  tolerable 
Mallet,  Mont,  362 
Maloja  Pass,  27,  31 
Malpasset,  gorge,  276 
Malrif,  Col  de,  83 
Malsanne  torrent,  174 
Malune,  La,  23,  25 
Mamelles,  Les,  42 
Mamozel,  Bois  de,  76 
Mancros  group,  173 
Mandette  chalets,  120 
Maniglia,  Dents  de,  38,  43 ;  village,  77 
Manigod,  209 
Mano,  63 

Manse,  Col  de,  169 
Manzol,  Col,  66 
Marais  chalets,  227 


INDEX 


595 


Marassan  forest,  60 
Marcel,  St.,  (1)  225,  (2)  299 
Marcellin,  St.,  179 
Marchands,  Pas  des,  43 
Marches,  Les,  90,  187,  189 
Marchet,  Grand,  241 
Marcieux,  195 

Margerias,  Mont  de,  201,  203 
Margheria,  Col  della,  6 
Margherita,  Punta,  470 
Marguareis,  Cima,  2,  6 
Marguerite,  Ste. ,  chalets,  289 
Mariande,  Col  de  la,  160 
Mariaud,  24,  35 
Marie,  19 

Marie  de  Vars,  Ste.,  39 
Marignier,  334,  396,  423 

H.  de  la  Vallde  du  Giffre 
Marinet,  Col  de,  37,  46 
Mariotty  sawmill,  384 
Mar  lens,  206 

Marines,  pass  and  peak,  176 
Marmora  glen,  45,  47 
Mars  huts,  456 
Marte,  Monte  di,  55,  57-8 
Martel,  Pierre,  339 
Martellot,  Cima,  265 
Martignare,  Col  de,  122 
Martigny,  554 

H.  du  Grand  St.  Bernard,  at  the 

station,  good  ;  Aigle,  at  the  station  ; 

Clerc,  good,  but  dear  ;  Mont  Blanc, 

good 

Martin,  Col  de  St.,  (1)  14,  (2)  76  ;  Col 
du  Haut,  169;  torrent  de  St.,  75, 
77-8 

Martin,  St.,  d'Arve,  335  ;  de  Belle- 
ville, 235  ;  Charvonnex,  station,  209; 
de  la  Cluze,  183  ;  d'Entraunes, 
23  ;  Pont,  298,  519  ;  Vesubie,  13 

At  no.  2,  chez  Rey  (Martin).  At 
no.  4,  H.  Roux,  new  and  good. 
At  no.  5,  Cavallo  Bianco,  good ; 
Rosa  Rossa.  At  no.  6,  H.  des  Alpes, 
open  all  the  year  round ;  Pension 
Anglo- Ame'ricai?ie,  open  in  summer 
only 

Martinet,  Le,  35 

Martino,  Rio,  cavern,  54 

Martinsbriicke,  540 

Mary,  Col,  glen,  and  peaks,  30,  37,  46 

Marzo,  Monte,  298 

Mas  de  la  Grave,  Pic  du,  122 

Massello  valley,  77-8 

Massongex,  421 

Massucco  quarries,  537 

Massucone,  Monte,  539 

Mastallone,  Val,  537-8 

Masures,  285,  292 

Matheysine  plain,  174 


Matterhorn,    306,   495,    501,    507-8  ; 

Klein,  512  ;  joch,  511 
Mattmark,  541 

Hotel,  fair 

Matto,  Monte,  n 

Mattwaldhorn ,  565 

Matze,  Col  de  la,  417 

Maurice,  Bourg  St.,  215-6,  225, 
371  ;  en  Trieves,  183 ;  en  Valgaude- 
mar,  159,  176  ;  en  Vallais,  553 

At  no.  1,  H.  des  Voyageurs  (Mayet) , 
not  good.  At  no.  4,  H.  Grisogono, 
good  ;  H.  de  la  Gare ;  Alpes ;  Rkvy. 
Restaurant 

Maudit,  Mont,  350,  355 

Maudite,  Montagne,  350 

Maupas  gorge,  125 

Maurienne,  the,  90-1,  95,  222 

Maurin,  Col  and  village,  30,  46 

Mauvais  Pas,  342 

Mauvoisin,  440 

H.  du  Glacier  de  Gidtrozx  poor 

Maye,  Tete  de  la,  141 

Mayt,  Col  La,  82 

M^an-Martin  group,  223,  229,  246,  264 
Meane,  Roche,  150 
M£dail,  M. ,  92 
Medico  glen,  322-3 
Megeve,  212 

Soleil  d'Or,  good  country  inn 
Me'gevette,  423 
Meidassa,  Mont,  56,  58,  64-5 
Meiden,  Pass,  487 ;  hamlet,  489 

H.  Schwarzhom,  good 
Meije,  116,  137,  141,  i43~5-  *48i  I51  ! 

Breche,  148 
Meillerie,  420 
Meina,  Col  de,  456 
Meja,  Col  della,  533 
Melan  convent,  396 
Melezet,  Piano,  55  ;  village,  88,  98 
Melon,  Roche,    97,  182,  250-3,  264 ; 

Col,  253 
Meme,  St.,  194 
Menoge  torrent,  422 
Menouve,  pass  and  peak,  430 
Menoux,  Col  de,  176 
Mens,  174,  177,  183 
Lion  d'Or ;  Alpes 
Menta,  Pierre,  216-7 
Menrnon,  207-8 

Etablissement  Thermal ;  H.  de  la 
Vue  dti  Lac 
Mentone,  9 

Menue,  Pierre,  28-9,  89,  100 

Medians,  35 

Mer  de  Glace,  339-342 

Meraviglie  lakes,  8 

Mercantour  pass  and  peak,  4,  n,  15 

Mercera,  Colle  della,  16-7 

QQ  2 


596 


INDEX 


Merciantaira,  Punta,  84 
Merdaret,  Col  du,  131 
Meribe\  Col  de,  456 
Meridienne  waterfall,  409 
Meris  glen,  9,  11,  17 
Merlet,  pass  and  peak,  132-3 
Merlo,  Becca  del,  474 
Meschie  bridge,  262,  268 
Mescla,  La,  18,  21 
Mesoncles,  Col  de,  301,  315 
Mettelhorn,  502 
Mexicans,  34 
Meyronnes,  34 

H.  Jean,  good 
Mezzenile,  Count  Louis  de,  250,  252  ; 

Punta,  265  ;  village,  263 
Miage,  Col  de,  378  ;  Dome  de,  377; 

glacier  de,  372-3,  378  ;  Jardin  du,  374 
Miceau,  Grand,  91 
Michel,  Roche,  251 
Michel,  San,  Colle,  46 
Michel,    St  ,    Colle,    24  ;      de  la 

Cluse  monastery,  94,  263,  338  ;  de 

Maurienne,  92 
At  the  latter,  H.  de  V Union,  fair  ; 

H.  des  Alpes,  whence  starts  the  break 

for  the  Col  du  Galibier 
Michelis,  Punta,  65 

Midi,  Aiguille  du,  360  ;  Col  du,  354  ; 

Dent  du,  384,  413-7 
Miejour,  Tete  de,  37 
Millon,  Tete  de,  481 
Mine\  Mont,  glacier,  464,  477 
Miniera  valley,  7-8 
Mirabouc  fort.  69 
Mirandol,  Col  de,  34 
Mirantin,  Mont  de,  213 
Miravidi,  Mont,  293 
Mischabelhorner,  509,  542-3  ;  joch-s  544 
MiseYicorde,  Pas  de  la,  190 
Mittaghorn,  543 
Mittel,  pass  and  peak,  569 
Mizoen,  123 

Moanda,  Bocchetta,  533 
Moccand,  Croix,  409 
Modane,  92,  97 

H.     International,     good ;  the 

owner   (M.    Montaz)  manages  also 

the  Chalet-Hotel  at  Bonneval  sur  Arc 
Moede  chalets,  404-5 
Moine,  Aiguille  du,  362  ;  Le,  430,  446 
Moiry,  Col,  glacier,  and  vallev,  480, 

485-6 
Moises,  Col  des,  422 
Molaretto,  (1)  97,  (2)  106 
Mole,  the,  333,  396,  423 
Molines   en   Champsaur,    173 ;  en 

Queyras,  43,  52 
At    no.     2,     chez  Bel! on ;  chez 

Mathieu 


Mcllia,  521 

Albergo  Valsesiano 
Mollieres  glen,  16,  19 
Mologna  passes,  533,  536 
Morning  pass  and  peak,  483-4  ;  Roth- 
horn,  482 
Mompantero,  97,  253 
Monciair,  pass  and  peak,  322 
Moncorve\    Col    and    glacier,  296, 
320-2 

Mondelli  Pass,  526,  541 
Mondrone,   Gorgia  di,   262  ;  Uja, 
258,  262  ;  village,  262 
At  the  latter,  poor  In?i 
\   Monei,  chalets,  305,  308,  312  ;  Col, 
312  ;    Coupe\    313 ;    glacier,    295 ; 
Tete,  313 
Monestier  de  Clermont,  183 

H.  de  la  Gare  ;  H.  du  Lio?i  d'  Or 
Monetier    les    Bains,    117,  137; 
glacier,  165 

H.  de  1' Europe  (Izoard),  fair  ;  H. 
des  Voyageurs  (Alliey),  larger 
;   Mongioire  Pass,  257 
I   Mongellafrey,  232 
Monges,  Col  des,  34,  46 
Mongrando,  535 
Monnetier-Mornex,  332-3 

H.    Bellevite,    near  the  station, 
good;    H.    Beau    Site;    Ecu  de 
Savoie ;    Chateau    de    Mo?inetier  ; 
Re  co  n  ?i  a  issa  n  ce 
Monnier,  Mont,  2,  18-9,  22-3 
Monsieur,  Plan  de,  234 
Mont,  pass  and  peak,  283-6 
Monta,  La,  59,  69 

A?icienne     Auberge,  uninviting 
aspect 

I   Montagnaia,  pass  and  peak,  475 
Montague,  Grande,  glen,  98 
Montagny.  200 
Montalto  castle,  298 
Montana,  556 

H.  d?i  Pare  (at  Crans-sur-Sierre), 
excellent 
Montandayne'  glacier,  296,  320 
Montandrey,  Notre  Dame  de,  233 
Montbonnot,  188 
Montcharvet  gorge,  241 
Montdauphin,  61,  180 

H.  de  la  Gare  (Court) 
Mont£e  du  Fond,  Col  de  la,  236 
1  Montenvers,  337,  340 
Hotel,  excellent 
Monterosso,  47 
Montet,  Col  du,  271 
Montets,  Col  des,  382;  Grands,  pass 

and  peak,  342 
Montette  chalets,  82 
I   Montferrat  hills,  44,  310 


INDEX 


597 


Monthey,  421 

Croix  oVOr,  or  Postes  ;  Cerf 
Monthieux,  Col  de,  398 
Montjoie  valley,  369 
Montjovet  castle,  299 
Montmaur,  177,  182 
Montmayeur  castle,  286 
Montmelian,  90,  187 

Buffet ;  Gare;  Berthier ;  Chavoz 
Montmin  glen,  206 
Montreux,  551 

H.    National ;  H.    Continental ; 
H.    des  Alfies ;  Grand  Hotel;  H. 
Breuer ;  P.    Visinand]    and  very 
many  others 
Moxitriond,  425 

Pnn 

Montvatezan  sur  S£ez,  250 
Monveso  di  Forzo,  311 
Morel  torrent,  233 
Morelle  glen,  69 
Moretel,  129 
Morge  river,  555 
Morges,  550 

Mont  Blanc  ;  Port ;  Couronne 
Morgex,  294 

Chene  Vert ;  Angelo 
Morghen,  526,  541 
Margins,  414  ;  Pas  de,  425 

H.  des  Bains,  large  ;  H.  du  Chalet  ; 
H.  de  M or  gins 
Morgon,  181 
Morillon,  398 

Morion,  glen  and  pass,  288,  290 
Moro,  Monte,  493,  541-2  ;  Pizzo  del, 
538 

Mort,  Mont,  432 

Morte,  Eau,  valley,  197,  206 

Morte,  La,  114 

Chalet-Hotel,  built  by  the  Soci^te" 
des  Touristes  du  Dauphine" 
Morti,  Piano  dei,  99 
Morts,  Vallon  des,  73 
Morzine,  411,  424-6 

H.  des  Alpes 
Mosso  Santa  Maria,  and  Valle,  537 
Mottarone,  Monte,  561 

Excellent  Inn  (Gugliehnina)  on  the 
summit 

Motte,  Grande,  222,  241,  243,245,  276 
Motte,    La,  chalets,  (1)  87,  (2)  238, 
(3)  285 

Motte  les  Bains,  La,  174 

Etablissement  in  the  old  castle  ; 
H.  du  Bois 
Mottets,  371 

Inn  (Vve.  Fort),  fair 
Mottone,  Passo  del,  570 
Moucherotte,  112 
Moud,  Col  de,  534 


Moulin  Vieux,  175 
Mouliniere,  Pic  de  la,  87 
Mountet,  481 

Constantia  mountain  inn,  fair 
Mourin,  429-30,  436 
Mourre,  Froid,  171  ;  Gros,  24 
Mourti,  Pointes  de,  477 
Moutiere,  Col  de  la,  21 
Moutiers  Tarentaise,  217,  224 

H.  de  la  Couronne  (Vizioz),  fair  ; 

Courriers  (Bertoli) 
Mouxy,  184 
Moyse,  Tete  de,  33 
Muande,  Col  de  la,  and  peak,  157-9 
Muande,  Col  delle,  88 
Miihlebach  glen,  489  ;  ravine,  494 
Mule,  Pas  de  la,  21,  33 
Mulets,  G-rands,  354 

Inn,  dear 
Mulinet,  Roc  du,  265 
Mulo,  Col  del,  31,  45,  47 
Mura,  Escaliers  de  la,  147 
Murailles   Grandes,   pass  and  peaks, 

470-1 

Muraillette,  Tete  de  la,  138-9 
Mure,  La,  173-4,  183 

H.  Pelloux ;  H.  du  Nord  (Brachon), 

H.  de  la  Gare 
Murith,  M.,  426,  428,  437 
Muscera  Pass,  567-8 
Mussa  Plain,  260 
Small  Cantine 
Muzelle,  Col  de  la,  161  ;  Roche,  137, 

147,  161 

Myans,  Abimes  de,  90,  186-7,  ^9 
Myst£rieuses,  Gorges,  381,  383 


Nadelgrat,   509,  546 ;    horn,   547 ; 

joch,  542 
Nantet,  Col  du,  207,  209 
Nantillons  glacier,  345,  360 
Nants,  Deux,  234 

Nants,  Entre  Deux,  (1)  248-9,  (2)  401 

Nants  glen,  239,  242 

Napoleon,  298,  429,  431 

Naressa  pastures,  260 

Narreyroux  glen,  162 

Nase,  517 

Nasta,  Cima  di,  n 

Naves,  Grand,  217 

Navettes,  Col  and  glen,  172-3 

Navigenze  glen,  479-80 

Naye,  Rochers  de,  551 

NerT,  Felix,  84,  170;  Pic,  168,  170 

Neige,  Cret  de  la,  332 ;  Pic  de,  Cordier, 

164-5  I  Pi°s  de>  du  Lautaret,  150 
Neiron,  Grand,  Col  and  glacier,  316, 

320 

Nendaz  glen,  440 


598 


INDEX 


Nera,  Becca,  287  ;  Comba,  69;  Punta, 

(1)98,  (2)305 
Neri,  Mont,  519,  532 
Nero,  Monte,  313 
Netschio  glen,  517 
Neutralised  Savoy,  198-9 
Neuvaz,  Aiguille  de  la,  389  ;  Col,  393  ; 

glacier,  390 
Nevache,  and  valley,  85 

At  the  Ville  Haute,  chez  Faure 

(Antoine),  fair ;  at  the  Ville  Basse, 

chez  Balcet  (Vve.),  and  chez  Ros- 

toland 

Nevi  de  la  Rossa,  Col  des,  429,  436 
Nice,  9 

H.  Terminus  ;H.  des  Etr angers ; 
both  open  all  the  year  round 
Nicholas,  St.,  de  la  Chapelle,  212  ;  de 

VeYoce,  369  ;  plain,  96-7 
Niera,  Col  della,  50 
Niklaus,  St.,  494 

Grand  Hotel  (Zumofen),  good  ;  H. 
Loch??iatter,  smaller 
Niouc,  479 

Nivolet,  Col  de,  270,  277,  295,  316-8  ; 
Dent  du,  184,  186,  203 

Nizier,  St.,  112 

A  uberge  du  Moucherotte 

Noasca,  519 

H.  Royal,  a  ddpendance   of  the 
Grand  Hotel  at  Ceresole  Reale 

Noaschetta,  Becca  di,  304,  314,  321 ; 
glacier,  296,  315,  319,  321 

Noir,  Cheval,  232  ;  Glacier,  154 ; 
Grand  Roc,  229,  264  ;  Lac,  147  ;  Roc, 
482  ;  Tour  and  passes,  389-90 

Noire,  Aiguille  and  Col,  86,  119  ; 
Barre,  152  ;  Col  La,  42  ;  Eau,  382, 
410,  418  ;  Foret,  241,  247  ;  Pointe, 
de  Pormenaz,  404  ;  Pont  de  Goule, 
179;  Roche,  271;  Tete,  (1)  382,  (2)401 
On  the  T£te  Noire  (1),  good  Inn 

Noires,  Col  des  Raves,  305 

Nom  glen,  209 

Nomenon,  Grand,  glen,  300-1  ;  peak, 

295-6,  300,  315 
Nona,  Becca  di,  295,  302 
Nonai  glen,  534 
Nord  End,  505 
Norma,  Signal  de  la,  92 
Nouva,  Col  della,  310 
Novalaise,  195 
Novalesa,  96  ;  Col,  253 
Novara,  522,  562 
Novel,  420 

H.  de  la  Dent  d'Oche 
Noyer,  Col  du,  77  ;  valley,  201,  203 
Nubiera,  Col  della,  46 
Nus,  299  ;  Ville  de,  473 

At  the  former,  Croce  d'Oro 


Nyon,  550 

H.  Beau  Rivage  ;  H.  du  Lac  ;  both 
on  the  edge  of  the  lake  ;  Ange,  in  the 
town  ;  H.  du  Jura,  opposite  the  sta- 
tion 


Obiou,  177 

Observatories,  18,  22,  355 

Oche,  Bocchetta  delle,  298  ;  Dent  d', 

395,  420,  425 
CEillette,  the,  192 
Oex,  334 

Ofenthal  Pass,  571 

Offenge,  St.,  200 

Oin,  pass  and  peak,  271-2 

Oisans,  Bourg  d',  114,  138 

Grand  Hotel  de  V Oisans,  good  ; 
H.  de  1' Oberland  Francais  (Primat), 
opposite  the  station,  also  good ;  H. 
de  F?'ance ;  H.  de  Mila?i  ;  H.  Ra?nel 

Oiseau,  Bel,  383 

Olan,  Aiguille  d',  160;  Breche,  146, 
160 ;  Pic,  137,  145,  158,  160,  176 

Olen,  Col  d',  529 

Excellent  mountain  Inn  (Gugliel- 
mina)  near  the  summit 

Olle  glen,  125-6 

Ollomont,  443 

Olmetti,  Madonna  degli,  255 
Olocchia,  Val,  534,  538 
Omegna,  539,  560 

Croce  Bianca  ;  Post  a 
Ometto,  Col  dell',  258 
Oncino,  54 
Onde,  162 

Ondezana,  pass  and  peak,  31 1-2 
Onion,  423 
Orchetta  Pass,  538 
Orcieres,  171  ;  Col  d',  170 

H.  de  1'  Union  (Chevallier),  tolerable 
Oreo  valley,  318-9 
Oren,  Col  d',  451 
Orfano,  Mont',  562 
Orgeval,  Col  d',  205 
Ormelune,  226,  284 
Ormente  torrent,  216 
Omavasso,  560 

Italia  ;  Croce  Bianca  ;  San  Carlo 
Ornon,  Col  d',  (1)  123,  127,  (2)  174-5  I 

village,  114 
Orny,  Col,  glacier,  and  peak,  391-2 
Oronaye,  glen  and  peak,  33-4 
Oropa,  536  ;  Col  della  Barma,  519,  536 
Orsieres,  429 

H.  des  Alpes,  poor 
Orta,  and  lake,  560-1 

San   Giulio ;  Leon  d'Oro;  Orta; 

Garibaldi,  at  the  station  ;  Belve'dere, 

above  the  town 


INDEX 


599 


Orti,  Col  degli,  298 
Ortiga,  Col  dell',  32,  47 
Orvieille,  317 

Ossola,  Domo  d%  560 ;  Villa  d',  560, 
570-1 

At  the  former,  H.  de  la  Ville  or  de 
la  Poste,  good  ;  H.  d'Espagne 
Otanes,  Col  des,  429,  441,  445 
Otemma,  Col  d\  450;   glacier,  426, 

449-52  ;  Pointe,  448 
Otro  glen,  530 
Ouchy,  550 

H.  Beau  Rivage,  very  good ;  H. 
du  Chateau  ;  H.  d  Angleterre 
Oulaz,  Golette  de  1',  412-3 
Oules,  Casse  des,  85 
Oulx,  80,  94  ;  Sauze  d',  73 

At  the  former,  Alpi  Cozie,  fair; 
Lion  d'Or 
Ours  huts,  306  ;  Tour  St. ,  313 
Oursiere,  Cascade  de  V,  134-5 

Two  small  Inns,  one  a  ddpetidance 
of  that  at  La  Pra,  the  other  newer 
Ouzon,  Mont,  423 
Ovarda,  Torre  d',  255,  258,  262 
Ovesca  valley,  570 
Oyace,  466 

Cantine 
Oyen,  St.,  433 
Oz,  126 

Chez  Genevois 


Paccard,  Dr.,  351-2  ;  Mont,  368 
Paesana,  53 

Gallo  ;  Rosa  Rossa 
Pagarin,  Passo  del,  12 
Paillon  torrent,  9 
Pal,  Col  de,  20,  23 
Palere  precipice,  122 
Palet,  Col  du,  247-8 
Paletta,  Passo  di,  434 
Pallon,  169 
Palluel  lake,  170 
Palu,  Cime  de  la,  14 
Palud,  La,  114,  175 
Pancrasse,  St.,  188 

Chez  Dubois 
Panestrel,  pass  and  peak,  30,  37-8,  40 
Panosseyre,  Col  de,  429-30 
Paquier,  torrent,  246 ;  village,  513 

At  the  latter,  H.  du  Mont  Rose, 
good 

Paradis,  Grand,  220,  295-6,  307-8, 
320-1  ;  Col  du  Grand,  321  ;  Petit, 
296 ;  Col  du  Petit,  307 ;  Roc  du, 
320 

Paramont,  Mont,  287,  219 

Pare,  Col  de  la,  87 

Parei,  Granta,  275-6,  278,  281 


Paresseux,  Col  des,  416 
Parieres  group,  172 
Paris,  Plateau  de,  116 

Small  Inn 
Parmelan,  209 

Small  Inn,  near  the  summit 
Paroird  lake,  87 
Parpaillon,  Col  de,  34 
Parrach6e,  Dent,  222,  238,  241 
Parrotspitze,  506 
Pasch'et,  Colle,  258 
Passage,  Ancien,  352,  354 
Passet,  Gros,  78 
Passy,  336,  399 
Patience,  Bee  de  la,  313 
Patri,  296,  313 
Paul  sur  TJbaye,  St.,  36 

H.  Hellion,  good 
*Paumont,  Pointe  de,  100 
Paur,  Passo  del,  17,  32 
Paute-Ornon,  La,  station,  114,  175 
Pauvres,  Col  des,  445 
Pave\  and  Col,  137,  149 
Pays,  M.  Le,  339 
Peas,  Col  de,  84 
Peccoz,  Baron,  518 
P£clet,  pass  and  peak,  223,  235-7 
P£cloz  peak,  199,  201,  205 
Peines  glen,  176 
Peira  Cava,  9 

H.  Bellevue  (Faraut) 
Peisey  glen,  225,  248 

At  the  village,  H.  Collin,  fair 
Pelat,  Mont,  2,  23,  25 
Pelens,  Aiguilles  de,  23 
Pelerins,  hamlet  and  waterfall,  336 
Pelissier,  Pont,  336 
Pella,  537 

Albergo  del  Pesce 
Pellafol,  177 

Pellice,  Torre,  and  Val,  67-70 

H.  de  VOurs,  good 
Pellys,  Les,  401 

Pelouse,  Col  de,  (1)  21,  (2)  99  ;  Pointe, 

398,  402 
Pelvas,  Tete  du,  60,  70 
Pelvat,  Pic  du,  20,  38,  43 
Pelvaux,  Rocs  du,  244 
Pelvoux  group,  61,   108,  136-7*  146  ; 

Mont,  109,  137,  152,  163,  166  ;  Petit, 

and  Trois  Dents,  163 
Pennines,  326-8 
Peone,  22-3 

Inn,  poor 
P£ou,  Roc,  30,  38,  41 
Pepino  hillock,  7 
Perce\  Mont,  437 

Perc6e  du  Reposoir,  Pointe,  211,  335 
Perche,  Col  de  la,  129 
Perci,  Mare,  322 


6oo 


INDEX 


Percia,  pass  and  peak,  317 
Perdu,  Col,  85 
Perduto,  Colle,  319 
Perebecche,  312,  319 
PeYiades,  363 
P^rier,  Le,  175 

Chez  Si  and 
Perosa  Argentina,  71 

H.  National,  good  ;  Sole 
Perouse,  Guillaume,  commune,  158 
Perquelin  ravine,  188 
Perrant,  Col,  124 
Perrero,  75 

Caccia  Re  ale  ;  Rosa  Ross  a 
Perrignier,  419 
Perroc,  Dent,  462,  477 
Pers,  pass  and  peak,  228,  264 
Pescatori,  Isola  dei,  562 
Pesio,  6 

Stabilimento ,  excellent 
Peson  ravine,  316 
Pessinetto,  263 

Pace  ;  Primavera 
Pestarena,  526 

Alpi  ;  Miniere 
P^teret,  Aiguilles  Blanche  and  Noire 

de>  357>  37i»  376 
Petit,  pass  and  peak,  287,  291 
Petriolo  huts,  525,  528 
Peulaz  huts,  386 

Peyron  lake,  88  ;  Pic  du  Clapier  du,  161 
Pfin,  556 

Piagu,  Cime  de,  14,  16 

Pianche,  32 

Pianprato,  309 

Piantonetto  valley,  312 

Piasco,  49 

Piazzette,  256 

Pic,  Emile,  Col,  164 

Piccola,  Colle  della,  (1)  268,  (2)  536; 

Val,  533 
Picheru,  Pointe  de,  275 
Piece,  Col  de,  452  ;  glacier,  461 
Piedicavallo,  536 

Albergo  della  Mologna 
Piedimulera,  527,  560 

Corona  ;  Piedimulera 
Pierascritta,  Colle  di,  269 
Pierre,  St.,  d'Alfoigny,  90,  223 ;  de 

Belleville,  129  ;  Bourg,  429  ;  castle, 

295 ;   de  Chartreuse,  188,   193 ; 

Chat  el,   196 ;   d'Entremont,  188, 

194  ;  d'Extravache,  101 ;  Pont,  192  ; 

torrent,  101,  162  ;  Tour,  308,  312-5 
At  no.  i,  H,  Font  ana ;  H.  Fon- 

tanus. 

At  no.  3,  Dejeuner  de  NapoUon>  fair 
At  no.   5,  H.    Victoria;  B.  du 

Desert 

At  no.  7,  H.  Mollardy  good  . 


Pierre,  Col  de  la,  132 

Pietro  in  Schieranco,  San,  570 

A  Ibergo  delle  Mi  fie  d'  Oro  d'Antrofia 
(Raffini) 
Piglimo,  Col  de,  533 
Pignerol,  49,  68 

Campana  ;  Cannon  d'oro 
Pila,  Col  de,  305 

Pilatte,  Col  de  la,  155,  167  ;  glacier, 

140-1,  145,  153-4 
Pile  Alp,  520,  531 
Pinasca,  71 

Cappel  Verde 
Pinier,  Grand,  170 
Pinsot,  130,  133 
Pinterjoch,  529 

Piode  glacier  and  pass,  520  ;  village, 
52i 

Pisonet,  Mont,  474 
Pissa,  Cima  della,  497,  520 
Pisse,  Col  de  la  Haute,  160;  Colle 
delle,  530;  waterfall,  (1)  41,  (2)  115, 

(3)  52° 
Pisset,  Col  du,  246 

Pissevache,   stream,   408,    417,    554 ; 

waterfall,  520 
Pissevieille  glen,  249 
Pissou  waterfall,  130 
Piz,  Col  du,  78 
Pizzanco,  568 
Placette,  Col  de  la,  190 
Plagne  lake,  (1)  240,  (2)  247 
Plagnetta,  Col  and  glen,  86 
Plan,  Aiguille  du,  360  ;  chalets,  100-2  ; 

de  1' Aiguille,  345 
On  no.  3,  small  Inn 
Planais,  Les,  101-2 
Planards,  Col  des,  435 
Planaval,  castle  and  plain,  285,  290  ; 

col,  287-8,  290 
Planay  huts,  214 
Plancherine,  205-6 
Planereuse,  pass  and  peak,  393-4 
Planey  terrace,  233 
Planpalais,  Col  de,  198,  202-3 
Planpinet,  85  ;  Col  des  Echelles  de,  79, 

87 

Planpizet,  Col  de,  291 
Planpraz,  346 

Inn 

Plan  ton,  Col  de,  21 
Plantrin,  Col  de,  247 
Plaret,  142 

Plassas,  Rocher  de,  242 

Plat,  Aiguille  du,  139-40 

Plate\  Desert,  Escaliers  and  Pointe, 

397-400 
Plateau,  Grand  and  Petit,  354 
Platiere,  Col  de  la,  91,  233 
Platter,  Thomas,  494 


INDEX 


60 1 


Plete\  Motta  di,  512 
Pleureur,  Mont,  441,  449,  456 
Pleureuse  waterfall,  400 
Plines,  pass  and  peak,  385,  392 
Plumatt,  480 

Po,  sources,  45,  56,  63  ;  valley,  44, 
53-8 

Pococke,  Dr.,  339,  341 

Pointes,  Col  des   Trois,    120;  Cinq, 

128-9 
Politri,  Mont,  72,  78 
Pointue,  Pierre,  345,  353 
Inn 

Pollux,  507,  515 

Polset,   Aiguille  de,    223,    235,  237, 

241-2  ;  col,  236  ;  glen,  238 
Pomaray,  194 

Au  Rendezvous  des  Chasseurs 
Pomaretto,  75 
Pome\  76 
Pons,  St. ,  35 

Ponsonniere,  Col  de  la,  117,  119 
Pont  Canavese,    319  ;    de  Beau- 

voisin,  195-6  ;  en  Hcyans,  179  ; 

St.   Martin,   298,   519 ;    in  Val 

Savaranche,  317 

At  no.  1,  Corona  Grossa  ;  Valentino 
At  no.  2,  Poste  ;  Cours  ;  Commerce 
At  no.  3,  H.  Bonnard ;  H.   de  la 

Truite  Fraiche 
At  no.  4,  Cavallo  Bianco ;  Rosa 

Rossa 

At  no.  5,  H.  de  la  Grivola  (Dayn£), 
new 

Pontcellamot,  214,  217 
Pontcharra,  128,  187 

Do?nenjon  ;  Voyageurs 
Ponte  Grande,  526 

Albergo  al  Pontegrande 
Pontimia  Pass,  567 
Pontis,  Col  de,  35 
Ponton,  Sasse  de,  chalets,  284 
Ponts,  Les,  343 

Porco,  Col  del  Colour  del,  55,  57 
Pormenaz,  Pointe  Noire  de,  404 
Porsel,  Col,  66 
Porta,  Colle  della,  323 
Portalet,  385,  392 

Porte,  Croix  de  la,  397,  402  ;  Col  de, 

193  ;  Pas  de  la,  189 
Porte,  Col  delle,  66  ;  village,  71 
Portetta,  Col  de  la,  136 
Portettaz,  Dent,  242  ;  pass,  400 
Portette,  Col  delle,  16 
Portia,  Colli  della,  256-7 
Portiolette,  Col  de  la,  34 
Portjengrat,  547,  566  ;  pass,  569 
Portola,  Col  de,  428 
Pourri,  Col  du,  226,  249  ;  Mont,  225-7, 

248-50,  285,  292,  370 


Pourriac,  Col  de,  21,  33         -  ■ 
Pourrie,  Aiguille,  409 
Pourrieres,  73 
Poursollet  lake,  114 
Pousset,  pass  and  peak,  304-6 
Pousterle,  Col  de  la,  169-70 
Poyaz,  La,  382,  407 
Pozzoli  range,  570 

Pi- a,  Chiabott*.  del,  66,  69;  Colle 
•del,  298;  del  Torn o,  74  ;  Giordan, 
Col  de,  47  ;  Grand,  274 ;  La,  135  ; 
Le,  21 

At  no.  1,  good  little  mountain  Inn 
At  no.  6,  Chalet-Ho:eI}  built  by  the 
Isere  Section  of  the  French  Alpine 
Club,  and  kept  by  Couttet ;.  good 
little  mountain  inn 

At  no.  7,  Auberge  de  la  Gaieti 
(Madame  Martin),  simple 
Prabarno,  Col  de,  200 
Pradleves,  47 

Angelo,  very  fair 
Praforito,  Colle  di,  269 
!   Pragelas,  73 

Small  Inns 
I    Pralaire,  Pointe  de,  41.9  . 
j    Prali,  and  Col,  75-6  . 

The  Waldensian  pasieur  at  the 
hamlet  of  Ghigo  receives  strangers 
Pralognan,  241 ;  Mont  Blanc  de,  242 
H.  de   la    Grande    Casse    et  du 
Petit  Mont  Blanc  \  (Rolland),  new 
and   excellent ;   H.  .de  la  Vanoise 
(Favre),  now  not  good 
Pralong,  210 
Small  Inn 
Pramollo,  71 
Prangins  castle,  550 
Prapic,  171 
Praraye,  466-7 

Small  mountain  In?i,  poor;  another 
built  by  the  Cure"  of  Bionaz 
Prarion,  (1)  276,  (2)  368 

Inn  near  no.  2 
Pravourey  lake,  114 
Praz  de  Fort,  386,  393 
Prazfleury,  Col  de,  456. 
Prazzo,  45 

Scudo  di  Francia,  fair 
Pre*  de  Bar  chalets,  386  ;  glacier,  390 
Preja  Pass,  569 

Prelles,  Col  de,  170  ;  station,  180 
Pr£mol,  Chartreuse  and  Col,  134-5 
Pre'mou  glen,  240,  247 
Prequartera,  526 

Pr6s,  Col  des,  203  ;  les  Fonds,  Pic  des, 
118  ;  Nouveaux,  Col  des,  123  ;  Val 
des,  85 

Presset,  216 

Pressins,  195 


602 


INDEX 


Prestino,  568 

Grande  Albcrgo  Bognanco 
Preterier  huts,  473 
Preveyre,  Val,  60,  70 
Prioux  chalets,  242 
Prise  Nouvelle,  213 
Proveysieux,  194 

A  uberge  des  Grands  Gouziers 
Proz,  Cantine  de,  430 

Small  mountain  Inn 
Prunieres,  35,  181 
Pucelle,  Saut  de  la,  116 
Puget  Theniers,  22 

H.  de  la  Croix  de  Malte 
Pugnet  grotto,  263 

Puiseux,  M. ,  163,  503-4;  Pointe,  163; 

Refuge,  155,  163 
Pyramide,  Col  de  la,  127  ;  of  Pelvoux, 

162  ;  Pic  de  la,  131 


Quarazza,  Val,  531 
Quarna,  539 

Quart,  Alp,  275 ;  castle,  299 ;  Cime, 

273,  278-9  ;  Pont,  439 
Quatre  Seigneurs,  Montagne  des,  134 
Quec^es  de  Tignes,  245 
Queige,  213 

Small  Inn 
Queyras,  Chateau.,  60 

H.    des    Voyage urs  (We.  Boue), 
good  ;  H.  Puy-Cot,  fair 
Queyrellin  glen,  86 
Quirlies,  Col  des,  124,  127-8 


Rabious  glen,  171 
Rabuons,  peak  and  lakes,  20 
Rachais,  Mont,  112 
Bame,  Roche  de,  180 

H.  Reymond 
Banda,  495 

H.  VVeisskorn,  very  good 
Randoliera  glen,  62 
Ranzola,  Col  de  la,  531 
Raron,  556 
Rassa  glen,  533,  536 
Rateau,  pass  and  peak,  147-9 
Raus,  Col  de,  8 
Ravine,  La,  119-20 
Ravix  farmhouse,  112 
Rayes  Noires,  Col  des,  305 
Be,  Piano  del,  55 

Albergo  Alpino  (Genre),  tolerable 
mountain  inn,  and  civil  people 
Reale,  Col  deila,  309 
R£allon,  Col  and  glen,  171,  181 
Rechasse,  Pointe  de  la,  242 
Rechy  gorge,  485 
Recluse  glen,  292 


Recoin  gorge,  135 
Reculet,  332 
Redessau,  Mont,  471-3 
Regina,  Punta  della,  532 
Reine,  Ste.,  gien,  204 
Bemy,  St.,  (1),  91,  130,  132,  (2)  432; 
Col,  434 

At  no.  2,  H.  des  Alpes  Pennines, 
fair 
Renens,  550 

Renod,  pass  and  peak,  236 

Replat,  Tetes  du,  148 

Beposoir,   Chartreuse  du,  glen, 

210-1  ;  Pointe  Perc6e,  211,  325 
Small  Inn  at  Pralong,  near  the 
Convent 
Reuse  d'Arolla,  Col  de  la,  451 
Bevard,  Grand,  184 

2  Hotels  on  the  summit 
Bevel,  135 

Chez  Liaud,  tolerable  ;   chez  Ar- 
naud,  bad 
Bevello,  53 

Post  a  ;  Giardino  ;  Tre  Re 
Revielle  chalets,  227,  284 
Rey,  Crete  du,  217 
j    Reymond,  Villard,  115 
!   Reyssole  gorge,  36 
j    Reyvroz,  423 

;  Bhemes,  Col  and  glacier  de,  278-9  ; 
Notre  Dame  de,  281  ;  valley,  272, 
281 

At  Notre  Dame  there  is  a  small 
and  poor  Cantine,  while  the  Cure  is 
willing  to  receive  travellers 

Rhone  valley,  331,  420-1 

Ribel,  364 

Bibes,  Les,  170 

Inn  at  the  Mayor's  house 

Ribon  glen,  251-2  ;  Pic,  253 

Richardiere,  La,  178 

Riclaretto,  74-5 

Ried  Pass,  546 

Riedmatten,  Col  de,  455,  457 

Rieublanc  huts,  120-1 

Rif  du  Sap,  159 ;    Pic  and  ravine, 
165-6 

BiffeL  Alp,  and  Biffelberg,  498-9 
At  the  former  a  very  large  Hotel ; 
at  the  latter  a  smaller  and  simpler 
Hotel ;  both  very  well  kept  by  the 
Seiler  family 
Riffelhorn,  498-501 
Bima,  493,  535  ;  Col,  533 

Albergo  Tagliaferro,  good 
Bimasco,  533 

Inn,  fair,  though  rough 
Bimella,  538-9 

Albergo  delle  Alpi  (Fontana),  fair, 
but  not  cheap 


INDEX 


603 


Rimpfischhorn,  510,  545 
Rimplas,  19 

Rioubel  torrent,  39-40,  61 
Rioubrigoud  bridge,  194 
Riouperoux,  114 

Ripa  torrent,  67-8,  73,  77,  79,  82 
Ripaille,  419 

Riparia,  Dora,  67-8,  73,  77,  79-80,  94 

Riss,  Pas  de,  421,  425 

Risse  valley,  423 

Rissuolo  Pass,  530 

Ristolas,  59  ;  Col  de.  51 

Ritord,  430 

Ritort  chalets,  238-9 

Rivarolo,  319 

Biva  Valdobbia,  521 

Albergo  delle  Alpi  (Guglielmina), 
good 

Bivier  d'Allemont,  125,  132 

Chez  Sert  (Ferreol) 
Riviere  torrent,  60,  84 
Robert,  Lacs,  135 
Roburent,  Col  de,  33 
Roccasparvera,  31 
Roc,  Ponte  del,  255 
Rocce  huts,  270,  318 
Roccias  huts,  76 

Boche,  Beranger,  La,  135  ;  de  Kame, 
180  ;  des  Arnauds,  182  ;  Pas  de  la, 
234  ;  sur  Foron,  333 

At  no.  i,  Chalet-Hotel,  built  by 
the     Soci^te"     des     Touristes  du 
Dauphine" 
At  no.  2,  H.  Reymond 
At  no.  5,  Croix  Blanche  ;  Grcnette  ; 
Balances 
Rochebrune,  29,  79,  84,  119 
Rochechinard  castle,  125 
Rochefort,  Aiguille  de,  363 
Rochefoucauld-D'Enville,  Duke  de  la, 

339  H  ' 

Rochemelon,  97,  182,  250-3,  264  ;  Col, 
253 

Bochemolles,  100 

Rough  little  Inn 
Rochere,  Grande,  375-6,  433 
Roches,  Col  des,  (1),  229,  246,  (2),  249 
Rochetaill^e,  114,  132 
Bochette,  La,  (1)  129,  (2)  419 

At  no.    i,  Chez  Blanch  in;  chez 

Falquet 
Rocheure,  Col  de  la,  245-6 
Rochilles,  Col  des,  86,  119 
Rodoretto,  and  Col,  76-7 
'  Roese,'  306,  451,  503,  511 
Rognon,  Petit,  364 
Rognons,  Col  de,  169-70 
Rognosa,  Col  della,  102  ;  d'Etache, 

29,  89,  1 01-2  ;  de  Sestrieres,  29,  67 

73 


Boi,  Maison  du,  61 

Inn 

Roisebanque,  306 

Roisonne  glen,  175 

Roja  valley,  (1)4,  9,  (2)  19-20 

Roletta,  Mont,  317 

Bolle,  550 

Tete     Noire ;    Croix  Fide" rale ; 
Buffet 
Rolletta,  381 

Romanche  valley,  113-7,  138,  146,  149, 

156, 162,  183 
BomagnarLO,  522 

Posta 

Romean,  Colombano,  103 
Ronce,  Pointe  de,  229,  251,  264 
Bonco,  310-1 

Albergo  della  Regina 
Ronde,  Tour,  pass  and  peak,  367,  376 
Boquebilliere,  14 

H.  de  Fra?ice,  bad 
Rora,  66 

Rosa,  Monte,  peaks  of,  497,  503-6, 
525-6,  560-1  ;  range  of,  491-2, 
541"2 

Rosa  Blanche,  Pointe  de,  440,  456 

Roselend,  glen  and  pass,  215 

Rosets  chalets,  233 

Rosolin  glacier,  243 

Rossa,  Becca  Costa,  6  ;   Cima  della 

Rocca,  20  ;  Croce,  257,  259-60,  264  ; 

Guglia,  87 ;    Lago,  257  ;    Col  des 

N6vi  de  la,  429,  436  ;  Punta,  305 
Rossane,  Dent  de,  200 
Rossbodenhorn  and  -joch,  559,  564-5 
Rosses,  Dents  des,  477 
Rosset,  Col,  317 
Rotarius  d'Asti,  252 
Rothhom,  Ober  and  Unter,  502  ;  Pass, 

564  ;  Zinal,  482,  508-9 
Roua,  Col  de  la,  22 
Roubion  glen,  19 
Roue,  Colde  la,  98 

Rouge,  Aiguille,  (1)  87,  (2)  250;  Col, 
237-8 ;  Muraille,  Col  de  la,  310  ; 
Col  du  Mont,  454  ;  Col  de  la  Coste, 
154;  Mont,  d'Arolla,  461;  Mont, 
de  Gi^troz,  454  ;  Roc,  291 

Rouges,  Aiguilles,  d'Arolla,  456,  463  ; 
Aiguilles,  de  Chamonix,  348,  407  ; 
Aiguilles,  du  Dolent,  389  ;  Crete 
des  Boeufs,  154,  167  ;  Col  des  Eaux, 
310  ;  Rochers,  352,  354  ;  Col  des 
Terres,  84 

Rouget,  Tete  du,  145  ;  waterfall,  402 

Roui  glen,  44 

Rouies,  peak  and  pass,  137,  142,  157 
Rous,  Passo  del,  74 
Rouss,  Mont,  471 
Roussa,  Colle  della,  72 


604 


INDEX 


Rousse,  Grande  Aiguille,  220,  251, 
264,  271,  276 ;  Petite  Aiguille,  271 ; 
Balme,  Pointe  de,  145  ;  Combe, 
Col  de,  133  ;  Grande,  283  ;  Pointe, 
(1)  291,  (2)  396 ;  Tete,  356,  and 
glacier,  368 

Rousseau,  186 

Rousses,  Grandes,  109,  in,  115,  124, 
126-8  ;  Breche  des,  127  ;  plateaux, 
126-7 

Roussette,  La,  461 

Routhennes,  204 

Roux,  Le,  76,  82 

Rovella,  Cima  della,  537 

R ovine,  Col  and  glen,  11-12 

Royannais,  177-9 

Pont  en  Hoyans,  179 
IL  Bonnard  ;  H.  de  la  Truite  Fraiche 

Ruan,  Mont,  402,  409,  412,  414 

Rubiana,  257 

Rubren,  Grand,  29-30,  38,  50,  64 
Ruchere,  Col  de  la,  194-5 
Ruilles  hamlet,  83 

Ruine,  Grande,  137,  142,  150 ;  Col,  149 

Ruines,  Breche  de,  51,  59;  Col  de,  51 

Ruinette,  441,  449,  455,  463 

Ruph,  St.,  glen,  205 

Rutor,  glen,  287-8  ;  group,    286-92  ; 

lake,  289  ;  Tete,  287-90 
Rutorines  waterfalls,  288 


Saas,  493,  524-5,  540;  grat,  509,  542  ; 
pass  and  peak,  569-70 

Saas  Fee,  543 

H,  du  Dom  ;  Grand  Hotel ;  Grand 
H.  Saas-Fee,  all  in  the  same  hands 
(same  owners  as  the  H.  de  la  Poste  at 
Visp)  ;  //.  Saas-Fee,  smaller  (same 
owner  as  the  H.  des  Alpes  at  Visp) 

Saas  Grund,  540 

//.  du  Mont  Moro 

Sabbione,  Col  del,  8,  12 

Sablat,  Col  du  Grand,  124,  127-8 

Sables,  Les,  114 

Sabiunin  plain,  257 

Sabot,  Col  du,  125-6 

Sache,  Dome  de  la,  248-9 

Sachere,  Col  de  la,  286 

Sachette,  Col  de  la,  226,  248 

Sacripante  spring,  62 

Sacro  Monte ;  Orta,  561 ;  Varallo,  522 

Sagerou,  Col  de,  411 

Sagne,  Grande,  pass  and  peak,  152 

Sagnette,  Passo  delle,  62,  64-5 

Saintine,  Xavier  de,  72 

Saisies,  Col  des,  212,  214 

Saix  gorge,  225 

Salanfe,  383,  408,  416-7 
Two  small  Inns 


Salantin,  Dent  du,  417 
Salarioli  Pass,  570 
Salassi,  299 
Salbertrand,  94 

Albergo  Grande,  near  station 
Sale,  Bee  de,  471 

Saleinaz,  Club  hut,  385-6,  388,  393  ; 

Fenetre,  388,  392 
Salenton,  Col  de,  406-7 
Sales,  St.  Francois  de,  208,  338  ;  glen, 

200,  203 
Saleses,  Col  de,  16 
Salette,  La,  175-6 
Saleve,  332 
Salins,  239-40 

H.  des  Bains 
Sallanche  stream,  383,  408,  417 
Sallanch.es,  334 

Mont  Blanc  ;  Messageries  ;  Chalet 

Suisse 

Salle,  La,  peak,  441  ;  village,  294 
At  the  latter,  H.  des  Voyageurs 
Salles  glen,  397,  400  ;  Pointe,  403 
Sallieres,  Tour,  409,  414,  417  ;  Col,  417 
Salsa  Morena  huts,  21 
Salse,  Champ  de,  76-7 
Saltine  torrent,  556-7 
Saluzzo,  49 

Corona  Grossa,  good  ;  Gallo 
Saluzzo,  Louis  II.  of,  58 
Salvadon  huts,  402 
Salvagny,  403 
Salvan,  383,  395 

H.   de  Salvan  et  des  Gorges  du 

Triege  ;  Grand  Hotel;  H.  Bellevue  ; 

Pension   de   V  Union  ;    Pension  de 

V  Espdrance  (at  Marecottes)  and  very 

many  others 
Saiza,  Furka,  517  ;  Mont,  38  ;  village, 

76-7 

Sambet,  Pointe  de,  402 
Sambuco,  32 
Samoens,  396,  424 

Croix  d'  Or  ;  Commerce 
Sampeyre,  49 

Posta  ;  Angelo 
Sana,  Pointe  de  la,  229,  245-6,  276 
Sanfront,  53 

Albergo  Torinese ;  Italia;  Croce 
Bia?ica  ;  Rosa  Ross  a 
Sangone  glen,  71 

Sanguiniere,  Col  de,  23  ;  Tete  de,  2 
Sans  Nom,  Pic,  and  Petit  Pic,  163 
Santanel,  Col  de,  309 
Saorge,  8 

Sappey  Le,  (1)  193,  (2)  238 

At  no.  i,  H.  des  Touristes,  much 
improved  recently 
Saracens,  95,  429,  540 
Sarennes  glacier,  127 


INDEX 


605 


Sarre  castle,  295 

Sassa,  Col  de,  451 

Sassenage,  179 
H.  des  C uves 

Sasseneire,  459,  486 

Sassiere,  chalets  and  lake,  275,  280  ; 
Col,  (1)  284,  (2)  286  ;  de  Ste.  Foy,  226, 
272,  284,  286,  291  ;  Grande, 227,  272, 
276,  278,  280-1  ;  Petite,  284 

Sassolenda  glen,  533 

Satarma,  Dent  and  hamlet,  460-1 

Sauce,  Col  de  la,  215-6,  370 

Saulces,  Col  des,  237 

Saume,  Col  de  la,  98  ;  Pointe,  40 

Saussaz,  chalets  and  peaks,  12 1-2 

Sausse  chalets,  (1)  234,  (2)  235 

Saussure,  M.  de,  251,  327,  337,  339, 
351-2,  364-5,  374,  405,  495,  511,  525 

Satit  chalets,  237  ;  des  Francais,  15 

Sautron,  Col  de,  34,  46 

Sauvage,  Cime  du  Grand,  124 

Sauveur,  St.,  19 

H.  Wiard,  good  and  moderate 

Sauvours,  Rocs,  88 

Sauze  de  C6sanne,  73,  77,  82  ;  d'Oulx, 
73 

Savaranche,  Val,  316-7 
Savigliano,  49 

Savine  chalets,  90  ;  glen,  101-2,  104-6 
Savines,  181 

Savoy  partly  neutralised,  198-9 
Savoyat,  Mont,  124 

Saxe,  Baths  of  JLa,  312  ;  Mont,  375 

At  the  former,  Etablissement  des 
Bains ;  H.  du  Mont  Blanc 
Saxel,  Col  de,  410,  422 
Saxon,  554 

Grand  Hotel  des  Bains ;  H.  de  la 
Pierre  a  Voir,  near  the  station 
Saxony,  Berold  of,  91 
Says,  pass  and  peak,  154 
Scale,  Ponte  delle,  262 
Scaletta,  pass  and  peak,  33,  46 
Schallberg  Refuge,  558 
Schallbett  Refuge,  558 
Schallijoch,  484 
Schienhorn  Pass,  567 
Schonbiihl,  478 
Schwarzhorn,  (1)  489,  (2)  506 
Schwarzsee,  501 

Hotel  (Seiler),  good 
Schwarzthor,  514 
Scionzier,  211 
Sciossa,  Bee  de  la,  450 
Scolette,    Aiguille   de,  28-9,  89,  99- 

100,  102 
Scop  a,  520 

Albergo  Topini 
Scopello,  521 

Several  Inns 


Sea,  Col  de,  266  ;  Ghicet  de,  258  ;  glen, 

266  ;  Bianca,  Col  de,  66 
Seche,  Col  de  Chaz,  301  ;  Col  de  Crete, 

45° 

Se  chili  enne,  113 

H.  du  Petit  Versailles  (Boissac), 
poor 
Seez,  292 
Segnara  glen,  439 

Segure  glen,  59  ;  Col  du  Fond  de,  52 

Seguret  Foran,  Col  de,  165 

Seigne,  Col  de  la,  539 

Seigneurs,  Montague  des  Quatre,  134 

Seiler  family,  495-6 

Seilon,    Col  de,   454-5,   457 ;  Mont 

Blanc  de,  441,  449,  454-5,  463 
Seiran,  Col,  74 
Seiva  glen,  317,  320,  322 
Sele\  pass  and  peak,  154 
Sella  family,  536  ;   Punta,   471,  513  ; 

village,  537 
Sellar,  Col  du,  166-7 
Selle  glacier,  147-8 ;    glen,  167,  169 ; 

gorge,  147 
Sellettes,  Col  des,  159 
Sembrancher,  428 

Croix 
Semnoz,  201 

Large  Hotel,  near  the  summit 
Seng  glen,  559,  563 
Sengies  group,  311 
Sengla,  La,  451 
Sept  Laux,  131 

Chalet-Hotel  (kept  by  Baroz),  built 

by  the  Soci^te"  des  Touristes  du  Dau- 

phine"  ;  fair  little  mountain  inn 
'  SeYacs,'  364 
Serena,  Col,  435 
Serenne,  Col  and  village,  36,  40 
Serey,  Bee  de,  440 
Sermenza,  Val,  533 
Serpentine,  pass  and  peak,  453 
Serra,  La,  moraine,  535 
Serrand,  Pont,  294 
Serraval,  Col  de,  206 
Serre,  Col  de,  291 
Sertz,  Grand,  315-6 
Seru,  Rocche  del,  88 
Servagno,  Col  de,  32-3,  45 
Servoz,  336 

H.  des  Gorges  de  la  Diosaz 
Sesia,  Borgo,  522,  537  ;  joch,  519 ; 

Val,  521-2 

At  no.  1,  Albergo  Gran  Bretagna  ; 

Albergo  Reale 
Sesto  Calende,  563 
Sestriere,  peak,  25 

Sestrieres,  Col  de,  73  ;  glen,  20-1  ; 
Rognosa,  29,  67,  73 
On  no.  1,  Inn  (the  Baraccone) 


6o6 


INDEX 


Settenez,  205-6 

Settimo  Vittone,  298 

Seuil,  Haut  du,  188  ;  Plan  du,  125 

Severaisse  glen,  156-9 

Sevoliere  chalets,  248-9 

Se>reu,  Col  de,  440,  456 

Sevrier,  201,  207 

Seylieres,  Col  de,  56,  59,  66 

Seyssinet,  112 

Seytroux,  424 

Sex,  Notre  Dame  du,  553  ;  Porte  du, 
420 

Sia,  Colle  della,  322 
Sibolet,  Col  de,  45,  47 
Sierre,  555 

H.  Bellevice,  good  ;  H.  Terminus, 
new,  at  the  station  ;  H.  de  la  Poste 
Sierroz  stream,  200 
Sigismond,  Emperor,  429 
Signal.  Le,  551 
Signal  e\  Pic,  40 
Signalkuppe,  505 
Signori,  Col  dei,  7 
Silbersattel,  504-5 
Silvius,  Mons,  507,  511 
Simeli  Pass,  565 
Simler,  230 
Simon,  Col  St.,  42 

Simplon,4i8,  548-9,557-60;  village, 
559 

On  the  pass,  Hospice,  accommo- 
dation poor.  In  the  village,  H.  de 
la  Poste,  good ;  H.  Fletschhorn,  fallen 
off ;  Croix  Blanche 

Siolane,  Grande,  25 

Sion,  555 

H.  de  la  Poste;  H.  du  Midi; 
Pension  des  Maye?is  de  Sion,  at  the 
hamlet  of  that  name,  above  the  city 

Sirac,  158,  171-2 

Siruol,  Pointe  de,  13 

Sirwolten  Pass,  565 

Sismonda,  Signal,  301 

Sisteron,  181 
H.  Lachaud 

Six  Jeur,  383 

Sixt,  395,  400-1 ;  St.  Jean  def  209 

At  the  former,  H.  du  Per  a  Cheval, 
good 
Soana,  Val,  310-1 
Soches  huts,  281 
Soera,  Val,  311 
Soleil,  Porte  du,  414,  425 
Solliette,  Pointe  de,  251 
Som,  Grand,  190,  193  ;  Petit,  188 
Sometta,  Gran,  512,  527 
Somma,  Gran,  98 

Sommeiller,  Monsieur,  93,  396  ;  pass 

and  peak,  102-3 
Sonadon,  pass  and  peak,  447 


Sonnant  glen,  134 

Sonnighorn,  569 

Sorba  glen,  537 

Sorda,  Comba,  toirent,  289 

Sorebois,  Col  de,  486 

Soreiller  glen,  140 

Sorlin,  St.,  d'Arves,  glacier,  126-8 

Sort,  Col  de,  317 

Sospel,  9 

H.  Carenco,  good 
Soubeyran,  Pres,  lake,  41 
Souffles,  Pic  des,  176 
Soufre,  Pas  du,  237 
Soule,  Colle,  258 
Soulieres  chalets,  52,  62 
Souloise  glen,  177 
Soureillan,  155,  163 
Soustra,  Col  de,  51 
Spahnhorn,  571 
Sparone,  319 
Staffel  Alp,  479,  501 

Small  Inn 
Stalden.,  494  ;  joch,  540 

H.  Stalden,  good  (same  owners  as 
the  Poste  at  Visp,  and  the  three  chief 
Hotels  at  Saas  Fee) 
Stavel,  518 
Stella,  Monte,  n 
Stellihorn,  490 

Stockalper  family,  420,  557,  559 

Stockhorn,  500 

Stockje,  478 

Stoffelberg,  521 

Strahlhorn,  545 

Stresa,  563 

H.  des  lies  Borrome'es,  and  several 
others 
Strona,  Val,  539 
Stroppia,  Col  de,  45 
Stroppo,  45 

Corona  Grossa  ;  Croce  Bianca 
Stura  :  di  Demonte,  31  ;  d'Ala,  262-3  ; 
di  Lanzo,  255,  268;  di  Valgrande, 
266-7  ;  di  Viu,  254-5 
Sucre,  Pain  de,  (1)  51,  (2)  375,  (3)  432 
Siidlenzspitze,  547 
Suessa,  Becca  di,  284 
Sulpice,  St.,  195 
Sure,  Grande,  190 
Susa,  97 

No  good  Inn 
Susanfe,  cirque  of,  412,  415  ;  Col,  415 
Susse  plain,  303 
Susten,  556 

H.  de  la  Souste,  at  the  station, 
good 


Tabachetti,  the  sculptor,  522 
Tabuc  glen,  165 


INDEX 


607 


Tabuchet  glacier,  144 

Tachuy,  pass  and  peak,  289,  291 

Taconnaz  glacier,  350,  354 

Tacul,  Aiguille  du,  363  ;  Mont  Blanc 

du,  350,  357 
Tagliaferro,  533 
Taillante,  Roche,  52,  59 
Taill£e,  Pierre,  ravine,  294 ;  Roche, 

114,  132 
Taillefer,  11 2-3 
Tairraz,  Jean,  300 
Talefre,  Col  de,  366  ;  glacier,  342 
Tallard,  182 
Talloires,  207 

H.  de  I '  Abb  aye  ;  H.  Beausite  ;  H. 

Bellevue 
Talon,  Col  du,  23 
Tamie\  Col  de,  205-6 
Tanay  lake,  420-1 

Inn  (pension  4-7  francs) 
Taninges,  396,  424 
Balances 

Tanneverge,  Col  de,  401,  409  ;  Col  de, 
du  Buet,  410  ;  Pointe  de,  401-2,  409, 
412 

Tarentaise,  the,  221-5 

Tasch,  Alp,  544;  horn,  :  510,  543; 
village,  495 

Small  Inn  on  no.  1 

Tauretunum,  420 

Tave\  Grand,  441,  445 

Tavernettes,  Les,  96 

H.  de  V Ancienne  Poste 

Telchenhorn,  518 

Teleccio,  Col  de,  312 

Temple,  pass  and  peak,  109,  153 

Tenaison  hut,  194 

Tencin,  130-1,  187 
H.  Flachat 

Tenda,  Col  de,  2,  4-8  ;  village,  7 ; 
San  Dalmazzo  di,  7 

At  the  village  H.  National  is  the 
best ;  at  S.  Dalmazzo  there  is  an  ex- 
cellent Stabilimento 

Tendre,  Mont,  332 

Tepey  glen,  133-4 

Termignon,  95,  244 

H.  du  Lion  d'Or,  good 

Termine,  Col  del,  535 

Tersiva,  295,  299,  306 

Tesso  valley,  255-6 

Tetafayaz,  479-80 

Tetes,  Col  des,  35 

Thabor,  Col  du,  88-9 ;  Mont,  29,  79, 

88-9  ;  Pic  du,  188 
Thalihorn,  567 
Thalliboden  glacier,  541 
Th.eod.ule,  St.,  pass  and  peak,  493, 

510-2 
Hotel  on  the  pass 


Theys,  129,  131 

H.  Moreynas  ;  H.  Payerne 
Thiervoz,  Grand,  130 
Thoiry,  203 

Chez  Packoud 
Thomas,  family,  552  ;  Prince,  Camp 

of,  294 
Thones,  198,  209 

H.  de  Planpalais ;  H.  du  Midi 
Thonon,  419 

Grand  H.  des  Bains  ;  H.  de  V Eu- 
rope ;  H.  de  France  ;  and  others 
Thorame  Haute,  24 

H.  Roux 
Thorant,  death  of  M.,  140 
Thorens,  chalets  and  Col,  235-6  ;  glen, 
208 

Thoula  glen,  433 

Thouviere,  Pas  de  la,  227,  245,  274 
Thovez,  294 
Thuile,  La,  204 

H.  Veillet 
Thuille,  La,  294  ;  de  Ste.  Foy,  226 

At  no.  1,  H.  National,  good,  de- 
spite its  outward  appearance 
Thumel,  281 
Thures,  Col  des,  86 
Thuria,  Col  and  Mont,  248-9 
Thiirle  Passes,  530,  535 
Thurres,  Col  de,  82-3  ;  stream,  79 
Thuy,  209 

Tiefenmatten  glacier,  478  ;  joch,  470 
Ti£our£,  Col  du,  41 
Tiers  torrent,  196 

Tignes,  227  ;  lake,  247  ;  Quec^es  de, 
245 

At  the  village  H.  Rivial  (David), 
or  H.  dti  Club  Alfiin  (in  a  side 
street)  is  better  than  that  of  Rivial 
(Florentin)  or  the  H.  des  Touristes 
(on  the  Place) 

Tignet,  215 

Tigny,  86 

Tinee,    St.  Etienne    de,  4,   20 ; 

valley,  18-21 

At  St.  Etienne,  H.  de  France, 
good.  Two  Inns  at  the  station  of 
La  Tin£e 

Tines,   Les,    gorge,    395-6  ;  village, 
215-6 

Tinibras,  Mont,  20,  32 
Tirequoy,  132 

Toillies,  Tete  des,  29-30,  38,  42,  50 

Tola,  Bella,  480 

Ton,  Passo  del,  570 

Tondu,  pass  and  peak,  378 

Tonini,  ascents  by  Signor,  259-60  ;  Col 

and  peak,  261 ;  death  of,  104 
Torches  Becca,  515,  519,  532 
Torches,  Cime  des,  124 


6o8 


INDEX 


Torgnon,  476 

Restaurant  Vesan 
Torno,  Pra  del,  74 
Tornetti  glen,  258 

Torre,  Col  della,  322  ;  Val  della,  257 
Torre  Pellice,  68 

H.  de  I' Ours,  good 
Torrent,  Col  de,  485  ;   Finestra  del, 

283  ;  glacier,  283  ;  Val,  480,  485 
Torrents,  Trois,  413,  425 

H.  de  Trois  Torrents ;  H.  de  la 

Com?nune 
Tosa  river,  560 
Tossiet  glen,  54,  66 
Touet  de  Beuil,  22 

H.  Latty,  near  the  station,  good 
Touilles,  aqueduct  and  glen,  103 
Tounot,  lake  and  peak,  480,  487-8 
Tour,  Aiguille  de  la,  345,  353 
Tour,  Le,  381  ;  Aiguille  and  Col  du, 

391  ;  Fenetre,  du  392 
Tourettes,  Col  des,  171 
Tournairet,  13 

Small  Cantine  at  the  Brasque  huts, 

\  hr.  below  the  summit 
Tournalin,  Grand,  pass  and  peak,  513, 

528 

Tournanche,  513  ;  Colde,  512  ;  valley 
and  village,  513 

At  the  latter,  H.  du  Mont  Rose, good 
Tourne,  Col  de  la,  248 
Tournette,  La,  206-7,  209 
Tourniquet,  Le,  170 
Tournoux  fort,  34,  36 
Tourond  huts,  173 
Tours,  Grandes,  25 
Touvet,  Le,  188 

H.  du  Gra?id  St.  Jacques 
Trabuech  glen,  178,  182 
Tracuit,  Alp  and  Col,  481,  488 
Trajo,  Col  de,  301,  315  ;  glacier,  305-7 
Traversella,  297 
Traverses,  Les,  73 

Rose  Rouge 
Traversette,  Col  de,  292  ;  Col  de  la, 

and  peak,  48,  58,  64 
Traversiere,  Grande,  282  ;  Pointe  de  la, 

272,  278,  281 
Tredici  Laghi,  74 
Tre  Lajet,  Colie  dei,  258 
Tre  Vescovi,  Punta,  533 
Treicol  glen,  215-7 
Trelaporte,  343 

Trelatete,  Aiguille  de,  372,  377  ;  Col  de, 

378  ;  glacier,  377 
Trelod,  Mont,  200-2 
Trem,  Passo  del,  8 
Tr^minis,  178 
Tr£sanne,  178 
Tresenta,  321-2. 


Trephine  hut,  217 
Treuil,  Tour  du,  128 
Tr£vignin,  201 

Tribulation  glacier,   296,  307 ;  Tete, 

304.  3I4-  321 
Tribulazione,  Becchi  della,  313 
Tricot,  Col  de,  369,  379 

Small  Inn  on  the  Col,  opened  in 

1898 

Triege  glen,  408,  418  ;  gorges,  383 
Trient,  Col,  382,  392  ;    glacier  and 

village,  383  ;  gorges,  554  ;  Plateau, 

391  ;  torrent,  381-2 

At  the  village,  H.  du  Glacier  du 

Trient;  H.  des  Alpes 
Trieves,  177,  183 

Trift,  Alp,  540,  563-5  ;  gorge,  501  ; 

joch,  483 

Above  the  Alp,  H.  du  Weissmies, 
fair  little  mountain  inn 
In  no.  2,  two  Inns 
Trillat,  129 

Trinity,  La,  see  Gressoney 
Triolet,  Aiguille  de,  362  ;  Col,  366 
Trione,  Colle  di,  258 
Triquent,  383 

H.  du  Mont  Rose  ;  H.  de  la  Dent 
du  Midi 

Trois,  Dents  d'Ambin,  29,  89,  101, 
105  ;  du  Pelvoux,  163  ;  Eveche's,  (1) 
24,  35,  (2)  116-7,  120;  Eveiques, 
Rocher  des,  1,  21,  34;  Freres,  437; 
Freres  Mineurs,  Col,  81  ;  Pointes, 
Col  des,  120  ;  Torrents,  413,  425 
At  the  last,  H.  de  Trois  Torrents 

Troncea  glen,  67,  73,  77 

Tronchet,  Col,  40 

Troncone  glen,  570-1 

Trucco  chalets,  253,  256 

Truche,  Col  de,  291 

Tsalende,  Col  de  Pian,  305 

Tsanteleina,  272-3,  275-6,  278,  280-1  ; 
Col,  278,  280 

Tuckett,  Col,  165 

Tuf,  Punta  del,  315 

Tunnels,  7,  29,  48,  58,  89,  92-3,  103, 
119,  191,  194-5,  208 

Turbat,  pass  and  peak,  176 

Turc,  Breche  Joseph,  146 

Turin,  94 

Grand  Hotel  de  Turin,  opposite 
the  station,  good  ;  Angleterre ,  good  ; 
and  others 

Turlo  Pass,  530  ;  Little,  535 

Turtmann,  glacier  and  glen,  488-9, 
491  ;  village,  556 

At  the  latter,  Soleil ;  Poste 

Twins,  507,  515 

Tyndall,  Prof.,  341,  507,  509  ;  Pic,  508 
Tzouss,  Croix  de,  430 


INDEX 


609 


Ubaye,  valley,  29,  34-44  ;  village,  35 

Ubayette,  valley,  334 

Ugines  and  Fontaines,  206,  211 

At  Ugines,  H.  Joguet ;  H.  Pon- 
tenier 

At  Fontaines,  H.  Carrin 
Uje,  Colle  delle,  311 
Ulrichshorn ,  547 
Unghiasse,  Colle,  268 
Uorao  Storto,  Passo  dell',  530 
Uriage,  134 

Grand  Hotel ;  H.  du  Cercle ;  H. 

Monnet ;  H.  du  Rocher ;  and  many 

others 
Urina,  Col  dell',  70 
Urnasch,  560 
Useigne,  459 
Usseaux,  72 
Usseglio,  255 

Albergo  Cibrario,  at  the  hamlet  of 

Corteviccio,  poor 
Ussellettes  glacier,  289 
Ussolo,  46 
Utelle,  14 

H.  National,  poor 
Utrecht,  Treaty  of,  34-5,  49,  71,  94 


Vaccera,  Col  della,  74 

Vache,  Col  de  la,  (1)  132,  (2)  272,  277 

Vacheresse,  421,  425 

Croix 
Vachette,  La,  81 
Vachier,  Puy,  lake,  116,  148 
Vailly,  423 
Vaire  river,  21,  24 

Valaisan,  Mont,  291,  293  ;  Pas  du,  303 
Valasco,  10,  16 ;  Col  de,  16 
Valaverta,  Passo  di,  570 
Valbonnais,  174 

H.  Dussert,  fair 
Valcournera,  Col  de,  471-2 
Valdeblore,  14 

At  the  La  Bolline  hamlet,  H.  de 
France  (I card),  bad  and  dirty 
Valdieri,  Baths  of,  10 

Stabilimento,  good 
Valdieri,  town  of,  9 

Corona  Grossa 
Valdigne,  294 

Val  d'Isere,  228,  273-6;  Dome  de, 
273-4 

//.  Moris,  good  little  mountain  inn 
Valdobbia,  Col  de,  532  ;  Biva,  521 

At  Riva,  Albergo  delle  Alpi  (Gug- 
lielmina),  good 
Valduggia,  537 

Valeille,  glacier  and   glen,  296,  304, 
312 

Valefroide,  Col  de,  188,  194 


'   Valentine  glen,  424 
j   Valette,  Col  de  la,  124 ;  La,  175 
I   Valgaudemar,  146,  156-9,  162,  166 
!   Valgelaye,  Col  de,  25 

Valjouffrey,  146,  160,  175-6 

In  the  two  latter  cases,  see  Chapelle, 
La 

Vallais,    spelling   of  the  name,  555 ; 
Port,  552 

Vallante,  Col  de,  30,  52-3,  63-4;  Viso 

di,  59,  62,  100 
Valletta,  La,  10,  15 ;  Col,  (1)  17,  32, 

(2)  77,  (3)  257  ;  Punta,  254 
Vallette,  Col  de  la,  19 
Valloire,  119;  Col  de,  133 

Chez  Giraud  (a  la  Jeune  France), 

poor  ;  chez  Rambaud 
Valloirette  torrent,  119 
Vallon,  Abbaye  de,  423  ;  Breche  du, 

139;    Cime  du,    159-60;    Cime  du 

Grand,  (1)  99,  (2)  100 
Vallonet,  Col  du,  20,  32  ;  Le,  122,  124  ; 

Pointe  de,  229 
Vallonetto,  Colle,  47  ;  Sagna  del,  256 
Vallonnet,  Col  du,  34 
Vallonpierre,  Col  de,  171 
Vallorcine,  382 

H.  du  Buet 
Vallot,  hut,  355;  maps  by  MM.,  330, 

348,  407-8 
Vallouise,  137,  146,  161-2  ;  Ville,  162 
At    the    Ville,    H.    des  Ecrins 

(Lagier)  ;  H,  d ' Ailefroide  (Rolland, 

owner  of  the  inn  at  Ailefroide) ;  II. 

du  Mont  Pelvoirx  (Gauthier) 
Valmasca,  8 
Valmeinier  and  Col,  89 
Valnontey,  296,  304,  314;  Col  de,  314, 

321 ;  Tete  de,  304 
Valpelline,  Col  de,  464,  469  ;  valley, 

458,  465-8  ;  village,  466 

At  the  village,  Lion  d'Or;  Croix 

Blanche 
Valplane,  Tete  de,  265 
Valprato,  309 

At  the  Corzonera  hamlet,  Stani- 

becco 

Valscura  lakes,  10,  16 
Valsenestre,  146,  161,  176;  Breche 
de,  161 

At   the  village,  chez  Blanc-Vial \ 
poor 

Valsorey,  Col  de,  and  glen,  436-7 
Valtournanche,  513 

H.  du  Mont  Rose,  good 
Van  huts,  417 

Vanoise,  Aiguille  de  la,  243  ;  Col,  243- 

4  ;  glacier,  241 
Vanzone,  526 

Albergo  del  Cacciatvri 

R  R 


6io 


INDEX 


Var  valley,  2,  17,  21-3  ;  sources,  23 
Varaita,  Val,  49-53 
Varallo,  522 

H.  d  Italia  (Guglielmina) ,  excel- 
lent ;  Posta  ;  Croce  Bianca 
Varappe,  Aiguille  de  la,  392-3 
Varbuche  huts,  234 
Varelios  glen,  19 
Varens,  Aiguille  de,  335,  398 
Varia,  Val,  566 
Varlossiere,  Col  de  la,  234 
Vars,  Col  de,  30,  39 
Varzo,  560 

Chez  Zanalda  ;  chez  Gentinetta 
Vasevay,  Col  de,  440,  456 
Vassu,  Gouille  a,  436-7 
Vaudagne,  335 
Vaudaine,  114 

Vaudet  chalets,  281,  283  ;  Col  de,  284 
Vaudru,  402 
Vaujany,  126 

Chez  Jacquemet 
Vaulnaveys,  134 
Vaunoire  glen,  175 
Vaure,  Col  de  la,  176 
Vautisse,  Tete  de,  168,  170 
Vaxivier,  157 
Vedettes  du  Rutor,  287-8 
Vedro  valley,  557,  559 
Vefrette,  Col  de,  246 
Veisivi,   Col  de,   461,   477  ;  Grande 

Dent,  462,  477 
Velan,  Mont,  426,  430,  432,  437-8 
Venanson,  13 
Venaria  Reale,  256-7 
Venasea,  49 

Rosa  Ross  a  ;  Italia 
Venaus,  96 
Vence,  Col  de,  194 

Auberge  de  la  Chapel  le 
V6n£on  valley,  138-40 
Veni,  Val,  372 
Venoni,  Rocher,  260 
Venose,  138,  147 

In  the  village,  chez  Balme,  poor  ; 
on  the  high  road,  at  Bourg  d'Arud, 
chez  Giraud 
Vens  glen,  21 
Ventebrun,  23 
Venthon,  213 
Ventimiglia,  9 

Vents,  Col  and  Signal  des  Grands,  397 
Veran,  St.  Baisse  de,  8  ;  Col  de,  50  ; 
village,  42-3 

At  the  latter,  Hotel  Fine,  fair 
Vercors,  177-9 
Verdon  valley,  2,  17,  24-5 
Verdona,  Col  de,  473 
Verdonne,  Col  and  Pic  de,  168-9 
Vergia,  Punta,  77 


Vermenagna  valley,  5 
Vermilion,  Col  de,  21 
Vernayaz,  394,  554 

H.  des  Gorges  du  Trient,  good 
Vernaz,  Col  de,  421,  425 
Verney,  Le,  95  ;  lake,  294 

At  the  former,  on  the  high  road, 
H.  de  la  Croix  Blanche,  poor  and 
dear 

V£rolliaz  chapel,  553 
Verra  Pass,  515 
Verres,  298 

Italia  ;  Scudo  di  Francia 
Verriere,  La,  402,  404 
Vers,  Col  de,  46 
Versoye  torrent,  215,  292-3,  371 
Verte,  Aiguille,  349,  361-2,  388 
Vertosan  glen,  294 
Very,  Col  de,  212,  214 
Vescovi,  Punta  Tre,  533 
Vessona,  Col  de,  474 
Vesubie,  river,  4 ;  station,  14,  18  ; 
St.  Martin,  13  ;  valley,  14-5 
At  no.  2,  Inn 

At  no.  3,  H.  des  Alpes,  always 
open ;    Pension  Anglo- Amdricaine, 
open  in  summer 
Vevey,  551 

Grand  Hotel,  outside  the  town  ;  H. 
Monnet  or  Trois  Couronnes,  good  ; 
H.  du  Lac;   H.  du  Chateau;  H. 
Mooser ;  and  many  others 
Vex,  459 

Veymont,  Grand,  178 

Veynes  junction,  177,  180,  182 

Buffet 

Veyrier,  332  ;  Montagne  de,  208 

H.  Beausejour 
Veyton  glen,  132-3 
Vial,  pass  and  peak,  22 
Vico  Canavese,  297 

Corona  Grossa  ;  Universo 
Vieille,  Alpe,  290  ;  Ville,  60 

At  the  latter,  EUphant,  fair  ; 
Meyer 

Vieux,  Col,  51 ;  Col  du,  411 
Vieyes,  300 

Cantine  des  Voyageurs 
Vieze  valley,  413,  425-6 
Vif,  183 

Union 
Vigne  glacier,  520,  528 
Vignerons,  Abbaye  des,  551 
Villanova,  69 

Villar,  49  ;  Pelliee,  68  ;  Perosa,  71 

At  no.  2,  Abrard ;  Garibaldi 

At  no.  3,  Rosa  Rossa 
Villard  de  Pralognan,  240 
Villards  glen,  91,  126,  132-4,  232 
Villarly,  233,  235 


INDEX 


611 


Villarodin,  99 
Villaroger,  226,  24Q 
Ville,  Pas  de  la,  178 
Villeneuve,  (1)  210,  (2)  282,  295,  316, 
(3)  S52  I  Rocher  de,  242 
'  At  no.    1,    Victoire ;   Croix — St. 
Maurice 

At  no.  2,  Cerf,  fair  ;  Union 
At   no.  3,    Ville;  Port;  Croix 
Blanche  ;  above,  Grand  H.  Byron 
Vimines,  195 
Vinadio,  32 

At  the  village,  Italia,  fair 
At  the  Baths,  Stabilimento 
Vincent,  family,  516 ;  hut,  530  ;  Pyra- 

mide,  506 
Vincent,  St.,  (1)  35,  (2)  299,  516 

At  no.  2,  Stabilimento  ;  Lion  d'Or  ; 
Couronne 
Violetta,  Punta,  317 
Viollins,  Les,  170 
Viraysse  fort,  34 
Virieu  le  Grand,  196 

H.  Suchet,  opposite  the  station 
Visaille,  Cantine  de  la,  372,  380 

A  small  mountain  Inn 
Viso,  Amait,  and  Col,  57,  66 ;  Col  dei, 
56,  63-4  ;  di  Vallante,  59,  62,  100  ; 
glacier,  55-6,  63-4;  Monte,  28,  46-8, 
50,  54-5,  61-4,  100 ;  Mozzo,  55-6, 
64;  Pertuis  du,  58;  Tour  of  the, 
64 

Visolotto,  48,  56,  59  ;  Col,  56-7 
Visoulet,  48,  53,  57 
Visp,  556 

H.  de  la  Poste  (same  owners  as 
the  chief  inns  at  Stalden  and  Saas 
Fee),  good;  Soleil,  also  good  ;  Alpes 
(same  owner  as  H.  Saas- Fee  at  Saas 
Fee) ;  Buffet 
Visperterbinen,  556 
Vissoye,  479 

H.  d'Anniviers  (same  owner  as 
H.  des  Diablons  at  Zinal)  ;  H.  des 
Alpes 
Vittoria,  Punta,  530 
Viu  valley  and  village,  254-8 

Corona  Reale  ;  Caccia  Reale 
Viva,  Roccia,  313 
Viverone  lake,  535 
Vizille,  113,  183 

H.  Mitton  ;  H.  Prat 
Vofrede,  Col  de,  471-2 
Vogealle  huts,  412 
Vogna  glen,  532-3 
Vogogna,  560 

Corona 
Voir,  Pierre  a,  439,  554 
Voiron,  190 

Poste  ;  Midi  ;  Cours 


Voirons,  Les,  333,  419,  422 

Near  the  summit  //.  de  /' Ermitage  ; 
Chalet  des  Voirons 
Volant  meadow,  112 
Vonzo,  268 
Voreppe,  190 

Petit  Paris 
Vouasson,  Pointe  de,  456,  459,  462 
Vouvry,  420 

Poste 
Voza,  Col  de,  368 

Above  the  Col,  Pavilion  Bel  lev  ue 
Vufflens  castle,  550 
Vuibez  icefall,  452  ;  rocks,  461 


Waldensians,  67-78,  94,  104,  106, 

155,  162,  170,  212,  226,  230,  439 
Wandfluh  rock  wall,  478 
Wasenhorn,  558 
Weingarten  glacier,  544 
Weisshorn,  485,  491,  509 
Weisshorn,  Hotel,  479-80 
Weissmies,  547,  566  ;  sattel,  567 
Weissthors,  522-4,  542 
Welden,  Baron  von,  506 
Wellenkuppe,  483,  502 
Windham,  339,  341 
Windjoch,  546 


Yenne,  195-6 

Clef  d  Or  ;  Rose  Couronnie 
Youla,  Col  de,  293,  376 


Za,  Aiguille  de  la,  462 

Za  de  Zan,  basin,  465  ;  glacier,  466-7 

Zarmine,  Col  de,  461,  477 

Zate\  Col  de,  485 

Zerbion,  Mont,  528,  531 

Zermatt,  338,  493,  495-510,  552 

H.  Zermatt;  H.  du  Mont  Rose; 
H.  du  Mont  Cervin ;  Railway 
Restaurant  (all  excellently  kept  by 
the  Seiler  family)  ;  H.  Terminus  ; 
H.  Bellevue ;  H.  d Angleterre  ;  H. 
de  la  Poste 

Zermeiggern,  541 

Zessetta,  Combin  de,  444 

Zigiorenove  glacier,  452-3,  461 

Zinal,  481  ;  glacier,  481-2  ;  Pointe  de, 
483 

Grand  H.  des  Diablons  (same 
owner  as  the  H.  d Anniviers  at 
Vissoye),  large  and  new  ;  H.  Durand 
(Vve.  Epiney),  the  old  inn,  now  en- 
larged and  improved  ;  H.  du  Besso, 
small 


6  I  2 


INDEX 


Zinareffian  rocks,  453  462 
Z'Meiden  Pass,  487  ;  village,  489 

At    the    latter,    the   good  little 
H.  Schwarzhorn 
Z'Mutt,    glacier   and   hamlet,  478-9, 

Zosanne  ake,  486 


Zsigmondy,    Breche,    144 ;  death 

Herr,  140,  143 
Zub£,  Passo,  530 

Zumsteinsattel,  and  Spitze,  505,  516 
Zwillinge,  507,  515 
i   Zwillingspass,  515 
Zwischbergen  Pass  and  village,  566-7 


PRINTED  BY 
SPOTTISWOODE   AND   CO.,    NEW-STREET  SQUARE 
LONDON 


■ 


1 


