1^ 


'OOHOSHBIH  S3139WV  SQ\ 


^^\ 


^ 


HANNIBAL    ONCE    MORE 


HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 


BY 

DOUGLAS  W.  FEESHFIELD,  M.A. 

VICE-PBB8IDENT  OF  THE  ROYAX   GEOGRAPHICAL  SOCIETY 
SOMETIME  PRESIDENT  OF  THE  ALPINE  CLUB 

AUTHOR  OF  'TBAVBLS  IN  THE  CENTRAL  CAUCASUH  AND  BASH  AN' 

'  ITALIAN  ALPS  '  '  THE  EXPLORATION  OF  THE  CAUCASUS  ' 

'ROUND  KAKGCHENJUNOA  '  ETC. 


LONDON 

EDWARD    ARNOLD 

1914 

lAU  rights  rtstrvfd] 

-\\s-5  6 


FEB 


1918 


< 


-< 


o  An,  p 


PREFACE 


The  following  pages  do  not  pretend  to  offer  a 
summary,    or    analysis,    of    recent    attempts    to 
elucidate  the  historical  episode  they  deal  with. 
They  are  rather  an  endeavour  to  treat  the  classical 
texts  relating  to  Hannibal's  Passage  of  the  Alps 
from  the  point  of  view  of  an  Alpine  traveller  and 
I^         topographer.     In  undertaking  this  task  I   have 
'^i         been  impressed  by  the  importance  of  a  fragment 
I  from  Varro  which  has  come  down  to  us,  and  by 

j^  the  curious  way  in  which  it  has  been  either 
K  ignored,  or  what  seems  to  me  its  plain  meaning 
CT)  distorted  and  obscured,  by  most  of  my  prede- 
cessors in  this  discussion.  Incidentally  I  have 
^  been  led  to  examine  somewhat  closely  the  argu- 
ments recently  brought  forward  by  several  French 
mihtary  ^vriters  in  their  effort  to  prove  that 
Hannibal  crossed  the  Col  du  Clapier,  a  lofty  and 
difficult  by-pass  near  the  Mont  Cenis.  I  have 
been  urged  to  do  this  by  the  fact  that  their 
theory  has  been  adopted  and  put  forward  in  this 
country  by  the  Professor  of  Military  History  in 
the  University  of  Oxford,  Mr.  Spenser  Wilkinson. 

DOUGLAS  W.  FRESHFIELD. 
March  1914.  " 


CONTENTS 

CHAP.  PAOB 

I.  THE  CLASSICAL  TEXTS                        ...  1 

IL  THE  DURANCE  PASSES  .  .  .  .23 

in.  THE  VARS-ARGENTIEEE  ROUTE        ...  31 

IV.  THE  MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS      .           .  58 

APPENDICES— 

I.  Francis  the  First's  Passage  of  the  Col  db 

L'Arqenti^re     .....  100 

11.  M.  Chappuis'  Theory        ....  107 

HI.  The  Roman  Pass  from  Sdsa  to  the  Maurienne  110 

IV.   Mr.  Marindin  on  Fochs  and  Osiander   .        .  118 

V.  A  Short  Bibliography  of  Recent  Publications  119 


MAPS 

The  Pas  de  la  Reyssole        .  .  .   opposite  page  36 

The  Col  du  Clapier  and  Mont  Cenis  Passes      ,,        „    78 
The  Western  Alps     .  .  .  .  .      at  end 


ILLUSTRATIONS 

Larche  and  the  Ascent  to  the  Col  de 
l'Argentiere   .... 

The  Valley  of  the  Ubayette,  looking 
west     ..... 


opposite  page  23 


The  Lac  de  la  Madeleine,  looking  west  \ 
The  Col  de  l'Argentiere,  looking  to-  J-       „        „    41 
wards  Italy    .  .  .  ,  J 

A  Scene  near  Sambuco,  from  Brocke- 

don's  'Passes  of  the  Alps'  .  „        „    48 


We  were  hinted  by  the  occasion,  not  catched  the 
opportunity  to  write  of  old  things,  or  intrude  upon 
the  antiquary.  We  are  coldly  drawn  unto  discourses 
of  antiquities,  who  have  scarce  time  before  us  to  com- 
prehend new  things,  or  make  out  learned  novelties. 
Sir  Thomas  Browne. 


HANNIBAL    ONCE    MORE 

CHAPTER    I 

THE   CLASSICAL   TEXTS 

More  than  thirty  ^^'inters  have  passed  since  I  was 
first  tempted  to  disregard  Dr.  Johnson's  depreca- 
tion of  any  further  mention  of  the  second  Punic 
War  and  to  take  part  in  the  old-world  dispute  as 
to  the  pass  by  which  Hannibal  crossed  the  Alps. 
From  time  to  time,  as  occasion  arose,  I  have  made 
some  further  contributions  in  the  way  of  criticism 
of  the  theories  set  out  by  more  recent  commen- 
tators.^ I  am  now  induced  by  a  desire  to  put 
all  I  have  found  to  say  into  a  more  convenient 
and  final  form  to  return,  somewhat  unAvillingly,  to 
the  familiar  story,  and  to  give  my  contemporaries 
and  the  critics  of  the  future  an  opportunity,  if 
they  care  to  use  it,  of  weighing  my  arguments, 
positive  as  well  as  negative,  in  the  balance. 

For  like  most,  if  not  all,  of  those  who  have  been 
dra\vn  into  this  captivating  controversy,  I  have 
been  led  to  hazard  a  solution  of  my  owai  of  the 
problem  under  discussion.  It  is  one  practically 
new  to   English   readers.     In   the   course   of  my 

1  See  Alpine  Journal,  vol.  xi.  p.  267  (Xo.  82),  vol.  xiii.  p.  28  (Xo.  93). 
Proceedings  R.G.8.,  n.  s.,  vol.  viii.  pp.  138-188,  October  1886;  Oeo- 
grafkical  Journal,  vol.  xxxvii.  Xos.  4  and  6. 

A 


2  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

Alpine  wanderings  I  have  learnt  local  facts  which 
satisfy  me  that,  to  put  it  at  the  lowest,  as  good 
a  case  can  be  made  for  the  pass  the  claim  of  which 
I  desire  to  bring  forward  as  for  any  of  those  which 
have  hitherto  found  favour  in  the  eyes  of  historians 
and  scholars.     Further,  in  the  course  of  my  literary 
inquiry  I  have  been  led  to  question  in  several  not 
unimportant  points  the  statements  as  to  physical 
facts  and  features  hazarded  by  historians,  as  well 
as  to  dispute  several  of  the  conclusions  drawn  from 
the  classical  texts  by  scholars  from  whose  opinion  I 
differ  with  both  respect  and  reluctance.     My  in- 
vestigations, I  ought  to  add,  have  in  more  than 
one  instance  induced  me  materially  to  modify,  or 
vary,  my  own  views  as  expressed  in  earlier  articles. 
It  was   accident  that   first  drew  me   into  the 
troubled  waters  of  the  Hannibalian  controversy. 
'  Some  there  be,'  wrote  Sir  Thomas  More,  '  that 
have  pleasure  onelye  in  olde  rustie   antiquities, 
and  some  onelye  in  their  owne  doynges.'     It  is  a 
commonplace   to   accuse   the   tribe   of   mountain 
climbers,  of  which  I  am  counted  a  member,   of 
falling  under  More's  second  category.     I  set  up  no 
claim  to  be  an  antiquarian ;  nor  have  I  any  natural 
inclination  to  join  in  heated  discussions  of  minor 
problems  of  history.    But  when  one  day  I  read  the 
pages  which  the  late  Mr.  Bosworth  Smith,  in  his 
interesting  and  popular  work  on  Carthage  and  the 
Carthaginians  ^  devoted  to  the  Pass  of  Hannibal,  I 
found  that  my  alpine  and  geographical  sense  were 
both  outraged.     The  narrative  appeared  to  me  as 
unsatisfactory  as   it  was  vivid   and   picturesque. 

^  Carthage  and  the  Carthaginians,  by  R.  Bosworth  Smith  (2nd  edition). 
Longmans,  1879. 


THE  CLASSICAL  TEXTS  3 

Physical  facts  were  adapted  to  its  requirements 
without  apparently  any  scruple  or  hesitation. 
My  own  knowledge  of  the  Alps,  general  and 
particular,  convinced  me  that  the  author's  attempt 
to  fit  the  story  told  in  the  classical  texts  to  the 
Little  St.  Bernard  was  a  complete  failure.  The 
adventures  and  incidents  described  by  the  ancient 
historians,  however  credible  in  themselves,  could 
not  possibly,  it  seemed  to  me,  have  occurred  in 
the  locahties  assigned  to  them  by  the  modern 
writer.  On  further  investigation,  I  discovered, 
somewhat  to  my  surprise,  that  this  view  of  mine 
was  far  from  being  the  popular  one  ;  that,  on  the 
contrary,  the  partisans  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard 
in  this  country,  sustained  no  doubt  by  the  great 
authority  of  Mommsen,  had  taken  of  recent  years 
to  speak  and  write  as  if  the  question  had  been 
finally  decided  in  their  favour.  And  this,  notwith- 
standing the  weighty  dissents  of  a  geographer  so 
competent  as  the  late  Sir  E.  Bunbury,  and  of 
Alpine  experts  such  as  Professor  Bonney  and  the 
late  John  Ball.  Where  I  had  expected  to  find 
myself  introduced  to  a  number  of  more  or  less 
plausible  hypotheses,  contending  amongst  them- 
selves with  becoming  modesty,  I  was  met  by 
what  seemed  to  me  the  least  plausible,  stalking 
abroad  with  all  the  airs  and  assurance  of  accepted 
truth. 

At  such  an  assumption  I  naturally  rebelled. 
And  my  indignation  grew  when  I  found  the 
popular  theory  illustrated  and  supported  by  a 
series  of  collateral  statements,  many  of  which 
were  in  direct  opposition  either  to  any  history 
and  geography  I  had  been  taught  in  my  youth, 


4  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

or  to  such  acquaintance  with  the  Alps  as  I  had 
gained  in  more  than  twenty  summers.  The 
victors,  so  it  seemed  to  me,  had  won  the  battle 
not  so  much  by  finding  a  way  to  bring  the  narra- 
tives into  agreement  with  the  physical  facts,  as  by 
accommodating  the  facts,  and  sometimes  the  nar- 
ratives, to  their  theories.^  In  short,  the  more  I  saw 
of  the  handling  of  the  evidence  by  which  a  judg- 
ment had  been  obtained  in  favour  of  the  Little 
St.  Bernard  the  less  inclined  did  I  feel  to  acquiesce 
in  that  judgment  without  at  least  a  very  full  and 
independent  rehearing  of  the  whole  case. 

I  did  not,  however,  at  the  outset  promise  myself 
to  arrive  at  any  certain  conclusion  as  to  the  pass 
traversed  by  Hannibal.  For  I  noticed  that  the 
critics  most  eager  to  assert  such  a  conclusion  were 
frequently  those  of  least  general  insight  and  local 
knowledge.  But  it  seemed  to  me  worth  while  to 
take  the  first  step  in  any  pursuit  after  truth,  and 
to  attempt  by  the  elimination  of  mitenable 
hypotheses  to  narrow  the  field  of  search  for  others. 

In  order  to  undertake  this  task  with  as  little 


1  The  late  Mr.  Capes  in  his  school  edition  of  the  xxi.  and  xxn.  Books 
of  Livy  supplied  a  note,  in  which,  while  summarising  fairly  the  principal 
theories  of  previous  writers,  he  collected  in  a  concentrated  form  some 
of  their  most  palpable  perversions.  Witness  the  following  sentence,  in 
which  the  Mont  Genevre  is  compared  to  its  disadvantage  with  the 
Little  St.  Bernard  :  '  General  probabihties  are  also  in  fevour  of  the 
easier,  the  lower,  the  better  known,  and  the  more  favourably  placed 
of  the  two  passes.'  Thi-ee  of  these  statements  are  the  reverse  of  true, 
the  fourth  is  contestable.  The  Little  St.  Bernard  is  steeper  and  longer, 
more  remote  for  those  who  come  from  Spain,  and  higher  by  1100  feet 
than  the  Mont  Genevre. 

A  new  edition  of  Book  xxi.,  with  Mr.  Capes'  original  notes  revised 
by  J.  E.  Melhuish,  has  been  published  in  Macmillan's  Elementary 
Classics,  1910.  The  notes  still  show  a  very  imperfect  acquaintance 
with  the  Western  Alps.  The  writer  even  retains  a  belief  in  '  Mount 
Iseran  ' !  (p.  104). 


THE  CLASSICAL  TEXTS  5 

prejudice  as  possible,  I  determined  to  keep  out 
of  sight  all  the  modern  literature  on  the  subject 
until  such  time  as  I  should  have  personally  ex- 
amined the  classical  authorities,  and  made  up  my 
own  mind  on  their  evidence  alone. 

Every  year  geographers  are  taught  by  some 
fresh  instance,  that  while  some  of  the  best-abused 
statements  of  ancient  authors  are  literally  true,^ 
others  are  exaggerations  rather  than  absolute  in- 
ventions. I  approached  therefore  the  classical 
authorities,  expecting  to  find  consistency — if  con- 
sistency there  were — in  outline  rather  than  in 
detail.  I  had  little  hope  of  being  able  to  harmonise 
every  point  in  the  narratives  of  Polybius  and  Livy. 
But  I  was  not  disposed  to  assume  in  the  face 
of  a  general  agreement  that  minor  discrepancies 
would  necessarily  prove  the  two  accounts  to  be 
based  upon  irreconcilable  authorities,  intended  to 
refer  to  widely  different  routes,  and,  therefore,  one 
or  the  other  fictitious. 

In  discussions  of  this  sort  historians  and  school- 
masters seem  to  me  not  infrequently  to  create  half 
their  difficulties  by  a  certain  failure  in  historical 
imagination.  They  omit  an  essential  preliminary 
step.  In  place  of  adequately  realising  the  geo- 
graphical standpoint  of  the  author  they  are  dis- 
cussing, and  of  the  contemporary  audience  he 
addressed,  they,  unconsciously,  impute  to  both 
their  own  knowledge.  For  instance,  we  cannot 
understand  and  fairly  appreciate  Polybius,  unless 
we  first  ascertain  not  only  what  his  general  con- 

^  For  example,  the  statement  of  Ptolemy  as  to  the  Nile  deriving 
some  of  its  waters  from  snow  mountains.  I  have  myself  seen  one  of 
the  Nile  sources  issuing  from  a  glacier  on  Ruwenzori. 


6  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

ception  of  the  Alps  was,  but  also  how  far  he 
might  reasonably  expect  his  readers  would  be  able 
to  follow  him. 

Now  the  Greek  historian,  we  find,  pictured  the 
Alps  as  mountains  extending  from  their  junction 
with  the  Apennines,  east  of  Marseilles  and  west 
of  Genoa,  across  the  whole  head  of  Italy.  They 
were,  he  writes,  drained  by  two  great  rivers — 
by  the  Rhone  on  one  side,  flowing  generally  south- 
west in  a  deep  valley  parallel  to  the  mountains 
from  a  source  north  of  the  Adriatic ;  on  the  other 
by  the  Po,  running  in  its  early  course  southwards 
into  the  Cisalpine  plain.  Except  in  so  far  as  it 
exaggerated  the  course  of  the  Rhone,  this  picture 
was  roughly  correct ;  for  it  is  only  convention  that 
fixes  on  the  stream  from  Monte  Viso  rather  than 
on  the  river  from  Mont  Blanc  as  the  true  source 
of  the  Po.  But  it  was  exceedingly  vague,  and  it 
did  not  lend  itself  to  any  nice  detail.  In  fact  we 
shall  find  that  Polybius,  in  telling  the  story  of 
Hannibal's  march,  recognises  only  three  broad 
divisions — the  Rhone  Country,  the  Passes  of  the 
Alps,  and  the  Plains  of  the  Po. 

The  greatest  of  the  difficulties  in  fitting  the  story 
told  by  Polybius  to  local  facts  has  been  found  in 
the  length  he  assigns  to  Hannibal's  march  along  the 
river.  It  is,  I  admit,  a  serious  difficulty  for  those 
who  are  not  prepared  to  make  large  allowance  for 
the  loose  way  in  which  the  Greek  historian  is  apt 
to  use  geographical  expressions.  In  my  behef, 
the  only  satisfactory  way  out  of  it  is  to  mider- 
stand  Polybius  as  including  in  the  phrase  '  along 
the  river '  the  whole  Rhone  basin.  Support  for 
this  solution  may  be  found  in  his  broad  use  of  the 


THE  CLASSICAL  TEXTS  7 

same,  or  similar,^  phrases  elsewhere,  and  in  the  fact 
that  no  march  of  1400  stades  along  the  river  bank 
could  have  brought  Hannibal  to  any  Alps. 

I  may  note  one  somewhat  parallel  case.  The 
explanation  which  has  satisfied  Mr.  Strachan- 
Davidson  ^  with  regard  to  Appian's  assertion  that 
Pompey'sPass  was  close  to  the  sources  of  the  Rhone 
and  the  Po  is  based  on  the  principle  I  am  here  apply- 
ing to  Polybius.  The  Master  of  Balliol  refers  to 
Strabo's  statement  that  the  sources  of  the  Durance 
and  the  Dora  Riparia  are  close  to  one  another,  and 
considers  it  reasonable  to  believe  that  Appian 
borrowed  a  statement  made  respecting  the  sources 
of  the  two  tributaries  and  applied  it  to  the  main 
streams.  Now  if  classical  authors  thought  and 
wrote  thus  loosely,  if  they  held  it  legitimate  to 
treat  the  springs  of  any  important  tributary  of 
the  Rhone  as  the  Rhone  sources,  a  similar  licence 
must  surely  be  allowed  them  with  respect  to  the 
basins  of  the  tributaries.  If  this  be  admitted  the 
difficulty  vanishes,  and  even  such  a  phrase  as  Trap 
avTov  Tov  TTOTafxov  may  be  taken  as  equivalent  to 
'  in  the  river  basin.'  ^ 

Into  this  vague  framework  Polybius  did  his 
best  to  fit  the  details  he  had  collected  from  eye- 
witnesses of  Hannibal's  march,  or  from  previous 
chroniclers,  and  so  to  fit  them  that  they  should 
be  intelligible  to  readers  who  had  no  maps,  whose 
orography  was  even  vaguer  than  his  own,  and  to 

^  Compare  6  Kara  t6v  'Po8av6v  avXwv,  and  ol  Kara  TOV  'Po8avov  roiroi. 

2  See  Appian,  Book  ».,  with  notes  and  maps  by  J.  L.  Strachan- 
Davidson  (now  Master  of  Balliol  College,  Oxford),  The  Clarendon 
Press,  1902,  pp.  131-2. 

2  See  on  this  point  Mr.  Marindin  in  Classical  Review,  vol.  xiii. 
p.  243. 


8  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

whom  the  local  or  tribal  names  he  had  gathered  on 
his  own  Alpine  travels  w  ould,  as  he  thought,  convey 
no  definite  meaning.  For  their  sake,  with  a  very 
perverse  indifference  to  posterity,  he  left  out  these 
names.  ^  The  merit  of  Polybius's  narrative  has,  in 
my  opinion,  been  strangely  overrated ;  it  seems  now 
in  some  danger  of  being  as  unjustly  depreciated. 
He  was  content  to  tell  the  story  in  the  form  he 
believed  to  be  best  suited  to  the  readers  of  his  own 
time.  He  took  no  thought  of  the  better-instructed 
public  of  the  future,  and  he  must  consequently 
bear  the  blame  of  having  thereby  caused  an  infinite 
waste  of  time,  temper,  and  ink  to  many  genera- 
tions of  students.  But  in  my  judgment  we  do 
him  some  wrong,  and  labour  to  our  own  confusion, 
if  we  take  his  round-figure  distances,  his  loose 
geographical  expressions,  his  rough  indications  of 
direction,  or  of  the  broad  sections  into  which  he 
divides  the  march,  and  read  them  strictly  and 
narrowly  in  the  light  of  our  own  intimate  acquain- 
tance with  the  Western  Alps.  I  would  earnestly 
beg  future  students  not  to  lose  sight  of  these,  as 
they  seem  to  me,  fundamental  considerations  while 
following  the  subsequent  argument. 

Polybius  is,  as  I  have  just  pointed  out,  notoriously 
scanty  in  local  nomenclature.  We  have  to  make 
the  most  of  such  few  indications  as  we  can  extract 
from  his  narrative.  The  Carthaginians,  he  tells 
us,  crossed  the  Rhone  at  a  spot  about  four  days' 
ordinary  march  from  the  sea,  and  at  a  distance  it 
took  Hannibal  four  days  to  march  (the  distinction 

*  I  agree  with  much  that  Commandant  Colin  has  written  in  the 
volume  I  comment  on  in  another  chapter,  on  the  literary  method  of 
Polybius.  See  also  for  a  full  discussion  of  the  matter,  W.  T.  Arnold's 
Second  Punic  War. 


THE  CLASSICAL  TEXTS  9 

must  be  noted)  from  the  confluence  with  the 
main  river  of  another  stream.  The  name  of  this 
second  stream  is  in  the  MSS.  S/copa?,  but  the 
emendation  'Icra/oa?  has  been  generally  adopted  in 
the  best  modern  editions.  (See  Mr.  George  Long 
on  '  Isara,'  in  Dictionary  of  Greek  and  Roman 
Geography.)  ^  Geographical  details  are  next 
furnished  as  to  the  district  lying  between  the 
rivers,  and  it  is  said  to  be  called  '  The  Island,' 
and  compared  as  to  form  and  size  with  the 
Egyptian  delta.  The  following  distances  are 
given  for  the  Alpine  march  :  from  the  Passage  of 
the  Rhone  to  the  Ascent  of  the  Alps  leading  to 
Italy,  1400  stades ;  The  Passes  of  the  Alps,  1200 
stades.  In  another  place  we  are  told  that  Hanni- 
bal marched  800  stades  along  the  river  from  the 
Island  to  '  the  Ascent  towards  the  Alps.'  Most 
commentators  have  naturally  considered  the 
Ascent  of  the  Alps  leading  to  Italy  (c.  39)  and 
the  Ascent  towards  the  Alps  (c.  50)  to  refer  to  the 
same  spot,  and  as  a  consequence  the  800  stades 
(88  miles)  to  be  part  of  the  1400,  leaving  600 
stades  (66  miles)  between  the  Passage  and  the 
Island.  But  the  two  writers  I  shaU  have  to 
deal  with  presently.  Commandant  Colin  ^  and  his 
follower  Professor  Spenser  Wilkinson,  will  have 
none  of  this.  For  them  the  800  stades  begin 
from  their  Island,  Bedarrides ;  there  are  two  dis- 
tinct Ascents  of  the  Alps,  and  the  remaining  600 

^  This  is  the  reading  given  in  the  latest  edition  of  Polybius  issued  in 
this  country. 

^  Commandant  Colin  translates  (p.  338)  ava^oKi]  eiUrte  in  one 
passage,  and  montee  in  another  to  suit  his  convenience  !  Professor 
Wilkinson's  argument  may  be  found,  Geog.  Jmirnal,  vol.  xxxvii. 
No.  6,  p.  674. 


10  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

stades  have  to  be  made  up  with  the  distances  from 
Fourques  to  Bedarrides  (32  miles),  and  from  St. 
Nazaire,  their  'Ascent  towards  the  Alps,'  to  the 
Bee  d'Echaillon  (23  miles),  which  are  inadequate  ! 
[Where  not  otherwise  specified,  '  miles '  in  my  text 
implies  English  miles.]  To  me  this  seems  a  fan- 
tastic perversion  of  the  plain  sense  of  the  text  of 
Polybius. 

'  Times  '  also  are  given  us.  Hannibal  marched 
in  four  days  from  the  Passage  to  the  Island.  He 
occupied  ten  days  in  his  march  up  the  river  and 
fifteen  in  crossing  the  Alps.  In  the  view  of 
Commandant  Colin,  Hannibal  covered  32  miles  in 
the  first  four  days,  and  about  90  in  the  following 
ten.  In  the  mountains,  however,  he  estimates  his 
marches  as  from  13  to  17  miles  a  day.^ 

Further  indications  of  the  route  adopted  have 
to  be  sought  in  the  description  of  a  battle  with 
the  AUobroges,  and  in  the  statements — some- 
times held  to  be  conflicting — that  Hannibal  de- 
scended boldly  into  the  territory  of  the  Insubres, 
and  that  he  took  by  storm  the  chief  town  of  the 
Taurini. 

There  remains  to  be  considered  a  reference  to 
Polybius  found  in  Strabo  which  runs  as  follows  : 
'  He  mentions  four  passes  only  ;  that  through  the 
Ligurians,  nearest  the  T3nrrhene  Sea  ;  then  that 
through  the  Taurini,  which  Hannibal  crossed ; 
then  that  through  the  Salassi ;  and  fourth,  that 
through  the  Rhaetians,  aU  rugged.' 

On  this  I  would  remark,  that  the  fact  that 
Polybius  here  speaks  of  Hannibal's  Pass  as  the 

^  On  p.  424  four  of  the  day's  marches  are  reckoned  at  25  kilometres 
each ;  on  p.  369  as  20 ;  on  p.  383  another  estimate  is  given. 


THE  CLASSICAL  TEXTS  11 

Taurine  Pass  may  fairly  be  taken  as  a  confirma- 
tion of  the  belief  that  from  his  point  of  view  he 
was  including  the  fighting  with  the  Taurini  in  the 
Passage  of  the  Alps,  and  consequently  as  a  help  to 
the  understanding  of  the  phrase  as  to  Hannibal's 
descent  on  the  Insubres.  Another  inference  may 
fairly  be  drawn  from  this  passage,  that  Hannibal's 
Pass  was  not  the  Mont  Genevre.  For  if  the  Mont 
Genevre  had  been  already  known  as  Hannibal's 
Pass  in  Polybius's  time,  Pompey  would  hardly 
have  ventured  to  assert  that  by  crossing  it  he  had 
opened  a  new  route  over  the  Alps.  This  claim  to 
have  found  a  new  Alpine  pass  was  put  forward 
by  Pompey  himself  in  a  letter  to  the  Senate  pre- 
served by  Sallust.  He  writes :  '  I  have  opened  a 
road  over  the  Alps  different  from  Hannibal's,  and 
for  us  more  convenient.'  Pompey' s  object  was 
Spain,  his  immediate  starting-point  and  military 
base  was  presumably  Mutina  (Modena),  whence 
he  had  set  out  to  visit  Rome  not  long  before.  It 
was  at  Mutina  that  the  three  roads  from  Rome  to 
GaUia  Cisalpina,  the  Aurelia,  the  Cassia,  and  the 
Flaminia,  met  (Cicero,  Phil.,  xii.  9.  22).  Pompey's 
natural  approach  to  the  Western  Alps  in  this  case 
would  lie  north  of  the  hills  of  Montferrat,  and  the 
vaUey  of  the  Dora  Riparia  and  Mont  Genevre 
would  cut  ofiE  thirty-five  miles  in  his  march  to  the 
Durance  and  to  Spain. 

I  find  an  additional  reason  for  beUeving  the 
IMont  Genevre  to  have  been  Pompey's  Pass  in  the 
fact  that  twelve  tribes  in  the  kingdom  of  Cottius, 
which  extended  on  both  sides  of  the  Mont  Genevre, 
were  omitted  from  the  Ust  of  the  tribes  subdued 
by  Augustus  inscribed  on  the  trophy  of  Turbia 


12  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

above  Nice  (Tropaeum  August!) ,  on  the  ground 
that  they  had  been  previously  tranquillised.^ 
Is  it  not  likely  that  Pompey's  route  lay  in  this 
direction  rather  than  among  the  turbulent  tribes  to 
the  southward  whose  names  are  recorded  on  the 
trophy  ?  Was  it  not  this  road  which  Cottius 
at  a  later  date  made  more  passable  at  great 
exertion  and  cost  ?  I  am  glad  to  find  Mr. 
Strachan  -  Davidson  adhering  without  hesitation 
to  Mommsen's  conclusion,  that  Pompey  selected 
the  Mont  Genevre  route.  ^ 

On  the  other  hand,  Mr.  Marindin's  suggestion 
that  Pompey's  new  pass  may  have  been  the  Mont 
Genevre  plus  the  Col  de  Lautaret,  as  contrasted 
with  the  Mont  Genevre  plus  the  Col  Bayard,  does 
not  at  all  commend  itself  to  me.^     An  army  at 

^  These  twelve  tribes  were  granted  the  Jus  Latii  by  the  Lex 
Pompeia,  carried  B.C.  89  by  Pompeius  Strabo,  the  father  of  Pompey 
the  Great.  See  Ellis,  On  the  Ancient  Routes  helireen  Italy  and  Gaul. 
Cambridge,  1867, 

2  I  agree  with  all  Mr.  Strachan -Davidson  writes  about  the  passages 
in  Strabo  (iv.  6.  5),  and  Appian  (i.  109).  They  seem  to  me  to  fall  in 
with  the  view  expressed  above. 

^  See  Classical  Review,  vol.  xiii.  No.  5,  on  this  point.  Mr.  W.  T. 
Arnold  wrote  to  me,  14th  June  1899,  the  note  here  quoted.  It  may,  I 
hope,  help  to  convince  Prof.  Wilkinson  that  our  late  friend  formed  an 
independent  judgment  on  the  texts  and  cannot  fairly  be  described  as 
having  been  my  '  shadow  '  in  the  controversy.  '  The  Romans,'  wrote 
Mr.  Arnold,  '  had  a  clear  idea  of  the  main  Alpine  wall,  and  would  not 
rank  a  new  way  over  secondary  obstacles  as  a  new  pass  "  per  Alpes." 
Moreover  I  have  always  felt  that  SaUust's  "  nobis  opportunius  "  distinctly 
pointed  to  the  low  and  easy  Mont  Genevre  as  opposed  to  a  rather  more 
difficult  pass  (i.e.  your  Col  de  I'Argentiere)  not  far  off.  As  I  see  the 
whole  matter,  the  evidence  converges  on  a  Durance  pass.  The  best 
Durance  pass  is  certainly  the  Mont  Genevre.  But  Varro  and  Sallust 
point  rather  to  the  Argentiere — and  so  the  conclusion  is  that  of  my 
Second  Punic  War.' 

Again,  four  years  later,  he  wrote  (16th  June  1903) :  '  There  are  two 
points  about  the  Second  Punic  War  in  the  April  English  Historical 
Review  which  tempt  me  to  send  it  a  letter — Hannibal's  Pass,  p.  330, 
and  the  Elephants,  p.  329.  I  want  to  take  the  occasion  to  give  Osiander 
a  bit  of  a  knock,  especially  as  aU  the  German  Classical  Reviews  treat 
him  more  seriously  than  he  deserves.  I  have  a  reference  to  his  clumsy 
attempt  to  explain  away  the  Varro  passage.' 


THE  CLASSICAL  TEXTS  13 

Brian9on  bound  for  Aries  and  Spain  would  not 
find  in  the  Lautaret  a  shorter  and  easier  road 
than  that  down  the  valley  of  the  Durance.  ]\Iore- 
over,  the  Roman  habit  was  to  look  on  the  routes 
through  the  Alps  as  a  whole,  and  to  take  little 
account  of  separate  minor  ridges  and  consequent 
ups  and  downs. 

So  far  Polybius.  Now  let  us  take  up  Livy. 
But  before  doing  so,  I  must  quote  some  remarks 
of  Mr.  Marindin  which  seem  to  me  much  to  the 
point.  He  writes :  '  In  studying  the  question  I 
have  been  struck  by  one  or  two  phases  of  con- 
temporary writing.  One  is  the  unceremonious 
way  in  which  any  ancient  writer  who  traverses 
the  course  selected  by  the  modern  essayist  is  swept 
aside  by  the  most  fanciful  arguments,  as  if  he 
were  no  obstacle  at  all.  ...  It  is  surely  time  to 
protest  against  the  zeal  for  rewriting  history,  and 
also  against  the  modern  method  of  criticising 
through  a  microscope  which  shuts  off  a  view  of 
the  surroundings.  It  is  the  fashion  so  to  deal 
with  Livy.  We  are  told  he  need  not  be  reckoned, 
because  he  only  cared  to  write  picturesquely.  We 
may  alter  the  names  of  places,  admire  cimi  risu  his 
descriptions ;  v.hen  he  says  ad  laevam,  we  may,  with 
one  commentator,  say  he  means  to  the  right.  .  .  . 
Now  I  believe  this  is  in  a  great  measure  nineteenth- 
century  arrogance  and  to  some  extent  nineteenth- 
century  haste  and  impatience.  I  feel  sure  that 
many  are  far  too  ready  to  discount  Livy's  evidence ; 
that,  at  any  rate,  if  he  did  not  always  use  his 
materials  critically,  he  used  them  honestly,  and 
he  used  them  more  critically  than  is  sometimes 
supposed.  On  this  occasion  it  is  pretty  clear 
that  hejiad  the  narrative  of  Polybius  before  him 


14  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

(though  some  have  denied  it)  and  he  tells  us  himself 
that  he  was  using  the  account  written  by  L. 
Cincius  Alimentus,  a  Roman  officer  who  had  been 
a  prisoner  in  Hannibal's  camp  at  one  time,  and 
was  more  likely  to  know  the  details  of  the  cam- 
paign than  even  the  most  recent  critics  of 
Livy.' 

I  may  add  that  Livy,  probably,  had  also  before 
him  the  works  of  Silenus  and  Sosilus,  two  Greeks 
who  were  in  Hannibal's  camp  during  the  march, 
and  of  L.  Coelius  Antipater,  a  writer  contem- 
porary with  the  Gracchi,  and  esteemed,  though 
criticised,  by  Cicero,  of  whom  only  a  few  frag- 
ments remain. 

I  have  quoted  these  sentiments  of  better  scholars 
than  myself  in  order  heartily  to  endorse  them. 
While  admitting  to  the  full  the  difference  in  value 
between  the  statements  of  Polybius,  the  almost 
contemporary  chronicler  and  traveller,  and  Livy, 
the  later  compiler  and  man  of  letters,  I  must  give 
Livy  the  credit  he  is  at  pains  to  claim.  In  more 
than  one  passage  he  insists  that  he  has  taken 
especial  care  to  sift  the  evidence  in  order  to  tell 
the  story  of  Hannibal's  Alpine  adventures  as 
accurately  as  he  could.  That  he  may  have  fallen 
into  mistakes  and  confusions  in  the  attempt  to 
combine  his  scattered  literary  material  seems  to 
me  more  than  probable.  But  I  am  not  prepared 
to  foUow  those  who  believe  and  assert  that  he 
introduced,  or  copied,  a  string  of  tribal  names 
without  reason  or  reflection ;  that  he  invented  an 
Alpine  route  for  Hannibal  and  then  compiled  an 
itinerary  to  fit  it.  I  cannot  think  it  reasonable 
to  assume  that  a  writer  who  had  under  his  eyes 
the  narratives  of  chroniclers  who  had  been  with 


THE  CLASSICAL  TEXTS  15 

Hannibal  in  his  Alpine  march,  and  of  one  who 
had  been  a  prisoner  in  Hannibal's  camp  a  few 
years  later,  was  completely  mistaken  as  to  the 
river  basin  by  which  Hannibal  approached  the 
Alps.  The  descriptions  of  scenery  interspersed  in 
Livy's  narrative,  so  contumehously  discarded  by 
some  modern  writers,  I  fmd — and  on  this  point 
I  may,  perhaps,  be  allowed  to  speak  with  some 
authority — coloured,  if  coloured  at  all,  only  to 
such  an  extent  as  to  represent  the  local  features 
of  the  Western  Alps  from  the  point  of  view,  not 
of  a  tourist  of  the  twentieth  century,  but  of  an 
African  soldier  in  218  B.C.  The  accounts  of  the 
difficulties  encountered  from  autumn  snowfalls 
correspond  both  with  my  own  experience  and 
local  information,  and  therefore  invite  my  belief. 
Moreover,  they  indicate  a  close  acquaintance  with 
Alpine  phenomena  which  the  comments  made  on 
them  by  many  historical  students  have  taught 
me  is  far  from  universal  even  at  the  present  day. 
And  when  we  come  to  the  famous  story  of  the 
rocks  split  by  Acetum,  the  laugh  is  whoUy  on 
Livy's  side.  It  is  surely  time  that  the  ridicule 
cast  on  the  historian  on  the  strength  of  a  familiar 
line  of  Juvenal  was  thrown  back  on  his  critics. 
Had  these  learned  scoffers  been  at  the  pains  to 
use  their  bookshelves,  they  might  have  learnt  that 
'  acetum  '  was  in  practical  use  in  Roman  times  for 
the  very  purpose  for  which  it  is  said  to  have  been 
employed  by  Hannibal.^     One  is  tempted  to  quote 

^  See  Pliny,  xxiii.  27  and  xxxiii.  21,  where  '  acetum  '  is  said  to  be 
used  for  splitting  the  rock  in  Spanish  mines.  '  Aceto  summa  vis 
est  in  refrigerando,  non  tamen  minor  in  discutiendo  .  .  .  saxa  rumpit 
infusum  quae  non  ruperit  ignis  antecedens.'  Dion  Cassius  and  Apol- 
lodorus  are  cited  to  the  same  effect.  In  the  diploma  granted  to  the 
Marquis  of  Saluzzo  by  the  Emperor  Frederick  vi.  '  acetum '  is  men- 


16  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

Carlyle,  '  Truth  is  better  than  error,  were  it  even 
on  Hannibal's  vinegar.' 

As  far  as  the  general  condition  of  Alpine  tracks 
in  late  autumn  is  concerned,  Livy's  narrative 
strikes  me  as  not  only  credible,  but  convincing. 
It  is  accurate  in  technical  details,  which  could 
hardly  have  been  described  so  graphically  except 
from  actual  experience  of  the  Alps  on  the  part 
of  the  writers  from  whom  Livy  borrowed.  It  is 
mainly  the  lack  of  any  such  experience  that  has 
led  many  modern  writers  to  misunderstand  and 
depreciate  the  classical  narratives,  to  make 
Hannibal,  like  a  modern  Alpinist,  go  out  of  his 
way  to  cross  a  glacier  by  a  'new  route,'  and 
to  commit  themselves  to  sundry  other  curious 
incongruities. 

But  there  are  further  questions  of  detail  to  be 
dealt  with.  How  far  can  such  local  indications  as 
are  supplied  by  Livy's  nomenclature  be  followed 
and  trusted  ?  In  what  points,  if  any,  is  his  narra- 
tive irreconcilable  with  that  of  Polybius  ?  Now 
Livy  tells  us  that  the  quarrelsome  chiefs  '  near  the 
Island  '  were  Allobroges,  and  that  after  settling 
their  dispute,  Hannibal  turned  to  the  left  into  the 
district  of  the  Tricastini.  After  passing  through 
the  further  border  of  the  Vocontii,  he  traversed 
the  land  of  the  Tricorii,  and  met  with  no  difficulty 
until  he  came  to  the  Durance.  Beyond  that 
river  he  fought  his  first  battle,  then  marched  for 

tioned  as  one  of  the  means  employed  to  make  the  Traversette  tunnel. 
See  Vaccarone,  Le  Periuis  du  Viso.     Turin,  1881. 

I  may  venture  to  mention  a  personal  experience.  WhUe  driving 
down  Val  di  Stura,  I  was  interested  to  find  a  smallholder  clearing  his 
field  of  a  big  boulder  by  an  expedient  resembhng  Hannibal's.  He  lit 
a  bonfire  round  it  and  then  threw  on  pails  of  a  hquid  I  am  not  prepared 
to  say  may  not  have  been  acetum.  I  am  inclined,  however,  to  believe 
that  it  was  cold  water. 


THE  CLASSICAL  TEXTS  17 

three  days  through  comparatively  open  country, 
and  had  a  second  and  very  severe  engagement 
in  a  defile.  For  the  rest  of  the  route  Livy  agrees 
in  the  main  with  Polybius.  He  brings  Hannibal 
down  upon  the  Taurini  before  he  reaches  the 
territory  of  the  Insubres. 

Our  gains  in  nomenclature  from  Livy  are  the 
three  tribal  names  and  the  mention  of  the  Durance. 
The  chief  discrepancies  between  the  Roman  author 
and  Polybius  are  the  statements  (1)  that  the  rival 
chiefs  near  the  Island  were  Allobroges,  (2)  that  the 
first  conflict  took  place  beyond  the  Durance,  and 
(3)  that  the  foes  in  it  are  described  as  Gauls,  or 
barbarians,  and  not  as  Allobroges. 

Mr.  Strachan-Davidson,  I  find,  tells  his  readers 
that  '  there  is  no  reason  to  believe,  though  it  is, 
of  course,  a  possible  supposition,  that  Livy  took 
the  names  of  the  Druentia,  and  of  the  various 
tribes  mentioned,  from  any  previous  writer.'  He 
surmises  that  Livy  chose  his  pass  first  and  then 
provided  local  names  to  fit  in  with  it.  But  here 
the  soldier  corrects  the  scholar.  Commandant 
Colin  (p.  191)  cites  a  passage  from  Timagenes,  an 
Alexandrian  born  twenty-five  years  before  Livy, 
who  wrote  history  in  a  turgid  style  in  the  days 
of  Augustus  and  secured  the  immortality  of  a 
cursory  mention  from  Horace  {Epistles,  i.  19.  15). 
The  passage  (preserved  by  Ammianus  Marcellinus 
XV.  9.  10)  gives  a  summary  of  Hannibal's  march 
in  which  the  same  tribal  names  occur,  and  the 
Durance  and  the  '  acetum '  find  mention.  A  fresh 
touch  of  local  colour  is  added  by  a  reference  to 
'  the  gorges  of  the  Tricorii,'  since  the  deep  trenches 
in  which  the  streams  issuing  westward  from  the 

B 


18  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

Alps  of  Dauphine  flow  are  the  only  interruptions 
to  the  generally  gentle  gradients  of  the  roads 
in  this  otherwise  open  and  fertile  district.  The 
Durance  is  brought  in  oddly  at  the  end.  '  Having 
crossed  the  Durance  and  its  shifting  rapids  he 
took  possession  of  the  region  of  Etruria.'  Com- 
mandant Colin  surprises  us  by  the  remarkable 
suggestion  that  the  Durance  in  this  passage  may 
be  identified  with  the  Tanaro  ! 

Now  can  it  reasonably  be  doubted  that  Livy 
and  Timagenes  both  drew  from  a  common  source  ? 
It  would  be  inconsistent  with  Livy's  own  account 
of  his  method,  if  he  copied  directly  from  one  who 
was  almost  a  contemporary. 

The  conclusion  I  incline  to  after  examining 
both  Polybius  and  Livy  is  that  Polybius's  nar- 
rative (for  reasons  that  will  be  given  presently) 
excludes  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  and  that  Livy 
by  his  description  of  the  valley  of  the  Durance 
confines  our  search  to  a  pass  leading  out  of  the 
basin  of  that  river.  For  whatever  inconsistencies 
in  detail  Livy  may  have  faUen  into,  I  find  it 
impossible  to  assume  that  he  was  entirely  misled 
on  so  vital  a  point  as  the  river-basin  by  which 
the  Punic  host  approached  the  Alpine  water- 
shed. 

But  have  we  no  further  evidence  to  caU  ?  What 
if  we  can  summon  a  Roman  general  who  him- 
self knew  the  Western  Alps,^  who  was  not  only 
the  most  prolific  but  the  most  learned  author 
of  his  age,  whom  Cicero  caUed  '  diligentissimus 
investigator  antiquitatis,'  who  was  born  only  a 
few  years  after  the  death  of  Polybius,  was  the 

*  See  Preface  to  Varro  on  Farmitig,  translated  by  L.  Starr,  1912. 


THE  CLASSICAL  TEXTS  19 

leading  literary  authority  at  Rome,  the  custodian 
of  its  great  library  in  the  time  of  Caesar  and 
when  Livy  was  writing  his  history,  whose  fame 
reached  down  the  centuries,  so  that  a  mediaeval 
scholar  hailed  him  as  '  veterum  omnium  doctis- 
simus,'  Dante  inquired  affectionately  for  him  in 
the  after-world,  and  Petrarch  called  him  'il  terzo 
gran  lume  Romano,'  coupling  his  name  with 
Virgil  and  Cicero.^ 

How  if  we  can  ask  Marcus  Terentius  Varro 
what  he  knew  about  the  passes  of  the  GalUc  Alps  ? 
He  is  ready  at  our  call.  By  a  happy  chance  the 
following  passage  from  his  writings  has  been  pre- 
served in  the  commentaries  on  Virgil  {apud  jEneid. 
X.  13)  of  Servius,  a  grammarian  of  the  fifth  century. 
'  The  Alps,'  writes  Varro — he  is  speaking  of  the 
Gallic  Alps — '  can  be  crossed  by  five  passes,  one 
near  the  sea,  through  the  Ligurians  ;  the  second 
by  which  Hannibal  crossed  ;  the  third  by  which 
Pompey  went  to  the  Spanish  war ;  the  fourth  by 
which  Hasdrubal  came  from  Gaul  into  Italy  ;  ^ 
the  fifth  which  was  formerly  occupied  by  the 
Greeks  and  is  hence  called  the  Graian  Alps.' 

No  sensible  person,  I  should  hope,  will  argue 
that  Varro  did  not  know  which  was  Pompey' s 
Pass,  but  his  opinion  as  to  Hannibal's  and 
Hasdrubal' s  is  of  course  no  more  than  the  best 

1  Lassels,  in  his  Voyage  of  Italy  (Paris,  1670),  calls  Varro  '  the  all- 
knowing  Varro.'  Lassels  gives  a  description  of  the  Mont  Cenis  and  other 
passes,  '  the  Sampion,  S.  Godarde,  Splug,  hill  enough  for  any  traveller,' 
'  the  great  hill  BerUno  and  Mount  Aurigo,  a  smart  hill.'  The  last  two 
are  the  Bernina  and  Aprica. 

^  I  may  mention  here  that  Hasdrubal  is  stated  by  Appian  to  have 
passed  the  Pyrenees  at  their  western  end.  He  traversed  the  territory 
of  the  Arverni  (Auvergne).  He  would  therefore  naturally  strike  a  more 
northern  pass  than  his  brother. 


20  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

opinion  of  his  time.  Still,  while  admitting  this, 
it  is  hardly  hkely — I  might  use  a  stronger  ex- 
pression— that  Varro,  Pompey,  and  Sallust  were, 
as  Mr.  Strachan- Davidson  suggests,  all  sharers 
in  what  Livy  is  at  pains  to  describe  as  a  'vulgar 
error,'  the  belief  that  Hannibal  crossed  one  or 
other  of  the  Saint  Bernards  and  came  down  the 
Val  d'Aosta.  Had  this  been  the  case,  Livy  would 
surely  have  used  a  less  disrespectful  expression 
in  alluding  to  the  believers  in  one  of  the  Val 
d'Aosta  Passes. 

It  seems  to  me  that  to  any  one  who  sets  honestly 
and  without  prejudice  to  work  to  identify  Varro' s 
Passes,  there  can  be  no  legitimate  room  for  doubt 
about  the  first  and  fifth;  they  can  only  be  the 
Coast-road  and  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  I  have 
already  shown  what  I  must  hold  to  be  conclusive 
reasons  for  assigning  the  Mont  Genevre  to  Pompey, 
reasons  which  are  accepted  by  almost  aU  scholars 
from  Mommsen  onwards.  Is  it  not  then  reason- 
able to  assume  that  Varro  in  his  catalogue  took  all 
the  five  passes  in  their  geographical  order,  begin- 
ning from  the  sea  ?  Is  it  not  the  only  plausible 
assumption  ?  If  this  be  so,  we  have  to  look  for 
two  passes — one  south  of  the  Mont  Genevre  for 
Hannibal,  and  one  north  for  Hasdrubal.  Now 
there  are  to  this  day  two  main  routes  across  the 
Alps  in  the  situations  required,  the  Col  de 
I'Argentiere  and  the  Mont  Cenis.  These  are 
modern  highroads,  and,  though  the  existence  of 
a  modern  road  does  not  in  itself  prove  an  ancient 
route,  it  does  show  that  the  natural  features  of 
the  gap  in  the  chain  traversed  by  it  favour  traffic. 

The  argument  for  taking  Varro' s  Ust  of  the 


THE  CLASSICAL  TEXTS  21 

passes  according  to  their  geographical  order  is, 
I  think,  forcibly  strengthened  by  the  straits  to 
which  the  able  critics  who  have  tried  to  take  it 
in  any  other  way  have  been  reduced.  Consider  for 
example  Mommsen  and  Mr.  Strachan-Davidson. 
Mommsen,  who  deals  with  the  matter  in  his 
Inscriptiones  Galliae  Cisalpiiiae  Latinae,  suggests 
that  Varro's  second  pass  must  be  the  Great  St. 
Bernard.  In  order  to  reconcile  this  guess  with  his 
previous  adoption  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard  for 
Hannibal,  he  is  forced  to  impute  to  Varro  the 
vulgar  error  denounced  by  Livy.  For  Varro  takes 
Hamiibal  over  his  second  pass  and  mentions  the 
Graian  Pass  fifth.  Varro's  fourth  pass  Mommsen 
is  at  a  loss  to  identify,  but  tentatively  guesses  it 
may  be  the  '  Col  de  Monte  Viso,'  or  '  by  Val 
Chisone.'  ^ 

jMr.  Strachan-Davidson  also  takes  the  view  that 
Varro  shared  in  what  Livy  calls  a  '  vulgar  error,' 
and  led  Hannibal  over  the  Great  St.  Bernard. 
This  belief  leads  him  into  some  obvious  incon- 
sistency. He  writes,  on  the  same  page,  '  Varro 
has  just  before  said  that  Alpes  proprie  montiuin 
Gallicorum  sunt,  and  it  is  clear  that  he  is  here 
speaking  only  of  the  ways  from  Italy  into  Gaul.' 
But  Livy  has  told  us  that  the  Great  St.  Bernard 
led  among  half-German  tribes,  and  Varro  was 
already  sixty  when  in  B.C.  57  one  of  Caesar's 
lieutenants  made  an  abortive  attempt  to  open 
the   pass  by  subduing  the  tribes  who   held  its 

1  See  Iiucr.  Gall.  Cis.  Latin.,  vol.  v.  Part  2,  p.  809.  Mommsen  pro- 
bably meant  to  refer  to  the  Col  de  la  Traversette  near  Monte  Viso, 
and  the  Col  de  Sestri^res,  a  branch  from  the  Mont  Genevre,  the  descent 
of  which  towards  Italy  leads  through  Val  Cliisone.  Neither  of  these  is 
a  great  pass. 


22  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

northern  approaches.  It  was  not  till  a  much 
later  date  that  it  was  improved  and  finally  made 
practicable  for  wheeled  vehicles.^  Why  then 
should  Varro  count  it  as  among  the  practicable 
routes  into  Gaul  ? 

But  this  is  far  from  being  the  worst  dilemma 
into  which  the  surmise  that  Hannibal  may  have 
crossed  the  Great  St.  Bernard,  or  that  Varro 
thought  he  did,  lands  those  who  indulge  in  it. 
Two  pages  further  on,  Mr.  Strachan  Davidson 
refutes  his  own  argument.  In  writing  of  Pompey 
he  says :  '  The  Great  St.  Bernard  Pass  would 
have  taken  him  round  an  unnecessary  circuit  of 
at  least  two  hundred  miles  on  his  way  to  Spain 
and  that  by  a  very  difficult  route.'  An  obvious 
and  incontestable  geographical  fact ;  but  equally 
true,  of  course,  of  Hannibal  going  in  the  opposite 
direction.  Whatever  may  have  been  the  popular 
belief,  the  suggestion  that  Hannibal's  Gallic 
guides  misled  his  army  so  shamelessly  as  to  take 
it  from  Spain  to  Italy  over  the  Great  St.  Bernard 
is  too  preposterous  to  have  been  treated  seriously 
by  Roman  generals  or  geographers. 

I  have,  I  hope,  sufficiently  shown  what  has 
happened  to  all  who  endeavour  to  read  Varro' s 
catalogue  in  any  other  than  a  geographical  order. 
I  challenge  any  fresh  critic  to  provide  us  with  a 
satisfactory  alternative.  Unless  this  can  be  done, 
the  problem  of  Hannibal's  Pass  is  not  indeed 
solved,  but  we  are  entitled  to  claim  that  we  know 
in  what  part  of  the  chain  the  Romans  best  qualified 
to  judge  a  hundred  and  fifty  years  after  the  second 
Punic  War  believed  his  Pass  to  have  lain. 

^  See  Inscr.  Gall.  Cis.  Latin.,  vol.  v.  Part  2,  p.  761. 


The  \'alley  of  the  Ubayette  looking  west. 


Larche  and  the  ascent  to  the  Col  de  l'Arc.entiere. 


CHAPTER    II 

THE  DURANCE   PASSES 

We  have  found  ourselves  led,  in  order  to  satisfy 
the  requirements  of  the  classical  texts,  to  look 
for  an  Alpine  route  from  the  basin  of  the  Durance 
into  Piedmont,  lying  between  the  Coast-road  of 
Roman  and  modern  times  and  the  Mont  Genevre, 
and  practicable  for  an  army.  There  are  several 
tracks  over  this  part  of  the  range  that  may  serve 
in  summer  for  foot-passengers,  or  small  detach- 
ments of  troops.  Mr.  Coolidge,  who  from  his  wide 
reading  and  many  perambulations  of  the  Western 
Alps  is  a  formidable  authority  in  any  matter  con- 
nected with  them,  is  reluctant  to  allow  that  the  Col 
de  FArgentiere  belongs  to  a  category  different  to 
that  of  the  many  loftier  passes  that  lead  out  of 
Val  de  Queyras,  or  the  upper  Ubaye  valley,  or  of 
the  several  circuitous  and  less  accessible  gaps  near 
the  Mont  Genevre.  But  the  point  of  view  of  a 
stubborn  pedestrian  is  apt  to  assimilate  itself  to 
that  of  a  smuggler  or  a  peasant  rather  than  to  that 
of  the  leader  of  an  army.  I  must  maintain  my 
position  that  the  Col  de  I'Argentiere  was  rightly 
spoken  of  and  accepted  by  Brockedon  as  one  of 
Nature's  great  passes,  and  that  the  rest  are  by- 
ways. Strategical  considerations,  religious  perse- 
cutions,   greedy  nobles    and    prelates  with    their 


24  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

exactions  and  tolls,  political  frontiers  and  custom- 
houses, no  doubt  drove  from  time  to  time  small 
bodies  of  men,  refugees  and  military  or  com- 
mercial travellers,  to  leave  the  main  tracks.  My 
contention  is  that,  whenever  these  influences  or 
hindrances  were  removed,  traJB&c  resumed  its 
natural  channels,  the  passes  that  by  their  low- 
ness  and  relative  easiness  of  approach  recommend 
themselves  to  the  average  traveller.  Napoleon, 
holding  for  a  time  both  France  and  Italy,  set 
himself  to  reconstitute  the  Alpine  roads  of  the 
Caesars.  He  decreed  that  a  route  *  from  Spain 
to  Italy '  should  cross  the  Col  de  1' Argentiere.  For 
besides  the  Mont  Genevre  there  is  only  one  fre- 
quented historical  highway  through  the  mountains 
from  the  basin  of  the  Durance  to  that  of  the  Po. 
It  is  that  which,  leaving  the  Durance  valley  where 
it  bends  north  at  Mont  Dauphin,  crosses  the  ridge 
of  the  Col  de  Vars  (6939  ft.)  to  the  head-waters  of 
the  Ubaye,  and  then  the  main  chain  at  the  Col  de 
r Argentiere  (sometimes  called  Col  de  Larche  or 
Col  della  Maddalena)  i  (6545  ft.)  to  the  vaUey  of  the 
Stura.  In  primitive  times  and  countries  tracks  as  a 
rule  prefer  a  hiU  to  a  defile,^  and  the  first  pass  was 
a  means  of  avoiding  the  lower  gorges  of  the  Ubaye. 
These  passes  were  weU  known  to  the  Gauls.  A 
Keltic  cemetery  has  recently  been  discovered 
beside  the  modern  chapel  on  the  top  of  the  Col  de 
Vars,  and  the  objects  found  in  it  removed  (I  am 
told)  to  the  Museum  at  Digne.  The  word  Vars  is 
still  alive  in  local  patois,  and  designates  a  tomb  or 

^  Larche  is  the  highest  large  village  on  the  French  side.  There  is  a 
chapel  dedicated  to  .St.  Mary  Magdalen  on  the  top  of  the  pass. 

*  The  old  track  over  the  Forclaz  to  Chamonix  is  a  faniihar  Alpine 
example  of  this  tendency. 


THE  DURANCE  PASSES  25 

burial-place.^  That  these  passes  were  used  by  the 
Romans  is  proved  by  the  traces  of  a  Roman  camp 
on  the  hillside  above  Guillestre  commanding  the 
northern  approach  to  the  Col  de  Vars,  as  well  as 
by  numerous  discoveries  of  remains  in  the  Val  di 
Stura  and  the  Ubaye  district.  '  Quoi  qu'il  en 
soit,'  writes  M.  Rey  in  his  Royaume  de  Cottius 
(p.  248),  '  on  ne  saurait  emettre  des  doutes  apres 
les  nombreux  vestiges  recueillis  dans  le  sol  par  le 
Docteur  OUivier  sur  1' existence  a  I'epoque  Romaine 
d'lme  voie  regidiere  qui  par  le  Col  de  la  Madeleine 
joignait  la  vallee  de  1' Ubaye  a  celle  de  la  Stura.' 
In  A.D.  1515  these  passes  enter  prominently  into 
military  history.  The  adventures  and  troubles  of 
Francis  I.  in  getting  his  army  and  artillery  over 
them  are  picturesquely  recorded  in  a  letter  to 
his  mother  -written  from  St.  Paul,  a  village  between 
the  passes,  and  in  the  contemporary  works  cited 
below.  ^  I  shall  not  interrupt  my  main  argument 
here  to  tell  the  story.  Those  who  wish  to  compare 
the  French  king's  experiences  with  Hannibal's 
will  find  the  material  on  a  later  page. 

It  is  not  my  purpose  in  this  place  to  write  a 
mihtary  history  of  the  passes.  They  were  crossed 
by  armies  again  and  again;  in  1692,  1710,  and 
1744.  The  Marquis  de  St.  Simon  has  told  the 
story  of  the  campaign  of  1744,  in  which  he  was 

^  See  La  ValUe  de  Barcelonnette,  by  F.  Amaud.  Grenoble,  1900. 
For  Vars  see  also  Le  Royaume  de  Cottius,  by  R.  Rey.  Grenoble,  1898  ; 
and  Dr.  01U\ier,  Une  voie  Romaine  dans  la  ValUe  de  V  Ubaye,  1889. 

^  Signot  Jacques :  '  La  totale  et  vraie  description  de  tous  les  Passages 
Lieux  et  Destroictz  par  lesquelz  on  peut  facilement  passer  et  errer  des 
parties  de  Gaules  es  parties  d'ltalieet  signamment  par  oii  passerent  Han- 
nibal, Jules  Cesar,  Charles  vrn.,  Louis  xn.  et  Francois.  Paris,  1507.  Re- 
printed in  1515  (see  Appendix).     The  British  Museum  copy  is  of  1518. 

Pasquier  le  moine :  '  Le  Couronnement  du  Roy  Francois,'  etc.  Paris, 
1520. 


26  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

himself  concerned.  Among  more  recent  authors, 
Sismondi  blunders  sadly  over  the  local  orography 
(see  Brockedon,  Passes  of  the  Alps).  Michelet,  well 
called  by  M.  Anatole  France,  '  1' enfant  terrible  de 
I'histoire,'  so  revels  in  the  picturesque  that,  con- 
trasted to  his  extravagances,  Livy  may  well  seem 
the  most  chastened  of  historians. 

Turning  to  modern  authorities,  the  author  of 
Le  Alpi  che  cingono  F Italia  considerate  militar- 
mente  (Turin,  1845),  a  work  published  by  the 
Piedmontese  staff,  expresses  himself  as  follows 
(p.  525),  Vie  principali  che  valicavano  le  Alpi: 
'  La  prima  che  entrata  nella  Valle  di  Stura  saliva 
il  facil  Passo  dell'  Argentiera,  da  dove  forse  erano 
discesi  i  primi  Galli  in  Italia.  Finalmente  la 
stessa  via  calava  della  parte  opposta  de'  monti 
cosi  neir  Ambrunese  come  nella  Provenza  dei 
tempi  moderni.'  BaU,  in  the  Alpine  Guide,  writes 
of  the  Col  de  I'Argentiere  :  '  It  is  the  lowest  and 
most  accessible  pass  between  the  Col  di  Tenda  and 
Mont  Genevre.'  Joanne  says  :  '  Le  col  que  doit 
franchir  une  Route  Internationale  (now  made) 
est  un  des  plus  frequentes  des  Alpes,  des  milliers 
de  Piemontais  le  traversent  chaque  ete.' 

Signori  Martelli  and  Vaccarone,  in  their  Guida 
delle  Alpi  Occident ali,  1889,  say  :  '  This  pass  is  the 
easiest  and  most  important  of  all  those  leading  to 
France  between  the  Col  di  Tenda  and  Mont 
Genevre ;  it  was  known  to  the  Romans,  and  their 
passage  into  Gaul  by  this  route  is  proved  by  the 
inscriptions  found  at  Bersezio  and  Argentiera.'  ^ 

^  M.  Rey  suggests  that  certain  inscriptions,  possibly  the  same,  have 
been  shown  to  be  forgeries.  But  Mommsen,  in  Inscr.  Gall.  Cis.  Latin., 
vol.  V.  Part  2,  gives  five  inscriptions  found  at,  or  near,  Demonte,  and 
one  from  Bersezio. 


THE  DURANCE  PASSES  27 

Napoleon,  as  I  have  already  pointed  out,  recog- 
nised the  facility  and  importance  of  this  Col,  and 
decreed  the  construction  of  a  road  over  it  with 
the  title  '  Route  Imperiale  de  I'Espagne  en  Itahe.' 
I  saw  some  years  ago  near  Nismes  a  milestone 
with  the  inscription,  '  Route  de  Montpellier  a 
Coni.' 

I  have  myself  crossed  the  Col  de  Vars  once,  and 
the  Col  de  I'Argentiere  twice.  They  are  both, 
to  borrow  an  adjective  applied  by  the  late  Mr. 
Bullock  Hall  ^  to  the  Mont  Genevre,  very  '  human ' 
passes.  There  are  villages  a  mile  or  two  below 
their  summits,  cornfields  extend  to  within  500  feet 
of  their  crests.  The  upper  part  of  their  track 
winds  among  glades  or  over  open  pastures.  What 
difficulties  there  are  in  the  nature  of  the  ground  "^ 
lie  in  the  approaches  to  the  passes,  in  the  gorge  of 
the  Ubaye  below  St.  Paul,  and  on  the  Italian 
side  in  the  defile  of  the  Stura  known  as  The 
Barricades.  The  only  sterile  part  of  the  whole 
route  between  Mont  Dauphin  and  Cuneo  is  the 
upper  part  of  the  Stura  valley.^ 

This  point,  the  relative  fertility  and  adapta- 
bility to  culture  of  the  districts  traversed  by  the 
different  routes,  has  been  too  httle  considered. 
'  If  the  army  must  carry  its  food  through  the 
mountains,  the  shorter  the  route  through  them, 
the  smaller  the  number  of  days  for  which   tlie 

^  The  Romans  on  the  Riviera.  London,  1898.  A  very  interesting 
and  too  little  known  work  by  a  sound  scholar. 

^  There  are  none,  of  course,  on  the  modern  roads.  The  Col  de  Vars 
forms  part  of  the  '  Route  des  Alpes  '  from  fivian  to  Nice,  and  is  daily 
traversed  in  summer  by  two  pubhc  motor-brakes  at  some  peril  to  the 
occupants,  owing  to  the  windings  and  narrowness  of  the  track. 

'  '  Arida  e  cosparsa  di  roccie  prive  di  vegetazione.'  JIartelli  and 
Vaccarone,  Guida  delle  Alpi  Occidentali  di  Picmonte. 


28  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

supply  will  be  needed,  and  the  less,  therefore, 
the  burden  to  be  carried,'  ^  writes  a  military  critic. 
Both  the  Mont  Genevre  and  the  Vars-Argentiere 
routes  have  an  advantage  over  the  more  northern 
passes  in  this  respect.  There  are  villages  and 
cornfields,  cow-pastures  and  hay-meadows  all  the 
way ;  the  road  runs  through  a  country  adapted  for 
human  uses.  Doubtless  its  resources  are  not  capable 
of  feeding  an  army,  and  were  still  less  so  two 
thousand  years  ago,  but  they  may  well  have  served 
as  a  very  considerable  aid  to  the  commissariat, 
and  we  are  told  by  the  historians  that  they  did 
so.  These  two  considerations,  the  resources  of 
the  district  traversed  and  the  length  of  the  pass, 
have  to  be  weighed  and  balanced  in  deciding  the 
route  of  an  army  across  a  great  mountain  range. 

The  other  passes  leading  out  of  the  Durance 
basin  (other  than  the  Mont  Genevre)  are  more 
rugged,  and  with  one  exception  higher.  ^  It  is,  of 
course,  possible  to  assert  the  claims  of  such  by- 
ways as  the  Col  de  Vallante  (9269  ft.),  or  the  Col 
deir  Agnello  (9003  ft.).  The  latter  was  used  by  a 
detachment  of  cavalry  belonging  to  Francis  i.'s 
army,  and  is  frequented  by  Piedmontese  labourers 
seeking  employment  in  Provence.  The  Col  de  la 
Traversette  (9560  ft.),  famous  for  its  mediaeval 
tunnel,  has  also  been  mentioned.  But  no  sound 
argument  in  favour  of  any  of  them  is  as  yet  forth- 
coming. 

^  Prof.  S.  Wilkinson,  HannibaVs  March  ihrowjTi  the  Alps,  1911. 

2  The  Col  de  I'lfichelle  (5744  ft.),  the  lowest  in  the  Western  Alps,  lying 
north-west  of  the  Mont  Genevre,  never  appears  to  have  been  crossed  by 
anybody  worth  mentioning,  owing  perhaps  to  its  circuitousness  and 
inconvenience  compared  with  the  neighbouring  Mont  Genevre,  and  to 
the  steep  cliff  which  has  given  it  its  name. 


THE  DURANCE  PASSES  29 

As  I  have  already  indicated,  I  am  not  disposed 
to  lay  too  great  stress  on  exact  correspondences 
either  in  distances  or  in  local  features.  Ancient 
and  modern  roads  are  apt  to  differ.  An  accurate 
measurement  in  a  mountain  country  is  a  late 
result  of  civilisation,  while  rough  estimates  are, 
as  a  rule,  exaggerated.  Similar  caution  may,  in 
my  judgment,  profitably  be  used  in  considering 
the  more  picturesque  incidents  in  the  accounts  of 
the  Alpine  march.  The  pass  to  be  looked  for 
must  not  too  exactly  correspond  with  our  texts, 
but  should  offer,  even  in  its  natural  state,  difficul- 
ties less  than  those  described  in  them.  The  general 
tendency  of  historians  in  dealing  with  mountain 
campaigns  is  to  exaggerate  the  difficulties  of  the 
ground ;  and  difficulties  are  always  greater  to 
an  army  than  to  a  tourist.  Moreover  the  in- 
vestigator must  put  the  modem  highroad  out  of 
view  ;  he  must  follow,  or  try  to  imagine,  the  old 
tracks.  And  in  Hannibal's  case,  he  must  allow 
for  the  advanced  season,  the  middle  of  October,  if 
not  later.  So  far  as  I  can  judge  from  the  literature 
of  the  subject,  most  of  the  wTiters  who  deal  with 
Hannibal's  march  have  failed  altogether  to  realise 
the  vagaries  and  the  frequently  premature  rigours 
of  an  Alpine  autumn.  Commandant  Colin  even 
seems  to  think  (p.  42)  that  the  '  first  snowfall  on 
the  mountains  '  may  be  treated  as  a  fixed  date. 

The  record  of  the  autumn  of  1912  ought  to  be 
enough  to  disabuse  contemporaries  of  any  such 
delusion.  In  the  upper  valleys  of  the  French 
Alps  the  first  snow  generally  falls  some  time  in 
September.  But  it  can  do  so,  as  in  1912,  in 
August.      In  the  first  week  of   November  snow 


30  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

fell  as  far  down  as  Amberieux  at  the  foot  of  the 
Jura,  and  in  the  environs  of  Grenoble,  and  at  that 
date  there  was  already  ten  feet  of  snow  on  the 
mountains.  On  the  map  published  by  the  Tour- 
ing Club  of  France,  the  Argentiere  is  marked  as 
one  of  the  passes  closed  to  wheels  in  November. 
At  St.  Paul  I  was  told  the  average  winter  snowfall 
was  7  metres  (22  feet).  I  shall  have  to  return  to 
this  subject  of  the  snowfall.  It  is  of  primary 
importance  in  any  argument  as  to  Hannibal's 
adventures ;  and  yet  very  few  of  those  who  have 
written  about  them  have  shown  any  clear  con- 
ception of  the  climatic  conditions  of  the  Western 
Alps.  There  is  really  no  need  to  drag  Hannibal 
up  to  one  of  the  rare  glaciers  in  the  Cottian  Alps 
in  order  to  account  for  his  recorded  adventures. 

Gorges  and  white  rocks  can  be  found  on  every 
pass,  and  each  partisan  in  turn  soon  persuades 
himself  that  the  pass  he  inclines  to  has  the  most 
suitable  set.  I  do  not  pretend  to  rise  altogether 
superior  to  this  very  human  weakness.  But  I 
am  content  not  to  argue  more  from  such  coinci- 
dences than  that  the  Col  de  1' Argentiere  is  not  put 
out  of  the  running  by  any  fatal  incompatibility 
between  the  classical  texts  and  its  physical  features 
and  conditions. 


CHAPTER   III 

THE  VARS-ARGENTlfiRE  ROUTE 

I  MUST  now  ask  the  reader  who  has  got  thus  far  to 
join  me  in  an  attempt  to  go  over  the  ground  with 
the  classical  texts  in  our  hands,  and  to  ascertain 
what  are  the  points  in  which  they  wiU  support, 
and  where  they  may  weaken,  our  identification  of 
the  Vars-Argentiere  route  as  Hannibal's. 

For  the  present  I  shall  assume  that  my  readers 
are  prepared  to  accept  the  generally  received  in- 
terpretation of  Polybius  and  Livy  and  to  recognise 
as  the  Island  the  district  between  the  Hhone  and 
the  Isere.  Those  who  are  disposed  to  contest  this 
view,  I  must  refer  to  the  final  chapter. 

From  the  Confluence  near  Valence  we  have  to 
find  a  fairly  easy  route  up  to  the  scene  of  the 
first  battle.  It  ought,  if  we  read  the  text  of 
Polybius  in  the  usual  way,  to  be  about  eight 
hmidred  stades  in  distance  from  the  Confluence. 

Let  us  take  up  Livy.  According  to  his  account, 
after  settling  the  local  disputes  in  the  Island, 
Hannibal  turned  to  the  left  from  the  Confluence, 
leaving  the  direct  road  to  Italy  on  his  right.  One 
direct  road  to  Italy,  in  Livy's  time  a  well-known 
Roman  highroad,  is  clear  on  the  map.  It  leads 
from  the  Rhone  up  the  vaUey  of  the  Drome,  past 
Die  and  over  the  Col  de  Cabre.     If  he  marched 

SI 


32  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

up  the  Isere,  Hannibal  faced,  as  Polybius  says, 
eastward  and  turned  to  the  left.^  He  would  soon 
reach  the  junction  of  the  Drac  with  the  Isere,  and 
find  a  track  up  the  valley  of  the  former  which 
would  lead  him  towards  the  more  southern  Alpine 
passes.  It  is  a  track  which  has  been  used,  as  I 
shaU  show  later,  by  modern  armies  bent  on  the 
invasion  of  Italy. 

The  nature  of  this  region,  the  basin  of  the  Drac, 
has  been  singularly  misrepresented  by  several  of 
my  predecessors  in  this  discussion.  I  have  been 
through  it  myself  more  than  once.  It  is  by  no 
means  barren.  It  consists  of  a  series  of  broad, 
cultivated  slopes  and  platforms,  cut  across  by 
the  trenches  of  the  torrents  which  flow  out  of  the 
snowy  heights  of  Dauphin e.  This  is  the  descrip- 
tion given  by  Joanne  of  the  country  between  Le 
Mure  and  Corps :  '  Cette  contree  est  appelee  Le 
Beaumont.  En  effet  il  est  peu  de  pays  de  mon- 
tagne  plus  beau.  Les  ruisseaux  sont  hordes  de 
frenes  et  de  saules,  les  hauteurs  sont  couronnees 
de  chenes,  les  productions  les  plus  varices  s'y 
succedent :  vignobles,  vergers,  pres,  jardins, 
chenevieres,  bouquets  d'arbres,  maisons  encadrees 
de  feuillage,  en  attestent  la  fertilite.'  ^ 

Livy  goes  on  to  give  the  names  of  three 
tribes  Hannibal  passed  through;  the  Tricastini, 
Vocontii,  and  Tricorii. 

The  Tricastini  lay,  according  to  most  com- 
mentators and  the  atlases,  far  south,  near  St. 
Paul-Trois-Chateaux.     What    authority    there    is 

^  I  see  no  reason  to  suppose  that  Hannibal  marched  up  the  left 
bank  of  the  Isere. 

*  Joanne,  Jura  et  Alpes  Frangaises,  1877,  p.  726. 


THE  VARS-ARGENTIERE  ROUTE      33 

for  this  location  of  them,  except  a  possible  indica- 
tion in  the  name  of  the  town,  I  have  not  yet  been 
able  to  find.  Mr.  Long,  in  Smith's  Dictionary 
of  Ancient  Geography,  places  them  between  the 
Drome  and  Isere,  following  in  this  Ptolemy,  who 
located  them  next  to  the  Allobroges  and  east 
of  the  Segalauni  on  the  banks  of  the  Isere.  In  the 
notes  to  the  fine  edition  of  Ptolemy  (Paris,  1887), 
edited  by  Herr  MiiUer,  this  position  for  the  tribe 
is  asserted,  and  the  causes  by  which  many  writers 
had  been  led  to  place  them  further  south  are  fully 
explained.  It  may  be  noted  that  the  old  Swiss 
geographer  Simler  places  them  in  the  Trieves 
district  between  Grenoble  and  Gap.^ 

Now  let  us  see  about  '  the  furthest  parts  of 
the  territory  of  the  Vocontii.'  Here  we  have  no 
difficulty.  Joanne  fixes  Vizille  on  the  Drac  as 
their  frontier,  and  it  would  be  their  further 
frontier  as  opposed  to  their  nearer  frontier  on 
the  road  up  the  Drome.  '  Vizille  (Vigilia,  Castra 
Vigihae)  .  .  .  surveillait  les  belliqueux  Voconces 
etablis  sur  la  rive  gauche  du  Drac'  ^ 

Following  up  the  same  vaUey,  we  find  in  St. 
Bonnet  the  chief  town  of  the  Tricorii,  '  ville 
principale  des  Tricoriens  a  I'epoque  gauloise.'  ^ 
They  are  supposed  to  have  been  clients  of  the 
Allobroges.* 

We  have  thus  found  for  Hannibal  a  road  to 
the  foot  of  the  Alps  fairly  satisfying  the  require- 
ments of  both  narratives  ;    for  the  eight  hundred 

^  See  Coolidge,  J.  Simler  et  les  origines  de  VAlpinisme,  j).  199.  See  also 
Mr.  T.  Rice  Holmes  in  Caesar's  Conquest  of  Gatil  (Oxford  University 
Press,  1912),  on  the  Allobroges  and  Vocontii. 

2  Alpes  Franqaises,  p.  72U.  ^  Alpes  Franchises,  p.  729. 

*  See  Rice  Holmes,  of.  cit. 

C 


34  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

stades  from  the  confluence  near  Valence  would  have 
brought  Hannibal  to  a  point  near  Corps,  to  the 
foot  of  the  first  pass,  that  between  the  Drac  and 
the  Durance.^  It  is  a  broad- topped  ridge,  some- 
what steep  on  both  sides,  and  now  well  cultivated. 
In  the  basin  to  its  south  lies  the  town  of  Gap,  the 
Gallo-Roman  Vapincum.  On  this  ridge,  the  Col 
Bayard,  we  may  place  without  any  straining  of 
the  narrative  the  incidents  of  the  first  battle, 
fought  according  to  Polybius  with  Allobroges,  but 
according  to  Livy  with  unnamed  '  barbarians.' 
But  here  we  encounter  a  difficulty  which  has  been 
made  a  great  deal  of :  if  the  Allobroges  dwelt,  as 
Livy  says,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Island, 
what  business  had  any  of  them  so  far  south  ?  At 
a  later  period  their  centre  was  Vienne.^ 

On  this  point,  I  may  quote  Mr.  Marindin  :  '  It 
cannot  be  assumed  that  Celtic  tribes  had  precisely 
the  same  limits  of  territory  in  218  B.C.  and  in  the 
time  of  Julius  Caesar."  The  chief  seat  of  the  Allo- 
broges in  the  days  of  Polybius  may  well  have 
been  in  the  district  south  of  the  Isere.  According 
to  his  narrative  it  extended  over  plain  and  moun- 
tain for  a  distance  of  several  days'  march.  Since  in 
later  times,  however,  their  chief  town  was  Vienne, 
Livy  may  very  easily  have  been  led  to  write 
according  to  the  location  of  the  tribe  in  his  own 


^  Some  writers  have,  as  I  have  ah-eady  pointed  out,  attempted  to 
distinguish  between  the  Ascent  of  the  Alps  of  c.  50  and  the  Ascent  of  the 
Alps  leading  to  Italy  of  c.  39,  and  allege  that  it  is  permissible  to  count 
800  stades  from  the  Passage  (Cohn,  p.  339).  This  reading  seems  to 
me  contrary  both  to  the  letter  and  spirit  of  Polybius,  who  looked  on 
the  Alps  as  a  whole.  Compare  otto  roiv  Kara  rbv  ''Pobavov  roiroiv  (ve^aXfv 
(Is  'IraXiav,  of  ch.  47  and  ch.  56,  where  the  fifteen  days  clearly  cover 
what  has  passed  from  the  beginning  of  the''AX7recov  ava^oXr)  of  ch.  49. 

2  Ptolemy,  Geo.  11.  10.  Commandant  Cohn  has  laid  down  their 
limits  as  extending  southwards  of  Grenoble  for  some  ten  miles. 


THE  VARS-ARGENTIERE  ROUTE      35 

day.  I  am  unable  to  agree  with  Commandant 
Colin  that  here  are  *  two  blunders,  two  enormous 
blunders  which  spoil  the  whole  picture.'  ^  We  must 
remember  that  the  term  Allobroges  was  used  very 
widely  in  later  Roman  times ;  minor  tribes  accepted 
their  hegemony,  and  the  people  thus  designated 
played  a  leading  part  in  the  later  history  of  Gaul.^ 
I  may,  perhaps,  suggest  a  parallel  case  in  recent 
history  which  may  possibly  help  my  readers  to 
take  a  more  charitable  view  of  Livy's  short- 
comings. I  have  sometimes  amused  myself  by 
imagining  the  difficulties  and  confusion  writers 
two  thousand  years  hence  may  fall  into  should 
they  attempt  to  unravel  the  allusions  to  the  tribes 
of  the  Caucasus  in  English  books  and  newspapers 
of  the  time  of  the  Crimean  War.  The  term 
'  Circassian  '  was  used  habitually  with  the  most 
reckless  inaccuracy.  Schamyl,  a  native  of 
Daghestan,  was  spoken  of  as  a  Circassian.  The 
true  seat  of  the  tribe  is  two  hundred  miles  further 
west  mider  Elbruz  and  along  the  north-west  flanks 
of  the  chain.  It  is  separated  by  the  land  of  the 
Ossetes  and  the  Darial  Pass  from  the  eastern 
highlands  and  their  denizens.  I  have  found  an 
acquaintance  with  the  Caucasus,  as  it  was  forty- 
four  years  ago,  and  in  some  respects  is  still, 
some  help   in    my  attempt  to  realise   the  state 

^  See  also  pp.  72-4.  Livy  calls  the  quarrelsome  tribe  Allobroges,  the 
guides  supplied  to  Hannibal  Gauls ;  the  friendly  people  of  the  low 
country — in  Polybius  Allobroges — are  to  him  also  Gaids  ;  the  hostile 
tribe  are  distinguished  as  '  mountaineers,'  but  he  adds  that  there 
was  '  httle  difference  in  language  and  customs '  between  them  and 
the  Galhc  guides.  Polybius  calls  the  hostile  tribe  Allobroges  and 
barbarians  alternately. 

"^  The  anonymous  author  of  HannibaVs  Passage  of  the  Alps  (London  : 
Whittaker  and  Co.,  1830)  aptly  quotes  Strabo:  'AXXo/S/joyej  fivpiaat 
TToXKaii  irpoTfpov   fxiv  farpaTevov,  vvv   fie   yewpyovai  to,  nfdia  koI  tovs 


36  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

of  the  Alps  in  the  time  of  the  Caesars,  if  not 
in  Hannibal's. 

The  same  battle  is  described  by  Livy — the 
incidents  are  obviously  identical — but  placed 
beyond  the  Durance.  On  this  point  all  attempts 
to  establish  a  complete  accordance  between  the 
two  historians  seem  to  me  to  break  dowai.  There 
is  a  discrepancy  between  Polybius  and  Livy  wliich 
can  only  be  accounted  for  by  some  failure  of  the 
later  writer  in  collating  his  authorities.  I,  at 
any  rate,  have  no  better  explanation  to  offer.  In 
this  particular  I  feel  obliged  to  follow  Polybius 
and  reject  Livy. 

Having  revictualled  his  forces  in  the  neighbour- 
hood of  Gap,  Hannibal  set  out  on  his  further  march 
into  and  up  the  Durance  valley.  The  traveller 
who  now  takes  this  direction,  either  by  road  or 
rail,  soon  leaves  behind  the  pleasant  farms  and 
meadows  of  the  Gap  basin,  and  enters  a  valley 
where  an  impetuous  stream  runs  riot  in  a  wide 
stony  bed,  where  each  tributary  torrent  flows  out 
of  the  hills  on  the  top  of  an  enormous  fan  of  gritty 
soil,  torn  from  the  gashed  and  tottering  flanks  of 
the  gaunt  mountains  overhead.  It  is  an  abomina- 
tion of  desolation  which  will  remind  the  eastern 
traveller  of  some  remote  region,  such  as  the  vale 
of  the  Araxes  below  Julfa,  rather  than  of  any 
scenery  he  is  familiar  with  in  the  Alps.  The  land- 
scape before  his  eyes  answers  in  every  detail  to 
the  description  of  Livy.  How  some  writers  can 
venture  to  dispute  this  correspondence,  I  am,  I 
confess,  at  a  loss  to  understand.^ 

^  M.  Chappuis,  a  native  of  the  French  Alps,  here  entirely  agrees 
with  me.     See  his  tracts  referred  to  in  the  Appendix. 


THE  VARS-ARGENTIERE  ROUTE      37 

Beyond  Embrun  the  scenery  becomes  less  for- 
bidding, and  at  Mont  Dauphin  the  Durance 
valley  bends  sharply  north.  Before  reaching 
the  angle  Hannibal's  guides  made  him  cross 
the  river,  which  would  not  have  been  needful  had 
he  been  making  for  the  ]\Iont  Genevre. 

From  this  point  there  is  no  difficulty  in  fitting 
the  texts  with  the  ground  up  to  the  second  battle. 
We  can  imagine  the  Carthaginians  turning  their 
backs  on  the  eternal  snows  of  Dauphine  and  tramp- 
ing along  the  projecting  crest  of  the  hog's-back, 
which  leads  up  to  a  broad  recess  in  the  hills  now 
occupied  by  villages  and  cornfields.  The  track 
next  mounts  over  gentle  wooded  slopes  to  the 
green  ridge  of  the  Col  de  Vars,  and  then  descends 
transversely  across  pasturages  to  a  stream  some 
way  above  St.  Paul,  at  the  spot  where  an  upper 
hamlet  now  stands.  The  local  topography  will  be 
better  understood  by  the  aid  of  a  diagram.  Below 
the  junction  of  the  water  from  the  Col  de  Vars 
and  the  Ubaye,  the  united  streams  flow  through  a 
narrow  ravine,  the  Pas  de  la  Reyssole,  only  made 
practicable  for  wheels  since  1849.  The  old  mule 
path,  after  crossing  the  Vars  torrent  at  the  upper 
hamlet,  traversed  on  a  high  shelf  for  at  least  half  a 
mile  a  hillside,  precipitous  in  places  and  exposed 
in  others  to  the  frequent  fall  of  stones  from  lofty 
cliffs  of  exceptionally  loose  and  crumbling  rock. 
The  track  is  alternately  carried  on  galleries,  or  cut 
through  spurs :  a  ruined  tower  defends  its  lower 
end.  It  would  be  impossible  to  find  a  defile  more 
exactly  corresponding  with  Livy's  description  of  the 
scene  of  the  second  engagement.  Professor  Wilkin- 
son has  stated  that,  from  a  military  point  of  view, 


38  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

he  considers  it  one  of  the  worst  defiles  he  knows.  I 
would  add  a  detail  (not,  I  think,  hitherto  noticed) 
suggested  to  my  mind  by  Livy's  text ;  his 
narrative  appears  to  imply  that  this  action  was 
fought  during  a  descent,  which  would  be  the  case 
here.  The  spot,  a  natural  gateway,  seems  to  me 
a  likely  one  for  the  tribes  of  the  Ubaye  to  choose 
for  their  stand ;  they  may  well  have  taken  advan- 
tage of  this  favourable  opportunity  to  resist  the 
invader. 

It  is  about  fifty  miles  from  Gap  to  the  Pas  de  la 
Reyssole,  and  fourteen  on  to  the  top  of  the  Col  de 
I'Argentiere.  Distances,  as  I  have  already  noted, 
are  complicated  by  the  difference  between  old 
paths  and  new  roads — new  roads  in  the  moun- 
tains are  as  a  rule  longer — and  are  not  to  be  too 
closely  compared,  but  these  will  fit  well  enough 
with  the  days  allowed  by  Polybius  and  Livy. 
Nor  is  there  any  difficulty  in  making  the  total 
distances  assigned  for  the  march  from  the  passage 
of  the  Rhone  to  the  Italian  plain  fit  in  with  the 
route  we  are  following. 

The  next  important  point  in  the  texts  is  the 
account  of  what  took  place  on  or  near  the  top  of 
the  pass  over  the  Alpine  watershed.  The  summit 
was  broad  enough  for  an  army  to  camp  on,  and 
not  too  lofty  for  it  to  halt  for  two  days  in  late 
autumn.  Polybius  and  Livy  both  give  us,  in 
terms  so  nearly  identical  as  to  show  that  they 
either  drew  from  a  common  source,  or  that  the 
later  historian  copied  his  predecessor,  a  report  of 
a  speech  made  by  Hannibal  to  his  troops  during 
their  halt.  Polybius  abounds  in  reports  of 
speeches,  which  imply  either  an  able  reporter  on 


THE  VARS-ARGENTIERE  ROUTE      39 

the  spot,  or  an  artistic  appreciation  of  the  situa- 
tion in  its  human  aspect  on  the  part  of  the 
historian.  We  have  in  these  few  chapters  deahng 
with  the  Passage  of  the  Alps,  not  only  the  speech 
on  the  mountain,  but  the  harangue  of  the  Gallic 
chieftains  at  the  passage  of  the  Rhone,  Hannibal's 
consequent  address  of  encouragement  to  his 
troops,  and  Hannibal's  and  Scipio's  speeches  to 
their  armies  on  the  Ticino.  That  we  have  in  any 
of  these  cases  a  literal  reproduction,  or  anything 
like  a  precise  record  of  what  was  said,  is  out  of 
the  question.  Discussions  as  to  the  force  of  the 
Greek  prepositions  employed  ;  whether  Hannibal 
'  pointed  out '  the  plains  of  Piedmont,  but  only 
'  indicated  the  direction  '  of  Rome,  would  strike 
me,  therefore,  as  somewhat  trivial,  even  did  not 
a  competent  critic  like  ]\Ir.  Marindin  deny  that 
there  is  any  scholarly  basis  for  most  of  them. 

It  may  be  convenient  to  bring  back  to  the  minds 
of  my  readers  the  passages  in  question.  Polybius 
must  come  first : 

'  Hannibal,  seeing  his  men  discouraged  both 
on  account  of  the  hardships  already  undergone 
and  those  they  anticipated,  called  them  together 
and  strove  to  cheer  them  up,  having  a  single 
ground  for  this,  the  evidence  ^  (ivapyeia)  of 
Italy.  For  it  lies  so  close  mider  the  aforesaid 
mountains  that  to  those  who  contemplate  both  in 
one  view  the  Alps  appear  to  bear  the  relation  of 
an  Akropolis  to  the  whole  of  Italy.     Wherefore, 

^  See  Law,  The  Alps  of  Hannibal  (London,  1866),  vol.  i.  p.  254,  for 
grounds  for  this  translation  of  the  Greek  word  when  used  by  Polj'bius, 
He  cites  many  other  passages  to  the  point.  Commandant  Colin 
supplies  his  readers  vdih  a  French  translation  of  the  whole  passage 
somewhat  coloured  by  his  own  convictions. 


40  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

pointing  out  to  his  men  the  plains  about  the  Po, 
and  reminding  them  of  the  general  friendliness  of 
the  Gauls  who  inhabited  them,  and  at  the  same 
time  indicating  the  position  of  Rome  itself,  he  to  a 
certain  extent  raised  their  spirits.' 

So  far  Polybius.  Let  us  now  take  up  Livy : 
'  Hannibal,  having  advanced  the  standards  to 
a  promontory  whence  there  was  a  view  far  and 
wide,  and  ordered  the  soldiers  to  halt,  points  out 
Italy  and  the  plains  about  the  Po  lying  under  the 
Alpine  range  (telhng  them),  ''  they  were  sur- 
mounting not  only  the  walls  of  Italy,  but  those  of 
Rome  itself,  that  the  rest  would  all  be  level  or 
downhill,  that  by  one  or  at  the  most  two  battles 
they  would  become  the  possessors  and  masters  of 
the  citadel  and  head  of  Italy."  ' 

Now  to  my  mind  all  that  these  passages  convey  is 
that  Hannibal  made  a  picturesque  speech  suitable 
to  the  occasion.  The  phrase  Livy  employs,  '  the 
rest  would  be  level  or  downhill,'  suggests  to  me 
a  sufficient  key  to  all  that  follows.  To  any  born 
leader  of  men,  the  downward  slope  of  path  and 
stream,  the  warmer  glow  over  an  Italian  horizon, 
would  hint  the  occasion  for  an  appeal  to  the 
imagination  of  his  followers.  I  cannot  bring 
myself  into  the  frame  of  mind  of  those  who  main- 
tain that  each  reported  phrase  must  be  taken  '  at 
the  foot  of  the  letter,'  and  that  an  extensive  view 
over  Piedmont  is  '  the  crucial  requirement '  for 
Hannibal's  Pass.  If  I  am  wrong  here,  at  least  I 
am  wrong  in  very  good  company.  For  not  one  of 
the  great  passes  of  the  Western  Alps  enjoys  such 
a  view.  The  supporters  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard, 
the  Mont  Cenis,  and  the  Mont  Genevre  are  there- 


The  Col  nE  l'Argentiere  lookim;  towards  Italy. 


The  Lac  de  la  .Madelalne  looklnc,  west. 


THE  VARS-ARGENTIERE  ROUTE      41 

fore  all  sharers  in  my  error.  It  has  been  left  to 
some  French  officers  to  put  a  literal  interpretation 
on  the  classical  texts,  to  push  it  to  its  logical 
consequence,  and  to  have  the  good  fortune  to 
convert  an  Alpine  expert  in  Dauphine,  M.  Ferrand, 
and  a  distinguished  military  critic  in  our  own 
country,  Professor  Spenser  Wilkinson. 

On  a  subsequent  page  I  shall  pursue  these 
bold  adventurers  in  their  search  among  the  loftier, 
more  rugged,  and  obscure  byways  of  the  Alps  for 
a  pass  which  comphes  with  their  two  '  crucial 
requirements ' :  a  plain  on  the  top  large  enough  for 
an  army  to  camp  on,  and  a  view  extending  over 
Piedmont  and  suggesting  the  road  to  Rome. 
But  for  the  moment  we  will  return  to  the  Col  de 
r  Argentiere.  That  pass,  like  most  of  the  other  great 
passes  into  France  of  the  Western  Alps,  offers  on,  or 
near,  its  summit  a  wide  extent  of  available  camp- 
ing ground.  But  it  commands  no  view  whatever 
of  the  Piedmontese  plain  ;  the  eyes  range  over 
mountain  spurs  until  they  are  caught  by  the 
highest  crests  of  the  Maritime  Alps  some  thirty- 
five  miles  off.  There  are  sunny  distances,  there 
is  a  warmer  colour  in  the  atmosphere,  but  these  are 
the  only  signs  that  the  traveller  stands  in  one  of 
the  Gates  of  Italy.  If  the  speech  reported  is  to 
be  taken  literally,  Hannibal  and  his  host  cannot 
have  passed  this  way.     But  must  it  be  so  taken  ? 

The  difficulties  on  the  descent  have  now  to  be 
dealt  with,  and  here  the  statements  in  the  texts 
will  require  from  us  unusually  careful  considera- 
tion. The  majority  of  critics,  whether  from  lack 
of  mountain  experience,  or  of  knowledge  of  the 
climate  of  the  Western  Alps,   have  fallen    into 


42  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

strange  confusion  in  the  discussion  of  details  which 
suggest  httle  or  no  difficulty  to  the  Alpine  expert. 

Snow,  says  Polybius,  had  already  fallen  on  the 
summits,  and  in  the  first  descent  the  track  proved 
steep  and  slippery.  After  a  time  a  point  was 
reached  where  it  had  been  carried  away  for  some 
three  hundred  yards.  An  attempt  was  made  to 
get  round  the  gap  by  a  higher  route,  involving 
the  crossing  of  a  snowfield  or  avalanche  bed. 
This,  however,  had  to  be  abandoned :  '  for  what 
happened,'  explains  Polybius,  '  was  singular  and 
unexpected.'  On  the  top  of  the  old  snow  that 
remained  from  the  previous  winter  was  a  layer  of 
new  snow,  which  being  fresh,  still  soft,  and  having 
no  depth,  was  easily  penetrated.  So  that  the 
men,  when  they  trod  through  it  on  to  the  harder 
snow  below,  made  no  impression,  but  slipped 
with  both  feet  at  once.  The  animals,  however, 
broke  into  the  lower  snow,  and  many  of  them 
stuck  as  if  trapped.  Consequently  the  attempt 
was  abandoned  and  men  were  set  to  work  to  repair 
the  proper  path. 

Livy  gives  in  the  main  the  same  account,  some 
sentences  being  practically  common  to  both 
authors.  But  he  adds  that  in  the  attempted 
descent  along  the  path  the  soldiers  at  first  helped 
themselves  by  holding  on  to  stumps  and  bushes. 
When,  however,  an  attempt  was  made  to  find  a 
higher  and  more  circuitous  track  over  the  snov»', 
they  found  no  such  aid  at  hand.  He  tells  us 
further  that  in  order  to  improve  the  old  path 
'  huge  trees  '  were  cut  down,  a  bonfire  lighted,  and 
the  heated  rocks  split  by  pouring  on  them  acetum. 
The  rock  was  then  broken  up  with  tools,  and  the 


THE  VARS-ARGENTIERE  ROUTE      43 

gradient  lessened  by  moderate  zigzags,  so  that  the 
elephants  as  well  as  the  baggage  could  pass. 
During  the  halt  round  the  cliff  the  transport 
animals  were  on  short  commons,  for  the  summits 
were  bare,  and  snow  covered  whatever  pasture 
there  might  have  been  earlier  in  the  season. 

The  Alpine  traveller  is  struck  at  once  on  examin- 
ing in  detail  and  comparing  the  two  texts  by  the 
extremely  accurate  and  graphic  account  here 
given  of  what  happens  when  men  and  animals 
have  to  cross  new  snow  lying  on  old.  I  have 
often  found  such  a  state  of  things  ;  in  1881  on 
the  Col  du  Bonhomme  the  effects  described  were 
exactly  reproduced,  the  first  snow  having  fallen 
on  15th  August,  the  second  a  fortnight  later.  ^ 
There  is  not  in  my  opinion  the  least  excuse  for 
dragging  in,  as  some  writers  do,  a  glacier.  The 
surface  of  the  lower  end  of  a  glacier  is  too  hard 
to  be  broken  into  by  traffic  ;  the  snow  of  an 
avalanche  bed,  on  the  other  hand,  lends  itself  to 
the  inconveniences  described.  One  set  of  ques- 
tions, however,  may  fairly  be  asked.  Could  snow, 
avalanche  or  other,  from  the  previous  winter  or 
spring  have  lain  through  a  whole  summer  below  or 
near  the  tree-level  in  the  Maritime  Alps  ?  Again, 
could  a  snowfall,  which  had  lain  long  enough  to 
consolidate,  happen  in  the  autumn  at  a  level  so 
low  that  '  big  trees  '  were  close  at  hand  ;  or  could 
an  avalanche  have  fallen  as  early  as  late  October  ? 
My  own  former  and  very  recent  experiences  lead 
me  to  believe  that  there  is  no  impossibility  in 
either  occurrence.     '  Singular  and  unlooked  for,' 

*  It  is  worth  noting  that  some  tourists  I  met  on  the  pass  believed,  the 
lower  snow  to  be  that  of  the  previous  winter. 


44  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

Polybius  calls  the  incident,  and  the  phrase  seems 
to  me  to  meet  the  occasion. 

As  I  have  already  pointed  out,  in  bad  seasons, 
such  as  1912,  snow  falls  in  the  Alps  much  earlier 
and  more  often  than  most  men  of  letters,  or  even 
summer  tourists,  realise.  In  1912  snow  fell  down 
to  Brian9on  in  the  last  days  of  August.  Early  in 
September  six  inches  lay  on  the  Little  St.  Bernard. 
Twice  in  September  it  fell  and  lay  for  days  down 
to  5500  feet  on  the  hills  of  Como. 

In  the  middle  of  that  month,  in  another  part  of 
the  Alps  I  saw  fresh  avalanches  lying  at  4000-5000 
feet.  In  the  first  week  of  November  six  feet  of 
snow  lay  on  the  mountains  round  Grenoble,  and 
it  fell  as  far  down  as  the  Gresivaudan,  and  at 
Amberieux  at  the  foot  of  the  Jura  on  the  Lyons- 
Geneva  Railway.  I  do  not  therefore  think  it 
improbable  that  the  difficulties  described  might 
be  met  with  below  the  tree-level  on  any  of  the 
passes  of  the  Western  Alps,  even  without  the  in- 
tervention of  an  avalanche,  at  the  end  of  October. 

The  description  given  by  St.  Simon,  one  of 
the  leaders  engaged,  of  the  retreat  through  the 
Barricades  in  Val  di  Stura  of  the  French  troops 
on  15th  November  1744,  may  be  apposite  here.  It 
should  be  contrasted  with  the  two  following  state- 
ments, which  have  recently  been  put  forward. 
'  The  sole  difficulty  of  the  defile  of  the  Barricades 
in  war  is  that  which  has  sometimes  been  caused  by 
an  enemy's  resistance.  .  .  .  There  is  on  the  descent 
from  the  Col  de  Larche  (the  Col  de  I'Argentiere) 
no  possibility  of  men  or  mules  falling  over  a 
precipice.'  So  writes  Professor  Wilkinson.  But 
this  is  St.  Simon's  story  of  his  own  experience  : 


THE  VARS-ARGENTIERE  ROUTE      45 

'  II  n'est  pas  possible  de  former  une  idee  de  ce  que 
I'armee  eut  a  souffrir  vers  la  fin  du  jour  lorsqu'elle 
passa  le  defile  des  Barricades.  Le  vent  le  plus 
froid  jetait  une  poussiere  fine  melee  d'un  gresil  dur 
et  piquant  qui  s'attachait  a  tout  ce  qu'il  rencontrait 
et  s'y  convertissait  en  un  moment  en  verglas  ;  le 
chemin  devenait  comme  ime  glace  sur  laquelle 
ni  les  hommes  ni  les  chevaux  pouvaient  plus  se 
soutenir,  plus  de  cent  soldats  perirent  du  froid  et 
de  ce  vent  qu'il  est  mortel  de  respirer.  Le  Camp 
occupa  une  petite  plaine  couverte  de  neige  ou  il 
n'y  avait  ni  arbres,  ni  asile,  ni  ressource.  Les 
soldats  chercherent  d'abord  quelque  paille  ou 
fourrage  dans  les  environs,  mais  ne  trouvant 
absolument  rien,'  etc. ;  and  again,  '  Les  equipages 
et  les  hommes  precipites  roulaient  des  mon- 
tagnes.'  ^ 

Some  of  my  readers  may  suggest  that  the  Vars- 
Argentiere  route,  on  account  of  its  more  southern 
course,  is  likely  to  be  the  least  exposed  to  such 
premature  obstruction.  Meteorological  records 
do  not  confirm  this  objection.  The  physical  geo- 
grapher will  point  out  that  the  Maritime  Alps, 
being  the  first  heights  to  catch  the  moisture-laden 
sea- winds,  enjoy  an  exceptionally  heavy  snoAvfall. 
Beaumont  in  his  Travels  (a.d.  1795)  tells  us  that 
the  snowfall  on  the  Maritime  Alps  is  heavier 
than  on  the  Mont  Cenis.     He  mentions,  as  his  own 

^  The  following  further  facts  as  to  the  past  autumn  are  quoted  from 
La  Montagne,  the  official  pubUcation  of  the  Club  Alpin  Fran9ai3  for 
this  year.  In  the  last  days  of  August  and  first  of  September  snow  fell 
down  to  5000  feet  in  the  Tarentaise,  and  the  cattle  had  to  descend  from 
the  Alps.  In  October  two  shght  snowfalls  early  in  the  month  were 
followed  on  the  21st  by  a  storm  which  forced  the  cattle  to  be  brought 
from  the  fields  into  their  stables.  At  the  end  of  the  month  snow  was 
lying  down  to  4600  feet,  and  there  were  many  avalanche.«. 


-  46  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

experience,  a  fall  of  '  full  three  feet '  on  7th  August 
on  the  Col  di  Tenda  ;  on  22nd  September  he  saw 
a  soldier  frozen  to  death  on  the  same  pass.  On 
9th  June  1769  six  inches  of  snow  fell  in  the  town  of 
Demonte  (2553  ft.)  in  Val  di  Stura.i  i^  the  third 
week  of  June  1883  I  saw  plenty  of  avalanche  snow 
lying  in  the  gullies  below  Pietra  Porzio  in  the  same 
valley. 

On  another  occasion  I  saw  snow  falling  among 
the  chestnut  woods  of  the  Maritime  Alps  on  24th- 
25th  September,  and  Ij^ing  heavily  on  all  the  ridges 
and  slopes  above  5500  feet.  And  if  anything,  the 
climate  was  moister  2000  years  ago  than  now,  for 
the  destruction  of  forests,  in  the  French  Alps, 
must  have  diminished  deposition. 

If  x^^f^^^  could  in  this  case  legitimately  be 
taken  to  mean  '  storm,'  I  should  see  no  difficulty 
whatever.  If,  however,  the  more  general  inter- 
pretation '  winter '  must  prevail,  and  I  do  not 
overlook  the  fact  that  a  little  further  on  Polybius 
uses  the  word  in  this  sense,  then,  unless  a  mistake 
as  to  the  date  of  the  lower  snow  was  made  by  the 
chroniclers  with  Hannibal — which  is  by  no  means 
improbable — the  occurrence  described  was  un- 
doubtedly of  the  exceptional  character  attributed 
to  it  by  the  Greek  writer.  But  I  repeat  there  is 
nothing  impossible  in  the  story  as  told  us  by  the 
classical  historians.^ 

So  much  for  the  climatic  conditions.     We  must 

^  See  a  curious  and  entertaining  volume :  '  A  true  and  particular 
account  of  the  most  surprising  Preservation  and  happy  DeUverance  of 
three  women  who  were  buried  thirty-seven  days  in  the  ruins  of  a  stable 
by  a  heavy  fall  of  snow  from  the  mountains  at  the  village  of  Bergemoletto 
in  Italy,  with  curious  remarks  by  Ignazio  Somis,  Professor  of  Physic 
in  the  University  of  Turin,'  etc.     London,  176S. 

2  It  may  be  worth  noticing  that  in  the  upper  Val  di  Stura,  both 


THE  VARS-ARGENTIERE  ROUTE      47 

now  consider  how  far  the  nature  of  the  ground  in 
the  upper  Val  di  Stura  will  meet  the  requirements 
of  the  texts.  From  the  lake  on  the  summit  of  the 
Col  de  I'Argentiere  there  is  a  steep  descent  of  a 
thousand  feet  to  the  upper  valley.  This  is  for 
a  time  a  narrow  and  arid,  but  fairly  open  glen. 
After  about  four  miles,  the  traveller  reaches  a 
gorge  where  the  old  mule  path  and  the  modern 
road  have  been  carried  on  galleries,  or  cut  out  of 
the  cliff  that  overhangs  the  torrent  on  its  right 
bank.  High  up  on  the  hillside,  an  alternative 
path  follows  a  contour  line,  and  crossing  the  low 
projecting  spur  which  divides  the  main  valley 
from  a  tributary  glen,  descends  again  to  the  Stura 
below  the  gorge,  the  bottom  of  which  lies  between 
4000  and  5000  feet.  This  is  the  defile  known 
as  '  The  Barricades,'  famous  in  military  history 
in  the  sixteenth  and  succeeding  centuries  for  the 
passages  of  the  French  under  Francis  i.,  and  of 
other  armies.  I  shall  treat  of  these  historical 
incidents  on  a  later  page.^ 

I  am  not  prepared  to  affirm  unhesitatingly,  as  I 
was  able  to  do  with  regard  to  the  Pas  de  la  Reys- 
sole,  that  the  Barricades  correspond  exactly  to  the 
classical  descriptions.  The  snow  conditions  are 
capable  of  explanation,  but  they  were,  if  correctly 
described,  unusual  in  such  a  locality ;  the  upper 
path  which  gets  round,  or  over,  the  gorge  is  a  good 
deal  easier  than  one  would  expect  to  find  it.  Yet 
it  seems  to  me  reasonable  to  allow  for  a  certain 

near  and  below  the  Barricades,  a  number  of  grooves  in  the  steep  hill- 
sides are  each  called  on  the  government  map  Cialancia  with  distinguish- 
ing adjectives.     Cialancia  on  the  Italian,  calanche  on  the  French  side, 
are  patois  terms  for  avalanche. 
^  See  Appendix  i. 


48  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

exaggeration  and  looseness,  and  perhaps  confusion 
in  detail,  in  the  classical  narratives,  and  I  claim 
that  a  very  moderate  allowance  (much  less  than 
one  has  to  make  for  many  modern  historians  when 
they  deal  with  questions  of  orography,  or  mountain 
craft)  is  needed  in  this  case  to  reconcile  the  texts 
with  the  localities.  The  primitive  paths,  it  seems 
to  me,  may  very  well  have  furnished  material 
for  such  a  narrative.  When  we  turn  to  the  story 
told  by  Brockedon  in  his  Passes  of  the  Alps  of  his 
experience  at  the  same  spot  in  the  last  century 
before  the  carriage  road  was  made,  we  are  able  to 
realise  the  vast  discrepancy  between  the  sensa- 
tions of  the  modern  traveller  conveyed  along  an 
admirable  road  and  those  of  the  foot  or  horse-man 
of  former  centuries.  Brockedon' s  plate,  here 
reproduced,  of  *  A  Defile  near  Sambuco,'  shows  the 
impression  made  on  a  hardened  Alpine  tourist 
ninety  years  ago  by  the  old  mule  path  in  a 
relatively  open  part  of  the  valley.  We  have 
rocks,  a  steep  and  narrow  track  with  an  abyss  on 
one  side  of  it.  This  view  is  taken  near  the  spot, 
some  miles  below  the  Barricades,  where  the 
government  map  shows  the  series  of  avalanche 
channels  previously  mentioned.  Finally,  I  am 
not  surprised  that  forage  should  be  scarce  in  the 
upper  glen  of  the  Stura  in  late  October.  It  is  the 
only  part  of  the  Vars-Argentiere  route  which  does 
not  lie  across  fields,  woods,  or  pastures.^ 

The  change — from  Alpine  sternness  to  Italian 
luxuriance — in  the  character  of  the  landscape  in 
Val  di  Stura  which  occurs  below  the  mouth  of 

1  See  the  Marquis  de  St.  Simon's  narrative  quoted  above  as  to  the 
lack  of  forage  in  the  valley  above  the  Barricades. 


THE  VARS-ARGENTIERE  ROUTE      49 

the  glen  leading  to  the  Baths  of  Vinadio  is 
immediate  and  very  striking.  The  valley  widens, 
the  slopes  become  gentler,  we  recognise  the  vales 
and  sunny  hillsides,  the  woods  and  streams,  the 
cultivable  region,  of  Livy's  picturesque  descrip- 
tion. But  the  same  change  is  found  on  almost 
every  descent  into  Italy,  and  no  inference  in 
favour  of  any  particular  pass  can  fairly  be  drawn 
from  the  sentence  referred  to. 

I  have  now  conducted  the  Carthaginian  army  to 
the  edge  of  the  Piedmontese  plain.  Here  I  have 
an  important  point  to  take,  to  which  I  desire  to 
call  the  attention  of  students  and  antiquarians. 
Great  stress  has  been  laid  by  almost  every  writer 
on  the  statement  that  Hannibal,  when  he  came 
out  of  the  Alps,  marched  through  the  Taurini 
'  who  lived  close  to  the  mountain  skirts,'  and  took 
their  chief  town.  But  for  some  reason  which  I 
fail  to  understand  the  commentators  have  first 
refused  to  consider  what  were  the  probable  limits 
of  '  the  Taurini  living  close  to  the  mountam  skirts,' 
through  whose  territory  Hannibal  marched,  and 
next  they  have  unhesitatingly  identified  their 
chief  town  with  the  Augusta  Taurinorum  of  later 
date,  founded  B.C.  24  by  the  Romans  on  the  site 
now  occupied  by  modern  Turin.  They  have  pro- 
ceeded to  rely  on  this  identification  as  a  principal 
argument  to  prove  that  Hannibal  came  out  of 
the  mountains  by  the  valley  of  the  Dora  Riparia ; 
in  other  words,  that  he  crossed  either  the  Mont 
Genevre  or  the  Mont  Cenis  (or  one  of  the  passes 
from  the  Arc  valley  parallel  with  the  I\Iont  Cenis). 

Now  the  territory  of  the  Taurini,  as  defined  by 
Ptolemy,  and  recognised   by  Mommsen,  was   no 


50  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

narrow  plot  at  the  mouth  of  the  Susa  valley,  but 
the  long  expanse  of  plain  lying  under  the  Alps 
and  reaching  from  below  Ivrea  on  the  north, 
down  to  and  beyond  the  Tanaro  on  the  south.  It 
extended  both  south  and  east  of  the  Stura,  right 
into  the  corner  where  Alps  and  Apennine  meet. 
Hannibal,  if  after  resting  his  troops  in  the  fertile 
basin  of  Demonte  he  came  out  of  the  hills  near 
Borgo  San  Dalmazzo,  came  out  into  the  country 
of  the  Taurini.  A  further  consideration  which 
seems  to  me  both  obvious  and  weighty  has  been 
either  overlooked  or  put  aside.  How,  had  the 
Taurini  been  a  tribe  of  a  single  canton,  would 
they  have  dared  to  face,  and  that  on  the  plain,  an 
army  of  at  least  25,000  men — and  elephants  ? 
Nor,  as  Mr.  Marindin  supposes,  would  Hannibal 
have  had  to  cross  any  great  river  in  marching 
northwards  to  get  round  the  hills  of  Montferrat. 
The  southern  tributaries  of  the  Po  flow  out  of  the 
Alps  in  a  number  of  streams  which,  owing  to  the 
scarcity  of  glaciers  on  the  Cottian  Alps,  are  of 
relatively  small  importance.  Mr.  Marindin  further 
objects  ^  that  the  Argentiere  route  takes  Hannibal 
too  far  south.  It  is  true  that  it  is,  if  '  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  Turin  '  be  taken  as  the  end  of  the 
Alpine  march  (and  Hannibal  probably  went  thus 
far  north  to  avoid  the  hills  of  Montferrat),  longer 
in  distance  by  35  miles  than  the  Mont  Genevre 
(120  to  85  miles).  But  should  we  not  also  con- 
sider the  relative  length  of  the  portion  of  the 
roads  in  the  mountains.  On  this  point  I  may 
cite  Professor  Wilkinson :  '  An  army  on  the  march 
always  loses  men  from  fatigue.     The  best  way 

*  Mr.  Strachan-Davidson  endorses  this  objection  as  his  main  one. 


THE  VARS-ARGENTIERE  ROUTE      51 

to  keep  down  losses  from  this  cause  would  be  to 
make  the  fatiguing  marches  as  few  as  possible ;  in 
other  words,  to  choose  the  shortest  way  through 
the  mountain  region.'  ^  From  Mont  Dauphin  to 
Demonte  in  the  Stura  vaUey  is  fifty-four  miles,  to 
Avighana  on  the  Dora  Riparia  seventy  miles. 

Further,  I  make  bold  to  say  that  no  sufficient 
grounds  have  yet  been  showai  for  the  identification 
of  Turin  as  the  chief  toAvn  of  the  Taurini,  and  that 
the  argument  founded  on  it  must  consecj^uently 
fall  to  the  ground.  A  learned  antiquarian,  jM. 
Promis  (a  fellow-worker  of  Mommsen  in  his  Corpus) 
has  written  at  length  a  history  of  Turin.  ^  An 
ardent  and  patriotic  citizen,  he  assumes,  as  others 
have,  the  identity  he  cannot  prove  between  the 
tribal  centre  and  the  Roman  military  town.  He 
fails  altogether,  however,  to  bridge  the  gap  be- 
tween Hamiibal  and  JuUus  Caesar.  Another  high 
authority,  Nissen,  teUs  us  that  no  traces  of  a  pre- 
Roman  town  have  been  found  on  the  site.  It  is, 
in  fact,  indefensible  by  nature  on  two  sides,  the 
south  and  west,  and  therefore  thorouglily  unsuited 
for  the  stronghold  of  a  warlike  tribe.  Its  foundation 
was  probably  due,  as  Livy  suggests,  to  the  facihties 
for  water  transport  given  by  the  Po,  and  to  its 
position  near  the  exit  of  the  Roman  roads  leading 
to  Gaul  opened  by  Pompey  and  Julius  Caesar.  It 
watched  the  central  passes,  as  Aosta,  founded 
about  the  same  date  and  for  the  same  purpose, 

^  A  large-scale  physical  map  such  as  the  Italian  Surrey  (1,200,000) 
is  needed  to  enable  the  reader  to  see  the  reason  why  an  army  in 
primitive  times  would  prefer  this  circuit  to  a  march  through  the  maze 
of  hiUs  south-east  of  Turin. 

2  Storia  delV  Aiitico  Torino.  See  also  Xisscn,  Historische  Landes- 
Jcunde. 


52  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

watched  the  more  northern  ones.  Some  town  Uke 
Cavour,  lying  close  to  the  foothills,  and  described 
by  Promis  as  a  natural  fortress  raised  four  hundred 
feet  above  the  plain,  is  far  more  likely  to  have 
served  as  the  city  of  refuge  of  the  Taurini. 

In  the  territory  of  the  Taurini  we  reach  the  end 
of  the  Alpine  march. 

Looking  back  on  the  texts,  I  recognise  that  there 
are  difficulties  and  discrepancies  in  the  narratives 
both  of  Polybius  and  Livy ;  for  example,  the  length 
of  the  march  '  along  the  river '  (Polybius),  the  dis- 
crepancy as  to  the  position  and  action  of  the  Allo- 
broges,  the  location  of  the  first  battle  with  regard  to 
the  Durance  (Livy),  the  panoramic  view  from  the 
pass  (both),  the  old  snow  and  the  big  trees  (Livy), 
any  explanations  of  which  on  any  route  are  open 
to  criticism  and  question.  On  the  other  hand,  I 
accept  Livy's  repeated  statements  that  where 
his  authorities  differed,  he  did  his  best  to  collate 
and  select  between  the  various  versions.^  If  he 
has  once  and  again  failed  in  this  task,  I  am  not 
prepared  on  that  account  to  throw  over  his 
narrative  as  a  whole.  And  when  I  am  called  on 
to  choose  between  discrediting  his  definite  state- 
ment as  to  the  river-valley  by  which  the  Car- 
thaginians approached  the  Alps,  or  treating  the 
account  of  the  view  and  the  speech  on  the  pass 
common  to  him  and  Polybius  as  a  picturesque 
embellishment,  I  prefer  the  latter  alternative.  I 
recognise  that  the  difficulties  of  Alpine  defiles  and 
Alpine  paths  are  likely  to  have  been  greater  two 
thousand  years  ago  than  they  are  now  ;    nor  can 

^  'Certe  variat  memoria  actae  rei,' — Livy,  lib.  xxi.  c.  28.  5.     See 
also  c.  38. 


THE  VARS-ARGENTIERE  ROUTE      53 

I  close  my  eyes  to  the  fact  that  any  physical 
obstacles  encountered  by  armies  are  apt  to  gain 
rather  than  lose  in  the  hands  of  historians  no 
matter  of  what  century. 

On  the  whole,  the  Vars-Argentiere  route  seems 
to  me,  as  far  as  the  nature  of  the  ground  goes, 
to  satisfy  the  requirements  of  the  classical  nar- 
ratives at  least  as  well  as  any  other  pass.^  But 
on  its  physical  features  alone,  I  might  hesitate 
to  prefer  it  definitely  to  the  Mont  Genevre.  The 
decisive  consideration  to  my  mind  is  that  the 
evidence  for  the  IMont  Genevre  being  Pompey's 
Pass  is  overwhelming.  Again,  I  cannot  believe 
that  the  tradition  in  Caesar's  time,  the  tradition 
accepted  by  Varro  and  Pompey,  that  Hannibal 
crossed  a  different  pass  from  Pompey,  was  false. 
Finally,  I  claim  to  have  shown  that  the  territory 
of  the  Taurini  included  the  whole  western  end  of 
the  plain  of  Piedmont  from  near  Lanzo  doA\Ti  to 
the  foot  of  the  Apennines,  and  that  there  is  no 
solid  ground  for  identifying  Turm  as  their  chief 
town.  In  so  doing,  I  have  swept  away  one  of  the 
main  arguments  both  for  the  Mont  Genevre  and 
the  Mont  Cenis  group  of  passes. 

It  now  remains  for  me  to  advert  as  briefly  as 
may  be  to  the  considerations  which  seem  to  me 
decisive  against  the  more  northern  passes,  the 
Little  St.  Bernard,  and  those  leading  from  the 
Arc  valley  to  the  Dora  Riparia,  the  Mont  Cenis 
and  its  substitutes.     In  the  case  of  the  Little  St. 

^  The  question  how  to  reconcile  the  statements  that  Hannibal 
descended  first  into  the  territory  of  the  Taurini,  and  that  he  came  down 
boldly  on  the  Insubres,  has,  I  hold,  been  met  satisfactorily  by  the 
suggestion  that  the  Taurini  incident  was  treated  in  this  passage  by 
Polybius  as  part  of  the  Alpine  march. 


64  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

Bernard,  the  most  decisive  of  these  considerations 
(to  those  who  loiow  the  gorges  of  Val  d'Aosta 
between  Chatillon  and  Ivrea)  is  the  short  time 
allowed  in  the  narratives  for  the  descent  from  the 
broken  road  close  to  the  pass  to  the  plain  of 
Piedmont,  and  the  absence  of  any  mention  of 
difficulties  in  this  descent.  The  failure  to  recognise 
the  fact,  which  Napoleon  learned  by  experience, 
that  the  lower  part  of  the  Val  d'Aosta  is  a  pro- 
longed defile  dangerous  to  armies,  and  that  the 
descent  to  the  plain  of  Piedmont  by  this  route  is 
double  in  distance  what  it  is  by  way  of  the  more 
southern  passes,  is  a  fatal  flaw  in  the  case  for  the 
St.  Bernards. 

Mommsen,  no  doubt,  has  led  astray  many  by 
his  adoption  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  He  begged 
the  question  in  a  manner  not  rare  among  learned 
historians  when  they  come  to  deal  with  topo- 
graphical questions  which  lie  outside  their  main 
interests.  He  jumped  to  a  conclusion,  and  then 
invented  premisses  for  it.  The  Little  St.  Bernard 
is  very  far  from  being  what  he  calls  it,  '  the  easiest 
Alpine  pass.'  What  proof  is  there  that  it  was 
'  from  earliest  times  the  great  military  route  from 
the  Celtic  to  the  Italian  territory '  ?  We  learn 
from  Chanoine  Berard  that  the  great  historian  in 
1873,  after  the  publication  of  his  history,  made 
an  excursion  in  Val  d'Aosta  in  order  to  study  its 
Roman  antiquities.  Did  M.  Berard  convert  his 
guest  to  his  own  opinion  ?  I  will  quote  it :  '  Rien 
ne  prouve  que  le  general  Carthaginois  ait  traverse 
les  Alpes  Graies.  Son  passage  par  la  Vallee 
d' Aoste  ne  ferait  pas  honneur  a  son  talent  militaire. 
En  effet,  etant  a  Ivree,  pourquoi  se  serait-il  dirige 


THE  VARS-ARGENTIERE  ROUTE      55 

sur  Turin,  sachant  que  le  Consul  Scipion  etait  a 
Plaisance.'  ^ 

Nor,  despite  the  efforts  of  the  commentators, 
can  the  country  on  the  Savoy  side  of  the  Little  St. 
Bernard  be  brought  into  any  satisfactory  corre- 
spondence with  the  texts.  Those  who  lead 
Hamiibal  over  the  Mont  du  Chat,  plunge  both 
him  and  themselves  into  additional  and  super- 
fluous difficulties.  It  would  be  cruel  once  more 
to  pick  to  pieces  IMr.  Bosworth  Smith's  fanciful 
suggestions  as  to  glaciers  and  elephants'  bones. 
The  key  to  the  pass  on  the  west  lies,  not  where  a 
White  Rock  has  been  found  at  the  foot  of  the 
final  climb,  but  in  the  gorges  about  ^Moutiers.  As 
Professor  Bonney  writes :  '  The  Rocher  Blanc 
below  St.  Germain  is  an  insignificant  thing,  and 
an  army  would  have  gone  up  the  opposite  bank 
by  way  of  the  present  mule  road  without  much 
difficulty.'  2 

While  dealing  with  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  I 
must  allow  myself  one  mmor  comment,  though  it 
is  on  a  detail  which  has  no  direct  bearing  on 
the  present  controversy.  I  am  at  a  perpetual 
loss  to  conceive  how  critics  of  the  highest 
authority,  such  as  Dr.  Diibi  and  Mr.  Strachan- 
Davidson,  can  continue  to  lay  stress  on,  and 
perplex  themselves  over,  the  '  Cremonis  jugum ' 
of  Livy  xxi.  38.  Commandant  Cohn  also  is 
ready  to  accept  it,  and  to  furnish  a  risky  transla- 
tion: 'Cremonis  jugum,'  he  writes,  '  c'est-a-dire, 
sans  doute,  Le  Col  du  Precipice  '  !     The  reading 

^  Antiquites  Romaines,  etc.,  dans  la  ValUe  (TAoste,  p.  84. 

*  Alpiyie  Guide,  vol.  i.  p.  57.  The  claims  of  the  Mont  Cenis  group 
of  passes  have  lately  been  brought  forward  with  much  persistence,  and 
their  consideration  must  be  reserved  for  a  separate  chapter. 


56  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

is  a  doubtful  one — it  has  been  disputed  since  the 
days  of  Heinrich  Moriti,  otherwise  known  from 
his  birthplace,  Glarus,^  as  Glareanus,  a  celebrated 
scholar  and  geographer  of  the  Renaissance,  who 
in  A.D.  1552  declared  that  several  MSS.  of  Livy 
read  '  Centronis  '  (sic).  There  are  three  passages 
in  the  same  short  chapter  in  which  the  critics 
accept  without  a  scruple  very  bold  and  brilliant 
emendations,  such  as  '  Taurini  Semigalli '  for 
'  Taurisne  galli,'  '  per  Salassos  montanos '  for  '  per 
saltus  montanos,'  and  lastly,  '  Sedimi  et  Veragri ' 
for  '  sed  uno  vel  acri.'  In  the  face  of  these  in- 
stances and  of  the  general  character  of  the  MSS. 
of  Livy,  of  which  IMr.  Capes  says,  '  it  would  be 
quite  hopeless  to  adhere  even  to  the  best  MS. 
authority,'  it  is  surely  time  that  attempts  to  base 
any  hypothesis  on  the  identification  of  the 
'  Cremonis  jugum  '  with  the  Cramont  near  Pre 
St.  Didier  were  given  up.  The  Cramont,  Gramont, 
or  as  it  is  spelt  in  the  ItaHan  Survey,  Grammont, 
is  a  minor  crest,  no  part  of  the  watershed,  and 
seven  to  eight  miles  as  the  crow  flies  east  of  the 
pass  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  It  might  never 
have  been  heard  of  had  not  De  Saussure  given  a 
most  eloquent  description  of  the  view  of  Mont 
Blanc  from  its  summit.  The  name,  found  else- 
where in  the  Alps,  is  probably  a  corruption  of 
'  grand  mont,'  the  upper  slopes  being  a  cow- 
pasturage.^     Alpine  passes  are  not   called   after 

^  I  owe  this  reference  to  Mr.  Coolidge's  Josias  Simler  et  les  origines 
de  VAlpinisme,  p.  108.  Glareanus  writes  '  ita  babent  vetustiores 
codices.'  See  an  article  on  this  distinguished  geographer  in  the 
Geographical  Journal,  vol.  xxv.  No.  6,  1895. 

'  In  the  Savoyard  and  Piedmontese  Alps  the  primary  signification 
both  of  Mont  and  Alp  is  a  summer  pasture.  As  a  rule,  the  '  alps '  are  the 
higher  pastures,  the  '  monts '  the  lower  ones. 


THE  VARS-ARGENTIERE  ROUTE      57 

relatively  insignificant  crests  miles  away  from  the 
watershed.  The  contrary  is  sometimes  the  case. 
Passes  have  given  their  names  to  peaks,  as  in  the 
cases  of  the  Piz  Bernina  and  Piz  Julier. 

The  Little  St.  Bernard  is  spoken  of  as  '  iter  per 
Centrones  '  elsewhere  ;  '  Centronum  jugum  '  would 
be  a  reasonable  reading  here.  Anyhow  '  Cremonis ' 
has,  I  fancy,  a  good  deal  more  connection  with 
Cremona  than  with  Cramont.  It  is  just  the  sort 
of  blunder  likely  to  be  made  by  a  copyist  who 
had  heard  of  the  city,  and  to  whom  a  little  know- 
ledge and  a  familiar  collocation  of  letters  served  as 
a  snare.  The  modern  compositor  not  infrequently 
sins  after  the  same  fashion. 


CHAPTER  IV 

THE  MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS 

In  the  following  pages  I  propose  to  consider  some 
of  the  passes  connectmg  the  Arc  valley  with  that 
of  the  Dora  Riparia.  Of  these,  the  best  kno\^ai 
is  the  Mont  Cenis  (6893  ft.).  Its  claim  to  be 
Hamiibal's  Pass  has  had  several  distinguished 
advocates  both  in  this  comitry  and  abroad.^  For 
it  has  served  as  a  convenient  refuge  to  critics, 
who,  knowing  enough  of  the  Alps  to  realise  the 
impossibility  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  have  yet 
been  unwilling  to  follow  Livy  to  the  Durance. 
They  have  been  supported  in  their  choice  by  the 
fact  that  the  Mont  Cenis  leads  into  the  district 
of  the  Taurini,  which  has  been  commonly  assumed 
to  be  identical  with  '  the  neighbourhood  of  Turin.' 
Some  writers  have  suggested  that  the  Petit  Mont 
Cenis  (7166  ft.),  a  short  cut  in  distance  over  a 
slightly  higher  ridge,  may  have  been  the  pass 
used  :  while  in  recent  years,  a  small  but  earnest 
band  of  French  officers  has  urged  the  claims  of 
another  and  still  loftier  bjrvvav,  the  Col  du  Clapier 
(8172  ft.). 

I  shall  deal  in  an  Appendix  with  the  right  of 
the  Mont  Cenis  to  figure  as  a  Roman  pass,  and  its 
claim  to  have  been  opened  by  Julius  Caesar.     I 

^  Amongst  them  Ukert,  Nissen,  Larauza,  Maissiat,  Ellis,  Ball,  Bun- 
bury,  and  Bonney. 

68 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS      59 

will  only  pause  here  to  point  out  that  I  am  unable 
to  endorse  the  suggestion  made  by  some  of  the 
adherents  of  the  Clapier  that  the  steepness  of 
the  final  descent  on  the  Italian  side  to  Novalesa 
is  likely  to  have  prevented  the  use  of  the  Mont 
Cenis.  It  is  hardly  for  those  who  favour  the  Col 
du  Clapier  to  urge  this  argument.  For  the  pre- 
cipitous descent  below  that  pass  is  double  the 
height  (4000  ft.  in  place  of  2000  ft.)  and  far  steeper 
than  any  on  the  old  track  of  the  Mont  Cenis. 
And  if  they  adopt  for  this  route  the  circuitous 
path  to  Exilles  and  the  long  and  uneven  track 
through  the  valley  of  the  Dora  thence  to  Susa, 
their  argument  based  on  the  Clapier  being  the 
shortest  and  most  direct  pass  falls  to  the 
ground.^  Nor  can  I  find  any  evidence  that  in 
mediaeval  times  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  was  as  a 
rule  preferred  to  the  Great,  as  Commandant  Colin 
seems  to  believe.  On  the  contrary,  Signer 
Vaccarone  in  the  fascinating  article  {Boll.  Club 
Alp.  Ital.  XXXV.  No.  68),  in  which  he  has  re- 
counted in  picturesque  detail  the  crossings  of  the 
Alps  by  the  Princes  of  Savoy,  shows  that  travellers 
from  the  beginning  of  the  thirteenth  century 
habitually  passed  by  Lanslebourg,  and  therefore 
over  the  Great  Mont  Cenis.  The  role  of  the  Petit 
would  seem  to  have  been — at  any  rate  from  that 
date — a  secondary  one.  As  to  the  Col  du  Clapier 
(including  for  the  moment  in  this  term  the  High- 
level  Route  to  Exilles)  I  have  failed  to  discover 
any  evidence — except  Commandant  Colin' s  alleged 

1  Commandant  Colin  asserts  that  the  Clapier  is  30  to  35  kilometres, 
or  •  a  long  day's  march,'  shorter  than  the  Mont  Cenis.  But  this  is  not 
true,  if  his  Exilles  route  is  adopted.  The  distance  in  this  case  is 
practically  the  same,  the  height  to  be  cUmbed  1279  feet  more. 


60  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

recognition  of  the  remains  of  a  Roman  road  near 
the  top — that  it  was  ever  more  than  a  smugglers' 
byway  and  a  cattle-track. ^  What  grounds  Com- 
mandant Colin  can  find  for  his  assertion  that  it 
was  only  after  the  opening  of  a  good  carriage- 
road  over  the  Mont  Cenis  that  the  Clapier  was 
abandoned  I  cannot  discover. 

The  first  to  propose  this  in  so  many  respects 
unsuitable  candidate,  the  Col  du  Clapier,  was,  I 
believe,  Colonel  Perrin,  who  in  1887,  impressed  by 
the  fact  that  the  brow  above  it  commanded  a  view 
of  the  Italian  plain  which  answered  to  the  require- 
ments of  the  classical  texts,^  put  forward  its 
claim.  He  has  been  followed  by  his  brother- 
officers  Lieutenant  Azan  and  Commandant  Colin. ^ 
The  last-named,  a  distinguished  member  of  the 
French  staff,  has  devoted  to  the  subject  a 
substantial  volume  of  428  pages,  profusely  pro- 
vided with  extracts  from  government  surveys  and 
original  maps.  He  has  had  the  good  fortune  to 
convert  to  his  theory — as  far,  at  least,  as  the  pass 
crossed  is  concerned — M.  Ferrand,  a  member  of  the 
Grenoble  Bar  and  the  author  of  several  handsome 
and  popular  works  on  the  French  Alps.  Further, 
he  has  secured  as  a  mouthpiece  for  his  views  in 
this   country  a   well-known   writer,   Mr.    Spenser 

^  It  niust  be  noted  that  Commandant  Colin  in  his  preface  himself 
throws  doubt  on  this  recognition.  He  speaks  of  *une  ancienne 
chauss6e  pavee,  peut-etre  une  voie  romaine.' 

2  Marche  d'Annibal  des  Pyrenees  au  Po.  Paris,  1887.  Of  course 
Colonel  Perrin  did  not  '  discover  '  the  view.  It  had  been  very  fully 
described  by  Brockedon  in  the  first  edition  of  Murray,  and  afterwards 
by  John  Ball  in  the  Alpine  Ouide. 

^  Revue  des  Etudes  Ancienries,  vol.  x.  No.  1 ;  vol.  xiii.  No.  3,  1911. 
liecherches  du  Col  des  Alpes  franchi  par  Annibal.  Casale,  1912. 
Lieutenant  Azan,  Annibal  dans  les  Alpes.  Paris,  Picard,  1902.  Com- 
mandant Colin,  Annibal  en  Oaule.     Paris,  Chapelet  et  Cie,  1904. 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS     61 

Wilkinson,  now  Professor  of  Military  History  in 
the  University  of  Oxford. 

I  am  very  ready  to  admit  that  a  much  better 
case  may  be  argued  for  the  Mont  Cenis  or  any  of 
the  Arc  passes,  than  for  the  Little  vSt.  Bernard, 
and  that  in  many  respects  their  natural  features 
can  be  brought  to  agree  fairly  with  the  require- 
ments of  Polybius.  But  the  fatal  drawback  to 
the  route,  in  my  mind,  is  that  no  efforts  can  bring 
it  into  any  relation  with  Livy's  account.  Setting 
aside,  however,  for  the  moment  this  objection,  I 
will  proceed  to  examine  the  case  made  out  for  the 
Col  du  Clapier  by  its  ablest  advocate,  Commandant 
CoUn,  and  the  adaptation  of  his  view  recently  put 
before  English  readers  by  Professor  Wilkinson.^ 

Commandant  Colin  differs  from  his  brother- 
officers  in  laying  down  two  bases  for  his  argument. 
He  agrees  with  them  in  the  belief  that  the  'crucial  re- 
quirement '  for  Hannibal's  Pass  is  an  extensive  view 
over  Italy.  But  he  finds  a  second  key  to  the  problem 
in  the  distance,  *  about  1600  stades,'  assigned  by 
Polybius  for  the  march  from  Emporion  on  the 
Spanish  side  of  the  PjTenees  to  the  passage  of  the 
Rhone.  This  leads  him  to  shift  the  passage  to  a 
point  nearer  Aries  and  the  fork  of  the  river,  whereas 
his  predecessors  had  been  content  to  accept  the 
common  belief  that  the  passage  of  the  Rhone  took 
place  at  Roquemaure,  some  eight  miles  above  Avi- 
gnon, and  had  fixed  the  sites  of  th*"  chief  incidents 
of  the  march  accordingly.  It  is  only,  therefore, 
when  he  approaches  the  crest  of  the  Alps  that  he 
comes  into  any  close  agreement  with  his  comrades. 

^  HannihaVs  March  through  the  Alps,  by  Spenser  Wilkinson.    Claren- 
don Press,  Oxford,  1911. 


62  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

In  order  to  do  justice  to  Commandant  Colin's 
very  able  argument,  we  must  begin  at  the  be- 
ginning, the  passage  of  the  Rhone.  Pie  claims  to 
be  able  to  fix  this  defmitely  at  Fourques,  close 
to  Aries  and  just  above  the  point  where  the  river 
finally  separates  into  two  branches  before  reach- 
ing the  sea.  He  thereby  brings  the  passage 
within  48  kilometres  (about  30  miles)  from  the 
sea,  and  30  miles  below  Roquemaure,  the  spot 
commonly  selected  by  commentators.  This  is 
the  corner-stone  of  his  theory.  It  is  on  the 
strength  of  this — I  must  not  caU  it  novel,  for  it 
had  been  anticipated  by  a  local  antiquarian  of 
Aries,  M.  J.  Gilles,^  but  let  us  say  resuscitated — 
hypothesis  that  he  fixes  the  sites  of  all  the  sub- 
sequent incidents  of  the  Alpine  march.  Now  we 
find  that  this  firm  belief  of  Commandant  CoHn's 
in  the  passage  at  Fourques  is  mainly  based  on 
one  particular  calculation. 

He  alleges  that  the  distance  from  the  site  of 
Emporion,  Hannibal's  starting-point  south  of 
the  Pyrenees,  and  the  passage  of  the  Rhone,  as 
given  by  Polybius,  '  about  1600  stades,'  corre- 
sponds exactly,  or  very  closely,  with  the  mileage 
both  on  the  Via  Domitia  and  by  modern  roads 
between  that  place  and  Fourques,  but  cannot  be 
made  to  correspond  with  the  mileage  between 
Emporion  and  Roquemaure. 

I  must  confess  at  once  that  my  mind  is  so  dully 
constituted  that,  despite  aU  the  ingenuity  of  the 

^  ^I.  Gilles,  however,  fixed  the  point  of  crossing  a  few  miles  liigher 
up  at  Beaiicaire,  near  Tarascon,  where  traces  of  the  mooring  quays  of  a 
Roman  bridge  of  boats  have  been  discovered,  and  then  led  the  Cartha- 
ginians by  the  Drome  to  the  Durance  and  Mont  Genevre.  See  Hannibal 
et  Publius  Cornelius  Scipion :  Passage  du  Rhone  (Paris,  Thorin,  1872), 
followed  by  Mr.  T.  A.  Cook,  Old  Provence,  vol.  i.  p.  479, 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS       63 

critics,  I  still  abide  by  the  opinion  I  expressed 
many  years  ago,^  that  in  this  Hannibalian  con- 
troversy supposed  exact  correspondences  in  dis- 
tance may  be  more  of  a  snare  than  a  guide.  But 
in  this  particular  case  I  am  prepared  to  argue 
with  Commandant  Colin  on  his  own  ground.  For 
he  may  quite  fairly  plead  that  it  is  an  exceptional 
case,  since  on  Polybius's  own  statement  this 
distance  had  been  accurately  measured  along  a 
Roman  road  before  he  A\Tote  his  history. 

Commandant  Colin  proceeds  to  point  out  that 
if  Polybius  in  calculating  the  distance  allowed 
8J  stades  for  each  Roman  mile,  which  is  the 
accurate  proportion  of  the  normal  Greek  stade 
to  the  mile,  '  about  1600  stades '  will  roughly 
correspond  to  284  kilometres  or  192  Roman  miles. 
He  finds  the  itineraries  give  a  distance  equivalent  to 
268  kilometres  to  Fourques  along  the  Roman  road 
from  the  point — the  modern  toA\ii  of  Figuieres — at 
which  a  traveller  settmg  out  from  Emporion  would 
strike  it,  and  to  this  he  adds  20  kilometres  for  the 
cross-comitry  march  from  the  camp  near  Emporion 
to  the  highroad  at  Figuieres.  He  thus  ascertains 
the  distance  from  Emporion  to  Fourques  by  the 
itineraries  as  288  kilometres,  while  along  modern 
roads  it  comes  out  at  as  approximately  289  to 
294  kilometres.  These  correspondences  in  distance 
appear  admirable.  On  the  other  hand,  the  dis- 
tance from  Figuieres  to  Roquemaure  proves  to  be 
at  least  300  kilometres,  and  (with  20  kilometres 

^  Alpine  Journal,  vol.  xi.  p.  271.  I  stated  that  in  my  opinion  and 
in  that  of  the  late  Sir  E.  Bunbury,  '  exactness  in  distances  has  been 
made  too  much  of  in  this  discussion.  An  accurate  measurement  in  a 
mountain  country  is  a  comparatively  late  product  of  civilisation,  and 
old  and  modern  roads  are  apt  to  differ  in  length.'  Commandant  Colin 
himself  tells  us  that  from  Axles  to  Turin  was  375  kilometres  according 
to  the  Roman  itineraries,  but  is  395  to  400  by  modem  roads  (p.  327). 


64  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

added  for  the  cross-country  bit)  from  Emporion  320. 
Thirty-six  kilometres  or  more,  insists  Commandant 
CoHn,  is  too  great  a  discrepancy  to  be  tolerated. 

But  let  us  look  a  little  closer.  Polybius  bases 
his  statement  of  the  distance  on  the  Roman  mile- 
stones, and  these  he  specifically  states  were  at 
intervals  of  eight  stades.  At  a  later  date  the 
Greek  stade  was,  for  convenience  sake,  often 
accommodated  to  this  extent  to  the  Roman  mile. 
Is  it  not  plausible  to  suppose  that  Polybius  (who 
Commandant  Colin  elsewhere,  pp.  223  and  252, 
assures  us  had  a  natural  disposition  to  '  simplify ')  ^ 
anticipated  this  accommodation  and  reckoned  here 
eight  stades  to  the  mile  ?  If  he  did  this,  the  1600 
stades  will  amount  to  296  kilometres.  But  can  we 
be  sure  that  Polybius  made  any  allowance  for  the 
first  bit,  the  cross-country  march  from  the  camp  to 
the  high-road,  other  than  by  his  '  cr^eSoi/,'  about  ? 
Was  he  not  simply  calculating  from  the  measured 
milestones  on  the  highroad  ?  If  this  is  a  fair  inter- 
pretation, we  may  add  20  kilometres  to  the  296  and 
so  get  a  distance  which  fits  with  Roquemaure  as 
well  as  Commandant  Colin' s  does  with  Fourques. 

I  shall  be  told  that  this  is  all  mere  guesswork. 
So  it  is  ;  but  when  such  guesses  are  plausible,  it 
seems  to  me  that  one  guess  is  as  good  as  another. 
As  I  have  said  already,  all  these  assumed  corre- 
spondences in  distance  furnish  very  risky  ground 
to   build   on.     And   the   whole   of   Commandant 


1  Polybius  gives  the  distances  from  the  Pillars  of  Hercules  to  the 
Pjrrenees  as  8000  stades,  from  Carthagena  to  the  Plains  of  the  Po  as 
9000  stades.  But  according  to  his  more  detailed  statements  they 
amount  to  7200  and  8400  stades  respectively.  Polybius,  writes  Mr. 
Strachan-Davidson  {Appian,  p.  133), '  shows  his  weakest  side  when  he 
tries  to  calculate  distances.' 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS     65 

Colin's  and  Professor  Wilkinson's  theory  as  to  the 
march  of  Hannibal — not  only  the  Passage,  but  the 
Confluence,  the  Island,  and  the  battlefields — hangs 
in  the  first  place  on  the  figures  quoted  above ! 

The  distance  from  Emporion,  however,  is  far 
from  being  the  only  statement  to  be  taken  into 
account  in  fixing  on  the  position  of  the  passage. 

Polybius  states  that  the  passage  was  nearly 
four  days'  march  from  Scipio's  camp  on  the  sea. 
This  has  been  located  by  general  consent  at  Fos 
(Fossa  Maritima)  close  to  the  eastern  mouth  of 
the  Rhone.  Polybius  further  says  that  it  took 
Hannibal  four  days  to  march  from  the  passage 
to  the  Confluence  below  the  Island,  a  spot  that 
has  hitherto  been  commonly  identified  with  the 
meeting  of  the  Rhone  and  the  Isere.  Roque- 
maure,  the  point  where  most  commentators  have 
located  the  crossing-place,  is  about  60  miles 
distant  from  Fos  ;  while  from  the  meeting  of  the 
Rhone  and  Isere  it  is  distant  70  miles.  These 
distances  accord  sufficiently  well  with  the  number 
of  marches  given. 

Recently,  however,  several  writers  besides  Com- 
mandant Colin  have  followed  the  lead  of  M.  Gilles 
in  asserting  that  the  passage  must  have  been 
much  lower  down,  somewhere  between  Aries  and 
Tarascon.  The  arguments  alleged  in  favour  of 
this  view  may  be  briefly  summarised  as  follows  : 

(1)  It  meets  the  expression  '  the  single  stream.' 

(2)  The  Rhone  above  Avignon  is  both  too  rapid 
to  admit  of  an  army  crossing  in  the  way  described, 
and  not  wide  enough  to  suit  the  details  of  the 
description. 

E 


66  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

(3)  No  boats  would  have  been  found  so  far 
from  the  sea. 

(4)  The  Roman  road  from  Spain  to  Italy  sub- 
sequently crossed  the  river  at  this  point. 

(5)  The  Roman  cavalry  could  not  have  covered 
the  ground  between  the  battlefield  and  its  own 
camp  in  the  time  stated  had  the  Carthaginians 
been  as  far  away  as  Roquemaure. 

To  these  arguments  it  may  be  replied  : 

(1)  That  the  expression  '  the  single  stream  '  in 
the  case  of  a  river  often  divided  by  islands  and 
flowing  in  more  than  one  channel  need  not 
necessarily  be  taken  as  used  in  opposition  to  a 
bifurcation  at  the  top  of  its  delta. 

(2)  That  between  its  junctions  with  the  Ardeche 
and  the  Durance,  the  fall  of  the  Rhone  is  less  than 
half  a  metre  ('49  metre)  in  a  kilometre,  or  less  than 
1  in  2000,^  and  that  the  width  of  the  Rhone  at 
Roquemaure  is  given  by  Commandant  Colin  as 
200  to  250  metres  (650  to  820  ft.),  while  the  com- 
bined width  of  the  rafts  was,  we  are  told,  300  feet, 
less  than  100  metres. 

(3)  Why  should  no  boats  have  been  forthcom- 
ing ?  It  was  not  seagoing  craft  that  Hannibal 
wanted.  The  Rhone  in  classical  and  even  recent 
times,  before  good  roads  and  railroads,  was  one  of 
the  great  routes  of  inland  traffic  with  which,  as 
Strabo  pointed  out,  Providence  had  favoured  Gaul. 

(4)  Polybius  speaks  of  the  passage  used  by  the 
Carthaginians  in  these  terms,  '  the  passage  of  the 
Rhone  for  those  going  up  the  stream  towards  its 
sources.'     It  is  not  to  be  supposed  that  there  was 

^  See  Cook,  Old  Provence,  vol.  ii.  p.  230. 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS      G7 

oaly  one  passage  of  the  Rhone  between  the  con- 
fluence of  the  Isere  and  the  sea. 

(5)  This  rests,  I  beheve,  on  a  misunderstanding 
of  the  texts,  which  I  read  thus  :  1st  day. — Passage 
of  elephants,  skirmish,  reconnaissance  and  com- 
mencement of  return  of  Roman  cavalry.  2nd 
day. — Assemblage  and  speeches  of  Gallic  delegates, 
arrival  at  Scipio's  camp  of  Roman  cavalry. 
3rd  day. — Hannibal  starts  north  and  Scipio  in 
hot  pursuit  (o-7revSwv,  Polybius  says,  translated 
by  Mommsen  '  in  the  utmost  haste.'  See  also 
Livy).  4th,  5th,  6th  days. — Scipio  marches  to  the 
passage,  arriving  on  the  third  day  after  Hamiibal 
had  left  it.  I  note  that  neither  of  the  texts  states 
the  number  of  days  Scipio  actually  spent  in  his 
hurried  march  :  we  infer  them  from  Polybius's 
general  statement  of  the  distance. 

Let  us  now  consider  the  objections  to  the  Lower 
Passage.  In  my  judgment,  they  are  obvious  and 
fatal.  It  is  (by  Peutinger's  Tables)  only  33  Roman 
miles  (30  English  miles)  from  Fos  to  Aries.  ^  This 
distance  camiot  reasonably  be  reckoned  as  nearh^ 
four  days'  march  for  an  army  hurrying  without  its 
baggage  (the  baggage  had  been  shipped)  to  over- 
take the  foe.  Commandant  Colin,  in  his  desperate 
attempt  to  make  the  distance  from  Fos  to 
Hannibal's  camp  at  the  crossing  '  perfectly 
accord  '  with  the  text  of  Polybius,  converts  the 
Greek  author's  measure  of  distance,  an  average 
march,  into  a  particular  statement  as  to  Scipio's 
rate  of  progress. 

^  I  see  no  reason  to  assume,  as  some  writers  do,  in  order  to  make 
out  a  more  plausible  distance  for  the  four  daj's'  march,  that  the 
Roman  army  was  obUged  to  make  a  wide  detour  to  the  east  in  order  to 
get  to  Aries.     The  Fourques  passage  is  two  or  three  miles  above  Aries. 


68  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

Commandant  Colin  seeking  some  supporting 
evidence  for  Scipio's  sluggish  progress  tells  us 
that  Hannibal  marched  up  the  flat  Rhone  valley 
at  only  nine  miles  a  day.  But  he  omits  to  warn 
his  readers  that  this  estimate  depends  entirely  on 
his  view  as  to  the  place  of  the  passage  being 
adopted.  He  may  be  reminded  of  his  OAvn  maxim, 
'  C'est  un  procede  bien  vicieux  que  d'asseoir  une 
hypothese  sur  une  autre.' 

According  to  the  more  generally  accepted  belief 
Hannibal  marched  18  English  miles  a  day,  the 
ordinary  rate  of  a  Roman  army,  up  the  flat  valley 
from  Roquemaure  to  Valence ;  and  Commandant 
Colin  has  himself  allowed  Hannibal,  when  he  gets 
into  the  mountains  beyond  Grenoble,  to  do  13  to 
16  miles  a  day,  and  when  he  approaches  the  pass, 
the  pace  quickens  to  17  miles  a  day  (pp.  389-424). 

The  Lower  Passage  is  about  100  miles  from  the 
confluence  of  the  Rhone  and  the  Isere,  a  distance 
too  great  for  Hannibal's  host  to  have  accomplished 
in  four  days.^  This  objection  has  necessarily 
forced  itself  upon  the  upholders  of  the  Lower 
Passage,  and  they  have  consequently  had  recourse 
in  order  to  get  over  it  to  an  expedient  which  does 
credit  to  their  courage.  Taking  advantage  of  the 
fact  that  the  name  of  the  second  stream  both  in 
Polybius  and  Livy  is  a  doubtful  reading,  they 
boldly  suggest  that  it  was  nothing  else  than  the 
Sorgues,  the  Fountain  of  Vaucluse.  In  the  name 
of  the  pleasant  coimtry  to^vn  of  L'Isle-sur-Sorgues, 
so-called  because  the  canals  of  the  Sorgues  flow 
round  its  waUs,  they  make  bold  to  recognise  a 
survival  of  the  name  of  '  the  Island.' 

^  The  passage  at  Tarascon  is  about  ten  miles  north  of  that  at  Fourques. 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS      C9 

This  transfer  of  the  Confluence  appears  to  me 
to  be  m  direct  contradiction  to  every  detail  given 
by  the  classical  authors,  devoid  of  all  geographical 
probability,  and  unworthy,  therefore,  of  serious 
consideration.  Nor  can  I  understand  how  Poly- 
bius's  four  days'  march  from  the  Passage  to  the 
Confluence  is  worked  in  ;  for  from  the  Lower 
Passage  to  the  neighbourhood  of  Bedarrides, 
which  Commandant  Colin  selects  for  the  Con- 
fluence, is  only  about  32  miles. 

In  my  mind  there  is  no  room  for  doubt  that  the 
Island  of  Polybius  and  Livy  is  the  triangle  lying 
between  the  Rhone,  the  Isere,  and  the  Mont  du 
Chat.  I  do  not  forget  that  Professor  Wilkinson, 
following  Commandant  Colin,  writes  as  follows  : 
'  The  hypothesis  that  the  Island  was  the  Rhone 
valley  above  the  Isere,  is  inconsistent  with  most 
of  the  statements  made  by  Polybius  about  the 
Island.  This  land  was  especially  fertile,  which  is 
not  the  quality  of  the  land  north  of  the  Isere. 
The  mountains  do  not,  even  in  appearance,  form 
the  base  of  a  triangle  of  which  the  two  rivers  are 
the  two  other  sides.  Polybius  distinctly  says  that 
the  mountains  forming  the  base  of  the  triangle 
are  impassable.' 

Let  us  see  exactly  what  Polybius  does  say.  The 
Island,  he  reports,  '  is  populous  and  corn-bearing,' 
the  mountains  at  its  base  are  '  difficult  of  approach 
and  access,  and  almost,  so  to  speak,  impassable.' 
I  have  traversed  this  region  four  times  by  road 
and  rail.  I  have  also  twice  crossed  the  mountains 
on  its  east.  It  is  still  populous  and  corn-bearing, 
and  it  would  be  difficult  to  improve  on  Polybius's 
description  of  the  abrupt  range  above  the  Lake  of 


70  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

Bourget.  It  was  not  till  a.d.  1670  that  Charles 
Emmanuel  of  Savoy  made  a  road  for  wheels  across 
it.  Professor  Spenser  Wilkinson  may  naturally  be 
disposed  to  set  aside  as  prejudiced  my  personal  im- 
pression. He  may  find  some  support  for  his  own 
in  a  number  of  citations  from  a  recent  popular 
work,  Ardouin  Dumazet's  Voyage  en  France.  They 
show  that  here  as  elsewhere  fertile  and  relatively 
poor  and  unproductive  soils  are  mixed,  but  that 
there  is  abundance  of  weU-cultivated  land.  But  I 
am  confident  that  the  general  impression  made 
on  the  mind  of  most  modern  tourists,  more 
particularly  on  those  coming  from  the  brown  hills 
of  Provence,  will  agree  with  the  description  of 
Polybius.  The  following  extract  from  the  first 
edition  of  Murray's  Handbook  for  Switzerland 
(1838,  p.  322)  may  possibly  help  to  convince  readers 
that  my  impressions  are  likely  to  be  those  of  the 
average  traveller. 

'  Yenne  existed  in  the  time  of  the  Romans.  .  .  . 
It  lies  on  the  ancient  route  from  France  to  Italy 
by  the  Mont  du  Chat.  The  whole  neighbourhood 
is  very  rich  in  cultivation,  corn,  wine  and  fruit 
trees  abound.'  .  .  .  '  The  extreme  richness  of  the 
country  cannot  fail  to  draw  the  attention  of  the 
traveller  ...  its  excessive  fertility  is  its  striking 
feature.  .  .  .  The  scene  on  looking  back  towards 
France  is  one  of  the  most  fertile  in  the  world, 
studded  with  villages  and  towns.'  ^ 

*  Commandant  Colin  and  his  English  follower  both  make  a  strenu- 
ous attempt  to  prove  that  the  district  north  of  the  Sorgues  and  east 
of  the  Rhone  is  more  worthy  of  the  epithets  '  populous  and  corn-bear- 
ing,' than  that  north  of  the  Isere.  At  the  present  date  the  portions 
under  irrigation  are  undoubtedly  well  cultivated  and  fruitful.  But  the 
page  from  Lentheric  Commandant  Colin  himself  quotes  informs  us 
that  in  the  ninth  century  the  plain  was  drowned  by  the  stagnant  waters 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS      71 

It  will,  I  hope,  be  agreed  by  most  critics  that 
the  ancient  identification  of  the  Island  with  the 
triangle  between  the  Rhone,  Isere,  and  Mont  du 
Chat  remains  unshaken. 

Commandant  Colin  widens  the  field  of  dis- 
cussion by  entering  into  somewhat  elaborate 
essays  on  various  kindred  subjects,  such  as  the 
physical  characteristics  of  Southern  Gaul,  the 
local  distribution  of  the  mountain  tribes,  and  the 
literary  methods  of  Polybius  and  Livy.  Into 
these  often  valuable  and  useful  digressions  I 
cannot  afford  space  to  follow  him  in  any  detail, 
and  as  regards  Polybius,  I  in  a  great  measure  agree 
with  him.  But  I  may  venture  to  point  out,  as 
examples,  a  few  instances  among  many  in  these 
subsidiary  chapters  where  he  seems  to  me  to  let 
faU  assertions  prejudicial  to  his  main  argument. 

There  is  at  first  sight  a  good  deal  of  plausi- 
bility in  the  suggestion  that  if  Hannibal  crossed 
the  Rhone  north  of  the  Durance,  the  passage  of  the 
latter  river  would  have  been  found  a  difficulty,  or 
at  least  a  cause  of  delay,  both  to  the  cavalry  raid 
and  to  the  subsequent  advance  of  the  Roman 
army  from  Fos.  It  is  urged  that  there  is  evidence 
to  show  that  in  early  times  and  up  to  the  twelfth 
century  the  Durance  was  deeper  and  navigable.^ 

of  the  Sorgues,  which  formed  everywhere  pestilential  marshes,  and  that 
L'lsle-sur-Sorgues  'n'6tait  jusqu'au  ix*  siecle  qu'une  agglomeration 
informe  de  mis6rables  cabanes  de  pecheurs  construite  sur  pelotes  dane 
la  plaine  noyee.' 

^  The  fact  that  the  boatmen  of  the  Durance  are  mentioned  in  Roman 
inscriptions  allotting  them  seats  in  the  Amphitheatre  at  Aries  is  brought 
forward  as  proof.  But  there  were  also  boatmen,  nautae — raftsmen, 
probably,  who  employed  their  '  utriculares '  in  time  of  flood — on  the 
smaller  streams  the  Ardeche  and  the  Ouveze,  just  as  there  are  still  on 
the  Tarn.  So  that  no  certain  inference  can  be  drawn  that  the  Durance 
had  a  greater  volume  in  early  times.  See  Cook,  Old  Provence,  vol.  i. 
p.  58;  vol.  ii.  p.  248. 


72  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

Again,  when  the  supposed  slowness  of  Hannibal's 
march  from  the  passage  to  the  Island — Com- 
mandant Colin's  Island  (Bedarrides) — has  to  be 
accounted  for,  we  are  told  '  Annibal  dut  faire  de 
tres  petites  journees  en  franchissant  les  divers  bras 
de  la  Durance.' 

But  when  there  is  no  occasion  for  special  plead- 
ing the  facts  take  a  different  complexion.  We 
read  (p.  32)  of  the  lower  Durance,  where  it  meets 
the  Rhone :  '  La  Durance  s'y  etale  et  son  lit  a 
parfois  deux  kilom.etres  de  largeur.  Effrayante 
au  moment  des  crues,  elle  est  a  peine  un  obstacle 
lors  des  basses  eaux.  Tous  les  bras  secondaires 
sont  alors  a  sec,  le  seul  qui  subsiste  est  large  de 
cinquante  a  cent  metres  et  sa  profondeur  est 
insignifiante.  II  est  souvent  gueable.'  On  page 
292 :  '  Dans  la  saison  des  basses  eaux  la  Durance 
ne  constitue  qu'un  obstacle  tout-a-fait  insigni- 
fiant.' 

There  are  therefore  no  adequate  grounds  for 
assuming  that  the  passage  of  the  different  branches 
of  the  Durance,  more  divided  then  than  now, 
was  likely  to  have  been  at  the  season  in  question, 
when  as  a  rule  the  waters  are  at  their  lowest,  any 
serious  impediment  to  an  armed  force.  ^ 

I  turn  to  the  comments  on  the  distribution  of 
the  tribes.  On  pp.  105-6  we  read  :  '  Quand  les 
Romains  entrent  en  Gaule  dans  I'an  154,  puis  en 
125-121  avant  J.C,  des  qu'ils  ont  franchi  la 
Durance  ils  rencontrent  les  Allobroges.'  On  sub- 
sequent pages  we  meet  with  such  expressions  as 
'  La  suprematie  guerriere  des  Allobroges  dans  la 

*  Its  waters  are  bt>Iieved  to  have  flowed  in  several  widely  separate 
channels  into  the  Rhone  in  Roman  times.     See  Colin,  pp.  33-4. 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS      73 

Vallee  du  bas  Rhone '  (p.  106) ;  a  quotation  from 
Strabo,  '  Les  Allobroges  rangerent  sous  leur  com- 
mandement  les  petits  peuples  voisins'  (p.  132), 
'  En  I'an  63  les  Allobroges  decident  a  secouer  le 
joug.'  '  Les  Allobroges  ravageant  la  Gaule  Nar- 
bonnaise,' etc.  (p.  133).  '  LesRomains  ont  rencontre 
les  Allobroges  sur  I'Eygues  en  124-2  '  ^  (p.  140). 

We  learn  also  (p.  80)  on  the  authority  of  M. 
Lentheric  that  before  the  Roman  conquest  the 
Allobroges  had  a  mint,  and  that  their  money  was 
current  in  Southern  Gaul.  Nor  does  Commandant 
Colin  pause  to  question,  or  explain,  the  further 
statement  contained  in  the  passage  he  cites  that 
'  the  Allobroges  of  Savoy  and  the  Lake  of  Geneva  ' 
and  '  the  Allobroges  of  Dauphine  '  had  a  different 
coinage.  Yet  it  is  a  striking  proof  of  the  extent 
and  importance  of  the  race — and  if  M.  Lentheric's 
assertion  is  true,  it  is  difficult  to  account  for  Com- 
mandant Colin's  emphatic  repudiation  of  Livy's 
statement  with  regard  to  the  Allobroges. 

I  would  ask  my  readers  to  compare  the  fore- 
going references  with  the  boundaries  assigned  to 
the  Allobroges  in  Commandant  Colin's  map,  and 
to  the  limits  to  which  he  would  confine  them  in 


^  Desjardins,  La  Gaule  Romaine,  vol.  ii.  p.  216  :  '  Nous  cherchons  a 
retrouver  I'etendue  des  domaines  de  ces  peuples  tels  qu'ils  6taient  a 
I'arrivee  des  Remains.  La  difficulte  d'un  pareil  travail  resulte  d'abord 
de  la  p^nurie  ou  nous  sommes  de  documents  gdographiques  pour  cette 
^poque,  et  ensuite  de  ces  liens  de  patronage  et  de  clientele  si  repandus 
dans  la  Gaule,  liens  qui  empechent  d'isoler  ces  peuples  et  parfois  mcme 
de  les  distinguer  entre  eux.  Ces  hens,  plus  ou  moins  durables,  unis- 
saient  par  une  dependance  plus  ou  moins  6troite  les  petits  peuples  aux 
grands,  et  cr^aient  quelquefois  meme  une  6chelle  a  deux  ou  a  plusieurs 
degres  comme  pour  les  fiefs  du  moyen  age,  t6moin  les  Allobroges,  qui, 
lors  de  leur  lutte  supreme  contre  les  Remains,  rangdrent  sous  leur 
eommandement  les  petits  peuples  voisins,'  etc. 

The  concluding  sentence  illu  trates  and  confirms  my  argument. 


74  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

telling  the  story  of  Hannibal,  when  he  is  indignant 
at  the  suggestion  that  a  tribe  bearing  this  name 
could  be  found  north  of  the  Isere,  in  the  posi- 
tion which  at  a  later  date  was  the  centre  of  the 
race. 

Again,  Caesar,  we  are  told  (p.  99),  marched 
27  kilometres,  nearly  20  Roman  miles  a  day,  for 
many  days,  and  that  not  in  the  Rhone  valley, 
but  over  very  difficult  ground  and  the  Col  du 
Lautaret !  But  when  we  come  to  Hannibal,  we 
are  assured  that  he  only  averaged  9  Roman 
miles  a  day  while  in  the  Rhone  Valley,  and  this  is 
enforced  by  the  statement  that  armies  have  seldom 
marched  more  than  50  kilometres  (35  Roman  miles) 
in  four  days,  unless  before  modern  battles  (p.  337). 
Yet  Commandant  Colin  quotes  from  Vegetius  a 
statement  (p.  325)  that  the  average  day's  march 
for  a  Roman  army  was  in  the  plain  24  Roman 
miles,  in  the  mountains  20  Roman  miles,  and 
his  follower,  Professor  Wilkinson,  adds  that 
Napoleon  counted  24  leagues  (72  Roman  miles) 
as  four  days'  march. 

With  respect  to  Polybius,  I  agree  in  the  main 
with  Commandant  Colin' s  remarks.  But  as  to 
Livy,  I  find  it  somewhat  difficult  to  reconcile  his 
various  criticisms.  On  one  page  we  learn  that 
Livy's  accounts  are  generally  drawn  from  good 
sources  and  are  not  to  be  thrown  aside  a  priori ; 
that  they  are  more  detailed  than  those  of  Polybius  ; 
that  it  is  only  in  their  arrangement  that  they  are 
defective  and  may  lead  a  careless  reader  to  false 
conclusions  (p.  143).  But  a  hundred  pages  later 
he  tells  us  that  in  '  the  text  of  Livy,  two  blunders, 
two  enormous  blunders,  spoil  the  whole  picture, 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS     75 

the  introduction  of  the  Allobroges  in  or  near  the 
Island,  and  their  suppression  in  the  region  of  the 
first  fight.'  He  goes  on:  *  Polybius,  we  have  re- 
peated it,  and  we  repeat  it  again,  had  been  in  the 
country,  had  seen  the  Island  and  the  Allobroges, 
visited  the  battlefield  and  the  town  pillaged  by 
Hannibal.  Livy,  who  remained  at  Rome  and 
who,  had  he  gone  to  the  Alps  would  have  foimd 
no  exact  tradition  as  to  Hannibal,  has  no 
authority  at  aU  in  a  matter  of  this  kind.'  ^ 

The  above  are  not  unfair  specimens  of  the  way 
in  which  our  author  is  at  times  carried  away  by 
his  argument. 

We  must  now  follow  Hannibal's  march  through 
the  mountains  as  indicated  by  Commandant  Colin. 

It  is,  as  I  have  shown,  on  the  strength  of  the  1600 
stades  from  Emporion  to  the  river  that  Com- 
mandant Colin  fixes  the  passage  of  the  Rhone  at 
Fourques  ;  and  it  is  on  this  identification  that 
he  asserts  the  Island  to  be  the  district  opposite 
Avignon  and  immediately  north  of  the  junction  of 
the  Rhone  and  the  Durance  ;  that  he  indicates,  as 
the  scene  of  the  first  battle,  the  acute  angle  in  the 
Isere  Valley,  a  few  miles  below  Grenoble,  and  as 
the  scene  of  the  second  battle,  a  narrowing  in  the 
Arc  Valley  near  St.  Michel.  He  thus  stands  com- 
mitted to  an  Arc — Dora  Pass — but   has  still  to 

^  The  coupling  of  the  Island  and  the  Allobroges  in  this  sentence  of 
Commandant  Colin's  is  open  to  misunderstanding.  It  may  therefore 
be  expedient  to  remind  readers  as  to  what  Polybius  says.  Polybius 
tells  us  that  Hannibal's  march  through  the  Allobroges  of  the  low 
country  was  smoothed  by  the  Island  chief,  but  that  he  was  attacked 
by  the  Allobroges  when  he  got  into  the  mountains.  It  is  a  reasonable 
inference  that  Polybius  did  not  look  on  the  Island  tribe  as  Allobroges, 
but  considered  the  territory  of  that  tribe  as  extending  for  several  da\  s' 
march  to  the  south  or  east.  Polybius  visited  the  Alps  some  seventy 
years  after  Hannibal's  Passage. 


76  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

make  liis  choice  among  several.  To  do  this  gives 
him  no  difficulty.  For  he  has  his  second  crucial  test 
ready  ;  he  has  persuaded  himself  that  the  famous 
speech  attributed  to  Hannibal  is  to  be  taken 
neither  as  the  artifice  of  an  historian,  nor  as  a 
summary  of  what  a  great  general  might  be  ex- 
pected to  say  on  reaching  the  crest  of  the  Alps 
and  seeing  the  downward  slope  and  the  streams 
running  another  way.  He  treats  it  as  practically 
a  verbatim  report  (Commandant  Colin  insists 
on  every  turn  of  phrase,  and  sometimes  in  his 
translation  improves  the  turn)  taken,  we  must 
suppose,  by  some  Greek  secretary  on  Hannibal's 
staff,  perhaps  Silenus,  whose  work  is  said  to  have 
been  one  of  the  principal  authorities  used  by  later 
writers.  From  this  premiss,  or  assumption,  he 
proceeds  to  the  logical  conclusion  that  the  pass 
to  be  recognised  as  Hannibal's  mu.st  be  one  which 
commands  a  view  of  the  plain  of  Piedmont,  and 
also  a  glimpse  of  the  Ligurian  Apennine.  For, 
in  order  fully  to  satisfy  his  demand  for  literal 
accuracy  in  the  speech,  there  must  be  something 
in  the  view  to  hint  the  road  to  Etruria  and  Rome. 
From  the  Col  du  Clapier  he  believes  himself  to 
have  enjoyed  such  a  view,  and  he  feels  assured — as 
far  as  I  know,  rightly — that  no  other  pass  in  the 
Western  Alps,  with  a  top  broad  enough  for  an  army 
to  camp  on,  enjoys  the  required  prospect,  which  is 
one  of  his  '  crucial  requirements.' 

I  assume,  as  does  Mommsen,  that  the  Cartha- 
ginian army  in  place  of  marching  up  the  left  bank 
of  the  Isere  crossed  into  the  Island.  Professor 
Spenser  Wilkinson  takes  a  different  view  and 
believes  that  Hannibal  marched  up  the  left  bank 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS      77 

and  was  forced  into  the  hiUs  of  the  Vercors  at  the 
bend  of  the  stream  below  Grenoble.  This  sup- 
position hangs  together  with  the  Lower  Passage 
of  the  Rhone.  In  order  to  fit  the  distance  given 
by  Polybius  from  the  Passage  to  'the  Ascent  of 
the  Alps  leading  to  Italy,'  it  is  essential  for 
Professor  Wilkinson  to  find  an  '  Ascent '  some- 
where below  Grenoble.  To  me  it  does  not  com- 
mend itself,  for  I  find  it  hard  to  believe  that 
Hannibal's  guides  would  have  involved  him  at 
the  beginning  of  his  march  in  needless  diffi- 
culties. To  render  his  plunging  into  the  hills 
of  the  Vercors  probable,  we  must  assume  that 
the  passage  of  the  Isere  was  a  serious  undertaking. 
I  do  not  believe  this.  In  a  country  so  far  civilised 
as  this  region  must  have  been  in  order  to  furnish 
an  army  like  Hannibal's  with  supplies  not  only 
of  food,  but  of  clothing,  bridges  of  boats  or  ferries 
were  not  likely  to  be  wanting  over  the  minor  rivers. 
The  way  in  which  Livy  emphasises  the  difficulties 
in  the  passage  of  the  upper  Durance  indicates  that 
they  were  exceptional. 

After  taking  Grenoble,  identified  with  the  chief 
town  of  the  AUobroges,  Hannibal  is  described  as 
marching  up  the  valley  of  the  Isere  in  three  and  a 
half  days  to  Aiguebelle,  or  thereabouts  (some 
40  miles),  and  in  two  and  a  half  more  to  the 
Rocher  de  la  Porte  below  St.  Michel  (32  miles), 
where  Professor  Wilkinson  lays  the  scene  of  the 
second  battle.  Thus  Hannibal  is  brought  up  the 
Maurienne  to  the  entrance  of  the  glen  that 
leads  both  to  the  Petit  Mont  Cenis  and  the  pass 
now  known  as  the  Col  du  Clapier.  I  wiU  do  my 
best  with  the  help  of  a  map  to  put  before  my 


78  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

readers  the  somewhat  comphcated  local  facts  as  to 
the  latter  Col,  and  its  relations  to  the  better-known 
and  lower  passes. 

After  an  ascent  from  Bramans  in  the  Arc  Valley 
to  the  Planais  basin,  a  second  and  steeper  zigzag 
leads  to  the  much  higher  level  of  the  Savines 
glen.^ 

Here  the  traveller  leaves  on  his  left  a  broad 
grassy  gap,  crowned  by  some  pastoral  huts,  which 
forms  the  Col  of  the  Petit  Mont  Cenis.  It  leads 
on  its  farther  side  by  an  easy  descent  to  the 
lake  and  the  road  of  the  great  pass.  But  the 
way  to  the  Clapier  lies  due  east  up  a  narrow  glen 
of  rock-strewn  pasture  which  rises  gently  some 
1200  feet  in  four  miles.  Commandant  Colin  calls  it 
in  the  same  sentence  an  '  immense  plaine  '  and  a 
'  couloir.'  The  latter  term  would  seem  to  me  to 
be  the  more  appropriate.  But  the  glen  does  widen 
considerably  towards  its  head,  which  is  barred 
by  a  very  low  ridge  somewhat  under  1000  Awards 
in  length.  This  forms  the  Alpine  watershed  and 
connects  the  base  of  Mont  Ciusalet  with  the  Mont 
d' Ambin :  in  the  space  between  them  lies  an  Alpine 
tarn,  the  Lac  de  Savines.  The  ridge  rises  in  its 
centre  into  several  knolls,  while  at  the  north  end 
there  is  a  shallow  and  narrow  gap,  Brockedon's 
Col  de  Clairee,  the  modern  Col  du  Clapier.  The 
wayfarer  standing  in  this  depression  has  no  view 
whatever  of  the  plain  of  Piedmont ;  to  see  this 
he  must  climb  one  of  the  higher  knolls,  some  five 
to  ten  minutes'  scramble.     Thence  the  eyes  sweep 

^  The  frequent  references  made  to  the  gentleness  of  the  ascent  from 
the  Maurienne  to  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  are  misleading.  It  is  only  gentle 
when  the  true  Mont  Cenis  has  been  climbed  first,  that  is,  for  travellers 
who  start  from  Lanslebourg,  like  the  Vaudois  in  the  Rentr6e  Glorieuse. 


|)Ldu  CLAPIER 

AND 

fENIS  PASSES 


^^'^Ji 


THE   COLduCLAPIER 

AND 

'■^^4  MONT  CENIS  PASSES 


Scale    of  Miles 


i^:-"-l 


1/ 


y 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS      79 

the  valley  of  the  Dora,  and  see  beyond  it,  enclosed 
between  the  crag  of  San  Michele  and  the  opposite 
range,  a  narrow  strip  of  the  plain  with  on  the 
horizon  the  hills  of  Montferrat  crowned  by  the 
Superga  above  Turin.  This,  at  least,  is  all  I  could 
see  on  a  fairly  clear  day.  Commandant  Colin 
describes  a  wider  view,  '  toute  la  plaine  de 
Piemont,  la  Lombardie  et  k  droite  I'Appenin 
Ligure.'  *  Certes,'  he  exclaims,  '  Annibal  pouvait 
montrer  a  ses  soldats  non  seulement  la  plaine  du 
Po  mais  la  route  de  Rome  jusqu'en  Etrurie.'  If 
Commandant  Colin  will  test  his  recollection  by  a 
large-scale  government  map  on  which  the  altitudes 
are  given,  he  will,  I  believe,  find  that  the  high  range 
south  of  the  Dora  Valley  effectually  blocks  out  the 
Ligurian  Apennine  and  the  road  to  Etruria.  But 
this  is,  I  admit,  an  irrelevant  detail,  except  for 
those  who  deny  to  Hannibal  imagination  and  to 
Polybius  picturesque  invention. 

The  gap  in  question  serves,  as  I  have  said,  as  a 
pass,  a  short  cut  from  Bramans  to  Susa  :  owing 
however  to  the  very  precipitous  character  of  the 
descent  into  Italy,  it  has  never  come  into  common 
use.  From  the  pasture  below  the  Col  a  rude 
staircase  path  zigzags  down  among  cliffs  and 
waterfalls  for  fully  4000  feet  before  it  reaches  the 
relatively  level  meadows  in  which  the  streams 
that  form  the  Clairee  unite.  It  is  not  long  before 
the  water  falls  again  into  a  ravine,  through  which 
it  finds  its  way  to  join  the  Dora.  The  modern 
pedestrian  avoids  this  second  plunge  by  following 
a  terrace  path,  which  guide-books  call  giddy,  beside 
the  canal  that  supplies  the  large  village  of  Jaillon 
(Giaglione)  on  the  slope  immediately  above  Susa. 


80  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

The  track  here  described,  a  smugglers'  and 
peasants'  pass,  is  that  now  known  as  the  Col  du 
Clapier.  It  seems  occasionally  to  have  been  con- 
fused in  military  literature  with  the  much  more 
serviceable  Petit  Mont  Cenis.  First  drawn  out  of 
obscurity  more  than  seventy  years  ago  by  the 
chance  that  Brockedon,  one  of  the  earliest  English 
Alpine  explorers,  and  the  colleague  of  the  John 
^lurray  of  that  date  in  supplying  the  material  for 
the  first  edition  of  the  famous  Handbook  for 
Travellers  in  Switzerland  and  the  Alps  of  Savoy  and 
Piedmo7it  (1838),  crossed  it,  this  bypass  has  re- 
ceived a  good  deal  of  attention.  Mr.  Coolidge 
has  examined  and  catalogued  the  literary  refer- 
ences to  it  with  his  customary  perseverance  and 
accuracy.^  Professor  Wilkinson  has  visited  it 
and  quoted  at  length  from  the  Handbook  and 
Blackwood'' s  Magazine  (vol.  xxxix.,  May  1836)  ^ 
Brockedon's  descriptions  of  it.  '  The  pass,' 
Brockedon  wrote,  '  is  on  the  Italian  side,  the 
steepest  I  have  ever  traversed  !  '  The  knees 
of  most  modern  tourists  who  follow  him  down 
the  4000-feet  staircase  will  give  them  cause 
to  agree  in  this  verdict !  M.  Ferrand,  who  has 
thoroughly  explored  the  neighbourhood,  tells  us 
that  this  staircase  is  too  steep  for  cattle,  and  that 
the  herdsmen  on  the  Alp  on  the  Piedmontese 
side  bring  their  cows  up  by  another  way.  To 
M.  Ferrand  we  also  owe  some  fresh  facts  whicli 

^  Eivista  del  Club  Alp.  Ital.,  vol.  xxx.  No.  6,  1911. 

2  W.  Brockedon  travelled  widely  in  the  Alps,  and  besides  his  prin- 
cipal work,  The  Passes  of  the  Alps,  1828-9,  published  in  1833,  Jownals 
of  Excursions  in  the  Alps,  the  Pennine,  Graian,  Cottian,  Rhetiaji,  Lepon- 
lian,  and  Bernese,  and  in  1836  a  series  of  articles  in  Blackwood's  Maga- 
zine. Brockedon's  portrait  by  himself  is  hung  among  the  portraits 
of  painters  in  the  Uffizi  Gallery  at  Florence. 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS     81 

confirm  and  illustrate  part  of  the  literary  material 
collected  by  Mr.  Coolidge. 

He  points  out,  that  from  the  lake  at  the  head  of 
the  Savines  glen,  two  separate  tracks,  divided  by 
the  promontory  on  which  Commandant  Colin  and 
Professor  Wilkinson  are  fain  to  plant  Hannibal, 
cross  the  watershed  at  points  some  800  to  1000 
metres  apart.  That  to  the  north,  leading  through 
the  narrow  gap  called  by  Brockedon  the  Col  de 
Clairee  to  the  staircase  path,  is,  as  I  have  shown, 
the  modern  Clapier ;  ^  while  that  to  the  south  after  a 
short  descent  crosses  level  ground  draining  towards 
the  Dora  and  containing  some  little  tarns,  the  Lacs 
du  Clapier,  overhung  by  a  glacier.  M.  Ferrand 
makes  the  important  statement  that  he  is  unable 
to  confirm  Commandant  Colin' s  reported  discovery 
of  the  remains  of  a  Roman  road  on  both  sides  of  the 
watershed.  This  is  a  matter  that  should  be  further 
investigated.  I  was  imaware  of  the  alleged  dis- 
covery, when  on  the  spot.  But  to  recognise  and 
distinguish  Roman  from  later  roadwork  demands 
more  of  an  expert  than  the  present  writer.  In  his 
preface,  I  must  repeat.  Commandant  Colin  throws 
doubt  on  his  own  recognition,  for  he  writes  of 
'  une  ancienne  chaussee  pavee,  peut-etre  une  voie 
romaine.'  ^ 

^  It  is  also  sometimes  termed  very  appropriately  '  the  Col  de 
I'Escalier.' 

*  I  quote  the  two  passages :  '  Le  chemin  qui  passe  a  droit  de  I'^cran- 
chure  du  Clapier  est  bien  celui  qu'Annibal  a  suivi.  Une  voie  romaine 
est  encore  la  pour  prouver  que  les  anciens  employaient  ce  passage. 
Cette  voie  pav^e  de  larges  dalles  avec  des  murs  de  soutenement  bien 
construit  se  voit  sur  un  longueur  de  deux  kUometres  du  cote  de  I'ltalie. 
EUe  disparait  a  Fapproche  du  fameux  rocher  qui  a  arrete  les  ^Mphants 
pendant  trois  jours.  Sur  le  versant  franQais  la  voie  romaine  ne  suit 
pas  la  rive  droite  du  Lac  Savine  dans  les  prairies  ;  elle  longe  le  pied  des 
escarpements  de  la  rive  gauche  et  les  6bouhs  I'ont  recouverte  en  grande 

F 


82  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

After  traversing  the  level  strewn  with  small 
tarns  this  track  climbs  over  rough  screes  to  the 
brow  of  a  precipitous  spur  (locally  known  as  La 
Coscia)  that  overhangs  the  Clairee  glen.  M.  Ferrand 
describes  it  as,  like  most  cow-paths,  free  from  any 
danger  in  good  weather  to  ordinary  hill-climbers, 
but  passing  in  places  close  to  precipices  where  a 
fall  off  it  might  have  serious  consequences. 

A  conspicuous  stone-man  now  marks  the  summit 
of  the  ascent.  Beyond  the  screes  the  path,  skirting 
the  hillsides,  reaches  a  gap  in  a  lower  spur,  and 
then  descends  upon  Exilles  in  the  upper  valley 
of  the  Dora,  some  eight  miles  above  Susa.^  This 
path  owes  its  name — the  Col  de  Touilles — to 
some  chalets  close  to  the  last  ridge  traversed  and 
a  long  way  below  the  Coscia  spur.  It  is,  in  fact, 
not  a  pass,  but  part  of  a  high-level  route,  and  was 
in  1689  used  as  such  in  its  entirety  by  a  band  of 
Vaudois  in  the  famous  '  Rentree  Joyeuse.'  Start- 
ing from  Lanslebourg  they,  in  order  to  avoid 
their  enemies,  crossed  the  Mont  Cenis  (6893  ft.), 
the  Little  Mont  Cenis  (7166  ft.),  the  gap  (about 
8250  ft.),  south  of  the  modern  Col  du  Clapier 
(three  passages  of  the  Alpine  watershed),  and 
then  climbed  to  the  top  of  the  cliff  (the  Coscia, 
8807  ft.)  before  descending  to  Touilles  and  Exilles.^ 

partie.  A  peine  apergoit-on  ca  et  la  un  morceau  de  la  chauss6e  entre 
les  blocs  amoncel6s.' — Colin,  p.  397. 

'  M.  Colin  dit  d' avoir  vu  sur  la  rive  droite  du  Lac  de  Savine  des  traces 
de  voie  romaine.  Je  n'en  ai  point  vu,  mais  il  est  vrai  que  les  ^boulis 
recouvrent  tout.  II  dit  aussi  d'avoir  vu  deux  kilometres  sur  le  plateau 
des  Lacs  Clapier.  Je  n'ai  rien  vu,  et  la  ce  serait  la  prairie  qui  aurait 
pu  recouvrir.' — Ferrand,  Revue  des  Eludes  Anciennes,  vol.  x.  No.  1. 

^  A  bypath  leads  back  to  the  lower  glen  of  the  Clair6e  (or  Clarea) 
by  a  circuitous  route. 

*  The  name  '  Clapier '  has  apparently  been  given  to  the  northern 
gap  only  of  late  years.     I  suggest  that  it  has  been  transferred  from 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS     83 

It  was  also  used  at  a  later  date  (1745)  by  a  de- 
tachment of  Franco-Spanish  troops  in  an  attempt 
to  assail  the  fortress  of  Exilles  from  the  rear. 

These  adventures  of  small  bodies  of  troops, 
lightly  equipped  and  compelled  for  special  pur- 
poses to  seek  out  obscure  bypaths,  offer  little  or 
no  analogy  to  the  passage  of  an  African  army, 
numbering  at  this  time,  at  the  lowest  calculation, 
thirty  thousand  men,  with  their  baggage  train. 
No  general  provided  with  competent  guides — 
and  we  have  no  grounds  for  doubting  the  com- 
petency or  loyalty  of  Hannibal's  guides — would 
dream  of  selecting  for  such  an  army,  and  that  in 
late  autumn,  this  circuitous  high-level  route  along 
the  Alpine  watershed  as  a  short  cut  to  the  Dora 
Valley  and  the  Piedmontese  plain.  The  only 
plausible  explanation  of  Hannibal  taking  it  would 
be  that  his  guides  were  traitors,  and  deliberately 
planned  his  destruction.  I  make  a  present  of  the 
suggestion  (for  what  it  is  worth)  to  the  advocates 
of  this  so-called  Clapier — in  fact  the  Touilles — 
route. 

Commandant   Colin   quotes   from   Honorius,    a 

the  southern  track.  Clapier  =  scree,  and  the  characteristic  of  the  latter 
track  is  that  it  traverses  screes.  There  are  none  on  the  direct  pass 
to  the  Clairee,  which  ought,  in  my  opinion,  to  retain  the  name  used  by 
Brockedon. 

Mr.  Coolidge  is,  I  think,  mistaken  in  identifjang  '  La  Coche '  with 
the  modern  Clapier.  It  is  obviously  a  patois  term  equivalent  to  the 
Itahan  '  Costa '  or  '  Coscia,'  a  name  given  on  the  Italian  maps  to  the 
spur  of  the  Mont  d'Ambin  the  Touilles  track  crosses.  This  is  the 
highest  point  in  the  '  high-level '  route,  being  761  feet  above  the  gap  in 
the  watershed.  There  are  thus  really  three  passes,  besides  the  Little 
Mont  Cenis,  on  the  high-level  route,  the  true  Clapier,  the  Col  de  la  Coche, 
and  the  Col  de  Touilles  of  the  Italian  maps.  The  Col  des  Rochers 
P6nibles  of  the  French  map,  and  the  *  Rocher  Ptnible'  of  the  1.50000 
Italian  Survey  of  1871-4,  would  seem  to  be  identical  with  the  Col  de 
la  Coche.  Its  name,  at  any  rate,  is  a  paraphrase  in  good  French  of 
Clapier. 


84  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

fifth  and  sixth  century  geographer,  an  obscure  hst 
of  passes  in  the  Cottian  Alps  :  '  Matrone,  Cottidie, 
Marciane,  Jule,  Emingallo '  (sic),  and  identifies  four 
of  them  as  follows :  Mont  Genevre,  Col  de  FEchelle, 
Col  de  la  Roue  (Oulx  being  '  Ad  Martis  '),  and 
Col  du  Clapier.  Any  identification  of  the  last  he 
prudently  gives  up — though  Mon  Galese  might 
have  served  him  as  a  rough  guess. ^  The  first  two 
names  may  either  both  refer  to  the  Mont  Genevre, 
or  to  that  and  some  neighbouring  pass  ;  the  third, 
I  agree,  may  be  the  Col  de  la  Roue,  the  '  Jule  '  is 
far  more  likely  to  be  the  Col  de  Frejus  or  the 
Mont  Cenis  than  the  Clapier.  I  have  argued  else- 
where that  the  Mont  Cenis  was  probably  Caesar's 
pass. 

I  should  add  that  Commandant  Colin  (p.  260) 
accepts  Osiander's  hypothetical  identification  of 
Modane  with  a  Forum  Julii.  It  would  suit  my 
theory  that  Juhus  Caesar  passed  through  the 
Maurienne.  But  the  evidence  for  the  name 
seems  to  me  too  slight  to  be  relied  on. 

Let  us  now  see  how  Commandant  Colin  will  deal 
with  the  difficulties  encountered  in  the  descent. 
He  will  have  nothing  to  say  to  the  staircase  of 
the  modern  Col  du  Clapier.  '  II  ne  parait  pas 
vraisemblable  que  jamais  une  armee  ait  passe  par 
le  sentier  vertigineux  du  Qapier,  ou  la  largeur 
manque  en  meme  temps  que  la  raideur  est  ex- 
cessive.' 2     Hannibal,  he  says,  from  the  Lac  de 

^  See  Coolidge,  Simler  et  les  Origines  de  V Alpinisme,  as  to  the  use  of 
'  Mon  Gales  '  in  old  maps,  etc. 

2  The  quotations  from  Colonel  Perrin  given  by  Commandant  Colin 
in  support  of  this  view  indicate  that  the  Colonel  did  not  appreciate  the 
exact  meaning  of  '  Clapier.'  It  is  not  a  chff,  but  a  slope  of  broken 
rocks,  a  scree,  the  Cumberland  '  clatter.' 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS      85 

Savines,  took  the  southern,  the  right  hand,  gap 
and  followed  the  traverse  until  where,  near  its 
highest  point  (the  Coscia  or  Col  de  la  Coche),  the 
track  was  found  to  be  broken. 

The  Carthaginians  first  tried  to  turn  the  obstacle 
by  climbing  on  to  the  '  veritables  champs  de 
glace  et  de  neige '  of  the  Glacier  de  I'Agneau 
which  hangs  on  the  side  of  the  Mont  d'Ambin. 
But  finding  the  foothold  on  the  fresh  snow  lying 
on  the  surface  of  the  frozen  stuff  very  bad,  they 
gave  up  the  attempt  and  returned  to  the  broken 
track.  This  they  repaired  by  blasting  the  rock 
and  bringing  up  large  timber.  How  it  came  that 
at  this  height  (8000  ft.)  they  found  the  '  huge 
trees  '  of  Livy  ready  to  their  hands  Commandant 
Colin  omits  to  tell  us.  The  elephants  could  not 
have  gone  down  to  fetch  them,  for  they  were  unable 
to  cross  the  broken  path. 

Here  we  leave  Commandant  Colin,  for  the 
question  of  what  is  a  reasonable  identification 
of  the  district  'of  the  Taurini  who  live  close  to 
the  mountain  skirts '  has  been  already  gone  into 
at  sufficient  length.  I  would,  however,  venture 
to  urge  again  on  the  military  critics  one  matter 
for  their  careful  consideration.  There  is,  as  I 
have  shown,  no  evidence  forthcoming  that  the 
chief  town  of  the  Taurini  was  on  the  site  of  the 
modern  Turin.  But  even  assuming  that  it  was, 
a  tribe  strong  enough  to  decline  to  negotiate  with, 
and  to  defy,  the  leader  of  a  host  of  some  thirty 
thousand  men — with  elephants — cannot  have  been 
restricted  to  the  neighbourhood  of  any  single 
town.  It  must  have  occupied  a  very  consider- 
able  territory,   such   a   territory   as    is    assigned 


86  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

to  the  Taurini  by  Ptolemy  and  the  ancient  geo- 
graphers. 

One  more  criticism  I  must  make  before  parting 
with  this  ingenious  and  suggestive  author.  Com- 
mandant CoHn  unluckily  supplies  no  index,  but  I 
have  searched  his  pages  assiduously  and  in  vain  for 
any  reference  to  the  verdict  of  Varro,  or  to  the  ex- 
istence of  the  military  route  of  the  Vars-Argentiere 
from  the  Durance  into  Italy.  Yet  the  Comman- 
dant has  read  and  refers  (p.  405)  to  Mr.  Marindin's 
articles  in  The  Classical  Review,  and  he  must,  there- 
fore, be  fully  aware  that  these  are  matters  worthy 
of  some  mention,  if  not  consideration,  in  any  new 
contribution  to  the  Hannibalian  controversy. 

I  have  still  to  consider  certain  points  in  Professor 
Wilkinson's  recent  addition  to  the  literature  of 
our  subject  which  are  not  fully  covered  by  my 
comments  on  Commandant  Colin's  book.  Pro- 
fessor Wilkinson's  essay,  first  delivered,  he  teUs 
us,  as  a  lecture  before  the  University  of  Oxford, 
is  in  the  main  an  able  abridgement,  as  far  as  the 
famous  march  is  concerned,  of  the  French  work, 
to  which  he  frequently  refers.  His  object  in 
printing  it  has  been  to  put  prominently  before  an 
English  audience  the  novel  and  somewhat  startling 
theory  that  has  found  favour  of  late  years  among 
French  miUtary  critics,  together  with  the  gromids, 
or  assumptions,  on  which  this  theory  is  supported. 

I  will  endeavour  as  far  as  possible  not  to  weary 
my  reader — assuming  any  reader  to  have  got  so 
far — by  a  repetition  of  objections  that  have 
already  been  more  or  less  fully  taken.  Professor 
Wilkinson  as  an  antagonist  has  the  merit  of  putting 
his  points  concisely  and  clearly  and  without  any 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS     87 

qualification.  Thus  he  writes :  '  The  district  of 
the  Taurini  is  represented  by  the  modern  city  of 
Turin.  We  may,  therefore,  take  the  neighbour- 
hood of  Turin  as  a  point  fixed  by  the  agreement  of 
Livy  and  Polybius  and  may  work  from  that  fixed 
point.'  Again  he  tells  us  :  '  The  nature  of  the 
view  from  the  Col  du  Clapier  is  the  crucial  evidence 
that  this  was  Hannibal's  Pass.'  To  these  *  crucial 
points'  I  need  not  return.  We  must  agree  to 
differ. 

When  we  come  to  the  passage  of  the  Rhone,  I 
find  the  English  critic  improving  on  the  argument 
of  his  French  predecessor.  He  does  allude  to 
Commandant  Colin' s  aU-important  distance  from 
Emporion  to  Fourques,  but  he  also  calculates 
backwards  2600  stades  from  Avigliana,  which  he 
takes  as  the  end  of  the  Alps,  to  the  Passage,  and 
so  by  a  reverse  process  gets  safely  to  the  same  spot 
— Fourques.  No  critic  that  I  know  of  has  yet 
failed  to  make  the  distances  on  this  part  of  the 
march  fit  in  with  his  theory. 

Proceeding  to  details,  we  find  Professor  Wilkin- 
son disagreeing  with  Commandant  Colin  as  to  the 
breadth  of  the  river  above  Avignon.  He  beheves 
it  to  be  too  narrow  at  Roquemaure  to  meet  the 
classical  historians'  statements  as  to  rafts.  But 
CoMn  gives  its  breadth  as  650  to  820  feet  (p.  292) 
and  the  rafts  only  covered  300  feet.^ 

The  Professor  next  tells  us  :  '  Livy  distinctly 
states  that  Scipio  marched  in  order  of  battle ' 
from  Fos  to  the  passage.  '  Quadrato  agmine ' 
appears  to  me  applicable  only  to  the  last  day  of 
the  march.     He  concludes  that  '  the  distance  from 

*  See  ante,  p.  66.    The  French  survey  maps  confirm  Colin's  figures. 


88  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

Fos  to  a  point  on  the  river  a  mile  or  two  north  of 
Fourques  perfectly  accords  with  the  text  (of 
Polybius)  with  which  in  all  that  concerns  the 
passage  of  the  Rhone  that  of  Livy  precisely 
concurs.'  Tliirty-four  miles  is  therefore,  in  Pro- 
fessor Wilkinson's  view,  the  perfect  and  precise 
equivalent  to  '  about  a  four  days'  march  '  !  And 
let  me  again  note  that  the  passage  in  which 
Polybius  calls  it  a  four  days'  march  is  one  where 
he  is  giving  the  time  normally  occupied  without 
any  particular  reference  to  Scipio's  particular 
rate  of  march.  This  Polybius,  contradicting  his 
modern  commentators,  explicitly  says  was  hurried. 
Professor  Wilkinson  continues  :  '  Livy  distinctly 
states  that  Hannibal  marched  in  order  of  battle, 
a  proceeding  which  is  inconsistent  with  rapidity  of 
movement.  Hannibal's  average  rate  of  march  up 
the  valley  of  the  Rhone  was  less  than  nine  miles  a 
day.  Scipio  marching  with  his  army  drawn  out 
for  battle  and  carefully  fortifying  his  camp  each 
night  would  be  very  unlikely  to  move  faster  than 
this.'  But  I  do  not  find  in  Livy  any  such  state- 
ment as  to  Hannibal's  average  rate  of  march  up 
the  Rhone  valley,  or  that  Scipio  fortified  his  camp 
each  night,  or  that  he  marched  all  the  way  in  battle 
array.  The  first  statement  appears  to  me  an  ille- 
gitimate inference  (see  p.  68),  and  the  two  latter 
unwarranted  expansions  of  Livy's  actual  words. 
]\Ioreover,  Commandant  Colin  takes  quite  a 
different  view  (p.  290),  '  Les  Legions  devraient 
marcher  d'une  allure  plus  vive  que  I'armee-car- 
avane  d'Annibal.'  W^hen  such  military  authori- 
ties disagree  the  ordinary  man  perhaps  may  be 
excused  for  holding  to  his  own  opinion. 


MONT  CENTS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS     89 

Next  comes  the  Island.  Polybius's  statement 
that  it  has  at  its  base  '  momitains  difficult  of 
approach  and  access,  and  almost,  so  to  speak, 
impassable,'  is  converted  into  '  mountains  hard 
to  approach  and  to  enter,  and  therefore  impassable  ' 
(the  italics  are  mine),  which  is  a  very  different 
thing.  Professor  Wilkinson  adopts  Colin' s  view 
that  the  Island  is  the  district  opposite  Avignon 
under  Mont  Ventoux  and  that  the  second  river 
is  the  fountain  of  Vaucluse — the  Sorgues — though 
he  is  apparently  ready,  if  pressed,  to  substitute  for 
it  the  Durance. 

For  the  rest  of  the  march  up  to  the  pass,  for 
the  two  battles,  our  authors  are  at  one.  To 
Professor  Wilkinson  the  description  of  the  descent 
suggests  a  glacier.  As  far  as  my  Alpine  experi- 
ence goes,  and  Mr.  Coohdge  and  I  believe  all 
English  mountaineers  agree  with  me,  the  classical 
narratives  do  not  indicate  the  passage  of  a  glacier. 
Glacier  ice — particularly  near  the  foot  of  a  glacier 
— does  not  yield  to  trampling  ;  the  difficulties 
described  are  exactly  those  which  are  met  with 
ordinarily  on  avalanche  beds,  or  where  there  are 
two  layers  of  snow  from  successive  faUs. 

Professor  Wilkinson  accepts  the  doubtful  emend- 
ation of  Livy  which  is  taken  to  involve  a  vertical 
precipice  1000  feet  deep — where  Polybius  mentions 
a  break  of  the  same  length  in  the  path. 

Professor  Wilkinson  concludes  his  chapter  thus : 
*  The  explanation  suggested  by  several  visits  to 
the  pass,  and  repeated  study  of  the  text  of  both 
writers,  is  that  Hannibal  made  use  both  of  the 
descent  into  the  "amphitheatre"  (the  staircase) 
and  of  the '' cor  niche''''  (the  Coche-Touilles  traverse). 


90  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

The  infantry  would  start  down  the  ordinary  path, 
and  in  spite  of  the  accidents  many  of  them  would 
go  that  way.  Hannibal  would  think  it  too 
dangerous  for  his  horses,  mules,  and  elephants,  and 
would  start  with  them  along  the  corniche.  Then 
he  would  try  the  glacier,  and  having  given  that 
up  would  repair  the  broken  corniche  for  the 
animals.'  Of  where  he  found  the  big  trees  that 
supplied  bonfires  and  helped  to  mend  the  road,  we 
are  told  nothing.  The  spot  indicated  is  far  above 
the  tree-level. 

Here  it  will  be  seen  Professor  Wilkinson  im- 
proves on  his  predecessor  by  bringing  '  the  stair- 
case '  into  some  use.  He  next  proceeds  '  to  give 
reasons  why  the  passes  other  than  the  Clapier 
must,  in  his  opinion,  be  unconditionally  rejected.' 
As  to  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  our  reasons  are 
the  same ;  the  Mont  Genevre  he  disregards 
because  it  has  '  no  view  of  Italy,  no  glacier.' 
A  glacier,  it  seems,  has  also  become  a  crucial 
requirement. 

From  Professor  Wilkinson's  version  of  the 
march,  we  turn  to  see  how  he  treats  the  argu- 
ments of  earlier  writers.  He  does  not  deal,  nor 
can  any  writer  on  the  subject  be  expected  to  deal, 
with  them  in  any  detail.  But  it  seems  to  me  a  fair 
matter  for  regret  that  in  his  lecture  and  booklet, 
when  referring  to  Dr.  Arnold's  history.  Professor 
Wilkinson  did  not  notice  the  edition  of  his  chapters 
on  The  Second  Punic  War,  brought  out  in  1886 
by  his  own  friend  and  Dr.  Arnold's  grandson,  the 
late  W.  T.  Arnold,  a  scholar  and  a  critic  of  sound 
judgment.  There,  in  an  appendix  of  eleven 
pages,  may  be  found  a  valuable  comment  on  the 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS     91 

classical  texts  written  with  a  full  knowledge  of  the 
literature  of  the  subject  up  to  that  date,  together 
with  a  clear  and  judicial  summary  of  the  whole 
controversy.  There  also  readers  may  learn  that 
the  Clapier  hypothesis  was  even  a  quarter  of  a 
century  ago  no  novelty  to  EngHsh  writers.  It  is 
true  they  will  not  discover  any  support  for  that 
hypothesis.  W.  T.  Arnold  wrote,  '  So  far  as  I 
can  discover,  the  only  serious  argument  (for  the 
Col  du  Clapier)  is  that  it  commands  an  ex- 
ceptionally good  view  of  Italy.  This  point,  of  the 
view  of  Italy,  is  not  one  of  those  on  which  it  is 
advisable  to  lay  stress,'  and  again,  Arnold's  last 
words  are,  '  I  should  be  disposed  to  say  that  IVIr. 
Freshfield — for  I  do  not  regard  Colonel  Perrin, 
with  his  Col  du  Clapier,  as  a  serious  rival — holds 
the  field.'  ^ 

I  now  pass  on  to  Professor  Wilkinson's  remarks 
on  my  argument  con  tamed  in  the  Alpine  Journal 
(vol.  xi.  p.  267).  He  does  not  seem  to  have  been 
acquainted,  when  writing,  with  my  subsequent 
notes  on  the  subject  {Alpine  Journal^  vol.  xiii.  p.  28, 
and  Proceedings  R.G.S.,  new  series,  vol.  viii.  p. 
638).  In  these,  while  modifying  in  some  important 
respects  my  previous  argument,  I  commented, 
not  only  on  Colonel  Perrin' s  Clapier  hypothesis, 
but  also  on  the  analysis  of  recent  Hamiibahan 
literature    contributed   in    1884   to    the   Berliner 

^  Professor  Wilkinson  has  subsequently  explained  {Geo.  Journal,  vol. 
xxxvii.,  No.  6,  p.  670)  that  in  his  behef  his  friend  and  former  colleague 
was  led  astray  by  an  exaggerated  respect  for  my  Alpine  experience, 
and  that  he  cannot  therefore  be  regarded  as  an  independent  judge. 
This  seems  to  me — to  say  the  least — a  strained  view  (see  ante,  p.  12). 
But  even  if  my  modesty  allowed  me  to  accept  it  as  far  as  my  adoption 
of  the  Col  de  I'Argentiere  is  concerned,  it  can  have  httle  or  no  bearing 
on  W.  T.  Arnold's  summary  dismissal  of  the  Col  du  Gapier. 


92  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

Philologische  Wochenschrift  (vol.  iv.  pp.  705,  737, 
769),  by  Professor  Schiller,  in  which  that  learned 
writer  concluded  in  favour  of  one  of  the  Durance 
passes,  a  view  also  expressed  more  recently  by 
Mr.  Coolidge  in  the  Alpine  Guided 

Professor  Wilkinson's  objections  have  for  the 
most  part  been  already  met  in  my  comment  on 
Commandant  Colin' s  volume.  He  writes  :  '  Livy 
says  that  from  the  Durance  onwards  Hannibal 
marched  across  a  plain  to  the  Alps ' ;  and  he  adds, 
'  There  is  no  plain  whatever  in  the  upper  valley 
of  the  Durance,  or  between  it  in  the  Alps.'  But 
Livy's  own  words  are :  '  Campestri  maxime 
itinere.'  The  paraphrase  given  seems  to  me 
forced  ;  '  for  the  most  part  over  open  (or  level) 
gromid '  would  be  nearer  the  Latin,  and  in  any 
case  the  sentence  must  be  read  in  connection  with 
the  immediate  context,  a  description  of  the  rugged 
character  of  the  surrounding  scenery.  In  fact, 
the  road  from  Gap  through  Embrun  to  Guillestre 
is  either  over  relatively  open  ground  or  in  a  valley, 
and  there  is  no  considerable  ascent.  As  Mr. 
W.  T.  Arnold,  and  M.  Chappuis  before  him,  have 
pointed  out,  Livy's  description  of  the  landscape  of 
the  upper  Durance  vaUey  is,  despite  all  denials, 
singularly  faithful  to  its  present  aspect. 

Professor  Wilkinson  emphatically  asserts  that 
the  pass  of  the  Barricades  in  Val  di  Stura  cannot, 
in  the  absence  of  opposition  from  an  enemy,  offer 
any  difficulty  whatever  to  the  passage  of  an  army. 

^  Alpine  Guide,  vol.  i.  p.  106 :  '  The  Col  du  Clapier  is  mentioned 
by  French  topographers  in  the  eighteenth  century,  while  Hannibal, 
according  to  a  very  improbable  theory,  and  certainly  the  Wal- 
denses,  traversed  it.'  Mr.  CooUdge  himself  inclines  to  the  Mont 
Genevre. 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS     93 

He  is  also  persuaded  that '  on  the  descent  from  the 
Col  de  Larche  (de  I'Argentiere)  there  is  no  possi- 
bility of  men  or  mules  falling  over  a  precipice.' 
The  best  answer  will  be  supplied  by  the  quotations 
from  Paulus  Jovius  and  the  Marquis  de  St.  Simon 
■contained  in  these  pages  (pp.  45  and  103). 

Professor  Wilkinson  comments  somewhat 
severely  on  assumptions  made  in  support  of  hypo- 
theses other  than  his  own.  The  problem  of  Han- 
nibal's Pass  is  one  which  cannot  be  attacked 
without  assumptions ;  but,  where  they  deal  not 
with  opinions  but  with  ascertainable  facts,  it  is  a 
reasonable  requirement  that  they  should  be  such 
as  a  contact  with  facts,  local  or  historical,  does  not 
dispose  of.  Do  Professor  Wilkinson's  assump- 
tions invariably  support  this  test  ?  For  example, 
he  assumes  his  passage  of  the  Rhone  ;  he  assumes 
that  the  district  of  the  Taurini  was  confhied  to 
'  the  neighbourhood  of  Turin.'  On  these  two 
assumptions  his  route  is  largely  based.  Again, 
he  would  fain  persuade  his  readers  that  before 
carriage  roads  were  made  the  modem  high-road- 
passes  were  not  more  convenient  than  others  for 
armies  on  the  march.  This,  surely,  is  to  con- 
tradict history  !  From  Hannibal's  time  onwards 
the  passes  of  the  Western  Alps  which  have  been 
traversed  by  armies — I  do  not  speak  here  of  small 
detachments,  or  bands  of  fugitives — have  been 
the  passes  over  which  the  carriage  roads  of  the 
eighteenth  and  nineteenth  centuries  were  subse- 
quently constructed.  It  is  across  them  that 
Roman  and  mediaeval  and  modern  armies  have 
marched,  princes  ridden,  and  pilgrims  plodded. 
The  Roman  passes — the  Comiche  Road,  the  Col  de 


94  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

I'Argentiere,  the  Mont  Genevre,  the  Mont  Cenis, 
and  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  reappear  as  the  Passes 
of  Brockedon's  volumes.  In  selecting  and  improv- 
ing the  gaps  in  the  chain  that  are  both  the  lowest 
and  the  most  accessible  from  the  neighbouring 
valleys  the  Romans  showed  their  usual  practical 
capacity,  and  modern  roadmakers  have  had  suf- 
ficient common-sense  to  follow  in  their  footsteps. 

Before  parting  with  Professor  Wilkmson,  I 
would  again  put  to  him  this  final  inquiry.  He 
agrees  that  Varro's  route,  '  Juxta  mare  per 
Ligures,'  is  identical  with  the  coast-road — the 
Corniche.  Can  he  suggest  any  new  representative 
of  the  Graian  pass  in  place  of  the  Little  St. 
Bernard  ?  Does  he  agree  with  the  Master  of 
Balliol  in  accepting  the  Mont  Genevre  as  Pompey's 
Pass  ?  If,  as  must  seem  to  most  critics  who 
know  the  Alps,  these  identifications  of  three  out 
of  the  five  passes  in  the  catalogue  quoted  from 
Varro  are  indisputable,  can  he  supply  any  plausible 
ground  for  rejecting  the  surely  obvious  and  almost 
inevitable  inference  that  the  two  intermediate 
passes  are  referred  to  in  their  proper  topographical 
order,  going  from  south  to  north  ?  This  is  a 
point  on  which  no  adequate  explanation  has 
hitherto  been  offered  by  any  of  the  writers  who, 
miable  to  discredit  the  passage  in  question,  are 
yet  loth  to  give  to  it  its  due  weight. 

I  trust  I  have  made  it  clear  that  Commandant 
Colin' s  and  Professor  Wilkinson's  case  rests,  by 
their  own  frank  avowal,  on  their  identification  of 
Fourques,  near  Aries,  as  the  passage.  '  Pour 
nous,'  writes  the  Commandant,  '  tout  le  probleme 
est  la,'  and  he  adds ;    '  c'est  sur  ce  point  que  les 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS      95 

erreurs  les  plus  graves  ont  ete  commises  et  avec 
line  unanimite  presque  complete.'  ^ 

I  am  afraid  I  must  continue  to  walk  in  the  paths 
of  error  with  the  blind  but  enormous  majority. 

For  I  lay  down  this  last  essay  to  solve  the 
ancient  riddle  wholly  unconvinced.  The  speeches 
put  in  the  mouths  of  great  men  by  classical  writers 
seem  to  me  to  be  at  best  but  unstable  keystones 
to  build  round ;  the  shifting  of  the  Island  strikes 
me  as  a  desperate  expedient ;  while  the  march  of 
Francis  i.  across  the  Alps  from  Grenoble  to  Cuneo 
in  A.D.  1515  offers  in  too  many  respects  analogies 
to  that  of  Hannibal  to  be  hghtly  disregarded. 

But  while  insisting  on  the  weaknesses,  I  appreci- 
ate, I  hope,  fairly,  the  strong  points,  both  positive 
and  negative,  of  those  who  are  partisans  of  the 
Clapier  and  opponents  of  the  Mont  Genevre  or  Vars- 
Argentiere  routes.  They  are,  I  think,  entitled  to 
urge  that  Polybius  uses  expressions  which  may  be 
taken  to  suggest,  if  they  do  not  positively  assert, 
that  he  himself  had  crossed  the  actual  pass  used  by 
Hannibal,  and  to  ask  if  in  this  case  he  would  have 
quoted  Hannibal  as  pointing  out  the  plains  of  the 
Po,  when  he  must  have  known  that  they  were  in- 
visible ?  I  dare  not  go  as  far  as  ]\lr.  Marindin,  when 
he  writes,  '  No  reasonable  man  will  trouble  himself 
about  the  view  from  the  top.'  I  can  conceive  a 
reasonable  man  falling  into  a  mood  so  devoid  of 
picturesque  imagination,  or  of  the  appreciation  of  it 
in  others,  as  to  make  him  join  in  the  demand  for  such 
a  view.     My  opponents  may,  I  think,  legitimately 

^  It  must  be  borne  in  mind  that  Colonel  Perrin,  Lieutenant  Azan, 
and  M.  Ferrand,  (Commandant  Colin'a  comrades  in  upholding  the  claims 
of  the  Col  du  Clapier,  do  not  agree  with  his  theory  as  to  the  Passage 
of  the  Rhone. 


96  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

go  on  to  suggest  that  the  snow  conditions  found  at 
or  near  the  broken  road  indicate  that  the  incidents 
connected  with  them  occurred  at  a  level  higher 
than  that  of  the  Barricades.  They  may  urge 
the  stronger  claims  of  some  other  and  loftier 
defile.  They  may  make  the  most  of  the  dis- 
crepancies and  the  difficulties  that  undoubtedly 
occur  in  dealing  with  Livy's  narrative.  They 
have  a  case  which,  boldly  urged,  is,  I  admit,  super- 
ficially plausible,  so  long  as  the  other  side  is  not 
heard.  But  the  question  is  :  have  they  a  case 
which  can  prevail  in  the  court  of  any  competent 
and  unbiased  judge?  I  do  not  for  a  moment 
expect  to  convince  critics  who  have  already  com- 
mitted themselves  to  an  opinion.  But  it  seems 
to  me  worth  while  to  point  out  to  the  public  and 
to  students  who  are  not  Alpine  travellers,  or  as 
yet  sworn  to  any  particular  theory,  the  weakness 
of  many  of  the  buttresses  which  have  been  piled 
up  to  support  what,  to  one  who  knows  the 
Western  Alps,  seems  an  incredible  hjrpothesis. 

The  Col  du  Clapier  has,  it  is  true,  made  of  late 
some  distinguished  converts.  The  view  of  the 
three  French  officers  Perrin,  Azan,  and  Colin  has 
the  support  of  M.  Ferrand  in  their  own  country, 
and  of  Professor  Spenser  Wilkinson  in  ours.  But 
I  must  continue  to  direct  my  efforts  to  '  under- 
mine the  credibility  '  of  a  belief  according  to  which 
the  best  guides  that  the  mountain  tribes  could 
provide  deliberately  selected  for  Hannibal's  army 
one  of  the  loftiest  and,  on  the  Italian  side,  the 
steepest  and  least  practicable  of  the  bypasses  of 
the  Western  Alps,  and  that  at  a  time  of  year  when 
winter  was  already  settling  on  the  heights,  and 


MONT  CENTS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS     97 

despite  the  fact  that  two  passes  respectively 
1000  and  1200  feet  lower,  and  far  easier,  lay  close 
at  hand.  That  the  African  host  was  further  in- 
duced to  make  an  excursion  on  one  of  the  few 
glaciers  that  can  be  found  near  the  watershed 
between  the  Maritime  Alps  and  the  Mont  Cenis 
adds,  to  my  mind,  a  finishing  touch  to  this  strange 
paradox.  I  agree  with  Mr.  Coolidge  and  Mr.  W. 
T.  Arnold  that  the  claims  of  the  Col  du  Clapier 
'  cannot  be  considered  as  serious.' 

Converts  to  a  definite  theory  on  the  pass  of 
Hannibal  are,  as  any  one  who  has  studied  the 
literature  of  the  subject  must  realise,  apt  soon  to 
become  bigots.  Let  me  pause,  therefore,  and 
define  my  own  point  of  view  lest  I  too  fall  under 
the  same  condemnation.  The  Little  St.  Bernard, 
I  hold,  may  be  put  out  of  the  question ;  the 
Durance  passes — the  Mont  Genevre  and  the  Col 
de  I'Argentiere  —  attract  my  sympathy.  But 
the  final  discovery  has  not  yet  been  made  and 
verified.  M.  Ferrand  suggests  that  some  mi- 
employed  millionaire,  or  society  of  antiquaries, 
should  take  to  spade-work  and  dig  about  the 
Cottian  Passes,^  or  drain  the  lakes  on  their  sum- 
mits. The  suggestion  is  a  fascinating  one  to  the 
Treasurer  of  our  Roman  Society  !  For  until  a  suit 
of  Punic  armour  or  an  elephant's  skeleton  has  been 
brought  to  light  the  Alpine  adventures  of  Hannibal 
must,  I  fear,  continue,  as  in  Juvenal's  days,  to 
interest  boys  and  perplex  schoolmasters.  Mark 
Twain's  summary  of  the  ancient  argument  has 

^  Any  enthusiasts  who  are  prepared  to  undertake  the  task  may  be 
glad  to  know  that  there  is  a  '  Club  hut '  below  the  glacier  on  the  Touilles 
route.  As  the  keys  are  kept  at  Susa,  the  passing  traveller  coming  from 
Savoy  does  not  easily  profit  by  it. 

G 


98  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

lost  none  of  its  pungency.  '  The  researches  of 
many  antiquarians  have  already  thrown  much 
darkness  on  the  subject,  and  it  is  probable,  if 
they  continue,  that  we  shall  soon  know  nothing 
at  all.' 

After  carefully  considering  all  these  fresh  con- 
tributions, I  still  hold  that  as  between  the  Mont 
Genevre  and  the  Col  de  I'Argentiere,  the  evidence, 
setting  aside  Pompey  and  Varro,  is  very  closely 
balanced,  but  that  the  scale  inclines  in  favour  of 
the  southern  pass.  If  we  admit  the  passage  from 
Varro,  and  assume  that  his  catalogue  gives  the 
passes  in  geographical  order,  the  question  is,  of 
course,  solved  in  favour  of  a  Durance  pass,  other 
than  the  Mont  Genevre.  Yet,  while  I  protest 
with  a  most  positive  conviction  against  all  the 
northern  passes,  I  cannot  work  myself  into  an 
absolute  belief  in  the  Argentiere.  My  mind  is 
still  open  to  consider  any  plausible  substitute 
south  of  the  Mont  Genevre. 

Before  laying  down  my  pen,  let  me  indicate  in 
a  few  final  sentences  the  probable  outline  of  the 
story  of  the  Durance  passes  as  it  has  presented 
itself  to  me  in  the  course  of  this  inquiry. 

The  Keltic  hordes  poured  down  through  Gaul 
till  they  came  to  lands  already  occupied  and  ill- 
suited  for  pasture.^  The  fame  of  Italy  led  many 
of  their  tribes  up  the  valley  of  the  Durance. 
When  they  reached  its  angle,  they  held  straight 
on  over  the  broad  downs  of  the  Col  du  Vars  and 
up  to  the  gentle  crest  of  the  Argentiere.  For 
centuries  this  remamed — it  remains  to  this  day — 
a  natural  and  frequented  highway  for  the  people 

^  See  Livy,  lib.  v.  c.  34. 


MONT  CENIS  AND  ITS  VARIANTS     99 

on  either  side  of  the  chain.  Then  the  Romans, 
masters  of  the  valley  of  the  Po,  approached  the 
eastern  base  of  the  Alps,  and,  no  longer  content 
with  sailing  oversea,  sought  a  highway  to  the 
Province  and  Spain.  The  broad  trench  from 
which  the  Dora  Riparia  issues — next  to  Monte 
Viso  the  most  conspicuous  physical  fact  in  the 
view  from  Turin — led  their  generals  on  to  the  dis- 
covery of  the  Mont  Genevre  and,  when  they  wanted 
to  go  north — to  Gallia,  and  not  to  Hispania  or 
the  Provincia — of  the  Mont  Cenis.  It  is  curious 
how  many  writers  on  the  ancient  passes  seem  to 
overlook  the  fact  that  a  traveller,  or  an  army, 
aiming  at  Lyons,  and  one  making  for  Aries,  will 
naturally  take  different  routes  through  the  Alps. 
It  was  the  annexation  of  Gaul  that  gave  a  reason 
for  the  Mont  Cenis.  It  was  the  subjugation  of 
the  Salassi  that  displaced  it  in  favour  of  the  Little 
St.  Bernard.  The  Argentiere  lost  much  of  its 
importance  after  the  opening  of  the  Mont  Genevre, 
as  the  Monte  Moro  and  Gries  and  the  Great  St. 
Bernard  lost  their  importance  by  the  construction 
of  the  Simplon  road.  In  modern  history  it  flashed 
out  again  into  temporary  notice,  and  then  its 
very  existence  was  ignored  by  the  dryasdusts 
who  construct  orography  in  their  cupboards. 
Yet  military  engineers  are  still  alive  to  its  im- 
portance, and  every  year  hundreds  of  sturdy 
Piedmontese,  descendants  of  the  old  Ligurian 
stock,  pour  backwards  and  forwards  over  it  on 
their  way  to  and  from  their  winter  work  in  the 
cities  of  Provence. 


APPENDIX    I 

Francis  the  First's  Passage  of  the  Col  de  l'Argentiere 

The  view  here  put  forward  that  Hannibal  crossed  the  Col 
de  l'Argentiere  may  be  illustrated  by  reference  to  the  story 
of  a  later  invader  of  Italy,  who  met  on  this  pass  with  adven- 
tures afiEording  in  many  respects  a  singularly  exact  parallel 
to  those  of  the  Carthaginian  commander. 

In  the  absence  of  the  original  authorities,  the  general  reader 
may  obtain  from  Murray's  Handbook,  or  Brockedon's  Passes 
of  the  Alps,  the  main  facts  as  regards  the  passage  of  the  Alps  by 
Francis  the  First  in  a.d.  1515  before  the  battle  of  Marignano. 
He  may  seek  further  details  from  Sismondi  or  Michelet.  But 
he  will  do  so  at  his  peril.  Sismondi,  as  Brockedon  has 
pointed  out,  goes  hopelessly  astray  in  his  local  geography, 
while  Michelet  indulges  his  talent  for  the  picturesque  vsdth 
even  more  than  his  usual  freedom.  The  following  passage 
may  be  taken  as  a  specimen. 

This  is  the  introduction  to  his  description  of  Francis  the 
First's  passage  of  the  Alps  : 

'  Le  vieux  Trivulce  se  mit  k  courir  les  Alpes,  et  trouva  cet 
affreux  passage  entre  les  glaces  et  les  abimes — sauvages 
gorges  ou  nul  marchand,  nul  colporteur,  nul  contrebandier 
n'avait  imprime  ses  pas.  La  virginite  de  leurs  neiges  n'etait 
effleuree,  depuis  la  creation,  que  par  I'enfant  de  la  montagne, 
le  craintif  et  ruse  chamois,  et  parfois  aussi,  peut-etre,  par 
I'intrepide  folic  du  chasseur  que  la  passion  entraine  apres  lui 
aux  corniches  etroites  des  gouSres.' 

Some  virriters  assume  Trivulzio  to  have  led  the  body  of 
cavalry  that  crossed  the  Col  dell'  Agnello.  This,  however,  is 
not  borne  out  by  the  contemporary  authorities  I  have  con- 
sulted. He  was  not  with  the  advance  guard  that  captured 
Prosper  Colonna.     See  Paulus  Jovius. 

100 


APPENDIX  101 

From  such  of  these  authorities  as  are  accessible  to  the  student 
I  make  some  selections  here.  The  first  will  be  a  letter  written 
from  the  village  of  St.  Paul,  below  the  Col  de  Vars,  by  Francis 
the  First  to  his  mother — Louise  de  Savoie.  It  is  printed  in 
Rochas  d'Aiglun's  Les  Bourcei  et  leur  role  dans  les  guerres 
alpines  (privately  printed,  Paris,  1895).  I  reprint  it  here 
from  a  copy  kindly  furnished  me  by  M.  Ferrand  : 

'  Madame  sens  (ce)  quy  me  gardera  de  vous  fere  plus  longue 
lettre  sera  que  je  monte  a  set  eure  a  cheval  pour  la  grant 
trete  qu'avouns  a  fere  pour  parfere  le  demeurant  de  la  joumee, 
vous  asseurant  que  nous  sommes  dedans  le  plus  estrange  paj^s 
ou  James  feut  home  de  sete  conpagnye.  Mes  demayn  espere 
destre  en  la  plene  de  pyemont  avesque  la  bande  que  je  mene  ; 
(ce)  quy  nous  fera  grand  plesyr ;  car  il  nous  fache  fort  de 
porter  les  armes  parmy  ses  montagnes,  pour  ce  que,  la  plus 
part  du  tamps,  nous  faut  estre  appie  et  mener  nos  sevos 
(chevaux)  par  la  bryde,  de  quoy  le  grand  mestre  est  byen  marri, 
Et  croy  quy  n'oret  veu  seus  (ce)  que  voyons  seroyt  impossyble 
de  croyre  mener  gens  de  seval  (cheval)  et  grosse  artyllerye 
come  fesons,  Et  croyez,  Madame,  que  ce  n'est  sans  pene,  car 
ey  ne  fouse  aryve,  noustre  artyllerye  grousse  foust  demouree  ; 
mes,  Diou  mercy,  je  la  mene  avesque  moy  ou  bientoust  apres. 

Je  ne  vous  mande  ryen  de  la  defete  qu'a  fete  le  mar^chal 
de  Chabannes  et  de  la  prise  de  Prosper  Coulone,  ny  ossy 
I'evenement  du  syege  de  Sylles,  remettant  tout  sur  le  grand 
mestre,  vous  avysant  que  fesons  bon  guet,  quar  ne  sommes 
qu'a  synq  ou  sy  yeus  (six  heues)  petites  des  Souyses  (Suisses) ; 
et  seur  ce  poynt  vous  va  dyre  bonso}^. — Votre  tres-humble 
et  obeyssant  fils  Franco ys.' 

Aymar  de  Rivail,  who  wrote  in  1535,  confirms  this  state- 
ment :  '  Per  collem  Argentariam,  Rupem  Scissam  (The 
Barricades),  Brezieram  (Bersezio),  Intermontium  (Demonte), 
et  Cuneum  in  Itaham  Franciscus  cum  equitatiis  mole  et 
tormentis  pervenit.'  * 

I  cannot  find  what  is  the  authority  for  the  statement  in 
Rochas  d'Aiglun's  text  that  Francis  sent  his  heavy  artillery 

*  De  Allobrogihue,  I.  ix.  (Lyons,  1844),  octavo.  See  Les  Sources  dc 
VHistoire  de  France,  X  VI.  Siecle,  par  M.  Hauser.  Paris,  H.  Picard  et 
Fils.  1906. 


102  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

(or  any  part  of  it)  over  the  much  higher  Col  dell'  Agnello.  But 
I  presume  it  is  on  the  strength  of  this  passage  that  Professor 
Wilkinson  has  questioned  my  statement  as  to  the  pass  over 
which  the  large  cannons  were  taken,  Paulus  Jovius  on  this 
point  seems  to  support  the  natural  conclusion  I  draw  from  the 
King's  letter,  that  he  had  his  guns  with  him.  He  describes 
the  bypasses  in  the  neighbourhood  as  '  pedestria  concisaque 
itinera,  quae  nisi  magno  labore  atque  periculo  patefieri  non 
possent.'  And  as  to  the  Col  dell'  Agnello  and  its  passage,  he 
writes  :  '  unum  expeditum  agmen  per  Agnelli  collem,  impru- 
dente  vel  conjuvente  Joachimo,  angustiarum  custode,  supra 
Cunium  oppidum  processerat.'  Note  that  it  was  an  expedi- 
tum agmen — a  Hghtly  equipped  detachment — and  it  is  referred 
to  later  on  as  cavalry.^ 

Further  details  as  to  the  incidents  of  the  march  may  be 
gleaned  from  one  Pasquier  le  Moyne,  a  rhyming  chronicler, 
who  expatiates  on  the  ruggedness  of  the  country  and  the 
narrowness  of  the  paths  : 

'  Les  lieux  ^talent  si  etroits 
Qu'on  n'y  passait  ni  deux  ui  trois 
A  la  fois,  mais  un  seulement 
Apres  I'autre  tout  bellement.'  ^ 

He  tells  us  that  while  waiting  for  the  Pas  de  la  Reyssole  to  be 
made  practicable  Francis  gave  a  great  supper  to  his  captains 
at  St.  Paul. 

Then  we  have  Paulus  Jovius.  In  the  fifteenth  chapter  of  the 
Historia  sui  Temporis,  pubHshed  in  1533,  he  gives  a  brief 
sketch  of  the  Western  Alps  :  '  Coctiis  Argentariae  Alpes 
junguntur  apud  antiquos  parum  celebratae  quod  propter 
angustias  et  frequentes  viarum  asperitates  sarcinariis  jumentis, 
ne  dum  curribus,  vix  pateant.  Argentariis  vulgo  in  Pro- 
vinciam  transmittunt  qui  per  Avennionem  atque  Narbonam  in 
Hispanias  proficiscuntur .^     (The  itahcs  are  mine.) 

He  goes  on  to  give  the  following  account  of  Francis  the 
First's  passage  of  the  Col  de  I'Argentiere  : 

In  August  1515  the  King  set  out  from  Grenoble  to  pass  the 
Alps,   with   an   '  incredible  number '   of  carriages,   powder- 

^  Geographical  Journal,  vol.  xxxvii.  No.  6,  p.  672. 
*  Pasquier  le  Moyne,  Le  couronnement  du  Roi  Frangoia :  Voyage  et 
Conqueste  de  la  Duche  de  Millan.     Paris,  1520. 


APPENDIX  103 

waggons,  and  72  large  cannons  and  300  small  pieces,  drawn 
by  5000  horses.  The  issues  of  the  Mont  Cenis  and  the  Mont 
Genevre,  the  '  Cluse  '  or  defile  of  the  Dora  below  Susa,  the 
country  about  Turin,  were  in  the  hands  of  the  enemy.  An- 
other route  had  to  be  found.  That  up  the  valleys  of  the  Drac 
and  Durance  was  selected.  The  army  reached  Embrun 
without  difficulty  of  any  sort.  There  the  generals  reposed 
and  re  victualled  their  forces.  Then  they  set  out  with  five 
days'  food  for  the  passage  of  the  chain.  Their  route  led  them 
across  a  ford  of  the  Durance  to  Guillestre,  where  they  camped, 
and  over  the  Col  de  Vars  into  the  upper  valley  of  the  Ubaye. 
On  the  descent  they  encountered  the  Pas  de  la  Reysolle. 
Having,  by  means  of  blasting,  made  it  passable  for  cannon, 
they,  on  the  the  next  day,  crossed  the  Col  de  I'Argentiere.  In 
the  Pas  de  la  Reysolle  and  again  in  the  gorge  of  the  Barricades 
the  greatest  difficulties  had  to  be  overcome — guns  were  s\vung 
from  rock  to  rock  with  ropes  ;  but  on  the  third  day  from  the 
Barcelonnette  valley  the  whole  force  successfully  traversed  the 
latter  defile  and  issued  into  the  open  valley  of  the  Stura.^ 

Of  the  state  of  the  western  passes  of  the  Alps  at  the  begin- 
ning of  the  sixteenth  century  we  have  a  further  account  in  a 

*■  I  had  better  give  the  original  text  of  Jovius  : 

'  Ita  summo  regis  studio  quum  nihil  laboris  atque  periculi  milites 
recusarent,  a  Gratianopoli  Vigiliam  atque  inde  junctis  omnibus  copiia 
Muram,  et  recto  itinere  Eburodunum  exercitvis  ductus.  Eburudurio 
profecti  Borbonius  atque  Trivultius,  qui  primo  agmini  prseerant, 
quinque  dierum  commeatu  proviso,  ad  S.  Clementis  atque  Crispini 
Alpinos  vicos  contenderunt.  Inde  sub  Itevam  relicto  Genebra  monte, 
Druentiam  flunien  exercitus  vado  trajecit  :  positisque  ad  Gilestram 
castris  et  mox  Avaltio  monte  superato  ad  S.  Pauli  rupem  magno  la- 
bore  perventum.  Eam,  quod  abrupta  inaccessibilisque  erat,  incredibili 
celeritate  ferro  pandunt,  tormentaque  traducunt.  Sequent!  die  in 
Barcelloniam  vallem  descensum.  Ea  ingentibus  saxis  et  iniquissimis 
collibus  interpositis  impedita  magnam  rerum  desperationem  afferebat. 
Nam  ligonibus  dolabrisque  proscindere  saxeos  coiles,  exiequare  crepi- 
dines,  et,  quum  nullus  per  derupta  equorum  usus  foret,  subjectis  mili- 
tum  humeris  tormenta  transvehere  necesse  erat.  Interdum  ea  magnis 
funibus  ad  scopulos  et  stipites  arborum  circumductis  suspondebantur, 
et  versatilibus  machinis  ergatarum  et  trochlearum  artihcio  de  rupe 
ad  rupem,  intercedentibus  profundissimis  vallibus  cum  summa  admira- 
tione  totius  exercitus,  trahebantur.  Nonnullis  etiam  in  locis  nudarum 
rupium  latera,  ubi  via  deerat,  suppositis  tibicinibus  interjectisque  lon- 
guriis  muniebant,  et  insuper  injectis  stratisque  virgultorum  fascibus  ces- 
pitibus  ac  glebis  pensiles  vias  transeuntibus  curribus  parabant.  Ita  mira 
fabrorum  industria  et  singular!  militum  labore  in  Argentariam  vallem 
cuncta  exercitus  impedimenta  traduxerunt.  Sequent!  die  a  Larchia 
Ebergiaque  oppidis  in  Asturiae  vallem  universum  agmen  se  demisit. 


104  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

rare  tract  by  one  Jacques  Signot,  first  printed  in  a.d.  1507, 
and  several  times  reissued  up  to  1518.  A  copy  of  the  1518 
edition  is  in  the  British  Museum  Library.^ 

It  may  be  worth  while  to  analyse  briefly  his  text,  which  has 
some  bearing  on  our  argument,  both  in  its  mention  of  the 
Argentiere  and  in  its  omissions. 

Signot  deals  only  with  the  passes  leading  from  Gaul,  or 
France,  to  Italy,  that  is,  from  the  frontier  of  Allemagne  to  the 
river  Var,  '  Et  tous  les  passaiges  dessus  ditz  commencent  des 
la  frontiere  d' Allemagne  et  durent  jusque  a  la  mer  Ligustique 
.  .  .  et  n'y  plus  d'aultres  passaiges,'  he  writes. 

Signot,  it  is  clear,  draws  the  frontier  of  Allemagne  close  to  the 
Great  St.  Bernard,  that  is,  at  the  western  hmits  of  the  bishopric 
of  Sion.  It  is  near  the  linguistic  frontier.  We  may  compare 
Leonardo  da  Vinci's  statement  that  the  Monboso  he  climbed, 
now  generally  identified  with  one  of  the  southern  spurs  of 
Monte  Rosa,  above  Val  Sesia,  still  known  as  Monte  Bo  or 
Boso,  was  on  the  borders  of  Allemagne. 

From  Savoy  Signot  mentions  three  passes.  The  first  is 
the  Great  St.  Bernard ;  the  second,  the  Little  St.  Bernard. 
He  describes  the  defile  of  Fort  Bard,  which  he  believes  Hannibal 
opened,  the  inscription  long  supposed  to  record  his  passage,^ 
and  the  Roman  bridge  at  Pont  St.  Martin. 

Signot' s  third  pass  is  the  Mont  Cenis  (Mont  Senys),  over 
which  he  tells  us  Charles  the  Great  went  on  his  way  to  Rome 
in  773.  (See  as  to  Charles  and  the  Mont  Cenis  Mr.  Coohdge's 
essay,  English  Historical  Review,  July  1896.) 

The  remaining  seven  routes,  he  tells  us,  all  traverse 
Dauphine,  the  Saluzzese,  or  Provence.  The  Mont  Genevre, 
he  says,  'est  le  meilleur  et  le  plus  aise  passaige  mesmement 

ubi  Pedeporcium  montem,  qui  mediam  vallem  intersecabat  et  iter 
reddebat  iniquissimum,  pari  munitorum  artificio  fractis  atque  revulsis 
inimanibus  petris  domuerunt  et  exsequarunt.  Ab  Pedeporcio  Avennam 
atque  inde  Sambucum  et  mox  ad  Italiae  fauces  tribus  tantum  diebus 
eo  itinere  consumptis  incolumis  exercitus  pervenit.' 

*  Siguot  Jacques :  La  totale  et  vraye  description  de  tous  les  passaiges 
.  .  .  des  parties  de  Gaules  es  parties  d'Ytalie  et  signamment  par  oii  pas- 
serent  Hannibal  .  .  .  Charles  viii.,  Louis  xii.,  rran9ois,  etc.  .  .  .  Paris, 
1507  and  1515.  See  Les  Sources  de  VHistoire  de  France,  XVI.  Siecle, 
par  H.  Havard.  Paris,  A.  Picard  et  Fils,  1906.  Reprinted  Ann.  de  la 
SociM  des  Touristes  du  Dauphind,  vol.  x.  1884. 

^  See  as  to  the  inscription,  Vaccarone,  Le  Vie  delle  Alpi  Occidentali, 
p.  60.     Turin,  1884. 


APPENDIX  105 

pour  la  conduite  de  Tartillerie.  Et  de  tous  les  aultres  n'y  a 
celui  par  lequel  on  la  peust  faire  passer  fors  cellement  par 
icelluy  passaige.' 

Signot  mentions  three  ways  to  Brian9on :  (a)  by  the  Col 
de  la  Croix  Haute,  where  one  passes  by  the  '  Mont  de  la  Croix 
Haute.'  This  is  the  famous  '  Mont  Inaccessible,'  first  cUmbed 
in  A.D.  1492  (see  the  Alpine  Guide,  vol.  i.  p.  178)  ;  (6)  by  La 
Mure,  Corps,  and  St.  Bonnet,  and  over  the  Col  de  Manse  to 
La  Batie  Neuve,  or  another  parallel  pass  he  calls  the  Col  de 
Chauvet  (Col  Bayard  ?)  to  Gap ;  (c)  the  third  is  the  Col  du 
Lautaret,  but  is  '  fort  difficile.'  Signot  repeats  the  popular 
saying  ('  les  bonnes  gens  de  pais  desine  ')  that  the  Dora  and 
Durance  both  spring  from  fountains  on  the  top  of  the  Mont 
Genevre. 

The  descent  from  the  Mont  Grenevre  to  Susa  is  described, 
and  also  the  alternative  way  into  Italy  by  the  '  Val  de 
Peroux,'  that  is  over  the  Col  de  Sestrieres.  This  is  counted 
as  the  fifth  pass. 

The  two  passages  of  Charles  vin.  are  mentioned  at  some 
length.  In  both  the  Susa  route  was  preferred.  I  may  point 
out  a  noteworthy  point  in  connection  with  our  present  contro- 
versy. Signot  mentions  a  number  of  variants  in  the  approaches 
to  the  Mont  Genevre  ;  he  gives  various  routes  across  the  Alps 
from  Val  de  Queyras.  But  when  deahng  with  the  Mont  Cenis 
we  find  no  mention  whatever  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis,  or  the 
Clapier,  which  its  advocates  tell  us  was  a  frequented  track 
at  this  date. 

For  the  sixth  pass  Signot  starts  from  Guillestre  and  goes  up 
the  Val  de  QuejTas,  through  the  gorge  '  where  there  are  fifteen 
bridges  in  five  leagues.'  At  Chateau  QuejTas  two  tracks  part — 
one  goes  by  St.  Veran  and  over  the  Col  dell'  Agnello  to  Chateau 
Dauphin,  and  so  by  the  Val  Varaita,  or  Val  Maira,  into  the 
Saluzzese  and  Italy.  It  would  seem  that  the  mention  of  St. 
Veran  is  a  sHp,  as  that  glen  does  not  lead  to  the  Col  dell' 
Agnello,  but  to  the  Col  Blanchet  and  Col  de  St.  Veran.  {Alpine 
Guide,  vol.  i.  pp.  50-1.) 

Signot  alludes  to,  but  does  not  reckon  among  his  ten 
l^asses,  the  Col  de  la  Croix  from  Abries  to  Val  PelUce. 

His  seventh  pass,  which  hes  north  of  the  fifth  and  sixth,  is  the 
famous  Pertuis  du  Viso,  or  Col  de  la  Traversette,  the  tunnel 


106  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

through  which  was  pierced  in  1480  by  the  Marquis  of  Saluzzo, 
with  the  pecuniary  aid  of  Louis  xi.  {Alpine  Guide,  vol.  i. 
p.  68,  and  Signor  Vaccarone's  Pertuis  du  Viso,  Turin,  1881.) 

The  eighth  pass  is  the  Vars-Argentiere  route,  by  which 
Demonte  is  reached,  and  an  entrance  to  Piedmont.  Here 
travellers  bound  for  the  Riviera  of  Genoa  turn  to  the  right 
by  Cuneo,  Ceva,  and  Savona,  that  is,  over  the  Col  d'Altare. 

The  ninth  pass  is  the  coast  road  from  Nice.  Signot  asserts 
that  at  Turbia  Julius  (sic)  Caesar  built  not  only  the  Trophy, 
but  a  triumphal  arch  on  his  return  from  the  conquest  of  Great 
Britain ! 

The  tenth  pass  is  the  Col  di  Tenda. 

Signot's  work  with  the  map  found  in  some  of  the  editions 
is  reproduced  in  the  Annuuire  de  la  Societe  des  Touristes  du 
Dauphine,  vol.  x.     Grenoble,  1884. 

In  an  article  in  the  monthly  magazine  of  the  ItaUan  Alpine 
Club  1  Dr.  F.  Mader  informs  us  that  the  first  mention  in  post- 
classical  hterature  of  the  Col  de  I'Argentiere  is  found  in  a 
Provengal  poem,  '  La  vida  de  St.  Honorat,'  by  Raymond 
Ferant,  completed  in  its  present  form  about  a.d.  1300,  but 
revised  from  a  text  about  a  century  older.  It  relates  how 
St.  Honorat,  oddly  described  as  the  son  of  a  pagan  king  of 
Hungary  (he  was,  in  fact,  bom  in  a  noble  family  of  Lorraine 
in  the  fifth  century),  was  converted,  and  from  VerceUi  fled 
over  our  pass  and  past  the  Lac  de  la  Madeleine  to  the  Isles 
de  Lerins.     The  approach  to  the  lake  is  thus  described  : 

'  Per  un  cendier  estrech 
E  reguardan  al  puez  a  som  d'una  niontayna 
El  Mont  de  I'Argentiera  en  la  forest  estrayna.' 

The3^  chmbed  '  by  a  narrow  path  and  gazed  on  a  lake  on 
the  summit  of  a  mountain,  the  Mountain  of  Argentiera,  in 
the  wild  forest.' 

Gioffredo  "^  relates  that  Charles  Emmanuel  i.  of  Savoy  in 
1590  described  the  lake  in  a  letter  to  his  wife  as  one  of  the 
most  charming,  and  the  mountain  as  one  of  the  most  beauti- 
ful, he  had  seen  :  a  very  surprising  sentiment  for  the  date ! 

^  '  Appunti  Storici   su  alcuni   passi  delle  Alpi   Marittime,'   Dr.   F. 
Mader.     Rivista  M ensile  del  CI.  Alp.  Ital.,  vol.  xxxii.  No.  7. 
*  Storia  delle  Alpi  Marittime,  Turin,  1839. 


APPENDIX    II 

M.  CHAPPtns'  Theory 

One  more  theory  remains  to  be  noticed,  that  of  M.  Chappuis. 
This  writer  is  original  only  in  the  choice  of  his  pass,  following 
for  the  rest  the  hne  of  the  Marquis  de  St.  Simon  and  a  ^vrite^ 
generally  referred  to  as  '  The  Cambridge  Anonjonous  of  1830.' 
M.  Chappuis  set  forth  his  views  at  length  in  a  report  addressed 
to  the  Minister  of  Pubhc  Instruction,  and  pubhshed  in  the 
Revue  des  Societes  Savantes  des  Departements,  2nd  series,  vol.  iv. 
(1860).^  The  text  from  Varro,  which  M.  Chappuis  treats 
almost  as  his  own  discovery,  forms  the  basis  of  the  argument. 
WTiile  adopting  the  same  general  direction  for  Hannibal's 
passage  through  the  Alps,  he  differs  from  me  both  as  to  the 
hne  of  march  and  the  point  of  passage  of  the  watershed.  His 
pamphlet  is  long,  and  I  can  refer  only  to  a  few  saUent  points. 
The  supposed  difficult}^  about  the  Tricastini  is  got  over  by 
making  Hannibal  turn  to  the  left  into  their  country  before  reach- 
ing the  Confluence.  From  Grenoble  the  Carthaginian  army  is  led 
by  a  more  westerly  road  to  the  Col  de  la  Croix  Haute,  reach- 
ing the  First  Alps  at  Lalley.  This  is  a  suggestion  possibly  de- 
serving consideration,  which,  however,  to  be  thorough,  should 
be  made  with  exact  knowledge  of  the  traces  of  ancient  roads 
in  this  district.  In  his  further  progress  we  find  M.  Chappuis 
taking  strange  hberties.  He  takes  Hannibal  not  over  the 
Col  de  Vars,  but  up  the  lower  gorges  of  the  Ubaye.  In  order 
to  reconcile  Livy's  statement  that  the  Carthaginian  army 
met  -with  no  difficulties  until  after  it  had  crossed  the  Durance, 
he  postpones  the  first  battle,  placing  it  at  Le  Lauzet.  To 
make  this  theory  plausible,  he  is  forced  to  treat  the  fifteen  days 
assigned  by  Polybius  for  the  passage  of  the  Alps  as  covering 

^  M.  Chappuis  has  also  written  other  works :  Etude  Archeologique  et 
Geographique  sur  la  Valli'e  de  Barcelonnette  a  Vepoque  Celtique  (Besan^on 
1862)  ;  Examen  Critique  de  V opinion  de  CcbHus  Antipater  sur  le  passage 
d'Annibal  dans  les  Alpes,  Paris,  1864 ;  and  Sentences  de  M.  Terentius 
Varro,  1856. 

107 


108  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

only  a  portion  of  the  1200  stadia,  which,  according  to  the  same 
authority,  was  the  length  of  the  passage,  ignoring  the  fact 
that  Polybius  has  fixed  the  number  of  days  each  section  of  the 
march  took  as  precisely  as  he  has  the  distances,  and  that  there 
is  no  room  for  an  interpolation  between  the  ten  days  of  the 
800  stades  and  the  fifteen  of  the  1200. 

Having  got  Hannibal  on  so  far  to  begin  with,  M.  Chappuis 
is  naturally  embarrassed  to  find  employment  for  him  in  the  days 
that  follow.  He  reduces  his  marching  pace  to  11  m.p.  a  day. 
But  even  at  this  rate  he  gets  too  quickly  to  the  watershed. 
So  the  poor  elephants  have  to  tramp  on  past  the  valley  of  the 
Ubayette  and  the  low  gap  of  the  Col  de  I'Argentiere  in  search 
of  the  sources  of  the  Ubaye  and  an  obscure  pass  of  over  9000 
feet,  apparently  now  impracticable  for  mules,  known  as  the 
Col  de  Roure.  Having  crossed  this,  they  are  made  to  reach 
Val  Vraita  by  a  second  high  pass.  Like  most  Itahan  valleys, 
Val  Vraita  has  its  gorge,  and  M.  Chappuis  discovers  a  path  by 
which  Hannibal  may  try  to  avoid  it.  Why  the  great  general 
neglected  a  low  and  easy  pass  for  a  high  and  difficult  one,  how 
his  army  managed  late  in  autumn  to  spend  three  nights  at 
such  a  height,  are  considerations  which  do  not  seem  to  have 
troubled  our  author  any  more  than  they  did  the  Marquis  de 
St.  Simon. 

To  adopt  a  homely  proverb,  M.  Chappuis  seems  to  me  to 
'  have  got  hold  of  the  right  end  of  the  stick,'  but  not  to  have 
known  how  to  handle  it.  He  fails  to  make  allowance  either  for 
the  formidable  aspect  the  Alps  wore  two  thousand  years  ago  to 
a  host  of  Africans,  compared  to  that  which  they  wear  to  us  to- 
day, or  for  the  further  enhancement  of  the  actual  terrors  of 
the  passage  in  the  course  of  literary  description.  Instead  of 
being  satisfied  by  a  broad  general  resemblance  between  the 
narrative  and  the  features  of  the  country,  he  tries  to  reaUse 
and  localise  each  sentence  of  Livy.  Consequently,  in  his 
search  for  adequate  difficulties,  he  selects  a  pass  which  he  him- 
self tells  us  seems  impossible  unless  allowance  is  made  for 
changes  in  the  ground  having  made  it  less  practicable.* 

^  '  Je  dois  dire  que  ce  passage  du  Col  de  Roure  au  Vallon  du  Lautaret 
est  un  passage  difificile,  et  qu'on  se  refusera  tout  d'abord  a  admettre  que 
Tarmee  d'Annibal  ait  pu  le  franchir,  si  Ton  n'a  pas  v6cu  au  milieu  des 
montagnes  et  etudi6  les  prodigieux  changements  que  les  habitants 
eignalent  de  toutes  parts.' 


APPENDIX  109 

Add  to  this  that  he  seems  to  be  drawn  by  local  interest  to 
endeavour  to  concentrate  as  many  incidents  of  the  campaign 
as  possible,  or  even  more  than  is  possible,  in  the  valley  of  the 
Ubaye. 

At  the  same  time  M.  Chappuis  deserves  credit  for  having 
been  the  first  French  writer  to  recognise  the  full  weight  of 
Varro's  statement,  and  for  having  brought  out  forcibly  some 
interesting  illustrations  of  the  classical  texts.  He  shows,  for 
instance,  how  the  roads  from  Grenoble  to  the  first  pass  (which- 
ever it  was)  he,  not  through  an  arid  wilderness,  but  a  rich  tract 
of  vineyards,  and  how  the  scenery  suddenly  becomes  stem  and 
sterile  as  the  basin  of  the  Durance  is  approached,  and  he 
states  with  local  knowledge  that  Livy's  description  is  exactly 
apphcable  to  the  upper  Durance,  a  fact  which  my  own  experi- 
ence fully  corroborates. 


APPENDIX    III 

The  Roman  Pass  from  Susa  to  the  Maueienne 

In  order  not  to  interrupt  the  main  argument,  I  have  reserved 
for  a  separate  note  my  reasons  for  citing  the  Mont  Cenis  among 
classical  passes,  and  for  identifying  it  with  the  fourth  pass  of 
Varro,  assumptions  for  which,  though  the  former  had  previ- 
ously been  made  by  so  respectable  an  authority  as  Cluverius, 
I  have,  doubtless,  been  taken  to  task  in  the  minds  of  some 
readers. 

Many  recent  authors  have  held  that  the  Mont  Cenis  was 
unknown  to  the  ancients.  The  grounds  assigned  for  this 
behef  are  the  absence  of  any  explicit  reference  to  the  pass  by 
name  in  classical  authors,  the  fact  of  its  not  being  noted  in 
such  of  the  classical  itineraries  as  have  survived  to  our  days, 
and  the  lack  of  Roman  milestones  in  the  Maurienne.  The  pass, 
it  has  been  asserted,  first  appears  in  history  in  a.d.  754,  as  the 
Mons  Cinesius  of  Pepin. 

Yet,  if  there  is  a  want  of  direct  proof  of  a  Roman  road  on 
the  pass  itself,  there  is,  in  my  opinion,  a  more  than  sufiicient 
amount  of  circumstantial  evidence  that  the  valleys  of  the 
Dora  Riparia  and  the  Arc  were  already  in  Roman  times 
connected  by  a  frequented  route.  If  this  fact  can  be  estab- 
hshed,  it  seems  to  me  highly  improbable  that  the  Roman 
and  mediaeval  tracks  crossed  the  chain  at  widely  different 
points.  But  should  any  one  take  a  different  view,  I  am  not 
disposed  to  argue  a  detail  which  is  for  my  purpose  imma- 
terial. If  the  existence  of  a  Roman  pass  from  Italy  into  the 
Maurienne  is  granted,  I  shall  be  content  to  leave  partisans  of 
'  Cols '  varying  from  500  to  4000  feet  higher  than  the  Mont 
Cenis  to  prove  their  case  as  best  they  can. 

As  I  have  already  admitted,  although  Roman  remains  have 
recently  been  found  at  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne,  no  conclusive 
no 


APPENDIX  111 

piece  of  local  evidence,  such  as  a  milestone,  has  yet  been 
produced  for  the  Mont  Cenis,  Mr.  Ellis,^  it  is  true,  quotes 
Grillet,  who,  in  his  Didionnaire  des  Dipartements  du  Mont 
Blanc  et  Leman,  speaks  of  a  paved  Roman  road  as  still  trace- 
able on  the  pass  in  1807.  Grillet's  evidence  is  so  far  good 
that  the  fact  he  reported  went  against  his  own  prepossessions, 
founded  on  the  silence  of  the  itineraries.  But  on  the  other 
hand,  his  statement  remains,  to  the  present  day,  isolated  and 
unverified  by  Mr.  EUis  or  others.  The  presumption  therefore 
must  be  held  to  be  against  it,  until,  as  is  very  desirable,  some 
antiquarian  possessed  of  the  common  sense  ^  and  technical 
knowledge  necessary  to  distinguish  between  Roman  and 
mediaeval  road-work  has  examined  carefully  the  remains  of 
the  old  paved  tracks  in  this  region.  Even,  however,  if  such 
an  examination  does  not  lead  to  any  discovery,  there  will  be 
no  ground  for  concluding  that  the  pass  was  not  in  use  in  Roman 
times.  For  of  other  Roman  roads  in  the  Alps  no  local  record, 
or  only  such  a  record  as  might  easily  have  perished,  remains. 
Etymologists  offer  us  their  aid  in  a  series  of  derivations  on 
which  it  is  difficult,  perhaps,  for  any  one  but  an  etymologist 
to  lean  with  any  confidence.  They  derive  Venaus  from 
Venatio  ;  from  the  Latin  verb  ferre,  the  name  of  the  village 
Ferriera,  where  at  the  foot  of  the  steep  ascent  from  Italy 
burdens  were  transferred  from  carriages  to  men's  or  mules' 
backs.  The  name  occurs  frequently  elsewhere  in  the  Alps, 
e.g.  on  the  route  of  the  Col  de  I'Argentiere  near  the  Barricades, 
and  might  more  naturally  be  coimected  with  ferrum  and  iron 
mines.  The  roadside  inns  on  the  top  of  the  pass  are  known 
as  Le  Tavernette  (Tabemae).  In  Lanslebourg  we  are  told 
to  recognise  Lancium,  in  Thermignon  Interamnes,  in  Modane 
Ad  Mutationem. 

^  On  the  Ancient  Routes  between  Italy  and  Gaul.     Robert  Ellis,  1867. 

2  The  mention  of  this  qualification  will  not  seem  superfluous  to 
those  versed  in  Hannibalian  literature.  Witness  the  following  extract. 
I  purposely  suppress  the  author's  name  :  '  Les  traces  du  camp  y 
sont  visibles  ;  on  y  retrouve  meme  le  lieu  oil  furent  places  les  elephants, 
la  disposition  singuliere  et  la  dimension  des  levees  de  terre  ne  per- 
mettant  que  cette  explication  ;  les  silos  pour  le  grain  a  la  mode  arabe, 
les  abris  creuses  dans  le  sol  pour  se  defendre  de  la  bise,  enfin  le  fameux 
rocher  qu'Annibal  fit  eclater  par  le  feu  et  deblayer  avec  Vaceto,  le  pic 
piemontain,'  etc.,  etc.  One  is  at  a  loss  whether  most  to  admire  the 
ingenuity  of  a  discoverer  who  outdoes  Schliemann  in  his  identifica- 
tions, or  the  acutenesa  by  which  the  vinegar  is  turned  into  a  pickaxe  ! 


112  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

I  turn  from  local  to  literary  records.  We  have  Caesar's 
own  statement  ^  that  on  the  occasion  of  his  sudden  visit  to 
Italy  to  fetch  reinforcements  against  the  Helvetii,  he  recrossed 
the  Alps  with  his  legions,  'qua  proximum  iter  in  GaUiam 
Ulteriorem  erat,'  by  the  shortest  road — not,  observe,  to  the 
Province,  which  he  mentions  in  the  next  sentence,  but  to 
Further  Gaul.  Again  he  tells  us  that  he  touched  the  terri- 
tory of  the  Vocontii — so  that  he  must  have  passed  near 
Grenoble — and  crossed  that  of  the  Allobroges,  probably  by 
the  road  which  avoided  Vienne,  mentioned  by  Tacitus  {Hist., 
ii.  66).  His  object  was  to  overtake  the  Helvetii  on  their  west- 
ward march  before  they  could  cross  the  Saone  ;  he  made 
accordingly  for  the  country  of  the  Segusiani  ('  in  quorum 
agro  colonia  Lugdunum,'  Pliny,  iv.  18),  probably  for  the  best 
bridge  of  the  Rhone  above  its  confluence  with  the  Saone. 
We  have  Cicero's  authority  that  the  entire  distance  from 
Rome  to  the  district  of  the  Segusiani  was  700  m.p. 

What  are  the  distances  by  the  various  passes  leading  by 
the  Vocontian  frontier  to  Lugdunum  ? 

Mont  Genevre  and  Gap  ....  758  m.p. 

Mont  Genevre  and  Col  du  Lautaret  .  704  m.p. 

MontCenis 730  m.p. 

Mont  Cenis  and  Col  de  la  Coche        .  .  705  m.p. 

We  have  no  proof  that  either  of  these  short  cuts,  the  Col  du 
Lautaret  or  the  Col  de  la  Coche,  was  known  to  the  Romans 
at  this  date.  In  later  times  the  Lautaret  was  crossed  by  a 
Roman  road.  On  the  Col  de  la  Coche  we  are  assured  by  local 
writers  there  are  also  traces  of  a  Roman  road,  and  M.  Pilot 
(in  his  Histoire  de  Grenoble,  p.  7)  tells  us  that  popular  tradition 
associates  it  with  Caesar.^ 

The  appeal  to  distance  can  hardly  be  held  satisfactory  as 
between  the  last  three  routes.     But  it  is  at  least  conclusive 

^  Caesar's  Commentaries,  book  i.  ch.  x.  Compare  Napoleon  i.'s  La 
Route  la  plus  courte.  On  this  ground  alone,  declining  to  consider  any 
literary  evidence,  Napoleon  pronounced  oflf-hand  that  Hannibal 
must  have  crossed  the  Mont  Cenis.  Much  more  would  he  have  assigned 
this  pass  to  Caesar,  whose  very  words  he  unconsciously  translated. 

*  See  J^tude  de  I  Ancienne  Voie  Romaine  de  VOisans  et  de  ses  Annexes, 
par  J.  H.  R.  Grenoble,  1878.  The  author,  a  medical  man,  shows 
intimate  local  knowledge,  and  discriminates,  apparently  with  authority, 
between  Roman  and  mediaeval  work. 


x^PPENDIX  113 

against  the  first,  that  by  the  Mont  Genevre  and  Gap,  which 
Mr.  Froude  adopted  with  the  remarkable  expression,  '  Caesar 
returned  by  the  shortest  route,  over  the  Mont  Genevre.'  * 
For  though  the  Mont  Genevre  may  have  been  '  opportunius  ' 
for  Pompey  when  he  was  on  his  way  to  Spain,  it  does  not  in 
the  least  follow,  as  some  have  hastily  assumed,  that  it  was  so 
for  Caesar,  marching  in  an  opposite  direction. 

We  must  look  at  the  further  indications  of  his  hne  of  march 
given  us  by  Caesar  in  the  names  of  the  tribes  he  encountered 
or  through  whose  territory  he  passed.  Among  the  mountains 
he  was  harassed  by  the  Caturiges,  Graioceh,  and  Centrones. 
Now,  though  the  best  kno\\Ti  branch  of  the  Caturiges  Hved  near 
the  modern  to-mi  of  Chorges,  on  the  Durance,  another  portion 
of  the  tribe,  according  to  Strabo,  was  found  between  the  Saiassi 
and  the  Centrones.  The  Graioceli  Uved  in  the  Maurienne,  the 
Centrones  in  the  Tarentaise,^  and  no  mention  has  ever  been 
found  of  portions  of  either  tribe  farther  south. 

On  the  Mont  Genevre  and  Gap  route  Caesar  would  have  met 
the  southern  Caturiges  ;  on  the  Mont  Cenis,  the  Graioceh  and 
Centrones,  and  probably  the  northern  Caturiges.  Therefore, 
so  far  as  the  tribes  serve  us,  the  balance  incUnes  strongly  to 
the  Mont  Cenis. 

For  I  can  see  no  sufi&cient  ground  for  the  assumption  of 
some  critics  that  there  could  not  be  Caturiges  in  two  places, 
and  that  therefore  the  ancient  geographers  who  mention 
Northern  Caturiges  are  ^^^:ong.  There  is  good  reason  to 
beheve  that  in  the  Alps  tribes  bearing  the  same  name,  and 
probably  branches  of  an  original  stock,  were  found  widely 
separated.  It  is  difficult  to  see  on  what  grounds  writers  have 
argued  as  if  in  Gaul  members  of  the  same  tribe  never  parted 
company,  or  at  any  rate  never  did  so  without  assuming  a  new 
name.  The  Alps  in  Roman  times  were  very  much  in  the 
condition  the  Caucasus  is  in  now  ;  and  in  the  Caucasus  frag- 
ments of  the  same  tribe  bearing  the  same  name  are  found 

^  Map-makers  are  very  pliant  !  Mr.  Froude's  map-maker  got  rid 
of  the  inconvenient  Centrones  and  Graioceli,  erased  the  Arc,  and  piled 
a  mountain  range  across  its  bed.  But  he  almost  clears  himself  of  any 
suspicion  of  having  done  this  with  an  object,  for  he  heis  made  the  hills 
behind  Gap  the  main  chain  of  the  Alps  !     See  Life  of  Julius  Caesar. 

*  The  Maurienne  was  known  as  '  Garocelia  '  (Oehlmann,  Die  Alpen- 
pdsse  im  Mittelalter) ;  St.  Jean,  as  Sanctus  Joannes  Garocellius  (Grillet). 

H 


114  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

at  some  distance  from  one  another.  But  without  going  so 
far,  our  own  country  supphes  a  good  example  of  scattered 
tribes.  There  were  Belgae,  Parisii,  and  Atrebates  in  Britain, 
as  well  as  in  Gaul ;  Damnonii  in  Scotland,  as  well  as  Devon, 
Cornabii  and  Cornavii,  Cantae  and  Cantii,  in  England  and 
Scotland,  Brigantes  both  in  Ireland  and  England. 

For  references  and  a  full  discussion  of  this  march  I  must 
refer  readers  to  Ellis,  On  the  Ancient  Routes  between  Italy 
and  Gaul.  Though  I  cannot  accept  all  IVIr.  EUis's  arguments, 
I  agree  with  him  that  Caesar  crossed  the  Mont  Cenis.  I  come 
to  this  conclusion  on  the  following  grounds  :  first,  because 
the  Mont  Cenis  is  the  shortest  and  best  route  from  Italy  to 
GaUia  Ulterior,  and  Caesar  was  a  hkely  man  to  discover  it ; 
secondly,  because  the  indications  of  his  route  given  by  Caesar 
fit  the  Mont  Cenis  better  than  the  Mont  Genevre.^ 

Critics  have  rehed  on  a  passage  in  Ammianus  Marcelhnus  ^ 
as  evidence  on  the  one  hand  that  the  Mont  Cenis  was  an  ancient 
pass,  on  the  other  that  there  was  no  pass  across  the  Alps  from 
Susa  except  the  Mont  Genevre.  Gibbon  found  in  the  text 
a  '  clear,  livety,  and  accurate '  description  of  the  Mont  Cenis  ; 
Law  is  equaUj'  positive  that  the  description  apphes  admirably 
to  the  Mont  Genevre.  To  me  it  seems  obvious  that  either  the 
author  or  his  text  has  fallen  into  confusion.  The  passage 
reads  Uke  a  description  of  two  passes  mixed  up  together. 
Possibly  some  sentences  have  been  lost  before  '  a  summitate.' 
\Miatever  maj'^  have  been  the  real  intention  of  the  "waiter 
om'  other  information  renders  it  impossible  to  infer  from  this 
passage  that  the  Mont  Genevre  was  the  only  pass  known  to 
the  Romans  in  this  district.  We  are  clearly  told  that  Cottius 
opened  several  routes.^ 

^  Polyaenus,  a  writer  of  the  second  century,  in  his  Stratagems  of  War 
furnislies  some  picturesque  details  as  to  Caesar's  encounter  with  tlie 
mountain  tribes.  Noticing  that  the  mists  generally  lay  along  the 
valleys  in  the  early  part  of  the  day,  Caesar  profited  by  them  to  make 
unobserved  a  flank  march,  which  brought  his  legions  to  a  position 
above  and  commanding  that  of  the  enemy.  The  tribes  finding  their 
retreat  threatened,  fled  incontinently,  like  Afghans,  to  their  homes. 

2  Book  XIII.  ch.  X. 

^  The  inscribed  vases  discovered  in  the  lake  of  Bracciano  sliow  that 
a  second  pass  to  the  sources  of  the  Durance  was  in  use  under  the 
empire.  Desjardins,  Gaule  Romaine,  vol.  i.  p.  94.  Desjardins'  identi- 
fication of  the  second  pass  is  contested  by  a  recent  writer,  M. 
Vallentin,  Les  Alpea  Cottiennes  et  Grates  :    Oeographie  Gallo-Romaine. 


APPENDIX  115 

The  argument  from  the  silence  of  the  Itineraries  may  be 
broken  dowTi  by  the  instance  of  the  Col  de  I'Argentiere  and 
other  passes,  the  roads  over  which,  though  unnoticed  in  these 
documents,  are  proved  to  have  existed  by  local  monuments. 
Many  of  the  pages  devoted  to  elaborate  discussions  of  the 
road-map  named  after  Peutinger  have  been  wasted.  For  the 
writers  assume  as  a  basis  for  their  argument  that  it  is  an 
exhaustive  table,  whereas — in  the  words  of  the  late  Sir  E. 
Bunbury — it  is  a  valuable  but  incomplete  document.  When 
we  find  many  Alpine  roads  and  passes  used  by  the  Romans 
in  the  Central  Alps  omitted  in  it,  it  becomes  mere  loss  of  time 
to  argue  on  the  supposition  that  in  the  Western  Alps  such 
omissions  are  impossible,  or  even  improbable. 

There  seems  to  be  no  evidence  to  show  that  Constantine, 
A.D.  312,  crossed  the  Mont  Cenis,  as  Gibbon  beheved,  rather 
than  the  Mont  Genevre.  But  we  have  the  clearest  proof 
possible  of  the  importance  of  the  Maurienne,  and  of  its  close 
and  intimate  connection  with  the  Cisalpine  province,  and 
particularly  with  Susa.  We  find  that,  from  the  earliest  times 
of  the  Christian  Empire,  the  Mauriemie  was  not  only  ecclesi- 
astically, but  pohtically,  attached  to  Turin. ^  It  was  not  till 
the  sixth  century  (562)  that  a  new  diocese  of  St.  Jean  de 
Maurienne  was  created,  and  in  a.d.  596  the  Pope  complains 
on  behalf  of  the  Bishop  of  Turin  that  the  latter  has  thereby 
been  defrauded  of  his  dues.^  The  remonstrance  seems  to  have 
been  \\ithout  result,  and  Susa  also  fell  under  the  control  of 
the  new  See.  We  find  the  clergy  of  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne  and 
Susa  meeting  under  the  authority  of  Abbo,  the  governor,  to 

Neither  author  has  been  led  by  the  name  Turio,  found  in  the  list  of 
stations,  to  identify  the  pass  with  the  neighbouring  Col  des  Tures, 
described  at  the  beginning  of  the  century  as  practicable  for  light 
artillery. 

1  •  La  Geographie  ecclesiastique  d'un  pays  est,  a  tres  peu  de  chose 
pres,  la  geographie  de  ce  memo  pays  a  I'epoque  romaine.  Le 
tableau  des  eveches,  archeveches,  est  celui  des  civitates  antiques 
selon  leurs  liens  de  subordination.'  Renan,  Marc-Aurele,  p.  412  ; 
see  also  Freeman's  Historical  Geography.  The  Maurienne  in  a.d.  72G 
was  a  pagus  or  division  of  the  district  of  Susa.  The  privilegium  of 
that  date,  by  which  Abbo,  Governor  of  Susa,  gave  the  Alpe^  in  Cenisio 
to  the  monastery  of  Novalesa,  has  been  preserved.  Vaccarone, 
Vie  delle  Alpi,  etc. 

-  See  Gallia  Christiana,  vol.  xv.  The  authors  give  reasons  for 
abandoning  the  claims  to  a  higher  antiquity  for  the  diocese,  founded 
on  the  appearance  of  a  Maurian  or  Marian  bishop  at  Rome  in  a.d.  337. 


116  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

found  the  great  monastery  of  Novalesa  in  a.d.  726.  And  yet 
we  have  been  asked  to  beheve  that  these  prelates  and  their 
flocks  had  not  discovered  the  Mont  Cenis  or  any  other  direct 
route  between  their  homes  ! 

Proof  is  here  afforded  that  the  Mont  Cenis  was  in  common 
use  from  the  introduction  of  Christianity.  Can  there  be  any- 
one who  will  still  maintain  that  from  the  time  of  Caesar  the 
Mont  Cenis  alone  of  all  the  great  GalUc  passes  was  unknown 
to  the  Romans  ;  that  the  citizens  of  Susa  never  employed 
their  eyes  to  discover  this  conspicuous  gap  in  the  alpine  chain  ; 
that  it  was  never  brought  under  their  notice  by  cowherds  or 
native  travellers  ;  that  for  generation  after  generation  the 
legions  garrisoned  and  adorned  the  town  without  ascertaining 
that  one  of  the  easiest  passes  across  the  alpine  watershed  lay 
within  a  morning's  walk  of  their  quarters  ?  Surely  a  proposi- 
tion so  opposed  to  all  we  know  of  Roman  character  and  enter- 
prise ought  only  to  require  to  be  stated  in  order  to  be  dismissed. 
In  Carlovingian  times,  the  importance  of  the  Mont  Cenis 
was  fully  recognised.  Pepin  crossed  it  four  times  ;  Charles 
the  Great  at  least  once,  and  probably  more  often  ;  Charles 
the  Bald  died  in  the  Maurienne. 

We  learn  from  one  charter  that  in  a.d.  825  a  hospice  belong- 
ing to  the  monks  of  Novalesa  had  already  been  estabUshed  on 
the  top  of  the  pass.  In  another  charter,  the  copy  of  which  in 
evidence  is  dated  (for  774  ?)  874,  Charles  the  Great  is  made  to 
confirm  and  enlarge  the  grants  of  his  predecessors  to  the 
monastery,  bestowing  on  it  '  totam  Novahciensem  vallem  et 
stratum.'  This  document,  however,  has  been  suspected  on 
other  grounds  besides  the  date  to  be  a  forgery  ;  at  any  rate 
it  is  an  early  forgery,  and  the  expression  I  have  quoted  from 
it  deserves  notice. 

I  may  add  that  in  the  Middle  Ages  the  Mont  Cenis  was  known 
as  the  Strata  Romana.  That  it  should  have  acquired  this 
name — as  Simler  suggests — because  it  was  the  principal 
pilgrim's  road  to  Rome  is,  of  course,  possible.  But  the  use 
of  the  word  strata,  the  origin  of  our  own  '  streets,'  and  gener- 
ally a  token  of  a  paved  Roman  way,  points  rather  to  the  deri- 
vation of  this  distinguishing  title  from  an  old  Roman  road, 
the  stratum  of  Carlovingian  charters. 

To  sum  up  the  preceding  argument,  I  maintain  that,  in  the 


APPENDIX  117 

absence  of  direct  evidence  to  the  contrary,  there  is  a  strong 
presumption  that  a  pass  so  obvious  as  the  Mont  Cenis  was 
used  by  the  Romans  from  the  time  they  held  the  country  on 
both  sides  of  it.  I  have  further  endeavoured  to  show  that 
Caesar's  summary  of  his  forced  march  is  best  reconcilable 
with  his  having  crossed  the  Mont  Cenis  ;  and  I  have  proved 
that  the  use  of  the  pass  can  be  carried  back  with  certainty 
bej^ond  the  sixth  century,  since  the  close  connection  already 
existing  between  Susa  and  the  Maurienne  at  that  date  is  only 
explicable  on  the  supposition  that  they  had  long  before  been 
united  by  a  direct  and  frequented  high-road. 


APPENDIX    IV 

Mr.  Maeindin  on  Fuchs  and  Osiander 

I  MAY  be  thought  to  have  unduly  neglected  works  to  which 
much  importance  has  been  attached  by  some  critics  abroad, 
Fuchs's  HannihaVs  Alpeniihergang, Vienna,,  1897,  and  Osiander's 
Der  Hannibalweg,  Berhn,  1890. 

They  do  not  appear  to  me  to  add  materially  to  the  argu- 
ments with  respect  to  the  Mont  Genevre  and  Mont  Cenis.  I 
may  cite  in  support  of  this  view  some  sentences  from  the 
discussion  of  these  treatises  by  Mr.  Marindin  in  The  Classical 
Review.  Mr.  Marindin,  who  writes  with  authority  on  matters 
of  scholarship,  sweeps  aside  as  untenable  many  of  the  nice 
verbal  distinctions  insisted  on  by  the  German  writers.  Of 
Osiander  he  writes  : 

'  This  is  a  treatise  full  of  industry  and  abundant  in  citation 
of  authorities,  but  it  adds  nothing  of  any  importance  to  the 
controversy,  and  it  is  to  be  feared  only  tends  to  obscure  the 
issue.  There  is  in  the  whole  book  a  want  of  logical  argument 
and  a  failure  to  appreciate  the  real  value  of  whatever  evidence 
is  brought  forward  at  each  step.' 

'  Professor  Osiander  deserves  all  credit  for  the  industry  and 
research  of  his  treatise,  and  it  is  all  the  more  to  be  regretted 
that  he  leaves  the  controversy  just  where  he  found  it.  He 
has  neither  strengthened  the  case  of  the  Mont  Cenis  nor 
weakened  that  of  the  Mont  Genevre.' 

While  holding  that  'Dr.  Fuchs  (in  accepting  the  Mont 
Genevre)  comes  to  a  right  conclusion  in  the  end  on  the  main 
question,  and  that  many  of  his  arguments  are  true  and  valu- 
able,' Mr.  Marindin  strongly  condemns  his  verbal  criticisms. 
Dr.  Fuchs,  he  holds,  strains  the  Greek  language,  unduly 
magnifies  the  significance  of  certain  Greek  words,  and  mis- 
translates others. 


APPENDIX    V 

A  Short  Bibliography  of  Recent  Publications 

Arnold,  W.  T.,  The  Second  Punic  War.  Macmillan  &  Co.  :  London, 
1886.  This  work  is  thus  referred  to  by  Mr.  E.  S.  Shuckburgh  in  his 
translation  of  Polybius  (Macmillan,  1889)  :  '  I  have  no  intention  of  re- 
discussing  the  famous  question  of  the  Pass  by  which  Hannibal  crossed 
the  Alps.  The  reader  will  find  an  admirably  clear  statement  of  the 
various  views  entertained,  and  the  latest  arguments  advanced  in  favour 
of  each,  in  the  Notes  to  W.  T.  Arnold's  edition  of  Dr.  Arnold's  History 
of  the  Second  Punic  War.' 

Azan,  P.,  Annibal  dans  les  Al]}es.     Paris,  1902. 

Brockedon,  W.,  The  Passes  of  the  Alps.,  vol.  ii.  Murray  :  London 
1828-9. 

Capes,  Livy,  Books  xxi.,  xxii.     Macmillan  :  London,  1883. 

Chappuis,  C,  Bajiport  au  Ministre  de  I' Instruction  PuUique  sur  le 
passage  d' Annibal  dans  les  Alpes.  Paris,  1860.  Annihal  dans  les  Alpes. 
Fallier :  Grenoble,  1897. 

Colin,  J.,  Annibal  en  Gaule.     Paris,  1904. 

Coolidge,  W,  A.  B.,  Rivista  del  Club  Alp.  Italiano,  xxx.  6. 

Dodge,  T.  A.  Hannibal,  2  vols.  Houghton,  Mifflin  &  Co.  :  New 
York  (no  date). 

Diibi,  Die  Bomerstrassen  in  den  Alpen.  Jahrbuch  des  Schweizer 
Alpenklub,  vols.  xix.  and  xx.     Dalp  :  Bern,  1884-5. 

Ferrand,  H.,  Recherches  du  Col  des  Alpes  franchi  par  Annibal, 
Casale,  1912.  Revue  des  Etudes  Anciennes,  vol.  x.  No.  1  ;  vol.  xiii. 
No.  3. 

Freshfield,  D.  W.,  '  The  Pass  of  Hannibal.'  Aljnne  Journal,  Nos.  82 
and  93.  Longmans,  1883  and  1886.  Proceedings  R.G.S.,  n.s.,  vol.  viii. ; 
Geographical  Journal,  vol.  xxxvii.  Nos.  4  and  6.     1911. 

Fuchs,  J.,  Hannibal's  Alpeniibergang.     Vienna,  1897. 

Hennebert,  Histoire  d'Hannibal.  Imprimerie  Nationale,  Paris,  1870 
and  1878. 

Heselmeyer,  E.,  Hannibal's  Alpeniibergang  irn  Lichte  der  neueren 
Kriegsgeschichte,  1906. 

Marindin,  G.  E.,  The  Classical  Revieiu,  vol.  xiii.  No.  5  ;  vol.  xiv. 
No.  5. 

119 


120  HANNIBAL  ONCE  MORE 

Neumann,  Das  Zeitalter  der  Punischen  Kriege.  Kobner  :  Breslau, 
1883. 

Oehlmann,  Die  AlpeniMsse  im  Mil  t  el  alter,  Jahrbuch  fur  Schweizerische 
Qeschichte,  vols,  iii.  and  iv.     Zurich,  1878  and  1879. 

Osiander,  W.,  Der  Hannibal weg.     Berlin,  1900. 

Perrin,  Marche  d'Annibal  des  Pyrenees  au  Po.     Paris,  1883. 

Schiller,  Ueber  den  Stand  der  Frage,  welchen  Alpenpass  Hannibal 
beniltzt  habe.     Berliner  Philologische  fVochenschrift,  vol.  iv.,  1884. 

Strachan-Davidson,  J.  L.,  Afpian,  Book  I.  The  Clarendon  Press, 
Oxford,  1902. 

Wilkinson,  S.,  Hannibal's  March  through  the  Alps.  The  Clarendon 
Press,  Oxford,  1911,  and  Geographical  Journal,  vol.  xxxvii..  No.  6. 

Vaccarone,  Le  Vie  delle  Alpi  Occidentali.  Candeletti :  Turin, 
1880. 

For  classical  references  see  Cluverius,  Italia  Antiqua,  c.  xxxiii. 

For  fuller  lists  of  older  works,  see  Fortia  d' Urban,  Dissertation 
sur  le  passage  du  Rhone  et  des  Alpes.  Paris,  1821.  (Brockedon's 
copy  is  in  the  E.G-.S.'s  library.)  For  a  list  of  more  recent  works, 
M.  Azan's  book  quoted  above.  Professor  Wilkinson  also  recommends 
'  a  full  account  of  the  literature  given  by  M.  Camille  JuUian  in  the  first 
volume  of  his  Histoire  de  la  Gaide.' 


Printed  by  T.  and  A.  Constable,  Printers  to  His  Majesty 
ftt  till'  Edinburgh  University  Press 


Telegrams  :  ^i  and  43  Maddox  Street, 

"  Scholarly,  Reg.  London."  g^^^  5^^^^^^  ^^^^^^^  ^ 

XT     '^oc^^'ilf  V-  February,  1914. 

No.   1883   Mayfair.  J-'     v  t 

Mr.   Edward  Arnold's 
SPRING 

ANNOUNCEMENTS,    1914. 


KULU  AND  LAHOUL. 

an  account  of  m^  Xatest  Climbina  ^ourne^s  in  tbe 

fbimala^a. 

By  LIEUT.-COL.  THE  HON.  C.  G.  BRUCE,  M.V.O. 

6th  Gurkha  Rifles;  Author  of  "Twenty  Years  in  the  Himalaya." 

With  Numerous  Illustyations  from  the  Author's  Photographs. 
One  Volume.     Demy  Svo.      12s.  6d.  net. 

It  has  been  said  that  no  one  can  ever  hope  to  know  more  than 
a  few  corners  of  the  Himalaya.  Yet  an  exception  must  surely  be 
made  in  favour  of  Colonel  Bruce.  Outside  Nepal  there  is  no 
considerable  section  of  the  range,  from  Sikkim  to  Chitral  and 
Hunza,  with  which  he  has  not  some  personal  acquaintance,  while 
of  Nepal  itself  he  knows  as  much  as  is  possible  for  a  European. 
This  has  been  shown  in  his  valuable  earlier  work,  "  Twenty 
Years  in  the  Himalaya,"  in  which  he  describes  his  varied  experi- 
ences as  a  mountaineer  and  an  officer  of  the  Gurkhas,  including 
ascents  in  the  company  of  Conway,  Mummery,  Longstaff,  and 
other  well-known  climbers. 

In  his  latest  expedition  Colonel  Bruce  filled  up  his  most  con- 
siderable outstanding  gap  by  a  thorough  exploration  of  the 
mountains  of  Kulu  and  Lahoul,  which  have  hitherto  been  neg- 
lected by  climbers.  The  country  visited  lies  nearly  due  north  of 
Simla,  in  the  centre  of  the  group  of  small  states  which  intervene 
between  Garhwal  and  Kashmir,  and  a  very  large  amount  of  most 
interesting  ground  was  covered  in  the  six  months  spent  there. 
The  record  is  not  a  mere  tale  of  mountaineering  achievement,  for 
the  author  treats  his  subject  lightly,  and  at  the  same  times  brings 
his  wide  knowledge  of  native  life  into  play  in  describing  the  history 
and  folklore  of  the  two  districts.  Mrs,  Bruce  contributes  a 
chapter  on  "  A  Lady's  Point  of  View." 

LONDON  :  EDWARD  ARNOLD,  41  &  ^  MADDOX  STREET,  W. 


2  My.  Edward  Arnold's  Spring  Announcements. 

A    CLIMBER    IN     NEW    ZEALAND. 

By  MALCOLM  ROSS,  A.C.,  F.R.G.S. 

With  numerous  beautiful  I llust rations.      Demy  8vo. 
Probable  price,   15s.  net. 

A  work  dealing  with  climbs  and  exploration  in  the  New 
Zealand  Alps.  As  one  of  the  founders  and  Vice-President  of  the 
New  Zealand  Alpine  Club,  and  editor  of  its  journal,  the  author  is 
well  qualified  to  write  on  the  subject  of  climbing  and  mountain 
exploration  in  his  native  land. 

The  charm  and  adventures  attendant  upon  exploration  in  the 
Alps  of  a  new  country  are  most  graphically  described.  Indeed, 
there  is  not  a  dull  page  in  the  whole  book,  while  some  of  the 
adventures  were  of  quite  a  thrilling  nature.  The  book  is  some- 
thing more  than  a  mere  record  of  ascents.  From  beginning  to 
end  it  has  quite  a  literary  flavour,  and  there  is,  also,  running 
through  its  pages  a  quaint  vein  of  humour  and  philosophy.  Such 
chapters  as  "  Above  the  Plains"  and  "  An  Interlude  "  will  appeal 
to  a  wide  circle  of  readers.  Mrs.  Malcolm  Ross,  a  well-known 
New  Zealand  authoress,  comes  into  the  book  a  good  deal,  and 
her  amusing  descriptions  of  camp  cookery  and  of  the  Kea,  or 
mountain  parrot,  add  to  the  interest  of  the  work  of  her  daring 
and  talented  husband.  The  author  has  illustrated  his  book  with 
some  very  excellent  and  artistic  pictures  from  his  own  photographs. 

HANNIBAL     ONCE     MORE. 

By  DOUGLAS  W.  FRESHFIELD,  M.A., 

Vice-President  of  the  Royal  Geographical  Society  ;  Treasurer  of  the   Hellenic 

AND  Roman  Societies;  formerly  President  of  the  Alpine  Club;  Author  of  "The 

Exploration  of  the  Caucasus,"  "Round  Kinchinjdnga,"  etc. 

Illustrated.     Svo.     5s.  net. 

In  this  little  volume  Mr.  Freshfield  has  put  into  final  shape 
the  results  of  his  study  of  the  famous  and  still-debated  question  : 
"  By  which  Pass  did  Hannibal  cross  the  Alps  ? "  The  literature 
which  has  grown  up  round  this  intricate  subject  is  surprisingly 
extensive,  and  various  solutions  have  been  propounded  and 
upheld,  with  remarkable  warmth  and  tenacity,  by  a  host  of 
scholars,  historians,  geographers,  military  men,  and  mountaineers. 
Mr.  Freshfield  has  a  solution  of  his  own,  which,  however,  he  puts 
forward  in  no  dogmatic  spirit,  but  in  such  a  fashion  that  his  book 
is  practically  a  lucid  review  of  the  whole  matter  in  each  of  its 
many  aspects.     To  an  extensive  acquaintance  with  ancient  and 


Mr.  Edward  Arnold's  Spring  Announcements.  3 

modern  geographical  literature  he  unites  a  wide  and  varied  ex- 
perience as  an  alpine  climber  and  a  traveller,  and  a  minute 
topographical  knowledge  of  the  regions  under  discussion  ;  and 
these  qualifications- — in  which  many  of  his  predecessors  in  the 
same  field  of  inquiry  have  been  conspicuously  lacking— enable  him 
to  throw  much  new  light  on  a  perennially  fascinating  problem. 


THE    LIFE    OF 
ADMIRAL    SIR    HARRY    RAWSON, 

G.C.B.,  G.C.M.G. 

By    LIEUT.    GEOFFREY    RAWSON,    R.I.M. 

With  Illustrations.     Demy  8vo.     12s.  6d.  net. 

This  book,  which  has  been  written  by  a  relative  of  the  late 
Admiral  Sir  Harry  Rawson,  gives  a  deeply  interesting  account 
of  the  Admiral's  long  and  varied  career  in  China,  the  Near  East, 
Africa  and  Australia. 

Entering  the  Navy  as  long  ago  as  1857,  when  the  sailing  ship 
still  held  the  seas,  Sir  Harry,  as  a  young  cadet,  thirteen  years  of 
age,  took  part  in  the  China  War  of  1858-60,  being  present  in  the 
Calcutta's  launch  at  the  capture  of  the  Taku  forts. 

In  1863,  when  only  nineteen  years  of  age,  he  held  Ning-po  for 
three  months  against  the  rebels,  with  1,300  Chinese  troops  under 
his  command.  He  served  for  two  commissions  as  Commander 
of  the  battleship  Hercules,  and  acted  as  Flag-captain  in  both  the 
Channel  and  Mediterranean  Squadrons. 

During  the  Egyptian  Campaign  of  1882,  he  acted  as  principal 
Transport  officer,  and  after  his  promotion  to  Flag  rank,  was 
appointed  Commander-in-Chief  on  the  Cape  Station,  1895-98. 
Whilst  holding  this  important  position,  he  landed  the  Naval 
Brigade  which  captured  Mweli,  the  stronghold  of  a  rebel  Arab 
chief;  part  of  his  squadron  bombarded  the  palace  at  Zanzibar; 
and,  in  1897,  ^^  commanded  the  famous  expedition  for  the  capture 
of  Benin,  which  was  successfully  accomplished. 

For  more  than  two  years  he  commanded  the  Channel  Squadron, 
and  the  work  contains  a  chapter  devoted  to  the  naval  manoeuvres 
of  1900. 

The  book  terminates  with  a  well-told  account  of  Sir  Harry's 
Governorship  of  New  South  Wales,  and  a  chapter  on  his  short- 
lived but  no  less  famous  brother.  Commander  Wyatt  Rawson, 
who  led  the  historic  night  march  over  the  desert  to  Tel-el-Kebir. 


4  Mr.  Edward  Arnold's  Spring  Announcements. 

RICHARD  CORFIELD  OF 
SOMALILAND. 

By  H.  F.  PREVOST-BATTERSBY, 

War  Correspondent  of  the  "Morning  Post"  in  South  Africa  and  Somalii.axd. 

Illustrated,     Demy  Svo. 

It  was  the  news  of  his  death  that  made  the  world  acquainted 
with  Corfield's  name,  but  everyone  Avho  had  served  with  him 
knew  him  as  a  man  of  extraordinary  charm,  with  some  secret 
source  of  power  which  had  an  amazing  influence  over  savage 
peoples,  and  regarded  a  notable  future  as  assured  to  him. 

He  had  gone  as  a  mere  boy  to  the  South  African  War,  serving 
afterwards  in  the  South  African  Constabulary.  He  had  just 
returned  home  on  leave  from  his  five  years'  service  when  he  was 
appointed  to  the  new  Tribal  Militia  being  raised  in  Somaliland. 
He  remained  there  till  the  country  was  evacuated,  and  the  militia 
disbanded,  in  1910,  acquiring  a  remarkable  reputation  for  hand- 
ling the  most  "  difficult  "  natives  in  Africa. 

He  was  at  once  transferred  to  Northern  Nigeria,  and  after  a 
year's  work,  signalized  by  striking  successes  with  the  pagan 
tribes,  was  specially  requisitioned  to  raise  and  command  a  force 
of  camelry,  to  which  the  governance  of  Somaliland  was  to  be 
entrusted.  In  nine  months  he  performed  miracles  in  a  country 
literally  reeking  with  blood,  100,000  of  the  inhabitants  having 
been  massacred  since  the  country  was  evacuated,  and  restored  in 
that  short  time  the  confidence  of  the  natives  in  the  honour  of  the 
British  Government. 

He  lost  his  life  in  a  gallant  attempt  to  check  a  Dervish  raid, 
which  was  spreading  fresh  ruin  over  the  country ;  but  those  who 
read  his  life  will  discover  that  his  action  touched  a  much  deeper 
issue  than  the  succour  of  a  starving  people.  He  died  for 
England's  old  ways  of  honour — for  the  keeping  of  faith  to  unfor- 
tunate dependents,  for  his  country's  good  name. 

TEACHING  FOR  LADS. 
3For  use  in  Bible  Glasses  ant)  Confirmation  Classes. 

By  the  REV.  PETER  GREEN,  M.A., 

Rector  of  St.  Philip's,  Salford,  and  Canon  of  Manchester; 
Adthor  of  "  How  to  Deal  with  Lads,"  "  How  to  Deal  with  Men." 

Crown  8vo.     2s.  6d.  net. 

This  book  is  intended  primarily  for  the  use  of  those  who  have 
to  give  instruction  to  boys  in    Sunday  Schools,    Church   Lads' 


Mr.  Edward  Arnold's  Spring  Announcements.  5 

Brigades'  Bible  Classes,  and  similar  institutions,  and  has  been 
written  in  response  to  many  and  constant  inquiries  from  people 
desirous  of  help  in  such  teaching.  The  course  of  teaching  out- 
lined is  based  upon  what  the  author  has  himself  used  with  his 
own  classes.  Canon  Green  has  the  exceptional  faculty  of  com- 
bining a  knowledge  of  philosophy  with  a  wide  experience  in 
actual  practice.  He  is  a  theorist  who  has  really  put  his  theories 
to  the  test.  In  his  two  previous  works  there  has  been  found  a 
freshness  about  his  whole  treatment  of  the  subject  that  is  most 
stimulating,  and  it  may  be  confidently  asserted  that  readers  of 
the  new  volume  will  derive  equal  pleasure  and  profit  from  its 
perusal. 

THE  ORIGIN  OF  ATTIC   COMEDY. 

By  F.  M.  CORNFORD, 

Fkllow  and  Lecturer  of  Trinity  Collkge,  Cambridge; 
Author  of  "From  Religion  to  Philosophy,"  "Thucydides  Mythistoricus,"  etc. 

One  Volume.     Demy  ^vo.     8s.  6d.  net. 

This  book  tries  to  show  that  the  peculiar  structure  and  features 
of  Aristophanic  Comedy  can  be  explained  by  an  hypothesis  like 
that  by  which  Professor  Gilbert  Murray  explains  the  form  of 
Greek  Tragedy.  A  detailed  examination  of  the  extant  plays 
brings  to  light,  under  all  their  variety,  a  plot-formula  composed 
of  a  regular  sequence  of  incidents :  Agon,  Sacrifice,  Feast, 
Marriage,  Komos.  The  theory  is  that  this  canonical  sequence 
presents  the  stereotyped  action  of  a  folk-drama  (like  the  English 
Mummer's  Play),  which  itself  preserves  the  outline  of  a  well- 
known  seasonal  ritual.  This  ritual  turns  out  to  be  substantially 
identical  with  that  which,  according  to  Professor  Murray,  lies 
behind  Tragedy.  The  stock  masks  in  the  Old  Comedy  are  shown 
to  be  the  essential  characters  in  the  supposed  folk-drama.  On 
this  view,  various  features  of  Aristophanic  Comedy,  such  as  the 
Agon  and  Parabasis,  about  which  widely  different  views  are  now 
held,  can  be  satisfactorily  explained.  It  follows  also  that  Aris- 
tophanic Comedy  is  not  a  patchwork  of  heterogeneous  elements, 
but  a  coherent  whole,  and  in  all  probability  a  native  growth  of 
Attic  soil.  Athenian  Comedy  and  Tragedy  have  a  common 
source  in  ritual  of  the  same  fundamental  type.  The  causes  of 
their  differentiation — a  problem  of  great  interest  in  the  history  of 
drama — are  treated  in  the  last  chapter. 

The  book  is  intended,  not  only  for  classical  scholars,  but  for  all 
readers  interested  in  the  origin  and  growth  of  the  drama.  Greek 
has  been  confined  to  the  footnotes,  and  a  synopsis  of  the  plots  of 
Aristophanes'  plays  has  been  added,  to  enable  the  ordinary  reader 
to  follow  the  argument. 


6  Mr.  Edward  Arnold's  Spring  Announcements 

THE  REVIVAL  OF  THE  RELIGIOUS 

LIFE. 

By  FATHER  PAUL  BULL, 

Of  the  House  of  the  Resurrection,  Mirfield. 

Cvown  8vo.     ^s.  6d.  net. 

The  purpose  of  the  author  of  this  volume  is  to  give  an  outline 
sketch  of  the  ideals  of  the  Religious  Life,  and  the  attempts  to 
realize  that  life  in  history,  and  to  trace  the  various  manifestations 
and  interpretations  of  the  ascetic  and  mystic  spirit  of  the  Gospel. 
Father  Bull  has  spent  twenty-two  years  of  his  life  in  trying  to 
realize  these  ideals,  and  feels  that  both  the  infinite  joy  of  the 
attempts  and  also  his  consciousness  of  abysmal  failure  may  have 
qualified  him  to  offer  an  opinion  on  the  glory  and  the  perils  of 
the  Religious  Life — the  word  "  Religious  "  being  here  used  in  its 
original  technical  sense  for  a  corporate  life  under  rule.  In  urging 
the  need  for  a  fuller  revival  of  the  Religious  Life  for  men  in  the 
English  Church,  the  author  deprecates  mere  imitation  of  what  has 
been  done  in  past  times  and  in  other  lands,  and  considers  it  im- 
portant to  accumulate  as  soon  as  possible  a  body  of  experience, 
to  discuss  principles  and  see  what  adaptations  of  these  principles 
are  necessary  to  meet  modern  conditions.  The  book  should 
prove  of  great  interest  and  utility  to  all  who  are  concerned  with 
the  relisfious  tendencies  of  our  times. 


ESSAYS    ON    FAITH   AND 
IMMORTALITY. 

By  GEORGE  TYRRELL. 

Arranged,  with  Introduction,  by  M.  D.  PETRE,  his 
Biographer. 

One   Volutne.     Crown  8vo.     5s.   net. 

This  volume  comprises,  for  the  most  part,  matter  hitherto  un- 
published which  existed  in  the  form  of  notes  and  essays  amongst 
the  MSS.  which  Father  Tyrrell  left  behind  him.  To  this  have 
been  added  a  few  articles  already  published,  either  in  England  or 
abroad,  in  various  periodicals,  but  which  are  not  now  easily 
obtainable,  and  which  possess  a  certain  importance.  One  of  these 
latter  essays,  in  particular,  has  attained  considerable  celebrity, 
and  is  yet  almost  unprocurable — namely,  the  one  entitled  "  A 


My.  Edward  Ar)wld's  Spring  Announcements.  7 

Perverted  Devotion,"  which  played  so  large  a  part  in  the  drama 
of  its  author's  life. 

The  essays  have  been  divided  into  two  parts,  of  which  the  first 
may  be  said  roughly  to  deal  with  problems  of  faith,  the  second 
with  the  ever-recurring  problem  and  mystery  of  personal  immor- 
tality. This  second  part  is  specially  characteristic  of  George 
Tyrrell's  mind,  with  its  spiritual  tact  and  delicate  power  of 
intuition.  Some  of  the  many  to  whom  this  question  is  the  ques- 
tion of  all  questions  will  find  in  these  essays,  not  a  scientific 
answer  to  their  difficulties,  but  illuminating  hints  and  suggestions 
to  help  them  in  their  own  search.  The  essays,  in  fact,  as  a 
whole,  are  not  definite  treatises,  but  the  musings  and  gropings  of 
a  deeply  spiritual  mind  in  its  quest  of  truth. 


NEW  NOVEL 
BARBARA    LYNN. 

By  EMILY  JENKINSON, 

Author  of  "  Silverwool,"  "The  Soul  of  Unrest,"  etc. 

Crown  d>vo.     6s. 

In  "  Barbara  Lynn  "  the  author  returns  to  the  English  Lake 
District — the  scene  of  her  novel  "  Silverwool  " ;  and  from  the  first 
page,  where  the  reader  is  taken  to  the  "  Lonely  Steading  in  the 
Dale,"  right  on  to  the  end,  he  is  not  only  surrounded  by  the 
mighty  hills  and  vast  solitudes  of  Nature,  but  made  to  feel  the 
pulse  of  romance  and  tragedy.  "  Barbara  Lynn  "  shows  a  distinct 
advance  in  the  work  of  this  gifted  young  writer.  The  style,  as  in 
her  earlier  books,  is  powerful,  individual,  lucid.  There  is  the 
same  love  of  wild  and  majestic  scenery,  and  power  to  convey 
impressions  of  it  to  others  ;  the  same  knowledge  of  human 
character  and  of  sympathy  with  country  folk,  and  capacity  to 
enter  into  their  lives  and  experiences.  But  with  these  gifts, 
which  have  already  given  distinction  to  Miss  Emily  Jenkinson's 
work,  we  hear  a  deeper  chord  struck  in  "  Barbara  Lynn."  It 
comes  out  especially  in  the  presentation  of  the  character  of  the 
girl  whose  name  gives  the  title  to  the  story.  Barbara  Lynn  is  a 
splendid  creature ;  and  the  picture  of  her  spiritual  victory,  her 
mysticism  and  self-sacrifice,  is  something  unique  in  current  works 
of  fiction.  In  our  judgment  this  is  a  book,  not  merely  to  delight 
readers  for  a  season,  but  to  remain  a  notable  contribution  to  our 
literature  for  a  long  time  to  come. 


8  Mr.  Edward  Arnold's  Spring  Announcements. 

Jmportant  Books  IRcccntl^  356uet). 

LORD   LYONS  :  A  Record  of  British  Diplomacy 

By  LORD  NEWTON.     2  vols.     30s.  net. 
"A  great  biography,    a  classical   record  of  the  career  of  one  of  the  greatest 
Ambassadors. " — Saturday  Review. 

Life  and  Letters  of  George  Villiers, 
FOURTH  EARL  OF  CLARENDON. 

By  Sir  HERBERT  MAXWELL,  Bart.     2  vols.     30S.  net. 
"  Not  since  Lord  Morley's  '  Life  of  Gladstone '  was  published  have  we  had  so  i 
tribution  as  this  book  to  the  history  of  the  Victorian  era." — Daily  Chronicle. 

PRIMATE  ALEXANDER:  Archbishop  of  Ar 

Edited  by  ELEANOR  ALEXANDER.     12s.  6d.  net. 

Third  1. 
"  A  book  that  is  most  likeable,  besides  having  a  great  charm  that  the  reader  wJ 
appreciate,  even  when  he  cannot  exactly  define  its  quality.' — Spectator. 

WILLIAM    AUGUSTUS,    DUKE    OF    CI 
LAND  :   His  Early  Life  and  Times,  1721-. 

By  the  Hon.  EVAN  CHARTERIS.     i2S.  6d.  net. 

"  Mr.  Charteris  has  the  gift  of  making  his  characters  live  ;  he  is  at  once  vivid  ai 
His  analysis  of  Cumberland's  military  campaigns  are  especially  lucid." — Daily  Mai 

A  CIVIL  SERVANT  IN  BURMA. 

By  Sir  HERBERT  T.  WHITE,  K.C.I. E.     12s.  6d.  net. 

"It  contains  some  of  the  best  descriptions  of  Burma  and  the  Burmese  people 
met." — Outlook. 

SPLENDID  FAILURES. 

By  HARRY  GRAHAM.      los.  6d.  net. 
"  'We  should  imagine  that  few,  even  among  well-read  men  and  women,  cc 
volume  without  learning  something  they  did  not  know  before." — Times. 

THIRTY  YEARS  IN  KASHMIR. 

By  ARTHUR  NEVE,  F.R.C.S.     With  Illustrations.     12s. 

"Another  of  the  splendid  contributions  to  geographical  and  ethnological  scie 
alone  missionary  endeavour  would  be  more  than  justified." — Outlook. 

SHAKESPEARE'S  STORIES. 

By  CONSTANCE  MAUD,  Author  of  "  Wagners  Heroes," 
MAUD.     Illustrated.     5s.  net. 

New  and  Revised  Edition. 

PAINTING  IN  THE  FAR  EAST. 

By  LAURENCE  BINYON.     With  40  Plates.     Crown  4to. 
LONDON  :  EDWARD  ARNOLD,  41  &  43  MADDOX  STR 


'5iT/  OF  CAl-IF     PNi'  N'l^ELES 


University  of  California  Libraiy 
Los  Angeles 

f^j£liisbook^  DUE  gndie  last  date  stamped  below. 


HB-R^rfiewals 
310/82^-9188 

RtC'U  LD-URl 


81' 


■^c^ 


3   1158  00415  4828 


tOS  A 

u! 


3H  SCHOO^ 


