THE  ROMANS  ON  THE  RIVIERA 


ALPE    SUM  MA 


'hUC     usque      ITALIA,     ABHINC      GALLIA' 


.-^->^J^ 


■  l*;i>vt^ 


WM 


\\? 


WM^^'^'^ 


i 


» 


^w„ 

^m:^^. 


'WHAT   ROMAN    STRrVGTH    TURBIA     SHOWER 

IN    RU'N.    av    t:-;-     MduNTAiN      road' 


r'^--'; 


^,:i^  .^;- 


-Sit' J 


fi.        -Ki    I 

'• 

.f.         h^ 

'♦r'i.,' 


^/WVU^7V>1    J 


K 


V 


Si 


Vj 


THE  LIBRARY 

OF 

THE  UNIVERSITY 

OF  CALIFORNIA 

RIVERSIDE 


Ex  Libris 
C.  K.  OGDEN 


THE    ROMANS 


ON    THE 


RIVIERA    AND   THE    RHONE 


(    •!     |—  CT-     l_>  1^    -^  fc*' 


THE    ROMANS 


ON   THE 


RIVIERA  AND  THE  RHONE 


A   SKETCH   OF    THE    CONQUEST   OF   LIGURIA 
AND   THE   ROMAN   PROVINCE 


BY 


W.    H;  (BULLOCK)   HALL,    F.R.G.S. 

CORRESPONDING   MEMBER  OF   THE   LITERARY   AND   SCIENTIFIC  SOCIETIES   OF 
NICE  AND   DRAGUIGNAN,    AND  OF  THE  SOCIETY   fiDUENNE  OF   AUTUN. 


Uonlion 
MACMILLAN    AND    CO.,    Limited 

NEW  YORK:    THE  MACMILLAN   COMPANY 
1898 

All  rights  reserved. 


CamferttigE : 


PRINTED   BY  J.    AND   C.    F.    CLAY, 
AT   THE    UNIVERSITY   PRESS. 


TO    MY    FRIEND 

PROFESSOR    RIDGEWAY 

OF  THE  UNIVERSITY   OF  CAMBRIDGE 

IN    GRATEFUL   RECOGNITION    OF 

ASSISTANCE   AND   ENCOURAGEMENT 

AFFORDED   THROUGHOUT   THE    COMPOSITION 

OF   THIS   WORK 


H. 


PREFACE. 


Having  enjoyed  for  the  last  twelve  years  the  privi- 
lege of  wintering  on  the  north-western  shores  of  the 
Mediterranean,  I  have  turned  them  to  account  by  fol- 
lowing up  in  every  direction  the  tracks  left  by  the 
Romans  on  the  French  and  Italian  Rivieras.  Nor  have 
my  explorations  been  confined  to  the  coast,  but  have 
been  extended  north  of  the  Apennines  as  far  as  the  Po 
in  Italy,  and  in  France  have  included  the  seldom-visited 
valleys  of  the  Durance  and  the  Drome.  It  is  in  the 
hope  of  throwing  some  light  of  local  colouring  on  to  an 
obscure  field  of  Roman  history,  that  I  am  tempted  to 
offer  this  sketch  to  the  public.  For  mainly  owing  to 
the  irreparable  loss  of  the  books  of  Livy's  history 
treating  of  the  conquest  of  Provence  (the  Roman 
Provincia),  we  are  left  very  much  in  the  dark  on  that 
important  episode  in  Roman  history.  Nothing  but  the 
intimate  acquaintance  with  the  locality  which  the  writer 
possesses  has  rendered  it  possible  to  eke  out  the  slender 
materials  available,  for  the  construction  of  any  kind  of 
bridge  over  the  gap  in  Roman  history  between  the 
narratives  of  Livy  and  Caesar  ;  and  some  bridge  is 
indispensable,  to  connect  the  broken  ends  of  the  two 
narratives.  For  Caesar's  Gallic  War,  with  which  the 
student  usually  begins  his  acquaintance  with  Gaul,  is 
really  only  the  second  act  of  the  drama  of  the  Roman 
conquest  of  that  country.  It  is  indispensable,  for  in- 
stance, to  be  forewarned  that  (i)  the  '  Oiiinis  Gallia'  of 


vill  PREFACE. 

Caesar  means  Gallia  with  the  Rhone  Valley  left  out,  as 
already  conquered  and  reduced  to  a  Province  ;  (2)  that 
the  inroad  of  the  Helvetii  into  Gaul,  so  ruthlessly  ar- 
rested and  repulsed  by  Caesar,  was  looked  upon  as 
threatening  a  repetition  of  the  Cimbro-Teuton  invasion, 
which  had  so  nearly  overwhelmed  Italy  less  than  half  a 
century  earlier  ;  (3)  that  the  driving  of  Ariovistus  back 
across  the  Rhine  showed  that  Caesar's  eagle-eye  saw  at 
a  glance  where  the  real  danger  lay,  and  that  it  was 
better  policy  to  encounter  Germany  in  Alsace  than  on 
the  Rhone  or  in  Provence. 

Passing  my  winters  as  I  do  within  sight  of  the  ruins 
of  Forum  Julii,  which  is  really  a  Rome  in  miniature, 
I  have  been  imbibing  an  atmosphere  as  completely 
Roman,  as  if  I  had  been  living  on  the  outskirts  of  the 
Eternal  City. 

In  fact  I  have  often  had  to  ask  myself,  can  it  be 
that  the  long  line  of  mellow  arches,  which  I  see  there 
striding  across  the  plain,  are  other  than  those  of  the 
Claudian  Aqueduct,  and  that  those  brown-hooded  shep- 
herds, sheltering  with  their  flocks  from  the  fierce  rays  of 
the  midday  sun  under  spreading  stone-pines,  are  any- 
thing else  than  the  familiar  figures  and  features  of  the 
Roman  Campagna? 

When,  escorted  by  the  arches  of  the  aqueduct — those 
avajit-coiireurs  of  the  ruined  city, — you  approach  the 
entrance,  where  the  Porta  Romana  once  stood,  and  gaze 
on  the  picturesque  outline  of  the  walls  still  standing, 
though  in  ruin,  and  the  Roman  towers,  cutting  clear 
against  the  western  sky,  you  have  before  you  a  scene 
of  concentrated  Roman  ingredients,  unsurpassable  even 
at  Rome. 

One  has  often  to  ask  oneself,  why  is  it,  that  when 
once  the  Romans  have  set  their  seal  on  a  place,  it  is 
redeemed  for  ever  from  dullness,  and  that  its  desolation 
becomes  more  eloquent  than  words  can  express  ? 

Somewhat  to  the  author's  own  surprise,  his  work, 
which  originated  in  musings  over  the  ruins  of  Forum 


PREFACE.  IX 

Julii,  has  taken  the  form  of  a  sketch  of  the  expansion 
of  Italy  into  Gaul  through  the  Roman  conquest  of 
Liguria,  which  prepared  the  way  for  Caesar's  Gallic  Wars. 

It  was  only  by  degrees  that  the  author  became  aware 
how  much  wider  was  the  ancient  Liguria  than  the  strip 
of  Italian  coast  to  which  it  is  limited  by  modern  geo- 
graphers. He  soon  discovered  that  at  Frejus  he  was  in 
a  centre,  which  was  Ligurian  before  it  became  Roman, 
and  that  he  was  located  at  the  most  convenient  point 
on  the  coast  for  exploring  the  whole  of  ancient  Liguria, 
which  extended  from  the  Rhone  on  the  west  across  the 
Alps  as  far  east  as  the  line  of  the  Trebia,  prolonged 
across  the  Apennines  by  the  valley  of  the  Magra  to  the 
Mediterranean. 

In  Gaul,  it  reached  from  the  coast  inland  as  far  as 
the  level  of  the  Isere,  and  in  Italy  up  to  that  of  the 
upper  half  of  the  course  of  the  Po,  and  even  beyond  it'. 

The  references  in  the  text  and  notes  will  make  it 
clear  that  the  author  has  had  occasion  to  draw  more  on 
foreign  than  on  British  sources  for  assistance  in  the 
composition  of  this  sketch.  While  French,  Germans 
and  Italians  have  dealt  with  the  different  branches  of 
his  subject,  the  author  is  unacquainted  with  any  English 
work  dealing  specially  with  it. 

Although  reluctantly  compelled  to  point  out  the 
serious  errors  into  which  M.  Lentheric  has  fallen  on 
the  subject  of  the  Via  Aurelia,  the  author  is  glad  to 
acknowledge  the  pleasure  he  has  derived  from  the  rest 
of  his  work  which  is  known  to  the  French  as  La 
Provence  Maritime,  and  to  the  British  reader  as  TJie 
Riviera  Ancient  and  Modern. 

For  a  detailed  account  of  Forum  Julii  the  author 
refers  his  readers  to  the  "  Histoire  de  Frejus"  by 
J,  A.  Aubenas,  to  which  the  author  is  himself  much 
indebted. 

In  Herzog's  Historia  Provinciae  Narbonensis  (1863) 

'  In  tlie  (lays  of  Justinian,  Milan  was  considered  the  capital  of  Liguria. 
See  Cjibbon,  Milman's  Edition,  Vol.  iv.  p.  57. 


X  PREFACE. 

the  student  who  wishes  to  go  deeper  in  the  subject  will 
find  an  admirable  and  scholarly  work. 

The  author  offers  his  best  thanks  to  Mr  Jenkinson, 
Cambridge  University  Librarian,  for  unfailing  courtesy 
in  supplying  him  with  works  of  reference,  as  also  to 
Mr  A.  S.  Murray  and  to  Mr  W.  R.  Wilson  of  the 
British  Museum.  He  has  also  to  express  his  obligation 
to  Mr  E.  S.  Shuckburgh  for  the  use  of  his  translation  of 
Polybius  and  other  assistance,  and  to  Professor  Rhys 
of  Oxford  for  valuable  hints.  He  is  indebted  to  Mr 
A.  Rogers  of  the  Cambridge  University  Library  for  the 
compilation  of  the  Index  at  the  end  of  the  volume. 

The  author  has  finally  to  tender  his  best  thanks  to 
Mr  H.  J.  Edwards  of  Trinity  College,  for  reading  over 
the  proofs  while  the  work  was  passing  through  the 
Press. 


LIST   OF   MAPS   AND   PLANS. 

The     Riviera,     Provence     (Roman     Province)    and     regions 
adjacent. 

The  mouths  of  the  Rhone. 

Plan  of  Marseilles.     Ancient  and  Modern. 

Plan  of  Frejus  (Forum  Julii).     Ancient  and  Modern. 

Section  of  the  Table  of  Peutinger. 


Frontispiece  [after  Preface) 


THE    ROMANS    ON    THE    RIVIERA 
AND  THE  RHONE. 

CHAPTER  I. 

Introductory. 

Before  bringing  the  Roman  actors  on  to  the  stage, 
it  will  be  well  to  take  a  preliminary  glance  at  the  early 
distribution  of  races  in  Liguria  and  Gaul.  For,  as  far 
as  I  know,  there  are  very  few  persons  on  this  side  the 
Channel,  who  are  at  all  aware  of  the  extremely  sub- 
versive views  on  the  subject,  which  are  rapidly  gaining 
ground  in  France.  Had  I  been  writing  only  thirty 
years  ago,  it  would  hardly  have  been  necessary  even 
to  refer  to  the  presence  of  traces  of  pre-historic  man 
in  the  regions  under  review.  But  the  recent  discove- 
ries in  the  field  of  pre-historic  archaeology  have  been 
too  important  to  be  left  entirely  unmentioned,  even  in 
a  work  professing  to  deal  exclusively  with  history.  The 
future  indeed  seems  to  belong  to  the  physical  in- 
vestigators, who  brush  aside  in  a  somewhat  high-handed 
manner  the  old  fashioned  history,  which  is  based 
mainly  on  texts. 

Largely  in  consequence  of  physical  evidence  the 
ideas  on  the  subject  of  the  earliest  inhabitants  of  Gaul, 
which  were  embodied  in  the  works  of  the  late  Amedee 
Thierry,  and  which  prevailed  in  France  so  recently  as 
the  date  of  the  publication  of  the  Life  of  Julius  Caesar 
by  Napoleon  HI.,  are  undergoing  a  radical  change. 
H.  I 


2  INTRODUCTORY. 

For  there  is  no  trace  in  those  works  of  any  perception 
of  the  theory  that  the  Gauls  never  really  formed  the 
groundwork  of  the  population  in  the  country  we  call 
France\  It  is  now  beginning  to  dawn  upon  the  French 
mind,  that  as  an  invading  minority  of  German  Franks 
have  given  their  name  to  modern  France,  so  its  ancient 
name  Gallia  was  derived  from  invading  Galli — a  race 
resembling  Germans  in  type — who  subdued,  without 
displacing,  the  indigenous  population. 

It  seems  evident  that,  if  the  majority  of  the  in- 
habitants of  France  were  of  Gallic  origin,  they  ought 
to  be  tall  and  fair.  Whereas — and  that  more  especially 
in  the  generally  believed-to-be  purely  Celtic  regions  of 
the  west  of  France,  they  are  as  a  matter  of  fact  found 
to  be  small  and  dark.  The  skulls  too  and  skeletons 
derived  from  the  tombs  in  western  France  are  mostly 
round  and  short,  instead  of  being  long  and  tall. 

So  whatever  race-feud  exists  between  French  and 
Germans  is  not  to  be  attributed  to  the  Celtic  element 
in  the  French  people.  For,  in  spite  of  their  difference 
in  language  Celts  and  Germans  are  of  kindred  blood. 
Strabo,  p.  196'"'. 

The  first  modern  writer  to  draw  public  attention  to  the 
above  anomaly  was  the  Baron  Roger  de  Belloguet,  whose 
remarkable  work,  Ethnogenie  Gaiiloise,  was  published  in 
the  year  1869.  In  Vol.  II.,  p.  309,  the  Baron  sums  up 
in  the  following  terms  his  conclusions,  arrived  at,  be  it 
observed,  prior  to  the  production  of  the  convincing 
physical  evidence,  since  discovered  in  caves,  lake- 
dwellings,  and  tombs,  "nous  concluons,  que  deux  types 
d'une  constitution  physique  aussi  differente,  que  les 
grands  blonds  et  les  petits  bruns,  ne  peuvent  etre  sortis 
d'une  meme   souche.     II  est  faux  que    les  hommes   a 

^  We  find  for  instance  the  statement  that  "nineteen-twentieths  of  the 
French  are  descended  from  Gauls"  in  Duruy,  History  of  Rome,  Chap.  Lin. 
p.  83  (English  translation).     Edited  by  Prof.  Mahaffy. 

^  In  references  to  Strabo,  the  page  of  Casaubon's  edition  will  always  be 
given. 


CHAP.   I.  3 

tete  ronde,  qu'on  a  nommes  abusivement  les  '  Galls,' 
aient  jamais  fait  partie,  ethnologiquement  parlant,  de  la 

famille  celtique II   en  resulte,  que  les  Celtes  ne 

formerent  jamais  en  Gaule  qu'une  minorite  dans  la 
population  de  toutes  ces  contrees  ;  qu'ils  n'en  furent  par 
consequent  pas  les  premiers  habitants ;  mais  comme 
I'indiquent  leurs  propres  traditions,  conformes  a  plusieurs 
donnees  historiques,  des  conquerants  dont  la  race  finit 
par  se  perdre,  sauf  quelques  exceptions  locales,  dans  la 
masse  beaucoup  plus  nombreuse  des  vaincus." 

Startling  enough  to  the  ordinary  British  student, 
nourished  in  the  traditions  of  Caesar  and  Livy,  as 
these  conclusions  will  appear,  they  seem  moderate  in 
comparison  with  the  latest  views  advanced  by  the  emi- 
nent Celtic  scholar,  M.  d'Arbois  de  Jubainville.  For  this 
distinguished  member  of  the  Institut  goes  the  length 
of  asserting  that  there  were  never  in  Gallia  at  any  one 
time  more  than  60,000  Gauls  or  Celts  (for  the  terms  are 
synonymous^)  including  non-combatants.  In  his  Pre- 
miers ]iabita7its  dc  r Europe,  Vol.  II.  p.  7,  M.  d'Arbois  de 
Jubainville,  referring  to  the  observation  of  Caesar,  "  nam 
plebes  paene  servorum  habetur  loco,"  De  Bello  Gallico, 
VI.  13,  expresses  himself  as  follows  : 

"  Elle  vivait  dans  une  sorte  d'esclavage,  quoique  la 
conquete  celtique  remontat  a  environ  cinq  siecles  dans 
la  plus  grande  partie  de  la  Gaule  barbare,  et  que  les 
vaincus  eussent  probablement  presque  tous  oublie  leur 
langue  primitive  en  apprenant  le  gaulois,  comme  plus 
tard  ils  oublierent  le  gaulois,  en  apprenant  le  latin. 

"Les  membres  de  I'aristocratie  gauloise  ne  pouvaient 
pas  mettre  sous  les  armes  plus  de  quinze  mille  cavaliers. 
Vercingetorix  fit  cette  evaluation  d'effectif  lors  de  la 
grande  insurrection  dont  il  fut  le  chef  Or,  une  regie 
de  la  statistique  de  ce  temps  etait  que  le  nombre  des 
hommes  capables  de  porter  les  armes,  formait  le  quart 
de  la  population  totale. 

"Les  quinze  mille  cavaliers,  avec  leurs  femmes,  leurs 

1  See  p.  5. 

I — 2 


4  INTRODUCTORY. 

enfants  et  leurs  vieux  peres  formaient  done  un  total  de 
soixante  mille  personnes :  ainsi  une  aristocratic,  com- 
posee  de  soixante  mille  ames,  dominait  et  tenait  dans 
une  sorte  de  servitude  le  reste  de  la  Gaule  barbare, 
dont  le  nombre  atteignait  un  peu  plus  de  trois  millions." 

Had  such  a  paradoxical  conclusion  as  the  above 
been  enunciated  by  a  less  eminent  author  than  M. 
d'Arbois  de  Jubainville,  it  would  have  been  at  once 
dismissed  as  undeserving  even  of  consideration.  But, 
whatever  adventitious  assistance  the  opinion  may  derive 
from  the  name  of  the  author,  it  becomes  at  once  evident 
that,  in  its  exaggerated  form,  it  necessarily  falls  to  the 
ground  when  confronted  with  the  plain  text  of  Caesar's 
Gallic  war,  and  the  general  consensus  of  the  classical 
authorities.  (From  what  I  gathered  during  a  personal 
interview  with  M.  d'Arbois  de  Jubainville,  I  have  reason 
to  hope  that  he  is  prepared  to  modify  his  extreme 
views.) 

For  in  Lib.  II.  c.  4,  we  find  the  total  of  the  Belgic 
contingents  alone  amounting  to  266,000  combatants. 
In  Lib.  VII.  c.  ^6,  the  outside  Gallic  host  brought  up 
for  the  relief  of  Alesia,  inclusive  of  Belgae,  numbered, 
according  to  Caesar,  240,000  infantry  and  8000  cavalry^ 
while  80,000  more  were  beleaguered  inside  with  Ver- 
cingetorix. 

Although  M.  dArbois  de  Jubainville  considers  the 
infantry  unworthy  of  enumeration,  as  not  of  Gallic 
blood,  he  still  does  not  actually  deny  that  they  were 
present,  and  draws  attention  to  the  fact  that  the  '  plebes,' 
from  which  the  infantry  was  presumably  recruited,  spoke 
Gallic.  It  does  not  appear  to  strike  M.  d'Arbois  de 
Jubainville  as  at  all  improbable  that  a  minority  of 
15,000  families  should  have  succeeded  in  imposing  its 
language  on  a  people  numbering  three  millions. 

M.  d'Arbois  de  Jubainville  is  perhaps  not  necessarily 
in  conflict  with  Caesar  as  to  the  numbers,  only  as  to  the 

1  Of  the  15,000  cavalry,  the  number  given  by  M.  D'Arbois  as  estimated 
by  Vercingetorix,  only  8000  appear  to  have  obeyed  the  summons. 


CHAP.    I.  5 

nationality  of  the  combatants  before  Alesia.  Whatever 
its  exact  composition  may  have  been  it  is  hardly  sur- 
prising that  Caesar  described  the  Gallic-speaking  host 
gathered  around  Alesia  under  the  general  name  of 
'  Gain,'  and  that  he  failed  to  enter  into  any  ethnological 
subtleties  on  such  an  occasion. 

That  Gallic  blood  in  the  Gaul  of  Caesar's  time  was 
confined  to  the  cavalry  or  fighting  aristocracy  is  a 
paradox,  which — pace  M.  d'Arbois  de  Jubainville — will 
not  bear  serious  examination.  If  we  admit  that  recent 
discovery  proves  that  the  groundwork  of  the  population 
in  western  Gaul  has  always  remained  Iberian,  there 
must  still  have  been  a  large  admixture  of  Gauls  in  the 
inferior  population  or  "tiers  etat,"  which  was  apparently 
of  no  more  account  in  Caesar's  day  than  in  France 
before  the  Revolution.  For  we  are  expressly  told 
by  Caesar,  Lib.  VI.  c.  13,  that  it  frequently  occurred 
amongst  the  Gauls  that  independent  individuals  broke 
down,  overburdened  with  debt  or  fiscal  charges,  and 
losing  caste,  descended  in  the  social  scale  to  swell  the 
ranks  of  the  poor  clients  of  the  nobles. 

In  the  opening  chapter  of  the  first  book  of  his 
Gallic  war,  is  contained  the  only  general  reference  to 
distinctions  of  languages  existing  in  Caesar's  Gallia, 
from  which  the  Rhone  valley,  formed  60  years  earlier 
into  the  "  Provincia  Romana,"  was  excluded.  The 
passage  is  known  to  every  schoolboy.  "  All  Gaul  is 
divided  into  three  parts,  of  which  the  Belgae  inhabit 
one,  the  Aquitani  another,  while  the  people  whom  we 
call  Galli,  but  who  call  themselves  Celtae,  inhabit  the 
remaining  part.  All  three  differ  from  each  other  in 
language,  institutions  and  laws^"  Although  unfor- 
tunately Caesar  tells  us  nothing  as  to  the  nature  of 
this  difference,  whether  it  was  of  kind,  or  only  of  degree, 

^  If  Caesar  had  visited  Gallia  a  century  or  two  earlier,  he  would  have 
found  Galli  occupying  two  out  of  his  three  divisions.  For  he  expressly 
states  {De  Bell.  Gall.  ll.  3)  that  the  Belgae,  who  of  old  came  from  beyond 
the  Rhine,  expelled  Galli  then  in  possession  of  Belgica. 


6  INTRODUCTORY. 

much  light  is  thrown  upon  this  important  point  by 
Strabo. 

For  in  Lib.  IV.  p,  176,  which  deals  with  Gallia, 
Strabo  writes,  "Some  make  a  threefold  division  of  it 
into  Aquitani,  Belgae  and  Celtae,  of  whom  the  Aquitani 
differ  totally  from  the  other  two,  both  in  language  and 
physique,  resembling  Iberians  much  more  than  Gauls. 
The  Belgae  and  Celtae  are  both  Gauls,  to  outward 
appearance,  but  there  is  a  slight  difference  of  language." 
We  must  therefore  infer  that  both  Celtae  and  Belgae 
spoke  Celtic.  But  as  Caesar  tells  us  (L.  II.  c.  3)  that 
most  of  the  Belgae  were  sprung  from  Germans  we  are 
led  to  infer  that  the  Celtic  spoken  by  the  Belgae  was 
not  as  widely  different  from  the  German  as  the  two 
languages  became  later.  When  (Lib.  I.  c.  47)  Caesar  re- 
quired to  confer  with  Ariovistus,  the  negotiations  were 
carried  on  in  Celtic,  which  the  German  chief  had  ac- 
quired during  his  occupation  of  the  country  of  the 
Sequani.  The  difference  in  language  spoken  by  Celtae 
and  Belgae,  referred  to  both  by  Caesar  and  Strabo,  is 
perhaps  represented  by  that  between  Goidelic  and 
Brythonic  later. 

With  regard  to  the  distribution  of  the  population  in 
ancient  Gallia,  it  seems  most  probable  that  what  is  true 
of  our  day  was  true  of  Caesar's,  viz.  that  the  further 
you  advanced  southwards  and  westwards,  the  darker 
and  smaller  the  population  became,  being  further 
removed  from  the  fair,  tall,  German  type  of  the 
north-eastern  region,  the  Belgica  of  Caesar.  That 
there  ever  existed  anywhere  a  type  of  small  dark 
Gauls  or  Celts  is  now  considered  in  France  a  complete 
delusion. 

For  the  type  of  Gaul,  made  known  to  us  by  the 
consensus  of  classical  authorities,  was  tall,  fair  and 
blue-eyed — only  differing  as  Strabo  informs  us  (p.  290) 
from  the  German  or  Teuton  in  being  less  fierce, 
gigantic  and  ruddy.  We  read  in  his  life  by  Suetonius 
that  when  Caligula  ran  short  of  German  prisoners  for 


CHAP.   I.  7 

his  sham  triumph  over  that  nation,  he  was  obHged  to 
put  up  with  the  biggest  Gauls  he  could  find.  He  com- 
pelled them  to  let  their  hair  grow  long,  dye  it  red, 
assume  barbarous  names  and  learn  German.  Again 
on  p.  196,  Strabo,  comparing  Gauls  and  Germans, 
writes  "  they  resemble  each  other  in  their  nature  and 
constitution,  and  are  akin  (crvyjevei^)  in  blood."  Such 
was  the  type  of  the  Gauls,  who  in  the  year  B.C.  390 
sacked  Rome  and  are  portrayed  in  Virgil's  well-known 
lines  : 

"  Aurea  caesaries  ollis,  atque  aurea  vestis ; 
Virgatis  lucent  sagulis;  turn  lactea  colla 
Auro  innectuntur." 

Of  this  type  too  were  the  Gauls,  who  a  century  later 
invaded  Greece,  and  pillaged  the  treasure  of  Delphi, 
passing  on  thence  through  Macedonia  and  Thrace  into 
Asia  Minor,  where  they  carried  fire  and  sword  into  its 
most  fertile  provinces\ 

These  were  the  centuries  when  the  Gauls  were  at 
their  prime.  But  the  history  of  their  exploits  has  been 
unaccountably  neglected  by  British  historians.  It  is 
given  in  full  detail  and  in  a  most  readable  form  by 
Amedee  Thierry  in  his  Histoire  des  Gaidois. 

When  Caesar  invaded  the  country,  to  which  they 
had  given  their  name  '  Gallia,'  the  Gauls  were  already  a 
degenerate  people,  as  Caesar  himself  points  out.  From 
living  remote  from  the  enervating  luxuries  of  the 
'  Provincia,'  and  nearer  to  the  Germans,  the  Belgae  alone 
escaped  degeneracy.  In  De  Bell.  Gall.  VI.  c.  24,  we 
read,  "  But  there  was  formerly  a  time,  when  the  Gauls 
surpassed  the  Germans  in  valour  and  carried  war  into 
their  country  without  provocation." 

As  a  matter  of  fact  it  was  from  Belgica  that  the 
Romans  mainly  derived  their  knowledge  of  the  Gauls. 
It  was  there  that  Caesar's  toughest  fighting  took  place. 

^  The  most  famous  of  these  Gauls  were  the  Tectosages,  who  finally 
settled  down  in  Galatia,  and  were  the  ancestors  of  St  Paul's  "  foolish 
Galatians." 


8  INTRODUCTORY. 

The  adjoining  Rhine  Provinces,  Germania  Superior  and 
Inferior,  where  the  tall,  fair  type  of  Gallicised  Teuton 
has  always  predominated,  were  the  only  parts  of  Gallia 
ever  permanently  garrisoned  by  the  Romans.  The 
Romans,  in  the  opposite  sense,  anticipated  the  Germans 
in  keeping  the  "  Wacht  am  Rhein."  So  it  is  not  sur- 
prising that,  writing  about  a.d.  350,  in  the  reign  of 
Julian,  Ammianus  Marcellinus  should  observe,  L.  XV.  12, 
"The  Gauls  are  almost  all  tall,  fair  and  ruddy,  with  a 
terrible  gleam  in  their  eyes." 

It  was  not  till  comparatively  late  that  the  Romans 
had  much  intercourse  with  western  Gallia,  where,  in  the 
reign  of  Gallienus,  Bordeaux  became  an  imperial  re- 
sidence. 

To  Amedee  Thierry  the  anomaly  of  attributing  the 
small  and  dark  Bretons  and  Welsh  to  a  Celtic  or  Cymric 
stock  seems  to  have  presented  no  difficulty.  But  the 
opinion  is  rapidly  gaining  ground,  both  in  France  and 
Britain,  that  in  spite  of  their  Cymric  name  and  speech, 
the  population  of  Brittany  and  Wales  is  to  be  regarded 
as  mainly  Iberian.  Professor  Boyd  Dawkins  in  his 
Early  Man  in  Britain  is  a  strong  exponent  of  this  view 
as  regards  the  Silures,  quoting  Tacitus^  to  support  it. 

In  those  regions  of  the  far  west  the  strain  of  invading 
Celts,  who  imposed  their  name  and  language  on  the 
conquered  indigenous  population,  has  gradually  become 
absorbed  and  disappeared.  As  far  as  language  is  con- 
cerned, the  same  process  has  been  steadily  going  on  in 
Ireland,  where  the  descendants  of  English  settlers  have 
become  more  Irish  than  the  Irish,  and  yet  the  English 
language  has  prevailed. 

While  the  language  has  undergone  at  least  two  great 
changes  in  Ireland,  i.e.  from  Iberian  to  Celtic  and  from 
Celtic  to  English,  the  blood  in  the  south  and  west  of 
the  island  is  probably  still  mainly  Iberian.  If  the 
theories  of  Roger  de  Belloguet,  D'Arbois  de  Jubainville 
in   France,  and   Professor  Boyd   Dawkins  in   England, 

^  Agricola,  c.   ii. 


CHAP.   I.  9 

hold  good,  it  will  soon  be  hard  to  find  a  purely  Celtic 
race  left.  In  the  same  chapter  where  Tacitus  refers  to 
the  tradition  of  the  Iberian  descent  of  the  Welsh  Silures, 
he  suggests  the  likelihood  of  a  German  origin  of  the 
Caledonians.  There  is  a  natural  tendency  on  the  part 
of  readers,  and  especially  in  the  case  of  countries  which 
they  know  only  by  name,  to  assume  that  the  bulk 
of  the  inhabitants  belongs  to  the  race  which  has  last 
given  its  name  to  the  country.  But  such  assumption 
frequently  turns  out  to  be  utterly  unfounded.  The 
conquest  of  a  country  often  involved  little  more  than 
a  change  of  landlords. 

There  have  from  time  immemorial  been  two  main 
classes  of  invaders,  namely  that  of  organized  bands  of 
armed  adventurers,  bringing  no  women ;  and  that  of 
tribes  in  search  of  fresh  settlements  and  consisting  of 
whole  families,  with  all  their  belongings.  If  the  armed 
adventurers  settled  in  the  conquered  country  they  would 
intermarry  with  the  native  women,  and  their  descendants 
gradually  become  merged  in  the  native  population 
which,  notwithstanding,  would  probably  have  adopted 
the  name  and  language  of  their  conquerors. 

As  far  as  we  can  gather  from  the  classical  authori- 
ties the  Gain,  with  the  notable  exception  of  the  Helvetic 
emigrants  arrested  by  Caesar,  belonged  to  the  first  class, 
and  the  Germans  to  the  second  class  of  invaders.  In 
the  case  of  the  Cimbri  and  Teutones  we  know  that  they 
moved  in  huge  caravans  of  covered  waggons,  as  the 
reader  will  find  further  on  when  I  deal  with  their  in- 
vasion of  Provence. 

Of  the  three  races,  Iberian,  Ligurian  and  Celtic, 
found  in  Gallia  Transalpina  it  appears  that  Iberians 
and  Ligurians  divided  between  them  the  possession  of 
the  North-Western  Mediterranean  coast  line  prior  to 
the  appearance  of  the  Celts.  For  in  the  Ora  Maritiina 
of  Festus  Avienus,  which  though  itself  of  the  4th  century 
A.D.  is  based  on  the  Periphisoi  Himilco,  the  Carthaginian 
navigator  of  the  4th  century  B.C.,  we  find  the   Rhone 


10  INTRODUCTORY. 

assigned  as  the  earliest  authentic  dividing  line  between 
the  Iberians  and  the  Ligurians — 

"  hujus  (sc.  Rhodani)  alveo 
Ibera  tellus  atque  Ligyes  intersecantur " — 

and  Strabo,  p.   i66,  mentions  the  former  extension  of 
Iberia  up  to  the  Rhone. 

By  the  light  of  recent  investigation  it  indeed  appears 
probable  that  not  only  did  the  mouths  of  the  Rhone 
separate  these  two  primitive  nationalities  on  the  Medi- 
terranean coast,  but  that  in  prehistoric  times  a  dividing 
line  between  them  was  carried  up  northwards  into 
Gallia\  Into  the  midst  of  this  Ibero-Ligurian  population, 
formidable  bodies  of  Gauls  or  Celts,  armed  with  their 
then  irresistible  long  swords,  began  to  pour,  at  dates 
of  which  we  have  no  positive  record.  The  contests 
between  Celts  and  Ligurians  are  referred  to  as  being  of 
frequent  occurrence  by  Festus  Avienus,  v.  132  of  the 
Ora  Maritima : 

"namque  Celtarum  manu 
Crebrisque  dudum  proeliis  vacuata  sunt, 
Liguresque  pulsi,  ut  saepe  fors  aliquos  agit, 
Venere  in  ista,   quae  per  horrentes  tenent 
Plerumque  dumos." 

While  our  attention  is  drawn  to  encounters  between 
Celts  and  Ligurians,  it  is  to  be  observed  that  nothing  is 
said  about  any  resistance  being  offered  by  the  Iberians 
within  the  limits  of  Gaul. 

Driving  a  Celtic  wedge  between  Iberians,  forced 
westward,  and  Ligurians,  south-eastward  back  into  the 
Rhone  Valley,  the  main  body  of  Gauls  occupied  in 
force  the  north-eastern  and  central  plateaus  of  France, 
the  whole  of  which  they  ultimately  dominated. 

When  history  opens  with  Herodotus,  about  the 
middle  of  the  fifth  century  before  Christ,  we  find  that 
bands  of  Celts  had  already  forced  their  way  right 
through  western  Gallia  across  the  Pyrenees,  and  formed 

^  In  Chap.  V.  this  question  is  more  fully  treated. 


CHAP.   I.  II 

a  settlement  on  the  Atlantic  sea-board  of  the  Iberian 
peninsula.  But  they  had  not  yet  reached  the  Medi- 
terranean. For  Herodotus  informs  us  in  Lib.  II.  c.  33, 
"  that  the  Celts  are  beyond  the  Pillars  of  Hercules," 
thus  locating  them  somewhere  on  the  coast  of  the 
Atlantic  Ocean  to  the  extreme  west  of  Europe. 
While  in  Lib.  vil.  c.  165,  Herodotus  enumerates  both 
Iberians  and  Ligurians  amongst  the  mercenaries  col- 
lected from  all  parts  of  the  Mediterranean  by  Terillus, 
the  expelled  tyrant  of  Himera,  in  his  final  effort  to 
recover  his  throne,  B.C.  480,  Celts  are  conspicuously 
absent  from  the  list.  Inasmuch  as  in  the  succeeding 
centuries — and  notably  in  the  first  and  second  Punic 
Wars  in  the  service  of  Carthage — the  Celts  became 
famous  as  professional  mercenaries,  we  may  consider  it 
proved  that  in  the  5th  century  B.C.  they  were  as  yet 
unknown  to  the  powers  bordering  on  the  Mediterranean. 

We  must  therefore  certainly  reject  Livy's  date,  B.C. 
600,  the  reign  of  Tarquinius  Priscus,  as  being  at  least 
a  century  and  a  half  too  early  for  the  appearance  of 
Celts  in  Italy,  and  it  seems  doubtful  whether  his  account 
of  the  emigration  of  the  two  main  swarms  of  Celts 
under  Bellovesus  and  Sigovesus  from  a  parent  hive  in 
France  into  Italy  and  Germany  respectively  will  bear 
serious  examination. 

In  spite  of  Mommsen's  qualified  acceptance  of  the 
main  facts  without  the  date\  Messrs  Alexandre  Bertrand 
and  Salomon  Reinach,  in  their  recently  published  joint 
work  Les  Celtes  dans  la  Vallee  dii  Po  et  dii  Danube,  go 
very  near  to  rejecting  Livy's  narrative  altogether.  For 
these  exponents  of  the  latest  theories  on  the  subject,  the 
Roman  Province  of  Gallia  Transalpina  was  never  the 
parent  hive  of  Celts,  of  whom  there  were  never  enough 
in  the  west  to  have  swarmed  back  over  the  Western 
Alps  into  Italy  or  Germany. 

They  argue,  too,  that  if  the  Cisalpine  province  had 
been  overrun  by  Gauls  from  the  Transalpine,  we  ought 

1  History  of  Rovie.     English  translation.     Book  n.  c.  iv. 


12  INTRODUCTORY. 

to  find  the  names  of  the  Bituriges  and  Arverni  figuring 
there  in  the  place  of  Insubres  and  Boii,  the  latter  of 
whom  are  scarcely  heard  of  in  the  Transalpine  Province, 
till  we  read  of  them  in  Caesar's  Gallic  war,  as  invading 
it  in  conjunction  with  the  Helvetii. 

There  certainly  seems  a  great  deal  to  be  said  in 
favour  of  the  contention  that  Gallia  Cisalpina  derived 
her  main  contingents  of  Gauls  direct  from  the  valley  of 
the  Danube,  by  which  route  all  authorities  are  agreed  in 
bringing  them  originally  into  Europe.  For  the  Gauls 
seem  to  have  dropped  contingents  all  along  their  road 
through  Austria,  Germany,  and  Switzerland  to  the 
Rhine,  some  of  whom  probably  poured  over  the  Rhae- 
tian  and  Julian  Alps  into  Italy.  But  the  theory  of  a 
re-flux  of  Gauls  from  Gallia  Transalpina  is  not  to  be 
rejected  altogether. 

The  first  and  only  Celtic  confederation  to  establish 
itself  permanently  on  the  Mediterranean  sea-board  was 
that  of  the  Volcae.  This  branch  of  the  Celtic  family, 
from  whose  name  Volcae  our  word  Welsh  is  derived 
(as  I  am  reminded  by  my  friend  Professor  Rhys  of 
Oxford),  was  the  latest  to  separate  itself  from  the 
Germans,  amongst  whom  it  had  found  a  temporary 
domicile  before  crossing  the  Rhine. 

The  establishment  of  the  Volcae  in  the  plains  be- 
tween the  Rhone  and  the  Pyrenees,  occupied  previously 
mainly  by  an  Iberian  population,  may  be  fixed  ap- 
proximately at  400  B.C.,  but  nothing  is  known  of  the 
circumstances  under  which  it  was  effectuated.  The 
Volcae  were  divided  into  two  branches — Arecomici  and 
Tectosages.  The  Arecomici,  who  appear  to  have  been 
early  brought  under  the  civilizing  influence  of  their 
neighbours  the  Greeks  of  Marseilles,  were  the  founders 
of  the  great  Celtic  emporium  at  Narbonne,  which,  long 
before  Roman  intervention  in  Gaul,  became  the  principal 
mart  of  exchange  for  native  products  brought  down  to 
the  coast  from  the  interior,  including  tin  from  Britain. 

We   learn    from    Strabo   (p.    190)   that    before   the 


M' 


CHAP.    I.  13 

date  of  the  Roman  conquest  of  Provence  (B.C.  122),  the 
over-lordship  of  the  Arverni  extended  to  Narbonne  and 
the  Mediterranean  sea-board.  Thus  the  Volcae  were 
clients  of  the  Arverni.  While,  on  the  right  bank  of  the 
Rhone,  the  Celtic  confederation  of  Volcae  displaced  or 
enslaved  the  former  Iberian  population  about  B.C.  400, 
the  Ligurian  Salyes,  or  Salluvii,  succeeded  to  the  last 
in  barring  Celtic  access  to  the  Mediterranean  on  the 
left  bank. 

Thus,  the  country — now  known  as  Provence — lying 
between  the  Rhone,  the  Durance,  the  Alps  and  the 
Mediterranean,  although  officially  regarded  by  the 
Romans  as  part  of  Gallia  Transalpina,  was  never 
occupied  nor  conquered  by  Gauls.  The  bulk  of  the 
population  of  this  little-known  south-eastern  corner  of 
France  has  always  remained  Ligurian,  just    as    in    its  .'^ 

south-western  corner  the  Iberians  have  never  been  dis- 
lodged from  Aquitania.  To  this  day,  the  south-western 
quarter  of  France  is  largely  Iberian  in  its  affinities,  the 
Pyrenees  having  never  served  as  an  effectual  barrier 
between  races. 

This  preliminary  sketch  of  the  distribution  of  races 
in  Gallia  Transalpina  would  be  incomplete  without 
some  mention  of  the  introduction  of  a  Greek  element 
into  the  population  via  Marseilles.  If  the  reader  will 
refer  to  the  section  of  the  Carte  de  Peutinger  repro- 
duced at  the  end  of  the  volume,  he  will  observe  that  the 
name  'Gretia'  is  given  to  the  region  between  Marseilles 
and  the  Durance. 

And  first,  as  regards  the  foundation  of  Marseilles, 
there  has  been  much  discussion  as  to  whether  the 
Phocaeans  took  possession  of  an  existing  Phoenician 
settlement,  or  whether  they  were  the  original  founders. 
The  discovery  at  Marseilles  in  1845  of  a  stone  tablet, 
now  preserved  in  the  Museo  Borely,  engraved  with  a 
long  Phoenician  inscription,  embodying  minute  regula- 
tions as  to  the  functions  and  remuneration  of  the  priests 
of  the  god  '  Belen '  (the  sun),  was  for  some  time  thought 


14  INTRODUCTORY. 

to  Strengthen  the  argument  of  those  who  contended  for 
a  pre-existing  Phoenician  settlement.  But  it  having 
been  ascertained  that  the  stone  on  which  the  inscription 
is  engraved  is  of  African  origin,  it  cannot  be  held  to 
prove  anything  decisive  on  the  point  in  dispute. 

But  besides  the  stone  tablet  in  question,  an  altar  of 
Baal  and  so  many  images,  apparently  of  Phoenician 
origin,  have  come  to  light,  that  it  is  difficult  to  accept 
M.  Renan's  opinion  as  final  against  the  existence  of  a 
previous  Phoenician  settlement.  For  how  can  the 
discovery  of  so  many  Phoenician  relics  be  explained 
on  any  other  theory  than  that  they  were  there  before 
the  Phocaeans  arrived  .-'  For  in  consequence  of  their 
bitterly  hostile  relations  it  seems  very  unlikely  that 
Phoenicians  or  Carthaginians  would  have  ever  settled 
subsequently  at  Marseilles  amongst  the  Greeks. 

For  the  generally  accepted  date  of  600  B.C.,  for  the 
original  foundation  of  Marseilles,  Timaeus  is  the  definite 
authority;  "They  (the  Phocaeans)  founded  it  in  Liguria 
one  hundred  and  twenty  years,  as  they  say,  before  the 
battle  of  Salamis.  Timaeus  at  least  gives  this  account 
of  its  foundation \" 

We  find  also  in  a  fragment  of  Aristotle's  lost  work 
{apud  Athenaeum,  Xlll.  576)  on  the  Constitution  of 
Marseilles,  which  he  held  up  to  the  admiration  of  the 
world,  the  statement,  "  The  Phocaeans  who  had  their 
trading  station  in  Ionia  founded  Massilia." 

It  is  however  very  singular  that  Herodotus  should 
make  no  mention  whatever  of  Marseilles,  which  had 
existed  a  century  and  a  half  before  he  wrote  his  history. 
As  he  gives  us  such  a  striking  narrative  of  the  abandon- 
ment of  their  city  by  the  Phocaeans,  in  preference  to 
becoming  enslaved  to  the  Persians  ;  of  their  temporary 
(five  years')  settlement  in  Corsica,  where  they  found 
Phocaeans,  who  had  settled  there  and  founded  Alalia 

^  Ps.  Scytnmts,  an  ip  t^  AiyvcriKy  di  ratjTTjv  ^KTiaav  irpb  ttjs  /mxv^ tV^ 
iv  l.aKafxlvi  yevo/xevris  ^recriv  irpoTepov  m  (pacriv  cKarbv  e'LKoaiv.  Tt/iatos 
oiJTWs  laropel  de  r'qv  ktIctiv. 


CHAP.   I.  15 

twenty  years  previously  ;  of  the  sea  fight  off  Alalia,  in 
which  40  out  of  the  60  Phocaean  ships  were  destroyed 
by  the  combined  fleet  of  Carthaginians  and  Etruscans ; 
of  the  20  remaining  Phocaean  ships  abandoning  Corsica 
and  founding  Hyela  (Velia),  we  should  have  at  least 
expected  some  reference  to  the  actual  foundation  of 
Marseilles  by  Phocaeans,  which  took  place  half  a  century 
before  these  events. 

As  long  as  the  Etrusco-Carthaginian  naval  alliance 
rendered  the  power  of  their  combined  fleet  supreme  in 
the  western  Mediterranean,  there  was  little  chance  of 
the  Phocaean  Massiliots  developing  their  commerce 
from  Marseilles,  which  must  have  had  a  very  modest 
beginning.  But  when  the  Carthaginians  suffered  tem- 
porary collapse  by  sea  and  land  at  the  battle  of  Himera 
(B.C.  480),  which  was  followed  up  by  the  defeat  of  their 
confederates,  the  Etruscans,  by  the  Greeks  off  Cumae 
(B.C.  474),  the  coast  was  cleared  of  enemies  and  the 
chance  came  for  the  rise  of  the  new  Phocaean  republic 
in  the  West. 

In  the  ensuing  70  years,  the  commerce  of  Marseilles 
advanced  with  surprising  rapidity,  driving  the  Cartha- 
ginian successors  of  the  Phoenician  traders  beyond  the 
Pillars  of  Hercules,  and  establishing  trading  stations  of 
its  own  to  the  westward  at  various  points  along  the 
coast  of  Gaul  and  Spain.  For  the  Massiliots  do  not 
appear  to  have  directed  their  energies  eastwards  at  this 
early  period,  when  their  supply  of  citizens  was  probably 
not  equal  to  founding  colonies,  as  they  did  subsequently 
at  Tauroentum,  Olbia,  Athenopolis,  Antipolis,  Nicaea 
and  Monaco. 

However,  during  the  fourth  century  B.C.,  the  Cartha- 
ginians succeeded  in  re-establishing  their  supremacy  at 
sea,  and,  this  time  single-handed  (for  their  allies  the 
Etruscans  never  got  over  their  catastrophe  off  Cumae), 
they  cut  the  Massiliots  off  from  all  intercourse  with 
their  Spanish  emporia,  thus  recovering  all  the  trade 
they  had  lost. 


l6  INTRODUCTORY. 

Had  not  the  Romans,  who  from  the  first  had  been 
warm  allies  of  the  Massiliots,  come  eventually  to  their 
rescue,  it  might  have  been  all  over  with  the  fortunes  of 
Marseilles.  But  realizing  at  the  outbreak  of  the  first 
Punic  War  the  necessity  of  becoming  a  first-rate  naval 
power,  the  Romans  threw  such  energy  into  ship- 
building, as,  before  its  close,  to  disable  the  Carthaginian 
navy  and  wrest  from  their  rival  once  for  all  the  command 
of  the  western  basin  of  the  Mediterranean. 

Thus  it  was  owing  to  the  Romans  that  Marseilles 
recovered  the  commercial  prosperity  which  she  has 
enjoyed  almost  uninterruptedly  ever  since.  As  an  in- 
dication of  the  intimate  relations  existing  in  early  times 
between  Rome  and  Marseilles  we  read  that  the  tenth 
part  of  the  spoil  of  Veii,  dedicated  to  the  Delphic 
Apollo  by  Camillus,  was  deposited  in  the  Massiliot 
treasury  at  Delphi.  It  is  also  related  that  a  collection 
was  made  at  Marseilles  at  the  time  of  the  capture  and 
burning  of  Rome  by  the  Gauls,  for  the  sufferers  by  the 
fire*.  In  return  for  this  generosity,  places  of  honour 
were  always  reserved  for  the  Massiliots  at  public  games 
at  Rome. 

But  it  was  especially  during  the  Punic  wars  that 
Marseilles  and  Rome  rendered  each  other  invaluable 
services,  their  interests  being  identical. 

1  We  may  compare  here  the  efforts  made  by  the  commercial  cities  of 
the  Aegean  to  assist  Rhodes  after  the  earthquake,  in  the  time  of  the 
Ptolemies :  Marseilles,  in  fact,  was  in  the  North-west  of  the  Mediterranean 
a  charitable  agency  similar  to  Alexandria  in  the  south.  It  is  interesting  to 
find  that  the  wealth  of  commercial  centres  contributed  in  the  earliest  times 
to  alleviate  international,  as  well  as  domestic,  calamities.  So  after  all 
the  Lord  Mayor's  fund  is  no  new  institution. 


CHAPTER   II. 

Hannibal  in  the  Rhone  Valley. 

The  first  important  event  in  Roman  history,  coming 
within  the  scope  of  this  work,  of  which  any  details  have 
been  handed  down  to  us  is  Hannibal's  invasion  of  Italy. 
It  was  this  event  which  for  the  first  time  brought  a 
Roman  army  into  the  Rhone  valley  (B.C.  218).  On 
the  outbreak  of  the  second  Punic  War,  which  they  had 
just  declared  against  Carthage,  the  Romans  hoped,  by 
despatching  armies  by  sea  to  operate  in  Sicily  and 
Spain,  that  they  might  succeed  in  keeping  the  war  out 
of  Italy.  The  Consuls  of  the  year  were  Tiberius 
Sempronius  and  Publius  Cornelius  Scipio.  To  the 
former  Sicily  was  assigned  as  his  province,  with  in- 
structions to  carry  the  war  into  Africa,  if  circumstances 
seemed  to  require  it.     Spain  fell  to  the  lot  of  Scipio. 

When  the  Carthaginians  had  lost  their  supremacy 
at  sea  and  with  it  all  hold  of  Sicily  and  Sardinia,  as 
the  result  of  their  defeat  by  the  Romans  in  the  first 
Punic  War,  they  determined  to  seek  compensation  for 
this  blow  by  extending  their  influence  and  consolidating 
their  power  in  Spain.  Although  the  Romans  clearly 
perceived  that  an  enormous  increase  of  strength  must 
inevitably  accrue  to  the  Carthaginians,  from  acquiring 
Spain  as  a  new  field  for  recruiting  their  armies,  they 
were  powerless  to  interfere,  being  fully  engaged  nearer 
home  in  a  life  and  death  contest  with  the  Cisalpine 
Gauls  on  their  flank.  Thus  Spain  became  the  Car- 
thaginian base  at  the  outset  of  the  second  Punic  War. 
H.  2 


l8  HANNIBAL   IN   THE   RHONE   VALLEY. 

His  colleague  Sempronius  having  duly  set  out  with 
his  fleet  and  army  for  Sicily  in  the  spring  of  the  year 
B.C.  218,  Scipio  was  about  to  embark  for  Spain,  when 
news  arrived  of  the  critical  state  of  affairs  in  Cisalpine 
Gaul.  For  the  origin  of  the  wars  waged  intermittently 
with  the  Cisalpine  Gauls  by  the  Romans  for  two 
centuries  before  their  final  subjugation  in  B.C.  191,  we 
must  go  back  to  the  sack  and  burning  of  Rome,  B.C. 
390 — a  disaster  brought  about  accidentally  by  the 
wanton  interference  of  Romans  in  the  struggle  between 
the  Gauls  and  Etruscans. 

For  having,  about  20  years  before,  driven  the  Etrus- 
cans from  the  Po  valley  out  of  all  but  a  few  excep- 
tionally strong  places,  such  as  Mantua,  inaccessible 
from  its  surrounding  marshes,  the  Cisalpine  Gauls,  their 
numbers  constantly  swollen  by  fresh  swarms  of  their 
Transalpine  kinsmen,  had  overflowed  first  into  Umbria, 
and  thence  through  the  passes  of  the  Apennines  into 
Etruria  proper. 

They  might  have  stopped  short  of  attacking  Rome, 
had  the  Roman  ambassadors  abstained  from  joining  in 
the  hostilities  before  Clusium.  But  once  blood  was 
shed  between  Romans  and  Gauls,  it  was  destined  to 
flow  in  a  never-ending  stream.  Sometimes  against  the 
Cisalpine  Gauls  single-handed,  at  others  against  Cis- 
alpines  banded  with  Etrurians  or  Samnites,  and  some- 
times in  alliance  with  Transalpine  Gaesatae,  or  mer- 
cenaries, the  Romans  waged  bloody  wars  with  fluctuating 
success  between  B.C.  390  and  the  final  subjugation  of  the 
Boii  by  Scipio  Nasica  B.C.  191. 

The  defeat  of  the  Romans  390  B.C.  at  the  battle  of 
the  Allia,  followed  by  the  sack  and  burning  of  Rome 
by  the  Gauls,  had  been  a  rude  beginning  of  relations 
between  the  Eternal  City  and  the  Gallic  tribes.  It  was 
a  lesson,  which  was  branded  deep  into  the  flesh  of 
Romans.  As  long  as  the  Republic  lasted,  there  was  an 
ever  present  sense  in  Roman  breasts  of  overwhelming 
danger  in  the  background  from    Gallic   invasion.     The 


CHAP.    II.  19 

subjugation  of  Gallia  Cisalpina  and  its  constitution  B.C. 
191  as  a  Roman  province  by  no  means  put  an  end  to 
their  fears.  For  what  the  Romans  really  dreaded  was 
the  vague  limitless  '  Gaul '  outside  and  wrapping  round 
Gallia  Cisalpina — itself  a  mere  reservoir  fed  by  the  vast 
ocean  of  barbarians  ahvays  ready  to  flow  over  the  Alps 
into  Italy.  This  Gaul  beyond  the  Alps  must  by  no 
means  be  confined  to  the  Roman  Province  Gallia 
Transalpina,  answering  to  modern  France.  To  be 
rightly  understood,  it  must  be  conceived  of  as  including 
all  the  countries  separated  from  Italy  by  the  whole 
semicircle  of  the  Alps.  Other  wars  waged  by  the 
Romans  were  wars,  but  Gallic  wars  were  declared 
'  tumultus,'  which  required  militar}-  service  of  old  and 
young.  A  special  fund  was  always  in  reserve  in  the 
Treasury  to  meet  the  expense  of  Gallic  irruptions — a 
fund  which  was  scrupulously  respected  and  left  un- 
touched till  Julius  Caesar  seized  it  at  the  close  of  his 
conquest  of  Gaul  on  the  ground  that  his  victories  had 
put  an  end  to  further  danger  from  that  quarter. 

To  exterminate  the  Senones,  the  nearest  of  Gallic 
settlers  to  Roman  territory,  and  wipe  out  the  insult  of 
the  burning  of  Rome,  required  a  hundred  years  of 
intermittent  fighting.  It  was  not  till  B.C.  283  that  the 
first  Roman  colony — Sena  Gallica  on  the  coast  of  the 
Adriatic — was  founded  on  soil  won  back  from  Gallic 
invaders  of  Italy. 

It  was  next  the  turn  of  the  gallant  Boii,  and  their 
allies  the  Insubres,  to  encounter  the  Roman  arms.  The 
first  period  of  the  war  against  these  tribes  had  lasted 
about  60  years,  when,  despairing  of  holding  out  longer, 
after  their  chief  centre  Mediolanum  (Milan)  had  fallen 
into  the  hands  of  the  Romans,  the  Boii  and  Insubres 
sued  for  peace,  giving  hostages  as  a  guarantee  of  ab- 
stention from  further  hostilities.  As  the  territory  of 
these  two  tribes  was  the  most  fertile  and  central  of 
Cisalpine  Gaul,  the  Romans  determined  to  plant  at 
Placentia  on  the  south  bank  of  the  Po,  and  at  Cremona 

2 — 2 


20  HANNIBAL   IN    THE   RHONE   VALLEY. 

a  few  miles  to  the  north  of  that  river,  strong  miHtary 
colonies,  which  should  hold  the  Gauls  in  check. 

Hardly  were  the  hostages  handed  over,  and  peace 
concluded,  when  emissaries  from  Hannibal  arrived  to 
announce  his  projected  invasion,  and  excite  the  Gauls 
of  the  Cisalpine  to  fresh  insurrection.  Without  hesita- 
tion, the  Gauls,  responding  to  Hannibal's  summons, 
threw  themselves  in  overwhelming  numbers  on  the  three 
Roman  commissioners,  engaged  in  the  act  of  parcelling 
out  the  confiscated  Gallic  territory  amongst  the  newly 
arrived  colonists,  6,000  of  whom  were  destined  to  occupy 
Placentia,  and  6,000  Cremona\ 

Of  neither  of  these  places  were  the  defences  suffi- 
ciently completed  to  offer  adequate  protection  to  the 
colonists,  who  were  taken  completely  by  surprise.  The 
sight  of  these  chains  forging  for  their  future  subjection 
excited  the  Gauls  to  such  a  degree,  that  they  drove  the 
commissioners  and  colonists  clean  off  the  ground  ;  they 
fled  for  their  lives  as  far  as  Mutina  (Modena),  where 
they  at  last  found  shelter. 

To  aid  in  rescuing  the  beleaguered  commissioners, 
and  in  re-establishing  Roman  authority  in  Cisalpine 
Gaul,  the  consul  Publius  Cornelius  Scipio  found  himself 
under  the  necessity  of  detaching  under  the  praetor 
Atilius  one  of  the  two  legions  with  which  he  was  about 
to  start  for  Spain.  It  was  clear  that  the  Romans  had 
got  a  Gallic,  as  well  as  a  Carthaginian,  war  on  hand.  If 
the  two  should  combine,  and  the  Gauls  find  in  Hannibal 
a  leader  capable  of  welding  their  forces  into  a  solid 
mass,  the  outlook  for  the  Romans  would  be  desperate. 
It  was  more  than  ever  urgent  to  keep  Hannibal  out  of 
Italy. 

However,  to  raise  a  new  legion  was  a  work  of  time, 
and  the  summer  was  well  advanced,  when  at  last  Scipio 
got  under  way  with  his  flotilla  of  sixty  quinquiremes, 
conveying  8,000  Roman  and  14,000  allied  infantry,  with 
600  Roman  and  1,600  allied  cavalry.    Of  Scipio's  voyage 

1  Polyb.   III.  40. 


CHAP.   II.  21 

we  read  in  Polybius  (I  quote  from  Mr  Shuckburgh's 
translation),  "Publius  Cornelius  Scipio  coasted  along 
Liguria,  and  crossing  in  five  days  from  Pisae  to  Mar- 
seilles, dropped  anchor  at  the  most  eastern  mouth  of  the 
Rhone,  called  the  mouth  of  Marseilles,  and  began  dis- 
embarking his  troops'."  From  Livy  we  learn  that  during 
the  latter  part  of  the  voyage  the  Roman  flotilla  sailed 
past  the  mountains  of  the  Salyes  (Salluvii),  and  that 
the  sea  being  rough,  the  troops  were  on  their  arrival 
incapacitated  by  sea-sickness  for  immediate  opera- 
tionsl 

From  the  classical  narratives,  one  would  be  inclined 
to  infer  that  Marseilles  was  situated  at  the  mouth  of  the 
Rhone^  As  a  matter  of  fact,  that  city  lies  at  least 
twenty  miles  to  the  eastward  of  its  most  easterly  branch, 
and  is  completely  separated  from  the  Rhone  by  the 
Etang  de  Berre,  a  vast  salt-water  lake,  and  by  several 
ranges  of  limestone  hills.  Along  the  foot  of  the  hills 
which  shut  in  the  city  of  Marseilles  on  the  north  there 
intervenes  a  sheltered  underclifif  some  five  miles  in  width, 
forming  a  picturesque  approach  to  the  sea,  in  pleasing 
contrast  to  the  bare  plateau  traversed  to  the  north  of  the 
range.  To  cultivate  and  at  the  same  time  garrison  this 
fertile  band  of  territory,  the  Phocaean  traders  took  into 
their  service  friendly  Celts,  who  served  as  a  convenient 
buffer  between  them  and  their  persistent  assailants  the 
Ligurian  Salyes.  The  city  itself  was  originally  confined 
to  the  peninsula  to  the  west  of  its  almost  land-locked 
harbour,  which  was  unconnected  with  any  fresh-water 
inlet. 

In  selecting  this  site  for  their  city,  the  Phocaeans 
shewed  the  greatest  sagacity.  For  every  Mediterranean 
river-mouth  gets  sooner  or  later  silted  up  and  rendered 
useless  as  a  harbour.     Such  is  notably  the  case  with  the 

*  Polyb.  III.  41. 

^  Livy  XXI.  26.     The  mountains  of  the  Salluvii  are  now  called  'Las 
Maures,'  extending  from  Hyeres  to  the  valley  of  the  Argens. 

8  See  Maps  of  Bouches  du  Rhone  and  Plan  of  ancient  Marseilles. 


22  HANNIBAL   IN    THE   RHONE   VALLEY. 

Rhone,  the  navigation  of  which  even  in  the  days  of 
Caius  Marius  was  so  difficult,  that  that  commander, 
while  awaiting  the  invasion  of  the  Cimbri  and  Teutones, 
had  to  cut  a  separate  channel,  by  which  to  convey 
supplies  from  the  sea  to  his  camp  on  Les  Alpines — a 
jagged  and  picturesque  range  of  hills  cutting  the  Rhone 
valley  at  a  right  angle  near  Tarascon. 

Considering  the  friendly  relations  existing  between 
the  Romans  and  Massiliots,  it  was  only  natural  that 
Scipio  should  call  at  Marseilles  on  his  way  to  Spain, 
with  the  view  of  getting  news  of  Hannibal's  latest 
movements.  Being  in  constant  communication  by 
means  of  swift  despatch  boats  with  their  important 
trading  station  Emporia,  at  the  foot  of  the  Pyrenees, 
the  Massiliots  were  well  posted  in  the  proceedings  of 
the  Carthaginians  in  that  quarter. 

Great  was  the  astonishment  and  disappointment  of 
Scipio,  when  he  learned  from  the  friendly  Massiliots 
that  their  common  enemy  Hannibal,  whom  Scipio  still 
fondly  hoped  to  encounter  in  Spain,  had  not  only 
crossed  the  Pyrenees,  but  had  already  reached  the 
Rhone.  This  must  have  happened  about  the  end  of 
July  or  early  in  August. 

Upon  receiving  this  intelligence,  Scipio  at  once 
despatched  up  the  Rhone  valley  a  cavalry  reconnais- 
sance, consisting  of  3(X)  legionary  horsemen  with  some 
of  the  friendly  Celts ^  in  the  pay  of  the  Massiliots  as 
guides,  with  orders  to  find  out  the  exact  whereabouts 
of  the  Carthaginian  army.  For  Scipio  did  not  yet 
despair  of  co-operating  with  the  Volcae  in  effectually 
opposing  Hannibal's  passage  of  the  Rhone. 

But  the  Carthaginian  general  had  again  been  too 
quick  for  the  Romans.  For  after  his  descent  from  the 
Pyrenees  on  lUiberis,  Hannibal,  by  means  of  bribes  and 
persuasion,  was  so  successful  in  winning  over  the  Gallic 
kinglets  ('  reguli ')   assembled   at   Ruscino   (Roussillon), 

^  Probably  the  Albici  referred  to  in  Caesar's  Di  Bella  Civili,  I.  c.  34, 
inhabitants  of  the  modern  city  of  Riez,  Dept.  Basses  Alpes. 


To  face  p.  23] 


CHAP.   II.  23 

that  they  not  only  allowed  him  to  pass  unmolested,  but 
supplied  him  with  timber  for  the  construction  of  rafts 
and  canoes  for  the  transport  of  his  forces  across  the 
Rhone\  However,  at  the  actual  point  of  his  crossing, 
Roquemaure,  on  a  level  with  Orange,  four  days'  march 
from  the  sea  (so  arranged  as  to  take  him  above  the 
junction  of,  and  avoid  the  difficult  passage  of,  the 
Durance  at  Avignon),  Hannibal  ultimately  found  him- 
self opposed  by  some  Volcae,  who  at  that  period  appear 
to  have  occupied  territory  on  the  left  bank  of  the 
Rhone,  opposite  their  main  settlements  on  the  right 
bank. 

To  overcome  this  show  of  opposition  to  his  passage 
of  the  Rhone  in  front,  Hannibal  sent  round  a  party, 
chiefly  consisting  of  Spaniards  under  Hanno,  to  a  point 
higher  up  the  river,  where  a  large  island  facilitated  the 
passage.  Having  crossed  successfully,  the  Spaniards 
floating  over  on  their  clothes  stretched  on  bladders, 
Hanno,  descending  the  left  bank,  threw  the  ranks  of 
the  Volcae  into  confusion  by  setting  fire  to  the  camp  in 
their  rear.  So  Hannibal  efiected  his  passage  practically 
unopposed,  the  "i^"]  elephants  being  got  over  last. 

While  the  somewhat  tedious  operation  of  conveying 
the  elephants  over  was  in  progress,  Hannibal,  who  had 
meanwhile  been  informed  of  the  disembarcation  of 
Scipio's  army  at  the  Massiliot  mouth  of  the  Rhone, 
despatched  a  body  of  500  Numidian  horsemen  to  re- 
connoitre the  enemy.  So  completely  was  the  Numidian 
rider  at  one  with  his  horse,  that  he  used  no  bridle  to 
guide  him.  Falling  in  with  the  cavalry  sent  forward  by 
Scipio,  the  Numidians  attacked  them  with  their  usual 
impetuosity.  A  desperate  melee  ensued,  in  which  about 
200  were  slain  on  either  side.  But  the  Romans  eventu- 
ally got  the  better  of  it,  and  drove  the  Numidians  back 
to  the  Carthaginian  camp.  This  was  the  first  Roman 
blood  shed  in  Transalpine  Gaul. 

While    Hannibal   hesitated    between   accepting    the 

1  Polyb.  III.  42. 


24  HANNIBAL   IN   THE   RHONE  VALLEY. 

battle  which  Scipio  was  anxious  to  force  upon  him 
and  continuing  his  march  direct  to  the  Alps,  Magalus, 
one  of  their  chiefs,  and  other  envoys  of  the  Cisalpine 
Boii,  arrived  in  camp  in  the  nick  of  time,  offering  them- 
selves as  guides,  and  protesting  their  readiness  to  share 
the  risks  of  the  passage.  As  the  envoys  of  the  Boii  had 
themselves  just  crossed  the  Alps,  their  presence  was  the 
best  proof  which  could  be  offered  to  the  hesitating 
Carthaginians  of  the  feasibility  of  the  passage.  The 
Boii,  being  in  the  habit  of  getting  over  Gaesatae  or 
Transalpine  mercenaries  to  assist  them  in  their  wars 
with  the  Romans,  naturally  made  light  of  the  difficulties 
of  the  Alps.  Yielding  to  these  representations,  the 
Carthaginians  broke  up  their  camp,  pitched  at  the  point, 
four  days'  march  from  the  sea,  where  the  crossing  of 
the  Rhone  had  been  effected.  In  four  more  days  they 
reached  the  junction  of  the  Rhone  and  the  Isere,  forming 
the  fertile  island  described  by  Polybius^  making  together 
eight  days'  march. 

From  the  present  distance  of  about  120  miles  from 
the  mouth  of  the  Rhone  to  the  so-called  island  at  its 
junction  with  the  Isere,  we  must  deduct  at  least  eight  to 
allow  for  the  alluvial  deposit  brought  down  by  the 
Rhone  in  2000  years.  This  would  leave  112  miles, 
which  at  the  rate  of  14  miles  a  day  would  just  require 
eight  days  to  accomplish.  The  four  days'  march  of  56 
miles  from  the  sea  would  thus  agree  with  fixing  the  site 
of  Hannibal's  passage  of  the  Rhone  at  the  village  of 
Roquemaure,  on  a  level  with  Orange. 

The  first  day's  march  from  Orange  northwards  lying 
across  a  level  plain,  the  Carthaginians  would  have 
encountered  no  serious  obstacle,  as  the  channels  of  the 
not-unfrequent  torrents  would  have  been  dry  in  the  late 
summer.  As  it  was  now  Hannibal's  immediate  object 
to  avoid  an  encounter  v/ith  the  Romans,  he  doubtless 
availed  himself  of  the  favourable  nature  of  the  ground 
to  put  as  great  a  distance  as  possible  between  himself 

^  Polyb.  HI.  39. 


CHAP.    II.  25 

and  Scipio  by  exceeding  his  average  marching-distance 
on  the  first  day. 

It  is  therefore  probable  that  he  pushed  on  as  far  as 
Donzere,  some  twenty  miles  north  of  Orange,  where  the 
wide  plain  of  Provence  suddenly  ceases,  and  the  Rhone 
enters  the  first  of  the  narrow  gorges  which  recur  at 
intervals  for  the  rest  of  its  course.  It  is  at  Donzere, 
where  a  picturesque  line  of  mediaeval  towers  and  forti- 
fications now  crowns  the  heights  commanding  the  en- 
trance of  the  gorge,  that  the  brightness  of  the  Midi 
ends,  or  begins,  according  to  the  direction  in  which  the 
traveller  is  proceeding. 

As  one  surveys  the  almost  limitless  plain  stretching 
southward,  and  presenting  quite  oriental  features,  one 
realizes  how  completely  the  white  burnooses  of  the 
Numidians,  the  turbans  of  the  Africans,  and  the  line 
of  the  elephants  must  have  harmonized  with  the  land- 
scape. One  reflects  too  that  if  Hannibal  had  meant 
fighting,  the  plain  was  his  opportunity  with  his  vast 
superiority  of  cavalry.  But  he  knew  how  much  de- 
pended on  his  getting  safely  over  the  Alps  before  the 
weather  broke  up,  and  wisely  determined  to  allow 
nothing  to  detain  him  on  the  lower  Rhone.  Had  he 
adhered  to  this  prudent  resolution,  instead  of  wasting 
precious  weeks  in  the  country  of  the  Allobroges, 
Hannibal  would  have  avoided  the  loss  of  half  his  army 
in  crossing  the  Alps. 

Once  the  gorge  of  Donzere  was  entered,  the  march- 
ing must  have  become  more  difficult  and  the  rate  slower. 
The  second  camping  ground  was  probably  Montelimar, 
and  the  third  the  junction  of  the  Drome  with  the  Rhone, 
between  Livron  and  Loriol.  That  no  mention  is  made 
of  even  so  considerable  a  river  as  the  Drome,  shows  how 
meagre  was  the  information  about  the  local  geography 
possessed  either  by  Polybius  or  Livy.  The  fourth  day's 
march  brought  Hannibal  to  the  junction  of  the  Isere 
with  the  Rhone — the  only  point  we  can  determine  with 
absolute  certainty  on  the  whole  march. 


26  HANNIBAL    IN    THE    RHONE   VALLEY. 

On  the  third  day  after  Hannibal  had  quitted  it, 
Scipio  arrived  in  order  of  battle  at  the  deserted  Cartha- 
ginian camp  on  the  Rhone  opposite  Roquemaure. 
Recognizing  the  hopelessness  of  overtaking  the  enemy, 
the  Roman  commander  at  once  decided  to  march  back 
to  the  mouth  of  the  Rhone.  There  he  immediately 
re-embarked  his  army,  which  he  despatched  to  Spain 
under  his  brother  Cnaeus,  realizing  the  importance  of 
cutting  Hannibal  off  from  his  base  in  that  country. 
Retaining  but  a  handful  of  followers,  Publius  Scipio 
himself  sailed  back  to  Genoa,  purposing  to  take  over 
from  the  praetors  Manlius  and  Atilius  the  legions  under 
their  orders  in  Cisalpine  Gaul.  It  was  Scipio's  intention 
to  be  ready  with  these  troops  to  oppose  Hannibal  on 
his  descent  from  the  Alps  into  the  Po  valley. 


CHAPTER   III. 

Hannibal's  passage  of  the  Alps. 

That  it  is  still  an  open  question,  and  one  which  will 
probably  never  be  cleared  up,  by  what  pass  Hannibal 
actually  crossed  the  Alps,  is  mainly  due  to  the  incom- 
petence of  Polybius  as  a  geographer  and  to  his  almost 
total  suppression  of  names,  in  spite  of  his  undertaking 
to  make  them  intelligible  to  his  readers\ 

Instead  of  invaluable  local  names,  Polybius  proceeds 
to  offer  to  his  readers  an  irrelevant  dissertation  on  the 
celestial  and  terrestrial  globes  ^ 

When  he  descends  to  particulars  he  writes,  "  The 
Rhone  rises  to  the  north-west  of  the  Adriatic  GulfV'  and 
goes  on  to  describe  the  ridges  of  the  Alps,  as  "beginning 
at  Marseilles  and  extending  up  to  the  head  of  the 
Adriatic,"  concluding  as  follows — "  I  speak  with  confi- 
dence on  these  points,  because  I  have  questioned  persons 
actually  engaged  on  the  facts,  and  have  inspected  the 
country  and  gone  over  the  Alpine  pass  myself,  in  order 
to  inform  myself  of  the  truth  and  see  with  my  own 
eyes\" 

Of  Hannibal's  passage  of  the  Iscre,  a  deep  and  con- 
siderable river  at  its  junction  with  the  Rhone  near 
Valence,  we  are  not  told  a  word.  Yet,  in  order  to  act 
as  arbitrator  between  the  rival  claims  of  the  two 
brothers  to  the  principacy  of  the  Allobroges  inhabiting 

^  Polyb.  HI.  36.  -  Polyb.  ni.  36,  37. 

"  Polyb.  HI.  47.  *  Polyb.  HI.  48. 


28  HANNIBAL'S   PASSAGE   OF   THE  ALPS. 

the  '  insula,'  to  the  north  of  that  river,  we  must  infer 
that  he  did  cross  it. 

We  are  however  told  by  Polybius^  that,  after  arriving 
at  the  junction  of  the  Rhone  and  the  Isere,  the  Cartha- 
ginians continued  to  march  for  ten  days  by  the  side  of 
"  tJie  river" — a  distance  of  800  stades  (100  miles).  Read 
in  conjunction  with  a  previous  passage^  we  must  con- 
clude that  the  Rhone  is  the  river  intended  by  Polybius. 
Yet  a  march  of  100  miles  by  that  river  would  have 
carried  Hannibal  40  miles  beyond  Lyons,  quite  out 
of  his  way  to  the  north  without  bringing  him  to  the 
foot  of  the  Alps.  No  known  writer  has  been  bold  or 
consistent  enough  to  follow  the  text  of  Polybius  in 
adopting  such  an  improbable  course.  The  truth  seems 
to  be  that  Polybius  was  mistaken  in  his  river,  but  right 
as  to  distance.  For  a  march  of  100  miles  up  the  Isere 
would  have  just  brought  Hannibal  to  the  foot  of  the 
Alps  and  the  beginning  of  his  difficulties.  He  would, 
too,  in  this  case  have  been  marching  in  the  right  direc- 
tion, viz.  east,  towards  the  Alps  and  Italy.  I  am 
therefore  decidedly  of  opinion  that  the  river  followed 
from  the  junction  was  the  Isere  and  not  the  Rhone. 

By  making  Hannibal  follow  the  course  of  the  Isere 
for  a  hundred  miles  eastwards,  I  do  not  commit  myself 
definitely  to  a  continuous  march  either  on  the  right  or 
left  bank  of  that  river.  It  is  sufficient  for  my  argument 
to  show  that  the  main  body  of  the  Carthaginian  army 
followed  the  course  of  the  Isere  for  100  Roman  miles, 
i.e.  as  far  as  its  junction  with  the  Arc  near  St  Pierre 
d'Albigny,  where  the  Mont  Cenis  Railway  branches 
from  the  Isere  Valley  to  reach  the  Alps  by  the  valley 
of  the  Arc.  I  believe  that  Hannibal  followed  precisely 
the  same  course. 

In  drawing  attention  to  the  fact  that  St  Pierre 
d'Albigny  is  just  100  miles  from  the  island  of  Polybius, 
and  precisely  on  the  direct  road  to  Turin  where  Hannibal 
is  first  heard  of,  on  emerging  from  the  Alps,  I  think 

1  Polyb.  III.  50.  2  Polyb.  III.  39. 


CHAP.   III.  29 

I  may  fairly  claim  to  have  rendered  it  more  probable 
that  the  Isere  was  the  river  followed  by  Hannibal  than 
the  Rhone. 

That  Hannibal  with  the  bulk  of  his  army  crossed  to 
the  northern  or  right  bank  of  the  Isere  and  passed  some 
time  in  the  above  mentioned  fertile  island,  must  be 
admitted  as  most  probable.  For  the  arbitration  between 
the  conflicting  claims  of  the  two  princes  and  the 
supplying  to  Hannibal's  army  a  fresh  outfit  of  arms, 
clothes  and  boots  by  the  elder  brother  Brancus  in  return 
for  the  decision  in  his  favour,  could  hardly  have  been 
conducted  outside  the  limits  of  the  country  of  the 
Allobroges. 

When,  on  the  completion  of  these  operations,  the 
Carthaginian  army  was  again  set  in  motion,  it  was 
conducted  by  the  adherents  of  Brancus  across  the  plains 
towards  the  Alps,  and  probably  recrossed  the  Isere  to 
its  left  bank  near  Grenoble.  It  was  probably  the  heights, 
which  command  that  city,  which  were  found  in  the 
hostile  occupation  of  the  unfriendly  section  of  the 
Allobroges,  which  sided  with  the  younger  brother. 

It  being  impossible  to  arrive  at  absolute  certainty  as 
to  the  actual  pass  by  which  Hannibal  crossed  the  Alps, 
we  shall  perhaps  get  nearest  the  truth  by  striking  a 
balance  between  the  accounts,  given  by  Polybius  and 
Livy  respectively,  rejecting  those  statements  in  each, 
which  are  irreconcileable  with  topographical  require- 
ments, of  which  they  were  both  very  ill  informed. 

Guided  by  these  considerations,  it  becomes  necessary 
in  my  opinion  to  reject  that  part  of  Livy's  itinerary,  by 
which  Hannibal  is  made  to  double  back  unnecessarily 
at  least  four  days'  march  to  the  south  to  the  Durance  ; 
the  difficulties  of  the  passage  of  which  shifting  river  are 
so  graphically  described  by  the  Latin  historian. 

For  it  was  the  foreknowledge  of  and  the  desire  to 
avoid  these  very  difficulties  which  originally  determined 
Hannibal  to  cross  the  Rhone  at  Roqucmaure  above 
Avignon,  just  below  which  city  the  Durance  effects  its 


30  HANNIBAL'S    PASSAGE   OF   THE   ALPS. 

junction  with  that  river.  He  would  otherwise  have 
crossed  lower  down  at  the  "Trajectus  Rhodani^" — 
between  Aries  and  Avignon — where  from  the  earliest 
times  travellers  between  Spain  and  Italy  were  ferried 
over  the  Rhone  and  where,  in  our  own  day,  travellers 
branch  from  the  main  P.L.M.  line  for  Spain.  It  seems 
then  hard  to  believe,  that  once  in  the  valley  of  the  Isere, 
four  days'  march  to  the  northward  of  the  Durance, 
Hannibal  would  have  wantonly  re-traced  his  steps  so 
far  southwards,  this  time  across  the  intricate  and  barren 
spurs  of  the  Department  of  the  Basses  Alpes. 

For  rejecting  Livy's  deflection  of  Hannibal's  march 
to  the  southward  and  passage  of  the  Durance,  we  are 
supported  by  the  authority  of  Mommsen,  who  carries 
Hannibal  up  the  Rhone  valley  towards  Lyons,  as  far  as 
Vienne,  and  thence  across  the  plains  of  the  Allobroges 
to  the  Mont  du  Chat,  bringing  him  down  by  an  abrupt 
descent  upon  the  Lac  du  Bourget, 

While  I  agree  with  Mommsen  in  rejecting  Livy's 
narrative,  I  disagree  entirely  with  him  in  bringing 
Hannibal  quite  out  of  his  way  up  into  a  narrow  trap 
between  a  bend  of  the  Rhone  and  the  Lac  du  Bourget, 
when  it  was  open  to  him  to  get  back  into  the  Isere 
Valley  over  an  easy  col  now  utilized  by  the  Lyons- 
Grenoble  railway. 

That  at  St  Pierre  d'Albigny,  a  little  above  Mont- 
melian,  Hannibal  quitted  the  Isere  for  the  Arc  valley 
seems  on  the  whole  most  probable.  This,  as  I  have 
already  observed,  is  the  course  followed  by  the  Mt 
Cenis  railway,  and  is  the  direct  line  over  the  Alps  from 
the  country  of  the  Allobroges  to  that  of  the  Taurini, 
amongst  whom,  according  to  both  Livy-  and  Polybius^ 
Hannibal  descended.  Had  Hannibal  continued  to 
follow  the  Isere  to  its  source  and  crossed  the  Little 

^  See  map,  p.  12. 

2  Livy  XXI.  38.     "  The  tribe  that  he  first  encountered  on  his  descent 
into  Italy  were  the  Taurini "  (Church  and  Brodribb's  Translation). 
^  Polybius,  quoted  by  Strabo,  p.  209. 


CHAP.    III.  31 

St  Bernard,  he  must  have  descended  on  Aosta,  the 
country  of  the  Salassi.  It  was  over  the  Little  St  Bernard 
that  the  first  carriage  road  was  constructed  over  the  Alps. 

Those  authors  who  adopt  the  Pass  of  the  Mt  Genevre 
ignore  the  fact  that  Pompey,  who  first  opened  up  that 
pass  on  his  road  to  Spain,  expressly  states  in  his  letter 
to  the  Senate  to  be  found  in  Sallust  {Belluin  Jiigur- 
thimim,  Teubner  edition,  appendix)  that  it  was  not  the 
route  followed  by  Hannibal. 

While  for  the  general  topographical  reasons  stated 
above,  I  incline  on  the  whole  to  accept  one  or  other  of 
the  Mt  Cenis  passes,  as  that  crossed  by  Hannibal,  I 
cannot  shut  my  eyes  to  the  strong  claims  of  the  Col  de 
I'Argentiere,  if  the  question  is  to  be  decided  by  the 
authority  of  texts  alone. 

If  Livy  is  to  be  mainly  relied  upon,  I  consider  that 
his  narrative,  of  which  the  passage  of  the  Durance  forms 
a  striking  feature,  fits  in  with  the  Col  de  I'Argentiere 
much  better  than  with  the  Mt  Genevre.  For  had  the 
Mt  Genevre  been  the  pass  intended  by  Livy,  there  would 
have  been  no  occasion  to  cross  the  Durance  at  all.  For 
on  striking  the  Durance  valley,  after  surmounting  the 
pass  separating  it  from  that  of  the  Drac,  Hannibal 
would  have  naturally  marched  up  the  right  bank  of 
the  Durance  to  its  source  in  the  Mt  Genevre.  Whereas 
he  must  have  crossed  it  (as  described  by  Livy),  to  get 
to  the  Col  de  I'Argentiere. 

I  admit  that,  as  Mr  Douglas  Freshfield  forcibly 
shows  in  his  Alpine  Pass  of  Hannibal^,  one  must  either 
reject  the  evidence  of  Varro  or  accept  the  Col  de 
I'Argentiere.  For  in  the  enumeration  of  the  five  passes" 
known  to  the  Romans  of  his  day  {i.e.  the  latter  years 
of  the  republic),  Varro's  No.  2  can  refer  to  no  other  than 
the  Col  de  I'Argentiere.  On  the  other  hand  No.  2  in 
the  order  of  the  four  passes  named    by  Polybius^  of 

1  Proceedings  of  the  Royal  Geographical  Society,  October  No.  1886. 
^  Preserved  by  Servius  on  I'irg.  Aen.  X.  p.  13. 
3  Quoted  by  Strabo,  p.  209. 


32  HANNIBAL'S   PASSAGE   OF   THE  ALPS. 

which  Mr  Freshfield  makes  no  mention,  expressly  speci- 
fies the  descent  of  Hannibal  on  Turin,  and  therefore 
cannot  apply  to  the  Col  de  I'Argentiere,  which  leads  by 
the  valley  of  the  Stura  to  Cuneo — fifty-five  miles  south 
of  Turin. 

In  order  to  assist  the  reader  to  understand  the  whole 
question,  I  subjoin  the  two  lists  of  the  western  passes  of 
the  Alps  used  by  the  Romans,  with  their  modern  names. 

Five  Passes  of  Varro.  Four  Passes  of  Polybius. 

(In  both  lists  the  numbering  is  from  South  to  North.) 

(i)     Una   quae   est  juxta  mare  (a)     8ia  Aiyuuv  fxkv  tt]v  i-yyiara. 

per  Ligures.  r(^  Hvpp7]vi.K(^  TreXdyei. 

(Cornice    or    Alpes    Mari-  (Cornice    or    Alpes    Mari- 

times.     Turbia  pass.)  times.     Turbia  pass.) 

(2)  Ahera  qua  Hannibal  trans-  (/3)  eTraTTivdiaTavpivuv  (Turin) 
iit.  TJJ'  ^Auvi^as  diijXdev. 

(Coldel'Argentiere.  Ubaye-  (Mt  CenisorMont  Genevre.) 

Stura  valleys.)  (7)     etra  rrjv  dia  "ZaXdcra-uv. 

(3)  Tertia  qua  Pompeius  ad  (Petit  St  Bernard  and  the 
Hispaniense  bellum  profectus  est.  Val  d'Aoste.) 

(Mont  Genevre.    Durance-  (5)     elra  rrjv  dia  'FairQv. 

Doria  Riparia  valleys.)  (Brenner.) 

(4)  Quarta,  qua  Hasdrubal  de 
Gallia  in  Italiam  venit.    (Mt  Cenis.) 

(5)  Quinta   quae    quondam    a 
Graecis  possessa  est. 

(Petit  St  Bernard  and  Val 
d'Aoste  (Doria  Baltea).)i 

To  Livy,  who  wrote  in  the  reign  of  Augustus,  more 
than  a  century  after  Polybius,  from  whom  he  borrowed 
the  main  features  of  his  narrative,  though  he  diverged 
from  him  so  v/idely  in  bringing  Hannibal  down  to  the 
Durance,  we  are  indebted  for  the  few  invaluable  names 
preserved  in  connection  with  Hannibal's  march  from  the 
Pyrenees  to  the  Alps.  It  is  in  Livy  that  we  find 
recorded  the  names  of  the  townships  lUiberis,  Ruscino, 

^  The  modern  name  Aosta  is  derived  from  the  ancient  Augusta 
Praetoria, — so  called  from  the  fact  that  Augustus  made  it  a  station  of  his 
Praetorian  cohorts.  The  .Salassi — the  inhabitants  of  the  Val  d'Aoste — paid 
the  penalty  for  having  stolen  the  Emperor's  baggage  by  being  sold  as  slaves. 


CHAP.   III.  33 

and  of  the  tribes  of  the  Volcae,  Tricastini,  Vocontii, 
and  Tricorii.  But  it  is  strange  that  no  mention  should 
be  made  of  the  important  confederation  of  the  Cavari, 
occupying  the  left  bank  of  the  Rhone  above  the  Durance, 
through  whose  territory  lay  Hannibal's  four  days'  march 
from  the  passage  of  the  Rhone  to  its  junction  with  the 
Isere\ 

Neither  the  Greek  nor  the  Latin  historian  attempts 
any  description  of  the  physical  features  of  the  Rhone 
valley,  nor  enlivens  his  narrative  by  any  reference  to 
the  mode  of  life,  or  degree  of  civilization  attained  by 
the  natives.  We  get  no  general  information,  such  as 
Herodotus,  Caesar,  or  Strabo  would  have  afforded.  We 
are  left  completely  in  the  dark  as  to  the  existence  of 
any  native  settlements  at  Nimes,  Aries,  Avignon  or 
Vienne,  though  all  those  places  must  have  been  of 
considerable  importance.  Of  the  latter  place,  as  the 
chief  settlement  of  the  Allobroges,  and  presumably  the 
depot  whence  were  drawn  the  arms  and  clothes  supplied 
by  Brancus  to  Hannibal,  we  should  at  least  have 
expected  some  mention.  To  have  sufficed  to  fit  out 
50,000  infantry  and  12,000  cavalry,  of  which  Hannibal's 
army  in  the  Rhone  valley  consisted,  the  factories  of  the 
Allobroges  must  have  been  very  extensive. 

Although  we  get  no  precise  information  on  the  point 
from  either  Polybius  or  Livy,  it  seems  certain  that 
Hannibal  must  have  been  considerably  delayed  in  the 
country  of  the  Allobroges  by  the  business  of  arbitrating 
between  the  contending  brothers  and  of  refitting  his 
army.  He  paid  dearly  for  this  expenditure  of  precious 
time.  For  his  passage  of  the  Alps,  which  a  month  earlier 
would  have  been  accomplished  with  comparative  ease, 
as  far  as  the  elements  were  concerned,  proved  from  the 
break-up  of  the  weather  so  disastrous,  that  more  than 
half  his  army  perished. 

^  The  Cavari  occupied  riparian  territory  on  the  E.  of  the  Rhone, 
between  the  Isere  and  the  Durance,  while  the  Ligurian  Vocontii  occupied 
a  parallel  zone  across  the  spurs  of  the  Alps. 

H-  3 


34  HANNIBAL'S    PASSAGE   OF   THE   ALPS. 

Of  the  50,000  infantry  and  1 2,000  cavalry  with  which 
Hannibal  approached  the  Alps,  only  20,000  infantry 
(viz.  12,000  Africans  and  8000  Spaniards)  and  6000 
cavalry  survived  to  reach  Italy.  As,  partly  owing  to 
the  supineness  of  the  Carthaginian  Government,  partly 
to  the  Roman  superiority  at  sea,  Hannibal  appears  to 
have  received  no  reinforcements  either  from  Spain  or 
Africa  till  after  the  battle  of  Cannae,  two  years  later, 
(B.C.  216),  it  is  certain  that  the  bulk  of  the  so-called 
Carthaginian  armies  with  which  he  gained  his  greatest 
victories  over  the  Romans  consisted  of  Gauls  and  Li- 
cfurians.  At  Cannae  alone  Hannibal's  losses  consisted 
of  4000  of  the  latter  to  only  1500  Spaniards  and 
Africans  ^ 

In  spite,  however,  of  the  warmth  of  their  invitation 
to  Hannibal  to  come  amongst  them  and  the  protesta- 
tions of  their  readiness  to  flock  to  his  standard,  the 
Cisalpine  Gauls  at  first  held  aloof,  probably  deterred 
by  the  presence  of  the  superior  forces  of  the  Romans. 
The  cavalry  encounter  near  the  river  Ticinus,  to  which 
the  narrow  escape  of  the  consul  Publius  Scipio,  badly 
wounded  in  the  affray  and  rescued  by  the  gallantry  of 
his  son,  the  future  Scipio  Africanus,  lent  its  chief  im- 
portance, was  not  in  itself  decisive  enough  to  change 
the  attitude  of  the  Gauls.  But,  after  the  victory  of  the 
Carthaginians  at  the  Trebia,  to  which  the  desertion  of  a 
Gallic  contingent  serving  under  the  Romans  largely 
contributed,  the  ever-dwindling  force  of  Hannibal  was 
recruited  by  sixty  thousand  Gauls  and  Ligurians.  With 
this  swollen  army,  in  defiance  of  the  season — it  was  the 
depth  of  winter — Hannibal  pushed  on  up  the  valley  of 
the  Trebia  into  the  heart  of  the  Apennines,  hoping  to 
descend  upon  Etruria  by  the  valley  of  the  Magra,  and 
to  excite  that  province  to  revolt  against  the  Romans. 
But  the  violence  of  the  wind  and  the  intensity  of  the 
cold  exceeding  even  his  Alpine  experiences,  compelled 
him  to  desist  and  retrace  his  steps  down  the  Trebia  to 

1  Polyb.  ni.  117. 


CHAP.   III.  35 

within  ten  miles  of  Placentia,  where  the  Roman  legions 
were  recovering  from  their  recent  defeat. 

In  spite  of  their  sorry  plight,  the  Carthaginians  on 
the  following  day  offered  battle,  which  was  again  readily 
accepted  by  the  consul  Sempronius — the  same  com- 
mander whose  rashness  had  occasioned  the  defeat  of  the 
Trebia. 

On  this  occasion,  however,  the  fighting,  which  was 
exceptionally  desperate  at  the  outset,  was  prematurely 
put  a  stop  to  by  nightfall,  and  led  to  no  decisive  result. 
Failing  in  his  attempt  to  get  possession  of  Placentia, 
Hannibal  withdrew  into  Liguria  (whether  the  Liguria 
to  the  north  or  south  of  the  Apennines  is  not  expressly 
stated),  where  he  passed  the  remainder  of  his  first  winter 
in  Italy\ 

Having  followed  Hannibal  from  the  foot  of  the 
Pyrenees  into  Liguria,  we  must  take  leave  of  him  there 
in  the  late  winter  of  B.C.  218  or  the  early  spring  of  217. 

1    Livy,  XXI.  59. 


3—2 


CHAPTER    IV. 

Invasions  of  Cisalpine  Gaul  and  Liguria  by 
Hasdrubal  and  Mago. 

For  the  next  ten  years  of  the  second  Punic  War, 
B.C.  217 — 208,  during  which  the  Romans  were  actively- 
engaged  with  Hannibal  in  central  and  southern  Italy, 
nothing  of  importance  occurred  in  the  regions  within  the 
range  of  this  work.  But  the  spring  of  B.C.  207  is  notable 
for  the  rapid  march  of  Hasdrubal  from  Spain  through 
the  western  passes  of  the  Pyrenees  into  Gaul,  and  across 
the  Rhone  valley  to  the  Alps.  On  this  occasion,  not 
only  did  the  Gauls,  as  Livy  tells  us\  everywhere  receive 
him  favourably,  but  contingents  of  the  powerful  Arverni 
and  other  tribes  followed  him  into  Italy. 

The  Alpine  nations  too,  who  had  given  Hannibal  so 
much  trouble,  allowed  Hasdrubal  to  pass  unmolested, 
realizing  by  this  time  that  the  Carthaginians  only  wanted 
a  road  through  the  Alps  by  the  passage  which  Hannibal 
had  opened  up,  probably  over  the  Mont  Cenis.  For  the 
Durance  valley  route,  as  I  explained  in  the  preceding 
chapter,  leading  over  the  Mont  Genevre  pass  from  the 
lower  Rhone  valley,  lay  much  too  far  south  to  have  ever 
served  as  a  convenient  passage  from  central  Gaul  into 
Italy. 

When  the  news  of  Hasdrubal's  unexpected  arrival 
in  the  valley  of  the  Po,  and  of  a  contingent  of  8000 
Ligurians  being  prepared  to  join  him,  was  sent  to  Rome 
by  L.   Porcius,  the   praetor,  who   commanded    a   weak 

^  Livy,  XXVII.  39. 


CHAP.   IV.  37 

force  in  Cisalpine  Gaul,  the  greatest  consternation  pre- 
vailed. If  the  junction  between  Hasdrubal  and  Hannibal 
could  only  be  effected,  the  Romans,  barely  able  to  hold 
their  ground  against  Hannibal  alone,  must  inevitably  be 
crushed. 

If  Hasdrubal  had  only  pushed  on  at  once,  there  was 
nothing  to  have  stopped  him  from  joining  his  brother. 
But  his  evil  star  drove  him  to  waste  the  precious  time 
gained  by  his  rapid  march,  in  laying  siege  to  the  now 
impregnable  fortress  of  Placentia,  which,  even  with  its  in- 
complete defences,  had  defied  Hannibal  ten  years  earlier. 
It  was  this  delay  which  enabled  the  consul  Claudius  Nero, 
who  commanded  against  Hannibal  in  southern  Italy, 
to  form  and  carry  out  the  daring  conception  of  rapidly 
transporting  7000  of  his  picked  troops  to  reinforce  his 
plebeian  colleague  Livius,  who  with  an  inadequate 
force  was  fearfully  awaiting  Hasdrubal's  advance  in 
Umbria.  It  was  the  crushing  defeat  of  Hasdrubal  at 
the  battle  of  the  river  Metaurus,  resulting  from  this 
brilliant  manoeuvre,  which  practically  decided  the  second 
Punic  War  in  favour  of  the  Romans,  However,  in  the 
summer  of  B.C.  205,  two  years  after  the  defeat  and  death 
of  Hasdrubal,  while  Hannibal  still  held  on  to  the 
Lacinian  promontory  in  Bruttii,  the  Carthaginians  de- 
termined to  make  one  more  attempt  to  create  a  diversion 
in  Liguria  by  exciting  a  rising  of  Ligurians  and  Gauls. 

This  time  it  was  to  be  the  turn  of  the  youngest 
brother  Mago  to  try  his  hand  at  retrieving  the  failing 
fortunes  of  Hannibal.  Thrice,  in  the  first  year  of  the 
war,  had  Mago  distinguished  himself  by  his  daring. 
First,  after  the  cavalry  engagement  on  the  Ticino,  where 
Publius  Scipio  was  wounded  and  driven  back,  it  was 
Mago  who  had  swum  the  Po  with  his  Numidians  in 
pursuit  of  the  retreating  enemy ;  at  the  Trebia,  it  was 
he  who  decided  the  battle  by  rising  in  the  rear  of  the 
Romans  from  ambush,  and  throwing  them  into  confu- 
sion ;  and  it  was  Mago  to  whom  Hannibal  confided  the 
hard  task   of  keeping  the  Gallic  contingent  up  to  the 


38      INVASIONS   OF   CISALPINE   GAUL   AND    LIGURIA. 

mark  in  the  trying  march  through  the  Etruscan  marshes, 
which  cost  Hannibal  the  loss  of  an  eye. 

SaiHng  from  the  island  of  Minorca,  where  he  had 
passed  the  winter,  with  30  war-ships  and  a  fleet  of 
transports  conveying  12,000  infantry,  2000  cavalry,  and 
a  number  of  elephants,  Mago  made  a  sudden  descent  on 
Genoa,  which  he  captured  without  striking  a  blow'. 
However,  not  feeling  strong  enough  to  retain  possession 
of  so  important  a  place — for,  like  Marseilles,  Genoa  was 
in  intimate  alliance  with  Rome,  and  used  as  a  friendly 
port  by  the  Romans — he  set  fire  to  the  town  and  with- 
drew with  his  rich  booty  to  Savona,  where  he  deposited 
it  in  the  custody  of  his  allies,  the  Ligures  Alpini. 

At  this  time  the  Ligurians  of  the  Western  Riviera 
were  engaged  in  internecine  warfare.  The  lowland 
Ingauni — a  comparatively  civilized  tribe  occupying  the 
coast  at  Albenga,  were  at  war  with  the  Epanterii — a 
highland  people  dwelling  among  the  Ligurian  Alps. 
By  making  an  alliance  with  the  Ingauni  Mago  secured 
at  once  a  footing  on  the  coast  and  access  to  the  pass 
over  the  Apennines  by  the  valley  of  the  Centa,  which 
falls  into  the  sea  at  Albenga.  His  first  step  was  doubt- 
less to  seize  the  rocky  island  of  Gallinara,  which  lies 
like  a  guardship  off  the  shore. 

Occupying  the  widest  and  most  fertile  plain  to  be 
met  with  on  the  whole  Riviera,  the  Ingauni  could  always 
supply  the  necessaries  of  life  to  coasting  navigation, 
and  were  brought  earlier  into  contact  with  traders  than 
their  less  fortunate  neighbours.  It  was  for  this  reason 
that  Mago  selected  Albenga  for  the  base  of  his  opera- 
tions, reckoning  on  finding  there  abundance  of  corn, 
fresh  food,  and  forage,  of  which  his  men  and  beasts  must 
have  stood  in  urgent  need  after  their  long  sea  voyage. 

Joining  in  a  successful  attack  on  the  Epanterii 
Montani,  Mago  got  his  share  of  the  prisoners  captured, 
whom  he  at  once  despatched  to  Carthage  with  the 
plunder  secured  at  Genoa,  being  anxious  to  lose  no  time 

1  Livy,  XXVIII.  46. 


CHAP.  IV.  39 

in  sending  home  proof  of  the  success  of  his  expedition. 
Unluckily,  however,  for  him,  80  of  his  merchantmen 
were  made  prizes  by  the  Roman  admiral,  Cnaeus 
Octavius,  who  kept  a  sharp  look-out  from  his  station  off 
the  island  of  Sardinia. 

While  Mago  still  lay  with  his  fleet  off  Albenga  he 
received  direct  from  Carthage  a  reinforcement  of  ships 
and  men,  which  contrived  to  escape  the  vigilance  of  the 
Roman  admiral.  On  the  strength  of  this  accession  of 
strength,  the  Carthaginian  general  at  once  summoned  a 
council  of  the  chiefs  of  the  Gauls  and  Ligurians,  of  both 
of  which  nationalities  an  immense  host  had  flocked  into 
Albenga \ 

Addressing  the  assembled  chiefs,  and  pointing  to  the 
ships  just  arrived  from  Carthage,  as  a  proof  of  the 
determination  of  his  government  to  assist  them  to  the 
utmost  of  its  power  in  attaining  their  independence  of 
the  Romans,  Mago  strongly  urged  the  immediate  enrol- 
ment of  the  largest  possible  force  of  Gauls  and  Ligurians. 

To  this  appeal,  however,  neither  Gauls  nor  Ligurians 
responded  with  much  alacrity.  While  both  nationalities 
professed  willingness  to  assist,  the  Gauls  begged  to  be 
allowed  to  aid  secretly  in  supplying  stores,  while  the 
Ligurians  asked  for  two  months'  delay  before  enlisting 
fresh  soldiers. 

It  must  have  soon  become  clear  to  Mago  that  neither 
Gauls  nor  Ligurians  were  as  ripe  for  revolt  or  as  ready 
to  take  up  arms  as  the  Carthaginian  government  had 
reckoned  on.  Having  astutely  availed  themselves  of 
Mago's  assistance  in  their  campaign  against  their  high- 
land enemies  the  Epanterii,  the  Ingauni  considered  that 
they  had  had  enough  of  fighting  for  that  year  (B.C.  205). 

Like  their  neighbours  the  Gauls,  the  Ligurians  were 
averse  to  sustained  efforts  or  prolonged  campaigns. 
More  than  once  Roman  armies  had  been  saved  from 
annihilation  by  the  withdrawal  of  the  Transalpine 
Gaesatae,  bent  on  lodging  safely  at  home,  or  immedi- 

1  Livy,  XXIX.  5. 


40      INVASIONS  OF   CISALPINE  GAUL  AND   LIGURIA. 

ately  enjoying  the  booty  of  a  first  victory.  Irresistible 
in  their  first  onslaughts,  the  Gauls  failed  in  the  long  run 
to  reap  any  permanent  fruit  from  the  terror  with  which 
they  inspired  the  Romans  at  first. 

As  far  as  we  can  gather  from  Livy,  the  year  B.C.  204 
also  passed  without  any  active  hostilities  taking  place, 
although  we  read  of  the  "  imperium"  of  the  commanders 
M.  Livius  and  Spurius  Lucretius  being  prolonged  for 
the  purpose  of  opposing  Mago's  expected  invasion  of 
Gallia  Cisalpina.  At  all  events,  it  was  not  till  the 
following  year,  B.C.  203,  by  which  time  Mago  had 
crossed  the  Apennines^  and  penetrated  into  the  territory 
of  the  Insubres,  that  a  decisive  battle  was  fought. 

M.  Livius  and  Spurius  Lucretius  had  by  this  time 
given  up  their  commands  to  Quinctilius  Varus  and 
M.  Cornelius,  whose  united  forces  consisted  of  16,000 
Roman  and  28,000  allied  infantry,  with  about  3600 
cavalry. 

We  are  not  told  what  numbers  Mago  was  able  to 
get  together  to  oppose  to  the  Romans.  The  battle, 
however,  was  most  obstinately  contested,  and  the  issue 
doubtful  up  to  the  last.  It  was  begun  by  the  infantry, 
which  on  both  sides  held  its  ground  tenaciously,  the 
advantage  being  rather  on  the  side  of  the  Carthaginians. 
Observing  this,  the  praetor  Quinctilius  seized  the  occa- 
sion to  hurl  the  whole  of  his  cavalry  on  the  unbroken 
ranks  of  the  enemy.  Led  by  his  high-spirited  son 
Marcus,  the  Roman  cavalry  charged  home  and  were 
carrjn'ng  all  before  them,  when  Mago  opportunely 
brought  up  his  elephants.  Terrified  by  the  trumpeting 
and  smell  of  the  monstrous  brutes,  the  Roman  horses, 
becoming  unmanageable,  galloped  back  into  the  ranks 

^  Two  passes — those  of  Pieve  de  Teco  and  Santo  Bernardo — lead  from 
Albenga  across  the  Apennines  into  Piedmont.  The  former  pass  may  also 
be  reached  from  Oneglia.  Both  passes  lead  into  the  valley  of  the  Tanaro. 
I  reached  the  summit  of  the  San  Bernardo  after  a  delightful  three  hours' 
drive  from  Albenga.  The  view  here  given  was  taken  at  a  point  midway 
between  the  coast  and  the  top  of  the  pass. 


[  To  face  p.  40 


CHAP.   IV.  41 

of  the  infantry,  pursued  by  the  Numidians,  whose  dis- 
charges of  javelins  told  with  deadly  effect  on  the 
confused  ranks  of  the  Romans. 

Having  so  far  borne  the  chief  brunt  of  the  fighting, 
the  1 2th  Roman  legion  was  now  reduced  to  a  skeleton, 
and  would  have  been  swept  off  the  ground,  to  which  it 
clung  more  from  shame  than  from  strength^  (as  Livy 
picturesquely  expresses  it),  had  not  the  13th  legion, 
which  had  been  kept  in  reserve,  come  up  to  the  rescue. 
Upon  this  Mago,  on  his  side,  brought  up  his  reserve, 
consisting  of  Gauls.  These,  however,  proved  no  match 
for  the  fresh  legion,  which  promptly  changed  the  aspect 
of  affairs.  Warding  off  the  down  stroke  of  the  Gallic 
swords  with  their  spears,  and  driving  back  the  elephants 
by  discharging  their  pila  into  them  at  close  quarters,  the 
gallant  13th  promptly  cleared  the  ground  of  the  enemy 
in  front  of  them. 

Now  was  the  time  for  a  fresh  cavalry  charge,  which 
was  brilliantly  executed.  But  the  battle  was  not  yet 
won.  As  long  as  Mago  was  there  to  direct  operations 
his  Carthaginian  infantry  maintained  the  advantage  it 
had  gained,  in  spite  of  the  disorder  occasioned  by  the 
flight  of  the  Gauls  and  the  elephants.  When,  however, 
the  brave  Mago  fell  at  his  post  before  the  standard, 
fainting  from  loss  of  blood,  his  thigh  pierced  through, 
there  was  no  one  left  to  rally  round,  and  Carthaginians, 
Gauls,  and  Ligurians  were  mingled  in  common  flight. 
On  the  Carthaginian  side  the  killed  amounted  to  5000  ; 
on  the  Roman  to  2300,  chiefly  belonging  to  the  12th 
legion. 

When  darkness  set  in  the  wounded  Mago  was  borne 
off  the  field  and  carried,  as  rapidly  as  the  nature  of  his 
wound  admitted  of,  up  the  valley  of  the  Tanaro  and  over 
the  Col  de  San  Bernardo  to  his  ships,  which  still  lay  off 
Albenga.  There  he  found  awaiting  him  Carthaginian 
envoys,  sent  to  summon  him  back  to  Africa,  where  every 

^  Livy,  XXX.  18,  "pudore  magis  quam  viribus." 


42      INVASIONS   OF   CISALPINE   GAUL   AND   LIGURIA. 

soldier  was  now  required  to  cope  with  the  desperate 
situation  at  home. 

Having  suffered  grievously,  in  his  wounded  state, 
from  the  shaking  inseparable  from  his  transport  over  the 
mountains,  Mago  was  in  no  condition  to  turn  a  deaf  ear 
to  the  orders  from  Carthage.  The  enemy  too  was 
pressing  on  his  heels,  and  the  Ingauni,  finding  them- 
selves about  to  be  abandoned  by  the  Carthaginians,  were 
naturally  disposed  to  make  the  best  terms  they  could 
with  the  Romans.  So  Mago,  having  hurriedly  embarked 
his  troops,  had  himself  carried  on  shipboard,  and  set  sail 
for  Carthage,  hoping  that  the  sea-voyage  would  alleviate 
the  suffering  of  land  carriage.  But  his  wound  proved 
fatal  when  off  the  southern  point  of  Sardinia.  Thus  died 
Mago,  Hannibal's  youngest  brother  and  third  son  of 
Hamilcar  Barca. 

Just  after  his  death  some  of  the  Carthaginian  vessels, 
getting  separated  from  the  main  flotilla,  were  captured 
by  the  Roman  admiral,  who  had  now  a  fleet  of  40 
cruisers  under  his  orders.  About  the  same  time,  i.e. 
towards  the  end  of  the  year  B.C.  203,  also  in  obedience 
to  the  summons  of  the  Carthaginian  senate,  Hannibal, 
after  sixteen  years'  struggle  with  the  Romans  in  Italy, 
abandoned  his  impregnable  lines  on  the  Lacinian  pro- 
montory— a  sort  of  Italian  Torres  Vedras — and  set  sail 
for  Carthage. 

Only  four  years  before  Hannibal  had  received  the 
first  intimation  of  the  defeat  and  death  of  Hasdrubal  by 
the  horrible  spectacle  of  his  brother's  head  hurled  into 
his  camp  by  the  Romans.  And  now,  by  the  death  of  his 
younger  brother  Mago,  who  had  died  at  sea  at  no  great 
distance  from  Hannibal's  flotilla,  his  last  hope  was 
shattered.  So  Hannibal  landed  in  Africa  with  a  heavy 
heart  to  meet  his  crushing  and  final  defeat  at  Zama  at 
the  hands  of  Scipio  Africanus,  son  of  the  Publius  Cor- 
nelius Scipio  who  had  failed  to  intercept  him  in  the 
Rhone  valley  sixteen  years  before. 

By  the  terms  of  the  treaty  of  peace  concluded  with 


CHAP.   IV.  43 

Carthage  at  the  close  of  the  second  Punic  War,  B.C.  202, 
the  Carthaginians  bound  themselves  to  abstain  from 
further  inter\'ention  in  the  Cisalpine  Province  and  Li- 
guria.  It  was  therefore  with  the  utmost  astonishment 
that  in  B.C.  200  the  news  was  brought  to  Rome  of  a 
general  insurrection  of  Gauls  and  Ligurians  at  the  insti- 
gation of  another  Carthaginian  leader  named  Hamilcar. 

This  officer,  who  had  been  left  behind  either  by 
Hasdrubal  or  Mago,  observing  the  weakened  state  of 
the  Roman  garrisons  in  the  Cisalpine  Province,  in  con- 
sequence of  the  outbreak  of  the  Macedonian  war,  con- 
ceived the  daring  plan  of  seizing  Placentia  ^nd  Cremona. 
Throwing  himself  with  a  mixed  multitude  upon  Placentia, 
so  suddenly  that  there  was  not  even  time  to  shut  the 
gates,  Hamilcar  carried  the  place  by  storm  and  set  fire 
to  the  city,  taking  prisoners  the  2000  inhabitants  who 
escaped  from  the  flames \  In  a  few  hours  the  great 
Roman  stronghold  in  the  north,  which  had  successfully 
resisted  the  attacks  of  both  Hannibal  and  Hasdrubal, 
was  reduced  to  a  heap  of  ashes. 

Crossing  the  Po  and  pressing  on  to  Cremona,  some 
twenty-five  miles  distant  (the  two  places  are  now  con- 
nected by  a  steam  tramway),  Hamilcar  found  the  gates 
shut  and  the  walls  manned,  the  garrison  having  been 
warned  of  his  approach  in  time.  Instead  of  carrying  the 
place  by  storm  as  he  had  hoped,  he  was  reduced  to 
laying  siege  to  it,  a  tedious  operation  by  no  means  to 
the  taste  of  his  Gallic  and  Ligurian  followers.  This 
gave  breathing  time  to  the  Romans,  who,  by  means  of 
extraordinary  levies,  got  together  a  sufficient  force  to 
advance  to  the  relief  of  Cremona. 

A  pitched  battle,  ending  in  the  complete  victory  of 
the  Romans,  was  fought  under  the  walls.  Their  leader 
Hamilcar  being  killed,  the  Gallic  and  Ligurian  host 
went  to  pieces,  and  the  Cisalpine  Province  was  once 
more  recovered.  The  two  thousand  colonists,  taken 
prisoners  by  Hamilcar   at   Placentia,  were  restored   to 

'  Livy,  XXXI.  10. 


44       INVASIONS   OF   CISALPINE   GAUL  AND   LIGURIA. 

their  former  homes,  and  the  city  sprang  up  from  its 
ruins.  Thus  Placentia  recovered  its  position  as  the  great 
Roman  centre  in  the  Cisalpine  Province. 

After  the  death  of  Hamilcar  the  Gauls  and  Ligurians 
of  Gallia  Cisalpina  received  no  further  outside  assistance 
in  their  resistance  to  the  Romans.  We  hear  no  more  of 
their  invitations  to  Transalpine  Gaesatae  to  come  over 
to  share  in  the  spoils  of  Italy,  nor  of  the  presence  of 
Carthaginian  emissaries  amongst  them.  But  the  Boii 
held  out  for  another  ten  years.  At  last,  in  the  year 
B.C.  191,  the  consul  Scipio  Xasica,  whose  father  Cnaeus 
thirty  years  earlier  had  inflicted  a  decisive  blow  on  their 
allies,  the  Insubres,  achieved  the  distinction  of  putting 
an  end  to  the  resistance  of  the  Boii. 

Brilliant  as  was  the  victory  won  by  Scipio  Nasica,  it 
was  sullied  by  the  excessive  cruelty  displayed  in  the 
extermination  of  his  valiant  opponents.  For  Scipio  was 
not  ashamed  to  boast  that  he  had  left  only  old  men  and 
boys  alive.  According  to  Strabo,  the  entire  remainder 
of  the  Boii  sought  fresh  and  distant  homes  on  the  banks 
of  the  Danube^  In  any  case,  this  was  the  end  of  the 
Boii  as  a  fighting  power  in  Italy,  and  the  end  of  organ- 
ised Gallic  resistance  to  the  Romans  in  the  valley  of 
the  Po. 

The  triumph  of  Scipio  Nasica  was  the  necessary 
complement  of  that  of  his  cousin  Scipio  Africanus  over 
Hannibal  and  the  Carthaginians  eleven  years  earlier. 
The  Romans  were  now  at  last  completely  freed  from 
the  supreme  danger  of  a  successful  coalition  between 
their  two  most  dreaded  foes.  One  half  of  the  territory 
of  the  Boii  was  immediately  confiscated,  and  within  a 
few  years  the  colonies  of  Bononia,  Mutina,  and  Parma 
became  centres  of  Roman  civilization.  It  is  from  the 
victory  of  Scipio  Nasica,  B.C.  191,  that  we  must  date 
the  real  beginning  of  Roman  administration  in  Gallia 
Cisalpina,  with  which  province  Liguria  was  at  first 
officially  included. 

^  Strabo,  p.  212. 


CHAPTER   V. 

The  Ligurians. 

Before  entering  upon  the  subject  of  the  wars  waged 
by  the  Romans  against  the  Ligurians  single-handed, 
I  must  draw  the  special  attention  of  the  reader  to  the 
claims  which  this  much  neglected  race  can  justly  make 
to  our  notice. 

Having  been  settled  for  upwards  of  3000  years  in 
their  present  possessions,  along  the  north-western  shores 
of  the  Mediterranean,  the  Ligurians  can  boast  of  being 
probably  the  oldest  family  and  the  purest  blood  in 
Western  Europe. 

The  late  Karl  Mlillenhof  in  his  authoritative  work 
Deutsche  AlterUimsktuide^ ,  now  appearing  in  a  new  edition 
(Berlin),  writes  of  the  Ligurians  of  the  Riviera : 

"  Die  Liguren  waren  hier  alter  als  die  Kelten  in 
Gallien  und  die  Ausoner  (Latiner,  Umbrer,  Osker)  in 
Italien. 

"Sie  gehorten,  wie  die  Raeter  in  Tirol,  und  die  Iberer 
an  den  Pyraneen,  zu  der  vor-arischen  Urbevolkerung 
Europas." 

Although  absolute  certainty  cannot  be  arrived  at  in 
the  present  state  of  our  knowledge  as  to  their  origin  and 
affinities,  it  is  now  generally  accepted  that  the  Ligurians 
are  a  branch  of  the  ancient  Iberian  family,  of  which  the 
Basques  are  the  only  other  survivors  in  Europe. 

In  his  Nouvelle  Gcograpliie  Universelle  Elis^  Reclus 
writes  of  the  Ligurians  as  "  probablement  freres  de  nos 
1  Vol.  I.  p.  86. 


46  THE  LIGURIANS. 

Basques;"  and  the  late  Emmanuel  Celesia  of  Genoa  in 
his  Antichissiini  idiomi  degli  Liguri  finds  many  roots 
common  to  the  Basque  in  his  native  Ligurian /«/cz.r. 

Some  modern  writers  assert  them  to  be  akin  to  the 
Celts,  and  to  belong  to  the  Aryan  family.  But  Strabo 
expressly  states  that  the  Ligurians  are  of  a  different 
race  from  the  Celts,  although  they  closely  resemble  them 
in  their  manner  of  life\ 

The  physical  type,  however,  of  the  Ligurian  differed 
as  widely  as  possible  from  that  of  the  Celt  or  Gaul,  for 
the  Ligurian  was  of  small  stature,  nervous  and  wiry,  far 
more  capable  of  enduring  fatigue  than  the  '  Gaul,'  whose 
huge,  soft  body  melted  away  like  wax  before  the  scorching 
sun  of  Italy  and  Provence.  In  a  stand-up  fight  a 
Ligurian  was  considered  a  match  for  a  Gaul  twice  his 
size.  At  field  labour  the  Ligurian  men  and  women  alike 
were  renowned  for  their  endurance. 

M.  D'Arbois  de  Jubainville,  whose  conclusions  on  the 
subject  of  the  Ligurians  do  not  always  commend  them- 
selves to  me  any  more  than  his  eccentric  views  in 
limiting  the  Gauls  in  Caesar's  day  to  15,000  combatants, 
brings  them  into  Europe  by  the  valley  of  the  Danube  as 
predecessors  of  the  Celts.  But  although  I  cannot  bring 
myself  to  accept  all  M.  D'Arbois'  conclusions  I  yield  to 
none  in  my  admiration  of  the  remarkable  learning  and 
industry  displayed  in  all  his  researches. 

As  an  almost  necessary  corollary  of  his  view  that  the 
Ligurians  like  the  Celts  came  into  Europe  by  the  valley 
of  the  Danube,  M.  D'Arbois  derives  them  from  an  Aryan 
stock,  in  direct  opposition  to  the  opinion  of  Miillenhof, 
of  whom  notwithstanding  he  avows  himself  a  disciple. 
He  likewise  endeavours  to  prove  that  a  Ligurian  popu- 
lation extended  northwards  through  France  and  Western 
Europe  right  up  to  the  shores  of  the  North  Sea,  differing 
entirely  from  Miillenhof.  Nor  does  M.  D'Arbois  hesitate 
to  carry  his  Ligurians  across  the  Channel  into  the  British 
Isles. 

1  p.  128. 


CHAP.  V.  47 

For  Miillenhof  in  commenting  on  the  passage  on  which 
M.  D'Arbois  seems  mainly  to  rely  for  taking  the  Ligurians 
into  the  frozen  north  pronounces  it  an  undoubted  inter- 
polation.    The  passage  runs  : 

"  Si  quis  dehinc 
Ab  insulis  Oestrymnicis  lembum  audeat 
Urgere  in  undas,  axe  qua  Lycaonis 
Rigescit  aethra,  cespitem  Ligurum  subit 
Cassum  incolarum." 

Festus  Avienus,  Ora  Alaritinta,  129 — 133. 

If,  as  Miillenhof  argues,  the  insulae  Oestrymnicae 
represent  the  British  Isles,  as  is  generally  supposed,  a 
voyage  beyond  them  could  only  lead  to  the  North  Sea 
and  the  Baltic\  But  he  dismisses  this  supposition  as 
ridiculous,  asking,  "  Wer  aber  hatte  hier  von  Liguren 
gehort  ?  " 

M.  D'Arbois  is  however  not  any  longer  alone  in 
locating  Ligurians  on  the  North  Sea.  For  in  his  La 
Gaule  avant  les  Gaiilois  M.  Alexandre  Bertrand,  also 
a  distinguished  member  of  the  French  Institut,  does 
not  dispute  the  presence  of  Ligurians  on  northern  shores, 
refusing  only  to  accept  the  theory  of  their  reaching  so 
far  north  by  land.  M.  Bertrand  seems  also  to  rely 
mainly  on  the  passage  of  Festus  Avienus  quoted  above. 

M.  Bertrand  argues,  that  if  the  Ligurians  had  spread 
upwards  through  Gaul  by  land  they  must  have  left  traces 
of  their  passage,  especially  if  they  were  as  civilized  as 
M.  D'Arbois  makes  them  out  to  have  been.  M.  Bertrand 
holds  that  they  arrived  by  sea,  the  Ligurians  being 
considered  by  him  to  have  been  essentially  sea-rovers, 
the  Normans  of  antiquity. 

Amongst  the  ancient  Greek  writers  there  is  a  general 
consensus  that  at  the  dawn  of  European  history  the 
Ligurians  were  found  scattered  sporadically  along  the 
coasts  and  in  the  islands  of  the  western  basin  of  the 
Mediterranean. 

Elba  is  undoubtedly  the   Ligurian    'Ilva' — a  word 

'  Deutsche  Altcrtui/iskunde,  Ch.  I.  p.  96. 


48  THE   LIGURIANS. 

repeated  in  the  Ligurian  tribe  Ilvates  located  in  the 
Apennines  behind  Genoa.  In  Corsica  M.  D'Arbois 
cites  20  names  of  places  ending  in  the  distinctively 
Ligurian  termination  of -asca.  In  his  work  Les premiers 
habitants  de  V Europe  he  cites  257  modern  names  of 
places  in  Northern  Italy  ending  in  -asca  or  a  slight 
variation  of  that  termination  of  which  only  36  are  in  the 
modern  Italian  province  of  Liguria  as  restricted  to  the 
sea-coast.  The  reader  must  remember  that  the  Liguria 
or  Regio  IX.  of  Augustus  comprised  the  entire  western 
half  of  Cispadana,  as  far  as  the  Trebia,  and  that  the 
Libui  and  Stoeni — tribes  of  Ligurian  stock — were  settled 
also  in  Transpadana.  No  similar  termination  is  to  be 
found  in  the  north  of  France,  though  not  a  few  occur  in 
the  Ligurian  district  of  the  basin  of  the  Rhone.  So  M. 
D'Arbois'  contention  is  not  supported  by  his  own  lin- 
guistic discoveries. 

Philistus  of  Syracuse,  and  several  other  ancient  Greek 
writers,  of  whose  works  only  fragments  have  been 
preserved,  testify  to  the  fact  that  the  Ligurians  were  the 
original  occupants  of  the  seven  hills  before  the  foundation 
of  Rome.  "  Albula,"  the  former  name  of  the  Tiber,  is,  as 
we  read  in  VirgiP,  certainly  of  Ligurian  origin,  as  also 
the  name  of  the  town  of '  Alba '  Longa. 

The  view  that  the  Ligyes  may  perhaps  be  identified 
with  the  Libui  of  the  African  continent  is  lucidly  stated, 
although  not  definitely  accepted,  by  Professor  Ettore 
Pais,  of  Pisa  University,  in  his  recently  published  Storia 
della  Sicilia.  The  fact  that  the  two  most  westerly  mouths 
of  the  Rhone,  which  formed  the  boundary  of  ancient  Li- 
guria, were  named  Libica"-  seems  to  corroborate  this  view, 
as  well  as  the  mention  by  Livy^  of  the  Libui,  a  Ligurian 
tribe  settled  in  eastern  Transpadana,  near  Verona,  before 
the  invasion  of  that  region  by  the  Celtic  Cenomani. 

1  "  fluvium  cognomine  Thybrim 

Diximus,  aiuisit  verum  vetus  Albula  nomen." 

Aen.  vin.  331,  2. 
"  Pliny,  Hist.  Nat.  iii.  5.  ^  Liv.  v.  35. 


CHAP.   V.  49 

The  fact  that  a  fragment  of  Eratosthenes  as  quoted 
by  Strabo^  applies  the  term  Aiyva-TiKT)  to  the  entire 
Iberian  peninsula ;  that  such  an  accurate  writer  as 
Thucydides-  locates  Ligyes  on  the  river  Sicanos  in 
Iberia,  whence  they  displaced  the  Iberian  Sicani,  who 
emigrated  to  Sicily;  and  that  a  city  "Ligustine^" 
is  mentioned  by  Hecataeus,  and  a  "  lacus  Ligusticus " 
by  Festus  Avienus,  as  existing  near  the  mouth  of  the 
river  Guadiana  in  the  south-western  corner  of  the 
Iberian  peninsula  (known  to  the  ancients  as  Tartessus, 
the  Tarshish  of  the  Bible),  the  weight  of  authority  seems 
to  incline  to  a  south-western  rather  than  a  north-eastern 
introduction  of  Ligurians  into  Europe. 

The  foundation  of  Marseilles  eV  ALjvarcKfj,  B.C.  600, 
on  territory  ceded  to  Phocaean  settlers  by  them  is  the 
first  historical  fact  we  can  connect  with  the  Ligurians 
of  the  Riviera.  The  next  is  the  presence  of  Ligurians 
as  mercenaries  at  the  battle  of  Himera  in  Sicily  B.C.  480  ; 
an  incident  in  itself  sufficient  to  prove  that  they  were 
amenable  to  some  kind  of  military  discipline  more  than 
three  centuries  before  their  conquest  by  the  Romans. 

To  what  extent  the  Ligurians  yielded  to  civilizing 
influences  in  general  is  much  more  doubtful.  That  they 
ultimately  repented  of  their  concession  of  territory  to 
the  Greeks  is  proved  by  their  persistent  acts  of  hostility 
and  sieges  laid  to  Marseilles  and  her  colonies  along  the 
coast,  to  which  I  shall  refer  in  more  detail  further  on. 

Yet,  as  the  Ligurians  had  enjoyed  friendly  intercourse 
with  the  Phocaean  Greeks  while  they  were  building  their 
city  and  for  some  time  afterwards,  it  is  certain  that  they 
must  have  acquired  some  degree  of  civilization  by  this 
contact.  It  can  hardly  indeed  be  doubted  that  the 
Ligurians  of  the  plains  of  Provence,  represented  mainly 
by  the  powerful  confederation  of  the  Salyes,  attained 

1  p.  92. 

2  Thucyd.  Vi.  2. 

^  AiyvffTlvTj,  irdXii  Aiyvuv,  ti)s  SvriKrji   Iprjpias  ^771)5  Kal  r-iys  TaprtjcTcoG 
irXyjalov.     Hecataeus,  a/.  Steph.  Byzant. 

H.  4 


50  THE   LIGURIANS. 

earlier  to  some  degree  of  civilization,  than  the  Ligurians 
of  the  Italian  Riviera. 

Poseidonius  of  Rhodes,  the  Stoic  philosopher  and 
friend  of  Cicero,  who  visited  both  the  sea-board  and  the 
interior  of  Cisalpine  and  Transalpine  Liguria,  is  the  first 
traveller  to  throw  any  light  on  the  habits  of  the  natives. 
For  the  history  of  Polybius,  who  travelled  over  partly 
the  same  ground  when  he  accompanied  Scipio  Aemilianus 
to  the  siege  of  Numantia  B.C.  1 34,  tells  us  nothing  about 
the  inhabitants  of  the  country.  The  journal  of 
Poseidonius  has  unfortunately  not  been  preserved — a 
loss  perhaps  even  more  regrettable  than  that  of  the 
books  of  Livy  dealing  with  the  Roman  conquest  of 
Transalpine  Liguria.  The  fragments  which  remain 
have  been  collected  into  a  small  volume,  in  which  I 
failed  to  find  much  information  that  was  useful  for  my 
purpose. 

It  is  known  however  that  both  Strabo  and  Plutarch 
largely  availed  themselves  of  the  first-hand  information 
published  by  Poseidonius,  who  appears  to  have  been 
Plutarch's  main  authority  for  his  facts  about  Liguria. 

In  a  passage  referring  to  the  Italian  Riviera  (p. 
219)  Strabo  writes,  "There  is  nothing  worth  men- 
tioning about  it,  except  that  the  people  dwell  in 
villages,  ploughing  and  digging  the  intractable  land, 
or  rather,  as  Poseidonius  expresses  it,  '  hewing  the 
rocks.'" 

Seizing  upon  the  word  '  ploughing '  in  the  above 
passage,  M.  D'Arbois  seems  to  rely  a  great  deal  too 
much  upon  it  in  building  up  his  theory  of  the  superior 
civilization  of  the  Ligurians  whom  he  adopts  as  his 
clients.  He  cannot  control  his  indignation  against 
Helbig  (quoting  a  passage  from  p.  38  of  the  French 
translation  of  his  work  Die  Italiker  in  der  Po-ebene)  for 
describing  his  clients  as  "bien  mauvais  agriculteurs, 
incapables  du  repos,  sauvages  et  pillards,  faisant  de 
temps  en  temps  dans  la  plaine,  des  deux  cotes  de 
I'Apennin,  des  expeditions  militaires,  qui  n'etaient  que 


CHAP.  V.  51 

de  grands  brigandages  \"  Yet  the  above  quotation  after 
all  closely  agrees  with  the  character  which  both  Livy 
and  Strabo  give  to  the  Ligurians  of  the  Italian 
Riviera. 

For  we  find  in  Strabo  (p.  203),  "  They  {i.e.  the 
Ligurians)  closed  all  the  roads  into  Iberia  along  the  sea- 
coast,  and  carried  on  a  system  of  pillage  by  land  and 
by  sea." 

The  truth  of  the  matter  seems  to  be  that  there  were 
two  kinds  of  Ligurians,  highlanders  and  lowlanders. 
The  highlanders  were  known  to  the  Romans  as  Ligures 
capillati  (longhaired),  and  the  lowlanders  later,  as  tonsi 
(shorn) — Coa  huiga  and  Coa  raza  in  Ligurian  patois. 

The  capillati^  unable  to  wring  even  a  bare  subsistence 
out  of  the  rocks  of  the  higher  ridges  of  the  Maritime 
Alps  and  Apennines,  amongst  which  they  found  refuge, 
were  driven  to  acts  of  brigandage  and  piracy.  Like 
famished  wolves,  they  could  only  keep  themselves  alive 
by  cattle-lifting  and  raids  on  any  food  on  which  they 
could  lay  hands  in  the  lowlands. 

These  capillati  however  clung  so  desperately  to  their 
strongholds  in  the  Maritime  Alps  behind  Monaco  and 
Nice,  that  even  Julius  Caesar  failed  to  force  a  passage 
through  them.  The  Ligiires  capillati  succeeded  in 
maintaining  their  independence  of  the  Romans  till  the 
middle  of  the  reign  of  Augustus.  The  monument  of 
La  Turbie  commemorates  their  final  subjugation,  and 
the  opening  up  of  the  pass  of  the  Maritime  Alps  to 
peaceful  traffic  by  Augustus  B.C.  14. 

The  Ligures  tonsi,  on  the  other  hand,  who  occupied 
the  lower  slopes,  and  the  deltas  at  the  mouth  of  the 
torrents  which  descend  into  the  Mediterranean  all  along 
the  Italian  Riviera,  were  comparatively  civilized  even 
before  the  period  of  the  Roman  conquest.  They  must 
in  fact  have  been  the  victims  of  the  raids  of  their 
highland  kinsmen  before  the  Roman  colonists  settled  in 
the  plains  around  Pisa  and  Bologna.     It  was  probably 

1  Cited  vol.  ii.  p.  80,  Premiers  habitants  de  VEttrope. 

4—2 


52  THE   LIGURIANS. 

these  latter,  whom  Poseidonius  found  engaged  in  plough- 
ing as  well  as  digging. 

While  the  oppida  belonging  to  the  Ligiires  capillati 
were  mere  hill  tops  surrounded  by  walls  of  immense 
accumulations  of  uncemented  and  unwrought  stones,  it 
is  probable  that  the  towns  of  the  Ligiires  tonsi  consisted 
in  part  of  roofed-in  dwellings. 

We  know  from  Plutarch's  life  of  Marius,  that  the 
Italian  Ligurians  furnished  a  contingent  of  Socii  to  the 
army,  with  which  Marius,  the  uncle  of  Julius  Caesar, 
annihilated  the  Ambrones  and  the  Teutones.  We  find 
too  in  the  muster-roll  of  the  forces  in  the  opening  of 
Lucan's  Pharsalia  a  Ligurian  contingent  gathered  round 
Caesar  himself  when  about  to  engage  in  the  civil  war 
with  his  rival  Pompey\ 

It  is  Mommsen's  opinion-  that  as  early  as  the  date 
of  the  second  Punic  War,  Genoa  (the  chief  trading  centre 
of  the  Italian  Ligurians)  stood  on  much  the  same  footing 
of  friendly  relations  with  Rome  as  Marseilles.  This 
would  explain  why  it  was  singled  out  for  attack  by 
Mago,  Hannibal's  younger  brother,  who  sacked  and 
burned  it  B.C.  205. 

It  would  also  explain  the  aid  given  by  the  Romans 
towards  the  rebuilding  of  the  Ligurian  capital,  which 
possibly  received  a  Roman  garrison.  It  is  singular 
however  that  the  Romans  have  left  so  few  traces  at 
Genoa,  that  no  museum  of  Roman  antiquities  exists 
there. 

As  it  was  always  the  policy  of  the  Romans  to  make 
friends  with  some  section  of  the  nation  which  they  were 
about  to  attack  as  a  whole,  it  is  probable  that  the 
Genuates  were  won  over  early  to  play  the  part  in  Liguria 
in  which  the  Aedui  figured  so  conspicuously  in  Gaul. 
At  the  outset  of  the  second  Punic  War,  when  Scipio 
found  himself  too  late  to  stop  Hannibal  on  the  Rhone, 

^  "  Et  nunc,  tonse  Ligur,  quondam  per  colla  decora 

Crinibus  effusis,  toti  praelate  Comatae."     Lib.  I.  442. 
^^  C.  I.  L.  vol.  V.  p.  885. 


BAS-RELIEFS  FOUND  IN  RUINS  OF  LIGURIAN  "OPPIDUM,''  ENTREMONT, 
ENVIRONS  OF  AIX-EN-PROVENCE. 


To  face  p.  53] 


CHAP.  V.  53 

he  hurried  back  to  Genoa  with  only  a  small  escort, 
reckoning  on  a  friendly  reception  there.  For  the  shortest 
cut  to  the  valley  of  the  Po,  where  Scipio  expected  to 
encounter  Hannibal  on  his  descent  from  the  Alps,  lay 
up  the  valley  of  the  river  Polcevere  on  the  south  side  of 
the  pass  of  the  Apennines  and  down  the  Scrivia  on  the 
north.  This  was  the  course  followed  by  the  Via 
Postumia  leading  from  Genoa  by  Libarna  to  Dertona. 

Although  Genoa  was  the  chief  centre  of  Ligurian 
trade,  no  coins  of  an  earlier  date  than  the  Roman 
conquest  have  ever  been  found  there.  It  is  probable 
therefore  that  Ligurian  commerce  was  confined  to 
exchange  of  commodities  by  barter. 

Nothing  whatever  is  known  of  the  religious  obser- 
vances of  the  Ligurians,  and  no  vestiges  of  religious 
edifices  have  ever  been  discovered  in  Liguria.  There  is 
however  a  very  fine  '  Dolmen '  near  Draguignan  in 
Provence  and  a  solitary  '  Menhir '  near  Brignolles,  but 
both  are  of  unknown  origin  and  date. 

It  has  however  been  my  good  fortune  to  have  been, 
as  far  as  I  know,  the  first  Englishman  to  visit  and  draw 
attention  to  the  very  striking  remains  of  a  series  of 
Ligurian  oppida  still  extant  in  Provence. 

Of  these  by  far  the  most  extensive  and  important  is 
Entremont  {Inter-montes),  hardly  known  even  in  France 
beyond  the  precincts  of  the  city  of  Aix-en-Provence. 

About  50  years  ago  the  attention  of  French  anti- 
quarians was  drawn  to  the  existence  of  Entremont  by 
the  discovery  amongst  its  ruins  of  some  ancient  bas- 
reliefs,  pronounced  to  be  pre-Roman  and  commonly 
described  as  Gaulish. 

But  as  Provence  was  never  occupied  by  Gauls  and 
Entremont  remained  up  to  the  period  of  its  conquest  by 
the  Romans  the  chief  stronghold  of  the  Salluvii,  the 
powerful  Ligurian  confederation,  which  occupied  almost 
the  whole  of  Provence,  there  is  every  reason  to  believe 
that  the  bas-reliefs  in  question  are  Ligurian  and  not 
Gaulish. 


54  THE   LIGURIANS. 

If  my  supposition  is  correct,  these  bas-reliefs,  which 
are  now  preserved  in  the  Museum  at  Aix,  are  of  the 
highest  possible  interest,  as  being  the  only  specimens  of 
Ligurian  sculpture  hitherto  discovered. 

That  Entremont  was  an  oppiduvi  of  Ligurians  and 
not  Gauls  is  further  proved  by  the  absence  of  any  signs 
of  wooden  beams,  alternating  with  layers  of  stone, 
characteristic  of  the  Gallic  method  of  construction 
described  and  approved  of  by  Caesar  {De  Bello  Gallico, 
Lib.  VII.  c.  22). 

Consisting  of  two  lofty  plateaus,  separated  by  a 
depression  from  the  midst  of  which  rises  up  an  isolated 
wooden  mamelon,  Entremont  presents  a  most  com- 
manding aspect  as  approached  by  the  ascent  (about 
2  miles)  from  Aix.  Both  plateaus  are  surrounded 
by  massive  walls  of  uncemented  stones  and  varying 
height  and  thickness.  The  perimeter  of  the  outside 
wall  which  follows  the  contour  of  the  western  plateau, 
now  known  as  the  "Quartier  Celony,"  appears  to  measure 
from  two  to  three  kilometres,  but  its  irregularity  makes 
it  difficult  to  estimate.  The  wall  is  composed  of  unhewn 
and  uncemented  stones  of  all  sizes,  the  largest  measuring 
about  2  ft.  by  15  inches,  being  laid  with  some  attempt 
at  regularity.  The  wall  in  some  portions  of  the  enceinte 
is  from  9  to  12  ft.  high  on  the  outside,  but  not  more 
than  5  on  the  inside.  The  westernmost  portion  of  the 
encircling  wall  for  a  distance  of  at  least  500  or  600  yards 
presents  the  remarkable  feature  of  being  provided  with 
a  raised  footway  on  the  inside  composed  of  blocks  of 
stone,  raised  more  than  a  foot  from  the  ground,  as  if  to 
enable  a  sentinel  as  he  paced  up  and  down  to  keep  a 
look  out  over  the  wall  without  exposing  his  whole 
body. 

The  outside  wall,  although  the  most  ancient  and 
picturesque  in  outward  appearance,  being  overgrown 
with  verdure  and  shaded  in  places  by  a  fringe  of  ancient 
trees,  whose  roots  interlace  themselves  in  the  loose  stones, 
is  by  no  means  the  most  massive.     The  walls,  which 


ANCIENT     WALL     AND     RAISED     FOOTWAY     AT     ENTREMONT. 


[  To  face  p.  54 


CHAP.   V.  55 

divide  the  plateau  transversely  into  separate  areas,  varying 
from  4  acres  to  6  acres  in  extent,  are  in  some  places  at 
least  20  feet  in  thickness.  Where  this  is  the  case  they 
are  composed  of  comparatively  small,  and  generally 
rather  flat,  stones. 

The  area  of  the  eastern  plateau,  to  which  the  appli- 
cation of  the  name  of  Entremont  seems  to  be  now 
confined,  is  much  more  limited  in  extent.  The  exterior 
and  interior  walls  are  of  similar  construction  and  dimen- 
sions to  those  in  the  Quartier  Celony,  with  the  exception 
of  the  total  absence  of  the  raised  footway  in  the  inside 
of  the  wall  of  the  enceinte. 

A  great  deal  of  broken  red  pottery,  both  ancient  and 
modern,  lies  about  on  the  surface  of  the  wide  wall 
tops,  which  serve  for  refuse  heaps  when  lying  near  the 
dwellings  of  the  peasants  who  cultivate  the  enclosed 
areas.  There  is  nothing  distinctively  Ligurian  about 
these  broken  pieces  of  pottery,  which  have  every  appear- 
ance of  being  Roman,  leading  to  the  supposition  that 
Romans  must  have  occupied  Entremont  at  a  later  date. 

Although  unfortunately  few  details  have  been  handed 
down  to  us  concerning  the  lives  of  the  inhabitants  of 
Entremont,  yet  the  broad  facts  of  their  history  are 
clear  and  indisputable,  as  I  shall  endeavour  to  show 
later  on  when  I  bring  the  Romans  into  contact  with  the 
Salluvii.  Inasmuch  as  Aix-en-Provence  lies  only  20 
miles  due  north  of  Marseilles  on  the  Alpine  line  to 
Grenoble  and  can  be  reached  by  train  within  the  hour, 
the  plateaus  of  Entremont  can  easily  be  explored  in  a 
short  day  with  a  return  ticket  from  Marseilles. 

Another  oppidiun,  hardly  less  interesting  than  En- 
tremont, but  of  a  different  character  and  covering  much 
less  ground,  is  to  be  found  on  the  edge  of  the  battlefield 
of  Aix  near  the  village  of  Pourrieres,  about  15  miles  to 
the  eastward.  It  is  now  known  under  the  name  of 
"  Pain  de  Munition,"  and  crowns  the  highest  point  of 
a  long  ridge  which  slopes  gently  upwards  from  south 
to    north.     The  oppidnm  or  stronghold   is  at  a  height 


$6  THE   LIGURIANS. 

of  about  2000  ft.  above  the  sea.  As  the  ground  falls 
abruptly  on  the  north  side,  there  was  less  need  of 
artificial  defences. 

But  a  triple  enceinte  was  notwithstanding  carried 
completely  round  the  enclosures,  which  are  all  circular, 
varying  from  200  to  500  yards  in  circumference.  The 
outermost  fossa  is  about  twice  the  depth  of  the  two 
inner,  the  bottom  of  the  ditch  appearing  to  be  about 
40  ft.  below  the  top  of  the  vallum.  The  exterior  vallum, 
composed  as  at  Entremont  of  unhewn  and  uncemented 
limestones,  in  its  present  state  of  partial  collapse  is  about 
30  ft.  wide. 

As  I  shall  refer  to  the  Pain  de  Munition  again  in 
the  description  of  the  battle  of  Aix,  on  which  occasion 
it  was  perhaps  utilized  by  Marius  for  commissariat 
purposes,  I  shall  say  no  more  about  it  here. 

Besides  Entremont  and  Pain  de  Munition,  I  visited 
another  oppidnm  overlooking  the  Etang  de  Berre, 
marked  "  Ruines  de  Constantine"  in  the  map  of  the 
French  Etat  Majeur,  and  presenting  the  singular  feature 
of  high,  isolated  natural  rocks  being  pressed  into  the 
service  of  towers  in  the  line  of  circumvallation.  Les 
Ruines  de  Constantine  are  about  7  miles  from  the 
station  of  St  Chamas,  following  the  road  which  skirts 
the  eastern  shore  of  the  Etang  de  Berre  ;  in  a  south- 
easterly direction,  about  a  mile  from  St  Chamas,  the  road 
is  carried  across  the  little  river  Touloubre  by  a  perfect 
gem  of  a  Roman  bridge  called  '  Pont  Flavien ' — in  itself 
well  worth  stopping  at  St  Chamas  to  see.  At  either 
end  of  the  bridge  is  a  perfectly  preserved  ornamental 
Roman  arch — a  feature  I  have  never  met  with  elsewhere. 
The  oppidnm  of  Constantine,  which  overlooks  the  Etang 
de  Berre,  is  difficult  to  find,  as  it  lies  about  a  mile  back 
from  the  main  road  and  is  approached  by  a  narrow 
track,  winding  through  a  rocky  defile. 


CHAPTER   VI. 

Campaigns  in  Eastern  Liguria. 

It  was  in  the  year  B.C.  238,  just  twenty  years  before  the 
invasion  of  Hannibal,  that  as  far  as  we  know  the  first 
fighting  took  place  between  Romans  and  Ligurians.  It 
continued  intermittently  for  more  than  two  centuries, 
the  last  occurring  B.C.  14,  when  Augustus  finally  dis- 
lodged the  Ligures  Capillati  from  their  strongholds  in 
the  Maritime  Alps\  No  details  however  of  any  cam- 
paign in  Liguria  previous  to  Hannibal's  invasion  have 
been  handed  down  to  us. 

For  the  first  fifty  years  of  this  fighting  (from  B.C. 
238 — 191)  the  Ligurians  were  associated  with  and  made 
common  cause  with  Gauls  or  Carthaginians,  as  I  have 
shown  above. 

After  the  close  of  the  second  Punic  War,  which  was 
followed  by  the  Roman  conquest  and  the  expulsion  of 
the  Boii  from  Gallia  Cisalpina,  the  Ligurians  were  left  to 
cope  with  the  Romans  single-handed. 

The  next  period  (from  B.C.  191 — no)  is  probably  the 
eighty  years'  war  to  which  Strabo  refers  below : 

"The  Ligurians  closed  against  the  Romans  all  the 
roads  into  Iberia  along  the  coast,  and  carried  on  a 
system  of  pillage  both  by  sea  and  land.  Their  strength 
so  increased,  that  large  armies  were  scarcely  able  to 
force  a  passage,  and  after  a  war  of  eighty  years  the 
Romans  were  hardly  able  to  obtain  a  breadth  of  twelve 
stadia  for  the  purpose  of  making  a  public  road-." 
^  Dion  Cassius,  54.  24.  -  p.  203. 


58  CAMPAIGNS   IN    EASTERN    LIGURIA. 

This  eighty  years'  war  naturally  divides  itself  into 
two  groups,  viz. : 

{a)  The  wars  waged  on  both  slopes  of  the  Apen- 
nines in  Cisalpine  Liguria,  from  the  borders  of  Etruria 
as  far  as  the  modern  Vintimiglia,  in  pursuance  of  purely 
Roman  interests. 

{b)  Those  carried  on  in  Transalpine  Liguria  (the 
French  Riviera)  between  Nice  and  Marseilles  at  the 
instance  of  their  allies,  the  Massiliots. 

Between  these  two  sections  of  the  ancient  Liguria  the 
Maritime  Alps  interpose,  extending  in  width  for  about 
25  miles  from  Nice  to  Vintimiglia.  The  pass  by  which 
the  Maritime  Alps  are  crossed  is  that  of  La  Turbie, 
about  1500  feet  above  the  sea-level — the  lowest  in  the 
whole  range  of  the  Alps. 

It  was  with  the  double  object  of  putting  a  stop  to 
predatory  incursions  into  their  newly-settled  colonies  of 
Pisae  and  Bononia  (Bologna)  and  of  forcing  a  thorough- 
fare along  the  coast  to  keep  up  communications  with 
Spain  by  land,  that  the  Romans  entered  upon  this 
succession  of  wars  with  the  Ligurians  after  the  subju- 
gation of  the  Cisalpine  Gauls. 

To  the  Romans  military  service  in  Liguria  was  not 
unlike  what  campaigning  was  to  the  English  in  Ireland 
in  the  days  of  the  Tudors  and  Stuarts,  or  what  it  is  now 
in  the  borderland  between  India  and  Afghanistan.  Livy 
describes  it  as  follows  :  "In  Liguria  there  was  everything 
to  put  soldiers  on  their  mettle  :  positions  to  scale,  in 
themselves  difficult  enough,  without  having  to  oust  a  foe 
already  in  possession  ;  hard  marching  through  defiles 
lending  themselves  to  constant  surprises ;  an  enemy 
dashing  and  light-footed,  rendering  every  spot  and  hour 
insecure;  wearisome  and  perilous  blockadings  of  fortified 
strongholds,  in  a  country  barren  of  resources  and  yielding 
no  plunder  worth  mentioning,  with  no  camp-followers 
and  no  long  line  of  beasts  of  burden ;  no  hope  but  in 
cold  steel  and  individual  pluck\" 

1  Livy,  XXXIX.  I. 


CHAP.  VI.  59 

Consisting  mostly  of  rocky  ravines  and  forest-clad 
mountains,  Liguria  offered  so  little  attraction  to  the 
Romans  for  colonizing  purposes  that  they  were  in  no 
hurry  to  annex  it. 

With  the  Insubres  and  Boii  the  case  had  been  very 
different,  where  the  Romans  from  the  very  beginning 
were  bent  on  the  annexation  of  temptingly  fertile  and 
open  territory — territory,  too,  which  if  not  annexed  from 
the  side  of  Rome  would  certainly  have  been  occupied 
by  fresh  hordes  of  barbarians  from  beyond  the  Alps. 

Of  the  dealings  of  the  Romans  with  the  Ligurians, 
Plutarch,  writing  about  fifty  years  later  than  Strabo, 
in  his  life  of  Aemilius  Paulus  remarks:  "For  the  Romans 
did  not  choose  utterly  to  cut  off  the  people  of  Liguria, 
whom  they  considered  as  a  bulwark  against  the  Gauls, 
who  were  always  hovering  over  Italy." 

Nor  even  after  its  complete  conquest,  in  the  days  of 
the  Empire,  does  the  Liguria  corresponding  to  the  Italian 
Riviera  of  our  day  ever  appear  to  have  been  a  favourite 
locality  with  wealthy  Romans. 

The  Romans,  being  as  a  nation  destitute  of  the  love 
of  scenery  for  its  own  sake,  did  not  care  to  settle  on  a 
narrow  ledge  between  the  mountains  and  the  sea,  where 
the  difficulty  of  getting  supplies  must  have  been  almost 
insuperable  in  Roman  times.  While  the  narrow  Liguria 
from  the  Magra  to  the  Var  was  little  to  the  taste  of  the 
Romans,  the  widening  plains  of  Transalpine  Liguria — 
the  modern  Provence — where  the  Alps  gradually  recede 
from  the  shore,  drew  them  irresistibly  onwards.  Here 
the  Romans  settled  in  such  numbers  that  Pliny  the  elder, 
referring  to  the  Provincia  Narbonensis  of  his  day  (second 
half  of  first  century  A.D.),  describes  it  as  "  Italia  verius 
quam  provincia'." 

It  is  to  the  first  group  of  campaigns,  i.e.  those  on  the 
Italian  Riviera,  that  Livy's  graphic  description  of  Ligurian 
warfare  mainly  applies.  For  the  greater  portion  of  the 
first  series  of  these  wars,  or  rather  punitive  expeditions, 

1  Pliny,  Nat.  Hist.  III.  4. 


6o  CAMPAIGNS   IN    EASTERN    LIGURIA. 

Livy  is  our  sole  guide.  But  he  is  far  from  turning  out 
as  satisfactory  in  his  accounts  of  the  campaigns  them- 
selves as  his  masterly  summing  up  of  the  style  of  warfare 
would  have  led  us  to  expect. 

These  accounts  are  indeed  conspicuously  wanting  in 
detail,  and  are  sometimes  confused  and  conflicting.  For 
in  one  page  we  read  of  a  tribe  being  almost  exterminated, 
whereas  the  same  tribe  turns  up  again  full  of  fight  a  little 
further  on.  A  certain  number  of  names  of  mountains 
and  rivers  are  given,  but  mostly  without  any  indications 
or  descriptions  enabling  us  to  identify  them.  On  the 
side  of  the  Romans  we  are  generally  supplied  with  the 
names  of  the  commanders,  and  the  numbers  of  their 
armies.  But  in  the  case  of  the  Ligurians  numbers  are 
rarely  given,  and  no  names  of  individuals,  not  even  of 
the  chiefs  in  any  campaign — a  most  regrettable  omission, 
both  from  a  historical  and  philological  point  of  view. 

However,  when  Livy's  history  fails  us,  as  it  does  after 
B.C.  167,  we  only  then  realize  how  much  we  have  lost. 
We  are  indeed  at  sea,  reduced  to  a  very  meagre  diet  of 
epitomes  of  his  lost  books,  fragments  of  Polybius,  Florus, 
Sallust,  Appian,  Dion  Cassius,  and  stray  rays  of  light 
from  Strabo,  Plutarch,  Cicero  and  others.  Orosius,  an 
untrustworthy  ecclesiastical  writer  of  the  fifth  century 
of  our  era,  whose  chief  claim  to  notice  is  his  supposed 
acquaintance  with  the  lost  books  of  Livy,  is  rarely  of 
any  assistance. 

To  attempt  a  complete  enumeration  of  the  successive 
campaigns,  for  which  one  has  to  hunt  up  and  down  the 
last  seven  extant  books  of  Livy,  where  notices,  sometimes 
confined  to  a  few  lines,  turn  up  in  most  unexpected 
places,  would  only  weary  the  reader  to  no  purpose.  It 
will  be  sufficient  to  attempt  a  brief  reference  to  the  more 
important. 

At  the  outset  of  the  Ligurian  wars,  Pisae,  near  the 
mouth  of  the  Arno,  was  the  base  of  the  Roman  military 
operations  to  the  south  of  the  Apennines,  as  Placentia 
was  of  those  carried  on  to  the  north.     The  wide,  fertile 


CHAP.   VI.  6 1 

plain  stretching  for  thirty  miles  along  the  shore  com- 
prised between  the  Arno  and  the  Magra,  commanded 
by  the  precipitous  Apennines,  had  of  old  been  a 
disputed  borderland  between  the  Ligurian  and  Etruscan 
nationalities. 

The  Romans  had  lately  settled  the  matter  by  taking 
possession  of  the  eastern  half  of  it  themselves,  and 
dividing  it  up  amongst  the  Roman  colonists  of  Pisae\ 
Pisae,  which  had  just  become  a  Roman  colony,  was 
originally  founded  by  Peloponnesian  Greeks  from  Pisa 
in  Elis.  In  consequence  of  the  proximity  of  its  harbour 
to  the  boundless  forests  of  the  Ligurian  Apennines,  Pisae 
soon  became  a  great  shipbuilding  centre  and  proved 
invaluable  to  the  Romans  in  supplying  them  with  a  fleet. 
We  have  just  seen  how  another  Roman  colony  was 
established  at  Bononia  (Bologna)  to  the  north  of  the 
Apennines  on  the  lands  lately  taken  from  the  Boii. 

Between  the  two  interposed  the  great  bend  of  the 
Apennines,  where  it  trends  south-eastwards  to  form  the 
backbone  of  the  Italian  peninsula.  The  intricate  valleys 
and  ridges  of  this  portion  of  the  range,  including  the 
valley  of  the  river  Magra,  were  now  in  full  possession 
of  the  Apuani,  by  far  the  most  formidable  of  the 
Ligurian  tribes  on  the  Etruscan  border.  The  Apuani 
were  divided  into  lowlanders  and  highlanders,  the  latter 
of  whom  proved  themselves  such  an  intolerable  nuisance 
to  the  Roman  settlers  in  the  rich  lands  below  them,  both 
around  Pisae  and  Bononia,  by  raiding  their  cattle  and 
destroying  their  crops,  that  the  cultivation  of  those  terri- 
tories had  to  be  abandoned. 

In  the  spring  of  the  year  B.C.  187,  the  Apuani, 
anticipating  Roman  interference  on  behalf  of  the  colon- 
ists, formed  a  league  with  their  neighbours  the  Friniates, 
who  occupied  the  northern  slopes  of  the  Apennines, 
where  they  melt  insensibly  into  the  plains  of  the  Po. 
When  the  news  of  the  coalition  of  the  Friniates  and 
Apuani  reached  Rome  it  was  considered  so  grave  that 

'  .Strabo,  p.  222. 


62  CAMPAIGNS   IN   EASTERN   LIGURIA. 

both  consuls  were  ordered  by  the  Senate  to  proceed  to 
Liguria  to  operate  against  them. 

The  consuls  for  the  year  (B.C.  187)  were  Caius  Flamin- 
ius  (son  of  the  Flaminius  who  fell  at  the  battle  of  the  Lake 
Trasimene)  and  Aemilius  Lepidus.  It  was  agreed  between 
them  that  while  Flaminius  attacked  from  the  north,  having 
Placentia  for  his  base,  Aemilius  should  advance  from 
Pisae  on  the  south.  This  plan  seems  to  have  completely 
answered.  The  fighting  both  north  and  south  of  the 
Apennines  began  in  the  plains,  from  which  the  Romans 
easily  swept  the  highland  marauders.  As  the  two 
consular  armies  advanced,  more  or  less  like  a  double  set 
of  beaters  at  a  battue,  driving  the  enemy  before  them 
to  the  mountains,  the  Ligurians  were  taken  as  it  were 
between  two  fires.  Finding  themselves  caught  in  a  trap 
in  the  mountains,  to  which  they  were  wont  to  retire, 
both  Friniates  and  Apuani  were  eventually  surrounded 
and  disarmed. 

At  the  end  of  the  campaign  each  consular  army 
found  itself  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  mountains  to 
that  from  which  it  had  started,  that  of  Flaminius  emerging 
on  the  south  or  Fisan  side,  and  that  of  Aemilius  on  the 
side  of  Bononia. 

Of  the  numbers  of  the  forces  engaged  on  either  side, 
or  of  the  killed  and  wounded,  or  of  the  number  of 
prisoners  taken,  Livy  is  on  this  occasion  absolutely  silent. 
We  gather,  however,  from  his  brief  narrativ^e  that  the 
campaign  was  comparatively  bloodless,  the  main  object 
of  the  Romans  having  been  to  disarm,  rather  than  to  put 
the  enemy  to  the  sword.  The  fighting  does  not  appear 
to  have  been  severe  at  any  stage  of  the  campaign,  the 
enemy  having  taken  to  their  heels  with  unusual  precipi- 
tancy. It  seems  not  unlikely  that  the  lives  of  the  excep- 
tionally large  number  of  Ligurians  taken  prisoners  were 
spared  with  the  view  of  utilizing  them  on  road-making. 
For  the  year  B.C.  187  marks  the  beginning  of  military 
road-construction  in  Gallia  Cisalpina,  both  consuls,  on 
the  conclusion  of  their  campaigns,  setting   themselves 


CHAP.   VI.  63 

energetically  to  this  undertaking.  The  Via  Flaminia, 
the  great  North  Road,  the  work  of  the  elder  Flaminius, 
which  left  Rome  by  the  Porta  Flaminia,  crossing  the 
Tiber  by  the  Milvian  bridge,  had  hitherto  stopped  at 
Ariminum  (Rimini)  on  the  Adriatic.  It  was  now  carried 
in  a  straight  stretch  of  175  miles  on  to  Placentia,  un- 
fortunately not  by  his  son,  the  consul  Flaminius  the 
younger,  but  by  his  colleague  Aemilius  Lepidus,  after 
whom  the  road  has  been  called  ever  since  '  Via  Aemilia 
Lepidi,'  and  the  country  it  traverses  the  '  Emilian ' 
province. 

Had  the  younger  Flaminius  appropriately  carried 
onwards  the  road,  constructed  as  far  as  Ariminum  by 
his  father  (B.C.  220,  just  before  the  second  Punic  War), 
and  given  the  family  name  to  it,  we  should  have  found 
an  unbroken  length  of  400  miles  of  Via  Flaminia, 
extending  from  Rome  to  Placentia.  Considerable  con- 
fusion of  names  would  have  been  thereby  avoided.  For 
as  the  reader  will  find  later  on,  there  was  also  another 
Aemilius,  viz.  Aemilius  Scaurus,  after  whom  the  coast 
section  Via  Aemilia  was  named  later  on.  But,  as  it  un- 
fortunately happened,  the  more  difficult  task  of  carrying 
a  road  across  the  Apennines  from  Bononia  to  Arretium 
now  fell  to  the  lot  of  the  younger  Flaminius. 

Livy,  who  informs  us  that  the  campaigns  in  Liguria 
were  full  of  surprises  to  the  actors,  has  ingeniously 
contrived  to  impart  this  character  to  his  history  of  them. 
For  the  curtain  of  the  year  B.C.  187  having  fallen  on  the 
peaceful  occupation  of  road-making  on  both  sides  of  the 
Apennines,  the  Ligurians  having  been  rigorously  dis- 
armed, we  are  astonished  to  find  it  rise  on  a  great  disaster 
to  the  Roman  armies  under  the  consul  L.  Marcius  at  the 
hands  of  these  same  Apuani!  According  to  Livy,  it  was 
the  turn  of  the  Romans  to  be  caught  in  a  trap.  Having 
been  drawn  onward  into  a  deep  recess  of  a  forest,  the 
Romans  were  suddenly  attacked  and  thrown  into  con- 
fusion, losing  4000  men,  three  Roman  and  several 
standards  of  their  allies,  besides  an  immense  quantity 


64  CAMPAIGNS   IN    EASTERN    LIGURIA. 

of  arms  thrown  away  by  the  fugitives.  So  complete  was 
the  panic  of  the  Romans  and  their  Latin  allies  that  Livy 
adds,  "  the  Ligurians  tired  sooner  of  pursuit  than  the 
Romans  of  running  away." 

As  the  Roman  armies  at  this  period,  and  till  the 
radical  change  effected  by  Marius,  seventy  years  later, 
consisted  mostly  of  raw  levies  enlisted  for  service  in  the 
summer  months,  like  our  Militia,  it  is  not  surprising 
that  such  disasters  as  that  related  above  were  of  not  un- 
frequent  occurrence.  The  wonder  rather  is  that  the 
Romans  won  any  victories  before  B.C.  104,  when  Marius 
by  two  years'  drilling  made  real  soldiers  of  the  first 
standing  army  Rome  ever  possessed. 

This  unlooked-for  disaster,  which  overtook  the  army 
of  Marcius,  was  signally  avenged  in  the  following  year 
(B.C.  185)  by  the  consul  Sempronius,  marching  from 
Pisae.  Sempronius  began  by  sweeping  the  Ligurians 
from  the  plains,  between  the  Arno  and  the  Magra. 
This  was  comparatively  easy  work,  but  to  dislodge 
the  fugitives  from  the  mountains  was  a  task  of  the 
utmost  difficulty,  as  will  be  readily  realized  by  travellers 
familiar  with  the  aspect  of  the  range  behind  Carrara, 
where  the  almost  precipitous  flanks  of  the  mountain 
ridges  are  flecked  with  alternate  streaks  of  snow  and 
marble. 

The  good  beating  they  got  at  the  hands  of  Sem- 
pronius seems  to  have  kept  the  Apuani  fairly  quiet  for 
the  next  five  years.  But  after  this  interval  the  high- 
landers  reverted  to  their  old  practice  of  raiding  the 
Roman  colonists  in  the  plains  below.  It  was  therefore 
decided  in  the  year  B.C.  180  by  a  decree  of  the  Senate 
to  remove  the  troublesome  mountaineers  bodily  and 
transport  them  with  all  their  belongings  to  the  Taurasian 
plains — territory  in  southern  Italy  taken  originally  from 
the  Samnites  and  still  untenanted.  This  operation  was 
successfully  and  bloodlessly  effected  by  the  consuls 
M.  Baebius  and  P.  Cornelius,  who  transported  40,000  of 
the  highland  Apuani,  with  their  wives  and  families,  to 


CHAP.   VI.  6$ 

their  new  settlements  in  the  souths  Funds  were  provided 
at  the  public  expense  to  enable  them  to  start  in  farming, 
to  which  they  seem  to  have  taken  very  kindly.  It  has 
lately  been  suggested  that  a  similar  experiment  might 
be  advantageously  tried  in  dealing  with  the  Afridis. 
Subsequently,  these  transported  Apuani  were  known 
even  as  late  as  the  reign  of  the  Emperor  Trajan  by  the 
name  of  "  Ligures  Corneliani  et  Bibiani." 

Having  proved  themselves  less  obnoxious  to  their 
Roman  neighbours,  and  having  probably  been  forced  into 
the  war  by  their  highland  kinsmen,  the  lowland  Apuani 
were  left  undisturbed  by  the  Romans  for  another  year. 
But  as  their  territory  was  required  for  the  Roman  settlers 
of  the  new  colony  of  Luna,  which  the  Romans  saw  the 
necessity  of  planting  near  the  south  of  the  Magra  to 
secure  quiet  possession  of  the  adjoining  unrivalled  harbour 
of  Spezia,  the  lowland  Apuani  were  also  compelled  to 
migrate  to  Samnite  territory. 

The  year  B.C.  177  is  notable  for  the  foundation  of  the 
Roman  colony  of  Luna,  on  the  site  of  the  former 
Etruscan  settlement.  This  marks  the  first  stage  of  the 
advance  of  the  Romans  along  the  Ligurian  coast.  For 
Pisae  lies  just  outside  the  borders  of  Liguria,  Two 
thousand  Roman  citizens,  conducted  by  the  triumvirs 
P.  Aelius,  M.  Aemilius  Lepidus,  and  Cn.  Sicinius,  formed 
the  first  settlement.  It  is  expressly  stated  by  Livy^ 
that  although  the  territory  divided  up  amongst  the 
colonists  was  taken  directly  from  the  Ligurians,  it  had 
previously  belonged  to  the  Etruscans. 

This  proves  the  accuracy  of  Macaulay,  who  refers 
to  Luna  as  an  Etruscan  city  in  his  Laj/s  of  Ancient 
Rome : 

"And  in  the  vats  of  Luna, 

This  year,  the  must  shall  foam 
Round  the  white  feet  of  laughing  girls 
Whose  sires  have  marched  to  Rome." 

There  are,  however,  at  the  present  day  no  signs  whatever 

'  Livy,  XL.  38.  '^  Livy,  XLI.  13. 

H.  5 


66  CAMPAIGNS   IN    EASTERN    LIGURIA. 

of  its  Etruscan  origin  to  be  found  at  Luna  in  the  shape 
of  massive  walls,  gateways  or  sepulchres,  such  as  abound 
in  Etruria  proper,  and  have  been  so  admirably  described 
in  Dennis's  Etruria.  As  such  monuments  are  practically 
indestructible,  Luna  can  never  have  been  of  sufficient 
importance  to  rank  as  one  of  the  twelve  cities  of  the 
Etruscan  League.  In  fact  Strabo  observes  of  Luna 
"  The  city  indeed  is  not  big,  but  the  harbour  is  of  the 
biggest  and  fairest,  embracing  within  itself  several  and 
all  deep-water  havens,  and  offering  just  such  a  naval  base 
as  is  required  by  a  nation,  which  has  ruled  the  waves  so 
long*."  To  find  the  true  ring  of  the  Rule  Britannia 
sentiment  proceeding  from  an  Asiatic  Greek,  like  Strabo, 
proves  how  genuine  and  widespread  was  the  patriotism 
of  the  subjects  of  Rome.  In  its  position  relative  to  the 
Ligurian  wars,  Luna  may  be  compared  to  Peshawur 
as  an  advanced  post  and  base  of  frontier  operations 
against  border  tribes.  But  for  the  harbour  to  which 
it  gives  its  name,  and  for  its  strategic  importance 
the  colony  of  Luna  would  never  have  been  known  to 
fame.  For,  situated  on  a  fertile  but  malarious  plain 
near  the  mouth  of  the  Magra,  Luna  must  always  have 
been  an  unhealthy  and  unattractive  residence,  in  spite 
of  its  Carrara  marble  buildings  and  gleaming  white 
walls,  alluded  to  by  Rutilius,  the  Gallic  fourth  century 
poet,  as 

"Candentia  moenia  Lunae." 

Within  150  years  of  its  first  settlement  by  Romans,  its 
population  had  so  dwindled  down,  that  in  the  time  of 
the  second  Triumvirate  it  was  found  necessary  to  plant  a 
second  Roman  colony  at  Luna.  A  century  later  it  seems 
to  have  been  altogether  abandoned,  for,  writing  in  the 
reign  of  Nero,  the  poet  Lucan  refers  to  it  in  his  PJiarsalia 
as 

.  "  desertae  moenia  Lunae."' 

^    Opfj.riTr)piov    OaXaTTOKpaTrjadvTOjv    cLvSpwiruv,    ToaavT-qs   fJikv    daXdcj'a'rjs 
ToaovTov  de  xp^j'oj'.      Strabo,  p.   222. 


CHAP.  VI.  6^ 

How  Luna  came  to  give  its  name  to  the  harbour  of 
Spezia,  from  which  it  is  several  miles  distant,  and  from 
which  it  is  separated  not  only  by  the  river  Magra  but  by 
the  range  of  hills  which  form  its  eastern  boundary,  will 
always  remain  a  geographical  puzzle.  That  the  harbour 
of  Spezia,  under  the  name  of  '  Portus  Lunae,'  was  used 
by  the  Romans  before  the  foundation  of  their  colony  is 
proved  by  the  fact  that  M.  Porcius  Cato  made  it  a 
rendezvous  of  the  fleet  that  was  to  sail  with  him  to 
Spain  B.C.  195.  It  is  supposed  to  have  been  on  the 
occasion  of  preparing  to  embark  on  this  expedition  that 
Ennius  wrote : 

"  Est  operae  pretium  cives  cognoscere  Portum 
Lunae." 

In  Smith's  Dictionary  of  Classical  Geography^  article 
'  Luna,'  whence  it  has  been  copied  into  the  guide  books, 
it  is  stated  that  "  vestiges  of  an  amphitheatre "  are  to 
be  seen  there.  As  a  matter  of  fact,  as  I  ascertained 
by  personal  inspection  in  December  1895,  there  is  an 
almost  complete  oval  still  extant,  of  which  the  longer 
axis  measures  about  80  metres  and  the  shorter  about  30. 
The  outer  wall  is  from  1 5  to  20  feet  high,  with  an  un- 
roofed corridor  running  all  the  way  round  between  the 
outer  and  inner  wall.  The  walls  are  composed  of  stones 
of  all  sizes,  very  irregularly  set  in  cement. 

Strange  to  say,  there  is  very  little  white  marble 
embedded  in  the  walls  of  the  amphitheatre,  which 
probably  dates  from  the  second  foundation  of  Luna  as  a 
Roman  colony.  Besides  the  amphitheatre  there  are 
several  other  considerable  fragments  of  ruins  of  a  nonde- 
script character.  There  is,  however,  no  trace  of  boundary 
walls,  ancient  or  modern.  The  Luna  of  to-day  is  not  even 
a  village,  consisting  as  it  does  merely  of  a  farm-house 
and  buildings,  with  a  ruined  chapel  attached,  a  white 
marble  threshing-floor,  and  several  isolated  labourers' 
dwellings.  Into  the  walls  of  the  latter  are  let  medallions 
of  Madonnas,  beautifully  carved  in  white  marble.     Luni 

5—2 


68  CAMPAIGNS   IN   EASTERN   LIGURIA. 

lies  on  low  ground  about  a  mile  and  a  half  to  the  west 
of  the  railway  '  halt '  Luni,  on  the  Spezia-Pisa  line,  and 
is  approachable  by  a  winding  English-looking  country 
lane. 


CHAPTER   VII. 

Conquest  of  the  Ingauni  at  Albium 
Ingaunorum  (Albenga). 

The  Apuani  having  been  finally  disposed  of  by- 
wholesale  deportation,  the  coast  was  cleared  for  the 
advance  of  the  Romans  beyond  the  Magra  towards 
Genoa.  This  stretch  of  coast-line  is  called  by  the 
modern  Italians  'Riviera  di  Levante'  ('rising  sun') 
to  distinguish  it  from  that  to  the  west  of  Genoa  known 
as  'Riviera  di  Ponente'  ('setting  sun').  So  precipitous, 
however,  are  the  cliffs,  especially  as  far  as  Sestri-Levante, 
about  half-way  between  Spezia  and  Genoa,  that  the 
coast  is  practically  only  approachable  from  the  sea,  even 
to  this  day.  At  the  period  with  which  we  are  dealing, 
it  could  only  have  been  occupied  by  isolated  clusters  of 
rude  dwellings,  settled  on  ledges  in  the  black  rock, 
wherever  a  few  yards  of  beach  could  be  found  below 
between  two  sheltering  promontories  from  which  to 
push  off  a  fishing  boat.  But  even  fish  are  scarce  along 
this  inhospitable  coast. 

Inland,  the  region  is  mostly  as  wild  as  the  coast,  the 
wooded  slopes  of  the  Apennines  extending  right  down 
to  the  shore.  Cultivation  is  rare,  even  at  the  present 
day,  and  almost  confined  to  the  mouths  of  the  occasional 
valleys  which  break  the  continuity  of  the  mountains. 
There  is  therefore  little  to  tempt  the  few  inhabitants 
inland,  or  to  encourage  road-making.  Even  the  modern 
high  road  from  Genoa  to  Spezia  abandoned  in  despair 
the  attempt  to  follow  the  coast  beyond  Sestri-Levante, 


70  CONQUEST  OF  THE  INGAUNI. 

where  it  turns  inland.  The  old  Roman  road — Via 
Aemilia  Scauri — may  with  difficulty  be  traced  a  few 
miles  further  along  the  edge  of  the  cliffs  as  far  as 
Moneglia  (ad  Monilia),  beyond  which  point  it  ceased  to 
follow  the  shore. 

The  railway,  however,  keeps  on  close  to  the  sea, 
being  mostly  tunnelled  through  the  black  rock,  with 
occasional  light  and  air-holes.  This  portion  of  Corniche 
road  travelling  has  been  wittily  compared  to  a  journey 
down  a  flute. 

Considering  the  nature  of  the  ground,  it  is  hardly 
surprising  that  this  impossible  tract  of  some  sixty  miles 
of  coast-line  is  practically  ignored  by  Livy.  We  are 
not  even  told  how  far  eastward  the  territory  of  the 
Genuatae  extended,  nor  furnished  with  the  name  of  any 
Ligurian  tribe  intervening  between  them  and  the 
Apuani. 

To  the  westward  of  the  Genuatae,  the  tribe  of  the 
Sabatii  occupied  the  coast  as  far  as  Vada  Sabata — the 
modern  Vado — a  suburb  of  Savona.  From  the  absence 
of  any  record  of  their  taking  up  arms  against  them,  we 
may  assume  that  the  Romans  had  made  an  alliance  with 
the  Sabatii,  before  proceeding  further  westward  to  the 
Ingauni. 

We  have  now  to  deal  with  the  important  expedition 
of  the  consul  L.  Aemilius  Paulus — famous  later  on  as 
the  conqueror  of  Macedonia — which  resulted  in  the  final 
subjection  of  the  Ingauni.  For  the  main  features  of  this 
campaign  we  are  happily  not  solely  dependent  on  Livy, 
for  Plutarch,  in  his  life  of  Aemilius  Paulus,  supplies 
some  material. 

As  Aemilius  Paulus  is  one  of  the  greatest  characters 
in  Roman  history,  and  a  very  typical  Roman,  I  may  be 
excused  for  digressing  from  my  narrative  to  give  a 
brief  extract  from  Plutarch's  life  of  him,  to  shew  what  a 
light  view  the  Romans  took  of  the  marriage  tie. 

"  His  first  wife  was  Papiria,  the  daughter  of  Papirius 
Maso,  a  man  of  consular  dignity.     After  he  had  lived 


CHAP.   VII.  71 

with  her  a  long  time  in  wedlock  he  divorced  her,  though 
she  had  brought  him  very  fine  children  ;  for  she  was 
mother  to  the  illustrious  Scipio  and  to  Fabius  Maximus. 
History  does  not  acquaint  us  with  the  reason  of  this 
separation  ;  but  with  respect  to  divorces  in  general,  the 
account  which  another  Roman,  who  put  away  his  wife, 
gave  of  his  own  case,  seems  to  be  applicable  to  Aemilius 
Paulus. 

"  When  his  friends  remonstrated  and  asked  him, 
'Was  she  not  chaste .-'  was  she  not  fair.''  was  she  not 
fruitful  ? '  he  held  out  his  shoe  and  said,  '  Is  it  not 
handsome  ?  is  it  not  new  .•*  yet  none  knows  where  it 
pinches  him  but  he  that  wears  it ' 

"  Aemilius,  thus  separated  from  Papiria,  married  a 
second  wife,  by  whom  he  had  also  two  sons.  These  he 
brought  up  in  his  own  house,  the  sons  of  Papiria  being 
adopted  into  the  greatest  and  most  noble  families  in 
Rome,  the  elder  by  Fabius  Maximus,  who  was  five  times 
consul,  and  the  younger  by  his  cousin-german  the  son  of 
Scipio  Africanus,  who  gave  him  the  name  of  Scipio\" 

I  may  be  permitted  to  add  that  it  was  the  melancholy 
fate  of  Aemilius  Paulus  to  lose  both  his  sons  by  his 
second  wife  at  an  early  age.  For  the  one  died  five  days 
before,  and  the  other  three  days  after,  the  splendid 
triumph  by  which  he  celebrated  his  Macedonian  vic- 
tories.    So  after  all  he  left  no  legal  son  to  succeed  him. 

The  reader  will  recollect  that,  after  their  abandon- 
ment by  Mago  twenty  years  previously,  the  Ingauni 
were  left  to  make  the  best  terms  they  could  with  the 
Romans,  in  a  treaty  concluded  with  the  consul  P.  Aelius, 
B.C.  201.  For  the  next  sixteen  years,  from  B.C.  201 — 185, 
the  terms  of  this  treaty  seem  to  have  been  faithfull)' 
observed.  But  in  the  latter  year  the  Ingauni  again  rose 
in  arms  against  the  Romans. 

The  consuls  for  the  year  B.C.  185  were  Appius 
Claudius    and    M.    Sempronius.     While   the   latter,   as 

^  Afterwards  famous  as  Scipio  Africanus  Aemilianus,  the  hero  of  the 
third  Punic  War,  the  destroyer  of  Carthage,  and  friend  of  Polybius. 


72  CONQUEST   OF   THE   INGAUNI. 

related  in  the  preceding  chapter,  was  engaged  in  chastis- 
ing the  Apuani,  it  fell  to  the  lot  of  Appius  Claudius  to 
deal  with  the  Ingauni  on  the  western  Riviera.  We 
read  in  Livy^  that  Claudius  on  the  western  Riviera 
fully  equalled  the  success  of  his  colleague  Sempronius 
on  the  Magra.  For  he  captured  six  of  the  oppida  or 
strongholds  of  the  enemy,  took  many  thousands  prisoners, 
and  had  forty-three  of  the  ringleaders  of  the  revolt 
publicly  executed.  If  the  remains  of  a  fortress  on  the 
heights  overhanging  Vintimiglia,  bearing  the  name  of 
'  Castel  d'Appio,'  are  correctly  supposed  to  commemorate 
the  victories  of  Appius  Claudius,  they  are  an  indication 
of  the  co-operation  of  the  Intemelii  with  the  Ingauni  in 
their  resistance  to  the  Romans. 

In  spite  of  this  sharp  punishment,  in  the  year  B.C. 
i8i — only  four  years  later — the  Ingauni  determined  to 
make  one  more  desperate  effort  to  free  themselves  from 
the  yoke  of  the  Romans,  Patching  up  their  feud  with 
their  former  opponents  the  Epanterii  Montani,  they 
persuaded  them  to  join  in  a  general  rising. 

If  Plutarch  is  to  be  trusted,  the  forces  of  the  com- 
bined Ligurians  amounted  to  40,000  fighting  men, 
opposed  to  the  force  of  8000  brought  against  them 
by  the  Romans.  This  number  probably  represents  a 
consular  army  of  two  Roman  legions,  without  the  usual 
contingent  of  Socii.  These  were  desperate  odds,  as  the 
Ingauni,  having  fought  side  by  side  with  the  Car- 
thaginians, and  been  subjected  to  some  sort  of  military 
discipline,  were  far  more  formidable  opponents  than  the 
more  uncivilized  Ligurian  tribes. 

On  the  present  occasion,  as  soon  as  Aemilius  Paulus 
pitched  his  camp  in  their  territory,  the  Ingauni,  pre- 
tending to  be  anxious  to  make  peace,  applied  for  an 
armistice  of  ten  days,  nominally  to  give  time  to  the 
chiefs  to  reason  their  tribesmen  into  laying  down  their 
arms.  The  armistice  being  granted,  the  crafty  Ingauni 
extracted  in  addition  a  promise  from  the  Roman  com- 

^  XXXIX,   32, 


CHAP.   VII.  73 

mander  that  he  would  abstain  from  foraging  beyond  the 
limits  of  the  plain  on  which  they  were  encamped. 

Meanwhile,  effectually  screened  by  the  mountains, 
which  at  a  distance  of  seven  or  eight  miles  form  the  arc 
of  the  semi-circular  plain  of  which  the  sea  is  the  chord, 
the  Ingauni  and  Epanterii  were  engaged  in  treacherously 
massing  their  forces.  All  of  a  sudden,  pouring  across 
the  mountains,  they  made  a  rush  at  the  Roman  camp, 
and  were  within  a  little  of  carrying  it  by  storm. 

During  the  whole  day,  dense  masses  of  Ligurians 
surged  round  the  camp,  hemming  the  Romans  in  so 
effectually  as  to  prevent  any  possibility  of  a  sortie. 
But  as  the  enemy  withdrew  at  nightfall,  in  accordance 
with  the  custom  prevalent  with  Gauls  and  Ligurians, 
Aemilius  seized  the  opportunity  of  despatching  horse- 
men to  Baebius,  the  proconsul  at  Pisae,  with  an  urgent 
appeal  for  reinforcements. 

As  ill  luck  would  have  it,  Baebius  could  render  no 
assistance,  his  legions  having  just  sailed  for  Sardinia, 
nor  could  any  help  be  got  from  Placentia,  which  had 
been  denuded  of  troops  required  for  a  war  which  had 
just  broken  out  in  Histria,  arising  out  of  opposition  to 
the  foundation  of  a  Roman  colony  at  Aquileia. 

When  the  news  of  Aemilius'  desperate  position 
reached  Rome,  the  Senate  ordered  the  immediate  enrol- 
ment of  every  available  man  under  fifty,  directing  the 
consuls  to  assume  the  paludamentum  (or  military  cloak 
worn  in  war-time  in  the  place  of  the  toga)  and  proceed 
forthwith  to  Pisae.  At  the  same  time,  the  naval  force 
lying  in  the  Gulf  of  Lyons  under  C.  Matienus,  one  of 
the  naval  duumvirs,  received  orders  to  proceed  at  once 
to  Albenga. 

But  all  these  preparations  could  be  of  no  immediate 
avail  in  relieving  the  beleaguered  camp,  within  which 
Aemilius  strictly  confined  his  troops  during  the  anxious 
period  of  awaiting  reinforcements.  At  length,  however, 
despairing  of  outside  succour,  the  Roman  commander 
ordered  preparations   to  be    made    for   a    simultaneous 


74  CONQUEST  OF  THE   INGAUNI. 

sortie,  from   all  four   gates   of  the  camp,  on   the  first 
favourable  opportunity. 

It  was  to  the  invariable  rule  followed  by  the  Romans 
of  entrenching  their  armies  within  the  shelter  of  a  camp 
even  when  they  halted, /<?r  a  single  night,  that  Napoleon 
mainly  attributed  their  military  successes.  On  this 
subject,  writing  at  St  Helena,  Napoleon  remarks : 
"  Pendant  dix  ou  douze  siecles  de  I'histoire  Romaine, 
on  ne  voit  point  d'exemple,  qu'un  de  leurs  camps  ait  ete 
force.  Ciceron,  lieutenant  de  Cesar,  surpris  dans  son 
quartier  d'hiver  sur  la  Sambre,  soutint  pendant  un  mois, 
avec  6  ou  7000  hommes,  les  attaques  reiterees  d'une 
armee  de  60,000  Gaulois  et  donna  le  temps  a  Cesar 
d'arriver  a  son  secours\"  The  experience  of  Quintus 
Cicero  was  an  almost  exact  repetition  of  what  proved 
true  in  the  case  of  Aemilius  Paulus. 

Securely  entrenched  within  their  camp,  the  8000 
troops  of  Aemilius  Paulus  could  calmly  defy  the  attacks 
of  the  40,000  Ligurians.  Day  after  day,  sallying  forth 
at  sunrise,  the  Ligurians  approached  the  Roman  camp 
in  order  of  battle,  in  the  vain  hope  of  tempting  the 
Romans  to  engage  them  in  the  open.  At  nightfall,  how- 
ever, they  always  retired  to  their  own  encampments". 

Preserving  good  order  at  first,  the  Ligurians  soon  got 
tired  of  these  fruitless  parades,  and  relaxing  their  dis- 
cipline, took  to  indulgence  in  drink  before  advancing  to 
the  attack. 

On  one  of  these  occasions,  observing  the  disorder 
in  their  ranks,  Aemilius  Paulus  seized  his  opportunity, 
giving  orders  for  the  sortie  for  which  the  troops  were 
anxiously  waiting. 

The  Roman  consular  camp  at  this  period  was  square, 
and  constructed  to  contain  two  Roman  legions  and  the 
usual  complement  of  Socii — 18,600  men  in  all.  Each 
side  measured  2017  ft.l     It  was  surrounded  by  a  ditch 

1  Correspondance  de  NapoUon  /.,  Vol.  xxxi.  p.  463. 

^  Bina  cis  montes  castra  Ligurum  erant.     Livy,  xi.  38. 

3  Smith's  Did.  Greek  and  Roviati  Antiquities,  under  '  Castra.' 


CHAP.   VII.  75 

and  rampart,  the  dimensions  of  which  varied  according 
to  circumstances.  The  camp  was  divided  into  three 
nearly  equal  segments  by  two  parallel  roads  called 
'  Via  Principalis  '  and  '  Via  Quintana '  respectively.  A 
clear  space  200  ft.  wide  was  left  all  round  between 
the  vallum  and  the  tents. 

There  were  in  all  four  gates,  one  in  each  of  the  four 
sides,  called  respectively  : — 

1.  Porta  Praetoria,  facing  the  supposed  direction  of 
the  enemy. 

2.  Porta  Decumana,  furthest  from  expected  danger, 
at  the  opposite  end  of  the  camp,  by  which  wood,  water, 
etc.,  were  introduced. 

3.  Porta  Principalis  dextra )   at  either  end   of  the 

4.  do.  do.        sinistra]   Via  Principalis. 
The  praetorium  of  the  general  was  right  opposite  to 

the  Porta  Praetoria.  The  area  of  a  consular  camp  in 
the  days  of  the  Republic  contained  about  87  acres,  but 
Roman  camps  necessarily  must  have  varied  in  dimen- 
sions according  to  circumstances.  As  our  military 
authorities  calculate  that,  in  ordinary  ground,  an  un- 
skilled man  can  excavate  one  cubic  yard  per  hour, 
throwing  the  soil  inwards  to  form  the  rampart,  it  would 
have  taken  each  man  two  hours  to  excavate  every  yard 
run  of  ditch  two  yards  deep.  As  the  total  '  run  '  or 
front  of  the  four  sides  of  the  consular  camp  to  be  forti- 
fied amounted  to  2689^  yards,  it  would  have  required 
three  times  that  number  or  8068  men  to  dig  a  ditch 
three  yards  wide  and  two  yards  deep  in  two  hours. 
Another  hour  would  have  been  required  for  shaping  and 
palisading  the  vallum.  Thus  about  half  the  ordinary 
force  would  have  been  occupied  on  the  fortification  of 
the  camp,  while  the  other  half  was  available  for  protect- 
ing the  workers,  if  the  camp  had  to  be  fortified  in  the 
presence  of  the  enemy. 

Pouring  simultaneously  out  of  all  the  four  gates,  the 
Roman  legionaries  fell  with  irresistible  impetuosity  on 
the  half-drunken  Ingauni,  who  finding  themselves  as- 


•J^  CONQUEST  OF  THE  INGAUNI. 

saulted  from  all  sides  at  once  were  thrown  into  complete 
confusion,  and  offered  little  resistance.  Endeavouring 
to  regain  the  shelter  of  their  camps,  they  were  pursued 
and  overtaken  by  the  Roman  cavalry,  who  cut  them  to 
pieces  with  great  slaughter.  It  is  related  by  Livy  that 
15,000  Ligurians  were  slain  and  2500  taken  prisoners  on 
this  occasion. 

On  the  top  of  this  crushing  defeat  by  land,  at  the 
hands  of  Aemilius  Paulus,  the  Ligurians  lost  thirty-two 
of  their  piratical  ships,  captured  by  the  Roman  admiral 
C.  Matienus  at  sea. 

This  double  disaster  was  followed  by  the  uncon- 
ditional surrender  of  the  Ingauni,  who  paid  the  penalty 
of  their  treachery  and  repeated  revolts  by  the  forfeiture 
of  their  independence.  They  were  in  other  respects 
leniently  treated,  and  henceforward  furnished  contin- 
gents of  Socii  to  the  Roman  armies.  Like  our  plucky 
allies,  the  Sikhs  and  Goorkhas  in  India,  fighters  by 
instinct  and  with  no  bond  of  national  coherence,  they 
readily  took  service  under  the  Romans,  and  supplied 
some  of  the  best  material  to  their  armies.  At  the 
greatest  crisis  of  the  fortunes  of  the  later  republic,  when 
the  Cimbri  and  Teutones  threatened  to  overrun  Italy, 
the  Italian  Ligurians  in  the  army  of  Marius  were  the 
first  to  turn  the  tide  of  victory  in  favour  of  Rome. 


CHAPTER    VIII. 

Conquest  of  Transalpine  Liguria,  South  of 
THE  Durance. 

As  we  hear  absolutely  nothing  of  any  distinct  war 
between  the  Romans  and  the  Intemelii  we  are  led  to 
infer  that  they  were  involved  in  the  campaign  described 
in  the  last  chapter  and  reduced  to  subjection  in  common 
with  their  neighbours  the  Ingauni^  For,  pace  Strabo 
and  the  modern  geographers,  who  follow  Napoleon  in 
carrying  the  Alps  on  eastward,  at  the  back  of  the 
Riviera  as  far  as  Savona,  I  venture  to  think  that  those 
mountains  should  be  considered  as  belonging  to  the 
Apennines,  there  being  nothing  of  an  Alpine  character 
about  them  I  I  shall  at  all  events  take  the  liberty 
for  the  purpose  of  this  sketch  of  considering  Vintimiglia 
and  the  Col  de  Tenda  as  the  Eastern  termination  of 
the  Maritime  Alps.  Between  Vintimiglia  and  Nice  is 
interposed  the  whole  breadth  of  the  range  terminating 
in  a  succession  of  bold  headlands,  forming  a  series  of 
natural  harbours  just  where  they  are  of  little  advantage 
to  commerce,  from  the  sparseness  of  the  population  and 
the  absence  of  trade  with  the  interior. 

^  Intemelium  (the  modern  Vintimiglia),  the  point  at  which  the 
Romans  had  now  arrived,  is  described  by  Strabo  as  a  veiy  considerable 
city,  7r6XiJ  (vfie-yidrii.  It  was  situated  at  the  foot  of  the  Maritime  Alps  on 
the  Italian  side,  while  Nice  occupies  a  corresponding  position  on  the 
French  side. 

-  Since  the  above  was  in  type,  I  have  seen  with  satisfaction  that  this 
view  has  been  adopted  in  the  latest  edition  of  Ball's  Alpine  Guide  (p.  2, 
Introduction). 


yS  CONQUEST  OF   TRANSALPINE  LIGURIA. 

While  the  distance  in  the  straight  line  followed  by 
the  railway,  tunnelling  through  the  necks  of  the  pro- 
jecting headlands,  is  about  25  miles  from  the  Nervia  to 
the  Var,  the  course  of  the  Antonine  Maritime  Itinerary 
which  follows  the  windings  of  the  coast  more  than 
doubles  the  distance. 

Monaco  (Portus  Herculis  Monoeci)  and  Villefranche 
(Olivula)  are  the  two  best  known  of  these  '  portus '  of 
the  Antonine  Maritime  Itinerary. 

At  the  period  with  which  we  are  dealing,  i.e.,  the 
Ligurian  80  years'  wars  between  B.C.  190 — no,  the 
armies  of  the  Republic  made  no  attempt  to  overcome 
the  combined  opposition  of  nature  and  man  at  this 
point.  For  the  ridges  of  the  Maritime  Alps,  where  they 
approach  the  sea,  were,  as  I  have  remarked  above,  the 
strongholds  of  the  hardiest  and  most  daring  of  the 
Ligurian  tribes,  who  were  not  dispossessed  till  the  reign 
of  Augustus. 

In  dividing  the  Gauls  into  Cisalpine  and  Trans- 
alpine, as  is  commonly  the  custom,  we  are  apt  to  forget 
that  to  make  that  division  exhaustive,  we  should  add 
the  "  Gentes  Alpinae "  or  dwellers  in  the  Alps,  as  they 
are  properly  styled  by  Pliny \ 

The  regular  armies  of  the  Republic,  which  conquered 
Liguria  on  both  sides  of  the  Alps,  were  almost  invariably 
conveyed  by  sea,  and  it  was  mainly  by  sea  that  com- 
munications were  kept  up  between  Pisae,  Genoa  and 
Marseilles.  For  in  Liguria,  where  the  Romans  had  no 
intention  of  settling,  and  founded  no  colonies  at  any 
time^  road-making  by  no  means  immediately  followed 
conquest  as  elsewhere.  They  were  in  no  hurry  to 
provide  a  coast    road    convenient    for    Gallic   invasion. 


1  I/ist.  Nat.  III.  19. 

-  Albium  Ingaunorum  and  Albium  Intemelium  were  Roman  Municipia, 
which  dift'ered  from  Colonies  in  their  manner  of  originating.  WTiile  a 
municipium  was  a  provincial  or  foreign  town  admitted  from  without  to 
Roman  citizenship,  a  colony  was  a  place  to  which  a  body  of  citizens  was 
conducted  from  Rome. 


CHAP.  VIII.  79 

Besides,  the  Romans  had  another  good  reason  for  pulling 
up  for  the  present  at  Vintimiglia. 

For  Transalpine  Liguria,  the  AiyvariKy']  of  the  Greeks, 
was  already  occupied  by  the  Massiliots,  who  had  planted 
colonies  along  the  coast,  of  which  the  most  conspicuous 
was  Nicaea,  in  the  sunny  expanse  between  the  Alps, 
the  Var,  and  the  sea.  With  their  practised  eye  for 
trading  posts,  the  Phocaean  Massiliots  were  not  slow  to 
pitch  on  this  splendid  site,  now  occupied  by  the  city  of 
Nice,  defended  on  all  sides  by  natural  barriers,  and  wide 
open  to  the  sea,  of  which  they  had  just  become  masters 
by  a  victory,  '  NUt]  ' — over  the  Carthaginian  fleet  off 
Corsica. 

Beyond  the  Var,  westward,  between  the  Alps  and 
the  sea  there  is  a  band  of  comparatively  flat  coast, 
extending  some  20  miles  as  far  as  the  river  Siagne,  at 
the  foot  of  the  Esterel  mountains.  This  striking  range 
of  volcanic  peaks  composed  of  red  porphyry  rocks 
terminates  in  the  bold  headland  of  Cap  Roux,  forming 
the  western  horn  of  the  Bay  of  Cannes.  From  the  flat 
coast  half-way  between  the  Alps  and  the  Esterel,  a  long 
narrow  cape,  broadening  at  its  sea  end,  projects  far  into 
the  Mediterranean,  forming  a  natural  breakwater.  On 
the  eastern  side  of  the  neck  of  this  cape,  the  Massiliots 
founded  another  city  which  they  called  '  Antipolis ' 
(Antibes)  or  "  the  city  opposite  "  Nicaea. 

It  was  not  till  they  were  summoned  to  their  assistance 
by  the  Massiliots  that  the  Romans  undertook  military 
operations  to  the  west  of  the  Alps  in  the  region  between 
the  Var  and  the  Rhone,  which  I  shall  continue  to 
describe  as  Transalpine  Liguria. 

It  was  in  the  year  B.C.  155  that  Massiliot  envoys 
arrived  in  Rome,  with  earnest  entreaties  for  assistance 
against  their  Ligurian  assailants.  Not  only  was  the 
mother  city  closely  beleaguered  by  her  persistent  foes, 
the  Salyes,  but  siege  was  also  laid  to  Nicaea  and  Anti- 
polis by  tribes  now  heard  of  for  the  first  time — the 
Ligurian  Oxybii  and  Deciates.     It  is  somewhat  strange 


8o  CONQUEST  OF  TRANSALPINE  LIGURIA. 

that  the  Vediantii,  a  tribe  of  the  Ligures  Capillati, 
whose  oppidiim,  the  modem  Cimiez,  was  in  close 
proximity  to  Nice,  are  nowhere  mentioned  as  joining  in 
the  attacks  on  the  Greek  settlers. 

These  three  tribes,  or  confederation  of  tribes,  Salyes, 
Oxybii,  Deciates,  between  them  seem  to  have  occupied 
the  whole  stretch  of  the  coast  from  Marseilles  to  the  Var. 
At  all  events  these  are  the  only  names  mentioned  by 
Strabo  or  Polybius.  The  latter,  who  was  contemporary 
with  these  events,  is  our  chief  authority  for  the  few  facts 
handed  down  to  us  about  the  beginning  of  Roman 
military  operations  in  Transalpine  Liguria. 

The  Ligurians  of  the  coast  are  not  included  in  the 
formidable  list  of  Alpine  tribes  subdued  by  Augustus, 
and  preserved  to  us  by  Pliny,  who  copied  them  from 
the  inscription  on  the  monument  of  La  Turbie.  They 
are  enumerated,  as  far  as  they  can  be  identified,  in  their 
order  from  East  to  West. 

Having  given  a  careful  hearing  to  the  representa- 
tions of  the  envoys  from  Marseilles,  the  Senate  decided 
to  send  in  the  first  instance  three  Roman  commis- 
sioners to  endeavour  to  bring  the  Ligurians  to  reason 
by  peaceful  remonstrance. 

Proceeding  to  the  Ligurian  coast  by  sea,  with  a 
small  unarmed  retinue,  the  commissioners,  of  whom  the 
chief  was  Flaminius,  directed  their  course  to  the  chief 
oppidiim  of  the  Oxybii — a  place  called  Aegytna,  near 
the  mouth  of  a  river,  which  Polybius  calls  the  Apron  ^ 
That  Aegytna  may  be  identified  with  Cannes,  and  the 
Apron  with  the  river  Siagne  seems  on  the  whole  most 
probable.  For  Aegytna  was  a  few  miles  to  the  west  of 
Antipolis  (Antibes),  and  no  other  place  agrees  so  well  as 
Cannes  with  the  required  distance  and  the  existence  of 
a  river  with  flat  ground  near  its  mouth  to  hold  the 
camp  which  the  Consul  Opimius  pitched  on  its  bank  the 
following  year. 

^  Vol.  II.  Fragments. 


CHAP.    VIII.  8l 

The  competing  sites  for  the  honour  of  identification 
with  Aegytna  are  Frejus  (Forum  Julii),  Agay,  on  an 
almost  landlocked  bay  in  the  heart  of  the  Esterel, 
and  Encourdoules,  a  most  interesting  Ligurian  oppidum 
perched  on  an  eminence  above  Vallauris  and  command- 
ing a  splendid  view  of  the  coast,  from  which  the  Cap 
d'Antibes  protrudes.  In  point  of  archaeological  interest, 
Encourdoules,  as  I  have  remarked  in  the  special  Chapter 
devoted  to  the  Ligurians,  is  worthy  of  being  ranked  by 
the  side  of  Entremont. 

We  may  assume  then  that  it  was  at  Cannes,  where 
the  Roman  Commissioners  put  ashore. 

But  before  the  whole  party  had  landed,  the  Oxybians 
who  were  on  the  look-out  rushed  down  from  their 
stronghold  and  fell  upon  the  servants  of  the  com- 
missioners while  in  the  act  of  unpacking  the  baggage. 

Hurrying  to  the  assistance  of  his  retinue,  two  of 
whom  were  killed  in  the  fray,  Flaminius  himself  was 
severely  wounded,  and  barely  escaped  with  his  life  to 
the  vessel,  which  lay  off  the  shore.  Making  for  Mar- 
seilles, as  being  the  nearest  friendly  port,  though  more 
than  100  miles  to  the  westward,  the  Roman  Commis- 
sioners put  in  there,  and  leaving  their  wounded  chief  to 
the  careful  nursing  of  their  faithful  allies,  hastened  back 
to  Rome  to  report  the  outrage. 

On  receipt  of  this  intelligence,  the  Senate  at  once 
sent  orders  to  the  Consul  Quintus  Opimius,  who  had 
his  head-quarters  in  Cisalpine  Gaul  at  Placentia,  to  fit 
out  an  expedition  to  avenge  this  glaring  insult.  In 
connection  with  this  expedition,  it  is  worthy  of  notice 
that  already  in  these  early  days,  Placentia  rather  than 
Pisae  had  become  the  Roman  base  for  operations  on 
the  coast  of  Provence.  This  fact  should  be  borne  in 
mind  in  connection  with  the  course  of  the  Via  Julia 
Augusta,  the  road  constructed  B.C.  12  by  Augustus 
to  connect  the  Riviera  stations  of  the  Maritime  Alps 
with  Rome,  which  was  carried  inland  through  Placentia 
in  preference  to  following  the  coast. 

H.  6 


82  CONQUEST   OF   TRANSALPINE   LIGURIA. 

In  this  instance  too,  as  previously,  in  his  account 
of  the  course  of  Hannibal's  passage,  Polybius,  although 
now  describing  events  which  happened  when  he  was  in 
his  prime,  is  a  most  unsatisfactory  guide  in  point  of 
geography.  He  barely  informs  us  that  "Quintus  having 
assembled  his  forces  at  the  city  of  the  Placentines, 
marched  across  the  mountains  of  the  Apennines  and 
arrived  in  the  country  of  the  Oxybians\" 

From  this  passage  the  reader  unacquainted  with  the 
geography  of  the  region  would  naturally  infer  that  the 
Apennines  were  the  chief  obstacle  which  Opimius  would 
have  encountered  in  his  march  from  Placentia  on  the 
Po  to  Aegytna  on  the  coast.  Not  a  word  is  said, 
directly  or  indirectly,  about  the  main  range  of  the 
Maritime  Alps,  which  lay  right  across  his  further  advance 
by  road.  As  far  as  Polybius  is  concerned  we  are  left 
absolutely  in  the  dark  as  to  how  the  expedition  really 
got  to  Aegytna. 

To  anyone  acquainted  with  the  geography  of  the 
district  it  becomes  clear  that  after  crossing  the  Apen- 
nines to  Genoa  or  Vada  Sabata  Opimius  must  have 
proceeded  to  Aegytna  by  sea.  For,  had  he  accomplished 
the  as  yet  unattempted  task  of  carrying  an  army  across 
the  Maritime  Alps,  he  must  have  descended  on  Nice, 
and  first  encountered  the  Deciates  who  were  laying  siege 
to  Nice,  instead  of  the  Oxybii  at  Aegytna,  as  stated  in 
the  text  of  Polybius. 

Sailing  up  the  River  '  Apron '  (la  Siagne)  Opimius 
landed  his  troops  and  pitched  his  camp  on  the  bank 
near  its  mouth.  After  devoting  the  two  or  three  hours 
requisite^  to  the  never-omitted  precaution  of  fortifying 
the  camp,  the  Consul,  without  further  delay,  led  his  men 
to  the  assault  of  the  enemy's  stronghold. 

In  the  absence  of  the  main  body  of  its  defenders, 
still  apparently  engaged  in  the  siege  of  Antipolis,  the 
Oxybian  stronghold  fell  an  easy  prey  to  the  Romans. 

1  Polybius,  xxxin.  2. 
^  See  preceding  Chapter. 


CHAP.   VIII.  83 

As  a  sharp  punishment  Aegytna  was  levelled  to  the 
ground  and  the  chief  instigators  of  the  outrage  on  the 
Commissioners  taken  prisoners  and  sent  in  bonds  to 
Rome. 

No  sooner  did  the  Oxybii  hear  of  the  destruction  of 
Aegytna,  than  abandoning  the  siege  of  Antipolis  and 
without  waiting  for  the  arrival  of  their  allies,  the  Deciates, 
they  hurried  homewards  to  encounter  the  Romans. 

In  the  fight  which  ensued,  the  Oxybii,  single  handed, 
proved  no  match  for  the  Roman  legionaries,  and  were 
soon  put  to  flight  with  great  slaughter.  With  the 
Romans  in  hot  pursuit,  the  Oxybii  fled  towards  Nice 
in  the  utmost  confusion,  never  stopping  till  they  fell  in 
with  the  Deciates,  who  had  abandoned  the  blockade  of 
Nice  to  come  to  the  aid  of  their  allies. 

But  the  Deciates,  who  had  probably  been  delayed  by 
the  difficulty  of  passing  the  Var,  came  up  too  late  to 
render  other  assistance  than  that  of  opening  their  ranks 
to  let  the  fugitives  through,  and  closing  them  up  to  stay 
the  pursuit  of  the  Romans.  After  an  obstinate  resistance, 
the  Deciates  were  in  their  turn  overwhelmed,  and  both 
tribes  were  reduced  to  complete  subjection.  Neither 
Oxybii  nor  Deciates  appear  to  have  given  any  more 
trouble  to  the  Greek  settlers,  to  whom,  as  we  are  informed 
by  Polybius,  they  were  bound  to  give  hostages,  at  stated 
intervals^  for  their  good  behaviour. 

Although  the  Roman  army  was  quartered  in  the 
district  for  the  winter,  the  Romans  on  this  occasion 
abstained  from  annexing  any  territory,  handing  over  to 
the  Massiliots  the  strip  of  coast  which  had  been  the 
scene  of  their  late  victories.  This  concession  of  the 
territory  was  subject  to  the  condition  of  a  right  of 
passage  over  the  road  to  be  constructed  by  the  Massiliots 
along  the  coast  from  Nice  to  Marseilles. 

For  the  next  30  years,  from  B.C.  154 — 125,  we 
hear  nothing  of  Ligurian  wars,  although  the  conquest 
of  the  Salyes,  the  predominant  tribe  or  confederation 
in  Transalpine  Liguria,  still  remained  to  be  effected.    As 

6—2 


84  CONQUEST   OF   TRANSALPINE   LIGURIA. 

this  period  of  Roman  history  was  marked  by  such 
important  events  as  the  third  Punic  War,  the  final 
destruction  of  Carthage,  and  the  siege  and  capture  of 
Numantia  in  Spain  (at  which  Polybius  assisted),  the 
Romans  had  their  hands  full  of  fighting  elsewhere.  It 
is  therefore  probable  that  even  had  the  Massiliots  applied 
for  aid  earlier,  no  Roman  troops  could  have  been  spared 
for  their  protection  against  the  Salyes. 

When  however  in  the  year  B.C.  125  Massiliot  envoys 
arrived  at  Rome,  representing  the  gravity  of  the  situa- 
tion at  Marseilles  from  the  increasing  pressure  of  the 
siege,  no  important  military  operations  elsewhere  pre- 
vented the  Senate  from  promising  immediate  assistance. 
Not  only  were  the  Romans  free  from  the  necessity  of 
carrying  on  war  elsewhere,  but  the  Senate  was  glad  to 
be  able  at  one  stroke  to  accommodate  its  ancient  ally, 
the  conservative  republic  of  Marseilles,  by  sending  on 
foreign  service  the  radical  Consul,  Fulvius  Flaccus,  the 
impetuous  coadjutor  of  the  Gracchi,  whose  land-agitation 
was  now  at  its  height. 

Nor  is  it  unlikely  that  Fulvius  started  willingly 
enough  for  Gaul,  and  with  the  approval  of  his  friend 
Caius  Gracchus,  in  the  hope  of  acquiring  by  his  conquests 
fertile  territory  beyond  the  Alps,  wherewith  to  satisfy 
the  land  hunger  of  the  populace  at  home. 

As  a  matter  of  fact,  the  colonization  of  Narbonne 
in  B.C.  118 — the  first  regular  Roman  colony  settled 
beyond  the  Alps — did  directly  result  from  the  four  years' 
campaign  initiated  by  Fulvius  Flaccus.  But  both  he 
and  his  friend  Caius  Gracchus  had  three  years  previously 
lost  their  lives  in  one  of  the  city  broils,  which  disgraced 
Roman  politics  during  that  turbulent  era.  The  sporadic 
settlements  of  Roman  citizens  in  Spain  were  not  as  yet 
real  colonies,  and  the  decree  forced  through  the  Senate 
by  the  radicals,  to  establish  the  Roman  colony  of 
Junonia  on  the  site  of  Carthage,  was  annulled,  when  the 
con.servative  party  in  the  Senate  recovered  its  authority. 

It  seems  doubtful  whether  the  Romans  fully  realized 


CHAP.   VIII.  85 

at  the  outset  of  the  campaign,  how  formidable  a  foe  they 
had  to  encounter  in  the  Salyes,  or  Salluvii — the  Latinised 
form  of  their  name.  Hitherto,  on  the  Riviera,  the  heavy- 
armed  legionaries  had  had  to  do  mostly  with  light-footed 
Ligurian  mountaineers,  whom  to  find  was  a  tougher  job 
than  to  beat,  as  one  of  their  historians  truly  remarked \ 

It  was  far  otherwise  with  the  Salluvii,  who  occupied 
the  comparatively  open  country  between  the  Rhone,  the 
Mediterranean,  and  the  Durance.  According  to  Strabo, 
their  territory  included  the  pastures  bordering  on  the 
Rhone  about  Aries.  This  gave  them  facilities  for  horse- 
breeding,  denied  to  the  Ligurians  whom  the  Romans 
had  hitherto  encountered  along  the  Italian  and  French 
Rivieras.  Thus  the  Salluvii  were  enabled  to  put  into 
the  field  a  formidable  force  of  cavalry,  always  a  weak 
arm  with  the  Roman  armies  before  Caesar's  conquest 
of  Transalpine  Gaul,  which  furnished  an  inexhaustible 
supply  during  the  Civil  War,  and  subsequently  during 
the  Empire.  Aries  itself,  as  we  are  told  by  Ptolemy^ 
was  a  city  of  the  Salyes,  being  styled  "  Arelate  Salyum." 

Occupying  a  central  position  at  the  South-Western 
corner  of  the  Alps,  between  the  Riviera  and  the  Rhone 
Valley,  the  Salluvii  are  a  people  who  play  a  most  im- 
portant part  in  the  story  of  the  advance  of  the  Romans 
into  Gaul.  Their  territory,  in  fact,  forms  a  sort  of  pivot 
on  which  it  turns.  Yet  their  very  name  is  hardly 
known  to  British  students  of  Roman  history — a  fact  to 
be  mainly  accounted  for  by  the  loss  of  that  part  of 
Livy's  history,  which  would  have  told  us  a  great  deal 
about  them. 

Our  interest  in  the  Salluvii  is  not  confined  to  the 
campaigns  of  Fulvius  Flaccus  and  Sextus  Calvinus,  but 
is  revived  twenty  years  later  in  connection  with  the 
battle  of  Aix  and  the  great  slaughter  of  the  Ambrones 
and  Teutones  in  the  valley  of  the  Arc.  For  it  was  in 
the  territory  of  the    Salluvii    that    the  attempted  bar^ 

1  Florus,  ch.  XVIII. 
*  Ptolemy,  li.  10,  15. 


86  CONQUEST  OF  TRANSALPINE  LIGURIA. 

barian  invasion  of  Italy  was  finally  arrested \  All  that 
we  learn  from  Livy  about  the  Salluvii  is  contained  in 
the  Epitome  of  Lib.  LX.:  "  Fulvius  Flaccus  primus 
Transalpinos  Ligures  domuit  bello,  missus  in  auxilium 
Massiliensibus  adversus  Salluvios  Gallos,  qui  fines 
Massiliensium  populabantur." 

It  will  be  observed  that  in  this  extract  from  the 
Epitome  of  Lib.  LX.  the  epitomist  in  referring  to  the 
Salluvii  describes  them  in  the  first  line  as  "  Trans- 
alpinos Ligures "  and  in  the  second  as  "  Gallos."  The 
term  '  Galli '  is  evidently  used  here  in  a  geographical 
and  not  an  ethnological  sense.  The  word  '  Gallus ' 
means  simply  an  inhabitant  of  'Gallia'  irrespective  of 
nationality,  just  as  the  name  Englishman  is  sometimes 
used  to  include  all  the  dwellers  within  the  limits  of 
Britain.  For  there  is  no  doubt  that  Pliny  was  correct  in 
describing  the  Salluvii  as  "  Ligurum  celeberrimi  ultra 
Alpes'."  Both  Caesar,  Livy  and  Strabo  use  the  word 
'  Galli'  or  its  equivalent  '  Celtae '  in  a  double  sense,  some- 
times general  and  sometimes  particular.  It  is  very 
necessary  to  bear  this  fact  constantly  in  mind  in  read- 
ing the  three  writers  I  have  named. 

Having  recently  made  several  journeys  through  the 
country  of  the  Salluvii,  I  may  be  excused  for  drawing 
the  reader's  special  attention  to  this  neglected  corner  of 
France. 

While  the  Rhone  formed  the  western  limit  of  their 
territory,  it  is  difficult  to  determine  exactly  where  it 
terminated  on  the  East.  For  whereas  the  main  direc- 
tion of  the  Rhone  and  of  most  of  the  rivers  or  torrents 
descending  from  the  Alps  and  Apennines  along  both 
the  French  and  Italian  Rivieras  is  from  North  to 
South,  in  the  country  of  the  Salluvii  the  rivers  run 
rather  parallel  with  than  at  a  right  angle  to  the  Mediter- 
ranean. The  direct  flow  into  the  Mediterranean  of  the 
rivers  fed  by  the  water-bearing  limestone  of  the  Basses 

'  See  map  of  mouths  of  the  Rhone, 
2  Plin.  Nai.  Hist.  n\.  7. 


CHAP.   VIII,  87 

Alpes,  has  been  blocked  by  the  interposition  of  the 
isolated  Volcanic  range  of  the  mountains  of  Les  Maures 
and  diverted  into  a  great  inland  trough,  running  East 
and  West.  About  the  centre  of  this  trough,  dividing  it 
into  an  Eastern  and  Western  basin,  there  is  a  picturesque 
Col,  near  the  modern  town  of  St  Maximin,  which  is 
famous  for  its  magnificent  church.  This  Col  forms  a 
watershed,  dividing  the  basin  of  the  Arc  flowing 
westward  into  the  Etang  de  Berre,  from  that  of  the 
Argens  flowing  eastward  into  the  Bay  of  Frejus.  The 
Col  de  St  Maximin  probably  formed  the  Eastern  limit 
of  the  territory  of  the  Salluvii,  who  do  not  appear  to 
have  descended  into  the  basin  of  the  Argens,  the  lower 
half  of  which,  including  Forum  Julii  at  its  mouth,  is 
assigned  by  Pliny  to  the  Oxybii^ 

Being  already  in  possession  of  Aries,  the  Salluvii 
were  now  pressing  harder  than  ever  on  Massilia,  which 
would  probably  have  fallen  into  their  hands  but  for  its 
remarkable  natural  defences.  For,  as  I  have  remarked 
above,  its  surrounding  zone  is  sheltered  from  all  attack 
from  the  north,  whether  of  nature  or  man,  by  an  en- 
circling girdle  of  limestone  hills,  rising  like  a  wall 
abruptly  from  the  table-land.  Against  this  outer  rocky 
barrier,  the  Salluvii  had  hitherto  fretted  in  vain. 

Such  then  was  the  country  of  the  Salluvii  and  such 
the  circumstances  under  which,  in  B.C.  125,  the  consul 
Fulvius  Flaccus  was  sent  to  the  assistance  of  the  hard- 
pressed  Massiliots.  As  unfortunately  no  details  of  these 
campaigns  have  been  handed  down  to  us,  we  have 
nothing  to  guide  us  but  the  bare  outlines  supplied  by 
the  epitomes  of  Livy's  lost  books,  the  dates  of  the 
triumphs  of  the  Roman  commanders  recorded  in  the 
Fasti  Capitolini,  and  a  few  incidental  notices  to  be  found 
in  various  classical  authors  and  notably  Strabo.  We 
are  not  even  told  from  what  Italian  port  Fulvius  sailed, 
nor  where  he  landed  in  Liguria.  For  it  must  be  assumed 
that  he  conveyed  his  legions  by  sea  to  some  point  on  the 

1  Plin.  Nai.  Hist.  ni.  5. 


88  CONQUEST   OF   TRANSALPINE   LIGURIA. 

coast  beyond  the  Maritime  Alps,  there  being  no  thorough- 
fare as  yet  by  land. 

That  this  point  was  Forum  Julii,  the  modern  Frejus, 
can  hardly  be  doubted  by  anyone  sufficiently  acquainted 
with  the  topography  of  Provence. 

Having  reduced  the  Oxybii  to  subjection  in  the 
campaign  of  Opimius,  the  Romans  would  have  had  no 
opposition  to  fear  from  that  confederation  in  marching 
up  the  lower  valley  of  the  Argens. 

The  striking  gap  formed  by  the  valley  of  the  Argens 
between  the  mountains  of  the  Moors  and  the  spurs  of 
the  Basses  Alpes  could  not  have  failed  to  attract  the 
notice  of  the  Roman  flotilla,  as  it  rounded  the  bold 
headland  of  the  Cap  Roux,  as  offering  an  irresistibly 
inviting  short  cut  into  the  heart  of  the  enemy's  country. 
Well  might  Tacitus,  who  was  associated  with  Forum 
Julii  as  the  birthplace  of  his  father-in-law  Agricola\ 
describe  it  as  '  Claustra  maris.'  He  might  have  added 
that  it  was  also  '  Claustra  Galliae.'  Its  concave  semi- 
circular Roman  gateway — Western  Gate — of  which  I 
lately  excavated  the  foundations,  still  bears  the  name 
'  Porte  des  Gaules.' 

As  if  Nature  had  herself  recognised  the  necessity  of 
a  barrier  to  invasion  of  Gaul  by  this  open  door,  she  has 
posted  in  the  gap  the  rugged  mass  of  Roquebrune,  like  a 
giant  sentinel  mounting  guard  over  the  valley.  To  strike 
straight  at  Entremont  their  stronghold,  in  the  rear  of  the 
enemy  besieging  Marseilles,  was  obviously  the  surest 
way  of  compelling  the  Salluvii  to  withdraw  their  forces. 
It  seems  almost  certain  that  these  were  the  tactics 
adopted  by  the  Romans. 

But  whatever  course  Fulvius  Flaccus  adopted,  a 
second  campaign  was  required  to  overcome  the  stubborn 
resistance  of  the  Salluvii.  For  it  was  reserved  for  his 
successor  Caius  Sextius  Calvinus  in  the  following  year  to 

^  Julia,  the  mother  of  Agricola,  had  also  a  country  residence  near 
Vintimiglia,  where  she  was  barbarously  murdered  (a.d.  69)  by  the  troops  of 
Otho,  in  revenge  for  aid  afforded  to  his  rival  Vitellius. 


[  To  face  p. 


CHAP.  VIII.  89 

triumph  over  them.  It  is  recorded  in  the  Fasti  Capito- 
lini  for  the  year  B.C.  124,  that  "  Caius  Sextius  Calvinus 
triumphavit  de  Liguribus  Vocontiis  Salluviisque." 

From  Strabo  (p.  190),  however,  we  gather  that  the 
Salyes  were  far  from  being  completely  crushed.  This 
is  his  summing  up  of  the  results  of  the  two  campaigns, 
i.e.  of  B.C.  125  and  124  ; 

"  Sextius,  who  broke  up  the  confederation  of  the 
Salyes,  founded,  not  far  from  Marseilles,  a  city  (Aquae 
Sextiae)  which  was  named  after  him  and  the  hot  waters, 
some  of  which  they  say  have  lost  their  heat.  Here  he 
established  a  Roman  garrison,  and  drove  from  the  sea 
coast  which  leads  from  Marseilles  to  Italy  the  barbarians, 
whom  the  Massiliots  were  not  able  to  keep  back  entirely. 
However,  all  he  accomplished  by  this  was  to  compel  the 
barbarians  to  keep  at  a  distance  of  twelve  stadia  from 
those  parts  of  the  coast  which  possessed  good  harbours, 
and  at  a  distance  of  eight  stadia  where  it  was  rugged. 
The  land  which  they  thus  abandoned  he  presented  to 
the  Massiliots." 

This  passage  seems  to  prove  that  the  whole  stretch 
of  the  coast  forming  a  fringe  to  the  mountains  of  the 
Moors  and  trending  southwards  to  Hyeres  from  the 
mouth  of  the  Argens,  formed  part  of  the  territory  of  the 
Salyes  or  Salluvii.  The  names  of  tribes  other  than  the 
Salluvii  mentioned  by  Pliny  as  belonging  to  this  region 
must  be  regarded  as  subordinate  members  of  the  Sallu- 
vian  confederation. 


CHAPTER    IX. 

Campaigns  to  the  North  of  the  Durance. 

Although  Fulvius  Flaccus  failed  in  the  year  of  his 
Consulship  B.C.  125  to  earn  a  triumph  over  the  Salluvii, 
against  whom  he  was  primarily  sent,  his  name  is  found 
recorded  in  the  Fasti  Capitolini  as  triumphing  over  the 
"  Ligurian  Vocontii  "  two  years  later:  viz.,  B.C.  123. 
Beyond  this  bare  record  we  know  nothing  of  this  the 
first  campaign  undertaken  by  the  Romans  north  of  the 
Durance,  except  that,  when  vanquished,  the  Vocontii 
were  treated  with  the  same  leniency  as  the  Volcae  Are- 
comici  and  were  not  made  subject  to  the  Governor  of 
the  Roman  Province  like  their  neighbours,  the  Allo- 
broges  and  Salluvii.  For  it  is  expressly  stated  by 
Strabo  that  the  Vocontii  were  left  in  the  enjoyment  of 
their  own  laws\ 

Their  territory  lay  along  the  spurs  of  the  Alps, 
including  the  Mont  Ventoux.  It  was  separated  from 
the  Rhone  by  the  vast  plain  of  the  Cavares,  whose 
capital  was  Arausio — the  modern  Orange.  Being  of 
Ligurian  blood,  the  Vocontii,  with  the  instinct  of  their 
race,  clung  to  the  mountainous  region  at  the  foot  of  the 
Alps,  extending  from  the  Durance  on  the  South-East  to 
the  Isere  on  the  North,  comprising  the  Upper  Valley  of 
the  Drome  and  the  tremendous  and  inaccessible  preci- 
pices about  its  source.  The  southern  capital  of  the 
Vocontii  was  Vasio — the  modern  Vaison — situate  about 
18  miles    to  the   East  of  Orange    and   commanding  a 

^  Strabo,  p.  203. 


CHAP.   IX.  91 

picturesque  gorge  of  the  river  Uvezes,  there  spanned  by 
a  single-arched  Roman  bridge.  Lucus  (Luc)  and  Dea 
(Die),  both  in  the  valley  of  the  Drome,  were  the  chief 
towns  in  the  northern  half  of  the  Vocontian  territory. 
All  three  places  are  rich  in  historical  associations,  and 
have  furnished  many  interesting  specimens  of  early 
so-called  Gallo-Roman  sculpture  and  inscriptions  to 
French  Museums,  and  especially  to  that  of  Avignon \ 

Adopted  by  Julius  Caesar,  at  the  outset  of  the  Gallic 
war,  as  the  shortest  cut  from  his  Cisalpine  into  his 
Transalpine  province,  the  valley  of  the  Drome  served  as 
a  convenient  thoroughfare  intermediate  between  the 
Valleys  of  the  Durance  (Mont  Genevre)  and  of  the 
Isere  (Little  St  Bernard  and  Mt  Cenis). 

When  Pompey  20  years  earlier  crossed  the  Mont 
Genevre  or  Cottian  Alps  on  his  way  to  put  down 
Sertorius  in  Spain,  he  would  naturally  have  followed 
the  Durance  valley  for  its  entire  length  south-west- 
wards, whereas  Julius  Caesar,  having  crossed  the  Alps 
by  the  same  pass — in  order  to  reach  the  country  of  the 
Vocontii  from  Ocelum",  would  have  diverged  from  the 
Durance  valley  near  Gap  (Vapincum)  and  struck  across 
the  pass  of  the  Mt  Gaura  into  the  Drome  valley.  This 
is  precisely  the  course  adopted  by  the  little  known 
modern  railway  line  from  Briangon  in  the  Durance 
valley,  to  Livron  in  the  Rhone  valley,  cutting  the 
strikingly  beautiful  Marseilles-Grenoble  line  at  a  right 
angle,  at  the  junction  of  Aspres-Veynes^  As  the 
Vocontii  were  left  to  govern  themselves  internally,  being 
only  liable  to  furnish  a  contingent  of  Socii  to  the  armies 
of  Rome,  no  garrison  was  left  in  their  country,  so  that 
Aquae  Sextiae  to  the   South  of  the  Durance  still  re- 


'  Some  of  the  specimens  of  so-called  Gallo-Roman  sculpture  from 
Vaison  resemble  the  bas-reliefs  of  Entremont  in  their  rude  features,  i.e. 
they  may  be  of  Ligurian  origin. 

^  Caesar,  de  Bella  Gallico,  I.  lo. 

'  An  excellent  dinner  is  provided  at  the  Railway  refreshment  room  and 
fair  accommodation  for  the  night  at  the  Hotel. 


92   CAMPAIGNS  TO  THE  NORTH  OF  THE  DURANCE. 

mained  the  most  advanced  Roman  post  in  Transalpine 
Liguria,  when  the  war  with  the  Allobroges  and  Arverni 
broke  out. 

For  the  campaigns  against  the  Salluvii  and  Vocontii 
were  immediately  followed  by  a  war  with  the  Allo- 
broges, brought  on  by  their  refusal  to  give  up  to  the 
Romans  Teutomalius,  King  of  the  Salluvii,  who  had 
fled  to  their  country  for  refuge.  That  Teutomalius  a 
Ligurian  should  have  confided  in  the  loyalty  of  the 
Celtic  Allobroges,  is  a  proof  of  the  fusion  of  Ligurians 
and  Celts  in  a  common  league  of  resistance  to  the 
Romans.  About  this  time,  too,  the  Allobroges  had 
further  incurred  the  displeasure  of  the  Romans  by  vio- 
lating the  territory  of  the  Aedui,  who  even  at  this  early 
period  of  Roman  intervention  in  Gaul  had  been  declared 
the  allies  and  brothers  of  the  Romans.  But  war  with 
the  Allobroges  'the  Clients'  implied  also  war  with  the 
Arverni,  their  Patrons,  then  by  far  the  most  powerful 
of  all  the  Gallic  confederations.  For,  according  to 
Strabo^  the  Arverni,  on  this  the  first  occasion  of  their 
coming  into  hostile  contact  with  the  Romans,  put 
200,000  fighting  men  into  the  field. 

But  before  the  Arverni  could  move  this  unwieldy 
force  down  to  the  Rhone  the  Proconsul  Domitius  Aheno- 
barbus  attacked  and  defeated  the  Allobroges  single- 
handed  at  Vindalium  at  the  junction  of  the  Sorgue  and 
the  Rhone,  in  the  territory  of  the  Cavari.  What 
induced  the  Allobroges  to  advance  so  far  south  beyond 
their  own  frontier,  is  nowhere  satisfactorily  explained. 

Falling  back,  after  their  defeat,  to  the  line  of  the 
Isere,  the  Allobroges,  secure  from  further  attack  in  the 
angle  formed  by  that  river  with  the  Rhone — the  island 
of  Polybius — quietly  awaited  the  arrival  of  their  power- 
ful patrons,  the  Arverni. 

The  army  of  the  Proconsul  Domitius  had  been  in 
the  meanwhile  joined  by  that  of  the  Consul  of  the  year 
122,     Quintus    Fabius     Maximus,    the    Senate    having 

^  Strabo,  p.  190. 


CHAP.  IX.  93 

foreseen  the  necessity  of  doubling  the  Roman  forces  to 
enable  them  to  cope  with  the  Allobroges  and  Arverni 
combined.  But  the  two  Roman  armies  together  made 
such  a  poor  show  compared  with  the  masses  of  Celts 
opposed  to  them,  that  Bituitus,  the  king  of  the  Arverni, 
declared  they  would  hardly  suffice  to  make  a  meal  for 
his  pack  of  war-hounds. 

Considering  that  the  battle,  which  ensued,  decided 
once  for  all  the  fate  of  the  Rhone  valley,  it  is  surprising 
how  little  attention  it  has  received  at  the  hands  of 
students  of  Roman  history.  For  the  victory  won  on  this 
occasion  by  Fabius  and  Domitius  at  the  junction  of  the 
Rhone  and  the  Isere  was  the  first  decisive  blow  dealt  by 
the  Romans  to  the  confederation  of  the  Arverni,  then, 
as  70  years  later  at  the  period  of  Caesar's  Gallic  War, 
the  mainspring  of  Gallic  resistance. 

Planted  in  impregnable  positions  in  the  mountains 
of  the  Auvergne — the  central  boss  of  the  shield  of 
France — the  Arverni  alone  proved  themselves  capable 
of  awakening  national  enthusiasm  and  of  binding  tem- 
porarily together  for  a  common  purpose  the  incoherent 
elements  of  which  Gaul  was  made  up. 

The  aspect  of  the  symmetrical  Cupola  of  the  Puy 
de  Dome  rising  above  an  undulating  foreground  of  lower 
ranges  like  St  Peter's  as  seen  from  the  Roman  Campagna^ 
is  in  itself  sufficient  to  strike  the  modern  traveller  with 
admiration.  How  much  more  must  the  rude  Celtic 
worshipper  have  been  impressed  by  such  imposing  sur- 
roundings, when  the  massive  temple  and  colossal  statue 
of  the  Arverne  Mercury  still  stood  erects  The  Puy  de 
Dome  was  the  Delphi  of  Gaul. 

^  As  I  saw  it  from  the  plateau  of  Gergovia,  I  was  reminded  of  Mrs 
Browning's  lines : 

"Over  the  dumb  Campagna-sea, 

Out  in  the  offing  through  mist  and  rain, 
Saint  Peter's  Church  heaves  silently 
Like  a  mighty  ship  in  pain." 

2  De  Bella  Gallico,  vi.  17,  "  Deum  maxime  Mercurium  colunt." 


94   CAMPAIGNS  TO  THE  NORTH  OF  THE  DURANCE. 

If  Celtic  blood  is  still  pure  anywhere  in  France,  it 
must  surely  be  in  the  mountains  of  the  Auvergne,  where 
the  spirit  of  Vercingetorix  seems  still  to  hover  over  the 
Puy  de  Dome  and  the  plateau  of  Gergovia.  For  there 
alone  did  the  Romans,  when  led  by  Julius  Caesar  in 
person,  meet  with  defeat  at  the  hands  of  Gauls \ 

Conspicuous  in  his  gorgeous  apparel  and  golden 
helmet  and  drawn  along  the  front  of  his  army  in  his 
silver  chariot  Bituitus,  the  ancestor  of  Vercingetorix,  and 
overlord  of  all  Gallia,  regarded  the  Romans  as  doomed 
to  certain  destruction. 

According  to  Orosius'^  the  battle  was  long  and 
obstinate,  and  only  decided  late  in  the  day  in  favour 
of  the  Romans,  by  a  panic  which  set  in  amongst  the 
Gauls.  In  his  Belluin  Allobr-ogiann  Epitome  xxxvil., 
Florus  attributes  the  Gallic  defeat  to  the  terror  inspired 
by  the  elephants,  remarking  that  it  was  "  a  barbarous 
method  of  beating  barbarians." 

To  reach  the  position  selected  by  their  allies  the 
AUobroges  in  the  angle  of  the  Rhone  and  the  Isere,  the 
Arverni  had  to  cross  to  the  left  bank  of  the  Rhone. 
Finding  the  permanent  bridge  insufficient,  Bituitus 
hastily  constructed  a  temporary  one,  by  the  aid  of  which 
his  huge  army  was  got  safely  over. 

To  fight  with  a  river  at  your  back  is,  I  believe,  a 
violation  of  one  of  the  most  elementary  principles  of 
war,  for  which  the  Arverni  paid  dearly  on  the  present 
occasion.  For  when  the  panic  ensued,  a  frantic  rush  was 
made  for  the  bridges,  resulting  in  the  breakdown  of  the 
temporary  structure.     Many  thousands  of  the  Arverni 

1  When  passing  through  the  country  recently,  I  made  the  acquaintance 
of  a  native  'antiquaire,'  who  spoke  with  the  utmost  contempt  of  the 
traitors  to  the  Gallic  cause,  who  sold  themselves  to  the  Romans,  as  if 
their  treachery  had  happened  yesterday.  Espasnactus  the  Arveme,  who 
betrayed  and  handed  over  Lucterius,  the  associate  of  Drappes,  to  the 
Romans,  was  the  object  of  his  special  aversion.  But  I  did  not  observe 
that  in  selling  a  coin  stamped  with  the  effigy  of  a  traitor  that  he  asked  less 
for  it  than  for  that  of  a  patriot. 

2  Historiae  adversus  paganos. 


CHAP.   IX.  95 

were  drowned,  and  the  greater  part  of  the  remainder 
getting  jammed  on  the  permanent  bridge  or  the  ap- 
proaches to  it  were  put  to  the  sword. 

Like  Napoleon  in  his  flight  from  Waterloo,  Bituitus 
escaped  capture  on  the  field  by  the  sacrifice  of  his  chariot 
and  rich  trappings,  which  fell  into  the  hands  of  the 
Romans. 

Soon  after,  however,  tempted  by  an  offer  of  favourable 
terms,  Bituitus  was  induced  to  repair  to  the  Camp  of 
Domitius,  whose  imperium  as  Proconsul  of  Provincia 
was  prolonged  after  the  departure  of  the  Consul  Fabius 
for  Rome.  Treacherously  seized  as  soon  as  he  had  set 
foot  within  the  Praetorium,  the  Arverne  monarch  was 
loaded  with  chains  and  sent  prisoner  to  Rome,  whither 
his  son  Congenatus  was  compelled  to  follow  shortly 
after,  to  share  his  father's  captivity.  In  the  triumph  of 
Fabius  Maximus,  in  which  Domitius  Ahenobarbus  was 
permitted  to  share  on  the  strength  of  his  capture  of 
Bituitus,  the  Arverne  monarch,  brilliantly  arrayed  and 
mounted  in  his  silver  chariot,  formed  the  most  conspic- 
uous figure  in  the  show.  In  addition  to  the  honour  of  a 
triumph  the  title  oi  AllobrogicuswdiS  conferred  on  Quintus 
Fabius  Maximus,  the  war  in  spite  of  the  fact  that  the 
Arverni  played  the  chief  part  in  it  having  been  officially 
styled  BelluDi  Allobrogiciini. 

For  the  Roman  quarrel  lay  wath  the  Allobroges  for 
harbouring  Teutomalius,  the  fugitive  king  of  the  Salluvii, 
and  the  Arverni  were  only  incidentally  drawn  into  it. 
Neither  did  it  as  yet  suit  the  purpose  of  the  Senate  to 
annex  any  of  the  proper  territory  of  the  Arverni.  It 
was  sufficient  for  Roman  policy  that  the  Arverni  should 
give  up  all  claim  to  patronage  in  the  Rhone  valley, 
which  was  to  become  the  Provincia  Romana.  Over  the 
territory  of  the  Volcae  Arecomici,  around  Narbonne, 
which  the  Romans  had  long  coveted,  the  Arverni  had 
hitherto  thrown  the  shield  of  their  protection.  It  was 
now  practically  open  to  Roman  occupation,  as  the  Volcae 
offered  no  opposition  to  the  Roman  project  of  planting 


96   CAMPAIGNS  TO  THE  NORTH  OF  THE  DURANCE. 

a  colony  of  Roman  traders  at  Narbonne.  For  at  the 
outset  Narbonne  was  a  civil  and  not  a  military  colony. 

The  victory  of  the  Romans  over  the  Allobroges  and 
Arverni  combined  was  so  crushing  that  the  Arverni  are 
not  heard  of  again  in  arms,  till  we  read  in  Caesar's 
Commentary  of  their  gallant  but  fruitless  struggle  under 
Vercingetorix,  three  generations  later,  to  maintain  Gallic 
independence. 

While  Strabo  puts  the  number  of  the  slain  at  200,000, 
Livy's  estimate  is  120,000.  Strabo  adds  that  Fabius 
Max.  Aemilianus  erected  a  white  stone  trophy  and  two 
temples  (to  Mars  and  Hercules)  at  the  junction  of  the 
rivers  to  commemorate  the  victory\  His  presence  being 
required  at  Rome,  the  Consul  L.  Fabius  Maximus  with- 
drew from  the  Rhone  valley,  leaving  behind  him 
Domitius  Ahenobarbus  as  Proconsul. 

The  'Via  Domitia' — the  first  Roman  road  con- 
structed in  Gaul — is  undoubtedly  to  be  set  down  to  the 
credit  of  the  Proconsul  Domitius  at  this  period.  That 
at  its  origin  the  Via  Domitia  was  designed  to  put 
Forum  Julii  the  Roman  base  and  '■porte  d' entree''  into 
Gaul  into  direct  communication  with  Narbonne,  the 
future  centre  of  government  of  Provincia,  seems  the 
most  reasonable  conclusion  about  the  disputed  course  of 
that  road. 

The  definite  formation  of  a  Roman  Province  out  of  a 
big  slice  cut  off  from  Gallia  Transalpina,  was  the  impor- 
tant outcome  of  the  four  years'  fighting,  which  began  in 
the  valley  of  the  Argens  and  ended  with  the  decisive 
victory  over  the  combined  hosts  of  the  Allobroges  and 
the  Arverni  at  the  junction  of  the  Isere  and  the  Rhone. 
As  Narbonne  which  was  destined  to  give  its  name  to 
the  Province  and  to  become  the  seat  of  Roman  govern- 
ment was  not  yet  ready  to  receive  its  Roman  colony, 
Aquae  Sextiae  seems  to  have  remained  for  several  years 
longer  the  residence  of  the  Provincial  Governor.     But  it 

^  p.  184.     Livy,  Epit.  LXi. 


CHAP.  IX.  97 

can  only  have  been  out  of  consideration  for  Marseilles 
that  Aries  from  its  central  and  commanding  position  at 
the  apex  of  the  Delta  of  the  Rhone  was  not  at  once 
selected  as  the  Roman  capital. 

It  was  a  piece  of  very  bad  luck  for  Rome  and 
civilization  that  the  Romans  instead  of  finding  them- 
selves isolated  at  Narbonne  at  the  western  extremity  of 
Provincia  were  not  already  firmly  planted  on  the  Rhone, 
when  a  few  years  later  the  Rhone  valley  was  exposed 
to  the  terrible  and  disastrous  invasion  of  the  Cimbri  and 
Teutones.  Had  the  Romans  been  settled  at  Aries 
B.C.  104 — 103,  when  Marius  was  employing  his  soldiers 
on  the  distasteful  work  of  cutting  a  new  channel  for  the 
Rhone,  that  undertaking,  which  proved  so  profitable  to 
the  Massiliots,  would  never  have  passed  out  of  Roman 
hands.  Nor  would  it  probably  have  been  necessary  for 
Pompey  practically  to  reconquer  Provence,  when  the 
Provincials  associated  themselves  with  the  rebellion  of 
Sertorius  in  Spain,  twenty  years  later. 

As  a  city  of  the  Salyes,  who  were  treated  with  great 
severity  by  the  Romans,  thousands  of  them  having  been 
sold  into  slavery  by  Sextius  Calvinus,  Aries  must  have 
been  half  emptied  of  its  native  Ligurian  inhabitants. 
Lying  right  across  the  Roman  road  into  Spain,  it  is 
hard  to  understand  why  a  colony  of  Roman  citizens  was 
not  sent  there  at  once  to  fill  up  the  gap.  The  only 
possible  explanation  seems  to  be  that  Aries  was  con- 
sidered to  lie  within  the  Greek  "  sphere  of  influence,"  to 
use  a  modern  phrase,  and  consequently  handed  over  to 
Marseilles. 

The  conquest  of  Provincia  being  now  complete,  it 
became  necessary  to  accommodate  it  with  that  first 
necessity  of  civilization,  a  substantially  constructed 
high-road. 

Although  communications  between  Rome  and  Spain 
were  mainly  kept  up,  and  military  expeditions  almost 
invariably  sent,  by  sea,  there  had  existed  some  kind  of 
a  beaten   track,  by  which   the  earliest   Phoenician   and 

H.  7 


98       CAMPAIGNS   TO   THE   NORTH   OF   THE   DURANCE. 

Greek  traders  passed  between  Italy  and  Spain,  along 
the  coast  of  Gaul,  except  where  they  were  compelled  to 
turn  inland  as  far  up  the  Rhone  as  Tarascon — the 
"Trajectus  Rhodani "  of  the  Itineraries — to  avoid  its 
50  mile  wide  and  always  impassable  Delta.  This 
beaten  track  is  sometimes  dignified  by  the  name  of  "Via 
Heraclea."  The  earliest  mention  of  this  track  is  to  be 
found  in  Polybius,  who  had  probably  passed  over  it  on 
his  journey  to  or  from  Spain,  on  the  occasion  of  the 
siege  and  capture  of  Numantia  by  his  friend  Scipio 
Africanus  Aemilianus,  B.C.  134.  Polybius  informs  us 
that  from  Emporiae  (the  Massiliot  trading  station  on 
the  borders  of  Spain)  the  distance  to  the  Passage  of  the 
Rhone  (Trajectus  Rhodani)  was  1600  stades  or  200 
Roman  miles,  adding  that  "  all  these  distances  have  now 
been  carefully  measured  by  the  Romans  and  marked 
with  milestones  at  every  eight  stades  \" 

This  measured  track  became  subsequently  the  Via 
Domitia,  undoubtedly  the  work  of  the  Domitius  Aheno- 
barbus  who  shared  with  Q.  Fabius  Allobrogicus  the 
honours  of  the  conquest  of  Provincia.  But  although 
there  is  no  doubt  as  to  the  authorship  of  the  Via 
Domitia  (for  Suetonius  informs  us  in  his  life  of  Nero, 
the  Emperor,  that  so  proud  was  our  Domitius,  one  of 
the  ancestors  of  Nero,  of  his  work,  that  he  paraded  over 
it,  riding  on  an  elephant),  we  are  left  quite  in  the  dark 
as  to  its  original  starting  point. 

As  Domitius  Ahenobarbus  completed  the  conquest 
of  the  first  province  sliced  out  of  Gaul,  finishing  the 
work  begun  only  four  years  before  by  Fulvius  Flaccus, 
it  seems  most  reasonable  to  assume  that  the  Via  Domitia 
began  at  Forum  Julii,  where  the  expedition  of  Flaccus 
landed  at  the  beginning  of  the  campaign. 

There  is  a  reference  to  the  Via  Domitia  in  the  oration 

of  Cicero  Pro  Fonteio,  one  of  the  most  serious  charges 

brought  against  his  client  having  been  to  the  effect  that, 

during   his    proconsulship    of    Provincia,    Fonteius   had 

^  Polybius,  in.  39. 


CHAP.   IX.  99 

appropriated  to  his  own  use  moneys  locally  raised  for 
the  repair  of  this  same  Via  Domitia. 

As  no  other  name  but  that  of  Domitius  Ahenobarbus 
is  connected  by  any  classical  writer  with  road-making  in 
Provincia,  we  may  confidently  follow  the  authority  of 
Kiepert\  who  gives  the  name  "Domitia"  to  that  section 
of  the  subsequent  "  Via  Aurelia "  which  extends  from 
Forum  Julii  to  Narbonne. 

Although  the  countries  of  the  Vocontii  and  Allobroges 
were  included  in  the  recent  conquest  of  Provincia,  there 
is  a  consensus  of  evidence  to  shew  that  the  Romans 
made  no  serious  attempt  at  this  early  stage  to  plant 
garrisons  or  make  a  road  north  of  the  Durance,  where 
some  writers  erroneously  locate  the  Via  Domitia. 

It  is  certain  that  the  first  object  of  the  Romans  at 
this  juncture  was  to  secure  a  land  thoroughfare  to  Nar- 
bonne and  Spain.  As  the  direct  road  from  Rome  to 
Narbonne  would  naturally  leave  the  coast  at  Forum 
Julii  in  order  to  mount  the  valley  of  the  Argens  to 
reach  Aquae  Sextiae  by  the  shortest  cut,  it  seems 
tolerably  certain  that  the  first  Roman  road — the  Via 
Domitia — originally  followed  this  course. 

We  must  always  bear  in  mind  that,  as  the  result  of 
the  conquest  of  the  country  between  the  Var  and  Forum 
Julii  by  Opimius,  thirty  years  earlier,  a  strip  of  land, 
varying  from  a  Roman  mile  to  a  mile  and  a  half  in 
width,  had  been  handed  over  to  the  Massiliots  subject 
to  the  condition  of  providing  the  Romans  with  a  right 
of  way  over  the  road  to  be  constructed  by  them. 

There  was  then  already  in  existence  a  Greek  or 
Massiliot  road,  which  was  bound  to  follow  the  coast  all 
the  way  from  the  Var  to  Marseilles.  But  this  road 
could  only  now  have  been  useful  to  the  Romans  as  far 
as  Forum  Julii  (Frejus).  To  follow  the  coast  by  St 
Tropez,  Hyeres  and  Toulon  to  get  to  Aix-en-Provence 
would  never  have  suited  the  Romans,  inasmuch    as  it 

'  Tabula  XI.  Atlas  Antiqtttts.     Berlin. 

7—2 


lOO  CAMPAIGNS  TO  THE  NORTH  OF  THE  DURANCE. 

would  have  nearly  doubled  the  distance  and  passed 
through  Greek  territory  all  the  way. 

As  I  have  already  observed,  Aquae  Sextiae  appears 
to  have  remained  the  seat  of  Roman  government,  from 
which  convenient  centre  Domitius  could  have  directed 
his  road-making  operations  East  and  West. 

Having  dealt  so  far  with  the  Transalpine  sections  of 
the  coast  road  (subsequently  styled  Via  Aurelia  by  the 
Antonine  Itinerary),  the  consideration  of  which  comes 
appropriately  after  the  narrative  of  the  four  years'  Cam- 
paign in  Provincia,  I  will  leave  the  subject  of  the  con- 
struction of  the  Italian  or  Cisalpine  sections  till  the  date 
of  the  completion  of  the  road  by  Augustus,  B.C.  12. 


CHAPTER   X. 
Marius  and  the  Cimbro-Teuton  Invasion. 

Before  the  Romans  had  fairly  got  into  the  saddle  of 
the  government  of  the  Province,  to  which  the  colony  of 
Narbonne  was  eventually  to  give  its  name,  they  were 
disturbed  by  disquieting  rumours  of  the  movement  of 
hordes  of  northern  barbarians  from  the  region  of  the 
Baltic  towards  the  Mediterranean, 

Beyond  the  fact,  that  in  the  year  B.C.  1 1 8  the  orator 
Licinius  Crassus  duly  conducted  his  colony  to  Nar- 
bonne, we  know  almost  nothing  of  the  proceedings  of 
the  Romans  in  Southern  Gaul  during  the  twenty  years 
which  intervened  between  the  conquest  and  the  barbarian 
invasion. 

We  are  not  even  told  of  how  many  Roman  citizens 
the  first  Transalpine  colony  consisted,  nor  what  resist- 
ance Narbonne  offered  to  the  waves  of  barbarism — 
'fluctibus  barbariae'  as  Cicero  picturesquely  expresses  it. 

Although  well-nigh  three  centuries  had  elapsed  since 
the  sack  and  burning  of  Rome  by  the  Gauls,  a  vague 
dread  of  the  repetition  of  a  similar  catastrophe  was  still 
kept  alive  in  Roman  breasts. 

Yet  from  the  succession  of  defeats,  which  the  Romans 
had  inflicted  first  on  the  Cisalpine,  and  next  on  the 
Transalpine  Gauls  during  the  centuries  preceding  Julius 
Caesar,  it  had  been  abundantly  proved  that  there  was 
no  solid  ground  for  further  apprehension  of  purely  Gallic 
invasion. 


I02      MARIUS   AND   THE   CIMBRO-TEUTON    INVASION. 

As  I  have  stated  above  in  my  Introductory  Chapter, 
the  palmy  days  of  the  Gauls,  when  their  exploits  were 
signalized  by  the  sack  of  Rome,  Delphi,  etc.,  were  over 
at  least  two  centuries  before  Julius  Caesar.  As  Caesar 
himself  reminded  them,  the  Gauls  of  his  day  had  to 
choose  between  becoming  Roman  or  being  overrun  by 
Germans.  For  the  real  source  of  danger  lay  beyond  the 
Rhine  and  the  Danube,  where  the  accumulations  of  half- 
starved  barbarian  hordes,  pressing  on  each  other's  heels, 
threatened  the  fertile  plains  of  Gaul,  Italy  and  Spain 
alike  with  common  invasion. 

It  soon  became  clear  to  the  Romans  that  the  in- 
vaders, with  whom  they  had  to  deal  in  Provincia,  were  a 
far  more  terrible  foe  than  any  "  Gauls "  they  had  yet 
encountered.  Flushed  as  they  were  with  their  recent 
victories  over  the  Salluvii,  Allobroges  and  Arverni,  the 
Romans  were  at  first  quite  unprepared  to  cope  with 
these  gigantic  northerners,  who  had  left  their  homes  to 
conquer  or  to  die. 

That  the  formidable  invaders  called  Cimbri  and 
Teutones  who  now  threatened  to  overwhelm  Italy  were 
of  German  origin  is  beyond  a  doubt.  On  this  point 
Strabo,  Livy,  Pliny,  Tacitus,  are  all  agreed. 

Strabo^  informs  us  that  in  his  day  the  Cimbri  still 
occupied  the  same  part  of  the  coast  of  Germany,  whence 
they  sallied  forth  in  search  of  southern  settlements,  and 
that  in  his  day  they  sent  an  embassy  to  Augustus,  to 
deprecate  his  resentment  for  the  offences  of  their  ances- 
tors. Velleius  Paterculus  (an  accurate  historian  who 
dedicated  his  work  to  the  Consul  M.  Vincius  A.D.  30), 
writes  of  the  invaders  as  "immanis  vis  Germanarum 
gentium,  quibus  nomen  Cimbris  et  Teutonis  erat." 
(Lib.  II.  12.) 

On  their  passage  southwards,  the  barbarians  dropped 
a  contingent  6,000  strong  at  the  junction  of  the  Meuse 
and  Sambre  to  guard  the  heavy  baggage,  which  they 
could   not   convey    further.     Harassed    at    first   by   the 

^  Strabo,  p.  292. 


CHAP.   X.  103 

Belgae  as  intrusive  strangers,  this  German  contingent 
soon  won  the  esteem  of  their  neighbours  by  their  con- 
spicuous bravery  and  were  already  incorporated  amongst 
the  Belgae  under  the  name  of  Aduatuci  when  Caesar 
entered  upon  his  conquest  of  Gaul.  It  is  to  be  noted 
that  in  the  case  of  the  Aduatuci,  half  a  century  had 
sufficed  to  convert  Germans  directly  into  Belgae  and 
indirectly  into  '  Galli.' 

Writing  about  seventy  years  later  than  Caesar,  Strabo 
tells  us  that  the  Belgae  were  in  his  day  included  in  the 
general  name  of  Gauls,  and  still  considered  the  bravest 
people  in  Gaul  from  having  alone  withstood  the  invasion 
of  the  Germans,  the  Cimbri,  and  the  Teutons.  We  thus 
find  the  Cimbro-Teuton  Aduatuci  becoming  Belgae, 
while  the  Belgae  in  their  turn  are  admitted  to  rank  as 
Gauls.  Although  there  is  a  line  to  be  drawn  origin- 
ally between  Gauls  and  Germans,  it  becomes  a  vanishing 
one  on  the  Gallic  or  left  bank  of  the  Rhine.  For  there 
is  much  truth  in  the  French  proverb,  which  says,  "  La 
Gaule  fait  des  Gaulois." 

It  was  in  the  Eastern  Alps  that  the  Roman  legions 
first  came  into  contact  with  the  advancing  wave  of 
barbarism,  when  the  Consul  Cnaeus  Carbo  sustained 
defeat  near  Noreia,  B.C.  113,  at  the  hands  of  the  Cimbri. 
However,  instead  of  descending  into  Italy  after  this  first 
success,  the  Cimbric  host  appears  to  have  made  tracks 
through  the  central  and  western  Alps,  the  Helvetian 
Tigurini  being  tempted  by  the  prospect  of  rich  spoil  to 
follow  in  their  wake.  It  was  these  same  Tigurini,  as  we 
learn  from  Julius  Caesar^  who  in  the  year  B.C.  107 
destroyed  the  army  of  Cassius  Longinus  with  which 
Lucius  Piso,  Caesar's  own  relative,  was  serving  as 
Legatus. 

Joined  on  the  Rhone  by  the  Teutones,  the  united 
host  swept  southwards  towards  the  Mediterranean, 
further  swollen  by  the  Ligurian  Ambrones  from  the 
Durance  valley. 

1  De  Bella  Gallico,  H.  3. 


104      MARIUS   AND   THE    CIMBRO-TEUTON    INVASION. 

Between  B.C.  113  and  B.C.  104  when  Marius  took  the 
field  against  them  five  Roman  armies  in  succession  went 
down  before  the  irresistible  northern  barbarians.  Of 
these  disasters  the  most  famous  was  the  annihilation  of 
the  combined  consular  armies  of  Caepio  and  Manlius, 
near  Orange,  by  the  Ambrones — the  most  valiant  of 
the  combined  invaders.  Their  very  name  according  to 
Plutarch  means  'valiant'  in  Ligurian,  and  was  used  as  a 
battle-cry  by  the  Ligurians  on  both  sides  in  the  subse- 
quent campaign  of  Marius  in  Provence. 

When  the  news  of  this  culminating  catastrophe,  where 
at  least  80,000  Roman  lives  were  sacrificed,  was  brought 
over  the  Alps,  the  sober  historian  Sallust  wrote',  "quo 
metu  Italia  omnis  contremuit." 

There  was  but  one  Roman  whose  generalship  in- 
spired the  Roman  people  with  any  confidence  at  this 
crisis,  namely  the  plebeian  Consul  Caius  Marius,  who 
had  just  brought  the  Jugurthine  war  to  a  triumphal 
conclusion.  In  violation  of  the  provision  of  the  con- 
stitution that  an  interval  of  ten  years  must  elapse 
between  successive  consulships  of  the  same  individual, 
Marius  was  forthwith  elected  to  a  second  term  of  office 
and  Gallia  Transalpina  assigned  as  his  province. 

For  almost  all  the  military  facts,  which  have  been 
handed  down  to  us  of  the  campaign  against  the  Cimbri 
and  Teutones,  we  are  indebted  to  Plutarch's  life  of 
C.  Marius.  As  Plutarch  had  before  him  the  commen- 
taries of  Sylla,  who  played  an  important  part  in  the 
campaign,  we  may  rely  upon  their  substantial  accuracy. 

For  Sylla,  who  had  served  under  Marius  in  Africa  as 
his  Quaestor  during  his  first  consulship,  accompanied 
him  into  Transalpine  Gaul  first  as  Legatus  to  Marius 
himself,  and  subsequently  to  his  patrician  colleague 
Catulus  in  Gallia  Cisalpina. 

During  his  service  on  the  Rhone  Valley  as  Legatus 
to  Marius,  Sylla  distinguished  himself  by  the  capture  of 
Copillus,  chief  or  king  of  the  Volcae  Tectosages,  who 

^  Bellum  yiigiirthinum,  c.  114. 


CHAP.    X.  105 

was  carrying  on  an  intrigue  with  the  barbarian  invaders. 
Of  all  the  lately  subdued  provincials  the  Volcae  Tecto- 
sages  alone  appear  to  have  openly  rebelled.  For  in  the 
year  B.C.  105,  they  rose  and  massacred  the  Roman 
garrison  of  their  capital  Tolosa  (Toulouse).  It  was  on 
the  occasion  of  being  sent  to  punish  this  revolt  that  the 
Roman  Consul  Caepio  got  possession  of  the  accumu- 
lation of  gold  which  had  been  stored  there  and  which 
became  so  disastrous  to  his  fortunes. 

What  proportion  of  his  African  army  followed 
Marius  into  Gaul  we  are  unfortunately  not  informed, 
but  it  can  hardly  be  doubted  that  the  services  of  such 
trained  and  seasoned  soldiers  would  have  been  secured 
at  any  price  at  such  a  national  crisis.  Having  already 
paid  the  heavy  price  of  the  sacrifice  of  five  or  six  un- 
trained and  extemporized  armies  which  had  proved  their 
utter  incapacity  to  withstand  the  wave  of  invasion,  the 
Romans  at  length  awoke  to  the  conviction  of  the  hope- 
lessness of  trusting  to  a  citizen  army. 

It  is  from  this  crisis  that  the  institution  of  a  standing 
army  at  Rome  dates,  and  that  military  service  became 
professional. 

The  African  veterans  however  on  the  present  occa- 
sion can  in  any  case  only  have  sufficed  to  form  a  more  or 
less  substantial  nucleus  to  the  newly  levied  legions,  with 
which  Marius  started  for  that  ill-omened  Rhone  valley, 
which  had  swallowed  up  a  succession  of  Roman  armies. 

That  Marius  adopted  the  most  expeditious  course  of 
conveying  his  troops  to  the  Massiliot  mouth  of  the 
Rhone  by  sea — a  passage  which  it  will  be  remembered 
was  accomplished  by  Scipio  at  the  time  of  Hannibal's 
invasion  in  five  days  from  Pisae — may  be  assumed  as 
practically  certain.  For  there  was  as  yet  no  continuous 
road  along  the  shore  from  Italy  into  Gaul,  and,  even  if 
there  had  been  one  practicable  for  armies,  forty  days' 
marching  at  fifteen  miles  a  day  would  hardly  have 
sufficed  to  accomplish  the  600  miles  from  the  Tiber  to 
the  Rhone. 


I06      MARIUS   AND   THE   CIMBRO-TEUTON    INVASION. 

Luckily  for  the  fortunes  of  Rome,  Marius  was  not 
called  upon  to  encounter  the  barbarian  host  till  two 
years  after  the  disembarkation  of  his  army  at  the  mouth 
of  the  Rhone.  For  the  Cimbri,  instead  of  making  at 
once  for  the  passages  of  the  Maritime  Alps  leading  into 
Italy,  unexpectedly  directed  their  course  towards  the 
Pyrenees  and  Spain.  What  became  of  their  associates 
the  Teutones  during  the  Cimbric  raid  into  Spain  we 
have  no  means  of  determining  exactly.  All  that  is 
certain  is,  that  they  were  ready  on  the  return  of  the 
Cimbri  to  turn  their  attention  to  a  combined  invasion  of 
Italy. 

The  respite  of  two  years,  B.C.  104-102,  proved  of 
priceless  value  to  Marius.  For  it  enabled  him  to  convert 
his  mostly  raw  levies,  of  whom  an  important  section 
consisted  of  *  Italian '  Ligurian  socii,  into  trained  and 
disciplined  troops.  For  Marius,  excellent  as  he  was  as 
a  general,  was  above  all  first-rate  and  indefatigable  as  a 
drill-sergeant.  But  although  a  stern  disciplinarian,  he 
won  the  affections  of  his  men  by  sharing  all  their  labours 
and  hardships  and  by  his  inflexible  justice. 

The  severest  labour  to  which  he  set  them  was  the 
cutting  a  new  mouth  to  the  Rhone.  Near  the  village  of 
Fos,  conspicuous  on  its  isolated  rock  on  the  Eastern 
edge  of  the  Delta  of  the  Rhone,  unmistakeable  vestiges 
still  exist  of  a  Roman  encampment.  These  are  believed 
to  mark  the  site  of  the  first  camp  of  Marius,  and  the 
name  of  Fos  is  considered  to  be  derived  from  the 
"  Fossa,"  which  Marius  cut  to  give  clear  access  to  the 
Rhone  from  the  sea,  the  old  Massiliot  mouth  having 
become  choked  up. 

The  second  and  main  camp  of  Marius,  to  which  that 
near  Fos  was  subsidiary,  was  pitched  on  a  level  with 
Tarascon,  on  the  western  extremity  of  the  picturesque 
range  of  Les  Alpines — a  mile  or  two  east  of  the  Rhone. 
This  little  range,  conspicuous  for  its  jagged  outline, 
commands  the  most  ancient  passage  of  the  Rhone — the 
Trajectus   Rhodani  of  the  classical  Itineraries  between 


[  To  face  p.  1 06 


CHAP.   X.  107 

Spain  and  Italy.  It  was  obviously  the  best  point  for 
military  observation. 

Entrenched  behind  the  solid  ramparts  of  their  camp 
at  Glanum  (the  site  of  which  is  commemorated  by  a 
triumphal  arch  and  a  perfectly  preserved  three-storied 
monument  surmounted  by  statues  of  Marius  and  Catulus) 
the  Roman  legionaries  and  socii,  now  a  perfectly  dis- 
ciplined force,  quietly  waited  the  arrival  of  the  bar- 
barians. 

These  last  had  meanwhile  decided  to  divide  their 
forces  for  a  combined  descent  upon  Italy.  While  the 
Ambrones  and  the  Teutones  were  to  follow  the  coast 
and  cross  the  maritime  Alps  by  the  pass  now  marked 
by  the  monument  of  La  Turbie,  the  Cimbri  and  Tigurini 
were  to  retrace  their  steps  across  Switzerland  and  de- 
scend by  the  valley  of  the  Adige. 

That  the  so-called  barbarians  should  have  conceived 
and  duly  proceeded  to  put  into  execution  this  combined 
plan  of  campaign,  proves  them  to  have  possessed  no 
inconsiderable  powers  of  organization.  All  details  how- 
ever are  unfortunately  wanting  of  their  method  of  pro- 
cedure. We  only  know  that  they  travelled  in  huge 
caravans,  conveying  their  women  and  children  in  heavy 
covered  waggons,  doubtless  drawn  by  oxen.  How  they 
contrived  to  provision  themselves  and  their  cattle,  or  to 
cross  rivers,  swamps  and  mountains  without  roads  or 
bridges,  we  are  left  entirely  without  authentic  infor- 
mation. 

Some  faint  light  is  thrown  on  this  invasion  of  Gaul 
by  the  Cimbri  and  Teutones  by  the  harangue  of  Critog- 
natus,  an  Arvernian  chief,  delivered  to  the  beleaguered 
garrison  during  the  siege  of  Alesia\ 

From  the  speech  of  Critognatus  we  learn  that  on  the 
approach  of  what  we  may  describe  as  the  German 
invasion,  the  Gallic  inhabitants  took  refuge  within  their 
oppida    or    hill     fortresses    with    all    their    belongings, 

De  Bella  Gallico,  vn.  77. 


I08      MARIUS   AND   THE   CIMBRO-TEUTON    INVASION. 

where  they  were  besieged  by  the  barbarians.  Critog- 
natus  urges  his  hearers  not  to  shrink  from  following  the 
example  set  at  the  period  of  the  Cimbro-Teuton  invasion 
by  their  ancestors,  in  supporting  life  on  the  bodies  of 
those  who  were  unfitted  to  bear  arms,  rather  than 
surrender. 


CHAPTER    XI. 
The  Battle  of  Aquae  Sextiae. 

It  was  in  the  spring  of  the  year  B.C.  102,  that  the 
Marians,  from  their  outpost  at  Glanum  on  the  range  of 
Les  Alpines,  at  length  caught  sight  of  the  long  expected 
host  of  Teutones  and  Ambrones,  making  their  prepara- 
tions to  cross  the  Rhone  from  Beaucaire  to  Tarascon. 
As  we  read  in  Plutarch,  that  the  subsequent  defile  of  the 
combined  hosts  past  the  camp  of  Marius  at  Glanum 
occupied  six  days,  we  may  infer  that  the  passage  of  the 
river  was  a  very  long  and  complicated  business.  To  the 
north  of  Les  Alpines  there  is  a  wide  and  fertile  plain 
which  extends  as  far  as  the  Durance,  the  bed  of  which  is 
concealed  by  an  intervening  range  of  hills. 

In  this  plain,  in  full  view  of  the  Roman  camp  at 
Glanum,  were  now  massed  the  barbarian  hordes,  with 
their  vast  agglomeration  of  covered  waggons,  conveying 
wives,  children  and  all  their  worldly  effects.  For,  unlike 
the  Gauls,  who  at  various  times  had  swooped  down  on 
Italy  and  Greece  to  raid  and  return  home  with  their 
spoil,  these  Ambrones  and  Teutones  had  come  to  stay 
wherever  they  could  find  unoccupied  lands. 

If,  without  necessity  of  fighting  for  it,  lands  could 
have  been  peaceably  assigned  to  them,  anywhere  in  the 
south,  there  these  formidable  invaders  would  have  been 
only  too  thankful  to  settle  down  quietly.  It  was  not 
till  a  concession  of  land  had  been  refused  to  the  Cimbri 


no  THE   BATTLE   OF   AQUAE   SEXTIAE. 

in  the  territory  subject  to  Rome  in  Provincia  that  they 
attacked  and  defeated  M.  Junius  Silanus  B.C.  109^ 

But  so  far  from  having  unoccupied  fertile  land  to 
offer  to  vagrant  northerners,  the  Romans  themselves 
were  suffering  from  land  famine  in  Italy  and  felt  acutely 
the  need  of  transmarine  or  Transalpine  colonization  on 
which  to  plant  their  own  redundant  population. 

The  stake  which  was  now  to  be  fought  for  was  in 
fact  the  possession  of  the  soil  in  Italy.  It  was  the  final 
scene  in  this  early  life  and  death  struggle  between  Rome 
and  barbarism,  in  which  victory  had  already  on  five 
occasions  declared  for  the  barbarians.  Surely  the  battle 
of  Aix-Pourrieres  should  have  been  included  amongst 
the  decisive  battles  of  the  world.  For  nothing  but 
Marius  and  his  legions  stood  between  Rome  and  prema- 
ture extinction. 

In  vain,  with  discordant  shouts  and  insulting  gestures 
did  the  barbarians  day  after  day  advance  to  the  Roman 
camp  in  the  hopes  of  drawing  Marius  out  to  give  them 
battle.  But  the  purpose  of  the  Roman  general  was 
fixed,  not  to  budge  an  inch  from  his  entrenchments 
until  the  first  effects  of  the  formidable  aspect  of  the 
barbarians,  whose  gigantic  stature  and  ferocious  mien 
could  not  fail  to  terrify  the  Italians,  should  have  worn 
off.  For  the  glare  of  the  fierce  blue  eyes  of  the  Teu- 
tones,  gleaming  with  newly-awakened  appetite  for  that 
Roman  blood,  with  which  they  had  so  recently  slaked 
their  thirst,  was  calculated  to  make  even  the  boldest 
quail.  And  the  presence  of  the  tall  barefooted  priestesses, 
clad  in  long  white  robes,  with  the  gleaming  sacrificial 
knife  suspended  from  their  girdles,  ready  for  Roman 
throats,  lent  an  additional  terror  to  the  barbarian  ranks. 

And  here  it  is  interesting  to  recall  that  during  the 
first  year  of  the  Gallic  war'^,  more  than  forty  years  after 
this  barbarian  invasion,  when  Julius  Caesar  seized  Be- 
sancon  preparatory  to  his  first  encounter  with  Ariovistus, 

^  Livy,  Epit.  6  =  . 

-  De  Bella  Gallico,  Lib.  i.  39. 


CHAP.   XL  III 

a  panic  invaded  even  the  superior  officers  of  his  army  at 
the  bare  idea  of  facing  the  terrible  aspect  of  the  Germans, 
in  spite  of  the  fact  that  Marius  and  his  army  had  given 
such  a  good  account  of  them.  Possibly  in  order  to  serve 
as  some  set-off  to  these  Teuton  priestesses,  Marius 
carried  about  with  the  army  in  great  state  a  Syrian 
prophetess,  named  Martha,  who  had  won  the  confidence 
of  his  wife  Julia  in  predicting  the  winner  at  some  Roman 
games,  and  in  whose  infallibility  he  professed  implicit 
belief.  When  his  troops,  now  accustomed  to  the  aspect 
and  gestures  of  the  enemy,  began  to  reproach  their 
general  for  still  confining  them  within  the  camp,  Marius 
would  lay  the  whole  blame  for  the  prohibition  to  sally 
forth  on  his  Syrian  oracle,  who  would,  he  assured  them, 
give  the  signal  as  soon  as  the  omens  were  favour- 
able. 

Baffled  by  these  tactics  and  impatient  of  inaction, 
perhaps  also  compelled  to  move  to  fresh  ground  by 
exhaustion  of  supplies,  the  barbarians  at  last  broke  up 
their  camp  and  insultingly  enquiring  if  the  Romans 
whom  they  were  leaving  behind  them  had  any  messages 
to  send  to  their  wives  in  Italy,  set  themselves  in  motion 
towards  the  Alps.  As  soon  as  the  barbarians  had  moved 
off,  Marius,  breaking  up  his  camp,  followed  closely  upon 
their  heels,  ready  to  seize  on  the  first  opportunity  of 
attacking  them  at  a  disadvantage. 

Marching  in  an  easterly  direction,  the  Teutones 
leading  and  the  Ambrones  bringing  up  the  rear,  the 
barbarians  followed  the  primitive  track  at  the  northern 
base  of  Les  Alpines,  which  strikes  the  Durance  at  Orgon. 
Orgon  was  doubtless  their  first  halting  place  for  the 
night.  At  Orgon  where  the  river  furnished  the  water 
supply,  which  was  always  the  first  object  in  selecting 
camping  ground,  there  is  a  cleft  in  the  precipitous  cliffs, 
which  there  overhang  the  Durance,  leaving  only  just 
space  for  the  passage  of  the  old  roadway.  As  the 
modern  traveller  crosses  the  Durance  by  the  tubular 
railway  bridge,  which  replaces  the  ferryboat  mentioned 


112       THE  BATTLE  OF  AQUAE  SEXTIAE. 

by  Strabo^  as  stationed  there  to  convey  travellers  over 
to  Cavaillion,  he  can  descry  the  old  track  by  the  river 
side.  But,  being  bound  for  Aix,  the  barbarians  had  no 
occasion  to  cross  to  the  north  bank  of  the  Durance,  their 
road  only  touching  the  river  at  the  point  where  it  is 
carried  round  the  base  of  the  cliffs.  Two  or  three  days' 
march  from  Orgon  in  a  south-easterly  direction  would 
have  sufficed  to  bring  the  barbarians  to  the  hot  springs 
below  Entremont,  recently  converted  into  the  Roman 
bathing  establishment  and  garrison  town  of  Aquae 
Sextiae. 

That  Plutarch  should  fail  to  give  us  any  information 
as  to  the  part  played  by  the  Roman  garrison  which  had 
been  stationed  at  Aquae  Sextiae  already  20  years,  or 
as  to  the  fate  of  the  Roman  population,  which  had 
gathered  around  it,  is  not  a  little  disappointing.  We 
must  however  remember  that  Plutarch  did  not  profess 
to  be  writing  a  history  of  the  campaign,  on  which  he 
dwells  only  so  far  as  it  concerns  his  biography  of 
Marius. 

Whatever  else  is  uncertain,  it  is  clear  from  Plutarch's 
narrative  that  there  were  two  engagements  with  the 
barbarians,  and  that  on  both  occasions  the  Romans 
occupied  the  higher  ground,  while  the  Ambrones  and 
Teutones  were  encamped  in  the  plain  below.  For  the 
bed  of  the  Arc,  almost  dry  more  than  half  the  year, 
consists  of  a  narrow  and  shallow  depression  in  the  plain, 
the  banks  of  which  are  alternately  abrupt  or  sloping. 
That  both  these  fights  took  place  somewhere  on  the 
slopes  of  Mt  Sainte  Victoire  between  Aix  and  Pour- 
rieres — the  Campi  putridi — where  the  final  slaughter  of 
the  Teutones  culminated,  may  likewise  be  considered 
certain. 

It  was  the  desperate  need  of  water  felt  by  the 
Romans  which  brought  on  prematurely  the  first  engage- 
ment with  the  Ambrones.  "If  you  want  water,"  said 
Marius  pointing  to  the  river  below,  in  the  possession  of 

1  p.  184. 


CHAP.   XI.  113 

the  enemy,  "you  must  purchase  it  with  your  blood. 
But  first  let  us  fortify  the  camp."  However  before  the 
work  of  fortification  was  far  advanced  the  thirst  of  the 
Romans  became  uncontrollable  and  a  rush  was  made 
for  the  water,  and,  what  began  as  a  melee  between  half- 
armed  scullions  and  scattered  parties  of  the  Ambrones 
surprised  at  their  baths,  presently  became  a  regular 
battle. 

For  we  are  expressly  told  by  Plutarch  that  the  Am- 
brones advanced  not  in  a  wild  and  disorderly  manner  or 
with  a  confused  and  inarticulate  noise,  but  beating  their 
arms  at  regular  intervals,  and  all  keeping  time,  they 
came  on  crying  out  "  Ambrones,  Ambrones." 

To  join  in  the  battle,  which  was  fought  on  the  right 
or  north  bank,  the  main  body  of  the  Ambrones  had  to 
cross  the  Arc.  Before  they  could  reform  their  ranks 
broken  by  this  operation,  they  were  charged  by  the 
Italian  Ligurians  serving  under  Marius. 

A  notable  feature  about  this  fight  was  the  identity 
of  battle  cry  used  by  Ambrones  and  Ligurians,  the 
latter  echoing  back  the  word  Ambrones,  or  "the  Valiant," 
which  Plutarch  observes  was  their  own  ancient  name. 
This  seems  to  imply  some  ethnical  affinity  between 
Ligurians  and  Ambrones,  but  neither  Plutarch  nor  any 
other  writer  throws  any  light  on  this  obscure  subject. 

Making  a  good  fight  of  it,  as  long  as  they  were 
matched  against  the  Italian  Ligurians  single  handed, 
the  Ambrones  were  soon  overpowered  when  the  Roman 
legionaries  joined  in  the  fray.  Driven  back  with  great 
slaughter  across  the  Arc,  the  bed  of  which  was  soon 
choked  up  with  dead  and  dying,  the  survivors  fled  in 
panic  to  the  shelter  of  their  camp. 

The  reception,  however,  which  the  fugitives  met  with 
at  the  hands  of  their  own  women  was  even  more  terrible 
than  the  dangers  from  which  they  were  flying.  For 
uttering  hideous  cries  and  snatching  up  axes  and  what- 
ever weapons  came  in  their  way,  the  infuriated  women 
hurled  themselves  on  pursuers  and  pursued  alike,  deal- 
H.  8 


114  I'HE   BATTLE   OF   AQUAE   SEXTIAE. 

ing  death   around  them   indiscriminately  and  accusing 
their  husbands  of  cowardice  and  treachery. 

As  far  as  it  went,  this  preliminary  success  over  the 
Ambrones  was  encouraging  to  Marius.  But  the  great 
bulk  of  the  enemy  was  still  untouched,  and  the  night 
following  the  first  battle  was  a  terrible  one. 

For  with  the  fate  of  Italy  hanging  in  the  balance, 
Marius  had  failed  in  the  most  ordinary  and  indispen- 
sable precaution  of  getting  his  camp  duly  fortified.  And 
that  too  when  myriads  of  barbarians  were  swarming 
around  like  bees  disturbed  in  their  hive  and  maddened 
with  rage.  For  all  night  long  he  dreaded  a  rush  in 
the  darkness  upon  his  still  unfortified  camp,  the  fury  of 
the  barbarians  being  excited  beyond  measure,  by  the 
slaughter  of  their  confederates. 

The  Teutones,  however,  who  were  encamped  at  a 
considerable  distance  to  the  eastward,  abstained  from 
attack,  spending  the  night  and  the  whole  of  the  follow- 
ing day  in  making  their  plans  for  the  momentous  battle, 
which  was  imminent.  As  it  is  certain  that  the  decisive 
battle  in  which  the  Teutones  were  annihilated  took  place 
near  Pourrieres,  at  least  fifteen  miles  from  Aquae  Sextiae, 
it  must  be  assumed  that  Marius  marched  further  east- 
ward between  the  two  battles  and  that  he  pitched  a 
fresh  camp  in  the  direction  of  Pourrieres  previous  to  the 
final  engagement. 

The  existence  of  a  fortified  enclosure  on  the  summit 
of  a  neighbouring  hill  has  naturally  enough  given  rise 
locally  to  the  tradition  that  the  so-called  '  Pain  de  Muni- 
tion'— the  Ligurian  oppidimi  mentioned  in  Chapter  V — 
and  about  four  miles  to  the  north  of  the  village  of  Pour- 
rieres— was  the  site  of  the  second  camp  of  Marius.  But 
the  plan  of  those  fortifications  consisting  of  a  triple 
circle  of  walls  composed  of  uncemented  and  unhewn 
stones  in  no  way  meets  the  requirements  of  a  Roman 
camp,  which  was  invariably  quadrangular,  and  of  vastly 
larger  dimensions.  It  is  also  much  too  far  away,  and 
inaccessible  amongst  a  network  of  intervening  hills.     It 


To  face  p.  115] 


CHAP.   XI.  115 

is  indeed  surprising  that  a  French  officer,  Captain 
Dervieu,  should  have  lately  published  a  pamphlet  on 
the  Campaign  of  Marius,  in  which  he  deliberately  adopts 
Le  Pain  de  Munition  as  the  second  camp  of  Marius. 

Having  lately  re-visited  the  "battle-field  of  Pourrieres 
for  the  express  purpose  of  examining  this  highly  inter- 
esting fortification,  I  entertain  no  doubt  of  its  having 
been  originally  one  of  the  Ligurian  oppida,  which  served 
the  inhabitants  as  a  place  of  refuge  in  time  of  danger. 
It  may  have  been  utilized  by  the  Roman  general  as  a 
place  of  safety  for  a  part  of  his  stores,  but  it  is  a  mere 
coincidence  that  it  happens  to  be  near  the  battle-field. 

Just  before  nightfall  on  the  eve  of  the  great  battle, 
Marius,  observing  the  very  broken  nature  of  the  ground 
shutting  in  the  plain  occupied  by  the  Teutones,  detached 
a  force  of  three  thousand  men  under  Marcellus  with 
directions  to  get  round  the  enemy  unobserved  and  hold 
themselves  in  readiness  to  fall  on  his  rear.  It  is  impos- 
sible to  determine  the  precise  depression  of  which  Mar- 
cellus availed  himself  for  his  ambuscade,  which  turned 
out  completely  successful. 

The  fortification  of  the  camp  being  this  time  duly 
completed,  the  Roman  general  dismissed  the  rest  of  his 
army  early  to  their  much  needed  repose,  which  they 
could  now  enjoy  in  comparative  security.  No  alarm 
seems  to  have  disturbed  the  quiet  of  the  night. 

At  earliest  dawn  Marius  drew  up  his  army  in  front 
of  his  camp,  probably  on  one  of  the  natural  terraces, 
which  stand  out  at  various  levels  from  the  slopes  of  the 
Mont  Sainte  Victoire — the  isolated  mountain  which 
dwarfs  every  other  eminence  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
Aix. 

No  battle-ground  more  advantageous  to  the  Romans 
could  have  been  selected.  For  the  perpendicular  ridges 
of  the  mountain,  rising  like  a  wall  behind  him,  effectu- 
ally secured  Marius  from  the  risk  of  being  surrounded 
by  the  immensely  superior  numbers  of  the  enemy,  and 
his  occupation  of  the  advanced  terraces  and  slopes  gave 

8—2 


ri6  THE   BATTLE   OF   AQUAE   SEXTIAE. 

the  Romans  an  invaluable  vantage  ground  over  the 
Teutones  drawn  up  in  the  plain  below.  One  can  hardly 
doubt  that  the  position  had  been  deliberately  selected 
beforehand  by  Marius,  who  had  doubtless  surveyed  the 
region  during  his  long  period  of  awaiting  the  barbarians. 

While  the  bare  gleaming  mass  of  the  Mont  Sainte 
Victoire  completely  shuts  in  the  north  side  of  the  battle- 
field, the  plain  is  bounded  on  the  south  by  wooded 
heights,  overtopped  by  a  background  of  perpendicular 
rocks,  culminating  in  the  Mont  Olympus — a  mountain 
not  unworthy  of  its  Grecian  namesake.  No  grander 
setting  could  be  imagined  for  the  trial  of  a  great  issue. 

The  battle  began  by  the  descent  of  the  Roman 
cavalry  towards  the  plain.  By  this  manoeuvre,  which 
was  completely  successful,  Marius  reckoned  on  drawing 
on  the  barbarians,  always  impatient  of  awaiting  attack, 
to  a  disadvantageous  uphill  engagement. 

Charging  uphill,  the  ground  being  slippery  and  the 
heat  excessive,  the  Teutones,  on  whom  ten  years'  indul- 
gence in  wine  and  enervating  southern  luxuries  had 
begun  to  tell  their  tale,  soon  showed  signs  of  exhaustion. 
They  were  besides  powerless  from  their  insecure  footing 
on  lower  ground  to  deliver  the  cleaving  down  cuts  with 
their  long  swords,  which  the  shields  of  the  Romans  had 
in  former  encounters  proved  powerless  to  ward  off. 

Seeing  that  the  favourable  moment  had  arrived, 
Marius  ordered  a  general  advance  all  along  the  line. 
Up  to  this  point,  the  infantry,  like  the  British  at 
Waterloo,  had  maintained  its  original 'position  on  the 
higher  ground,  whence  it  kept  up  a  discharge  of  pila 
into  the  confused  ranks  of  its  assailants. 

Yielding  to  the  irresistible  pressure  of  the  down-hill 
charge  of  the  heavy-armed  legionaries,  the  dense  masses 
of  the  barbarians  were  little  by  little  pushed  back  down 
the  slopes  into  the  plain. 

Rallying,  as  soon  as  they  found  themselves  on  level 
ground,  the  Teutones  for  some  time  made  a  good  fight 
of  it.     As  long  as  the  Romans  had  the  advantas^e  of 


CHAP.   XI.  117 

higher  ground,  there  had  been  Httle  hand  to  hand 
fighting.  For  while  the  Romans  had  chiefly  used  their 
shields  in  bringing  their  weight  to  bear,  the  Teutones 
had  been  prevented  from  dealing  effective  blows  by  the 
nature  of  the  ground. 

Now  was  the  real  crisis  of  the  battle,  the  Romans 
having  lost  their  preponderant  advantage  of  ground. 

And  now  it  seemed  as  if  the  superior  discipline  of 
the  Romans  could  avail  nothing  against  the  enormous 
bulk  and  overwhelming  numbers  of  the  enemy.  Nothing 
but  the  foresight  of  Marius  in  sending  Marcellus  to  fall 
on  the  rear  of  the  barbarians  could  have  saved  the 
Romans  from  disaster  at  this  critical  juncture. 

In  the  very  nick  of  time,  Marcellus  sprang  from  his 
skilfully  laid  ambush,  creating  the  panic,  on  which  the 
Roman  general  had  not  reckoned  in  vain  to  decide  the 
day  in  his  favour.  The  battle  which  at  one  moment 
had  threatened  to  add  another  disaster  to  the  list  of 
Roman  reverses,  was  now  converted  into  a  decided 
victory.  But  the  bloodiest  work  had  yet  to  be  accom- 
plished in  the  butchery  of  at  least  100,000  of  the 
demoralized  barbarians.  At  least  as  many  women, 
many  of  whom  perished  by  their  own  hands  having 
previously  dashed  out  the  brains  of  their  children,  have 
to  be  added  to  the  losses  of  the  Teutones  on  that  day. 

Never  before  or  since  have  the  plains  of  Provence 
witnessed  such  a  terrible  slaughter,  and  rich  were  the 
subsequent  harvests  gathered  in,  as  Plutarch  relates,  by 
the  Massiliot  cultivators  of  the  lands  around  Pourrieres'. 
In  addition  to  the  slaughtered,  many  thousand  of  the 
barbarians  were  taken  prisoners  to  be  sold  as  slaves. 

We  gather  from  Caesar'^  that  German  slaves  played 
a  formidable  part  in  the  Servile  war,  B.C.  73 — 71.  But 
these  may  have  been  mainly  Cimbri  captured  at  Ver- 
cellae  the  year  after.     The  executioner,  who  was  sent  to 

^  The  name  of  Fourrieres  is  derived  from  '  Campi  putridi.' 
-  Dc  Bdlo  Gallico,  i.  40. 


Il8       THE  BATTLE  OF  AQUAE  SEXTIAE. 

slay  Marius  in  prison,  when  his  fortunes  had  deserted 
him,  is  said  to  have  been  a  Cimber,  who  shrunk  back  in 
dismay  from  the  task. 

In  the  valley  of  the  Arc,  the  memories  of  Marius 
and  his  battles  are  still  as  fresh  as  if  they  had  occurred 
but  yesterday.  Hardly  a  year  passes  but  what  at  least 
one  fresh  publication  issues  from  the  press,  and  the 
latest  theories  about  the  site  of  the  encampments  and 
engagements  are  eagerly  discussed  by  the  literary 
circles  of  Aix. 

Nor  is  it  only  in  the  city  of  Aix,  where  the  battles  of 
Marius  and  the  Teutones  are  fought  over  again.  If  you 
address  a  peasant  at  work  in  the  fields,  whose  plough 
has  often  turned  up  relics  of  the  battle  field,  he  will 
probably  be  ready  with  some  remark  referring  to  the 
bloody  work  perpetrated  on  the  field  of  Pourrieres 
(Campi  putridi)  2,000  years  ago.  The  daughter  of  the 
landlady  of  the  Hotel  Silvy  at  Pourrieres  is  as  well  up 
in  her  Plutarch,  as  if  she  had  been  a  student  at 
Newnham  or  Girton.  Even  the  village  fountain  is 
modelled  after  the  triumphal  monument  of  Marius,  the 
base  of  which  is  still  extant,  close  to  the  high  road  from 
Aix  to  St  Maximin.  The  remains  are  marked  on  the 
government  maps  as  "  Ruines  de  Tare  de  Triomphe  de 
Marius." 

The  peasant,  who  pointed  them  out  to  me  as  the 
tomb  of  a  Roman  general,  informed  me  that  French 
troops  on  the  march  invariably  salute  these  remains  of 
departed  Roman  greatness. 

It  lies  outside  the  scope  of  this  work  to  give  any 
description  of  the  destruction  of  the  Cimbri  in  the 
spring  of  the  following  year  B.C.  loi,  at  Vercellae  in 
Piedmont,  where  the  combined  forces  of  Marius  and 
Catulus  completed  the  work  only  half  accomplished  at 
Aquae  Sextiae  by  Marius  single-handed. 


CHAPTER   XII. 

The   Roman    Province  from  Marius  to  Julius 
Caesar. 

The  victories  of  Marius  and  Catulus  over  the  Teutones 
and  Cimbri  had  so  flooded  Italy  with  German  slaves 
that  a  servile  war  was  added  to  the  other  dangers  with 
which  the  Romans  had  to  cope  at  this  stormy  period. 

After  Caesar's  great  victory  over  Vercingetorix  at 
Alesia\  a  Gallic  prisoner  was  assigned  to  each  of 
Caesar's  soldiers  as  his  share  of  the  booty.  As  an 
able-bodied  slave  was  worth  about  iJ"io  as  a  labourer  or 
common  fighting  gladiator,  and  a  much  higher  figure  if 
he  was  skilful  at  any  craft,  it  was  in  the  eyes  of  the 
Romans  sheer  waste  of  good  money  to  shed  more 
barbarian  blood  on  the  battle  field  than  was  necessary 
to  secure  a  victory. 

It  proved  however  a  highly  dangerous  game  to 
preserve  human  beings,  like  wild  beasts,  alive  for  the 
purpose  of  sport  and  satiating  the  public  thirst  for 
displays  of  bloodshed  in  the  arena.  The  Servile  War, 
which  raged  in  Sicily  some  years  before  the  Cimbric 
invasion  of  Italy,  had  opened  the  eyes  of  the  Romans  to 
some  extent  to  this  risk. 

But  as  the  victims  of  the  fearful  outrages  which  were 
enacted  in  that  island  belonged  mostly  to  the  Greek 
land-owning  class,  they  were  not  as  yet  fully  brought 
home  to  Roman  imaginations. 

1  De  Bella  Gallico,  vn.  c.  89. 


120      THE  ROMAN  PROVINCE  FROM  MARIUS  TO  CAESAR. 

But  before  the  Servile  War  burst  upon  Italy,  the 
Roman  state  was  torn  asunder  by  a  succession  of  inter- 
necine struggles  between  the  optimates  led  by  Sylla 
and  the  popular  party  led  by  Alarius  and  Cinna,  which 
deluged  the  city  of  Rome  with  blood.  The  only  wonder 
is  that  there  was  any  energy  left  in  such  a  distracted 
community  for  the  prosecution  of  the  war  against 
Mithridates,  or  against  the  Italian  allies,  who  were  in 
arms  asserting  their  claims  to  Roman  citizenship. 

That  Provincia  was  neglected  or  misgoverned,  dur- 
ing the  years  which  succeeded  the  victories  of  Marius,  is 
in  no  way  surprising. 

It  is  related  by  Plutarch  that  in  order  to  test  the 
loyalty  of  the  recently  conquered  provincials  during  the 
period  of  expecting  the  return  of  the  Cimbri  from  Spain, 
Marius  had  sent  round  to  the  chiefs  sealed  letters,  with 
instructions  not  to  open  them  before  a  certain  date. 
But  before  the  arrival  of  that  date,  he  sent  to  recall  those 
letters,  which  had  all  been  already  opened.  This  con- 
vinced the  Roman  general  that  the  natives  were  intriguing 
with  barbarians. 

The  general  spirit  of  disaffection  which  smouldered 
amongst  the  provincials  at  the  period  of  the  Germanic 
invasion,  only  breaking  out  into  actual  flame  in  the  case 
of  the  Volcae  Tectosages  at  Toulouse,  was  by  no  means 
allayed  by  the  annihilation  of  the  barbarians,  and  the 
triumph  of  the  Roman  arms  on  the  battle  field  of  Pour- 
rieres. 

To  what  extent  more  territory  was  annexed  by  the 
Romans  for  the  purpose  of  providing  farms  for  the 
Marian  soldiery,  we  are  nowhere  precisely  told.  But  we 
can  hardly  doubt  but  that  large  tracts  of  land  in  the 
Provincia  which  had  been  rescued  from  barbarism  and 
preserved  as  Roman  by  their  valour,  were  apportioned 
out  as  farms  amongst  the  veterans  of  Marius. 

From  that  day  to  this  the  name  of  Marius  has  main- 
tained a  firm  hold  of  the  popular  imagination  in  Provence. 
Marius  is  still  by  far  the  most  popular  Christian  name  to 


i 


CHAP.    XII.  121 

give  to  boys,  and  is  strangely  associated  with  the  name 
of  "  Maria."  With  the  two  names  Marius  and  Maria,  a 
third — that  of  Martha,  is  commonly  associated.  As 
Martha  was  both  the  name  of  the  sister  of  Lazarus, 
first  legendary  bishop  of  Marseilles,  and  of  the  Syrian 
prophetess  who  was  the  spiritual  adviser  of  Marius 
throughout  his  campaign,  there  is  a  wide  field  open  to 
controversialists  in  determining  the  identity  of  the  indi- 
viduals making  up  the  sacred  Trio  or  so-called  "  Tre 
Marie  "  in  different  parts  of  Provence.  A  very  ancient 
bas-relief  carved  in  the  rock  at  Les  Baux  near  Aries 
represents  three  human  figures  known  by  that  name. 

The  period  of  forty  years  which  elapsed  between 
Marius  and  the  appointment  of  his  nephew  Julius  Caesar 
to  the  proconsulship  of  both  hither  and  further  Gaul, 
was  marked  by  a  succession  of  revolts. 

Twelve  years  after  the  battle  of  Aix,  the  Salluvii,  in 
spite  of  the  bloody  scenes  which  had  so  recently  been 
enacted  in  their  territory,  again  took  up  arms  against 
the  Romans.  Their  revolt,  which  appears  to  have  been 
their  final  effort  to  shake  off  the  Roman  yoke,  was  put 
down,  as  we  learn  from  the  epitome  of  Livy,  Lib.  73, 
by  the  Roman  general  C.  Caecilius^ 

In  the  Fasti  Capitolini  for  the  year  B.C.  81,  the  name 
of  Valerius  Flaccus  is  recorded  as  having  triumphed 
over  Gauls  and  Celtiberians — a  conjunction  of  names, 
which  seems  to  prove  that  the  imperium  of  the  Governor 
or  Proconsul  of  Gallia  Narbonnensis  extended  at  this 
period  over  both  slopes  of  the  Pyrenees. 

We  are  reminded  of  this  Valerius  Flaccus  by  a  refer- 
ence to  him  in  Caesar's  De  Bello  Gallico"^,  from  which  we 
learn  that  it  was  he  who  conferred  the  Roman  franchise 
on  the  father  of  Caesar's  confidential  Gallic  agent,  Caius 
Valerius  Procillus,  who  was  employed  by  Caesar  as 
interpreter  during  the  negotiations  with  Ariovistus. 

Provincia,  the  first  big  slice  cut  out  of  Gallia  Trans- 

'  This  name  seems  to  require  the  addition  of  '  Metellus.' 
-  De  Bello  Gallico,  1.53. 


122      THE  ROMAN  PROVINCE  FROM  MARIUS  TO  CAESAR. 

alpina,  the  colonization  of  which  by  landless  Roman 
citizens  had  always  formed  part  of  the  Radical  pro- 
gramme at  Rome,  naturally  became  a  stronghold  of  the 
Marian  faction. 

Situated  just  outside  the  political  frontier  of  Italy, 
and  yet  resembling  it  in  climate  and  fertility  of  soil, 
Provincia  soon  bid  fair  to  rival  the  mother  country  in 
the  production  of  wine  and  oil,  which  had  hitherto  been 
almost  the  monopoly  of  the  Roman  nobility. 

Pliny ^  the  elder  writing  of  it  about  two  centuries 
after  its  conquest  by  the  Romans,  describes  it  as  "  Agro- 
rum  cultu,  virorum  morumque  dignatione,  amplitudine 
opum,  nulli  provinciarum  postferenda,  breviter  Italia 
verius  quam  Provincia."  But  it  was  far  from  having 
reached  this  stage  of  civilization  as  yet. 

To  save  their  lives  from  the  proscriptions  of  Sylla, 
which  succeeded  his  triumphal  return  to  Italy  from  the 
East  B.C.  83,  numbers  of  the  Radical  faction,  which  was 
reduced  to  its  lowest  ebb  by  the  deaths  of  Marius  and 
Cinna,  had  fled  for  refuge  into  Provincia.  Most  of 
these,  sooner  or  later,  found  their  way  across  the  Pyre- 
nees into  Spain,  to  take  service  under  Sertorius,  who 
had  raised  the  standard  of  rebellion  in  the  Iberian 
Peninsula. 

It  was  the  misfortune  of  Provincia  during  the  ten 
years,  B.C.  82 — 72,  over  which  the  rebellion  of  Sertorius 
lasted,  to  serve  as  a  thoroughfare  and  to  be  called  upon 
to  support  the  succession  of  Roman  armies  which  were 
used  up  in  the  vain  effort  to  put  down  a  movement 
which  was  really  more  like  an  attempt  to  set  up  a  rival 
government  of  Romans  in  Spain,  than  a  mere  insur- 
rection. 

As  long  as  Sylla  lived,  the  Marian  faction  remained 
powerless  to  disturb  public  order  in  Italy,  confining  its 
energies  to  sending  supplies  and  recruits  to  Sertorius. 

However,  on  the  death  of  Sylla  B.C.  78,  the  Marians 
succeeded  in  getting  their  candidate  M.  Aemilius  Lepidus 

1  Nat.  Hist.  in.  5, 


CHAP.    XII.  123 

elected  consul  in  conjunction  with  Quintus  Lutatius 
Catulus,  the  son  of  the  former  colleague  of  Marius  in 
his  triumph  over  the  Cimbri.  At  the  expiration  of  his 
year  of  office,  Lepidus  contrived  to  get  himself  appointed 
proconsul  of  Provincia. 

Had  he  reached  his  province,  it  is  morally  certain 
that  Lepidus  would  have  eventually  carried  the  legions 
placed  under  his  orders  across  the  Pyrenees  to  join  the 
ranks  of  Sertorius  in  Spain.  But  having  rashly  deter- 
mined to  employ  them  in  a  preliminary  attempt  to  stir 
up  civil  war  afresh  in  Italy,  Lepidus  got  the  beating 
which  he  richly  deserved,  in  a  battle  fought  at  the 
Milvian  bridge  against  his  Conservative  rival  Catulus. 
Upon  this  Lepidus  fled  for  refuge  to  the  island  of  Sar- 
dinia, where  he  soon  after  died^ 

After  the  death  of  Lepidus,  his  legate  Perperna 
crossed  from  Sardinia  into  Spain,  bringing,  according  to 
Plutarch,  53  cohorts  and  large  sums  of  money  to  the  aid 
of  Sertorius. 

In  the  place  of  Lepidus,  L.  Mallius  was  sent  as 
proconsul  into  Provincia.  But  he  too  appears  to  have 
passed  very  little  of  his  time  within  the  bounds  of  his 
Gallic  province.  For  before  he  had  settled  down  to  his 
work,  which  must  have  already  fallen  heavily  into  arrear 
from  the  failure  of  Lepidus  even  to  put  in  an  appear- 
ance, Mallius  was  summoned  into  Spain,  to  the  assist- 
ance of  Q.  Metellus.  For  the  war  which  Sertorius  had 
stirred  up  in  Spain  was  assuming  such  alarming  propor- 
tions that  we  find  it  described  by  the  epitomist  of  Livy* 
as  an  "  ingens  bellum."  But  instead  of  contributing  to 
the  suppression  of  the  rebellion  the  expedition  of  Mallius 
into  Spain  had  just  the  opposite  effect.  For  it  turned 
out  an  utter  failure,  resulting  in  disaster  and  defeat  on 
both  sides  of  the  Pyrenees,  lending  encouragement  to 
rebellion  everywhere.     Badly  beaten  in  further  Spain  by 

1  This  M.  AemilLus  Lepidus  was  the  fatlier  of  Lepidus  tiie  Triumvir,  of 
whom  we  shall  read  later  on. 
'•^  Livy,  Epit.  90. 


124      THE  ROMAN  PROVINXE  FROM  MARIUS  TO  CAESAR. 

Hirtuleius,  the  able  quaestor  of  Sertorius,  MalHus  with 
the  remnant  of  his  legions  retreated  across  the  Western 
Pyrenees  into  Aquitania,  hoping  to  regain  the  Roman 
province  unmolested. 

But  the  fierce  and  as  yet  unconquered  Aquitanians, 
surprising  the  dispirited  Romans  on  their  march,  created 
a  panic  amongst  them,  and  put  them  to  flight,  with  the 
loss  of  the  whole  of  their  baggage  train. 

The  state  of  affairs  in  Spain  had  now  become  so 
critical,  that  it  became  clear  that  Pompey  was  the  only 
general  of  sufficient  calibre  to  cope  with  it.  Although 
still  a  youth  (he  was  in  his  30th  year),  Pompey  already 
enjoyed  a  reputation  hardly  inferior  to  that  of  Marius 
when  he  was  summoned  by  popular  acclamation  to  save 
Italy  from  the  Cimbro-Teuton  invasion. 

From  Pompey's  famous  letter,  which  was  addressed 
to  the  Roman  Senate  from  Spain,  when  he  was  at  the 
height  of  his  operations  against  Sertorius,  we  learn  the 
interesting  fact,  that  at  the  moment  of  Pompey's  ap- 
pointment the  war  had  spread  over  Provincia  right  up 
to  the  Alps. 

This  daring  attempt  on  the  part  of  Sertorius  to  carry 
his  forces  across  the  Alps  and  transfer  the  field  of  his 
operations  to  Italy  appears  to  have  been  completely 
frustrated  by  Pompey,  if  we  are  to  believe  his  own 
account  of  it. 

As  being  the  first  occasion  on  which  a  Roman  army 
was  ever,  as  far  as  we  know,  carried  across  the  Alps,  the 
passage  of  Pompey  is  singularly  interesting  to  us. 
Hitherto  in  their  successive  invasions  of  Provincia,  as  we 
have  seen,  the  Roman  legions  had  been  conveyed  to 
their  destination  by  sea. 

But  now  that  the  forces  under  Sertorius  were  re- 
ported to  be  scaling  the  Alps,  it  was  necessary  to  send 
an  army  by  land  to  oppose  their  passage.  Unfortunately, 
the  letter  of  Pompey  to  the  Senate  only  refers  incident- 
ally to  his  passage  of  the  Alps,  and  his  encounter  with 
Sertorius.     It  runs  thus  : — "  Having  equipped  my  army 


ROMAN     ARCH    AT    SUSA,    ERECTED    BY     KING     COTTIUS     IN     HONOUR    OF 

AUGUSTUS. 


To  face  p.    125] 


CHAP.   XII.  125 

in  the  short  space  of  forty  days,  I  pushed  the  enemy, 
whom  I  found  threatening  Italy-  from  the  Alps,  right 
back  into  Spain,  having  opened  up  a  new  road  through 
the  Alps,  more  convenient  for  us  than  that  by  which 
Hannibal  crossed." 

"  I  won  back  Provincia  as  far  as  the  Pyrenees  to  our 
allegiance,  and  successfully  bore  the  brunt  of  the  attack 
of  Sertorius'  victorious  veterans  with  my  untrained 
troops  \" 

The  new  route  over  the  Alps  referred  to  by  Pompey 
as  more  convenient  'to  us '  can  have  been  no  other  than 
that  of  the  Mont  Genevre.  For  it  must  be  fixed  to  the 
south  of  Hannibal's  road  (by  the  Mt  Cenis)  in  order  to 
make  it  more  convenient  for  reaching  Aries  and  Spain, 
for  which  he  was  bound. 

To  anyone  sufficiently  familiar  with  the  Alps  to 
enable  him  to  make  a  comparison  between  the  Mont 
Genevre  and  other  passes,  it  can  excite  no  wonder  that 
the  Romans  adopted  it  as  their  favourite  line  of  com- 
munication between  North  Italy  and  Spain  across  the 
Roman  Province.  For  it  presents  hardly  any  of  the 
features  and  difficulties  incident  to  the  ordinary  Alpine 
pass. 

At  the  highest  point  of  the  so-called  Pass,  which  is 
about  the  same  elevation  as  the  Rigi-Culm,  the  road  is 
carried  for  two  or  three  miles  almost  on  the  level,  across 
a  broad  plateau  commanded  by  heights  crowned  with 
pine  and  larch.  In  the  centre  lies  the  smiling  village 
of  Mt  Genevre  with  its  neat  church  surmounted  by  a 
stone  spire.  It  is  by  a  long  way  the  most  human  of  the 
Alpine  passes,  and  a  spot,  where  you  feel  disposed  to 
linger  rather  than  to  hurry  through.  If  other  con- 
siderations did  not  prevent  us  from  adopting  it  as 
Hannibal's  pass,  the  sunny  plateau  would  have  been 
most  suitable  for  the  two  days'  rest,  which  Hannibal  is 
said  by  Livy  to  have  given  to  his  tired-out  followers  on 
the  summit.     The  classical  name  of  the  mountain  top 

^  Sallust.   Appended  to  the  Teubner  Edition  of  the  Bellum  Jugurlhinum. 


126      THE  ROMAN  PROVINCE  FROM  MARIUS  TO  CAESAR. 

'  Mons  Matrona '  seems  strictly  in  harmony  with  the 
'genius  loci,'  offering  as  it  does  a  broad  lap  for  the 
repose  of  the  weary. 

In  the  same  letter  to  the  Senate,  Pompey  represents 
the  urgent  need  in  which  he  stood  of  money  and  sup- 
plies. He  threatens  the  Senate  with  the  almost  certain 
prospect  of  the  transfer  of  the  war  into  Italy,  owing  to 
the  exhaustion  of  supplies  both  in  Spain  and  Provincia, 
adding  that  owing  to  a  failure  of  the  harvest  in  the 
latter  country,  there  was  barely  enough  corn  for  the 
inhabitants.  This  threat  conveyed  in  Pompey's  letter 
seems  to  have  brought  the  Senate  to  its  senses.  For 
money  and  supplies  were  dispatched  in  response  to  it, 
and  the  insurrection  of  Sertorius  was  henceforth  con- 
fined to  Spain. 

In  what  remains  to  us  of  his  oration  on  behalf  of 
M.  Fonteius,  who  was  governor  of  the  Provincia  Ro- 
mana  during  three  years  of  the  period  during  which 
Pompey  was  operating  against  Sertorius,  i.e.  from 
"j^  to  74  B.C.,  Cicero  supplies  us  with  some  valuable 
material  for  forming  a  picture  of  the  state  of  Provincia 
at  that  period.  Entrusted  by  Pompey  with  the  pacifi- 
cation of  the  province  and  with  the  execution  of  his 
decrees  of  confiscation  of  the  estates  of  the  provincials, 
who  had  joined  in  the  rebellion  of  Sertorius,  Fonteius 
appears  to  have  carried  out  his  commission  so  rigorously 
and  to  have  exasperated  the  natives  so  effectually,  that 
five  years  after  his  retirement  they  got  him  brought 
to  trial  at  Rome  on  the  charge  of  extortion  and  em- 
bezzlement of  public  funds. 

That  the  rebellion  in  Provincia  was  widespread  and 
formidable  is  proved  by  the  important  fact,  which  we 
learn  solely  from  the  speech  of  Cicero,  that  the  insur- 
gents even  laid  siege  to  the  Roman  colony  of  Narbonne. 
That  Fonteius  successfully  relieved  the  capital  from 
falling  into  their  hands  is  dwelt  upon  by  Cicero  as  one 
of  his  client's  titles  to  the  enduring  gratitude  of  the 
Roman  settlers  in  the  earliest  colony  in  Gaul. 


CHAP.   XII.  127 

In  appraising  the  value  of  Cicero's  estimate  of  the 
GaUic  element  in  the  population  of  Provincia,  we  must 
always  bear  in  mind  that  he  speaks  as  an  advocate, 
endeavouring  to  get  a  verdict  of  acquittal  from  a 
prejudiced  Roman  jury. 

Had  Cicero  been  retained  for  the  prosecution,  we 
can  easily  imagine  from  reading  between  the  lines  of  his 
defence,  what  a  case  might  have  been  made  out  against 
his  client  Fonteius  by  the  orator,  who  had  denounced 
Verres  so  vigorously  only  the  year  previously  (B.C.  70). 

In  picturing  the  Gauls  as  the  enemies  of  all  religion, 
and  referring  to  their  former  exploits  in  besieging 
Jupiter  in  his  temple  at  Rome  on  the  Capitoline  Hill 
and  outraging  the  oracle  of  Apollo  at  Delphi,  Cicero 
raked  up  old  stories  which  were  as  irrelevant  as  the 
addresses  of  advocates  in  our  own  time  often  are. 

In  going  on  to  accuse  the  Gauls  of  the  Provincia  of 
his  day  as  continuing  the  practice  of  human  sacrifice,  in 
order  to  discredit  them  as  witnesses,  it  looks  as  if  he 
must  wilfully  have  departed  from  the  truth.  For  only 
20  years  later,  Julius  Caesar^  expressly  remarks  on  the 
superior  "cultus  atque  humanitas"  which  distinguished 
Provincia  from  the  rest  of  Gaul.  After  this  highly 
coloured  and  distorted  description  of  the  Gauls,  Cicero 
proceeds  thus : 

"  In  this  same  Provincia,  there  is  planted  Narbo 
Martins,  a  colony  of  our  own  citizens — the  very  image 
of  the  Roman  people,  an  advanced  post  of  civilization 
thrown  into  the  jaws  of  those  savages.  There  is  too  the 
city  of  Marseilles — a  community  of  our  most  valiant 
and  trusty  allies,  who  from  time  immemorial  have  stood 
by  us  in  sharing  the  risks  and  burdens  of  Gallic  wars. 
There  is,  too,  an  unlimited  number  of  Roman  citizens, 
most  trustworthy  individuals." 

Further  on,  Cicero  remarks  "  Besides,  while  Fonteius 
was  governor,  the  numerous  and  fully  equipped  army  of 
Cnaeus  Pompeius  was  quartered  for  a  whole  winter  in 
1  De  Bdlo  Galljco,  i.  i. 


128      THE  ROMAN  PROVINCE  FROM  MARIUS  TO  CAESAR. 

the  Roman  Province,  which  was  crammed  full  of  Roman 
knights,  military  tribunes  and  legates,  constantly  pass- 
ing backwards  and  forwards  between  the  armies  and 
generals  in  both  the  Spanish  provinces  \" 

That  not  a  single  one  of  these  honourable  Romans 
could  be  got  to  bear  witness  against  Fonteius  was, 
according  to  Cicero,  sufificient  proof  of  the  innocence 
of  his  client. 

However,  with  the  guilt  or  innocence  of  Fonteius 
we  are  not  here  concerned.  It  is  sufficient  for  us  that 
Cicero  admits  and  puts  it  down  to  his  client's  credit, 
that  he  extracted  from  the  unfortunate  provincials 
immense  sums  of  money  and  supplies  of  corn  to  carry 
on  the  war  in  Spain,  in  addition  to  providing  the 
Roman  armies  all  over  the  globe  with  complements  of 
cavalry. 

We  are  not  specifically  informed,  which  native  tribes 
were  the  ringleaders  in  the  revolt  of  the  provincials,  put 
down  by  Pompey's  legate  Fonteius.  But  we  gather 
from  a  reference  in  the  De  Bello  Civilly  I.  35  that  it  was 
the  Volcae  and  Helvii,  who  were  on  this  occasion 
mulcted  of  territory  which  Pompey  handed  over  to  the 
Republic  of  IMarseilles,  acquiring  thereby  its  support 
when  the  Civil  War  broke  out  between  him  and  Julius 
Caesar. 

Although  the  Allobroges  are  represented  as  being 
loudest  in  their  complaints  against  Fonteius,  it  is  doubt- 
ful whether  they  actually  took  up  arms  against  his 
exactions.  At  all  events,  their  territory  lying  as  it  did 
well  out  of  reach  of  annexation  by  the  Republic  of 
Marseilles  was  left  to  them  whole,  although  subjected  to 
heavy  taxation  and  arbitrary  exactions. 

Within  the  next  few  years,  however,  they  broke  out 
twice  into  open  insurrections,  the  first  of  which  was  put 
down  by  Calpurnius  Piso  in  B.C.  66,  and  the  second  by 
C.  Pomptinus  in  61. 

Between  these  two  risings,  namely  in   the  year  of 

^   0 ratio  pro  J\L  Fonteio,  ch.  13 — 16. 


CHAP.   XII.  129 

Cicero's  consulship  B.C.  63,  the  Allobroges  sent  an 
embassy  to  Rome  to  endeavour  to  get  some  redress 
from  the  Senate  from  the  unbearable  exactions  of  the 
Provincial  governors.  It  so  happened  that  the  presence 
of  their  ambassadors  in  Rome  coincided  with  the  plot- 
ting of  the  Catiline  conspiracy. 

Disappointed  in  their  hopes  of  getting  satisfaction 
from  the  Senate,  the  ambassadors  of  the  Allobroges 
were  approached  by  the  leaders  of  the  Catiline  con- 
spiracy, who  promised  them  complete  redress  of  their 
grievances,  in  the  event  of  their  contributing  to  make 
the  conspiracy  successful  by  getting  up  a  rising  in  their 
own  country. 

Feigning  readiness  to  co-operate  in  the  manner 
indicated  by  the  conspirators,  and  having  obtained 
written  promises  of  rewards  from  the  authors  of  the 
conspiracy,  the  ambassadors  of  the  Allobroges  left 
Rome  at  night-fall  on  their  homeward  journey. 

They  had,  however,  already  betrayed  the  secret  of 
their  negotiations  to  Cicero,  the  consul,  who  by  agree- 
ment with  them  had  made  arrangements  to  have  the 
whole  party  arrested  at  the  Milvian  bridge,  about  a  mile 
and  a  half  to  the  north  of  the  city,  where  the  Via 
Flaminia  crosses  the  Tiber. 

On  the  indisputable  evidence  of  the  compromising 
documents  seized  on  the  persons  of  the  Ambassadors, 
Lentulus  and  Cethegus,  two  of  the  leading  conspirators, 
were  arrested  by  Cicero,  and  shortly  afterwards  sum- 
marily put  to  death.  Although  Catiline  himself  con- 
trived to  escape  from  the  city  and  openly  raised  the 
standard  of  rebellion  in  Etruria,  the  danger  of  a  rising 
at  Rome  was  averted.  But  in  spite  of  this  important 
service  rendered  to  the  Republic  by  their  ambassadors 
at  this  crisis,  the  Roman  Senate  continued  to  turn  a 
deaf  ear  to  the  legitimate  complaints  of  the  Allobroges. 

Having  exhausted  every  expedient  of  getting  redress 
by  peaceful  means,  the  Allobroges  were  at  last  provoked 
into  taking  up   arms,  but  not  in  conjunction  with  the 

H.  9 


130      THE  ROMAN  PROVINCE  FROM  MARIUS  TO  CAESAR. 

conspiracy  of  Catiline.  For  that  rebellion  had  been 
effectually  stamped  out,  before  Cicero  and  the  Senate 
dared  finally  to  reject  the  appeal  of  the  Allobroges  for 
more  lenient  treatment. 

The  praetor  Caius  Pomptinus,  who  had  been  Cicero's 
right  hand  man  in  the  suppression  of  the  Catiline  con- 
spiracy, was  now  sent  into  the  Roman  Province,  with 
the  commission  to  spare  no  severity  in  the  repression  of 
the  rising  of  the  Allobroges. 

But  before  his  arrival  on  the  scene,  Catugnatus  the 
leader  of  the  Allobroges  so  completely  out-generalled 
Manlius  Lentinus,  the  legate  of  Pomptinus,  that  the 
Roman  army  was  only  saved  from  destruction  by  the 
occurrence  of  a  tempest  of  unusual  violence. 

When  however  Pomptinus  took  the  field  in  person, 
he  soon  turned  the  tables  upon  the  enemy,  and  having 
contrived  to  draw  a  cordon  around  the  insurgent  forces, 
made  prisoners  of  the  whole.  Catugnatus  nevertheless 
contrived  to  escape. 

The  rebellion  of  the  Allobroges  being  thus  effectually 
put  down,  Pomptinus  set  out  for  Rome  confidently 
anticipating  that  the  Senate  would  grant  him  the 
honours  of  the  triumph,  to  which  he  considered  himself 
justly  entitled.  In  this  expectation  he  was  however 
doomed  to  disappointment.  For  taking  advantage  of  a 
technical  irregularity  in  the  conferring  of  his  '  imperium  ' 
his  enemies  in  the  Senate  were  successful  in  preventing 
the  passing  of  the  requisite  decree. 

So  determined  however  was  Pomptinus  to  achieve 
his  purpose  in  spite  of  the  Senate,  that  he  had  the 
patience  to  wait  six  whole  years  outside  the  city,  taking 
up  his  residence  in  the  Pomoerium.  Had  he  set  foot 
within  the  city,  his  chance  of  triumphing  would  have 
been  forfeited. 

This  extraordinary  patience  was  ultimately  rewarded. 
For  although  the  Senate  persisted  in  its  refusal,  Servius 
Sulpicius  Galba,  who  had  formerly  served  as  legate 
under    Pomptinus,    got    a    triumph    voted    by   popular 


CHAP.   XII.  131 

resolution,  B.C.  54.  Although  it  was  alleged  that  this 
resolution  was  illegal,  as  having  been  carried  before 
daylight,  Pomptinus  was  notwithstanding  permitted  to 
enjoy  the  honours  of  a  triumph. 

That  he  richly  deserved  them  for  the  signal  services 
rendered  to  the  Republic  can  hardly  be  doubted.  For 
up  to  their  final  reduction  by  Pomptinus  B.C.  61,  the 
Allobroges  had  been  a  constant  source  of  trouble  to  the 
Romans,  having  been  in  a  chronic  state  of  secret  or 
open  rebellion. 

Chafing  under  the  Roman  yoke  from  which  their 
more  fortunate  Ligurian  neighbours,  the  Vocontii,  were 
left  entirely  free,  the  Allobroges  were  keenly  sensible  of 
their  inferior  status  as  mere  provincial  subjects  of 
Rome. 

The  attempt  to  govern  such  a  restless  people  from 
distant  centres,  such  as  Aquae  Sextiae  or  Narbonne, 
having  entirely  broken  down,  Vienna  (Vienne-en-Dau- 
phine)  now  became  the  seat  of  Roman  administration 
of  the  country  comprised  between  the  Isere,  the  Rhone 
and  the  Alps. 


9—2 


CHAPTER   XIII. 

The  Provincia  Romana  in  relation  to 
Caesar's  Gallic  and  Civil  Wars. 

With  the  appearance  of  Julius  Caesar  in  Gaul  and  his 
assumption  of  the  reins  of  government  in  Provincia,  the 
relations  of  the  Allobroges  to  the  Romans  underwent  a 
radical  change.  Realizing  that  the  country  of  the 
Allobroges  was  the  most  convenient,  if  not  the  only 
possible,  base  for  his  operations  in  Gallia  Comata — the 
'  omnis  Gallia '  of  the  De  Bello  Gallico — Caesar  deter- 
mined to  secure  their  friendship  at  any  price.  As  if  by 
magic,  from  having  been  the  most  troublesome  people  in 
Transalpine  Gaul,  the  Allobroges  suddenly  became  the 
most  loyal,  and  remained  the  most  steadfast  allies  of  the 
Romans  throughout  the  whole  period  of  Caesar's  Gallic 
Wars. 

Even  when  the  constancy  of  the  Aedui  broke  down, 
in  spite  of  their  sworn  brotherhood  with  the  Romans,  at 
the  critical  moment  following  the  repulse  of  the  Romans 
from  Gergovia,  the  Allobroges  remained  true.  Had  they 
also  been  induced  to  join  in  the  national  rising  and 
yielded  to  the  solicitation  of  Vercingetorix,  it  would  in 
all  probability  have  been  all  over  with  the  fortunes  of 
Caesar,  and  the  course  of  Roman  history  would  have 
been  diverted  into  an  entirely  different  channel. 

By  what  specific  means  Caesar  succeeded  in  winning 
over  the  affections  of  the  Allobroges,  we  are  not,  as  far 
as  I  can  discover,  directly  informed  by  any  classical 
authority.  But  from  a  somewhat  rare  and  much-esteemed 


CHAP.   XIII.  133 

local  \vork\  of  which  I  made  an  analysis  from  a  copy- 
borrowed  during  my  journey  through  the  country,  1 
have  derived  much  useful  information  bearing  on  the 
subject. 

It  is  stated  by  Pitot  that  Pomptinus,  the  predecessor 
of  Julius  Caesar  in  the  governorship  of  Provincia  after 
his  final  subjugation  of  the  Allobroges,  established  at 
Vienna  a  colony  of  Roman  and  Italian  veterans.  Al- 
though I  failed  to  note  his  authority  for  this  statement, 
it  is  practically  certain,  that  under  the  rule  of  Pomptinus 
Vienna  became  for  the  first  time  the  seat  of  Roman 
Government  in  Northern  Provincia,  which  was  bounded 
by  the  course  of  the  Rhone  as  far  as  Geneva. 

Already  in  the  days  of  Hannibal,  a  century  and  a 
half  earlier,  the  existence  of  a  '  senate  '  of  the  Allobroges 
is  mentioned  by  Livy  where  he  states  that  the  decision 
of  the  Carthaginian  leader  in  favour  of  the  elder  disputant 
for  the  chieftainship  was  agreeable  to  '  the  Senate '  and 
chiefs  of  the  nation. 

That  this  '  Senate '  was  entirely  suppressed  during 
the  rigorous  regime  of  Pomptinus  seems  more  than  pro- 
bable. To  restore  it  partially,  and  remodel  it  on  a  safe 
basis,  appears  to  have  been  a  leading  feature  in  Caesar's 
new  scheme  of  government.  But  as  out  of  100  seats  25 
only  were  assigned  to  Allobroges,  it  is  difficult  to  under- 
stand how  this  arrangement  can  have  been  accepted 
even  for  a  time  by  the  native  population.  The  theory 
that  Caesar,  like  Napoleon,  exercised  a  magnetic  in- 
fluence over  the  Gallic  race,  alone  explains  much  that 
would  be  otherwise  unintelligible  in  his  dealings  with 
the  Gauls. 

That  Caesar  took  an  active  part  in  the  formation  of 
the  Senate  of  the  Allobroges  is  proved  by  the  fact  that 
he  caused  his  native  associates  and  particular  friends — 
Raucillus  and  Egus,  sons  of  Abducillus,  for  many  years 
chief  of  the  state — to  be  elected  supernumerary  members 

'  "Recherches  sur  les   Antitjuites   Dauphinoises,  par  J.  J.  A.   Pitot." 
(Baratier,  Grenoble,  1833.) 


134      TROVINCIA    IN    RELATION    TO   CAESAR'S   WARS. 

of  that  body,  having  previously  endowed  them  with 
estates  in  land  confiscated  in  Gaul  (Gallia  Comata). 

That  the  temporary  loyalty  of  the  Allobroges  is  to 
be  attributed  solely  to  their  devotion  to  the  personality 
of  Julius  Caesar  seems  proved  by  the  fact  that  no  sooner 
did  they  hear  of  his  assassination  than  they  rose  en 
masse  and  expelled  the  entire  body  of  Roman  and 
Italian  colonists  out  of  Vienna. 

Instead  of  severely  punishing  the  authors  of  this 
outrage,  the  Roman  Senate,  in  the  confusion  following 
the  murder  of  Caesar,  contented  itself  with  sending 
orders  to  Plancus,  governor  of  Gallia  Ulterior — to  con- 
duct the  colonists  expelled  from  Vienna  to  found  a 
Roman  Colony  at  Lugdunum. 

Such  was  the  origin  of  Roman  Lyons,  between  which 
city  and  Vienna  a  lasting  feud  existed. 

The  importance  of  Vienna  to  Caesar  in  the  prosecu- 
tion of  his  Gallic  Wars  can  hardly  be  exaggerated.  In 
Caesar's  day  it  was  the  last  outpost  of  the  comparative 
civilization  of  the  Roman  Province  against  the  outer 
barbarism  of  Gallia  Comata  or  Gaul  beyond  the  Rhone. 
For  Lyons  (Lugdunum)  in  spite  of  its  convenient 
position  at  the  junction  of  the  Saone  and  the  Rhone, 
was  as  yet  a  place  of  no  importance  and  quite  ignored 
by  Julius  Caesar,  although  it  was  soon  to  become  under 
Augustus  the  Roman  capital  of  Gaul. 

In  order  to  render  Vienna  the  impregnable  frontier 
fortress  which  he  required,  Caesar  employed  on  strength- 
ening its  fortifications  the  bulk  of  the  prisoners  taken 
in  his  earliest  battles  in  Gaul.  Between  the  years 
B.C.  58 — 56,  forty  thousand  labourers  are  said  to  have 
been  engaged  on  this  work. 

Vienna  now  received  its  title  of  '  Colonia  Julia  Vien- 
nensis,'  and  became  the  first  '  Caput '  of  the  Roman 
roads  leading  over  the  Alps  into  Gallia  Transalpina. 

Planted  on  a  series  of  picturesque  heights  and 
terraces  commanding  a  great  bend  of  the  Rhone, 
Vienna    is    naturally   a    place   of    great   strength,    and 


To  face  p.   13-;] 


CHAP.   XIII.  135 

presents  a  most  striking  appearance  when  viewed  from 
the  river.  From  the  express  trains,  which  pass  by  the 
P.  L.  M.  Station  of  Vienne-en-Dauphine  (half  an  hour 
below  Lyons)  in  a  dark  cutting  or  darker  tunnel,  you  see 
nothing  that  is  striking  in  the  place,  as  you  rush  through. 
Vienne  is  however  well  worth  stopping  at  and  exploring, 
both  for  its  Roman  and  mediaeval  antiquities.  For  after 
it  had  lost  much  of  its  civil  importance  to  the  Romans 
by  the  transference  of  the  seat  of  the  government  of  the 
whole  of  Gaul  to  Lyons,  Vienna  soon  acquired  and  has 
retained  to  this  day  a  Metropolitan  character  in  ecclesi- 
astical jurisdiction. 

When  in  the  year  B.C.  52,  after  six  years'  fighting 
with  almost  uninterrupted  success,  it  seemed  that  the 
conquest  of  Gaul  had  been  practically  achieved,  Ver- 
cingetorix  succeeded  in  exciting  his  countrymen  to  a 
final  effort  to  escape  from  the  Roman  yoke  ;  he  saw  at  a 
glance  that  his  best  chance  was  to  strike  at  Provincia 
and  endeavour  to  cut  the  Romans  off  from  their  base. 
Vienna  naturally  became  the  first  object  of  his  attack. 

Vercingetorix,  at  the  same  time  that  he  despatched 
an  armed  force  against  the  Allobroges,  endeavoured  by 
means  of  secret  negotiations  to  win  them  over  by  per- 
suasion, trusting  to  find  sufficient  sparks  of  disaffection 
still  alive  amongst  them  to  fan  into  a  flame.  He  failed 
however  to  effect  an  entrance  into  their  territory  either 
by  force  or  negotiation. 

But  although  the  Arverne  chief  failed  in  his  operations 
against  the  capital  of  the  Allobroges,  he  succeeded  not- 
withstanding in  cutting  off  Caesar's  communications  and 
supplies  from  the  rest  of  Provincia  and  Italy'. 

Finding  himself  thus  isolated,  Caesar  showed  his  ex- 
traordinary resource  by  procuring  from  beyond  the  Rhine 
German  cavalry  and  light  infantry,  of  which  he  stood 
in  desperate  need  to  co-operate  with  his  heavy  legion- 
aries. It  is  to  be  noted  that  the  crowning  victory  over 
Vercingetorix  at  Alesia  was  largely  attributable  to  the 

1  De  Bella  Galluo,  vii.  65. 


136      PROVINCIA   IN    RELATION    TO  CAESAR'S  WARS. 

prowess  of  the  German  cavalry  brought  over  at  this 
crisis*. 

Lying  as  it  does  quite  outside  the  Hmits  of  this 
sketch,  I  am  unfortunately  debarred  from  attempting 
any  detailed  description  of  the  operations  around 
Alesia — the  most  interesting  episode  in  Caesar's  Gallic 
Wars. 

It  is,  however,  within  my  province  to  note  that, 
although  the  back  of  the  Gallic  revolt  was  broken  by 
the  surrender  of  Vercingetorix,  B.C.  52,  the  fighting  was 
continued  and  Caesar's  presence  required  in  Gaul  for 
about  two  years  longer. 

For  in  B.C.  51,  the  Roman  Province  incurred  the 
serious  danger  of  being  overrun  by  a  band  of  some 
2000  adventurers  and  jail-birds,  got  together  by  Drappes 
and  Lucterius.  This  disaster  was  however  averted  by 
the  skilful  operations  of  Caninius  the  legatus,  whom 
Caesar  detached  for  the  purpose.  The  siege  and  capture 
of  Uxellodunum,  the  chief  oppidum  of  the  Cadurci,  by 
cutting  off  its  water  supply — operations  conducted  by 
Julius  Caesar  in  person — put  an  end  to  the  fighting  in 
the  South  on  the  borders  of  the  Roman  Province.  For 
the  Aquitanians  surrendered  without  striking  a  blow. 

After  spending  a  few  days  at  Narbonne  dispensing 
justice  and  despatching  other  business  with  his  wonted 
expedition,  Caesar  hurried  back  to  Belgium,  spending 
his  last  winter  in  Gaul  at  Nemetocenna'^  (Arras). 

The  outbreak  of  the  Civil  War  B.C.  49  occurred  most 
opportunely  for  the  fortunes  of  Julius  Caesar.  For  it 
not  only  furnished  military  employment  for  the  Roman 
and  Italian  army,  with  which  he  had  subdued  Gaul,  and 
which  was  devoted  to  him  by  the  closest  ties,  but  also 
for  the  restless  spirits  amongst  the  Gauls  themselves, 
who  might  otherwise  have  broken  out  into  revolt  behind 
his  back. 

The  Legion  of  the  Alaudae  (larks),  which  was  en- 

1  De  Bella  Gallico,  Vll.  80.  "^  Ibid.  viil.  46. 


CHAP.   XIII.  137 

tirely  composed  of  natives  of  Gaul,  had  been  incorporated 
with  the  Roman  army^  as  early  as  B.C.  55,  being  equipped 
in  the  Roman  fashion.  It  was  especially  favoured  by 
Caesar,  and  having  rendered  him  the  greatest  services, 
was  admitted  bodily  to  Roman  citizenship  a  few  years 
later.  Caesar  now  proceeded  to  a  special  enlistment 
of  picked  men  from  all  the  different  states  of  Gaul', 
whom  he  had  drilled  under  his  own  superintendence  to 
be  in  readiness  to  follow  his  Roman  legions  across  the 
Pyrenees  for  the  encounter  with  Pompey's  lieutenants, 
Petreius  and  Afranius,  in  Spain,  which  he  foresaw  was 
imminent. 

But  the  episode  in  the  Civil  War,  which  especially 
concerns  the  Roman  Province,  of  which  Domitius 
Ahenobarbus  had  been  appointed  governor  by  the 
Senate  in  succession  to  Caesar,  is  unquestionably  the 
siege  of  Marseilles.  If  Marseilles  had  been  merely  an 
independent  Greek  city,  its  history  and  fate  would  be  of 
comparative  unimportance  to  the  subject  we  have  in 
hand.  It  is,  however,  necessary  to  bear  in  mind  that 
besides  being  a  city,  Massilia  was  an  independent  Greek 
state,  whose  territory  extended  as  far  as  Monaco  east- 
ward and  the  Pyrenees  westward — a  stretch  of  about 
300  miles  of  coast.  In  addition  to  this  it  included  all 
the  country  comprised  between  the  Rhone  and  the 
Cevennes  mountains.  The  occurrence  of  the  name 
Gretia  in  the  Section  of  the  Table  of  Peutinger  is  a 
proof  that  its  Greek  character  was  preserved  by  the 
country  between  the  Rhone  and  the  Durance  as  late  as 
the  age  of  Theodosius. 

That  a  part  of  this  inland  extension  of  territory  was 
a  recent  acquisition,  dating  from  Pompey's  re-conquest 
of  Provincia  about  20  years  earlier,  we  learn  incidentally 
from  the  statement  of  their  case  made  to  Caesar  by  the 
Massiliot  envoys  in  pleading  their  excuse  for  wishing 

'  Suetonius,  yulitis,  74. 

-  De  Bella  Civili,  i.  39.    "  Nominatim  ex  omnibus  civitatibus  nobilissimo 
et  fortissimo  quoque  evocato." 


138      PROVINCIA   IN    RELATION    TO   CAESAR'S   WARS. 

to  remain  neutral  in  the  Civil  War.  The  envoys 
observed,  that  as  they  understood  the  situation,  the 
Roman  people  was  split  up  into  two  factions,  the 
respective  leaders  of  which  were  Cnaeus  Pompeius  and 
Caius  Caesar, — both  patrons  of  their  commonwealth,  to 
the  former  of  whom  they  were  indebted  for  the  public 
concession  of  the  territories  of  the  Volcae  Arecomici  and 
Helvii,  and  to  the  latter  for  attributing  to  their  state  in- 
creased revenue  from  the  vanquished  "Salyes"  orSalluvii^ 
That  having  received  equal  benefits  from  both,  their 
proper  course  seemed  to  be  to  show  their  good  will  to 
both  by  remaining  neutral,  and  receiving  neither  of 
them  within  their  city  or  harbour. 

However,  while  the  negotiations  were  pending 
between  Caesar  and  the  Massiliot  envoys,  Domitius 
Ahenobarbus",  the  newly  appointed  governor  of  the 
Provincia  Narbonensis  (as  it  may  now  be  convenient 
to  call  it,  to  distinguish  it  from  the  rest  of  Gallia 
Transalpina)  suddenly  arrived  at  Marseilles,  with  a 
flotilla  of  seven  swift  cruisers  from  Cosa,  a  port  on  the 
Etrurian  coast,  and  Igilium,  an  island  lying  off  it. 

Notwithstanding  that  he  owed  his  life  and  liberty 
to  the  magnanimity  of  Caesar,  into  whose  hands  he 
had  been  lately  delivered  by  his  own  troops  at  Cor- 
finium,  Domitius  Ahenobarbus  did  not  hesitate  to  put 
himself  at  the  head  of  the  sea  and  land  forces  which 
the  Massiliots  had  got  together  to  support  the  cause  of 
Pompey. 

That  the  leanings  of  the  Massiliots  should  have  been 
to  the  side  of  Pompey  and  the  Senate  in  spite  of  their 
affectation  of  neutrality,  was  natural  enough.  For  their 
Republic  was  the  most  conservative  and  stable  known 
to  antiquity,  whereas  Caesar  was  the  incarnation  of  the 
Revolution.  In  him  Sylla  had  truly  remarked  there 
were  contained   many  Mariuses.     The  governing  body 

^  De  Bella  Civili,  I.  35.     "  Victos  Sallyas  "  is  the  emendation  of  the 
text  proposed  by  Glandorpius. 

-  Grandson  of  the  first  proconsul,  maker  of  the  Via  Domitia. 


CHAP.    XIII.  139 

of  the  Massiliots  was  a  council  of  600  life-senators,  who 
delegated  their  powers  to  a  Cabinet  of  15,  with  an  inner 
Cabinet  of  3,  of  whom  one  was  chosen  president.  It 
was  the  Cabinet  of  15  who  stated  their  case  for  neutrality 
to  Caesar. 

But  the  time  for  negotiation  was  now  passed,  and 
Caesar  took  his  measures  accordingly.  His  first  step 
was  to  bring  up  three  of  his  legions  for  the  purpose 
of  investing  Marseilles  by  land  ;  his  second  was  to  give 
orders  for  the  construction  of  a  dozen  ships  of  war  at 
Aries  to  co-operate  with  his  land  forces.  Within  30 
days  from  the  date  of  its  issue,  this  order  was  executed 
and  the  ships  duly  delivered.  It  would  appear  from  this 
fact  that  the  city  of  Aries,  with  its  ship-building  facilities, 
had  been  retained  in  Roman  hands  after  Pompey's  re- 
conquest  of  Provence,  when  it  became  a  centre  of  Roman 
roads. 

But  the  war  in  Spain  requiring  his  immediate  presence, 
Caesar  was  obliged  to  relinquish  for  the  present  the 
direction  of  the  operations  around  Marseilles,  and  to 
hurry  across  the  Pyrenees  to  join  the  main  body  of  his 
army  and  Gallic  auxiliaries  awaiting  him  in  the  basin 
of  the  Iberus  (Ebro). 

The  prosecution  of  the  siege  operations  by  land  was 
in  the  meanwhile  entrusted  to  Caius  Trebonius,  the 
legatus  left  behind  by  Caesar,  while  Decimus  Brutus  (or 
Decius  as  he  is  styled  by  Shakespeare),  was  to  take 
the  command  of  the  fleet. 


CHAPTER   XIV. 
Siege  and  Blockade  of  Marseilles. 

As  the  siege  of  Marseilles  is  the  only  military  operation 
in  the  history  of  the  Roman  province  connected  with 
the  name  of  Julius  Caesar,  and  as  he  has  himself  fur- 
nished a  minute  description  of  it,  this  chapter  will  be 
devoted  to  reproducing  its  main  features  drawn  directly 
from  the  text  of  the  De  Bello  Civili,  L.  II.  c.  i — 22. 

From  the  present  aspect  of  the  city,  which  stretches 
over  an  extensive  area,  covering  the  high  ground  on 
both  sides  of  the  old  harbour  as  well  as  reaching  inland 
up  and  beyond  the  hill  of  St  Charles — the  site  of  the 
modern  railway  station — it  is  hard  to  realize  that  the 
Massilia  of  the  Phocaeans  was  confined  to  a  peninsula 
between  the  old  harbour  and  a  creek  of  La  Joliette. 

Yet  the  description  of  it  in  the  first  chapter  of  the 
second  book  of  the  De  Bcllo  Civili  leaves  no  doubt  on 
the  point.  It  runs  thus.  "  For  Massilia  is  almost  en- 
tirely washed  by  the  sea  on  three  sides  ;  it  is  only 
approachable  by  land  on  its  fourth  side." 

A  glance  at  the  plan  opposite  this  page  will  make 
this  clearer  to  the  reader  on  paper,  but  it  is  less  easy  to 
trace  on  the  spot  the  line  of  ancient  wall,  which  was 
carried  across  the  neck  connecting  the  peninsula  with 
the  line  of  coast. 

In  the  Ora  Maritima  of  Festus  Avienus  v.  706 — 708, 
the  situation  of  Massilia  is  described  as  follows : 

"  Latera  gurges  adluit, 
Stagnum  ambit  urbem,  et  unda  lambit  oppidum 
Laremque  fusa :    civitas  paene  insula  est^ 

To  man  the  line  of  their  city  wall  and  at  the  same 


&^l;5 


a.  g 
2    H 


^  w 


n.'  ^ 


> 
z 

I 
> 

■  §  s 


si 

b3  S 


CHAP.   XIV.  141 

time  their  fleet,  the  Massiliots  called  in  their  former 
trusty  mercenaries,  the  Albici,  who  appear  to  have 
served  the  Greek  republic  in  peaceful  times  as  agricul- 
tural labourers,  and  to  have  been  always  ready  at  a 
moment's  notice  to  respond  to  a  call  to  arms. 

The  Albici,  whose  head-quarters  were  at  Reii  (Riez), 
still  a  considerable  city  lying  among  the  hills  between 
the  Verdon  and  the  Durance,  some  fifty  miles  to  the 
north  of  Marseilles,  were  a  brave  and  hardy  race,  which 
had  always  been  loyal  to  their  Greek  employers.  From 
their  readiness  to  take  up  arms  against  their  all-powerful 
neighbours,  the  Ligurian  Salyes,  in  defence  of  Marseilles, 
it  seems  most  probable  that  the  Albici  were  a  tribe  of 
friendly  Celts'  who  had  been  induced  to  cross  the 
Durance  to  take  service  under  the  Greek  republic. 

For  although,  as  I  stated  in  my  Introductory  Chapter, 
the  country  south  of  the  Durance  was  never  conquered 
by  Celts,  a  few  isolated  Celtic  tribes,  one  of  which  he 
calls  Commoni,  found  their  way  across  that  river  and 
are  mentioned  by  Pliny  as  settled  in  the  neighbourhood 
of  Marseilles. 

In  spite  of  the  representations  to  Caesar  of  the  desire 
of  the  republic  of  Marseilles  to  preserve  a  benevolent 
neutrality  at  the  outbreak  of  the  Civil  War,  it  soon 
became  clear  that  the  city  was  thoroughly  equipped  to 
stand  a  siege. 

Immense  supplies  of  war  material  of  every  kind  were 
found  to  have  been  accumulated  in  readiness  for  any 
emergency,  and  the  wall  and  towers  on  the  land  side 
were  provided  with  exceptionally  powerful  batteries  of 
'tormenta' — machines  for  discharging  heavy  missiles  of 
metal  or  stone. 

It  was  a  strange  turn  of  Fortune's  wheel,  that  the 
Romans,  to  whose  benevolent  intervention  Massilia  owed 
its   preservation   from    being   stormed    by  the    Salluvii, 

^  The  friendly  Celts,  who  are  mentioned  by  Livy  as  having  accompanied 
the  Roman  cavalry,  sent  f«  rtconnaissance  up  the  Rhone  Valley  at  the  time 
of  Hannibal's  invasion,  were  probably  .A-lbici. 


142  SIEGE   AND   BLOCKADE   OF   MARSEILLES. 

should   now  be  laying  siege  to  the  city  on   their  own 
account. 

It  was  a  work  of  months  to  throw  up  the  embank- 
ments required  to  provide  access  to  the  walls  over  the 
low  ground,  and  to  construct  many  kinds  of  complicated 
shelters  to  protect  the  besiegers  from  the  showers  of 
missiles  discharged  from  the  tormenta. 

While  these  siege-works,  on  which  gangs  of  native 
workmen  collected  from  all  parts  of  Provincia  were 
mainly  employed,  were  being  pushed  forward,  the  twelve 
war-ships  ordered  by  Caesar  duly  arrived  from  Aries. 
As  it  is  expressly  stated^  that  only  thirty  days  had 
elapsed  since  the  felling  of  the  trees  of  which  they  were 
constructed,  it  is  not  to  be  wondered  at  that  they  proved 
somewhat  unwieldy. 

Having  a  fleet  of  seventeen  war-ships  at  his  disposal, 
Domitius  Ahenobarbus  seems  to  have  considered  that 
they  would  be  advantageously  employed  in  a  trial  of 
strength  with  the  twelve  unseasoned  ships,  which  appear 
to  have  constituted  the  whole  of  Caesar's  fleet.  These 
twelve  ships  were  placed  under  the  command  of  Decimus 
Brutus,  who  drew  them  up  near  the  islands  lying  out- 
side the  old  harbour. 

Never  doubting  but  what  he  would  make  short  work 
of  them,  Domitius  bore  down  triumphantly  upon  his 
opponents.  For  in  addition  to  his  war-ships  he  was 
reinforced  by  a  number  of  smaller  craft. 

Having  an  insufficient  number  of  sailors  available, 
Caesar,  before  setting  out  to  join  his  army  in  Spain, 
had  called  on  the  three  legions  left  with  his  legate 
Trebonius  to  furnish  volunteers  to  serve  on  his  extem- 
porized fleet.  The  call  was  readily  responded  to  and 
the  ships  manned  by  the  pick  of  the  legionaries.  As  it 
happened,  the  very  unwieldiness  of  the  vessels  turned 
out  to  be  just  suited  to  the  unseamanlike  character  of 
the  crews.  For  from  the  heaviness  of  the  newly-felled 
timber,  the  vessels  built  at  Aries  proved  exceptionally 

^  De  Bell.  Civ.  I.  36. 


CHAP.    XIV.  143 

Steady,  and  served  as  solid  stages  for  fighting  a  land- 
battle  at  sea. 

Both  men  and  ships  being  alike  incapable  of  vying 
with  their  Massilian  opponents  in  naval  tactics,  Caesar's 
galleys  made  it  their  sole  aim  to  get  to  close  quarters  as 
quickly  as  possible.  Once  amongst  the  enemy's  ships, 
the  legionaries  threw  out  grappling-irons,  with  which 
they  held  them  fast,  sometimes  catching  two  at  a  time, 
till  they  had  boarded  aud  despatched  their  crews 
composed  chiefly  of  Albici.  After  sinking  three  and 
capturing  six  of  the  Massiliot  ships,  Decimus  Brutus 
returned  in  triumph  to  his  moorings,  while  Domitius 
retired  discomfited  with  only  seven  ships. 

Meanwhile  the  progress  of  the  siege  operations  was 
slow  on  the  land  side  owing  to  the  difficult  nature  of  the 
ground,  the  heavy  discharges  of  masses  of  rocks  from 
the  heights  on  the  heads  of  the  besiegers,  and  the  fre- 
quent sorties  of  the  Albici,  ever  ready  to  take  advantage 
of  the  confusion  and  havoc  occasioned  by  the  tormenta 
in  the  ranks  of  the  legionaries. 

Hearing  of  the  discomfiture  of  Domitius,  and  the 
loss  of  more  than  half  his  ships,  Pompey  lost  no  time  in 
despatching  his  admiral  L.  Nasidius,  then  commanding 
his  fleet  in  Sicilian  waters,  with  sixteen  ships  of  war  to 
the  relief  of  the  Massiliots. 

When  the  news  of  the  arrival  of  this  opportune  re- 
inforcement reached  the  ears  of  the  Massiliot  population, 
which  had  been  deeply  dejected  since  witnessing  the 
overthrow  of  their  hopes  at  sea,  their  spirits  immediately 
revived,  and  the  whole  city  was  eager  for  a  fresh  naval 
encounter. 

It  was  well  for  the  Massiliots  that  the  second  and 
more  decisive  sea-fight,  on  which  all  their  fresh  hopes 
were  staked,  was  destined  to  come  off  out  of  sight  of 
their  city.  For  instead  of  bringing  his  ships  close  up  to 
Marseilles,  Nasidius  halted  them  opposite  Tauroenta, 
some  20  miles  to  the  eastward  towards  Toulon.  He 
seems  to  have  shrunk  from  the  risk  of  exposing  himself 


144  SIEGE   AND   BLOCKADE   OF   MARSEILLES. 

to  the  risk  of  an  attack,  before  he  had  effected  his 
junction  with  Domitius.  For  with  the  six  war-ships 
captured  from  the  Massiliots  in  the  late  engagement, 
Decimus  Brutus  had  now  a  fleet  of  eighteen  vessels, 
more  fully  equipped  and  better  fitted  to  put  to  sea. 

Sending  forward  a  despatch  boat  to  announce  his 
arrival  at  Tauroenta,  Nasidius  summoned  Domitius  to 
join  him  there  with  the  ships  that  remained  to  him  and 
nine  fresh  ones,  which  the  Massiliots  had  equipped  to 
replace  those  captured. 

As  it  became  clear  that  the  combined  fleets  opposed 
to  him  would  decline  fighting  in  the  waters  within  sight 
of  the  city  and  in  touch  with  the  old  harbour,  which 
appears  throughout  to  have  been  in  his  possession, 
Decimus  Brutus  determined  to  accept  battle  at  Tauro- 
enta, where  Nasidius  offered  it. 

Described  as  a  'Castellum  Massiliensium"  Tauroenta 
is  a  spot  to  which  M.  Lentheric  has  devoted  fifty  some- 
what uncalled-for  pages  in  the  Riviera  Ancient  and 
Modern,  the  English  rendering  of  his  Provence  Maritime. 
As  by  his  own  showing  on  p.  122  'Etiam  periere  ruinae', 
I  do  not  feel  called  upon  to  add  anything  to  the  mention 
of  the  name,  which  only  serves  to  mark  the  point  on  the 
rocky  coast  of  Provence,  off  which  the  battle  was  fought, 
which  put  an  end  to  the  independence  of  the  Massiliot 
republic  B.C.  49. 

To  meet  Decimus  Brutus  approaching  from  the 
westward  with  his  eighteen  vessels,  the  Pompeian  fleet 
advanced  in  two  divisions,  the  seventeen  Massiliot  Greek 
ships  being  placed  inshore  on  the  right,  while  the  sixteen 
under  the  command  of  Nasidius  formed  the  left  wing 
towards  the  open  sea. 

Very  different  was  the  spirit  which  animated  them 
respectively,  the  Massiliots  feeling  that  all  depended  on 
the  issue  of  this  supreme  occasion,  on  which  they  were 
fighting  for  their  hearths  and  homes,  while  the  sailors 
of  Nasidius   were   supremely   indifferent.      Having   no 

^  Caesar,  De  Bell.  Civ.  ii.  4. 


CHAP.   XIV.  145 

material  interests  at  stake  and  without  a  spark  of 
patriotic  sentiment,  for  they  had  no  country  to  defend, 
the  Latin  contingent  of  Nasidius,  from  which  the  Mas- 
siliots  hoped  such  great  things,  proved  in  the  simple  but 
expressive  words  of  the  text  '  of  no  good  at  all '.  (Nasi- 
dianae  naves  nulli  usui  fuerant'.) 

As  a  matter  of  fact,  they  bolted  at  the  critical 
moment  of  the  battle,  their  crews  not  being  worked 
up  to  the  pitch  of  risking  their  lives  on  an  alien  ad- 
venture, without  any  encouragement  from  fellow  country- 
men on  the  spot. 

In  striking  contrast  to  the  unadorned  brevity  of  the 
text  of  Caesar's  Civil  War  is  the  account  of  the  sea-fight 
in  Lucan's  PJiarsalia,  Book  III.,  of  which  I  give  below  a 
specimen — Rowe's  well-known  version  : — 

Massilia's  navy,  nimble,  clean,  and  light, 

With  best  advantage,  seek  or  shun  the  fight; 

With  ready  ease,  all  answer  to  command, 

Obey  the  helm,  and  feel  the  pilot's  hand. 

Not  so  the  Romans ;   cumbrous  hulks  they  lay, 

And  slow  and  heavy  hung  upon  the  sea ; 

Yet  strong,  and  for  the  closer  combat  good. 

They  yield  firm  footing  on  th'  unstable  flood. 

Thus  Brutus  saw,  and  to  the  master  cries 

(The  master  in  the  lofty  poop  he  spies 

Where  streaming  the  Praetorian  ensign  flies), 

Still  wo't  thou  bear  away,  still  shift  thy  place. 

And  turn  the  battle  to  a  wanton  chase? 

Is  this  a  time  to  play  so  mean  a  part. 

To  tack,  to  veer,  and  boast  thy  trifling  art? 

Bring  to.     The  war  shall  hand  to  hand  be  tried. 

Oppose  thou  to  the  foe  our  ample  side 

And  let  us  meet  like  men,  the  chieftain  said ; 

The  ready  master  the  command  obeyed. 

And  sidelong  to  the  foe  the  ship  was  laid. 

Upon  his  waist  fierce  fall  the  thund'ring  Greeks, 

Fast  in  his  timber  stick  their  brazen  beaks ; 

Some  lie  by  chains  and  grappling  strong  compell'd, 

While  others  by  the  tangling  oars  are  held  ; 

The  seas  are  hid  beneath  the  closing  war, 

Nor  need  they  cast  the  jav'lin  now  from  far; 

»  De  Bell.  Civ.  ii.  7. 
H.  10 


146  SIEGE   AND   BLOCKADE   OF   MARSEILLES. 

With  hardy  strokes  the  combatants  engage, 
And  with  keen  faulchions  deal  their  deadly  rage ; 
Man  against  man,  and  board  by  board  they  lie, 
And  on  those  decks  their  arms  defended  die ; 
The  rolling  surge  is  stained  around  with  blood, 
And  foamy  purple  swells  the  rising  flood." 

In  spite  of  the  cowardly  withdrawal  of  the  ships  of 
Nasidius  at  the  critical  moment,  the  Massiliot  vessels  by 
no  means  lost  all  hope  of  victory,  but  continued  to  make 
a  good  fight  of  it  single-handed.  They  were  however  at 
last  obliged  to  acknowledge  their  defeat,  when  five  of 
their  vessels  were  sunk  and  four  captured. 

From  the  camp  of  Trebonius,  on  the  heights  opposite 
overlooking  the  city,  the  Roman  soldiers  while  the  sea- 
fight  was  in  progress  could  plainly  descry  crowds  of 
Massiliot  women  and  children  thronging  the  temples 
and  bowing  down  before  the  images  of  their  gods  in 
earnest  supplication.  As  soon  as  it  became  known 
that  their  fleet  had  been  beaten,  owing  to  the  flight  of 
Nasidius,  whose  arrival  had  only  a  few  days  before 
excited  such  wild  hopes  in  their  breasts,  a  great  wail 
of  grief  rent  the  air.  To  hear  it,  any  one  would  have 
supposed  that  the  city  itself  had  fallen  into  the  hands  of 
the  enemy. 

But  although  the  Massiliots  must  have  felt  that  the 
fate  of  their  city  was  sealed  now  that  the  Romans  were 
as  completely  masters  by  sea  as  by  land,  they  relaxed 
none  of  their  efforts  in  defending  their  walls,  against 
which  Trebonius  pushed  his  attack  with  renewed 
vigour. 

The  rocky  nature  of  the  soil  rendering  underground 
approaches  impossible  in  the  absence  of  explosives,  with 
the  use  of  which  the  Romans  were  unacquainted,  it 
was  necessary  to  construct  moveable  shedding  of  great 
strength  to  protect  the  advance  of  the  besiegers. 

Against  these  sheds,  as  they  were  seen  approaching 
the  walls,  the  besiegers  would  discharge  every  available 
missile  and  finally  roll  down  huge  masses  of  rock,  when 
they  got  nearer.     If  these  failed  to  smash  in  the  roofing, 


CHAP.   XIV.  147 

they  would  hurl  down  casks  filled  with  burning  pitch 
and  lighted  torches. 

An  inexhaustible  supply  of  such  material  having  been 
accumulated  at  Marseilles,  the  best  furnished  port  in 
the  western  basin  of  the  Mediterranean,  the  progress 
of  the  siege  was  slow,  no  shedding  composed  of  wooden 
framework  filled  in  with  such  inflammable  material  as 
osiers  and  hurdles  proving  fire-proof  At  length  how- 
ever after  weary  months  of  ineffectual  attempts,  the 
besiegers  contrived  to  construct  an  immensely  strong 
covered  approach,  5  ft.  high  by  4  ft.  broad,  the  stout 
wooden  framework  of  which  was  filled  in  with  clay  and 
bricks,  and  the  whole  cased  in  with  similar  incombustible 
material. 

Approaching  by  means  of  this  '  musculus '  (as  Caesar 
calls  it)  the  principal  tower  and  key  of  the  defences  in  the 
city  wall,  the  besiegers  succeeded  in  effectually  under- 
mining it  and  bringing  part  of  it  down  with  a  run, 
thereby  causing  a  formidable  breach. 

Upon  this,  the  besieged,  desisting  from  further  show 
of  resistance,  and  throwing  themselves  at  the  feet  of 
Trebonius,  obtained  from  him  the  concession  of  an 
armistice,  pending  the  arrival  of  Caesar,  whose  return 
from  the  successful  termination  of  the  Spanish  War  was 
shortly  expected. 

However,  as  Caesar's  arrival  was  unexpectedly  de- 
ferred, the  Massiliots  in  flagrant  violation  of  the  armistice 
and  hoping  to  find  the  Romans  napping  at  the  hour  of 
noon,  suddenly  sallied  forth  through  the  breach  in  the 
walls  and  attacked  them  unexpectedly.  Availing  them- 
selves of  a  strong  wind  (probably  the  Mistral,  with 
which  every  visitor  to  the  French  Riviera  is  only  too 
familiar),  the  Massiliots  treacherously  set  fire  to  every- 
thing inflammable  in  the  Roman  lines,  destroying  the 
bulk  of  their  siege  appliances. 

As  Caesar,  shortly  before  the  commission  of  this 
treacherous  outrage,  had  sent  an  express  injunction  to 
Trebonius,  that  he  was  on  no  account  to  sanction  the 

10 — 2 


148  SIEGE  AND  BLOCKADE  OF   MARSEILLES. 

storming  of  the  city,  the  Massiliots  escaped  the  condign 
punishment  which  they  richly  deserved  and  which  the 
Roman  legionaries  were  with  great  difficulty  withheld 
from  inflicting  upon  them  then  and  there. 

Retiring  within  the  walls  and  repairing  as  best  they 
could  the  breach  in  their  defences,  occasioned  by  the  fall 
of  the  tower,  the  Massiliots  prepared  for  further  resist- 
ance. 

The  Romans  meanwhile  on  their  side  zealously  set 
to  work  at  the  re-construction  of  their  siege  appliances, 
felling  for  this  purpose  all  the  timber  still  available  in 
the  neighbourhood. 

When  the  siege  had  been  prolonged  a  considerable 
time,  famine,  resulting  from  the  effectual  blockade,  which 
had  been  established  by  Decimus  Brutus  since  his  second 
naval  victory,  came  to  the  assistance  of  the  besiegers, 
bringing  all  kinds  of  disease  in  its  train.  From  this  it 
resulted  that  on  Caesar's  arrival,  the  Massiliots,  being 
unable  to  hold  out  any  longer,  and  trusting  to  his  well- 
known  clemency,  surrendered  their  city  to  him  uncon- 
ditionally. All  lives  were  spared,  Domitius  Aheno- 
barbus,  afraid  to  trust  himself  a  second  time  to  Caesar's 
generosity,  having  escaped  by  sea  a  few  days  previously 
to  the  surrender. 

The  terms  exacted  by  the  conqueror  were  the  sur- 
render of  all  arms  and  military  engines  ;  of  all  ships  and 
naval  stores  ;  of  the  whole  of  the  public  treasure,  and  the 
forfeiture  of  all  territory, 

A  garrison  consisting  of  two  Roman  legions  was 
quartered  upon  the  city.  From  henceforth  Marseilles 
ceased  to  exist  as  an  independent  republic.  She  was 
however  permitted  to  elect  her  civil  magistrates  and  to 
enjoy  the  privilege  to  local  self-government. 


CHAPTER   XV. 

Events  of  the  year  following  the  Assassina- 
tion OF  Julius  Caesar. 

The  last  public  act  of  Julius  Caesar  affecting  the  Roman 
Province  was  the  despatch  of  Tiberius  Claudius  Nero — 
the  first  husband  of  Livia,  and  father  of  Tiberius  and 
Drusus — with  fresh  batches  of  Roman  colonists,  mostly 
veteran  soldiers,  to  plant  new  or  re-inforce  existing  colo- 
nies in  Gaul.  Of  these  only  two,  Narbonne  and  Aries, 
are  mentioned  by  name,  but  the  context^  expressly 
implies  that  there  were  others  besides. 

That  Frejus  was  among  them  can  hardly  be  ques- 
tioned. For  on  that  '  claustrum  Galliae '  alone  was 
bestowed  the  distinction  of  being  called  after  the  con- 
queror Forum 'Julii.' 

From  having  been  at  the  outset  a  naval  and  military 
station  settled  amidst  a  native  population,  Forum  Julii 
was  now  raised  to  the  full  rank  of  a  Roman  Colony.  It 
is  first  mentioned  B.C.  43  (the  year  following  the  death 
of  Julius  Caesar)  in  the  correspondence  of  Cicero  with 
Munatius  Plancus,  Proconsul  of  Gallia  Comata. 

To  enable  the  reader  to  appreciate  the  importance  of 
the  events,  of  which  the  Roman  Province  was  now  to 
become  the  scene,  it  is  necessary  to  take  a  general  view 
of  the  political  situation  after  the  disappearance  of  Julius 
Caesar  from  the  midst  of  the  Roman  world. 

Notwithstanding  that  Caesar  was  Dictator  at  the 
time  of  his  assassination  (with  Marcus  Aemilius  Lepidus 

^  .Suetonius,  Tiberius,  c.  4. 


150  THE   YEAR   AFTER   CAESAR'S   DEATH. 

for  Master  of  his  Horse),  Marcus  Antonius  and  P.  Corne- 
lius Dolabella,  son-in-law  of  Cicero,  were  associated  with 
him  as  Consuls. 

The  dictatorship  having  fallen  to  the  ground,  the 
supreme  power  in  the  state  devolved  upon  the  Consuls, 
who  at  first  took  opposite  sides. 

While  Marc  Antony  stood  forth  as  the  champion  of 
Caesarism,  Dolabella,  under  the  influence  of  Cicero, 
maintained  the  cause  of  the  Senate,  which  was  that 
of  the  assassins  of  Caesar.  He  even  went  the  length  of 
removing  the  column  and  altar,  which  the  partisans  of 
Caesar  had  erected  in  the  Forum  in  his  honour,  and 
caused  those  of  the  intending  worshippers  on  whom  he 
could  lay  hands  either  to  be  hurled  from  the  Tarpeian 
rock  or  crucified.  Dolabella,  however,  was  shortly  after 
got  rid  of,  accepting  as  he  did  the  bribe  of  the  proconsul- 
ship  of  Syria,  proffered  him  by  Antony. 

Meanwhile  a  more  formidable  rival  to  the  champion- 
ship of  Caesarism  arrived  in  the  person  of  the  young 
Octavianus,  who  was  pursuing  his  studies  of  Greek  at 
Apollonia,  when  the  news  of  his  great-uncle's  death 
reached  him.  On  his  arrival  at  Rome,  he  presented 
himself  before  Antony,  claiming  to  be  recognised  as  the 
testamentary  heir  of  his  uncle  and  father  by  adoption. 

But  as  Antony  had  already  spent  in  bribery  the 
bulk  of  the  4000  talents  (about  i  million  sterling)  which 
Calpurnia,  the  widow  of  Julius  Caesar,  had  handed  over 
to  him,  as  Caesar's  relative  and  representative  (for 
Antony's  mother  was  a  Julia),  he  received  Octavianus 
with  such  coldness  as  to  drive  him  into  the  opposite 
camp. 

Welcomed  by  Cicero  and  the  party  of  the  Senate, 
Octavianus  proceeded  notwithstanding  to  summon  to 
his  standard  the  veteran  soldiers,  dispersed  all  over  Italy 
on  farms  granted  them  by  his  uncle. 

When  towards  the  end  of  the  year  B.C.  44,  Marc 
Antony,  before  the  expiration  of  his  consulship,  left 
Rome  for  Gallia  Cisalpina  with  the  object  of  expelling 


CHAP.    XV.  151 

from  the  governorship  of  that  Province  Decimus  Brutus, 
who  had  been  confirmed  in  his  appointment  originally- 
made  by  Caesar  himself,  Octavianus  put  himself  and 
his  veterans  at  the  disposal  of  the  Senate  to  lend  a 
hand  in  putting  down  Antony. 

Invested  with  the  rank  of  praetor,  and  acting  in 
concert  with  the  consuls  of  the  year,  Aulus  Hirtius  and 
Vibius  Pansa,  Octavianus  in  the  spring  of  B.C.  43  marched 
at  the  head  of  his  veterans  into  Gallia  Cisalpina,  where 
Marc  Antony  was  laying  siege  to  Mutina  (Modena), 
within  the  defences  of  which  ancient  fortress  Decimus 
Brutus  had  taken  refuge. 

Although  the  fighting  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
Mutina  resulted  in  the  total  defeat  of  Antony  and  the 
consequent  relief  of  Brutus,  both  consuls  by  some  un- 
fortunate fatality  lost  their  lives  in  the  operations.  As 
their  deaths  occurred  most  opportunely  for  Octavianus, 
who  was  known  to  have  coveted  the  consulship,  some 
suspicion  of  connivance  at  their  deaths  fell  upon  their 
youthful  associate.  When  Octavianus  subsequently  de- 
clined to  join  Decimus  Brutus  in  a  vigorous  pursuit  of 
Antony,  it  soon  became  evident  that  he  had  a  game 
of  his  own  to  play,  which  was  not  that  of  Cicero  and  the 
Senate. 

The  correspondence  of  Cicero'  with  the  three  generals 
commanding  in  the  three  Gallic  provinces  at  the  moment 
of  Antony's  defeat  enables  us  to  follow  step  by  step  the 
events  there  enacted,  which  led  directly  up  to  the  over- 
throw of  the  republic.  It  is  a  bit  of  history,  which  only 
the  light  of  local  colouring  can  bring  into  full  relief 

Of  the  three  generals  ostensibly  commanding  for  the 
Senate  in  the  Gauls,  Decimus  Brutus  in  Gallia  Cisalpina, 
Lucius  Munatius  Plancus  in  Gallia  Ulterior,  and  Aemilius 
Lepidus  in  Provincia  Narbonensis,  only  the  first  was  a 
genuine  republican.  The  other  two,  Plancus  and  Lepidus, 
were  political  trimmers,  without  any  fixed  principles, 
and  only  bent  on   finding  themselves  on   the  winning 

'  Epist.  ad  Fam.  x,  y.\,  passim. 


152      THE  YEAR  AFTER  CAESAR'S  DEATH. 

side.  Both  however  in  their  letters  made  strong  pro- 
fessions of  their  devotion  to  Cicero  and  the  republic. 
It  would  appear  that  Cicero  was  deceived  by  them  both, 
while  Decimus  Brutus,  who  distrusted  Lepidus  from  the 
beginning,  continued  to  believe  in  the  loyalty  of  Plancus 
to  the  last. 

Such  were  the  men,  on  whose  decision  the  future 
of  the  republic  depended  at  this  important  crisis. 

Octavianus  in  the  meanwhile  kept  in  the  back- 
ground, intriguing  all  round,  and  displaying  even  at 
that  age — he  was  not  yet  turned  20 — the  remarkable 
sagacity,  for  which  he  was  distinguished  during  his  whole 
career. 

The  first  letter  in  the  series,  which  sets  forth  the 
situation  after  the  defeat  and  flight  of  Antony  from 
Modena,  is  one  addressed  to  Cicero  by  Decimus  Brutus, 
from  the  camp  Dertona,  May  5,  B.C.  43. 

If  the  reader  will  take  the  trouble  to  glance  at  the 
Map  of  the  Riviera  at  the  beginning  of  the  volume,  he 
will  observe  that  Dertona  (Tortona)  whence  the  letter  is 
dated  is  situated  at  the  junction  of  two  Roman  roads — 
the  Via  Postumia  leading  to  Genoa,  and  the  Via  Aemilia 
Scauri  leading  to  Savona.  Having  two  days'  start  of 
Brutus,  Antony  had  just  passed  through  Dertona  on  his 
flight  from  Modena  through  Placentia  to  Vada  Sabata. 

"  I  want  you  to  know  where  that  place  is,"  writes 
Decimus  Brutus  to  Cicero ;  "It  lies  at  the  point  of 
junction  of  the  Alps  and  Apennines*  and  in  a  most 
difficult  line  of  country  to  march  through." 

When  in  B.C.  109,  Aemilius  Scaurus,  the  Censor, 
carried  the  Etrurian  coast-road  known  as  Via  Aurelia 
onwards  through  Pisae  and  Luna^  under  the  name 
called  from  himself '  Aemilia,'  he  made  Vada  Sabata  its 
terminus  on  the  coast,  though  he  continued  it  inland 
across  the  Apennines  to  Dertona. 

1  I  have  given  my  reasons  in  a  former  chapter  for  placing  the  junction 
of  the  Alps  and  Apennines  elsewhere. 
*  Strabo,  p.  ■217. 


CHAP.   XV.  153 

The  pass  over  the  Apennines  behind  Vada  (Savona) 
being  the  lowest  to  be  met  with  along  the  entire  Riviera, 
the  Romans  adopted  it  in  preference  to  that  by  way 
of  Genoa,  as  the  main  thoroughfare  of  their  communi- 
cations between  Gallia  Cisalpina  and  Liguria.  They 
established  a  Castra  Stativa  there,  which  remained  their 
headquarters  on  the  coast  till  the  time  of  Augustus. 

It  was  by  this  pass  and  this  road  that  Antony  had 
outstripped  his  pursuers  in  reaching  the  coast  at  Vada, 
where  he  was  joined  by  his  lieutenant  Ventidius  with 
the  seventh,  eighth  and  ninth  Legions,  and  by  his 
brother  Lucius  Antonius,  with  a  force  of  five  thousand 
cavalry,  which  had  escaped  with  its  entire  strength  from 
before  Modena. 

Dertona,  whence  the  letter  of  Decimus  Brutus  is 
dated,  is  described  by  Strabo  as  "  a  considerable  city 
{d^i6\o<yo<;),  lying  half-way  between  Genoa  and  Pla- 
centia."  The  Roman  city,  at  the  foot  of  which  the 
modern  Tortona  stretches  out,  was  built  on  heights, 
forming  spurs  of  the  Apennines  thrown  out  towards  the 
Po.  It  was  a  strategic  position  of  great  importance, 
being  the  first  of  a  succession  of  natural  fortresses, 
thrown  out  en  echelon  as  if  to  defend  the  approaches  to 
Placentia  from  the  west. 

Between  Vada  Sabata  and  Dertona  it  is  still  possible 
to  come  upon  some  traces  of  the  inland  prolongation  of 
the  Via  Aemilia  Scauri.  As  no  local  information  is  to 
be  got,  and  the  guide  books  are  absolutely  silent  on  the 
subject,  I  will  endeavour  to  supply  sufficient  data  to 
guide  the  steps  of  any  future  traveller  who  may  be 
tempted  to  explore  the  region. 

Driving  from  Savona '  through  its  western  suburb  to 
Vado,  where  the  tradition  of  the  Roman  camp  survives 
in  the  name  Quintana,  still  retained  by  one  of  its  streets, 
you  cross  the  plain  to  the  village  of  Ouiliano,  where 
at  the  foot  of  the  hills  the  carriage  road  ends,  and  a 

'  Savona,  where  fair  accommodation  is  afforded  at  the  Albergo  Srizzera, 
will  be  found  the  most  convenient  headquarters  for  exploring  the  region. 


154      THE  YEAR  AFTER  CAESAR'S  DEATH. 

rough  track  continues  up  the  valley  in  a  north-easterly- 
direction. 

Induced  by  a  preliminary  study  of  the  Itinerary  of 
Antonine  and  the  Table  of  Peutinger  to  strike  the 
Apennines  at  Quiliano,  I  was  encouraged  to  proceed  by 
the  easiness  of  the  ascent,  and  the  report  that  I  should 
shortly  come  upon  traces  of  three  bridges. 

In  less  than  an  hour,  I  had  encountered  the  first 
of  the  trio.  I  was  however  totally  unable  to  judge  of 
its  age  as  it  had  lately  received  a  thick  coating  of 
plaster.  Crossing  it,  I  mounted  the  zig-zags,  by  which 
the  track  is  carried  onwards  up  steep  and  grassy  slopes 
to  a  higher  level,  where  I  was  confronted  by  bridge  No.  2 
of  unmistakeably  Roman  construction.  Although  a 
mere  footpath  leads  up  to  either  end  of  the  bridge,  there 
is  a  9  ft.  wide  roadway  still  well  preserved  on  the  bridge 
itself.  I  have  no  doubt  that  this  determines  the  passage 
of  the  Via  Aemilia  Scauri. 

About  half-an-hour  further  up,  the  valley  divides  into 
two  branches,  the  left  hand  one  having  been  followed 
by  the  Roman  road,  as  is  proved  by  the  ruins  of  bridge 
No.  3,  the  massive  concrete  piers  and  arches  of  which 
have  alike  collapsed  and  block  up  the  narrow  bed  of  the 
stream. 

The  whole  distance  from  Quiliano  at  the  foot  of  the 
Pass  to  the  village  of  Cadibona  on  the  summit  may  be 
accomplished  in  less  than  three  hours,  giving  time  for 
examination  of  the  bridges.  As  Cadibona  is  on  the 
high  road  from  Savona,  a  carriage  may  be  sent  on 
to  await  the  traveller  there.  On  the  south  side  of  the 
Apennines  I  know  of  nothing  but  the  remains  of  these 
bridges  to  declare  the  former  passage  of  the  Via  Aemilia 
Scauri.  On  the  north  side  however,  between  the  modern 
Acqui  (Aquae  Statiellae)  and  Tortona,  I  followed  the 
road  itself  for  at  least  two  miles  continuously  in  the 
territory  of  the  Commune  of  Sezze. 

Under  the  name  of  '  Via  Levata '  (raised  road)  it 
crops  up  in  the  plain  between  the  rivers  Bormida  and 


o- 


0  O 

1  o 


{To  face  p.   154 


CHAP.   XV.  155 

Orba  and  is  carried  in  a  straight  line  through  the  crops. 
Although  its  crown  is  uniformly  9  ft.  wide  and  its  base 
a  foot  or  two  wider,  it  appears  to  be  entirely  disused 
and  leads  nowhere,  ending  abruptly  in  a  cornfield.  I 
could  however  distinctly  trace  the  line  of  its  onward 
course  through  the  standing  corn  up  to  the  bank  of  the 
River  Orba,  where  there  is  no  longer  a  bridge  to  carr}^ 
it  over. 

There  is  no  sign  of  pavement  left  anywhere  along 
the  road,  which  consists  of  loose  stones  and  gravel, 
resting  on  what  has  proved  a  practically  indestructible 
substratum  of  concrete. 

There  is  a  commodious  and  clean  Inn  at  the  village 
of  Sezze,  which  is  a  convenient  centre  for  visiting  the 
battlefield  of  Marengo,  as  well  as  exploring  what  remains 
of  the  Via  Aemilia  Scauri. 

The  '  Sindaco '  and  the  Schoolmaster  at  Sezze  are 
both  obliging  and  enlightened  guides  to  the  honours 
of  the  place,  and  will  readily  point  out  the  course  of  the 
'  Via  Levata '  through  the  communal  territory. 


CHAPTER   XVI. 

Meeting  of  Antony  and  Lepidus  on  the 
River  Argens. 

I  HAVE  explained  in  the  preceding  Chapter  that 
Vada  Sabata,  where  Marc  Antony  made  a  brief  halt 
in  the  permanent  camp,  was  at  that  time  the  termi- 
nal coast  station  and  inland  turning  point  of  the  Via 
Aemilia  Scauri.  It  was  his  last  chance  of  procuring 
supplies  from  a  Roman  base,  on  the  Italian  side  of  the 
Maritime  Alps,  which  had  never  yet  been  scaled  by  a 
Roman  army. 

But  no  ordinary  depot  could  have  nearly  sufficed  to 
meet  the  extraordinary  call  now  made  upon  it.  Not 
only  had  the  motley  and  disorderly  crowd  now  gathered 
around  Antony,  consisting  of  demoralized  legionaries, 
jail-birds  and  casuals  pressed  into  the  ranks  during  his 
flight  from  Modena  to  the  coast,  to  be  provided  for,  but 
the  three  fresh  legions  brought  in  by  Ventidius  and  the 
body  of  5,000  cavalry  by  L.  Antonius. 

If  Antony  could  have  reckoned  on  being  joined  by 
the  legions  which  Ventidius  Bassus  his  able  legate  had 
recruited  amongst  Caesar's  veterans  and  his  native 
Picenates  and  brought  unexpectedly  from  the  shores 
of  the  Adriatic  into  Liguria,  he  would  have  been  less 
eager  to  fill  up  the  ranks  of  his  own  legions  with  such 
worthless  material.  At  Vada  Antony  found  himself 
once  more  at  the  head  of  a  considerable  force,  but  not 
of  strength  sufficient  to  turn  round  and  face  Decimus 
Brutus,  who  had  arrived  at  Acqui  with  7  legions  in 
pursuit  of  him. 


CHAP.   XVI.  157 

There  was  nothing  for  it  then  but  to  continue  his 
flight  into  Gallia  Narbonensis,  across  the  Maritime 
Alps  and  the  hardly  less  formidable  Esterel  mountains 
lying  between  the  Alps  and  Forum  Julii, 

If  he  could  but  once  reach  the  Roman  Province, 
Antony  fully  reckoned  on  bringing  over  to  his  side  his 
old  associate  Lepidus. 

But  to  attempt  to  carry  an  unprovided  force  of 
20,000  infantry  and  5,000  cavalry  for  about  100  miles 
first  along  an  arid  strip  of  coast,  presenting  a  succession 
of  precipitous  headlands,  and  then  over  a  double  range 
of  mountains  destitute  of  food  or  water-supply,  was  a 
task  which  only  a  general  in  desperate  circumstances 
would  have  undertaken. 

Both  Pompey  and  Caesar,  when  it  became  necessary 
to  march  armies  into  Gaul  over  the  Alps,  deliberately 
avoided  the  coast-road. 

How  Antony  and  his  followers  paid  desperately  for 
their  temerity  we  read  in  Plutarch's  life  ^  of  him  : — 

"  Antony,  in  his  flight,  was  overtaken  by  distresses  of 
every  kind,  and  the  worst  of  all  of  them  was  famine. 
But  it  was  his  character  in  calamities  to  be  better  than 
at  any  other  time.  Antony,  in  misfortune,  was  most 
nearly  a  virtuous  man.  It  is  common  enough  for 
people,  when  they  fall  into  great  disasters,  to  discern 
what  is  right,  and  what  they  ought  to  do  ;  but  there  are 
but  few  who  in  such  extremities  have  the  strength  to 
obey  their  judgment,  either  in  doing  what  it  approves 
or  avoiding  what  it  condemns  ;  and  a  good  many  are 
so  weak  as  to  give  way  to  their  habits  all  the  more, 
and  are  incapable  of  using  their  minds.  Antony,  on 
this  occasion,  was  a  most  wonderful  example  to  his 
soldiers.  He,  who  had  just  quitted  so  much  luxury 
and  sumptuous  living,  made  no  difficulty  now  of  drink- 
ing foul  water  and  feeding  on  wild  fruits  and  roots. 
Nay,  it  is  related  they  ate  the  very  bark  of  trees,  and, 

^  The  extract  is  from  Clough's  Edition  (Nimmo,  1893). 


158  MEETING   OF   ANTONY   AND   LEPIDUS. 

in  passing  over  the  Alps,  lived  upon  creatures  that  no 
one  before  had  ever  been  willing  to  touch." 

That  any  of  the  troops  which  followed  Antony  and 
his  legate  Ventidius  Bassus  along  the  Riviera  and  across 
the  Alps  should  have  survived  the  terrible  ordeal,  is 
harder  to  understand  than  that  many  of  them  perished 
in  the  attempt.  For  of  those  who  safely  achieved  the 
passage  of  the  Alps  many  must  have  succumbed,  ex- 
hausted in  the  deep  gorges  of  the  Esterel,  choked  as 
they  are  with  the  impenetrable  thicket  for  which  that 
range  has  always  been  remarkable.  To  what  extent 
the  passage  of  the  Esterel  may  have  been  facilitated 
by  the  existence  of  the  road,  which  the  Massiliots  were 
under  obligation  to  construct  along  the  shore,  we  have 
no  means  of  judging. 

That  no  classical  writer  should  as  much  as  even 
mention  the  name  of  the  Esterel  may  be  taken  as  a 
proof 'that  as  a  rule  the  Romans  gave  it  a  wide  berth. 
The  name  Esterel  is  said  to  be  derived  from  "Sueltri" — 
a  Ligurian  tribe  marked  in  the  Table  of  Peutinger 
above  Forum  Julii.  As  I  have  reminded  the  reader 
more  than  once,  Roman  armies  were  in  the  habit  of 
reaching  Forum  Julii  by  sea.  But  Antony  was  entirely 
without  ships  to  carry  him  even  from  Monaco,  where 
Roman  armies  sometimes  embarked  for  Gaul  and 
Spain,  after  marching  so  far,  as  we  know  that  the 
unfortunate  Consul  C.  Hostilius  Mancinus  did^ 

The  starving  and  draggled  condition  of  Antony  and 
his  followers,  as  they  emerged  into  the  open  from  the 
tangled  thickets  of  the  Esterel  and  presented  themselves 
like  so  many  scarecrows  at  the  gates  of  Forum  Julii,  can 
be  more  readily  imagined  than  described. 

The  date  of  Antony's  arrival  at  Forum  Julii  is  fixed 
by  a  letter  from  L.  Munatius  Plancus  to  Cicero  written 
in  the  latter  half  of  May  B.C.  43,  from  the  neighbourhood 
of  Grenoble : — 

"  Antony  with  the  first  division  of  his  army  reached 

1  Val.  Max.  I.  6,  7. 


To  face  p.   159] 


CHAP.    XVI.  159 

Forum  Julii  on  May  15.  Ventidius  is  within  2  days' 
march  of  him.  Lepidus  is  encamped  at  Forum  Voconii, 
a  place  which  is  24  miles  from  Forum  Julii\" 

A  letter  from  Lepidus  himself  to  Cicero,  dated  : — 

In  camp  at  the  Bridge  of  the  Argens  May  22,  B.C.  43. 

(In  castris  ad  Pontem  Argenteum  XI.  Kal.  Jun. — 
A.V.C.  711)  M.  Lepidus  Imp.  Iter.  Pont.  Max.  S.  D. 
M.  Tullio  Ciceroni ^ 

"  As  soon  as  I  heard  that  Antony,  having  sent  ahead 
his  brother  Lucius  with  part  of  his  cavalry,  was  making 
for  my  province  with  his  army,  I  broke  up  my  camp  at 
the  confluence  of  the  Rhone  and  Durance  and  advanced 
to  meet  him.  Marching  without  intermission,  I  came 
to  Forum  Voconii,  and  pitched  my  camp  beyond  on 
the  banks  of  the  Argens,  opposite  that  of  Antony. 
Ventidius  has  joined  him  with  3  legions... He  has  a 
large  force  of  cavalry,  which  is  intact,  not  having  been 
engaged.  It  is  at  least  5,000  strong.  As  far  as  this 
war  is  concerned,  I  shall  not  be  found  wanting  either  to 
the  Senate,  or  the  Republic." 

A  fortnight's  rest  in  the  fertile  plain  of  Frejus 
worked  a  marvellous  change  in  the  appearance  and 
condition  of  the  troops,  the  cavalry  finding  abundance 
of  the  forage  for  which  the  place  is  still  noted.  With 
ranks  replenished  and  fitted  out  afresh  the  army  of 
Antony  and  Ventidius  proceeded  to  march  up  the 
valley  of  the  Argens  to  its  meeting  with  Lepidus.  It 
is  hardly  too  much  to  say,  that  on  the  result  of  that 
meeting  depended  the  fate  of  the  Roman  Republic. 

Although  Plutarch  represents  Antony  as  approach- 
ing Lepidus  in  the  garb  of  a  suppliant,  with  long  and 
disordered  hair  and  beard  unshaved  since  his  defeat,  it 
seems  highly  improbable  that  so  haughty  a  character 
as  Antony  would  have  condescended  to  adopt  such  an 

'  Cicero,  Ad  Fam.  x.  17. 

■•^  Cicero,  Ad  Fam.  X.  34.  The  bridge  over  the  Argens  is  within  one 
mile  of  the  station  Les  Arcs,  where  all  the  expresses  stop  between  Toulon 
and  Cannes. 


l60  MEETING   OF   ANTONY   AND   LEPIDUS. 

attitude  in  the  presence  of  one  so  immeasurably  his 
inferior  as  Lepidus.  It  appears  indeed  morally  certain 
that  from  the  first  there  was  a  complete  understanding 
in  both  armies  that  there  was  to  be  no  fighting.  For 
even  supposing  that  Lepidus  had  attempted  to  redeem 
the  pledge  he  had  given  to  Cicero  that  he  would  stand 
by  the  Senate  and  the  Republic,  it  is  almost  certain  that 
he  could  not  have  carried  his  army  with  him. 

For  the  feeling  in  favour  of  Caesarism  was  almost  as 
universal  in  the  Roman  army  at  this  period  as  it  was  in 
the  French  army,  when  Napoleon  appealed  to  it  on  his 
escape  from  Elba  in  1815.  Perhaps  the  only  convinced 
republican  in  the  camp  of  Lepidus  was  the  Senator 
Laterensis,  who  was  the  accredited  representative  of  the 
Senate  and  who  took  his  own  life  at  the  Pons  Argenteus 
rather  than  survive  what  he  considered  an  act  of  base 
treachery.  His  was  indeed  the  only  drop  of  blood  which 
tinged  the  limpid  waters  of  the  Argens. 

Meanwhile  L.  Munatius  Plancus,  who  had  been 
hovering  with  his  army  among  the  spurs  of  the  Basses 
Alps  and  had  approached  within  two  days'  march  of 
Forum  Voconii  (or  Vocontii  as  it  is  sometimes  written), 
on  hearing  of  the  understanding  between  Antony  and 
Lepidus  thought  it  prudent  to  return  to  Grenoble  to 
await  the  further  turn  of  events.  For  it  was  clear  that  un- 
til Octavianus  had  definitely  declared  himself,  it  would  be 
risky  to  take  a  side.  He  had  besides  to  reckon  with  the 
determined  attitude  of  Decimus  Brutus,  who  lay  with  his 
army  of  seven  legions  at  Eporedia  (Ivree)  at  the  foot  of 
the  Little  St  Bernard,  ready  at  any  moment  to  cross  the 
Alps  and  hold  him  true  to  his  pledge  to  the  Republic. 

It  was  not  long  however  before  it  became  clear  to 
Munatius  Plancus  that  it  would  be  agreeable  to  Octavi- 
anus that  he  should  abandon  Cicero  and  the  senatorial 
party,  and  throw  in  his  lot  definitely  with  that  of  Antony 
and  Lepidus.    He  accordingly  joined  his  forces  to  theirs. 

For  in  the  month  of  August,  B.C.  43,  Octavianus, 
having  got  himself  elected  Consul  with  Quintus  Pedius, 


CHAP.  XVI.  i6r 

for  his  colleague,  succeeded  in  passing  a  law  styled  '  Lex 
Pedia,'  which  declared  all  the  murderers  of  his  uncle 
Julius  Caesar  to  be  outlaws. 

Amongst  these  was  Decimus  Brutus,  whose  position 
in  Gallia  Cisalpina  now  became  desperate.  For  the 
combined  armies  of  Antony  Lepidus  and  Plancus 
threatened  to  bear  down  upon  him  from  Gaul  beyond 
the  Alps,  while  Octavianus,  who  was  commissioned  to 
put  the  '  Lex  Pedia '  into  execution,  was  marching 
towards  the  Po  valley  from  the  South. 

Worse  than  all,  he  could  no  longer  rely  on  the  loyalty 
of  the  majority  of  his  legions.  There  was  nothing  then 
left  for  Decimus  Brutus  but  to  make  an  attempt  to  join 
his  fellow  outlaw  Marcus  Brutus  in  Macedonia.  He  was 
however  waylaid  at  Aquileia  at  the  foot  of  the  Julian 
Alps,  and  put  to  death  by  order  of  Antony. 

Meanwhile,  the  decrees  which  had  been  passed  by 
the  Senate  acting  under  the  influence  of  Cicero  earlier 
in  the  year  declaring  Antony  and  Lepidus  enemies  of 
their  country  had  been  duly  repealed  before  Octavianus 
effected  his  junction  with  them  at  Bononia. 

It  was  on  an  island  in  the  river  now  called  the 
Reno,  which  flows  into  the  Po  beyond  Bologna,  that 
the  meeting  took  place,  which  resulted  in  the  appoint- 
ment of  C.  Caesar  (Octavianus),  M.  Antonius,  and  M. 
Lepidus  as  a  Triumvirate  for  regulating  the  affairs  of 
the  Republic  for  a  period  of  five  years  (Reipublicae 
constituendae  per  quinquennium). 

It  is  notorious  that  the  first  act  of  this  body  was  to 
agree  upon  a  list  of  victims,  each  of  the  Triumvirs  besides 
handing  over  their  respective  enemies  to  the  executioner 
obliging  their  colleagues  by  the  sacrifice  of  some  personal 
friend  or  relative. 

Cicero,  who  had  been  the  mouth-piece  of  the  Senate 
and  by  the  recent  delivery  of  his  Philippics  had  rendered 
himself  especially  obnoxious  to  the  vindictiveness  of 
Antony,  was  amongst  the  first  to  pay  the  death  penalty. 

The  head  of  the  illustrious  orator  and  his  right  hand 
II.  1 1 


l62  MEETING   OF   ANTONY   AND   LEPIDUS. 

were  severed  from  his  body  by  orders  of  Antony,  and 
affixed  to  the  Rostra,  the  scene  of  so  many  of  his  former 
triumphs.  It  is  related  that  Fulvia  the  wife  of  Antony 
ran  a  gold  pin  through  the  dead  orator's  tongue. 

In  the  apportionment  of  their  respective  spheres  of 
government  amongst  the  Triumvirs,  Gaul  was  assigned 
to  Antony,  as  one  of  his  provinces.  He  does  not  how- 
ever appear  to  have  ever  resided  there,  preferring  the 
charms  of  Cleopatra  and  the  luxuries  of  an  Oriental 
life. 

It  was  reserved  for  Augustus,  after  the  defeat  of  his 
rival  at  the  battle  off  Actium  B.C.  31,  to  organize  finally 
the  administration  of  the  Gallic  provinces. 

While  Lyons  (Lugdunum)  became  the  Roman  capital 
of  Gallia  Comata,  the  Provincia  Narbonensis  was  ad- 
ministered separately  from  the  rest  of  Gaul,  at  first  by 
Augustus  and  afterwards  by  the  Senate. 

It  was  never  Gallic  at  heart,  the  Provincials  having 
shown  more  sympathy  with  the  rebellion  of  Sertorius  in 
Iberia  than  with  that  of  Vercingetorix  in  Gaul.  It  was 
at  Lugdunum  that  the  representatives  of  the  6o'civitates' 
of  Gallia  Comata  met,  under  the  presidency  of  an  elected 
High  Priest,  to  worship  at  the  famous  altar  of  Augustus 
and  Rome,  which  competed  successfully  with  Druidism. 

The  colossal  monument  erected  in  honour  of  Augustus 
at  Turbia  commemorates  his  final  victory  over  the 
Alpine  tribes  (B.C.  12),  and  the  opening  up  of  a  safe 
road  to  traders  over  the  Maritime  Alps,  which,  as  so 
recently  conquered,  were  placed  under  the  orders  of  a 
Prefect,  directly  appointed  by  the  Emperor. 


CHAPTER   XVII. 

Via  Aurelia. 

Section  i :  Aurelia  proper.     Section  2  :  Aemilia  Scauri. 

"  Via  Aurelia.  A  Roma  per  Tusciam  et  Alpes 
Maritimas  Arelatum  usque  M.  P.'  DCCXCVII." 

Such  is  the  title  of  the  Road  following  for  the  most 
part  the  shore  of  the  Mediterranean,  from  Rome  to 
Aries,  which  is  found  in  the  Itinerary  of  Antonine — the 
sole  official  document  known  to  us  which  contains  a 
complete  list  of  the  names  of  the  main  roads  of  the 
Roman  Empire. 

While  the  Itinerary  of  Antonine  is  in  the  shape  of  a 
small  volume  giving  the  names  of  the  roads,  and  of  the 
Post  Stations,  with  the  distances  between  each,  the 
Table  of  Peutinger  takes  the  form  of  a  map,  dispro- 
portionately compressed  from  North  to  South,  and 
elongated  from  East  to  West  to  suit  the  greater  ex- 
tension of  the  Roman  Empire  in  that  direction.  The 
specimen  of  one  of  the  twelve  sections  of  the  Table  of 
Peutinger  shown  at  the  end  of  the  volume  will  give  the 
reader  an  idea  of  its  quaint  archaic  character. 

I  do  not  propose  here  to  go  at  any  length  into  the 
question  of  the  origin  and  authenticity  of  the  two  above- 
named  documents,  which,  together  with  the  mile-stones 
which  remain,  constitute  the  main  source  of  our  infor- 
mation on  the  subject  of  Roman  Roads.     I  shall  confine 

'  The  Roman  mile  was  about  loo  yards  shorter  than  the  English, 
measuring  1666  yards.  It  consisted  of  1000  paces — the  Roman  "passus" 
being  5  ft.,  i.e.  the  space  from  the  raising  up  to  the  setting  down  of  the 
right  foot. 

II — 2 


164  VIA  AURELIA. 

myself  to  giving  the  general  conclusions  arrived  at, 
namely  that  both  documents  are  of  a  post-Constantine 
age,  probably  executed  during  the  reign  of  Theodosius 
the  Great,  though  based  upon  fragments  of  earlier  geo- 
graphical attempts  to  depict  the  Roman  world. 

The  existence  of  the  name  Constantinopolis  and 
some  others  having  Christian  associations,  found  in  both 
documents,  may  be  accepted  as  sufficient  proof  that  they 
were  at  all  events  corrected  up  to  a  date,  when  the 
Roman  world  had  become  Christian. 

While  the  originals  of  the  Itinerary  of  Antonine  and 
the  Table  of  Peutinger  are  entirely  lost,  they  are  only 
known  to  us  in  careless  and  corrupt  copies  of  a  com- 
paratively late  age.  Although  these  copies  corroborate 
each  other  in  the  main,  marked  discrepancies  are  often 
found  in  the  distances  given  by  the  two  documents 
between  the  same  Stations  on  the  same  roads. 

While  the  Itinerary  of  Antonine  limits  itself  to  an 
enumeration  of  the  main  roads,  the  Table  of  Peutinger 
gives  besides  branches  and  short  cuts  (compendia)  not 
to  be  found  in  the  former  document.  And  this  especially 
applies  to  the  case  of  the  Via  Aurelia,  the  course  of 
which  as  given  in  both  documents  I  now  propose  to 
consider  in  some  detail.  Having  devoted  portions  of 
ten  or  more  winters  to  the  exploration  of  the  road  itself, 
wherever  it  can  still  be  traced  between  Vada  Volaterrana 
and  Aries — a  distance  of  about  400  miles — and  having 
besides  carefully  collected  whatever  rays  of  light  can  be 
thrown  upon  the  subject  by  classical  and  modern  writers, 
I  hope  I  shall  not  exhaust  the  patience  of  my  readers 
by  dwelling  on  it  here  at  some  length. 

For  the  Via  Aurelia  will  be  found  to  form  a  conve- 
nient and  interesting  thread  for  the  traveller  to  follow 
up  for  the  whole  length  of  his  journey  from  Aries  to 
Rome  or  vice  versa.  In  its  Roman  and  international 
character,  the  Via  Aurelia  recognizes  no  frontiers,  and 
connects  the  French  and  Italian  Rivieras  by  an  indis- 
soluble bond. 


CHAP.   XVII.  165 

Numerous  as  are  the  treatises  dealing  with  the  various 
sections  of  the  Via  AureHa,  there  is  not  a  single  one  in 
any  language,  which  treats  of  it  at  all  adequately  as  a 
whole.  Even  Mommsen  has  dealt  with  it  in  a  fragmen- 
tary way.  For  although  everything  that  is  known  about 
it  is  to  be  found  in  his  monumental  work,  the  Corpus 
Inscriptioniun  Latinartim,  the  references  to  the  Via 
Aurelia  are  scattered  over  three  separate  volumes  of 
about  1000  pages  each,  and  sometimes  occur  under  most 
unexpected  headings,  such  for  instance  as  Clastidium, 
Vol.  V.  Part  2,  p.  828.  To  unearth  them  and  piece  them 
together  is  no  light  task. 

In  his  Provence  Maritime  and  its  English  transla- 
tion The  Riviera^  Ancient  and  Modern^  the  pages  of  M. 
Lentheric  abound  in  references  to  the  section  of  the  Via 
Aurelia  which  lies  through  French  territory,  while  its 
onward  course  along  the  Italian  Riviera  is  almost  en- 
tirely ignored.  But,  even  within  that  limited  area,  where 
at  all  events  he  ought  to  be  at  home,  M.  Lentheric  has 
fallen  into  the  unaccountable  error  of  attributing  the 
authorship  of  this  section  to  an  Aurelius  Cotta,  who  was 
consul  B.C.  II 9^  For  the  name  of  the  Via  Aurelia  is 
unquestionably  derived  from  a  much  earlier  Aurelius — 
in  all  probability  the  Aurelius  Cotta,  who  was  censor 
B.C.  241.  There  is  however  unfortunately  no  classical 
text  to  cite  as  positive  proof  of  this  fact,  which  has  been 
accepted  since  the  time  of  Bergier,  whose  great  work, 
Les  grands  CJieniins  de  V Empire  Romain,  was  published 
nearly  three  centuries  ago. 

Passing  out  of  Rome  through  the  Porta  Aurelia,  the 
original  section  of  the  Via  Aurelia  was  carried  through 
Forum  Aurelii,  as  far  as  Vada  Volaterrana  on  the  Etru- 
rian coast — the  port  of  the  famous  fortress  Volaterrae, 
which  itself  crowns  a  lofty  ridge,  at  least  20  miles  inland. 

The  explanation  of  the  Roman  road  being  called 
Aurelia  in  Provence  is  to  be  found  in  the  fact  that  the 
name  AureHa,  under  which  the  coast  road  started  from 

1  Riviera,  Ancient  and  Modem,  p.  12. 


1 66  VIA  AURELIA. 

Rome  and  which  was  confined  originally  to  its  first 
section,  was  subsequently  transferred  to  the  whole  length 
of  the  road  from  Rome  to  Aries.  In  our  own  day  on 
the  same  principle  main  lines  of  railway  swallow  up  the 
subsidiary  names,  under  which  their  successive  sections 
were  known  at  first. 

It  was  then  a  quite  gratuitous  mistake  on  the  part  of 
M.  Lentheric  to  press  into  his  service  a  later  Aurelius, 
who  had  nothing  whatever  to  do  with  Provence  or  road- 
making.  The  first  road-maker  there,  as  I  have  explained 
above,  was  Domitius  Ahenobarbus,  and  the  original 
name  of  the  Provengal  section  of  the  Via  Aurelia  was 
"  Via  Domitia." 

Hirschfeld,  however,  the  author  of  Vol.  XII.  of  the 
Corpus  Inscriptiomnn  Latinariim,  which  deals  with  Gallia 
Narbonensis,  declines  to  apply  the  name  "  Aurelia "  to 
the  section  in  question  at  any  period  of  its  existence,  in 
spite  of  the  fact  that  the  Provencal  name  "  lou  camin 
Ourelian  "  has  been  applied  to  it  by  the  peasantry  from 
time  immemorial \  I  venture  however  to  differ  from 
that  ver>'  high  authority.  For,  in  my  judgment  formed 
after  much  intercourse  with  the  natives  in  all  parts  of 
Provence,  the  Roman  roads  which  connect  Frejus  with 
Aix  by  a  single  line,  and  Aix  with  Aries,  by  two 
branches,  forming  a  loop  passing  through  Marseilles  and 
Salon  respectively,  are  both  entitled  to  the  use  of  the 
name  "  Aurelia."  I  base  my  opinion  on  long  established 
usage,  corroborated  by  the  mention  of  the  name  in  the 
Itinerary  of  Antonine. 

Although  the  two  quarto  volumes  of  Nicholas  Bergier 
of  Rheims  are  full  of  erudition  conveyed  in  a  delightful 
form  on  the  construction  and  administration  of  Roman 
roads  in  general,  they  unfortunately  contain  little  direct 
information  about  any  particular  road.  All  that  we  get 
from  Bergier  in  addition  to  the  statement  that  Aurelius 
Cotta  (censor  B.C.  241)  "donna  son  nom  et  son  com- 
mencement "  to  the  Via  Aurelia  is  the  quaint  but  not 

1  C.  /.  Z.,  Vol.  XII.  p.  634. 


CHAP.   XVII.  167 

very  instructive  observation  "  Ce  n'est  pas  toutefois, 
qu'Aurelius,  qui  lui  a  donne  son  commencement,  I'ait 
conduite  jusqu'a  Aries.  II  a  este  continue  par  plusieurs 
d'autres  jusqu'a  dedans  la  Gaule  Narbonnaise  sans perdre 
son  tioin." 

So  far  from  it  being  a  fact  that  the  coast  road  was 
carried  onwards  to  Aries  without  ever  losing  its  original 
name  "Aurelia,"  we  have  the  well  known  and  undisputed 
text  of  Strabo^  to  prove  that  on  its  first  continuation 
through  Pisae  into  Liguria  the  road  was  called  "  Aemilia," 
after  Aemilius  Scaurus,  the  author  of  its  prolongation  to 
Vada  Sabata*. 

That  Strabo  should  have  omitted  to  mention  the 
name  of  the  exact  point,  whence  Aemilius  Scaurus 
carried  his  road  forward,  is  most  unfortunate.  We  have 
however  the  authority  of  Mommsen  for  fixing  it  at 
Volaterrae,  by  which  he  means  of  course  Vada  Vola- 
terrana.  For  it  is  impossible  to  believe  that  the  coast 
road  would  have  been  carried  up  hill  20  miles  out  of  its 
way.  In  Vol.  V.  part  i,  of  the  Corpus  Inscriptiomivi 
LatinaTUvi,  we  read  at  p.  885  :  "a  Volaterris,  ubi  finem 
Aureliae  caputque  Aemiliae  fuisse  crediderim." 

A  Roman  milestone,  which  I  saw  myself  in  the 
present  year  (1898)  in  the  Campo  Santo  at  Pisa,  bears 
in  clearly  cut  letters  of  the  best  period  the  name 

VIA    AEMILIA 

A  Roma  M.  P.  CLXXXVIII. 
proving  that  the  coast  road,  at  a  date  not  specified  on 
it,  bore  the  name  Aemilia  at  the  distance  of  188  miles 
from  Rome.  As  Vada  Volaterrana  is  about  175  miles 
from  Rome  the  coast  road  may  have  borne  the  name 
"  Aurelia  "  up  to  that  point,  becoming  Aemilia  beyond  it. 
For  when  we  come  to  consider  the  Julia  Augusta 
section  of  the  coast  road,  we  shall  find  that  the  mile- 
stones bearing  its  name  are  marked  at  the  same  time 

^  Strabo,  p.  ■217,  "  6  2KaO/)os...6  koX  rr\v  AifiiXlav  oSbv  (rrpwcros  5(d  Hktuiv 
Kal  Aovvrji  fJiixP'-  2a/3arwi'  Kavrevdev  oia.  A^pOdivos." 


l68  VIA   AURELIA. 

with  the  total  of  the  distance  from  the  capital,  notwith- 
standing that  the  road  changed  its  name  twice  in  its 
continuation  to  Rome  over  the  Via  Aemilia  Lepidi  and 
the  Via  Flaminia. 

That  the  coast  road  bore  the  name  of  Aurelia  for  a 
considerable  distance  from  Rome  is  proved  by  the  men- 
tion of  it  in  the  Xllth  Philippic',  where  Cicero  refers  to 
it,  when  declining  the  proposal  that  he  should  repair  to 
Mutina  as  one  of  the  envoys  to  treat  with  Antony  when 
he  was  laying  siege  to  that  place. 

"Tres  viae  sunt  ad  Mutinam....A  supero  mari  Flam- 
mia,  ab  infero  Aurelia,  media  Cassia." 

Further  proof  of  the  extension  of  the  Via  Aurelia  is 
given  by  a  passage  in  the  life  of  the  Emperor  Aurelian 
by  Vopiscus.  "  Etruriae  per  Aureliam  usque  ad  Alpes 
maritimas  ingentes  agri  sunt."  This  text  alone  seems  to 
prove  that  the  name  Aurelia  was  applied  to  the  coast 
road  up  to  the  Maritime  Alps  in  the  reign  of  the 
Emperor  Aurelian,  A.D.  270 — 275. 

Section  No.  2  or  Via  Aemilia  Scauri  section  of  the 
coast  road  was  about  165  Roman  miles  in  length,  its 
important  stations  being  Pisa,  Luna,  and  Genoa,  the 
last  of  which  is  unaccountably  omitted  by  Strabo. 
From  Luna  it  was  carried  some  considerable  distance 
inland  up  the  valley  of  the  Magra  to  avoid  the  precipitous 
coast  between  Spezia  and  Moneglia,  where  (as  I  explained 
in  Chap.  VI)  it  was  again  brought  down  to  the  shore. 
In  its  onward  course  through  Sestri  Levante  to  Genoa, 
it  sometimes  followed  the  coast,  at  others  kept  a  mile  or 
two  inland.  Traces  are  to  be  found  of  its  passage  at 
Riva,  where  the  remains  of  Roman  brickwork  may  be 
seen  on  the  edge  of  the  stream  about  300  yards  from  its 
mouth. 

Between  Rapallo  and  Ruta  the  Strada  Romana, 
under  which  name  alone  it  is  known  to  the  natives,  may 
still  be  followed  for  an  unbroken  stretch  of  three  or  four 
miles.    It  is  paved  throughout  and  forms  an  inland  short- 

1  XII.  9. 


CHAP.    XVII.  169 

cut  and  pleasant  alternative  to  following  the  windings  of 
the  modern  high  road. 

The  Strada  Romana  is  hardly  ever  practicable  for 
wheeled  traffic,  being  often  very  steep  and  slippery,  after 
the  manner  of  Roman  roads.  It  offers  the  great  advan- 
tage of  being  cool,  moist  and  shady  at  all  times,  and  is 
in  strong  contrast  to  the  dusty  high  road,  which  however 
commands  wider  views.  The  road  is  the  usual  width  of 
Roman  roads,  the  pavement  measuring  about  8  ft.,  being 
the  regulation  width  laid  down  by  an  ancient  law  of  the 
Twelve  Tables. 

I  am  disposed  to  believe  that  much  of  the  pavement 
which  consists  of  pebbles  laid  edgeways  is  Roman.  For 
the  large  polygonal  blocks,  with  which  the  roads  were 
paved  in  towns,  were  seldom  or  never  used  for  country 
roads. 

In  the  Communes  of  Quinto  and  Quarto,  formerly 
Roman  Stations,  five  and  four  miles  respectively 
distant  from  Genoa,  the  thread  of  the  Strada  Romana 
can  be  picked  up  again  and  followed  for  at  least  half- 
an-hour's  most  interesting  walk.  Here  again  it  lies 
inland  from  the  dusty  or  muddy  (as  the  case  may  be) 
but  always  noisy  high  road,  which  follows  the  shore. 

In  the  Commune  of  Quarto,  the  Strada  Romana  is 
carried  over  the  river  Stura  by  a  bridge  mainly  of  Roman 
construction,  the  pebbled  road  being  10  ft.  wide  in  the 
centre  of  the  bridge.  Immediately  beyond  the  bridge, 
the  road  winds  up  the  steep  and  rocky  slope  to  gain  the 
high  ground,  over  which  Genoa  extends. 

Between  Genoa  and  Vada  Sabata  (now  Vado,  a 
suburb  of  Savona)  no  further  trace  of  the  Via  Aemilia 
Scauri  is  to  be  found  along  the  coast,  so  far  as  I  am 
aware.  I  have  already  treated  of  its  inland  continuation 
to  Dertona. 

It  remains  for  me  to  explain  in  the  next  chapter  the 
course  of  the  Via  Julia  Augusta,  constructed  by  Augus- 
tus B.C.  12  to  fill  up  the  gap  on  the  coast  between  Vada 
Sabata  and  the  Var,  which  was  still  without  a  regular 
Roman  road,  and  unprovided  with  post  stations. 


CHAPTER   XVIII. 

Via  Aurelia. 

Section  3  :   Julia  Augusta. 

The  construction  by  Augustus  B.C.  12  of  the  Via 
Julia  Augusta  between  Vada  Sabata  and  the  Var 
(about  93  miles  in  length)  served  at  the  same  time  to 
prolong  both  the  inland  Trans-Apennine  section  of  the 
Via  Aemilia  Scauri  and  its  coast  section  (afterwards  Via 
Aurelia)  to  the  Var. 

The  section  of  the  Julia  Augusta  between  Vada  and 
the  Var  was  therefore  the  only  portion  of  that  road 
which  Augustus  had  to  make  entirely  new.  For  the 
rest  of  its  course  between  Placentia  (the  Trebia)  and 
Vada  Sabata  he  had  only  to  improve  parts  of  two  roads 
previously  existing.  The  entire  course  of  the  Via  Julia 
Augusta  was  thus  made  up  : 

Roman 

miles. 

(i)     Part  of  the  Via  Postumia  repaired 

from  Placentia  to  Dertona         .       52 

(2)  Part  of  the  Via  Aemilia  Scauri  re- 

paired from  Dertona  to  Vada    .       79 

(3)  Section  of  the  Via   Julia  Augusta 

made  new  from   Vada   to   the 
Var 93 


224 


The  course  of  the  Via  Julia  Augusta  is  fortunately 
determined  for  us  by  the  inscription  on  one  of  its  mile- 


CHAP.   XVIII.  171 

Stones  found  in  the  Valley  of  Laghet,  one  mile  to  the 
westward  of  the  monument  of  Turbia.  It  is  identical 
with  the  Via  Aurelia  in  its  course  along  the  coast, 
between  Vada  and  the  Var,  and  only  dropped  its  original 
name — Julia  Augusta — when  it  became  absorbed  by  the 
Aurelia  of  the  Antonine  Itinerary,  as  was  the  case  with 
the  Via  Aemilia  to  the  east  of  it,  and  the  Via  Domitia 
to  the  west. 

In  making  two  distinct  roads  of  the  Aurelia  and 
Julia  Augusta,  M.  Lentheric  is  undoubtedly  wrong. 
Had  he  taken  the  trouble  to  study  the  Corpus  Inscrip- 
tionuDi  Latinaruni  or  the  inscriptions  on  the  numerous 
milestones  to  which  he  vaguely  alludes  as  found  in  the 
territory  of  Nice\  he  would  have  avoided  the  error  into 
which  he  has  fallen  of  prefixing  to  his  Riviera,  Ancient 
and  Modern  a  map  showing  the  Via  Julia  Augusta 
branching  from  the  Aurelia  at  Turbia  and  leading  from 
Vence  to  Frejus  by  Auribeau.  When  Augustus  carried 
his  Via  Julia  Augusta  over  the  Alps  at  Turbia,  there  was 
no  Via  Aurelia  to  branch  off  from,  nor  at  any  later 
period,  as  there  never  was  but  one  Roman  road  there  at 
any  time.  For  the  later  Roman  road  to  Vence  (Vintium) 
branched  off  the  Aurelia  at  Antibes. 

The  milestone  which  decisively  determines  the  direc- 
tion of  the  Via  Julia  Augusta  is  one  of  the  three  with 
which  the  visitor  is  confronted  immediately  on  entering 
the  Municipal  Library  at  Nice.  It  is  numbered  8,102, 
and  is  entered,  Vol.  V.  Pt.  2,  p.  955  of  the  Corpus  Inscrip- 
tionuin  Latinaruni^  amongst  the  26  milestones  therein 
numbered  from  8083  to  8109  inclusive  as  belonging  to 
the  Via  Julia  Augusta.  That  road  is  described  by 
Mommsen  as  leading 

"Placentia  Vada,  Vadis  ad  Varum,"  i.e.  from  Placentia 
(synonymous  with  the  river  Trebia,  there  forming  its 

^  Riviera,  Ancient  and  Modern,  p.  24. 

-  Vol.  V.  in  two  parts  can  be  inspected  at  the  Municipal  Library. 


172  VIA   AURELIA. 

junction  with  the  Po)  to  Vada  (Sabata)  and  from  Vada 
to  the  Var.     The  inscription  runs  : 

ccxVI 

IMP.  CAESAR.  DIVI 

TRAJANI  PARTHICI  FILIUS 

DIVI  NERVAE  N.  TRAJA- 

-NUS  HADRIANUS  AUG 

PONT.  MAX.  TRIE.  POTEST.  IX 

COS.  Ill   VIAM  JULIAM 

AUG.  A  FLU  MINE  TREE 

BIA,  QUAE  VETUSTATE 

INTERCIDERAT,  SUA 

PECUNIA  RESTITUIT 

DCV. 

The  number  ccxVI,  at  the  top,  gives  the  distance  of 
that  milestone  from  the  '  Trebbia,'  while  that  at  the 
bottom,  DCV,  shows  the  total  mileage  from  Rome  by 
the  circuitous  route  via  Placentia  and  Rimini,  the  Julia 
Augusta  having,  so  to  speak,  running  powers  onwards 
to  Rome,  over  the  Via  Aemilia  Lepidi  and  the  Via 
Flaminia.  The  smaller  letters  in  the  number  ccxVI  are 
not  decipherable  in  the  original  inscription,  but  Momm- 
sen  has  supplied  them  on  the  convincing  ground  that 
another  milestone  (No.  8095),  which  stood  four  miles 
nearer  the  Trebbia,  is  found  inscribed  CCXII  at  the  top 
and  DC  I  at  the  bottom. 

In  Vol.  V.  Part  2,  p.  828,  Mommsen  gives  the 
following  table  of  the  composition  of  the  inland 
circuitous  route  from  Rome  to  the  Var,  which  Augustus 
adopted  in  preference  to  the  coast  road,  in  spite  of  its 
being  about  200  miles  longer  : 


Julia 
Augusta 


Via  Flaminia.     Roma  Ariminum  m.  p.  c.         CCXXI 

,,     Aemilia  Lepidi.     Arimino  Placentiam  ,,         CLXVIII 

Postumia.     Placentia  Dertonam  ,,                    LII 

Aemilia  Scauri.     Dertona  Vada  LXXIX 

Strata  ab  Augusto.     Vadis  ad  Varum  XCIII 
A.  V.  C.  742  (E.  C.  12) 


fiunt  m.  p.  circiter     DCXIII 


CHAP.    XVIII.  173 

Augustus  apparently  considered  that  the  alternately 
swampy  and  precipitous  nature  of  the  coast  between 
Rome  and  Genoa  rendered  the  effective  maintenance  of 
a  reliable  thoroughfare  along  the  shore  an  impossibility. 
The  Via  Aurelia  of  the  Antonine  Itinerary,  which  at- 
tempted it  for  a  time,  became  practically  impassable,  as 
early  as  the  beginning  of  the  5th  century  of  our  era. 
We  gather  this  from  the  following  passage  in  the 
charming  poem  of  Rutilius  Numantianus,  describing  his 
return  journey  from  Rome  to  his  native  Gaul  in  the 
reign  of  the  Emperor  Honorius.  In  it,  he  explains  that 
he  preferred  the  risks  of  the  sea  to  those  of  the  land 
route  : — 

"  Electum  pelagus  :  quoniam  terrena  viarum 

Plana  madent  fluviis,  cautibus  alta  rigent : 
Postquam  Tuscus  ager,  postquamque  Aurelius  agger 

Perpessus  Geticas  ense  vel  igne  manus, 
Non  silvas  domibus,  non  flumina  ponte  cohercet : 

Incerto  satius  credere  vela  mari." 

In  the  age  of  Dante,  the  coast  road  between  Lerici 
(on  the  bay  of  Spezia)  and  Turbia  had  become  proverbial 
for  its  impracticability : 

Tra  Lerici  et  Turbia,  la  piii  diserta, 
La  pill  romita  via,  e  una  scala 
Verso  di  quella,  agevole  ed  aperta. 

II  Purgatorio  III.  49'. 

It  was  necessary,  in  order  to  unravel  the  complica- 
tions of  the  Via  Aurelia,  to  explain  the  course  of  the  Via 
Julia  Augusta,  the  coast  section  of  which  enters  into  its 
composition.  If,  however,  one  follows  the  course  of  the 
Via  Aurelia  as  laid  down  by  the  Itinerary  of  Antonine, 
in  its  entirety,  one  would  also  have  to  include  as  "  Coast- 
road,"  or  Aurelia,  the  part  of  the  inland  course  of  the 
Julia  Augusta  as  far  as  Dertona  and  thence  back  to 
Genoa    by   the   Via    Postumia.      But    this    would     be 

'  'Twixt  Lerici  and  Turbia,  the  most  desert, 
The  most  secluded  pathway  is  a  stair 
Easy  and  open,  if  compared  with  that. 

Lon^ellcno's  Translation. 


174  VIA   AURELIA. 

obviously  absurd,  as  the  essential  feature  of  the  Via 
Aurelia  (viz.  "  coast-road ")  would  be  lost  and  the 
distance  from  Vada  to  Genoa,  28  miles  by  the  coast, 
would  be  increased  to  130. 

In  my  opinion  we  are  justified  in  declining  to  follow 
this  aberration  of  the  Itinerary,  which  is  to  be  ascribed 
to  an  error  of  the  copyist,  for  whom  the  intricate  nature 
of  the  whole  subject  provides  some  excuse. 

It  seems  much  more  reasonable  to  adopt  the  short 
cut  or  compendium  indicated  by  the  Table  of  Peutinger. 
Such  an  error  goes  a  long  way  to  explain  the  exaggera- 
tion in  the  impossible  total  797  miles,  given  in  the 
heading  of  the  Via  Aurelia  of  the  Itinerary  as  the 
distance  from  Rome  to  Aries,  which  is  really  about  600 
miles  by  rail  via  Vintimiglia  and  Marseilles. 

Between  Vada  Sabata  and  the  Var,  the  thread  of  the 
Via  Julia  Augusta  may  still  be  picked  up  at  not  un- 
frequent  intervals.  It  sometimes  followed  the  shore  and 
was  sometimes  carried  a  mile  or  more  inland.  It  was 
carried  over  the  marshy  ground  to  the  east  of  Albenga, 
partly  on  a  raised  causeway,  and  partly  on  arches,  which 
for  a  length  of  nearly  200  yards  are  still  extant,  forming 
a  striking  monument  of  Roman  solidity  now  known  by 
the  name  of  '  Ponte  Lungo.' 

Between  Albenga  and  Alassio  the  Roman  road 
forms  one  of  the  most  charming  walks  on  the  whole 
Riviera,  being  carried  under  olive  groves  round  the 
shoulder  of  the  mountains  for  about  four  miles  at  a 
considerable  height  above  the  sea,  of  which  it  commands 
glorious  views. 

On  both  sides  of  the  picturesque  bridge,  partly 
Roman  and  partly  mediaeval,  at  Andora,  the  Strada 
Romana  may  again  be  traced,  as  it  crosses  the  wide 
valley.  Between  Diano  Marina  and  Oneglia,  the  Roman 
road  is  (I  believe)  identical  with  the  steep  winding  track 
overhanging  the  sea,  which  is  much  to  be  recommended 
to  pedestrians,  as  forming  a  picturesque  short  cut 
between  the  above-named  places. 


\To  fare  p.    174 


CHAP.    XVIII.  175 

From  Bordighera  to  Vintimiglia,  the  Strada  Romana 
runs  parallel  with  the  sea,  about  a  thousand  yards  in- 
land, past  the  chapel  of  St  Roche,  which  displays  a 
Roman  entablature  let  into  an  angle  of  the  wall. 

The  passage  of  the  road  through  Vintimiglia  is 
attested  by  three  milestones  preserved  in  the  disused 
church  of  San  Michele — a  most  picturesque  edifice,  on 
the  extreme  northern  edge  of  the  precipitous  promon- 
tory, on  which  the  now  dismantled  fortress  is  built  ^ 

Between  Vintimiglia  and  Mentone,  as  all  the  world 
knows,  the  Via  Julia  Augusta  is  to  be  seen  in  all  its 
naked  simplicity,  as  it  is  carried  ov^er  the  rocks  as  you 
approach  along  the  coast  those  modern  gardens  of  the 
Hesperides  where  the  Commendatore  Hanbury  delights 
to  exercise  much  appreciated  hospitality. 

As  the  Roman  road  rounds  the  corner  of  the  Red 
Rocks  (Baize  Rosse)  famous  for  its  cave  dwellings, 
where  prehistoric  human  skeletons  may  still  be  seen  in 
situ,  its  narrow  proportions  are  proved  by  the  7  ft. — 8  ft. 
wide  ledge  chiselled  out  of  the  rock  for  its  passage. 

In  a  narrow  roadway  winding  through  the  western 
end  of  Mentone,  the  Strada  Romana  may  again  be 
recognized  and  followed  across  low-lying  orchards  before 
it  scales  the  high  ground,  overlooking  the  Cap  Martin, 
where  the  Roman  Station  of  Lumone  was  situated. 

Crossing  the  col,  which  separates  the  bay  of  Mentone 
from  that  of  Monaco,  the  Via  Julia  Augusta  sweeps 
round  the  foot  of  the  village  of  Roquebrune,  whence  it 
mounts  by  an  ascent,  nowhere  difficult,  to  Turbia  distant 
six  miles  from  Lumone.  It  is  a  walk  strongly  to  be 
recommended    and    quite    within    the    compass    of   an 

'  In  his  Storia  de  Vintimiglia,  sold  at  the  "  Drogheria  "  in  the  main 
street  of  the  Upper  Town  in  the  absence  of  a  bookseller's  shop,  Signor  G. 
Rossi  cites  a  letter  from  Caelius  to  Cicero  bemoaning  his  bad  luck  in  being 
sent  to  Vintimiglia  amidst  the  snows  of  the  Alps  at  Christmas  time  to  quell 
a  riot  occasioned  by  the  assassination  by  adherents  of  Pompey  of  one  of 
their  citizens  for  having  entertained  Julius  Caesar  on  his  way  to  Spain  at 
the  outset  of  the  Civil  War.  This  as  far  as  I  know  is  the  solitary  classical 
text  referring  to  the  presence  of  Julius  Caesar  on  the  Riviera. 


176  VIA   AURELIA. 

ordinary  pedestrian,  starting  as  the  case  may  be  either 
from  Mentone  or  Monte  Carlo,  and  using  the  funicular 
railway  at  whichever  end  is  most  convenient. 

In  its  descent  from  La  Turbie  (the  Alpe  Summa  of 
the  Antonine  Itinerary)  towards  the  Var,  the  Via  Julia 
Augusta  entirely  avoided  the  difficulties  and  dangers 
encountered  in  the  carrying  of  the  Cornice  road  along 
the  face  of  the  precipices  behind  Eze.  It  turned  off 
the  main  road,  about  half  a  mile  from  the  monu- 
ment of  Augustus,  to  the  right  down  the  valley  of 
Laghet,  which  offers  an  easy  and  inviting  short  cut  to 
Cimiez — the  Roman  Cemenelum — by  La  Trinite  in  the 
valley  of  the  Paillon.  For  the  Romans  were  making  for 
Cimiez,  avoiding  the  Greek  town  of  Nice,  which  re- 
mained dependent  on  Marseilles  after  the  establishment 
of  the  Roman  Empire,  as  Strabo  informs  us^ 

It  is  surprising  how  little  attention  has  been  paid  to 
the  valley  of  Laghet,  which  must  have  served  from  the 
earliest  times  as  the  main  thoroughfare  between  Italy 
and  Gaul.  With  their  practical  eye,  the  Romans  seized 
on  it  at  once,  as  a  natural  opening  ready  made  for  their 
road. 

While  the  distance  from  Turbia  to  Cemenelo  is  only 
nine  miles  by  the  valley  of  Laghet,  it  must  be  nearly  20 
by  the  circuitous  route  of  the  Cornice,  where  a  road 
never  existed  before  the  time  of  Napoleon-.  In  carrying 
his  Via  Aurelia  by  the  Cornice,  as  a  separate  road  from 
the  Julia  Augusta,  M.  Lentheric  was  clearly  in  error,  as 
I  have  already  pointed  out. 

Neither  the  Itinerary  of  Antonine,  nor  the  Table  of 
Peutinger  shows  more  than  one  road,  which  avoiding 
Nice,  as  a  Greek  settlement,  made  straight  for  Cimiez 
by  the  valley  of  Laghet.      Nine  of  the  26   milestones 

^  Strabo,  IV.  Cas.  184,  17  iJ-h  NtKoi'a  virb  roh  MacrcraXiwTats  fx^vei  Kal 
TTji  iirapx^o-s  effriv. 

2  The  rough  track  forming  a  short  cut  from  Riquier  to  Villefranche  is 
probably  all  that  remains  of  the  old  Greek  road,  which  was  bound  to  keep 
near  the  shore. 


>1>, 


^^mrw 


\.     ♦•/WNli/l 


■s^-^ 

,^-tr' 


i|/(( mi  -«.->-■  A 


N, 


\'^' 

,;.>j 


&-  ^*1 


tea, 

M'li 


;t 


ROMAN    MILESTONE    IN    VALLEY    OF    LAGHET,    NEAR    NICE. 


To  face  p.   177] 


CHAP.   XVIII.  177 

belonging  to  the  Via  Julia  Augusta  noted  by  Mommsen 
were  discovered  in  the  valley  of  Laghet,  whereas  not  a 
single  one  has  ever  been  found  on  the  Cornice  road. 

The  modern  road,  leading  to  the  famous  monastery  of 
Laghet,  branches  off  from  the  Cornice  road  within  half  a 
mile  of  the  village  of  La  Turbie,  and  the  Via  Julia 
Augusta  in  its  turn  again  branches  off  from  the  modern 
Laghet  road  a  few  hundred  yards  further  on,  being  cut 
along  the  face  of  Monte  Sembola.  It  is  only  traceable 
now  as  a  road  as  far  as  a  quarry,  about  half  a  mile  from 
its  bifurcation  from  the  modern  road,  which  descends 
the  hill  to  the  monastery. 

Beyond  the  quarry,  the  Via  Julia  Augusta  becomes  a 
mere  footpath,  and  so  continues,  till  it  is  lost  amongst 
terraced  patches  of  cultivation  on  the  slopes  of  Monte 
Sembola.  The  milestone  represented  on  the  opposite 
page  is  still  iti  situ,  although  the  road  has  collapsed 
entirely.  This  illustration  is  from  a  drawing  made  by 
Sir  James  Harris,  the  British  Consul  at  Nice,  to  whom  I 
am  much  indebted  for  conducting  me  to  the  spot. 

The  inscription  on  the  milestone  proves  that  it  is  one 
of  those  originally  placed  there  in  the  reign  of  Augustus, 
as  his  name  is  still  quite  legible  on  it  as  well  as  the 
distance  from  Rome,  DC VI I  miles.  It  is  numbered  8105 
in  the  Corpus'. 

On  a  later  occasion,  when  we  revisited  the  valley  of 
Laghet  together,  I  was  fortunate  enough  to  find  and 
draw  the  attention  of  Sir  James  Harris  to  another 
Roman  milestone  in  situ,  which  had  escaped  his  observa- 
tion. It  is  distant  exactly  one  Roman  mile  from  Turbia 
and  marked  DCV  from  Rome. 

This  milestone  appears  to  be  a  duplicate,  as  far  as 
the  mileage  from  Rome  is  concerned,  of  that  presented 
by  Sir  John  Boileau  to  the  Municipal  Library  of  Nice, 

^  The  words  "  Trihunicia  Potestate,"  of  which  the  initial  letters  are 
wanting  on  the  milestone  opposite,  would  supply  a  clue  to  its  date,  if 
followed,  as  they  usually  are,  by  a  number,  indicating  the  number  of  times 
the  emperor  in  question  had  been  invested  with  the  tribuneship. 

H.  12 


178  VIA   AURELIA. 

the  inscription  on  which  I  have  quoted  above  in  full. 
But  the  milestone  DCV  still  in  situ  is  one  of  those 
originally  set  up  by  Augustus,  whereas  that  in  the 
Municipal  Library  marks  the  restoration  of  the  Via 
Julia  Augusta  by  Hadrian.  It  is  numbered  8101  in  the 
Corpus,  where  the  inscription  is  given. 

It  was  a  common  practice  of  Roman  Emperors  to 
place  milestones  referring  to  their  own  work  of  repara- 
tion by  the  side  of  those  of  their  predecessors.  Three  of 
the  nine  milestones  discovered  between  Turbia  and 
Cimiez  are  duplicates,  in  the  sense  of  marking  the  same 
total  of  miles  from  Rome. 

Besides  the  nine  having  inscriptions  of  some  kind, 
there  are  several  other  half-milestones  which  may  or 
may  not  be  in  situ.  Other  fragments  have  been  built 
into  terrace  walls, — one  of  which  I  examined  in  the 
company  of  the  British  Consul  and  Vice-Consul. 

To  excuse  himself  for  breaking  up  a  milestone  which 
he  found  on  his  ground,  a  peasant-owner  remarked  to  us 
that  there  was  no  object  now  in  maintaining  records 
whole,  since  the  territory  around  Nice  had  been  trans- 
ferred from  Italy  to  France  in  i860. 

No  spot  in  Europe  has  proved  so  rich  in  yield  of 
Roman  milestones  as  the  valley  of  Laghet,  and  yet  it  is 
still  uncertain  at  what  point  the  Via  Julia  Augusta 
crossed  the  Paillon  to  mount  up  to  Cimiez. 


CHAPTER    XIX. 

Via  Aurelia  {continued). 
Sections  4  and  5. 

That  the  original  constructors  of  the  first  road  used  by 
the  Romans  beyond  the  Alps,  i.e.  from  the  Var  onwards 
into  Gaul,  were  the  Massiliots  about  the  year  B.C.  154,  I 
have  already  explained,  and  at  the  same  time  pointed 
out  that  the  Massiliot  road  could  only  have  been  of  use 
to  the  Romans  as  far  as  Forum  Julii,  because  it  there 
branched  off  to  the  southward,  being  under  the  obliga- 
tion of  keeping  within  a  mile  and  a  half  of  the  sea. 

It  seems  therefore  right  to  call  Section  4  of  the  Via 
Aurelia  from  the  Var  to  Forum  Julii  after  its  original 
constructors,  '  Via  Massiliensis.'  That  it  was  taken  in 
hand  and  utilized  by  Augustus  as  a  continuation  of  the 
Julia  Augusta  is  however  proved  by  a  milestone  bearing 
his  name,  of  which  I  shall  say  more  further  on. 

But  from  the  absence  on  any  of  the  milestones  dis- 
covered westward  of  the  Var  of  any  reference  to  the 
total  distance  in  miles  either  from  Rome,  or  from  the 
Trebia,  Section  4  cannot  be  considered  as  belonging  to 
the  Italian  system  of  roads,  which  stopped  at  the  Var  in 
the  time  of  Augustus.  It  was  at  a  much  later  period 
that  frontiers  were  ignored  by  the  Via  Aurelia. 

12 — 2 


l80  VIA   AURELIA. 

When  we  come  to  consider  Section  5  more  in  detail, 
I  shall  be  able  to  adduce  proof  that  Forum  Julii  was  the 
'  Caput '  of  that  section. 

The  course  of  the  Massiliot  or  No.  4  Section  of  the 
Via  Aurelia  from  the  Var  westwards  was,  as  far  as 
Cannes,  as  nearly  as  possible  identical  with  the  modern 
high  road,  which  runs  parallel  to  the  railway,  along  the 
shore.  The  two  Roman  milestones,  inscribed  respec- 
tively with  the  names  of  Tiberius  and  Constantine, 
which  are  now  placed  side  by  side  at  the  foot  of  the 
staircase  of  the  Hotel  de  Ville  of  Vallauris,  were  both 
transported  there  from  the  side  of  the  high  road,  where 
they  originally  stood.  But,  as  might  be  expected,  all 
traces  of  the  Roman  road  itself  have  been  obliterated  by 
the  modern  highway  constructed  on  the  top  of  it. 

As  I  observed  in  the  previous  Chapter,  it  was  at 
Antibes  that  the  Roman  road  (Via  Vintiana)  branched 
off  from  the  Aurelia  to  Vence  (Vintium),  whence  it 
was  carried  further  inland  to  "  Ad  Salinas  "  (Castellane). 
Several  milestones  have  been  discovered  beyond  Vence, 
of  which  full  particulars  are  given  in  Les  Inscriptions 
de  Vence  by  M.  Bourguignat,  and  in  Vol,  XII.  of  the 
Corpus  Inscriptionnni  Latinarnm. 

Carried  through  the  centre  of  Cannes,  on  a  higher 
level  than  the  railway,  past  la  Chapelle  St  Nicholas,  the 
Via  Aurelia,  no.  longer  identical  with  the  main  thorough- 
fare, is  carried  over  the  insignificant  bed  of  the  Riou  by 
the  Pont  Romain,  at  the  foot  of  La  Croix  de  Garde. 
In  the  steep  winding  track,  which  from  the  bridge  may 
be  followed  for  at  least  two  miles  across  the  ridge  of  La 
Croix  de  Garde  till  it  becomes  again  obliterated  by  the 
broad  road-way  of  a  modern  boulevard,  it  requires  con- 
siderable experience  of  Roman  roads  to  recognize  the 
famous  Via  Aurelia. 

On  its  descent  from  La  Croix  de  Garde,  the  road 
was  carried  over  the  plain  of  Laval  past  the  isolated 
hillock  of  St  Cassien  (Arluc,  Ara-luci)  on  the  raised 
causeway  along  which  the  modern  high  road  passes. 


CHAP.   XIX.  l8l 

As  the  Station,  '  Ad  Horrea,'  has  to  be  fixed  at  some 
point  12  Roman  miles  to  the  west  of  AntipoHs,  and  17 
or  18  (according  to  the  Table  or  Itinerary  respectively) 
to  the  East  of  Forum  Julii,  there  is  little  doubt  that  it 
should  be  identified  with  Napoule,  which  agrees  with 
this  double  condition  of  distances,  and  where  remains  of 
extensive  granaries  have  been  discovered. 

At  no  other  point  in  its  course  along  the  coast  can 
the  Greek  traders  of  Marseilles  have  encountered  more 
formidable  obstacles  to  the  passage  of  their  road  than  in 
carrying  it  over  the  jagged  porphyry  promontories,  which 
descend  into  the  sea  from  the  Esterel  mountains  between 
Napoule  and  Agay. 

That  they  succeeded  however  in  keeping,  as  they 
were  bound,  near  the  coast,  is  proved  by  a  milestone 
found  on  the  road,  where  it  passed  round  the  base  of  the 
"  Sainte  Baume " — the  name  by  which  the  landward 
face  of  the  Cap  Roux  is  locally  known. 

This  milestones  which  stood  midway  between  the 
Station  Ad  Horrea  and  Forum  Julii,  as  is  proved  by  the 
number  Villi  engraved  at  its  base,  is  inscribed  with  the 
name  of  Augustus,  proving  that  he  utilized  the  Massiliot 
or  Greek  road  for  a  time,  pending  the  construction  of  the 
more  convenient  Roman  road,  which  crossed  the  Esterel 
by  what  is  now  known  as  the  old  road  to  Cannes  on  the 
north  side  of  the  range. 

Several  milestones,  two  of  which  are  preserved  in  the 
Museum  at  Frejus,  have  been  discovered  on  the  Roman 
rectification  of  the  course  of  the  Massiliot  road.  One  of 
these  states  that  the  Emperor  Nero  restored  the  rectifi- 
cation, proving  that  it  was  carried  out  considerably 
before  his  time — either  by  Augustus  himself  or  by 
Tiberius. 

Entering  Forum  Julii  by  the  Porta  Romana,  of 
which  the  stately  double  archway  was  still  standing  in 

'  This  milestone  was  rescued  from  oblivion  by  the  author,  who  finding 
it  in  two  pieces  cast  away  in  an  abandoned  cemetery,  had  it  put  together 
and  set  up  in  the  esplanade  at  St  Raphael. 


l82  VIA  AURELIA. 

the  beginning  of  the  last  century,  the  Roman  road,  after- 
wards Via  Aurelia,  formed  the  main  thoroughfare  of  the 
city,  passing  out  of  it  at  the  Porta  GalHca^ 

Whether  the  original  Massiliot  road  also  entered 
Forum  Julii  at  the  point  where  the  Porta  Romana  was 
afterwards  erected,  it  is  not  easy  to  determine.  It  is 
probable,  however,  that  it  did  not  issue  from  the  walls 
by  the  Porta  Gallica,  but  by  a  lower  gate  facing  south 
and  nearer  the  shore.  Here,  however,  we  part  company 
with  it. 

That  Forum  Julii  was  the  Caput  of  Section  5  of  the 
Via  Aurelia  is  proved  by  the  numbering  of  the  miles  on 
a  milestone  originally  found  on  the  Via  Aurelia  at 
Camp-Dumy,  and  now  standing  in  a  sheltered  corner, 
outside  the  parish  church  of  the  adjacent  village  of 
Cabasse  (Matavone). 

The  milestone  in  question  is  one  of  the  series  erected 
by  the  Emperor  Constantine  the  Great.  It  is  numbered 
5470  on  p.  40  of  Vol.  XII.  of  the  Corpus  Inscriptioniim 
Lathiaj'icm,  where  the  inscription  is  given  in  full. 

The  number  of  miles,  which  is  always  found  at  the 
end  of  the  inscription,  when  specified  at  all,  is  here 

XXXIII, 

corresponding  as  near  as  possible  with  the  actual 
distance  by  road  from  Frejus. 

If  only  the  practice  of  engraving  the  total  distance 
from  the  Caput  Viae  on  every  milestone  had  been  uni- 
versal, we  should  have  had  an  invaluable  means  of 
correcting  the  inaccuracies  and  discrepancies  in  the 
distances  given  by  the  Itinerary  and  Table  respec- 
tively. 

While  the  Itinerary  and  the  Table  give  the  distances 
from  Forum  Julii  to  Forum  Voconii  as  XII  and  XVII, 

1  In  order  to  prove  beyond  a  doubt  that  the  now  banked  up  central 
portion  of  the  gateway  was  formerly  open,  I  had  the  ground  excavated  till 
wheel-ruts,  worn  in  the  pebble  pavement  leading  right  up  to  the  centre  of 
the  structure,  were  laid  bare. 


ANCIENT  AND  MODERN  FREJUS. 


The  Red  Colouring  shows  the  boundary  of  Roman  Forum-Julii  and  its  excauaied  harbour,  into  which  the  galleys  captured  at  Aetium  {B.C.  81) 
were  convoyed  by  order  of  Auguaiua. 


CHAP.   XIX.  183 

and  from  Forum  Voconii  to  Matavone  as  XII  and  XXII 
respectively,  making  a  total  of  XXIV  by  the  Itinerary 
and  XXXIX  by  the  Table,  the  actual  distance  is  XXXIII 
as  marked  on  the  milestone. 

The  actual  measurement  on  the  milestone  also  corro- 
borates the  statement  in  the  letter  of  Plancus  to  Cicero^ 
that  Forum  Voconii  was  24  miles  from  Forum  Julii,  for 
Camp-Dumy  where  the  milestone  was  found  is  about 
nine  miles  from  Forum  Voconii  (le  Luc). 

The  milestone  found  there  is  by  no  means  the  only 
evidence  of  the  passage  of  the  Via  Aurelia  at  Camp- 
Dumy.  For  I  followed  the  unmistakeable  track  of  the 
road  itself  for  more  than  a  mile  westward  from  the  end 
of  the  picturesque  mediaeval  bridge,  replacing  the  Roman 
structure,  which  carried  the  Via  Aurelia  over  the  stream 
of  the  Issole,  which  vies  with  the  Argens  in  its  silvery 
limpidity. 

In  the  town  of  Brignolles  some  10  miles  further  west 
a  square-shaped  milestone,  6  ft.  high,  similar  to  that  in 
the  museum  at  Frejus,  is  now  erected  in  a  market  garden 
formerly  within  the  precincts  of  a  Capuchin  monastery. 
It  bears  witness  to  the  activity  of  the  Emperor  Nero  in 
repairing  this  portion  of  the  road. 

A  precisely  similar  milestone,  with  a  similar  inscrip- 
tion— both  unfortunately  wanting  in  the  item  of  the 
total  of  miles  from  the  Caput  Viae — is  to  be  seen  on  the 
lofty  terrace  of  the  Chateau  of  Tourves,  splendid  even  in 
its  ruins,  which  look  down  on  the  town  of  Tourves,  the 
Roman  station  of  Ad  Turrem^. 

Between  the  Station  Ad  Turrem  and  the  next, 
Tegulata  (see  Section  of  Peutinger's  Table),  I  walked 
over  the  Via  Aurelia  itself  for  at  least  four  miles,  picking 

1  See  p.  159. 

^  To  my  great  surprise,  and  no  small  satisfaction,  I  found  in  the  ancient 
hostelry  of  St  Jean  at  Tourves  (a  station  on  the  railway  between  Camoulles 
and  Gardanne)  a  nicely  furnished  sitting  room  and  clean  bedrooms,  which 
combined  with  the  attractions  of  the  ruined  Chateau  and  its  grounds  render 
it  the  most  desirable  stopping  place  between  Frejus  and  Aix-en-Provence. 


l84  VIA   AURELIA. 

up  the  thread  of  it  where  it  crosses  the  high  road,  about 
a  mile  to  the  south  of  the  town  of  St  Maximin. 

A  facsimile  of  a  milestone  erected  by  the  Emperor 
Claudius  (father  of  Nero  by  adoption),  the  original  of 
which  is  to  be  seen  in  the  cloister  of  the  Monastery, 
attached  to  the  magnificent  church  of  St  Maximin,  has 
been  placed  in  situ  on  the  road,  whence  the  monks  re- 
moved the  original. 

The  Via  Aurelia,  in  its  passage  to  the  south  of  the 
town,  avoids  the  plain  in  which  St  Maximin  lies,  by  in- 
sinuating itself  amongst  the  mountains,  the  most  striking 
of  which  is  called  '  Mont  Aurele ' — presumably  after  the 
road.  The  milestone  stands  at  about  a  mile  from  the 
point  where  the  stony  track  representing  the  Via  Aurelia 
rejoins  the  high  road  from  St  Maximin  to  Aix. 

On  emerging  from  the  mountains,  where  it  crosses 
the  watershed  dividing  the  basin  of  the  Argens  from 
that  of  the  Arc,  the  Via  Aurelia  proceeds  onwards  to 
Aquae  Sextiae  across  the  battle-field  of  Marius,  running 
between  the  elongated  ridge  of  the  Mont  Sainte  Victoire 
and  the  River  Arc  for  several  miles. 

From  Aquae  Sextiae  to  Arelate'  (Aries)  as  is  clearly 
shown  in  the  Table  of  Peutinger,  the  Via  Aurelia  forms 
a  loop,  one  branch  leading  by  Massilia  (Marseilles)  and 
the  Fossae  Marianae,  while  the  other  and  more  direct 
passes  by  Pisavis  (near  Salon)  and  across  the  plain  of  La 
Crau.  The  former  is  adopted  by  the  Itinerary  of  Anto- 
nine  to  the  exclusion  of  the  latter,  whereas  both  are 
indicated  by  the  Table  of  Peutinger,  which  makes  the 
distance  from  Aquae  Sextiae  to  Aries  114  miles  via 
Marseilles  and  only  58  via  Pisavis  (Salon). 

It  is  certain  that  the  original  Via  Domitia  followed 
the  latter  route,  as  being  the  shortest  cut  from  Forum 
Julii  to  the  Rhone  at  Aries.  To  have  taken  their  road  as 
the  Itinerary  does  through  Massilia  and  Greek  territory 
would  have  been  contrary  to  Roman  policy  at  the  date 

1  The  ancient  name  for  Aries,  Arelatf  (or  Arelatum),  becomes  Arelati? 
in  the  ablative  case,  as  in  the  Table  of  Peutinger. 


[  To  face  p.   1 84 


CHAP.   XIX. 


185 


of  its  original  construction,  when  Marseilles  was  an  in- 
dependent Republic  and  faithful  ally  of  Rome. 

As  my  final  contribution  towards  the  elucidation  of 
this  intricate  question  I  submit,  in  tabular  form  for  the 
sake  of  clearness,  the  best  conclusions  I  can  arrive  at  as 
to  the  course  and  nomenclature  of  the  coast-road,  styled 
by  the  Itinerary  of  Antonine 

Via  Aurelia. 

A  Roma  per  Tusciam  et  Alpes  Maritimas  Arelatum 
usque  M.P.  DCCXCVII. 


Original 
Name 

Author 

Starting 
Point 

Finishing 
Point 

Date 

B.C. 

Section  i 

Aurelia 

C.  Aurelius 
Cotta 

Rome 

Vada  Vola- 
terrana 

741 

„       2 

Aemilia 

M.  Aemilius 

Vada  Vo- 

Vada  Sabata 

109 

Scauri 

Scaurus 

laterrana 

»       3 

Julia 
Augusta 

Augustus 

Vada  Sa- 
bata 

Var 

12 

»       4 

Massiliensis 

Unknown 

Var 

Forum  Julii 

154 

„       5 

Domitia 

Cn.  Domitius 
Ahenobar- 
bus 

Fomm 
Julii 

Arelate 

121 

Whether  we  are  justified  in  calling  it  Via  Aurelia  or 
not,  is  perhaps  of  less  importance  than  the  fact  which 
is  universally  admitted,  that  there  was  at  one  time  a 
continuous  coast-road  from  Rome  to  Aries. 


INDEX. 


Actium,  battle  off,   162 

Adige,  valley  of  the,  107 

Aduatuci,  descended  from  Cimbri 
and  settled  among  the  Belgae, 
103 

Aedui,  the,  52,  92 

Aegytna,  oppidum  of  Oxybii,  80 ; 
destruction  of,  83 

Aelius,  P.,  one  of  the  triumvirate 
appointed  for  partitioning  land 
among  colonists  of  Luna,  65 

Aemilianus,  Fabius  Max.,  com- 
memoration of  the  victories  of,  96 

Aemilius  Paulus,  L.,  expedition  of, 
70 ;  Plutarch's  life  of,  70,  71; 
death  of  two  of  his  sons,  7 1 ; 
sortie  by,  74-76 

Afranius,  one  of  Pompey's  legati  in 
Spain,  137 

Afridis,  the,  65 

Agay,  81 

Agricola,  birthplace  of,  88 ;  his 
mother  Julia  murdered  at  Vinti- 
miglia,  88  note 

Ahenobarbus,  Domitius,  Proconsul, 
92;  victory  of,  93;  capture  of 
Bituitus  by,  95 ;  the  founder  of 
the  Via  Domitia,  98,  100;  fleet 
of,  142  ;  governor  of  the  Provincia 
Narbonensis,  137,  138;  sum- 
moned to  join  the  fleet  of  Na- 
sidius,  144 ;  the  first  road-maker, 
166 

Aix-en-Provence,  battle  of,  85,  99 

Aix-Pourrieres,  battle  of,  no 

Alaudae,  legion  of  the,  136 

Albenga,  selection  of,  by  Mago,  for 
the  base  of  his  operations,  38 ; 
council  of  chiefs  at,  39 ;  conquest 
of  the  Ingauni  at,  69-76 

Albici,  in  the  pay  of  the  Massiliots, 
141 ;  sorties  by  the,  143 

"Albula"  the  former  name  of  the 
Tiber,  48 

Alesia,  operations  around,  136 


Allia,  defeat  of  the  Romans  at  the 
battle  of  the,  18 

Allobroges,  factories  of  the,  33 ; 
war  with,  92  ;  insurrection  of  the, 
128;  complaints  of  the,  against 
Fonteius,  128;  embassy  to  Rome, 
128,  129  ;  Caesar's  desire  to  secure 
the  friendship  of  the,  132  ;  allies 
of  the  Romans,  ib.\  'Senate'  of 
the,  133  ;  revolt  of  the,  after  the 
death  of  Caesar,  1 34 

Allobrogicus,  Q.  Fataius,  conquest 
of  Provincia  by,   98 

Alpine  nations,  Hasdrubal  unmo- 
lested by,  36 

Alps,  Hannibal's  passage  of  the, 
^7~3ri  western  passes  of  the, 
used  by  the  Romans,  32 

Ambrones,  slaughter  of,  85  ;  anni- 
hilation of  the  armies  of  Caepio 
and  Manlius  by  the,  104;  identity 
of  battle  cry  used  by  Ambrones 
and  Ligurians,  113;  defeat  of 
the,  113;  their  reception  at  the 
hands  of  their  women,  113,  114 

Ambrones  and  Teutones,  prepara- 
tions of,  to  cross  the  Rhone,  109 

Andora,  bridge  at,  1 74 

Antipolis,  Greek  colony  from  Mas- 
silia,  15  ;  founding  of,  79;  siege 
of,  79-83 

Antonine  Itinerary,  78,  i-;4,  163, 
164,  171,  173,  174,  176,  182,  184 

Antonius,  L.,  cavalry  of,  153,  156 

Antonius,  Marcus,  consul,  150;  re- 
ception of  Octavianus  by,  150; 
defeats  of,  151;  before  Mutina, 
151 ;  off  Actium,  162  ;  lays  siege 
to  Mutina,  151  ;  meeting  of,  with 
Lepidus  on  the  river  Argens, 
156-162  ;  flight  into  Gallia  Nar- 
bonensis, 157,  158;  arrival  at 
Forum  Julii,  i.sS;  appointed 
triumvir,  i6r  ;  Gaul  assigned  as 
province  to,    162 


INDEX. 


187 


Aosta,  31  ;  country  of  the  Salassi,  31 

Apennines,  the,  77 

Apron,  the,  80,  82 

Apuani,  the,  61,  62;  defeat  of,  by 
Sempronius,  64 ;  transported  to 
the  Taurasian  plains,  64,  65;  de- 
portation of  the.  69 

Aquae  Sextiae,  89,  91,  96,  99; 
battle  of,  109-118  (see  also  Aix- 
en-Provence) 

Aquae  Statiellae,  154 

Aquileia,  Roman  colony  at,  73 ; 
Decimus  Brutus  put  to  death  at, 
161 

Arausio,  90 

Arbois  de  Jubainville,  M.  d',  on  the 
number  of  Celts  in  Gallia,  3-5  ; 
on  the  Ligurians,  46,  47,  48 ;  on 
the  Ligurian  civilization,  50 

Arc,  slaughter  of  Ambrones  and 
Teutones  in  the  valley  of,  85; 
bed  of  the,  112;  Marius's  battle 
in  the  valley  of  the,  1 18 

Arecomici,  the  founders  of  the  Celtic 
Emporium  at  Narbonne,  12  ;  a 
branch  of  the  Volcae,  ib. 

Argens,  the,  87 ;  meeting  of  An- 
tony and  Lepidus  on,  156-162 

Ariminum,  63 

Ariovistus,  encounter  of  Julius  Cae- 
sar with,  no;  negotiations  with, 
121 

Aries,  native  settlement  at,  33  ;  in 
possession  of  the  Salluvii,  87 ; 
why  not  selected  as  the  Roman 
Capital,  96  ;  depopulation  of,  97  ; 
a  centre  of  Roman  roads,  139; 
arrival  of  Caesar's  ships  from, 
142  ;  colony  at,   149 

Arras,  see  Nemetocenna 

Arverni,  12  ;  over-lordship  of  the, 
13;  army  of  the,  92;  disaster  to 
the,  on  the  Rhone,  94 

Aspres-Veynes,  91 

Athenopolis,  colony  at,   15 

Atilius,  praetor,   26 

Augustus,  Liguria  or  Regio  IX.  of, 
48;  altar  of,  162;  monument  in 
honour  of,  at  Turbia,  ih. ;  or- 
ganization of  the  Gallic  provinces 
by,  ib. 

Avienus,  Festus,  Ora  Maritimay  9, 
10;  Lacus  Ligusticus  mentioned 
by,  49 ;  situation  of  Marseilles 
described  by,    140 

Avignon,  native   settlement    at,  33 

Baal,  altar  of,  at  Marseilles,   14 
Baebius,    M.,    consul,    64  ;      pro- 
consul,  73 


Bassus,  Ventidius,  legate  of  Antony, 

156,    158 
Belloguet,  Baron  Roger  de,  '  Ethno- 

genie'  Gauloise,  2,  3 
Bellovesus,  Celts  under,    11 
Bertrand,  A.,   n,  47 
Bergfer,  N.,  on  the  Roman  roads, 

166,    167 
Bernard,  Little  St,  31 
Besan9on,    seizure    of,     by    Julius 

Caesar,   no 
Bituitus,  King  of  the  Arverni,  93-95 
Bituriges,    12 
Boii,  1 2  ;   tinal  subjugation  of  the, 

18;    encounter  the  Romans,   19; 

resistance  of  the,   44;    expulsion 

of,  from  Gallia  Cisalpina,  57 
Bononia,    colony   of,    44 ;     Roman 

colonists  around,  51 
Bordeaux  an  imperial  residence,  8 
Bormida,  river,    154 
Bourguignat,    !VI.,   Les   Inscriptions 

dc   Fence,  180 
Brancus,  supplies  to  Hannibal  by, 

29'  33 

Brian9on,  railway,  91 

Brignolles,  183 

Brittany,  population  of,  mainly 
Iberian,  8 

Brutus,  Decimus,  takes  command 
of  the  fleet  off  Marseilles,  139, 
142;  triumph  of,  143;  takes 
refuge  at  Modena,  151  ;  letter  to 
Cicero,  152  ;  arrival  at  Acqui, 
157;  army  of,  at  Eporedia,  160; 
desperate  condition  of,  161;  at- 
tempts to  join  Marcus  Brutus,  ib.; 
put  to  death,  ib. 

Cabasse,  village  of,    182 

Cadibona,   1 54 

Caecilius,  C,  puts  down  the  revolt 
of  the  Salluvii,    121 

Caepio,  annihilation  of  the  army  of, 
by  the  Ambrones,  104;  possession 
of  gold  by,  stored  at  Tolosa,  105 

Caesar,  Caius  Julius,  last  public 
act  of,  affecting  the  Roman  Pro- 
vince, 149;  events  of  the  year 
following  the  assassination  of, 
149-155;  presence  of,  on  the 
Riviera,    175 

Calvinus,  Sextius,  85,  88,  97 

Camp-Dumy,    182,   183 

Caninius,  operations  of,   136 

Cannae,  battle  of,  34 

Cannes,  Roman  commissioners  put 
ashore  at,  81 

Cap  Roux,  79,  88,   t8i 

Carbo,  Cnaeus,  consul,   103 


i88 


INDEX. 


Carthage,  Carthaginian  army,  com- 
position of,  34;  treaty  of  peace 
with,  43  ;  final  destruction  of,  84 

Carthaginians,  re-establishment  of 
supremacy  at  sea  by  the,  15 

Cast  el  d'  Appio,   72 

Catiline  conspiracy,   129,   130 

Catugnatus,  Manlius  Lentinus  out- 
generalled  by,    130 

Catulus,  monument  to,  at  Glanum, 
107;  consul,   123 

Cavaillion,   112 

Cavares,  confederation  of  the,  32 ; 
plain  of  the,   90 

Celesia,  E.,  on  the  Ligurians,  46 

Celtic,  Celtae  and  Belgae  speak  the 
Celtic  language,  6 

Celts,  possession  of  N.W.  Mediter- 
ranean coast  line  by,  9;  form  a 
settlement  on  the  Atlantic  sea- 
board of  the  Iberian  peninsula, 
10,  11;  Ligurians  falsely  said  to 
be  akin  to  the,  46 

Celts  and  Ligurians,  contests  be- 
tween,  10 

Cenis,  Mont,  railway,  30 

Cenomani,  invasion  of  eastern  Trans- 
padana  by  the,  48 

Cethegus,  death  of,   129 

Cicero,  death  of,   161,   162 

Cimbri,  use  of  caravans  by,  9;  in- 
vasion of  the  Rhone  valley  by 
the,  97 ;  embassy  to  Augustus 
from  the.  102;  destruction  of  the, 
at  Vercellae,   118 

Cimbri  and  Teutones,  German  origin 
of,  102 

Cimbro-Teuton  invasion,  Marius  and 
the,  101-108 

Cimiez,  80;  Val  Laghet,  short  road 
to,    176 

Cinna,  Roman  internecine  sti^uggles 
under  the  leadership  of,  120 

Claudius,  Appius,  consul,  71  ;  vic- 
tories of,  72 

Claudius,  Emperor,  milestone  erect- 
ed by,   184 

•Claustra  Galliae,'  88 

'Claustra  maris,'  88 

Cleopatra,    162 

Clusium,   18 

Col  de  I'Argentiere,   31,  32 

Col  de  Tenda,  77 

Colonia  Julia  Viennensis,   134 

Constantine,  oppidum  of,  56;  ruins 
of,   ib. 

Copillus,  chief  of  the  Volcae  Tec- 
tosages,  capture  of,  by  Sylla,  104 

Cornelius,  M.,  takes  up  the  com- 
mand of  Spurius  Lucretius,  140 


Cornelius,  P.,  consul,  64 

Cotta,  Aurelius,   165 

Crassus,  Licinius,  orator,   loi 

Cremona,  military  colony  at,  19, 
20;  Hamilcar  plans  seizure  of, 
43  ■>  siege  and  relief  of,  43 ;  battle 

of.  43 

Critognatus,  harangue  of,   107,   108 

Dawkins,    Boyd,    Early    Man    in 

Britain,  8 
Dea,  91 
Deciates,    the,    79,    80 ;    subjection 

of,  83 
Delphi,    treasure    of,    7  ;    spoil   of 

Veii  in  the  Massiliot  treasury  at, 

16;   sack  of,   102 
Dertona,   152,   153 
Dervieu,  Captain,  on  the  campaign 

of  Marius,   1 15 
Dolabella,     P.    Cornelius,    consul, 

150 
'Dolmen,'  near  Draguignan,  53 
Donzere,  25 
Drac,  31 
Drappes,   136 
Drome,  junction  of,  with  the  Rhone, 

25;   valley  of  the,  91 
Durance  valley,  3,  29,  30,  36,  90- 

96 

Egus,   t33 

Eighty  Years'  War,   57,  58 

Elba,  the  Ligurian  '  Ilva,'  47 

Emporiae,  98 

Encourdoules,  81 

Entremont,  discoveries  of  bas-reliefs 

at,  53,  54;  description  of,  53,  54, 

55 ;    hot  springs,   112 
Epanterii     Montani,    the,    38,    39 ; 

join  the  Ingauni,    72 ;    treachery 

of  the  allies,  73 
Eporedia,  army  of  Decimus  Brutus 

at,    160 
Eratosthenes,  fragment  of,  49 
Esterel,  the,  79,   157,   158 
Etang  de  Berre,  21,  56,  87 
Etruria,  Cisalpine  Gauls  in,    18 
Etruscans,  defeat  of,  off  Cumae,  15; 

driven  from  the  Po  valley,  18 
Etrusco-Carthaginian  naval  alliance, 

15 

Fabius  Maximus,  Q.,  consul,  92 
Fasti  Capitolini,  87,  88,  90,  121 
Flaccus,  Fulvius,  consul,  84,  85,  86, 

87,  88,  90  ;  conquest  of  Provincia 

begun  by,  98 
Flaccus,  Valerius,  triumph  of,  over 

Gauls  and  Celtiberians,  121 


INDEX. 


189 


Flaminius,  Caius,  consul,  62;  com- 
missioner, 80;  wounded,  81 

Fonteius,  M.,  charge  of  appropriat- 
ing moneys  against,  98  ;  Cicero's 
oration  on  behalf  of,  126,  127, 
128 

Forum  Aurelii,  165 

Fon.im  Julii,  87,  88,  96,  98,  99,  149, 
157.    158,    179-182 

Forum  Voconii,  159,  160,  182,  183 

Fos,  vestiges  of  Roman  camp  at, 
106 

France,  ancient,  derived  its  name 
from  the  Galli,  2 ;  majority  of 
inhabitants  of,  not  of  Gallic  origin, 
ib. ;  race-feud  between  French 
and  Germans  not  to  be  attributed 
to  Celtic  element,  il>.;  modern, 
German  Franks  give  the  name 
to,  ib.  ;  S.W.  quarter  of,  mainly 
Iberian,   13 

Frejus,  bay  of,  87;  colony  at,  149; 
museum  at,  181 

Freshtield,  D.,  Alpine  Pass  of  Han- 
nibal, 31,  32 

Friniates,  the,  61,  62 

Fulvia,  wife  of  Antony,  162 

Gaesatae,  Transalpine,  39 

Galba,  Servius  Sulpicius,  secures 
triumph  for  Pomptinus,  130 

Gallia,  early  distribution  of  races 
in  Gaul,  i  ;  traces  of  pre-historic 
man  in  Gaul,  i  ;  M.  d'Arbois  de 
Jubainville,  on  the  number  of 
Celts  in  Gallia,  3-5;  derivation 
of  the  name,  2;  ancient,  distri- 
bution of  the  population  in,  6; 
modem,  gnmnd-work  of  the 
population  Iberian,  5 ;  divisions 
of,  5,  6;  distinctions  of  language 
existing  in,  5 

Gallia  Cisalpina,  derives  her  main 
contingent  of  Gauls  from  the 
valley  of  the  Danube,  12;  contest 
of  the  Romans  with,  17;  critical 
state  of  affairs  in,  18;  subjugation 
of,  19;  invasion  of,  by  Hasdrubal 
and  ^lago,  36-44;  real  beginning 
of  Roman  administration  in,  44 ; 
beginning  of  military  road  con- 
struction in,  62,  63 

Gallia  Comata,  132,  134,  162 

Gallia  Narbonensis,  121 

Gallia  Transalpina,  Iberian,  Ligur- 
ian  and  Celtic  races  found  in,  9 ; 
never  the  parent  hive  of  Celts,  1 1 ; 
theory  of  reflux  of  Gauls  from, 
not  altogether  to  be  rejected,  12  ; 
first  Roman  blood  shed  in,  23 


Gallic  irruptions,  special  fund  pro- 
vided to  meet,  19 

Gallinara,  island  of,  seizure  by 
Mago,  38 

Gallus,  meaning  of,  86 

Gap,  91 

Gauls,  types  of,  6,  7 ;  Romans  de- 
rive their  knowledge  of,  from 
Belgica,  7;  occupy  north-eastern 
and  central  plateaus  of  France, 
10;  sacking  and  burning  of  Rome 
by  the.  18 

Gauls  and  Ligurians,  the  main  con- 
stituents of  Hannibal's  army,  34  ; 
insurrection  of,  43 

Genevre,  Pass  of  Mt,  31,  125 

Genoa,  descent  on,  by  Mago,  38; 
few  traces  of  Romans  at,  52; 
relations  with  Rome  and  Mar- 
seilles, ■52;  sacking  and  burning 
of,  ib. ;  no  coins  of  earlier  date 
than  Roman  conquest  found  there, 

Gentes  Alpinae,  78 

Genuatae,  the,  52,  70 

Gergovia,  plateau  of,  93;  repulse 
of  the  Romans  from,  132 

German  slaves  in  Italy,  118 

Germania  Superior  and  Inferior,  8 

Glanum,  Roman  camp  at,  107,  109 

Goorkhas,  the,  76 

Gracchus,  Caius,  84 

Greece,  invasion  of,  by  Gauls,  7 

Greek  element,  introduction  of,  into 
the  population  of  Gallia  Trans- 
alpina, 13 

Gretia,  name  given  to  the  region 
between  Marseilles  and  the 
Durance,  13;  mentioned  in  the 
table  of  Peutinger,  137 

Guadiana,  river,  49 

Hamilcar,  insurrection  of  Gauls  and 
Ligurians  at  the  instigation  of,  43 ; 
death  of,  43 

Hannibal  in  the  Rhone  valley,  17- 
26;  Passage  of  Alps,  27-35,  82; 
infantry  and  cavalry  of  the  army 
of,  33;  delay  of,  in  the  country  of 
the  Allobroges,  and  its  conse- 
quences, 33;  loss  of  an  eye  by, 
38;  final  defeat  of,  at  Zama,  42; 
sets  sail  to  Carthage,  42 

Hanno,  23 

Hasdrubal,  favourable  reception  of, 
36;  invasion  of  Cisalpine  Gaul 
by  Hasdrubal  and  Mago,  36-44 ; 
defeat  and  death  of,  37 

Hecataeus,  49 

Hercules.  Pillars  of,    11,  15 


I90 


INDEX. 


Hesperides,  modem  gardens  of  the, 

.'75 
Himera,  battle  of,  15,  49 
Himilco,    Carthaginian    navigator, 

9 

Hirschfeld,    on    the    ^  ia    Aurelia, 

J  66 
Hirtius,  Aulus,  consul,  151 
Hirtuleius,    quaestor    of    Sertorius, 

124 
Histria,  war  in,  73 
Hyeres,  89 

Iberian  family,  the  Ligurians  a 
branch  of  the,  45 

Iberians,  possession  of  N.W.  Medi- 
terranean coast  line  by,  9;  non- 
resistance  by,  within  the  limits  of 
Gaul,  10 

Illiberis,  32 

Ilvates,  the,  48 

Ingauni,  the,  alliance  of  Mago 
with,  38;  conquest  of  the,  at 
Albium  Ingaunonim,  69-76  ; 
treachery  of,  73 

Insubres,  12,  19 

Intemelii,  co-operation  of  the,  with 
the  Ingauni,  72  ;  subjection  of 
the,  77 

Ireland,  change  of  language  in,  8 

Isere,  junction  of  the,  with  the 
Rhone,  25 ;  Hannibal's  passage 
of  the,  27,  28,  29 

Italy,  attempted  barbarian  invasion 
of,  86 

Jugurthine  war,  104 
Julia,  wife  of  Marius,  1 1 1 
Junonia,  colony  of,  84 

La  Croix  de  Garde,  180 

Laghet,  valley  of,  r  76 ;  monastery 
of,  177 

Laterensis,  senator,  suicide  of,  160 

La  Turbie,  pass,  58;  inscription  on 
the  monument  of,  80 

Laval,  plain  of,  180 

Lazarus,  first  legendaiy  Bp  of  Mar- 
seilles, 121 

Lentheric,  M.,  description  of  Tau- 
roentaby,  144;  on  the  Via  Aurelia, 
165,  166;  on  the  \'ia  Julia  Au- 
gusta, 171;  on  the  Via  Aurelia, 
176 

Lentinus,  Manlius,  out-generalled 
by  Catugnatus,  130 

Lentulus,  death  of,  129 

Lepidus,  M.  Aemilius,  the  elder, 
elected  consul,  122,  123;  pro- 
consul of  Provincia,    123;  defeat 


and  death  of,  123;  the  Triumvir, 
i6i;  letter  to  Cicero,  159;  meet- 
ing of  Antony  and,  on  the  river 
Argens,  156-162 

Lerici  and  Turbia,  coast  road  be- 
tween, 173 

Les  Baux,  bas-relief  of  the  "Tre 
Marie"  at,  121 

Les  Maures,  mountains  of,  87 

Lex  Pedia,  161 

Libica,  the  name  of  the  two  most 
westerly  mouths  of  the  Rhone, 
48 

Libui,  the,  48 

Ligures  capillati,  51,  52 

Ligures  tonsi,  51,  52 

Liguria,  early  distribution  of  races 
in,  I ;  traces  of  pre-historic  man 
in,  I ;  withdrawal  of  Hannibal  to, 
35;  invasion  of,  by  Hasdrubal 
and  Mago,  36-44;  Carthaginian 
attempt  to  create  diversion  in, 
37 ;  Eastern  campaigns  in,  5,7- 
68  ;  Transalpine,  conquest  of, 
77-88 

Ligurian,  the,  80  years'  war,  78 

Ligurian  oppida  in  Provence,  53 

Ligurians,  the,  45-56 ;  possession 
of  N.W.  Mediterranean  coast  line 
by,  9;  of  Western  Riviera,  inter- 
necine warfare  of,  38;  the  oldest 
family  in  Western  Europe,  45 ; 
two  kinds  of,  51 ;  nothing  known 
of  the  religious  obsen-ances  of, 
53;  defeat  by  Aemilius  Paulus, 
76 ;  identity  of  battle  cry  used  by 
Ambrones  and  Ligurians,  113 

"Lig^sticus,  Lacus,"  49 

"Ligustine"  city,  49 

Ligyes,  the,  48,  49 

Livia,  wife  of  Tib.  Claudius  Nero, 
and  afterwards  of  Augustus, 
mother  of  Emperor  Tiberius, 
149 

Livius,  M.,  prolongation  of  the 
"Imperium"  of,  40 

Livy's  date  as  to  appearance  of 
Celts  in  Italy  rejected,  11;  on 
Hannibal's  Passage,  29-31 ;  names 
preserved  by,  in  connection  with 
Hannibal's  march  from  the  Py- 
renees to  the  Alps,  32 

Longinus,  Cassius,  destruction  of 
the  army  of,   103 

Lucan,  Pharsalia,  Book  in.,  speci- 
men from  Rowe's  version  of  the 
sea-fight,  145,  146 

Lucretius,  Spurius,  prolongation  of 
"Imperium"  of,  40 

Lucterius,   136 


INDEX. 


191 


Lucus,  91 

Lumone,  Roman  Station  of,  175 

Luna,  an  Etruscan  city,  65 ;  colony 

of,  65,  66,  67 
Lyons,  Roman  colony  at,  134;  the 

Roman  capital  of  Gallia  Comata, 

162 

Magalus,  a  chief  of  the  Boii,  24 
Mago,  invasion  of  Cisalpine  Gaul 
by  Hasdrubal  and,  36-44 ;  at- 
tempt to  retrieve  Hannibal's  for- 
tunes by,  37 ;  swims  the  Po,  37  ; 
battle  at  the  Trebia  decided  by, 
37;  wounded,  41;  death  of,  42; 
Genoa  singled  out  for  attack  by, 
52  ;  abandonment  of  the  Ingauni 

by,  71 

Mallius,  L.,  proconsul  of  Provincia, 
123;  summoned  to  Spain,  ib.; 
defeat  there,  123,  124 

Mancinus,  C.  Hostilius,  consul,  158 

Manlius,  praetor,  26;  annihilation 
of  the  army  of,  by  the  Ambrones, 
104 

Mantua  defended  by  its  surround- 
ing marshes,    18 

Marcellus,  ambuscade  of,  115,  117 

Marcius,  L.,  consul,  63  ;  disaster  to 
the  army  of,  64 

Marengo,  battlefield  of,   155 

Maria,  association  of  the  name  of, 
with  Marius,   1 2 1 

Marian  faction,    122,   123 

Marius,  annihilation  of  the  Am- 
brones and  Teutones  by,  52  ; 
Italian  Ligurians  in  the  army  of, 
76;  confidence  of  the  people  in, 
104;  monument  to,  at  Glanum, 
107  ;  successes  of,  over  the  Am- 
brones and  Teutones,  11 4-1 17; 
fall  of,  117,  118;  triumphal 
monument  of,  118;  secret  letters 
of,  to  the  chiefs,  120;  Roman 
internecine  struggles  under  the 
leadership  of,  ib. ;  still  a  popular 
name  in  Provence,  ib. 

Marius  and  the  Cimbro-Teuton  in- 
vasion,  I 01- 108 

Martha,  a  Syrian  prophetess,  iii, 
121 

Martha,  association  of  the  name  of, 
with  Marius,    121 

Marseilles,  discovery  of  stone  tab- 
let at,  13;  foundation  of,  13,  14, 
15  ;  rapid  rise  of  commerce  of, 
15;  places  of  honour  reserved 
for  the  Massiliots  at  public  games 
in  Rome,  16;  commercial  pros- 
perity of,  due  to  the  Romans,  16; 


mutual  services  rendered  between 
Marseilles  and  Rome,  ib. ;  situa- 
tion of,  21;  foundation  of,  49 ; 
founding  of  '  Antipolis '  by  the 
Massiliots,  79;  governing  body 
of,  1 38,  139;  defeat  of  the  fleet 
of,  1 46;  siege  and  blockades  of, 
137-148;  violation  by  the  Mas- 
siliots of  the  armistice  granted  by 
the  Romans,  147;  surrender  of 
the  city,  148 

Massilia,  see  Marseilles 

Matienus,  C,  naval  force  under, 
73;  victory'  of,  76 

Maximus,  Quintus  Fabius,  consul, 
71,  92;  victory  of,  93;  triumph 
of,  95;  honours,  ib. 

'  Menhir '  near  Brignolles,  53 

Mercury,  statue  of  the  Arv'erne,  93 

Metaurus,  battle  of  the  river,  37 

Milan,  falls  into  the  hands  of  the 
Romans,  19 

Milestones,  177,  178,  179,  180,  181, 
182,   183,  184 

Milvian  bridge,  battle  at,  123;  ar- 
rest of  conspirators  at,   129 

Mistral,  the,    147 

Modena,  siege  of,  by  Marc  An- 
tony,  1 5 1 

Mommsen,  Th.,  on  Hannibal's  Pas- 
sage, 30 ;  on  the  Via  Aurelia, 
165;  composition  of  the  route 
from  Rome  to  the  Var,  172 

Monaco,  Greek  colony  from  Mas- 
silia,  15 

Moneglia  (Ad  Monilia),  70 

Montelimar,  25 

Miillenhof,    K.,    on    the   Ligurians, 

45-47 
Mutina,  colony  of,  44 
Mutina,  see  also  Modena 

Napoleon  L,  on  the  secret  of  Ro- 
man successes,   74 
Napoule  (Ad  Horrea),    181 
Narbo  Martius,  colony  of,   127 
Narbonensis,  Provincia,   59 
Narbonne,  Celtic  Emporium  at,  12  ; 
colonization  of,  84 ;   Roman   en- 
deavour to  secure  land  thorough- 
fare to,  99  ;  colony  at,  loi,  149 
Nasidius,  L.,  sent   to  the  relief  of 
the   Massiliots,    143,    144;    cow- 
ardice of  the  navy  of,  145,  146 
Nemetocenna  (Arras),  Caesar's  last 

winter  in  Gaul  spent  at,  136 
Nero,  Claudius,  consul,   37 
Nero,    Tiberius   Claudius,    sent   by 
Caesar  to  plant  colonies  in  Gaul, 
149 


192 


INDEX. 


Nicaea,  colony  at,  15,  79;  siege  of, 

ib. 
Nimes,  native  settlement  at,  33 
Numantia,  siege  and  capture  of,  50, 

84,  98 
Numatianus,  Rutilius,  on  his  return 

journey  from  Rome  to  Gaul,  173 
Numidians  attack  Scipio's  cavalry, 

23 

Octavianus,  claims  of,  150,  151  ", 
marches  into  Gallia  Cisalpina, 
151;  elected  consul,  160;  gets 
the  'Lex  Pedia'  passed,  161; 
appointed  Triumvir,  161 

Octavius,  Cnaeus,  capture  of  Mago's 
merchantmen  by,  39 

Olbia,  colony  at,   15 

Olympus,   Mt,   116 

Opimius,  Quintus,  consul,  80,  81 ; 
camp  of,  82  ;  campaign  of,  88  ; 
conquest  of  territory  by,  99 

Orange.  24,  25 

Orha,  river,   154,   155 

Orgon,    III,   112 

Orosius,  supposed  acquaintance  with 
the  lost  books  of  Livy  by,  60 

Oxybii,    the,    79,    80,   81,    83,    87, 


Pain  de  Munition,  55,  56,  114,  115 
Pansa,  Vibius,  consul,   151 
Papiria,    wife   of  Aemilius   Paulus, 

70  ;  divorce,    7 1 
Parma,  colony  of,  44 
Pedius,  Quintus,  consul,    160 
Perperna,    legate    of   M.    Lepidus, 

senior,  123 
Petreius,  137 
Peutinger,  Table  of,   13,    137,   154, 

163,   164,    174,   176,   184 
Philistus,  on  the  Ligurians,  48 
Phocaeans,   2 1 
Picenates,   156 
Pisa,  Roman  colonists  around,  51  ; 

Roman  milestone  in  the  Campo 

Santo   at,    bearing   the   name   of 

Via  Aemilia,   167 
Pisae,  60,  61 
Piso,  Calpumius,  insurrection  of  the 

AUobroges  quelled  by,   128 
Piso,   Lucius,   103 
Pitot,  J.  J.  A.,  "Recherches  sur  les 

AntiquitesDauphinoises,"i32, 133 
Placentia,    military   colony  planted 

at,  19,  10  ;  failure  of  Hannibal  to 

get   possession   of,    35 ;    siege   of 

the  fortress  of,  by  Hasdrubal,  37 ; 

Hamilcar    plans   seizure   of,    43; 

destruction  of,  by  Hamilcar,  43 ; 


recovery  of  its  position  as  Roman 
centre  in  Cisalpine  Gaul,  44 
Plancus,  L.   Munatius,  governor  of 
Gallia    Ulterior,    134;    letter    to 
Cicero,  158,  159,  183;  returns  to 
Grenoble,  160;  abandons  Cicero, 
ib. 
Po,  the,  swum  by  Mago,  37 
Po  valley,   Etruscans  driven    from, 
18;    Hasdrubal's  unexpected  ar- 
rival, 36 
Polcevere,  river  of  Genoa,   53 
Polybius,    incompetence    of,    as    a 
geographer,  27,  28;  Four  Passes 
of,  32 
Pompey,    opening    of    the   pass   of 
Mt  Genevre  by,   31;  crossing  of 
the  Cottian  Alps  by,  91  ;   repu- 
tation of,  124;  summoned  to  the 
rescue  of  Italy,  ib.\  letter  to  the 
Roman   Senate,    124,    125,    126; 
his  passage  across  the  Alps,  124, 

125 

Pomptinus,  C,  insurrection  of  the 
AUobroges  quelled  by,  128,  130; 
triumph  voted  for,  130,  131; 
final  subjugation  of  the  AUo- 
broges by,    133 

Pons  Argenteus,  160 

Pont  Flavien,  at  St  Chamas,  56 

Ponte  Lungo,  r74 

Porcius,  L.,  praetor,  36 

Porta  Aurelia,  165 

Porta  Decumana,  75 

Porta  Flaminia,  63 

Porta  Galhca,  88,  182 

Porta  Praetoria,  75 

Porta  Principalis,  75 

Porta  Romana,  181,  182 

Portus  Herculis  Monoeci  (Monaco), 
78 

Portus  Lunae,  67 

Poseidonius,  on  the  habits  of  the 
Ligurian  natives,  50 

Pourrieres,  defeat  of  the  Teutones 
near,  114-117;  relics  from  the 
battle  field,  118 

Procillus,  Caius  Valerius,  Roman 
franchise  conferred  on,  121 

Provence,  never  occupied  or  con- 
quered by  Gauls,  13  ;  Ligurian 
oppida  in,  53 

Provincia,  conquest  of,  97,  98,  99 ; 
misgovemment  of,  120;  coloniza- 
tion of,  121,  122;  its  situation, 
122  ;  Gallic  element  in,  127  ;  in 
relation  to  Caesar's  Gallic  and 
Civil  Wars,  132-139 

Provincia  Narbonensis,  administra- 
tion of,  162 


INDEX. 


193 


"Provincia  Romana,"  5 

Punic  War,  First,  16,  17;  Second, 

17.  36,  37;  Third,  84 
Punic  Wars,  11 
Puy  de  Dome,  93 

Quiliano,  153,  154 
Quintana,   153 

Raucillus,  friend  of  Caesar,  133 
Reclus,  E. ,  on  the  Ligurians,  45 
Red  Rocks,  cave  dwelHngs  of  the, 

175 
Reinach,  S.,  11 
Renan,  E.,  on  the  existence   of  a 

previous  Phoenician  settlement  at 

Marseilles,  14 
Reno,  river,  161 
Rhone,  the,  a  dividing  line  between 

the   Iberians  and  Ligurians,    10 ; 

difficult  navigation  of,  22  ;  cutting 

of  a  new  mouth  to  the,  106 
Rhone    valley,    Hannibal    in    the, 

17-26;  physical  features  of,  33; 

invasion  of,   by  the  Cimbri  and 

Teutones,  97 
Rigi-Culm,  125 
Riviera,   Italian,   Ligurians  of  the, 

'  Riviera  di  Levante,'  69 

Roman  Province,  the,  from  the 
victoiy  of  Marius  to  the  pro- 
consulship  of  Julius  Caesar,  119- 

131 

Romans,  allies  of  the  Massiliots, 
16;  defeat  of,  at  the  battle  of  the 
Allia,  18 

Romans  and  Ligurians,  first  fight- 
ing. 57 

Rome,  burning  of,  16,  18,  loi,  102; 
date  of  the  institution  of  a  stand- 
ing army  at,  105 

Roqueljrune,  88 

Roquemaure,  26 

Rossi,  G.,  Storia  de  Vintimiglia, 
175  note 

Ruscino,  township,  32 

Sabatii,  Roman  alliance  with  the, 
70 

St  Cassien,  hillock  of,   180 

St  Chamas,   56 

St  Charles,  hill  of,   140 

St  Maximin,    184 

St  Pierre  d'Albigny,  28,  30 

St  Roche,  chapel  of,   175 

Sainte  Victore,    Mt,  112,   115,   116 

Salamis,  battle  of,   14 

Sallust,  on  the  Passage  of  Hanni- 
bal, 31 


Salluvii,  the,  13,  49,  53,  79,  80,  86, 
87,  89,  97,  121 

Salyes,  the,  sec  Salluvii 

Savona,  Mago  withdraws  to,  38 

Scaurus,  Aemilius,  63,  152 

Scipio  Aemilianus,  50 

Scipio  Africanus,  rescue  of  Publius 
Scipio  by,  34 ;  final  defeat  of 
Hannibal  by,  42 

Scipio  Africanus,  the  younger,  siege 
and  capture  of  Numantia  by,  98 

Scipio,  Cnaeus,  sent  to  Spain  with 
army  by  Publius  Scipio,  26 

Scipio  Nasica,  final  subjugation  of 
the  Boii  by,  18;  ends  the  resist- 
ance of  the  Boii,  44;  cruelty  of,  ib. 

Scipio,  Publius  Cornelius,  consul, 
17,  18;  detaches  one  of  the 
legions  intended  for  Spain  to 
assist  the  Romans  in  Cisalpine 
Gaul,  20;  disembarks  at  the 
mouth  of  Marseilles,  21,  23  ; 
sails  to  Genoa,  26 

Scrivia,   the,   53 

Sembola,  Monte,   177 

Sempronius,  disaster  of  Marcius 
avenged  by,  64;  consul,  71 

Sempronius,  Tiberius,  consul,  17, 
18;  rashness  of,   34 

Sena  Gallica,  Roman  colony,   19 

Senones,  extermination  of,  from 
Roman  territory,    19 

Sertorius,  rebellion  of,  in  Spain,  97  ; 
Radical  faction  take  service  under, 
122;  suppliesto,  by  Perperna,  123; 
attempt  of,  to  cross  the  Alps 
frustrated  by  Pompey,  124 

Servile  War,  the,  117,  119,  120 

Sestri-Levante,  69 

Sezze,  commune  of,  154,  155 

Siagne,  river,  79 

Sicinius,  Cn.,  triumvir,  65 

Sigovesus,  Celts  under,  1 1 

Sikhs,  the,  compared  to  the  Ingauni, 
76 

Silanus,  M.  Junius,  defeat  of,  no 

Silures,  8,  9 

Spain,  Carthaginian  power  in,  17; 
Roman  endeavour  to  secure  land 
thoroughfare  to,  99 

Spezia,  harbour  of,  67 

Strabo,  Celts  and  Germans  are  of 
kindred  blood,  2 ;  divisions  of 
Gaul,  6 ;  comparison  of  Gauls 
and  Germans  by,  7;  former  ex- 
tension of  Iberia,  10;  extension  of 
the  over-lordship  of  the  Arvemi, 
12,  13;  on  the  Via  Aemilia,  167 

Strada  Romana,  168,  169,  174,  175 

Stura,  valley  of  the,  32 


H. 


13 


194 


INDEX. 


Sylla,  capture  of  Copillus  by,  104; 
Roman  internecine  struggles  un- 
der the  leadership  of,  120;  pro- 
scriptions of,  122;  death  of,  ib. 

Syrian  prophetess  in  the  army  of 
Marius,  iii 

Tauroenta,  battle  at,  144,  145 
Tauroentum,  Greek  colony  at,  15 
Tectosages,    the    ancestors    of   the 

Galatians,    7  note\    a   branch   of 

the  Volcae,  12 
Terillus,  tyrant  of  Himera,  11 
Teutomalius,  King  of  the  Salluvii, 

92,  95 

Teuton  priestesses,  iii 

Teutones,  use  of  caravans  by,  9;  an- 
nihilation of,  52,  114;  slaughter 
of,  85 ;  invasion  of  the  Rhone 
valley  by  the,  97 

Teutones  and  Ambrones,  prepara- 
tions of,  to  cross  the  Rhone,  no; 
encampment  of,  and  fight  vi^ith 
the  Romans,  112 

Thierry,  Amedee,  Histoire  des  Gau- 
lois,  I,  7 

Ticinus,  the,  cavalry  encounter  near, 

34.  37 
Tigurini,  Helvetian,  103 
Timaeus,  on  the  date  of  the  original 

settlement  of  Marseilles,  14 
Tortona,  see  Dertona 
Toulouse,  massacre  of  the  Roman 

garrison  at  Tolosa,  105;  outbreak 

of  the  Volcae  Tectosages  at,  120 
Tourves,  183 

Trajectus  Rhodani,  30,  97,  98 
Trasimene  Lake,  battle  of,  62 
Trebia,  victory  of  the  Carthaginians 

at  the,  34;  battle  at  the,  decided 

by  Mago,  37 
Trebonius,   Caius,   takes    over    the 

siege  operations  of  Marseilles  by 

land,    139;    volunteers   furnished 

by,  142 
Tricastini,  the,  32 
Triumvirate,  Octavianus,  M.  Anto- 

nius,  and  M.  Lepidus  appointed 

a,  161 
Tricorii,  the,  33 
Turbia,  monument  to  Augustus  at, 

162 
Turin  (Taurini),  descent  of  Hannibal 

on,  32 

Umbria,  Cisalpine  Gauls  in,  18 
Uvezes,  river,  91 

Uxellodunum,  siege  and  capture  of, 
136 


Var,  the,  79 

Vada  Sabata,  70,  82,  152,  153,  156, 
167,  174 

Vada  Volaterrana,  164,  165,  167 

Varro,  on  the  Passage  of  Hannibal, 
31;  Five  Passes  of,  32 

Varus,  Q.,  takes  up  the  command 
of  M.  Livius,  40 

Vediantii,  the,  80 

Veil,  spoil  of,  16 

Ventidius,  Antony's  lieutenant,  153; 
junction  of  the  army  of,  with  An- 
tony, 159 

Vercellae,  destruction  of  the  Cimbri 
at,  118 

Vercingetorix,  stmggle  of  the  Ar- 
verni  under,  96 ;  Caesar's  victory 
over,  119;  attack  on  Vienna  by, 
135 ;  defeated  by  Caesar,  135, 136; 
surrender,  136 

Via  Aemilia  Lepidi,  63,  168,  172 

Via  Aemilia  Scauri,  70,  152-156, 
168-170 

Via  Aurelia,  99,  100,  152,  163-185 

Via  Domitia,  96,  98,  99,  166,  184 

Via  Flaminia,  63,  129,  168,  172 

Via  Heraclea,  98 

Via  Julia  Augusta,  81,  170-177 

Via  Levata,  154,  155 

Via  Massiliensis,  179 

Via  Postumia,  53,  152,  173 

Via  Principalis,  75 

Via  Quintana,  75 

Via  Vintiana,  180 

Vienna,  native  settlement  at,  33 ; 
the  chief  settlement  of  the  Allo- 
broges,  ib.;  colony  at,  133;  im- 
portance of,  to  Caesar,  134;  de- 
scription of,  134,  135 

Vintimiglia,  77,  79,  88  note,  175  _ 

Villefranche,  78 

Vindalium,  Allobroges  defeated  at 
92 

Vocontii,  the,  32,  90,  91,  131 

Volcae  established  on  the  Mediter 
ranean   sea-board,  12;    clients  of 
the   Arverni,    13;   tribes   of  the 
recorded  in  Livy,  32 

Volcae  Arecomici,  90,  95 

Volcae  Tectosages,  rebellion  of  the; 
105,  120 

Wales,  population  of,  mainly  Iber 

ian,  8 
Welsh,  derivation  of  the  name,  12 
Waterloo,  116 

Zama,  defeat  of  Hannibal  at,  42 


CAMBRIDGE:     PRINTED   BY    J.    AND    C.    F.    CLAY,    AT    THE   UNIVERSITY    PRESS. 


SECTION   OF  TABT.E  of   PEVTl^G^Kfr/Zic^AD.JSfa) 

SHOWING    THE    ROMAN    POST-STATIONS   ON  THE  VI A  AURELI A  (COAST  ROAo)    AND    VIA    COTTIA    (MONT  GENEVRE)    BETWEEN   ARLES  AND  THE  ALPS . 


lA.jay 


lij^a-lpei^*'^^^^'^ 


« 


>,- 


A     000  573  055     i 


■/^  '  <^    / 


J 


^m 


j-fe-i- 


M 


