^^^ 


^^^^ 


^'^1>?  ^_^<i»r^'- 


'^^^i^V^^ 


i^ 


't('K  i=-r 


'f^' 


..-^r^:- 


'^::3it«rr^ 


vV.H\YW 
VAWUKKX. 


-A 


.  ■  .^  K\f 


■A'w^ 


^^^ 


\ 


Digitized  by  the  Internet  Archive 

in  2007  with  funding  from 

IVIicrosoft  Corporation 


http://www.archive.org/details/alpsofhannibal01lawwuoft 


THE   ALPS  OF  HANNIBAL. 

IN  TWO  VOLUMES. 


J 


THE    ALPS 


OF 


HANNIBAL. 


T?Y 


WILLIAM    JOHN    LAW,    M.A. 

FORMERLY   STUDENT    OF    CHRIST    CHURCH, 
OXFORD. 


IN  TWO  VOLUMES.  V    .   ,       - 


VOL   T. 


MACMILLAN     AND     CO. 

1866. 


\^The  liiyht  of  Trandation  and  Rf.prodiiHIon  is  reserved.] 


\:l    ' 


/ 


LONDON : 

R     CLAY,   SON,    AND  TAYLOR,    PRIKTERi^, 

BBKAD  STREET  HILL. 


THESE   PAGES   ARE   INSCRIBED 

TO   THE   MEMORY   OF 

MY    REVERED    GRANDFATHERS, 

EDMUND   LAW,    BISHOP    OF   CARLISLE, 

AND 

WILLIAM   MARKHAM,    ARCHBISHOP   OF   YORK  ; 

MEN  OF  LEARNING  AND  PIETY, 

AND    SINCERE    LOVERS    OF    TRUTH. 

W.  J.  L. 


\ 


PEEPACE. 


Some  apology  will  be  expected  for  treating  at  large 
tliis  very  old  topic  of  dissension.  A  few  facts  must 
plead  my  excuse.  At  the  end  of  July,  1854,  I  was 
sent  for  health  to  Aix-les-Bains,  in  Savoy;  and  I 
took  with  me  Mr.  Ellis's  "  Treatise  on  Hannibal's 
Passage  of  the  Alps,"  then  lately  issued  from  the 
Cambridge  University  press,  a  work  in  which  the 
march  is  carried  over  the  Little  Mont  Cenis. 
At  Aix  I  met  with  another  new  work  by  a  savant 
of  that  country,  who  launches  the  invaders  into 
Italy  from  the  Col  de  la  Seigne.  A  further  circum- 
stance presently  kindled  my  interest  in  a  subject 
which  had  been  familiar  to  me :  that  an  indication 
of  one  reputed  track  was  in  sight  from  the  garden 
of  my  house.  I  borrowed  from  my  physician  the 
volumes  of  De  Saussure,  to  help  me  in  my  Prench 


viii  Freface. 

and  in  my  Alps,  and  amused  myself  during  August 
with  some  comments,  which  I  printed  at  Cham- 
b^ry,  on  the  speculations  of  M.  Replat. 

I  left  Aix  on  the  17th  September  with  renewed 
impulse  to  a  favourite  theme,  proposing  for  my 
daughter  and  myself  a  week's  absence  from  my 
family,  that  we  might  cross  the  Little  St.  Bernard 
and  return  by  the  Col  de  la  Seigne  and  the  valley 
of  Beaufort.  The  result  was  calamitous  :  I  made 
my  first  and  last  descent  into  Italy  in  a  state  of 
serious  illness :  for  nine  weeks  I  lay  within 
gunshot  of  the  great  precipice,  without  a  hope  of 
contemplating  it.  To  avoid  being  snowed  up 
for  the  winter  at  Courmayeur,  I  was  at  last  moved 
slowly  down  the  valley  to  seek  a  more  favouring 
climate.  So  began  and  so  ended  the  chance  of 
contributing  by  personal  investigation  to  a  know- 
ledge of  the  disputed  track. 

In  my  progress  to  convalescence  at  Nice,  I  found 
myself  without  employment ;  and  a  resource  offered 
itself  in  the  examination  of  Mr.  Ellis's  theory. 
I  weighed  its  merits,  and  sifted  them  as  well  as  I 
could  under  the  circumstances ;  and  on  my  return 
to  England  in  April,  immediately  published  the 
results.      In  1856  Mr.  Ellis  defended  himself  in 


JBreface.  ix 

two  numbers  of  the  *'  Cambridge  Journal  of 
Classical  and  Sacred  Philology;"  and  I  replied 
promptly  to  each  through  the  same  channel. 
That  warfare  was  to  be  excused ;  I  was  only 
criticising  a  new  theory.  If  now  I  maintain  a 
theory  myself,  and  strive  to  overthrow  all  the 
rest,  it  may  be  asked,  why  further  stir  this  worn- 
out  controversy ;  has  not  too  much  been  said 
already  ? 

That  sentiment  would  accord  with  a  remark  made 
by  the  last  English  writer  of  eminence  who  has 
touched  the  subject.  Dr.  Liddell  says,  "  The  con- 
'*  trover sy  will  probably  last  for  ever :  the  data 
*'  seem  insufficient  to  enable  us  to  form  a  positive 
"  judgment."  This  feeling  of  despair  may  be  alle- 
viated if  the  inquiry  shall  enable  us  to  account  for 
the  failure  of  a  few  marked  men,  whom  the  world 
would  have  expected  to  command  assent  on  the 
question.  Such  were  D'Anville  and  Gibbon.  But 
improvement  has  been  slow,  and  error  obstinate. 
Many  a  year  has  passed  since  the  very  learned 
Thirlwall,  reviewing  the  efforts  of  a  distinguished 
commentator,  spoke  of  "  the  enormous  mass  of 
"  literature  which  has  been  already  piled  upon 
*'  this  theme."      Mass,  indeed,  there  is ;  but  it  is 


X  Preface. 

accounted  for  in  the  remark  of  Niebuhr,  "that 
"  even  ingenious  and  learned  men  have  opposed  the 
"  most  palpable  evidence.''  The  theme  is  not  worn 
out:  men  of  learning  continue  to  embarrass  truth 
in  their  professions  to  illustrate  it :  popular  and 
plausible  arguments  hold  their  credit,  because  un- 
answered ;  and  reputed  difficulties  are  looked  upon 
with  dismay,  as  if  they  were  real  ones.  The  sub- 
ject is  not  exhausted,  and  the  fact  that  it  has 
been  worked  so  much  is  the  best  proof  that  it 
needs  to  be  worked  more. 

When  one  comes  to  interfere  in  a  dispute  which 
has  lasted  so  long,  the  great  discouragement  is,  that 
a  fit  treatment  of  it  threatens  to  be  too  copious 
for  the  patience  of  a  reader :  and  I  expect  censure 
for  my  p:colixity.  But  who  can  have  the  vanity  to 
hope  that  inveterate  error  may  be  exterminated 
with  a  few  pages?  Heresies  must  be  attacked 
which  took  root  in  the  first  days  of  the  Roman 
empire,  which  have  been  cultivated  in  various  forms 
to  the  present  time;  nourished  by  men  who  have 
adorned  the  literature  of  modern  Europe.  Pew 
there  are  who  take  pains  to  scrutinise  what  is 
plausible,  or  to  sift  what  is  obscure.  The  laborious 
effort    of    novelty,    which    I    have    mentioned   as 


Freface.  xi 

inviting  me  to    the   combat,  has  succeeded,   as  I 
know,  in  unsettling  the  faith  of  able  minds. 

In  meeting  with  the  strange  contrivances  offered 
for  solving  this  question,  one  is  a.pt  to  pause  and 
say,  '*  Must  we  consume  time  in  combating  such  a 
notion  as  this  ?  "  But,  if  the  notion  which  suggests 
the  scruple  should  be  countenanced  by  men  like 
Schweighseuser,  or  Gossellin,  or  Letronne,  or  Arnold, 
or  Ukert,  there  is  no  alternative :  the  unresisted 
sanction  of  such  names  governs  the  opinion  of  the 
world:  and,  though  an  error  may  in  itself  seem 
unworthy  of  refutation,  the  friend  of  truth  cannot 
leave  it  unassailed.  In  this  controversy  there  is 
nothing  so  extravagant  that  you  may  pass  it  by : 
the  most  perverse  fancies  are  found  in  writers  of 
formidable  reputation.  All  obstacles  then  must  be 
encountered :  we  dare  not  despise  what  the  world 
esteems :  the  consequence  is,  that  the  subject  must 
not  be  treated  shortly,  if  it  is  to  be  treated  safely. 

Fortunately  those  very  circumstances  make  the 
pursuit  of  it  exceedingly  entertaining.  The  strange- 
ness of  conceptions,  whether  in  history,  geography, 
logic,  or  grammar,  which  offer  themselves  to  notice, 
provoke  a  never-ceasing  interest,  and  entice  you  by 
degrees  into  the  full  current  of  the  dispute.     Such 


xii  Treface. 

has  been  my  fate :  and  I  offer,  though  not  ripened 
as  it  should  be,  the  fruit  of  my  temptation.  I  have 
endeavoured  to  perceive  the  drift  of  each  hostile 
argument :  and,  dealing  freely  with  the  opinions  of 
others,  may  be  thought  not  to  bespeak  indulgence 
for  my  own.  But,  in  truth,  I  bespeak  it  earnestly. 
An  old  man,  returning  to  Greek  after  long  absence, 
cannot  possibly  be  exempt  from  error;  and  when 
he  finds,  in  the  great  names  he  has  to  deal  with, 
none  that  he  can  in  all  points  follow,  he  constantly 
has  to  apprehend  error  in  himself.  The  danger  is 
felt  and  acknowledged :  but  the  fear  of  it  will 
not  deter  from  the  utterance  of  thoughts  honestly 
entertained.  Whilst,  among  the  varieties  and 
complications  of  our  subject,  we  are  differing  from 
those  whom  we  greatly  respect,  in  the  process 
which  discloses  the  errors  of  such  men,  we 
become  convinced  of  the  fallibility  of  all,  and  most 
conscious  of  the  indulgence  needed  for  ourselves. 


CONTENTS  OF  VOLUME  ONE. 


PART  I. 

THE   CONTROVERSY. 

PAGE 

Chap.  I.  —  The  Controversy  :   Progress  and  State  of  it      .     .     .        1 
Chap.  II. — The  Subject  proposed,  and  Method  of  treating  it .     .       8 

PART  11. 

ON    THE    AUTHORITY    OF    POLYBIUS. 

Chap.  I. — His  Journey  through  the  Alps 15 

Chap.  II. — Strictures  of  Dr.  Ukert.      Italy  and  the  Alps.     The 

Rhone.     Direction  of  the  March .     23 

Chap.  III. — The  Polybian  Map  of  M.  Gossellin.     His  reference 

to  Pliny  for  confirming  it.      His  Theory  on  the  Stade      ,     .     38 

Chap.  IV. — On  the  Stade  of  Polybius,  and  his  Distances  .     .     .48 

PART  III. 

POLYBIUS  INTERPRETED.   PASSAGE  OF  THE  RHONE. 

Chap.  I. — Introduction.  .  Division  of  the  March.  Three  points 
to  be  fixed :  the  Passage  of  the  Rhone ;  the  beginning  of 
Alps ;  the  exit  into  the  Plain 5o 


xiv  Contents. 

PA<!K 

Chap.  II. — Passage  of  the  Klione  near  Eoquemaiire  indicated 
by  the  distance  from  the  Sea  ;  bj  the  distance  from  the 
Island  ;  by  the  single  Stream 58 

Chap.  III. — Theory  of  Tarascon.  Argument  of  Dr.  Ukert. 
Distance  from  the  Sea.  Distance  from  the  Island.  Eoman 
measurements  in  Gaul  and  Spain.  Roads  in  Gaul.  Policy 
of  Hannibal.  Vessels  used  in  the  Crossing.  March  of 
Scipio 65 

Chap.  IV. — Tarascon  Theory.  Arguments  of  H.  L.  Long. 
Distance  from  the  Sea.  Distance  from  Emporium.  The 
single  Stream.     Strabo  and  the  Theodosian  Tabic  ....     93 


PART  IV. 

POLYBIUS  INTERPRETED.   THE  BEGINNING  OF  ALPS. 

Chap.  I. — The  march  of  1,400  stadia  may  be  taken  in  two  parts  : 
1.  To  the  Isere,  2.  To  the  beginning  of  Alps.  Hannibal, 
crossing  the  Isere,  went  forward.  Most  critics  make  him 
recross  the  Isdre  and  then  seek  the  Alps.  Five  incidents 
mark  the  progress  to  the  Alps  :  ten  days  ;  800  stadia  ; 
along  the  river ;  country  for  cavalry  ;  country  of  the  Allo- 
broges 101 

Chap.   II. — The    Mont   du    Chat   fulfils    all   the   requisites    of 

Polybius 105 

Chap.  III. — Adverse  Theories  on  the  beginning  of  Alps.     Two 
by  which  Hannibal  marches  forward  in  the  Island.     Mr. 
Whitaker,  going  through  Geneva,  finds  the  Alps  at  Martigny. 
Mr.  H.  L.  Long,  going  through  Grenoble,  finds  them  at  Fort 
Barraux 142 

Chap.  IV. — Theories  of  tracks  south  of  Isere 164 


Contcnfa.  XV' 

rART  V. 

THE    MOUNTAIN    MARCH.       ASCENT. 

PA(;K 

Chap.  I. — Some  tlieories  arc  not  worked  out  beyond  tlioir  first 
Alps.  Those  of  tlie  Cenis  are  laboured  throughout  their 
1,200  stidia.  Termini  and  distance.  Bv  the  Little  St. 
Bernard.  By  the  Cenis.  By  the  Little  Cenis.  The  events 
of  each  of  the  fifteen  days 185 

Chap.  II. — Ascent  to  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  The  forcing  of  the 
Mont  du  Chat,  and  occupation  of  Allobrogian  town.  Army 
rests  there  one  day.  Oil  four.'h  day  of  marcliing  from 
the  town,  conference  with  natives,  who  attend  them  for  two 
days.  Bourg  St.  Maurice  and  environs.  The  Reclus. 
Ravine  and  Roche  Blanche.  Modern  evidence.  Melville. 
Brockedon.  Arnold.  Character  of  conflict.  Summit 
reached  on  the  morrow,  being  the  ninth  day  of  Alps  .     .      .193 

Chap.  III. — Ascent  to  the  Mont  Cenis.     Larauza.     Ihe  Nine 

Days.     Defile  and  XevKOTrerpov 215 

Chap.  IV. — Ascent  to  the  Little  Mont  Cenis.  Mr.  Ellis  and 
the  Rock  of  Baune.  The  Combat.  iMasion  of  the  Text. 
Summaries.  How  Mr.  Ellis  shortens  the  reckonino-  of  time. 
Two  days.  Two  days  more.  His  final  argument  for 
Baune.     His  progress  from  the  Battle  to  the  Summit     .     .  225 

PART  VI. 

the  mountain  maech.     summit. 

Cha]'.  I. — Hannibal  encamps  on  the  Summit  for  Two  Days. 
He  calls  his  Troops  together  and  addresses  them.  Evidence 
of  Italy :  miscalled  view.  The  Text  considered.  The  fol- 
lowing day  he  begins  the  descent 251 

Chap.  II.  —No  practicable  Summit  gives  a  View  of  Italy.  It  is 
claimed  for  Monte  Vise,  by  St.  Simon  and  the  Anonymous 
of  Cambridge  1830  :  for  Balbotet,  by  Folard,  who  is  followed 
by  A^audoncourt  and  Bande  de  Lavalette :  for  the  Cenis,  by 
Xarauza,  the  writer  in  Blachvood's  Magazine,  and  Mr.  Ellis  259 


xr'i  ConfenM 

PART  VIT. 

THE    MOUNTAIN    MARCH.        DESCENT. 


FAQS 


Chap.  I. — Descent  from  the  Little  St.  BeniarJ.  The  disaster 
oi  the  first  Jay  requires  particular  examination  of  circum- 
stances told.  The  same  phenomena  still  occur  in  the  ravine 
below  La  Tuile.  Arguments  on  the  Descent  from  the  Cenis. 
Larauza.  Writer  in  Blackwood's  Magazine,  June,  1845. 
Mr.  Ellis    ....;.. 270 

Chap.  IL — Hannibal,  having-  completed  the  passage  of  the  Alps 
in  Fifteen  Days,  came  down  boldly  into  the  plain  of  the  Po, 
and  the  nation  of  Insubres.     c.  56     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .   299 

Chap.  IIL — On  the  Time  employed  in  Descent.  Many,  and 
among  them  the  Oxford  Dissertation,  differ  from  De  Luc, 
who  supports  Polybius.  Dr.  Arnold  on  the  Snow-line. 
His  scruples  on  the  Salassi 308 

Chap.  IV. — On  Passes  between  Little  St.  Bernard  and  the  Cenis. 

Brockedon.     Albanis  Beaumont 327 


Map  of  the  Alps To  face  page       1 


ERRATA. 

Page  71,  Hue  2'^,  for  "equaj"  read  "aqua)." 

„  93,  „      3, /or  "agreement"  rmt/ "argument." 

„  118,  „  18,  for  "nom"  read  "  uomme." 

„  122,  „  33,  for  "  equivocal "  read  "  equivalent." 

„  156,  „  29, /or  "marching"  rmcZ  "reaching." 

„  158,  „  10,  ''from  Valeuce"  to  be  omitted. 

„  221,  „  14, /or  "hushing"  rertt^  "has^hing." 

„  304,  „     2,  for  "  but"  read  "  best." 

„  319,  „  24, /or  "Vin"  rm(?"Viu." 


THE    ALPS    OF    HANNIBAL. 

PART  1. 
THE    CONTROVERSY. 


CHAPTER  I. 

The  Controversy :  Progress  and  StaU  of  it. 

Seven  cities  contended  to  be  the  birtli-place  of  Homer.  As 
many  mountains  contend  to  be  the  Alps  of  Hannibal.  Great 
and  good  men  have  toiled  to  fix  the  death-hour  of  Alexander, 
and  the  landing-spot  of  Caesar  in  Britain.  There  are  who 
hold  such  labours  to  be  vain  and  unprofitable  :  and  it  is  true 
that,  in  the  variety  of  objects  which  provoke  curiosity  and 
research,  the  interest  which  they  excite  is  not  regulated  by 
their  importance.  But  the  value  of  the  thing  pursued  is  alone 
not  a  test  of  the  merit  of  the  pursuit :  the  scrutiny  of  a  ques- 
tion which  it  hardly  imports  us  to  solve  may  nevertheless  be 
deserving  of  praise :  an  examination  of  evidence,  as  in  the 
case  before  us,  can  vindicate  an  interest  far  surpassing  that  of 
the  thing  to  be  proved ;  and  it  is  enough  to  say,  that  a  subject 
which  has  engaged  Letronne  and  Ukert  and  Arnold,  bespeaks 
itself  worthy  to  be  explored.  When  we  regard  the  various 
matters  which  such  inquiries  will  embrace,  we  make  better 
estimate  of  their  value  ;  and  see  danger  in  a  doctrine  which, 
condenming  them  as  useless,  would  confine  our  exercise  of 

B 


2.  The  Controversy :  [pabt  i. 

thinking  to  the  exigencies  of  the  passing  day.  Efforts  of 
retrospect,  even  such  as  these,  are  conducive  to  the  interests 
of  society. 

But  in  our  subject  is  there  need  of  effort?  Eemains  there 
a  question  to  discuss  ?  Has  not  error  been  removed ;  and  the 
evidence  of  truth  been  submitted  to  and  confessed  ?  There  is 
no  such  acquiescence.  The  lamented  Arnold,  whose  loss  we 
cease  not  to  deplore,  studied  the  subject  among  the  Alps 
themselves :  in  1825  he  was  on  the  spot  with  Polybius  in 
hand;  in  1835  he  wrote,  "I  have  been  working  at  Hannibal's 
passage  of  the  Alps  : "  zealous  in  the  tracing  of  military  move- 
ments, he  hardly  reached  a  firm  opinion  on  this  subject,  and 
to  the  last  declared  Polybius  an  unintelligible  guide.  Letronne 
and  Ukert  are  among  the  later  lights  on  geography  and  history ; 
one  invites  us  to  the  Gen^vre,  the  other  to  the  Cenis  :  while 
Arneth,  director  of  the  Museum  at  Vienna,  has  taught  that 
the  Carthaginians  descended  from  the  Simplon.  So  late  as 
1851,  a  savant  of  Savoy  discovered  their  track  through  the 
Allee  Blanche,  hailing  Mont  Blanc  as  the  XevKOTrerpov ;  and 
Mr.  Ellis  in  1854  proclaims  the  Kock  of  Baune  as  the 
representative  of  that  landmark,  and  the  little  Mont  Cenis  as 
laid  down  in  the  Chart  of  Pentinger.  So  long  as  there  are 
such  doubts  and  such  difficulties  among  learned  men,  the 
question  is  not  closed;  truth  is  not  established;  search  is 
still  reasonable :  nee  modus  est  ullus  investigandi  veri,  nisi 
inveneris. 

Progress  and  State  of  the  Controversy. 

More  than  eighteen  hundred  years  ago,  Livy  brought 
forward  the  course  of  Hannibal  as  a  matter  of  controversy : 
and  it  is  controverted  to  this  day.  In  our  own  times  books 
and  pamphlets  innumerable  have  been  written  upon  it, 
exhibiting  various  degrees  of  labour  and  merit.  The  subject 
indeed  has  been  agitated  from  time  to  time  for  the  last  three 


CHAP.  I.  J  Progress  and  State  of  it.  Z 

hundred  years,  in  works  which  the  cunous  who  have  leisure 
may  explore.  A  considerable  list  is  given  with  Dr.  Ukert's 
Dissertation,  in  his  second  volume,  Part  IT.  p.  563  ;  and  many 
are  enumerated  in  a  preface  to  the  work  of  M.  le  Comte  de 
Fortia  d'Urban,  1821. 

The  earliest  of  modern  authors,  whose  opinion  I  can  quote, 
is  Mr.  Breval,  Fellow  of  Trinity  College,  Cambridge.  In  his 
Travels,  published  1726,*  he  named  the  Little  St.  Bernard  as 
the  Pass  of  Hannibal.  But,  though  he  saw  some  essential 
points  correctly,  his  suffrage  is  of  no  value ;  for,  referring  to 
Polybius,  he  says  that  Hannibal  passed  the  Phone  at  Lyons. 
Then,  doubting  whether  the  site  of  that  city  between  the 
Saone  and  the  Phone  could  represent  the  district  called  the 
Island,  he  finds  relief  in  the  work  of  Menetrier,  the  historian 
of  Lyons,  whose  antiquarian  researches  had  brought  him 
acquainted  with  an  old  canal  cut  from  one  river  to  the  other 
— which,  says  Mr.  Breval,  "  makes  the  third  side  of  an  island 
in  every  respect  like  that  described  by  Polybius  ! " 

Soon  after  Mr.  Breval's  short  notice  of  the  matter,  the 
voluminous  and  wearisome  commentaries  of  the  Chevalier 
Folard  appeared,  encumbering  the  translation  of  Polybius  by 
Dom  Vincent  Thuillier,  which  is  in  six  quarto  volumes ;  our 
subject  occurring  in  the  fourth,  published  in  1728. 

D'Anville's  notions  were,  I  believe,  first  shown  in  a  map 
which  he  published  in  1739  to  illustrate  the  march  of 
Hannibal.  I  saw  it  for  the  first  time  on  the  31st  December, 
1863,  at  the  British  Museum :  it  is  entirely  founded  on  his 
apprehension  of  Livy,  and  there  is  nothing  in  correction  of  it 
in  his  "Ancienne  Gaule,"  published  1760.  The  labour  of 
interpreting  Polybius  does  not  appear  to  have  been  undertaken 
by  him,  nor  the  necessity  of  such  a  task  recognised.     The 

*  "  Eemarks  on  several  parts  of  Europe,"  2  vols,  by  J.  Breval, 
Esq.  late  Fellow  of  Trinity  College,  Cambridge.  Vol.  I.  228,  and 
Vol.  II.  2. 

B  2 


4  The  Controversy :  [part  i. 

remarks  of  Gibbon  on  the  subject  of  our  inquiry,  which  he 
states  to  be  the  result  of  his  reading  and  careful  reflection, 
are  dated  1763  :  they  appear  in  his  miscellaneous  works,  pub- 
lished since  his  death,  (Vol.  iv.  pp.  355,  418).  No  man  could 
be  better  qualified  to  solve  such  a  question :  he  possessed 
every  advantage ;  nevertheless  he  made  a  poor  business  of  it, 
and  is  without  excuse  for  his  abandonment  of  the  question. 

It  was  some  years  later  that  General  Melville,  on  an  in- 
vestigation of  the  Alps  made  in  1775,  came  to  a  conclusion 
in  favour  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  He  did  not  publish  his 
views  on  the  subject,  nor  were  they  ever  placed  before  the 
public  till  forty-three  years  after  that  date.  It  appears  that 
Mr,  Hampton,  a  translator  of  Polybius,  must  have  already  held 
the  same  opinion  on  the  track  ;  for  there  was  a  third  edition 
of  his  work,  published  in  1772,  containing  a  map,  where  the 
march  is  traced  in  the  very  line  which  General  Melville 
conceived.  The  author  calls  it  "A  map  for  the  expedition  of 
Annibal,  engraved,  with  some  difference  in  the  route,  from  the 
map  of  Mr.  DAnville." 

In  1794  came  forth  an  elaborate  work  in  favour  of  the 
Great  St.  Bernard,  which  exhibits,  for  some  purpose  or  other, 
almost  every  old  text  that  is  applicable  to  the  question. 
"  The  Course  of  Hannibal  over  the  Alps  Ascertained.  By 
John  Whitaker,  B.D.  Eector  of  Euan  Lanyhorne,  Cornwall." 
2  vols.  8vo.  And  in  1812  was  produced  the  work  of  General 
Vaudon  court,  "  Histoire  des  Campagnes  d' Annibal  en  Italie. 
Par  Frederic  Guillaume,  General  de  Brigade,"  3  tomes  4to. 
Milan.  I  conceive  that  neither  D'Anville  in  1760,  nor 
Vaudoncourt  in  1812,  were  aware  of  the  rival  pretensions  of 
the  Little  St.  Bernard ;  but  the  intermediate  writer  knew 
them  well.  Mr.  Whitaker  had  the  advantage  of  General 
Melville's  notes ;  but  he  did  not  condescend  to  be  a  copier  ; 
his  taste  was  to  be  original,  and  he  took  no  benefit  from  the 
assistance. 


CHAP.  I.]  Progress  and  State  of  it.  5 

Fortunately  the  General  imparted  his  notes  also  to  M.  De 
Luc,  of  Geneva,  who  in  1818  laid  the  matter  of  them  before 
the  world  in  a  very  able  and  convincing  manner.  "  Histoire 
du  Passage  des  Alpes  par  Annibal.  Par  Jean  Andr(^  De  Luc. 
Geneve,  1818."  There  was  a  second  edition  in  1825.  This 
writer  also  made  a  correction  of  General  Melville's  line, 
which  is  of  the  utmost  importance,  and  essential  to  a  just 
view  of  the  subject.  General  Melville  fixed  the  main  pass  of 
Alps.     De  Luc  cleared  the  way  for  arriving  at  it. 

From  the  time  when  M.  De  Luc's  work  appeared,  this  old 
controversy  has  been  pushed  with  vigour  :  the  learned  in 
Germany  and  France,  not  without  auxiliaries  in  England, 
have  carried  on  a  lively  hostility  against  the  Graian  Alp,  or 
Little  St.  Bernard.  M.  De  Luc  was  first  attacked  by  M, 
Letronne,  in  the  "Journal  des  Savans,"  Janvier,  1819;  and 
the  same  publication,  in  the  following  December,  contained 
an  answer  from  M.  De  Luc,  with  M.  Letronne's  reply  to  it. 
The  theory  was  supported  in  1820  by  the  Dissertation  of  my 
friends  Wickham  and  Cramer,*  who  first  came  forth  anony- 
mously as  "a  member  of  the  University  of  Oxford,"  and 
published  a  second  edition  in  1828.  Their  Dissertation  ably 
elucidated  the  subject  on  many  points,  though  in  one  matter 
I  consider  them  to  struggle  against  the  juster  interpretation 
of  De  Luc. 

These  are  the  two  works  which,  in  my  opinion,  support  the 
truth.  And  yet,  great  as  is  their  merit,  adverse  hypotheses 
have  been  insisted  upon  more  strenuously  than  ever.  That 
which,  with  these  two  works,- 1  shall  acknowledge  as  the  line 
of  march  described  by  Polybius,  is  not  advocated  in  any  work 
since  published  on  this  particular  subject ;  and  our  construc- 

*  Henry  Lewis  Wickham,  Esq.  late  Chairman  of  the  Board  of 
Stamps  and  Taxes;  and  the  Key.  John  Antony  Cramer,  late  Dean 
of  Carlisle,  and  Professor  of  Modern  History  in  the  University  of 
Oxford. 


5  The  Controversy :  [paet  I. 

tion  of  his  text  on  the  progress  to  the  first  Alps,  which  is 
perhaps  the  clearest  point  of  any  that  are  litigated,  has  been 
blinked  by  all  other  writers,  without  exception.  I  know  not 
how  numerous  the  hostile  list  may  be.  I  have  myself  met 
with  the  following  : — 

Criticism  by  M.  Letronne.  Journal  des  Savans.    Janvier 
1819.     P.  22. 
Do.  do.  Decembre,  1819.     P.  783. 

Dissertation  sur  le  Passage  du  Ehone  et  des  Alpes  par 
Annibal.  Par  M.  le  Comte  de  Portia  d'Urban. 
Paris,  1821. 
Hannibal's  Zug  liber  die  Alpen :  in  the  Jahrbticher  der 
Literatur  for  July,  August,  September,  1823.  By 
Arneth,  Director  of  the  Museum,  Vienna. 
Histoire  Critique  du  Passage   des  Alpes  par  Annibal. 

Par  feu  M.  J.  L.  Larauza.    Paris,  1826. 
Hannibal's  Passage  of  the  Alps.     By  a  Member  of  the 

University  of  Cambridge.     London,  1830. 
The  March  of  Hannibal  from  the  Ehone  to  the  Alps. 
By  Henry  Lawes  Long,  Esq.    London,  1831  (Author 
of  "A  Survey  of  the  Early  Geography  of  Western 
Europe,"  1859). 
Hannibal's  Zug  iiber  die  Alpen.     By  Dr.  Fr.  A.  Ukert. 
In  the  Second  Part  of  Second  Volume  of  his  work, 
GeogTaphie  der  GrechenundEomer,  p.  559.  Weimar, 
1832. 
Notice  sur  le  Passage  des  Alpes  par  Annibal,  ou  Com- 
'     mentaires  du  recit  qu'en  ont  fait  Polybe  et  Tite- 
Live.     Par  le  General  St.  Cyr  Nugues.     1837. 
Edcherches  sur  1 'Histoire  du  Passage  d' Annibal  d'Espagne 
en  Italic,  a  travers  les  Alpes.     Par  M.  Baude  de 
Lavalette.     Montpellier,  1838. 
Gc^Qgraphie   Ancienne   des   Gaules.     Par   M.   le   Baron 
Walckenaer.     Paris,  1839. 


CHAP.  I.]  Progress  and  State  of  it  7 

Note  sur  le  Passage  d'Annibal.  Par  Jacques  Eeplat, 
Chamb^ry,  1851. 

A  Treatise  on  Hannibal's  Passage  of  the  Alps,  in  which 
his  Eoute  is  traced  over  the  Little  Mont  Cenis. 
By  Robert  Ellis,  B.D.,  Fellow  of  St.  John's  College, 
Cambridge,  1854. 

Two  papers  by  the  same  author.  Journal  of  Classical 
and  Sacred  Philology.  Vols.  II.  and  III.  Cam- 
bridge, 1856. 

All  these  writers  disclaim  the  scheme  of  march,  as  corrected 
by  De  Luc  and  the  Oxford  Dissertation,  from  the  mouth  of  the 
Isere  into  Italy :  for  the  partial  acquiescence  of  my  friend, 
H.*L.  Long,  is  not  more  acceptable  to  the  truth  of  history 
than  the  full  defiance  of  the  rest.  In  this  list  of  adversaries 
there  is  much  of  literary  reputation,  and  in  their  zealous 
labours  much  that  calls  for  a  reply.  Among  them  is  an 
author  of  celebrity,  enjoying  the  high  commendation  of  one 
whose  praise  is  strength.  In  an  admirable  work,  unhappily  not 
long  continued,  the  "  Philological  Museum,"  the  very  learned 
Dr.  Thirlwall,  reviewing,  in  1833,  the  Dissertation  of  Dr. 
Ukert,  pronounces  a  deliberate  eulogium  on  him  as  a  geogra- 
pher and  a  man  of  learning  :  and  this  is  an  antagonist  whom 
I  resist  throughout.  He  is  the  champion  too  of  the  new 
doctrine — that  the  invaders  crossed  the  Rhone  at  or  near 
Tarascon  ;  which  is  a  matter  of  importance,  in  that  it  affects 
the  construction  of  the  Greek  narrative  from_  one  end  of  the 
controverted  line  to  the  other.  The  sceptics  on  this  head 
have  appeared  only  since  the  last  edition  of  the  Oxford  Dis- 
sertation ;  and  they  remain  unanswered. 

These  persevering '  hostilities,  to  which  let  me  add  the 
gravely-expressed  doubts  of  Dr.  Arnold,  ma}^  give  excuse  to 
the  present  attempt.  In  making  the  attempt,  I  abstain  from 
the  formula  with  which  some  modern  commentators  wind  up 


8  The  Controversy.  [part  i. 

their  preface.  Seventy-two  years  ago  the  learned  Whitaker 
proclaimed  himself  the  source  of  "  so  clear  a  sunshine  as  no 
mistakes  can  veil,  and  no  wilfulness  can  darken  for  ever 
again : "  and  among  the  newer  theorists,  my  friend  who 
sojourned  at  Grenoble  stands  convinced  that  his  proofs  "  have 
set  this  long  pending  discussion  at  rest  for  ever."  I  am  taught 
to  resist  the  fond  delusion.  Seeing  how  the  most  learned  have 
yielded  to  error,  I  cannot  expect  to  extinguish  a  question  that 
has  proved  so  provoking  to  conjecture,  and  so  seducing  into 
paradox.  Still  there  is  hope  :  we  are  encouraged  to  look  for  the 
triumph  of  truth,  if  ever  the  causes  of  her  confusion  shall  be 
exposed — irokvv  'Xpovov  eTno-icoTLaOelaa,  reko^  avrrj  Bl  eavTrj<; 
eirLKparel,  Koi  KaTaycovc^erat  to  yjrevBo^i.     Polyb.  xiii.  5. 


CHAPTEE  II. 

The  Subject  proposed,  and  Method  of  treating  it. 

In  the  year  218  before  Christ,  being  the  536th  year  of 
Eome,  Hannibal  marched  from  Carthagena  in  the  month  of 
May ;  he  crossed  the  Ehone  towards  the  end  of  September ; 
and,  clearing  the  Alps,  touched  the  plain  of  Italy  at  the  end 
of  October. 

The  dates  rest  on  the  following  grounds.  The  Greeks,  as 
we  learn  from  Poly  bins  and  Strabo,  used  to  mark  the  seasons 
by  the  rising  and  setting  of  the  Pleias  or  Pleiades.  When 
Polybius  in  his  narrative  has  brought  the  Carthaginian  army 
to  the  s^nimit  of  the  Alps,  he  remarks  that  the  setting  of  the 
Pleias  is  at  hand ;  which  setting  is  known  by  a  recognised 
calculation  to  have  been  in  that  year,  on  the  26th  October. 
Accordingly,  as  they  actually  reached   the   plain  of  Italy 


CHAP.  II.]  The  Subject :  Method  of  Inquiry .  9 

in  five  days  from  the  summit,  we  must  consider  that  crisis  of 
the  season  to  have  passed,  and  may  place  their  arrival  in  the 
plain  at  the  very  end  of  October. 

The  crossing  of  the  Ehone  was  performed  fully  a  month 
before  they  reached  the  plain ;  for  the  march  proceeded  on 
the  second  day  after  crossing  the  river;  it  lasted  fourteen 
days  to  the  Alps  ;  and  had  occupied  fifteen  days  in  the  Alps 
when  they  touched  the  plain.  Accordingly  the  Rhone  was 
crossed  at  the  end  of  September. 

In  the  same  sentence  where  Polybius  states  the  Alps  to 
have  been  traversed  in  fifteen  days,  he  says  that  the  entire 
march  from  Carthagena  was  performed  in  five  months ;  and, 
as  it  was  completed  at  the  end  of  October,  we  may  place  its 
commencement  in  the  latter  part  of  May.  Moreover,  the 
setting  forth  of  the  expedition  is  alluded  to  by  Polybius  in 
his  introduction  to  the  affairs  of  Greece  at  the  beginning  of 
the  fifth  book,  where  he  draws  attention  to  many  contempo- 
raneous events.  Having  said  that  the  prsetorship  of  the 
younger  Aratus  expired  at  about  the  rising  of  the  Pleias,  he 
states  that  about  the  same  time,  as  summer  was  coming  on, 
Hannibal  began  his  march. 

Livy  ascribes  the  expedition  to  the  same  season  of  the 
year  ;  he  states  the  same  duration  of  the  march,  and  gives  the 
same  date  to  the  end  of  it.  On  the  march  through  the  Alps, 
he  says,  nearly  in  the  terms  of  Polybius,  that  the  summit  was 
reached  on  the  ninth  day;  that  the  encampment  there  was 
for  two  days ;  that  the  constellation  of  the  Pleiades  was  then 
setting ;  that  the  passage  of  the  Alps  was  completed  on  the 
fifteenth  day ;  and  that  they  arrived  in  Italy  in  the  fifth 
month  from  Carthagena. 

If  a  stranger  to  the  subject  should  ask  to  be  shortly  in- 
formed upon  the  region  which  is  principally  concerned  in  the 
controversy,  the  answer  might  be  this : — Imagine  Hannibal 
with  his  army  about  half-way  between  Orange  and  Lyons, 


10  "  The  Controversy.  [part  i. 

near  to  the  confluence  of  the  Khone  and  Isk-e ;  you  have  to 
trace  him  thence  to  the  plain  of  Italy.  Now  you  can  hardly 
draw  a  line  from  that  confluence  to  the  Po,  which  has  not 
been  favoured  as  the  line  of  the  Carthaginian  march.  Almost 
every  pass  from  Yiso  to  the  Simplon,  with  almost  every  route 
for  reaching  it,  has  found  an  advocate.  The  Chamouni  valley 
has,  I  believe,  escaped  the  views  of  criticism ;  not  so  the 
shores  of  Lago  Maggiore,  nor  the  Col  de  Bonhomme,  nor  the 
vale  of  Viu. 

Such  is  the  chief,  but  not  the  only  question  made  on  the 
track.  In  the  march  from  the  Pyrenees  to  the  Ehone,  all 
have  been  satisfied  that  it  proceeded  through  Mmes,  excepting 
Mr.  "Whitaker,  who  carried  it  through  Carcasone,  Lodeve, 
Le  Yigan  and  Anduse,  coming  upon  the  Ehone  near  Loriol,  a 
place  about  nineteen  miles  below  the  influx  of  the  Is^re.  In 
the  period  which  has  elapsed  since  that  course  was  proposed,  I 
believe  that  no  one  has  adopted  it,  unless  it  was  Mr.  Tytler, 
who  promptly  published  an  eulogium  of  Mr.  Whitaker's 
discoveries.  When  the  history  comes  to  be  explained,  that 
notion  will  appear  inadmissible  ;  although  Mr.  Whitaker 
considers  it  demonstrated,  and  performs  the  process  with  his 
usual  accuracy  of  facts.  All  are  now  agreed,  that  the  army 
passed  through  Nemausus,  Nimes. 

But  in  the  first  movement  from  Kimes  there  is  matter  for 
consideration.  A  new  doctrine  has  lately  been  put  forth,  and 
supported  by  an  authority  much  commended,  as  to  the  part 
where  Hannibal,  coming  from  Nimes,  effected  the  passage  of 
the  Ehone  before  he  marched  up  to  the  Is^re  ;  so  that  our 
first  business  must  be  with  his  course  from  Nimes  to  the 
Ehone.  The  crossing  need  not,  indeed,  have  been  effected 
from  the  point  where  the  march  first  touched  the  river ;  nor 
is  it  quite  necessary  that  the  whole  force  should  have  j)ro- 
ceeded  from  Nimes  to  the  river  in  one  line.  Still  the  question, 
where  did  Hannibal  cross  the  Ehone,  is  not  only  interesting  in 


CHAP.  II.]  The  Subject :  Method  of  Inqidry.  11 

itself,  as  represented  in  the  powerful  descriptions  of  Polybius 
and  Livy,  but  it  bears  importantly  on  matters  of  ulterior 
inquiry. 

Method  of  treating  the  Inquiry. 

As  Polybius  and  Livy  are  the  two  writers  whose  histories  of 
the  Carthaginian  invasion  have  come  down  to  us,  the  point 
which  it  is  sought  to  determine  necessarily  calls  upon  all  who 
pretend  to  understand  those  historians  to  consider  whether 
they  concur  in  the  Pass  of  Alps  by  which  Hannibal  came  to 
Italy  :  and,  if  they  shall  be  found  not  to  concur,  to  say  which 
is  entitled  to  our  belief. 

Modern  interpreters  of  these  ancient  narratives  of  Hannibal's 
march  may  then  be  ranked  in  two  classes  :  those  who  main- 
tain that  the  Greek  historian  and  the  Latin  historian  concur 
on  the  Pass  of  Alps  by  which  the  invasion  was  effected,  and 
those  who  maintain  that  they  do  not  concur.  It  is  apparent 
that  they  who  would  identify  the  two  tracks  are  far  more 
numerous  than  those  who  insist  on  their  disagreement :  and 
one  has  to  consider  whether  the  former  opinion  is  entitled  to 
respect,  by  reason  that  it  is  the  opinion  of  the  majority.  I 
find  reason  to  say  that  it  is  not :  for,  while  so  many  are  ready 
to  declare  that  Polybius  and  Livy  favoured  the  same  line,  they 
rarely  agree  upon  what  that  line  was. 

What  then  can  have  provoked  so  prevailing  a  persuasion  ? 
Has  a  conviction  of  the  identity  been  arrived  at  by  a  separate 
examination  of  each,  followed  by  a  comparison  :  or  has  the 
identity  been  presumed,  and  the  effort  been  an  attempt  at 
expedients  for  smoothing  differences  and  reconciling  contradic- 
tions ?  The  latter  has  been  the  case ;  and  many  authors 
would  have  escaped  the  conclusions  which  they  profess,  if 
they  had  only  examined  Polybius  as  if  there  were  no  Livy, 
and  Livy  as  if  there  were  no  Polybius.  Instead  of  this,  they 
embark  in  the  subject,  determined  to  make  the  two  agree. 


12  The  Controversy.  [part  i. 

M.  Letronne  tells  us,  "  Polybe  et  Tite-Live  sont  nec^ssaires  a 
I'explication  Tun  de  I'autre.  Dans  Tite-Live,  il  n'y  a  pas  un 
seul  mot  ^  changer  pour  faire  coincider  son  texte  avec  celui 
de  Polybe."  In  the  same  spirit.  General  St.  Cyr  Nugues 
writes  :  "  II  faut  expliquer  et  concilier  ces  deux  recits  :  voil^ 
le  probl^me."  M.  Baud^  de  Lavalette :  "  II  faut  concilier 
Polybe  et  Tite-Live  :  tel  est  Tceuvre  qui  doit,  en  definitif,  etre 
le  but  de  nos  efforts."  M.  le  Baron  Walckenaer  :  "  On  a  cru 
qu'il  y  avoit,  entre  le  r^cit  de  Tite-Live  et  celui  de  Polybe,  une 
contradiction;  on  a  cherche  ^  se  determiner  pour  Tun  des 
deux  :  tandis  qu'il  fallait  trouver  les  moyens  de  les  concilier/' 

How  shall  we  account  for  this  predilection  ?  Can  it  be 
that  a  first  perusal  of  the  two  narratives  produces  the  impres- 
sion that  they  intend  the  same  track  ?  I  am  fully  persuaded 
that  this  has  never  happened  :  no  one,  on  tracing  the  outlines 
of  the  two  stories,  can  be  impressed  in  favour  of  their  geogra- 
phical coincidence.  Whence  then  the  prejudice?  I  appre- 
hend the  cause  to  be  this  :  Both  historians  being  held  in 
great  repute,  both  are  presumed  to  relate  the  truth ;  and,  as 
truth  is  one,  to  relate  the  same  thing  :  and  a  repugnance  is 
felt  to  the  notion  that  they  intend  different  things,  unless  as 
a  last  resource,  on  failure  of  the  expedients  of  conciliation. 

This  principle  is  unsound.  It  assumes  that  which  need 
not  in  any  case  be  true,  and  which  in  this  case  is  notoriously 
otherwise.  The  greatest  historians  will  sometimes  be  in 
error.  The  wisest  man,  recounting  facts  of  which  he  has  no 
proper  knowledge,  must  be  liable  to  error.  Further,  on  this 
question  men  celebrated  in  ancient  times  are  known  to  have 
differed ;  and  we  are  inquiring  whether  two  among  them  did 
differ  or  not.  To  presume  either  solution  of  such  a  question 
is  unreasonable.  Livy  is  himself  the  example  that  there 
was  diversity  of  opinion  between  authors  of  the  highest  credit. 
Writing  two  centuries  after  the  invasion,  he  cites  the  historian 
Coelius,  one  whom  he  held  in  respect^  as  having  named  a 


I 


CTTAP.  IT.]  The  Subject :  Method  of  Inquiry.  13 

pass  of  Alps  different  from  that  in  which  he  himself  believed. 
One  of  these  must  have  been  in  error.  Whether  Livy  intended 
to  follow  Polybius,  or  to  contradict  him,  is  a  question  to  be 
solved :  he  has  not  professed  to  solve  it :  he  does  not  allude 
to  Polybius :  he  adopts  a  large  part  of  his  events,  but  seems 
to  vary  the  places  to  which  he  would  assign  them ;  whether 
he  intended  to  vary  them  is  a  question  on  which  it  is  foolish 
to  lean  to  either  alternative  without  inquiry. 

Seeing  how  so  many  critics  have  embarked  in  this  inquiry 
under  the  trammels  of  a  false  prepossession,  let  us  avoid  it. 
Also,  when  great  modern  names  are  adduced,  when  we  are 
told  of  D'Anville,  Gibbon,  Ukert,  and  others,  let  us  answer 
that  we  will  heed  their  arguments,  not  their  names.  No 
human  judgment  stands  above  scrutiny.  Labour  and  learning 
cannot  ensure  a  freedom  from  error.  Arnold  imagined  the 
elephants  to  be  three  or  four  nights  above  the  snow-line ; 
Cramer  and  De  Luc  conceived  the  Carthaginians  marching 
along  the  Ticino  ;  Niebuhr  asserted  that  they  crossed  the  Po 
below  Piacenza  ;  and  Napoleon  III.  says  that  Scipio,  landing 
at  the  mouth  of  the  Ehone,  learned  that  Hannibal  had  already 
entered  the  Alps. 

Many  writers  are  seen  to  confuse  the  two  histories  by 
applying  the  narrative  of  the  one  author  to  supply  the 
deficiencies  of  the  other.  I  approve  a  different  principle; 
that,  antecedent  to  any  comparison  of  the  histories,  a  separate 
examination  must  be  made  of  the  matter  of  each ;  not  dis- 
turbing the  scrutiny  of  one  by  blending  with  it  notices  of  the 
other.  When  this  has  been  fairly  done,  the  similarity  or 
dissimilarity  of  the  results  may  be  viewed  :  then  only  shall 
we  be  qualified  to  estimate  the  practicability  of  conciliation. 

But,  while'  it  is  necessary  to  keep  distinct  our  examination 
of  the  ancient  authorities,  it  is  requisite  that  we  should  set 
forth  the  views  of  modern  commentators  together  with  our 
own.     We  are  not  to  presume  that  the  reader  is  already  aware 


14  The  Cmitroversy.  [part  i. 

of  the  diversities  of  interpretation  ;  and  it  is  our  business  to 
lay  them  fairly  before  him.  A  very  false  commentary  may 
make  an  impression,  which  it  would  fail  to  make  if  the  rival 
explanation  were  presented  with  it.  It  is  proposed,  therefore, 
to  combine  defence  and  attack  where  it  shall  aid  a  comparison 
of  one  theory  of  construction  with  another. 

I  hope  now  to  be  excused  if,  in  treading  the  way  from 
Mmes  to  the  Italian  plain  with  the  first  of  our  two  great 
historians,  I  defer  for  a  while  the  dissection  of  his  evidence, 
that  I  may  call  attention  to  the  value  of  his  authority. 


THE    ALPS    OF    HANNIBAL. 

PAET  H. 

ON  THE  AUTHOEITY  OF  POLYBIUS. 


CHAPTER  I. 

His  Journey  through  the  Alps. 

PoLYBius  explored  in  person  the  Alps  of  Hannibal.  We 
know  not  who  may  have  been  his  companions,  and  there  has 
been  a  difference  of  opinion  as  to  the  time  when  he  made  the 
journey.  He  was  born  in  the  fourteenth  year  of  the  war  :  in 
the  vigour  of  life  he  was  withdrawn  from  the  service  of  his 
country,  as  one  of  the  hostages  extorted  by  the  grasping 
violence  of  the  Roman  Republic  ;  and  about  seventeen  years 
of  his  mature  manhood  were  passed  in  a  forced  separation 
from  Greece.  This  gave  a  cast  to  the  part  which  he  had  to 
act  as  a  citizen  of  the  world.  When  his  liberty  was  regained, 
the  crisis  had  almost  arrived  which  was  to  ensure  the  uni- 
versal tyranny  of  Rome  :  Cato  had  pronounced  the  doom  of 
Carthage  ;  and  the  downfall  of  Greece  was  not  to  be  averted 
by  those  few  of  her  citizens  who  were  at  the  same  time  wise 
and  honest. 

Polybius  was  about  thirty-seven  years  old  at  the  time  of 
the  Achsean  exile.  He  had  filled  important  posts  in  the  state 
of  which  he  was  a  distinguished  member;  he  had  become 


16  Authority  of  Polyhmf^.  [part  il 

acquainted  with  Eoman  generals  and  Roman  warfare  in 
Thessaly  and  Macedonia,  and  such  a  man  might  already  have 
travelled  westward  in  search  of  truth.  But  this  has  never 
been  suggested;  and  we  may  assume  that  his  visitation  of 
Gaul  and  Spain  through  the  Alps  was  performed  after 
167  B.  c.^,  the  date  of  his  removal  to  Eome.  How  soon  then, 
after  this,  may  we  suppose  him  to  have  made  the  journey  ? 
Was  it  before  or  after  the  return  of  the  exiles?  His  own 
words  are — "I  shall  explain  these  things  with  confidence, 
because  I  have  obtained  my  information  of  the  events  from 
those  who  themselves  belonged  to  the  times,  and  have  viewed 
the  scenes  of  those  events,  and  myself  performed  the  journey 
through  the  Alps,  that  I  might  see  and  know  "  (iii.  48.  12). 

Whether  such  information  was  sought  in  Rome  or  else- 
where, it  would  become  every  day  more  difficult  to  obtain, 
by  the  deaths  of  witnesses.  It  appears  that,  from  the  first 
arrival  of  Polybius  in  Italy,  he  had  the  peculiar  indulgence  of 
residing  at  Rome,  while  the  other  hostages  were  scattered  in 
distant  towns  (xxxii.  8.  5).  Being  so  in  favour,  he  might 
after  a  time  have  permission  to  travel  beyond  the  confines  of 
Italy.  The  Roman  purpose,  of  separating  such  a  man  from 
his  country,  was  equally  answered,  whether  he  was  within  or 
without  the  Alps.  He  would  not  be  more  tempted  to  violate 
his  faith  as  an  hostage ;  for  such  a  course  would  have 
brought  speedier  destruction  upon  all  that  w^as  dear  to  him. 
Neither  would  the  faculty  of  escape  have  been  readier  than 
in  the  full  personal  freedom  which  he  enjoyed  at  Rome  :  he 
could  at  any  time  have  contrived  his  own  escape,  as  he  pro- 
moted that  of  Demetrius.  For  himself  the  Alpine  enterprise 
had  its  attraction ;  and,  while  he  was  peremptorily  cut  off 
from  his  own  country,  his  duties  to  her  suffered  no  worse 
suspension  by  a  wandering  into  the  west  of  Europe.  The 
time  too  was  favourable :  for  some  years  the  rage  of  war  was 
^  587  u.c.  of  the  Varronian  period. 


CHAP.  I.]  His  Journey  through  the,  Alps.  17 

lulled  in  those  quarters,  and  that  embarrassment  of  a 
traveller  was  removed.  Looking  at  these  circumstances,  and 
remembering  that  Polybius  was  not  less  than  fifty-three  years 
old  when  he  regained  his  liberty  in  151,  we  may  reasonably 
believe  that  he  had  before  that  time  traced  Hannibal  through 
the  Alps. 

A  later  period  is  far  less  probable.  When  the  liberation 
came,  the  first  impulse  would  probably  lead  him  to  seek  the 
shores  of  Greece.  I  am  not  aware  that  there  is  any  record  of 
his  immediate  transactions :  but  he  appears  to  have  been  in 
Greece  early  in  149,  when  the  consul  Manilius,  ordered  to  act 
against  Carthage,  wrote  to  the  Achaeans,  urging  that  Polybius 
might  join  him  at  Lilybseum :  accordingly  he  set  out,  but 
receiving  intelligence  at  Corfu,  from  which  he  concluded  that 
hostilities  were  at  an  end,  he  returned  to  Greece.* 

Some  have  imagined  that  the  journey  was  made  on  the 
termination  of  the  exile  ;  and  have. conceived  the  friend  and 
preceptor  accompanied  by  his  illustrious  pupil  Scipio,  the 
younger  Africanus.  I  see  great  improbability  in  this.  The 
one,  as  well  as  the  other,  had  had  better  leisure  for  such  an 
enterprise  at  an  earlier  period,  whether  before  or  after  the  death 
of  Scipio's  father  in  160.  I  doubt  that  there  is  any  authority 
for  saying  that  they  ever  went  through  the  Alps  together.  It 
would  no  doubt  have  been  agreeable  to  both,  that  Polybius 
should  have  attended  Scipio  at  the  time  mentioned  ;  as  after- 
wards at  the  age  of  seventy  he  attended  him  to  Numantia. 
The  discharge  of  the  Greek  hostages  tended  to  cement  the 
friendship  between  them  :  it  was  through  Scipio's  intercession 
with  Cato,  that  the  Achseans  were  permitted  by  the  Senate 
to  return  to  their  country  ;  when  that  venerable  man  settled 
the  matter  with  his  well-known  remark,  that  the  dispute  was 
whether  a  few  old  Greeks  should  be  carried  to  their  graves 

*  Fast.  Hellen.  iii.  99.  Mr.  Clinton  quotes  Polyb.  Fragm. 
Vatican,  p.  447. 

VOL.  1.  C 


18  Authority  of  PolyUus.  [part  ii. 

by  Eoman  corpse-bearers  or  tlieir  own  *  Scipio  then  went 
to  Spain,  to  serve  under  LucuUus :  but  did  lie  go  tbrougb  the 
Alps?  In  taking  the  office  of  Legate  he  courted  a  respon- 
sibility which  others  had  declined,  and  had  the  credit  of 
making  a  sacrifice  to  public  duty  in  an  unpopular  service.f 
The  occasion  was  pressing  :  he  would  not  at  such  a  time  have 
exposed  himself  to  the  delays  and  risks  of  a  tour  of  curiosity 
in  the  Alps.  No  Eoman  force  had  ever  then  crossed  the 
Ehone  :  and  this  young  officer,  like  other  servants  of  the 
state,  must  have  gone  to  Spain  by  sea. 

M.  Gossellin,  (Edcherches,  ii.  p.  6)  speaks  of  Scipio  and 
Polybius  travelling  together  from  Carthagena  to  the  Ehone, 
as  a  fact  related  by  Polybius  himself;  and  he  refers  to  Polyb. 
Historiar.  lib.  iii.  39.  This  is  a  mistake :  no  such  thing 
is  mentioned  there,  nor  I  believe  anywhere.  M.  Gossellin 
imagines  their  companionship  not  in  going  to,  but  in  returning 
from  the  Celtiberian  war.  But  that  notion  is  as  improbable 
as  the  other,  and  cannot  be  accepted  without  evidence. 
Scipio  was  still  too  full  of  weightier  business  :  he  only  joined 
the  camp  in  Spain  in  151 ;  and  in  149  we  see  him  serving 
in  the  first  work  of  the  war  against  Carthage,  the  author  of 
every  wise  movement  under  an  inefficient  leader.  And  note 
the  busy  interval :  he  rapidly  gained  a  reputation  in  Spain, 
though  holding  an  inferior  command.  On  one  occasion  his 
duties  carried  him  into  Africa,  where  he  witnessed  the  battle 
between  Asdrubal  and  Masinissa,  and  returned  to  Spain  with 
a  supply  of  elephants,  the  professed  object  of  his  mission. 
When  he  returned  to  Eome,  as  when  he  left  it,  the  times 
were  teeming  with  great  events ;  and  there  was  no  leisure  for 
such  a  man  to  strike  away  from  the  theatre  of  Eoman  interests 
for  exploits  on  his  own  account  in  unknown  Gaul  and  un- 
known Alps.  I  allow  that  Polybius's  attendance  on  Scipio 
was  at  any  time  a  probable  result  of  their  friendship ;  but  if 
*  Polyb.  Eehq.  lib.  xxxv.  6.  t  Polyb.  xxxv.  4. 


CHAP.  I.]  His  Journey  through  the  Alps.  19 

we  assume  such  an  incident  in  that  space  of  two  years,  the 
scene  of  it  would  be  Spain  and  Numidia,  not  Gaul  and  the 
Alps.  Appian  records  their  being  together  before  Carthage 
at  the  close  of  the  last  Punic  war;  but  does  not  name  Poly  bins 
as  being  concerned  in  the  Celtiberian  war,  nor  notice  him  as 
present  at  the  great  battle  in  Numidia. 

When  we  consider  that  the  return  of  the  Greeks  was  in 
151  ;  that  Carthage  was  destroyed  in  147,  and  that  the  fall 
of  Corinth  immediately  followed ;  and,  if  we  observe  the 
extreme  activity  of  the  political  interval,  that  interval  cannot 
be  thought  a  probable  time  for  Polybius's  journey  through 
the  Alps,  or  for  the  facts  supposed  by  M.  Gosselin.  Still 
more  improbable  would  be  that  later  time,  when  the  inde- 
pendence of  his  country  was  gone,  and  his  own  duties  in 
assuaging  her  misfortunes  had  been  fulfilled.  All  things 
considered,  the  historical  probability  seems  to  be  that  Polybius 
explored  the  tract  before  his  exile  was  relieved.  Gibbon 
may  have  been  near  the  truth,  when  he  spoke  of  him  as 
"  examining  the  country  with  his  own  eyes,  where  he  might 
"  collect  the  precious  remains  of  tradition,  which  the  period  of 
"  sixty  years  had  not  been  able  to  efface,  and  where  he  might 
"  converse  with  some  of  the  old  men  of  the  country,  who  had 
"  in  their  youth  either  resisted  Hannibal's  invasion,  or  followed 
"  his  standard."  Sixty  years  after  the  invasion  denotes  seven 
years  before  the  termination  of  the  Achaean  exile. 

Beside  the  probabilities  which  rest  on  the  transactions  of 
the  times,  on  the  better  opportunities  for  active  inquiry  and 
literary  employment,  which  Polybius  enjoyed  during  his 
domicile  at  Rome,  and  the  utter  disturbance  of  such  advan- 
tages in  the  events  which  succeeded  his  liberation,  we  gather 
evidence  to  the  date  of  his  journey  from  his  own  writings. 
The  invasion  of  Italy  by  Hannibal  is  an  early  fact  in  that 
period  of  history  which  he  first  proposes  to  record,  beginning 
in  the  140th  Olympiad.    And  his  own  exploration  of  the 

c  2 


20  Authority  of  Polyhhis.  [part  li. 

Alps  is  announced  as  having  been  made  before  he  wrote  his 
account  of  that  invasion.  Mebuhr  says  (transl.  by  Smith 
and  Schmitz,  iii.  42),  that  the  first  edition  of  Polybius  is  to 
be  placed  about  the  beginning  of  the  seventh  century;  which, 
(601  u.c.)  was  before  the  return  of  the  exiles.  He  says  also 
(21st  Lecture,  published  by  Dr.  L.  Schmitz,  i.  283)  that  that 
edition  ended  with  the  carrying  away  of  the  Achaean  hostages, 
and  that  a  second  edition  was  published  afterwards,  with 
the  subsequent  history.  It  is  curious  to  notice  how  the 
historian  incorporated  the  new  matter  of  his  further  history 
with  tliat  of  the  earlier  one. 

He  announces  his  history  in  the  outset  as  one  of  fifty- 
three  years,  the  matter  of  the  two  first  books  not  belonging 
to  that  period,  but  containing  so  much  of  earlier  events  as 
may  serve  for  introduction.  He  says,  at  the  beginning  of 
the  first  book,  that  he  has  thought  it  necessary  to  compose 
that  and  the  next,  in  order  to  prepare  his  readers  for  the 
history :  and,  at  the  end  of  the  second,  he  speaks  of  having 
completed  the  opening  and  preface  of  his  whole  history.  In 
the  opening  of  the  third  book,  the  fifty-three  years  are  again 
announced  as  beginning  with  the  140th  Olympiad,  and 
ending  with  the  subversion  of  the  Macedonian  empire  :  in 
fact  that  period,  beginning  from  220  B.C.  was  completed  with 
the  defeat  of  Perseus  in  168,  and  the  seizure  of  the  Achaean 
exiles  in  167.  As  we  read  on,  the  next  paragraph  shows 
that  those  events  are  not  now  to  close  the  work,  and  that  the 
design  is  enlarged.  Though  the  limitation  to  fifty-three  years 
remains  in  the  text,  we  are  informed  that  new  events  have 
arisen  so  momentous,  events  of  which  the  author  has  been 
himself  concerned  in  many,  and  an  eye-witness  of  nearly 
all,  that  he  shall  undertake  the  task  of  relating  them,  and 
begin  as  it  were  another  history.  Pointing  out  the  leading 
features  of  this  further  history,  he  names  the  Celtiberian  war 
of  Rome,  the  wars  between  Carthage  and  Masinissa,  the  wars 


CHAP.  I.]  His  Journey  through  the  Alps.  21 

between  Attains  and  Prusias,  the  wars  of  Cappadocia  and 
Syria,  the  return  of  the  Achaean  exiles,  the  last  war  between 
Eome  and  Carthage,  and  the  events  which  have  consum- 
mated the  misfortunes  of  Greece.  Further  on,  when  he 
vindicates  the  minuteness  of  his  inquiry  into  the  causes  of 
Hannibal's  war,  he  speaks  of  his  work  as  now  intended  to 
comprehend  the  destruction  of  Carthage  and  the  battle  of  the 
Isthmus,  and  to  be  comprised  in  forty  books. 

There  is  still  further  evidence  in  the  tone  of  the  historian's 
remarks,  showing  that  his  original  work  must  have  been 
composed  during  the  tranquillity  of  his  residence  in  Italy ; 
some  things  are  such  as  he  cannot  have  produced  after  the 
last  fatal  troubles  of  Greece  had  begun.  When  he  is  about 
to  explain  the  institution  of  the  Achsean  confederacy  in  the 
second  book,  he  takes  occasion,  c.  37,  to  allude  to  the  fortunes 
of  the  Macedonian  kingdom,  and  those  of  that  republic ;  to 
the  utter  destruction  of  the  one,  and  the  unlooked-for  growth 
and  harmony  of  the  other — irepl  fjuev  Tavrrjv  oKo<j')(epri^  €7r- 
avaipe(TL<;,  irepX  he  tou?  'A^atou?  7rapdBo^o<;  av^r)(Ti^<;  /cal 
avfjL<l)p6vr}(TL's,  In  the  sketch  of  Achaean  annals  which  follows, 
the  same  feeling  of  the  writer  is  exhibited ;  and  this  not  in 
the  introductory  books  only ;  for,  having  closed  the  third 
book  with  the  battle  of  Cannae,  he  refers  in  the  fourth  to  the 
scheme  of  his  history  ;  and  taking  up  the  affairs  of  Greece  in 
the  140th  Olympiad,  notes  the  remarkable  advance  which 
has  been  made  by  the  Achaean  state.  Who  wiU  believe  that 
Polybius  should  thus  express  himself  after  or  shortly  before 
the  last  convulsion  of  Greece  ?  The  pride  of  country  struggled 
hard  to  make  the  exile  hide  her  degradation  under  some 
eulogium,  at  a  time  when  he  must  in  his  own  person  have 
been  deeply  sensible  of  it :  but  that  he  should  have  poured 
forth  those  praises  after  the  fall  of  Corinth,  is  impossible 
He  uttered  those  sentiments,  not  in  the  period  of  distraction 
and  strife  which    followed  the   crushing  of   his   country's 


22  .    Authority  of  Polyhms.  [part  ii. 

liberties  ;  but  when,  in  his  Italian  banishment,  he  would 
quietly  and  fondly  indulge  in  some  contrast  between  her 
fate  and  that  of  Macedonia. 

Whatever  was  the  precise  time  at  which  Polybius  in- 
vestigated the  track  of  Hannibal,  on  which  I  have  pointed 
out  what  appear  to  me  the  best  grounds  of  argument,  it 
seems  clear  that  the  journey  was  performed  by  him;  and 
that,  if  we  can  rightly  interpret  his  narrative,  we  thereby 
know  the  course  of  Hannibal.  But  that  narrative  itself  is 
in  innumerable  particulars  interpreted  in  different  ways  by 
learned  men.  It  is  natural  therefore  to  suppose,  that  there 
is  difficulty  in  making  a  right  interpretation :  and  we  have 
to  search  for  the  cause  of  this  difficulty ;  a  task  which  is  the 
more  necessary,  as  some  have  suggested  a  cause,  by  imputing 
to  the  historian  a  singular  deficiency  in  geographical  know- 
ledge and  the  faculty  of  acquiring  it.  We  cannot  feel  safe 
in  interpreting  his  geographical  matter,  without  noticing 
the  reasons  of  those  who  declare  his  incompetency  to  deal 
with  it. 

It  is  true  that  this  disparaging  opinion  is  not  general;  and 
that  some  consider  Polybius  to  have  been  eminently  qualified 
for  ascertaining  and  transmitting  truth,  as  a  politician,  a 
soldier,  and  a  man  of  learning.  These  are  further  influenced 
by  knowing  that,  within  forty  years  after  the  Carthaginians 
had  evacuated  Italy,  he  was  living  in  familiar  intercourse 
with  distinguished  Eomans;  that  he  conversed  freely  with 
those  who  in  their  youth  had  served  against  Hannibal ;  that 
his  friendship  was  sought  and  adhered  to  by  the  celebrated 
Scipio  ^milianus  and  his  brother,  to  whom  the  minutiae  of 
those  campaigns  and  the  memorials  of  their  own  illustrious 
ancestors  must  have  been  matter  of  interesting  concern ;  also 
that  his  study  of  the  course  through  the  Alps  took  place 
while  there  may  have  been  upon  it  still  living  witnesses  of 
the  invasion. 


CHAP.  II.]  Strictures  of  Dr.  Okert.        -  23 

But,  though  these  notions  seem  to  be  true,  and,  being  true, 
to  recommend  Polybius  as  one  of  the  safest  historians  of  any 
times ;  still,  as  in  this  inquiry  importance  will  be  attached  to 
his  designation  of  countries  and  of  rivers  that  run  through 
them,  also  to  measurements  of  space  where  the  termini  are 
litigated ;  and  since,  among  those  who  impeach  him  in  these 
respects,  are  men  themselves  celebrated  for  geographical  and 
historical  acquirements,  I  must  sustain  an  authority  on  which 
I  purpose  to  rely.  How  shall  we  not  fear  that  that  authority 
may  be  despised,  when  such  a  man  as  Dr.  Arnold,  himself 
so  commended  for  the  geographical  instinct,  has  imputed  to 
him  '^  a  total  absence  of  geographical  talent,"  and  that  in  his 
labours  "  he  laboured  against  nature  ? "  How  shall  we  not 
fear  the  depreciating  tone  of  the  German  critic,  who  is  pro- 
nounced by  Dr.  Thirlwall  "  to  come  to  the  discussion  of  the 
question  with  all  the  light  that  profound  geographical  learn- 
ing can  throw  upon  it  ? "  Some  of  the  disparaging  comments 
I  delay  to  notice,  until  the  examination  of  our  subject  shall 
have  made  the  matter  of  them  easier  to  be  understood.  Some 
I  will  advert  to  now;  examining,  as  briefly  as  I  may,  the 
reasonings  by  which  they  dissuade  us  from  a  confidence  in 
the  Greek  historian. 


CHAPTER   II. 

Strictures  of  Dr.  Ukert.     Italy  and  the  Alps.     The  Rhone. 
Direction  of  the  March. 

Dr.  Fr.  a.  Ukert,  the  eminent  professor  and  librarian  at 
Gotha,  is  author  of  a  work  published  at  Weimar  on  the 
Geography  of  the  Greeks  and  Eomans  :  and  he  is,  I  presume, 
the  most  learned  man  among  those  who  have  maintained 
that  the  course  of   Hannibal  was  over  the  Mont  Cenis ;  a 


24  Authority  of  PolyUus,  [part  ii. 

doctrine  which  he  supports  in  the  2d  division  of  his  second 
volume,  published  in  1832.  The  recommendations  of  him 
to  our  notice  in  this  matter  of  criticism  a,re  from  an  authority 
which  is  recognised  as  the  most  eminent  in  this  country : 
and  I  will  without  scruple  refer  to  a  report  made  by  one 
so  highly  qualified  to  make  it  justly.  I  speak  of  an  article 
on  Hannibal's  passage,  signed  C.  T.,*  in  the  Philological 
Museum  of  May,  1833.  I  may  say  here  that  this  review 
was  mentioned  in  1854  by  Mr.  Ellis,  in  his  Treatise,  p.  18, 
where  he  says  that  the  reviewer  adopts  the  supposition  of 
Dr.  Ukert  that  Hannibal  crossed  the  Ehone  near  Beaucaire. 
I  conceive  that  Mr.  Ellis  must  here  have  mistaken  the 
opinions  imputed  to  Dr.  Ukert  for  the  opinions  of  Dr. 
ThirlwaU  himself ;  who  says,  "  Ukert  conceives  that  Hannibal 
crossed  the  river  near  Beaucaire."  I  cannot  so  easily  account 
for  another  thing  which  is  asserted  ;  namely,  that  "  in  many 
"  material  points  the  views  advocated  in  his,  Mr.  Ellis's  treatise, 
"  receive  the  sanction  of  the  learned  writer  of  the  article." 
This  proposition  is,  as  far  as  I  can  judge,  quite  erroneous  ; 
and  I  find  nothing  to  qualify  the  error. 

It  is  said  in  the  Philological  Museum,  "Our  object  is 
*'  not  to  describe  the  march,  but  to  explain  the  nature  of  the 
"  arguments  by  which  Ukert  supports  ^his  hypothesis.'^  The 
learned  writer  thus  introduces  the  German  geographer  to  the 
attention  of  the  reader.  "  Ukert  has  defended  an  hypothesis 
"  which  had  been  adopted  by  many  learned  men,  and  within 
"  these  few  years  by  a  French  author,  Larauza,  whose  book  I 
"  have  not  been  able  to  meet  with ;  that  Hannibal  crossed  the 
"  Mont  Cenis.  Ukert  has  the  advantage  of  coming  last  to 
"  the  discussion  of  this  question,  with  a  thorough  knowledge 
"  of  all  that  has  been  done  by  his  predecessors,  and  with  all 
"  the  light  that  profound  geographical  learning  can  throw  upon 
"  it :  so  .that  a  review  of  his  arguments  may  exhibit,  though 

*  Connop  ThirlwaU,  Lord  Bishop  of  St.  David's. 


CHAP.  II.]  Stricttires  of  Dr.  Dkert.  25 

"  not  the  history  of  this  controversy,  yet  the  latest  stage  which 
"  it  has  reached.  There  are,  it  is  well  known,  four  main  points 
"  on  which  the  whole  controversy  depends.  1.  The  passage 
"  of  the  Khone.  2.  The  position  of  the  Island  and  Hannibal's 
"  movements  in  it.  3.  His  march  to  the  foot  of  the  mountains. 
"  4.  The  passage  of  the  Alps.  These  we  will  consider  in  their 
"  order.  We  must  however  premise  that  Ukert  takes  a  different 
"  view  of  the  relative  authority  of  Polybius  and  Livy  from 
"  that  which  has  been  adopted  by  many,  perhaps  by  most,  pre- 
"  ceding  writers,  and  particularly  by  the  advocates  of  General 
"  Melville's  hypothesis.  He  observes  that,  though  the  zeal 
"  with  which  Polybius  laboured  to  ascertain  the  truth  is  in- 
"  disputable,  his  means  were  not  exactly  proportioned  to  his 
"  good  will.  As  the  Alps  in  his  time  were  inhabited  by  fierce 
"  and  unconquered  tribes,  it  was  not  in  his  power  to  explore 
"  them  with  the  same  calmness  and  undivided  attention  as  the 
"  modern  travellers  who  have  visited  them  with  his  book  in 
"  their  hands.  Notwithstanding  his  travels,  the  geographical 
"  knowledge  which  Polybius  had  acquired  was  very  imperfect : 
"  his  conception  of  the  direction  of  the  Alps,  and  the  course 
"  of  the  Ehone,  erroneous :  and  his  errors  in  this  respect  led 
"  him  to  say,  that  Hannibal,  after  crossing  the  Ehone,  marched 
"  away  from  the  sea  eastward,  as  if  he  had  been  making  for 
"  the  midland  parts  of  Europe  (iii.  47) ;  when,  if  he  had 
"  been  correctly  informed,  he  would  have  spoken  of  the  north. 
"  "With  regard  to  Livy's  relation  to  Polybius,  Ukert  observes 
"  that,  though  the  Eoman  frequently  took  the  Greek  author's 
"  description  as  the  foundation  of  his  own,  yet,  as  the  countries 
"  of  which  Polybius  wrote  were  much  better  known  in  the 
"  time  of  Augustus,  he  also  drew  more  accurate  accounts  from 
"  other  sources,  with  which  he  supplied  the  defects  of  his 
"  predecessor,  but  sometimes  without  perceiving  that  he  was 
"  framing  his  narrative  out  of  statements  which  were  iiTecon- 
"  cileably  discordant."    PhiL  Mus.  May,  1833,  C.  T. 


26  Authority  of  PolyUus.  [part  ii. 

Such  are  reported  to  be  the  views  of  Dr.  Ukert  concerning 
the  authority  of  Polybius  in  the  question  of  Hannibal's 
march.  With  due  respect  for  one  so  laudatus  laudato,  I 
cannot  perceive  that  his  depreciation  of  the  Greek  historian 
rests  on  valid  grounds.  It  is  most  true  that,  whatever  Alps 
Polybius  explored,  he  explored  regions  which  were  inde- 
pendent of  Eome,  and  whose  inhabitants,  notwithstanding 
the  mitiora  ingenia  which  Livy  ascribes  to  them  in  the 
twelfth  year  of  the  war,  were  still  rude  and  fierce.  But  to 
what  tends  this  exposition  of  the  traveller's  danger  ?  It  may 
help  to  account  for  the  want  of  the  poetic  and  the  pic- 
turesque which  some  think  should  identify  the  pass  of 
Hannibal.  But,  as  to  finding  in  the  barbarism  of  the  Alpine 
tribes  a  circumstance  that  lowers  his  authority,  it  only  makes 
us  to  admire  the  zeal  and  daring  that  incurred  the  danger, 
and  to  estimate  the  man  by  his  devotion  of  those  powers  to 
the  observation  and  gathering  of  truth.  The  question  is 
between  the  authority  of  him  who  made  that  effort,  and  of 
those  whom  no  such  thing  has  qualified.  The  proposition 
that  he  could  not  explore  the  Alps  with  the  same  calmness 
as  modern  travellers  who  may  visit  them  with  his  book  in 
their  hands,  is  most  true.  If  it  were  not,  this  controversy 
would  not  exist.  If  Polybius  had  journeyed  with  the  advan- 
tages of  a  modern  tourist,  the  Alps  and  the  district  beyond 
them  reposing  under  the  well-established  protection  of  civi- 
lised government,  instead  of  being  stiU  unexplored  by  the 
Eomans,  the  places  which  lay  in  the  march  would  have  been 
enjoying  recognised  names ;  these  names  would  have  been 
found  in  his  work  ;  and  neither  Livy  nor  Ukert  would  have 
had  a  question  to  litigate. 

It  is  indeed  the  modern  traveller  who  has  so  explored 
with  Polybius  in  hand.  This  task  was  first  performed  by 
General  Melville  in  the  latter  part  of  the  eighteenth  century. 
If  this  had  been  done  in  the  days  of  Augustus,  that  age 


CHAP.  II.]  Strictures  of  Dr.  Uhert.  27 

would  not  have  founded  a  controversy,  nor  created  the  diffi- 
culties which  we  are  even  now  endeavouring  to  solve.  For 
why  does  the  traveller  explore  the  Alps  with  that  book  in 
his  hand?  In  order  that  he  may  ascertain  the  track  which 
Polybius  intends  ;  that  he  may  know  how  to  apply  his  narra- 
tive. This  is  our  endeavour ;  to  interpret  rightly  tliat  which 
is  acknowledged  to  contain  the  truth. 

Dr.  Ukert  having  exhibited  the  disadvantages  under  which 
Polybius  must  have  travelled,  proceeds,  as  we  have  seen,  to 
expose  the  inaccuracy  which  resulted  from  them.  He  dwells 
on  his  erroneous  conceptions  concerning  Italy  and  the  Alps, 
as  a  ground  on  which  we  should  a  fortiori  distrust  his 
geography  beyond  the  Alps  ;  saying  this, — "  His  description  of 
"  that  country,  which  from  his  long  residence  in  it  he  was 
"  able  leisurely  to  investigate  ;  a  task  for  which,  through  his 
"  acquaintance  with  the  most  distinguished  and  enlightened 
"  Eomans,  he  enjoyed  every  advantage,  may  serve  as  a  scale 
"  by  which  we  should  estimate  his  statements  concerning  less 
"  known  and  less  frequented  countries.  According  to  him,  the 
*'  whole  of  Italy  is  a  triangle  ;  an  opinion  already  censured  by 
"  Strabo."  He  then  exposes  the  descriptions  of  Italy  and  the 
Alps  as  made  by  Polybius,  with  a  criticism  of  what  he  has 
said  on  the  course  of  the  Ehone  and  the  course  of  the  Po : 
and  we  are  invited  to  the  conclusion  that  the  geography  of 
his  history  is  not  to  be  relied  on. 

Strictures,  which  chiefly  import,  that  one  who  wrote  before 
the  last  Punic  war  was  not  precise  upon  north,  south,  east, 
and  west,  are  sufficiently  disarmed,  when  we  view  the  errors 
of  a  later  age,  whose  improvements  it  is  the  policy  of  those 
criticisms  to  extol.  But  retaliation  is  not  enough.  Let  us 
sift  the  value  of  the  strictures  themselves,  as  they  affect 
three  subjects  of  attack ;  the  Alps  ;  the  Ehone ;  and  the 
direction  of  the  march.  The  Po  must  be  reserved  for  a 
future  chapter. 


28  Authority  of  PolyUus.  [part  ii. 


Italy  and  the  Alps. 

It  is  perfectly  true  that  Polybius,  ii.  c.  14,  ^as  described 
Italy  as  a  three-sided  figure,  of  which  one  side  is  the  Adriatic 
and  Ionian  seas,  another  the  Tyrrhenian  and  Sicilian  seas,  and 
the  third  the  range  of  Alps :  also  that  he  has  described  the 
northern  plam  of  Italy  as  another  three-sided  figure,  of  which 
the  Alps  form  the  north  side,  the  Apennine  the  south  side, 
the  base  being  the  Adriatic  from  the  end  of  the  gulf  to 
Sena.  Strabo  censured  these  triangles,  saying,  Tplrfoavov  3e 
tStft)?  TO  evOvypajjbiJbov  KaXecrat  (T')(rjfjLa'  evravOa  he  Kal  at 
fidcreif;  Kal  at  ifKevpal  ireL(^epel<^  ela-iv, — "  a  figure,  to  be 
"  rightly  called  a  triangle,  must  be  rectilinear :  but  there  both 
"  the  bases  and  the  sides  are  curved."  Then,  in  objection  to 
the  eastern  side  of  Italy,  he  says,  ifkevpav  yap  Xeyofiev  rrjv 
dycovLov  rypa/nfjLTjv — "  for  we  call  a  side  that  which  is  a  line 
without  angles,"  v.  210. 

These  dogmata,  not  enforced  by  Strabo  when  more  neces- 
sary, are  pronounced  here,  not  against  the  knowledge  nor  the 
judgment  of  the  writer,  but  against  his  style.  Polybius  is 
not  charged  with  believing  the  lines  which  he  calls  sides  of 
Italy  to  be  straight,  but  with  calling  them  sides  when  they 
were  not  straight ;  he  knew  them  not  to  be  straight,  for  he 
speaks  of  one  as  turned  partly  to  the  south,  partly  to  the 
west :  as  to  the  other,  Strabo  himself  relieves  him  of  the 
suspicion ;  for  he  cites  Polybius  (vi.  261)  on  the  distance 
from  the  Lacinian  promontory  to  the  lapygian  across  the 
entrance  of  the  gulf  of  Tarentum,  and  (v.  211)  reports  from 
him  the  unequal  distances  of  a  land  journey  and  a  sea 
journey  from  the  lapygian  to  Messana. 

Are  then  these  rough  descriptions  given  by  Polybius  to  be 
called  erroneous?  Precision  is  not  sought,  and  is  not  re- 
quisite.    In  these  bold  outlines  he  fulfils  his  avow^ed  purpose 


CHAP.  II.]  Strictures  of  Dr.  Ukert.  29 

of  writing,  which  is  to  communicate  ideas  by  well-known 
symbols.  These  are  to  be  found  in  the  larger  features  and 
more  notorious  marks  of  a  country.  He  reminds  us  that 
mere  unexplained  names  do  not  give  geographical  impres- 
sions. When  he  uses  the  word  TpavaakirLvoi,  ii.  c.  15, 
he  takes  care  to  inform  his  readers  that  rpav?  is  Latin  for 
nrepav.  He  is  not  compounding  the  topography  of  depart- 
ments for  the  Italian  student :  he  is  providing  by  large 
outlines  a  notion  of  entire  Italy  for  those  who  knew  it  not. 
In  the  very  beginning  of  his  work,  i.  c.  3,  he  announces  that 
he  writes  for  the  instruction  of  Greeks  :  and  again,  after  he 
has  brought  Hannibal  into  Italy,  iii.  c.  59,  he  speaks  of  his 
own  travels  in  Spain  and  elsewhere  with  the  object  of  them 
— "  that,  correcting  the  ignorance  of  our  predecessors  in  these 
"  matters,  we  may  bring  these  parts  also  of  the  habitable  earth 
"  within  the  knowledge  of  Greeks." 

If  there  existed  not  these  excuses  for  the  roughness  of  the 
Polybian  delineations,  the  spirit  of  fair  play  would  rise  against 
the  attack  that  is  made.  In  the  vice  of  applying  the  name 
of  a  rectilinear  figure  to  that  which  is  really  not  one,  or  of 
making  a  crooked  and  curved  line  to  be  a  side  to  such 
figure,  Polybius  is  not  a  solitary  offender.  Strabo  himself, 
the  sage  whose  corrections  are  appealed  to,  indicates  in  his 
own  practice  the  foibles  which  in  others  he  condemns.  He 
rejoices  in  parallelograms,  not  triangles :  he  gives,  p.  177,  as 
the  boundaries  of  Gaul,  the  Pyrenees  on  the  west,  the  Ehine, 
as  their  parallel,  on  the  east :  the  ocean  on  the  north  ;  the 
Mediterranean  and  Alps  on  the  south.  As  parts  of  this 
large  figure,  he  exhibits  three  other  parallelograms :  one, 
p.  178,  has,  for  west  and  east,  the  Pyrenees  and  the  Alps ; 
for  north  and  south,  the  Cevennes  and  the  Mediterranean : 
another,  p.  189,  has,  for  west  and  east,  the  Pyrenees  and  the 
Garonne,  for  north  and  south,  the  ocean  and  the  Cevennes : 
another  has,  for  west  and  east,  the  Garonne  and  the  Loire, 


30  A  uthority  of  PolyUus.  [part  ii. 

having  also  the  ocean   and  the   Cevennes   for    north   and 

south. 

Let  me  ask  whether,  in  the  broad  dej&nitions  of  Polybius 
there  is  anything  which  so  conflicts  with  the  proprieties  of 
modern  geography  as  these  specimens  of  the  Augustan.  At 
least  let  the  indulgence  which  is  claimed  for  the  licentious- 
ness of  a  parallelogram  be  extended  to  the  extravagance  of 
a  triangle.  But  if  there  belongs  to  the  former  figure  some 
peculiar  privilege,  then  be  it  remembered  that  Strabo  too,  iv. 
199,  has  his  triangle,  the  Island  Brittannia  :  and  she,  too,  has 
her  irXevpa'L  Are  these  dyooviot  ypafM/jbacf  M.  Gossellin 
says  with  much  gravity,  E^cherches,  ii.  15,  "  Au  temps 
"  de  Polybe  I'ltalie  n'avoit  pas  plus  une  forme  triangulaire 
"  qu'elle  ne  I'a  aujourd'hui."  He  might  have  added,  "  La 
"  Grande  Bretagne  n'avoit  pas  plus  une  forme  triangulaire 
"  qu'elle  ne  I'a  aujourd'hui :"  the  Bristol  channel  and  the 
Solway  derogate  as  much  from  the  evOvypa/jufiov  crxvH'O,  as 
does  the  gulf  of  Tarentum.  It  is  most  true  that  Polybius 
was  addicted  to  the  pourtraying  of  triangular  forms :  it  is 
seen,  i.  26,  14,  in  his  account  of  naval  manoeuvres.  But 
there  was  excuse  for  the  rudeness  of  those  forms,  which 
Strabo,  not  an  illiberal  critic,  might  have  acknowledged.  If 
Polybius  had  called  Italy  a  parallelogram,  he  would  have 
earned  the  applause  of  his  illustrious  successor. 


Tlie' Rhone  and  the  Alps. 

Polybius,  iii.  47,  thus  instructs  his  readers.  "  The  Ehone 
''  has  his  sources  above  the  Adriatic  gulf,  which  fall  to  the 
''  westward  in  those  parts  of  the  Alps  which  slope  away  to  the 
"  north  :  his  course  is  to  the  winter  sunset ;  and  he  discharges 
"  himself  into  the  Sardinian  sea.  He  is  carried  for  a  consider- 
"  able  way  through  a  valley,  to  the  north  of  which  dwell  the 


CHAP.  II.]  Strictures  of  Dr.  Uhert  31 

"  Ardyes*  Celts,  while  the  whole  southern  side  of  it  is  bounded 
"  by  the  mountain  sides  of  the  Alps,  which  slope  northwards  : 
"  the  higher  Alpine  chain  separating  the  plains  of  the  Po, 
*'  of  which  I  have  often  spoken  already,  from  the  valley  of  the 
"  Ehone,  and  spreading  as  it  were  from  Marseille  to  the  head 
"  of  the  Adriatic  gulph — which  higher  chain  Hannibal,  having 
"  surmounted  from  the  country  on  the  Ehone,  invaded  Italy." 
Men  of  our  day,  having  their  map  of  the  Alps,  may  be 
startled  at  the  introduction  of  Marseille  and  the  Adriatic  into 
this  description.  But  we  are  to  remember,  that  the  aim  of 
the  writer  was  to  bring  his  Greek  readers  to  a  notion  of  that 
which  he  described,  by  naming  things  which  already  existed 
in  their  minds ;  thus  enabling  them  i(j)apjjL6TT€iv  to  Xeyo/juevov 
iirl  T»  yvcopt/iiov,  iii.  36,  4.  They  knew  the  Adriatic  :  they 
knew  Marseille :  they  knew  not  that  which  intervened : 
accordingly  the  Alps  are  described  by  reference  to  those 
known  objects,  and  the  Ehone  by  reference  to  the  Alps. 
Precision  could  not  attend  this  method  of  instruction  :  he 
teaches  here  that  the  first  springs  of  the  Ehone  are  away  to 

*  This  word  "ApBves  is  not  explained.  AtSves  has  been  sug- 
gested. May  it  not  be  corrected  to  ^XovfjTTtoL  1  In  a  passage  of 
Strabo,  p.  192,  we  find  AItovoltloi,  which  it  is  pretty  clear  should 
be  'EXovijTTioi.  Strabo,  enumerating  the  accolse  of  the  Ehine,  seems 
to  take  them  from  Ciesar.  Both  place  N^antuates  on  the  lake  of 
Geneva  near  the  Ehone.  Caesar's  text,  iv.  10,  carries  the  Ehine 
per  fines  ^antuatium,  Helvetiorum,  Setpianorum,  Mediomatricorum, 
Tribocorum,  Trevirorum :  and  Strabo,  probably  having  Caesar  before 
him,  writes,  "  The  first  of  all,  Trpwrot  twi/  aTravrwr,  upon  the  Ehine 
are  AlTovaTLot."  Then  he  notices  the  source,  length  of  stream, 
mouths,  &c.;  and  resumes  the  accolse  in  this  way  ;  "Mera  Be  rovs 
^Xovr)TTLOV<s  ^rjKoai'ol  kol  McSio/^aTjOtfCot  KaTOiKOvcn  tov  'Frjvoy  '/'  then 
he  names  Tpi(36icxoL  and  then  Tpyjovipou  This  leads  one  to 
suppose  that  'EXo-uT^rrtot  were  meant  to  be  Trpcurot  tmv  airavTOi^',  and 
that  AlrovaTioi  is  a  corruption.  Kramer  has  put  'HXov7]TrL0L  in 
the  text.  The  word  ll^antuatium  in  Caesar's  4th  book  may  perhaps 
be  struck  out. 


32  Authority  of  PolyUus.  [paUt  ii. 

the  north-east,  among  the  Alps  :  more  than  this  was  not 
within  his  reach.  He  had  no  materials  by  which  to  speculate 
on  the  longitudes  of  those  fountains :  no  civilised  eye  had 
seen  the  glacier  of  the  Ehone  :  he  conceived  its  direction, 
not  its  place.  The  Eomans  then  had  no  acquaintance  with 
Transalpine  Gaul  save  by  the  access  of  Marseille  :  while  he  . 
lived,  their  only  military  performance  between  that  place 
and  the  P3rrenees  was  in  Scipio's  few  days  near  the  Ehone^s 
mouth.  The  addition  which  the  researches  of  Polybius  gave 
to  a  knowledge  of  that  river  may  have  been  limited  to  the 
line  of  the  Carthaginian  march.  It  cannot  be  asserted  that 
he  ever  visited  the  lake  of  Geneva,  or  the  town  of  Lyons. 
Some  may  infer  his  non-acquaintance  with  the  lake  from 
his  silence  upon  it :  and  they  are  welcome  to  do  so  :  if  he 
was  never  there,  neither  was  Hannibal.  Not  that  the  mere 
absence  of  particulars  warrants  us  to  presume  a  want  of 
information  :  for,  if  the  lake  of  Geneva  lay  not  in  the  march, 
it  would  have  no  place  in  this  narrative.  Polybius  expressly 
excuses  himself  from  introducing  into  historical  statement 
more  of  geography  than  is  necessary  for  understanding  the 
story  which  he  is  relating,  iii.  bQ. 

In  the  time  of  Strabo,  1 40  years  later,  conquest  had  made 
the  Ehone  a  familiar  feature  in  the  geography  of  Gaul :  it 
was  known  in  his  earliest  days  through  the  efforts  of  Julius ' 
Caesar  to  purge  from  obstruction  the  main  route  between 
Italy  and  the  heart  of  the  Helvetian  territory.  And  yet 
Strabo's  Ehone  has  its  errors  :  speaking  of  the  Ehone,  the 
Doubs,  and  the  Saone,  he  says,  iv.  186,  "  It  happens  that 
each  of  these  three  rivers  flows  in  the  first  instance  to  the 
north,  and  then  to  the  west :  and  then  they  all  fall  into  one 
stream,  which  by  another  bend  is  carried  southward  to  the 
sea."  Thus  the  Ehone  of  Strabo  begins  at  Martigny.  He 
could  only  relate  what  he  had  heard.  He  relates  that  the 
Ehone  runs  into  and  through  the  lake  of  Geneva,  and  that 


CHAP.  II.]  Strictures  of  Dr,  UJcert.  33 

his  stream  refuses  the  commixture  of  other  waters  :  but  he 
knew  not  of  the  river  above  Martigny  :  so  there  he  conceived 
the  source.  The  source  of  Polybius,  though  less  specific,  is 
more  correct. 

The  direction  of  the  March, 

Dr.  Ukert  charges  Polybius  with  making  Hannibal  to 
march  eastward,  when  in  fact  he  marched  northward.  This 
criticism  also  asserts  the  improved  knowledge  of  countries  in 
the  days  of  Augustus;  and  it  would  again  be  enough  to 
answer,  that  Strabo's  north  side  of  Gaul,  iv.  177,  is  from 
Bayonne  to  the  mouths  of  the  Ehine.  The  twist  which  he 
gives  to  the  countries  of  the  world  might  well  belong  in  some 
degree  to  earlier  geography :  and  Polybius,  who  deals  in 
general  rather  than  minute  instructions,  needs  little  justifi- 
cation if,  in  dividing  his  subject,  he  deemed  the  march  from 
Carthagena  to  the  Ehone  to  bear  northward,  and  the  march 
from  the  Ehone  to  Italy  to  bear  eastward.  This,  after  all, 
would  be  found  the  sum  of  his  offence ;  but  the  criticism 
before  us  is  more  feeble  than  it  at  first  appears :  the  critic 
misapprehended  the  author. 

The  notion  which  is  impeached  is  contained  in  the  fol- 
lowing sentence,  iii.  47,  which  I  give  from  the  edition  of 
Schweighseuser.  YlepaicdOevTcov  he  rwv  Oi^plcov,  avaXafiwv 
'Avvi^a<i  TOV<i  €Xe(f)avTa<i  koI  rov'i  tTTTret?,  Trporjfye,  tovtol^ 
dirovpaycov,  irapa  rov  TrorafMOp'  utto  OaXdrTrjf;  (W9  iirl  rrjv  eco 
7roLOV/Mevo<;  rrjv  iropeiav,  qj?  e/?  Trjv  fieoro^auov  rrj'i  EupooTTT^?. 
"  The  elephants  having  been  brought  over,  Hannibal,  taking 
"  with  him  these  and  the  cavalry,  led  forward,  bringing  up 
"  the  rear  with  them,  along  the  river ;  making  his  march 
"  away  from  the  sea  as  it  were  towards  the  east,  as  if  into  the 
"  midland  of  Europe." 

We  know  that,  immediately  after  crossing  the  river,  the 
inclination   of  the   march  was,   for  some   way,  northward, 

VOL.  I.  J) 


34  Authority  of  PolyUus.  [part  ii. 

But  it  is  not  to  that  first  inclination  that  the  idea  of  east- 
ward is  applied.  It  is  applied  to  the  scope  of  march  which 
was  before  them  to  the  plain  of  Italy.  The  first  moving 
forward  is  seen  in  the  word  Trporjye.  The  making  a  march 
is  seen  in  iroiovfievo^  iropeiav,  words  which  import  a  large 
stretch  of  the  expedition,  or  the  whole  of  it.  Uapa  top 
wora/jLov  belongs  to  Trporjye :  but  m  eVi  Trjv  eco  belongs  to 
TTOLovfieuof;  iropelav.  Dr.  Ukert  desires  to  annex  this  idea  of 
eastward  to  Trporjye :  and  he  would  alter  the  usual  punctu- 
ation by  removing  the  stop  from  iroTa/jLov,  and  placing  it 
after  eay.  This  may  also  be  inferred  from  the  reviewer's 
report  of  the  criticism,*  where  the  sentence  is  badly  divided 
into  two  parts,  for  telling  the  progress:  the  words  Trporjye 
diro  OaXaTTt]^  0)9  eVl  t??z^  eo)  are  translated  "  marched  away 
from  the  sea  eastward : "  and  the  remaining  words  iroiov^evo<; 
rrjv  TTOpelav  tw?  eh  rrjv  jxeGoyaiov  Trj<;  Evpooirrjfi  are  translated 
"  as  if  he  had  been  making  for  the  midland  parts  of  Europe." 
The  comma  after  iropelav  is  rejected. 

This  notion  of  fixing  "  eastward  "  upon  Trpofjye,  and  dis- 
connecting it  from  the  scope  of  the  march,  I  take  to  be 
erroneous.  Such  frame  of  sentence  as  we  have  here,  with 
the  verb  and  participle  and  an  object  of  movement,  is  very 
usual  with  Polybius  :  and  it  seems  to  me  that,  when  a  word 
like  TTporjye  represents  the  idea  of  setting  out  or  leading 
forward,  with  another  word  of  larger  sense  expressing  the 
idea  of  making  an  expedition  or  voyage,  the  words  which 
give  the  object  of  movement  (as  here  eVt  t'^v  eco)  cannot  be 
annexed  merely  to  the  former,  and  disconnected  from  the 
term  of  larger  sense.  We  read  i.  29,  i.  dvrjyovTo  iroiov- 
fievot  Tov  irXovv  w?  eirl  rrjv  Acffvrjv — "  they  set  sail  making 
their  voyage  as  for  Africa."  In  the  same  way,  iii.  17,  dva- 
fevfa?  e/c  rr}<;  Kai,vrj<;  TroXeo)^  Trporjye  Trocovfievof;  rrjv  TTOpelav 
€7rt  Trjv  Z  'KavOav—-"  having  disencamped  from  Carthagena 
*  See  beginning  of  this  chapter. 


CHAP,  il]  Strictures  of  Dr,  Ukert.  ? ' 

he  led  forward,  making  his  inarch  for  Saguntum."  In  such 
instances  hrl  with  its  substantive  must  belong  chiefly,  if  not 
exclusively,  to  the  word  which  denotes  the  making  a  voyage 
or  expedition. 

It  seems  equally  clear,  that,  in  the  sentence  before  us  the 
other  idea,  "  from  the  sea,"  must  be  subject  to  the  same 
appropriation ;  that  it  fixes  itself  upon  iroiovfievo^  iropeiav. 
There  would  be  no  force  in  saying  that  Hannibal  set  out 
from  the  sea ;  especially  if,  as  is  believed,  he  was  already 
above  Avignon.  But  there  is  good  sense  in  describing  the 
scope  of  march  that  was  now  before  him,  as  tending  from  the 
sea :  it  was  here  that,  having  hitherto  advanced,  as  it  were, 
parallel  with  the  sea-coast,*  he  turned  away  from  it,  and 
pursued  his  march  from  the  Ehone  to  the  plain  of  the  Po  as 
the  object:  especially  as  the  next  sentence  gives  a  south- 
west direction  to  the  course  of  the  Ehone.  If  he  had  said 
that  the  march  from  Carthagena  to  the  Rhone  had  been  ©9 
7rpo9  dpKTov,  and  that  now  it  would  be  eo?  eVl  ttjv  'ia),  the 
distinction  would  not  have  been  objected  to. 

The  rejection  of  the  comma  after  Trope  lav  is  also  sub- 
servient to  the  error  of  Dr.  Ukert's  criticism.  The  stop  is 
in  its  proper  place.  In  fact,  the  sentence  was  complete  with 
TTopeiaVy  and  without  the  words  which  follow.  The  idea 
which  those  last  words  express,  serves  to  enforce  the  purport 
of  the  sentence,  by  suggesting  an  object  of  movement  in 
addition  to  that  which  is  already  expressed;  the  addition 
occurring,  as  is  not  unusual,  to  a  writer  or  speaker,  just  as  he 
is  completing  his  sentence. 

Some  have  conceived  a  low  estimate  of  the  early  authority 
of  Polybius,  on  the  ground  that  geographical  accuracy  must 

*  He  had  brought  his  forces  from  the  Pyrenees  to  the  place 
where  they  crossed  the  Rhone,  "having  the  Sardinian  Sea  on 
right  hand."     Lib.  iii.  c.  41. 

D  2 


36  Authority  of  Polyhms.  [part  II. 

have  been  improved  in  the  long  interval  which  followed  him, 
giving  to  the  Romans  an  increased  acquaintance  with  the 
countries  of  the  world.  Hence  the  distrust  of  ancient 
authority  seems  not  to  extend  to  Strabo.  This  geographer 
was  precisely  the  contemporary  of  Livy.  I  only  advert  to 
his  errors,  because  others  on  the  faith  of  his  superiority 
criminate  his  predecessor.  Dr.  Ukert  will  deduce  a  fact  of 
actual  distance  from  the  loosest  data  of  Strabo,  rather  than 
accept  it  from  the  most  direct  and  safe  e^ddence  of  the 
present  day. 

The  fourth  book  of  Strabo  was  not  completed  till  sixty 
years  after  the  deatli  of  Julius  Caesar.  This  able  and  accom- 
plished man  bears  in  matters  of  geography  an  authority 
analogous  to  that  of  Polybius :  he  related  things  which  had 
come  under  his  own  observation,  being  most  competent  to 
judge  of  them  and  to  explain  them :  but,  as  he  was  not 
infallible,  the  geographer  by  profession,  coming  after  him, 
might  have  corrected  his  faults.  When  the  latter  wrote, 
there  had  been  opportunity  of  improving  upon  the  knowledge 
of  Gaul  and  Britain  which  had  belonged  to  Caesar.  Strabo 
professes  to  have  read  the  Commentaries :  he  observes  that 
Caesar  had  passed  twice  into  Britain,  and  soon  returned, 
having  done  no  great  things,  nor  penetrated  far  into  the 
island ;  but  that  in  later  times  some  of  the  British  chiefs  had 
cultivated  the  favour  of  Augustus,  and  brought  nearly  the 
whole  island  to  be  in  familiar  intimacy  with  the  Romans ; 
that  they  yielded  small  duties  on  exports  and  imports,  but 
needed  not  a  garrison  to  control  them.* 

We  are  entitled  to  expect  some  geographical  improvement. 
Note  the  amount  of  it.  .  Caesar  wrote  that  of  the  three  sides 
of  Britain  the  side  opposite  to  Gaul  was  the  shortest :  Strabo 
writes  that  it  is  the  longest.  Caesar  wrote  that  Ireland  was 
to  the  west  of  Britain :  Strabo  writes  that  it  is  to  the  north. 

*  iv.  p.  200. 


CHAP.  II.]  Strictures  of  Dr.  Ukert.  37 

Caesar  wrote  that  the  side  of  Britain  opposite  to  Gaul  was  in 
length  500  miles  :  Strabo  writes  that  it  is  5,000  stadia  =  625 
miles.  One  is  surprised  that  he  did  not  make  it  more ;  con- 
sidering that  he  reports  the  coast  of  Britain  to  face  the  coast 
of  Gaul,  with  their  extreme  points  corresponding  both  east 
and  west. — Caesar  de  Bell.  Gall.  v.  c.  13.  Strab.  i.  63 — iv. 
199. 

In  the  passage  last  referred  to,  Strabo  thus  expresses  him- 
self— "  Britain  is  in  figure  triangular :  her  longest  side  is 
"  that  which  is  spread  opposite  to  Gaul,  being  in  extent 
"  neither  more  nor  less :  each  is  as  much  as  4,300  or  4,400 
"  stadia ;  that  is  to  say,  the  Gallic  coast  from  the  mouths  of 
"  the  Ehine  to  the  northern  extremity  of  tiie  Pyrenees  in 
"  Aquitania;  and  the  British  coast  from  the  most, easterly 
"  point  where  Kent  lies  opposite  the  mouths  of  the  Rhine,  to 
"  the  western  head  which  is  over  against  Aquitania  and  the 
"  Pyreneau.  This  too  is  the  shortest  distance  from  the  Pyre- 
"  nees  to  the  Rhine,  as  the  greatest  has  been  called  5,000 
"  stadia :  but  there  is  probably  some  convergence  from  the 
"  parallel  position  of  the  river  and  the  mountain,  a  bend 
"  taking  place  in  each  line  near  its  termination  at  the  ocean." 

Thus  does  the  authority  of  the  Augustan  day,  writing 
nearly  a  century  and  a  half  after  Polybius,  instruct  the 
world  that  the  coast  from  Margate  to  Penzance  is  parallel  to 
and  of  equal  length  with  the  coast  from  the  Brill  to  the 
Bidassoa ;  and  that  this  is  the  shortest  way,  from  the  course 
of  the  Rhine  to  the  chain  of  the  Pyrenees,  by  reason  that 
these  two  lines  rather  converge  as  they  approach  the  ocean. 


38  A  uthority  of  PolyUus.  [part  ii. 


CHAPTER   III. 

The  PolyUan  Map  of  M.  Gossellin.     His  reference  to  Pliny  for 
confirming  it     His  theory  on  the  Stade. 

Nothing  can  be  more  injurious  to  the  fame  of  Polybius 
than  the  map  of  the  celebrated  French  philosopher,  M.  Gos- 
sellin, which  professes  to  represent  the  Mediterranean  of 
Polybius,  with  the  positions  of  places  according  to  his 
writings.  This  map  is  annexed  to  M.  Gossellin's  great  work, 
"  Recherches  sur  la  Geographic  systematique  et  positive  des 
Anciens,"  where  it  is  called  "  Polybii  Internum  Mare ;"  also 
to  the  well-known  translation  of  Strabo,  where  it  is  called 
"  Mer  Interieure  selon  Polybe."  Such  a  map  ought  to  be 
according  to  the  authority  of  the  imputed  author. 

Let  us  suppose  a  course  along  the  south  of  the  Mediter- 
ranean in  three  instalments :  Gibraltar  to  Tunis  :  Tunis  to 
Cape  Passaro  :  Cape  Passaro  to  Rosetta  at  the  mouth  of  the 
Nile.  These  four  places  represent,  sufficiently  for  our  pur- 
pose, the  Pillars  of  Hercules,  Carthage,  Pachynus,  and  Ca- 
nopus.  Now  the  first  distance,  from  Gibraltar  to  Tunis,  is 
in  fact  more  than  three  times  as  great  as  the  second,  from 
Tunis  to  Cape  Passaro :  and  the  last,  from  Cape  Passaro  to 
Rosetta,  is  greater  than  the  first.  The  Polybian  chart  of 
M.  Gossellin  exhibits  the  second  or  middle  distance  as  being 
the  greatest  of  the  three:  it  places  Carthage  farther  from 
Pachynus  than  from  the  Pillars  of  Hercules ;  and  Pachynus 
nearly  twice  as  far  from  Carthage  as  from  the  mouth  of  the 
Nile.  Equally  monstrous  and  foreign  from  fact  are  the 
distances  pourtrayed  from  the  coast  of  Carthage  to  the  coast 
of  Sicily  and  to  Marseille :  the  former  of  these  two  is  in  fact 
not  a  fourth  of  the  latter :  M.  Gossellin,  on  behalf  of  Polybius, 
represents  it  as  more  than  double  of  the  latter. 


CHAP,  in.]  M.  Gossellin's  Carte  de  Polybe.  39 

M.  Gossellin's  map  represents  Italy  with  a  straight  line  of 
Mediterranean  coast  from  Narbonne  to  Policastro.  Now  Poly- 
bius  distinctly  recognises  the  great  bend  of  Italy,  when  he  says 
that  the  Tyrrhenian  and  Sicilian  seas  bound  that  side  which 
faces  the  south  and  the  west — rrjv  irpbt;  fiearjfi^piav  kcu  Sva/juaf; 
T€TpafifjLev7]v,  ii.  14  His  apprehension  of  the  bearings  appears 
too  in  what  he  says  on  the  chain  of  the  Apennine ;  he  ranges 
it  along  the  southern  border  of  the  great  plain.  He  says  that 
Ligurians  dwell  on  either  side  of  it  as  far  as  Pisse  on  the  sea- 
side, and  the  lands  of  the  Arretini  on  the  side  towards  the 
plain  ;  that  you  then  have  the  Etrurians  on  one  side  and 
the  Umbrians  on  the  other :  that  the  Apennine  bears  away 
from  the  great  plain  to  the  right,  and  through  the  middle  of 
the  rest  of  Italy  reaches  to  the  Sicilian  sea.  As  to  the  other 
coast,  he  speaks  of  the  side  of  Italy  which  is  bounded  by  the 
Adriatic  and  the  Ionian  strait  as  the  eastern  side — t^j/  tt/oo? 
dvaTo\a<;  KekXifjuevijv :  and  he  names  the  promontory  of 
Cocynthus  as  separating  the  Ionian  strait  from  the  Sicilian 
sea.     Lib.  ii.  14,  5. 

One  who  is  acquainted  with  Polybius,  knowing  his  Italy, 
and  his  position  of  Sicily  in  relation  to  Italy  and  to  Africa, 
will  promptly  condemn  much  of  the  map  we  speak  of  as  a 
delusion.  But  numbers  have  seen,  and  will  see,  M.  Gossellin's 
Mediterranean  of  Polybius  in  one  or  other  of  his  celebrated 
works,  who  have  not  read  Polybius  himself :  and  these  will 
be  misled. 

I  believe  that  not  one  of  the  disproportions  apparent  in 
this  map  is  based  upon  anything  found  in  the  works  of  Poly- 
bius. The  chief  attempt  to  fix  an  extravagant  measurement 
on  him  is  by  an  inference  drawn  from  Strabo,  through  which 
M.  Gossellin  imputes  to  Polybius  an  estimate  of  18,766  stadia 
as  the  length  of  a  direct  sea-line  from  the  Pillars  of  Hercules 
to  the  Sicilian  strait.  If  that  numeral  were  found  expressed 
by  Strabo,  such  authority  is  surely  not  safe  for  what  was 


40  Authority  ofPolyhius.  [PART  II. 

written  by  one  wlio  preceded  him  by  nearly  a  century  and  a 
half:  especially  when  we  remember  Strabo's  own  report  of 
the  Mediterranean,  and  that  from  the  entrance  at  Gibraltar 
he  carried  a  parallel  up  the  Mediterranean,  as  lying  midway 
between  the  coast  of  Europe  and  the  coast  of  Africa,  distant 
2,500  stadia  from  each. 

But  we  are  not  quite  without  evidence  from  Polybius  him- 
self to  show  that  he  would  not  have  so  given  the  line  from 
the  strait  to  the  Pillars.  We  read,  in  lib.  iii.  39,  2 — "At  this 
"  period  (Hannibal's  invasion)  the  Carthaginians  were  masters 
"  of  all  parts  of  Libya  which  are  towards  the  inner  sea,  from 
"  the  Altars  of  Philaenus  which  stand  above  the  Great  Syrtis, 
"  as  far  as  the  Pillars  of  Hercules  :  and  this  length  of  coast 
"  was  above  sixteen  thousand  stadia."  Can  we  believe  that 
Polybius  conceived  the  Sicilian  strait  to  be  at  a  greater  dis- 
tance from  the  Pillars  than  the  Altars  of  the  Phila^ni  were : 
that,  while  he  reckoned  this  south-eastern  part  of  the  Syrtis 
to  be  distant  16,000  stadia  from  the  Pillars  by  the  coasting 
line,  he  reckoned  the  Sicilian  strait  to  be  in  a  direct  line 
.18,766?  He  explored  those  countries  :  his  history  exhibits 
his  information  upon  them  along  the  whole  coast :  he  tells  the 
operations  of  the  fleets  during  the  first  Punic  war  :  *  and  at  a 
later  period  the  encroachments  of  Masinissa  on  the  Cartha- 
ginian possessions  :  f  he  knew  that  the  boundary  of  dominion 
was  far  eastward  of  the  district  of  Carthage  herself :  X  and  it 
was  in  his  time,  and  before  his  own  eyes,  that  this  empire 
passed  into  the  hands  of  the  Romans,  when  his  great  pupil 
Scipio  brought  these  very  tracts  into  the  condition  of  a  Roman 
province.  Did  he  then,  of  all  men,  after  he  had  recorded  the 
much  longer  line,  a  coast-line  too,  to  be  16,000  stadia;  did  he 
wade  through  a  trigonometrical  argument  for  proving  the 
much  shorter  line  to  be  18,766?  In  truth  this  16,000, fairly 
corresponds  with  other  rational  estimates  made  by  him,  and 
Polyb.  ii.  19.  2.         f  Ihid.  xxxii.  2.         %  Ibid.  x.  40.  7. 


* 


CHAP.  III.]  M.  Gossellin's  Carte  de  Polyhe.  41 

gives  a  cogent  disproof  of  the  extravagant  numeral  on  which 
M.  Gossellin  relied. 

In  the  same  region  of  the  same  map  is  another  very 
palpable  misrepresentation,  where  nothing  can  be  said  in 
mitigation  of  it.  I  mean  the  Polybian  distance  between 
Carthage  and  Lilybseum ;  that  is  to  say,  between  Tunis  and 
Marsala,  represented  by  M.  Gossellin  as  8,000  stadia.  These 
are  the  words  of  Polybius  himself — to  he  rpirov  (aKpcorrjpLov) 
TirpaTTTai  fiev  eh  avrrjv  ttjv  Ac^urjv,  iirlKeiTaL  Se  to?? 
7rpoK6i/JL€voL<;  ttJ?  Kap')^r]S6vo<i  aKpcorrjpioLf;  eu/caipo)?,  Ste^^ov 
(W9  '^t\ioV<i  arraSLOVfi'  vevei  S'  eU  ')(^6c/jL€pova<i  Bvaei<;,  Btaipel  Be 
TO  Al^vkov  koX  to  ^apSatov  7re\ayo<;,  irpoaayopeveTat  Be 
AiXv^acov.  This  is  in  all  points  true:  the  Lilybsean  pro- 
montory does  look  south-west  towards  the  forelands  of 
Carthage,  distant  about  a  thousand  stadia,  dividing  the 
Libyan  and  Sardinian  seas.  And  in  all  the  proper  works  of 
Polybius  not  a  word  can  be  found  to  excuse  M.  Gossellin  for 
substituting  8,000  for  1,000.  ^  ' 

JSTo  excuse  of  ignorance  or  mistake  is  made;  the  thing 
professes  to  be  a  misrepresentation.  These  words  (Eech.  ii.  19) 
avow  it : — "  Cependant,  il  existe  une  grande  erreur  dans  cette 
"  partie  de  la  Carte  de  Polybe.  En  partant  de  la  Sicile,  il 
"  place  la  promontoire  Lilybee  au  couchant,  et  dit  qu'il  est 
"  eloigne  de  mille  stades  des  caps  qui  sont  pres  de  Carthage  ; 
"  dans  notre  carte,  le  distance  entre  ces  deux  points  se  trouve 
"  ^tre  d'environ  8,000  stades.  Une  difference  si  considerable 
"  ne  peut  provenir  que  de  deux  causes ;  ou  d'un  faux  emploi 
"  que  nous  aurions  fait  des  grandes  distances  de  Polybe  dans 
"  la  Mediterran^e,  ou  d'un  defaut  d'ensemble  dans  le  syst^me 
"  general  des  mesures  adoptees  par  cet  historien.  Pour  ce 
"  qui  nous  concerne,  le  doute  ne  peut  tomber  que  sur  la 
"  correction  que  nous  avons  faite  au  texte  de  Pline."  * 
.  Does  the  erroneous  exhibition  of  geography  become  a  fair 
*  For  this,  see  the  next  head.  * 


41  Authority  of  Pol^hius,  [PABT 11. 

proceeding  by  M.  Gossellin's  confessing  the  discrepancy 
between  the  real  Polybius  and  his  own?  His  arguments  and 
his  confessions  are  no  doubt  accessible  to  those  who  will  get 
them  and  read  them ;  but  how  many  will  see  the  map  and 
not  study  the  comments  !  The  knowledge  of  a  published 
map  is  far  more  than  commensurate  with  that  of  the  work  to 
which  it  belongs.  The  student  may  contemplate  this  "  Inter- 
num mare  Polybii,"  without  exploring  the  four  quarto  volumes 
on  ancient  geography :  he  may  be  attracted  by  the  same 
geographical  poitrait,  "Mer  Mediterran^e  selon  Polybe" 
belonging  to  the  five  volumes  of  Strabo,  translated  by  Du 
Theil,  Coray,  and  Letronne,  not  scrutinising  the  principles  on 
which  it  was  framed,  but  relying  on  the  name  of  Gossellin 
for  its  truth.  It  is  awkward,  under  any  circumstances,  to 
represent  a  man  as  having  said  eight,  when  you  know  that 
he  said  one  ;  and  the  more  so,  when  you  know  that,  in  saying 
one,  he  spoke  deliberate  truth.  M.  Gossellin  was  well- 
informed  of  the  facts  from  which  Polybius's  acquaintance 
with  aU  the  ground  of  Sicily  must  be  inferred ;  his  description 
of  the  long  wars  in  which  every  foot  of  land  had  been  won 
and  lost,  and  every  village  subjected  to  the  violence  of 
contending  parties.  He  knew  of  Polybius's  crossings  into 
Africa,  and  his  study  of  that  continent  from  the  Nile  to  the 
Atlantic.  In  some  leading  distances  the  historian  had  spoken 
plainly  for  himself,  even  if  Pliny  had  said  nothing  to  illustrate 
him.  Yet,  M.  Gossellin,  clinging  to  that  loose  and  half-told 
story  of  Strabo,  constructs  upon  this  basis  a  system  for 
Polybius,  holds  him  answerable  for  all  results,  and  bids  him 
bear  the  blame.  One  can  understand  that  a  man,  wanting  to 
make  a  map  for  ancient  times,  may  feel  himself  embarrassed 
in  the  "defaut  d'ensemble"  among  the  authorities  that  lie 
before  him.  But  in  pourtraying  the  geography  of  some  one 
author,  if  any  measurements  can  claim  to  be  observed,  they 
are  the  measurements  of  that  author  himself ;  and  one,  who 


CHAP.  III.]  M,  GossellirCs  Carte  de  Polyhe.  '  43 

could  only  make  a  Polybian  map  by  sacrificing  those,  might 
have  abstained  from  the  attempt. 


His  appeal  to  Pliny. 

I  must  be  content  with  my  protest  against  this  map.  One 
who  ventures  to  be  dissatisfied  with  M.  Gossellin  on  ancient 
measures  of  space,  should  be  prepared  to  canvas  the  new 
doctrines  of  the  Stade,  for  which  he  was  so  great  an  advocate. 
I  am  not  armed  for  such  encounter.  I  may  recommend  the 
perusal  of  what  Dr.  Ukert  has  written  in  vol.  I.  of  his  geo- 
graphy, 2d  division,  p.  51 — 77 :  also  of  Col.  Leake's  paper  on 
the  Stade  in  the  Journal  of  the  Eoyal  Geographical  Society, 
vol.  ix.  However,  as  in  M.  Gossellin's  words  above  quoted, 
he  refers  to  his  own  alteration  of  Pliny's  text,  and  in  Eecher- 
ches,  ii.  p.  12,  acknowledges  the  propriety  of  showing  the 
enormous  distance  which  he  is  imputing  to  Polybius  to  be 
confirmed  by  other  authority,  and  there  commends  us  to 
Pliny,  I  will  submit  to  those  who  are  more  competent  than 
I  am  to  deal  with  such  matters,  that  Pliny  does  not  confirm 
M.  Gossellin's  imputation  on  Polybius,  but  plainly  dissents 
from  it. 

M.  Gossellin  adduces  two  passages  of  Pliny,*  one  from  the 
5th  book,  c.  6,  the  other  from  the  6th  book,  c.  38.  The 
earlier  passage  attributes  to  Polybius  1,100  miles  from  the 
Pillars  to  Carthage :  and  this  is  unequivocally  hostile  to  the 
notion  that  he  estimated  18,766  stades  =  2,345|-  miles  from 
the  Pillars  to  the  Sicilian  Strait.  The  passage  in  the  6th 
book  M.  Gossellin  amends,  so  that  it  may  answer  his  purpose; 
altering  the  received  version  of  Pliny  before  he  applies  it. 

Pliny  quotes  from  Polybius  the  length  of  the  Mediter- 
ranean ;  a  sea-line,  from  the  Pillars  to  Seleucia  Pieria,  in 
six  instalments,  making  a  total  of  2,440  miles.     They  are 

*  Eecherches,  torn.  ii.  pp.  8,  9,  13, 


44  Anthority  of  Polyhins.  [part  II. 

stated  tlms  :  ^  (laditano  freto  ad  orientem  recto  cursu  Sici- 
lian! :  Cretam :  Ehodum :  Chelidonias  :  Cyprum  :  Syriae  Seleu- 
ciam  Pieriam — which  M.  Gossellin  thus  presents  in  trans- 
lation, with  the  distances — * 

Du  d^troit  de  Gades,  au  d^troit  de  Sicile  1260|^  m.  p. 

Dii  detroit  de  Sicile,  a  Tile  de  Cr^te  .     .  375 

De  rile  de  Cr^te,  ^  Ehodes 183^ 

De  Ehodes,  aux  lies  Chelidonise    .     .     .  183|- 

Des  Chelidonise,  h.  I'ile  de  Cypre  ...  322 
De  Cypre,  k  Seleucie  en  Pierie     .     .     . 


1151 


2,440  m.  p. 

As  the  total  2,440  m.  p.  is  confessedly  inadequate,  one  or 
more  of  the  parts  must  require  to  be  increased  beyond  the 
amount  so  imputed  to  them.  M.  Gossellin  thinks  the  total 
too  short  by  1,000  miles,  and  says  it  should  be  3,440.  But, 
though  it  is  in  six  parts,  he  bestows  the  whole  increase  on 
one  part ;  not  saying  a  word  upon  the  other  five.  He  ratifies 
his  favourite  exaggeration  k  Gaditano  freto  Siciliam ;  and, 
bestowing  the  additional  1,000  miles  on  the  1,260^  miles  of 
the  text,  brings  out  for  that  interval  2,260|^  miles,  alias  1 8,837 
stades ;  which  keeps  18,766  in  countenance. 

Now  it  may  be  doubted,  whether  by  Siciliam  Pliny  meant 
the  first  land  of  Sicily,  or,  as  M.  Gossellin  renders  it,  the 
Strait.  If  the  former,  1,260|^  m.  p.  would  need  no  correction, 
being  10,084  stades.  M.  Gossellin,  however,  construing  Sici- 
liam "to  the  Strait,"  includes  in  the  1,260|-  m.  p.  the  length 
of  Sicily :  and  for  that,  the  stated  distance  would  certainly 
not  be  enough  :  as  12,000  stades  (1,500  miles)  was  the  com- 
monly accepted  distance  from  the  Pillars  to  the  Strait.  But 
why  add  the  whole  1,000  miles  (8,000  stades)  to  this  first 

♦  There  are  various  readings.  It  is  convenient  to  quote  as 
printed  in  R^cherches,  ii.  8. 


CHAP.  III.]  M.  Gossellin's  Carte  de  Polyhe.  45 

instalment  ?  Supposing  the  deficiency  of  the  total  to  have 
been  1,000  miles,  why  add  it  all  to  this  particular  portion  of 
the  length  of  the  Mediterranean,  without  inquiring  whether 
some  of  the  other  component  parts  may  not  require  correc- 
tion ?  Manifestly  the  next  instalment  requires  increase ; 
Cretam,  375  m.  p.  This  is  very  much  below  what  it  should 
be.  The  mere  sea-line  between  those  great  islands  must  be 
more  than  500  miles;  and,  if  the  first  distance  was  to  embrace 
the  length  of  Sicily,  the  second  would,  according  to  M.  Gos- 
sellin,  embrace  the  length  of  Crete,  about  200  more.  If 
Siciliam  means,  as  he  says,  "  to  the  eastern  end  of  Sicily," 
Cretam  must  mean  "  to  the  eastern  end  of  Crete."  On  the 
other  hand,  if  Siciliam  meant,  "  to  the  first  land  of  Sicily," 
the  next  distance,  "to  Crete,"  should  include  Sicily  itself. 
The  thing  told  is  the  whole  length  k  Gaditano  freto  Seleu- 
ciam  ;  and  the  length  of  those  islands  cannot  be  omitted. 

And  now,  what  is  the  result  of  the  reference  to  Pliny  ? 
Does  it  give  countenance  to  the  monster  sea-line  which  M. 
Gossellin  imputes  ?  does  it  confirm  it  and  rectify  it  into 
18,837  ?  It  happens  that,  when  Pliny  had  this  2,440  miles 
of  Poly  bins  under  consideration,  3,440  was  offered  to  his 
attention  as  more  correct,  being  a  distance  stated  by  Agrippa 
between  the  same  termini.  But  Pliny  questioned  this  amend- 
ment as  erroneous,  and  declined  to  accede  to  it.  If  he  had 
listened  to  so  large  an  addition  to  the  total,  it  would  not 
follow  that  M.  Gossellin's  favourite  instalment  should  enjoy 
the  whole  of  it.  However,  all  difficulty  is  met  with  com- 
placently assuring  us,  that  Pliny  had  a  bad  edition  of  Poly- 
bius — "  II  faut  en  conclure,  que  I'erreur  que  Pline  entre- 
voyoit,  etoit  dans  I'exemplaire  de  Polybe,  qu'il  avoit  sous 
les  yeux,  et  non  dans  celui  dAgrippa,  comme  il  le  conjectu- 
roit." — Geog.  des  Anciens,  ii.  p.  10. 


46  Authority  of  PolyUus,  [part  ii. 

New  Theory  of  the  Stade. 

To  those  who  may  not  be  aware  of  this  controversy  on  the 
stade,  I  am  safe  in  saying,  that  a  leading  principle  of  M. 
Gossellin's  theory  is,  that  the  apparent  errors  in  distances 
expressed  by  the  early  philosophers,  and  which  were  deemed 
so  by  one  another,  were  not  actually  errors  :  that  if  one  man 
pronounced  the  circumference  of  the  earth  to  be  twice  as 
long  as  another  man,  they  were  probably  both  right,  and 
that  the  cause  of  the  apparent  difference  was  the  difference 
of  stades  in  which  the  measurements  had  been  originally 
computed.  M.  Gossellin  exhibits  many  of  these  varieties  in 
the  total  perimeter  from  180,000  to  400,000  stadia,  and  from 
500  to  1,1  Hi  stadia  in  the  degree. 

I  will  only  observe,  that  it  is  easy  to  imagine  that  in  veiy 
early  times  men  might  differ,  even  by  two  to  one,  on  the 
size  of  the  earth ;  but  not  so  easy  to  believe  it  as  to  small 
superficial  distances  between  one  place  and  another.  Here 
some  approach  to  truth  would  be  perceptible  to  observation 
and  experience,  not  in  the  other  case.  But  M.  Gossellin 
accounts  in  the  same  way  for  differences  in  measurements  on 
the  largest  scale  and  the  smallest.  When  he  blames  Strabo 
for  censuring  those  who  differed  on  th(i  large  distances  in 
India,  he  pronounces  all  their  measurements  to  be  "iden- 
tiques,  quoiqu'  exprimees  en  modules  differens  :"  that  Patro- 
cles  had  expressed  himself  in  stades  of  666|-  to  the  degree ; 
Megasthenes  in  those  of  1,1 11^;  and  Eratosthenes  in  those 
of  833^ — and,  when  he  finds  in  Strabo,  iv.  178,  that  from 
Aix  en  Proven9e  to  the  Var  it  is  73  miles,  he  explains 
that  this  distance  had  been  calculated  at  the  rate  of  500 
stades  to  a  degree.  When  presently  Strabo  reports  200  stadia 
along  the  Ehone  from  Vienne  to  Lyon,  M.  Gossellin  inter- 
prets them  by  the  standard  of  833  J.  Notes  to  Strabon,  torn.  ii. 
pp.  7.  and  27. 


CHAP.  III.]  M.  Gossellin's  Carte  de  Polybe.  47 

Among  the  instances  given  by  M.  Gossellin  as  examples 
of  his  method  of  explaining  supposed  differences,  none  is 
more  remarkable  than  that  of  the  direct  sea-line  from  the 
Pillars  to  the  Strait.  He  says  that  one  philosopher  treated 
it  as  expressed  in  stades  of  500  to  the  degree ;  another  in 
stades  of  1,1 11^  to  the  degree ;  another  in  stades  of  700  to 
the  degree  :  that  Eratosthenes  happened  to  adopt  an  estimate 
made  on  the  footing  of  180,000  to  the  circumference ;  that 
Polybius  hit  upon  a  computation  resulting  from  400,000  ; 
and  Strabo  had  the  good  fortune  to  find  one  founded  upon 
252,000. 

He  insists  that  all  these  reckonings  were  right,  though  the 
philosophers  were  not  aware  of  it  themselves.  These  are 
his  words,* — "  Get  ancien,  (Eratosthenes),  comptoit,  en  ligne 
"  droite,  depuis  le  d^troit  des  Colonnes  jusqu'au  detroit  de 
"Sicile,  8,800  stades;  Polybe  vouloit  qu'il  en  eut  18,837; 
"  et  Strabon,  critiquant  ces  deus  auteurs,  pretend  qu'il  s'en 
"  trouve  12,000." 

"  La  grande  dissemblance  de  ces  dernieres  mesures  feroit 
"  croire,  au  premier  aspect,  qu'il  est  impossible  de  les  con- 
"  cilier,  et  que  I'une  on  I'autre,  ou  toutes  les  trois  peut-^tre, 
"  renferment  des  erreurs  considerables.  Cependant,  on  les 
"  trouvera  assez  justes,  si  Ton  soit  distinguer  le  module 
"  du  stade  qui  appartient  k  chacune  d'elles."  But  I  am 
warned  to  pause.  Our  subject  is  historical ;  not  pre-histo- 
rical.  And,  though  a  theory  which  involves  the  incidents  of 
unrecorded  times  may  tempt  to  amusing  speculations,  I  will, 
without  further  running  out  of  the  course,  proceed  to  business 
in  the  persuasion  that  the  stade  of  Herodotus  was  the  stade 
of  Aristotle  and  Eratosthenes.  A  few  words  are  wanted 
touching  the  stade  of  Polybius. 

*  Eech.  torn.  iv.  p.  315. 


48  Authority  of  Polybius,  [PATiT  ii. 


CHAPTEE  IV. 

On  the  Stade  of  Polyhius,  and  his  Distances. 

PoLYBius  reckons  distances  from  place  to  place,  commonly 
by  the  stade,  a  Greek  measure ;  sometimes  by  the  mile,  a 
Eoman  measure.  The  one  was  not  a  precise  multiple  of  the 
other ;  but  the  mile  was  almost  equivalent  to  eight  stades, 
wanting  about  22  English  feet.  Eight  stades  to  a  mile  is  the 
rate  by  which  Livy  adopts  distances  from  Polybius :  and 
Polybius  himself  sanctioned  this  ratio,  in  saying  that  the 
Eomans  had  marked  their  roads  with  indications  of  distance 
at  intervals  of  eight  stades.  If  ever  there  was  a  man  in  the 
world  who  knew  rightly  what  a  stade  was,  and  what  a  mile 
was,  one  would  think  that  Polybius  had  that  knowledge. 
But  here  again  there  is  controversy.  M.  Gossellin,  in  1798, 
propounded  that  Polybius  had  a  stade  of  his  own  ;  and  Dr. 
Ukert,  notwithstanding  what  he  had  written  on  measure- 
ments in  1816,  became  a  convert  to  the  notion  in  1832. 

The  notion  that  Polybius  treated  the  Eoman  mile  as  equal 
to  8J  stades  rests  only  on  a  few  words  of  Strabo,  lib.  vii. 
p.  322.  The  passage  translated  is  this : — "  From  ApoUonia, 
"  the  Egnatian  way  is  eastward  into  Macedonia,  stepped  by 
"  the  mile ;  and  furnished  with  columns  as  far  as  Cypselus 
"  and  the  river  Hebrus,  535  miles.  Eeckoning  the  mile  at 
"  8  stades,  as  men  usually  do,  this  would  be  4,280  stades. 
"  But  if,  like  Polybius,  you  add  to  the  eight  stades  two  plethra, 
"  the  third  of  a  stade,  the  number  will  be  increased  by  178, 
"  being  a  third  of  the  number  of  miles." 

Here  Strabo  has  been  thought  to  impute  to  Polybius  that, 
in  opposition  to  the  rest  of  the  world,  he  reckoned  the  mile 
as  equal  to  ^  stades.  In  DAnville's  Traite  des  mesures 
Itin^raires,  p.  54,  he  says  this  :— "  Quand  on  lit  dans  Strabon 


CHAP.  IV.]  His  Stade  and  Distances.  49 

"  que  selon  la  comparaison  que  faisait  Polybe  de  Tintervalle 
"  des  colonnes  milliaires  a  des  stades  sur  cette  voie,  il  comp- 
"  toit  8  stades  et  un  tiers  pour  un  mille,  il  ne  s'ensuit  pas 
"  qu'on  soit  dans  I'obligation  de  prolonger  le  mille  d'un  tiers 
"  de  stade,  pour  suffire  en  rigueur  k  cette  Evaluation ;  et  il 
^*  n'y  faut  voir  qu'une  m^prise,  qui  peut  procEder  de  la  pro- 
"  portion  du  pied  Grec  au  pied  Komain,  comme  25  est  h  24." 

Whatever  brought  Strabo  to  make  the  allusion  to  Polybius, 
it  was  probably  caused  by  a  confusion  between  the  Greek 
and  Eoman  foot.  The  stade  is  a  Greek  measure,  consisting 
of  600  Greek  feet :  the  mile  is  a  Eoman  measure,  consisting 
of  5,000  Eoman  feet — that  is  to  say,  1,000  steps  of  five  Eoman 
feet :  thus,  5,000  Eoman  feet  being  a  mile,  the  eighth  is  625. 
And,  if  a  man  should  imagine  such  a  thing  as  a  stade  of  600 
Eoman  feet,  and  make  his  mile  with  eight  of  such  false  stades, 
one  should  say  to  him,  "  If  you  employ  a  stade  like  that,  you 
must  take  not  8,  but  8J  of  them  to  make  a  mile."  The 
blunder  would  require  that  correction:  but  Strabo's  words 
intimate  that  Polybius,  in  his  own  estimation  of  a  Eoman 
mile,  added  to  eight  stades  the  BiTrXedpov,  which  is  the  third 
of  the  Greek  measure.  Now  there  is  nothing  in  the  works 
of  Polybius,  or  any  "other  author,  where  such  an  idea  is  to  be 
traced  :  and  one  may  prefer  the  Kara  a-Ta^lov^  oktco  of  Poly- 
bius himself  to  the  a><;  noXv^io<;  of  Strabo. 

Strabo  does  not  introduce  this  observation  as  appropriate 
to  the  matter  that  he  is  speaking  of  in  the  seventh  book, 
namely,  the  length  of  the  Egnatian  way :  it  would  equally 
have  suited  any  otlier  assertion  of  milliary  distance  in  any 
part  of  his  works ;  nothing  shows  why  it  has  come  in  here. 
Macedonia  may  have  been  the  first  conquered  state  in  which 
the  Eoman  mile  was  employed,  and  indicated  by  columns  ; 
and,  if  any  such  blunder  as  a  Eoman  stade  had  occurred, 
which  does  not  appear,  Polybius  was  a  likely  man  to  notice 
it.     But  a  greater  improbability  was  never  suggested  than 

VOL.  I.  E 


60  Authority  of  FohjUus.  [part  ii. 

that  he  himself  made  the  mHe  200  Greek  feet  longer  than 
the  rest  of  the  world  ;  he  had  the  best  opportunity  of  under- 
standing both  Greek  and  Eoman  weights  and  measures  ;  and, 
if  such  a  man,  one  so  much  referred  to  by  those  who  came 
after  him,  had  so  estimated  a  measure  which  he  has  to  men- 
tion in  almost  every  page  that  he  writes,  this  one  oblique 
reference  to  it  in  Strabo's  seventh  book  would  not  be  the 
only  clue.  If  the  fact  were  true,  Strabo  would  have  disclosed 
the  notion  in  a  less  questionable  manner.  But  the  notion  is 
supported  by  nothing,  either  in  Strabo  or  any  other  author  : 
it  is  contradicted  by  Livy  when  he  translates  the  stades  of 
Polybius  into  miles,  as  in  the  case  of  Hanno's  march  up  the 
Ehone,  200  st.  =  25  m.  p. ;  it  is  contradicted  by  Polybius 
himself.  When  he  says  in  a  parenthesis,  iii.  39,  that  the 
Komans  marked  their  distances  along  the  Iberian  coast  at 
intervals  of  eight  stadia,  do  we  not  see  that  the  intervals 
were  Eoman  miles  ? 

M.  Gossellin  does  not  admit  this  notion  of  Polybius,  though 
reported  by  himself,  but  twists  it  into  another  shape  by  the 
aid  of  Strabo.  Noticing  the  Polybian  intervals  of  8  stadia, 
between  ''les  pierres  milliaires  que  mesuroient  et  ornoient  les 
voies  Eomaines,"  he  had  said  reasonably,  "  D'apr^s  ce  passage 
"  il  paroitroit  que  Polybe  auroit  reconnu  que  le  mille  Eomain 
"  valoit  huit  stades  juste." — Eecherches,  ii.  p,  6.  But  in  the 
next  page  he  turns  away  from  those  appearances,  and  sub- 
mitting himself  to  "le  t^moignage  positif  d'un  auteur  aussi 
grave  que  Strabon,"  clings  to  the  8^  with  a  permanent  devo- 
tion.    All  his  calculations  are  made  on  that  footing. 

Dr.  Ukert,  in  his  elaborate  disquisition  on  ancient  measures 
of  length,  which  occupies  twentyrsix  pages  in  the  second  part 
of  his  first  volume  published  in  1816,  and  in  which  he  com_ 
bats  M.  Gossellin's  doctrines  on  the  stade,  notices  the  addition 
of  two  plethra  to  eight  stadia  which  Strabo  is  said  to  impute 
to   Polybius  :   and  then  says,  "  In  the  writings  of  Polybius 


CHAP.  IV.]  His  Stade  and  Distances.  51 

"  which  remain  to  us,  we  find  him  to  report  the  relation  of 
"  the  stade  to  the  mile,  the  same  as  others."  However,  in  the 
volume  published  in  1832,  p.  578,  this  learned  man,  taking 
part  in  the  Hannibal  controversy,  condemns  the  passage  in 
Polybius  as  spurious,  and  asserts  him  to  reckon  8^  stadia  to 
the  mile.  He  might  as  well  have  saved  his  consistency.  It 
will  appear  in  a  future  chapter  (Part  iii.  ch.  3),  that  he  shifted 
into  error  on  this  point  without  any  adequate  temptation. 
He  is  treating  "  Koman  measurements  in  Gaul  and  Spain." 
.  And  now  a  few  words  on  the  distances  of  Polybius,  No 
one  will  claim  for  his  measurements  that  they  are  minutely 
accurate :  for  they  are  commonly  expressed  in  round  hundreds 
of  stades ;  and  it  would  be  idle  to  suppose  that  the  length  of 
each  space  had  amounted  to  a  precise  multiple  of  an  hundred. 
Others  wrote  in  the  same  way.  Strabo  cites  the  opinions  of 
his  predecessors  in  hundreds  of  stades :  and  in  the  Eoman 
Itineraries  every  space  is  given  in  entire  miles,  the  mile  being 
5,000  Poman  feet :  no  fractions  are  ever  mentioned. 

But,  while  precision  is  disclaimed,  reasonable  accuracy  is 
fairly  to  be  supposed  in  Polybius.  The  rudeness  of  science 
made  calculations  of  space  across  the  ocean  a  matter  of  much 
difficulty:  there  was  not  the  same  difficulty  in  a  measure- 
ment from  Kome  to  Milan,  or  from  Mmes  to  Yalence.  In 
the  spaces  that  we  must  deal  with,  we  have  to  trust  to  Poly- 
bius alone  :  they  had  not  been  registered  from  prior  investiga- 
tion :  he  is  responsible ;  and  the  truthful  intention,  which  is 
conceded  to  him  by  all,  gives  a  presumption  of  accuracy 
where  error  is  not  apparent.  The  importance  of  his  distances 
is  peculiar,  for  the  usefulness  of  his  evidence  depends  upon 
them.  The  struggle,  as  we  proceed  from  point  to  point,  is  to 
identify  his  termini :  when  he  describes  a  portion  of  the  line 
of  march  from  an  ascertained  point,  the  disputation  is,  whether 
it  should  end  at  this  or  that  place  ;  accordingly,  the  length 
which  he  gives  to  the  interval  is  a  criterion  towards  de- 

e2 


gi  Authority  of  PolyUus.  [PAUT  ii. 

termining  what  that  place  was,  and  the  trustworthiness  of 
such  a  narrator  becomes  more  than  usually  important,  as  there 
are  not  the  conclusive  means  of  checking  his  accuracy. 

A  country  travelled,  is  ordinarily  shown  by  naming  in 
succession  the  places  through  which  a  traveller  has  passed. 
Such  is  not  the  index  to  Hannibal's  route  through  Gaul  and 
the  Alps  :  we  find  our  way  by  description  of  regions  traversed, 
with  allegation  of  time  and  space.  In  telling  the  story  of  the 
invasion,  there  is  a  point  in  the  progress  where  Polybius  lays 
aside 'the  usual  notices,  the  names  of  places  and  peoples. 
While  the  march  was  yet  in  Spain,  the  names  of  nations  who 
resisted  the  Carthaginians  have  been  freely  told :  Hannibal 
subdued  in  succession  the  Ilergetes,  the  Bargusii,  the  ^renosii, 
the  AndrosinL  The  country  spoken  of  had  long  been  the  seat 
of  war,  and,  in  naming  the  nations,  he  gave  an  intelligible 
clothing  to  his  ideas  :  all  readers  might  know  the  points  of 
distance  from  Carthagena  to  the  Ebro,  and  from  the  Ebro  to 
Emporium,  But  from  the  Pyrenees  to  the  plain  of  Italy  he 
was  employed  on  a  line  of  movement  which,  when  he  wrote, 
was  untrodden  by  the  armies  of  Eome  from  one  extremity  to 
the  other.  Scipio  had  advanced  a  little  way  from  the  eastern 
mouth  of  the  Ehone,  and  visited  the  site  of  the  Carthaginian 
encampment ;  but  he  returned  to  his  ships,  not  having 
trodden  one  stadium  of  Hannibal's  route. 

Polybius  felt  the  risk  of  error  which  there  would  be  in 
attempting  here  the  usual  memorials  of  a  track  ;  and  sought 
a  safer  method  of  instruction.  In  that  whole  course,  from 
the  Pyrenees  to  the  plain  of  Italy,  we  do  not  find  one  name 
of  place :  to  the  time  when  the  invaders  are  actually  descend- 
ing into  the  plain,  one  people  only  has  been  named,  and  one 
river  besides  the  Ehone.  Of  the  march  from  the  Pyrenees  to 
the  Ehone  it  was  enough  to  say,  that  they  performed  it, 
having  the  sea  on  their  right  hand ;  and  the  point  where  they 
first  touched  the  Ehone,  is  to  be  perceived  only  by  its  distance 


CHAP.  IV.]  His  Stade  and  Distances.  53 

from  natural  objects,  the  sea  below  it,  and  a  confluent  river, 
the  Is^re,  above  it.  In  the  onward  march  along  the  Ehone 
from  that  confluence  to  and  through  the  Alps,  we  are  helped 
by  no  names  save  that  of  the  people  called  AUobroges :  no 
further  name  assists  us  to  understand  the  tale  of  events,  till 
we  come  to  the  Insubres  of  the  plain  :  the  instruction  is  by 
local  character,  with  circumstances  of  opposition  and  diffi- 
culty, and  allotment  of  time  and  space  to  operations  per- 
formed. The  incidents  of  each  day  are  thus  offered  to  our 
attention ;  and,  by  such  notification  of  things  without  names, 
the  historian  hoped  to  show  the  course  of  the  invasion  in  a 
way  that  should  be  recognised  in  after  times. 

A  plain  assurance  of  this  is  given  in  the  author's  own 
words.  When  Hannibal  is  on  the  eve  of  forcing  the  passes 
of  the  Pyrenees,  (iii.  36,)  Polybius  writes  as  follows — "  But 
"  that  my  narrative  carrying  you  through  unknown  countries 
"  may  not  be  altogether  obscure,  I  must  state  from  whence 
"  Hannibal  set  out,  what  and  how  great  regions  he  traversed, 
"  and  into  what  parts  of  Italy  he  arrived.  I  am  not  going  to 
"  set  forth  the  proper  names  of  districts,  and  rivers,  and  cities ; 
"  which  some  writers  do,  supposing  this  part  of  the  business 
"  to  be  all-suflicient  for  making  things  intelligible  and  clear. 
"  I  allow  that  the  citation  of  names  in  known  countries  very 
"  greatly  contributes  to  cause  a  recognition  of  the  objects : 
"  but  in  countries  utterly  unknown,  a  detail  of  names  has 
"  but  the  effect  of  words  that  give  sound  without  sense :  for 
"  so  long  as  the  mind  has  nothing  to  lay  hold  of,  and  cannot 
"  apply  the  words  to  any  known  ideas,  the  narrative  is  with- 
"  out  order  and  without  point.  Wherefore  a  way  is  to  be 
"  shown  by  which,  though  speaking  of  unknown  things,  it  is 
*'  practicable  to  bring  one's  hearers  in  some  measure  to  con- 
"  ceptions  that  have  truth  and  knowledge.  The  first  and 
"  main  thing  to  know,  and  which  all  men  may  know,  is  the 
"  division  and  arrangement  of  the  firmament  which  surrounds 


54 


Authority  of  Folyhius.^ 


[PAET  II. 


"  us ;  by  the  perception  of  which  all  of  us,  that  is  all  in 
"  whom  there  is  usefulness,  comprehend  East,  West,  South, 
"  and  North.  Next  is  that  knowledge  by  which,  apportioning 
"  the  several  regions  of  the  earth  according  to  those  distinc- 
«  tions,  and  always  in  our  minds  applying  what  we  hear  to 
"  those  distinctions,  we  come  to  have  clear  and  familiar 
*'  notions  about  places  unknown  to  us,  and  unseen."' 

Explanations  follow  touching  the  great  divisions  of  the 
earth,  and  the  greater  or  less  acquaintance  which  had  been 
arrived  at  with  the  several  parts  of  the  world  :  the  discussion 
ends  thus— "Eor,  as  we  are  used,  for  the  purpose  of  seeing, 
"  to  bend  our  faces  towards  an  object  pointed  out  by  the 
"  finger  ;  so  must  we,  for  the  purpose  of  understanding,  make 
"  the  effort  to  bend  our  thoughts  to  places  that  are  from  time 
"  to  time  pointed  out  by  the  story  told." 

The  observations  from  which  these  extracts  are  given,  are 
jnade  in  peculiar  application  to  that  small  portion  of  the 
earth's  surface  which  is  the  theatre  of  this  controversy.  The 
tale,  which  for  good  reasons  is  weak  in  names,  assumes  an 
increased  strength  in  its  other  features :  for  these  I  claim 
attention,  because  they  are  so  characterized  as  important  by 
the  special  announcement  of  this  admirable  historian, 


THE  ALPS  OF  HANNIBAL. 


PAET   IH. 

POLYBIUS  INTERPRETED.  PASSAGE  OF  THE 

RHONE. 


CHAPTER  I. 

Introduction.  Division  of  the  March.  Three  points  to  he 
fixed :  the  Passage  of  the  Rhone  ;  the  beginning  of  Alps  ; 
the  exit  into  the  Plain. 

Sagunttjm  fell  during  the  winter  of  219  B.C.  Thereupon 
the  Romans  sent  an  embassy  to  Carthage,  demanding  the 
surrender  of  Hannibal  and  other  chiefs,  with  war  as  the  alter- 
native. We  may  collect  from  Polybius,  that  the  Consul  had 
completed  his  successes  in  lUyria  and  returned  to  Rome 
before  the  siege  of  Saguntum  was  brought  to  a  conclusion. 
The  Romans  had  despatched  ^milius  with  his  army  to  Illyria 
at  the  opening  of  the  season ;  and  Hannibal  marched  from 
Carthagena  against  Saguntum  about  the  same  time.  His 
designs  were  fully  understood  by  the  Romans ;  but  it  does 
not  appear  that  they  knew  his  operations  to  have  been  com- 
menced when  the  lUyrian  expedition  was  sent  out.  We  read, 
c.  20,  that  -^milius  returned  and  entered  Rome  in  triumph 
on  the  close  of  the  summer,  Xrjyovcrrjfi  rj^r]  t^9  6epeLa<i.  Now 
the  siege  of  Sagimtum  lasted  eight  months  :  so  that,  before 
the  fall  of  that  place,  the  winter  may  have  been  far  advanced. 


56  Polyhius  interpreted.  [pakt  hi. 

After  the  news  of  this  event  was  received,  the  embassy  was 
sent  to  Carthage;    and  Hannibal  was  then  in  his  winter 

quarters. 

The  Carthaginian  senate  having  accepted  the  declaration 
of  war,  Hannibal,  being  at  Carthagena,  immediately  gave 
leave  to  his  Spanish  soldiers  to  go  home  for  the  remainder 
of  the  winter :  he  framed  regulations,  for  the  administration 
of  affairs  in  Spain  during  his  absence  by  his  brother  Asdru- 
bal :  and  with  a  view  to  the  security  of  his  own  country,  and 
to  produce  a  mutual  confidence,  he  transferred  a  large  body 
of  Spanish  troops  into  Africa,  bringing  in  their  place  African 
troops  into  Spain.  He  had  taken  great  pains  to  inform  him- 
self on  the  nature  of  the  country  of  the  Gauls,  of  their  popu- 
lation, and  character,  and  especially  on  their  feelings  toAvards 
the  Komans;  knowing  that  his  hopes  of  success  must  rest 
mainly  on  their  co-operation.  In  this  view  he  had  made  com- 
munication to  the  Celtic  chieftains,  both  those  of  Italy  and 
those  in  the  Alps  themselves ;  and  was  now  anxiously  expect- 
ing emissaries  from  them.  At  length  the  desired  intelligence 
was  brought :  it  was  in  all  points  favourable ;  and  towards 
the  spring  Hannibal  drew  his  troops  together  from  their 
winter  quarters:  he  had  also  received  the  last  news  from 
Carthage.  Elated  and  confident,  he  announced  to  the  army 
his  resolution  to  invade  Italy,  and  named  a  day  for  marching 
from  Carthagena. 

Having  made  all  his  arrangements  during  winter  quarters, 
on  the  appointed  day  he  led  forward  about  ninety  thousand 
infantry  and  about  twelve  thousand  cavalry :  he  passed  the 
Ebro,  and,  after  great  resistance  of  the  nations  whom  he  had 
now  to  bring  into  subjection,  and  great  loss  of  men,  he 
reached  the  Pyrenees.  Here  the  heavy  baggage  was  laid 
aside :  he  left  a  sufficient  force  from  his  own  army  to  keep 
the  newly-conquered  peoples  in  subjection ;  and,  as  a  matter 
of  policy,  freely  discharged  an  equal  aumber  of  his  Iberian 


1 


r 


CHAP.  I.]  Three  Chief  Points  in  the  March.  57 

troops.  Taking  with  him  the  rest  of  his  army,  fifty  thousand 
foot  and  nine  thousand  horse,  lightly  equipped,  he  led  them 
forward  in  march  through  the  Pyrenees  for  the  passage  of 
the  Ehone. 

At  this  stage  of  the  narrative  the  historian  digresses  into 
comments  (c.  36,  37,  38,)  which  contain  very  sound  advice 
to  the  compilers  and  the  readers  of  history,  from  which  I 
have  already  exhibited  extracts.  The  narrative  is  resumed 
with  the  39th  chapter,  and  the  text  will  thence  be  given  in 
translation,*  till  the  invaders  reach  the  plain  of  Italy  in 
chi  61,  where  the  Eoman  and  Carthaginian  leaders  will  be 
seen  mutually  advancing  in  the  valley  of  the  Po,  each  con- 
scious of  and  wondering  at  the  presence  of  the  other. 

The  thirty-ninth  chapter  claims  especial  notice,  and  should 
be  always  under  attention  during  our  consideration  of  the 
subject.  The  line  of  march,  from  Carthagena  to  the  Italian 
plain,  is  broken  into  five  parts  :  the  termini  being  Carthagena, 
the  Ebro,  Emporium,  the  passage  of  the  Ehone,  the  beginning 
of  Alps,  the  end  of  Alps.  The  last  three  are  the  peculiar 
subjects  of  question  in  this  controversy. 

1.  Where  was  the  passage  of  the  Ehone  ? 

2.  Where  was  the  first  ascent  of  Alps  ? 

3.  Where  did  the  invaders  escape  from  the  Alps  and  touch 
the  plain  ? 

This  line  of  march  being  our  subject  throughout,  it  may  be 
set  forth  in  the  author's  own  words,  according  to  the  edition 
of  Schweighaeuser. 

Having  said  that  the  Kaivy)  7r6\L<;,  whence  Hannibal  began 
his  march  to  Italy,  is  distant  3,000  stadia  from  the  Pillars  of 
Hercules,  he  states  the  five  sections  of  the  march  thus — 

1.  CLTTO  Se  TauT7j<;  elalv  eirl  fiev  tov  "l^rjpa  TroTa/JLov,  e^aKoaioi 

*  See  Appendix. 


58  Polyhius  interpreted,  [part  ill. 

2.  diro  Be  tovtov  irdXtv  eh  *E/j,7ropetov,  'x^iXtoi  avv  e^aKoalois;. 

3.  KoX  firjv  evrevOev  eirl  ttjv  tov  'FoSavov  hidfiadiv  irepl  ')(^iXlov<; 

e^aKocriov^  (ravra  yap  vvv  ^eff7j/j,dTi(rTaL,Kal  aearjfieLfaTav 
KaTci  o-TaStou9  okto)  hid  ^Fcofialcov  eVz/yLteXw?). 

4.  aTTO  Be  T^9  Biafidaeay^  tov  'VoBavov,  iropevo^ivoL^  irap  avrbv 

TOV  TTOTafMOV  CW9  cttI  Ttt?  7njya<;  €G)9  tt/oo?  ti]V  dvaffoXrjV 
Tcov  i^X-Trewz/  ttjv  eh  ^iTaXiav,  ')(i\cot  TeTpaKoa-coc. 

5.  XoLTToi  Be  at  t&v  "AXireoyv  virep^oXal,  irepl  %tXtoi'9  BvaKO- 

aLOV<s*  a9  VTrep^dXXcov  efjieXXev  rj^ecv  ek  Ta  irepl  tov  YidZov 
ireBia  t^9  ^\TaXia<s. 

The  words  in  parentliesis  have  been  objected  to  by  Dr. 
XJkert,  not,  that  I  am  aware  of,  by  other  writers.  There  is 
good  ground  of  objection;  and  he  has  proposed  a  remedy. 
I  shall  propose  a  different  one,  which  I  hope  will  be  deemed 
preferable. 


CHAPTEE  II, 

Passage  of  tlie  Rhone  near  Roquemaure  indicated  hy  the  distance 
from  the  Sea  ;  hy  the  distance  from  the  Island  ;  hy  the  single 
Stream, 

An  inquirer  into  the  subject  will  propose  to  himself  this 
question : — "  Did  Hannibal,  coming  from  the  region  of  Mmes, 
"  proceed  to  cross  the  Khone,  above  or  below  the  confluence  of 
"  the  Durance  V*  At  whatever  part  the  passage  should  be 
effected,  a  good  stretch  of  river,  unbroken  by  islands,  was  to 
be  desired.  A  flotilla  qualified  to  transport  so  large  an 
armament  demanded  a  considerable  extent  of  shore  to  arrive 
at.  In  so  broad  and  rapid  a  current,  much  distance  would 
be  lost  in  crossing,  each  boat  reaching  the  opposite  bank 


CHAP.  II.]  Th6  Rhone  at  Roquemaure.  59 

much  below  the  point  which  it  had  parted  from :  so  that  a 
great  stretch  of  unembarrassed  stream,  not  often  found  in  the 
lower  Ehone,  was  to  be  looked  for.  This  idea  is  expressed  by 
Polybius,  in  the  words  Kara  ryv  aTrXrjv  pvcnv. 

On  observation  of  the  river,  and  the  country  about  it,  all 
will  believe  that  the  passage  was  effected,  either  at  the 
nearest  convenient  part  above  the  influx  of  the  Durance,  or 
at  some  convenient  part  below  that  point.  Those  who  lean 
to  the  former  opinion  have  usually  fixed  upon  a  part  of  the 
river  between  the  villages  of  Eoquemaure  and  Montfaucon, 
being  about  five  miles  from  the  town  of  Orange.  The  few 
who  place  the  crossing  below  the  Durance  have  fixed  upon 
the  stream  at,  or  just  above  Beaucaire,  in  Languedoc,  the 
ancient  Ugernum,  being  opposite  to  Tarascon,  a  well-known 
place  in  Provence.  To  decide  between  these,  we  look  for 
evidence  in  the  history.  As  Dr.  Ukert  has  taken  pains  to 
prove  a  crossing  near  Tarascon,  and  has  received  no  answer, 
the  question  must  be  sifted. 

Two  data  guide  us  to  the  Passage  near  Roquemaure, 

Polybius  has  made  statements  which  serve  the  purpose  of 
giving  to  his  readers  a  fair  apprehension  of  the  place :  1,  that 
Hannibal  undertook  this  operation,  where  he  was  not  quite 
four  days'  march,  or  journey,  from  the  sea  :  2,  that  from  that 
place  he  reached  the  district  called  the  Island,  by  a  march  of 
four  successive  days.  We  have  thus  a  double  clue  to  find  the 
place :  its  relation  to  a  point  lower  down  the  stream,  and  its 
relation  to  a  point  higher  up  the  stream :  nearly  four  days' 
march  from  the  sea,  and  four  days'  march  to  the  Island. 

The  entire  distance  from  the  Isere  down  the  Rhone  to  the 
sea  may  be  exhibited  in  these  successive  measurements :  to  the 
reach  between  Roquemaure  and  Montfaucon,  about  75  Roman 
miles ;  thence  to  Tarascon  and  Beaucaire,  about  29  miles : 
thence  to  the  eastern,  or  Massiliotic  mouth  of  the  Rhone  about 


60       ^  -^  PolyUus  interpreted.  [part  hi. 

36  miles — total  140.  If  we  recognise,  as  the  place  of  crossing, 
the  parts  near  Montfaucon,  we  assign  about  75  miles  to  the  four 
days'  march  of  Hannibal,  and  about  65  to  the  nearly  four  days* 
journey  below.  If  we  make  the  passage  at  Beaucaire  and 
Tarascon,  we  give  about  104  miles  to  the  four  days'  march, 
and  about  36  to  the  nearly  four  days'  journey.  Whether  the 
distances  are  apprehended  through  ancient  authorities  or 
modern,  this  must  be  admitted  :  that,  if  140  miles  of  Ehone 
are  to  be  divided  into  two  portions,  of  about  four  days'  work 
each,  it  is  more  probable  that  the  higher  portion  should  be 
to  the  lower  as  75  to  65,  than  as  104  to  36.  For  the  distances 
themselves,  I  will  refer  to  the  labours  of  those  who  have  pre- 
ceded me  in  the  inquiry. 

Distance  of  the  Passage  from  the  Sea. 

'  If  we  seek  ancient  authority  for  showing  the  distance  from 
the  sea  to  the  part  where  Hannibal  crossed  the  Ehone,  the 
nearest  point  on  the  coast  that  offers  itself  in  any  known  writ- 
ings seems  to  be  a  place  denoted  Fossae  Marianse,  the  Canal  of 
Marius,  probably  at  the  sea  mouth  of  the  canal.  This  place 
is  one  of  the  stations  in  the  Via  Aurelia,  stated  there  as  at 
48  miles  from  Marseille.  D'Anville  (notice  de  Gaule)  looks 
upon  Foz  as  the  place  named  Fossae  Marianas  in  the  Itineraries, 
where  we  find  it  to  be  33  miles  to  Aries,  and  thence  27, 
through  Avignon  to  Sorgues  (Cypresseta) ;  beyond  which  you 
come  in  6|-  miles  to  the  part  vis-^-vis  to  Roquemaure, 
according  to  De  Luc ;  making  that  place  66^  from  Fossae 
Marianse. 

By  modern  measurements,  the  distance  appears  much  the 
same.  M.  De  Luc  states  the  lengths  of  which  it  is  composed, 
as  measured  now  on  the  Great  Map  of  France,  thus—-"  Depuis 
"  I'embouchure  orientale  du  Rhone  jusqu'  k  Aries,  26  milles 
"  romains;  Tarascon,  10;  Avignon,  15;  Sorgues,  7 ;  vis-a-vis 


CHAP.  IT.]  The  Rhone  at  JRoquemaure.  61 

"  de  Eoquemaure,  6|^  =  64|-  miles."  But  he  conceives  that  the 
ancient  mouth  was  to  the  east  of  the  present  mouth,  and  not 
carried  so  far  to  the  sea ;  he  also  points  to  the  village  of  Foz 
as  on  the  ancient  limit  of  the  land  against  the  sea  ;  the  river 
stream  being  now  compressed  by  the  atterrissemens  which 
Nature  has  formed  in  2,000  years. 

M.  Laranza,  adopting  Foz  as  a  probable  terminus  from 
which  to  estimate  a  four  days'  journey,  gives  the  route  in 
toises,  varying  little  from  M.  De  Luc's  estimate,  considering 
that  he  measures  to  rather  a  higher  point ;  his  statement 
is :  "To  Aries,  19,000  toises  ;  to  Tarascon,  7,500  ;  to  Avignon, 
"  11,500  ;  to  Sorgues,  5,000 ;  to  Montfaucon,  sur  la  rive  qui 
«  est  en  face,  6,400  =  49,400  toises  =  65^  niilles." 

Some  have  suggested  that,  in  ancient  times,  a  distance 
from  the  sea  at  the  Khone's  mouth  was  greater  than  now  :  this 
shall  be  noticed  presently.  In  the  meantime,  I  will  consider 
that  the  distance  from  the  sea  to  the  part  where  we  conceive 
the  army  to  have  crossed  the  Ehone,  namely,  between  Eoque- 
maure and  Montfaucon,  was  about  65  miles. 

Distance  of  the  Passage  from  the  Island. 

This  distance  is  still  less  open  to  question  than  the  other. 
All  but  a  short  space  at  either  extremity  is  exhibited  in  the 
ancient  registers.  The  six  stages  from  Orange  to  Valence 
appear  in  the  Jerusalem  Itinerary  as  66  miles  =  49,896  toises. 
Laranza  adds,  from  the  Passage  to  Orange,  3,600 ;  and  from 
Valence  to  the  Isere,  3,800  ;  making  the  whole  distance  from 
the  Passage  of  the  Ehone  to  the  island,  57,296  toises,  which 
is  75|-  miles,  or  606  stadia.  De  Luc  computes  the  two  spaces 
at  the  extremities  so  as  to  bring  out  a  precise  75  miles,  or 
600  stadia.  Both  these  writers,  who  are  quite  hostile  to 
each  other  in  most  points  of  our  subjects,  try  other  tests  for 
the  length  of  the  line  in  question  :  one  referring  to  an  old 


62  Polyhins  interpreted.  [part  hi. 

livre  de  Poste  used  before  the  new  metrical  system  was  in 
force  :  the  other,  measuring  on  the  Great  Map  of  France 
according  to  the  scale.  The  result  is,  that  they  bring  it  so 
near  to  the  75  Eoman  miles,  that  they  concur  in  deeming 
the  space  to  be  600  stadia,  and  to  be  part  of  the  1,400  of 
Polybius, 

While  we  contend  for  a  place  of  crossing  the  Ehone  which 
is  75  miles  =  600  stadia  below  the  influx  of  the  Isere,  it  is 
plain  that  Polybius  would  have  recognized  the  same  interval ; 
for,  though  he  does  not  assert  it,  it  necessarily  results  from 
distances  which  he  does  assert.  He  states  that  it  is  1,400 
stadia  from  the  passage  of  the  Ehone  to  the  beginning  of 
Alps.  When  he  has  brought  Hannibal  to  the  Island,  there  is 
a  pause  in  the  narrative  of  progress  while  certain  incidents 
are  told.  When  the  tale  of  progress  is  resumed,  Hannibal 
marches  800  stadia  to  the  beginning  of  Alps.  Thus  the  prior 
portion  had  required  600. 

Critics  the  most  hostile  to  our  theory,  whatever  sites  they 
have  conceived,  either  for  the  Sid^aai<;  or  the  dva^oXij,  have, 
with  two  exceptions,  agreed  in  accepting  600  stadia  as  the 
length  of  the  first  four  days'  march  from  one  to  the  other : 
and  all  agree  that  this  was  the  distance  from  Eoquemaure  to 
the  Island. 

•  Mr.  Whitaker,  boldly  pronouncing  the  Island  to  be  the 
ground  on  which  the  city  of  Lyons  stands,  says  this  (p.  8)  : 
"Polybius  states  the  place  of  Hannibal's  passage  over  the 
"  Ehone  to  be  seventy-five  miles  below  Lyons  :"  and,  in  a 
note,  he  says,  "  Polybius,  iii.  39,  tells  us  that  Hannibal's 
"  march,  from  his  crossing  the  Ehone  to  his  mounting  the 
"  Alps,  measured  1,400  stadia ;  and  in  iii.  50,  tells  us  adSi- 
"  tionally  that,  of  this  distance,  800  stadia,  or  100  miles,  was 
^'  the  length  from  Lyons  to  the  Alps !" 

M.  Letronne  says : — "  Polybe  compte  quatorze  cents  stades 
"  depuis  le  passage  du  Ehone  jusqu'  a  la  mont^e  des  Alpes  : 


CHAP.  II.]  The  Rhone  at  Eoqnemaure.  63 

*  il  dit  qu'  Annibal  a  parcourir  huit  cents  stades  depuis  I'lte 
'  dont  il  s'agit  et  la  mont^e  des  Alpes :  c'est  done  six  cents 
f  stades  depuis  le  passage  jusqu'  k  la  riviere,  ou  75  milles 
'  Eomains." — Journal  des  Savans,  Janv.  1819,  26-7. 

M.  Laranza  says  : — "  Nous  voyoni  dans  Polybe  lui-meme 
'  qu'il  compte  quatre  jours  de  marche  pour  les  600  stades,  ou 
'  75  milles,  qu'il  fait  parcourir  k  Annibal  depuis  le  passage 
'  du  Ehone  jusqu'  k  I'lle." 

G^n^ral  St.  Cyr  Nugues,  expounding  Polybius,  says  : — "  La 
'  distance  du  point  de  passage  du  Eb6ne  k  celui  ou  Tarmde 
'  s'arreta  le  quatri^me  jour,  etoit  de  600  stades,  75  milles 

*  Eomains."— Notice,  p.  33. 

So  M.  Baude  de  Lavalette,  E(^clierclies,  "  Polybe  fixe  k 
'600  stades  la  distance  parcourir  dans  ces  quatre  jours  de 

marche." 

Even  Dr.  Ukert,  though  his  crossing  is  at  Tarascon,  has  a 
sentence  which  bears  testimony  to  the  same  truth  : — "  Poly- 
'  bins  spater  erklart,  von  dem  Uebergangesorte  bis  zur  Insel 
'  hatten  die  Karthager,  in  vier  Tagemarschen,  600  Stadien 
'  zuriickgelegt." — "  Polybius  afterwards  says,  that  from  the 
'  place  of  crossing,  to  the  Island,  the  Carthaginians  had 
'  traversed  600  stadia  in  four  days'  march." — Geographic,  iii. 
580  and  585. 

My  friend,  H.  L.  Long,  also  a  Tarasconian,  acquiesces  in 
this  fact  of  distance,  saying, — "  The  absolute  distance  of 
"  75  M.P.  measured  from  the  Is^re  downwards,  must  always 
*'  terminate  at  Eoquemaure." — P.  21. 

Though  no  one  has  controverted  the  fact,  that  the  distance 
of  our  Btd^acTL^;,  from  the  Island  is  600  stadia,  two  seem  to 
doubt  the  importance  of  the  fact ;  one  of  whom  thinks  that 
Hannibal  moved  much  slower,  and  the  other  that  he  moved 
much  faster.  M.  le  Comte  de  Portia  d'  Urban  does  not  allow 
Hannibal  to  bend  his  steps  towards  the  Island  at  all,  and 
thinks  that,  haying  crossed  the  Ehone,  he  proceeded  very 


^4  Polyhius  interpreted.  [paet  hi. 

slowly,  from  knowing  that  the  Eomans  were  trying  to  over- 
take him.  H.  Long,  on  the  contrary,  thinks  that  Hannibal 
marched,  not  600  only,  but  800  stadia  in  those  four  days ; 
and  says,  p.  62  :— "  Twenty-five  miles  per  day  is  in  perfect 
"  accordance  with  the  usual  pace  of  Hannibal,  who  fell  like  a 
"  thunderbolt  upon  Italy."— P.  32. 

Thus  a  Polybian  measurement  assented  to  by  all,  fixes  the 
Bidj3a(TC<;  for  which  we  contend,  at  75  miles  below  the  Is^re ; 
being,  as  already  shown,  about  65  miles  from  the  sea.  One 
distance  satisfies  the  notion  of  "nearly  four  days*  journey :" 
the  other  distance  satisfies  the  notion  of  "  four  days'  march : " 
these  are  the  indicia  of  distance  expressed  by  the  historian. 
Tarascon,  the  other  place  proposed,  is  hardly  ten  miles  above 
Aries  :  too  near  to  the  sea  for  a  short  ten  days'  journey ;  and 
too  far  from  the  Isere  for  a  four  days'  march. 

The  single  Stream. 

Another  circumstance  in  favour  of  the  passage  between 
Eoquemaure  and  Montfaucon  is  that  the  stream  is  here  suitable 
to  the  transportation  of  an  army.  M.  De  Luc  says,  p.  54 : — 
"  Entre  ces  deux  villages  (Montfaucon  et  I'Ardoise)  et  Eoque- 
"  maure,  il  y  a  un  espace  de  1,800  toises,  oii  le  Khone  n'a  point 
"  d'iles,  et  ou  il  n'a  que  250  a  800  toises  de  largeur."  General 
Vaudoncourt's  map,  which  is  on  a  large  scale,  corresponds 
with  that  assertion.  In  the  Oxford  DissertatioQ  it  is  said, 
p.  42 : — "  The  Ehone  flows  uninterrupted  by  islands  from 
"  Caderousse  (the  large  island  above  Montfaucon)  to  Eoque- 
"  maure,  a  distance  of  nearly  a  league ;  and,  with  the  excep- 
"  tion  of  a  similar  stream  imm_ediately  below  the  island  at 
"  Eoquemaure,  though  for  a  much  shorter  distance,  this  cir- 
"  cumstance  does  not  occur  for  many  miles  up  or  down  the 
"  river." 

I  do  not  know  that  all  writers  and  map-makers  are  unani- 


I 


CHAP.  III.]  Tarascon  Theory.     Ukert  65 

mous  on  the  perfect  absence  of  islands  in  this  part  of  the 
Ehone.  But  the  following  corroborating  statement  is  made 
by  one  who  is  likely  to  have  ascertained  safely  what  he 
relates.  M.  Baud^  de  Lavalette,  p.  41 : — ''  L'inspection  des 
"  lieux  entre  Avignon  et  le  Pont  St.  Esprit  donne  k  ce 
"  resultant  un  nouveau  degr^  de  precision.  Le  cours  du 
"  Ehone  se  montre,  dans  cet  intervalle,  embarrass^  par  une 
"  foule  d'iles  qui  le  forcent  h>  se  deviser  en  plusieurs  bras 
"  tortueux,  entrelac^s  de  la  mani^re  la  plus  bizarre.  On  y 
"  remarque  huit  iles  principales  indiquees  dans  les  anciennes 
"  cartes  par  les  noms  de  I'Oiselet,  le  Chateau  de  Lers,  le 
"  Queironette,  Piboulette,  la  Berre,  Cadanet,  I'Agace  et 
"  Crompa.  Le  fleuve  egar^  dans  ce  labyrinthe  d'iles  ne  put 
"  etre  traverse  ni  au-dessus  du  territoire  de  Montfaucon,  ni 
"  au-dessous  de  Eoquemaure :  on  ne  le  trouve  reuni  en  un 
"  seul  courant  d'une  etendue  suffisante,  qu'entre  ces  deux 
"  villages.  La,  il  coule  tout  entier  dans  un  lit  de  245  ^250 
"  toises  de  largeur  sur  un  longueur  de  1800  toises.  C'est  done 
*'  aux  environs  de  Montfaucon  que  furent  lances  les  bateaux 
"  et  les  radeaux  dont  Annibal  fit  usage :  entrain^s  par  le 
"  courant,  ils  durent  aborder  800  ou  900  toises  plus  bas  sur 
'*  la  rive  opposee." 


CHAPTEE  III. 

Theory  of  Tarascon.  Alignment  of  Dr.  JJhert.  Distance  from 
the  Sea.  Distance  from  the  Island.  Roman  ineasurements 
in  Gaul  and  Spain.  Roads  in  Gaul.  Policy  of  Hannibal. 
Vessels  tcsed  in  the  Crossing.     March  of  Scijpio. 

As  Tarascon  on  the  left  bank  still  bears  its  ancient  name, 
while  Ugernum  on  the  right  bank  has  become  Beaucaire,  let 
the  former  place  entitle  this  theory.     I  know  only  of  three 

VOL.  I.  F 


QQ  J^olylius  interp-eted.  [part  ill. 

who  subscribe  to  it :  tlie  anonymous  of  Cambridge,  1830 ; 
Dr.  Ukei-t ;  and  Mr.  Heniy  Long.  The  first  draws  the  red 
line  of  march  in  his  map  through  Tarascon  ;  and  gives  a 
reason,  which  he  probably  thinks  to  be  enough.  In  p.  35,  he 
says,  "  From  Nimes  the  Eoman  road  branched  off  in  two 
"  directions,  one  to  Aries,  the  other  to  Tarascon  :  and  by  one 
'*  of  these,  according  to  Polybius,  the  Carthaginian  continued 
"  his  march  to  the  Rhone."  Again,  p.  45,  "  Polybius  describes 
*•'  Hannibal  as  arriving  by  a  Roman  road  at  the  banks  of  the 
**  Rhone."  Many,  besides  this  critic,  have  written  to  the  same 
effect :  but  they  have  writen  in  error  :  Polybius  never  said  so  : 
he  had  no  more  experience  of  Roman  roads  in  Languedoc  than 
Hannibal  himself :  there  were  none  in  his  day.  The  learned 
Ukert  is  exempt  from  that  delusion  :  but,  as  he  has  laboured 
much  in  favour  of  Tarascon,  he  claims  our  serious  attention. 


On  the  distance  of  Tarascon  from  the  Sea. 

This  much  commended  geographer  pronounces  the  place  of 
crossing  thus  : — "  When  Polybius  says  that  Hannibal  crossed 
"  KUTCL  Tr}v  aifKrjv  pvatv,  this  was  certainly  north  of  the  island, 
"  which  lies  opposite  to  Beaucaire  :  and  Hanno  might  choose 
"  a  place  north  of  Aramon."  He  then  takes  great  pains,  but 
in  a  mysterious  manner,  to  induce  his  readers  to  the  notion, 
that  this  part  just  above  Beaucaire  and  Tarascon  was,  in 
Hannibal's  time,  at  such  a  distance  from  the  sea,  as  to  amount 
to  "  nearly  four  days' journey,"  which  he  represents  as  import- 
ing a  distance  of  600  stadia  for  an  army,  and  more  for  a 
traveller. 

Avoiding  all  direct  assertion  of  the  distance  of  Tarascon 
from  any  other  point.  Dr.  Ukert  first  contrives  a  proof  that 
the  distance  from  the  Durance  to  the  mouth  of  the  Rhone  is 
from  700  to  800  stadia :  and  then  he  pronounces  that  Tarascon, 


CHAP.  III.]  Tarascon  Theory.     Uhert.  67 

being  lower  down,  might  be  about  four  days'  journey  from  the 
mouth.  His  proof  of  the  700  or  800  is  by  taking  the  length 
of  the  Ehone  from  Lyons  to  the  mouth,  and  deducting  the 
distance  from  Lyons  to  the  Durance. 

He  exhibits  the  difficulty,  and  prepares  us  for  the  process 
thus  : — "  We  must  not  think  here  of  exact  measurements.  A 
"  map  drawn  by  Polybius  w^ould  no  doubt  give  us  quite  a 
''  different  picture  of  the  country  from  that  which  our  ow^n 
"  maps  give  ;  especially  as  the  whole  nature  of  the  country 
"  shows  us,  that  south  of  the  Druentia  there  was  formerly 
"  nmch  more  water  than  at  present :  and,  as  the  mouths  of 
"  the  Ehone  have  experienced  many  changes,  w^e  cannot 
"  declare  with  certainty  where  the  Eoman  Consul  landed, 
"  nor  what  road  it  was  necessary  to  take  at  that  time,  which 
*'  was  counted  equal  to  a  four  days'  journey.  Our  maps  alone 
"  cannot  enable  us  to  arrive  at  any  conclusion. 

"  Let  us  therefore  seek  for  information  among  the  ancients. 
"  Strabo  says,  lib.  iv.  p.  193  : — "  airo  Aovyhovvov  fJiixpi'  tov 
"  ^7]Kovdva  '^(iXloiv  crraBlcov  eorriv  eXarrov  he  rj  hiirXdaiov  tov- 
"  TOV,  TO  diro  Twv  elarjSoXwv  rod  'VoSdvov  ///ep^^/ot  AovySovvov.^ 

"  If  we  attend  to  this,  and  at  the  same  time  compare  with 
"  it  some  other  notices  from  Strabo,  lib.  iv.  p.  185-6  :  from 
"  the  Druentia  to  the  Ishve,  700  stadia — to  Vienne  320 — to 
"  Lugdunum  200  =  1220  stadia,  we  find  that  the  distance 
"  from  the  mouths  of  the  Ehone  to  the  Druentia,  is  from  700 
"  to  800  stadia  ;  and  the  place  accepted  by  us,  as  that  where 
"  the  Ehone  was  crossed,  I'olybius  might  justly  call  about 
"  four  days'  journey  from  the  sea." — Ukert's  Geogr.  ii.  2d  part, 
681,  2,  3. 

*  Translated.  It  is  1000  stadia  from  Lyons  to  the  Seine  :  and 
less  than  the  double  of  that  from  the  mouths  of  the  Rhone  to 
Lyons.  N.B.  Strabo  is  speaking  of  the  carriage  of  goods  from  the 
Mediterranean  to  the  British  Channel  up  the  Saone  and  across 

to  the  TtXeofievov  of  the  Seine. 

F  2 


QQ  Polyhms  interpreted.  [part  ill. 

Tlie  calculation  is  this :— From  Lyons  to  the  Ehone's 
mouth  is  less  than  2,000  stadia  ;  from  Lyons  to  the  Durance 
is  1,220  stadia.  Take  1,220  from  less  than  2,000  :  and  less 
than  780  remains  for  the  length  of  the  Ehone  from  the 
Durance  to  the  mouth. 

Now  the  subject  which  Dr.  Ukert  takes  in  hand  is  a 
certain  distance  down  the  Ehone  to  the  mouth ;  i.e.  from  the 
confluence  of  the  Durance.  He  quotes  Strabo  for  the  total 
length  of  the  Ehone  from  a  higher  point  of  tlie  river,  Lyons. 
Then,  by  way  of  showing  the  length  below  the  confluence,  he 
professes  to  deduct  the  length  above  the  confluence  from  the 
total.  But  he  does  not  do  this  :  the  length  which  he  deducts 
is  not  a  part  of  the  total  from  which  he  deducts  it :  it  is  for 
the  most  part  not  along  the  Ehone.  The  1,220  stadia  which 
figure  in  his  demonstration  are  borrowed  from  a  line  of  dis- 
tances drawn  across  country  from  Marseille  through  Cavaillon; 
and  in  which  line  the  subject  of  his  proof,  Tarascon,  would  be 
looked  for  in  vain. 

Tliis  much-commended  geographer  has  not  looked  atten- 
tively at  his  materials.  He  might  have  applied  them  for 
showing  what  he  aims  at.  In  the  very  passages  from  which 
he  derives  three  distances  of  Strabo,  there  is  something  more 
to  the  purpose  than  "  less  than  the  double  of  a  thousand." 

When  Dr.  Ukert's  argument  seems  to  be  carrying  the 
reader  along  the  Ehone  to  the  sea,  he  is  in  fact  travelling  in 
a  cross-country  road  to  Marseille  ;  and,  as  he  did  stray  into 
that  line,  he  might  have  profited  by  it.  Strabo,  besides 
reporting  the  three  distances  which  Dr.  Ukert  has  extracted 
as  making  1,220  from  Lyons  to  the  Durance  (which  they  do  to 
Cavaillon  on  the  Durance),  completes  that  line  to  the  sea  at 
Marseille  ;  making  the  whole  1,720  from  Lyons. 

Before  Strabo  gives  that  1,220  stadia,  which  he  reckons 
from  Cavaillon  to  Lyons,  he  gives  500  stadia  from  Marseille 
to  Cavaillon.     The  whole  matter  upon  these  distances  is  as 


CHAP.  III.]  Tarascon  Theory.     Ukert  69 

follows : — "  If  you  start  from  Marseille,  and  proceed  to  the 
"  country  between  the  Alps  and  the  Ehone,  the  Salyes  inhabit 
"  it  as  far  as  the  river  Durance,  for 500  stadia 

*'  And  if  you  cross  the  ferry  to  Cavaillon,  all 
"  belongs  to  the  Cavari,  as  far  as  the  junction  of 
"  the  Is^re  with  the  Ehone  : — 

"To  that  point  from  the  Durance  is  a  dis- 

"  tance  of 700  „ 

Afterwards  we  read — 

"  From  the  Is^re  to  Vienne  .......     320      „ 

"  From  Vienne  to  Lyons  by  land 200      „ 

By  water  a  little  more.  

1,720  stadia. 

Perhaps  Dr.  Ukert  may  apprehend  the  confluence  of  the 
Rhone  and  the  Durance  to  be  here  spoken  of.  But  it  is  not 
so  :  that  confluence  is  never  spoken  of ;  and  the  idea  of  it  is 
excluded  by  the  traveller  being  instructed  to  cross  by  the 
ferry  at  Cavaillon.  "Whatever  may  be  the  excuse,  this  matter 
of  Strabo  throws  more  light  on  the  distance  from  Lyons  to 
the  Ehone's  mouth  than  "  less  than  the  double  of  a  thousand." 
He  reports  1,720  stadia  from  Lyons  to  Marseille,  and  therefore 
must  have  apprehended  less  than  1,720  to  the  mouth  of  the 
Ehone ;  for  we  know  that  he  attributed  to  Marseille  a  more 
southern  latitude.  He  calls  the  Galatic  gulph,  into  which 
the  Ehone  is  discharged  (p.  122),  /coXtto?  /lera^v  Macraa\ia<; 
Koi  Nap/9ft)z^o9  :  and  he  states  as  a  fact,  (p.  115),  that  Marseille 
lies  more  south,  voo-tayrepa,  than  the  recess  of  the  gulph. 
Thus,  when  Dr.  Ukert  was  studying  the  length  of  the  Ehone 
from  Lyons  to  the  sea,  he  had  before  him  something  better 
worth  attending  to  than  the  uncertain  numeral  in  p.  193  :  he 
would  see  not  only  that  Strabo  considered  the  line  of  Ehone 
below  Lyons  to  be  "less  than  2,000  stadia,"  but  that  he 
onsidered  it  less  than  1,720  stadia. 


70  PohjUus  interjpreted.  [part  hi. 

Let  us  then  apply  this  in  aid  of  Dr.  Ukert's  estimate  of 
Khone  below  Durance.     Let  us  allow  the  total  below  Lyons 
to  be  the  full  1,720,  though  it  is  not  so  much.     How  shall  we 
divide  this  into  two  parts,  above  and  below  the  Durance? 
Strabo  does  not  help  us  to  do  this  :  and,  as  Dr.  Ukert  wishes 
information  to  be  sought  from  the  ancients,  let  us  refer  to  the 
Eoman  Itineraries.     And  first  the  length  above  the  Durance  : 
the  nearest  point  to  the  confluence  which  the  Itineraries  give 
is  Avignon ;  and  we  make  a  furtlier  concession,  if  -we  divide 
tlie  two  parts  at  that  point,  instead  of  the  confluence  which  is 
below  it.     These  registers  exhibit  from  Lyons  to  Avignon, 
162  m.  =  1,296  stadia.     Take  this  1,296  from  1,720,  and  there 
remains  424  for  the  residue  to  the  mouth.     The  only  remain- 
ing question  is, — where  in  this   length  of  424  do  we  find 
Tarascon  ?     The  place  is  mentioned  in  no  Itinerary ;  and  we 
must  be  content  with  the  modern  Livre  de  Poste,  which  gives 
from  Avignon  to  Tarascon,  23,000  metres  =  124  stadia.  When 
this  is  taken  from  the  424,  300  stadia,  or  37 J  miles,  remain  as 
the  distance  of  Tarascon  from  the  mouth  of  the  Ehone  :  such 
is,  in  truth,  the  maximum  distance  of  Dr.  Ukert's  hid^aaL^ 
from  the  sea,  if  he  w^ill  interpret  Strabo  justly  :  rather  a  short 
distance  to  represent  the  o-'x^eSov  ijfjiepcov   reTrdpcov  oBov  of 
Polybius. 

It  is  to  be  observed  that  Dr.  Ukert,  in  recommending  his 
longer  distance  for  four  days'  work,  suggests  the  embarrassment 
of  water  ;  and  that  we  know  not  Scipio's  landing-place  ;  nor 
the  changes  since  made  in  the  mouths  of  the  Ehone.  Now 
we  may  suppose,  that  the  Eoman  general  would  not  have 
passed  on  from  the  friendly  city  of  Marseille,  and  disembarked 
his  army  nearer  to  the  river's  mouth,  if  he  had  been  thereby 
involved  in  greater  difficulty  of  proceeding.  He  did  not  land 
as  an  adventurer  in  an  unreported  region :  his  native  ally 
added  a  force  to  his  force,  and  would  aid  in  fixing  the  spot 
for  ji  first  encampmont,  having  in  view  the  obstruction  of  the 


%• 


CHAP.  III.]  Tarascon  Theory.     UJcert.  71 

Carthaginian  expedition.  If  it  is  meant  to  be  insinuated 
that  the  sea  has  gained  on  the  land,  and  so  to  favour  the 
supposition  that  Tarascon  was  of  old  farther  from  the  Ehone's 
mouth  than  now,  I  apprehend  the  contrary  to  be  the  fact. 
De  Luc  cites  the  testimony  of  M.  Darluc  from  his  Histoire 
naturelle  de  la  Provence,  1782,  p.  262.  '*  La  Camargue  est 
"  un  grand  terrain  qui  forme,  par  sa  position,  un  triangle 
"  Equilateral,  ayant  sept  lieues  de  longueur  de  chaque  cotE. 
"  Cette  lie  separe  les  deux  bras  du  Ehone  qui  se  divisent  au- 
"  dessous  d' Aries.  Son  enceinte  etait  moins  considerable 
"  autrefois.  Les  atterrissemens  successifs  que  le  Ehone  a 
"  formes  a  son  embouchure,  Font  aggrandie.  La  tour  de  St. 
"  Louis,  qui  fut  elevde  pres  des  bords  de  la  mer  en  1630,  en 
"  est  eloignee  aujourd'hui  d'une  lieue."  On  these  facts  we 
may  believe  that,  if  the  Tarascon  of  218  B.  c.  differed  from 
the  Tarascon  of  to-day,  it  was  in  being  nearer  to,  not  further 
from,  the  sea  than  now.  In  other  parts  of  the  Mediterranean 
the  land  has  advanced  near  the  mouths  of  rivers.  I  believe 
this  is  the  case,  at  the  mouths  of  the  Po,  at  the  mouth  of  the 
Tiber,  at  the  mouth  of  the  Arno.  In  Languedoc,  not  far 
from  the  scenes  we  are  speaking  of,  there  is  the  little  town  of 
Aigues-mortes  (equse  mortua?)  now  some  miles  from  the  sea, 
formerly  close  upon  the  shore. 

To  his  ill-advised  commentary  Dr.  Ukert  adds  this. 
"  Hanno  may  have  crossed  above  Aramon."  This  would  not 
be  well  said,  even  if  the  notion  on  Tarascon  had  been  a  wise 
one.  Polybius  relates  that  the  crossing  of  Hanno  was  25 
miles  above  that  of  Hannibal.  Aramon  is  not  ten  above 
Tarascon. 


On  the  distance  of  Tarascon  from  the  Island. 

Dr.  Ukert  acquiesces  in  the  text  so  far  as   to  say  this, 
p.  585  : — "  After  four  days'  march  in  succession  from  the 


72  PolyUus  interpreted.  [part  hi. 

place  of  crossing,  Hannibal  arrives  at  the  Island."  Presently, 
however,  he  appears  dissentient,  by  starting  a  doubt  on  the 
Island  itself.  He  says,  "Let  us  look  back  and  ask  where  the 
"  Island  is  situated.  Polybius  tells  us  to  look  for  it  at  a 
"  distance  of  600  stadia  from  the  place  of  crossing  the 
"  river." 

So  far  the  writer  seems  to  agree  with  all  other  critics,  that 
Polybius  intends  the  length  of  the  Phone  between  the  Island 
and  the  Btd^aaL<;  as  600  stadia.  But  lie  proceeds  to 
ascertain  whether  this  is  a  correct  measurement.  There  are 
two  modes  of  reckoning  the  space  : — 1.  From  the  Island 
down  to  the  Bidfiaa-i<;.  2.  From  the  Bid^a<Tt<i  up  to  the 
Island.  Now  the  first  mode  is  the  safest ;  for  the  angle  of 
the  rivers  is  a  permanent  point  fixed  by  nature :  the  part 
where  Hannibal  thought  proper  to  cross  the  Phone  is  not : 
it  is  the  thing  sought.  If  Dr.  Ukert  had  measured  down 
from  the  Island,  600  stadia  would  have  brought  him  to 
Eoquemaure.  But  he  treats  Tarascon  as  the  safe  point  to  be 
measured  from.  To  try  this  in  earnest  would  be  dangerous  : 
but  again  he  puts  himself  into  the  Marseille  road,  saying,  "  We 
"  learn  from  Strabo,  that  from  the  Durance  to  the  Isere 
"  is  700  stadia." 

The  Durance  at  Cavaillon  can  prove  nothing,  being  in  a 
very  different  latitude  from  the  confluence  with  the  Phone.  As 
it  has  no  application  to  the  subject,  it  would  have  been  better 
to  try  to  make  out  by  some  means  the  real  distance  of 
Tarascon  from  the  Island.  Perhaps  Dr.  Ukert  thought  that 
he  had  done  so  :  for  he  does  to  a  certain  extent  bring  forward 
the  very  road  given  by  the  Itinerary  along  the  Phone ;  but, 
unhappily,  he  just  omits  those  parts  which  would  have  saved 
him  from  a  dangerous  conclusion. 

His  object  being  to  shew  that  Polybius  might  intend 
Tarascon,  as  on  the  Phone  600  stadia  below  the  Island,  he 


CHAP.  III.]  Tarascoii  Theory.     Vkert.  73 

refers  to  Itinerary  (p.   553,   Wesseling),  and  sets  forth  from 
it  a  length  of  600  up  the  Ehone  thus  (p.  590).  * 


Bellintum 

Avenio     .     . 

.     .    V. 

Cypresseta   . 

.     .     V. 

Aransio   .     . 

.     XV. 

Ad  Lectore  . 

.     XIII. 

Novem  Craris 

..X. 

Aeunum  .     . 

.     XV. 

Batiana  .     .     . 

.     XII. 

75  m.  p 

.  —  600  Stadien. 

Now  Dr.  Ukert  knew  Tarascon  to  be  lower  down  than 
Bellintum :  and  he  knew  the  Island  to  be  higher  up  than 
Batiana.  His  own  map  which  follows  his  Dissertation  places 
Tarascon  below  Bellintum  ;  and  the  Jerusalem  Itinerary, 
which  he  is  transcribing,  has,  above  Batiana,  XII.  to  Umben- 
num;  and  Villi,  to  Valentia.  He  omits  these  21  m.  p.  =  168 
stadia,  and  40  more  which  are  from  Valentia  to  the  Is^re : 
also  having  first  omitted  the  length,  whatever  it  is,  from 
Tarascon  to  BelKntum.  The  enumeration  of  these  600  stadia 
is  delusive,  quite  unmeaning.  Dr.  Ukert  would  see  that  the 
true  distance  from  Tarascon  to  the  Island  was  not  the 
distance  which  he  was  trying  to  insiQuate,  but  rather  about 
860  stadia.  He  might  as  well  have  reminded  us  of  some 
length  of  600  along  the  Ehine  or  the  Danube. 

Not  feeling  that  he  succeeds  in  bringing  the  Island  and 
Tarascon  nearer  to  one  another  than  as  nature  and  art  have 
placed  them.  Dr.  Ukert  resorts  to  the  opinion,  that  the  four 
days*  march  did  not  bring  the  Carthaginian  army  to  the 
Island  at  all :  and  that,  though  Hannibal  got  there,  the  army 

*  This  is  an  exact  copy  of  the  Jerus.  Itin.  except  that  Wesseling 
writes  Vancianis  for  Batiana  :  the  figures  are  the  same. 


74  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  hi. 

did  not.  This  is  his  argument,  p.  590  : — "  The  historian  does 
"  not  assert  that  Hannibal  came  to  the  Island  with  his  army ; 
"  this  might  remain  more  south :  somewhere  in  the  country 
"  of  the  Drome.  And  perhaps  he  settled  the  contest  of  the 
"  brothers,  either  by  his  appearance  and  the  effect  which  the 
'*  vicinity  of  his  experienced  bands  gave  to  his  words  ;  or  a 
"  detached  division  supported  the  elder  one." 

The  doubts  here  suggested  must  be  solved  by  the  context 
of  the  history.  Things  are  sometimes  to  be  understood  as 
said  of  the  general  alone  ;  as,  that  he  listened  to  the  proposals 
of  one  of  the  contending  parties.  But  see  what  things  are 
alleged  here.  Having  put  the  whole  armament  in  motion, 
the  historian  relates  that  Hannibal,  by  a  four  days'  march, 
came  to  the  Island  :  he  tells  of  operations  carried  on  by  him 
in  the  Island ;  that  he  found  in  it  two  brothers  at  open  war 
for  the  sovereignty  ;  that  he  supported  one,  and  attacked  and 
defeated  the  other  :  and,  further,  that  after  receiving  supplies 
from  the  chief  whom  he  had  befriended,  his  whole  force  being 
refitted  with  necessaries,  he  advanced  to  the  Alps  attended 
by  his  ally.  The  movements  so  told  must  be  applied  to 
Hannibal  with  the  force  under  his  command.  The  words  rJKe 
and  d(f>LK6/ijL€vo<;,  as  well  as  <Tvve7n6e/jLevo<;  and  avveK^aXcoVy 
must  be  understood  of  Hannibal  with  his  army,  not  of 
Hannibal  without  his  army ;  and,  whatever  road  he  after- 
wards took  to  the  Alps,  the  four  days'  march  had  been  a 
march  to  the  Island. 

I  hope  it  has  been  shown  that  the  SmySao-t?  of  .Dr.  Ukert 
is  too  near  to  the  sea,  and  too  far  from  the  Island.  In  both 
instances  Polybius  gives  the  idea  of  space  through  the  men- 
tion of  four  days  ;  one  is  "  nearly  four  days,"  and  must  be 
taken  as  less  than  the  average  for  that  time  :  the  advance  to 
the  Isere  was,  by  obvious  motive,  a  rapid  march,  and  would 
cover  the  full  space. 

I  have  expended  many  words  upon  that  which  is  but  a 


CHAP.  III.]  Tarascon  Theory      Ukert.  75 

small  part  of  our  entire  subject.  My  apology  is  this  :  ad- 
verse arguments  are  not  to  be  neglected  because  ourselves 
think  them  feeble :  the  character  of  the  adversary  is  to  be 
considered  :  and  Dr.  Ukert  is  placed  before  me  on  so  high  an 
eminence  by  the  eulogies  of  Dr.  Thirlwall,  that,  whatever  I 
may  think  of  his  reasonings,  no  pains  can  be  superfluous  that 
are  applied  to  resist  them.  There  are  further  arguments  of 
Dr.  Ukert,  which  liave  as  yet  met  with  no  resistance. 

On  Roman  Measurements  in  Gaul  and  Spain. 

Polybius,  in  c.  39,  enumerates  six  distances,  beginning 
from  the  Pillars  of  Hercules.  To  Carthagena  :  to  the  Ebro  : 
to  Emporium  :  to  the  passage  of  the  Ehone  :  to  the  beginning 
of  Alps :  to  the  plain  of  Italy.  And  after  the  statement  of 
distance  to  the  Ehone,  we  read  these  words — "for  these 
"  distances  have  now  been  carefully  stepped,  and  marked  at 
"  every  eight  stadia,  by  the  Eomans." 

Every  commentator,  with  the  exception  of  Dr.  Ukert, 
seems  satisfied  with  those  words  as  they  appear  in  the  text ; 
thereby  assenting  to  the  notion,  that  the  Eomans  had,  in  the 
days  of  Polybius,  placed  mile-stones,  or  other  marks  of  dis- 
tance, both  along  the  Spanish  and  French  coasts,  as  far  as 
the  Ehone.  Dr.  Ukert,  with  due  regard  to  history,  disowns 
Polybius  as  a  witness  to  Eoman  roads  in  Languedoc  :  but  he 
solves  the  difficulty  by  rejecting  the  words  as  spurious.  I 
believe  them  to  be  genuine,  but  to  have  got  out  of  their 
place.* 

Dr.  Ukert  finds  several  reasons  for  rejecting  the  proposition 
altogether  ;  having  quoted  the  words,  ravra  yap  vvv,  &c. ;  he 
writes  thus — ''  What !  Polybius,  having  the  distances  mea- 
"  sured  and  given  by  the  Eomans,  and  himself  giving  a  ratio 

*  Henry  Long  applies  ravra  to  the  French  Hne  of  coast  only ! 
—P.  16. 


76 


PolyUus  interpreted. 


[part  m. 


"  between  the  stadium  and  the  Eoman  mile,  could  he  satisfy 
*'  himself  with  employing  about — irepl  1600  st.  —  ?  Our  doubt 
"  is  increased,  when  we  see  that  the  ratio  stated  is  not  that 
"  which  Polybius  follows  :  for  he  reckons  a  mile  equivalent  to  * 
"  8-|-  stadia.  When  Polybius  travelled  through  the  south  of 
"  Gaul,  no  Eoman  roads  had  been  made  then  :  it  was  in  the 
"  year  118  B.C.  that  the  Eomans  first  entered  these  countries 
"  as  conquerors,  and  in  the  same  year  founded  the  colony  of 
"  Narbo :  they  could  hardly  have  constructed  regular  roads 
"  before  this  period.  Moreover,  Polybius  wrote  his  work 
"  earlier  than  that :  he  was  writing  it  in  the  year  145 
"  B.C.,  and  he  died  in  the  year  124  B.C. — the  words  in 
"  question  are  probably  a  note  of  some  later  writer, 
"  which  has  fallen  into  the  text.  The  accounts  confirm 
"  this  view,  in  stating  that  Caius  Gracchus  was  the  first 
"  who  had  roads  properly  measured  and  marked  out  by  mile- 
"  stones.  Probably  the  merit  of  constructing  a  road  into 
"  Spain  through  JSTarbonese  Gaul  belongs  to  Fonteius,  who, 
"  in  Cicero's  time,  occupied  it  with  an  army.  Polybius  too, 
"  in  this  passage,  speaks  of  the  measured  road  as  reaching  to 
"  Cadiz  :  an  inscription,  by  Gruter,  ascribes  this  addition  to 
"  Augustus." 

One  fact  here  stated  is  incontrovertible.  Polybius  died 
before  the  Eomans  had  begun  the  conquest  of  Gaul.  He 
cannot,  therefore,  have  spoken  of  Eoman  roads  in  that  country. 
This  objection  of  Dr.  Ukert  claims,  and  will  receive,  an 
answer.  The  rest  of  his  comment  I  consider  to  be  of  no  value. 

The  notion  that  Polybius  estimated  a  mile  at  one-third  of  a 
stadium  more  than  other  persons,  has  already  been  dealt  with 
in  Part  II.  of  this  work.  Dr.  Ukert  adopted  that  opinion  in 
1832,  when  he  engaged  in  the  controversy  on  Hannibal's 
march:  he  had  declined  to  acquiesce  in  it,  when  he  was 
writing  on  Eoman  measurements  in  1816.  And  I  hope  to 
show  that,  while  his  correction  of  chronology  is  accepted,  he 


CHAP.  III.]  Tarascon  Theory.      UJcert.  11 

is  still  at  liberty  to  reject  the  notion  of  8^  stadia  to  a  Roman 
mile. 

As  to  what  Plutarch  says  upon  Gracchus  bringing  the 
business  of  roads  and  mile-stones  into  a  system,  this  does  not 
help  us  to  the  date  when  military  measuring  and  marking 
of  distances  was  first  practised  by  the  Eomans  :  and  the 
suggestion  that  Fonteius  first  constructed  a  road  through 
Narbonese  Gaul,  though  quite  unimportant,  is  a  mistake. 
Dr.  Ukert  himself  helps  to  disprove  it,  by  referring  to  Cicero's 
defence  of  him  against  the  charge  of  extortion.  Fonteius  was 
prosecuted,  among  other  things,  for  conniving  at  the  neglect 
of  the  roads  :  in  fact,  for  taking  bribes  from  the  natives,  from 
whom  he  ought  to  have  exacted  the  repair  of  them.  Cicero 
thus  notices  the  charge — "  Objectum  est  etiam,  qusestum  M. 
Fonteium  ex  viarum  munitione  fecisse :  ut  aut  ne  cogeret 
munire,  aut  id,  quod  munitum  esset,  ne  improbaret."  In 
urging  the  injustice  of  making  Fonteius  criminally  respon- 
sible for  the  roads,  he  represents  that  the  immediate  duty 
devolved  upon  his  legates,  themselves  eminent  men,  "cum 
majoribus  reipublica  negotiis  M.  Fonteius  impediretur."  Cicero 
names  the  Via  Domitia,  which  was  made  in  that  country 
fifty  years  before  the  delinquencies  of  Fonteius.  The  charge 
against  that  officer  concerned  the  repair  of  roads,  not  the  first 
construction  of  them. 

Dr.  Ukert  at  last  deems  the  passage  spurious,  on  the  im- 
probability that  Polybius  should  speak  of  a  road  measured  to 
Cadiz.  He  might  have  spoken  of  a  road  to  that  place :  for 
it  existed.  But  he  does  not  mention  it :  he  only  states  the 
distance  from  the  Pillars  to  Carthagena :  and  from  that  city 
his  measurements  of  the  march  begin. 

On  the  main  historical  fact,  concerning  roads  in  Gaul,  Dr. 
Ukert's  position  is  unimpeachable.  The  chronology  of  Eoman 
dominion  shows  conclusively  that  Polybius  can  never  have 
spoken  of  their  indications  of  distance  between  tlie  Rhone 


78  Polyhius  inttr^preied.  [part  ill. 

and  the  Pyrenees.  Such  things  did  not  take  place  in  time 
for  him  to  notice  them,  even  in  his  latest  days.  It  was  not 
till  122  B.C.,  two  years  after  his  death,  that  the  Eomans 
founded  their  first  colony  without  the  Alps,  but  within  the 
Khone,  Aquse  Sextise.  In  the  next  year  they  had  their 
successes  on  the  banks  of  the  Ehone  and  Isere  :  and  not  till 
118  B.C.,  as  stated  by  Ukert,  being  six  years  after  the  death  of 
Polybius,  was  founded  the  first  colony  beyond  the  Ehone. 
Even  then  it  is  probable  that  for  some  time  their  armaments 
continued  to  proceed  from  Italy  to  Spain  by  sea. 

But,  while  history  contradicts  the  existence  of  a  stepped 
and  marked  road  along  the  Celtic  coast  at  the  period  in 
question,  it  does  not  contradict  the  existence  of  such  a  road 
along  the  Iberian  coast.  And  it  seems  to  me,  that  the  pro- 
position in  parenthesis,  ravra  yap,  &c.,  which  is  quite  Poly- 
bian,  is  not  spurious,  but  has  been  shifted  from  its  proper 
place  in  the  catalogue  of  distances.  It  should  be  read  after 
the  1,600  stadia  to  Emporium,  not  after  the  1,600  to  the 
Ehone.  When  Polybius  made  his  journey,  the  Eomans  were 
in  military  possession  of  the  Iberian  coast,  and  had  been  so 
from  the  time  of  his  birth.  During  that  period  their  entrance 
to  Spain  was  by  sea :  Emporium,  the  terminus  of  the  mea- 
surement we  are  speaking  of,  was  their  place  of  landing  ;  and 
here  began  their  military  line  along  the  Iberian  coast.  We 
may  well  believe  that  this  6B6<;  was  stepped,  and  its  division 
into  miles  indicated  crearjfjLevay/j.iprj,  if  not  /caTeo-rrjXcofievrj. 
Their  military  way,  when  afterwards  made  through  the 
Pyrenees  into  Spain,  did  not  go  through  Emporium  :  it  went 
direct  from  Juncaria  to  Gerunda.  Emporium  is  not  in  the 
Itinerary. 

If  my  suggestion  is  accepted,  the  historical  eri'or  is  relieved  : 
it  vanishes  as  completely  on  transposing  the  words  as  on 
erasing  them.  The  minor  objection,  also,  of  irepl  being 
applied  to  an  ascertained  distance,  is  removed  at  the  same 


CilAP.  III.]  Tarascon  Theory.     Ukert.  79 

time.  The  Iberian  distances  are  alleged  without  irepL  Hepl 
is  only  applied  to  the  scope  of  march  which  includes  the 
Pyrenees,  and  to  that  which  inchides  the  Alps.  Let  us  then 
read  Polybius  thus  : — 

From  the  Pillars  to  the  New  City,  whence 
Hannibal  commenced  his  expedition  into 
Italy,  it  is 3,000  stadia. 

And  from  this  city  to  the  river  Ebro,  it  is    .     .     2,600      „ 

And  from  this  river,  again,  to  Emjjorium     .     .     1,600      „ 
(For  these  distances  have  now  been  care- 
fully  stepped,   and   marked   at   every   8 
stadia  by  the  Konians.) 

And  on  from   thence   to  the  passage  of  the 

Ehone,  about 1,600      „ 

And  from  the  passage  of  the  Ehone,  for  those 
who  travel  along  that  river  as  if  to  the 
source  as  far  as  the  ascent  of  Alps,  which 
leads  to  Italy 1,400      „ 

And  the  rest  of  the  way  over  the  heights  of 

Alps,  about 1,200      „ 

Surmounting  which,  he  would  arrive  in 
the  Padan  Plain  of  Italy. 

On  the  Roads  of  Gaul  vii  HaniiibaVs  time. 

Although  Dr.  Ukert  has  rightly  rejected  the  notion  that 
Polybius  lived  to  see  Eoman  roads  in  Languedoc,  he  seeks 
the  aid  of  Eoman  roads  to  support  his  interpretation  of  the 
Bla^acTL^ — he  says  this  : — "  Supposing  the  passage  (ravra 
"  yap,  &c.)  to  be  an  interpolation,  still  we  may,  with  good 
''  reason,  assume  that  the  early  roads  in  these  countries  had 
"  been  in  the  same  lines  that  were  afterwards  used  by  the 
"  Eomans  when  they  formed  their  roads.  The  nature  of  the 
*•'  countiy  itself  would  require  them  to  pursue  nearly  the  same 
"  track  along  the  plain  region  between  the  coast  and  the  line 


30  Folyhius  interpreted.  [pakt  hi. 

"  of  mountains :  we  find  that  here  in  later  times  there  were 
"  Eoman  roads,  and  these  in  all  probability  led  to  the  Ehone 
"  at  that  part  where,  according  to  the  means  then  in  use,  a 
"  passage  would  be  most  easily  effected.  Polybius  speaks  of 
*'  such  a  place  ;  but  not  of  any  town  in  the  neighbourhood — 
*'  which  Strabo  does  in  his  description  of  this  road. 
"  JSTemausus  (he  says)  lies  on  the  road  from  Iberia  to  Italy, 
*'  being  100  stadia  from  the  Ehone  and  Tarasco." 

It  is  true  that  the  confined  nature  of  the  country  between 
the  coast  and  the  lines  of  mountains  prescribed  the  route 
from  the  Pyrenees  as  far  as  Mmes.  But  from  thence  to  the 
Ehone  there  is  no  confinement :  a  north-east  course,  a  straight 
onward  course,  and  a  south-east  course  were  equally  open  to 
the  invaders ;  nature  offers  no  obstruction  to  a  march  for 
Avignon  or  Montfaucon,  which  lies  over  undulating  plains. 

Strabo  tells  us  that  the  country  near  the  Ehone  is  usefully 
practicable.  While  he  commends  the  depth  of  the  river  for 
navigation,  he  says  that  the  difficulty  of  ascending  it  is  so 
great,  from  the  rapidity  of  the  current,  that  merchants  avoid 
it,  and  transport  their  goods  in  waggons,  the  country  being 
level,  towards  the  Arverni  and  the  Loire,  notwithstanding  the 
vicinity  of  the  Ehone.   iv.  189. 

We  know  not  that,  so  early  as  the  time  of  Hannibal,  a 
route  from  Mmes  was  established  in  any  direction  for  crossing 
the  Ehone.  He  would  make  his  election  according  to  the 
further  parts  to  which  he  was  tending.  The  state  of  things 
two  centuries  later  gives  no  criterion.  When  after  the  death 
of  Polybius,  the  two  sides  of  the  river,  instead  of  belonging 
to  smaller  separate  states,  came  under  one  dominion,  inter- 
course was  promoted  for  Italian  objects,  and  new  tracks  over 
the  Ehone  would  be  established  for  travellers.  But  if  Eoman 
usage  could  have  borne  upon  our  question,  Aries  would  claim 
the  preference  ;  for  it  was  in  the  great  military  way  to  Spain, 
whether  from  the  north  or  south  of  Italy  :  that  way  crossed 


CHAP.  III.]  Tarascon  Theory.     Ukert  81 

the  Ehone  at  Aries,  not  at  Tarascon.  Strabo  speaks  of 
Aries  as  7ro\t9  koX  ifMiropiov  ov  fjuKpov.  The  virtues  of  the 
Tarascon  road  from  Nimes  are  also  alluded  to :  passable  in 
summer,  but  deep  in  mud  and  flooded  in  spring  and  winter: 
Oipov^i  fiev  ev^arov  ovaav,  'x,€ifiwvo<;  Se  kol  €apo<;  irrjXcoSrj 
Koi  TTorafioKXvaTov.  ii.  187.  At  a  later  period  it  came  to  be 
improved.  M.  Astruc  relates  (Hist.  Nat.  de  Languedoc, 
p.  225)  that  milliary  columns,  of  the  age  of  Tiberius,  have 
been  found  between  Ntmes  and  Beaucaire:  a  fact  which 
D'Anville  tells  with  much  satisfaction  ;  adding  that  the  space 
between  two  of  them,  as  they  were  found,  was  just  754 
toises.     "  Notice  de  Gaule."     Nemausus. 

But  all  this  has  no  bearing  on  the  particulars  or  induce- 
ments of  Hannibal.  If  you  imagine,  for  the  period  of  the 
Carthaginian  march,  the  improvement  in  a  Tarascon  road 
which  the  Eomans  gave  it  two  or  three  centuries  later, 
Hannibal  would  not  have  availed  himself  of  it  for  effecting 
his  march  to  the  Island.  The  notion  of  crossing  the  Ehone 
below  the  influx  of  the  Durance,  is  only  suitable  to  a  theory 
of  going  on  direct  to  the  Mont  Genevre.  But  Dr.  Ukert  does 
not  so  construe  Polybius.  Why  then  does  he  struggle  for  a 
passage  at  Tarascon  ?  Because  he  intends  his  four  days' 
march  to  halt  short  of  the  Is^re.  Therefore  it  suits  him  to 
find  arguments  for  crossing  the  Ehone  below  the  junction  of 
the  Durance  :  a  scheme  favoured  by  no  intrinsic  probability, 
but  in  favour  of  which  he  has  provided  other  arguments 
equally  untenable. 

On  the  Policy  of  Hannibal.     The  Durance. 

Dr.  Ukert  says,  p.  583  : — "  If  it  is  objected  to  our  doctrine, 
"  that  Hannibal  would  have  crossed  too  near  to  the  coast  and 
"  thereby  to  the  Eomans,  this  objection  will  be  removed,  if 
"  we  consider  that  he  did  not  expect  the  enemy  here,  as  little 
"  indeed  as  the  latter  expected  him.     The  difliculty  which 

VOL.  I.  G 


32  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  hi. 

«  attended  the  passage  of  the  Durance  would  also  be  as  little 
"  thought  of  then  as  in  later  times,  when  the  principal  Koman 
"  Road  was  carried  over  the  Ehone  south  of  that  river.  People 
"  from  Nemausus  came  either  to  Ugernum,  or  more  south  to 
"  Arelate  :  the  road  to  the  latter  place  then  branched  into  two ; 
"  one  went  south-east  to  Aquae  Sextiae,  the  other  north-east 
"  over  the  Druentia.  Hannibal  came  upon  the  dry  season, 
«  before  the  river  had  been  swollen  with  rain."  I  certainly 
do  make  the  anticipated  objections,  and  I  consider  that  Dr. 
Ukert  is  mistaken  in  all  the  points  which  he  here  makes :  the 
expectation  of  resistance,  the  Durance,  and  the  security  against 
floods. 

Hannibal  must  have  calculated  upon  opposition  by  the 
Roman  force :  and  that  alone  was  a  strong  reason  for  him  to 
seek  a  passage  above  the  influx  of  the  Durance  :  his  plan  was 
framed  upon  a  study  of  all  things  necessary  to  be  observed, 
and  was  executed  according  to  the  purpose  in  which  it  was 
framed.     The  risk  of  opposition  by  a  Roman   army  must 
always  have  dissuaded  from  crossing  the  Rhone  too  near  the 
sea.     What  pretence  is  there  for  saying,  that  the  arrival  of 
the  Roman  army  was  unexpected  ?     A  wise  commander  will 
deem  his  enemy  capable  of  wisdom.     The  question  of  Scipio's 
approach  must  have  been  a  subject  of  intense  anxiety  on  the 
part  of  Hannibal ;  and  he  had  far  less  reason  to  be  surprised 
by  his  arrival,  than  by  his  not  having  arrived  sooner.     In  the 
history  of  this  war,  there  is  nothing  more  remarkable  than 
the  casualties  which  required  Scipio's  army  to  be  retained  in 
Italy,  and  new  levies  to  be  made  for  his  expedition  to  oppose 
Hannibal     When  the  invaders  were  making  their  way  from 
the  Pyrenees  to  the  Rhone,  Hannibal  was  not  so  well  aware 
of  these  favouring  circumstances  as  we  are  now.     The  Rhone 
was  a  great  line  of  advantage  for  withstanding  the  effort  of 
invasion,  and  the  Romans  were  just  too  late  to  avail  them- 
selves of  it.     If  we  believe  that  Hannibal  mioht  have  been 


CHAP.  III.]  Tarascon  Theory,     Vhtrt,  83 

repulsed  in  attempting  the  passage  of  the  Ehone  in  face  of  a 
Roman  army,  we  must  see  the  highest  wisdom  in  his  evading 
so  dangerous  a  contingency. 

The  avoiding  of  the  additional  passage  of  the  Durance  was 
incident  to  Hannibal's  decision  on  the  place  of  crossing.     Dr. 
Ukert  despises  that  difficulty  :  and,  because  in  after-times  the 
Romans,  masters  of  the  country,  carried  one  of  their  great 
"Ways  across  the  Durance,  he  does  not  perceive  that  Hannibal, 
in  a  strange  country,  and  an  enemy  at  hand  to  resist  him, 
could  see  any  additional  obstacle  in  that  great  river.     But 
presently  this  critic  contradicts  himself  with  a  different  argu- 
ment :  he  proves  the  importance  of  the  Durance,  by  contend- 
ing that,  if  the  Romans  had  to  cross  it,  which  they  must  if 
Hannibal  did  not,  the  fact  would  have  found  place  in  the 
history.     He  says,  p.  584  : — *'  If  we  do  not  allow  Hannibal  to 
"  have  crossed  it,  the  Roman  consul  with  his  army  must  have 
"  crossed  it,  and  the  detachment  of  cavalry  twice :    which 
"  would  certainly  have  been  mentioned  by  the  historians." 
It  would  be  fitter  to  say  that  if,  as  Dr.  Ukert  imputes,  Hanno 
in  his  march  down,  and  Hannibal  in  his  march  up,  had  been 
required  to  pass  the  Durance,  these  are  things  which  would 
have  been  mentioned  by  the  historian.     Such  impediments 
are  left  by  Polybius  without  description,  when  no  incident  of 
interest  has   belonged  to   the   surmounting  of   them.     The 
country  was  unfriendly  to  the  Carthaginians,  and  they  would 
have  had  to  force  the  Durance  against  resistance.    This  would 
have  called  for  the  notice  of  history  far  more  than  the  un- 
opposed passage  of  that  river  by  the  Romans,  when  Hannibal 
was  in  full  retreat. 

Dr.  Ukert  further  requires  us  to  believe  that,  at  the  end  of 
September  or  beginning  of  October,  the  Durance  is  so  dry  that 
it  could  offer  no  impediment  to  military  movements.  It  may 
be  that  this  season  is  not  commonly  considered  as  the  season 
of  floods.     But  that  Alpine  river  may  be  swollen  by  rains  and 

g2 


34  PolyUus  interpreted.  [part  hi. 

melted  snow  any  day  in  the  year.  To  sliun  it  at  any  season  was 
prudence,  even  in  September  and  October.  In  October,  1841, 
when  bridges  were  seriously  damaged  at  Vienne  and  Grenoble, 
the  inundations  at  Tarascon  were  such  that  the  communica- 
tions were  in  danger  of  being  cut  off,  and  a  regiment  of 
chasseurs  were  obliged  to  move  to  Mmes.  About  the  same 
time  the  passengers  by  diligence  between  Avignon  and  Sorgues 
were  with  difficulty  rescued  by  boats,  some  having  mounted 
the  roof,  others  clinging  to  the  backs  of  the  horses  who  were 
swimming  for  their  lives.  The  valley  of  the  lower  Rhone  was 
probably  not  better  drained  in  218  B.C.  than  it  is  now :  and  I 
know,  from  a  friend  travelling  in  1840,  that  the  water  stand- 
ing in  the  road  from  Marseilles  to  Lyons  was  very  inconvenient 
to  his  boots  as  he  sat  in  the  diligence. 

In  October,  1842,  the  Courier  de  Grenoble  reported  that 
houses  had  fallen  at  Vienne  ;  that  the  bridge  of  the  Gabatikes 
had  been  again  carried  away  by  the  floods  ;  that  the  Route  de 
Beaurepaire  and  the  Route  Royale  had  been  rendered  im- 
passable, and  the  bridge  of  chains  carried  away ;  that  an  inn 
near  the  bridge  had  fallen,  burying  an  ostler  in  the  ruins. 
The  report  from  Tarascon  was  that  the  Rhone  had  so  inun- 
dated the  country  that  all  communication  was  cut  off.     Who 
knows  but  that  the  Alpine  Durance,  tum  forte  imbribus  auctus, 
had  its  share  in  these  casualties,  notwithstanding  the  eulogies 
on  its  dry  season  pronounced  by  Mr.  H.  Long  and  Dr.  Ukert  ? 
In  the  inundations  of  1846,  when  the  overflowings  of  the 
Loire  and  the  Var  were  so  calamitous,  the  sudden  rise  of  the 
Durance  arrested  the  construction  of  a  railway  viaduct ;  and 
the  same  cause  might  in  218  B.C.  have  disturbed  the  progress 
of  an  army.     On  the  12th  September,  1860,  the  Times  corre- 
spondent at  Paris  reported  a  letter  from   Remusat,  in  the 
Dr6me,  saying  that  a  waterspout,  accompanied  with  terrific 
thunder  and  torrents  of  rain,  so  suddenly  increased  the  waters 
in  the  rivers,  that  a  new  bridge  over  the  Aigues  was  swept 


CHAP.  III.]  Tarascon  Theory.     Ukert.  86 

away.     Another  at  Vaucluse  suffered  the  same  fate,  and  a 
vast  amount  of  property  was  destroyed. 

Dr.  Ukert  having  given  his  argument  on  the  motives  of 
Hannibal,  founds  another  on  the  motives  of  Scipio.  He 
says,  p.  584 : — "  The  Romans,  from  the  known  unfriendly 
"  feeling  of  the  people  of  Gaul,  would  hardly  have  ventured 
"  so  far  into  the  country :  whereas  on  the  other  hand  the 
"  more  southerly  of  these  might  be  friendly  through  the 
"  mediation  of  the  people  of  Marseille."  Surely  our  question 
is,  not  whether  the  Eomans  would  desire  to  venture  so  far  as 
the  Carthaginian  entrenchments  ;  but  whether  they  did  ven- 
ture so  far  under  a  necessity  to  do  so.  We  have  to  discuss 
the  probable  motives  of  Hannibal,  not  those  by  which  Scipio 
would  have  determined  the  place  of  his  enemy's  crossing,  if 
he  could  have  prescribed  it.  He  no  doubt  would  have 
preferred  a  point  nearer  to  his  ships  and  to  Marseille :  the 
Massiliots  were  warm  allies,  and  had  some  Celtic  horse  in 
their  pay.  But  these  very  things  bring  us  again  to  a  conclu- 
sion which  is  not  that  of  Dr.  Ukert ;  namely,  that  the  alliance 
between  Eome  and  those  who  dwelt  nearer  to  the  mouth  of 
the  Rhone,  would  from  the  first  disincline  Hannibal  from  that 
neighbourhood  and  the  region  south  of  Durance,  and  add  one 
to  his  many  motives  to  seek  a  higher  crossing. 

On  the  Vessels  used  in  the  Passage. 

Dr.  Ukert  offers  us  this  further  argument  against  Mont- 
faucon  and  Roqueniaure.  "We  ought  to  remember  that 
"  Hannibal,  in  order  to  transport  his  troops,  depended  upon 
"  ships  which  could  also  serve  upon  the  sea,  like  those  which 
"  Caesar  at  a  later  time  caused  to  be  built  at  Aries  ;  and  the 
"  question  is,  whether  these  could  be  used  higher  up  the 
"  stream.  On  the  other  hand,  the  spot  where  we  suppose 
"  Hannibal  to  have  ^crossed,  is  even  now  one  of  the  most 
"  frequented  ;  two  biidges  of  boats  lead  over  the  Rhone  there, 
"  and  it  is  a  place  of  considerable  trafiic."  (p.  582.) 


:36  Polyhms  interpreted.  [part  III. 

I  know  not  how  Dr.  Ukert  has  discovered  that  the  \efi^o<^ 
of  Hannibal,  and  the  navis  longa  of  Csesar,  were  built  on  the 
same  model.  Is  the  resemblance  in  bulk,  or  outline,  or  con- 
struction? And  why  should  either  one  or  the  other  have 
been  capable  of  swimming  at  Tarascon  and  not  capable  at 
Montfaucon  ?  Csesar's  ships  were  never  put  to  either  of  those 
tests  :  they  were  built  at  Aries,  and  went  at  once  to  the  sea — 
"  Naves  longas  Arelate  numero  XII.  facere  instituit.  Quibus 
"  effectis  armatisque  diebus  XXX.  k  qua  die  materia  csesa  est, 
"  adductisque  Massiliam,  his  D.  Brutum  pra^fecit."*  These 
ships  had  no  occasion  and  no  opportunity  to  explore  the  river 
above  the  dockyard  in  which  they  were  built.  They  were 
very  soon  engaged  against  the  Massilian  fleet,  and,  though 
successful,  were  less  efficient,  from  being  built  in  a  hurry  and 
of  unseasoned  timber  (factse  subito  ex  humida  materia).  They 
certainly  never  found  themselves  in  the  reach  above  Eoque- 
maure,  but  neither  were  they  ever  off  Tarascon. 

The  vessels  which  took  over  the  cavalry  soldiers  of  Hannibal, 
are  called  by  Polybius  Kefiffoc :  a  term  applicable  to  any  kind 
of  transport  vessel,  and  to  river  barges  ;  as,  when  Latinized, 
— qui  adverso  vix  flumine  lembum  Eemigio  subigit.  The 
facts  alleged  of  them  are,  that  they  were  in  great  numbers ; 
that  they  were  much  larger  and  heavier  than  the  single-timber 
barks  used  by  the  light  infantry ;  that  the  horses  swam  after 
them,  one  man  holding  three  or  four  from  either  side  of  the 
poop ;  and  that  they  were  employed  for  towing  the  rafts  which 
bore  the  elephants  across  the  river.  All  these  purposes  seem 
appropriate  to  a  river  barge  or  small  coasting  vessel,  more 
than  to  the  Eoman  war-ship. 

The  difficulties  of  the  Ehone  that  affect  the  sufficiency  of 

water  for  navigation,  are  not  at  the  towns  here  mentioned  ; 

they  offer  themselves  near  the  mouth  ;  there  it  is  that  shallows 

and  shifting  mud-banks  are  recorded  as  a  nuisance.     Marius 

*  Comment,  de  Belle  Civili,  i.  c.  34.  / 


CHAP,  mj  Tarascon  Theory.      Ukert.  87 

made  the  canal  to  avoid  these  impediments  of  entrance ;  and 
the  Massilians,  to  whom  he  presented  this  work,  derived  a 
considerable  revenue  from  the  duties  which  they  levied  on 
vessels  thus  entering  and  quitting  the  river.  Str.  iv.  183. 
Caesar's  ships  probably  found  their  way  to  the  sea  by  this 
canal,  which  was  cut  from  the  eastern  channel  of  the  Ehone, 
a  little  below  Aries.  M.  Gosselin,  in  opposition  to  D'Anville, 
and  professing  to  interpret  Ptolemy  on  the  site  of  Fossce 
Marianae,  places  the  canal  west  of  Aigues-mortes  — Geog.  de 
Strabon.  ii.  p.  21,  n.  1.  This  notion  is  contradicted  by  all 
probability,  and  by  the  Itinerary,  in  which  Fossae  Marianae 
occurs  between  Marseille  and  Aries.  The  military  object, 
when  the  canal  was  made  in  the  Cimbrian  war,  was  commu- 
nication with  Marseille,  whence  supplies  would  come  to  the 
army  on  the  Ehone.  If  the  canal  had  come  into  the  sea  west 
of  the  river's  channels,  the  exit,  besides  being  less  convenient 
for  Eoman  purposes,  would  have  been  exposed  to  the  attei^- 
rissemens  from  the  river  which  the  currents  carried  westward. 
The  climax  of  the  merits  of  Tarascon  pourtrayed  by  Dr. 
Ukert  is,  that  there  are  now  two  bridges  of  boats  which,  I  pre- 
sume, means  one  from  Beaucaire  and  one  from  Tarascon  into  the 
island  which  is  between  them.  He  does  not  explain  in  what 
way  this  fact  affects  the  probabilities  of  the  subject.  It  may 
be  that  the  river  there  has  a  deeper  current  than  elsewhere, 
but  he  does  not  reason  upon  it,  or  assert  it. 

Dr.  Ukert  on  Scijno's  March. 

Scipio  advanced  up  the  country  from  near  the  mouth  of  the 
Ehone  to  the  place  where  Hannibal  had  crossed  that  river. 
Accordingly,  an  estimate  of  the  time  in  which  he  could  reach 
that  place  may  help  to  an  opinion  on  its  distance  from  the 

sea. 

Dr.  Ukert  (p.  583)  invites  that  question  in  words  which,  I 
believe,  are  fairly  translated  thus—"  That  the  distance  of  the 


88  PolyUits  interpreted.  [part  hi. 

"  point  of  crossing  was  not  so  high  up  the  river  as  Mandajors 
"  and  others  have  supposed,  is  evident  from  the  account,  that 
"  Scipio,  who  had  his  camp  near  the  coast  on  the  eastern  arm 
"  of  the  Khone,  came  to  the  camp  which  the  Carthaginians 
"  had  left,  on  the  third  day  after  their  decampment.  One 
"  may,  according  to  Polybius  and  Livy,  reckon  the  time 
"  double  :  but,  even  if  calculated  the  longest,  the  return  of  the 
"  cavalry,  the  preparations  of  the  consul,  his  decampment  and 
"  march  to  the  position,  cannot  have  occupied  more  than  five 
"  or  five  and  a  half  days  at  the  most." 

The  expression  so  translated,  '  reckon  the  time  double,' 
appearing  obscure,  I  sought  an  explanation  of  it  in  the 
Philological  Museum,  where  (ii.  679)  Dr.  Ukert's  views  are 
thus  exhibited  by  Dr.  Thirlwall — "  That  the  distance  of  the 
**  place,  where  Hannibal  crossed,  from  the  sea  was  not  so 
"  great  as  has  been  supposed  by  De  Luc,  seems  to  follow 
"  from  Scipio's  march  to  the  Carthaginian  camp  from  the 
"  mouth  of  the  river.  He  reached  it  in  three  days,  if, 
"  indeed,  this  is  not  the  time  spent  both  in  going  and  re- 
"  turning  to  his  ships,  as  the  language  both  of  Polybius  and 
"  Livy  might  be  construed."  I  cannot  find  that  either  history 
suggests  such  a  meaning  for  three  days.  Polybius  only  says 
that  Publius  was  at  the  place  of  crossing  i^fiepat,<;  vcrrepov 
Tpicrl  T^?  dva^vyfj<;  tSv  Kap'^rj^ovicov.  Livy  says  that  he  came 
to  the  encampment  triduo  fere  post  quam  Hannibal  ab  rip^ 
lihodani  movit.  Neither  historian  assigns  a  duration  to 
Scipio's  march. 

I  had  recourse  to  competent  persons,  and  received  different 
constructions  of  the  words  Man  kann  die  Zeit  doppelt 
berechnen.  None  were  satisfactory  in  terms  :  but  the  words 
certainly  seem  to  contain  the  idea  of  measuring  the  time  from 
Hannibal's  camp,  down  to  Scipio's  camp,  and  back  again  :  for 
it  was  near  to  the  former  that  the  confiict  of  the  cavalry  took 
place.     The  drift  of  the  criticism  ai)pears  from  the  words  that 


CHAP.  Ill,]  Tarascon  Theory.     Ukert.  89 

follow  :  those  words  suggest  a  calculation  of  the  time  which 
would  intervene  between  the  conflict  of  cavalry  and  the 
arrival  of  Scipio  at  the  deserted  entrenchments :  Dr.  Ukert 
asserts  that  the  things  done  in  that  timC;  namely,  the  return 
of  the  cavalry,  the  consul's  preparations,  his  decampment  and 
march  to  the  position,  would  at  the  most  have  occupied  five 
days,  or  five  and  a  half ;  and,  by  this,  he  seems  to  insinuate 
that,  if  the  encampment  had  been  as  high  up  as  Eoquemaure, 
those  things  must  have  occupied  a  longer  time. 

I  cannot  admit  that  they  would.  Scipio  came  to  the  posi- 
tion "  in  three  days  after  the  decampment  of  the  Cartha- 
ginians :"  those  three  days  are  exclusive  of  the  day  of  that 
decampment :  and  it  seems  to  me  that  all  the  things  which 
Dr.  Ukert  enumerates  as  only  requiring  five  days  and  a  half, 
which  he  thinks  not  enough  for  our  theory,  could  not  only  be 
done  in  that  time  he  names,  but  in  less  time.  Three  or  four 
days  after  the  ava^vyi],  would  have  been  ample  for  our 
theory,  and  decidedly  too  much  for  the  theory  of  Tarascon, 

Let  us  suppose  that  the  engagement  of  cavalry  took  place 
on  a  Monday  morning,  and  that  Hannibal  and  his  army  were 
en  route  the  following  day,  Tuesday :  Scipio  might  reach  their 
encampment  in  three  days  after  they  were  en  route,  namely, 
on  the  Friday.  The  news  of  the  engagement,  which  took 
place  in  the  morning  and  was  soon  over,  would  reach  the 
consul  in  the  course  of  the  following  day,  Tuesday :  and  we 
may  believe  that  he  marched  the  next  morning,  and,  by  three 
days'  march  reached  the  position  which  the  enemy  had 
abandoned.  It  is  to  be  observed  tliat  the  day  of  Hannibal's 
departure  was  before  those  three  days  of  Scipio,  who  arrived 
rjixepai^  varepov  rptal  T379  ava^vyfj<i.  Where  was  the  difli- 
culty  ?  Was  not  a  day  and  a  half  ample  for  the  intelligence 
to  travel  ?  In  the  morning,  before  Hannibal  assembled  his 
troops  to  the  conference  with  the  Cisalpine  chiefs,  he  had  sent 
out  the  five  hundred  Numidian  horse  to  reconnoitre  :  they  fell 


90 


Polyhius  interpreted. 


[part  hi. 


in  with  the  Eoman  detachment  almost  immediately  ;  "  not 
"  far  from  their  own  encampment."  After  a  sharp  encounter 
the  survivors  came  in  again  pursued  by  the  enemy,  and 
arrived  just  as  the  assembly  was  broken  up.  They  were  in 
their  own  quarters  again  early  in  the  day.  The  residue  of 
this  day,  together  with  the  next  day,  sufficed  for  the  report  of 
these  proceedings  to  be  carried  to  the  consul.  The  speed  of 
this  intelligence  is  not  to  be  measured  by  the  speed  of  an 
army's  march :  and,  though  the  history  says  that  the  Eoman 
horse  returned  to  their  camp  and  reported  to  Scipio,  we  need 
not  suppose  them  all  moving  together,  the  best  horses  keeping 
back  for  the  worst.  News  travels  according  to  the  speed  of 
the  swiftest,  not  the  slowest ;  and  the  native  horse,  familiar 
with  the  country,  were  acting  in  this  detachment.  Even  if 
Scipio,  neglecting  ordinary  foresight,  had  not  provided  for  the 
transmission  of  intelligence,  sixty  miles  was  no  impossible 
distance,  in  a  day  and  a  half  with  the  intervening  night,  for 
the  best  horses  to  carry  news  to  head-quarters  on  so  momen- 
tous an  occasion. 

The  intelligence  found  Scipio  in  a  full  state  of  readiness. 
He  had  known  Hannibal  to  be  on  the  Ehone  before  ever 
he  sent  the  cavalry  forward,  and  had  consulted  with  the 
tribunes  where  he  might  best  bring  the  enemy  to  action ;  he 
could  not  tell  which  he  might  see  first,  his  own  cavalry 
returning  or  the  enemy.  We  cannot  doubt  that  he  was  in 
march  the  next  morning ;  and  three  days'  march  would 
easily  bring  him  to  the  site  of  the  encampment,  opposite  to 
Eoquemaure. 

If  any  should  doubt  that  a  Eoman  army  could  be  moved 
sixty  or  sixty-five  miles  in  three  days,  I  say  that  my  argu- 
ment does  not  require  it.  I  am  not  bound  to  contend  that 
Scipio's  army  did  march  that  whole  distance.  In  the  first 
place,  sixty-five  miles  is  our  distance  from  the  sea,  and 
the  camp  may  have  been  some  miles  above  high  water-mark. 


CHAP.  III.]  Tarascon  Theory.     Ukert.  91 

Then  it  is  not  improbable  that  the  force  was  beginning  to 
move  to  the  interior,  while  this  detachment  was  away ;  and 
certainly  it  is  not  to  be  assumed  that  the  entire  force  ever 
completed  that  march,  and  actually  reached  the  scene  of  the 
deserted  entrenchments.  Polybius  says,  "  The  Eoman  general 
coming  to  the  place  and  finding  the  enemy  gone,  was  ex- 
ceedingly astonished."  At  this  time,  the  mass  of  his  army 
may  have  halted  short  of  that  place.  But  the  consul  would 
desire  to  satisfy  himself  on  the  enemy's  proceedings  :  intelli- 
gence of  what  happened  would  meet  him  on  his  advance ; 
and  he  would  hasten  forward  with  a  sufficient  escort.  We 
are  told  that,  when  he  found  the  Carthaginians  to  have  aban- 
doned the  position,  and  to  be  three  days  in  advance  of  him, 
he  determined  at  once  to  retrace  his  steps  to  his  ships.  In 
all  probability  the  order  to  that  effect  was  received  and 
obeyed  by  the  mass  of  the  army,  without  their  ever  reaching 
the  site  of  the  encampment. 

Now  consider  the  events  as  applied  to  the  Tarascon  theory. 
If  the  passage  and  the  encampment  were  near  to  that  place, 
the  Eoman  cavalry  must  have  gained  their  success  at  a  dis- 
tance of  about  thirty-six,  certainly  not  forty,  miles  from  the 
sea,  and  less  from  their  own  camp.  Suppose  this  to  be  on  a 
Monday  morning — is  it  to  be  believed  that  Scipio,  aU  ready 
and  eager  for  action,  (rrrevBcov  o-vfjufil^ai  rot?  virevavrloL^, 
with  no  Durance  intervening,  with  a  more  unqualified  favour 
from  the  natives  for  expediting  his  communications,  could 
not  find  his  way  to  the  place  so  as  to  know  that  the  enemy 
was  gone,  until  the  Friday  ?  He  would  have  been  there  on 
the  Wednesday. 

My  friends  of  the  Oxford  Dissertation  relate,  p.  45,  that 
Hannibal  put  his  infantry  in  march  on  the  day  after  the 
conflict,  and  himself  followed  with  the  cavaliy  and  elephants 
two  days  after  the  infantry  marched  up  the  river ;  and  that 
the  consul  arrived  three  days  after  the  departure  of  Han- 


92  Polyhiiis  interpreted,  [PAET  III. 

nibal.  Polybius  says,  "after  the  decampment  of  the  Car- 
**  thaginians,"  t?}?  dva^vjrjf;  twv  Kapxn^ovicov  :  and,  if  Han- 
nibal had  stayed  two  days  behind,  which  he  did  not,  ava^vyri 
was  the  breaking  up  of  the  force  when  the  infantry  marched  : 
T^v  Twv  ire^&v  eKLvei  hvva^iv  ck  tov  ')(apaKo<i  eU  iropeiav  : 
this  was  the  ava^vyrj  of  the  Carthaginians :  and  Scipio, 
coming  to  the  place  in  three  days  after  tliis,  came  four  days 
after  the  fight. 

But  Hannibal  did  not  stay  two  days  behind :  Polybius  says 
nothing  to  authorise  that  notion.  H.  Long  says  justly,  that 
"  there  is  no  reason  for  assigning  different  days  to  the  departure 
"  of  one  force  and  of  the  other."  The  narrative  imports 
unambiguously,  that  Hannibal  moved  forward  with  the  cavalry 
and  elephants  in  the  course  of  the  same  day  on  which  he 
had  sent  forward  the  infantry.  And  why  not?  He  had 
been  engaged  in  providing  for  the  transport  of  the  elephants 
(c.  42)  during  the  absence  of  Hanno.  He  had  selected  men 
for  the  execution  of  the  work  (c.  44)  before  the  conference 
with  the  Cisalpine  chiefs.  The  preparations  being  complete, 
why  should  he  not  bring  them  over  the  river  the  next 
morning,  and  proceed  with  them  the  same  day  ?  There  are 
no  words  which  import  the  contrary ;  none  that  indicate 
a  continued  separation  of  the  forces,  or  that  he  passed  a 
night  near  the  place  of  passage  after  the  infantry  had  moved. 
The  historian  says,  that  Hannibal  at  daybreak  drew  out  all 
his  cavalry  towards  the  sea  (^.  e.,  below  the  scene  of  opera- 
tions), and  put  the  infantry  in  motion,  &c.,  and  that  he 
waited  himself  for  the  elephants :  he  describes  the  process 
of  their  transportation ;  and  then  tells  us  that,  when  they 
had  been  brought  over  the  river,  Hannibal  went  forward, 
bringing  up  the  rear  with  them  and  the  cavalry.  A  march 
of  four  consecutive  days  brought  them  to  the  island. 


CHAP,  iv:]  Tarascon  Theory.     H.  L.  Long.  93 


CHAPTER  IV. 

Tarascon  Theory.  Arguments  of  H.  L.  Long.  Distance  from 
the  Sea.  Distance  from  Emporium.  The  single  Stream. 
Straho  and  the  Theodosiaii  Table. 

Mr.  Henry  Long,  as  well  as  Dr.  Ukert,  lias  endeavoured  to 
prove  that  Hannibal  crossed  the  Rhone  at  Tarascon.  But 
they  have  hardly  a  point  of  agreement  in  common.  Ukert, 
assenting  to  the  obvious  construction,  by  which  the  1,400 
stadia,  from  the  passage  of  the  Rhone  to  the  first  Alps, 
are  divided  into  600  and  800,  struggles  against  the  most 
palpable  facts,  to  reconcile  his  route  with  these  proportion?. 
Long,  by  a  new  mode  of  construing  the  text,  makes  the 
division  to  be  800  for  the  march  to  the  Isere,  and  600  for  the 
progress  to  the  Alps.  This  novelty,  with  the  general  merits  of 
his  scheme,  will  be  most  conveniently  examined  under  oiir 
second  head  of  inquiry :  at  present  I  notice  those  arguments 
which  are  applied  directly  to  the  place  of  crossing  the  Rhone. 

On  the  distance  from  the  Sea. 

The  question  of  measurement  along  the  Rhone  is  dispensed 
with  in  Long's  commentary,  pp.  22,  23,  by  an  intimation  that 
the  four  days'  journey  or  march  from  the  sea,  which  Polybius 
speaks  of,  does  not  import  a  distance  from  the  sea  at  the 
mouth  of  the  Rhone,  but  from  the  sea  which  Hannibal  had 
left  behind  him  at  Narbo.  The  idea  is  new.  Suppose  that 
my  friend,  having  just  come  up  from  Southampton,  was 
dealing  with  white  bait  at  Blackwall,  and  some  one  should 
inquire  the  distance  to  the  sea.  Would  he  in  his  answer 
compute  a  measurement  to  Southampton,  or  to  the  mouth  of 
the  Thames  ?  I  think  he  would  reckon  to  the  mouth  of  the 
Thames,  though  he  would  be  much  farther  from  the  sea  there, 
than  if  he  were  at  Tarascon.     In  the  matter  now  before  us. 


94  Pohjbius  interpreted.  [pakt  hi 

context  as  well  as  proximity,  bespeaks  the  mouth  of  the 
Khon« :  in  the  same  sentence  where  Hannihal  is  said  to  be 
nearly  four  days  from  the  sea,  he  is  said  to  be  employed  in 
effecting  a  passage  of  the  Ehone  ;  and  the  historian  speaks 
of  vessels  used  for  descending  that  river  to  the  sea.  The 
reason  for  notifying  the  distance  from  the  sea,  is  to  define  the 
latitude  of  Hannibal's  position  on  the  Ehone.  Very  different 
words  would  have  been  used,  if  he  had  desired  to  give  the 
distance  traversed  from  a  past  point  of  the  march.  Eeading 
forward,  we  find  that,  while  the  elephants  are  passing  over 
the  Ehone,  the  cavalry  is  drawn  out  m  irpcx;  OaXarrav.  Is 
this  too  the  sea  at  Narbo  ? 

It  is  fair  to  say  that  Long  announces  this  notion  with  great 
diffidence.  I  quote  it,  because  it  is  useful  to  show  the  argu- 
ments to  which  the  ingenuity  of  a  theorist  can  be  driven. 
If  ever  he  shall  renounce  Narbo,  a  terminus  which  requires 
110  miles  to  be  accomplished  by  hardly  four  days'  work, 
I  hope  he  will  lean  to  our  construction,  which  performs  65  in 
that  time,  rather  than  to  Dr.  Ukert's,  which  reduces  it  to  35. 
But  alas !  if  my  friend  gives  up  Tarascon,  what  will  become 
of  Grenoble ! 

On  the  distance  from  Emporium  to  the  passage  of  the  Rhone. 

Polybius  states  this  distance  to  be'about  1,600  stadia  =  200 
miles  :  an  amount  which,  upon  fair  examination,  is  found  to 
accord  so  nearly  with  both  the  rival  crossings,  that  it  furnishes 
no  preference  to  either.  From  Emporium  to  Mmes,  a  space 
which  is  common  to  both  these  lines,  it  is  agreed  to  reckon 
177  miles :  the  Oxford  Dissertation  adds  30  for  their  con- 
tinuation to  Eoquemaure ;  making  207  m.  =  1,656  stadia. 
H.  Long  adds  15  for  his  continuation  to  Beaucaire,  making 
192  m.  =  1,552  stadia.  Need  we  discuss  whether  1,552  or 
1,656  best  represents  "about  1,600?" 


CHAP.  IV.]  Tarascon  Theory.     H.  L.  Long.  95 

Long  relies  on  this,  that  his  distance  is  below  the  amount 
named,  not  above  it :  and  he  insists,  p.  20,  that,  when  Poly- 
bius  employs  the  word  nrepi,  adding  it  to  a  round  number, 
he  commonly  exceeds  the  real  distance.  Now  if  a  man  in- 
tends to  exceed  the  real  distance,  he  must  have  means  of 
apprehending  what  the  real  distance  is.  Polybius  in  ex- 
pressing the  distances  of  this  march,  has  used  irepL  twice  ; 
and  he  does  so  because  he  could  not  know  the  real  distances  : 
once,  when  he  includes  the  passage  of  the  Pyrenees ;  once, 
when  he  includes  the  passage  of  the  Alps.  He  could  not 
have  ascertained  or  heard  of  any  measured  distance  in  these 
two  instances.  Where  was  he  to  find  an  estimate  to  aid 
him  ?  There  was  none  ;  and  therefore  he  used  irepL  My 
friend  is  in  the  common  error  of  supposing  that  Polybius 
spoke  with  knowledge  of  Eoman  measurements  between 
Emporium  and  the  Ehone.  When  they  did  establish  a  Way 
through  Prance  into  Spain,  it  did  not  touch  Emporium.  It 
is  true  that  Polybius  applies  ire  pi  for  qualifying  an  ex- 
aggerated total;  when  he  has  enumerated  many  amounts, 
which  added  together  would  be  960,  he  will  probably  say, 
wcne  elvav  irepl  1,000 :  but  where,  as  in  the  instance  before 
us,  irepi  is  merely  prefixed  to  an  amount  not  alleged  as  the 
addition  of  others,  it  need  only  imply  doubt,  and  the  number 
expressed  need  not  be  excessive.  It  is  vain  to  strive  here  for 
a  few  stadia  more  or  less  than  1,600.  We  cannot  plant  a  flag- 
staff on  the  shore  of  the  Ehone  as  the  very  terminus  of  that 
section  of  the  march  :  and,  if  any  man  should  propose  Aries  in 
preference  to  Eoquemaure  or  Tarascon,  we  would  controvert 
it  on  better  grounds  than  the  distance  from  Emporium. 

The  migle  Stream. 

Though  diffident  of  one  discovery.  Long  rests  confidently 
on  another  which  he  has  made,  for  indicating  the  place  of 


96  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  ill. 

passage,  and  whicli  lias  escaped  all  other  critics  :  it  concerns 
the  words  Kara  rrjv  airXrjv  pvaiv,  "  at  the  single  stream."  His 
views  are  expressed  thus  :— "  These  words  have  been  thought 
"  to  mean  a  part  of  the  stream  uninterrupted  by  any  of  those 
"  islands  with  which  the  Khone  abounds  :  an  explanation  in 
"  which  I  cannot  at  all  concur ;  for  the  words  are  most  cer- 
"  tainly  applied  by  Poly  bins  to  the  passage  at  Beaucaire,  in 
"  contradistinction  to  the  passage  at  Aries :  for  at.  Aries  the 
"  bifurcation  of  the  Khone  begins  :  at  Aries  there  are  two 
"  streams,  and  the  passage  would  have  been  KaTo.  rrjv  BcttXtjv 
"  pvaLv.  Polybius,  speaking  of  the  Po,  employs  the  same 
"  expression — Trjv  fiev  yap  irpdoTrjv  iic  rwv  tttjjcjv  e%ei  pvcriv 
"  dTrXrjv,  <T')(^l^€TaL  8'  elq  ^vo  fJiiprj  Kara  tov<;  'Trpoaayopevo- 
'^  fievov<;  Tpoya^6\ov<;,  the  river  flows  from  its  source  in  a 
"  single  stream  at  first,  but  is  divided  into  two  branches  in 
"  the  country  of  the  Trigaboli."— P.  18. 

The  illustration  is  expected  to  help  us  in  assuming,  that  the 
term  aTrXiJ  pvcrcf;  not  only  negatived  the  double  crossing  at 
Aries,  but  that  it  affirmed  another  place  of  crossing :  so  that 
we  may  learn  from  it,  both  where  Hannibal  did  not  cross,  and 
where  he  did  cross.  A  hasty  inference  under  any  state  of 
facts !  Here  it  is  connected  with  the  old  blunder  of  supposing 
that  Polybius  testifies  to  Eoman  roads  in  France.  Long 
stamps  them  as  Eoman  ways,  saying,  p.  17  : — "  The  words  of 
"  Polybius  are  decisive :  he  distinctly  points  out  a  road 
"  between  Emporium  and  the  Ehone,  measured  and  marked 
"  by  the  Eomans.  No  other  Eoman  way  leading  from  Mmes 
"  to  the  Ehone  exists,  even  in  tradition :  it  follows  therefore, 
"  that,  either  at  Beaucaire  or  Aries,  Hannibal  must  have 
"  effected  his  passage ;  and  we  are  at  once  relieved  from  all 
"  doubt  as  to  which  of  the  two  places  we*  are  to  choose,  by 
"  the  words  of  Polybius  himseK,  Kara  rrjv  airXrjv  pvaiv." 
The  best  excuse  for  Long's  error  on  Eoman  ways  is,  that  our 
common  friends  of  the  Oxford  Dissertation  had  themselves 


CHAP.  IV.]  Tarascon  Theory.     H.  L.  Long.  97 

been  similarly  oblivious :  they  tell  us,  p.  39  : — "  Polybiua 
"  observes  that  he  is  correct  in  his  reckoning,  because  the 
"  Romans  have  carefully  measured  and  marked  it  at  every 
"  eight  stadia.  It  is  evident  from  this,  that  he  wishes  us  to 
"  understand  that  the  army  marched  along  that  track  which 
"  was  afterwards  the  great  Roman  road  to  Nimes."  It  has 
been  shown  that  Polybius  never  heard  of  it  himself. 

This  argument,  however,  on  the  single  stream  is  intrinsically 
void  of  effect.     If  Roman  ways  had  been  established  while 
Polybius  lived,  and  at  the  very  points  desired,  he  would  not 
have  sought  to  be  understood  through  so  blind  a  reference. 
If  he  had  trusted  that  his   Greek   countrymen  whom   he 
addressed,  or  anybody  else,  would  identify  "  single  stream  '* 
wdth  one  town,  and  "  double  stream "  with  another,  while  he 
mentioned  neither,  he  would  ill  deserve  the  character  which 
he  enjoys,  of  imparting  ideas  through  intelligible  symbols. 
No  student,  Greek,  Roman,  or  Gaul,  would  have  been  wiser 
by  such  instruction.     Moreover,  the  instruction  would  not 
have  been  true.     It  is  true  that  about  600  years  after  the 
invasion,  Aries  was  celebrated  for  the  duplicity  of  its  river. 
The  double  bridge  is  among  the  praises  sung  by  the  poet 
Ausonius :    and  this  renown  of  Aries  perhaps   excited  the  • 
argument,  and  seduced  a  lover  of  poetry  into  his  contrast  of 
airKrj  and  BiTrkrj.     But  the  contrast  is  imagined  against  fact : 
in  this  river  of  islands,  other  places,  more  or  less  favoured  by 
fame  than  Aries,  can  boast  a  duplicity  of  stream.     Not  only 
the  greater  towns  on  the  Lower  Rhone,  but  Long's  own  emblem 
of  simplicity,  Beaucaire  itself,  enjoys  a  double  crossing,  having 
the  same  advantage  by  means  of  a  small  island,  which  Aries 
has  by  the  apex  of  a  large  one  :  and,  when  he  proclaims  "  at 
Aries  there  are  two  streams,"  he  may  add  with  equal  truth, 
"  at  Avignon  there  are  two  streams,"  and  "  at  Tarascon  there 
are  two  streams  :"  KaTa  ttjv  aTrXrjv  pvaiv,  without  more,  dis- 
proves a  crossing  at  Tarascon. 

VOL.  I.  H 


98  Polyli'iis  interpreted.       ,  [part  hi. 

On  ancient  Registers  of  Distance. 

As  Dr.  Ukert  declines  to  antedate  the  commencement  of 
the  conquest  of  Gaul,  there  is  not  much  comment  in  which  he 
and  H.  Long  run  together.  Indeed  Strabo's  fact,  that  in  the 
time  of  Augustus  there  was  a  way  of  getting  over  the  Ehone 
at  Tarascon,  supplies  the  only  item  in  which  there  is  sympathy 
between  them.  From  this  result  of  Eoman  conquest,  both  are 
encouraged  to  conceive,  that,  two  centuries  earlier,  a  Cartha- 
ginian invader  of  Italy  had  taken  that  crossing :  one  critic 
making  it  incident  to  the  route  of  the  Mont  Cenis,  the  other 
to  the  passage  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard ;  each  with  a  view  to 
his  own  ulterior  constructions.  But  neither  backs  his  case 
with  practical  authority.  They  bring  forward  no  instances  of 
that  crossing  being  used  by  armies  :  it  is  not  suggested  that 
the  colonisers  of  Narbo  crossed  at  Tarascon;  nor  the  troops 
of  Fabius,  or  of  Marius,  or  Pompey,  or  Caesar.  Illustration  is 
wanting. 

The  Itineraries  have  been  searched  in  vain ;  both  that 
which  bears  the  name  of  Antoninus,  and  the  later  one  of 
Jerusalem  :  unhappily,  neither  furnishes  the  wished-for  track. 
The  Via  Aurelia  proceeds  by  the  Maritime  Alps  to  the  Ehone 
at  Aries  :  the  Iter  in  Hispanias  proceeds  by  the  Cottian  Alps 
to  the  Ehone  at  Aries  :  nor  Ugernum  nor  Tarasco  exist  in 
these  registers.  Long  at  last  brings  forth  a  witness  not 
adverted  to  by  the  other  patron  of  this  passage :  he  appeals 
to  the  Theodosian  Table,  a  geographical  portrait  of  unknown 
manufacture,  but  considered  to  represent  a  state  of  things  600 
years  after  Hannibal.  The  artist  certainly  might  have  known 
that  there  was  some  crossing  at  Tarascon :  and,  if  he  had 
exhibited  it,  we  should  take  the  fact  for  what  it  is  worth  :  h^ 
may  have  known  more  than  he  draws :  but  we  are  asked  to 
reason  from  what  he  does  draw. 

In  page  17  of  Long's  march,  of  Hannibal,  he  rejoices  .in 


CHAP.  IV.]  Tarascon  Theory.    H.  L.  Long,  9'9 

two  roads  leading  from  Nismes  to  the  Rhone.  He  says, 
"  they  are  really  Eoman,  as  well  as  being  still  in  use  as 
"  important  thoroughfares.  Of  these,  one  runs  in  a  direction 
"  due  east  from  Msmes  to  Beaucaire,  the  ancient  Ugernum ; 
"  the  other  takes  a  south-easterly  course  to  the  celebrated 
"  city  of  Aries,  formerly  the  more  celebrated  Arelate.  The 
'*  road  to  Aries  seems  to  have  been  the  most  frequented 
"  of  the  two,  and  appears  in  all  the  Itineraries ;  that  to 
"  Beaucaire  is  given  in  the  Theodosian  Table,  and  is  noticed 
"  by  Strabo."  Unhappily,  in  this  Theodosian  Table  we  look 
in  vain  for  "  two  roads  leading  from  Msmes  to  the  Rhone." 
We  know  that  Beaucaire  is  on  the  Rhone :  but  perhaps  the 
Theodosian  artist  did  not :  his  Ugernum  is  not  on  the  Rhone  : 
the  portrait  which  is  appealed  to,  gives  only  one  road,  which 
seems  to  reach  the  Rhone  at  Aries  ;  and  Ugernum  is  exhibited 
as  a  half-way  house  between  that  place  and  Nimes,  Whatever 
be  the  pretensions  of  Beaucaire  and  Tarascon  to  have  given 
passage  to  Hannibal,  my  friend  must  not  rest  them  on  the 
delineations  of  the  Pentingerian  Chart — animum  pictur^ 
pascit  inani. 

•  '  Tabula  Peutingeriana, 

Carte  de  Peutinger,  or,  Tahle  Theodosienne, 

This  old  document,  just  referred  to,  will  be  mentioned  again, 
so  I  take  the  opportunity  of  giving  some  account  of  it. 

These  tables  are  supposed  to  have  been  made  a.d.  393,  at 
Constantinople,  by  order  of  the  Emperor  Theodosius,  and  to 
have  accompanied  him  when  he  crossed  the  Alps  to  oppose 
Eugenius,  and  when  he  came  after  his  successes  to  Milan. 
On  the  decay  of  the  Empire,  they  fell  with  other  spoils  into 
the  hands  of  barbarians,  and  w^ere  carried  into  Germany  : 
they  are  supposed  to  be  alluded  to  by  Jornandes,  Bishop  of 
Ravenna,  who  flourished  about  a.d.  552. 

H  2 


100  Polyhius  interpreted.  [PART  III. 

Their  known  history  is  this, — In  1459  Conrad  Celtes  was 
employed  by  the  Emperor  Maximilian  to  travel  in  search  of 
ancient  manuscripts  and  curiosities  ;  he  found  this  document 
in  a  library  at  Spiers  :  instead  of  carrying  it  to  his  patron,  he 
gave  it  to  his  friend  Conrad  Peutinger  of  Augsburg,  and 
confirmed  the  gift  by  his  will.  Peutinger  always  intended  to 
have  these  tables  engraved  and  published ;  but  he  died  in 
1547,  not  having  carried  his  intention  into  effect.  He  had  a 
small  portion  of  them  copied ;  and  the  copy  was  discovered 
in  1587  by  Marc  Velser,  a  friend  of  the  Peutinger  family,  who 
published  it  at  Venice  in  1591 :  in  about  seven  years  after 
that,  Velser  succeeded  in  finding  the  original  parchments ; 
and  he  had  them  engraved  in  copper-plate  on  a  reduced 
scale,  and  published  at  Antwerp.  Towards  the  end  of  the 
seventeenth  century  and  the  early  part  of  the  eighteenth,  there 
were  fresh  editions  by  different  persons ;  but  all  derived  from 
that  of  Velser,  without  any  fresh  inspection  of  the  original 
document;  the  last  being  that  of  Nicholas  Bergier  in  1736. 

In  the  meantime  the  Tables  themselves  were  beginning  to 
move  from  their  obscurity  ;  about  1714  Wolfgang  Sulzer, 
probing  into  the  dusty  recesses  of  the  Peutinger  library, 
discovered  them,  and  suggested  to  one  Kliz,  a  bookseller  of 
Augsburg,  that  he  might  endeavour  to  purchase  them.  The 
Peutinger  who  then  owned  them,  allowed  Kliz  to  have  them 
at  no  extravagant  price ;  and,  on  the  death  of  Kuz,  his  family 
were  willing  to  sell  this  curious  relic,  which  many  persons  of 
distinction  were  desirous  to  possess.  Prince  Eugene  became 
the  purchaser  in  1720 ;  and  in  1738  it  went,  with  other 
literary  treasures  that  had  belonged  to  that  celebrated  man, 
into  the  imperial  library  of  Charles  the  Sixth,  and  it  is  at 
Vienna  at  this  day.  In  1741  it  underwent  a  scientific 
reparation:  accurate  engravings  were  made  by  Solomon 
Kleiner,  of  the  size  of  the  original  Tables,  and  published  in 
1753  by  Francis  Christopher  de  Scheyb. 


THE  ALPS  OF  HANNIBAL. 


PART  IV. 

POLYBIUS  INTERPEETED.     THE  BEGINNING 

OF  ALPS. 


CHAPTEE  I. 

The  march  of  1,400  stadia  may  he  taken  in  two  'parts :  1.  to  the 
I  sire  J  2.  to  the  heginning  of  Alps.  Hannibal,  crossing  the 
Ishre,  went  forward.  Most  critics  make  him  recross  the  Isere, 
and  then  seek  the  Alps.  Five  incidents  mark  the  progress  to 
the  Alps:  ten  days ;  ^^0  stadia ;  along  the  river ;  country 
for  cavalry ;  country  of  the  Allobroges. 

In  discussing  the  first  litigated  terminus,  the  place  of 
crossing  the  Ehone,  we  have  gained  a  knowledge  of  the 
march,  for  600  stadia  beyond  that  point ;  namely,  to  the 
Is^re :  we  now  have  to  delineate  the  remaining  800,  for  com- 
pleting the  1,400  of  Polybius. 

Here  the  combatant  critics  are  of  two  sorts :  those  who 
continue  the  march  north  of  Is^re,  and  those  who  turn  to 
pursue  it  south  of  Isku  None  leave  that  river  quite  un- 
touched, save  the  accola  of  the  Eygues,  who  finally  parts 
from  the  Ehone  soon  after  he  has  crossed  it.  We  propose 
to  cross  the  Isere  with  the  whole  armament,  and  to  proceed 
on  our  march  to  the  Alps.  Some  carry  the  whole  force  over, 
but  bring  it  back  again :  and  our  most  laborious  opponents, 


102  PolyUus  interpreted.  [part  iv. 

the  Cenisians,  make  a  reluctant  admission,  that  some  opera- 
tions may  have  been  at  first  conducted  on  the  other  side 
of  the  river. 

Little  need  be  said  for  identifying  the  Island.  Some 
indeed  have  invented  islands  for  their  particular  theories. 
Mr.  "VVhitaker's  Island  is  the  town  of  Lyons,  enclosed  by 
its  hills  and  two  rivers.  Others  have  insulated  a  space  with 
the  Ehone,  the  Isere,  the  Drac,  and  the  Drome :  and  M. 
Fortia  d' Urban  found  the  Island  near  his  own  farm  on  the 
Eygues.  Those,  however,  whose  speculations  deserve  serious 
notice,  commonly  accept  the  region  enclosed  by  the  Ehone, 
the  Isere,  and  their  connecting  chain  of  mountains,  as  the 
Island  of  the  Polybian  history. 

Some  who  have  pretended  that  the  army  did  not  cross  the 
Is^re,  have  relied  on  this — that  Polybius  does  not  relate  the 
operation.  That  argument  favours  no  theory.  Every  scheme 
of  march  requires  river-crossings  not  mentioned  in  the  nar- 
rative. The  more  recent  commentators  make  Hannibal 
to  recross  the  Is^re,  bringing  the  auxiliary  force  with 
them :  and  then  send  the  whole  expedition  over  the  Drac, 
which  they  paint  as  most  formidable.  As  they  cannot  pre- 
tend that  Polybius  has  told  them  these  things,  it  is  idle 
to  rest  on  his  silence  about  rivers.  From  the  Ebro  to  the  Po 
the  only  river  whose  passage  is  described  or  asserted  is  the 
Phone. 

Hannibal's  passage  of  the  Isere,  however,  is  not  left  to 
conjecture.  It  is  necessarily  implied  in  the  operations  told  ; 
it  appears  in  the  words  Karaka^wv  iv  avry-  a-vveK^dXoyv, 
If  a  man  has  kicked  another  out  of  a  house,  we  are  apt 
to  believe,  that  for  the  operation  both  were  in  the  house. 
And,  if  it  were  suggested  that  he  only  kicked  him  out  by 
persuasion,  such  a  word  as  o-vv€7ridifM6vo<;  would  give  the  idea 
of  personal  conflict,  requiring  the  presence  of  the  agent  as 
well  as  the  patient.     The  details  prove  movements  beyond 


CHAP.  I.]  Passage  of  Rhone  to  the  Alps.  103 

the  Is^re :  and  the  crossing  of  it  is  a  known  fact,  without 
being  separately  alleged. 

It  is  because  that  river  was  crossed,  and  because  the  region 
beyond  it  became  important  as  the  scene  of  events,  that  this 
region,  the  Island,  is  the  object  of  particular  description  by 
the  historian,  as  to  its  character,  size,  and  boundaries :  while 
not  a  word  is  bestowed  upon  the  country  on  the  left  bank, 
which  so  many  writers  hold  up  as  the  course  of  the  march. 
M.  De  Luc  rightly  commends  the  judgment  of  Polybius  in 
his  designation  of  the  boundaries  of  the  Island,  and  the 
assimilation  of  it  to  the  Delta,  a  place  which  his  public 
employments  had  brought  him  acquainted  with.  He  says  : — 
"  Je  ne  crois  pas  que  Ton  puisse  trouver  nuUe  autre  part  en 
"  Europe,  un  pays  dans  une  situation  semblable  k  celle  de 
''  cette  contree  qu'on  appeloit  I'lsle.  H  y  a  bien  des  rivieres 
"  qui  se  rencontrent ;  mais  ou  sera  la  chaine  des  montagnes 
"  qui,  en  s'etendant  d'  une  rivifere  h  I'autre  comme  une 
"  haute  muraille,  enfermera  un  pays  de  manibre  a  I'isoler 
"  completement."  Dr.  Ukert,  indeed,  refers  to  the  same  ex- 
pressions oprj  Bvo-TTpoaoBa,  Kal  Buae/i/SoXa,  Kal  crp^eSov,  (W9 
eLTrelv,  airpoa-iTa,  for  a  proof  that  Polybius  did  not  conceive 
Hannibal  to  have  marched  through  the  mountains  which 
bound  the  Island:  and  Dr.  Thirlwall  has  inadvertently 
called  that  remark  sagacious.  Sagacity,  if  any  there  were, 
would  belong  to  M.  Larauza,  who  had  ventured  upon  it 
before.  I  see  far  better  sense  in  the  Oxford  Dissertation, 
where  the  description  is  spoken  of  as  agreeing  admirably 
with  the  lofty  barrier  that  extends  from  Grenoble  to  the 
Ehone,  and  where  the  term  cr^eSov,  m  elirelv,  aTrpoo-ira, 
is  said  to  point  evidently  to  a  passage  through  it.  That 
which  is  really  airpoairov  would  not  be  called  ^^(ehov,  w? 
elirelv,  aTrpoaLTov.  Niebuhr,  recording  the  irruption  of  the 
Gauls,  calls  the  Alps,  "  the  seemingly  impassable  mountain 
barrier  of  Italy."  * 

*  Tmnslation  by  Hare  and  Thirlwall.     3d  edit.  ii.  p.  511. 


304  FolyUus  interpreted.  [PART  IV. 

Seeing  that  Hannibal  crossed  the  Iske  and  entered  the 
island,  we  pursue  our  subject  by  inquiring  how  he  got  out  of 
it.  We  read  that  he  aided  a  prince  of  that  country  in  re- 
pressing a  revolt  of  his  subjects,  and  that  he  received  from 
him  substantial  proofs  of  gratitude.  The  progress  to  the  first 
Alps  is  told  as  follows  (c.  49,  50) :— "  But  the  chief  thing  was 
*'  this :  as  they  were  in  a  state  of  much  apprehension  about 
**  their  progress  through  the  country  of  the  Gauls  called  AUo- 
"  broges,  he  covered  their  rear  with  his  own  forces,  and  so 
"  gave  security  to  their  march  until  they  got  near  to  the 
"  passage  of  the  Alps.  Hannibal,  having  in  ten  days  per- 
"  formed  a  march  of  800  stadia  along  the  river,  began  the 
"  ascent  to  the  Alps  ;  and  it  came  to  pass  that  he  fell  into  the 
"  greatest  dangers.  As  long  as  they  were  in  the  plain  country, 
"  all  the  detached  chieftains  of  the  AUobroges  held  off  from 
"  them,  partly  in  fear  of  the  cavalry,  partly  of  the  barbarians 
"  who  escorted  them.  But,  when  the  latter  had  turned  back 
"  homewards,  and  Hannibal's  troops  were  beginning  to  ad- 
"  vance  into  the  difficult  places,  then  the  leaders  of  the 
"  AUobroges,  collecting  themselves  together  in  sufficient  force, 
"  pre-occupied  the  advantageous  posts,  by  which  it  was  neces- 
"  sary  that  Hannibal's  forces  should  make  their  ascent." 

These  few  words  exhibit  five  things  as  necessary  incidents 
to  this  very  interesting  part  of  the  controverted  track — 1.  The 
progress  was  performed  in  ten  days.  2.  It  was  a  progress  of 
800  stadia.  3.  It  was  along  the  river.  4.  It  was,  so  far  as 
the  ally  accompanied  the  army,  over  a  country  where  cavalry 
could  act.  5.  It  was  through  the  country  of  the  AUobroges. 
By  these  five  tests  I  propose  to  try  all  the  routes  which  have 
been  offered  to  us  from  near  the  confluence  of  the  rivers  to  the 
beginning  of  Alps.  Any  which  does  not  fairly  embrace  these 
incidents  cannot  pretend  to  be  that  which  Polybius  has 
described. 

There  are  three  routes  l»y  which  the  march  has  been  sup- 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.     Mont  du  Ghat.  105 

posed  to  proceed  onward  from  the  Is^re  ;  that  is  to  say,  to 
quit  the  island  without  recrossing  that  river.  One  of  these  is 
our  own  way  by  the  Mont  du  Chat.  Another  is  that  which, 
following  the  Ehone  to  Geneva,  and  along  and  beyond  the 
lake,  finds  the  first  Alps  at  Martigny.*  Another  is  that 
which  keeps  the  right  bank  of  Isere,  through  Grenoble  to  La 
Buissiere,  under  the  heights  of  Fort  Barraux.  The  routes 
which  are  traced  to  the  Alps  by  proceeding  southwards  from 
the  Is^re  are  numerous. 


CHAPTEK  II. 

The  Mont  du  Chat  fulfils  all  the  requisites  of  Polyhius. 

In  our  march  to  that  which  we  deem  the  ava^oXrj  of  the 
history,  we  satisfy  the  text  in  all  respects.  The  line  of  pro- 
gress which  we  maintain  attends  the  Ehone  to  Vienne.  There, 
leaving  the  river,  it  finds  it  again  at  St.  Genix,  and,  having 
attended  its  course  for  a  time,  encounters  the  first  Alps  in 
the  Mont  du  Chat,  at  the  northern  part  of  the  mountain 
barrier  w^hich  ranges  from  the  Isere  to  the  Ehone,  commonly 
called  the  chain  of  the  Grand  Chartreuse.  There,  we  say, 
begin  the  Alps  of  the  history. 

While  I  support  my  own  views,  it  will  be  convenient  some- 
times to  contrast  them  with  the  doctrines  by  which  the  pre- 
tensions of  other  tracks  are  exposed.  But  I  shall  give,  in 
addition,  some  separate  notice  of  each  adverse  track;  two  of 
which  proceed  north  of  Is^re,  and  the  rest  south  of  Is^re,  till 
they  severally  reach  the  Alps. 

*  A  further  progress  up  the  Ehone  has  been  suggested  :  but  I  do' 
not  propose  any  separate  discussion  of  it. 


1-06  Pdylms  mterpreUd,,  [part  IV. 

'     1.  The  Ten  Days. 

The  time  and  space  belonging  to  the  progress  now  spoken 
of,  are  to  be  reckoned  from  the  expiration  of  the  time  and 
space  which  belonged  to  the  previous  progress,  from  the  pas- 
sage of  the  Ehone  to  the  Island.  That  progress  was  accom- 
l)lished  by  four  days'  marching:  and  our  ten  days  will  run 
from  the  end  of  those  four  days,  as  our  800  stadia  will  be  in 
continuation  of  the  600  which  must  have  been  covered  in 
those  four  days.  There  is  little  dissent  on  this  point.  Our 
weightier  opponents  date  their  further  time  and  space  from 
near  the  confluence  of  the  rivers. 

No  part  of  these  ten  days  can  have  been  employed  in  free 
and  easy  progress.  The  march  was  in  some  degree  em- 
barrassed by  an  enemy  hovering  in  front,  instead  of  being 
urged  by  the  apprehension  of  one  in  pursuit.  But  had  all 
been  in  so  practicable  a  country  as  the  plain  of  Dauphine,  a 
continuous  march  of  100  miles  would  not  occupy  ten  days. 
But  it  had  been  retarded  by  the  operations  in  the  Island  :  not 
only  by  interference  with  the  hostilities,  but  by  the  collecting 
and  distributing  of  the  supplies  ;  for  which  purpose  we  must 
suppose  a  halt  at  Yienne,  the  probable  head-quarters  of  the 
ally.  There  was  also  the  crossing  of  the  Is^re  by  the  Cartha- 
ginian armament :  and,  although  this  must  have  been  facili- 
tated by  friends  instead  of  being  obstructed  by  enemies,  we 
may  take  it  into  the  account  of  time.  Accordingly,  though  a 
given  progress  was  made  in  the  ten  days,  it  is  unlikely  that 
each  could  be  a  day  of  progression.  "We  shall  find  hereafter, 
that  of  the  fifteen  days  in  which  the  Alps  were  traversed, 
some  were  not  days  of  progress.  In  this  march  to  the  begin- 
ning of  Alps,  there  is  one  who  must  be  displeased  with  the 
slowness  of  our  advance,  Mr.  H.  L.  Long,  who,  in  his  own 
allotment  of  ten  days,  reckons  six  of  them  as  halting  days. 


CHAP.  II,]  First  Alps.     Mont  du  Chat.  IDT 

2.  The  800  stadia. 

The  ten  days  were  in  continuation  of  the  four  days  to  the 
Island.  In  those  four  days  an  advance  was  made  of  600 
stadia  to  the  Isere  :  and  to  reach  the  ava^oXt)  'AXttcwv  is  now 
the  object  of  the  remaining  800,  being  the  terminus  of  the 
1,400  announced  by  the  history. 

General  Melville,  like  Mr.  Hampton,  had  made  the  track  to 
quit  the  Ehone  at  St.  Eambert,  a  place  below  Vienne,  and  to 
cross  the  country  to  les  Echelles,  not  touching  the  Rhone 
again.*  M.  De  Luc  made  the  important  correction  here,  in 
showing  that  the  line  of  march,  though  it  w^ould  avoid  the 
great  elbows  made  by  the  Ehone  to  Lyons  and  St.  Sorlin, 
would  come  upon  the  river  again  at  St.  Genix  d'Aoste,  and 
proceed  near  it  towards  the  foot  of  the  Mont  du  Chat.  This 
beginning  of  Alps  is  near  to  Chevelu,  a  village  which  is  in 
front  of  the  Chat,  and  which  corresponds  in  site  with  the 
Lavisco  of  the  Itinerary,  a  place  appearing  as  being  half  way 
from  Augustum,  St.  Genix  d'Aoste,  to  Lemincum,  Chamb^ry ; 
14  miles  from  each. 

The  length  of  this  scope  of  march  from  the  Isere  to 
the  foot  of  the  Chat,  is  such  as  fairly  to  satisfy  the  800 
stadia  =  100  miles  of  Poly  bins.  The  Itinerary  of  An- 
toninus, Wesseling,  pp.  346,  358,  gives  the  distances  from 
Yalentia  to  Ursolis,  Vienna,  Bergusia,  Augustum,  Labiscone, 
98  miles ;  but  this  includes  the  5  miles  from  Valencia  to 
the  Isere,  which,  being  deducted,  we  have  93  miles.  M.  De 
Luc,  however,  measuring  from  Port  de  L'  Isere  to  Yeune 
exhibited  the  actual  distance,  showing  it  to  amount  to  73,550 
toises  =  97J  Eoman  miles.  But  Yenne  should  be  avoided 
in  moving  to  Chevelu :  to  get  to  Yenne,  you  put  yourself 
without  any  necessity  within  a  range  of  hills,  only  to  come 
out  again,  and  go  forward  to  Chevelu ;   a  point  on  which 

*  De  Luc.     2d  edit.  p.  84. 


108  FolyUm  interpreted.  [part  iv. 

De  Luc  was  coiTected  by  the  Oxford  Dissertation.  As  to 
distance,  Yenne  appears  to  be  but  twelve  miles  beyond 
Augustum,  which  is  two  less  than  to  Chevelu  :  and  I  have 
seen  myself,  in  an  excursion  from  Aix,  that  the  aval3o\ij 
may  fairly  be  taken  as  nearer  to  the  Col,  than  where  the 
village  of  Chevelu  stands.  It  is  quite  just  to  say,  that 
the  ascent  to  Col  du  Chat  well  fulfils  the  800  stadia  of 
Polybius. 

This  route,  from  its  superior  facility,  became  afterwards 
a  regularly  constructed  road  of  the  Roman  empire,  the  only 
one  through  this  chain  of  mountains.  Its  perfection  as  a 
posting  road  at  this  day,  of  course  proves  nothing  for  our 
subject :  indeed,  there  has  been  of  late  another  equally  good, 
by  Les  Echelles  through  the  tunnel  to  Chambery.  Between 
the  Chat  and  that  route  there  are  two  mountain  passes  used 
by  the  natives :  but  they  are  mere  mule  tracks ;  and  neither 
of  them  has  the  Col  so  depressed  as  that  of  the  Chat: 
one  goes  over  that  part  of  the  range  which  is  called  the 
Mont  de  I'fipine :  the  other  more  south  by  the  village  of 
Aiguebellette. 

D'Anville  has  conjectured  that  No  valise  is  the  Labisco  of 
the  Itinerary :  a  place  by  which  one,  who  has  come  from  the 
west  across  the  Guiers,  may  proceed  over  the  Mont  de 
rl^pine  to  Chambery.  This  is  not  said  by  him  in  relation  to 
Hannibal's  track :  nor  is  he  contesting  the  pretensions  of 
any  other  place  to  represent  Lavisco  :  he  had  probably  never 
heard  that  any  part  of  the  range  of  the  Grande  Chartreuse 
affected  to  have  given  passage  to  Hannibal.  He  is  dealing 
with  the  word  Labisco  in  his  "  Notice  de  I'ancienne  Gaule  :  " 
and  the  ground  of  his  conjecture  is,  that  he  perceives  a  simi- 
larity between  that  word  and  the  word  Laisse :  so  he  points 
out  the  village  of  Noval^se,  which  is  a  few  miles  from  St. 
Genix  d'Aoste  in  the  direction  of  the  Mont  de  I'Epine ;  and 
says  that  a  small  stream,  called,  La  petite  Laisse,  runs  from 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.     Mont  du  Chat,  109 

thence  into  the  Guiers.  I  see  in  EaymoncVs  map  the  river 
Laisse,  on  the  other  side  of  the  mountains,  running  from 
Chamb^ry  into  the  lac  de  Bourget.  But,  supposing  that 
there  is  a  petite  Laisse,  such  as  D'Anville  speaks  of,  the 
resemblance  of  words  will  not  identify  it  with  Lavisco,  in  the 
Eoman  road  ;  especially  when,  for  supporting  his  notion,  he 
has  to  alter  the  figures  of  the  Itinerary.  He  admits  that 
a  road  from  Aoste  to  Chambery  by  Novalese  and  the  Mont 
de  I'Epine  would  not  exceed  17  or  18  Eoman  miles,  en  droite 
ligne  :  the  Itinerary  gives  28 :  so  he  reduces  it  by  altering 
the  XIIII  of  the  first  half  into  Villi.  He  does  not  notice 
the  possibility  of  any  other  track  through  those  mountains, 
but  says  "  il  faut  franchir  le  Mont  de  I'Epine,"  and  does  his 
best  to  manage  the  word  Lavisco.  His  thoughts  never  strayed 
to  that  region  in  the  view  of  understanding  Polybius.  We 
are  now  so  employed,  and  in  coi  sidering  the  most  probable 
track  through  the  Grande  Chartreuse  chain,  are  brought  to 
the  opinion,  that  the  Polybian  incident,  distance,  accords  best 
with  Chevelu  and  the  Mont  du  Chat. 


3.  Along  the  River — irapa  rov  iroTafiov. 

All  who  have  written  on  this  portion  of  the  march,  except- 
ing De  Luc  and  the  authors  of  the  Oxford  Dissertation,  have 
declined  to  acknowledge,  in  the  words  of  Polybius,  c.  50, 
irapa  rov  Trora/jbov,  the  meaning  which  I  assert  as  plainly 
belonging  to  them — '  along  the  Ehone.' 

We  contend  that,  by  grammatical  reference  and  the  ordi- 
nary use  of  language,  the  river  Ehone,  and  no  other,  must  be 
intended :  and  that  for  the  ten  days,  as  for  the  prior  four  days, 
the  same  words  must  have  the  same  meaning.  This  also  is 
necessary,  for  accordance  with  the  primary  description  of  the 
march  in  c.  39,  where  the  section  of  '  1,400  stadia  from  the 
passage  of  the  Ehone  to  the  Alps'  is  said  to  be  irap  aviov 


(lit)  : ..    Fulybius  i7iierpreied.  [PART  iv. 

Tpv  iroTafiov.  Nevertheless  the  advocates  of  rival  theories 
rely  on  the  word  irapa,  as  excluding  our  march  to  the  Mont 
du  Chat  from  all  claim  to  favour ;  they  say  that  our  course  is 
not  along  the  river  Ehone,  because  it  bears  away  from  it  at 
.Vienne,  and  rejoins  it  at  St.  Genix;  and  that  therefore  some 
?other  river  must  have  been  intended. 

:'  1  admit  that,  if  the  historian  was  studying  to  pourtray  a 
march  keeping  always  'at  the  river-side'  or  *  along  the  very 
'  banks/  as  our  adversaries  express  it,  he  cannot  have  conceived 
the  line  of  march  which  we  attribute  to  him.  But,  if  he  meant 
a  march  proceeding  up  the  valley  of  a  river  to  a  mountain 
.pass  which  rises  in  the  vicinity  of  the  river,  then  the  march 
which  we  give  from  the  passage  of  it  to  the  Alps,  is  along 
the  river  :  and  those  who  will  note  the  distinction  between  a 
towing  path  on  the  shore  of  a  river  and  the  valley  of  the  river, 
and  win  bring  plain  grammar  and  common  sense  to  aid  the 
comprehension  of  a  simple  expression,  will  find  that  the  re- 
quisite conveyed  in  wapa  tov  TroTajnov  is  rightly  fulfilled  by 
this  route  only,  and  is  the  conclusive  test  which  should  remove 
every  scruple  of  criticism  on  the  first  Alps  of  Polybius. 

The  importance  which  belongs  to  these  words  can  hardly 
be  overrated.  No  incident  in  the  narrative  so  much  deserves 
to  be  received  as  a  key  to  the  Alps  of  Hannibal,  as  the  fact  of 
his  seeking  them  along  the  Ehone.  This  fact  has  been  denied 
or  held  dubious,  by  all  who  either  know  not  the  narrative  of 
Polybius,  or  depreciate  it,  or  evade  it,  from  Chevalier  Folard 
to  Mr.  Ellis.  It  is,  however,  to  my  mind,  as  clear  a  fact  as 
ever  was  told  by  words.  I  proceed  then  to  encounter  the 
-formidable  array  of  critics,  who  have  declined  to  recognise  in 
those  words  the  sense  which  I  impute  to  them. 

At  the  head  of  the  list  I  must  put  the  Chevalier  Folard,  as 
-  he  has  the  honour  to  be  cited,  and  to  have  been  almost  followed 
by  Professor  Schweighaeuser.  The  Chevalier  is  the  author  of 
volupiinous  notes  appended  to  a  translation  of  Polybius  by 


1 


GftAP.  11.]  First  Alps.     Mont  da  Chat.  Ill 

Dom  Vincent  Thuillier,  published  at  Paris  in  1728,  in  six 
quarto  volumes.  The  work  would,  perhaps,  have  been  as  useful 
if  it  had  not  been  '  enrichi  de  notes.'  The  translation  by  Dom 
ThuiUier  of  the  words  which  express  that  section  of  the  march 
with  which  we  are  now  engaged,  is  unobjectionable.  "  Depuis 
"  le  passage  du  Ehone  en  allant  vers  ses  sources  jusqu'^  ce 
"  commencement  des  Alpes  d'ou  Ton  va  en  Italic,  on  compte 
"  quatorze  cent  stades."  But  his  commentator  rejects  the  800 
of  Polybius,  an  important  part  of  the  1,400,  as  "  une  faute  des 
copistes,"  which  Polybius  would  laugh  at.  Polard,  I  believe, 
is  the  founder  of  this  error,  in  which  he  has  some  distin- 
guished disciples ;  a  march  up  the  Isere  from  that  river's 
mouth.  His  course  is,  that  Hannibal  left  Grenoble  on  his  left 
hand,  and  proceeded  by  Vizille  and  Bourg  d'Oysans  up  the 
Eomanche,  crossing  the  Mont  de  Lens  and  the  Lautaret,  and 
so  by  Brian^on  to  the  Genevre.  This  he  caUs  "  la  route  la 
plus  ordinaire  et  la  plus  prafciquee  des  Gaulois  en  Italic. "— 
Tom.  iv.  89. 

Those  opinions  of  Chevalier  Folard  were  published  in  1728  ; 
and  I  am  not  aware  of  any  further  criticism  that  may  be 
adverted  to  concerning  the  irorafiov  of  Polybius  until  the  dis- 
cussion of  them  by  Schweighseuser  in  1792.*  During  that 
period  D'Anville  was  flourishing,  but  was  silent  on  such 
a  subject.  That  eminent  man  published  his  "carte  pour 
I'expedition  d'Annibal"  in  1739.  If  he  had  then  heeded 
Polybius,  or  afterwards  when  he  published  his  "  Notice  de 
TAncienne  Gaule"  in  1860,  he  might  have  questioned  or  as- 
sented to  the  construction  of  Folard,  and  roused  the  attention 
of  others  to  the  river.  But  he  did  not  heed  Polybius,  nor 
canvass  his  story  of  Hannibal's  march :  he  attached  himself 
to  Livy ;  and  never  invited  the  learned  to  Polybius,  as  the  his- 
torian of  Hannibal.  I  am  aware  of  his  citing  Polybius  once  : 
that  was  to  help  Livy ;  and  he  got  himself  into  a  scrape  by  doing 

*    In  the  German  edition  9  volumes.     5th  vol.  AdnotationeS. 


112  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  IV. 

so.  But  D'Anville  deserves  his  great  name,  notwithstanding 
some  obliquities. 

The  criticism  of  Schweighseuser  on  Folard  is  somewhat 
elaborate ;  but  at  last  he  rightly  hesitates  to  abide  by  what 
he  laid  down  at  first.  In  1792,  commenting  on  the  words  rJK€ 
irpo^  TTjv  Ka\ovfiev7]v  vrjaov,  he  wrote  thus  : — "  Ad  insulam 
"  dicit,  non  in  insidam.  Nee  enim  dicit  Polybius,  trajecisse 
"  iluvium  Hannibalem  cum  toto  agmine,  sed  juxta  fluvium 
"  progressum  ait  cap.  50.  l,quod  cumFolardo  de  Isara  intelligi 
"  potest,  ita  quidem,  ut  Isaram  k  Iseva  habuerit.  Substitit 
"  quidem  per  aliquod  tempus  cum  exercitu  ad  illam  insulam, 
"  alteri  ex  fratribus,  qui  in  ilia  de  regno  dissidebant,  sup- 
"  petias  ferens ;  sed  id  facere  potuit  parte  copiarum  fluvium 
''  trajecta,  reliquo  exercitu  interim  in  stativis  agente.  Quod 
"  si  etiam  totum  exercitum  Isaram  trajecit  Hannibal  (quod 
"  credi  potest  eo  consilio  fecisse,  ut  fluvium  hunc  k  tergo 
"  haberet,  si  sequerentur  Eomani),  non  multum  tamen  deinde 
"  versus  Septentrionem  in  Insula  progressum  videtur  agmen, 
"  sed  prope  Isaram  substitisse,  ac  deinde  adverse  hujus  fluvii 
"  ripa  iter  continuasse." — Adnotationes  ad  Polyb.  iii.  49. 

In  a  subsequent  note  on  iropevOeU  irapa  rbv  irorafiov, 
commenting  on  the  Latin  version  of  Casaubon,  which  is 
"  propter  Ehodanum,"  Schweighseuser  says  : — "  At  non  propter 
"  Rhodanum,  sed  propter  Jluvium  Polybius  dicit:  neque  Eho- 
*'  danum,  sed  Isaram  fluvium  nunc  dici  a  Polybio  putem. 
"  Nee  enim  immanem  ilium  anfractum,  quem  facit  Ehodanus 
"  ad  Lugdunum,  emensum  esse  agmen,  probabile  est ;  et,  si 
"  hac  via  iter  fecisset,  multo  longius  sane,  quam  centum 
"  millium  passuum,  iter  fuissct  ab  Isara,  Ehodani  ripam  se- 
"  quendo,  usque  ad  eu"ra  adscensum  Alpium,  k  quo  deinde 
"  quinto  decimo  die  in  Italiam  pervenire  agmen  potuit. 
"  Omninoque  hoc  dicere  Polybius  videtur,  adversa  Isarat?  rip^ 
"  versus  fontem  ejus  fluvii,  decem  diebus  per  C.  millium  pass. 
"  spatium  progressum  esse  agmen  ;  eamque  viam  postquam 


ji 


I 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.    Mont  du  Ghat.  113 

*'  per  convalles  emensum  est,  deinde  ipsa  montium  juga  con- 
"  scendere  coepisse.  Sed  jam  video,  eodem  loco,  quern  modo 
"  citavi,  (cap.  39,  9)  ipsum  Polybium  diserte  dicere  videri,  non 
"  discessisse  h,  Ehodano  Hannibalem,  donee  ad  conscensum 
"  Alpium  pervenit.  Quod  si  ita  est,  intelligo,  corruere  ea, 
'*  quae  de  itinere,  adversa  Isarse  ripa  instituto,  dicta  sunt. 
"  At  dubitare  fortasse  licebit,  an  adeo  stricte  in  banc  senten- 
"  tiam  accipienda  sint  praedicto  loco  Polybii  verba." 

These  are  the  words  of  a  candid  man,  not  the  partisan  of  a 
theory ;  and  his  Latin  version  is  "  propter  Ehodanum." 

Mr.  Whitaker  does  not  adopt  the  Is^re ;  he  ascends  the 
Ehone,  but  forgets  the  limit  of  800  stadia  :  he  says,  p.  96, — 
"  Hannibal  kept  close  to  the  Ehone,  and  thus  advanced  up  to 
"  Lyon.  He  still  kept  close  to  the  Elione,  and  thus  advanced 
"  up  to  the  Alps."  Mr.  Whitaker  finds  Alps  for  him  at  last ; 
not  at  Lyon,  nor  Geneva,  but  at  Martigny. 

M.  Letronne  is  strict  upon  irapd,  which  he  applies  to  the 
Ehone  for  the  four  days,  but  afterwards  to  the  Is^re  and  the 
Drac,  saying, — "Annibal,  dit  Polybe,  marcha  dix  jours,  le 
"  long  du  fleuve,  I'espace  de  huit  cent  stades,  et  atteignit  la 
"  mont^e  des  Alpes.  Les  mots,  le  long  du  fleuve,  ne  s'accord- 
"  ent  pas  avec  la  route  qu'a  choisi  M.  De  Luc;  car,  dans  son 
"  idee,  Annibal  a  quitte  le  Ehone  k  Vienne,  et  a  traversd  la 
"  plaine  du  Dauphind,  &c.  tandis  que  Polybe  dit  formellement 
"  qu' Annibal  a  suivi  la  fleuve — il  le  suivit  jusqu'au  dixieme 
"  jour ;  cette  mesure  ^quivaut  ^100  milles  romains  ;  prise  le 
"  long  de  ris^re  et  du  Drac,  elle  porte  k  Saint-Bonnet." 
{Journal  des  Savans,  Janv.  1819,  p.  31.)  M.  Letronne  uses 
bits  of  three  rivers  to  make  "  le  fleuve,"  rather  than  omit  an 
angle  made  by  one. 

General  St.  Cyr  Nugues  pursues  boldly  the  same  principle 
(pp.  49,  50)  : — '*  Les  mots  Trapa  t6v  Trorafjuov  ddsignant  le 
"  Ehone,  ne  permettent  pas  la  moindre  aberration.  Sur  les 
"  54  milles  de  chemin  que  I'arm^e  d' Annibal,  au  sortir  de 

VOL.  I.  I 


114 


Polyhius  inter]preted. 


[part  IV. 


•'  Vienne,  doit  parcourir  le  long  du  Ehone  pour  arriver  a  la 
"  montee  des  Alpes,  M.  De  Luc  commence  par  lui  faire 
"  faire  42  milles  loin  du  Ehone." 

M.  Band^  de  Lavalette  sings  the  same  song,  pp.  54,  55  : — 
"  II  r^sulterait  de  la  qu'au  lieu  de  faire  les  800  stades  en 
"  entier  le  long  du  fleuve,  Annibal  en  aurait  parcouru  400 
"LOmDUFLEUVEr 

H.  L.  Long  says,  "  There  is  no  possibility,  with  any  rational 
"  result,  to  produce  a  march  of  100  m.  p.  along  the  river,  after 
"  Hannibal's  arrival  at  the  Iske  (p.  45)." 

M.  Larauza  considers  that  the  words  irapa  tov  Trorafiov 
condemn  our  system  below  Vienne  as  well  as  beyond  it.  He 
was  ready,  no  doubt,  to  limit  50,000  men  and  thirty-seven 
elephants  to  a  towing-path.  He  says,  p.  39 : — "  Quand  on 
"  connait  cette  partie  du  fleuve,  qui  se  trouve  entre  I'ls^re 
"  et  Lyon,  on  ne  peut  douter  que  de  ce  cote  il  lui  eut  et^  im- 
"  possible  de  continuer  k  marcher  le  long  du  fleuve  Trapa  tov 
"  TTorafiov  :  dans  toute  cette  partie  de  son  lit,  surtout  depuis 
"  les  environs  de  Gisors,  j usque  vers  St.  Vallier,  il  se  trouve 
"  encaiss6  entre  des  rochers  escarpes  qui,  sur  plusieurs  points 
"  de  sa  rive  gauche,  soit  baignes  par  les  eaux,  et  ne  laissent 
"  nul  passage  aux  pi^tous."  The  extent  of  error  is  exhibited 
thus,  p.  41 : — "  De  Vienne  k  St.  Genix  d'Aouste  M.  De  Luc 
"  compte  32,300  toises,  c'est  k  dire  16  lieues  de  poste  environ 
"  sur  37,  pendante  lesquelles  M.  De  Luc  nous  tient  eloignes 
"  du  Ehone,  k  une  distance  de  6,  5,  et  4  lieues  a  vol  d'oiseau. 
"  Or,  peut-on  dire  s^rieusement  que  ce  soit  la  marcher  le  long 
"  du  fleuve." 

Dr.  Ukert  chimes  in  with  a  liberal  translation  of  the  leagues 
of  M.  Larauza,  saying,  "  Those  who  lead  Hannibal  through 
"  the  Island,  are  obliged  to  make  him  march  some  hundred 
"  stadia  away  from  the  river :  which  is  contrary  to  Polyhius." 
Dr.  Arnold  did  not  doubt  the  fact  of  the  march  up  the 
Ehone  to  the  Mont  du  Chat,  but  he  does  not  acknowledge 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.    Mont  cUo  Ghat.  115 

that  he  learned  it  from  Polybius.  He  rather  justifies  the 
dissent  of  other  critics,  saying,  "  It  does  not  appear  whether 
"  the  Carthaginians  ascended  the  left  bank  of  the  Is^re  or  the 
"  right  bank ;  or  whether  they  continued  to  ascend  the  Ehone, 
"  &c/'  Without  helping  to  explain  either  irapd  or  iroraixov,  he 
arraigns  the  historian  as  the  cause  of  confusion,  saying, 
"  These  uncertainties  cannot  now  be  removed,  because  Poly- 
"■  bins  neither  possessed  sufficient  knowledge  of  the  bearings 
''  of  the  country,  nor  sufficient  liveliness  as  a  painter,  to 
"  describe  the  line  of  march  so  as  to  be  clearly  recognised." 
(iiL  83.) 

Mr.  Ellis  reverses  that  method :  he  does  not  learn  from 
Polybius  without  confessing  his  guidance :  on  the  contrary, 
he  confesses  that  he  understands  the  author  well;  but  he 
renounces  him  in  favour  of  the  fancy  which  he  has  resolved 
to  cultivate ;  his  motto  is,  "  video  meliora  proboque :  de- 
"  teriora  sequor."  He  favours  us  with  notions  which  would 
have  come  with  useful  weight  from  Dr.  Arnold :  he  states, 
p.  22,  in  reference  to  c.  39  :  "  From  this  account  it  is  certainly 
"  most  natural  to  conclude,  that  it  was  the  same  river  which 
"  was  followed  up  all  the  way  to  the  beginning  of  the 
"  Alpine  ascent ;  and  not,  in  the  first  part  of  the  march  the 
"  Ehone,  and  in  the  second  the  Iske."  Again,  p.  27,  "  The 
"  most  obvious  interpretation  of  the  words  irapa  tov  Trorafiov 
"  in  chap.  32  would  lead  us  to  think,  that  Hannibal  followed 
"  up  the  Ehone  from  the  place  where  he  crossed  that  river, 
"  up  to  the  first  ascent  of  the  Alps."  These  words  are  the 
bright  spot  in  Mr.  Ellis's  work.  It  is  effaced,  and  the  good 
sense  of  it  abandoned,  without  any  reasonable  apology. 

M.  Eeplat  (Chamb^ry,  1851)  writes,  in  subservience  to 
prior  authorities,  "II  est  remarquable,  que  depuis  le  chap. 
"  49,  ou  il  a  nomm^  le  Scaras,  soit  I'lsaras,  Polybe  cesse 
"  de  designer  nominativement  le  Ehone,  dont  il  avait  jusque- 
"  Ik  fait  mention  plusieurs  fois." 

i2 


116  Polybius  interpreted.  [part  iv. 

Dr.  Liddell  in  his  history  does  not  deal  with  irapd  or 
TTOTttfiov  :  he  believes  in  the  L.  St.  Bernard ;  but  as  he  makes 
the  grateful  chief  take  leave  of  Hannibal  on  the  Is^re,  and 
near  Grenoble,  I  cannot  claim  him  for  an  ally  on  behalf  of 
the  Ehone. 

There  is  still  another  author,  and  an  able  one,  Mr.  George 
Long,  who  rather  sides  with  our  opponents.  In  his  article 
"Insula  AUobrogum,"  in  Dr.  Smith's  Dictionary  of  Geo- 
graphy, he  says  this  : — "  Hannibal,  after  staying  a  short  time 
"  in  the  country  about  the  junction  of  the  Ehone  and  the 
"  Isere,  commenced  his  march  over  the  Alps.  It  is  not 
"  material  to  decide  whether  his  whole  army  crossed  over 
"  into  the  Insula  or  not,  or  whether  he  did  himself,  though 
"  the  words  of  Polybius  imply  that  he  did.  It  is  certain 
"  that  he  marched  up  the  valley  of  the  Is^re  towards  the 
"  Alps ;  and  the  way  to  find  out  where  he  crossed  the  Alps 
"  is  by  following  the  valley  of  the  Isere."  Whether  the  writer 
of  this  inclines  to  the  right  bank  or  the  left  bank,  he  does  not 
say,  nor  does  he  quite  say,  that  the  invaders  went  no  farther 
up  the  Ehone. 

Such  is  the  accumulation  of  wisdom,  which  refuses  to  con- 
fess that  Polybius  in  the  words  Trapa  rov  irorafjuov  spoke  of 
the  Ehone.  Now  I  doubt  exceedingly  that  any  man  ever  rose 
from  a  perusal  of  the  history  itself,  having  received  from  it 
the  impression  that  the  author  meant  the  Isere ;  or  that  he 
intended  a  succession  of  rivers,  together  representing  Trorafjuov. 
Fact  is,  however,  that  critics  innumerable  have  on  this 
point  come,  to  be  infested  with  the  fancy  of  substituting  the 
Isere  for  the  Ehone  of  Polybius  :  and  the  error,  if  such  it 
be,  ought  to  receive  correction. 

It  is  quite  true,  that  our  line  of  march  up  the  Ehone  does 
at  a  particular  point  strike  away  from  the  river,  and,  avoiding 
Lyons,  is  for  a  time  quite  away  from  the  stream.  Accord- 
ingly, you  may  think,  if  you  will,  that  Polybius  makes  too 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.     Mmit  du  Ghat.  117 

liberal  use  of  the  word  irapd,  and  may  employ  it  as  an 
argument  against  us.  But  the  thing  to  be  debated  is  this : 
What  river  flowed  between  the  passage  of  the  Rhone,  w^hich 
is  one  terminus  of  the  progress  here  spoken  of  by  Polybius, 
and  the  beginning  of  Alps,  which  is  the  other  terminus  ? 
If  it  is  clear  from  the  author  himself  that  this  river  was  the 
Rhone,  the  first  Alps  can  be  no  other  than  the  Mont  du 
Chat. 

From  the  time  of  Hannibal's  reaching  the  Rhone,  that 
river  is  the  main  geographical  feature  in  the  narrative,  till 
the  expedition  reaches  the  Alps :  the  valley  of  the  Rhone  is 
the  scene  of  the  events  that  are  told.  M.  De  Luc  observed 
that,  before  the  sentence  in  question,  the  Rhone  has  been  de- 
signated fourteen  times  as  "the  river."  This  is  strictly 
true.  He  is  mentioned  by  name  only  in  the  following  in- 
stances :  when  the  historian  describes  the  course  of  the 
Rhone  :  when  he  speaks  of  invasions  of  Italy  made  by 
the  dwellers  on  the  Rhone  ;  and  when  the  Rhone  is  named 
as  a  boundary  of  the  Island  :  these  are  all  the  instances  of 
'Po8avo9.  When  he  is  mentioned  in  the  military  movements, 
he  is  spoken  of  as  "the  river."  Hanno  marches  irapa  t6v 
TTOTa/jLov,  Scipio  marches  irapa  tov  iroTajMov.  Hannibal, 
after  crossing,  marches  irapa  tov  iroraixov :  and  in  the  sen- 
tence before  us,  having  been  refitted  by  the  prince  of  the 
Island,  he  continues  his  march  to  the  Alps  irapa  tov 
iroTafjbov.  They  who  allow  iroTa/Mov  to  be  the  Rhone  in 
every  other  instance,  ought  to  show  good  reason  when  they 
say  that  it  is  not  the  Rhone  in  this  instance. 

In  the  host  of  writers  to  whom  I  have  referred,  many  do 
no  more  than  grumble  on  the  word  irapd.  Neither  Dr. 
Arnold,  nor  Dr.  Liddell,  nor  Mr.  G.  Long  help  the  question 
with  any  reasons  for  doubt  on  Trap  a  or  on  iroTafiov.  M. 
Letronne  alone  ventures  to  argue  the  question,  and  deals 
with  the  words  of  the  historian,  giving  reasons  that  iroTa^ov 


118  Polybius  interpreted.  [part  I  v. 

should  mean  the  Is^re.  He  admits  the  other  instances  when 
De  Luc  has  shown  it  to  mean  the  Khone  ;  and  says  on  them, 
—"Dans  ces  passages,  les  mots  irapa  rov  iroTafiov  suivent 
"  immediatement  le  nom  du  Khone,  en  sorte  qu'il  n'y  a  point 
*'  de  doute  a  cet  egard ;  au  lieu  qu'ici  le  nom  du  fieuve  qui 
"  precede  immediatement  est  celui  d'Isaras ;  le  nom  du 
"  Khone  n*est  point  r^p^te  dans  I'intervalle ;  il  est  done 
"  naturel  d'appliquer  k  I'lsere  les  mots  irapa  rbv  iroraiiov." 
— Journ.  des  Savans^  Janv.  1819. 

In  all  the  criticism  that  has  been  heaped  upon  the  subject 
of  the  march,  there  is  nothing  more  futile  than  this  grammati- 
cal dogma.  Dr.  Ukert  cannot  subscribe  to  it:  he  is  quite 
ready  to  get  rid  of  the  Khone  :  but,  as  will  be  seen,  he  invents 
facts,  instead  of  perverting  language.  Others,  in  their  emer- 
gency, have  been  tempted  to  accede  to  the  logic  of  M.  Letronne. 
Larauza  tells  us,  "  C'est  de  I'ls^re  qu'il  a  parM  en  dernier 
"  lieu,  et  depuis  cet  endroit  ttj  fjuev  yap  6  'Po8avo9,  rfj  S'  6 
"  'Icra/9a9,*  il  ne  nom  plus  le  Rhone  une  seule  fois."  So  De 
Lavalette : — "  L'intention  de  Polybe  a  du  etre  en  effet  de 
"  designer  I'ls^re,  puisqu'  il  venoit  d'en  ^crire  le  nom." 

If  there  were  truth  in  the  supposed  rule  of  construction, 
which  there  is  not,  this  application  of  "  en  dernier  lieu " 
would  be  ludicrous.  When  Polybius  describes  the  shape  of 
the  Island,  c.  49,  'PoSavo?  and  'ladpa<:  are  bracketed  together, 
as  the  nominative  to  a7roKopv<f>ovai,  Then  we  have  the  narra- 
tive of  Hannibal's  interference  with  the  contending  parties, 
and  the  refitting  of  his  army.  We  then  read  that,  having  in 
ten  days  marched  800  stadia  irapa  rov  Trora/jLov,  he  began  the 
ascent.  Here  it  is  that  M.  Letronne  interprets  Trora/nov  the 
Is^re,  because  it  was  "  the  river  last  named."  C'est  de  I'lsere 
qu'il  a  parle  en  dernier  lieu ! 


*  iii.  49,  6.     This  is  the  only  place  where  Polybius  names  the 
Is^re. 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.     Mmit  du  Ghat.  119 

To  know  what  river  is  intended,  we  have  to  regard  that 
which  is  the  subject  of  the  story  that  we  are  reading,*  not  that 
whose  name  has  last  occurred  in  the  text.  The  historian,  in 
describing  country,  might  pause  to  enumerate  all  tributary 
streams  which  flow  into  the  Rhone  below  Geneva :  when  his 
narrative  is  resumed,  "  the  river  "  will  not  intend  the  last  of 
that  catalogue. 

This  is  but  common  sense ;  and  we  need  not  go  far  for  a 
confirmation  of  it.     Let  us  try  M.  Letronne  by  his  own  test 
of  "  the  river  last-named."     Polybius  says,  c.  49,  that  in  three 
days  after  Hannibal  had  marched  forward,  Scipio  came  in 
search  of  him  to  the  passage   of  the   river — eVl  t^v  tov 
TTOTafiov  Btdffaaiv;   and  probably,  when  M.  Letronne  read 
the  history,  he  believed  this  iroraiiov  to  be  the  Rhone :  but, 
if  he  had  looked  back  for  the  river  last  named,  and  applied 
his  own  rule,  he  would  have  found  that  Scipio  was  looking 
for  Hannibal  on  the  Po.     Indeed  that  principle  would  transfer 
much  of  these  operations  to  the  other  side  of  the  Alps :  for 
again,  if  you  will  read  Hannibal's  address  to  his  army  after 
crossing  the  river,  and  interpret  the  word  irorafiov  by  "  le  nom 
"  qui  prdcMe  imm^diatement,"  you  will  perceive  that  he  con- 
gratulated them  on  their  successful  passage  of  the  Po.    As  for 
the  Is^re  in  the  instance  before  us,  M.  Letronne  does  not  even 
fulfil  the  philosophy  of  his  own  precept :  for  when,  to  under- 
stand TTorafiov,  he  retreats  through  the  text  in  search  of  a 
river,  the  first  he  stumbles  upon  is  in  truth  neither  Rhodanus 
nor  Isaras :  he  first  encounters  Ta<;  twv  Trorafiwv  pvaet^i,  the 
streams  which  confine  the  Egyptian  delta.     Thus  it  would 
better  accord  with  the  spirit  of  his  doctrine,  to  maintain  that 
Hannibal  marched  to  the  Alps  up  the  Nile. 

There   is   another    test,   to    which    the   discovery   of    M. 
Letronne  must  be  subjected ;   the  illustration  of  an  author 
by  himself.     This  also  he  encountered  boldly.     Polybius  in 
*  See  note  in  Appendix. 


120  •   Polybius  interpreted.  [part  ly. 

c.  39,  dividing  the  whole  march  into  five  sections,  mentioned 
this  section,  "  from  the  passage  oj  the  Ehone  to  the  beginning 
or  ascent  of  Alps,"  as  being  1,400  stadia  irap'  avrov  rov 
TTorafiov:  and  one  woiild  say,  that  the  term  irapa  rov 
TTorafjiov,  as  used  in  the  narrative  of  this  same  progress,  must 
import  the  same  river  which  was  described  in  that  section. 
See  how  the  expression  is  used. 

Statement  of  this  section  of  the  march  in  c.  39. 

'Atto  ^e  T^9  hLapd(T€(id<;  rov  ^Vohavov  7ropevofiivoi<i  Trap* 
avTov  Tov  worajiov  W9  cttI  ra?  irrjyaf;  eco^  7rpo<;  ttjv  ava^okrjv 
rSiv  "AXirewv,  rrjv  et?  *lTa\tav,  %/\tot  TerpaKoatoi :  and  from 
the  passage  of  the  Ehone,  for  those  who  proceed  along  this  very- 
river,  as  if  to  the  source,  as  far  as  the  ascent  to  the  Alps, 
which  leads  to  Italy,  1,400  stadia. 

The  same  progress  m  the  narrative. 

c.  47.  1.  YlepaccodivTcov  8e  twv  Orjpccov,  AvvtySa?  Trporjye 
irapa  tov  iroTafiov,  The  elephants  having  been 
brought  over,  Hannibal  led  forward  along  the  river. 

c.  49,  5.  'AvvL^a<;  Be  irovTja-dfJLevo^  e^rj<;  iirl  T€TTapa<;  '^/jbipa^; 
TTjv  iropeCav  diro  t^9  hta^daeco^i  rjK€  irpo^  ttjv  KaXovjJuevrjv 
Nrjcrov.  Hannibal,  having  marched  from  the  passage  of 
the  river  for  four  consecutive  days,  came  to  the  Island,  as 
it  is  called. 

c.   50.   1.     'Avvi^a<i   B'iv  '^fiipaif;  heKa   TropevOeU   irapd  tov  ^, 

TTOTa/jLOV   6*9    OKTaKoalov^   (TTahlovii    rjp^aTo    Trj<i   tt/oo? 
Td<!  'AX7r6i9  dva^oXrjf;.     Hannibal,  having  in  ten  days 
marched  along  the  river  eight  hundred  stadia,  began  the 
ascent  to  the  Alps. 
Now,   supposing   a  man  to   have   doubted   whether    the 

narrative  represents  the  four  days'  march  to  the  Island,  and 

the  ten  days'  further  march  to  the  avapoXrj,  to  have  been 


e;5AP.  II.]  First  Alps.     Mont  du  Chat.  121 

along  one  and  the  same  river,  one  might  expect  his  doubts  to 
be  removed  on  reference  to  c.  39,  which  states  the  entire 
march  of  1,400  stadia  as  being  irap  avrov  tov  irorafjuov,  ■ 
M.  Letronne  is  not  so  influenced.  He  assents  to  the  division 
of  the  1,400  stadia  into  600  and  800  :  but  does  not  allow  that 
the  river  of  the  800  is  the  river  of  the  600 ;  nor  that  the  ;  «» 
words  of  0.  39  give  the  whole  1,400  to  those  who  do  the 
journey  along  the  river  from  the  passage  of  it  to  the  beginning 
of  Alps.  He  admits  1,400  stadia  to  be  the  distance  between 
those  termini ;  but  not  that  the  words  Tropevofiivoi^  Trap* 
avTov  TOV  TTora/jLov  cw?  iirl  ra?  iTTjydfs  are  applicable  to  that 
scope  of  march :  he  limits  their  effect  to  this — that  the 
progress  was  begun  up  the  stream :  and  contends  that 
TTopevofiat  means  only  "  to  set  out." 

These  are  his  words — "  Si  M.  De  Luc  avoit  fait  attention 
"  lui-meme  a  la  phrase  de  Polybe  k  laquelle  il  renvoie,  il  y 
"  auroit  vu  que  les  1,400  stades  n'y.  sont  pas  compt^s  le  long 
"  du  fleuve,  et  que  son  opinion  a  est  ^gard  tient  k  ce  qu'il  ne 
"  saisit  pas  le  sens  de  I'original,  qui  du  reste  a  etd  fort  mal 
*'  entendu.  Par  les  mots  Trap'  avrov  tov  TroTa/jubv  009  eVt  Ta<i 
"  Trr)yd<;,  Annibal  ne  fait  qu'indiquer  en  g^n^ral  le  direction 
"  de  le  route  a  partir  du  passage  du  Ehone  :  il  veut  dire 
"  simplement  qu'au  lieu  de  se  diriger  droit  a  Test,  vers  les 
"  Alpes,  on  commence  par  remonter  le  fleuve ;  sans  pretendre 
"  appliquer  a  la  longueur  de  la  route  le  long  du  fleuve,  la 
"  mesure  de  1,400  stades  jusqu'a  la  montee  des  Alpes." 
(Journ.  des  Savans,  Dec.  1819.) 

It  seems  to  me  that,  if  this  idea  of  "  movement  along  the 
river,  as  if  seeking  the  source,"  is  connected  only  with  the  ter- 
minus k  quo,  and  disconnected  from  the  terminus  ad  quem, 
you  take  from  those  words  all  their  value.  Their  value  is, 
that  they  help  us  through  ew?  tt/oo?  to  find  the  Alps.  There 
is  a  peculiarity  of  expression  in  telling  this  section  of  the 
march,  not  used  for  the  other  four  sections  of  it.     The  others 


122  •  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  IV. 

are  told  in  c.  39,  by  naming  the  termini  and  the  distance 
between  them.  But  in  this  instance,  the  march  is  further 
explained,  as  performed  by  those  who  travel  a  certain  distance 
of  a  river  to  a  certain  point.  What  distance  ?  Not  a  fraction 
of  1,400  stadia,  but  the  whole,  from  one  terminus  to  the  other. 
If  iropevofjbivoii;  is  applied  only  to  the  Btdl3aa-i<i  of  the  Ehone, 
as  the  terminus  "  k  quo,"  the  sentence  will  not  connect  the  other 
terminus,  and  the  latter  part  of  the  march  to  it,  with  any 
river :  and  yet  the  words  employed  bespeak  such  connexion : 
you  are  to  march  w?  iirl  ra^  irrj^d^,  and  you  are  to  do  this 
60)9  irpo^  TTjv  dva^okrjv.  The  idea  "  along  the  river  as  if 
tending  to  the  source,"  attaches  itself  to  the  whole  scope  of 
1,400  stadia :  and  those  who  deny  the  Ehone  are  driven  to 
maintain,  that  Bca^dae(o<i  intends  the  passage  of  one  river,  and 
irijydf}  the  source  of  another.  If  Polybius  had  only  wished  to 
express  that  the  inchoate  movement  from  the  place  of  crossing 
was  up  the  stream,  he  would  have  abstained  from  all  those 
expressions,  and  been  content  with  dvTLoU  tS  pevfiart. 

In  each  section  of  the  march,  the  whole  length  of  the 
section  is  to  be  regarded,  the  terminus  "  ad  quem  "  being  the 
terminus  "  a  quo  "  in  the  next  section.  The  peculiar  terms  of 
this  fourth  section  give  the  most  useful  instruction.  They  show 
where  Hannibal  was  to  reach  the  Alps,  and  quit  the  Ehone. 
They  are  in  conformity  with  the  statement  on  the  three  boun- 
daries of  the  island — Ehone  was  one  side,  Alps  were  another  : 
and  the  effect  of  those  words  is,  that  you  are  not  to  desert 
the  former  till  you  are  brought  to  the  latter.  I  say,  then,  that 
there  is  a  plain  and  sufficient  meaning  in  the  author,  more  than 
M.  Letronne,  or  Dr.  Ukert,  or  Dr.  Arnold  give  him  credit  for. 
A  man  in  the  nineteenth  century  can  say,  "  Go  to  the  Mont 
du  Chat."  Polybius  had  no  equivocal  term :  but  he  would  say, 
and  to  my  apprehension  he  does  say,  "  Go  up  the  valley  of 
"  the  Ehone  as  if  seeking  his  source ;  do  this  for  1,400  stadia, 
"  and  you  will  find  the  ascent  or  beginning  of  Alps."    We 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.    Mont  du  Ghat.  123 

march  from  the  BidjSaai^  by  this  instruction;  we  abstain 
from  wanderings  in  the  plain  that  would  be  frivolous  for  those 
who  are  striving  towards  the  source ;  we  lind  the  Alps  at  the 
given  distance ;  we  find  them  in  the  Mont  du  Chat. 

These  comments  I  have  thought  due  to  the  efforts  of  an 
adversary  such  as  M.  Letronne.  When  Schweighseuser  saw 
that  the  great  river  crossed  by  the  Carthaginian  army  lasted 
to  the  Alps,  he  withdrew  his  opposition  to  the  Ehone.  Not 
so  Mr.  Ellis ;  he  still  maintains  the  Isere,  persevering  in  a 
bad  cause,  and  after  a  bad  fashion.  In  my  criticism  of  his 
"  Treatise,"  I  quoted  his  confessions  as  they  appear  above. 
Either  by  accident  or  design,  Mr.  Ellis  had  omitted  avrov  both 
from  his  quotation  of  and  his  comment  on  c.  39.  I  exhibited 
him  in  his  own  words.  When  he  comes  to  defend  himself  in 
the  Journal  of  Philology,  ii.  315,  he  most  disingenuously 
charges  me  with  the  omission,  saying,  "  Mr.  Law  carefully 
"  ignores  the  word  avrov."  It  was  himself  who  had  omitted 
the  word  in  that  place,  and  I  quoted  him  accurately. 

He  is  still  shy  of  the  word.  In  this  second  effort  he  makes 
no  comment  upon  it,  but  leaves  us  to  speculate  on  the  drift  of 
an  empty  insinuation.  This  is  not  difficult :  though  avrov  is  not 
to  be  found  in  his  "  Treatise  "  (for  his  translation  of  Polybius 
does  not  begin  till  Scipio  has  re-embarked  for  Italy),  we  know 
how  Mr.  Ellis  construes  avrov.  In  his  own  exposition  of 
the  history,  he  says  ("  Treatise,"  p.  22),  "  Hannibal  went  along 
the  very  river  bank."  Now,  if  the  word  hanJc  is  thrown  away, 
not  being  in  Polybius,  the  remaining  words  which  are  in 
Polybius,  give  the  actual  meaning — "along  the  very  river;" 
which  is  literal  and  true.  I  say  myself,  that  the  river  of  the 
narrative,  c.  50,  is  necessarily  the  Ehone,  without  aid  from 
c.  39  ;  but  the  words  of  chapter  39  leave  no  excuse  for  a 
pretence  to  doubt.  What  river  can  be  meant,  but  "  the  very 
river "  which  is  named  in  the  same  clause  of  the  same  sen- 
tence ?     See  the  immediate  context  of  the  words  iropevo^hoi^ 


124 


Polyhius  interpreted. 


[part  IV. 


Trap  avTov  tov  TTorafiov  eo?  cttI  Ta^;  7777709.  The  words  which 
immediately  precede  those  words  are  dirb  t?}?  BLa^da-€Q)<;  rod 
'PoBavov :  and  the  words  which  immediately  follow  them  are 
e(W9  TTpo?  rr)v  dva^oXrjv  r&v  "AkTreoyv.  This  amount  of  pro- 
gress is  one  of  the  five  sections  into  which  the  whole  march 
of  invasion  is  divided  by  Polybius.  You  do  not  walk  up  one 
river  to  find  the  source  of  another. 

Some  critics  have  not  known  that  this  particular  length  of 
march  is  so  expressly  alleged  to  have  been  up  one  and  the 
same  river.  Mr.  Ellis  did  know  it ;  he  does  not,  like  Letronne, 
proceed  under  a  delusion  upon  the  force  of  iropevoixevoi^  :  he 
rightly  apprehends  "  the  obvious  interpretation/'  and  tells  us 
so.  Though  he  only  begins  his  translation  of  the  history  in 
the  forty-ninth  chapter,  he  read  the  thirty-ninth,  and  tells  us 
so.  Why  then  persist  in  pretending  that  it  was  one  river  at 
the  initial  terminus,  and  another  at  the  final  terminus  of  this 
section  of  the  march  ?  or,  if  believing  it,  why  shrink  from 
asserting  it  in  plain  English,  and  insinuate  that  his  adversary 
avoids  a  topic,  which  he  himself  dares  not  grapple  with  ? 

All  honest  and  rational  interpretation  is  set  at  nought, 
when  it  is  urged  that  the  author  contemplated  that  progress 
of  1,400  stadia  as  made,  not  along  one  river,  but  along  many 
in  succession.  If  pne,  it  is  the  Ehone  :  if  more,  there  is  much 
to  choose  from.  A  long  list  of  critics,  ending  with  Eeplat 
and  Ellis,  make  up  their  irorajMov  1,400  stadia,  with  a  length 
of  Ehone  and  a  length  of  Isere :  Letronne  and  de  Lavalette 
add  to  this  a  length  of  Drac.  The  Cambridge  anonymous 
of  1830  does  not  reach  his  dvafioXri,  till  he  has  performed 
fractions  of  Ehone,  Isere,  Drac,  Luie,  Durance,  and  Ubaye. 
Against  these  and  other  pluralists,  I  stand  for  one :  the 
1,400  stadia  were  along  one  and  the  same  river,  and  that 
river  was  the  Ehone. 

If  Ylorafjuov  is  the  Ehone,  the  protest  founded  on  the  word 
Trapd  becomes  an  idle  scruple,  which  has  unworthily  haunted 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.     Mont  du  (Viat.  125 

the  minds  of  learned  men.  They  have  reproached  ns  with 
the  distance  a  vol  d'oiseau  between  Bourgoin  and  the  Rhone. 
An  object  may  be  alongside  to  the  right  or  left,  without  being 
near  to  you.  Hannibal  was  twice  as  far  from  the  coast  when 
he  reached  the  Rhone,  as  ever  he  was  from  the  river  in  his 
march  to  the  Alps :  yet  he  reached  the  Rhone,  "  having  the 
"  Sardinian  sea  on  his  right  hand."  Polybius  tells  of  irruptions 
into  Italy  with  large  armies  before  the  time  of  Hannibal, 
made  by  Celts  whom  he  describes  as  dwelling  along  the 
Rhone,  oIkovvt€<;  irapa  rov  'Vohavov  iroTaixov :  that  they 
crossed  the  Alps,  and  joined  force  against  the  Romans  with 
the  Gauls  of  the  Po.  I  should  like  to  hear  from  our  op- 
ponents, what  were  the  limits  of  this  military  constituency : 
how  near  to  the  river's  bed  or  banks  were  the  huts  of  those 
who  were  admitted  to  the  ranks  of  the  invaders.  Let  critics 
take  further  example  when  they  come  to  the  great  Italian 
river,  and  speak  of  "plaines  qu'arrose  ce  fleuve" — "plaines 
"  que  le  Po  arrose  de  ses  ondes."  Let  them  remember  that  the 
chain  of  Alps  divides  ra  irehla  irapa  rbv  iraSov  from  the 
valley  of  the  Rhone  (Polyb.  iii.  47,  4) ;  and  that  those  TreBia 
comprehend  a  space  bounded  by  the  Alps,  the  Appennine, 
and  the  Adriatic,     (iii.  14,  18). 

An  apology  for  the  historian  is  made  by  the  Oxford 
Dissertation,  which  I  think  is  not  needed  for  him.  It  is 
said,  "  We  must  remember  that  Polybius  was  ignorant  of  the 
"  angle  made  by  the  Rhone  at  Lyons."  Why  assume  this  ? 
It  is  possible  certainly,  that  he  never  explored  above  the 
latitudes  of  the  Carthaginian  march,  and  did  not  appreciate 
the  amount  of  zigzag.  But  let  him  have  known  the  river's 
course  as  by  the  best  modern  survey ;  he  would  write  as  he 
has  written  :  he  would  estimate  a  measurement  of  the  march ; 
not  a  measurement  of  the  river.  Even  if  he  had  been  re- 
porting the  length  of  the  river,  he  need  not  have  traced 
it  in  its  wanderings.     Strabo,  the  oracle   of  our   strongest 


126  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  iv. 

adversaries,  imputes  this  shorter  method  to  Polybius,  and 
commends  it :  reporting  the  length,  which  Polybius  had 
ascribed  to  the  Tagus  from  the  source  to  the  mouth,  he  adds, 
ov  hrjirov  TO  crvv  To2<i  <TKo\ia)fia(Tiv  (ou  yap  ye(oypa<f>iKov 
TovTo)  aW'  €7r'  evBeia^  Xiycov. — ii.  107.  Again,  reporting 
Polybius's  estimate  of  the  circumference  of  the  Peloponnesus, 
he  says,  viii.  335,  that  he  reckoned  it  fir)  fcaraKoXTrl^ovrt,  for 
one  not  coasting  the  gulphs  or  inlets. 

These  words  amply  vindicate  the  Polybian  distance  from 
the  Is^re  to  the  Alps,  as  avoiding  the  aKoXcoifia  to  Lyons. 
Our  adversaries  measure  the  zigzag  line  of  the  river,  and  say 
that  800  stadia  is  too  short :  we  measure  the  line  of  march, 
and  are  satisfied.  Hannibal's  guides  had  the  sense  to  save 
time  and  distance  by  not  adhering  to  the  banks  of  that 
devious  stream :  he  kept  away  from  it  till  it  offered  itself 
again :  and  the  history  rightly  shows  his  course  wapa  toy 
irorafjuov,  prescribing  it  /jlt)  KaTaKoXiri^jovri, 

4.  Through  a  country  where  Cavalry  could  act. 

The  correspondence  of  Northern  Dauphine  with  the  country 
here  described  by  Polybius  cannot  be  disputed :  it  is  an  open 
country  of  undulating  plain ;  and  this  character  is  essentially 
interwoven  with  the  historical  explanation  of  events.  To  a 
certain  point  the  hostile  bodies,  which  were  apprehended  by 
the  Carthaginians  as  threatening  their  advance,  were  deterred 
from  attack  by  two  things ;  the  native  auxiliary  force,  and 
the  Carthaginian  cavalry,  that  arm  of  war  in  which  Hannibal 
was  always  superior  to  his  enemies.  When  is  this  terror  said 
to  operate  ? '  so  long  as  they  were  in  the  plain  country — ew? 
iv  ToU  eTrnrkhoL'^  Tjo-av,  When  did  this  terror  cease?  when 
the  ally  turned  homewards,  and  the  army  moved  into  the 
difficult  ground  for  the  assault  of  the  Alps :  cavalry,  the 
object  of  fear  in  an  open  country,  loses  all  advantage  in  a 
mountain  pass. 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Al2^s.     Mont  dii  Chat  127 

In  Polybius's  account  of  this  part  of  the  route,  every  term 
has  its  value  and  effect :  and  in  this  requisite  of  a  country  fit 
for  the  operations  of  cavalry  in  protecting  the  advance  of  the 
army,  there  is  great  value  and  effect ;  it  is  fulfilled  by  the 
march  which  I  am  now  delineating :  whether  it  belongs  to 
any  of  the  routes  south  of  Isk'e,  we  may  hereafter  inquire. 
Though  I  consider  our  adversaries  to  fail  in  providing  this 
requisite,  they  acknowledge  its  importance :  and  we  find  the 
mos't  distinguished  man  among  them,  Letronne,  on  reaching 
a  point  deep  in  the  mountains,  which,  in  distance,  suits  the 
track  that  he  adopts,  rashly  to  exclaim,  "  j usque-la  Tarm^e 
"  s'^toit  trouv^e  en  plaine  !"  M.  Larauza  imputes  to  our  route 
the  want  of  the  required  plain,  because  of  the  rocks  which 
occur  on  the  shore  of  the  Khone  in  a  part  below  Vienne, 
"  depuis  les  environs  de  Gisors  jusque  vers  St.  Vallier."  But, 
if  the  country  just  there  is  not  quite  plain,  of  which  I  know 
nothing,  our  cavalry  has  less  occasion  for  it  short  of  Vienne. 
That  place  was  probably  the  head-quarters  of  the  ally,  when 
he  refitted  the  Carthaginian  force  after  the  success  which 
Hannibal  procured  for  him :  from  that  place  to  the  Alps  the 
apprehension  of  Allobrogian  assault  operated,  and  the  services 
of  the  cavalry  became  most  important.  In  all  theories  of  a 
progress  south  of  Is^re,  the  favouring  incident  of  plain  should 
be  expected,  from  the  point  at  which  any  critic  may  require 
Hannibal  to  recross  that  river  attended  by  his  ally. 

5.  Through  the  country  of  the  Allohroges. 

It  is  important  to  inquire  into  the  position  of  this  people  ; 
and  the  importance  of  it  is  shown  by  the  efforts  which  our 
antagonists  make  to  get  rid  of  them,  by  the  confusion,  the 
perversion,  and  the  invention  of  history.  All  are  ready  to 
give  the  Allobroges  wrong  boundaries,  or  no  boundaries  : 
anxious  only  to  erase  them  as  an  item  in  the  argument.  It 
seems  to  me  that,  as  they  are  the  only  people  named,  from  the 


128  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  iv. 

Pyrenees  to  the  plain  of  the  Po,  they  claim  particular  notice 
when  we  seek  to  identify  the  line  of  march.  Now  the  pas- 
sages of  the  history,  where  this  people  is  expressly  named, 
are  these  : — 

The  friendly  prince  lent  the  aid  of  his  force  till  Hannibal 
drew  near  to  the  Mps,  because  of  the  apprehensions  which 
the  Carthaginians  entertained  of  the  march  through  the  Gauls 
called  AUobroges. 

While  the  march  was  in  the  plain  country,  the  several 
leaders  of  the  AUobroges  abstained  from  attacking  them. 

When  the  Carthaginians  were  getting  into  the  difficult 
places,  the  leaders  of  the  AUobroges  pre-occupied  the  pass. 

In  forcing  the  pass,  Hannibal  destroyed,  or  put  to  flight, 
the  greater  part  of  the  AUobroges  ;  and  afterwards  occupied 
the  town  whence  they  had  come  forth  in  the  morning  to  the 
attack. 

It  is  thus  an  essential  part  of  the  history,  that  the  progress 
from  the  confluence  of  the  rivers  to  the  first  Alps  was  made 
through  the  people  called  AUobroges,  and  that  the  pass  was 
forced,  and  the  town  beyond  it  occupied,  against  the  resistance 
of  many  separate  leaders  of  that  nation.  At  whatever  point 
began  the  Alps  of  Polybius,  there  was  the  struggle  with  the 
AUobroges  :  and  those  who  say  with  Dr.  Arnold,  that  "  it 
"  does  not  appear  whether  the  Carthaginians  ascended  the 
"  left  or  the  right  bank  of  the  Is^re,  or  continued  to  ascend 
"  the  Ehone,  and  that  these  uncertainties  cannot  be  removed," 
must  embrace  in  this  uncertainty  whether  the  AUobroges  of 
Polybius  were  on  one  side  of  the  Is^re  or  the  other.  Dr. 
Arnold  does  not  mention  them  at  all :  but  Mr.  G.  Long,  who 
has  two  articles  in  Dr.  Smith's  Dictionary,  AUobroges  and 
Insula  AUobrogum,  speaks  of  them  as  north  of  Isere,  and 
gives  no  hint  of  their  being  to  the  south  of  it. 

Where  then  in  the  time  of  Hannibal,  or  in  the  time  of  his 
historian,  dwelt  the  AUobroges?    Was  the  district,  which  is 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.     Mont  du  Chat.  129 

so  clearly  and  minutely  described  as  the  Island,  the  Island  of 
the  AUobroges?  And  was  the  southern  boundary  of  the 
Island,  the  Isere,  also  a  boundary  of  their  possessions  ?  One 
of  our  strongest  opponents,  M.  Letronne,  conceded  the  former 
point,  when  he  said,  "  Cette  ile  est  done  I'insula  Allobrogum." 
— Journ.  des  Savans,  Janv.  1819,  p.  27.  The  concession  is 
complained  of  by  M.  Larauza,  who  says  of  M.  De  Luc's  argu- 
ment, that  it  is  "forte,  et  tres  forte,  mais  surtout  centre 
"  M.  Letronne,  qui,  pla9ant  dans  Tile  les  AUobroges,  fait  k 
"  ses  adversaires,  et  bien  gratuitement,  une  concession  tout 
"  h>  son  d^savantage."  M.  Letronne  himself  regretted  the 
concession :  for,  in  a  subsequent  number  of  that  work,  he 
retracted  it,  saying  he  was  without  information  on  the 
subject. 

But  we  can  afford  to  lose  M.  Letronne  as  a  believer  in  the 
Allobrogian  Island.  We  have  the  ancient  authorities  that 
this  people  spread  beyond  the  Island  to  the  north  and  east. 
Geneva  belonged  to  them  :  and  their  north-eastern  boundary 
may  perhaps  be  drawn  from  that  town  by  the  lake  of  Annecy 
to  Conflans,  where  they  bordered  on  the  Centrones.  The 
Is^re  was  a  boundary  of  their  island  to  the  south :  Polybius 
plainly  places  them  on  the  right  bank.  What  we  know 
of  the  left  bank  opposite  to  them,  places  there  in  succession 
the  Segalauni,  the  Yocontii,  and  the  Iconii,  otherwise  called 
Uceni. 

The  most  diligent  mystifier  of  the  AUobroges,  M.  Larauza, 
says  ("  Hist.  Critique,"  p.  35) :  "  Nous  convenons  que  du  tems 
"  de  Cic^ron,  de  C(^sar,  et  meme  avant,  les  AUobroges  occu- 
"  paient  tout  ce  pays  qui  se  trouve  entre  le  Saone  et  I'ls^re  : 
"  c'est  encore  Ik  que,  plus  tard,  les  pla9ent  Strabon  et 
"  Ptolemee,  en  leur  donnant  Yienne  pour  capitale.  Mais 
"  ^taient-ils  la  k  I'^poque  dont  il  est  ici  question  ?  Les  seuls 
"  auteurs  qui  puissent  fournir  quelques  lumi^res  sur  ce  sujet 
"  sont  Polybe  et  Tite-Live."     It  is  true  that  these  lights  are 

VOL.  I.  K 


130  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  iv. 

enough  for  those  who  will  construe  them.  But  there  are 
other  sufficient  authorities  to  the  same  purpose. 

Caesar,  relating  his  march  from  the  interior  to  the  ulterior 
Province,  says,  i.  10,  that  he  arrived  "  in  fines  Vocontiorum, 
"  inde  in  Allobrogum  fines  :  ab  Allobrogibus  in  Segusianos  :  hi 
"  sunt  extra  Provinciam  trans  Ehodanum  primi."  Now,  to  enter 
the  Allobroges  from  the  Yocontii,  he  must  have  crossed  the 
Is^re  :  and  to  get  on  to  Lyons,  the  chief  city  of  the  Segusiani, 
he  must  have  marched  through  Allobroges  and  crossed  the 
Rhone. 

In  the  year  which  followed  the  murder  of  Csesar,  Plancus, 
proconsul  in  the  ulterior  province,  who  had  been  coming  to 
the  relief  of  Modena,  wrote  to  Cicero — "  ipse  in  AUobrogibus 
constiti,"  X.  11.  In  his  next  letter,  when  starting  to  oppose 
Anthony,  who  was  flying  into  Gaul  by  the  maritime  Alps, 
he  says — "  itaque  in  Isar^,  flumine  maximo,  quod  in  finibus 
est  Allobrogum,  ponteuno  die  facto,  exercitum  traduxi,"x.  15. 
In  another  letter,  he  reports  that  he  is  advancing,  having 
secured  the  bridge  on  the  Is^re,  for  D.  Brutus's  force  to  follow 
on  arriving  from  the  Graian  Alp  :  and  in  another,  x.  23,  that 
he  has  been  obliged  to  retreat  through  the  Vocontii,  crossing 
the  Is^re  and  destroying  the  bridges.  This  letter  is  dated 
"  Cularone,*  ex  finibus  Allobrogum."  I  think  there  is  another 
letter,  in  which  the  Isere  is  mentioned  as  separating  the 
Allobroges  and  the  Segalauni. 

Strabo,  after  placing  the  Vocontii  along  the  Durance,  iv. 
179,  says  that  they  reach  northward  through  mountain  valleys 
ixexpi'  *  A  Wo/3/9  t7«v — 203,  And  of  the  Allobroges  he  says, 
that  they  are  the  occupiers  from  the  Isere  to  Lyons ;  and  of 
Vienne  he  says,  that  it  is  now  raised  to  the  rank  of  a  city, 
where  those  of  high  distinction  live ;  but  that,  in  the  earlier 

*  The  ancient  name  was  Cularo  ;  in  a  later  day  Gratianopolis, 
whence  Grenoble.  Civarone  and  Cujarone  are  also  found  in  niana- 
scripts. 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.     Mont  dit  Chat.  131 

days  of  their  power,  it  had  been  their  metropolis,  when  only  a 
village. 

Pliny  recognises  a  similar  division  of  peoples  by  the  Isere :  he 
says,  iii.  5,  "  In  agro  Cavarum  Valentia :  Vienna,  AUobrogum." 

Ptolemy,  in  his  catalogue  of  States  and  Towns  of  Keltoga- 
latia  Narbonensis,  ii.  10,  says  : — "  Of  those  who  occupy  the 
"  country  east  of  the  Rhone,  the  most  northerly  are  the 
"  Allobroges,  whose  city  is  Vienne,  in  the  middle  of  them  : 
"  and  next  to  them  are  the  Segalauni,  whose  city  is  Valentia  : 
"  below  them  the  Cavari." 

These  testimonies  are  calculated  to  satisfy  most  persons  on 
the  position  of  the  Allobroges.  But  the  partisans  of  the 
Hannibalian  controversy  are  not  persuadable  like  the  rest  of 
mankind.  Larauza  is  prominent  among  a  host  of  critics  who, 
interpreting  the  Allobroges  of  Polybius,  deny  to  them  all  local 
habitation.  He  designates  them  as  "une  population  essentielle- 
ment  vagabonde : "  whereupon  Letronne,  repenting  in  December 
of  what  he  had  laid  down  in  January,  that  the  Insula  was  Insula 
AUobrogum,  consents  to  be  ranked  among  the  ignorant — "  On 
"  pent  assurer  que  nous  ignorons  tout-^-fait  I'etat  des  choses 
"  au  tems  d'Annibal.  Comment  se  faire  une  objection  de  ce 
"  qu'il  est  impossible  de  connoitre." — Jonrn.  des  Savans,  Dec. 
1819.  An  anonymous  Englishman  of  bolder  chronology 
declares,  "  Nor  is  there  any  account  of  the  Allobroges  that  will 
"  assist  in  the  present  question  till  about  two  centuries  after 
"  Hannibal's  entrance  into  their  territory."    Cambridge,  1830. 

Such  conception  of  ubiquity  in  this  people  enables  the 
advocates  of  the  Cenis,  the  Gen^vre,  or  the  Viso,  to  place  the 
overthrow  of  the  Allobroges  by  Hannibal  in  any  part  of  Gaul 
south  of  Isk^e,  which  may  suit  a  theory :  one  slaughters  them 
near  St.  Bonnet — another  on  the  Ubaye — another  in  the 
valley  of  the  Arc — one  catches  them,  after  he  has  got  over 
the  Cottian  Alps,  in  the  valley  of  Cesanne.  The  curious  thing 
is,  that  these  writers  limit  the  privilege  of  being  Allobrogian 

K  2 


132  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  iv. 

to  the  regions  south  of  Isere:  regions  throughout  which  in- 
numerable peoples  are  acknowledged  with  their  own  well- 
authorized  names.  It  is  denied  only  to  the  island,  a  country 
for  whose  inhabitants  no  ingenuity  has  ever  suggested  any 
name  other  than  AUobroges. 

I  cannot  help  thinking  that,  for  knowing  who  lived  in  the 
Island,  the  narrative  of  Polybius  is  much  to  the  purpose. 
But  M.  Larauza  says,  p.  37,  that  the  vagabond  life  of  the 
population  of  that  period  makes  topographical  distinction 
impossible.  He  is  content  with  the  etymology  of  Bochart. 
"  Ce  mot  AUobroges  est  compost  de  deux  mots,  all  qui  veut 
"  dire  limit,  et  hro  qui  signifie  terre,  dont  on  tire  aisement  le 
"  nom  de  montagne,  et  celui  de  montagnard,  qu'on  rend  par 
''  celui  d'AUobroge."*  Each  expression  of  Polybius  is  twisted 
to  favour  the  ubiquity  of  the  AUobroges ;  that  they  were  not 
a  nation,  but  many  "  peuplades  distinctes,"  as  Larauza  would 
explain  Kara  fiipo<;  Tjyefiove^; :  and  he  apologizes  for  Livy  not 
having  understood  the  word  AUobroges.  It  seems  to  me  that 
these  separate  leaders  were  influential  members  of  one  state. 
The  commonalty  in  an  old  Celtic  people  were  subject  to  the 
control  of  an  aristocracy,  while  they  owed  aUegiance  to  the 
government  of  the  nation.  In  a  civil  war  for  the  chiefdom, 
each  leader  of  a  clan  would  exercise  his  separate  influence — 
it  was  to  be  expected  that  some  of  iSiese,  '*  quorum  auctoritas 
apud  plebem  valebat,"  should  be  in  movement  with  their 
immediate  dependants. 

Larauza  thinks  his  view  to  be  confirmed  by  the  expression 
^AWofiplycov  KoXovjuievcov  TaXarcov,  as  if  it  was  meant  for  a 
name  not  national  but  descriptive ;  and  so  applicable  to 
many  peoples.  He  might  have  seen  that  the  term  koXov- 
/jbivov  is  common  with  Polybius,  on  mentioning  a  thing  which 
his  hearers  may  not  already  be  acquainted  with.     Larauza's 

*  Or  see  the  Gallobriges  of  Mr.  Whitaker,  and  Briges  and 
Brogue,  i.  p.  136. 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.     Mont  du  Chat.  133 

fancy  suggests  a  most  unfortunate  illustration ;  namely,  that 
AUobroges  may  then  have  comprehended  the  Tricastini, 
Vocontii,  and  Tricorii,  also  mentioned  by  Livy.  This  is  a 
bold  denial  of  nationality.  Just  before  the  death  of  Poly  bins, 
the  Vocontii  suffered  a  great  defeat  by  the  Romans,  and 
there  was  a  consular  triumph  over  them  ;  two  or  three  years 
later,  the  Allobroges  were  defeated,  and  there  was  a  consular 
triumph  over  them.  You  might  as  well  include  the  Allo- 
broges under  a  common  denomination  of  Vocontii,  as  the 
Vocontii  under  a  common  denomination  of  Allobroges. 

Besides  the  skirmishing  efforts,  which  have  been  noticed, 
for  placing  the  Allobroges  everywhere  or  nowhere,  the  adver- 
saries profess  to  have  ascertained  that  that  nation  was  not 
on  the  right,  but  on  the  left  bank  of  the  Ts^re.  And  one  argu- 
ment is,  that  Polybius  must  have  viewed  them  as  a  distinct 
people  from  those  who  inhabited  the  Island ;  inasmuch  as  he 
calls  that  enemy  Allobroges,  but  calls  the  inhabitants  of  the 
Island  Barbarians.  There  is  no  such  distinction,  though  the 
suggestion  was  first  made  by  one  of  high  authority. 

Polybius  tells  of  the  two  brothers  in  the  Island  contending 
for  the  sovereignty :  one  expects  therefore  that  the  com- 
batants in  a  civil  war,  if  they  were  Allobroges  on  one  side, 
would  be  Allobroges  also  on  the  other.  Professor  Schweig- 
hseuser,  in  a  note  on  this  passage,  says,  "  Duos  illos  fratres 
"  de  regno  contendentes,  Allobroges  fecit  Livius,  xxi.  31. 
"  Polybius  vero  hoc  cap.  vers.  13,  et  cap.  50,  2.  satis  disert^ 
"  ab  AUobrogibus  eos  distinguit.  Credi  tamen  potest,  varias 
"  fuisse  AUobrogum  gentes." 

Larauza,  p.  35,  adopts  the  distinction.  "  Polybe  ne  nomme 
"  nuUe  part  le  peuple  qui  habitat  I'lle :  il  dit  que  le  chef  de 
"  cette  nation  escorta  les  Carthaginois  qui  s'effrayaient  d'avoir 
"  k  traverser  le  territoire  des  Gaulois  nomm^s  Allobroges." 
Dr.  Ukert,  p.  190,  develops  the  same  idea : — "  The  inhabit- 
"  ants  of  the  Island  are  not  mentioned  by  name,  but  are  only 


134  Polyhius  interpreted.  [pakt  iv. 

"  spoken  of  in  general  terms  as  barbarians.  Polybius  names 
"  the  Allobroges  as  being  inhabitants  of  the  country  through 
"  which  Hannibal  pursued  his  march  when  he  set  out  again  : 
"  they  are  Gauls :  they  dwell  in  the  plains,  and  are  under 
"  many  chiefs.  According  to  the  account  of  Polybius,  we 
"  must  look  for  them  in  our  maps  south  of  the  Isere." 

Mr.  Ellis  in  his  Treatise,  p.  133,  asserts  that  it  is  clear  from 
Polybius,  that  the  Allobroges  were  not  inhabitants  of  the 
Island  in  Hannibal's  time.  In  my  criticism,  p.  17,  I  pointed 
out  the  causes  which  had  led  to  that  error.  Mr.  Ellis,  in  his 
Defence  {Journal  of  Philol.  ii.  316),  without  replying  to  my 
comments,  adopts  the  substantive  error  himself,  and  is  as 
proud  of  it  as  if  he  were  the  inventor.  He  proclaims  that 
the  Allobroges  were  south  of  Is^re,  and  denounces  the  con- 
trary notion  as  absurd.  He  neither  defends  the  view  of 
Schweighaeuser  and  Ukert,  nor  combats  my  remarks,  but 
brings  out  a  new  idea  of  his  own.  He  gives  in  translation 
sentences  from  the  49th  and  50th  chapters,  and  where 
Polybius  speaks  of  the  allied  force  he  adds  the  words,  "  The 
men  of  the  Island;"  and  then  pronounces  judgment  thus: 
"  Now  if  for  '  the  men  of  the  Island '  the  expression  AUo- 
"  broges  be  substituted,  these  two  passages  become  absolute 
"  nonsense.  That  the  men  of  the  Island  were  the  Allobroges 
"  of  Polybius,  is  thus  a  proposition  at  once  susceptible  of  a 
"  reductio  ad  absurdum'' 

Mr.  EUis  seems  to  defy  us  to  meddle  with  Polybius ;  but 
in  fact  he  is  only  defying  us  to  meddle  with  himself:  he  is 
the  inventor  of  the  expression  "  men  of  the  Island."  I 
subscribe  to  the  doctrine  which  he  calls  absolute  nonsense, 
and  am  quite  prepared  to  add  the  idea  "  AUobrogian "  in 
both  places  of  the  text ;  but  I  should  not  thereby  substitute 
it  for  a  term  which  never  was  in  the  text. 

Schweighseuser,  Larauza,  and  Ukert  had  been  misled  by 
this.     They  saw  that  Hannibal's  friends  were  called  /3dpffapoi, 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.     Mont  dtc  Chat.  135 

and  they  saw  that  his  enemies  were  Allobroges.  Hence  they 
hastily  concluded  that  the  two  must  be  distinct  nations,  and 
were  emboldened  to  place  them  on  different  sides  of  the  river. 
But  they  were  not  distinct  nations.  Polybius  has  first  men- 
tioned the  country  which  he  so  fully  describes,  not  by  the 
name  of  the  nation  or  inhabitants,  but  by  another  name,  the 
Island.  He  announces  the  arrival  of  Hannibal,  not  at  the 
country  of  the  AUobroges,  but  at  a  region  called  the  Island  ; 
and,  having  explained  why  it  was  so  called,  he  continues  to 
speak  of  the  country  under  that  name;  mentioning,  among 
other  things,  the  contention  for  the  sovereignty  of  it,  and  all 
this  without  occasion  to  express  the  name  of  people  or  inha- 
bitants. But  on  the  first  occasion,  when  people  or  inhabitants 
are  to  be  named,  which  is  when  he  states  the  apprehension 
entertained  about  marching  through  them,  he  speaks  of  them 
by  their  name  Allobroges,  and  any  doubt  which  may  have 
been  is  relieved. 

The  error  of  supposing  that  the  inhabitants  are  called  Bar- 
barians in  contrast  with  the  Allobroges,  rests  on  this :  that, 
When  the  narrative  is  bringing  us  to  the  Alps,  the  leaders  of 
Allobrogian  detachments  are  said  to  abstain  from  attacking 
the  Carthaginians  in  the  plain  country,  being  deterred  partly 
by  their  cavalry,  partly  by  the  barbarian  escort.  This  was 
supposed  to  show  a  contrast  between  Allobrogian  and  barba- 
rian. But  it  is  not  so.  It  is  true  that  this  barbarian  escort 
belonged  to  the  Island,  but  so  also  did  the  Allobrogian  enemy. 
If  you  read  forward,  you  will  find  that  the  term  "  barbarian  " 
tends  to  identify  Hannibal's  ally  with  Allobroges,  not  to  dis- 
tinguish them  from  Allobroges  :  it  is  applied  to  both.  In  the 
next  sentence  but  one,  we  read  what  was  done  by  the  general 
of  the  Carthaginians,  when  he  learned  that  the  barbarians 
had  taken  possession  of  the  advantageous  posts.  He  occupied 
those  posts,  when  the  barbarians,  according  to  their  practice, 
had  withdrawn  for  the  night ;  and  we  read  of  the  attacks  made 


136  Polybius  interpreted.  [part  iv. 

by  the  barbarians,  when  in  the  morning  these  things  were  per- 
ceived by  them.   The  barbarians  are  the  AUobroges  themselves. 

Botli  in  the  one  instance  where  the  friends  are  called  bar- 
barian, and  in  these  instances  where  the  enemy  is  called 
barbarian,  the  word  means,  in  effect,  "  native,"  and  is  used  in 
contrast  with  Carthaginian,  as  it  is  used  elsewhere  by  Polybius 
in  contrast  with  civilised  nations.  This  contrast  is  particu- 
larly marked  in  the  instance  on  which  the  adverse  argument 
is  built-;  the  troops  of  the  ally  are  called  barbarian,  being 
mentioned  together  with  the  Carthaginian  cavalry,  and  would 
have  been  called  so,  if  their  proper  name,  Allobroges,  had 
occurred  twenty  times  before.  The  distinction  is  in  frequent 
use.  In  the  third  book,  where  Polybius  describes  the  opera- 
tions of  Hannibal,  against  the  Carpetani  and  Olcades,  these 
peoples  are  called  by  their  proper  names  in  one  sentence,  and 
the  barbarians  in  the  next.  So  in  the  thirty-third  Book,  c.  8, 
where  the  contrast  is  with  Eoman,  the  Oxybii  are  named  in  one 
sentence,  and  called  the  barbarians  in  the  next.  In  fact,  there 
is  no  more  contrast  here  between  Barbarian  and  Allobrogian, 
than  there  is,  in  c.  47,  between  OrjpLa  and  eXec^avre?,  words 
employed  in  one  sentence  to  signify  the  same  thing. 

Our  adversaries,  flattering  themselves  that  they  have  swept 
the  Allobroges  of  Polybius  out  of  the  Island  to  the  other  side 
of  the  Isere,  grow  bolder,  and  seek  to  push  them  still  further 
south,  and  near  to  the  shore  of  the  Mediterranean.  Dr.  Ukert, 
iii.  591,  says  of  the  Allobroges  :  "  When  in  earlier  times  men- 
"  tion  is  made  of  wars  which  they  undertook,  they  appear 
"  (stehend — stand)  quite  in  the  most  southern  part  of  Gaul." 
These  references  are  given  : — Polybius,  iii.  50;  Strabo,  iv.  186; 
Livy,  xxi.  31 ;  Dion  Cassius,  xxxvii.  47  ;  Florus,  iii.  2  ;  Livy, 
Epitome,  Ivi. — ciii 

I  do  not  find  a  word  in  these  passages  referred  to  that 
warrants  the  assertion  that  tlie  Allobroges  are  spoken  of  by 
these  authors  as  inhabitants  of  the  south.    They  are  exhibited 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.     Mont  du  Chat.  137 

fighting  for  a  short  time  south  of  Is^re,  but  not  inhabiting. 
In  the  year  when  the  Eomans,  invading  Gaul,  pushed  their 
course  up  the  Ehone,  Allobroges  are  seen  fighting  a  few  miles 
above  Avignon,  "  ad  oppidum  Vindalium ; "  and  again  near  the 
confluence  of  the  Isere  and  the  Ehone.  What  then  ?  If  in 
the  previous  year  they  had  sent  a  brigade  across  the  Durance 
in  aid  of  the  Salluvii,  would  this  locate  them  south  of 
Durance?  Does  the  field  of  battle  enable  you  to  fix  the 
national  boundaries  of  the  combatants  ?  A  military  nation 
threatened  with  aggression  need  not  stay  at  home  to  receive 
the  enemy.  When  many  peoples  are  breathing  the  same 
hostility  to  the  sweeping  ambition  of  one  domineering  state, 
some  will  come  to  fight  on  the  soil  of  their  neighbours.  Many 
tribes  left  their  own  villages  and  joined  force  on  mountains 
not  their  own  to  oppose  the  progress  of  Csesar  through  the 
Alps :  and  some  of  these  had  shortly  before  descended  into 
the  plain  of  the  Ehone  to  aid  a  rebellion  against  the  supremacy 
of  the  great  republic.  Her  conquests  would  have  been  more 
easy,  if  each  people  had  fought  only  on  its  own  ground. 

In  the  same  view  of  giving  a  laifce  date  to  their  position 
north  of  Isere,  Larauza  had  imagined  and  laid  down  a  history 
for  the  Allobroges,  with  an  outline  of  historical  fact  asserted 
positively  and  without  obscurity.  He  says,  pp.  37,  38  :  "  C'est 
"  en  de9a  de  ITsere,  et  surtout  dans  la  partie  la  plus  md- 
"  ridionale  de  la  Gaule,  que  Ton  voit  se  passer  la  plupart  des 
"  guerres  qu'ils  eurent  k  soutcnir  contre  les  Eomains  depuis 
"  la  premiere,  Tan  630  de  Eome,  jusqu'^  celle  qui  mit  fin 
"  a  leur  independance,  I'an  692.  Nous  serious  meme  assez 
"  fondes  a  croire  que  ce  dut  etre  vers  cette  epoque  que, 
"  subjugues  par  les  Eomains,  ils  furent  repousses  au-del^  de 
"  ris^re,  et  forces  de  se  renfermer  dans  le  pays  looni^  par  se 
"  fleuve,  la  Saone,  et  le  Ehone." 

This  statement  has  the  one  merit  of  perspicuity  ;  it  asserts, 
that  a  course  of  warfare  was  sustained  by  the  Allobroges  for  a 


138  Polyhius  interpreted,  [part  iv. 

period  of  62  years — from  630  to  692  u.c. :  that  is,  from  124 
to  62  B.C. :  that  their  independence  was  then  at  last  crushed, 
these  wars  having  been  carried  on  by  them  in  the  most 
southern  parts  of  Gaul :  that,  though  when  Strabo  wrote 
they  were  restricted  to  the  north  of  Is^re,  yet,  in  the  time  of 
Caesar,  they  had  only  just  been  driven  within  that  boundary. 

Now,  though  M.  Larauza  was  a  laborious,  zealous,  and 
amiable  man,  and  Dr.  Ukert  enjoys  a  very  high  reputation 
for  the  knowledge  of  ancient  geography,  I  conceive  this 
continuous  warfare  of  the  Allobroges  with  Eome  to  be  an 
unauthorized  notion ;  a  mistake  of  a  few  simple  facts,  which 
are  these.  At  the  beginning  of  the  period  spoken  of,  the 
AUobroges  in  one  campaign  lost  their  independence  and 
became  subject  to  Rome:  at  the  end  of  that  period  they 
broke  into  an  insurrection,  which  was  presently  quelled  by 
the  Prsetor  of  the  Province;  and  in  the  intermediate  time 
there  were  no  hostilities  at  all. 

The  first  entrance  of  the  Eomans  into  Gaul  by  land  was 
in  the  year  154  B.C.,  when  they  came  to  protect  the  Massilians 
against  the  Oxybii  and  Deciatse.  Polyb.  xxxiii.  4.  By  this 
interference,  which  occupied  little  time,  their  friends  were 
established  in  the  possession  of  an  increased  territory.  The 
Romans  did  not  cross  the  Maritime  Alp  again  for  29  years. 
They  then  went  again  in  aid  of  the  Massilians  :  this  was  in 
125.  In  123  they  defeated  certain  transalpine  Ligurians, 
who  were  supported  by  the  Vocontii.*  In  the  next  year, 
122,  they  founded  their  first  colony  beyond  the  Alps,  Aquse 
Sextiae,  Aix  en  Provence ;  subduing  the  Salluvii,  who  seem 
to  have  had  some  assistance  from  the  AUobroges.f     In  the 

*  It  appears  from  the  Fasti  Capitolini,  quoted  by  Mr.  Clinton, 
Vol.  iii.  1 30,  that  the  Vocontii  had  fought  against  Fulvius  Flaccus  : 
for  he  is  recorded  as  having  a  triumph  over  them. 

f  Velleius  Paterculus  states  that  the  Allobroges  joined  the 
Sallyes  in  resisting  the  Romans  under  Sextius,  i.  15. 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.     Mont  du  Chat.  139 

following  year,  121,  the  proconsul  Domitius  ^nobarbus  de- 
feated the  army  of  the  Allobroges ;  and  the  consul  Fabius 
also  routed  them  with  prodigious  slaughter,  together  with  the 
Arverni  and  Ruteni,  a  great  force  having  been  brought  into 
the  field  on  the  part  of  the  Gauls.  Thus  speedily  was  effected 
the  subjugation  of  the  Allobroges.  These  three  campaigns 
led  to  the  erection  of  the  Province :  and  never  did  the 
Allobroges  regain  their  independence.  The  accounts  of  their 
subjugation  are  consistently  told  by  Strabo,  Livy,  Pliny,  and 
others ;  and  there  is  no  reason  to  think  that,  when  they 
became  subject  to  Rome,  there  was  any  change  in  their 
boundaries. 

From  the  earliest  to  the  last  of  the  extant  historians,  all 
give  in  effect  the  same  representation  of  this  Gallic  war 
of  five  years,  and  the  consequence  of  it  to  the  nation  of 
Allobroges,  who  in  the  last  year  bore  a  prominent  part. 
Ammianus  Marcellinus,  writing  500  years  after  the  trans- 
actions, says  this :  "  Hse  regiones,  prsecipu^  quae  confines 
"  Italicis  paulatim  levi  sudore  sub  imperium  venere  Ro- 
"  manum :  primo  tentatffi  per  Fulvium,  deinde  prseliis  parvis 
"  quassatae  per  Sextium,  ad  ultimum  per  Fabium  Maximum 
"  domitse :  cui  negotii  plenus  effectus,  asperiore  AUobrogum 
"  gente  devicta,  hoc  indidit  cognomen."     Lib.  xv. 

Such  was  the  first  AUobrogian  war  of  M.  Larauza.  Where 
is  the  next?  Having  assigned  to  a  particular  district  "la 
"  plupart  des  guerres  depuis  la  premiere.  Fan  630,  jusqu'^  la 
"  derni^re.  Tan  692,"  he  might  be  expected  to  bring  to  our 
attention  something  that  happened  between  those  two  ex- 
tremes. But  he  furnishes  nothing.  Neither  in  his  work,  nor 
elsewhere,  is  there  an  act  of  discord  between  the  Allobroges 
and  the  Romans  after  that  first  short  war  of  conquest,  until 
the  very  end  of  the  stated  period,  "Fan  692."  In  that  year 
things  are  recorded,  which  M.  Larauza  treats  as  the  climax 
of  a  continuous  contest :  and,  because  this  people  is  seen  for 


140  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  iv. 

a  month  or  two  in  arms  at  the  end  of  that  period,  he  pre- 
sumes that  they  had  been  fighting  against  Eome  throughout 
the  interval.  But  in  truth  even  that  one  fact  is  misrepre- 
sented :  it  was  but  an  effort  of  insurrection  speedily  quelled. 
The  only  authorities  on  the  subject  seem  to  be  Livy  and 
Dion  Cassius.  There  is  an  interesting  question  on  the 
identity  of  places :  but  it  does  not  affect  our  inquiry. 

There  cannot  well  be  a  stronger  specimen  of  exaggeration 
than  the  sixty-two  years'  struggle  proclaimed  by  this  critic, 
founded  only  on  a  few  conflicts,  which  cannot  have  occupied 
many  weeks,  at  the  close  of  that  period.  If  this  rebellion 
had  been  serious  enough  to  require  a  Koman  reinforcement  to 
cross  the  boundary  of  Italy,  which  it  did  not,  how  stands  the 
assumption,  that  these  hostilities  concluded  a  long  contest ; 
and  that  up  to  that  moment  the  Allobroges  maintained  their 
independence  ?  Two  years  before  this  affair  of  Ventia,  we 
find  them  to  be  clearly  in  a  state  of  subjection.  In  691  u.c, 
was  the  conspiracy  of  Catiline :  and  the  accounts  of  that 
event  show  that  the  Allobroges  were  at  that  time  subjects 
of  Eome.  Their  envoys  were  at  Eome,  preferring  charges 
against  their  rulers  or  magistrates.  P.  Umbrenus,  an  agent 
of  the  prsetor  Lentulus,  who  was  a  chief  performer  in  Cati- 
line's plot,  sounds  them  by  entering  into  a  discussion  of  their 
grievances.  "  Postquam  illos  videt  queri  de  avaritia  magistra- 
"  tuum,  accusare  senatum  quod  eo  auxilii  nihil  esset ;  miseriis 
"  suis  remedium  mortem  expectare  :  At  ego,  inquit,  vobis,  si 
"  modo  viri  esse  voltis,  rationem  ostendam  qua  tanta  ista  mala 
"  effugiatis."  *  They  pledge  themselves  to  the  conspiracy ;  and 
afterwards  repent  of  it.  "  Quinto  Eabio  Sangse,  cujus  patrocinio 
"  civitas  plurimum  utebatur,  rem  omnem,  uti  cognoverant,  ape- 
"  riunt."  Fabius  reports  these  disclosures  to  Cicero,  who  frames 
the  scheme  that  ensures  the  public  safety  :  and  the  senatorial 

*  Sallust.  Bell.  Catilin.  c.  40,  41  ;  and  see  Appian.  de  Bello  Civ. 
ii.  430. 


CHAP.  II.]  First  Alps.     Mont  du  Clmt,  141 

traitors  forfeit  their  lives  through  the  evidence  of  the  Allobroges. 
The  charge  against  their  magistrates,  the  grumbling  at  the 
non-protection  of  the  Senate,  the  patronage  of  the  Fabii, 
the  very  act  of  assenting  to  the  conspiracy,  all  show  the 
Allobroges  to  have  been  at  this  period  in  a  state  of  political 
dependence. 

Thus  the  alleged  probability  of  the  Allobroges  having  been 
first  driven  beyond  the  Is^re  in  the  year  692,  vanishes,  with  all 
the  statements  on  which  it  is  built.     They  lost  their  indepen- 
dence in  630  :  and,  while  there  is  no  evidence  that  they  ever 
regained  it,  there  are  ample  circumstances  tending  to  satisfy 
us  that  they  did  not.    See  the  progress  of  events  in  the  south 
of  Gaul  during  that  very  period,  the  sixty  years  of  which  we 
speak.     What  is  it  but  the  continuous  progress  of  Eoman 
power  ?  The  foundations  of  it  were  laid  gradually  but  strongly. 
We  may  look  back  to  the  eighty  years  that  preceded  those 
sixty  years,  the  time  of  the  Ligurian  wars,  wars  with  those 
who  shut  up  the  avenue  to  Spain  with  their  mountains  on  the 
sea — airoKeKkeuKOcrt,  ra?  et?  r^v  ^l^rjplav  nrapohov^t  ra?  Sta 
T^9  7rapa\ia<;.     Strab.  iv.  203.     While  that  struggle  lasted, 
Eome  was  becoming  acquainted  with  the  politics   of  Gaul 
through  their  maritime  communications  with  Marseille  and 
the  Ehone.     Under  pretence  of  defending  the  interests  of  her 
allies,  as  Livy  calls  the  (Edui,  she  attacks  the  nearer  of  the 
transalpine  states.    The  first  colony  is  founded,  Aquse  Sextiae. 
Then  is  the  downfall  of  the  great  states,  the  Yocontii,  the 
Arverni,  the  Allobroges.     The  colony  of  Narbo  is  established. 
Outer  Gaul  is  now  their  battle-field  against  the  barbarians 
who  had  overrun  Spain,  and  carried  their  hopes  of  plunder  to 
the  plain  of  Italy.   The  famous  canal  is  constructed  by  Marius 
for  avoiding  the  shallows  at  the  Ehone's  mouth,  offensive  to 
navigation.     Not  restricted  to  maritime  communication,  the 
Eomans  now  marched  to  the  Pyrenees  and   Spain  through 
countries  that  owned  their  mastery.     Toulouse  is  garrisoned, 


142  Polyhi'us  interpreted,  [part  iv. 

and  a  Koman  general  can  withdraw  his  troops  into  France  for 
winter  quarters.  Finally,  before  the  end  of  the  sixty  years' 
imaginary  war,  the  higher  central  Alps  are  laid  open  to  the 
rush  of  Eoman  armies  into  their  Gaulish^ and  Spanish 
provinces. 

This  is  the  period  in  which  it  is  assumed  that,  during  such 
progressive  movement  of  Eoman  power,  the  Allobroges  were 
stemming  the  torrent  and  defying  a  pressure  to  which  their 
neighbours  had  to  yield.  The  notion  put  forth  by  Larauza, 
and  assented  to  by  Ukert,  as  a  basis  for  the  migration  of 
Allobroges  northwards  beyond  the  Isfere  in  the  latter  days 
of  the  Roman  republic,  is  nothing  less  than  this — that  this 
humbled  nation,  who  had  flourished  in  the  south  towards  the 
Mediterranean,  bordering  on  states  treated  with  less  severity 
than  themselves,  rallied  from  their  defeat  in  633,  and  main- 
tained a  series  of  unrecorded  wars,  which,  after  sixty  years, 
were  concluded  only  by  the  surrender  of  Ventia  and  the 
burning  of  Solonium,  told  by  Dion  Cassius.  I  believe  both 
those  places  to  have  been  in  their  northern  and  original  terri- 
tory :  and  I  hope  it  has  appeared  that  a  march  through  the 
Allobroges,  the  fifth  and  last  requisite  for  our  accordance  with 
the  Polybian  narrative,  is,  with  the  rest,  truly  fulfilled  by  a 
march  from  the  confluence  of  the  rivers  to  the  Mont  du  Chat. 


CHAPTEE  III. 

Adverse  Theories  on  the  beginning  of  Alps.  Tivo  hy  which 
Hannibal  marches  forward  in  the  Island.  Mr.  Whitaker, 
going  through  Geneva,  finds  the  Alps  of  Martigny.  Mr. 
H.  L,  Long,  going  through  Grenoble,  finds  them  at  Fort 
Barraux. 

I  HAVE  now  to  deal  with  this  terminus,  the  first  Alps,  as  it 
has  been  variously  fixed  in  the  several  theories  hostile  to  my 


CHAP.  III.]       First  Alps  :  other  points  N.  of  Ishre.  143 

own.  In  explaining  my  own  views  on  the  subject,  I  have 
contrasted  them  to  some  extent  with  others.  Nevertheless 
I  will  adveit  to  the  dva^oXrj  of  each  other  theory  seriatim^ 
only  not  repeating  matters  already  discussed. 

First,  let  us  take  the  two  schemes  of  march  which,  as  well 
as  our  own,  proceed  from  the  Island  without  turning  back  to 
recross  the  Isere.  I  encounter  Mr.  Whitaker  as  the  champion 
of  the  Great  St.  Bernard,  seeking  his  first  Alps  at  Martigny ; 
and  Mr.  Henry  Lawes  Long,  who,  on  entering  the  Island, 
proceeds  through  Grenoble  to  his  first  Alps  at  Fort  Barraux, 
and  then  joins  us  at  Montmelian. 

March  hy  LyoTis  and  Geneva  to  Martigny.     Mr.  Whitaker, 

Among  the  English  commentators,  Mr.  Whitaker  stands 
forth  as  the  laborious,  and  1  believe  the  most  recent,  advocate 
of  the  Great  St.  Bernard.  And  he  may  be  considered  to  have 
contributed  greatly  to  the  discussion  of  the  matter.  General 
Melville,  whose  effort  to  explain  Poly  bins  was  made  in  1775, 
communicated  his  notes  of  what  he  saw  and  thought  to 
Mr.  Whitaker  and  M.  De  Luc.  In  1794  Mr.  Whitaker  pub- 
lished a  long  work  in  support  of  the  Great  St.  Bernard,  and 
against  the  views  of  General  Melville.  In  1818  M.  De  Luc 
was  induced  to  publish  his  excellent  work,  having  become 
acquainted  with  the  General  in  1795,  and  finding  his  own 
views  to  correspond  with  what  he  learned  from  him.  He 
has  not  failed  to  speak  his  opinion  of  Mr.  Whitaker's 
merits — "  Anim^  du  diabolique  esprit  de  contradiction,  en- 
"  train^  par  une  imagination  desordonnee,  et  priv^  du  sens 
''  commun  quoiqu'avec  une  prodigieuse  erudition,  il  voulut 
•'  se  frayer  une  route  differente  de  toutes  celles  qu'on  avoit 
"  imaginees  jusqu'a  lui,  sans  s'embarrasser  des  absurdit^s 
"  sans  nombre  dans  lesquelles  il  devait  necessairement 
"  tomber." 


1 44  Polyhim  interpreted,  [pakt  iv. 

I  will  deal  with  Mr.  Whitaker  as  I  find  him.  I  do  not 
dwell  upon  his  mode  of  reaching  the  Ehone,  as  none  are 
following  him.  He  asserted,  that  Hannibal,  after  crossing 
the  Pyrenees,  quitted  the  coast,  and  made  his  march  through 
Carcassone,  Lodeve,  Le  Vigan,  and  Anduse,  and  so  came  upon 
the  Ehone  at  a  part  opposite  to  the  influx  of  the  Drome,  and 
crossed  to  a  place  called  Loriol.  Mr.  Whitaker  selected  this 
place  as  being  half-way  between  Lyons  and  the  sea ;  knowing 
it  by  means  of  another  circumstance  which  he  reports, 
namely,  that  Aries  is  at  the  mouth  of  the  Ehone.  This  fact, 
which  also  is  exclusively  his  own,  removes  in  favour  of  his 
hypothesis  the  length  of  Ehone  usually  recognised  below 
Aries  ;  and  brings  his  place  of  crossing  so  much  nearer  to 
the  sea.  In  conformity  with  these  views,  Mr.  Whitaker 
makes  Hanno's  division  to  cross  the  Ehone  three  miles  above 
the  influx  of  the  Is^re  ;  so  as  to  have  crossed  the  latter  river 
before  he  comes  down  to  take  the  enemy  in  flank.  Being 
satisfied  that  a  BLa^acrcf;  at  Loriol  fulfils  all  the  requisites  of 
the  Greek  narrative,  Mr.  Whitaker  conducts  the  march  up 
the  Ehone,  and  in  four  days  brings  the  Carthaginians  to 
Lyons  ;  where  his  Island  is  the  ground  now  occupied  by  the 
city  and  enclosed  by  the  two  rivers  and  the  hills  which  over- 
hang the  place.  After  settling  the  affairs  of  the  Segusiani, 
he  replaces  Hannibal  on  the  left  bank  of  the  Ehone,  and 
continues  the  march  undeviatingly  along  the  windings  of  the 
river,  by  Seyssel,  Geneva,  and  the  Lake,  to  Martigny. 

I  am  not  aware  that  these  tenets  have  received  assent, 
saving  in  the  applause  of  Mr.  Tytler  (Lord  Woodhouslee), 
who  promptly  published  a  pamphlet  in  express  commendation 
of  Mr.  Whitaker's  discoveries.  When  we  remember  that 
Polybius  represents  the  passage  of  the  Ehone  to  be  a  short 
four  days'  march  from  the  sea,  that  he  attributes  1,400  stadia 
from  that  passage  to  the  beginning  of  Alps ;  and  prescribes 
1,200  from  the  beginning  of  Alps  to  the  plain  of  Italy,  we 


CHAP.  III.]         First  A  Ips :  other  points  N.  of  Mre,  145 

might  be  satisfied,  without  more,  to  dismiss  the  Great  St. 
Bernard  from  the  list  of  candidates  for  representing  the  pass 
intended  by  Polybius.  But,  though  it  would  be  a  waste  of 
labour  to  scrutinize  such  a  journey  through  all  the  tests  of 
conformity  with  the  Greek  history,  some  notice  is  fitly 
bestowed  on  a  known  writer,  whose  zealous  display  of 
learning  upon  our  subject  is  among  the  curiosities  of 
literature  :  we  add  to  the  security  of  truth  by  encountering 
all  that  has  pretended  to  illustrate  her.  I  shall,  however, 
endeavour  to  comprise  in  this  chapter  all  that  needs  to  be 
said  on  Mr.  Whitaker's  construction  of  Polybius,  that  I  may 
not  recur  to  it  on  further  topics  :  also,  as  he  vibrates  in  his 
feelings  of  respect,  such  as  it  is,  between  the  two  ancient 
authorities,  I  hope  to  be  excused  if,  while  I  interpret  one,  I 
notice  his  treatment  of  the  other,  disregarding  in  this  instance 
my  own  rule  of  criticism. 

Mr.  Whitaker  expresses  his  satisfaction,  that  Polybius  is 
confirmed  by  the  authority  of  Livy  in  bringing  the  march 
to  Lyons  as  the  Insula  of  the  history.  Prom  that  place 
Hannibal  marches  along  the  Ehone,  being  attended  as  far  as 
■Geneva  by  the  "  friendly  King  of  Lyons ; "  and  keeping 
close  to  the  banks  of  the  river,  with  the  stream  on  his  left, 
Mr.  Whitaker  discovers  a  blot  in  the  Eoman  historian,  for 
turning  at  Lyons  to  his  left  hand  instead  of  his  right :  but 
upon  the  whole  applauds  him  for  his  improvements  on  the 
Polybian  narrative,  in  the  progress  to  Geneva. 

Among  other  things,  he  considers  Livy  to  have  forwarded 
the  knowledge  of  the  truth  by  introducing  the  river  Druentia. 
He  represents  that  the  Arve,  which  falls  into  the  Ehone  at 
Geneva,  is  not  navigable,  and  that  the  Druentia  of  Livy  is 
"non  navium  patiens  :"  that  therefore  the  Arve  is  the  Druentia 
of  Livy.  Dwelling  on  this  discovery,  as  he  says  p.  145,  with 
a  parental  fondness,  he  rejoices  in  the  confirmation  of  it  by 
Strabo.     That  writer  has  told  us,  iv.  203,  of  a  river  called 

VOL.  I.  L 


146  Polybius  i7iterpre(ed,  [part  iv. 

Druentius,  whicli,  rising  in  the  highest  summits,  runs  into  the 
Ehone.  This  Mr.  Whitaker  declares  to  be  the  torrent  which, 
rising  near  the  Col  du  Bonhomme,  rushes  down  the  Val  de 
Montjoye,  and  joins  the  Arve  at  Passi.  After  quoting 
Strabo  on  the  Druentius  rushing  to  the  Ehone,  and  the  Doria 
on  the  other  side  of  those  mountains  mixing  with  the  Po, 
he  says,  "  This  quadrates  very  accurately  with  all  that  I  have 
"  said  of  the  Arve ;  and  forms  a  full  demonstration  of  itself, 
"  that  the  Arve  was  actually  denominated  the  Druentia  or 
"  Druentius  by  the  Eomans."  i.  141 — 150. 

Having  still  further  settled  the  identity  of  this  river  by 
the  aid  of  Silius  Italicus,  Mr.  Whitaker  forwards  the  ex- 
pedition under  the  auspices  of  Livy,  who  reports  Hannibal 
to  have  reached  the  Alps  "  campestri  maxim^  itinere,"  which 
he  thinks  to  have  peculiar  application  to  a  route  from 
Geneva  to  Martigny.     i.  157 — 160. 

Having  travelled  some  way  amicably  enough  with  the  two 
ancient  authorities,  Mr.  Whitaker  begins  to  suspect  a  want 
of  harmony  between  them.  Not  doubting  that  Hannibal 
climbed  the  Great  St.  Bernard,  and  knowing,  from  the  third 
book  of  Caesar's  Commentaries,  that,  in  order  to  get  there, 
it  was  expedient  to  pass  through  the  Nantuates  and  the 
Veragri,  he  is  shocked  to  find  these  nations  quite  overlooked 
by  Polybius,  who  actually  brings  Hannibal  to  the  ascent 
of  the  Alps  in  1,400  stadia  from  the  passage  of  the  Ehone. 
Mr.  Whitaker  rebukes  him  in  these  words  : —  "  All  that  march 
"  of  Hannibal,  though  it  was  pursued  through  a  couple  of 
"  nations,  is  totally  omitted  by  Polybius.  He  considers  the 
"  position  of  Geneva  as  the  beginning  of  the  Alps  ;  therefore 
"  carries  Hannibal  a  hundred  miles  from  Lyons,  and  instantly 
"  sets  him  to  enter  the  Alps.  Hannibal,  he  teUs  us,  having 
"  marched  along  the  river  about  a  hundred  miles,  began  the 
"  ascent  of  the  Alps.  This  is  certainly  one  of  the  many 
"  deficiencies,  and  of  the  very  important  too,  that  just  criticism 


CHAP.  III.]         First  Alps :  other  points  N.  of  Isere.  .  147 

"  must  for  ever  lament  in  the  narrative  of  Poly  bins.  A  range 
"  of  country  about  sixty  miles  in  length  is  annihilated  by  the 
"  negligence  of  this  writer  ;  and  we  find  a  great  gulph  yawn- 
"  ing  wide  before  us,  when  we  would  pursue  his  march  of 
"  Hannibal  with  geographical  fidelity.  Yet  such  has  been 
"  the  reverence  shown  to  the  pen  of  Polybius,  such  the 
"  idolatry  paid  to  his  name,  that  his  very  faults  have  been 
"  consecrated  with  his  excellencies,  and  the  erring  mortal 
"  has  been  enshrined  in  the  glory  of  the  Divinity.  Though 
"  Livy  comes  in  very  happily  to  supply  his  deficiency  here, 
"  and  exposes  it  very  strongly  by  supplying  it,  yet  little 
"  attention  has  been  given  him,  and  the  historical  world  has 
"  generally  preferred  the  falsehoods  of  this  Plato  to  the  truths 
"  of  Livy.  Livy,  indeed,  has  hitherto  been  considered  by 
"  all,  not  as  he  ought  to  have  been,  not  as  an  equal  planet 
"  with  Polybius  in  the  horizon  of  our  history ;  but  as  a  kind 
"  of  satellite  only  to  him,  attentive  to  his  movements,  re- 
"  fleeting  his  brightness,  and  hardly  noticeable  in  the  lustre 
"  of  his  beams,  and  this  false  idea  has  contributed  to  give 
"  a  false  turn  to  many  parts  of  the  history  of  Hannibal." 
i.  168—172. 

Notwithstanding  the  contrast  thus  portrayed,  it  is  difficult 
to  perceive  that  Livy  has  so  happily  supplied  the  defects  of 
his  rival,  yet  from  Martigny  to  the  summit  he  appears  still  to 
supplant  him  in  the  favour  of  Mr.  Whitaker.  At  St.  Branchier, 
above  Martigny,  Mr.  Whitaker  brings  Hannibal  among  the 
Salassi — and  says  in  a  note,  p.  232 :  "  Livy  is  most  luminously 
"  particular  here,  while  Polybius  wraps  up  all  in  a  dull  gene- 
"  rality  of  narration/'  At  Orsi^res  a  conference  is  held  with 
natives,  some  coming  from  places  higher  up,  Liddes  and  St. 
Pierre :  and  Hannibal  is  over-reached  by  their  cunning.  The 
Salassi  offer  to  guide  him  by  a  better  route ;  so  he  casts  off 
liis  own  guides,  turns  away  with  these  new  friends  into  the 
Val  de  Bagnes,  and  ascends  the  eastern  branch  of  the  Drance. 

l2 


148 


Folyhms  interpreted. 


[part  IV. 


This  brings  the  army  to  the  Eock  of  Luttier  *  the  destined 
scene  of  the  outbreak  of  the  treachery  ;  on  which  Mr.  Whit- 
aker,  p.  274,  note,  says,  "  Livy  alone  informs  us  of  this  bold 
movement  in  the  Salassi,  xxi.  34."  In  pp.  202-3,  we  find 
that  the  assailants  received  so  severe  a  chastisement  that  they 
presently  vanished ;  Hannibal  is  exhibited  as  returning  to  the 
guidance  of  his  Italian  friends :  he  still  struggles  onward,  the 
line  of  glaciers  edging  close  upon  his  left,  among  which  Mr. 
Whitaker  names,  from  a  map  in  De  Saussure's  second  volume, 
those  of  Chermotane  and  La  Valpeline,  and  in  another  direc- 
tion those  of  De  Tzeudy  or  Valsoret,  as  north  or  west  of  Mont 
Noir  and  Mont  Yelan,  embarrassing  his  movements  and  com- 
pelling him  to  feel  his  way.  It  is  said  that  "  Livy  is  the  only 
"  historian  supplying  this  portion  of  the  narrative,  Polybius 
"by  an  unpardonable  negligence  omitting  all  notice  of  it." 
Again,  p.  284,  "  Polybius  smothers  that  history,  which  we  see 
"  so  lively  and  so  active  in  Livy,  concerning  the  dubious,  the 
"  circuitous,  the  retrograde  progression  of  Hannibal  in  his 
"  march  from  the  hill  of  ambuscade  to  the  crest  of  the  Alps." 
We  learn  from  Mr.  Whitaker,  that,  "moving  in  a  line  in 
"  which  no  army  ever  moved  before  or  since,  Hannibal  reached 
"  the  regular  road  at  St.  Pierre,  which  he  had  left  five  days 
"  before  at  Orzieres,  only  about  seven  miles  below."  "  The 
"  next  day  he  found  himself  happily  mounted,  with  all  his 
"  army,  upon  the  real  ridge  of  the  Alps." — P.  289. 

It  is  right  to  mention,  that,  in  spite  of  the  apparent  satisfac- 
tion with  which  Mr.  Whitaker  seems  to  accept  the  aid  of 
Livy,  there  comes  a  moment  when  he  spurns  it  altogether.  It 
happens  that  that  historian  has  declared  in  unequivocal  terms 
that  Hannibal  did  not  come  over  the  Great  St.  Bernard :  and 

*  I  presume  this  to  be  the  place  mentioned  as  Lourtier  in  the 
very  interesting  account  of  an  excursion  in  1856  by  Mr.  W.  Mat- 
thews. See  3d  edition  of  "  Peaks  and  Passes,"  published  by  the 
Alpine  Club,  p.  23. 


CHAP.  Ill]         First  Alps :  other  points  N.  of  Isb'e.  149 

for  tliis  error,  he  falls,  pp.  133-4,  under  the  lash  of  that  para- 
mount authority  which  is  relied  on  throughout  the  work.  Mr. 
"Wliitaker  remarks  that  "  Livy's  testimony  is  of  no  weight ; 
"  that  it  is  opposed  by  the  whole  tenour  of  Polybius's  history, 
"  and  encountered  by  the  whole  tenour  of  his  own  ;"  and  thus 
condemns  him : — "  The  historian,  who  stands  striding  like  a 
"  giant  across  the  plain  and  by  the  temple  on  Great  St. 
"  Bernard,  brandishing  his  iron  mace,  and  forbidding  me  all 
"  passage  with  Hannibal  along  that  avenue,  I  am  compelled 
"  to  face,  because  he  stops  me ;  to  knock  down  because  he 
"  would  dislodge  me ;  and  to  march  over  his  prostrate  body 
"  (if  I  can)  into  Italy."  As  if  this  were  not  enough,  Mr. 
Whitaker  presently  quotes  the  heretical  opinion  of  Livy,  and 
proceeds : — "  This  is  all  a  mass  of  inaccuracy,  forgetful- 
"  ness,  and  error.  I  am  sorry  to  use  such  language  con- 
"  cerning  such  a  writer :  but  it  is  necessary  to  the  assertion 
"  of  truth  and  the  ascertainment  of  the  history.  There  is  a 
"  false  modesty  hanging  upon  every  mind  that  comes  to 
"  examine  a  writer  of  Livy's  celebrity  in  the  world  of  history, 
"  which  would  chill  the  current  of  examination,  and  bind  up 
"  the  critical  powers  of  the  judgment  in  a  kind  of  frost,  if  we 
"  were  not  on  our  guard  against  it ;  if  we  do  not  prevent  its 
"  benumbing  influence  by  continual  exercise."  i.  350. 

This  explosion  coincides  with  a  principle  before  disclosed, 
when  Mr.  Whitaker  ridicules  the  writers  "  who  feel  their 
"  weakness  too  sensibly  to  walk  upon  their  own  legs,  and  are 
"  obliged  to  hobble  on  the  crutches  of  authority."  We  look 
back  to  see  how  Mr.  Whitaker  walked  himself  without  his 
crutches,  and  gave  his  clenching  argument  for  the  Penine 
Alps.  It  was  this — that  Hannibal  came  by  a  road ;  a  formed 
road :  that  there  was  in  those  days  no  formed  road  over  the 
western  Alps :  that  the  tribes  upon  the  Alps  made  no  roads 
across  their  mountains,  nor  suffered  them  to  be  made  by 
others  :  that  they  were  in  hostility  with  all  mankind  till  the 


150  Polyhiiis  interpreted.  [part  iv. 

days  of  Augustus,  who  reduced  many  of  these  tribes,  and 
carried  along  the  mountains  a  train  of  formed  roads. 

These  ideas  are  so  laboured  by  Mr.  Whitaker  from  p.  100 
to  p.  125,  that  one  began  to  expect  that  Hannibal  cannot  have 
come  over  the  Alps  at  all.  But  at  last  a  circumstance  is 
disclosed  which  relieved  the  author  from  that  conclusion. 
It  is  this:  that  though  even  in  the  days  of  Caesar  those- 
western  Alps  were  in  a  wild  and  ferocious  state,  and  fur- 
nished no  good  passage  from  Gaul  into  Italy,  yet  in  the 
northern  Alps  there  was  such  a  passage.  Mr.  Whitaker 
appeals  to  Caesar's  account  of  Galba's  exploits,  where,  speaking 
of  the  Great  St.  Bernard,  he  says  that  he  desired  to  lay  open 
the  road  through  the  Alps,  by  which  the  merchants  had  been 
used  to  travel.  "  This,"  says  Mr.  Whitaker,  123-4,  "  shows 
us  the  one  only  formed  road  of  the  times."  And  he  adds, 
p.  124,  "  All  this  coincides  in  an  extraordinary  manner  with 
"  the  movements  of  Hannibal.  He  goes  not  towards  the 
"  Alps  of  Mont  Genevre.  He  knows  there  is  no  formed  road 
"  over  them.  He  knows  that  the  only  formed  road  is  on  the 
"  northern  side  of  the  mountains,  near  the  rise  of  the  Khone," 

We  certainly  read  that  Caesar  was  desirous  of  laying  open 
a  road  over  the  northern  Alps  ;  but  this  does  not  lead  to  the 
inference  that  Hannibal  had  found  a  well-formed  road  there 
in  earlier  times :  and,  as  to  tliose  northern  Alps  alone  being 
practicable,  we  happen  to  know  that  Caesar  had  in  his 
previous  campaign  himself  crossed  the  western  Alps,  carrying 
his  army  over  the  Genfevre  in  his  expedition  to  stop  the 
Helvetii.  Mr.  Whitaker  anticipates  this  remark,  and  disarms 
it,  by  admitting  that  Caesar  did  not  in  that  instance  cany 
his  legions  by  a  formed  road,  inasmuch  as  there  was  none. 
Accordingly  he  apologises  for  Caesar  having  taken  such  a 
course  of  march,  pleading  the  urgency  of  the  occasion,  p.  105, 
"  He  was  too  eagerly  bent  upon  his  plan  of  operations,  at 
"  this  grand  commencement  of  his  Gallic  warfare,  to  take  the 


CHAP.  III.]        First  Alps:  other  'points  N. of  Mre.  161 

"  customary  way  fix)m  Italy  to  France.  He  wanted  to  push 
"  directly  into  the  north  of  Dauphiny.  He  entered  the  Alps 
"  at  Ocelum,  that  is,  Exilles :  he  turned  off  short  on  his  right 
"  at  once :  passed  Mont  Cenis  close  on  his  right,  and  Mont 
"  Gen^vre  remotely  on  his  left :  and  he  fell  in  probably  with 
"  the  line  of  the  future  road  from  Grenoble  to  Brian9on  at 
"  Villars  d'Arenes." 

On  one  point  we  shall  agree  here  with  Mr.  Whitaker ; 
namely,  that  in  Caesar's  time  there  was  no  formed  road  from 
Exilles  or  anywhere  near  it  across  country  to  Villars  d'Arenes  : 
we  would  assent,  if  he  had  said  that  there  never  will  be. 
But,  whatever  was  Caesar's  route  from  the  inner  to  the  outer 
Province,  if  it  was  good  enough  for  him,  why  not  good  enough 
for  Hannibal?  Why  was  an  African  invading  Italy  to  be 
more  fastidious  concerning  a  formed  road  than  a  Eoman 
general  hurrying  to  a  Eoman  province?  And  was  not 
Hannibal  eagerly  bent  upon  his  plan  of  operations  ?  But  let 
us  inquire  what  could  be  Mr.  Whitaker's  ground  for  sup- 
posing that  Csesar  had  the  advantage  of  a  formed  road  in  his 
northern  Alps  and  not  in  his  western  Alps  ?  Is  it  the  word 
"  iter  "  that  haunted  his  mind,  so  as  to  warrant  the  contrast  ? 
I  see  nothing  else  in  his  quotations  that  could  suggest  this 
idea  of  a  formed  road,  as  the  peculiar  incident  of  the  northern 
track.  He  quotes,  p.  123,  "  Causa  mittendi  fuit,  qu6d  iter 
"  per  Alpes,  quo  magno  cum  periculo  magnisque  portoriis 
"  mercatores  ire  consueverant,  patefieri  volebat;"  and  then 
says,  "  These  words  show  us  the  one  only  formed  road  of  the 
times  through  the  Alpine  mountains." 

On  this  we  have  still  to  ask,  "  Why  formed  ? "  and  why 
the  only  one  ?  The  "  iter"  through  the  Penine  is  spoken  of  by 
Csesar  as  a  track  used  for  merchandise ;  but  which  he  wished 
to  improve  into  a  route  for  armies  :  for  this  purpose  it 
required  patefaction.  It  escaped  Mr.  Whitaker's  observation, 
that  Caesar  also  applies  the  word  "  iter  "  to  liis  route  over  the 


152  Polyhms  interpreted,  [part  IV. 

western  Alps :  the  difference  is,  that  he  does  not  say  that  this 
route  required  patefaction ;  indeed,  we  have  good  reason  to 
believe  that  it  had  undergone  patefaction  by  Pompey,  about 
sixteen  years  before  Caesar  resolved  to  patefy  the  Penine.  The 
word  "  iter "  was  prominent  in  Caesar's  short  account  of  his 
march  through  western  Alps :  indeed,  Mr.  Wliitaker  quotes 
every  word  of  that  account  (pp.  103 — 106),  excepting  these  : 
"  qu^  proximum  iter  in  ulteriorem  Galliam  per  Alpes  erat, 
"  ire  contendit." 

Mr.  Whitaker,  however,  could  not  be  expected  to  acknow- 
ledge Pompey  as  an  improver  of  the  Gen^vre  pass :  for  he 
informs  us,  that  that  general  had  himself  taken  advantage 
of  the  Penine  when  he  led  his  army  into  Spain ;  a  fact 
which  is  not  disclosed  by  any  authority  prior  to  Mr.  Whitaker. 
It  happens  that  Pompey,  speaking  in  a  dispatch*  of  having 
crossed  the  Alps,  says,  "  Per  eas  iter  aliud  atque  Hannibal, 
nobis  opportunius,  patefeci."  Mr.  Whitaker,  p.  123,  not 
daunted  by  these  words,  and  "in  deference  to  common  sense," 
corrects  "  aliud  "  into  "  idem  ; "  and  so  makes  Hannibal  and 
Pompey  go  the  same  road.  With  equal  facility  he  brings 
Appian  to  confirm  the  fact.  That  writer,  though  his  geo- 
graphy is  rather  queer,  plainly  states  that  Pompey  went 
a  very  different  way  from  that  of  Hannibal :  "  de  Bello  Civ." 
ii.  419.  Mr.  Whitaker,  however,  not  only  understands  that 
it  was  the  same,  but  gives  Pompey's  reason  for  pursuing  that 
line ;  a  reason  which  must  have  been  highly  satisfactory  to 
the  Eoman  Senate.  "  Pompey  declined  the  more  direct  route 
"  over  the  western  Alps,  and  took  the  circuitous  road  across 
"  the  northern,  because  this  was  Hannibal's,  and  because  he 
"  was  proud  to  emulate  Hannibal."     i.  122. 

In  summing  up  the  merits  of  the  light  which  he  has 
thrown  on  this  point  of  history,  Mr.  Whitaker  acknowledges 
his  obligation  to  the  ancient  historians  to  a  degree  beyond 

*  Salliistii  Fragmenta. 


CHAP.  III.]        First  Alps :  other  points  N,  of  Ishe.  153 

what  might  be  expected.  He  professes  to  have  conducted 
Hannibal  from  the  Rhine  to  the  Po,  "stage  by  stage,  and 
"  step  by  step,  as  the  concurring  narratives  of  Polybius  and 
"  Livy  have  held  out  the  clue.  Geography  has  united  with 
"  history  to  confirm  their  narrative  and  my  account."  ii.  p. 
230.  Notwithstanding  this  generous  expression  of  gratitude, 
I  look  upon  Mr.  Whitaker  as  exempt  from  the  foible  which 
I  impute  to  most  modern  commentators,  a  vain  desire  to 
reconcile  conflicting  testimonies:  he  swears  only  by  one 
master. 

Let  all  who  have  any  misgivings  in  favour  of  the  Great 

St.  Bernard,  study  Mr.  Wliitaker's  volumes.     They  may  rise 

from  the  perusal  cured  of  their  error.     They  will  find  much 

research  of  various  matters   drawn   from   all    ages :    much 

excellent  sentiment,  moral  and  political,  which,  though  not 

bearing  at  all  on  the  invasion  of  Italy,  well  becomes  the 

worthy  man  who   delivers  it.      He   abounds   in  historical 

illustration,  as  in  comparing  the  revolt  of  the  Segusiani  with 

the  revolutions  of  France  and  Poland ;  and  establishing  the 

Alps  of  Hannibal  by  modern  references.     If  the  publication 

had  been  delayed  till  after  the  battle  of  Marengo,  we  should 

have  had  additional  chapters,  proving  the  route  of  Hannibal 

by  that  of  l^apoleon.     The  events  told  excite  throughout  the 

feelings  of  the  writer ;  as  in  the  chastisement  which  he  inflicts 

on  the  native  obstructors  of  the  Carthaginian  progress.     The 

inhabitants  of  the  valley  of  Aosta  appear  not  to  have  molested 

the   Carthaginian  march  in  their  descent;   a  circumstance 

which  constitutes  one  of  Dr.  Arnold's  doubts  on  the  route. 

Mr.  Whitaker,  on  the  contrary,  imputes  the  great  calamities 

of  the  march  to  the  treacherous  conduct  of  that  people  :  and 

for  that  purpose  locates  them  on  the  ascent,  and  thus  rejoices 

in  the  discomfiture  of  their  machinations.     "  The  well-fabri- 

"  cated  balloon  of  Salassian  villany  had  burst  with  its  own 

"gas  within,  and  those  who  were  mounting  to  the  clouds 


154  Polyhius  iyiterpreted,  [part  iv. 

"  in  it  were  thrown  to  tlie  ground,  severely  hurt ! "  Many- 
are  his  reproofs  of  dissentient  critics.  Menetrier  and  Breval, 
who  in  their  dealings  with  Lyons  rivalled  Mr.  Whitaker 
himself,  have  this  as  their  reward :  "  The  sepulchral  lamp 
"  of  the  antiquary  goes  out  the  moment  we  come  up  to  day- 
"  light,  and  leaves  only  a  smoke  and  a  stench  behind  it." 
Equally  crushing  is  the  solemnity  with  which,  after  demon- 
strating Druentia  to  be  the  Arve,  he  condemns  some  who 
would  construe  it  the  Durance.  "  The  whole  backbone  of  the 
history  is  bent  double  by  the  violence  of  this  folly."  But  abler 
specimens  than  these  will  be  found  of  the  vituperative  powers 
of  this  writer.  He  has  faithfully  fulfilled  his  own  injunctions 
to  the  intellects  of  others  :  "  To  prevent  the  benumbing  in- 
fluence of  false  modesty  by  continual  exercise." 

There  is  an  author,  a  man  I  believe  of  high  reputation, 
who,  in  his  zeal  to  fulfil  one  of  the  conditions  of  Polybius, 
violates  all  the  rest,  still  further  pursuing  the  valley  of  the 
Ehone, — M.  Arneth,  Director  of  the  Museum  at  Vienna.  His 
views  on  the  subject  were  published  in  the  "  Wiener  Jahr- 
bucher"  for  1823,  and  they  are  criticised,  as  well  as  those 
of  Dr.  Ukert,  by  Dr.  Thirlwall  in  the  third  volume  of  the 
"  Philological  Museum."  M.  Arneth  does  not  pause  with 
Mr.  Whitaker  at  Martigny ;  but,  in  order  to  make  sure  of  a 
descent  into  the  Insubres,  and  to  bring  Hannibal  to  Milan, 
carries  the  Carthaginian  army  over  the  Simplon.  Perhaps  in 
an  improved  edition,  Hannibal  will  explore  the  Ehone  to  his 
glacier,  eVl  Ta<;  ir'qydf},  cross  the  Furca,  and  lead  the  invaders 
into  Italy  over  the  St.  Gothard. 

Through  GrenoUe  to  Fort  Barraux.    Mr,  Henry  L.  Long. 

The  notion  of  a  march  up  the  right  bank  of  the  Isere  is  likely 
enough  to  suggest  itself  to  an  observer  of  the  map  of  France. 


CHAP.  III.]         First  Alps :  other  points  N,  of  Iskre, 


155 


But  we  have  to  try  it  by  the  text  of  Polybius  :  and  if  his 
history,  rightly  construed,  shall  be  found  to  express  that 
Hannibal,  after  entering  the  Island,  still  pursued  the  valley 
of  the  Rhone,  the  theory  of  Grenoble  cannot  stand.  Other 
difficulties  present  themselves  to  the  doctrines  of  Mr. 
Long. 

The  local  features  are  known  and  admitted.  The  Oxford 
Dissertation  says,  p.  64  : — "  The  rocks  on  the  northern  bank 
"  of  the  Isere  came  formerly  so  close  to  the  river,  that  it 
"  would  have  been  impossible  to  have  turned  them."  Mr. 
Long  himself,  who  more  than  all  has  studied  the  environs  of 
Grenoble,  says,  p.  57  : — "  The  precipices  of  the  Sassenage  and 
"  the  cliffs  of  the  Grande  Chartreuse  lock  so  closely,  that  the 
"  entrance  of  the  valley  leading  to  Grenoble  is  in  some 
"  lights  absolutely  undistinguishable ;  and  we  are  at  a  loss 
"  to  know  whence  the  river  can  possibly  come."  So  speaks 
the  critic  who  is  taking  much  pains  to  prove  that  Hannibal's 
march  lay  through  the  town  of  Grenoble.  So  sensible  was 
he  that  the  army  could  not  have  passed  through  that  place 
without  opposition  from  the  AUobroges,  that  he  asserts  it  as 
the  scene  of  their  conflict  with  Hannibal.  To  obviate  the 
numerous  objections,  he  has  recourse  to  that  peculiar  inter- 
pretation of  the  text,  which  I  will  set  forth  and  examine. 

Mr.  Long's  work  is  entitled  "  The  March  of  Hannibal  from 
the  Ehone  to  the  Alps."  Now,  though  he  constantly  quotes 
two  or  three  lines  at  a  time  from  the  Greek  text,  he  never 
quotes  the  few  words  of  Polybius  which  describe  that  par- 
ticular section  of  the  march  on  which  he  writes.  He  gives, 
in  the  historian's  own  words,  the  previous  section  of  the 
march,  from  Emporium  to  the  Rhone ;  but  not  that  which 
follows,  from  the  Rhone  to  the  Alps.  Accordingly  he  never 
deals  with  those  words  of  the  39th  chapter  which  exhibit  that 
march  as  "  1,400  stadia  along  the  river."  When  he  is  upon 
the  narrative  of  events  in  c.  49,  and  is  beginning  the  march  up 


156  Poli/hiiis  interpreted,  [part  IV. 

the  Ehone,  which,  as  we  have  seen,  he  crosses  at  Tarascon,  he 
notices  the  expression  Trapa  rov  irorafjuov,  saying  that  it  shows 
the  march  from  the  passage  to  be  up  the  Ehone ;  and  he 
observes  that  that  expression  occurs  frequently  in  Polybius  : 
yet  somehow  he  seems  to  have  missed  them  in  the  earlier 
chapter,  where  that  expression  is  applied  to  the  whole  march 
from  the  Ehone  to  the  Alps.  Not  that  he  was  unacquainted 
with  that  chapter  :  for  he  fully  acknowledges  1,400  stadia  as 
the  distance  from  the  passage  to  the  Alps;  but  he  only 
connects  a  portion  of  it  with  the  Ehone.  He  exhibits  the 
component  parts  of  that  distance  in  a  way  peculiar  to  him- 
self:  he  does  the  800  as  soon  as  the  Ehone  is  crossed  ;  and, 
as  he  crosses  it  lower  down  than  most  other  interpreters, 
600  would  not  bring  him  to  the  Is^re :  so  he  takes  the  800 
to  be  from  the  crossing,  and  by  that  means  professes  to  get 
as  far  as  Valence,  saying,  p.  50 — "  The  distance  of  800  stadia, 
"  100  m.p.  '  along  the  river,'  having  expired  at  Valence,  we 
"  must  at  that  town  turn  away  from  the  Ehone,  and  con- 
"  sequently  take  the  road  leading  towards  Eomans." 

Tliis  innovation  on  Polybius  is  aided  by  another,  also 
original.  It  is  commonly  thought  that  four  days  brought 
Hannibal  along  the  river  to  the  Island ;  and  that  ten  days 
then  brought  him  800  stadia  further,  the  two  being  separate  and 
independent  efforts  of  progression ;  and  that  the  last  of  the  two 
brings  Hannibal  to  a  point,  where  an  interpreter  of  Polybius 
is  bound  to  find  a  beginning  of  Alps  for  him  to  contend  with. 

My  friend's  hypothesis  is  shortly  this — Hannibal,  crossing 
the  Ehone  at  Tarascon,  at  once  made  a  march  of-  800  stadia 
from  thence  to  Valence,  marching  it  in  four  days:  he  remained 
there  six  days,  communicating  with  certain  friendly  bar- 
barians, the  Segalauni :  a  body  of  whom  joined  their  forces 
with  his,  and  assisted  liim  in  his  progress  to  invade  the  land 
of  the  Allobroges  :  with  his  allies,  he  entered  the  Island  at 
Eomans,  and  pursued  the  present  line  of  route  to  Grenoble  : 


CHAP.  III.]         First  Alps :  other  points  N.  of  Is^re. 


157 


the  plain  country,  in  wliicli  tlieir  aid  was  of  service  to  him, 
came  to  an  end  at  Moirans,  at  which  place  they  left  him,  and 
returned  home.  Long  speaks  of  "  the  contest  between  two 
"  "brothers  for  the  sovereignty  of  some  Celtic  tribe,  the  name 
"  of  which  is  not  given  by  Polybius  ;"  but,  though  Hannibal 
assisted  one,  and  was  recompensed  with  abundant  supplies,  it 
was  not  this  party  who  attended  and  gave  security  to  the 
march  until  they  got  near  to  the  passage  of  the  Alps.  These 
are  still  the  Segalauni. 

Long  had  once  thought  with  the  Oxford  Dissertation  ;  but 
is  sincere  in  his  new  opinions.  He  says  :  "  I  had  always,  till 
"  lately,  believed  that  the  distance  of  800  stadia  along  the 
"  Khone  ought  to  be  measured  north  of  its  confluence  with 
"  the  Isere.  But,  1.  The  thing  cannot  be  done.  2.  If  they  are 
"  measured  after  Hannibal's  arrival  at  the  Insula,  wherever 
"  they  terminate,  the  Alps  ought  to  begin." 

I  hope  I  have  shown,  in  a  past  chapter  on  irapa  tov 
TTora^ov,  that  the  thing  can  be  done :  and  that,  at  the  ter- 
mination of  the  800  stadia,  the  Alps  do  begin,  the  Mont  du 
Chat  being  the  dva^oXi]. 

I  may  give  quotations  of  Long's  own  words  to  the  contrary. 
In  p.  44,  having  quoted  in  Greek  the  first  sentence  of  the 
50th  chapter,  he  translates  it  thus  : — "  Hannibal,  after  ten 
"  days,  having  marched  along  the  Ehone  to  the  distance  of 
"  800  stadia,  began  the  ascent  towards  the  Alps."  He  pro- 
ceeds : — "  The  historian  here  sums  up  the  time  and  distance 
"  passed  by  Hannibal  on  the  banks  of  the  Ehone  previous  to 
"  his  striking  away  from  that  river  towards  the  Alps.  The 
"  800  stadia  is  exactly  the  distance  between  Tarascon  and 
"  Valence ;  and  the  ten  days  seem  to  be  composed  of  the 
"  four  days'  march  from  Tarascon,  added  to  six,  which  we  may 
"  safely  assign  as  the  period  of  his  stay  among  the  friendly 
"  barbarians."  Long  had  already  said,  p.  37  : — "  In  my  own 
*  mind  I  have  not  the  slightest  doubt  but  that  Valence  was 


158      .  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  IV. 

"  the  scene  of  these  operations."  Now  it  was  likely  that  a 
reader  would  be  startled  at  hearing  of  an  ascent  from  Valence : 
this  is  indicated  in  p.  47,  where  Long  points  out  that  the 
avapoKri  was  tt/jo?  ra?  'AX-Trei?,  "  towards  the  Alps  " — not 
Twv  'AX-TTfewj',  "  of  the  Alps."  Now  let  us  try  to  imagine  some 
practical  difference  between  the  expressions  :  my  friend  cannot 
profit  by  it  here :  he  plainly  contradicts  the  history.  Long 
says  that  Hannibal  began  the  dva^oXr}  7rp6<i  from  Valence, 
when  the  ally  joined  him.  Polybius  says  that  Hannibal 
began,  the  ava^oXrj  tt/jo?  from  Valence,  when  the  ally  had  left 
him.  As  to  the  other  difficulty,  no  conjecture  is  offered,  to 
account  for  four  days  meaning  ten. 

Such  is  the  success  with  which  this  theory  directs  us  to 
Grenoble.  Wlien  we  have  got  through  that  place,  we  must 
keep  a  look-out  for  making  up  the  1,400  stadia.  The  features 
of  the  country  are  well  and  pleasantly  described  from  p.  52  to 
83  :  and  anecdotes  are  introduced  for  illustrating  the  history 
of  the  district  in  modern  times.  As  regards  the  subject  of 
the  work,  the  march  to  the  Alps,  the  effort  is  to  make  us 
apprehend  that  the  combat  with  the  AUobroges,  told  by 
Polybius,  was  quite  unconnected  with,  and  still  distant  from 
Alps.  The  way  under  the  cliff  by  the  river  being  in  those 
days  impracticable,  Hannibal  and  his  chosen  band  are  sup- 
posed to  scale  the  heights  of  Mont  Rachais  in  the  night, 
gaining  the  advantageous  posts  which  the  enemy  had  in- 
cautiously deserted  on  retiring  to  rest  in  Grenoble  itself. 
Long  describes  his  battle  of  Grenoble  with  much  spirit, 
still  insisting  that  no  Alpine  character  belongs  to  the 
Polybian  scene  of  action,  or  to  his  own.  He  points  out, 
that  our  Mont  du  Chat,  being  at  the  other  end  of  the  same 
chain  of  mountains,  is  far  too  Alpine  to  represent  the  scene  of 
the  combat,  and  assumes  that  the  narrative  does  not  even 
connect  that  combat  with  Alps.  He  exhibits  his  own  appre- 
hension of  the  history  : — "Instead  of  Alps,  we  meet  with  ^ 


CHAP.  III.]         First  Al^is:  other  points  N.  oflsere,  159 

"  battle  and  the  capture  of  a  town.  Nothing  implies  the 
"  difficulties  attendant  on  any  arduous  ascent  and  descent. 
"  Now  in  the  Mont  du  Chat  they  would  have  had  to  en- 
"  counter  as  severe  a  mountain  for  its  elevation  as  any  to  be 
"  met  with  in  the  high  Alps." — Pp.  46  and  77. 

In  furtherance  of  these  views  in  favour  of  Grenoble,  Long 
translates  iroceta-daL  ttjv  avajSoXrjv  to  make  a  passage,  and  so 
spares  the  invaders  the  labour  of  ascent:  at  the  same  time 
he  exaggerates  the  severity  of  our  mountain  the  Mont  du 
Chat.     Now,  though  the  ascent  to  that  col  from  the  west 
must  always  have  been  easy,  the  descent   to  the  lake  of 
Bourget,  then  unimproved  by  art,  was  exceedingly  steep  and 
hazardous.     This  character  Long  does  not  recognise  as  be- 
longing to  the  description  of  Polybius :  but,  if  that  descrip- 
tion is  carefully  studied,  every  expression   for   defiles  and 
precipices,  every  term   for    mountainous    obstruction,  that 
occurs  afterwards  in  the  Polybian  account  of  the  dangers  of 
the  higher  range,  snow  only  excepted,  will  be  found  in  the 
tale  of  the  AUobrogian  conflict.     Such  things  indeed  are  not 
wanting  in  Long's  own  history  of  the  battle :  when  he  grows 
warm  upon  the  beauties  and  the  terrors  of  the  Grenoble 
scenery,  a  semblance  of  Alpine  things  betrays  itself :  "  Arid 
"  walls   of    precipitous   mountains  —  towering   precipices  — 
"  stupendous  crags — cliffs  and  rocky  heights — shaggy  steeps 
"  — scuffling  on  the  brink  of  a  precipice : "  and  at  last,  p.  78, 
"  Hannibal,  at  height  of  at  least  a  thousand  feet  above  his 
"  own  men,  charging  down  the  hill." 

As  one  error  leads  to  another,  a  marked  variance  appears 
in  the  dates  of  progress  between  Polybius  and  his  interpreter. 
According  to  the  history,  the  ten  days  along  the  river  to  the 
Alps  are  followed  by  nine  days  of  ascent  to  the  summit. 
According  to  Long,  those  ten  days  are  between  Tarascon  and 
Valence ;  viz.  four  of  marching  and  six  without  marching : 
and  at  Valence  begins  the  dva^oXr}  irpo^  Ta<;  "A\7ret9 :  two 


IGO  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  iv. 

days  later  Hannibal  crosses  the  Is^re  (p.  84),  j^ien  in  two 
days  more  gets  to  Moirans ;  and  in  two  days  more  assaults 
and  captures  Grenoble,  and  halts  for  a  day :  then  in  two  days 
more  reaches  Chapereillan :  and,  the  dva^oXrj  irpo^  being 
finished,  he  begins  the  dvafioXrj  tmv  "kXireoav,  p.  89.  The 
progress  is  told  thus  : — "  We  roll  along  the  post-road  through 
"  the  glorious  vale  of  Gresivandan,  and  meet  no  obstacle 
"  in  the  shape  of  hills  until  we  arrive  at  the  village  of  La 
"  Buissike,  lying  at  the  foot  of  the  heights  of  Fort  Barraux — 
"  the  Is^re  runs  immediately  under  the  heights  of  Fort 
"  Barraux,  compelling  the  road  to  ascend  at  once  the  hills 
"  near  the  fort,  and  to  approach  Mont  Meillan  by  the  way  of 
"  Chapereillan.  This  is  the  first  ascent  we  have  encountered : 
"  and,  associated  with  the  changes  in  the  country  above- 
"  mentioned,  and  its  distance,  which  begins  to  be  about  two 
"  days'  march  from  Grenoble,  it  is  sufficient  to  induce  us  to 
"  conjecture  that  we  must  be  at  or  near  the  dvafioXr]." 
—P.  89,  &c. 

I  have  endeavoured  fairly  to  set  forth  a  very  curious  theory, 
invented  by  one  capable  of  doing  justice  to  a  better  cause. 
Like  many  others,  he  has  allowed  himself  to  indulge  in  a 
fancy :  all  is  subservient  to  Grenoble :  we  see  in  the  lively 
expressions  of  the  author's  feelings  how,  as  he  says  himself, 
his  convictions  have  been  aided  by  an  examination  of  the 
country.  Examples  abound  of  this  influence : — "  It  is  quite 
"  impossible  to  hesitate  for  a  moment,  in  perceiving  that  this 
"  place  of  Hannibal's  encampment  tt/^o?  raU  vTrepj3oXal<i 
"  was  at  Moirans  or  in  its  immediate  vicinity.  It  is  so 
"  clearly  just  in  front  of  the  heights  of  the  Grande  Char- 
"  treuse,  and  so  ostensible  a  situation  for  a  halt,  while  the 
"  plans  of  the  enemy  in  advance  were  investigated,  that  no 
"  doubt  can  be  entertained  on  the  subject."  "  Such  is  the 
"  country  and  such  the  objects  we  come  upon  at  La  Bui- 
"  serade :  the  first  burst  of  it  all  upon  the  view  is  sufficient 


CHAP.  III.]         First  Alps  :  other  points  K  of  Mre.  161 

"  to  show,  that  here,  along  these  declivities  and  rocky 
"  heights,  are  the  hvcFxayplai,  through  which  the  Carthaginians 
"  had  of  necessity  to  pass.  There,  at  the  Bastile,  are  the 
"  evKaipoL  TOTTOL,  the  advantageous  positions,  commanding  the 
"  road  across  Mont  Eachais,  daily  guarded  by  the  AUobroges. 
"  And  in  Grenoble,  the  ancient  Cularo,  we  find,  beyond  all 
"  doubt,  the  '  adjacent  town,'  to  which  they  retired  during 
"  the  night."  "  Whatever  security  we  may  have  experienced 
"  in  fixing  upon  Moirans  as  the  place  of  his  last  encamp- 
"  ment,  is  nothing  compared  with  the  certainty  with  which 
"  we  now  see  him  taking  up  a  position  at  La  Buiserade.  No 
"  doubt  then  can  exist  as  to  the  exact  spot  of  this  encamp- 
*'  ment."  Thus  fascinated  by  the  illusions  of  his  own  senses, 
has  a  professed  disciple  of  Polybius  been  enabled  "  to  set 
this  long  pending  discussion  at  rest  for  ever." 

We  may  sympathise  with  the  fervour  of  such  imaginations, 
without  accepting  their  aid  to  the  decision  of  a  critical 
questioiL  They  were  induced  by  the  contemplation  of 
striking  scenery,  and  they  disturbed  the  author's  earlier  and 
more  sober  apprehension  of  the  Greek  narrative.  The  result 
was  that  through  Grenoble  the  march  must  go :  and  the 
1,400  stadia  will  reach  farther  up  the  Isere  than  the  critic 
would  desire :  therefore  it  begins  at  Tarascon.  Still  there 
was  this  difficulty ;  that  the  600  stadia,  commonly  supposed 
to  bring  you  to  the  Island,  would  be  exhausted  short  of  the 
Island.  So  the  800  are  taken  first,  and  the  600  afterwards  : 
the  princely  combatants  become  Segalauni  instead  of  AUo- 
broges :  Valence  savours  of  Alps,  Grenoble  disclaims  them. 
All  for  an  hypothesis  ! 

Long,  though  at  last  he  goes  over  the  right  mountain,  sadly 
dislocates  the  chronology  of  the  march  in  doing  so.  Polybius 
represents  Hannibal  as  fighting  his  way  over  the  first  Alps 
before  he  reaches  the  Allobrogian  town.  Long  finds  the 
Allobrogian  town  first,  and  his  Alps   two  days  afterwards. 

VOL.  I  M 


1 62  Polyhms  interpreted.  [part  IV. 

Instead  of  reaching  the  summit  with  Polybius  on  the  ninth 
day  from  the  beginning  of  Alps,  being  the  seventh  day  from 
the  Allobrogian  town,  he  gets  there  on  the  ninth  day  from  the 
town,  and  the  seventh  from  the  beginning  of  Alps.  Long 
wrote  to  correct  our  common  friends  the  authors  of  the  Dis- 
sertation ;  prescribing  Tarascon  for  Eoquemaure :  800  stadia 
as  four  days'  march :  Grenoble  as  the  place  assaulted.  Un- 
happily for  me,  beyond  the  summit,  he  agrees  with  them  in 
the  only  point  on  which  I  think  them  wrong ;  namely,  where 
they  make  the  historian  to  contradict  himself,  and  impute 
eighteen  days  to  his  Alps  instead  of  fifteen. 

I  cannot  suppose  that  any  remonstrance  will  cure  my  friend 
of  his  theory.  The  most  likely  prescriptions  I  can  recommend 
are,  1.  That  he  will  read  once  more  the  39th,  49th,  and  50th 
chapters  of  Polybius.  2.  That  he  will  take  into  consideration 
these  words  of  Dr.  Thirlwall :—  "  Polybius  contrasts  the  march 
"  along  the  plain  with  the  ascent  of  the  mountains,  in  a 
"  manner  which  clearly  implies  that  the  latter  begins  at  the 
"  end  of  the  ten  days'  march."    Fliil.  Mus.  ii.  67o. 


Notice  of  Grenoble  by  Dr.  Liddell. 

It  is  fair  to  my  friend,  Mr.  Long,  to  say  that  a  distinguished 
scholar,  the  latest  historian  on  the  subject,  has  said  that  the 
track  of  Hannibal  lay  near  Grenoble.  These  are  the  words 
of  Dr.  Liddell,  in  which  he  narrates  the  Carthaginian  progress 
beyond  the  Iske  to  the  ava/SoXt],  i.  340  : — 

"  Hannibal  continued  his  march  up  the  Ehone,  and  crossing 
"  the  Iske,  found  himself  in  the  plains  of  Dauphin^,  then 
"  inhabited  by  the  Allobrogian  Gauls.  He  marched  thus  far 
"  in  a  northerly  direction,  about  one  hundred  miles  beyond 
"  the  place  where  he  had  crossed  the  river,  at  the  invitation  of 
"  a  chieftain  who  was  contending  for  the  dominion  of  the  tribe 
"  with  his  younger  brother.     Hannibal's  veterans  soon  put 


CHAP.  III.]         First  Alps:  other  points  N.o/  Isere. 


163 


"  the  elder  brother  in  possession ;  and  the  grateful  chief 
"  furnished  the  army  with  a  quantity  of  arms  and  clothing, 
"  and  entertained  them  hospitably  for  some  days.  He  then 
"  guided  them  to  the  verge  of  his  own  dominions,  and 
"  took  his  leave.  This  must  have  brought  him  to  the  point, 
"  at  which  the  Is^re  issues  from  the  lower  range  of  the  Alps, 
"  somewhere  near  the  present  fortress  of  Grenoble.  Up  to 
"  this  point  there  is  little  doubt  as  to  the  route  taken  by 
"  Hannibal :  but  after  this  all  is  doubtful." 

Up  to  this  point  the  words  of  this  author  seem  rather  to 
conduct  us  to  Les  Echelles  :  the  introduction  of  the  Is^re  and 
Grenoble  negatives  the  Mont  du  Chat.  The  particulars  of 
the  controversy  on  the  Carthaginian  march  are  not  minutely 
entered  into :  but  in  proceeding  to  Italy  an  opinion  is  occa- 
sionally expressed ;  and  I  will  notice  the  following  : — 

Vol.  i.  p.  341. — "  In  seven  days  after  Hannibal  began  the 
"  ascent,  did  he  reach  the  summit .  Polybius  says  nine :  but 
"  this  must  include  the  two  days'  halt  at  the  top  of  th^ 
*'  pass."  I  confess  I  think  nine  to  be  right ;  that  is,  that 
Polybius  is  supported  by  his  context. 

P.  342. — "  The  last  year's  snow  frozen  into  ice,  lay  thick  at 
"  the  top  of  the  pass,  and  fresh  snow  began  to  fall,  which 
"  covered  the  traces  of  the  path."  Here  I  would  observe, 
that  we  do  not  read  about  the  last  year's  snow  at  the  top  of 
the  pass ;  but  at  a  very  much  lower  level ;  and  there  it  is 
quite  accounted  for. 

I  am  pleased  at  least  to  know,  that  Dr.  Liddell's  pass  is  not 
doubtful.  He  says,  "  Hannibal  descended  among  the  moun- 
tains of  the  Salassians."  Though  the  Penine,  as  weU  as 
the  Graiau,  would  have  led  him  through  the  Salassians,  he 
was  not  likely  to  be  there  after  being  just  behind  Grenoble. 

It  is  further  said,  in  a  note  to  343,  that  General  Melville 
carried  Hannibal  into  the  Insubrian  country,  and  so  back  to 
Turin.     I  cannot  know  whether  the  General  ever  said  "  back 

M  2 


IQ^  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  iv. 

to  Turin."     I  should  not  so  express  his  opinions,  so  far  as 
M.  De  Luc  has  reported  them. 

Also  it  is  said  that  "  others  foUow  Livy  in  taking  Hannibal 
"  from  Grenoble  up  the  Eomanche,  and  so  over  the  Genevre 
"  down  to  Turin."  I  am  not  aware  that  any  but  Folard  have 
so  construed  the  route  of  Livy  from  the  Tske.  It  is  true  that 
all  our  critics  speak  of  Turin  (i.e.  Augusta  Taurinorum)  as 
existing  in  the  time  of  Hannibal :  but  I  am  not  aware  that 
any  authority  is  cited  for  it. 


CHAPTEE  IV. 

Theories  of  tracks  south  of  Isere. 

If  it  has  been  satisfactorily  shown,  that  the  march  issued 
from  the  Island  by  the  Mont  du  Chat  into  the  vale  of 
Chambery,  the  foundation  of  all  theories  of  a  progress 
south  of  Is^re  from  the  confluence  of  the  rivers  is  shaken. 
Whether  the  expedition  is  supposed,  on  retreating  from  the 
Island,  to  move  down  the  Ehone  again,  or  to  ascend  the 
Is^re,  these  suppositions  can  be  indulged  no  longer,  if  the 
Mont  du  Chat  is  recognised  as  the  ava^oXij  reached  by  the 
valley  of  the  Ehone. 

Each  route  invites  notice  on  the  five  requisites  of  Polybius. 
To  some  extent  this  has  been  given,  by  contrasting  the  views 
of  others,  when  explaining  my  own.  "When  not  done  already, 
I  will  point  out  the  errors,  as  they  may  occur  to  me.  To  this 
hour  men  of  learning  and  renown  have  been  driving  against 
our  hypothesis  of  the  Graian  Alp  :  and  the  charm  of  names 
is  to  be  dispelled.  Accordingly,  each  combatant,  though 
he  may  have  stumbled  irrecoverably  in  an  early  part  of  his 
course,  shall  nevertheless  be  watched  to  the  end  of  it,  or  so 
far  as  he  may  have  developed  his  scheme.     In  the  further 


CHAP.  IV.]  First  Alps:  points  S.  of  Ishre.  165 

progress  after  reaching  tlie  Alps,  the  Cenisians  will  claim 
the  chief  notice :  for  they  labour  their  case  to  the  end,  and 
with  a  perseverance  not  shown  by  others. 

Some  method  is  to  be  observed  in  bringing  to  notice  the 
rival  plans,  so  that  each  may  be  made  intelligible,  and  com- 
ments upon  them  be  apprehended  without  confusion.  It 
seems  convenient  to  set  them  out  in  some  geographical  order, 
as  from  the  confluence  of  the  rivers ;  first  taking  the  scheme 
by  which  Hannibal,  after  his  concerns  at  the  Island,  is  made 
to  retrace  his  steps  far  down  the  Ehone :  then  those  which 
go  down  the  Ehone,  but  not  so  far :  then  that  which,  going 
along  the  Isere,  bends  from  it  to  the  Drac :  then  that 
which  leaves  the  Drac  for  the  Eomanche :  then  that  which 
parts  from  the  Is^re  between  Grenoble  and  Montmelian  ;  and 
lastly,  that  which  bends  from  La  Chavane  to  Aiguebelle  and 
the  Arc.  Thus  they  may  be  taken,  as  they  radiate  more  and 
more  eastward  from  the  common  beginning  near  the  mouth 
of  the  Isere. 

There  will  still  remain  two  theories,  not  brought  under  this 
arrangement :  one  in  which  Hannibal  never  has  bent  towards 
the  Isere  at  all :  and  one  in  which  he  moves  still  more  north, 
and  has  Mont  Blanc  for  his  XevKoirerpov.  The  former  will 
receive  a  short  separate  notice :  as  to  the  latter,  I  had  an 
opportunity  of  challenging  it,  when  sojourning  in  the  district 
whence  it  sprang :  and  that  small  act  of  warfare  shall  tell 
its  own  tale,  as  I  gave  it  from  Chamb^ry  in  September,  1854. 


1.  Doivn  the  Rhone  again  to  St.  Paul-trois-Chdteaux :  thence 
across  country  to  the  Alps  of  the  Uhaye.  The  Marquis  de 
St.  Simon. 

This  course  is  urged  in  a  long  preface  to  the  author's 
history  of  the  campaign  in  the  Alps  of  1744.  Having 
carried   Hannibal   over  the  Is^re  into  the  Island  near  St. 


166  Polylius  interpreted.  [PAET IV. 

Marcellin,  30  miles  above  the  mouth,  he  proceeds  to  Yienne  : 
from  that  place  he  supposes  him  to  march  down  the  Ehone 
again  as  far  as  St.  Paul-trois-Chateaux,  before  he  bends  away 
in  search  of  the  dvafioXrj,  which  he  finds  at  last  in  going  up 
the  Ubaye.     (Quoted  by  Larauza,  Hist.  Critique  61,  215). 

This  curious  march,  which  should  be  800  stadia,  and  ten 
days  from  the  mouth  of  Is^re,  does  not  well  answer  to  that 
time  or  to  that  distance  ;  nor  is  much  of  it  oo?  eVl  Ta<;  77777^19. 
As  little  does  it  suit  the  tenor  of  the  history.  The  history  pre- 
scribes a  march  of  1,400  stadia  from  the  crossing  of  the  Ehone 
to  the  Alps,  along  a  river.  The  progression  cannot  be  fulfilled 
by  a  lengthened  doubling  upon  the  track,  unless  matter  of 
context  should  be  found,  warranting  such  construction.  But 
there  is  not  a  word  in  the  history  which  countenances  the 
notion,  that  in  this  or  in  any  respect  Hannibal  ever  altered 
his  course  from  that  which  he  at  first  designed. 

The  latter  part  of  the  Marquis's  line  to  the  Alps  is  not 
more  Polybian  than  the  first.  Having  marched  down  the 
Ehone  again  nearly  to  where  he  crossed  it,  he  performs  some 
hundreds  of  stadia  more,  in  search  of  mountains  ;  reaches  the 
valley  of  the  Durance  above  Tallard  ;  attends  that  river  for 
a  time ;  and,  turning  from  it  up  the  Ubaye,  finds  the  ava^oXrf 
"AXttccov  in  a  defile  on  this  river. 

This  critic  has  not  explained  the  efficiency  of  Hannibal's 
cavalry  in  his  cross  cut  from  St.  Paul  to  Tallard  :  and,  though 
a  plain  country  favourable  to  his  cavalry  ought  to  have  given 
him  advantages  before  he  approached  the  Alps,  the  plain  in 
which  he  rejoices  is  only  in  the  angle  made  by  the  Durance 
and  the  Ubaye  above  La  Breoule.  His  Allobroges,  as  might 
be  expected,  rest  their  claims  on  etjrmology. 

This  commentator  will  presently  be  joined  by  an  English- 
man, and  by  some  means  each  will  fancy  himself  at  the 
Viso. 


CHAP.  IV.] 


First  Alps :  points  S.  of  Is^re. 


167 


2.  From  Valence  hy  Die  and  Luc  to  Remollon  on  the  Durance. 
General  Vaudoncourt,  and  General  St.  Cyr  Nugues. 

These  commentators  march  to  theii*  first  Alps  from  Valence. 
Proceeding  by  Chabreuil,  Crest,  Die,  Luc,  Mont  Saleon  and 
Upaix,  they  find  their  object  near  Tallard  on  the  Durance. 
General  Vaudoncourt  marks  his  avafidX-q  thus,  p.  45 : — ''  ^tant 
"  arriv^  a  Tallard,  Annibal  s'arrete  au  pied  des  montagnes  :  il 
"  s'approche  jusqu'  aux  bords  de  la  Vence,  au  pied  d'un 
"  defile  qui  s'etend  jusqu'  ^  pr^s  Eemollon."  His  Allobrogian 
town  is  Chorges. 

In  vindicating  their  march  of  800  from  Valence,  these 
generals  exercise  rather  an  arbitrary  discipline  over  the 
manuscripts.  Not  thinking  the  river  a  necessary  accom- 
paniment of  the  march  of  800  stadia  to  the  first  Alps, 
General  Vaudoncourt  dispenses  with  it  thus : — "  Le  passage 
"  est  ^videmment  alt^re  :  le  genitif  k  M  change  en  accusatif 
"  par  erreur  et  caprice,  des  copistes :  ainsi  il  faut  lire  h, 
"  Ehodano  et  non  pas  propter  Ehodanum."  General  St.  Cyr 
jNTugues  in  accordance  with  this  idea  substitutes  airo  for 
irapd ;  so  as  to  express  the  idea,  "  en  s'eloignant  du  fleuve." 
Now  I  cannot  think  that  this  exchange  of  ideas  would  be 
satisfactory :  diro  would  not  instruct  you  on  the  direction 
of  the  march  so  well  as  irapd.  Also  those  who  propose  the 
change  ought  to  make  it  more  largely :  Trap'  avrov  rov 
TTorafiov  describes  the  march  of  1,400  stadia  in  c.  39,  of 
which  the  800  is  a  part ;  the  prior  part  (600)  being  from  the 
crossing  to  the  Island.  Polybius  applies  Trapd  to  each  part, 
and  to  the  whole.  But  these  generals  have  not  told  us  to 
change  irapd  into  diro  in  the  other  two  instances,  which  seems 
necessary  for  their  consistency.  Indeed,  if  "  s'eloignant  du 
fleuve "  should  become  the  amendment  of  the  earlier  part  of 
the  1,400,  Hannibal  should  strike  away  across  country  to  the 
Alps  as  soon  as  he  has  crossed  the  Ehone  :  and  the  two 
generals  might  as  well  have  adopted  the  theory  of  M.  Portia 


168  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  I  v. 

d'Urban,  who,  in  order  to  march  through  his  own  estate, 
makes  Hannibal  go  direct  from  the  Eygues  to  the  Po.  But 
in  that  General  St.  Oyr  IsTugues  could  not  have  joined  him : 
he  had  local  attachments  as  well  as  the  accola  of  the  Eygues  ; 
he  announces,  p.  9,  "  Je  suis  habitant  des  bords  de  I'lsere." 
We  shall  see  soon,  that  this  fact  has  some  value  :  it  makes 
the  general  a  sound  witness  on  the  banks  of  that  stream, 
though  it  does  not  make  him  an  authority  on  manuscripts. 

3.  Tip  the  hire  and  the  Brae  to  St.  Bonnet.    M.  Letronne  and 
M.  Ba7id4  de  Lavalette. 

The  inventor  of  this  theory,  which  discloses  the  first  Alps 

at   St.  Bonnet  on  the  Drac,  is  M.  Letronne ;   "  san^  hand 

spernendus  auctor : "  a  man  of  literary  eminence,  and  the 

first  assailant  of  M.  De  Luc.     In  two  papers  of  the  Journal 

des  Savans,  1819,  he  thus  explains  the  Carthaginian  progress 

to  the  dvafioXrj  tmv  'AXttcwv,  which  he  seems  to  identify  with 

"  I'entreeduD^partement  desHautes  Alpes" — "  Annibal  arrive 

"  sur  le  bord  de  I'ls^re,  marcha  dix  jours  le  long  de  ce  fleuve, 

"jusqu'^  la  mont^e  des  Alpes.      Parvenu  au  confluent   de 

"  ris^re  avec  le  Drac  (qui  dit-on,  avoit  alors  lieu  un  peu  au 

"  dessus  de  Grenoble,  pr^s  de  Gi^re,)  il  ne  traversa  ni  I'ls^re 

"  ni  le  Drac,  torrent  extremement  large  et  impetueux  a  son 

"  embouchure :  il  remonta  ce  torrent,  que  sa  largeur  dut  lui 

"  faire  prendre  pour  la  m^me  riviere  que  Tlsere.     II  le  suivit 

"  jusqu'  au  dixi^me  jour,  dans  I'espace  de  huit  cents  stades,  k 

"  compter  du  point  ou  il  avoit  trouve  I'ile  des  Allobroges. 

"  Cette  mesure  prise  le  long  de  I'lsere  et  du  Drac,  porte  a 

"  Saint  Bonnet,  a  1' entree  du  departement  des  Hautes  Alpes. 

"  Jusque-1^  dit  Polybe,  I'arm^e  s'etoit  trouvee  enplaine  :  alors 

"  elle  commen9a  a  gravir  les  Alpes."     It  is  the  distinguished 

writer  of  these  words,  who  ventured  to  designate  the  theory 

of  M.  De  Luc  as  "  une  opinion  insoutenable  jusqu'  au  point 

d'etre  absurds." 


CHAP.  IV.]  First  Alps:  points  8.  of  Islrt,  169 

Time  and  Distance. — Time  of  travelling  will  depend  not 
only  on  distance,  but  on  character  of  country,  on  impedi- 
ments, whether  of  nature  or  art.  Much  of  M.  Letronne's 
track,  though  he  calls  it  all  plain,  is  through  a  difficult  country, 
both  up  the  left  bank  of  the  Is^re,  and  the  left  bank  of  the 
Drac ;  and,  though,  on  arriving  at  St.  Bonnet  he  says  here 
is  my  dva^o\r}"A\7r6cov,  and  proclaims,  "Jusque  1^  I'armee 
s'etoit  trouv^e  en  plaine,"  some  will  consider  that  he  plunges 
deep  into  Alps,  to  find  the  beginning  of  Alps  ;  and  that  the 
conformity  of  his  track  requires  to  be  considered  under  the 
next  head. 

Plain  favourable  to  Cavalry. — ^We  know,  from  Polybius,  that 
the  march  of  the  army  in  company  with  the  ally,  after  being 
refitted  by  him,  was  through  plain  country,  eV  eVtTreSot?, 
where  the  enemy,  hovering  about  and  threatening  their  pro- 
gress, was  deterred  from  attack  by  fear  of  the  Carthaginian 
cavalry ;  and  that  this  was  the  case  till  they  were  near  to  the 
first  ascent.  M.  Letronne's  course  of  plain  is  in  two  parts  : 
that  which  borders  the  left  bank  of  Is^re,  and  that  which 
borders  the  left  bank  of  the  Drac.  I  believe  that  his  plain 
up  the  former  river  will,  after  the  first  few  miles,  be  found  to 
fail  him.  Perhaps  he  had  no  personal  acquaintance  with  the 
country.  Indeed,  not  one  of  those  who  follow  that  south 
bank  of  Is&re  and  call  it  plain,  profess  that  they  have  ever 
seen  it :  none  have  spoken  in  a  way  which  directly  offers 
their  personal  credit  to  the  advantages  of  it  for  cavalry. 
While  they  follow  the  windings  of  the  stream,  there  is  a 
careful  abstaining  from  responsible  assertion  of  the  character 
of  the  banks. 

In  questioning  this  river  march  of  my  adversaries,  I  do  not 
bind  them  to  "  son  lit ;"  I  will  allow  their  vaUeys  the  scope 
which  belongs  to  them,  though  none  is  allowed  to  our  valley 
of  the  Ehone  ;  my  doubt  is  whether  any  scope  can  be  found 
in  the  adjacent  country  for  their  cavalry  to  take  advantage  of. 


170  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  IV. 

In  the  Oxford  Dissertation  it  is  said,  p.  157,  "  Some  of  the 
"  highest  of  the  secondary  chains  of  the  Alps  take  their  rise 
"  immediately  to  the  south  of  the  Isere,  and  very  much  lower 
"  down  the  river  than  Grenoble.  There  never  was  any  Eoman 
"  road  on  the  south  bank  of  the  Isere,  between  Valence  and 
"  Grenoble,  and  the  road  which  now  exists  there  is  barely 
"  passable,  and  nothing  more  than  a  mere  communication 
"  from  one  village  to  another,  and  it  is  indeed  only  laid  down 
"  in  maps  of  a  very  large  scale."  I  have  referred  to  Cassini's 
map,  where  it  is  not  laid  down  at  all :  a  route  will  probably 
be  given  in  the  great  map  of  France  which  is  now  in  pro- 
gress, General  St.  Cyr  Nugues,  repudiating  this  as  the  line 
of  Hannibal,  says,  "  De  hautes  montagnes  escarpees  y  bordent 
"  ITsere,  depuis  les  environs  de  Pont-en-Eoyaus  jusque  vers 
"  Sassenage ;.  la  dominent  et  en  resserrent  le  cours,  parti- 
"  culierement  vis-a-vis  Moirans,  ou  le  rocher  fait  une  enorme 
«  saillie." 

There  is  also  an  amusing  and  most  honest  confirmation  of 
the  true  character  of  the  river  bank  that  I  speak  of,  in  the 
comment  of  M.  Bande  de  Lavalette,  who  adopts  M.  Letronne's 
track,  following  him  to  St.  Bonnet.  M.  Larauza's  scheme  of 
progress  had  corresponded  with  theirs,  as  far  as  the  Drac,  and 
he  includes  the  whole  line  in  his  description,  "  riche  plaine  et 
fertile ;"  but,  when  he  escapes  from  them  into  the  plain  of 
Gresivaudan,  he  exposes  the  roughness  of  their  further  march 
to  St.  Bonnet,  saying,  p.  53  : — "  Lorsque  de  ce  point  (Grenoble) 
"  Ton  prend  k  droite  pour  suivre  le  cours  du  Drac  dans  le 
"  direction  de  la  montagne  de  Sassenage,  on  le  voit  traversant 
"  la  plaine  de  Grenoble,  a  peine  k  deux  ou  trois  lieues  de  la 
"  ville,  s'enf oncer  deja  dans  les  gorges  que  lui  ouvrent  les 
"  Alpes.  Annibal,  en  se  dirigeant  de  ce  cote,  serait  done 
"  entre  dans  ces  montagnes,  n'ayant  fait  au  plus  que  582  stades 
"  le  long  du  fleuve." 

M.  de  Lavalette  protests  against  the  unfairness  of  this,  and 


CHAP.  IV.]  First  Alios:  points  S.  of  Islfe.  171 

says  with  much  candour  that,  if  M.  Larauza  can  be  satisfied 
with  a  march  on  the  south  shore  of  the  Is^re  below  Grenoble, 
he  is  not  the  man  to  object  to  the  valley  of  the  Drac  : — "  Si, 
"  malgr^  les  obstacles  que  parait  offrir  le  pays  situe  entre 
"  Valence  et  Grenoble,  le  savant  professeur  a  cru  qu'Annibal 
"  avait  franchi  cette  distance,  il  ne  sauroit  ^tre  admis  k  pre- 
"  senter  comme  impossible  le  trajet  de  Tembouchure  du  Drac 
"  k  St.  Bonnet " — p.  64.  This  piece  of  good  sense  might  have 
induced  its  author  to  dissent  from  M.  Letronne's  doctrine, 
"  jusque  Ik  en  plaine  ;"  a  proposition  which  is  applied  to  the 
Is^re  below  Grenoble,  as  well  as  to  the  Drac  above  it.  We 
accept  the  comment  as  the  evidence  of  a  candid  adversary, 
writing  at  Montpellier,  whose  summer  excursions  probably 
familiarised  him  with  the  romantic  side  of  the  Is^re. 

Along  the  River. — Having  admired  the  usefulness  of  M. 
Letronne's  cavalry  from  Pont-en-Eoyans  to  Sassenage,  and 
seeing  how  their  manoeuvres  still  surprise  us  in  approaching 
St.  Bonnet,  we  may  again  notice  his  fulfilment  of  the  re- 
quisite irapa  tov  Trorafxov.  In  addition  to  his  ingenuity  upon 
words,  M.  Letronne  gives  a  moral  explanation  of  the  turn 
up  the  Drac.  He  has  found  the  cause  to  be  that,  when  Han- 
nibal came  to  that  river,  he  took  it  for  the  Isere,  and  so 
followed  it.  He  has  not  told  us  where  he  picked  up  this 
anecdote :  but,  if  it  were  true,  it  would  show  that  Han- 
nibal's intention  had  been  to  proceed  along  the  Isere ;  so 
that,  instead  of  M.  Letronne's  route  by  St.  Bonnet  to  the  Mont 
Genevre,  he  must  have  designed  a  march  either  to  the  Cenis 
or  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  On  this  point  M.  Letronne  leaves 
us  quite  in  the  dark  :  he  does  not  go  on  to  say,  whether 
Hannibal  ever  discovered  his  mistake,  or  whether  he  cared 
for  it. 

March  through  Allobroges. — M.  Letronne  insisted  on  the 
position  of  the  Allobroges  as  occupants  of  the  Island,  in  the 
Jourmal  des  Savans,  Janv.   1819  :  but  objected  to  the  cir- 


172  Polybius  interpreted.  [part  I  v. 

cuitous  route  attributed  to  Hannibal  by  De  Luc,  as  "  un 
"  d(5tour  bien  Strange,  quand  il  pouvoit  arriver  a  Montmeillan 
"  en  suivant  I'lsere.  Rien  ne  rempecboit,  puisque  les  Allo- 
"  broges,  loin  de  contrarier  alors  sa  marche,  lui  fournirent  de 
"  vivres,  &c. — Quand  a  ce  que  Polybe  appelle  I'tle,  habitee, 
"  dit  il,  par  les  Allobroges,  on  ne  pent  trouver  un  canton,  &c. 
"  — Cette  lie  est  done  1  insula  Allobrogum."  He  speaks 
of  "  I'opinion  incontestable  qui  place  I'ile  entre  le  Rhone  et 
Is^re : "  and  explaining  his  own  views  of  the  route,  M. 
Letronne  says,  "C'est  a  partir  des  Allobroges  que  coin- 
mencent  les  grand  difficultes  de  la  question." 

Such  and  so  rational  were  M.  Letronne's  own  impressions. 
When  M.  De  Luc's  reply  made  him  aware  that  the  truths 
which  he  admitted  were  unfavourable  to  a  march  up  the 
Iske,  he  thus  shuffles  out  of  his  opinions — "  Cette  difficulty 
"  repose  uniquement  sur  I'opinion  qu'on  a  de  I'etendue  du 
"  pays  habite  par  les  Allobroges  a  une  ^poque  fort  posteri- 
"  eure  au  passage  d'Annibal :  mais  on  ignore  absolument 
"  si  les  Allobroges,  nation  puissante,  n'avoient  point  a  cet 
"  epoque  etendu  leur  domination  sur  la  plus  grande  partie 
"  du  Dauphine ;  en  sorte  qu'il  a  pu  avoir  toujours  a  com- 
"  battre  les  armees  Allobroges.  La  circonscription  du 
"  territoire  de  la  plupart  de  la  Gaule,  au  temps  de  Cesar 
"  d'Auguste,  est  encore  fort  incertaine :  mais  on  pent  assurer 
"  que  nous  ignorons  tout-^-fait  I'etat  des  choses  au  terns 
"  d'Annibal.  Comment  se  faire  une  objection  de  ce  qui 
"  n'est  pas  possible  de  connottre  ! " 

We  may  be  satisfied,  that  such  an  antagonist  has  no  better 
consolation  against  the  evidence  of  Csesar,  Cicero,  and  Strabo, 
to  which  in  his  simplicity  he  lately  subscribed,  than  that 
these  writers  were  not  coeval  with  Hannibal.  In  January  he 
pronounced  in  a  tone  of  some  decision,  that  the  island  which 
Polybius  describes  as  the  country  of  the  AUoJ^roges,  was 
on  the  north  of  the  Isere.     In  December  he  reconciles  himself 


CHAP.  IV.]  First  Alps:  paints  S.  of  Is^re.  173 

to  a  march  up  the  Drac  to  St.  Bonnet,  as  the  iropeia  Sta  rwv 
^AWo^plycov  KoXovfjuivayv  FaXaTcov,  and  proclaims  a  victory- 
gained  over  that  people  in  the  mountains  beyond. 


4.  By  Moirans  and  Grenohle — up  the  Drac — down  the  Lute  to 
the  Durance  near  Tallard — up  to  the  plain  of  La  Breoule 
and  to  the  defile  on  the  Uhaye.  A  member  of  the  University 
of  Cambridge.     1830. 

This  critic  takes  his  dva^oXri  from  the  Marquis  de  St. 
Simon  :  his  mode  of  getting  there  is  his  own.  Having  said 
that  "  after  a  continued  and  rapid  flight  of  four  days,  Han- 
nibal arrived  at  the  Island,"  he  conducts  the  army  through 
Moirans  to  Grenoble,  without  Allobrogian  obstruction.  He 
recrosses  the  Isere  at  Grenoble  and  proceeds  along  the  Drac 
and  by  Gap  to  the  Durance — then  across  the  latter  river  near 
Tallard,  and  for  some  miles  along  it,  to  the  valley  of  the 
Ubaye  and  the  village  of  La  Breoule  ;  and  finds  the  dvafio\r} 
"AXttccov  in  a  defile  above  that  place. 

Time  and  Distance. — As  this  author  wrote  a  book  to  show 
that  Polybius's  distances  are  wholly  without  value,  one  could 
hardly  expect  him  to  give  to  time  a  respect  which  he  denies 
to  space.  His  march  is  singularly  favoured  by  fortune.  Un- 
like Mr.  H.  Long,  he  finds  no  enemy  at  Grenoble.  Unlike 
M.  Letronne,  he  finds  no  enemy  near  St.  Bonnet — the  hostile 
population  do  not  avail  themselves  of  local  advantages  to 
disturb  him.  He  is  aware  that  the  800  stadia  are  expended: 
but  pushes  on,  calling  M.  Letronne  an  eminent  scholar,  and 
manages  a  few  additional  marches  before  he  finds  a  portion 
of  plain. 

Along  the  River. — This  author,  p.  6,  in  challenging  the 
march  to  the  Mont  du  Chat,  construes  irap'  avrov  tov 
irorafjLov  "  along  the  river  by  its  very  banks."   When,  in  p.  61, 


1 74  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  iv. 

he  applies  the  Trora/Jiov  of  the  narrative  to  his  own  route,  he 
says  that  the  river  along  which  Hannibal  marched  about  800 
stadia  in  ten  days,  must  be  the  river  Drac.  Still  his  inter- 
pretation of  irorafjuov  is  liberal :  his  text  and  his  red  line  of 
march  disclose  to  us  that  the  partiality  to  the  Drac  was  not 
exclusive  :  the  ally  seems  to  have  attended  the  march  along 
the  very  banks  not  only  of  Ehone,  Is^re,  and  Drac,  but  of 
Luie,  Durance,  and  perhaps  of  Ubaye.  He  then  turned 
homeward.  Hannibal  vanquishes  the  defile  of  the  Ubaye, 
and  captures  the  AUobrogian  town. 

Plain  country  for  Cavalry. — Though  the  march  of  this 
commentator  is  twice  as  long  as  that  of  Polybius,  he  does  not 
require  the  cavalry  to  act  till  he  is  near  the  end  of  it,  and 
just  beginning  the  ascent.  The  Allobroges,  an  unsettled 
tribe  of  barbarians,  of  whom  he  says  that  nothing  is  known 
till  200  years  after  Hannibal,  were  enraged  against  him  :  he 
fortunately  had  the  clothing  and  stores  furnished  by  the 
sovereign  of  the  island  for  assisting  him  in  the  battle  of  the 
Allobroges,  p.  60  :  he  crosses  the  Durance  near  Tallard,  then 
for  some  miles  marches  to  the  valley  of  the  Ubaye,  and 
borrows  from  the  Marquis  de  St.  Simon  these  words  of 
comfort : — "  On  voit  au-dessous  de  la  Breoule,  sur  les  bords 
de  la  Durance,  une  esp^ce  de  plaine."  The  failure  of  plain, 
and  the  scene  of  combat,  are  thus  brought  near  together  : — 
"  As  long  as  the  Carthaginians  continue  in  the  plains  leading 
"  to  La  Breoule,  ew?  ev  toI<;  eirnrehoLfi  rj<rav,  and  the  escort 
"  from  the  island  remains  to  protect  them,  they  are  un- 
"  molested  ;  but,  on  the  departure  of  their  guards,  when  they 
"  begin  to  push  forward  to  the  defiles,  they  find  them  pre- 
"  occupied  and  closed  against  them  by  the  enemy.  Hannibal, 
"  entering  the  pass  by  night,  seizes  on  the  heights.  In  the 
"  morning  the  barbarians  attack  as  they  move  slowly  out  of 
"  the  defile.  Hannibal  makes  a  descent  on  the  enemy  with 
"  entire  success,  and  captures  their  town,"  &c. — Pp.  62,  63. 


CHAP.  IV.]  First  Alps :  points  S.  q/  Iskre.  175 

Through  the  Allohroges. — In  this  advanced  region,  according 
to  the  anonymous  critic,  was  fought  the  battle  of  the  Allo- 
hroges, "  who,  on  the  departure  of  the  island  guards,  com- 
menced hostilities  against  Hannibal  as  he  began  the  ascent." 
One  hardly  expected  that  this  people  would  be  allowed  so 
great  a  stretch  of  territory ;  for  the  writer  has  recognised  the 
Vocontii  at  the  mouth  of  the  Drac,  and  is  now  tending  to 
Barcelonette.  However,  he  sustains  the  current  of  Allo- 
hroges, like  many  other  critics,  till  he  has  passed  his  chosen 
spot  for  fighting  with  them.  We  leave  him  now,  proceeding 
by  the  Chemin  Eoyal ;  but  shall  hear  of  him  again  on  the 
Col  de  Viso. 

5.   Up  the  Ishre  and  the  Romanche  hy  Bourg  d^Oysayis  to  the 
Mont  de  Lens  and  the  Lauteret.     Chevalier  Folard, 

The  Chevalier,  writing  in  1728,  sought  the  Is^re  at  Eomans  : 
proceeding  up  the  river,  and  leaving  Grenoble  on  his  left 
hand,  he  faced  the  Drac  vis-a-vis  Vizelle.  But,  when  he  had 
got  over  it,  and  found  himself  in  a  practicable  country,  he 
did  not  profit  by  this  advantage  :  he  declined  the  "  large  et 
belle  vallee,"  and  encountered  the  arduous  defiles  of  the 
Eomanche.  He  says,  iv.  p.  89  :  "  Je  suis  persuade  que  la  route 
"  la  plus  ordinaire  et  la  plus  pratiquee  des  Gaulois  en  Italic, 
"  ^toit  celle  qui  conduit  du  Mont  de  Lens,  du  Lautaret,  et  de 
"  Brian9on  au  Mont  Gen^vre."  One  would  infer  from  this 
that  he  apprehended  the  first  Alps  at  the  Mont  de  Lens  :  for 
after  crossing  it,  he  has  the  first  combat  with  the  natives 
"  ceux  du  pais."  One  cannot  reconcile  the  landmarks  of  this 
writer  with  those  of  Polybius :  for  the  historian  certainly 
places  the  AUobrogian  conflict  at  the  first  Alps  ;  and  it  is  not 
easy  to  deny  the  character  of  Alps  to  the  mountains  between 
Bourg  D'Oysans  and  Brian9on :  but  the  Chevalier  brings  the 
Allobroges  into  action  "  entre  Sezanne  et  le  Mont  de  Sestri^res." 
—P.  91. 


1 7C  Polyhi'us  interpreted.  [part  IV. 

This  route,  by  which  Folard,  in  contempt  of  Polybius, 
carries  Hannibal  to  the  Alps,  is  now  the  direct  course  from 
Grenoble  to  Briangon,  one  of  the  most  astonishing  works  of 
Napoleon.  Those  who  have  seen  it  may  try  to  imagine  how 
the  Carthaginian  army  would  have  made  their  way  from 
Bourg  d'Oysans  to  the  Lautaret  at  a  time  when  nature  had 
received  no  corrections  of  art.  A  knowledge  of  this  line  will 
be  gained  from  Brockedon's  illustrations — "  Pass  of  the  Mont 
Genevre."  The  journey  from  Grenoble  to  BriauQon  is  also 
well  told  by  Mr.  Weld's  "  Summer  Eamble,  1850." 

There  is  no  hint  of  this  way  in  any  ancient  writings  earlier 
than  the  Chart  of  Peutinger.  The  Chevalier,  however,  re- 
joicing in  his  own  "  experience  de  la  guerre  et  un  grande 
connaissance  du  pais,"  gravely  instructs  us,  that  it  was  the 
most  usual  and  most  frequented  route  of  the  Gauls  into 
Italy,  and  therefore  adopted  by  Hannibal.  It  is  true  that  a 
good  knowledge  of  several  tracks  qualifies  a  man  for  com- 
paring them :  but  a  great  familiarity  with  one  may  rather 
disqualify  him.  So  it  was  with  Folard  :  his  campaign  in  the 
Alps  of  France  and  Piemont  had  the  same  partial  effect  on 
his  historical  views  that  an  acqaintance  with  M.  Viso  had  on 
the  Marquis  de  St.  Simon,  and  a  residence  at  Grenoble  on  my 
friend  Henry  Long,  and  the  ownership  of  Lampourdier  on  the 
Comte  de  Fortia  d'Urban.  "We  shall  meet  the  Chevalier 
again  on  his  summit. 

6.   Up  the  Isere  to  Le  Cheylas.     Mr.  Ellis. 

Distance. — Mr.  Ellis,  looking  along  the  Isere  for  a  begin- 
ning of  Alps,  found  it  at  Le  Cheylas,  33  kilometres  above 
Grenoble.  In  p.  89  he  says  :  "  The  total  distance  from 
"  Valence  (or  from  the  junction  of  the  Rhone  and  Isere)  to  Le 
"  Cheylas,  is  87J  Eoman  miles."  This  gives  700  of  the  800 
stadia  of  Polybius :  and  I  presume  the  principle  of  measure- 
ment is  that  which  Mr.  Ellis  prescribes  elsewhere  ;  "  all  the 


CHAP.  IV.] 


First  A  Ips  :  points  S.  of  Ishe. 


17^ 


way  along  the  very  "  bank,"  which,  below  Grenoble,  is  not 
unimportant. 

River,  Plairt,  Cavalry. — We  saw,  ante,  chap.  2,  how  Mr.  Ellis 
acknowledges  the  river  to  be  the  Rhone,  but  urges  that  it 
must  be  the  Isere.  That  effort  may  have  distressed  him :  but, 
having  passed  Grenoble,  he  says  comfortably,  "  The  vale  of 
"  Gr^sivaudan  from  Grenoble  to  Le  Cheylas,  being  perfectly 
"  level,  is  quite  adapted  throughout  to  the  action  of  cavalry." 
Treatise,  p.  97.  This  is  true  ;  but  Mr.  Ellis's  track  has  a  very 
brief  intimacy  with  the  vale  of  Gr^sivaudan.  It  would  have 
been  more  to  the  purpose  if  he  could  have  said,  "  The  south 
"  bank  of  Is^re  is  quite  adapted  throughout  to  the  action 
"  of  cavalry."  Letronne  and  Larauza  spoke  rashly  of  its 
being  plain  below  Grenoble.  Possibly  they  felt  excused  for 
imagining  what  their  eyes  had  not  contradicted.  Mr.  Ellis, 
more  cautious,  does  not  apply  "  plaine  riche  et  fertile  "  to  the 
whole,  and  commends  it  only  from  Grenoble  to  Le  Cheylas. 

Is  it  enough,  then,  that  the  last  33  kilometres  of  his  march 
to  the  Alps  are  suited  to  cavalry  ?  The  Allobroges  of  the 
history  were  contemplated  as  an  object  of  fear  before  the 
march  was  resumed  after  the  refitting  :  they  are  named  as 
the  cause  why  the  prince  of  the  island  conferred  on  Hannibal 
his  greatest  benefit,  by  accompanying  the  march  with  his 
force  through  their  country.  Did  that  potentate  cross  the 
Isere  with  his  troops,  lead  them  through  the  embarrassed 
country  which  stands  on  the  left  bank  below  Grenoble,  and 
effect  the  passage  of  the  Drac,  only  that  he  might  be  ready  to 
support  Hannibal  in  the  Gresivaudan  during  the  few  miles  of 
plain  which  would  occur  before  he  turned  into  his  Alps  at 
Le  Cheylas  ?  Mr.  Ellis  has  at  least  avoided  the  example  of 
Larauza,  who,  to  give  length  to  his  mountain  march,  began  to 
measure  without  a  semblance  of  mountain  to  begin  with. 
He  has  turned  sooner  into  mountain  to  provide  for  the  elon- 
gation.    He  says  that  he  gains  26 J  miles  by  it;  so  we  may  bo 

VOL.  I.  N 


178  Polybius  interpreted.  [part  IV. 

more  indulgent  to  what  he  calls  the  length  of  his  march  in 
the  Alps. 

Allohroges. — We  have  already  examined  the  reasons  which 
make  Mr.  Ellis  to  place  this  people  south  of  Isere  in  the  time 
of  Hannihal.  He  has  an  additional  reason  in  thinking  that 
AUevard  was  "  the  chief  town  of  an  AUobrogic  district,  from 
"  its  appearing  to  preserve,  in  its  own  name,  that  of  the  Allo- 
"  broges."  Accordingly,  Hannibal  goes  that  way  to  the  Mau- 
risne, taking  possession  of  the  town  of  Allevard.    Treatise,p.  95. 

N.B.  I  shall  have  strong  objections  to  make  to  the  system 
of  interpreting  Polybius  pursued  by  this  critic  ;  but  at  present 
confine  myself  to  a  short  notice  of  the  five  requisites,  such  as 
is  given  to  every  theory.  When  we  come  to  the  merits  of 
his  own  peculiar  doctrines,  they  will  need  to  be  sifted. 

7.  La  Chavane  near  the  Isere,  opposite  to  Montmelian. 
Laranza.     UJcert. 

These  two  commentators  are  to  be  taken  together,  as  objects 
of  criticism,  because  their  avaPoXrj  is  the  same.  Though  one 
begins  the  1,400  stadia  at  Tarascon,  and  the  other  at  Eoque- 
maure,  they  both  desire  to  end  it  at  La  Chavane.  Nothing 
could  have  emboldened  M.  Larauza  to  suggest  such  a  point, 
but  the  pressing  expediency  of  leaving  a  few  miles  to  help 
out  the  scanty  complement  of  his  next  section,  the  distance 
through  the  Alps ;  and  it  happened  that,  from  that  point  to 
the  end,  Dr.  Ukert  took  Larauza  for  his  model. 

It  is  most  unreasonable  to  treat  a  village  standing  in  the 
plain  as  a  beginning  of  Alps.  There  are  earlier  points  in  a  track 
up  the  Is^re,  where  mountain  might  suggest  itself,  as  between 
St.  Nazaire  and  Sassenage,  after  entering  the  department  of  the 
Dr6me.  But,  if  a  traveller  along  the  south  shore  of  Isere  can 
cross  the  Drac  without  encountering  mountains,  he  cannot 
pretend  to  find  one  obstructing  his  journey  to  Aiguebelle, 
sooner  than  the  defile  at  that  place.     There  is  undulation  of 


CHAP.  IV.]  First  Alps:  points  S.  of  Isere.  171^ 

surface  for  the  few  latter  miles.  At  Planaise,  Coize,  Malta- 
verne,  Bourgneuf,  you  are  passing  through  an  easy  country, 
not  mountain ;  there  is  no  pretence  of  Si'o-%ft)/9tat  till  you  have 
passed  through  the  defile.  Brockedon  says  that  the  road  is 
not  interesting  till  near  Aiguebelle,  at  the  entrance  of  the 
valley  of  the  Arc  about  five  miles  above  its  confluence  with 
the  Is^re.  Larauza  himself  writes — "  Le  chemin  va  sans  cesse 
"  montant  et  descendant  k  travers  ces  riantes  collines  qui 
"  se  succMent  depuis  La  Chavane  jusqu'k  la  croix  d'Aigue- 
"  beUe." 

Along  the  River. — ^As  I  hinted  in  a  previous  chapter,  Dr. 
Ukert  was  not  disposed  to  compromise  himself  as  a  scholar 
by  making  the  word  iroTajjbov  to  represent  two  or  three  rivers 
in  succession,  or  to  have  grammatical  reference  to  any  but  the 
Ehone.  Nevertheless,  while  he  deems  the  word  to  refer  to 
'VohavoVy  he  manages  to  march  up  the  Iste.  The  word  for 
this  river  being  in  manuscripts  "Icaras,"  not  "Isaras,"  he 
thinks  that  Polybius  blundered  upon  both  rivers  above  the 
confluence,  taking  the  Rhone  for  the  Icaras,  and  the  Icaras  for 
the  Ehone ;  that  Polybius  wrote  of  the  Is^re  as  bearing  the 
great  name  Ehone,  and  deemed  the  Ehone  to  be  the  tributary 
under  the  name  of  Scaras.  Such  is  the  discovery  of  Dr. 
Ukert;  but  I  think  there  can  be  few,  if  any  other,  who  do  not 
acquiesce  in  the  good  sense  which  has  accounted  for  Scaras 
being  found  in  manuscripts.  When  Holstenius  met  with  rfj 
fM€v  yap  6  'PoSavo?,  rfj  Be  "^Kapa^;  (the  rivers  which  form  the 
point  of  the  island),  he  observed  that  the  capital  sigma,  now 
written  2,  is  in  some  old  manuscripts,  C  ;  hence  he  supposed 
that  OICAPAC  had  come  to  be  written  CKAPAC,— IC  being 
made  into  K.  Another  version  has  been  found  in  \pap6^, 
which  led  lac.  Gronovius,  in  his  edition  of  Polybius,  to  this 
comment :  "  rfj  he  6  \pap6q — non  est  hujus  fluvii  ille  cursus 
"  ut  possit  cum  Alpibus  et  Ehodano  insulam  facere.  Optim^, 
"  6  yecoypacpcKcoTaTO^  Chiverius,  lib.  i.  Italiae,  cap.  33,  Isaras 

N  2 


180  PolyUus  interpreted.  [part  iv. 

"  reponit :  et  acutissimus  Holstenius  errorem  addit  natum 
"  majusculis  Uteris  confusis  CKOPAC  pro  OIKAPAC."  Dr. 
Ukert  does  not  yield  to  this ;  and  says  (ii.  588),  "  We  dare 
"  not  change  the  name  Scaras,  as  the  thing  does  not  admit  of 
"  proof,  and  we  find  in  Gaul  many  names  for  the  same  river." 
What  then  ?  This  might  furnish  Polybius  with  an  excuse,  if 
he  really  gave  the  wrong  name  Icaras  ;  but  it  is  not  believed 
that  he  did  so.  If  he  had  written  Scaras,  he  would  have 
written  6  iKapa^  :  but  the  manuscripts  have  rfi  he  ^Kapaf;,  a 
noun  without  its  article.  There  is  something,  therefore,  which 
requires  correction,  and  he  who  resists  the  correction  of  Hol- 
stenius should  favour  us  with  a  better  one.  (See  Schweig- 
haeuser's  Adnotationes  ad  Pol.  iii.)  .^po-jv 

Whatever  might  be  in  a  manuscript,  as  the  title  of  the 
second  river,  the  Khone  would  still  be  the  Ehone ;  the  Island, 
which  is  identified  by  so  many  characteristics,  would  still  be 
the  Island ;  and  the  second  river,  under  any  name,  must  be 
that  which  we  call  Isere.  With  all  due  respect  for  Dr.  Ukert, 
his  professed  allegiance  to  manuscripts  furnishes  no  rational 
excuse  for  his  dogma  upon  iroTafiov.  We  give  him  credit,  as 
a  scholar,  for  repudiating  the  constructions  of  the  many  other 
critics,  but  the  failure  in  their  contrivances  is  in  no  degree 
remedied  by  his  own. 

Ten  days.  Plain  for  Cavalry. — M.  Larauza  seems  to  apolo- 
gise for  the  very  slow  march  made  by  the  army  along  his 
river,  the  Iske  ;  and,  for  making  it  credible  that  such  a  march 
could  occupy  ten  days,  expatiates  on  the  formidable  stream  of 
the  Drac,  as  if  it  would  be  the  one  cause  of  a  tardy  progress. 
But  the  apparently  candid  confession  of  this  difiiculty  must 
not  lead  us  to  blink  the  other  objections  to  such  a  course ;  it 
should  rather  call  attention  to  them.  M.  Larauza  gives  a 
detailed  and  forcible  history,  pp.  88,  89,  90,  of  the  ravages  of 
this  torrent ;  of  the  efforts  made  in  the  time  of  Louis  XIII.  by 
the  Mar^chal  de  Lesdigui^res,  and  in  later  times,  to  turn  its 


CHAP.  IV.]  First  Alps:  points  S.  of  Mre.  181 

course  and  compress  its  inundations ;  saying  at  last,  "  Est-il 
"  n^cessaire  de  dire  qu'un  fleuve  de  cette  nature  n'est  point 
"navigable?" 

Now,  though  there  is  no  Drac  nor  anything  like  it  in  the 
tale  of  Polybius,  and  though  there  is  in  that  tale  the  charac- 
teristic of  iircTriBa,  which  is  rather  kept  out  of  sight  by 
M.  Larauza,  I  am  ready  to  concede  that,  if  the  Carthaginian 
army  had  gone  up  the  Isere,  they  would  not  have  found  the 
Drac  navigable.  For  them  to  have  got  over  it  by  any  other 
method  than  wading,  vessels  and  rafts  must  have  been  brought 
up  from  the  Is^re,  either  by  land-carriage  or  by  towing  against 
the  torrent :  and  either  mode  would  have  required  the  favour- 
ing aid  of  the  inhabitants ;  and,  according  to  the  history,  the 
foreign  intruders  apprehended  from  them  the  most  vigilant 
hostility.  In  the  march  to  the  Alps,  after  the  refitting  of  the 
force,  this  enemy,  watching  the  opportunity  to  destroy,  was 
deterred  from  attack  not  only  by  the  presence  of  the  allied 
force,  but  by  the  Carthaginian  cavalry.  What  would  have 
been  the  terrors  of  cavalry,  themselves  struggling  through  a 
series  of  intractable  whirlpools  ?  Why  did  the  Allobroges  of 
Ukert  and  Larauza  tolerate  the  invaders  in  their  march  below 
Grenoble,  and  acquiesce  in  their  passage  of  the  Drac  ?  Why 
permit  a  progress  which  they  had  the  power  to  arrest  ?  In  a 
line  to  and  over  the  Drac,  conflicts  would  have  ensued  worthy  to 
have  been  prominent  among  the  casualties  of  the  expedition. 

The  unfavourable  nature  of  the  country  along  the  lower 
Is^re  has  been  shown  from  the  writings  of  opponents,  General 
St.  Cyr  Nugues,  and  M.  de  Lavalette,  as  well  as  from  those 
of  our  friends.  Yet,  while  M.  Larauza  imagines,  without 
authority  from  the  historian,  the  physical  impediment  of  the 
Drac,  as  the  cause  of  slow  progress,  he  shuts  his  eyes  to  the 
want  of  cavalry  ground  which  that  authority  requires,  as 
favouring  the  progress  of  the  Carthaginians.  At  last,  however, 
he  cannot  help  feeling  that  the  exploit  which  he  conceives. 


182  l^olt/bius  interpreted.  [pakt  iv. 

namely  tlie  safe  surmounting  of  sucli  an  obstacle  as  the  Drac 
in  defiance  of  a  hostile  population,  was  worthy  to  find  a  place 
in  the  history.  So  he  accounts  for  the  historian's  silence 
upon  it.  This  is  his  solution,  p.  91 :  "  II  est  certain  que 
"  ce  nom  (Drac)  ne  c'est  pas  conserve  dans  la  geographic 
"  ancienne,  et  que  cette  riviere  parolt  avoir  M  tr^s  peu  connu 
"  des  anciens :  ce  qui  pouvait  expliquer  la  silence  de  Polybe 
"  sur  le  fait  de  son  passage  par  I'armee  Carthaginoise."  A 
most  indiscreet  comment !  It  admits  that  such  events  were 
events  to  be  told ;  but  suggests  that  Poly  bins  was  prevented 
from  telling  them  by  the  uncertainty  of  a  name.  Now 
Polybius  in  the  beginning  of  the  narrative  told  us  that  he 
should  not  attempt  names  in  an  unexplored  country;  not 
that  he  should  omit  facts,  when  he  was  at  a  loss  for  a  name. 
He  had  no  name  for  man  or  place,  when  he  described 
the  passage  of  the  Ehone:  he  had  no  name  for  man  or 
place,  when  he  described  the  dangerous  conflict  which  pre- 
ceded the  arrival  on  the  summit :  but  such  events  stand 
forth  in  their  importance.  If  a  river  like  the  Drac  had 
crossed  our  path  when  Hannibal  traversed  the  plain  of 
Dauphine  with  the  enemy  hanging  on  his  march,  M.  Larauza 
would  have  seen  it  probable,  that  the  forbearance  of  the  AUo- 
brogian  chiefs  would  not  have  lasted  to  the  Alps ;  but  that 
the  armament  which  struggled  against  the  floods  would  have 
met  also  with  human  opposition. 

Allobroges.  I  have,  already  controverted  the  doctrines  of 
Larauza  and  Ukert  on  this  head ;  which  rest  partly  on  the 
perversion  of  words,  partly  on  the  supposed  ubiquity  of  that 
people,  and  partly  on  misrepresentation  of  history,  including 
their  supposed  migration  northwards  from  the  maritime  dis- 
trict just  before  the  time  of  Strabo. 

There  is  one  auxiliary  comment,  the  merit  of  which  belongs 
wholly  to  Dr.  Ukert.  He  writes  thus  :  "  Dass  diese  Volker- 
"  ^chaft  frtiher  ein  grosseres  Gebiet  als  spater  besass  und  weiter 


CHAP.  IV.]  First  Alps :  j)oinis  B.  <?/  Mrc.  183 

"  gegen  Sliden  sich  ausdehute,  als  nachher,  darf  man  wohl 
"  aus  des  ApoUodorus  Bekanntschaft  mit  derselben  schliessen, 
"  der  sie  als  die  machtigste  Nation  Gallien's  schildert,  und  zu 
"  seiner  Zeit  war  die  Kunde  der  Griechen  auf  das  der  Kliste 
"  nahe  Land  "beschrankt."  "  That  tliis  people  possessed  a 
"  larger  domain  in  earlier  than  in  later  times,  and  extended 
"  itself  further  to  the  south,  one  might  infer  from  Apollodorus's 
"  acquaintance  with  them,  who  represents  them  as  the  most 
"  powerful  nation  of  Gaul :  and  in  his  time  the  knowledge  of 
*'  the  Greeks  was  limited  to  the  country  near  the  coast." — 
Pp.  590,  591. 

The  works  of  ApoUodorus,  all  but  one  short  treatise  called 
Bibliotheca,  are  lost :  and  the  statement  here  imputed  to  him 
is  known  only  from  six  words  which  occur  in  a  work  of 
a  much  later  period.  In  the  surviving  fragments  of  a  Dic- 
tionary called  edvLKa,  or  irepl  nrokewv  by  Stephanus  of  By- 
zantium, are  these  words — ^AWo^pvye^,  e^vo?  BvvaTcorarov 
TcCkariKov,  co^  ^ A7ro\XoScopo<;,  Hereupon  Dr.  Ukert  argues 
that,  as  the  knowledge  of  the  Greeks  was  restricted  to  the 
country  near  the  coast,  the  name  of  a  great  Gaulish  nation 
which  reached  the  Greek  ApoUodorus,  must  have  been  the 
name  of  a  nation  dwelling  towards  the  sea.  The  argument 
would  be  worth  nothing,  if  applied  to  a  time  some  centuries 
earlier :  for,  from  the  period  when  a  body  of  strangers  founded 
the  city  of  Marseille,  the  reputation  of  a  state  which  rejoiced 
in  the  navigation  of  the  Isere  and  the  Ehone,  might  be  carried 
through  commercial  channels  to  the  whole  civilized  world. 
But  who  was  ApoUodorus,  the  Greek  whose  knowledge  of  the 
Allobroges  is  deemed  incredible  1  He  was  a  learned  Athenian, 
born  (see  Fasti  Hellenici,  iii.  p.  546)  about  the  year  168  B.C. ; 
and  who  lived  to  about  88  B.C.  He  must  have  read  of  the 
Allobroges  as  a  boy  in  the  schools ;  he  would  read  of  them  in 
the  very  history  which  we  are  examining,  and  not  improbably 
had  acquaintance  with  the  author.  Where  is  the  meaning  of  the 
proposition  that  "  the  knowledge  of  the  Greeks  was  confined 


184  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  IV. 

to  the  country  near  the  coast  ?"  This  insinuation  of  ignorance 
is  surely  injudicious.  In  the  time  of  ApoUodorus  there  was 
full  intercourse  of  knowledge  between  the  great  stations  on 
the  MediteiTanean  :  the  plays  of  Terence,  which  tell  the  ways 
of  Athens,  were  acted  when  ApoUodorus  was  in  his  cradle. 
As  to  the  Allobroges,  whose  very  existence  it  is  sought  to 
mystify,  it  was  fifty  years  before  ApoUodorus  was  bom,  that 
Scipio  came  within  four  days'  march  of  that  people,  and 
vainly  hoped  that  they  would  give  to  his  enemy  the  check 
which  he  had  failed  to  give  himself:  and  it  was  nearly  a 
century  later,  when  the  account  came  that  this  same  people 
had  been  defeated  in  a  great  engagement,  and,  Hke  Athens 
herself,  had  submitted  to  the  dominion  of  the  victorious 
republic.  Dr.  Ukert  has  been  sorely  pressed  for  grounds 
of  argument ;  and,  amidst  historical  and  geographical  per- 
plexities, we  see  the  climax  of  distress  in  this  desperate  appeal 
to  ApoUodorus. 

Such  is  the  list  of  points,  proposed  by  the  writers  named, 
for  beginning  the  march  through  Alps  :  we  have  put  forth  our 
reasons  for  believing  Polybius  to  have  intended  the  Mont  du 
Chat.  Before  we  reach  it,  we  have  taken  leave  of  the 
sovereign  of  the  Island,  wishing  him  a  prosperous  journey 
home,  not  through  a  series  of  hostile  nations,  nor  through 
the  prohibitions  of  unfavouring  nature,  but  over  undulating 
plains,  cultivated  by  those  whom  he  claims  as  his  subjects. 
We  pause  vrith  Hannibal  at  the  dvajSoXij :  the  dvajSoXr)  Trpo? 
Ta9  "AXTret?,  and  the  dva^oXrf  twv  "AXirecov ;  for  they  are  the 
same  thing.  We  pause  with  him  Trpo?  rat?  virep^okaU, 
To  this  point  our  construction  of  the  line  of  march  is  exempt 
from  an  embarrassment,  which  belongs  in  some  degree  to  all 
rival  theories :  our  beginning  of  Alps  is  unquestionably  a 
beginning ;  our  course  over  the  plain  of  Dauphin^  has  never 
felt  the  contiguity  of  mountain.  In  approaching  the  Mont 
du  Chat,  we  recognise,  in  a  way  not  to  be  mistaken,  the 
beginning  or  first  ascent  of  Alps. 


THE    ALPS    OF    HANNIBAL. 

PAET  V. 

THE  MOUNTAIN  MARCH.    ASCENT. 


CHAPTEE  I. 

Some  theories  are  not  v;orked  out  beyond  their  first  Alps. 
Those  of  the  Cenis  are  laboured  throughout  their  1,200 
stadia.  Termini  and  distance.  By  the  Little  St.  Bernard. 
By  the  Cenis.  By  the  Little  Cenis.  The  events  of  each  of 
the  fifteen  days. 

Having  crossed  the  Rhone,  and  reached  the  beginning  of 
Alps,  we  look  forward  to  the  ultimate  terminus,  and  have  to 
trace  the  march  till  it  brings  us  to  a  country  beyond  the 
mountains,  the  plain  of  Italy.  This  remainder  of  the  march 
should  be  about  1,200  stadia.  Polybius  says,  \017ral  Se  tc3v 
lAXireayv  vTrepfioXal  irepi  ')(CkCovf;  hiaKoaiov^i  : — the  heights  of 
Alps,  being  the  residue  of  the  march,  about  twelve  hundred 
stadia.  This  comprehends  the  entire  passage  ;  the  first  Alpine 
ascent,  and  the  last  Alpine  descent.  In  the  fifty-sixth  chapter, 
the  act  of  transit  is  represented  by  the  singular  virepfioXr) : — 
"  Hannibal  arrived  into  the  Padan  plain  and  the  nation  of 
"  Insubrians,  having  performed  the  whole  march  from  Cartha- 
"  gena  in  five  months,  and  the  passage  of  the  Alps  in  fifteen 
"  days."    The  word  is  similarly  used  in  c.  34,  6,  and  c.  47,  6. 


186  Polyhius  interpreted.  [paet  v. 

The  initial  event  is  the  forcing  of  the  first  Alps,  in  front  of 
which  we  left  the  army  on  closing  the  discussion  of  our  second 
question.  The  final  event  is  the  touching  the  great  northern 
plain  of  Italy  at  the  point  which  gives  escape  from  the  barrier 
of  the  mountains.  The  termini  of  such  a  march,  as  proposed 
by  other  commentators,  must  be  considered  :  but  the  scope 
of  inquiry  into  details  will  now  be  narrowed.  It  would  be 
impracticable  to  compare  henceforward  at  each  step  the  merits 
of  every  adverse  theory,  so  minutely  as  has  been  done  to  the 
points  at  which  they  severally  professed  to  reach  the  Alps. 
The  advocates  of  the  Cenis  will  claim  a  far  greater  share  of 
attention  than  other  opponents ;  indeed  they  might  be  treated, 
as  the  only  survivors  in  the  contest.  If  I  have  substantiated 
the  march  up  the  Khone  to  the  Mont  du  Chat,  the  advocates 
of  the  Mont  Gen^vre  have  broken  down  irremediably  :  but  it 
is  still  open  to  th6  Cenisians,  to  confess  the  error  of  so  soon 
deserting  the  Ehone,  and  to  try  their  fortune  in  the  Arc  vaUey 
after  a  march  through  Chambery. 

There  is  this  reason  for  attending  to  the  pretensions  of  the 
Maurienne :  arguments  are  attempted  in  detail  throughout  all 
parts  of  their  progress  to  the  plain,  by  Larauza  and  Ellis  :  and 
each  invites  an  answer.  They  have  struggled  elaborately  to 
show  their  fulfilment  of  Polybian  requisites ;  on  which  the 
subscribers  to  other  theories  offer  little  or  nothing  to  be  con- 
troverted. Truth  wiU  be  better  worked  out,  by  directly 
opposing  those  systematised  errors,  than  in  sifting  the  confu- 
sion of  writers  who  hardly  express  a  reason  for  their  opinions. 

Moreover  the  theory  of  the  Cenis  has  of  late  acquired  some 
reputation  of  strength.  Dr.  TJkert,  who,  as  we  have  seen, 
argues  against  the  Ehone,  and  foUows  Larauza  through  the 
mountains,  is  proclaimed  by  one  most  eminent  as  "  defending 
"  his  theory  with  aU  the  light  that  profound  geographical 
"  learning  can  throw  upon  the  question."  Dr.  Arnold,  too, 
though  not  adopting  the  Cenis,  has  said  that  it  suits  the 


CHAP.  I.]  The  Mountain  March.         -  187 

description  of  the  march  in  some  respects  better  than  any 
other  pass :  it  is  not  clear  what  those  respects  may  be :  but 
the  remark,  imperfect  as  it  is,  has  given  encouragement  to 
those  who  sympathise  with  it. 

Termini  and  Distance.     The  Little  St.  Bernard. 

It  has  been  seen  how  the  march  up  the  Ehone,  as  told  by 
Polybius,  brings  us  to  the  beginning  of  Alps,  at  or  near  the 
village  of  Chevelu,  in  front  of  the  Mont  du  Chat ;  here  is  one 
terminus.  Where  then  is  the  other,  the  exit  from  Alps  and 
entrance  into  the  plain  ?  In  determining  this  point,  we  must 
attend  to  the  author  whom  we  are  interpreting,  as  to  time 
and  space ;  cautious  of  the  distinction  between  plain  and 
mountain. 

I  have  myself  passed  down  the  valley  of  Aosta ;  but  in  a 
state  which  prohibited  all  endeavour  to  notice  where  should 
be  deemed  the  exit  from  the  Alps.  I  can  only  apprehend  it 
from  the  writings  of  others.  In  his  second  edition,  p.  213,  De 
Luc  says,  "  C'est  k  St.  Martin  que  finit  la  valine  d'Aoste,  et 
"  c'est  k  une  demi-lieue  de  ce  village  que  Ton  decouvre  pour 
"  la  premiere  fois  les  plaines  de  I'ltalie.  On  est  sorti  tout-^ 
"  fait  des  montagnes  que  Ton  est  encore  k  une  lieue  et  demie 
"  d'lvree."  The  Oxford  Dissertation  places  St.  Martin  twelve 
miles  below  Yerres :  and  it  is  said,  p.  118  :  "  St.  Martin  may 
"  fairly  be  called  the  entrance  of  the  Alps  :  for  two  secondary 
"  chains  of  mountains,  which  run  off  at  right  angles  from  the 
"  main  chain,  meet  a  little  above  it,  and  form  a  very  narrow 
"  pass,  that  closes  the  valley  of  Aoste  as  with  a  door.  The 
"  descent,  which  is  rapid  the  greater  way  from  Aoste,  ends 
"  here ;  and  between  St.  Martin  and  Ivrea  there  are  no  moun- 
"  tains,  but  only  a  wide  valley  with  hills  on  each  side,  and 
"  Ivrea  itself  is  completely  detached,  and  stands  in  the  plains." 
Settimo  Vittone  and  Monte-Stretto,  which  are  a  little  way 
forward,  have  been  mentioned  as  points  of  perfect  liberation 


188 


Polyhius  interpreted. 


[PAKT  V. 


into  plain.  In  short,  it  is  reasonable  to  say,  that  at  or  near 
St.  Martin  the  Carthaginians  hailed  their  escape  from  the 
mountains. 

Eoman  armies  used  this  way  over  the  Alps  within  a  century 
after  it  was  visited  by  Polybius.  The  Itinerary  of  Antoninus 
gives  the  distances  along  the  whole  line  in  which  our  termini 
stand :  that  is  to  say,  between  Labisco  (Chevelu)  and  Ivrea, 
which  is  below  St.  Martin  and  the  two  other  points  suggested. 
I  give  the  stations  on  the  route,  adding  the  modern  names. 
See  Wesseling's  Vet.  Roman.  Itineraria,  and  Oxford  Disserta- 
tion.  Appendix. 


Labisco  (Chevelu)  to  Lemincum  XIV 
Mantala*.  .  .  .  XVI 
„  Ad  Publicanost  .  XVI 
„  Oblimum.  .  .  .  Ill 
„  Darantasia  ,  .  .  XIII 
„  Bergintrum  .  .  XVIIII 
„  Arebrigium|  .  .XXIV 
„        Augusta  Prsetoria  .  XXV 


Vitricium 


Farther  to  St.  Martin  about 


XXV 

155 
10 


Chamberri 

near  Pierre  d'Albigni 

Conflans 

La  B^tie 

near  Moustier 

Bourg  St.  Maurice 

Pr^  St.  Didier 

Aosta 

Verres 


165  R.  miles. 


I  believe  these  official  measurements  of  distance  to  be  upon 
the  whole  excessive.     One  would  suppose  that  an  estimate  of 

*  D'Anville  suggested  Montailleu :  but  it  is  negatived  by  the 
distance  XVI :  and  one  cannot  doubt  that  a  route  from  Chamb^ry 
up  the  Isere  would  always  be  carried  by  Montm^lian. 

t  At  Conflans  (confluentes)  the  river  Arly,  probably  the  boundary 
of  the  Allpbroges,  falls  into  the  Iske, 

X  Peutinger's  Chart  gives  XII  to  the  summit,  in  Alpe  Graia  : 
VI  to  Ariolica  (la  Tuile),  and  then  XVI  to  Arebrigium— this  X 
must  be  rejected. 


CHAP.  I.]  The  Mountain  March.  189 

distance  through  unknown  mountains  made  by  Polybius  with- 
out any  sort  of  mechanical  aid,  would  be  less  accurate  than  an 
ofi&cial  register  made  in  a  much  later  day.  The  fiijfiaTKTral 
of  Eome  ought  to  have  advantage  over  the  adventurous 
traveller.  However,  which  was  nearer  the  truth  is  a  matter  of 
fact  to  be  inquired.  It  can  only  be  answered  by  comparison 
with  ascertained  distances  at  the  present  day.  Speaking  from 
what  is  now  before  me,  I  believe  at  present  that  the  150  miles 
of  Polybius  comes  nearest  to  the  actual  length  of  the  mountain 
march  by  the  Graian  Alp.  The  authors  of  the  Dissertation 
correct  from  their  own  experience  some  figures  in  the  Itinerary 
as  excessive.  Albanis  Beaumont  is  referred  to  :  but  it  is  not 
clear  what  sort  of  lieue  he  uses;  and  his  estimates  are  not 
applied  to  the  Italian  side.  There  is  at  present  no  official 
itinerary :  but  now  that  Albertville  is  in  France,  we  may  soon 
see  the  whole  laid  down  in  a  liv7^e  de  poste.  In  the  mean  time, 
if  we  carry  the  measurement  to  about  St.  Martin,  I  expect  that 
about  1,200  stadia  from  the  dva^oKri  is  nearer  the  truth  than 
can  be  gathered  from  the  Itinerary. 

Termini  and  Distance.     Mont  Cenis. 

The  termini,  between  which  Larauza,  followed  by  Ukert, 
measures  1,200  stadia  in  the  Alps,  are  La  Chavane  on  the 
Is^re  and  Eivoli.  See  Larauza,  159,  and  Ukert,  ii.  part  ii.  606. 
La  Chavane  not  being  in  the  livre  de  poste,  they  take  the 
measurement  from  Montmelian,  which  is  on  the  opposite  side 
of  the  river.  La  Chavane  is  an  inadmissible  point  for  the 
beginning  of  Alps.  There  is  no  character  which  entitles  it  to 
represent  that  critical  point  in  the  march.  Wherever  you 
apprehend  this  point  of  division  between  the  fourth  and  fifth 
sections  of  the  march,  it  must  be  marked  by  an  ascent  of 
mountain :  and,  if  a  traveller  is  supposed  to  have  arrived  into 
the  vale  of  Gresivaudan  without  encountering  Alps  to  chal- 


190  Pohjbim  interpreted.  [part  v. 

lenge  his  advance,  there  are  none  to  challenge  him  till  he 
comes  to  Aiguebelle. 

The  consequence  of  the  mistake  which  I  point  out,  is  that, 
on  a  scrutiny  of  M.  Larauza's  mountain  measurement,  we 
must  deny  to  him  three  postes  out  of  the  28  which-he  reckons 
from  Montm^lian  to  Eivoli,  quoting  them  from  the  "  Etat 
g^n(^ral  des  Postes  du  Eoyaume  de  France,  1814,"  and  reduce 
them  to  25.  Also  they  must  undergo  a  further  reduction 
near  the  other  terminus,  which  is  erroneous.  I  believe  that  a 
traveller  is  quite  out  of  the  mountain^  at  AviUano,  which  is 
If  postes  short  of  Eivoli.  De  Saussure,  §  1,294,  says  of 
AviUano,  "  C'est  h.  peu  pr^s  \k  que  se  t^mine  la  chaine 
"  des  Montagnes  qui  bordent  le  cot^  meridional  de  cette 
'*  valine  :  la  chaine  Septentrionale,  de  I'autre  cote  de  la  Doire, 
"  se  prolonge  un  peu  davantage.  Mais  de  1^  jusqu*^  Turin  on 
"  ne  rencontre  plus  de  Montagnes  proprement  dites."  In 
accordance  with  this,  I  am  assured  by  one  on  whose  observa- 
tion more  recently  made  I  can  safely  rely,  that  at  AviUano 
you  actually  dehouche  into  the  open  plain,  the  feet  of  the 
mountains  being  bent  back  and  pared  away.  If  these  obser- 
vations are  just,  the  28  are  further  reduced  to  23  J ;  and  that 
distance  at  most  can  be  claimed  by  M.  Larauza  between  the 
just  termini  of  a  mountain  march  over  the  Cenis. 

But,  in  addition  to  these  corrections,  we  must  remember, 
that  the  object  of  our  inquiry  is  not  the  number  of  French 
postes,  but  the  number  of  Greek  stades.  A  French  poste  was 
vulgarly  reckoned  two  lieues  of  2,000  toises  each,  on  which 
estimate  23 J  postes  would  be  46,500  toises  =  123  E.  miles  = 
984  stades.  But  a  poste  is  not  2,000  toises.  The  Oxford  Disser- 
tation says  with  great  truth,  p.  183  :  "  The  post-book  cannot  be 
"  considered  a  fair  criterion  of  mensuration ;  for  it  is  well 
"  known,  that  in  mountainous  countries  the  distances  are 
"  always  over-rated  for  the  benefit  of  postmasters.  Thus,  for 
"  instance,  the  post-book  reckons  three  posts  or  fifteen  miles 


CHAP.  I.]  The  Mountain  March.  191 

"  (nearer  sixteen)  from  Lanslebourg  to  the  stage  on  the 
*' summit  of  the  pass,  whereas  the  real  distance  is  not  ten 
"  miles ;  and  of  course  the  old  road,  by  which  we  ought  to 
"  make  our  reckoning,  would  be  still  shorter."  I  find  this 
specimen  of  exaggeration  to  be  practically  confirmed  by 
M.  Albanis  Beaumont ;  he  accomplished  those  three  postes  in 
3f  hours :  and  2f  of  those  hours  were  consumed  in  the 
montee  to  the  Chalet  de  la  Meut.  In  that  mont^e  his  rate 
was  more  likely  to  be  two  miles  and  a  half  an  hour  than  four. 
In  Brockedon's  journal  he  complains  at  an  earlier  part  of  this 
same  journey,  of  the  extortion  in  charging  distances  :  saying, 
"  At  Modane  our  voiturier  insisted  upon  resting :  we  walked 
"  on  to  Lanslebourg,  fourteen  miles,  though  it  is  stated  in 
"  the  French  post-book  to  be  four  posts."  No  man  would  be 
a  better  judge  of  his  own  rate  of  walking  along  a  road  than 
Mr.  Brockedon  :  he  probably  intends  English  miles  ;  so  that 
he  was  charged  fully  nineteen  for  what  was  really  fourteen. 
I  believe  that,  if  the  mountain  march  over  Mont  Cenis  from 
Aiguebelle  to  Avillano  were  rightly  measured,  it  would  be 
found  not  only  not  to  reach  1,200  stadia  =  150  miles,  but  to 
be  hardly  more  than  100  miles. 


Termini  and  Distance.     Little  Mont  Cenis. 

The  termini  of  Mr.  Ellis  are  Le  Cheylas  on  the  Is^re  and 
Avillano.  He  deviates  from  the  track  of  M.  Larauza  at  Le 
Cheylas :  there  quitting  the  valley  of  Gresivaudan,  he  moves 
into  the  mountains,  and  bears  up  for  Aiguebelle  in  a  track 
separated  from  that  valley  by  a  range  of  hills  parallel  with 
the  course  of  the  Isere :  by  this  he  professes  to  reach 
Aiguebelle  in  26-|-  Eoman  miles  :  he  then  makes  it  106  miles 
from  Aiguebelle  to  Avillano.  If  he  becomes  mountainous 
26^  miles  sooner  than  Larauza,  he  brings  out  a  result  which, 
though  short  of  the  estimate  of  Polybius,  is  nearer  the  truth 


192  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  v. 

than  those  of  other  patrons  of  the  Maurienne :  and,  if  his 
theory  can  survive  the  more  serious  impeachments  of  its 
merits,  we  need  not  care  for  its  defect  in  mountain  distance. 

Time  with  events  of  each  day. 

In  order  that  my  own  comments  may  be  intelligible,  I  will 
here  state  how  I  apprehend  the  army  to  have  been  employed 
in  each  part  of  its  progress  over  the  mountains  from  the 
avapokrj  to  the  plain.  Polybius  says  plainly,  in  c.  56,  that 
the  passage  of  the  Alps  had  been  effected  in  fifteen  days.  I 
believe  him  to  mean  what  he  says  :  and  I  interpret  him  by 
distributing  the  events  which  occurred  in  those  days,  as 
follows :  the  subject  necessarily  dividing  itself  into  ascent, 
summit,  descent. 

1.  Hannibal  forces  the  pass  of  Alps,  and  occupies  the  town 
beyond  it. 

2.  He  remains  encamped  at  the  town. 

3.  4,  5.  The  march  is  resumed,  and  continued  for  three 
days  without  interruption. 

6.  On  the  fourth  day  from  the  town,  Hannibal  holds  con- 
ference with  natives :  makes  treaty  with  them  :  receives 
supplies  and  hostages  :  they  attend  the  march. 

7.  8.  The  march  proceeds,  the  false  friends  accompany- 
ing it. 

8.  Hannibal  is  attacked  by  the  natives,  when  passing 
through  a  ravine ;  and  he  stays  back  with  part  of  the  army 
about  a  certain  White  Eock  during  the  night. 

9.  He  reaches  the  summit  early  in  the  morning,  and 
encamps. 

10.  He  remains  on  the  summit,  and  addresses  the  troops. 

11.  He  begins  the  descent :  comes  to  the  broken  way  : 
fails  in  an  attempt  to  get  round  it :  encamps,  and  commences 
the  repair  of  the  road :  which  becomes  practicable  for  horses 
by  the  morning. 


CHAP.  II.]  Asce7ii.     LittU  St.  Bernard.  193 

12.  The  cavalry  and  beasts  of  burthen,  with  the  chief  part 
of  the  infantry,  go  forward  :  the  work  of  repair  is  continued. 

13.  The  work  is  continued ;  and  a  passage  is  effected  for 
the  elephants,  who  are  moved  on  from  the  broken  way. 

14.  The  army  continues  the  descent. 

15.  The  advance  of  the  army  touches  the  plain. 


CHAPTER  II. 

Ascent  to  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  The  forcing  of  the  Mont  du 
Ghat,  and  occupation  of  Allobrogian  town.  Army  rests 
there  one  day.  On  fourth  day  of  marching  from  the  town, 
conference  with  natives,  who  attend  them  for  two  days. 
Bourg  St.  Maurice  and  environs.  The  Reclus.  Ravine 
and  Roche  Blanche.  Modern  evidence,  Melville.  Brocke- 
don.  Arnold.  Character  of  conflict.  Summit  reached  on 
the  marrow,  being  the  ninth  day  of  Alps. 

Those  who  will  examine  the  rise  to  the  Mont  du  Chat  from 
the  plain  of  Dauphin^  and  the  precipitous  descent  on  the 
other  side  to  the  level  which  leads  to  Chamb^ry,  will  probably 
acknowledge  the  scene  to  admit  of  the  incidents  related  by 
Polybius  on  the  first  assault  of  the  Alps  by  the  Carthaginians. 

In  1854,  from  the  garden  of  my  house  at  Aix,  I  had  in 
constant  view  an  indication  of  Hannibal's  track :  there  is  a 
notch  in  the  upper  line  of  the  mountain  ridge  seen  from  that 
side  of  the  lake,  which  announces  a  passage  at  this  part  of  the 
Grande  Chartreuse  range.  The  ground  on  the  Col  has  of 
course  been  greatly  altered  since  it  was  visited  by  Polybius : 
within  two  centuries  it  probably  was  disturbed  by  the  engineer- 
ing of  the  Romans,  who  constructed  a  military  way  through 
this  natural  opening.  Very  great  changes  and  improvements 
have  taken  place  in  our  own  days.     Objects  which  called 

VOL.  I.  o 


194  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  v. 

attention  in  1819  had  ceased  to  be  perceptible  in  1854.  Just 
before  I  left  Aix,  my  friend  Wickbam  came  over  to  me  from 
Geneva  for  a  day  or  two  :  we  went,  a  large  party,  across  the 
lake  with  our  donkeys ;  and,  having  passed  the  Col,  turned  to 
the  left  under  the  brow  of  the  mountain  to  a  farm  called  La 
Vacherie,  from  whence  the  young  and  active  usually  climb  to 
the  Dent  du  Chat,  and  enjoy,  if  atmosphere  is  propitious,  a 
glorious  view  of  Mont  Blanc.  My  friend  was  greatly  struck 
with  the  magnificent  road  made  since  he  had  examined  the 
pass,  by  the  King  of  Sardinia,  and  which,  keeping  near  to  the 
precipice  above  the  lake,  affords  by  zigzags  a  convenient  ascent. 
He  had  made  the  journey  with  Cramer  in  1819  in  a  two-horse 
car :  and,  though  it  was  evident  to  us  where  their  track  must 
have  been,  it  was  evident  only  because  it  could  be  nowhere 
else :  not  a  vestige  was  perceptible  to  the  eye,  to  show  that  a 
road  ever  had  been :  on  the  contrary,  it  seemed  impossible. 

The  Allohrogian  town. 

Commentators  have  desired  to  identify  some  known  place 
with  the  town  to  which  the  AUobroges  had  retired  for  the 
night,  and  which  after  their  defeat  on  the  following  day  was 
occupied  by  Hannibal.  H.  Long,  who  fights  the  battle  at 
Grenoble  before  he  comes  near  to  his  beginning  of  Alps, 
suggests  La  Tronche,  which  seems  almost  a  part  of  Grenoble. 
Larauza,  p.  103,  after  entering  the  defile  at  Aiguebelle,  says  : 
"  Entre  Argentil  et  Eypierre  on  aper9oit  divers  chemins  qui 
"  conduisent  aux  villages  jetes  9k  et  1^  dans  les  montagnes  : 
"  la  ville  prise  par  Annibal  devait  ^tre  situ^e  par  14  au  milieu 
"  des  monts  qu'on  a  sur  la  droite,  &c."  Mr.  Ellis,  in  his  track 
to  the  Maurienne,  fixes  upon  Allevard.  Wickham  and  Cramer, 
after  crossing  the  Mont  du  Chat,  suggest  Bourget.  If  called 
upon  to  give  a  name  to  the  town  spoken  of,  I  would  say  the 
village  of  Bordeau:  not  because  there  are  habitations  there 


CHAP.  II.]  Ascent     Little  St.  Bernard.     -  195 

now,  but  because  the  situation  is  just  below  the  col  of  the 
Chat.  I  do  not,  however,  perceive  that  we  need  find  any 
modem  place  for  representing  the  town  to  which  the  AUo- 
broges  retired ;  if  in  that  day  the  Gauls  of  this  district 
resembled  those  who  had  already  found  their  way  into  Italy 
(and  why  should  they  have  surpassed  them  in  refinement?)  : 
"  They  dwelt  in  unwalled  villages,  not  acquainted  with  arti- 
"  ficial  comforts :  with  their  beds  of  rushes  and  their  chief 
"  diet  of  meat :  practising  only  war  and  agriculture,  they  led 
"  simple  lives :  ignorant  of  other  science  or  art,  the  wealth  of 
"  each  was  his  cattle  and  his  gold ;  as  in  all  circumstances 
"  these  were  easy  to  be  shifted  with  themselves  at  their 
"  pleasure."*  The  town  whence  issued  the  disturbers  of  the 
march  of  Hannibal,  has  not  only  no  claim  to  present  identifi- 
cation, but  none  to  other  commemoration  of  history. 

March  renewed  after  a  day's  rest 

No  incidents  are  attributed  to  the  first  three  days  of  this 
onward  march  from  the  Allobrogian  town :  it  proceeded 
securely  and  without  aspect  of  danger,  (as  we  believe,  through 
Chamb^ry,  and  by  Montm^lian  up  the  Is^re,)  till  the  coming 
forth  of  the  natives  on  the  fourth  day.  All  that  we  read  is 
very  consistent  with  the  region  here  spoken  of :  the  booty  that 
was  obtained  after  the  defeat  of  the  Allobrogian  leaders  was  a 
probable  thing  in  the  country  near  Chamb^ry :  the  country 
forward  was  without  difficulty;  and  as  far  as  Conflans,  as 
thought  by  some,  it  continued  to  be  the  country  of  the 
Allobroges ;  whose  leaders,  if  any  survived,  might  be  satisfied 
with  the  defeat  which  they  had  sustained.  Mr.  Brockedon 
says  that  from  Montmelian  to  Conflans  the  road  ascends 
through  a  succession  of  beautiful  scenes ;  that  the  inhabitants 
are  numerous,  and  the  valley  highly  cultivated.     The  Oxford 

*  Polyb.  ii.  17. 
0  2 


196  Polyhim  interpixted:  [part  v. 

Dissertation  says :  "  From  Chaiiib^ry  to  Montm^lian  the  valley 
"  is  large  and  very  rich ;  and  from  thence  to  Conflans,  though 
"  not  quite  so  wide  as  the  valley  of  Gresivaudan,  it  is  still  very 
"  larsre.  For  six  miles  before  we  arrive  at  Conflans  the  road 
"  is  quite  straight,  very  fine  and  broad,  the  country  covered 
"  with  fine  wood  when  it  is  not  under  corn  or  vines."* 

In  this  part  of  the  progress  there  is  competition  between 
the  valley  of  the  Is^re  above  Montm61ian,  and  the  valley  of 
the  Arc.  They  who  will  investigate  the  characters  of  these 
two  approaches  to  the  main  chain,  will  find  along  the  Isere  a 
great  degree  of  richness  belonging  to  the  most  fertile  and 
most  populous  valley  of  the  Alps.  Along ,  the  Arc  they  will 
notice  variations  in  the  degree  of  barrenness  through  a  valley 
poor  in  produce  and  inhabitants.  This  characteristic  of  the 
approach  to  the  Cenis  is  differently  appreciated  by  those  who 
assert  its  claims.  Larauza,  seeing  that  the  country  traversed 
must  have  been  competent  to  support  a  population  such  as 
the  history  tells,  quotes  from  De  Saussure  a  sentence  or  two 
containing  some  faint  idea  of  vegetation ;  and  so  struggles  to 
bestow  fertility  on  the  barren  Maurienne.  Dr.  Ukert  con- 
fesses the  sterility,  and  treats  it  as  favouring  the  notion  that 
the  invaders  suffered  from  privations.  Mr.  Elli«  regards  the 
fertility  of  a  valley  as  a  matter  of  inference  rather  than  of 
fact :  and  deduces  its  productiveness  from  the  population  of 
the  entire  province  to  which  it  belongs  in  comparison  with 
that  of  other  Sardinian  provinces.  Thus,  as  there  is  no 
population  on  Mont  Blanc  or  Monte  Rosa,  and  a  very  small 
one  on  the  Great  St.  Bernard  and  other  tracts  within  the  very 
large  province  of  Aosta,  he  assumes  the  barrenness  of  the 
Val  d'Aosta  from  the  population  of  the  Province  of  that 
name.     Treatise,  pp.  156-7. 

*  M.  Replat's  theory  carrios  the  march  north-east  from  Conflans 
to  Beaufort,  thence  to  the  Bonhomme,  and  over  the  Col  de  la 
Seigne  down  the  All^e  Blanche. 


CHAP.  II.]  Ascent     Little  St.  Bernard.  197 

In  applying  time  and  events  to  the  track  which  I  support, 
I  will  pause,  as  may  be  convenient,  to  compare  it  with  other 
tracks,  in  respect  of  any  distinct  topic ;  but  shall  afterwards 
separately  point  out  any  further  objections  to  which  these 
may  appear  liable. 

Conference  with  Natives,  an  fourth  day  of  renewed  march. 

At  Conflans  we  suppose  the  natives  to  have  come  forth  with 
tokens  of  peace  and  amity,  and  to  have  conciliated  the  friend- 
ship of  the  invaders,  as  told  by  Polybius  in  the  52d  chapter. 
From  that  place,  now  Albertville,  we  suppose  the  march  to 
proceed  up  the  Is^e  by  the  usual  road  through  Moutiers  and 
Ayme  to  Bourg  St.  Maurice.  Some  writers  desire  to  fix 
precisely  the  point  of  each  night's  encampment,  I  pretend 
not  to  do  this  :  I  cannot  even  tell  what  progress  they  made 
beyond  Conflans  on  the  day  of  the  interview  with  the  natives. 
It  would  be  vain  to  delineate  each  mile  of  the  march,  either 
above  or  below  the  great  bend  of  the  river  at  Moutiers.  The 
circumstance  of  an  important  body  of  the  natives  coming 
forth  to  meet  them  with  professions  of  amity  was  likely  to 
take  place  on  the  confines  of  a  new  people,  and  Conflans 
appears  probable  :  but  there  are  no  incidents  in  the  narrative 
which  mark  the  track  by  any  special  features  of  country,  till 
we  draw  near  to  the  region  of  the  main  ascent.  We  only 
know,  that  a  portion  of  the  natives  were  for  two  days  accom- 
panying the  march,  acting  on  the  conspiracy  which  they  had 
formed  :  their  purpose  was  to  defer  the  onset  till  the  march 
should  be  coming  to  the  extremity  of  the  inhabited  district. 
It  is  to  be  presumed  that  the  route  in  use  would  always 
attend  the  course  of  the  river :  and  this  route,  though  in  parts 
difficult,  afterwards  became  the  line  of  the  Eoman  way  :  the 
Itinerary  gives  34  miles  from  Ad  Publicanos  (Conflans)  to 
Bergintrum  (Bourg  St.  Maurice) :  Darantasia  (Tarentaise)  is 
about  midway  between  those  places. 


198  Folyhius  interpreted.  [pakt  v. 

Bourg  St.  Maurice  and  the  environs. 

We  read  that  on  the  second  day  from  that  on  which  the 
conference  with  the  natives  took  place,  the  armament  was 
suddenly  attacked  in  passing  through  a  difficult  defile.  Now 
it  is  clear  that  the  conflict  which  here  ensued  must  have  been 
near  to  the  great  mountain  of  the  pass :  for  on  the  morrow 
Hannibal  was  encamped  on  the  summit,  gaining  it  on  the 
ninth  day  of  Alps.  Thus  the  scene  of  this  engagement  is 
looked  for  under  the  control  of  intelligible  limits,  being 
clearly  within  a  day's  march  of  the  summit,  which  Hannibal 
must  have  intended  to  reach  on  the  day  when  the  attack  was 
made.  There  is  also  a  particularity  of  circumstance  in  the 
story  of  it,  which  may  be  expected  not  to  suit  the  approach 
to  one  mountain  so  well  as  the  approach  to  another.  Let  us 
endeavour  to  apprehend  the  nature  of  country  and  of  the 
movements  ;  and  consider  whether  the  facts  related  may  have 
occurred  in  the  regions  to  which  we  assign  them. 

The  traveller,  before  he  approaches  Bourg  St.  Maurice,  has 
been  released  from  the  closer  contractions  of  the  valley  of  the 
Is^re.  The  place  stands  in  meadow  ground  on  the  right  bank 
of  the  river ;  and,  as  you  go  down  towards  it  along  the  side  of 
the  mountain  below  which  it  stands,  you  look  forwards  over 
the  town,  when  a  mile  or  more  distant,  to  that  open  ground 
beyond  it  which  has  been  called  the  plain  of  Scez,  with  the 
Graian  Alp  beyond  in  the  distance.  The  oblong-looking  sur- 
face of  this  plain,  so  viewed  afar  off,  might  be  thought  level  : 
but  it  has  a  decided  acclivity :  it  may  be  a  mile  and  a  half  in 
length;  less  in  width.         ' 

I  have  the  impression  that,  in  so  descending  upon  Bourg 
St.  Maurice,  and  looking  over  and  beyond  the  town,  there  was 
presented  to  the  eye  with  some  distinctness  that  seeming 
plain,  enclosed  as  it  were  in  a  frame  of  four  sides.  The  Ishe, 
whose  direction  has  been  changed  before  it  comes  to  Bourg  St. 


CHAP.  II.]  Ascent.    Little  St.  Bernard.  199 

Maurice,  may  be  called  the  under  line :  pine-clad  mountains 
make  the  opposite  or  upper  side ;  and  a  similar  boundary  is 
continued  on  the  right-hand  side  :  while  on  the  left  is  a  bare 
crumbling  mountain,  below  which  the  Eeclus  is  making  its- 
way  towards  you.  In  the  lower  right-hand  comer  of  the 
picture  is  the  village  of  Scez  :  in  the  upper  left-hand  corner 
is  the  XevKowerpov  of  Polybius.  Carrying  your  sight  over  the 
opening  there,  you  have  the  Alpis  Graia  in  the  distance.* 

After  you  have  passed  through  St.  Maurice,  and  are  pro- 
ceeding up  the  right  bank  of  Is^re,  the  Versoy  torrent  crosses 
you  from  the  left,  bringing  the  waters  from  above  Chapiu  :  and 
presently  the  Reclus  comes  in,  running  directly  towards  you 
from  the  Little  St.  Bernard :  and  being  crossed,  also  falls  into 
the  Is^re  :  which  river  has  bent  his  course  towards  you,  from 
the  mountains  above  Scez,  among  whom  his  higher  stream  is 
lost  to  the  eye. 

The  Reclus. 

The  Eeclus  has  risen  under  the  brink  of  the  summit  plain 
of  the  Graian  Alp,  and  falling  rapidly  for  some  miles  in  a 
chasm  or  trough  between  mountains  that  swell  on  either  side, 
it  has  at  length  to  struggle  through  large  masses  of  rock,  now 
confusedly  piled  together  just  under  the  White  Eock,  which 
stands  erect  on  the  left  bank,  facing  the  precipitous  ascent  to 
St.  Germain :  it  escapes  through  a  bridge :  and,  flowing  on 
under  the  mountain  on  its  right  bank  with  the  plain  of  Scez 
on  the  left,  falls,  as  stated  above,  into  the  Is^re. 

The  present  travelling  route  from  Bourg  St.  Maurice  to  the 
summit,  having  crossed  the  Eeclus  just  above  where  it  falls 
into  the  Is^re,  comes  to  Scez.  There  you  leave  the  valley  of 
the  Isere,  and  proceed  diagonally  over  what  I  call  the  plain 

*  See,  in  Oxford  Dissertation,  sketch  of  the  Passage  over  the 
Little  St.  Bernard. 


200  Polybius  interpreted.  [part  v. 

of  Scez,  passing  northwards  through  the  small  village  of 
Villars,  to  the  corner  where  the  White  Kock  overhangs  the 
Eeclus.  The  road  crosses  this  river  by  the  bridge  close  to 
the  end  of  that  rock,  and  is  carried  in  zigzags  up  the  pre- 
cipitous mountain  on  the  other  side :  on  which  is  placed  the 
village  of  St.  Germain.  It  then  keeps  the  high  ground  on 
the  right  bank  of  the  torrent,  far  above  and  out  of  sight  of  its 
channel. 

Since  I  rode  up  through  St.  Germain  on  a  mule  in  1854,  I 
have  referred  to  Brockedon's  portrait  of  the  'KevKoirerpov  in 
his  "  Passes  of  the  Alps."  He  does  not  introduce  the  opposite 
precipice  with  its  church  and  houses  :  I  conceive  that,  though 
not  so  perpendicular,  it  rises  the  higher  of  the  two.  The 
position  which  he  took  for  making  this  drawing  must  have 
turned  his  view  not  directly  across  the  stream,  but  more  to 
the  right  beyond  the  village ;  and  perhaps  the  sketch  was  not 
finished  on  the  spot,  but  part  left  to  be  filled  up  from  memory : 
for  I  can  hardly  think  that  there  exists  the  gentle  ascent 
which  is  represented  on  the  right  bank  from  near  the  level  of 
the  torrent.  Not  that  any  impressions  of  scenery  which  I 
may  retain  from  that  expedition  can  claim  to  be  relied  on : 
but  in  this  instance  I  feel  confirmed  by  sketches  of  my 
companion. 

I  see  no  reason  that  it  may  not  always  have  been  prac- 
ticable for  a  pedestrian  from  Bourg  St.  Maurice  to  make  his 
ascent  to  the  Graian  Alp  by  keeping  the  mountain  brow  on 
the  right  bank  of  the  Eeclus  without  ever  crossing  it ;  or  by 
keeping  the  brow  of  the  mountain  above  Scez  without  ever 
recrossing  that  torrent.  But  the  middle  course  over  the  plain 
by  the  ravine  and  White  Eock,  is  that  to  which  the  contro- 
versy directs  our  attention;  being  that  which  has  been  brought 
into  use  by  modern  art,  and  which  seems  recorded  as  matter 
of  history  2,000  years  ago.  Believing  that  the  army  entered 
that  plain,  and  that  there  the  assault  of  the  barbarians  took 


CHAP,  n.]  Ascent.     Little  St.  Bernard.  201 

place,  we  desire  to  note  all  circumstances  clearly ;  though  they 
may  not  all  be  essential  for  establisliing  that  the  march  was 
over  the  Little  St.  Bernard. 


The  Ravine  and  Roche  Blanche. 

We  read  that  the  lateral  attack,  with  rocks  and  stones,  was 
made  upon  Hannibal's  troops  as  they  were  passing  through  a 
difficult  ravine ;  and  that  a  large  part  of  their  force  remained 
during  the  night  near  a  certain  white  rock.  The  rock  is 
obvious  :  the  ravine  is  open  to  speculation  :  for,  strange  as  it 
may  appear,  the  ground  has  not,  that  I  can  learn,  been  sur- 
veyed so  as  to  be  duly  evidenced.  The  tracks  which  suggest 
the  idea  of  a  ravine,  <j)dpar/^,  are  the  channel  of  the  Eeclus 
itself,  which  runs  at  the  foot  of  the  rock ;  and  one,  which  is 
supposed  to  have  been  the  course  of  the  Eoman  road  behind 
the  rock. 

.  Neither  of  these  passages  has  ever  received  a  sufficient 
description  in  any  published  work  ;  no  modern  author  has  ever 
reported  himself  to  have  explored  either  of  them.  Polybius 
may  have  been  prepared  with  some  information  concerning 
a  ravine  and  a  white  rock  before  he  made  his  journey ; 
such  information  having  been  first  derived  from  Carthaginian 
prisoners,  or  from  Italian  friends  of  the  invasion  who  had 
accompanied  it.  When  he  reached  the  scenes  we  speak  of, 
he  would  himself  have  to  conjecture  which  was  the  ravine 
where  the  van  of  the  march  was  assailed ;  and  we  have  to 
conjecture  now,  which  was  the  place  that  his  mind  recognised, 
when  he  used  the  terms,  <l>dpay^  or  ■)(apdhpa.  I  will  advert 
to  what  has  been  said  by  modern  writers  on  the  two  passages 
alluded  to. 

In  the  Oxford  Dissertation,  p.  91,  the  description  is 
this  :— 

"  On  the  left  bank,  just  above  the  bridge  by  which  the  modern 


202  PolyUm  inter^yreted.  [part  v. 

"  road  crosses  the  Eeclus,  stands  a  high  white  rock  of  gypsum, 
"  called  in  the  country  universally  La  Koche  Blanche.  The 
*'  Eeclus  runs  under  its  side,  and  is  confined  in  a  very  deep 
"  rocky  channel.  On  the  other  side  of  the  rock  is  a  woody 
"  ravine,  through  which  another  small  stream  flows,  which 
"  afterwards  comes  down  through  Villars  to  Scez.  The 
"  remains  of  the  Roman  road  made  by  Augustus  have  been 
"  discovered  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Villars,  and  it  probably 
"  went  up  this  woody  ravine  in  the  manner  laid  down  in  the 
"  plan.*  From  the  words  used  by  Polybius,  (pdpayya  tlvo. 
**  Bvcr^drov  koI  KpTj/juvmSrj,  which  apply  extremely  well  to  the 
"  bed  of  the  Eeclus,  we  might  be  tempted  to  suppose  that  the 
"  army  had  marched  up  this  torrent :  but  this  passage  would 
"  have  been  so  difficult,  that  I  can  hardly  conceive  it  possible 
"  to  have  been  accomplished.  The  Eoman  road,  though  very 
"  much  exposed  to  the  attacks  of  the  barbarians,  would  have 
*'  been  more  easy." 

This  statement  invites  comment  on  the  two  tracks  mentioned. 
Now  that  which  is  up  the  bed  of  the  Eeclus  is,  I  conceive,  at 
the  present  day  not  only  extremely  difficult,  but  utterly  im- 
possible :  yet  it  need  not  have  been  so  2,000  years  ago.  The 
bridge  is  now  just  below  the  end  of  the  white  cliff;  and  the 
traveller,  in  crossing  it,  hardly  sees  the  river  running  to  him : 
for  a  high  mass  of  large  accumulated  rocks,  covering  the 
stream,  prohibits  all  prospect  in  that  direction.  In  the 
precipitous  ascent  through  St.  Germain,  I  certainly  do  not 
remember  that  I  could  see  the  torrent  at  all,  as  it  flows  to 
that  great  obstruction :  and,  when  we  had  attained  the  higher 
ground  above  St.  Germain,  and  were  advancing  towards  the 
Little  St.  Bernard,  the  channel  was  too  deeply  sunk  below  for 
one  to  perceive  the  character  of  its  immediate  banks.  I  am 
not  aware  that  any  investigator  has  scrambled  down  to  it  for 
the  purpose  of  examination ;  but  believe  that  our  acquaintance 
*  Sketch  of  the  Passage  in  that  work. 


CHAP.  II.]  Ascent.    Little  St.  Bernard.  203 

with  this  ^dpar/^  is  limited  to  the  fact  that  there  is  now  no 
entrance  to  it. 

But  this  does  not  conclude  the  subject  of  inquiry:  two 
thousand  years  ago  the  passage  may  have  been  free  from  the 
masses  of  rock  by  which  it  is  now  blocked  up  ;  these  deposits 
may  not  at  that  time  have  been  detached  from  the  mountains 
and  brought  into  their  present  position,  where  they  are  arrested 
by  the  narrowness  of  the  channel  between  two  precipitous 
sides.  When  these  obstructions  did  not  exist,  the  shape  of 
this  trough  and  the  character  of  its  banks  onwards  may  have 
permitted  the  operations  which  the  history  describes :  the 
immediate  banks  of  the  stream  higher  up  may  not  be  very 
steep  ;  and  the  onward  tread  of  man  and  beast  need  not  have 
been  limited  to  the  soil  which  is  covered  by  the  waters.  I 
would  observe  also,  that  the  sides  which  were  pre-occupied  by 
the  assailants  must  have  been  practicable  :  if  very  steep,  they 
would  not  themselves  have  moved  so  nimbly  along  them  :  and, 
if  very  rugged,  there  would  not  have  been  due  freedom  for  the 
rolling  of  rocks  and  the  hurling  of  stones,  which  are  the  acts 
of  hostility  recorded. 

On  the  19th  September,  1854,  as  I  looked  on  the  stream 
just  below  the  bridge,  it  seemed,  that  one  might  have  stepped 
across  from  one  stone  to  another,  without  much  wetting  the 
shoes.  I  know  not  in  what  state  it  was  a  month  later  :  but 
there  was  only  one  day  of  rain  at  Courmayeur  in  the  interval 
to  the  25th  October,  when  my  son  walked  over  the  mountain 
on  his  return  to  Oxford :  the  weather  was  rough,  but  no  snow 
lay  on  the  plain  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  On  the  11th  No- 
vember, another  friend,  bound  for  London,  took  the  same  walk 
from  Courmayeur,  and  had  no  snow  in  his  path.  They  did 
not,  however,  notice  the  stream.  It  would  be  vain  to  insist  on 
the  particular  state  of  this  channel  in  the  time  of  Hannibal, 
either  in  regard  to  rock  or  water :  no  one,  that  I  am  aware  of, 
takes  the  trouble  to  examine  it  now :  and  I  can  fully  believe. 


204  Polyhiits  interpreted.  [i'ART  v> 

that  the  enormous  rocks  which  blockade  it  have  arrived  since 
that  period :  it  may  be  that  neither  rock  nor  water  at  that 
time  prohibited  the  progress  of  the  expedition. 

As  to  the  other  suggested  passage  in  rear  of  the  White  Eock, 
the  sketch,  in  the  Oxford  Dissertation,  gives  the  line  of  it, 
and  shows  the  rounded  and  worn-out  end  of  the  Eoche  Blanche 
standing  into  the  plain  of  Scez,  and  a  second  similar  projection 
into  it  from  the  mountain  behind  the  rock,  at  some  distance 
to  the  south-east,  with  a  line  drawn  between  them  to  represent 
the  Eoman  track.  Afterwards,  p.  95,  they  say :  "  It  had  been 
"  in  Bonaparte's  contemplation  to  carry  a  new  road  up  the 
"  ravine  where  the  Eoman  one  passed,  and  we  saw  traces  of 
"  the  preparations  that  had  been  made  for  it."  Wlien  I  passed 
through  Villars  to  the  bridge,  I  was  wholly  unconscious  of 
this  second  promontory,  or  of  any  sort  of  opening  in  the 
mountain  after  passing  Villars :  my  impending  illness  had 
subdued  all  energy,  and  power  of  scrutiny  ;  and  I  omitted  to 
look  out  for  it. 

General  Melville  first  noticed  the  White  Eock,  as  illustrating 
the  statement  of  Polybius.  His  notes  have  never  been  pub- 
lished, but  M.  De  Luc,  who  had  them,  writes  thus  :* — "  Ces 
"  circonstances  et  une  autre  dont  je  vais  faire  mention,  firent 
"  juger  au  General  Melville,  lorsqu'il  traversa  cette  montagne, 
"  que,  dans  le  tems  d'Annibal,  la  route  ne  traversoit  pas  le 
"  torrent,  mais  qu'elle  montoit  le  long  de  sa  rive  gauche. 
"  D'apres  cette  opinion,  formee  par  la  lecture  de  Polybe  et 
"  I'inspection  des  lieux,  le  general  auroit  voulu  monter  par 
"  Ik  pour  examiner  cette  vallee  de  plus  pres  :  mais  son  guide 
"  s'y  opposa,  en  disant  que  c'etoit  un  vieux  chemin  tres 
"  mauvais,  abandonn^  depuis  longtemps,  et  que  les  contre- 
"  handlers  seuls  frequentaient :  il  ajouta,  que  depuis  la  route 
"  actuelle  qui  suit  la  rive  droite  du  torrent,  il  pourroit  ais^- 
"  ment  juger  de  la  nature  de  I'ancienne.  Le  General  Melville 
*  2d  edition.     1825.     P.  173. 


CHAP.  II.]  Ascent     Little  St.  Bernard.  205 

"  remarqua,  qu'en  effet  le  local  repondoit  parfaitement  k  la 
"  description  que  fait  Polybe  d'un  passage  difficile  au  pied 
"  d'une  tnontagne  escarpee."  I  conceive  this  to  refer  to  some 
onward  point  high  above  the  right  bank,  after  you  have  left 
St.  Germain,  and  are  beyond  those  heights  which  face  the 
Eoche  Blanche,  and  can  look  back  to  the  exit  from  the  second 
ravine  said  to  be  behind  that  rock. 

Mr.  Brockedon  has  spoken  of  Hannibal's  passage  not  only  in 
his  admirable  work  on  the  "  Passes  of  the  Alps,"  but  in  other 
publications.  In  a  journal  of  an  excursion  in  the  Alps,  third 
edition,  1845,  p.  148,  after  saying  that  "Hannibal  passed  around 
and  behind  the  Eoche  Blanche,"  he  adds  :  "  In  the  surveys  of 
"  this  pass  which  were  made  under  Napoleon,  in  contem- 
"  plation  of  the  formation  of  a  carriage-road  over  the  Little 
"  St.  Bernard,  the  engineers  were  led  to  decide  upon  the  old 
"  Eoman  road  as  the  intended  line."  I  remember  hearing 
Mr.  Brockedon  speak  as  having  some  acquaintance  with  that 
ravine,  if  such  it  should  be  called  :  but  I  do  not  feel  certain 
whether  he  said  that  he  had  gone  through  it.  I  believe  that 
neither  he  nor  any  one  has  written  on  the  interior  of  such  a 
passage.  As  to  the  angiistice  of  the  Eeclus  itself,  all  I  know 
with  certainty  is,  that  it  is  impenetrable  now.  A  man  might, 
I  apprehend,  go  forward  and  climb  down  to  it,  and  make 
examination  of  it.  A  day  devoted  to  this  task  would  be  a 
day  well  spent. 

Such  are  statements  made  by  modern  authors,  which  seem 
to  affect  the  question  on  the  ravine  of  Polybius.  On  the 
XevKoirerpov,  I  should  say  that,  whatever  ascent  of  Alps  may 
pretend  to  be  that  of  Hannibal,  it  ought  to  exhibit  a  rock 
corresponding  with  that  of  Polybius :  he  rarely  notices  local 
peculiarities,  and,  when  he  has  pointedly  marked  an  object 
like  this,  we  may  expect  it  to  admit  of  recognition  at  the 
present  day. 

Some  theories  exhibit  a  XevKOTrerpov :  not  all.     M.  Larauza 


206  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  v. 

found  it  in  the  Eocher  de  la  Barmette  between  Termignon 
and  Lanslebourg.  Mr.  Ellis  found  it  in  the  rock  of  Baune, 
between  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne  and  S.  Michel ;  and  we 
accept  the  whiteness  of  those  rocks  on  their  reports.  A 
writer  in  "  Blackwood's  Magazine  "  of  June,  1845,  says  that 
he  found  it  on  the  summit  of  Mont  Cenis,  "  of  magnitude  to 
be  a  place  of  night  refuge  to  Hannibal" !  Some  see  no 
occasion  to  point  out  a  white  rock :  M.  Letronne,  on  behalf 
of  Mont  Gen^vre,  intimates,  Janv.  1819,  that  he  could 
find  one  for  his  theory  if  he  tried :  "  II  n'existe  point  de 
"  passage  dans  les  Alpes  oii  Ton  ne  trouvat  quelque  roche 
"  blanche,  puisqu'il  y  a  de  gypses  blanchatres  sur  tons  les 
"  cols  de  la  chalne."  M.  Larauza  says  of  this  assertion : 
"  Elle  est,  je  crois,  fort  hasarde  :  j'avoue,  pour  mon  compte, 
"  que  sur  les  points  que  j'ai  parcouru  en  traversant  soit  le 
"  Simplon,  soit  le  Grand  St.  Bernard,  soit  le  Mont  Gen^vre, 
"  je  n'ai  remarque  nulle  part  de  montagne  de  gypse  dont 
"  la  blancheur  fut  sensible."  The  Little  St.  Bernard  is  not 
among  M.  Larauza's  exclusions. 

M.  Letronne,  however,  seems  to  deny  that  XevKoirerpov  is  a 
white  rock :  he  relies  on  the  translation  by  Schweighseuser, 
"  deserta  nudaque  petra,"  and  says :  "  II  est  facheux  pour  cette 
"  decouverte  du  General  Melville,  que  dans  Polybe  le  mot 
"  XevKOTrerpov,  qui  revient  plusieurs  fois,  soit  pris  comme  le 
"  XeayireTpa  des  autres  auteurs,  pour  Xeto?  X/^09,  et  ne  signifie 
"  rien  autre  chose  que  roche  nue,  escarp^e  :  c'est  ce  qui  est 
"  prouve  surtout  par  un  passage  du  livre  X."  "  Revient 
plusieurs  fois "  is  a  very  rash  expression  :  the  followers  of 
M.  Letronne  are  welcome  to  conceive  that  Xev/c6<;  may  mean 
"  smooth  ; "  but,  whatever  it  means,  it  recurs  in  Polybius,  not 
"  plusieurs  fois,"  but  only  in  that  one  passage  x.  30.  5.  He 
is  describing  the  progress  of  an  army  through  a  defile  in 
Hyrcania,  obstructed  by  masses  of  rock  fallen  from  precipices 
on  either  side  ;  and  he  states  that,  while  the  lieavy  forces 


CHAP.  II.]  Ascent.     Little  St.  Bernard.  207 

were  obliged  to  proceed  along  the  bottom  of  the  valley,  an 
ascent  Bv  avrcov  r&v  XevKOTr'rpcov  was  not  impracticable  to 
the  light-armed  troops.  I  have  no  authority  to  refer  to  for 
the  character  and  colour  of  these  Hyrcanian  rocks  :  the  pre- 
sumption is  that  they  were  white,  shining,  conspicuous  ;  they 
may  also  have  been  bare,  and  steep,  and  slippery.  But  Xev/co? 
vi  termini  imports  none  of  these  latter  qualities  ;  any  face  of 
rock,  not  obscured  by  vegetable  matter,  whether  it  be  gypsum, 
limestone,  granite,  or  any  other,  is  bare,  uncovered ;  but  such 
is  not  the  sense  of  Xeu/co?  ;  the  primary  sense  is  "  conspicuous," 
from  Xao),  video.  The  meanings  "  bright "  and  "  white  "  are 
not  far  removed :  those  terms  represent  the  effect  of  colour  to 
the  eye.  Bareness  may  be  a  cause  of  conspicuousness ;  but 
it  is  not  sufficiently  akin  to  the  original  sense  that  it  should 
be  represented  by  the  same  word.  When  a  lady's  arms  are 
uncovered,  you  may  apply  the  epithet  Xev/ctwXevo? ;  but  we 
do  not  construe  \€vKco\evo<;  "Hprj,  bare-armed  Juno. 

I  believe  that  the  word  XevKOTrerpov,  as  meaning  an  indi- 
vidual of  a  species,  is  found  in  no  other  author,  and  only  in 
these  two  passages  of  Polybius.  But  we  find  the  same  com- 
bination in  proper  names  ;  and  in  such  instances  the  names 
have  been  bestowed  upon  rocks  or  mountains,  for  the  reason 
that  they  are  white.  There  is  XevKOTrerpa  on  the  coast  of 
Italy,  of  which  Strabo  says,  p.  259,  cltto  Be  toO  ^Frjylov  TrXiovri 
TTpcx;  €0)  AevKoirerpav  Kokova-cv  dfcpav  airo  7^9  %/)oa9,  "  They 
"  call  the  promontory,  which  you  approach  coasting  southward 
"  from  Ehegium,  Leucopetra  from  its  colour."  So  \evKa  opr) 
in  Crete  are  reputed  to  have  their  name  from  their  constant 
covering  of  snow.  Theophrastus  says,  iv.  1,  ev  KprjTrj  yovv 
^aalv  iv  Toi<i  *lBaioL<:  opecri  koX  Tol<i  AevKoc^  /caXovfJL6Voi<i, 
o^Trep  ovBiiroTe  iKkelirei  %tft)v,  KxnrdpLTTOv  elvai,  "  They  say 
"  that  in  Crete  the  cypress  is  found  in  the  mountains  of  Ida, 
"  and  in  those  called  Leuca,  which  are  never  free  from  snow." 
Pliny,  xvi.  60,  describes  those  mountains  in  the  same  way — 


208  PolyUus  interpreted.  [part  v. 

"  Quos  Albos  vocant,  unde  nives  nunquam  absunt."  If 
Polybius  had  lived  a  century  later,  and  had  been  the  friend 
of  Caesar  instead  of  Scipio,  he  might  have  applied  XevKoirerpov 
to  the  Dover  cliff,  and  we  should  have  construed  Xeu/co?  white. 
For  the  same  sufficient  reason  the  rock  in  question  has  been 
called  Roche  Blanche. 


Dr.  Arnold  on  the  Defile  and  White  Rock. 

On  so  important  a  matter  as  the  scene  of  this  engagement, 
which  we  believe  to  have  taken  place  when  the  armament 
had  quitted  the  Is^re  and  was  pushing  on  to  the  summit,  the 
views  of  Dr.  Arnold  must  not  be  left  uimoticed ;  for  he  has 
expressed  them  on  this  latter  part  of  the  ascent.  He  prefaces 
them  with  a  fact  which  does  not  appear  in  Polybius,  saying, 
Hist.  iii.  p.  87  :  "  It  appears  that  the  barbarians  persuaded 
"  Hannibal  to  pass  through  one  of  these  defiles  instead  of 
"  going  round  it ;  and,  while  his  whole  army  was  involved  in 
"  it,  they  suddenly,  and  without  a  provocation,  as  we  are  told, 
"  attacked  him."  Now  there  is  nothing  in  Polybius  on 
Hannibal's  getting  into  a  wrong  course,  or  of  his  wavering  as 
to  the  line  of  march,  or  of  the  natives  obtaining  his  confidence 
and  guiding  the  march.  His  feeling  towards  them  is  told  in 
(TvvvTreKpWrj  riOea-Oat,  (f>Ckiav  irpo^  avTov^.     iii.  c.  52. 

Some  may  infer  from  the  word  KaOrj^efioaLv,  that  these 
natives  must  have  become  the  authors  of  a  track  of  march  to 
be  adopted  by  the  general,  and  may  assume  that  they  led 
him  into  a  false  track,  though  no  such  fact  is  told.  This  is 
not  reasonable  :  the  inhabitants  of  a  country  can  be  useful  to 
soldiers  as  to  others,  and  may  be  called  guides  without  being 
the  directors  of  a  line  of  movement.  Can  we  believe  that 
these  barbarians  were  in  the  counsels  of  Hannibal?  The 
friends  from  the  Italian  plain,  Magilus  and  his  companions, 
enjoyed  his  confidence ;  they  were  pledged  otI  KaOrfynaovrat 


CHAP.  II.]  Accent.     Little  St.  Bernard.  209 

Sia  Toirtov  TOLovrcov,  &c.  The  useful  spies,  who  ascertained 
the  enemy's  plans  at  the  first  Alps,  also  called  guides, 
/cadrjyovfjbevoi,  were  in  a  trust  superior  to  that  of  the  bar- 
barians of  the  Is^re :  it  was  policy  to  tolerate  the  attendance 
of  the  latter,  and  to  put  on  the  semblance  of  trusting  them  ; 
but  there  is  no  hint  that  Hannibal  ever  ceased  to  suspect 
them,  or  laid  aside  his  precautions.  Who,  then,  can  believe 
that  they  were  allowed  to  interfere  with  the  route  of  the 
army?  On  the  wise  direction  of  this  all  safety  depended. 
Hannibal  had  those  whom  he  could  trust;  and  the  entire 
narrative  imports  that  he  kept  his  intended  track.  If  he  had 
withdrawn  his  confidence  from  approved  friends,  and  trans- 
ferred it  to  the  natives  of  the  invaded  valley,  the  success 
of  treachery  might  have  been  realized  at  Scez,  and  the  arma- 
ment have  been  forwarded  to  destruction  on  the  glaciers  of 
the  Isere. 

Dr.  Arnold  may  be  considered  as  assenting  to  our  march 
till  it  ultimately  quits  the  Is^re,  though  he  is  not  prepared  so 
to  construe  Polybius.  He  had  examined  these'  scenes  more 
than  once:  and  it  would  be  interesting  to  know  which  he 
looked  upon  as  the  right  path,  which  Hannibal  was  dissuaded 
from  following.  He  seems  almost  to  assent  to  the  channel  of 
the  Eeclus  as  that  which  he  did  follow :  for  he  says  in  his  own 
history :  "  At  last  Hannibal  with  his  own  infantry  forced  his 
"  way  to  the  summit  of  one  of  the  bare  cliffs  overhanging  the 
"  defile,  and  remained  there  during  the  night."  Polybius  says 
nothing  about  "  the  summit  of  the  cliff,"  but  "  cliff  overhanging  " 
the  defile  "  rather  accords  with  Eoche  Blanche  and  the  Eeclus. 
Dr.  Arnold  does  not  otherwise  favour  our  XevKoirerpov :  he 
says,  iii.  480,  note  M. : — "  I  lay  no  stress  upon  the  Eoche 
"  Blanche  :  it  did  not  strike  me,  when  I  saw  it,  as  at  aU  con- 
"  spicuous  :  nor  does  XevKoirerpov  mean  any  remarkably  white 
"  cliff,  but  simply  one  of  those  bare  limestone  cliffs  which  are 
"  so  common  in  the  Alps  and  Apennines."    In  this  Dr.  Arnold 

VOL.  I.  P 


210  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  v. 

follows  Schweigliseuser  and  Letronne.  But  the  rock  is  not 
limestone :  I  am  assured  that  it  is  common  plaster-stone ; 
gypsum ;  hydrated  sulphate  of  lime.  I  have  had  opportunity 
to  get  one  for  myself,  and  have  specimens  from  H.  Long  and 
Brockedon.  When  broken,  it  has  the  whiteness  of  fine  loaf 
sugar  :  and  though  the  brilliancy  will  not  be  sustained  under 
exposure  to  climate,  we  may  think  that  a  lengthened  precipice 
of  such  material  was  well  selected  by  Polybius  to  mark  the 
scene  which  he  commemora.tes. 

It  is  curious,  that  the  two  ravines  near  the  White  Kock, 
whose  existence  is  testified  by  the  clearest  evidence,  and 
which  invite  the  attention  of  every  one  who  knows  the  con- 
troversy on  the  ascent  of  this  mountain,  should  be  so  im- 
perfectly explored.  I  cannot  myself  doubt  'that  both  were 
used  by  the  combatants  of  118  B.C.  But  the  blocks  of 
mountain  rock  which  have  come  to  choke  up  the  trough  of 
the  Eeclus,  have,  I  suppose,  dissuaded  all  from  exerting  them- 
selves to  the  examination  of  its  present  state ;  so  as  to  see 
what  it  woufd  be  without  the  rocks.  As  to  the  hinder  ravine 
to  the  east,  one  would  think  that  it  must  always  have  been 
comparatively  easy ;  but  of  that  also  there  is  no  published 
account.  General  Melville  abstained  from  exploring  it,  and 
Mr.  Brockedon,  if  he  went  through  it,  has  never  printed  an 
account  of  his  doing  so. 

Accordingly  doubt  may  remain  as  to  which  of  the  two 
ravines  is  the  defile  where  Polybius  conceived  the  enemy  to 
have  made  preparations  for  overwhelming  the  invaders  with 
missiles.  If  some  sensible  man  will  make  his  abode  for  two 
or  three  days  at  Bourg  St.  Maurice  or  Scez,  and  will  investi- 
gate the  ground  through  both  ravines,  he  may  throw  con- 
clusive light  on  these  difficulties.  But  the  solution  of  them 
is  by  no  means  essential  to  our  main  question.  If  the 
Carthaginian  army  ever  came  to  the  site  of  Bourg  St.  Maurice, 
there  was  no  choice  on  their  further  way  to  Italy. 


CHAP.  II.]  Ascent     Little  St.  Bernard.  211 

Character  of  the  Conflict. 

Having  collected  some  statements  of  modern  witnesses  on 
the  scene  of  action,  it  is  expedient  to  notice,  in  addition,  the 
character  of  the  conflict  as  seen  in  a  few  facts  alleged  by  the 
historian,  and  to  apply  the  tale  of  what  was  done  by  the 
combatants,  whether  in  attack  or  defence,  to  the  scenes  we 
speak  of.  Polybius  states  that  the  barbarians  assailed  the 
Carthaginian  armament  on  their  march  through  a  difficult 
defile ;  and  that  the  heavy  armed  infantry,  who  were  in  the 
rear,  withstood  the  onset  and  saved  the  army.  Nevertheless 
a  considerable  loss  was  sustained :  and  he  gives  the  reason 
why  a  great  number,  not  only  of  men,  but  of  horses  and 
baggage-cattle,  who  were  in  the  van,  were  destroyed :  the 
cause  was  in  the  nature  of  the  hostilities  practised  in  the 
ravine,  the  stratagem  of  injury  by  missiles.  This  inflicted 
much  loss :  but  the  main  onset  was  from  the  rear,  and  was 
repelled  by  the  heavy  troops — eo-je^av  rrjv  iirn^opav  rcov 
^ap^dpwv.  It  seems  that,  before  the  column  of  march  had 
arrived  at  the  defile,  a  certain  multitude  of  the  barbarians 
had  already  occupied  it,  and  taken  post  on  the  lateral  slopes, 
so  as  to  be  able  to  inflict  injury  in  the  way  described :  these, 
who  so  got  forward,  had  deliberately  prepared  themselves  for 
handling  their  weapons,  rocks  and  stones.  It  became  then 
essential  that  Hannibal's  heavy  battalions,  who  sustained  the 
weight  of  the  enemy  in  the  plain,  should  arrest  their  further 
ingress  into  the  defile ;  not  only  by  excluding  them  from  the 
direct  entrance,  but  by  opposing  their  endeavours  to  get 
round  by  any  way  towards  the  head  of  the  column  which  was 
moving  onwards,  and  to  prohibit  any  attempt  upon  the 
heights  which  skirt  the  plain  behind  the  White  Eock,  or  which 
belong  to  the  other  side  of  the  Eeclus.  If  the  mass  of  the 
barbarians  had  not  thus  been  kept  back,  the  artillery  which 
molested  the   advance  in  the   defile   would   have   received 

p  2 


212  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  v. 

continual  reinforcements,  and  the  passage  would  not  easily 
have  been  purged  of  their  harassing  assaults. 

It  is  clear  that  the  natives  never  attacked  front  to  front :  if 
the  dwellers  on  the  Iske  could  have  brought  out  their 
strength  in  time  to  face  the  invaders,  they  would  not  have 
done  it :  their  object  was  plunder  with  the  smallest  risk  to 
themselves.  Had  they  attacked  at  a  lower  part  of  the  valley 
of  the  Is^re,  there  would  have  been  danger  of  retaliation 
upon  their  own  possessions.  The  scenes  were  now  passed  in 
which  vengeance  would  have  been  injurious ;  the  strangers 
were  in  view  of  the  desired  heights,  and  longed  only  to 
surmount  them  with  the  least  delay.  If  indeed  you  suppose 
that  the  policy  of  the  barbarians  would  have  been  to  face  the 
advancing  army,  they  had  hardly  the  option  of  doing  so. 
This  armament  visited  their  valley  as  a  sweeping  pestilence, 
and  waited  not :  they  saw  it  as  it  passed  :  they  followed,  and 
following  gathered  strength  :  they  chased  a  foe  willing  to  fly, 
themselves  unable,  had  they  desired  it,  to  intercept  the  flight. 

Thus  the  mass  of  the  native  force  was  necessarily  in  rear 
of  the  invaders  :  and  we  must  conceive  the  attack  to  be  made 
when  the  army,  after  a  pause  in  the  plain  of  Scez,  was 
moving  from  it,  and  had  begun  to  thread  the  narrower  track 
where  the  enemy  made  preparations  of  injury.  When  the 
danger  began,  the  column  was  compressed  in  part  within  the 
defile :  freer  and  more  elastic  in  the  open  ground  behind. 
The  success  with  which  the  onset  was  here  withstood  by  the 
heavy  armed  troops  is  told  by  express  words  :  but  we  are  left 
to  conjecture  how  the  fighters  with  rocks  and  stones  were 
disposed  of:  it  is  consistent  with  the  narrative  to  suppose 
that  they  were  hunted  out  by  the  lighter  troops,  and  at  length 
dislodged  from  their  positions  and  overpowered  by  numbers. 
Still  the  onward  progress  had  to  be  guarded  against  fresh 
intruders  from  each  direction  :  and  it  was  not  before  the 
morning  dawned,  that  the  whole  army  had  defiled  on  to  the 


CHAP.  II.]  Ascent     Little  St.  Bernard.  213 

open  mountain.  This  sketch  of  the  engagement  will  be  found 
warranted  by  the  words  of  the  history :  the  main  shock  of 
arms  was  not  in  the  ravine. 

There  is  an  incident  in  the  narrative,  which  I  think  has 
been  misunderstood :  we  read,  mo-t  dvajKao-Orjvac  rov 
'Avvlffav  fiera  Trj<;  i7/xtcr6/a?  Swdfieo)^  vvKTepevaaL  Trepl  tI 
XevKoirerpov  6')(vpov  %G)pl9  rSdv  iTTTroyv  Ka\  tmv  VTro^vylayv, 
icpeSpevovra  TovTot<; — "  so  that  Hannibal  was  obliged  to  pass 
"  the  night,  with  half  his  force,  about  a  certain  white  rock,  a 
*'  tenable  post,  away  from  his  horses  and  baggage  cattle,  in 
"  reserve  for  their  protection."  My  notion  is  that  Hannibal 
so  stayed  back  to  withstand  the  weight  and  bulk  of  the 
enemy,  which  was  always  on  his  rear ;  and  to  prevent  them 
from  making  their  way  round  and  reinforcing  that  system  of 
attack  on  the  van  with  which  the  conflict  had  begun.  I 
conceive  that  those  first  aggressors  must  have  been  rooted  out 
from  their  positions  of  offence  before  the  night  came  on;  and 
that  the  great  business  was  to  prevent  a  recruiting  of  that 
force  from  the  multitude  in  the  rear,  where  the  enemy  was 
most  formidable  in  numbers. 

The  sentence  in  which  irepl  XevKoirerpov  occurs,  seems  to 
have  been  accepted,  as  showing  that  Hannibal,  by  his  occupa- 
tion of  the  summit  of  a  cliff,  protected  the  passage  of  the 
army  during  the  night.  In  the  Oxford  Dissertation  it  is  said  : 
"  The  position  of  the  Eoche  Blanche  was  eminently  cal- 
"  culated  for  the  defence  of  this  march  :  from  hence  Hannibal 
"  commanded  the  whole  plain  of  Scez,  and  was  able  to  act 
"  against  the  enemy,  on  the  heights  above  St.  Germain,  as 
"  well  as  upon  those  on  the  flanks  of  the  road."  Dr.  Arnold 
writes  :  "  At  last  Hamiibal  with  his  infantry  forced  his  way  to 
"  the  summit  of  one  of  the  bare  cliffs  overhanging  the  defile, 
"  and  remained  there  during  the  night,  while  the  cavalry  and 
"  baggage  slowly  struggled  out  of  the  defile."  Hist.  iii.  88. 
M.  Larauza  is  so  persuaded  that  the  upper  surface  of  a  cliff  is 


214  PolyUus  interpreted,  [pakt  V. 

the  thing  spoken  of,  that  he  considers  (p.  115)  half  of  the 
army  to  have  stood  upon  it  at  the  same  time. 

Now  it  is  probable  that,  after  the  struggle  by  which  the 
ravine  must  have  been  purged  of  its  barbarian  occupants,  a 
sufficient  number  of  the  Carthaginian  force  were  posted  all 
about  this  rock,  so  far  as  it  was  possible  to  post  them :  and 
one  need  not  object  to  the  conjecture  that,  while  daylight 
lasted,  the  archers  and  slingers  might  act  upon  a  hostile  force 
appearing  on  the  opposite  bank.  Still  the  idea  which  the 
words  dpayKaa-Orjvai,  vvKrepevcraL  irepi  XevKoirerpov  convey 
to  me  is  this :  that  Hannibal  kept  possession,  through 
the  night,  of  the  surrounding  ground  to  which  this  cliff 
belonged,  the  ground  outside  the  gorge  and  where  the 
enemy  were  most  in  force ;  and  that,  to  give  security  to  the 
toilsome  passage  of  the  great  armament,  which  was  con- 
tinuing its  ascent  from  the  defile  and  up  the  mountain,  it  was 
necessary  that  he  should  maintain  himself  in  the  open  ground 
from  which  the  passage  was  entered.  There  I  conceive  that 
he  passed  much  of  the  night  under  arms :  and,  as  the  other 
portion  of  the  army  was  struggling  onward,  there  ensued  a 
discontinuance  in  the  whole  line  of  movement :  but  his  com- 
munications ceased  to  be  forcibly  intercepted;  and,  by  the 
time  that  day  had  dawned,  the  assailants  had  melted  away, 
and  the  rearmost  of  the  Carthaginians  under  their  great 
leader  were  free  to  pursue  their  onward  course  to  the  summit. 

It  may  be  that  the  epithet  oxvpov,  tenahle,  has  inclined 
some  to  think  chiefly  of  the  upper  surface  of  this  rock,  as  a 
position  to  be  gained :  but  it  need  only  import  generally  a 
station  of  defence  :  the  sentence  has  no  word  of  movement, 
and  vvKTepevaai  irepi  imports  none.  The  rock  probably  was 
always  precipitous  to  the  torrent:  but  we  may  not  know 
what  was  the  form  which  it  presented  towards  the  plain  in 
the  time  of  Hannibal,  by  the  aspect  which  it  presents  now. 
I  conceive  that  some  centuries  ago  it  must  have  extended  far 


CHAP,  in.]  Ascent.    Mont  Genis.  216 

more  prominently  into  the  plain:  at  the  moment  when  I 
passed,  a  good-sized  cart  was  employed  near  the  bridge  in 
carrying  away  portions  of  gypsum  which  a  labouring  man 
was  detaching  and  removing  ;  and  our  White  Eock  may  have 
been  subject  to  the  daily  spoil  of  house-decorators  and  others, 
ever  since  its  neighbourhood  came  to  have  a  human  popula- 
tion, in  the  early  Christian  times  when  a  Church  was  planted 
on  the  heights  of  St.  Germain. 


CHAPTER  III. 

Ascent  to  the  Mont  Genis,     Larauza.     The  Nine  Days.    Defile 

and  XevKoirerpov. 

Two  theories  only  can  here  be  said  to  challenge  considera- 
tion :  for,  on  the  line  of  march  through  the  mountains.  Dr. 
Ukert  is  but  a  disciple  of  Larauza,  translating  him  and  his 
Itinerary.  Larauza  and  Ellis  must  be  controverted  separately. 
They  reach  the  valley  of  the  Arc  at  different  points  :  they  quit 
it  at  different  points ;  the  XevKoirerpov  of  one  is  in  special 
contradiction  of  the  XevKoireTpov  of  the  other :  and  they 
move  over  different  summits. 

Larauza  placed  the  dva^oXrj  "AkTrecov  at  La  Chavane  :  and, 
in  doing  so,  desired  to  gain  three  postes  into  his  mountain 
march.  But  a  mountain  march  from  the  Graisivaudan  up  the 
Arc  must  be  content  to  begin  at  Aiguebelle.  The  distance  to 
it  from  La  Chavane  cannot  be  deemed  space  in  the  mountains, 
nor  the  time  between  them  be  reckoned  as  time  in  the  moun- 
tains. The  defile  at  Aiguebelle  is  the  first  point  which,  to  M. 
Larauza  coming  up  the  valley  of  Graisivaudan,  could  represent 
the  dvajSoXr)  "AXirecov.  He  says  himself  (p.  66)  of  aU  the  pre- 
vious ground  from  La  Chavane, — "  L'on  n'est  pas  dans  les 
Alpes." 


210  Poll/bias  interpreted.  [PART  V. 

But  when  M.  Larauza  gets  to  the  defile  of  Aiguebelle  as  a 
beginniiig  of  Alps,  there  is  a  question  whether  he  finds  such  a 
mountain  as  corresponds  with  that  which  the  Allohroges  had 
to  defend.  We  say  that  the  Carthaginians  fought  their  way- 
over  a  mountain.  This  M.  Larauza  denies  :  he  calls  it,  p.  98 : 
"  entree  des  Alpes,  et  non  la  montee  des  Alpes."  "  Si  le  mot 
"  dvajSoXij  d^signe  quelquefois  Taction  de  traverser  en  montant, 
"  11  pent  aussi  designer  celle  de  traverser  en  penetrant."  He 
hardly  tolerates  the  word  as  connected  with  the  idea  of  ascent ; 
saying, — "Polybe  se  sert  en  general  pref^rablement  du  mot 
virep^oXri  {vid.  cap.  53)  pour  designer  la  montee  des  Alpes." 
This  is  a  mistake :  the  word  virep^oXrj  is  used  twice  in  that 
chapter,  and  in  both  instances  means  unequivocally  the 
heights  themselves. 

M.  Larauza  would  have  been  more  prudent,  had  he  been 
content  with  the  metaphor  by  which  dva^oXij  signifies  a 
beginning.  Ascent  is  the  beginning  of  transcent :  you  begin 
your  mountain  by  ascending  it.  The  first  onset  of  other  things 
is  also  called  dva^oXri :  when  we  speak  of  "  striking  up "  as 
the  beginning  of  a  musical  performance,  we  translate  dva^oXrf. 
In  relating  a  fox-chase,  if  we  had  to  find  a  Greek  word  for  the. 
throwing  off,  it  would  be  dva^dXrj :  listening  to  the  leading 
hound  one  might  say,  as  of  the  minstrel,  dvefioKkeTo  koKov 
delBeLv. 

M.  Larauza  might  thus  have  had  a  pretence  for  beginning 
his  course  of  mountain  march  at  Aiguebelle.  But  he  strains 
for  more.  Under  the  pretence  of  Hannibal  preparing  himself 
for  the  mountain  attack  when  he  got  to  La  Chavane,  he 
measures  the  mountain  march  from  that  place ;  that  is,  by  the 
road  back  from  Montmelian.  Now,  though  Hannibal,  for  the 
last  day  or  two  of  the  ten,  might  be  laying  his  plan  for  forcing 
the  first  mountain,  the  day  of  encounter  with  the  Allobroges 
was  the  first  day  of  mountain,  not  the  third.  Larauza  objects 
here  to  the  term  "mountain,"  saying, — "II  s'agit  non  d'une 


CHAP.  III.]  Ascent.     Mont  Oenis.  217 

montagne,  mais  d'un  d^fil^."  When  he  reads  that  the  AUo- 
brogian  chiefs  were  occupying  tov9  evKalpov<i  tottov^  Bi  wv 
eSei  rov<;  irepl  tov  \vvlfiav  Kar  dva/yK7jv  iroielcOai  rriv 
avapoXriv,  he  translates  it,  "  les  postes  qui  dominaient  les 
lieux  par  lesquels  il  fallait  qu'Annibal  passat."  In  this  he  is 
countenanced  by  others  who,  in  fixing  the  dvaffoXr)  "AXirecov, 
disclaim  mountain.  My  friend  Henry  Long  translates  TroLeta-Oai 
Tr)v  dva^oXrjv  "  to  make  a  passage."  M.  Larauza  also  finds  hi 
theory  of  level  ground  to  be  strengthened  by  BirjXBe  rd  o-Tevd 
and  Bnjvve  rd^s  hvG')(wpCa^,  He  forgets  that  the  narrowest  and 
roughest  defile  may  be  at  a  great  elevation :  the  col  or  pass  is 
often  in  a  depressed  part  of  a  ridge,  though  there  is  higher 
ground  on  either  side  of  it.  In  the  present  case  the  a-revd  of 
the  Polybian  description  are  not  on  the  flat  level  plain  of  a 
river  :  the  very  contrast  with  the  plain  which  they  had  quitted, 
eft)?  7a/o,  &c.  shows  that  they  were  now  in  mountain  instead  of 
plain ;  and  we  read  that  the  army,  after  pervading  the  o-revd, 
continued  its  progress  down  a  precipitous  mountain.  The 
Allobroges,  seeing  with  what  difficulty  the  horses  and  baggage- 
cattle  of  the  Carthaginians  were  unwinding  themselves  in  a 
long  line,  were  emboldened  to  close  in  with  the  line  of  march 
{i^dirreaOaL  t^9  nropela^),  and  to  fall  upon  them  at  many 
points  :  and  the  effect  of  the  attack  shows  the  character  of  the 
scene.  Polybius  says,  that  the  loss  sustained  was  not  so  much 
from  human  conflict  as  from  the  hostility  of  nature :  the 
assault  on  the  line  produced  a  general  shock,  sending  over  the 
precipices  beasts  with  their  burthens,  and  men  also,  amidst 
the  confusion  caused  by  the  rushing  of  wounded  and  affrighted 
animals. 

This  tale  is  not  well  fitted  to  the  pass  above  Aiguebelle. 
According  to  Polybius,  the  occupation  of  the  pass  was  gained 
in  the  absence  of  the  enemy,  who  had  withdrawn  to  their 
town.  That  success  was  achieved  in  the  night ;  and  at  Aigue- 
belle the  morning  would  have  found  the  army  in  free  meadow 


218  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  V. 

ground.  M.  de  Saussure  observes,  §  1191,  that,  if  M.  Abauzit 
was  right  in  thinking  that  Hannibal  went  up  the  Arc,  his 
battle  with  the  Allobroges  was  probably  between  AiguebeUe 
and  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne.  He  says,  §  1187:  "AiguebeUe 
"  est  un  joli  bourg,  situ^  au  milieu  d'un  terre-plein  assez 
"  ^tendu."  §  1191 :  "La  partie  inferieure  de  la  vallee  de  I'Arc, 
"  jusqu'4  AiguebeUe,  est  large  et  a  peu  pr^s  droite.  Presqu' 
"  en  sortant  d' AiguebeUe,  on  rencontre  un  grand  rocher  qui 
"  rempUt  a  peu  pr^s  toute  la  largeur  de  la  vallee.  Au-del^ 
"  de  ce  rocher,  on  descend  dans  une  jolie  petite  plaine  de 
"  forme  ovale,  que  Ton  traverse  suivant  sa  longueur ;  et  au 
"  bout  de  cette  plaine,  a  une  demi-lieue  d' AiguebeUe,  le 
"  chemin  est  de  nouveau  serr^  entre  montagne  et  la  riviere,  au 
"  point  qu'on  a  ^te  oblige  de  le  soutenir  avec  un  mur."  We 
must  remember  also  the  marked  incident  of  Hannibal  and 
his  select  body  coming  to  the  rescue  with  the  troops  who  had 
in  the  night  occupied  the  posts  of  advantage.  He  made  that 
downward  rush  ef  vTrepBe^lcov,  to  put  an  end  to  the  struggle  : 
and  the  combat  into  which  he  came  down  was  itself  carried 
on  at  a  great  elevation ;  for  the  damage  which  ensued  was 
mainly  from  precipice  on  the  edge  of  which  it  was  carried  on. 
Even  when  the  enemy  had  been  destroyed  or  dispersed,  we 
read  of  the  difficulty  with  which  the  army  was  extricated 
from  the  embarrassments  of  the  passage.  In  M.  Larauza's 
scene  of  action,  Hannibal  would  have  charged  into  a  meadow 
on  the  banks  of  the  Arc,  the  "jolie  petite  plaine." 

Polybius  writes  that,  after  the  crash  of  arms  on  the  moun- 
tain, Hannibal  overcame  the  perplexities  and  dangers  of  the 
descent,  and  proceeded  to  the  occupation  of  the  enemy's 
town :  the  army  there  rested  for  the  whole  of  the  next  day. 
Nature  then  became  propitious  to  the  advance  of  the  invaders. 
They  could  not  have  enjoyed  that  do-^ydXcLa  in  the  vaUey  of 
the  Arc.  De  Saussure,  having  mentioned  the  second  gorge, 
proceeds  thus:   "A  cet  etranglement  succede  une  seconds 


CHAP.  III.]  Ascent.     Mont  Cents.  219 

"  plaine,  apr^s  laquelle  la  valine  se  resserre  pour  la  troisi^me 
"  fois  :  mais  il  seroit  trop  long  de  detainer  les  nombreux  d^- 
"  files  que  Ton  passe  dans  cette  route,  et  de  noter  combien 
*'  de  fois  les  ^tranglemens  de  la  valine,  et  les  sinuosites  de 
"  I'Arc  forcent  k  passer  d'une  rive  k  Tautre."  M.  Larauza  pro- 
poses to  comprehend  into  tlie  scene  of  the  engagement  the 
second  defile  mentioned  by  De  Saussure,  saying :  "  Nous  ne 
"  verrions  aucun  inconvenient  a  y  comprendre  la  seconde 
"  gorge  que  Ton  traverse  k  une  demi-lieue  plus  loin,  et  qui 
"  offre  a  peu  pr^s  les  memes  caracteres  que  la  pr^cedente." 
Now  there  is  an  inconvenience :  not  that  it  is  difficult  to 
imagine  a  fight  continued  into  the  second  plain  or  into  the 
third ;  but  that  such  fact  is  not  conformable  with  the  history 
which  we  are  interpreting.  Polybius  speaks  of  one  mountain 
pass,  and  gives  us  to  understand  that  Hannibal  could  hardly 
have  forced  it  if  it  had  been  duly  defended ;  that  the  enemy 
lost  the  opportunity ;  that  the  consciousness  of  having  done 
so  disheartened  them :  but  the  visible  struggle  which  the 
Carthaginians  had  to  make  against  local  embarrassments  en- 
couraged the  enemy  at  last  to  assault  the  long  line  laterally, 
as  it  unwound  itself  from  the  pass.  Hannibal  was  then  pro- 
voked to  sweep  down  from  his  own  reserved  position,  and 
extirpate  human  hostility  :  from  that  moment  he  met  no 
molestation  for  many  days.  If  the  route  had  been  along  the 
Arc,  the  hostile  leaders,  when  morning  showed  them  to  have 
lost  the  advantage  of  the  first  ^tranglement,  would  have  done 
their  best  to  make  use  of  the  second,  or  the  third,  or  the 
fourth.  The  route  to  Chambery  offered  them  no  such  re- 
sources :  resistance  had  ceased  from  the  Mont  du  Chat. 

The  Nine  Days. 

M.  Larauza  in  his  computation  of  time  produces  confusion 
by  a  wrong  use  of  the  numeral  adjective,  third,  fourth,  fifth, 
<xc.     I  have  in  a  previous  chapter  of  this  Part  assigned  to 


220  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  V. 

each  of  the  fifteen  days  of  mountain  its  employment.  At 
present  we  are  considering  the  first  nine  of  them.  The  first 
day  of  Alps  was  the  day  on  which  Hannibal,  gaining  his 
success  at  the  Pass,  pushed  on  to  the  enemy's  tow^n  beyond, 
and  occupied  it.  The  second  day  he  remained  encamped 
there.  He  marched  on  from  the  town  on  the  third  day  of 
Alps.  On  the  fourth  day  of  that  renewed  march,  being  the 
sixth  of  Alps,  he  fell  in  with  a  party  of  natives,  with  their 
symbols  of  peace,  supplies,  and  hostages.  The  natives  having 
accompanied  the  march  for  two  days,  made  their  treacherous 
attack,  which  was  on  the  eighth  day,  and  Hannibal  reached 
the  summit  on  the  ninth  day. 

M.  Larauza  commits  the  following  errors,  not  without  an 
object.  In  p.  103,  he  calls  the  day  during  which  the  army 
was  rested  at  the  AUobrogian  town,  "  le  quatri^me  depuis  son 
entree  dans  les  Alpes."  According  to  Polybius,  it  was  their 
second  day  of  Alps.  Then  he  says,  "  Le  jour  suivant,  le 
"  cinqui^me  depuis  son  entree  dans  les  Alpes,  il  l^ve  le  camp, 
"  et  se  porte  en  avant."  This  was  obviously  his  third  day, 
not  the  fifth  of  Alps.  Then  he  says,  p.  104  :  "  II  marche 
"  tranquille  pendant  trois  jours ;  mais  au  quatri^me  (le 
"  huiti^me  depuis  son  entree  dans  les  Alpes)  il  se  vit  expose 
"  aux  grands  dangers." — eU  klvBvvov<;  Trapeyivero  fieyd\ov<;. 

This  is  a  deceptive  statement :  the  fourth  day  from  the 
town  is  not  the  eighth  day  of  Alps,  but  the  sixth  :  and  the 
deception  is  not  only  by  calling  it  the  eighth,  but  by  with- 
holding the  facts  belonging  to  it  in  the  enumeration,  and 
substituting,  as  the  fact  peculiar  to  it,  the  occurrence  of 
danger.  The  writer  does  not  give  the  events  of  the  day,  but 
shifts  his  ground  ;  and  in  fact  quotes  only  an  observation  of 
the  historian  which  is  introductory  to  the  incidents  which  are 
coming,  and  insinuates  the  misconstruction  of  Polybius  on 
KLvhvvov<;,  which  has  since  been  handled  in  a  bolder  way  by 
Mr.  Ellis.     The  day  which  Polybius  designates  as  Terapram, 


CHAP.  III.]  Ascent.     Mont  Cenis.  221 

is  the  day  of  the  conference  and  treaty,  the  supplies  and  the 
hostages  ;  and,  as  Larauza  makes  this  his  eighth  of  Alps,  he 
really  leaves  out  of  his  reckoning  the  two  in  which  the 
natives  followed  the  march  before  the  assault  was  made ;  for 
on  the  ninth  day  of  Alps,  which  followed  the  eighth,  Hannibal 
was  on  the  summit. 

The  object  of  such  perverse  interpretation  can  only  have 

been  to  cure  one  error  by  another.   M.  Larauza  having  unduly 

jbrought  two  days  into  the  ascent  of  Alps  which  did  not 

belong  to  it,  omits,  by  way  of  compensation,  two  days  which 

did  belong  to  it. 

It  is  further  obvious,  that  a  misrepresentation,  such  as  I 
desire  to  expose,  is  likely  to  escape  detection,  when  the  ex- 
pounder is  hashing  up  his  criticisms  on  the  texts  of  Polybius 
and  Livy  together  at  the  same  time ;  and  still  more,  if  he 
is  promoting  confusion,  by  introducing  his  own  ideas  of  local 
identity  as  if  they  belonged  to  one  or  other  of  the  original 
texts  :  as  in  p  107  of  M.  Larauza :  "  Le  huiti^me  jour,  c'est-a- 
*'  dire  le  quatri^me  depuis  le  depart  de  St.  Jean-de-Maurienne 
"  I'armee  se  sera  trouvee,"  &c.  Here  he  gives  account  of  the 
two  days,  which  he  has  already  excluded  from  his  computa- 
tion. N.B. — ^Dr.  Ukert  accepts  Larauza's  results  :  but  has  the 
discretion  not  to  exhibit  the  reasonings  on  which  they  are 
founded. 

The  Assault  and  the  XevKoirerpov, 

M.  Larauza  suggests  a  rival  XevKoirerpov  within  a  reason- 
able distance  from  his  summit,  and  fairly  claims  attention. 
As  he  travelled  along  the  road,  which  is  on  the  right  bank  of 
the  Arc  to  Termignon,  he  descried,  in  coming  towards  Lansle- 
bourg,  a  certain  amount  of  gypsum  rock  on  the  brow  of  the 
mountain  upon  the  opposite  side  of  the  river.  Thereupon  he 
imagined  certain  operations  of  Hannibal,  connected  with  this 
piece  of  gypsum,  as  the  XevKOTrerpov  of  the  history. 

The  hypothesis  is  set  forth  in  these  words,  p.  115  : — "  I 


222  Polyhius  interpreted.  [party. 

"  est  impossible  de  n'etre  pas  frapp^  de  Tideutite  des  lieux, 
"  lorsqu'apr^s  avoir  pass^  Braman  et  Termignon,  Ton  arrive 
*'  au  defild  que  Ton  traverse  a  trois  quarts  d'heure  de  marclie 
"  de  ce  dernier  village,  une  demi-lieue  en  avant  de  Lans- 
"  le-bourg.  Les  divers  details  de  localites,  fournis  par 
"  rhistorien,  se  trouvent  rassembles  de  mani^re  a  ne  laisser 
"  aucun  doute.  La  vallee  se  resserrant  en  cet  endroit  y  forme 
"  une  gorge  etroite  et  profonde :  le  ohemin  se  trouve  borde 
"  sur  la  droite  par  le  precipice,  au  fond  duquel  coule  le  top* 
"  rent  de  I'Arc :  sur  la  gauche,  par  d'enormes  rocliers  nuds 
"  et  arides,  souvent  escarpes  et  roides,  d'ou  les  Barbares 
"  pouvaient  ^eraser  les  Cartbaginois  obliges  de  passer  im- 
"  mediatement  au-dessous.  A  droite  de  la  route,  et  de  I'autre 
"  cot^  de  I'Arc,  se  voit  le  XevKoireTpov,  que  j'entendis  encore 
"  appeler,  par  les  babitans  du  pays,  le  rocher  blanc,  ou  le  plan 
"  de  rocbe  blancbe,  quoique  son  veritable  nom  soit  le  rocher 
"  du  plan  de  la  Barmette. 

"  C'est  un  rocber  de  gypse,  paraissant  d'une  blancbeur 
"  ^clatante  dans  toute  sa  partie  sup^rieure  enti^rement  nue  et 
"  d^couverte,  tandis  qu'au  dessous,  il  est  convert  de  sapins, 
"  et  presente,  depuis  le  milieu  jusqu'^  sa  base,  sur  un  plan 
"  legerement  incline,  une  esp^ce  de  talus  qui  se  prolonge 
"  jusqu'^  Tbermignon,  et  ou  Ton  fait  venir  du  bled,  du 
"  seigle  et  de  I'avoine.  II  est  probable  qu'Annibal  remonta 
"  cette  petite  plaine  pour  venir  se  porter  sur  le  rocher  blanc, 
"  qui  la  termine  et  la  surmonte.  La  partie  superieure  de  ce 
"  rocher  offre  un  plateau  assez  ^tendu.  Des  gens  du  pays 
"  me  dirent  que  Napoleon  y  avait  fait  passer  un  chemin 
"  practicable  pour  I'artillerie.  Annibal  auroit  done  pu  se 
"  porter  la  avec  une  partie  de  son  corps  d'armee,  le  reste 
"  s'etendant  si  Ton  veut,  soit  sur  le  glacis  qui  se  trouve  en 
"  dessous,  protege  par  les  bois  de  sapins  qui  couvrent  cette 
"  partie  de  la  montagne,  soit  encore  sur  la  petite  plaine  qui 
"  descend  du  cote  de  Termignon.      On  voit   que  c  etait   \h 


CHAP.  III.]  Ascent    Mont  Cents.  223 

"  pour  lui  une  position  forte  et  siire,  de  laquelle  il  pouvait 
"  protdger  la  marche  de  son  arm^e,  et  atteindre  facilement,  k 
"  coups  de  fleches  et  de  pierres,  les  Barbares  qui  se  montraient 
"  sur  les  hauteurs  oppos^es." — Histoire  Critique,  pp.  115,  116. 

The  portrait  here  drawn  is  quite  intelligible  :  but  I  perceive 
in  it  no  coincidence  with  the  story  of  Polybius,  and  nothing 
that  is  probable  in  itself  M.  Larauza  conceives  the  army  in 
two  parts,  moving  by  parallel  courses  up  the  two  sides  of  the 
deep  ravine  which  contains  the  river  Arc  :  one  part,  having 
the  elephants  and  beasts  of  burden  and  cavalry,  pursues  the 
present  route  along  the  precipice  above  the  right  bank,  and 
they  are  oppressed  by  rocks  rolled  down  and  stones  thrown 
from  heights  above  them  :  the  other  corps  d'arm^e  marches 
along  the  mountain  side  upon  the  left  bank  with  Hannibal ; 
and  having  reached  the  top  of  a  white  rock  they  fire  across 
the  river  upon  the  assailants  over  the  heads  of  their  suffering 
comrades.  To  this  transmission  of  arrows  and  pebbles  the 
comment  ascribes  the  safety  of  the  army,  and  to  this  only : 
for  the  description  given  shows  the  enemy  to  have  been  safe 
against  all  other  aggression. 

Now,  if  we  suppose  in  the  archers  and  slingers  of  the  Car- 
thaginian army  a  precision  of  practice  approaching  to  that  of 
modern  artillery,  still  their  efficiency  would  not  be  great  after 
darkness  set  in :  while  the  enemy  would  continue  to  work- 
their  prepared  instruments  of  destruction  upon  the  armament 
passing  under  them  with  far  less  prevention  by  the  loss  of 
daylight :  they  could  still  push  over  their  fragments  of  rock. 
In  this  theory  of  the  combat,  all  personal  conflict  is  excluded; 
and  the  pressure  of  the  barbarian  mass  on  the  rear,  as  told  by 
Polybius,  is  wholly  forgotten. 

M.  Larauza  does  not  suggest  any  crossing  of  the  river  by 
the  combatants  during  the  engagement ;  nor  does  he  say  that 
the  two  corps  d'arm^e,  which  he  separates,  I  presume,  at  Ter- 
mignon,  could  meet  again  till  they  got  beyond  Lanslebourg. 


"224  Polybius  interpreted,  [paet  v. 

He  does  not  appear  to  liave  examined  the  ground  on  the  left 
bank  of  the  river ;  nor  say,  whether  it  is  practicable  to  pass 
quickly  from  one  side  of  the  Arc  to  the  other  :  so  that  one  di- 
vision of  the  army  could  assist  the  other,  save  in  the  way  which 
he  describes,  by  missiles.  One  is  inclined  to  ask,  would  so 
prudent  a  general  have  thus  marched  with  columns  so  sepa- 
rated by  the  river  ?  Does  Polybius  furnish  a  clue  to  such 
tactics  ?  does  he  attribute  the  safety  of  the  army  solely  to 
weapons  discharged  from  a  distance  ?  I  rather  collect  from 
;^a)pt9  rS)v  tTnrcov,  icj^eBpevovTa,  eiTL^opdv,  and  other  expres- 
sions, that  they  had  come  to  close  quarters  with  the  enemy, 
and  that  the  continuity  of  their  line  of  march  was  broken,  so 
as  to  cause  an  interval  between  the  van  and  the  rear  of  the 
column. 

I  get  no  information  concerning  such  a  track  on  the  left 
bank  of  the  Arc  from  friends  who  have  crossed  the  Cenis,  or 
from  any  source  besides  the  comment  of  M.  Larauza.  He 
did  not  himself  pursue  it,  nor  does  he  give  description  that 
shows  it  practicable  :  but  he  reports  that  he  picked  up  a  story 
from  some  gens  du  pays,  that  the  route  which  he  imagines, 
had  given  passage  to  modern  artillery : — his  means  of  reference 
might  have  induced  him  to  search  out  the  occasion  when  such 
thing  had  or  might  have  taken  place.  If  that  mountain  brow 
was  ever  chosen  for  the  transit  of  French  artillery  to  the  Cenis 
in  preference  to  the  usual  track  on  the  right  bank  of  the  Arc, 
it  ought  to  be  the  better  line  of  the  two :  in  which  case 
Napoleon,  when  this  approach  to  Italy  was  the  object  of  his 
care,  would  have  so  established  it. 

M.  Larauza  looked  out  for  a  piece  of  gypsum  within  a  mo- 
derate distance  from  the  summit  of  the  Cenis  :  and  no  one  wiU 
doubt  that  he  saw  one :  the  country  abounds  in  them. .  But 
while  the  existence  of  such  white  rock  may  not  be  denied, 
his  attempt  to  interpret  through  it  the  details  of  the  Polybian 
narrative,  whether  by  obscure  insinuations  of  modern  events 


CHAP.  IV.]  Ascent     Little  Mont  Cents.  225 

or  unexplained  conjectures  upon  ancient  ones,  does  not  in- 
cline one  to  believe  that  this  plateau  de  gypse  ever  bore  the 
standard  either  of  Hannibal  or  Napoleon. 


CHAPTER  IV. 

Ascent  to  the  Little  Mont  Cenis.  Mr.  Ellis  and  the  Rock  of 
Baune.  The,  Combat.  Evasion  of  the  Text.  Summaries. 
How  Mr.  Ellis  shortetis  the  reckoning  of  time.  Tico  days. 
Two  days  more.  His  final  argioment  for  Baune.  His 
progress  from  the  Battle  to  the  Summit. 

Mr.  Ellis's  mountain  march  is,  as  we  have  seen,  from  Le 
Cheylas  on  the  Is^re,  by  Allevard  and  La  Eochette,  to  the  Arc 
at  Aiguebelle,  and  over  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  to  Avigliana. 
The  leading  novelty  by  which  his  theory  is  distinguished  is 
this  :  that  a  certain  white  rock,  which  he  has  noticed  in  the 
valley  of  the  Arc,  above  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne  and  below 
St.  Michel,  called  the  rock  of  Baune,  is  the  XevKoirerpov 
of  Polybius.  It  has  generally  been  understood,  that  the 
Xevfcoirerpov  was  at  the  foot  of  the  final  mountain  steep, 
where  Hannibal  was  attacked  by  the  natives  on  the  day 
before  he  reached  the  summit :  the  context  is  thought  to 
show,  that  the  combat  took  place  on  the  eighth  day  of  ascent, 
and  that  he  gained  the  summit  early  on  the  ninth.  Mr. 
Ellis  maintains  that  the  battle  took  place  on  the  fourth  day 
of  ascent ;  and  as  he  admits  that  the  summit  was  reached  on 
the  ninth  day,  he  requires  a  march  of  five  days  from  the 
rock  to  the  summit.  His  Alpine  route  is  from  Le  Cheylas  to 
Avigliana  (p.  89),  given  in  detail  p.  91. 

Mr.  Ellis  seeks  to  avoid  an  error  of  M.  Larauza,  who 
reckons  two  days  into  the  mountain  march  before  he  arrives 
at  mountain.    Mr.  Ellis,  on  the  contrary,  seems  to  be  two  days 

VOL.  I.  Q 


226  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  v. 

in  mountains,  before  he  allows  mountain  march  to  begin. 
Striking  from  the  Iske  into  the  mountains  at  an  earlier  point 
than  Larauza,  he  gives  a  greater  length  to  his  Alpine  march. 
I  have  no  knowledge  of  the  scene  of  his  combat  with  the 
barbarians  at  the  White  Eock,  beyond  his  own  statement  and 
his  own  engraved  plan.  I  therefore  take  his  rock  of  Baune 
to  be  white,  and  his  plan  of  the  ground  about  it  to  be  correct : 
I  will  first  shortly  notice  his  explanation  of  the  character  and 
circumstances  of  the  engagement,  as  told  in  the  history.  It 
will  then  be  necessary  to  explore  his  contrivances  for  sub- 
verting the  generally  received  chronology  of  the  march, 
requiring  five  days,  instead  of  a  fraction  of  one,  between  the 
XevKoirerpov  and  the  summit. 

The  Gomhat. 

Having  related  the  first  onset  with  missiles  by  the  barbarians 
posted  in  the  ravine,  Mr.  Ellis  says  (Treatise,  p.  45) :  "  No 
"  danger  was  now  to  be  apprehended  on  the  rear :  the  heavy 
"  infantry  there  held  the  Gauls  in  check,  and  Hannibal  was 
"  enabled  to  devote  his  personal  efforts  to  the  safety  of  the 
*'  van.  For  this  purpose  it  must  have  been  necessary  to  gain 
"  possession  of  the  heights  above  the  slopes,  where  the 
"  Carthaginians  had  suffered  so  severely  from  rocks  and  stones. 
"  One  half  of  the  Carthaginian  army,  that  is  to  say,  about 
"  20,000  men,  were  led  on  by  Hannibal  in  person  against  the 
"  Gauls  on  the  mountains,  and  succeeded  either  in  driving 
"  them  back,  or  in  manoeuvring  so  as  to  make  them  abandon 
"  their  posts.  The  march  through  the  ravine  was  performed 
"  during  the  night,  which  may  have  been  about  to  fall  when 
"  Hannibal  took  up  his  position  on  the  heights.  He  probably 
"  thought  that  during  the  night  he  could  draw  his  army  off 
"  better  from  the  Gauls  in  the  rear.  During  all  the  night  he 
"  remained  in  position,  separated  from  the  rest  of  the  army, 
"  as  it  defiled  through  the  ravine." 


CHAP.  IV.]  Ascent     Little  Mont  Genis.  227 

Mr.  Ellis  appears  to  think  that,  the  danger  in  the  rear 
having  ceased,  Hannibal  and  half  the  army  went  forward  to 
protect  the  van.  My  impression  is,  that,  the  danger  to  the 
van  having  been  removed  or  checked,  Hannibal  and  half  the 
army  stayed  back,  to  prevent  a  renewal  of  it  through  rein- 
forcement coming  to  the  enemy  from  the  rear.  Mr.  Ellis  thinks 
that  the  protection  which  the  word  i<f)e8p€vovTa  imports  was 
given  by  remaining  in  position  on  the  heights  through  the 
night.  I  conceive  that  the  word  signifies  the  support  given 
by  a  force  in  reserve;  and  such  is  the  meaning  of  i(f)€Bpe{fovTCi)v 
in  the  preceding  sentence,  where  the  arrangement  of  the 
column  of  march  is  explained.  Mr.  Ellis  gives  his  opinion 
(p.  46)  thus:— "The  most  remarkable  circumstance  the 
"  narrative  of  Polybius  contains,  a  circumstance  which  gives 
"  an  important  clue  by  which  the  scene  of  this  contest  may 
"  be  found,  is  the  fact  of  Hannibal's  having  posted  20,000 
"  men  on  the  heights  away  from  the  rest  of  his  army,  and  for 
"  the  sake  of  ensuring  its  safety.  This  circumstance  at  once 
"  suggests  the  existence  of  practicable  ground,  above  the 
'*  slopes  on  one  side  of  the  road,  by  no  means  usually  to  be 
"  found  in  the  Alps."  It  seems  to  me  that  the  circumstances 
which  give  Mr.  Ellis  his  clue  are  only  to  be  found  in  his  own 
engraved  plan  of  the  engagement,  where  Hannibal's  20,000 
men  are  seen  posted  on  the  heights,  and  above  them  six 
substantial  bodies  of  the  enemy  commanding  their  position 
from  still  loftier  heights.  The  plan  is  drawn  in  much  detail : 
but  Polybius  is  not  to  be  recognised  either  in  the  plan  or  the 
Treatise.  The  idea  of  wKrepevaaL  irepl  XevKoirerpov  is  ex- 
cluded from  both.  The  rock  of  Baune  appears,  stretching 
north  from  the  Arc  for  nearly  a  mile :  in  the  plain,  lower 
down  the  Arc,  is  the  track  along  which  the  elephants,  cavalry, 
and  baggage  seem  about  to  enter  the  fatal  defile  which  runs 
from  west  to  east  below  the  end  of  the  rock.  It  must  be  two 
miles  further  to  the  north,  where  Mr.  Ellis's  20,000  men  are 

g2 


228  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  V. 

drawn  up  on  the  heights,  and  the  enemy  above  them.  If  this 
plan  is  to  be  regarded,  it  results  that  Hannibal,  instead  of 
passing  the  night  ire  pi  XevKonerpoVf  marched  away  from  it 
two  miles  and  more,  in  time  to  pass  the  night  somewhere  else. 
Nevertheless  Mr.  Ellis  thinks  (p.  41)  that  the  rock  was 
noticed  as  a  natural  monument  of  the  battle  fought  around  it : 
that  Hannibal  remained  encamped  near  the  rock  during  the 
fourth  night,  and  arrived  on  the  summit  of  the  pass  on  the 
ninth  morning. 

Evasion  of  the  Text  of  Polyhius. 

Mr.  Ellis  announces  in  his  Preface,  that  he  "  conducts  the 
"  investigation  on  the  principle  of  trying  the  claims  of  every 
"  pass  by  the  text  of  the  narrative  of  Polyhius."  His  Intro- 
duction, which  follows  the  two  pages  of  Preface,  begins  with 
supporting  the  same  principle  in  detail.  But  it  ends  with 
disclosing  the  design  of  differing  from  his  model  on  the  funda- 
mental matter  of  the  chronology  of  the  march,  by  making  a 
new  division  of  the  greater  part  of  it,  changing  the  most  im- 
portant terminus,  and  disabling  the  reader  from  applying  the 
text  of  the  historian. 

Polyhius,  in  c.  39  of  3d  book,  divides  the  whole  march  into 
five  sections,  giving  the  termini  of  each  :  he  states  the  fouith 
to  be  from  the  passage  of  the  Ehone  €«?  tt/oo?  ttjv  ava^o\r)v 
tS)v  '"AXiredDv ;  and  the  fifth,  what  remains,  the  passage  of  the 
Alps  to  the  plain  of  the  Po.  Accordingly,  in  the  narrative, 
Hannibal  coming  to  the  mountains,  rjp^aro  rrjf;  Trpo^  ra^ 
*A\7r6f  9  dvafioXrj^.  Mr.  Ellis,  in  his  Introduction,  begins  with 
correctly  repeating  the  division  of  Polyhius  into  the  five  stages, 
saying  (p.  4):  "  They  terminate,  respectively,  at  the  passage  of 
"  the  Ebro  ;  at  Emporium  ;  at  the  passage  of  the  Pthone  ;  at 
"  the  foot  of  the  first  Alpine  ascent ;  and  at  the  commencement 
"  of  the  plains  of  Italy."  He  gives  its  importance  to  the 
terminus  which  separates  the  fourth  and  fifth  sections  of  the 


CHAP.  IV.]  Ascent     Little  Moiit  Cents.  229 

march,  by  adding, — "  The  last  two  of  these  stages,  in  which 
"  the  passage  of  the  Alps  is  included,  are  all  with  which  this 
"  book  is  immediately  concerned."  In  a  discussion  of  dis- 
tances which  follows,  he  speaks  of  the  dva^oXr/  as  the  "  ascent 
of  Alps" — "  the  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  moun- 
tains." He  says  (p.  5) :  "  The  ascent  of  the  Alps  on  the  way 
"  to  Italy  means  the  place  where  the  route  first  became 
"  mountainous,  the  point  where  the  army  was  first  obliged  to 
"  ascend  the  mountains."  He  insists  on  this,  so  far  as  to  say 
that,  though  a  different  interpretation  might  be  possible,  it  is 
scarcely  probable  that  any  other  meaning  can  be  attached  to 
the  expression  of  Polybius,  Trjv  dva^oXrjv  rwv  "AXirecov  ttjv  et? 
^IraXiav. 

The  reader  is  then  informed,  that  the  narrative  will  be  given 
in  full  from  the  passage  of  the  Ehone  to  the  arrival  in  the 
plains  of  Italy,  with  the  exception  of  three  chapters  and  part 
of  a  fourth.  And  I  think  that  most  readers  would  now  expect 
to  find  that  the  dva^oXr)  of  Polybius  is  to  be  recognised 
throughout  by  Mr.  EUis.  But  it  is  quite  otherwise.  We  soon 
find  (p.  6)  that  Mr.  Ellis  sets  up  a  terminus  of  his  own,  in 
preference  to  the  dva^oXrj  of  the  history.  He  makes  that 
very  important  point  of  the  march  to  be,  not  the  dva^oXrj 
rSiv  "AXnrewv,  but  a  town  within  the  Alps, — the  town  to  which 
the  enemy  retreated  in  the  night  from  their  custody  of  the 
evKalpoi  TOTTOi,  and  which  Hannibal  occupied  after  his  suc- 
cessful conflict  on  the  mountain.*  The  variation  must  be  a 
studied,  not  an  accidental  variation.  If  it  were  without  conse- 
quences, it  would  not  be  worth  noticing.  It  suits  Mr.  Ellis's 
special  theory  to  fix  his  terminus  two  days  more  forward  than 
that  of  Polybius,  which  he  has  approved  before.  We  shall  see 
presently  that  he  drops  two  days  out  of  the  reckoning,  and 

*  If  we  read  on  to  p.  91,  we  shall  learn  the  very  town,  "  now  a 
place  of  importance,  and  whose  ancient  name  is  traced  in  the 
modern  one." 


230  Polylius  interpreted.  [pakt  v. 

afterwards  dispenses  with  two  more.  He  is  meditating  to 
construct  an  argument  in  which  that  change  will  be  of  im- 
portance. Not  that  Mr.  Ellis  writes  in  avowed  correction  of 
Polybius :  he  hardly  informs  the  reader  that  he  is  making  an 
alteration.  But  he  does  make  it ;  the  cause  being,  that  his 
respect  for  the  historian  is  superseded  by  his  own  theory  of 
the  Eock  of  Baune,  and  by  a  fancy  on  the  Polybian  style 
invented  for  aiding  it.  The  variation  itself  is  to  make  "  a 
certain  town  "  the  terminus  at  the  first  Alps  instead  of  the 
dva^oXrj :  and  the  object  of  the  change  is  to  produce  a  five 
days'  march  instead  of  one  of  a  few  hours  between  the 
XevKOTTCTpov  and  the  summit. 

These  consequences  of  Mr.  Ellis's  injurious  meddling  with 
the  text — viz.  the  curtailment  of  four  days  in  the  earlier 
Alpine  march — I  will  presently  explain.  I  have  fairly  given 
the  substance  of  his  Introduction  to  some  extent :  the  rest  of 
the  matter,  which  concerns  Mr.  Ellis's  substituted  arrange- 
ment, with  his  translation  and  summaries  exhibited  in  capital 
letters,  as  they  occur,  are  too  copious  for  me  to  transcribe. 
I  can  only  hope  that  the  reader  may  be  provided  with  the 
Treatise  itself. 

Mr.  Ellis  first  says  that  there  is  a  peculiarity  in  the  style 
of  Polybius  :  that,  before  entering  into  the  details  of  an  event, 
he  gives  a  short  statement  or  summary  of  the  occurrences,  and 
then  narrates  the  circumstances  at  length  :  that  the  short 
summary  serves  as  an  argument  to  the  succeeding  and  more 
detailed  account :  that  in  the  portion  of  the  history  *  which 
we  are  dealing  with,  there  are  seven  summaries,  which  he 
shall  distinguish  by  printing  them  in  capital  letters.  He 
notifies  the  change  which  he  makes  in  dividing  the  subject, 
thus :  "  The  first  division  will  consist  of  the  march  from  the 

*  The  portion  which  Mr.  Ellis  translates  begins  after  crossing 
the  Rhone,  and,  omitting  some  parts,  ends  with  the  assault  on  the 
Taurini. 


CHAP.  IV.]  Ascent.      Little  Mont  Cenis.  231 

"  passage  of  the  Ehone  to  the  island :  the  second,  the  march 
"  from  the  island  to  a  certain  defile  and  town  at  the  com- 
"  mencement  of  the  Alps  :  the  third,  the  march  from  the  town 
"  to  the  neighbourhood  of  a  certain  XevKoireTpov  o^vpov,  or 
"  'strong  white  rock,'  where  the  army  encountered  great 
"  danger  from  an  attack  of  the  Alpine  Gauls  :  the  fourth,  the 
♦'  march  from  this  rock  to  the  summit  of  the  pass  :  the  fifth, 
'*  the  circumstances  which  took  place  while  the  army  re- 
"  mained  on  the  summit :  the  sixth,  the  descent  from  the 
**  summit  of  the  Alps  to  the  commencement  of  the  plains  of 
"  Italy  :  and  the  seventh  (all  of  which  will  not  be  given), 
"  the  march  from  the  foot  of  the  Alps  to  the  country  of  the 
"  Insubrians."— Pp.  6,  7. 

Having  thus  exhibited  a  division  of  his  own  in  his  own 
terms,  Mr.  Ellis  says :  "  These  form  the  seven  parts,  into 
which  the  narrative  seems  to  be  divided."  As  there  is  no 
doubt  how  the  narrative  has  been  divided  by  Polybius,  we 
need  not  be  diverted  from  it  by  the  division  that  seems  good 
to  Mr.  Ellis  ;  unless  it  is  proposed  in  preference  to  that  of  the 
historian.  As  to  the  summaries,  he  does  appeal  to  the  his- 
torian. He  says  :  "  The  correctness  of  the  supposition,  that 
"  this  mode  of  narrative  was  adopted  by  Polybius,  will  be 
"  best  seen  by  an  inspection  of  the  historian's  own  words." 
I  have  inspected  the  historian's  own  words,  together  with  Mr. 
Ellis's  translation  of  them,  and  have  observed  those  which  he 
puts  in  capital  letters  as  summaries,  and  the  succeeding  words 
which  he  calls  the  more  detailed  accounts.  I  perceive  two 
summaries  marked  between  the  passage  of  the  Ehone  and  the 
Alps  in  c.  49  and  50  :  those  for  the  ascent  and  summit  in 
c.  52  and  53  :  two  for  the  descent  in  c.  54  and  56. 

Let  any  reasonable  man  give  attention  to  the  first  of  these, 
which  Mr.  Ellis  takes  from  c.  49  of  the  3d  book.  I  ask,  how 
do  the  first  words  give  a  summary  of  events,  explained  and 
detailed  by  the  rest  of  the  chapter  ?  It  seems  to  me,  that  what 


232  Folybius  interpreted.  [part  v. 

is  called  Summary,  brings  Hannibal  to  the  island  :  in  the  rest, 
we  learn  what  he  did  after  he  got  there.  The  first  words  of 
the  Summary  state  the  march  to  the  island;  they  tell  us 
what  it  is  like,  and  how  it  is  formed.  The  words  which 
follow,  TTpo?  rjv  a(f>LK6^evo<;,  &c.,  give  facts  which  occurred  in 
his  progress  through  the  island,  as  he  approached  the  Alps. 
Besides  the  display  of  capital  letters  to  give  importance  to  his 
summaries,  Mr.  Ellis  would  impress  upon  us  that  the  other 
facts  are  incidental,  episodical,  subordinate  (pp.  22,  38,  39). 
The  island  is  to  him  only  the  scene  of  an  episode,  because  he 
intends  to  back  out  of  it :  he  illustrates  the  episodical  character 
by  a  very  inaccurate  statement,  and  which  would  not  support 
his  fancies,  if  it  were  true.  He  says  (p.  23) :  "  Before  pro- 
"  ceeding  to  relate  the  transactions  at  the  island,  Polybius 
"  arrests  the  march  of  the  army  at  the  confluence  of  the  Is^re 
"  with  the  Ehone,  measuring  the  distance  up  to  that  point." 
Polybius  does  nothing  of  the  kind.  Hannibal's  distances  have 
not  been  measured  since  he  left  Spain ;  and  Polybius  never 
measures  the  march  up  to  the  confluence  at  all.  If  we  desire 
to  measure  it  for  ourselves,  we  must  first  refer  to  c.  39,  when 
Hannibal  was  still  in  Spain  :  we  there  read  among  the  five 
distances  of  the  whole  march  to  Italy,  "  1,400  stadia  from  the 
passage  of  the  Ehone  to  the  beginning  of  Alps."  There  is  no 
mention  of  the  distance,  as  Mr.  Ellis  alleges,  before  proceed- 
ing to  relate  the  transactions  at  the  island.  After  they  have 
been  related,  we  shall  read  in  the  next  chapter,  that,  having 
in  ten  days  advanced  800  stadia  along  the  river,  he  began  the 
ascent.  If  we  deduct  this  800  from  the  1,400,  we  recognise 
that  it  must  have  been  600  from  the  Btdl3acn<;  to  the  island. 
The  statement  that  Polybius,  before  relating  the  transactions 
at  the  island,  arrests  the  march  at  the  confluence  and  measures 
the  distance  up  to  that  point,  is  a  fiction. 

Those  who  will  read  Polybius's  narrative  of  the  march  from 
the  passage  of  the  Ehone  to  the  arrival  in  the  plain,  will  see 


GiiAP.  IV.]  Ascent.      Little  Mont  Cents.  233 

as  straightforward  a  tale  of  events  as  is  found  in  any  other 
history.  Mr.  Ellis  bids  us  to  expect  that  more  than  the 
explanatory  particulars  which  occur  in  all  narration  will 
strike  us  as  peculiar  to  this  historian.  But  on  examining  the 
portions  marked  with  Mr.  Ellis's  capital  letters,  together  with 
the  proximate  sentences,  we  find  no  propriety  in  the  designa- 
tion "  Summary  ; "  and  sometimes  a  striking  unfitness.  A 
careful  reading  of  his  introduction,  annulling  the  promise  of 
his  Preface,  which  was  "  to  try  all  by  the  narrative  of  Poly- 
bius,"  suggests  no  other  object  in  the  new  division  of  matter 
made  by  this  explainer  of  Polybius,  than  to  disfigure  Polybius 
and  explain  him  in  his  disfigured  state.  The  invention  of 
Summaries  is  chiefly  subservient  to  the  perversion  of  dates. 

I  am  surprised  that  so  marked  and  decided  an  interference 
with  the  text  should  not  have  been  distinctly  avowed  by  its 
author :  and  that  it  should  be  noticed  only  at  the  end  of  his 
introductory  chapter,  the  tenor  of  which  is  contradicted  by  it. 
Though  Polybius  is  thus  slighted,  his  terms  are  nevertheless 
used  in  the  titles  of  Mr.  Ellis's  chapters  :  as, — "  to  the  com- 
mencement of  the  ascent  of  Alps  ; "  and  "  from  the  commence- 
ment of  the  ascent  of  Alps."  We  do  not  there  read  "  to  the 
town ; "  and  "  from  the  town."  And,  in  the  discussion  where 
the  town  has  first  to  be  mentioned,  it  is  only  insinuated,  that 
it  looked  down  upon  the  Carthaginian  encampment ; — which 
is  in  order  to  give  it  an  early  position  in  the  Alps.  For  my 
own  part,  I  think  it  is  to  be  inferred  from  the  context  of  the 
narrative,  that  the  town  was  quite  beyond  the  evfcalpoi  tottol  ; 
and  that,  when  the  enemy  had  repaired  to  it  for  the  night, 
they  were  no  longer  in  sight  of  the  posts  they  had  quitted  : 
also,  that  we  must  conceive  the  town  to  have  been  beyond 
the  scene  of  the  conflict  which  ensued  the  next  day.  There 
is  no  fair  pretence  for  setting  up  the  town  to  usurp  the 
character  of  terminus  between  the  fourth  and  fifth  sections 
of  the  Polybian  march. 


234  Polybius  interpreted.  [paiit  v. 

Mr.  Ellis  does  not  speak  out  as  impeacliing  the  Polybian 
march,  till  he  says  (p.  32) :  "  The  ten  days'  march  from  the 
"junction  of  the  Ehone  and  Is^re,  must  be  taken  as  terminating, 
"  not  at  the  point  where  Hannibal  left  the  Is^re  (Mr.  Ellis's 
"  7roTayLto9),  but  at  the  town  of  the  Allobroges,  which  he  cap- 
"  tured  after  passing  through  the  defile  at  the  commencement 
"  of  the  Alpine  ascent."  He  proves  this,  by  saying,  "  The 
fifteen  days  of  Alps  are  clearly  reckoned  from  the  town."  I 
say,  on  the  other  hand,  that  Polybius  calls  the  terminus 
dva^oXrj ;  and,  when  Mr.  Ellis  calls  it  "  the  town,"  it  makes 
two  days'  difference  in  a  reckoning  on  which  his  peculiar 
theory  depends  :  and  further,  that,  to  support  that  theory,  he 
finds  it  necessary  to  reject  two  more  days,  without  a  pretence 
that  any  fair  critic  will  justify.     All  for  the  Eock  of  Baune. 

This  discord  from  Polybius  which  Mr.  Ellis  has  invented 
is  so  pleasing  to  him,  that  he  introduces  "  the  town,"  when 
there  is  no  need  to  mention  it.  In  p.  54,  he  quits  the  summit 
with  these  words  :  "  On  the  eleventh  day  after  leaving  the 
town,  the  Carthaginians  began  their  descent  into  Italy." 

In  p.  64,  he  brings  the  town  prominently  forward  in  a 
journal  which  he  presents  of  the  whole  march  from  the  con- 
fluence of  the  Phone  and  Isere  to  the  plains  of  Italy  ;  stating 
it  thus,  in  two  parts  :  I.  The  ten  days'  march  to  the  town 
of  the  Allobroges,  including  the  halt  at  that  place.  II.  The 
fifteen  days'  march  across  the  Alps,  fronfi  the  town  of  the 
Allobroges  to  the  commencement  of  the  plains  of  Italy. 

Before  I  say  more  on  the  shallowness  of  this  Summary 
system,  let  me  notice,  as  allied  with  it,  the  dangerous  frame 
on  which  the  Treatise  is  constructed.  In  the  chapters  where 
Mr.  Ellis  discusses  the  narrative  from  the  passage  of  the 
Rhone  to  the  plain  of  Italy,  he  lays  down,  from  time  to  time, 
some  condition  with  which  a  theory  pretending  to  be  based 
on  Polybius  ought  to  conform  :  the  first  is  in  p.  28  :  the  last 
in  p.  63  :  they  are  ten  in  number,  and  are  put  together  at 


CHAP.  IV.]  Ascent.     Little  Mont  Genis.  235 

the  end  of  the  fifth  chapter,  following  the  journal ;  which  is 
framed  according  to  Mr.  Ellis's  improvements  on  the  text,  or, 
as  he  expresses  it,  "elicited  from  Polybius."  Having  supplied 
all  these  conditions,  and  many  minor  ones,  he  points  out,  in 
chapter  vi,  that  "  there  are  four  passes  in  which  there  is  some 
prima  facie  probability  :  "  and  that  "  the  examination  which 
"  leads  to  the  rejection  of  three  out  of  the  four  will  not  be 
"  long."  Accordingly  he  disposes  of  them  in  four  pages  :  chiefly 
for  want  of  a  view,  for  remoteness  from  the  plain,  and  for  the 
want  of  Taurini :  and  tells  us  in  p.  73,  "  The  Mont  Cenis 
remains  alone  with  likelihood  in  its  favour." 

The  rest  of  the  work,  except  what  is  given  to  Livy,  is 
mostly  devoted  to  examine  whether  the  characteristics  of 
the  Cenis  Pass  are  in  accordance  with  the  conditions  derived 
from  the  narrative  by  Mr.  Ellis.  It  might  be  expected  that 
the  conditions  would  fit  them  pretty  well,  having  been  made 
to  order.     I  will  mention  the  first  and  the  last. 

The  first  is  this  :  "  The  commencement  of  the  Ascent  of 
"  Alps  must  be  at  a  distance  of  about  100  Eoman  miles  from 
"  the  junction  of  the  Khone  and  Isere,  reckoned  along  the 
"  left  bank  of  the  latter  river." — Treatise,  p.  28. 

The  last  is  this :  "  The  plains  into  which  the  road  over 
"  the  pass  enters,  when  it  emerges  on  the  side  of  Italy,  must 
"  anciently  have  been  inhabited  by  the  Taurini." — P.  63. 

But  I  must  not  omit  the  fourth,  which  has  brought  the 
Kock  of  Baune  into  so  much  favour  with  him  who  discovered 
it.  It  is  this  :  "  The  White  Eock  is  nearly  half-way,  in  point 
"  of  time,  between  the  town  of  the  Allobroges  and  the  summit 
"  of  the  pass." — P.  66.  Mr.  Ellis's  town  is  AUward ;  but  we 
do  not  learn  that  name  till  chapter  vii.  pp.  91,  93.  Mr.  Ellis 
speaks  of  its  present  importance,  and  of  its  preserving,  in  its 
own  name,  that  of  Allobroges  :  he  says  it  is  six  miles  beyond 
Le  Cheylas.* 

*  It  is  right  to  say  that  some  have  approved  of  these  conditions. 


236.  Polyhins  iyiterpreted.  [part  v. 

It  is  now  to  be  shown,  by  what  series  of  contrivances 
Mr.  Ellis  makes  the  Eock  of  Baune  to  be  the  XevKoirerpov  of 
Polybius.  I  will  then  attend  him  to  the  summit.  His  fifth 
Summary,  which  he  calls  "  Circumstances  which  took  place 
while  the  army  remained  on  the  summit,"  will  belong  to 
another  head  of  my  subject. 

Tioo  First  Days  of  Alps  removed  hy  Mr.  Ellis. 

In  the  first  chapter  of  this  fifth  part,  I  have  allotted  to  each 
of  the  fifteen  days  which  Polybius  ascribes  to  the  Alpine 
march,  the  work  which  belonged  to  it :  and  I  believe  such 
distribution  of  employment  to  be  correct.  When  Hannibal 
is  said  to  reach  the  summit  on  the  ninth  day,  it  means  the 
ninth  of  the  fifteen  :  this  is  required  by  the  context  of  the 
narrative.  I  impute,  that  Mr.  Ellis  has  thrown  the  chronology, 
and  thereby  the  'geography  of  the  march,  into  confusion,  by 
setting  up  a  reckoning  of  his  own  against  that  of  Polybius. 

We  reckon  the  fifteen  days  of  Alps,  by  beginning  with  the 

day  of  storming  the  defile  and  forcing  the  passage  along  the 

edge  of  the  precipices,  and  afterwards  occupying  the  enemy's 

town.    Hannibal  stayed  an  entire  day  encamped  at  the  town  : 

this  was  his  second  day  of  Alps.     He  resumed  his  march  on 

,-  the  third  day  of  Alps.     On  the  fourth  day  of  that  renewed 

\  march,  he  met  a  body  of  natives,  and  held  conference  with 

7  I  them.     That  fourth  day  of  the  renewed  march  was  the  sixth 

?    \   day  of  Alps.     After  the  conference,  the  natives  attended  the 

'    march  for  two  days  before  they  made  attack.     The  attack 

therefore  was  on  the  eighth  day  of  Alps. 

Mr.  Ellis  reckons  the  fifteen  days  of  Alps,  by  beginning 
with  the  march  from  the  town,  and  so  omits  the  two  first 

In  Mr.  Ball's  *'  Guide  to  the  Western  Alps,"  p.  54,  they  are  com- 
mended as  giving  Mr.  Ellis's  arguments  in  a  condensed  form,  and 
the  author  expresses  his  obligations  for  them  to  a  Fellow  of  St.  John's, 
Cambridge,  who  is  also  a  member  of  the  Alpine  Club. 


CHAP.  IV.]  Ascent     Little  Mont  Cents.  237 

days  of  Alps.  He  makes  the  fourth  day  of  that  resumed 
march  to  be  the  fourth  day  of  Alps :  and  prepares  to  make 
the  very  same  day  the  day  of  the  attack,  which  he  will  try 
to  do,  by  omitting  the  two  days  for  which  the  natives  attended 
the  army  after  the  conference  and  before  the  attack. 

We  both  profess  to  reach  the  summit  on  the  ninth  day. 
Our  ninth  day  is  the  day  following  that  of  the  assault,  which 
was  the  eighth.  Mr.  Ellis's  ninth  day  is  the  fifth  day  after 
that  of  the  assault.  Beginning  his  reckoning  on  marching 
forward  from  the  town,  he  cuts  out  the  day  on  which  the 
army  had  fought  its  way  over  the  mountain,  and  captured 
the  town,  and  the  day  on  which  they  remained  encamped  at 
the  town.  Mr.  Ellis  knows  that  Teraprato?  imports  the  fourth 
day  of  the  reijewed  march,  and  therefore  was  the  sixth  day 
of  Alps  :  yet  he  merges  those  two  first  days  of  Alps  into  the 
previous  march  of  ten  days  along  the  river.  The  excuse  is, 
that  Mr.  Ellis  cannot  think  Hannibal  would  have  been  so 
long  in  marching  100  miles.  In  so  getting  rid  of  these  two 
days,*  Mr.  Ellis  does  not  pretend  to  follow  the  history :  on 
the  contrary,  he  says  (p.  32)  :  "  The  march  of  ten  days  ought 
to  terminate  where  the  march  of  fifteen  days  begins."  It  must 
have  occurred  to  him,  that  after  those  ten  days  Hannibal 
rjp^aro  r?}?  tt/oo?  ra?  "AXTret?  dva^o\7]<;.  Nevertheless,  Mr. 
Ellis  says,  "  It  micst  be  taken  as  terminating  at  the  town  of 
"  the  AUobroges :  from  this  town  the  march  of  fifteen  days 
"  is  clearly  reckoned."  So,  as  the  two  first  days  of  Alps  are 
found  inconvenient  to  the  Baune  theory,  he  throws  them 
away  as  being  already  reckoned  in  the  ten. 

Mr.  Ellis  corrects  the  chronology  of  Polybius  thus  (p.  33)  : 
"  It  would  be  on  the  morning  of  the  eighth  day  after  leaving 

*  Some  have  suggested,  that  the  first  day  of  Alps  should  be 
deemed  the  previous  day,  in  the  night  of  which  Hannibal  with  a 
select  body  occupied  posts  in  the  absence  of  the  enemy.  In  that 
case,  Mr.  Ellis  has  omitted  one  day  more  than  I  charge  him  with. 


238  Polyhius  interpreted,  [part  v. 

"  the  confluence  of  the  Ehone  and  Isere,  that  Hannibal 
"  encamped  before  the  heights  occupied  by  the  AUobroges : 
"  on  the  same  night  he  seized  the  abandoned  heights  :  on  the 
"  ninth  the  defile  was  passed,  and  the  town  captured  :  on  the 
"  tenth  the  Carthaginians  remained  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
"  the  town."  Thus  Mr.  Ellis  ekes  out  his  ten  days  of  irapa 
TTorafiov  with  forcing  the  heights  of  Alps,  and  enjoying  a 
well-earned  repose  in  the  Alps  for  the  whole  of  the  next  day. 

Mr.  Ellis  is  well  aware  of  his  variance  from  Poly  bins — he 
says  (p.  33)  ;  "  Polybius  estimates  the  length  and  distance  of 
"  a  passage  of  the  Alps,  from  the  point  where  Hannibal  left 
"  the  Is^re  (the  irorafiov  of  Mr.  EUis) ;  so  that  it  might  be 
"  natural  to  expect  that  the  fifteen  days  occupied  in  that 
"  passage  would  be  reckoned  from  the  same  point."  How- 
ever, Mr.  Ellis  finds  something  still  more  natural :  he  pro- 
ceeds— "But  from  the  rest  of  the  narrative,  it  seems  plain 
"  that  the  fifteen  days'  march  is  reckoned  from  the  town,  the 
"  capture  of  which  makes  a  natural  break  in  the  history." 
Now,  whether  or  not  the  critic  be  more  natural  than  the 
historian,  the  text  has  in  express  terms  made  the  break, 
where  Hannibal,  having  left  the  river,  rjp^aro  Trj<i  Trpog  ra? 
*'A\7r€t9  dva^oX7j<; ;  and  this  accords  with  the  division  made 
in  c.  39,  between  the  fourth  and  fifth  sections  of  the  entire 
march. 

Having  ratified  his  doctrine  by  his  three  assertions, — 1, 
that  it  is  clear  ;  2,  that  it  is  plain  ;  3,  that  it  is  natural, — Mr. 
Ellis  reposes  at  last  on  this  additional  circumstance,  that  it 
is  of  no  consequence  ;  as  the  space  from  his  river  to  his  town 
is  so  trifling.  He  says  (p.  33)  :  "This  town  no  doubt  was  near 
"  to  the  Is^re,  and  thus  only  a  short  distance  removed  *  from 
"  the  point  where  the  march  along  the  river  terminated." 
Proximity  would  be  a  poor  ground  of  argument,  if  it  were 
true  :  our  question  here  is  on  time,  rather  than  space.  See 
*  Mr.  Ellis  says  six  miles,  p.  91. 


CHAP.  IV.]  Ascent,     Little  Mont  Genis.  239. 

what  things  were  to  be  done :  they  stormed  the  mountain : 
they  achieved  their  victory  after  a  severe  encounter  above 
the  precipices,  and  then  occupied  the  enemy's  town  on  the 
other  side.  It  required  a  day  to  perform  this  work  :  what 
matters  the  distance?  It  was  mountain  work,  not  river  work: 
Alps,  not  iiriireha :  and  after  this  Hannibal  rested  for  two 
nights  at  the.  Alpine  town.  If  these  remarks  are  just,  the 
fourth  day  from  the  town  cannot  also  be  the  fourth  of  AIjds. 
It  was  the  sixth. 

Two  7nore  Days  cut  out  hy  Mr.  Ellis's  reckoning. 

Mr.  Ellis  proceeds  to  dismiss  two  more  days  of  Polybius, 
in  order  to  accommodate  the  Rock  of  Baune.  We  have  seen 
how  he  converts  the  fourth  day  from  the  town  into  the  fourth 
day  of  Alps  :  but  he  almost  surprises  us  by  announcing  that 
this  same  TeTapTolo^  represents  the  day  of  the  attack  near 
the  XevKOTrerpov.  He  says  (p.  35) :  "  The  attack  took  place 
"  near  a  certain  strong  white  rock,  and  was  made  on  the 
"  fourth  day's  march  from  the  town."  Again  (p.  37)  :  "  This 
"  day  was  the  fourth  :  and  the  treacherous  attack  was  the 
"  great  danger  which  Polybius  particularly  mentions  as 
"  having  occurred  on  that  day." 

Now,   the    statement  of    Polybius   is    this :    "  Hannibal, 
"  having  occupied  the  town  and  encamped,  and  remained  there  jj 
"  for  one  day,  again  marched  on,  and  for  some  days  following  | 
"  led  the  army  through  without  interruption.      Being  already/j 
"  in  the  fourth  day,  he  came  again  into  great  dangers."     It  is ! 
then  told  how  the  natives,  dwelling  near  the  pass,  meditating! 
treachery,  met  him,  bearing  crowns  and  symbols  of  peace. 
They  make    plausible   representations,    furnish   supplies   of 
cattle,  and  deliver  hostages.      Hannibal's  policy  is,  not  to 
show  his  distrust  of  them :  but  he  takes  measures  of  precau- 
tion, altering  his  order  of  march.     The  natives  accordingly 
attend  the  march  of  the  army  for  two  days ;  and  then  make 


240  Folyhius  interpreted.  [part  v. 

their  attack,  when  passing  through  a  defile.  As  that  fourth 
day  from  the  town  was  the  sixth  day  of  Alps,  the  day  of 
the  attack  was  the  eighth. 

But  Mr.  Ellis,  having  turned  the  beginning  of  Alps  into 
the  town,  and  the  sixth  day  into  the  fourth,  has  only  to 
dismiss  two  other  days,  and  to  let  his  fourth  day  last  till  the 
battle  is  fought.  He  feels  encouraged  to  this  by  the  words 
of  the  history — rjh)  he  TerapTato^;  wV,  au^t?  eh  klvBvvov<; 
Trapeyevero  fjueyaXov^;.  His  translation  is  "  encountered  dan- 
gers ; "  so  he  thinks  that  the  bloody  work  has  begun  :  he 
exclaims  (p.  39)  : — "  What  then  was  this  great  danger  ? 
"  According  to  the  view  we  have  taken,  it  was  the  treacherous 
"  attack  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  rock.  According  to  the 
"  general  view,  it  was  the  meeting  with  the  deputation  of 
"  Gauls,  bearing  boughs  and  crowns.  No  great  danger  could 
"  be  said  to  result  to  Hannibal  from  such  an  encounter,  or 
"  such  weapons." 

Had  Mr.  Ellis  so  read  Polybius  as  not  to  know  that  two 
days  intervened  between  the  danger  that  the  history  points 
out  as  belonging  to  the  insidious  designs  of  the  natives, 
shown  on  the  fourth  day  from  the  town,  and  the  explosion 
of  their  schemes  in  the  ravine  ?  He  insinuates  (Treatise, 
p.  36)  that  these  two  days  were  days  that  preceded  that 
fourth  day.  I  will  not  do  him  the  injustice  to  suppose  that 
he  thinks  so.  If  he  does,  I  recommend  him  to  read  again  the 
passage  in  Polybius,  or  his  own  translation. 

The  evident  object  is  to  shorten  the  march  to  the  XevKo- 
Trerpov,  because  he  wants  to  swell  the  time  which  came  after 
it  to  the  summit.  The  contrivance  on  which  Mr.  Ellis  most 
relies  is  the  danger  on  the  fourth  day.  He  admits  no  idea 
of  danger  short  of  the  murderous  assault,  which  was  two 
days  later.  In  short,  he  does  not  recognise  that  a  man  can 
be  in  danger  of  being  killed  till  he  is  killed.  So,  as  soon  as 
the  word  klvBvvo<j  appears  in  the  text,  he  deems  the  conflict 


CHAP.  IV.]  Aseejit.     Little  Mont  Cents.  241 

to  have  begun,  and  disregards  the  additional  days  which  he 
knows  will  elapse  before  the  first  blow  is  struck.  By  such 
means  the  Treatise  of  Mr.  Ellis  professes  to  bring  out  the 
real  meaning  of  the  narrative,  with  clearness,  simply,  and 
without  confmon ;  and  to  show  that  the  interpretation  usually 
received  is  lax,  strained,  and  without  foundation. — Pp.  40,  41. 

Having  thus  condemned  our  construction  of  the  text,  Mr. 
Ellis  gives  his  own  opinion  : — "  The  only  satisfactory  view 
"  that  can  be  taken  of  the  Greek  narrative  is,  that  Hannibal 
"  was  attacked  near  *  the  strong  white  rock,'  on  the  fourth 
"  day  of  his  march  from  the  town  of  the  Allobroges."  He 
presently  clenches  his  argument,  by  showing  that  Hannibal 
passed  that  night  in  camp,  and  took  five  days  more  to  reach 
the  summit.  "As  therefore  Hannibal  remained  encamped* 
"  near  the  rock  during  the  fourth  night,  and  as  he  arrived  at 
"  the  summit  of  the  pass  on  the  ninth  morning,  the  rock 
"  must  be  situated  nearly  half-way  between  the  town  and 
"  the  summit  of  the  pass  ;  nearly  half-way,  that  is  to  say,  in 
"  point  of  time,  for,  in  point  of  distance,  the  respective  difii- 
"  culties  of  the  way,  above  and  below  the  rock,  must  be 
"  taken  into  account.  Another  condition  for  the  determina- 
"  tion  of  Hannibal's  route  is  thus  obtained ! " 

Mr.  Ellis,  in  his  zeal  for  applying  kivBvvov^  to  produce  the 
battle  in  his  third  summary,  appeals  for  illustration  to  the 
use  of  KLvBvvoi^  in  his  second  summary.  He  says  this  : — 
"  Polybius  does  not  merely  say  that  Hannibal  had  on  the 
"  fourth  day  to  encounter  great  dangers,  but  that  he  had 
"  again,  on  the  fourth  day,  to  encounter  great  dangers.  To 
"  what  previous  event  does  this  '  again '  refer  ?  Clearly  to 
"  the  similar  part  of  what  has  been  given  as  the  second 
"  summary,  where  it  is  stated  that  Hannibal  found  himself 
"  in  a  situation  of  the  greatest  danger.  This  danger,  we 
"  know,  befell  him,  in  consequence  of  the  attack  made  upon 
*We  believe  that  he  was  under  arms. 

VOL.  I.  l< 


242  Folyhius  interpreted.  [part  v. 

"  liim  at  the  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  Alps."  This  is 
quite  a  mistake.  No  attack  had  been  made.  The  situation 
of  danger  in  which  he  found  himself  is  explained  by  Polybius 
to  be  in  the  changing  character  of  the  country,  by  which  the 
cavalry  lost  its  terrors ;  in  the  departure  of  the  allied  force, 
and  in  the  enemy's  occupation  of  the  requisite  pass.  Han- 
nibal was  then  outside  the  Alps.  Danger  threatened  in  the 
circumstances  related  ;  and  he  prepared  to  counteract  it  by 
stratagem.  The  day  of  danger  to  which  Mr.  Ellis  prema- 
turely assigns  the  assault  near  the  rock,  and  the  day  of 
danger  to  which  he  appeals  in  the  plain  of  Dauphine,  were 
both  exempt  from  actual  conflict — one  as  much  as  the  other. 


Final  Argument  for  Baune. 

In  my  first  criticism,  written  at  Nice,  I  dwelt  at  some 
length  on  these  things,  not  without  hope  that  Mr.  Ellis  might 
acknowledge  that  the  fifteen  days  occupied  in  the  passage  of 
the  Alps  should  be  reckoned  from  the  dva^oXrj,  or  beginning 
of  Alps.  I  showed  him  that  Terapralo^  was  not  the  fourth 
of  Alps ;  was  to  be  reckoned  from  the  town,  and  that  it  could 
not  be  the  day  of  the  battle.  In  his  defence  (Journ.  of  Phil. 
No.  vi.  317),  he  puts  his  blunder  on  ivvaTaio<:  into  a  new 
shape,  as  follows  :— - 

"  After  the  halt  at  the  town,  the  first  period  mentioned  is 
"  one  of  four  days  (rerapralos:).  At  the  termination  of  this 
"  period  Hannibal  feU  into  great  peril.  (The  battle  of  the 
"  Kock,  according  to  my  view ;  a  conference  with  some  Gauls, 
"  according  to  Mr.  Law's  view.)  The  point  from  which  this 
"  T€Ta/3Tato9  is  reckoned  is  not  stated." 

"  The  next  date  mentioned  by  Polybius  gives  a  period  of 
"  nine  days  (ivvaTalos;).  At  the  end  of  this  time  Hannibal 
"  gained  the  crest  of  the  Alps.  Nothing  is  said  with  refer- 
"  ence  to  the  point  from  which  this  ii^vaTato^  is  reckoned." 


CHAP.  IV.]  Ascent    Little  Mont  Cents.  243 

It  is  not  safe  to  read  these  two  sentences  without  a  careful 
eye  upon  Polybius  himself.  "The  first  period"  and  "the 
next  period  "  are  terms  of  Mr.  Ellis  ;  but  the  periods  are  quite 
independent  of  one  another.    He  proceeds  : — 

"  I  see  here  but  two  suppositions  to  adopt.  The  term  of 
"  nine  days  must  be  reckoned  either  from  the  beginning  or 
"  end  of  the  four  days.  The  latter  supposition,  the  most 
"  obvious,  is  inadmissible  :  the  passage  of  the  Alps  could  not 
"  then  be  effected  in  fifteen  days.  As  the  term  of  nine  days 
"  must  thus  be  reckoned  from  the  same  point  as  the  term  of 
"  four  days,  we  have  only  to  determine  from  what  point 
"  TerapTolo^  is  reckoned.  On  this  the  nine  days,  and,  as  may 
"  easily  be  perceived  on  the  perusal  of  Polybius,  the  fifteen 
"  days  also  will  depend.  But  reTapTalo^  is  plainly  reckoned 
"  from  the  town."     Camb.  Journ.  of  Philol.  ii.  317. 

Never  was  a  bolder  specimen  of  the  petitio  principii.  Our 
assent  is  begged  to  two  miserable  errors,  without  an  attempt 
to  substantiate  them  : — 1.  *'  The  term  of  nine  days  must  be 
"  reckoned  either  from  the  beginning  or  end  of  the  term  of 
"the  four  days."  2.  "It  must  be  reckoned  from  the  same 
"  point  as  the  term  of  four  days."  Each  proposition  is 
unfounded,  and  backed  only  by  the  favourite  w^ord  must. 
Each  numeral  is,  in  truth,  to  be  explained  by  its  context. 
The  reckoning  of  €vvaTalo<;  has  no  relation  to  the  reckoning 
of  TeTapTolo^.  The  fifteen  days  stated  by  Polybius  as  the 
sum  of  the  mountain  march,  comprehend  the  whole  of  that 
march,  beginning  with  the  avapoXr} :  and  the  ninth  day,  on 
which  the  summit  was  reached,  is  the  ninth  of  the  fifteen. 
It  is  not  necessary  that  every  numeral  used  during  the  moun- 
tain narrative  should  import  some  fraction  of  the  fifteen. 
The  word  Teraprato?  has  no  relation  to  the  fifteen :  it  has  its 
own  special  context,  which  explains  it  as  the  fourth  from  the 
town;  the  point  from  whence  he  made  a  new  start,  avBi,<; 
copfia  ;  and  therefore  it  would  be  the  sixth  of  the  fifteen.     So 

r2 


244  Polybiits  interpreted.  [part  v. 

in  the  descent,  the  word  rpiToto^  is  a  reckoning  from  the 
broken  way,  and  expresses  no  fraction  of  the  fifteen.     But 
evvaTalo<;  is  a  part  of  the  fifteen :  the  summit  was  attained 
on  the  ninth  day  of  the  effort  to  reach  it,  which  effort  began 
at  the  avafioXrj.     If  common  sense,  exercised  upon  the  mean- 
ing of  words,  did  not  interpret  ivvaTaLo<;,  we  might  appeal  to 
the  translation  of  such  ideas  by  Livy :  nono  die  in  jugum 
Alpiuni  perventum  est — quinto  decimo  die  Alpibus  superatis. 
In  the  argument  just  considered,  we  have  a  fair  specimen, 
not  a  solitary  one,  of  a  system  of  logic,  worthy  to  be  allied 
with  the  system  of  Summaries.     When  it  is  desired  to  esta- 
blish anything  very  startling,  you  are  given  the  option  of 
some  other  extravagance,  possibly  more  intense ;  and  when 
you  decline  that,  you  are  held  bound  to  the  first.     Here, 
wishing  the  ninth  day  not  to  be  reckoned  from  the  dva^okr) 
*'A\7recov,  but  from  the  town,  according  to  what  I  consider 
Mr.  Ellis's  perversion  of  Polybius,  he  lays  it  down,  that  it 
must  be  reckoned  from  the  beginning  of  the  four  days,  which 
were  from  the  town,  or  from  the  end  of  those  four  days.     He 
attempts  no  proof  of  such  necessity,  and  proceeds  to  assert 
that  the  latter  alternative  is  the  most  obvious,  but  inadmis- 
sible :  whereupon  he  adopts  the   other.     Both  alternatives 
are  inadmissible  :  and  the  difference  in  value  between  them 
is  but  this — that  Mr.  Ellis  adopts  one,  and  nobody  adopts  the 
other. 

If  any  should  be  misled  by  reTapTalo^  being  called  the 
first  period,  and  ivvaralo^  the  second  period,  and  should  fail 
to  detect  the  fallacy  of  the  dogma,  that  the  term  of  nine  days 
7nust  be  reckoned  either  from  the  beginning  or  end  of  the  four 
days,  it  may  be  useful  to  point  out  in  plain  words  why  both 
propositions  are  to  be  rejected  as  equally  rotten ;  and  that  we 
are  not  the  better  for  being  allowed  the  option. 

The  four  days  are  conceded  to  begin  with  renewing  the 
march  on  leaving  the  town  ;  and,  if  you  reckon  tlie  term  of 


CHAP.  IV.]  Ascent     Little  Mont  Cenis.  245 

nine  days  from  the  beginning  of  the  four  days,  the  four 
become  included  in  the  nine,  and  the  whole  gives  a  reckoning 
only  from  leaving  the  town  (avdc^  copfia).  Thus  the  two 
first  days  of  the  Alpine  route  are  omitted. 

If  you  reckon  the  term  of  nine  days  from  the  end  of  the 
four  days,  you  have  a  total  of  thirteen  days,  which  is  too 
much  for  reaching  the  summit,  and  too  little  for  finishing  the 
Alps. 

In  my  adversary  on  these  topics  much  is  original,  not  only 
in  his  views,  but  in  his  style  of  combat,  and  I  hardly  know 
how  to  denominate  it.     In  my  first  criticism  on  his  treatment 
of  TeTapTOLO^y  I  objected  (p.  22)  to  his  not  reckoning  the  two 
first  days  of  Alps,  which  preceded  those  four  days.    I  charged 
him  with  knowing  the  word  rerapTalo^  to  import  the  fourth 
day  from  the  town,  and  not  the  fourth  day  of  Alps  :  and  I 
charged  him  (p.  24)  with  misrepresenting  that  day  to  be  the 
very  day  of  the  assault  near  the  Eock.     I  called  upon  him  to 
meet  that  question.     What  is   his  answer  ?     He  does  not 
surrender  the  fatal  error  of  reTapTolo^  intending  the  fourth 
day  of  Alps,  or  the  day  of  the  battle,  or  of  its  being  five  days 
shoii:  of  the  summit.     But  he  is  delivered  of  this  proposition 
— "  TerapTalo^  is  plainly  reckoned  from  the  town."     He  pro- 
duces this  as  a  truth  of  his  own ;  and,  as  if  I  were  a  hesi- 
tating convert  to  it,  adds, "  I  wonder  Mr.  Law  did  not  perceive 
the   consequences   of  tJds  admission^    If  Mr.  Ellis  should 
truly  state  the   consequences   of  TerapTalo^;  importing  the 
fourth  day  of  renewed  march  from  the  town,  he  would  state 
them  to  be,  that  it  denotes  the  sixth  day  of  the  Alpine  march, 
the  very  day  of  the  conference  with  the  natives,  and  two  days 
before  the  assault  in  the  ravine.     That  assault  was  on  the 
eighth  day  of  Alps,  and  the  next  morning  saw  Hannibal  reach 
the  summit. 


246  Polyliui  inter^pr'eted.  [part  V. 

Mr,  Ellis^s  Progress  from  the  XevKOTrerpov  to  the  Summit. 

>  Let  us  now  attend  this  critic  to  the  end  of  his  nine  days. 
After  the  battle  of  Baune,  fought  on  the  fourth  day  of  Alps, 
he  makes  Hannibal  encamp  for  the  night  near  the  Eock,  and 
then  saunter  on  leisurely  towards  the  summit.  As  he  has 
here  to  fill  up  a  period  of  five  days  with  what  in  truth  only 
occupied  a  few  hours,  he  has  thought  it  expedient  to  make 
two  additional  summaries  for  that  interval  between  the  Xeu/co- 
irerpov  and  the  summit.  I  will  give  them  as  they  appear 
with  their  details  in  Mr.  Ellis's  translation  : — 

Part  of  Cha'pter  53,  showing  Fifth  and  Sixth  Summaries,  <6:c. 
Hannibal  having  on  the  following  day,  when  the 

ENEMY  had  retired,  REJOINED  HIS  CAVALRY  AND  BAGGAGE- 
animals,  led  on  his  army  to  the  highest  summits  of  the 
Alps,  without  meeting  again  with  any  considerable  body 
OF  THE  Barbarians,  although  parts  of  his  army  were 

harassed  by  THEM  AT  VARIOUS  PLACES  ON  THE  ROAD.*      For 

they,  watching  their  opportunity,  assaulted  and  carried  off  the 
baggage  animals,  sometimes  from  the  rear,  and  sometimes  from 
the  van  of  the  line  of  march.  Upon  these  occasions,  the  ele- 
phants were  of  very  great  service :  for  the  barbarians  were 
so  much  alarmed  at  the  extraordinary  appearance  of  these 
animals,  that  they  were  deterred  from  attacking  any  part  of 
the  line  of  march  where  the  elephants  were  to  be  found. 

On  THE  NINTH  DAY  HaNNIBAL  ARRIVED  AT  THE  SUMMIT  OF 
THE  MOUNTAINS  ;  AND,  ENCAMPING  THERE,  REMAINED  TWO 
DAYS,  AS  HE  WISHED  TO  GIVE  SOME  REPOSE  TO  THOSE  TROOPS 
WHO  HAD  ALREADY  ARRIVED  SAFELY,  AND  TO  WAIT  FOR  THOSE 

WHO  HAD  FALLEN  BEHIND.     During  this  period  many  of  the 

*  The  idea  of  "  various  places  on  the  road  "  is  not  in  Polybius, 
though  it  is  in  Mr.  Ellis's  translation. 


CHAP.  IV.]  Ascent.    LittU  Mont  Cenis,  247 

horses  which  had  broken  loose  in  their  fright,  and  many  of 
the  baggage-animals  which  had  got  rid  of  their  burdens, 
unexpectedly  joined  them  in  the  camp,  having  followed  appa- 
rently the  tracks  of  the  army. 

As  in  our  theory  it  is  believed  that  the  summit  was  reached 
on  the  morrow  of  the  conflict  at  the  XevKoirerpov,  Mr.  EUis, 
being  at  war  against  that  notion,  offers  this  criticism  (Treatise, 
p.  48) : — "  It  is  necessary  to  notice  an  erroneous  interpretation 
"  of  a  passage  in  Polybius,  from  which  it  has  been  concluded, 
"  that  the  battle  of  the  rock  took  place  on  the  day  before 
"  Hannibal  reached  the  summit  of  the  Alps.  The  Greek 
"  narrative  runs  thus :  ttj  S*  iiravptov,  tcov  irdXefxCwv  ')(odpL<T- 
"  BevTtov,  avvd-^jraf;  tol'^  lirTrevaL  Kal  tol<;  viro^vylov^;,  Trporjye 
"  7rpo9  Ta9  virepffoXd^;  Ta<i  dvcDTCLTco  twv  ^'AXirecov.  In  this 
"  passage  it  has  been  supposed  that  the  words  rfj  S'  eiravpiov 
"  are  connected  with  irporjye  :  and  that  Hannibal  consequently 
"  gained  the  summit  of  the  pass  on  the  day  after  he  fought 
"  the  battle.  Yet  this  supposition  is  unfounded  :  for  all  that 
"  the  Greek  implies  as  having  occurred  on  the  morrow,  is  the 
*'  junction  of  the  two  divisions  of  the  army." 

Mr.  Ellis  has  tried  to  make  his  English  translation  liable  to 
such  a  criticism,  by  annexing  "the  following  day"  to  the 
participle ;  not  beginning  the  sentence,  as  Polybius  does,  with 
ry  S'  iiravpLov.    But  he  is  quite  mistaken  as  to  the  Greek 
narrative.     ^vvdyjra<;  does  not  monopolise  the  note  of  time. 
T^  8*  iiravpiov  belongs  to  the  verb,  irporjye ;   a  word  which 
tells  what  Hannibal  did  on  the  morrow,  after  he  had  reunited 
the  parts  of  his  force.     In  the  same  way,  that  term  in  the 
44th  chapter  belonged  to  i^airea-TeCke :  and  will,  in  the  next 
coming  chapter,  54th,  belong  to  iv7}p)(^6To.    Mr.  EUis,  however, 
finds  his  grammatical  perception  strengthened  by  the  reasons 
which  have  been  so  effective  on  other  occasions ;  namely,  that 
his  own  construction  is  most  natural  and  clear.     He  would 
have  done  better  not  to  meddle  with  t^  S'  iiravpiovy  but  to 


248  Polyhiics  interpreted.  [part  v. 

have  explained  what  are  the  places  on  his  map  at  which  he 
supposes  Hannibal  to  have*  halted  between  St.  Julien  and 
Granges  de  Dervieux.* 

Mr.  Ellis  makes  one  very  true  observation  : — "  The  portion 
"  of  Polybius's  narrative  relating  to  the  march  from  the  neigh- 
"  bourhood  of  the  Eock  to  the  summit  of  the  Pass,  is  very 
**  short,  and  presents  nothing  of  much  consequence."  It  was 
ingenious  in  Mr.  E.  out  of  so  little  matter  to  fabricate  two 
summaries.  This  Mr.  Ellis  has  done.  He  must  have  observed 
that  the  two  together  and  the  space  between  them  are  rather 
bare  of  incident :  so  he  adds  to  his  English  version  "  various 
places  on  the  road,"  not  being  in  the  original,  and  swells  the 
description  with  many  things  that  had  not  occurred  to 
Polybius.    We  read  in  p.  48  of  the  Treatise : — 

"  Most  probably  they  were  merely  the  inhabitants  of  the 
"  several  districts  through  which  the  army  successively  passed, 
"  who  seized  any  favourable  opportunity  of  plundering  that 
"  occurred,  without  offering  any  organized  resistance  to  the 
"  Carthaginians.  It  is  by  no  means  natural  to  suppose  that 
"  iiravpiov  is  the  same  day  as  that  indicated  subsequently  ia 
"  the  word  ivvaralo^ ;  for  the  latter  day  seems  clearly  to  be 
"  spoken  of  by  Polybius  as  later  than  the  former.  Neither 
**  would  any  sufficient  time  be  left,  if  this  view  were  adopted, 
"  for  the  series  of  repeated  attacks,  and  in  different  localities, 
"  which  are  recorded  to  have  been  made  between  the  neigh- 
*'  bourhood  of  the  Eock  and  the  summit  of  the  Pass.  The 
"  predatory  attacks  which  the  Carthaginians  suffered  were  in 
"  all  probability  made  by  the  inhabitants  of  the  several  districts 
"  through  which  they  passed ;  and  the  immediate  neighbour- 
"  hood  of  the  summits  of  the  Alpine  passes  was  not  inhabited 
**  in  the  time  of  Polybius." 

The  last  proposition  is  true :    and   therefore  the  several 

*  Places  in  Mr.  Ellis's  map;  one  on  the  Arc,  the  other  on  the 
Little  Cenis,  as  the  Durotineum  of  Pentinger  s  chart.  . 


CHAP.  IV.]  Ascent     Little  Mant  Cents.  249 

inhabited  districts  are  a  mistake.  Mr.  Ellis,  being  the  inventor, 
as  well  as  the  recorder  of  the  five  days'  march,  has  very 
naturally  imagined  tracts  of  countries  through  which  it  might 
be  performed,  and  populations  worthy  to  have  contested  the 
progress  of  the  invaders.  Alas !  the  several  successive  in- 
habited districts  are  of  his  own  creation :  "  the  various  places 
on  the  road"  are  only  found  in  his  translation  ;  the  plunderers 
of  the  history  were  stragglers  from  the  assailant  mass  of 
yesterday :  the  different  recorded  localities  were  the  van,  the 
middle,  and  the  rear  of  a  long  column  of  march :  and  the 
series  of  repeated  attacks  which  the  Carthaginians  suffered 
from  the  inhabitants,  each  district  sending  forth  its  predatory 
population,  may  be  reduced,  on  a  study  of  the  history,  to  the 
occasional  theft  of  a  knapsack  at  one  end  of  the  column,  or  of 
a  donkey  at  the  other,  during  a  few  hours  of  struggle  to  the 
summit. 

The  words  of  the  historian,  unadorned  by  his  inter- 
preter, teach  us  this :  that  Hannibal  having,  in  his  -svisdom, 
stayed  back  about  the  White  Eock,  till  the  advance  had  got 
clear  of  the  defile,  pushed  on  before  daybreak  for  the  summit, 
having  reunited  the  different  parts  of  his  force,  and  the  enemy 
being  dispersed ;  and  that,  with  only  the  annoyance  of  partial 
plunderers  at  different  points  in  the  column,  he  reached  the 
summit  on  the  ninth  day.  The  few  incidents  which  are  ex- 
pressed do,  in  fact,  belong  to  and  wind  up  the  tale  of  the 
engagement :  the  dispersion  of  the  enemy  is  the  dispersion  of 
thos€  who  attacked  in  the  region  of  the  XevKOTrerpov :  the 
reunion  is  the  reunion  of  those  who  under  that  attack  had 
become  separated.  These  things,  and  the  partial  aggressions 
and  pilferings,  repressed  by  the  terror  of  the  elephants,  all 
are  incidents  found  in  the  one  sentence,  which,  beginning 
rfj  5'  eTravpiov,  is  applied  expressly  to  the  morrow  of  the  as- 
sault :  we  then  read,  'EvvaTalo<i  Se  Siavva-a^  eh  Ta<;  vTrep^oXa*;, 
avTOV  KaTearpaTOTriBevae  koX  hvo  r}fiipa<^  Trpocre/jLeive. 


250 


Polylius  interj^reted. 


[part  v. 


N.B.— If  any  should  be  surprised  at  the  amount  of  con- 
fusion which  we  have  been  trying  to  unravel,  I  would  refer 
to  Mr.  Ellis's  own  explanation  for  the  cause  of  it.  In  ac- 
counting for  the  common  opinion  against  his  doctrine,  that 
TerapToZo^  represents  the  day  of  the  attack,  he  says :  "  The 
"  difference  of  the  two  views  arises  from  this  cause  :  that, 
"  while  we  have  taken  Polybius's  narrative  in  this  place  to 
"  consist,  first  of  a  summary  statement  of  the  events  of  four 
"  days,  and  then  of  an  explanation  and  a  detailed  account  of 
"  those  events  ;  yet  it  has,  on  the  other  hand,  been  generally 
"  supposed,  that  the  whole  is  one  continuous  narrative ;  or, 
"  at  all  events,  that  no  part  of  the  details  of  the  transactions 
"  with  the  Alpine  Gauls  refers  to  the  three  days  preceding 
"  the  fourth  day  indicated  by  reTapTalo<;"  Treatise,  p.  35. 
The  statement  is  a  fair  one.  The  question  of  credit  lies 
between  Poly  bins  Megalopolitanus,  grave  historian,  on  the  one 
side,  and  an  inventor  of  Summaries,  on  the  other. 


THE  ALPS  OF  HANNIBAL. 

PART  VI. 
THE  MOUNTAIN  MARCH.    SUMMIT. 

CSAPTEE  I. 

Hannibal  encamps  on  the  Summit  for  Two  Bays.  He  calls  Ms 
Troops  together,  and  addresses  them.  Evidence  of  Italy : 
miscalled  view.  The  Text  considered.  The  follaioing  day 
he  begins  the  descent. 

PoLYBius  says  that  'HaDnibal  reached  the  summit  on  the 
ninth  day  :  that  he  encamped  there  and  remained  two  days, 
in  the  purpose  of  giving  rest  to  those  who  were  safe,  and  of 
allowing  time  for  those  who  were  missing  to  come  up. 

De  Saussure,  speaking  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  s.  2,229, 
&c.,  says : — "  L'hospice,  ou  convent,  est  situ^  dans  un  vallon 
"  en  herceau,  dirig^  du  Nord-Est  au  Sud-Ouest,  large  de 
"  trois  a  quatre  cents  toises  dans  le  has,  partout  verd,  mais 
"  sans  arbres  ni  arbrisseaux.  La  moyenne  entre  deux  observa- 
"  tions  du  barometre  m'a  donn^  1,125  toises  pour  son  ^leva- 
"  tion  au-dessus  de  la  mer.  Du  cot^  du  Sud-Est,  le  vallon 
"  qui  renferme  THospice  est  divis^,  suivant  sa  longueur,  par 
^'  une  arrete  ^troite  qui  se  prolonge  du  cote  du  Nord,  ^  3  ou 
"  400  toises  au-dessous  de  I'Hospice.  Cette  an-ete  produit 
"  un  second  vallon  assez  profond,  parallMe  k  celui  oii  est 
"  I'Hospice.     En  partant  de  I'Hospice  pour  descendre  dans  la 


252 


Polyhius  interpreted. 


[part  VI. 


"  valine  d'Aoste,  on  commence  par  monter  une  peute  donee, 
"  qui  abontit  an  pins  hant  point  dn  vallon  de  I'Hospice,  mais 
"  ce  point  n'est  qne  de  qnelqnes  toises  plus  eleve  que 
"  I'Hospice.  II  est  signale,  on  dn  moins  il  I'etoit  alors  par 
"  une  belle  colonne  de  niarbre  cipolin,  veine  en  zigzag  et 
"  tire  sans  doute  des  montagnes  dn  voisinage.  On  voit 
"  ensuite,  au-dessous  de  soi,  sur  la  gauche,  nn  petit  lac  ren- 
"  ferme  dans  un  charn^ant  bassin  de  verdure." 

In  the  Oxford  Dissertation,  p.  96, 1  read  this  : — "  The  plain 
"  is  about  two  miles  and  a  half  in  length :  it  is,  according  to  De 
"  Saussure,  1,125  toises  above  the  level  of  the  sea  :  it  is  well 
"  sheltered,  and  in  the  centre  of  it  is  a  small  lake."  Brocke- 
don's  statement  on  the  position  of  the  lake  I  conceive  to  be 
more  accurate  :  he  says  (Passes,  i.  p.  7) : — "  The  lake  of 
"  Yernai,  or  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  does  not  occupy  any 
"  part  of  the  plain,  but  is  situated  far  below  it  at  its  northern 
"  extremity,  at  the  base  of  the  mountains  which  form  the 
"  north-west  boundary  of  the  Col."  The  extent  of  this  plain 
on  the  summit  is  well  known,  and  defies  the  jealousy  of 
M.  Larauza,  who  has  ventured  (p.  185)  to  pronounce  it  impos- 
sible for  Hannibal  to  have  encamped  there.  If  comparison 
be  necessary,  I  believe  that  it  has  the  advantage  of  being 
sounder  ground  than  his  plain  of  the  Cenis. 

We  may  concur  in  the  common  belief  that  Hannibal 
remained  two  days  on  the  summit,  which  must  mean  that, 
having  reached  it  early  in  the  morning  of  the  ninth  day,  he 
passed  two  nights  there,  and  commenced  the  descent  on  the 
eleventh  day.  Some  might  remark  that,  when  he  stayed  two 
nights  at  the  captured  town,  the  time  was  told  by  the  words 
fiiav  iirefielva^;  rjfjuepav)  and  that  here  we  read  hvo  r)[jbepa<; 
TTpoaifiecve.  But  in  the  two  cases  there  was  much  difference 
in  the  time  for  resting.  In  the  first  case  there  was  but  one 
day  of  rest.  Hannibal  arrived  at  the  town  after  a  very  severe 
day's  work  to  the  whole  army.     The  progress  to  it  had  been 


CHAP.  I.]  Summit.    Evidence  of  Italy.  253 

over  a  very  rough  precipitous  mountain,  impeded  by  very 
hard  fighting :  he  could  not  fail  to  rest  after  it ;  and  if  the 
words  fjblav  r/fiipav  did  not  include  remaining  for  the  next 
day,  they  would  have  no  meaning  at  all.  On  the  arrival  at 
the  plain  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  there  were  almost  two 
days  for  resting.  That  portion  of  the  army  which  had  gone 
forward,  and  for  whose  support  Hannibal  had  stayed  back 
the  night  before,  may  have  reached  the  summit  at  or  soon 
after  daybreak ;  and  he  himself  promptly  followed  them. 
This  day,  though  it  succeeded  a  night  of  labour,  was  itself  a 
day  of  repose,  and  must  be  counted  one  of  the  two,  during 
which  the  army  is  said  to  have  stayed  on  the  summit :  no 
one  has  contended  that  they  stayed  beyond  the  second  night, 
nor  is  it  probable  ;  never  was  time  more  precious  :  it  is 
easier  to  believe  in  a  pause  of  two  days  and  two  nights,  than 
in  one  of  three  days  and  three  nights. 

The  Evidence,  miscalled  the  View,  of  Italy. 

One  who  should  come  to  the  reading  of  this  history,  not 
having  already  received  any  particular  impression  on  the 
incidents  of  the  mountain  march,  would,  I  think,  not  under- 
stand from  it  that  the  Carthaginian  soldiers  enjoyed  a  view 
of  Italy  from  the  summit  of  the  pass.  But  probably  most 
persons  have  reM  the  story  in  their  own  or  some  other  lan- 
guage before  they  read  it  in  the  language  of  Polybius,  and 
may  have  received  an  impression  that  the  invaders  were 
indulged  with  such  a  view.  Coming  afterwards  to  read 
Polybius,  they  presume  that  his  statement  intends  what  they 
have  heard  of  before. 

The  incident  on  which  this  notion  is  built,  is  an  address  of 
Hannibal  to  his  soldiers,  an  incident  which  belonged  to  the 
one  day  of  entire  rest ;  for  Polybius,  having  related  that 
incident  and  its  effect,  says,  "  On  the  next  day  he  began  the 
descent."     Many  a  critic  has  assumed,  but  not,  I  think,  by 


254  Polyhius  interpretecL  [part  vi. 

instruction  of  Polybius,  that,  when  this  address  was  delivered, 
the  expanse  of  Italy  was  visible  to  the  assembled  army,  and 
has  fondly  imagined  the  summit  of  his  own  theory  to  enjoy  a 
special  advantage  for  exhibiting  it. 


The  Text  considered. 

Now  what  is  the  statement  ?  Not  that  Hannibal  in  march 
halted  his  disheartened  men  at  an  eminence  to  enjoy  a  distant 
view  in  bad  weather  :  but  that,  during  the  day  of  repose,  he 
assembled  them,  and  addressed  them,  having  this  resource  or 
argument,  the  evidence,  the  manifestation,  the  assurance  of 
Italy — rrjv  rrj^  'iraX/a?  evdpyeiav.  This  word,  ivapyeca, 
though  sometimes  construed  "  view,"  has  not  in  itself  the 
meaning  of  "  view."  Although  the  word  is  founded  on  a  qua- 
lity which  concerns  the  sense  of  sight,  namely  brightness  or 
clearness,  the  proper  force  of  it  is  clearness  to  the  under- 
standing. Such  is  the  force  of  our  own  word  "evidence," 
though  by  derivation  it  is  more  decidedly  connected  with  the 
idea  of  sight.  The  certainty  or  distinctness  which  evapyeia 
imports,  may  be  a  certainty  obtained  through  ocular  proof  as 
well  as  other  proof ;  but  the  word  in  itself  does  not  signify 
"  view."  The  other  passages  of  Polybius  in  which  the  word 
occurs  are  these : — 

Lib.  iii.  c.  xliv.  6,  y  Trj<;  Trapova-la^  evapyeia  twv  eirLcnrod' 
fikvcav :  the  clear  fact  of  the  presence  of  those  who 
invited  them  on.  When  Hannibal  introduced  the 
Cisalpine  chiefs  on  the  morrow  of  the  passage  of 
the  Ehone,  this  was  the  first  topic  of  encouragement 
in  his  address  to  the  soldiers.  If  evdpyeta  signified 
"  view,"  Trj<;  irapova-la^  would  be  superfluous. 

Lib.  iii.  c.  iii.  3,  irdvrcav  he  to  prjOev  e'in<Tr)ii7]vap,evci)v  hid 
TTjv  evdpyeiav :  aU  signifying  their  approbation  of 
what  was  spoken,   because  of  its  manifest  truth. 


CHAP.  I.]  Summit    Evidente  of  Italy,  255 

Hannibal  had  desired  them  to  look  around,  and 
notice  the  favourable  nature  of  the  ground  for  an 
engagement.  The  truth  of  what  he  said  was  to  be 
recognised  by  the  eye :  but  ivdpyeia  is  not  a  view 
of  what  he  spoke,  but  the  obvious  truth  of  it. 

Lib.  iv.  c.  xvii.  2,  to??  \6yoi^  iirtKpvyfrea-OaL  ra?  toov 
TTpayfiaTcov  ivapyela^ :  to  obscure  by  words  the 
evidences  of  things  done. 

Lib.  vi.  c.*xv.  8,  St'  <Sv  viro  ttjv  o^lv  ayerai  Tot<i  7ro\lTai,<; 
VTTO  Twv  a-Tparryywv  rj  rwv  KareLpyaa/jbivcov  irpay- 
fiaTcov  ivapyeia:  through  which  (triumphs)  the  clear 
evidence  of  deeds  performed  by  their  generals  is 
brought  under  the  view  of  the  citizens.  The  idea 
of  view  is  expressed  in  oyfrcv,  not  in  iyapyeia. 

Lib.  xvi.  c.  xxiii.  2,  Bia  t?}9  toov  elaayofieveov  ivapyeia<i 
fjLifivrjaKOfievot  t&v  TrpoyeyovoToyv  KLvhvvayv :  remem- 
bering bygone  dangers  through  the  evidence  of 
things  brought  forward.  This,  too,  is  said  in  speak- 
ing of  triumphs.  If  Casaubon  was  right  in  con- 
jecturing evapyeia<;,  instead  of  the  previous  reading 
ivepy€ia<;,  yet  the  idea  represented  is  evidence,  not 
view;  though  visible  objects  were  the  means  of 
bringing  former  calamities  to  mind. 

As  the  employment  of  the  word  ivdpyeca  does  not  require 
us,  indeed  hardly  permits  us  to  render  it  by  the  term  "  view," 
the  context  of  the  narrative  seems  also  to  require  the  word 
"  evidence."  The  history  proceeds  thus  : — "  For  Italy  has 
"  been  so  placed*  under  the  mountains  which  I  have  before 
"  described,  that,  when  both  are  contemplated  together,  the 
"  Alps  bear  the  character  of  citadel  to  the  whole  of  Italy." 
The  geographical  character  of  the  Alps  as  the  barrier  of 
Italy  is  adduced,  as  furnishing  the  topic  of  comfort  to  the 

*  Literally,  had  lain,  or  had  been  placed. 


256  PolyUus  interpreted.  [part  vi. 

desponding  soldiers,  the  description  being  suggested  by  the 
historian's  own  observation  of  the  course  of  Alps  towering 
above  the  Italian  plain.  In  this  picture  he  rather  has  in 
mind  a  view  of  the  ramparts  from  the  plain  than  a  view 
of  the  plain  from  the  ramparts :  the  conception  is  that 
the  Alps  have  the  character  of  citadel,  and  he  portrays 
them  as  the  walls  or  defences  of  Italy,  not  expressing  any 
particular  part  of  them,  but  speaking  of  the  whole,  which  he 
has  described  as  ranging  from  the  Sardinian  sea  to  the 
Adriatic.  He  invites  you  to  understand  this  natural  defence, 
and  to  appreciate  the  fact  of  surmounting  it :  he,  the  first 
perhaps  from  Eome,  who,  in  the  pursuit  of  knowledge,  had 
completed  the  passage  of  the  great  bulwark,  and  contemplated, 
as  a  soldier  and  a  philosopher,  its  physical  and  military 
importance. 

This  introduction  enables  us  to  sympathise  in  the  consola- 
tion which  Hannibal  administered  to  his  men  :  they  who  had 
toiled  for  months  to  master  the  acropolis  of  Saguntum,  were 
to  be  assured  that  they  had  now  mastered  the  acropolis  of 
Italy.  If,  when  he  commanded  their  attendance,  the  expanse 
of  the  Italian  plain  lay  visibly  before  them,  each  man  was 
receiving  through  his  own  senses  the  argument  of  comfort, 
and  the  assurances  of  his  leader  were  superfluous.  As  for  a 
specula,  such  as  some  have  imagined  for  the  scene  of  this 
exhortation  while  they  were  in  march,  no  such  thing  is  offered 
to  us  by  the  words  of  Polybius.  The  encouragement  was 
administered  to  them  in  a  scene  surrounded  with  Alpine 
heights  :  the  important  truth,  that  the  citadel  was  gained, 
that  they  had  surmounted  the  source  of  one  stream,  and 
attained  the  source  of  another,  was  to  be  impressed  upon  their 
minds;  but  it  was  not  offered  to  their  eyes.  This  other 
stream  was  the  descending  stream  to  Italy.  Nothing  can  be 
so  fitted  to  recruit  the  spirit  and  temper  of  the  exhausted 
traveller,  as  the  sure  knowledge  of  such  a  fact.     To  feel  this, 


CHAP.  I.]  Summit     Evidence  of  Italy.  257 

it  is  not  necessary  to  have  crossed  the  Alps.  Let  him,  who 
has  only  walked  from  Llanrwst  to  Bangor,  reflect  how  he  has 
watched  the  point  where  he  should  cease  to  have  a  river  for 
his  opponent,  and  begin  to  have  one  for  his  companion :  that 
point  is  evidence  of  the  success  of  his  enterprise,  and  that  his 
labour  is  not  in  vain. 

Observe  then  the  words,  which  tell  the  substance  of  Hanni- 
bal's address,  in  which  he  availed  himself  of  this  geographical 
truth,  applying  it  for  encouragement  and  congratulation  : 
— "  Wherefore,  pointing  towards  the  plain  of  the  Po,  and 
"  reminding  them  generally  of  the  friendliness  of  the  Gauls 
"  who  dwelt  there,  and  at  the  same  time  suggesting  to  them 
"  the  very  situation  of  Eome  herself,  he  succeeded  to  some 
"  extent  in  confirming  the  spirits  of  his  men." 

Their  attention  was  called  to  three  subjects :  the  great 
Northern  plain  into  which  they  were  about  to  descend ;  the 
favour  of  the  inhabitants  among  whom  they  would  arrive  ;  the 
further  object  of  their  hopes,  Eome.  It  will  probably  be 
admitted,  that  two  of  these  subjects  were  not  represented  as 
objects  of  sight;  and  that  we  may  translate  virofiifivrjaKwv 
"  reminding,"  and  viro^uKvvoiv  "  suggesting."  Mr.  Ellis  says 
nothing  on  those  words  :  but  takes  his  stand  on  evBeiKvv- 
fievo^  TO.  Trepl  rov  Ilahov  irehla  ;  saying  :  "  This  is  of  course 
"  the  expression  on  which  I  relied  to  prove  the  fact  of  those 
"plains  being  visible." — Journal  of  Philology,  ii.  309.  The 
question  then  is — need  this  third  topic  of  the  address,  the 
plain  of  Po,  have  been  at  that  time  an  object  of  vision,  by 
reason  of  the  word  evheiKvufievo^;  ? 

If  we  regard  the  usual  application  of  that  word,  there  is 
surely  no  such  necessity.  The  plain  of  the  Po  had  become 
a  familiar  object  of  their  desires,  as  well  as  the  Gaulish  alli- 
ance, and  the  Eoman  capital :  and  we  find  in  his  works  six 
other  instances  of  evheUvviJiat  besides  this.  In  one  of  them, 
it  signifies  to  point  out  so  as  to  induce  ocular  observation  :  in 

VOL.  T.  S 


258  Polyhius  interpreted.  [pakt  vi. 

one,  the  idea  of  sight  is  supplied  by  another  word  expressly 
employed  for  the  purpose  :  in  the  remaining  four,  it  unequi- 
vocally means  to  show  to  the  understanding. 

Lib.  ii.  C.  iv.  3,  T379  tvx^^'  ^airep  eirlrrjhe^;  /cal  rot? 
dWoL<;  av6pa)7roL<;  eVl  toov  eKeivoLf;  avfi^aivovrtov 
ivBeiKpvfievr}^  t?)v  avTrj<;  Bvvafjuiv :  fortune,  pur- 
posely as  it  were,  showing  her  power  to  the  rest 
of  mankind,  by  the  things  which  happen  to  those. 

Lib.  iv.  c.  xxviii.  4,  irepl  ^9  iv  dpxcd'i  iveBei^d/neda  : 
on  which  I  have  given  explanation  in  the  early 
part  of  my  work. 

Lib.  V.  c.  xvi.  7,  wdvra  ravra  fier  aTToBel^eeof;  ivBeiK- 
vvfjbivov  Koi  /jLapTvp(ov'  :  having  pointed  out  all 
these  things  by  demonstration  and  witnesses. 

Lib.  xi.  c.  ix.  8,  iveheUvwro  tov<^  K6KaWco7na-/j,€vov<; : 
they  marked  out  those  who  were  finely  dressed. 

Lib.  xviii.  c.  vi.  2.  ivapyco^s  vtto  Tr)v  o-^tv  ivBei,Kyvfievo<! : 
pointing  them  out  as  clearly  within  view. 

Lib.  XXV.  c.  iv.  11,  ^ov\6fi€voc<;  ivBeUvvaOac  toU  'Fcofialoc^, 
OTL  hC  avTOV  Bvvarof;  iarl  rov  ^apvaKTjv  dfivvaadat 
Kal  KaTaTToKe/jbelv  :  wishing  to  show  the  Eomans, 
that  he  is  able  of  himself  to  repel  and  subdue  Phar- 
naces. 

Such  being  the  use  of  ivBeUvvfiai  by  Polybius,  I  think  we 
may  be  satisfied  that  in  the  sentence  before  us  he  did  not 
intend  us  to  understand  the  exhibition  of  a  thing  actually 
seen  by  the  soldiers.  If  this  had  been  meant,  the  words  vtto 
T^v  osjnv  might  have  been  added,  as  in  the  passage  here  cited 
from  the  18th  book,  and  that  cited  before  from  the  6th  book. 
We  may  render  ivheiKvviievo^  "  pointing  out,"  or  "  pointing  to," 
without  implying  a  vision  of  the  object  by  the  persons  assem- 
bled and  addressed.  Action  probably  accompanied  the  words : 
the  chief  was  encircled  by  his  troops,  seeing  only  those  whom 


CHAP.  II.]  Summits,  which  claim  a  view,  259 

he  addressed,  they  looking  only  on  their  leader  who  addressed 
them  :  he  enforced  the  topic  of  encouragement,  pointing  back 
to  the  horrors  of  the  ascent,  and  forward  in  direction  of  the 
friendly  stream  which  would  guide  them  into  the  plain  and 
the  country  of  their  allies.  All  this  could  be  in  a  scene  shut 
in  with  mountains  and  clouded  with  the  dullest  atmosphere. 
The  historical  fact  is,  that  he  made  the  effort  of  consolation  : 
the  consolation  was,  that  they  had  gained  the  summit :  for 
this  to  be  owned  and  felt,  he  indicated  to  them,  but  not 
visibly  to  the  sense,  the  subject  plain. 


CHAPTEE  II. 

No  practicable  Summit  gives  a  View  of  Italy.  It  is  claimed 
for  Monte  Viso  hy  St.  Simon  and  the  Anonymous  of  Cam- 
bridge 1830:  for  Balbotet,  by  Folard,  who  is  followed  by 
Vaudoncourt  and  Band^  de  Lavalette:  for  the  Cenis, 
by  Larauza,  the  writer  in  "Blackwood's  Magazine,"  and 
Mr,  Ellis. 

Suppose  that  the  remarks  which  I  liave  made  are  not 
assented  to,  and  that  the  arbiters  of  Greek  should  adjudge 
ivdpyeia  to  be  "a  view"  in  its  most  sensual  import;  an  inquiry 
of  fact  will  be  opened.  But  it  would  be  a  fact  for  present 
inquiry:  Polybius  would  not  be  responsible:  we  should  claim 
the  right  to  suppose,  that,  in  his  own  journey  through  the  Alps, 
he  was  not  favoured  with  a  transparent  atmosphere,  so  conclu- 
sive of  fact,  as  to  warrant  him  in  rejecting  a  current  anecdote. 
He  had  no  experience  from  which  he  could  assert,  that  there- 
is  no  practicable  summit  which  gives  a  view  of  Italy. 

The  probability  of  finding  a  view  is  differently  estimated 
by  two  classes  of  persons ;  those  who  assume  that  Alpine 
elevation  must  necessarily  give  to  the  eye  the  command  of  all 

s  2 


2()0  Polyhius  interpreted,  [part  \i. 

surrounding  country,  as  from  the  Malvern  hills,  or  the  tower 
of  Lincoln  Cathedral,  and  those  who  believe  that  from  the 
summit  of  every  Alpine  pass,  properly  so  called,  such  enjoy- 
ment is  unattainable.  By  a  pass  of  Alps  one  must  understand 
a  way  not  incredible  for  the  passage  of  an  army  :  there  may 
be  parts  of  the  main  ridge  so  narrow  that  the  eye  may  almost 
from  the  same  spot  command  a  Savoy  valley  and  a  Piemont 
valley :  such  places  are  accessible  to  the  natives,  and  may 
occasionally  be  penetrated  by  an  adventurous  traveller :  but 
no  part  which  is  so  depressed  as  to  be  useful  for  armies  or 
merchandise  can  furnish  a  prospect  which  is  not  broken  by 
some  course  of  mountain  dividing  one  tortuous  valley  from 
another.  I  do  not  believe  that  at  any  period  a  large  army  has 
come  over  the  Alps  by  any  course  which  is  not  now  in  the 
limited  list  of  great  well-known  passes.  The  result  of  the 
enterprising  performances  of  the  bolder  tourists  is,  not  to 
show  new  practicable  passes  for  large  bodies  of  men,  but  to 
prove  their  impossibility. 

These  comments  are  sustained  by  experience :  if  any  lines 
of  passage  practicable  for  an  army  could  supply  a  summit 
giving  a  view  of  the  Italian  plain,  the  discovery  would  have 
been  made  manifest  by  some  of  the  itinerant  theorists  who 
have  been  searching  for  it  during  the  last  two  centuries. 
Though  the  discovery  has  not  been  made,  instances  may  be 
adverted  to,  in  which  critics  of  the  march  have  more  or  less 
imposed  upon  themselves  by  giving  locality  to  this  supposed 
incident.  The  passes  which  claim  to  be  so  distinguished  are 
not  many.  The  Great  St.  Bernard  confesses  not  to  see  the 
plain  of  Italy.  The  Little  St.  Bernard  and  Mont  Genevre 
also  show  no  pretension  to  it.  Three  passes  only  are  to  be 
noticed,  as  put  forward  to  assert  the  enjoyment  of  a  view. 


CHAP.  II.]  Summits,  luhich  claim  a  view.  2G1 

View,     Monte  Viso.     St.  Simon. 

Viso  is  the  Carthaginian  summit  of  the  Marquis  de  St. 
Simon,  aide-de-camp  to  the  Prince  de  Conti  in  the  campaign 
of  1644  ;  and  it  is  adopted  by  the  anonymous  of  Cambridge, 
who,  in  1830,  attacked  Polybius  and  the  Oxford  Dissertation. 
It  has  appeared  that  the  tracks  which  those  critics  assert,  one 
drawn  by  Valence,  the  other  by  Grenoble,  fall  into  one  at 
TaUard  on  the  Durance  ;  and  that  this  comes  to  a  beginning 
of  the  Alps  in  the  valley  of  the  Ubaye.  One  would  think  that 
any  body  of  men,  once  touching  the  Durance,  and  on  their 
way  up  that  river  to  Italy  and  Viso,  would  make  their  way, 
not  by  ascending  the  river  Ubaye.  It  is  otherwise  with  these 
two  writers  :  each  conducts  Hannibal  south-west  to  Barcelon-\  |^.^^*  v* 
nette.  Now,  supposing  a  man  to  have  got  to  Barcelonnette, 
his  onward  way  to  Italy  would  be  by  the  Col  d'Argenti^re, 
and  down  the  valley  of  the  Stura  to  Coni.  Instead  of  that, 
they  forward  him  from  Barcelonnette  to  the  Viso,  and  both 
their  schemes  of  movement  are  curious.  The  Marquis  does 
not  quite  know  how  he  managed  to  get  to  Viso ;  but  he 
declares  the  fact :  the  other,  knowing  as  little  or  less,  and  not 
going  in  person,  has  invented  an  impossible  geography  to 
make  the  thing  clear. 

Barcelonnette  is  about  22  miles  up  the  Ubaye :  and  beyond 
this  place  the  Marquis  goes  "jusqu'au  col  d'Argenti^re." 
Then,  instead  of  letting  Hannibal  go  down  into  Italy,  he  makes 
him  to  wander  northwards  upon  heights  of  the  main  chain  of 
Alps,  till  he  finds  himself  on  the  Viso.  The  perception  which 
the  Marquis  had  of  this  interesting  track  is  only  to  be  told  in 
his  own  words,  which  are  these  :  "  Quoique  je  ne  sache  pas 
"  precisement  quelle  route  Annibal  s'est  ouverte  pour  arriver 
"  h  la  sommit^  des  Alpes,  je  ne  le  perds  pas  plus  de  vue  qu'un 
"  chasseur  qui,  des  hauteurs,  laisse  sa  mente  parcourir  les 
"  routes  et  les  fourr^es  d'un  bois  a  I'entree  duquel  il  Ta  con- 


262  FolyUus  interpreted.  [part  VI. 

"  duite :  il  ne  la  voit  plus,  mais  il  Tentend  au  loin,  et  la 
"  rejoint  aussit6t  qu'elle  quitte  les  fonds.  II  me  retrouve  de 
*'  meme  avec  Annibal  sur  le  Monte  Viso,  sans  m'inquieter  de 
"  tons  les  detours  oii  la  fraude  des  ses  guides,  son  peu  de 
"  eonfiance  en  eux,  et  son  manque  de  connaissance  de  I'in- 
"  t^rieur  des  montagnes,  ont  du  le  faire  errer  pendant  neuf 
"  jours."  Perhaps  the  Marquis  was  not  so  long  about  it : 
but  he  did  not  accomplish  his  object.  He  had  been  as- 
sured, that  from  the  summit  the  plain  of  Piemont  was  to 
be  seen ;  but  he  was-  unlucky  in  his  day :  "  On  me  la 
"  montrd  comme  on  fait  h  tous  les  voyageurs ;  mais  je  suis 
"  force  a  convenir  que  je  n'ai  pu  la  voir  qu'en  imagination." 
He  consoles  himself  with  describing  how  far  the  Carthaginian 
adventurer  had  been  more  fortunate :  "  Annibal,  en  arrivant 
"  aupr^s  du  Monte  Viso,  devient  tout-a-coup  un  amateur 
"  ardent  des  montagnes.  II  monta  jusqu'^  la  sommite  de  ce 
"  pic  inaccessible,  pour  jouir  de  la  vue  des  plaines  du  Pie- 
"  mont,  et  pour  les  montrer  a  ses  soldats.  II  s'el^ve  pour 
"  cela  jusqu't\  une  hauteur  que  Ton  croit  etre  de  2,500  toises, 
"  et  par  consequent  superieure  k  celle  de  Mont  Blanc."  One 
is  inclined  to  ask,  how  much  of  his  speech  was  heard  by  his 
troops  ? 

View.    Monte  Viso.     Cambridge  Anonymous. 

The  Englishman  who  has  adopted  Viso  as  the  summit  for  a 
view,  finds  a  way  to  it  for  Hannibal  not  more  happy  than  that 
of  the  Marquis  St.  Simon.  Having  performed  the  first  Alps 
in  the  valley  of  the  Ubaye;  he  writes  thus,  p.  64 : — "  After 
"  encamping  at  the  town  for  a  day,  the  army  proceeds  by  the 
"  Chemin  Royal  up  the  valley  of  the  Ubaye,  and  for  three 
"  days  their  march  is  pursued  in  safety.  On  the  fourth,  the 
"  mountaineers  in  token  of  peace  come  forward,  and  purchase 
"  the  good-will  of  Hannibal  with  an  abundant  supply  of  cattle. 
"  They  gain  their  object  by  persuading  him  to  accept  their 


CHAP.  II.]  Summits,  ivhich  claim  a  view.  263 

"  guidance  through  the  rest  of  the  passage.  He  is  conducted 
"  by  them  from  the  valley  of  the  Ubaye  up  the  deep  gorges 
"  of  the  river  Guil  away  from  the  right  path.  The  Cartha- 
"  ginians  follow  their  guides  into  the  difficult  and  dangerous 
"  ravine  of  the  Guil,  which  proves  fatal  to  a  great  part  of  the 
"  army.  In  the  morning  irporjye  7r/509  Ta<i  vTrep^oXa^  Ta<i 
"  dpcordrcj  toov  %\7r€cov,  and  early  on  the  ninth  day  he  reaches 
"  the  summit  of  the  pass  of  Monte  Viso,  about  which  he  en- 
"  camps  and  remains  tw^o  days."  Then  comes  the  eulogy  of  the 
View ;  and  then,  without  notice  of  intermediate  points,  Turin. 

Now  the  path  into  which  this  writer  states  the  Carthaginians 
to  have  been  seduced  by  the  natives  has  no  existence.  After 
more  than  three  days'  marches  up  the  valley  of  the  Ubaye,  he 
carries  them  up  the  gorges  of  the  Guil.  There  are  no  such 
gorges :  the  Guil  torrent  rising  far  to  the  noith-west  of  the 
Col  de  Viso,  flows  south-west,  making  its  course  to  Mont 
Dauphin,  and  so  into  the  Durance.  The  valley  of  the  Ubaye 
never  approaches  the  course  of  the  Guil,  though  perhaps  the 
ranges  of  mountain,  which  send  contribuents  to  one,  may  in 
an  opposite  direction  remotely  contribute  to  the  other.  To  go 
up  a  gorge  of  the  Guil  towards  Monte  Yiso,  is  impossible.  To 
go  from  the  valley  of  the  Ubaye  up  the  gorges  of  the  Guil  is 
impossible.  According  to  the  best  maps,  the  most  fraudulent 
guide  could  not  take  you  to  the  Viso  from  the  valley  of  the 
Ubaye  up  any  gorge  of  the  Guil. 

The  effort  of  this  commentator  was,  not  to  interpret  Poly- 
bius,  but  to  interpret  the  Marquis  de  St.  Simon.  The  attempt 
was  indiscreet:  for  the  Marquis  avowed  that  he  could  not 
explain  his  own  track :  and  yet  he  went  in  person,  which  the 
Cambridge  anonymous  did  not. 

View  from  Balbotet.    Folard. 

The  Chevalier  Folard,  in  his  elucidations  of  Polybius, 
invented  this  summit  with  its  view.     After  coming  over  the 


264  Folybius  interpreted.  [part  VI. 

Mont  Gen^vre  to  C^sanne,  he  studies  the  scene  for  Hannibal's 
engagement  with  the  barbarian  enemy :  he  finds  it  near  the 
ascent  of  the  Col  de  Sestriere  ;  and  calls  it  "  le  combat  contre 
"  les  Allobroges  des  Alpes  Cottiennes."  He  says,  "  II  est 
"  difficile  de  pouvoir  bien  determiner  I'endroit  oil  se  passa 
''  cette  grande  action  entre  Annibal  et  les  Allobroges.  La 
"  connaissance  que  j'ai  des  lieux  me  feroit  croire  que  ce  g^n^ral 
"  fut  attaque  entre  Sezanne  et  le  mont  de  Sestri^res.  Le  rocher 
"  ou  Polybe  dit  qu' Annibal  passa  une  nuit  si  triste,  se  trouve 
"  la  comme  fait  expr^s,  et  existe  encore."  But  the  writer  looks 
beyond  the  Sestriere  for  Hannibal's  summit :  the  march  is 
carried  further  forward  along  mountain  tops,  to  make  sure  of 
the  best  view.  "  II  gagna  enfin  le  col  de  la  Fenetre  qu'il  avoit 
"  k  sa  gauche,  par  le  haut  des  montagnes,  C'est  sur  le  plateau 
*'  de  cette  montagne,  ou  est  aujourd'hui  le  village  de  Barbottet, 
"  qu' Annibal  dut  camper.  C'est  dans  ce  camp  de  Barbottet, 
*'  qu' Annibal  fit  remarquer  a  ses  soldats  toute  la  plaine  du 
"  Piemont,  jusqu'au  pais  des  Insubriens.  II  n'y  a  que  le  seul 
"  endroit  au  plus  haut  du  col  de  la  Fenetre  d'oii  Ton  puisse 
"  decouvrir  I'ltalie."     Tom.  iv.  pp.  90,  91. 

The  translation  of  Polybius  by  Dom  Vincent  Tliuiller  was 
published  in  1728  in  six  quarto  volumes.  The  commentary  of 
Folard  which  belongs  to  it  is  to  the  text  in  bulk  as  about  four 
or  five  to  one,  the  last  volume  excepted,  which  is  without  notes. 
Certain  reviewers  had  said : — "  C'est  dommage  qu'on  ne  puisse 
"  pas  lire  de  suite  Polybe,  et  qu'il  faille,  pour  ainsi  dire,  courir 
"  apres  le  texte,  qui  se  perd  a  chaque  moment  dans  un  abime 
"  de  Notes  et  de  Eefiexions."  These  remarks  are  complained 
of  in  a  preface  to  the  fourth  volume  :  but  the  criticism  was 
lenient,  dealing  only  with  material  proportions.  Other  merits 
might  have  been  questioned,  beginning  with  the  title-page, 
where  the  annotations  are  recommended  for  the  improvement 
of  general  officers.  If  all  are  equivalent  to  those  which  con- 
cern the  ivdpyeta  of  Hannibal,  no  subaltern  could  l)e  the 
better  for  them. 


CHAP.  II.]  Summits,  which  claim  a  viev).  265. 

View  from,  Balhotet.     Vandoncourt.     M.  de  Lavalette. 

Though  Chevalier  Folard,  as  I  believe,  stands  alone  for  the 
site  of  the  first  conflict  with  barbarians,  and  for  the  track  in 
which  he  places  it,  yet  before  he  brings  Hannibal  over  the 
Genevre,  he  is  joined  by  other  commentators,  who,  in  the  desire 
of  a  view,  sanction  the  latter  part  of  his  labours  with  their 
concurrence.  Two,  who  have  tracked  Hannibal  up  the 
Durance,  and  join  the  Chevalier  at  Brian^on  to  cross  the 
Genevre  with  him  to  Cesanne,  having  failed  to  discover  a  view 
of  their  own,  follow  him  to  regale  their  eyes  with  the  prospect 
from  Balbotet.  These  are  General  Vandoncourt,  and  M.  Bande 
de  Lavalette.  The  general  says  (tom.  i.  p.  50):  "  Le  neuvi^me 
"jour  I'arm^e  vint  camper  sur  les  hauteurs  de  I'Assiette:" 
and  (p.  53):  "M.  de  Folard  est  le  seul  qui  a  saisi  le  vrai  point 
"  du  passage  d'Annibal.  II  remonta  le  col  de  Sestrieres  et 
"  suivit  la  Crete  des  montagnes  jusqu'au  col  de  la  Fenetre. 
-"  C'est  du  plateau  qui  domine  le  village  de  Balbotet,  et  qui 
"  est  en  face  de  I'embouchure  de  la  vallee  de  Pragelas, 
"  qu'Annibal  fit  voir  a  ses  soldats  les  plaines  du  Piemont : 
"  c'est  effectivement  le  seul  endroit  ou  Ton  puisse  avoir  une 
"  vue  semblable  :  tous  les  autres  sont  masques." 

M.  de  Lavalette,  unable  to  dispense  with  a  view,  says : — 
"  Si,  aa  lieu  de  s'enfon^er  dans  le  vallee  de  la  Doire  au-dessous 
"  de  Cezanne,  le  voyageur  franchit  a  droite  le  col  de  Sestrieres, 
''  il  arrive  bientot  sur  le  plateau  de  Balbotet :  et  \k  les  plaines 
"  du  Po  se  d^voilent  a  ses  regards.  II  n'y  a  que  ce  point  sur 
"  toutes  les  routes  des  Alpes,  d'ou  Ton  puisse  a  une  telle 
"  hauteur  d^couvrir  et  montrer  I'ltalie."  This  writer  is,  as  I 
had  occasion  to  show  before,  a  conscientious  critic :  accord- 
ingly, having  subscribed  to  this  exploit  in  favour  of  a  view, 
he  is  duly  disturbed  (p.  119)  by  the  fact  that  Balbotet  is  no 
summit :  "c'est  1^,"  he  says,  "  une  veritable  difficult^  ;"  how- 
ever, as  no  other  point  in  the  Alps  shows  the  plain  so  well,  he 


266       *  PolyUus  interpreted.  [part  vi. 

is  content  to  have  his  view  in  a  wrong  place,  rather  than  not 
have  it  at  all. 

View  from  the  Genis.    Laraum. 

The  ingenious  Laranza,  in  his  effort  to  establish  a  view,  has 
said  enough  to  show  that  there  is  none.  In  criticising  the 
plateau  of  Balbotet,  he  says,  p.  188 :  "  Qu'est  ce  qu* 
"  Annibal  serait  alle  faire  au  sommet  de  cette  montagne?" 
May  we  not  ask  the  same  question  concerning  his  own 
eminence  "  au  sommet  du  Cenis  ?"  He  proceeded  from  Susa 
by  the  new  road  before  day-break ;  and  walking  through 
Jaillon  and  St.  Martin,  was  for  some  time  in  expectation  of 
a  view  which  he  had  conceived  from  the  study  of  Lady 
Morgan's  "Italy;"  but  after  a  little  discussion,  he  arrives  at 
this  :  "  C'est  done  au  sommet  du  Cenis,  et  pres  du  plateau 
"  ou  campa  I'armee,  qu^il  faut  chercher  ce  promontorium  d'oii 
"  eUe  vit  les  plaines  qu'arrose  le  Po."  Hereupon  he  quotes 
from  a  work  of  1764,  by  two  Swedish  gentlemen,  saying  : — 
"  Or,  voici  ce  que  dit  Grosley  qui,  comme  nous,  fait  passer 
"  par  1^  le  general  Carthaginois.  L'espece  de  coupe  que 
"  forme  le  plateau  du  Mont  Cenis,  est  bordee  de  falaises  tr^s 
"  ^levees,  et  ainsi  il  n'occupe  pas,  au  pied  de  la  lettre,  le 
"  sommet  de  la  niontagne.  C'est  a  mi-c6te  d'une  de  ces 
"  falaises,  k  la  hauteur  du  Prieure,  qu'on  decouvre  les  plaines 
"  de  Piemont,  et  c'est  de  1^  qu' Annibal  put  les  montrer  k  son 
"  armee." 

To  this  M.  Larauza  adds  his  own  comment : — "  II  est 
"  probable  que  cette  Falaise  que  Grosley  ne  designe  pas 
"  autrement,  est  la  montagne  de  Saint-Martin,  qui  se  trouve 
"  en  avant  du  petit  Mont  Cenis,  formant  la  partie  supc^rieure 
"  de  la  montagne  de  Jaillon,  et  situee  comme  elle  dans  la 
"  direction  de  la  vaU^e  de  Suse,  h  travers  laquelle  la  vue 
"  d^bouche  sur  la  plaine  de  Turin.  Je  le  cotoyai  k  partir 
"  du   petit  hameau  qui  lui    donne   son   nom,    I'ayant    con- 


CHAP.  II.]  Summits,  which  claim  a  view,  267 

"  tiniiment  sur  ma  gauche,  et  arriv^  k  la  plaine  du  Mout 
*'  Cenis,  au-dela  de  I'auberge  de  la  Grand-Croix,  vers  le 
"  quatorzi^me  refuge,  elle  ne  me  paraissait  plus  que  comme 
"  une  coUine  tr^s  peu  41ev4e  au-dessus  du  sol.  D'apres  la 
"  position  de  cette  montagne,  situee  tout  k  fait  en  face  de  la 
"  valine  de  Suse,  et  n'ayant  devant  elle  aucune  autre  montagne 
"  qui  intercepte  la  vue,  je  conjecturais  qu'en  montant  au 
"  sommet  on  devait  decouvrir  la  plaine ;  ce  qui  me  fut  con- 
"  firme  k  plusieurs  reprises  par  des  gens  du  pays  avec  qui  je 
"  faisais  route,  et  qui  m'affirmerent  que  du  haut  d'un  rocher 
"  qu'ils  appellent  Corna  Eossa,  et  qui  se  presente  solitaire  et 
"  detach^  k  la  partie  supdrieure  de  la  montagne  de  Saint 
"  Martin,  on  decouvre  Turin  et  toute  la  plaine.  En  me 
"  montrant  la  gorge  qui  s^pare  la  cime  de  cette  montagne  de 
"  celle  du  petit  Mont  Cenis,  ils  me  disaient  que  leurs  anciens 
"  leur  avaient  racont^  qu'un  fameux  general  nomm^  Annibal 
"  etait  passe  par  1^  il  y  a  bien  long  tems.  Nous  pouvons 
"  done  supposer  tr^s  naturellement  que  ce  fut  la  ce  promon- 
"  torium  d'ou  ce  grand  capitaine  montra  I'ltalie  k  sou 
"  armee." 

We  have  here  come  to  M.  Larauza's  own  evidence  touching 
what  he  gathered  from  the  gens  du  pays;  and  I  will  add  what 
appears  from  other  writers  concerning  the  Corna  Eossa.  De 
Saussure,  telling  the  observations  which  he  made  from  the 
Eoche  Michel,  says :  "  Au  couchant  du  Eoche  Michel,  au 
"  dessus  du  village  de  la  grande  Croix,  on  voit  un  grand 
"  glacier,  qui  de  la  poste  du  Mont  Cenis  paroit  le  disputer 
"  en  hauteur  au  rocher  de  la  Traise,*  vis  k  vis  duquel  il  paroit 
"  situe,  mais  je  le  crois  moins  ^levd  De  la  Eoche  Michel 
"  nous  le  voyons  abaisse  de  68  minutes  au  dessous  de  notre 
"  horizon :  ce  glacier  se  nomme  Corne-Rousse."  iii.  c.  7,  s. 
1265.     As  this  glacier  was  in  view  to  De  Saussure  looking 

*  La  Fraise  is  south  of  the  Eocher  de  la  Eonche,  in  the  same 
chain,  and  east  of  the  southern  end  of  the  lake. 


268  PolyUus  interpreted.  [part  vi. 

westward  from  the  Eoche  Michel,  it  is  strange  that  M.  Larauza 
should  have  conceived  it  in  the  track  of  Hannibal :  for  he 
carries  that  track  straight  from  Lanslebourg  to  La  Grande 
Croix,  and  thence  through  La  Ferrike  and  JSToval^se,  not  by 
the  heights  of  Bard  or  St.  Martin,  p.  137.  He  can  only 
bring  Hannibal  to  such  a  spot  by  supposing  a  special  ex- 
cursion for  the  purpose. 

There  is  further  evidence  on  the  Coma  Eossa,  and  more 
recent.  They  are  mentioned  by  Brockedon,  whose  investiga- 
tions of  the  region  westward  of  the  route  over  the  Cenis  will 
be  found  in  Blackwood's  Magazine,  of  May  1836,  p.  643.  He 
left  the  VieiUe  Poste  on  the  Cenis,  attended  by  liis  guide 
Etienne,  in  the  morning,  not  in  the  best  weather  ;  and,  cross- 
ing the  summit  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis,  soon  turned  off  to 
the  left.  Leaving  the  Val  d'Ambin  to  the  right,  he  went  up 
the  valley  of  Savines,  and  came  to  the  Lac  Blanc.  Here  he 
speaks  of  looking  towards  the  Mont  d'Ambin  to  the  right,  and 
the  mountain  of  Bard  to  the  left ;  and  says  of  the  latter  : 
*'  Its  summit  can  be  attained  by  a  difficult  path,  leading  from 
"  the  lower  lake  of  the  Mont  Cenis,  and,  passing  by  the 
"  Eoches  Eouges,  the  spot  where  Larauza  says  the  plains  of 
"  Italy  can  be  seen  :  an  assertion  laughed  at  by  Etienne,  who 
"  had  been  there  a  hundred  times,  he  said,  as  chasseur  and 
*'  guide ;  and  who  observed,  that  the  plain  could  only  be 
"  seen  from  the  Eoches  Eouges,  when  the  Eoche  Melon,  an 
"  enormous  mountain  on  the  other  side  of  the  valley  of 
"  Novalese,  was  removed."  He  said  that,  by  climbing  to  the 
glaciers  of  the  Mont  du  Bard,  in  clear  weather,  the  plains  of 
Italy  could  be  seen  over  the  Combe  of  Susa,  and  that  the 
view  was  very  splendid;  but  it  required  five  hours'  hard 
labour  to  attain  the  spot :  and  was  inaccessible  after  snow,  or 
in  unfavourable  weather. 

Mr.  Brockedon  also  reports  his  disappointment  on  a  sub- 
sequent journey  in    not   visiting   the   Corna  Eossa,  as   he 


CHAP.  II.]  Summits y  ivhich  claim  a  view.  269 

intended.  He  says  :  "  I  looked  out  at  five  o'clock,  and  before 
six  every  object  was  concealed  in  mist  and  cloud."  He 
proceeds  :  "  Whilst  I  was  at  breakfast,  I  obtained  information 
"  from  a  respectable  old  guide,  who  had  twice  ascended 
"  to  the  Corna  Eossa  with  botanists  and  engineers  :  he  denied 
"  that  the  plains  of  Italy  could  be  seen  thence."  The  state  of 
the  weather  having  impelled  Mr.  Brockedon  direct  to  Susa, 
he  here  speaks  of  a  gentleman  of  his  acquaintance,  who  had 
been  for  fourteen  years  engaged  upon  a  survey  of  the  Alps, 
especially  of  those  which  divide  Piemont  from  Savoy;  these 
duties  had  led  him  to  the  mountains  above  Bard :  and  he 
said  that  from  its  glaciers  the  plain  could  be  seen,  but  not 
from  the  Corna  Eossa,  as  the  view  from  that  is  intercepted  by 
the  Bois  Noir,  the  mountain  which  flanks  the  Eoche  Melon. 
Same  work,  Aug.  1836,  p.  246. 

Such  is  the  information  which  offers  itself  on  the  Corna 
Eossa.  With  M.  Larauza,  all  geographical  and  optical  diffi- 
culties are  surmounted  to  his  satisfaction  by  the  traditional 
knowledge  of  the  gens  du  pays  whom  he  fell  in  with  on  his 
way,  and  who  pointed  out  the  gorge  between  the  mountain  of 
St.  Martin  and  that  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  as  the  passage  of 
this  famous  general  "  il  y  a  bien  long  tems  : " — "  Nous  pourrons 
"  done  supposer  tres  naturellement,  que  ce  fut  1^  ce  promon- 
"  torium,  d'ou  ce  grand  capitaine  montra  I'ltalie  a  son  arm^e.'* 
"  Ainsi "  (says  the  amiable  enthusiast)  "  tou.t  se  debrouille 
"  et  s'^claircit  k  mesure  que  nous  avan9ons  ! " 

How  susceptible  of  proof  is  he  who  is  resolved  to  believe  ! 
What !  Hannibal  and  his  army,  after  ascending  from  Lansle- 
bourg,  to  find  themselves  in  a  gorge  between  the  Petit  Mont 
Cenis  and  the  Corna  Eossa  !  What  could  bring  him  there  ? 
He  could  not  collect  his  army  on  the  Cornes  Eousses  in  their 
route  from  any  one  place  to  any  other  place  :  he  gives  them 
a  special  expedition,  utterly  extrd^  viam,  made  from  their 
encampment  on  the  plateau  of  the  Cenis,  an  expedition  made. 


270  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  vi. 

for  the  purpose  of  consolation,  but  wMch  would  have  exacted 
from  them  a  day's  walk  more  severe  than  any  which  they 
performed  between  the  Pyrenees  and  the  Po.  The  notion  of 
the  general  mutilating  the  short  repose  of  the  summit,  even 
by  the  trudge  of  half  a  mile  up  the  snowy  steep,  for  the 
doubtful  satisfaction  of  a  view,  seems  too  frivolous  to  find 
place  in  this  controversy  ;  but,  observe,  a  young  man  and  an 
enthusiast  goes  from  Paris  to  the  Cenis  in  the  very  purpose  of 
ratifying  the  fact  of  a  view  ;  he  finds  himself  on  the  plateau 
in  a  season  which  was  not  the  end  of  October  :  he  has  faith 
in  the  gorges  and  the  falaises :  there  is  every  stimulus,  and  no 
impediment  to  the  process  of  ratification,  save  only  the  diffi- 
culty of  the  enterprise :  and  he  abstains  from  the  experiment. 
Yet  these  very  mountain  steeps,  when  buried  in  snow,  are  to 
be  accepted  as  the  holyday  pastime  of  the  African  soldier,  on 
a  day,  his  only  day  of  rest,  when  drooping  with  toil  and 
privation ! 

View  from  the  Cenis,     Anonymous. 

Since  Larauza  made  his  fruitless  search  on  the  Cenis  for 
the  prospect  which  he  desired,  two  of  our  countrymen  have 
discovered  points  of  view  which  have  respectively  given 
satisfaction  to  themselves.  A  writer  in  "  Blackwood's  Maga- 
zine "  of  June  1845,  gives  us  this  information  (p.  758) : — 
"  From  the  southern  front  of  the  summit  of  Mont  Cenis,  not 
"  only  the  plains  of  Piedmont  are  distinctly  visible  at  the 
"  opening  of  the  lower  end  of  the  valley  of  Susa,  which  lies 
"  at  your  feet,  but  the  Apennines  beyond  them  can  be  seen. 
"  To  settle  this  important  point,  the  author  made  a  sketch  of 
"  both  on  the  spot,  on  the  24th  October,  the  very  time  of 
"  Hannibal's  passage,  which  is  still  in  his  possession." 

If  this  sketch  has  a  virtue  that  can  settle  a  point  of  so 
much  interest,  the  owner  should  not  enjoy  it  alone :  in  com- 
passion to  the  literary  world,  let  him,  through  Mr.  Colnaghi, 


CHAP.  II.]  Summits,  which  claim  a  view.  271 

give  the  public  the  benefit  of  his  exertions,  and  allow  the 
eyes  of  others  to  indulge  in  the  same  plain  and  the  same 
Apennine  which  have  charmed  his  own.  No  one  will  be 
severe  on  the  performance,  seeing  the  disadvantages  under 
which  it  was  executed.  According  to  the  writer,  Hannibal, 
when  down  at  the  aTroppco^,  was  within  the  circle  of  perpetual 
snow;  and,  as  the  artist  exercised  his  pencil  on  the  anni- 
versary in  front  of  the  summit,  his  fingers  would  be  touched 
with  frost,  and  lose  their  usual  freedom.  The  cherished  land- 
scape has  probably  adorned  the  wall  of  his  drawing-room, 
smiling  under  the  title  of  ivdpyeia,  and  having,  as  a  pendant, 
the  still  more  curious  XevKoirerpov.  That,  too,  would  be  an 
instructive  novelty :  for,  amidst  the  variety  of  Cenisian  dis- 
covery, this  critic  alone  has  found  that  landmark  of  Polybius 
on  the  summit  of  the  Pass. 

Mr.  Ellis,  in  the  "  Journal  of  Philology,"  ii.  325,  defends  this 
unknown  writer,  as  well  as  himself,  and  designates  my  notice 
of  him  as  *'  uncourteous."  Now,  I  did  not  doubt  that  he 
sketched  what  he  saw;  but  I  did  doubt  that  he  saw  the 
plain  of  Italy  and  the  Apennine  from  the  front  of  the  summit 
of  the  Cenis.  If  Mr.  Ellis  knows  the  spot,  it  is  not  through 
the  article  in  "  Blackwood."  But  it  was  generous  in  him  to 
sympathise  with  one  whose  ideas  are  so  opposite  to  his  own. 
Their  geography  can  hardly  be  the  same :  one  discovers  the 
XevKoirerpov  on  the  summit  of  the  Cenis  ;  the  other,  when 
he  reached  the  Cenis,  had  left  his  XevKoTrerpov  five  days' 
march  behind. 

View  from  the  Cenis,     Mr,  Ellis, 

Mr.  Ellis's  theory  of  a  view,  like  his  theory  of  a  XevKo- 
TTCTpov,  is  contrived  by  taking  great  liberties  with  time  and 
space.  From  the  Eock  to  the  summit,  commonly  supposed 
to  occupy  a  few  hours,  he  has  allowed  a  march  of  five  days. 
His  summit  also   is   on   a   la.rge  scale.      One   expected  au 


272  Polylyius  interpreted,  [part  vi. 

encampment  which  should  occupy  the  requisite  extent  of 
ground  about  the  Col  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis,  and  within 
which  the  rest  of  a  short  two  days,  so  much  needed,  might 
be  enjoyed.  But  Mr.  Ellis  finds  his  summit  to  be  capable  of 
a  second  encampment,  and  contrives  to  occupy  the  one  day  of 
pure  rest  in  shifting  the  army  more  than  seven  miles  further 
on,  besides  other  pursuits. 

Among  eighteen  distances  enumerated  in  his  Treatise  as 
composing  the  march  through  the  Alps,  we  read  this  in  p.  91 : 
"  From  Bramans  to  Col  of  Little  Mont  Cenis,  7 J  Eoman 
miles.  From  Col  to  Grand  Croix,  7  Eoman  miles."  In  the 
Treatise,  summit  sometimes  means  Col,  sometimes  Grand 
Croix.  Mr.  Ellis  says,  p.  50  : — "  On  the  morning  of  the  ninth 
"  day  Hannibal  at  length  gained  the  summit  of  the  Pass. 
"  Here  he  encamped,  and  remained  during  the  greater  part  of 
"  the  ninth  and  all  the  tenth  day,  waiting  for  stragglers  who 
"  had  been  left  behind,  and  giving  repose  to  his  men  after 
"  the  toils  and  dangers  of  the  ascent."  Here  summit  seems 
to  mean  the  Col.  When  he  says,  p.  54,  "On  the  eleventh 
day  the  Carthaginians  began  their  descent,"  Grand  Croix  is  the 
summit  which  they  descend  from. 

IsTow  certainly  the  notion  of  "  encamping  on  the  ninth  day, 
"  and  remaining  all  the  tenth  for  repose  and  to  wait  for  strag- 
"  glers,"  is  not  consistent  with  the  army  marching  that  very 
day  more  than  seven  miles,  besides  making  a  lateral  excursion 
for  a  view.  Mr.  Ellis  makes  light  of  it ;  only  admitting  that, 
"  by  this  movement  to  obtain  the  prospect  of  Italy,  the  position 
"  of  the  Carthaginian  encampment  would  be  a  little  altered 
"  from  what  it  was  on  the  ninth  day."  Indeed,  after  the 
view  he  finds  it  not  worth  while  to  return  towards  the 
Col :  so,  having  retraced  their  steps  through  a  depression  in 
the  mountains,  they  turn  round  and  walk  on,  in  time  to 
make  a  new  encampment  around  Grand  Croix.  This  ad- 
ditional encampment,  told  in  p.  118,  is  not  only  omitted  by 


CHAP.  Ti.]  Summits,  v^hich  claim  a  view.  273 

Polybius,  but  does  not  appear  in  tlie  journal,  or  conditions  of 
Mr.  Ellis. 

Such  is  his  repose  on  the  summit.  In  interpreting  the  his- 
tory, we  all  encroach  upon  the  two  days  of  summit,  in  making 
a  fraction  of  the  ninth  to  be  the  first  day  :  the  tenth  was  the 
only  day  of  unbroken  rest.  But  Mr.  Ellis's  invention  deprives 
the  soldiers  even  of  this  :  he  converts  that  one  day  of  rest  into 
a  real  day  of  work ;  attributing  to  it  the  labour  of  disencamping, 
a  march  of  many  miles  in  deep  snow,  some  being  rugged 
untracked  ascent  after  descent  had  begun ;  and  at  last  the 
making  a  fresh  encampment  for  the  night.  Was  this  relief 
to  the  weary  ?  Did  this  help  those  who  had  lagged  in  the 
ascent,  to  rejoin  the  quiescent  mass  ? 

Though  Mr.  Ellis's  arrangements  are  utterly  irreconcileable 
with  Polybius,  he  has  the  merit  of  explaining  whereabouts 
his  own  view  is  to  be  found  :  and  I  should  expect  that  a  tra- 
veller might  walk  to  the  spot  on  his  instruction.     He  deals 
with  a  few  miles  of  descent  as  the  Polybian  summit,  to  the 
part  which  overhangs  the  plain  of  St.  Nicholas,  guiding  us 
to  the  view  thus  : — "  On  leaving  the  plateau  of  the  L.  Mont 
'  Cenis  for  La  Grande  Croix,  the  path  turns  sharply  to  the 
'  right,  and  eventually  passes  over  the  hills,  at  a  point  where 
*  there  is  a  depression  in  the  chain.     Turning  to  the  south, 
'  along  the  crest  of  the  heights,  from  this  point,  so  as  to 
'  ascend  out  of  the  hollow  through  which  the  path  runs,  and 
'  thus  arrive  upon  the  long  summit  of  the  ridge,  the  traveller 
'  will  gain  a  prospect  of  Italy  in  the  course  of  some  five 
'  minutes.     The  view  is  better  seen  from  the  southernmost 
^  extremity  of  these  eminences,  a  walk  of  a  few  minutes 
further.     The  part  of  the  hilly  range   from  whence  this 
'  prospect  is  gained,  and  which  lies  to  the  south  of  the  de- 
'  pression  through  which  the  path  runs,  forms  a  ridge  about 
'  half  a  mile  in  length,  without  any  definite  head  rising  above 
'  the  general  level  of  its  summit.     It  presents  a  very  steep 

VOL.  I.  T 


274  Polybiiis  interpreted.  [part  vi. 

"  slope  towards  La  Grande  Croix,  and  terminates,  as  before 
'*  mentioned,  above  the  plain  of  St.  Mcholas,  in  a  very  lofty 
"  precipice.  From  the  crest  of  this  ridge  it  may  be  con- 
"  jectured  that  Hannibal  _  pointed  out  Italy  to  his  army." 
Treatise,  p.   115. 

Thus  instructed,  we  try  to  realize  what  a  capital  view  Mr. 
Ellis  must  have  had,  and  how  much  Hannibal  would  have 
lost  if  he  had  not  wandered  to  it.  Taking  these  indicia  of 
distance  as  affecting  Mr.  Ellis  himself  on  a  walking  tour  in 
summer,  this  ascent  of  the  ridge  would  not  be  serious — ascent 
out  of  the  hollow — some  five  minutes — a  few  minutes  further 
— ridge  of  about  half  a  mile.  The  labour  here  depicted  would 
not  be  distressing  to  him,  although  it  would  require  the 
unpleasing  change  from  descent  to  ascent :  indeed  the  whole 
half  mile  of  ridge  might  not  be  wanted  for  a  tourist,  though 
it  would  for  an  army  :  but  in  either  case,  whatever  the  distance 
may  be,  it  would  have  to  be  retraced  from  the  ridge  to  the 
point  of  depression,  where  the  track  emerged  into  the  route 
for  La  Grande  Croix.  But  we  are  not  estimating  the  excursive 
energies  of  a  tourist,  but  a  superfluous  effort  exacted  from  an 
exhausted  army,  and  said  to  have  been  imposed  for  their 
comfort,  on  the  one  day  when  all  was  rest  and  repose.  The 
severity  of  the  snow  is  told  by  Polybius  :  the  length  of  the 
little  walk  is  told  by  Mr.  Ellis :  the  pleasure  of  the  extra 
viam  we  must  imagine  for  ourselves. 

And  now,  what  was  the  display  of  Italy  that  rewarded  the 
soldiers  when  they  got  to  it  ?  Mr.  Ellis  is  the  relator  as  an 
eye-witness :  and  we  would  readily  receive  his  testimony  on 
its  merits,  if  he  had  plainly  given  it.  He  tells  us  what  the 
Carthaginians  would  have  seen  ;  saying, — "  The  country  seen 
"  would  be  the  district  to  the  east  of  the  Po,  and  the  south 
"  of  the  Tanaro,  where  the  cities  of  Alba  and  Acqui  are 
"  situated.  This  part  of  the  plains  is  intersected  by  several 
ranges  of  hills — one  of  which  may  be  discerned  from  the 


CHAP.  II.]  Suinmits,  which  claim  a  view.  275 

"  point  of  view  on  the  Mont  Cenis,  even  after  the  hazes,  so 
"  prevalent  in  the  plains  of  the  Po  during  a  great  part  of  the 
"  day,  especially  in  summer,  have  effaced  the  prospect  of  the 
"  flat  country.     In  the  extreme  distance  the  chain  of  the 
"  Apennines  closes  the  view,  and  would  have  offered  to  Han- 
"  nibal  the  means  of  indicating  the  position  of  Eome." — P.  116. 
So  much  for  what  the  Carthaginians  would  have  seen.   But 
we  would  rather  know  how  much  Mr.  Ellis  did  see.     On  this 
the  particulars  are  scanty:  he  says, — "It  is  indeed  only  a 
very  small  portion  of  Italy  that  is  descried."     This  is  his 
fact :  a  fact  which  does  not  require  him  to  have  seen  one 
acre  of  what  Hannibal  referred  to  in  his  address,  the  plain  of 
the  Po.     But  further  Mr.  Ellis  gives  us  to  understand,  that  it 
was  such  a  poor  view,  that  the  men  would  not  have  found 
out  that  there  was  one,  if  Hannibal  had  not  told  them,  and 
himself  helped  their  eyes  to  it ;  and  that,  if  it  had  been  per- 
ceptible of  itself,  he  would  not  have  taken  the  trouble  to  make 
a  speech  about  it ;  accordingly  it  is  suggested  that  the  action 
intimated  by  ivheLKVv^evo<;,  was  a  natural  gesture,  necessary 
for  making  a  man  to  see  something ;  for  that,  if  he  could 
have  seen  it  of  himself,  Hannibal  need  not  have  helped  him. 
These  are  his  words :  "  The  existence  of  any  extensive  prospect 
"  does  not  seem  to  be  required  by  the  narrative.     In  fact,  if 
"  we  suppose  the  action,  intimated  by  the  word  ivZeLKvvfievo^, 
"  to  have  been  a  natural,  and  not  merely  an  oratorical  gesture, 
"  we  should  be  led  to  imagine  that  only  a  small  part  of  the 
"  plains  was  visible :  for  to  any  very  large  expanse  it  would 
"  have  been  superfluous  to  direct  attention.     Besides,   any 
"  prospect  of  Italy,  however  limited,  would  have  been  suf- 
"  ficient  fo?  Hannibal's  purpose.     It  would  have  proved  to 
"  the  Carthaginians,  by  visible  demonstration,  that  their  ex- 
"  trication  from  the  Alps  was  at  hand,  that  the  mountains 
''  were  about  to  terminate,  and  that  the  plains  of  Italy  were 
"  almost  gained." — P.  116. 

T  2 


276      -  PolyUus  interpreted.  [part  vi. 

Here  at  last  it  is  admitted,  that  Hannibal's  object  in 
addressing  his  troops  was,  to  demonstrate  to  them  that  their 
extrication  from  the  Alps  was  at  hand.  Polybius  says,  that 
this  was  done  by  words  during  the  second  day  in  camp.  Mr. 
Ellis  does  not  give  that  opportunity,  and  holds  the  general's 
oratory  so  cheap,  that  noniemonstration  short  of  a  view  would 
effect  the  object :  so  on  the  one  day  of  repose  he  first  makes 
them  all  march  many  miles  down  hill :  and  considering  this 
not  to  be  demonstration  enough,  he  turns  them  up  hill  again, 
to  make  them  quite  comfortable  on  the  subject.  I  apprehend 
that  Hannibal  made  his  demonstration  at  the  time,  and  place, 
and  in  the  manner  stated  by  Polybius  :  Mr.  Ellis's  method,  if 
it  had  opened  to  them  a  view  of  the  plain  which  he  shows  it 
did  not,  would  still  have  been  superfluous,  after  their  senses 
had  taught  it  them  by  some  miles  of  descent.  If  anything 
could  then  have  unsettled  their  faith,  it  would  be  the  senseless 
interruption  of  that  descent,  and  carrying  them  up  to  an 
eminence  foreign  from  their  route. 

By  this  process  the  demonstration  would  have  been  im- 
perilled :  if  Hannibal  had  inflicted  this  toil  extraordinary, 
and  given  nothing  better  in  return  than  the  dubious  prospect 
of  Mr.  Ellis,  each  sufferer,  whether  private  or  field-officer, 
would  have  stigmatised,  not  perhaps  without  an  oath,  the 
folly  of  the  proceeding.  But  common  sense  was  not  so  pre- 
carious an  attribute  of  the  Carthaginian  leader,  that  he  should 
impose  a  task,  which  would  have  quenched,  not  enlivened, 
the  nascent  hope  of  emancipation. 

In  the  narrative  thus  shaped,  we  do  not  recognise  the  value 
of  Mr.  Ellis's  improvement,  when,  correcting  the  divisions  of 
march  made  by  Polybius,  he  gives*  this  name  to  his  fifth 
summary,  "  The  circumstances  which  took  place  while  the 
army  remained  on  the  summit  of  the  pass."  (Treatise,  p.  7. 
Introduction.)  The  circumstances  ought  at  least  to  be 
according  to  Polybius  :  and  Mr.  Ellis  has  said,  in  his  own 


CHAP.  II.]  Summits,  lohich  claim  a  view.  277 

abstract  of  events,  p.  50, — "  Hannibal  at  length  gained  the 
"  summit  of  the  pass :  here  he  remained  during  the  greater 
"  part  of  the  ninth  and  all  the  tenth  day ;  waiting  for  stragglers 
"  who  had  been  left  behind,  and  giving  some  repose  to  his 
"  men  after  the  toils  and  dangers  of  the  ascent."  But  when 
Mr.  Ellis's  circumstances  are  detailed,  they  make  his  contra- 
diction of  the  historian  most  glaring.  Polybius  does  make 
Hannibal  encamp  on  the  summit  on  the  ninth,  and  remain 
all  the  tenth,  and  says  that  the  stragglers  did  come  up.  Mr. 
Ellis  does  not.  He  encamps  on  the  ninth,  but  waits  no  part 
of  the  tenth :  allows  no  time  for  those  who  were  left  behind  : 
pities  "the  languor  of  inaction,"  and  gives  no  repose  to  the 
men. 


THE    ALPS    OF    HANNIBAL. 
PART  VII. 

THE  MOUNTAIN  MAECH.     DESCENT. 


CHAPTER  I. 

Descent  from  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  The  disaster  ofe  th  first 
day  requires  particular  examination  of  circumstances  told. 
The  same  phenomena  still  occur  in  the  ravine  heloiv  La 
Tuile.  Arguments  on  the  Descent  from  the  Genis.  Larauza. 
Writer  in  '' BlackiuoocVs Magazine''  June,  1845.     Mr.  Ellis. 

By  the  recent  snow,  wliicli  concealed  the  irregularities  of 
the  surface  of  the  ground,  and  by  the  greater  steepness  of  the 
Alps  on  the  Italian  side,  there  were  dangers  attending  the 
progress  in  descent,  which  had  not  belonged  to  the  ascent. 
The  great  peril  was,  when  they  came  to  a  part  of  the  track 
where  the  path  lay  along  a  steep  mountain-side,  but  had  then 
been  quite  broken  away  for  nearly  a  stadium  and  a  half,  so 
that  they  could  proceed  upon  it  no  further,  and  must  have 
had  to  turn  back.  Hannibal  made  an  attempt  to  conduct  the 
army  so  as  to  get  round  the  impracticable  part  of  the  track, 
meaning  to  regain  it  where  it  was  sound  again.  The  attempt 
was  unsuccessful ;  and  it  became  necessary  to  encamp,  and  to 
set  to  work  at  once  for  making  the  usual  path  passable  :  and 
this  was  accomplished.  The  account  of  this  calamity  is 
given  in  detail,  and  affords  the  hope  that  we  may  be  able  to 


280  Polyhins  interpreted.  [part  vii. 

identify  the  scene  of  obstruction :  for  the  description  shows 
a  local  character,  likely  to  be  permanent,  and  still  capable  of 
recognition.  Let  us,  then,  with  this  view,  examine  the  early 
descent  from  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  that  we  may  be  able  to 
compare  its  characteristics  with  the  incidents  described  in  the 
narrative. 


Descent  from  the  Little  St.  Bernard. 

The  descent  from  the  summit  plain  of  this  mountain  is  in 
a  direction  to  the  north-east.  After  about  three  miles  or 
more  of  descent,  the  road  crosses  a  torrent,  which  flows  from 
left  to  right,  being  derived  from  many  mountain  streams,  the 
largest  that  which  has  come  from  the  little  lake  which  was 
mentioned  as  below  the  summit.  This  torrent,  after  you  have 
crossed  it,  receives  one  which  has  accompanied  your  descent 
on  the  right  hand,  and  presently  falls  into  a  larger  stream, 
which  has  come  from  the  glacier  of  the  Euitor.  This  river  I 
take  to  be  rightly  called  the  Baltea,  throughout  its  course  to 
Pre  St.  Didier  :  there  it  falls  into  the  Doire,  which  is  thence 
called  Doria  Baltea.  The  stream  from  the  Little  St.  Bernard, 
which  you  crossed  at  a  place  called  Pont  Serrant,  was  running 
in  a  very  deep  hollow.  Passing  then  over  a  small  plain,  with 
the  ground  swelling  on  your  left  hand  towards  the  Cramont 
range,  you  come  to  the  village  of  La  Tuile,  which  seems  to 
stand  on  both  sides  of  the  Baltea.  At  La  Tuile  the  great 
steepness  of  the  descent  ends,  and  cultivation  and  pine 
forests  soon  begin.  Not  far  onwards  you  come  to  the  spot 
where  the  march  of  the  Carthaginians,  there  carried  along  the 
mountain-side  on  the  left  bank,  was  arrested  by  failure  of  the 
path ;  and  this  would  compel  those  who  had  advanced  so  far 
to  retrace  their  steps  for  some  way,  before  they  could  turn 
down  to  the  torrent  along  which  Polybius  intends  that  they 
had  the  hope  to  proceed. 


CHAP,  I.]      Descent.   L.  St.  Bernard.    Cenis.   L.  Cenis.  281 

Below  the  part  where  the  path  was  broken  away,  the  river 
runs  in  a  deep  narrow  chasm,  mountain  rising  on  either  side. 
The  present  road  onward  from  La  Tuile  was  made  about 
eighty  years  ago :  it  never  rises  to  the  mountain-side  on  the 
left  bank,  but  proceeds  close  along  the  river  till  it  crosses  the 
stream  by  a  bridge,  and  is  then  carried  up  high  along  a  rocky 
brow  on  the  right  bank,  as  related  by  De  Saussure,  who 
travelled  it  in  1792.  At  the  time  of  General  Melville's  visit 
in  1775,  the  old  track  was  still  in  use,  keeping  the  left  bank, 
and  not  crossing  the  Baltea.  That  old  path  was  to  the  last 
liable  to  be  broken  away  and  destroyed  by  massive  volumes 
of  snow  sweeping  down  from  the  heights.  Now,  as  before,  the 
avalanches  are,  in  some  years,  arrested  at  the  bottom  of  the 
ravine,  and  the  snow  sometimes  remains  there  through  a 
whole  season,  covering  the  bed  of  the  torrent. 

The  tale  as  told  of  the  labours  of  repair  seems  to  indicate 
sucli  a  path :  and  one  would  say  that,  for  the  passage  of  the 
Carthaginian  armament,  not  only  was  reparation  required, 
but  some  improvement  on  what  the  path  had  been  before. 
A  road  in  such  a  place  may  be  made  by  cutting  a  continued 
notch  in  the  mountain  side :  the  horizontal  cutting  gives 
a  floor :  the  perpendicular  cutting  gives  a  wall.*  If  you 
make  a  path  a  yard  wide,  and  then  increase  it  to  two  yards, 
the  labour  of  the  second  yard  will  greatly  exceed  that  of  the 
first,  from  the  much  greater  height  of  the  wall,  and  quantity 
of  materials  to  be  removed  :  and,  if  you  further  enlarge  it 
to  a  width  of  three  yards,  the  third  yard  will  claim  far  more 
labour  than  the  second.     Accordingly  we  read  that  a  horse- 

*  The  method  stated  by  Mr.  Ellis  is  not  of  this  rude  kind  :  he 
supposes  that  the  natural  slope  was  not  broken  into ;  but  that  the 
Carthaginians  built  up  terraces  outside  of  it  from  below ;  and  he 
says  that  this  is  stni  the  mode  of  construction  in  the  Alps  :  he  saw 
fragments  of  an  old  terrace-wall  near  Novalese,  "  such  as  Hannibal 
must  have  raised."     Treatise,  pp.  56  and  121. 


"282  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  vii. 

path  was  soon  accomplished  :  but  mucli  labour  was  required 
to  make  it  capable  of  an  elephant.  If  indeed  in  the  218 
B.C.  the  mountain-path  in  question  had  received  no  parti- 
cular injury  to  make  it  worse  than  usual,  some  improvement 
of  it  might  still  have  been  required  for  the  passage  of  these 
extraordinary  visitors.  It  was  an  exigency  never  known 
before  on  these  mountains. 

Those  who  were  already  in  the  mountain-side  path,  must 
have  returned  to  the  sloping  plain  where  it  began,  and  where 
presently  the  recampment  was  made.  From  this  ground  the 
men  and  beasts  were  sent  at  first  upon  the  masses  of  snow 
which  lay  choking  up  the  ravine  itself.  Here  was  the  accu- 
mulation of  solid  snow  which  had  survived  from  the  pre- 
vious season,  now  covered  with  snow  lately  fallen.  Hannibal 
hoped  that  by  this  course  the  army  might  be  able  to  get 
forward  for  the  short  distance  to  which  the  injury  of  the 
regular  path  extended.  This  hope  failed  in  the  way  which 
Polybius  explains.  The  Oxford  Dissertation  (p.  112)  finds 
a  difficulty  in  understanding  what  were  the  perplexities 
caused  by  the  old  snow,  saying, — "  It  does  not  appear  quite 
"  certain  to  which  of  the  roads  the  difficulties  occasioned  by 
"  the  new  snow  falling  upon  the  old  are  to  be  referred : " 
and  it  is  suggested  as  possible,  that  Hannibal  may  have 
endeavoured  to  turn  the  ravine  altogether,  by  some  road 
which  runs  at  the  back  of  the  rocks  on  the  right  bank,  and 
after  crossing  a  chain  of  mountains,  falls  into  a  lower  part 
of  the  valley  of  Aosta,  opposite  to  Merges,  below  Pr^  St. 
Didier.  '  Nothing  in  the  history  corresponds  with  such  a 
notion :  and  I  can  see  no  difficulty  in  the  text  which  should 
provoke  it.  The  accustomed  track  is  represented  as  imprac- 
ticable ;  it  was  broken  away,  and  there  could  be  no  width 
to  tread  upon :  hence  it  was  impassable.  The  calamitous 
details  are  given  in  explanation  of  the  failure  to  circumvent 
that  broken  part.     After  stating  the  great  injury  which  the 


CHAP.  I.]      Descent.   L.  St.  Bernard.    Cenis.   L.  Genis.  283 

road  had  received,  Polybius  says  that  Hannibal  attempted 
"  to  go  round  the  bad  places ; "  evidently  limiting  the  contem- 
plated deviation  to  the  necessity  of  it;  that  is,  that  they 
should  avoid  the  stadium  and  a  half  to  which  extent  the 
path  was  destroyed,  and  get  into  it  again  as  soon  as  they 
could  where  it  was  not  destroyed.  The  only  detour  which 
suits  these  ideas  and  makes  the  incidents  intelligible,  would 
be  by  the  bottom  of  the  ravine  :  and  here  only  would  be  the 
peculiar  phenomenon  which  the  narrative  exhibits  ;  the  under 
floor  of  old  snow,  with  its  fatal  slipperiness  for  the  lighter 
weight,  and  its  tenacity  for  the  heavier.  Half  an  hour  of 
experiment  or  less  must  have  proved  the  hopelessness  of  the 
resource. 

It  is  now  more  than  70  years  since  a  new  cornice  road  was 
made  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  chasm.  But  it  is  interesting 
to  know  that  he  to  whom  we  owe  the  development  of  truth 
on  the  subject  of  our  inquiry,  crossed  this  mountain  a  few 
years  earlier,  and  himself  trod  in  the  footsteps  of  Hannibal 
on  that  perilous  mountain  side.  M.  De  Luc  (p.  200),  having 
before  him  the  notes  of  General  Melville,  writes  thus : — 
"  Apr^s  que  le  General  Melville  eut  pass6  le  village  de  la 
"  Tuile,  son  guide  lui  dit :  A  present  nous  approchons  d'un 
"  endroit  tr^  mauvais,  qui  nous  donne  beaucoup  de  peine 
"  pour  le  reparer  toutes  les  annees,  parcequ'il  est  emporte  au 
"  prin temps  par  des  avalanches  de  neige. — Lorsque  le  General 
"  Melville  traversa  cette  montagne  en  1775,  le  chemin  etoit 
'^  fait  de  troncs  de  sapin  places  deux  k  deux,  suivant  leur 
"  longueur,  et  applanis  k  la  surface  pour  que  le  pied  put 
"  reposer  de  plat.  Ce  fut  sur  ces  troncs  d'arbre  que  le 
"  general,  son  domestique  et  ses  mulcts  furent  obliges  de 
"  passer.  Dans  cet  endroit  le  chemin  suivoit  avec  une  peute 
"  douce  le  cote  escarpe  d'une  montagne,  compose  de  rochers 
"  desunis  et  pouvant  s'^bouler  facilement." 

Not  long  after  this  journey  of  Gen.  Melville,  the  new  road 


28-4  PolyUus  interpreted.  [part  vit. 

was  made  by  the  Sardinian  Government.  De  Sanssure  went 
over  these  Alps  on  8tli  August,  1792,  and  states  that,  having 
passed  the  village  La  Tuile,  he  presently  crossed  to  the  other 
side  of  the  torrent,  which  he  also  calls  by  the  name  La  Tuile. 
"  A  dix  minutes  de  la  Tuile,  on  passe  ce  torrent,  et  on  vient 
"  cotoyer  le  pied  d'une  montagne  dont  les  conches  coupees  h. 
"  pie  sont  d'une  belle  calcaire  grenue,  sou  vent  recouverte  de 
"  mica.  Le  chemin  est  bon  et  assez  large,  mais  sur  une 
"  corniche  tr^s  elevee  au-dessus  de  la  Tuile.  On  voit  la,  sous 
"  ses  pieds,  des  amas  de  neige  qui  se  sont  conserves  depuis 
"  rhiver,  et  qui  forment  des  ponts  sur  ce  torrent."  iv. 
s.  2,232. 

M.  De  Luc  (p.  201)  quotes  M.  Eoche,  author  of  "  Notices 
historiques  sur  les  Centrons,"  who  visited  this  spot  about  two 
years  before  De  Saussure,  and  reports  that  the  snow  of  the 
previous  season  was  lying  in  mass,  coming  nearly  up  to  the 
level  of  the  road.  M.  De  Luc  adds  in  his  2d  edition  that  a 
friend  of  his  own,  passing  this  mountain  in  May  1822,  saw 
this  ravine  almost  filled  up  with  snow,  to  a  depth,  as  he 
estimated,  of  sixty  feet,  the  torrent  running  beneath  it. 

Mr.  Brockedon  was  on  the  same  spot  at  the  end  of  August, 
1826 ;  and  found  a  large  mass  of  snow  in  the  ravine. 
Alluding  to  the  incident  of  the  baggage  cattle  becoming 
wedged  in,  he  gives  his  own  ideas  thus  : — "  The  water  had 
"  submelted  the  snow,  and,  as  the  feet  found  no  support,  the 
"  beasts  could  not  extricate  themselves."     Passes  of  Alps,  i.  ii. 

The  authors  of  the  Oxford  Dissertation,  after  a  second  study 
of  these  scenes,  make  the  following  statement,  p.  109  : — "  After 
"  La  Tuile,  the  modem  road  crosses  from  the  left  to  the  right 
"  bank  of  the  river,  and  recrosses  it  about  three  miles  lower 
"  down.  The  old  road  remained  constantly  on  the  left  bank, 
"  and  was  obliged  to  be  abandoned  in  consequence  of  the 
"  numerous  avalanches,  which  always  fall  from  a  pointed  rock 
"  that  overhangs  it,  and  which  in  the  winter  frequently  carried 


CHAP.  I.]      Descent   L.  St.  Bernard.    Cenis.   L.  Cenis.  285 

"  it  away.     It  is  very  remarkable,  that  that  part  of  the  old 

"  road  which  was  most  exposed  to  these  accidents  is  about 

"  300  yards  in  length,  a  distance  agreeing  almost  exactly  with 

"  the  stadium  and  a  half  of  Polybius ;  and  it  appears  that, 

"  from  the  very  nature  of  the  ground,  it  must  always  have 

*'  been  so  exposed  :  for  it  is  situated  at  the  bend  of  the  river, 

"  and  immediately  under  one  of  the  highest  points  of  the 

"  Cramont  and  that  chain  of  mountains  which  forms  the 

"  south-east  side  of  the  Allee  Blanche.    Erom  this  point  the 

"  ground  slopes  rapidly  down  to  the  river  in  a  concave  or 

"  funnel-shaped  direction,  the  mouth  of  the  funnel  ending  at 

"  the  river,  so  that  an  avalanche  from  the  top  would  be 

"  necessarily  confined  within  the   limits   of  the  bend,  and 

"  within  the  space  of  300  yards.     It  appears,  from  the  i-eports 

"  of  the  inhabitants,  that  this  passage  is  peculiarly  subject  to 

"  avalanches  :  and  it  happens  also  that,  owing  to  the  narrow- 

"  ness  of  the  bed  of  the  river  in  this  spot,  and  the  precipitous 

"  nature  of  the  rocks  on  both  sides  of  it,  the  snow  which  is 

*'  brought  down  in  this  manner  from  the  Cramont,  and  which 

"  falls  in  immense  masses  into  it,  remains  sometimes  un- 

"  melted  during  the  whole  of  the  summer,  and  forms  a  natural 

"  bridge  over  the  torrent  for  a  considerable  distance.     Our 

"  guide  told  us  that  this  had  happened  in  1816,  at  which 

*'  time  the  snow  formed  a  complete  bridge  over  the  river. 

"The  snow  remained  unmelted  also  in  1823.     I  took  great 

"  pains   to  ascertain  whether  the   snow  ever  remained  un- 

"  melted  the  whole  year  round  in  any  other  part  of  the  road, 

"  and  I  was  assured  that  such  an  event  never  took  place  ; 

"  nor  would  it  occur  in  this  spot,  were  it  not  entirely  sheltered 

"  from  the  sun  by  the  extreme  narrowness  of  the  ravine  and 

"  the  great  height  of  the  mountains  on  both  sides." 

In  these  reports  of  safe  witnesses  we  have  plain  evidence 
on  which  to  declare  the  conformity  of  this  "  mauvais  pas  "  with 
the  "  mauvais  pas  "  of  Polybius.     The  frequent  visitation  of  it 


286  Polyhms  i7ite7yreted.  [paet  vii. 

by  avalanches  is  proved  as  a  fact.     It  is  proved  that  they 
continue  to  sweep  smooth  that  mountain  side ;  and  that  the 
masses   of   snow   deposited    below   often   remain    unmelted 
through  the  following  season,   as  had  the   snow  which  he 
describes.     In  exhibiting  this  phenomenon  as  it  offered  itself 
in  the  progress  of  Hannibal,  Polybius  speaks  of  it  as  proper 
and  extraordinary ;  importing,  that  the  place  was  from  natural 
causes  liable  to  the  incident,  and  that  this  had  now  befallen  it 
in  an  unusual  degree.     And  the  evidence  of  our  own  times, 
which  has  been  adduced,  strikingly  shows  how  the  avalanche, 
annihilating  any  artificial  track  in  its   downward  rush,  is 
received  into  the   chasm  beneath,   and  often  perseveres  to 
occupy  it  in  defiance  of  a  summer's  warmth.     These  proofs  of 
identity  receive  satisfactory  confirmation,  when  we  see  that 
the  distance  of  the  spot  from  the  edge  of  the  plain  of  the 
Little  St.  Bernard  corresponds  with  the  distance  that  is  to  be 
inferred  from  the  narrative  ;  and  that  the  extent  which  Poly- 
bius ascribes  to  the  dilapidation  of  the  road  agrees  with  the 
usual  scope  of  the  mischief  as  known  at  this  day.     It  may 
well  be  believed  that,  after  a  total  disuse  of  the  track  for 
70  years,  that  mountain  side  is  now  worn  so  smooth  as  not  to 
suggest  that  it  can  ever  have  afforded  a  path  at  all. 

Descent  from  the  Mont  Cenis.     Larcmza. 

M.  Larauza  cites  with  some  approbation  a  notion  of  Le- 
tronne,  which  is  this  :  that  the  old  snow  may  not  have  been 
much  older  than  the  new  snow ;  that  snow  usually  begins 
to  fall  at  the  end  of  September  ;  that  on  this  occasion  it  was 
probably  earlier ;  and  that  we  may  presume  the  slippery 
under-surface  to  have  been  six  weeks  old  when  Hannibal 
passed,  which  was  about  the  26th  October,  and  to  have 
acquired  a  consistency ;  inasmuch  as  the  early  snow  of 
autumn  is  the  most  ready  to  freeze.     His  conclusion  is  this  : 


CHAP.  I.]      Descent.   L.St.  Bernard.    Cents.    L.Cenis.  287 

"  Lorsque  cette  neige  dej^  ancienne  eut  6t^  recouverte  par 
"  de  la  neige  toute  recente,  ainsi  que  le  dit  Polybe,  les  Car- 
"  thaginois  parent  la  prendre  pour  de  la  vieille  neige,  rest^e 
"1^  depuis  I'annee  pr^cedente." — Journal  des  Savans,  Dec. 
1819.  Larauza,  however,  diffident  of  the  value  of  this  con- 
jecture, finds  for  himself  another  excuse  in  the  difficulty  of 
identifying  the  place.  He  thinks  that,  even  if  the  Cartha- 
ginians were  right  in  their  belief  of  the  last  winter's  snow, 
we  cannot  reasonably  expect  evidence  for  discovering  the 
place  of  it  now  :  he  says  that,  according  to  Polybius,  "  c'^tait 
"  un  phdnomene  accidentel,  singulier,  extraordinaire,  et  non 
"  pas  propre  de  ces  montagnes  :  ce  n'etait  pas  un  fait  habituel 
"et  caracteristique  du  lieu."  Now  the  words  of  Polybius 
are,  to  <yap  avfi/Baivov  iBioy  rjv  kuI  TraprpCka^ixevov :  peculiar 
to  the  place,  and  now  to  an  unusual  degree :  Ihiov  fully 
imports  that  which  M.  Larauza  says  it  does  not — "  caracter- 
istique et  propre ; "  it  does  not  mean  "  accidentel"  or  "  singulier : " 
and  irapTjWay/jbevov  means  "  more  than  usual,"  an  idea  very 
different  from  "accidentel."  It  is  reasonable  then  to  inquire 
whether  such  incident  of  a  place  is  confirmed  by  experience 
in  the  probable  part  of  any  suggested  route.  Experience 
does  not  testify  masses  of  superannuated  snow  choking  up  the 
trough  of  a  defile  and  bridging  it  from  one  side  to  the  other, 
in  the  descent  from  the  Cenis.  Experience  does  testify  this 
phenomenon  in  the  descent  from  the  Little  St.  Bernard. 

M.  Larauza  (p.  140)  supposes  that  Hannibal,  having  in 
his  descent  reached  the  plain  of  S.  Mcolas,  followed  the 
old  route,  now  abandoned,  which  attended  the  left  bank  of 
the  Cenise  by  La  Eerriere  and  La  Novalese  :  he  himself 
went  up,  as  we  have  seen,  by  the  present  post-road  formed 
by  Napoleon,  through  Bard,  Molaret,  and  S.  Martin:  the 
old  line  he  did  not  explore.  The  higher  part  of  it  between 
that  plain  and  La  Eerriere  is  liable  to  the  visitation  of  violent 
avalanches ;   so  much  so  that,  more  than  a  century  ago,  a 


288  PolyUus  interpreted.  [part  vii. 

covered  way  was  constructed  by  tlie  Sardinian  government 
for  the  safety  of  travellers  on  the  right  bank  of  the  stream, 
built  with  solid  masonry,  and  reaching  for  some  distance 
along  the  steep  mountain  side.  When  this  was  made,  it 
superseded  the  prior  track,  which  had  been  on  the  left  bank. 
De  Saussure,  who  was  there  in  1780,  says,  after  passing  the 
plain  of  S.  Nicolas  and  before  coming  to  La  Femk^e, — "  On 
"laisse  k  droite  une  grande  gallerie,  couverte  d'une  forte 
"  et  solide  votite :  cette  gallerie  a  environ  300  pieds  de 
*' longueur  sur  15  de  largeur:  on  I'a  construite  pour  servir 
"  de  passage  aux  voyageurs,  lorsque  le  chemin  comble  par 
"les  avalanches  devient  impratic</ble."  iii.  s.  1250.  The 
same  account  is  given  by  Alb.  Beaumont :  and  Mr.  Brockedon 
describes  the  ruins  of  that  once  useful  work,  which  was 
blown  up  on  the  completion  of  the  new  road  by  Napoleon. 

M.  Larauza,  fancying  that  these  facts  tend  to  identify  the 
Carthaginian  track,  exclaims  :  "  Les  avalanches,  si  communes 
"  et  si  considerables  en  cet  endroit,  cette  longue  voute  con- 
"struite  pour  en  garantir,  n'expliquent-eUes  pas  cet  eboule- 
"ment  de  terres  qui  avait  interrompu  le  passage?"  The 
answer  is,  that  this  covered  way  is  very  good  evidence  of 
the  frequency  and  violence  of  avalanches ;  but  that  it  is  no 
evidence  of  the  fact  which  distinguishes  the  subject  of  our 
inquiry.  Any  spot  of  ground  may  be  subject  to  avalanches, 
if  the  shape  of  the  ground  above  it  is  such  as  to  conduct 
volumes  of  snow  towards  it.  But  a  place  the  most  subject 
to  be  so  visited,  need  not  be  subject  to  an  endurance  of  the 
snow  throughout  the  year  :  this  will  depend  upon  aspect  and 
exposure  to  the  sun's  influence.  The  "voute"  makes  us  believe 
in  the  avalanche  against  which  it  was  to  give  protection : 
it  does  not  make  us  believe,  that  the  snowy  masses  continued 
to  defy  the  ordinary  action  of  a  summer's  warmth. 

One  who  confidently  asserts,  in  the  descent  from  the  Cenis 
or  any  other  pass,  the  scene  of  so  great  calamity  to  the  Car- 


CHAP.  I.]      Descent.   L.  St.  Bernard.    Cents.   L  Cenis.  289 

thaginian  army,  is  not  entitled  to  be  silent  on  such  a  topic  as 
tliis.     Although  the  mass  of  snow  which  Hannibal  found  in 
the  chasm  was  not  a  thing  of  regular  occurrence,  still  it  was 
likely  to  be  repeated :   the   same   promoting   causes  would 
tend  to  the  same  result.     A  hollow  funnel-shaped  slope, in 
the  mountain-side,  which  confined  within  particular  limits 
the  downward  rush  of  a  great  mass  of  snow  in  one  year, 
would  operate  in  the  same  way  if  an  unusual  rush  should 
come  in  another  year ;  and  the  deep  chasm  below,  screening 
the  mass  from  melting  influences,  would  have  the  same  pre- 
serving effect.     Such  disposing  causes,  existing  in  the  per- 
manent features  of  nature,  together  with  the  effects  of  those 
causes,  are  things  capable  of  evidence ;  and  in  the  route  of 
the   Little   St.  Bernard  that   evidence  has  been  supplied . 
masses   of  the  last  year's   snow,  occupying  the  chasm  and 
concealing  the  torrent  that  drains  beneath,  are  testified  for 
the  years  1792,  1816,  1823,  and  1826,  by  the  distinguished 
travellers  to  whom  I  have  referred,  while  such  evidence  is 
utterly  wanting  between  the  plain   of  St.  Nicholas  and  La 
Novalese.     The  Swedish  traveller,  who  favoured  the  hypo- 
thesis of  the  Cenis,  is  silent  upon  such  phenomena.     Both 
De  Saussure  and  Albanis  Beaumont  seem  to  have  travelled 
by  the  old  Novalese   road,  and  would  have   noted   such  a 
circumstance  had    they  become    acquainted   with    it.      M. 
Larauza  himself,  though  eager  and  curious,  did  not  explore 
the  ancient  track,  nor  does  he  report  any  knowledge  gained 
on  this  subject :  he  listens  to  the  tales  of  the  gens  du  pays  as 
he  went  along  the  new  road,  and  retails  the  nonsense  which 
they  amused  him  with,  about  Hannibal  cutting  down  trees 
"  pour  combler  la  vallee."     Those  natives,  if  they  could  be 
primed  by  a  few  conversations  about  old  snow  under  new 
snow,  would  soon  establish  the  very  spot  on  either  road,  and 
explain  it  to  the  next  comer. 

Neither  Letronne  nor  Larauza  represent  Hannibal  trying  to 
VOL.  I.  u 


290  Polyhius  intevpreted.  [part  VII. 

circumvent  the  "  mauvais  pas  "  by  carrying  man  and  beast 
higher  up  the  mountain ;  they  saw,  at  least,  that  the  old 
snow  was  "  au  fond  de  la  gorge."  One  invents  for  the  Car- 
thaginians a  blunder  on  the  age  of  the  snow,  and  the  other 
fails  in  his  translation  of  the  history ;  but  there  is  nothing 
extraordinary  in  these  casualties  of  criticism.  Our  English 
critics  are  more  adventurous. 

Descent  from  the  Cents.     Writer  in  "  Blackiuood'"'  Jnne,  1845. 

This  writer  has  already  been  referred  to,  as  having  dis- 
covered the  XevKOTrerpov  on  the  summit  of  the  Cenis,  and 
sketched  the  "View  of  Italy"  from  the  southern  front  of 
the  summit.  On  the  ''  mauvais  pas  "  which  embarrassed  the 
descent  he  thus  expresses  himself,  p.  758  : — *'  The  steep  and 
"  rocky  declivity,  by  which  the  old  road  formerly  descended 
"  to  the  valley  of  Susa,  corresponds  perfectly  to  the  famous 
"  places  mentioned  both  by  Livy  and  Polybius,  where  the 
"  path  had  been  torn  away  by  a  recent  avalanche.  This 
"  place  in  Mont  Cenis  is  immediately  below  the  summit  of 
"  the  pass,  and  may  now  be  seen  furrowed  by  a  roaring 
"  torrent,  amidst  dark  ledges  of  rock.  The  corresponding 
''  chasm  on  the  southern  side  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard  is 
"  below  the  reach  of  avalanches."  He  then  supplies  this 
version  of  the  Polybian  narrative  : — "  The  way  on  every  side 
"  was  utterly  impassable,  through  an  accident  of  a  peculiar 
"  kind,  which  is  peculiar  to  the  Alps.  The  snows  of  the 
"  former  years,  having  remained  unmelted  upon  the  mountains, 
"  were  now  covered  over  by  that  which  had  fallen  in  the 
"  present  autumn,  and,  when  the  soldiers'  feet  went  through 
*'  the  latter,  they  fell  and  slid  down  with  great  violence. 
"  This  shows  the  place  was  within  the  circle  of  perpetual 
"  snow,  whereas  that  on  the  Little  St.  Bernard  is  much  below 

it,  and  far  beneath  any  avalanches."     June,  1845.     P.  758. 

This  is  not  a  happy  edition   of  Polybius.    The  history. 


CHAP.  I.]      Descent.   L.  St.  Bernard,    Cents.   L.  Cents.  291 

speaking  only  of  the  way  by  which  Hannibal  tried  to  get 
round  the  broken  path,  says  of  the  snow,  tuvttjv  aBvvarov 
7rotov(T7}<;  T7)v  TTopelav:  the  translator  writes,  "the  way  on 
every  side  was  impassable."  In  the  history,  the  circumstance 
noted  as  the  cause  was  peculiar,  'ISlov,  to  the  way  which 
Hannibal  attempted  :  in  the  translation  it  is  "  peculiar  to  the 
Alps."  In  the  history,  it  is  peculiar  to  the  one  particular 
place,  because  of  the  fresh  snow  lying  there  upon  the  snow 
of  a  former  season;  the  translation  changes  a  particular 
thing  into  a  general  one,  telling  us,  that  the  snows  of  the 
former  years  had  remained  unmelted  upon  the  mountains. 

After  all,  one  would  expect  that  the  sinister  incident,  if 
applied  to  Alps  generally,  might  belong  to  the  Little  St. 
Bernard  as  a  part  of  the  Alps,  especially  as  the  elevation  of 
that  mountain  is  75  toises  higher  above  the  sea  than  that  of 
Mont  Cenis.  But  the  author  has  his  contrivances  for  raising 
one  and  depressing  the  other :  on  his  "  famous  place  by 
"  which  the  old  road  descended  to  Susa,  and  where  the  path 
"  had  been  torn  away  by  a  recent  avalanche,"  he  reports  that 
it  is  "  immediately  below  the  summit  of  the  pass,"  and 
"within  the  circle  of  perpetual  snow;"  while  our  corre- 
sponding chasm,  the  airoppco^  at  La  Tuile,  is  pronounced  to 
be  "  much  below  that  circle,  and  far  beneath  any  avalanches.'* 
It  is  indeed  below  that  circle :  his  famous  place  also  is  and 
was  below  it.  But  it  is  not  a  consequence  of  that  position, 
that  it  should  be  exempt  from  avalanches.  Happy  would 
it  be  for  the  mountaineer,  if  he  could  reckon  on  such  security; 
his  cattle  and  his  crops  live  not  above  the  snow-line ;  but  he 
has  to  witness  and  to  deplore  the  destroying  avalanche. 

Descent  from  the  Little  Mont  Cenis.     Mr.  Ellis. 

We  rejoin  Mr.  Ellis  :  who,  as  we  may  remember,  having 
(p.  50)  brought  Hannibal  to  the  summit  on  the  ninth  day, 
and  encamped  him  there  to  remain  the  rest  of  that  day  and 

u2 


292  PolijUm  interpreted.  [PAiiT  VII. 

all  the  tenth,  forgot  Ids  engagement,  and  turned  tlie  tenth  into 
a  day  of  hard  work  instead  of  repose.  We  proceed  through 
two  more  summaries  :  and  find  Mr.  Ellis  performing  the  task 
of  exploring  the  old  line  of  descent  by  the  course  of  the 
Cenise  torrent  through  I^a  Ferri^re  and  La  Novalese  to  Susa. 
He  describes  the  track  on  the  left  bank  of  that  torrent,  which 
was  abandoned  a  century  ago,  when  a  new  mule-road  with 
protecting  masonry  was  constructed  on  the  right  bank  under 
Emmanuel  III.  This,  too,  is  now  obsolete :  the  traveller  to 
Susa  uses  only  the  safer  road,  through  Bard,  Molaret,  St. 
Martin  and  Jaillon,  which  diverges  from  the  old  one  in  the 
plain  of  St.  Nicholas,  below  La  Grande  Croix.  In  the  old 
track  Mr.  Ellis  professes  to  have  ascertained  by  inspection  the 
very  scene  of  Hannibal's  disaster,  and  to  have  found  the 
place  where  the  path  was  broken  away  from  the  precipitous 
mountain  side,  on  the  north  of  the  hollow  that  holds  the 
river  about  a  mile  below  La  Ferriere. 

The  calamity  of  the  path,  which  all  understand  to  have 
been  along  a  steep  mountain-side,  and  the  rupture  of  it  which 
arrested  the  march,  present  the  same  topics  to  all  inquirers. 
All  must  try  to  explain  the  attempt  made  to  circumvent  the 
part  which,  for  a  stadium  and  a  half,  had  become  impassable ; 
and  to  say  where  the  snow  of  a  former  season  was  still 
remaining ;  and  to  understand  the  causes  which  prevented 
the  army  from  proceeding  on  the  surface  of  it ;  and  whether 
the  attempt  at  circuit  was  made  by  first  moving  in  one 
direction  or  another  from  the  point  where  those  in  advance 
were  brought  to  a  standstill.  All  know  too  that,  in  this 
inquiry,  a  question  has  been  made  on  change  of  climate.  Mr. 
Ellis  gives  a  portrait  or  plan  of  the  scene^  to  aid  us  in  under- 
standing the  movements  as  he  apprehends  them. 

The  words  which  most  claim  explanation  are,  irpcorov 
eTre^dXero  irepieXOelv  Ta9  ^va^^^copia^.  What  was  this  ex- 
periment ?     How  did  they  get  to  the  place  of  it  from  where 


CHAP.  I.]      Descent.   L.  St.  Bernard.    Cents.    L.  Oenis. 


293 


the  rupture  of  the  i^atli  had  arrested  their  progress?  And, 
when  their  experiment  failed,  how  did  they  get  from  it  to  the 
place  of  encampment  ?  for  the  encampment  was  made  before 
they  set  about  the  repairs.  I  have  supposed,  that  they  first 
retreated  to  the  open  ground  from  which  the  mountain-side 
path  had  begun ;  and  that  they  then  tried  to  pass  along  the 
trough  of  the  torrent  in  which  the  old  snow  was  found  to  lie  ; 
and  that,  failing  in  this,  they  turned  back  to  the  open  rising 
ground,  made  their  encampment,  and  issued  from  thence  to 
the  work  of  repair. 

Mr.  Ellis  discusses  the  circumstances  of  the  airoppw^,  when 
he  is  explaining  Polybius  in  order  to  deduce  conditions  of 
congruity,  and  thus  introduces  us  to  the  scene,  p.  59  :  "  When- 
'  ever  a  man,  descending  a  mountain  where  there  is  no  track, 
*  finds  his  progress  arrested  by  arriving  at  the  edge  of  a  range 
'  of  precipices,  he  naturally  creeps  along  their  summit,  till 
'  he*  finds  a  gully  breaking  through  them  from  above,  and 
'  affording  him  a  tolerably  safe  passage  down  to  their  feet. 
'  A  course  of  this  nature  would  not  improbably  be  that  adopted 
'  by  Hannibal :  although  it  must,  in  his  case,  have  been  of 
'  an  easier  kind  than  is  usual,  as  he  would  never  have  at- 
'  tempted  to  bring  his  whole  army — men,  animals,  and  baggage 
'  — down  by  such  a  line  as  might  be  taken  by  an  unen- 
'  cumbered  traveller.  When  Hannibal's  attempt  to  make  a 
'  circuit  was  frustrated,  and  he  found  himself  obliged  to  halt 
'  and  repair  the  broken  path,  he  is  said  to  have  encamped 
'  irepl  TTjv  pax^v — ^back  of  a  ridge — '  dorsum  montis.' " 

Mr.  Ellis  discusses  the  same  circumstance,  when  he  is 
accommodating  his  theory  to  his  conditions  from  pp.119  to  128 
of  the  Treatise.  In  order  to  give  us  his  views  relating  to  the 
ruptured  path,  he  seems  to  have  placed  himself  on  the  right 
bank  of  the  Cenise,  and  taken  a  sketch  which,  being  engraved, 
offers  an  elevation  of  the  whole  mountain-side  that  was  facing 
him,  and  which  includes  more  than  the  extent  of  the  stadium 


294  Polyhms  interjyreted.  [part  Vll. 

and  a  half  for  which  the  usual  path  had  become  impracticable. 
One  would  expect  here  to  see  the  point  where  Mr.  Ellis 
supposes  the  progress  to  have  been  prohibited,  and  from 
which  those  who  were  in  advance  would  have  had  to  turn 
back.  But  the  plan  does  not  indicate  the  part  where  advance 
became  impossible,  and  retreat  necessary,  nor  does  it  show 
how  they  got  to  the  scene  of  the  disaster  by  which  the 
attempt  at  circuit  failed :  neither  does  it  appear  how  they 
proceeded  from  it  to  the  place  of  encampment,  after  failure  of 
the  attempt.  If  these  positions  had  appeared  in  their  rela- 
tion to  one  another,  the  author's  views  would  at  least  have 
been  intelligible. 

A  plan  drawn  for  explaining  the  casualty  of  the  airoppco^ 
ought  to  express  these  things,  if  it  is  expected  to  assist  our 
apprehension  of  the  author's  meaning  :  and  the  obvious  ex- 
cuse for  Mr.  Ellis  not  marking  them,  is  that  he  was  imdeter- 
mined  where  to  place  them.  But  then  why  publish  a  portrait 
without  the  necessary  features  ?  There  is  the  mountain  side, 
with  a  blue  line  carried  down  it  to  represent  Mr.  Ellis's 
gully :  there  is  a  zigzag  line,  meant  to  represent  a  track  along 
the  mountain-side.  ^N'othing  helps  to  the  position  of  the 
important  points :  the  arrest  of  the  progress ;  the  intended 
circuit,  and  its  calamities ;  the  place  where  they  then  made 
encampment,  from  which  the  work  of  repair  went  to  the 
damaged  road.    All  is  important  to  illustrate  his  theory. 

The  author's  want  of  conception  on  the  scene  he  desired  to 
delineate  for  others,  appears  by  his  own  statements.  In  p.  60, 
he  says  :  "  The  account  naturally  leads  us  to  look  immediately 
"  above  the  broken  path  for  an  encampment  partly  extending 
"  over  a  ridge-back."  We  may  look  for  it ;  but  it  is  not  to  be 
leen.  Then,  in  p.  125,  Mr.  Ellis  states  it  to  be  probable,  that 
the  ^a%t9  of  Polybius  is  about  half  a  mile  to  the  south  of 
the  Cenise,  where  a  rill  of  water  runs  in  a  hollow  parallel  to 
the  Cenise,  with  a  ridge  between  them  extending  from  west 


CHAP.  I.]      Descent   L.  St.  Bernard.   Cenis.   L.  Cenis.  295 

to  east.  And  wlien  this  has  been  put  forth  as  the  pd'xji^,  a 
third  place,  very  distant  from  it,  is  suggested :  "  The  fields 
"  through  which  the  Cenise  flows  between  La  Ferri^re  and 
"  the  commfinoement  of  the  broken  precipice  would  have 
"  afforded  in  themselves  a  considerable  space  of  ground  for  the 
"  encampment."  Thus  explicit  and  satisfactory  is  Mr.  Ellis's 
theory  of  the  airoppco^.  He  criticizes  the  historian  (p.  59)  for 
using  the  article  rijv  with  pa%tr  the  first  time  he  employs  the 
word,  and  attributes  tbe  inadvertence  to  Polybius  being  per- 
sonally acquainted  with  the  country.  On  some  things  he  is 
satisfied  with  his  own  evidence,  as  when  he  says,  p.  121 : 
"  The  old  road,  still  remaining,  forcibly  recalls  the  narrative 
"  of  Polybius  :  it  is  in  many  places  supported  on  terraces,  such 
"  as  Hannibal  must  have  raised  along  the  mountain-side." 

In  the  explanations  of  irepieXOelv  there  is  a  characteristic 
difference  between  the  process  conceived  by  Mr.  EUis,  and 
that  which  is  understood  by  us.  In  his  idea  the  circuit  which 
Hannibal  contemplated  was  down  a  precipitous  gully :  we 
apprehend  that  it  was  along  the  declined  channel  of  a  stream. 
His  old  snow  stands  high  up  and  exposed  on  a  mountain  side 
facing  south.  Ours  lies  in  a  low  bottom,  shielded  from  the 
sun  throughout  the  year.  This  competition  was  not  brough 
to  notice  in  his  Treatise :  nor  did  he  disclose,  that  evidence 
had  ever  been  brought  forward  on  the  "  mauvais  pas  "  of  the 
Little  St.  Bernard.  Mr.  Ellis  took  pains  to  wield  his  own 
deductions  :  but  declined  to  measure  them  with  the  facts  of  a 
rival  theory. 

That  other  hypothesis  had  been  long  before  the  world. 
Mr.  Ellis  was  aware  of  the  evidence  of  General  Melville, 
reported  by  De  Luc  ;  of  the  facts  of  De  Saussure  and  others 
to  the  same  point,  viz.,  the  accumulation  of  the  snow  in  the 
bed  of  the  torrent  below  La  Tuile,  which  stiU  from  time  to 
time  occurs ;  and  the  pointed  comments  of  the  Oxford  Disser- 
tation.   Nevertheless  his  Treatise  did  not  contain  a  hint  that 


296  PolyUus  iiiterpreted.  [paht  vii. 

the  route  of  the  Graian  Alp  had  pretended  to  supply  a  site 
for  the  calamity  of  the  broken  way.  This  silence  was  the 
more  remarkable,  as  he  discussed  the  matter  largely  himself, 
not  forgetting  the  old  snow  or  the  subject  of  the  snow-line ; 
and  alluded  to  certain  writers,  as  if  they  agreed  with  him : 
to  Gibbon  and  Arnold,  and  to  Evelyn,  mentioned  in  Arnold's 
note  M  which  refers  to  Evelyn.  Yet  the  rival  pretensions  of 
the  broken  way,  which  had  been  so  thoroughly  asserted  for 
the  route  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  are  not  alluded  to  in  the 
Treatise  of  1854. 

My  criticism,  written  at  Nice  in  1855,  caused  that  silence  to 
be  broken  :  and  in  1856  Mr.  Ellis  noticed  me  in  the  "  Cam- 
bridge Journal  of  Philology,"  vol.  ii.  327.  He  reluctantly 
admitted  the  fact,  that  the  Baltea  torrent  is  sometimes  filled 
up  by  the  snow  of  a  former  winter.  On  this  fact,  verified  by 
so  many  eye-witnesses,  his  words  are :  "  I  am  ready  to  acknow- 
"  ledge,  that  the  circumstance  which  Mr.  Law  mentions  has 
"  sometimes  occurred."  Then,  instead  of  excusing  himself  in 
his  defence,  for  having  shirked  these  facts,  he  blames  me  for 
not  dealing  with  the  old  snow  more  largely ;  saying  this  ; 
"  That  no  permanent  snow  is  now  found  on  the  route  of  Mont 
''  Cenis  at  the  place  where  I  have  supposed  Hannibal  to 
"  have  tnet  with  it,  is  a  circumstance  easily  explained  by  the 
"  change  of  climate  in  the  Alps,  a  fact  supported  by  the 
"  authority  of  Gibbon  and  Arnold,  and  proved  by  the 
"  testimony  of  an  eye-witness,  that  of  Evelyn.  Of  these 
"  witnesses  Mr.  Law  takes  no  notice :  there  is  not  a  word  of 
*'■  Gibbon  and  Evelyn,  and  but  a  slight  remark  (p.  59)  about 
"  Dr.  Arnold." 

If  T  had  cared  for  their  evidence,  I  could  not  have  dealt 
with  these  witnesses  at  Nice.  Mr.  EUis's  Treatise  had 
accompanied  me  from  England  :  not  so  the  works  of  Gibbon 
and  Arnold  and  Evelyn.  I  directed  the  criticism  only  against 
Mr.  Ellis  ;  and  I  gave  it  to  the  printer  immediately  on  my 


CHAP.  I.]      Descent.   L.  St.  Bernard.    Cenis.   L.  Cenis.  297 

return  to   England   in  April,  1855.     But  let   us   see   what 
Mr.  Ellis's  witnesses  have  to  say. 

Mr.  Evelyn  reports  the  Simplon,  one  of  the  lowest  passes, 
as  covered  with  snow  in  September,  1626  :  to  this  fact,  which 
may  happen  in  any  year,  he  was  an  eye-witness.  His 
account  ("  Memoirs,"  i.  p.  220)  is  this :  "  That  there  were  on 
"  the  summit  a  few  huts  and  a  chapel ;  and  population 
"  enough  to  bully  his  party  on  their  spaniel  killing  a  goat. 
"  He  says  that  a  multitude  came  and  disarmed  them,  and 
"  kept  them  prisoners  till  masse  was  ended  :  then  came  half  a 
"  score  of  grim  Suisse,  on  which  they  were  glad  to  make 
"  payment  and  escape ;  being  told  that  their  way  onward  had 
"  been  covered  with  snow  since  the  Creation."  Such  is  the 
philosophy  of  the  snow-line :  and  yet  my  credulity  does  not 
accept,  even  on  the  testimony  of  the  eye-witness,  that  the 
Simplon  in  1626  was.  with  its  chapel  and  congregation,  on  a 
summit  of  perpetual  snow. 

Gibbon  says,  in  Chapter  ix.,  to  which  Mr.  Ellis  refers, 
"  Some  ingenious  writers  have  suspected  that  Europe  was 
"  much  colder  formerly  than  it  is  at  present."  He  admits  that 
two  circumstances  tend  to  confirm  their  theory :  1.  That  the 
Ehine  and  the  Danube  were  often  frozen  over  and  capable  of 
supporting  enormous  weights.  2.  That  the  reindeer  was  a 
native  of  the  Hercynian  forest ;  which  is  said  on  the  suppo- 
sition that  the  reindeer  was  the  "  bos  cervi  figura "  of 
Csesar,  "  cujus  k  media  fronte  inter  aures  unum  cornu  existit." 
Gibbon  adds,  "The  modern  improvements  sufficiently  ex- 
"  plain  the  causes  of  the  diminution  of  the  cold :  these 
"  immense  w^oods  have  been  gradually  cleared,  which  inter- 
"  cepted  from  the  earth  the  rays  of  the  sun."  Surely  this 
has  no  bearing  on  the  Alpine  snow-line. 

Mr.  Ellis  appears  surprised  that  I  made  but  a  slight 
remark  upon  Dr.  Arnold  :  and  I  am  surprised  that  Mr.  Ellis 
alluded  to  him  at  all.     My  remark  was  this  :    "  Though   I 


298  Polyhms  interpreted.  [part  vii. 

"  entertain  tlie  truest  respect  for  Dr.  Arnold,  and  a  high 
"  admiration  of  bis  history  of  Hannibal's  campaigns,  yet  in 
"  all  that  he  has  said  of  the  invading  march  I  find  nothing  to 
"  commend :  on  this  point  of  the  snow-line  of  Polyhins,  as 
"  on  some  others,  I  quite  differ  from  him."  Mr.  Ellis  was 
then  the  special  object  of  my  criticism :  he  is  not  now ;  and 
I  shall  comment  on  Dr.  Arnold  with  equal  freedom.  But 
why  should  Mr.  llUis  pretend  to  care  for  the  opinion  of 
Dr.  Arnold?  They  do  not  agree.  Dr.  Arnold  says  that  the 
old  snow  of  Polybius  was  "  no  accidental  patch."  Mr.  Ellis 
says,  that  "it  was  clearly  an  isolated  patch."  Dr.  Arnold 
placed  the  airoppoo^  of  Polybius  above  the  snow-line,  Mr. 
ElKs  says  that  there  is  no  reason  for  imagining  it.  Having 
so  brought  their  opinions  into  contrast,  I  may  say  this. 
Thinking  Dr.  Arnold  wrong  on  the  snow-line,  I  must  think 
Mr.  Ellis  right  in  differing  from  him.  But  in  the  application 
of  their  opinions,  I  do  not  think  Mr.  Ellis  has  the  advantage. 
Both  resist  our  theory,  in  which  the  permanence  of  the  old 
snow  is  accounted  for  by  its  lying  in  a  deep  ravine,  not 
exposed  to  the  sun :  both  disallow  that  argument.  Dr. 
Arnold  has  the  better  excuse  :  he  disregarded  it,  being  under 
a  delusion  on  the  snow-line.  Mr.  Ellis  has  not  that  delusion 
to  palliate  the  blunder.  His  *' isolated  patch"  flourished 
through  a  summer  under  exposure  to  a  southern  sun,  not 
having  perpetual  snow  to  protect  it. 

The  question  between  our  old  snow  which  occupies  the 
trough  in  which  a  stream  is  used  to  run,  and  Mr.  Ellis's  old 
snow  which  is  an  isolated  patch  half-way  up  a  mountain, 
is  almost  a  question  between  horizontal  and  perpendicular; 
between  level  and  precipice.  A  rapid  stream  cannot  be  quite 
a  dead  level :  but  it  is  opposed  to  precipice.  Mr.  Ellis  does 
not  seem  alive  to  the  difference.  His  phenomenon  displays 
itself  in  an  erect  gully,  where  man  and  horse  can  acquire  no 
footing,  and  must  roll  down  the  mountain:   ours  lies  in  a 


CHAP.  II.]  Into  the  Plain  and  Iiuuhres.  299 

trougli  at  the  bottom  of  a  defile  with  mountain  on  both  sides  ; 
but  it  was  so  slippery  and  otherwise  injurious,  as  to  prohibit  a 
march.  Mr.  Ellis,  in  his  defence,*  instead  of  confessing  his 
own  sins,  imputes  them  to  me,  and  gives  vent  to  this  sage  excla- 
mation :  "  How  does  this  snow  in  the  bed  of  the  torrent  help 
"  Mr.  Law !  how  could  it  possibly  cause  men  to  slip  down  the 
"  precipices  at  the  foot  of  which  it  lies !"  I  never  sought  the 
aid  of  such  nonsense.  It  is  Mr.  Ellis,  and  no  other,  who  would 
circumvent  the  "  mauvais  pas  "  by  slipping  down  a  precipice  : 
he  it  is,  who  conceiving  his  gully  to  be  spoken  of  by  Polybius 
(whom  he  represents,  Treatise,  p.  59,  as  personally  acquainted 
with  it),  construes  iiriTroXv  KaT(o<j)6p(ov  ovt(ov  t&v  'xcopLMV, 
"  for  the  declivity  was  one  of  excessive  steepness."  KaTco(f)epr]<i 
signifies  "declined,"  not "  precipitous : "  and  eV^TroXu  Kar(0(f>eprj(i 
is  not  "  excessively  steep  : "  iiniToXv  signifies  "  mostly  " — "  for 
the  most  part."  There  may  be  declivity  in  a  line  of  railroad ; 
not  precipice  :  it  may  be  /carox^ep?;?,  but  not  KprjixvcohT)^.  Mr. 
Ellis's  notion  is  somewhat  akin  to  that  of  Livy,  for  which  he 
is  so  roughly  handled  by  Niebuhr ;  namely,  for  turning  the 
three  half-stades  of  length  into  three  half-stades  of  height. 
Lect.  ix.  vol.  i.  p.  173. 


CHAPTEE  II. 

Hannibal,  having  completed  the  passage  of  the  Alps  in  Fifteen 
Days,  came  down  holdly  into  the  plain  of  the  Po  and  the 
nation  of  Insubres,     c.  66. 

Karfjpe  eh — came  down  into. 

Our  opponents,  unable  to  say  that  a  man,  entering  Italy  by 
the  route  of  Susa  or  of  Pinerolo,  would  come  down  into  the 

*  Cambridge  Journal  of  Classical  and  Sacred  Philology.    Vol.  ii. 
p.  327. 


300  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  vit. 

Insubres,  struggle  against  the  words  of  the  history :  and  first 
they  pretend  that  Karfjpe  et?  does  not  signify  "  came  down 
into :"  they  have  discovered,  that  this  expression  does  not 
import  the  arrival  at  an  object,  but  an  inchoate  movement  in 
the  direction  of  it. 

M.  Larauza  challenged  the  translation  of  M.  De  Luc,  "  entra 
dans  le  pays  du  Insubres/'  calling  it  "  une  traduction  evidem- 
ment  fausse  :"  and  he  adds,  "Nous  nous  bornerons  a  remarquer 
"  que  le  Grec  ne  dit  nullement  qu'Annibal  entra  dans  le  pays 
"  des  Insubres,  mais  qu'il  se  dirigea  vers  ce  pays,  et?  to  tcov 
"  ^laofi^pcov  edvo<;"  One  who  could  so  translate,  has  very 
naturally  the  additional  merit  of  making  an  imperfect  quota- 
tion. The  term  Karfjpe  ek  is  applied  by  Polybius  both  to  the 
plains  and  the  Insubres.  M.  Larauza  exhibits  it  as  applied  to 
the  Insubres  only  :  he  may  have  felt  that  it  would  be  absurd 
to  assert  that  Hannibal,  who  in  the  previous  sentence  was  said 
to  have  reached  the  plains,  "se  dirigea  vers  les  plaines  :"  so  he 
suppressed  the  plains  in  expounding  the  sentence.  This  was 
not  fair :  he  should  also  have  contended,  "  que  le  Grec  ne  dit 
nullement  qu'Annibal  entra  dans  les  plaines  :  "  but  for  this  his 
courage  failed  him. 

Other  critics,  since  M.  Larauza,  have  tried  to  misconstrue 
this  simple  expression.  In  the  work  of  1830  on  Hannibal's 
passage  by  "  A  Member  of  the  University  of  Cambridge,"  the 
author  objects  to  the  translation  "  descended  into,"  and  says 
this  (p.  77) :  "  The  word  Kajfjpe  must  here,  as  it  frequently 
"  does  in  Polybius,  simply  mean  '  he  marched ;'  and  the  entire 
"  passage  must  refer  to  the  ulterior  and  eventful  circum- 
"  stance  of  his  bold  movement  into  the  plains  of  the  Po, 
"  and  his  first  encampment  in  front  of  the  Koman  army  in 
"  the  territory  of  the  Insubrians.  Should  there  be  any  surprise 
"  at  the  peculiarity  of  this  arrangement  of  matter,  the  follow- 
"  ing  passage  will  show  that  in  Polybius  it  is  not  unexampled. 
"  In  the  35th  chapter  of  the  3d  book  Hannibal  is  described  as 


CHAP.  II.]  Into  the  Plain  and  Insuhres.  801 

''  crossing  the  Ebro,  and  there  parting  with  some  of  his  troops 
"  — rrjv  Se  XoiTrrjv  o-Tparlav  avaXa^oDV  rjye  Sea  rcov  nvprjvamv 
"  Xeyo/jbii^cov  opojv  eirl  rrjv  tov  'PoSavov  Bid^aaiv.  All  the 
"  latter  part  of  the  sentence  has  reference,  as  in  the  instance 
"  above,  to  an  ulterior  event." 

This  illustration  is  inadmissil)le,  though  we  shall  find  it 
adopted  :  Karaipco  is  never  so  used.  The  passage  cited  as  ana- 
logous occurs  thus  :  Polybius,  having  explained  Hannibal's 
X3roceedings  after  crossing  the  Ebro,  having  told  how  he  dis- 
charged a  portion  of  the  troops,  and  committed  another 
portion  to  the  command  of  the  general  who  was  to  remain  in 
that  country,  says  of  Hannibal :  "  Taking  with  him  the  rest 
"  of  the  army  lightly  equipped,  he  led  them  on  through  the 
"  Pyrenean  mountains  for  the  passage  of  the  river  called  the 
"  Ehone."  Now  see  the  weakness  of  imagining  an  analogy 
between  rjye  in  this  place,  and  Karfjpe  in  the  other.  In 
these  words  of  the  35th  chapter  the  historian,  having  brought 
Hannibal  across  the  Ebro,  exhibits  the  scope  of  a  portion  of 
march  about  to  be  performed ;  and  the  notice  of  the  passage 
of  the  Ehone  is  the  notice  of  an  ulterior  event,  which  will 
be  long  after  that  to  which  ^76  Scd  is  applied. 

"H7€  Bed  tells  an  initial  proceeding  ;  and  for  that  reason  it 
is  wholly  unlike  Karfjpe  eh.  But  the  want  of  prudence  in 
this  anonymous  critic  is  equal  to  his  want  of  discernment : 
he  not  only  exhibits,  as  corresponding  expressions,  those 
which  have  no  correspondence,  but  he  proves  that  they  have 
none,  by  adding  these  words  :  "  For  in  the  40th  chapter  he 
"  is  again  crossing  *  the  Pyrenees  :  and  in  the  41st  he  arrives 
"  at  the  passage  of  the  Ehone — ^/ce  fiera  Swd/jLectyv  eirl  rrjv 
"  rov'FoBavov  BidjSaa-LV."  Here  his  error  exposes  itself :  it  is 
this  expression  ^/ce  eirl,  which  is  analogous  to  Karfjpe  ek,  not 
the  words  of  the  36th  chapter.  Each  of  those  expressions 
tells  an  accomplished  fact;   one  bringing  Hannibal  to  the 

*   iv€\eipeL  rats  8t€R:/3o\ats  riov  livprjvaLoiv  opiov. 


302  Polyhms  mtet^reted.  [part  vii. 

Khone,    the    other    bringing  him    to    the   plain    and    the 
Insubres. 

Another  patron  of  this  false  construing  is  Mr,  Ellis.  Not 
that  in  his  published  translation  he  adopted  "  se  dirigea  vers  " 
from  the  French  critic,  or  "  he  marched  to  "  from  the  anony- 
mous of  1830  :  he  prudently  rendered  Karfjpe  ek  "  descended 
into."  But  two  years  afterwards,  on  defending  himself  in  the 
"  Journal  of  Philology,"  ii.  329,  he  condescended  deliberately 
to  adopt  the  error  of  his  Cambridge  predecessor,  and  borrowed 
his  false  illustration,  saying  this  : — "  The  words,  Karfipe 
"  Td\fi7]pw<:  eh  to,  irepl  tov  HaBbv  irehla  koX  to  tcdv  ^laofx^pwv 
"  €6vo<^,  may  be  compared  with  9776  hia  tcov  Ylvprjvaicov 
"  Xeyofiivcov  opwv  eirl  ttjv  tov  *Vo8avov  KoXovjievov  iroTafiov 
"  BtajSaatv,  xxxv.  7.  Yet  Hannibal  does  not  actually  pass 
"  the  Pyrenees  or  reach  the  Ehone  till  several  chapters 
"  further  on.  Does  any  one  believe  that  either  of  these 
"  events  occurred  twice  ? "  The  answer  to  this  wise  question 
is,  No  ;  the  transit  of  the  Pyrenees  occurred  once,  and  is  told 
once.  The  reaching  the  Ehone  occurred  once,  and  is  told 
once  :  it  is  not  told  by  the  words  rjye  hiri  of  chapter  35,  when 
Hannibal  had  crossed  the  Ebro,  and  it  is  told  by  the  words 
rJKe  iirl  of  chapter  41.  Mr.  Ellis  must  be  aware  that  KUTalpco 
eh  never  meant  to  march  or  set  out  for  a  distant  object,  and 
that  it  always  imports  "  to  come  to,"  "  to  reach,"  "  to  arrive 
at."  An  old  lexicon  of  Budseus  aptly  quotes  from  the  5th 
book  of  Polybius,  KaTfjpe  fieTa  tov  (ttoXov  iravTo^;  et? 
Kopivdov,  illustrating  the  effect  of  the  words  with  "  Hue  ubi 
delati  portus  intravimus." 

TO.  Trepl  TOV  HdBov  ireBta — the  plain  of  the  Po. 

Some  advocates  of  a  Taurine  pass  are  persuaded  that  the 
historical  statement,  that  Hannibal  came  down  into  the  plain 
of  the  Po,  accords  with  their  theory,  because  the  Turin  of 
Augustus  is  on  the  Po.     If  the  town  sacked  by  Hannibal 


CHAP.  II.]  Into  the  Plain  and  Insuhres.  303 

could  be  traced  to  that  site,  which  it  is  not,  this  expression 
would  not  help  to  place  it  there.  The  meaning  of  ra  irepl 
Tov  Ildhov  ireBia  is  too  clear  to  be  controverted.  Every  pass 
into  Italy  from  the  Brenner  to  the  Col  di  Tende,  leads  you  to 
the  plain  of  the  Po.  The  words  signify,  by  the  express  defi- 
nition of  the  historian,  the  great  northern  plain  of  Italy, 
bounded  by  the  Alps,  the  Apennine,  and  the  Adriatic.  When 
we  read  that  the  potentates,  Buo-iXlo-koc,  who  waited  upon 
Hannibal  after  his  passage  of  the  Rhone,  had  come  ck  rwv 
irepl  TOV  YlaZov  TreBltov,  we  recognise  the  large  application  of 
the  term.  The  irehia,  so  often  named  by  Polybius,  comprised 
not  only  Cisalpine  Gaiil,  but  a  large  portion  of  Liguria  and  of 
the  Venetian  States,  districts  quite  away  from  the  stream  of 
the  great  river,  whose  course  divided  the  plain  and  gave  its  de- 
nomination. Senigaglia  is  said  to  be  irapa  tov  \hpLav  iirX  tS 
TripaTC  KelaOaL  twv  irepl  tov  HaZov  irehlwv.    Polyb.  ii.  19, 13. 

General  St.  Cyr  Nugues  limits  the  scope  of  this  large  term 
to  the  very  banks  of  the  Po  itself.  Being  an  advocate  for 
the  Mont  Gen^vre,  he  gives  as  a  reason  for  declining  the  liue 
of  Susa,,  and  seeking  the  Po  at  a  higher  point  than  Turin,  the 
purpose  of  recruiting  his  army  "  sur  les  bords "  before  he 
attacks  that  place.  He  says,  p.  19  :  "  Prenons  la  carte,  et 
"  suivons  le  cours  du  Po.  Ce  fleuve,  sorti  du  Mont  Viso, 
"  coule  du  midi  au  nord  jusqu'k  Turin.  Nous  lisons  qu' 
"  Annibal  fut  oblige  de  faire  reposer  plusieurs  jours  son 
"  armee  ;  qu'il  ne  put  ^viter  de  prendre  la  capitale  des  Taurini. 
"  II  est  naturel  de  conclure  de  l^l  qu'il  descendit  sur  les  bords 
"  du  Po  a  quelque  distance  de  Turin." 

A  still  more  curious  conception  of  the  plains  is  that  of  M. 
le  Comte  de  Portia  D'Urban,  whose  singular  theory  will  be 
noticed  in  Part  X.  He  writes,  p.  14  :  "  Apres  avoir  franchi 
"  le  Tesin,  Annibal  fut  entre  daus  les  plaines  du  Po  :  c'est 
"  encore  la  verity"  Many  others,  among  them  M.  Larauza, 
when  they  have  occasion  to  express  the  idea  of  the  Plain, 
say  "plaines  qui  bordent   le   Po ;"  or,    "plaines    qu'arrose 


304  Polj/hius  ink/rpreted.  [part  vii. 

"  le  P6."  For  avoiding  tlie  risk  of  orror  in  giving  too  narrow 
a  construction,  it  is  but  to  say  simply  plain,  or  plains  of 
the  Po. 

The  Tnstibrians — to  twv  'la-ofi/Spfov  e6vo<;. 

It  is  well  that  Poly  bins  has  applied  the  word  of  arrival, 
not  only  to  the  plain  as  the  terminus  of  the  march,  but  also 
to  that  nation  of  the  plain,  whose  friendship  and  co-operation 
welcomed  the  approach  of  the  invaders.  He  promised  in 
c.  36,  that  he  would  make  known  iroOev  opfirjaa^i  'Avv/ySa?, 
Kol  Tlva<i  KoX  TToaov^  hoeXdibv  tottov^;,  eh  irola  fiepi]  Karfjpe 
T?}9  'IraXta? :  he  now  announces  into  what  nation  of  Italy 
Hannibal  came  down  ;  namely,  among  the  Insubres.  Unless 
this  statement  is  rejected  as  unmeaning,  it  results  that  he 
came  down  the  valley  of  the  Doria ;  for  neither  the  people 
of  the  Cenis  nor  of  the  Genevre  can  be  reconciled  with  it. 

Our  adversaries,  however,  though  not  pretending  to  re- 
concile Polybius  with  their  own  schemes,  find  a  geographical 
difficulty  in  ours.  Polybius  has  said  (lib.  ii.)  that,  on  the 
first  immigration  of  Gauls  into  Italy,  nearly  200  years  before 
Hannibal,  certain  tribes  called  Lai  and  Lebecii,  settled  on 
the  Po  in  the  parts  above  those  which  were  occupied  by  the 
Insubres.  Accordingly  it  is  objected,  that  a  descent  by  the 
valley  of  the  Doria  would  have  led  into  the  former  peoples, 
and  not  into  the  Insubres,  who  were  lower  down  the  Po  and 
whose  capital  was  Milan :  and  that,  if  we  suppose  him  to 
have  come  down  into  the  Insubres,  we  are  bound  to  intro- 
duce him  by  the  Simplon  pass  or  the  St.  Gothard. 

It  is  veiy  true  that,  if  we  want  to  bring  him  down  upon 
Milan,  we  must  suppose  him  to  have  crossed  the  Simplon  or 
the  St.  Gothard.  But  we  do  not  desire  to  bring  him  down 
upon  Milan  :  we  know  not  that  he  ever  was  at  Milan.  We 
desire  to  find  meaning  in  the  words  of  Polybius :  he  it  is, 
who  has  related  that  Hannibal  came  down  into  the  nation 
of  Insubres.     Those  who  profess  to  swear  by  Polybius,  and 


CHAP.  II.]  Into  th^  Plain  and  LisKhrs.  ■  ,^0o 

desert  him  at  every  step,  are  false  disciples  :  an  honest  inter- 
preter seeks,  not  to  throw  aside  the  author's  words,  but  to 
find  sense  in  them.    Was  not  the  Insubrian  the  sreat  leadin<» 

o  o 

state  among  the  Gauls,  prominent  in  their  resistance  to  Eoman 
encroachment  ?  In  the  record  of  the  first  irruption,  Polybius 
says  of  them  o  fieyia-rov  e6vo<;  tjv  avrcjv :  and  they  survived 
the  extinction  of  all  the  rest.  True  it  is  that  Milan  was  their 
capital,  founded  long  before  the  time  of  Hannibal ;  and  that 
their  proper  original  territory  did  not  comprise  the  plain  near 
Ivrea,  which  received  Hannibal's  first  encampment.  But  who 
can  resist  the  probabiKty,  that  minor  tribes  who  had  first 
settled  in  that  plain,  and  were  probably  still  its  occupants  in 
name,  had  become  subordinate  to  their  more  powerful  neigh- 
bour ?  Is  it  any  stretch  of  imagination,  to  believe  that  Insu- 
brian chieftains  and  an  Insubrian  force  should  be  on  the 
banks  of  the  Doria  to  welcome  the  approach  of  their  illus- 
trious aUy  ?  Besides  being  in  hostility  to  the  Eomans,  the 
Insubres  were  themselves  at  war  with  their  neighbours  the 
Taurini.  Is  it  strange,  that  the  historian,  whose  narrative 
has  contained  no  name  of  a  people,  besides  Allobroges,  during 
the  entire  march  from  the  Pyrenees,  should  now,  on  reaching 
Italy,  select,  as  fittest  to  be  named,  the  great  leading  State  of 
the  confederacy  against  Rome,  by  whom  the  Carthaginian 
advent  was  so  eagerly  expected  ?  Polybius  was  not  writing 
in  controversy:  he  had  no  thought  of  the  track  becoming 
subject  to  dispute :  he  was  not  defining  it,  to  avert  the  quib- 
bles of  future  ages.  In  the  plain  assertion  that  Hannibal 
came  down  into  the  plain  and  the  nation  of  Insubres,  he 
states  a  broad  fact  of  history,  whose  truth  is  intelligible  save 
to  those  who  have  a  purpose  in  perverting  it.  If  Polybius 
had  written  that  he  came  down  into  the  Cisalpine  Gauls, 
this  quibble  could  not  have  been  made :  but  the  chief  geogra- 
phical inference  would  have  been  the  same  ;  namely,  that  he 
came  down  the  valley  of  Aosta. 
VOL,  I.  X 


306  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  vil. 

It  is  obvious  that  among  the  Gaulish  adversaries  of  Eome, 
in  the  second  Punic  war,  there  must  have  been  political  sub- 
jection ;  that  Lai,  Libui,  and  Lebecii,  with  other  of  the 
original  Gaulish  tribes,  had  in  the  lapse  of  two  centuries 
become  subordinate  to  a  greater  State,  whose  forces  were  free 
to  watch  the  coming  of  their  expected  deliverer,  whether  on 
the  banks  of  the  Doria,  the  Po,  or  the  Tesia.  It  is  in  unison 
with  aU  prior  .notices  of  the  Insubres  by  Polybius  in  his 
account  of  the  preparations  for  war  in  Cisalpine  Gaul,  that 
he  should  have  them  in  mind  as  the  prevailing  power  in  the 
region  where  Hannibal  found  the  plain. 

Which  of  these  minor  tribes  deserved  to  be  distinguished 
as  the  ally  of  Hannibal?  Surely  at  the  time  in  question, 
the  Gaulish  population  of  the  district  were  serving  under 
the  Insubrian  banner.  A  very  few  years  later,  they  were 
serving  under  that  of  Kome.  But  no  exploits  are  celebrated 
under  their  name.  In  the  details  of  Koman  aggression,  the 
smaller  tribes  of  the  original  settlers  are  not  among  the 
recorded  victims.  The  names  of  surrounding  nations  appear 
in  the  annals  of  Eoman  conquest ;  triumphs  are  celebrated 
over  Ligurians  ;  over  Cisalpine  Salassians ;  Comensians ;  over 
Insubrian  Gauls.  Lai,  Libui,  Lebecii,  have  no  rank  as  enemies 
of  Eome.  They  belong  to  the  history  of  Italy  ;  because  they 
made  part  of  the  tale  of  the  great  irruption.  Names  of  no 
importance  are  just  mentioned  by  Polybius  and  Livy  :  they 
find  a  place  in  the  catalogues  of  Pliny  and  Ptolemy,  as  now 
in  the  maps  of  D'Anville  or  Walkenaer.  But  they  are  unseen 
as  actors  in  the  affairs  of  nations :  and  the  land  in  which 
they  settled  became  at  last  an  integral  part  of  Eoman  posses- 
sions, without  record  of  their  annihilation  to  tell  that  they 
had  been. 

The  supremacy  of  the  Insubrians  vindicates  the  Karjjpe 
of  Polybius  without  more.  Whether  the  same  small  tribes 
which  squatted  in  that  district  two  centuries  before,  were 


CHAP,  il]  Into  the  Plain  and  In^ubres.  307 

still  tenants  of  the  ground  where  Hannibal  encamped,  and 
put  his  men  into  hospital  quarters  among  friends,  while  he 
waited  for  them  to  become  fit  for  service,  is  quite  immaterial. 
Their  condition  was  restored  before  they  were  led  to  action  ; 
.and  it  was  restored  on  friendly  ground. 

Mr.  Ellis  does  not  reply  to  what  I  have  said,  but  only  to 
what  I  have  not  said.  In  my  first  criticism  written  at  Nice 
I  stood,  as  now,  on  the  supremacy  of  the  Insubres.  But 
it  is  a  point  which  he  has  never  noticed.  He  lays  down 
peremptorily  the  identity  of  the  Insubres  with  the  modern 
Milanese,  and  trumpets  upon  it  thus :  "  That  the  country  of 
"the  Insubres  corresponded  to  the  modern  Milanese  is  in 
"accordance  with  the  opinion  of  all  geographers,  Mr.  Law 
"excepted.  Polybius,  in  spite  of  Mr.  Law's  prohibition, 
"  obstinately  persists  in  considering  the  Milanese  as  the  Insu- 
"  brian  country." 

Mr.  Ellis  is  aware  that  the  Mediolanum  of  the  Insubres 
became  the  capital  of  Lombardy ;  and  he  may  believe  that, 
from  before  Hannibal  to  the  late  expulsion  of  Austrian 
power,  there  has  been  the  same  territorial  consolidation  of 
the  dependencies.  But  it  would  be  prudent  to  moderate 
his  notion  of  the  immutability  even  of  their  confines.  I  will 
not  enter  upon  so  large  a  field.  I  care  not  whether  a  place 
of  interesting  association,  Cremona,  belonged  to  the  Insubres : 
a  point  on  which  there  is  diversity  of  opinion.  As  to  what 
Mr.  Ellis  says  of  our  theory  at  the  other  end  of  his  Milanese 
frontier,  that  it  supposes  Hannibal  to  have  turned  back  from 
the  Milanese  to  besiege  Turin,  and  that  the  early  settlements 
of  the  Insubres  reached  to  the  Doria  and  the  Oreo,  I  never 
imagined  any  such  thing;  nor  believe  that  Hannibal  was 
ever  on  the  site  of  Turin ;  or  that  it  then  existed.  The 
notion  of  turning  back  is  a  great  mistake.  The  order  of 
events  was  this :  Hannibal  arrived  among  his  friends  on 
the  Doria,  whom   Polybius   rightly  calls  ^lao/ju^pcov  e6vo<i : 

X  2 


308 


Polybius  interpreted. 


[part  VII. 


among  friends  the  army  recovered  its  condition.  This  done, 
they  attacked  the  adjoining  people,  the  Tanrini,  divided  only 
by  the  Oreo  or  the  Po.  Having  chastised  them,  Hannibal 
advanced  against  Scipio. 

This  crotchet  on  the  Insubres  must  have  received  Mr. 
Ellis's  peculiar  attention  :  he  gives  it  out  in  his  Introduction 
as  one  of  his  Seven  Summaries,  but  hardly  makes  up  his 
mind,  whether  it  shall  be  a  summary  or  not.  In  p.  60  he 
says  :  "  There  is. little  doubt  that  the  passage  concerning  the 
"  Insubrians,  is  one  of  Polybius's  succinct  accounts  or  sum- 
"  maries,  and  that  it  merely  states  the  direction  and  end  of 
"  a  march,  the  details  of  which  are  afterwards  to  be  given." 
In  the  next  page  he  says :  "  It  is  not  necessary  to  take  it 
"for  granted,  that  the  passage  relating  to  the  Insubrians  is 
"  a  mere  summary :"  and  he  tells  us  (p.  7)  that  he  shall  not 
give  us  the  whole  of  it.  Thus  the  seventh  Summary  is  left 
to  take  its  chance  :  and,  as  the  plains  and  the  Insubres  are 
never  mentioned  again  during  the  campaign,  we  cannot  be 
jBxpected  to  recognise  an  Insubrian  summary. 


CHAPTEK  III. 

On  the  Time  employed  in  Descent.  Many,  and  among  them  the 
Oxford  Dissertation,  differ  from  De  Luc,  who  supports 
Polyhius.  Dr.  Arnold  on  the  Snow- line :  his  scruples  on  the 
Salassi. 

Dr.  Liddell  on  the  Tinu, 

Distinguished  writers  have  blamed  Polybius  for  his  allotment 
of  time  in  telling  the  march  through  the  mountains.  Dr. 
Liddell  writes  thus  : — "  In  seven  days  after  Hannibal  began 
"  the  ascent,  he  reached  the  summit.  Polybius  says  nine 
"  fiii.  53,  9).  But  this  must  include  the  two  days'  halt  at  the 
"  top  of  the  pass.     For  the  descent  occupied  at  least  six  days 


CHAP.  III.]    Time  in  Descent.    Snow-line^  Salassi.  30ff 

**  (compare  iii.  55,  8,  with  56,  1) ;  and  the  whole  passage  took 
'' fifteen  days  (56,  Sy  ; 

I  abide  by  Polybius  :  his  ninth  day  of  ascent  is  as  clear  as 
words  can  make  it.  Hannibal  was  two  nights  on  the  summit, 
one  of  them  being  the  night  following  the  morning  on  which 
he  gained  it.  This  gave  only  one  integral  day  of  pure  rest ; 
and  I  hope  it  will  be  seen,  that  he  marched  again  on  the 
eleventh  day,  and  touched  the  plain  on  the  fifteenth.  The 
eleventh,  twelfth,  and  thirteenth  days  represent  rpta-l  in 
Q.  55, 8,  and  the  fifteenth  day  represents  TpiTato<i  airo  Kprjfiv&v 
in  c.  56,  1.  See  ante, 'pa.vty,  c.  1,  for  the  employment  of  each 
day.  - 

Br.  Arnold  on  the  Time,     . 

Dr.  Arnold  thought  that  the  descent  could  not  be  effected 
in  the  time  allowed  by  Polybius.  He  says,  in  a  note  to- 
p.  91 : — "  I  have  little  doubt  as  to  Hannibars  march  up  the 
"  Tarentaise ;  but  the  val  d' Aosta  puzzles  me.  According  to 
"  any  ordinary  rate  of  marching,  an  army  could  never  get- in 
"  three  days  from  the  Little  St.  Bernard  to  the  plains  of 
"  Ivrea."  Now  Polybius  relates  no  such  fact  as  the  army 
getting  in  three  days  from  the  Little  St.  Bernard  to  the  plains 
of  Ivrea.  Tpiram  signifies  "  on  the  third  day "  of  the  pro- 
gress made  on  liberation  of  the  elephants  from  the  precipices, 
and  is  applied  to  the  arrival  of  the  head  of  the  column  in  the' 
plain.  It  is  consistent  with  the  narrative  that,  when  this  last 
event  took  place,  the  tail  of  the  column  of  march  was 
between  Aosta  and  Verres. 

Th,e  Oxford  Dissertation  on  the  Time. 

The  arrangement  of  time  which  Polybius  has  expressed  is 
not  only  disputed  by  opponents,  but  has  been  embarrassed  by 
ourselves.  De  Luc  arranged  the  five  days  of  descent  very 
accurately  according  to  the  words  of  the  history.  Second 
edition,  1825. 


§10  Polylius  interpreted,  [paet  vii. 

A  few  extracts  will  give  his  notion  of  this  chronology, 
pp.  212,  213 :— 

**  Le  11®  jour  fat  employe  h.  descendre  au  village  de  la 
Tuile,  k  tenter  de  passer  sur  la  vieille  neige  qui  couvroit  le 
torrent  de  la  Tuile,  et  k  commencer  la  reparation  du  chemin 
^boul^.  Une  partie  de  I'infanterie  traversa  ce  mauvais  pas  le 
m^mejour. 

"  Le  12®  jour  la  cavalerie  et  les  betes  de  somme  pass^rent 
et  se  distribukent  dans  les  lieux  qui  leur  offroient  des  p^tu- 
rages  et  des  fourrages ;  les  plus  avanc^s  durent  arriver 
jusqu'^  la  ville  d'Aoste. 

*'  Le  13®  jour  au  soir,  le  chemin  degrade  fut  achev^  pour 
les  eMphans  qui  arriv^rent  k  Pre-Saint-Didier.  Pendant  le 
m^me  temps  I'avant-garde  de  I'infanterie  et  une  partie  arri- 
vk'ent  ^  Nuz,  qui  est  k  huit  milles  d'Aoste. 

"  Le  14®  jour  cette  avant-garde  se  trouva  au  village  de 
Montjoie  et  k  Verrex. 

"Le  15®  jour  entre  Saint-Martin  et  Ivrde. — On  est  sorti 
tout-^-fait  des  montagnes  que  Ton  est  encore  k  une  lieue  et 
demi  d'lvree." 

Thus  De  Luc  supports  the  fifteen  of  Polybius.  The  0.  D. 
would  have  it  eighteen.  As  we  agree,  that  the  descent  was 
commenced  on  the  eleventh  day  of  Alps :  any  ambiguity 
must  attach  to  the  events  of  that  and  the  four  following  days. 
They  assert  that  the  descent  could  not,  consistently  with  the 
history  itself,  be  made  in  those  five  days.  The  question, 
then,  between  us  is  this :  whether  Hannibal  reached  the  plain 
on  the  fifth  day  of  descent,  which  is  in  accordance  with  the 
total  fifteen ;  or  on  the  eighth,  which  is  in  contradiction  of  it. 

The  following  view  of  the  subject  is  given  in  the  Oxford 
Dissertation,  second  edition,  114-116: — "The  descent  pro- 
'*  bably  commenced  on  the  eleventh  day,  one  day  for  the 
"  passage  of  the  cavalry  makes  twelve,  and  three  for  the 


CHAP,  in.]    Time  in  Descent.    Snow-lins.    Salam,  31! 

"  elephants  fifteen :  and  this  is  the  number  of  days  which,' 
"  according  to  Poly  bins,  he  employed  in  passing  the  Alps. 
"  Having  performed  the  passage  of  the  Alps  in  fifteen  days, 
"  he  descended  boldly  into  the  country  of  the  Insubres,  and 
"  the  plains  about  the  Po.  This  statement  is,  however,  rather 
"  inconsistent  with  the  account  in  the  beginning  of  this  very 
"  same  chapter,  which  says  that,  having  assembled  his  army 
"  after  the  passage  of  that  difficult  piece  of  road,  which  had 
"  delayed  him  for  four  days,  he  descended,  and  reached  the 
"  plains  in  three  days'  march  from  the  broken  ground,  which 
"  would  give  eighteen  days  instead  of  fifteen.  I  think  that 
"  there  can  be  very  little  doubt  that  we  must  read  eighteen 
"  days  instead  of  fifteen,  and  that  the  150  miles  are  to  be 
"  completed  at  the  commencement  of  the  plain,  and  at  the 
"  spot  where  the  army  was  encamped.  Indeed,  the  enumera- 
"  tion  he  makes  of  the  losses  sustained  by  the  army,  and  the 
"  recapitulation  of  the  march,  are  not  made  till  after  the  fact 
"  of  their  having  reached  the  plains  has  been  stated ;  and 
*'  there  can  be  no  doubt,  upon  his  own  showing,  that  eighteen 
"  days  must  have  elapsed  before  this  event  took  place.  It  is 
"  possible  that  he  might  have  intended  to  leave  out  of  the 
"  account  the  three  days  employed  in  making  the  road  for  the 
"  elephants ;  but  I  think  it  more  probable  that  he  meant, 
^'  that  in  fifteen  days  the  chief  difficulties  of  the  passage  were 
"  overcome,  and  that  he  entered  into  a  friendly  country." 

It  seems  to  me  that  Polybius  is  here  ill  construed.  As  to 
the  notion  of  ending  the  fifteen  days  when  the  chief  difficulties 
were  overcome,  while  the  150  miles  expire  many  miles  further 
on,  it  seems  quite  inadmissible ;  as  is  the  other  suggestion, 
of  omitting  three  days  from  the  middle  of  the  reckoning. 
Such  ideas  are  prohibited  by  the  context :  time  and  space 
must  begin  together  and  end  together.  If  it  is  true  that  upon 
Polybius's  own  showing  the  passage  occupied  eighteen  days, 
it  follows  that  he  made  an  unhappy  blunder  in  naming  fifteen. 
But  the  truth  is  that,  in  this  criticism,  the  narrative  has  been 


312-  .     Polyhms  interpreted.  [PAKT  Vll." 

misappreliended :  Polybius  does  not  say,  as  imputed,  that 
"  the  difficult  piece  of  road  delayed  Hannibal  for  four  days  : " 
his  text  does  not  warrant  you  to  say,  "  One  day  for  the  passage 
"  of  the  cavalry  makes  twelve,  and  three  for  the  elephants 
"  fifteen  ; "  neither  does  it  express,  as  my  friends  report,  "  He 
"  reached  the  plains  in  three  days*  march  from  the  broken' 
"  ground."  The  cause  of  error  is,  that  they  accept  every 
notice  of  time  as  cumulative  :  they  conceive  that  Hannibal, 
having  failed  in  his  attempt  to  circumvent  the  place,  encamped 
and  did  no  more  on  that  first  day  ;  that  he  made  the  road  for 
the  cavalry  on  the  next  day ;  that  he  constructed  one  for  the 
elephants  in  three  days  more,  and  that  he  brought  the  whole 
army  into  the  plain  in  three  days  more.  I  propose  to  show, 
that  not  one  of  these  propositions  is  expressed  by  or  justly 
deducible  from  Polybius ;  and  that  his  notices  of  time,  fairly^ 
interpreted,  are  consistent  with  the  fact  that  Hannibal  touched 
the  plain  on  the  fifth  day  of  descent,  being  the  fifteenth  of  Alps; 
The  Oxford  Dissertation,  p.  112,  tells  the  story  thus  : — "  In 
"  whatever  way  the  attempt  to  turn  the  pass  was  made,  the 
"  troops  were  finally  obliged  to  encamp  at  the  entrance  of  it, 
"  and,  in  all  probability,  in  the  plain  on  which  La  Tuile 
"  itself  is  situated.  The  next  day  was  employed  in  making 
"  a  road  good  enough  for  the  passage  of  the  cavalry,  and' 
"  three  days  more  in  constructing  one  for  the  elephants." 
This  imports,  that  nothing  more,  besides  encamping,  was  done 
on  that  first  day,  after  failing  in  the  experiment  upon  the  old 
snow  which  covered  the  bed  of  the  torrent,  and  that  the 
business  of  repair  was  only  begun  on  the  following  day. 
The  text  of  Polybius  teUs  a  different  story  :  he  says  :  "  Where- 
"  fore,  abandoning  this  hope,  Hannibal  made  his  camp  near 
"  the  edge  of  the  mountain,*  having  cleared  away  the  snow 
*'  that  lay  there  ;  and  then,  turning  out  his  force  (ja  irXrjOrj) 
"  reconstructed  the    path    along  the   precipice  with  much 

*  Probably   where   the  ground    begins   to    swell   towards   the 
Cramont 


CHAP.  III.]    Time  in  Descent.    Stww-Um.    Salassi.  313^ 

**  painful  toil ;  and  so  in  one  day  made  good  a  passage  fit 
*'  for  horses  and  baggage-cattle.  Wherefore,  carrying  these 
*'  through  at  once,  and  having  pitched  his  camp  about  those 
"  parts  which  had  as  yet  escaped  the  snow,  he  forwarded 
*'  them  away  to  the  pastures.  He  brought  up  the  Numidians 
*'  in  successive  gangs  to  the  building  of  the  road ;  and  it  was 
"  with  difficulty,  and  after  severe  work,  that  he  got  the 
**  elephants  through  in  three  days.*'  » 

From  this  narrative  it  appears  to  me,  that  the  most  vigo- 
rous application  of  strength  for  clearing  a  passable  track  along 
the  damaged  line  on  the  mountain  side,  was  made  on  the 
same  day  which  saw  them  leave  the  summit ;  that  the  prompt 
transit  of  man  and  horse,  evident  from  evOeco^  Bt,ivyarya)v, 
confirms  the  activity  which  I  am  supposing;  namely,  that  so 
much  success  must  have  attended  the  exertions  of  that  first 
day,  that  the  pass  would  be  ready  for  all  but  elephants  the 
next  morning.  This  view  of  the  subject  accords  with  all 
probability,  as  it  does  with  the  text.  The  difficulty  which 
seemed  to  defy  the  progress  of  the  expedition,  must  have 
offered  itself  to  the  head  of  the  line  of  march  within  two  or 
three  houi^s  from  the  time  when  the  army  was  put  in  motion, 
which  we  may  presume  to  have  been,  as  on  other  occasions, 
at  daybreak — af^a  tS  (J)coti.  The  plain  of  the  summit  is 
about  two  miles  in  length :  and  the  first  movement  of  the 
column  is  to  be  dated  from  near  the  brink  of  the  descent. 
From  thence  they  would  reach  the  place  of  obstruction  in 
about  four  miles.  The  attempt  to  proceed  along  the  bottom, 
where  the  new  snow  lay  upon  the  snow  of  the  previous 
winter,  and  so  to  circumvent  the  stadium  and  a  half  of 
ruptured  road  along  the  mountain  slope,  was  made  by  those 
who  first  arrived  in  order  of  march.  It  was  disastrous  to 
those  who  made  it :  but  soon  proved  hopeless  of  success ; 
and  the  known  character  of  Hannibal  for  prompt  decision 
assures  us,  that  he  did  not  fail  in  that  promptitude  under 


S14  Polybius  interpreted.  [part  yii. 

circumstances  which  placed  in  immediate  peril  the  existence 
of  his  army.  The  narrative  in  terms  exhibits  instant  action, 
not  idle  postponement  to  another  day.  After  describing  the 
attempt  to  get  round,  how  it  failed  by  the  slipperiness  of  the 
older  surface  when  stepped  upon  through  the  soft  fresh  snow, 
and  how  the  weight  of  the  cattle  made  them  to  break  in  and 
become  fixed,  Polybius  says,  not  that  Hannibal  pitched  his 
camp  and  went  to  sleep,  but  that  he  pitched  his  camp  and 
then  set  to  work  in  earnest  with  all  hands. 

A  small  portion  only  of  the  army  can  have  got  down  to 
the  scene  of  difficulties,  when  Hannibal  commenced  the  effort 
to  vanquish  them.  If  the  text  had  spoken  less  plainly,  one 
would  still  ask — ^why  presume  delay  in  such  a  crisis  ?  Every 
man  in  the  army  had  become  accustomed  to  apply  himseK  at  a 
moment's  notice  to  the  encountering,  by  all  personal  labour,  of 
rocks,  rivers,  ravines,  and  every  natural  obstacle.  If  the  night 
of  this  first  day  was  not  such  as  to  prohibit  all  operations,  we 
may  be  sure  that  relays  of  men  were  digging  and  clearing 
throughout  that  night,  and  that  not  day  only  was  devoted  to 
this  vital  struggle.  As  to  the  actual  transit  of  the  cavalry, 
the  words  of  the  history  best  consist  with  the  notion  that  they 
went  through  early  on  the  morning  of  the  second  day,  the 
labour  which  enabled  them  to  do  so  having  been  applied  on 
the  first  day.  The  tenor  of  the  narrative  shows,  that  on  that 
second  day  Hannibal  advanced  his  encampment  to  a  part 
which  remained  free  from  snow,  below  the  scene  of  repara- 
tion :  and  the  next  note  of  time  is,  that  the  elephants  were 
got  through  with  difficulty  in  three  days  of  hard  work  and 
suffering.  But  why  three  days  more?  The  work  done  in 
favour  of  the  horse  was  work  done  in  favour  of  the  elephant. 
It  was  a  continuous  process :  i^aKoBofiei  and  olfcoSofila  are 
terms  equally  applying  to  all  parts  of  it.  The  hardships 
signified  in  KaKoiraOrjaa^,  and  predicted  of  the  three  days, 
belonged  as  much  to  the  earlier  labour  which  availed  for  the 


I 


CHAP.  III.]    Time  in  Descent.    Snow-line.    Salassi.  315 

horses  as  to  the  further  exertions  which  were  to  li'berate  the 
elephants.  Hannibal  did  not,  after  making  a  narrow  road  for 
the  smaller  animal,  begin  another  road  for  the  larger  animal. 
It  was  the  same  path  made  wider.  The  first  day's  work  gave 
a  horse-path :  the  work  of  the  second  and  third  days  gave 
it  width  for  an  elephant. 

I  insist  therefore  that  the  terms  fiia  and  rpia-l,  introduced 
as  they  are  into  this  narrative  of  the  descent,  do  not  warrant 
the  addition  of  one  and  three  to  the  day  of  starting,  so  as  to 
make  five  spent  in  vanquishing  the  obstruction.  And  I  claim 
cf  those,  to  whom  the  author's  meaning  may  seem  doubtfully 
expressed,  that  they  will  lean  to  a  construction  that  shall 
make  him  consistent  with  himself.  I  certainly  think,  that  you 
best  consult  the  context  of  the  narrative,  if  you  believe  that 
the  labour  which  liberated  the  elephants,  being  the  labour  of 
three  days,  was  undergone  on  the  eleventh,  the  twelfth,  and 
the  thirteenth  days  of  Alps.  If  the  descent  began  on  a 
Monday,  the  Kprjfivol  were  vanquished  on  the  Wednesday. 
And  now,  to  close  the  reckoning,  it  is  to  be  shown  that 
Hannibal  would  touch  the  plain  of  Italy  on  the  Friday. 

The  scheme  of  reckoning,  to  which  I  am  taking  objection, 
after  stretching  the  three  days  of  reparation  into  five,  gives 
three  days  more  for  reaching  the  plain,  so  making  altogether 
eight :  this  is  by  virtue  of  the  word  Tpiralo^,  as  if  the  word 
signified  "  in  three  days  :"  but  such  is  not  the  force  of  the 
w^ord  :  the  expression  of  Polybius  is,  Tptrato?  cltto  Kprjfivcov 
ij-^aro  Twv  iiriireBcov — in  the  third  day  from  the  precipices 
Hannibal  touched  the  plain.  Those  who  require  ''  three  days 
more,"  exclude  the  day  on  which  the  repair  was  finished,  and 
on  which  the  elephants  passed  away  from  the  scene  of 
obstruction.  But  that  day  is  to  be  reckoned  as  one  of  the 
three:  if  I  have  quitted  London  on  a  Wednesday,  I  am 
TpiTam  airo  London,  in  my  third  day  from  London,  on  the 
Friday :  and  this  i&  so,  whether  I  began  my  journey  at  day- 


316  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  vil. 

break  or  in  the  afternoon.  In  the  5 2d  chapter  all  under- 
stand in  T6TapTato<;  the  fourth  day  of  movement  from  the 
town.  If  Polybius  had  there  filled  up  the  expression  as  he 
has  the  one  before  us,  and  had  written  T€TapTato<;  airo 
woXeo)?,  you  would  not  have  understood  four  days  more 
besides  the  day  of  quitting  the  town.  ne/x7rTa?09  airo 
Ylio-Siv  imports  the  fifth  day  of  navigation  from  Pisse.  So 
TpLTaio<;  airo  Kprjfivwv  imports  the  third  day  of  progress 
from  the  "mauvais  pas  :"  the  actual  day  of  quitting  it  being 
included  in  the  reckoning.  That  day  was  the  thirteenth  day 
of  Alps  :  the  progress  of  the  beasts  would  not  be  delayed  for 
one  unnecessary  moment,  and  the  day  which  overcame  the 
fcprj/jLvoi  must  be  deemed  the  first  dirb  Kprjfiv&v,  the  day  of 
escape  from  them. 

'  The  first  day  from  the  precipice  being  thus  the  thirteenth 
of  Alps,  it  follows  that  Hannibal  was  TpiTato<;  airo  Kprjfivwv 
on  the  fifteenth  day  :  and  our  case  is  proved,  though  not 
t)0  the  satisfaction  of  those,  who  say  that  this  would  have 
required  an  impossible  degree  of  speed.  Let  us  then 
inquire  what  it  was  that  happened  on  that  third  day.  What 
means  r^-^aro  tcov  eTrnrehoDv  ?  Are  we  to  understand  that 
the  whole  army  arrived  into  the  plain  on  that  day,  elephants 
and  all,  with  the  !N'umidians  and  whatever  force  had  been  left 
for  extricating  them  ?  By  no  means.  I  do  not  conceive  that 
a,ny  one  portion  of  the  army,  unless  perhaps  Hannibal  and 
his  personal  staff,  was  both  at  the  place  of  precipice  on  the 
fet  of  those  three  days,  and  in  the  plain  on  the  last.  It  may 
be  that  he  superintended  in  person  the  safe  extrication  of  the 
elephants :  and  he  may  have  been  among  the  first  in  the 
plain.  But  the  words  of  the  history  require  neither.  In  the 
narrative  "  Hannibal "  and  "  the  Carthaginians  "  are  often 
convertible  terms  :  and  the  words  here  employed  are  correct 
0,nd  intelligible,  even  if  on  that  third  day  his  head-quarters 
js^ere  remaining  at  Aosta  or  Verres.     They  do  not  import  that 


CHAP.  III.]    Time  in  Descent    Snow-line.    Salassi.  317 

the  Carthaginians,  as  a  mass,  had  occupied  the  plain ;  nor  do 
they  import  any  speed  of  movement  measurable  by  a  rate  of 
walking.  No  time  is  predicated  for  the  duration  of  an  act. 
TpiTalo(;  gives  date  to  an  event  by  its  distance  from  a  prior 
event.  We  learn  from  it  that  the  touching  of  the  plain  by 
those  who  first  touched  it  took  place  on  the  third  day  of 
moving  from  the  precipice  by  those  who  last  left  it. 

The  statement,  of  Hannibal  collecting  his  force  and  cominf^ 
down,  <TVva6poiaa<i  ofiov  iraaav  Trjv  BvvafjLtv  KarijBaive,  seems 
to  have  been  looked  upon,  as  aiding  the  notion  of  the  army 
making  a  given  three  days'  march  between  the  two  termini. 
To  me  they  only  convey  the  idea,  that,  from  the  moment 
when  the  rescue  of  the  elephants  was  secured,  and  the  hesi- 
tation which  might  be  caused  by  the  detention  of  the 
extreme  rear  was  removed,  the  progress  as  of  an  army  was 
again  brought  into  full  activity,  and  the  continuity  of  the 
column  of  march  restored.  2vva6polaa<;  certainly  suggests 
the  idea  of  bringing  bodies  of  men  from  various  directions 
into  one  central  mass.  It  can  mean  no  such  thing  here.  A 
centre  supposes  radii ;  the  only  radius  here  was  the  onward 
line  to  Italy.  It  is  not  credible  that  the  soldiers  were 
allowed  to  disperse  themselves  into  the  lateral  valleys. 
During  the  short  time  which  intervened  between  the  passage 
of  men  and  horses  and  that  of  the  elephants,  the  cavalry  and 
a  good  portion  of  the  army  were  moving  forwards,  into  and 
down  the  main  avenue  to  the  plain ;  a  sufficient  force  remain- 
ing to  conduct  and  protect  the  work  on  the  mountain.  One 
cannot  believe  that  this  numerous  host  stood  still,  all  waiting 
for  the  elephants.  The  richer  part  of  the  valley,  about  and 
below  Aosta,  must  have  been  greedily  sought ;  so  that,  when 
the  compulsory  halt  of  the  rear  had  ceased,  and  the  advance 
was  again  the  advance  of  all,  a^  uggested  by  '2vvaOpoicra<i, 
&c.,  the  leading  squadrons  may*  have  been  as  near  to  the 
plain  which  thej  sought  as  to  the  summit  which  they  had  left. 


'^ 


318  Polyhius  mterpreted,  [part  vir. 

There  is  one  critic  who  seems  to  think  that  the  horses  and 
smaller  beasts  remained  on  the  mountain,  until  the  elephants 
.were  released  from  their  detention.  The  anonymous  of  Cam- 
bridge (p.  17),  in  one  of  his  efforts  to  correct  others,  undertakes 
to  interpret  the  words  ravra  fiev  evdew^  Siayaycbv  BcacffijKe 
.7rpb<;  Ta<;  v6/jba<; ;  and  he  conceives,  not  that  the  cavalry  were 
sent  down  by  Hannibal  to  the  valley,  but  that  "  he  turned  out 
"  the  tired  cattle  to  pasture,  of  course  under  cover  of  the 
"  entrenchments,  where  they  would  be  as  safe  as  by  the  walls 
'*  of  a  fortified  city."*  Hannibal  had  better  care  of  his 
horses  than  to  send  them  to  graze  in  the  fresh  mountain 
snow,  when  a  rich  valley  promised  provender  at  a  few  miles' 
distance.  As  to  their  shivering  under  the  favour  of  Alpine 
entrenchments,  I  doubt  that  the  mountain  regions  witnessed 
any  entrenchments  at  all. 

I  believe  I  have  rightly  explained  the  proposition  that 
Hannibal  on  the  third  day  from  the  precipice,  touched  the 
plain.  On  the  first  of  those  three  days  there  was  no  whole 
army  at  or  about  the  precipice  :  on  the  last  of  them  there 
was  no  whole  army  in  the  plain.  Those  who  have  been 
startled  with  the  extraordinary  speed  of  a  great  army  trans- 
ferring itself  from  the  summit  or  from  La  Tuile  into  the 
plain  of  Italy  in  three  days,  must  be  told  that  the  words  of 
the  history  do  not  contain  such  an  idea  :  they  do  not  exhibit 
26,000  men  disgorged  from  the  Alps  ;  they  represent  rather 
those  who  were  at  the  head  of  the  column  stepping  out  of 
mountain  into  plain.  This  event  was  the  earnest  of  triumph 
over  the  great  barrier :  and,  when  interpreters  of  Polybius, 
after  telling  the  day  of  the  elephants'  liberation,  quote  as  a 
thing  not  credible,  that  in  three  days  more  the  armament 
was  encamped  in  the  plain,  they  would  report  more  truly, 
if  they  said  that  on  the  third  day  of  that  liberation,  Hannibal 

*  Dissertation  by  a  member  of  the  University  of  Cambridge. 
1830.     P.  17;        '      •         - , 


CHAP.  III.]    Time  in  Descent     Snmv-line.     Salassi.  319 

touched  the  plain.  "ATrrofiat  imports  the  contact  of  the  end 
of  a  line  with  another  body ;  as  when  a  rope  hangs  from  a 
beam ;  so  here,  when  the  foremost  point  of  a  long  thin  line 
of  march,  threading  the  way  through  mountains,  first  gains 
the  expanse  of  plain  which  is  beyond.  When  at  Newmarket 
or  Epsom  the  winner's  nose  is  at  the  post,  the  word  for  that 
crisis  is  airrofiai,  Hannibal  won  his  race  and  defeated  the 
Alps,  when  his  foremost  banner  waved  in  the  Dorian  plain. 

This  notice  of  time  may  be  thought  tedious  and  minute. 
I  have  desired  to  show,  that  Polybius  is  free  from  the  contra- 
diction which  is  imputed  to  him :  his  words  may  not  be 
clearly  apprehended  on  a  first  reading.  But,  after  reasonable 
attention,  they  cease  to  be  obscure.  To  my  mind  they  import 
that  the  Carthaginian  armament  commenced  the  descent  at 
daybreak  on  the  eleventh  day  of  Alps,  and  met  with  an 
obstruction  that  same  morning ;  one  day's  labour  enabled  all 
but  the  elephants  to  proceed  on  their  march ;  three  days' 
labour,  not  three  days  more,  was  required  before  these  could 
move  on  with  the  force  which  had  remained  with  them.  On 
the  third  day  of  their  liberation,  being  the  fifteenth  day  of 
Alps,  the  invaders  hailed  the  plain  of  Italy. 


Dr.  Arnold  on  the  Snow-line. 

The  bold  writer,  who  ventured  to  suggest  the  pass  of 
Hannibal  to  have  been  one  by  which  you  may  pass  from 
the  higher  Arc  into  the  Vale  of  Vin,  could  not  have  escaped 
the  necessity  of  committing  the  Carthaginians  to  tracts  of 
enduring  ice  and  snow.  But  one  was  hardly  prepared  to  find 
that  predicament  engrafted  on  a  more  sober  theory.  If 
Hannibal  transgressed  the  snow-line,  cb  fortiori  the  earlier 
Gaulish  invaders,  who  trod  the  Great  St.  Bernard,  must  have 
done  so.  But,  after  studying  the  perils  of  the  snowy  regions 
in  the  tales  of  modern  adventurers,  moving  two,,  three,  or  four 


320  PolyUus  interpreted.  [part  vir. 

together,  with  the  complement  of  professional  guides,  one 
listens  with  distrust  to  an  invasion  of  these  solitudes  by  a 
party  of  thirty  thousand  men  with  arms  and  accompaniments  ; 
and,  when  one  of  high  attainments  and  respected  authority 
presses  the  fact  for  our  acceptance,  it  claims  grave  attention. 

In  Dr.  Arnold's  "  History  of  Eome,"  iii.  c.  43,  we  read  as 
follows  : — "  Hannibal  was  on  the  summit  of  the  Alps  about 
"  the  end  of  October :  the  first  winter  snows  had  already 
**  fallen ;  but  two  hundred  years  before  the  Christian  era, 
"  when  all  Germany  was  one  vast  forest,  the  climate  of  the 
*'  Alps  was  far  colder  than  at  present,  and  the  snow  lay  on 
*'  the  passes  all  through  the  year.'*  He  says  further  in  the 
note :  "  It  is  clear,  either  that  Hannibal  passed  by  some 
*'  much  higher  point  than  the  present  roads  over  the  Little 
"  St.  Bernard  or  Mont  Cenis ;  or  else,  as  is  highly  probable, 
"  that  the  limit  of  perpetual  snow  reached  to  a  much  lower 
**  level  in  the  Alps  than  it  does  at  present.  For  the  passage 
"  of  the  main  chain  is  described  as  wholly  within  this  limit ; 
"  and  the  '  old  snow '  which  Polybius  speaks  of  was  no  acci- 
*'  dental  patch,  such  as  will  linger  through  the  summer  at  a 
"  very  low  level  in  crevices  or  sunless  ravines;  but  it  was 
"  the  general  covering  of  the  pass,  which  forbade  all  vegeta- 
"  tion,  and  remained  alike  in  summer  as  in  winter.  How 
"  great  a  contrast  to  the  blue  lake,  the  green  turf,  the  sheep 
*'  and  cattle  freely  feeding  on  every  side,  tended  by  their 
"  shepherds,  and  the  bright  hues  of  the  thousand  flowers, 
"  which  now  delight  the  summer  traveller  on  the  Col  of  the 
*' Little  St.  Bernard!" 

I  believe  these  notions  to  be  erroneous.  It  seems  to  me, 
that  we  need  not  desire  any  higher  point  than  the  present 
track  affords  over  this  mountain,  nor  assume  a  change  of 
climate  for  reconciling  that  track  with  the  history.  I  do  not 
understand  that  Polybius  describes  the  passage  of  the  main 
chain,  or  any  part   of  it,  as  within  the  limit  of  perpetual 


CHAP.  III.]    Time  in  Descent.     Snow-line.     Salassi.  321 

snow ;  and  I  believe  that  tlie  old  snow  spoken  of  was  just 
that  which  Dr.  Arnold  says  it  was  not,  "  such  as  will  linger 
"  through  the  summer  at  a  very  low  level  in  crevices  or 
"  sunless  ravines." 

Let  us  examine  the  narrative,  and  consider  whether 
Polybius  intended  "  that  the  passage  of  the  main  chain  was 
really  within  the  limit  of  perpetual  snow."  Such  an  impres- 
sion has  been  caused  by  these  words  of  the  historian  :  "  They 
"  (the  elephants)  had  come  to  be  in  a  wretched  state  from 
''  hunger  ;  for  all  the  highest  tops  of  the  Alps,  and  the  parts 
"  reaching  up  to  the  heights,  are  utterly  without  trees  and 
"  bare,  because  of  the  snow  remaining  continually,  both 
"  summer  and  winter."  This  notice  of  the  unproductiveness 
of  the  high  Alps  is  called  for,  in  showing  that  the  elephants 
were  in  a  miserable  plight  by  want  of  food.  Constant  snow, 
it  is  said,  causes  the  higher  Alps  to  be  without  trees  and 
naked — ahevhpa  koI  yJnXd.  These  negative  terms  are  not 
sufficient  to  characterise  the  pure  mass  above  the  snow-line  ; 
and  we  look  to  context,  to  know  with  what  degree  of  strict- 
ness (7i»ve%ft)9  iirtfjiiveiv  is  to  be  received.  If,  in  a  philosophic 
discussion  of  the  temperature  and  measurement  of  mountains 
by  De  Saussure  or  Forbes,  we  should  find  it  laid  down  that 
snow  remains  constantly  on  a  particular  summit,  our  thoughts 
would  advert  to  the  snow-line.  But  Polybius  was  not  so 
employed  :  what  he  says  of  bareness  and  barrenness,  and  the 
cause  of  it,  is  introduced  only  as  accounting  for  the  fact  that 
the  elephants  were  in  a  very  bad  plight  by  the  time  when 
they  escaped  from  their  detention.  Those  beasts  might  well 
be  out  of  condition,  without  being  above  the  snow-line  :  the 
last  possible  day  on  which  any  supply  of  provender  can  have 
been  obtained,  was  before  that  of  the  barbarian  attack :  if  any 
had  been  got  then,  still  five  days  at  least  elapsed,  in  which 
their  stock  of  food  received  no  reinforcement. 

We  may  well  believe  that  the  Graian  Alp  in  218  B.C.  pro- 

VOL.  I.  T 


322  Polyhius  interpreted.  [part  vil. 

duced  no  store  for  their  supply.  The  same  is  true  of  that 
mountain  at  this  day,  and,  I  should  think,  of  all  the  rival 
passes,  though  they  too  do  not  reach  the  snow-line,  and  some 
are  far  milder  than  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  This  fact  is 
quite  consistent  with  the  sheep  and  shepherds  that  delight 
the  eye  of  the  summer  traveller,  the  cow  pasturing  by  the 
waters  of  the  blue  lake,  and  the  gentians  and  rhododendrons 
known  to  smile  on  the  margin  of  glaciers.  In  Hannibal's 
time  there  were  probably  no  residents  between  Bourg  St. 
Maurice  and  La  Tuile,  perhaps  not  higher  than  Pre  St.  Pidier ; 
and,  if  the  elephants  at  La  Tuile  had  to  rely  on  provisions 
grown  in  the  country  above  that  place,  their  lives  were  un- 
questionably in  danger.  The  cause  imputed  is  climate: 
passes  of  Alps,  Grimsel,  or  Graian,  have  at  no  season  a  sure 
vacation  from  snow  :  hence  barrenness  and  bareness  of  surface ; 
hence  the  risk  of  starvation  to  a  large  animal  coming  from  a 
milder  region.  Such  cause  and  such  effect  the  historian 
imparts  in  the  words  under  consideration.  Knowing  some- 
thing of  the  Alps,  and  writing  for  those  who  knew  nothing, 
he  meant  to  tell  that  the  cold  and  snow,  to  which  those 
higher  regions  are  always  subject,  prohibit  a  vegetation  that 
will  meet  an  unusual  demand  for  the  support  of  animal  life  : 
but  he  had  no  intention  to  describe  the  full  incident  of  per- 
petual snow,  nor  was  the  snow-line  of  the  philosopher  present 
to  his  mind. 

It  seems  to  me,  that  every  circumstance  of  the  story  which 
Polybius  tells,  proves  that  the  old  snow  was  not  "  the  general 
covering  of  the  Pass."  It  is  only  said  to  have  been  met  witli 
in  the  attempt  to  circumvent  the  ruptured  path,  which  was  at 
a  level  far  below  that  of  the  summit.  We  know  that  the  fall 
is  much  steeper  on  the  Piemont  side  than  on  the  Savoy  side. 
If  there  was  perpetual  snow  at  this  part  of-  the  descent,  there 
must  have  been  perpetual  snow  for  a  considerable  tract  of  the 
ascent :  if  the  aTroppo)^  was  within  the  snow-line,  the  XevKo- 


CHAP,  iil]     Time  in  Descent.     Snmv-line.     Salassi.  323 

TTCTpov  can  hardly  have  been  out  of  it.  And  yet  snow  is  not 
commemorated  in  the  ascent :  the  arrival  of  the  aiiiiy  at  the 
summit,  their  encampment,  and  the  waiting  for  stragglers  to 
come  up,  has  all  been  told  before  ever  the  idea  of  snow  is 
introduced  into  the  story :  it  is  mentioned  then,  as  a  new 
cause  of  gloom  and  dejection  to  the  suffering  soldiers :  "  Snow 
"  having  by  this  time  become  collected  about  the  tops  of  the 
"  mountains,  for  the  setting  of  the  Pleias  was  at  hand." 

Seeing  that  snow  is  only  introduced  at  this  period  of  the 
narrative,  as  a  proper  incident  of  the  season,  first  causing 
alarm  after  they  had  reached  the  plain  of  the  summit,  one 
can  hardly  suppose  that  the  perils  of  the  ascent  had  been 
aggravated  by  struggles  above  the  snow-line  ;  indeed,  when 
snow  is  first  spoken  of,  it  is  only  said  to  be  collecting  about 
the  mountain  peaks,  ire  pi  to  1)9  a/cpov<;.  In  the  descent  we 
read  of  it  as  a  special  and  grievous  embarrassment :  it  is  put 
in  contrast  with  the  perils  of  the  ascent.  The  history  says 
that  they  hardly  fell  in  with  an  enemy ;  but  that  the  loss 
was  nevertheless  almost  equal  to  that  of  the  ascent,  from 
the  bad  ground  and  the  snow  which  concealed  the  stepping- 
place  from  view.  He  who  wrote  thus,  cannot  have  conceived 
any  portion  of  the  track  of  ascent  to  lie  above  the  snow- 
line. 

As  to  the  actual  summit.  Dr.  Liddell,  as  well  as  Dr.  Arnold, 
has  apprehended  perpetual  snow.  Having  stated,  i.  342,  the 
halt  on  the  summit,  he  says :  "It  was  now  near  the  end  of 
"  October.  The  last  year's  snow,  frozen  into  ice,  lay  thick  at 
"  the  top  of  the  Pass."  Dr.  Arnold  predicates  perpetual  snow, 
not  only  of  the  summit,  but  of  parts  far  below,  that  is,  of  the 
mountain  slope  to  which  the  ruptured  path  belonged.  If 
this  were  so,  the  whole  Carthaginian  armament  must  have 
been  for  three  days  and  nights  above  the  snow-line,  and  a 
portion  of  it,  including  the  elephants,  for  a  longer  period :  it 
fairly  raises  the  question,  whether  the  old  snow  of  Polybius 

Y  2 


324  FolyUus  interpreted,  [part  Vil. 

was  an  accidental  patch  or  the  general  covering  of  the 
pass. 

Can  there  be  doubt  on  such  a  question  ?  The  phenomenon 
of  old  snow  under  new  snow  is  noted  by  Polybius,  not  in  the 
path  of  descent,  not  where  they  found  the  path  to  be  broken 
away,  but  only  in  that  place  by  which  Hannibal  tried  to  get 
round  the  broken  path.  It  is  there  that  he  gives  a  minute 
description  of  incidents  dangerous  to  men  and  cattle,  caused 
by  the  soft  fresh  snow  melting  under  their  tread,  and  having 
beneath  it  the  hard  old  snow.  By  these  incidents  the  hope 
was  frustrated  of  circumventing  that  obstruction  to  the  march, 
the  extent  of  which  is  defined.  The  phenomenon  was  purely 
local ;  and,  when  Hannibal  was  compelled  to  desist  from  his 
experiment,  he  encamped.  This  encamping  was  not  impeded 
by  old  snow  under  new  snow  :  he  cleared  his  ground  without 
difficulty,  because  that  singular  embarrassment  did  not  in- 
terfere with  this  proceeding,  which  only  required  the  removal 
of  snow  lately  fallen.  We  observe  also  that  on  the  next  day, 
when  the  road  was  sufficiently  repaired  for  all  but  the 
elephants,  the  camp  was  shifted  to  a  part  beyond  the  300 
yards  of  injury,  which  had  escaped  the  snows  altogether — 
Trepl  Tovg  iK^evyovTa<;  rjBrj  ttjv  yiova  tottov^;.^  Polybius 
says  that,  straightway  carrying  those  through,  evdicoq  Bca- 
yaya>v  (that  is,  all  but  the  elephants),  and  encamping  on 
those  places,  Hannibal  sent  them  away  to  the  pastures : 
he  then  set  the  Numidians,  by  relays,  to  the  construction 
of  the  road. 

It  seems  that  the  account  of  this  obstruction  to  the  march, 
so  related  in  the  history,  did  not  reconcile  Dr.  Arnold  to  the 

*  The  Oxford  Dissertation  gives  this  translation,  p.  224  :  "when 
"  these  were  immediately  led  down  to  the  plains  which  were  free 
"  from  snow,  and  sent  to  pasture."  The  freedom  from  snow  is 
predicated  by  Polybius,  not  of  the  pastures,  but  of  the  scene  of 
encampment. 


CHAP.  III.]    Time  in  Descent     Snow-line.     Salassi.  325 

idea  of  a  chasm  holding  the  accumulated  snow :  and  it  is 
true  that,  however  strongly  suggested,  no  Greek  word  is 
employed,  which  represents  the  particular  thing.  But  is 
there  any  other  explanation,  consistent  with  the  history  ? 
Dr.  Arnold  for  himself  gives  this  statement.  Hist.  iii.  c.  43  : 
"  At  last,  they  came  to  a  place,  where  an  avalanche  had 
"  carried  away  the  track  altogether  for  about  three  hundred 
"  yards,  leaving  the  mountain  side  a  mere  wreck  of  scattered 
"  rocks  and  snow.  To  go  round  was  impossible :  for  the  depth 
"  of  snow  on  the  heights  above  rendered  it  hopeless  to  scale 
"  them.     Nothing  therefore  was  left  but  to  repair  the  road." 

According  to  this  statement,  no  attempt  to  go  round  was 
made  ;  and,  if  it  had  been  made,  it  would  have  been  by 
scaling  the  heights  above.     Now  Polybius  relates  that  an 
attempt  was  made  :  he  gives  a  most  particular  description  of 
the  attempt,  with  the  causes  of  its  failure  :  and  it  is  quite 
clear  to  me,  that  the  attempt  was  made,  not  by  the  heights 
above,  which  would  have  been  a  change  from  bad  to  worse,  but 
by  the  hollow  beneath.  This  was  found  impracticable,  because 
a  thing  had  happened  there,  namely,  the  fresh  snow  with  the 
last  year's  snow  under  it,  which  was  tStov  koI  TraprfXXar/fiivov  ; 
proper  to  the  spot,  and  unusual  in  its  degree.      This  circum- 
stance is  stated  as  the  reason  for  desisting  from  the  attempt : 
it  could  not  be  tScov,  if  all  surrounding  parts  had  been  above 
the  snow-line ;  it  would  then  have  been  the  permanent  and 
usual  predicament  of  the  mountain.   The  description,  together 
Avdth  the  facts,  is  only  intelligible,  as  of  snow  abiding  in  a 
hollow  chasm  between  mountains.     The  encampment  of  the 
first  day,  the  new  encampment  of  the  second  day,  and  every 
incident  of  the  story  is  inconsistent  with  the  notion  that  this 
mountain  was  within  the  limit  of  perpetual  snow  ;  and  com- 
pels us  to  see  that  the  old  snow  of  Polybius  was  precisely 
that  which  lingers  through  the  summer  in  a  sunless  ravine. 
Such  is  the  trough  of  the  Baltea  torrent  at  a  short  distance 


826  Polyhms  i7iterpreted,  [part  Vll. 

below  La  Tuile  :  and  from  time  to  time,  in  these  our  days,  the 
place  continues  to  tell  its  own  tale. 

Dr.  Arnold  on  the  Salassi. 

The  non-resistance  of  this  people  contributed  to  make  Dr. 
Arnold  incredulous  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  He  says, 
p.  90  :  "  After  the  two  days'  rest  the  descent  began.  Hanni- 
"  bal  experienced  no  more  open  hostility  from  the  barbarians, 
"  only  some  petty  attempts  here  and  there  to  plunder :  a  fact 
"  strange  in  itself,  but  doubly  so,  if  he  was  really  descending 
"  the  valley  of  the  Doria  Baltea,  through  the  country  of  the 
"  Salassi,  the  most  untameable  robbers  of  all  the  Alpine  bar- 
"  barians."  In  the  note  M.  we  read  :  "  The  Salassians  of  that 
"  valley  were  such  untameable  robbers,  that  they  once  even 
"  plundered  Caesar's  baggage,  and  Augustus  at  last  extirpated 
"  them  by  wholesale.  And  yet  Hannibal  on  the  Italian  side 
'*  of  the  main  chain  sustains  little  or  no  annoyance."  Dr. 
Arnold  might  safely  have  credited  this  freedom  from  annoy- 
ance in  the  Val  d'Aosta.  Strabo,  indeed,  reports  the  plunder 
of  Caesar's  baggage  ^by  the  Salassi.  This  people  held  out 
bravely  against  the  domination  of  Eome.  Why  should  they 
at  any  time  have  been  unwilling  witnesses  of  the  advance  of 
an  enemy  to  Eome  ?  Some  Gauls  on  the  .outer  side,  and 
Inalpine  nations  whose  countiy  was  invaded,  had  been 
hostile  to  this  strange  force,  having  no  sympathy  with,  and 
not  comprehending  the  object  of  the  expedition.  But  in 
the  valley  of  the  Doria  Hannibal  found  himself  in  what 
may  be  called  the  great  Gaulish  duct  into  Italy.  Mebuhr, 
speaking  from  a  quotation  of  Cato  by  Pliny,  classes  the 
Salassi  among  those  who  composed  the  great  irruption  of 
Gauls  through  the  Alps  ;  and  supposes  them  to  have  re- 
mained in  those  mountains  and  mountain  valleys  when  others 
advanced  through  the  last  barrier   onward  to   the  plain.* 

*  Translation.     Hare  and  Thirlwall,  ii.  335. 


CHAP.  IV.]   Passes  between  L.  St.  Bernard  and  Cents.  327 

Why  should  not  the  masters  of  that  valley,  though  fierce 
and  given  to  plunder  as  mountaineers,  have  sympathised 
with  rather  than  counteracted  the  designs  of  their  brethren 
in  the  plain?  Some  plunder  might  be  made  by  indivi- 
duals ;  but  all  probability  is  in  favour  of  the  Salassi  being 
as  a  nation  friendly  to  the  Carthaginian  invasion.  The 
passage  of  Strabo  that  we  are  referred  to,  telling  the  last 
struggle  for  independence  made  by  their  descendants  against 
the  tyranny  of  Augustus,  leads  us  to  believe  that  they  would 
at  any  time  be  inclined  to  the  Gaulish  confederacies  against 
Eome,  and,  at  the  time  we  speak  of,  to  that  which  was  ripened 
under  the  auspices  of  Hannibal. 


CHAPTEK  IV. 

On  Passes  hetween  Little  St.  Bernard  and  the  Cents. 
i  Brockedon.     Albanis  Beaumont 

When  Dr.  Arnold  expressed  his  disbelief  of  the  speed 
which  he  understood  to  belong  to  the  descent  as  told  by 
Polybius,  he  was  waiting  to  learn,  whether  by  further  ascend- 
ing the  Isere  beyond  Scez,  there  might  not  be  found  some 
track  through  the  chain  of  Alps,  not  quite  so  far  northward 
as  that  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  and  by  which  the  march 
would  be  shorter  from  the  summit  to  the  plain.  In  the  same 
note  he  proceeds  to  say :  "  I  have  often  wished  to  examine 
"  the  pass,  which  goes  to  the  actual  head  of  the  Is^re,  by 
"  Mont  Iseran,  and  descends  by  Usseglio,*  not  exactly  on 
"  Turin,  but  nearly  at  Chivasso,  where  the  Po,  from  running 

*  Usseglio  here  is  a  mistake  :  this  place  is  on  the  Chiara  above 
Viu. 


328  Polyhim  interp-eted.  [part  vii. 

"  N.  and  s.,  turns  to  run  E.  and  w."  This  accords  with  what  he 
had  said  in  July,  1830  :  "  The  Little  St.  Bernard  is  not  at  the 
'*  source  of  the  Is^re,  but  some  miles  below  it.  If  Cramer's 
"  statement  fail  anywhere,  I  have  always  imagined  that  it 
"  was  here,  and  that  the  army  might  possibly  have  followed 
*'  the  Is^re  higher  up  than  he  imagines,  and  descended  into  a 
"  valley  which  would  take  them  more  directly  down  upon 
•'  Turin.  The  passes  between  the  Little  St.  Bernard  and  Mont 
"  Cenis  are  almost  the  only  points  which  I  believe  have  not 
"  been  examined." — Stanley  s  Life,  letter  18. 

That  note  may  have  been  written  long  before  the  history 
to  which  it  is  appended.  The  curiosity  expressed  concerning 
intermediate  tracks  was  reasonable,  especially  in  one  who  had 
a  distrust  of  the  pretensions  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  That 
curiosity  would  have  been  satisfied  with  information  given  in 
Blackwood's  Magazine  of  January,  March,  April,  May,  and 
August,  1836,  as  "  Extracts  from  the  Journals  of  an  Alpine 
Traveller."  That  traveller  was  Mr.  Brockedon,  one  who,  as  a 
resolute  and  persevering  explorer  of  Alpine  tracks,  had  no 
equal.  I  heard  of  his  death  when  I  was  at  Aix  in  1854 : 
and  deeply  did  I,  with  many,  deplore  his  loss  ;  he  was  a  man 
as  much  respected  for  his  talents  and  varied  attainments,  as 
he  was  beloved  for  his  amiable  and  friendly  nature.  I  am 
not  aware  that  the  instruction  contained  in  those  extracts  is 
to  be  found  in  any  of  the  works  published  with  his  name. 
Many  passes  over  the  main  chain  are  there  explained, 
between  the  Little  St.  Bernard  and  the  Mont  Cenis  :  and  that 
which  is  particularly  pointed  to  by  Dr.  Arnold,  as  going  by 
the  actual  head  of  the  Is^re,  receives  an  ample  notice,  such  as, 
if  read,  would  have  erased  that  pass,  the  Galese,  from  the  list 
of  possibles,  to  Dr.  Arnold's  mind. 

There  are  many  passes  into  Piemont,  both  from  the  valley 
of  the  Isere  above  Scez,  and  from  the  valley  of  the  Arc  above 
Lanslebourg.     From  the  former,  there  are  the  Col  du  Mont, 


CHAP.  IV.]    Passes  between  L,  St.  Bernard  and  Cenis.  329 

known  to  Mr.  Brockedon,  and  the  Col  de  Clou,  both-  caiTying 
you  into  the  Val  Grisanche,  down  which  you  come  into  the 
Val  d'Aosta  at  Livrogne  :  the  summits  of  these  two  passes  are 
at  about  the  level  of  the  snow-line.  Higher  up  the  Is^re, 
you  may  turn  over  the  Col  de  Eeme,  from  whence  the  Val 
Eemy  takes  you  into  the  Val  d'Aosta  at  Villeneuve.  Pursuing 
the  Ts^re  to  his  source,  and  ascending  his  glacier,  you  come  to 
a  difficult  and  dangerous  pass,  by  which  you  arrive  at  the 
sources  of  the  Oreo,  whose  courses  will  bring  you  by  Courgne 
to  Chivasso.  This  is  called  the  Galese :  Mr.  Brockedon 
knew  it  well ;  that  glacier  lay  before  him,  when  he  turned, 
from  La  Val  to  cross  the  Mont  Iseran,  which  stands  on  the 
Savoy  side,  having  at  its  south-eastern  base  the  early  stream 
of  the  Arc.  On  the  Piemont  side,  he  was  more  than  once  at 
the  same  point  near  the  source  of  the  Oreo  :  on  one  occasion 
he  returned,  and  went  north  from  Ponte,  walking  over  the 
Col  de  Eeale  and  the  Fenetre  de  Cogne  to  Aosta :  on  another, 
after  surveying  Mont  Iseran  and  the  surrounding  peaks  from 
the  crest  of  the  ridge,  he  proceeded  some  way  down  the 
glacier  itself;  and  returning,  not  quite  to  Ceresol,  went  over 
the  Mont  de  Nivolet  and  by  the  Val  Savaranche  to  Villeneuve. 
If  the  summit  of  that  Isbre  pass  approaches,  as  we  are  told, 
11,000  feet,  and  the  details  of  difficulty  deserve  the  credit 
which  I  fully  give  to  them,  we  may  rest  assured,  that  the 
crags  of  the  Galese  would  fatally  arrest  the  progress  of  a 
company  of  infantry,  even  with  the  amplest  supplies,  and  the 
fullest  exemption  from  human  hostility.  No  armament  will 
ever  rest  on  that  backbone  of  ice. 

The  passes  of  the  main  chain  from  the  Arc  above  Lansle- 
bourg  I  believe  to  be  five  :  of  these,  the  three  more  southern 
courses,  the  Col  du  Lautaret  (called  by  some  L'Autaret),  the 
Col  d'Arnas  and'tEe  Col  du  Colarin,  are  mentioned  in  the 
Extracts  I  have  spoken  of :  one  higher  up  I  see  in  the  maps 
as  Col  d'Insea  :  and  the  highest  of  all,  Col  Girard,  is  sane- 


A 


330  Polyhius  interpreted.  [PART  Vii. 

tioned  by  the  authority  of  Mr.  Brockedon  in  "  Selections 
from  the  Diary  of  a  Traveller  in  the  Alps/'  given  in  Fraser's 
Magazine  for  February,  1839.  The  most  southerly  of  all 
these,  in  his  Journal  of  January,  1836,  before  mentioned, 
-  V^#*^'  Mr.  Brockedon  has  given  an  account  of  as  explored  by 
,,A  JX.  himself;  the  Col  du  Lautaret.  Eor  reaching  this  pass,  as 
well  as  that  by  the  Col  d'Arnas  (which  is  far  more  difficult), 


6t 


V 


n 


^  .     you  turn  from  the  valley  of  the  Arc  at  Bessans,  a  place  about 


half-way  between  Lanslebourg  and  Bonreval,  which  is  at  the 
foot  of  the  ascent  of  Mont  Iseran.  These  two  passes  send  you 
into  one  track  on  the  Piemont  side,  near  the  sources  of  the 
Chiara,  which  runs  by  Usseglio  and  Viu  into  the  Stura  above 
Lanzo.  The  next  track,  by  the  Col  du  Colarin,  also  leaves  the 
Arc  at  Bessans,  and  carries  you  over  to  the  source  of  one 
chief  contribuent  to  the  Stura,  and  down  the  valley  of  Ala 
to  Lanzo.  Higher  up  the  Arc,  from  Vellet  according  to 
Eaymond's  map,  a  pass  over  the  Col  d'Insea  takes  you  to 
another  source  of  the  Stura,  and  down  the  Val  Forno  to 
Lanzo.  And  at  the  very  glacier  of  the  Arc  there  is  a  pass, 
called  by  Mr.  Brockedon  Col  Girard,  which  joins  the  one  last 
mentioned  in  that  same  valley  at  Gros  Cavallo. 

It  must  be  by  the  Col  du  Lautaret,  the  easiest  of  all  these, 
that  a  well-known  writer,  M.  Albanis  Beaumont,  has  stated, 
as  his  opinion,  that  the  Carthaginians  effected  the  invasion 
of  Italy.  In  his  "  Description  des  Alpes  Grecques  et  Cot- 
tiennes,"  iii.  632,  giving  account  of  diverging  tracks  in  the 
Arc  valley,  and  having  said,  "  une  branche  p^n^troit  dans  le 
pays  des  Centrons,"  he  proceeds  thus  :  "  L'autre  se  dirigeoit 
"  vers  Lans-le-Bourg,  Lans-le-Yillard,  et  Bessan ;  la  elle 
"  commen9oit  a  s'elever  au-dessus  de  la  chaine  primitive  des 
"  Alpes,  qu'elle  traversoit  et  venoit  aboutir  dans  la  vallee  de 
"  Viu  en  Pigment,  et  ensuite  k  Turin :  cette  voie,  qui  n'est 
"  gu^re  connue  maintenant  que  par  les  contrebandiers,  m'a 
"  parue,   lorsqm  je  Vai  parcouru  en   1782,  avoir  4td  celle 


GHAP.  IV.]    Passes  between  L.  St.  Bernard  and  Cents.  331 

"  qn'avoit  dH  suivre  Annibal  ponr  pen^trer  dans  les  plaines 
"  de  Lombardie.  La  situation  topographique  de  cette  m^me 
"  voie,  sa  direction,  la  distance  du  sominet  de  cette  chaine  de 
"  montagnes  des  vastes  plaines  de  la  Lombardie,  un  peu  avant 
"  d'arriver  h  Eoclie-Melon,  semblent  venir  h  I'appui  de  ma 
"  supposition.  Comme  aucun  historien  n'a  encore,  a  ma 
"  connaissance,  fait  mention  de  ce  passage,  il  servit  h  desirer 
"  que  ceux  qui  s'occupent  de  ces  sortes  de  rechercbes,  visitas- 
"  sent  cette  partie  des  Alpes,  ce  qui  ne  sauroit  que  tourner  a 
"  I'avantage  de  I'histoire,  et  jeter  des  nouvelles  lumi^res  sur 
"  un  sujet  qui  a  occup(^  jusqu'a  present  plusieurs  bommes  de 
"  lettres  tres  distingues." 

As  M.  Beaumont  tbougbt  it  so  desirable  that  some  one 
sbould  help  us  to  a  knowledge  of  tbis  pass,  and  regretted  that 
nobody  had  done  so,  we  also  may  regret  that  he  has  said 
nothing  about  it  himself,  beyond  the  fact  that  he  traversed  it. 
He  could  not  have  taught  us  less  if  he  had  stayed  at  home. 
The  curious  thing  is,  that  he  should  have  offered  to  us  both 
the  propositions :  1,  that  he  crossed  the  pass  himself  ;  2,  that 
he  thought  it  to  be  the  pass  of  Hannibal.  It  is  not  easy  to 
accept  them  both. 

The  detailed  account  which  Mr.  Brockedon  gives  of  his 
journey  over  the  Lautaret  is  most  interesting  and  amusing. 
For  the  subject  of  our  speculations,  the  Carthaginian  march, 
this  pass  would  be  about  as  improbable  as  that  of  the  Galese : 
perhaps  not  quite ;  there  is  a  story  of  its  having  once  been 
crossed  by  a  patrol  of  French  soldiers ;  and  we  know  for 
certain  that  it  has  been  traversed  by  a  mule,  which  is  a  thing 
that  could  hardly  happen  to  the  Galese.  One  who  takes 
interest  in  Alpine  things,  will  be  amply  repaid  for  a  careful 
attention  to  those  pages  of  Mr.  Brockedon  which  I  have 
mentioned.  It  is  the  number  for  January,  1836,  in  which 
you  may  study  the  exploit  of  Garinot,  Trag,  and  the  mule, 
over  the  crevasse   on   the  Lautaret :   let  any  one  tax  his 


332  PolyUus  interpreted.  [pakt  vii. 

imagination  for  bringing  upon  that  scene  30,000  men  and  a 
troop  of  elephants,  and  weigh  well,  how  far  this  route  may 
pretend  to  an  improved  accordance  with  the  postulates  of 
Polybius. 

I  have  taken  this  opportunity  of  pointing  out  the  many 
ways,  practised  by  natives  and  open  to  pedestrians  over  the 
great  Alpine  barrier,  between  the  well-known  passes  of  the 
Little  St.  Bernard  and  the  Mont  Cenis :  and  what  I  have 
adduced  rests  upon  safe  authority.  These  two  ways  have 
supplied  theories  for  our  question:  not  so,  any  which  are 
between  them.  If  Hannibal  came  up  the  Is^re  to  Bourg  St. 
Maurice,  he  took  for  his  onward  course  that  which  alone  is 
known  to  history.  The  course  over  the  Graian  Alp  is  the 
recorded  line  from  the  Po  to  the  Is^re  in  the  war  against 
Anthony  :  it  was  confirmed  by  the  erection  of  a  military  way 
under  the  empire  :  it  is  commemorated  as  a  way  to  Lyons  by 
the  geographer  Strabo  :  and  it  is  commended  by  the  great 
historian  of  the  Alps,  De  Saussure,  as  the  easiest  pass  of  all 
through  the  chain  of  those  mountains.  From  the  Mediter- 
ranean to  the  Adriatic  there  is  no  pass  of  Alps,  where  by  so 
short  and  practicable  a  mountain  line  you  move  from  one 
very  fertile  valley  to  another. 

N.B.  Though  the  Alps  only  are  my  proper  subject,  I  hope 
to  be  excused,  if  I  shall  add,  in  an  appendix,  a  few  comments 
concerning  the  first  movements  made  by  Hannibal  against 
the  Eomans,  being  the  sequel  of  the  great  enterprise  which 
we  commemorate.  For  these  also  are  distorted  with  doubt : 
and  unhappily  I  am  driven  to  differ  from  the  best  friends  of 
our  cause. 

Of  the  many  works  written  for  contesting  the  question  of 
the  Alpine  track,  there  are  but  two,  ia  which  the  line  that  I 
follow  has  been  maintained  :  the  work  of  De  Luc  and  the 
Oxford  Dissertation.     In  that   question    our  agreement  is 


CHAP.  IV.]    Passes  between  L.  St.  Bernard  and  Cenis.  333 

substantially  unbroken.  And  yet,  on  the  first  conflict  with  a 
Eoman  army,  Cramer  differs  from  De  Luc ;  and  I  am  com- 
pelled to  differ  from  both.  Among  the  most  celebrated  men 
of  our  times,  there  is  but  one,  who  has  positively  sanctioned 
the  Passage  of  Alps  which  is  supported  by  us ;  the  renowned 
Niebuhr.  But  in  the  early  progress  down  the  plain,  I  find 
occasion  to  dissent  from  his  statements. 

Thus  I  shall  be  tempted  to  transgress  my  proper  subject : 
but  it  will  be  only  so  far  as  the  Ticinus  and  the  Trebia. 


END   OF   VOL.  I. 


LONDON  : 

R.  Ct,AV.  BON,  AND  T  AY  LOB,  PRINTEKS, 

BREAD  STRKET  HIU.. 


M^^^f^:<' 


i 


DC 


CO 


1^ 


o 


q 


UNIVERSITY  OF  TORONTO 
LIBRARY 


Do    not 
re  move 
the   card 
frbm   this 
Pocket. 


Acme   Library   Card   Pocket 

Under  Pat.  "  Ref.  Index  File." 
Made  by  LIBRARY  BUREAU 


-^^S^iS^ 


^^v 


*i  a ,% 


'■>  ^• 


>      >"--'N»j 


^  -txN 


)^^  "^ 


-^y^nA^.   ?. 


y  a  "-'' 


.^■iA€-'t 


