UC-NRLF 


$B    5D1    217 


i 


;';  :?S 


i 


r. 


•   •* 


C  «     «        t     • 


.*.•••  • 


•  •   •• •  • 


THE 


MARCH   OF  HANNIBAL 


FROM  THE 


RHONE  TO  THE  ALPS. 


BY 


HENRY    LAWES    LONG,    ESQ. 


LONDON: 

J.  RODWELL,  46,  NEW  BOND  STREET. 

1831. 


DGA47 


LONDON  : 

IBOrSON    AND    PALMliR,    PKINTERS,    SAVOY     STREET,      STRAND, 


TO 

HENRY  L.  WICKHAM,  ESQ. 

ONE    OF    THE    AUTHORS    OF    THE 

DISSERTATION   UPON   THE  MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL 
ACROSS  THE  ALPS." 


My    DEAR    WiCKHAM, 

I  send  you  the  result  of  a  tour  recently 
made  in  Dauphiny,  not  without  the  hope  that, 
as  I  began  with  believing  in  you,  you  may 
end  in  agreeing  with  me. 

Most  truly  yours, 

HENRY  LA  WES  LONG. 
Lausanne,  June  1st,  1831. 


E&m^ 


INTRODUCTION. 


Among  the  many  sources  of  interest  which 
engage  our  attention  in  passing  through  a 
foreign  country,  neither  its  economy,  political 
and  domestic,  its  natural  curiosities,  its  scenery, 
nor  its  field  sports,  more  powerfully  attract 
the  traveller,  than  the  sight  of  places  renowned 
in  history  as  the  scenes  where  great  events 
have  been  transacted.  The  plains  where 
battles  have  been  fought — the  fortresses  where 
sieges  have  been  undertaken — the  mountain 
passes  which  armies  have  traversed,  most  for- 
cibly arrest  the  attention,  for  such  events  form 
the  materials  of  which  the  annals  of  the  human 
race  are  principally  composed.  To  have,  in- 
stead of  a  map,  the  identical  district  laid  out 
before  us — to  tread  upon  the  very  ground  de- 
scribed— to  look  up  to  the  same  mountains 
that  hung  over  the  heads  of  the  warriors  of 

B 


2  INTRODUCTION. 

whom  we  read  j — all  this  adds  immeasurably 
to  the  interest  of  the  story,  and  tries  by  a 
severe  test  the  accuracy  of  the  author  who 
records  it.  Herodotus  at  Marathon,  Thucy- 
dides  at  Syracuse,  and  Polybius  throughout 
Italy,  from  the  Alps  to  the  Aufidus,  are  read 
with  increased  pleasure  when  we  find  the 
face  of  nature,  itself  incapable  of  any  material 
alteration,  giving  testimony  in  favour  of  their 
correctness.  The  taunts  of  "  Grsecorum  nu- 
gamenta"  and  "Graecia  mendax"  have  been 
thrown  upon  the  historians  of  that  country ; 
but  satire  is  not  always  truth ;  and,  with  the 
exception  of  Julius  Caesar,  whose  rapid  but 
masterly  sketches  of  a  country  enable  us  at 
once  to  recognize  it,  the  Roman  authors  them- 
selves are  more  deserving  of  the  reproach. 
Livy,  to  say  nothing  of  his  portents  and  pro- 
digies, is  notoriously  defective  and  unintel- 
ligible in  his  geography ;  and  even  Tacitus, 
a  writer  of  acknowledged  accuracy,  aifords  us 
insufficient  light  to  follow  Agricola  through 
his  conquest  of  Britain  with  any  degree  of 
certainty. 

The  madness  of  mankind  still  indulges  in 
warfare  ;  but  it  is  humiliating  to  be  forced  to 
confess,  that  the  triumphs  which  are  supposed 
to  adorn  the  page  of  history,  have  seldom 
produced  any  visibly  beneficial  consequences  ; 


INTRODUCTION. 

while  the  horrors  that  accompanied  them  must 
always,  for  a  time  at  least,  have  occasioned 
incalculable  mischief  and  misery.  Modern  na- 
tions, at  the  conclusion  of  hostilities,  are  usually 
left  much  in  the  same  state  (except  as  to  their 
finances)  as  they  were  at  the  beginning  of  a  war. 
In  ancient  times,  however,  this  was  not  so  fre- 
quently the  case.  When  we  stand  upon  the 
barrow  of  the  Greeks  at  Marathon,  where  the 
occasional  loosening  of  the  soil  still  exposes  to 
our  view  the  fragments  of  the  flint  arrow-heads 
of  the  Persian  archers,  we  are  conscious  that 
those  arrows  were  aimed  not  only  against  the 
rights  and  liberties  of  a  free  and  independent 
people,  but  against  the  cradle  of  all  the  arts 
and  sciences  we  now  enjoy ;  and  the  gallant 
band  that  drove  back  the  tide  of  barbarism 
from  their  shores,  preserved  at  the  same  time 
to  themselves  and  to  us  the  rudiments  of  all 
that  is  useful  and  honourable  to  mankind. 
Thus,  too,  the  conquest  of  the  world  by  the 
Roman  was  the  march  of  civilization  ;  a  check 
in  its  progress  would  have  influenced  the  con- 
dition of  ages  yet  unborn.  The  desperate 
attack  of  Hannibal  *'  ad  delendum  nomen 
Romanum,  liberandumque  orbem  terrarum," 
was  unsuccessful  5  and  as  such,  its  consequences 
affect  us  even  to  the  present  hour.  It  left 
Rome  the  sovereign  mistress  of  an  undisputed 

B  2 


INTRODUCTION. 

world,  which  she  was  allowed  to  fashion  after 
her  own  taste  ;  and,  as  we  are  not  disposed 
to  object  to  our  language,  our  literature,  or 
our  laws,  the  greater  portion  of  which  we 
have  derived  from  her,  we  may  be  presumed 
to  be  satisfied  with  the  course  she  adopted. 
What  effect  might  have  been  produced  upon 
our  domestic  habits  and  political  institutions, 
had  the  Carthaginian  triumphed,  cannot  be 
conjectured  ;  but  it  is  very  certain,  if  the  des- 
tinies of  the  world  had  been  so  reversed,  we 
should  not,  in  every  sentence  we  utter,  find 
words  of  Roman  origin.  Under  these  cir- 
cumstances the  Carthaginian  expedition  into 
Italy  acquires  an  importance  independent  of 
the  interest  excited  by  the  novelty,  hardihood 
and  conduct  of  the  enterprise.  Their  march 
upon  Rome  is  not  only  the  most  remarkable 
feature  in  one  of  the  most  remarkable 
wars  ever  waged,  "  helium  maxime  omnium 
memorabile  quse  unquam  gesta  sint,"  but,  in 
tracing  their  steps,  we  feel  as  if  we  were  ap- 
proaching the  crisis  of  our  own  destinies  ;  and 
while  we  acknowledge  the  courage  and  genius 
of  the  African  general,  it  is  on  the  side  of 
Rome,  the  common  parent  of  all  Europe,  that 
we  lean  with  a  feeling  of  filial  anxiety. 

To  those,  therefore,  who  delight  in  picturing 
to  themselves  the  transactions  of  distant  ages 


INTRODUCTION. 

on   the  very  spot  where  they   occurred,   the 
march  of  Hannibal   across    the   Alps   cannot 
fail  in  producing  the  most  lively  interest.      In 
visiting"  the  scenes  of  this  march,  the  traveller 
is  unusually  fortunate  in  two  particulars :  — 
he  is  led  through  the  rich  scenery  of  Dauphiny 
and  Savoy,  some  of  the  most  picturesque  in 
Europe,   and  he  has  for  his  guide  an  historian 
of  unrivalled  merit.      In   Polybius  we  meet 
with  a  distinctness   of  detail  which   at   once 
discovers    the    soldier,    who    had    thoroughly 
investigated  and  understood  every  manoeuvre 
of  the  hostile  forces — the  traveller,  perfectly 
acquainted    with    the    country    in   which    the 
event  he  describes  took  place — and  the  faith- 
ful and  accomplished  writer,  who  condensed 
the  materials  without  affecting  the  accuracy 
of  his  narrative.      Indeed,   had  the   original 
despatches    sent    by    Hannibal    to    Carthage 
come  down  to  us,  we  could  hardly  have  found 
in  them  an  account  of  the  leading  events  of 
the  campaign  arranged  in  a  more  intelligible 
and  interesting  manner.     Gibbon  tells  us,  that 
in  Polybius  there  is  a  sterility  of  fancy.    This 
in  an  historian  cannot  surely  be   deemed   a 
fault ;    but    however    true    it    may   be,   and 
however  little  his  style   may  bend   from  its 
grave  and  dignified  flow,  his  narrative  is  by 
no   means   deficient  in  the  art  of  addressing 


INTRODUCTION, 

itself  to  our  imagination.  The  events  he  de- 
scribes are  so  clearly  and  vividly  depicted, 
that  in  reading  him  we  seem  almost  to  live 
in  the  days  of  the  Punic  war,  in  defiance  of 
the  fine  lines  of  Lucretius,  where  the  poet 
exclaims — 


iii.  844.  Wi^m^  anteacto  nil  tempore  sensimus  segri. 

Ad  confligendum  venientibus  imdique  Paenis ; 
Omnia  cum,  belli  trepido  concussa  tumultu, 
Horrida,  contremuere  sub  altis  setheris  auris; 
111  dubioque  fuere,  utrorum  ad  regna  cadundum 
Omnibus  humanis  asset,  terraque  marique. 

The  nearer  an  author  lives  to  the  times  of 
which  he  writes  the  history,  the  more  likely 
he  is  to  enter  with  spirit  into  the  narrative, 
and  to  communicate  his  enthusiasm  to  his 
readers.  Polybius  lived  but  one  generation 
only  after  Hannibal ;  his  authorities  were 
men  who  had  been  actors  in  the  very  scenes 
he  describes,  while  his  intimacy  with  the 
"  Virtus  Scipiadse  et  mitis  sapientia  Lseli," 
must  have  opened  to  him  the  purest  sources 
of  information.  It  is  possible,  perhaps,  to  de- 
tect in  the  historian  an  excusable  partiality  to- 
wards the  illustrious  race  of  the  Scipios ;  but, 
even  if  this  is  the  case,  no  writer  during  the 
lapse  of  nearly  twenty  centuries  has  yet  ven- 
tured to  impugn  his  veracity  ;  while,  of  all  the 
losses  that  literature  has  to  lament,  none  are 


INTRODUCTION.  7 

more  regretted  than  the  defective  portions  of 
Polybius. 

It  is  well-known  to  all  those  whom  the 
march  of  Hannibal  has  at  all  interested,  that 
a  great  controversy  exists  as  to  the  precise 
road  through  the  Alps  traversed  by  the  Car- 
thaginian army  ;  and  this  has  arisen  from  the 
impossibility  of  producing  any  accordance  be- 
tween the  accounts  furnished  us  by  Polybius 
and  Livy.  In  the  time  of  Livy  himself  it  was 
already  a  subject  of  debate,  and  the  additional 
confusion  into  which  it  was  plunged  by  that 
historian  has  continued  the  dispute  down  to 
our  own  times.  In  the  account  Polybius  has 
given  us  of  the  progress  of  the  Carthaginian 
army  from  Spain  to  Italy,  he  glances  rapidly 
over  that  portion  of  it  preceding  the  passage 
of  the  Rhone,  as  presenting  no  events  worthy 
of  particular  notice  ;  but  the  mode  of  effecting 
the  passage  of  that  river,  as  well  as  the  subse- 
quent dangers  and  difficulties  experienced  by 
the  Carthaginians  until  they  reached  the  plains 
of  the  Po,  are  described  with  a  precision 
almost  amounting  to  the  minuteness  of  a  daily 
journal.  The  historian,  who  dwells  with  un- 
usual interest  upon  this  part  of  his  narrative, 
had  journeyed  through  the  Alps  upon  the 
track  of  the  Carthaginian  army,  to  satisfy  him- 


8  INTRODUCTION. 

self  by  a  personal  investigation  of  the  locali- 
ties, previous  to  recounting-  what  was  then 
considered,  and  is  still  looked  back  upon,  as 
one  of  the  most  extraordinary  performances 
ever  accomplished.  As  a  proof  of  the  estima- 
tion in  which  Polybius  was  held  even  by  his 
rival  Livy,  and  how  much  he  was  preferred  as 
an  authority  to  all  other  writers,  of  whom 
there  must  have  been  several  whose  very 
names  are  now  lost  to  us,  we  need  only  remark 
the  servile  manner  in  which  he  is  copied  by 
the  Latin  author — in  some  places  so  closely  as 
to  be  little  else  than  merely  translated.  It 
would  have  been  fortunate,  perhaps,  had  this 
been  uniformly  the  case  ;  but  Polybius  wrote 
at  least  a  century  before  Livy,  and  the  court 
of  Augustus,  for  whom  Livy  undertook  his 
work,  required  a  more  refined  style  than  that 
of  the  Greek  author ;  accordingly,  in  Livy 
we  certainly  discover  Polybius,  but  it  is  Poly- 
bius dressed  up,  ornamented,  and  amplified ; 
very  well  suited,  no  doubt,  to  the  taste  of  the 
day,  but  utterly  destructive  of  the  simplicity 
and  fidelity  of  the  original.  In  many  places 
inextricable  confusion  has  been  thus  produced  ; 
and  in  no  part  so  much  as  in  the  celebrated 
description  of  the  passage  of  the  Alps  by  Han- 
nibal ;    for   no    more    favourable   opportunity 


INTRODUCTION. 

presented  itself  of  indulging  a  fertile  imagina- 
tion in  its  disposition  to  exaggerate.^  We, 
however,  derive  one  advantage  from  Livy's 
narrative ;  it  shows  that  Polybius  alone  was 
his  authority  for  the  account,  as  he  ought  to 
be  ours.  It  is  from  Polybius  that  all  the 
events  of  the  march  are  extracted  ;  they  suc- 
ceed each  other  precisely  in  the  same  order  ; 
but  they  are  immensely  dilated,  and  loaded 
with  many  unnecessary  remarks  and  extra- 
neous matter ;  above  all,  by  Livy's  giving  the 
names  of  certain  Gallic  tribes,  through  which 
he  affirms  the  Carthaginians  to  have  passed, 
as  well  as  by  positively  declaring  them  to 
have  crossed  the  highest  ridge  of  the  Alps  by 
the  Saltus  Taurinus,  (the  Mont  Genevre,) 
the  narrative  of  Polybius  is  attempted  to  be 
fastened  upon  a  line  of  country  to  which  nei- 

♦  To  show  how  easily  a  hvely  fancy  may  unconsciously 
fall  into  exaggeration  upon  a  subject  of  this  sort,  I  need 
only  quote  a  sentence  from  a  justly  admired  author,  an 
ardent  lover  of  truth : — "  It  was  in  this  campaign  that  he 
(Bonaparte)  proved  himself  a  worthy  rival  of  Hannibal. 
The  energy  which  conducted  an  army,  with  its  cavalry, 
artillery,  and  supplies,  across  the  Alps,  by  untried  paths, 
which  only  the  chamois  hunter,  born  and  bred  amidst  gla- 
ciers and  everlasting  snows,  had  trodden,  gave  an  impres- 
sion, which  of  all  others  he  most  desired  to  spread,  of  his 
superiority  to  nature,  as  well  as  to  human  opposition. "- 
Channing's  Character  of  Bonaparte. 


10  INTRODUCTION. 

ther  time,  nor  space,  nor  geographical  charac- 
ter, nor  common  sense,  can  possibly  unite  it. 
No  doubt  Livy  imagined  himself  conducting 
Hannibal  by  the  road  indicated  by  Polybius, 
and  that  by  supplying  the  names,  he  was 
making  amends  for  the  deficiencies  of  that 
author  ;  but  he  had  not,  like  Polybius,  visited 
the  mountains  and  ascertained  the  distances ; 
and  those  who  take  him  as  a  guide  upon  the 
assurance  of  the  names  he  furnishes,  will  soon 
find  themselves  entangled  in  an  inextricable 
labyrinth. 

The  first  steps  towards  attaining  any  thing 
like  a  rational  explanation  of  this  march  were 
taken  by  M.  Deluc,  of  Geneva,*  who,  in  a 
most  able  illustration  of  a  theory  made  known 
to  him  by  the  late  General  Melville,  founded 
wholly  and  solely  upon  the  authority  of  Poly- 
bius, by  a  diligent  comparison  of  ancient  with 
modern  topography,  and  by  carefully  attend- 
ing to  the  time  and  distances  which  are  re- 
corded with  sufficient  precision,  has  at  last 
pointed  out  the  only  true  mode  of  clearing  up 
the  question.  M.  Deluc's  publication  was 
almost  immediately  followed  by  that  of  two 
members  of  the  University  of  Oxford,!  who 

*  Histoire  du  Passage  des  Alpes  j^ar  Annibal.     Par  J. 

A.  Delue,  fils  de  feu  G.  A.  Deluc,  &c.  &c.     Geneve,  1818. 

t  Dissertation  on  the  Passage  of  the  Alps  by  Hannibal. 


INTRODUCTION.  1  1 

had    themselves    minutely    investigated    the 
whole  country  between   the  Rhone  and   the 
Po.    In  this  excellent  performance,  after  some 
very  valuable  remarks  upon  the  early  history 
of  the  Alps,  the  claims  of  the  Little  St.  Ber- 
nard to  the  distinction  of  being  the  road  of 
Hannibal  are  set  forth  in  a  manner  so  clear, 
and  so  convincing,  that  we  feel  as  sure  of  the 
fact  as  we  do  of  the  existence  of  Hannibal 
himself.     It  is  not  the  intention  of  the  author 
of  the  following  pages  to  touch,  except  in  a  very 
slight  degree,  upon  that  part  of  the  topography 
of  the  march  which  belongs  to  the  Alps  them- 
selves— considering  the  above-mentioned  pub- 
lications to  have   effected  nearly  as  much  as 
the  nature  of  the  subject,  or  the  purposes  of 
history,  required.    It  appears  to  him,  however, 
that  neither  General  Melville,  nor  M.  Deluc, 
nor  even  the  Oxford  authors  themselves,  have 
satisfactorily  established  the  line  of  march  be- 
tween the  Rhone  and  the  foot  of  the  Alps ; 
on  the  contrary,  that  they  have  not  been  suc- 
cessful in  assimilating  the  narrative  of  Poly- 
bius  with  the  route  they  have  adopted  through 
Dauphiny,    and   that  these   errors   materially 
affect  their  subsequent  calculations  during  the 

By  Henry  L.  Wickham,  Esq.,  and  the  Rev.  J.  Cramer, 
late  Students  of  Ch.  Ch.  Oxford.  Second  Edition.  Lon- 
don, 1828. 


12  INTRODUCTION. 

passage  of  the  Alps.  Under  these  impressions, 
after  a  close  attention  to  every  word  in  the 
text  of  the  Greek  historian,  and  aided  by  an 
additional  recent  examination  of  the  country, 
he  now  offers  the  result  of  his  observations, 
fully  convinced  that  the  road  by  which  he 
shows  the  Carthaginian  general  to  have  con- 
ducted his  army  to  the  entrance  of  the  valley 
of  the  Little  St.  Bernard  will  be  admitted  to 
correspond  with  that  described  by  Polybius,  as 
to  time,  distance,  and  geographical  character, 
in  a  manner  so  close  and  incontrovertible  as 
to  set  this  long  pending  discussion  at  rest  for 
ever. 


?lffi^ii^.' 


PuhHrhed/ hy  ^ 


•  TA-  C.WaHiPr,  snap. 


« 

.  « 

• 

• 

• 

c 

• 

*, 

c        < 

• 

'•' 

• 

« 

*•' 

• 

2 

• 

• 

•*.* 

• 

• 

,•• 

, 

, 

, 

, 

, 

^ 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

•  , 

• 

• 

• 

, 

, 

• 

•  • 

• 

,• 

• 

»• 

• 

•' 

• 

• 

• 

••  • 

► 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

♦ 

• 

•      • 

THE  MARCH  OF  HANNIBAL, 


When  Hannibal  had  reached  the  foot  of  the  ^o\yh.  iii. 

39,  40. 

Pyrenees  on  the  Spanish  side,  half  the  distance 
between  New  Carthage  and  the  plains  of  the 
Po  was  accomplished  ;  but  the  remaining-  por- 
tion, in  point  of  difficulty,  was  by  much  the 
most  considerable.  He  had  before  him  the 
formidable  obstacles  of  the  Pyrenees,  the 
Rhone,  and  the  Alps  ;  and  the  worst  parts  of 
the  country  were  occupied  by  the  fierce  and 
fickle  tribes  of  the  Transalpine  Celts. 

This  latter  half  of  the  march  is  divided  by 
Polybius  into  three  portions — 

I.  From  Emporium  (Ampurias,  on  the  Bay 
of  Rosas,  in  Catalonia)  to  the  Rhone. 

II.  From  the  Rhone  to  the  commencement 
of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps. 


14  ':*../        ,  %THfi''yArRCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 


•••  •  . 

•    •  •  • 


'•iHl'' -Across ''the'  Alps   to   the    Plains    of 
the  Po. 

Of  these  divisions  it  is  the  second  princi- 
pally which  forms  the  subject  of  the  present 
investigation.  The  route  from  Spain  to  the 
Rhone  is  sufficiently  evident ;  and  the  passage 
of  the  Alps  has  been  already  proved  satisfac- 
torily to  be  that  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  It 
will,  however,  be  necessary  to  examine,  to  a 
certain  extent,  these  portions  of  the  march,  in 
order  to  connect  them  with  the  extremities  of 
the  intermediate  section  ;  and  in  so  doing,  a 
few  remarks  upon  the  passage  of  the  Alps  will 
be  brought  forward,  tending  to  complete,  if 
any  thing  is  needed  to  complete,  the  proof 
that  the  Little  St.  Bernard  was  the  road  of 
Hannibal. 

First,  then,  with  a  view  to  determine  the 
exact  point  upon  the  Rhone  where  the  Car- 
thaginians passed  that  river,  we  have  to  take 
into  consideration  the  road  across  the  Pyrenees, 
and  through  Languedoc,  by  which  they  ad- 
vanced to  its  banks.  The  notices  of  this 
march,  although  quite  sufficient  for  our  pur- 
pose, are  very  scanty.  Hannibal  is  repre- 
sented at  first  as  under  some  apprehension  of 
the  Celts,  on  account  of  the  difficult  nature  of 
c.  41.  their  country ;  while  Scipio  calculated  upon 
the  delay  his  enemies  would  experience  from 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  15 

the  same  circumstance,  and  from  the  multi- 
tude of  those  barbarous  tribes.  These  were 
the  Celts,  elsewhere  described  by  Polybius  as 
occupying  all  the  country  between  the  Py-  c.  sr 
renees  and  the  river  Narbo,  (Aude,)  a  tract 
exactly  coinciding  with  the  limits  of  the  terri- 
tory of  Roussillon,  the  modern  department  of 
the  Pyrenees  Orientales.*  The  remaining 
sentences  descriptive  of  the  march,  separated 
from  tli«  interruption  of  other  details,  stand  as 
follows — 

'Avvij^ag  ^E  irapa^o^coQ,   rovg  /j-lv  'y^py]fxaai  Trkiaaq  c.  41. 
rwv     KfXrwv,     rovq    ^£    ^laaafjuvoq,     riKe    /Liera    rwv 
^vvajmecjv,  ^i^iov  e^wv  to  ^ap^oviov  ireXayogy  eiri  Ttjv 
Tov  'Po^avou  ^ia(5a<Jiv. 

*AvVt/3aC     ^£,      WpOCT/JLL^aQ     TOIQ     TTSpl     TOV     TTOTafLOV  g.  43. 

TOTTOiq,    ev^iiog  kv^ykipu  iroiua^ai  tyiv  ^iaj3a(nv  KaTa 
TTiv  aTrXriv  pvaiv  ayj^ov  i^^spwv  TeTTapwv  o^ov  airkyjav 

(TTpaTOTre^if)  ttiq  ^oXaTTYiQ. 

"  But  Hannibal  having,  beyond  all  expecta- 

*  There  is  another  passage  of  Polybius  existing  in  the  Poiyb. 
shape  of  a  fragment,  presented  in  Athenseus,  which  con-  ^^^\^-  ^i^ 
tains  some   curious   particulars  relating   to    the  Roussillon  Gallia, 
country  ;  he  speaks  of  certain  fossil  fish  found  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood  of  the  modern  towns  of  Elne  and    Perpignan. 
Organic  remains  of  divers  sorts   are  found  in  an  osseous 
breccia,  common  in  several  places  along  this  coast  of  the 
Mediterranean.     Polybius  imagines  these  fish  to  have  made 
their  way  from  the  rivers  (the  Tetand  the  Tech)  in  search  of 
their  favourite  food,  the  roots  of  the  Agrostis. 


16 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 


tion,  persuaded  some  of  the  Celts  by  presents, 
and  compelled  others  by  force,  advanced  with 
his  forces  towards  the  passage  of  the  Rhone, 
having  the  Sardinian  sea  to  the  right. 

"  And  upon  reaching  the  country  in  the 
neighbourhood  of  the  river,  he  immediately 
prepared  to  make  the  passage,  at  the  single 
stream,  having  his  army  at  the  distance  of 
four  days'  journey  from  the  sea." 

To  these  materials  must  be  added  a  pre- 
vious, and  more  important  extract : — 

Kai  /Lirjv  svTEv^ev   eiri    tt^v    tov   'Po^avov  diaj3a(nvy 
c.  38.  nepi  viXiovg  e^a/cocriovc.  ravra  yap  vvv  p^pr]fxaTi(JTaiy 

Kcii  (JiiGrifxkiwTai  Kara  (jraciovQ  oktio  cia  Piofxaidjv 
eTTijuieXCjg, 

**  And  from  thence  (Emporium)  to  the  pas- 
sage of  the  Rhone,  nearly  1,600  stadia,  (200 
M.p.,)  for  this  distance  has  now  been  carefully 
measured  by  the  Romans,  and  marked  every 
eight  stadia." 

From  these  materials  we  have  to  trace  the 
march  to  the  banks  of  the  Rhone  ;  and  as  far 
as  Nismes,  we  meet  with  no  obstacle  to  our 
progress,  for  the  great  Roman  way  is  per- 
fectly well  known  from  the  Itineraries. 
Nismes  itself  stands  at  a  distance  of  177  m.p. 
from  Emporium,  according  to  the  authors  of 
p.  230.      the  *'  Dissertation." 

The  remainder  of  the  distance  to  the  Rhone 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  1^ 

is  not  at  first  quite  so  apparent,  for  we  have 
to  choose  between  three  ways  of  reaching  the 
river  from  Nismes.  One  in  a  north-easterly 
direction,  conducting  us  to  Roquemaure — 
such,  at  least,  is  a  road  laid  down  by  M. 
Deluc  and  others,  and  stated  by  them  to  be 
the  road  taken  by  Hannibal.  Whether  any 
modern  road  exists  in  that  direction  or  not,  I 
am  unable  to  say  ;  but  it  is  very  certain  that 
no  Roman  way  ever  connected  Nismes  with 
Roquemaure.  Yet  the  words  of  Polybius 
are  decisive :  he  distinctly  points  out  a  road 
between  Emporium  and  the  Ithone,  measured 
and  marhed  hy  the  Romans  ;  if,  therefore, 
we  are  to  be  guided  by  the  authority  of  Poly- 
bius, we  must  give  up  the  road  to  Roque- 
maure. 

The  other  two  roads  leading  from  Nismes 
to  the  Rhone  are  more  to  the  purpose,  for 
they  are  really  Roman,  as  well  as  being  still  in 
use  as  important  thoroughfares.  Of  these, 
one  runs  in  a  direction  due  east  from  Nismes 
to  Beaucaire,  the  ancient  Ugernum  ;  the 
other  takes  a  south-easterly  course  to  the  cele- 
brated city  of  Aries,  formerly  the  more  cele- 
brated Arelate.  The  road  to  Aries  seems  to 
have  been  the  most  frequented  of  the  two, 
and  appears  in  all  the  Itineraries  ;  that  to 
Beaucaire  is  given  in  the  Theodosian  Table, 

c 


18  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

and  is  noticed  by  Strabo.  The  geographer  is 
speaking  of  the  way  from  Nismes  to  Aquae 
Sextise  (Aix.) 

iv.  c.  3.  E/c   Nf^avcrov    ^£    ^la    Ouyt^vou    kul   Tapa(jK(i)vog 

eig  TO.  Seo^a  vcara  ra  ^£C,Tia  Ka\ov/j,Eva, 

**  From   Nismes,    through    Ugernum    and 
Tarasco,  to  the  warm  waters  of  Sextius." 
And  again,  speaking  of  another  road — 

iv.  c.  3.  TtJv  Sia  OvoKOVTLijJV  Kai  tyiq  Kottlov.      fi^XP*   1^^^ 

Ovy^pvov,  Kai  TapaoKtovog  Koivrj  o^og  rj  airo 
^ejLLav(Tov» 

**  That  through  the  Vocontii  and  the  terri- 
tory of  Cottius, — the  road  as  far  as  Ugernum 
and  Tarasco,  is  the  same  as  that  from 
Nismes/' 

No  other  Roman  way  leading  from  Nismes 
to  the  Rhone,  exists  even  in  tradition ;  it 
follows,  therefore,  that  either  at  Beaucaire  or 
Aries,  Hannibal  must  have  effected  his  pas- 
sage ;  and  we  are  at  once  relieved  from  all 
doubt  as  to  which  of  the  two  places  we  are  to 
choose,  by  the  words  of  Polybius  himself.  He 
c.  42.  says  it  was  Kara  TTiv  airXriv  pvaiv — at  the  place 
where  the  river  flowed  *'  m  a  single  stream." 
These  words  have  been  thought  to  mean  a 
part  of  the  stream  iminterrupted  by  any  of 
those  islands  with  which  the  Rhone  abounds, 
an  explanation  in  which  I  cannot  at  all 
concur,  for  the  words  are  most  certainly  ap- 


THE   MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  l9 

plied  by  Polybius  to  the  passage  at  Beaiicaire, 
in  contradistinction  to  the  other  passage  at 
Aries  ;  for  at  Aries  the  bifurcation  of  the 
Rhone  begins, — at  Aries  there  are  two  streams, 
and  the  passage  there  would  have  been  Kara 
rriv  ^iirXnv  pvaiv,  Poljbius,  Speaking  of  the  Po, 
employs  the  same  expression,  "•  c.  le. 

Triv  /JLEV  yap  irpujTrjv  e/c  twv  TTJ^ywv  e'^ei  PY2IN 
AFIAHN^  c^i^erat  ^'eig  Bvo  fxkpy]  Kara  tovq  7rpo(T- 
ayopevofxhovg  T piya(56\ovg , 

*'  The  river  flows  from  its  sources  in  a  single 
stream  at  first,  but  it  is  divided  into  two 
branches  in  the  country  of  the  Trigaboli." 

It  remains  to  be  shown,  that  in  the  distance 
of  Beaucaire  from  Emporium  there  is  nothing 
inconsistent  with  the  "  nearly  1,600  stadia 
(200  M.p.)"  of  Polybius.  From  Emporium  to 
Nismes  there  are,  as  has  been  already  stated, 
about  177  Roman  miles ;  if  to  these  we  add 
15,  the  number,  according  to  the  Theodo- 
sian  Table,  between  Nismes  and  Beaucaire, 
we  get  a  total  of  192  miles,  which  falls  short 
of  the  Polybian  distance  by  eight  miles :  this 
is  too  considerable  a  defalcation  to  pass  with- 
out comment — and  on  this  I  have  two  remarks 
to  offer. 

First — The  Greek  historian  here  makes  use 
of  the  word  Trept,  "  nearly ;"  we  are  not, 
therefore,  to  expect  to  find  an  e3:aGt  200  m.p., 

c  2 


20  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

particularly  as  when  he  employs  this  word  he 
commonly  exceeds  the  real  distance  in  the 
number  he  gives  ;  for  instance,  he  gives  the 
distance  from  New  Carthage  to  the  plains  of 
the  Po  in  this  manner — 


From  New  Carthage  to  the  Iberus     .     2,600 
From  the  Iberus  to  Emporium      .     .     1,600 


-4,200 


From  Emporium  to  the  Rhone  .  .  1,600 
From  the  Rhone  to  the  Alps  .  .  .  1,400 
Across  the  Alps  to  the  Plains  of  the  Po     1 ,200 


-4,200 


8,400 


Making  altogether  a  length  of  8,400  stadia ; 
yet  in  summing  it  up  he  speaks  in  round  num- 
numbers,   calling  it    "  nearly  9jOOO   stadia :" 

iii.  c.  39.      WOT     civai   Tovg  Travraq  £K    Kaivrjg    TToAewc    (TTaoiovg 
TTEpi  evvaKKT'^iXiovQ, 

Secondly — If  it  should  still  be  required  to 
p.  45.  approach  more  closely  to  the  200  m.p.,  we 
may  remark  that  M.  Deluc,  in  calculating  the 
distance  between  Emporium  and  Juncaria,  (la 
Junquera,)  does  not  follow  the  main  road 
through  Figueras,  but  thinks  it  probable  the 
ancients  had  some  shorter  and  more  direct  line 
through  Peralada  ;  upon  which  supposition  he 
forms  his  computation. 

Thus,  therefore,  in  point  of  distance  from 
Emporium,  there  is  nothing  in  the  situation  of 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  21 

Beaucaire  that  militates  against  the  account 
given  by  Polybius.  The  three  data — the  dis- 
tance, the  Roman  road,  and  the  single  stream, 
by  which  we  thus  determine  the  place  of  the 
passage,  are  of  themselves,  perhaps,  sufficient ; 
but  there  is  yet  a  fourth — the  distance  from 
the  foot  of  the  Alps,  which  is  stated  by  Poly- 
bius to  be  1,400  stadia,  or  17*5  Roman  miles. 
Out  of  these  175  m.p.,  one  hundred  have 
been  hitherto  always  assigned  to  that  part  of 
the  march  above  the  Isere,  between  that  river 
and  the  first  ascent  of  the  Alps.  According 
to  this  division  of  the  distance,  the  remaining 
7*5  M.p.  must  of  course  be  allotted  to  the 
march  between  the  passage  of  the  Rhone  and 
the  Isere.  In  this  manner  the  place  at  which 
the  Rhone  was  crossed  becomes  easily  dis- 
coverable, since  to  find  it  we  have  only  to 
measure  75  m.p.  down  the  stream  from  its 
confluence  with  the  Isere.  Accordingly,  M. 
Deluc  fixes  the  spot  at  Roquemaure  ;  and  in 
so  doing  he  is  aided  by  the  support  of  all 
other  writers  upon  the  subject.*  It  is  not, 
however,  surprising  that  all  authorities  should 
"  agree  so  cordially  upon  this  point,  because  the 
absolute  distance  of  75  m.p.,  measured  from 

*  The  anonymous  author  of  "  Hannibal's  Passage  of  the 
Alps.  By  a  Member  of  the  University  of  Cambridge, 
London,  1830,"  fixes  upon  Tarascon  as  the  point  of 
passage. — Ed.  ^ 

^.^^-^    c-^^.^^^,  /^^— '-^-^   -—---/^  ; 


22  THE    MARCH    OF   HANNIBAL. 

the  Isere  southwards,  must  always  terminate 
at  Roquemaure ;  and  nothing  is  left  to  pro- 
duce any  disunion  of  opinion.  Whether  this 
mode  of  computing  the  distance  is  the  correct 
one  or  not,  will  be  considered  hereafter ;  and 
it  will  be  shown,  that  in  the  number  of  miles 
between  Tarascon,  opposite  Beaucaire,  and 
the  foot  of  the  Alps,  there  is  nothing  which 
does  violence  to  the  175  of  Polybius. 

There  is  still  another  circumstance  which 
has  been  called  in  to  assist  in  determining  the 
place  at  which  the  Rhone  was  passed,  of  which 
some  notice  ought  to  be  taken  5  it  is  derived 
from  the  words  of  Polybius  already  quoted. 
He  is  speaking  of  Hannibal — 

TTjg  OaXarrrig, 

"  Being  distant  with  his  army  (or  camp) 
from  the  sea,  a  distance  of  nearly  four  days." 

This  distance  has  been  usually  measured 
from  the  wstern  mouth  of  the  Rhone,  be- 
cause Scipio  had  arrived  there  with  his  army, 
on  his  voyage  towards  Spain ;  and  a'^edov 
TJiuiptDv  TETTaptov  o^ov  IS  supposed  to  mean  four 
days  march.  But  as  Polybius  does  not  tell  us 
that  the  distance  is  to  be  reckoned  from  that 
part  of  the  sea-coast,  and  has  not  anywhere, 
that  I  know  of,  assigned  a  definite  length  for 
a  day's  march,  any  calculations  founded  upon 
such  constructions  are  very  likely    to  prove 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  23 

erroneous.  In  another  part  of  his  work  the 
historian  uses  the  same  expression :  he  is 
speaking  of  Clusium,  the  modern  town  of 
Chiusi,    in    Tuscany.       This   town,    he    says, 

three  days'  journey  from  Rome."  Now  the 
distance  of  Clusium  from  Rome  is  nearly  100 
Roman  miles,  which  would  give  upwards  of 
30  M.  p.  for  a  day's  journey — a  common  dis- 
tance for  a  traveller  riding  the  same  horse, 
but  which  cannot  be  understood  as  the  daily 
march  of  a  regular  army.  What  Polybius 
really  does  mean  by  these  words  is  not  quite 
apparent.  It  would  rather  seem  (but  I  speak 
with  great  diffidence)  that  some  place  on  the 
coast  of  the  Mediterranean  is  intended,  which 
Hannibal  had  already  left  behind  him  in  his 
march  from  Spain — perhaps  the  Emporium  of 
Narbonne,  which  is  distant  about  110  m.  P., 
nearly  four  days' journey  of  thirty  miles  a-day,  strabo. 
and  which,  from  the  importance  of  its  re- 
sources in  early  ages,  is  not  unlikely  to  have 
detained  Hannibal  for  a  short  time  after  he 
had  emerged  from  the  difficult  country  occu- 
pied by  the  Celts  ;  that  is  the  point  also  at 
which  mention  had  been  made  of  the  Sardinian 
sea — that  it  lay  to  his  right  as  he  proceeded  on 
his  march. 

Be  that  as  it  may,  the  light  afforded  us  by 


24  THE    MARCH    OF   HANNIBAL. 

Polybius  is  quite  enough  to  conduct  us  with 
sufficient  certainty  to  Beaucaire,  a  place  well 
suited  to  the  encampment  of  a  large  force. 
itineraire  "  Sur  uuc  eminence  qui  commande  la  ville, 
ii.  p.  414.'  s'elevait  le  chateau  de  Beaucaire,  ou  St.  Louis 
fit  batir,  avant  son  depart  pour  la  Terre 
Sainte,  une  chapelle  qu'on  y  voit  encore.  Le 
chateau  qui  n'existe  deja  plus,  a  remplace 
celui  de  I'antique  Ugernum,  construit  par  les 
Romains ;  de  cette  hauteur  on  jouit  d'une 
magnifique  perspective.  Sur  le  bord  du  Rhone 
regne  une  vaste  prairie,  bord^e  de  longues 
allees  d'ormes  et  de  platanes,  qui  servent  de 
promenade." 

Here  Hannibal  lost  no  time  in  preparing  to 
carry  over  his  army,  and  Polybius  here  begins 
a  sort  of  diary  of  the  operations,  which  is  kept, 
with  but  few  interruptions,  until  the  passage 
of  the  Alps  is  completed.  The  days  and 
nights  are  not  always  specified ;  but  when 
they  are,  the  Greek  text  will  be  found  inserted 
in  the  following  arrangement : — 
Poiyb.iii.  The  FIRST  night  is  to  be  reckoned  as  suc- 
ceeding the  day  of  the  arrival  of  the  army 
upon  the  Rhone. 

1st  day. — Preparations     for    crossing    are 
commenced ;  boats  of  all  sorts  are  collected, 
and  rafts  constructed. 
2.  Night. 


C.42. 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  ^  S5 

2.  Day. — Preparations  for  crossing  are 
continued  with  the  utmost  activity,  each 
individual  striving  to  be  independent  of  his 
neighbour.  At  the  conclusion  of  this  second 
day  the  preparations  are  completed.  'Ev  ^vcrlv 
r]/j,epaig  TrXrjOog  avaplOinriTov  eyivaro  TropOfxeiwv. 
"  In  two  days  an  innumerable  multitude  of 
boats  were  provided."  In  the  mean  time  a 
band  of  fierce  barbarians  had  been  congre- 
gating on  the  opposite  bank,  with  a  view  to 
dispute  the  passage  of  the  river,  and  Hannibal 
had  concerted  a  scheme  for  their  discomfiture. 

O.    JNlght. ^TTiyEvofJLtvrjg     ttiq     Tpirr^q    vvKTog, 

Hanno,  the  son  of  Bomilcar,  with  a  large 
division  of  the  army,  was  despatched  up  the 
river,  under  the  guidance  of  some  natives,  to 
the  distance  of  200  stadia,  (25  m.p.)  where  he 
reached  a  spot  "  at  which  the  river  happened 
to  be  divided  by  an  island."     'Ev  (^  duvf/Satve 

wepL  Ti  "^(jjpiov  v»?(Tt2ov  irepKr-^i^EG^ai  tov  irorafiov* 

3.  Day. — Hanno  prepared  his  rafts  from 
the  neighbouring  wood. 

4.  Night. — Hanno  carried  his  troops  across 
the  river. 

*  At  the  distance  of  25  M.  P.  up  the  river  from  Beau- 
caire,  we  arrive  opposite  to  Caderousse,  where  there  is  one 
of  the  most  considerable  islands  to  be  met  with  in  the 
Rhone — so  large  as  to  find  a  place  in  maps  of  a  very 
reduced  scale. 


26  XHE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

4.    Day. — 'E/cavryv     filv    TTJv    Yijuipav    ^dfiHvav, 

Hanno  and  his  men,  after  taking*  up  a  strong 
position,  *'  remained  quiet  for  the  day,"  resting 
themselves  after  the  hardships  they  had  under- 
gone. 

c.  43.  5.   Night. —  FATnyevojulvrjg   Trig   Tr^mTriq   vvktoq, 

**  The  following  night  being  the  fifth,"  Hanno 
set  out  along  the  river  towards  the  barbarians, 
VTTO  TTjv  £(i)9ivriv  (^(pvXaKrjv^  "  about  the  morning 
watch,"  ^=  that  is,  about  3  A.  m. 

5th  day. — As  soon  as  Hanno,  by  a  pre- 
concerted signal  of  smoke,  had  made  known 
his  approach  to  Hannibal,  the  Carthaginians, 
who  were  all  prepared,  dashed  across  the 
river  in  the  face  of  the  barbarians,  while 
Hanno  fell  upon  them  in  the  rear.  They  soon 
took  flight,  and  the  passage  of  the  Rhone  was 
accomplished. 

C.44,  6.   Night.' — eKavrjv    i^ev    tyiv    vvKTa,        **  That 

night"  Hannibal  encamped  by  the  side  of  the 
river.  Tarascon,  surrounded  with  fertile  mea- 
dows, is  as  favourable  a  situation  for  an  army 
as  Beaucaire. 

6.  Day. — Tri  ^'eiravpiov,     "  The  next  morn- 

Veget.  Re       *  The  ancients  divided  the  night  (from  surinaeto  sunsi^; 

Mil.  iii.  8.  jjj^q  fQ^j.  equal  portions  or  watches.  Hannibal  crossed  the 
B-hone  about  the  time  of  the  autumnal  equinox — when,  as 
the  days  and  nights  were  of  equal  length,  the  morning 
watch  would  commence  at  3  a.  M. 


THE    MARCH    OF   HANNIBAL.  27 

ing"  Hannibal,  having  intelligence  of  the 
Romans  being  at  the  mouth  of  the  Rhone, 
despatched  500  of  his  Numidian  cavalry  to 
make  a  reconnaissance.  Preparations  were 
made  for  getting  over  the  elephants.  An  as* 
semby  of  the  troops  was  also  held,  at  which 
the  chieftains  from  the  plains  of  the  Po  were 
introduced  ;  who,  by  means  of  interpreters, 
boasted  of  their  readiness  to  make  common 
cause  against  the  Romans — and  extolled  the 
grandeur  and  fertility  of  Italy,  to  which  they 
held  out  promises  of  a  safe  and  speedy  march. 
The  general  himself  next  addressed  the  troops, 
who  manifested  the  utmost  ardour,  and  he 
dismissed  the  assembly,  after  giving  orders  to 
hold   themselves   in  readiness   to  march  the 

following   morning  :     wc   "C  rriv  avpiov  avaZvyrjg 

((To/mivrjg,     After  this,  the  500  Numidians  were 
driven  back  into  the  camp  by  a  detachment  ofc  47. 
Roman  and  Gaulish  horse,*   who  had  been 
sent  out  to  reconnoitre  by  Scipio. 

*  The  Gaulish  horse  were  some  troops  Scipio  found  at  Polyb.  lib, 
Marseilles.     Some  allusion  to  them  appears  to  he  made  in  ^^^i^- 
a  fragment  of  Polybius,  not  uninteresting  to  the  English  Geogr. 
reader.      It  seems  that  when  Scipio  questioned  them  and 
some  other  Gauls  from  Narbonne  and  other  towns,  virep  ttjq 
BperraviKtjq,    "  concerning   Britain,"    ovdetq   etj^e    Xeyeiv 
o'v^eV  fxvriiiYiQ  a^iov,  "not  one  had  any  thing  to  say  worth 
remembering  !"   Polybius  may  perhaps  be  speaking  of  Scipio 
Africanus,  as  he  calls  him  "Scipio;"  he  usually  calls  the 
father  "  Publius." 


28 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 


7.  Night. 

7*    ^^J' — ^V    /^aTtt   TTo^ag   Vf^'^^a  rfJc    kKK\r]aiaq, 

*'  The  next  day  after  the  assembly,"  as  soon 
as  it  was  light,  Hannibal  posted  all  his  cavalry 
on  guard  on  the  side  towards  the  sea,  while 
the  infantry  commenced  their  march.  The 
elephants,  thirty-seven  in  number,  were  then 
brought    over,    and    the    curious   manner   in 

c.  46.  which  this  was  contrived  is  very  circumstan- 
tially detailed  by  Polybius.    With  these  animals 

c.  47.  and  his  cavalry,  Hannibal  proceeded  along  the 
river,  forming  the  rear  guard  of  his  army. 
It  has  been  supposed  that  he  was  occupied  a 
whole  day,  or  even  two  days,  in  transporting  the 
elephants  across  the  Rhone.  There  is  nothing 
in  Polybius  to  justify  this  conjecture,  nor  is  it 
likely  the  general  would  have  permitted  so 
prolonged  a  separation  of  his  forces.  The 
cavalry,  so  remarkable  for  their  celerity,  and 
then  fresh  after  several  days'  repose ;  and  the 
elephants,  whose  shuffle  performs  eight  miles 
an  hour,  would  soon  have  overtaken  the  rest 
of  the  army. 

Thus  we  have  Hannibal,  with  all  his  army, 
fairly  across  the  Rhone,  and  set  forth  on  his 
march  towards  the  Alps.  It  now  becomes  ne- 
cessary to  examine  the  road  he  took  to  reach 
those  mountains. 

Three  roads  leading  across  the  Alps  into 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  29 

Italy,  diverge  from  Tarascon — all  of  them  fre- 
quented by  the  Romans,  and  known  as  early  as 
the  time  of  Polybius,  for  he  speaks  of  them  all. 

1.  One  of  them  takes  a  south-easterly  di- 
rection, through  the  territory  of  the  Ligures, 
by  the  maritime  Alp — the  modern  Corniche 
road  by  Monaco  to  Genoa.  Tliis  is  cele- 
brated in  the  verses  of  Virgil  as  one  of  the 
roads  by  which  the  legions  of  Julius  Csesar 
poured  down  upon  Italy — 

Aggeribus  socer  Alpinis  atque  arce  Monoeci  ^neid.  vi, 

Descendens ;  gener  adversis  instructus  Eols. 

2.  The  second  bears  due  east  upon  leaving 
Tarascon,  and  then,  in  a  north  easterly  direc- 
tion by  the  valley  of  the  Durance,  ascends  the 
Cottian  Alp,  the  modern  Mont  Genevre. 
This,  of  all  the  passes  of  the  Alps,  was  the 
most  frequented  by  the  Romans,  as  leading  to 
a  great  part  of  Gaul,  to  the  Province,  and  to 
Spain.  The  new  and  magnificent  road  across 
this  mountain  was  the  last  undertaken  by 
Bonaparte. 

3.  The  third  road  kept  along  the  left  bank 
of  the  Rhone,  due  north  from  Tarascon,  as 
far  as  the  territory  of  the  Allobroges ;  after 
passing  through  them,  it  traversed  the  Graian 
Alp,  and  descended  into  Italy  by  the  valley 
inhabited  by  the  Salassi — that  is,  in  modern 
geography,  up  the  Rhone  as  far  as  the  depart- 


so  THE    MARCH    OF   HANNIBaL, 

ment  of  the  Isere,  then  to  the  Little  St.  Ber- 
nard, and  thence  into  Italy  by  the  valley  of 
Aosta.* 

By  one  of  these  routes  Hannibal  had  to 
make  his  way  from  Tarascon  to  Italy;  and 
the  words  irapa  Tov  TTora^oi;,  "  along  the  river,'* 
which  frequently  occur  in  Polybius,  imme- 
diately discover  that  it  was  by  the  road  up 
the  Rhone,  towards  the  Graian  Alp. 

Along  this  road,  then,  by  the  side  of  the 
river,  we  find  Hannibal  pressing  forward  with 

Straho,  *  It  is  Strabo  who  informs  us  that  these  three  passes, 

together  with  one  other  by  the  Rhoetian  Alps,  are  men- 
tioned by  Polybius — his  words  are  important. 

IloXv[3tOQ Terrapaq  ^'  virep^daeiq  dvofid'Cei  juovoy  Btd 

Aiyvcjp  ^eV,  ti]v  eyyiffra  rw  Tvppiji^iKa  TreXqyei'  lira  rr)v 
Sid  Tavpiv(t)Vf  r]v  *Avvi(3aq  c)irj\dev'  iira  ti]v  Sid  ^dkaaaruiy' 
T€rdprr]y  Se,  r^u  hd  ^Fairwy.  If  these  words  are  really 
the  words  of  Polybius,  and  are  to  be  preferred  to  the  whole 
of  the  existing  history,  we  may  spare  ourselves  any  farther 
trouble  in  seeking  for  a  road  for  Hannibal  across  the  Alps ; 
because  he  is  here  decidedly  stated  to  have  gone  by  the 
country  of  the  Taurini,  which  means  by  the  Cottian  Alp ; 
and  we  must  be  content  to  remain  for  ever  dissatisfied  with 
the  whole  narrative  of  the  march  of  Hannibal,  which  is 
completely  at  variance  with  this  road.  But  it  is  evident 
that  Strabo  is  not  quoting  any  particular  passage  of  Poly- 
bius, but  merely  enumerating  the  only  four  roads  through 
the  Alps  mentioned  by  that  author  in  dififerent  parts  of  his 
history.  The  interpolation,  therefore,  of  ^v  ^Avvifiaq  dirjXdey, 
h  only  a  parenthetical  comment,  a  gloss  of  Strabo's  own, 
and  not  to  be  considered  as  quoted  from  Polybius. 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  SI 

all  possible  expedition;*  "and  after  having 
marched,"  says  Polybius,  "for  four  days  in 
succession,  subsequent  to  the  passage  of  the 
river,  he  came  to  a  place  called  the  Island." 

*Avvi(5ag  ^e  irofnaafxtvoQ  1^t)Q  eiri  T^TTapag  r]/uLepag  c.  49. 
rrjv  TTopkav  airo  rfjc  diaj^aaecog,  r}Ke  irpog  rrfV  koXov- 
fiivrjv  NritTOV. 

The  Island,!  or  "  Insula  AUobrogum,"  is 
well  known,  and  Polybius's  description  of  it 

*  Ilpo^ye  TTopct  Toy  Trorafidv  aVo  QaXdrrriq'  tjg  cVt  rrjy  eoj  c.  47. 
iroiovfievoQ  Ti)y  iropeiav  wc  etc  ttjp  fxeaoyaiov  Ttjq  EvjOwttj/c. 

"  He  proceeded  along  the  river  away  from  the  sea, — thus 
marching  first  towards  the  east,  then  into  the  midland  of 
Europe."  I  have  never  seen  any  satisfactory  explanation 
of  this  sentence.  Hannibal  unquestionably  marched  up  the 
Rhone,  that  is,  northwards,  towards  the  heart  of  Europe ; 
but  eVi  T7}v  eo),  "  towards  the  east,"  seems  utterly  unintel- 
ligible. I  have  placed  the  stop  which  usually  follows  the 
word  TTora^oi/,  after  6a\c/rrnQ;  and  if  we  can  understand 
the  rest  of  the  sentence^to  the  march  in  general  quite  from 
Spain,  Hannibal  might  safely  be  said  to  advance  first 
"  towards  the  east,"  then,  crossing  the  Rhone  and  turning 
along  the  river  away  from  the  sea,  "  towards  the  centre  of 
Europe."  Some  objection  has  been  made  to  any  passage  of 
the  Rhone  below  its  confluence  with  the  Durance,  thereby 
incurring  the  necessity  of  crossing  that  river  also ;  but  the 
Durance  in  the  autumn,  at  which  time  of  the  year  Hannibal 
reached  it,  presents  no  sort  of  difficulty. 

f  The  "  Insula"  is  composed  of  the  first,  second,  and 
almost  the  whole  of  the  third  arrondissement  of  the  depart- 
ment of  the  Isere,  together  with  five  cantons  of  the  first 
aiTondissement  of  the  department  of  the  Drome  j   and  the 


32  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

which  follows,  is  perfectly  applicable  to  its 
present  condition.  It  lies  almost  entirely 
within  the  department  of  the  Isere,  and  was 
called  an  Island  because  the  Rhone  to  the 
north  and  west,  the  Isere  to  the  south,  and 
the  mountains  of  the  Grande  Chartreuse  to 
the  east,  completely  insulate  it ;  and  those  who 
have  visited  this  beautiful  country  can  vouch 
for  the  justness  of  the  appellation. 

The  distance  of  this  island  is  about  one 
hundred  Roman  miles  from  Tarascon,*  which 
may  appear  an  enormous  space  to  be  traversed 
by  the  Carthaginian  army  in  so  short  a  time 
as  four  days.  Twenty-five  miles  per  day  is 
unquestionably  a  severe  march ;  but  it  is  in 
perfect  accordance  with  the  usual  pace  of 
Hannibal,  who  fell  like  a  thunderbolt  upon 
Italy,  with  a  rapidity  that  not  only  amazed 
the  conscript  fathers  at  Rome,  who  found  him 
upon  the  Po  almost  before  they  fancied  him 
upon  the  Ebro ;  but  excited  the  astonish- 
ment even    of   Scipio,  who  was  himself  dis. 

population,  according  to  a  recent  census,  amounts  to  about 
366,000  souls.  Some  of  the  richest  land  in  France  is  to  be 
met  with  in  this  district. 

*  The  distance  between  the  Isere  and  Roquemaure  is 
stated  by  the  Oxford  authors  to  be  precisely  75  miles ;  that 
between  Roquemaure  and  Tarascon,  measured  on  their  map, 
is  about  25 — making  altogether  100  M.  p. 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  S3 

tinguished  by  the  celerity  of  his  movements. 
Hannibal  had  every  reason  for  hastening  the 
march — the  wild  country,  and  wilder  tribes 
which  encompassed  him — the  advanced  season 
of  the  year — the  precipitation  of  youthful  am- 
bition,* and,  above  all,  an  ardent  desire  to 
anticipate  the  Romans  in  his  descent  upon 
Italy, — all  conspired  to  urge  him  onwards ;  ^ 
while  his  army,  devotedly  attached  to  its 
general,  and  then  particularly  described  as  c.  35. 
being  evZ(jjvov,  exhibited  an  impatience  equal 
to  his  own — even  the  Roman, 

patriis  acer  Romanus  in  armis,  Yirg, 

Injiisto  sub  fasce  viam  quum  carpit,  ethosti  Georg.  iii. 

Ante  exspectatum  positis  stat  in  agmine  castris. 

The    Roman   soldier,    with   the   enormous  cic  Tusc. 

Qu.ii.  14. 

burden  he  was  compelled  to  carry,  performed  Veget.  de 
from  twenty  to  twenty -two  miles,  as  an  ordi-  i.  i9. 
nary   day's   march ;    and  we   shall   find   that 
even  in  the   Alps,  the  Carthaginians  did  as 
much,  or  even  more   than  that,  for  the  three 
last  days  of  their  descent. 

'  *  Hannibal  was  at  this  time  about  twenty-eight  or 
twenty-nine  years  of  age.  The  age  of  Bonaparte,  when  he 
made  his  first  campaign  to  Italy,  was  twenty-six ;  he  crossed 
the  Great  St.  Bernard  when  he  was  thirty.  Polybius  speaks  iii.  c  15. 
of  Hannibal  are  veoq  pey  wr,  TrXyprjq  ^e  TToXefjiiKrjq  dpfitjq 
eTTtTV-^ijq,    ^'eV  rdiq  eTTiftoXcuc. 

D 


§i  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

The  arrival  of  Hannibal  at  the  island  was 
followed  by  some  remarkable  occurrences. 
He  here  found  two  brothers  in  arms  against 
each  other,  contending  for  the  sovereignty  of 
some  Celtic  tribe,  the  name  of  which  is  not 
given  by  Polybius.  The  Carthaginian  general 
turned  this  quarrel  to  his  own  advantage  ; 
for,  by  lending  his  assistance  to  the  elder 
brother,  and  dispossessing  the  younger,  he  so 
far  gained  the  good-will  of  the  successful 
chieftain,  as  to  receive  from  him  in  return 
some  very  important  favours.  The  Cartha^ 
ginians  obtained  from  the  grateful  barbarian  a 
fresh  supply  of  provisions  and  arms — of  clothing 
and  of  shoes  ;  which  latter  equipment  they 
found  of  infinite  use  when  they  reached  the 
higher  parts  of  the  mountains  ;  but  the  greatest 
service  of  all  that  he  rendered  them,  was,  that 
while  they  were  looking  with  anxiety  towards 
the  march  through  the  country  of  the  Gauls, 

c  49.  called  AllobrogeS — evXa^tJg  ^laKei/ULhoig  TTpog  Trjv 

^la  rvjv  'AXXoj3piy(i)V  KaXov/nevcov  FaXarajv  Tropnav, 
he  protected  the  rear  of  the  army  with  his 
own  forces,  covering  their  march,  and  render- 
ing their  passage  secure,  while  they  neared 
the  main  ascent  of  the  Alps. 
But, 

''As  one  who  on  his  journey  bates  at  noon, 
Though  bent  on  speed/' 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  35 

SO  must  we  pause  awhile,  and  take  into  consi- 
deration whereabouts  Hannibal  had  halted, 
and  who  these  barbarians  were,  from  whom 
he  received  so  much  assistance. 

In  the  slender  materials  as  yet  extracted 
from  Polybius,  we  have  not  sufficient  light  to 
elucidate  these  two  points  fully ;  but  we  may 
find  something"  to  assist  us  in  the  research. 

Out  of  the  three  expressions, 

VICE  Trpog  TT]v  k  aXov/Jiivriv  Nriaov, 
irpoQ  r)V  a^iKOfXEvoq, 
and  KaToXafiCjv  kv  avT^y 

the  last  alone  seems  to  indicate  the  arrival  of 
Hannibal  in  the  island.  Even  that  might  have 
the  word  x^P^  understood  meaning  the  place 
which  Hannibal  had  reached ;  but  if  it  must 
be  considered  as  applied  to  the  Nri(Toc,  still  it 
does  not  bear  out  the  conjecture  that  he  had 
made  any  progress  in  that  country.  On  the 
contrary,  that  he  had  not  advanced  into  it,  we 
may  collect  both  from  the  transaction  with 
the  barbarians  being  described  as  occurring 
immediately  after  the  four  days'  march,  with- 
out notice  of  any  subsequent  movement,  and 
from  the  sentence  quoted  above — "  That  the 
army  was  under  great  apprehensions  at  the 
prospect  of  the  march  through  the  country  of 
the  Gauls,  called  Allobroges."  Now,  the 
Allobroges  occupied  the  whole  Insula,  which 

D  2 


36 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

bore  the  name  of  the  Insula  Allobrogum  ;  and 
if  the  army  was  looking  forward  with  dismay 
towards  the  march  through  the  country  of  the 
Allobroges,  it  does  not  appear  probable  that 
they  were  further  advanced  than  the  mere 
confines  of  that  people.  The  army  had  just 
grounds  for  its  apprehensions.  We  shall  find^ 
as  we  proceed,  that  they  were  on  the  eve  of 
entering  a  very  difficult  country,  and  the 
Allobroges  are  invariably  represented  as  ene- 
mies using  every  effort  to  obstruct  the  march, 
until  Hannibal  completely  routed  them  and 
sacked  their  city.  Some  writers  have  sup- 
posed that  these  friendly  barbarians  were  a 
conciliated  portion  of  the  Allobrogian  tribe  : 
nothing  in  Polybius  warrants  this  conjecture  ; 
he  never  says  so,  nor  can  it  even  be  inferred 
from  any  of  his  expressions  :  if  they  were  not 
Allobroges,  they  must  have  been  the  distinct 
people  who  occupied  the  adjoining  country 
on  the  south  bank  of  the  Isere,  and  these  were 
the  Segalauni.* 

*  The  Segalamii  might,  perhaps,  have  had  some  lands  on 
the  north  hank  of  the  Isere,  although  that  river  would  seem 
to  form  their  natural  boundary :  outlying  possessions  of  a 
similar  description  are  recorded  as  belonging  to  other  Gallic 
tribes.  Three  instances  mentioned  by  Csesar  present  them- 
selves at  this  moment : — 

I.  The  Allobroges  occupied  certain  lands  on  the  right 
bank  of  the  Rhone,     (b.  g.  i.  11.) 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

If  we  cast  our  eyes  on  any  map  of  that  part 
of  France  which  once  bore  the  name  of  Dau- 
phiny,  we  perceive  that  the  three  towns  of 
Valence,  (Valentia,)  Romans,  and  Tain, 
(Tegna,)  form  a  nearly  equilateral  triangle  ; 
the  Rhone  flows  on  its  western  side,  while  the 
Isere,  running  from  the  eastern  angle  at  Ro- 
mans, divides  the  figure  into  nearly  equal  por- 
tions. Somewhere  within  the  limits  of  this 
triangle,  at  one  or  other,  perhaps,  of  the 
above-mentioned  towns,  the  Carthaginians  must 
have  fallen  in  with  their  anonymous  friends  ; 
and  there,  during  a  few  days'  halt,  prepared 
themselves  for  ulterior  and  more  hazardous 
operations.  These  extended  limits  are  allowed 
for  the  purpose  of  allaying  the  alarms  of  those 
who,  arguing  from  the  words  ev  avry,  require 
Hannibal  to  be  positively  within  the  Insula. 
In  my  own  mind,  I  have  not  the  slightest 
doubt  but  that  Valence  was  the  scene  of  these 
operations.  Its  distance  from  the  place  where 
the  Rhone  was  passed  is  exactly,  or  almost 
exactly,  800  stadia,  100  m.  p.,  and  it  will  be 
shown  that  its  position  equally  well  agrees 
with  the  distance  assigned  to  the  first  ascent 

II.  The  Rhemi  had   some  establishment  north  of  tlie 
Axona  (Aisne.)     (b.  g.  ii.  6.) 

III.  The  Menapii  are  represented  as  having  possessions 
beyond  the  Rhine,     (b.  g.  iv.  4.) 


38  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL, 

of  the  Alps.  Hannibal  is  dealing*  with  a 
people  who  are  evidently  not  the  Allobroges, 
and  can  therefore  be  no  other  than  the  Se« 
g-alauni,  of  whom  Valence  was  the  capital ;  at 
Valence,  too,  the  high-road  turns  away  from 
the  river,  and  leads  directly  towards  the  Alps. 
How  far  this  position  agrees  with  Hannibal's 
subsequent  proceedings  we  shall  discover  as 
we  follow  him  on  his  march. 

Hannibal  has  now  to  proceed  on  his  march, 
and  at  this  point,  all  the   doubts,   difficulties, 
and   disputes    of   all  writers  who    undertake 
to  trace  his  progress,  have  their  origin.     The 
Roman  historian,  who  leads  the  literary  host, 
makes  the  Carthaginians,  after  marching  con- 
tinually to   the   northward,  now  turn  sharply 
round    towards    the    south-east,    and   pursue 
their  way  to   the   Cottian  Alp.     In   this    he 
is  followed  by  several  authors,  who,  in  fruit- 
less attempts    to    produce   harmony   between 
him  and    Polybius,   conduct    Hannibal   along 
the   south    side    of  the    Isere   to  the    Mont 
Genevre,   or    to    the    Mont    Cenis.      Others, 
again,  abandoning  Livy,  have  almost  proved, 
from  Polybius  alone,  that  Hannibal  marched 
a  considerable  way  along  the  Rhone  above  its 
confluence  with  the  Isere  ;  and  then,  crossing 
the  "  Insula,"  and  the  mountains,  which  form 
its  eastern  side,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Les 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  39 

Echelles,  found  his  way  to  the  valley  of  the 
Little  St.  Bernard  by  the  town  of  Chambery, 
the  ancient  Lemincum.  Above  all,  the  eru- 
dite historian  of  Manchester,  who  has  written 
copiously  on  the  question,  has  astonished  all 
those  who  have  considered  the  subject,  by 
boldly  carrying  Hannibal  by  an  inexplicable 
route,  to  the  foot  of  the  Alps  at  Martigny, 
and  thence  across  the  Great  St.  Bernard. 

The  only  roads  by  which  Hannibal  could 
possibly  have  gained  the  Cottian  Alp  from 
his  position  near  the  confluence  of  the  Isere 
and  the  Rhone,  are  the  following : — 

I.  The  road  by  which  Livy  conducts  the 
Carthaginians,  was  one  which  any  Roman 
traveller  in  the  days  of  Livy  would  probably 
have  chosen.  It  led  from  Valence  up  the 
valley  of  the  Druna,  (Drome,)  the  country  of 
the  Vocontii,  and  thence  by  Vapincum,  (Gap,) 
into  the  valley  of  the  Durance,  occupied  by 
the  Caturiges.  The  Saltus  Taurinus,  or  Alpis 
Cottia,  now  the  Mont  Genevre,  is  at  the 
sources   of  the  Durance.     By  this   road  we  CaesarB.o.i. 

Tacit. 

find  Csesar  at  the  head  of  five  legions  hurrying  Hist. *i.  46. 
from  Italy  to  oppose  the   Helvetii,*   and  Fa-  xiv. 
bins  Valens  from  the  Rhine  leading  a  division 

*  Caesar  was  opposed  by  the  Centrones,  the  Garoceli,  and 
the  Caturiges — the  inhabitants  of  the  high  valleys  of  the 
Isere,   the   Arc,    and  the   Durance.     These    mountaineers 


40  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

of  Vitellius's  army  against  Otho.  Constan- 
tine,  too,  on  his  way  to  seize  the  empire,  and 
change  the  condition  of  the  world.  It  seems 
to  have  become  the  most  frequented  passage 
of  the  mountains,  after  the  Emilian  Way  and 
other  roads  on  the  Italian  side  had  opened  a 
more  direct  communication  with  the  Cottian 
Alp. 

There  is  no  road  of  any  magnitude  from 
Valence  along  the  south  bank  of  the  Isere, 
owing  to  the  impracticable  nature  of  the 
country.     But, 

II.  Upon  reaching  the  Drac,  which  falls 
into  the  Isere  just  below  Grenoble,  a  road 
leads  up  the  valley  of  that  river,  formerly  the 
country  of  the  Tricorii,  to  Gap,  and  so  to  the 
Cottian  Alp. 

III.  From  this  road,  another  diverges, 
from  the  banks  of  the  Drac  up  the  valley  of  a 
tributary  river,  called  the  Romanche,  anciently 
inhabited  by  the  Uceni ;  and  this  road,  which 
is  given  in  the  Theodosian  Table,  reaches  the 

would  easily  have  communicated  by  the  Col  de  la  Vanoise 
between  the  Isere  and  the  Arc ;  and  by  the  Col  de  Galibier 
between  the  Arc  and  the  Durance.  Both  these  Cols  were 
frequented  during  the  wars  in  the  Alps,  in  the  time  of  Louis 
XIV.  (See  the  Memoires  of  Marshall  Berwick,  vol.  ii.) 
Caesar  treats  the  attacks  of  these  people  with  great  indif- 
ference, "  Compluribus  his  pulsis  praeliis,''  etc. 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  41 

foot  of  the  Cottian  Alp  at   Brigantio   (Bri- 
an9on.) 

IV.  The  fourth  and  last  road,  leading-,  not 
indeed  to  the  Mont  Genevre,  but  to  the  Mont 
Cenis, — and  thus  not  to  the  Cottian  Alp, 
strictly  speaking, — is  the  famous  modern  road 
well  known  to  all  the  world.  It  follows  the 
stream  of  the  Arc  up  the  valley  formerly  in- 
habited by  the  Garoceli ;  but  although  so  easy 
a  pass  to  the  modern  traveller,  there  is  no 
authority  for  believing  it  to  have  been  used 
by  the  ancients. 

All  these  roads  have  their  respective  advo- 
cates, in  the  hopeless  task  of  making  Livy 
agree  with  Polybius  ;  the  result  is,  that  they 
accord  with  neither  the  Latin  nor  the  Greek 
historian. 

To  reach  the  Graian  Alp  from  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  Valence,  Hannibal  would  have 
had  two  roads : 

I.  One,  Roman  through  its  whole  extent^ 
which  would  have  led  him  to  the  north  along  the 
Rhone,  as  far  as  Vienne,  the  ancient  "  Vienna 
Allobrogum,"  the  capital  of  the  "  Insula ;" 
thence  nearly  due  east  over  the  Mont  du 
Chat,  where  it  would  fall  into  the  plain  of 
Chambery,  and  afford  an  easy  approach  to  the 
valley  of  Little  St.  Bernard.  It  is  in  this 
direction   that   General    Melville,    and   those 


4}i  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

writers  who  have  adopted  his  opinion,  con- 
duct the  Carthaginians  ;  and  so  ably  has  this 
theory  been  supported,  that  to  dispute  it  may 
appear  almost  like  presumption.  Neverthe- 
less, after  having*  been  a  complete  convert  to 
it  myself  for  a  length  of  time,  some  recent 
reflection  upon  the  subject  has  allowed  me  to 
perceive  it  was  not  without  difficulties,  which, 
added  to  some  further  examination  of  the 
country,  has  led  me  to  its  abandonment,  and, 
finally,  to  the  adoption  of  a  new  line  of  march, 
which  I  now  bring  forward  with  a  thorough 
conviction  of  its  accuracy.  The  road  which 
appears  to  me  to  be  the  right  one  is, 

II.  A  road  from  Valence,  short,  obvious, 
and  direct,  up  the  valley  of  the  Isere,  crossing 
that  river  at  Romans  into  the  country  of  the 
Allobroges  ;  and  thence,  by  Grenoble,  the 
ancient  Gratianopolis,  and  still  more  ancient 
Cularo,  to  the  entrance  of  the  valley  of  the 
Little  St.  Bernard  at  Mont  Meillan.  It  may, 
perhaps,  in  limine  be  objected  to  this  road, 
that  it  was  not  open  in  the  time  of  the 
Romans,  for  it  is  not  mentioned  in  their 
Itineraries  ;  but  are  we  to  imagine  that  so 
ostensible  a  line  of  communication,  along  so 
magnificent  a  valley,  containing  so  antique 
and  celebrated  a  city,  and  in  which  we  now 
find  a  great  road  of  unknown  origin,  could 


THE    MARCH    OF   HANNIBAL.  43 

ever  have  been  destitute  of  a  way  up  and 
down  it,  even  in  the  earliest  ages  ?  It  cer- 
tainly seems  strange  that  no  Roman  road 
through  it  is  upon  record  5  but  Valence  com- 
municated with  Italy  by  the  Cottian  Alps, 
while  Vienna  and  Lyons,  on  the  north, 
reached  the  Graian  Alp  by  the  Mont  du 
Chat.  No  post  road,  therefore,  would  have 
been  wanted  between  Valence  and  Mont 
Meillan ;  but  I  shall  adduce  one  proof  that 
some  sort  of  road  existed  there  as  early  as 
about  B.  c.  40 — **  Consule  Planco,''  the  ma- 
terials of  which  are  collected  from  the  10th 
and  11th  books  of  Cicero's  Letters. 

Lucius  Munatius  Plancus,  at  the  head  of  an 
army  in  Gaul,  dates  a  letter  to  Cicero  from 
Cularo.*  He  was  there  evidently  communi- 
cating both  up  and  down  the  valley,  because 
on  the  west  he  had  thrown  a  bridge  across  the 
Isere,  near  its  union  with  the  Rhone  ;  and  on 
the  east  he  was  expecting  to  be  joined  by  the 
forces  of  Decimus  Brutus,  who,  at  that  time, 
was  at  Eporedia,  Ivrea  in  Piedmont,  and 
consequently   intending   to   pass  the    Graian 

Alp. 

Up  the  valley  of  the  Isere,  by  way  of  Gre- 

*  It  is  true  that  this  date  is  commonly  written,  "  Civa.- 
rone,  ex  finibus  Allobrogum,"  which  is  clearly  a  mistake  for 
"  Culaxone" 


44  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

noble,  (the  straightest  road  towards  the  Alps,) 
I  conceive  Hannibal  to  have  marched  from 
the  city  of  Valence  ;  whether  along  a  Roman 
highway  or  not  is  of  little  consequence,  for 
we  are  not  now,  as  we  were,  between  the 
Pyrenees  and  the  Rhone,  restricted  to  "  a  road 
measured  and  marked  by  the  Romans." 
Polybius  thus  resumes  the  narrative — 

c.  50.  *Avvif3ag  ^'ev    7]fJii^aiq   ^lica — 7ro^^v%uq   irapa   rov 

TTOTa/uLOv    elg  OKTaKoaiovq    ara^iovQ,   r]^^aro  ti]q  tt^oq 
rag' AXtthq  avapoXrjg, 

"  Hannibal,  after  ten  days,  having  marched 
along  the  Rhone  to  the  distance  of  800  stadia, 
began  the  ascent  towards  the  Alps." 

The  historian  here  sums  up  the  time  and 
distance  passed  by  Hannibal  on  the  banks  of 
the  Rhone  previous  to  his  striking  away  from 
that  river  towards  the  Alps.  The  800  stadia, 
or  100  M.  p.,  is  exactly  the  distance  between 
Tarascon  and  Valence  ;  and  the  ten  days 
seem  to  be  composed  of  the  four  days'  march 
from  Tarascon,  added  to  six  which  we  may 
safely  assign  as  the  period  of  his  stay  among 
the  friendly  barbarians. 

In  common  with  the  other  readers  of  Poly- 
bius, I  had  always,  until  lately,  believed  that 
this  distance  of  800  stadia  along  the  Rhone, 
ought  to  be  measured  north  of  its  confluence 
with  the  Isere,  apparently  for  no  better  reason 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  45 

than  because  it  happens  to  be  mentioned  after 
the  notice  of  Hannibal's  arrival  at  the  Insula. 
But  there  is  nothing  in  Polybius  that  supports 
such  a  notion  ;  and  two  reasons  out  of  many- 
will  be  sufficient  to  allege  against  it ;  perhaps 
after  the  first  is  stated,  the  second  may  be 
deemed  superfluous. 

I.  In  the  first  place,  the  thing  cannot  he 
done.  There  is  no  possibility,  with  any 
rational  result,  to  produce  a  march  of  100 
M.  p.  along  the  river,  after  Hannibal's  arrival 
upon  the  Isere.  Those  who  carry  the  Car- 
thaginians to  the  Cottian  Alp,  and  explain 
Trapa  tov  TrorajuLov  as  meaning  the  Isere,  the 
Drac,  the  Romanche,  or  the  Arc,  are  evi- 
dently forcing  a  meaning  from  the  words,  of 
which  they  will  not  admit ;  while  those  who 
point  towards  the  Graian  Alp,  allow  them- 
selves great  latitude,  in  measuring  the  distance 
along  the  river,  for  they  make  Hannibal  turn 
away  from  it  at  Vienne,  about  forty  miles 
only  above  the  Isere,  and  are  satisfied  with 
his  approaching  it  again  at  Aouste,  near  the 
foot  of  the  Mont  du  Chat. 

II.  If  the  100  M.  p.  "  along  the  river"  are 
measured  after  Hannibal's  arrival  at  the  In- 
sula, wherever  they  terminate,  the  Alps  ought 
to  begin ;    because   75   m.  p.  having   already 


46  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

been  calculated  between  Roquemaure  and  the 
Isere,  the  whole  Polybian  distance  (175  m.  p.) 
between  the  passage  of  the  Rhone  and  the 
Alps  would  be  completed.  But  instead  of 
meeting  with  the  Alps,  we  meet  with  a  battle, 
and  the  capture  of  a  town,  which  is  com- 
pletely at  variance  with  Polybius,  who  places 
these  events  at  the  interval  of  two  days'  march 
from  the  foot  of  the  Alps.  For  we  shall  find 
that  a  halt  of  one  day  at  the  captured  town, 
and  a  subsequent  march  of  two  days,  are 
reckoned  among  the  eighteen  days  counted  be- 
tween the  said  town  and  the  plains  of  the  Po  ; 
out  of  which  eighteen  days,  fifteen*  only  are 
allotted  to  the  passage  of  the  Alps.  It  follows, 
therefore,  that  the  fight  with  the  Allobroges, 
and  the  capture  of  their  town,  was  at  the  dis- 
tance of  two  days'  march  before  the  com- 
mencement of  the  Alps. 

I  might  add,  that  100  m.  p.  in  ten  days — ten 
miles  a  day  only — would  have  been  extraordi- 
narily slow  marching,  and  so  utterly  unlike 

p.  115.  *  The  Oxford  authors  are  of  opinion  that  we  ought  to 

read  eighteen  instead  of  fifteen  days,  in  Polyhius ;  because 

Tit  Liv.     ^^^^  them  the  fight  with  the  Allobroges,  and  the  first  ascent 

^^^-  of  the  Alps,  are  contemporaneous  events.     But  Livy,  who 

here  translates  Polybius,    supports  the   reading,   "Quinto 

decimo  die  alpibus  superatis.'' 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  #7 

the  rest  of  Hannibal's  proceedings,  that  of 
itself  it  is  sufficient  to  create  some  suspicion 
of  an  erroneous  interpretation. 

It  is,  then,  from  the  banks  of  the  Rhone,  in 
the  vicinity  of  its  confluence  with  the  Isere, 
that  Hannibal,  "  after  ten  days,  having  march- 
ed along  the  river  to  the  distance  of  800 
stadia,"  began  the  ascent  irpog  Tag'^AXireig  ''  to- 
wards the  Alps" — not  rwv  'AXttewv  *'  of  the 
Alps" — the  first  day's  march  would  have  car- 
ried him  to  the  banks  of  the  Isere,  and  the 
hostile  territory  of  the  Allobroges,  separated 
by  the  stream  of  that  river  only,  lay  before  him. 
It  will  now  become  necessary  to  watch  his 
progress  with  increased  vigilance,  and  to  ob- 
serve in  what  degree  the  nature  of  the  country 
corresponds  with  the  events  recorded  by  Poly- 
bius.  If  this  part  of  the  march  should  be 
found  treated  too  much  in  detail,  it  must  be 
remembered  that  the  topography  is  new  as 
connected  with  Hannibal's  operations,  having 
never  yet  been  compared  with  the  description 
given  in  history  ;  while  the  author,  convinced 
of  the  truth  of  his  theory,  pleads  guilty  to  the 
justness  of  the  remark, 

"  To  observations  we  ourselves  do  make. 
We  grow  more  partial  for  the  observer's  sake." 

The  town  of  Valence,  situated  close  upon 


48  THE    MARCH    OF   HANNIBAL. 

the  left  bank  of  the  Rhone,  lays  clahn  to  an 
antiquity  as  remote  as  almost  any  town  in 
France,  but  it  has  preserved  scarce  a  single 
relic  of  its  original  inhabitants  ;  all  that  I  met 
with  were  two  insignificant  bas-reliefs  inserted 
in  the  walls  of  the  convent  of  the  Soeurs 
Grises  :  one  of  these  marbles,  probably  a 
sepulchral  memorial,  represents  a  male  and 
female  figure,  together  with  two  children. 
In  the  other  fragment  an  arch  is  discoverable, 
under  which  stand  two  men — one  clad  appa- 
rently in  the  ''  weeds  of  peace^"  the  other  in 
the  "  paludamentum"  of  war:  under  an  ad- 
joining arch  is  seen  the  figure  of  a  soldier 
seated,  and  leaning  forward  on  his  shield. 
No  inscription  which  might  have  recorded  the 
name  of  the  Segalauni  was  to  be  heard  of;  but 
Notice  de  as  D'Auvillc  obscrvcs,  "  Ptolemee  indiquant 
590^^^'^'  T^alentia  chez  les  Segalauni,  entre  Vienne 
des  Allohroges  et  les  Tricastin%  ne  laisse 
aucun  doute  sur  I'emplacement  de  ce 
peuple." 

The  distance  of  Valence  from  Tarascon 
agrees  so  closely  with  the  100  m.  p.  "  along 
the  river,"  of  Poly  bins,  that  no  objection  to  it 
on  that  ground  can  possibly  be  raised ;  while 
its  position  in  front  of  the  "  Insula,"  being 
the  last  town  before  arriving  in  that  country, 
and  distant  not  five  miles  from  the  Port  de 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  49 

I'Isere,  agrees  most  satisfactorily  with  the 
words  Trprjg  Trjv  and  TTpoQ  rjv,  as  used  by  Poly- 
bius.  At  Valence,  the  road  by  which  we 
arrive  from  Tarascon,  divides ;  forming  two 
branches,  between  which  we  have  now  to 
choose. 

I.  One  branch  continues  its  course  at  no 
great  distance  from  the  bank  of  the  Rhone, 
passing  the  Isere,  near  the  confluence  of  the 
two  rivers,  over  a  splendid  stone  bridge, 
nearly  200  yards  in  length,  composed  of  seven 
arches,  of  which  the  last  on  the  northern  ex- 
tremity has  never  been  finished,  but  remains 
constructed  of  wood,  to  prevent  the  sacrifice 
of  a  stone  arch  in  the  event  of  war  :  on  the 
southern  side,  the  bridge  is  approached  by  a 
causeway  of  considerable  magnitude ;  this 
traverses  a  low  tract  of  land,  cultivated,  al- 
though the  furious  devastations  of  the  Isere 
do  not  always  allow  the  poor  inhabitants  to 
reap  what  they  sow.  The  road  continues 
along  the  side  of  the  Rhone  without  interrup- 
tion until  it  reaches  Lyons  ;  and  being  the 
principal  thoroughfare  between  Marseilles  and 
that  city,  is  thronged  with  an  endless  succes- 
sion of  loaded  waggons. 

II.  The  other  road  from  Valence,  quitting 
the  neighbourhood  of  the  Rhone,  and  taking 
a  north-easterly  direction,  broad  and  straight, 


50  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

traverses  a  continued  plain,  interrupted  only 
by  two  curious  winding  hollows  in  its  surface, 
resembling  the  deserted  beds  of  rivers.  The 
upper  soil  of  this  plain  is  a  gravelly  clay,  con- 
taining large  boulders,  of  which  the  old  bat- 
tlemented  walls  and  turrets  of  Valence  are 
constructed.  The  country  is  far  from  beauti- 
ful, but  well  cultivated,  and  produces  great 
quantities  of  silk.  At  the  Peage  de  Pizan9on, 
opposite  the  town  of  Romans,  the  road  comes 
upon  the  Isere,  rolling  a  very  considerable 
body  of  water  between  deep  and  steep  banks 
of  sand  and  alluvium. 

Between  these  two  roads,  both  conducting 
us  to  the  "  Insula,"  we  have  no  difficulty  in 
deciding.  The  distance  of  800  stadia,  100 
M.  p.,  Tra^a  tov  -irorafxov  "  along  the  river," 
having  expired  at  Valence,  we  must  at  that 
town  turn  away  from  the  Rhone,  and,  conse- 
quently, take  the  road  leading  towards  Ro- 
mans, which  not  only  quits  the  banks  of  the 
river,  but  encourages  us  as  presenting  a  most 
obvious  and  direct  approach  towards  the  Alps. 
The  distance  between  Valence  and  Romans  is 
about  ten  miles.  Hannibal  would,  therefore, 
easily  reach  the  Peage  de  Pizan9on  from  Va- 
lence in  a  short  day's  march ;  and  it  probably 
cost  him  but  little  time  to  carry  his  army  over 
the  Isere.     The  river  is  here  about  140  yards 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  51 

across.  Plancus,  in  his  letters  to  Cicero, 
more  than  once  boasts  of  his  expedition  in 
throwing  a  bridge  across  the  Isere  in  a  single 
day.  "  Itaque  in  Isara,  flumine  maximo,  cic.  Ep.  ad 
quod  in  finibus  est  Allobrogum,  ponte  uno  die  l-'^i*. 
facto,  exercitum  a.  d.  quartum  Idus  Maii 
traduxi."  This  was  in  the  month  of  May,  at 
which  season  the  waters  of  this  river  are  ^»^ 
at  their  greatest  height.  Polybius  does  not 
inform  us  by  what  means  the  Carthaginians 
contrived  to  effect  their  passage  :  but  we  may 
argue  from  his  silence  that  they  encountered 
no  obstacle,  and  reached  the  opposite  shore  of 
the  "  Insula"  in  safety. 

It  was  at  Romans,  therefore,  that  Hannibal 
entered  upon  the  dreaded  territory  of  the  Al- 
lobroges   "gens,'*  as  Livy  calls  them,   '*  jam  Tit.  Li  v. 

xxi,  31. 

inde  nulla  gallica  gente  opibus  aut  fama  in- 
ferior ;"  from  whom,  when  they  at  last  sub- 
mitted to  the  Roman  arms,  one  hundred 
years  after  the  time  of  Hannibal,  a  Fabius 
Maximus  did  not  disdain  to  receive  the 
honourable  appellation  of  Allobrogicus.  They 
must  either  have  been  remarkable  for  their 
ferocity,  or  have  from  the  beginning  declared 
their  determination  to  oppose  Hannibal,  for 
his  army  began  to  entertain  apprehensions  of 
them  even  before  it  entered  their  territories. 
Hannibal  had  now  fairly  invaded  the  "  Insula.^ 

E    2 


52  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

Polyb.in.  j^^^  (Tvv£J3rj  fuLeyiaroig  avrov  rrepiireaeiv  kiv^vvoiq. 

"  And  it  happened  that  very  great  dangers 
befell  him." 

But  not  immediately,  for  Polybius  goes  on 
to  inform  us  that, 

ecog  fiev  yap  Iv  roig  ETrtTrcooic  vcjav,  airUyovro 
TTavreQ  avrCjv  ot  Kara  jjLQpog  -nyejULOveg  tCjv  AXXo- 
f^jiyijjv,  TO.  /idv  Tovg  linreig  ^e^ioreg,  ra  ^e  rovg 
TrapaTTc/HTrovTag  (5apf3apovg. 

*'  As  long  as  they  (the  Carthaginians)  were 
in  the  plains,  all  the  chieftains  of  the  Allo- 
broges,  in  succession,  kept  aloof  from  them, 
some  fearing  the  cavalry,  others  the  barbarians 
who  accompanied  the  army." 

For  some  time,  therefore,  we  are  not  to 
expect  to  meet  any  mountains  5  and  we  shall 
observe  in  the  sequel  how  far  an  open  country 
answering  that  description  will  be  found  to 
extend. 

Leaving  the  old  walls  and  battlements  of 
Romans  behind  us,  we  ascend  to  a  wide  ele- 
vated plain,  across  which  the  road,  broad, 
direct,  and  lined  on  each  side  with  mulberry 
and  walnut  trees,  stretches  for  about  seven 
miles  as  straight  as  an  arrow  towards  the  Poste 
of  Les  Fauris.  On  looking  back,  the  view  to 
the  westward  is  bounded  by  the  distant  hazy 
hills  of  the  Viverais  beyond  the  Rhone  ;  on 
our  right,  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  Isere,  a 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  53 

fine  range  of  limestone  mountains  takes  a 
course  from  south-west  to  north-east.  We 
see  their  sides,  which  form  the  boundary  of 
the  low  country  in  that  direction,  riven  and 
split  into  the  most  fantastic  and  picturesque 
gorges,  cliffs,  and  chasms,  one  of  which,  at  Pont 
en  Royans,  is  a  favourite  resort  of  the  Parisian 
artists.  A  low  range  of  undulating  sand-hills, 
forming  a  semicircular  sweep  from  Romans  to 
Les  Fauris,  bounds  the  plain  towards  the 
north.  These  hills,  compared  with  the  plain, 
have  a  sterile  aspect ;  they  are,  nevertheless, 
extensively  cultivated,  and  the  vine  thrives  in 
many  places  along  their  sides.  They  are,  in 
fact,  a  part  of  the  same  range,  which,  at  its 
western  extremity,  near  Tain,  upon  the  Rhone, 
after  undergoing  a  change  of  soil,  produces 
the  famous  Vin  de  I'Ermitage  ;  and  there  an 
acre  of  its  slope  sells  for  a  thousand  guineas. 
These  hills  confine  the  view  on  the  north,  and 
by  approaching  the  Isere  at  Les  Fauris,  they 
oblige  the  road  to  descend  close  to  the  river, 
and  to  continue  under  their  sandstone  cliffs 
and  slopes  until  it  emerges  again,  after  passing 
the  stream  of  the  Furand.  We  pass  this  tor- 
rent, which,  although  generally  a  mere  rivulet, 
is  sometimes  a  considerable  river,  by  a  ford. 
Its  waters,  some  years  ago,  carried  away  a 
stone  bridge,  which  has  not  yet  been  replaced. 


54  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

The  ruins  of  an  ancient  chateau,  which  once 
defended  the  passage,  are  seen  upon  the 
heights  to  the  left.  Many  such  old  dilapidated 
forts  are  scattered  over  this  country  once 
tenanted  by  the  powerful  and  turbulent  Seig- 
neurs of  Dauphiny,  the  successors,  and  pro- 
bably no  bad  representatives,  of  the  Allobro- 
gian  chieftains  of  the  days  of  Hannibal. 
Rising  from  the  bed  of  the  Furand,  we  find 
ourselves  again  upon  a  plain  similar  to  the 
last ;  the  sand-hills  once  more  retire  to  the 
left ;  they  are  now  more  wooded,  and  many 
houses  are  visible  on  their  sides.  On  the 
right,  the  plain  through  which  the  Isere  flows, 
in  a  bed  too  deep  to  admit  of  its  being  visible, 
reaches  to  the  foot  of  the  lofty  limestone 
mountains  of  Sassenage,  which  we  begin  to 
perceive  we  are  approaching  in  an  oblique 
direction.  The  road  again  continues  in  a 
perfectly  straight  line  for  some  males,  until  it 
reaches  the  little  town  of  St.  Marcellin,  where 
the  sand-hills,  having  formed  another  semi- 
circular sweep,  again  come  in  contact  with  it. 
From  the  terrace  above  St.  Marcellin,  on  the 
north,  near  the  chateau  of  Bellevue,  we  com- 
mand a  magnificent  prospect — a  plain  on  each 
side  of  the  town,  traversed  by  our  road,  lies 
to  the  west  and  east.  In  front  is  expanded 
all  the  rich  valley  intermediate   between  us 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  55 

and  the  Sassenage  mountains ;  these  are  now 
so  near  that  all  their  romantic  crevices  are 
perfectly  distinguishable,  and  are  lighted  up 
to  great  advantage  by  an  evening  sun.  The 
most  remarkable  are,  one  towards  Pont  en 
Royans  before  mentioned,  and  another  at 
Iseron,  further  to  the  east.  Between  the  two, 
overhanging  a  ravine,  we  see  the  ruins  of  the 
ancient  Castle  of  Beauvoir,  once  the  residence 
of  the  old  Dauphins ;  where,  in  1385,  Andre, 
the  infant  heir  of  Humbert  II.,  the  last  of 
the  Dauphins,  came  to  some  doubtful  and  un- 
timely end.  The  little  inn  of  St.  Marcellin, 
Le  petit  Paris,  enjoys  the  distinction  of  being 
noticed  by  the  **  Hermite  en  Provence :" 
the  talkative  old  landlord,  Vhistorien  des 
vignes  de  Vlsere^  appears  to  have  been 
gathered  unto  his  fathers,  but  his  cellar  and 
good  cheer  survive  in  great  perfection  ;  and 
mine  hostess  makes  amends  for  the  unpro- 
mising exterior  of  her  mansion  by  supplying 
her  guests  with  excellent  beds.  After  tra- 
versing another  plain  upon  quitting  St.  Mar- 
cellin, we  again  meet  the  sand-hills,  and  are 
near  enough  to  the  Isere  to  see  it  flowing  in 
a  deep  channel  at  their  base  :  their  slopes  are 
a  mixture  of  cultivation  and  coppices  of 
Spanish  chesnut.  We  descend  again  at  the 
mill  of  Tesche  \  the  plain  now  assumes  a  very 


56  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

luxuriant  aspect,  and  is  well  protected  on  the 
north  by  the  sand-hills,  which  are  here  com- 
pletely covered  with  a  rich  clothing  of  vines. 
In  the  middle  of  the  plain  stands  Vinay,  at 
the  extremity  Lalbenc.  We  now  commence 
an  ascent  winding  between  the  hills,  which 
undulate  agreeably,  and  are  covered  with 
brushwood.  Among  them,  in  a  little  elevated 
plain,  the  village  of  Chantese  is  prettily 
situated.  Ascending  again,  we  find  ourselves 
considerably  above  the  Isere  and  its  plain. 
Connected  with  the  sand-hills  on  which  we 
are,  and  at  no  great  distance  on  the  right  of 
our  road,  we  may  observe  low  blocks  of  lime- 
stone appearing  in  several  places,  remarkable 
as  beino'   detached  from  the  massive  ranere  of 


'to 


range 


that  rock  on  the  other  side  of  the  Isere.  Just 
before  we  commence  the  descent  of  these  hills, 
and  about  a  quarter  of  an  hour  before  reach- 
ing Tullins,  at  the  inn  of  Morette,  we  come 
upon  a  fine  bold  "boutdu  monde,"  presenting 
a  magnificent  prospect.  A  plain  of  extraor- 
dinary fertility  lies  below  us ;  the  hills  on 
which  we  stand  forming  a  semicircular  bend 
to  the  north,  are  connected  at  their  eastern 
extremity  with  the  fine  craggy  mountains  of 
the  Grande  Chartreuse,  which  rise  imme- 
diately in  front  of  us  to  the  eastward.  Those 
of  Sassenage  on  our  right  are  nearer  and  more 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  5^ 

magnificent  than  ever  ;  and  the  Isere,  in  a 
wide  straggling  current,  is  seen  emerging 
from  the  jaws  of  its  valley  at  Voreppe.  Near 
this  town  the  precipices  of  the  Sassenage  and 
the  cliffs  of  the  Grande  Chartreuse  lock  so 
closely,  that  the  entrance  of  the  valley  leading 
to  Grenoble  is,  in  some  lights,  absolutely  in- 
distinguishable, and  we  are  at  a  loss  to  know 
whence  the  river  can  possibly  come.  Tullins 
is  nearly  at  the  bottom  of  the  descent ;  the 
adjacent  country  is  some  of  the  richest  of  all 
the  rich  vale  of  Gresivaudan ;  a  proverb 
exists,  *'  Si  le  Dauphine  etait  un  Mouton 
Tullins  en  serait  le  rognon."  Through  this 
luxuriant  tract  we  continue  until  we  arrive  at 
Moirans.  Moirans  is  the  ancient  Morginnum, 
and  is  thus  noticed  by  D'Anville  : — "  On  Notice  de 
trouve  ce  lieu  dans  la  Table  Theodosienne  sur  p.  465. 
la  route  de  Vienne  a  Cularo  ou  Grenoble — et 
la  distance  a  Tegard  de  Cularo  est  marquee 
XIIII.  Cetle  distance  est  tres-convenable 
entre  Grenoble  et  Moirans  selon  la  mesure 
du  mille  comme  on  ne  pent  se  dispenser  de 
I'employer  dans  I'etendue  de  la  Province  Ro- 
maine,  et  le  nom  de  Moirans  conserve  encore 
du  rapport  a  la  denomination  qui  donne  la 
Table.  Dans  les  titres  du  Dauphine  ce  nom 
est   Moirencum,   et  il  n'est  pas  encore    hors 


58  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

d'usage  d'ecrire  Moirenc."  This  is  the  first 
town  since  leaving*  Valence  that  is  noticed  by 
any  Roman  writer,  or  in  any  of  the  Itinera- 
ries.  No  doubt,  however,  can  be  entertained 
of  a  road  having-  existed  from  the  earliest 
periods,  and  kept  the  very  line  we  now  travel. 
Along  this  line  are  seated  the  towns  of  Ro- 
mans, St.  Marcellin,  Vinay,  Lalbenc,  and 
Tullins,  and  have  so  existed  immemorially ; 
while  the  wrecks  of  numerous  old  castles, 
destined  for  the  defence  or  plunder  of  the 
country,  point  out  this  as  the  principal  line  of 
communication. 

At  Moirans  we  are  almost  at  the  extremity 
of  the  plains.  In  less  than  an  hour  from  it  we 
find  ourselves  immediately  under  an  abrupt 
escarpment  of  limestone  rocks,  which  extend- 
ing from  Voreppe  upon  the  Isere  to  St.  Genix 
upon  the  Rhone,  completely  shut  up  the  "  In- 
sula" on  the  east  with  a  natural  wall  of  pre- 
cipices, well  described  by  Polybius  as 

iii.  49.  ^9V    ^vcnrpoaoca  Kai    cvat/j,poXay    Kai   c^eoov,  tog 

kireiVf  aTTpoGira, 

**  Mountains  hard  of  approach  and  ascent, 
and  almost,  one  might  say,  inaccessible." 

These  are  the  mountains,  in  the  heart  of 
which,  at  a  great  elevation,  encircled  by 
rocks,    forests^   and    waterfalls    of  the   most 


THE   MARCH    OF   HANNIBAL.  59 

terrific  grandeur,  stands  the  famous  monastery 
of  the  Grande  Chartreuse. 

"  Del  rigido  Brunon  segreta  stanza." 

Those  awful  mountain  solitudes  where  the 
imagination  of  Gray  discovered  the  haunt  of 
the  *'  Spirit  of  the  Fell." 

"  Non  leve 
Nativa  nam  certe  fluenta 
Numen  habet,  veteresque  sylvas, 
Prsesentiorem  et  conspicimus  Deum 
Per  invias  rupes,  fera  per  juga, 
Clivosque  preeruptos,  sonantes 

Inter  aquas,  nemorumque  noctem." 

At  the  foot  of  these  mountains,  the  plains, 
such  as  I  have  described  them,  come  to  an 
end.  These  were  the  plains  traversed  by 
the  Carthaginians  under  the  escort  of  the 
friendly  barbarians.  It  must  have  been  at 
Moirans  that  this  people  took  leave  of  Han- 
nibal ;  by  venturing  to  accompany  him  farther 
into  the  narrow  valley  of  the  Isere,  they 
might  have  compromised  the  security  of  their 
march  homewards.  Moirans  may  be  about 
thirty-two  miles  from  Romans — two  easy 
days'  march.  St.  Marcellin,  which  is  exactly 
half-way,  was  perhaps  the  spot,  then  some 
Allobrogian  village,  at  which  the  army  halted 
during  the  night. 


60  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

The  chieftains*  of  the  Allobroges  Kara 
^£^oc,  **  in  detail,"  had  hitherto  offered  no  in- 
terruption to  the  march  of  the  Carthaginians  ; 
but  we  now  find  them  collecting  together  a 
sufficient  force,  and  projecting  a  combined 
attack  upon  Hannibal,  to  be  made  at  a  certain 
part  of  the  road  farther  on,  where  the  nature 
of  the  ground  afforded  them  peculiar  advan- 
tages. 
50.  kurelSri  ^'^Keivoi  /ulIv  H£  ttjv  oiKciav  aTnyXXayijcav^  oi 

^£  irepi  Tov  AvvijSav  rip^avTO  Trpoayeiv  Eig  rag 
SvcT'^wpiag,  Tore  (Tvva^poiG^hrcg  ol  rCjv  AWofSpiyMv 
rjyeij.ovegy  Ikuvov  ro  TrXiiSfoc,  7rpoKarcXa(5ovro  rovg  kv 
Kaipovg  roTTOvg,  oi  wv  £0£i  rovg  Tr^pi  rov  Avvipav 
Kar   avayKtjv  Troieicr^ai  ri}v  avaj3o\riv. 

"  But  when  they  (the  friendly  barbarians) 
turned  back  to  their  own  country,  and  Han- 
nibal's people  began  to  approach  the  difficult 
places,  then  the  chieftains  of  the  Allobroges, 
collecting  together  a  sufficient  number,    pre- 

Polyb.  ii.  *  These  Allobrogian  chieftains  were  probably  the  heads 
^'  .  of  separate  clans.  We  find  the  Cisalpine  Gauls  prided 
15.  themselves  on   the  number  of  followers  they  could  retain, 

ch!  xi'ii.  *  CJsesar  tells  the  same  of  the  Gauls  in  general ;  and  Tacitus 
in  like  manner  describes  the  sort  of  clanship  that  existed  in 
Germany.  This  state  of  society  is,  in  fact,  common  to  all 
barbarous  nations.  It  is  justly  remarked  by  Gibbon,  that 
*'  many  of  those  institutions,  refeiTed  by  an  easy  solution 
to  the  feudal  system,  are  derived  from  the  Celtic  bar- 
barians.'' 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  6l 

occupied  the  advantageous  positions,  through 
which  it  was  absolutely  necessary  for  Han- 
nibal's men  to  make  a  passage." 

We  shall  discover,  as  we  proceed,  where 
these  ^ucr^wjotat  and  ^vKaipoi  TOTToi  are  to  be 
found  ;  in  the  mean  time,  it  is  only  necessary 
to  remark,  that  the  words  kut  dvajKr^v  imply 
but  one  single  pass,  through  which  alone  the 
march  could  possibly  be  effected.  This  would 
clearly  be  the  case  if  an  army  had  got  into  the 
valley  of  the  Isere,  on  the  southern  side  of 
the  **  Insula,"  by  Voreppe ;  whereas,  from 
St.  Genix,  at  the  northern  extremity  of  the 
mountainous  range,  the  Mont  du  Chat,  the 
Montague  de  I'Epine,  and  the  Aiguebellette, 
each  offer  roads  much  alike  in  point  of 
practicability,  and  consequently  the  words 
Kar  dvayKTiv  are  inapplicable  to  any  one  of 
them. 

To  proceed — Polybius  informs  us,  that  had 
the  enemy  but  kept  their  intentions  secret, 
they  must  infallibly  have  destroyed  the  Car- 
thaginian army  ;  but,  as  their  design  became 
apparent,  although  they  did  great  injury  to 
Hannibal,  they  suffered  no  less  severely  them- 
selves in  return. 

TvovQ  yap  o  dTpaTi^yog  rtjv  Kap-^rjdoviwv,  on 
irpOKare^ovaiv  ot  (5ap(5apoi   rovg  tvKaipovg  roTrovg, 


62  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

avTog  /LLev  fcaracTTparoTre^eutrac  irpog  tcllq  vireppoXaig, 

€7r£/X£V£. 

"  But  the  general  of  the  Carthaginians, 
knowing  that  the  barbarians  were  pre-occu- 
pying  the  advantageous  positions,  remained 
himself  encamped  in  front  of  the  heights." 

It  is  quite  impossible  to  hesitate  for  a  mo- 
ment in  perceiving  that  this  place  of  Hanni- 
bal's encampment,  wpog  raig  vTrepf^oXaig,  was  at 
Moirans,  or  in  its  immediate  vicinity.  It  is  so 
clearly  ''just  in  front  of  the  heights"  of  the 
Grande  Chartreuse,  and  so  ostensible  a  situa- 
tion for  a  halt,  while  the  plans  of  the  enemy 
in  advance  were  investigated,  that  no  doubt 
can  be  entertained  upon  the  subject.  Voreppe 
is  almost  too  much  within  the  entrance  of  the 
valley  to  come  under  the  definition  of  npog 
Tuig  v7rep(3o\aigy  **  in  front  of,"  or  "  before  the 
heights."  Moirans  stands  upon  a  knoll,  sur- 
rounded by  a  plain  of  uncommon  fertility, 
with  a  stream  of  water  flowing  by  its  side, 
and  presents  every  convenience  for  the  stay 
of  an  army. 

Hannibal,  therefore,  remained  himself  en- 
camped at  Moirans. 

c.  50.  7r^O£7r£^i//£     ^e     rivag     twv    Ka^rjyov/uievtJV     avToig 

raXarwv,  X^P^^  ^^^   KaTa(TKe\pa(T^ai  ttiv  tljv  vir^vav 
tI(i)V  kirivoiav,  kcli  ttjv  oXrjv  vTro^eaiv, 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  "      63 

"  But  he  sent  forward  some  of  the  Gauls, 
who  acted  as  their  guides,  for  the  purpose  of 
discovering  the  resolution  of  the  enemy,  and 
the  whole  design." 

These  were  the  Gauls  from  the  plains  of  Tit- ^^^' 

^  XXI.  32. 

the  Po,  who  accompanied  the  army,  and  are 
described  by  Livy  as  "  baud  sane  multum 
lingua  moribusque  abhorrent es."  They  must 
have  had  some  means  of  ingratiating  them- 
selves with  the  Allobroges,  for  it  appears  their 
mission  succeeded. 

wv  TTpa^avTUJV  to  avvra'^evy  kiriyvovq  o  arpa-  Polyb.  iii. 
TTfyogy  OTi  rag  /iikv  rj/uLepag  fTrt^eXwc  irapevraKTOvai 
Kai  Ttipovcn  Tovg  Toirovg  oi  TToXejULioiy  rag  ^e  vvKvag 
Hg  Tiva  7rapaKHfxavr}v  iroXiv  aTraXXarrovrat'  npog 
TavTr}v  Trjv  VTTo^etnv  apfxoCofiivog^  (TvveaTricFaro 
TToa^iv  TOiavTrjv. 

''  These  men  having  executed  what  was 
enjoined,  the  general,  informed  that  the 
enemy  carefully  guarded  and  watched  the 
positions  every  day,  but  retired  every  night  to 
an  adjacent  town,  arranging  his  plans  to  meet 
this  design,  determined  upon  the  following 
mode  of  action." 

Putting  his  army  in  motion,  7rpor)yev  efKjtavwg^ 
**  he  advanced  openly." 

Soon  after  leaving  Moirans,  we  come  in 
face  of  the  valley,  up  which  we  gain  an  insight 
to  a  considerable  distance.     The  detached  and 


64 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

abrupt  mountain  which  overhangs  the  village 
of  La  Buiserade,  about  a  mile  from  the  gates 
of  Grenoble,  forms  the  last  and  most  conspi- 
cuous object  on  the  left.  At  Voreppe  the 
valley  is  entered,  lying  in  all  its  beauty  and 
richness  between  arid  walls  of  precipitous 
mountains.  We  pass  the  village  of  Fontanils, 
with  its  enormous  masses  of  limestone,  fallen 
in  former  ages  from  the  cliffs  above.  We 
look  up  the  ravine  formed  by  the  torrent  of 
the  Tenaison ;  in  the  middle  of  which  rises  a 
mountain  peaked  with  a  pinnacle  of  rock  in  a 
most  remarkable  manner  ;  through  this  open- 
ing ascends  the  road  to  the  village  of  Sapey, 
one  of  the  approaches  to  the  Grande  Char- 
treuse. We  now  arrive  immediately  under 
the  towering  precipice  of  the  mountain  above 
La  Buiserade.  Winding  round  the  foot  of 
this  stupendous  crag,  we  meet  in  both  the 
country  and  the  road  so  remarkable  a  change 
as  to  demand  very  particular  notice.  The 
plain  now  lies  entirely  on  the  opposite,  the 
left  bank  of  the  Isere,  which,  while  it  turns 
the  angle  formed  by  the  southern  point  of  the 
Grande  Chartreuse  mountains,  flows  imme- 
diately at  their  base.  A  steep  talus,  composed 
of  the  wreck  and  rubbish  of  the  rocks  above, 
extends  from  La  Buiserade  on  the  west,  to  La 
Trorche  on  the  east  of  Grenoble.     About  the 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  65 

middle  of  this  talus  a  ridge  of  the  rock  itself 
bearing  the  name  of  Mont  Rachais  descends 
quite  to  the  Isere,  and  forms  the  cliffs  over- 
hanging the  river.  By  the  Mont  Rachais, 
which  is,  as  it  were,  the  citadel  of  the  city, 
Grenoble  is  concealed  from  our  view ;  but 
two  forts,  one  the  old  Tower  of  Rabot,  stand- 
ing near  the  edge  of  the  cliffs ;  the  other,  far 
higher,  called  the  Bastille,  are  very  conspi- 
cuous. The  7nodern  road,  after  rising  from 
La  Buiserade  to  St.  Martin-le-Vinoux,  sinks 
again  to  the  bank  of  the  Isere,  and  enters 
Grenoble  by  the  Porte  de  France,  imme- 
diately under  the  cliffs,  where  the  space  be- 
tween the  rock  and  the  river  cannot  exceed 
fifty  feet.  The  ancient  road,  still  perfectly 
distinguishable,  turned  more  to  the  left,  and 
passing  along  the  talus,  now  covered  with 
vines  and  fruit-trees,  reached  the  heights  of 
Mont  Rachais  near  Fort  Rabot.  Such  is  the 
country,  and  such  the  objects  we  come  upon 
at  La  Buiserade.  They  will  shortly  require 
some  further  examination  ;  but  the  first  burst 
of  it  all  upon  the  view,  is  sufficient  to  show 
that  here,  along  these  declivities  and  rocky 
heights,  are  the  ^vayjjj^iaiy  through  which  the 
Carthaginians  had  of  necessity  to  pass ;  there, 
at  the  Bastile,  are  the  cu/catpoi  tottoi,  **  the  ad- 
vantageous positions,"  commanding  the  road 

F 


66  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

across  Mont  Rachais,  daily  guarded  by  the  Al- 
lobroges  ;  and  in  Grenoble,  the  ancient  Cularo, 
we  find,  beyond  all  doubt,  tlie  "  adjacent 
town"  to  which  they  retired  during  the  night. 
But  to  return  to  Hannibal,  who  from 
Moirans  "  advanced  openly.'* 

c.  50.  J^^^   (TVVEyyL<jag  raig   Sutr^wptatc,  ov  jxaK^av   T(ov 

TToXe/uicov  KarecTTpaTOTre^evae, 

"  And  having  drawn  near  to  the  difficult 
places,  he  encamped  at  no  great  distance  from 
the  enemy." 

Whatever  security  we  may  have  expe- 
rienced in  fixing  upon  Moirans  as  the  place 
of  his  last  encampment,  is  nothing  compared 
with  the  certainty  with  which  we  now  see 
him  taking  up  a  position  at  La  Buiserade.  At 
La  Buiserade  "the  difficult  places"  begin,  and 
La  Buiserade  is  "  at  no  great  distance"  from 
either  **  the  advantageous  positions,"  or  the 
town  occupied  by  the  enemy.  We  derive  ad- 
ditional evidence  from  the  succeeding  sen- 
tence : — 

c.  50.  Tiic   ^£    vvKTog   kiriyzvofikvriq,    avvTo^ag  ra    irvpa 

Kaieiv,  TO  jLiev  nXeiov  juiapog  Trig  dvva/metog  avTOV 
KaTeXiTTE*  Tovg  S*  ETTiTrj^uoTciTOvg  kv^LJVovg  TTOiYiijagy 
^iriX^e  TO.  aT^va  tyjv  vvktu,  Kai  KaTE(T")(B  TOvg  viro  tu)V 
Tro\mi(i)V  7rpoKaTaXri(j)^lvTag  Toirovg,  aTTO/ce^w^r^/corwv 
tu)V  j3apf3ap(t)v  /car a  t^v  dwri^Eiav  ug  rrjv  ttoXiv, 

"  But    the   following   night,  having   com- 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  67 

manded  the  fires  to  be  lighted,  he  left  the 
greater  part  of  his  forces  there ;  and  having 
caused  the  most  proper  men  to  arm  themselves 
lightly,  he  passed  through  the  narrow  places 
during  the  night,  and  seized  the  positions  de- 
serted by  the  enemy ;  the  barbarians  having, 
according  to  custom,  retired  to  the  city." 

From  these  words  it  would  appear  that  the 
Allobroges  were  not  likely  to  have  descended 
from  the  heights  until  after  they  had  observed 
the  fires  burning  in  Hannibal's  camp,  and 
were  persuaded  the  Carthaginians  were  quietly 
settled  for  the  night.  The  position  of  the 
encampment  must  therefore  have  been  visible 
from  these  heights.  Now,  La  Buiserade  is 
the  only  situation  along  the  valley,  which, 
without  being  upon  "the  difficult  places" — 
that  is,  upon  the  slope  between  the  mountains 
and  the  Isere  above  described — is  discernible 
from  the  heights  of  Mont  Rachais.  Every 
thing,  before  arriving  at  La  Buiserade,  is  com- 
pletely concealed  by  that  lofty  mountain, 
already  mentioned  as  overhanging  that  vil- 
lage. No  doubt,  then,  can  exist  as  to  the 
exact  spot  of  this  encampment.  It  was  from 
La  Buiserade,  therefore,  that  Hannibal  with 
some  choice  troops  lightly  armed,  passing 
along  the  road,  narrow  and  difficult  as  it  now 
became,    ascended  Mont  Rachais,   and   took 

F  2 


68  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

possession  of  the  heights  of  the  Bastille,  while 
the  Allobroges  were  sleeping  securely  in  their 
town  below. 

Where  was  this  town  ?  The  exact  position 
of  Grenoble,  when  in  its  earliest  days  it  bore 
the  name  of  Cularo,  has  never  been  positively 
ascertained.  It  is  very  certain  that  it  stood 
on  the  right  bank  of  the  Isere ;  and  the 
quarter  of  the  modern  town  still  on  that  side 
of  the  river,  although  a  mere  suburb,  is  always 
looked  upon  as  the  most  ancient  portion  of 
the  city.  It  is  composed  of  one  long  street 
between  the  river  and  the  rock,  bearing  at 
one  extremity  the  name  of  St.  Laurent,  at  the 
other  that  of  La  Perri^re  5  between  the  two 
is  the  **  Montee  de  Chalemont,"  (Scala 
Montis,)  by  which  a  road  ascended  the  heights 
of  Mont  Rachais.  It  is  scarcely  possible  that 
so  confined  and  inconvenient  a  situation, 
pressed  on  one  side  by  the  river,  on  the  other 
by  the  rock,  and  exposed  to  inundations  and 
*'  eboulemens,"  could  ever  have  been  the 
scite  of  the  ancient  Cularo.  La  Tronche,  a 
little  further  eastward,  presents  a  much  more 
probable  position.  At  La  Tronche  there  is  a 
rising  ground,  agreeably  placed  between  the 
plain  and  the  talus  of  the  mountains,  chosen 
by  the  citizens  of  Grenoble  for  the  situation 
of  their  villas  :    here,   too,  is  a  stream,   and 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  69 

here  is  the  "  Peage  de  la  Tronche,"*  the 
ferry  across  the  Isere,  which  has  existed  from 
the  earliest  times.  The  modern  city,  with 
the  exception  of  St.  Laurent  and  La  Perriere, 
is  situated  entirely  on  the  left  bank  of  the 
river.  It  was  first  enlarged  on  that  side  by 
the  Emperors  Diocletian  and  Maximian. 
The  road  from  Rome  to  Vienne  passed 
through  the  town,  and  the  inscriptions  placed 
hj  the  Emperors  over  the  gateways  are  still 
upon  record.  That  upon  the  Roman,  or 
Jovian  gate,  was  thus  worded — 

DD.  NN.  IMP.  C^S.  CAIVS.  AVRELIVS.  DIO- 
CLETIANVS.  PIVS.  FELIX.  INVICTVS.  AVG.  ET. 
IMP.  C^S.  MARCVS.  AVRELIVS.  MAXIMIANVS. 
PIVS.  FELIX.  INVICTVS.  AVG.  MVRIS.  CVLARO- 
NENSIBVS.  CVM.  INTERIORIBVS.  ^DIFICIIS.  PRO- 
VIDENTIA.  SVA.  INSTITVTIS.  ATQVE.  PERFECTIS. 
PORTAM.  ROMANAM.  lOVIAM.  VOCARI.  IVSSE- 
IIVNT. 

*  "  Ce  peage appartenait ancienneinent  a lenipire.  L'Em- 
pereur  Henri,  par  un  acte  date  de  Genes,  du  16  Fevrier 
1312,  le  ceda  a  Hiigues,  Baron  de  Faucigny,  qui  le  trans- 
mit a  Humbert  II.  Lorsque  Humbert  dota  le  convent  de 
Montfleury,  il  lui  fit  cession  du  peage  de  la  Troncbe.  Je 
raconterai  a  ce  sujet  qu'en  1351,  les  dames  de  Montfleury 
traiterent  avec  un  marcband  de  fer  de  Moirans,  nomme 
Martin  Roux.  Elles  decbarg^rent  lui  et  ses  successeurs 
de  tous  droits  de  peage,  a  condition  qu'on  leur  donnerait 
cbaque  annee  un  livre  de  poivre  et  un  livre  de  gingembre." 
— Hisioire  de  Grenoble,  par  M.  Pilot,  p.  282. 


70  THE    MARCH    OF   HANNIBAL. 

The  inscription  over  tlie  Vienne,  or  Her- 
culean gate,  was  the  same — substituting*  only 
J^iennensem  Herculeam  for  Homanam  loviam. 
The  Porta  Romana,  which  long  retained  the 
corrupt   appellation   of    Porte    Traine,    was 
pulled  down  in   1591,  when  the  city  was  en- 
larged by  the  famous  Constable  Lesdiguieres, 
the  hero  of  Dauphiny.    The  Porta  Viennensis 
existed  as  lately  as  the  year  1804,  when  that 
also  was  sacrificed.     The  road  from  Rome  by 
the  Mont  Genevre  entered  Grenoble  at  the 
Porta  Romana  ;    that  from  Vienne,  the  road 
by   which    we   have   travelled    since   leaving 
Moirans,  descending  Mont  Rachais  in  front 
of    the    convent    of    Sainte    Marie-d'en-haut, 
crossed  the  Isere  somewhere  near  the  present 
Pont  de  Bois,  and  entered  the  town  by  the 
Porta  Viennensis.     At  the  close  of  the  fourth 
century   the    Emperor    Gratian   altered   the 
name    of   Cularo  into  that  of  Gratianopolis, 
and    made   it   the   seat    of  a   bishoprick.     It 
would  almost  seem  from  the  circumstance  of 
the  bishoprick  being  established  on  the  right 
bank  of  the  Isere,  as  if  the  city  of  Diocletian 
was  looked  upon  as  nothing  more  than  a  mere 
suburb.*      But   the  most  important    benefits 

*  "  La  paroisse  de  St.  Laurent,  comme  la  plus  ancienne  de 
la  ville,  jouissait  anciennement  du  droit  de  piimaute.  Son 
clerge  avant  la  revolution  avait  encore  le  pas  sur  celui  des 
autres  eglises." — Id.  p.  13. 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  71 

received  by  Grenoble  were  through  the  hands 
of  the  Constable  Lesdiguieres.  This  cele- 
brated man  first  provided  for  the  defence  of 
the  city  by  building  the  fort  of  the  Bastille, 
which  he  connected  with  the  town  below  by 
two  walls ;  these,  diverging  from  the  fort, 
descend  in  a  zigzag  direction  on  each  side  of 
Mont  Rachais  to  the  river — exactly  in  the 
style  of  the  walls  of  a  Greek  acropolis.  An 
old  gateway,  now  blocked  up,  admitted  the 
Vienne  road  ;  but  this  entrance  was  watched 
by  a  strong  guard  placed  in  the  adjoining  fort 
of  Rabot.*  Near  this  fort,  at  the  edge  of  the 
cliffs,  we  may  still  observe  where  the  rocks 
have  been  worn  smooth  by  the  traffic  that  was 
formerly  carried  on  along  this  road.  It 
would  be  tedious  and  unnecessary  to  attempt 
an  enumeration  of  the  various  works  of  Les- 
diguieres at  Grenoble,  and  in  its  neighbour- 
hood. Two  of  them,  however,  are  of  im- 
portance to  our  present  inquiry,  and  ought 
not  to  be  omitted.  Lesdiguieres  protected 
Grenoble  from  an  enemy  more  dangerous 
than  even  man.  The  city  had  been  frequently 
a  victim  to  the  most  dreadful  inundations. 
The  Isere,  which  traverses  the  town,  and  the 
impetuous  Drac,  which  anciently  rolled  close 

*  Fort  Rabot  was  erected  before  the  time  of  Lesdiguieres, 
iu  the  year  1532. 


7^  THE   MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL, 

under  the  western  ramparts,  committed,  on 
several  occasions  recorded  by  history  in  both 
verse  and  prose,  such  tremendous  havoc  as  to 
give  rise  to  the  prophecy  of 

**  Serpens  et  Draco  devorabunt  urbem," 

a  translation  of  which,  in  the  patois  of  the 
country,  is  still  current — 

"  Lo  Serpein  et  lo  Dragon 
Mettron  Grenoblo  en  savon.'' 

The  Isere  is  now  confined  by  handsome 
quays,  and  is  not  more  than  ninety  or  one 
hundred  yards  in  breadth.  Time,  labour, 
and  art  had  in  vain,  before  the  days  of  Les- 
diguieres,  attempted  to  controul  the  fury  of 
the  Drac.  It  was  he  who  effectually  completed 
this  great  undertaking,  and  by  carrying  the 
torrent  in  a  new  channel,  fortified  by  power- 
ful dams,  threw  it  to  such  a  distance  from  the 
town,  that  it  now  falls  harmless  into  the  Isere, 
opposite  La  Buiserade.  His  other  work  was 
opening  the  road  under  the  cliffs  of  Mont 
Rachais.  '*  II  y  avait,"  says  M.  Pilot,  p.  218, 
**  au  pied  de  ce  rocher  un  passage  appelle  dans 
les  actes  Malum  passetum,  qui  appartenait  au 
chapitre  de  Saint  Martin.  La  grande  route 
traversait  encore  a  cette  6poque  la  hauteur  de 
Rabot.     Du  cote  de  la  Tronche,  il  n'y  avait 


THE    MARCH    OF   HANNIBAL.  7^ 

qu'un  petit  cliemin  qui  suivait  le  coteau 
jusqu'au  lieu  appelM  *  le  p6age.' "  It  was  at 
this  spot,  wliere,  as  I  have  before  stated,  there 
cannot  be  even  now  an  interval  of  more  than 
fifty  feet,  that  Lesdiguieres  constructed  the 
Porte  de  France.  We  now  read  the  words 
"  Porte  de  France"  in  large  characters  over 
the  gateway.  The  following  inscription,  in 
imitation  of  that  of  Diocletian,  was  washed 
over  in  the  time  of  the  revolution  :  — 

"  Ludovicus  XIIL  Galliarum  et  Navarrse 
rex,  pius,  felix,  invictus,  Gratianopoli  Monte 
aucta,  ejusque  muris,  propugnaculis  et  in- 
terioribus  sedificiis  providentia  sua,  et  cura 
Francisci  Bonnse,  ducis  Digueriarum,  paris  et 
Mareschalli  Francise,  proregis  Delphinatus, 
institutis  atque  perfectis,  portam  banc  regiam 
vocari  jussit  mdcxx." 

In  1824  the  French  commenced  the 
construction  of  immense  works  at  the  fort 
of  the  Bastille,  which  are  now  going  on 
with  increased  activity ;  and  which,  when 
completed,  will  render  it  nearly  impreg- 
nable. 

From  this  hasty  survey  of  the  progressive 
alterations  and  improvements  of  Grenoble,  we 
are  enabled  to  collect  that  in  the  time  of 
Hannibal, 


74  THE    MARCH    OF   HANNIBAL. 

I.  Cularo  stood  on  the  riglit  bank  of  the 
Isere,  probably  at,  or  near,  La  Tronche. 

II.  That  the  main  road  to  it  from  La  Buis- 
erade  led  along  the  declivity  above  the  Isere, 
passed  along*  Mont  Rachais  near  Fort  Rabot, 
descended  near  the  convent  of  Sainte  Marie- 
d'en-haut,  and  continued  along  the  declivity 
on  the  other  side  as  far  as  the  "  Peage  de  la 
Tronche." 

III.  That  the  united  currents  of  the  Isere 
and  the  Drac,  then  unrestrained  as  they  were 
afterwards  by  dams  and  quays,  prevented  the 
existence  of  any  safe  path,  perhaps  of  even  the 
Malum  passetum^  below  Mont  Rachais. 

IV.  That  the  state  of  the  plain  at  the  con- 
fluence of  these  two  furious  streams  would 
have  frustrated  any  attempt  on  the  part  of 
the  Carthaginians  to  turn  the  positions  of 
Mont  Rachais  by  crossing  the  rivers. 

V.  Lastly,  we  find  the  position  of  the  Bas- 
tille considered,  both  by  Lesdiguieres  and  by 
Marshal  Soult,  one  of  the  utmost  importance, 
as  commanding  the  passage. 

We  left  Hannibal  in  possession  of  this  ad- 
vantageous position  ;  his  army  at  La  Buise- 
rade  at  one  end  of  the  "  difficult  places  j"  the 
Allobroges  at  the  other  near  La  Tronche. 
It  is  now  time  to  take  up  the  words  of  Polybius. 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  75 

Ov   (TUjUjSavroc,    Kai    rrjc    viuepag   kTn-y&vojxivnQy  oi  c  51. 
^apf^apoi   (Tw^eaaainevoi   to  yeyovogy  rag  julv  o-pyag 
aTrt<Trr\(jav  Tr]q  kiri^oXriQ. 

*^  This  being  done,  and  the  day  having 
come  on,  the  barbarians,  discovering  what  had 
happened,  refrained  at  first  from  an  attack." 

The  *'  adjacent  town"  must  have  been  very 
near  the  "  advantageous  positions,"  for  the 
AUobroges  to  have  gone  to  it  and  from  it 
without  difficulty,  as  well  as  to  have  allowed 
of  their  discerning  from  below  any  occur- 
rences that  took  place  upon  the  heights. 
Such  is  La  Tronche  in  relation  to  the  Bastille. 
The  elevation  of  this  fort  above  the  Isere  may 
be  about  1,200  feet ;  the  ascent  to  it  would 
be  easily  accomplished  in  half  an  hour.  One 
of  the  principal  objections  to  the  Mont  du 
Chat,  or  to  any  other  pass  in  that  part  of  the 
*'  Insula,"  is  the  distance  of  the  town,  whe- 
ther Chamb^ry,  (Lemincum,)  or  Bourget,  from 
the  summit  of  the  pass.  The  AUobroges  could 
scarcely  have  got  down  from  their  positions  in 
the  evening,  before  it  would  have  been  time 
for  them  to  re-ascend  in  the  morning. 

Mcra   ^i    TCLvray  ^ewpovvrsgy    to    twv    v7rotvyi(i)V  c^  51. 
ttXtj^oc  Kai   Tovg   linrEig   dva'^epi^g  eK/nr^pvofJiivovg  Kai 
juaKpwg  Tag  ^va'ywpiag,  e^eKXri'^rjcrav  vwo  tov  (TVfxpai- 
vovTog,  eQaTTTfcrSfai  Tr\g  Tropeiag, 

*'  After    this,     perceiving    the    numerous 


76  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

beasts  of  burden  and  tbe  cavalry  defiling 
throug-h  the  difficult  places  arduously  and 
protractedly,  they  were  encouraged  by  the 
opportunity  to  attack  the  line  of  march.'* 

When  the  Carthaginian  army  broke  up 
from  the  encampment  at  La  Buiserade,  they 
would  first  have  to  wind  **  with  toilsome 
march  their  long  array"  along  the  shaggy 
steep  of  the  side  of  St.  Martin-le-Vinoux,  and 
then  to  pass  across  the  heights  by  Fort  Rabot. 
They  would  first  have  appeared  to  the  Allo- 
broges  in  a  descent  towards  La  Tronche. 
The  sight  of  a  weak  extended  line  of  baggage- 
mules,  and  horses,  struggling  along  a  narrow 
path,  with  a  precipice  of  150  or  200  feet  on 
their  right,  offered  too  tempting  an  opportu- 
nity to  be  resisted  by  the  Allobroges.  They 
might  have  been  farther  encouraged  by  per- 
ceiving that  if  Hannibal  rushed  down  from 
the  heights  to  attack  them,  he  could  not  avoid 
falling  upon  his  own  people,  and  urging  them 
also  towards  the  precipices  ;  and  we  shall 
soon  find  that  this  consideration  withheld  for 
awhile  the  Carthaginian  general  from  hasten- 
ing to  the  assistance  of  his  men. 

^  5^^  TovTOV  ^l  jEVOimivov,   /cat  Kara  ttXhcj  fisprj   wpoa- 

TTiGovruiv  rtjv  f^apj^apwv ,  ov^  oi>ra>c  vtto  twv  av^ptov' 
vjg  VTTO  ru)V  tottwv^  irokvq  iyiyvero  (ji^opog  rwv  Kap^t}' 
^ovliov,  Kai  /j^uXiara  twv  'tTrTrwv  Kai  rwv   virotvyiwv' 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  77 

ovarjQ  yap  ov  fiovov  (TTtvrjQ  Kai  Tpa-^aag  ttjq  irpotj- 
j3oXrjQ,  aWa  Kai  Kpr^imviodovg,  airo  iravroq  Kivyifxaroq 
KCLi  iracrrig  rapay^tg  e(j)epeTO  Kara  tljv  Kprjfxvwv  ofnocre 
Toig  (fiOpTLOig,  TToXXa  rwv  vrroZvyuov. 

"  This  being  done,  (the  attack  upon  the 
march,)  and  the  barbarians  having  charged  in 
many  places,  a  great  destruction  of  the  Car- 
thaginians, particularly  of  horses  and  beasts  of 
burden,  took  place ;  not  so  much  on  account 
of  the  enemy,  as  from  the  nature  of  the 
ground,  for  the  road  was  not  only  narrow 
and  rough,  but  also  precipitous,  so  that  upon 
every  agitation  and  each  disturbance,  many  of 
the  beasts  of  burden,  together  with  their  loads, 
were  carried  down  the  precipices.'^ 

If,  by  the  words  Kara  TrXetw  ia,^pv9  we  are  to 
understand  that  the  attack  was  made  in  many 
places  at  the  same  time,  it  becomes  apparent 
that  the  Allobroges  must  have  extended 
themselves  along  the  left  of  the  Cartha- 
ginians ;  that  is,  between  the  Carthaginians 
and  Hannibal ;  and  by  charging  them  in  many 
places,  they  would  force  them  all  towards  the 
precipice.     In  the  account   of  this   pass   we 

find    the    words    ra    (rreva — ^vcr^Mpiai — (JTSvrig — 

Tpa-^elag — Kpv/uLvtj^ovgy  &c.,  all  perfectly  de- 
scriptive of  the  country  between  La  Buiserade 
and  La  Tronche.  Nothing  implies  the  diffi- 
culties attendant  on  any  arduous  ascent  and 


73  THE    MARCH    OF   HANNIBAL. 

descent.  Now  in  the  Mont  du  Chat  they 
would  have  had  to  encounter  as  severe  a 
mountain  for  its  elevation  as  anj  to  be  met 
with  in  the  high  Alps.  Polybius  tells  us  that 
the  wounded  horses  upon  this  occasion  added 
greatly  to  the  confusion. 

c,  51.  Etc    CL  jSXettwv    Avvif3ag,  kul  (rvWoyi^Ofjievog,    wr; 

ovce  Toig  ota^uyoudi  rov  kivcvvov  e(JTi  (T(OTr]pia,  tov 
<TKSvo(l>opiK6v  ^ia(j)^apivTogy  avaXaj3wv  rovg  irpoKara 
(F^ovrag  Tr]v  vvKTa  rag  v7r£pj3o\ag,  lopfxrjcre  Trapa- 
j3or]^r)(T(jtjv  Toig  rp  iropiia  TrpoajSaXXovaiv, 

"  Hannibal  observing  this,  and  reflecting 
that  even  for  those  who  escaped  the  danger 
there  would  be  no  safety  should  the  '  mate- 
riel' perish,  taking  the  men  who  during  the 
night  had  seized  upon  the  heights,  rushed  to 
the  assistance  of  those  who  were  prosecuting 
the  march." 

From  the  heights  of  the  Bastille,  Hannibal 
must  have  been  an  eye-witness  of  every  thing 
that  passed ;  but  although  well  placed  to  pre- 
vent the  enemy  from  gaining  a  commanding 
position,  he  was  of  no  use  to  his  own  men  at 
the  height  of  at  least  a  thousand  feet  above 
them.  It  was  necessary,  therefore,  for  him 
to  charge  down  the  hill. 

c.  51.  Oif   yevofiivov,    iroXXol  /i£V   rwv   iroK^fxiMv  aTTwX- 

\vvTO,  ^la  TO  iroieia^ai  rrjv  £<j)0^ov  f£  vTrep^i^itov  tov 
*Avvij3av,  ovK  ikaTTOvg  8f  Kai  twv  i^lwv*  o  yap  fcara 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  79 

rriv  TTOpeiav  ^6pv(5oQ  e^  a/i^oiv  rjv^fro  ^la  Tijv  twv 
wpoeipviuivMV  Kpavyriv  Kai  avfXirXoKriV , 

"  Which  being  done,  many  of  the  enemy 
indeed  perished,  owing  to  HannibaVs  making 
the  onset  from  the  high  ground,  but  not  fewer 
of  his  own  men  also — for  the  tumult  along 
the  march  was  increased  on  both  sides  by  the 
shouts  and  shock  of  the  above-mentioned 
troops." 

Two  parties  scuffling  on  the  brink  of  a 
precipice  are  both  likely  to  be  equally  sufferers 
from  the  impulse  of  a  third  party,  with  what- 
ever friendly  intention  it  might  be  meant  to- 
wards one  only.  The  whole  of  this  scene  is 
in  perfect  keeping  with  the  nature  of  the 
ground  upon  Mont  Rachais. 

'Ettci  ^£  TOVQ  iJ,ev  irXUffTovg  tHjv  AWofSplyojv  c.  51. 
cnreKreivs,  tovq  ^e  Xoiirovg  TpEipa/uLevog  rjvayKacre 
ij>vy^iv  kg  ttiv  oiKuav'  tots,  ^rj  to  julev  stl  TrepiXei 
TTOfievov  irXri'^og  rwv  VTro^vyiiov  Kcii  tCjv  nnrwv  fxoXig 
Kai  TaXaiTTuypiog  ^irivve  Tag  ^va^^wpiag,  AvTog  ce 
(Tvva^poKJag  ocrovg  r^^vvaTO  TrXeiaTovg  ek  tov  kiv^vvov, 
7rpo<TEJ3aXe  TTpog  Trjv  iroXiv,  £$  v^  fTTOirjo-avro  ttiv 
opfxr\v  oiiroXEfjiioi, 

"  But  when  he  had  killed  the  greater  part  of 
the  Allobroges,  and,  routing  the  rest,  com- 
pelled them  to  fly  into  their  own  country, 
then,  indeed,  the  remainder  of  the  beasts  of 
burden  and  horses,  painfully  and  laboriously 


80 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 


got  through  the  difficult  places  ;  but  the 
general  himself,  getting  together  as  many  men 
as  he  could  after  the  battle,  pushed  forward 
towards  the  towm  from  which  the  enemy  had 
made  their  sally." 

c.  51.  KaraXa|3wv    ^£    (Tj^e^ov    eprijULOV,    ^id    to     Travrag 

£KK\r]^r)vai  npOQ  rag  w^fXtiac  eyKpaTrjg  Ejevero  rf;c 
TroXeivg.  ek  ^e  tovtov  iroWd  (tweJ^t}  twv  ^pr/al^wv 
avT(v,  Trpog  te  to  napov  Kai  wpog  to  jlieXXov. 
TrapavTiKa  jjlIv  yap  EKOfxioaTO  7r\r]^og  'iTnrwv  Kai 
virotvyiiov f  Kai  twv  afxa  TovTOig  EaXioKOTiiiv  av^ptjv' 

Eig  §£  TO  JHeWoV  Ca-^E  p.EV  Kai  (TITOV  Kai  ^pEjUfHaTlOV 
ETTl   ^VoIlV   Kcil  TpKTLV  7]fXEpaiC  EVTTOpiav'     TO    ^E   (TVVE^OV, 

<j>6f3ov  EipyaaaTO  TOig  Eirjg,  irpog  to  prj  ToXfxav  clvtm 
pa^iiog  EyyEip^iv  jurjcEva  rwv  wapaKEipEViov  Tcng 
avaj3oXaig. 

"  Having  found  it  nearly  empty,  owing  to 
every  man  having  been  ordered  forth  for  suc- 
cour, he  made  himself  master  of  the  town  ; 
and  from  this  circumstance  many  useful  things 
fell  into  his  hands,  both  for  the  present  and 
the  future,  for  he  immediately  recovered  a 
number  of  horses  and  beasts  of  burden,  and 
of  men  who  had  been  captured  together  with 
them  ;  and,  for  future  use,  he  obtained  an 
abundance  of  corn  and  cattle  for  two  or  three 
days'  consumption  ;  above  all,  he  struck  such 
terror  into  the  natives  thenceforward,  that 
none   of  those  who  dwelt  about  the  ascent 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  81 

of  the  mountains  were  bold  enough  to  meddle 
with  him." 

Such  is  the  description  of  the  capture  of  the 
AUobrogian  town  by  Hannibal ;  and  from  such 
a  description,  comparing  it  with  the  localities 
of  Grenoble,  we  at  once  recognize  the  fea- 
tures of  the  scene  of  action.  It  is  from  descrip- 
tion alone  that  we  must  draw  our  conclusions  j 
for  it  was  not  the  practice  of  Poljbius  to  be- 
wilder his  readers  with  barbarous  names,  since 
grown  familiar  to  us,  but  then  as  unmeaning 
to  the  ears  of  his  Greek  contemporaries  as  the 
native  appellations  from  the  interior  of  Africa 
or  Australia  now  sound  to  ours.  It  is  strange 
that  the  memory  of  the  transaction  should 
have  faded  away  from  Cularo  so  early  as  the 
time  of  Livy — still  stranger  is  it,  that  subse- 
quent writers  should  in  their  investigations  have 
overlooked  the  extraordinary  manner  in  which 
Polybius's  account  coincides  with  the  topo- 
graphy of  Grenoble ;  which  town  must  have 
been  known  to  lie  directly  in  the  road  from 
the  "  Insula"  to  Italy,  whether  Hannibal 
passed  by  the  Graian  or  the  Cottian  Alp. 

The  art  of  war  in  some  respects  remains 
immutably  the  same  in  all  ages  :  whatever 
may  be  the  improvements  invented  by  man 
for  the  destruction  of  his  species ;  and  it  is 
curious  to   find   Lesdiguieres,  eighteen    cen- 

G 


204. 


82:  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

turies  after  Hannibal,  setting  about  the  cap- 
ture  of  Grenoble  in  a  manner  so  similar  to 
the  plan  adopted  by  the  Carthaginian  general, 
that  it  would  be  unpardonable  to  pass  it  by 
unnoticed.     Grenoble,  at  the  time  when  this 
occurred,  1589,  was  occupied  by  the  partisans 
of  the  League.     Lesdiguieres,  who  was  then 
opposed  to   that  faction,   availing  himself  of 
some   meeting  of  Royalists  at  Voiron,  near 
Pilot,  p.     Moirans,     **  S'y     rendit     avec     douze     cents 
hommes,  sous  pretexte  d'y  maintenir  le  bon 
ordre — son  dessein  etait  de  tenter  ensuite  un 
entreprise  sur  Grenoble.    La  nuit  du  24  au  f25 
Novembre  s'etant  avanc6  jusqu'  a  la  Buiserade, 
il  envoy  a  le  capitaine  Bar   du  Cote  de  St. 
Martin,  et  lui-meme  le  suivit  de  pr^s.     Les 
troupes  ne    rencontrerent    point    d'obstacles, 
seulement    en    approchant    de     la     tour    de 
Rabot,   elles  furent  saisies  d'une  terreur  pa- 
nique,  cependant  elles  reprirent  courage,   et 
arriverent  sans  etre  aper9ues    au  pied  de  la 
maison  ou  les  attendait  I'ami  du  geolier,"  (the 
Concierge  des  prisons,  who  had  been  bribed,) 
*'  elles  descendirent  dans  la  rue  St.  Laurent  par 
le  moyen  d'echelles,"  &c. 

We  here  find  Lesdiguieres  advancing  from 
the  vicinity  of  Moirans  to  La  Buiserade  ;  then 
halting,  and  during  the  night,  unknown  to  the 
enemy,  passing  along  the  Cote  de  St.  Martin, 
and  ascending  Mont  Rachais,  near  Fort  Rabot. 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  B$ 

All  this  is  perfectly  similar  to  the  proceedings  of 
Hannibal ;  but  when  upon  Mont  Racliais,  the 
Carthaginians  had  to  turn  up  the  heights  on 
the  left,  while  the  French  general  descended 
the  cliffs  on  the  right  by  the  help  of  ladders, 
and  was  admitted  into  the  town  by  a  traitor. 
The  details  of  this  enterprise  of  Lesdiguieres 
might  possibly  add  something  to  the  resem- 
blance :  they  might  be  found,  perhaps,  in  the 
history  of  his  life  by  his  secretary  Videl ;  but  in 
default  of  any  extract  from  that  book,  which  is 
not  easily  attainable,  the  account  of  the  old 
author,  Mezerai,  may  not  be  uninteresting. 

"  Le  dessein  reconnu,  a  fin  de  le  mieux 
couvrir,  et  de  pouvoir  s'approcher  de  Gre- 
noble sans  donner  de  la  deffiance,  il  convoque 
les  Estats  de  la  province  a  Voyron,  et  au 
mesme  temps  fait  venir  douze  cens  hommes  a 
Moyranc.  Comme  toutes  choses  sont  prestes 
pour  I'execution,  il  s'avance  le  soir  avi  fort  de 
Cornillon,  saisit  tous  les  passages  pour  em- 
pescher  Grenoble  d'en  avoir  le  veut,  ordonne 
a  sa  cavalerie  de  mettre  pied  a  terre,  et  a  ses 
troupes  de  filer  doucement  par  dessus  le  costau. 
Enfin,  il  conduit  si  bien  Tentreprises  que  ces 
gens  ayant  passe  sans  etre  apperceus  par  le 
corps-de-guarde  de  la  tour  de  Rabot,  qui  est 
sur  le  costau,  plantent  six  echelles  par  la  maison 
designee,  descendent  dans  la  rue,"  &c. 

G  2 


34  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

Polybius  gives  us  no  regular  account  of  tlie 
days  between  the  departure  of  tlie  Cartha- 
ginian army  from  the  position  of  its  six  days' 
halt  among  the  friendly  tribe  of  Gauls,  irpog 
Trjv  Nr)(rov,  "  in  front  of  the  island,"  and  the 
capture  of  the  town  of  the  Allobroges  ;  but  it 
may  be  fairly  presumed  that  this  interval  oc- 
cupied about  eight  days  ;  and  an  arrangement 
in  the  following  manner  appears  perfectly 
consistent  with  the  distance  between  Valence 
and  Grenoble  : — 

Time. 
Days.  M.  p. 

1 .  The  army  moves  from  Valence  to  the  Peage  de  ^ 

Pizan(^on  .  .  .  .  .  >      1 1 

2.  Passage  of  the  Isere. — The  "  Insula '^  is  entered  •  ) 

3.  Advance  to  St.  Marcellin  .  .  .15 

4.  Advance  to  Morginnmn  (Moirans.)   Here  the  Sega- 

launi  take  leave  of  the  Carthaginians,  and  return 
to  Valence*  .  .  .  .  .     15 

5  and  6.  Hannibal  halts  at  Moirans,  while  his  Gaul- 
ish guides  are  sent  forward  to  reconnoitre  the 
position  and  designs  of  the  Allobroges 

7.  Advance  to  La  Buiserade — during  the  night  Han-  ^     14 

nibal  seizes  the  heights  of  the  Bastille 

8.  Fight  with  the  Allobroges  and  capture  of  their 

town — Cularo — La  Tronche,  near  Grenoble 


56 


*  It  is  possible  that  the  Scgalauni,  to  avoid  any  hostile 
rencontre  with  the   Allobroges  during  their  march  home- 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  85 

We  are  now  to  enter  upon  a  portion  of  tlie 
march  in  which  the  days,  with  their  events, 
are  very  distinctly  enumerated.  They  will 
be  found  to  amount  to  eighteen,  from  the  cap- 
ture of  the  town  of  the  Allobroges  to  the 
arrival  of  the  Carthaginians  on  the  plains  of 
the  Po.  Out  of  the  eighteen,  fifteen  are 
especially  assigned  by  Polybius  to  the  passage 
of  the  Alps  themselves.  We  are  still,  there- 
fore, three  days  distant  from  the  ava(5o\ri  rwv 
'AXTTfwv,  "  the  first  ascent  of  the  Alps  ;"  and 
out  of  these  three  days,  the  first  was  allotted 
to  a  halt  and  repose  in  the  captured  town. 

Tote   aev  ovv  avTov  Troirjaauevog   rriv  TrapeupoXriv,  f.^^J^' 

111.  c.  52. 

KCLi  jLiiav  eTTijiXHvag  rjjLiEpaVy  av^ig  wpjua, 

*'  Then,  indeed,  having  there  made  his 
camp,  and  remained  one  day,  he  again  set 
forth.'' 

While  the  Carthaginians  halt  at  Cularo,  it 
may  be  worth  while  to  take  into  considera- 
tion the  situation  of  Grenoble.*     The  view 


wards,  might  have  got  across  the  Isere  near  Moirans ;  and 
being  unencumbered  with  baggage,  elephants,  and  horses,  they 
might  have  made  their  way  to  Valence  along  the  left  bank 
of  the  Isere,  under  the  Sassenage  mountains. 

*  Grenoble  and  its  environs  present  many  interesting  and 
delightful  objects  to  the  traveller.  The  town  contains  a  fine 
library  of  55,000  volumes,  and  a  good  museum  of  natural 
history.     The  neighbourhood  abounds  in  picturesque  and 


S6  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL, 

from  the  heights  of  the  Bastille  is  singularly 
magnificent.  My  companion,  Mr.  Maude, 
v^ho  had  visited  every  part  of  Switzerland, 
declared  it  unrivalled  by  any  thing  he  had 
seen  in  that  country.  Three  valleys  con- 
verge at  this  point;  for  the  Isere,  by  chang- 
ing its  course  from  a  south-easterly  to  a  north- 
westerly direction,  may  be  said  to  form  two, 
while  the  Drac,  coming  from  the  south,  opens 
a  third  in  front  of  us,  remarkable  for  the 
curious  appearance  of  the  insulated  eminences, 
the  relics  of  mountains  washed  away,  that  rise 
from  its  plain.  The  Sassenage  heights  on 
the  west,  in  undiminished  grandeur,  occupy 
every  thing  between  the  Isere  and  the  left 
bank  of  the  Drac ;  while  on  the  south-east  a 
long  snowy  sierra  of  ^Ips,  forming  the  south- 
ern side  of  the  valley  above  Grenoble,  extends 
from   the   right  bank    of    the  Drac  until   it 

luxuriant  landscapes,  and  in  various  objects  of  curiosity, 
such  as  plants,  minerals,  birds,  and  animals  of  all  sorts, 
found  in  the  Alps.     The  monastery  of  the  Grande  Char- 
treuse and  the  Caves,  or  "  Cuves,"  of  Sassenage,  are  ex- 
tremely well  worth  visiting.    The  latter,  which  are  reckoned 
as  one  of  the  "  seven  sights  of  Dauphiny,"  are  really  curious. 
The  other  six  deser\'e  the  reproach  of  the  epigram — 
•'  Merveilles  du  pays,  dont  on  dlt  taut  de  bien 
Soit  dans  les  vers,  soit  dans  la  prose ; 
Vous  etes  un  peu  plus  que  rien, 
Mais,  a  dire  vrai,  vous  n'etes  pas  grande  chose  I" 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  87 

seems  to  unite  with  the  glaciers  of  the  Mont 
Blanc,  which,  at  the  distance  of  thirty  leagues, 
fills  up  the  head  of  the  valley  with  its  solitary 
form. 

The  view  of  the  Alpine  range  on  the  south 
side  of  the  vale  of  Gresivaudan  is  particularly 
interesting,  because  it  completely  explains  what 
at  first  is  not  very  apparent ;  namely,  why 
Polybius  does  not  place  the  ava(3oXr}  rwv  ''AXttsmv, 
*'  the  entrance,"  or  "  first  ascent  of  the  Alps," 
at  Voreppe.  At  Voreppe,  we  plunge  among 
the  mountains,  and  enter  the  narrow  valley 
of  the  Isere,  which  will  conduct  us  to  almost 
the  very  summit  of  the  Alps.  We  may  seek 
in  vain  for  a  guide  to  the  avaf3o\rj,  "  first  as- 
cent," among  the  various  authors  who  have 
written  on  the  march  of  Hannibal,  for  no  two 
works  are  agreed  upon  the  subject.  The  diffi- 
culty in  determining  this  place  appears  to  arise 
from  there  being  no  precise  spot  on  this  side 
the  Alps,  which,  from  the  self-evidence  of  its 
position,  can  be  immediately  recognized  as 
the  commencement,  "  the  first  ascent,"  of  those 
mountains.  The  whole  country,  from  almost 
the  very  banks  of  the  RhSie,  is  mountainous, 
and  seems  far  and  wide  little  else  than  the 
roots  of  the  Alps.  Even  the  Jura  itself,  con- 
nected as  it  is  with    the    mountains   of   the 


88  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

Grande  Chartreuse,  can  without  impropriety 
be  designated  as  a  portion  of 

"  The  tract 
Of  homd  mountains,  which  the  shining  Alps 
Branch  out  stupendous  into  distant  lands  :" 

and  amid  this  chaos  of  hills,  the  precise  mo- 
ment at  which  we  may  be  said  to  commence 
the  ascent  of  the  Alps  is  not  immediately 
distinguishable. 

The  Alps — which  are  supposed  to  derive 
their  name  from  the  Celtic  "  Alp,"  or  Rhetic 
**  Alv,"  signifying  *'  Albus,"  "  white,''' — are, 
properly  speaking,  the  snowy  range  itself,  in- 
dependent of  its  various  ramifications.  This 
range  we  clearly  discern  from  the  Bastille, 
stretching  along  on  the  right  of  us,  as  we 
ascend  the  valley  of  the  Isere  from  Grenoble. 
The  mass  of  the  Grande  Chartreuse,  on  the 
left,  is  totally  detached  and  distinct  from  the 
real  Alps.  We  travel  up  the  vale  of  Gresi- 
vaudan  along  the  base  of  the  snowy  moun- 
tains ;  but  as  yet  have  not  turned  in  among 
them,  and  commenced  their  ascent.  We 
know  also  from  Polybius,  that  at  Grenoble 
(if  Grenoble  was  the  town  captured  by  Hanni- 
bal) we  are  still  two  days'  march  from  the 
ava(5o\ri  ;  and,  when  we  have  advanced  that  dis- 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  89 

tance,  we  are  to  expect  to  meet  the  "first 
ascent"  of  the  Alps. 

After  one  day's  halt  at  the  conquered  town, 
av^ig  wp/na,  says  the  historian,  he  again  set 
forth— 

raig    ^^f^rJc,    f^^Xpi  P-^v   rivoq,  a<T(paXiog  ^irjye  Trjv  c.  52. 
(TTpariav. 

**And  for  some  days  successively,  up  to  a 
certain  point,  he  led  the  army  in  safety." 

Two  roads,  one  on  each  side  of  the  Isere, 
lead  from  Grenoble  up  the  vale  of  Gresivau- 
dan.  We  may  reasonably  conclude  that  Han- 
nibal continued  along  the  right  bank,  for  on 
that  side  stood  the  ancient  Cularo  ;  no  mention 
is  made  of  his  having  crossed  the  river.  The 
road  on  that  side  is  now,  and  probably  always 
was,  the  one  most  usually  travelled  ;  the  posts 
are  mounted  along  it ;  and  this  side  of  the 
valley,  enjoying  a  southern  exposure  under  the 
vertical  abutments  of  the  Grande  Chartreuse 
mountains,  is  richer  and  drier  than  the  oppo- 
site, where  there  are  more  trees,  streams,  and 
meadows — now,  indeed,  under  the  manage- 
ment and  control  of  art  and  labour,  but  in 
earlier  ages  not  unlikely  to  have  been  forests, 
torrents,  and  marshes.  We  roll  along  the 
post-road  through  this  glorious  vale,  and  meet 
no  obstacle  in  the  shape  of  hills  until  we 
arrive  at  the  village  of  La  Buissiere,  lying  at 


90  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

the  foot  of  the  heights  of  Fort  Barraux — a 
very  remarkahle  geographical  position,  accom- 
panied by  such  changes  in  the  state  and  as- 
pect of  the  country,  as  to  require  particular 
attention.  We  are  now  almost  at  the  end  of 
the  vale  of  Gresivaudan.  Here  we  encoun- 
ter "  the  first  ascent  f  and  a  little  farther,  at 
Mont  Meillan  is  a  valley  leading  through  the 
snowy  range,  the  real  Alps  themselves.  The 
Isere  hereabouts  ceases  to  be  navigable.  Even 
man  seems  to  have  acknowledged  a  line  of 
demarcation  drawn  by  nature,  for  here  are 
the  marches  of  France  and  Savoy.  The  nu- 
merous old  fortresses  assembled  here,  once 
frowning  defiance  at  each  other  from  all  quar- 
ters, are  not  unworthy  of  remark.  Saint 
Joire  and  Mont  Meillan  are  now  a  heap  of 
ruins.  Les  Marches,  rising  finely  in  a  bold 
position,  is  become  a  private  residence.  Belle- 
combe,  once  the  "clavis  et  custodia  regni 
Delphini,"  is  dismantled.  Fort  Barraux  alone, 
won  by  Lesdiguieres  for  Henri  IV.,  is  still 
kept  up  and  garrisoned.  On  the  other  side 
of  the  Isere,  at  Pontcharra,  we  see  the  re- 
mains of  Avalon,  a  hunting  seat  of  the  old 
Dauphins,  the  birthplace  of  Hugh  de  Wells, 
Bishop  of  Lincoln,  the  chancellor  of  King 
John  of  England.  Above  all,  Grignan,  the 
patrimonial  residence  of  the  "  Chevalier  sans 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  91 

peur  et  sans  reproche,"  deserves  a  visit  for  the 
sake  of  the  fine  prospect  it  commands,  if  not 
for  the  sake  of  its  hero.  Fortune,  by  casting 
the  nativity  of  Bayard  here,  upon  the  very 
frontiers  of  France,  seemed  to  have  destined 
him  from  his  cradle  for  the  post  of  honour. 
His  memory  is  worshipped  throughout  Dau- 
phiny  ;  but  the  respect  it  commands  has  not 
been  sufficient  to  preserve  his  castle  from  the 
universal  destruction  of  the  Revolution.  The 
room,  however,  in  which  he  is  said  to  have 
been  born  still  exists,  and  the  pencilling  on 
the  walls  shows  it  to  be  a  place  of  pilgrimage. 
Among  the  memoranda  there,  a  few  lines 
traced  by  the  hand  of  the  unfortunate  Ame- 
dee  de  Bourmont,  who  soon  after  fell  at 
Algiers,  are  not  without  interest.  From  the 
terrace  of  the  old  courtyard  of  Grignan,  we 
have  a  splendid  prospect,  beginning  at  the 
lower  extremity  of  the  vale  of  Gresivaudan 
near  Grenoble,  sweeping  across  the  cliffs  of 
the  Isere  to  Fort  Barraux,  and  thence  along 
the  valley  towards  Chambery. 

It  is  singular,  that  in  some  of  the  best  maps 
there  is  laid  down  a  road,  apparently  of  some 
magnitude,  from  La  Buissiere  to  Mont  Meil- 
lan,  passing,  it  would  seem,  under  Fort  Bar- 
raux close  along  the  bank  of  the  Isere.  No 
such  road,  or  at  least  nothing  more  than  the 


92  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

merest  lane,  exists  in  that  direction  j  still  less 
likely  is  it  that  one  was  there  in  former  ages, 
before  the  low  country  was  cleared  and 
drained  as  much  as  it  now  is.  The  Isere  runs 
immediately  under  the  heights  of  Fort  Bar- 
raux,  which  it  forms  into  cliffs,  compelling  the 
road  to  ascend  at  once  the  hills  near  the  Fort, 
and  to  approach  Mont  Meillan  by  way  of 
Chapereillan.  This  is  the  '*  first  ascent"  we 
have  encountered  ;  and  associated  with  the 
changes  in  the  country  above  mentioned,  and 
its  distance,  which  begins  to  be  about  two 
days'  march  from  Grenoble,  it  is  sufficient  to 
induce  us  to  conjecture  that  we  must  be  at  or 
near  the  ava(3oXr}.  To  ascertain  this,  it  is  ne- 
cessary to  have  recourse  to  the  distances  given 
by  Polybius.  If  La  Buissiere  is  the  avajSoX^, 
it  ought  to  be 

I.  First,  1400  stadia,  175  m.  p.  from  Taras- 
con. 

II.  Secondly,  nearly  1200  stadia,  150  m.  p. 
from  the  plains  of  the  Po. 

Tried  by  these  tests,  and  not  found  want- 
ing. La  Buissiere  may  be  reasonably  set  down 
as  the  spot  sought  for. 

I.  1400  stadia,  or  1^5  Roman  miles,  from 
Tarascon.  Out  of  this  distance,  one  hundred 
miles  have  been  already  exhausted  between 
Tarascon  and  Valence  :  the  distance  therefore 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  93 

between  Valence  and  La  Biiissiere  ought  to 
be  75  miles.  Two  modes  of  computing  dis- 
tances prevail  in  this  country  :  one  by  the 
posts,  as  established  by  government ;  the 
other,  more  common,  by  "  lieues  du  pays." — 
We  will  try  them  both. 

First,  there  are  between  Valence  and  Cha- 
pereillan  161  postes,  which  at  the  common 
rate  of  5  m.  p.  to  the  poste,  will  give  82|  m.  p. 
But  Chapereillan  is  4  J  miles  beyond  La  Buis- 
siere  ;  deducting  that  distance,  we  have  7^ 
M.  p.  left,  and  may  safely  refer  the  super- 
abundant three  miles  to  the  practice  of  over- 
rating the  post  distances. 

Secondly,  there  are  between  Valence  and 
Fort  Barraux  SI  *' lieues  du  pays."  These 
"  lieues"  are  rather  vague ;  sometimes  they 
are  *'  fortes,"  sometimes  "  petites."  I  made 
constant  inquiries  as  to  what  a  "lieue  du 
pays"  was,  and  received  three  explanations — 
that  it  was  "  plus  forte  qu'une  lieue  de  poste  ;" 
that  it  was  "  a  peu  pr6s  trois  milles  d'  Italic  ;" 
and  that  it  was  as  much  as  a  man  could  walk 
in  an  hour.  A  messenger  on  foot,  despatched 
by  some  gentlemen  at  Crest  (Drome)  with  a 
commission  to  Grenoble,  told  me  he  had  per- 
formed the  distance  between  Romans  and  St. 
Marcellin,  four  lieues  du  pays,  easily  in  four 
hours.     Having  walked  by  the  side  of  this 


94  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

man  for  some  time,  I  am  certain  his  ordinary- 
pace  did  not  exceed  3|  English  miles  per  hour. 
From  this,  and  other  observations  in  accomplish- 
ing the  distances,  3h  English  miles  may  be  taken 
as  a  fair  average  for  a  lieue  du  pays.  At  this 
rate,  the  21  lieues  du  pays  between  Valence 
and  Fort  Barraux,  would  give  7^1  English 
miles  ;  deducting  the  mile  between  La  Buis- 
siere  and  Fort  Barraux,  and  adding  5  miles, 
the  necessary  augmentation  to  convert  them 
into  Roman  miles,  we  have  77J  m.  p.,  which 
differs,  but  not  very  materially,  from  the  Poly- 
bian  distance. 

II.  Whatever  uncertainty  we  may  expe- 
rience as  to  the  ava(5oXrj  Th)v  ''AXttcwv  ou  the 
Gallic  side  of  the  Graian  Alp,  we  labour 
under  none  as  to  the  commencement  of  the 
plains  on  the  Italian  side  of  the  mountains. 
The  rock  of  Donas,  very  near  the  village  of 
St.  Martin,  at  which  the  ingenious  authors  of 
the  Dissertation  fix  the  commencement  of  the 
plains,  is  one  of  the  most  remarkable  places 
in  the  whole  march.  At  Donas,  the  valley 
of  the  Doria  Baltea  contracts  so  much,  that 
the  river  originally  must  have  had  to  force  a 
passage  for  itself.  Ancient  and  modern  po- 
tentates have  contributed  their  efforts  to  form 
and  enlarge  a  road  for  man.  We  have  an 
opportunity  of  comparing  the  works  of  Au- 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 


95 


gustus  with  those  of  the  Duke  of  Savoy. 
The  rock  has  been  cut  away  by  the  Romans, 
who  have  shaped  a  portion  of  it  into  a  millia- 
rium  in  the  form  of  a  pilaster,  and  into  an 
arch  extending  across  the  road.  The  Roman 
work  is  finished  off  with  the  chisel,  and  left 
upright  and  smooth  as  a  wall  ;  but  the  mo- 
dern system  of  blasting  with  gunpowder  gives 
a  shaggy  and  unfinished  aspect  to  the  more 
recent  improvements.  Emerging  from  this 
remarkable  pass,  we  seem  at  once  extricated 
from  the  Alps,  and  enter  upon  the  plains  of 
Italy.  The  town  of  Ivrea,  anciently  Epore- 
dia,  stands  in  the  plains  ;  but  being  at  no  great 
distance  from  Donas,  and  a  place  noticed  as 
a  station  in  the  Itineraries,  it  may  suit  our 
purpose  to  commence  from  it  a  calculation  of 
the  distance  towards  the  ascent  of  the  heights 
of  Fort  Barraux  at  La  Buissiere. 


From  Eporedia  (Ivrea)  to  Vitriciura  (Veires) 

Augusta  prsetoria  ( Aosta) 

Arebrigium  (Pre  St.  Didier) 

Artolica  (La  Tuille) 

Alpis  Graia  (Little  St.  Bernard) 

Bergintrum  (St.  Maurice)     . 
Axima  (Ayme)    . 
Darantasia  (Salins) 
Ad  Publicanos  (L'Hopital) 
Mantala( ?) 


M.  P. 

21 

25 

25 

6 

6 

11 
9 
10 
16 
16 


83 


62 


145 


96  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

We  have  here  a  distance  of  145  m.  p.  be- 
tween Ivrea  and  Mantala,  which  is  supposed 
to  have  been  at  or  near  St.  Pierre  d'Albigny  : 
from  these  145  m.  p.  we  mnst  deduct  the  dis- 
tance between  Ivrea  and  Donas,  and  add  that 
between  Mantala  and  La  Buissiere,  which  is 
somewhat  greater,  thus  making  146  or  147 
M.  p.  from  La  Buissiere  to  the  plains  of  Italy. 

The  difference  between  these  measurements 
and  the  Poly  hi  an  distances  is,  an  excess  be- 
tween Tarascon  and  La  Buissiere,  and  a  de- 
falcation  between  La  Buissiere  and  Donas. 
Such  a  result  we  may  be  justified  in  expect- 
ing, from  the  expressions  of  Polybius.  Of 
the  first  distance  he  speaks  positively — yikioi 
T£rpaK6(noi — 1,400  stadia,  or  175  miles,  mean- 
ing the  J'ull  distance  ;  but  of  the  next  he  says, 
IIEFI  y^iXiovg  ^laKOGiovQ — nearly  1,200  stadia, 
150  M.  p.  ;  and  in  this  we  need  not  expect 
the  whole  distance.  Thus,  then,  the  measure- 
ments are  completed  sufficiently  within  the 
letter  of  the  law  of  Polybius. 

M.  p. 

From  Tarascon  to  La  Buissiere,  under  Fort 

Barraux 175  full. 

From  La  Buissiere  to  Donas       .         .         .150  nearly. 

With  these  distances  thus  determined,  and 
with  the   undeviating  concurrence  we   have 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  97 

hitherto  found  between  the  description  of  the 
country  in  Polybius  and  its  actual  state  at  pre- 
sent, we  gain  confidence  as  we  advance,  and 
feel  a  conviction  that  we  are  clearly  following 
the  traces  of  the  Carthaginian  army.  But  at 
Fort  Barraux  I  take  leave  of  Hannibal,  satis- 
fied if,  by  accompanying  him  so  far,  the  least 
assistance  towards  an  explanation  of  his  won- 
derful expedition  has  been  in  any  way  afforded. 
His  road  now  enters  the  Alps  themselves  : 
the  fine  valley  of  the  Tarentaise,  opening  at 
Mont  Meillan,  lies  close  before  him,  directly 
leading  to  the  foot  of  the  Graian  Alp.  The 
remainder  of  the  march  has  been  so  amply 
illustrated  by  the  Oxford  authors,  that  no  one 
can  read  their  work  and  wish  for  any  thing 
more,  than  to  visit  in  person  the  curious 
scenes  it  describes. 

It  may  be  worth  while,  however,  to  subjoin 
a  scheme  of  the  journal  of  Polybius,  dating 
from  the  capture  of  Cularo,  arranged  accord- 
ing to  days  and  distances,  in  the  best  shape  it 
appears  to  me  capable  of  assuming.  The  time 
and  distances  are  absolute,  and  sufficiently 
satisfactory  ;  the  places  assigned  as  the  proba- 
ble termination  of  each  day's  march  are  of 
course  often  conjectural. 


H 


m 


THE    MARCH   OF    HANNIBAL. 


March  of  Hannibal  from  Grenoble  to  the  plains  of  the 
Po  at  Donas,  arranged  in  days  according  to  the  text  of 
Polybius. 


Distance. 

Cularo 
(Grenoble) 
to  La  Buis- 
'siere, 

M.  P. 

22 


Time. 
Day. 
L  paV  einiieivuQ  TJfie'pav,  "halting  for  one 
day"  at  Grenoble. 

2.  avdiQ  ojpjLia,  "he  set  forth  again."     Ad- 

vances to  Lumbin,  where  the  post,  divid- 
ing the  distance,  is  now  established. 

3.  Advance  to  Chapereillan. 

(The  ascent  of  the  Alps  is  begun.) 

4.  For  some  time  he  led  his  army  in  safety ,*n 

but 

^Sr}  he  Teraprdioq  lau,  dvdig  etc  KivhvyovQ 

TrapeyeVero  fxeydXavQ. 

"  But  now  on  the  fourth  day,  he  again 

approached  great  dangers. '*    6i  yap  irepl 

TTjv  hiodoy  oiKovvreq.     "  For  the  people 

who  dwelt  round  about  the  pass" — the 

Centrones — plotting  treachery,  came  out    

to   meet  him   under   the    semblance    of/J°j^'^°P^ 

friendship. 

Halt  at  Freterive. 

5.  Advance  ad  Publicanos — to  L'Hopital — a 

short  day's  march.  Halt  and  parley  with 
the  Centrones.  The  territories  of  the  Al- 
lobroges  and  Centrones  were  divided  at 
Conflans,  or  L'Hopital,  by  the  river  Arly. 
TToXvV  fxev  -xpovov  rjvXaPeLTO.  "He 
hesitated  a  long  while." 


La  Buis- 
siere  ad 
Publicanos 


32 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL, 


99 


Day 


Brought  forward 

6.  After  reflecting  that  he  could  gain  nothing 

by  delay,  he  accepted  hostages,  and  con- 
tinued the  march  in  company  with  some 
of  the  Centrones  as  guides.     ■/.         y  ~ 
Advance  to  B orgintrum,  ul.Maui'i«i€ 

7.  TTpoTTopevofjievMv   ^'dvru)v  eirl   dvo   r\p,epai<;. 

"  Having  nrpceeded  for  two  days,"  on^^lns, 
the  secotiaaay,  they  reach  Aiiimtt;  Ay  m  c . 

8.  ffvyaOpOLfrdeyrec  6i    Tzpocipi^^evoi,    kcll  av- 

paKoXovdi'jtTayreQf  eiriTidevTat,  ^dpayya 
Tira  hvajf^aToy  kcll  Kprj^voihr}  nepatovfxevwv 
dvTwv. 

"  The  above-mentioned  people,  collect- 
ing together,  and  pursuing,  (the  Cartha- 
ginians,) set  upon  them,  as  they  were 
going  through  a  certain  difficult  and  pre- 
cipitous ravine/'  ^'^  * 

Here  they  narrowly  escaped  total  de- 
struction. A  battle  ensued  :  Hannibal, 
with  half  his  forces,  was  obliged  to  scale 
the  rocks,  and  keep  guard,  while  the  rest 
of  the  troops  and  the  baggage,  marching 
all  night,  passed  the  defile. 
hiiiQ  iv  oXi]  Ty  vvKTt  rdvTa  jioXiq  e^ejjirj- 
pij<xa  TO  T^Q  ^(apadpaQ. 
"  While  that  part  of  the  army,  during 
the  whole  night,  with  difficulty  got 
through  the  ravine." 

9.  T^  B  i'7ravptov....7rporj'Ye  Tzpoqrdc  VTvepfioXdg 

rdiQ  dviordTU)  T(jiv" A\'ir€ii)v ^l^vvaTaioq 

Ze  ^lavvaaq  eic  tuq  vTrepjooXdc. 
"  The    next  day   he  reached    the    very 
highest  part  of  the  passage  of  the  Alps 
— having  gained  the  summit  (of  the  Lit- 
tle St.  Bernard)  on  the  ninth  day. 
*  See  Note,  p.  109. 


Distance. 
M.  P. 

32 


1^ 


.w  /t 


^ 


c,  52. 


c.  53. 


c.  53. 


H 


78 
2 


100  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

Day.  Distance. 

M.   P. 
Brought  forward    ....  78 

c.  53.  10  &  11.    dvTov    KaT€(rrpaT07reBeva€f     kul     Bvo 

yfiepuQ  Trpoaefietve. 

"  He  there  encamped,  and  remained  for 
two  days."^^^*  There  was  already  a  good 
deal  of  snow  upon  the  higher  parts,  ^id 

c.  54.  rd  avvdiTTeiv  ti]v  ttjq  HXeid^og  Bvaip — "  as 

it  was  ahout  the  time  of  the  setting  of  the 
Pleiades."  ^'^^ 

c.  54.  12.  ry  ^'eiravpiov    avai^ev^aq,     ev^p\eTO    rrjq 

Kara^dtreioQ. 

"  The  next  day,  breaking   up   the   en- 
campment, he  commenced  the  descent." 
Proceed  to  ArtoUca,    (la   Tuille,)  where 
an  impediment  in  the  road  prevented  any 
further  advance  ^^^  .  .  .  6 

g^  55^  iffTparoTrehevffe  izepl  rtjv  pd')(Lv. 

*'  He  encamped  near  the  precipice." 

13.  Repairs  of  the  road  carried  on  actively — 

enough  was  effected  in  one  day  to  admit 
of  a  part  of  the  army  descending  to  Are- 
brigium  (Pre  St.  Didier.) 
^  gg^  rote   ftev  Zvv   viro'CvyioiQ  Kat  toiq  ''nnrotq 

iKavrjv  €7roiri<T€. 

*'  In  one  day  he  made  a  passage  suffi- 
cient for  the  beasts  of  burden  and  the 
horses." 

14.  Repairs  of  the  road  continue. 

15.  Repairs   of   the  road  completed — the  ele- 

phants descend  to  Arebrigium  (Pre  St.         % 
Didier)  .  .  .  •  •  6 


90 


*  See  Notes,  page  110,  &c. 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 


101 


Day. 


Brought  forward    .... 

yaye  rd  drjpla. 

"  With  difficuUy  in  three  days,  having 
suffered  a  good  deal,  he  got  the  elephants 
through. ^^^* 

16.  'Aw//3ac  ^e,  (Twadpoiaan    ofxov  irdaav  rrjv 

hvvafXLV,  Kare/Satve. 

"  But  Hannibal,  having  got  all  his 
forces  together,  continued  the  descent" — 
from  Arebrigium,  (Pre  St.  Didier.) 

17.  March  continued. 

18.  TpiTOLiOQ    ctTTO    T(t)V   TrpoetprjjJieviov    Kprjfxvujy 

Biavvffag,  ijxparo  riav  cTriTre^wy. 
"  On  the   third   day    after    the     above- 
mentioned    precipices,    (at    La    Tuille,) 
having  completed  the  passage,  he  touched 
the  plains." 

Having  accomplished  r?)v  tIov" AXirewv 
v7r€p(3oXrjy  i^fxepaig  irevre    kcli  ^efca, 
main  pass  of  the  Alps  mffteen  days. 


Distance. 

M.    P. 

90 


C.55. 


C.56. 


c.  56. 


57 


c.56. 


147 


And    now    Kari^^i^    roX^i^pwc    ac    ra    Trspi    tov  ^*  ^^* 
ITaoov  irecia,  Kai  to  tCjv  'laofi^pwv  i^^voq, 

*'  He  descended  fearlessly  into  the  plains 
about  the  Po,  and  the  nation  of  the  Insu- 
brians." 

With  these  words  Polybius  closes  the  ac- 
count of  the  march  :  and  the  mention  of  the 


*  See  Note,  page  112. 


102  THE    MARCIf    OF    HANNIBAL. 

Insubrian  Gauls  is  justly  advanced  as  one  of 
the  strongest  proofs  that  Hannibal  crossed  the 
Graian  Alp,  and  descended  the  valley  of  the 
Salassi,  for  that  valley  debouches  into  the 
plains  of  the  Po  in  the  identical  country  occu- 
pied formerly  by  that  people ;  whereas,  the 
valleys  of  the  Cottian  Alp — those  of  Perosa 
and  Susa — descend  upon  the  country  of  the 
Taurini.  Some  fresh  evidence  may  be  gleaned 
from  the  other  words,  rd  Trspl  t6v  Ua^ov  wed  la, 
so  frequently  mentioned  as  the  part  of  Italy 
in  which  the  Carthaginians  were  first  to 
arrive. 

Polybius,  in   describing  the  course  of  the 

Po,   says  it  turns  towards  the  east,  when  it 

ii.  c.  16.     reaches  the  plains — a<piK6fxevoQ  d'eig  rovg  cttitteSouc 

roTTOuc,  EKKXlvag  rw  pLvfxari  npog  eu),  (piperai  di  avrtLv 
— "  reaching  the  plains,  it  flows  through 
them,  inclining  with  its  stream  towards  the 
east."  If  by  these  words  we  are  to  under- 
stand that  the  river  has  not  arrived  at  the 
plains,  until  it  takes  an  easterly  direction,  it 
is  clear  that  the  plains,  in  Polybius's  estima- 
tion, are  not  anywhere  at  the  foot  of  the  Cot- 
tian Alp,  but  that  they  are  near  the  foot  of 
the  Graian  Alp,  because  a  little  before  re- 
ceiving the  Dora  Baltea,  which  flows  from 
that  Alp,  the  Po  begins  to  turn  to  the  east- 
ward.    The  Po,  according  to  Polybius,  rises  at 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  103 

the  apex  of  the  triangle,*  to  which  he  likens  the 
shape  of  Northern  Italy — that  is,  it  rises  at 
the  junction  of  the  Alps  and  the  Apennines. 
"  Thence,"  he  says,  "  it  flows  down  towards 
the  plains,  taking  its  course  as  if  towards  the 
south.''  These  words  are  astounding — be- 
cause most  certainly  the  Po  "  rolls  its  infant 
stream"  towards  the  north.     Surely,  instead 

of  Ljg  £17 1  fxzar]fx^Qiav ,  we    OUght  to  read,  wc  CLTTO 

lj,E(Trjlj,(5piag ;  although  even  this  alteration 
would  not  convey  a  perfectly  satisfactory 
meaning. 

The  complete  development  of  the  route  of 
Hannibal,  a  geographical  problem  of  2,000 
years  standing,  was  for  ages  considered  hope- 
less. The  component  parts  of  the  puzzle, 
time,  space,  roads,  rivers,  and  mountains, 
seemed  jumbled  together  in  inexplicable  con- 
fusion. In  our  Latin  guide,  the  narrative  was 
at  variance  with  its  authorities  and  with 
itself.     In  our  Greek  guide, 

"  Pure  description  held  the  place  of  names." 

But  within  these  few  years  a  line  of  march 

*  The  apex  of  this  figure  is  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the 
Col  d'Argentiere.  Pliny,  and  all  subsequent  geographers, 
have  assigned  the  birth  of  the  Po  to  Monte  Viso,  selecting 
the  highest  mountain  for  that  pui-pose.  Polybius,  by  follow- 
ing the  stream  which  has  the  longest  course,  the  Maira,  is 
perhaps  the  most  correct. 


104  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

has  been  pointed  out,  supported  by  sound 
reasoning,  and  in  perfect  accordance  with  the 
tale  as  told  by  its  faithful  and  almost  contem- 
porary historian.  If,  in  adding  any  new  matter, 
such  as  the  place  of  the  passage  of  the  Rhone 
at  Tarascon* — the  propriety  of  measuring  "the 
800  stadia  along  the  river,"  previous  to  the 
passage  of  the  Isere — the  march  of  the  army 
by  way  of  Cularo,  and  the  capture  of  that 
town — and,  lastly,  if  by  thus  obtaining  a 
closer  approximation  to  the  Polybian  dis- 
tances, and  a  complete  correspondence  with 
time  throughout  the  march,  this  treatise  may 
be  considered  as  having  at  all  assisted  in  un- 
ravelling the  mystery,  the  object  of  its  author 
is  accomplished. 

*  The   author   has   evidently  not    seen   the    little  work 
alluded  to  in  the  note  page  21. — Ed. 


105 


BATTLE  OF  THE  TICINUS. 


I  SHALL  avail  myself  of  the  precedent  af- 
forded by  M.  Deluc's  example,  in  appending 
to  the  March  of  Hannibal  a  few  observations 
upon  the  site  of  the  Battle  of  the  Ticinus. 

The  descent  of  the  Carthaginians  into  Italy, 
and  the  capture  of  Turin,  ttjv  j^apyrarrtv  noXiv,  c.  eo. 
"  an  exceedingly  strong  town,"  after  three 
days'  siege,  were  followed  by  the  rencontre 
with  Scipio  in  the  engagement  which  bears 
the  name  of  the  Battle  of  the  Ticinus ;  and 
which,  no  doubt,  was  fought  at  no  great  dis- 
tance from  that  river.  With  regard  to  the 
precise  scene  of  action,  almost  as  much  con- 
tention exists  respecting  it,  as  about  the  pas- 
sage of  the  Alps  themselves  ;  and  yet  the  ac- 
count we  have  in  Polybius  scarcely  justifies 
such  perplexity. 

The  hostile  forces  are  represented  as  ad- 
vancing both  along  the  Po  ;  Hannibal  from 
the  neighbourhood  of  Turin,  and  Scipio  from 


106  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

that  of  Cremona,*  both  eager  for  the  fight. 
The  Roman,  upon  reaching  the  Ticinus,  con- 
structed a  bridge  and  carried  his  army  across. 
The  battle  took  place  after  both  parties  had 
advanced  a  little  farther, 
c.  65.  Trporlyov  a/mcporepoi  wapa  tov  TTOTafxoVy  eK  tov  irpoq 

raq'  AXttuq  fxkpovq,  '^yovr^q  ev^jw/ixov  fxkv  oi   Pwjuatot, 
^e^iov  ^£  TOV  povv  01  Kap^r/Soviot. 

*  We  have  no  information  as  to  where  Scipio  crossed  the 
Po.  Livy  makes  him  land  at  Genoa,  when  he  hastened 
back  from  the  mouth  of  the  Rhone  upon  discovering  that 
Hannibal  was  in  full  march  towards  the  Graian  Alp.  In 
this  case,  he  would  have  crossed  the  Po  at  Placentia.  But 
Polybius,  our  best  authority,  expressly  informs  us  more  than 
once  that  he  landed  at  Pisa,  and  passed  from  thence 
"through  Tyrrhenia,"  or  "through  Italy."  In  this  case, 
which  was  for  the  purpose  of  taking  up  the  troops  stationed 
at  Ariminum  (Rimini)  or  Modena,  engaged  in  watching 
the  Boii,  he  would  have  gone  from  Pisa  to  Arezzo,  and 
thence  across  the  Apennines  to  Rimini,  through  the  Sal- 
Tit.  Liv.  pinian  tribe,  by  a  road  near  the  sources  of  the  Tyber  and 
2i^&c^*  ^^®  Arno,  not  unfrequently  used  by  the  Romans.  He 
would  then  have  to  cross  the  Po  between  Modena  and  Cre- 
mona; for  the  country  between  Modena  and  Placentia  was 
at  that  time  considered  impracticable  on  account  of  its 
marshes — the  marshes  through  which  Hannibal  carried  his 
army  the  ensuing  spring,  according  to  Dr.  Cramer,  who  has 
most  satisfactorily  elucidated  this  point  in  his  work  upon  the 
geogTaphy  of  ancient  Italy — an  invaluable  book  to  the  1  ta- 
lian  traveller.  But  whether  Scipio  crossed  the  Po  at  Cre- 
mona or  Placentia  is  of  little  moment ;  in  either  case,  he 
would  have  been  advancing  straight  upon  the  Ticinus,  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  Pavia. 


THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL.  107 

"  They  both  advanced  along  the  river,  upon 
the  parts  towards  the  Alps,  the  Romans  hav- 
ing the  stream  on  their  left,  the  Carthaginians 
with  it  on  their  right." 

The  difficulty  arises  from  these  words  being 
usually  applied  to  the  Ticinus ;  which  cer- 
tainly, although  at  a  considerable  interval,  had 
been  the  last  river  mentioned.  We  are  con- 
fused with  the  side  of  a  river  described  as 
**  towards  the  Alps,"  while  the  river  itself,  in 
a  course  at  a  right  angle  from  the  Alps,  pre- 
sents neither  side  towards  those  mountains  ; 
and  we  are  surprised  at  discovering  Scipio 
and  Hannibal,  who  had  been  approaching  one 
from  the  east  and  the  other  from  the  west, 
along  the  Po,  now  suddenly  in  situations  north 
and  south  of  each  other  upon  the  Ticinus, 
But  if  we  might  understand  irapa  t6v  HoTa^ov, 
as  applied  to  the  nobler  river, — to  the  Po* — 
of  which  frequent  mention  had  been  made 
already,  whereas  the  Ticinus  is  only  alluded 
to  in  connexion  with  its  bridge,  which  by  being 
broken  down,  afterwards  stopped  Hannibal 
in  his  pursuit  of  Scipio,  then  the  mists  disap- 
pear, the  prospect  brightens. 

*   Just  as  the  Rhone  is  called  Trorafxoy  (ill.  c.  50.)  al- 
though the  Isere  had  been  the  river  last  named. 


108  THE    MARCH    OF    HANNIBAL. 

Adspice  !  namqiie  omnem,  quae  nunc  obducta  tuenti 
Mortales  hebetat  visus  tibi,  et  humida  circum 
Caligat,  nubem  ereptam. 

We  now  clearly  discover  the  armies  along  the 
Po  "on  the  side  towards  the  Alps."  The 
Romans,  of  course,  with  the  stream  on  their 
left — the  Carthaginians  with  it  to  their  right 
— along  the  most  direct  road  by  which,  in 
their  mutual  eagerness  to  engage,  they  would 
naturally  have  sought  a  meeting. 

The  above  explanation  seems  satisfactory  ; 
but  in  addition  it  may  be  observed,  that  Poly- 
bius,  on  the  only  occasion  where  he  refers  to 
this  action,  does  not  call  it  the  "  Battle  of  the 
Ticinus,"  but  the  "  Battle  near  the  Po." 

Polyb.  rriV   TTEpl  TOV   IIAAON    KoXoVfXEVOV  TTOTa/ULOV   ITTTTO- 

Keliq.  X.  , 

Such  at  least  were  the  conclusions  which 
followed  a  hasty  examination  of  this  country 
in  1820.  Should  the  political  state  of  Italy 
(which  seems  at  present  almost  disposed  to 
threaten  the  traveller  with  an  opportunity  of 
witnessing  some  modern  warfare,  rather  than 
allowing  him  peaceably  to  investigate  the  topo- 
graphy of  ancient  battles,)  admit  of  any  future 
examination  of  the  country,  it  is  possible  that 
a  more  attentive  inspection  may  lead  to  some 
better  remarks. 


NOTE  S. 


yj^  Note  1,  page  99. 

The  valley  between  Ay  me  and  the  foot  of  the  Little 
St.  Bernard  becomes  confined  and  rugged  ;  and  con-esponds 
completely  with  the  pass  described  by  Polybius,  where 
Hannibal  was  set  upon  by  the  mountaineers,  and  so  nar- 
rowly escaped  total  destruction.  Here,  too,  is  the  famous 
XevKoTrerpov,  upon  which  so  much  has  been  built.  The 
genius  of  the  Greek  language  does  not  require  that  irept  ri 
XevKOTTCTpov  should  be  translated  absolutely  "  upon  a  white 
rock."  It  might  equally  signify  "  silice  in  nuda,'' — "  upon 
a  bare  rock," — without  the  necessity  of  its  being  "  white." 
But  to  find  a  white  gypsum  rock,  really  called  the  "  roche 
blanche,"  at  or  near  the  very  spot  where  Polybius  speaks  of 
a  XevKOTrerpov,  is  too  tempting  a  coincidence  to  be  resigned 
without  a  struggle;  and  even  to  throw  a  doubt  upon  it 
might  appear  inhuman.  It  must  be  acknowledged  also, 
that  TTcpl  TL  XevKOTrerpoy  oxvpov  does  seem  really  to  allude 
to  some  07ie  particular  "  commanding  bare  rock."  In  order 
to  protect  effectually  the  passage  of  the  army,  Hannibal 
must  have  either  occupied  the  rocks  on  both  sides  of  the 
defile,  or  taken  possession  of  some  one  rock  which  alone 
commanded  the  pass,  and  from  which  the  enemy  might 
have  particularly  harassed  him.  Now,  to  have  occupied 
the  "  roche  blanche"  by  itself,  would  seem  to  have  been 
scarcely  sufiicient,  because  each  side  of  the  valley  there 

^  ^^^^    y^^-^    ^-^^  ^  -^  '^I^   -     ^^ 


110  NOTES. 

presents  an  equal  facility  of  attack.  But  there  is  a  rock 
about  half-way  between  Aynie  and  St.  Maurice,  a  very  re- 
markable one,  descending  perjjendicularly  into  the  road 
from  the  north  side  of  the  valley,  from  which  a  very  small 
body  of  men  might  interrupt  the  march  of  a  whole  army. 

Note  2,  fage  100. 

*  The  picturesque  circumstance  of  Hannibal  standing 
upon  the  summit  of  the  Alps,  and  animating  the  drooping 
spirits  of  the  Carthaginians  by  showing  them  the  plains  of 
Italy,  has  long  been  dwelt  upon  as  the  most  remarkable 
feature  in  the  whole  story,  and  a  triumphant  argument 
against  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  from  which  the  plains  of 
Italy  are  not  discernible.  We  have  been  repeatedly  as- 
sured that  they  are  not  visible  from  any  alpine  pass,  not 
even  from  the  Grand  St.  Bernard,  at  a  much  greater  ele- 
vation than  its  minor  namesake.  To  every  traveller  (ex- 
cepting one,  who  blessed  with  poetic  vision. 

And  placed  on  high,  above  the  storm's  career. 
Looks  downward,  where  an  hundred  realms  appear,) 

this  is  perfectly  intelligible,  because  he  well  knows  the 
sinuosities  of  the  Alpine  valleys,  and  how  uniformly  the 
highest  part  of  any  mountain  pass,  is  only  a  gorge  sur- 
rounded by  higher  summits.  But  the  words  of  Polybius  do 
not  convey  any  positive  assertion  that  Hannibal  either  saw  or 
showed  the  plains  of  the  Po.  We  are  told,  that  finding  his 
troops  discouraged,  he  endeavoured  to  cheer  them  by  means 
C.54.  of  one  thing,  Ti\v  rrjq  'IraXiaq  ivdpyeLav,  the  '^evidence,"  or 

"  positive  certainty  of  Italy."  For,  adds  Polybius,  it  so  lies 
under  the  mountains,  that  crvvdewpovjuevujv  diicpoiv,  "looking 
upon  them  both  together,"  the  mountains  appear  to  be  a 
sort  of  acropolis  to  the  whole  of  Italy.  Whereupon, 
ev^eiKvvfievoQ  avroLq  rd  Trepi  rov  Wdcov  ireZia,  "  indicating 


NOTES.  Ill 

to  them  the  plains  of  the  Po,"  reminding  them  of  the  per- 
fectly fiiendly  disposition  of  the  Gauls  who  dwelt  there  ;  and 
at  the  same  time,  rdy  rrJQ  'Pw'p/c  dvrfJQ  tottov  vTrodeiKvvojy,  "i*  ^-  ^^' 
"  describing  to  them  the  situation  of  Rome  itself,"  he  suc- 
ceeded in  reviving  their  courage.  There  is  nothing  more  in 
this,  then,  than  Hannibal  made  a  speech  to  his  troops,  ex- 
plaining to  them  in  a  general  way  the  nature  of  Italy;  upon 
the  acropolis  of  which,  as  it  were,  they  were  then  placed. 
He  described  first  the  plains  of  the  Po,  just  below  them,  in- 
habited by  their  allies ;  and  then  the  position  of  Rome 
itself.  In  the  previous  speeches  at  New  Cai-thage,  and  on 
the  Rhone,  he  had  used  the  same  ai'guments,  which  Poly- 
bius  records  much  in  the  same  manner.  It  is  worthy  of 
remark,  perhaps,  that  if  a  sight  of  Italy  had  been  necessary 
to  revive  the  spirits  of  the  army,  and  the  plains  of  the  Po 
had  really  been  visible,  there  would  have  been  no  occasion 
for  Hannibal  to  call  an  assembly,  and  point  out  what  must 
have  been  apparent  to  the  eyes  of  every  man  in  the  army. 

Note  3,  page  100. 

Absconduntur  autem  (Vergilise)  altero  et  trigessimo  die 
post  autumnale  equinoctium,  quod  fere  conficitur  nono  Cal. 
Octobris." — Columel,  ii.  8. 

The  difference  in  the  time  of  the  achronical  setting  of 
the  Pleiades  between  the  period  of  Hannibal  or  Polybius, 
and  that  of  Columella,  would  not  be  considerable. 

Note  4,  page  100. 

The  situation  and  nature  of  this  impediment  in  the 
road  form  one  of  the  most  curious  and  convincing  circum- 
stances in  the  whole  march.  In  the  extract  from  De 
Saussure,  so  opportunely  brought  forward  by  M.  Deluc,  the 
historian  of  the  Alps  uses  almost  the  very  words  of  the 
historian  of  Hannibal ;  and  yet  it  is  probable  that  nothing 


1  IS  NOTES. 

was  farther  from  the  mind  of  the  philosopher  than  the  work 
of  Polybius. 

Note  5,  page  101. 

Some  importance  has  been  attached  to  the  circumstance 
of  elephants'  bones  and  teeth  having  been  found  in  some  of 
the  alpine  streams;  but  the  discovery  of  these  remains 
seems  very  unauthenticated.  The  geological  nature  of  the 
SQiTounding  mountains  renders  the  discovery  of  any  fossils 
of  this  sort  among  the  higher  Alps  very  unlikely.  It  does 
not,  however,  appear  from  Polybius  that  any  of  Hannibal's 
elephants  perished  in  crossing  the  Alps,  although  they 
suffered  much  from  want  of  browse.  The  death  of  the 
elephants,  all  except  one,  is  recorded  to  have  occurred  in 
consequence  of  the  severe  snow-storm  and  frost  at  the  time 
iii.  c.  74.  of  the  battle  of  the  Trebia.  The  elephants  employed  by  the 
iii^'c  46.  Carthaginians  came  from  India — so,  at  least,  we  may  infer 
Reliq.  xi.  from  the  circumstance  of  their  cornacks,  or  attendants, 
having  been  Indians.  The  Indian  elephant  was  the  best 
fighter.  In  a  battle  between  Antiochus  and  Ptolemy  Philo- 
pater,  a  party  of  Indian  elephants  overthrew  a  body  of 
African  elephants,  which  could  not  endure  the  smell,  the 
sound,  the  size,  and  the  strength  of  their  Asiatic  adversaries 
These  two  distinct  species  of  elephants  seem  to  have  escaped 
the  discrimination  of  Linnaeus,  but  they  have  been  recog- 
nized by  Cuvier  under  the  names  of  the  Elephas  Indicus, 
and  Elephas  Capensis.  Had  Hannibal's  elephants  been 
natives  of  Africa,  and  any  of  their  grinders  been  discovered, 
they  might  have  been  identified  with  some  degree  of  cer- 
tainty; but  as  being  of  the  Indian  breed,  their  grinders 
would  stand  a  chance  of  being  confounded  with  those  of  the 
fossil  elephant.  For  in  the  fossil  elephant  the  lineaments  of 
the  crown  of  the  grinders  are  distinguished  by  wavy  lines, 
formed  by  parallel  perpendicular  laminse,  which  is  also  the 


C.  1. 

V,  c 


NOTES.  113 

case  with  the  Asiatic  elephant  now  existing ;  whereas,  in  the 
existing  African  elephant,  the  lineaments  are  rhomboidal,  or 
lozenge  shaped.  The  only  good  authority  for  HannibaPs 
losing  any  of  these  animals  during  his  march  is  that  of  Mr* 
Rogers,  who  kills  an  elephant  among  the  Alps  in  a  manner 
so  animated  and  vividly  descriptive,  as  almost  to  make  us 
eye-witnesses,  and  able  of  ourselves  to  vouch  for  the  fact. 

.     .     .     .     "  Great  was  the  tumult  there. 
Deafening  the  din,  when  in  barbaric  pomp 
The  Carthaginian,  on  his  march  to  Rome, 
Entered  their  fastnesses — trampling  the  snows. 
The  war-horse  reared — and  the  towered  elephant 
Upturned  his  trunk  into  the  murky  sky. 
Then  tumbled  headlong,  swallowed  up  and  lost 
He  and  his  rider. — Now  the  scene  is  changed. 
And  o'er  the  Simplon,  o'er  the  Splugen  winds 
A  path  of  pleasure." 

Italy,  p.  30. 


THE   END. 


LONDON : 
IBOTSON    AMD    PALMER,  PRINTERS,  SAVOY  STREET,    STRAKD. 


l>^ 


m    w 


rM. 


^■r^,)' 


RETURN  TO  De1£^?'  USE 

°^'^  ^*°M  WHICH  BORKOWED 

lOAN  DEPT. 

^«  book  is  due  on  the  la.f  ^.. 
-» "ject  to  immediate  recall. 


-^5W64Q1_ 


i*pn-HS94— 


/T^  2lA-40m-4  '63 
(I>647Tsl0)476B 


-*^^MH»t^ 


General  Library 
"erkeley 


^rt%i\r\ 


85739 


THE  UNIVERSITY  OF  CALIFORNIA  LIBRARY 


I 


