SOURCE URL: https://archive.org/details/newyorkbkpoet00fennrich
DOCUMENT: The New-York Book of Poetry [ed. Charles Fenno Hoffman] (New-York: George Dearborn, 38 Gold Street, 1837; Advertisement dated 38 Gold Street, Dec. 24, 1836), pp. 217-219: "A VISIT FROM ST. NICHOLAS / BY CLEMENT C. MOORE." First printing under Moore's name.
PROVENANCE OF THIS TEXT: OCR (djvu text) of the archive.org scan; page-header lines retained.
VERIFICATION STATUS: [V] verified directly against a scan or OCR of the original document / period printing
RETRIEVED: 2026-09-14
NOTES: OCR: read "Prancer ! now, Vixen !" / "Donder and Blixen —" and "Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good night !". Other Moore pieces in the volume are signed "BY CLEMENT C. MOORE.—1804."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
THE
NEW-YORK   BOOK
OF
POETRY.
"  Patrice  fumus  igne  alieuo  luculentior."
NEW-YORK  :
GEORGE   DEARBORN,   PUBLISHER,
NO.    38    GOLD    STREET.  *
1837.
3^C?
N  E  w-Yo  R  K  :
Printed  by  SCATCHKRD  &  ADAMS,
No.  38  Gold  Street.
ADVERTISEMENT.
THE  work  here  presented  to  the  Public  is  compiled  from
the  poetical  writings  of  natives  of  the  State  of  New- York.
The  chief  object  in  making  the  collection  was  to  give  '  a  local
habitation  and  a  name'  to  fugitive  pieces,  which,  though  deem
ed  worthy  of  being  thus  preserved,  have  hitherto  been  circu
lated  in  the  newspapers  and  periodicals  solely.  It  was  thought
well,  however,  by  way  of  giving  completeness  to  the  work,  to
embody  with  the  rest  specimens  of  those  New- York  poets
whose  writings  have  been  already  collected  in  another  shape.
The  design  of  executing  such  a  work  only  suggested  itself
to  the  Publisher  a  fortnight  before  the  last  sheet  was  put  to
press ;  and  as  he  was  desirous  that  THE  NEW-YORK  BOOK
should  appear  at  the  season  when  the  annuals  and  other  simi
lar  publications  are  most  in  request,  those  who  have  aided  him
in  the  compilation  have  perhaps  vainly  attempted  to  make  up
in  industry  for  the  want  of  time.  Under  the  most  favourable
circumstances,  however,  it  would  be  idle  to  attempt  making
such  a  collection  what  it  ought  to  be  in  a  single  volume.  The
field  of  our  Anthology  is  wider  than  any  casual  observer  could
conceive  ;  and  even  in  thus  rapidly  exploring  it,  the  sources
of  so  many  new  specimens  have  been  indicated  that  it  is
hoped  the  reception  of  this  volume  will  be  such  as  to  warrant
the  Publisher  in  soon  following  it  up  by  another  of  the  same
character.
38  Gold  Street^  Dec.  24,  1836.

[... pp. 217-219 ...]

And  Ceres  sees  her  daughter's  two-fold  mien,
On  Earth  a  nymph,  in  Pluto's  realms  a  queen.
A   VISIT    FROM  ST.   NICHOLAS
BY    CLEMENT    C.    MOORE.
'TWAS  the  night  before  Christmas,  when  all  through  the  house
Not  a  creature  was  stirring,  not  even  a  mouse ;
The  stockings  were  hung  by  the  chimney  with  care,
In  hopes  that  St.  Nicholas  soon  would  be  there ;
28
«
A    VISIT    FROM    ST.    NICHOLAS.
The  children  were  nestled  all  snug  in  their  beds,
While  visions  of  sugar-plums  danced  through  their  heads  ;
And  mamma  in  her  'kerchief,  and  I  in  my  cap,
Had  just  settled  our  brains  for  a  long  winter's  nap—
When  out  on  the  lawn  there  arose  such  a  clatter,
I  sprang  from  the  bed  to  see  what  was  the  matter  :
Away  to  the  window  I  flew  like  a  flash,
Tore  open  the  shutters  and  threw  up  the  sash.
The  moon,  on  the  breast  of  the  new-fallen  snow,
Gave  the  lustre  of  mid-day  to  objects  below.
When,  what  to  my  wondering  eyes  should  appear,
But  a  miniature  sleigh  and  eight  tiny  rein-deer,
With  a  little  old  driver,  so  lively  and  quick,
I  knew  in  a  moment  it  must  be  St.  Nick.
More  rapid  than  eagles  his  coursers  they  came,
And  he  whistled,  and  shouted,  and  called  them  by  name  ;
"  Now,  Dasher  !  now,  Dancer  !  now,  Prancer  !  now,  Vixen  !
On  !  Comet,  on  !  Cupid,  on  !  Donder  and  Blixen —
To  the  top  of  the  porch  !  to  the  top  of  the  wall !
Now,  dash  away,  dash  away,  dash  away  all !"
As  leaves  that  before  the  wild  hurricane  fly,
When  they  meet  with  an  obstacle,  mount  to  the  sky,
So,  up  to  the  house-top  the  coursers  they  flew,
With  the  sleigh  full  of  toys — and  St.  Nicholas  too.
And  then  in  a  twinkling  I  heard  on  the  roof
The  prancing  and  pawing  of  each  little  hoof.
As  I  drew  in  my  head,  and  was  turning  around,
Down  the  chimney  St.  Nicholas  came  with  a  bound.
He  was  dressed  all  in  fur,  from  his  head  to  his  foot,
And  his  clothes  were  all  tarnish'd  with  ashes  and  soot ;
A  bundle  of  toys  he  had  flung  on  his  back,
And  he  look'd  like  a  pedlar  just  opening  his  pack.
His  eyes — how  they  twinkled  !  his  dimples,  how  merry !
His  cheeks  were  like  roses,  his  nose  like  a  cherry ;
ON    SEEING    A    BEAUTIFUL    YOUNG    LADY,  ETC.  219
His  droll  little  mouth  was  drawn  up  like  a  bow,
And  the  beard  on  his  chin  was  as  white  as  the  snow.
The  stump  of  a  pipe  he  held  tight  in  his  teeth,
And  the  smoke,  it  encircled  his  head  like  a  wreath.
He  had  a  broad  face  and  a  little  round  belly
That  shook,  when  he  laugh'd,  like  a  bowl  full  of  jelly.
He  was  chubby  and  plump  ;  a  right  jolly  old  elf ;
And  I  laughed  when  I  saw  him,  in  spite  of  myself.
A  wink  of  his  eye,  and  a  twist  of  his  head,
Soon  gave  me  to  know  I  had  nothing  to  dread.
He  spoke  not  a  word,  but  went  straight  to  his  work.
And  filled  all  the  stockings  ;  then  turned  with  a  jirk,
And  laying  his  finger  aside  of  his  nose,
And  giving  a  nod,  up  the  chimney  he  rose.
He  sprang  to  his  sleigh,  to  his  team  gave  a  whistle,
And  away  they  all  flew  like  the  down  of  a  thistle ;
But  I  heard  him  exclaim  ere  he  drove  out  of  sight,
"  Happy  Christmas  to  all,  and  to  all  a  good  night !"
ON  SEEING  A  BEAUTIFUL  YOUNG  LADY
