SOURCE URL: https://web.archive.org/web/2024/https://www.henrylivingston.com/xmas/witnesses/ht-dec15-1851.htm   [page path reconstructed from the site's relative links]
DOCUMENT: Henry Livingston Thomas (grandson) to Abraham Lansing, Poughkeepsie, 15 Dec. 1851 (NYPL, Lansing-Gansevoort Collection): mentions "Santa Claus with his 'eight tiny reindeer'" — quotes the poem but makes NO authorship claim.
PROVENANCE OF THIS TEXT: henrylivingston.com transcription of the manuscript (Thomas Collection, now New-York Historical Society, unless stated).
VERIFICATION STATUS: [S] SECOND-HAND transcription (not checked against the original)
RETRIEVED: 2026-09-14
NOTES: Live site henrylivingston.com fails TLS in this environment; page fetched from the Internet Archive Wayback Machine (2024 capture) and converted HTML->text; site navigation lines removed. The site (Mary S. Van Deusen, Livingston descendant) transcribes manuscripts of the Thomas Collection / New-York Historical Society; transcriptions are SECOND-HAND and have not been checked against the manuscripts.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
From Henry Livingston Thomas to Abraham Lansing, Dec 15, 1851
Transcription
Poughkeepsie, Dec. 15, 1851.
Dear Abraham,
You have probably expected an answer to your letter before this time, and doubtless have set me down
as an ungrateful fellow, not worthy to be thus thought of, but I have just
received it, as, contrary to the expectation of everybody, Gertrude has been spending
three weeks in Hudson.  I was delighted to hear from you, and thought that as I am one hour the
oldest, you certainly did right in paying me the respect of addressing me the first epistle.
Gertrude tells me that "Old Father Time" has wrought great changes in you - especially as to size - that you
are very studious, filling with knowledge your head, etc.  But I hope that withal you will not
suffer too much learning, to make you mad, as that would be attended with terrible consequences.
We had a visit the other day, from your old servant Campbell - I, being at the office, did not see him,
but mother says that on going to the door she was accosted by a person whom she did not recognize, until
he exclaimed, "Why, don't you remember Comal?"  He said that he was an agent for lamp sicks,
and lived in New York.  I should think he was engaged in rather a novel business.
I trust that
in addition to conversations with pen and ink, we may soon enjoy the pleasure of a visit from you,
as we now have a railroad between us, and that annihilates time and space.  John has occasion to
come this way now and then, and I hope that you will take the opportunity of accompanying him one of these days.
I did not forget to ask Gertrude her welcome of you, and it strikes me that taken altogether,
it was rather uncousinly, at least, if nothing more.  Still, I do not
wonder at her being surprised at beholding you transformed from a little chap, riding on sticks
for horses, to a six footer, and on seeing a stiff beard sprouting from your chin.  You perhaps
often think of the Duanesburgh times, when we rode on horseback in such a novel way: the happiest moments
of my life were probably spent then.
The most prevalent thing among us at Poughkeepsie just now is cold weather, cold feet, and
                                   blue noses, and to crown all the people appear to be afflicted with a general cold in the
                                   head.
As I look from my window just now the sky looks rather lowering, as if the white
                                   masses of snow were preparing themselves for a sally through their cloudy barriers. I trust
                                   they will act in accordance with present appearances, at least in order to allow an easy
                                   passage to Santa Claus with his "eight tiny reindeer," for my sympathy is enlisted on the
                                   side of such juveniles as those whom his visits gladden.
Now, Abraham, I think you may safely consider that we have had that introduction of which you speak.
I therefore hope to receive an answer soon, and with love to Uncle Lansing and all the cousins,
I remain yours affectionately.
Henry L. Thomas
New York Public Library
Lansing-Gansevoort Collection
Kinship
Abraham Lansing and Henry Livingston Thomas were 1st cousins.  Abraham Lansing's mother was Caroline Mary Thomas, the sister
of Henry's good Revolutionary War friend, Dr. John Thomas, who had moved to Poughkeepsie because of his friendship with
Henry.
Hudson-Mohawk Family Memoirs, Vol. I, Hudson-Mohawk Family Histories, Page 73
Abraham, third child of Christopher Yates and Caroline M. (Thomas) Lansing, was born in Albany, New York, February 27, 1835, died October 4, 1899.  His academic education was received in the schools of Berkshire county, Massachusetts, and at the Albany Academy.  He entered Williams College, where he was graduated with the degree of A.B., class of 1855.  He decided to follow the profession of law, and entered his father's office for study and instruction.  He was graduated from the Albany Law School in 1857.  He at once advanced to the front rank and in a short time was looked upon as a leader in his profession.  In 1868 he was appointed city attorney of Albany, and in 1869 was made the first supreme court reporter.  While in that position he published the first seven volumes of the supreme court reports.  In 1874 he was appointed by Governor Dix acting state treasurer, and in 1876 he was chosen corporation counsel for Albany.  In 1882 he was elected state senator for Albany county, receiving the largest majority ever given a candidate for that office.  While in the senate he was actively identified with the passage of the act establishing the State Railroad Commission and the law providing for the establishment of a state park at Niagara Falls.  He was interested in other lines of activity outside his political and professional duties.  He was a director of the National Commercial Bank, trustee of the Albany Savings Bank, park commissioner of Albany, governor of the Albany Hospital, trustee of the Albany Academy, Albany Medical College, Albany Rural Cemetery, Dudley Observatory and the Fort Orange Club; a life member of the State Geological Society and other organizations and clubs.  In his legal business Mr. Lansing had a partner, his brother William.  He married, November 26, 1873, Catherine, daughter of General Peter (2) and Mary (Sanford) Gansevoort, Mrs. Lansing survives her husband.  She is a granddaughter of General Peter and Catherine (Van Schaick) Gansevoort.
