SOURCE URL: https://web.archive.org/web/2024/https://www.henrylivingston.com/xmas/witnesses/gt-jan22-1905.htm   [page path reconstructed from the site's relative links]
DOCUMENT: Gertrude Thomas (granddaughter) to Cornelia Goodrich, 22/29 Jan. 1905 (Thomas Collection): Uncle Charles (b. 1794) remembered his father coming "from his little 'Den' with the newly written poem"; "published in the 'Poughkeepsie Eagle'"; clipping lost.
PROVENANCE OF THIS TEXT: henrylivingston.com transcription of the manuscript (Thomas Collection, now New-York Historical Society, unless stated).
VERIFICATION STATUS: [S] SECOND-HAND transcription (not checked against the original)
RETRIEVED: 2026-09-14
NOTES: Live site henrylivingston.com fails TLS in this environment; page fetched from the Internet Archive Wayback Machine (2024 capture) and converted HTML->text; site navigation lines removed. The site (Mary S. Van Deusen, Livingston descendant) transcribes manuscripts of the Thomas Collection / New-York Historical Society; transcriptions are SECOND-HAND and have not been checked against the manuscripts.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
From Gertrude Thomas to Cornelia Griswold Goodrich, Jan 22, 1905
Transcription
892 Eustid Ave
Sunday Jan 22 1905
Darling Nellie
Sweetheart - forgive me for the long silence since your lovely Christmas greeting came to me. I have thought every day to write to you, but every day, some busy Sprite has prevented me. But no Sprite could keep my thoughts from you, and I have thought of you many many many times, and ever as you know most lovingly.
The picture of the crucifiction is - as always most sorrowful - but the face is beautiful and more satisfactory than most of those delineations are, for generally one feels a disappointment when looking at the pictured face of the One Most adorable whose ideal beauty blooms like a flower in our heart.
The beautiful little Booklet is a Talisman, which I shall always keep to strengthen my heart when it rebels, and forgets that God's way is always best.
The exquisite handerchief with the biolet-breath accompanying it is like a kiss from my sweet heart, I thought of that kiss, the very instant the odor came to me, and sweet thoughts of thee floated with the perfume in the air.
Sunday Jan 29th
My letter as you see dearest is divided in the middle- The first part was written a week ago.- then -that busy Sprite interferred again. Then paper and pen had to be laid aside - for the Sprite extracts obedience. In the meantime your dear letter has come, and that is a treasure to me as your letters always are. How glad I am that Helen and her husband are coming or probably have come to be with you for a while, the rest of the winter and the entire Spring I hope, tho' probably they will travel a part of the time, as the Count wishes so much to see America. This week on Thursday our Helen starts for Thomasville, Georgia, to remain until the middle of April. She is to teach a girl and boy children of charming parents, who promise Helen a very happy time. We hardly know how to let her go, but feel that it will be a benefit to her, as she has rather a weak throat, which always troubles her more or less in the winter.
Margurite you know is teaching in Miss Mittleberger's school. So our Babies are quite
grown up.
Please tell Mary dear, that Uncle Charles was the oldest of the family and the one who always said he remembered well, when his father came from his little "Den" with the newly written poem in his hand, and read it aloud to the family, of which Charles was the only one old enough to remember. It was published in the "Poughkeepsie Eagle". Uncle Charles kept the old paper as an especial treasure, and often read the poem to friends.
After his death - some years after - the paper disappeared, and cousin Jeannie Hubbard - his daughter - cannot remember the date of the paper. If any one knew that, it might settle the claim entirely.
I think Uncle Charles was born in 1794, and was probably 8 or 10 years old at the time he heard his father read the poem- Still he may have been older or younger - of course I know nothing about that.
And now dearest about your coming visit next summer. Would I be glad to see you? Well try me and find what a welcome is in store for you! Dear sweet faithful loving Nellie! The fireside Angel - and a ministering spirit to the hearts and homes of many. I can fancy how quickly those extra ducats which drop into your purse will slip out again, giving comfort and pleasure to others. And I know the pure joy it is to you, to be able to do more for thosedear ones, than you ever could do before. Jeanni sends you warmest love - and appreciates your thought of her, as much as if the card had really arrived. Your "little Church around the corner" makes a very pretty picture. I am glad you are so happy there and feel it a haven of rest. God bless you always dear one.
Ever Your loving Gertrude
I believe General Wilson is considered a fine writer - tho' in the old days, I would not have supposed it possible. The gentle looking Laddie has developed into a pretty gentleman. I saw him at West Point on one of my visits there.
Manuscript
Thomas Collection
