SOURCE URL: https://archive.org/details/yearbook15indutc
DOCUMENT: Dr. William S. Thomas, "Henry Livingston", Year Book, Dutchess County Historical Society, 1919 (vol. 4), pp. 32-46: biography (b. 13 Oct. 1748, d. 29 Feb. 1828), the 1773 "happy Christmas" letter, the 1775 journal, the 1784-89 manuscript verse book, and the first published statement of the family claim ("His own children and grandchildren have borne written testimony ...").
PROVENANCE OF THIS TEXT: OCR (djvu text) of the archive.org scan of Year Books 1-5.
VERIFICATION STATUS: [V] verified directly against a scan or OCR of the original document / period printing
RETRIEVED: 2026-09-14
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HENRY  LIVINGSTON
1748-1828
From  a  portrait  owned  by  Dr.  William  S.  Thomas
30
31
Henry  Livingston
By  Dr.   William   S.   Thomas.
Henry  Livingston  was  born  on  the  13th  of  October,  1748,  in  his
father's  home,  the  Livingston  Mansion,  on  the  bank  of  the  Hudson
River,  a  mile  south  of  what  was  then  the  village  of  Poughkeepsie.
The  Phoenix  Horseshoe  Works  now  occupy  the  spot.
Identity  of  their  names  must  not  cause  the  son  to  be  mistaken
for  the  parent,  Henry  Livingston,  born  1714,  who  came  early  from
Kingston  to  Poughkeepsie,  served  as  Clerk  of  Dutchess  County
fifty-two  years  (1737-1789)  and  as  a  member  of  the  Provincial  As-
sembly from  1759  to  1768.
Of  the  boyhood  of  Henry  Livingston,  Junior,  little  is  known.
Aside  from  the  place  and  time  of  his  birth,  the  first  being  found
recorded  of  him  is  that  in  March,  1770,  during  a  long  sojourn  :n
New  York  City  and  while  at  the  home  of  his  kinsman,  Col.  Henry
Beekman,  his  brother,  Gilbert,  wrote  a  letter  to  him  from  Pough-
keepsie.
Three  years  later  he  was  courting  Sarah,  the  pretty  daughter
of  the  Reverend  Noah  Welles,  of  Stamford,  Conn.,  when,  on  De-
cember 30th,  1773,  he  wrote  her  from  New  York:
"A  happy  Christmas  to  my  dear  Sally  Welles!
"Next  Tuesday  evening  I  hope  to  see  the  girl  for  whom  alone  I
would  well  bear  to  live.  Yes,  my  dear  creature,  next  Tuesday  eve-
ning, if  my  God  spares  my  life  I  hope  to  tell  you  I  am  so  sincerely
your  friend,  as  constantly  your  admirer,  as  religiously  your  lover  as
when  I  sat  by  your  side  and  vow'd  everlasting  affection  to  you.
"Miss  Bostwick  will  give  you  an  account  of  the  destruction  of
our  Governor's  house  in  the   Fort  last  night,   of  the   terror  of  the
inhabitants  and  the  great  loss  our  worthy  Commander  in  chief  has
received.
*  *  *
"I  wish  I  had  been  prudent  enough  to  have  procured  a  good
private  stable  for  the  horse  I  shall  ride  up  and  keep  at  Stamford
this  winter;  however,  I  must  look  about  when  I  come  there.  To-
iiiorrow  I  expect  to  send  up  my  necessarys  with  Capt.  Sellick.
"Remember  me,  my  dear  Love,  to  all  my  friends  and  relatives
at  Stamford  and  remember,  my  Love,  that  of  all  your  friends  none
loves  you  so  sincerely  as  your  HARRY  LIVINGSTON."
During  his  early  manhood  he  was  a  frequent  sojourner  in  New
York  City  and,  with  his  brother,  the  Rev.  John  H.  Livingston,  pastor
of   the   Middle   Dutch   Church   there,   belonged   to   the    Social    Club.
32
w
n"^
rt
\
P,
Xi
-|j
rH    .fcl
05    ,£3
V
>i  +-"
\
CS
>
s  E(<
u    ^
0)    3
CO
o  fe
.  X
a. 2
o
0)     c
o
^  s
««
c  o
^£
3   S   I
(O    -
be  ",)
h3  O
34
Until  the  demolition  of  the  old  house  by  the  Phoenix  Horse  Shoe
Works,  the  patched  hole  through  the  shingled  sheathing  of  its  front
was  to  be  seen — a  silent  witness  of  English  "Schrectlichkeit"  of
Revolutionary  Days.
35
■^6
Their  names  appear  in  a  list  of  its  members  who  were  dropped  by
the  ruling  Loyalist  majority  at  the  outbreak  of  the  Revolution.  Op-
posit  the  names  of  the  Livingston  brothers  appears  the  entry,  "Dis-
affected, but  of  no  political  importance."  A  Tory  social  club  was
no  place  for  Henry  Livingston,  who  was  already  on  record  as  one  of
the  Associators  of  Dutchess  County  and  in  whose  private  music
book  may  be  seen  the  title  to  the  British  national  anthem,  changed
by  his  quill  pen  as  follows:
GOD  SAVE  THE   (KING)   CONGRESS
This  manuscript  music  book  tells  something  of  its  maker.  It  io
eight  by  twelve  and  a  half  inches  in  size  and  contains  over  two
hundred  pages  of  words  and  music,  varying  from  psalm  tunes  to
jigs.  There  are  love  songs  in  plenty,  martial  tunes,  hunting  songs,
marches,  reels  and  minuets,  beside  selections  from  eighteenth  cen-
tury operas  such  as  "The  Jolly  Beggars"  and  Sheridan's  "Duenna."
The  songs  are  written  in  great  part  for  the  tenor  voice  and  other
music  of  the  violin  and  flute.  Joy  in  its  preparation  is  suggested
throughout  the  book  by  its  carefully  written  score  and  its  almost  en-
graving-like script  and  the  exuberance  of  its  pen  flourishes.
Shortly  before  the  Revolution,  the  girl  he  loved  accepted  Henr>'
Livingston,  her  father  joined  them  in  marriage  and  the  couple  set-
tled down  to  live  about  two  miles  south  of  Poughkeepsie  Court  House
at  Locust  Grove,  a  farm  of  two  hundred  and  fifty  acres,  lying  be-
tween the  post  road  and  the  river.  Their  dwelling  house  which  stood
in  the  midst  of  a  broad  lawn  dotted  with  large  locust  trees,  has  since
been  razed,  but  there  are  persons  living  today  who  remember  the
old  house  which  once  stood  on  what  is  now  the  property  of  Mrs.  Wm.
H.  Young,  south  of  the  Poughkeepsie  Rural  Cemetery.  The  ancient
79th  milestone  from  New  York,  which  may  still  be  seen,  stood  close
to  the  stone  house,  which,  with  a  smaller  wooden  wing  extending
from  its  west  end,  faced  south  toward  the  driveway  leading  in  from
the  post  road.  It  had  dormer  windows  in  its  second  floor,  with
tight  shutters  and  there  was  a  covered  porch  along  the  front  of  the
main,  or  stone,  portion.  A  large  stone  chimney  was  at  the  east  end
of  the  house  nearest  the  main  road.  Entering  the  front  door,  one
saw  a  large  square  hall  from  which  narrow  stairs  led  up  to  the  floor
above.  "We  had  in  our  antique  domicile,"  wrote  a  daughter  of
Henry  Livingston,  "a  particularly  quiet,  out-of-the-way-of-noise
little  nook,  known  as  'The  Arch.'  Hither  father  used  to  betake  him-
self, when  the  family  were  too  turbulent  for  him  to  think."  Near
to  the  house  was  a  well,  forty  feet  deep,  from  which  the  water
bucket  was  drawn  by  a  wheel  and  chain.
Henry  Livingston  was  twenty-seven  years  old  and  his  wife  twen-
37
ty-two  when  their  first  child,  Catherine,  was  born  at  Locust  Grove,
on  August  18th,  1775.  The  Revolution  was  in  progress  and  he  was
already  commissioned  major  of  the  Third  New  York  Continental
Regiment,  commandered  by  Col.  James  Clinton.  The  regiment  was
ordered  to  join  the  Canada  expedition  under  Gen.  Richard  Mont-
gomery, whose  wife  was  the  major's  great-aunt,  Janet  Livingston.
Two  thousand  Americans  under  Montgomery  invaded  Canada,,
besieged  and  conquered  the  British  fortress  of  St.  John's,  which
commanded  the  approach  to  Montreal,  and  that  city  was  entered
in  triumph  on  the  twelfth  day  of  November,  1775.  But  this  cam-
paign, which  promised  so  well,  finally  resulted  in  the  fall  of  the  gal-
lant and  beloved  Montgomery  and  in  the  failure  to  wrest  Canada
from  the  enemy.
To  participate  in  this  campaign,  Henry  Livingston  left  behind
him  his  young  wife  and  their  first  baby,  Catherine,  one  week  old.
His  part  as  a  field  officer  in  the  expedition  is  told  in  a  journal  kept
by  him  and  later  edited  by  his  kinsman,  Gaillard  Hunt,  and  pub-
lished in  the  Pennsylvania  Magazine  of  History  and  Biography  for
April,  1898.  Here  he  recounted  how,  on  August  25th,  1775,  he  set
off  in  a  sloop  with  Col.  Clinton  and  other  officers  in  company  with  ;
fleet  which  sailed  up  the  Hudson  River,  arriving  at  Albany  two  days
later.  Here  the  regiment  remained,  perfecting  its  organization  and
equipment  until  late  in  September,  when  the  march  northward  b"
gan.  Meantime  Major  Livingston  embraced  the  opportunity  to  take
side  trips,  visiting  the  Mohawk  Valley,  observing  things  from  i.
farmer's  point  of  view  and  making  notes.  Five  days  of  the  time
of  the  regiment's  halt  in  Albany  he  spent  in  a  visit  to  his  hearthside
and  its  loved  ones.
The  route  of  Montgomery's  little  army  lay  up  the  Hudson  River,
along  Lakes  George  and  Champlain  and  down  the  outlet  of  the  lat-
ter, the  Sorel  River,  together  comprising  the  natural  highway  be-
tween Canada  and  the  mouth  of  the  Hudson,  a  thoroughfare  re-
peatedly fought  over  as  the  key  to  military  supremacy  in  what  are
now  the  middle  Atlantic  states.  The  major's  description  of  his  bat-
talion's journey  down  Lake  Champlain  sounds  strangely  to  us,  who
think  of  armies  moved  in  fifty-thousand-ton  transport  ships,  troop
trains  and  roaring  motor  lorries.
"October  4. — At  4  in  the  afternoon  set  off  from  Ticonderoga  with
Col.  Clinton,  Capts.  Nicholson,  Billings  and  Johnson  and  165  men  in
14  battoes.     That  evening  reach's  Crownpoint.
"Left  that  place  next  morning  and  got  as  far  as  one  night's,
27  miles  from  Crownpoint  in  company  with  3  battoes  beside  my
own.  *  *  *  rpj^g  next  evening  my  battoes  reach'd  a  point
of  land  opposite  the  southern  part  of  Grand  Isle,  at  which  island
the  rest  of  the  boats  all  stay'd.     We  kept  on  the  point  until  10  in
38
the  evening  and  then  with  a  small  breeze  stood  down  the  lake  and
went  slowly  on  till  3  in  the  morning  when  we  touch'd  on  shore  and
rested  in  the  boat  till  daylight  and  again  stood  down  the  lake.
*  *  *=  At  evening  landed  on  the  east  side  of  the  lake  at
7  miles  distance  to  S.  of  Isle  Aux  Noix.  Pitch'd  our  tents  on  the
sand  and  early  next  morning  set  off  again  in  a  violent  rain  which
lasted    without    any    interruption    till    we    reach'd    Isle    Aux    Noix
where  we  came  about  noon.
*  "i>  *
"By  trailing  I  catch'd  a  fine  pike  2  feet  long  and  a  clever  bass
with  which  kind  of  fish  and  yellow  perch  and  sunfish,  the  Lake
abounds."
Of  Canada  and  the  Canadians  he  comments:  "A  land  of  slaves
will  ever  be  a  land  of  Poverty,  Ignorance  and  Idleness."
An  enemy  officer  prisoner,  one  Dr.  Daniel  Robertson,  surgeon's
mate  of  the  42nd  British  Regiment,  stated  in  a  letter  written  from
La  Prairie,  near  Montreal,  on  October  23,  1775,  "i  *  *  *  de-
livered myself  up  to  Major  Livingston  who  received  me  as  a  friend
and  showed  me  every  indulgence  possible  and  much  more  than  I
could  expect  from  a  stranger.  He  really  convinced  me  of  the  noble-
ness of  Liberty  by  his  most  generous  behavior."
During  the  latter  days  of  the  campaign.  Major  Livingston,  fell
ill,  and  was  obliged  to  make  a  difficult  journey  home,  delayed  by
suffering  and  prostration.     The  diary  tells  part  of  the  story :
"December  1. — This  morning  we  set  out  for  Fort  George,  3  ox
teams  carrying  our  baggage.  On  one  of  them  I  rode.  Four  miles
on  the  north  of  Fort  Edward  I  b't-  a  horse,  being  too  sick  to  ride  in
a  cart.
"December  2. — I  was  very  ill  when  I  set  out  from  Smith's  and
riding  on  a  bearskin,  without  any  stirrups  thro  a  small  snow,  too,
did  not  continue  to  alleviate  my  distemper.  I  got  as  far  as  Sara-
toga and  lodg'd  at  the  General's,  Mrs.  Schuyler  and  her  daughter
being  there."
The  journal  tells  of  places  and  people  strange  to  him,  of  pow-
wows with  delegations  of  friendly  Indians,  of  his  baptism  by  enemy
fire,  of  the  fighting  about  St.  John's  and  of  its  surrender,  and  of  his
month-long  homeward  journey.  The  last  entry  in  the  journal  is
dated  December  22,  1775:
"A  little  after  noon  I  arrived  in  safety  at  my  house.  The  God
of  all  mercy  be  adored  for  his  goodness  to  an  unworthy  sinner."
Three  years  afterward  a  Christmas  gift  came  to  the  Major's
family  in  the  form  of  a  first-born  son  to  whom  was  given  the  name
of  Henry  Welles.  He  died  of  a  burn  when  but  a  year  old.  In  ac-
cordance with  a  custom  of  the  time,  the  same  name  was  given  to
the  next  son  who  was  born  a  year  and  a  half  after  his  brother.
39
The  Major's  military  career  terminated,  it  seems,  at  the  time
of  his  illness  but  he  served  later  in  the  war  as  one  of  the  conimision-
ers  of  Sequestration  of  Dutchess  County.  They  took  over  the  prop-
erty of  Tories,  sold  it  and  turned  the  proceeds  into  the  State.  They
transported  the  families  of  disaffected  persons  and  gave  leases  of
their  houses  and  farms  to  others  vv^ho  were  loyal  to  the  cause  of  the
Revolution.  In  the  New  York  Packet,  published  weekly  in  Fishkill
by  Samuel  Loudon,  appears  the  following  advertisement,  18th  Jan-
uary, 1781:
To   be    Sold   at   Public    Vendue  The    Mill   and
Stones,  iron  work  and  other  materials  belonging  to  the
grist,  fulling  and  saw  mills  at  the  Continental  Village,
late  the  property  of  Beverly  Robinson.     The  vendue  to
be  held  on  Monday  the  29th  inst.  at  the  premises,  by
Jonathan  Lawrence  Commisioners
Henry  Livingston,  jun.  of
Theo.  Van  Wyck  Sequestration
Mrs.  Livingston  died  on  September  1st,  1783.  The  Rev.  Timothy
Dwight,  chaplain  to  the  Connecticut  Continental  troops  and  later
President  of  Yale  College,  preached  the  funeral  sermon.  He  was  a
connection  and  friend  of  the  Major's  family.
That  Henry  Livingston  was  a  writer  of  verses  is  witnessed  in
a  manuscript  book  in  his  handwriting.  It  contains  forty-four  met-
rical compositions,  religious,  elegiac,  satirical,  descriptive,  domes-
tic and  social.  One  piece  is  marked  "versified  1776",  but  all  other
dates  entered  are  included  between  the  years  1784  and  1789.
"A  New  Year's  Address  of  Richard  and  George,  two  boys  of
the  Printer,  N  (icholas).  Power,  1787",  is  a  rhyming  appeal  print-
ed by  their  employer  and  handed  out  by  the  newsboys.
"Before  the  friends  of  Mr.  Power
In   this  good-natured  happy  hour.
Respectfully  we  both  appear
And  wish  you  all  a  happy  year."
After  a  discourse  upon  the  readiness  of  the  Journal  to  capture
all  the   news  and   set  it  before   its   readers,   the   boys   are   made
confess:
"And  now  the  end  of  all  this  clatter
Is  but  a  small  and  trifling  matter;
A  puny  sixpence  or  a  shilling
From  willing  souls  to  souls  as  willing."
Among  several  rhyming  "rebuses"  in  the  book  is  one  which  con-
ceals in  its  description  of  her,  the  name  of  a  belle,  well  known  in  her
40
day    and    long    afterward    among    Poughkeepsie    people,    as    Nancy
Crooke.
A  glimpse  into  Major  Livingston's  home  life  at  Locust  Grove
and  an  idea  of  social  doings  there  are  presented  in  his
"Letter  to  my  Brother  Beekman,  Who  Then  Liv'd  with  Mr.  Schenck
At  New  Lebanon,  1786.
To  my  dear  brother  Beekman  I  sit  down  to  write;
Ten  minutes  past  eight  and  a  very  cold  night;
Not  far  from  me  sits,  with  her  baullancy  cap  on
Our  very  good  cousin,  Elizabeth  Tappen.
A  tighter  young  sempstress  you'd  ne'er  wish  to  see
And  she  (blessings  on  her)  is  sewing  for  me.
New  shirts  and  new  cravats  this  morning  cut  out
Are  tumbled  in  heaps  and  lye  huddled  about.
My  wardrobe  (a  wonder)  will  soon  be  enrich'd
With  ruffles  new  hemm'd  and  wristbands  new  stitch'd.
:<:  i|c  >|a  4:
Now  for  news,  my  sweet  fellow,  first  learn  with  a  sigh
That  matters  are  carried  here  gloriously  high.
Such  gadding,  such  ambling,  such  jaunting  about —
To  tea  with  Miss  Nancy — to  sweet  Willy's  rout;
Now  parties  at  coffee, — then  parties  at  wine,
Next  day  all  the  world  with  the  Major  must  dine.
Bounce,  all  hands  to  Fishkill  must  go  in  a  clutter
To  guzzle  bohea  and  destroy  bread  and  butter."
A  love  of  out-door  nature  is  often  shown  in  his  verses.  In  "An
Invitation  to  the  Country,"  he  writes,
What  is  all  the  gay  town  can  bestow;
What  all  its  inhabitants  share
But  trifles  and  glitter  and  show,
That  cloy  and  displease  as  they  glare.
By  the  side  of  a  murmuring  stream
Where  willows  the  margin  imbrown;
We'll  wander,  unheeded,  unseen,
Nor  envy  the  taste  of  the  town.
Among  other  titles  found  in  his  fragmentary  collection  of  Henry
Livingston's  verses  are  the  following:  "To  my  Niece,  Sally  Living-
ston, on  the  Death  of  a  Little  Serenading  Wren  she  Admired";  "The
Vine  and  Oak,  a  Fable";  "Careless  Philosopher's  Soliloquy";  "To
a  Gentleman,  On  his  Leaving  Pakepsy";  "Apostrophe  of  Rispah,  the
concubme  of  Saul,  when  David  slew  her  Sons  for  Saul's  Crimes".
Henry  Livingston's  authorship  of  the  verses  in  the  book  cited  is
shown  by  their  internal  evidence  and  by  their  chronology.     Some  of
41
them  are  addressed  to  members  of  his  family,  as  quoted  above,
while  those  which  were  published  appeared  in  print  subsequently  to
the  dates  given  to  them  in  the  manuscript  condition.
He  was  wont  to  make  pictures  for  the  amusement  of  his  children.
Some  of  the  drawings  appeared  as  frontispieces  in  the  monthly  issues
of  the  New  York  Magazine  and  Literary  Repository  between  the  years
1791  and  1794.  Each  of  these  illustrations  was  accompanied  by  his
own  short  descriptive  article.  The  identity  of  the  artist  and  writer
is  disclosed  by  Henry  Livingston's  initials  or  name  subjoined  to  the
illustrations  and  by  editorial  notes  referring  to  pictures  and  stories,
at  times  mentioning  the  frequently  used  initial  "R".
An  allegorical  story  used  by  him  entitled  "The  Happy  Vale"  ap-
peared in  the  January,  1792,  number  of  the  New  York  Magazine  and
was  illustrated  by  one  of  his  essays  at  picture  making.  The
story  tells  the  adventures  of  "an  English  gentleman  of  the  name  of
Millbray,  who  was  Midshipman  on  board  the  Cato,  of  71  guns,  com-
manded by  Admiral  Hyde  Parker,  and  which  was  wrecked  in  1771
on  the  coast  of  Ave."  He  discovered  in  his  travels  a  Utopian  re-
gion, the  manners  and  customs  of  whose  inhabitants  were  just  as
one  would  wish  to  have  among  his  own  countrymen.
After  remaining  a  widower  for  ten  years,  on  the  first  day  of  Sep-
tember, 1793,  Henry  Livingston  married  Jane  McLean  Paterson,  the
second  daughter  of  Matthew  Paterson,  Esq.,  of  the  town  of  Pater-
son in  Dutchess  (now  Putnam)  County.  At  the  time  of  this  second
marriage,  two  children  of  the  four  born  by  his  first  wife  were  still
living.  These  were  Catherine,  now  eighteen  and  Henry  Welles,  fifteen
years  of  age.     They  continued  to  live  for  some  time  at  Locust  Grove.
While  there  is  ground  for  assurance  that  the  farm  did  not  lack
his  attention  between  the  years  1793  and  1820,  or  at  any  other  time,
yet  during  this  particular  period,  he  gave  not  a  little  time  and  atten-
tion to  surveying  and  map  making.  In  the  state  archives  at  Albany
are  eight  official  manuscript  maps  made  by  Henry  Livingston  of  sec-
tions of  land  along  the  Hudson  River.  Besides  maps  of  land  under
water,  there  are  maps  of  the  townships  of  Poughkeepsie,  Beekman
and  Fishkill  and  another  of  what  was  then  the  newly  separated  county
of  Putnam.  There  is  in  the  Dutchess  County  Clerk's  Office  an  orig-
inal large  scale  map  made  by  him  of  the  village  of  Poughkeepsie  at
the  time  of  its  incorporation  in  1799,  showing  the  names  and  location
of  the  residences  of  individual  householders.
During  his  later  years  Henry  Livingston  was  no  longer  spoken  of
as  "Major",  but  came  to  be  known  as  "Judge".  The  title  appears
to  have  been  attached  to  his  positions  as  Justice  of  the  Peace  and  as
principal  assessor  of  taxes  for  the  federal  district  which  included
Poughkeepsie  and  other  townships.       A  notice  signed  by  him  appears
42
in  the  Poughkeepsie  Journal  of  ]\Iarch  5,  1799  which  reads  in  part
as  follows:
"The  valuations  of  lands  and  dwelling  houses  and  the  enumeration
of  slaves may  be  seen  and  examined  at  my
dwelling  house on  the  7th  day  of  March  next  and
during  15  days  thereafter  appeals  will  be
received  and  determined  by  the  subscriber
relative  to  any  erroneous  or  excessive  valuations  or  enumerations
made  by  the  assessors.  All  persons  who  suppose  themselves  ag-
grieved are  desired  to  enter  their  appeals  within  ten  days  from  the
aforesaid  date.
Henry  Livingston.
Principal  Assessor  of  2nd  District."
By  the  death  of  his  father  on  the  10th  of  February,  1799,  Henry
Livingston's  name  lost  its  appendage  of  "Junior",  which  it  had  borne
for  half  a  century.  His  father's  will  provided  for  an  equal  distri-
bution of  the  estate  among  his  children  and  their  heirs  with  the
one  exception  of  Henry,  who  received  his  birthright  in  property  28
years  before  in  the  parent's  deed  of  gift  of  Locust  Grove  with  its
250  acre  farm.
Henry  Livingston's  name  is  seen  occasionally  in  the  Poughkeep-
sie newspapers  shortly  before  and  for  some  time  after  1800,  as  a
signer,  with  other  citizens,  of  appeals  to  electors  to  vote  for  Fed-
eralist candidates  for  public  office,  particularly  when  John  Jay  stood
for  re-election  as  Governor  and  when  David  Brooks  ran  for  State
Senator.
The  newspapers  of  this  period  also  contain  references  to  Henry
Livingston  as  a  commissioner  in  bankruptcy.
His  second  marriage,  that  with  Miss  Paterson,  had  as  issue  eight
children.  A  peep  at  the  Locust  Grove  folks  in  1802  is  to  be  had  by
perusal  of  a  letter  from  its  master  who  wrote  from  the  Highlands
of  the  Hudson  while  on  a  surveying  trip  there.  This  letter  was  ad-
dressed to  his  son  by  the  first  marriage,  Henry  Welles  Livingston,
then  studying  law  in  Poughkeepsie  and  a  frequent  visitor  at  his
step-mother's  house.
"When  you  see  dear  mamma,  bow  down  to  the  very  floor  and  kiss
your  left  hand  and  press  it  to  your  bosom  for  me,  and  squeeze  and
kiss  Jane  and  Edwin  heartily  for  ditto.  Shake  Sid's  and  Charley's
fists.     You  have  my  best  affection  my  sweet  boy."
In  1809  Henry  Livingston  gave  a  sixty-six-foot-wide  strip  of
land,  extending  the  whole  length  of  his  farm,  to  be  used  as  part  of
the  new  turnpike,  now  called  the  South  Road.     By  this  change  the
43
old  post  road  was  shifted  twenty  rods  to  the  east,  thus  giving  the
house  a  more  secluded  position.
In  the  spring  of  1817  Henry  Livingston  surveyed  the  land  for
the  plant  of  the  West  Point  Foundry,  at  Cold  Spring,  headed  by
Gouverneur  Kemble.  The  works  here  became  famous  for  their  man-
ufacture of  the  Parrott  gun,  a  type  of  cannon  used  by  the  Union
Army  during  the  Civil  War,  and  they  remained  in  operation  until
1894.
A  glimpse  into  the  intimate  family  life  of  Locust  Grove  ap-
pears in  a  rhyming  letter  dated  June  11,  1821,  from  Henry  Living-
ston's twenty-two  year  old  son,  Edwin  George,  sent  to  his  elder
brother,  Dr.  Charles  Paterson  Livingston,  then  practicing  medicine
in  Kaskaskia,  111.  After  assuring  the  absent  one  that  true  fellowship
continued  to  exist  at  home,  he  writes  that
"With  seeing  our  friends  and  returning  their  calls.
No  care  intervenes  or  trouble  enthralls."
He  tells  of  a  party  at  which
"Our  sisters,  myself,  with  about  thirty  more
Made  as  social  a  group  as  e'er  crowded  a  floor,
We  parted  at  twelve  and  soundly  at  one,
Slept  I  in  the  famous  old  mansion  of  stone;
The  visions  of  gaiety  cheering  till  morn,
When  the  magic  is  broke  by  the  loud  breakfast  horn."
"Jane,  Helen  and  pa  tomorrow  set  sail.
And  anxiously  wait  the  glad  summons  to  hail
That  calls  all  on  board  and  off  for  New  York;
The  tight  "Sally  Frances"  plies  shrewdly  to  work.
A  fortnight  at  least  they'll  stay  in  the  city."
"Pa  returns  in  a  week,  for  naught  at  his  age
Amuses — the  fashions  and  gay  equipage;
Far  dearer  to  him  is  the  still  country  shade
Than  the  bustle  of  cities,  their  pomp  and  parade."
In  this  letter  Edwin  speaks  of  "Cousin  Harry"  and  here  again
the  reader  is  cautioned  not  to  mistake  Henry  Livingston  for  a  kins-
man of  similar  name.  The  cousin  Harry  referred  to  was  Henr\'
Alexander  Livingston,  or  Col.  Harry  Livingston,  as  he  is  remem
bered  by  some  Poughkeepsie  people  living  today.  Colonel  Harry
was  the  son  of  Henry  Livingston's  brother,  the  Reverend  John  H
Livingston  and  both  of  them  resided  at  the  Livingston  mansion  on
the  river  bank,  but  never  at  Locust  Grove.  Colonel  Harry  repre-
sented  Dutchess   County  in  the   State   Legislature  as  Assemblyman
44
and  as  Senator.  As  his  uncle  Henry  Livingston  declined  in  years
and  strength,  Colonel  Harry  became  a  prominent  citizen  of  the  town
and  of  the  State,  so  that  to  the  older  generation  of  inhabitants  of
Poughkeepsie  today,  the  uncle  is  lost  in  the  mists  of  the  past  and
the  name  of  "Henry  Livingston"  suggests  to  them  only  the  person-
ality of  the  nephew,  who  survived  the  older  man  by  nearly  twenty
years.
Henry  Livingston  of  Locust  (Jrove  died  on  February  29th,  1828,
in  his  eightieth  year.  In  the  family  record  it  is  noted  that  "His
mind  was  serene  and  tranquil  throughout,  and  death  seemed  dis-
armed of  its  terrors  in  the  dissolution  of  our  father  Thus,  after  a
pious,  useful  and  happy  life,  we  may  truly  say,  he  fell  asleep  in
Jesus."  He  lived  and  died  a  member  of  the  Dutch  Reformed  Church.
His  bones  lie  beside  those  of  many  others  of  his  family  in  the  Liv-
ingston burying  ground,  now  a  part  of  the  Poughkeepsie  Rural
Cemetery.
This  happy-hearted  man  had  a  vivacious  spirit,  wont  to  express
itself  in  music,  verse  and  story.  The  descendants  of  this  same
dweller  in  Dutch  Hudson  River  surroundings  are  unanimous  in  their
belief  in  a  family  tradition  taught  them  from  infancy,  that  he  was
the  author  of  the  verses  beginning  with  the  lines:
"  'Twas  the  night  before  Christmas,  when  all  through  the
house,
Not  a  creature  was  stirring,  not  even  a  mouse."
His  own  children  and  grandchildren  have  borne  written  testimony
to  their  belief  that  he  wrote  *the  poem.  The  circumstances  of  its
production,  its  first  reading  to  the  family  by  him,  as  he  brought  it
forth  from  "the  arch"  years  before  its  anonymous  publication  in
the  Troy  Sentinel  in  1823,  the  loss  of  the  manuscript  by  fire — all
these  details  are  matters  of  common  talk  among  his  posterity.  A
critical  comparison  of  the  "Visit  From  St.  Nicholas"  with  the  ack-
nowledged verses  of  Henry  Livingston  adds  internal  evidence  sup-
porting the  correctness  of  the  family  tradition.  The  story  of  Living-
ston's authorship  of  the  poem  and  of  the  events  which  caused  it  to
be  credited  to  another  is  too  long  to  allow  of  its  presentation  here.
Some  of  its  salient  points  are  touched  upon  in  an  article  by  Mr.
Winthrop  P.  Tryon,  published  in  the  Christian  Science  Monitor  for
August  4,  1920.
The  matter  is  referred  to  here  in  the  hope  that  its  publication
may  elicit  new  evidence.
