title: The Backwoodsman, Book I (part 1 of 3)
author: James Kirke Paulding
date: 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/backwoodsmanpoem00paul (The Backwoodsman: A Poem, Philadelphia: M. Thomas, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 146
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; narrative in heroic couplets

MY humble theme is of a hardy swain,
The lowliest of the lowly rural train,
Who left his native fields afar to roam,
In western wilds, in search of happier home.
Simple the tale I venture to rehearse,
For humble is the Muse, and weak her verse;
She hazards not, to sing in lofty lays,
Of steel-clad knights, renown'd in other days,
For glorious feats that, in this dastard time,
Would on the gallows make them swing sublime;
Or tell of stately dames of royal birth,
That scorn'd communion with dull things of earth,
With fairies leagu'd, and d warfs of goblin race,
Of uncouth limbs, and most unseemly face,

Tremendous wights! that erst in nursery -keep
Were used to scare the froward babe to sleep.
Neglected Muse! of this our western clime,
How long in servile, imitative rhyme,
Wilt thou thy stifled energies impart,
And miss the path that leads to every heart?
How long repress the brave decisive flight,
Warm'd by thy native fires, led by thy native light?
Thrice happy he who first shall strike the lyre,
With homebred feeling, and with homebred fire;
He need not envy any favoured bard,
Who Fame's bright meed, and Fortune's smiles reward;
Secure, that wheresoe'er this empire rolls,
Or east, or west, or tow'rd the firm fixed poles,
While Europe's ancient honours fade away,
And sink the glories of her better day,
When, like degenerate Greece, her former fame
Shall stand contrasted with her present shame,
And all the splendours of her bright career
Shall die away, to be relighted here,
A race of myriads will the tale rehearse,
And love the author of the happy verse.
Come then, neglected Muse! and try with me
The untrack'd path — 'tis death or victory;
Let Chance or Fate decide, or critics will,
No fame I lose— I am but nothing still.
From Hudson — oft, and well remember'd name!
Led by the star of Hope, our hero came;
Here was he born, and here perchance had died,
But Fate ordain'd he other scenes should bide;
For Basil, like true Yankee lad, a wife
Took to himself ere settled half in life,
And soon began, in sober truth to prove,
The cares that often break the heart of love.
For, well-a-day! the offspring's sweetest smile,
And wife's caress, may fail to sweeten toil;
Nor can the gentlest nature always stem
The thought, that all these cares are brav'd for them.
Each morn we saw him, ere the rising sun,
And saw him, when his golden course was run,
Toiling, through all the livelong tedious day,
To chase the scarecrow Poverty away;
And when the sacred day of rest came round,
Nor rest, nor village church by him was found;

Along ti;e river's bank still forc'd to roam,
To catch a meal for wife and babes at home.
Thus all his days in one long toil were past,
And each new day seem'd heavier than the last,
While the keen thought that his hard sinewy hand
Was blister'd, labouring on another's land;
That the rich products which he toil'd to rear,
To others' boards gave plenty through the year,
While he and his, at home, but half supplied,
Shar'd all the ills that poverty betide,
To many an hour of bitterness gave birth,
And smote his mounting spirit to the earth.
0! Independence! man's bright mental sun,
With blood and tears by our brave country won,
Parent of all, high mettled man adorns,
The nerve of steel, the soul that meanness scorns,
The mounting wind that spurns the tyrant's sway,
The eagle eye that mocks the God of day,
Turns on the lordly upstart scorn for scorn,
And drops its lid to none of woman born!
With blood, and tears, and hardships thou wert bought,
Yet rich the blessings thy bright sway has wrought;
Hence comes it that a gallant spirit reigns
Unknown among old Europe's hapless swains,
Who slaves to some proud lord, himself a slave,
From sire to son from cradle to the grave,
From race to race, more dull and servile grow,
Until at last thej nothing feel or know.
Hence comes it, that our meanest farmer's boy
Aspires to taste the proud and manly joy
That springs from holding in his own dear right
The land he plows, the home he seeks at night;
And hence it comes, he leaves his friends and home,
Mid distant wilds and dangers drear to roam,
To seek a competence, or find a grave,
Rather than live a hireling or a slave.
As the bright waving harvest field he sees,
Like sunny ocean rippling in the breeze,
And hears the lowing herd, the lambkins' bleat,
Fall on his ear in mingled concert sweet,
His heart sits lightly on its rustic throne,
The fields, the herds, the flocks are all his own.
But Basil tasted not this sober bliss,
A diff'rent and a sterner lot was his;

Years pass'd away, and every year that past
Brought cares and toils still heavier than the last;
For still, each passing year, his fruitful wife
Brought a new burthen struggling into life,
Till, sooth to say, his house became too small,
Within its narrow walls to hold them all,
And all the struggles of our hardy swain
Could scarcely keep from want the lusty train.
At last, one winter came,— relentless time!—
Fear'd by the wretched in this pinching clime,
Where driving sleets and piercing whistling wind
Through every cranny a rude entrance find,
Chilling the cottage hearth, whose stinted blaze
Half warms the urchin that around it plays.
The trying season came, and, sad to tell,
Rheumatic agonies on Basil fell,
And with a rude, unsparing, withering hand
Cast him a wreck on Life's hard frozen strand.
No more his vigorous arm can strike the blow
That lays the monarch of the woodland low;
No more, alas! no more his daily toils
Feed his poor babes, and wake their grateful smiles
For when the poor man sickens, all is gone,
Health, food, and all his comforts — every one;
The hand that fed the little whitehair'd race,
Lies motionless, in one sad resting place,
And keen varieties of wo combined
Prey on his flesh, and lacerate his mind.
But when the rich one suffers — happy wealth!
He feels no want, but the one want of health;
And all those precious comforts that impart
Such soothings to the sad and sinking heart,
Still in his cup with plenteous current flow
And half create oblivion of his wo;
No anxious cares molest his weakened mind
For starving wife and children left behind,
Who, when the sire that fed them shall be dead,
W7ill pine in anguish for their daily bread,
And meet no succour, save from that good Hand
W hich fed the prophet in a desert land.
Were I to tell what Basil suffered now,
What agonizing drops rolPd down his brow,
As sad he lay upon his stinted bed,
Fearing to die, yet wishing he were dead;
