title: The Backwoodsman, Book I (part 3 of 3)
author: James Kirke Paulding
date: 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/backwoodsmanpoem00paul (The Backwoodsman: A Poem, Philadelphia: M. Thomas, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 82
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; narrative in heroic couplets

Brac'd every nerve to meet the parting day,
When they to distant lands should speed away,
And, like right trusty dame, resolv'd to share
The good man's lot, how hard soe'er it were.
Soon all was ready, for but little they
To such far distant wilds could move away,
A nd if they could, their store of goods was small,
And little time it took to pack them all:
A little cover'd cart held all their store,
And, sooth to say, it might have held much more:
A sturdy nag, right rugged, rough, and strong,
Fitted to drag such equipage along,
" Stood ready dight," as minstrel poets say,
To speed the little bevy on their way: —
Such was their outfit in this journey lone,
To distant wilds, and haunts to man unknown.
Now all was ready — but ere starting day
To village church poor Basil bent his way,
To ask of Him whose goodness ne'er denies
The prayers from honest poverty that rise,
Whose help is ever ready for the man
That helps himself, when help himself he can-
To ask for steady firmness to pursue
The honest purpose which he had in view;
That health would hover round his lonely way,
And God protect him through each passing day.
He begg'd no more — and all was freely given
By the sweet bounty of approving Heav'n.
And now the simple morning service o'er,
The neighbours throng'd round Basil at the door;
For they had heard his vent'rous project told —
Some thought him mad, some desperately bold; —
For 'twas not then as now — and such a plan,
Like a strange wonder, through the country ran,
And people star'd that he should leave his home,
Among the western wilds afar to roam.
The pastor bless'd him sadly as he past,
The young ones look'd as though they'd look their last,
While aged grandsires many a story told,
That made the breathless list'ners' blood run cold;
Of troops of howling wolves aye prowling round,
Of shaggy bears that every where abound,

And bloody Indian, whose infernal yell,
Of torture, death, and scalping tells full well;.
Who hated blood of white-man never spares,
Women, nor babes, nor reverend snow white hairs.
They conjur'd up each story that they knew,
And car'd not, so 'twas strange, if it were true* —
Of woodmen shot outright, in open day,
By prowling Indian watching for his prey;
Of sleeping wife and babes, rous'd by the yell
Of him whose voice is Death's shrill howling knell,
Consumed in midnight flames, as lone they lay,
The father and protector far away.
Chill horror curdled every listener's blood,
And stiff on end the urchins' light hair stood,
But Basil still his manly heart sustain'd,
And to his daring purpose firm remain'd;
Hope was his guide, and led by that bright lure,
Man can the keenest rubs of life endure.
He was no haughty lordling's humble slave,
Stript of the mantle that his Maker gave;
No dull unletter'd hireling, whose starv'd mind
Just leaves, and hardly leaves, the beast behind;

Who chains and strjpes with equal calmness bears,
And, so he eats enough, for neither cares;
Fit tenant for some little lord, who serves
Some little king, and, what he gives, deserves.
No! though the poorest of a poor man's race,
Our Basil was not born to such disgrace;
He felt that he was free, and that one word,
In his proud heart, a noble spirit stirr'd,
Whose gallant thrilling through his pulses ran,
And made him feel, and know himself a man.
He shook their outstretched hands, and bade them pray
That Heaven would speed him on his lonely way;
Then sought the aged tree, beneath whose shade
His sire, and mother, side by side were laid,
Leant o'er the simple mounds that mark'd the spot,
By all, save him, full many a year forgot,
And pray'd to live a life of honest fame,
And leave behind, like them, a spotless name.
