title: The Backwoodsman, Book II (part 1 of 5)
author: James Kirke Paulding
date: 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/backwoodsmanpoem00paul (The Backwoodsman: A Poem, Philadelphia: M. Thomas, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 146
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; narrative in heroic couplets

Luck speed the wanderers! for at morning dawn
The lowly pilgrims from their home were gone,
The house was lifeless, not a breathing wight
Abided there at earliest peep of light,
Clos'd were the windows, barr'd the rustic door,
The fire was quench'd, to lighten never more.
The wife and little ones together rode,
While Basil walk'd, for heavy was the load,
And meet it was to spare the nag the while,
Whose pilgrimage was many a weary mile.
The mother's heart was like to die away,
As looking on the nestling one that lay
Sleeping, in smiles, fast in her circling arms,
And budding forth in all its infant charms;

The brisk boys laugh'd to think they'd have a ride,
Nor reck'd whatever else might hap beside;
While on the father's brow sat anxious care,
And brave resolve his fated lot to bear,
Whether mishap betide, or bright success,
With full fruition his high purpose bless.
Dark was the early dawn, dun vapours chill,
Cover'd the earth, and hid the distant hill,
A veil of mist obscur'd the struggling day,
That seemed to grope its slow uncertain way;
, No insect chirp'd, or wakeful twitt'ring bird,
Within the copse, or briery dingle stirr'd.
Anon, far in the East light streaks of red
O'er the gray mists a tint of morning shed,
Brighter and still more bright their hues unfold,
Till all the sky was fring'd with burnish'd gold;
Up rose the gallant Sun! the mists away
Vanished, like spectres, at the dawn of day;
No silence now was in the waken'd groves,
For every bird began to chant his loves,
And all the liveried rabble insect crew,
That crawPd upon the jewelPd earth, or flew,
M uster'd their merry notes and frisk'd away,
In many coloured vestments — who but they!
'Twas sweet the morning minstrelsy to hear,
And Basil felt it to his heart most dear,
Although it was no bright unsullied joy,
But deeply tinctur'd with a sad alloy;
For, as with painful effort, faint and slow,
He gain'd the height that look'd o'er all below,
And stopt to rest, and tum'd to gaze behind,
A thousand tender thoughts throng'd on his mind.
Home look'd so happy in the Morning's smile,
He quite forgot his suff'rings there erewhile,
And but for honest shame, that makes us fear
The pointed finger, and the taunting sneer,
That never fail to greet the wav'ring man
Who weakly swerves from any settled plan,
He had return'd, though certain there again
To meet his old associates, Want and Pain.
Ah! there is something in the name of home,
That sounds so sweetly as afar we roam!
And who has worried through this world so lone,
But in his wand'rings this sad truth has known,

Whatever may happen, wheresoe'er we roam,
However homely, still there's nought like home.
In truth it was a landscape wildly gay
That 'neath his lofty vision smiling lay;
A sea of mingling hills, with forests crown'd,
E'en to their summits, waving all around,
Save where some rocky steep aloft was seen,
Frowning amid the wild romantic scene,
Around whose brow, where human step ne'er trode,
Our native Eagle makes his high abode;
Oft in the warring of the whistling gales,
Amid the scampering clouds, he bravely sails,
Without an effort winds the loftiest sky,
And looks into the Sun with steady eye:
Emblem and patron of this fearless land,
He mocks the might of any mortal hand,
And, proudly seated on his native rock,
Defies the World's accumulated shock.
Here, mid the piling mountains scatter'd round,
His winding way majestic Hudson found,
And as he swept the frowning ridge's base,
In the pure mirror of his morning face,
A lovelier landscape caught the gazer's view,
Softer than nature, yet to nature true.
Now might be seen, reposing in stern pride,
Against the mountain's steep and rugged side,
High Putnam's battlements, like tow'r of old,
Haunt of night-robbing baron, stout and bold,
Scourge of his neighbour, Nimrod of the chase,
Slave of his king, and tyrant of his race.
Beneath its frowning brow, and far below,
The weltering waves, unheard, were seen to flow
Round West Point's rude and adamantine base,
That call'd to mind old Arnold's deep disgrace,
Andre's hard fate, lamented, though deserv'd,
And men, who from their duty never swervM —
The honest three — the pride of yeomen bold,
Who savM the country which they might have sold;
Refus'd the proffer'd bribe, and, sternly true,
Did what the man that doubts them ne'er would do.
Yes! if the Scroll of neVer-dying Fame,
Shall tell the truth, 'twill bear each lowly name;
And while the wretched man,1 who vainly tried
To wound their honour, and his Country's pride,

Shall moulder in the dirt from whence he came,
Forgot, or only recollected to his shame,
Quoted shall be these gallant, honest men,
By many a warrior's voice, and poet's pen,
To wake the sleeping spirit of the land,
And nerve with energy the patriot band.
Beyond, on either side the river's bound,
Two lofty promontories darkly frown'd,
Through which, in times long past, as learned say,
The pent up waters forc'd their stubborn way;
Grimly they frown'd, as menacing the wave
That storm'd their bulwarks with its current brave,
And seem'd to threaten from their shatter'd brow,
To crush the vessels all becalmM below,
Whose white sails, hanging idly at the mast,
O'er the still waves a deep reflexion cast.
Still farther off, the Kaatskill, bold and high,
Kiss'd the pure concave of the arched sky,
Mingled with that its waving lines of blue,
And shut the world beyond from mortal view.
Poor Basil gaz'd with dim and sorrowing eyes,
And seem'd again the morning mists to rise,
While every object that in happier hour
Had often charm'd him with its wak'ning power,
Shot but a keener pang through his sad heart.
And made him more unwilling to depart.
So, to the dying man, the fairest scene
But marks his fate with agonies more keen;
The Sun's bright rays, the Morning's mellow smile,
Potent to sooth his hours of health erewhile;
The willow tufted stream, that shuns the day,
Yet by soft murmurs does its haunt betray;
The warblers of the woodland, sweet and wild,
That oft, in better days, his steps beguil'd;
The forms he loves that round him weeping stand,
Grasping with fond solicitude his hand,
As if with tender violence to stay
The tiptoe spirit on its airy way;—
All, all combin'd, but give the fatal dart
A deadlier venom, and a keener smart;
Dearer each friend, each object than before,
Just as we leave them, ne'er to see 'em more:
'Tis this which makes the bitterness of death,
Which else were nothing, but the loss of breath.
