title: The Backwoodsman, Book II (part 2 of 5)
author: James Kirke Paulding
date: 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/backwoodsmanpoem00paul (The Backwoodsman: A Poem, Philadelphia: M. Thomas, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 132
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; narrative in heroic couplets

Now speed we on our way, nor stay to tell
What little rubs, or small mishaps befel,
As all through Jersey's pleasant land they wend,
And many a valley cross, and hill ascend;
What smiling scenes they saw, and what did not —
Scenes that, by me, will never be forgot!
Or where they stopt to rest, or sleep at night,
Who took their money, who refus'd outright:
Suffice, they reach'd one eve of Sabbath day,
Where Delaware pursues his winding way
Parting the sister states, that side by side
Smile on each other in the limpid tide.
'Twas just where rambling Lehigh — pleasant stream!
Fit haunt for bard to wander and to dream —
Ev'n like a gentle, all confiding maid,
By true Affection's fondest impulse sway'd,
Glides into Delaware's encircling arms,
And silently surrenders all her charms,
Gives up her very being evermore,
And that sweet virgin name of old she bore.
'Twas sunset's hallow'd time— and such an eve
Might almost tempt an angel Heaven to leave.

Never did brighter glories greet the eye,
Low in the warm, and ruddy Western sky,
Nor the light clouds at Summer eve unfold
More varied tints of purple, red, and gold.
Some in the pure, translucent, liquid breast
Of crystal lake, fast anchored seem'd to rest,
Like golden islets scattered far and wide,
By elfin skill in Fancy's fabled tide,
Where, as wild Eastern legends idly feign,
Fairy, or genii, hold despotic reign.
Others, like.vessels, gilt with burnish'd gold,
Their flitting airy way are seen to hold,
All gallantly equipt with streamers gay,
While hands unseen, or Chance, directs their way;
Around, athwart, the pure ethereal tide,
With swelling purple sail, they rapid glide,
Gay as the barque, where Egypt's wanton queen
Reclining on the shaded deck was seen,
At which as gaz'd the uxorious Roman fool,
The subject world slipt from his dotard rule.
Anon, the gorgeous scene bftgins to fade,
And deeper hues the ruddy skies invade;

The haze of gathering twilight Nature shrouds,
And pale, and paler, wax the changeful clouds.
Then sunk the breeze into a breathless calm,
The silent dews of evening dropt like balm;
The hungry nighthawk from his lone haunt hies,
To chase the viewless insect through the skies;
The bat began his lantern loving flight,
The lonely whip-poor-will, our bird of night, *
Ever unseen, yet ever seeming near,
His shrill note quaver'd in the startled ear;
The buzzing beetle forth.did gayly hie,
With idle hum, and careless blundering eye;
The little trusty watchman of pale night,
The firefly, trimm'd anew his lamp so bright,
And took his merry airy circuit round
The sparkling meadow's green and fragrant bound,
Where blossom'd clover, bath'd in balmy dew,
In fair luxuriance, sweetly blushing grew.
0! holy Nature! goddess ever dear,
What a fair scene for human bliss was here!
What pleasant rural sports, what calm delights,
Dear happy Summer days, and Winter nights,
Might in such tranquil nestling place be spent,
Lull'd in the downy lap of sweet Content!
But vain it is, that rich and bounteous Heav'n,
To wretched man this smiling Earth has giv'n,
And all in vain its winning face displays
Such beauties to allure his reckless gaze,
While this same rash, malignant, reasoning worm,
Bereft of all that's human but the form,
Pollutes ker bosom with his kindred blood,
Turns to rank poison all her proffer'd good,
And plays before his Maker's sick'ning eyes
The serpent of this blooming Paradise.
Who that had gaz'd upon a scene so fair
Had dream'd this world a world of endless care,
Where evil deeds lurk ever in our way,
And Piety has nought to do but pray;
While all that lures to ill before us lies,
And all that tempts to good, is in the skies?
Not with wing'd angels good men wrestle here,
Like him or old, whom Israel's tribes revere;
But with a train of imps, in angel guise,
That sometimes even cheat the wary wise:

If one is foil'd, another still succeeds,
For victory but to harder trials leads,
Till tired at last, we quit the hopeless field,
Or to the weakest of the tempters yield,
And all the hard earn'd trophies thus restore,
Rather than fight one puny battle more.
The op'ning eyelids of the blue ey'd day
Saw our industrious pilgrims on their way;
For Spring was waning fast, the Summer near,
And Time would soon evolve the passing year;
Winter might come ere yet the houseless band
Had found a refuge in the promised land.
No idle fools, or idle knaves are they,
Who cannot stay at home their pray'rs to say;
No barefoot beggars, cloth'd in rags and dirt,
With leathern thong equipt, and sackcloth shirt,
Leaving the sacred duties of their home
In search of shrines or holy land to roam,
As if the God who hears the whisper'd pray'r,
Gave not his equal presence every where;
No! they were those who strove with gen'rous aim,
To 'scape the jaws of Beggary and Shame;

To gain amid the forest wild and drear
That competence to honest Worth so dear.
Surely such pilgrims seek a purer shrine
Than tombs of men, by priestcraft made divine,
And surely Heav'n will smile upon their way,
Ev'n though they seek not holy land to pray.
Now all through Pennsylvania's pleasant land,
Unheeded past our little roving band,
— For every soul had something here to do,
Nor turn'd aside our cavalcade to view-
By Bethlehem, where Moravian exiles bide,
In rural paradise, on Lehigh's side,
And York and Lancaster— whose rival rose
In this good land, no bloody discord knows.
Not such their fate!— the ever grateful soil
Rewards the blue-ey'd German's patient toil;
Richer and rounder every year he grows,
Nor other ills his Stagnant bosom knows
Than caitiff grub, and cursed Hessian fly,
Mildews, and smuts, a dry or humid sky;
Before he sells, the market's sudden fall,
Or sudden rise, when sold— still worse than all!
