title: The Backwoodsman, Book II (part 3 of 5)
author: James Kirke Paulding
date: 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/backwoodsmanpoem00paul (The Backwoodsman: A Poem, Philadelphia: M. Thomas, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 130
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; narrative in heroic couplets

Calmly he lives — the tempest of the mind,
That marks its course by many a wreck behind;
The purpose high that great Ambition feels,
Sometimes perchance upon his vision steals,
But never in his sober waking thought
One stirring, active impulse ever wrought.
Calmly he lives- — as free from good as blame,
His home, his dress, his equipage the same,
And when he dies, in sooth, 'tis soon forgot
What once he was, or what he once was not —
An honest man, perhaps, — 'tis somewhat odd,
That such should be the noblest work of God!
So have I seen in garden rich and gay,.
A stately cabbage waxing fat each day;
Unlike the lively foliage of the trees,
Its stubborn leaves ne'er wave in Summer breeze,
Nor flower, like those that prank the walks around,
Upon its clumsy stem is ever found;
It heeds not noontide heats, or Evening's balm,
And stands unmov'd in one eternal calm.
At last, when all the Garden's pride is lost,
It ripens in drear Autumn's killing frost*
And in a sav'ry sourkrout finds its end,
From which detested dish, me Heaven defend!
Now reach'd they Susquehanna's classic stream,
Well worthy of the poet's lay I deem,
And sweetly is it sung by him whose verse
Erewhile did Wyoming's sad tale rehearse,
In simple, plaintive, melancholy lay,
Worthy the sweetest minstrel of our day:
No need that I should tell his gentle name,
You'll find it on the roll of deathless Fame.
In toilsome journey many a mile they past,
And reach'd long Alleghany's foot at last;
Wild, endless chain! that rising in the North,
Where stout St. Lawrence heaves his waters forth,
Pursues its devious course, firm bas'd and high,
Dark barrier of the East and Western sky,
And knits the sister states in one great band,
Ne'er to be sever'd by a mortal hand.
Here, seated where the first and last bright ray
Of morn and ev'ning round his footing play,
By past time, present, and the future bless'd,
Besides the genius of the glowing West.

High thron'd amid the pure ethereal skies,
The East and West with equal ken he eyes,
Watches with equal care each sister state,
The new and old, the little and the great;
With equal pleasure sees the Sun arise
In ruddy East, or set in Western skies,
And joys, from petty local feelings free,
In all the Land's combined prosperity.

Here, too, the god of mighty rivers bides,
And his exhaustless urn pours down its sides;
Some westward roll, and, gathering on their way,
Through untrack'd glens and shady labyrinths stray,
Whence stealing from their woods to fruitful plains,
Where gen'rous Plenty greets industrious swains,
They meet at last on fair Ohio's side,
And lose their being in that ample tide.
Others, far eastward wending, find their way
To Pennsylvanian landscapes rich and gay,
Or through long devious vales, meandering slow,
To southern lands, still gathering on they flow,
Till centering in Potomac's ample wave,
The sister states on either side they lave,
And in the deep Atlantic's breast at last,
Through Chesapeake's wide op'ning all are cast.
Hard was the tugging up that mighty hill,
Full oft the sturdy pony stood stock still;
And had not Basil watch'd the wheel right well,
Back they had tumbled — where, no soul can tell.
At last they reach'd the summit rough and high,
Just as the stars began to gem the sky,
And twinkle, as if weeping those light dews
Which pale-ey'd Evening o'er the parch'd Earth strews:
They sought the hut where lowly trav'llers bide,
And nestling close together, side by side,
Napp'd it right sweetly till the Morn's gay smile
Rous'd to another long, long day of toil.
Hail, blessed Night! tir'd Nature's holiday!
When all the lab'ring world has leave to play;
Thou smooth'st the sweating workman's wrinkled brow,
The galley slave, and peasant at the plough,
The stooping sitheman, and the axeman good,
Whose weapon's like a whirlwind in the wood,

Love thy pale shadows, as with watchful eye
They trace the Sun adown the western sky,
Thou mak'st them sweet amends for toilsome pain
By the light rest they find beneath thy reign.
Not so th' ill -neighboured lids of Di scontent;
They hold no fellowship — and night is spent
In^dull repinings at our wayward fate,
Or quarrels with that world we love and hate,
And while rough Labour sleeps on rocks alone,
To such the downy pillow seems a stone.
Our Basil beat the lazy Sun next day>
And bright and early had been on his way,
But that the world he saw e'en yesternight,
Seem'd faded like a vision from his sight.
One endless chaos spread before his eyes,
No vestige left of Earth or azure skies,
A boundless nothingness reign'd every where,
Hid the green fields, and silent all the air.
As look'd the traveller for the world below,
The lively morning breeze began to blow,
The magic curtain roll'd in mists away,
And a gay landscape laugh'd upon the day.
As light the fleeting vapours upward glide,
Like sheeted spectres on the mountain side,
New objects open to his wondering view
Of various form, and combinations new,
A rocky precipice, a waving wood,
Deep winding dell, and foaming mountain flood,
Each after each, with coy and sweet delay,
Broke on his sight, as at young dawn of day,
Bounded afar by peak aspiring bold,
Like giant capt with helm of burnished gold.
So when the wandering grand sire of our race
On Ararat had found a resting place,
At first a shoreless ocean met his eye,
Mingling on every side with one blue sky;
But as the waters, every passing day,
Sunk in the earth, or rolPd in mists away,
Gradual, the lofty hills, like islands peep,
From the rough bosom of the boundless deep,
Then the round hillocks and the meadows green,
Each after each, in freshened bloom are seen,
Till, at the last, a fair and finished whole
Combin'd to win the gazing patriarch's soul.
