title: The Backwoodsman, Book III (part 1 of 4)
author: James Kirke Paulding
date: 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/backwoodsmanpoem00paul (The Backwoodsman: A Poem, Philadelphia: M. Thomas, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 144
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; narrative in heroic couplets

Who says that Fortune cannot see or feel,
But crushes Merit with her rolling wheel,
While Vice and Folly still her favours share,
And claim, like children, all the parent care?
Whoever says so, has nor wit nor eyes,
And the bright dame with foolish spleen belies,
For look abroad which ever way we may,
Courage and Prudence still her motions sway,
Slave to their steady, unrelaxing rule,
She plays the tyrant only with the fool.
Without that foresight, which the danger spies, "
That courage which each obstacle defies,
Imprudence still, to hide its burning shame,
Will cast on adverse Fortune all the blame,

While baffled Cowardice for ever throws
On cruel stars, what to itself it owes;
But those who grapple Danger, and provide
'Gainst probable mischance that may betide,
To her own wheel the conquered dame may chain,
And o'er her golden realm despotic reign.
What oft to flinching Folly madness seems,
Keen calculating Courage easy deems;
Distant and rumour'd dangers greater loom,
Like objects peering through the misty gloom,
The farther, still the loftier they appear,
And sink to nothing as we come more near.
So mountains when far off they catch the eye,
Seem a steep wall connecting earth and sky,
Impassable to every living thing,
Or man, or beast, or bird on vent'rous wing,
While fearful Fancy paints the other side,
One boundless waste, extending far and wide.
But gain'd at length, the last and boldest height,
A fair reality breaks on the sight,
Blithe we look forward, happy still to find
Just such a world as that we left behind.
Thus Basil — when he left his rural home,
In search of better fortune far to roam,
His fancy pictured years of solitude,
Far from the haunts of men in regions rude;
That shut from all the sweets of social life,
Himself, his growing boys, and faithful wife,
With howling beasts would congregate the while,
And never see another being smile,
Or hear a human voice, save Indian yell,
Shaking the forest with its echoing swell.
But happy Chance, that like the Summer breeze,
Can bring or rain or sunshine as she please,
And oft with her good-natur'd gambols cheers
The present sorrow, or the future fears,
Ordain'd that here a little band he found,
With him upon the self same errand bound,
Who hail'd with welcome our wayfaring man,
And joy'd in such associates in their plan.
Now blither was the hope that led the way,
And Basil's heart wax'd lighter every day,
Till all the little preparations o'er,
Our vent'rous band sought fair Ohio's shore,

Loosen'd their boats, and grasp'd the off er'd hand
Of many a stranger that around did stand;
For now about to leave, a long, long while,
The gentle world of courtesy and smile,
And reft of all its hallo wM sweets, sojourn
In lonely lands, iv^tebf e they might ne'er return;
Around their lingering eyes full oft they cast,
And gaz'd, as people do, who look their last,
While every soul of all the stranger train
Seem'd a dear friend they ne'er should meet again.
A simple scene! yet if we view it well,
rTwill soon to grander outlines haply swell,
For here we see, as on a chart unfurPd,
The destinies of this great Western world.
So came our ancestors, stern volunteers!
Who knew the dangers, yet despis'd the fears;
Thus did they sever many a heart-knit tie
Freedom and competence to win? or die;
And thus their hardy offspring dare to roam,
Far in the West, to seek a happier home,
To push the red-man from his solitude,
And plant refinement in the forest rude,
Thus daringly their glorious race to run,
Ev'n to the regions of yon setting sun.
Now, fare thee well— dear haunts of social men!
Long may it be, ere we shall meet again!
Farewell the village church, and tolling bell,
Sounding to prayers, or rustic fun'ral knell;
The lively fields, where men and herds are seen
Sporting, and lab'ring morn and eve between;
The smoke of rural hamlet curling high
Above the trees, in peaceful Summer sky;
The ploughman's whistle, and the lambkin's bleat,
The tinkling music of the herd, so sweet —
All, all farewell! far other scenes of life,
Rude forest labours, and wild savage strife,
My vent'rous song, perchance, will soon rehearse,
And rougher scenes demand a loftier verse.
Come then, our native Muse — bred in the wild*
Drear Solitude and lonely Fancy's child!
If ever thou didst shiver and turn pale,
Yet love to listen to some bloody tale,

That thrilPd with wild and terrible alarm,
Yet held thee breathless in its magic charm; —
If ever thou didst pause in moss-grown glen,
Unprinted yet by track of wandering men,
To listen to the wolf's long quavering howl,
Or shrill sharp shriek of twilight prowling owl,
Whose music turns the startled ploughman pule,
As lone, like thee, he lingers in the dale,
Musing on rustic damsel, passing fair,
Whose eye half promised she would meet him there;—
If ever in some cloud-bespeckled night,
When the moon glanc'd a wayward flickering light,
And shadows ever changing in the breeze,
Seem shapeless monsters gliding through the trees,
Thou wert beguiPd through church-yard path to roam,
That led, perchance, a nearer way to home,
And fancy 'd that there met thy watchful ear,
A sound, so low, so sad, so chill, and drear,
As if some long clos'd, clammy, fleshless grave
Had op'd its stubborn jaws, and groaning gave
Its mouldering bones awhile to roam at will,
Through midnight shades all damp and deadly still,
Until Aurora, and her sprightly train,
Should chase them to their narrow cell again; —
If such thy haunts and themes, I woo thee now,
Come hover o'er thy lowly suppliant's brow,
And with thy gloomy soul my verse inspire,
While vent'rously I wake the untouch'd lyre.
As down Ohio's ever ebbing tide,
Oarless and sailless silently they glide,
How still the scene, how lifeless, yet how fair,
Was the lone land that met the strangers there!
No smiling villages, or curling smoke,
The busy haunts of busy men bespoke,
No solitary hut, the banks along,
Sent forth blithe Labour's homely rustic song,
No urchin gambol'd on the smooth white sand,
Or hurl'd the skipping-stone with playful hand,
While playmate dog plung'd in the clear blue wave,
And swam, in vain, the sinking prize to save.
Where now are seen along the river side,
Young busy towns, in buxom painted pride,
And fleets of gliding boats with riches crown'd,
To distant Orleans or St. Louis bound,
