title: The Backwoodsman, Book III (part 2 of 4)
author: James Kirke Paulding
date: 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/backwoodsmanpoem00paul (The Backwoodsman: A Poem, Philadelphia: M. Thomas, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 146
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; narrative in heroic couplets

Nothing appear'd, but Nature unsubdu'd,
One endless, noiseless, woodland solitude,
Or boundless prairie, that aye seem'd to be
As level, and as lifeless as the sea;
They seem'd to breathe in this wide world alone,
Heirs of the Earth — the land was all their own!
'Twas Evening now — the hour of toil was o'er,
Yet still they durst not seek the fearful shore,
Lest watchful Indian crew should silent creep,
And spring upon, and murder them in sleep;
So through the livelong night they held their way,
And 'twas a night might shame the fairest day,
So still, so bright, so tranquil was its reign,
They car'd not though the day ne'er came again.
The Moon high wheel'd the distant hills above,
Silver'd the fleecy foliage of the grove,
That as the wooing zephyrs on it fell,
Whisper'd it lov'd the gentle visit well —
That fair-fac'd orb alone to move appear'd,
That zephyr was the only sound they heard.
No deep-mouth'd hound the hunter's haunt betray'd,
No lights upon the shore, or waters play'd,
No loud laugh broke upon the silent air,
To tell the wand'rers man was nestling there,
While even the froward babe in mother's arms,
Lull'd by the scene suppress'd its loud alarms,
And yielding to that moment's tranquil sway,
Sunk on the breast, and slept its rage away.
All, all was still, on gliding barque and shore,
As if the Earth now slept to wake no more;
Life seem'd extinct, as when the World first smil'd,
Ere Adam was a dupe, or Eve beguil'd.
In such a scene the Soul oft walks abroad,
For Silence is the energy of God!
Not in the blackest Tempest's midnight scowl,
The Earthquake's rocking, or the Whirlwind's howl,
Not from the crashing thunder-rifted cloud,
Does His immortal mandate speak so loud,
As when the silent Night around her throws
Her star-bespangled mantle of repose;
Thunder, and Whirlwind, and the Earth's dread shake,
The selfish thoughts of man alone awake;
His lips may prate of Heav'n, but all his fears
Are for himself, though pious he appears,

But when all Nature sleeps in tranquil smiles,
What sweet yet lofty thought the Soul beguiles!
There's not an object 'neath the Moon's bright beam,
There's not a shadow dark'ning on the stream,
There's not a star that jewels yonder skies,
Whose bright reflection on the water lies,
That does not in the lifted mind awake
Thoughts that of Love and Heav'n alike partake;
While all its newly waken'd feelings prove,
That Love is Heaven, and God the Soul of Love.
In such sweet times the spirit rambles forth
Beyond the precincts of this grov'ling Earth,
Expatiates in a brighter world than this,
And plunging in the Future's dread abyss,
Proves an existence separate, and refin'd,
By leaving its frail tenement behind.
So felt our Basil, as he sat the while,
Guiding his boat, beneath the moonbeam's smile.
For there are thoughts, which God alike has giv'n,
To high and low — and these are thoughts of Heav'n.
Thus gliding down the gentle river tide,
Three days and nights, at length our party spied
The lone asylum where their lot was cast,
And reach'd the long expected home at last.
A winding stream, that came from Heav'n knows where,
Far in the woods, join'd fair Ohio there,
And at their silent meeting might be seen,
A little level land all fresh and green,
On which those strange mysterious works appeared,
By unknown hands, in unknown ages rear'd;
Mounds, such as rise on Euxine's level shore,
The lasting tombs of nameless names of yore,
And forts, if we on travellers' lore rely,
With oaks of ages on their summits high.
These, gliding down Ohio's devious maze,
Now catch the passing stranger's wand'ring gaze,
Puzzle the wise-heads of the learned schools,
And teach philosophers to talk like fools.
'Twas here they landed mid the desert fair,
Broke up their boats, and form'd a shelter there,
Till they could build them cabins snug and warm,
To shield from Autumn's rains, and Winter's storm,
Then, for the first, the woodman's echoing stroke,
The holy silence of the forest broke;

Now first was heard the crash of falling trees,
Yielding to other power than howling breeze:
And now the first time did the furrow tear
The virgin Earth, and lay her bosom bare.
All now was bustle in that calm retreat,
The wants of Winter, and its rage to meet,
And soon, like magic, in the late lone wild,
A little rustic village rose and smil'd.
With keen-edg'd axe some warr'd against the wood,
And girdled trees, that ages there had stood,
While trusty rifle close beside them lies,
To guard from wily Indian's dread surprise;
Some urg'd the plough where'er the land was clear,
And some went forth to chase the half-tame deer,
That look'd them in the face with wistful ken,
As wond'ring what could be these stranger men.
Women and children, all were busy here,
To meet the pressure of the coming year,
A long, drear Winter now before them lay,
And short and shorter wax'd each passing day.
Soon hazja. Autumn came — in other lands
That rich rewards the labourer's blister'd hands;
But here our pilgrims no such blessings know,
They could not reap where they did never sow.
The Summer's lively hue, so fresh and green,
In these damp forests, now no more was seen,
It faded every day, like youth's bright bloom,
And other tints the waning woods assume;
The yellow aspin rear'd its palsied head,
The scarlet maple and the oak's deep red,
With here and there a sturdy evergreen,
Mingling their motley foliage, round were seen;
In dappled livery, Nature now was clad,
Like bonny Scot, in many-colour'd plaid.
The seed now sown, the cabins well prepar'd,
They sat them down, and growling Winter dar'd
For hardy Industry need never fear
The roughest changes of the rolling year,
Give it but health, e'en in the desert wide,
'Gainst each vicissitude 'twill soon provide,
Breast every exigence, nor shrink the while,
From Nature's frown, but meet it as her smile:
But beggary's now the fashion of the times,
And paupers hither flock from distant climes;

Thousands of brawny rogues unblushing stand
Whining, and lying, cap and crutch in hand,
Covered with dirt, as though e'en water here
They cannot buy, forsooth — it is so dear!
Idle as worthless, still the wretches find
Some silly dupes to imposition blind,
And cheat sweet Charity of that poor meed,
For Age and Sickness piously decreed;
Too indolent for work abroad to roam,
They lounge, and lye, and beg — and steal at home,
And though they bring pollution to our shore,
Lay all their crimes at our good people's door,
While honest Industry must ever strive
To keep itself, and these vile rags alive.
