title: The Backwoodsman, Book III (part 3 of 4)
author: James Kirke Paulding
date: 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/backwoodsmanpoem00paul (The Backwoodsman: A Poem, Philadelphia: M. Thomas, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 147
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; narrative in heroic couplets

Gradual the dappled cloke of Autumn fell,
And Winter rav'd through wood and winding dell,
Silent the stream's soft sdothing murmurs were,
And still the myriads of the peopled air;
The trees no more a whispering music made,
But howling blasts roar'd through the leafless shade,
Or, if it fell into a calm severe,
'Twas only to give place to sounds more drear.
Oft in the freezing midnight's dread repose,
The gaunt wolf's wail, quav'ring afar arose,
And oft the little hamlet they surround,
Rousing the sleepers with a fearful sound,
That as upon the half-wak'd ear it fell,
Seem'd murderous Indian's death-denouncing yell.
But soon they ceas'd these midnight foes to hear,
For use can conquer ev'n almighty fear,
And those who live in dangers, sleep as sound,
In sight of death, ev'n on the cold bare ground,
As though on curtain'd beds of down they lay,
And snor'd in peace the livelong night away.
Man can be happy, bide he where he may,
If health and freedom smile upon his way;
But he who seeks it, still must ever find,
If e'er he find it, in his own calm mind— *
Vainly we chase it — if it be not there,
>Tis not on Earth— in Heav'n— - -nor any where.
Calm were the wint'ry days our pilgrims knew,
And lightly o'er their heads the moments flew;
At eve they spent their little social hours,
As gay as though they bask'd in Eastern bowers,

Or in the racket of some noisy town,
ToiPd day and night to run light pleasure down.
Learn'd Basil now his leisure time employs,
To teach his blooming girls, and growing boys,
Reading and writing, and each simple rule,
That he had learn'd, while young, at village school;
But when that task was done, round evening blaze
The good man talk'd of things of other days —
Sometimes he told them how, in good time past,
Our fathers fought for freedom to the last,
The march of tyranny sev'n years withstood,
And bravely won the price of toil and blood.
Then would he tell of souls now gone to rest,
By every native heart's best wishes, blest:
Of virtuous Greene, whose cherish'd name shall be
As everlasting as thy hills, Santee,
And borne on Fame's untir'd, earth -circling wings,
Rise pure and limpid as his Eutaw springs:
Of Marion, by his country not half known,
Who kept a war alive, himself alone;
And when the prostrate South defenceless lay
To foreign oands, and homebred foes a prey,
Stili nurs'd the fainting spirit of the state,
And bravely tripp'd the heels of adverse Fate;
Still watch'd the footsteps of the plund'ring foe,
Who thought him distant till he felt the blow,
And hung upon his flank, or straggling rear,
And made him buy each inch of land too dear:
Of Franklin, who by mind alone sustained,
The palm of Science, and of Wisdom gain'd,
Whose name deep rooted in this grateful land,
Against the wiles of Envy long shall stand;
And while Oblivion's wave, urg'd on by Time,
Swallows the mighty million, stand sublime.
Thus the rough torrent sweeps the Earth away,
And pilfers something from her every day,
While the steep rock, firm seated on its sides,
Rests calmly there and all its force derides;
The more the waters sap its rooted base,
It rises still in stern majestic grace;
Higher its brow of adamant uprears,
And deeper rooted in the earth appears.
Then would he turn his little hearers pale,
With many a melancholy matron's tale,

Which stately Hist'ry deems beneath her pen—
The record of the woes of nameless men.
He told of hardships stern, and perils drear,
That met our soldiers in their sad career,
How from their comfortable homes they came,
To help their country, not to fight for fame;
How still half starved, half naked, and half froze,
On the sharp earth, or ice-glaz'd Winter snows,
Track'd by their blood, like wounded deer they rov'd,
And brav'd all hardships, for the cause they lov'd;
Ev'n on the verge of Famine's yawning jaws,
Not one betray 'd his suffering Country's cause,
Not one deserted to the conq'ring band,
Or sold his comrades, or his native land:
Still to their glorious leader bravely true,
The war's vicissitudes they struggled through,
Sav'd this good land, and when the tug was o'er,
Begg'd their way home, at every scoundrel's door.
But there was one, aye known and honour'd well*
Of whom our Basil lov'd the best to tell.
O! how he dwelt upon that finish'd mind,
Which left all ancient patterns far behind;
Whose virtues all so nicely balanced were,
That none seem'd very great, or very rare;
Like classic temple whose proportions meet
In such true harmony, such concord sweet,
It oft deceives the inexperienced sight,
That measures not its proud superior height;
'Tis not a part — it is the matchless whole—
The combination, that enchants the soul.
O! spotless, blameless, high heroic name,
Heir of the World's best gift, unblemish'd Fame!
What though no stately sculptures deck thy tomb,
Or blazon'd 'scutcheons its pale vault illume,
The freedom which thy steady virtues gave,
Is the best monument that thou canst have;
While grateful millions consecrate thy name,
Thou need'st no tomb to prop thy deathless fame.
ngor me — I joy that he, who when alive,
'Gainst empty pageants did so nobly strive,
When dead, reposes by his parents' side,
Debas'd by no vile attributes of pride.
I love the simple grave unspoil'd by art,
Of him whose tomb is every virtuous heart!

Proud monuments in stately pomp that rise,
And cheat the world with flattery and lies,
May give distinction to the artist's name,
And consecrate e'en nothingness to fame;
But wheresoever a Washington may rest,
There Fame shall make her everlasting nest;
For that renown the one from tombs receives,
The other to the simplest hillock gives.
No mass of marble towering to the skies,
Where truth inflated, turns to nauseous lies,
No pen historic, nor the fabling lyre,
Attun'd to flattery, his deeds require:
Look in his Country's face, you'll see them there!
List to her voice, you'll hear them in the air!
No need of pompous epitaphs to tell,
His high-wrought soul has bade this orb farewell,
For when from Earth retires the glorious Sun,
The darken'd World proclaims his race is run.
Often as Memory chang'd her varying glass
To melancholy musings they would pass,
And please themselves, that in some future day,
They'd visit those dear friends so far away,
And mid their wondering kinsfolk proudly tell,
What dangers they had fear'd, and what befel.
Right pleas'd to think they'd see that home again,
The present moment lost its keenest pain;
And while they put it off from year to year,
The world they could not visit sought them here,
For every passing Summer hither brought,
