title: The Backwoodsman, Book III (part 4 of 4)
author: James Kirke Paulding
date: 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/backwoodsmanpoem00paul (The Backwoodsman: A Poem, Philadelphia: M. Thomas, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 121
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; narrative in heroic couplets

Some hardy wight who independence sought,
And many a distant friend, who chanc'd to hear
How they had prosper'd, came and join'd them here;
Till, in good time, their new found world appeared,
E'en just like that to memory long endear'd.
Thus fond delusive Hope— thou honest cheat!
Dost ever lure us on with promise sweet;
And, when the dear reality is fled,
Set us to chase some phantom in its stead,
Till to the present reconcil'd at last,
We pine nor for the future, or the past,
What we can't hope to taste, no more regret,
And what's beyond our reach, in time forget.
The present, past, and future, sooth to say,
Within each other's hands, like gamesters play;

When the dark present wears no charm the while,
We to the future turn, and see it smile;
And when the future desolate appears,
The present joy with full fruition cheers;
While when they both with gloom are overcast,
We fly for refuge to the days long past,
Muster the good deeds of our youthful prime,
And light Hope's lamp amid the wrecks of Time.
Meanwhile, more prosperous grew each good man's lot,
Till each in time a goodly farm had got,
For their wise landlord knew his interest well,
And half his land for almost nought would sell;
Knowing the other would right soon repay
The half that he had almost giv'n away.
Now the log hut, erst haunt of sturdy men,
Degen'rate lot! became the porker's pen,
While stately fabricks rose on every side,
The good man's comfort, and the good dame's pride;
To cultivated fields, the forest chang'd,
Where golden harvests wav'd, and cattle rang'd;
The curling smoke amid the wilds was seen,
The village church now whiten'd on the green,
And by its side arose the little school,
Where rod and reason, lusty urchins rule,
Whose loud repeated lessons might be heard,
Whene'er along the road a wight appeared.
Thus passed the time, and thus amid the wild,
A dauntless man, became each blooming child;
Toil brac'd their nerves, and dangers made them brave,
And not a drop of blood here smack'd of slave;
Their hardy labours in the fields were plied,
With trusty rifle ever at their side;
Their hours of sport amid the woods were spent,
Chasing the deer, with hound of trusty scent,
Or warring with the wolf, and scoundrel bear,
Whom kindness cannot sooth, nor threatening scare.
All round they saw no being that might claim,
A rank superior, or a prouder name,
To tread the mounting spirit to the earth,
And crush the soul of Freedom in its birth;
Each was a man, for manhood's stamp he bore,
And none was less than that, and none was more,
In sweet according harmony was join'd,
The active body, with the active mind,

The spirit that will break Oppression's chain,
Yet follow like a lamb in Reason's train.
'Tis true— yet 'tis no pity that 'tis true,
Many fine things they neither felt nor knew.
Unlike the sons of Europe's happier clime,
They never died to music's melting chime,
Or groan'd, as if in agonizing pain,
At some enervate, whining, sickly strain;
Nor would they sell their heritage of rights,
For long processions, fetes, and pretty sights,
Or barter for a bauble, or a feast,
All that distinguishes the man from beast.
With them, alas! the fairest masterpiece,
Of beggar'd Italy, or rifled Greece,
A chisell'd wonder, or a thing of paint,
A marble godhead, or a canvass saint,
Were poor amends for cities wrapt in flame,
A ruin'd land and deep dishonour'd name;
Nor would they mourn Apollo sent away,
More than the loss of Freedom's glorious day;
Among them was no driv'ling princely race,
Who'd beggar half a state, to buy a vase,
Or starve a province nobly to reclaim,
From mother Earth, a thing without a name,
Some mutilated trunk decay'd and worn,
Of head bereft, of legs and arms all shorn,
Worthless, except to puzzle learned brains,
And cause a world of most laborious pains,
To find if this same headless, limbless thing,
A worthless godhead was, or worthless king.
Not such were these, whose story I unfold,
Or else some other might their tale have told.
No! they were men whose minds were form'd to dare,
Whose bodies fram'd the hardest toils to bear,
Men who whene'er their native land's to save,
Will win the meed or find a glorious grave.
Of such rare spirits was that gallant band,
Who 'gainst the bloody Indian made a stand,
Through the dark pathless woods did bravely chase
The treacherous warriors to their hiding place,
Though knowing well that in the bloody field,
They spare no soul, of all that fight or yield.

O rare Kentucky! gallant Tennessee,
And young Ohio, we are bound to thee!
Though like the aged patriarch's fav'rite son,
The younger born, a glorious race ye've run.
Be this the legend on your crests engrav'd,
Like Joseph we our elder brethren sav'd.
In some more happy, nor far distant day,
When that detested poison ebbs away,
That floats in our young Country's swelling veins,
And spots her face with party colour'd stains,
Chills the wild throbbing of the heart's high beat,
And cools the glowing pulse's gen'rous heat,
0! then some bard shall frame a loftier lay,
Which sung, perchance, in some far distant day,
Along Ohio's tranquil, silvery tide,
Will many a bosom swell with honest pride,
And teach to myriad mortals yet unborn,
To turn on haughty Europe scorn for scorn,
That second Afric — robb'd of liberty,
By the same cheats that set the negro free.
