title: The Backwoodsman, Book IV (part 3 of 3)
author: James Kirke Paulding
date: 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/backwoodsmanpoem00paul (The Backwoodsman: A Poem, Philadelphia: M. Thomas, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 109
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; narrative in heroic couplets

And hotter firebrands mid the circle threw,
Till ev'n the torpid heart of wint'ry age,
Burst its thick ice, and fir'd with headlong rage*
Forgot its tutelary genius, Fear,
And roll'd away in Folly's mad career.

Next morn betimes, ere yet the Sun's bright beam,
Gilded the woods, or play'd upon the stream,
Old men, young warriors, matrons, children came,
To call upon the Spirit's hallow'd name,
And ask an effort of his matchless might,
To aid them in one last decisive fight.
Mild was the mellow morning, not a breeze
Wak'd the deep slumbers of the lifeless trees,
Night's prowling train had silent sneak'd away,
And woodland birds not yet begun their lay;
The sky was one pale vault, without a star
Twinkling amid its azure fields afar,
Save the bright star of morn, that seem'd to stay
To bid good morrow to the god of day.
The wood was pil'd — the glorious Sun arose,
And each within the pyre his offering throws;
Something with which they most regret to part,
Some relic dearest to the giver's heart,
To show their pious reverence and love
To that Great Spirit thron'd in skies above.

The pile consumed, a reverend gray-hair'd band
Advanced within the circle hand in hand,
And pour'd to Him a wild and simple pray'r,
Who by some name is worshipped every where.
" Great Spirit! master of the lives of all,
" Soul of the universe, on thee we call!
" 0! thou who hold'st the reins of winds and storms,
" Master of visible and viewless forms,
" Of spirits roving in earth, air, and sea,
" Who do thy bidding wheresoe'er they be,
" Command the good around our paths to stray,
" And keep the evil from our steps away;
" Give to the young the spirits of the brave,
« Who sought for liberty and found a grave;
" Inspire the old with wisdom to disclose es The means to rid us of these hated foes;
iCTell us in dreams, thou lone and lofty One,
" What we must do, or what must leave undone.
" Great Spirit! whom all Heav'n and Earth proclaim
'* Lord of the universe, whatever thy name;
" Who breath'st in every thing in earth or air,
" That's great and beautiful, and good and rare,
" Whose unprescrib'd divinity pervades
" The haunts of men, and gloomy trackless shades,
" Lives in all things we do, or feel, or see,
Thou who art every thing, and all things thee — ■
" Great Spirit! hither turn thy listening ear!
" The stifled groans of anguish thou dost hear,
" Are from thy children, 'tis a nation calls,
" By thee it conquers, or by thee it falls.
" Who then shall light for thee the sacred flame,
" Or call upon thy cold unfeeling name?
" The Christian God were better far than thee,
" He makes his children triumph, while we flee;
" To him if conquered we our vows must pay,
" Forsake thine altars, and disclaim thy sway-—
" Hear us, Great Spirit! whom we yet adore,
" Or save us now, or lose us evermore!59
A band of chafing warriors next there came,
Who danc'd around the low expiring flame,
With threatening gestures, death denouncing eyes,
Low mutter'd curses, and tremendous cries.

0! bloody were the deeds each warrior sung,
While charm 'd Attention on his accents hung;
If in his vagrant life, he e'er had done
A deed that sweet Humanity would shun,
Scalp'd a young babe, or tortur'd a poor white,
With knives and fires, and shouted with delight;
To see the drops fast down his forehead roll,
And hear the groans that left his very soul,
The ruthless crime of Heav'n and man accurs'd,
Was now in song triumphantly rehears'd;
Mute admiration held the listening train,
Each long'd to act the bloody scene again,
And some poor trembling, half-starv'd captive wretch,
Upon the rack of lingering torture stretch,
From murder with ingenious art refrain,
And nurse his life to lengthen out his pain.
Thus through the livelong day they danc'd and sung,
And with their music distant woodlands rung,
The very wolves with this loud rant were scar'd,
Nor from their haunts that day to venture dar'd;
But when the Sun low waning tow'rd the West,
Proclaimed the coming hour of balmy rest,
The weary, wild, tumultuous, madden'd throng,
Howl'd to their God, the warriors' hairbrain'd song f< Take heart — he hears us in yon ruddy skies,
" And through the Sun looks with approving eyes!
" Behold, how bright his golden circle shines,
" The willing Spirit to our wish inclines!
u 'Tis He that sends this fair and sprightly day,
" 'Tis his sweet smiles that on the waters play;
" He makes the springs to rise, the rivers flow,
" The thunders rattle, and the whirlwinds blow,
" Wings forth the nimble lightning with his arm,
" Scourges the earth, or shelters it from harm —
" The high, the powerful, the unknown Great,
" Still hears our pray'rs, still watches o'er our fate;
" He loves our tribe, he sees, he feels our woes,
" And gives us vengeance, on our ruthless foes;
" Cheer up my brothers! we shall pay them yet,
" And in revenge, our wrongs and shames forget.
" But see! he leaves us — his bright warming Sun,
" Is gone away — 'tis done, aye it is done — -
" Freedom is ours, the Spirit tells us so,
u Wo to the white -man — to his children wo!
