title: The Backwoodsman, Book V (part 2 of 4)
author: James Kirke Paulding
date: 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/backwoodsmanpoem00paul (The Backwoodsman: A Poem, Philadelphia: M. Thomas, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 130
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; narrative in heroic couplets

And teach the Indian race, with pious care,
New modes of plunder — cruelties more rare.
Accursed union! cruel, bloody, base-
Shame of the Briton — blot on all our race!
Was it for England, of her glories proud,
To back her cause, with such a murd'rous crowd,
To fight — to run away— thus hand in hand,
With such a howling, scalping, tort'ring band?
Was this the way her piety to prove,
Her saint-like charity, and Christian love,
By sweet communion with a Pagan crew,
That ne'er one impulse of soft pity knew?
To bring the savage fiend, that never spares
The speechless innocent, nor snow-white hairs,
In bloody fellowship in wilds to live,
With those whose God commands them to forgive—
Was it for her — to sink her ancient fame
In such an ocean of eternal shame?
Think not, proud island — high as is thy lot,
These deeds of thine shall ever be forgot,
For howsoe'er thy records may deceive,
Here unborn millions shall the tale believe —
Long as the hours shall ply their ceaseless pace,
Thy sons shall hear their fathers' deep disgrace,
And blush, if blush they can, with burning shame,
At this deep blot that stains the Briton's name,
Within the doomsday -book of wrathful Time,
'Tis writ in blood, that in this lonely clime,
Deep in the gloomy forest's boundless shade,
For deeds that blink the blessed sunshine made,
Whence dying groans, unheard, unpity'd rise,
And scarce a rumour to old Europe flies,
Faith's mighty bulwark — battled side by side
With yelling fiends that law and Heav'n deride,
Saw them the captive with slow tortures kill,
And could have sav'd them, but had not the will.
O, England! thou a long arrear must pay,
When comes the bloody, bitter reck'ning day;
The hour may come — nay it will come in time,
When thou wilt pay for this detested crime;
Then in some desp'rate struggle man to man,
The wrathful mind these deeds of thine shall scan*

And with a noble thirst of vengeance fir'd,
By mem'ry of its country's wrongs inspir'd,
The victors noblest attribute will show,
And teach thee — how to spare a captive foe.
The maniac Prophet, whose infuriate hate,
Disdain'd the lagging steps of War to wait,
Set forth on lonely ramble to descry,
If yet, perchance, the adverse foe was nigh,
Or haply free from dreary War's alarm,
He staid at home, nor dreain'd of coming harm.
Alone he hied him — for his gloomy soul,
Sicken'd at fellowship, and scorn'd control;
His humour was to roam, no one knew where,
Mutt'ring and murm'ring to the lonely air.
With cautious step, the wily Indian went
Like prowling thief on villanous intent,
Lay on his face, and listened to the breeze,
Whose whisper'd greetings woo'd the waving tn
And if an acorn fell, he quail 'd with fear,
For now the white-man's dangerous haunts were
Nearer, and nearer still the Prophet hied,
And now the curling smoke far off descry 'd,
Above the woods in waving volumes rise,
Mingling its lighter tints with pale blue skies,
A little nearer, and the village spire,
Rose every moment higher yet and higher,
Until, at last, the peaceful hamlet scene,
Burst on his view, along the level green;
The Sun's last rays upon the spire top gleam'd,
The evening purple on the still wave beam'd,
The lazy herds tinkled their evening bell,
The measur'd oar upon the river fell,
As swift the light canoe, from side to side,
Flitting like Indian barque was seen to glide,
The boatman ty'd his boat to root of tree,
And sung, or whistled there, right merrily —
And every sound upon the ear that broke,
The hour of rural relaxation spoke;
Nothing was seen, but comfort every where,
And nothing heard, that seem'd the voice of Care.
Back shrunk the madbrain'd wand'rer stung with spleen,
And sick'ning at this peaceful village scene;
It minded him of times he once had known,
Ere doom'd to wander through the earth alone,

For on this spot he once had reign'd a king,
O'er man and beast, and every living thing;
In this fair haunt, from boy to man he grew,
And tasted all the bliss the savage knew;
Here had he seen his people happy dwell,
Here had they fought, were conquered, and all fell.
A flood of tenderness rush'd on his mind,
And for one moment the poor wretch grew blind;
A thrill, for many, and many a year unknown,
Cut through his heart, though harden'd into stone,
A tear, the only one that e'er had stain'd
His manhood's cheek, unbrush'd away remain'd3
And, for one breath, his lone and wretched lot,
Was in the mem'ry of the past forgot.
But 'twas a moment only that engag'd
His tender thoughts — the next his bosom rag'd;
Indignantly he brush 'd the tear away,
And as more hotly glows the Sun's bright ray,
When past the Summer shower that soon is o'er.
And leaves it brighter than it was before,
His swelling heart with keener vengeance burn'd,
And all his tenderness to fury turn'd.
a Aye — rest ye safe awhile'" — he madly cried;
M Bask in the sunshine on my river's side,
" While the true lord of wave and wood and soil,
" Skulks from his home, and howls and starves the while.
" Sleep soundly yet, ye curs'd — devoted train,
'Ere long ye'll slumber ne'er to wake again,
" Or wake to hear the death-denouncing yell,
" Rouse for the last time, with its echoing swell,
u To see your dwellings wrapt in midnight flames,
" Hear helpless babes, and wives invoke your names,
" And call upon the Christian God in vain
" To be their safeguard, yet, yet once again.
w How silent all around — how mild the eve!
(t Farewell awhile — a little while I leave
" These gentle haunts, which when again I see,
" Wo to the white-man — he'll remember me!"
This said, he turn'd him to the glowing West,
Where day's last tints upon the light clouds rest,
And turning, saw an aged pilgrim stand,
Beneath an oak, with rustic staff in hand,
Who seem'd e'en like that day's departing sun,
As if his race on earth were almost run.
