title: The Backwoodsman, Book VI (part 4 of 6)
author: James Kirke Paulding
date: 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/backwoodsmanpoem00paul (The Backwoodsman: A Poem, Philadelphia: M. Thomas, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 147
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; narrative in heroic couplets

And foes, that fear now prompts him to forgive;
And many, many things that he erewhile,
Pass'd carelessly, or with indiff'rent smile,
Now climb the weakened barriers of the heart,
And claim one last farewell, ere yet they part.
There — the red Indian, dancing round his fire,
Broke the dread silence with his yellings dire,
And seem'd as damned imps had burst their chain.,
To vex and mar this beauteous world again,
Still cherishing their old earthborn desires,
And howling, in their own eternal fires;
About the flame that cast a blood -red glare,
The many-colour'd daemons caper'd rare;
Sometimes clasp'd hand in hand they whirPd around,
Like winged fiends, that hardly touch the ground,

Without, across, amid the blaze they flew,
As if no pang of scorching heat they knew;
With dismal yell, that echoed from afar,
They danc'd the bloody dance of death and war,
And sung, or howl'd, that deep funereal strain,
Those who once hear, full seldom hear again:
" 'Tis come! the day our brothers to avenge —
" 'Tis come! the precious hour of sweet revenge.
c< We'll fight, we'll kill, we'll drive them in the flood*
" And make the river one wide stream of blood;
" Their dripping scalps with glorious fury tear,
" And mid our fathers in proud triumph wear,
" Eat up their hearts, hang their white flesh to dry,
" And leave their bare bones in the sun to fry —
" 'Tis come — 'tis past — 'tis won, the bloody field,
" Kill those that fly, and torture those that yield.2'
So wan'd the tedious, dismal night away;
But with the first faint streaks of dawning day,
The peaceful Cherub, that had haunted here
E'er since old Time began his young career,
Silent and sorrowful, to Heav'n withdrew,
And bade his little paradise adieu;
Yet as with lingering wing he upward hied,
Oft did he look behind, and sadly sigh'd,
To think, that even in this lonely shade,
For peace and silent contemplation made,
The brazen imp of strife should dare intrude,
And vex its quiet with his clamours rude.
Enough of war, its glories and its ills,
The volume of the past, and present fills;
The his fry of the world before the flood,
And since, alas! is writ in tears and blood;
But, oh! the records of this peevish age,
In after times, when men unclasp the page,
Enough of blood and pillaging will show,
To pall, e'en the voluptuary in wo,
The sanguinary lust of warriors cool,
Sicken the wise, and satiate the fool,
Tire out dull Patience with eternal strife,
And make us loathe, this vile, this cut-throat life.
Why then should I luxuriate in gore,
And tell of horrors often told before?
How Christian groans, and Pagan's fearful yell,
As fled the one, or as the other fell,

Mingled in grating discord met the ear,
And made the stoutest bosom quake with fearr
Why should I free my Muse from her restraint.
And with unfeeling coolness pause, to paint
The quivering limb, the bleeding bosom bare,
The dripping head, reft of its honoured hair,
The writhing struggle in the last sad hour,
When Death and fainting Nature try their power;
The wounded victim, now bereft alike,
Of strength to crawl, or energy to strike,
Rolling and weltering in his smoking gore,
By friends and foes alike now trampled o'er,
Unheeded in the bloody, busy strife,
Where each man fought to save, or win a lifer
Why should I — but enough, alas! and more —
We are no vampyres thus to live on gore;
Man's novt a wolf, o'er carnag'd fields to prowl,
And snuff the scent of blood, and lap, and howl;
Nor vulture hov'ring in the blessed air,
Watching, the dying victim's heart to tear,
That he should thus delight in blood and strife,
And hang with rapture o'er the woes of life.
Not such the scenes dear to my humble Muse,
Not such the themes that she delights to choose!
She loves to linger through the livelong day
Plucking each wild flower, blooming on her way,
To stop where'er she list, and gaze around,
Where winding stream, or past'ral vale is found,
Chase the wild butterfly on vagrant wing,
And haunt cool shades, where buxom warblers sing
Or gaze upon the moon, and starry -lights,
And lose herself in wild and wayward flights,
Among the unmapped regions of the air,
Doffing each grov'ling thought, and sordid care;
There track the milky-way across the sky,
Through which aloft the souls of heroes fly,
Reach the bright regions of eternal day
And shed a glorious lustre on their way.
Thrice was the savage driven from the field,
Thrice he return'd, disdaining still to yield;
The prophet seem'd by madness' self enslav'd,
And through the fight like maniac yell'd and rav'd,
Invok'd the Indian spirits to his aid,
And curs'd the coward who his god betray'd,

Adjur'd, reproach'd, and threatened and besought,
Like prophet preach'd, and like a hero fought,
Till with deep wounds all seam'd, and drench'd in gore,
He fainting sunk, and yelPd and fought no more.
That moment every savage warrior quaiPd,
And e'en the stoutest heart its master faiPd;
Dropping their arms, they slowly left the field,
Too hopeless now to fight, too proud to yield,
And though our soldiers, hung upon their rear,
And mow'd them like the ripen'd harvest ear,
They turn'd them not, but kept their wonted pace,
With dangling arms, and melancholy grace —
As men, who did not think it worth the strife,
To save the remnant of a worthless life.
Night came, while our brave yeomen still pursu'd
The flying.Briton through the pathless wood,
The busy scene, was now but one wide grave,
Strew'd with the yet warm corses of the brave.
With faces turn'd to heav'n all deadly white,
In the pale starry lustre of that night.
Here lay, defrauded of his dear-bought fame,
A gray -beard soldier, without life or name;
Sold by his needy prince perchance to fight,
Just as it happened, for the wrong, or right.
His pipe that still adorn'd its wonted place,
And light blue eyes, proclaimed the German race;
But who he was, or what, or whence, or where,
Nobody knew in sooth, and none did care;
By parents, friends, and playmates long forgot,
No tear bewail'd his lone and wretched lot.
Yet 'tis the same belike, to him that's dead,
Who mourns his fate, or where he rests his head:
Cold on his breast lay stretched a rawbon'd man,
Whose blood in friendly current mingling ran;
Born in far distant climes, fn death they join'd,
And like two brothers their stout arms entwin'd;
For sweet it is, in the last pang of death,
Even in the stranger's arms to yield our breath,
Rather than die abandoned and alone,
With none to catch the last expiring groan.
What did he here — why leave old Scotland's hills,
Pure mountain air, and purer crystal rills,
Dear to his heart by every tender tie,
To seek the western woodland shades and die,
