title: The Backwoodsman, Book VI (part 5 of 6)
author: James Kirke Paulding
date: 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/backwoodsmanpoem00paul (The Backwoodsman: A Poem, Philadelphia: M. Thomas, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 149
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; narrative in heroic couplets

Grappling with those who never wish'd him ill,
Who long have lov'd, and love his country still?
Yes, rugged Scotia! — bruit us as you may,
We love thy music, and thy melting lay;
The echoes of our country know them well,
And chant by heart the soft bewitching spell —
There's not a lonely seat where maids retire,
To nurse the fluttering flame of young desire,
To dream, and hope, and wish and fear the white,
The long and listless evening to beguile,
But at the sober twilight's dewy hour,
When all the gentler feelings pant for power,
Has thrill'd respondent to thy melting strain,
Dear to the courtier, scholar, bard, and swain;
There's not a voice in this new world, but loves
To warblevScotia's tunes, in vales and groves;
Nor breathes the mortal in this western sphere,
That does not hold her Burns and Campbell dear,
And owe to their bewitching minstrel power,
The charm that sweeten'd many a weary hour.
A little onward, lo! a strapping blade
Flat on his back, beneath yon elm is laid:
I know him well, a lone and sad exile,
From his lost Paradise, green Erin's Isle;
Hither he came, but sore against his will,
To murder those, to whom he wish'd no ill,
And when he came, in sooth he hardly knew
What brought him here, or what he had to do —
Until he fell, and with his latest sigh,
Utter'd, " I know it now — I came to die."
Beside him lay an Indian, stript half bare,
With one hand twisted in a whiteman's hair,
While still the other grasp'dthe scalping knife,
Yet smoking with the warmth of recent life.
And near the Indian sprawl'd a lusty lad,
In homespun coat, and linen trowsers clad,
Whose head bereft of half its flaxen hair,
Lay reeking with the skull exposed and bare.
This luckless lad, though but a village boy —
Was an old father's pride, a mother's joy —
And when they heard their only son was slain,
'Tis said they ne'er held up their heads again.
Full many other nameless forms lay here,
Doubtless, to some far aching bosom dear,

Some maid betroth'd, some parent, some old friend,
Who many a year lamented their sad end,
And added to that mighty sum of wo,
We pay as tribute to this world below.
Ambition— parent of tremendous War,
Tremble, for thou hast much to answer for!
What though life be, a very worthless boon,
And bootless whether dolPd or late, or soon,
Source of small good, and mighty ills below,
Of shortliv'd happiness, and lasting wo,
To others useless, to ourselves a curse,
To-day a pest, to-morrow something worse,
Yet, since we hold the poor possession dear,
And hug it as our choicest blessing here,
'Tis cruel thus to snap the thread of life,
And sweep' as from this much-lov'd scene of strife,
This cheating world, this weary vale of tears,
Which even suffering to our heart endears,
Just as the mother loves that child the best,
That gives most pain to her maternal breast.
All now is silent, in the scene so lone,
Save ever and anon a feeble moan,
That at each repetition dies away,
Like the last echoes of some plaintive lay.
The watchful wolf that hears the welcome sound,
Lur'd by the signal, prowls the field around,
Licking the earth, and yelling forth the while,
His horrid joy at such a glorious spoil;
Sad music to the dying victim's ear,
Whose fainting heart still throbs such notes to hear*
What ghastly spectre, near yon heap of slain,
Wak'd by the music, comes to life again,
With desp'rate effort bravely seeks to rise,,
Then sinks in silence, and in silence dies?
It is the maniac Prophet! — lo, once more
He strives to rise, but falls e'en as before,
His waning strength that heart no more sustains,
And drop by drop the life blood slowly drains.
But see! supported by that groaning wretch,
I see him toward the heav'ns his red arm stretch,
And hark! his last words tremble on mine ear,
Just faintly heard, amid the silence drear.
" 'Tis past — no more I hail the rising sun —
t2 'Tis past — and yet the work is left undone!

"The white man triumphs, the poor Indian bleeds,
" The good cause suffers, and the bad succeeds.
" Yet how yon heavens do smile, as if in scorn
" Of wretched man, from life and kindred torn,
" As if they car'd not for the right or wrong,
" Or sided ever with the righteous strong.
" 'Twas always thus — for I remember well,
" Long time ago, when my brave nation fell,
" No signs appear'd that those who dwell above,
r< For one or other in the conflict strove;
c* No Indian spirits battled on our side,
" To curb the bold invader's towering pride,
w Or bolster up the tottering cause of right,
a Man, man alone, decided that last fight,
? While earth, and skies smiPd at the bloody scene,
" And Nature pitiless, look'd on serene.
"Then why should I to these direct my pray'r,
" They never listen, or they never care?
"Great Spirit! ev'n in this my dying hour,
" I do defy thee, fearless of thy power,
" Be it thy want of might, or lack of will,
" Or one or both, I do defy thee still.
w Thou did'st deceive me in thy promis'd aid,
" First rais'd our hopes, and then those hopes betray'd,
" Sold us to whitemen, battled on their side,
" Else we had not been beat, nor had I died.
" If thou hadst power, why then refuse thine aid,
" If not, then have thy vot'ries idly pray'd;
" Thou art a cheat that in the heav'ns dost dwell,
« Take my defiance, and so fare thee well.
" Yet if there be among ye one that cares
" For Indian wrongs, to thee I lift my prayers.
n Alas! — 'tis now too late for me to pray
" For victory on some propitious day,
" The time is past, our rights and lands to save,
" Nor canst thou wake the tenants of the grave.
" Yet oh! if e'er their groans have reach'd thine eaiv
" Hear my last adjuration — Spirit, hear!
" Let slip a race of powerful demons forth
" From the deep bosom of the blasted earth,
" To wage eternal vengeance in our name,
u To wrap the world, in one wide wasting flame,
" Sweep from their lands usurp'd the whiteman's race,
" And plant still bloodier monsters in their place.

" But if within the bounds of Earth or Hell,
" No bloodier fiends than they are found to dwell,
" Bring thou one half of that detested race
" Against the other, marshall'd face to face,
" There let them murder, till of all the train,
" But one gash'd wretch alone like me remain,
" The venom'd spleen of all his race to nurse,
" And breathe it forth, in one last dying curse.5-9
Down on the bleeding wretch he sunk again,
Who groan'd, as if with agonizing pain;
u Silence! thou woman"— scornfully he cried,
" Art thou the first hast suffered, bled, or died?
" Pale whiteman-— for I know thee by thy groans,
" If thou want'st pity, go and ask yon stones;
" Or tell me over slowly, one by one,
" The favours ye to our wild race have done~
" Tell how ye sought our haunts with pious care,
