title: The Backwoodsman, Book VI (part 6 of 6)
author: James Kirke Paulding
date: 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/backwoodsmanpoem00paul (The Backwoodsman: A Poem, Philadelphia: M. Thomas, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 121
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; narrative in heroic couplets

" Show'd us thy way to heav'n, and pack'd us there,
" And when ye found us roving in the wood,
" Baptiz'd us Christians in our smoking blood.
" But" — and the dying energy that still
Obey'd the impulse of his master will,
New strung his arm — " One pleasure yet remains,
" There's yet some blood left in thy Christian veins,
" There's yet one nerve within thy treacherous heart,
" Where I may wake one keen and mortal smart;
" Come let me practise knowledge dearly bought,
" And christen thee, as I by thee was taught.
" Whoe'er thou art, I neither care, or know,
" Thou art a whiteman, and of course my foe."
Then as the speechless victim raisM his arm,
To supplicate, or haply shield from harm,
Deep in his bloodless heart he plung'd the knife,
And freed the last remains of struggling life —
Heav'n still is just, it was the Renegade
That suffer'd by the hand he had betray'd!
Delirious laughter rattled in his throat,
As thus the guilty caitiff dead he smote,
And ere the dying victim sunk to rest,
The murd'rer breath'd his last upon his breast.
At early dawn return'd the pious train,
To do the last rites to their brothers slain;
Sad task — amid the melancholy wild,
Where no funereal pomps their griefs beguil'd!

No muffled drum, with pauses sad and slow,
No melting dirge breath'd forth in cadence low,
Nor vollied thunder, from their sleep profound
Wak'd the dead echoes of the forest round;
With bayonets they dug the warrior's grave,
And cut the sod with sword of warriors brave;
The pagan Indian, and his christian foe,
Slayer and slain, slept peaceably below;
And arms, that erst in bloody tug had join'd,
In loving fellowship now lay entwin'd—
The great peace maker, Death, makes all men friends*
The league he signs and sanctions never ends!
No groans were utter'd, no ear piercing cries,
Nor silent tear, their manly grief supplies,
As bending o'er the last home of the dead,
One lifeless sadness o'er each bosom spread,
To think what pity that the honest brave,
Should sleep neglected in that lonely grave,
Without a stone to mark the sacred spot,
Their names, their heroism, and fate forgot.
And now the task of love and vengeance o'er,
The frontier free, the ruthless foe no more,
Their eager steps right winsomely they plied,
Tow'rd their dear home on fair Ohio's side,
Nor need I tell the welcome they receiv'd,
What hearts rejoic'd, or what poor matrons griev'd,
What eyes look'd bright with joy, or sorrow's tears,
Who groans in sorrow, or in triumph cheers,
Who runs to meet the pilgrims on their way,
Or who in speechless sorrow shrinks away,
As with Affection's quick and piercing gaze,
The little band advancing she surveys,
And misses one — the dearest of the train,
Her faithful breast will pillow ne'er again,
Yet dares not ask, while they the tale withhold,
For fear her heart the dreadful truth has told.
Peace to her bosom — peace and hope to all,
On whom the caa»t?niiig hand of Heaven shall fall!
And now farewell, ye happy village train,
The tale is done — we never meet again;
Yet let me waste one line to sing the lot
Of one whom I in truth had half forgot.
Old Basil — for his head is now grown gray-
Waxes in wealth and honours every day;

Judge, general, congressman, and half a score
Of goodly offices, and titles more
Reward his worth, while like a prince he lives,
And what he gains from heav'n to mortals gives;
His very foes are welcome to his door,
For when they come they are his foes no more.
And thus, as gently sliding toward his end,
The friend of all, and every good man's friend.
Still loving life, amid the joys of health,
Still giving, yet still growing in his wealth;
Surrounded by his neighbours, dame and boys,
The old man all the sweets of life enjoys,
Wealth, honour, freedom, and his neighbours9 love,
Fruition here, and Hope in Heav'n above.
Again Peace shower'd her blessings o'er the laud,
And Happiness and Freedom, hand in hand
Went gayly round, and knoek'd at every door,
Hailing the rich, and biding with the poor,
While wondering nations watch'd our bright career,
And look'd, and long'd to seek a refuge here,
From all the countless pack of galling ills,
That slaves still suffer, when the tyrant wills.
And oh! be such thy ever during fate,
My native land! still to be good and great!
Still to be dear to nations- — doubly dear,
The people's hope, the tyrant's lasting fear,
.Still to be cherish 'd by the good and brave,
Still to be hated by the dastard slave,,
That turns in sick'ning envy from thy face,
The mirror that reflects his deep disgrace;
Still to be fear'd for thy far beck'ning smiles,
That oft the despot of his prey beguiles,
Still to be lov'd, by those who joy to see
The race of man live happy, great and free.
Yes! lone and spotless virgin of the west,
No tyrant pillows on thy swelling breast,
Thou bow'st before no despot's guilty throne,
But bend'st the knee to God's, and his alone!
Dear imp of Freedom — may'st thou live to see,
In after days a glorious race like thee,
Whom thy example haply shall inspire,
With the pure glow of Freedom's sacred fire,
Teach them a sober way to break their chains,
Wipe from fair Freedom's brow those bloody stains

That hair brain'd zealots sprinkled madly there,
And show what heaven made it, pure as fair,
Till in good time a train of nymphs like thee,
Blooming and happy, virtuous, wise, and free,
Shall hail thee eldest sister of the train,
And o'er regenerate earth, sweet cherubs reign.
