RAW DOWNLOAD (complete file, unedited except for this header)
DESCRIPTION: Hakluyt, The third and last volume of the voyages... (London 1600), CIHM microform, complete uncorrected OCR (blackletter; badly garbled but usable for spot checks)
URL FETCHED: https://archive.org/download/cihm_94220/cihm_94220_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
==============================================================================

Na 


2 


: See 
IRD AND L 
AGES, NAVIGAT 


4 4 
. 1 


As namely to Engronland, Meta Lncognita, Estotiland, 
Tierra de Labrador, Newfoundland,y p The grand bay, the gulfe of S. La. 


ber, to the fhores and maines of Virginia and Hurida, and on the Welt or backfide ofthem 
both, to the rich and pleaſant countries of Vueua Fife 
Quiuira, to tlie 5. prouinces of the kingdome of New Mexiro, to the 
bottome of the gultc of Cabfornia,and vp the 


Riuer of Buena Guia: 


And likewiſe to all the yles both ſmall and great lying before the 
Cape of Florida, The bay of Mexico,and Tierra firma,to the coafts and Inlands 
of Newe Spaine, Tierra firma and Guiana, vp the mighty Riuers of Or 
Deffekebe, and Maranmn, to cuem part of che coaft of Brafil, to che River of Plate, 
through the Sereights of At agellan forward and backward,and to the 
South of the faid Streights as farte as . degrees: 


And from thence on the backſide of America, along the coaftes,harbours, 
and capes of Chili, Pera, Nicaragua, Nuewa ESpanna,Nauena Galicia, Culiacan, 
: California, Nowa Abjion,and more Northerly asfarre as.43 degrees: 


Together wich the two renowmed, and proſperous voyage? of Sit Francis Drake 
and M.T homes Candifb round about the circumference of the whole earth, and 
ae diuers other voyages intended and fet forth for that couric, 


Collketed by Rictany Hart vy v Preacher, and fometines 
ſtudent of Chriſt- Church in Oxford. 


Fllaprinda: London by George Bifhop, Raf 
oe D Pines 
‘Axxo Dow 16% . 


2 


' 
i 
| 
i 
1 


— — TI — — 
e — 
* 


alfo, 7 
which. 
thors 7 
by Chri 
And » 
throug! 
ward th 
vs for th 
the tren 
from th 
meth ve 
that Ant 
Which! 
mews anc 
Atlantis , 
Streighto 
by that o 
of certain 
into then 
and fruitf 
their Sen 
wee haue 
difcouere 
taine caufe 
tragedie in 


2 


DN 
8 EU 
* 6 acy 25 928 t 5. ) i 9 


ofthe Court of Wards and Liuer 


Maieſties moſt honourable priu 


Ight honourable, 


bountiful and 
ſid 


ge 
a He: 


5 


ed S 


To the right honourable ſir Robert Cecil 
knight, principall Secretary to her Maieſtie, maſter 


ies, and one of her 
ie Councel. 


your fauourable 
acceptance of my ſecond volume of The 

fied vnto you the laſtyere, 
your peruſing of the fame at yourco 
ent leaſure, your ood teftimon 


on. So that it ſee- 
beit it cannot be denied but 


= 


—— ee 


— a 


nueni- 


n the later ages 
the 


The E piſtle Dedicatorie. 


3 — —— 
the Ocean would diſconer new worlds, and that the yle of Thule would no more 
be the vttermoſt limite of the earth, For whereas Virgile had ſaid to A aſtus Ca. 

far Tibi ſeruiat ullima Thule, alluding thereunto he contradi@eth the ame,and 
faith, Nec fit terru ultima Thule. Vea Tertullian one ofour moſt ancient and lear- 
ned diuines, in the beginn ng of his treatiſe de Palio alludeth vnto Plato his Welt 
erne Atlantis, which there by another name he callech Aeon, laying, Aton in A.- 
luntico nunc quæritur. And in his 40. chapter de Apologetico he reporteth the ſame 
to be bigger then all Africa and Afia, Of this New world and euery ſpeciall part 
therec f in this my third volume I haue brought to light the beſt & moſt erfect 
relations of ſuch as were chiefe actours in the particular diſcoueries and ſerches 
of the ſame, giuing vnto every man his right,and leauing euery one to mainteine 
his owne credit. The order obſerued in this worke is farre more exact, then 
heretofore I could attaine vnto: for whereas in my two former volumes I was 
enforced fot lacke of ſufficient ſtore, in divers places to vſe the methode of time 
onely (which many worthy authors on the like occafion are enforced vnto) be- 
ing now more lentifully ſurniſhed with matter, I alwayes follow the double or- 
der of time and place. Wherefore propofing vito my ſelſe ths right fituation of 
this New world, | begin at the extreme Northerne limite, and put downe ſucceſ- 
fiuely in one ranke or claſis, according to the order aforeſaide, all ſuch voyages 
as haue bene made to the ſaid part: which eomming all together, and followin 
orderly one vpon another, doe much more lighten the readers vnderftanding, 
andconfirme his iudgement, then if they had bene ſcattered in ſundry corners of 
the worke. Which methode I obferue from the higheft North to the loweft 
South. Now where any country hath bene but feldome hanted, or any extra- 
ordinary and chiefe action occurreth, if I finde one voyage well written by two 
feuerall perfons , ſometimes I make no difficultie to fet downe both thofe jours 
nals, as finding diuers 0 of good moment obſerued in the one, which are 
quite omitted in the other. For commonly a ſouldier obſerueth one hing, and a 
mariner another, and as pans honour knoweth, Plas vident oculi, quam oc ulus. But 
this courfe I take very ſeldome and ſparingly. And albeit my worke do carry the 
title of The Englifh voyages, aſwell in regard that the greateſt part are theirs, and 
that my trauaile was chiefly vndertaken for preferuation of their memorable 
actions, yet where our owne mens experience is defectiue, there I haue bene 
careful to fupply the fame with thebeft and chiefeſt relations of ſtrangers. As in 
the diſcouery of the Grand hay, of the mighty riuer of S. Laurence, of the countries 
of Canade,Hochelaga,and Saguenay of Florida, and the Inland of Csbola,7i uex, Ci. 
clic, and Quinira,of The gulfe of California,& the Northweſterne fea-coatt to Cabo 
Mendocino and Sierra Neuada: as allo of the late & rich difcouery of 15. prouinces 
on the backſide of Florida and Virginia, the chiefeſt wherofis called the kingdome 
of New Ale xico, for the wealth, ciuil gouernment, and populouſneſſe of the ame. 
Moreouer, becauſe ſince our warres with Spaine by the taking of their ſhips, and 
facking of their cownes and cities, moft of all their fecrets of the Wef Indies and 
cuery part thereof are fallen into our peoples hands (which in former time were 
forthe moft part vnknowen vnto vs, ) Ihave vſed the vttermoſt of my beſt ende 
uouc, to get, and hauing gotten, to tranſlate outof Spaniſn, and here in this pre- 
ſent volume to publith ſuch fecrets of theirs, as may any way auaile vs or annoy 
them, if they driue and vrge vs by their fallen infolencies, tocõtinue our courfes 
of hoftilitic againft them, and ſhall ceafe to feeke a goodand Chriftian peace 
vpon indifferent and equal conditions. What theſe things be, and ofhow great 
importance your honour in part may vnderſtand, if it pleaſe you to vouchſale to 
reade the Catalogues c Steyning the 14. principal heads ofthis worke. Whereby 


your 


tinen 
chief 
extra 
goue 
of Pil 
the P 
The le 
audit 
if they 
and in 
ſuch a 
moſt! 
to hau 
by me 


Id no more 
ug ufius Ca- 
e ſame, and 
it and lear- 
ohis Weft. 
Acon in At- 
h the fame 
eciall part 
oſt perfect 
nd ſerches 
mainteine 
Kat , then 
mes Iwas 
de of time 
vnto) be- 
louble or- 
tuation of 
ne fuccef- 
1 voyages 
following 
ſtanding, 

orners o 
he loweſt 
ny extra- 
en by two 
1ofeiour= 
vhich are 
ng, and a 
Alus. But 
carry the 
eirs, and 
morable 
ue bene 
rs. As in 
ountries 
guex, Ci- 
to Cabo 
ouinces 
gdome 

1¢ fame. 
ips,and 
lies, and 

ne were 

ft ende. 
his pre- 
‘annoy 
courfes 

| peace 
great 
ſafe to 
gereby 
your 


The Epiſtle Dedicatorie 


f — 
your honor may farther perceiue that there is no chiefe riuet, no 


— 
— —E4—— 


rt, no towne, 


no citie, no prouince ofany reckoning in the /V/eſt Indies that hat not here ſome 
good deſcription thereof » afwell for the inland as the ſeaſt. coaſt. And for the 
knowledge of the true breadth of the Sea betweene Nowa Albion on the North. 
welt part of America, and the yle of Japan lying ouer againſt the kingdomes of co. 
ray and China, which vntil theſe foure yeeres was neuer reuciled vnto s, being a 
point of exceeding great conſequence, I haue here inferted the voyage of one 
Francis Gualle a Spaniard made from Acapuleo an hauen on the South ſea on the 
coaſt of New Spaine, firſt to the Philippinas,and then to the citie of Macao in chi. 
us, and homeward from Macao by the yles of lapan, and thence to the back of the 
West Indies in the Northerly latitude of 37 degrees . In which courte betweene 
the ſaid ylands and the maine he found a wide and ſpacious of en Ocean of 900. 
leagues broad, which a little more to the Northward hath bene fet out as a 
Streight, and called in moſt mappes The Streight 1 Auian. In which relation to 


the viceroy hee conſtantly affirmeth three feucral 


times, that there is a paſſage 


that way vnto the North parts of Aa. Moreouer, becauſe I perceiue by a letter 
directed by her Maieſtie to the Emperour of china (and ſent in the laſt Fleet in- 
tended for thoſe parts by The South Sea vnder the charge of Beniamin Wood,chief- 
ly fet out at the charges of fir Robert Duddeley a gentleman of excellent parts) 
that fhe vſeth her princely mediation for obtaining of freedome of traffique for 
her marchants in his dominions , for the better inftru€tion of our people in the 
ftate of thoſe countries, I haue brought to light certaine new aduertiſements of 
the late alteration ofthe mightie monarchie of the confronting yle of lapan, and 
of the ne conqueft of the kingdome of Coray, not long fince tributarie to the 


king of China, by Quabacondono the monarch of all the ylesand princedomes of 
Iapanz as alſo of the 7 artars called lezé, adioyning on the Eaſt & Northeaſt parts 
of Coray,where I thinke the beft veterance of our natural and chiefe commoditie 


of cloth is like to be, if it pleaſe God heveattertoreucile vnto vs 


the paflage thi- 


ther by the Northweſt The moſt exact and true information of the North parts 
of China | finde in an hiſtory of Famerlan,which I haue in French, fet out within 
theſe fixe yeres by the abbat of Mortimer, dedicated to the French king that now 
reigneth, who confefleth that it was long fince written in the Arabian tongue 
by one Alhacen a wiſe and valiant Captaine, employed by the ſaid mighty prince 
in all his conqueſts of the foreſaid kingdome Which hiftory I would not haue 
failed to haue tranſlated into Englith if l had not found it learnedly done vnto 


my hand. 


And for an appendix vnto the ende of my worke, I haue thought it not im per- 
tinent,to exhibite to the graue and difcreet iudgements of thofe which haue the 
chiefe places in the Admiraltie and marine cauſes of England, Certaine briefe 


extracts of the orders ofthe Contractation houſe of Sail in Spaine, 
gouernment in ſea. matters; together with The ſtreight and ſeuer 


touching their 
e examination 


of Pilots and Matters before they be admitted to take charge of thips, awell by 
the Pilot mayor, and brotherhoad of ancient Matters as by the Kings reader of 
The lecture of the art of Nuuigation, with the time that th ey be enioyned to bee his 
auditors,and for: part of the queſtions that they are to anfivere vnto. Which 
if they finde good and beneficial for our ſeamen, hope they wil gladly imbrace 
and imitate , or finding out fome fitter courfe of their owne, will ſecke to brin 

ſuch as are of that calling vnto better gouernment and more perfection in that 
moſt laudable and needfull vocation. To leaue this point, I was once minded 


to haue added to the end of thefe my labours a ſhort treatiſe, which 
by me in writing, touching The curing of hot difeafes incident to traueile 


(As) 


I haue lying 


1s in long and 


Southerne 


— — — 
——— non ere 


—— 


The Epiſtle Dedicatorie. 


——ͤ qꝗV— — — —— 


. ‘Tf 2 2 1 N TD ney 
Southerne voyages, which treatife was written in Englith, no doubt of a very ho- 


— —- . 


neſt mind, by one M George I ateſon, and dedicated vnto her facred Maieftie, But CH 
being carefull to do nothing herein raſhly, I ſhewed it to my worthipfull friend ow 
M. doclour Gilbert, a gentleman no leſſe excellent in the chiefeſt fecrets of the Ma- =f 
thematicks (as that rare iewel lately fet foorth by him in Latine doeth euidently | — 
declare) then in his one profeffion of phyſicke : who aſſured me, after hee had : 

perufed the faid treatiſe, that it was very defe@iue and vnperfect, and that it hee ! q. 
might haue leafure, which that argument would require , he would either write 3 
ſomething thereof more aduiſedl himfelfe, or would conferre with the whole tot 
Colledge ofthe Phyficions, and fet downe fome order by common conſent for {pe 
the e eee of her Maieſties ſubiects. Now as the foreſaid treatiſe touched i Trat 
the cure of diſeaſes growing in hot regions, ſo being requeſted thereunto by ber 


fome in authoritie they may adde their ac ae for the cure of difeafes inci- 
dent vnto men re in cold regions, which to good purpofe may ſerue our 
ee turnes, if they chance to proſecute the intermitted diſcouery by the 


orthweſt, whereunto !] finde diuers yo citizens at this prefent much 15 
inclined. Now becauſe long ſince I did foreſee, that my profeſſion of diuinitie, 75 one 
the care of my family, and other occafions might call and diuert me from thefe 19 Yar: 
kinde ofendeuours, I haue for thefe 3.yeeres laſt paft encouraged and furthered Be 55 
in theſe ſtudies of Cofmographie and forren hiftories, my very honeſt, induſtri- 1 
ous, and learned friend M.loun Pory, one of fj eciall {kill and extraordi- 
nary hope to performe great matters in the fame,and beneficial for the common 
wealch, ii 
Thus Sir I haue portrayed out in rude lineaments my Weſterne Atlantisor G 
America aſſuring you, that if l had bene able, Iwould haue limned her and ſet The 
her out with farre more lively and exquifite colours yet, as fhe is, I humbly de- ona 
fire youto receiue her with your wonted and accuſtomed fauour at my handes, 76 
who alwayes wil remaine moft ready and deuoted to do your honour an Poore oe 
feruice that I may; and in the meane ſeaſon will not faile vnfainedly to befeech A 
the ae to powre vpon you the beſt of his temporall bleſſings in this 
world, and after this lifeended with true and much honour, to make 


you partaker of his ioyes eternall. From London the firſt 
of September, the yeere of our Lord 


God 1 600, 82 


Your Honours moſt humble to 


be commanded, Adame. 
thirdou 

of the th 

Ricuarp Haxtvyt, Preacher. Gomara; 
The ff 


na anno 
The { 
1577. 
The tl 
in the yer 
The fi 
The ſe 
The ve 
piuneſſe, 
to difcour 
The vc 
Engronlas 


a very ho- 
neſtie. But 
full friend 
of the Ma. 
| cuidentl 
erhee had 
that it hee 
ther write 
the whole 
onſent for 
e touched 
eunto by 
sales inc i- 
ſerue our 
ry by the 
ent much 
diuinitie, 
om theſe 
furthered 
induftri- 
xtraordi- 
7ommon 


(tlantisor 
rand fer 
nbly de- 
handes, 
y poore 

eſeech 
n this 
ke 


kacher. 


The 


— — — — ee 


— 


e eee eee eee 
Se 1 Re S See 8 
e S e 
— — 
77 (b f 
Ageneral Catalogue diuided, according 
to the methode obſerued in this preſent volume, into 14. 


ſpecial branches, briefly conteyning all the Voyages, Nauigations, 
Iraffiques, and Difcoueries of the Englith nation, and ( where they haue not 
bene,or not perfectly difcoucred) of rangers, within the {aid volume intreated of,which 
haue been performed to cucry part of America hitherto knowen or diſcoueted 
by any Chriftian: whereunto are annexed in thei due and proper places, all che 
Patents difcourfes,ructicrs,letters,aduertifements,inftructionsobfer. 
uations,and other particulars incident or belonging to 
the forefaid Voyages, 


le moſt ancient voyage and diſcouery of the wef Indies performed by Ma- 
doc the ſonne of Owen Gained prince of North Wales, Anno 1 170; taken out of 
che hiltory of alen che. Pag, i. 


Ihe teſtimonies and relations immedi 
vpon this voyage. 

He ver fos of Meredith the ſonne of Rheſus making mention of Madoc the fonne of Owen 
TG of his Nautgation unto unknowen lands, pag.. 
The offer of the difconery of the Weft Indies by Chriftopher Columbus to K,Henry the 7. Fee 
bruary the 13, Anno 1488; with the Kings acceptance of the faid offer. pag. 2 
Another teſtimony concerning the foreſaid offer made by Bartholomew Columbus to K. Hen. 

ry the ſeuench, on the bebalfe of his brother Chriftopher Columbus, pag. s. & te 


atly enſuing 


Acatalogue of the Englith voyages vndertaken for the fin. 
ding of a Nerthweſt paſſage, tothe North parts of Ai er ica, to 


Meta incig nita, and the backe ide of Groenland,as farre 
as 72, degrees, and 12. minutes. 


N He voyage of Sebastian Cabota io the North part of America, for the difcouery of 
5 a Northiweſt paſſage, as fatre as 58. degrees of latitude, and from thence back againe 
* 8 all along the coalt, till he fel’ with ſome part of Florida anno 1497; confirmed by 6. 
sd A¥ tellimonies: The firſt taken out of che mappe of Scbaſtian Cabota cut by Clement 
Adames; the ſecond vied by Galeacius Butrigarius the Popes legate, and reported by him; the 
third out of the preface of Baptifta Ramuſius be fore his third volume of Nauigations; the 4. out 
of the thirde decade of Peter Martyr al Angleria; the . out of the general hiſtory of Lopez de 
Gomara; and the 6. out of Fabrans chronicle, pag.6.7,8,and 9, 
The firftvoyage of M. Martin Frobi(ber to the Northwelt for the fearch of a paſſage to Chi- 
na anno 1576, n pag. 29. & SF, 
The ſecond voyage of M. Martin Frobifher tothe Welt and Notthweſt regions, in the yeere 
1577. pag. 32. and 60, 
The chird anꝗ laſt voyage of M. Martin Frobifber for the diſcouery of a Northwelt paflage, 
in the yete 1578. f Pag. 3 p. and 74. 
The firſt voyage of M. John Dawis forthe difcouery ofa Northmeſt paſſage, 1585. pag. 98. 
The fecond voyage of M John Dawis for the diſcouery ofthe Vorthmeſtpaſſ / 5 86, pag. 103. 
The voyage and courſe which the Sunfhine a barke of yo, tunnes, & the Northfarre almall 


biuneſſe, bein; 2. yeſſels of the Fleete of M. John Danis, held, after hee had ſent them from him 


to diſcouer a paſſage betweene Groenlandand Ueland, 1587. pag. 111 
Ihe voyage of M. Nicolas Zeno and M. e Anthony hi brother, to the yles of Frifland, /fland, 
Engronland,éstotiland, Drogeo,and Icaria, begun in the yecre 13 80, pag. 121. 


A 4) The 


— 


The catalogue of che voyages, &c. 


. 
The patents, letters, diſcourſes obſeruations, and dependences vpon 
the Northweſtern voyages next before mentioned. 


oe He letters patents of K. l enry the . granted onto lohn Cabot and 615. ſonues, 
J tian, and ancius. for the d ſcouery of new and unknowen lands, Anno 14 97. 


7 he fignedbiltof K. Henry the 7. on the behalfe of Iohn Cabot. pag. r. & G 
cA hrieſecutract concerning the difconery of N ewfoundland, pag 
The large penfion granted YK. Edward the 6,to Sebaſtian Cabota,comfitmting him Gran 

lote of England, Anno 149. 


A diſconrſe written oy tit Humfiey Gilbert kuight, 
taya, and the Ealt Indies, 
Experiences and reafons of the Sphere to proone all partsof 
confute the poſſtion of the fine Zones, 
ed letter of Af, Martin Frobither ro certaine En 
Salwages of Meta incognita in hes firf voyage, 
earticles and orders preſoribed by Al. Martin Frobither to th 
Ip, which accompanted him in his last Northweftern voyage, 
ed generalland briefe defcription of the country and condition of the people, which are fa 
Meta incognita. 
The letters patentsather Maiesty 
difconery of a Northnest paffage to China, 
eA letter of A. I. Dauis to A. Wil. Sanderſon of Lond 


eae Pa. 
ö on, concerning his fecond voyage. p. o & 
e letter of AZ Iohn Dauis to A4,Wil.Sanderfon of London 


ed traner{e-booke of M.John Dauis Contayni 

his third and laf voyage tothe Northveff, 
ef report of M. Iohn Dauis concerning his three v 

8 hydrographical deſcription. 


A taſtimonp of Ortelius for the credit of the hiftory of M. Nicolas, 


A catalogue of fundry voyages made to Newfoundlan 


of Ramea and the ifleof Affumption otherwiſe called Natifcotec, 
asalfo tothe coaſts of Cape Britonand Arambec 


y of the North parts 


r lle voyage oftwo ſhips, whereofthe one was called The Dominus dobi cum, fee 
= oyag p 5 
3 15 8 out the 20 of May 15 27, for the difcouer 
G ‘ [ey 


The voyage of M. Here, and diuers ot 
Priton, in the yere 1536. 


The voyage of Sir Humfrey Gilbert to Newfoundland An. 1 


Ranillon && grandpre, with the ſhip called The Bonanenture, to kill and make trane 
beaſts called The Morſet, with great teeth, Anno 1 591. 


pag. 189 
The voyage of the ſhipcalled The Mari golde of M. Hill of Redriffe, ynto Cape Briton and 
beyond,to the latitude of 44 degrees anda halfe, 


The voyage of The Grace of Briſtoll, y 
Newfoundland, as far as the ifle of Aſumption or Natifcorec, Anno 1 594. pag. 194 
The voyage of M. Charles Leigb, and diuers others, to Cape Briton and the iſle of Ramea, 


pag. 195 
The patents, difcourfes,letters,aduertifements,and other obſeruations 
incident tothe voyages vnto Newfoundland next before rehearſed. 
N ail Againſt the exaffn of money or any other thy 

to Newfoundland and Iſeland, made 5 
A liter writtento M. Richard Hakluyt of the Midle Temple, contayning a report of the true 
State and commodities of Newfoundland, 45 M. Antony Parkhurft, 1 578. Pag. 153 
The letters Patents granted by her Maiestie to fir Humfrey Gilbert hesohs Sor inteabiting [ome 
part of America 1-59. : pag. 15 
A learned and lately Poeme written in Latine Hexamiters h Stephanus Parmenius Budeius, 
concerning the voyage of fr Humfte y Gilbert 7e N ewfound. land or the planting of an Engliſu co- 


lonie 


Lewis,Seba. 
PAL sd 


A pin 
Pag. 

o proue apafjage by the Miihe] 70 Ca 
Pag. 11 

theworlde habitable 24nd thereby to 


Lag. 

gliſumen, which were trec herouſſy taken by the 
pag. 70 

e Captaines and company of enery 
pag. v 
unde in 


8 750 95 
grauued to M. Adrian Gilbert and others for the fearch and 


pag. 1 5 
Mages made for the difconery of the Northwejg 
pafagesaken ont of a treatt/e of his intituled The world 0 


Pag. 119 
M. Antonio Zeni, P. 72 F. 


d, to the iſles 


8 pag. 129 
her gentlemen to Newfoundland,and Cape 

pag. 129 
9 583. pag. 143,165 
The fir ft dilcouery of theifle of Ramea, made by for Monfieur dela court pre 


oile of the 


Ameri 
Al 
Christ — 
Coneries 
A le 
chant,ai 
Ccomerie | 
A let 
honourat 
America 
A brit 

ten by mi 
Artiel 
marchant 
America, 
A leite 
England, 
mea /e / 
A brief 
Certain 
bis voyage 


# 

5 
2 
7 
3 


Anno 1540. 
he voya 
countries of 


D Tuer s nor 
and 2; 
A deſoripiie 


A deſenptic 
A Letter wr. 


— 


— 
es vpon 


„Lewis, Seba- 
PAL 4. 
Pag. . & G 
pag. /o 

him Grand pia 
Pag. io 

z hire to Ca- 
ag. 11 


0 


ind there by to 
Pages $ 
y taken by the 
pag. vo 
pany of cuery 
49. 75 
are 0 in 
pag. og 
e ſcarch and 
PA. oc 
Vage. p. L o & 
age. p. 7 7 
ont talen in 
Pag.. ‘Ss 
' Northwe/g 
pag. 779 
ni. P. 128. 


he ifles 


cum, ſet 
ag. 129 
ie Cape 
pag. 129 
143,165 
court pre 
le ofthe 
bag. 189 
iton and 
ag. 191 
ag. 19 
we of 
ag.194 
Vnea, 
ag. 195 
8 


que in- 
0.73. 
he true 
G1 33 
. fome 
9.157 
deius, 
b Com 
lonie 


lonie there, cont, uning allo a brief remembrance of certaine 
fea 


Orders agreed Upon ly the Cuptainesand Matters, to hee obferned by the *fleete 
Gilbert. . 


A bricfe relation of Newfound. an 


The catalogue ofthe voyages, &c. 


of our principal English captainet by 


PAg. / 
of fir Humfrey 


pag. 147 
: d,end the commodities thereof, pag. 42 
8 Kechoningsof the Mailer and Masters mate of the Admiral of fir Humſte y Gilbert 7 sheip 
a courſe from cape Rafe to cape hriton, and to the lſle of Sablon, pag.r ss 
The maner how the Saya Admiralimas 22 pag., 7d 
Aletter of the learned Hungarian Stephanus Parmeniys Budeius to mafter Richard Hak uyt 
the collettour of the ſe voyages, Pag. /G. 616.2 

A relation of Richard Clarke of Weymouth maffero 


5 ofthe hip called The Del ight, which mene 
85 as Admtrallof fir Humfrey Gilberts fleete for the difconerte of N orumbega 7583 + nritten in ex- 
bs cnfe of the cafting away the fayd hip andthe men imputed to his ouer fight, pag. / , 
fy A diſcourſe ofthe neceffitie and commoditie of planting E glib colonies d pon the North partes of 
America, a0. by 
A letter of the right honourable /r Francis Walſin gham to maitey Richard Hak! meee of 
Christchurch in Oxtord » incouraging him in the ftudte ( ofmography and furthering of new dif 
Coneries, I . f fag. 

A letter of the right honourable fir Francis Walſingham 79 maſter Thomas Aldworth mar 
chant,and at that time Mayor of the citie of Briftol concerning their aduenture in the Weflerne diſe 
couerie 1582, pag.1S2 
Of the citie of Briſtol » tothe right 

2 & 4 voyage intended for the Aifcoucrie of the coast of 
America Hing to the Southweff of ca pe Briton 7 583, pag. v C 

Abrieſe aud ſu marie difcourfe pon a Voyage intendedio the hithermoft parts of Amer 
ten by master Chriftopher Carlile / SEP. 

Articles fer downe by the committie, Moſcouian 
marchants, to conferro wit intended difconery of the bithermof} partes of 
America, 


ar IES 

A letter fent tothe right honourable fr William Cecil Lord Burghley , Lord high 1 of 

England gc. fiom maſter Thomas Taines of Briftol concerning the difconerre o ifthe Ile of Ra- 

mea //. 5 Pag. 19 f 
A briefe note of the Mory dof the vfe thereof. pag. 79. 
Certaine obferuations touching the countries and places 


5 
where maſter Charles Lei ghtonchedin 
bis age to cape Briton aud tothe dite of Ramea anno / S970 pag. 20 


Pag. 1 C2 


Acatalogue of certaine voyages made for the diſcoue 
of the gulfe of Saing Laurence to the We 
land, and from th 


He firſt voyage of Iaques Cartier of Saint Malo, 
Saint Laurence, and the Grand Ba 


he fecond voyage of laques Carti 
Hochelaga,Anno 1 535. 


The third voyage of laques Cartier vnto the countries of Canada, Hoche 
Anno 1540, 


The voyage of John Francis dela Roche kni ghr, 
Countries of Canada, Hochelaga,and Saguenay,1 54.2, pag.240 


Certaine notes and obſeruations depending vpon the voyages next 
crore mentioned, together with an excellent Ruttier forfome part of 
Newfoundland, for The grandbay, and the Riuer of Canade 


22 luer: words of the language ſpoben in New France, with the interpretation thereof, Pag. 217. 
and 231, 


A defeription of the riner and hauen of Saincte Croix. ag. 234 
Aſerption of the 3 faults or falles of water in the riner of Canada, pag.235 
T letter written to M. Iohn Groute dent in Paris bylaques Noel aint Malo the nephew 


of 


pag. 212 
laga, and Saguenay, 

pag. 232 
lord of Roberual, with three tall fhips tothe 


— — — — — — 


The Catalogue of 


of laques C artier, touching the difconerte of bis uncle in the partes of Canada 1 587. p4g.236 
Part of another letter written by laques Noel of Saint Malo 0 the ‘forefayde M. Iohu Groute 
ſludent in Paris. pag. 256 
An excellent ruttier ſeming the courſa from Belle ifle, Carpont, and the Grand bay, wp the ria 
wer of Canada for the [pace of 230 leagues, ob ſerued 4 lohn A! phonte of Xanctoi gne, chiefe pi. 
loteto Monſieur Roberual, 54.2, pag. 237 
A defcription of the Saluages in Canada. 745.272 


A catalogue of the voyages and nauigations of the Englifh 


nation to Virginia,and of the ſeuerall diſcoueries thereof, chiefly 

at the charges of the honourable (ir alter Ralegh knight. 
ae firſt voyage made to the coaſt of Din ginia by Ad. Philip Amad u, and A. Arbus 
best ie Barlow, 15 84. pag. 246 
roc fecond voyage made to Virginia by fir Richard Grinuilg for Git Walter Ra- 
Fe. legh, Anno 1585: at what time the firſt colonie of Engliſli was there left vnder the 


gouernment of M. Kalſe Lane, now kni ght. i pag. 251 
Thethird voyage to Virginia made by a fhip ſent in the yeere 1586. ſor the teliefe of the co- 
lonie planted in Virginia, at the ſole ch arges of fir Valter Ralegh, pag. 265 


The fourth voyage made to Virginia with 3. hips, Anno 1 587. wherein was trautpotted 
the ſecond colonie. . pag. 280 
The fifth voyage to Virginia made by matter Jahn white in the yeere 1590. pog. 288 


The letters patents, diſcourſes, obſeruations, and aduertiſements 
belonging to the fore ſaid voyages made vnto Virginia. 
He letters patents granted by the Queenes Maieſtie to fir Walter Ralegh, for the difconering, 
ge planting of new lands and countries, Anno 158.4. pag. 245 
The names o thofe,afivell gentlemen as others, that remained one whole Jeere in Virginia, under 
the gouernment of M Ral ph Lane. pag. 2 r 
An extract of M. Ralph Lanes letter to M. Richard Hakluyt eſquire, and another Gentleman of 
the middle Temple from Vit ginia 756i. Pag. 2.5 
Anaccoum of the particular employments of the Englifomen left in Virginia by S. Richard Grine 
uile vnder M. Ral ph Lane their generall, from the 1 7. f Auguſt 1585. vntillihe 15. of lune 1586, 
at which time they departed the countrey. pag. 27 
A briefe and true report ocihe commodities afwellmarchantable as others, which are tobe found 
andraifed in the countrey of irginia, written by M. Thomas Harriot: together with Malter Ral ph 
Lane his approbation thereof in allpoints, pag. 26 
A deſeription of the nature and maners of the people of Virginia, pag. 276 
The namen of allthe men, women, and children which {afely arrined in Virginia, aud remayned to 
inhabite there Auno 15 Sy. pag. 2 by 
A letter of M. lohn White to M. Richard Hakluyt written in February 159 f. Pag. 2 


9 §7 
A catalogue of certaine voyages to the coaft and 
inland of Florida. 
fle voyage of lohn de Verrazzanoa Florentine to the coaſt of Florida, failing from 


2 8 Sor thence Northerly to the latitude of 5o.degrees, Anno 1524, Pag.295 
(Ca ») The voyage of captaine John Ribault to Florida. 1562. ag. 308 


pag 
Thevoiage ofcaptaine René Landonniere to Elorida l 564 where he fortified and 
inhabited two Summers, and one whole winter, Pag.319 
A ſecond voyage of cantaine John Ribault to Florida 1565. pag. 24 
The voyage ofcaptaine Dominique Gourgues to Florida l 567. where he moſt valiantly, iuft- 
ly,and ſharpely reuenged the bloody and inhumane maſſicre committed bythe Spaniards vp- 
on his countreymen, in the yeere 1565. pag. 3 56 
Diuers particulars worthy the conſideration, intermingled 
among the voyages of Florida. 

A WV Epiftle Dedicatorie to fir Walter Ralegh, prefixed by maſter Richard Hakluyt before the 
hiftory of Florida,which he tranflated ont of French 1587, pag. go. 

The Preface of maſter René Laudonniete before the fayd Hiſtorie. pagzoz 
Adeferiptionof the Welt Indies ix Seneral,but more chiefy & particularly of Florida, pag. 304 

: : An 


B 

th; 
Alarche 
Ane: 
1539, be 
A let 
tonio de 


A Lets 
Charles; 
A tefi 
foeepe,ans 
A leite 
Francis H 
and Vera 
leagues Ni 


Certeir 


The coh 
tonio de Me. 
leagues vpt 

The voy: 
backfide of 
backe again 
himfeife on! 
of on the bet 

The mem 

appointment 
to the iſlands 


pag. 2s 
. Iohu Groute 

pag. 236 
bay, up the ria 
zue, cheſe Pi- 

Pag. 237 

Pag · æ u 
ngliſh 
iefly 


nd M. Arthur 
pag. 246 
fit Malier Ra- 
left vnder the 
pag. 251 
icfe of the co- 
pag. 265 
s trauſpotted 
pag. 2 80 


pog. 288 
nts 


e dlſcoue ring, 
Pag. ægd 
rginia, ander 
pag. 2 f 
Gentleman of 
Pag. 25. ＋ 
ichard Grin- 
of lune 1586. 
pag. 255 
re tobe found 
laſter Ralph 
. 26% 
Pag. 276 
lremayned to 
Pag. 2 H 
Pag. 269 


failing from 
pag. 295 
pag.308 
ortified and 
pag. 3 19 
pg. 249 
liantly, iuft- 
aniards vp- 
pags} 56 


before the 
Pag. zoe 
Pag OF 
Pag · 34 
An 


An oration of captaine lohn Ribault to his company, 


49.412 
An oration of Laudonniere to bes mutinous fouldsers, 1 7 a 6 
A letter of the lord admirallof France unto M, Laudonniere, Pag.gse 
Tie relation of Pedro Morales 4 Spaniard, whom fir Francis Drake brought from S. Auguſtines 
in Florida, ſouching the ſlarę of thofe parts, pag. 26, 
i The relation of Nicolas Burgoignon, alias Holy, whom fir Francis Drake brought alſo from S. 
j Auguſtines. 54g. 6. 


A catalogue of certeine voyages made from Nueug Galicia and 
Nueua Biſcaya in New Spaine to the 15 prouinces of 


New Mexico,and to c lola, and Quiuira. 
J He voyage of fier Afarcode Nica from the towne of, S. Michael 
Si 5 Culiacan, to the kingdome of Cewolaor Cibola,Gtuate about 30 deo 
Oe Wg to the Noith of Vaeua i ſpanna, 


8 


2154 Pag. 373, & 3 80 

Mexico, begun in the yeere 
; pag. 383, & 389 

in Nueus Galicia to the 

1582. pag. 3 83,8 300 

pon the former voyages 

Cibola ane 24 55 y as 


A Briefe difcourfe of the famous cofmographer A. Iohn Ba 
three voyages of frier Marco de Niga, Francis Vafquez de Coronado,and that of Fernando 
Alarchon, c&c. Pag. 362 
As extract ofa letter C. Francis Vat quez de Coronado, written fro Culiacan thes of March 
1539. %% 4 fecretary of Don Antonio de Mendoga the viceroy of Nueua Efpanna, pag. 3.2 
Aletter of the fayd Francis Va {quez de Coronado Coder nous of Nueua Galicia o Don An- 
tonio de Mendoca the viceroy of N 


ueua Efpanna, written from Culiacan the ¢ of March, / 740. 


. 6. 
emperour 
Pag 364 
the great 
pag.308 
7$90, te 
fortsin d. Iuan de VIlua, 
ola or Ne Mexico 9400 


p4g.396 


ptiſta Ramuſius, concerning the 


A letter written by Don Antonio de Mendoca vicer 
Charles the ff, 


oy of Nueua Efpanna to the 
A teftimony of Francis Lopez de Gomara, concerning the range crook-backed oxen, 
foeepe,and the mighty dogs of Quiuira. 

A letter intercepted of Bartholomew del Cano, written from Mexico the 30 of May 
Francis Hernandez of Siuil , concerning the ſpeedy building of two ſtron 


and Vera Cruz,as alfo touching the notable new and rich difcouery of Ci 
leagues Northweft o Mexico, 


51539. p.3 97 
Alarchon, made bythe order of the R. H. D 


on Ana 
e very bottome of the gulfe of California, and 8 5 
riuer of Buena Guia, begun t 
The voyage and courſe which ſir Francis Drake 


he g of Ma 1540. ag. 425 
held 8 hauen of — othe 
ide of Nueus E panna, to the Northweſt of ¶ ulffornia, as far as 43 degrees, & from thence 
againe to 38 degrees, where in 3 good harbour he graued his thippe, entrenched 
fe on land, called the countrey by the name of Nona Albion and tooke poſſeſſion there- 
of on the behalfe of her Maieſtie. 


he memorable voyage of Francis Gua 


the 


The catalogue of the voyages, &c, a 


— — — — 
—— - 


The Catalogue of the voyages, &c. 


the hauen of Macao in China; atid from Macao by the Legueos, the ifles of lapan, and other 
iſles to the Eaſt of Japan, and like wiſe by the Nofthueſt part of America in 37 degrees anc! 
backe againe to Acapulco, begun the 10 of March 1 582, & ended i 584. Out ofwhich voy- 
age, beſides great probabilities ot a North, Northweſt, or Northeaft paflage, may euide ntly be 
gathered, that the ſea betueene lapan and America is by many hundred leagues broader, and 
the land bet weene Cape Mendocmo and Cape California, is many hundred leagues narrower, 
then we finde them to bein the ordinary mapsand relations Pag.442 
An extratt of a Spanifh letter written from Pueblo de los Angeles in Nueua Eſpanna in Oc io. 
ber 1597, touching the difconery of the rich sflands of California » being diſtant cig bt dayes fatling 
from the maine, 24g. 45 


A catalogue of diuers voyages made by Engliſh men to the fa- 


mous city of Aexico, and to allor moſt part of the other principall pro- 
uinces, cities, townes, and places thorowout the great and large king- 
dome of New Spaine, eue nas fare as Nicaragna and Pa- 
nama , and from thence to Peri, &c, 


He voyage of Robert Tom/on merchant into New Spaine in the yere 155 5. pa. 447 
ey } The voyage of M. ‘Roger Bodenham to Sant Juan de Ulluainthe bay of Mexi- 
4 ow co, and from thenceto the city of Mexico, Annoy 564, pag. 447 
Pa The memorable voyage of M. ohn Chilton to all the principall parts of Muna 
Eſpanna, and to diuers places in Per, begun from Cadiz in Andaluxia, in March i 568. pa. 455 
The voyage of Henrie Harks merchant to Nuena Eſpanna (in which countrey he trauelled 

for the {pace of fiue yeres, and obſerued many notablethings) writtenat the requeſt of M. i- 
chard Hakluyt of Eyton in the county of Hereford eſquire, 1 572. pag. 462 
The voyage of Adsles Philips one of the company put on fhore by fir John Hawkins, 1568, a 
little to the North of Panuco; from whence he trauelled to Mextco, and afterward to fundry 
other places, hauing temained in the countrey 15 or 16 yeeres together, & noted many things 
moſt worthy the obſeruation. pag. 469 
The trauels of Job Horrop fet on land by fir John Hawkins 1 586 in the bay of Mexico, ſome- 
what to the North of Pauuco before mentioned. pag 487 


Axelation of the hauen of Tecuanapa, a moft couuenient place for building of (hips, fituate upon 
the South fea not fam: from Nicara gua, pag. 


A catalogue of the principal Englifh voyages to all the ifles called 
Las Antillus, and to the foure gre a er iſlands of Sant Juande Puerto rico, Hiſpaniola, 
and cuba, and Northward thorow the Lucayos: as alſo along the coaſts of Tierra firma, Nombre de 

l dios, Veragua, the Honduras, the coaſt of Iucatan, to the port of Sant 


5 e voyage of fir Thomas pert, and Sebaftian Cabot in the yere 1516, to Braſil, Santo 
aA 7 


pag. 48 
ca) l The voyage of Thomas Tifon an Englith man to the we? Indies before the yere 
526 pag. 5 oo 
netimes 


ag. oo 
The ſecond voyage made by the R. W. fir John Hawkins knight with the Jeſus of Lobe one 


ö 2g. oi 

The third troublefome voyage of the right worſhipfull fir Ion Hawkins with ‘Hy ‘el of 
f Tierra firma, 
ag. 521 


P 
The firſt voyage attempted and fet foorth by the valiant and expert captaine M. Fravcis 


Drake, with a ſhipcalled The Dragon, and another ſhip & a pinneſſe, to Nombre de Dios and 


old : : Pages 25 
‘he voyage of lohn Oxvam of Plimmouth to the welt ludia, and ouer the ſtreight of Datiene 

pag. 5 26 
The voyage of M. eAndvew Barker of Briffoll with two thippes, the one called The Ragged 
aff, and theother The Beare, to the coaſt Of Tierra firma,and the bay ofthe Honduras in the 


Welt 


& 


cities 
rida, i 


tan de li 
that eſe 
ſoundlas 
The 
turue he 
thelzes. 
They 
in Marcl 
and part 
The lz 
on the yl. 
knights c 
The ve 
ra firma, t 
by Newf. 
The vo 
caualos, & 


Tl 


Tae 
ching 
n Lisbon, 
Arefal 
morable vo 
uen at Cart 
Area. 
bours, forts, 
our in thofe | 
Twelue | 
Nueua Efp: 
Wats, dif 
the trade to 
The inter 
bert Dudde 
ed Lol E 
king of Spain 
4 confutation 
An excel 
ſpanna. 


? 
5 


, 


N | The catalogue of the voyages, &c. 
7%%õͤãͤ ĩ 


—— 2 

pan, and other Wot Indies, eAnno 1576. 5 pag. 328 
7 degrees and! The famous expedition of fir Frances Drake to the Weft Indies, Wherein were taken the 
it ofwhich voy- ‘ cities of faint lago, ſaint Domingo, Cartagena, with the Fort andtowne of ſaint Anguftinin Flo. 
ay curdc ntly be 1 réda,in the yeers 1585, and 1586. 


Pag.s 
2S broader, and ; The voyage of William Michelfon and Milliam Mace of Ratcliffe, maſter ofa thip called The 


gues narrower, Dog, made to the bay of Mexico, anno i 589. f pag. 357 

pag. 442 a The voyage and valiant fight of The Content, a ſhip of the right honourable fit George Ca. 
ſpanna in Odlo. r knight, L. Hunſdon, L. Chamberlaine, Captaine of the honourable band of her Maicties 
ght dayes fatling PDPenſionets, and Gouernour of the Iſle of Wight,&ois5o1, pag. 555 

pag. 45 1 The voyage of M.Cbriftopher Newport with a fleete of 3, thi ps and aPinneffe tothe lies of 

. Dominica, Saint Inan de puerto rico, Hiſbaniola, and to ihe Bay ofthe Handuras, begun in Tanu~ 

to the fa- 41407. ge 
pall pro- The voyage of M. illam king Capta“ ze (VI. Moore, M. Eon, de M. Bor eman being owners) 
ing- in the Salomon of 200. tunnes 


and the Lane Bonauenture of .tunnes, ſet foorth from Ratcliffe 


1592. 


pag. 5 70 
The voyage of Henry May one of M.James Lancafter his company, in his nauigation A chia 
aft Indies 15 l, & 1592: who in his returne with 


1555. pa. 447 


s 14. & Hifpantola,was about Gape Tiburon taken into a French ſſip vnder tlie conduct of Capi 
bay of Meri. tan de la barbotiere,which ſhip was caſt away vp the yles of Bermudas where all the com any 
P28, 447 that eſcaped drowning remained for certain moneths, built themſelues a barke, ſailed to News 
parts 70 NMueua ſoundl and, and ſo home 7795. i pag. 573. & 574 
568. pa. 455 The voyage ofſir Robert Duddeley to the yle of Trinidad and the coaſt of Paria: with his rc- 
y he trauelied turne homeward by the yles of Granata,Santa Crux, Sant Inan de puerto rico, Mona, Zacheo,the 
lueſt of . Ki- ſholdes called Abre ojos, and the yleof Bermuda. Anno 1 g 1 796. pag. 574 
pag. 462 The voyage of fir Amias Preſton and Captaine George Sommers to the Welt Indies, begun 
0 i 6 0 4 in March 1595: wherein diuers ylands, cities, townes, and torts were Part taken and ranſomed, 
15555 thin 1 and pare bumed, 5 . Pes · 578 
The laſt voyage of fir Francis Drake 8 fit lohn Hawkins, intended for fomef, pecial feruices 
Peg. 469 on the ylands and maine of the Weft Indies, Anno 1595. In which voyage both the forefaide 
fexico, lome- knights died by ficknes, pag. 183 
pag 487 The voyage of ſit Antony Sherley to S. Iago. Dominica, Margarita, slong the coaſtof Tier- 
2, fitwate epon raf ma, to the yle of Jamaica,the bay of the Honduras, o. leagues vp Reo dolce, and homeward 
Pag. c= by Newfoundland, 1596, pag.598 
les called The voyage of M. William Parker of Plimmouth to Margarita, Iamaica, Trnxillo, Puerto de 
; eu : 
la lameaica, caualos, & c. with his furprize of Campeche, the chiefetowne of, Incatan, An. 1596, 7 97+ poz 
mire de The diſcourſes, letters, intelligences, obſeruations, and principall 
ruttiers belonging to the voyages next before mentioned. 
Braſil, Santo Wi ris opinion of Don Aluato Bacan marquesofSantaCruz, and bigh admirall ofSpaine, toma 
pag.498 ching the fleet of (ir Francis Drake Hing at the ifles of Bayona on the coast of Galiciawrittes 
fore the yere sn Lisbon the 26 of Offober 1 58 after the account of Spaine, pag. 432 
pag. 500 Areſolution of the princspall land. captaines, which accompanied fir Francis Drake n his me 
fometines morable voyage tothe Welt Indies, 1 5853 what Covrfe they thought mof expedient to be talen. Gia 
pag. o ven ar Cartagena the 7 of February 1585, pag. as 
Tubes, one AL relation of the ſurueying, new building sfinifbing, making, and mend, of certeine ports, har. 
mthenceto bonrs, forts and cities in the Welt Indies written ij Baptiſta Antonio the kes of Spaincs ſuracy- 
le cape of S. our inthofe parts 1587. pag. 2a 
pag. oi Twelue Spaniſb letters written from diners ‘places of the iflands and of the maine land, afwello 
i the Jeſas of Nucua Efpanna, asof Tierra firma and Peri, » tatercepted by the {hips of the worfbipfull M. Iohn 
‘terra firma, Wats, difelfing many fecrets touching the aforefayd conntreys, and the fiate of the South fea and 
pag. 521 - tbe trade to the Phil Ippinas, . Ip. and the pages following, 
M. Frances The interpretation of cevteine words of the language of Trinidad annexed to the voyage of fir Ro- 
1e Dios and bert Duddeley. 5 pag. 777 
pag. 525 A bell of Spanifh lies written ly Don Bernaldino delgadillo de * Auellaneda, general of the ole 
oF Dabiene king of Spaines armada, concerning fome part of the lat voyage of fir Francis Drake ; together with 
pag. 526 aconfutation thereof py M. Nenry Sauile, &. ö Ng. 591, & 593. 
he Ra ed As excellent ruttier far the iflands of the Weſt Indies, and for Tierra ſuma, and Nueus E- 
luras in the ſpanna. a pag. sog 
Wel? Sal 


An 


—— 


The Catalo, 


gue of the voyages, &c. 


eA principal ruttier Conteining most particular divetlions to 1700 


2ia,by the Canaries, be Antillas, aud the other greater Iles tie 


ard of them io Saint Iuan de VI 
lua in Nueua Eſpanna. 


‘ 1 
om Saint Lucar i Andalu- 


— 


Aae , A 

A declaration of the Capes and Iflands afwellof Madera, the Canaries, and The welt Indies, 
ofthe Acores, andthe Iles of Cabo Verde. „e, 2 
A declaration of the longitudes or Wefterne and Eafterne diflances Fom Spaine t New Spaine Loi 
in America, ana fiom thence backe againe to Spaine. pag.626 
° : J 125 a ten fri 
A catalogue of certaine yoyages made for the diſcouery of the Funde 
large, rich, and beautiful] empire of Oliaua, by fit Malter Ra- tunes 
legb, and others at his charges and appointment. a A. 
He voyage of fit walter Ralegh himſelfe to the Iſle of Trinidad, where he tooke the the n 
Citic of Saint Iaſepho, and Don Aytonio ds Berreothe captaine thereof: from whence 7ſt ef 
with a barge and certaine boates he paſſed vp the bay of Ouanipa, the riuer of Aman 4 
wa one of the mouths ofthe great Orenoque,the maine riuer of Orenogue it felfe, and the coal 
other riuers, for the {pace of qoo, miles: and in his returne home ward facked & urnt the town lah 
of Camani 1595, pag. 631 Lale 
The fecond voyage to Guiana performed and written in the yeere 1 596, by Laurence Kg- Are 

mis gentleman, 


ag. 672 
The 3. voyage fet forth by fir Walter Ralegh to Guiana with a pinneſſe called The nas begin 
in the yere 1396. ritten by N. Tm Maſbam a 


pag. 6a 
The Epiftles, Diſcourſes, Intercepted letters, Obſeruatio 


ns,and Intelligen- 
ces, preceding and depending vpon the voyages to Guiana, 


He Epiftle Dedicatorie of fr Walter Ralegh tothe right honowrable the L. Charles Howard 
Tee of the Garter, &c. and fr Robert Cecil, Conncellour Cre. 


Pag. 629 
The 5 of fir Walter Ralegh to the reader, 


4g. d. 29 

As aduerti ſement to the Reader Concerning certains letters of the Spaniards e at 
Sea. pag. c.: 
Foure ſeuerællteſtinonies concerning the rich Empire oft Guiana, called by the Spaniards, El Nuo- 

uo Dorado, collettedout certains Spanifo letters taken at feaby Captaine George Popham anno 
45940 : 663 
Foure perſonall reports of certain Spaniards and of a Frenchman, concerning EIN dope, 
rado, O63, aud 666 
The Epiſtis of maſter Laurence Keymis to the reader, pag. so 

De Guianz carmen Epicum. 


ö . i pag.668 
A table of the names of the riners,nations,townes, and Caciques or Captaines, which were alſcoue- 
redin the voyage of Al. Laurence Keymis before mentioned, 


4g. 6 
eA catalogue of the names of thofe worthy Spaniards that Fane fought to diſcouer ee 


dez deEncigz, 


x fi ji father vnto fit John Hawking 
by t0 Brafil Anne $30 


ag. 700 
The ſecond voyage of M.avllam Hawkins to Brafil,r 532. big vey 
The voyage of M. Robert Rewiger & M. h. Borg to Zraſe in the yere 1540. P. ot 
The voyage of one Pudſep to Bayain Braſi 1542. ö 


pag. 7or 

The voyage of M.Stephan Hare in the Minion of London to Brafil amo 15 80. — 
he proſperous voyage of Maſter Jame; Lancafter to the towne of Fernambuckin Brafil, 

11 hol pag.708 


The 


Rutt 
J A Ba 


it han toe: 


onthe cont 
thatbefell, dt 
The voya f 

fir Francit Dp 
faid Streight. 
The voyag 

for China, bu 
tude: beguan 
The yoyag, 
withtwo tal fh 
performed one 
The profper 
the circumfere: 


he voyage 
M. Par Wheele 


,« 


— The rer dour ngen: obferuations,and ruttiers, 
N an epending vpon the voyages to Brafil 
eg. . e written to M. H ichard Staper zy Iohn Whithal from Santos in Bra(il,the 26.0f lune, 
he welt Indies, as poe 157% Pag. v7. 
„ Page , A letter of the aduenturers fer Braſil fent to ohn Whithal dwelling at Sa ntos,3 “be Minion 
ne #NewSpaine London, dated the 2. , Ollober 1520, 1. o 
Pag. sa eAn intercepted letter of Francis Suarez toby; brother Dieoo Suarez dwelling in Lisbo norite 
meet A ten from the riner of leneto in Braſil in Zune 1 596, concerning an exceeding rich trade ner} bos 
ier of the gunne betweene that place and peru by theway of the riner of Plate, wsth final barkes of 30.0 40, 
Na- tunnes, 49.906 
_ An intercepted letter written from Feliciano Cieca de Carualho the gonernour of Paraiua 
ere he tooke the inthe mot? Northren part of Brafil 1597. 10 Philip the ſecond King of Spaine concerning the con- 
of: from whence 7 / Rio gunde, ke. 
1¢ riuer of Ama. A eau no 


Pag. od 
le concerning the currents of the Ca betweene ibe C. B 
the cou of Brag, fe © Cape of Buena Efperanca, and 
An excellent ruttier defers 


ving the e tobe kept from Cabo verde to the coast 1 
all along the [aid coast from Fern ambuck to 


oque it felfe, and 
e burnt the town 


ee of Braſil and 
5 b a ¢ riner of Plate. “71 
„La 1 15 25 : eA ratter fromthe riuer of Plate tothe Streights of Magellan. 7 
ag. 672 : 
The wee, Becta A noteoftwo voyages of Englifhmen into 
pag. 692 the Riuer of Plate. 
Intelligen · Voyage of two Engliſhmen to the riuer of Plate in the company of Sebaffian Ca. 
ola, ray. pag. 726 
helles Howard The voyage of At. lohn Drake afer his departure from M. Fenton, vprehe ig 
pg. s 2 of Plate 1582, pag. 726 
4.625 A Kurtier which declareth the Sitwationof the coaft of Brafil from the yle of SantaCatelina Unto» 
t intercepted at 41 the month of tkeriner of Plate and allalong vp within the [aid riner and what armes months 
49. 60.2 it hath to enter into ius farre as st is nanigable with Stall barkes, 
g 4 hy 17 L 2 pag 728, 
NAYAS, u- 
e A Catalogue of diuers Engliſh voyages, ſome intended and {ome 
BI Nucuo Do- performed to the S treights of Magellan,the South /-4, along the coafts Of Chili, pe. 
6 f. aud 666 1m, Nicaragna,and Nuena Galicta, to the headland of (aliforma, and to the Northweft 
pag.66> thercof as fatre as 43.degrees,as likewife to the yles ofthe Ladrone the Philippinas the Malucos 
4 7055 and the Jawas; and from thence by the Cape of Buena E(peranzz and the yle of San. 
pag. + 44 Helena (the whole globe of the earth being citcompaffed) 
were diſcoue- me againe into En 
pag.687 He famous vo f fi j j j 
3 yage of fir Francis Drake into the South ea, and thereheuce ab 
and ae the globe of the whole earth, begunne Anno 1 > . 
Pag "a 1 The voyage of Nanno de Silas a Portugal Pilot taken by fit Francis Drake atthe 
5 wig 111 ie 4 WED yles of CaboVerde,and caried along with him as farre asthe hauen of Guataicoy 
id Empire of n the coattof New Spaine: with his confeſſion made tothe Viceroy of Mexico of all matters 
‘sie . A that befell during the time that he accompanied fir Framcis Drake, pag. 742 
N 4 The voyage of M. John Winter into the South ſea by the Streight of Magellan in conſort with 
een * Drake begun in the yeere 1577. he being the fitſt Chriftian that euer aſſedthe 
tin Fernan- ſiaid Streight. : ag.748 
; PAg.699 The voyage of M. Edward Fenton and M. Lake ward his viceadmirall with 4.fhi 5 ded 
dient for China, but performed onely to the coaſt of Braſſl as fare as 33. degrees of Southerly lati- 
tude; begunne in the yeere 1582. ; 757 
bi Hawkins ge of M. Robert Withrington and M. Chrifhopber Lifter intended for the South Ca, 


o tal ſhips ſet forth at the charges of theri 

Le does es performed onel i 

28.700 
40. p. 70 r 
Pag. 7or 
Pag. 7o 

Rin Braft 
pag. 08 
The 


The Catalogue of the voyages, &c. 


i 
K 
| 

a 


— 


The catalogue of che voyages, &c. 


The laſt voyage of M. Thoms Candiſh intended for the South tea , the Philppinas, and the 
coalt of China, with three tall fhips,and two baiks, begun 1591. pag. 842 


The principall obferuations, diſcourſes, inſtructions, letters, ruttiers, and 
intelligences belonging to the voyages immediatly going before. 


He names of the kings of laua,at the time of fir Francis Drakes being there. pag. 742 
Certaine words of the naturall language of laua,with the interpretation thereof. pag. 42 

The confeffion of Nunno de Silua,a Portugal pilot, talen by fir Francis Drake, which be made to 
the viceroy of Mexico, concerning the proceeding of fir Francis Drake, &. 579. pag. v 
eA letter written in the Souih fea by fir francis Drake vnto bis conſort M. lohn Winter. 748 
Iuſtrutlinns giuen by the R. H. the lords of the councelhto M. Edward Fenton e/guire, for the or 
der to be ol ſerued in the voyage recommended unto him for the Eaſt indies and Cathay , April 9, 
1 C. : Ag. 75 
Adiſcourſe of the Welt Indies and the South ſea, written Ly i ph Vaza Feen 
diners memorable matters not to be found in am other writers, and continued unto the pere 1557. 


: 49.778 
Certaine rare and ſpeciull notes meſt properly belonging to the voyage of M. Thomas Eich 
about the world; concerning the latitudes foundings lying of lands, diftances of places,the variation 
of the compaffe, and otber notable obferhations, diligently taken by M. Ihomas Fuller of Ipſwich. 
‘ , c ag. C27 
A letter of AM. Thomas Candith to the R. H.the olde Lord Hunfdon, L. ee of 
her CMaiefties mof honowrable prinie councell, touching the ſucceſſe of his voyage rounds about the 
worlde. . f $37 
Certaine notes or references taken out of a large map of China, brought home by M. Tomas 
Candiſh 1588. Rules ; 837 
A petstion made in the ſtrei ght of Magellan by certeine of the company of the Delight of Brie 
ſtoll, onto Robert Burnet she Maſter of the fayd ſbip, and one of the conforts of M. Chidley the #2 
of February 1 5 fo. oe pag.840 
The teſtimoniall of the company of the Deſite, 4 fbip of A. Candiſhes fleet in his laf voyage, tow- 
ching the loofing of their general, which appeareth to haus bene utterly againft their meaning t. 84s 
The letters of the Queenes moſſ excellent Maieftie,fent in the yere 4396, to the emperour of Chi- 
na, y AM. Richard Allot and M. Thomas Bromefield, merchants of London, who were embarked 
in the fleet, whereof M. Beniamin Wood was general. ag. 852 
Three fenerall teftimonies concerning the mighty kingdome of Coray , tributary to ihe bing of 
China, and bordering upon bis Northeast frontiers: “nd alf touching the warres of Quabacondo- 
no the monarch of Iapan against China,by the way of Coray. pag. 4 
A briefe note concerning an extreame Northerly pronince of Iapan, called Zuegara, fitwate 30 
dayes tourney from Miacò, & aſſoof a certeine nation of Tartars,called lezi, inhabiting on the maine 
tothe North of China. pg. boi 
Aduertiſementi touching the (hips that goe frowsSiuil tothe Indies of Spaine, together 11 ome 
fea-orders ofthe Contractation houſe of Siuil. pag. 862 
The order of the Carenaginen to the (hips that gos out of Spaine to the Welt Indies. pag.864, 
The examination of the Muflers and Pilots which faile inthe fleets of Spaine tothe Welt Indies, 
written in Spanifh by Pedro Dias a Spanith Pilot. pag. Lo at and 866 


that he 

This 
ſelues te 
was by 7 

Okth 
doe bie ir 
there het 


bad bene t 
they folto! 

This N 
moſt of bis 
to inhabit 
tyn Ower 


Carmina , 
nauigat 
Ade 

law 

Ni fynnun 
Na da ma 


ppinas, and the 
pag. 842 


ttiers, and 
b. 


/ pag. 742 
10fe AL 7 
hich 1 poll to 
Pag · 42 
Winter. 748 
zuire, for the or- 
athay , April y. 
p.. 774 
ugall,conteining 
otheyere 1405. 
49.778 

omas Cann 
es,the variation 
ler of Ipfw ich, 
4g. 27 

ibe . of 
ounde about the 
947 

M. Thomas 


£37 

Delight of Brie 
Chidley the 2 

pag.84o 
aff voyage, tow. 
meanings, Sas 
mperour of Chi- 
were embarked 

4g. 2 

y to the 2 of 
Quabacondo- 

pag.554 
gara, /itmate 30 
g on the maine 

pag. So: 
ther with fome 

pag. lo 2 
es. pag. Cos g, 
e Welt Indies, 
g. Co and 866 


THE 


a 1 
ee 4 


N ee e eee 
at 385 1 raver tect iret CaS 70 


THE THIRD AND LAST 


Volume of the principall Nauigations, Voyages, 
Traffiques and Difcoueries of the Engliſh Nation 
made tothe Northweft, Weft, and Southweſt 


parts of the World, with the Letters, Priuilege 
Diſcourſes, Obſeruations, and other ak 


N 155 Edward 15 . D 
ere cogauerne, beraule ofthe malme bpon his kace: an 
y ‘Howell thactooke opontimnallche rule tee atere te te 
> 
gf Totten vnon an Frith woman, Therefore Dauid gathered all 
\e fhe power be cout andeame gan Howei,ano fighting with 
bim, Hew him; and afterwards in oyed quietly the whole land 
N of Northwales, vntil his brother Ior wert hs ſonn 
N ah e came to age. 
ö I Madoc another of Owen Guyneth his ſonnes leſt the land in dee the on 
contention betwixt hisbrethren, & prepared certaine thins, dl. S wen C, 
with men and munition, and fought aduentures b Seas, = 


G. N failing Went, aud leauing the coat 17 
that he came vnto a land vnknowen, where he faw wer drangen 0 85 ks 


doe vſe in diſtance of place and length of time rather to augment then to dimimſh: 


him ſuch men and women as were deſirous to liue in quietneſſe: and taki 
tooke his tourney thitherwarn againe, Therefore it is tobe fu ofent Mi 3 
pao part ot thoſe countreys: for it appeareth by Francis bes de 8 seat ce vii 

mil and other places the people honozed the croſle. GCiherbp it map be gathered that Chritians a. 
bad bene there before the comming of the Spauyards. But becauſe this people were not many. 

they followed the maners of the land which they tame vnto, e vled the language they foüdthere. 


ko inhabttehat faire e large countrep, went thither againe with ten lailes, as J lind G 
1 5 noted by Zu- , 
fyn Owen, Aamof opinion chat the land whereuntt he came was ſome partaf tbe Welt 1255 . 


Carmina Meredith filij Rbeſimentionem facientia de MAaducafilio Oveni Guy 
ve fect ; ip Guynedd, 
ae ys terrasincognitas, Dixit hie Meredith fe een ee ty 7 5 sai 
d 15 oe My meyedie wedd, )-8 (Madoc Jam the fonue of Oy er ee edd  Thele veries 
lawn genau,Owyn Guynedd: | 8 ith: Wes se wya „ Atecetnedot 
Nifynnum dif pon 5 42 § SJ With ttarure large, and come lp grace aopned: m learn 


y &°) Ho lande at homme no; ttore of wealth me pleate, dend ap. Un 
Nada mawr,ondy motoedd, B® My minoe was whole to learch the 8 3 
et The 


The offer of the difcouery of the VV eft Indies by Chriftopher Colum. 
bus to king Henry the — in the yeere 1488 the 1 40 Febructy : with the 


Hriftephoro (clon temende , ſi parimente i Re di (aftighanon ſcutiſſero alle 
[ua ah 5 gliblſog naſſe fee, di nuous a qualche Aire principe, & ce 


cio palſaſſe /ango tempo ; mando im Inghilrerra vn [wo fratello, che hanena effa 


ds fe, chiamato Bartholomeo Colon: al qual, quantunque non haneffe lettere Lati« 
ve, erdpero buomo prattico , oy gindictofoneile cofe del mare, & Japea molto bene 
ar carte da naulgare, &. ſphere, & altri inflrumenti di quello profeffione, come dal 


wo fratello eva inftrutto, Partito adunque B artholomeo Colon per Jughilterra, volle la fua forte, che 
deffe in man di corfali, quali lo hog liarono infieme con gli altri della fuanane, Per la qual cofa, a 
per (a (ua pouerti & infirmuta , che in coſi diner{e terre lo afjlirono crndelmente b prolangeper gran 
tempo la fia ambaftiata, fin che, aquſſata ty poco ds facnita cur le carte, chi ei fy (Cana, comincis 
a far pratiche co’ il Re Enrico ſetumo, padre de Enrico ottano,che al prefentevegna: ac fits 
40 un mappamondo, nel quale erane feritti queftiverfi, che fiale fue ſermare lo trauas, & dame ſa. 
rannoqui pofis piu teſto per P antichita,che per le lore cleganza, 


Terrarum quicunque cupis ſcæliciter oras 
Nofcere, cuncta decens docdè pidura docebit, 
Quaw Strabo affirmat, Ptolomæus, Plinius, atque 
Ilidorus : non vna tamen ſententia cuique. 

My hic etiam nuper ſulcata carinis 
Hiſpanis Zona lls, pis incognita enti 
Torrida, quæ tandem nunc ei noti ima multis, 


Es pia di ſous dicena, f 
Fro. Auebore fine Pictore. 


Tanua cui patrie eft nomen, cui Bartholomæus 
Columbus de Terra Rubra, opus edidit iſtud, 

ijs anno Domini 1480 atque inſuper anno 
Odtauo, decimaque die cùm tertia menſis 


Februatij. Laudes Chriſto cantentur abundè. 


en ifi ſuns fovines 
44, Colambuu de Terra Rubra, CMa, tornandoal Re d Ingbilierra, dico, che, de be on- 
do veduro, & cio che! Ammiraglis gli offerina, con allegrovolto accetts la fia Herta, & mandole 
achiamare. Ola, percioche Dio f hanena per Caftigha ferbata, gial’ Anmiraglio in quel tema 
peera andato, cr ornate con la vittoria della fa m eſa, fecondo che per ordine firaccontera. La. 
ſciarò hora divaccontay cio, che Bartolomeo Colon lauen negociato in Inghilerra, & tornaro al! 


Amira lio, Oe, : 
Thefame in Englith, 


Came againe to ſome other prince x lo much time thouly be 


b erperience and (hilfull in Sea 
kunnt ted take fea carbs ¢ globes, anp other intruments belong torbatpras 


H 88 be tas inftetcteD bp bis brother. attherfo2¢ after that Bartholomew CG umbus mas 
Departed lap England, his lucke was to fall into the hands ol pirate , which ſpoiler him with the 
ret of cpa wich were inthe Hip which be went in. Upon which octalton, ann 

a poue 


The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Colum.offer accepted, 


GA 


accepted. 


5 “ — 
ques & Diſcoueries. 3 
lopher (olum.. and ſickneſſe which Ccuelip atfauitted him in a tountrey ſo fare diſtant fom his friends, Epe occation 
i : with the 2 — bis ambaſlogr fo2 along while, bnetll ſuch time ashe bad gotten fomerwbat handlome 17 — 
ued of the fame: about him with making of Deg cards. At lengt an Co Deale with hing Henry the(enenth auer 
ms of the life and the father of Henry the eight, which reigneth at 12 7 ze: vnto whom he pzeſente da mappe of 
the woplo,tuberein theſe betfes were mitten, w Aound among his papers: and J will here 
. affetiforeclia ; fet them downe, rather fo, their antiquity then fop their goodneſlt 
rincipe, & cofiin 1 Chon which deſiren ally the coatts of lands to know 
ne apprefe N Ach zan be Nen ug team ehe Came to che unden 
I lettere Latin ELtbich Strabo, Plinie, Ptolomew and Iſodore maintaine: 
{apea molto bene Ber fop all that they do not all none accozd remaine, 
Homo, come dat Dere allo is tee downe the tate difcouered burning Sone 
¢ la {ua forte, che Piportingals, vnto the wobld wbich whilom mag vnknowen, 
her 25 ald — ‘ CLihereoF the knowledge how at length thozow all the mold is blowen, 
ricaua, comincié ae 
ee. And a little bnder he added: 
vat, dame faa 97 For the Authour or the Drawer. 
aed De, whole deare natiue ſoile be Ratelp Genua, 
163 wen be mhole name is Bartho ome w Colon de Terra Rubra, 
1 Ana, aendern foe den pn ame, 
And eight, and on the chirteenth bap of February more, 
In London Dthis wozke, To Chritt all lauo cherefore, 
And berauſe Come peraduenture may obſerue that be calleth himlelle Columbus de Terra 
ubra, J lap, thar in like maner J haue ſtene ſome ſubſcriptions of Mp Father Chriftopher 
olumbus, befoze he had ehe d ee ol all, wherein he figned his name thus, Columbus Ming Hemy the 
o Terra Rubra. But to returne to the king of England, % lay, that after he had ſeene the „ dump bts ace 
and that which my father Chriftopher Columbus offeren vnto him, he accepted the offer With Chambon offer, 
topfull countenance, and ſent tu call him into England. But becaule God had reſerued the f; 
offer fo) Caftile, Columbus Was gone in the meane ſpace, and alſo returned with the perfoꝛm⸗ 
Ante ot bis enterpziſe, as here after in over ſhall be rehearſed. Mow will” leaue off frommas 
Ring anp farehermencion of chat which Bartholomew Colon had negotiated in England, and 4 
will returne unto the Admirall, ec, 


edefomamente 


fiforto ſcrine- 


ö di Francia, “ Ammiraglio ſus fratello h ia ſco- 
erte ! Indie: per che £4 fonenne per porter far i Viag gio di cento fends, Er, Auen. 
£4che per cotal noua egh fi, #8 molto affrettato, per arriuar i Ammiraglioin Spagna, quando non 
Ries Poa dimeno Linnea Sinigha, T era gia tornato alle Indie c 17 naniglh, Perche, per eſſegu quanto ei 
king of Por- Sli haue laferato, ds fubito al principio del? anno del 1494fen' andoaiRe Catholics, menando feca 
toller the Don Diego Colon mio aal, & me ancora, accioche ferniffime di Eg i al ſcren imo princi e Don 
gland a cere Gionanni, il gual Vina in loria, fi come hanea commandato la Cathet, Regina donna Ia ella, che 
us, who, ale albora erainVaglicdolige Tofto adun zus che noi Jiungemmm, i Re chiamarono Don Bartelemrco, & 
ohare mandaronio alla Spagunola contre nasi g. 
ces ons : : The fame in Enolith. 
m with Hriftopher Columbus the dmirall being retuenen Front she difcauery of Cuba and Ia 
afonot bis Cae found in Hitaniolabis bother Bergeon » ho before had beene 
pouettp ſent to tntvea of an 


Columbus 
agreement with the king of England ay bifcauerp of the Indies, re 
4 


4 The Engliſh Voyages,Nauigations, oh. (ab. patent. 


——U— — —. — — 


haue Capo befoye, This Bartholomew therefore returning vutoCaftile, with the capttulations 
granted bp the king of England to his brother, vnde tſlood at Paris by Charlesthe hing ol France, 
that the Admirall bis brother hav already perloyme v that diſcouety: whert upon the French king 
gaue Unto the Cayo Bartholomew an hundzed French crownes to beate bis charges into Spaine, 
And albeit he made great hatte vpon this good newes to meet wich the Anmicall in Spaine, pet at 
bis comming to Siuil bis brother was already returned to the Indies with leuenteene faile of 
Hhipps, Ciberekoze to full chat which be had left him in charge in the beginning of the peere 
1494 he repatred to the Catholike princes, taking with him Diego Calon mp brother and me 
alfo, which were to be preferred as Pages to the mot excellent ince Don lohn, who now is 
with God, accopding to the commande ment of the Carholike Qucene Lap Ifabell, which was 
en in Validolid, Alſoone therefore as we came to he Court, the minces called fo2 Don Bar- 
tholomew, and ſent him to Hiſpaniola with thyce thips, gt. 


THE ENGLISH VOYAGES, NAVIGATIONS, 
and Difcoueries (intended for the finding of a Northweft pat. 
fage) co the North pates of America, to Meta incognita,and the backe- 
de of Gronland, as fare us 72 degrees and 12 minuts : performed firlt by 
Sebaflian Cabota, aud fince by Sit Martin Frobifher , and M. 

Jom Daus, withthe Patents, Diſcourſes, and 
duertiſements thereto belonging. 


The Letters patents of King Henry the ſeuenth granted vnto John 


Cabot and his three fonnes, Lews, Sebaſtian, and Sanciustor the diſcouerie of 
ne y and vnknowen lands, 


Enricus Dei gtatia rex Angliz, & Francie, & Dominus Hibet ir, 
omnibus, ad quos præſentes lieræ noftra peruenerint, ſalutem. 
Notum fic & manifeſlum, quod dedimus & conceſſi mus, ac per 
pr ſentes damus & concedimus pro nobis & haredibus noſſris, di- 
lectis nobis Ioanni Caboto ciui Venetiatum, Lodouico, Sebaſtia- 
no, &c Sancio, filijs dicti Ioannis, & eorum ac cuiuflibet eorumhæ- 
redibus & deputatis, plenam ac liberam authoritatem, facultatem 
& poteſtatem nauigandi ad omnes partes, regiones, & ſinus matis 
Aorientalis, occidentalis, & ſeptentrionalis, ſub banneris, vexillis, 8 
infignijs noſtris, cum quinque nauibus ſiue nauigijs, cuiuſcunque 
portitutæ & qualitatis exiſtant, & cum tot & tantis nautis & hominibus, quot & quantos in di- 
cis nauibus ſecum ducere voluerint, ſuis & eorum Proprijs ſumptibus & expenfis, ad inueni- 
endum, difcooperiendum, & inueftigandum quaſcunque inſulas, patrias, tegiones ſiue pro- 
uincias gentilium & infidelium quorumcùnque, in quacunque parte mundi poſitas, quæ Chri- 
ftianis omnibus ante hac tempora fuerint incognita. Conceffimus etiam eiſdem & eorum 
cuilibet, cortimque & cuiuflibet eorum hætedibus & deputatis, ac licentiam dedimus ad affi- 
gendum prædictas banneras noſttas & inſignia in quacunque villa, oppido, caftro, inſula feu 
terrafirma à ſe nouiter inuentis. Et quod pranominatus Ioannes, & filij eiuſdem, ſeu hætedes 
& eorum deputati, quafcunque huiuſmodi villas, caſita, oppida, & inſulas à ſe inuentas, quæ 
ſubiugari, occupari, poſſideti poſſint, ſubiugare, occupare, poffidere valeant tanquam vafalli 
noſtti, & gubernatores, locatenentes, & deputati eotundem, dominium, titulum & iuriſdicti- 
onem eatundem villarum, caitrorum, oppidorum, infularum, ac tertæ firme ficinuentorum 
nobis acquirendo. Ita tamen, vt ex 8 fructibus, proficuis, emolumentis, commodis, 
luctis, & obuentionibus ex huiuſmodi nauigatione prouenientibus, præfatus Iohannes, & fi- 
lij ae hæredes, & eorum deputati, teneantur & ſint obligati nobis pro omni viag. o ſuo, toties 
f ad portum noflrum Briſtolliæ applicuerint (ad quem omnino applicate teneantur & 
int aſttictij deductis omnibus ſumptibus & impenſis uc es per eoſdemfadtis, quintam 
pattem capitalis lucri facti, ſiue in mercibus, ſiue in pecusij . ere: Dane nos & con- 
cedentes eiſdem ſuiſque hæredibus & deputtis, vt 1 ne cuſtumatuin omnium 
& fingulorum bonorum & mercium, quas ſecum reportarint ab illis locis fic nouiter inuentis, 
libeti fine & immunes. Et inſuper dedimus & conceſſimus eiſdem ac ſuis hæredibus & depu- 
tatis, quod terre omnes firma, inſulæ, villæ, oppida, caſtra, & loca quæcunque a ſe inuenta, 
quotquot 


ie 


PP 


newly 
all the. 
chance 
the l 

ippes 
Willi 
to giue 
ming ar 
their m 
do giue 
our Let 
peere ot 


0 


eee | 
patent, 
apiculacions 
gol France, 
French king 
uso Spaine, 
aine, pet at 
rene ſaile of 
of the peere 
ther and me 
who now is 

which was 
Don Bar- 


ONS, 
ſt pal, 


icke- 
* 


nto lohn 
oucric of 


Hiberniz, 
lutem, 
AUS, ac per 
iofiris, di- 
, Sebaftia- 
orumhze 
acultatem 
ius maris 
vexillis, 8c 
juſcùnque 
ntos iu di- 
ad inueni- 
s fue pro- 
juz Chri- 
& corum 
us ad affi- 
inſula ſeu 
u hætedes 
ntas, quæ 
am vatalli 
iuriſdicti- 
uentorum 
>mmodis, 
nes, & fie 
uo, toties 
leantur & 
quintam 
& con- 
omnium 
inuentis, 
& depu- 
inuenta, 
juotquot 


r 


* e en 


lohn ( ab. patent. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


quotquot ab eis inueniri contigerit, non poffiat ah aljjs quibufuis noltris i bditi 
feu viſitati, abſque licentia predictor aan 2 liorum, a cn et 
ſub pœna amiffions tam nauiiun.quiay bonorum omnium quotumcunque ad ea loca ſie in- 
uenta nauigare prafumentium, Volentes & (teiStiffimemandarites om ; 
fubditis, tam ia terra quam in mari conſſitutis, vt prefato Toanni, & eius filijs ac deputatis bo- 
nam aſſiſtentiam faciant, & tam in atmandis ndusbus feu ijs, quamin prouifione com 

meatus & victualium pro (ua pecunia emendorum 5 Ry E 


“dendatu ; E ue aliarum omnium rerum ſibi proul. 
ö dekadent u ernoes fauares de auxilia impertiant, In * 

rei teſtiomum has literas uoſiras fieri fecim renten, Telſe meplo apnd Welt 

rium quinta die Martij auno regni noſiri vadedino, e 


The ſame i Es. lith, 


nibus & fingulis nofiris 


Be it hnowen that we haue wiven and grances, and bp chele 
and our heires, to our welbeloued 10% Cabot cittzen ol Venir 
tius, fortes of the {apo ohn, anv to the heltes of them, and euer 
2 pie i — and pa wer to ſaile to all Parts, countreps, 

eſt, ano oft ozth, vnder our anners and entignes, wit fiue (hi . 
tity ſoeuer they be, and as many mariners o⸗ men an hep inte — — 4 — ap 


tles, and haue giuen them licence to let vp our banners and enfignes 
He, ille, o; maine land okthem newly found. And that the aloe layd lohn and 


and holden onely to arriue) all maner of necellary cofts and charges by them made, being de duc · p 


newly found. And mozecuer, we haue given and granted to them thy ir heites a dd 
allthe firme lands, iſles, villages, townes, catties and places — — 
chance tolinde, may not of any other of our fubiects be Frequented oꝛ wifited without ihe licence 
ol the koꝛelapd Iohn and his lone, and their deputies, vnder paine of fopfeiture alwellok thet 
Hhippes as of all and finguler goods of all them that (hall pꝛe ſinne to faite to thoſe places ſo founn, 
Tiling, and mot ſtraightly commanding all and ſinguler our ſubiects afwellon land as on fea, 
gu Tittance te ela Nl and Deputies, and that as well in ar⸗ 
ming and furnithing their thips 02 veſlels, as in pꝛouiſion of food * in 3 of victuals 105 
their itonep 9 and all other things by them to be pꝛouided neceflarp for the ſapd nauigation, they 
do giue them all their helpe and fauour. In wienefte whereok we haue c ned to be made thefe 
Mitneſſe our felfe at Weſtminſter the fift day of arch, in the eleuenth 


Billa fignata anno 13 Henrici ſeßtimi. 


expere poſſit fex naues Anglicanas, in aliquo portu, Gue pe is res 


inn RHINO DOT. Hue sa 


os, de ſubditos regis, qui cum eo exire voluerint, &c, 
aA. 3 The 


monalte- Ann, Dom, 
14. 


Ex tertio die Februarij, anno 1 3, licentiam dedit Ioanni Caboto, quod ipfe S recov of the 


Cape I S regul Ang. vopag 
8 ie, ita quod ſint de portagio 200. doliorum, vel ſubtus, cum apparatu 0 iin eat 


fito, & quodrecipere poffit in dictas naues omnes tales mag iſtros, matinari- bonne 


0 


5 


* 


— 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, Fobn Cabot. 


The ſame in Englifh. 


Bho king vpon the third day of Fe 
1 Cabot to take fire Engluch chips 
the burden o 200 kunnes, 
all ſuch maſters, mariner 


1. 15 7977 
cut by Clement 
Adams, concernin : Which is to be feene 
in her Maieſties othet ancient merchants 
fe 


N 
A) 


od ex mari in eam par 


rcu,fagiteis,haftis,(piculis,cla 
quo fit, vt vtſis albo color 
dat, ijſque ſane ma 5 


115 the pere ok our 
lich fleet let out fr 


vilta, that is to lap, fire ſeene, 
fight from fea, That ano whi John vpon 
i i The inha⸗ 
tion as we 
arrowes, pikes, darts, woodden 
8,¢ peeldeth litle fruit, but it is full of white 
deth plenty of liſh, and thoſe berp great, ag 
there are ſoles alſo aboue à pard in length: 
eat abundance of that kinde of ith which the Sauages call baccalaos, 
bere bꝛeed hauks, but they are fo blacke that they are very like to ra⸗ 

uens, as allo their partridges, and egles, which are in like fore blacke. 


A diſcourſe of Sebaftian Cabot touching his diſcouery of part of the 
West India out of England in the time of king Henry the feuenth, vſed to 
Oalcacius Butt garius the Popes Legate in Spaine, and reported by thefayd Legate in 
this fort, 


6H Spaine, inſomuch 


fai 
Scbahtian Cate therefoꝛe cation P whim 
Saad. ot, he proceeded, and deftrous to hatte fome 

knowledge of the at there was in the city a 


valiant 


hn Cabot. 


licenceto Iohn 


gland, being of 


to the fain thips 
fC, | 
by Clement 
sto befeene 
ent merchants 


ac opinor ra- 
elles animali- 
veltes precio 
e fundis, Tel. 
ufitate apud 
pi Marini, & 
ſuram exce. 
cant Bacale 
min modum 


Nth an Eng 
bad attemp⸗ 
alled Prima 
had the firt 
John vpon 
The inha⸗ 
ation as we 
By woodden 
ill of white 
pgreat, ag 
in length: 
baccalaos. 
like to rae 


t of the 


vſed to 
Legate in 


k Venice) 
k Venice, 
ügations, 
s like in 
lots that 
e, and is 
mem him 
aue ſome 
he city a 

vallant 


June finding Hil the open Sea without anp maner orimpediment, 
ko haue palſed on Mtl the wap to Cathaia, which (sinthe Caf, 


Sebaftian (abot. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


7 
valiant man, a UMenetian bozne named 8 

ing an expert man in that {ctence 

hand, and that by this report, 

intertained him friendip, 

world, with certaine 


be 


hauing neue 
father 


Ng moze diuine 
by a wap that was neuer 


to be aduertiſed of my deuile, 
things appertaynin ot 
4 of Som eff, not thinking to linde 
but after certane dayes 
eat diſpleaſure. Meuer⸗ 
finde any gulke tha 
nd ſeeing tha 
cke againe, and 
to finde the faine pallag 
Florida, where my vict a 
ong the people, 
moze conlideration had 


„which being The terond . 
and at their chips, where 8555 85 
erding great of n an 
into the twhich gy erl. 
ty where very 


Pꝛetermit, and waring olde, I giue 
uels, betaule there arenowe Many pong and luſtie Pilots and Mariners Dan et 
ho le foꝛwardnelle A doe reiopce in the fruit of my labours, and tell with : 


The forefaide Baptists Ramufins in his 
lume ofthe Na 


e thirde vo. 


ne relations of lohn de Vararza- 
renchman, and the two voyages of 
e land ſituate in 50. degrees of Laz 
b landes hitherto are not 
with the firme land of Florida aud 
ed all by the Sea as Alands : and whe⸗ 
vnto the countrey of Cathaia, Ag many peeres paſt it 
our Countrey man a Genetian, a man ok great expe⸗ 
n, and the knowledge of Colmographie, wh failed 
ew France, at the charges of King Henry the leuenth king of 


e, that hauing ſailed a long time Melt and by Noꝛth, beyond thole 
Tlands vnto the Latitude of 67 


- Degrees andanbalfe, onder the 320th pole, andatthe 1 7. dap bk cpr great 0 
he thought verily by that wap babitineot 


and would haue done tem tet page, 


TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, Sebaftian Cabot. 


tinie of the hipmatter and Marmers had not hindered dim and made him to rerurne home ward 
krom that place, But it ſermeth that Gad voeth pet fill relerue this great enterpꝛile for ſume 
great prince to diſconer this voyage of Cachaia by this wap, which for the binging ofthe Spi: 
ceries from India into Europe, were the moft ealie and ſhozteſt of all other wapes hitherto found 
out, And ſurely this enterprife would be the moſt glorious, and of molt impoztance of all other 
that can be imagine to make his name great, and kame immoꝛtall, to all ages to come karre moze 
then can be done by anp of all thele great troubles and warres which vaply are vledin Europea: 
mong the miferable Chitian people, 


Another teftimonie of the voyage of Sebaſtian (abot to the Welt 


and Northweſt, taken out of the fixt Chapter of the third Decade of Fe · 
ter Martyr of Angleria, f hry 
Gyo Crucatus eſt oras ꝑlaciales Sebaftianus quidam Cabotus genere Venetus, ſetl à pa- 
eentibus in Britanniam infulam tendentibus (vii moris elt Venetorum, qui com- 
mercij cauſa terrarum omnium ſunt hofpites) tran{portatus penè infans. Duo is fibi 
e Nauigia, propria pecunia in Britannia ipfa inftruxit, & primò tendens cum homini- 
bus tercentum ad Septentrionem donec etiam lulio mente vaſtas repeterit glaciales moles pe. 
lago natantes, & lucem ferè perpetuam, tellure tamen libera, gelu liquefacto: quarecoaétus 
fuit, vti ait, vela vertere & occidentem fequi: tetenditque tantum ad meridiem littore fefe incur- 
uante, vt Herculei freti latitudinis fere graduꝭ equarit: ad occidentémque profectus tantum eft 
vt Cubam Infulam à Ius, longitudine graquum pené parem. habuerit. Is ea littora percurrens, 


quæ Baccalaos appellauit, eoſdem ſe reperiffe aquarum, ſed lenes delapſus ad Occidentem alt, 
quos Caftellani, meridionales ſuas regiones adnauigantes, inueniunt. Ergò non modò veri 
milius, ſed neceſſ io coneludendum eft, vaſtos inter vtramque ignotam hactenus tellutem ia- 
cere hiatus, qul viam præbeant aquis ab otjente cadentibus in Occidentem, Quas arbitror im- 

ulſu ecelorum eircuſariter agi in gyrum circa terre globum, non autem Demo orgone anhea 
ine vomi,abforberique vt nonaulli fenferunt,quodinfluxu, & refluxu forfan affentice daretur. 
Baccalaos, Cabotus ipſe terras illas appellauit, eò quod in eatũ pelagotantam repetierit mag - 
norum quorundam piſcium, tynnos alan um, fic vocatorum ab indigenis, multitudinem, 
vt etiam illi interdum nauigia detardatent Earum Regionum homines pellibus tantum coo- 
Pertos repetiebat, tationis haudquaquam expertes, Vriorum ineffe regionibus copiam ingen- 
tem refert, qui & ipſi piſcibus veſcantur. Inter denſa namque piſcium illorum ag oiina ſeſe im- 
mergunt vefi, & ſingulos ſinguli complexos, vnguibüſque inter {quammas imm illis in terrain 


raptant. & comedunt. Propterea minimè noxios hominibus vlſos eſſe ait. Orichalcum in ple- 


ri{que locis fe vidiffe apud incolas prædicat. Familiarem habeo domi Cabotum ipfum,& con- 
tubernalem interdum, Vocatus namque ex Britannia à Rege noſtto Catholico, poſt Henrici 
Maioris Britanniæ Regis mortem, concutialis noſter elt, enpecttque indies, vt nauigia ſibi pa- 
rentur,quibus arcanum hoc naturæ latens iam tandem detegatur. 


The ſame in Engliſh. 


Dele Porth Seas haue bene learched by oneSebaftian Cabot, a Venetian boꝛne, whom bee 
ing pet but in maner an inkant, his patents caried with them into England, hauing occafion 
to reſoꝛt thither for trade of marchandile, as is the maner of the Venetians to leaue no part of the 
world vnlearched to obtaine riches, Wee therefore kurniſſed two ſbips in England at his owne 
charges, and firſt with 300 men directed his courte fo karre towarvs the Noth pole, that euen in 
the moneth of July he found monſtrous heapes of ice ſwimming on the lea, and in maner continu: 
all dap light pet fatw he the land in that tract kree from ice, whichbad bene molten by the heat ofthe 
Sunne. Thus leeing luch heapes ok pee befone him, hee was enforced to turne his lalles and fol⸗ 


lou the Celt ſo coating Hill by the ſhoze, that he was thereby bꝛought ſo karte into the South, 


bp reaſon of the land bending lo much Southwards » that it was there almoſt cquall in latitue, 
with the fea Fretum Herculeum, hauing the Nozthpole eleuate in maner in the fame degree. De 
failed likewile in this tract fo karre towards the Citett, that hee had the Wann of Cuba on his 
lekt hand, in maner in the lame degree or longitude. As hee traueiled bp the coaſtes of ibis great 


land, (which he named Baccalaos) he ſaich that bee found the like courle of the waters toward the 
tor Melt, but the lame to runne moe loft ly aud gently then the lwift waters which the Spaniards 


found in sheir Mauigations Southward. Mherfoze it is not onely moze like to be true, but 1 5 
alſo 


comme 
Londc 
compa 
and ei 
Briftoy 


Of 


an Cabot. 


ne homewards 


rpꝛile for ſome 
ngokthe Spi⸗ 
hitherto found 


te ok all other 
me, arre more 
din Europea: 


the Weſt 
scade of Pe- 


tus, fea pa- 
m, qui come 
s. Duo is ſibi 
cum homini- 
les moles pe. 
juare coactus 
re ſeſe incur- 
is tantum eft 
a percurrens, 
identem ait, 
modò veriſi- 
tellutem ia. 
arbitror im- 
tgone anhe 
tire daretur. 
etierit maps 
iltitudinem, 
antum coo- 
diam ingen- 
ma ſeſe ime 
isin terram 
cumin ple- 
fum,& con- 
oft Henrici 
gia fibi pa- 


, whom i 
ng occaſig 
part of the 
at His own 
hat tuen in 
er tontinu⸗ 
heat ofthe 
les anv fol⸗ 
be South, 
n latitude, 
egree. De 
uba on hig 
this great 
oath the 
Spaniards 
but oughe 
alſo 


gions he faw great plenticof Copper among the inhabitants. Cabot is my verp friend, whom J tes bp Cite, 


death of Ring Henry the feuenth of that name Ring of Fpgand.te was made 
and Aſliſtants, as touching the affaires of the new Indies, ooking fo2 thips laplp to be kurniſhed 


The teſtimonie of Francis Lopex de Gomaraa Spaniard,in the fourth 
Chapter of the ſecond Booke ot his generall hiftory of the Wet Indies 


concerning the firit difcouerie ofa great part of the Welt Indies, to wit, from 38. to 
38. degrees of latitude, by Seb tian Cabota out of England. 5 


E which brought mottcercaine newes of the countrey ix people ok Baccalaos, 
ſaith Gomara, was Sebaſtian Cabote a Cenetian, which rigged vp two ſhips 
at the coſt ol K. Henry the 7. ol England, hauing great deſtre to traffique foꝛ the 
ſpices as the Portingals bid. Ihe caried with him 500. men, and tooke the wap 
towards Iſland from beyond the Cape of Labrador, vntill he ound himſelfe in 
8 58. degrees and better. We made relation that in the moneth of Julpit was ſo 
told, and the ice fo great, that hee durſt not pale any further: that the dayes were berplong, in a 
maner without any night, and foꝛ that ſhozt night that they bad, it was very cleare. Cabot keeling 
the cold, turned towards the Melt, refreſhing himlelke at Baccalaos: and afterwards he lailed az 
long the coaſt unto 3 8. degrees, and fromibence he ſhaped his courfe to retutne into England. 


Anote of Sebaftian (abots firſt diſcouerie of part of the Indies taken 


out of the latter part of Robert Fabians Chronicle not hitherto printed, 
which is in the cuſtodie of M. john Stow a diligent preſetuer of Antiquities. 


2 6 Mthe 13. yeere of R. Hem y the 7. (by meanes of one lohn Cabot a Venetian 
e “des which made himſelke very expert and cunning in knowledge of the circuit ok the 


2 


2 world and Bands of the fame, as bya Sea card and other demonttrations realo⸗ 

e unable be chewed) the kins cauſed to man and victuall a ſhip at Briſtow, to (earch Cabot homies 
oz an Illand, which he tald hee knew well was rich, and repleniſhed with great from Britto 
conmmoDtcies : CAbich Hippe thus manned and victualled at the kings coll, diuers Parchants ok there pile 
London ventures in her finatt Hocks, being in her as chiefe patron the ſaid Venetian. Andin the found land, ¢ 
company of the laid hip; failed alfa out of Briftow thpee 02 foure {mall Hips fraught with ſleight areata 
and grolſe marchandizes, as courſe cloth, caps, laces, points p other trifles, And fo Departed from land, and from 
Briſto in the beginning ol Map, of whom in this Maiozs time returned no tidings. e 


alinoſt as Flo: 
: rida. 2 
Of three Sauages which (abot brought home and prefented vn. 


to the King in the fouretecnth yere of his taigne, mentioned by the fore- 
faid Robert Fabian, 8 


Z bis peere allo were brought vnto the king eher men taken in the Remlound Alland 
Mary that before I ſpake ol, in William Purchas time being Maioz: Theſe were clother in 
J beaas Ching, x did cats rata eth, and lpake luch ſpeach that no man cauld buderſtand 


them, 


10 TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, Seb.( ab.penfion, 


fer pallace, which that time J cout not diſcerne from Engliſhmen, til was learned what they 
were, but as foꝛ ſpeach, heard none of them veter one wozd. 


Saga T a. 


we 


A briefe extract concerning the diſcouerie of Nerfound lud, 122 
taken out ofthe booke of. At. koberr Thorne, to doctor Leigh, 8c, F 3 
9 PP? Reaton,that as fore ſickeneſſes are hereditarie, ſo this inclination op deſire of this pif. 1 
iW ere CouctD J inherited from mp father, which with another marchant of Briſtol named 0 at 
meme Hugh Eliot, were the diſcouerers of the Newfound. lands zal the which there is no L 
f doube (as none plainely Apeareth) if the Marinerz toould then haue bene ruled, and 
followed their Pilots minde, but the lands of the Men Indies, from whence all the golde com. 
meth, had bene ours; fo all is one coatt an bp the Card appeareth, and ts afozeſaid. 
The large penſion granted by K. Edward the 6. to Sebaftian (* 
lots, conſtituting him rana Pilotof England, 
5 py) Dwardus ſextus Dei gratia Angliz, Franciæ, & Hibemiæ tex, omnibus 
8 Chriſti fidelibus, ad quos præſentes hz litetæ noſtræ peruenerint, ſalutem. 
clatis quod nos in conſideratione boni & acceptabilis ſeruitij, nobis per | 
dilectum ſeruientem noſttum Sebaftianum Cabotam impenhatque im- 
N fl pendendi, de gratia noftra ſpetiali ac ex certa ſcientia, & meto motu no. 
RY ftro,necnon eaduiſamento, & conſenſu Preclariffimiauunculi noſtti Ed. 0 
SS! wardi Ducis Somerſeti Perſonæ noſttę Gubernatoris. ac Regnorum, domi- tobe 
1 que noſtrorum protectoris, & cæterorum conſiliariorũ noſtrorum, dedimus 
ac per prafentes damus , & concedimus cidem Sebaftiano Cabotæ, quandam 2 
m reditum,centum ſexaginta & ſex librarum, treſdecim ſolidorum, & ae 
rum fterlingorum,habendam, gaudendam, 8 annuatim Percipiendam prædi- 2 
ue annalem reditum eidem Se baſtiano Cabotę, durante vita ſua naturali, de ther 
tum fcacarij noftri Weſtmonaſterij per manus theſaurariorum, & Ca- 
ibidem pro tempore exiftentium,ad fefta annuntiationis beatæ Marie 2 
Virginis, natiuitatis fan@i Ioannis Baptiſtæ, Sancti Michaelis Archangeli, & Natalis Domini row 
Per æquales portiones ſoluendam Et viceritls de vberioti Eratia noſtra, ac de aduiſamento, & 
icti & per prefentes concedimus prefato Sebaſtiano Cabotæ, tot & 2 
tantas Denariorum fummas, ad quot & quantas dicta annuitas ſiue annalis reditus centum lage 
fexaginta (ex librirũ treſdecim folidorum, & quatuot denariorũ . à feſto ſancti Michaelis Arch- 
rngelivitimd præterito huc viQ; ſe extendit, & attingithabendas & recipiendas PrefatoSeba. x 
ftiano Cabote Scaffignatis ſuis de theſauro noſtro prædicto per manus Predi@orum Theſaura- Dish 
riorum,& Camerariorum noftrorum de dono noftro abſque computo, feu aliquo alio nobis, copa 
hæredibus, vel fuccefforibus noftris proinde reddendo, ſoluendo, vel faciendo:ec quod expteſſa 
Anno D. mentio, &c. In cuius rei teſtimonium, xc. Teſte Rege, apud Weſtmonaſterium 6, die Tanuarij, Om 
1549 Anno 2. Regis Edwardi fexti, bp che 
The fame in Englith. an 
Eser the irt bp the grace Of God, Ring of England, France and Ireland, vefenverof the 
kaith, to all Chrittian People to whom thete prefents thall come, ſendeth greeting. Know pee To 
that we, in confiveration of the good and acceptable ſeruite done, and to be done, vnto vs by our 
dleruant Sebaſtian Cabota pf our ll grace, certaine knowledge, meere motion, and 
by the adutfe and counſel of our mol bonourable vncle Edward dube ot Somerlet gouernour of 
OUE perſon, and Pꝛotettop of our kingvomes, bontinions,any lubiects, and of the ett ofour Couns V 
baue giuen a granted, and by ebeie prevents do give and graunt to the ſaid Sebaftian Cabo. 0 
tan certaine annuitie, 6? perely reuenue of one hundzeth, thꝛeeſcoze @ fire pounds, ihirteene ſhil⸗ Ph 
lings foure pence gde haue, enioy, and perel teceiue the foꝛeſaid ann le, oz perely renee Sea, | 
nue es che fozeſaid Sebaftian srs Me — life, out of our hoon at the rereit — del Su 
SUE Exchequer at r, at the hands o out Treaſurers ¢ papma there remayn 
g dale time beten at tbe kd ofthe Augarten of the bieged Uzi Mary, the Natiuttieot bere 
S. Iohn Baptiſt, S. Michael 3 Archangel /e the N 


atiuitie of our Lend, to be paid ene 
nd 


——— 
ab. penſſon. 


— 

ime after, Of the 
men in cMedmin⸗ 
learned what they 


found-land, 
„ &c. 


deſite of this dil 


of Briſtol named 
vhich there is na 
e bene ruled, and 
the golde com 
id. 


baStian ( 


tex, omnibus 
qerint, ſalutem. 
uitij, nobis per 
ni atque im. 
1¢ro Motu no- 
uli noftri Ed. 
norum, domi. 
rum, dedimus 
te, quandam 
folidorum, & 
ndam prædi- 
a naturali, de 
orum, & Ca- 
destæ Marie 
talis Domini 
iſamento, & 
botæ, tot & 
tus centum 
haelis Arch. 
tefato Seba. 

n Theſaura- 

) alio nobis, 
dd expteſſa 


le Ianuarij, 


nder ok the 
now pee 
vs by our 
notion, and 
lernour of 
ur Couns 
an Cabo. 


7 

Dy 
#) 
i 
= 
ve ty 


le And further, of our moze ſpetiall grare, and by the abuife and conſent alczeſaide wee doe giue, 
and by theſe pꝛeſents doe graunt vnto the afozelaide Sebaftian Cabo 
ſummes of money as the five annuitie 07 peerelp reuenue of an th, cheeefcope and fire 

ounds, thirteene thillings 4. pente, doeth amount and rile vnto from the featt of S. Ni 

rehangel latt paſt onto this prefent time, to be had and receiued by the aſozeſaid Sebaſtian Ca- 
bota, and bts allignes out of our alozeſaid Creafurie,at the handes of our afozefaine Creaturerg, 
and officers of our Exchequer of our free gift without accompe, oz aup thing elſe thereloze to be 
rec ſ ed payed, of made, to us, our heites oꝛ ſucceſſours, foʒ much as herein erprette mention is 
maue to the contrary, ie 

In witnelle whereof we haue cauled theſe our Lettersto be made patents: 


at Meldmincter the fire vay of Januarie, in the ſecond peere ol his raigu 


Mitneſſe the Ring 
Loy 1548. 


e. The peere of our 


A diſcourſe written by Sir Humfrey Gilbert Knight, to prouea 
paſſage by the Northweft to carhais, and the Eat Indies. 
The Table of the matters in euery Chapter of this diſcoutſe. 
Capitulo 1. 


DO pꝛoue by auth, ‘tie a palſage to be on the Hopth five of America to goe to Ca- 
. 77 taia, China, and to the Gatt India. i 
PB) [OS Capitulo 2. 


AS : 
0 To pꝛoue by reaſon apallage to be onthe Noth fibe of America, tu gn tu Ca. 


Suey taia,Moluccz, &c. 


Capitulo 3. 
Coproue by experience of lundzy mens crauailes the opening of this Porbwett ; 
. —— iberen 1 eng pattage 
pitulo 4, 


Ca 
To pꝛoue by circumitance, that the ane bath bene failen thꝛoughout. 
a 0 5. 


. ap 
To prooue that Cuch Indians as baue bene dziuen vpon the coattes of Germanic came not thic 
ther bp the Douthealt, and rene 5 6 bert of Afrike m America. 
‘ apitulo 6. 5 i 
Topꝛooue that the Indians aforenamed came not by the Noztheat, and that there is no thos 
tow pallage nauigable that way. 


Capitulo 7. : 
To pꝛoue that thele Indians came by the Nozthwelt, which induceth a certaintie of this pate 
Loge by experience. 1 
Capitulo 8. 


CAhat leueralreaſons were alleaged betore the Queenes Maieſtie, and certaine Loss of ber 
Vigbneſle pꝛiuie Council. by M. Anth. Ienkinſon a Gentleman of great trauaile and experience, 
topꝛoue this pallage bp the eee mp ſeuerall anſweres then alleaged to the — 
5 Capitulo 9, 

Dow char this pallage by the Roxb welt ts moze commobious fox our craffike, then the ocher 
by eee 

. apitulo 10. oS: 

That common‘tieswouty enfue,tbis pallage being once diſcouered. 


To proue by authoritie a pall age to be on the Northfide of ne. 
rita, to goe to Cathaia,and the Eaſt India, 


N Chap ; adn, 4) ot 

N N 7 pen J gaue my ſelfe to the Qubie of Geographie, alter y had peruſed and diligentiy 
phe deferiptions of Europe, Afia¢ Afrike, and conferredthem with the Moppes 

end Globes both Antique and Moderne: I came in fine to the fourth part ofthe mond commonly 

Aled America, whieh bp all vefcriptions J bunu to bee an Aland enuiconed rounv about with 

Sea, bauing on the Wouthlid krete op ſtraight of Magellan, un the (ie {ite Mar 


del Sur, which Sex runneth cowards the Hort, ſcharating it from the Catt parts of Afia, 
here cheDominions 


ol the Cathaians ave : Duthe Eat part our Miel engine 


The Northwelt paffage. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 


11 


12 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Northweft pals. 


Noꝛth five the fea that ſeueretb from Groneland, thopow which Nozihzen Deas the Patlage 
eth, which J take nom in baad eo dilcouer. 

Placotn Timæo, ann in the Dialogue called Critlas, diſrourſeih of an incomparable great J 
fand chen called Atlantis, being greater then all Afftike and Afia, which lay Cetwary fromthe 
Straights ol Gibraltar, nauigable round about: affirming alfo that the Punces of Atlantis did 
alwell enioy the gouernance of all Affrike, and the mol pattof Europe, as ot Atlantis it lelft. 

Alſo to pꝛoue Platos opinion of this Nand, and the inhattting ok it in ancient time by them ol 
Europe, to be of the moje credite; Marinæus Siculus in his Chronicle of Spaine, reporterhthar 
there haue bene found bp the Spaniards in the gold Mines of America, certatne pieces of Money 
ingraued with the Image of Auguſtus Cafar: which pieces were ſent tothe Hope fo2 a teſtimo⸗ 
nie of the matter, by lohn Rufus Archbiſhop of Conſentinum. 

Moxeouer, this was not only thought of Plato, but by Marſilius Ficinus an excellent Floren- 


Procluspeg.ay, tine Philoſopher, Crantor the Grecian, and Proclus, and Philo the famous Ie w (as appeareth 


Iuſtine Lib, ¢. 


Plinie, 


A minoread 
maius. 


Strabo lib, 13. 


peep & 
cipum. fol, 6. 
Cen. 9. 10. 


‘ 


in bis booke De Mundo, and in the Commentaries vpon Plato) to be ouerſlowen and [walle we 
bp with water, by reaſon of a mightie earthquake, and freaming bowne of the heauenly Flud⸗ 
gates. The like whereol happened vnto ſome part of Italy, when by the forciblenes ol the Sea, 
called Superum it cut off Sicilia fromthe Continent of Calabris, as appeareth in Iuftine,inthe bes 
ginning of his kourth booke. Allo there chanced the like in Zeland apart of Flanders, N 

And allo the Cities of Pyrrha and Antiſſa, about Meotis palus: ann alfo the Citie Burys, in 
the Corynthian boſome, commoniy called sinus Corinthiacus, haue bene ſwallowed vp with the 
Sea, and are not at this dap to be diſcerned: By which accident America grew to be vnknowen 
or long time, vnto vs of the later ages, and was lately dilcouered againe, by Americus Vefpucius, 
in the peeve of our Low 1497, which fome fap to haue bene firſt dilcouered by Chuiftophorus 
Columbus a Genuois, Anno 1492. 

Che ſame calamitie happened vnto this Ille ok Atlantis 600, and odde peres before Plato his 
time, which fome of the people ofthe Southeal parts of the world accompten as 9c00, peeres: 
fo2 the maner then was to reckon the Moone her Period of the Zodiak fora beere which is our 
vſuall moneth, depending a Luminari minori. 

So that in theſe our dayes there can no other mapne op Iſlande be found oꝛ iudged to bee pars 
tell of this Atlantis, then thole Meſterne Iſlands, which beare now the name ol America: couns 
teruailing therebythe name of Atlantis, in the knowledge of our age. 

Then ik when no part of the ſayd Atlantis wag oppꝛelled by water, and earthquake, the coalls 
round about the fame were nauigable: afarre greater hope now remaineth or the fame bythe 
Noꝛthwelt, ſeeing the moſt part okit was (ince thar time ) lwallowed vp ith water, which tould 
not vtterly take away the olde beeps and chancls, but rather, be an occaſion of the inlarging of 
the olde, and alſo an inforcing of a great Many new: why then houlo we now doubt of our 
Noꝛthweſt pallage and nauigation (rom England to India? ct. ſccing that Atlantis now calten 
America, was euer kuowen to be en Mand, and in thole vayes nauigable roundabout, which by 
acceſle ol moze water could not be diminiſhed. f f 

Alſo Atiſtotle in his booke De mundo, and the learned Germaine Simon Gryneus in his on⸗ 
Rotations vpon the ſame, ſalth that the whole earth (meaning thereby, as monifeſtip doth appeare, 
Afia, Africk, and Europe, being all the countreps then knowen) is but one Alland, compaften a⸗ 
bout with the reach of the fea Atlantine: which like wile pꝛooueth America tu be an Alland, and 
into part adioyn ng to Afia, op the reſt. 

Alſe many anctent wyiters, as Strabo 
Eaſt of India) Atlanticum pel 
frick, Mare Atlanticum : the 


thatthe Galt Judien Seq bavthe 


2 
7 


a bp the Noꝛthweſt will be found kauourable to this 
foz that I finne it not onely 

but allo bp all the beſt moderne 

Geographers, 


inthe f 
land, a 


Ah 
cholas | 
fince dil 
that tim 
new dif 
Neu 
onelp au 


weft pals. 
ras the Palſage 


jatable great ys 
ward fromthe 
of Atlantis did 
ntis it Celfe, 

ime by them of 
repozteththat 
eres of Money 
efor a teſtimo⸗ 


ellent Florene 
(as appearcth 
nd ſwallc wed 
paucnlp Flud⸗ 
8 ok the Sea, 
tine, in the be⸗ 
8 


“ttie Burys, in 
D vp with the 
be vnknowen 
s Veſpuc ius, 
hriſtophorus 


ze Plato his 
00, peeres: 
which is our 


to bee pars 
rica: Coutts 


e, the coalls 
fame by the 
which tauld 
nlarging of 
ube of our 
now called 
t, which by 


s in his an⸗ 
h appeare, 
mpaſſed a⸗ 
anv, and 


hich lieth 
ne ond A. 
mpaſſe of 


ea had the 
o Afric k, 
wuntaine 
ir nemes 
eft ſonne 
n, Cam, 


le to this 
jot onely 
moderne 
‘apbers, 


Mp pafface. Traffiques and Dileoueries, : 


r y= hi Friſius, Munfterus, A janus, nterus, Gaftaldus,Guyccardibus, 
Michael Tramaſinus, Franciſcus Demongenitus,B ernardus Puteanus, Andreas Vaviafor,Tra- 


montanus, Petrus Martyr, and alſo Ortelius, who doth coatt out in his general Wayne fet out 
Anno 1569, all the countreps and Capes, on the Noz thwell fine of America, from Hochelaga 
to Cape de Paramantia:beſtribing lihewiſe the fea toaſtes of Cataia and Gronland, towards as 
ny part een both Gronland and America, Iſlands dilioyned by a great fea, from 
of A 3, : * 1 
gte learned men and painefull trauellers haue affirmed with one content and boice, 
that America was an Iſland: and that there lyeth a great Sea betweene it, Cataia, and Grond- 
land, by the which any man of our countrep, that will giue the attempt, map with [mall danger 


much ſhoꝛter time, then 
eicher the Spaniard, o; Poztugal doeih, 0} map doe, From the neerel parte ok anpok their coun · 


bat inoued theſe learned men to alfirme thus much, A know noe, 
and kundzy trauellers of boch ages haue allowed the ſame: But J con au ane 
ald , it they had not rentopiman 
i of w 
trauelled long before our times, reckoning their authozity am 
haue for the better allurance okthole pꝛoofes, ſet downe fomepartof a diſcourſe, 
Saxon tongue, and tranſlated into Englich by P. Nowel feruant to Sir Willi 
Burieigh, and logo high trealurer of England. wherein there is deſcriben a Ma 
one Ochtner made, in the time of king Alfred, Ring of &Ceſlſaxe Anno 87¹ 
diſcourſe were thefe: Hee failed right North, hauing alwaies the defert land on the Star- made in hing 
borde, and on the Larbord the maine ſea, continuing his coutſe, vntill hee perceiued thatthe ‘led ime. 
coaft bowed directly towards the Eaft, orelſethe Sea opened intothe land he could not tell # perfect de 
how farre, where he was compelled to ſtay vntil he had a weſterne winde, or ſome what vpon 0 oe 
the North, and ſayledthence directly Eaftalongft he coaſt, ſo fatre as hee was able in foure bopage. 
dayes, where he was againe inforcedto taty vntill hee had a North winde » bersufe the coaſt 5 
there bowed directly towards the South; orat leaſt opened he knew not howe farre into the 
land, ſo that he ſayled thence along the toaft continually full South, ſo fare as he could trauell 
inthe {pace of fiue dayes, where hee difcoucrett a mighty riuer, which opened fatre into the 
Jand,and in the entrie of this riuer he turned backe a gaine. 
Mhereby it appeareth that he went the very fame way, that we now doe petely trade by S. Ni- 
cholas into Mofcouia, which way no man in our age knew foꝛ certaintie to be by fea, vntilit was 2p ot ia ; 
fince diſcouered by our Englich men, in the time of King Edward the Girt : but thought before knight ehane 
that time that Groneland had iopned to Normoria,Byarmia,&c. and therefore was accompted a W 20. 
new difcouery, being nothing lo indeede, as by this difcourfe of Ochther it oppeareth. 
Neuerthelelle it any man ſhould haue taken this voyage in hand bythe encouragement of this 
onelp author, he ſbould haue bene thought but limple: conlidering that this Nauigatton was wiit⸗ 
ten fo manp peres paſt, info barbarous atongue by one onelp obfcure authoz, and pet we in thele 
our dapes linde by dur owne experiences bis former reports to be true. mh ee 
Pow much more then ougbt we to beleeue this pallage to Cataia to bee, being verified by the 
opinions of all the belt, both Antique, and Moderne Geographers, and plaine ly let out in the beit 


and molt allo wed Pappes, Charts, Globes, Col Mograpbical tables ¢ diſcourles of this our age, 
and bp the reſt not vented, but left aS a matter poubefull, soa 1 


To prooue by reaſon, a paſſage to be on the Northſide of fine. 


rica, to goe to Cataia, & c. 


wꝛitten in the 
am Cecil, loꝛb 
uigation, which 


the wozds of which oeh gan 


1 Chap. 3. ses 
Sef, all leas are maintained bp the obundante of water, lo that the neerer the end any River, Experimeneed 
Bap oz Hauen is, the ſhallower it wareth, (although by fome acciventall barre, it is ſometime Albers 
Lees te) But the farher you teple let fam lleadtemasschepter, kere bn = 
ie r to be, the moze beepe are the teas: which gtueth vs good hope of continunnes of 


fame Sea with Mar del Sur, by lome kret that lyeth betwerne metica, Gronelatit ng 


ataia, 4 


2 Alſd ik that America — ict ie i 
t 


14. The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Nort 5100 p aff. 1 al 
. 


derer vpon it, would before 
this time haut made ſome road into it, hoping to haue found fome like cõmodities to their owne. 
3 Oꝛz els the Seythians and Tartaxians (which often times beretofoze baue foughe farre 
Hees we s and nete fo nem Seats, dpiuen thereunto through the necettirie of tbeit colo and miterable 
trocte. 


p anp of the Spa · 
niards, Poztugals, oz Frenchmen, who lirſt dilcouered the Inland of that countrep: which Sopa: 
niaros, o; Frenchmen mut then of nereſlitie haue ſeene ſome one ciuil man in America, conf 
Beving hom full of ciuill people Aſia is: But they neuer ſam fo much as one token 02 ſigne, that 


in no part adioyning to 
Aſia: But allo that the people ot thoſe Countreys, haue not had any traffique with each other. 


purpofe haue palled 


moſt likely haue gone 
m the one to the otber: ifthere bad bene any piece of land, oz Illbmos to haue iopned them 


heSeabaty 7 Allo it areth to be an Alland, inſomuch as · he Sea runnet 
4 1 12 following the diurnal motion of Primum Mobile, 
tem, 4 inferiour bodies mot 


atem. 
Arenen couttes, the current there being fo lwikt as it ſirikerh fren 
Cercepracerra) the fret of Magellan, being viltant from thence, neere the fourth part ofthe longitude of the 
woch. earth: and not haulng free pallage and entrance thorow the fret towards the Welt, by reaſon 
of che nartownelle of the lapd Straite of Magellan, it runneth to ſalu 


hozow this fret, 
ng knowen to come fo farre, onelp to ſalue his toꝛmer wzongs, 
by the auchoꝛity beloze named:oz els it muſt needes ſtrike ouer, vpon the coaſtok Illand, Norway, 
Finmarke, and Lappia (which are Eaſt from the ſapd place about 360 leagueg) with greater 
de buona Speranca, vpon the fret ot Magellan, o ftom the fret of 
. Magellan to Cape Fredo, upon which coattes n Cartier met with the lame, 
the thormnete of the Cut from the ſapd Cape Fre Lappia, ec. And ſo the canfe Effi- 
cient remaining, it would haue continually followed along our coalts, through the narrow ſeas, 
ris ae not, but is dilgeſted about the Rozthof Labrador, bp fome thꝛough pallage there 
pow this fret. ’ 
Che like courte ofthe water in Come refpect happeneth in the Mediterrane fea (as affirmeth 
Contertam. Conterenus) luheras the current which commeth from Tanais,¢ Pontus Euxinus,t 
all the coaltsof Greece, italy, France, and Spaine, and not finding Cuffictent way out 
Gibraltar, bp meanes of che ſeraitnelle of che fret it tunnerh backe agatne slang the codes of 
Barbary,bp Alexandria, Nacolia,¢¢, 
~ Bemay (peraduenture 


nur (f ure) bee thought that this courteot the ea ee 


2 Audits. 


Taus, 


Lib,a.cap.so, 


beg. 550. 


Baros lib o. Of 
mae tat bab bene alfirme that the Sea coatt trenvech from thence Poptheall,to $0 vegreesof Sep. 


Witten mt 


mitourles of  fexiben this 


5 

Singularia fenfa, 
— verd 
mente percipiun · 
tur. 


with Merchanvite , carting on thete pꝛowes the pictures ol cercatne birds called Alcatrarzi, 
pare whereof were made or golde, and part of fluer » Who bp Agnes, that they were 
thirep Dapes comming chicher: which Likewife proucth Ameri. bp erperience to be diſioyned 


a, a8 Mattes thereof: fop that, lo farve as is dilcouered there hath not bene found there any 
An like maner, lohn Baros teſtilleth that the Cofmographers of China (where be him⸗ 


tentrional latitude, being the furthet part that wap which che Poztugals had then knowledge 
5 And that the laid Cofmographers knew no caule to the contrary, but that it might continue 
urther. 

Sp whole experiences America ispꝛooued to be ſeparate from thofe parts of Afia, directly as 
Saint che fame, And not contented with che ‘ungements ol thele learned men only, J haue fear: 
ched what might be further ſayd fo2 che confirmation hereof, 

4 And J found that Francifcus Lopez de Gomaraaffirmeth America to be an Iſland, and 
ne Gronland: andthat Gronland ig diſtant from Lappia 40 leagues, and from Tetra de 
Labrador, 30. 

5 — Nunnius a Spaniard, and leatnev Coſmographer, and Iacobus Car- 
tier, who made two vopages into thoſe parts, and ſapled 990 miles upon the Nontheaſt coaſtes 
of America doe in pare confirme the fame. 

6 Litke wiſe Hieronymus Fracaftorius, a learned Italian, and trauailer in the Porth pares 
of che fame land. 

7 Allo laques Carcierhauing pone the like, heard fap at Hochelaga in Noua Francia, hom 
that there mas a great Sea at Saguinay, whereof the end was not knowen: which they pꝛeſup · 
poled to be the paflage to Cataia, 

Furthermofe, Sebaſtian Cabota by his perfonal experience and trauel hath fet fooreh, and vee 

aſſage in his Charts, which are pet to be ſeene in the Queens Maieſties pʒiuie Gale 
lerle at Whitchall, who was fent to make this diſcoucry bp king Henrie the 
the Came fret : affi 


Iojpthlive of Terra de Labrador the eleuenth of June, vntill be came to the Septentrionall lati⸗ 


Now as thele mens erperience bath pꝛoued fome part of this paſſoge: ſothe chapter follow⸗ 
ing ſhal put pow in full allurauce of the relt, bp their experiences which baue paſſed thꝛough euery 


To prooue by circumſtance that the Northweft paſſage hath 
bene fayled throughout. 


Chap. 4. 
Quingae ſenſus. Te diuerſitie betweene bꝛuite beattes and men, np betwerne the wile and the ſimple is, that 
1 Viſus. th 


cone iudgeth by Cente onely, and gathereth vo ſuretp of any thing that he hath not leene, 
felt, heard, talted, oꝛ ſmelled: And the other not fo onelp, but allo lindeth the certaintie of things 
bp reafon, before thep happen to be tryed. Mherefoze I haue anded pꝛooles of both Corts , that 
the one and the other might thereby be faciffien, 

1 Firſl, as Gemma Friſius reciteth, there went from Europe thaee biethzen through this 
patlage : whereokit tooke the name of Fretum trium fratrum, 

2° Alſo Plinie affirmeth out of Cornelius Nepos, (who wrote 57 peeres befoze Chritt) eae 
there were certaine Indians dꝛiuen bp tempen, vpon the coaſtof Germanie which were pzeſen· 
ted bp the king of Sueuia, vnto Quintus Metellus Celet, the Pconſull of France. 

3 And bliaie vpon the fame apeh, that it is no maruell though there be Sea by the NRozeh, 
where there is Cuch abunvance of moiſkure: which argueth that hee doubted not ol a nauigable 
paſſage that wap, though which thoſe Indians came. 

4 And foꝛ the better pꝛoofe that the fame authozitie of Cornelius Nepos is not by me wee 
ter ro pꝛoue my opinion of the Roh well paſlage: pou hall finde the ſame affirmed moꝛe plaine 
Ipinchat bebalfe,bp the excellent Ge Dominicus Marius Niger, who ſheweth bow mac 
ny wapes the Indian fea fretchect te elle making in that place recital of certaine Indians, that 
were like mile dzinen thhanghthe oth Seas krom India, vpon the coaſtes ol Germany, by 

grease 


TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, Northweft paff. 


ro 
thatt 
way 
(bein 
ing m 

2 


afore! 
Ipoff 


31 
that w 
leauin 
vpon ſ 


4 
commi 
other p 
France 
haue de 
ſhipoz! 
DIY age 
if they hj 

gf 
the Gat 


To 


Waxing m 
Glaciali t. 


nauigable 


to be diſloyned 
part of Ameri. 
ound there any 


. — 
ol Se 

1 
night continue 


fia, directly ae 
5. haue ſear⸗ 


m Alland, and 
from Tetra de 


Iacobus Car- 
theaſt coaſtes 


North parts 


"rancia, hom 


they pꝛeluy · 


ozth, and dee 
5 pʒiuie Bale 
h, and entred 
zo th, on the 
trionall lati⸗ 
would haue 


ter follow⸗ 
ough euerp 


ge hath 


ple is hat 
not ſeene, 
ol thing 
mts, that 


ough this 


bud) chat 
re pꝛeſen ; 


e Nozth, 
vanigable 


Northweft paſſage. Traffiques, and Difcoueries. 


ell as they were Capling in trade of marchanvize, 

Lee "Alto whee Frederic . teigned Empero n So,there came certaine 1. bp 
other Indians vpon the coatt of Germanie, . 

6 Likewile Othon in the ttopie ofthe Gothes affirme: in the time of the Germane ts ioe of 
Emperours, there were allo certaine Indlans cat by for gehen vpon the coat of the ma. 
ſayd countrep, which forefatd Indians could not poſſib iy bauc come by che Sout! att, Douths 
wet, noꝛ from any part of Aftike o America » NOE pet by the . alt cherefor, hep came of 
necelſitie by this our Moꝛthwelt pallage. 


To prooue that thefe Indians aforen came not by ti 
Southeaſt, Southweſt, nor from any other part of Afrike, or America. 
Cap. 5. 
Fat; they could not come from the Doutheoſt by the Cape de bona Speranga, 


roughnes ofthe Seas there is luch (occalloned bp the currents and great winds i 
that the greateſt Armadas the king of Portugal hath, 


becaule the 
n that part) 
cannot without great difficulty paſſe that 
hole outragtous feas without ſhipwzache 
fozeſapd, bes 


des could neuer haue led them from 
thẽce to the ſaid place where they were found, noz pet could they haue c 
tries afozefapn, teeping the ſeas alwayes, without Ckilful mariners to 
like courfes as were neceſſary to performefuch a voiage. 
3 Wrefuppoling allo, if they had bene dziuen to the ett ( as they mutt haue bene, tomming 
that way) then they thould haue periſbed, wanting ſupplie of victuals 


mot hauing any place (onte 
leauing the coat of Afrike) vntill they came to America, noz from America vntill they arriued 
vpon ſome part of Europe, d the Bands adlopning to it, to haue refrethen themlelues. 


4 Allo, tf (notwithtanding duch impolſibilities) they migbt haue recouered Germ 
Comming from India bythe Doutheatt, yet mult they without all doubt haue Kriken vpon fome 
other part ol Europe befope their arriuall there, as the Illes of the Agores, Portugal, Spaine, 
France, England, Ireland, t. which if they had done, it is not credible 
haue departed vndiſcoueredof the inhabitants: but there was neuer fo 
ſhip oy men but onlp vpon the coatts of Germanie, where they haue bene ſundy times and in ſun⸗ 
dy ages caſt aland: neither is it like that they would haue committed 
if chey had ſo arriued, not knowing where they were, nop whither to h 

5 And bythe Southweſkit is vnpoſſible, betaule the curren 


anie by 


Magellans experience hath partly taught vs. 
6 And further, to prooue that the le people fo artiuing pon the coattof Germany, were In; 
dians, x not inhabiters of any part either o Africa 02 America, it is manifeft, becauſe the natiues 


bothof Aftica and America neither had, oz haue at this dap (as is repopted) other kind of boates Abs tbe He 
then ſuch as do beare neither mattes nop lailes (except onely vpon the coalts of Barbatie and the not be natines 
Turkes hips) but do carie themlelues from place toplace neere the thope hy the ope onelp, 


Hither of Africa, 
og Of America 
To weng that thoſe Indians came not by the Northeaſt, and 
at there is no thorow nauigable paſſage that way. 


Cap. 6. 
S iglikelp that there thoulo be no thoꝛow p e by the Moztheaſt, whereby to goe round as 
L Seas (as Ae, ate maintained 
Waring moze ſhallow and ſhelffie towards the ende, as we fino it 


able towards the Catt, 


Glacial towards the Gat; ich bꝛeedeth mall hope ol any great 5 ok that lea to be 
nauig ol 127 


Wen“ 2 Allo, it Mander ſcorcely with reaſon, that the Indians 
82 dim. endure the iniurie of the cold ape, about the Septentrional latitude of So, Degrees, vnder 


méconumphur, elenacion the pallage by the Popcheat cannot bee (as the often experience had of all the South 
Qualiscaulara. parts ut it ſbeweth) Ceeing that ſome of the inhabitants ol this colo climate (whoſe Summer ig 
leech, f them an extreme inter) haue bene ſtroken to death with the cold dampe ol che aire about 72 

degrees, by an accidental miſpap, and pet the aire in fuch like Cleuation is alwaies colb, ang too 


told fo ſuch as the Indians are. 


3 Furthermope, the piercing colo of the grole thicke aie fo necre the Pole wil lo ftiffen and 
lurre the faites and thip tackling, that no mariner can either hoiſe 0} Mrike chem(as our erperience 
karre neerer the South,chen this paflage is prefuppofed to be, bath taught vs) without the vle 


whereol no voiage can be perfozmed. 


4 Allo, the aire is fo barkened with continuall mitts and fogs ſo nere the Pole, that no man 


can well (ve, either to guide his hip. oz direct his courſe. 


$ Alfothe compalle at ſuch eleuation doth very luddenly vary, which things mutt of force 


haue bene their dellructions, although they had bene men of much moe chill then the Indians 


are. 
Similiumfimilis 6 Mozeouer, all baies, gulfes, and riuers doe receiue their intreaſe vpon the flood ſenſibly 
* to be dilterned on the one five of the ſhoꝛe op the other as many wales as they be open to an» main 
ſea, as Mare Me ditettaneum, Mare Rubrum, Sinus Perficus, Sinus Bodicus, Thamefis, and all 
other kno wen hauens op riuers in any part ol the wozlo, and each of them opening but on one part 
to the meme fea, doe like wile receiue their increale vpon the flood the ſame way, and none other, 
which Mare Glaciale vocth, oncly by the (ett; as M. lenkinſon affirmed vnto me: and therfore 
it kolloweth that this Nozt heat lea, retetuing intreale but onely from the elt, cannot polſiblp 
open tothe maine Ocean by the Catt, 
7 Poneoucr, the farther pou palle into any fea towards the end ok it, on that part which is 
ſhut bp from the maine {ea (as in all ehofe aboue mentioned) the lelle and lelle the tives rile and 
fall, Che like whereof allo happeneth in Mare Glaciale, which proueth but mall continuance 


8 Allo, the further pee goe toward the Catt in Mare Glaciale, the leſſe fale the water is: 
a which could not happen, if te were open ro the falt Hen towards the Eatt,asitisto the Wek one 
ler eng. Ip, ſeeing Euery thin naturally ingendreth his like: and then must it be like fale thzoughout, 


effect, 
10 And pet ik the Sunne were of fufficient koꝛce in that eleuation, to preuaite againſt this ice, 
vet mut it be token before it can be diſſolued, which cannot be but thꝛough the long continuance 
ol the funne aboue their Horizon, and by that time the Sommer would be ſo farre ſpent, and ſo 
great darkenes and cold enſue, that no man could be able to endure lo cold, darke, and difcomfortas 
ble a nauigation, if it were polſible for him then, and there to liue. a 
11 Further, the ice being once bꝛoken, it mu of force fo dziue with the windes and tides, 
that no chip can laile ig thole leas. ſeeing our Fithers Of Alland, and the Nrw found land, are ſub · 
fect to vanger though the great Iſlands of Ice which fleete in the Beos (to the lailers great dan · 
ger) farre to the South of that pꝛeſuppoſed pallage. g 
12 And it cannot be that this Roꝛtheaſt paſſage ſhould be any netrer the South, then befoge 
reciten, for then it ſhould cut olf Ciremiſi » €Turbi Tartari, with Vxeſucani, Chiſani, and others 
fromehe Continent of Afia, which are knowen tebe aiopning to Scythia, Tataria, cc. with the 
other part of the fame Continent. : 
Aud tf ehere were any thozome pallage by the Koꝛtheaſt, vet were it to Small ende and 
purpole lo our traffique, becaule no thippe of great burden Can Mauigate in ſo hallow a Sea: 
and 


ſhippin 
alfo of t 
places: 

6q 
by whic 
Anthro 
them as 

Sot 
were dj 
ſage. 

7 ® 
paſſed th 
obne na 

8 Al 

9 Ali 
out of th 
vs to Cat 


bwe/t pa. North weſt paffage. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 19 


— aw —— — vnlit ¢ vnproficable elpeciallptowatbs the bluſtering Moꝛth, 
if all the South 

— ag To prooue that the! ndians aforenamed,came only by the North. 
o cold, and too weſt, which induceth a cettaintie ofour paflage by experience, 

vil fo fiffen and 


Cap, 7, a 
T is an libely that they came by the Nozth well, as it ia vn ſhely that they ſhould come either 
our experience 4 1 the Douthealt, Douchwetk, Nontheall, o7 from any other part of Aftica on America „ and 
vichout the vle therefore thts Nuthweld palſage batung bene alre able lo Many wapes pꝛoucd, by difproouing 


5 ol the others, ac. A ſhall the lelle ne ede in this plate, to ble many words other wile then to con⸗ 
le, that no man clude i this ſozt, That they came onely by the Northweſt from England, hauing theſe many 
realone to leade me ther 

B mutt of force Fiel, the one halle ol the windes of the compaſſe might bzing them bythe Mozthwell, bea⸗ 
nthe Andians ring alwapes betwerne two ſheatg, with which kind of fapling the Indians are onely acquainted, 

‘ hot hauing any fe of a bow line, oz quarter winde, without the which no hip can pollibly come 
flood , ſenſibly cither bp the Southeatt, Southwett op Portbeatk, hauing fo many fund»y Capes to double, 
onto a main Bh whereunto are required fuch change and (hift of windes. 
mefis, and all 5 And it ſeemeth likely that they ſhould come bythe Mopthwweld, becauſe the coat whereon N i 
ut on one part they were dpiuen, lap E alt from this our pattage , And all windes doe naturally driue a thip to Jab dd ae 
ID none other, 5 an oppoſite point from whence it bloweth, not being other wiſe guided by Arte, whichthe In: — — 
: and therfore N. dians do vtterly want, ¢ therefope it feemeth that they tame directly through this our fret, which bu,” 
annot polſibly N they might doe with one wind. f 

: Fon lf they had come by the Cape de buona Speranca,then mutt they (as afopefaid) haue 

| are : fallen vponthe South parts of America, 
ides rife an 


4 Aud if by the fret of Magellan, then vpon the coatts of Aftike, Spaine »Portugall, France, 
| continuance Ireland 93 England, 

5 Andik by the MNortheatt,chen vpon the coatts of C eremiſſi, Tartarij, Lappia, Iſland „Terra 
2 is: de Labrador, & c. and pon theſe coatts (ag aloneſaid) they haue neuer bene found. 
be Melt on⸗ 


Do that by all like lih. od they could neuer haue come without (hipwpacke von the coaſtes ot 

thꝛoughout, Germanie, it they had lirũ ſtriken vpon the coaſtes of fo many countries, wanting both Arte and 
fhipping to make owerly vite couerp, and altogether ignozant both in the Arte of Mauigation, and 

and ſuch like alfoof the Rockes, Flats, Sands 02 Pauens ok thole parts of the woglo, which in mot of thele 
cof by the rie places are plentifull. i 

6 And kurther it Ccemeth bery likely, that the inhabitants of the moſt part of thole countries, 
vaies frozen by which they mutt haue come any other wap belides by the Noꝛthwelt, being for the moſt part 
being in the Anthropophagi, o; men eaters, would haue deudured them llaine them, oz (at the leaſt wile) kept 
being but ol them as wonders for the gaze. 

Ounne not Oo that it plainclp appeareth that thole Indians (which as pou haue heard in ſundzy ages 

— a 1 0 dziuen by tempelt pon the hope of Germanie ) came onelp through our jRogthwet pate 
heate at a age. 


 wanteth in 


7 Boreouer, the pallage is certainely pꝛooued bpa JQauigation that a Poztugall made, who 
paſſed through this fret, gluing name to a Pꝛomontoꝛie farre within the ſame, ca’ ting it alter his 
oboe name, Promontorium Corterialis, nere adiopning vnto Polifacus fluuiu:, 


inſt this ice, 
rontinuance 
ent, and ſo 
ifcomfogtas 


and tides, 
nd, are fubs 
great dan · 


dit delired bim not in any witeconittieien 
Ca ehe hug) if Cuplond had knowledge 


and 


Suhr u Firtt, it is voubtrull whether 


20 TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, Northwe/t paff. 


Lbs tooidsof and experience thereof, it would gteatly hinder both the king of Spame andme. This Frier 
Festen (as Saluaterra reported) was the greatelt Dilcouerer by lea, that hath bene in dur age. Alla Sal. 
e uaterra being perlwaded of this paſlſage by the ktier Vrdaneta, and by the common opinion ol 


Chꝛiſt. Alſo Quintus Curtius where he ſpeaketh of the conquetts of Alexander) men 

India. Alfo, Arianus, Philoſtratus, and Sidrach in bis diſcourſes of the warres of the king of Ba- 
Cris, and of Garaab, tubo had the moſt part of India bnder bis gouernment. All which aſſurethvs, 
that boch India and Judians were knowen in thoſe dapes. 

Chele things conſidered, we may (in my opinion) not only alſure our ſelues of this paflage by 
the Mozthwell, but alſo that it is nauigable both to come and go, as hath bene pꝛooued in part and 
in all, bp the experience of diuers, as Sebaſtian Cabota, Corterialis, the thꝛee bꝛethꝛen aboue nae 
men, the Indians, and Vrdaneta the Frier of Mexico, cc. 

And pet not withſtanding all this, there be ſome that haue a better hope of this paſlage to 


Cataia by the Noztheaſtehen by the UAleſt, whole reafons with my ſeuerall antweres enſue in 
the chapter following. ; 


Certaine reafons alleaged for the proouing of a paſſage by the 
Northeaſt, beſore the Queenes Maieſtie, and certaine Lords ofthe Coun. 
fell, by Maſter eAnthonie Jen inſor, with my ſeuerall anſweres then vſed to the ſame. 


Cap. 8. 
B Ecaule you may vnderſtand as well tbole things alle aged againſt me, as what doth ſerue foꝛ 
my purpofe, I haue here added the realons ol Patter Anthony Ienkinfon a woꝛthy gentle: 
man, and a great traueller, who conceiued a better hope of the pallageto Cataia from vs, to be 
bp the Noztheaſt, then by the Noꝛthweſt. 
de Roth ⸗ De fri ſaid that he thought not to the contrary, but that there was a paſlage by the Moꝛth⸗ 
wet patlage weft, arcoꝛding to ti’ opinion: but alſured he was, that there might be found a nauig able pal⸗ 
ended mig. ſage bythe Iorthes rom England, to goe to all the Catt parts of the world, which be ende ⸗ 
uoured to pꝛooue thꝛee wayes. * 
a. ira rea The fir was that he heard a Fiſherman of Tartaria lay in hunting the Morce that be ſapled 
* very farre towards the Southe alt, finding no end of the Dea: whereby he hoped a thoꝛom pate 
ſage to be that way. 
Che antes 05 hereunto J anfweren, that the Tartarians were a barbarous people, and vtterly ignoꝛant 
uon. in the Arteof Nauigation, not knowing the vle ol the Sea Card, Compalle oꝛ Otarre, which he 
tonfelled to be true: and therfore they could not (ſaid ) certainly know the Doutheat from the 
I2optheall,in a wide fea, and a place vnknowen fromthe light of the land. 
D2 ik be failed any thing neere the Chore , pet he (being ionozant ) might be vereiued by the 
doubling of many points and Capes, and by the trending of the land, albeit he kept continually 


alongſt the ſhoꝛe. 

And further, it might be that the ¢Fitherman through linpliritie thought thatthere was 
nothing that way but fea, becauſe he law no land: which pꝛoofe (vnder conection ) giueth mall 
Roobeae, aſliirante ofa Nnugable ten bythe Nantteact, to goe round about the world, For thathe iudged 

bythe eye onely, ſering tue in this our cleare aire doe account twentie miles a ken at Wes. 

Chetecond Dis ſecond reaſon is, that there was an Ginicoynes borne found spon the toaſt of Tartaria, 
guten which could not come (ald be )chicher by anyother meanes then mith the tides, thꝛough lome free 
tn the Noꝛtheaſt of Mare Glaciale,there being no Cinicome in anp part of Afia, ſauing in India 
and oe evonert baer ee bue kozceth as litle, 
tous 


boknot an Cinicomes anne, ves, 


2: and iF i: were one, pet it is not crevible the ea coulo haue dꝛiuen it la farre of 
. tot net — 21 di i 5 


Allo 


JAH 
oꝛ diſp 


in any tei 
to S. Nicl 
S. Nichol 
is at the li 


a) 
nme paff. 
me, This Frür 
wage, Alſo Sal. 
nmon opinion of 
this Dilcouerp, 


vozves, In the 
d peeres before 
er) men 

the king of Ba- 
ich aſſurethvs, 


his pallage by 
ued in part and 
ben aboue na⸗ 


bis palare to 
veres enſue in 


ge by the 
fthe Coun- 
to the ſame. 


doth ſerue foꝛ 
ozthy gentle⸗ 
om vs, to be 


y the Noꝛth⸗ 
wigable pal⸗ 
hich he ende ⸗ 


hat he faplen 
thozow pale 


rly ignoꝛant 
tte, which he 
att from the 


riued by the 
continually 


ithe iudged 
Dea. 


Chrtion op eathen it being out of al their 


Allo the tides running coo and fro, would baue dꝛiuen it as farre ba 
bought it forward with the flood. f eee 
There is allo a beaſt called Aſinus Indicus (whole home moſt like it was) which bach but one 
hogne like an Unicozne in his forehead, whereof there is great plenty in allehe Nozth parts ther 
unto adioyning, as in Lappia, Noruegia, Finmarke, &c, as lacobus Zieglerus wziteth in his 
hiſtozie of Scondia, 


boꝛne in his forehean like to an Uni⸗ 
ence it came, and whether it were an 


Dis chiro and lat reafon was, that there came a cantinuall ſtreame oz current 


248 it 


coꝛne, and therefore it ſeemeth very doubtrull both from wh 


Northweft paſſage. Traffiques and PBiſcoueries- 


21 


through Mare cbs tbieo and 


that it pou cat any thing therein it * allertion. 
ſently be carried out of ſight towards the Tel. ; e e 


| 0oue a pallage to Carai 
Noꝛtheaſt, with my ſeuerall anſweres thereunto: fo will 4 ald it to 105 15 ee 


How that the paſſage by the Northweft is more commodious 
for our traffique, then the other by che Eaſt, if there were any ſuch. 
ps Cap. 9. 
Fete the Joptheatt (il your winves doe not giue you a maruelous ſpeedie e luckie pa 
vou are in danger (being foneere the Pole) to be benighten almoſt the one balfe of che peere, 
and what danger that were to line fo long comtoꝛtleſſe, volde oflight, (it the cold killed pou not) 
dge 


5 times nauigable, whe 
vou baue but 4. moneths in the whole yeere to goe by the Mozeheatt: bepattage being a luchele⸗ 
uation as it is foꝑmeriy ermeſſed, eit cannpt be any neerer the South. 


the Beptentrionall latitude, it 
the end ol pour 


fundgp windes, and 
ip prolonged, and hardly enpuren fo neere the ~ As we axe caught by fir ugh Willoughbie, 


7 SPowouer,it ws very noubefiti,toherber we ſhould tran 9 
betas gebenen ane abe one be eee 
wandern ofbimfeteame lg dong, 8 e e: 


bauung lo great oppoptumtie to peter the emmetenef e emen p ür fler, bela, 


pin ta a ae l re ber deepest nie ang, 
kraden. . Ii ny: ; 


8 did 


lus, by Pontus Euxinu Si- Sheantuer ag 
nus Boſphorus, and along the coaſt of Gtæcia, c. Asitis affirme 8 at 


ution. 


ori 


—— 


| 
i 
{ 
i 
i 
' 
Pee 

} 


22 TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, Northweft pal. 
T TT 


es dominions are neerer the sRorth welt paflage then any other 
great princes that might palle that Wap, and both in their going and returne, they mutt ol necefs 
5 aha themfelues and their hips bpon fome part of the lame, if any tempeſtuous weather 
ould happen. N 
Further, no princes nauie of the wo Nd is able to incounter the Queenes Maieſties nauie, as 
it is at this pꝛeſent: and pet it ſhould be greatly increaſed bp the traffike inſuing vpon this dilco⸗ 
uerie, koꝛit is the long voyages that increaſe and maintaine great ſhipping. 
No it leemeth nec ellarie to declare what commodities would growe thereby, if all tyefe 
things were, as we haue heretofore pꝛeſuppoſed, and thought them to be: which next adioyning 
are bꝛieſip declared. 


What commodities would enſue, this paſſage once diſcouered. 


Cap. 10, 
Fi were the onely way fop our princes, to polleſſe the wealth of all the Galt parts (as 
thep terme them ok che world, which is infinite: ae appeareth bp the experience of Alexander 
the great, in the time of his conquettof India, and other the Eat Parts of the worlo, alleaged by 
Quintus Curtius, which would be a great aduancement to our countrep, a wonderfull inriching 
tau our prince, and an nf cakable commoditie to all the inhabitants ol Euro e. 

2 Foꝛ though the f optnelie of the voyage, we ſhould be able to lell all mancr ol merchandize, 
bꝛought from thence karre better cheape then cit! er the Portugal oꝛ Spaniardoorh Of map do. 
And kurther, we ſhould hare withthe Poztugall in the Cate the Spantard in the Weft, bytra⸗ 
ding to any part of America, thoum Mar del Sur, where they tan no maner of way offend vs. 

3 Allo we might faple to diuers very rich cauntrers, both ciuill and others, out o both their 
iuriſdictions, trades and traſkikes, where there is to be found great abundance ok golde, luer, 
precious tones, cloth of gold, ſilkes, all maner of ſpices, grocerp wares, and other kinds of mer: 
thandtze of an ineſtimable price, which both the Spaniard and oztugall, though the length ol 
their iournies, cannot well attaine vnto. is. 

4 Alfo we might inhabite lome part of thole countryes, and ſettle there ſuch needy people of 
our countrey, which now trouble the common wealth, and thꝛough want here at home are info2< 
ced to commit outragtous offences, wherebythey are daxly conſumed withthe gallowes. 

5 Poꝛeouer, we might from all the aloꝛeſaid places haue a peerely returne, inhabiting for our 
ſaple fone conuenient place of America, abollt Sierra Neuada,oz ſome other part, wheras it thal 
feeine belt fo; the ſhoztning of the vopage. 14 

6 Bilive vttering of our countrey commodities, which the Indians, &c, much eftecme : ag 
appeareth in Heſter, where the pompe is erpꝛellevot the great king of India, Aſſuerus, who mats 
chen the coloured clothes, wherewith his houles and tents were apparellen, with gold and ſiluer, 
as part of his greateſt treaſure: not mentioning either veluets, filkes, cloth ok gold, cloth of fils 
uer . oz Cuch like, being in thole countrexes moſt plentifull: where by it plainly appearech in what 
great eſtim tion they would haue the clothes of this our countrex, ſo that there would be found a 
karre better vent foꝛ them by this meanes, then pet this realme euer had: and that without depen· 

ding either vpon France, Spaine, Flanders, Portugall, Hamborow, Emden, o; any other part 
of Europe. au : : 

2 Allo, here we hall inereate both our chips and mariners, withont burt ing of the ſtate. 

8 And allo haue occalion to let poope mens chtlozen to learne hanvie craktes, and thereby to 
make krilles and uch like, which the Indians and tho le people do mucheſteeme: by reaſon where 
1 occalton to haue our countreꝝ combped with loiterers, vngabonds, and ſuch 
like tote: ons. 1 j * 

Alcheſe commodities would grow by following this our vifconerp, without iniury done to as 
ny Chyilttan pꝛiare, by croſſing them in anp of their vled trades, whereby they might take anp 
{uf occalion of offence, as f 510 7 
Thus haue 2 Mtellp ſhewed youſome part or the grounds of mine opinion, truſting that von 
will no longer lunge nie kanraltic ke in this matter : ſreing J haue cone ed no baine hope of this 
2 amperkwaredthereunto by the belt Tofmogrephers of our age, the fame being cons 

Loch by renter anv cerchine e er. b sheabena B 
ne Path Sette dicke times heretoloze bp others both offered, attempted, any 
petfo? Ferre in, 11 j : ö 
It hath bene offeren by Stephan Gomes onto Carislus the litt Emperour, inche yeere 4 dur 
49 oD 


lia, to p 
diſcoue 


02 
it, neith 
ted himl 
touching 
wap thit 
ok their 

And i 
the knon 
And a 


thwefl 27 


age then any other 
hep mutt of necele 
welkuous weather 


aietties nauie, ag 
g vpon this dilco⸗ 


ereby, if all theſe 
ch next adiopning 


liſcouered. 


e Catt parts (as 
tee of Alexander 
orl, alleaged by 
derfull inriching 


ol merchandize, 
ddoth oz map do. 
the Wert, bytra⸗ 
bap offend vs. 

out ot both their 
rok golde, ſiluer, 
er kinds of mer: 
ghche length of 


needy people of 
home are mfo2- 
rallowes. 

habiting fop our 
t, wheras it ſhal 


ich eſteeme: ag 
uerus, who mat⸗ 
gold and ſiluer, 
d, cloth of {ts 
peareth in what 
ould be found a 
without depen· 
anp other part 


rok the ſtate. 

and thereby to 
reafon where⸗ 
bonds, and ſuch 


done to as 
mela take any 


that pou 
nebope of 
me being cons 


tempted, and 


pere of our 
Low 


Noorel weſt paſſage. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 23 
L020 Govt 5 2 7, as Alphonſo Vilua teſtiꝰeth in the ſtoyy of Carolus life: who would haue ſet 
hum ſozeh tn it(as the ory mentioneth)ik che great want or money, by reafonof his long warres 
had not rauſed him to ſurteaſe the fame, 
And the king of Ponugall kearing leaſt the Emperour would haue perleuered in this his ens 
kerpꝛiſe gaue him to leaue the matter vnattempted, the ſumme ol 350000 crownes: and it is to hie vicoues 


be thought that the king of Portugall would not haue giuen to the Emperour ſuch Semmes of r offered. 
money fo) egges in mooneſhine. 


It bath bene attempted bp Sebaſtian Cabota in the time of ki Henry the feuenth ,bp Cor. 
terialis the Poytugall, nd Scolmus the Dane. mg y ch, by Cor This difcouss 


: tp attempted. 

And it hath bene pe ozmed by thꝛee hethen, the Indians aforetaip and bp Vrdaneta the Eis difcones 

tier of Mexico, j rp perfouned, 
Allo diuers haue offered the like unto the Ftench king, who hath lent two 62 three times to 

haue dilcouered the ſame: The difcouerers ſpending and conluming their victuals in fearching 

the gulkes and bapes bee weene Florida and Terta de Labrador, whereby the pce 


is bꝛoken to the 
after commerg, 

Do chat the right way may now cally be found out in ſpoꝛt time: and that with litle ieoperdie 
and leſſe expences, 


Foꝛ America is diſcouered ſo farre towardes the Nozth as Cape Frio, which is at 62 degrees, 
and that part of Grondland nert adiopning is knowen to land but at 72 degrees. So that wee Che labour ot 
haue but 10 degrees to laile Mozth t Douth,toput the woꝛld out of doubt hereok: a 
that the king of Spaine, and the king of Portugall would nat haue 
they are {uve to poſſeſſe to themſelues all that trade they nom vle, 
uerp, leaſt the Queenes Paieſtie hauing fo good oppoztunitie, an 
thereby might enlue to the common wealth, would cut them off, and enioy the whole traffique to 
ber ſelke, and thereby the Spaniards and Poztugals, with their great charges, ſpould beate the 
buth, aud other men catch the lurds: which thing they fozeſeeing, haue connnandev that no pilot of Spaine ang 
ol theirs vpon paine of death, Gould fecke to bifcouer to the Nozchweſt, 
card any thoꝛow paſlage that way by the MNonrthwer, 
How, and tf pou will indiffer entiy compare the hope that remainerh to animate me tothis en⸗ 
terprile, with thole likelthoods which Columbus alleaged beloꝛe Ferdinando the king of Cafti. 
lia, to pꝛooue that there were luch Blands in the Melt Ocean, as were after by him and others 
diſcouered to the great commodity of Spaine and all the wozld: pou will thinke then this Nozth⸗ — 
weſt paſlage to be mot woꝛthy trauell therein. 
$02 Columbus had none of the Melt Jlands fet fooꝛthvnto him, either in globe 02 card, nei⸗ 


ther yet once mentioned okany witer (Plato excepted, and the commentaries vpon the lame) from 
542 peeres before C hid, vntill tbat dap. 


Moꝛeouer, Columbus himlelle had neither ſeene America noꝛ anyother of the Jlands about 
it, neither vnderſtood he ol them by the repoꝛt of anp other that had ſeene them, 


{ reftoot pot but only confor. 
ted himlelfe with this hope, that the land had a beginning where the Bea had an ending: for ag 
touching that which the Spaniards doe vnite of à Biſcaine » Which chould haue taught him the 
Way thither, it is thought to be imagined of them, to depziue Columbus of his honour, being none 
of a band man, 17 0 ttranger boꝛne. 

nd ik it were true ok the Bifcaine, vet did he but roue at the matter, oꝛ Cat e leaſt ) gatheren 
the knowledge ol it. by coniectures onelp. eee Dgathere 


nin albeit 54755 ty not n pallage 02 anp part thereof 
touching experience (as Colum us was be toe his attempt made t haue J both the r t, re⸗ 
lation,and authopitie of piucrs mot credible men, chia Abo 8 


and kuerp part of this diſcouerp, belldes Cundgp realons for my allurance thereof: 
lumbus wanted. 


Thee things conſidered, indifftrently weigher rogither, with the wonderfull commmonicies 
which this diſcouery may bring, efpecially to this realme ot England: I mutt needes conclude 
with learned Baptifta Ramufius,anp Ditersother learned men, who laid, that this dilcouery bath 
bene relerued fop Come noble PINCe OF Woorchie man, thereby to make bumſelle rich, and the wozlo 
heppie:deſiring pou to acceptin goon part this batefe and fimple ifcourfe 


uss, 


if Imap perceiue that it all t ſuñcienciy ſatiſũie this bebalfe 1 — 
i Imap norco fit Hall not lu cientiy fi vou in ebalfe, I will then i art vnto 
roua large diſrourſe, which J haue wzitten onelx of this diſcouery. i — 


fe. further, becaule it ſufficeth not only ta knom that ſucha thing there is, without abilitie te 


ane the fame, J wil at leaſure make pou partaker ol another b 
wherein 


24 TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, \ortheft pe. 


wherein J haue not a litle trauelled, to make my felfe as ſufficient to hing theſe things to effect, 


as J haue bene teadie to offer my felfe therein. b 155 1 
And therein J haue deuiled to amend the erroꝛs of vſuall lea car 8, whole common fault is, to Ri 0 
make the degrees ol longitude in euery latitude of one like bigneſſe. i N 
And haue allo deuiſed therein a Spherical indtrument, with a compaſſe ot variation fo the per 1 
fect knowing of the longitude. : 
And a precile oꝛder to pricke the Cea cary together with certatne infallible rules fo2 the ſhoꝛt · oe 
ning of anp dilcouerp, to know at the ſirſt entring of any fret , whether it lie open to the Ocean m 
mode wapes then one, how karre ſoeuer the fea ſtretcheth it lelle into the land. a 5 
Deliring you hereafter neuer to millike with me , for the taking in hande of any laudable and 5 
honeſtenterpziſe: fo if though plealure op idleneſſe we purchale ſhame, the pleature vaniſheth, 1 b 
but the ſhame remaineth for euer. i J 
peress qui vm. And therefoꝛe to giue me leaue without offence, alwayes to liue and die in this mind, That he 9 
brastimes, is not worthy to liue at all, that for feare, or danger of death, fhunneth his countries feruice, 5 
and his owne honour: feetng death is ineuitable, and the fame of vertue immoatall, Theres Mh 
fore in this bebalfe, Adurare vel simere [perno, . 
Certaine other reafons,or arguments to prooue a paſſage by the ie | 
Northweft, learnedly written by M. Richardiviles Gentleman. ledf 
E Dure famous wapes there be ſpoken ok to thole fruitkull and wealthie Illands, which wee ae 
doe vlually call Moluccaes , continually haunted for gaine, and dayly trauelled fz riches : 
therein growing. Thele Jlands, although they ſtand Catt from the Meridian, diſtant almolt lietl 
halle the length of the wozlde, in extreame beate, vnder the Equinoctiall line, polleſſed of Gu: th 0 
fidels and Batbarians: pet by our neighbours great abundance ok wealth there is paine⸗ K A 
fully ſought in reſpect of the voyage deerely bought, and from thence vangeroully bꝛought home att 
bntovs, Dur neighbours J call the Portugals in comparifon of the Molucchians for neere⸗ | 
nelle unto bs fo? like ftuation Clenward as me haue, fo; thetr blunlltrade with ws, fo that the oe 
karre Sourheatterlings doe knowe this part of Europe bp no other name then Portugall , not mau 
greatly acquainten as pet with the other Nations thereof. Their vopage is very well vnder⸗ we 
1 Ey the ood ok all men, and the Southeaſterne way round about Afrike by the Cape of Good hope moze facet 
Sousheat. dona better knomen and trauelled, then that it may ſeeme needfull to dilcourſe thereof any 0 a ; 
urther. ö 
2 spre „ Chelerond waplpeth Bouthwel, berweene the ciel India oz South America, mo the 5000 
Soupwet. Douth continent, ehꝛough that narrow ſtraight where Magellan firſt of all men that euer we i a 
doe read of, paſſed theſe latter peeres , leauing thereunto therefore his name. This way no 8 
doubt the Spantardes would commodioully take, koꝛ that it lyeth neere vnta their dominiong an fei 
Thus is an er⸗ there, could che Eaſterne currene and leuant windes as ealily ſuffer them to returne, as ſpeedily nite : 
vey therwichther may be tarrien thither: for the which difficultie, oz rather impotlibility of friuing 11 17 
agatntt che force both ok winde and ſtreame, this pallage is litie oz nothing bled, although it be . dy | 
very well knowen. th 5 
3 we e Che chirv wap by the ofthealt, beyond ell Europe and Aſia, that wozthy and tenowmed 1 
Moupeat, knight fir Hugh Willoughbie ſaughtto his perill, enfoꝛced there to ende his life fox colde, cons i 
gealed and frozen to death. And truely this way conliſteth rather in the imagination of Geogra⸗ Roth 
phers, then allowable either in realon, oꝛ appoued bp experience, as well it map appeare by the ally cal 
Ae Dangerous trending of the Scythih Cape let by Ortelius vnder the 80 degree orth, by the vn dal b 
4. 3. likelp failing in chat faontherne fea alwapes clad with pce and Cnotw,op at the leatt continually pee lage th 
med therewith, tEbappilpit be at any time dillolued: belives hayes and ſbelkes, the water waxing done 
mode hallow toward the Cat, chat we lap nothing ofthe foule mitts and derke fogs in the coll pie vil 
er of the litle 7 of the Sunne ta cleare the alte or the vncumtoztable nighes , la nere the ie 35 
E ue monet > ‘ . 
4 y the A fourth wap to go unto thee aforefain happy Nands Moluccæ lit Humfrey Gilbert a leut · percetu 
Rovbeat. nev ann baliane knight diſcourleth of at large in his newpallage to Cathayo, Che enterpꝛiſe of that old 
it feife being vertuous,the fact matt doubelelle veſerue high praife, and whenfoeuer it (hal be finis ſoeuer l 
then, the vag e „ guide r fame a follower, ¢ fortune 9951 5 
Sconmpanton, But the wap is danger dus. che p Ae doubt uli, the botage not thꝛoughiy knowen, 6 
evefore gainelaid by many, after this maner. tins alizts t 


and 
pb. 1. Fick, who can allure vs of any pallage rather by the Nozthwelt then bp the Aozthe alt ꝛ vor 
i not 


— — 
n pe. 
le things to effect, 
mmon fault is, to 
tation fog the pers 


les fo the thore: 
lento the Ocean 


my laudable and 
pature banitherh, 


is mind, That he 
untries feruice, 


oatall, Ahere⸗ 


lage by the 
an. 


nds, which wee 
telled for riches 
, diſtant almolt 
polleſſed of Tins 
there is paine⸗ 
y brought home 
ians fo; neere⸗ 
vs, for that the 
Portugall, not 
tp well vnder⸗ 
ood hope more 
fe thereof any 


erica, and the 
Lihat euer we 
This way no 
eit Dominions 
ne, as ſpeedily 
lity of ftriuing 
Although it be 


nd renowmed 
02 colde, cons 
on of Geogra⸗ 
ppeare by the 
nth, by the bn» 
ontinually pee 
water waxing 
s in the cold 
, ſo nere the 


silbere a tears 
enterpꝛiſe of 
it thal be lini⸗ 
ber, ¢ fortune 
rhly knowen, 


ntheatts poe 
not 


nop able to fetch the Molucca ſpices and pearle foꝛ piracie inthoſe Se 
Aliens to enter into China, and fozbidding all the inhabit 


7... ——ʒ aS = . 47 Seer e 
Northwe/t paſſage. I. raffiques, and Difcoueries. 25 
not both wayes lye in equall diftance from the Moꝛzth Pole: Stand not the Moth Capes of ey⸗ 

ther continent vnder like eleuation : Is not the Ocean ſea bepond America farther dillant from 

our Meridian by 30, 02 40. degrees Wick, then the extreame poyntes of Cat 


ö hayo Caſtward, if 
Ortelius generall Carve ofthe World be true: In the Mozcheaſt that noble Knight S 
Willoughbie periſhed foꝛ colde: and can pou then promife a pallenge 


P2 Hugh In Theatrs 


e lad Virgil, being of opin; 
that Ifland was the extreme part of the world habitable to ward the Nofth. doeh Polen 
ine, co knowledge men able to be compared wit 


the one in his halfe Spheres ok the whole wozld, the other in ſome ok his 


ozth Pole, and conſequently, 


The ſame doctoꝛs, Mercator in other of. his globes and mappes, Moletius in his ſea Carve, ne⸗ 
uerthe leſe doubting ok fo great continuance okthe fomer continent, haue opened a gulke bet wirt 


Moꝛztherne land: but luch aone, that either is not to rauel⸗ 
led fop the caules in the lirſt obiection alledged, oz cleane thy op fr 7 


am vs in Europe by Groen- 
land: the South ende whereok Moletius makethlürme land wit America, the 3; 2 
tinent with Lappeland and Norway. ‘ the Naaith part con 
Thirdlp, the greateſt kauourers of this boyage can not denie, but that 
lieth ſubiect vnto pee and {now forthe moſt part of the peere 
the kroſtie 15 Gefore the une hath warmer the app 
knoweth that there can be no ailing: the pce once broken though the continuall abode ti 
matetha certaine feafoninthote parts, how hall it be pollible fo f ae 
is, to 1170 aut 1 sdaetalnbe ag 1 were of pce continually beating on eche 
mouth ok that gulle, iſliing downe furion v krom the noꝛthj and lalel topalle, when 2 
taines of yce and {now ſhall be tumbled downe vpon her: b elk, When pole moun 
Gell, graunt the Welk Indies not to tontinu 
lage betweene thele two lands, let the gulfe lie neerer vs then comm 


— — 


palſage by Sea though Moſcouia into Pont Euxine 
atoꝛe laid Mediterranean ſea, we laile to Alexandria in 
and {pices from the Moluccaes vp the Ned lea oz Arabian gulphto Sues, f. 
iourney froin the alozeſapd hauen: pet haue wee no way by fea from Alexandria (0 the Moluc. 
caes, fo that Iſthmos oꝛ litle ſtraight of land betweene the two ſeas. In like maner although the 
Roꝛtherne pallage be free at 6x degrees of latitude, a 

ally called Mar del Zur, knowen to be open at 40. d 
thꝛee hundzed leagues Noꝛtherly aboue Iapan: pe 


f i ir Mappe cut out in koꝛme o a 
perceives as thous the Clielt Indies were part af Aa ¢ me ol a Dart you may 


ö ag. Ok a lam denying all 
ets under a great penaltie to let in any 
Cc ſtranger 


26 


Cic. i. de otat. 
Atiſt. pri. 
Metaph. 


Lih, 1. Geog. 
Cap.2. 


Sol. 2. 


The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Norebweſt pafage. 


—— ae ep — 


ſtranger into thoſe countryes, thal! you reade in the repogt of Galeotto Perera there imprifonen 
withother Poztugals: as alſo in the Japoniſh letters, how foꝛ that cauſe the wozthy traueller 
Xauierus bargained with a Barbarian Merchant for a great ſumme of pepper to be bzought into 
Canton, a port in China, The great and dangerous piracte vfen in thoſe Seas no man can 
be ignozant of, that liaeth to reade the Iaponiſh and Eaſt indian hiſtozie. 

Fmallp, all this great labour would be loſt, all theſe charges ſpent in vaine, ik in the ende our 
trauellers might not be able to ret Utne againe, and bꝛing fafelp home into their owne natiue coun⸗ 


treythat wealth e riches, which they in kozrein reglons with abduenture of goods, ¢ danger ok their 


liues haue ſought foꝛ. By the Mortheat chere is no way, the South cat pallage the Portucals 
doe hold as the Loꝛds of thole Seas. Acp South wert Magellans experience hath partly taught 
vs, and partly we are perſuaded by reaſon, how the Caſterne current ſtrikethle furiouſſy on that 
ſtraight, and falleth with uch force into that narrow gulph. that hardly any ſhip can returne that 
wap into our Melt Ocean out of Mar del Zur. The which ikit be true, as truely it is, then wee 
may fap that the afoꝛe ſayd Eallerne current oꝛ leuant courſe of waters continually following afs 
ter che heauenip motions, looſeth not altogether his force , but is doubled rather by an other tur⸗ 
tent from out the Moztheaſt, in the pallage betweene America andthe Morth land, whither it is 
of necellity caryed: hauing none other way to maintatne it ſelke in circular motion, ¢ tanlequeut⸗ 
Ip the fogce and fury thereof tu be no leſſe in the ſtraight of Anian, where it trikce) South into 
Mar del Zur, beyond America (if anp ſuch ſtraighe of Sea there be) then in Magellans kret, both 
ſtraights being of like bꝛedth: as in Belognine Zalterius table of new France, and in Don Diego 
Hermano de Toledo his Card fo; nauigatton in that region we doe finde precifely let vowne. 

Meuertheleſle to approoue that there lyeth a way to Cathayo at the Nozihwelk from cut of 
Europe, we haue experience, namely of thꝛee brethren that went that iourney, as Gemma Priſius 
recoꝛdeth, and left a name onto that dtraight, whereby now it is called Fretum trum fratrum. ate 
doe reade againe of a Portugal that palled this ſtraight, of u hom Maſter Frobither ſpeaketh, 
that was imppifoncd therefore many peeres in Lisbone, to verifie the olde Spaniſh pꝛonerbe, J 
fuiter fo doing well. Litke wiſe Andrew Vrdaneta d Fryer ot Mexico came out of Mar del Zur 
this way intoGermanie: his Carve (for he was a great Diſcouerer) made by his owne experi⸗ 
elice and trauell in that voyage, hath bene leene by Gentlemen ol good credite. 

Now if the obſeruation and remembꝛance of things bꝛeedeth experience, and of experiente 
proceedeth arte, and the certaine knowledge we haue in all faculties, as the beſt Pbhilofophers 
that cuer were doe affirme: truelp the voyage ok theſe afoꝛelapdtrauellers that haue gone out ol 
Europe into Mar del Zur, and returned thence at the Nozthweſt, do moſt euidently concluve that 
wap to be nauigable, and that pallage free. Do much the moze we are fo tathinke, fo2 that the 
firſt pꝛinciple and chiefe ground in all Geographie, as Ptolome faith is the hiſtoꝛpot trauell, that 
is, repozts made by trauellers Chilful in Geometrie and Aſtronomie, of all ſuch things in their 
tourney as to Geographie doe belong. It onelp then remaineth, that we now anſwere to thole 
arguments that ſeemed co make againt this foꝛmer concluſion. f 

The lirſt obiection is of no foce, that generall table of the wo iy fet foꝛth by Ortelius oy Mer- 
cator, fo2 it greatly ſkilleth not, being vnckilfully dzawen kor that point: as manikeſtly it map 
appeate onto any one that conkerreth the fame with Gemma Friſius his vniuerſall Pappe, with 
his round quartered carde. with his globe, with Sebaſtian Cabota bis table, and Orte lius his ge⸗ 
nerall mappe alone, wozthily pꝛeferred in this cafe before all Mercator € Ortelius other doings: 
fox that Cabota was not onclp a Chilful Seaman, but a long traueller, and ſuch a one as entred 
perſonally that ſtraight, ent by king Henry the leuenth to make this akoꝛelayd Dilcouerie, as in 
his one diſcourſe of nauigation you may teade in his carde dꝛawen with his owne hand, that ihe 
mouth ofthe Nozthweſterne ſlraight lpeth nere the 318. Meridian, betweene 61. and 64. de⸗ 
grees in the eleuation, continuing the fame brent} about 10. degrees Melt, where it openeth 
Southerly moe and moe, vntill it come vnder the tropicke of Cancer, and lo runneth into Mar 
del Zut, at the leaſt 18. degrees moze in bꝛedth there then it was where it firtt began: otherwile 
A could as well imagine this pallage to be moze vnlikely then the voyage to Moſcouia, ane more 
impollible then it for the farve ſituation and continuante thereof in the froftie clime: as now a 
can affirme it to be verppollible and moſt likely in comparifon thereof, for that it neither coallech 
fofarre j202th as the Mofcouian palſage doeih, neither is this ſtraight lo long as that, befnre it 
bow downe Southerly towardes the Sunne araine, 

The Cecond argument concludeth nothing. Peolome knem not what was aboue ſixteene de⸗ 
grees South beyondthe Equinoctiall line, he was ignozant ok all paſſages Nonthward fram the 
eleuation of 63. degrees: he knewe no Ockan lea beyond Aſia, pet haue the Poztugals trended 


the 


X 


the ca 
Deea 
the M. 
Lappe 
uigatu 
mericé 
he fang 
Qu 
torrida 
maus a 
neere / 
to be in 
Co. 
credit o 
ſuow, y. 
places t 


of land { 
part of n 
follower 
Alexand 
oz thzee 
doth the 
as then J 
Mela. car 
wziters! 
then Plat 
ina ſpeci 
Ficinus, f 
ſtotle, Di 


A Ne 
where the 
place )as it 
ga, Duins 
wap doeth 
thalow = ft 
cap. 2. O20 
there toga 
ters engen 
ber. in 2. M 


fall contin 


28 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Nori weſſt paſſage. 
f mette withall alter that he had lailed no ſmall wap in that paſſage, ik there bee any Iſihmos 0 


America together: Chat concluſton frequenten in {choles Quicquid preter, &c. was meant of 
the partes of che woplothen knowen, and lo is it ok right to be vnderſtoor 

Sols, The fift obiet on requireth for anfwere wifedome and policie in the trauailer, to winne the 
Barbarians fauour by ſome good meanes: and ſo to arme and ſtrengthen himſelfe, that when he 
thal haue the repulfe in one coatt, he map ſafelp trauaile to another, commodiouſſy taking his cone 
uenient times, and diſcreetelp making choiſe of them with whom bee will thyoughly deale. To 
force a violent entry, would for vs Engliſhmen be very hard, conlidering the ſtrength and valour 
of fo great a Nation, farre diſtant from vs, and the attempt chereof might be moſt perillous vnto 


Couching their lawes again rangers, ou ſhall reave neuertheleſle in the lame relations of 
Galeotto Perera, that the Cathaian king is woont to graunt free acceſſe ynto all foꝛreineis that 


eim are pet this day to be leene. As for the 
Iapansthenbe moſt deſiteus to be acquainten with Mrangers, The Poningals though they were 
Ar aiely handler there at the lirſt, yet in the ende they found great fauour at the Pꝛince his hands, 


80l. e. Toche laſt argument. Our trauailers neede not to lecke their returne by the Nontheaſt, nei ⸗ 
ther Hall chev be contteainen, errept they lid, either to attempt Magellans ſtraight at the Souths 
welt oz to be in danger of the Portingals faxthe Southeatt: they may returne bythe Nozth welt, 

that lame way they doe goe koozth as experience hath ſbew ed. 

The reafon alleadged loꝛ pꝛooteof the conttarp map be bifproued after this maner. And firk 
it may be called in controuerſte, whether any current continually Le ed by the motion of Pri 
mum mobile, round abou the world, oz no? F; learner men doe dinerlip handle that queftion, 
The natutall courte of all waters is downeward, wherefoye of congtuence thep fall that way 


Loe Ih, ſerike fromthe Northzen landes < zutherlp. Uiolentiy the ſeas are toffed and troubled divers 
en wapes with che windes, entre ſed and diminiched bp the tourſe of che Mone, botfen vp x down 


What the kom the Eaſt unto the Celt, And this tber doe call their Caſterne current oz leuant ſlreame. 
Externe cur. sree he nenten mig nat be Denien tobe of grea fopceintbe bot Zone fo the neecenetie cers 

; of vnto the centre of the-Souane,and tinting Caderne würden pislentiydztning the feas Ueſt⸗ 
ward: hotubeit;in the tempetate climes, the Sunne being further off,¢ the windes More diuers, 
lo wing as much from cht Roꝛch the Wiett and South, as from the Catt, this rule doeth not efe 


saulerh al! atom paflages generally tobe mo violent. 0 hnulng l iche Anian guile, ff 
N hattow as Don Diego and Zalterius haue painted it out s auy retutne that way to bee 


* d, : en,; 121105 ‘ : 
Auer tealen fee I none at ally bu the I may as well giue credit onto their dings, 
*. . Ct. A toanpof che reit, It mutt be Peregrinationis hitoria, thet ts tiue reportes sf (Riltull trauat: 
Caps, lers, as Peolome wziteth, chat in {uch controuerlies ol Geographie nen. — 

32 ttelius 


2 
ſtraight of land betwirxt the aforefapd Mozthweſterne gulfe, and Mar del Zur, to ioyne Aſia and 


ſet ſa 
the b 
with 
who 
led ot 

T 
tomp 
to the 


to Swin 
roome u 
faire ſan 
thoms, a 
leake, an 
S. Tronic 
fo faiten 2 


hauing fi 


one leagu 


— 
e paſſage. 
Npaſſag 

any Iſthmos o9 


to ioyne Aſia and 
éc, was meant of 


er, to winne the 
fe, that when he 
P taking his cone 
ighlpdeale, Co 
ngth and valour 
ſt perillous vnto 


ime relations of 
| forretneis that 
naine in: as the 
pat coat to bee a 
ere lcattered as 
ene. Astor the 
ough they were 
zince ius hans, 


th, The ruve 
alle continually 
icca tothe Mo- 


| fay no moze of 


at Mauigation 


Roꝛtheaſt, nei⸗ 
at the South ⸗ 
Je Rozchwelk, 


mer. And ſirſt 
motion of Pri- 
that queſtion. 
Fall that way 
d, the (eas doe 
doubled Diners 
d p e downe 
inion, that the 
gell moueable 
ſpheres, art 
taut ſtreame. 
reneſſe there⸗ 
e ſeas & Aeſt⸗ 
moze diuers, 
doeth not el⸗ 


peir Doings, 
full traust: 
it. of doubt. 

Ortelius 


Ortelius in his pnitierfall cables, in his particular P 
Moꝛzthzen kingdomes, of the Call Indies, Merc ator i 
of the wold, Moletius in his vn uerſall table of the Globe diuſded, in his fea 


ler tables of the Catt Indies, Zalterius, and Don Diego, with Ferdinando 
doe fo much differ from Gemma Friſius and Cabota 


from themſelues, concerning the diuers ſituat ion ar 
nat fo rathly,as truely ſurmiſe, theſe men either to be i 


ſaid region, oꝛ that the Pappes they haue giuen out vnto the wozlo, were t 
and neuer of their owne dꝛawing. 


The firſt Voyage of M. Martine Frobiſher, to the North 
Sor the fearch of the firaight or paſſage to China, written b 


Matter in the Gabriel ana inade inthe ycereof our Lord 15 76, 


: and the || Mi. 
H fa chael ¢ our Pinneſle let faile at Rateliffe, and bare down to Det 
ve ancred: the cauſe was, that our ſpoinneſſe burt her boultſpꝛit, an 
Al Noe Aboarn of athip that rode at Detford 
che Cottrethen at Grenewich, 
um The s. day being 
let ſaile all thace obs, and bare downe | 
the bel ſhew we could: Per Paieſtie brholding the fame, cammended it, and bade vs karewell, 
with ſhaking her hand at vs out of the window. Afterward thee fent a Gentleman aboozd of vs, 
who declared that her aieſtie had good liking ok our doings, and than 


N led vs foy it, and allo wil: 
led our Captaine to come the next dap to the Court to take his leaue ol her. 


The fame day towards night p. Secretarie Woolly came abooꝛde of vs, and declared to the 


em charge to be obedient, and diligent 
and withed vs happie lucceſſe. 

The 12. dap being duer againſt Graueſend, by the caſtle oz blockt houle, we obſerued he lati⸗ 
tude, which was 5 1. degrees 3 3. min, And in that place the variation ok the Comp alle is 11. de⸗ 


The 24. dapat 2. ołthe tlocke alter noone, J had fight of Faire 
Moꝛth and by Eaſt, and when J bought it Nozihweſt and by Moch, it did tile at the Souther⸗ 
mol ende with a litle hommocke, and lwanpe inthe middes. 

be 25. dap from 4. to 8. a clocke in the topenoone , the winde at Nozthweſt an 
freth gale, J caſt about tothe Meſtward, the Southermoſt head of 
bead Noz ihnoꝛthwen from me, and the land ol Faire yle,@Ctett Southwee krom me. F lalled di⸗ 
rectlytothe Moꝛth head ok that laid land, ſounding as Jranne in, hauing 60. 50. and 40. fathoms, 
aud grapredde ſhels: and within halle a mile ok that J land, there are 36.fathoms, foꝛ J ſailed to 
that Illand to ſee whether there were anp roadeſteede foꝛ a 2 


» 48 alſo to take in fret} water, Iplped un 
roome with a ſound, which is called S. Tronions, and there did ancre in ſeuen fathoms Water, and 3! 
faire ſande. You haue comming in the ſounds mouth in the entri 


ing 27.15. 12.10. 9. S. and 7, fas ~ 
thoms, and the found Ipeth in Moꝛth nontbweſt, andthere we toade to addict ſunne, æſtonnebour 
tet at a Noth nozthwell ſunne, J fet ſaile from 


; and turned out till wee were cleare ofthe found, and 
fo lailed Atel to go cleare of the Iſland of F. i 


and alfo I ſounded Fowlay being oath from mee 
one league off that Illande, hauing fiftic kathome at the South head, and ſtreem e ground, like 
Cz 


broker 


M. Frobiſber. i. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


weſt, 
„Chriſtopher Hall, 


29 


appes ot the [ict Indies, ok all Aſia, of the 
u iome of his globes. and geuerall Moppes 


Carde, and particu⸗ 


Bertely, and others, 
among themfelues, and in Diners places 


1D ſund zy limits of America „that one may 
gnoꝛant in thoſe pines touching the afoges 
ollected one lx by then, 


Matthew 


wae Captaine 
ol eye spicpact. 


yle, being frambs 6. leagues Paice 1d 


Shotland called Swinborne Shotland, 


iſtance orice 
1 


une from the 
emth. 


owlay. And running off toward Fowlay,3 foundep, reriiy Aland, 
hauing fiftte fathome, and ttreamte ground, 


30 Tbe Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, (. Frobiſber. i. 
byoken otmell, and one ſhell being rede and white like mackerell. 
dent eg: The 27. dap at a South ſunne J did obſerue che latitude, the Wand of Fowlay being from 
Pere hen be⸗ me two leagues Catt Moptheatt: I found my ſelfe to be in latitude 5p. degrees, 39. min.ttuly ob⸗ 
. jen lerued, the winde at South outhwett: J ſailed Melt and by North. 
a b. From 12. to foure aclocke akternoone, the wind at South, a faire gale the ſhippe failed Nen 
and by Nozth 6. leagues, and at the ende of this watch, J lounded hauing Go. fat home, with little 
Hones and ſhels the Iſland irom vs 8. leagues € aft, 
July the irt. Che Grol July, from 4. to 8. a clocke, wee Cailen Cet 4. glaſſes 3. leagues, and at that pꝛe · 
fent we had fo much winde that we ſpooned afore the fea Southwet a. leagues. 
3. The 3. day we found our Compalle to bee varied one point to the c Aeuwards: this day from 
4. to 8. a clocke we failed (Ciett and by Moꝛth 6. leagues. 
Cos compaſe Krom 8. to 12. aclocke at noone I dleſt and by Moth 4. leagues. At that pꝛeſent J found our 
areas et: Compalſe to be varied 1 f. deg. and one 4. part tothe Cietwards, whichis one point. 
point. Che 11 day at a South aſt ſunne we had light of the land of Friſeland bearing from vs Click 
1e nozthweſk 16. leagues, and riling like pinacles of ſteeples, and all couered with {nowe, J found 
Falhnb. et Mp Celfein or. degr. of lalltuve. Klee falevto the ſhoare and could üinde no ground at 150. la 
thoms, we hoiſed out our boate, and the Captaine with 4. men rowed to the ſhoare to get on land, 
but the land lying full of pre, they could not get on land, and fo they came abooꝛd againe: Ie bad 
much adoe to get cleare of the pce by reaſon of the kogge. Pet from Thurſdap 8. a clocke in the 
nto Ming to Fridap ae noone we failcd Southweſt 20. leagues. 
Che is. dap at a Southeaſt ſunne Jfound the ſunne to be eleuated 33. rg. And at a Souths 
ſoutheaſt ſunne 40. deg. Oo Jobleruedit till J found it at the hig hel, and then it was eleuated 
The variation 52. deg. J iudgedthe variation of the Compalle to be 2. points and a balfe tothe LAleſtward. 
twapoie’ Che a:. dap we hadlighe of a great dnilt of pte, ſeeming a firme lande, and we cat ielward 
iber Wien. 70 to be clearcofit, f 
A great duft The 26. we had light ok a land ok pte: the latitude was 62. degrees, and two minutes. 
Ebeliernde . The 28. day in the mozning was very koggie: but at the clearing bp of the logge, wee had 
oke degrees fight of lande, which J luppoled to be Labrador, with great ttoze ot pce about the land: Jranne 
Sigbroriand in towards it, and fownved, but could get no ground at 100. fathom, and the pce being fo thicke, 
fuvporedto I could not get to the (hoare, and fo lap off, and came cleare of the pee, Upon Mundap we came 
baton * within amile of the thoare, and fought a harbozowe: all the ſownd was fullof pce, and our 

30. boate rowing a ſboare, could get no ground at a 100. fathom, within a Cables length ok the 
ſhoare: then we failed Eaſtnoztheaſt along the fhoare, fo? fo the lande lyeth, and the currant ig 
there great, ſetting Rozthealt, and Southwell: and ik we could haue gotten anker ground, wee 
would haue leene with what force it ha runne, but J iudge a ſhip may dʒiue a league and a halle, 
in one houre, with that tide. 

31. This dap at . of the cloke in the moꝛning, being faire and cleere, we hadſighe ofa head land, 
as we iudged, bearing krom vs nozth, and by Eat, and we Caiten Noꝛtheaſt, and by Morth to that 
land, and when we came thither, wee could not get to the lande fo yce: fo2 the pee Gretchen along 
the coat, ſo that we could not come to the land, by fiue leagues. 

nuguſt. Medneſday the fir of Augult it calmed, and in the after noone I cauſed my boate to be hops 
Te ſed out, being hard by a great Alland ol pte, and J and foure menrowen to that pte, and fotune 

4 ded within two Cables lengthok it, and had lirteene luhome, and little ſtones, and after that 
ſownded againe within a Minion thot, and had ground at an hundꝛeth kathome, and faire land: 

we fownded the next day a quarter of ample from it, and had lixtie fathome rough ground, and at 

that pꝛeſent being aboo d, that great Bland of pce fell one part from another, making a noyle 

as if a great cliff had fallen into the Sea, And at foure of the clocke Aſownded againe, and 

25 aval set and ſmall blacke tones, and little white ſtones, like pearles, The tide here did 

et to the ſhoare. 

10. Che tenth F cooke koure men, and my ſelfe, and rowed to Hoare to an Aland one league krom 
the maine, and there the flood letteth Southweſt alongeſt che ſboare, and it flo weth as neere as 1 
could iudge ſo too, I could not tarry to pꝛooue it, becauſe the ſhip was agreat way from me, and 
A keareda ogge: but when J came a ſhoare, it was alow water. J went top top of the Illand, 
and befoge A came backe, it was hied a foote water, and fo without tarrping J came abooꝛd. 

ey ene 5 1. we founn our latitude to be 63 vege. and eight mint en, and this dax we entred the 
degandg mn, The 12. wee (et lalle towardes an Alland called the Gabriels Alland, which was 10. leagues 

12. then krom vs. 5 
Me 


— 


M 
C 
the la 
there 
leagu 
L 


faire! 


withe 
to thet 
ward t 
men in 
their n 
they ro 
and bt 
fhoare 
and che 
broad fi 
not diff 
cheekes 
‘woo v 
the bott 
The 
kaine, w 
ing vs, 
in our b 
came in 
taine an 
which tl 
taken th 
The 
ded our 
ſound, at 
night. in 
The: 
and our! 
learne ne 
in giuing 
mas Wil 


obifher.t. 


lay being from 
min. ttulp obs 


pe ſailed Nel 
me, with little 


nd at that pre 
this day from 
nt I found our 


k. 

from vs (ict 
we, J found 
ind at 150. la⸗ 
o get on land, 
ine: Ie bad 
aclocke in the 


at a Souths 
was eleuated 
leſtward. 

edward 


ites, 

ge, wee had 
nd: Jranne 
ing fo thicke, 
day we came 
ce, and our 
length ok the 
he currant ia 
ground, wee 
e and a halle, 


a head land, 
North to that 
etched along 


eague from 
neere as J 
mme, and 
the Illand, 
boo d. 

ent red the 


o. leagues 
Me 


M. Frobiſber. i. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


Cle efpied a ſound, and bare with it, and came to a landle Bape, where we came to an anker, 
the land bearing Catt ſoutheaſt off vs, and there we rode al night in 8. kathome water. It floweth 
there at a Southeaſt Moone. IIe called it Priors fownd, being from the Gabriels Alland, tenne 

ages. 
8 Ee 14. we waled, and ranne into another ſownde, where wee ankered in 8. fathome water, 
faire ſand, end blac ke oaze, and there called our Hip, being weake from the wales vpward, and 
tooke in freſh water. N 

The 15. day we wailed, and ſalled to Priors Bap, being a mile from thence, 

The 16. day was calme, and we rode Mill, without pte, but pꝛeſently within two houres it was 
frozen round avout the ſhip, a quarter ofan ynch chicke,anv chat day very faire, and calme. 

Che 17. day we waled, and came to Thomas Williams Illand. 

The 18. dap we ſailed Nozth nozthweſt, and ankered againe in 23. fathome, and tough oaze, 
vndtr Burchers Iſland, which is from the foymer Illand, ten leagues. 

The 19. day in the mopning, being calme, and no winde, the Captaine and Atooke our boate, 
with eight men in her, to rowe vs a ſhoare, to fee ik there were there any people, oz no, and going 


men in her to lee whither they rowed, and lo with a white cloth bꝛought one ok their boates with 

their men along the ſhoare, towing after our boate, till ſuch time as they ſawe our hip, and then 
thep rowen a thoare : chen A went on (hoare mylelke, and gaue euery of thema thꝛeadden point, 
and bꝛought one of them abooꝛd of me, where hee did cate and dzinke, and then carried him on 
woare againe.@thereupon all the reſt came aboorn with their boten, being nineteene perfong, 
and they ſpake, but we vnderſtoode them not. They bee like to Tartar 
bꝛoad faces, and flatte noſes, and tawnie in colour, wearing Seale ſkinnes, and fo doe 
not viffering in the fathion, but the women are marked in the face with blewe ſtreekes downe the 
cheekes, and round about the eyes. Their boates are made all of Seales Chines, with a keele of 
moo) within the Thin : the proportion of them is like a Sopanith challop, faue only they be flat in 
the bottome, and ſharpe at bothends, 

Thetwentieth dap wee waped, and went to the Ealttine of this Illend, and Hand the Cape 
taine, with foure men moze went on ſhoare, and there we lawe their houtes,ano the people eſpy⸗ 
ing vs, came rowing towards our boate where upon we plied toward our boate: and wee being 
in our boatcand they alhoare, they called to vs, and we totwed to them, and one ok their company 
came into our boate and we carried him a boo zd, and gaue him a Bell and a knife: ſo the Caps 
taine and I willed fiue of our men to fet him a hoare ata rocke and not amon 


19 


to the toppe of the Alland, we had light of feuen boates, which came rowing from the Ealt lide, to- Sight ortde 
ward that Gland: thereupon we returned aboord ageine: at length we len our boate with fue 3 


ouuntrep pes; 
le. 


$, with long blacke haire, Che veteriprie 


the women, pu. b ea“ 


26 


the company, 3. ot our men 


which ther cameftom, but their willulnelle was ſuch, that they would Noe to them, and ſo were ple v 


taken themſelues, and our boate loft, 

The next day in the moꝛning, we ſtoode in nere the ſhoare, and thotte off a fauconet, and ſoun⸗ 
den our trumpet, but we could heare nothing of our men: this found wee called the fue mens 
ſound, and plpedout okit, but ankered againe inttürtie fachome , and oaze: and riding there all 
night in the mozning, the ſnow lap a foote thicke vpon our hatches, 

The 22. day in the moꝛning we wapyed,and went againe to the place where we lot our men, 
und our boate. Ce had fight of foureteene boates, and ſome came neere to vs, but wee could 
learne nothing of our men: among the re, we intiled one boate to our ſbips lide, witha Bell, and 


in giuing him the Bell. we tooke him, and bis boate, and ſo kept him, and lo rowed downe to Tho- 
mas Williams Illand, and there ankeredall night, « 


21 


22 


The 26. day we waied, to come bomeward, and by 12. of the clocke at noone, we were thwart n 


of Trumpets Alland. 

The next day we came thwart of Gabriels Alland, and at 8, ol the clocke at night we had the 
Cape Labrador as we ſuppoſed t Aeſt from vs, ten leagues. 

The 28. day we went our courle Southeaſt. 

le failed Southeaſt, and by Eat, 2a. leagues. 


27 
28 


s fet dap of September in the mozning we ban a tr of theland of Frifeland, being eight Seren 


leagues from vs, but mee could not come neerer it, fo2 the monſtrous pee that lap about it. 


From this vap, till the ſirth of this Moneth we ranne Alland and had the Sauẽh part ofig 
. 8 80 


Che leuenth day of this moneth we had a very terrible forme, by force whereof, one of our 7 


men was blo wen int the lea out of our waſte, but he t hold of the fopefaite and t 
belo cll ebe Captaine plucke im againe mcaspernen ben 1 9 10 


32 The En 


lith Voyages,Nauigations, d.Frobjher.a. | 


The 25 dap of this monet 
Che fick day of October 
at Varmouth, and the next d 


—— 


h we had light ol the Alland of Orkney,dwbieh was then Eaſt fre in vs. 


we had fight ofthe She lo, and fo lailed about the coalt, and ankered 
ay We came into Harwich, 


ge of the people of Meta incognita, 


Atte gay, a toa:e. 
Polleuetagay, a knife, 
Accas kay, aſhippe. 
Coblone,athumbe, 


Cangnawe,a nofe, 


Mutchater,the head. Teckkere,the fo 


Ketteckle,them 
Comagaye,a legge. 


nemoſt finger, 
lddle finger, 


Me kellac ane the fourth 
K. 


nger, 
Yacketrone,the lithe finger, 


Callagay,a patre of bpeeches, 
The fecond voyage of Mafter Martin Frobifher, 
Regions, in the yeere 1 577. 
ple : Written by Maſter Dionife Scril. 


N CAbitſundap, being the fire and twent 
God 7577. Captaine Fro 
Nueenes Maieſkies tips 
FMudtwo other little Varkes like w 


d from Black 


e deſtitute ol wood, their fire is tur 
and Oates; wich which they pay their Kings rent, 
h, which they opp in the win 
thout ſalt. Their apparell isa 
r Church and religion is refo 


Kiter men of the Scots. & ge 


g r 
dall trage Wherefore Aremit orb 


ieth ol Pay, 


ze Gentlemen, ſouldiers, and lailers, well furs 


made to the Weſt 


with a defcription of the 


in the peere ok our Lorn 
e Wall, with one of the 
e tunnes, oz therabouts: 
The Gabriel, hereof 


02 ſome other enemies > that 
ullded with Pibble fone, with: 


he good man, wife, childzen, and o⸗ 


and the cattell ont 


rveclare the diſpolitions of thole people: 
ots, as peerely repairers thither, in the 


ffes, and Cow⸗ 
to the mainte⸗ 
d and Sunne. 
ter the tudeſt 
med seca 


robifher.2. 


— 
en Eaſt frei vs. 


oaſt, and anke red 


o the Weſt 


tion of the 


tre of our Loꝛd 
bith one of the 
0) therabouts: 
briel, nhereof 
aptaine s and 
my Lor Ane 
lers, well furs 
rcond vopage, 
o adiacent, by 
e Nozth and 
the ſea, where 
om theſe our 
ime, and with 
hall frequent 
ing the peere 
giuen a woz⸗ 
miniſtred (to 
n. As for this 
nmodities of 
ut. 

Blacke Wall 
we hoiſed vp 
ades, o bule 
de prouifion 
ters fop their 
with dikes 
Tamed thein 
mies, that 
Tone, with: 
ldzen, and o⸗ 
other, vety 

, and Cow: 
the maite⸗ 
nd Sunne. 
the tudeſt 
ecezding ts 
ple then 7: 


heir courſe 
tie 


A. Erobiſber. 2. Traffiques and Hiſcoueries- 


33 


— ee 
nie departed herehence the g. ol June, and followed our courte becweene dle ſt and Noth ⸗ 3 
We, vntill the J. ol July + all which time we had no niht, but that eallly, and without anp tinpes fl 04 


dime nt we had when we were fo diſpoſed, the fruition of our bookes, and 


as they take vp vpon their ea. 
New found land, with the iver? 
CULTENE, 
The 4.0F July we came within the making vf Frifland. From this thoare 10,09 1 2, leagues, 
we met great Allands of pee,ofhalfe a mile, ſume mode, ſome leſle in cmpalſe, be wing aboue the 
e fuppored fatton ground, where wülb our lead we coulo (carte 


ere, in place of ovorifcrous and Fragrant ſmels of wette gums, x pleafane notes of muſicall 
birdes, which other Countreps in more temperate Zones bo peeld, wee taſted the mot boiſterous 
Boreal blaſts mixt with ino tu and haile,in the moneths ol June and July, nothing inferior to our pee,mow, and 
bncempetace winter a ſudden alteration, and eſpetially in a place op Parallele, where the Pole cage 
is not eleuate abouc 61. degrees: at which height other Countreys mope to the oath, pea vnto 
70. degrees, thew themſelues moze temperate then this doth, 
All — this coatt per lieth as aconcinuall bulwarke # fovefenveth the Countrey, that thole 
and there, mcur Freat danger. Dur Generali 3, dapes together attempted with the 
{hip boate to haue gone on thoare, which fox that without great danger he could not accompliſh, he 
deferred it vntill a moze conuenient time, All along the coaſt lie very high mountaines couered 
wich ſnow, except in ſuch plates, where though the Reepenesof the mount aines of force it muſt 
nerds fall. Foure dapes ruaſting along this land, we found no ligne of habit 
which we iudges to haue loft the ſboze, by teaſon of thicke 
ſubiect unto, came flying into our ſbips, which cauſeth vs to uppoſe, thatt 


an Alland as we iudge, lying neere the ſuppoſed continent with Am 
oppoltte tothe ſame, one other Wand called Halles Alle, alter the 
neere adlacent to the firme land, ſuppoled Continent with Alia. B 
there is a large entrance C2 ſreight, called Frobiſhers ſtrelght, after the name of our General, An 
the fittt linder thereof, This lald ſereigbe is ſuppoſed to haue pa 

leaue vnknowen as pet. : 

N ſeemeth that either bere, oꝛ not farre hence, the fea would haue more large entrance, then in 
Other parts within the frozen 02 vntemperate Zone: and that ſome con: arp tide, either from the 
pbs one te en Sac quantity 4 Pee, which connmeth floting 

this can onto rifeland, cauling t at Countrey to ſeeme butemperate then o 
thers, much zoꝛtherly chen the fame, ihe 


ce, as bp (wife Currents and dame of pes 


parable to 


At our fick connning, the Rreights ſeemed to be y Op with a lung mure of pce , which gaue 
no litle caufe of difcomfort vnto vs all: but our General. (to whole Diligence tamtnent dangers, Sera Fro. 
Sse et ert attenaptsteemen nothing, in relpect Of bis titling mind, fop the it mare ete 
nnd and Countrey) with two little Hinneſſos prepared of purpote, Patten twiſe thozow them = 
tathe Caſt (hore, and the Illandg thereunto adiacent: and the chip, with the two Baths lap off bis wince 
and on kurther into the ſea, from the danger ol the pee, and Countrep · 
Mhileſt 


— — 


bps Footed vp, and ſo Dri twee ge an 


Pe 


1 


xxx —— 778 M 
be Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, AA. Frobiſber. a. ‘ 
che one ah (Chile he was fearching the Countrey neere the ſhoare, ſome of the people of the Countrey ba 
Prat on ſhe web themſe lues leaping and daunting, with Qrange ſhzikes and cries, which gaue no little pte 
thoars, miration to our men. Dur Generall delirous to allure them vnto him bp faire meanes, cauſed the com 
kniues, and other things to be pꝛokered vnto them, which they would not take at our bands: but with tu 
being laid on the ground, and the party Going awap. they came and tooke vp leauing ſome thing al andlekt 
theirs to counteruaile the fame. At the length two ol them leauing their weapons, came downe thought 
to our Generall and Maſter, who did the like to them, commanding the company to ftap, and ment The 
buco them: who after certaine dumbe lignes, and mute congratulations, began to lay bandes vp⸗ Sunne 
. on them, but they deliuerly elcaped, and tanne to their bowes and arrowes, and came fiercely vp · Alis ne 
ont, on them, (Hot refpectiug the red of aur companie which were ready fo their defence) but with Ont 
due taten. their arrowes burt diners of them: we tooke the one, and the other efcapen, ttnanet, 
Alhileſt our Generall was butted in learching the Countrey, and thole Illonds adiatcent an teiue it h 
the Eaſtſboare, the hip and bar kes hauing great care, not to put farre into tbe fea from bim, foz the trial 
that he had ſmall ſtoze of victuals, were forced to abide in a cruell tempelt, chancing in the nt to be the 
among and in the thickeſt of the yee, which was ſo monſtrons, that euen the leaſt of a chou After 
had bene of force fufficient,to haue ſhiuc red our ſhip and barks into finall poztions if Sod( who in Such ſtoz 
all necellities, bath care vyon the inlirmitie of man) had not pꝛouided fo this our ertremttie a lul⸗ eh where 
ficient remente though the light of the might, whereby we might well dilcerne to flee from ſuch who coat 
inuninent vangers. which we auopded wich 14. Bourdet in one watch the {pace of 4. boures. At harbozou 
We bad not incurrev this danger ambg@ tbeſe monttrous Iſlands of pre, we fhoulp baue loft our lhins, vn 
Gencrall and Maſter, and the malt of our be lailers, which were on the ſhoare dellitute ol bictu⸗ men the y 
Walter goa, als: but bp the valure of our Pater Gunner, Malter lack man, and Andrew Dier, the Batters certainet 
nee er dn Mates men expert both muauigation, and other good qualities, wee were all content to incurre thing of 
aner ek. the dangers afb rerehearlen,befone we would wich our owne lalttie, runne into the ſeas. to the des and paper 
Andrew bie. ruction of our fapp General, and his compauy, f 7 mighr (if 
The dap following, being the 19. of Julie, our Captaine returnen to the Hip , with tepozt ot Onche 
D themenic (eife in the bowels of thole barren mountaines, wherewith wer {paren fro 
were all ſatiſſied. nerall his 
CHithin foure bates after we bod bene at the entrance of the ſtreigbes the Noꝛthweſt and Leit mining to 
winds dilperſed the pee into the les, made vs a large entrance into the treights, ſo that without ok them, 
ap impedunent, on the 19. of Julie we entred them, and the 20, thereof, our Generall anv Ma⸗ At our 
ter with great viligence tought out and founded the ett ſbaare, and found outa faire Parbo⸗ their tents 
lackmam found, Toligh foʒ the thip and barkes to ride in, and named it after our Matters mate, Iackmans ſound, land, fle v 
and walten thip,barkes aud all their comyanp to ſale anker, except one man, which died bp ~ — 2 
Gods vilitation. N 5 their boate 
At our fir arriuall, after the (hip rade at anker, our general, with {uch company as could well where our 
be {pared from the ſbips. in marching oꝛder entred the lande, hauing {peciall care by exhortations, ſwilt are tl 
that at eurentrance thereinto, wer ſbauld all with one vopce, knecling vpon out knees, chieflp Ihen 
tganke God fo? our fafe arriuall: fecondip beſeech him that it would pleale his diuine Mꝛteſlie, woundedt 
Poſſeſion ta · long to continue our Queene for whom he., and all the reſt of Our campanp in this ver toobe pol⸗ leapt off th 
ken. ſellion of the Counttey : and thirdlp, that by our Chridian ſtudie and endeuour, ehofe barbarous, ſubmitted 
people trained vp in Paganiſme, and infioelitie might be reduced to the knowlenge of true telt- as they iud 
Non, ann tothe bope of faluation in Chhilt our Redeemer. Aich other mors very apt to fignifte receiuen at 
his willing mind, and affection toward his inte and Councrep : whereby all ſuſpit ion of an vn neth in ert 
dutifull ſubiert. may credibly be iudged to be vtteriy exemptev from his mind. All the rettofthe thus mufer 
Gentlemen and other delerue worchilp herein, their due praife and Mt S2uul teiuing thei 
Theſe things in this oer accompliſbed, our Generali conunanded all the company to be obes apt toefpap 
dient in things needfullfor nur otune lafegurd, to Maſter Fenton, Satter Yorke, and Mauer child, x z toe 
Beaſt his Lieutenant, while he was occupied in other neceflarie affalres, concerning our com: oe 
ming thither, ' 7 ; opmitp we 
After this opver we marched though the Cauntrey, with Enſigur dilpiaien, fo farce au mas luhere they 
thought needhulland now and chen heaped vp tones on bigh mountaines, and other places in tor name ok one 
ken ol polleſſion, as libewiſe to ligmiũte unto luch as hereafter may chance to pots Dauing tl 
leilion is taken in che bebalfe ol fome other Printe. by thole tobo fir fond out the Countrep, as het is not 
Veeneevefit Abo ſo maketh nauigations to tboſe Countrepys.hath not ↄnels extreme hne, eng ger rz on, ſomechin 
Thain? (eas to encounter withall, but alfa Many monſtrous and great Aland of pres a thing both rare, an old ſbirt, 
men.” wonderful, ann greatlpeo be regarden, thing elle vn 


e were loꝛced r ²˙ W 


obifher.2, 


— aeemeeeeee eel 
the Countrey 
aue no little ap: 
eanes , cauſed 
ur hands: but 
g ſome thing of 
, came downe 
ayaa went 
lay bandes vp⸗ 
me fiercely. vp · 
nee) but wie 


s adiacent an 

from him, foz 

N 
of a 

if God who in 

remitie a ſuſ⸗ 


with boats € men ready with halſers to knit 


thought goon ta fend of come for them. 


All is not gold that gliftereth, 


On this Ciel ſhoꝛe we found a dead fi float 
tozquet, ot length two pards lacking two pnches, bein 
ceiue it hollow. into the which ſome of our lailers putting {pivers they pꝛeſently died. J lam not 
the triall bereof,but it was reyozted vnto me of a trueth: by the vertue w 


kalt vnto ſuch ce, 
ſed to and froin the har boꝛough / x with force of vares to hale th 

Dur Gencrall certaine dapes ſearched this ſuppoled conti 
the commodity to anſ were his expectation, after he had ma 
with two little barks, and men (ufficient to the Eall fhoze being the ſuppoled continent of Aſia, 
and lekt tbe thip with mot of the Gentlemen, louldlers, and failers, 


de triall thereof 


as With the ebbe e flood w 
em away, ſoʒ endangeringt 


A. Froliſber. 2. Traffiques, and Difcoueries. 


35 


ere tof 
be ſhip. 


nent with America, and not finding 


Sunne like gold: ſo like wiſe voty the land in the bꝛigbt water, yet thep verifie 


be departed thence 


vntill ſuch came as he either 
The tones of this ſuppoſed continent with America be altogether ſparkled 


and gliſter in the Stones guner 


: : with fpark! 
the ald Pꝛouerb: income? 


ma letter, pen, packe, 


ine loſt the pere be fue, and in that peoples cuſtodp, 


land, who efpping vs, without 
their boates leauing the moſt part of their bares behind them for bate, 


bem to thore: but if ch 
Swift are they in rowing, it had bene lott time to haue chaſed them. 


ted our men with their bowes 


perteiuing 


name of one of the Captaines of the two Barks, 


be bigh mount 
apt toefpape as the men wert, the one for her age, and 
child xz coke, The old wretch, whom diners of our S 
witch. had her buc kins plucked olf. to lee if fhe were clouen footer, and for her ugly hem and dee 
foꝛnity we let her goe: the yong woman and the child we 
where they were flaine, Bloodie point: and the Bay oz Warbo 


of them, and fo attaine to ſome knowledge of thole men whom our Generali ot the peere before, 
they harr 
might il they were dziuen from the 
companies, and compate 
any tarying fled to 
and rowed downe the bay, 
ex bad had all their oares, ſo 


nought away. Ile name the place 
zough, Yorks fo : 


Dauing this knowledge both oftheir ſierceneſſe and erueltp, and perceiuing that faire meanes Saite theanes 
as pet is not able to allure them to kamiliariey, we diſpgſed gar incli 


on, omething to be cruel, returned to the ir tents and made a ſy 
an old ſbirt, a doublet, a girdle, and alſo ſhooes of our men, w 
thing elle vnto them belonging could we ſet our eyex. 


und, after the 


Selties, centrarx ra duc inclinati; inte fem! 
hom we loft the peere before : on noe 


common 


Patter Phil. 
Vater Beall, 


he ght 


and arrowes, who al fierce affante 
rt, they deſperatiy fi 


e .. — 
36 be Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, M. Frobiſher. z. Mv 
ee ol Their riches are not gold, ſiluer oz pꝛecious Dzꝛoperp, but their fay cents and botes, made of 7 
wee, the fins of red Deare and Seale fring: allo dogges like vnto woolues , but for the moſt part The 
black, with other trifles, moze to be wondzed at fo their ſtrangeneſle, then fo2 aup other commo⸗ their 
ditie needefull for our wfe, tage 
Ourdepacture Thus returning to our ſhip the 3. ol Auguſt, we veparted from the ict thore ſi ppoſed firme 1 whor 
15 the Wen with America, altet we had ankered thete 13. dapes: and ſothe 4. tbereot we tame to our Genn ⸗· . 
; rallcn the Catt (hore and ankered in a faire Bar bozough named Anne Warwickes found, vnto ur 
which is — an Illaud both named after the Countetle of Carwicke, Anne Warwickes et 
found and lile. Ip, ¢ 
Inchis Ille our General thought coor for this bopare, to kraight both the ſ ip end barkes, five 0 
with {uch ſtone oꝛ ſuppoſed gold minerall, as he iudged to counteruaile the charges okhis lr d, and portic 
this his ſecond nauigation to chele Ceuntreys. acolo 
Checountrep In the meane time ok our above here ſome ofthe countrey people came ta ſhtw themfclues D 
Provicthew vnto vs, ſundʒy times on the maine ſhoze, neere adiacent to the laid Ille. Cur Generali de ſir ous alicele 
KODE to haue fome newes of his men, whom he lott the peere before, with ſome company bilih him rea pleala 
Paired with the thip boat to common, oz ſigne with them fox famitiaritic, whertunto he izperfwae It 
ded to bring them. They at the lirſt chew made tokens, that thꝛee of his fiuc men were alle „nu they p 
deliredpenne, ynck, and paper, and that within theee oꝛ fourc Bayes they would teturne, and . 2 celliti 
we iudged) bꝛing thole of our men which were liuing, withthem. neithe 
They allo made ſignes op tokens oftheir King, whom they calles Cacough, ¢ how he tas care kle der 
riedon mens ſhoulders, and a man farre ſurmoumting any of our con pan, in bigne eand at re. tleane 
With thefecokens and lignes of wꝛiting . penne, rucke, and Paper was velwered them, wine . 
they would not take at our hands, but being laid vpon the there, and the partie gone away, t Wwe doc 
Their vlage in Cooke vp: which like wiſe they do when they deſire any thing fog change of cheirs lapiug ko thee place ts 
than al es which is lett lo much as they thinke will coumeruaile the ſame, and not comming neere together. apt fo, 
bange. It ſeemeththey baue bene vledto this trade oz traffique, with lome other people abtoyr ing, og tat ther 
not farce diſtant from their Countrey. The 
Cb people Alter 4. dayes lome ol them (hewen themlelues vpon the firme land, jut not where they were fine wes 
thewehems  hefoze.Dur General verp glad thereof, ſuppoling to bere of our men, went fromthe F Hand, with ocher, te 
— oie, the boat, and fuffictent company with him. They ſeemed very glar, and allured him about a cere Che 
tame point ofthe land: behind which they might perceiue a company of the craftp villaines to ipe gratifie 
lurking, whom our Generall would not deale wirhall, fo2 chat he knew not what compeux they them no 
were, and fo with ftw ſignes diſmilled them and returned to bis compeny, hen 
The people Another time as our ſaid Generall was coatting the Countrep with two little Pinnelleg, amy oper 
thew them whereby at our returne he might make the better relation thereof, the of the trakty villains, with the 
on Arnis land. with a white Chin allured vs to them, Once againe our general, fo that he hoped tobeare of his put 
men, went towards them: at our comming neeve the ſhoze whereon they were, we might per⸗ r hol 
cetue a number okthem lie hidden behind great ſtones, x thoſe 3, in light labouring by al meanes in place. 
Cher art. pollible that Come would come on land: and perceiuing we made no batt by words no? friendly Shey 
nregnestoals lignes, which they vled by clapping of thtir hands, and being without weapon, and but 3. inſight, wea 
hore? thep ſought further means to pꝛouoke bstherevnto, Dne alone laid flehh on the thore, which we the faint 
nse a tooke bp withthe Boathooke, as neceſſary victuals fo the relieuing of the man, woman, and a 
Sebi. child, whom we had taken: fop that as pet they could not digeſt our meat: whereby they perceis ding, hole 
Their tpird urd themſelues deceiued oftheir erpectation fo all their crafty allurements. Vet once againe to inn 
Alltec’ Make (as it were) a full het of their craltie hatures,and{ubtile Mleights, to the intent thereby Their 
cohaue intrapped and taken ſome of our men, one ol them counterfeited himlelke impotent and meeting a 
lame of his legs, who ſeemed to vefcen to the water five, with great difficulty: and to cover his pitcher vy 
craft the moe one of his Fellowes came down with him, and in Cuch places where he ſeemed vn⸗ Tuept 
able to paſſe. he cooke him on his ſoulbers, let him by che water ſide, and depatted from him lea · ſtones ant 
uing bim (as it ſbould ſeeme) all alone, who playing his counter att pageant very well, thought the entrar 
thereby to pꝛouoke ſome ol vs to come on ſhoze, not fearing, but that one ol vs might make our a time co 
party good with a lame man. gaine. 
compamen . Dur Generallhauing compaſſion ok his impotencp, thought good (ikit were pollible) to cure f 
rocureacrate him thereot: wherefore he cauten a ſouldier to fore at him with his Caleeuer, which grater be⸗ long. fined 
ty lame man. fe his face. The counsertett villeine deliuerly fled without any inpediment at all, and got him bow tring 


to his bow and atrowes, and the reſt from their lurkine holes, wietz ehete weapons, bees, ats Bes Wiig b 

rowes, lings, and darts. Dur Generall cauſed ſome calecuers to be thos olf at them wherby ſome 

being hurt, they might hereafter ſtand in moze fears of vs. Ci 
Wg 


38 «The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, M.Frobifher.a. 


robs ral of are tyed on, to haue foure fethers. They haue alto thaee ſoꝛes of heads to thoſe artowes: one ſozt 
N ber gf torte 02 pron, pꝛopoꝛtioned like to a heart: the ſetond (opt of bone, much like vnto a ſtopt head, ; 
with a hooke on the lame: the third fort of bone like wiſe made ſharpe at both fives , nb ſbarpe N ſuc 


tug uc. t all : neither vo 9] fee any 


Their ble ol 


withall but with great Labo 


found, 


bearers, 


turne to their winter ſkationg 

J coniecture to be in that Countr 
They haue fome pron whereof th 

von. to worke their boates, bowes 


Aba knowledge tbey haue of God, oy what 
Anthropophsgi, Fence, I thinke them rather Anthro 
there is na ſleſb op fith which they fd dend (mell it neuer ſo lthily) but they will ente 


as chep finde it without any other petting, A loathſome thing, either to the betoloers * 


ur. 


It ſeemeth that they haue connerfation with lame other people, 
ſhould recetue the lame. Th 


e. 1 
bere haue no ſigne of footway, op. 
or habitat: n. And ehole tents inbich eben 
p hunted and fithen,thep remoue to other places: they 
haue ſuffictencly fore them of (uch victuals, as the Countrey peeldeth o byingeth forth, they re. 
Op babicetions, C din coniecture do à make, fon ebe tnfeceiitp wür 
ey. 24512 : b 


epmmakearvety Grabs, üntnes, and ocher litle ingrumentv, 

arrowed, and darts Wwitball, which are — tu doe up thing 
ol whom fi exthauge 

ep are greatly peligtted with any thing that is tne, 02 giueth a 


Woll they anope, we haur no perfect intel 
pophagi, o . mann eth l 


t is to be A can ſuppoſe their abode or babtcation not to be here, fo that neither their houfes oz 
rhermianis are of Gach force to withteand the exit tmity of colo, that the Counte 
ligne ttkelp to the ſam 
Thole houles oz rather dennes which ſtand t 
troncn, which is one of the chiefeſt cokens of ba 
them, when they haue ſufficientl 


ey ſetmeth to be lected with 


they 


) weep one 


pointed. They are not mave very falt but lightly tyed to, oꝛ elſe let ina nocke, that vpon ſmall ore f ing 
caſion the artowes leaue theſe heads behind them: and they are of mall force, except ehepbe very 
neere when they ſhoote. 1 nee 721 ö C 
cmwo a Their Darts are made of tmo (opts : the one wich many forkes of bones in the fore end, m tait 
darts, likewife in the midit. their proportions are nat much vnlike our toaſting proms but er: thele is ſ 
thep catt out ok an inſtrument of wood, very readily, Che other fore is greater then the Sri afore: tim 
fapd, with a long bone made tharpe on both fines not much daltke a Rapier, nich A cake to bee ally 
their molt hurtkull weapon. wid, Heit», wit 
Xwototsor They haue two ſozts ol boats made of leather, let out on the inner five with quarters of tod, the 
ciate artifially tyed together with thongs of the atte: the greater fort are nut much vnlike our wher⸗ fiue 
8 ries, wherein fireceene oꝛ cwentp inen map fic : they baue kon a faple dzelk tbe gurnof luch dealt tet 
as thephill very fine and thinne, which they few together: the other boate is but for one man to 
. fouling are with thete Cato weapons: ' 
They vleto Their oꝛder of Aibing hunting, and are D weapons: but in what 
3 botn they vle them we baue no perfect knowledge as pet. e 


Sigqnes ot There is no maner of creeping beaſt hurtfull excrpt ſume Spiders (wich as affirme, 

golbeure are lignes of great tore of gold) and allo certaine ſtinging — — babe, that 
the plate where they bite ſhoztly after ſwelleth and itcheth very ſoꝛe. ; 

Signesot They makelignes of certain people that meare bright plates of gold in thelr finebeads, and 


opioid 1 page ee bigh tiehrouns : 
Deſcription of be Countreps on both ſides t eigbts lye betp with roug ſtony mount ainen, and 
he Countreis. wrest quantitie of now thereon, Chere is verp little plane ground and no graſſe, except a little 
whichis much like vnto molle that groweth on (oft ground, ſuch as we get Turtkes in. Chere 
is no wood at all. To be triefechere is nothing Gt 02 profitable for the ble of man, which that 
Countrey with rote yeeldethoꝛ beingeth forth: Vowbeit there is great quantity of Deere, 
whofe thins are like vntn Alles tbere beadso2 homes doe larre exrerde, as well in length an alfe 
in bꝛeadth, any in theſe our parts oꝛ Countreps : their feere likewile are as great as dur oreng, 
wbuch we mealured to be ſeuen op eight yncheg in bpeanth, There art allo pares, wolneg, fhing 
beares. and fea foule of ſundzp ſoꝛts. 
As the Countrey is barren and vufertile, ſo are they rude and of no capacitie to culture the 


fame to any perfection : but are tontented their bunti and fouling a 
ano ware boo tata fe thee grocer — ry sg pr e 


u dane ot Chere is great like lihood of Carthquakes an chunner : for chee there = Suge 
Wartnquaßts mountaines, whole greateſt ſubltance are ſtones, and thole ſtones ſo Haken with Come extraozdi 
ie nnnit menen that one in Ceperaten rum another, which i pitcopoane from all ether Luzi. 
Chere 


— 
robiſber. 2. 
Avcowes : one ſoze 


ee tee 


in uhu foe, og 


lis on a 
—— 


2 tte tile 
cher dem with 


} thep 
b foneh, chey re⸗ 
ne aie 
doe aux ching 
er 

0 

2 

ee 
 bebaloers og 


bE wi 


« 


AA. Frobiſber. z. Traffiques, and Dilcouedics, 


lurge of the fea, 


— , 


39 


ofthe Dunne, with Mo un g bun 


ifts of frow do lie, are pi — 8 


tauſe to come 


Shere are na riuers, og running fprings, but ſuch as thyougbthe beate 

ſuch water as diſcendeth fromebe mountaines and billes, whereon great a 

ingenoreo 6 of now. 

A ppobabili 

thin the Came to main: e 
oziginall, as by experience ther (onngos 

is (eeneocherwhere, Huch valleis as are copable to receiue the water, 


that in the Summer 5 the 
time bp the operation of the Dunne delcendeth from greas abundance of Chote, which continn⸗ Wound. 


a a and fo vaniſheth away, 
without any runnell aboue the earth, by which octaſion oʒ continuall ſtanding of the laid water, 
bin other places foure c 


(euen in the very Sum⸗ 

Aer time) is krolen, and fo combineth the tones together, that {carcelp inſtruments with great 

fopce can vnknit them. i 
Alſo where the water in thoſe valleis can baue no uch paflage away, by the continuance of time 

in ſuch oꝛder asishefore rehearſed, the peerely deſcent from t 

that at the lowctt banke of the lame, they fall into the valley, and ſo contin 

Stagnesin Summer cime full ot water and in the EUiinter hard frolen: 


within the earth, the waters 
haue recourſe, and empeie themſelues out of fight into the lea, which through ee exttemitie ofthe 
kroſt are couſtrained tu doe the ſame: by which occalion the earth within is kept the warmer, 
and ſpꝛings haue their recourſe, which is the onelp nutriment ol golde and Minerals within 2 none 
me, ’ 
There is muchto Le ſayd of the commodities of thele Countreys, which are Couches withi 
the bawels ofthe earth, which A tet paſſe till moze perfect trtall be made thereof, 90 
The 24. of Augult, alter we hav ſatiſſied our minds with kraight ſufficient fo2 our veſſels, 
though not our couetous deſires with ſuch knowlerge of the Countrey, pecple, ind other commas 
‘ities as are befoze rehearſed. we departed therehence. The 17. of S 


cptember we fell with the Sur departure 
Lands end of England, and la ſailed to Milloꝛd Hauen, from whence our Generall rode tothe fomrbete 


Court fop oꝛder to what Pozt oꝛ Pauen to conduct the hip, ountreps. 
THe lo our twa Barkes in the wap home ward, the one the a9. ol Augntt, the other the 31, Bowe ben 
of the fame smoneth,bp occafion of great tempelt and kogge. owbeit Gad 


reſdoged the ons to Bering 
Briſto we, and the other made his courſe by Scotland to Vermouth. % is vo 
two men, one in the way by Gods vilitation, and the other home ward 


Could declare vnto the Readers, the latitude and longitude of (ich places and regions ay ¢ : 
5 haue bene at, but not altogether fo perfectly as our matters and others, with many circum · 9 
Mances oftempeſts and other acctbents incident to Sea faving men 


Mrange,but I lee chempalle to their reports as men mot apt to ſet forth and Declare the fame, 
haue allo let the names of the Countreps on both the ſhozes vntouched 


Countrevs new diſcouered where commoditie is co be looktv tos coe better accoꝛd with a new 
name giuen by the diſcouerers, then en vncertaine name by a doubtfull Authour. 


Our General nained lune Allandssddeumtiineg, Capes, ano Darboroughs after the names ol 
diuers Noble men and other gentlemen his 


The third and laſt voyage vnto Meta Incognita,made by M.Martin 
Frobiſber, in the yeere 1578. Written by Thomas Ellis, 
Mele are to let you know, that bponthe 2 s0F Pay, the Thomas Allen bei : 
Ciceaomivall, whofe Capenine was gz. Yorke. lde Hater, Chee Sater ote 
Reareavmiral name „ Hall, 


o 


40 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, M. Frobiſber. 3. 


The 27,0f the fame moneth our Fleere being nowe come together, and all things preftin @ 
readineſſe, the wind fauouring, and tive ſeruing, we being of lailes in number tight, waied ane 
Hauwicb, kers and hoiled our ſailes toward Harwich to meete with our Admiral, and the refioue which 
then and there above our arriuall: where we lafely arriued the 18. thereof, lnping there our Avs 
mirall, whom we with the diſcharge of tertatne pieces ſaluted, aconding to oꝛder and duety, and 
were welcomed with the like courtefte which being kiniched we landed: where our General 
continued muttering his foulbicrs and Mint rs; and letting things in oꝛder appertaining to the 
vopage vntill the laſt of the laid moneth of May, tohich day we holled our fatles and tommitting 
our ſelues to the cenducting of Almightte God, we fet forward toward the welt Countrey in ſuch 
PurGies, Inckie wife and good fuccefle,that by the ffs of June we palled the Durſies, being the vimolt part 
Ireland. of Ireland to the (te ward. 
And here it were not much amille noꝛ fare kram our purpoſe if I ſhould i little diſcourſe nd 
Plimmourhe ſprake ok cur aduentures and chances bythe way, as dur landing at Plimmoutbh, as alſo the mee⸗ 
ting certaine pore men, which were robbed and ſpoplev ok all that they had by Pirates and Ros 
Briftow, uers : amongſt whom was aman of Britow,on whom cur Gent rall vlew his liberality, and ſent 
hun awap with letters into England. i i 

But becaule ſuch chings are impertinent to the matter, J will returne (without any moꝛe 
mentioning of the ſame ) to that from the which J haue dig reller and ſwarued, I meane our ſhips 
now ſaili ig on the lurging ſeas, ſometime palling at pleaſure with a wiſhed Caſterne wind, 
ſometune hinderedok our courte againe by the CMelterne blalts, vntill the 20. dap of the foꝛeſo pd 

Friteland, —-Moneth of Aune, on which dap in the mozning we fell with Frizeland, which is a very hie and 
cragged land and was almoſt cle ane coue rev with ſnow lo that we might lee nought but craggie 
rockes and the tops ok high and huge helles, lometimes (and for the moſt bart) all couered wih 
foggie mits, There might we allo peceiue the great Iſſes ol pce lying on the as, like moun⸗ 
taines, ſome ſimall, (cine big. oł ſundꝛy kinds of ſpapes, and ſucha number of them, that wee could 
not come netre the (hore fo2 them. 

Thus -ailing alongſt the coalt, at the lett we Cato a plate ſome what bopdet pce where tur Gee 
nerall (accompaticn with certaine other) went a ſboze, where they ſawe cettaine tents made of 
bealis Chinnes and boates much like vnto thelrs of Meta Incognita, The tents were furniſhen 
with fle, Ath, ſkins. and other trifles: amongſtthe which was found a bore of nailes: whereby 
we did coniecture, that they had cither Artiſicers amongſt them, oz els attatttke with ſome other 
nation. The men ran away, lo that wee coulo haue no conference oꝛ communtcatton with them, 

Cheantete Our Generall (becauſe hee would haue them no moze to flee, but rather incouraged to ſtay 
of our Gener ehrough bis courteous dealing) gaue commaundement that bis men ſhould take nothing away 
ram with them, lauing onelp a couple of white dogs, fod the which he left pinnes poynts, kniues, and o⸗ 
ther evifling things, and departed without taking oꝛ hurting anything, and fo came abozd, and 
hoyſed laileg, and patted forwards, 

But being ſcarce out of the fight thereol, there fell ſuch a fogge and hidious mitt that we could 
not lee one another: whertupon we droke sur dꝛums, and lounded our trumpets, to the ende we 
might keepe together: and fo continued all that d. p and night till the next day that the mit brake 
vp: ſo that we might ealily percciue all the ſhips thus failing tagether all that dap, vntil the next 
day, being the 22. of the ſame: on which day wee lawe an infinite number of pee, krom the which 
we Caf about to ſhun the danger t 8 
a But one ok our ſmell Barkes named the Michael, whoſe Captaine was Maker Kinderſlie, 
dafie, the Malter Bartholomew Bull, loſt our company, inſomuch that we could not obteine the ſight ol 
99888 her many dayes alter, ol whom I meane to ſpeake further anon when occaſion Mall be mintfrep, 

andoppartunitielerue, Thus we continued in our courte vntill the ſecond of July, on which day 
we fell with the Quer nes foreland, where we Catv lo much pce, that we thought it vnpollible to 
get into the Straights: pet at the lat we gaue the aduen ure and entred the pee, 

The neee. Being amongſt it wee ſawe the Michael, of whom J ſpake before , accompanten with the 

Dane : ludich, whole Captaine was Mater Fenton, the Maler Charles Iackman, bearing into the 

Gala lack - fogeſayd yce fatre dilant fom us, who ina topme that fell that prefene mabe, (whereof J will 

man, at large God willing, pifcourfe hereafter) were feuered from vs, and being in, wand ed vp and 

f Downe the Straights amonglt the yte many dayes in great perill, till at tbe laſt, (by the pꝛoui⸗ 

Abr countete DENCE OF God) they tame Cafely to harboz in their withen Wore , in the Countelle of Warwieks 


other 


Dev mor 
nichmen 

Thus 
f; out di 


‘obifher.3. 


ings preftin « 
ght, wate ane 

reſidue which 
there our Ave 
and duety, and 
our Generall 
taining to the 
ND committing 
untrey in ſuch 
‘he bimoſt part 


diſcourſe end 
alſo the meee 
‘ates and Ros 
ality, and ſent 


out an more 
eane our tips 
aſterne wind, 
of the loꝛeſoyd 
very hie anu 
t but craggte 
couered wih 
„ like moun⸗ 
hat mee coulo 


here cur Bee 
nts made of 
ere furniſhed 
$3 whereby 
h ſome other 
n with them. 
‘aged to fap 
othing away 
miues, and o⸗ 
e abozd, and 


hat we could 
the ende we 
be mitt brake 
nttl the next 
in the which 


t Kinderflie, 
e the fight of 
e miniſtred, 
n which day 
npollible to 


led with the 
ing into the 
reot J will 
Ded vp and 
v the pꝛoui⸗ 
Warwick 
ing on ſhoze 
t heapes of 
eat ſtoze in 

other 


Al. Frobiſber.3. Traffiques and )ilcoucries, 


„TTT. 8 
ther places after our at tiual. They found alſo diuers engins, as bowes, ſlings, and darts. They 
ound like wile certaine pieces of the Hinneſſe which our Generall left there the pecre before, 
which Binneſſe he had ſunke, minding to haue it againe the next peere. 

Now ſeeing J haue entreated lo much ol the Iucich and the Michael: J will teturne to the reſt 
of the other ſhips, and will ſpeake a little of the forme which fell, with the miſhaps that we had, 
the night that we put into the pees whereol I made mention bekoze. ; 

At the fick entring into the pce in the mouth of the Otraigbts, our pallage was very narrow, 9 
and pitktcult but being once gotten in, we bad a faire open place without any pte for the moſtpart, ge ge 
being a league in compalle, the pce being roundabout vs and incloling vs, as it were, within the 
pales of a parke. In which place, (becauſe it was almoſt night) we minded to take in our failes, 
and lie a bull all that night. But the ſtoꝛme lo increaſed, and the waues began to mount aloft, 
which bꝛought the pce ſo neere vs, and comming on lo falt bpon vs, that we were faine to beare 
in and out, where we might eſpie an open place. Thus the yce comming on vs lo falt, we were in 
great danger, looking euery houre foz death. And thus palſed we on in that great danger, ſceing 
both our ſelues and the reſt ofour ſhiys ſo troublen anv toſſed amongſt the pce, that it would make 
the ſtrongeſt heart to relent, a oe 
Ac the laſtthe Barke Dionyſe being but aweake hip, and lnuiſed afore amongſtthe pee, being Barke pio. 
lo leake that uo longer the could tarry aboue the water, fanke without lauing anp of the goods 

which were within her: which light lo abaſhed the whole Flecte, that we thought verily we 
ſhould haue taſted ok the fame fauce, But neuertheleſſe we leeing them in luch danger, manned 
our boates and fauen all the men in ſuch wiſe, that not one perithed: God be thanked. 
Che opine Millincreafen and the pee incloled vs, fo that we were faint to take Downe top and 
kon maſkes: kon the pee bad ſo inuironed vs, that we could {ee neither land noz fea, as farre as we arotw thifte 
could kenne: fo chat we were kaine to cut our cables to hang ouer boob fog fenders, ſome what det latte. 
to eate the (hips lives from the great and dꝛity lrokes ofthe the yee: ſome with Capitan barres, 
ſome fending off with oares, ſome with planchs of two ynches thicke, which were bꝛoken imme⸗ 
biatly wich the force ok the pee , ſome going out bpan the ce to beare it off with their ſhoulders 
kronſthe ſhips. But the rigozoulnes of the tenpen was ſuch, ard the force of the vce fo great, that 
that not one ly they burſt and {poplen the forefain promfion, but l kewile ſo raled the fines of the 
thips, that it we pitifull to be hold, and cauled the hearts of many to faint, 
This we coutinnen all that vilimall and lamentable night plunged in this perplexitip, looking 
for inſtant veath: but our God ( who neuer leaueth them deſtitute whic faithfully call bpon him, Bods pious 
although he alten puniſheth for amendements lake) in the mozning cauled the winds to teaſe, and 
the logge wh lch all chat nigbt lay on the face of the water to cleare: ſo that we might percriue 
about a nule from vs, a certeine place cleage fromanp pce, to the which with an ealie breath of 
mind wich our God fene vs, we bent our Celues, And kurttermope, her pꝛouideb better for vs 
then we deſerued oz hoped for : fo2 when we were in the forefaiv cleare place, he fent bs a fret 
Gale at Cet oz at Welk Sourh welt, inhichfce us cleare without all the pce, And further he ad⸗ 
ded moze: ſoʒ he ſent vs fo plealant a day ag the like we had not of a long time before, as after pu: 
nichment conſolatiun. 8 188 
Tubus we ioyfull wights being at libertie, tooke in all out ſailes and lay a hull, peapfing God 
foz out deliuerante, and llaped to gather together our Fleete: which once being done, we leeing 
that none of them had any great burt. neither any of them wanted, r bee they ol whom J 
Spake before ano the (hip which was lot, then at the lalt wee boiled our fatles, and lay butting off 
andon, till ſuch time as it would pleale Gad to take away the yte that wee might get into the 
traigbes. 


And as wwe thus lay olf and on we came by amatueitous huge mountaine of pce, which furpat- Ir mountaine 
feb all therett chat euer we lum: kan we iudgen it to be neere fouretcoye fathomes abaue water, rmgin sey 


thoms deepe, and of compalte about halfe a mile. 
Alo the itt ol Aulx there fella 5 i,t ! ti 
e iſd that od thippe could not lee another. Therefore we were faine to beare a {mail laple ontmnante. 


Ang na fig dender of Summen SStacte) we {carce knew lohete we were. Britis 
pf July we Lo the company of the Giccaomit 


out (molt Barkeg nameu the Gabriel was lent bp our Genevall egg chr Cd. 
5 3 wi 


* 


— es 


M.Frobifher.3. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 43 


day of July we brought our 
* 4 bea 
menel,the Salomon, and the Buſſe of Byidgewater: 
Ill — * 
ern Lm pare 


9 where be 
thelr lading 
aap parts ofthe Counteep as tell to finde nets 


ad 


not able to p 
1 * 
0 ; i 
1 by Wen and land in great 


dermeene them and bu, And ifanyof Ane dene 
we 


and company and attend 
of Anne Francis, to test gh bee came ee on thp Aube 
ss ese cece ctr 
7 c e 
E Teich was lof, anche Thomas of lip, 
returned dome with⸗ 


ſauing one 
tubo (conꝑtiled by what furie I knodee not) fo our company; and 
out labing. 


e e eee) ote ee 
bis arciall, ledde all hecke, and ” 
— ees ee, a 
Che tert morning our General Certaine of them in botes pon the Mea, gut 
2 1 — Fee ebe, Agen memes 
IEA deal le r 
their cunning ano time ind che dap ol out departure 
that we — 
inthe 
@enerall to make oye be — 0 
our 
made all réabp to t om 


depatt. 
betell patture, J San 
r 
er eee, 5 
at. Alo the Thomas 
e 
— — 


co people to forme ſamiliaritit axuini beher here. 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, . Frobifher.3. A. 


bus hauing finhed all things we departed the Countrey, as J ſapd before: but betauſe N 

the Buſſe had not lading enough in her, ſhe put into Beares found to take ina little mone, In the 

eee, meane white the Admiral, and the tet without at Sea ſtayed for her. And that nighe fell ſuch 
One beben. an ourteagions tempeſt, beating on dur thips with (uch vehement rigor , that anc ho and cable a · 
uailed nought: for we were dytuen on rocked and Illands of pee, infomuchthat (bad not the 

get at goodneſſe of God bene miraculoullp ſhe wed to vs) we hab bene caſt away euery man. This 

danger was moze doubtfull and terrible, then any that preceoed 07 went before : fo) there was 

not anp one thippe ( J thinke ) that eſcaped wilhont o + Dome lof anchoz and alto ca · 

bles, ſome bores, ſome pinniſſes: ſome anchoz, cables, boat en and Pinntiles, a 

This bopſtrous ome ſo ſe ue red vs ont from another, that one ſhippe kne we not what was 

become of another, The Admiral kne we not where to finde the Ciceadinirall 03 Rearatmirall, 

oz any other (hip of our company. Our General bein on land in Beares found could not tome to 

bis Shtppe, but was compelled to goe abooꝛd the Gabriel where he tontinuer all the way homes 

warde kor the bopſtrous blaſts continued fo extteamelp ond fo long a time, that they ſent vs home · 

warde (which was Gods fauour towardes vs) will we, nill we, in fuch hatte, as not any one 

ol bs were able to keepe in company with other, but were ſcpatateb. Ano it by chance any one 

Oh ppe did ouertake other, vy Cwiftnette of layie, oz mette, as they often did: yet was the ri⸗ 


nome che nin fo him ihercber could not continue company together che (pace of one woe neeotull 
Sur entring night. a 
Dangerous. _ Thus our iourner outtward was not fopleatant, but our coruring thither, entering ¢ coatts 
Dangerous. and countrey, by narrow Screights, perillous pce, and ſwilt tides, 4 2 
ſnowe and ftoymes, and our departure from 
windes andtempetts, which that night aro 
ſapled, that not any of vs mette together, 
Englich coaftes, betweene Sylley and th 
uall in the riuer of Thames. a 
The report of Thomas VViars paffenger in the Emanuel’, other. 4 — 
5 Wille called the gaſſe of Bridgewater, v herein lames Leech was Maſter, one bed by in. 
f . Ofthe ſhips in the la Voyage of Maſter CAtartin Frobjher 1 578. concerning the ſue, and lo 
_ the difcouetie of a great Iſland in theit way home ward the 13. of September, 4 Spanpat 
— ple ve 
iy eae 2 in an 
NAS * much i And by 
ay two, Chechid iF that then 
Nofth uozehwett he fer N the ſame, o 
ol the wan 
uch 
with lozte 
And fo? 
— 
| 
bours, fo 
rich and itt 
2 
1 2 ES tof tt isin ' 7 — 
frog Sete bs in an ror te ! 9 0 
. i, | —bettoifcoue 
nna a as Darboroughs vpowthar rz all their ine 
i [= amitic,ge, i 
e, till be reſpected 
85 755 flats, where 
5 pony 
1 A sk ply eee and oz trade 
105 ü Notes ’ 


bifber.3. 


t but becaule 
noze. In the 
abe fell ſuch 
2 and cable ae 


flats, where the lune is of the heate 


M.R.Hakluits inſtrucliont. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 
Notes framed by N. Richard Hakluyt of the middle Temple Ef. 


uire, given to certaine Gentlemen that went with (At. Frobifher in hu 

orth welt diſcouerie, for their directions: And not vnfit to be committed to print, 
confidering the fame may ftirre vp conſidetations of thefe and of Tuch other things, 
not vnmecte in ſuch new voyages as may be attempted hereafter, 


ber che ürſt Scace be choſen on the feafive, fo as (if it may be ) pou may haue 
e. rour owne Maule within Bap, tiuer op lake, within pour Oeate ſafe from the 

1 354 enemie: and lo as the enemie halbe fopced to lie in open rode abꝛoade with: 
72 ond, to be dilperled with all winden andtemperts that ſhall atiſe. Thus ſeaten 
ou (hall be lealt fubtect to aituop of the enemie, fo map pou bp pour laute 
within palle out to all parts of the woplo, and ſo may the Shippes of England 
baue acceſſe to pou to ſupply all wants, ſo Map pour commodities be carped awap alſo. This feat 
is to be chafen in a temperate Climat, in [werte ayze, where poy may pollelle alwayes Cweete 
water, wood, ſeacoles oz turfe, with lich, fleſh, graine, fruites, herbes and rootes » 0) ſo many of 
thofe as may ſuffice very necefitie fop the life of ſuch as (hall plant there. And op the pote ting 
Of mines of golde, of Mluer, copper, quickfiluer, 0) of any ſuch Prectous thing, the wants of thole 
neeofull things may be ſup plped from fome other place bp ſca, xc. 

Stone to make Lyme of, 
Slate Mone to tyle withall. o ſuch clay as 
maketh tyle, ne 
Stone to wall withall, l Byycke may not ate to be looked fo) ag things without 
bee made, p wich no Citie map be made noz people 
Cimber 10 1 eaſely to be conuei· in ciull lozt be kept together, 
ed to the place, 
Reede to couer houles 02 luch like, irtyle 
oy ſlate 2 a 2 — 

The people there to plant and to cont nue are eyther to llue kraffique, oz by traffique 
and by — of marchandiſe. Ik ihey tail live without featraffique, atthe Art thep — 
hed by want of linnen and woollen, and very nulerable bp inlintce wanes that will otherwile ene 
ſue, and lo will they be forced ol themlelues to depart, oz elle eaſelythey will be conſumed by the 
Mpanparos, by the Frenchmen, on by the naturall inhabitants of the countrep, and fo the enters 
pot . to cur Natlon, and a let to many other good purpoles that map be cae 

in hand. 


And hy trade of marchandile they can not liue, except the Seaoz the Land there maypeelde 
commooltic. And cherefore you ought to haue mol (pectall regard of that pont, and ſo coplane, 
that the nacurall commonicies of the place and leate map dꝛam to pou accelle of Mauigation fox 
te e te — owne Nauigation por tap carp the Came our, and fetch home the Cupplp 
9 the ° 
pe sa be employed (hall, belldes the ſupplp ol wants , be able to encounter 

pty ozce. 

Anv for that in the ample vent of ſuch things as are brought to Pott out of England by Sea, 

ha matter of great conſequente, it behoueth th’ all humanttie and curteſie and much fogs 
beating of reuenge to the Aula nb people be ute: lo “gall pou haue firme amuitie with pour neigh. 


to be bpoughe co pour hands, without the apde of ſome potable ay . riuer, 02 ample 


lake, and therefope haue the helpe of uch a one ‘smol requifite: Aud fo is it of effect for the 
dilperling of pour owine commodities in intotheiniands, 
ingismaetobeinewouren g age then familiarity, Foz fo may por 
bett vifcouer all che natural C. ˙— alfa al theie tmancs,aftbeietrentbe, 
all their weaknefle, and with whom chep arein warre, anb with whom confederate in peace aud 
amitie,e¢, ait dan pou map die nip grea effects of greatett confequence, 

And in pour planting the co ation of the clymate ann of the ſople he Matters ih- 3 
kerepected. ez if tt de fo td at pou bing irt in the fale ſea water, not mixed with the ile ines 
a fta at K 8 in the Bay ol Portugal, 02 in Spsine, 

en map pou procure a man o and baue wonne one noble commodicie fo Gib: 
aud oy trade of marchandize by makttig of Soaie, Noes 

© if 


45 


46 TheEnglith Voyages, &c. M. R. Hal luiti inflruélions, 


ap pelo pou the Grape as good as that at Burdeaux, 
Spaine, q; that in the Allands of the Canaries „then 
man to put in retcution to make Eines , and to dyelle Religns of the 


— which we colour Stammelles, on any Roote, 

— 4 .— A lite le our Rate ol cles 

uu .d. 
3 0 

©) if great woons be found, i they be of Cyppes, the tts map be made if they be ol fome kinde 

ol tren, pitch and Carre may be made, ili hey be offome other, hen they may per ld Rolin, Cure 


pentine tc, and all to; ttane and craffique, and Cackes fo2 wine and oyle may be made like wile 
thips and ho g 


the Sauages to 
seen 
teaſed, and a plate of ſafetie 
in this realme, which are 


refignes,openges, Mpaniththins,ee. N20 
coyne wines, nog on Eaſtland fo} laue ptrh erer, walken oc, 


chaſe 
Ath goo, anner cpper,tallots, ges 
on, tf pou haue plentie of wocd 


though pou haue not the friend ok the necreneighbours, 
thoze 02 other, vpon rent «he in tune to come, il not 


be hope fideo? bpon anp po? 
tobe feaConenton thips,bavks, 
bꝛooke vpon the w 


Sof cauntreys and territopies, erwin time thts place might 
— these the — Ant Kezeplere zes ehen end 
peopie, as ſome other moe lately found out: There might be an ealte res 
moue,and that might be raſed, oz rather kept fo others of our nation to auopd an ill neighbour. 
Ik the foples adioyning to {uch conuenient auen and letling places be found marſh ie and 


boggie, 


flruétions, 


— 
pat at Burdeaux, 
Canaries, then 
e Refigns of the 


rie in ihe which 
bandit (op thus 

bow decre 
and if you linde 


8,0) any Roote, 
our Rate of cles 


tye right good 
he 2 owne 
gen, Lemonds, 
, Marmelade, 
e ol ſome kinde 
Id Rolin, Cure 
lade, like wile 
— 45 
o peelve by in 
Lap be thoug he 


count rp oꝛ any 


tiends, as we 
now wee doe: 


Z 
17 
5 
1 


— 


AN Hakluitsinflrutlions. Traffiquesand Dfteouerte, 
MR. Hak{uitsinftrutlions, Tratfiquesanc 


vin umutle mich one o) nher pettie 


uch ruets found, both Barges and Boates may be made fos the laufe pallage ol luch as (halt 
— = lame. Tyete are to be touered with bunblen of courte linnen artificially wroughe, co 
Windo euerp fotle ofthe wolo by arte map be mane to peels things to feeve anv to clothe man, 
bping in — A pertect note of the ſolſe without ond within, and ue ſpall ocuiſe it neede 
require to amend the lame, and to dꝛawit to eperfection, Ano tf pou finde noe frultes in pare 
planting place to pour liking , we hall 1 with {uch kindes ol plant a to be 
cartyedthither the winter td dn carte verpnert ſummer fallowtag pecio pou 
lome fcutce,andehe peeve next f 48 much as hall luice atowne as bigge ag Calice and 
that (hoptly after (hall be able to yttid pou Great Move of rong burable good finer to bpinke , and 


| gab le op 
table farce taro the land, then would arife great hop Planting in fertil ſoylen, ann trallihe on 
2 it ee 


tbeſe trees thall abe peentg ate vou within elle then kene poecesasimanptcers prefeneto i 
be Luttice the people of diuers pariibes, which at the ru f map Rand pou ingreat 
— — . —— 


kung lter things thae bp 3 — marr sar ‘ 
¢ @ tee 

. —— eae 

A true Difcourfe of the three Voyages of diſcouerie » for tlie 


finding ofa eto Cathays, by the Northweſt, vnder the conduct of 
n Frrob i 


i 29: un 
What ond es and inſtructiom may be reaped by 
dll nt reading chis Difcourfe, 


a 


whe be prouinen of hiyping, victuals, mmh, nd choice of wen, 
3 Dom to o deale with Prange people, be they neuer fo barbarous, cruell and 
lierte, either bp 93 other wile. 


4 Dow cave of aerchanoise map be made withous money, De 


Dotw a {Pilot map beale,being arenen wie mouncaines of ye inte l Dea; . 
5 Pow length of dayes, change of ſeaſous, Mummers and Wineerg nee nit ſundzy 


and 

ap? and robbers, ſierceneſſe of wilde beattes 

and ülhes. bugenetie of weod Mea oF tempeſtes, fe ate of hoden 

rockes, ſteepneſſe of mountaines, dar beneſle of luoden falling kogges, continuall pagnes taking 

— ae neta Difconesies ether onthe Canopy Gates 

— . — — 4 

any faſbions ol biuers nations, the lundzp loꝛtes ol gouernment, the fight of range trern, 

krutte, foules,and beattes, the tnfinice malle of weatle,@olne and Sbilues, the netacs of eng 
1 — op — 
9 ble tod i A 

10 bahn, oulbiers dur bet erue. 8 f 


1 Alg here mz bet ſerne a ood er, be oblerurt of auy tn 
notes, tnb aking — all ap edness — Oe a Diets 


14 Lattlp, 


. 


48 The Englih Voyages,8c. Thetemperature of regions 


12 Lattly, the Reader here may ſer a good paterne of a well gouetned leruite, ſundyy ins 
Mructions of matters of Coſmograpbie, Geographie, and Mauigaron; as tn tending wie ae 
large map be ſeene. . 0 yits 


if 0 6 * hy 104 
Experiences and reaſons of the Sphere, to prooue all partes of 
the worlde habitable’, ‘and thereby to confute the poſition of the fue 
Zones. ed oan 2) 7 * E = thoy 
a hd Belt} it may be atheren by experience of owe Engliſhmen in Anno 15993, Bn 
Experieneeto Capenine Winder made 4 Gopage with Werchanvife to Guinea, ae tunes 
wolle that Tor- do farre within the Torrid Ton, that be was within thꝛee oz foure degrees of the 
bb. Cquinoceialt, aur bis company abioing here certaine SPioneths , returned, wich 


tofperous and gatne full, An. f t 

l l. And etitis pech a A ae 
ing by C. de as 
Décuter vnver che E que 


* * "ey 


2 
amd. $0} ie ts moſt 


‘ms 
2 


hartes of T orrida Zona, whleh 
trey, and whp ſhould not w. 
name any moze experiences , 
Portu fhm ie bt les and 
ofL veerelyto Marochus, 
Ey that the greateR part of the burning te moze temperate and coole 
— ntrey of M ochus , n t appeaty bytbele veafons ann experiences fole 
lowing, Foz let vs firit co the byeapth ann bigpuetie of this burning Sone ( which as tuery 
man knoweth. is 47. degrees) each Cropicke, which 
and ahalfe viſtant from the Equinocttali. Imegine 
Equinoctiall one, eyther of chem di 
— — — 
che Dunne 
8 
degrees in l ade —. 9 
40. es in lat 3 round a 
to longitube) Hand delec · 
any extremitie of e of twenty des 
grees of the Equinoctiall on either five topickes, an fo 
the more pou are ſubiett to ens 
lituate but fire op feurn degrees from 
e lubiect to beate, then any plate vnder op neete the Equi⸗ 


line, 1.9 : 
And Girl by the erperience of ſundꝛy men, y 
Saft and Ille Indies i meny places both direct 
Inithoneconfent affirme, that it aboundeth in 


| sparueitons abia, intra & exeraGangems, the Bands 
Droerthees Dich all Ipe about the m.odle of the burning Zone , were it ts 
quota beearbes, a5 are Ranith, Lettuct, Colewones . Borare, 
mae Caiioarig amb dt crtabie imate them ours , 
CLibeate being fomen che lit of Febnutte, was found 


— — 
of regions, 
— 
uicr, ſundʒp ins 


The temperature o regions. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


49 


leaning moze at 


ll partes of 


n of the ſiue 


607553. n 
ea, and vot tbe 
es ot: 

—— 


1 55 4. to the 
fa trheth, that 
nin, vnto the 
ap to moye ſub · 
pus, then any 


Fo ſe is moſt 
2 — 
e ther Torrida 
— es 
— , — 
e houtn 3 

4 bited of 
les and 

o Marochus, 
ate and ven 
tes fol · 
cen 
2 es 
et five the 
ich Paralels 
of Gemini 


unne 
ney ang 
ntluded be« 
round about 


it is leſle fruitfull, the wheate will be ſeed is ſowne and in ſome 
places will bꝛing fooꝛth an eare as bigge 5 


me containi 


banves together are not able to fathome. 
— that there are the good wes and 


ines, 
es, the faireſt valleys, the goodlieũ 
thicket 


im thence, is the earthip 
map feeme 
compted that there coulde no⸗ 
thing 


their heades in the Jo⸗ 
diatke, 3 thought good bere to alleadge fuch nat eme very ſubſtantlall and 
ſure reaſons. 


two cauſes do mot 
Bf the beat is leſſe. 
fect onto it, if it 


the greater, s in T deze a 5 Note thig 

oxrida Zona: ift 

werdn both Woles, which realon eon — 
teuerberate in ues, ſo that 


3 — — 
BY — erg tubercin colo bapours ute co sbounn 

nD our night is very ſboꝛt colo ble t „ 
boures 2 whereas theirs is alwapes twelue houres ; ‘ — 
dapen and (hore nights, though we want the eq — 

Dil en dere h as great as theirs isthere, an bath ben. b 
1 .. 
anp region, muſf not onely tonſider Dunn 

inuance of the fame aboue the Hopison, 


but alſo the cone 
twice apeere at noone in their Jenn perpendicular — 
Swo houres of thoſe two dapes the heat is bery 
dapes moze an houre cuerx day. vntill ebe Dunne in his 
that this extreme 


3 g. degrees aboue the 
rloche, u mower) e, 
an 


50 


— 


Paris in France 

io as hote as 

under the E · 
umoctiall un 
une. 


1 
darhet under 


eve 
ctial then at 
Pais, 


The Englith Voyages,&c. he temperature of regions. 


Dunnes pꝛeſence foure houresin oue place moze then the other, it 


and fo high very neere will it be with vs at London the fatd eleuenth day of March at noone. And 
therefope looke what fopce the Sunne hath with vs at none, the eleuenth ol March, the lame force 
it ſermeth to haue onder the E quinoctial at half an houre paſt eight in the mopning, oz rather leſle 
force vnder the Cquinoctiall, Fon with vs the Sunne had bene already fire houres aboue the 
hoꝛixon, and ſo had purified and clenfen all che vapours, and thereby bis force encreafed at noong; 
but vader the Equinoctiall, the Sunne hauing bene vp but two houres and an halle, had ſuffict · 
ent to doe, to purge and conſume the cold and mopſt vayours of the long night pal, and as pet had 
wrought no effect of heate. Ind thereloze Imap boldiy pronounce , that there is much lelle 
beate at halle an houre palt eight vnder the Equinocttall. chen is with vs at noonez a fortiori. But 
in arch we are not onelp contented to haue the Sunn (hining, but we greatly deſire the fame, 
Likewile the 11 of June, the Sunne in our Meridian is 2 degrees bigh at London: and vnder 
the Equinoctiall it is Co high alter 10 of the tloche, and ſeeing then it is benelicial with vs: a for- 
tiori it is bentũciall to them after 10 of the clocke. 

And thus haue wee meaſured the force of the Bunnes greateſt beate, the hotteſt dayen in the 
peere, onder the Equinoctiall, that is in arch and September, from Cre till after te nne of the 
clocke in the mozning, and krom two vntill Ounne fer, And this is concluded, by refpecting 
onelpthe firtt cauſe of hegte, which is the canſider ation ol the Angle ol the Dunne beames, by a 
certaine ſimilitude, that whereas the Sunne ſhineth neuer aboue t welue houres moze then tight 
of them would bee coole and pleafant euen to vs, much moze to them that are acquainted alwapts 
with ſuch warme places, Do there remainerh lefle then foure houres of any extelſiue heate, and 
that onely in the tiwo Mommer dapes of the peere, that is the eleuenth day of March, and the 
foureteenth ol Beptember: for vnder the Equinoctiall they haue two Donners, the one in 
March, and the other in Heptember, which are our pring and Autumne: and like wilt two 
intern, in June and December, are our Dommer and Clinter, as map well to 
bim that bath onelp taſted the principles of the Sphere. But if che Dunne bee in Tro: 
piche, op appꝛoching neere thereunte, thet: map wee moze eaſily meaſure the force of bis Meri 
dian altitude, that it ſtriketh vpon the Cquinoctiall, As for example, the twelfth al June the 
unne will be in the lirſt degree of Cancer. Then looke what force the heate of the Dunne hath 
vnder the Equinoctiall, the fame force and greater it hath in all that Parallel, where the Pole 
is eleuated betweene fourtie and ſeuen, and fourtie and eight degrees. And therefore Paris in 
France the twelfth day of Zune ſuſtsineth moze heate of the Bunne, ehen Saint Thomas Jland 
lying neere the fame Meridian doeth like wiſe at noone, oz the J lands Taprobana, Molucca, 07 
the firme lande of Peru in America, which all Ipe vuderneath the E quinoctiall. Foz vpon the 
twelfth day of June aforefaine the Sunne beames at noone doe make an Iſoſcheles Triangle, 
whole Vertex is the Center of the Sunne, the Baſis a line extended from Saint Thomas Aland 
vnder the Equinoctiall, vnto Paris in France neere the fame Meridian: therefore the two Angles 
of the Bafe mutt nerds be equal per 5. ptimi, Ergo the foꝛte of the heat cqual,iftbere were no other 
caule then the reafon of the Angle, as the olde Philoſd haue appointed. But becauie at Pa- 
tis the Bunnt rifech two houres before it rileth to them vnder the Equinoctiall, and ſetteth like · 
wiſe two houres after them, by meanes of the obliquitie of the Hopi * 5 

ome effect moze 
one place then in the other. and being of equall height at noone, tt mutt then needs follom to bt 
more hote in the Parallel of Paris, then it is vnder the Cquinoctial, 

Alo this is an other reaſon, that when rhe Sounne letteih to them vnder the Equinocciall, it 

very derpe and lowe vnder their Hopison, almoſt euen to their Antipodes, whereby theit 


b = 
Fights ar erp thax an thet nights ark mute berp ertreme Darke any long,enpforbemop: 


Parallel che Surme be : and thereloe looke what opves and difference of proportion there is be 


tweene the Sunes above aboue the Vohtzon in Paris, and the above it bath vnder the E quinot | 
tiall, ( it being in Cancer ) the fame proportion woulv ſeeme to be betweene the heate ol the one 


, place, 


Th 


place a 
greſſe t 
But 

to his a 
ance an 
ſence, u 
finde th 
in Jun 
laid) the 
ta Solis 
Cheref 
teth, an 
downe, 
Thu 
like heig 
but a ten 
moderat 


e 


tendeth te 


ſhould be y 
dies, and ir 


‘regions. 


at noone. And 
the lame fozte 
oz rather lefle 
res aboue the 
afed at noong; 
fe, had fuffict: 


effect moze in 
follow to be 


The temperature of regions. Traffiques and Difcoueries. 51 
pce ann eate ofthe oer: fop ober tbings (es the Ange ofthe hate arke oi cbesuanes aoe 


But vader the Equinoctiall the prefence and above of ehe Sunne aboue che Hoꝛiʒon is equall 
to his ablence, and above vuder the opizon,eche being twelue houres. And at Paris the continu⸗ 
ance and abode ofthe Dunne ts aboue the Ponzon firteene houres long, and but eight boures ab · 
fence, which propoption is double, from which if the pꝛopoꝛtion of the equalitie be ſubꝛrat ted to 
finde the pttkerence, there will remaine (hill a double ppopoftion, whereby it feemeth to follow, hat 
in June the heate at Paris were double to the heate under the Equinocttall. Fo; (as A baue 
laid) the Angles of the Sunne beames are in all points equall, and the cauſe of vitference is, Mo- 
ta Solis ſupra Horizontem , the ſtay ok the Dunne in the one Morison moze then in the other. 
Therefore, whoſoeuer could finde out in what proportion the Angle of the Hunne beames bea gn what pio ⸗ 
teth, and what encreaſe the Spunnes continuance doeth adde thercunto, it might expꝛeſip be fet e. 


un be 
Chus pou partly (ee by comparing a Climate to vs well kuowen, ann kamiliarly acquainted by — 
like height of the Sunne in both places, that vnder the Equinoctiall in Zune is ne exteſliue beat, 
Hut a temperate aire rather tending to cold. Cop as they haue there for the molt part a continuall 
moderate heat, ſo pet ſametime they are a little pinched with colde and vſe the benclitt of lire as Chep bis and 
well as we, eſpetially in the euening when they goe to bed, fo as they iye in hanging bers tied kalt Soom: a 
in the vpper part of the houſe, fo will they haue fires made on both fines their bed, of which two Caumoctall, 


to due away ſpirits, and the other to keepe away from 


aching, wtich to them is rather a griefe and trouble then otherwwife, Foz when they re Sun, 
goeto watres, they will put off all their appareil. thinking it to be — wl — ö 


but that we may liue naked and bare, an nature boing eth vs forth. 
Others ag. ine imagine the middle Fone to be extreme bot, becaute the people of Africa, elpe> 
cially the Ethiopians, are focole blacke, and their halre like wooll curlen (hope , which blacknelle 


GHouto not thole Americans and Indians allo be as blacke as they, ſeeing the Sunne is — 2 — 
Bilanc fromthem both, they abiding in one Parallel: for the contaue and conuere Superficies of — 


lace as to the other. But the Dunne is thought to glue no otherwile heat, but by way ol Angle 
K reflection, and not by his neerenefie to the earth: lo; throughout all Africa, * — 


okthele mountaines amount vnto, and pet ehe Sunne notwithltanding bis neertnelle, can bue onein bp’ 
wot mels che {now fo wane of conuenient place of reflections, Alto the middle region of the aire “tou. 
where all the haile, fro, and (now isengendped, is neerer vnto the Sunne then the earth is, and 
kerthere continucth perpecuall cold, betauſe there 3 Dunne heames may reflect 
Aaunſt, where by appeareth that the netreneſle of the boop of the Sunne workerh nothing. 
_ Wherefore to returnt azaine to che blacke Moores, J sw fette bene {er an Ethiopian ag 
Nackt as a cole e ataice Engtith woman to mile, be gat a forme 
tm ell reſpecta as blacke as the was, England were his native countrey, and an in black 
womun his mother: whereby it feemech ackenppocceeverh rather offomenacural Edt 
2 infection 


32 TheEnglith Voyages, &c. The temperature of regions, 


De 

ifection of that man, which was lo trong, that neither the nature of the Clime, neither the ated 
d complexion of the mother concurring, coulde anp thing alter, and therefoze wee cannot Tut a8 

ie to the nature of the Clime. And fo amore freth example our people of Mete Incognita __ Aftican 

(ol whom and fo; whom this dilcourſe is taken in hande) that were troughe this la yeere into thereto; 
England, were all genevallp ofthe fame colour that man nations be, tping tn the miobettof the table pt 


abe people middle Fone, And chis tbeit colour was not onely in the face which was ſubietr to Sumneany Mert o 
ana, ® alte, but alfo in there bodies, which were fil coucred with garments as ours ate, yea ihe very fucs enn 
Khe complent hing childe of twelue moneths age had his Chinne of the very fame colour that mott haue Under Alus rath 
DleotMenin, the Equlnocttall, which thing cannot pꝛot red by realen of the Clune, fog that they are at leaſt ten 1. Ku 
cognita, degrees more towardes the Mopth then wee in England are, No, the Sunne neuer commeth would 
neeve thelr Zenith bp fourtte vegrers : fop in effect ,thep are within ihne os foure degretꝝ ol tant (‘i utc 
which they tall the frofen Jone, and as J ſaide, fourtie degrees from the burning Fone, where ⸗ 
bp it followeth, that there is lome other tauſe then the Climate oy the Sonnes perpendicular 


a 


reflerion , that ſhould cauſe the Ethiopians great blackneſſe. And the mot probable caufe to 2 Ae ch 

mn ungetnens is that this blackeneffe procecocth of forme natural infection of the firtt inbabis 5 mahe de 

tants of that Countrep, and fo all the whole mogenie of them delcenden, are {till polluensn was pze 

with the lame blot of infection, Therefore it hall not bee farre from our purpoſe, to examine Alfoc 

the fie opiginall of thele blacke men, and howe by a lineall diltent thep haue hitherto continues deriueth 

thus blacke. . = 3 fone 

It manifetlp and plainely appeareth unt ger 

Feet and ouerflowing of the earch, there remained no moe men aluue, but Noe and his three fonnes, froin th 
Blache. = Sem, Cham, and Iaphet, who onelp were left to polſelle and inhabite ihe whole face of the earth: tt follows 


therefore all the ſundzy diſcents that until this pꝛelent day haue inhabited the whele carth, m 1 bon: whit 


molt, and 
Bes 

be wicked Spirite | “7 
isfuch ,chat as bee coulde not luffer our olde father Adam to liue in the felicicie and Gnarithe baue two 
Hace wherein hee was fir treated, but tempting him, foughe and procured bis ruine and kall: out foten 
fo againe , finding at this flood none but a father and thee fonnes ſiuing, bee fo cauſed one of fome plac 
them to tranlgreſfe and vifobep his fathers commaundement, that alter bim all bis poteritie Coan 


Che urn. ot ſhoulde bee accurfev, Che factof diſobediente was this: Tuben Noe at the commandement bdboutthe t 
ot. 


of God had made the Arke anv entred thereti, and the floud-gates of heauen were „ klurre, tha 
fo that the whole face of the earth, tuery tree and mounteine was couered with — of Ge — tinuantec 
water, bee Qraicelp commaunded his fonnes and their wiues , that they ſbould with reuere ne tie degree 
ams feare beholde the iuttice and mighty power of God, aud that during the time of the found berthed 
while they remained in the Arke, they Mould ve continencie, and abſtaine from carnall copuls fe = atid their 
Cion wich cheir wires : and many other precepts hee gaue nto them, and apmonitions touch. 3 — 
ing the (uttice of Gov, in reuenging Anne, and bis mercie invsliucring them, who nothing d. r ccourſe o 
lecudtk. Caitich goon inftructions ano exhortations nottwithitanding bis wicked fonne C, dbowe te 


Sethe fonne diſobeyeb, and being co chat the fr chilve bonne alter the flood (by tight and Lawe ck; Lilined we 
ee nature )thoulo inhertte ann pottette all the vominions of the earth , bee contrarp to his fathers fe 


dont enen t wbll they were pet in the Arke, vled company with bis wife, and craltiiy went nude Anat 
about thereby ta diſ-inherire the off-Crring of hie ather two brethren: foz the which wirkrdand alot 
detenable lact: as am example fop content of Almightic God , and difobedience of parents, G bktwomon 
dert & Conne Gouta bee beine whote ume was Chus, wo nut omclp icfelfe, bueall bsp el Seiſttie 
Rtevivie after him thoulo bee lo blacke and loctfome, that it might remaine a fpectacle ofpifobe: ⸗ mm ertreem 
diener to all the worde. And of this Elacke and curſto Chus came all ibele blacke Moore: te Equine 
tec which are in Africa, fo? after the water was vagiched from off the face of the earth, an that tte — therestjerice 
lande was dp, Sem choſe shat part of the land to inhabite in, which nowe is called Afia, and Ia. Hee thentit ts vn 
phet had that which now is called Europa, tuhercin wee well, and Afiica remained foy Chem — ation, mel 
andbis Llacke ſonne Chus, end was called C home ſis alter the fathers nome, being perhaps atu · bound unden 
led ev, landp nb onfruiefull ground fic for uch a gen. ration to inhabite in. wbwuwper the T 
Thus you fee , that the caule of the Echropians tlackneffe is the curſe nd nature ll infection: — bn 
Of blood, and not the Dittemperstute of the C ligate ; CEAbich alto map bee proouen bp this , lng o the; 
ample, that theſe blacke men are found in all parts of Africa, ag well without the Tropic hes, ag lente aboue 
mann enen bate Cure de buotie Scerenzs Scuthleary,, where Ip teaſon of the Sphere, — — 1 


bould be the fame temperature tbat is in Sieilis, Morea and Candie, where al be of verp good cont 
plertong, Fi conclude, that the blacknele 


if regions, 
me, neither the 
de Wee Cannot 
Meta Incognita 
lat peere into 
e middeſt of the 
to Qunne and 
ea the very ſuc⸗ 
oft haue under 
are at leaſt ten 
euer commeih 
Degrees of that 
J Jone, where 
perpendicular 
bable caufe to 
he lirſt inhabi⸗ 
> Till polluten 
dle, to examine 
erto continued 


all inundation 
three fonnes, 
e of the earth: 
le carth, meu 
et Noe, who 
Nand hroughe 


shed Spivite | 
and Angelike | 


wine and fail: 
cauſed one of 


bis poderit e: 
nmandemene 


itions couche 


o nothing de> 
ſonne Cham 


and Lawe of 1 
o his fathers 


traltily went 


b wiktdan 


atents, Gos 


ut all his po | i 
cle ol diſobe⸗ 
cke Moore: 


and that the 


Afia, and I- “a 


d a Cham 
rhaps acure 


oll infection 
by this er⸗ 
ropickes, as 
be Sphere, 
Pavod com- 
be Cline, 

but 


z 
2 
aie, 


ce eee e 


The temperature of regions. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


it commeth fo fetoome , and continueth ſo lmall a time, when it commeth, it is not to bee w 


bur rather the moverate beate of ochet times in all the peere to be remembyes Anvitehe beate 


as Jade, of the infection of blood, and therefore this their argument gatheren of the 
Aer blachnelte is not able to deſkrop the temperature of the middle Jone. (lee may 
therefore verp well bee aſlertained, that vnder the Cquinoctiall is the mot ple aſant and deler⸗ 
table place of the wozlbe to dwell in; tobece althaugh the Sunne oz twohoures in apeete be 
dicect oucr their heades, and therefoze the heate at that time ſumt wyat if force bet becaufe 


33 


APCD, rrateſt teme 
rat ure un⸗ 


at any time ſheulo in the ſhozt day ware ſomewhat vzgent, the tolnnelle of the long nighe there da Eqns 


would calilp refreſp it, atroꝛding as Honterus lapeth, (peaking of the temperature vnder the E. 


tiall. 
bt Quédque die folis violento incanduit æſtu, 
Humida nox xeficit, paribuſque refrigerat horis. 


At che heate of the Sunne in the dap time doe burne op parth any ching, the toy ture of the 
night voeth coole and refreth tye ſame againe, the Sunne being as long ablent in the night, as it 


was prefent in the day. 


Allo our Aucthour of the Sphere, lohannes de Sacro Bosco, in the Chapter ofthe Fovtacke, 
deriueth the Etymologie of Zodiacus, of the Greeke woꝛd Zoe, which in Latine figuifictly Vita, 
life ; fo out of Ariſtotſe hee alleadgeth, that Secunduc cceſſum & receſſum ſolis in Zodiaco, 
fiunt generationes & cotruptiones in rebus inferioribu 5: accoading to the Sunne going to and 
fro in the Jodiake, the inferiour bodies take their caules of geueration and copruption. Then 
it followeth, that where there is mot going too and fro, there is moſt generation and coprupti⸗ 
on: which mut needes be berweene the two Tropickes; for there the Sunne goeth coo and fra 
pines; Phat is inthe mwdle Wnder tye S. 
which alfo wee 


alter, fo that they 
baue two Daruetts in the peere, and continuall Spring, Oceing then che nitdele one kalleth 
pe we luide 


tof and ns where elle but thete. Cherefoze set weene the two Tro n 
Jone, is greateſt incrraſe, multiplication, generation, and cozrrptian of thi 


finde by experience; fo; there is Sommer trace in tie pere, and twice 


out ſo temperate, it reſtethto declare where the hotteſt part of the wozld out b 
ſome places moze hote then others. 7 ut 3 7 

Co anſwere this doubt, teaſon perfwaneth , the hutelt place in the wofld to bee vnder and ae 
het two Troptckes ; — — — 4. Ann ever place 1 thee 
curre, that is, the perpendicular falling o beames, at right angles, anf ee, r cot 
tinuante of che Suttneaboue the opison, the Pole there being eleuacen chyer 0} and twen⸗ 
tte degrees, And as before I concluded, thet choughthe Sunne were perpendicular to them vn · 
der the E quinoctiall, pet becaule the aise t bats ſmall time, (their vapes being thore, 
and their nights long) and the ſpeedie departure of the Sunne from their Fenith, becauſe of 


of Solftitium Aeſtiuale: which fo long 7 —.— of the Sounne about their rnithmay c aue 
an ertretme heate ( ik ony be inthe wont ) but of neceſitte karre mo ze hegte tteu can bee vnder 
the Egumoctiall, where the Sunne hath no ſuch long above in the Zenith, dun paſſeth away 
vet cat, —— ey me 
then ir is vnder ihe quit ; ode t 0 a r 

ration vit nceves be eheveatens elpectallp ſeeing eee Wherein coloe and moyſture dot a. 
bound vider the Tropiches, is let chen it is vndet ide Cherrfope I gather that 
vnver the Tropiches is the hoteſt plate, not oncly of Torrida Zona; but of any other part of the 
taufe of heate boe concarre; chat is, the . 


Dauer u Gavee nme Hove, then a6 . 

nerreche Epckof Ga N — — thetr Reither pee de A thinke, Har 

the Reede bnber tbe Gopieks ace noe ath: wle, fn thep tre forme be very fruiefull 

allo; Ee CA ee epee 
ee a 


is 
gtearent genes 


bol heate con: one be 


hd 


temp 


$4. The Engliſh Voyages, &c. The ten verature of regions, 


TI 
— 
native fanvie Cotte, and lone accivents map ſetme to fome to be intemperate for ouet mich heat. er 
2 £0} Ferdinandus Ouiedus (peaking of Cuba and Hifpaniola, lands of America, ing hard on. veto 
—— 02 by the — — faith, that iheſe Banos haue as good pallure fog cattell, as anp tre tt 
cauntrep in the wo D. ‘ 

fo ,thep baue moll holeſome ans cleare water, and temperate aire, bp reaſon whereof the 5 * 
beaſtes are much bigger, fatter, and of better taſte, ihen any in Spaine, betauſe of the 11 the tt 
ranke paſture, mbole mopſture is better digeſted in the hearbe op gralle, bp continuall and tem: 8 

perate beate of the Qpunne, wherebp being made moze fat and vnctious, it is of better and ‘ 


moze Hedfat nourityment: Fc; continuall and temperate heate doeth not onelp dawe much 1 — 


preferwe the fame from pucritying, vigetting aif, ano con. — 

˖ gumme and vnctious ſubſtance, where eth ne 

leſome, fruitefull, and pleafane habitatton, In 

th, that all the middle Fone, which vntill of late dayes bath bene comps rue! 

ng, bꝛopling, and parched Zone, is nom found to he the mot delicate, tem · epert 
and delectable part of the woꝛlo and efpeciallp vnder the Equi- 


large declaren the temyt aur of the miaeie Fone, it remaineth 
be moverace and continua’! wat: In tolbe Regions, e well in tye 
onmner long. and alfo how iht N zians ape babtt / v 10 the inhabi ; 


er. 


egions all the Sommer long, and 
a ow in Winter the fame is habitable, eſpecially to the inhabi- 
thereof. ha 


by bare conierture. went about to determine of thoſe places, 
vbecaule bey felt them to bee hardly tollerable 


bet brought bp 
ae — liue, for fo ſuddeine an parang the colde aire : but ifthe lame man had 
come at the beginning of Sommer. and afterward bplitele and little bpcertaine degrees, han 
fele and acquaineed Gimntelfe with she frost of Autumne,se wowld haue ſe emed by degrees to bars 
den him, and faro:make it farce mohe tolerable, and bp vſe after one peeve op two, the aite 
weds ſerme to hun more temperate. It was compted a 2 the olde time, that 
there man a baile pot broken in ſunder with frofen water in Pontus, alter was bioughe 
aad (Petwevin Delphis, in cohen of a nsiraculous solve region and winter, aup therefore confectar 
“Hohe ng brag inte Beet cee regres (Late nen, 
> i ee a 
ſenep counted e very hardit and ncaſſiy to be inhabited fo? the great colde. And how then 
A vpon other farte without 


can Gach men Regions very that Parallel, whether they wert 
or not, Cheing chattn ſo necre a place they fo geoflely mnistocke the matter. andathers 
—— — ned with the inuentinnx of the ade Authors, ba 


den Conc ue perliſted willing · 
ft eye Cone ophnton, widhmope conftvence chen confneration ofthe cauteiCalighalp twas that opi: 
— — ‘i. 


* 


of regions. The temperature ofregiont. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 55 
ouet much heat. 5577 conan 


Therefore I am at this pꝛe ſent ta pꝛoue, that all the land lying betweene the laſt clanat turn 


a, 2ing hard on. t directly vnder either poles , is 02 may be inhabited. elperially of ſuch creatures as MU tbe Month 

02 Cattell, as anp — and — therein. — it is to be confellen, that ſome particular living crea: babuaien 
Are cannot liue in euery particular place op region, efpectaltp wich sheCane top and felicitie , as ra 

fou whereof the tl te div where ie was lirlt bed, for the certeine agreement of nature that is betweene the place and 

e, becaufe of the the thing bye“ n that place: as appeareth by the Elephant, whicybeing tranſlsted and brought elephant. 

inuall and tem: s out ol che ſeconp oꝛ third climat, though they may liue, yet will Chey neuer ingender oz hing forth 

Sof better d dong. alla we fee the like in many kinds of plants and herbe; oxerample,the Drange trees, al one, tre, 

tly dawe much * though in Naples they bring loꝛth . Rome and Florence they will beare onely 

wendzed in hat flare greene leaues,but noe any fruit: ann tranllateb into England, they will hardly beare either 

galſo, and cons flowers fruit,opleaues, but are the next linter pinthed and withered with colve : pet it follow: 

Rance where: th not fo? this, chat England, Rome, and Florence could not be habitable. 

Cant habitation, In the prouing ol thele colve regions habitable, 2 ſpalbe very fhojt, becauſe the lame reafong 

ath bene comps Cetue For this purpote, which were alleen before in the mouing the mb dle zone to betemperate, dare ante of 

i delicate: tem · eſpeclaliy ſeeing all heat and colde proceen from the Dunne » bp che meanes either of the Angle 

nder the Equi- a which bis beames do make with the. ion, oz els by the long oz ſhoꝛt continuance of the Sung 

pretence abone ground: fo that ift: apunnes beames do beat perpenvitularip at right Angles, 

e te remaineth dien there is one cauſe of heat, and if the Hunne do allo long continue aboue the Horizon, then the 

1% intde beat thereby is much increaſed bp otceſſe of this other tauſt, x {> groweth to a kinde of ertremity, 


38 
ef 
af 
35 
Ze 
ae 
= 
EI 
33 
a3 
1 
EE 
i 
Fe 
S 
23 
aS 
23 
ws & 


long, and [© conanv avtence of beat and (Fone taule be wanting, and che oeger pyrſent, the effece will grew 
the inhabi - 


he Poles Arce 


ge ſeuen Cli ſture confumenbp napour. But in ſuth regions, ouer tye uhich the Sunne tiſech lower (as in 
cers, is found regions extender tomato either pole) it maketh there vnen les, but the Sunne continit⸗ 
co where hee eth longer, and maketh longer dayes, and cauſeth lo much thezeer and warmer nights, as retain⸗ 
d by a Paral⸗ watme vapours of the day pall, Foꝛ there are found bp experiente Summer nights in Scot · Note 
we is diſcom⸗· land and Gothland verp hot, when vnder the Cquitoctiall they are loumd very cald. Chis bene: re be vote 
b Scotland to fit of the Sunnes long continuance ¢ incrrale doch mugtnent fo much the mode in colde coe nights 
nee aua as they are nererthe poles ; aud ceafcebnocinereasing nil it como btrectiz bnder the d 
b bp 56 point ofthe pole Arcticke, where the Sunne continueth aboue ground the ſpate of fire monet bs 
ion, England, op halle a pere together, and ſo the dap is halle a yere long, that ia the time of the Sunnes bein 
in the Noyth un krom the firthoe gree of Aries sed l che tat ot Virgo, that Wall the time from 
choſe places, dur 10 bey of Parchuntill the 240 Meptember, The ö e during the time or theſe on. day or rr 
vip tollerable five moneths without any offence oz bee, dosh nehme cure eg lands wand 
man bonne in with heat that neuer ceaech during that kürte; whieh mabeth tu he great iuereaſe of Summer, 
the luddt ine, bp reaſon of the Sunes continuance, Ebervmme tt folowsrey, thar though the Sunne be nos 
ge this Ree there very ower thet beans, to caute right angle Leanesanoto giue great heat, perthe Sun 
Countrep, is being there itt ne mo 24 beistees high doch end a conan anv Mmeanebeat,twbich there 
me man had nech without hindzance of the night the (pace of fire monoths (as tv Lefope ſayd) during 
degrees, han lotleh time there followeth to be a Conuenient, moderate and temperate beat 1 og els rather it is pay al — 
ret to bars £0 be ſultecred ehe hunt there to de very great, both fop continence, and allo, Quia virtus vnita 
wo, the airt crefcis, the dertue th ofbeat nter intone ineventerty,: Athen there de ſuch a moderate 
de time, that bert duwer the poles, ano the fame to continue fotong time; would modue che olde writers 
vas boughs to Cap there cases be place fo) bi the of this tenperate heat bnder 
ze conſecra · both the manileſdipappeste, les d. 5 Gquality of che ſphere, 
sas e gelte a 8s eae a ee Roane el cans, eas contequee te 
nd how then ö lands and regio 2 — on ban the pole log thete Jenich, mul needs 
r they mere . rtheretije then curiae ran ihe weet Eres, 
Lames = Sad Severibing cue P54 boutena paraliet fa che Cquindcriall by dhe viurmall notion of Primum 
ted willing · moe che le allets mud needs be whokhy abdue the Denn: ann ſo oke hom many vs · 
vas chat opi · grees ate Erbin the felt of Aries to the laß ofVirgo, oma whole revolutions there are a: he Tung 
Chee bout their poꝛtʒon that vweli barer the pole, which amount to 182, „„ in 182 barten 


Meant 24 poures halle the bony of the @puune is aboue the hon zon, and the other halie is vnder bis only — 


, 19 of: 
all one under tenter, deſcribi both the ho and the equinoctiall circle. 

Depele And — 1 — it followeth, pe 
bis greatett height in tholt countreps to be almott 24 degrees. And fo high is the Mun at noone ftieute 
to bs in London about the 29 of October, being inthe 1 degree of Scorpio, and lihe wiſe the a1 about, 
of January being in the 15 of Aquarius, Cherefore looke what force the Dun at noone hath in with h 

London, London the 29 of October, the fogce of heat it bath, to them that dwell under the pole, the euerp t 
Space alsnoft of two moneths, during che time of the Summer folfticium,and that without inter paſſe ct 
mingling of any colde night; ſo that ifthe beat of the Dunne at noone could be well mealured in neither 
London ( which is very hard to do, becaule of the long nights which ingender great moiſture and ol the t 
cold) then would manifettty appeare by erprete numbers the maner of the beat under the poles, acto adi 
which certainly muſt needs be to the inhabitants very commopious and ppofitable , if it incline Dunn 
not tu ouermucb beat, and if moiſture do not want. wing cri 

Foz as in October in England we finde temperate aire , and haue in our gardens hearbs aud not nat 
j our cold w much moze ſhould they haue che fame good aire, be · the thicl 
(ug continuall without night, Chis beat of ours continueth but one houre, while the Sun is in ett furr 
that meridian, but ueth a long time in one beight, This our he at is weake, and by the thicker 
cooleneſſe of the vaniſhe beat is bp tontinuall atceſſe is ſtill increaſed anv lich mer 
Commodions Urengthened. And thus by a linulitude of the equail height of the Sun in both placesappearety Arctike 
88 ¢conmtodious and moderate beat of the regions vnder the poles, * therne ¢ 
And lurely A cannot thinke that che diuine pꝛouidence bath made vncommunicable, abunpar 
bus co baue giuen ſuch over to all ebings, that one way 02 other the fame thoutd be and ſea as 0 
i anb place (houto be collerable te the nert : but efpeciallp all things in this lomer Buel 
Wopld be giuen ta man to haue dominion and ble . we need no longer to doubt the pole: 
ol the temperate and commodtous habit ation underthe poles during the time of Dummer. bled wit 
But all the controuerſie in the Minter, fi thofe regions, ſuch con 
anv is uo move (eene fos tbe Space ul other Gre monetbs,in the tobich time all ehe Hunnen courte nop esees 
bnder their borisan fop the ipare of balfe a pere, and then thole tegions (Cap ſome) mutt needs thole mé 
| under the pols, be Defopmen with ble barkneffe and continuall night, which map be che caule chat beats can great ber 
food, and that allo the colde ſhould then be intoller Pp which tuils all to and fe 
liuing creatures be conttrainedto die, and were not able to indure the extremity and iniue to be gre 
rp of Ilinter, and fumine inſuin thereof, but that all things ſhould perith before the Mummer tops of m 
follotoing, udenther donn ag fovpeh their bpood and peong, ano chat fog ebete canes the lad ſollerbg 
Clime about the pole ſpoulv be delolate andnos babitable. To all which objections map be an: pace for 
»__ fivered inchs mene: Lick. than though che Spunne he ablene from cher theilt monetbs, pet Düne 
‘ tt followery not that there thouto be fuch extreme darknetle ; fol as the Sunne is departed vader land, wt 
their boptson,(o is it not Farce from them : and not lo laune as Dunne falleih ſo ſuddenly toni · longll che 
merh the darke night; but the eurning doth ſubchiente aud the day a good while after by though th 
twilight, Alter which time the relidut of che night recetueth light of the vont aud Starres, therne dp 
vncill the bye ake al the day, which giueth allo a certaine light before the Sunnes riling; ſo that poong xt 
by thele mennes the nights are lel dome hake ; which is verifiew in all parts of the woꝛld but leatt cogaita,t 
th the mnipole Sone mer the Cquinoctiall, where the ctoilighes are thort, qn che nighes barker pallage fa 
chain anpotber plate, becanfe abe Sunne goeth onder beit feigen : .eye,cuen te tysin and. tections ¢ 
25 „We (ce in kaßlandmibe Dummer dicht, wöen th; W uno, mul nos fam Dane che of beattst 
zom that bp che Light of che Pant e Scares me map crauell al night, duni were, bucks, fen 
do (omneother labour alfo, And Wert is no man ther voubtest herber our can pou dall 
in che nights, ſeeing we are ſo well certified heret by our experience : ann bp renſon of the fpbere the Sones 
ous nights ſpould be parker then any time vnder the poles, a Ce ted 2) Pies 
Che — — thac the Punt ng hn D 18 —— 
parallel vnder t maketh en end of twiligbe, ſo that at tt > 1 
ener ea ie cl Againe, by the policion of the a the aue 
5 t ö under tbte l 
N eee therefore that are parallel 


to the equinoctialt — — 1 — — 
b are N Fy 4 
NT EN PRC ER tg = 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, AA. Frobiſber. i. 


bung true certiiicate of the truth. oy lenaro recurne againe knowing this to be the onlp thing 
of che world that was Left pet wndone wherebp anotable nunde might be mabe famous and foytu- 


alſo many offers for the perfopming of the fame in cftece vnto Cunopp merchants of dur countrep 
aboue 15 peres before be att mpted the lame, as bp good wir neſſe hall well appeare (albeit fome 
culll willers which challenge co chemfrlues the fruits of other mens labours haue greatly iniu · 
Fed hum in the repopts of the fame, ſaying that they haue bene t he fir aut hour of that action. and 
chat they haue learned him the may, which themſe lues as pet haue neuer gone) but perctiuung 
that hardly he was hearkencd unto of the merchants » Which neut t regard vertue without fure, 
Certaine, and prefent gaines , be repatred to the Court (from wix Nee, as from the founcame of 
our Common wealth, all good caules haue their theft increate and maintenance) and there lay · 
edopent many great cCates and learned men the plit and fumme ol bis deucr. And among? 
Many bonourable minds which fauoured his honeſt end comme ndable le, be was ſpett · 
ally bound and beholding to the right honour able Ambtoſe Dudley earle o Warwicke, whofe 


fauoura’ys 008 Difpeficton bath alwapes bent adp to countenance andaduance all 
honeſt hours and erceucersof the fame : and fo by meanes of mp lozd bis ho · 
Orit Sle Cortanay + be receiuenfome conrfoyt of his caufe, and by ticle anv ittie, wach no {mall 


eu aun paine brow bis caufe co ſome perfection , and bao mawen together (> aduen · : a 
— — — ; 
ta lea withall. 

De prepared two ſinall barks of twenty and fine and twenty tunnt a piece , wherein be inten · 
be to atcomplith bis pretended bovare. EXiberefore being furnithen with the forefapo two 
batks , and one ſmall pinne™ 9) osc. ce ’ naar ace bn 


then 
fo} twelue moneths prouiion » be drparted bpon 88 voyage from Blacke-wall the 15 of 
June anno Domini 1476 


karre the great topme he ſuppolet to be Cwallowed by of the Sen, whertcin he lok onelp 
re men. 


de ee Alfocbe orber barke named Che Michael mittrutting the matter, conuepenthemfelues , 
— Wily „war krumm bum, ano returned dome. with great repoyt thar be was calt alway, 


and feathe Came might be fo forte to che Nozthwedwar ps, beyond amp man chat hath bert e 
dulcouered. And the twentie hol July he had lobe of an bia h land, wheel be called Queene El. 
zabetiis Forland, after her Baie Mies name. Ind failing moze NRonherl alongſt that cor®, | 
deſcried another loꝛland With a great gut, bay, on paflage, diuidine as it wert to mainelan 
on continents alunder. There he met with More v erceeding great icc all tbis coat along. 
Courting dill to cont ne his courte o ihe out wards, was alwapes by tont rary winde detai · 
hedoucrshiwart theſe Gragh:s, and could not get beyond. Within few vapes after he pertemed 
the ice to he well ton ſimmed and e, euber th re ing ulted in ty ſt me wilt currents o; intgaft⸗ 
Frobidhers urn carrien n to the outhwart of che fame! aig hts, op els conutyed ſem other way: where» 
And Fore be dete. mined io make proofe of this place, to fee how farre that gut b. continuance, and 
é Inbether he might carry bimfelfe thorow the (ame indo ſeme open fee on the backe five, whereof 
he concetuen => fall bope, and ( ted the l, de one and twentieth of Tuly, and paller a: 
bouc \iftp leagues therein, as het. Ned, hauing vponeither hong e greet maine op continent. 
And chet land vpon bis right band as be faiico Mcd u ett peiudges to be the continent of Ala, 
and there to be diuided from the fru vi America, whieh lier!) Spou the it hand euer 2 gell 
2 7 


Srabitivers This glace he named a/ / ina “robithers Areighrs,tihe ap Magella us at P South el 
Mraghts. end 


— 


robiſber. i. A4. Frobiſber. i. Traffiques & Difcoueries, 59 
be the only thing —— alo, bauing coueted the paſſage to the South fea (where America is diuide d from 
— — err ha — er tbe Mouth pole) and calbed ve Carve ftraighes, Ma- 
1 — lun · — bs bon pela 60 leagues into this ſoꝛeſayd Craight, he went au e, and found gut 
and * 
ttets, and made . to be enn, Ald voune ot be, am barSty be tfeeges Bam, 
ol our countrep wo ch bis life in a narrow way, where be was faine to vſe defence and policy to ſaue his life, 
rate (albe it Come In this place be law and perceiued cunt y tokens of the peoples reforting thither, 2 
ue greaiy imu atone von the top of a bell, be perceiuen a number of ſmall things flecting inthe fea alorte off, 
that action. and which he luppoſed to be porpol:. ſeales.on ſome kinde of range fith ; but comming necrer, he mre 
bur perccuung vifeouereD chem tobe men in fin oats made ofleather, Aud before he coulpvefcend downe frd Shy fr debe 
ue without fure, the bill, cert une of tholt n almot cut off his boat from him, llollen fecretip be: 
the founcamne of the rocks fo) that purpole, . here be fpeepilp batten to bis boat, anu bent hun elfe to his bal: 
t) andthere laps berd, and narrowly efcaped the danger and faucd bis boat, d fund»y confercn 
+ And among ces wichthem, and they came abo d bis Chip, and brought bim ſalmon and ram fleſh and filh, and Game. 
irwicke, M hole matteries vpon the ropes of the Qip after our mariners fathion, and appeared to be very urong ol 
andabuance all thetr armes and nimble of their bodies, Thep exchanged coats ol lealcs, and be ares k innen, and 
my logo bis ho · ſuch like, wird our men and roctined belles, losung glalles,snd other toyes. in recompente the re- 
, wuth no ſmall of againe, After and many meetings, our mariners, contrary to cheir capcaines kun 
fo manpabuens direction, began moje eallly to tru them; and die of our men going athore were bp hem inter · Fh Ate ae 
wrnith pimifeife cepted with their boat, and were neuer lince heard of to thisvay againe : lo that the captaine bes ico a tab 
ing defticute of boat, barke, anv all company, had f number to conduct backe bis 

berein be inten · barkke agutne. e could now neither conuep hinlelfe alhore to refcue his men (if be bad bene able 
ee twa foy want ofa boat; and againe the fubcile teaitours were {0 wary, os thep would after that ne 
ber nett artes wer come within our mens danger, The captaine notwithte dt ſirt us to bring fome toe 
wall the 15 of ben lr om thence ol his being there, was greatip vifconcented that he had not before apypehenden 

fome of them : and therrtogt to vecetue the decciuers be wrought apretp policy ; fo knowing wel 
— they greatly delighted in cur topes, and (peciallp in belles, he rang apzecy lombell, making 
0 raggeo land. 
ri not ap hoch 
Qs that trou⸗ 
lle, which bp 
Nhe loſt nely 


emſelues pri: 
6 ſyumg, n 
fe tow orbs the 
ne lant ‘houlp 
oft , un 
Ath hert te re 
Queene Ei; 
that coef, | 
7 
along, ane 
1— ic a me 
he percenied lenge alter diuers he commanded his , (bp anp meanes 
80} inopatts saben, 0% — 2 ing they could ir finde , wherber it were liuing op dead, 
way: where e oz Gone, in neee ueenes tating 
nuance, ann mot excellent Maieſty chinking that thereby he might iuitify the hauing and inioping of the fame — 
ibe, wtertef things that grew in unknowen parts. 8 
and palle r a. Dome of his company brought floures, ſome Galle e hzoughe a piece of blacke 8 
©) continent. done much like ca ales cole in colour, tobich bp the walg t foes Abe ſome kind of mettall o Des g 
nent of Ala, mineral. This was a ching of no account in the iuogement of the tapt aint at the lirſſ light; and dance, 
eure ogee pas ens Sas ape ts Teapeee cc che piace Er iopENE it CRE. 
“atte bis aia in London, being vemanbeo of funy» bis friends twat thing he hao byoughe 

South wee them home out of that countrey,be had nothing lef eee apiece of hs techs 

end ? 


— 


60 The Englith /oyages,&c, A. Frobiſber. I. J 
8 i —— — — — 


, T. the 
matters thertof il there were tobe found, 2 
Sonne cbnt bao great hope ge e 5 AN 5 
4 at 
ol tbolt places , whereby to inioy the muſle of fo gre at a pub like pꝛollt vuto their — 
galues. 


In concluſion, the bove of moye ofthe fume geh oye to be hun hinoled a greater 
the beartsof manp to abuance the vopage againe, Ader tupon 
voyage againſt the pere follo 
Searching mae o — 
well ac 


countenance ¢ 
Atrue report of fuch things as ha 


captaine Frebifber, preten 
China, and the E 


and fo) 
boule in Efex , 
comtopt able 


ol her SHaiettes, namev C be A 5 
ol Jad. Bhekwal — (hee 
Goos belpe) to takt the 25 bap of Mex, in the gert of our 
1070 Gov 1577, 


Chriftopher Hall. 

J Charles lackman, 

j 4idrew Dier, 

(Richard Cox, 

A boon 


AA. Frobiſber. 2. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


Captaine Edward Fenton, 
Abooyw the Ce- 2 One Oentlemun William Tamfield, 
briell was Che auler William Smyth, 


Captaine Gilbert Yorke, 
— Mi One Gentleman Thomas Chamberlaine 
chac Che Pater James Beare, 


tlunoap being che 26 of Pay, Anno 1577, earlyin the moni we weighed an · 
Nels wre Sy fell that tyde bowne to Grauefend, where — vntill Mon · 


Dap at 5 
1 dom the Aycle we rtrehutd all the Communion by the ey, ie 
88 Good Ciji(tians towards God, and relolute men fop Me corr wus 


number 
Proper men which with berg 

vnwillin z mindes departed. 

be allo diſuulſed all bis condemned men , which be thought ſm fome purpoſen very ncede / ene be 
full fo; the voyage, and cowards night vpon F riday the one and thirtieth of pe We fet ſaile, and "ed inen dil 

t to the Seas againg. And ſayling Hozthward alongſt the Cat coatts England and Scot- 4878. 

and, the ſeutnth day of June we arriuedin Saint Magnus found in Or! ve Dlanos, called in la- Che fier arr. 
tine Orcades , and came to ancher on the Mouth five of the Bap, and this place is teckoned {rom vali ater out 
Blackwall where we ſet laile firſt leagues, a — 116 

Were aur compante going on laude, the Inbabitauts of there Aandes begame to fire 
as from the enemie, whereupon the Lieutenant willed euery man to day togither , and went 
bimlelle onto their houſes to declare what we were and the tauſe of our Comming thither, which 


— vnderſtood, after their — mauer they friendly eutreated vs and brought vn for our mos 


uch things as they had. bere our Bolofiners found a Mine of Gluer, 

N is che principal of the Alles of the Orcades , and ſtandeth in the latitude ol fiftie LL 
nine degrees and a halfe, Che countrey is much ſubiett to colde, anfwerable for ſuch acti: tO . 
mate, anv pet yeeldeth fome fruices, ind Cufficien: maintenance fo2 the people contented fo poojes 

to liue. 
* There ie plentie ynough ol Poult rey. ope of egges, filh, and ſoule. 
Fo = dead they haue Daten Cakes , ond their danke is E wes milke, and in ſome 


Cheir — dag but pooze without and fluctith PHIUG) within, and the people in nature 
thereunto e. 
3 ther ie they burne heath and turffe, the Countrey in moll parts being voide of wood. 

Cbey haue great wane of Leather, and delite our old hors, apparell, and old ropes ( before 
money) fop chet victuals, and pet are they not ignopant of the value of our coine, Che chieke , the 
totune is called Kyrway. 

Znchts Banvbatb Lene fometine talled Saint Ma 

through 


; And fometine to the Noꝛthward, ot trees vice 
With 3 fatle of Cnglith Athermen frö liel and. bound ning tn the 
Ly Se at rhe ac — England. Me tranerfed theft 8 cous 
as Up the ipace of 26 bapes without light anp land. up met wieh much opift wood, ¢ twhole fh fre 
Denies of trees, adde fatve manp montre ab e range kan, which eemen to tne art bude 
onelp 


I he Englith Voyages, Nauigations, M. Frobiſber. z. 


onely by the Dea, being there fo torre dillant from any land. At length God fauoured vs with 

mode poſperous windes, and after wee had Cay led foure dapes with good winde in the Woop, 

the fourth ol July the Mic haell being fopmo a head thot off apeece of Drvinance, and Aroke 

all her ſayles, ſuppoling that they deſcryed land, which by reafon of the thicke miſtes they could 

not make perfit : howbeit, as well our account as alſo the great alteration of the water, which 

ease bene became moze blacke and finooth, did plainely declare we were not fare off the coatt.Our Genes 

biache and Fall Cent his Maſter abooꝛd the Michaell (who hab beene with him the peeve before ) to beare in 

bert land de ve with the place to make pꝛoofe thereok, who delcryed not the land perfect but lawe ſundzy huge 

nere. Glands of pce , which we deemed to be not paſt twelue leagues from the thoze, ſoz about tenne of 

lauds ol Pee. the clocke at wight being the fourth of Julp, the weather being moze cleare, we made the land pers 

Che gqen aan fert and knew it to be Fr iſlande. And the heigth being taken here, we found our ſelues to be in 

4 el dg. the latitude of 6o degrees and a halfe, and were fallen with the Bouthermol part of ibis land. 
: Wetweene Orkney anv Frifland axe reckoned leagues. 

This Friflande theweth a ragged and high lande, hauing the mountaines almoſt coue⸗ 

red ouer with Crow alongit the coal full of dzift pce, and ſetmeth almot inacceffible, and is 

pile de? tbaught to be an Fland in béqneile not inferiour to England, and is called ot fome Authoys, 

fuer. Tel Friſlande, I thinke betauſe it lyeth moze Tiel then anp part ol Europe. It exten⸗ 

deth in latitude to the Kozthward very farre as lecmed to vs, and appeareth by a deſcription 

let out by two bꝛethꝛen Clenerians, Nicholaus anv Antonius Zeni, who being duuen off from 

Ireland with a violent tenpeſt made ſbipwꝛacke here, and were the firſt kno wen Chyiſtiaus that 

bifcoucred this land abcut two hundꝛed peares ſithente, and thep haue in their Ses cardes fet 

out euery part thereot and del ribed the condition of the inhabitants, declaring them to be as 

ciuill and religious people as we. And fox ſo much of ibis land as we haue Capled alongſt, com: 

paring their Carve with the coat, we linde it very agreeable. This coalt feemeth to haue good 

liching, fog we lying becalmed let fall a hooke without any bayte and pꝛeſently taught a great 

An gage rind liſh called a Wollibut, who ſerued the whole compante for « dapes meote, and is dangerous 

of Fibu. meate fop Curfetting, And founding about fine leagues off from the ſboze, our leade hought vp 

Waite Courant in the tallow a kinde of Coꝛrall almoſt white, and (mail Cones as bright as Chiu ali: and 

kg "itis notto be doubted but that thts land map be found very rich and beneficial if it were thpougths 

ly diſcouered, although we lawe no creature there but little birdeg. It is amaruellous thing 

to bebold of what great bigneſſe and depth ſome lands of pte be here, Come ſtuentie, ſome 

eightie fadome under water, belides that which is aboue, ſeeming Nands mope then halfe a 

i Grong mile in cirtuit. Ali chele pce are in tat freth, and feeme to be biedde in the founds eherea: 

meine fret, bouts, op infome lande necre the pole, and with the winde and tides are DpucN alongtt the 

ey abt dab. Coates, THe found none of theſe lands of pee ſalt in tale, whereby it appeareth that they 

poledto come, were not congealed of the Ocean Sta water whichis al wayes fale, but of Come landing cz lit: 

Ginn tle moouing lakes oꝛ great freth waters neere the thore , cauſed eyther bp melted lnowe from 

et rbetrofen tops of meuntameg. oz by continuall acceſle of freſh riuers from the land, and intermingiing 

dec Fön. with he Sen water, bearing pee che dominion ( by the force of ert eame krolt) may caule fome 

verinco. part of fale wete r ta treeſe fo wich it, and ſo ſeeme a little bꝛackiſh, but other wiſe the maine 

Mea kreeſeth not, and therekoze there is no Mare Glaciale op frofen Sta, as the opinion bi: 

therto hach bene. Dur Generall pꝛooued landing here twice, bur by the ſuddaine fall ol miſtes 

( whereunto this coaſt is much fublece ) he was like to looſe fight of his ſbips, and being great 

Ip endangered wich the duuing pee alongſt the coaſt, was forced aboord and faine to furteaſe 

his pretence till a better oppoptunitie might ſerue: and hauing (pent foure dapts and nightes 

fapling along tt this land, finding the coatt ſubiect to ſuch bitter tolde and continuall mites, be 

determined to ſpend no moze time therein, but to beare out bis courſe towardes the Kreightes 

called Frobifhers ttreights after the Generals name, who bring the firtt chat euer paſſed beyond 

38 degrees to the Mozthwardes, for anp thing that hath beene pet knowen of certaintie of 

New found land, otherwiſe called the ton auen: S Seme land of America, difvourzen the lalde 

ſtraights this laſt pere 1376. 

Betweene Friſland and the ſiraights we had one great ſtonne, wherein the Michaell was 

ſome what in danger, hauing her Stirrage oken , and her toppe Mates blowen ouer booꝛd, 

1e being not paſt 50 leagues ſhoꝛt of the ſiraigbts bp our account. u. robe ſuyle lay a hull, teas 

ahh teny Ting the Continuance of of the Royme, the winde being at the Mopety:at and bauing let companie 

of the Barkes in that flaw ol winde, we ymet againe the feuertcenth day of July, hauing 

i the cuenine before feene diners Blows of fleeting vee, Sheet gear tm argument thas e wets 

Graigps, nut fartefrom tans, Our Gentrall in the moꝛning from the maine cop ( the weather being rea 


Abe . 
of the 
en 


robifher.2. 


fauoured vs with 
nde in the Poop, 
ance, and flroke 
miſtes they could 
je water, Which 
oat. Dur Gene · 
loge) to beare in 
awe ſundzy huge 
oz about tenne of 
ade the land per 
ur ſelues to be in 
art of this land. 


nes almoſt coue⸗ 
acceſſible, and is 
k fome Authors, 
ope, It exten⸗ 
bp a deſcription 
I odnuen off from 
n Chiftians that 
Des cardes ſet 
ug them to be as 
ed alongſt, com: 
ieth to haue good 
caught a great 


iuen alongſt the 
amin oi 
ve ſlanding cz Lit: 
ced lnowe from 
b imermingiing 
may caufe ſome 
rwiſe the maine 
the opinion hi⸗ 
ine fail of miſtes 
and being great: 
faine to furceale 
pes and nightes 
nual miſtes, be 
es the Ervightes 
er paſſed beyond 


of certaintie of 5 ; 


out ren the Laide 


he Michael was 
wen ouer boozd, 
¢ lap a hull, tea 


AA. Frobifher 1. Traftiques,and Difcoucries, 
— ) vefevico lan , bat to be bettes alluren 


on at Ses, with alinall 
againe, 


At our arrtuall here all che 
wee ton huge quancitie of great pee,thac we though chete places 


bs te Gland of pee, 


of Mare Glaciale, and be called the Iſie Sea, 


f is N 
atheroma Halles found, 


hand, and 


S2onb foreland 
was the 


eas about 


be ent the two Barkes two concratie 
the Ayde lying off and 
marke fo) vs tomeete togithet 
we made the Mopeh Copland perfite 


Salt bearing 
re was thn vp which toed dean Eg 


Hall whense 6 

| fala kern peter uche avin eaking up decco, bewerben apatirta ie B 
: — obitne this coatt were ſo touertos· 
mige onclp deferue the name 


fopland is thought to be druded from the ton / went 


aking the Go 


the name o 
land this tat 


63 


f the ſapde Halles Aland. 


e, and come as neere the thoze as wee nugͤt 


our Generall t obfiners with hun 


ſmell lande where the Dye 


mall cet m bene wherber there were any oye thereof obe found, bur he could not Get go par gow 
Was found. Büt our men which Arden Aa. 
n 


ſought the other Flands thereabouts found them all to haue good ope of the Dre, where upo 

dur General with theſe good tidings returned aboopd about tene of the clocke at nighe, and 

las fopfullp welcommed of the company with a volie of thor, De booughe egges, foules, and a 58 9 bean 

pouty Weale abooyd, which the compane had hillen achohe » AND hautg found upon hole J. f. . r. 

lands ginnes fet to catch fodole, and ſtickts newe cut, with other things, de well perceiued that Tua ne fte 

re 2 0 shone hens of the sen — thof . aba 
Da therefoze found to eoples ac in thoſe and being in 

fic voyage well acquainted with their ſubtili and cruell bitpodcion bes ppouines wel fo . 


went on 


early, with bis beſt c 
thoze, alwell to 


barbonowe fo 
es. towardes the ſpoare with no (inal diffieultie by reaſon of the pot how 
of pce which lay along ft the coal fochicke togither that hardly any though them 


ate by 
oſe Dudley Earle 
noble mind and good countenance in this, as in all other good actin , 
ment and good fertherance. This done, we trtyet our companies 
woꝛth further N the countrey ſecnung barren and lull ok t 


e like. Mo that 
d: neither pattie 


cbmendin 


the name 


Mount Warwicke, e bulding 
of Warwick, whole ata gota, 
aue great encourages warwicxe, 
not (eetng eny thing bere 

agged mountaines and in moſt 


pani dh ob tte 
ening greatly vettcous of conference with ter ta uch cries tft che 
therewith ber rer acquainted, anſwered them 
opce, Ceipping, laugbing 
bolding vp two fingers, 


acing their weapons 
bad. Aud theylite 85 
— hep un um ten on S 
— «athe — 
grund. fo much as they went topart wieba an — 
Gould doe the like, themſc lues 


64 TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations,d. Frobifer.2, ¥ 


» OND then tf they doe the of their 
otherkuſe if — 


liercely, deſperatelp, and ti 
boates, and ing ea 5 

ſpeevily flen backe, becault 

which tere —. 


with tbe company on land, a 
phony eden bebe nr de : 


foure boutes bur; betete e Chale: ee 
eee eee de; ber epen Mariners, Richard Cox pmaitier Gunner, 
wrth 


allo by che belpe of the cler de nights which 
prefent dangers, whereat fince wee haue a 
the ppelenc oanger feared, fop chat turry man within bose 
anv wog e bad pnough to doe with his hands to bale with bis epes to looke out fo) dan · 
ger. But the would, the ceaſev, 
elpying the hips with bis new Captiue 


i boom to our , ow Oencralt 
— — — Me —— * 


— tg % ine of 
thinking ou felues in goon ecurtie, we hüten. 
our fe , 5 
danger d with a prece ol diſt yet, which Lende founds and came thwart 
— — tee at this 
ate » Ouctcame the mo 

cs — ſucha blow, that we fearen le 
ccd to cut our Cable in the hawie, we were taine to fer our fore 
and if our ſtirrage had not bene Rronger then in the pꝛeſent time 
vpon the rockes,bauing a very narrow C hannell to turne in, would, all came well to 
pule. — r lackmans ſound, after the name ol the Malter mate, who had Gill l. dunn, m 
ſikung onto ce, 

Agen a mall Ilan, within this ſoumd celled Smiches Hand ( becaule he firtt fet vp his forge ae gan, 
there) was found a Mine of liluer, but was not wonne out of the rockes wi great labour. 
Pert our golofiners made {ay of fuch Dye ap fond vpon the 
foptes chercof to holde gold in good quantitie. another 
a great Bead Ath, which as it ſhould Ceeme, had bene embaped 

— 274 1 dee Ad This home 
two pardes long growing out of . 05 „ 

1 


b his belt company of emen, 

» marched —1 t — 
continent of America) where, cumman⸗ 
aive to the enfigne, be declari d to the whole 


— — credits, 


altogii bumble thanks fo that it had pleated him 
nefle to b fuch immvinent bangers, befeecbing lihewiſe the aitanc 
ſpirite, ſo to deliurr vs in Safetic into our C , 

being knowen, it might resound to che 

uancement of our common wealth, And ſo, 


— bean a de sen 
to end U {tos 


66 TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, M. Fruliſber. 2. 


And cherefore the tweutie fie of July he departer ouer to the Roꝛtbland, with the two barkes, 
had conuenient harbo · 


leauing the Ayd — fi 
—ö tere 02 his — 
ſame night to ancker in a ſi where 


hey were therewith greatly vidreflen, 
ble gauld afunver in the batwfe with a 


kurthe 
digged, fop batt left che 

aters name of the Michaell, and named — — 
— —— —— —— bones of a dead man lay toge · 
ther, and our ¢ Captiue with vs, ¢ demanded bp Agnes whether his countreps 
dones in it men had not flaine thus —H bieee eee bones, be made fines to the contrary, 
amd that he was Haine with CCiolucs and wild beats, Here alfo was found bid under ones goon 
lich, and ſundzy other things of the inhabitants; as ſleddes, bidles, hettels of fit): 
dane and o» Limes, Knives of bone, an ſuth liber lie. And our Sauage declared vnta ve che ble of all 
ber inen Choe things. Anoeaking in his hand cne of thole coumtrep biidles, be caught one of our dogges 
— um and hampꝛed him handſomelp therein as we doe our hopes, and wich a whip in his bund, he taugbt 
Roches. the dogge tovpawr in a fled as we doe horfes in a coach, letting hunelfe thercupenlike a gude: 
Ebep bie great {0 that we might ee they vſe dogges for that pur pole that we do our hopfes, And we found fince 
dene te du bp experience, that che leſler (ort of dagges they feede latte, and keepe them as vomettis 


r tall euttell in their cents fop their eating, and the greater fort ſerue fop the vle ol dawing 
meat. their flevg, 10 


“ne bilto: 
Heced withm 
the Grates, 


% good pref. 
Bent of a 


them, 
toon . 


8 


of Warwicke, 
es, and is re; 
tes not aboue 


bulp , the Mi- 
come thither. 
e to our great 

(as it ſhoulu 
in compatie 


| M.Frobifher.2. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 67 


ee ee ait sak! ³Ü¹dN ² . ne ee .. 
hey dellle hele vennes mot filetuly with their be ally feeving,« well ſo in a plate (as we The Nurs 
ee Yolo anes ecg them they ade ad, Ger tener a people, 
ſeate, nd are (no dperſed and wandzing nation, artarians, and line in hors 
and troupes , without any certaine abode , as map appeare bp Cundpp circumſtances 9 


% oy be 

un t — 4 
» captme, athe 
„ Meaning there 


vpon the ſudden much amazed there ⸗ puture. 

5 le, as though he would reine courte⸗ 

(f be thought him no doubt a lively creature) at length be» 

mpamon, and finding hum dumb and mute, Ceemen to lute 

ildeinfull, and would witha little helpe haue growen into choller at the mat: 

b bim but a detetuing picture. And then with 

great notfe liue oz die at our 
ple e. , 

And thereupon calling the matter to his remembrance, he gaue vs plainely to vnderſtand 
ſignes chat he had knowledge of the taking of our fiue men the lat peere , and — wy 
net of ech ching, numbzedthe flue men pon bis fue fingers, unn pointed onto a boat in our thip, 
twhich was ithe vneo that wherein our men were bectaped: And when we made him fianes,chat 
they were flame and eaten, he carnettly denied, and made fignes to the contrary, 

The laſt ot July the Michael returned with the Alde to vs from the 
to anker bp vs in the Counteſſe of Warwicks found, and 
Jackmans found there 
pee anne of July, w 


efpied ore company con ming nere them they tooke their baten and batted 

away, either fo2 feare,o elle fop pollicie, todyaiu ot men / romrelcue kurther within cet . 

wherefo condruing at tbeir comming thithe r was but to lerne aduantage, followed 

Wirktbep ald woe iet bet nnen that ome men could come noting neere chem. 
not endeuour in rowing, and hauing chaled 

miles into the ſea, returned into their 6 . sai * 

Che mopning following being the fir of Auguſt, Captaine Yorke withthe Michael came ine 

to lackmans ſound, and declared vnto he came toanker 

agues biſtant from Yorkes om 


going with bis comp 
founn che people veparted,as it ſhould ſeeme, fo3 feareof their 
things which in tbele tenes they founn,t 
foes, ith bead cartaſſes and bones of bogs what. They allo bebeld (to their ghet 


dhe Englich fatbion,a dirt a gerdies cher des 2 ct egg 


Pp es fee ee 
fe: contrary fete and of sacquailt ich 


Wicht 

pone counerepmen, which Weer Pecs l peere bp thele Countrep prople, about wet an 
Ride le c hts place, further within the Sap erage era <i 
t 


WEP wei comiecturrb tu be che appartlI et our per: bees: eae 


j 
N ry 6 
— 


63 3 J 
3 yo 
= Fe 


— 


ee 


z Key 


68 TheEnglifh Voyages,Nauigations, A. Frage 


that Come of tbem might be here, and 
— behind him in waiting, with pen, ynt 
men, llt might come to their hands, might kno 
goody aie likemile recuene their anſwere. 
Youe t there allo looking 


nea af 


made towards 
be tents ol thoſe people, and ſetting Charles 


whilet the 
g at lall at the befope they 
bem with their tents remouco, 2 marched 
palling ouer two oz tipce 


ampanp and betecing 
quickly dilcried our compas 
us, and very narromulp efca. 


—.— . 
* our men there 
rep cme 


rockes into the ſea, 
carcaifes,fop they ſuppoſed 
of our men was dang rouſſy h 


ti 
woman g tockes, was our men, who 
. ough the beten 


ching witz 
the day 
company which on the other five 
tents, where they found by od letter, and other Englith furniture, that 
Euter bleh Cayenne orke vifcouered che night before , bauing remoue 
from the place where he left them. 
And now their luden flying from our 
that we had heard che 


bowlecurr f 4 
aut ned the bublet which toes foun intheir tents bab manp boles therein 


robipher.2, 


sees 
athe Lett Icke his 
captiue country: 
heir arriuall, and 
r tente ry leauing 
n by ſuch lriend · 


— testaeetonetee 


asofe a ſudden flaw of 
Which was not u lite thete Gail boten : but an God would they tame 


: A (ifely abeo)b. And wich chefe geo nelwes they rrturutt (as before mentioned the 
; of Wary 


arvricks (oun vnto be, Ans bertseene Isckrasns feunn , from 


te the Wlntines Cape, 1. 

nes Cape, 

reits of „ This — — 

in the latituve of 6 degrees and — Lead jot of em foundland, and vpon the 

F e n 
vom got —̃ —-— — 


two cap: 
Cites, and tibet 


turned together, ſothat (J 
And ſoz * 


i og 
a 
of hem both 


fo would bimteife, ercepe be had firlt caufen the woman to depart out of 
r ol their pꝛinte parts (outa be bifcoueren, ci 

of D 0 ° 
eee ery ope, eK eteant tele outers, 
Of the Pyners andthe other cbings a hore, pirchen their tente in the C 
tifpen che plate log their better better Defence as well as they 
loty perſons. when being all at labour, tbey might 
S and 
„3 

to ¢ loſſes, and 
SSS bꝛougdt away 

t ee with him 


70 TheEnglith Voyages, auigations, AI. Frobijher.2, . 


becaule the people were vary netre vnto va, tbe Lieutenant cauſed tbe Trumprt 
end Cucty man in the Aſleno renayun to che minde 
—— ins Ro energie 


umit 8 the mapne vnto 
e e — 
I thougbe the Caycatnes letter well noch ibe cmano bing. 
ous enduin fo} the ſubddance anv goed meaning thertin concaince, and 
ted here the lame, as bp hunſelft it wos battily mpiccen, — 
The forme of M. Mean Noliſbern letter to the 
[it name of God, in whom we all belecue 


foulesam iheſe Infidels,I commend me 
ou can deuiſe for your ! 


leewe you, 
Auguſt. An- 
Towrs tobe vttermoll of my power, 
Marin Brosisner, 
Thaue ſent thefe bearers, ke, and paper, to write backe vnto me againe, if 
penal you eatin aer eae , f ** 


Pot has the Oenerall altered bis beternunotion further 1 
e tistime op any unser vicoury ofthe —— — . — 


62 Prince 


fo) be hewen by : 


againe, ¢ called vato us from 
god bope to heare of bu men, and to haue on · 
themſelues 


3 
4 


hay, 
* ¥ 


71 
Which toohe vy a 
rh of pact can to a 
2 
r 5 atte, 
made a great outcrie vnio out men in the boate. to chat chep faw diurts of the Sauage crc 


bein te roche towarve out men, wpcrupon the General pefenlyeturne wiebour fg: Amar ot 
of bis men, captiues, 


comming away from them they multred themfclues in our on the pote bebt 

topof abill, to che number of twenty in arancke, all holding hands ouc r their robe sp sel 88 1 
cing with great nolſe and fongs together: we fuppoted they made thia Dance and (het for vs to . 
undcrlland, that we might take view of tbeit whole companies and force, meaning velike that 
we fhould doe che fame, And thus they continued vyon the bill tops vntill night, when hearing 
apiece of cuc great Oꝛdinance, which thundyed in the hollownelle of the bigbhules u made unto 
thems ſo fearetull ar , chat they had no great will to tarie long alter. And this was done mohe 
to make them —4 * 2 — — to doe — — anp one * 

Nn Sunday che 12 of Auguſt, Captaine Fenton trained and made the ſouldie rs 
matneaine (kirnuſh among themfelucs, as well for their — 2 Arb 
holo in what readinesour men were al waits to be found 2 v 


boates well appoiu · 
ent vp a certaine Bap 
uncrep people, who fo 

(uladvers 


the rocks to get moze aguantage of bs,a8 
our (ingle wits could not diſtoue r ſo bare de 


be better to allure our bungry 
bar ben tecuntog Crans zugeht dug 
mo 

he caſt about fop a nem craine of warm fet co procure our 

to foopety as a lame man from 

yore 

bu 
albe e within theit . 
they might baue appyebe noed (ome ol vs, to t — — 
bad tahen. Che gentlemen and (oulviers Ter but the Bee 
ntrall moze carefull by pnoceſſe of time to winne them, then wilfullp at the Ar to ſpoile ttem, 
would in no wilt admit that an aſboze, conſidering the matt et 


luurmud wich their flings, bowes 

d tame ag nere as the water ſulfted chem i and wich as belper ate 
nne » vers {ate uf Howe uf ng ging. folioinen ve all a 
SPOS IN eset Neenn eso Ue Sanger, ip bn nape lies 


72 he Engliſh Voyages,Nauigations, 1/.Frobifher.s, 
coaſt along tox and being vifperten fo, were not well co be numboev, but wee meghe dulcerne 
Zenn of them aveue an hundzeth perfons , and hap caule to fuipect a greatet number, And thus with 
thipsagaine, 
Nom our Wopke crowing to an end, and hauing one ly with fue po je Mine ra and the belpe 
ofa few gentleme n and foulpicrs, brought abo? almot two hur Heth rwone of Oze in the po. 
of twenty dayer, euery n the re withall well Comfopten, determine’ \ufclp to mopke a (ret lo 
one vopage,tobpiv: labour toa ſpeety and happy ende. 
Aud vpon lepuetoay st might being the one ano 
whole wozke. And it was no 


Feceiued hurts not alittle 
legs made lame. And abe 1 
time the pee night, which gaue ps Agood 0 
gument of the be in mind to make moze hale me ward. 1 
L — gentlemsn and ſouldic ty hett. 
bunt atton apart, with lo great wiilingneffe ann with couragtous Romackes, 
voll duct come in fo hore atime che ditficutete of this (o great a labour, Aus 
thio to he true, the matter, it it bet well weyed without further proote, now bjoug ot home Doth 
well witneſſe. 

Thurloap che 22 of Auguſd, we plucked do lune our rents » GND CURED man halter homewary, | 
And making Loncfires vpon the cop of the hig hel Mount of the Allond, 5 marching with En · 
figne oifplapco round about the Bland, wee eue a vollte of hatte fo) a farewell, in honour of 
the righhonourable Lavp Anne, Counteſſe of Warwicke, whole name it beareth : and fovepars · 
ted abooꝛd. a 

Che 23 of duguſt hauing the wind large at Alen, we fet ſaile from out of the Councetteg 
found home ward, but the wind calming we came to anker within the point ol the lame lound ae N 
Caine. . 

» Che 24 ol Auguit about chyee of the clocke in 288 hauing the wind lurge at Ciel, . 
we fet ſaile againe, ind by nine of the clocke at night, wee left rhe Queenes Fogeland alerne | 
ol vs, and being clecee of the Sereites, we bare further into the maine Ocean, keeping our courte 
moze Douthcrip,co bing our Celues the fooner vnde r the latitudt of our otwne climate, 
bn = Was very great at fea,fo that we lay a bull all night, ¢ bad {now halſe afoote de epe 
on the hatches, , 
From the 24 vntil the 28 we hav very much wind, but large, keeping our courte Douthſouth · 
eaft, and had like to haut lott the Varkes, but by gaod hap we met againe, The hetrhe being tas 
hen, we were m degrees and a halle. 
Che 29 of Augult the wind ble w much at Moptheat, fo that we could beare but one ly a bunt 
of owe fopefaile, and the Barkes were not ab ? to carp eny ſayle at all. 
Che Michael log company of vs and (hapeo ber courle towards O. kney becoufe that wap 
WAS better knowne vnto them, andarriuedat Yermouth, 
The zo of Auquit with the force of the wind, and a furge of the fea, the (Patter of the Gabriel 
te Gear ene ete Boatlwatn were rien was the Voatlwaln retouered 
dae ours keine and pet the Barke was laced toze and after with 
3 


aK 
705 


in 

force faplen, and the 

aller dꝛowned. The height be in the latitude of (6 
and a halfe, and teckoned our ſelues — — 


about midnight, we hap etn oy tinte great and luden fletwes ſtozmes. 

ember the dome was gro wen very great, and continued the wholt 

a hull to tartie to the Bathen our ip was much beaten the (eas, 

: we were conſtrained with a bunt of our to trit 

fo the Gabriel nat able ta beate any layle to heepe 

pany with vs. thin ts ehe pepe, Sd a ta pip, uh tou the wunde bud 
mow 


F robifher 2. r f f 


wee meghe Difkerne 
et, And thus weep. 


eo Dye in the ſy⸗ 
to wopke a (reth lo 


we fully ſinilbe u the 
| wearied , fo then 
es DIOR N, and the 
D hurts unt a tie 
me. And abo hig 
* go ate 
e vamewary, 
and ſouldit to heres 


we ll. in honour of 
tth : and ſo depat · 


of the Countess 
the fame ound · 


nolarge at Cle, | 
— 
ei ping ous ccurſe i 
imate, „ 
alle afoote dtex te 


tle Bouthſouth iho : 
height being ta · 


but onelp a bunt 
oc ault that way 


t of the Gabriel 


v ouered, hauing 


e and alter with 


Sy 


AA. Erobiſber. 2. Traffiques, and Difcoueries, 7 
to int, wens Co Cad —— Wwe 108 Lyvx of eer 1 
— Dea. Che lecono vay of cytembet i the tt pleafen God of bts good · 
neffe to fend vo acalme , hereby we perctnied the Ruvver of our (iy —— and al © ye mioder 


—— 


long 

Polar, but allo of all other ren Westtes. vind here the Moreh Wtarrt ia lo much 
Aus the Wopiyan , that with the Gaffe iets barvlp co bee wellobleruen, and che degrees in he ir beg 
Aarolabe ave coo (mall ta oblerue minuces, Chere oye wee attwaies view che Sratfe and the 51 in 

Wouing (pent foure op fine dapes in trauerſt ofthe { with contrary winde, waking our 
Moulcer way göjjaW necre os we could, to raile our veo t bping our (elues wih che Lacitune 
of Syiley, wer tooke rhe beige the tenth of Wehren end found our felues in he latittuds of 

De, ces an ten minutes. Che eleuenth of SMeptemver = . night the winde 


ithe Wind TCletfourh weil, en being in the beigbt ol S/ y. and we kept our courte C add, to 
Ran with the lieeue op chanel lo callen, veing our narrow (cas, and tt cot d bs Noy ol Sylley 
twelut 


bev 1 61 favome POUND, and rechonod vs bpon the bache Bf yl. 
. — 
0 n * 0 ar 
dome oley (and and thought our ſelues ihwat Georges channcli a little within the banks, 
And bearing a Cnrall Caile all nige, we Made manp Coundings, which were about foptie favomne, 


we founded and bad forty fadome, and wire not farre off the 
Jans cnd,inoing bpanded Cand with (mall wormes and Cockle (elles , and were bott betwene 


in Cotne wall. But riding there a very dangerous roade, we —— countrey, tu put the eb. 
was but 


peril her Cerne. 

Wess we roade : Whereupon We piped along the channell to get to Londy,from whence we were 

feet — . ——— N — u comming 
A i 

fae th ein ago borage vs bappy men, thas we had veceiued luch Cann 


one moneth after our arriuall bert, bp onder trom the Lopdsof the Counſtll, the dip 
came upto Briftow where the Dre was committer eo keeping in che Celtel bert, Ou te we foun, Itecerg e- 
the Gebrielove ofthe Borhesrreuae es Caterie — 82 — 
16 


(ufficient to Lying home the ſbip, alter Mater was fortune , 
ana e de ee ene te eee e. 5 ne 
—— aloof the arriuail of the other Barke called the Michael, in the erg ur che 
Hontb parts, WAS not & little tapfal bura us, that i: plealeD Boo (0 to bping vs to a lat mer. Baht. 
Siro ̃ — —ę—⅜ . tp one man 
dn t tamt adoc 30, n dellrous to fellow enterpziſe, 
re iherein ten not to be one to attempt fo notable a vopage, 2 aa, 


* 


74 The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, AM. Frobiſber.3. 
The third voyage of Captaine Frobifher, pretended for the dif. 


couerie of Catala, by Meta Incognita, Anno Do. I 578, 


He Generall being returned from the ſecond voyage, immediately after his are 
riuall in England,vepaired with all batt to the Court being then at Windſore, 

* 4 7 to apuereiſe her Mateſtie of his pꝛolperous pꝛoceeding, and good ſucceſſe in this 
s 2 laſt voyage, ꝑ of the plenty of gold Dre, with other matters ok impoztante which 
5 16 he had in theſe Septentrionalt parts diſcouered. tbe was courteoutlp enterteps 

' ned, and hartily welcommed of many noble men, but efpecially fo; his great ade 

MFrobiher ed. uenture. cammended of her Maieſtie, at whole hands he reteiued great thankes, and moſt graci⸗ 
“panne, der ous countenance, according to his delerts Ver Wigbnelde allo greatly commended the rett ok the 
Gentlemen in this leruite, oz their great ko: wardnes in this lo dangerous an attempt: but efpe. 

Epe Sentie · Ciallp ſhe tefopcen very much, that among them there was fo good oz der of gouernement lo good 
men commen: agreement, euerp man fo ready in his calling, to do whatfocucr the General chould comand, which 
ded. due commendation gratiouſſp of her Matellie remembꝛen, gaue ſo great encouragement to all 
the Captaines and Gentlemen, chat they, to continue her ighnelle fo good and honourable o« 

pinion of them, haue fince neither {pared labour, limme, noʒ like, to bing this matter ( fo well bee 

gun) to a happie and pꝛoſperous ende. And finding that the matter of the golde Oze had appear 

Kumimoners rance q made thew okgreat riches & profit, e the hope of the pallage to Cataya, by this laſt vopage 
cramine the greatly inctealed, her Maieſtie appointed {peciall Commislioners cholen fop this purpole, gele- 
goobuedeof men ok great iudgement, art, and Rill, to looke choo tly into the caule, for the true iriall and due 
Won, eraminakion thereof and fop the full handlung of all matters therunto appertaining, And becaule 
au name amen chat place and countrey hath neuer heretofoze becne diſcouered, and therefoze had no ſpeciall 
bültcutrtd. name, by which it might be called and knowen, her Maieſtie named it very properly Meta Incog- 
nita, as à marke and bound vtterlp hitherto vnknowen. The commiflioners after Cufficiene 

triall and pꝛooke made of the Oze, and hauing vnderſtood by lundzie reafons , and ſubſtantiall 
grounds, the pollibilitie and likelyhoodok the pallage,anuertilen her higbneſſt, that the caule was 

ok impoꝛtance, and the voyage greatly wozthp to be aduanced againe. Cibereupon pꝛeparation 

was made of (hips and all other things netellarp, with luch expedition, as the time of the peere 

then required. And becauſe it was alluredly made accompt of, that the tommoditie of Mines, 

there already diſcouered, would at the leaſt counteruaile in all reſpects the aduenturers charge, 

Chehove or, and gine kurcher hope e likelyhood of greater matters to follow: it was thought needfull, both for 
Cyn? che better guard of chole parts alreadp found, and foꝛ further dilcouery ok the Auland and ferrets 
ok thole countreys, æ allo fop further ſearch of the pallageto Cataya(wherrof the hope continually 

moze x mode increaſeth) that certaine numbers of chofenfouldiers and dilcreet men fo2 thole pure 

dung zur poles ſhould be alligned to inhabite there. LUhereupon there was a trong fort oz boule af tim 
Tocogana, "ber, artificially fcameo,ecunningly veuiten by anotable learned man bere at home, inſbips ta be 
taried thit her, wherby thoſe men that were appointen to winter ¢ Map there che whole pere, might 

al well bee defended from the danger of the {not and cold apze, as alfofoptifien from the fozte 

oꝛ offence of chofe countrep people, which perhaps otherwile with too great muleituves might 

opprefle them, And to this great aduenture and notable exploit many well minded and foʒwad 

pong Gentlemen of our countrep willingly haue offered themſelues. And fir Captaine Fenton 

Lieutenant generall for Captaine Frobiſher, and in charge of the company with him there, Cap⸗ 

taine Beſt, and Captaine Filpot, onto whoſe good diſtretions the gouernment ol that ſeruice was 
chieflycommended, who, as men not regarding peril in reſpec of the profit and common wealth of 

their countrex, were willing to abide the fire brunt g aduenture of thofe bangers among a lauage 

and Hutiſh kinde ok people, in a place hitherto euer thought foz extreme cold not habitabie. The 

SS eee whole number of men which had offered, and were appointed to inhabite Meta Incognita all the 
2 n tupabite pere, were one bundzeth per long, toberof 40 fhoulo be mariners fo? the vle of hips, 30 Minerg 
there. fo2 gathering the gold Dae together fo2 che next pere, and 30 foulviers fop the better guard of the 
reſt, within which lat number are included the Gentlemen, Golofiners, Bakers,Carpenters, ¢ 

ali neceffary perfons, Co each of che Captatnes was alligned one ſhip, alwel oz the kurther Care 

ching ofthe coat ¢ countrey there, as for to returne ¢ bring backe their companies againe, if che 

neceflity of the place fo vꝛged oz by mifcarping of the fleet che next pere,thep might be dilappoin · 

ted of their further 1 therforechus furniſhed withal ner ellaries there were ready 

N to depart vpon the laid vopage 15 Caile of good ſhips, wherofthe whole number was to returne a 
ie gain wich their loving of gold Oꝛe in the end of the fommer.ercene ehole z ſhips, which ſbould be 
lekt lo the vie of thole Captains whlch ſhould inhabite there the whole pere. Auußeing in ſo good 


A. 
retdine 
take th 
tious co 
the Ger 
leaue, a 


direction, 
followeth, 


Atti 


biſßer. z. 


oc the diſ. 


y after his ars 
at Windſore, 
ſucceſſe in this 
cance which 
uflp enterteps 
his great abe 
w moſt graci 
the reſt ok the 


(ſo well bes 
2ebad appear 
s laſt vopage 
pole, genile · 
rial and due 
And becauſe 
d no ſpeciall 
Meta Incog- 
er ſufficient 
ſubſtantiall 
he caule was 
pꝛeparation 
ok the peere 
ie of ines, 
ners charge, 
ull, both for 
and fecrets 
continually 
oz thoſe pure 
anette 
n ſhips to be 
pere, might 
um thefozce 
tubes might 
and forwad 
ine Fenton 
there, Cap⸗ 
ſeruice was 
u wealth of 
ng a ſauage 
able. The 
gnita all the 
30 Miners 


o returne as 


. 


D —. 0 
M. Frobiſber. z. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 


stooke their 


The names of the ſhips with their ſeuerall Captaines, 


1 pooh (Aide being amal, was the Ge: Brobither, 
2 In the Thomas Allen Uiteadmirall Yorke, 
3 Jnthe Iudith Lieutenant generall Fenton, 
4 nthe Anne Francis Bett. 
An the Hopewell Carew. 
6 In the Beare as 1 5 
n the J homas of Ipfwic ö Tanfield. 
3 z rs Emmanuel er Captaine Cou tney, 
9 In the Francis of Foy Moy!«:., 
10 Inthe Moone Vpco : 
11 In the Emmanuel of Bridgewater Newton. 
12 An th Salomon of Weymouth Randal. 
13 In the Barke Dennis Kendal. 
14 In the Gabriel ! Haruey. 
15 In the Michael J Kinnerfley, 
The lapd fifccene faite of hipserriuen and met together at Harwich, the ſeuen and twentieth 
bayof May Anno 1578, where the Generall and the other Captaines made view, and muſtred 


their companies. And euerp ſeuerall Captaine receiued fromthe Generall gertaine Articles ot 


direction, loz the better keeping of oꝛder and company together in the way, which Articles are as 
followeth, 


Articles and orders to be obſerued for the Fleete, fet downe b 


Captaine Frobiſher General, and delivered in writing to euerp Cap- 
taine,as well for keeping company, as for the courfe,the 37 of May, : 


1 INprimis, to baniſh Cwearing dice, and card. playing, and filthy communication, and to ferue 
Govewice a day, with the ozdinarp ſeruice vluall in Churches of England, and to cleare the 

glafle,accopving to the old oder of England. 
2 The Admiral ſhall carie the light after his light be once put out, no man to goe a head ok 
but euery man to fit his lailes to follow as nere as they may, without endangering one an⸗ 


0 

3 That no man ſhall by day 02 by night depart further from the Admirall them the diſtance 
of one Englich mile, and as nere as they may, without danger one of another. 

4. Ak it chance to grow thicke, and the wind contrary, either by day op by night, that the Ans 
mirall be f. cep to catt about, before her calting about thee hall glue warning, by ſhootingoff a 
peece, and co her ſhall anſwere the Uiceadmirall and the Rereadmirall each ok them with a piece, 
gell tag v gte. oy ina fogge and that the Aiceadmirall (hall anſwere irl, and the Rereadmi⸗ 
vall laf, 


5 That no man in the Fleete deſcrying any laple 02 Caples, give vpon anp occalion any 
chace before he haue {poken with the Admiral. 5 
That euerp euening all the Fleete come bp and ſpeake with the Admirall, at ſeuen ol the 
Clocke, oꝛ betweene that and eight, and the weather will not ſerue them al to ſpeake with 
the Admiral, then Come ſhall come to the Uiceadmirall, and receiue the ozter of their courſe of 
Maſter Hall chiefe Pilot af the Fleete, as he ſhall direct them. 
7 Atom man in the Fleete there bappen any miſchance, they thal pꝛeſently ſhoote off two 
peeces by na, and if it be by night, two peeces, and ſhew two lights. a 
8 Ikanp man in the Fleete come vp in the night,¢ bale his fellow, Knowing him not, he ait 
giue him this warch-· word, Before the world was God. The other thal unſwere him (if he be one 
of our Fette) After God came Chrift his Sonne. Do that if any be found amongſt vs, not of our 
G2 


owne 


and gra⸗ A chaine of 
zand greater pꝛomiles, bellowed on Mb 


25 


— 
Bt 


owne company, he that firt delcrieth any (uch faple oz Caples, ſhall glue warning to the Admirall 
by himſeike 02 any other that he can {peake to, that Cailes better then he, being neereſt onto him. 

9 Tut euer ſhip in the fleece in the time ol fogs, which continually bappen with little winde, 
and mot part calmes, (ball keepe a realonable noife with trumpet, dumme, oꝛ otherwile, to keene 
themlelues cleere one of another. 

10 Iit fall out lo thicke o; miſtie that we lay it to hull, the Admiral thal! giue warning with 
apiece, and putting out thꝛee lights one ouer another, to the end that euerp man map take in his 
lailes, and at his ſetting of layles againe doe the like, if it be not cleere. 

11 Ik anp man diſcouer land by night, that he giue the like warning, that he doth fox mifchane 
ces. two lights, and two pieces, if it be by day one piece, anv put out his flagge and ſtrike all his 
lailes he hath abooꝛd. 

12 FEanp chip thall happen to lole company by force ok weather, then any luchſhip oꝛ chips 
ſhall get her into the latitude ok and ſo keepe that latitude vntil they get Friſland. And after 
they be palt the Melt parts of Friſland, thep (hall get them intothe latitude of a0 „and 
not to the ꝛozthward ok z and being once entred within cye Streites, al ſuch thips thal eue · 
ry watch ſhaote off a good piece · and lookẽ out well fo fmoke and fire which thole that ger in lirſt 
Hall make euery night, vntill all the fleete be come together. 

13 Chat vpon the Light of an Enligne in the matt of the Admirall (apiece being thot off) the 
whole fleete (hall repaire tothe Admiral, to vnderſtand fuch conf e ence as the Generallis to haue 
with them. 

14 If we chance to meete with any enemies, that foure ſhips hall attend vponth e Admirall, 
biz. the Francis of Foy, the Moone, the Barke Dennis, and ihe Gabriel: and foure vpon my 
Lieutenant generall in the Iudith, viz. che Hopewel, the Armenal. the Beare, and the Salomon: 
and the other foure vpon the Gizadmirall the Anne Francis, the Thomas ot Ipſwich, the Emma- 
nuel, and the Michael. 

15 Ik there happen any viſoꝛdꝛed perſon in the Fleete, that he be taken and kept in fafe cuſto · 
die vntill he may conueniently be bꝛougl t aboozd the Admirall, and there to receiue ſuch puniſh⸗ 
ment as his oz their offences ſhall delerue. 

By me lartin Frobifter. 


Our departure from England. 


Hane receiuen theſe articles o direction we departed rom clarwich the one and thirtieth 
ol Map. And ſoyling along the South part of England Caleſtward, we at length ca ne by 
Cape Clearethe Che Coa of Ireland at Cape Clzare tye firth of June, and gaue chale thereto a (mall bar hz which 
ſirtof Zune, was luppoſed to bea Pprat, o Rouet on the Seas, but ic fell out invecde that they were poore 
men of Briftow, who had met with ſuch companp of Frenchmen as had ſpoiled and flaine many 
ok them, and left the reſtlo fore wounded that they were like to periih in the lea, hauing neither 
hand no? koote hole to helpe themlelues with, noz victuals to ſuſtaine their hungry bodies. Dur 
Generall, who well underſtood the office of a Souldier and an Engliſhman, and knew well 
Weharitable wohat the neceſſitie ol the ſea meaneih, pitving much the milerie of the pooze men, relieued them 
. wich Surgerie and falues to heale their hurtes, and with meate and dpinke to comfort theit pi⸗ 
ning hearts; lome of them hauing neither eaten nop dzunke moze then ollues and ſtinking wa⸗ 
ter in many Daves bekoze, as they repoꝛted. And after this good veede done, hauing alarge wind, 
we kept our courſe vpon our loyd voyage without taping foꝛ the taking in ok fret) water, oꝛ any 
other pꝛouiſion, whereof many of the fleete were not throughly kurniched: - yling towards 
Harke his the Nozthweſt parts from Ireland, we mette with a great current from au e Southweſt, 
current, which caried vs (by our reckoning) one point to the Noztheaſtwards of our 10 Coutfe, which 
current ſeemed to vs to continue it lelke towards Norway, and other the Noztt ; alt parts of che 
wonld, whereby we may be induced to beleeue, that this is the fame which the Portugals meete 
at Capo de buona Speranza, where friking ouer from thente to the Streites of Magellan, 
and finding no pallage there foz the narrowneſle of the lapde Streites, runneth along into the 
great Bap ol Mexico, where alſo hauing a let of land, it is foꝛced to l rike backe againe towards 
the Moꝛtheaſt, as we not onelp bere, but in another prace alſo, further to the Noꝛthwarde, by goon 
experience this peere haue found, as ſhalbe hereafter in his place moze at large declaren. 
Nom had we ſapled about foureteene dapes, without fight of any land, oz any other liuing 
thing, except certaine foules, as Milmots, Movies, Gulles c. which there teme onelp to liue 
lea. : E 


Thetwentieth of Aune, at two or the clocke in the moꝛning, the General delcried land, sag 


— — — — —— 
76 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, M. Frobiſſer. a. 


Bat 
bs | 
oe 15 
ae 


it to be 
ethoye,! 
ground 
the Qu 
certaine 


Meta Inc 
boates, an 
of pce, whi 
bay, which 

And har 
the thꝛee ar 
the laſt that 
wee bare e 
much) dz:uii 
ble vnto vs, 


The ſocot 
in with the la 
what wichin 
ouer from the 
ok pte, choked 
02 Sea heren 
dance of pee g 

thefe yce to be 


ser. 
e Admiral 
vnto him. 

ittle winde, 
lle, to keepr 


ning with 
take in his 


bs miſchan⸗ 
rike all his 


itp 02 Chips 
And after 
w „m 
ps thal eue · 
ger in Girt 


hot off) the 
listo haue 


Admirall, 
e vpon mp 
Salomon: 
be Emma- 


fafe cult · 
teh punich⸗ 


dthirtieth 
th cone by 
bz which 
exe poore 
ine many 
ng neither 
ies. Dur 
new well 
eued them 
ze their pte 
aking wa⸗ 
rge wind, 
er, oꝛ any 
towards 
outhwelk, 
ſe, which 
atts of the 
als meete 
Magellan, 
ig into the 
towards 
„ by good 


her lining 
elp to liue 


N 


the Duc 


certaine little boates of chat countrep, 
people of that countrep, which we 
ap Up their apparell, and other things w 


rings, booꝛo 
it apneareth, that they haue trade with 
all wozkemen. 


tb themonely two ofthetr nage. Leaning in recompente belles loo⸗ 


Some are of opinion, that this 
Meta Incognita, 
boates, and other thin 
of pce, which lay 


wee bare Southerlyt 
much dy uing pee, th 
vs. 


ble buco 


pofes, 


This fame day the Salamander 
& great bale with ber full temme, mich ſuch a blow that the 
thet forward nop backward. The Whale 
bis bodh and taile, and ſo went onder. water 
a great Whale dead ſwim 
mander ſtrooke. 


7 


a ( 


M. Frobiſßer. 3. Traffi 


it to be eit Friſland, nem named weſt En 
eſhode, being the firt knowen C 


enes Maleſtie, anvv‘{coucren here a 


The ſocond day of July early in the 


in with the land all 


. ehen furt 
t arta: fo this 6 
0 may 


4 


ming aboue water 


eing looted, doe emptie t 
together. 


On hunday the lat of June , wee met bith many 


Incognita, doth argue, 


ques, and Difcoueries, 


lands together. 


5 nion of the frozen 
rather a bare coniꝛctute ol men, ehen . 


dame. And alſo all theſe afoꝛelayd pte, 
being gathered one of the {512 Dea, are in taũte few, and 
doleſome water, f 


which we ſomet 


Gz 


ed from thence tows 


not thinke 


mopning we bad fight of the Queevtrs Fozcland and bare 
the dap, and paſſing shops 


which by che beate of the 


into the fea, and lo garher 


bathmade experiente of 


And 


that on the Nozthlide there is a 


being under both her coates an bonets, happened coffrike u nepeie 
ip Goo 
thereat mane a great and 


being fr Frobithers 

mountaines, and bawde arse * 

that this palſage pce, 

it 8 vnto vs bpshe abun⸗ 
ut I doe rather ſuppoſe 

frechets thereabouts: 

bemnfelues with che ebbes 


1. 


78 The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, II. Frobiſber. z. 
—ͤ — — amie di Sghindh it hte 


Am the caule why this pere we haue bene moze combzev with pre then at other times befope, 
may be by reaſon of che C aſteriy e Doutherip winda, which brought vs moze timely thither now 
then we looked for, Nhich blowing from the fea directly vpon the place ol our Streits, hath 
kept in the yce, and not luffered them to be caried out by the ebbe to the maine ſea, where they 
woulv m more hope time haue bene dillalued. And all thele fleeting pee are not only fo dangerous 
in that they wind and gather ſo nette together, that a man may pate ſometimes cenne 02 twelue 
miles as it were vpon one firme Illand of ce: hut alſo for that they open and ſhut together a⸗ 
gaine in luch fore with the tides and lea· gate, that whileſt one ſhip followerh che other with 
Cull Caples, the pee which was open vnto the foremof will ioyne and clofe together before the 
lutter can come to follow the üirſt, whereby many times our thippes were brought into great 
danger, as being not able lo lodainelp to take in our faples, 0p Ray the wilt way of our 
thips. fads 

Me were forced many times to Cemme and trike great rockes of pce, and ſo as it were 
make wap though migbty mountaines. By which meanes ſome of the fleece, where thep found 
the pee to open, entred in, and palled ſo karre within the danger thereof, wich continual defire to 
recouer their pore, that it was the greateſt wonder of the wozld that they euer elcaper ſale, oz 
were euer heard ok againe. For euen at this pꝛeſent we milled two of the fleete, that is, the Iu- 
dich, wherein was the Lieutenant generall E aptaine Fenton; and the Michael, whom both we 
ſuppoſed had bene vtterly lot, having not heard anp tidings of them in moe then 20 dayes befone, 
Merle Denn: And one of our fleete named the Barke Dennis, being of an hunt ꝛeth tunne burden » {ceking 
funke. way in amonglſt thefe pre, receiued fuch a blow with a rocke of pce that the funke downe theres 

with in the light of the whole fleece, Howbeit hauing ſignilled her danger by ſhoot ing off a peece 
of great Dpdinance, new Cuccour of other ſhiys came fo readily vnto them, that the men were 
all ſaued with boats. 
Part ore . Within this ſulp that was dꝛownev there was parcell of our bouſe which was to bee erected 
bouſe lol. koz them chat ſhould ap all che winter in Meta Incognita. 

? This was amore fearefull (pectacte fo the #lecte to bebolde, fo that the outragious forme 
which prefentlp follower, threatnenehem che like koztune and danger. Foz the Flecte being 
thus compalled (as afopelapd) oncueryſide with pre, bauing left much behinde them, tha⸗ 
rom which they palled, and finding moze before them, thoꝛom which it was not polſible to 
pale: thete acole a ſupden terrible tempeſt at the Southeatk, which blowing from the maine fea, 
directly vpon the place of the Streites, bꝛought together all the yee a ſea - booꝛde of vs byon 
dur backes, and thereby debard vs ofturning backe to recouer lea · roome againe: ſothat bes 
ing thut tompaſſed with danger on tuery ſide, ſund p men with ſund w deuiles fougte the beſt 
way to fane themfelues, Some ofthe ſhips, where they could ind a place moje cleare of pce, 
and ger a little birth or lea roome, did take ntheir faples; and there lap a dzift. Other ſome fas 
ſcened e moped Anker vpon a great Bano ol Pee. and runde under the Lee therof, ſuppoling to be 
better guarded thereby from the outragious winds, and the danger of the leller fleeting pce, And 
againe ſome were fo fat (hut vp, and compallen in amongſt an infinite number of great countreps 
and 9 ffandg of pce, tbat they were faine tu ſubmit themlelues and their ſhips to the mercy of the 
bumercifull pte, and ſtrengthenev the fines of their Chips with iunckes of cables, beds, Paſtes, 
plankꝛes and fuch like, which being hanged ouer booꝛdonthe fines o their thips, might the bets 

rr defend them fromthe outragiots ſ way and frokes ofthe fain pee, But as in greateſt dillreſſe, 


is moge) it is faithtully and plainely to bee proouen , and that by many ſub ſtantiall witneſles, 
that dur (hips, euen thole ol greateſt burdens with the meeting ok contrary waues of the fea, 
were heaued by hetmeene Ularne of pre, a foore welneere out of ths lea aboue their * 

auing 


* 
ae 
7 
1 

5 

Sy 
7 = 
t ay 
Boe 


tion, co 
kurne as 
Sea-re 
beating 
that nor 
by the u 
owne l. 
kneeling 
but befo 
thele ext: 
watched 
his eyes 
the nert 
dꝛiue Fao; 
they wer 
their greg 
the ſides o 
lings; 2 
leakes, fc 
auouch, th 
dence deli 


and being de 
weſtwards t 
Che caule u 

ere we: 
Warwicke: 
perteſt Mari 
taken in their 
mer experien 


80 The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, AZ. Frobifher.3, 


courie of flood then beloye time they bad obferued. And truly it was wonderfull to beare and 
lee the ruſhing and noiſe that the tives do make in tbis place with ſo violent a fote that our thips 
iping a bull were turned fometimes round about euern in a moment after the maner of a whirle. 
Bun and the noyſe of the ſtreame no leſle to be heard a fare off, then the waterfall of London 
Bzidge. 


But whites che Fleete lay thus voubefull among great age of pce in a place they knew not 
without fight of Sunne, whereby to take the height, and ſ to know the true elewation of the pole, 
aud without any cleere of fight tomake perfite the coat, the General with the Captaines ¢ gpa: 
Rers of his chips, began Deubefully to quetionof the Matter, and ſent his Pinmeſſe abooyn to 

lames nene a heate each opinion, and ſpertallp of Ianres Beare, (Patter of the Anne Francis, who wag 
Goad armer. pnowen to be a ſufficient and Ceilful Pariner,and hauing bene there the pere before, had tel obs 
ſerued the place, and daawen out Cardes of the coat. Bur the rather this matter grew the moe 
Chriftopher Hall doubtfull, fox that Chriftopher Hall chiefe Plot of the bopage, Deliuerey a plaine and publique 
Cbufe Writ. opinion in che bearing of the whole Fleece, that hee bad neuer ſeine the foreLapd coatt before, 
and that he could not make it fo2 anpplace of Frobiſhers Streits » 48 ſome of the Fleete lup⸗ 
poſed, and pet the landes doe lie and trend ſo like » Chat the bet Mariners therein map bee de: 


Thetenthof Zulp, the weather Mill continuing thicke and darke, fome ofthe thips in the 
kogge lott fight of the Admiral and the reſt of the flerte, and wandzing to and fro, with doubtfull 
opinion whether it were bell to ſeeke backe againe te ſeawatd thꝛougb great ſioze oł pce, 03 to 
follow on a doubt full courte in a Ora, Bap, o; Otreites they knew Not, & along a coaſt, whereof 
by reaſonof the darke miſtes they could not dilcerne the bangers,if by chance any rockt oz byoken 
ground ſhoulo lie off the place, as common in theſe parts it doth, a 

The Uiceatmirall Captaine Yorke tonſidering the fopefapo opintonof the Pplot Hall » who 
was with him inthe Thomas Allen. hzuing lott fight of the Fleete, turned backe tofea agatue, 
hauing two other (htpsin company with hum. a J 

Alſothe Captaine of the. ane Francis hauing like wiſe loſt company of the Fleete; aud being 
all alone, held it foꝛ beſt to turne it out to (ea agatne, vntill th migbt haue cleere weather to take 

the Suunes altitude, and with incredible paine and pertli get out of the daubtfull place, tuto the 
open Sea againe, being ſo narrow diſtreſſid by the twap, by meanes ok continuall fogge any 
pce, that they were many times ready tolecpe non an Aland af pte to aunide the ppeſent danger, 
and ſo hoping to prolong life awhile meant rather ta die apining destb. i 
ard lire o Dome hoped to laue themſeluen on chettes and dome termined to tie the Hatches of the 
h, dip togithet, and to binde themfelues with their furnigure falt thereunto end foto be towen 
f with che chip. bote athoe, which otherwile tould not eeceiue halle of the companie, by which 
meanes ik happily they bad arriutb, they ſbould epsher haue perithed for lacke of foone to 
kate, or elle Gould themſelues haue beene eaten of choſe rauenous, bloodie, and Men- eating 
people. ‘ 
he The reſtok the Flecte following the courte of the Generali which led them the way, paſſed 
ee Sand“ ppaboue tie leagues within the aide poubsfull and fuppolen ſtraigbes, hauing alwapes a 
land co leagues faire continent vpon their arreboogve five, and a continuance fill of an open Sea befoze 


Sittaken The Generall albett with the lirſt perchance be found out the erro? , and that this was nos 

fr the olde ſtraights, pet he perl waded the Fleete alwapes that they were in their right courte, 

be and Anowenſbraigbts. Powbeit Aluppoſe be ratber dillembled bis opinion therein thcn other 

dran. mile, meaning by that policie (being himtelfe ler with an bonourable deſire of further diſcoue⸗ 

rie) to indute the Fleete to follow him, to ſee a further poofe of that place, And as lomt of the 

Companie repozted, he hath ſinte tonfelled that if it had not bene fox the charge and care he had al 

: the Fleete anv fravgrhten ſhips, he both would and tould haue NA Douth Sea, 

Parag od called Mardel Sur. and vilſolued the long doubt of the paflage which we to ſind to the rich 
Cotaia, councrcy of Cataya. 


gue open firme our opinion to like and hope well ol the palſage in this plate. #02 the foqeſaio Bay op Sea, 

And where in other places we were much trouble d with pce, as in the entrance of the lame ſo af: 

— pa tere aolaplen fie op Ai leagues ren te ban wo le of pce, i dr thing at al af 
e found, 

2 Allo this plate feeme e SAS Os CN 


05 


A Satya ee 
es aaah Keeler Mee F.... 


N 


ni dia 


e 


M 
Dut 
fame, 


3 
which 
as bef 
in the 
ther by 
not be 
farre tl 
by the! 

contrar 
And 
place nt 
top whe 
euery ti 
it not fo 
ginne be 
rail cour 
ger ber 
nature a 
owne ſw 
{Pore 
with cor 
into fom 
hereabou 
and reflec 
which i it 
fing by ar 
the woꝛld 
there ener 
pailing th. 
of Groen 
the fame, 
5 And 
that is, if 
rlors, then 
len, and ſo 
6 But 
ted the retu 
be thereabr 
paſſage ats 
we may ret 
could get fo 
rent to dece 
we were bz 
Our mei 
their ſtarboc 
row Frobift 
Some of 
being 60 lea 
hereof we co 
fruitfull and 
Guls, Miln 
than any ath: 
Gentleman o 
tc. with chof 
countrep pee 
twentie perlt 


robifher.3. 


ull to beare am 
e that our thips 
act of a whirle. 
fall of London 


they knew not 
ton ol the pole, 
iptaines c a- 
nelle aboopd to 
ncis, Who wag 
e, had wel ob ⸗ 


e hips in the 
vith doubtfull 
rok pte, 02 to 
oaſt, whereof 
cke oz bjoken 


ot Hall, who 
o ſea againe, 


te and being 
ather to take 


{ent danger, 


itches of the 
to be towed 
e, by which 
0. foode to 
Hen. eating 


cea 


rate. 3 
5 


eee 


3 


A. Frobiſßer. z. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 


dit pee, and other things which doe ficete in the Sea, 
und, 


81 


either to the jAorth 02 Caſtwards of the iat it 
3 Foy bete alſo we met with boozdes, lathes, and diuers other things dꝛiuin 1 


in the mouth of Frobiſhers ſtraights, which could by no meanes haue bene fob 
ther by winde nop tyde, being lott fo many leagues off, if bp force of the fi 


contrarie. 


And ſome Mariners doe affirme that they haue diligently obſerued, that there runneth in this 
kn mue houres flood to thzee ebbe, which map thus come to patle by force of the layd current: „KA 
02 whereas the Dea in molt plates of the world, doth more on leſſe oꝛdinaril 
euery twelue houres with fire houres ebbe, and xe houres flood, fo allo would it doe there, were 
it not foꝛ the violence of this haſtning current, which forceth the flood to make appearance to be⸗ 
ginne before his oꝛdinary time one houre and a halfe, and alſo to continue longer than his natu: 
rail courſe by an other houre and a halfe, vntill the force of the ebbe be fo great that it will no lon: 
ger be reliſted: according to the faping, Naturam expellas furca licet,vique recurrit, Although 
nature and naturall courfes be forcen and refitted neuer ſo much, pet at laſt (Dep will haue their 
owne ſwap againe. 

Poreouer it is not poſſible that Co great tourſe of floods and current, fo high lwelling tideg 
with continuance of fo deepe waters , can be digeſted here with 
into fome open Sea beyond this place, which argueth the more like lihood of the pallage to be 
bereabouts, Allo we luppoſe thele great indꝛafts doe growe and are made b 
and reflection ok that ſame current, which at our comming by Ireland, met and croſſed vs, of 
which i iche fit part of this diſcourſe J ſpake, which comming from the bay of M 
fing by and waſhingthe Southweſt parts of Ireland, reboundeth ouer to the Noꝛtheaſſ parts of 
the wozld, as Norway, Iſland, t. where not finding any pallage to an open Sea, but rat 
there encrealed by a new accelle, and another current meeting with it from the Scyth 
pailing the bay ol Saint Nicholas Meſtward, it doth once againe rebound backe, by t 
of Groenland, and from thence vpon Frobiſhers ſtraights being to the Douthweltwarves of 
the fame, 

5 And ik that principle of Philoſopie be true, that Inferiora corpora reguntur à ſuperioribus, 

that is, ik inferiour bodies be gouerned, ruled, and caried after the mana r and courſe of the ſupe⸗ bbe hg 

rioꝛs, then the water being an inkerioꝛ Element, mut needes be Souerned after the ſuperio hea- Salt to wer 

uen and ſo follow the courte of Primum mobile from Catt to Hert, . 
6 But euerp man that hath written o2 conſider. d anp thing of this paſſage, hath moze doub⸗ muthonttie. 

ted the returne by the lame wap by reaſon of a great downekall ok water, which they imagine to 

be thereabouts ( which we alſo by experience partly find ) than any miſtruſt they haue of the fame 

paſſage at all. Fo; we find (as it were) a great downefal in this place, but pet not luch but that 

we may returne, although withmuch a doe. Foz we were eaſlier carried in one houre then we 

coulb get forth againe in hee. Allo by another experience at another time, we found this cur⸗ 

kent to Decciue vs in this ſoꝛt: That wheras we ſuppoled it to be 15 leagues off, and Iping a hull, Bard b butt pet 


Our men that lapled furthett in the fame miſtaken ſtraights (hauing the maine n vpen aun 


hereof we could make no part perfect thereof, All the ferefatd tract of land feemeth to be more 
fruitful and better foxed of Graſſe, Deere, CHiloe foule, as Bartridges, Larkes, Seamewes, 
Guls, Milmots, Falcons and Tallel gentils, Ravens, Beares, ares, Forts, and other things, 
than any other part we haut pet dilcouered 24nd is more populous, And here Luke Ward, a 
Gentleman of the companie, traded marchandile, and did exchange kniues, bels, looking glaſles, aratiaue. 
tet. with thofe cauntrey people, who brought him foule, fich, beares ikinnes,and (uch like, as their 
countrep peeldeth foꝛ the lame. Pere allo they law of thofe greater boats ol the countrey, with 


Nom 


ot an 


82 TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, IJ. Frobiſber. z. 


Mow after the Generall had beſtowed theſe many dapes herr, not without many bangers, he 
returned backe againe. And by the wap fapling alongtt this coat (being the backelide of the 
ſuppoſed continent of America ) and the Queenes Foreland, he perceiued a great found to goe 
thozow into Frobithers Rraights, ICihereupon he lent the Gabriel the one and twentieth of Ju. 
Neturne out of lp, to prooue whether they might goe thoꝛow and meete againe with him in the ſtraights, which 
Maigbts““ they bio: and as wee imagined befoze , fo the Queenes foreland pꝛooued an Hand, as I thinke 

mold of ehefe ſuppoled continents will. And fo he departed towardes the ſtraights, thinking it 
were high time now to recouer his Poꝛt, and to prouive the Fleete of their lading, whereof he 
was not a little carefull, as ſhall by the pꝛoteſſe and his refolute attempts appeare. And in his ree 
turne with the ret of the fleete he was lo intangled by reafon of the darke ogge among a num: 
ber of Mands and bꝛoken ground that lpe off this toaſt, that many of the ſhippes came ouer the 
top of rockes, which pꝛeſently after they might perceiue to lie dꝛy, hauing not halfe a foote wa: 
ter moze then Come ok their Hips did draw, And by reaſon they could not with a ſmal wale of wind 
ſtemme the force of the flood, whereby to goe cleere off the rockes, they were faine to let an anker 
fall with two bent of Cable togither, at an hundzed and odde kadome depth, where other wilc they 
had bene by the force of the tydes caried byon the rockes againe, and periſhed: ſo that it God in 
theſe fortunes (as amercifull gulde, beyond the erpectation ok man) had not carried bs thoꝛo w, 
we had ſurely periſhed amint theſe dangers. Foz being many times dꝛiuen hard abooꝛd the there 
without any fight of land, vntill we were ready to make ſhipwzacke thereon, being forced com: 
monly with our boats to found before our ſhips, leaſt we might light thereon bekoze we could dif: 
cerne the lame; it pleaſed God ta giue vs a eleare of Dunne and light for a Cort time to lee and 
auopde thereby the danger, hauing bene continually darke before , and pꝛeſently after, Manie 
times alfo by meanes of fogge and currents being dꝛiuen neere vpon the coaſt, God lent vs euen 
at the very pinch one pꝛoſperous breath of winde oz other, whereby to double the land, and aut id 
the perill, and when that we were all without hope of helpe, euerp man recommending him⸗ 
now Loꝛd looke Downe from heauen 
euen then the mightie maker of hea⸗ 
uen, and our mercifull God did deliuer vs: fo that they who haue bene partakera of theſe dangers 
doe euen in their ſoules conkeſſe, that God euen by miracle bath ſought to laue them, whole name 
be pꝛapſed euermoze. 
Long time now the Anne Francis had layne beating off and on all alone before the Queenes 
fore land, not being able to recouer their Wort foꝛ pee, albeit many times they dangeroully ate 
„ tempted it, for pet the pce choaked vp the paſſage, and would not futfer them to enter. And hauing 
eee neuer Ceene any of the fleete ſince twenty dapes palt, when by realon or the chicke miſtes they 
of the flerte. were ſeuered in the miſtaken ſtraighis, they did new this pꝛeſent 23 of July duerthwart a place in 
the ſtraights called Hattons Hedland, where they met with ſeuen ſhips ok pF teere againe, which 
good hap did not onely reioyce them ko themſelues, in refpect of the comkozt which they reteiued 
by ſuch good companie, but eſpeciallp that by this meanes they were put out of doubt of their 
deare friends, whole fafeties long time they did not a little Cufpect and keare. 

At their meeting they haled the Admirall after the maner ol the Sea and with great top wel 

commed one another with a thundzing volly of thot, And now Cuery man declared at large the 


Great date 
gers. 


And vpon the ſeuen and twentieth of July, the thip of Bridgewater got out of the pce and met 
with the Fleete which lap off and on vnder Hattons Hedland, They repozted of their maruel⸗ 
lous activents and dangers , declaring their thip to be ſo leake that they mutt of necellitie ſeeke 
barboꝛow, hauing their ſtem ſo beaten within their huddings, that they had much adoe to keepe 
themfelues aboue water. They had (as they (ap) fixe hundzeth ſtrokes at the pump in leſle then 
balfea watch, being ſrarte two houres; their men being lo Oulet- wearied therewith, and with 
the former angers that they deſired helpe ol men krom the other his. Pozeouer they a 

that 


Se Se pea 


3 


had in h 


Jlandes 
thing leti 
pearcd, 
Inihe 
to do, bei 
foutheatt, 
CHiber 
fo2 his on 
and fo farr 


told aire, th 
ropes and fa 
fo wet thor 
fcarce one bj 
ting of the p 
on? diſcour 
perlwading! 
fonablea se 
And pet n 
beate among 
colde aire fro 
dainely with 
haue luch a be 
Howe 0) bote. 
dainelp a new 
In this fo 
{clues able to 
plyed out to th. 
hazard the com: 


Aud being v 


obiſher. z. 


A. Foliſßer. 3. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


8 
wel dete 3 
inp Dangers, he that there was nothing but pee and danger where they hap bene, and that the ataigbes within 
ackeſide of the ere lrozen vp, and that it was the mot impoſſible thing of the wo ld, to paſſe vy vnto the Couns ee Grete 
at found to goe tteſſe of Warwicks ſound, which was the place of our Port, foxen ousr, 
wenticth of Tus Che report of thefevangers bp theſe thips thus publiheoamonga the flecte, with the remem: 
raighes, which Hance of the perils paſt, and tole preten: before their face, bought no mall 
d, as I thinke 5 to the hearts of many conſiderate men. o that ſome beganne Hiuilp to m 
a, thinking it HOepnerall for this wilfull maner ol pꝛocetding. Dome defiren to diſcouer f 
ig, whereok he abouts to refreſh themſelues and refopme their broken vellels for a while, vntill the Nopth and 
And in his re: : opthwett windes might diſperſe the pte, and make the place mone free to paſſe. Other ſome 
Monga a num: forgetting themſelues, ſpake moze bubutifullp in this bebalfe, faping: that they bad as leeue be 
came ouer the bungen when they came dome, as without hope of lafetie to ſeeke to paſſe, and foto perith a 
fe a foote wa⸗ mongi the pee, 
al gale of wind : The Gene rall not opening bis cares to the petuiſh paſſion ol any Puate perſon, bur chtelly re⸗ 
to let an anker ſuetting the actompliſhment of the caute be had vndertaken ( wherein the chiele reputation and 
ther wiſe they ame of a Generall and Captaine conliſteth) and calling to Femembpance the thor time be *batiane 
that if God in bad in hand io prouioe ſo great number of hips their loading, determined Probie, > 
ed vs thoꝛow, top ale and recouer his Podt, op elle there to butie himlelle with his attempt. 
10020 the There 1 Notwichſtanding ſomewhat to appeate the feeble paffions of the fearefuller 
g fozced tom better to entertaine time fo) a ſeaſon, whilell the pee might the better be diſſo 
we could dif: the Fleece with veleefe that he would put them into harbozow: thereupon while ¢ 
ime to ſee and up off and on under Hattons Hedland, he fought to goe in with bis ſpinnefles 
lter. Manie Alandes there, as though hee meant to fearch key hat bozowe, where indeede 
ent vs euen thing lee, but rather foughe tf any Dre might be found in that place, as by the ſequele aps 
nd, and au rin earc d. 
tending hin f In the meane time whileſt the Fleete laythus doubtfull without any certaine reſolut ion 
krom heauen do do, being hard abooꝛd the lee-thope, there arole a ſodaine and tertible tempeſt at the South 
taker of he- foutheatt, whereby the pee began maruellouſlp to gather about vs. 
heſe dangers 4 lhereupon tuery man, as in ſuch cafe of txtremitie het ought bet , fought the 
whole name F for hisotwne fafetp, Che moſt part of the Fleete which were further thot vp within 
mund ſo farre to the lecward, as that they could not double the land, following 
be Queenes . Obenerall » Who led them the way, cooke in their Daples, and layde it a bul git the 
gerouſiy at 7 fo paſſed ouer the fo and had no extremitie at all, but foꝛ a ſbopt time in t 
And hauin a place, 
miſtes 5 90 Dowheit the other ſhips which piped out to DSesward, hab an extrem 
ta place in ſeaſon. And the nature ol the plate is ſuch, that it is ſubiett diuerſip to diuers win 
gaine, which | —« eo the ſundʒy tuation of the great Alps and mountaines there, euery mountaine c 
bep reretued ] Lal bla, and pirrie, after the maner of a Leuant. 
ubt ok their 5 In this ſtozme being the ire and twentieth ol Tul, there fell fo much Chow, with fuch bitter 
celuld aire, ue io none ie * 3 for the fame, No2 open our e 
eat iop wel⸗ © =: Lopes and layles, the ſnom be ng aboue halle a bote berge byon the hatches of our thi noi in 
t large the io wet thoꝛom our Pooye Pariners clothen, that bee that han fiue op fire thifts 3 
ſccarre one die thꝛeed to bis backe, which kind of wet and coldneſle, togither with 
much adoe ring ol the poore men amiddeſt the pce, bꝛed no ſmall lickueſſe among che fleete 
re (to their what bifcouraged ſome of the pace men, who bad not experience of the like bef 
the Uisans 5 [dato himſelle that the winter there mutt needes be extreme, where they fo unſea· Ertreme wins 
water was : biea Sommer. 8 


1 aum pet nociwithitanding this cota alte, the Summe 
lp diſtreſ⸗ 15 


ir maruel⸗ diainely a new blow cold againe. 
litie ſeke In this Rope the Anne Francis the Moone, and the Thomas of Ipfwich, who found them: 
e to keepe (lelues able to bold it bp with a ſaile, and could double about the Cape of the Queenes foreland, 
Nettle hen Plpedout to the Speatwarn, holding it la better polirie and laketie to ſeeke Se 
and with the continuance sf the Tozine,the danger of the ce, and the lee. ſhoare. 
pdeclareb Ano being bucertane at this time of che @enceale price 

that 


Great heat in 

MANY times hath a maruellous fo OF Meta incognita, 

beate among tt chote Mountaines , inſomuch that when there is no wpeth of winde to bata tbe 
nthe backe | — Lolde aire from the dilperſer Bee upon bs, me ſhall be wearie of the bloming heate and then lo⸗ 
their cam. diannely with a perry of winde which commet ne from the hollowneſle of the hilles 
baue luch a beth of heate bꝛoughe vpon our! ces ag though we were entred within ſo 


Hall wneontang 
te and met foue oy bote. houle, and when the fitt of che pirrx and blaſt is pat, we hall haue the 


me bath: weather. 


geacher. 


Ehe aduen · 
tures of Caps 
taine Fenton 
and bis coins 
panie, 


deuiſe new 
arts aud re⸗ 
medies. 


Hard hhifte, 


84 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, NJ. Frobifher.3. 


fo darke that they could not difcerne one another, nop perceive which wap he wought, betooke 
themfelues to this tourſe fo; beſt and fafett, 

The General, votwithRanving che great Ropme,fotiowing his own fopmer teſolunon, ſougbt 
bp all meanes poſſible, by a thorter wap to tetouer bis Wope, and where he ſam the pre neuer (o 
litele open, he gate in at one gappe anv out at another, and ſo himfelfe led the way tho · 
rom before to induce the F lecte to follow after, and with incredible patne and perill at length gat 


The 2 through the pce, and vpon the one and thirtieth of Gulp cecouered his long withen Wore after mas 
tecorer 
port, 


Hp attempts and (undyp tunes being put backe, and came to anker in che of Warwicks 
ſound, in the entrance whereof, when he thought all perill paſt, he encountred a great Nland of 
pce which gaue the Ayde ſuch a blow, bauing a little before waped her anker a cocke bill, that it 
kroke the aitker flouke though the hips bowes vnder the water, which cate fo great aleake, 
that with much avoe they preferued the (hip from finking, 

At their arviuall here they perceiued two thips at anker within the harboꝛougb, whereat 
began much to maruell and greatly to reioyce, oz thole they knew to be the Michael, 
was the Lieutenant general Captaine Fenton, and the mall Barke called the Gabriel, who ſo 
lung time were millülg, and neuer heard of befope, whom euerp man made the laſt reckoning, 
neuer to heare of againe. 

ere euery man greatly reiopted of their happie meeting, and welcommed one another after 
the Dea manner with their great Ozoinance, and when each partie had ꝛipped vp their ſundzy for. 
tunes and periſs paſt, they highly pꝛayſed God, and altogither vpon their knees gaue bim due, 


pases Woltal humble and hearty thankes , and Maiſter Woltall a learned man » Appointed by her Waieties 


Councell to be their Mmiſfer and Preacher made vnto them a godly ſermon e xhozting them 
eſpeciallx to be thanke full to God fo2 their drange and miraculous de liuerance in thoſe fo dan 
gerous places, and putting them in mind of the vncettalnetie ol mans life willed them to make 
themſelues alwapes reavie as reſolute men to entoy and accept thankefully whatſoeuer aduen⸗ 
ture his diuine Pꝛouidence ſhould appoint. This maifter Wolfall being well ſeated and ſetled 
at home in hisowne Countrep, with a good and large liuing , bauing a good honeſt woman to 
wife and very cowardly childzen, being of good reputation among the bell, refuted not to take in 
hand this painefull voyage, for the one ly care he had to laue foules , and to reforme thole Inſidels 
ikit were poſſible to Chpittiancie sand allo partly foꝛ the great deſite he had that this notable voy · 
age ſo well begunne, might be brought to perfection: and therefore be was contented to tap 
there the whole peare ik octalion had lerued being in euery neceſlarp action as forward as the res 
ſoluteſt men of all. CLiberefore in this beballe be may rightlp be called a true Paz and miniſter 
of Gods wozd, which forthe profite of his locke ſpared not to venture his owne life, 

But to returne againe to C aptaine Fentons Company , and to ſpeabe ſome what of their dan⸗ 
gers ( albeit they be more then by writing can be expꝛeſled) they reported that from the night 
ok the Girt ſkoꝛme which was about the lirſt dap of July vntill ſeuen apes before the Generals 
artiuall, which was the fire and twentich of the ſame, they neuer ſaw any one dap 02 houre, wher⸗ 
in they were not troubled with continuall danger and keare of death, and were twentie dayes al · 
moſt togither fad amongſt the pee, Chey had their Hip ſtricken though and through on both 
fives, their falle ſtemme bogne quite away, and could goe from their (hips in ſome places bpon 
the pce very many miles, and might ealily haue patlen from one Jland of pce to another euen to 


cautery meno the (hore, ind if God bad not wonderfully pouided fop them and their necellitie, and time ban 


not made them moze cunning and wifeco ſeeke ſtrange remedies fo? ſtrange kindes of bangers, 
it had bene impollidle fo them euer to haue efcaped: for among other deuiles, wherefoeucr they 
kound any Jlano ot pee of greater bignelle then the reſt (as there be ſome of more then halfe a 
mile compaſſe about, and almoſt fozty fadome bigh) they commonly coueted to retouer the 
ſame, and thereof to make a bulwarke fox their defence, whereon hauing mozen anker, they 
toad vnder the lee therok koꝛ a time, being therbp garded from the danger of the leller dziuing pee, 
But when they mutt needes forgoe this new found fort by meanes of other pre, which at length 
would vndermine and tompalle them round about , and when that by heauing of the billow they 
were there with like to be bzuſed in pecces, they vled to make fatt che ſhippe vnto the moſt firme 
and hꝛoap peece of pce they could find , and binding ber nofe kalt thereunto, would fill all their 
foples whereon the winde hauing great power , would force foꝛ ward the ſhip, and lo the ſhippe 
bearing before her the yee, x lo one pte oping ko ward another, (hould at length get {cope ¢ fea- 
roome. And hauing by this meanes at length put their enemiesto flight, they occupped the cleare 
place fo a prettiefeaton among ſundꝛy mountaines and Alpes of pce, One there was found bp 
meaſure to be 65 fadome aboue water, ich for a kind ofſimilieude was called Salomons poꝛch. 
Dome 


. 


at ne ee ee 


sit eatin el a 


i Nat $a es 


atly at h 
them foo | 
und findin 
bee obſer 
Foꝛzt and 
handling 
ieſtie and. 
and Gent l 


The ſecont 
diſtreſſed ſoꝛe 
whole Fleece 
that is, the 1 
whole abſence 
Ohippes wer: 
habitation, 

The ninth o 
and began to co 


obifber.3. 


ugbt, betooke 


eat aleake, 


ael 1 — 
brie! , who fo 
q reckoning, 


Another after 
pit funny lo · 
ue him due, 
er Maieſties 
hozting them 
thole fo pans 
hem to make 
deuer aduen⸗ 
d and ſetled 
ſt woman to 
lot to take in 
ofe Inſidels 
notable voy · 
ented to fap 
rd as the res 
and miniſter 


of their pan- 
mnt the nighe 
e Generals 


aces vpon 
ber euen to 


Dome thinke thole Alands eighe times ſo much onder water ag they are aboue, 


pon the * {eas 40. mples from my land, without any Sh / 


» Which vſe to Ipe and lleepe 
this pce melting aboue at the Coppe by reflection of the Hunne » Came doe 
fich vntting kogether, made a Prete Byooke able to dziue a Pil 
Capta n Fecoucren bis Pozt tenne dayes before any man, and {pene 


layth) barren, ag the Other parts which ag et we haue entren 
ouiſton went fo l 3 
dapes after, ir the Fleece hap not then arriued. 
uall in the Counteſles found, ſpent no time in va 
be chiefe Captaines of his Councell together, and conlulted with 
ution of Cush things as then chey had in hand. As fi 

be inert to be occupped on, Then to gi 
ompanp v4 tore, And laſtlp, ta conſider fop th 


e peere. Foz the beiter 
other like impoztant cauſes ta this ſeruice it w 1 


Che Generall after his arri 
atly at his ſirũ landing called t 
them for the ſpeedier exec 


that the General thouty call vnco him certaine of 
c and determine 


whole are as here they follow, ol all otcurrents in this letuice, 
names ‘ 


Captaine Fenton. 


Captaine Carew, 
Captaine Yorke, é ; 
Captaine Beſſ. 


And in ea tauſes to haue ag 
ver good Pilots, and ſuffl pi 
appointed Notarie, to regitter the e maner of proceeding in Caitaives , thatt 
0 t be made. it pleaſed her Paieſite to * Fon Fre elation 
2 Captaine by oꝛder, from the Generall and bis couuccl 


Alſiſtanta, Chriftopher Hall and CharlesTa 
cient Pariners,whereot the 2 chlele lot of the cig 


ol 
found of C c 
8 ang eurer be 
kime, whilett the Mariners plped their wopke, the Captaineg ſought out new 
inc * Dye, the Mariners me their 5 the 
a r infertou 
e (mall tyme of that little leaſure that was len tu 5 eee 


Che (econo of August 
diſtreſſed ft e with Dee, 
02 444 


bippes were furntthen 
habitation, 5 


e 


85 


becaule of their 
ange Wonders , men walking, rune 


PRE Strange won 
4 hundzed dere. 


th Rivers running ampg the fait Wea 


I, 


diſcoueren about 
Alllage no; likelihoode 


cant with them, that they had determined to res 
ine, but immedl 
tf, ſoz ſearching 
ue good Oz ders to 
e erecting vp of the 


as O2Deined from her Pa; 
the chiefe Captaines 


Captaine Philpot. 


ekman, being both 


page, and 


ce ot our habi etward, aller Selman was 


l, was come 


Doers by the General and his councell, appoynted to 
thert. 


p, and bonettip encour, 


x 


mm) 


86 ‘The Englith Voyages,Nauigations, / Frobifher.3. 


to inhabite there the whole peere, and that pꝛeſently the Maſons and Tarpenters might goe in 
Hanne there with. Fick therefore they perufen the Bils of lading , what cuerp man receiued 
into his Ohtpne, and found that there was arriued onelp the Ealllide, and the Sourhlive of the 
hauſe, and pet not that perfect and entier: for manp pieces thereof were vled for fenders in 
many Oh ppes, and ſo bꝛoken in pieces whitest they were viſtreſled in the vte. Allo after due 
examination had, and true account taken, there was found want of dzinke and fuel to ſerue one 
An bundied hundzeth men, which was the niunber appopneen lirſt to inhabite there, becauſe their greaten ſloze 
tebcounbanee, was in the Sbippes which were not pet arriued. Eben Captaine Fenton fceing the Icarcitie 


Conſuſtation 
kot inbab ung 
Meta incognita. 


The Anne Francis, fince thee was parted fromthe Fleete, in the lat ſtozme before ſpoken 
of, could neuer recouer aboue fine leagues within the ſtreights, the winde being ſometime cons 
trarp, and moſt times the Dee compatiing them round about. And from that time » being about 
the leuen and twentlethof Yulp,they cculd neither heare no haue ſight ok any of the Fleete, vntil 
che 3. ol Augutt, when they deſcryed a fale neere vnto Mount Oxford, with whom when thep 
had ſpoken, they could vnderſtand no newes of any of the Fleete at all. And thie was the Tho. 
mas of Ipſy ich, who had lapne beating off and on at Sea with very fowle weather, and 
contrarp windes, euer ſince that opt ſayd forme, without light of anp man. They kept come 
pany not long together, but were fozced to looſe one another agate, the Moone being coufore 
alwayes with the Anne Francis, and keeping very good companp piped vp together into the 

reigbts, with great deſite ta recouer their long wilhed Pozt: and they attempted as often, and 
palſed as karre as polſible the winde, eather, ¢ pce gaue them leaue, which commonly they found 
verp contrarp, Foz when the weather was cleare and without logge, then commonly the winde 
was contrary. And when it was eyther Eaſterlyoz Soucherly, which would ſerue their turnes, 
then had they ſo great afogge and darke miſte there with, that eyther they could not dilcerne way 
thoꝛow the pee, oz els the pee lap ſothicke together, that ie was impollible fo2 them to palle. And 
on the other foe, when it was calme, the Eydes had force to bing the pee fo ſuddenſy about 
them, that common 


Mow confivering the coutinuall dangers and contraries, and the little feature that they had 
left to tarie in thefe partes, beſides that euery night the ropes of their Dbippes were fo fro 
zen, that aman could not handle them without 1 handes, together with the great doubt 
they had of che Fleetes lakety, thinkin it an impollibiliti 

well oz chat they Caw themlelues, as 09 that they heard bythe £67 N 


Senet and  Pranicis to enter ttitocantinetation Loittychem of thefe matters. GGiberetoge € aptaine Tanfield of 
tilt. 


his 


his ma 
cauſes. 
ged. J 
mer da 
much, 
that che 
fortunes 
refreth ¢ 
But. 
thereabo 
of Nocke 
the Ice, r 
abouts, ar 
to much t 
mouth ant 
gaine pet 
like ſhape 
pour ſound 
02 Hollow: 
Depth: ant 
thetoppe ef 
Another 
freezing vp 
ter which re 
and on at S 
kroſts to be ſ 


Firſt concert 
grow in anp 
needes) and 
lof, oz whet 
was to bee the 
an argument 
any danger, 
ſpoken of him 
and knowe the 
Binniſle of fiue 
and vnmade vp 
they could finde 
ther it were poll 
alter, and mig 
oz not. 

But notwitht 
dicted to put int 
thereunto, As ft 
to be to good pu 
and fore bꝛuſed w 
diſtreſſed with for 
theyce: for about 
harboꝛough. 

It was likely g 
behoouefull for chi 
02 ine thereabo 
dious in this place, 
in che ſtraights, bet 
be pellered with pe 
the Fleete, Pine, 


obijſber. z. 


s might goe in 
y man receiued 
outhlide of the 
for fenders in 
Alſo after due 
el to ſerue one 
r greater fore 
g the ſcarcitie 
ere with firtie 
, and deman⸗ 
They requis 
D but fire and 
D upon, and res 
» And theres 
‘contents, fo 
rs. 
before ſpoken 
ometime cons 
being about 
Fleete, vntil 
m when they 
as the I ho- 
eather, and 
v kept com 
eing couſozt 
her into the 
as often, and 
ip thep found 
ly the winde 
heir turues, 
ilcerne way 
palſe. And 
denly about 
o carpthem 


t, they had 
But being 
e miRaken 
meanes ul 
now, And 
ok the other 
eporten, bp 
uld haue gis 
troubles. 
ok the pee, 
ne Francis 


fides ſtro⸗ 
at they had 


ere ſo fro⸗ 
eat doubt 
1 t, ag 
Shippes 
nz They 
together, 
tie Anne 
anfield of 
one, with 

his 


AA. Frobiſber. 3. 


bis maſter lohn Lakes came aboozde the Anne 
cauſes. And being aſſembled together in the C 
ged. Foꝛ the fearefuller fort of Mariners bein 
mer N bien to returne hometwar 
much, who had giuen them fo Many warnings, and delineren t 1 
that they rather deſired to lole wages, — iuered them from fo wonderkull bangers: 
fortunes, Againe, their Ships were fo leabe, 
rekreſh the other, they mutt of neceflitie fecke i 
But on the other fine it was argued agai 
thereabouts, was but to ſubiect themſe lues 
of Rockes in t 


Tratfiques and Difcoueries, 87 


| e the dangerg. 
being full of bils, dales, and tagged Rocks, 


fiftie, 
depth: and before the nert calf, per you tall be able to heaue vour lead agat etc 
5 uh se pe fame aggtouno 12 pour beter confution 

Nother reafon aga nf going to arboꝛou b was, that 
en ofthe ath 6 cup 90 1 750 uy the colve ayze pip threaten a ſudden 
ter which remapnen within their thippes, nd therefore it ſhould i 
and on at Sea, then foz lacke of winde to bz beets . be mage ate to Lido 
krolts to be hut vp the whole peere, 


e Debating o b 
ee 50 is Ssh caules on both 


gh they muſt w 
ber were living oꝛ 
ſound, (as tt 


Dee put his company in 
Pinniſſe of ue tunne burthen, le wil b bnd toe i wich mage 7. — . — 
peere, the 
' Cogether, bee offered himlelfe to moor 6 
ther it were pollible fo2 any Boate to paſſe for pce, Nen the See mage te nn 
piped and might allo thereby giue true notice, if 
02 no 


But notwithlkanding, foꝛ that he well perceiued that the mo 


1 pare of bis company 
dicted to put into harbo zou bee was willi 
thereunto. pen de ber ing the rather fo thete cauf mew) 


0 
e, then to hazard their vncertaine ſafeties amongũ 
bon let the Fleece then boubefullp queſtianing of 
It was likely alſo, that they mi ht linde Come fitte harboꝛo i 
behoouefull ko tbem againſt another time mete 1 


It mas not llkewile impollible to linde . De 
55 f 


ete, ihe come to pale chat here they ce 

Mine, on conuenie might 

5 nt harbozough, any ak ehefe tte would ferue e 5 6 4 
H 2 


is 3 
— — —— — 


88 


Beftes bleſſing. 


Anne Francis in 
danger. 


The Moene in 
barboyougy. 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, M. Frobifher.. 


and giue ſome hope and comfort vnto their companies, which now were altogether comforts 
leſſe. But ik that all fortune ſhould fall out fo contrarp, that they could neyther rerouer their 
Bozt, nop any of theſe aforefapde helpes, that pet thep would not depart the Coat, as long as it 
was pollible fog ihem to tary there, but would lye off and on at Sea athwart the place, Theres 
foꝛe his finall cone iuſion was let downe thus, Fitſt, that the Thomas of Ipſwich andthe Moone 
ſhould confort and keepe company together cavefullp with the Anne Francis, as neere ap they 
could, and as true Engliſhmen and faithful friends, Mould ſupply one anothers want in all foz· 
tunes and dangers. In the mozning following, euerp Ohippe to lend off his Boate with a ſuffi⸗ 
client Pylot, to learch out and ſound the harbozoughs for the fafe bringing in of their Ohippes. 
And beeing arrived in harbozough, where they might linde ronuentent place fo the purpole, 
thep refolucd koozthwith to topne and ſette together the Pinnelle, wherewithal the Caps 
taine of the Anne Francis might, accopbing to his kozmer determination, diſcouer vp into the 
ſtreights. 

after thefe determinations thus let downe, the Thomas of Ipſu ich the night Following loft 
Company of the other Sohippes, and afterward ſhaped a contrary courte home ward, which fell 
out as it manifettp appeared, very much againſt their Captaine Waker Tanfieldes minde, as 
by due examination before the L oꝛdes of her Maieſties moll honourable pꝛiuie Countell it bath 
fince bene pꝛooued, to the great vilcredite ok the pilot Cox, who {pecially perſuaded his coms 
pany againſt the opinion of his ſayd Captaine, to returne honie. 

And as the Captaine of the Anne Francis doeth witneſle, even at their conference togither, 
Captaine Tanfield tolde him, that he did not a little ſuſpect the ſayd Pilot Cox, faping that he 
bad opinion inthe man neither of honeſt ductie, manhoode, no conſtancie. Motwithſtanding the 
ſapde Ohippes departure, the Captaine of the Anne Francis being delirdus to put in execution 
bis former refolutions, went vnthhis Sbhippeboate (being accompanied alſo with the Moones 
Shiffe ) to pꝛooue amongſt the Mlanvs which lpe vnder Hattons Hedland, if anp conuenient 
harboꝛough, oz any knowledge of the Flecte, oy any good Ope were there to be found. The 
Ohippes lping off and on at Sea the while vnder Saple, fearching thꝛough many ſounds, they 
lawe them all full ol many dangers and bꝛoken ground: pet one there was, which feemen 
an indifferent place to harbozough in, and which thep vid berp diligently ſound ouer, and {ears 
ched againe. 

Pere the layde Captaine found a great blacke Bland, whereunto hee had good liking, and 
cercifping the company theresf, they were ſomewhat comfozted, and with the good hope of his 
woꝛdes rowed cheerefully vnto the place: where when they arriued, they kound luch plentie of 
blacke Dye of che lame fore which was bꝛoughe into England this laſt peere, that if the good⸗ 
neſſe might ancwere the great plentie thereof, it was to be thought that it might reaſonably 
{uffice all the golde- gluttons of the world, This Band the Captaine fox cauſe of his good 
hap, called after his owne name, Beſtes bleſſing, and with theſe good tydings returning abooꝛd 
his Ohip the ninth ol Auguſt about tenne ol the clocke at night, hee was ioyfully welcommed of 
his company, who befoze were diſcomkozted, and Greatly expected ſome better foztune at hig 
bandes. 

The nert dap being che tenth of Augun the weather reaſonably faxe, they put into the force 
layde Parborough , hauing their Boate foꝛ their better lecuritie lounding bekoze their hippe. 
But koꝛ all the care and diligence that could bee taken in founding the Channel ouer and ouer 
againe, the Anne Francis came aground vpon a (uncken Nocke within the Harborough, and 
lay thereon moze then halke dyye öntill the nert flood, when by Gads Almigbty pꝛouidente, 
contrary almoſ to all expectation, they tame afloat againe being forcen all chat time to vn⸗ 
derſette their Sbippe with their mayne Parde, which otherwile was likely to ouerfet and put 
thereby in danger the whole company, They hav aboue two thouland ſtrones together at the 

Humpe, befoze they could make their Shippe free of the water againe, ſo fore thee was bzuled 
by lying vpon the Rockes. Che Moone cane ſafelp. and roade at ancho by the Anne Francis, 
whole heipe in their necellitie thep could not well haue mitten, 

ow whilet che Mariners were romaging their Obippes, and mending that which was 
amiffe, the Miners followed their labour for getting together of fuficient quantitie of Dye, and 
the Carpenters indeuoured to doe their bell forthe making vp ofthe Boate 02 Pinneſle: which 
to hing to palſe, chep wanted two ſpetiall and molt netellarie things, that is, certaine pꝛin⸗ 
cipall tymbert that are called Rnees, which are the chiekelt ſtrength of any Boate, and alfa 
naples, yer: withall to iopne the piancks together. Tibereupon hauing by chance a Smyth ae 
mongu them, ( anv pet vnfurniped of his netellarp tooles to wozke and make naples N 

a they 


part of 
of Ch 
fones, 
The 
white B 
And he . 
Chee 
tatne Bet 
tended, ſ 
ter that ſ 
hundꝛeth 
lacked for 
Chele 
TUhcreup 
foꝛeſeci in 
followed h 
the Malt. 
impoꝛted h 
ſes of wei 
whercok ih 
tary hame, 
ny ftones, 
the inne 
heede takin 
hereupon th 
ring himſel 
ners to follo 
And vpor 
cote of the N 
victuals and 
an hn in a g 
withall, they 
helpe of mans 
got vnto the | 
like wiſe alan 
coaſt along, 1 
meanes th: py 
as they could. 
away, and dyiu 
And being ſ 
Roꝛther Hore 
ſudden flame 
and broken gro 
of Warwicks { 
bp bp $e Coun 
in token that C 
ſound. and mad 
perceiued che in 


obifher.2. 


ether comforts 
r recouer their 
lt, as long as it 
plate. Chere⸗ 
indthe Moone 
neere as they 
want in all foz⸗ 
te with a ſuffi⸗ 
heir Shippes, 
2 the purpole, 
hall the Cap⸗ 
uer bp into the 


kollowing Loft 
d, which fell 
des minde, as 
ountell it bath 
ed his coms 


ence togither, 
faying that he 
thanding the 
ut in execution 
th the Moones 
iy conuenient 
found. The 
p ſounds, they 
which ſeemed 
ter, and {ears 


d liking, and 
od hope of his 
uch plentie of 
t ik the good⸗ 
ht reaſonably 
e of his good 
thing abooꝛd 
elcommed of 
ogtune at his 


into the fozes 
heir Sbippe, 
Duet and ouer 
oough, and 
v pꝛouidente, 
time to vn⸗ 
erſet and put 
rether at the 
was bzuſed 
nne Francis, 


it which was 
‘of Dye, and 
nelle: which 
rtaine pꝛin⸗ 
te, and alſo 
a Smyth ae 
les withall) 

then 


Ee Se ee ee ee eee 
8 oat eRe el ata . 


ny ſlones. 


the Pinneſſe were ſuffi 
heede taking 
hereupon the 


The ſcuenteent 
white Brare, which 
And he ſe 


the Malter and 
impoꝛted him in j 
ſes of weight, 
whercof hep had no aſſurance 
taty home, 


ring himſelfe vnto his Captatne 
ners to follow the attempt. 


And vpon the nine 


like wiſe alo 


perceiued che 


ſinake ol a lire under 


Pariners of bet ludger 
is credite to ſeeke oui 
as otherwiſe to mak 


thereunto amongſt the pee, 
Pakers mate of the Anne 


igt che Souther ſh 
helpe of mans labour with Dares, and 
got bn to the fartheſt and 


all, and alfo to oc 
And fo lackv of ii 
ongs, grydiron 
Zuſt the Capea 


h ok Ati gutt the Captaineg 
aduentured and gaue 
tued them foꝛ good meate 

The eighreenth of 
taine Bett deternined to 


= 
D 
8 
8 
2 
8 
S 
— 
2 
2 
2 
= 
8 
2 
8 
S 
2 
oS 
2 
— 
. 
S 
ba 
8 
Ej 


the placepertect trom ibecoppeof 


e due eramin 
but bygelſe of th 
not knowing the goodnelle (hereof, might be as mi 
And cherefore hee vefiren them to deliver their 
clent for him ſo to aduenture in 02 no. 

and the foule weather 
Franci, called IohnG 
intbisaduenture and ſeruice, 


with cher 


Jerous fo, their ſmall boates. And b 


of Auguſt they 
whereol they diuerliy 
H 3 


sand Difcoueries, 


ie chamber tomakean Anuile to worke vpon, and to ws 
CUpy two ſmall beilo wes in tteave of 


lumne 02 Croft 
ot blacke Dre, 


companies ch 
a ferce aſſault bpon twentie 
manp dapes, 


Augut the Pinnelle wich much adoe bein 


ea pickarxe in fe 


or all the ſtreight 


the l 
of ſtone, in take 


ſuyde Cay 
de Was pre 
and ſpecially the Carpen 


tre with him ok ſome cau⸗ 
he goodnelle okthe Dye, 
the other: which fo ta 


ich as tf they ſhould bzing fo mae 
plaine andgoneg opinion, whether 
It was anf wered, that by carekull 


they put ouer towardes the 10. Bahn 
v mraucs ok a wuhur the 


ght amongtt all the rockes 


ſo named within the Rreigues abone the Counteſſe a 
they dio finde certaine great ſtones ſet 
here they allo made manp Colles of tone, 


had ſight of the Counteſſes 


ahill; and keeping along the Nopcher ſhoꝛe, 


deemed. Ihen they came 
neerer 


N one Davee ok grea⸗ 
eaſter making of the napies, they we 


and ſireihouell in pieces. a 
rancis taking the Malter of his Ohippe 


true plotte of the dad, 
A ts, as alſo to learch what 

8 92 the honour the ſatd Captan 
doeth o we ta that Ponourable name which humſellfe gaue thereunto verre, in the hiahelt 


and diuers pꝛetie were Nour, 


much the cou’e 


89 


ad 


re 


8, Hatton Hed. 


le 


N 


2 2 PDinnewte 
there bunt. 


reights. 


abriets Hands; 


go _‘TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, M.Frobifher.3, 


rer the place, they perteiued people which walted vnto them, as it ſeemed, witha flagge oz ene 
cane, an entre Country 0 had vled to doe the like, when they perteiued any of our 
boats to paſſe by, they ſulpetted ihem to be the lame. And comming ſome what neerer,thep might 
perceiue certaine tents, and oifeerne this enligne to be of mingled colours, blacke and white, after 
the Cnglithfaihion, But becaule they could lee no Shippe,nop like lihood of harbozough with 
in fiue 02 fire leagues about, and kue we that none of our men were woont to frequent thofe 
partes, they could not tell what to iudge ihereof, but imagined that ſome ok the tips being 
carried ſo high with the tome and miles, had made thipweacke amongſt the pce 02 the bzo⸗ 
ken Illands there, and were ſpopled bythe countrey people, who might ule the ſundzy coloured 
flagge fo2 a policie, to hing them like u iſe wishin their danger. CCiherenpon the layd Cape 
tame with his companies, cetolueD to rccouer the fame enligne . tfit were fo, from thoſe bafe peo⸗ 
ple, oz els to iole their liues, and all together. In the ende they dilcerned thum to be their couns 
treymen, and then they detmed them to haue lott their Ships, and ſo to be gathered together fop 
their better trength, On the other live, the company achoare feared that the Captaine hauing 
loſt his Shippe, came to ſceke kozih e top his reliefe in his pooze Einniſle, fo that their 
mities cauled eche part to lulpect the work, i 
eee be bith his Pam being come neere the thoare, commanded his Boate 
carefully to be kept aflote, lett in their necellitie they might winne the lame from bim, and ſreke 
fieſt to laue themlelues: fox cuery man in that caſe is next himſelfe. They hater one another 
accoꝛding to the manner ofthe Sea, and demaunded what cheere’s and either partie anſwer. v 
the other, that all was well: whereupon there was a ſudden and topfull outihoote, wich great 
flinging bp ol caps, and a bꝛaue voly of thotie to welcome one another. And truly it was a mot 
ſtrange caſe to fee how ioyfull and gladde cuerp partie was to fee themfelucs mecte in ſaletie a. 
gaine, after fo ſtrange and incredible bangers + Pet ta be ſhozt, as their dangers were great, fo 
their God was greater. ; ; 
° And here the cernpenp were wozking bpon new Pines, which Captaine Yorke being here 
Captain Yorke arriued nat long befoze, had found cut in this place, and it is named the Counteſle ok Suſſex 
Axriued. e 


Al r ſome conference wich our friends here, the Captaine of the Anne Francis Departen tos 
wards the Counteſſe of Warwicks found, to ſpeake with the Generall, and to haue tryall made 
ok ſuch mettall as he had bought thither, by the Goldlmers. And lo be determined to diſpatch as 
gaine cowards bis ſhip. And bauing ſpoken with the General he receiued oꝛder fo2 all caules, and 
direction as well for the bringing vp of is Shippe co the Counteſles ſound, as alloto kraight 
his Dbhip wich the fame Dare which be bimfelfe had found, which vpon triall made, was ſuppa⸗ 


Cbe 23. of Augult, the (apy Captaine mette together wich the other Captaines ( Commitios 
ners 9 ith the Benet) aboozde the Ayde, where they confiveren and confulten of 
lundꝛy cauſes, which being Particularly regiſtred by the Notarie, were appoynted where and 


Proaimin ſum 
egomet mibi, 


kate wul be paſſe about the Jland where they din vfe, ſuppoling there ſuddenly to intercept ſome of them, 
me But before our men could come nere, hauing belike ſome watch in the toppe of the mountaines, 


thence and ferhis courte ouer the ſtreights towards Hattons Hedland, being abont 2 5desgues 
dauer, and returned abonzd his Ohippe the 25. of Augult, to the great comfort of his company, 
who long expecten his comming, where hee found his Ohippes ready rigged and loden. 
Mbereſoze he departed from thence againe the next moꝛzning towards che Counteſſes ſeund, 


where 


M 
where 
the be 
withe 
Ch 

Ded wi 
which 
Mano, 
it, the fi 
and vnc 
our Co 
vbſe, and 
hozſebat 
lekt bak 
eb 


7 

aes 

1 
2 

ep 
oy 
is 
i 


ted alſo a 
Francis, a 
bration of 
and paffio 
the Comn 
could neut 
their ladin 
that he was 
onely by E 
ficate of af 
therein con 
had ſpent fo 
10 1 not 
ope of the 
thereof, Y 
tenten and v 
band. (Mh 
on was to be 
foggy miſts, 
with, and now 
ing neere, g 
bap thep thou 
ſbould be ſhut 
deſtruction. a 
that not onely 
allo each thipp 
griefe found in 
And the great! 
© laylo waighey 
dung theſe reale 
tzaines euerym 
ſhould be all in 
ward in the ſtra 
ag it was ſirſt fy 
ſetret intelligei 
the Counteſſes l 
taine Articles to 
which Articles u 


Hing now 
being infor, 


obi/her.3, 


a flagge oz ene 
iued any of our 
rer, they might 
nd white, after 
bozough with 
frequenc thofe 
pe fhips being 
pee On the broe 
Indzy coloured 
the fap Cape 
hoſe bate peos 
be their couns 
d together fop 
taine hauing 
r ſo that their 


ed his Boate 
im, and ſreke 
one another 
tie anſwer ev 
„wich great 
it was a moſt 
e in ſaletie a⸗ 
ere great, ſo 


ce being here 
fle of Suffex 


' Departen tos 
 ttpall made 
o diſpatch ae 
l cauſes, and 
lo to fraight 

was ſuppa⸗ 


Commiſſio⸗ 
confulten of 
where and 


en went to 
ſeruice, to 
ued them; 
„ though 
ines, in no 
(being bee 
p did neuer 
Tes to coms 
ie of them. 
ountaines, 
reat bartes 
Therefore, 
into Eng. 
ame with⸗ 
s departed 
5 leagues 
companp, 
nd loden. 
les ſcund, 
where 


4 Hs nom reteiued articles and directio 
g being i 


A. Hrobiſßer. z. 


where he arriued the 28. of the lame. V 


£8, whillles, and pipes, Alſo in the 
to ſee and taſte. 


kour pꝛetender fort. Allo here we folwed peate, 
ol the ſoyle again the next yeere. 


ken ſtraites, 


to take any 
da thing very impolſible, and that rather conlultati⸗ 
an nm elpeciallp fy theſe c wing. Fi 

ng ſnowe 


gt be Alinters dꝛaw⸗ 
roſt euery night was ſo hard cangealev within the ſo 1 
bap they ſhould bee long kept i winds, it 
ſbould be ſhut bp there fattehe whole yeere 


ö tn faz the habitation was wanting 
allo each ſhippes ſeuerall pꝛouiſton (pent and lo > Which many of our company to their great 
griefe found in their returne fince, fo) all the way home warde they dꝛanke nothing 
Sino the great caufe of this leakage and matty was, for tha 
lay Co waighep vpon the bartels, beake,boutteo, 


) ‘Dap appointed, thep 
ward) went in a Hinnelſt, and diltouered further 

ward in the ſtraights, and kound that by Beares ſound and Halles 

asic was firſt ſuppoſed, but all broken Illandg i 


ſetret intelligence to himleife he retu 


n their keturne, 


The Fleetes returning homeward, : 


me £02 our returne homewards, all other things 
n foptmarnelle and in goon order, the lait nap of Augutt the whole Fleete veparted 


from 


Trathiques, and Difcoueries, 


und; fo 
nd hand 


g, we left therein diuers of 
ne fog the neceſſaty 


coꝛne, and other graine, 


e ating ſometime itattors 
ring chat already they anne 
ke therefoze dikcaunp. 


bpon bis arriuall at 02! 


ner o 


i ewerd, and fil cauten cep. pelgn, 
. | . 2 che better keeping of orders and Courfes i 
which Articles were deliuered to euerp Captaine. 


1 
Nn A- 


91 


% houſe bint. 
Ded and left 
there. 


Nae 


92 


— — 


Neturne 
vonteward. 


An uvnknowen 
ch anne ll into 
the Roꝛtheaſt, 
dicouereh bp 
the Buſſe of 
Bridgewater. 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, d -Frobifher.3. 


— — 


. — as 
from the Counteſſes ſound, excepting the ludich, and the Anne Francis, who ſtaped for the tas 
king in cf feeth water, and came che nert day and merce the Fleete lping off and on, athwert 
Beares found, who ſtayed fo; the Generali, which then was gone aſhoze to diſpateh the two 
Barkes and the Buſſe of Bridge water, toa chetr loading, whereby to get the companies and other 
things aboozd. The Ce ptaine ok the Anne Francis hauing moſt part ol his company aſboze, tle 
firſt of September went allo to Beares found in his Pinnelle to fetch his men aboozo, but the 
wind grewe fo great immedlatly vpon their landing, that the thippes at Sea were in great Dane 
ger, and ſome ol them foꝛcibly put from their ankers, and Greatly feared to be vrterſy icf, as 
the Hopewell, wherein was Captaine Carew and others, v ho could not tel! on which fire 
their danger was moſt: for hung mightte rockes thꝛeatning on the one lite, and daiuing Jllands 
of cuttingyce on the other five they greatly eared to make ſy pwꝛacke, the pee dzuung fo neere 
them that it touched their bolt. it. And by meanes ok the Sea that was growne ſo hie, thip 
Lire nat able to put to ſea with their ſmall Winnelles to recouer their fhippes, And againe, the 
ſhippes were not able ts carrie oꝛ lie athwart fo2 them, by meanes of t! e outragious Windes and 
wel ing ſeas. The Generell willed the Captaine ot the Anne Francis with his cempaup, fo2 
that nig it co lodge abooꝛd the Buſſe of Bridge water, and went Limfelfr with the ret of his men 
abooꝛd the Barkes. But their numbers were fo great, and the pꝛouilien ok the Bar! es lo (cant, 
that they peltcredone another exceedngly. They had great hope that the next mozring the wes⸗ 
ther would be fate, whereby they might recouer there thipp:s, But in the mozning kollowing 
it was much woꝛſe, for the ſtoꝛme continucd greater, the Sea being moze wollen, and the Fleete 
gone qu te cut ok light. So that nom their doubts began to grow great: for the tip of Bridge. 
water witch was of qreatett receit, and whereof they had beſt hope and made moſt account roade 
fo farre to lee ward of the harbozowes mouth that thep were not able fo2 the rockes (that lap be⸗ 
tweene the wind and them) to lead it out to Sea wich a Carle. And the Barks were elreatp ſo pe⸗ 
Hered wich men, ano lo llenderly lurniſhed with pꝛouilion, that they had Cearcc meat loz ſire vayeg 
foz ſuch numbers. : 

The Generail in che moꝛning departed to Sea in the Gabriel to ſeeke the leete, leauing the 
Buſſe of Bridge water, and the Michael behind in Beares found, The Bulle fet ſayle, and thought 
by turning in che narrow channell withla the harbozow to get to wind ward: but being put to 
lee ward moze, by that meanes was faine to come to anker ko her better ſafetie, amongſt anum⸗ 
ber ok rockes, and there left in great danger of euer getting kozth ogaine. The Michael let 
fapie to follow the General, and could que the Buſſe no reliefe, although they earncitip deli 
red the ſame. And the Captaine of the Anne Francis was left in hard election of two cuils : eps 
ther to abive his foꝛtune with the Bulle of Bridge water, which was deubtfull of euer getting 
koꝛth, d elle to bee cowed in his (malt Pinneſſe at the lerne of the Michael thozow the raging 
Seas, to that the Barke was not able to recciue oz relieue halle bis company, wherein his dane 
ger was not a little perillous. 

Do alter hee reſolued to commit himſelke with all his Company vntd that fortune of God any 
Ota, aud was dangerouſlptowed at the ſterne of the Barke for many miles, vntill at leng:h they 
eſpyed the Anne Francis vnder laple, hard vnder their Lee „which was no {mall comfort vnto 
them. Foꝛ no doubt, boch thole and a great number moꝛe had periſhed foz lacke of victuals, any 

euient rodme in the Barks without the helpe of the Capo Ship. But the honelt care that the 
„et ok the Anne Francis had of (ts Captaine, and the good regarde of ductie towardes bis 

Generall, ſufferevhim not to depart , but boneſtlp abode to hazany a dangerous roade all the 
night long not withſtanding all che ſto my weather, when all the Fleete beſides departed. And 

the inneſſe came no looner abooꝛd the ſbippe, and the men entred, but thee prefently thiueren 

and fell in pieces and ſunke at the dss Cerne, with all che poozemens furniture: ſo weake was 
the boat with owing and ſo kozcible was the lea to buile her in pieces. But (as God would) the 
men were all ſaued. 

At this pꝛeſent in this ſkoꝛme many of the Fleete were dangeroullp diſtreſſed, and were ſeue⸗ 
red alm ict all aſunder. Pet, thanks be to God, all the Fleete arriued ſafely in England about the 
firſt ot October, ſome inone place and ſome in another. Gut among other, it was mot mare 
uetlaus how the Bufle of Bridgewater got awap, who bing left behind the Fleete ingreat Dare 
ger oF nruer getting forth, was kozced to ſeeke a way Moythward thozow an vnknowen channel 
full ok rocks, vpon the backe ſide of Beares ſuund, and there by good hap feund e ut a wap into the 
Nozth ſea, a berp dangerous attempt: faule that ne cellitie which hath no taw,forcen them to trie 
maſteries. Thie akozeſapd Noch lea is the fame which Ipeth vpon the backe five of Frobithers 
liraits, where fick the Generall hunſelke in his Pinneſſes and alter lome other ok cur company 

a halte 


found in 
and a hal 
of the Se 
will all tf 
ing entre 
tertainel 
will fall o 
Theſe 
chipelagu 
ingodonef 
parts coue 
Moze graſſ 
lands recei 
trarilp, the 
may grow 
as farre as 
Tartar, o r 
the Mozthe⸗ 
Moſcouy t 
And by late 
M ofcouy)} 
in all their un 
They are of 
climate, J re 
four and ron 
They are 
fight spon th 
thinnitth trac 
ritie. They me 
and ares. 
ſowed and con 
which we Fou 
ward, and ſom 
lared) they v 
ward. Hereby 
ertteme cold, 
$03 there it is 
to Saint Nich 
boys may bett 
altern winds, 
ſothe caule tha 


bucher. z. 


ed foz the ta 
on, athwere 
Jatch the two 
nies and other 
ny aflioge, tle 
D0, but the 
in great Dane 
t erſy icf, as 
on which ſide 
ung Illands 
ung fo necre 
fo hie, they 
againe, the 
s wöndes and 
‘cinpany, fo2 
ſt of his men 
res loſcant, 
ung the wea⸗ 
g kellowing 
nd the Fleete 
p of Endge - 
ccount roade 
that lay be⸗ 
lreaey fo pee 
fo2 Gre vapes 


, leauing the 
, and thought 
being pnt to 
ongſt anum- 
Michael fee 
irneſtip deſi · 
o cus: eps 
euer getting 
D the raging 
rein his Dane 


of God anv 
tleng h they 
omket vnto 
ctuals, and 
care that the 
owardes bis 
roade all the 
arteo, And 
tly ſbiuered 
Weake was 
D would) the 


were ſeue⸗ 
nd about che 
moſt mare 
igreat dan⸗ 
en channell 
sap into the 
them to trie 
Frobifhers 
ir company 

paue 


— a ee en — 


M. Frobiſber. 3. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


haue vifcouered (as they affirme) a great foreland, where they would haue allo a great likeli⸗ 
hood of the greateſt pattage towards the South ſea, oz Mar del Sur, 
+ Che Bufle of, Bridgewater,as the came home ward, to the Southeaſtward o 
utrep a great Alland in the latitude of 57 degrees und an halfe, which was neu 
and failed thace dayeg alongſt the coat, the land feeming to be frutetull, full of 
pionCountrep, 

There died in the whole Fleet in all this voyage not aboue forty perſons, 


ö lnhich number is not 
great, conlidering how manp (hips were in the F let, and how Strange fortunes we palſed. 


ey, and conditi. 


f Frifeland, di ſco⸗ 32 frntefnit new 
er vet found befoge, 3400 diu 
woods, and a cham⸗ 


Snita, and the condition of the 
fauages thereinhabiting; 


Fit cherefore touching the Topographical vefeription ofthe pla 
kound in the lalt voyage that Qu 


Mraites fall out ta be as Ithinke. And fome of our Company be- 
hin the mitaken teaites in the third voyage mentioned, thought 


atowards the South, which J thinke 


ake there an Ar- 
they all differ in Freatneſle, foꝛme, and faſhion one from another, ſa are they 
nd ſoyle much vnlike. They all are very high lands, moun 


taines, and in moſt 
euen all the Sommer long. The Norther lands haue leſſe ſtoꝛe of ino w, 


ule whereo may besfor that the Souther T⸗ 

be Chow, that the cold winde andpercing aye bring out ol the orth, And ton⸗ 
milder apne from the South, whereupon 
map grow the caule why the people touet to inhabit moze vpon the 7 
as farre as we can pet by our experience perceme they doe. Chele people I iudge to be a kind of 

f nd condition of life that the Samoeds bee to Che peo pie of 
the #2o2eheatt wards beyond Mofcony tubo ace.called Sainoeds , which is an muchto fay in the nr bee 
Moſcouy tongue, as caters okthemlelues, and lo the Ruſſlans their borerers doe name them. moeds 


. 


uell in the parts ok 
ſe Samoeds AND people of the Mortheat, J find that 
in all their maner of liuing, thofe people of the Roptheaſt, and theſe of the Nozthwelk are like. 
{ it may come to palſe, being bozne in ſo cold & Their nattus 
hepare naturallp boꝛnechildꝛen ok theſame cg: ‘lou. 
{our and complerion that all the Americans are, which dwell vnder the Equ nocttallline. 
0 hey are a ſtrong people and very warlike, fo? in eur 
ght vpon the koppes ok the hilles they would often mutter themlelues, and after the maner ol a 
dartes With great verte: 
t nes of beaſts, as of Seales, Deere, Beares, Fores, Thetr appara 
and ares. They haue allo fome garments ok feathers, being made of the cales of foules, finelp 
ſowed and compact togither, Of all which ſozts wee bꝛo ichvs i 
which we Found in their tents. In Sommer they vle to weare the hairie hve okthtir coates out⸗ 
mard and fomecime goe naked for too much heate. And in 


it ont er 6 a. degrees in latitude, then it is at Wardhouſe in the voyage 

to Saint Nicholas in Molcouie,being ataboue 73. degreeg in latitiibe. The realon bereot pers che accibenta 
. iat Ae ee vered with Eatterne and Noth. e 

baa i coldapze, which was al- ar ber incog. 

o peere our Traits were lo long ſhut vn with lo grent More of pce, Bur there is *. 


great 


The 


1 
1 


Traffi 

with (omen 
ther nation 
unknowen. 


Gold. 


The  fewel!, 


94 


Sau 
deught in 
Muliche. 


Their boates. 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, AA. Frobiſt er.. 


Ireat hope and like lihood, that further within the Deraights it will bee mo2e conſtant and tem⸗ Hi 
erate weather, 
: Thele people are in nature very ſubtill and ſharpe witten ready to conceiue our af by pes 
fignes,and to make anfwere well to be bnderfoopagaine, And ik they baue not feene the thin kettle 
lubereof pou alte them, they w:ll wincke, ay couer their eye le pre 
n their language which wee deſire to San 
ages Learne,ond are apt to learne any thing of vs. They delight in Muli and ton 
haire or 
; 2 their th 
and ſeeme to take great delight therein. They liue in bealt to 
Caues ok the earth and hunt fcr their dinners oz pꝛape, euen as the beate oz other wild beattes do. Theph 
They eat raw flech and ſich, and reftife no meat howſoeuer it be uinking. They are deſperate in timber 
tyeir fight, fallen of nature, and raue nous in their manerof keeding. N bout Ca 
Their Cullen ¢ delperate nature doth berein manifettly appeare that a company ol them being cliffes of 
enuitoncd by our men on the top of a hie cliffe, ſo that they coulo by no meanes efcape our hands, when th 
finding chemfelues in this tale diltreſſed. chole rather to cal themſelues headlong down the rocks winneih 
into the lea, and lo be bulled and dzowned, rather then to peeld themſelues to our mens mer and with 
lecture a 
boates w 
ble. ande 
aſunder, b 
theirs is fe 
Me ha 
is a kind o 
andother f 
mer, and th 
Thele p 
doe ake, the 
done to the 
cannot ſtirr. 
ceremoniou 
her, and touered cleane ouer ſauing one place in the middle to Shes 
it in, planked within with timber, and they vle to row therein wich one Oze, moze ſwiftiy agreat They hat 
deale, then we in our boates ran doe with twentie, They baue one fort of greater boates where forts of wild. 
in they can rarrie aboue twentie perſons, and haue a Malt with afaile thereon, which Cattle is made bap fifteeneh 
of thinne ſkinnes oz bladders, ſowed togither withthe line wes of ficheg. They hau 
They are good Fichermen, and in cheir ſmall Boates being dilgutſed with their coates of ſhips at their 
Seales Chines, thep deceiue the lich who take them rather fo heir Fellow Speates, then fo nes There are 
teiuing men. g : All theſe fo 
Thep are good marke. men. Ilithrbeir bart oz arrow they will commonty kill à Ducke, oꝛ x then any in Et 
np other foule in the bead, and commontp in the eye. thereun o. 
Dur men h. 
lind them real 
They vſe to traffike and ercha etheir commodities with ſome other people, of whom they eh — 
' ? e 
haue (uch things as their miſerable Counerep, and égnopance of Art to make, denieth them to The we 
baue, as barres of yꝛon heads of; von for theit darts, needles made foure ſquare, certaine buttons elpectally with 
of copper, which they vle to weare vpon their forehads fo? amament, as dur Ladies in the Court thew it ſelle, ant 
ol England doe ble great pearle. Their onge 
Allo they haue made fignes vnto be, that Chephaue lerne gold, and uch bꝛigbt plates of mets night long, wen 
tals, wbich are vſed fap oꝛnaments amongſt ſome people with whom they haue conference. ome nights wer 
Mekound allo in their tents a Guiny Beane of redde colour, the which doth bfuallp grote The Dunne! 
in they hote Countreps: whereby it appeareththey trade with other nations which dwell karre and rileth again 
oll, oꝛ elle themſelues are great trauellers. 5 4 ‘ Sommer cheir S 
Eber haue nothing in ble amone them te maße Gre wilhall, fauing a linde of Death and boures ano a halff 
Molle whichgroweth there, 


robifF er. z. 


altant and tem 


ur mean 
eene the 
vho would fay, 
n, they wil Roy 
wee deſire to 
ſure, and will 
hand and feete, 
t boates, and 
They line in 
ld beattes do. 
e deſperate in 


ol them be ing 
pe our hands, 
own the rocks 
lens mercies. 
batts, flings, 
are exceed 

t of their fel: 
urneful ſong, 
 chatte in the 
England the 
not ſuffer the 
2 three mos 

1e oz percets 
tthe woman 

ſicke, and he 

he lweetelk, 

attain ot our 

ealant, and 


Apes to 
tty agreat 
ites wheres 
ile is made 


r coates of 
then foz ves 


ucke, oz as 


thereunto, 
awar (fo3 


hom they 
h them to 
e buttons 
he Coutt 


95 


) other, as Yow thep 
bith Dog ges in leans pon the pre, and remooue their tents male fire. 
there withall wherein they dwell in Sommer , whenthep goea bunting for their pz 


A. Frobiſber. z. Traffiques, and Difcoueries, 


+ Che women carry 
ex doa little chaw in of eirowne mouths, 
The women haue their faces marked oz painted ouer wit ö 15 


j ſhzubs of the ground, euen as our kine doe. che prop 
od growmg in their Countrey chereabouts, and pet wee finn they haue ſome fun ann 


Ale haue notyet Roun any benemous Setyenter other burt in in theſe pares 
is 0 a of a 450 we that 0. 65 75 hh forelp,leauing 0 50 1 thers 4 5 of gman sg 
‘ AND other places where the tingetl, ep haue ſno o and halle in the b tt { 
5 a pecplene oten thee fenome deep, be bett tune of their Dom⸗ 
a hele people are great nchanterg, and bfe many charmes of witcherafes fo w 
doe ale, they tye a great fone with a Kring onto aicke,mo with certaine A e Anthanterr. 


They baut great ſtoze ol Oecre, Bearex, harez Foxes, and innumerable numbers of ſund 
fortaof wild foute,as Sestnetes Gules, dne Ducks geaspene nt killed in 5 Aan 
; guntrep. 


ers, and haue thicker ſkinnes 
ſo nature bath pꝛouided a remedie 
Dur men haue eaten of their Beares, b artridges Larkes, and ot t ir wi 
lind them teafonable good meat, but not 1 me 8 


Ele cite mult be all fine bei hing rah and they tat 
Siemen ade de an een. we ae 1 

e qe is erp lubtile, piercing and arching, fo that ir an coꝛrupted oꝛ i 

etpectally with the dilcale called Morbus Gallicus 1 there, it wil Pitenty heften h 

„Eten Se np Fra ite Op medicine be cuten, 
r longeſt ammers day is of great ugth. without any Darke ni t, ſo that i 

2 oUt me tna te ae 
D 


» C0 that in their dar. 
entp boures and a hal and in the night i 


ig abſent three 
une bee abſent thele 3. houreg and ahalle, pet it is not 


darke 


houres and a halfe, And althoughthe Su 


96 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. A. e Adrian Gylberts Pat. 


20 full rruolu⸗ 
tion ofthe 
Moone aboue 
their WYopsson. 


darke that time,for that the Sunne is neuer aboue ther oz foure degrees vnder the edge of their 
Doißon: the caule is, that the Trepicke ol Cancer doth cut their Hozizon at very vneuen and 
oblique Angles, But the Moone at any time ok the peere being in Cancer, hauing Nozth latitude, 
doth make a full rcuolution aboue their Voptzon, fo that ſometime they fee the Moone aboue 24. 
houres cogither, Some of our companp of the moze ignoz ant fort thought we might continually 
baue (cene the Sunne and the oone , had it not bene for two 07 thace high mountatnes. 

The people are now become fo warie, and lo cirtumtpect, by reafon of their former loſſes, 
that by no meanes we can apprehend any ol them, although wee attempted otten in this laſt voy 
age. But to ſay trueth, wee could not betow any great time in purſuing them, becaule of our 
great buſinelle in lading, and other things. 


The Letters patents of the Queenes Maieſtie, granted to Maſter 


Adrian Gylbert and others, for the ſearch and diſcouery of the North - 
weſt Paſſage to China. 


Lizabeth by the grace of Gov of England, France, and Ireland Queene, ves 

lender of the faith t. Co all, co whome theſe pꝛeſents hall come, greeting: 
Foꝛaſmuch as our truſtie and welbelourd fubiect Adrian Gylbert of Sand- 

ridge inthe Countie of Deuon, Gentleman, to his great coftes and charges, 

hach greatly and earnelſlly trauelled and ſought, and pet doth trauell and fecke, 

2 and bp diuers meanes indeuoureth and laboureth, that the Paflage vnto China 

and the Ties of the Moluccas, bp the Noztbwenward, Rorbeall ward, o Mopthiward,vuto which 
part oz partes of the world, none of dur lopall Sublects haue hitherto had amp traffique oz trade, 
may be vifcoureo,knowen,and frequented by the Spublects of this our Realme: Knowe pee 
therefore that for ebe conliderations afozefapn and for diuers other good conſiderations vs theres 
unto ſpecially moouing Cte of our grace eſpeciall, certaine knowledge, and meere motion, haue 
giuen and granted, and by theſe pꝛelents foz vo, our heires and fucceflors, doe giue and grant 
free libertie, power, and full authozitie to the Capp Adrian Gylbert, and to any other perfon by 
him 02 his heires to be alſigned, and to thole his allot iates anv alliſtantz, whole names are Writs 
ten ina Scedule hereunto annexed, and to their heires, and to one alllgnee of each of them, and 
each cf their heires at all times, and at any time o times after the date ol theſe meſents, vnder our 
Banners and Enlignes kreely, without let, interruption, oz re raint, ot vs, our heires oz ſutcel. 
fo}, any law, catute, pꝛoclamation, patent, charter, oz Noniſo to the contrary notwithddanding, 
to ſaile, make voyage and by any maner ol meanes to palle and to depart out of this our Nealme 
of England, o any our Realmes, Dominions, o; Territozies into all od any Alles, Countreps, 
Regions, Prouinces, Territories, Seas, Riuers, Portes, Bepes, Creckes, armes of the Dea, 
and all Pauens, and all mauer of other places whatloeuer, that bp the layde Nozthweſtward, 
Nozthealtward, oz Nozthward, is co be by bim, his allociates oꝛ allignes dilcoueted, and fo; and 
in the lapde fapling, voyage, and pallage, to baue and ole fo many hippes, Barkes, Pinneſſes, oꝛ 
other velſels of any quantitie oz burthen, with all the furniture of men, victuals, and all maner of 
neceſlary pꝛouiſion, armour, weapons oꝛdinante, targets, and appurtinances what ſoeuer, as to 
ſuch a voyage (hall o map be requiũite, conuenient oꝛ commodious, y lawe, Mature, ordinance 
02 prouifote che contrarythereok notwithſtanding. And alſo we doe giue and grant to the ſayde 


Adrian Gylbert, and bis ſapde aſlotiates, and to luch alfiqnee of him, and bis beires, and to te 


beires and one aflignee of euerp of his ſayde aſlociates foꝛ euer, full power and abfolute autho⸗ 
ritie to trade and make their reliante in any ok the ſayde Illes, Countreps, Regions, Pꝛouin⸗ 
ces, Territozies, Seas, Rivers, Portes, Bapes, and Pauens, and all maner of other places 
whatloeuer with all commodities pꝛolites, and emoluments in the Cape places 02 any ok them, 
growing and ariling, with all mant r of pziuiledges, pꝛerogatiues, turildictious and ropalties 
boch by {ea and land whatſoeuer peelding and paying therefore vntu vs, our heires and fuccefs 
ſoꝛs, the tenth part of all ſuch golde anv liluer dare, pearles, iewels, and precious Cones, op the 
value thereof. as the ſayd Adrian Gylbert and his ſayd aſſociates, their heites and allignes, fers 
uants kartoꝛs, oꝛ workemen, and euery op any of them ſhall finde, the Capo tenth to bee deliueren 
duelpto our Cuſtomer, oꝛ other officers by vs, our heires on (uccellors thereunto alligned, in the 
Poztes of London, Dartmouth, 02 Plimmouth, at which chee places onelp the ſapde Adrian 
Gylbere, and his ſayde allociates, their {apne heires and allignes, hall lade, charge, arrive, and 


dilcharge all maner of weres, goods, and merehandtzes dwhatloeuer to the layde voyage, and 


newe trade belonging oꝛ appertaining, And mozedvuer, wee haue giuen, granted, and aut hozized, 
and 


Adrian Gyl 
ſpace of fue 
—.— 


— | 
lberts Pat. 


AA. Adrian Cylberts Pot. Traffiques and Dilcoueries, 97 
r e ot their chele prefents un benen ant fuccetinns of dur geace efpecial, certatne knowledge. 
oe 2 and 0 2 — Andante deter Adrian Gilbert, aun big ‘apd affoctats 
ig Noꝛth latitud, fo) euer, thetr hetren and their lad Turbo den, that if the atmetapy Men, 4 
MPoone aboue 23. . , Meas, Rivers, Boltz, Bayes, m Daueng, on any other ol the 
might continuallp = the Cayo Adrian Gylberc op bis aflociata, their betvey any o any of 
mtalnes. ae ü amtes nto bp anp crave as atopefayn, wall be by a. 
(tt kammer toffes, ny other our 1 Sun e ubabiten by the tapes atmetayp, 
n in ibis la bop, ⸗ 1 tntthou the Special licence én waiting ofthe lum Adrian Gyiben ano hig and their beireg 
m, becauſe ol our gues be on o enh daten bn drr Co that he des Adrian Gilbert bis prep 
—— fignes be one of hem, that chen thip, on theps in  bopages view, ag 
lam Singuler thete goons, wares opanp things wbatfoeuer,from & to 
edtoMafter = any of the places afopefayd tran(popten chat ſo ſpall prefume to » Requent,paumne, trade vnto, oy 
of the North. chall be f and couſſcated, ipfo faAto, theonebatte of the le goods and marchan· 
izes, Wocher things whatfouer, op the balue thereof to be to the vlt of bg, our beites op Cuccef: 
fours, and chs scher moptic chereof to be co the ve of the ſapd Adrian Oyibert and his ſayd affo- 
and Queene, dee. ciate, their hewes and fo) euer: and vnto the Adrian Gylbere any bis ſayd alſoci⸗ 
come, greeting: ats, chete hetres and 8 wee ’ 14 » Cteate and Kelle peculiar 
ylbert of Sand. tobe named by, to fue and to be ſued bp , at n to hit, by the name ol agues of the cue 
tes and charges, t fellowahtp fop the diltourrie of the » MD them for vs, our and fuccels of te tene 25. 
ruelland ehe- fours by that name doe ampokate, and doe erett and create ag boop cowepate to haue con, 20 
lage vnto China tinuance fon guer. Mozeouer bio the ſapd Adrian Gylbere, a bis fain adtoctats, and Unto their Sau 
oar onto hich . pre oe app caper name of the Of the fellowihip, for the wir: 8". 
ne: Knowe pee ſentn giue, grant, and we full tame to time, any at al chez 
ations vs there.. . — Decree and enact, confticute and orneme, eee, el tah ene . 
N 12 6 toe neuer ef the — tell hin oe pbb 
glue an 3 , NeceMary, and cosa 
abet prin due, fo cher chey op any of chen be nog n co the men of this rere, —— 
names are mit- graut. 5 : iit us) 
chofthem, and d we by our dip aie of on aucbonty of our grace cecil cetang 
1 edge our aetna ee, decrees, 
beires oz ſucteſ. 1 inwen and acts to be in fo full ann great potver au n f r en beta kürte ap 
notwithſlanding, mn eim in dered el confitme, ; ratifie, And further fop che incour tof 
3 Reale Fo our louing in ed ha ng Pierogatiue, dankt of authority fos 
9. Countreps, = dur heires and „ conũrme, ordetne; ratiſte 
nes of the Sta, Gt pi, fps enen ee aste, apc che Heites and allignes 
Nozthweſtward, them ann curry of them fo euer, ud to ot other ber aue perfor of our dung Cubiecee wage 
red, and for and ſoeuer that (hail her trauatle , faple, d make voyage ag, apd 60 atip cage, 
8, Binneſſes, o eee € ouncceps op RLeritopien whattoeuer bp vertue of thig r rum to be vifvensee, 
coe eo Genus soca seni ince Sopa 
» 48 to and » 02 7 any nn 
atute, opdinance prtuileges dt fee we home within this our Realm of Denisa» 
ant to che faye in our allegiance fo) euer, in fuch like ample maner and forme, as tf they were my ban here hoh —— 
cites, and to the and perfonatip veftant wachen our apy Nahm, any lato, Nut or blige 
ablolute autho: | ch conteatp bereat in anp wile noctoichttanding., BGG 
gions, 19,0uin- i ronfiyecation afoyetapo by vertue bureot, we gine ab dato the Lapp 
t of other places Adrian Gylbert, his heires and allignes fon euer, free libertie licence am during che 
oz any of them, ſpace of fiue peeves next a 0 che date herert, ic hall noe be lawfifl fe; „ Edis atem 
us and ropalties fon op perfons whatloeuer, ta vile bau feenuens Ee Grun Wes patter, Ries h 1 
. . Soeas, inane one, bayen Heuene op to Perm. 
us ones, os the ae eee en agent ei dr 
wallignes, fers Fe cy ben ebene ane gen t debe petal conte um pean Of che lad Adrian 
= li 1 e —— perten Ing of the aſſociste 
ed, in 5 che ſayd Adrian, N alligues, any perſdn d „ frerokthte 
ere Adrian biſcouery, thal do aNp act q; acts contr; fo tbe Cenour ano true meaning hereof nuriairebe ate 
— a | ad et apna eee e 
de vopage, a 0 o fate) N 5 And 
and ee aden and Pevlons etempird out occhi m x Mie d e a ers 


2 


An 


_98 TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigatons, Ad. like Dau; . 


gur and grout, 


p wap 
this 


lo he tontrm y 
8 to bec 
in the Gge and iwenty perre of our 


fonages u 
n eee 


— — ; 
7 —— —— x Che en un fou of tte 

: committed by abuenturers,, cfpecially iche care A iam Sandler 
chant of London, who was fo forward therein, that befioes — which war noe Ball be 9 4 
the greatelt commended ' 


of — the 
o. tunes, 
the Moone: : e 


Attans —.— „Willi 
1 obert Cornifh 
= ls 1 3 — perfons or 
de eee ce 
We 


af LI vd ch zi far we . di 123 
it yor 1 sat men win Ye baeee fopcee to putinta Silley. G. 18S Larter sister, 
12. dahrrt, aud in bat fpace 
thee aptaine did plat out and 
of JAauigation, 
K 


aur cher kale op che: kcnetinen be bini beds, an 
Tih word 


* 


05 on betrag fenton, 
tury 09 the Fable c pane 


of erat 
The 24, 
‘toute Spat 


were aumolt 


find a landh. 
ment, and 
fhoare, biit at 
taine rowing 
fore he cam 
that hee could 


not being lee 
cult the weath 


— 


n Daus: i. Tnffgdes& Diſcoueries. 107 
— tunen rer wr 1 ae der Capo it wan a Dariie hend. 
Nd ſull aurbopity 9 ee wh : castro —̃ñ— 
ONE OF moe in any ong fy — 4 went to ſoote at ſo greut, 
dated. 9) any u ay ee 4 7 — on the Purer 
© poli cuting of theta tt ache) gma but 2 frong thut he banw off the 
Auch yunuſdment. N boat-booke, and hit one with that, bu all 
bit al tach a 8 cine e e serene hak 
uention of ihe cli. Da we at ¢ CH 
ben un bis aff. | “tb 19 5 sor gra cham ary 1 wh ond v. e 
ne — id 5205 a on 
PvE ally has abont cane 75 e 
arme pam: ne 4 ee * Leu gene the heath 
emp rette ofour | e ia ate ce eae 
1 being oatthiber + lo the Captaine and the Patter 
1 . trae 11 che Moonethine pa out her b ag 
ze 1385. for inden ra i us So. N aan pple sel pene 
2 5 5 ch ee t ſhoul he 8 
e ee rde Bete g Wache pete les rom at 
n. Th. che tneach, ue mer hum cee 
— 1 5 8 lent wpa . pert a the roaring 
Countrey, ner e Dur c ie ſeeing vs sa Fe“ 
of that natine earn, tbo hed Tam begat to (ote false, Tabs a 
e of the Had befallen bd, cota Wwe cameaboonn againe iwith our are wearing, 
y gitten ouer by yee very Ack fh water, herve bent ou cout am we Bee ued 
Nincipall pur: by che e ee 
neceſſarie The 2 5 een 18 along the coalt the forrore brake vp, ind we dilcouered the land, 
ag fou of this es the Halt b ticle mp frrowneainota land that etter we uw: The fet üghe where. 
nderſon ui peated 95 ont me oa ſugart locke, anni thon ight abou te clounes, 
not all, bee 55 litte in the lk ich pee dun wh fm, 
COM panie ane teen 90 sree 600 watt Sea edi ch yiketome noyle as thatic (oer 
ino, ay Cap Me toe the ee pattern fom un aftr che fame dur Captaine named it, . 19 
11 ue of ad 
th tbe feuenty a Wii en moch hy ln ovitebtet forthat ive were cunllraned to bend dar Prous 
thes , the one agalne, ge e a eae tito a very Deege Bap, where wer 
wes, mamcD 2 5 h oy we fat dez much toward che 1aorehnonebeatt Wiett, nd 
— pelt; m aes oop Hor mith hne elearen ou früh oF OF the pte, running South foi, 
| } 95 
Walter Ar | che pbethgthe Hor eben, abit eee blche clocke fvhe morning, twee 
ont Willism and oe Copia wich fire! faplers went towards the fhoave, thinking to 
gell, Chifto. eu ght bete i sued peretue besen be vopne tela e. 
dien, 1 1 aden that we hab lerne a Caitoa 
ier, the reg mieten ey great eeatonite on he 82 
jake Sthethoare’ willed to beare in wi t, and bee 
mance. af our 5 ct tne Bet » Op about two miles, her loumd fo m much pee, 
bbe Se kum bp aup meanes, eu mater put to thee es to en 
auth, where dran cher e tere fo many ſealer bpon the coatt , and the birds did beate bport 
afl tas in bate he water abvut this phice was Hare and chicke like co , 
, we le hand ze ga 20 tathuns. The che anewat . 
fi ave, Mien fatue waods pon the rocks Like to the rocks of Newfoundland, 
ie weather. 1 rbe fo berg well: fof be hw woot foténe tion the cont Floti. woot 
Guymiby te ones ne tooike atreeat Deanse kütte fromthe tout . 
eos kitchen bahiofuls about, bait the vote pb es janes ae Cte 
* bev betng tery atte am fate we bur courte tomar the 
5 1 ee e Cittancheatt WMotfontsror 
vids he 2 we 0 ie and 82 * 
silat The 24. ene areata eee, 
— pgp tot being able rome neere the Whoate by team uf 


che great ent aes At this place, be. 
cauſt the weather was fomewhat doe bp veaton of the pre l and the better to n 


tk 


8 cnet 


101 


A. lohn Dauis.t. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 
to be bjougbe toanp.ciuilitp 09 coon asver tae me GO __——___. 


to be bꝛought to any ciulity o 
Sunne. 

During the time of our above among thele Allands we found realonable quantity of wood, miners tors 
both lire, {paule andiuniper; which whether it came floting any great diſtance to thele places ®t wood. 
where we kound it, oꝛ whether i i fl 


2 good oꝛder: but we iudge them to be idolaters and to wozſhip the 


e found great pooles. The clitfes were all 11 0 
Hin 4 oo had diuers ſhewes of Study pad 14181 
Gether vnlike to Chzictall. Tie found an herbe growing vp⸗ ¢ 
et, full of ren iuice, and the ri LSB: aun 


ae ann dure of the clocke in the moznin 
n in Gods name we fet faite, and Wire all that day becalmed vpon the re 1 
them to be, nd Che firk of Auguſt we had a faire winde, and lo pꝛoceeded towards the Mozthwelt foꝛ our dif: Augun. 
er ck bis ſhiype, couerp. 5 ; 
Mulicians with 5 The lirt of Augult we discouered land in 66 degrees 40 minuts ok latitude, altogether void Land in 66 be. 
tquite, op wih from the petter of ice: we ankered in a very faire rode vnder a bꝛaue mount, the cliffes whereof grees 40 min 
ans to play, our were as ozient as golde. This mount was named Mount Raleigh. The rode where our ſhips 
kenne Canoss lay at anker was called Totnes rode. The ſound which did Compatte the mount was named F xe. 
, thar they tal ter ſound. The fozeland towards the Moꝛth was called Diers cape. The forelany towards the 
idee dol⸗ South was named Cape Walſingham. Sofoone as we were come to an anker in Totnes rode 
de allured then vnder Mount Raleigh, we eſpied foure white beares at the foot of the mount: we luppoling them sonre white 
jtothe Sunne to be goats oꝛ wolues, manned our boats and went towards them: but when we came neere the eats, 
w. This hee fhore, we found them to be white beares ok a monſtrous bigneſſe: we being defirous ok freſh vic⸗ 
ok the Moone. tuall and the poꝛt, began to allault them, and q being on and, one of them came dowue the bill 
d hen, anv right against me: my piece was charged with hailſhot er a bullet: A diſcharged my piece and thot 
hey beganne to f him in the necke; be roared à litle, and tooke the Water fraight making ſmall account of his burt, 
48 and gloues, Then we followen bim with our boat, and killed him with boare-{peares, ¢ two mozethat night. 
making Agnes Roe tise 1 5 Mab 17 j 95 we ried 1 their dung that they fed vpon gralle, bee 
L i aule ic appeared in all reſpects like the dun ol an hozle, wherein we mick very plat 
N a a pe toa m4 N ae ee reese cae 
bins, call The7 we went on Hore to another heave which lay all ni t vponthe top of an Illand vnder 
tips 19 80 Mount Raleigh, and when we came vp to him be lap faſt 1 87 2 leuellevahie head, and the 
tig be n Ceales fone ol my piece gaue no fire: with that he looked Dp, and layed downe his head againe: then J 
ke, making a ot being charged with two bullets, and ſtrooke him in the head: he being but amazed fell backs 4 
sep all Wards : whereupon we ran all vpon him with boare. ſpeares, and thzuſt him in the body: pet fo; beare. 
fino ane bythe all that he gripe away our boate. ſpeares, and went towards the water; and as he was going 
amd he killed done, he came backe againe. Then our Datter ſhot his boare-(peare, and ſtrooke him in the 
zem bpon this 5 head, and made him to take the water, and lwimme into à coue faſt by, where we killed him, and 
Was ck them: bought him aboozd. The bzeadch of his forefoot from one fine to the other was foureteene inch⸗ 
irds lhinner; es ouer. They were very fat, lo as we were conſtrained to caſt the fat away. Ute ſaw a rauen 
5 lothat we vpon Mount Raleigh. Tce found withies allu growing tke lom ſpꝛubs e flowers like Mimro⸗ 
reof bulking ſes in the (app place. The coaſt is very mountainous, altagether without wood, gralle oz earth, 
swith fe and is onely huge mount aines of tone ; but the bzaueſt tone that euer we law. The aire was ve⸗ 
, ano chicke i ry moderate in chis countrey. a 
Gund in them The 8 we departedkrom Mount Raleigh, coating along the thoare, which lieth Southfouch- 
of them, and welt, and Catknortheat, 5 3 a 
another: fo? Che o gur men fell in sin. of their allowance 
(4 ; 
85 wine quares ol beere, x Mewland 
ö to 


ined them krom their butter and cheefe, 
13 . Che 


1 
i q 
14 


the one failing b 
flue dayes, bauing the winde at Douthealt, very foggp and foute weather. 


Cimber like ours in England: the one was made of irre, ſpꝛuſe and oken boogns ſawen like inch boozds: 
ſawen the other was made all of whale bone, ¢ there hung on the tops cf the fleaps three heads of beats 
Fowles, which thep had kilied. Me faw here larks, rauens, and partridges. 
The 17 we went on Hoare, and in a little thing made like an cuen with tones J found many 
un image. limall trifles, as a ſmall canoa made ol wood, a piece of wood mane like an image, a bird made of 
bone, beads hauing ſmall holes in one end of them to hang about their necks, ¢ other {mali things. 
The coa was very barren without weod oꝛ graſſe: the rocks were very faire like marble, full 
ol vaines of diuers colours, Ge found a ſeale which was killed not long before, being fleane, 
and hid vnder Tones, 
obabiities Dur Captaine and Matter ſearched till for probabilities of the paflage, and kirſt found, | that 
the palagr. this place was all THands, with great founds patting betweene them. i 
mova eee Secondly, the water remained ofone colour wit 


pels befoye ot 
after, bur the 5 
waters colour tocome from a ete rly fea, 
was altered 

berp blackilh 


Laſtly, it dio ebbe and flow fire oꝛ ſeuen fadome vp and downe t 
parts, fo as we could not perteiue the chiefe maintenance thereof. 

The 18 and 19 our Captaine and Malter determined what was belt to boe, both fo2 the fate: 
Hard of their credits, and ſatil fying of the abuenturers, and tefolued, ifthe weather bake bp, to 
make further ſearch. 


The zdc the winde came directly again vs: fo they alttred their purpote, and reaſoned both 
fo2 proceeding and returning. 

The rt the winde being Rozthwelk, we departed from theſe J flanns ; and as we toaſted the 
oon ſhoare we ſaw manp faire founds, whereby we were perfivaven thatit was no firme land 
but Iſlands. 

The 23 of this monceh the wind came Doutheaſt, with very foamy and foule weather: fo we 
were confirained to ſeeke har boꝛow vpon the South coat of this entrance, where we kell into a 
very faire found,¢ ankt red in 2 5 kadoms greene oſie land. Pere we went on ſhoze, where we han 
manifed ſignes of people where they had made their fire, and laped ſtones like a wall, In this 

place we [atu foure very faire faultons; and M. Bruton tooke ſtum one ok them his pep, which 
we iudged by the wings and legs to be a ſnite, foꝛ the hrad was taten off. 
The 24 in the alternoone, che winde com ming ſome what faire, we Departen from this reap, 
purpoſing by Gods grate to rcturne fo; England 


The 26 we veparted from light ol the och land of this entrance, virecting our cour le home: 
Wards vntill the centh of the next moneth. t 


Faulcens. 


2 


Their returne. 


The 


a R 8 


leagues, i 


ing, the pe 
many ſhout 


with many fi 
them J gaue 
ſolde, but giu 
returne agait 

The nert 
to ſerue our p 
were very we 
was there fer 


N Dauts.t, 


AMA. lohn Dauis.2. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


10 
— 3 
ed The Cape of The 10. ol September wee fell with The land of deſolation, thinking to doe on ſhoare, but September. 
eather being very we could get neuer a good Harborough, That night wee put to fea againe thinking to ſearch it the 
hat we were thot next dap: but this night aroſe a very great tome, and ſeparated dur ſhips, ſo that we fort the fight 
and inſe me thir: ofthe Moonefhine, 
er ok the veryeo ⸗ The 13. about noone (hauing tried all the night before with agoote wing) we fet lalleſæ with: They rate 
ur pallage. Da: mtu houres after we had lighe ui thle Moonethineagaine: this Dap We departed from this land. 1 6 0 hao 
ends ftanding The a. ol this moneth we fell with light ol England. This night we bad a maruetlous ftopme England ina: 
loeb themſelues, umd loſt the Mooneſhine. bapes, 
where we ſlayed Che zo. ol September wee came into Dartmouth, where wee found the Moonefhine being 
come in not two houtes before, 

ped by together 

1 The ſecond voyage attempted by M. Ion Danis with otliers, for 
2 7 5 ben the difcouery of the Northwest paſſage, in Anno 1586, 
hem, and killed 


— — De 7. dap ol Pap, J departed from the pozt of Dartmouth fo} the difcouerp 
e thought chem ‘ 


of the Northweſt paflage, with a hip of an hund ed and twentie tunnes na⸗ 

ong buch tailes: g z med the Mermayd, a barke of Co. tunnes named the Sunneſhine, abarkeof 
wo lleads made oe . tunnes named the Mooneſhine, and apinnelleok tenne tunnes named 
ke inch booꝛds: 5 Ithe North ſtarre. 
he ads of beats And the 15. ot June y dilcouered land in the latitude of o. degrees, and iu zand diſtone 

A longitude from the Meridian of London Meſtward 47. degrees, mightily red in 6o.bea 
J found many pettered wich pce and now, lo thatthere wasno hope of landing: the pee lay in fome placestenne 1b. 
abiromadeof fF” leagues, in ſome 20. and in fome 50. leaguesoffthe ſhoze, lo that wee were conttrainen to beare in: 
timall things.. to 57. degrees to double the fame, and to recouer a free Sea, which through Gods fauourable 
marble, full F uuerty we at length obtained, 5 
being fleane, — Che 29. ol June after many tempeſtuous ſtozms we againe diſcouered land, in longitude from 

|) — the Meridian ot London 58, degr. 30. min. and in latitude 64, being Catt krom vs: into which 

ſtfound, that cc:urſe fith it pleaſed God by contrary winds to force vs, Ithought it v 


N erp necellary to beare in 
withit, there to ſet vp our pinnelle pꝛoulden in the Mermayd to be our f 

ring. La and ſomuch the rather becaute the pere befope J had bene in the fame plac 
ch theyiudged 


ba 
theſe whales ie: . 
hweſt againt „ kainous, hauing befoze it on the Tek ſide a mighty company of Illes 


nd is very high o moun⸗ 
full of faire founds, any 
brrboꝛoughs. This land was very litle troubled with lno w, and the fea altogether voyd ok pce. 
ding in gota: Bs The hips being within the founds wee ſent our boates to fearch for ſhole water, where wee 
asthe water; might anker, which in this plare is very hard to finde: and as the boat went founding and learch⸗ 
adoms. ing, the people of the countrey hauing eſpied them, came in their Canoas towards them with 
gkrom diuers many ſpoutes and cries: but after they had eſpied in the boat ſome ok our company that were the 
veere bekoze here with vs, they pꝛeſently rowen to the boate, and tooke hold on the dare, and hun 
bloꝛ the lale⸗ about the boate with ſuch comfortable top, as would require a long diſcourſe to be vttered: they 
Bake bp, to tame withthe boates to our thips, making fignes that they knewe allt 


ho bene with them. Alter J perceiued their top and {mall keare of vs, my felfe with the er ⸗ Gentle andlo· 
eaſoned both cgßants e others of the company went aſhoare, bearing with me twentie kni 


ed, but they lept out of their Canoas and came running to mee and the re 


f, and embzaced vnn 

e toaſted the with many ſignes of heartie welcome: at this pꝛeſent there were eigbteene of them, and to eche ol 

lofitine land | them F gaue aknife: they offre ckinnes to me for reward, but 7 made fignes that they were not 
dbolde, but giuen them of courtefierand fo diſmilſed them loꝛ that time, with fignes that they ſhould 

atber: ſo we teturne againe after tertaine houres. f N 

e fell intoa The nert day with all pollible ſpeede the pinnette was landed vpon an Alle thereto be finiſhed n200Cas 

here we had dolerue our purpoſe for the diſcouerie, which Alle was ſo conuen ent foꝛ that purpofe, as that we with dmers 

ll. In this were very wel able to defend our lelues against many enemies, During the time that tie pinneiſe, im modities, 

Ney, which us there ſetting vp, the people came cõtinually vnto bs ſometime an hundzed Canoas at a time, 
ſometime fourtie, tie, moe and leſſe, a8 orcaſion ſerued. They bro ught wich them ſeale l 

n this road, | Magee 


urle home: 
Che 


Cent one ofthe ſhipboates to one 
part of the lande, and my Cele went to another part to learch koz the habitationol this people, 


with 


eco. The Englith Voyages c. Adwobn Daub. 2. 
aud comme of (hem ment’ ito the cop of the ep : and bag turteviiſin vling them. — — 
that he 


cure ‘the Dinnte was no ſobnerbowne, but they bagan o pꝛactiſe chtir vruiltihanture uw with 

* waste urg ver ftrrceip into the Moodie r anv ftrake ane ut her nan chen boatfwalhe, 

„ tierten michl: uherrut deing monet, changromp rumteſſe, av grow to ham, mp felt in 
ian) “eee . . ˙ ashe Yaar ihc putt then, anmarice ec 
| enge wers Bie oto final tei of ing: fotinally 
1010/0 ; tral urd 95 ! t j olthe d mir al 
img at wit Mean om Mee bE tbeKr commis atm deuradei erben een Kop: api dnern bu 

od a ag — ͤ vv err 
le 18 4d became intent nn tots ben en rene enen annere nee bin 
he came crying lliaout, and ſtriking his brett odkeren u pate Of ginnt to falbche master nſtened him 

r a hmie fop them: fo two of the came ti biz the one was not tauche uothe other wan foone captiue 


or re then we pointed to him and his felldtwes fop our anker wht} being had we made fignes 
hat he tho ji 


th 5 l Hill tollowing 
bie ate 175 ſhip cloſe aboogn talked with him ay a kindeol lanentatten, We Sil ust him wel with 


4⁴ 
1 
grees 
a 
Speen! 
neſſe u 
found i 
div ſtin 
bladder 
which! 
The 
way W 
in them 
vpon eu 
the peop 
they diff 
liaout, which was the canmman coutſe uf curtelie. At length chis lellam aboopw vs fpake foure oz plaine tl 


ſiue woꝛds vnto the other aud ry his face, whervtiponthe other noi: clofe, an 
ithe, Departed as we ſuppole with emite chere. Me iudged the coueruig af his fy parted ft 
and bowing of his body botwne,figuittenhis death. At length he became apl. Merinay 
MONT vs. J gaue him a new ſute af frizcafter the Englich fathion, becauſe 7 ’ ing in lat 
dure the colde, ol which he was terpdoptull, be trinnned bp his darts, and alt his came. 
would make okam,and lec his band ta axepes enn on occalion. Pelined with the dy Caplin chat 7 Ae en 
I tooke when J was ſearching in the pinnis, and di cate dx Newland ſiſ ). he 

All this while, ou be handed, bur peaple were in very good bealch , onely one mothe ei 
cepted who byed at fea the fourteenth of chis modieth, ann the fificenth,accowing to the  tptatvey, 
fea, with praife giuen to God bp fertice, was cat ouerboozd. fis WM 


10 n ache tunuwe of 63 emrew 8, inies ie Fell porta 
HE sitteofpee n 


Sz. degrees of 


e Lene and being withall fo very in lame of a land, with b es and capes: and like } obbleruatio 
140 8 mercedes ae ene ee en cn blend dunn, teenthatn 
ö hug were certat fntorrncd that it wan any poe, wbichlgen great auneieation te bg all cantine. ren 
W inceendile tobe reno nt eructh at it twasjatn tyevefoe 3 ann ueds grea 
. rhereags, Chis aneln ¼²—6⅝⅛:ÿę the lkebefne wae neues feene san th the bel 
— — eint ebe dot Shlpfireink Gabe bang esse 4 oe ve 

* 3 N ö ur⸗ f 5 
poles che ade in this dime wa lo coitagtous and the fea —— as chat al a In the mon 
was baniched of pꝛoceeding: fop the 24 of Siulp all eurthretons, ‘ropes unn ſailer wer ſutruſen, be lande. a 
. mer n . ee ney be ea alan come moye then Strange, lich the Lett pe 

Peere gs b mnανð ðꝗ m. „ g nnen 

Due men thpouah this mem began n gvotw ficke mm fect, ann withall hopeiegt nf g-οẽ 33 
fuccetertabereupon verp pnecip wind guodaicretion thep tneventea metatcgatD che tate ok this fi routs te 
bufineg, and witha meien me, that incentcience: Showmbe co regard the faite of une dune ife ſlagemapbe 
ith Tbe preloruation of theirs an chat Githouts poe pow np oute When emuethrl nb. rohan: 
ranch chetyen to ginerne bites cunt. bas matter in canfcience bin geeattp uur — 
toregarochetr ettates :yet the ‘bfabe une ue che Gat e 
Sera bope of cectatncie bp the lft peeves pitcoucsp, bthatthere was petathirn apmocput in initia 
Tee Haare craneicamme great iger ithe action by mp mühe pouty pests pom 
Fear aaa Wicrehite sober expen feeking bee fet Gen, the Countaine ofall meccieg, x plcatin | the (otis ed 
die dazu p den damen nenne chat hich Z hope hal oem hing dn tothe smenned the 
conteutatien Chuilktan mindr. iherrupdn fall into confiveration that che Mermaid, | firemiles bp 
ae bevy Song Guten thip,wocky ram of bev butten was not n 

aga T ˙ berger os: furcber bauing iv accomtier greatcbanye parteip 
tothe adurnturers being at 100 . li. the monethz and thatin duubtfall territe: all con: ae rth 
lideren with ninera other: things, J dennen to finniſh the Mooneligin with this place at ef 

aud lulkictent men, an to mocerde in thigartion a Bon tout bivect me. J altered 2 


nur couriefrom the pte, aud bare Ealtloutheaſt to retoner the next ſhoze where this b 
beperkomed : ſo wich fauourable winde itpleaſed Soo that the fof duet De 


be ict 
i ig 


him 
#foone captiue 
made fignes 
he faite where- 
fill follow: 


could not in⸗ 
ig tooles, and 
b Caplin chat 


M.lobn Daus 


bar 
dwegrauedthe Moonclphe,and tual net ig count 
22 while the barke was minmig EG William Eſton bid: ieee alltis tame ton 
lands with : Sea onthe Catt, a Sean the Wiegand 


foundic very Hot, and wee mere verp much troubled with a 


— ft of Auguit I went with the twa. 


our fel 


TraffiquesandDicoucior 


elue le the ſboze, being 
: ale Aclocke in she morning we departed 


1 D Land Aozthwelt from vs in | wohnung, bei 
laticude — — Daub. Den ny Creat bore ot 


eee mie sgl icone hne Sooucbuettannip. 


cuales be cellent quod mad, where with all 


es oUtbe Moth, Anchis place wee 
bich Mies Maes Great heat 
a Heile, and . 


with oer chippeg. 


affers and others to the toppe of ll, and b 
wap Willian Eſton eſpied three Canoas lying huder be topye ola bill, and by abe 


5 arocke , and went into them: re were 
in them arts, with diuers ſu ius topes, whereof wee nnen. bela 
bpont euerp boat afilke point, a bullet of lead, and a ec be nere dur being the lire of duguct, 
the people came vnto vs wi keare, and div Larter with vs fo) fkinnes.ag tee other people pin; 
they differ not From the other, neither in their Canons no} el, pet is their Pronunciation more 
plaine chen the others, and in the throat. Our Dauage aboord vg kept hi 
clole, ann mane ſhe w thas he another contpanio 


Uitthe 


W about lte lernen, we bifcoweces b be · 


other fromm thence me Kang 


the mooning, wee an⸗ 
mozed to the ce. *r 


Bland tothe South, 


sHeagues Sens ann bp Elett.vee by nn 
art and mohe exuct munen en We founnepe couse tobe Sboush welt ache me abe 
ued a great current ſtriking to the ett, N 


* 
bisl ng in gte meg tnerealeth our bope, Thi eenth of Aus 
at fire ac beke in tie rden (began folnow, and to contin bd Kü eae ee 
ean tees Ghee k that we were conrad x amtane a sei fate fen 
Au the mopningbeing the cwentitth of au 


beland. and ſo ſhagebpur courte 


eee e ae g wii the Au fu fi Hin 
„At conten this lanp till eight and wenkie Augie, finding it 
se dende ene eg 7 bete pu . 


8 
eee 


the lemer being two 
wenge eels 


chat the wi 
withp,and bitch: here wee lawa blacke beare: this 11 


kinds of ln 


like, wilde geele, ducks, 
ge and kezant we killed 


this place at the barhorough mouth we found great toe of cop, 
The Hse ok Stpemerat tenne aclocke wee {et {atte 
f ber. Che thirde bay being calme, at 


to lie at hull all night 
Rull he fogge 1 


noone we ſtrooke laile, and let fall a cadge anker, to pꝛoue 
whether 


she, auth ka difconer the coat, dhe the pate 


eldeth great tote of birds ; 
black birdes,tepes, chauthes, with other 2 
eat fore with Lots and attomes: in Stone of cow: 


and coated the ſhoze with berp faire 


108 Se 44. Tob — 
ang tbe tn come yg — 
ee 
rr eer 


woods, *. 
great fea 
Allen: 


Wee itn gr, 


cee en eae aeg the begining of October 


Maſter Danis being arriued „wrote is letter to Nl. 22 
ae — ad 


7 — 
r hore 


oni to cum! 


5 lea Davis, fat 
n. 005008 


hel ree 
fotireeynth of October 


went towards 
high, and it loo 
binderen by a fm 
thzee leagueg ot 


a hoer ſatu che pla 
d Delolation, toh 


bled with pee, a 


: out (eles theree 


moneth. 
The third okt 
which was the pl 


ere we came to 


nDavis.2, 


AMA. lobn Danis.2. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. , 


ich place we found 109 
a ich was taken, The relation of the courſe which the Suunſhine a barke of fiftic 

mid tunnes, and the Northitarre a {mall Pinneſſe, being two veſſels of the fleete 
d chey leene great of M. lebn Dauu, helde after hee had ſent them from him to difcouer the paſſage be- 

tweene Gromelandand J/land, written by Henry Morgan ſeruant to M.Willéam Sander. 

7 Cote fon of London, 
| | i be fcuenth day of May 1586. wer departed out ol Dartmouth 
0 7 . eil ales, to wit, the Mermaid, the S unſhine, the Mooneſhine, ¢ the Nan foe Map. 
e ankered in loure Inche sunſh ine were ſixteene men, toh 9 


Patter, Marke Car 


cca 
¢ 
e the byutith pro. 
ela bare 1 
} 
ile, at the noyſe 
: llaine wich their 98500 

re 3 ere i „ Dauis 
per aaa dur General . Dauis tu diuide his fleete, himſelle fapling to the Monthwert, paps ere ne n ane 
QOS? Sunthine, wherein A was , and the penneſle called the N orchſtarre, to ſecke ap Nozthward Ps frag 
mgbty tempel berweene Groenland and jſſand to the latitude of 80, degreeg, if land did nat let vs. Oo the fe. 2-Parte. 
noneth very ey uenth day of June wee departed from them : and the ninth of the fame we athe to a fieme land or of Sune 
Tout War anker Ice, which we coatter along the ninth, the tench, and the eleuenth dayes of June: and the eleuen 
heir may. Het in nah ar Gre of the clocke at night we ſaw land which wag verb bigh, which akterward we Knew to Wand betceps 
ur, ane ſentbaa be +t : 17 ee twelft dap we ha rboured there, and found manx people: che land lpeth Catt and d 
ve (abo that G0 andy AOU ines degrees. ö 60 degrees, 
noꝛchwelt, Scatefith: of all which thep bad great ſtoze. They had allo Kine, ſheep, and hol ir moditics. 
505 sai cattell, and foꝛ their h ve aten bap foe ther 
u Son mercie, 


ö les fo2 to 
gs fo) to catch ith ag wel . 
They han alfo Halen kettles anp girdles andy ede haue here in England. 


urſes made o leather, and kn . 
ker⸗ und Hatcbets,and oxber finall tootes agueceftary 1 Apes on them of cop 


8 às we haue. They dʒie their ih in e 

aud when they are dy, they packe them bp in the top oktheir houteg, It we —— here 
11 Aithing moze then we doe, we ſhould make it. very good vopage ; for wee got an hundzeth e 
* — Mone mozning. Mee found heere two Englich men wich a ſhippe which came out ol Eno. 
5 he boone land about Cafter day of this pꝛeſent peere 1 586, and one of them came abooꝛd of bg, and bꝛo 
ire binnen and vs to lambs. The Englich maus name was P. ohn Roydon of Ipſu ich 
be merciful n, bound for London with 


Dis thip. Auochis isthe imme of char which a outer mneber war o tn Roy. 


ube the pat 
at all, — 
d without fur: 
. * 6 
ue ag the Cary „ud it w Gronetand d 
be gaineſu 5 f becauſe we were cauered. 
4 ag i tnere af pre which was along the hearts fine + hin we were within 
vto command. thee leagues of the land, coatting pe lame diuers vapes together. The ſeuenteenth day of July 
ne wer ſaw the place which aur Captaine p. lohn Dauis the peere bete ban named The land 1 5 
cn Hachen, where we cpu not ure on hore kim vee. The eighteenth day we Wwerelikewite troy. Duos 
md bled with yee, and went in amongſtit at cree of the clocke in che monung. Alter wee baveleaven 
ö F cbereok, wee ranged all long the coatt of Defolacion until the ende of the atopefapa se: etm 
— 4 0 
i The third of day Auguſt we cathe in fight ol Gilbert: found in latinbe of 64. deg. r 5. ot Jur. 
U. Th which was the place where wee were che J. deg. 1 5. min. ungud. 
e 


nted to meete our G amm the reſt al : 
Here we came co an harhorough at 6,af the clocke ati, em the ren of our Fleete 
. we The 


The 


with 6. ol 

three dead people, and two of ch 

about chem and the other had nothing lying by, wherefore we thought it was a wom 

Che pontes of faw their houſes ueere the Bea five, which were made wich pieces of wood on both li 
Gronland, feo ouer with poles and then touered ouer with earth 

as fop the place it is thoken land all the way that we w 

The 2. ol Augutt che Malter ſent che boate on 

were one and thirtie of the people of the countrey 

to kill them as we thought, fop they thot their dar 


hip did 


ith the Sa 


nages. ag foone as they did come to ttrike th 


Harborough where we arriued fire, 


The 


The 


Serte mood the Iſlands e ſome ſimall pieces 
found, 


them before, and they would haue taken the boate from him perfoꝛc 


2 thirmith ber their partes , and lohn Fi 


tween the Sas ; 


wagrsaub — Agalne, and foure of our men went into the Hhipboatc, and 
out men. but our men tooke one of their pcople in his boate into the 


bꝛeſts, and he that was aboozd our boat, was ſhot in with 


ten with 


ſtaues, whome our men caſt oucrboor , but the people 
code vpon their boates and the other two allo, 
on ſhoze hard by vs, where they had their dogs, and thole thee came aw 
prettntlp one of their dogs came lwimming towa 
Her cauten the Gunner to ſyooꝛe off one ok the gre 
ned backe to land and within an houre after there 


would not come to vs as thiy did come befoze. 


The 3 1. of Augult we departed from G 

the harboꝛough there tame alter vs 

f The 2. of Septemb 

VBeptemder. The third day at nigh 

Chepinnete lay a hull tarping ſoꝛ them the 4 

ned home. he 5. day Southſoutheaſt and 
Clere in Ireland. 


ned home. 


The o. day we entred into dur one chanell. 
The 2. of October we had light of the Ille of Might. 


The; 


we coaſted all along the ſhoze, and the 4. and 3. 


but hurt none of them 
Diuers times they viv waue vs on ſhoze to pla 
— 17 45 ball, and ſome of our company went on ſhoze to play wich them, and our m 
e ball. And thus much ol that which 


23. dap wee Departed from the Merchants Iſe, where wer had beene 
from thence was South ¢ by Ctett, and the wind was Noztheaſt, and we ra 
about 5.02 6. leagues, vntill we came to 
24. about eleuen of the clocke in the foxenoone wee entred into t 


and fo departed from v 


rds vs hald abooꝛd the 
at pieres towards the p 
came of the people hard 


ylberts found fo 
7. of the people lookin 
er we loft fight of the land at 12,0f tt 
t we loft fight of the Northſtarre o 
dap, but could heare no mor 
layling vntill the 27. ol the 


no The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, MA. Joh. Danis. 2. 
B; ⁵ aumento ne 


4 day in the morning the Malter went on (hore with o. 
foure of the people rowing in their boats abooyd of the ſhip. And 
our men, and there came to vs ſeuen ol them when we 
em had their ſtaues lying by th 


— 
of his men, and thy hought vg 
n the afternoone J went on fhore 
were on land. Ute found on fhoye 
Cm, aud their olde fhinnes wynpped 
an. Cle allo 7 
es, and crol. 
we found Fores running vpon thebilles; 
ent, and full of bꝛoken Flandg, ae 
ſboze fo wood wi 
which went on tho 
tes towards them, and we th 
(ee them goe on (hope to our men: whereupon the Malter ſent the pinn 
when they ſaw che pinneſle comming towards them, they turned backe, a 
neſle did thoote off a caliuer to them che fame time, 

Our men plap onely to put them in feare, 


ch fire ol his men, and there 
e to them, g they went about 

at were abood the 
ele after them, and 
d the after of the pin. 
» £0} his meaning was 
with them at the for: 
en did caſt ihem downe 
we did {ee and do in that 


ntooker 
che rlocke. ad 
and after we rereiued thele 4 
tes which wee had boughtak 
e, and when they ſawe dep 
and ſtroke one of dur men with oneck 
with an arrow. And (hep tam tong 
they thot with their partes at cur nan. 
and he hurt one ol them with 
ook thes ve hurt with arrowes inthe 
Had hurt with a ſwoꝛd and bez 
be him and carrird himon 
hꝛee of them went 
ay from their dogs, any 
thip whercupon our spe 
cople, and lo the dag lu. 
abooꝛd the thip, but they & 


2 England, and when we came duk 
g which way we went. 


ur pinneſſe in a very great forme, ao 
eotthem, Thus we ſhaped our couſe Be 
ſayd moneth, we came in light ol Ce 


The 


irt, and dir coe 
n that day and night 4 


wood byon | 
at Marts hoꝛucg, 
As fo2 the boneg 


ANd ſome white, as J ebinke they be ou 
value meuertheleſſe J haue bꝛought eramples of them to you. 


„ 


FFF 


Noꝛtheaſt, E 
olf from che f 

The 16. 
to bs after the 
gan to ſet vp t 
from Londor 

The 18. p. 
went about att 
and gliſtering. 
poong fellow, 


— 
b. Daui g. 2. 


nd tt. y bought s The 6, of the ſayd moneth ol October wee came into the riuer of Thames as Matlicke 
ne went an hee m laletle God be thanked. 
on tho hag 1 ‘ 
ny Hohn > = Thethird voyage Northweſtward, made by M. John Dauis Gentle. 
Awoman, CAlt alo man, as chiefe Captaine & Pilot generall, for the diſcouery of a pafli 0 0 
both lides and crol⸗ Mles ot the Adoluceas, ot the coaſt of China,in che ycere 1587, Written by Milo Lanes, 
2 the hilleg: g May. 
nds, ae : 
and there be 19. ol this pꝛeſent moneth about midnight wee weyen our ſet 
pg went about and Departed ftom Dartmouth with two Barkes and a cher, the — 
at were abooꝛd the med the Elizabeth of Dartmouth » the other the Sunnefhine of London, and 
elle alter them, and o. Clincher called the Helene ol Londõ : thug in Gods name we fee lo wards 
Patter ol the pin. BR. SECT wind at Nuitheatt a good feet gale, About 3. houreg depar⸗ 
bis meaning wag ture, che night being fometwhat thicke with darknelle, we hab loft the pumelle: 
h them at the foot. Suing char che men bad runne away with her, willed the Malter of che Sun 
d caſt ihem Downe SDeatwards,and fee if we could neferp Mem, webearing in with the thuye fox Plim⸗ 
b fee and do in that th we deferien ber, bare wich ber and Demanded what the caute mag: chey anfives 
of their helme was burt, So ſhaping our courte actetth we went for. 

rf, and our courte Ward, hoping that a hard beginning would make a good ending, pet ſome al vs were doubtkull al 
that day and night chat the was a Clincher; neuer elelle we Put our ert in ‘ 

1 The 21 we met with the Red Lion of London, which came om the roatt of Spaine, which 
refapd new harbo | e han bene men of warre, but we bailey Cnt and alter a little conference we bes 
we were come in, | er to carie our letters for London urrerted to my vncle Sanderfon » who 
ough, and where vs a fate deliuerie. And after wee heauer them a lead lin ereunto wee had made faſt 
tes of wood byon | elmethep cout get them into the Ahip,thep fell inta the pea, dla all our labour and 
cat Parts bores, | ag loft; notwithlkanding ep ee C0 certifie our departure at London, and fo we 

As ſoz the bons Departed, anv the fame day we had light 1215 The 22. che wind wag at Noztheaſt by Catt 
of faive weather, and ſo the 2 J. ad 24. the like. Theo J. we lapd our fhipg on the Lee fon the 
inte they be oo . bao — a comaging fo) alcake, they had 500, lachen at che punpe in awatch, 

1 e a * 

en 13 The 26, and 27. wee han faire weather, but thig 29, che pinnettes was blowen ouer⸗ 
Seen 7 0 7 pst A a, the 1 — tower te i al tas fo much hiagged of by the ohmerg 
; ru tepmt e tame out of England, e was like a cart w 
e 2 times we towed her becaute the could not fatle fox {cant wind. ae Sens, 


enthep awe cho The zr. day our Captaine atken lethe pimette were ttanch, peerſon anf 
x fonrething 


wered that the was ag 
neck; found and ttanch as a cu. This made vs glau when we lawe ſhe would 
men wich oneck 2 „ Hocke the 
diheptam os Dien, and was not leake. 
artes at our nan: 0 Tune, 
pe ottbern wih i Paro, babes tee ban fate neater ater that y Daves wee bab fugge ano rant, 
imc El nae being Souths The ra. wer han cent went. Kbecpmmerg in the Sunnethine 
werten mm end che Matter could noe agree e the Mariners would goe on thet: vopage a fithing, becaufe che 
zer or chem wr Pere began to watke t the Matter would not depart till her ban che companie of the Elizabeth, 
itheir dogs aw whereupon the Patter told our Captaine that her was afrapy bis men hall hape fome contrary 
ereupon our e HS cen wegen e ana Coe out lee, Nelengibyaftecnmel rate am many throne 
, 75 14. 6 at fue of che ein ning, being v 
e moun oh Calne esd h OE Wiha, ergeben ribtefometne aan ey 
5 ortheatt, Eallnozthealt, and Nozth: but we imag out ſelues 
n we came out of 5 oan chethope.” 5 5 obe ran iar 
. 5 16, we came to an anker about 4.02 . ol the clocke after none, the 
reat ftoyme, au Ten Let ey coping louie, and etn bee ———— 


baped ou cue kan zenden Miele tbat Pecrion franary at Dartmourt 
tntight of Cag 0 from London. 755 


The 18. peerſi ams Catpet ters f U plankeg, 
bo a arte ge l 


The Ke The 


AA. lohn Dauis.3. Traffiques, and Difcoueries, 9 


III 


were found blacke m fale on 
ang feln, be. al — — —— cen 4 


a 


uz The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, AA. Ion Danis.3, 
. ̃ 7 . . 


Che 20. about two of the clocke in the moꝛming, the Wauages came to the Illand where our 
phimace was built readle to bee launched, and tone the two vpper ſtrakeg, and carried them away | 
onelp fo the loue of the pron in the boo ds. &Cihile they were about chis practife, we manned the 4 
Elizabeths boate to goe a fhope to them : our men being either alrapd op amazed, were ſo long be. He 
fore they came to (hone, that our Captaine willed them co fay, and made the Gunner glue fire to a Ot 
Maker, and lapd the piece leuell with the boate which the Bauages had turned on the one Ude be. 
cauſe wee ſhould not hurt them with our arrowes , and made the boate their bulwarke agatutt the 
arrowes which we thot at them. Dur Gumer haung made all things readie, gaue fire to the 
piece and fearing to hurt any of the people, and regarding the owners profite, thought betike bee 
would laue a Makers (hot, doubting wee ſhould haue occafion to fight with men of warre, and fo 
ſhot off the Baker without a bullet: we looking Mi when the Mauages that were hurt ſhould run 
away without legs, at length wee could perceiue neuer a man hurk, but all hatung thet legges 
could carrie away their bodies : wee had no fooner thot off the piece, but the Maſter of the Sunne. 
fhine manned his boate, and came rowing toward the Illand, the very fight of whom made each 
of them take that hee had gotten, and flee away as falt as they could to another I ſland about two 
miles off, where they tooke the naples out ol the timber, and left the wood on the Iſle. when we 
came on ſhoꝛe, and ſaw how they had ipoiledthe boat, alter much Debating of the matter, we agree: 


ed that the Elizabeth ſhould haue her to lich withall whereu pon the was pꝛelently caryed abo d, klo n the y 
und ſtowed. | fo che dill 
Nou after this trouble, being reſolued to depart with the firtt wind, there fell out mother mat. extreme fo 
ter woyle chen all the reit, and that was in this maner. John Churchyard one whom our Captane might haut 
had appopnecd as pilot in the pinnace, came to our Captaine, and matter Bruton and told them | coalt,the w 
shat the poem — we mut all hazard our lines in, had chee hunted ſtrokes at one time as muanker, t 
the rode in the harbour: Chis diſquieted vs all greatly, and many doubted to goe in her, At length fF) rowing aft 
out Captaine bp whom we were all to be gouerned, determined rather to end his life wich credit, | — fkinnes ane 
shen to returne with infamie and difgrace and fo being all agreed, wee purpaled to liue and die tu · ode, as the 
gether, and committed our felues to the hip, Mow the 21. hauing bꝛought all our things abooꝛd, x | gaue theme 
about 11.02 12. of che clocke at night, we let ſalle and dexarted from thole Illes, which lie in 64. The 14. 
rana. degreen oflatitune, our (hips being all nom at Beg, and wee Shaping our courfeto gde, coat ſ(eet ol fome 
nr, the land to the Ronthwerds vpon the Calterne thore,twhich we callen the fhore of our Marchanes, wich che bar 
aa traffiqued with vs, but here wee were not without doubt Ea 3 
of our ſhip. a 0 ; 
Stole of The 24. being ins 7. degrees, and 40. minutes, wer had great tone of Thales, and akinde al uu the mouth 
. fea bits which the Mariners call Cortinous. This day about fire of the clocke at night, we eſp⸗ 22. wee coal 
ed two ol the countrey people at Bea, thinking at the fir they had bene two great Seales, untl! Jorchweik t 
wee ſawe their oares glittering with the Sune: they came rowing towardes vs, as faſt as they bottome ok th 
could, andwhenthep came within bearing, they held vp ther oares, anverped Iiyacute, making achte pat 
many fignes : and at lalt chep came to vs, giuing vs birdes for braceletg,and of them J had adarte degrees We 
with a bone in it,o9 a piece of Cinicons hope. as J did iudge. This dart he made fone ol, but wyen the Sea. Tl 
he fat a knife, he let it gu. being move deli ous of the knife chen of his dart: chele people continucd Paſter Brute 
rowing after our ſhip the {pace of 3. hawꝛes. | np Graues ar 
The 25, in the mowing at /. ot the clocke we veſcrier 30. Savages rowine after vs, being by The 26. w 
iudgement 10. leagues off from the (hope : they bꝛought vs Salmon Peales, Birdes, and Caplin, The 29. we w 
amd we gaue them pinnes, needles, Marclets, nailes,kniues, bels, locking lattes, and other {mall we vere in 62 
tritlen, aum fop a knife,a natle o) a bpacetet, which they call Ponig mah, they would fell then boate, lu on the thon 
conte. on anp thing they had, although they were fare from the thore, Tee had but few Chines finde, which! 
of them, about 20. hut they made fignes to vs that if wee would Hoe to the ſhoꝛe, wee ſhould haue ruttes, the we 
| Mioetione of Chichſanege: they ſtayed with vs til 11. of the clocke, at which time wee went to though a pis 
aper, and thepeparten fram vs. n a The z 1.48 
The 28, and 29. were loggie wich cloudes, the 30, nap wee toche che heigth, and found our thole ouerkals v 
7adegrzanin, Clues in 7. beg rern and 1 2. minutes of latitude both at noone and at night, che Dumme being 3. ce betweene v 
Aham erbe, Depvers aboue che Pauzuu. At mionighe the compalle fet ta the variation of 28. degrees tothe abe mates on 
compate. Cielttwarn, sow hang coutten the land, which wee called London coaſt, from the ara ot thig pee which we l 
Londoncoat, ppelent, till the 30. the Sea open all to the IMeltwards and JAonthwards , the land un ſtarboom went. This da 


fine Catt from vs, the wine thitten to che ore), whereupon we lett dharthore, naming the Came were the meetin 
ab ak Hope Sanderfon, and ſhaped our courte Get, and Fahne 40. leagues ann better withourrhe igt 

Korpor d wip land. 42545 5 7 — 5 5 
3 


deagues. : july. 


Danis... 


and where our 
led them away 
we manned the 
ere lo long bee 
er giue fire to a 
the one fine be 
the agatuſt the 
aue fire to the 
ught belike bee 
fwarte, and fo 
hurt ſhould run 
ng their legges 
ol the Sunne 
hom made each 
land about two 
Mle, when we 
tter, we agree: 
taryed abooꝛd, 


t another mat: 
our Captaine 
and told them 
At one time ag 
ber, At length 
e with credite, 
liue and die to: 
hinge aboon, 
ich lie in 64. 
goe, coating 
r Merchants, 


without doubt 


and a kinde of 
ght, we eſpi⸗ 
Deales, vntill 
is fat as they 
ute, making 
J had a darte 
e of, but waen 
ple continued 


vs, being by 
and Caplin, 
ID other {mall 
their boate, 
fen ſkinnes 
e ſhould haue 
wee went to 


nD found our 
mne being 5, 
grees to he 
he 21. of this 
on ſtarbood 
ing the ſame 
our the ſight 


luly. 


a 2 fecoitD OF July wee fell witth a mightie banke of yce it trom vs, lying Moꝛth 


free on the Cet ſide as we though, which falling eu. jcetoule,cauten vs to return 
Raped there betweene the pee, The 7. and the 8. about midnight, by Gong 
open Oea, the weather being faire aud talme, and fo was the 9. The 10 
1. was foggie, but calme. 


from the pte, we determines to (oe with che ſhoare and come to an ank aD $02 G. dayes 
fo che dilloluung of they haz ung that the Sea continually beating it, and the Dunne with the 
extreme force ol heat ru uch it hav alwayes ſbiuing vpon it, would make a quicke di 


Qleſterne tore, JQow when we were come ta the Eaſterne ol the L une. 


5 


5 


5 


might haue a further (each upon the 
coaſt, the yoy 2 * — of 8 conpanie fearefull wi 
an anker, but bare off into the ea againe. The poore people ſeein vs at 
rowing after vs into the Dea, the waueg being fometohn lati, tte cree wh then ts 1 
fkinnes and dartes, and gaue them beads alles pinmes, needles and cardes they poynting to the 
fhore, as though they would thew vs fome great endſhip: but we little regard 

gaue them the gentle farewell, and fo departed. 


n 
n 


eee eee e 
. 


ſet of ſame current, fo wee were dziuen fire points beyond our courte cd eft, Che tees oz the 


ate ein te 


M.Fohn Dauis.3. Traffiques and Dilcoueries, 


July. 


Soh, which hanke wee would gladip haut doubled out to the Moꝛthwardg, b 
would not lutker vs, lo that we were fame to cvalt it tu the Southwars, hoping to 


OO» reſoi⸗ 
eed of our pretended purpole. won 


Che 3. wer fell with che yce againe, and putting off trom it, we fought to the Nozthwardg, but 
the wind crolled vs. 


The . was koggle: ſo was the g allo with much wund at the Moth. 
The o. being very cleare, we pwr our barke with ogreg though a gay in the pte, ſeeing the Ses 


e atter we had 
helpe we recouered the 
we Coatted the pee, The 


The 12. we coalted agu e the vee, hauing the wind at Nofthnozthweſk. Che x 3. bearing off 


and to ff 


m for a few 
Jarding cheir curteſle, 
The 14. wee had the wind at Douth. The 1. there was fone fault either in the b 
6. wee fell Ty 


where riding at anker 
ac dlhale palled by our thip and Went Ulett in among the Illeg. Heere the con raf tie Coe 
ee oh iy re me 5 thas ip a atte ſet at thirtie Cumbetlands 


ug and ouerfalling , ag if it were the fall of fome great water South 


K 3 Auguſt. bas. e 


Il 
— 


and A mighete 


UE the wende ng g 


double! ; 
chat wee might haue run fo farve Aelt till wee had found land, oz els to haue beene th geit out, and Soup 


were byte 
Cher 9. at one a clocke af: uen el fir 


‘ The variation 
apꝛe being extreme hot. 
Satter Bruron andfome of the Partners went on thoave to wurlevogs, where thep fam bot. beg e 


ny Graues and Trane ſpilt on the ground, the dogs being fo fat that th 


The 26, wee had a pꝛety tome, che winde being at Southeat, The 2 and 28, 
The 29.Wwe were cleate out of che freight, hauing coatten the South thore ann this u were cates 


we were in 62. degrees of latitude. The 30, mthe akternoone wee coaſted a banke of pce, whi 
mn bya great banke op Ince, which ap been. 63 ares Oo Klan ten. 
titude, which we called Lumlies Inlet. Me had oftentimes as, we ſailed along tt 


» where they founn ma⸗ 30.beg. Wel 


a 


ur Ihe Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, Al. Lob. Dauis. 3 
—— ———— ele D m.. 


Auguſt. 


Chidleys cape. 1 ibid we fell w 
; which! 


e lond Dar. 
And. 


$ GHC as a good pꝛety 
Gland J killed with my 


the morning we law thꝛee op foure white beares, but durſt not go on ſhoze to them 
good boat. Chis dap we ſtroke a rocke feeking fox an harboꝛow » AND receiued a 
leake: and this day we were in 54 degrees of latitude. f a 

The 14 we opt our leake in a opme not very outragious, at none. 

The 15 being almoſt in 32 degrees oklatituve, and not finding our ſhips, nop (accopding to 
their pꝛomile) anp kinde of marke, toben, oz beacon, which we willen themto fet bp, and theypꝛo 
teſted to to fo vpon euery head land, Illand 02 Cape, within twenty leagues cucty wap off from 

Chefithing — their fiſhing place, which our captaine appointed to be betweene 54 and 55 degrees: This 15 J 

24 and f bn lap we ſwaped our caurſe home wards foz England, hauing in our hip but lit le wood, and balfe 

dude att: à hogſhead of frech water, Dur men were very willing to depart, and no man moze fozward 

8 then Peerſon, for he feared to be put oUt of his office of lewardſhip: but becauſe euerp man was 
fo willing to depart, we contented to returne foz our owne countrep : and ſo we hadthe 16 faire 
weather, with the winde at Sourhwerf, n a 

Abundance ot The 17 we met a ſhip at fea, and as farre as we could iudge it was a VBiſkaine: we thought the 

bebte 2 went a fiching for whales; for in 52 degrees oꝛ thereabout we ſaw very manp. 

bens. Che 18 was faiee, witha good wale at Cert, 

The 19 faire alſo, with much winde at Creek and by South. 

Then arrine And thus alter much variable weather aud change of winds we arriued the 15 of September 
he gor sep. in Dartmouth anno 1587, giuingth sto God koz our fafe arriuall. 
tember. 


A letter of the ſayd M. John Danis written to M. Sanderfon of London 


concerning his forewritten voyage, 


Dov M. Sanderfon, with Gods great mercp J haue made my ſale returne in 
healch, with all my company, and haue failed thꝛeeſcoze leagues further then 
J my deternunation at mp departure. J haue bene in 73 degrees, finding the 


N ſea all open, and forty leagues betweene land and land. The pallage is mot pyc⸗ 
a bable, che execution eaſie, as at my comming you ſhall fully know, 
Heſterday the 15 of September J landed all wearp; therefore J Pray pou 


pardon my thoptnefte, 
Sandridge this 16 of September anno 3 587. 


U 


Vours equall as mine owne, which 
by trial you thal beft know, 
_ Toun Davis. 


Atrauerfe-booke 


e che 24/2 
74 
ne the 20] 


. ethe 2772 
the 20072 
.— 
ö 
1120 
224 
ethe 2/8 | 


ö ethe 5/48] 


ethe 972 
ethe 10.24 
ethe 11024 
e the 1224 


ne the 14024 
Bnethervel2a| 
me 
nt ethe 76240 
ethe 18/48] 
ethe 197A 


8 


he the 0 
. 


aac (ic 70024 S, 


oh. Dauis., 


t the mouth of this 
ed Chidleis cape, 
me and foggie, fo 


ale inthe mozning. 


ale at Melcnozth⸗ 
lled by vs Darcies 
zue killed ſome of 
nd, they tooke the 
be perceiuen that 
t could not carrie 
eas a good pꝛety 
Akilled with mp 


on ſhoze to them 
1, and receiued a 


02 (accoꝛding to 
bp, and thep pꝛo. 
(ety way off from 
ees: This 15 J 
wood, and halfe 
n moze foz warn 
euery man was 
e hadthe 16 faire 


: wethought the 


ok September 


n of London 


fafereturne in 
es further then 
es, finding the 
age is mot pres 
iy, 


oe A pray pou 


which 
OW, 
Davis, 


auerfe-booke 


F SCA, %% 


oe „ 


Lobn Dau. 3. Traffiques and Dilcoueries, 


N Hleuationof | 


8 8 
als ala ed 

e che 24024. 5 E Moxtterip|a ! | 67 lao D. S. E. 

21 | | ee 
ne the 20045 8 „ 42 
E S. . 
7 . . E. 1% D. 

% N. 18 C 

. E. V 
| _The true courfe,&c. for hour 


t 72 houres, 


Were the weather was ve 
we met two ſaus 


2, 


142{ 72 [12 | 


700 eee 
* 3 


ꝛoſciy S err ae (32.40. bp. 5 | 
2244 S. E. 112121 


ethe 2/8 | N. H. Cl. 111071 [40 | N. | This bap we file rein- withthe ce, Geking ov 
ethe 5/48] S. SE, 26 I 


Tb true courſe. &c. 
4a] S. Sf. 22 69] | Cariable, 
7 
gi | 
ethe 9/72] CF. S. E. |7 [68 
ethe tol24] S. E. by S. 18 | 68 | 
ethe 11024 E. N. G. 


Ine true courte, &. Since the at of this monect 
led the {hore of Gronland, hauing the fea allopen towards the Wielt, and the 
land on p Batboo;s ſide Galt from me Foz thele lalt 4 Dapes the weather bath 
bene extreame bot and very calme. the Sun being 5 Degtees abone the bol zon 
at mibnighe. The compatfe in this place varleth 28 degrees toward p elt. 


This vap at noone wee coalled a mighty banke of ice 


A yaue continuatiy coa 


The true courte, &c. 
He from vs. 


uble it out bp the Mort, 


The true courſe. &c. g 


é This day the People came to vs off the ſhoze, and bartered wit bs. 
witbin tbe les, o not finding good ankozage, we bare offagaine into dein 
S, The true courſe Te. 


JJJFFFFFFTTTTTT 
The truecourfe,&c, This Dap a great current fet vs Cell 6 points from 
| [our courte. 


grethe 16/24] w byw weterts[32/67 | To | 2) 
ethe 18/48] S. y cc. [20166 [92] 99, 


ether: ANN. ſoutherlv. Ir 165 20 : 
272 B 


| The tue courfe,&c. This day ine fell ih a minhtp banke of ice cTeſt of bg, 


_The eue courſe, & e. Collected by diuers experiments. 

The true courfe. &e. Cbis 1 9 of July at one a clocke in the aftrrnaone toe 
had fight of the and of Mount Ralegh, and by 12. of the clocke at niche wee 
mere thinare the Streighta. which (hy Bons beine) I diſcanerep the firſt yere. 


The ꝛ0 day wet tranerſed in the mouth of the Capp Stteigbts with a con 
trate winde, deing cieſt, and faire weather. 
— — — ee iit PRT Rear cf sea es wea peuaen — 
This 23 day at 2 of the Clocke in the afternoone. bauſng ſalled so lengues 
~ | Morhwelk. we onkeren amonm an here number of ified titra in the bottame 
* Seas of the fave ſuppoſed vaſſage. at which place the ater tifeth 4 favome vpꝛtghy. 


—— 


nS Te ad tue rode at anker, a great whale pattern bps, and ſwam Creſt in a · 


——— [mone the les. In this place a S. NA. bp c. 
the compaſſe varied 30 degrees. 


maone maketh a full fea. Here 


— — N 
| The 24 Dav at cof the clocke inthe moming tue fet faite. peparting from 
rl ~——————————=-— | bis place,and fhaping our courſe D. E. to recouer the maine Ocean againe, 
— — — 
N. 


— 5 
bis 2¢ we were hecalmen almolt in the bottome of the Dtreights, o hap 
the weather marue llous extreame hot, 


— cea 
Ce der teine inthe Streſabta. we had a herp quicke forme. 
‘Beina Mittin the Srreinhe,we bad this day faire weather, 


. At this pꝛeſent we dot cleere of the Sreeinhts, pauing coalenthe South 
~~" T Hore the land trendag from bence S. N. by G. i 


re the 29] 


VP 


1 


ee Gig | 
| 


his var tue conften the fhore.a banke of fce {ping thereupon, Alſo this 30 
aly in the afternoone we croffen otter the entrance 02 mouth of a great in · 
tor paſlage, being a0 Wagues broad. and lituate berweene 62 56 degrees. 
In tohich place ie bad 8 ot great rates, currents 0} ouerkals, lothſomip cry. 


ina like the rare of the woters bnder London bꝛloge, and dending their coutſe 
into the Tapn eutfe. 


18 TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, Ad.fohn Dau 


Moneth 2 


i |THE DISCO VRS 


N. CA. Abs 31 at neene, comming clote bp a tot land o7 great cape, we fy 
might tale, where an ifland of ice was carried by the Fogce of the cue 
falt as our barke could (aile with lum wind, all faites (rearing. Than 

te was the molt Soutberäp timte of the gulfe which we palfed ower tir 
ok this moneth, ſo was it the Meth promontory ox fir beginning el 
verpgreat inlet, wbole South {init at this pretene wee ſaw not. ceri 
02 gulke this afternoone, and in the night, we pafled ouer: tohere to 
admiration we fain the fea lalling dolon into tbe mutfe with a migbey 
— fand coping and with diners elrcülar motions like wöitlepoolcg, in lach 
| | forcible ſitæames paſſe thotom the arched of hainaed. 


33 


Noone the 1240 S. E. by D. | sci ror courte te, Tis Get of ug we fer with the nim 
NX 0 61 26 CLariahlo, | tbe Gard gulfe on feconn peflage, hauing caafled by piuers courtes fis 
Noone the Tas D. D. E. 16 60 26 Uariable. g en beste fi bein tien amt erte, dh 


Nower e 6|72| &.¢.Souber, [22/59] 35 |@laviabte to caime. | The truecou:fe, &c, 
oS 72 S. E. 278 40h Ti. S. dci. Thetruecourfe.ac, 
8024 E. lrals8fr2] efor. The true courſe, Tc. 
924] D. by ddl. 135720 Clurlable g came. The true courſe. Te. 
10024] &, S.. 2754 S. cl. by A. The true coufſe. Kc. 8 


11 S adertb. 4 ss 11 COAG. | Thetrue coffee. 
1224 . E altcrlp. 20 7422 Ti. S. c. The true courſe. Ec. 


12240 O. S. F. la ca [ MN. CGI. Chis dap (eehing fon our ſbips that went to Afb, we frooke on an 
among manp iles, ann had a great feat. 


iI Elevation of 
8 de pole. 
8 8 
> 8 


Iuly. 


— 1 — eg 


fl . a 
N. 24] O. G. E. [28] <2] 40 i Cote ap we flopped our leake in a forme. f 
N pone the 14/24] ® S € | | 3 4 .. | wi dee sa begrees cane and NN 
| | out courte for Englend in Band name, as follewerh * 
*Noone’ 150 52/12] S. S. f. The true ſatitude. 


16/20) EfC er halfe peintf. 50 54] | S. II. _Thettuecourle,&c,_ 

17124 E. by S. [z30[so[4o[ S. Ibe nue coutſe te. Chis d tbe Banke w 

— —..— f VVV ether forthe Grand bay op fortby patlege deckend 
j eee eee ee, Theenie eme — 


1 9240 E baie pont math 51051 25 |Gaviable W. 5 . The true courſe, &c. 
ie 20/24] T. S.. 2150] D. AH. The true courſe, &c. 


Noonethe 22/48! E. by . 680520 S. Sd. The truc courle,&c. 
2 ſzaſe n b 3 52 | 52 The ttue courſe, &c. 

The true courte, Be. This 24 of Auruſt obferuinu the varia, 

be tompaſſe to vary towatds the Ealt, from the true Meridian, en 

Tue ttue courſe, &c. for 72 houres, 

Noone the 20048 47] §U] 28 [cdertabie . S A] The true cone. Kc. 
Noone the 21/48|@.e bve.@alterly.[t4] ¢t 10 | Gartable, | Therrueconte.&e, 
September 2/43/G. snouthertp[65] 51 | N. CU. | Thetrue courſe, & c. 


3] 24 [bre E24. 50 | $0, a 12.00, |The true courſe. &c. ae aa 


4.4 O. E. by E. 20 5021 N. RE. | The true courfe,&c, 
ae 24 E. by E. 1804948 F. N.. . Thetrurconr’s8e. Mow 
60240 Ebb S. [rs 49 40 IA. The true cout ſe, &c. 
004017. N. The true courle Kc. 
244 NE. fia 40 | 
94K. . Cl. 7 4% T 
8 Eb E. 8:40 28] Cariable, | 
11/24] N. E. by E. to[4o]as| Cartable. 
a RLS po . 


12/24] bo . fourteen. iC 40 47 M. F. 


C |_Ghis 1s of epténer 1587 we arfich at Dr : 1 


Ea 
Vader the title of the houres, where any number exceedeth 24, itis the fumme or cafting vp of fo many other dayes 
and parts of dayes going next before, as conteine the forefayd ſumme. 
— — — 


pnethe 26/24... 


dne the 27/24 feli 
dne the 280 


8 


Pretbe 2/28 Tcl 


ee 0 


K 


A. Fohn Dau 
O VRS 


tozt land or great cape, we fry 
} carried bp the Force of the a 
ind, all faites tiearing. Chis, 
julfe which we paſſed ower tg, 
monty oꝛ firſi beginning ef 
us pꝛeſent wee ſaw not. Ca 
t. we paſſed ouer: whete to 
into the gulfe with a migtyy 
tons like wbitlepoolt g, in (ys 
8 of hinge a. 


uguſt we fell with the prem 
oaficd by piuers courles fo 
fthar gutfe. 


nt to liſh, we Rrooke on an 


me. The rs of Auguſt at 
1 s 6 leagues from the {ho 
s felleweth * 


¢ Banke we meta Bi 
pe chaſed vs. 


— 


dnethe 2824 Ml dy N. 


ſt obſerulnu the bariation, 
om the true Meridian oy 


oures, 


— 


7 


ohn Pauls. 3. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


A TRAV ERS E-BO OK RE MADE By M. ena 


DA vs in his third voyage for the diſcouerie ofthe 
Northweft paſſage. Anno 587. 


— ... ĩꝛ»˙⅛˙⅛⅜ů . 
. N ase 
8 . 
nm 
rn piscovase 
— solzo] JAE. | hie vay we Departen tum Darrmouh atttaoof the darks atte 
ä N n 
f 5 1 — F | This dav we deſerlcd Silly LS. Ar bp cli Ahom ba, 
a - Mdina E. by E. f { y i 
GIG Re eT] 12 i Tnoone we departed from Silly. ee 
23/2 [T. . cd. 2 
2.4 by A. Tr, 
22/29) CCL PCa. 26 


— mene 2 cee we 


3 Al. 5. I. J; : nee and latitude, 
i M. N. qt. 2. i 


art ve lap boon the fee for the Sunhine, 


N 5 which deb talen leake of zoo 


caurſe, diſtance and latitude, 


| 
1 3 
[2 CAI. N. Ci. WWW 
. N. 0. 2 
7 3 . 


1 A. N. &. 4 
Is 


D S „ es ae 
mise eee pnethe 26 24 | U br S2.€2tettertp 23151 4 5 eee, 


— ä 5 
ur ſe line s to he ¢ 5 leagues 


Ji d. fie — — 
16 | (rca | 


—— — 
10 W Cte lav at hull twith mach winde Tame. and for, 


pnethe 27/ zac noitherlo. | = 55 
ee. ele zs | The common courte ſunpoſcd. 
Fade 28 eg 1 | Ale tawed che pümelfe 18 houres of this day 


boethe 29] 24] 
6 


ve arriucd at Dum 


ny other dayes 


13 8 The true courfe,diftance, 


AA. Fohn Dan 5 | 
SOV RSE 


: pon which coat mp 
ſelfe haue had molt xperience of any in our age $fo2 that 


implopen for the dif couery of this notable Pallage, by the honourable care 
and ſome charge of Sp Francis Walfingham king net 


trom divers trauerq 


graſſe o earth to be ſeene, and the ſhoze two 
— leagues off inco the fea fo full of Pte as that no ſhippi 


atitude for 96 hoy 


ppes, men of good ſtature, vnbear⸗ 
as Tignes would permit, we understood 


Ig aped our courle Tretmopthive 
thinking thereby to palle for China, but in the latitude of ſixtie {i rthivert 
code, and chere found another pallage of t 


joures, 


— fer Secretary Walſingham with the reſt of the honourable and 
dane eee dur proceedings, J was appointed againe the lerond yere to ſearch the bottome of this ſtraight. be⸗ 
eee aue by all ikelihood it was the place and bp vstabouren for, In this ſecond — 7 che che s.vopage, 
e Bata marchants of Exeter, and other places ol the Client became aduenturers in the a ein 

lufficiently furniſhed fop fire moneths, and hauing direction to ſearch theſe ſtraights, vntill we 

— found the fame to fall into another fea upon the Celt fine of this part of America, We ſhould a: 

gaine returne: 95 then it was not to be doubted but ſhippt i 
; fo China and e parts of Afia, Ale beparted from Dartmouth, and ariuin n the Do 

4 atin part of the coatt of Defolation coaſted the ſame vpon his Melt ſhoze to the Minh lake te 
be bigb land. Ths ive degrees, and there ancozed che Illes bonderi ed. 


N enrieka felues,the people of this place came likewiſe 
Bifconerp. From ming 


She Noth 
parts af Ame · 
rica,all 
Iſlands. 


purſe, when ſome of the com 
that I ſhould looſe the fauoꝛ of 9p 
one ſmall barke of 30 Tunnes, w 


Si proceeded on 


ming fo abundantly thicke about our barke as i 


portion of ſalt that we han, we pꝛeſerued ſome 
England. And hauing reported to M. S f 
hecommanded me to pꝛeſent vnto the mott honourable Low high Treaſur 
part of that fith: which when his Loꝛdſhip ſaw x heard at large the relation 
SI teceiued fauourable countenance from his h 
his Loothip concciuen a verp good opint 
fell from the Action, as all the CCietterne 
aduenturers both honozable c wozſhipfull continued their willing fauoꝛ ar 
meanes the next pere two ſhippes were 
The z. voyage. 


fection why bath no! Pauis diſctueren this pallage bei 
pꝛoceeded q; in wh 


to his very great 


panic haue bene flacke 


ama me cn eine F . 
20 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, IMA. Joh. Dauiſ. 


. ͤ᷑o—;DBͤ teTithseeneenet 
knowledge at one time dilburſed ag much money as any fiue others whatſocuer out of his owne 
in guung iu their aduenture: 
Secretary Walfingham, if I ſhould 
hereof . Sanderſon was owner 
my vopage, and arriuing at thele ſtraights fo 
I cane among manp Illands, where the water did ebe aud flow 
there had bene great trade of people to make traine, Wut b 
knew that they were not Chuſtiaus of Europe that 
our boat, we found ſmall ho 
ſted the hore to was the 
we found another great inlet ucere 40 leagues bꝛoad 
nelle, this we alſo thought might be a pallage: fo no doubt the Moꝛth p 
Illands by ought that J could perceiue th 
tuumnes, and che peere ſpent, J entren not into the ſame, 
but coatting the choze towardes the South wer faw 
filhermen abooy our barke they all concluded that 
uiden of fiſhing furniture with a long {pike nale 
founding lines, beloze the baite was changed we 


erein: but becauſe 


llow 


had vſed that 
e to paſſe any farther that w 
outh, and in ſo doing (oz it was too late to {ear 


where the water entr 
J was alone in 
an incredible num 
there was a 


made a hook 
tooke move then for 


in ſixetcene da 


The 


And alfo knowing 
fhaink from his directionzin 
alone without farther company 
ed the fame 80 leagues, vntill 
fire fadome bppight, and where 
things as there we found, wee 
trave: in fine by learching with 
ap, and therefore retouered the feu and coa: 
ch towards the Nozth) 
ed in wich violent lwilt⸗ 
artes of America are all 
a ſmall barke of thirtic 
toz it was now the ſeuenth of Deptember, 
ber of birds: hauing divers 
great Chull of fith, we being vnpo⸗ 
e aud fattencn the fame to one ot our 
tie great Cods, the ſiſy l wim⸗ 
8 incredible to bee reponten, of which with a ſmall 
thirtie couple, oꝛ thereaboutes, and fo returned for 
ecretarie Walfingham the whole ſu 


cceſſe ok this attempt, 
our of England, fome 
of this ſecond attempt. 
ite the action, of which 
ers ol che aduenturerg 
London: pet ſome of the 
id charge, ſo that by this 
inneſle for the difcoucrie, 
ucd at the place of fithing, 
Ulines, taking their faithtul 
be fine of Augult, and lo in 
pes the two ſhippes 
Without regard of their pꝛomiſe: 
ilcouerie, and followcnmy courle 
litude ok 67 degrees, and there q 
d Deſolation, Eaſt:ihen when J 
gulke: notwithſtanding deſſrous 
age enlarged, fo that J could not 


ans again 


8 which wa 


winde, chat h 
ger to ſuſtein 
men were far 
Theiinhabita 


colo and his 
uuhat part ot: 


themſelues co 


h,Dauis, 
tout of his owne 
ind alfo knowing 
n his directionzin 
farther company 
o leagues, vntill 
ght, and where 
e we found, wer 
y ſearching with 
D the feu and coa: 
ats the J2opth) 
th violent {wite- 
America are all 
l barke of thirtie 
of September, 
s: hauing divers 
we being vnpꝛo⸗ 
me to one ot our 
18, the fifth fwim: 
hich with a ſmall 
ſo returned fo, 
ok this attempt, 
f England, {ome 
ſecond attempt. 
action, ot which 
the aduenturers 
: pet ſome of the 
e, ſo that by this 
02 the diſcouerie. 
place of fiſhing, 
ing their faithlul 
luguſt, and lo in 
the two ſhippcs 
their pꝛomiſe: 
lowed my courſe 
ee, and there J 
aft:then when J 
anding veſiroug 
that I could not 
a, free from pre, 
out vnto mein 
ed, Salinon, 
nds of birds, as 
ſignes to know 
great ſea as we 
ts of America: 
the winde being 
ecing any thoye 
large vtry ſalt 
the place where 
Te referring my 
fur of any, God 
nanikeſt that the 
aniſh fleet e tn: 
ttempted. The 
to ſtay this ob. 
ed Dow far g 
P. Sanderſon 
mmendal ions. 
The 


M. Nic. & Ant. Zeni. Traffique 


The diſcouerie of the Iſles of Frifland, Veland,Engron 


Drogeo and Icaria: made by two brethren name 
Antonio his brother: Gathered out of their letters byM 


, and Difcoueries, 


ly M. Nicholas Zeno, andM, 


+ Francifce Marcolino, 


chere was in the Citie af Venice a famous Gen" 


dent Countellour : of whom velcenven 219. Pietro Cap 


Dragon, for that inhis hielo in ftean of a Manffone 
which mas bis armes at the fit, he bare a Dragon. He was father io fh. Carell 
mous IO ꝛocurato; and Captaine generall againſt the Genow bv MP. Carlo Il grande the fa: 


Pall che cheike wpinces of Euro. o did oppugne ann to 


being brother vnto M. Franciſco, M. Carlo, ꝙ. Battiſta, and P. Vincen 
9 l 


new not where he was, all at lengch he dilcouered land, and not b able 


ger to ſuſteine the Wiolence of the tempelk the thip was catt away 


wi 


bpon the Mle of Fee a 


e ſhi „ And i 0 at 
FF corsa Peek, 


ig great vertue and ſingular wiſe⸗ 


tatne common wealths of Italy. in 


s in choſe cruell warres, when ag 


Empire and liber⸗ 


rom his country from the pꝛelent perill it was in. heing ready to become a rep ade del 


er ſpoile vnto the 
id 

had wa ether, h 
illlied q. Caterino, the fz: 
chat died the laſt pere, 
20: ¶Mhich P. Cateri- 


weapons to ſet M. Ni- 136 
wing in 


The Seti 


121 


no ca 
von 
n Ann 


de in 
outeryes at Frilland with) 
fake in Larne ani en . 


wzacke there 
cane unto 


pete mera eae aig at they aue fe ratty are 


be tooke 


kuh. This was a great Low, any poſſeſſed cevtaine Illands called Porland 


fine ot Friſland. bei 


Great top, Cltberetoy 
wpon big 


lying auer agaunſt Scotland. 


OF 


no difcourtefie; and chat ito a Flute um and ipake 
—— be ep ete con latte a lace fit an 


vichett and mot ping on the South Zich ba fur: 
ing on che chmni pines 

* and populous of all thofe his 0 sce OF Porland ay 

| belive che laid little Fllanve he was Duke ol Sorani, Parts, bis name wag Zichmnis e Dune of Zorani, 


A 


ane nk — —æ3 ee ee en, ee 
122 The Engliſn Voyages, dc. N Nic. & Ant.Zenj, 


DE cheſe J2orth parts J thought good to dꝛaw the capie ofa Sea carde, which among other 
antiquities I haue in my houle, which although it be rotten though manp peeres , pet it talleth 
out indifferent well: and to thoſe that are delighted in thee things, it may lerue le; forme Light to 
the vnderſtanding of that, which without it cannot fo kaſtly be concetued. Zic hmni being Lorn of 
thole Spanopies (as is ſald) was a very warlike and valiant man and aboue all things famous in 
Dea caules, And hauing the pere before Nuen the ouerthꝛow to the king of Norway, who wag 

Frifandthe — Lowofthe Illand, being deſirous to wame fame by featesof armes, hee was come on land with 
ig of Nex bis men to giue the attempt for the winning of Frifland, which is an Illand much bigger chen 


all his men, charging the captaine to honour him and in all things to vie his coumſaile. 

This Nauy of Zichmni was of thirtcene veſſels, whereof two onelp were rowed with oareg, 
the vet ſmall barkes and one thip, with the which they ſayle to the TKeſtwards and with little 
paines wonne Ledouo and Hofe and diuers other {mail Allands: and turning into a bay called Sy. 
dero, in the hauen of the towne named Saneſtol, they tooke certaine ſmall barks laden with fh. 


And here they found Zichmni, who came by land wich his armie conquering all che countrey ashe 


went: they fapen here but a while, ard led on their courte to the Cleſtwards till they tanie to the 


chey ſalled, were in maner nothing but Wolds ¢ rocks in fo much that if . Nicolo and the Ticneti: 
au mariners bad not bene their Pilots che whole fleete in iudgement of all that were in it, had bene 


mam eee ogi cllofZichmnis men, intefpet of ours, who ban bene nam bp ie | i 


arte and pꝛactiſe of Naugation all the apes of their life, ow the fleete hauing done ſuch things 
ag are declared, the Captaine, by the c 
called Bondendon, to vnderſtand what ſucceſſe Zich 
their great content that he had fought a great battell 


Zich wenti a 
wird fich art | east five of the Ille within a gulfe, as chere are many in that Illand. In this gulk oꝛ bap thereig B 


Fladen ben, ſuch great abundance of lh taken, chat many ſhips are laden therewith to ferue Flanders, Britain, 
mee England, Scotland Norway, and Denmarke,and by this trade they gather great wealth. 

ab Beuel. And thus much is taken out ofa letter, chat M. Nie olo ſent to . Antonio his bzother, requel⸗ 
Bnt norte be, ing chat he would feeke Come meanes co come to him. Wiherefone he who had as great delite to 
kur any cute trauaile ag his other, bought a chip, and directed his courſe that way: E after he had ſalled a great 


ence, while and eſcaped many dangers, he arriued at length in fafetie with . Nicolo, who receiued him 4 
8 verp topfullp, to chat he was his nother not onelp in flech and blood, but allo in valour aud god 


ba M. Nicolo, and 10 peres alone. here they tame in luch grace and fauour with the prince, that i 
Lbeend ofthe be made p pecan grrr of bis Maup, and with great Preparation of warre they were ut 
the ö i i 5 
hie. f0nth kn che 


0 y. 
where they did man dammages : but hearing that the king of Norway was coming towardes 
them with a great fleet,thep departed with ſuch a terrible fla of wiude, that they were dꝛiuen vp: 


opine, did vtter p perith in thole ſeas: Cibercof Zichmni hauing natire, by a thip of his encinicg 
that was caſt by chance spon Grifland,bauing repayped his fleet, and percenung himſelf 2opther: 
Ip neere vnto the Illandsz determined to let vpon Iſland, which together with che reſt, was ſubiert 

5 to 


J i i 4 thoſe par 
other Cape of the gulke o bap , chen turning againe, chey found certaine Jllandes and broken © 


Lands ‘which they reduced al vnta the Diguorte ¢ paſſeſſion of Zichmni. Cheteleag,for as much ag | a 


to the 
ing ſo 
that ev 
Illes c 
and har 


brrkes 


ſhips u 
mined 
moneth 
Mouall 
hard by 

Ther 


1 


no other 
doth bak 
which be 


doe take 
things a 
heate thet 
an inſtant 
no other 11 
that ave ci 
enflamen, 
fo tough t 


their winte 
into the fva 
freeze all th 
boundance | 
ok people ro 


mounting v 
tommeth in 
teele no cold 
and from the 
that may be! 
ol diuers kin 
led, and coꝛn 
all the nation 
trauell oꝛ exp 
Suetia and o 
part many ba 
ofthe pere to 
fhing of fithes 
manp doubles 
pelts thep wil 


a Ys orn A4 
124 The Engliſh Voyages, Gc. N Nic. & Ant. Seni. 


3 
ther without amp feare either ol bꝛeaking og dꝛowning. And ir they chance to be duuen vpon any 
rocks they rematne ſound without the leat butt in the wonln:¢ they haue as it were a llceue in the 
bottome, which is tyed falt in the middle, and when there commeth any water into ihe boat, iht y che lea: 
put it into the one halte of the fleeue, then fattening the ende thereof With two pieces ol wood and 
looling the band beneath, they conuey the water forth of the boat: and this they doe as often ag thep 


Poreouer,the water of the qonatterp,betng of futphurious on bꝛimſtonie nature, is conucpen ins 1 op 


sal 
to the longings of che principal Friers by certatire vellelles of halle, tne, oz tone, fo hot that it * 
beatech the place as it were a ſtoue, not carxing with it anp tinke oz ocher noylome ſmell. was ver} 
Belſdes this they haue another canuexante to bring hot water wich a wall vnder the ground, to Thee 
e end it ſhould not freeze, vnto the middle of the court, where it lalleth into a great vetlel of baaſſe very deli. 
that ſtandeth in the middle of a bopling fountaine, and this is to heat their water to dinke 9 te wa: ſo mucht 
ter their gardens x thus they haue from the hill the greateſt commodittes that map be withed: and ling, fort 
fo theſe Frpers emplop al their trauaile and ſtudie for the molt part in trunming their gardeus aud rleil ok his 
in making faire and beautifull buildings, but eſpecially handſome and commodions: neyther are he was fe 
they detticute ol ngrntous and painefüll artiftcerg fo the purpote;for they gine very large payment. this Loꝛd 
and to them that hing them fruits and ſerdes they are Dery boumtifull, and mine they care bol what. Dring vp a 
Do chat there is great reſot of workemten and matters in diuers faculties, bp reaton of the goon parts. e 
Gaines and large allowance that is there. N and voive 
a the@onas The moll ol them ſpeake the Latine tongue, and ſpeciallp che ſuperiourg and pꝛincipals of the | haue they 
Aab won of Monaſterp. And thisis as much ag is knowen of Engroneland, which is all by the relation of 9p, Runde of m 
em(paketbe Nicolo, who maketh allo particular delcription of a tiuer thathe dilcouered as is to be frene in the a theyhaue l 
heenvortpe carde chat A ew. And in the end gp, Nicolo,not betng ofen ¢ acquatnec with thete cruell colbes, | crxuell war 
2 latter. fel ſicke, and a litle while alter returned into Friſland, where he dyed. Ae leit behind hum in Venice, divers am 
two formes, M. Giouanni and 99, Toma, who had two ſonnes, M. Nicolo the father ol thefamoug | apne being 
Cardinal Zeno, and M. Pietro of whom befcenden the other Zenos,thatare living at thig day. 4 facrifice me 
Now . Nicolo being dead. M. Antonio ſucteeded him both in his goods, and in his dignitieg Ms csw th 
adus ved in and honour: and albeit be attempted diuers wayes, and made great lupplication, he could ncucy | ble, to reti 
abtaine licence to returue into his countrep. Fo; Zichmni, being a man of (teat courage and vas goe in God 
lour had determined to make himfelf Loy of the fea, GWiberfore vfing alwayes the counfaile and well flen th 
ſeruice of 99, Antonio, he determined to fend bun with certaine batts to the Wiel war ds, fon that next to that 
towards thoſe parts, ſome ol his fithermen had dilcoured certaine Illauds very rich and populous: from one 1 
which diſcouery . Antonio im a letter to his bꝛother M. Carlo, recounteth from point to point in uels he cam 
this mauer, ſauing that we haue changed ſome old words leauing the matter entire as it was. by che inhal 
Dire and twentie pecres agoe there Departed foure fither boats, the which) a mightie tempeſt a. good hope t 
Tiling, were tolled fop the ſpace of Many dapes very veſperately vpon the Sea when at length, the were; they. 
Tun bifcomerie tempeſt coating and the wether waxing faire, they dilcouered an Iſland called Ellotiland, Iping to take him in r 
Ienwarn. the Celtwards aboue 1000 Miles from Frſland, vpon the which one of theboats was catt awap, and there wa 
Men n and firemen that were in it wert taken ol che inhabitants and bꝛought into a faire aud populous ri: And after 
tic, where the hing of the place ſent fo; many interpreters, but there was none could be tound that furniſhing oi 
filbermen of vnderſtood the language of the fithermen,crcept one that ſpake Latine who was allo caſt by chance opp of that! 
riland fpeake vpon the fame Illand, who in the behalle of the king afken them what countrepmen they werc:and And he is 
ee o budertanding their cale reherled it into che king, who wüled that thep thouln tarp in the couns hereporteth t 
preven mate, cep : toherefone they obeping his commandement,fop (hat they could not otherwile doe, dwelt fine parts, and the 
Due ofthe ate Vetes in the Illand , x learned the language, and one of them was in diuers partes of the J ſlaud, and thing, that Ft 
acer dale Teponteths that it is aberp rich countrep, abounding with all the com modinteg of the world. and that this is the ten 
Bibel of it is litle leſſe then Iſland, but farre mode fruitkull, having in the middle therrok a very high mou: another vopar 
Eftotiland rich, altte,from the which there ſpꝛing foure riuers that patle through ihe whole countrey. ing he was not 
— 11 The iuhabitants are very wittie people, and haue all artes and faculties, as we haue: and itis fon: and conce 
commoniies Credible chat in time patt they haue had trafficke with our men, ſoꝛ he laid, that he ſaw Latin bookeg One great 
rn che kings Libꝛarie, which they at this pꝛeſent vo not vnperſtann: they haue a peculiar langua dayes before o 
0 and letters oz caracters to themfelues. They haue mines of all maner of mettals, but eipetial ihey this Loan wou 
4 5 7 1 abound with gold. They haue their trade in En groneland, from whence iht y bring furres, bum ⸗ 5 returned a 
dilcouered certs 


Engroneland Tone @ pitch sano he (ith, chat to the Spouthwarde.shereis a areat populous countrep verp ti-hof 4 
3 gold. Chey ſom coꝛne, and make bere and ale, which in a hinde of dime that Bath perple de bie dono for the fp 
a wals, g chert are Departing fro 
fo} vs, we ſtapei 
acruel tempelt, 


much 


— 
Int. Seni. 


5 


— 1 — — 
Due vpon any much that the king ſent them with twelue barks to the Douthwards to a countrey which they call 
ere a ſleeue in the Dtogio: but in their voyage they had ſuch contrary weather, chat they thought to haue periſhed in 1 countrep 
nto the boat, thep che fea: but efcaping that cruell death, they fell into another mone cruell: fop they were taken in the Sle? Bode. 
ces ol wood and countrey and the molt part of them eaten by the Dauage people, which led vpon mang lech, as the 
as often as thep fhucetett meat in their tuogements chatis, 3 

But that fither with his fellowes ſhewing them the maner of taking fit with nets, ſaued thetr e. 4 
e, is conuryed ins liues: and would goe euery day afithing to che fea and in kreſh riuers, and take great abundance of onelp taueb, 
one, fo hot that it ſilh and glue it to the chiefe men ol the countrey, whereby he gate himlelſe lo great fauour, that he E 
e ſmell. was very well be loued and honoured of euery one, take filly, 
ct the ground, ta The fame of this man being ſpꝛead abzoad in the countrey, there was a Lond there by, that was meena 
it veſſel of bzalſe very defirous to haue him with him, and to fee how he vled his miraculous arte of catching fith, in aa e betoye 
Drinke ¢ to wa; fo much that he made warte with the other Lond with wham he was beloze, and in the end pꝛeual⸗ pid blige 
p be wiched: and ling, for that he was moze mightie ano a better warriour, the fitherman was lent vnto him with the 
heir garden and ret ol his companp. And fop the ſpare ol chictcene peres that he dwelt in thole parts he fateh thar 3 tbe tpace 
ns: neyther are he was fent in this over to mone then 25 Loyos, fo? they had cantinuall war amongſt themſelues, tered 25 lende 
large papment, this Low with that Lond, and he with another, onelp to haue him to dwell wich them: fo that wan⸗ vr Bago 
y care uol what. dung vp and downe the countrey without any certai i 
afon of the goon 


principals of the 

e relation of 9p, 

o be ſtene in the 

fe cruell coldes, 

him in Venice, 

er of the famous 

at this day. 

in his dignities 

he could neuce 

courage and vas 

e counlaile and 

Wards, for that 

and populous: 

ONE to point in 

as it was. 

tbtie temper a. 

natlength, the 

iland,Lptng te CH 

was caſt away, him for their interpreter, 

d populous ci: them in fitch foe, that he became very rich, and fo 

o be tound that he returned into Friflande, where he made repozte unto this Ye returned 
caſt by chance i f fe Pg d 
they wert:and che mariners, who Approve manp range things, that Zichmni mine 
ry in the couns dia relolued to lend me forth with a flect towardg thoſe autem 
doe, dwelt fine go in the vopage, foꝛ the noueltie and ſtrangeneſle of the wih a acer’ 
he Jlland and gp appointed, without any publike expence at all. And para alen 
world. and that which A haue here ſet domne to giue intelligence ok land, 

y bigh moun fet out with many barkes, and men »notwithſtand⸗ 

: ; ught at the firt he ſhould:foꝛ Zichmni went in his owne per: 

haue: and it is haue a letter in fone kallowing. 

Latin bobkes vopage of Eſtotiland was begun in an bulucky houre: fo three ape aterter 
lar language,, ſhermampien that Would haue bene our guive : otwoithttanping Se ant 
telpetial hey e enterprise, but inſtead of the liſherman tooke certaine Mariners toute haue 
furtes, nim: Fo ) : 

ep LED vichot : i palled certaine ſhelues we ſtayed at Le. Bit ine ma. 
ner ple bo ble AND Co futuith the fleet with nerellarie youition, tu bis debe, 
8, c cherc are uly at the Ille of llofe:and fo2 that the wind made wund oie 
Heloan fone, cing ppon the maine fea there arole immediately Allet. cm 
Maticn, infos 


ace we were milerabip DEFED not knowing where we Alte Hote, 
4 


much were: 


"ay Sy ere ere “ae K 
26 The Engliſh Voyages, &c.. eAL Nic. & Ant. Seni. 
—— — — — 


TFT 
were ¢ a great part of the barks were caſt away, afterward the weacher waxing lire, we gathered 
vp the boeken peices of the barks that were loft, and fapling with a prolperous winde we difcoucrey r 


J ö ſo ten 
Diicourreoe land at Ccleſt. Clher dur courte Directly vponit, we arriued in a good and fate bar. 
eye land“ bozougb, where we — a brads of people read in armes, come running very furioully vil 
* to the water ſide, as it were lo dekence of the Fflanb.2diherfore Zichmni ca ‘fing his men to make 1 — 
fignes of peace vuto them, they lent 10 men vnta vs that could ſpeake ten languages , but we could Allan 
Mean vnderſtand none of then except one that was al llland. Ihe being bought beloze our pince and a. ＋ 
in la Keb, what was the name of the Alland, and what people inhabited it, ¢ who gouemned lt anlwered, ter like 
Chekingeot that the Alland was called Icaria, id that all the kings that reigned there, were called Icari, after wilde! 
lader ice the name of che let lung of that place which as they fap was the forme of Dedalus king of Scot, thepfi 
Bed kde land, who conquerer that Iſland, left his foune there fo king, and left them thoſt laweg that thep bachone 
S d — retaine to this mnetene,and after this be defiring to faple further, in a great tempett thatara.e, wag —1＋ 
Who as they dꝛawned, wherefore for a memo all of his death, they call chofe (eas pet, the Icarian Dea, and the Le beter 
donne io Dede. and the kings of the Jlland leo ri, and lam chat they were contented with chat ſtate, which God had and tet 
baten or gluen them, neither woalo they alter aue tote al their lates ond cuttomes, they would not rt. the wine 
— ee, ceiue any ſtranger: wherefore chey requetten our price, chat hee would not lecke to violate chern againe b 
lawes, which thep hav receiued from that king o worthy memony and obferued very duly to as were 
that prefent: which ik he did attempt. it would redoumd to his mantfett deuruction, they being all re. (chough 
ſolutely bent racher to leaue their life, then to loole in any refpect the vſe of their lawes. Jotwith. chule, fa 
Tanding, that we ſhould not thinke they did altogether refute conuerſation and traffick with ohe > mvcourt 
meu, thep tolde un for cancluſſon that they would willingly receiue one al our men, x preferte hun = Neome, 
Sealed. tobeone of che chiele amongtt chem, onely to learne my language the Italian tongue, and to be in, | victuals 0 
Tulln be fonmed oF our manners and cuftomes, as they had alceabp recetue thole other ken of ten ſund y  Friflandy 
Lale nations, chat came tuto hett Alla. @o chefe ching dur Prince mfivered nohing atall, bur, chi ae 
Sevmen of ting his men to {eke ſome good harbꝛough, he made lignes as though he would depart, and ſaylnng that 
matione.” round about che Jano, he etpied at length a harbzough on che Catt lde or the Illand, where enters 
hee put in with all his Fleet: the marmerg went on land to take in wood and water, which they did che Illand 
with as great ſpeede as they tould, doubting lealt they thouly be allaulted by the inhabitants, au all and all 
kel our m deer fo chole that dwelt therabouts, making ſignes vnto the other with fire anbfinok, | eg card bi 
Inſintte mul put themfelues prefencip in armes aud the other comming to them, they came all running Downe | Concer 
inven tothe fea five pon our men, withbotves and urrotwes ud other weapons, weben nene ee | amen of 
Maine and divers fore wounded. And we made fines ol peace vuto them, but it was to no purpole, by Gods h 
loꝛ their rage increaſed mone and moe, as though they had fought for land and lining CAihereley bſhe cuſtom 
Zichmai bepare We were forced to depart, and to ſayle alon Nun a great circuite about the Iſlande, being alwapes F gio, and in 
Weiwards., accompanpen pon the bil cops ¢ the fea coalts wich an infinite munber of armed men: and lo Doub, and the ttat 
wwegzwards. iing the Cape of che Alu towards che Noth we foun many great holde, among cewoh“ immmer 
for the ſpace of ten vayes we were in continual danger of looſung our whole flect, but that it pes Ahaue defer 
led God all that while to fend vs faire weather. Iherefoꝛe proceeding on till we came to che Eu fone J toil 
Cape, me law che iuhabitants Mell on the hill tops and by che lea caalt keepe with vs, and in making | 7 vou in fay 
great outerpes and ſhooting at va a karre olf, they vttertd their old ſpitekull affection towardg b. All theſel 
Aherefoꝛe wee determined to fay in lome lale harbozough, and fee ik wee might ſpeake once that the book 
againe wich the Mander, but our determination was fruftrate: ſoꝛ the people moze icke vnto balls but a child w 
chen men,ftood continually in armes with intent to beat b back, ir we ſhould come come on lun, men is) J top 
TAbereloʒe Zichmni ſeeing he could not pꝛeuaile, and thinking ik he ſhould haue perſeuered aud ceeding grea 
followed obttinately his purpote, their victuals would haue failed then, he departed with a faxe loft: 1 
wind and fatlen fire noe to the ee tae pte changing 7 fo ss ben the tea courle,to the ¢ 
waxing rough, weelapling 4 apes wich the wind t he powp, aud at length diſcouering land, were the great dilce 
8 nere vnto it, the fea being growen, and we not knowing what land it was : but ol the newe re! 
God fo prouiden for vs, chat the winde cealing there came a great calme. TWiherefore ſome of our tic of our ancet 
company rowing to land with oares, returned g haught vs newe s to our great comſoꝛt. that they For the: 
1 found a very good countery and a better harbozough: byon which newes we tower our fips Meſſer Auron 
100 men 


baue heere an 


rather the yea 
neither would Zichmni reſt, although it were a great way oll, but {ent 100 fouldiers to ſearch the : 


ol. b. next be fo 
countrep and boing report what people they were that inhabited it,¢ in the meane time ihey toole on, to fhew tha 
in wood and water for the prouition of he fees ane catches Steat Lope of fit) aud lea fouie and founy affirmed to bee 
uch abounvance of birds egges that our men that were halle famithen, were filled cherewülhal. Gentleman Me 
Wibiles we were riding here, began che moneth of June, at which time the aire in the Illand was ſaile for thoſe v 


Furopæan pilot 


» Ant.Z eni, 5 ii, 


b a e a 

aoe pn A. Mic. & Ant. Seni Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 

winde we dilcouertd (o ‘ermperate and pleatant as ts npalu ble to erprette:bue when we could fer no people at al we fits 

good and fafe har. — * this plealant place was detolate and diſhabited. Ete Jaue — to the heauen 

mig verp furtouly calling en Inn and che potnt that frctehed out into the fea tne failed Capode Trin. The 100 foule Ch 100 font 
un big men to make picts that were fen forth, 8 dapes after retuned, and broughe word that they had bene though ihe Wiieh 
ewe TE ema the mountalne and that the finoke was a natural Wing proceoing from a great fire Lee trough 
06 SU ECE ati that was ix che bottome of the bill, nd chat chere wan a (pring from which Uued a certaine wa. 

nem t anftucrey, nul blech which ran into che fea, and that thereabouts biet, Great multituoesof people halfe u a> found, 
re called Icari, after wilde, hiding chemfelues in caueg ol the ground, of mall ſtature, and very leareſullzfoꝭ as ſoone as 

lalus king of Scot. hey fatw them they fled into their holes, and that there was a great riuer and a very good and fafe 

oſe lawes that they harboꝛough. Z ichmni being thus informed, and ſteing that it had a holelome and pure atre, and a 

pelt that grole. un very frutull fople and faire viuers, wih fuundyy cumniodities fell into ſuch liking of the place, the 

arian Sea, andthe be determined to inhabite it, and built there a citte, But his geople being wenn y and fatne with ton 

ate, which God hay mm tedious trauell began to mumure, faping that they would returne into their couutrey, for tha 

Pag bapa 1 5 he winter was at hand, and if they entred into the barbozongh hey ſhould not be able to come out . Antonio ze: 


A gaine before the next Summer, Ciherefone he retaining onely che barkg with Dares and ſuch 
nee bela 4 a were willing to ſtay with bun, lent all the reit with the thippes backe array ° 


ough vntwilling)thouto be their Captatne, 3 therefore departing, becaule J could not other wiſe 

r lawes. Motwich chute wien for the ſpace of twenty dayes to the Cattwarng without light of any land; then turnin 

traffick with other mycourle towardg e Doutheatt,in . dayes I diſtouered land, and found my felfe vpon the Ille ol 

nen, ¢ pꝛeferre hun Ne ome and knowing the countrey. J perceiued J was pat Illand wherefore taking in ſome fr 

zongue, and to ben. bictuals of the inhabitants being Cubtect to Zichmni, J faplen with a faire winde in three dayes to 

er ten ol ten ſundy g Frifland, where the people, who thought they had lott heir pince, becauſe ol his long ablence, in 

bing atall, but caw | pig oun bopage receiuen vs very iopfully, 

depart, andfapling | hat followed after this letter J know not but by toulecture, which J gather out of apiece of 
the Illand, where mother letter, which J will let downe here vnderneath: That Zichmni huite a towne in the port of 
iter which they vi the Alland that he dilcouered, and that he ſearched the coumereꝝ very diligently and diſcouered ie 

e inhabitants, agi all, and alſo the riuers on both fines ol En prema, for that J fee it particulary delcribed in the 
1 fire and ſmolt, fea card, but the difcourte 0} narration is loft, The beginning of the letter is thus, 

all running downe ˖ 


ſo that many wett 1 
was to no purpoſt, 
lining. CIherefg g th 
de, being alwaye | 7 


~~ gio, and in the end the life ol . Nicolo, the knight our brother, wich the diſcouery which he made, 
men: and ſo Doubs | m the ſtate of Groneland. J haue alſo mitten the life and acts of Zichmni, a prince as woꝛthy of 
amangi the which! ata memoꝛp as amp that euer liued, foꝛ his Great valiancie and ſinguler bumanitic, wherein 
ct, bur chat it pen] a pane neteriben the diſtouery of Engroneland on boch ſdees and the titie that he bulldev. There⸗ 
etame to the en de J wil ſpeake no further hereof in this letter, hoping to be with vou verp ſhoztly, and to facile 
bs and in man pouin fimdap other things by worn of mouth). 
ction towards vs. 5 e letters were witten by . Antonio to (eller Carlo his bother : and it grieueih me, 
might ſpeake once ) that thebooke and diuerg other witings concerning thefepurpo i 
ne lcke vnto beals 


N ſes, are miſerably lolk: ion bet 
but a child when they came to my hands, and not knowing what th 
me come on land. fs 


ben ts) A cope them, and rene them in pietes which iow y 


canuot cal to rem zance but to my 
te perſeuered ad ccerdin Great griefe. Notwichſtanding, e memoʒp of fo many Food things ſhould not ber 
arteb with ale lot: 9 — could ger ofthis matter, A haue dilpaled and put in eder im the former pif: 
tchwelt, and hein courſe. ta ihe ende that this age might be parely latillled, to the which we are moje beholdung foꝛ 
ucting land were] the great dilcoueries made in thole pavces, chen to any other of the time patt, being mot tupious 
land it was: but Fe ofthe uewe relations and diſcoueric of range counteries, made by the great mindes, and induſt⸗ 
vefopefome ol ur nie of our ancettourg, 
comfone,that they | For the more credite and onfirmation of the former Hiſtorie of Meſſer Nicole, and 
e totven our fips Fe Meller Antone Zeni (which for fome fewe refpes may pores bee called in queſtion) I 
great mountam, haue heere annexed the iudgement of that famous Cofmographer e4bralham Ortelins, or 
nts inthe Iſland, rather the yealding and . his iudgement thereunto: who in his Theatrum Orbis, 
iers to ſearch the ils. next before the map of Mar del Zur, boroweth proofeand authoritie g S: this relati- 
e ume they tone on to ſhe w that the Nercheaſt parte of e-America called Eftotiland,and in the original alwayes 
a ſoule and found ¶ afirmedtobee an Iflande, was ahout the yeere 1390 difcouered by the aforefayd Venetian 
led therewithall, BY Gentleman Meſſer Anson Zeno, aboue 100 yeeres before euer Chrittopher Columbus {ee 
n the J ſland was ſaile for thofe Weſterne Regions; and that the Northren Seas were euen t 


© European Pilots throu gh the helpe ofthe loadſtone: with divers other particulars concerning 
L 2 


the 


28 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. IM. Nic. & Ant. Seni. 


— 
the cuſtoines, religion and wealth of the Southern ¶Americant, which are moſi euidemily 
confirmed by all the late and moderne Spanith Hiftories of Nwewa Eſpanna and Perm, 


Am here J chall not (as J fuppofe)commit any great inconuenience, oz abfurditie,in adding 
unto chis Piſtoꝛy ol che n. v wolld, cer taine particulars as touching the fu ſt diſcouery therof, 
not commonly known. Ihich viſcouerie al the witers of our time afcribe(¢ that not vnwopihily 
vnto Chriſtopher Columbus. Ic; by him it was in a maner fir diltouered, made knowen, and 
profitably toimmmirated onto the Chyittian woply, in the peere of dur Loyd 1492. Howbeit J 
fare that the Moꝛch part thereol called Eſltotiland, which moſt of all extendeth toward our Eu- 
rope and the Illands of the fane, namelp,Groneland, Iſland, and Friſland, was long ago found 
Out by certaine fithers of the Ille of Friſſand, diuen by tempett vpon the ſyoꝛe thereof: and was al. 
terward about the peere 13 90 diſcouered a new, ho one Antonio Zeno a gentleman of Venice 
which taplen chither vnder the conduct of Zichnani king of the faine Iſle of Frifland, appince in 
thofe parts of great valour and renowned for his martiall exploits and wictoztes, Ol which expe: 
bition of Zichmni there are extant in Italiam certaine collections op abyidgements gathered by 
Francifco Marcolino outof the letters of M. Nicolo and Antonio Zeni two gentlemen of Venice 
which liued in thoſe partes. Out of which collections J doe adde concerning the deſcription of 
Eſtotiland afcʒeſaid thefe particulars following. 

Eſtotiland (fateh he)aboundeth with all things netellary for mankinde. In the mids thereol 

ſtandeth an exceeding high mountatne, from which ilſue foure riuera that moiſten all the coum 
trie. The inhabitans are wittie and moſt expert in all Mechanitall arts. They haue a kinde of pe 
cullar language and letters. Dowbeit in this Rings Libparie are pꝛeſerued certaine latine books. 
which they vnderſtand not, being perhaps left there not many peeres before by ſome Europrans, uing in i 
which tratfiqued thither. They baue all kinde of metals; but efpecially goide, wherewith they | cke 0d 
mightily abound. They trafficke with the people of Groneland: from whence they fetch ſkinnes, 5 | 
pitch and byimttone. The inhabitants report chat cowardes the South, there arc regions abound: a 
tng with gold and very populous: they haue many and huge woods, from whence they take tim: 
ber fo2 the building of chips and cities, whereof and of talties there are great fore, The vle of the 
loabftone fo Nauiganon is unhnowen vnto them. They make relation alto of a certaine regrion 
toward the Bouth, called Drogio, which is mbabited by Canibsls, vnto whom mans fl ſy is Dek: 
cate meat: wherol being deſntute they line bp fithing, which they vſe very much. Beyond this are 
large regions, and as it were a newe would: but the people are barbarous and goe naked : howbt⸗ 
it againſt the tolde they cloch themſelues in beaſtes ſkinnes. Thele haue no kinde of metall: and 
they liue by hunting. Their weapons are certamme long ſtaues with tharpe points, and botwes, 
They wage warres one againſt another. They haue goueruourg, and obey certaine lawes. But 
from hence moze towarnes ihe South the climate is much more temperate: and there are cities, 
and temples of holes onto whom they facrifice living men, whole fleth ih · y afterwards deudurt. 
Thefe nations haue the vie of ſluer and gold. 

Thus much of ibis tract ol landes out of the aloꝛeſaide collections o abꝛidgements. LAbercin Fe 
this allo is woꝛthy the obferuation, that tuen then our European Pilots ſaylid thoſe {eas bp te 
belpe of the loadſtane. Foz concerning the vſe chereof in Nauigation, J ſuppole there is not tobe 
founda moꝛe ancient teſtunonir. And theſe things J haue annexed the rather vnto this table of 
Mar del Zur; conſidering that none of hole Authours which haue written the Wittonies of the 
Mewwe wopld,hauc in any part ol chets writings, mentioned one word thereof. Pitherto Ortelius. 


THE 


M. Hore. Traffiques, and Difcoueries, 


Int. Zeni. 
8 THE V OY AGES OF THE ENGLISH 
NATIO O EVVF 
bundle in adding the Iſles of Ramea 0 Ma l f. oa on 17 2 
t diſcouery therof, and the Iiles o A ſeumption othervviſe 
not vnwonlhly) called Natiſcotec, ſituate at the mouth of the Riuer of canada 
nade knowen, and and tothe Coaftes of Cape Briton, and Arambec, cortuptly ‘ 
492. Powbeit J one ee f. 6 5 the Patents,letters,and 
h toward our Eu- aduertiſements thereunto belonging, 
18 long ago found ; 
— | The voyage of the two ſhips, whereof the one was called the Do- 
leman of Venices, minus vol cum, ſet out the 20 day of May in the 1 9 yere ofking Henry the 
95 ‘ pine m eight, and in the yere of our Lord God 1 527. for the diſcouerie of the North cate, 
+ Df which expe⸗ NZ l 
ents gathered bp W f aud opnament of his coun: 
tlemen of Venice | TA) to the poche in a letter of bis to king 
che deſcription of | Leigh bis Ambaſladour to Charles 
= olt in acs pe of the firſt 
nthe mids there 1 ‘SS 
betone chat this his motion tooke ppefentettect, 
bletemimonies of two of our Chzoniclers. P. Hall, Grafton ball to pur down 
—— This 3 ee they) ling Henry the 8 ſent 2 faire th ualed, 1 
ui; in them diuers cunning men to feck ſtran i e 
1 1 1 the soda of May in wee rgyeer oflinesigne whine fthe Thames 
„ nd whereas matter Ha 
e regions abound: f= 
nce they take tin 
e. The vle ol the 
a certaine regn 
mans fic Mh is del. 
Beyond this are 
de naked: howbe⸗ 
nde of metall: and 
ints, and bows, Fs 
taine lawes. But 
Dthere are cities, 
Awards deuoure. 
ments. c Aherein — 
] thafe {eas by the } 
— agg d Th HN. E 4 
mto this table o e voyage of M. Hore and di 
 Dittonics of the land 55 ape Britom, in the been, 3 gentlemen, to Newfo wid. 
itherto Ortelius. FF , is Vere 1536 and in the 28 yere of king Henry the 8, 


. goodly ſtature and of 
graphie, inthe 28 n 


THEE 


9 —— — an of the NY 
z. cke a gentleman of Rent. 99. Tuckfield. M. Thomas Bus the fe Sit William B 
. ting, ano fen tahoe mouth 3 wots modern on 
Ride ambush al erie ek em Rae e . 
A { A ö e Trinitie, a ſhip ot ſeuen fi 
tumnes, wherein M. Hore himſelle „ the other Ship whote name was the Minion 
a 


went 


222772. told ch Richard Hakluye of the middle Cempie tete chm following : to wi 
jaye 
ofthe 


0 : N — — 
zo IbeEngliſh Voyages, Nauigations. Ad Hore. 
e eee e 


went a very learned and vertuous gentleman one P. Armig l Wade, Atterwar 
C ry the 8 and king Edward the figeh, father to the WoL iptull . William 
Wade now Clerke of the pꝛiuie Council,. Oliuer Dawbene marchant of London, 
terward gentleman of che Kings Chappel, with diners other of good account. The w 
that went in the two tall thips afopeſaid, to wit, the Tnnitie and the Minion, 
perfons, whereof thirty were gentlemen, which all we muttered in warlike 
and after the reteiuing of the Dacramené, they embarked themſelues in ih 
From the time of their letting out from Grauefend,thep were verp ton 


both blacke and white, af whome they killed ſame, aud tooke them fo? no bad foode 
H. Oliuer Dawbeny, which as it is befme mentioned, was in this voyage, a 


There in che fame place they found a boote ol leather garniſhed on the outward fide of the talfe 
with certaine baue trailes, as it were of rawe ſilke, and alfo found a certaine great wæme mitten: 
And thele carped with chem, they returned to their ſhippe, not fining the SDauages, nop teeing a. 
3 ching elſe 1 the ſoyle, and che things growing in the fame, which chiefly were Lope ol 

e and pine trees. 

And further, the fain M. Daubeny told him that lying there th 
tuals, and that there they found ſmall reliefe, moze then 


that bought hour ely to her pong great plentic of diuerg {opts of fithes. But luch wa 
that incvealed amougſt them 


here and there, che fellowe killed his mate while he Qoopen to take bp ateote fon his reliele, and 
— — al his bodie whom he had multhered, oped the lame on the coles and grer⸗ 
v deuoured chem. 
Bp this meane the derreaſed and the officers knew uot what was become of them; 
And it fopcunen that one of che diuen with hunger to fecke alnope fo3 relicte found out 
inthe fieldes the fauour erben lech 


(waded that ome of them 

were nei her Deuoured wit wilde beaſtes, nop pet deſtioyed with Dauages : And bereupon bee 
ining, Dowe much theie dealings offend: d the OL 

migbne, ad vouched the Socriptures from firtt to laft, what God bad in cafes of diſtreſſe done fon 
them that callep vpon him and toto them that the power or the Almigbty was then no leſte, chen 
in al fopmer time it had bene. And adde d, that if it had not pleaſed God to hau bolpin ihem in ihat 
diſtreſſe that it ban hene better tn hau Periched in badp, and to hauc lud tue icſungiy then ia 
haue relieued for a poore time thetr moztal boppes, and to bec condemned auc: laſ gi co. j body 
and Coule to the vnquenchable fire of hell. And thus hauing ended io that illert he began id exhorg 
. 


des Clerkt of ihe 


r 5 


M. Hore, 


su a ce tether anese c 
ardcg Clerkc of ihe 
pull P. William 
ondon, P. loy af. 
The whole number 
tre about fixe {cone 
er at Graues-end, 
e of Gynill. 1 53.6, 
ſea, to witte, abcue 

ndies about Cape 

land of Penguin, 

teat loules White 
aue a great num: 
ges, the ſoules 
off: hep dyeſltd 
lſo ſtoze of beareg 
0 


e. 


ut a Wip-Loatts | 


m, returned with 
en purſued them 
and the fine ofa 


d fine of the talle 
warme mitten: 
es, nc ieeing a. 
v were Lone of 


eat want of bic. 
t of an Ofprey, 
was the famine 
cue themirlueg 
g, end there: 
(8 and deſertz 
is relieie, nd 
roles and grees 


come of them; 
lite taund out 
er hum and his 
il ipeaches he 
ow the brops 
tht to che fhip. 
ome of ay 
ber et 
— Gh 
reſſe dene fo, 
tno lefie chen 
n ihem in ihat 
ngiy then ta 
hip to. h body 
Lan io erhong 
13 


RI 


M. Hore. Traffiques,and Difcoueries, i Ki 


that it might pleate God to looke vpon their 
clteue the fame, The famine inereating, and 


uct farce from the maine. 


ſomewhat bigger then Herons, which they ſuppaled to be Stozkes. They 
conn — the ende ol October. From thence chey dc parted vnto a 


and milerie, that fir 
William his father and my Lady his ny not to be their fonne 


fes 
„ ag 0 T N 
to n Grove ao. rules onelp to learne the lu ole trueth o is vopage from dum 
tou arb ec —- 
C 


a off ine, the Engliſh did ſomewhat relteue e French. pees eee 
diſtreſſe of famine, wits, be “ 
Sciping ete —̃ — OUtOF Which they ber by winking the d. 
compoſita befone, a 
An act againſt the exaction of money or an 


officer for licence to traffique into Jelena de N em 


other tlung b an 
Edwards fax, 


onndlard, made in An.2, 
8 aur, mpeg pres noo pt, here bon bene en 
2 cetued & cakenbp Cevtatne of the officers of the Admmraltie, ol ſuch chants, 
7 e and fithermicn as haue vled and prac e 
477 — . abe pars commit ee 
che getting o in and bpon the eas 02 ocherwile, by way of atchants in 
„ flavttes, diuers great exactions, femmes of, win es 
oad of the whole wealch ther rt — 
-# ua little dannnage of the common » AND Hereof allo great com 
plaints haue bene made, t infopmations allo pereiy to the 


kings mot honourable coun. 
elmmation whereof, and to the intent allo that the layd atchants and fihermen 
baton evar tte eta —— — 
any ſuch and 5 


ade of marchand „ wi 
ag axe before lumieed wherby it is robe thougberparg ple 


rte. 
0 puties of mp lurh Parchant op ther. 
man, any ſunnne oz vice Boles 0 sgh on ap other werd hen aDuan: 
Spon ap pt sees bamp licence to paths Reameta the epee 


ci en. Mun the other moice : in which aire na 
Hono» wager of law (hall be allawed. And for the fecond offince the parep lo offend⸗ 
offices in je omnialce, but atfoca make ne 


By 


132 


Spaniards. 


Pormgals. 


— 


be 


The Englifh Voyages, Cc. M. Anthony Parkburft. 


By this acte it appeareth, that the trade out of England to Newfound land was common and 
frequented about the begiming of the raigne of Edward the 6. namely in the peeve 1548. and it is 
much to be marueiled, that by the negligence of our men, the countrey in all this time hath bene no 
better ſearched. 


A letter written to M. Richard Hakluyt of the middle N 
conteining a report of the true ſtate and commodities of Newfoundland, 
by M. Aaibonie Parꝭzhurmt Gentleman, 1578. 


„ After Hakluyt, after moſt heartie commendations, wich like thaukes for pour manifold 
kindneſſe to me ſhewed, not for any merits that hitherto haue bene mine, hut wholly 
pꝛoceeding, I mutt needs conkeſſe, of pour owne good nature, which is ſo ready pꝛeſt to 

A benefit pour countrey and all {uch pooze mien as haue any ſparke in them ol good delires, 
that you do not onely become their friend, but allo humble pour lelke as a ſeruaunt in their affaires: 
for which J would to God J were once in place where J might cauſe pour burning zeale to bee 
knowen to thole that haue authoꝛitie, power, and abilitie to recompente pour trauclling mind and 
pen, wherewith pou ceaſe not day nop night to labour and trauell to bying pour good and godly de⸗ 
fires to ſome paſſe, chough not pollibly to that happy ende that pou mot thirſt for = for ſuch is the 
malice of wicked men the deuils inſtruments in this our age, that they cannot ſufer anp thing (0; 
at leaſt few to p ved and pꝛoſper that tendeth to the letting loꝛth of Gods gloꝛy, and the amplity⸗ 
ing of the Cpt: n faith. wherein hitherto princes haue not bene fo diligent as their calling requi- 
red. Alas, che labourers as pet are few, che harueſt great, J truſt God hath made you an inſtrument 


to increaſe the number, and to mooue men of power, to redeeme the people ol Newfoundland and 


thofe parts from out of the taptiuitie of that ipirituall Pharao, the deuill. 

Now to anſwer ſome part of peur letter touching che fimdpp nauies that come to Newfound. 
land, q Terra noua, ſoꝭ ſiſh: you thal vnderſtand that ſonie fith not necre the other by 200. leagues, 
and therefoꝛe the tettaintie is not known and fome peres come many moje then other ſome, as J 
fee the like among vs: who fince my ſiiſt trauell being but 4. petres, are intreaſep from 30. ſayle 
to 50, which connneth to paſſe chielly by che imagination of the Meſterne men, who thinke their 


neighbours haue had greater gaines then in very deed they haue, foz that they fee me to take {uch 1 


so peerelp to go in proper perfon: chep alfo ſuppoſe that I finn fore ſecret commoditic by rea: 
on that J doe {earch the harbops, creekeg and haueng, and allo the land much moe then cuer any 
Engliſhman hath vone. Surely J am glad that it fo intreaſeth, whert o ſocuer it ſpꝛingeth. But 
to let this palle, pou ſhall vnderſtand that J am inkoꝛmed that there are aboue 100, faile of Span 
ards that come to take Cov who make all wet, and do dic it when they come home) belides 20. 
30. more that come from Vilkaie to kill Cihale fo, Traine, Theſe be better appopntin for thip: 
ping and furniture of munition. then any nation ſauing the Engliſhmen, who commonly are lors 
of the harbors where they lih, and do vie all ſtrangers helpe in liſhing ir nerd require, according to 
an old cuſtome of che countrep, which thing chey do willingly ſo that pou take nothing from then 
mone then a boat op twatme of ſalt, in reſpect of pour protection of them agaiuſl roucis 02 other bin 
lent intruders, who do often put them from good harboꝛ. Ec. As touching their tunmage, J thinke 
it may be neere ſiue o fire thoufand tunne, But of Poꝛtugals there are not lightly aboue 50. alle, 
and they make all wet in like ſozte, whole tunnage may amount to tine thouland tuns, and not vy 


warde. Of the French nation and Byitons, are about one hundpcd and fiftie ſailes. the motto By 
their ſhipping is very ſmall, not palt foꝛtie tunnes, among which fome are great and reafonabip FF 


well appointed, better chen the Pontugals, and not ſo well as the Kpaniards, and the burden of 


chem may be ſome 70 Oo. tunne. Their ſhipping is from all parts of France and Britaine, and the : 


Spaniards from mok parts of Spaine, the Poꝝtugals from Auiero and Viana, and from 2,0) :. 


ports moꝛe. The trade that our nation hach to Iſland maketh chat the Cnglith are not there in {uch : 


numbers as other nations, 


rete ot Fav to cei pou of che ertitie ano gooonete of the countrep, pou all unnerfiano that 3 f= 
Newfoundland, , have in fundyp places fotwen Wibeate, Barlie, Rie, Dates, Beanes, WPeate and fecdes of herbe, 


kernels jalumitones, nuts, all which haue pꝛolpered as in England. Che tountreyyeeldeth mary 


good trers of fruit, as Filberds in ſome places. but in al places Cherie trees, and a hum of Par. 


tree meet to graſte on. As fm Rofed they are as common as ambles here: Strawberies. Dew 
beries, and Raſpis, as tonunon as graſſe. The timber is mol Fire, pet plentt: of Pintappi 


trees: fete of thele two kinds meete to maſte a ſhip of thꝛeelcoꝛe and ten: but neere Cape Bnton, 
and to the Douthward, big and luffitient fo, any thip. There be alfo Okes e nnen, 2 


ther kum ol! 
map dziue ch 
Penguins, ¢ 
that ft) neer 
wayes with t 
grand bate, 
beatts as Lu 


did fee cher 
were clouen, 


-arkburft. CF. 
ks ll ie A. Ant. Par kburft. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


1548. and it is 
ne hath bene no 


133 


there are 
Dog fil, en 


e Temple ag haue found 
gn foun and, 


2 pour manifoln 
ine, but wholly 
ſo ready prett to 
ok good delircs, 
n cheir affaires: 
ing zeale to bee 
iclling mind and 


erefop 
Sea on the pibble and far 


r any thing Cm map take bp net as plentifully as pou do 
nd the ö a There be allo other 

tir calling requt- fatt as one would 

au an inſtrument 


vfoundland and 


to New found. 
pp ꝛ00 lag,, Te then halten vay Lobtters ft 
cher ſome, as ö paftime ended, J ſhewe them th 
d from zo. ale great Maltiue I haue, ad fap to mone then thus : Goe ketch me this 
who thinke their fF unt this Gentleman that connneth kram Kent and Chriftendome, bri 

e me to take luchh 

nmoditie by rea: i 
ne then cuer any kellov 

ſmingeth. But them notozious lies, 

ö ſaile of Span. is true. 

e) belides 20.5 Atolde pou once I doe remember how in my trauaile into Africa and America, 3{founn treeg 
popntidforthiy: ⸗ bat bare Ditters, which was trance to pou, till I tolde you that their boughes h 

moalp ate loss ter, on which both Ditters and uikles vin ſticke falt, as their pꝛopertie is, 

ire, accopding to Node to let cheſe merrie tales paſſe, and to come to eorneſt matters 

hing from them ſtand, chat Newfoundland is in a temperate Climate , and nat fo colde 

ters d other bi ⸗ fay, who finde it colde fomnetimes when plentie of Illes of pce 

mage, J thinke Fee land chep Mhall finde it hotter then in England in many parts of 

v aboue 50. falt, This colde commeth by an acciventall meanes , as by the yce 

uns, and not Heich partes of the woflde, and not by the ſituation of the c 

les, che molto Bey The coumtrey is full of little mall riuerg all the pere long 

tandreatonabip Fe Lendted boch o now amd raine: 

nd the burden of 
Sritaine, and te 
md krom 2. 0) 7. 5 
not there in uh 


nberftanv that!) 2 
eedes of herbes, F 
ppeelicthmanp Fe 
aking ot Pear: 
wberies Dew 
re nton 4 

| them perfectly , but their tteps thewen that their fecte 
nnn . Camels , J ſuppole chem to bee a kind of Buffes which 


1 


44 TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, Ad. Ant.Parkburft. 


— ·——ũuö— — 0 
reap to bee in the countreyes adiacent , and very many in the firme land. There bee allo to the 
8 and Sone in all parts fo plentifuily, that at noone dayes they take away our 
lech before our faces within lelle then balfe a paire of buts length, where foure anu twentie per: 
fons were turning of opie lil, and two dogs in fight, pet ftoode they not in feare till wee gaue 
thot and fet the dogs vpon them: the Beares allo be as bold » which will not pare at midday to 
to take pour fith befoze pour face, and I beleeue alluredly would not hurt any bodie vnleſle they be 
forced, 


wooꝛthy of remem: i . 
ch ol the riuer of c. 
thin 1 


fo) 


aue bene found to haue 
ett faith and pꝛomiſe, dl. 

enſe of my good feruice in Po 

em, if J had not defended 1 


By meanes where ol chey made me 
mee to come home with 
into 


e hundꝛed pound lolſe in that vopage. 
ici ite, to ſecke the 


to further the ſame 
ber, 1578. 


Yours to vfe and command 
Anrnony Parckuvrsr, 


The 


Parkburft. 


re bee alfo to the 
ey take away our 
and twentie per: 
are till wee gaue 
pare at midday to 
die vnleſle they be 


ofe parts difcour: 
excellent harbour 
reight called Bell 
ings meete foꝛ it 


time, if it doeſn 


Cartes to Labra. 
we thall finde ag 
ing then any yet 
ire vndoubtedly, 
e rockes in nine 
know move tou: 
sforthat J haue 
ainefull trauade, 
Butlers means, 3 
onthy ofremem: | 
the riuer of Ca. ; 2 
which may rie 

ther it be true | 
and about Cape | 
i chete be ſore, 
und alfo certain 
might turne to 
I baue bꝛouglt! 
chat if J had no. 

3 bad not failed 
te found to haue 
nd pꝛomiſe, di- 
good ſerui cen 
AD not defendeg 


but alſo forced 
ue ſent my man 
plication to the 
) of their goods 
as much fith ag 
reife mee what 
the ſuite: ma 
nd the touncell 
n that voyagt. 
te, to ſeeke the 
rton , J ſhall 
owne huſineſſe 
3. of NAouem⸗ 


id 


RST, 


The 


Braunted by 
biting and pl 


ts ſhall 


territories not actuall 


bis heires 
land : 
fue 


ament made againſt Fugitives 
Reale of England without licence, on any other acte, 
Contrary in any wife notwichtkanding. And wee 
beires and ſucceſſours, giue full auchopitie and 
allignes, and guery of them, that hee amd they, and cuery, 
euery tine and times hereafter 


ter ſhall be (pecially reſtrained by vs, our heires and fue 
HW de bilden 

res o alſignes, and eucrp 
ſo to be diſcouered oz polſeiſtd 


eas thereunto 


Sir H. Gilbertt pat. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


by che grace of God Queene of Eng 


y poſſeſled of Christian prince op pe , 
an ta euery oz any of them ſhall (eme goo sams jetanee 
7 care 


hall go 07 
diſcretiun of the layde fir Humfrey, and of his heires and affi 
ſuch as ſhall 


of them for euer, all the loyfle of all uch lands, co 
Cities, Cates, T 


her Maieſtie to Sir Humſrey 


anting of our people in America, 
land, ct. To all peo. 


come, greeting. no ve that ol our elpeci: 
giuen 


aud granted, and 


and graut ta 
Sit Humfrey Gilbert of Conran in 
is betres and 


tuer, 

— time to time and at all times fi 

unde, ſearch out, and ulem ſuch remote heathen au harbaroug 5 
ag 


NO? any of chem be frei wie ng 
e ſuch as her 

And further, that he the ſaid Hum. 
Fenisy to him his 


a8 0 
ablopning,to be had op ble tut 15 
thereat ¢ of eucry part thecenf m fee imple op ocherunie grun ute wich fu power tot 


» ACcopding to 
— As nere as the fame conueniencty may be, at his, ard their will ¢ 


being mn that (hall remaine within the of ve 
a fo all feruices,bueties ano Demaunds,che fife part of 
2 and at all times aferr ſuch diſcouerie, 
all whi 


and other goods and furnisur 


we doe by theie mefents bs, our heir ſi 
cence to the ſayde Sir Humffey Gilbert * ee 


thep, amb enk op amp of them hall, a map kum tine en, ue a them, chatbee arp 


if thep ſhall not bee b ted 
ai Chpitian ince beg nan, 


Ceuer , all and Cuery perfon 


ceffourg, giue and graumt li⸗ 


p 
loeuer, all, and euerp ſuch perfons whatſbeuer as without the 
fpeciall licence and liking of the fayo Spit Humfß ND of his bei 0 
inhabice withen the fay A Ane 


and alignes,thall 


the {pace of two h gues 


and pers 


e, which without the licence ot the 


ſapd 


opitic to correct, punith, 
etions and pollicies, as well 
all ſuch our fubticts and others, 
yd iournc ys 02 voyages habita⸗ 


by their oz any of their ſuffirient atturneys, de 
ot and tranſpoꝛt out of our Realmes of E 


d tommodities of any our 
vs, our heircs, ox ſucceſiours 
wilt doms 07 diſc clious 
bum the layd fir Humficy, 
and eutry oꝛ any of * 

ay 


fox the better reliete and ſnppoꝛtation o 
cuerp op aux ol them, and his aun their 


bis heires and alſignes, and 


Ster 
(aa 


full rettic 
thers foc 
Humfrey 
within fu 
put the Cas 
laid place 
and that f 
hetres,attt 
polſeſſion a 
to purfue t 
ned oz defe 
way belon 
Cethninn 


tum Pannonis 
noftrorum hom 
von ſolum com 
Ecelefarum pr 
hse noftra prof 
familtaritatem 
ut hoc a nobis / 
nom natio, nom v. 
tum conſili, mei 
uubul, quibuſcun 
hoc ſalua pietate 
‘Pannoniarum c 
Sufee fignificati. 


dum ſententiam, 


4 ego illud corp, 
fello,edque tali ac 
bus geltis paſum. 


ilb. pat. 


into any har 
jubtects of our 
p force of tem 
hips, vellels, 
g to che difere: 
hem. And for 
3 fo to bee pol. 
nd for the ber. 
d declare, that 
neefoorh thal 
{apd fit Hum. 
her perſon any 
oat sy of Re: 
p for * 

ol their 
softs land 
be inhabiting 
md map haue, 
bin our alle gi 


te lands, com 
hall aduenture 
eace and ciuill 
by that where. 
ſours are like- 
Humfiey and 
lay from time 
md in the way 
rect, puniſh, 
licies, as well 
ts and others, 
pages habita⸗ 
ys oʒ territo· 
ace o; places, 
heir allociats 
ng to ſuch ſla⸗ 
ſigneg, oꝛ (ues 
as afonefayd: 
ently may, a: 
saint the true 
) withdꝛaw a: 
ives op fuccel: 
eſents for vs, 
d welbeloucd 
md to the ion 
eires and furs 
pall, and may 
ertue of theſe 
B, end 
vs, deputic 

8 of England 

Mociates and 

8 of any our 

nfuccefiours 

dn Dit: etiong 

fir Humfrey, 

any of their 

faiy 


ſald aſſociat es and companies, any act, Aatute, lawe, 
not withſtanding. 

Hꝛouided alwayes, and our will and pleaſure is, and wee 
Rings, ppinces and fates, that il the Cain Sir Humfrey 


d vnlawlull hoſlilitie to anpof the Oubie 
heites, on ſucceſſours, 02 any of the Spubiects of any King, prince, 


ing then in perfect league and amitie with vs, our heires 02 ſucceſſours: 


(make open proclamation within anp the portes 
the laid Sir Humfre his heires oꝛ alli 


be limited: that then it hall bee lawfull to vs, our heires an 
put the laid Sir Humfrey, his heires and affignes, and a 


fatb plates to be diſcouerid as is alozeſoide, o2 any of ihe 
and that from and after fuch time of Putting out of protection the laide Sit Humffey, and his 
heires, alſignes, adherents and others ſo to be put out, an | 

polſeſſion and rule, ſhal be out of our pꝛotection and allegiance, and free fo? all Pʒinc es and others 
to purſue with hoſtilitie as being not our Dubiects, nod by vs any way to bee aduowed, maintal⸗ 

ned 03 Defended, no? to be holden as anyot ours, noꝛ to our pꝛotect ion, dominion 02 allegiance any 
wap belonging, for that erprette mention, xc. In witneſſe whereof, xc. CCitnete our ſelle at 

CCethnninkker the 17. day of June, the rwentiech o Dom. 1578. 

Per ipſam Reginam, cc. 


De Nauigatione Illuftris & Magnanimi Equitis aurati Humfredi 
Gilberti, ad deducendam in nouum Orbem coloniam ſuſceptà, Carmen 
, STEPHAN I PARMENII BypbII 


, fortiſſime Gil. 
arbarie Tur. 


tum Hannoni e noſtra tum imprimis ſalus adliuc 


. Gi tanta paſiim bumanitate acceptuseffem;vt iam fe 
hoc ſalus pietate A me dictum ) fuanifiime ji 


eAnglorum amicitie erme aboleuerint deſiderium . 
bus ſatris nomen debeo, Quas ab cauſſa 


j tonis edendi; accrdit vtique fecuna 
[emtentiam,vt dum ſalutandu Scognofiendis excellentibins iris Londini operam do, Ornatifiie 
musac dalliſiimus amicus meus Richay, Hakluytus ad fe me deduveris b 
Imo tuo de ducendla pr ” 


1 Sa 8, explicate miin pracian 
frepediim colonia in a orbems inflituto Que 


Que dum 5 . 
mi ego illud corpus & animum tuum ſempiterna | + i ais a 
felloedque tals ac tanta obfernantia profegni Caps; vt cum paul poft plura de tau —— re. 
bus geſtu paſum audsffem,tempus longe accommodat yfimum oxi (fj 


em effe quo ali qua parte officy 
Andygne 


Steph. Parmenins Budeius, Traffiques & Difcoueries, 
FFF Nettie. 


ruler, gouernour oz fate hee 
i and that vpon (uch iniu⸗ 
laint of any ſuch Prince, ruler, gouernour oꝛ tate, o 


137 


l que noſtri, erga te & tuam gentem per fung erer. Hoc eft primum onum, unde noftrum cu, 
ortginem ducit. Reliquum eft, ut eas & redeas qudm prosperrime, vir nobiliffime, & benenoſentia 
tua, antoritato, ac nomine, tucaro findinm noſtram. Cale pridie Kalen, eAprilis 1 583. 


Av Tuamustn, 
Manis, inoffenſa qui tam requiete beatus 
Antipodum quaris iam sibs in orbe locum: 
Nunc tibi e merit a, pro tempore, Landis 
Fecimus, & rauc a carmina dee tuba, 
Tum cum reddideris,modo quam aimittimus,Argo, 
Ornatu perages gaudis fefta nono. 


Sw, Vr nouatam ſubitò mutati gratia cceli? 
Vnde graues nimbi vitreas tenuantur in auras? 
Diffugiunt nebulz, puroque nitentior ortu 
Illuſtrat tertas, clementiaque ¢quora T 17 AN? 
Nimirum pofuere N or i, meliorque teſurgit 
Ev x vs, & in ventos ſoluuntur vela ſecundos, 
Vela quibus gentis decus immortale BA TAN AB 
Tendit ad iguotum noftris maioribus orbem 
Vix notis G ILE BERNT s aquis. Ecquando licebit 
Ordiri heroas laudes, & facta nepotum . 
Attonitis memoranda animis? Si cœpta ſilendum eft 
Illa, quibus noitri prifcis ætatibus — 
Conferri,& certate dies: quibus obuia plano 
Jamdudum F or TvNA ſolo, quibus omne pet yndas 
NeEReErDvM genus exultat, fauftoque tridenti 
Ipſe patet NE Rx Vs placabile temperat æquor. 
t paſſim Oceano curui Delphines ab imo 
In ſummos ſaliunt fluctus, quaſi terga para rent 
In quibus euectæ ſulcent freta profpera puppes. 
Et quaſi diluuium, tempeſtateſque minatur 
Follibus inflatis inimica in vela phyſeter. 
Et fauet Ax o N, & qui NEPTVNIAPRO TES 
Armenta, ac turpes alit imo in gurgite phocas, 
Atque idem modò ab antiqua virtute celebtat 
Sceptra CHALEDONIDVM: ſeclis modo fata futuris 
Pandit , & ad feros canit euentura minores. 
Vt pacis bellique bonis notiſſima vaſto 
Inſula in Ocꝝ AN o, magni decus ANGL1 A mundi; 
Poftquam opibus diues, populo numeroſa frequenti, 
Tot celebris factis, toto caput extulit orbe; 
Non inc auta fui, ne quando immenfa poteſtas 
Pondere fit ruitura ſuo, noua mœnia natis 
Qurtat, & in longum extendat ſua regna receſſum: 
Non aliter, quam cùm ventis ſublimibus sptz 
In nidis creuere grues, proficifcitur ingens 
De noſtta ad tepidum tellure colonia NIL VN. 
Euge, ſacrum pectus, tibi, per tot ſecula, foli 
Seruata eft regio nullis tegnata Mo x AxcH8. 
Et tripliei quondam mundi natura notata a 
Margine, & audacem quarto dignata C oL ym BVM; 
Tam quinta luſtranda plaga tibi, iamque regenda 
Imperio ſupereſt. Evropam ASAM qx telinque, 
Et fortunatam nimium, niſi ſole propinquo 8 
Arderet, LI n VE N: illis ſua facta — 
Terminet AL c1DEG: abs te illuſtranda quleſcit 5 
arte 


in 


3 


FON so 2 


Budeius, Steph.Parm. Budeius, Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 139 
75? — 2 


noftrum cn, Parte alla tellus, quam non Basyt 
c benenolentia Non 2 
1583. Attigit, 


Non ill 


minumque ignota propago; 
due illi noſttæ veniant ab 3 genie n 
deutandem a prifca Fa vN OR VM ftirpe ſuperſint 
Antiqua genitl terta, fine legibus vrbes 
Syluaſquè & pingues habitant ciuilibus agros: 
Et prifcos referunt motes, vitamque fequuntur 
TALTIAB antique, & primi rude temporis æuum: 
Cum genitor natifagiens Sat vr Nys obiram 
In LAr io poſuit ſedem, rudibuſque regendos 
In tenues vicos homines collegit ab agris, 
Aurea in hoe primim o ccepiffe feruncur 
Secula,fieque homines vitam duxiffe beati; 
Ve ſimul argenti Percutrens tempota, & æris, 
Degener in durum chalybem vile ſceret ætas; 
Rurlis in antiquum , de quo deſcenderat, aurum 
ic perhibent vates æuo vertente rediret. 
allor an eſt tem be videntus 


EuAr HTI k, 
Et quondam belloi 


eriora mihi licet, 
At verò ad niue 
erto oculos anim 
Teſtibus anti 
ur tibi numen honore 
eniorum caſta iuuentus 
era iuſſa vices che arguit 

Quddedm chata DO tua ſceptra 
Quam Dr , cum nondum ceelis 
Inter mortales regina e 
Quod colit haud vllis inclu 
Aurea libertas, & neſcia 
Securam ætatem tellus agi 


Quéd regio mullis iniurig genti , arma 
Arma licet fenugines rubicunda quiete, 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Steph. Parm. Budeius. 


Pacem & amicitias dulce s coli, arguit aurum. 

Denique fi fas eſt auro connectere laudes 

Aris, & in pacis venetati tempore fortes; 

Quot natos bello heroas, quot ahænea nuttis 

Pectoraꝰ Sint teſtes procerum tot millia,teftes 

Mille duces, interque duces notiffima mille 

Illa cui aſſurgunt M vs c, quam confcia Pa TL Las 

Latior exaudit, G11 ext glotia noſtri. 

Illius auxilium, & ſocialia pralia amici 

Mirantut BA O, & quamuis iniuſtus I par ys 

Commenvorat iuftas acies , domitaſque pet oras 

Martia victrices formidat Hise xn TA tutmas. 

Illum oppugnatæ quaſſatis turribus arces, 

Illum expug natæ perruptis mœnibus vibes, 

Fluminaque & vortus capti, hoſtilique notatum 

Sanguine ſubmerſe meminere ſub æquote claſſes. 

Hie vbi per medios proiectus Ss QvANA CII TA. 

Labitur, & nomen mox amiſſurus, & vndas. 

Omnia fi deſint, quantum eft ingentibus aufis 

Humani generis pro pace bonoque paciſei 

Tam varios caſus, feta tanta, pericula tanta? 

Linquere adhuc teneram prolem,& dulciffima facri 

Ofcula coniugij, numerantemque ordine longo 

AvCHERIAM digitis in mollibus, æquora 

Formidanda modi, atque inter paucarelatos 

AvCHERIOS exempla ſuos, fratremque paicemques 

Qui dum pro patria laudem & x virtute fequuntur, 

Obleſſi in muris ſoli portifque CA 187 1, 

Piæpoſuere mori,quam cum prodentibus vrbem, 

Et decus AL NORM, turpi ſupeteſſe ſalute. 
Quidd ſi parua loquor, nec adhuc fortaffe fatenda eft 

Aurea in hoc itetum noſtto — viuere mundo, 

Quid vetat ignotis ve poſſit ſurgere terris? 

Auguror, & faueat dictis Di vs, augurorannos, 

In . haud illo ſecus olim principe in vrbes 

Barbara plebs cot at, quam culm noua ſaxa vocaret 

AmPuion THEBAS, TROLANA ad mœnia PMs. 

Atque vbi fic vitrd iunctas fociauerit edes, 

Deinde dabit leges cuſtoditurus eafdem; 

In quibus ignati ciues fraudumque, dolique, 

A ſolida aſſueſcant potius virtute beari; 

bo genio & molli liquentia corpora vita 

In — ignauam, nes immergere luxum: 

Quam nummos, quam lucra fequi,quam propter honotet 

Viuere ad — ſtolidæ — 

Non illic generi vittus, opibuſue premetur 

Libertas populi, non contra in deſide vulgo 

Oppugnabit opes ciuis ſub nomine pauper: 

Quifque ſuo partem ftelix in iure copie 

Tum ſua magna parens ingenti foenore tellus 

— fudore dabit bona: cura iuuentam 

Nulla adiget ſenio, nec fic labor ocia tollet, 

Quo minus é virtute petant fua commoda ciues. 

O mihi ſclicem fi fas conſcendere puppim: 

Et tecum triã (pietasignofce ) reli 

Longinquum penetrate fretum, penetrare forores 

Mecum vn’ Aontas,illicexordiagentis. 

Prima nouæ ad ſeros tranſimittere pofle nepores | 


Stef 


SDA 


Sed me fata vetant, memotatuiuimque canord 

Inclyta facta tub’, ad clades miferabilis 1s Tu 4 

Iauitum tetrahunt. His his me fata teſeruent: 

Non deeric vates, illo qui cantet in orbe un 

Aut veteres populos, aut nollro incognita cœlo 

Munera natura ; dum ſpreto Ha 1c on & manebie 

Ila AAN pats factataQxonia Mufis, 

Dum loquor in vitidi feltinant gramine Nymphe, 

Impediuntque comas lauro, & flotentis olluæ 

Frondibus armantur, dominatricemque frequentes 

Oceani immenſi longè venerantur ELISA M. 

Illa autem ad gelidum celfis de turtibus amnem 

Profpicit, & iamiam TAME SINO in n 

Paulatin obliquis Gri eaer rym albefcere velis, 

dic dea PAN o {pectafled vertice PA LL A8 

Ferturlason1os comites ad PH IAI os vndas 

Vix bene dum notis committere carbafa yentis, 

Diva faue, nutuque tuo ſuſce parari 

Vela iuua; Si ſola getis diguifima totum 

Talibus aulpicijs proferti ceptra per orbem, 

Proptereꝭ quia fola tuos ita pace beafti 

Tranquilla populos, vt iam te — poſſint 

Augere impenj fines. Quia ſola videris 

Quo niuez CHARNIT ES, quo corpore D £2.14 virgo 

Pingitur, & iuſto G fit pro teſte vetuſtas. 

Talibus audimus quondam de matribus ortos 

St ub, Hhomines: tali eſt de fanguine magnus 

Siue HCT R genitus, ſiue Hx CT REmaior ACHILL ES: 

Duntaxat fine fraude vila, dine cri 1 7 Mfing 

Vila tibi veterum confetri nom is matti, 

Que fexum factis ſuperas, qu. pacribus a ics, 

Ny PHA, dijs dignas la E NJ. A1 N18. 

Mentior infeclix,nifi fic in cor gens 

Lucet formofo,ceu que ptecioſiot : 0 eit 

Gemma, tamen pariter placituro clauditur auro, 

Mentior, & taceo, niſi ſola audiris vbique 

Induperatorum timor aut amor, inter & omnes 

Securam requiem peragis tutiſſima caſus: 

Dum reliqui reges duro quaſi carcere clauſi 

dollicitis lethi dapibus, p enoque fruuntur 

Terrificis monſttis furtiua per ocia ſomno. 

Mentior & taceo, ſolam niſi viuereciues 

᷑ternùm cupiunt: quando nec verbere toruo, 

Nec cædis pœnæue thronum formidine firmas: 

Sed tibi tot meritis maieſtas parta, & inermis 

Ad patulos refidet cuſtos clementia poſtest 

Ve quot pene rei iuſtum meruete tribunal, 

Tot veniam grato nattent ſermone clientes, 

Nec tamen admittis, nifi quod iuftum que piumque 

Agnofcit probitas, & quæ potes omnia. ſolis 

Legibus vfurpas cautas fandtiffima vires, 

Nec mala formidas: fi quidem quaſi fune ligatus 

Conſilio fortuna tibi: Nullum impia terret 

In caſtris ; RL ONA tuis: Quin pronus adorat 

Ax apt vv tus iuſſa pater, fe uiturque vocantem 

Quacunqueingrederis grato victor plaufu, 

Dumque fores alijs, vitamque & regna tuetur 

Tanitor externus, cingunt tua limins ciue: 
Ot, 


Steph.Parmenius Badeins.Tr ques & Difcoueries, 141 
:. — ee 


a i442 TheEnglih Voyages, &c. Steph. Parmenius Budeus, 


Dumque alijs ſordet ſapientia tegibus, almo 
PEGAsipy™ tu fonte ſatur. tot A POLLINIS artes 
Aurea vaticina fundis quaſi flumina — 
Nil noftriinuenere dies, nil priſca vetuſtas 
Prodidit, in linguis peragunt commercis nullis 
Curistiapvm gentes,quas te, diuina virago, 
Iuſtius A on1 2 poſſint iactare ſorores. 
Audijt hæc mundus, cunctiſque in finibus ardet 
Impetio parére tuo: & qua forte recuſat 
Miratur vires tegio tamen. Hine tua ſceptra 
Incurua Ma HOMETIGEN@ cetuice ſalutant: 
Hinc tua pugnac es properant ad ſcedera GA LL H 
Dumque ſibi metuit toties tibi victus Ia E NM Vs, 
NefciaR omaNo GERMANIA Marte domati 
Quærit amicitias B AI ON VN: procul ofcula mittit 
Virgincis pedibus L a1 H Vu, long que remoti 
PANNONES intutos optantcoalefcere fines. 
Quinetiam qua ſubmiſſo diademate nuper 
Obtulit inuictis faſceſque fidemque BRITANNIS, 
Nonne vides paffis vt crinibus horrida dudum 
Porrigitingentem lugubris AMER1¢A dextramꝰ 
Et numquid lacrymas, inquit, foror ANG L 1A, noftras 
Reſpicis, & dura nobiſcum in forte gemifcis ? 
An vero neſciſſe pores, que tempora quantis 
Cladibus egerimus? poſſ quam infatiabilis auri, 
Namcerté non vilus amor virtutis IBeR os 
In noftrum migrare folum, pietaſue coégit. 
Ex illo, qua ſacta prius væſana litabam 
Manibus infernis, ſperans meliora, tuumque 
Diſcere poſſe Dx vu, iubeor mortalibus aras 
Erigere, & mutas ſtatuas truncoſque precata 
Neſcio quod demens Ro MA NV numen adoro, 
Cur trahor in terras? fi mens eft lucida,puris 
Cur Devs in cœlis reéta non quætitutꝰ aut fi 
A nobis ccelum petitut, eur ſæpe videmus 
Igne,fame, ferro ſubigi, quocunque reatu 
Oenotriæ ſedis maieſſas læſa labaſcitꝰ 
Non fic telligio, non fic me iudice gaudet 
Defendi fuaregna D £ v s, quòd fi optimus ille eft; 
Quod fi cuneta poteſt, & nullis indiget armis, 5 a 
Mitto queti cædes, exhauitaque inœnia bello: ] 
Mitto queri in vilestot libera corpora ſeruos ] 
Abiecta, immanique iugum Buſiride dignum. 
Te tantum fortuna animet tua te tua virtus: A 
Si tibi tam plenis habitantur meenibus yrbes, ne report 
Ve niſi in excelſum crefcant, ecæloque minentur ofour I 
Ades atria; quanquam latiſſuna, deſu ing him i 
Terra tamen populo: i tot tus flumina nigrant conuenie 
Turrigetas arces imitate mole carinæ, Of Flamd 
Quot non illa natant eadem tua flumina cygni. 4 notin the 
Si tibtiam ſub fole iacens penetratus vtroqueeft = mam and] 
Mundus, vtroque iacens peragrata ett tetta ſub axe, Gods fpe« 
Hugo wvitlobe- Ni fruftra gelidam vectus Wit oss ad arcton 
us equesaurauus. Tila in gente iacet, cui dum & cireinat 
Dimidio totus vir forfeen accidie sane. 
Nifruftra quæ ſiuit iter, taque bipenni 
Ebenen Illo FRosiservs redieum fbi — fecit, 


r Hortidun vbi ſemperpelagus, glacieque perenal 


ron. 


| 


Buderus. Feb. Permenius Budeius. Traffiques & Difcoueries, 143 


1 natiuos ſimulant pantie — 
Ni fruftra CimmMeERros, fylui que propinqua 
Flumina Rr P HAETS Coa profectus ad 1 
Mernia IxNCSON Vs, PER SASQVE & proxima Per srs 
Bactra, & BACTRORVYN confines regibus INx pos. 
Ni fruſtrà, quod mortali tot fecla negarant, 
Hac tuus immenfum — Dracys ambijt orbem, 
Qua pari Oc AN o clauſas eircumdate cerras 
Conceſſit natura viam, mediaque meare 
Tellure, & duplicifecludere littore mundos, 
Tam fi fortuna, iam fi virtute fequare 
Digna tua; ſunt monſtra mihi, ſunt vaſta 
Corpora, qua magno cecidifle fab 
Dedecus, OG1G1 
Que fi indigna pu 
Auerfare meos multo 
Inuidiofa petas: 
Et tantum bim 
regione CABOor ys 
ela Cotvms o. 
frigelcit ab arcto, 

eriles tonetur arenas: 
Frigus & æſtatem iuſto moderamine feruat, 
Siue leues auras, grati ſpiracula cœli, 
Seu diz telluris opes, & munera curas. 
Pone age te digno tua {ceptrain honore, meoque 
Iunge ſalutarem propius cum littore dextram, 
Sit mihi fas aliquam perte ſperare quietem, 
Vicinoque bono lætum illucefeere Solem. 
Quo d fi conſilijs ſuperum, fatifque negatum eft 
Durare immenſum ma in“ortunia tempus: 
Quod fide immerita iuftum eft ceruice reuelli 
Ignatum imperij dominum, populique regendi; 
Quod ſi nulla vnquam potuit ſupereſſe poteſtas, 
Ni pia flexilibus pateret clementia frenis 
Obſequium. A miti quæſita potentia Cyro 
Amiſſa eft ſæuæ ſoboli. Parcendo ſubegit 
Tot reges Mace nvm virtus, tot poftera ſenſim 
Abſcidit a parto tandem inclementia regno, 
Et quod No u vx 1s creuit ſub patribus olim 
Imperium, diri ſemper minuére NeRon BA 


A report of the voyage and fucceffe thereof ,attempted in the yeere 
ofour Lord 158 3 by fir Humfrey Gilbert knight, with other gentlem 


ing him in chat action intended to difcouer andto plane Chriftian in 
conuenient , vpon thofe large and ample countre 
of Florida, vying vader very temperate Climes, e emed fertile and rich in Minerals, 


not in the actuall pofleffion of any Chriftian prince, written byM. Edward Haies gentle. 
man. and principall ade inthe fame voyage, who alone continued vnto the end,rnd by 
Gods ſpeciall aſſiſtance returned home with his retinue fafe and entire, 


Any voyages haue bene py 
nation ef tract biftrurtp 


keys, ext 
henotplontng ether ae 
. pere both bp the lite we pet do actually posTette 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, Sir H. ilbert. 

1 tt - i aa 
of the viches and lecrets within thofe lands, which vnto this day we know chiefly by the trauell 
and report of other nations, and molt of the French, who albeit they can not challenge {uch tight 
and inte reſt vnto the lapd countreys as we, neither theſe many peeres haue had oj portunity nor 
meanes la great to diſcouer and to plant (being vered with che calamities of ntettine warres) as 
we haue had by the ineluunable benefit of our long and happy peace: pet haue they both waies per 
formed more , and had long fince attained a ſute poſſeſſion and ſerled gouernment of many pꝛo 
uinces in thole Noꝛtherly parts of America, if their manp attempts into thofe fozren and remote 
lands had not bene impeached by their garboils at home. 

be toads U The firſt dilcouery of theſe coalts (neuer heard of vefore) was well begun by Iohn Cabot the 

Fionda an ddl, father, and Sebalttan bis ſonne, anCuglitiman borne, who were the firtt finders cut of all that 

sourced by the great tract of land ftretching from the cape cf Floridabnte thofe J lands which we new call the 

Enguſh nao Neu toundland: all which they brought and annered vnto the crowne of England. Since when, 
it wich like viligence the learch of inland countreys had bene followed, as the diſcout ry vpon the 
coat, and out- parts therof was performen by thole two men: no doubt her Maieſties territozies 
and revenue had bene mightily inlarged and aduanced bp this day. And which is moze; the lecn 
of Chrittian religion had bene ſowed amongſt thole pagans , which by this time might haue 
bꝛought fooꝛch a moſt plentifull harueſt and copious congregation of Chꝛiſlians; which mutt be 
the chiefe intent of luch as ſhall make any attempt that way: 07 els whatfoeuct is builded vpen 
other foundation ſhall neuer obtame happy ſucteſſe nop continuance, 

And although we can not prectfelp iudge (which onely belongeth to God) what haue bene the 
humours ol men ſtirred vp to great attempts of difcouc ring and plant ing in choſe remote coun: 
treys, pet the euents do thew that either Gods cauſe hath not bene chielly pꝛekerred by them, o 
els God hath not permitted lo abundant grace as the light of his woꝛd and knowledge ol him to 
be yet reuraled vnto thole infinels before the appointed time. * 

But mot alluredly. he only cauſe of religion hitherto hath kept backe, and will alſo bring fo: 
ward at the time allignes by God, an effectuall and compleat diſcouery ¢ poſſeſſion by Chuſlians 
both of thoſe ample tountreys and the riches within them hitherto concealed : whereof notwich⸗ 
Landing Godin his wildome hath permitted to be reuealed from time to time acertaine obfcure 
anv miſty knowledge, by little and little to allure the mindes of menthat way (which els will be : 
dull enough in the zeale of his caufe) and thereby to prepare vs vnto a teadineſſe to the executi: | a 
on of his will ag unſt the uc tune ogdeined, of calling thofe pagans vnto Chaillianup. 1 

u ſi condde · ¶ In the meane while, it behooueth euery man ok great calling, in whom is anp inflict of inch 

n nation vnto this attempt, to eramine his owne motions: which tf the lame pꝛotced of ambition or 
auaxice, he may allure bunfelfe it comme th not of od, and the refoze can not haue confidence! 
Gods protection and alliſtance agaatt the violence (els irrefiftable) both ol ſea, and inlinite pe: 
rils vpen the land whom God yet may vfe an inſtrunient tokurther his cauſe and gloꝛy Comic way, 
but not to butid vpon fo bad a foundation. 

Otherwiſe i his motives be de riued from a vertuous v heroycall minde pꝛekerring chiefly the 
honour of God, compaſſion of pooze inſidels captiued by the deuill, tyꝛannizing in mow w oonder 
full and dꝛeadkull maner ouer their bodies and loules; aduancement of his honed and well diſpo⸗ 
led count reymen, willing to accompanphimin ſuch honourable attions; reliefeoffundzy people 
within this realme dillrelled: all theſe be honoꝛable purpoſes imitating the na. ure of che mum 
cent God, wher wich he is well pleafeo, who will ait ſuch an actour beyond expectat on of man. 

Wrobadle cone And the fame, who keeleth this inclination in Hunielfe, bp all keluhoov may hope oz rather conf: F 
Gee Boop dently repole in the preordinance of Gop, that in this tatt age of the world (0) likely newer) the | 
. time is compleat of receuung allo theſe Gentiles into his merty, and that God will reiſe hun an 
Engh mne inſtrument to effect the ſame: it feeming probable by tuent of precedent attempts made bythe 
on is pollelle, Spanpards and French fundjp times, that the countreps lying Mozthel Florida , God hath res 
ſerued the fame to be reduced vnto Chridian ciuility by the Engliſh nation. For not long after 
that Chriftopher Columbus had diſtoue red the Iſlanbs and continent cf the Wen dies fo; 
Spaine, Iohn and Sebaftian Cabot made viſtouery al(o of the reft from Florida N atbs to 
the behoole of England. 1 
che S · And whenlocuer afterwards the Spanyards (very pꝛoſperous in all their E outherne dil: 


tous mtb ueries) did attempt any thing into Florida and thoſe regions int l ning cowards the Nonh, they 1 whom 


Fiennes, Pied TSS Unhapppen Sete et lengeh dilceuraged veterly by ehe bern anu lamentable (uccelle Be rem 
vet Unhavvy ol many both religious and valiant in at mes, ende uouring to bung thole Non herly regions als now proceed te 
pa ang AW vnder the Spantth turildiction; as if God had ppelcribed limes vnto the Srpanith nation wach Gey Gülben, be 

they might not exceed: as by their owne gells recopded map be aptly gathered. 3 Tuben rds 


Gilbert. Sir Hum. Cilbert. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 145 

v bp the traucit be French. as they can petenz elle title onto there HMojtherne parts then the Spanparp, ede genp 

enge fuch right bp bow much che Spauyary made the lirſt dilcouery of the lame Continent ſo far 9 as — 1 

A poitumtp nor tonto Florida, and the French did but reulem that befoye diſtouered by the Engliſp nation, bfurpy: rnb. 

une warres) as ing vpon our right, and impoling namen pon cvuntreys, riuers, bapes, capes, oz headlande, ag if 

boch wales per. tber bab bene the firtt findes of thole contts; which intuty we offered not onto the Spanverns 

nt of many pꝛo but left off to diſcouer when we zoched the Spaniſh limits: euen fo Gov hath not hitherto 

ren and remote pernueted them to eſtablich a pollettion permanent vpon anothers right , not withManoing their THe “Abbie 
manifolde attempts, in which che illue bath bene no lelle tragitall then that of the Dpanypards, as m thole Morty 

lohn Cabot the bp their owne repopts is ertant. bart ot Aine. 

s cut of all that N Then ſeeing the Englith nation onelp hath right vnto theſe coumtrepg ot America from the & doof incon. 

we new tall the cape of Florida Noftblward bp the privilege of ft difcouery, vnto which Cabot was authopiſeb ißt Erg 

d. Dince when, ppregall authority, and fer forth by the expenſe of our late famous king Henry the ſeuenth: which nation,tu pics 

diesern ache Cremer trongiy ations ¢ ett be the powwertull bano of almighty gap, aun. oti 

Ries cervitorics 1 ji the enterpaifes of other nations: it Map greatly incourage ys vpon fo iuſt ground oli of Ame, 

moze; thefeco 2211s our right, and vpon fo latred an intent, as to plant religion (our right and intent being meet 

me might beuc Foeunbarbons fopthe fame) ta profecute effectually the full pottetlion of thote fo ample ano pleas 

 Mabich mut be Sane rountteps appertetning unto the trowne of England the fame (as is to be toniecturen by 

is builded vpen titmlallible arguments of the woplos end app; being now arriued vnto the time by God The due time 
pꝛeſcribed of their vocation, if euer their calling vnto the knowledge of God Map be expected. avpiocdcch by 

at haue bene the GLibich allo is verp probable by the rcuolution and courte ut Gods too7d and religion, which from cane terre 

ſe remote coun⸗ 5 


red by them, o 
pledge of him to 1 


of 
tp bp the Shall wherebp me gather, ehat adler bs Sou money 
: man Bearded cbozawout the worin halbe the eng. and asthe ee when it delcended Mieſt ul. 
ll alſo bping fo: ward began in the z and afterward prend into the Bozthot Europe: euen ſo, ast e ſame 
on by ee * beth began inthe auth countrepsof America, noleffe May be gathertd that it will alta 
hereof no 533 Spread 
certaineobicure | Theſe conſiderations map to fuppyetfeallbyeave iting of earn euents ina ts made 
vhich cis will be! this way by other nations , as anf Fanaa ace ano ue ibe ae enteric ese 
toʒ the erecuti: woꝛthy gentleman our countrpman fir Humfrey Gilbert knight, who was the of our nation 
amity, + Shatcaried people toerect an habitation and government in thofe 2oathertp councreps of Ame. 
inſlinct of in- rica. About n ed albeit be bar confumen much fubdance, and lat bis life at lat, his people alfa 
Dof ambition o: thing for the mot part: pet the thereof leaue unto God, a b e charttably 
aue confidence“? of the cauſe ( which was if in all Precence) and of the perſon who was very seatous in pos 
end innite pe: | fecusing the fame, Snourable remembpance fo) is goovminve, and expenſe of lite in 
sloop ſome way,, fo vertuous an enterppife, lle, leaſt any man dtperample 
ss UF other folks calamity, and mifo mers Wine eli all acempestntenveo chat wap a 
ring chieflythe! bought good, fo farre ap mpfelke wan an eye witnete, in beiter e circumtance and maner of 
Amol woonders dur proceedings in that action: in which the gentleman was ſo inforeunatelp incumbꝛed with 
N and well diſpo⸗ wants, and woo} Matched with many ill vifpoted people, his rare i and regiment 
ol ſundzy people premeditated fo) thole ente thectneyueete ates, ¢ in funoyperteceiteste pole 
wee of the mum; on a courſe. mope to vpholde credit, then likely in his owne anew en fucceen, 
ectat on of man. The iſſue of ſuch actions, alwayen mi not guined by d, who abhozreth confuſl · 
ob rather con- an anddiſqyder, for (being che attertpe bp our nation to plant) vnto 
likely newer) the ſuch as thall cake the fame caufe in band bereafter not ip be dilcouraged fromit: but to make men planting 
will tetfe human eo Wis 0 bigh annercellent matters, as te caries of ye Woz into maß ge zg 
npes mane byte] shofevery mighty and vat? countreys. An action voubelette not to be intermedled with baie pur ted wity reuse 
da, Ood hathtt - poles; as many baue made thefame but a colour to Chabot actions othertuife (carte iulttfable: e 
fornot long alter“ mat boty excite Gods beaup tuogrements inthe end, tothe Of weake mindes fromthe Au actions co» 
‘Welt Indics(s | ange, without pondering his am proceedings : ano boch aifo incente fopeen pꝛinces againſt our — 7 
De warste nttempts bow ing r, who can not but derme the l vnto thete Pate (if wave see 
‘io: cal panne we outa grow to drength) ſeting the very ar ented mith ſpole. 
Doutherne dio And tnitly penounced won sealetowarrs Bons caule, allo towards thoſe in 
the Non, they F . bonourabte onto eis action of ptenine dit AND religi · 
mentable dure f sat ene ane nations of America (Inco whom I with att bappinette) 1 wil 
ane = — — to relation — ol our voy Hum. 
niſh nation > Gey beg and ended v. 
nk BWR Sen Finne tber naa te tederne Money ot America, ahn 


procurep 


14.6 


Che fir and 
ra⸗ 


great prepa’ 
tion of fir Ha. 


The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Sir H. Gilbert. 1 Hir. 


pꝛocured from her M ueſty a very large commiſſion to inhabit ¢ poſleſle at his choice all remote Ro 
and heathen lands not in the actuall polſeſſion of any Chꝛiſtian pꝛince, the fame commilſion exem· the Du 
plified with many pꝛiuileges, ſuch as in his dilcretion he might demand, very many gentlemen Bp! 
ol good eftimation dat mu vnto him, to aſlociate him in fo commendable an enterpꝛiſe, fo that the necellit 


Preparation was expected to grow vnto a puillant fleet, able to encounter a kings power by e:: ging wi 
neuertheleſſe. amongũ a multitude ot voluntary men, their viſpoſitions were diuers, which bꝛed ceurrent 
larre. and mabe a diuſſion in the end to the confufion of chat att myt euen belope the lame was be · be great 
gun. And when the hipping was in a maner pꝛepared men ready vpon the coaſt to go aboo zd: to ALi 


at that time ſome bpake conlozt, and followed courſes degenerating from the voyage befoze pres Whe 
tended: Others failed of tycir pꝛomiſes contracted, and the great et number were diſperſed lea · ward, an 
ung the Oenerall with few of his alfured friends , with whom he aduentured to fea: where har ter our ri 
uing taſted of no lefle miſtoꝛtune, he was (hoptly dʒiuen to retire home with the lolie of a tall ſhip, procecdi 
and (moz¢ to his griefe) of a valiant gentleman Miles Morgan. red to ou 
ien r Dauing buried onely in a pꝛeperat on a great maſſe of fub@ance, wherby his eltate was impai: ders ta be 
iiumiey Gilbert, Fed, his minde pet not diſmaid. he continued his former deſignment ¢ purpofe to reuiue this enter lers ot e. 
1 octaſion ſeruing. Apon which determmation Landing long, without meanes to latilſy Euery 
his vefire; at laſt he granted certaine aſſignments cut of bis cõmiſſion to ſund zy perſons of meant open: in 
Ability, veliring the pꝛtuilege ot hie grant, to plant x fo tilie in the Noꝛth parts ol America abolt coat op th 
riuer of Canada, to who tf God gaue goodfuccefle in the Noꝛth parts where then io matter we ſhould 
ol moment was expected) che fame (he theught) would greatly aduante the hope ol the South, met altogt 
be a furtherance vnto his determination that way. And the woplt that might happen in that courſt ſayd wate! 
might be excuſed without pyeiudice vnto h m vy the former ſuppolition, that thole Porth regions of wenthe 
were of no regard: but chiefly a poſſeſſion taken in any parcel of thoſe heathen countre ys, by ver: il watel a 
tue of his grant, did inueſt him of territozies extending euery wap two hund ed Leagues : which The ree 
induced fir Humfry Gilbert to make thoſe allignments. veſiring greatlp their expedition, bet auſt owne coaſt 
bis commuffion did expire after fir ptres i in that fpace he had not gotten — — to an enemy) 
Aland yee Time went away w thout any thing done bp bis alli nes: in ſomnch that at lal he mul re ſolut 
Rag lar biml. ltr to take a boyoge in perlon, to; moze allurance to heepe his patent in lot, which then a / Orders 
mot w u expired oʒ within iwo peres, = byth 
Ju furtherance rf bis determination, amongſt cthers fir George Peckam knight che wed hi * 
ſalte very ze alous to the action, greatly aiding dim hoth by his abuice ¢ in the charge Other ge / x 
tlemen to their ability ioy ned vnto h m, reſoluing to aduenture th ir ſubſẽ ante e liues in the lo 
tauſe. Tho beginning their preparation from that time, both of h pping enumtion, vic tual, men Ut 
requific, ſ me of them iðtinued the charge two peres compl at without intermiffion, B 
Such were the difficulties and crofle actidents oppoling the ſe proceedings, which tookt not ed ‘Laile againe ; 
in leſle then two peres: many of which tirtumſtances J will omic, 4 Item 
The lak y. ce of our allembly , before we left che coat of England , was in Cauſet bay neten bis other ligt 
vnto Plimmouth ; then refolucd to put vnto the fea with Hipping andpzoutfion, Cuch as wi ban, 5 Item 
Lefope our More pet remaining, but chieflp chetime and featon of the pecre, w. re too forre (peat, as one that d 
tt dlirũt very doubefull by what way te ſhape our courte and to bi gin our i them twife ag 
tender diſtouerr, either from the South Nazthward, op from the Moyth South wad, with to lirike 
Senn The fir, thatis, beginning South, without all controuetſie was the brief, wherein ve 5 Item, 
" were afluren to haue comumonity of the current, which from the cape of Florida ſetteth Fc F the admicall, 
ward and would hane furthered greatly out nauigation, vifcoucring from she fopcfapo cape aking | itt be cleere. ¢ 
— — hote lands lying to the Soph, kteuening, ande 
Lene Allo the pere being farre (pent, and arriutb to the monech of June, we were not to ſptud tine let ward fo nee 
from gauge in gt heriy court, wdere wwe houtd be ſuryyited wich timely TMinter, but ts couet the auß, 7 Atem 
Na which we had (pace enough ihen to haue attained and there might with lelle detriment haue wan 4 of another in tb 
a tredehat leaſon, being moze milde and (hope m the Mouth then in the Moreh where winter isto | i Atem e 
long anv rigorous, wu the Ocean 
Theſe and other like reafons alleged in fauowe of the Moutherne tvurſe firſl tu be taken tote 9 Item, if 
contrary was inferred: that foratmuch as both our victuals, and many other needfull prouttions f and pzeſentiy to 
wert bimini (hen and left inſuffitient fo) ſo long a voyage, and fon ibe wintering of ſo many ner, with ane Lights 
we ought to ſbape a courte moſt likely counter fupplp ; and that was to take the Newfound · ¶ baue ſcene ber te 
land in eur mag, webieh wen ber ſeurn Sunvren lesertes from eur Engutd coat, Kiter being: % Lem 1 
ſually at that time of the ye re, and vntill the fine of Augutt, a multitude of ips rtpatring thurn imm ta come 
for dch, we ſhould be reliened abundentlp with manip necellaries, which alter the Siding emed wis deem, if 
they might well {pare ano freely iupart buco vs, Wies elch 


Roi 


I. Cilbert. 


Sir Humfrey Gilbert. Traffiques & Dif coueries. 


88 147 


; n that Newland coaſt, we might pꝛoceed Southward, and follow fii 
boite all remote 9 l places moze temperate to aur content. : 
m ma Bp which reaſons we were the rather induced to follow this S2ortherlp courte, obeying wnto 1 
naup gentlemen 1 oft which mult be fupplien, Otherwile, we doubted that ludden appꝛoch of Winter, byn⸗ couerp frd the 
delle, forhattbe = net — tt continuall fogge and thicke mutts, cempett and rage of weather; alſo Cancraclety of fen en 
s power by ſe:: ging 6 delcending from the cape of Florida vnto cape Briton and tape Raſe, would fall out to ites in begin. 
ers which bied sz q — and ierefifable impediments vnto our further Noctceding fop that yecre, and compell us mg Morty. 
Wanne, to nter in thole $20 th and colbe regions. i 
att to go aboo zd: ma Wiberfope ſuppꝛeſſing all obiections to the contrary, we reſolued to begin our courte Mogthe 
page beloꝛe pies | warp and to follow direct iy as we might, the trade wap vnto Newioundland: from whence afs 
te diſperſed lea · 1 — reftething and reparation of wants, we intended without delay (by Gods permilſion) to 
fea: where ha · procecd into the South, not onutting anp riuer oꝛ bap which in all that large tract ot land appea⸗ 
olle of a tall fhip, red to our vie woꝛthy of ſearch. Amme diatly we agreed upon the maner of our courſe and oꝛ⸗ 
ders ta be oblerued in our bopage; which were deliuered in wiiting vnto the captaines and ma⸗ 
te, Hers of euerp thip a copy in maner following, 
— eae Cucrp Chippe bad delivered two bullets on rules, the one fealen bpin ware , the other lelt 
neanes to ſatiſſ n open: in boch which were included ſeuerall watch wozbs. Chat open, ſeruing vyon our owne 
erlons of mem 5 coaſt oꝛ the coaſt ot Ireland the other ſealed, was pomiledon all bands not ta be ken vp vntill 
America about wle ſpould be cleere of the rip coal; which kram thentefoonth did lerue until. we arriued and 
e then uo matter ; met altogether in luch harbors of the Newfoundland ag were agreed lo our Rendez vouz. The 
ol the South, ¢ 7 fapo watch- words being requifit to know our confozes whenſoeuer bp night, either by fortune 
en in that courte 2. of weather, our fleet difperled ſhould come together againe ; 02 one lh uld bale another; oz if by 
Hoꝛtb regions | Fil watet and Meerage one ihip ſhould chance to fall aboonp of another in che darte. 
untreps, by ver 1 The reaſon of the bullet lealed was to keepe fecret that watch. wozd while we were bron our 
leagues + wu? alone coat, ict anp of the company ttealing from the fleet might bewpap the fame; which knowen 
edition, be tauſt * enemp, he might booꝛd vs by night without mideut, hauing our owne watch- wozd. 
. ae (Orders agreed vpon bythe Captaines and Matters to be obferued 
: : by the lect of Sir Humrey Gilbert, 
bt dhe wed him: | Uf the Admiral to tary his flag by day. and his tight by night. 
ge. Deber ger“ 1 2 1 tk the Aomirall hall thopten his Salle by nighe, then to thew two lights 
liwes in the Come La untili he beanfwered againe by euery thip ſhe wing one tight fo? a (hope time. 
on, victual, men, 4 , Fam, if the Avmicall after his woztening of lalle, a8 afodeſapd, tall make moje 
ut intermillun. faile againe : then be co het thpee ligben one aboue 0 
cy tooks mee 4% Atem webe Aömrall hall happen to bull inthe night, chento make a wanering light ouce 
1 0 wauering the light vpon a pole. 
~aufer boynttu „, Item, ifthe fleet Hout happen to be lcattered by weather, op other mithap, then fo fone 
» fuch as we ba, as one hail deſcry another, to hoiſe both toppe faites tue, it the weather wilt ferue, and to Qrike 
i — dem tuule game: bur ifthe weather lern. we, then to hoile the maine top lale wilt, and foxths 
uuuth to rike it twiſe againe. 
umd. Item, it it Hall happen a great fogge to fall, chen pꝛeſently cuerp thippe to beare bp with 
t, wherein ie the admitall, if there 3 * butif it be acalme, then euery Chip co bull, and fo to lie at bull till 
a ſetteth Natith⸗ u be cleere. Ind il che fogge do continue long, then the Admiral to {hoot off two pieces euery 
claro cape along a Cuening, and cuery fhip to ant were it with one ſbot: and eutry man bearing to the ſhip, chat is to 
2 lerward fo nere as he may. 
— 17 Item, eue ry maſter to — charge vnto the watch to looke out well, fo2 laying aboor ong 
7 = ofanoeber in the n and in forges, 
inne g . — — Chip Co bait: the anmiralt, u foto fall atterne bim failing thos 
re winter is boch a Tato the Decan : ano being on the coat, ewer» thip to bale bot and cuening, 
= 99 Bem, if amp ſhip be in danger any wap, by leake Op other wile, then the to thoot off a piece, 
be taken toe aud prefentipto bang out one ligbt, rene nme tobeate towards ber, anCweeing ber 
Salon with one light foo a thoze time , anv lo to put it out againe; thereby to gine knowledge that they 
he Newfound FF . ste Sasaicart dali pang out pes entigne inthe maine Gowns, then eue · 
Aer beg Wim 60 come aboopd ‘er a3 a token of countell, 
amen arge e enen ae Po contraty lune ca the feet alter the de tourrp uber 
nen a , thep are ſrparated: 


cutex hip tu rtpaite onto theis las goon pope, there te W 
Roi 


— —— — — Fä— . 
148 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Sir Humfrey Gilbert, 


Our courſe agreed vpon. 


De courſe firſt to be taken for the vifcouerp is to beare directly to cape Rafe, the moſt 
Douther ly cape ol Newfound land; and there to harbour our ſelues either in Rog. 
neux 02 Fermous, being the firtt places appointed ſoꝛ our Rendez vous, and the next 
© harbours vnto the Noꝛthwarn of cape Raſe: and therefore euer (hip Ceparated from 
the fleet to repaire to that place ſo falas Gon (hall permit, whether pou hall fall to the South. 
ward oꝛ to the No iHwardok it, and there to Map (op the meeting of the who e fleet the {pace of 
ten dayes; and when pou ſhall depart, to leaue marks. 


A direction of our courſe vnto the Newfound land, 


Eginni nv courſe from Silley, che neereſt is by CCettfourhwert (ifthe winde ſerue) vn. 

till uch ovis as we haue brought our ſelues in the latituve of 43 02 44 degrees, betauſe the 
Ocean is {i ..cce much to Doucherlp windes in June and July. Then to take traucrle fron: 45 
to 47 degrees of latitude, if we be infoꝛced by tantrary windes: and not to gota the Moth word 
or the height of 47 degrees of Septentrionall latitude by no meanes ; i God halt ut infoꝛct iy: 
tontrary; but to do pour indeuour to Keepe in the height of 46 degrees, fo ne ay hννẽma poll. 
bly, becauſe cape Rafe lieth about that height. 


Notes. 1 


II. by contrarp windes we be dꝛiuen backe vpon the caaſt of England, then to repaite vnto dil. 
ley for a place of our aſſembly oꝛ metting. 

It we be dziuen backe by contrarp winos that we tan nor yatle the coe ol Ireland, then the 
place at our aſſembly to be at Beare hauen oz H altimote haucx. 


ton, orthe neereſt harbour vnto the Te ſtward of cape Briton, 


alien corners to Ano where te unde them, 

The marks iy”: very ian ought to leaue in (uch a cafe, were of the Generale prwate deuice 
witten by himfelfy, i siro n ciofe tire, and deliuered vnto cuerp fhippe one lcroule, which 
was vat to be operied de, are oion required, whereby euery man was certified what to leaue fo} 
inſtruc tion of alter com h euerp of vs comming into any harbour oz riuet might know 
who — bene there, ; Apscher any were llll there vp higher into the riuer, op departed, and 
which way. 


Beginning ot Oꝛders thus determined, and pꝛomiſes mutually giuen to beobferued, cucrpman withorew 
be bopage . himlelle vnto his charge, the ankers being already weyed, and our ſhippes vn der fatle, hauing 


dur Lox 1 5 8 2, hauing in our fleet (at our departure from Caulet bap) the ſe ſbippes, whole 


as followeth: 


then Uice- admirall: in which went M. Butler taptaine, and Robert Davis of Briftoll mater, 


Edward Hayes captaine and owner, and William Cox of Limehoufe matter, 
4 The Swallow, of burthen 40 tunnes: in her was captaine Maurice Browne. 


one Cade matter, 


kauen in which 8s 


It we hall not happen to meet at cape Kale, then the plate of Rendez vous to be it cape Bri. f iO 


Fk by meanes of other Hipping we may not / ely Ray there, the n to rel at e very nert fa: 
pont the TTeumard: euery ſhin leauing their markes behinde them oz ehe mode certainty of rhe bs 


foft gale of winde, we began our voyage vpon Tuelday the eleuenth day of June, in the pereof 


names and burthens, with the names of the captaines and matters or them, J haue alfo inſerttd, 


1 The Delight a The George, of burthen 120 tunnes, was Admiral: in which went 
she Generall, and William Winter taptaine in her and part owner, and Ric hard Clearke matter, 
2 The Barke Raleigh fet forth by M. Walter Raleigh, of the burthen ol 200 tunnes, was 


3 The Goldenhinde, of burthen 40 tunnes, was then Reare-adimirall : in which went 


$ The Squirrill, of burthen 10 tunnes: in which went captaine William Andrewes, and 


@ucfeetcons Ae were in number in all about 260 men:among whom we had of euerp faculep good choicr, 


alfa 


Ses a nch as Shipweights, Balons, Carpenters, Snthes, end lurh like, requifece tach enerten ee 


mec badabout Minerall men and Kefiners, Beſides, fop ſolace of our ptople, and allurt ment of the Sauages, 
rourtons fit We Were pꝛouided of Muſike in good variety: not omitting the leaſt topes, as Mozris dancers, 
artes dle / Hobby ho lle, and Paylike conceits to delight the Baus ge people, u hom we 2 


adnura 
Fro 
day wit 
ten So 
Abot 
ping ont 
ther fall 
fopined 
weli,an! 
grees al 
Alſo: 
heepe fo 
bpan ihe 
the third 
Datu 
uen vpon 
whereby 
Bekoꝛ 
are high 
being con 
vaine of n 
oaehwai 
ol this bar 
ouer, haun 
no ground 
tugals, ant 
an hundzed 
bp July. C 
Durin 


Sir Humf.Gilbert. Traffiques,and Diſcoueries. 


— 149 
is ip a ai ate xx—— — V— 

bp all faire meanes polſible. And to that end We were indiffe rently kurniſped of all pett 8 

achte wares tu barter with thoſe ſimple people, petiy haber 


y Gilbert, 


An this maner we fet forwaro, departing (as bath bene ſaid) out of Ca ſon bay the eleuenth June 11. 
e Rafe, the moll dap of June being Cuelvap. the weather and winde faire and Dall Dap, but a great 
B either in Rog. 4 lame spies ae 
us, and che nert Thurfoay folowing, 
ſeparated from 
. to = — not withſtand 
eet the tpace o b repaited that they were intetted 
with a contagious ſicknelſſe, and arriueo great i diſtreſſed at Plimme th: the poe could — 
vnderſtand. Sure Jam, no coſt was {paced by their owner Pater Paleigh infecting them loꝛch: 
id. Therefore J teaue it vnto Goo, 
By this time we were in 48 degrees of latitude, not a lit tle grieued with the loſſe of the mot 
pinde ſerue) vn. ˖ i 
res, betauſe the 
rauerſe fron: 45 From Saturday the 15 of June vntill the 28, which was von a Friday, we neuer had faire June 1 3 
the Noth ward day without fogge oz raine, and windes bad, much to the CA: 


ut infoyce typ 
ag ut ports 


noꝛthweſt, whi reby we ö 
uen Southward vnto q1 degrees {cai fe, t hereby were dpi: 


epaire brite Sil. 

eland the Ifo Wwe Were incombged with much fogge and miſts in mancr alpable, in whi 

beepe fo well together, but were dilſtuered, lofing the companic ofthe Swalle uh he gan 5 Deas i 

o he at tape Bi. vpon ſhe 20 dap BE July, whom we met againe at ſcuer 15 


ne, 


all places vpon th Newfound]. nden e ces 
e New! 

7) thethirdof Auzutt, as thatbe veclared in place conuenit ound land coat ddt Nen 
be very nert ſa e 

tettalnty of ige 


(2 pꝛuute deuice 


e (croule, w if | ate bth grounds rifing within the fea and under water, 
phat pe being commonly not lelle then 25 and 30 fadome water 


vpon them: the fame (as it wer from Rol 

uet might know Datne of mountames within the f ea) doc runne along, and trom the . — be — ta Sant, 
ndeparted, anv fe” Hogthward about 52.0253 degrees al latitude. q do extend into the South infinitly, The baenely leagues, in 

br this bar ke is fomewyere moze, and ſome where leſſe: but we found the fame about 10 leagues 41 Day: 

! * — 5 32 * — an 3 — * toward Newfound land, but founp 30fabome 

man withore [ee no 200 fadome of line, both be de g after we had palled the banke. The 390 
fre e,bauings Fy — tugals, and French chiellp. haue anotable trade of fihing upon this * — 2 baa? 
ie, in the pereof an hundzed oz moe Cailes of hips: who to nmonly beginne the liſbing in Amiel, and haue enucd 
Ahippes,, whole BRP by Tulp, Chat ſich is large, alwayes wet, hauing no land necre to dale. and is called Corte fith, 
we allo üer. During the time ol ſſching, a man ſhall know without founving when he is vpon the banke, 
| bp cheincredibte multitude of fea foul bouering ouer the ſame, to pap vpon the olfalles ¢ gar: vbundance of 

sin which wan ia ac chpotwen out bp ülhermen, and floting vpon the fea, oon 
Clearke malt. n Cuelday the 11 of June, we foxlooke the coat of England, Go againe Tueloay the 
cotunnes, us oel Bulp (feuen weekes after) we got fight of Lind, being immediatly embapen in the Grand 38! 30. 
iol maler. bay, opfome other great bay: the certainty whercof we could not iuoge, fogreat hate and fogge San duet 
in which wan n bang wpon the coatt, as nettber we migbt dilterne the land well, nop cake the funnes beight, 

But by dur bell computation we were then in the 51 degrees oll atitude. 
a = Fonfaking this bay and vncomtoptable coat ( hothing appearng vnto vs but bidroustockeg 
Andrewes, W — — - — voide of any greene herbe) we followed the coa to the Douth, 
ulty good cboict, Te had lde of an Aland named Penguin, of a foule there beens 


a in abundar ct, a i itis 
benersen as evevible, whice cannes Bie, their wings not abie to carry their bopp, being very — foe nae 
ofthe Sauagts, leſſechen a gooft) anderceeding fat: which the French men vſe to take without difficulty vpon 
opris vancers, fe that Slanv, ano to barrel them vy with fale, Bur foglingering of 
** p "ke ppouition, 


ime we had made vs there the 


N Crending 


Mn Vand cals 


the fith taken 
there. 


11 il dene ane 
me) oftheminepe 
| Swallow 


nalih hips 
are the ftron: 
get and Md» 
Nurais of a+ 
ther flectes, 
filhmg upon 


0 
arte 
land, 


led Baccalaos of 


The Engliin Voyages, Nauigations, Sir H. Gilbert. 


Trending this coaſt, we came to the Fld called Baccalaos, being not paſt two leagues frcm 
the maine :to the South therol lieh CapeS.Francis,s leagues diſlant from Baccalaos, between 
which goe th in agreat bay, by the vulgar (opt called the bap ol Conception, Dire we mit with 
the Swallow agalne, whom we had lou in the logge. and all her men alte red into other apparell: 
wherofit fermen their Core was ſo amended, that top ioy anv tougratulation of our mecting, they 
{paren not ta catt vp into the aire ano ouerbooꝛo, theit caps ¢ hats in good plenty. The Ci ptaine 
al beit himſelfe was very honeſt and religious, pet was he not appointed of men to his humo} and 
deſert: who for the mot part were (uch as had bene by vs Curppilcd vpon the narrow ſeas of Eng. 
land, being p rats ond had taken at that inſtant tertaine Frenchmen laden, one barke wih wines, 
and another with fale, Voth which we reſcued, c tooke the man of warre with all her men, which 
wu the ſa ne ſhip now called the Swallow , following Gill che ir kind fo oft, as (being ſe parated 
from the General.) hep found oppoꝛtunitie to robbe and (porte, And becauſe Gods iuſtice did fol 
low the fame company. tuen to deu tuction, and tothe ouerthow alſo of the Captaine (though not 
confenting to their milde me ano) I will not conceale any thing that maketh to the manifeltation 
aud approbation of his turgements,fop examples ol others, perſwaded that Goo moze ſharpely 
tooke reuenge vpon them, and hath tole rated longer as great outrage in others: by how much 
theſe went vnder protection of his cauſe and religion, which was then pretended, 

Therefore vpon kur ther enquiry it was knowen bow this c õy any met with a barke returning 
home after the liſhing with his fraig t: and betauſe the men in the Swallow were very necrefcan: 
t dot victuall, and chiefly of apparell, doubttul withall v here o2 when to find and merte with theit 
Admiral, chep befoughe the captaine they m ght go aboe zd this Ne wl ander, only to bogroty that 
m git be ſp red, the rather be tault the lame wis bound homeward. Leaue given, not without 
charge to deale faut ablp, they came abooꝛd the ſiſhe rinan, wh :hep rifled of tackle, ſailes, cables, 
victuals, ¢ the men of their apparell: not (paring by tonture ( winding coꝛds about their he. de) io 
dꝛawout cife what they thought qood. This done with expedition (like men ſhilfull in Cuch mit: 
chicfe)as they tooke their cocks boat to go abo their on Mhip,te was ouerwhelmen in the fea, 
and certain: of thefe men there Dpotwned : the rell wert preferucd euen by thole ſilly ſoules whem 
they had be loze ſpoyled, who ſau d and di liuered them abooꝛ d the Swallow, TCibat became after 
ward of the poore Newlander, perhaps deſtitute of ſayles and furniture fufficient to carry them 
home (wither they had not lelle to runne then 700 leagues) God alone knoweth, who tookt ven: 
gears not long after of the ret that eſcapt d at this inſtantʒto reueale the fact, and tuftifie to the 
world Gods udgements inflicte d vpon them, as thalbe declared in place tonuenient. 

Thus after we had met with the Swallow, we held on our courſe Southward, vntill we came 
againũ the harboz called S ohn, about 5. leagues from the foꝛmer Cape of S. Francis: where be: 
fore the entrance n o the harbc2, we found allo the Frigate oꝛ Squisrill lying at anker. Ahom the 
Englih march in s that were ¢ al waits be At mirals bp turnes interchangeably ouer the Fectes 
of fithermen wi · hin the fame harbor) would not permit to ente r into the har bo. O lad of fo happy 
meeti g both of the Swallow and F rigate in one day( being Saturday the 3. ol Auguſt) we niave 


sve Gout rt adie our fights.¢ prepared co ent t che harbop, any relitance to the contraxie not withſtonding, 


there being wit in ot eit nations, to the number of 36 ſailes. But lirſt the General diſpatched a 
boat to give them knowlc ogt of | is comm ng fo? no ill intent. hauing Commiflion from her ha 
ieſtie for his votoge he bad in hand. And immedie tiy we foll wed with a flacke gale, and in the ve: 
rp entrance ( which is but narrow not al oue 2 buts lengeb) the Admiral fell vxon a rocke on the 


larboo d five by great ouerſight, in that the weather wos faire , the ror he much aboue water fat 


by the here, were neuthet went any (ea gate. But we found (uch teadineſſe in the Engliſh Mar 
chants to helpe v in that danger, that without de lay there were bꝛought a number of boates, 
which towed off the ſhip, and clear ed her of danger. 

Hauing taken place conucnient in the road, we let fall ankers, the Captaines ana Mal. te · 
priring aboopd our Admirall : whither alſo came imme diat iy the Mallers and owners of che fith: 
ing lleete of Engliſhm en to vnde rſland the Generals intent and cauſe of our arriuall there, They 
were all ſatil fied when the Oene ral had chewed bis commiſſion, and purpole to coke poſſeſſ on of 
thofe lands to the behalte of the crowne of England, and the abuancement of Chuuſttan religion 
in thole Paganiſh regions, requiring but their lawfull apde for reyayꝛing of bis fleete. and fips 
ply of Come neceflaries, fo farre as conueniently nught be alfoꝛded him, both out of that and o⸗ 
ther baboꝛs adioyning. In lieu whercof , be made offer to gracifie them with any kaut ur and py! 
uiledge, WHICH vpon Theis Detter aduiſe they would demand, the like being not to bet cbt 
hereafter for greater pice, So crautng expedition of his demand, minding to pꝛoceede further 
Douth without long detention in thole partes , he dilnuſled them, alter nn. 


ia 


hope, in our 

tedious pal 

bow much 

the peace, } 

& place ver} 

The ner 

on 

thty call che 

feolp bath b 
Alfo 


152 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Sir H. Gilbert. 


0} land, and to make relation vnto the Oenerall what eyther chemfelues could hnowe bp their 
owne trauaile and experience. op by good intelligence of Engliſp men o7 Mrangers, who hay 
longett krequented the fame coatt. Alſo ſome obfcruen the eltuation of the pole, ano dpewe platy 
ol the count rey exactly graven, And by that I could gather bp each mans ſeuerall relation , 1 
baue dꝛawen a hniefe velcription of the Newfound land, with che commodities by lea op lunde 
alreadie made, ano fuch alſo as are in pollibilitte and great likelihood to be made : Neuerthe leſle 
the Cardt s and plats that were 2 the due gravation of the harbozg, bapes, and capes, 
— Ar- the Admirall: where ode in the delcription following , I mut omit the particy: 
ol things. 


A briefe relation of the New found lande, and the commodities 


thereof. 


26% bar which we doe call the Newfound land, and the Frenchmen Bacalaos , ig 
an Aland, oꝛ rather ( after the opinion of ſome) it conſiſteth of ſundy Aland s and 
broken lands, ficuate in the Nozth regions of America, vpon the guife and en: 
trance of the great riuet called S. Laurence in Canada. Into the which, nauig a 
tion may be made hath on the South and Mopth five of this Bland, The land 
lpeth South ung m length betmeene three y 400 miles, ac. 
counting from capy Race hb i6 5 minuts) vate che Grand bay in 52 degrees 


Goorip roads Of Septenttionall latitud.. Lye e und about hach very many goodly bapes and har bos, 


aud harbour. fafe roads fo? (hips, the like not to be found in any part of the knowen wozld. 
The common opinion hat is had of incemperature ¢ extreme cold that ſhould be iu this coun. 
Nen bound land kłt y, as of ſome part it map be verified, namely the Noth, where I grant it is moe colde then 
18 pabttable, in tountries of Europe, which are onder the Came cleuation : cuen ſo it cannot ſtand with reafon 
and naturt of the clime, that the South parts thouln he ( in> verate og the bzute bath gone. 
For es the fame voe lie under the climats of BT ,, Poitou in France, betwerne 
46 and 49 degrees, fo can chey not fo much differ from the temperature of thole countries: un. 
leſſe vpon the outcoatt lying open onto the Ocean and ſharpe windes, it mutt in deede be ſubiett 
to mope colve , chen further within che land, where the mountaines are interpoſed, as wales 
and bulwar ker, to Defend and to ref the aſperitie and vigo of the fea and weather. Summe hold 
opinion, that i/e Newfound land might be the moje ſubiect to cold, by how much it lyeth bigh 


and necre vnco the middle region. J grant that not in Newfound land alone, but in Germany, 


Italy ani) 4 fnke , euen onder the E quinoctiall line, the mountaines are extreme cold, and ſecl 
dome vn couered of (now, in their culme and higbel tops , which commeth to pafle by the Cane 
reaſon that t ey are extended cowards the middle region: pet in the countries lying bene th them 
it is found quite contrary. Euen ſo all hils bauing their dilcents the ballets allo and lo grounds 
mutt be like wiſe hot 07 ceimperate, as the clime doc th giue in Newfound land: though J am of 
Com by ace opinion that the Sunnes reflection is much cooled, and cannot be fo forcible in the Newfound 
dental huanen land, nop generally throughout America, as in Europe 02 Aftike : by how much the Y unne in 
bis diurnall courſe from Catt to Aeſt, paſſeth ouer ( for the moſt part ) pop land aud lanby coun: 
tries, before he arriueth at the (Cleft of Europe op Atrike , wherebp his motion increaſeth heate, 


with lit le op no qualifi-ation by moyſt vapours, (here, on the contrarie he palleth from ku. 


rope and Afrike onto America duer the Ocean, from thence it dʒaweth and tatieth with hum 


bundauce of moyſt vapours, which doe qualific and infeeble greatly the Sunnes reuerberation | 


vpon this countrep chiefly of Newfound land, being fo much to the Morbward, Meuc rthelelle 
(a8 J fapd before ) the cold cannot be fo intollcrable under the latitube of 46 47 and 48 (cipe: 
ciall within land) that it thould be vnhabi .alle as ſome doe (uppote, Ceeing allo there are very 
many people more to the Moꝛth bp n great deale. Aro in chele Mouth parts there be cercaine 
beattes, Ounces 02 Leopart and birde ig in like m ner which in the Bommer we haue leene. 


not heard of in countries of t me ane vehement coldnefle, V oſides, as in the monethes of | 


June, July, Auguſt and Beptember, che heate is ſome what mope then in England at thoſe fer 
fons ' fs men remaining vpon the South parts netre vnto Cape Rece, vntill after Hollandtidt, 
baue not found the cold ertvem: . «ao; auch differing m the tempe ure of England, Choſt 
which baue arriued there after Nout nber and December haue found the now exceeding decy⸗ 
whereat no maruaile, confivering the ground vpon the coa. ia ruugh and vncuen. and the Inn 
ts auen into the places mol decipning, as the like is ve leene with vs. Che le vepth 
Siow happy thall not be found within land po” the playn er countries , which allo av: wine 
P 


<n aa i A RD, 


Te 


. 


Conee 


Cherrit 
trees of (1 
She fog 
moo fredir 
which we c 
fpare, prow 
them r ufee 
lu che time 
our Genera 


tifull lug et 
ter one ſligt 
linnetg. t 

as it cen 


2997 


— 


9 Sir Humfrey Gilbert. Traffiquesand Difeoueries, 


. Cilbert. 


153 
— — — 

knowe bp their N the mountatnes, Meabing off the violence of winds aud weather. But amitti extract 

gers, who had R itean not beo gent asin edlen — 

and bꝛewe f ats leffe in Mofcouia o; Ruſſia: et are the fame countries very and the rigen of cold is 

tall relation, 1 penſe q wich bp the commobitte of Stoues, warme clothing, Meats and orinikes : all which need 

8 bp ſea oz lunde not to be in che Newfound land, if we bad intent there to inhabit e. 

1 Neuerthelele In the parts we found no inhabitants, which by all llkelchood haue abandoned thoſe Commodities, 
apes, and Capes, coattes, the fame being fo much frequented by €hritians: Sut in the worth are fauages altoge · 

mit the particu ther harmeleſſe. Coaching the commonities of this countrie, ſeruing either fo? ſuſtent ation of 


inhabitants. oꝭ fo maintenance of ttaffique there are & map be made biuers: ſo pit ſeemeth Na⸗ 

ture bath Fecommpenced that onlp defect and incommonirie of fome ſbarpe cold, bp many benefits: Ith of ſna and 
nmodities vtʒ. Aich incredible quantitie, an no leſle varietie of | den ol lich in the fea and frech waters, as frech water. 

Tours, Dalnong ano otter fith to bs vnknowen: d od, wblch alone dꝛaweth manp nations 

thtther, and ig become the mol famous liching of the we d. Abundance of 


bales, fo2 which allo 
n Bacalaos , is ts 4 very great trade in the bapes of Placentia ꝶ the Grand bay, where is made Crane olles ol the 
102) Bands any Chale: Werring the large that haue bene beard of, and crcceding the Malſtrond herring of 
be guife and eu: Norway: bux hitherto was neuer benefit taken Of the herring fithing, Chere are ſundzy other Atl 
which, nauig⸗ berp do. icate, namely the Bonito, Lobſbers, Curbut, with others infinite not fought after: Dy. 
land. The land tu chung pe arle but not ozient in colour: I tooke it bp reafon they were not athered in feafon, 
400 miles, at. Toneerning the inland commodities afwel to be daawen from this land, as from the ercerding 
in za degrees large countries adtopning : there tg nothing which our Cat and Noꝛthe r ly countries ol Europe 
es and harbops, dor pet lde, but the like allo may be made in them as plentifully by time and indullrie: ame 5 
rolen, puch, tarre fopeathes, dealboozb, mattes for (hips, hives, furtes,flare,bempe,coine cables, 
be in this = coꝛdage, limen-cloch, met tals and manp moge. All which the countries will and the fople 
noze colde then is apt to 
ind wich reafon Che cres top the mo in thole South parts, are Firretrets, ying and Cypꝛeſſe, all pecloing 
ute bath gone, Gumme and Curpentine, 
nce, becwerne Cher rie trees bearing krutt no bigner then a ſmallptaſt. Allo peare tees, but fruitleſlt. Other 
cums 1 bins trees of — — a ° 0 — 
cede be ſubiert be fopte along not Deepe of earth, bringing forth abumbant peafon ſmall, yet 
fed, as wales 09) fecding for cattel. Roles patting meet, line vnto our muſke roles informe, rafpates, a berrp 
er, Dorne hol uhren we call Hurts. good and holefome a cat. The graſſe and herbe both fat ſheepe in v hort 
ch it lyeth high {porc, proued by Englih marchancs which hau ed ſheepe thither fo fret victuall and bap 
u in Germany, them x uſed arxceeding fat in leſle then three weekes, Peaſon wich our countreymen haue ſowen 
cold, and feel) lu che time of May. baue come bp faire, and bene gathered in the beginning of Augutt, of w 
Me by the fun dur Gontrall h ma pretent acceptab i for the rareneſſe, being the firtt fruits comming vp by art 
g beneth then,, and indulirie in chat de ſolate and dilhabite n land. 
wien gion Lakes poles of fret water » both onthe topsofmoun ainesand in the belles. In which 
bough Famof F ere ſaid to be mul kles not vulike to haue pearle, which Thad put in tttall, if by milchance falling 
the Newfound & 4 vnto me, A had not bene letced from that and other good erperis nente J was minded to make. 
the A unne n one boch of water and land in great plentte and diueriitie. & l kund of greene foule: Others 
Molanop coun F ab eas Buſtards, pet not the lame. A great white foule called of ſome a Gaunt. 
ctealeth heat, u, eland diners lots of baukes,as faultons, and others by vepant : Parttioges mott plen⸗ 
eth from Fu. tikull Lange eben OUTS, gray and white of Colour, and rough oted like dottes, which our men al. 
th wich him ter one ſſigt » 'n kill with cungels, they were fo far and bnable co flie, Birds fome like blackbirng, 
sreuerberation & lines. t rds and other very ſmall. Beats of ſundyy kindes, rep deare, guffles ox a beat, 
Mencribelelle F an it Geer “bp the tr eg fore berp large in manerof an ore. Heares ounces o leoparos,fome 
pand4s(cipe ! greater @ (ome teffr: e. luxe, which to the Nor hward a litle further are black, whole furre 
there are very | ettermenin ſome Cou. ries of verp rich. be uers, marternes: And in th opint · 
ere be certane on al moſt men that fa it, the Wenevall had bhougbe nt bum a Mable aliue, which he lent vnto 
we haue leent, bis brother fir lohn Gilbert knight of Deuonthive : but it was neuer deliuered,as alter J under 
e monethes of food. Ae could not obſerue Part of creatures in thoſe vnhabited lands: but thele 
nd at thofe fea: | mentioned may induce vs to glouiſie the magniſte ent Hod. he bath Cuper Ty reptendthen 
eDollanotive, | tte cart ‘with creatures feruing for the vſe ol ‘hough man bath not bled i 


; On the tit parte? 
ngland. Chole F (iume. which the ode doth aggrauate the Fault anv ool flour tray of ue n 


ation, shinny 

ceeding derp⸗ rather to ltue indirettly, and verp miſtratip co line i vie wülhin ehen erstere nate a 

— fro hitamter eter err as become men, to obtatte an habitation tn ehote — tn ant ad td 

e Hie depth wbt Mature very protgally voth mtmifter vata ema montana —„ tp commabities ms 

0 at ee Fa belides the le alreadie recounted ann tntnice moe she mat ally make thew of 6 — rr 
* C 14 all 7 cad 


bie MPiloemen 


e Engliih Voyages, Nauigations Sir H. Gilbert. 


mine tall ſubſtauct i Aron verp tummon lead, and fomewhe re copper, i will not auerte ol tichet 
— albeit bp che circumſtanc es following moe chen hope may be conctiuc d thereof. 

0} anongt other charges giucn to inquire out che ling ularities ol this countrt p, he ene. 
rall was mot curious in th fearch of mettals. commanding che minerall man and refiner, 
cially to be Diligent, Che fame was a Saxon bonne, hone, aud religious , named Daniel. Cibo 
1 alter ſcarch brought at Get fome (opt al Oze, ſeen ung cather to be pron then other mettall. The 
oer e next tum he found Ohe with no final thew of conte ut ment be delluered vnto the General, 

deer. Ving ppotcſtation, tho it llluer were the ching which might lutillůe the Oeucrall ¢ bis followers, 

‘ there it was, aduiſing hum to (ecke no further: the perill whereof be vndertooke vpon bis life ( ag 
deare vnto him as tye Crowne of England vnto her Maleſtie, that I map vſe bis owne wopds):f 
it tell not out at comingiy. 

My Celle at this ant liker to die then to liue, by a miſchantce, could not follow this confivent 
opin: on of our refinerto my owne ſatiſlac tion: but afterward demanding our Generals opinion 
therein and to haut Come part of the Oye, he replied: Content pour feife , A haue ſetne ynough, 
aud Were it but to Cacifde mp puuate humop, I would pʒocet de no further, The promife vnto mp 

; Friends, and neceſſ tie to bing alſo the ouch countries within tom paſſe of mp Patent neere 
VE) weatons wor erpiced, as we haue alrtadie dont tbeſe Month parts, do only perſwabe me further, touchi 
daa a, the Oze, J baue ſent it abooyo, whereof J would haue no ſpeechto be made fo long as we ri maine 

bude within har bop: bere being both Poztugals, Biſcains and Frenchmen not larre off, from whom 
AEE WINE mull be Kept any nuit o muttering ol luch matter. IAben we axe at (ea proofe (halbe made : if ¢ 
be to our delice we may teturne the fooner hither againe, (bole anf were Iiudged teaſonab le, 
and contenting me well: wherewith J will conclude this nat ration and deſcription of the New. 
found land, and pʒoctede to the teſt our vopage, which ended tragically, 


VW ile the better ſozt of vs were fertoullp occupied in repatring our mant , and contriuing 
of matters fo) the commoditit of our voyage : others of another ſojt ¢ vifpolition were 
in out compar plotting of mifchiefe, Some catting to eale away our ſbipping by night, watching opoztunitle 
nn by the als and Captaines lying on the (hope: whofe contpiracies biltouered, they were pres 
uented. Others die n togither in companp, and caried awap out of the har boys adiopning , a thip 
laden wich lich, letting the poore men on ſboze. A great many more of our people ole into the 
woods to hide themſelue g, attending time and me aner to rtturne home by (uch ſhipping as daily 
departed from the coaſt. Some were ficke of flures. and manp dead: and in bit fe, by one meanes 
oz other our company was duniniſhed. and many by the Gene rall licenſedto returne home. Inlo⸗ 
much as after we had tcuie wed our people, reColucn to (ee an end of our voyage, we grewe (cant 
of men to fut niſh all our ſhipping sit fecmed gocd therefore unto the Oenerall to leaue the 3 al. 
lowe with ſuch pꝛouiſion as might be ſpared 4 5 the licke people. 
SGordougne Che Captaine ol the Delight op Abmurall returned into England. in whofe ead was appoin: 
sogubertvele ted Captame Maurice Browne, befoge Capt aint of the Swallow: who alſo hyought with bim into 
es che Delight all bis men of the Swallow, which belaze haue bene noted of outrage perpetrated 
8 and comnutied vpon ſiſdermen there met at ſea. 
mitteb (acy The Genc rall made choile to goe in his frigate the Squirrel] (whereof the Captaine alſo was 
outrage. —--_- among them that returnen into England ) che fame gate being molt conuentent to dilcouer 
dr ur tian, vpon the co iſt, and to ſtarchinto euerp harboꝭ op creeke, which a great (hip could not doe. There 
the Füge. loge the Frigate was pyepared wich ber nectings ¢ Aigbes , and aue rthargeb wich bates and luch 
(mall Own ce, mae to giue a thew, then with iudgc ment to fozelet vnto the lafetie of her an 
the men, bert ogee 40 rey spo 8 * 
fhevatitte Now hauing made readie our to lap, the L elight, the golden Hinde, anv the 
Squirrell, and put aboogd our p which was wines, bread m tuſkhe, At wette and die, 
ſwerte oiles: beſides manp other, as marmalaves, figs, iymmons bartelleu, and (uch like : Allo 
we has other neteſſary ppouiftons fo; trimming our (hips, nets and lines to Git boates op 
pinneſſes fit f.2 diſtouety. In bpicfe, we were Cupplied of our wants as if ine had 
bene in a Countrepop ſome Citie populous and pientifull of all ehings. 
n 20 . Ut Departed from this harbour of S. lohn hon C the twentieth of Augult, which we 
Bu e tts 4o minutes. Aud the next day by night we were 


a Wr fame 
Cayenne This Cape lpeth Mou eee 
46 SS: be alacant: wee = a xfzt Bpatacke agai d Hep 2 terte K ‘ Lich ti 2 op 
<= is eaſily knowen Jr is in latitude 46 degrees 25 minutes, rsa ; 8 


3 


porte, Inſo⸗ 
rewe (cant 
e the Swal. 


vas Appoin: 
ith bim into 
perpetraten 


ne alſo was 
to diſcouer 
oe. There · 
es and ſuch 
¢ of her am 


ni the Cepe 
in iin cep 
“anes 


the Mopehto tive CXtettof 


| tue thew des, 


Sir Humfrey Gilbert. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 14 


Chaves che Cape we ware becalmed a finali time, during 

— — Fb bookes and tines 
Dapes e a prouifion, abundance 

tom hence we ſhaped our courte of 8 . 

Ph os Cape eon beg che Bland of Sablon, ¶ conuententty it woul ſo fal 


—1— peeres pal) did put into the 
U 


» we int 
one of cartel ered we might ac ll ames conaeniend be eieuevot ie gt un, 


In this courſe we trended the coaf?, which from Cape Rac Areteberh int 
ebe which one ellen hen got out —— 
te eth det ec nba i eo iD is cnt 
an ang , lacentia men on land to take 
ted de. growing in at 
tte ane bec oere Cape Race Cape Brn is 87 
many times indifferent et could we attaint 
of any land all that time, eng me were bindped bp the curtent, | lft we Eel io fuch flats or 
bangers, that hardly any of vs efcaped: where lof our Admiral wich al the min 
ol hill to male 


Deb eben pre, gs that — coast 


1 be inferted in lea Cards. o warning to others that map the Came courte beveafter) baue 
mn lohn Paul pis mace 


ALaban by expert men, William Cox Halter of the Hin’, 


Reckonings kept in our courlefrom Cape Race towards 
Brite, ad the Ifland of Sablon, to the time — where we loft — 
Auguſt 23. Weſt, 14. leagum. 


Welt andbySouth, 23. 


Weſtnorthweſt, 25. 
Weſtnorthweſt, 9. 
Southfouthweft, 10, 
South weft, 12, 


Southſouthweſt, 10. 
Auguſt 29. \ Weftnorthweft, 13. Here we loſt our Admiral. 
Summe of thefe leagues, 177. 


The reckoning of bn Pa Mafters mate 
from Cape Race, 


eft quleagues 
| Northweft ud ; 


37 =}, Southweft, 3 
2 South welt, 
Southweft, 7. 


Sablon lieth to the {¢a-twarvof Cape Briton about 25 leagues whither we were det Cattelin the 
our above in S, — who was bine teat 


bie w 
they made good and ſome of Gove tot. 
repoꝛt them bab wil to be plans 


| | 1 150 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Sir H. Gilbert. ” , 


Sir F 

: Dur courſe we beld in clearing vs of theſe flats was E aſnahe aft, and Sout heat and Soulh — 
i 14 leagues with a marueilous (cant winde. — 
The maner how our Admirall was loſt. —.— 
17. Wn Cewlap the 27 of duguſt, to maro the euening, our General caulentheminbisfr, uud ouet 

neguf 27 1 — Cane 35 fabome , being then in latttudt about 44 de. — 
toward wind came Mouth, and wee bare with the land all that their Labo 

Cxirtnogebtortconcsary to toe mare of abet Ca neuertheleſſe wee followen the — migbt ber 
depptuen of power to ppcuent a milctirſe, which by no contradiction could be byought tohelde - leading tt 

ther courſe. alleaging bey could not make the tbip to wopke better, noꝛ to lle > Lttended 

wdictions e was faite and pltaſant, pet of to anv mod pat bis comto 

wae 01 ds Clee, be eber rden h ger ig d Inthe 

' Delight, continued in Counving of Trumpets , with Opummes, and Fifes : all je niulle (che 

Conti, Baugbeboxer : and inthe end ot their olicie, left wich che batteli ans ringing of doit. wbercmitt 

full knels. jen 


Towaros fs twecauge in che Golden Hinde a verp mighep oye, ihe | 5 
. tbeteActhticking , 1 reputed ol 
on the pꝛon, but could recoucr onelp that one. Tbeſe allo patting hough the Octan, in beardes, —— hen 
288 dlenwrelemetam ie pet, 1m „w chemin tbe Felder, of Grange bopces, 4 —— 


Thurlory the 29 of Augutt,che wind role, and blem vebement iy at Mouth and by Call, b ia 

tng michele ono ebicke wu fo chat we cout not fee a cable length befope ve, um beri ces 1 

Sole of ous the mozning we were altogether runne and folded in amongũ flats and which we 

ne, found (hoale aud veepe ineuerp tiger op foure length, after wee began to found: buy | 

fir we were vpon them vue waren, vntil matter Cox looking out, vifterned inbisiuvgemen) | 

white cliffes, c „E though we could not afterwurd deſtrie anp land, it being ia 

possi ne eo the les tehice, which ie emed to be white clitfes, though the haze ans | 

ce, tn oboe Jetz, estates textarea, being a 

Sot hep em chee cannes, has pet ban, opon eh beach, keeping (watch, § 

that they knew not the danger, before they felt the too late ta tetoutr it: lo ppefenctpite 

Adnutall cr . foone after ber derne and binder partes beaten in piece: 

whereupon the dead, beeen eatin which was the @enerall ano the Golden inde) F 
salt about Eau ſouthe aſt, bearing to the tuen fo} out lines into the winden eye, becaule | 

that way carted vs to the ſtamatd. Making out from chis dangtr, wee (oanden one while ſeuen 
favome ten flue fadome, then foure Cadome and let, deeper, immediatly foure fadomt, 

then but ehpee ladame, the fea going migbetiy and bigh, la we recoueren (Bod be thanked) in 


‘Inthis didrelfe, wee ban wigilanc epednco che Avarirall, whom wet Cawe cat away, withour 
cn, skal e. anp of che men that le cannes 75 


xt cenit erm ae 
Re as was potlble fo} An 


This was a heaup and grieuous cuent, tolote at ome blots our chiefe with 
prouiion 3 


Jatbered together 
was the lolſe of . perithed to che number 2s asd zeth (ules, d | 
n — 1 M . — bone in tbe cee of Bode de E 

ee 
„ In Fane Bend b. Came being avon with che eloquent dür St cbs’ nae, 
e — — Refiner and Piſccutret of inedimable riches, as i wes ett i 
t hre? was the lolſt of the Ceptsint Maurice Browne, a W 


Mblisie co accor: 


in the afternoons the 31 of Auguſt, me changid our courſe, and returned 
4 betweene 


which verp inſtant, euen in winding 


(comming 
bellowing as voeth a lion, which 


be wind was large for England at our returne, but very bigh, and the fea to 3 
PP remeber inp sphatyahen tnt deck . 1 


September 2. Mundaß in the alt. ruoone we paſſed in the fight of Cape Race, nnn, 


little moze then two dayes and nights backe againe, as wee bad done in eight vayes from 


Cape Race,bntothe place here dur up perihen, lbich binopancecitbertoare,anb Ihen 
againe in to be imputed vnto the (wilt current, as well as tu the winds, which we had moze Large 1 


in out teturne. 


munday the Oenerall came abooꝛd N Denpten el Oe Wind ene 


This 
bis foote which be burt bp tteading vpon a nallt: At what time we 


ol hard fuccefle to be all pat?, and of the 
nigtte . cbat we might heepe together 


opced ech other withhopt 
taty 


ö f „ a 3 to the Nozth 
treated to tarie in the Hind, which bud bene moe fop his ſecurity. Immediatly after follo wens 

e eee 1 1 

Bar la ten · weather faire, the Gtnerall came abooyo the Hind againe, to make metrie together r. 


weather aud! 
| | toproccede eit 


ference wird with the Captaine ant company, which was the lett mecting, and continued bere fin winds, thifting 


mopning vntill night Our ing which time cbere patter ſundry diſcourſes, touching affaires pat, 4 


yy moe heres be 
berep,the fame to be p O's ich Dan 
meu vnto him in tbe Mew found land. Ibhatſoeuer it was, ihe remembrance 


al. as not able to containe himletle, be beat bis boy in great 


F cet che miſcarying of the great ſbip, bet auſe byon alaite dap, when wee were betalmed vpon the 
coaũi of the New found land. neere unto Cape Race, he Cent bis boy aboo jd the Admiral. to fetch 
cextatne chings : amongſt which, this being chiefe, was pet forgoceen and left behind. After which 
n boo the great Hip , much lelſe het doubtet her 


fo nerre at hand. 


efpectalip of S.1 


N to unplop 5 
smb amm trautil pon be lame: pet neither by tbeit awut ſuite noj of others of bis oume ce f 


bent e sling co ednet coule betten. 


laping Downe bic Determination in ng, vifpating i 
eber anf rasche eiguen tbe Captain ¢ opener of te Rr . 
* trĩeruts Vato dimieiit tie this vopage had wonns his he 


tram te ouch ane Char be es nate become —äWVB wen 


La 


We arc asnect 


refolut 
The lame g 


a Go 
mp opinion was better confirmed biuerfp,and by ſundzy coniectures, which nul) phe caylee 
I. pe II oh se dng ae yy 


I. Gilbert. 


E 
cuil 


1 Sr Humfrey Gilbert. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 159 


bemanoed what meaus be han at his arriuall in England, to compatfe the charges 
ation as he intenden to make the next Spring: hauing determined bpon two 

: Leaue that tõ mee (bee replien) J will athe a 

her who wil be fo gratious. to lend me 

God (he layd) with al 

and that we needed not to lecke 

ation of great feruentie of 

ble good bp this voyage: u hich 


can at his good 
bmu be knit vp Wufumee in 
euen lo the vehement ibe Generali 
from a wilfull refoluti- 
d vpon their deckes, with fights, net · 
finall a boate,that was to paſle througl the D: 
bp courfe we might expect much ſoyme of foule weather, 


But whenbe was intre ated bp the Captaine, Patter, and other bis well willers of the Hinde, Sree 6 


| at this was bisant were: will not foyCake my litle company goin 
. 4 IIe Mopmes, and perils. And in very ceueth hee was 

4 Dagon to ie Co outs barby barn reverts giuen of bim. that be was attain of toe (ea albeit this was 
| rather catbacs,then abut 


refolution,to preferte the wind of a vame repopt to the weight of his 
Seeing be woule not bend to re aon he had 


g a aboo2d bis Frigat, And ſo we committed him 


heepung much 
emed 


ore 
The rraſon whereof 
we (ee hilles aud dales upon 
fe pꝛoceedeth of viuerfitie of 
maue the great Ocean, which 
er, as there had bene diuerſitie of 
fe time had occupied the Sea, ne · 
patd, an apparition oł a little fire 
had onely one, which they tant en 


Munday the nini h ember, in the alternooue, the Frigat was neert caſt away, oppꝛeſſed 
1 — boy othe —.— foopth lignes of iop , the General! fisting abaft $8 refotute ane 


0 in his hand, cried out unto vs in the Hind (fo oft as we dib appꝛoch within hearing) 
10 8 feaasbyland, Reiterating the fame {peech , well befceming a e abe 
| fouldice,refolute in Fetus Chpitt,as I ? an teſtiſie he was, 


a fame Monde 
roof on the Golden 


vnto which we gaue not the tokens 


a knotwleoge of each other. if we thould at any time be {eparate, 


tepment of weather, anv perill of vowing, it plealce Suv to feu afe home the frail 
N Hinds uae area — ie 22 Bap of September, being ondap,not with — 
tut as great — — ebe: wat, ats. 0 . h iche md. that 
. 

a Peheearh ae tets Barometer te ater bétope the Range, white the c 
caine went aland, to enquire if there . . 

Bit lohn Gilbert, h vito the Gene rall ol our 
happily haut bene befope vn, Allo to certifie Wir » bpother vnto the — 


60 The Englith Vo 


fit motion hard ſuccelle, Captaine 
n . —— 


bint 
ol bis brothers Cafetic,offtren 
to bane bis Barke byowghe into che harbour sin 
sow her in. 


benefice ol the wind, then 
Cans great cafe vnto the men, bauing els 


accompanied wth perfwaned 
caule of bis ſudden departure vnto fir lohn Gilbere, 
the Golden Hind departed, and tooke harbour at W 
nes of fo vnpꝛoſitable a voiage to their let 
and labour. hard diet end continual! 
leſſe bp his great charges unpairtd 
undoubtedpꝛouldente follow 
whoſoeuer haue confivence in 


amongt verymany vifficult ies, diſtontentments, mut 
macks by ſea, which were afflictions 
6} fo (hort a time may be albeit true in tuery particula 
tion may be collected, and ſone J fupp; 
this company,(of which onelp one 
together inresfonable contentment and concozD, beginning, 
9 Didaccomplith , either not pleated with the action , 05 
Wants oz pꝛeuented by de 
Thus haue J vetiueren 
knight, fatthlully, foz Co 


‘gb 
(rather) in two refperts, 
F ir, when yet there was onely 
elected, neither any cemonftration of commoditie 
theles,be both was too p 
toumplop both his and thet 
like his affociates were pp 


yages, Nauigations, Sir H. Gilbert, 
delired ( while his men were 
. Captaine: anv not 
krienoſhip and curteſle 


petaboorn him, and were witnſ 


take the craminatton o of euerp /n. 
enveuour, @it lohn Gilbert refuten he Paes 


Difpattmy 
to the C and bis company,requiting 15 


ede higher vpon the coat : oe 

th, and they — 
remou „ tO ka 

paw neercr home, which tho 

farte to gor. * 

Captaine,wwho feng 

bp the boate of Darem 

aimouth, Al the men edicu u 

ong expence of time much top | 

compenten 
greatiy thereby. yet cumfoꝛted in the 


doch bring vn togetber with others into ane Came. a 
but not part 4 


imes, confpiactes, lcueſſe 1 f 
s partly mer rel 
e ko; their Cakes lining, it pleate Gop 3 
1 — 1 


ritte 


Good, Che which falling, vr He 


ing to bee lalued Come other wey, 


when by bis former preparation he was enferbley of abilitie and crevit,toperforne 


tice oppoztumt ie and meant, 


. 


quinque 
coſilio, ſti 
Tulij que 
prima ter 
diebus de 
{piraucre, 
Nos tain 
nimus on 
endum er 
Newfoun 
multicudir 
os dyfeate 
Browno v. 
teri ſalui & 
quinto aut 
que vendic 
loc tempo 
fe potuerin 
glos, 20¢ 
menge 
ni ic 
terum quid. 
copia :inde 
quo onuftus 
conlenuére, 
euntium ita 
verſę. Natur: 
cas in ſimilit 
qentur. Rubi 
nunquam apy 
res quam noi 
fet. Et quis o 
liquid metall. 
rat, Nos Adm 
teret: nec diſp 
matum eſt eni 
diſſet, ſeptẽ miu 
fagrantibus at 
ſi p ſees, qui at 
quam ſugidun 
are Baio ie 


eſſent inſulx: 
lem 


ita inuesfag 


H. Gilbert, 


ute vnto the la: 
c, not actually 
gland: vntorhy 


oftemeriticm Fe 


xe of habitation 
lowers : neuen 
mens expences, 


mana rps, 45 
fome other 


7 


dit, to perfonnt 
tie and Meanes, 
as dot fit, prefer 


into tubich , be, 


rd 


eſſent inſulæ: quarum iatera foli appoſſta cam liqueſe etent 
— 


te. Parmenius letter. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


= SP anemm apa te 
mois which befoxe we noted co bee in this Gentleman,and made vnfauopte, and leſle delightfull 
bis other manifolo vertues. 

Chen as he was refined, and made hecrer boating vnto the image ol God: (0 lt pleaſed the 
biuine will to reſume bim vnto humlelke » Whither both his, and CUED other high and noble 
mide haue alwapes afpt 


iced, 
Ornatifsimo viro, Magiſtro Richardo Hakluyto Oxony in Collegio sedis 
Chrifti, Anium & Philo 


161 


cùm in mentem veniret promiſſum literatum 
lam lunio nos ſubſecuturum. Itaque de meo ſla- 


Verum fic tibi non eſſet 
madie ijidem feré verbis, quia nota meditari & 


ignotum qup Porinus 
rpetud conunctim nauigauimus ad 23. —_— 
tercepto alpectu alij alam viam tenuimus : nobis ſeorſun 


ium ventorum, qui tamen nobis 
ſpitauère. Inſula eft ea, quam veſtri Penguin vocant, ab auium eiuſde 


— in quem communi conſilio omnibus veni« 
endum erat, idque intra duas hotas, magna Dei benignitate & noſtt i 
Newfoundlandia,inter 47.& — Dum loannem vocan 
multitud nem hominum & 2. 

os dyſentericis doloribus amilit: f zo me Mauricio 
Browno vere generofo iuueni ine coniunxeram) duo etiam cafu quodam fu! mmetſi ſunt. Cæ- 
teri falui & longe firmiores.Ego nunquam fanior, gulli appulimus: 
quinto autem ipſe Admiralius has te in fuam & regni Anglia Pofleffionem poteſiatem- 
ue vendicauit, latis quibufdam eps deine & obſe quio Repinz Anglia, Reficimur 
lioc tempore pauld hilaritds & lauti Ceriè enim & qualibus ventis vii fimus,& quam ſeſſi ef. 
fe potuerimus tam longi cemporis ratio docuerit, proinde nihil ] 

glos, 20 circiter naues Luſitan cas & Hif; anicas nacti in hoc loco lumus: ex nobis unpares 
non patientut nos eſurite. Angli atſi ſatis mi, & à nobis tuci, authotitate regij diplomatis om- 
ni obſequio & humanitate profecjuuntur, Nune nereandi erant Mores,regiones,& populi. Cæ- 
tenum quid narrem mi Hakiuyte, cuando preter folitudinem nihil video ? Pifci 

copia :inde huc commeantibus magnus qurſtus. Vix hamus ſundum 
quo onuftus eft. Terra vniuetia * montana & ſyluellris: atbores vt is 
conienuére,partim nunc adoleſcunt — p a, 
Cuncium ite impedit, ve nuiquam progredi liceat. Herbx omnes 

. Natura viderur velle niti etiam ad generandum frumentun 

cas in ſimilitudinem fecales : & facile cok 
dentut. Rubi in fyluis vel pocids fraga arborefcentia magna ſuaultate 
huaquam apparent, & conficiuntur : fed albi ſunt, yt mihi ex pellibus coni 


res * nottt!, Populus an vllus ſi in hac regione incertum eft: Nee vllum 
fet. 


are 
De Of Rewe 


as latentes pra fe te. 
ion€ ſpac iũ pa- 
eretur, Confir- 
io qua itatione id acci- 
differ, ſe pe ẽnum tot pifees none atuiſſe, ex acerbata maris vnda ex terebynthina, quę co- ene great 
flaprantibus arboribusperriuulos defluebat. Ceska hoc anni te=0ve ita feruiduny eft, vt ni. pel by 
fi p ſces, qui areſiunt ad ſolem, aſſi ui inuettantur, ab aduſtic ae defendi non poſſint. Hyeme me. 
quam frigidun ſit, magnæ moles »:{aciel in medio mari vine dacuere Retatum eit  comnibus 
eng Maio fexclecim totos dies interdtam fe inter tantam glaciem hefifle, ve 60. orgyas altæ 
— quadom vniuetlam mo- 
ante pror . casa eusderet, magno præſentium dilcrimino, 
0 vt cou- 


ita vt quod 


— 


* * * 
B.. et ee ae 
— ae ——— 


“Sein ili 


i 
— — 


lc The Englith Voyages, &c. Ste.Parmenius letter, 


vt conlentaneury, elt, Aer in terra medioctuet claus eft :ad otientem ſupta mare perpetuz ne. 
bule : Et in ipfe mari circa Bancum (fic voc ant locum vbi quadtaginta leue is a terta tundus at. 
tingicur,& pices capi incipiunt) nullus terme dies abſque pluuia. L «peditis noſtris nece ſſuati- 
bus in hoc loco, in Auftrum ¶ Deo iuuante) ptogtedie mur, tauiò indies maion ſpe, quò plura 
de lis quas petimus regionibus commemorantur, Hac de noliris, Cupio de vobis leu e: fed mee 
tuo ne inc aſſum. lin rimis autem quomodo Vutonus meus able ntiam me am ferat,prater mo- 
dum intelligete velim: Habebu nottrum obſequium & officium paracum, quandiu vixerimus, 
Reueta autem ſpeto, hanc nottram peregrmatonem ipfius iſtuuto vfui fucuram, Nune reſiat, 
vt me tuum putes,& quidem ita tuum, vt neuineim magis, Iuuet dei filius labores nofiros 
eatenus, vt iu quoque participare poſſis. Vale amiciſſinie, ſusuiſſime, ornatiffime Hakluyie, 
& nos ama. ln Ne j fun landia apud potium Sancti lohannis 6,Augutti 158 3. 


SrepHanvs PaRmMENtvs 
Budeius uus, 


The fame in Englifh. 


To the worfhipfull , Mafter Richard Hakluit at Oxford in Chrif.. 
church Matter of Arts, and Philofophis,his friend and brother. 


Had not purpoſed to white vnto pou, when the proinife of pour letters tame to mp mind: Pon 

thought in Zune ta to haue followed vs pour felfe, aud therefore J hav lett onder that pou 
ſhoulv be aduettiſed of my Rate, by Master Doctor Humfrcy : but fo pou would nut be ſatiſſicd: 
J will write cherefore to pow almoſt in the fame woꝛ ds, becauſe I haue no leaſur e at this tinu to 
meditate new matters, and to vary o) multiply words, | 

The 11. ol June we let Caile at length from England in good tarneſt, and cepatted , leauing 
the hauen and land behind vs at Plimmouth: our Fleete coufiiten of hue ibi peu : the greata l, 
which the Admirals brother had lent vs, viehorew her lelfe from vs the third day, wee know not 
vpon what occaſion: with che reit we Caled Mil together till the 23. of July sat which time our 
view ol one another r and fome 
another: to vs alone the fir land appeared, the kürt of Auguſt, about the latitude of 30. degrees, 
when as befope we had deſcended beyond 41. degrees in hope of Lome Southeriy winves, u hoch 
not with ſtanding newer bie w to vs at any ſit time. 

It is an Gland which yout men tall Penguin, becaule ofthe nultitude of birdes of the Came 
name, Det wee neither ſawe any birds, of de w neere to the lan, the winds ſeruing fop our 
courte directed to another place, but wee mette altogethe r at that j lat alittle befoze the Oautu, 
whereunto by common Count ell we had veternune d to come and chat within the (pace of twa 
houres by the great goodneſſt of God, and to our great ioy. The place is fituace in Mewfound 
land, becweene 47. end 48. degret s, called by tue name of Saint lot.ns; che Apmirall huniſelft bp 
reaſen of the multitude of the men. and the lmalnelle of bis ſbip, bad bis company ſome what lich 
lx, and had already lof two of the fame company, which died ol the Flixe: of the ren we conciive 
good hepe. Of our companp (fo J toynto my Celfe wut Maurice Browne, a bery proper Gen 
tleman) two perſons bp a miſcbance wete do wned, the ref are in laletie, and Qrong and fop mine 
ouunt part J was neuet more healthy, Nee arriued at this place the third of auguſt: and the 
lift the Adnurall tooke poſleſſion of the Countrey, for hunſelle and the kingdome of England: 
hauling mabe and publithen cer taine Lawes concerning religion, and obedience to the Queene 
of England: at this time our fare is ſume what better, and daintler, then it was before : for in 
good looth, the experience of lo long time bath tꝛught vs what contrary winds wee haue found, 
und what great trauei wee may endure hereafter : and therefore wee will take Cuch oper , thas 
ince will want nothing: fo we found in this place about twenty woptugall and Spaniſh (hippes, 
beſides the Mippes ol the Engi; which being not able ton atch vs ,(ulfer vs uct to bet hunger 
Rarucd: the Englich alchough they were of themſelues trong pnough, and Cafe from our 
2—— the Qut enes letterꝛ patents. they (hewedvs all manct of ducty 
andhumanitie. 

Che maner ol this Countrey and people re maine now to be ſpoken of. But what tail I fay, 
my good Hskluye, when I ſee nothing but a very wulderneſle 2 Ok Ad: hove le imeveniiile stun. 
dance, uhere by getat Kaine growes to them, that traue ll to tbeſt parts : the haoke is no fooner 
tl aomnt out, but u is cfefoones dʒawnt vp with lome goodly Ath; che whole land is full ot hilles 

aud 


ius letter. 


e perpetuz ne. 
erta fundus at. 
tris neceMlicatin 
fpe, quo plura 
8 (cise: fed me. 
tat, prætet mo. 
diu vixerimus, 
n Nune reſlat, 
abores nofiros 
ime Hakluyie, 


NIvs 


in Chrif. 


ny mind : Dou 
onder that peu 
ut be ſatiſſiid: 
at this tinu t 


ted, leauing 
the great, 
wee know rot 
hich time our 
wap, and fome 
50. degrees, 
winoes, whch 


wens fame 
rruing fo our 
2¢ the WPancn, 


of England: 
6 the Queene 
before : fop in 
te haue found, 
ch opder , thas 
anith thippes, 
to bee hunger 
fafe frem dur 
anct ol duety 


pat (bail I fap, 


eee oben: 
e is no ſoonet 
a fullof piltes 

and 


Ste.Parmenius letter. Traffiques,and Diſcoueries. 163 


and woods. The trees los che mol pare are Hynes anv of them Come 

a great part of chem being fallen bp reafon of their age, doth lo binder — 888 
and the wap of thole that lecke to trauell, that they can got no labitber : all che e 
ls long. and tall and litile differeth from ours, Ge leernth alle thee che Nature of this fople is fit 
fox copne : fo; I found certaine blades and cares in a manner bearded, fo thas it appear th that 
7 by manurtag and ſowing, thep map cally be frames Fo9 the ute of man : bere are in the woode s 
bluſß berries, op rather Beaty berries growing vp line trees, of great ſmeeteneſſe. Beares alſo 
w appeare about the thers a of the Count rep, fometimes but they ſerme to bee 


*. who can, when as it is not able co palle any twhither's In like Cope it is bn whither a 
9 8 abe cauſe is all one, although tbe ofp colour amo bur or 


Countrep, which motion bio nothing diſple 
bat mighe thereof intue loʒ it 4 
happened by chance in another Pont, the 
whole peeres alter, by reaſon of the u. 


ne, and et 
|} moe hope cuerp dap, 
a coe Chas chou tng ou care? PME mee Cu. ty 23 


1 ‘ow J beſire to knolo fometwbac concerning pou, but J fe 
deut ol mesure to know bow mp Watrone matter — Vanptn bth bene ca Bee 
bvbedience, and duetie tall Uwaves bee deep totvard bam as lone as Dline: but in Deeve J hepe, 
that this ub ef albe profitable te tés intentions. t remaineth that you chinke me to be 
— — wt do wt + Chefonne of God bieſſe all our la 
. mp mot friendly 
S In Newfound land, at Baint lohns — bal dignf 150g. 60 — 


STEVEN PARMENTYS of 
„ Yours, 


Arelation of Richard he of Weymouth, mafter of 
he lar eee ora 


Gilbert 1583, ah een excule ofthat hadi ofcafting away the ſnip and men, 


tedtohis ung _ 


all came tw in bla 2 e As 


Saal x ———— 
164 Ihe Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Richard ( larke, 
— ———— ͤ J 
aud but 1 5. lea ues olf, and that he Hout be vpon the Bland beſode day, i€ bee went chat courte, 

: Che Genc rall lapd, my reckoning was wntrue, and charged me in het Male ſtirs name, and as 1 
Hader; char: wob ld ſhewe my leite in her Counttey to follow bim that night, J fearing bis tharatnings, be: 
Home cafe be prefenced ber Paleſſtes perton, dib follow bis cammaundement, and about ſi uen of the 

4 — clocke in the morning the hip ſtrokt on ground, where thee was call away, Then the @eucralt 
away on went off to Sta, the courte that I would haue had them gone beloze, and ſaw the Mp caſt aap 
play apd Se? men and all, and was not able to faue a man, lor there was not water vpon the land for either of 
Mugu 583 tem much leſle Foy the Amir all that dye w fourcteene foote, Now as God would the dap before 
t was very calme, and e Houldier of the Hip bad killed Come fuule with his pie te, and fome of 

the comp any delired me that they might hoyle out the boat to retcuer the foule, which J granted 

them: and when they came aboord they did not hoyſe it in aga:ne that n. ght. And wo t the ip was 

caſt away the boate was a Herne being in burthen one tunne and an halfe : there was tft in the 

boatcone oare ano nothing cls, Dome of the company could fwimmme,and recouerc the boa 

and cid hale in out ofthe water as many men as they coulde: among the reſt they had a care to 

watch op the Captaine on the Batter: They happened on my felfe being the maſte r, but could 

neuer ſet the Captaine : Chen they halled into the boate as many men as they could in numbet 

Sirteene gare 16. Whole names hereafter J will rehearſe. And when the +6, wert in the boate , fome hay 
bat hive fittalt remeimbzance,and (ome had none: fo} they did not make account to L ue » but to prolong 


their tues as lung as it pleated Od. and looked tuety meine nt of an boure when the Sta ο§] 


cate ihem vp. ihe boote being fo lil tle and ſo many men in ber, and fo foule Weather, that it wag 

not poſſible top a ſhippe to boo ke bale a coarſe ot ſayle. C hus while wee remayned two darts 

and two nighto, and chat wee ſaw it pleaſed God our boate Hutb in the Sea (although we had 

nothing 2 vg withall but one dotre, which we kept vp the beate withall vpen the Mea, em 

Gainer Hediyes fo went euen asthe Sea would dz ut vs) the re was in our companp one meſter Hedly that put 
boah. e foopth ehis queſtion to me the Mater. A doe Gee that it doth pleaſe Hod hat cur boat e tpucth iy 
the Dea. and it may plealt God that ſome of vs map come to the landif our boace were not ouers 

laden. Let vs make ſirteene lots, and thoſe foure that baut the foure ſwozteſt lets we will taſt o 

uerbooꝛd preferuing the Batter among vs all. Ireplicd vnto bim, faping, no, we will five and 

die together. Malter Hedly aſhed me if my remembpance were good: A anſwered I gaue Gen 

Piapſett was good, and knewe how farre I was off the land, and was in he pe to come to th 

lande within two op three dayts, and fapde they were but thzet ſcont leagues From the lande, 

(when they were ſeuentie) all to put them in comfort, Chus we continued the third and fourth 

dap Without any ſultenance, ſaue ont ly the weedes that fwamme in the Sea, and Colt water o 

dine. The lülth day Hedly oped and another mozeoner : then wee defireD all to die: fo? in all 

thele fue der Ts and fiue nights we Caw che Sunne but once and ide Searre but one night, it was 

fofoule weather, Chus we did remaine the lirt day: then we were very weake and withed all to 

die laulng one ly my felfe which did comfopt them and pꝛomiſed they Would come foone to land 

bp the helpe of God: but the company were very impantunatt, and were in doubt they ſhould ne: 

uer come to land, but that J pronufen them the ſeuenth day they ſbould come to thore, on els they 

fh: uid caſt me ouer booꝛd : whit did happen true the ſeuench day, lo at eleuen ol the clocke wee 

Sen had light of che land, and at 3. of the tloc ke at afternoone we came on land. All cheſe ſtuen daprs 
after dba inv · and (Cun nights the wind kept contiuuallp South. Ik the wind had in the meane time fey 
lache. Upon anp other point, wee had neuer tome to land: we were no fooner come to the land, but the 
Wind came Cleane contrarp at Month within halle an houre alter our arrtuall. Bue we were lo 

weakerhat one could ſt attt iy helpe another of vs out of the boace , pet with much adot being 

come all on (hore we kneeled downe vpon our knees and gaue Goo praile : hat be had dt alt (omer: 

cifullp with vs. Afterwards thole which were Mrongett holpe their fellowes unto a fre ſb brooke, 

Se where we facilfeo cur (clues with water and berries very well. There were of al forts of berries 
fouivartor Plentie, p as goodly a Countrey ag cuct I law: we found a very faire plaine Champion ground 
Newloundland, that aman might ſet very farte euery wap: by the Sea ſide was here and chere a little wood 
with goodly trees as good as cut I law dup in Nowap. able to mad any ſbippe, of pynt trees, 

fprufe irres, tre, aud very great birchtrees. CEibere we came on land we made a little houfe 

With boughes, where we reſled all that night. In the mozung J deulded the company three and 

thee to gor euery way to (ee what foode they could fin to fultaine themſeluen » and eppointen 

them to mere there all agatne at noone with ſuch fone as tev could get. As we mens ele 

Found great ſtoge of peafon as good as anp wee haue in England: a man would thinke they bap 

bent fowen there, Cle rete there three dapes and thy ce niqdts and lined ve ry well with peale 

and betries, wee named the place Sant Laurence, bet ault it was a very goovlp riuer = the 

rice 


laa nee n ä 


— . 
10 larke, 
it that courfe, 
ame, and ag 1 
Neatuings, be: 
ut ſtuen of the 
nthe Sencralt 
hip caſt away 
b for either of 
the Dap before 
„ and ſome of 
ich I granted 
k the hip was 
vas litt in the 
red the boar 
had a care to 
fer, but could 
uld in number 


te, ſome hay | 


ut to prolong 


be Sta eu 
„ that it was * 
ed two Darcy f 


ough We hao 


ate lyueth in 
tte not cuer · 
e will taſt e. 
will nue and 
DF gaue Gen 
come to thy 
m the lande, 
d and fourth 
fale water to 
A in all 
wiſhed all to 
done to land 
y ſhould nee 
OF els they 
) locke wee 
ſtuen baprs 
time Often 
and, but the 
we were lo 
adoe being 
dealt ſo mets 
reſh brooke, 
8 of berries 
Non ground 
little wood 
pyne trees, 
let le houfe 
ny three and 
) eppointes 
ebe me 
ke they bap 
with peale 
uer like the 
tust 


¢ 


é 
¢ N 


Meſlerne planting. Traffiques,and [ Difcoueries, 


A cee 
tiuer ol G. Laurence in Canada, and we found it very full of Salmons, Cibhen wee had well 
often our felues wee raven our boate along the (hope, thinking to haue gone to the Grande Bay 
to haue come home with fome which are peerelp there to hillthe Chale: And when 
we were hungry en a thir we put our boate on land aud gathered peaſe and bertics, Thus wer 
towed tur boate along the ſhope fue about which time we came tu a very good ip tiuer that 
ranne farce vp into the Countrep and (aw very goodly grower trees of all fortes, There we bap. Foureteene ot 
pened pon a (bip of Satat lohn de L. un, which ibip bougbt bs into Biskay to an Darborough 0 h our of 
called The Paflage. The alier ol the hippe was our ger at friend, op elle we had bene put to Newicund lund 
deathlk he hao not kept bur tounlaple. $03 wben the viltozs came aboorD, as it is che ofdet in Mt e &- 
Spaine,thep demaunding what we were, he Cayo we were poope liche rmen that had cat awa our 
Ship in Newfound land, and fo the vificors inquired no moze of the matter at that time, ne 
ag night was come he put vs on land and bad vs ſbift fog ot ſelues. Chen han wee but tenne 05 
t welue miles into France, which we went that night. and then tared not fog the Spanpard. And 

fo ſhontix after we came into England tom arp the end ol the ycere 1583, 


Atrue Report of the late diſcoueries, and poffeffion taken in the 


right of the Crowne of Eg. of the Newfound Lands, By that valiant 
and worthy Gentleman, dir Han - Gilbert Koighr, 


Oi 


VV berein is alfo briefly ct downe,her highne/Se lawfull Title thereunto.and 
the great E. % A rece ie bd abe — thetby, to the whale 


Realme in generall, and to the Aduenturers in particulas: To, ether 
with che eaſineſſe and ſhotineſſe of ihe Vora. 


1 ight the chiefe aduent 
r of Sir Hamfrey Gilber ie bey n 


i voyage to Newfound Land 


Reaver) 
leman, 


l ries, and is owner and Captaine of 
ane, | from thence 


cpt act ee 
eleuenthol Junt lat pat, with 5 -authen bay neete Plimmouth, 
— Ane of the bett foplooke bes company, che tbitttencb bap of the lame moneth, and recur: 
n 
EINE lohns Deuen, Bi Mamirey 
in Newfound land, the 3. of Auguſt laſt. whofe arriuall all the Maſte rs and Chiefe Mari: rine ar wane 
ners ofthe Englich Fleet. which were in the fain Oauen before, enveucring to fraight them(elues 8 
wich lib, repaired vnto Sit Humfrey, whom he made acquainted with the effect of his Commiſ. lade 3. of 
lou: which being done, he promifen co tncreacthcm and their goods well and boncutably as bid — 
beconte her Maleſties Li t They dis all welcome hum in the bett fore that they could, and 
ſbewed him and his all ſuch court eſies as the place coulo affoozd o; peetde, 
Then he went to view che Countrey. being well accompanied with molt of his Captaines anv 
foulviers. They found the ſeme very temperate, but fomswhat warmer then England at that 
ſeaſon of the peeve ceplentihen with Weatks and great ope of Fcule of diuers kinds: And Fit enone thet 
of funvpp Cortes, both in the lalt water, and in the freth,in fo great plentie as might ſullice to vic - founnenerract | 
tuall an Arnie, and they are very eaſlly taken. (QAhat fundsp other 3 
rightneceffacie, the fame dotth peelde, pou ſhall vnderſtand in this treatile hercalter, in place halte cht. 


conuenitnt. 
denen of Auguſt, che Generall cauſed his tent to be fet vpon the five of 
an bill in the vtewe of all the F leete of Engliſh men and Mrangers , which were in number be 
tweene turtle and fourtte ſaple:then being accompanied with all his Captaines, Makers, Gen. 
tlemen and other ſouldiers, he tauſed all — puncipall — ſbips 2 
Tigi men as Spanνν/.A Popiugaics,anv mations, tu tepapze tent: An 
—— or them all. he did cauſe his Connmiiion under the great Beale 
of England to bee opeulp and ſolemne ly read vnta * whereby were granted vino 1 
‘ i * 


commodities fo) this Realme of 4 beat ot 7. 1 


rind. 


—— 


7.0. 2 — 
166 rhe Englhith Voyages, Nauigations, Wefterne planting, 
1 ee ee eee — 
bebte, aud uſſi gnes, by the Queenzs mot excellente ig, many great and large ropaliies, 
fovne pouty. MBErttes,anopriuileoges. Che etfect whereof being 


— * — — — Inti rpr. — 
oi ide New. ter, hee cooke potleſſion of the t land in che right of the Crowne gland bp digg ing ol 
— 15 205 — —5 — ea with an Valell wand, de liuerc b but hum, after che mance ofthe 22 
Crowne of Wane coftorme of ngland. 7 | 
Eng Chen be Agu:fico vn o the Company both gers anv others, Chat from ebencefooge |), 9 8 

were to liue in that land, 45 the Terriioptes Appe ccapning to the Crowne — — and to be dertaken 
deus TIED by ſuch Laws as bp good aduife houto be fet dowwne, which in all pe ts (lo neere 48 lawfult,a 
mi ꝑtt be) houlo be agrerableco the Lawes ol England: nd fo) co put he fame in execution pc, aus, Gn 
fern tp he orvamed and eQablithen thyee Lawes, allows»! 

Tease Fir l, that Religion pubſiauc ly cxerciſed, houlo te (uch, and rene other, then is bird in tip wpooucd 
= Zu Clutch of England. gemieluc 
theme She (econo, chat i. ay pi cfm ſbould bee lawfully conui / ev of any practife again® her at, temen ou 
lie. her Crowne and diguu le, to be iudg ed as traitozs acce ding to the L awesof En gland, Nom! 
The chird,if ny ſbould fpeake Difhonourally ofher Baiethe,rhe partie lo offending, to looſe pig triendn do 
cares. Lts chin and goods,to be conlfcate to che vlc ol the Genc rall. ue and fot 

dune vers Allien did very willing ly dub mit theme lues te thele Lawes, Then he car led the Quetne tie Goo ) t 

Emanceio’ Seed es Armee to bein ued, fet vp, and erected twith great folemnitie, Ali this plies en. 3 eweene th 

Sir Humhey, gli hmen made (ute vato Wir Humfrey to haut of hun bpinhericance , their accuſtome v nag putation & 

tem wsd en Rand:ngo ¢ vaping places, in ſundyy places of that land lol their ach an a thing that they doe mah; kLeollarie, pp 

fo Yuin in Dee Skeet accompt ol. which he granted vnto them in fee latme. And by this mit anes he bart poll ll an beiote non co 

— maintained fo) him, in many pares ol that Ctuntrey. To be bpiefe he did ler. ſet, glue and diſpol | uentene pla 

ol many things, an abfolute Eno} there, by vertue of her Paicittes letter 8 on and ites 
And after thcic hips were repatred, whereof one he was opiuen to leaue behind, both lo wane dapt 
ol men ſulficlent ta lurniſy her. an alſo to carrie home ſuchliche perſons as were not able Pies F luamented, el 
cecde ah further: He de patted ſromthence the 20.0f ugul wich the othe clare, namely, the PD after eprith 
Delight, wherein was appoi eo Captaine in M. William Winters place, (thot thence returned ttzhat our bear 
unmediatly fo Englend) kk ee, ithe Holden hinde, in which wan c aine and bands and ap 
— pet Hays: nae be han dere she ener bimfelfe vin goe, (ming w ſoules > 
bim moft lit to cout t and ey one, Qboſe C 
The 1. dap they came to Tape Rate, toward the South _ whereof, Iping a while be. und France, f 
calmed, they tooke Cod in largencs and quantitie exceeding Wal u of Ne wiound land, tit bs not one lp 
where any of them has bene. And from thence, trenving the coatt toward the Bapof Pla- torte ofourn 
centis, the Generall fent certainemen a hore,to view theCountrep, wbichto them 2s cher fay, Chriltoph: 
led along. ſeemed pleafane, Abereo his men at their teturne gaue great commendatton, thing  midmerep of § 
fo weil of the place, as the y mul willingly baut Capen ano winteen here, But hauing che uns paint pen 
faire and goon, they proceened on thtir cour ſe towards the firme of America, whith by reafon of F father Ring 
continuail foge,ac that time of the peercetperialip,t could neuer fre, till Cox alter of the nnciyderideda 
Goiden Vinde div erne land, and pꝛeſentiy loft fight ibereof oat what time they were al locke to the ¢ 
vpon a beach in a great and outr, us donne, vnder 3, water. But Gon dell laude and pꝛayſ 
Wered the f rizat and the C den Bind from this grrat banger. And the in the pꝛeſente And while h 
oF them all was lot, to tb olhet intenved parpo! 
neteſſary prouiftons, ar ef » bp seafor, of bis garment 
alſo that CChinter w a si bfogs and mitts that ſo were he that lot 
coucted the land, as with anger ol periching they could not appzocly it: Ver Hum Gilbert deth with Golde 
and . Hays were ¢ Ko inch gam their willen to retype bormciwardg : 300, carry another m 
leagues on their wap, were alter by tempelduous weather ſepatatep tte one from the other, the bun by bis garm 
ninth of Sepecmber Lal, fines which time P. Hays with bis Barke ts ſalely arriurd, bi of Si tation of the inw 
Humſfey as pet ihey beare nocirtame newes, : In che ende, v 
Upon chis rep it (iogether with my former intent, to white forme byieſe vifcourfe in the com > We Indien, ch 
mendatton of this fo noble and woylhy an Cuterpaile) J viv call to mp remembpance, the idoue = Peru about Caſa 
of Themyftocles the Greetan,wyo ( 4 tight noble and naliant unto his ttraualles and con: 
Countreymen the Citizens of Athens, t ibe bad inuenceo a deuite log theis common wealth bee led a fancatticall i 
ty profitable : but it was of ſuch ampoztanre and ſecrecie, that it ought not to be rcutaled, beſope But the fequet 
— conference had with ſome particular pꝛudent perfon of their choyſt. a TCtengs, being il 
lang knowing Aliſtides the Pbilofopher, to be amun indutd with Singular wiſe⸗ Fett either io f 
dome and vertue. mabe chopſi ofbimes het conference wit) Tiremyiicies, and thereupon to ial, how 
Pecive his optinion to the Citiscns con ſayd 


lx inruahed the lub 


— — 


— ai ‘ — — — a — 1 — 
e planting, Weflerne planting, Traftiquesand Dilcoueries, 167 
— Rice Encinas — * — — 
o large ropa its, tive the Saute of chew enemies , with great facilitie, as he hab layde the plot: Ariitides ape re⸗ 
Sbpan Inte pn lun to he Cithens, that the Aratageme deuilt wThemyftocles was 3 Proficavle praccife 
A bp digging of fin the conunon wealth but it was dilbon ll. Che Achenians( wit hou; (uctber demauno what the 
the mauer . rue Was) ade common conlent reicct and coudemne it,prefercing boned and WUTC dealing 
heloze profite, 
brncefooptl), ” ; Bp occalton of this Hude, Nopewe mp felfe into amoꝛe debe danllderatton of this late vne 
pland, and to he bdiestaben dopage, wherh cit were ag ‘wel vafingeo almightie d, eee men: as 
so Neere gg lau kult, as it (eee bouourable : AB Wil ge Aullto che Mauages » 48 gainctull to che Chin: 
m exccution jc. Aus, Ano ppon mature Deliberation F founo the action to be honel! and protitable, and eherefore 
Aol e bp the opinion of Ariſlides it he ur te now aliue: which being yp me herem(ufficientlp 
en is vito in (i 7 = wpooucn,/as bp Gods grace I purpole a doe) A doubt not but that all good nun vill ende uour 
DJemſelucn to be all.Qants to this ſocennnendable an Cuterpaife, bp the valiane thy Gens 
ain her Pat. flemen dur Countrep men ali caby atem ved and undertaken, 
vol England, Nom whereas J doe vnde rand that Humfrey Gilbert bis aher 
Ding, to lool hig friends dot nenne with ag 
ed the Quecnes 127 
this pints en. i tes by 
ultemed dag , all chings that be nes 
u they dae mare | a life: Che clpmate nulde and cemperate, neyther too 
Chath poli Ton | bote noz too colde, lo that vnoer the cope of he awen ther r is not any where ta be kound amore cons 
tue and bifpoe | t uentene place to plant and inhabite in: nech mar nocabie Benttemen, boch lof our owne nati: fenauifhine, 
tenes, o anb itrangers, who baue bene trausilers) tan teile: and that thofe Countries ace at this te 
both lo dun day inhabited wit! bon bende baue no knotaleoge of @ob:) 39 cht, cen fay) to be Si Feaoci 
Notable to w.. lamentep, that the le poope Pagans, fo long ling intgnopance and tdoletry, and in = my M, Wine 
e, namely, te alter Chpiltanttte, (as map appeare byt he relacion of ſuch as baue d in thole partes ie 
hence returns F betone bearts are (4 bardened , that ewe op none can be four inhi se totbeir helping danch. 
Captaine any | bands,and apply themleluen co the telieuung of the milerable and w Mate oF there fittie 2 
de, ſet nung w ſoules + dall. 
Whore Countrey doeh (os it were mith arms abuaneed )aboue tbe climates both Of Spaine an ng 
ig & while be. and France, Mretshout ut lette cowarns a only: In maner achten apbe and beipe, AB Dawid Ingram, 
ound land, it is not one ly fet forth in Mercators gener; Derg, but it is alfofounn to be true by the diſto · aug 
¢Bapof Pla- nue of our nacton,and other Qrangers, who baue oftentimes trauailed upon the Came coatts, ob K ibaule. 
as they fay. | Chriftopher Columbus of famous memorie , che fir® indrument to mantel the great gloꝛy —— 
bation, Ing pub meccy Of Amnigheve Hod in planting ihe Chuan faith, inibore fo long vuknolwen regions, 2 
ung the wd babe Buer beit to acquaine (08 be did) that renoumen Waince, the Queenes ies grand · Leu. 
bp reaſon of =F | father King cnry the ſeuenth, wich bis intended voyage fop the CAleſterne duſcoueries, was not —.— 
Dealer of ie 4 onely derided and moc ked generally tuen here in England, bus afterwaro became 4 bing 2 Co. 
they were all ttocke to the 5 cke mana Dap (ofall other people )are mom leude: 3 
ut God bel.. tang, a he Ban who it Green yp tbe man ea ec enterpzile. 
the prefence And while be was attending the re to acquaint the Ring of Caf 
on, and or bet intended purpofe, 
n, bp reaſon = 
nits 4 fe — - ‘te a rae 825 2 
ö bee „ » 4nd Precious Roncs ; were any ſuch man Dtbey) he would fe ver 
300, . dun be n der tance of countenance with bim, and looke ſome what loftier, Thus Come iungen form mat 
. 7 daun deen oer bp bis locke and countenance, but hone enered inca the confine» hme of cous. 
but of Mis > tation man, 
N Jt the woe, what Cuccelle bis ttopage bud tbo lift to rrade the Decades, the Hilopir of che 
in the com > Wek Indies, the conqueſt ot Hernando Cortes about Mexico,auy ifco Pi 
the winone Peru about Caſam mo All 
ne bis malle and | un 
wealth ve 
ed, befoje thoufands of ſoules taknnine thele 
‘ k before that shegetter as i Sind path Guce made fufficient 
i ee 5 
reupon to SUiball, how mighettp 1 of te Croton of Spsine, ao grea 
be ſet — le inruched the fublects ol the inne, let all men conũioer, Belloes, it is well kuowen, hat lithent 


MICROCOPY RESOLUTION TEST CHART 
(ANSI and ISO TEST CHART No. 2) 


2.5 


= lize 


5 


errPEEERE 


EEE 


4e. 


EF 
ig 
Fr 


1 
. 4 


U ys 


APPLIED IMAGE Inc 


1653 East Main Street 
Rochester, New York 14609 
(716) 482 - 0300 - Phone 
(716) 288 - 5989 — Fox 


USA 


168 The Engliſ Voyages, Nauigations, W eſterne planting, 


A reafonable 
tequelt. 


ime ol Columbus his firſt vilcouerie, through the planting, polleſling, and inhabiting thote 
4 ee bath Ne and brought home into Europe greater ſloze ot Golde, Sil · 
wer, Neatle, and Precious tones, then heretofore hath bene in all ages lince the creation ok the 
ba ! infinite mer: 
fore heartily with, that ſeeing it hath pleaſed almightie God of his intinite mercy,ae 
eee at tone wozthp Counteep men out of that dyowfienpeame, wherein we 
tong flumbered: ete 
8 may now not ſuffer chat to quale oꝝ want of maintenance, which by chefe vallant 
Sem lemen our Couattepmen is ſo noblpy begun x enterpꝛiſed. Foz which purpoſe, J haue taken 


vpon me to write this ſimple tore Treatiſe, hoping that it ſhall be able to pertwade ſuch as haue 


4 t doe continue detractozs and hinderers or this tourney, (by reaſon perhaps that they 
ane delberately and aduiledly entred into the iudgt ment of the matter that yet now vpon 
better tonſideration they will become fauourable furtherers of the lame. And that luch as are 
already well affected thereunto, will continue their goon viſpolltion: And withall, J moſt hum: 
bly pray all (uch as are no nigards oktheir purles in buping of coltly and rich apparel. and liberal 
Conttibutoꝛs in letting forty of games, paſtunes, keaſtings and banquets , ( whereof the charge 
being pat, there is no hope of publique profite o:commoditie) that henceforch they will beſtowe 
and empioy their liberality (beretofoze that way erpender) to the furtherance of thete fo commen: 

oceedings. a f 
Wee if taken pen in hand, as in confcience thereunto mooued, defiring muth 
rather that of the great multitude which this Nealme doeth nouriſh, karre better able to handle 
this matter then I my lelle am, it would haue plealed fome one of them to haue vndertaken the 
fame, Butleeing they are ſilent, anvebat it falleth to my lotte to put pen to the paper, J will 
endeuour mp felfe, and doe ſtand in good hope (though my Chill and knowledge bee ſimple, pet 


aſſiſtance of almightie God) to pʒooue that the Aopage, lately enterpꝛiſev fo; trade, i? 
argument 1 eh planeing in . an action tending to the lawlull enlargement ok her M 


2 . ieſties Dominions, commodious tothe whole Nealme in generall, profitable to the aduenturers 


in particular, beneficiall cothe Sauages , ann a mutter to be atteinen without anp great Danger 


ie. 
4 antatp, (which is moſt ok all) A thing like wiſe tending to the honour and glory of At 
mightie God. And for chat the lawfulneſſe to plant in thofe Countrepes in ſome mens tuoges 
ments leemeth verp doubtfull, J will beginne che pꝛooke of the lawfulnelle of trade, traffique, 


and planting. 


the Sauages: And to plant in their Countries: And diuideth planting into ivo forts, 


Nod iri fop traffique, I lay that the Chꝛiſtians may lawfully trauell into thole Countries 
A abide there: whom the Sauages map not iuſtlp impugne and kozbidde in reſpect of 


the mutual ſocietie and fellowſhippe betweene man and man pzeſcribed by the Law ok N 
5 22 000 krom the lirſt beginning of the creation of the world , and from the renewing of the fane 


yes flood, allmen haue agreed, that no violence ſhould be offered to Ambalſadours: Chit 

94 neh bis Pauens . N common: That ſuch as ſhould fortune to be taken in warre, 

fhouto be ſeruants oz ſlaues: And that ſtrangers ſhould not bee dꝛiuen away krom the place op 
untrey whereunte they doe come, a : 

Ot it ae ſothen, J ceosetia in what age, and by what Law isthe fame kozbidden oz denied 


ſince : Foz who doubterh but that it is lawfull for Chpittians to vſe trade and traffique with In: Fe 


fidels oz Sauagea, carrping thiiher ſuch commonities as they want, and bringing from thence 
fome part of their plentie: 

bins hit and generally pꝛattiſev, both in thele our dapes, and in times pal, beyond 
the memozie ol man, boch by Chziſtians and Jufidels, that it needeth no further proofe, 


And koꝛaſmuch as the vſe of trade and traffique (be it neuer ſo pꝛoſitable) ought not to be p Fe 


ferve beloze the planting of Chyicdian faith: J will therefoze lamewhat intreate ok planting, 


(wixhout which, Chꝛiſtian Religion can takens rooꝛe, he the Preachers neuer ſo careful annie | 


Ce rrinetyan ligent) which I meane to diuide into two ſoztes. 


cauſes whp 


thie borsseis ted by them to quiet pollellton. 


The fied, when Cheitians by the gvod thing and willing allent ofthe Sauages , are avm / 
= oe he 


fully and i 
ſes and Io! 
and King 

a pꝛoofe m 
other fozre 
done, then 
way all occ 
Asletti 
other ende, 
owne comn 
wo2des one 
Foz albe 

be heedeful 
Chziſtians f 
fon of their l 
tion, and lett 
diſcommodi 
not offenfiti 
And ques 
Dring to pati 
ok nature, ar 


then by cruel 


lirſt to be put 
' Jo; albei 

aͤnguage, epi 
Det fo they; 
kens toward; 
allured kriend 
them beneſite 
it in deedes, 


andtrifſes: 


The ſecond Chapter ſhe weth, that ĩt is law full and neceſſarie to trade and treff que with . Chapttall, A. 
5 


counted byth 
to a liking and 

Pozeouer, 
meanes, to fig 


avmitted betw 


waves be read 


> uations, (pople 
ers: and a be 
beltowed ſtant 


Foz it appe⸗ 


: uelled in thofe 


are at continua 
being a cruell k 


| facehem withr 


And it is not 


Suauages agair 


mightilp ſtirre: 
ſtians, pꝛofferin 
contents thall e. 
tothe Chiſtian 
Land, and how 
ground of it felf 
uhich as J alſut 


planting, 


inhabiting thole 
of Golde, Sil: 
creation of the 


nfinite mercy,at 
ie, wherein we 


by theſe valiant 
ſe, haue taken 
ade ſuch as haue 
erhaps that they 
t pet now vpon 
hat luch as are 
ll, I moſt hum: 
arel, and liberal 
ereok the charge 
pep will beſtowe 
hele fo commen: 


, deſiring muth 
er able to handle 
e vndertaken the 
he paper, J will 
e bee imple, pet 
rprifed for trade 


nent ok her Mar · 7 


theaduenturers 


p great Danger | 


and glow of Al 
me mens iudge⸗ 
trade, traffique, 


d treff que with 
into ivo forts, 


thofe Countries 
dde in reſpect of 
the Law of N 


wing ok the fame 
allſadours: Thu 
taken in ware, 
from the plate oz 


widden oz denied 


RY 
Es 
S 
1 
ye: 
1 


N . 
ie Bah AN ris 


W fterne planting. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 


The lecond, when Chriians being vniuttly reyulteo, ve 
0 ultly reyulſed, doe leeket { 
0 . epulled, Oattane and manteine the 
And though in regard of the eſkabliſhment of Chꝛiſltan Religion, e ther ol bo 1 
fully and iuſtiy erercifens ( CCtherrof many examples map be 570 a wel in Ay if 595 
ſes and Iofua, and other Rulers betwze the birth of Chat, as of many bertucus Enperours 
and Rings lichence his intarnatlon:) pet doe I with, thar beloze the lecond be put in p. actiſe 
a pꝛoofe map be made of the ſürſt, lauing chat for ! heir lafetie ag weil againſtthe Sauages, as all 
a Gam alten 15 epee lirſt 20 and ſtrongly foꝛtiſie themſelues: which being 
one, then by all Lapae ſpeeches, and euery other good meanes of perlu. 
1 A ok offence. : pestivallon ta tete to take a 
Sletiing them to vnderſtand⸗ how they came not to their hurt, bit fo their good 
ph ae 1 7 1 1 amongſt them, and to trade anbtraffique with them fop 1 000 
own ichout moleſting o2 grieuing them anp wap: whi 
woꝛdes one ly but alſo by deedes. f 8 e e * 
Foz albeit, to maintaine right and repell iniury, be a iuſt cauſe of warre: pet muſtt 
be heedefull care had that whereas the Sauages be fearefull by nature, e ee 
Chziſtians houlo doe their beſt endeuour to take away luch feare as may grawe vnto them by reas 
fon of their ſtrange apnarell, Armour, and weapon, oz ſuch like, by quiet ar peaceable conuerſa⸗ 
ee tees 0 1 be ung a mealure of blameleſſe vefence, with as little 
ommoditie to auages as may bee: fo; this kinde o 
e e : 8 rth kwarre would be onely delenſiue and 
And que dionleſſe there is great hope and likelyhoode, chat by this kinde of m 
bing to paſſe all effects to dur velired purpoſes: Conlidering that all creatures 10 e 
1 1 570 vd 1 Moo wonne fo2 all allapes. by courteſie and milvneſſe 
hen bp crueltie oꝛ rougbneſſe: and therekoze being apꝛinciple tau Eis 
7 bene de being apꝛinciple taught vs by natural teaſon, it is 
Foz albeit as pet the Chꝛiſtians are not fo thꝛoughi⸗ furnithen with the perf ö 
language, epther to expꝛeſſe their mindes to them, o) againe to 5 . 
Pet for the pꝛeſent oppoztunitie, ſuch policie map be vſed by friendly ignes, and coutteous to⸗ 
Kens towards them, as the Sauages may ealily perceiue ( were their (ences neuer ſo grolle) an 
allure friendſhip to be offered them, andt at ther are encountered with luch a nation as brings 
them bencite,commovitie, peace, tranquilitie andlaletie. Ca further this, ant to accomplity 
it in deedes, there mutt bee pꝛeſented vnto them gtatis, ſome kindes of our pectic marchant izes 
andtrifles: As looking glalles, Belles, Beades, Bracelets, Chaines, oz collers of Bewgle, 


+ Chapttall, amber, Jet, oꝛ Glalle gc. For ſuch be thetbings, though to bs of finalt balne, pet aca 


counted by them of high price and eftimation : and foot illi 5 
Wie cotter will induce their Barbarous natures 


SPoreouer, it hall be requifite eyther by ſpeeche, if it be poſſible, either by ſome other certaine 


meanes, to fignifie vnto them, that once league of kriendſhip with all louing conuerlation bein 


1 aomitted betweene the Chrittians and them: that then the Chꝛiſtians from thenceforth will ale 


a 


raffique with Jn Be 


ging kom thence 


imes patf, beyond 


pꝛooke. 
rhe not ta be pie 


ä 


eate of planting, | 


o terefuͤl and dd: 
ages, are admit 
Che 


waves be ready with force o Armes to aſliſt and defendthem in their iuſt quarrels . 
uations, ſpoples and oppzeſlions offered them by any Tyrants, Abuerlaties, 0? 5 pane 
bers? anda benefite is lo much the moze to be eſteemed, by how much the perlan vpon whom it is 


bieſtowed ſtandeth in neede thereof, 


Foz it appeareth by the relation of a Countryman of ours, namelp Dauid Ingram, (who trae 


ielled in thole countries xi. Poneths and moze) That the Dattages generally fo the mol part, 


are at continuall warres wich their nert adioyning neighbours, and elpecially the 
beings a crnel kinve ol people, whole foode is mans fleſh, and haue 


fue them with rauenous nundes to eate their fleſh, and deuoure them. 


mightilp ſtirre and inflame their ruve mindes gladly to embꝛace the louing company of the Chyil⸗ 


ffectand place, 
But 


— — 
— 


F TT A Wey eae Berry ea aes ³ 5 

170 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Weflerne planting, Wefter 
. 2 ͤ ... LT —— N Te a 
Che fecond: But ik after thele goon and Fayre meanes vled, the Sauages neucreheletle will not bec ere 

lung. an“ witbal Catiftied, but barbacoutly will goc about to practife violence epther in repelling the the 6 andes 

Qians from chete Posts & (afclandings , oz in withEanving them akterwards to eniop the rights Alter the 

fo which both painfully and lawfully they haue aduenturen themle lues thither: charge kron 

Then in luch acale J holde it no byeach of egultie fop the Chultians to dekend ihemſe lues, t. many Gent 

pur ſue reuenge with force, and to doe whatloe uer is neceſlarie fo; the atteining of their faeries Kinga as v 

Foz it is allowable by all Lawes in ſuch dillreſles, to reſiſt violence wich violence : And fo their and great t. 

moze ſeturitie to increaſe their ſtrength by building of Foꝛts lo auopding the extremitie ot in Kings, whor 

iurious dealing. this God ſhe 

Tlherein if allo they Chal not be ſufferev in reaſonable quietnell co continue, there is no barre (ant and nob 

(as J iudge) but that iu toute alſemblies the Chꝛiſlians may illue out, and by lirong hand purtue chat in ſhozt 

their enemies, ſubdue them, take polſeſſion of their Townes, Cities, oz Uillages, and ( in auoys | the fierce Ma 

ding murtherous tyꝛannie) tovle che Law of Armes, as in like cafe among all j2ations at this people to pol 

day is vſed: and moſt eſpeciallp to the ende: ey may with lecuritie holde their lawlull pollen, J conld re 

leſt happily after the departure of the Chpittians, ſuch Bauages as haue bene conuerted, houm to, were it no 

afterwards thꝛough compullion and enforcement of their wicked Rulers, returne to their ho ledge ſome k 

ble idolatrie (as vip che childzen of Alrael: after the deceaſe of Jofhua) and continue their wickey | pers, all ten 

cuſtome of moſt vnnaturali facrificing of humane creatures. Sauiour Fe! 

And in ſo doing, doubtleſle the Chziſtians ſpall no whit at all tranſgreſle the bonds of equitie | and the know 

oz ciuilitie, foꝛaſmuch as in former ages, (pea, befoze the incarnation of Thrift) the line hath bene of the wozlo, 

done by ſundzy Wings and 1zinces , Gouernours ofthe childzen ak Ilrael: chiefly in tefpectto mapned ſome 

begintheir planting, foe the eltablichmentol Gods wonde: as allo ſince the Matiuitie ol Chit,, India the gree 

mightie and puiifant Cmperours and Pings haue perfopmen the like, J lap to plant, poſſeſſe, up to paſle, that 

ſubdue. Foꝛ pzoole whereok, J will alledge pou examples of both kindes. d learch out v 

lee reade in the olde Teſtament, how chat after Noes flocd was ceaſed, reſtauration of man / rich, whith wpe 

kinde hegen onelpok thole lewe of Noes chilozen and familie as were by Gonpyeelectedto be: VPhilolonber o 

fauedin the Arke with him, whofe leede in pꝛoteſſe of ime, was multipiyed to infinite numbers the erampie of 

of Nations, which in diuers loztes diulded themſelues to fund zy quarters of the earth. And lo mall Cellet ar 

almuch as all their poſteritie being mightilp encrealed, followed not the perfect like ol Noe ih ! whom (being 

predeceflour, Gov chole out of che multteude a peciiiar people to bimielfe, to whom afters Religton. 320 

wardes being vnder the gouernment of Moyſes /n gp ant Siney, hee made a graunt to inhette | vndectanding 

the Land of Cannan, called the Land ok pꝛomiſe, wich all the otber rich and fertile Countries vnto the Empe 

nert adiopning chercunts, Neuertheleſle, before they came to polleffiontheresf, hauing benea ut by mil 


flicted with many grieuous puniſhments and plagurs foz their lines, th; p fell in deſpapze s ward, a loge te 
eniop the lame. ſapd land: wh 
But being encouraged and comfopted by their Rulers, (men of Gon) they pꝛoceeded, / companp, ercep 
ming themlelues with all patience, to luffer whatſoeuer it ſhould pleaſe Govto lends and at lat they were of cor 
stants the Land, they were encountered with great numbers of ftrong people, and might / 4 Joys 
ings. and ozdeinev 
ne Notwichccandlug. lofua their Leaner ceplenithed with the Sopirice of Gon, being alluteder |e bon of thetrlleart 
ue theiuttnelle of bis quarell, gathered the chiefeftrength of the chiloren of iftacteonetber, tote with the Pzince 
number of aoooo. wich worm he lafe ly paſſe the huge riuer Jordan, and hauing before feutpis b gouerne, and 
Jona. ie lpies ko thevifcouerie of the famous cttie Ierico, tomberttann che certaintieof the Citizens I tei naulue ſople 
elkate he forth with came thither, and enuironed it round about i's whole power che lparenk vouted chem wa 
ſeuen dapes. barie and aſſid 
In which reſpite perceiuing none of the Oentiles dilpoler u. . t o tell fo mertie, hethen P Pe peeres, wh 
commanded (as God before had appointed) that both the citie eric. ſhould be burned, pea, u And Frument 
all che inhabitants: as wellolde as poung, with all their cacteli ſhould ve deſtroped, onelp erceptes I erte at his vitcre 
Rahab,ber kindzeb and familie, becaute thee before hav hid lerretip the mellengers ol Ioſua, tit Chnidian religio 
were lent thither as lpies. As fop all their gotve, Auer, precious tones, on vellels of bzalle, e: micht belt ppeuat 
were reſerued and confecrated to the Loꝛds trralurie. cidingly, hee th 
Jolas 8. In like mance he burne the citie Hey, lem the inhabitants thereol, and hanged vp theit Ring- dountrep. And fe 
But fop fo muchas the Gebionites (Fearing thelike euent) Cent Amballadours onto Tofuatoin fe ect ok all chole: 
Jofuag, krete for grace favour, and peace: hee cammaunded that all their lives ould ber laue, ann amdulſe and gvod l 
that they ſhould be admitte v to the company of the chiltien of Ifrael, Vet vnderſtarving afters be ee 
twards thep wougbe rbis bp a police, be vlenchem zn dnudges to hewe bond nnd fo carte wate, ff? 1 ate 
and other necollartes fon bis people, Chusbexanne this baltant Ceptaine bis conquett, which fe yt)’ 1175 80 
Gudg.rrs3. he pur lued and neuer lelt kill hee had lubdued allthe Hethites, Amorites, cm, ate berp mouch ol Ed 
eultes, 


— — ey 


9 planting, 


— ase 
vill not bee heres 
pelling the Cini. 


v enbop the rights 
wihemſelues, to 


gor their ſaketiet 


e: And foz theie 


extremitie ot ine 


there is no barre 
‘ong hand purſue 
B, and ( in auoy | 
Inaations at this 
Well poſſeſſian, 
muerted, ſhould 
ne to their hoꝛri⸗ 

ue their wicked 


bonds of equitie 
be lite hath bene 
eflp in reſpect eo 
tiuitie of Chnit, 
ant, poſſeſſe, any 


tration of mane 
reelected to bee 
0 

. And for 
life of Noe their 
to whom afters 
raunt to inherite 
tile Countries 
hauing bene afe 
in deſpayze to 


proceeded, at 
end: and at laſt 


ple, and mighty 


being alluted of 
ogether, to the 
beloze fet pris 
ofthe Citizens 
wer the fpaceot 


meteie, he then 
urned, pea, and 
onely exceptes 
s Of Ioſua, that 


is of bzalle, they 


bp their King. 
to Ioſua to ity 
bee ſaued, m 
eſtarding after⸗ 
to carie water, 
nqueſt, which 
ites, Pereſites, 

Heuites, 


0 


( 


people to polſleſſe and inherite. 


to, were it not I doe indeuour in ) | 
ledge {ome kewe Inductions out of the autenticall wzitings of the Eccleſtalkicall 
pers, all ending to the like argument. And firſt to begin withall, we doc reade: 
Sauour Jeſus Chyiſt had ſufkered his pallion, the Apeſtles being inpired with 
and the knowledge of all ſtrange lauguages, did immediallp diſperſe themlelues 
ol the woꝛlo, to the pꝛeaching of the Golpel. 
mapned ſome karre remote Countries vnvilited by them among 
India the great, callen the vttermoſt India, as pet bad Fecctued no light ol the wozd. 
to paſſe, that one Metrodorus a bery learned and wife IPhiloſopher 
bo learch out vndnotden lands, did üirſt dilcouer the lame, 

nch, why rh vpon his returne being publiched, and fo? certaine vnderũood, there was anot 


y felfe by all meanes to be 


Wefterne planting. Tratfiques and Diſcoueries. 


Heuites, and lebuſites, with all their princes anv Kin 
other ſtrange nations,befives whofelanos €Dominions he wholp diuided amon 
Alter that loſua was deceaſed, luda was conſtituted Loyd cue 
charge from Gov, purlued ihe pꝛoceedings of the holy captaine lofua , and 
many Gentiles, Foolaters, and aduerſartes to the chilozen ok! 
Kinga as wichltoode him, and namel 
aud great toes he cauſed to be cut off, 
Kings, whom being his prifoners ) 
this God ſhe wed his tuttce to reuenge tyꝛannie. 
fant and noble warriour fo behaued hümlelfe in 
that in ſhoꝛt time he not only deliuered the childzen of Ilrael from the hand 
the fierce Madianites, but alſo lubdued them and their 


foz fo much as hee had dor 


he koꝛced to gather vp their victuals vndern 


Pyilolonher of Tyrus talled Meropius, being a Chnſtian, who did 


n 
B 


„ 


ward, a ſoze ten peſt arvſe, 
ſapd land: where he by the mon cruell barbarous Indians on th 


11. 


Ree as 


the erampie of Metrodorus) to trauaile thither, and in a ſhozt timea 
mall effet arriued there, hauing in his company 6 out 
> rho (being bis ſchollers) he had thꝛoughiy inſtructed both in libe 


Adonibezek the moſt cruell tpꝛan 


gs, being thirtie and one in number, x diuers 


g Gods people. 

r the armie, who receiuing like 
vtterly vanqunhed 
ſrael, with ali ſuch Kulers 02 


ne the like before vnto ſeuentie 


Wiſtoꝛtogra⸗ 
That afer our 
the holy Gholt, 
to ſundꝛy parts 


Vet not in ſo generall a maner, but that there re⸗ 


the which it is reported that 


———— ͤ — 


171 


— 


t: whole tiumues Indg. 1. 


eath his tavle. In m good note 
Ge reade ktkewile , that Gedeon a moſt pull 107 cl €onque. 


following the Woathp acts of loſua and luda, 


rers ta bemer- 
ciłult. 


6 ok the multitude of Audg 6.7. 
Cpꝛants, whole landes he cauled Gods 


J could rei tte diners other places out of the Ocripture, which aptly may be apylyed hereun⸗ 
batefe, Mom ta like maner will Sale 


But it came Nuffinus lib. B. 


in that age, being deſirous b.. 


finding it wonderfull populous and 


ber graue 
relolue hunſelke ( following 
(hited but witha fewe, ina 


two pong pouths , Edefius and Frunientius, 


rall Sciences, and chꝛiſtian 


eligton. Now after that Meropius lume while ſtaying there, had (as hee thought) luca cient 


vnderſtanding okthe Indians whole eſtate: 
vnto the Emperour, whom he meant to erh 


e determu.ed tobepart, and to being notice thereok 
ozt to the conqueſt ofthe lame. 


But by milfoꝛtune he was pꝛeuented, fo being in the middelt ok his courfeon the Sea home: 


hg and ciull gouernment, they were had in great fauour, honour, and eftimation 
with the Pꝛinces. But the King veparting this like, left the Queene his 

at their beſt plealure to paſſe ta 
Pet the Queene who highly fa: 
) toured chem was very ſoꝛowfull they hotly Depart, and therefore moſt earneſlly intreated them 
e tarie and alliſt her in the gouernment ok her people, till {uch 
pe peeres, which requeſt hep fulfilicn; 


| might bet preuaile, and that foonet would giue eare vnto him: which 
> copdingly, hee then with his fellow EdeGus tooke leaue of the Ducen 
a ere, he reuealed tothe En 


‘ fett of all thoſe euents: who both commending his peedes and whol 


d duiſe and good liking of Athanaſi us then Biſhop of Alexandria did arine and let fo 


is ſo godlp a purpoſe. and bp this meanes came 
pe the Emperour akterwards by faire pꝛomiſes, and by force of armes together, vntot 


ie Ruffinus retciued the trueth h 


of all the Indians countrep, 


The authop of this ſto 
bety mouch of Edeſius companion to Frumentius 


wife with her pong fonne 


time as her young forme grewe ta 


p allowing thereof, by the n 
itha conue⸗ bth. 


he poſſeſſion 


e to returne to his natine an other great 


perour Conſtantine, the Seat eae 


tan of immeant 


ereot fromthe Rutinus the 


Murto; of hte 
Rope, 


Mozeouer 


‘ 


172 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, V. gerne planting, 


— 

naled. in his er · opeouer Euſebius in his Hiſtoʒie Eccleſiaſlicall in pꝛeciſe termes, and in diners plates ing, 
dane celnderD U how Condlantine the great not onely enlargen bis Empire by the fubouing of yg pe 
Pow tharcon nere neighbours, but allo endeucuren bp all meanes to lubiect all fuch remote Barbarous any here 
gte diben. bpenthen nations, as then inhabited the foure quaters ofthe wozloe. Sop (as it is witten) tie 0 
munich do Emperour thꝛoughip apved wich a puillant armie of valiant ſouldiers whom he had before pers aifo incho 
fiwoumget Cwaded to Chzittian religion, in proper perfongimfelfe came cucn vnto this our country of Eng. e 
Aufdels and land, then callep the Illand ok Britaines, bending from him full ICleſt, which he wholy congue. bis relati 
mannes red, made tributarie, and ſetled therein Chziſtian kaith, and left be hinde him luch Rulers thereof, chere. Ant 
But tips aw, t. as to his wiſedome ſeemed beſt. From thence her turned his fopce towardes the Hort coallaf man Dr 
cree.” the wopld,and there vtterly lubdued the rude and cruell Nation of the Scythians, whercof pn den. 
da bee. bykriendly perlwalions, part by maine ſtrength, hee reduced the whole to Chnillian kaith. Alter. Wi Yk 
a. 39. wards he determined with himlelfe to (earch out what Reange people inhabited in the vecermog - 18 
parts of the South, And with great hazard and labour, making his iourney thither, at laſt be: 5 Jouing Pri 
came victour duer them all, euen to the countrey of the Blemmyans, and the remote Athioprans, - 5 
that now are the people of Presbyter John, who pet tillthis day continue and beare the name licardofy 

of Chziſtians. i Me 8 e 

In che Eaſt like wiſe, what Nation lot uer at that time he could haue notice o he eaſily wonne eye and: 

and bꝛought in ſubie ction to the Empire. So that to conclude, there was no region in any part 1 Cournrey, 

of the woplo, the inhabitants whereof being Gentiles , though vnknowen vnto him, but in tim cl e 

rcame and vanquiſhed. 5 91 

eee pain of Conſtantine, both his ſonnes ſucteeding bis roome, and alfa: 8 

uers other Emperours afterward to their vttermoſt endeuour kollowed andcontinued, wich il FD trrebavpot 

Theodoret,in the bookes of Euſebius moze at large fet foopth, Theodoretus likewife in his Cocke atical 45 foralmuche 
cao? billozie maketh mention how Theodoſius the verttous Emperour tmploped earneffly all bis ckeime fort 
cap. 20, time, as well in conquering the Gentiles to the knowledge of the holy Golpel, veterly ſubuerting 5 of bee higön 
their pꝛophane Temples and abominable Jdolatry, as allo in ertinguithing of (uch vlurping * thecümne okt 

Theodorens LANES as with Pagariſme withſtood the planting of Chpiftian religion. After whole Decealehis F tenes were! 
en.s6eoim lonnes Honorius and Arcadus were created Emperours, the one of he Ca, che ober ote bis hace (on 
lb, THe, who with all fone godlineſſe nee 1 6 . i fopefteps of their Father, eyiher Me ahterwarve: 

in enlarging their territoꝛies, oz increaſing the chpittian flocke, : ; ' 

e is e by the {apd authoz, that Theodofius lunior the Emperour, no tohit la 

inkeriour in vertuous life to any ofthe aboue named Ppinces, with great ſtudie and zeale purſue Sancius han 

and pꝛoſetuted the Gentiles, ſubdued their tyꝛants and countries, and vtterly deſtroped all their Adee ape ofF 

idolatry , conuerting their foules to acknowledge their onelp Mellias and Creatop , and ther Andthior 

Countries to the enlargement of the Empire. To be bꝛieke, who ſo liſteth to read Euſebius Pam. en 

philus, Socrates Scholaſticus, Theodoritus, Hermia, Sozomen, and Euagrius Scholatticus, actuall poftet 

which all were moſt lage Eccleſiaſticall whiters hall finde great ſtoze of examples ofthe wopthy of Vaſqvesd 

liues of ſundꝛy Emperours, tending all to the confirmation of mp foꝛmer ſpeeches. FU thinkeie n 

And Fo like eramples of later time, (peaeueninthe memozie of man) J thalluot heedeto 4 thinke 5 

recite any other then the ronqueſt made of the Melt and Ealt Indies by the Ringe ol Spaine an The fourth cl 

Portugall, whereof there is particular mention made in the lat Chapter ofthis booke, Perch likelptop 

haue J vled moze copp of examples then otherwiſe J would haue done, lauing that J haue bene we 

in place, where this maner of planting the Chꝛiſtian fateh hath bene thought of ſeme to be fcarce  1Ditos 

lawkull, yea, ſuch as oe take vpon them to be moze then meanely learned. To theſe examples © IN er 

could Jiopne many moe, but whofocuer is not ſatiſlied with theſẽ ewe, may Catiftie himſelle n gen f 

reading at large the Authors laſt aboue recited, Thus haue J (as Itruſt) proouen that me may tude Aber 

iuſtly trade and traffique with the Sauages, and lawfully plant and inhabite their Countries, which dyrealb 

The third Chapter doeth fhew the lawfull title which the Queenes moſt excellent Maie- my inte — 

ſtie hath vnto thoſe Countries, which through the ayde of Almighty God are meant to Chitty tansy 

e f were none eis 

; 1 : karre eri 

Adit is very euident that the planting there thal in time right amply enlarge her Mpaietties that thep haue 

Onan Coynel Territozies and Dominions, oz (IJ might rather fap) reſtoꝛe her to her Dighnetle anctent ah there o 

Bunde right and interelt in thole Countries, into the which a noble and woꝛthy perſunage, line ally vel: migteehen fm 

Mauthe. conden From the blood topall,beane in Elles, named Madock ap Owen Suyneth, depattlig na 


ca Beg. from the coattof England, about tie peereof our Loon 1170, arrived and there plante 
e bimelleam bia Colonies nd afeeriuarD returned bisnfette into England, teauing ino 


— — 


neplantin 2, Wefterne planting. Traffigiiesand Diſcoueries. 173 
ee Sea people there, as appeareth in an ancient Welth Chionirle, wherehe then aue to certaine lands, Thie Ind 
u bitters places ing beaites,and foules (undgp Welth names, as the Aland of Pengwin, which pettothis day beareth reh bor 
the ſubduing OF hig fome, ‘ ; . # 3 Humſtey and 
te Barbarous md Chere is likewile afoute in the fale countreps called by the lame name at this dap, and is as mne fe 
ac it is witten) the much to fap in Engliſh, as Whitehead, and in trueth the Cato koules haue white heads. There is tournep. 
1 alſo in thoſe countreis a bh called Gwynethes which is likewile a Welſh wozd. Worecuer, 

ng. lucte - her Wel d 
b be wholp cong 10 there are diuerr her Welth woꝛdeg a repoꝛteth in 
ich Rulers there, c 
Hes la | . ng Of them, made in the pꝛeſente of ler. 
ians, att D eches following, 
ittian faith. Steer, Ms nando Cortes bſed theſe ſpe g 
edin the vrtermoſt 15 : ſubiects in pie. 
thither, at Latthe 5 ent ſubiects, and 
mote Æthiopuns, 1 i i 


ſo I hope you will remaine al tala 
that either you haue which Patton 

enottiaturally ofthis bauttte pere 

me from a farre coun. 1520, aid 


nd beare the nam 4 f 


1 kingdome is durable, be ſe 
ol, he rally wn; ountrey; nor yet out kingdomeę is durable, becauſe o 


5 ttey, and their King and Captaine, who brannten hither, returned againe to his natutall 
region in anp par Countrey, ſaying that he would fend fuch as fhould rule and 8 0 
to him, but in time ſelle returned not, &e, * 


1 eſe be the very wozdes of Mutezuma ſet domne in the Spanith Chu hicles, the which bre 
roome, and alfori: 5 Pi sins conſidered, becauſe they haue relation to ſomo ſtrange Witten us bun be⸗ 
tis Ceela fozebanpoitettenthete coumtreps, dor all fufficiently argue eye tmbauibtenttte of her Maiellie: 
hy meg al : Fopafiary as no other ation betun ee zaun Cheonicles thep ran dude, mate ppef b 
d earn all his 5 ? elues 
veterlp Gubucrtiny ? time fopchem 
f ſuch vlurping ty 
whole derealehis 
d, the other ofthe 
ir Father, epthn : 
nperour, no "ie „ ö Ye» 
and zeale puttfuen I | b they itt diltouered byon at coat from the height of 6: Reow, 
deſttopyed all ther a Der 0 5 deb Mol, ee Mia” 
beton, and ther And rhie map land fox another title to her Patelty: but aup of the foꝛeſapd titles is as much 
N Bo eanve chen any ochet Ciptttian 9 yince can pretend to the Indies befone uch time as they h 
rius Scholatticus, actuall po Tion thereof, obtained by the diſcouery of hriſtopher Columbus, and the conqueſt 
ples ol the wozthy of VafquesNunnés de Balboa, Hernando Cortes, Franciſeo Pizarro, and others, Andtherekoze 
deut ene Achinke it ntepleſle to write ANP moze touching the lawfulnelle of her Mateſttes title. i 
all uo a. cae a „ RE 
gs ol Spaine any The fourth chapter fheweth how that the trade, traffike, and planting inthote countreys; is 
is booke, Perrin 7 likelpto proue very profitable to the whole realme in generaſʃ lt. 
that J haue bene V rts f ö i f 
femme to be ſcatte 
0 theſe examples a ft etwell oft 
atifhie himnfelfein oe offence in martball matter and maner, tthe tae 
cee tude ofthis. matters and marinets,veapy co allilt 
eir Countries. 1 


N ma 8 wean Raely and copalt nav other oBaietly 
H which dy realon or this boyage thatt haue both increaſe and maintenance. And it is well hither’ 

5 tt nfanpoplareso usreabne hips nem ves, foꝛ the trade 

infronelp. s pet noctuichſtanding the liſh which is taten and brought into England by the ‘Cox the ma 
Chitty nauy of fithermen, will not lultice fox the crpente ofthis reaime foltte moneths, irthere deer. 

were none els brought of trangers, And the chiefeũ cau 


excellent Maie. 
zod are meant to 


n ee e ede Engli method ag 
5 kure MMeſterly as the eſpecia ing places dae lie, N plentp and grea of fifh, is fo 
geber MPaietties that they haue no ſuccour and knowen lake harbour in tholt parts. Burifout nation were once 
Dighnetle anctent Planted theve,o2 necre thereabouts ; whereas thepnow ft) but fo2 two moneths in the yeere th 
age, lineally def itighethen fig fo tong aa peace chemfel zue retber chetr comming kus duch piep 
nech, departing rey taken. lalted, and dried; AS might be fitticient tokraugtt them home without ton 
ind 12 oe God granting that fate max be found there) on Ingram ‘(wbd thauellevy 
N certa yt : : cd 
people 


1 48 


174, The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, Weſterne planting, 


4 
Countreps as aforefapd) fapth that there is great plenty: and withall the climate doth giue great We : 
bope, that though there were none naturally growing, tt it migbt as tell be made there by art, by them 
as it is both at Roc hel and Bayon, oꝭ elſewbere. ibich being bꝛeughe to palle, thall increaſe fhall be o 
the number ol our (hippes and mariners, were it but in reſpect of lilbing oneiy: but much moe And pet n 
in regard ol the ſundyy merchandizes and commodities which are there found, and bap in green the other. 
abundance, i And fit 
Mopeouer, it is well knowen that all Danages,aCweil hoferbat dwell in the Doueb, as ehole dlimate, u 
that dwell in the s2opth, fo foone as they ſhall begin but a little to tate of ctutlitp, will cake mars and there 
uelous delight in any garment, be it neuer fo ſmple; as a ſhirt, a blew, pellow, red, o greene col · loꝛds of th 
ten callocke, a cap, oꝭ (uch like, and will take incredible paines fop ſuch a triſle. a 1 mn the veg 
Ctothiers. 02 Imp ſelke haue heard this repoꝛt made fundgy times by dluers of our coumtreymen, who Alland tt 
Abe bak Dwele in the Boutberly parts of the Weft Indies, ſme twelue peeres together, andfomgot a and the vei 
Synmers. leſſe time; that the people in thoſe parts are calilp reduced to cinility both in maners and gar ⸗ like, koꝛ fu 
Tale ments. Tibich being lo, what vent fop our Englich tlothes will thereby enſue, anu how grent be vnderſland 
Sar. net to all (uch perſons and artilicers, whole names are quoted in the margent, J do leaue to the fttzhen Imp! 
Diapers, ud / ment of (uch as are dilertet. ., ſhall con 
J And queſtionleſſe, heere vy it will alſo come to palſe, tbat all (uch tapvnes and villages as both belt agree u 
anbinanpoes haue beene, and now are vtrerlp detayed and ruinaten (the poope people ihercot being not ſeto n bp the defer 
pad. Moke, by reaſon of the tran(poptation of raw wooll of late dayts moje exceſſiuelythen in times in very mat 
. pat) thal bp this meanes be reftopedto their pꝛiſlinate wealth and ellate: all which doe likewie | flowles both 
tend to the inlargement of our naup, and maintenance of our nauigation. And ſoz l 
To what end need Jendeuout my ſelle by arguments to prouechat by tbis voyage out naue nies, Badge 
and nau gatton Hhalbeinlargen, when as there needeth none other reafon then the maniteſt o lune bauking the 
erample ol che neere neighbours to this realme, the kings ol Spaine and Portugal, who ſinceſe! zants, Parti 
Girt diſcouerp ol the Indies, haue not onelp mightily inlarged ihtir dominions, greatly intith o ol bealt mut 
themſelues ant heir ſubiects: but haue allo by tut account treblen the number oltheir ſpipper, countreymat 
mallers and mariners, a matter of no (mall moment and importance : the pꝛelen ce. 
Ege idle per · BWelives this it will piooue agenerall benefit vnto our countrep that through this oceaſtou u one cottage a 
realm galt oneiy a great numbur of men which donot live idlely at home, and are burthenous, chargeabit, koptie Milling 
Broccadon E unpzofttable to this realme, ſpall hereby be fet on woꝛke, but allo chlldzen of twelue oꝛ foürteme > fuppofing itt 
ber due uus. pecresofage,crbnoer , may bee kept from idleneſle, in making ofa tbotiſand kindes of trifling B which 3 omit 
ure set chings, which wil be good me tse fopebat cumtrep. And mopeouer, our idle women( wich grapes as big 
1 the Realme map well ſpare) ſy alfo be imploped on plucking, drying, and ſoptimg of feathers, there be diuer 
ee ee above things right un / ed Maiz, Pc 
Yempedorty bellarp foꝭ dying. All which things are to be konnd in countreps mol. Nentifilly, And ie as they are on 
nurghesriner men map implop themſelues in wagging for pearle, woophing for mines, and in macters ofhu .: And now! 
naturatp, handzp, and libewiſe in hunting the Uihale for Crane, and making caſtoæs to put the ſame ine - well dilpoſed 
Alves in fiching fo2 cod, Caimon, and berting, dzping ſalting and barrelling the dame and felling of action, J will 
tetes, hewing and ſawing of then, and ſuch like wopke, mecte loz thole perlons that are nonin within the deg 
See mp ber found to the great reltefe lopments of no nota ge 
Wanp other things ve Cound to che great reliefe and good cmploytnents ofnofinal o (mall peri 
number of che naturell Subieces o this Realme, which doe now line here idlelp to che cosunon | Eaftland. All 
Meadthebe annop ok the whole fate. either map J here omit chegreat hoe and iibelyhood of a paſlage bes ktomthence wi 
Fol fen Pond the Grand Bay into the South Seas, conürmed hy lundzy auchours to be found leading te > not altogether’ 
lad Bien roy. Cataia, the Moluccas and Spiceties, whereby may enue as gtneralla benefice to the Realne, ted and trattell 
Weder d) grrater then pet bath bene ſpaken ok, without ſuch charges, oz other inconueniences, kullowing, nan 
America, aah te eno tritt ol tine and perill, which the oꝛdinarp pallageto thele parts at this bop W ee 

doeih minifer, a ‘ig arterns. 

And to conclude this argument withall it is well knowen to all men of Cound fudgement, thes Beauers, 
this voyage is olgreater impoztante, and will be founn moze beneficial to our countrep, chenalt Foxes, black 

other voyages at this day in vle and trade amongſt vs. Leopards. 
The fife chapter fheweth, that the trading and planting in thofecountreisis likely to bean, Of 
pote patina profit 2 ane 5 15 ate Silke worme 
Sere Of 2 

fan Let Pull nowy accopding to mp promife thetv foopth ſome probable reafons that the aducns Hawkes, 

. A a turers in this tourncy are to take particular profit bp thefame, Fe is therefoze conuce oe 
bit OSS urlewes, 


ay nient that A dos diuide the aduenturers into two (opts zthe noblemen one 


SL, 


1e planting, | 
te doth giue great 


nade there by art, 
Me , ball increaſt 
but much moje 
and han in great 
e Dourh, es thoſe 
v, Will take mars 
red, oz greene cots 


untreymen, who 


ether, and ſomeo 


Wefterne planting. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


by themſelues, and the Merchants bp theniſelues. Fos, as Idoe heare, it is meant 

i agen foctetie of the Noblemen and Gentlemen, and another focictie of the 8 
And pet not fo diuided, but that eche foctetp may kreelp and frankelp trade and traffigue one with 
the other. 

. And firtt to bend mp ſpeech to the noblemen and gentlemen, who doe chiellp fecke a temperate 
climate, wholeſonie apze, fertile ſoile, and a ſtrong place by nature whereupon they may kogtilie, 
and there either plant themſelues, 02 uch other perfons as they ſhall thinke good to lend to bee 
lozos ol that place and countrey:to them Iſap, that all theſe things are very eaſie to he found with⸗ 
u the degrees of 30 and 60 afozeſaid, either by South op Month, both in the Continent, and in 
lands thereunto adiopning at their choile : but the degree certaineokthe eleuation ok the pole, 


7 


and the very climate where theſe places of foꝛte and fertility are to be found, J omit to make pub⸗ 
like, foꝛ ſuch regard as the wiler fot can eaſilp contecture: the rather becaule TF doe certainly 
vnderſtand that ſome of thofe which haue the managing of this matter, knowe it as well 02 better 
| ther Imp ſelke, and do meane to reueale the lame, when caule ſhall regutre, to ſuchperlons whom 
tt ſhall concerne, and to no other: fo that they map feat eſettle themlelues 

d billages as bot) 


maners end gare a 
anvhow great te | 
, Ado leaue to e 14 


0 c in uch climate as ſhall 

beſt agree with their owne nature, diſpoſition, and Koon liking: and in the whole tract of that land, 
k being not ſet un by Srp an place ors a dent aer leder mel act and 
relptbemincimes — in very many places, both ſtones of price, pearle and cheitall, and great ſtoge of beats, birds, aud 
biber ine! lotalen both fo» plealure and necellarp ple of man are ta be Foran 


And fo2 ſuch as take delight in hunting, there are Otagges, Cio 


4 |! e bones, Fores Hates. Cun · Be w 
bopage our naue nies, Badgers, Otters, and diuters other ſuch like fo pleature, Alſo fo) Gach as burr delight in Peature, 
hemantfctt o lun bhauking, there are haukes of bnd kinds ano great oye of game, both for land and riuer, as e⸗ 
all, who ſinte e! ebend TCDA benz s nes, Ducks bol uch übe. heren alſo a kinde 
greatip intich ol beat much bigger then an Dre, whole bideis moze then eighteene foote of which Corea 
OF thet ſbipyen, councrepman of ours, one Walker a feaman, who was ontbat coat, vin for attuetb report in 

the pꝛeleu ce of diners honourable and woꝛchiprull bared that he and his company did finde in 
bis oceaſton um one cottage aboue ttuo hundzed and foztie hides, w ich they brought amap and ſolde in Ftance fo 
dur, chargeabie,  Foptic ſhillings an hide: and with this agreeth Daui Ingram, an vetéciberh that beat at large, Hines tome 
elue oz fourteene Tuppofing it to be a certaine kinde of Bu 3 there are lltkewule beats and fowles of diuers kinds, fos forrp tit 


hinves of trifing wuſch Houle fop bpeuities fake great dope of fch bothün thea 
le cb 


b. mans chumbe, and the mot delicate win oy be Nanette Cet plete of ee 

4 es as bigge as 4 1 eof the alme tree, of whi 
tag ut — 4 45 be diuers of good credit in this realme that haue taſted: and there is allo a kind 0 Tne ot i 
binge right ne ] Led Maiz, Pocatorootes, ant fundyp other krutts naturally Owing theres Co that after luchtime tine, 
tifullp, And ie as they are onre ſetled, they ſhall neede to take no great care fop bictuall 
n matters ofhu . And nom fan the better contentation and latiſtaction of ſuch wonchipkull, Bonet minded and 
ehe lune mbt. well vilpolen Merchants, as hatte avetice to che lurtherance of euery goad and commendable 
meandfellingof action, J will Get fay vnto them, 48 J haue done before to the Roblemen and Gentlemen that 

ate no m within the degrees abouelade, ts doubtleſle to bee found che molt wholelone and beſt tempera · 

ture of ape fertilitie of fople, and cuerp other commoditie oꝛ merchandtze, forthe whicb, with 
ents ono m uo Umall perill we doe traueli into Barbary, S aine, Portugal, France, Italie, Mofcouie and 
pto the commun Eaſtland. All which may be either pꝛeſenely had, oz at che ran wile inverp pot time pocuren 
dol apaſlage te: kromtbence with leſle danger then now we baue them, And pet to the ende argument ſhall 
bnd les nut altogerber amopronlikellhvods auvppeſiunptlons, Iſay chat fuch pertons as haue dilcoue⸗ 
to the Reale, ren and krattellev tholẽ parets, doe teltilie that they haue founn in thole countryes all thele things 
inconueniences, e ge 1 30 
: Cafes u.. erons. mon, 
ats at this bep Marterns, Parttidges Seales, 

Beauers, anes, Herrings, 
tenet Foxes, blacke and white, Mallards, 0% . : 
5 Leopards, Wilde geefe, Palme trees yeelding ſweet 

: . Stocke dooues, wines. 5 

likely to proue ( Silke wormes great& large Blake bicds, nee „ f 
5 0 ‘ Of Birds. artots. || Safafras, 

| Hawkes, "| Pengwins, | Oake. 

eee Bitters. Of Fives, if Elme, 
Curlewes, d 


10 ; e. Popler, 0 
N Ad lung pather ange Crees, bo hn bnknotwen, 


7 2 


176 The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, We/terne planting, 


Grapes very large, 


Of fruites. 


Muskemellons, 

Limons, 

Dates great. 

Orrenges, 

Figges, 

9 — 

Raiſins great and 

ſmall. 

Pepper. 

Ahnonds, 
LCitrons. 


—ͤ——ꝓ Ä —— — —ꝶä—ä 


Of Mettals, Chriltall, 
ne 5 Sundry other common 
=i dities of all forts. 
Cop er. : 
Lead, Roſen. 
Tinne. Pitch. 
Of Stones, Tarre. 
Turkeis. Turpentine. 
Rubies. Frankincenſe. 
Pearls great & faire, | Honny. 
Maible, of diuers { Waxe, 
kindes. Rubarbe. 
Iaſpen | OyleOLue, 


Traine oyle, 


Muske codde, 
Salt. 


Tallow. 
Hides. 


of diuers ſorts. 
Feathers of ſundtie 
forts, as for plea. 
fure and filling of 
Feathetbeds. 


tended ſupply will glue vs moze certaine allurance) A doe finde no caule to the contraty, but that 


all well minded perfons ſhould be willing to aduencure Come competent poption ko; the kurthe⸗ N 1 


rance of fo good an ente: pꝛiſe. 

Now for the triall hereof, conlidering that in the articles ok the ſocletie of the aduenturerg in 
this voyage, there is pꝛouiſton made, that no aduenturer ſhall be bound to any further charge then 
his firk aduenture: and pet notwithſtanding keepe Mill to himſelfe his chilozen, his epprentifes an 
ſeruants, his and their freedome for trade and traffique, which is apziuiledge that aduentureie in 
other voyages haue not: and in the laid articles it is like wiſe pꝛouided, that none other then {uch 


as haue aduentured in the firſt voyage, oz thal become adudturers in this ſupplp, at any time here . : 
after are to be admitted in the fato lotietp, hut as repemptionartes, whith will be very chargeable: 
erally q fap vnto all ſuch accopding to the old pꝛouerbe, Nothing venture, nothing 


therefore 


haue. Foß ff it do fo fall out,accopbing to the great hope and expectation had, (as bp Gods gratelt 
will) the gaine which now they reape by traffique into other karre countries, ſhal by this trader 
turne with lelle charge, greater gaine, and moze lakety: L elle charge, J lay, by reafon ofthe aniple 
and large deeye riuers at the very banke, whereof there are many, whereby both ealilp and quie 
they map tranſpoꝛt from the innermoſt parts of the main land, all kindof merchandize, pea in vil 
ſels of great burden, and that thꝛee times, oꝛ twiſe in the pere at the lealt. But let vs omit all pre 
ſumptions how vehement ſoeuer, and dwel vpon the certainty of luehcommodities as were dilc 


Commodities 
found in Au⸗ 
gult laſt. 


uered bp S.Humfrey Gilbert, his affittants in Newfound land in Auguſt laſt. Foz there map be 
verp ealily made Pitch, Carre, Roſen, Dope aſhes, in great plenty, pea, as it is thought, inough to 
ſerue the whole realme of euery of thele kindes: And ol Craine ople ſuch quantity, as if J ſhoulb 


{et downe the value that they dee eſteeme it at, which haue bene there it would ſeeme incredible. 

It is hereby intended, that thele commodit les in this abundant maner, are not to begathertd 
from thence, without planting and letling there. And as fo other things of moze value, and thet 
of moze forts and kindes then one oz two (which were like wiſe vilcouered there) J woe holde 
them koꝛ lome reſperts moꝛe meete foz a time to be concealed then vttered. i 

Okthe ithing J doe fpeake nothing, beraule it is generally knowen: and it is not to be foꝛgot⸗ 
ten, what trilles they be that the Bauages dor require in exchange of theſe commodities: pea fn 
pearle, golde, ſiluer, and precious ſtones. All which are matters in trade and traffique of great m 
ment. But admit that it ſhould fo fall out, that the aboue ſpeciſled commonities ſhall not happily 
be found out within this Girt yeere: Pet it is verytleere that ſuch and ſo mann may be found dit 
as ſhall miniſter iuſt occaſion to thinke all coſt and labour well beſtowed. Foz it is verytertaine, 
that there is one feat fit for fortification, of great ſatety, wherein thele commodities following, 
eſpeciallp are to be had, that is to fap, Grapes for wine, IMpales fo2 oyle, hempe fop cordage, and 
other netellarp things, and lich of karre greater file and plentp, then that ol Newfound land, and 
of all theſe fo great ſtoꝛe, as may {uffice to ſerue dur whole realme. 


Belides all this. if credit map be given to the inhabitants of the fame ſolle, a certaine riuer dor) FF 
thereunto adiopne, which leadeth to a place abounding with rich ſubſtance: J doe not herebꝰ 
meane the paſſage to the Moluccaes, wyereol before q made mention. 8 


And it is not to be omitted, how that about two peeres paſt, certaine merchants of S. Malo 
in France, did hyze a ſhip out of the Illand ok Ierfey, to the ende that they would keepe that trade 
fecret from their Countreymen, and they would admit no mariner, other then the ſhip boy belon 
ging to the layd ſhip, to goe with them, which ſhippe was about 70, tunne, I doe know the ſipre 


and 


a 
1 
bi 
1 a, 
. 
és 


and fecine that for inal cofts,the tructh or heſe tbings map be onderftood (whereokthis . a 


We 
and the! 
heneficte 
To ce 

fop ataſt. 
better ty 
of any m 
Liking ok 
in this cre 


The fix 
the 


Dm 

conn 

Fall out in 
terpꝛiſe wi 
Firſt an 

of our Spay 
neſſe to lig. 
Chypidtiame) 
ties thepca 
Chziſtianit) 
But heer 
example of t 
Emperozs, 
for further ar 
doe youthin 
is worthy of 
ſengers ol G 
their earthly 
ſhall receiuet 
anp indifferer 
ſhall depart u 
their land to ſ 
made then to 
map peeld mo 
iuſt cauſe of co 
create land, to 
Blur this is 
the knowledge 

to honeſt man 
wealth, and wit 
ſlandeththem n 
mung neigbbozs 
ly this meanes 
the facréficer, a 
berctofoze vſed 
not that J doe fe 


The ſeuenth! 
ficultie, as 


Ow theref 
the ayde of 
fons,who wil nei 
to the letting ko 
ſeeme mountaine 
iudifferently affe 
e oz Cuffe 


PP 
Sait i 


— 


ö planting, 


oyle, 
2000 ö 


le 
° 


nello & dies 
vers forts. 

rs of ſundtie 
as for plea. 
and filling of 
hetbeds. 


whereok this n 
ut th⸗ . 
ntratp, but that ie Tie anvcuiely rach 


n fog the furtlyes 


e aduenturers in 
ther charge then 
s oppecnatifes and 
AC abuenturersin 


eother then luch 
at any time here / 


very chargeable: 


ſenture, nothing 


bp Gods gretelt 
lbp this trader 
fon of the aniple 


ealilp and quiely & 


ndize, pea in bels 
t vs omit all pe 
es as were Difco 
Foz there map be 
ought, inough to 
itp as if A ſhould 
eme incredible. 
ot to begathertd 
je value, and chat 
e) A woe holde 


not to be foꝛgot⸗ 
nodities: pe fi 
ique of great m 
ſhall not happily 
. 
is very certaine, 
ities following, 
ko cozdage, and 
found land, and 


taine riuer doth 


ok our Spauiour Jefus Ch 


J doe not hetebß 


ants of S. Malo 
heepe thet trade 
e ſhip bop belons 
know the ou 
ati 


and the bop very well, and am familiarly acquainted with the owner, 
beneficial, 


To concluve,this which in alreayp fay, may futice an 


The fixe Chapter fheweth that the traffique and plantin 


Dioto theend it map aypeare thar this vopage is not vnde 
N connmonitp of out feiues ano our councep( ag general paket altogether fo 


fall out in paoofe , that the Dauages (hall here by haue ust 
terppife was vndertaken. 

pect of the mol happy and gladſome tidings of the moll 
nelle to light, from the bie way of death to the path ok life, fupertitious idolatrie to fincere 
And if in reſpect of all the commodi⸗ 
uld but receiue this onely benefit of 


el mutt b 
example ofthe Apoles puto whom although Resu te freely pꝛeached, foꝛ fuck was the 


10471 175 things which they 
. „ equal iudgement of 
aup indifferent perſon, the benefits which thep then receiue, ſhal { 

Shall depart withall vnto vs. And admit thar they bad (as de bunte pe e e 


es and compan es to a 
kunt ee toitbal thalbe caugshe mechanicall occupations, wen an er gamete Common 


which voyage pꝛooued very 


man ok re 
fop ataſte, vntill fuch time as it hall pleaſe almighty Boneh afonable ditpofition to ſerue 


ö ougb our owneindultrie 
better tpoings, An the meane leaſon, l any man well allecked to this tourney, ball Cinta — 


anpm 5 ehimlelfe with the lud 
Liking of fuch ot goon calling and credite, as are Principall dealers herein. Foyt is noc necelare 


in thoſe l 
the Sauagesthemfelues very beneficial and geinefull, b euntties Chall be vate 


Glorious Goſpel 
(hood to truech,trom dark⸗ 


Wofterne planting. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. | 


: ates, and liberall ſciences: i 

e 1 0 ec ising 125 ok their epaannicall ano boop he cat 
nite number of their li U bartl 

by this meanes manp of their poope innocent chiloren Dall be efeeuen rie an nese u 


git ok God and man, now and euer 
amongſt them. Dany other things could ere all | 
not that Foe feare lett J hate aleeaop moveehen bate teoejereane oS mut; rt 


Thefeuenth Chapter fheweth that th: pianting there. a 
ficultie,as many would make itſeeme to de ee charge or dif- 


(ops dagge, whi 8, that be very well 
. 5 neit 
(elfe,no2 luffer the pooze hungry alieto keede theres 8 | ch neither rie e 


9 25 Flay 


aayreteruen From the bloody knife of dre gainers, 


178 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Meſterne planting. 


fay and affirme that God hath pꝛouided ſuch meanes fop the furtherance of this enterpꝛi e as 

a ah vs in Read of great treafure: fop fir by realon that it bath plealed God ol his great a bt 
goodnelſe, ot long time to hold his merciful hand ouct this realine, in preferutug the people of the ’ Ath 

fame, both from llaughter by the word, and great death bp plague, peſtilence, cz other wile, there a pore 
are at this day great munbers (God he knoweth) which live in Cuch permite ¢ want, as they could Cubs} 
be contented to hazard their liue s, and to ſerue one peeve for meat, dꝛinte ann appat eil onlp, with · — ut 
out wages, in hope thereby to amend their eſtates : which is a matter in ſuch like iournepes, of no be 1500,¢ 
final charge to the prince, Mozeouer, things in the like iournpes of greateſt ppice and colt, as vies 5 Du 
tuall (whereof there is great plentie to be had in that tountrey without money and powder, great 


4 wate gen 
artillerp,op cop lets art not net de full in ſo plentifull and chargeable maner, as the thew of ſuch 9 
a 4 — pꝛeſent: ko; aſmali quantitie of all theſe, to lurniſh the Fozt only, will ſufl ce vn: | poy fo 
till ſuch time as Diuers commodities map be found out in thole parts, which map be thought will 1 bis whol 


worthy a greater charge. Alſo the peculiat benefit ok archers which God hath ble lled this land Liket 


tall before all other nations, will Rand vs in great Read amongſt thofe naked people. 5 
e a haue alfo, which in ſuch like caſes is a matter of marueilous coft,and will be 4 — 
in this iourney pꝛocured very eallly (that is to ſay) To tranſpoꝛt peerelp aſwell our people, as al! den ponte 
other neceſlaries needkull for them into thofe parts by the flece ol meechantg,that peere ly venture eto ; 
for lich in Newfound land, being not karre diftant from the countrey meant to be inhabited, u ho nan they & 
commonly goe with emptie vellelsincffree, lauing Come litle Fraight with fale, And tl. it y- H ftinth.o1 
peareth that the louldters wages, and the cran{pcatation may be defrayed fuz fatre leſle ſummes FP mon elp 
of monty then the detractors of this enterppife haue giuen out. Againe, this intended voyage 1 Andin 
conquelt, hath in like maner many other fingular pꝛiuledges wherewith God hath, as it were, (eellion, Fre 
with bis holy hand blelled che ſame before all others. Foz alter once we are ve parted the toaſt uk © ing all thy 
England, wee map palle ſtraight wap thither, without danger of being datuicn into any the coun conquetto 
tries of our enemited, op doubtfull friends : fop commonly one winde ſerueih to bring ve thithet, bw paſſe an 


which felpome Fatleth From the middle ol Januatię to the middle of May, a benefice which ihe m / ſro wich w 
riners make great acccunt of fo) it is aplealure ihatther baue in ke w op none bother dournenete. tte number 


Allo the palace is ſhoꝛt, foʒ we map goe thither in thirtie oz foptie dayes at the moſt, hauing but woullke kit 
a e nme : and teturne * thornty 02 foure and twentie dapes at the miu. our Lore 
And in the lame ouriourney, bp realon it is dhibe Ocean, and quite out of the way krom the inet: tiere wer be 
courte of other countreyes, we map Cafelp trade and traffique without peril of piracy: neither (ball Fered vnto 
our chips, people, oz goods there. be fubiect to arteſ oꝛ moleſtation of any Pagan potentate, Cu woda b. 
kiſh tyzant, pea, oꝛ Chꝛiſtian prince, which heretoloze ſometimes vpon lender octallon in ether dte ſapd put 
parts haue ſtayed our chips and merchandtzes, whereby great numbers ol our countreymen haue D  Pyzarroge: 
bene vtterly vndone, divers put to ranſome, pea, and ſome lolt their lues : athing fofreth(atuy to bulnging 
moꝛie as it needeth no pꝛoofe, and iswell woꝛthy of tonſiderat ion. : of Quito, Pa 

Beſldes in this voyage we doe not croſle che burnt line whereby commonly both beuerage mm wuniters doe 
victuall are coꝛrupted, and mens health very much impapꝛed, neither doe we patle the frozen (cag, asthe laid he 


which ye elde ſundzy extreme dangers: but haue a temperate climate at all times of che peere, tu | common 
ferue pa turnes. And laſtip, there needeno delayes by the wap oz taking in of kreſb water uw o raile bee 
fewell, (a thing vſually done in long iournies) becauſe, as J ſayd abone, che vopage is not long, > chowen: wi 


and the krech waters taken in thete,our men here in England at their return home haut fount He parrition of tl 
whollome and ſweete . ihat they baue made cholſe to dꝛinte it beloze dur beere and ale. tomming ton 

Vehold here good countreymen, the manikolv beneßts, commodltles and pleafuresbeete ies fk part, a 
fore unknowen, by Gods efpeciall blefling not onelpreueiled vnte vs, but allo as it were infulrn bt 132425. p. 
into our boſomes, who though hitherto like doꝛ mice haue llumbered tnignozance thereok, being riches neuer b 
like the cats that are loth for iber prep to wet their feet: pet if now therekoze at the lall we would Emperdur fo 


awake, and with willing minves (ſet ting kriudlous imaginations alide) become induftriousin⸗ RE walght. and to 


Hruments to our ſelues, queſtionleſle we ſhould not only hereby let koch the gloyx ol our heauenlp uery ſouldour 
father, but allo ealilp attaine to the end o all good purpoles that may be withen od delired. fome 30000, 

And map it nut much encourage vs to hope fo good ſutcelle in che countrep of thele Srauages, an ceiling, act 
being a naked kinde of people, voyde of the knowledge of the viſcipline of warre, ſeeing that ano Francis Piz. 
ble man, being but a ſubiect in this realme ( in che time of our king Henry the (econd) bp name then anvof the 
Strangbow, then earle of Chepſtow in South Tales , by bimſelfe and bis allies and allittants, which waighed 
at their owne proper charges palledouer into Ireland, and there made tonqueſt of the nom com inal a tüm, an 
trex, and then kingdome ol Lyneſter. at which time it was very populous and ſtrong, which Vi hoꝛſes. ſame vun 


orp our otune chronicles do witneſſe : And why ſhould we be ved moe then were ihe Spe 


f ett Indies, v 
nparos, who haue bene able within theſe kew peeres to conquer, poſſeſſe and "| Corbis 


w 
ö planting. 


us enterpzt ea 
Bod of his great 
the people of tie 
ther wile, there 
nt, as the y coulo 
teil onlp, with 
iournepes, of no 
aud colt, as vic⸗ 
powder, great 
the thew of ſuch 
will ſuſlice vn: 
be thought will 


bleſled thus land 


veople. 
coſt, and will be 
ur people, as all 
peerely venture 
inhabited, v bo 
And tl. tt aye 
re leſle ſummes 
ended voyage fo 
ath , as it were, 
ted the coatt ol 
to any the couns 
ning ve thither, 
e which the mar 
ther iourneyes, 
wl, bauing but 
apes at the mol. 
from the incers 
ey neither (hall 
potentate, Tur. 
ccallon in ie 
untreymen bane 
iy fo kreſh lu tue 


th beuerage un 
the krozen lem, 
gol the peere, tu 
kreſh water any 
page is not long, 
ne haue found fo 
ale. 

leafures hereto: 
f it were infulrn 
etheteof, being 
he lall we would 
e indultrious {ns 
ol our heauenly 
deſited. 

thefe Sauages, 
ſeeing that ano 
cond) by nanu 
8 and alſiſtanta, 
the nom coun 
ong, which Wir 
n were the Sper 
po targeacract 


of 


Ra Mee eS a) 


— — 


8 ͤ ũmns:ꝛ:;ꝛ 5 
Wefterne planting, Tratfiques and Diſcoueries. n 


— eee 
ol che earth, la the Melt Indtes, as ig betwecne the two tropt 5 api 

Not onelp in the maine firme land of Americ a, which 18 4 1 6 —.— (T Sout a 
$207, and both containe 2820, Englich miles at the teatt that the king of Spa . 
actuall pollellion, belles Manp goodly and rich Iſlands, as Hifpaniola 4 
Cuba, lamaica, and diuers other, which are both beautifull and tull of tr 


wate gentleman e Spaine, who with the number of 70. Dpantarog at Taching ee 22 8772 


| birj (ol. ot 
Ditto that mighty king C hemacchus, hauing an armie of an hund ed Caner. peli eat THe, 


; 8 and 
the fad Vafques Nunnes not long after, with his final number, did put to date hing Chapes ano ‘ 
i” Mit, 
Likewiſe Hernando Cortes being alfo but a pꝛiuate gentt i 1 
tleman of A 
ture from the J ſlands of Cuba and Acuz amil, and enteing ten the hed | be : — pie benden 5 
Mol victo nous ¢ trtumphant conqueſts, as that at Cyntla, where bein 12 iets 


accompant ns 
then zoo. Spaniſh footmen,thirtecne hoꝛſemen and fire pieces of Dpoinance 10 1 3 


rds, tooke pritoner that Corquen of 


ous titit of Mexico, which at that in- bite lo, * 


not onely the gutet polleſſion of the laid citie, but allo ok his e eee ee 


Spame hath Now in actuall po: 


to pale and atchieued in the Tambo of Caxamalcea, (which is 
{co with walles) in which place he tooke the great and — 1 Atabal Sagi 
the number of 6ocoo, Indians bis Cubiects, which were cuer befope that d 


and ſiluer veTels as they then bl » Cuen as high as a man m f 
the fapo prince tauled the fame hall to be marker ines about at e ee f 
Pyzarro grantevto accept. And after, when asthis mighty pince had fene tobis ballals fut vi 
to bung in gold and llluer koꝛ the filling of che ball,asafozetaid,as namelx to the cities 1 
ol Quito, Paciacama and Cuſco, as allo to the Ca ao of Lima in which towne 02 townes 
wpiters doe alfirme, theyfound alarge and fatre houſe, all lat; and cou a briny 
aa the (aio hall was not pet a quarter ful a mutinie arole among the Spanparde, in which 

commonly gtuen ont, that the Caio prince had politikelp offered this fone under was 
to raiſe a murh moze mightie power, wherebpthe Spanpards would be taken, rpꝛetence 
pe aire ‘ kdegube 19 ag ° this reſolution, ta put the ſay 

| ter already bꝛought in, whi 
FON to make perfect Inuentozie of the 7 2905 ei Athen dennen, ae 


5 lift part, as otherwile, there was found to be already bꝛought in into the ſayd ha 


Emperour for his fife part of golde 3656 25ipe 

308, and foz his fife 

poe i es lias 17 thouſand pesos of — 5 5 ord 9 

1 4770. pesos of gold, and 280. pound waight offiluer. ine 

lome 30000, ſome 20000, peʒos of gold and ſiluer W een 

—— tbe tate —— vpon —— e Se 855 
tancis Plxarro as t eir generall, according to d i l 

then any ofthe reit ouer and befines the male table ot — 2 cee dna re 

rat toaighen 25000, pesos of gold: neuer were there hofore chat dap forivicns 

malls tine, and with lo litte banger, And in this i 5 


queſt of Peru tomope at large ſetfoꝛth. 
Wels which the princes of Portugal! 2 
made 


180 TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, Meſterne planting. 


made roui d about the Tett, the Souch, and the Cal parts of Aftica, and alfo at Calicut, and 
in the Eaſt Indies, and in America, at Braſile and elſewhere in ſundzy I llands, in koztikping, peo: 
pling and planting all along the ſayd coaſtes and Alland, euer as they diſcouered: which being 
rightiy weped and conlider ed, dothminiſter (ult cauſe of incouragement to our Countrepmen, nut 
to account it fo hard and difficult aching fo che fubiects of this noble realme ol England to diſco⸗ 
uer, people, plant and polleſſe the like goodly lauds and rich countreys not karre from vs, but nere 
adioyning ¢ offring themſelues vnto bs (as is afoeſapd) which haue neuer pet heretofore bene in 
the actuall poſſeſſion of any other Chꝛiſtian prince, then the princes of this Nealme. All which (as 
Ithinke) ſhould not a little animate and encourage vs to looke out and aduenture abzoad, bn: 
derſtanding what large Countreys and Illands the Poztugals with their {mall number haue 
within the le few yeeres diſcouered, peopled and planted, ſome part whereof J haue thought it not 
amiſle, baiefly in particular to name both the Townes, Countreys æ J ſlands, ſo nere as J could 
bpon the luden callthem to remembꝛance: fog the ret J doe referre the Reader to the bittories, 
where moꝛe at large the lame is to be ſeene. Firſt, they did winne and conquere from the pulnces 
of Barbary the Illand of Geifera ¢ towne of Arzila,not paſt an 240. mile diſtant from their ghe⸗ 
tropolitane ¢ chiefe city of Feſſe: and after that they wonne alfo from the laid pꝛinces the townes 
of Tanger, Ceuta, Mazigam, Aramor, and Azaffi, all alongt the Sea coats. And in the peere 
ok our Loꝛd, 145 5. Alouis de Cadomoſta a Gentleman Generian, was hee that firſt dilcouered 
foz their ble Cape Verd, with the Illands adiopning, ok which he then peopled and planted thole 
of Bonauiſta and Sant lago diſcouering alſo the riuer Senega, otherwile called Niger, and Cape 
Roxo ¢ Sierra Leone, and in a few peeres after they did diſcouer the coaſtot Guinea, andthere 
peoplen and built the caltleok Mina: then diſcouered they further to the countreys ol Melegettes, 
Benin, and Congo, with the Alands of Principe, da Nobon, S. Matthewe, and S. Thomas by: 
der the E quinoctiall line, which they peoplev, and built in the fain Illand of B. Thomas the ha: 
uen towne oꝛ port ot Pauoſan. After that, about the prere of our Lov, 1494. one Bartholomew 
Dias was ſent fooꝛth, who was the firſt man that diſcouered and doubled that great and large 
Cape called de Bon Efperanze, ¢ palling the currents that run vpon the laid coat on the Southe 
ealt part of Aftica, between the latd maine land e the Bland of S. Laurence, otherwile called of 
the ancients, Madagaſcar, he diſcouered top harboꝛ named the Niuer of f Infant. After that ſinte 
the peere of our Loyd God, 1497. and before the ful accomplithment of the peere ol Chziſt, 15 10, 
thꝛough the trauailes and dilcoueries ol Vafques de Gama, peter Aluares, Thomas Lopes, An- 
dre Corſale, lohn de Empoli, Peter Sintra, Sancho de Toat, and that noble and Worthy gentle: 
man Alonſo de Albuquerque, they did diſcouet, people, and plant at Ceffala, being vpon the Eat 


Krdis beigen of O. Laurence (at which pozt of Ceffala, diuers doe affirme that king Salomon pip fetch his 
doe noblr and gold) as alſo vyon the laid Eaſt fives’ Lica, they did afterward difcouer, people, and plant at 
8 wit ng Salon Mozambique,Quiola,Monbaza and Melinde, two degrees of Southerly latitude, and ſo vp to 
daa aud tb the ſtreight of Babel-Mandell at the entring of the red ſea, all vpon the Catt coattof Aftica,from 
me whence they put off at the Cape of Guarda Fu, and paſt the great gulfe of Arabia, and the Indian 
Sea Caſt to Sinus Perſicus, and the Alland ok Ormus, and ſo patting the large and great riuer 
Indus, where he hath bis fall into the maine Ocean, in 23. degrees and an halfe, vnder the tropike 
of Canter, ot Sepeencrional latitude, they made their courte againe directly towards the Scuth, 
and began to diſcouer, people, and plant vpon the Ilieſt five of the hither India at Goa, Manga 

lor, Cananor, Calecut ànd Coc hin, and the Iſland of Zeilam. 
And here J thinke good to remember to pou, that after their planting vpon this coat, their 
forces grew fo great that they were able to tompell all the Boones, the lubiectes o the mightie 
Emperour of the Curkes to pay tribute vnto them, euer as they paſſed the gulfe of Arabia, from 

Wt the poꝛtol Mecca in Arabia Felix, wbere Mahomet lieth buried, o; any of the other pores of the 

4 4 lapd land, euer as they poſſed to and from the hauens of Cochin, Calecut and Cananor, and by 

N their martial maner of diſcipline pactifen in thole partes, the great and mightie prince the So 

N vhle Emperour ok the Perſiaus, and pꝛolelled enemie to the Turke, came to the knowledge and 

V. vleofche Caliuer thot, and to enterlace and iopne kootemen with his hozlemen, fithence which 

eo | time the Perſians haue growento that ſtrength andforce, that they haue giuen many mightie 
a and great ouertbꝛomen to the Turke to the great quiet of all Chiſtendome. 

And kromehe Alland ot Z eilam atozeĩayd, thep alſo diſcouered moe Sait in pailing the gulle 
of Bengala, and lo p len the notable and famous river of Ganges, where hee bath his fall into 
the maine Ocean, vnder the tropike of Canc er, and to the Cape of Malaca, and vnto the great 
and large Zflannp of Sumatra, Iaus maior, laua minor, Mindanao, Palobane, Celebes, aly 

1 ore, 


fie of Africa, in the twenty degrees oklatitude of the fouth Bole, and direct Wiettfromehe Zany | 


with the 
ple, is ſc 
natural 
coucctes 
larged th 
hiporent. 
tendetht 
To co 
ko the enc 
pet aſtrap 
nowmed! 
vs J fap fi 
on may be 
nipotent € 
Maleſties 
neſſe from 
and nervy p 
rant and ba 
rannicall ne 
All whic 
ding to the! 
erre bach ſa⸗ 
Mhich goo 
my deere col 
that be hatht 
he will be leſl 
chiefly and pꝛ 
niſhment of f 
Francis Piz a 
in the Catt: L 
Jeane the ſequ 
Thus tearing 
tife too mucho 


Aletter 
Chriff 


to pour otane ae 
well, Fromeh 


planting, 


at Calicut, and 


4 Maſerne planting. Traflig ues and Diſcou 


— ee, 


eries. 


3 
181 


further parts 
the world 
from England, 
i] 


ate Ie! 
hotta lands With fic 
ntleman Americus Francis Drake 


bene, where 
the fame of the 
Kcenes moſt 
excelleu 

teNte was rep 
nowmied, 


fc na 6 rel ; 2 b Ge dpi- Theſe are the 
iel o Caſt along tt the coats o at haia, ta t e poztes of China,Zairon and Quinſay, and 

fottilping peo. eile adde 41 5 a Japan, ſituate in the Ealt, in 37. degrees of Sep lati⸗ 

Ds which being tude and in igel de, Chete are their noble and weathie biſcoueries. Pere allo is 

spl i ove Lee forgotten, that in the pere of out Lo20,1 501, that farmous and woathp ge 

ngland,to difco: Vefpucius did bilcouer people, and plant to their vſe the holdes and fopts which they haue in Bra. 

om besbut neere Gill,of whom (be being but a ppiuate gentleman) the iy ole countrep 09 fem landol the Welt In. 

tetofoze bene in dies, is common p called and knowen bythe name of America. „ 

e. All which (as J doe greatly doubt leaſt I ſeeme ouer tedious in the tecitallof the particular dilcoueries and 

11 oo b 10 conquelts of the Eaſt and ce herein J was the moze 

n 
e thought it not 


Teete as A could 
to the biſtozies, 
rom the pꝛinces 
from their Me⸗ 
icesthe towneg 
And in the peere 
ſirſt dilcouered 
d planted thole 
iger, and Caye 
nea, and there 
ol Melegettes, 
D. Thomas vn⸗ 
Thomas the ha⸗ 


ny 


are 


iS ſliſtance of the ome 

3 be bur velired effect (whereol there is no tut cauſe of doubt.) Then that her 
‘Bartholomew fF Paietties deminions be enlarged, het bisbnette anctene titles tutttp confrmeb, all odicus lole⸗ 
Peat and large wee from out Realmte urrerip baniſbev, siuers decaped townes repaired, and many p 
on the South⸗ aM nekdy perſons relieuen, and eſtates of luchas now litte in want hall be emberteted, the igno⸗ 
rwiſe called of Fran arty batbarous (dolaters taughtto know Cif the innocent vetenoed from their bloodie tp: 
After that {ince > sannicail neighbours, the dlabolicall cudomo of facriticing humane Creatures abolithen, 
k Chic, 151, All which (no man doubteth) are hinge gratefull in the igbeofout Sauiour Chi, and ten: 
as Lopes, An-. ding to the honour and glozy of the Trinitie. ok good cheerethereloze, fe ee that cannot 
Worthy gentle⸗ erre hach ſayd: That before the ende of the „ d, his word ſhall bee Preached to all hatiens. 
Ippon the Eat Which good woꝛke F mre is relerued for our nation to accompli) in theſe parts: CAlherefoze 
fromthe Aland Mp deere counctepmen,be nat difinapedsfc) Fue potuer of God ts nothing biininidhen, No2 the loue 
n did fetch his that be hath to the pꝛeaching an planting of cht Goſpell anp whit Abated. Shall wee then doubt 
„ and plant at he will be leſſe ready moll migheily and miratuloudp to atti our nation in this quarell, which is 
de, and ſo vp to chiefly and principally vndertaken fo) the enlargemelt of the Chyiſtian aith abzoab, and the bac 
of Aſtica, from niſhmene ok idlenes at home, then he was to Columbus, Vaſques Nunnes, Hernando Cortes, and 
and the Indian Francis Pizarto in the Melk : and Vafquesde Sama, peter Aluares, ¢Alonfo de Albuquerque 
ND great riuer in the Call: Let vs thereloze with cheerefull minds and u. wh ure i the attempt, and 
der the tropike leaue the ſequell to altnightte God: fo; ik he be on our Parte whar fozteth it who bee againſt vs? 
ds the Scuth, Thus eating the coptettion ain teformation vnto the gentle Reader, wharloeuer isin this tres, 
t Goa, Manga ile too muchos too little, otherwile vnperkect, J take leaue, and ſo end. 
is contt, theie A letter of Sir Francis VValfingham to M. Richard Hakluyt then oF 
the mightic Chriftchurch in Oxford, incouraging Him in the ſtudy of Colinographie, 
n and of furthering new difcoueries,&c, 
nae, and bp OR Underſtand at wei bp a letter I long fre reteiurdfrom the Pato? af Bristol), ag 
rince the So: Pa) 2 bp conference with fit Geor © Pelham chat pou baue endeuouted, xgtuen much 
nomledge and 755 light kn the dilcoueryorthe efterne partes pet onknowen t ag ur ftubie in 
ithente whieh Ae Y thefe Hingsis very tömendalle, ſa à thanke Pou much fo2 the fame; 5 
many mightte AA bo continue pon 


1 benelite of this Nealme. E 
ling the gulfe well, Ftunthe Ceurt the 1. of Part 1582. i oe 
b his fall into f Tour lowing Friend. 
onto the great 5 RANCIS Waisinguan, 
lebes, Gilolo, 
Tidore, 


— auell in theſe and like mattets which are kt tame not on 
to pour omne Sood in pꝛtgate, but to the lo A bid pou fares 


ip 


let. 


1 
197 
j 
17 
i 
61.4 
ii 
4A 
‘A 


182 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. M. (hriſtopher Carlile. 


Aletter of Sir Francis VValfingham to Maſter Thomas Aldworth mer- 
chant,and at thattime Maior of the Citie of Brs/oll, concerning their ad. 
uenture in the Weſterne diſcouerie. 


y ter my heartie commendations, I haue forcertaine tauſes peferred the anfwere of 
€ 2) pour letter of ouember laſt till now, which A hope commeth all in good time. Dour 
5 cgoodinclination to the Wefterne diſtouerie J cannot but much commend, And fo 
hac fir Humfrey Gilbert, is pou haue heard long fince, hath bene preparing into thole 
parts being readie to imtbarke within theſe 10. dapes. who needeth ſome further ſupplp ol ſhip 
ping then pet he bath. J am ok opinion chat psuſhall vo well if the thip 02 2. barkes pou waite of, 
be put in a readineſſe to goe along with him oꝛ fo foone after as you map. A hope this trauell wil 
pꝛoue profitable to the Aduenturers andgenerallp beneficial to the whole realme: herein J prap 
pou conterre with thefe bearers, M. Richard Hackluyt, and M. Thomas Steuenton, to whome 3 
referre pons And fo bid pou heartily farewell. Richmond the 12. ol arch. 1582. 


Vour louing Friend. 
FRANCIS WALSINGHAM. 


A letter written from M. Thomas Aldworth merchant and Maior 
of the Citie of Briſfolli to the right honourable Sir Francis Wal/ingham prin- 


cipall Secretary to her Maieſtie cone erning a Weſterne voyage intended tor the dif. 
couery of the coatt of America, lying to the Southweſt of Cape Briton, 


Ight honourable, vpon the receit of pour letters directed vnto me and deliuered by the 
bearers hereof h. Richard Hakluytand . Steuenton, bearing datethe 11. ol March, 
I pꝛeſently conferred with my Friends in priuate, whom J know moſt affectionate to 
f this godly enterpꝛiſe, eſpetially with e h. William Salterne deputie of our company of 
merchants: whereupon inp ſelfe being as then ficke , with as conuenient ſpeede as he could, hee 
cauled an allembly of the merchants to be gathered: where after dutifull mention of pour honou⸗ 
rable diſpoſit on fo2 the bene tte of this citle, he by my appointment cauled pour letters being di: 
rected vnto me p zuatly, to be read in publike, and after forme good light giuen by M. Hakluyt vn 
to them that were ignoꝛant of the Countrep and enter pꝛiſe, and were velirous to be reſolued, the 
motion grew generally fo well to be like v, that there was eftfoones ſet downe by mens otwne 
hands then pꝛeſent, c apparently kno wei hp their oon ſpeach, and verp willing offer, the ſumme 
of 1000. markes and vpward: which ſumme ik it ſhould not Cuffice, we doubt not but otherwiſe 
to kurniſh out fog this Meſterne diſcouerp, a ſhip of chꝛeeſcoꝛe, and a barke ok 40. tunne, to bee left 
in the tountrey onder the direction and gouernment of pour ſonne in law . Carlile, otf᷑ whom we 
haue heard much good. it it hall tand with pour honoꝛs good liking and his acceptation. In ons 
of which barks we are alſo willing to haue . Steuenton pour honours meflenger, and one well 
knowen to vs, as captains, And here in humble maner, deliring pour honour to vouchlafe vs of 
pour further direction by a generall letter to my ſelfe, my bꝛethꝛen, and the reſt of the merchants 
okthis city, at pour honoꝛs belt and moſt conuenient leiſure, betauſe we meane not to veferre the 
Gall proceeding in this voyage, any further then to the end of April next comming, J ceaſe belet 
ching God long to bleſſe and pꝛolper pour honourable ellate. Briſtoll. March 27. 1583. 


A briefe and ſummary diſcourſe vpon the intended voyage to the 
hithermoſt parts of America: written by Captaine Caréile in April, 1583. lor 
the better inducement to ſatiſſie ſuch Merchants of the Moſcouian companie and o. 
thers, as in disburfing their money towards the furniture of the preſent charge, doe de- 
mand forthwitha preſent returne of gaine albeit their ſaid particular diſburſe ments are 
required but in very flenderfummes, the higheft being 23. li, the ſecond at 12. li. 10,8, 
and the loweſt at 6. pound fiue fhillings, 


ben the Goldſmith deſireth to linde che tertatne goodneſſe ok a plete of golde, 

2 5 fy which is newly offered vnto him, be pretentlp hin geth the fame to the Touch: 
done, where, bp comparing the ſhewe oz touch of this new piece with the touch 
©) W7/asi 02 hetv ofthat whichbe knowetb of old, he foogthwieh is able to iudge tbat the 
value ts ok that, which is newly olfered vnto him. After the example thereof I 
haue thought it good to make (ome briefe repetition of the particular eftate of 

maͤup 


cceapt to quar 


er the lolſe of 
reed of eheir fla 


l gol Spaine litte 


er of ou 
k bee found in our 


Ped bcthe meanes! 


Peine aad —. 


Turkie either. 
f Fuecelicie beeen 


V (arlile. 


vorth mer. 
ing their ad- 


he anfwere of 
odtime. Pour 
end, And foz 
ring into thole 
ſupplp of ſhip · 
3 pou Write of, 
his traue ll wil 
herein J pꝛay 
n, to whome 3 
582, 


NGHAM. 


nd Maior 
ingham prins 
dior the dif 


cliuered by the 
e 11. ok Parch, 
affectionate to 
ur company of 
Whe could, hee 
of pour honou⸗ 
tters being di⸗ 
9. Hakluyt bn: 
ge reſolued, the 
by mens own 
er, the ſumme 
but other wiſe 
mne, to bee left 
le ot whom we 
tation. In ons 
r, and one well 
pouchlafe vs of 
the merchants 
ot to deferre the 
„1583. 


age to the 
pril, 1583. for 
mpanie and o- 
large, doe de- 
burle ments are 
dat 12. li. 10,5, 


piece of golde, 
to the Couch: 
with the touch 
iudge what the 
wle whereol J 
ticular eftate of 

maup 


* 


Lt 1 could 
b attence and fo great a burthes am N 
and commoditie Jekalleth to very tcl teme, ane te 1 1 ˖ 
Qodneſe. as any other trade chat may be named. n e 
Foꝛ fit the ettate of th⸗ Tountreps aud the 
then are by euery body n ö 
Nerd the Ducchnten ar : nere ſocrep 
well confirme that vncertg 0 
Tyhirdlp, the qualitie okt 
Fourthlp, the charges of a 


Wapesborne by the merchants 


ſome purpoſe haue o 
* gteattownes, ie 
al let the aa, Seles thee by Cone ici 


And laſtlp, 


ache n mn oer then (ur 4 
pig tbat aap: ano eo the 
Ushem ther arcultomed and ancient prtuilenges in > 
thought a han 


1 ap voint to haue fen, 
ae — ace mr Of Epis Acts likewie ae bunt ſe much fas 1. 


9 


' 


- 
e 
ae 


| atc apeto quarell wich us vy I 
Peere, colt letle lee then wo ehoriCano pounng, 


ny times our chippes be 
srenchelone ppes being ta 


reed ofcheir Hlauerie, 
d nba there are ome het 


wol Spaine littech to tape she 


eve in the banger of many fates, whose wlichcan not 
fi : es, who for ſund 

5 
Ne ne ena age 
ent, chat the fame Candin pv euery one of indge⸗ Len, 
ee 
— nop ble 0 cantons 


¢ of their goons and 


very great trade; and 
beir Indies, ag alſb ol the 
pdinarilp anne From them againe: Iefallerh 


leet 2 
menu, en intochote parts: Goo thar 


nunber of our very rood hips, bur alto ae ay at cheſe ſeaſcns beprine 


P*) be the meanes 
. 
urkie either. 
Taue 


ny further 
euerp 


——— en 0 9 a etn Ate i 


The Enghith Voyages Kc. AM. (briſtopber (arlile. WM. 


his heart to confiver,that his childzen and ſeruanes whom hee delireth to haue well brought vp, } 
are in thefe trades of Spaine and Portugal, and all Italie, fozcedto denie their otune pꝛokeſſion, that chez 


and made to acquaint themſelues with that which the Parents and Malters doe vtterly denn onder an 

é and rekuſe, yea whith many of them doe in their omne hearts abborre as a deteſtable and moſt wit ⸗ ſtite orm 
kev voctrine. e f 1 dering ni 
But who ſhall looke into the quslitie ok this voyage, being diretter to the latitnde of fortie de. mote, are 
grees o thereaboutes, ofthat hithermoſt part of America thal fino it hath as many points of good gan 
R oſe whe 


moment belonging vntoit, es may almoſt be wiſhed for. - 
1. As lirſt it is to be vnderſtood, that it is not anp loag courſe, fo it map be perfourmen too nd moſt aſlin 


Commoditiee : 
of thie vonage fro in koure moneths after the litſt vilcouerie thereok. 8 There 
mibornele 2 Setondlp that one wind ſufficeth to make the pallage, whereas molt of pour other voyages I ter of rad 
of like length, are fubiectto 3.02 4.twinvs, N a i out a ver; 
3 Chirdly, that it is to be perkourmes at all times ok the peeve, N bigger the 
4 Fourth ip. that ehe paslage is vponthe high fea, herby you are not bound to the knowles ill great 
ok vangers, on any other coatt, moze then ok chat Count rey, and of ours here at home. | ditie theres 
5 Fiftlp, that thole parts ol England and jre land, which lie apteſt for the proceeding outta | are made h 
0) home ward vpon this voyage, are very well ſtozed of goodly harbours, me hente. 
6 Sixtlp, that it is to bee accounted of no danger at all as touching the power of anp fozreim . The oth 
pꝛinee oz Mare, when it is compared with any the bet ok all other voyages befoze retited. : which may 
4 Anco the godly minded. it bath this comfortable commoditie, that in this trade their r Catt India 
tours, bee they their leruants oz child zen, all haue no inſtruction o; tonkeſſtons of Joclatrois F alſuredly pe 


mat Religton enforced vpon them, but concvarily hall be at their tree libercie ot confcience, and il people, 


find the fame Religion exertiled, which is molt agreeable vnto their Parents and Maſters. Uhat 
commodities © As ko the merchandifing, which is the matter efpeciallp looken fop, albeit that Esp the peim knowledge, 
e we ttc nut certainely able to pꝛomiſe any ſuch like quaititie, as is now at the belt time akt; the great pr 
thoieof zar. Moſcouian trade brought from thence: So likewile is there not demanded aux ſuch propon conceiue tha 
W, wa ok dallyexpentes, as was at the firſt, and as pet is conſiune d in that ol Moſeouia aud other. a 
: 


. Bue when this of America Chall haue bene hauntev and pꝛactiſed thirtie pceres to an ende & 
the other bath bene, J doubt not by Gods grace, that for che tennt ſhippes that are now comme & for the Mart 
employed onte the peere into Moſcouia, there (haltin this voyage twile tenne be imp chelſe hundzer 

well, twile the pere at the leoſt. And ik for the pfelene time chere voe fallout nothing els tobe bee thought, 

fold then the bare Fiſhing, pet doubt J not aftee the Ate peeres planting, but by that matttror monep. 

Ip to ſetue halfe a dozen of pour bett (ore of Gripe, Achugh mp fupply of people doe not folluun Tibercun 

Co lubſtantiallp, as in all reaſon may be well loohed lo i wherewith w 

Chelate . But wbenit is afken tohac map be hoped from chene alter ſome peeren it is irt tu be cru rale kinde ch 

che pinoe. ted, bat this lituation in fourtie degreeg, ſhall bee verp apt to gather the commodicies eithtt d chat whereas 

thole parts which ſtand to the Bauthward ofit, as allo ok thole which are to the Moythward. bee willing an 

Anche Mortherlie map be expected not oncly an efpectall good fithing for Soalmon, Codde n the intended m 
AAhales,but alla any other ſuch commodtt tes. as the Eaſterne Countreps doe peeld vs now: ſummtion. 

Pitch, Tarre, Hempe, and thereok convage, Batts Lote hives, rich Kutres, andother ſuth lt The cramp! 

without being in any fort beholding eo a king of Danmarke, og other Minde oz ſtate that ſhaln Ree their dꝛdinarie 

in {uch fort able to command our ch ppts at their plealure, as thoſe dos at this dap, bp meint U fallen into thol. 

their ſtrait pallage s and trong ſhipping. n e sit a taine reports ſh 

As fon thole partes which lie Tick and to the Bourhwardes, it map well bee hopen ti people they hau 

willpeeld ines witha limall helpe, since the grepes voe growe there of chemlelues alceant HR greater number 

very kaire and in great abundante ! DOlines being once plantev, will peelde the like Dple a who pꝛelently n 

„ ypame,Prouince and Italie. Che Counttey people being made to knew that for Ware dhe Saittt Thomas 

, heme g Vet Dave prelTen 

Sow co pꝛoulde che ſume, the labcur thereof being lolight, no doubt but in Hope time they il affection to haya 

eatnettty care to haue the lam in good quantitte fop vs. Beſides phat great likelihoode then thep might onen 

otfalt: is bf good meaues to make Salt, which may lerue ey the fithing of-thore partes, may wel nothing in che 

ae e em dg the qualitte of fuch places an ate tequirevto make gi dunner 

me in. i ind . to 12 fu een e . 1 ns. Hal! Not 

hug much wythe beginning becatiCe thep map bee hon wich an ernie Kinde OF teauell: be huſtes are found 

when it may hauepleaten Gon 10 etablich our people chere anp Curb time as they map hut Mute, who tate 

plante atnongit them in lundzy pastes ot the Ceuntrep nnn chat bp gentie and kammiilar ente ff herefove A wo 

Ang them. they det mane tu lee what is better fopthen them they doe as pet vnderttand of, w Suited of each one 

ehatan Conan ores of occaſions as wert indunice zo de let donne: cts to bee ane bo g 


Bers n ee 


4 


FC 2 
er Carlile, 


will brought vp, 
owne profeftion, | 
ble and moſt wir: |e 
itnde had Uo de: 
inp pointe of gon thole who thall be there plante molt louing and 
There are further to be canliderer thefe two poynts of goon importance, concerning the mat. 
ur other bopanes ter ok trade. The one is, chat by the good Nolpering of this action, chere mutt ok necellitie fal 
' out a verp liberall vecerance of our Enalith Clothes into a maine Country , deſcribed to bee 
bigger then all Europe, the larger part thereof bending tn the Nozthward, hail haue wonder. 
tothe knowletg full great vſe of our ſayde Enalth Clothes, after che ſhall come once to knotwe the commo⸗ 
home. i bitte thereof, The like will bee allo ol many other things, ouer many to bee reckoned, which 
oceeding outta a ga here by our Artificers and labouring people, and of netellitie mutt bee vꝛouined from 
The other is, tf there be any pollible meanes to a ' 
e Mans which may ferue in fome realonable and comurnens ine ease ee ait cone, 


trade their Far | 


; it ſhall be ſo ; 
ne of Adclatroi ome perfourmen by thele who thall mbabite and ſuſt grow into famillaritie wich aun 
nſcience, and thal e a 1 
Pa Chat Pinerall matter map fall out to bee found, ig a thing left in ſi 
| rs. 5 wee) ence, 
hy Skin Funonledge, berauſe there be many men, who hauing long fine eect rid mld 
e belt time ofthe the great pomtfes chat haue bene made them, aud being 48 pet inno point ſatiſſted, doe thereupon 
tty Kuch proportin e Conreiue that they be but woꝛdes purpolely catt out koꝛ the inducing of men to bee the moze ready 
ere eee eee 
8 * o hegmm With an other obtection, ſaying: i 
F. ee. : Go the SParchants pucte ta continue the charges of teantporting ano lancie® * a dhe aner en 
eme be ip thele hundꝛed men which are nowe to bee planted, will coſt foure thouland pound: It is then to 
nothing els toin 0 » atthe charge of afar greater nner, wil be ah favre greater ſumme ol 
thy chat matttrod | MDs : 
7 S  Wihereunto J anſwere, chat in all attemptes vnknowen, eſpeciallp ſuch ; 
1 e PR wherewith wee are pꝛeſently in hand, the firtt charges are contanantp ae mne dhe oo 
8 itſt to be cu rate kinde, then thole chat followe vpon ſome better knowledge: and therewith it out 
movities either char whereas ane aduentureth in the irt enterpziſe, an Hundzedfop that one will of themlelues 
je Ropthwarb, bee willing and delirous to aduenture in the next, if there bee neuer fo little Move appearance, that 
palinon, Codde ca Pane matter is by Come knowledge of our owme, found true in ſome popneg of our lirſt Dies 
rpeeld vs now Ehe eranple 
andother ſuchl examples are many , amd map eallly bee remembzed by thole who be ar ‘ 
hyn tal their omarie and daply trades, ag well ag in extraoꝛdinarie 11 97 3 —— eat eu, 
dap, bp meint fallen into thole termes ol ſome likelyhood, as ig alcꝛeſayde. Oo then no doubt, but when cer. er P-Frobi- 
e eee 
8 t eme a8 18 bp bs ſpoken of, but that then there twill Wa ew tbe 
. greater number ok thole, who nowe sag haue heard any thing ache matt et bg 
the like Oyle n onde then b treo! the 
vfaaieeap peg Saint Thomas, 3{fheake noc thisby the SParchanea wham fn cher rerbe eee den aceite a 
yemonce themen rer hau melken to anp further cherge then thie fet meparation, but rather by luch as haue grrat 
heat tine ther bi ection tobezarn the changing of tyeteettates, am would be well content to goe in the voyage if 
rte ed eee e tar bmn 
artes, may wel; The right ecamination of hi 
A examination of this point mult bee che contr fequell 
Pquireca make that is fey, Nothing ef dee haue: toon the other fine ala 3535 
e bk trauell: l. Notes are found out, to che wonderful benefite of the Common weale, and to thole elpecially in 
as they may hut Ypiuate hyo take on chem the hazard of their life and krauell on fubftance in the Gf attempts: and 
i Fannie ene dne g wand wür char they, who (Gan be thanked) are well able to fpare that which is ree 
r . be tell content and willing tu im 
bee atlucenlp 4 Ploy thefame, dance the fequell in goon an fubftantial realen both pomife, not anely a great 


tumnoditie in particular to the Parchant, who dall iy home erercife the trade of Parchan⸗ 
diles 


er Carlile, 


0 may by taking 
Ne to make fome 
it dilburſlement 
he might pee (ur. 
Hoſcouian trade: 
Darchants parti: 
: And that when 
wing, the whole 
en it ſhould finke 


ny ſoztune in the 


e no lit time nun 


e that belongeth 


kind, J fap thus 
bis ation, as any 
e à moſt excellent 
allo in reſpect of 
bnprofitable, and 
pche long peate, 
ne, that che peo. 
outh in their pa: 
e ou 
into ſundp dif. 
bled, and then: 


nef hinoeot 


eld from falling 


ives, where the) 


he warres of the 
l and idle Liucrs, 
ir facultic, which 
e to kall out, am 


chen wich n, 


opage, there is 
ometwhat neercr 
ken ok touching 
is time, becault 
e by that which 
natters very di 


F chofe partes of 
foundland. Ju 
prefumen might 


athaya, but this 


aurence, and ſo 


againe, where 
am Canada 0 

by the way 
ib the Grand 
moneth of Octo⸗ 
e in this diſcoue⸗ 
y Croſſe This 


nech wich von 


noe of pꝛouiſion, 
they not vs 


A. ( Briſtopher Carlile. Traffi ques, and Diſcoueries. 187 
to ſerue the Frenchmen, with any thing they had all the winter long, 


albeit at fon | 
pꝛices towardes the ende when che neede was moft, as with our ſelues the like ene 4207 
times. 
But when the French had their wants ferucn all che pere, and that as yet 
appearance of their intended matter, which was the dilrouerſe of the paftage. aba n 
by the fignes wherewith the willing people cndeuourcd to declare cher knowledge in that poynt 
that fome good matter might ber bap ftom chem. ir they might haue bene well unperttoone chey 
refoulued with themſelues to take fome of the lulficik telt men of that counttey bome into France 
imd there to keepe them ſo long, as that hauung once atchieued the French tongue, they might ne: 
clave moge Cubftancially ther minpe, and daten tn the ſarde pallage, contluding this to be the 
and alt hazard. 


Kr op the 1 10 
Thus the poore king he Countrey, w two 02 three others of his chi 
ming abooꝛde the French ſhippes, being required 4777 ’ E chief compan 
way into France, where hee liuen foure 
French Rings Colmog rapher doeth 
put the whole Countrey people intol 


chants, who meant to 
Countrey men, 


who teporterh to haue 
fifceene bunmreth 

5 ant thus fupnent pone 

this prefenty ? 
Mowe, if in ſo i 

{uch good paſſe as hath beene declared vnto you: i 

be hoper lo from the Southemepare, which 

ſo, as one who was neuer touch w 

voii to ſame better taking 

pour greater and more tommod 

en of (0 dort ano Cafe a courte as this hath 


m 

And Cpe South 

bade nan an 
e co traffigug.“ 


pal € and vnſpotted in matters ol 
to fall out m this matter botweene you ann me, " 


2 Articles 


188 


— 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. M. ( briſtopher (‘arlile. 


0 
oO 


00 


= 


Articles fet downe by the Committies appointed in the behalfe 
of the Companie of Mofcouian Marchants, to conferre with M. Carlile, vp. 
on his intended diſoouetie and attemptinto the hithetmoſt parts of America. 


The names of the Committies. 
Mafter Alderman Hart. Matter Towerfon, 
Mafter Alderman Spencer, Matter Staper. , 
Matter Hoddeſden. Maſter Iohn Caſtelin. 
Maſter William Burrough, Matter Leake. 


Maſter Slany. 


Felt the Committies are well perfwanen, that the Countrey whereunto this 
action is intended, is very kruitkull inhabited with fauage people of a milde and 
E tractable pifpofition, And that of all other places which are vnkrequented at 


Oe sade it is the onely mlt fit aud moſt conmodious fo; vs to intermeddle 
withall. 

* The conmenieutelt maner of attempting this enterprile is thought to bre 
thus: That chere ſhould be one hundꝛech men conucpen thither to remaine chere one whole peert: 
who with friendly intreatie of the people, may enter into better knowledge of the particular ellate 
ofthe Countrey, aud thereby gather what connnoditie map be hereafter, oz pꝛeſently looken for, 

The charge ta tranſpoꝛt theſe hundꝛech men, to victuall chem, and to furniſh chem ol munition 


Footy, aud other needefull things, will not be Lette chen foure choufand poundes : where hath bene very 
r N reabilp offered by the Citie of Briſtoll one thoufand poundes, the reſidue being 
cot 4000. l. poundes, remaineth to bee furniſhed by this Citie of London , qq aup ethers who will aduenturt 


thee thoufanne 


their money in this firſt preparation, 
The Committies thinke it conuentent that a Pꝛiuflege ſhould be procured by Matter Carlile 
from het Maieſty, by vertue whereof thele conditions and Articles following map be ellectualy 


prouider f. 
Fitſt, chat hep who ſhall viſburſle their money foz the firtt preparation, ſhall be namen Anu: 
turers, and ſhall haue the one halle of all {uch landes, territopies, tuwnes, mines of gold and filucr, 
and other metals whatſoeuer, as ſhall bee foun, gotten, obtained, as conquered by this dilcoue⸗ 
ry :yeelding to her Maieſtie the itt part of all fuch gold and ſdtuer, as ſhall happen to be had cutof 
any mines that ſo ſhallbe found. f 

That hole parties which noe employ chemſelues perfbnally in the pꝛeſent diſcouerie, thall 
be namen Enterpꝛiſers, and hall haue the other halle o all the Lands, Territopies, Cownes, 
Mines of Gold and Oiluer, and other mettals, peelding to her Maieſtie the fife part of the 
Gold and Diluer as the Aduenturers vo : The fame to bee dillributed by the General, with the 
aC of 1 greatelt part of twelue dilcreete perfons to bee cholen out of the whole munber of 

e 


Cutermilers, 

Al d, chat all trade of Marchandiſe which (hall bee wfen to and from thoſe partes, which by this 
diſtouerie ſhall bee found out, ſhall appertaine onelp to the Aduenturers which ſirſt thall dil burſle 
their money lo this diſcouery, with pꝛohibition to all other her Maieſties ſubierta, and other spur: 
chants to deale in the ſayd parts, without the conſent of che fir Aduenturerg, vpon lolle of thipye 
and goods, and punifhiment of their perfong, that lo hall avuenture in trade of marchandile: 010 
therwiſe by impꝛilonment at the Companics pleature, 

That no perfon Hall hereafter avuenture in this diſcouerie as Aduenturers fop the pofies men: 
tioned in the firit Articles, but ſuch onely as doe dil burſſe their monep in this firſt preparation: 
and they ſhall not aduenture hereafter anp greater fumme, then ratably according to their pꝛopch⸗ 
tion of this their firft aduenture. 

Alo, the pofite which by this diſcouerie thall be attained vnto, either by lande which may bee 
conquered, 07 otherwile gotten: as allo ſuch pꝛolite which by this diſcouerie ſhall bee obtained bp 
mines, q other wile gotten, chat eche one ſhall haue his part rate and rate like, actoꝛding to the pro: 
portion of their ſirſt aduenture, and not otherwiſe. 

The Aduenturers in this kirſt preparation Hall, at cheir owne free will and libertie choole whe: 
ther they will ſupplp hereakter any further charge oꝛ not: il there voe fall out any fuch occafion 
to require the fame. And pet withall hall for euer holde to them the freenome of the fei 


C0 


The 


which 
charge. 
That 


nd tranfpo 


map tht 
they that 
fat ost 
cle, gan 
obtemen, 
That! 
within on 
being on r 


3 Are 


ſcarte gale: 
where we fe 
within 1 2. 
The ners 
welt off vs, 
The next 
put fooꝛth ou 
although the 
we ſoug ht n 
the ſhoalds tl 
the Iſle of B 
without che h 
and dolune elt 
weather, that 
we ranged the 
it trendeth tot 
to the Eaſt one 
leagues, we for 
mea, where go 
thoms water. 
and Southſout 


great league, fo 


3 


„ 


the Ille Kamea 
would enter the 
danger. 

And that por 
lands appearing 
they are all firme 
dedmto z. parte 
another better m 
tlom tye ſayd har 


South welt, a qu 


wm fich vpon: 
and, which runne 


Carlile. 


e behalfe 
Carlile, vp. 
rica. 


hereunto this 
of a milde and 
krequented at 
o intermeddle 


hought to bee 
e whole peere: 
articular eſtate 


looked for, 

Mt of munition 
path bene very 
nee thoufande 
will aducnture 


Carlil 
ae arlile 


named Aduen⸗ 
cold and ſilutr, 
p this viſcoue. 
o be had out ol 


ſcouerie, ſhall 
es, Townes, 
itt part of the 
erall, wich the 
ole number al 


which by this 
thal dil burſſe 
nd other spar: 
loſſe of ſhippe 
chandile: 07 0 


Je pofits men: 
t preparation : 
o their propo}: 
which may bee 
ee obtained by 
ing to the pros 


8 8 


. 5 


i chooſe uh 


v ſuch occaſion 
e ol the trade 
which 


Fa pn 
S 


. Douthwetk, a quarter to the Moꝛth aud South. And on tl : 

: i . he ſayd Iſle 

do die ich vpon: ut to the acter thereof there is a ver faire c : | 

fand, which runneth the length of a table, hauing not pal one fatborn kag ripe es ihe 
2 7 | 


The fle of Rumea. Traftiques and Difcoueries, 11 


. 1 89 if 
5 Dallgrowe i anp of hele partes + notwithtanding their ſayd refuſall to beare any further [ 
charge, 
That in the Patent which is to ber obteined, be graunted , that all f 1 
cranfpore themlelues thither that thall be contenten to goe. And that ee fbi 


a ———— 


Thatit (hall not be lawkul fop any of her paiettics lubtertg o any other to inhab 


within one hundzed leagues any wap of the place, wi ere the 
being oꝛ relidence. Plate, where the Gencrall thall haue 


ite op traffique 
ſetled his chieteſt 


A relation of the firft voyage and diſcouerie of the Iſle 


made by for Mouſieur de La court Pre Rauill. 
the ſhip called the Bonanenture to kill and make I fe ak i 
Morſes with great teeth, which we haue 


Oꝛ the perfoꝛmance of our fain voyage, we Departed fram S. Malo lo 
at went for Canada, and k 5 Malo wich the fleete 
4 a Charles halle thes epe companie wilh the ſhips called The Soudil and Seen of 


: wap, and then lo tian . 
welt, which leparated ye hen loſt them; a violent wind ariling at Aozth⸗ 


Ramea, 
Fre, with 


1591. 


After which we had faive wether, and came to c 
We e no kurcher knowledge thereof, becaute eme age Song i Be 
uber ean Sebo bat ee ee eta eset, eben eld, eset 
20. 3 e ſaylid 20 5 ; : ter, 
ith leaguesof Cape deRey, pen Retna one quate of te opt, ana came Set. 
The next day being the 6. ol Wap x 1. we Were c 5 
weg senen tape teh Sarna . einde Cape de key ato athip Sou aya Rey, 
The next day being the ſeuenth ok the f; d monech, we c J 
put fooꝛth our boat, becauſe we had not 2 to oun Bruen ein ibe ase 1 we 855 2 
although the coatts lay very lots: and becauſe the night appochen, and the wind grew very high 
Wwe ſoug ht not to ecke our port, betaule it is berg hard to finn it when che wind is loft becanleg? 
the ſhoalds that are about it. And Wwe chougheto keepe gur courte imei th Ir een 
the Ille of Brion ¢ the Ille ol Aponas, But there arole fo great a elt at the Soul welt 
without che helpe of God we had bene in great dauger among theſe Ties, And we be Sb 0 
and dolone eleuen Dapes, making our papers vnto God to ende the tempeſt and to ſend va f irt 
weather, that we might obteine our hauen: which of his goodneſſe he gau Baad 
we ranged the Ille Ramea onthe Noꝛchnozthwel five, mto the contrary part of the land wh 
it trendeth to the Southſoutheaſt: and ſeeing no land on the elt five, wee rauged the ſayd lun 4 e 
to the Catt one quarter to the Moꝛth at the leaſt 1 s leagues, and being from th a iabe 93 Ake 


and the Iſle ol Ra. The 30e 0 
wy | 
thoms water. And the lowe poynt of the Alle Rames, and eh ale Baabe Hane 7. d. and 9. fa: Doren. 
and Southſouthwelk. And take heede pou come not neere the low point of the Ille Ramea h 
great league, ko I haue ſounded it at Z. kathoms water. The Ille is marken, Sno the} = pa 
acta names pet) bohrer and Houhweg, one quarter to the Catt and acy 3 5 


would enter t F : i 
1 er the ſayd harbour, Keepe you a league off the ſhoare: l often tunes there is great 

And that pou may know the ſayd bauen, to the Cattnortheatt of 
lands appearing to them that are without on all fineg like ph 4 puch ste charter 
they are all firme land: and ik you come on the South and South wee fide, you 
debmto 2. parts. which J calles The three hillockes which ; 


there is good pebble fone 


water vpon it. From the land. 
ſapd 


190 


Cape du Chapt. 


Che maine a 
Ahold coal. 


Liſle Blanche. 
The place 
where they 
killed 1500. 


ogles. 


su 


8 


conte inin 
a league o 
round, 
11 barb hauen. 
\ 
jarkes to 
— 5 into the 
bauen. 


The Warre 


She be an · 


Another en · 
trance. 

The Ifle of Core 
motants, 


“ipa TheLnglih Voyages Nauigaions, Tle leo? Remes 


A imei Thad conteining about a league of ground: where there is an hauen 


———————ͤͤ— ie 
layde Ille along the firme land the coat lyeth Catt and Aleſt, and pou ſhall fee as it were a great 
forrett running Cattward : and the Catterne Cape is called Cape du Chapt, and is grtat and red 
toward the Sea. And betweene the fapd lands pou ſhall (ce as it were a {mall Iſland, but it ion: 
eth to the firme land on the Southweſt part: and there is good ſhingle to die fifth on. And vou muſt 
coatt the ſhoze with boates and not with hips, by realon ot the ſhallowes of the layd coat. o J 
haue ſe. ne without Cape du Chapt in faire weather the ground in two fathoms water, necrea 
league and an halte from ſhoꝛe, and J iudged by reafon of the highneſſe of the land, that there hay 
bene aboue thirtie fathoms water, which was nothing ſo: and J haue founded comming neere the 
ſhoze, in moꝛe op leſſe depth. The coalt ſtretcheth threc leagues to the Wick from Lifle Blanch 05 
the whice Iſle, vnto the entrance of a riuer, where we llewe and killed to the number of fiftcene hun 
dꝛen Moꝛſes oꝛ Sea oxen, accounting ſmall and great, where at full fea ou map come on ſhoare 
with boates, and within are two oz thꝛee fathoms water. From thence the coat trendeth fours 
leagues to the &Uleſt, to the Moꝛthweſt vnto the Ille Hupp, which ws twentie leagues in circuit, 
and is like the edge of a knife: vpon it there is neither wood nop graſſe: there are Moꝛſes vpon it, 
but they bee hard to be taken. From thence the coatt trendeth to the Nozthwelt and Aozthnontg⸗ 
well; which is all that J haue ſeene, to wit, che two fines and one ende of the Ille. And ik J had 
had as good lucke as my Matters, when J was on the Nozthweſt fine wich my thippe , J would 
01 aduentured to haue faplen Douth-ſouthealt, to haue diſtouered the Eaſterne ſhoare of the 

apd Ille. 

In pour returne to the Eaſt, as pou come from che hauen ol Cape du Chapt buto the fapde ha. 
uen, are andes and ſholds. And thꝛee good leagues from Cape du Chapt there is aſmall Iſland 
toward the Southeaſt: 
and as pou enter into the ſayd hauen on the ſtarrebooꝛd fine, a dented Cape all of redde land. And 
pou cannot enter into the fai hauen but with the tlood, becaule ofa barre which lieth halfe a league 
without the poynts of the ſayd hauen. The tydes are there at Douthealk and Moꝛthwelt; but 
when the wind is very great it bloweth much into the hauen at halfe flood, But opdinarilp it flow: 
eth liue foote and an halte. The markes to enter into the ſayd hauen are to leaue the Ille Blanche 
o White Iſland at pour comming in on the ſtarrebood; and the popnt of che hauen towarde the 
Heft hath a thick Mand, which vou ſhall ce on the other fine, and it hath a little round Buttreſee 
which lyeth on the Catt Hoe of the Illand. There are alfo wo other buttreſles mope eaſie to bee 
ſeene then hidden: thele are not to the Catt but to the Weft, and they haue markes on them, Here 
pou (hall not haue aboue two fathom and an balfe at a full ſea vpon this bare, And the founning 
is fone and rough ground. At pour entring in, when pou ſhall finde white ſaud which lpeth nett 
the Southeatk of the Cape, then pou are vpon che harre: and bee not afrayd ta patie vp the chanel 
Aud fox markes towarde the Wick athwart the barre, when pou haue brought an Illand cuen, 


which lpeth to the weſtward without, with che chicke part of che high land which lyeth most to he 


Wiel, pou fhall bec patk the barre : and the chanell rumeth due JQojth. And top pour anchoring m 
the fap hauen. ſee that pou carckully ſecke che middeſt of the {app / hic ke land which lye ch iu the 
bottome of the ſayd hauen: for you mutt anchoꝛ berwecne two bankes of ſand where he paſſage t 
but narrow. And yau muſt anker lurely: fon there gocth a great tyde: fox the Sea runneth chat 
as ſwiftly and moze then in There is good ground aud ankopage here: and pou hall 
ride in thꝛee fathom water. And within the ſapde hauen there is nothing to hurt pou, for pouare 
free from all winds, And if by chance you ſhould be dꝛiuen Mell ward of the fap hauen, you may 
feeke an entrance, which is right ouer agamſi che {mall Illand named beloze, which is called The 
Iſle of Cormorants; and pou may enter in there as at the other hauen at a full ſea: And you mut 
pafle bp on che Cet fine, and pou ſhall linde on the Barre at a full ſea fourcteene foote water, any 
great depth when you are entred in: foꝛ che Sea runneth very fwifdy in that plate: and he entrie 
the eof lyeth Southeaſt and Nozthweſt. 

Right ouer agaunſt pou on the other fide , you map pafle with boates at a full ſea. And all thele 
entrances make all but ane hauen, which is good within. J lay ibis becaule J haut paſſi d into the 
maine Sea by the one and the other pallage. And the ſaid Ille is not paſt two leagues ouer in the 
middeſt. It is but two bankss of ſande, whereof one is like to that of b. alo which let che Sea 
from paſling thꝛough the middeſt of all the Alle: But dhe two endes are high mount aines with 
Iſlands altogether cut and ſeparated with ſtreames and riuer s. 

To aber in the ſayd harbour, vou mut not ride father then fine oy fire tables length from the 
Tapp hauen. 

A letter 


4 
271 
BT 
po 
eg 
ae 
pio 
a 
he 
ge 
1 
i 
4 
uae 
75 
72 
4 
4 
a 


3 
Bs 
5 
4 
oi 
<3 
5 
5 
a 
a 
4 
3 
i 
i 


land: am 
and the 
which hth 
they will n 
the bellies 
which ik it! 
fag pour iL 
mightie. J 


5 

1 

. 

1 

their mouth 
ing vpon the 
ſoone as he h 


faith to be ag 
they are caller 


5 igh 
light leather t. 
haue ſeene pir 
fithes, whercol 
bene folv in En 
whereas the be 
low then the Hr 

matician and fk 
Ale of Rameai 
he had made try 


a gainſt poyſon ag 


s 


u 


N mouth the: oF Fe 
© Occafion was not 


theſetwo ſhips we 
fide ol Newfounc 


— . 
‘Ramea, 


t Were a great 
B grtat and red 
nd, but it ioyn 
And pou muſſ 
Dont, Foy 
water, neere a 
that there had 
ning neere the 
Alle Blanch 9) 
ol fiftecne hun. 
ome on ſhoare 
trendeth foure 
gues in circuit, 
Boyles vpon it, 
D Moꝛthnozth. 
And ik J had 
ippe , J would 
ie ſhoare of the 


to the ſayde ba. 
aſmall Iſland 
he Doutheatt; 
dde land. And 
h halfe a league 
oꝛthweſt; but 
inarilp it flow: 
be Iſle Blanche 
en towar de the 
und Buttreſſe, 
ore cafie to bie 
on them. Were 
1D the founding 
hich lyeth nett 
vp the chanel, 
n Alland cuen, 
eth moſt to the 
ur auchozing u 
ich lyech iu the 
e ſhe paſſageit 
a runneth chere 
: and pou fhall 
ou, fo pouare 
auen, you may 
h is called The 
And pou mut 
ote water, and 
and the euttie 


l. And all theſe 
‘palin into the 
rues ouer in the 
ich let the Sea 
umtaines with 


engch from the 
A letter 


Richard Fiſber. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


191 


Aletterfent to the right Honorable Sit VVidliam (ecill Lord Burgh 
dey, Lord high Trea{urer of England &c. From pre Se Lames of Bride 


concerning the diſcouerie of the Ille of Ramea, dated the 14 of Sepiember. 1 591. 


Tobe Honourable, my humble duetie to pour 
good humbly to aduertiſe 1 


the fave bes thep make a hagthenm of Craine, which Traine a ver p 9 
bctahing pour ponoue a the leg ehr . 
mightic, From Briltoll, this 1406 Sepcember, 1 591. ping ofthe al. 


A briefe note of the Morſſe and the vſe th 

ereof. 

ob JQ the firtt vopage of Taques Carthier, wherein he difcouercn the Gulfe of S. Lau- 
rence and the latd Ille ul Ramea, in the pecre 1 534,48 pou map reade in pag, 205 of 

this prefene volume, he met wich theſe beats, as he witnellech in theſe wozds. About 

8 the faid Iſland are very great beaſts as great as oxen,which haue two ore t 1 hin 
their mouthes like vnto Elephants teeth, and liue alſo in the fea, Wee fi am 
ing vpon the banke of the water, and thin b r 
foone as he heard vs, he caſt himfelfe into tho ſea. Touching theſe beatts whi acu 


faith to be as big as Dren and to haue tech in their mou . 
they are called in latine Boues Maia e, „ on mele ot eech Crue it ts chat 


take them to be excellent good 


na dener targets which the SPoones bfe in Barbarie agamtf rom a arte better then the 
haue ſeene diuers in her Patchties tatelp Armozie in the towye el Lenden. Ehe e 


ci hitter id friend, an extellent 
aller ene baut labiticion, Wewed me one of thee beatts terth whi, wer Mathe. 
Alle of Ramea in the firtt paige, which was half a yard long op very tie Aan 


The voyage of the ſhip called the Marigold of M. Hill of A. 


vnto Cape Briton and beyond to 


a QM of nb 4 tthen with 20 men, wher- 


7 
Ca 
iv 
72 


m which bpon ſome 

The plana or which op ogee © 
Peter on the backe Rauen 0 

egrees, called by the 

Britons 


192 ‘theEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, Richard Fiſber. 
Chealeot —Brivonsof Saint Malo the Ille ol Ramea, but by the Sauage s aud naturals of ihe Continent 
— next adopning, Nenquit: On which Ile are ſo great abundance of the huge and mightie Den 

Oxen with great teeth in the moneths of Appl, Pay and June, that there haue bene fittecne bun 
dꝛeth killed there by one ſmall barke in the peeve 1591. The two Englilh fhipps alozeſay de ict 
companic before they came to Newtounland : and neuer came after together mail heit voyage. 
The thip of 99. George Drake fell ſirſt with New-foundland, and altei ward very birecilp 
came to the Ille Ramea, though too late in the peere to make her voyage: where thee found a 
fhippe ot Saint Malo thace parts fraighted with theſe liſhes: the men whereof enquiring whence 
hape was and who was the Maſter thereok, being anfweren that thee was belonging to 
alte orge Drake af Apſham, fearing to bee taken as good prise being of a Leaguer towne, 
aus 7" eme out ot league with England, ſled ſo haſtilp that pꝛelent night that they lelt tha 
en die men amm three y hallops behinde them, all which our men leazed vpon and brought 
away au d prifes home. i 
Pere our men took e certaine Sen overt, hut nothing ſuch numbers as they might haue had, if 
they han come in due leaſon, which they han neglected, Che thippe called the Ma. igolde fill 
with Cape aint Francis in Neu ſounland che eltuenth of Julie, and from ihente wee went 
into the Bap Rogneule, andafterward double Cape Razo, and lapling toward the ſtiaight 
of Saint Peter (which a the entrance betweene Newfoundland and Cape Briton,) being 
atgualnted with the place, beate vy d downe a very long time, and per milled it, and at length 
aue hoc it, and fell wich Cape Briton. 
be eng Lare diuerſe of our men went on land vpon the very Cape, where, at their arriuall they foun 
oop pe the ſpittes of Okcof the Sauages which had roaſted meate a litle before, And as they veiwed the 
snare countrey they ſawe diuers beattes aud folles, as blacke Foxes, Deere, Deters, great oules 
with redde legges, Pengwyns, and certaine others, Wuehauing found no people here at this 
Chepgoe blur ft landing wee went againe on ſhipbooꝛde, and ſayled farther foure leagues to the Wet 
au hae; ol Cape Briton, where wee ſawe many Seales, And here hauing neede of krech water we wen 


order BUS: agame on hoe. And palung fometwhat more into che land, wee founde certatme round pole | 


artificially made by the Dauages to keepe fich in, with certaine weares in them made 10 ¢aky 
fifth, To theſe pondes wee repayzed to fill our caſke with water, Clee had not bene long bere, 
Se pcotteet but there came one Dauage with blacke long hayze hanging about his choulders, who calles 
thecommeen UNO vs, weauing his handes dawnewarde towardes his bellie, vling thefe wozdes, Calitogh 
ta dug Un CSlitoghs ag wee dꝛewe towardes him one or our mens mufket vna warts thot offs whereip⸗ 
von hee fell downe, and rifing vp ſuddenly againe bee tryed thuile wich a loude voyte Chiogh, 
Chiogh,Chiogh, Thercupon nine oz tenne of his fellowes running right vp ouer the buties 
with great agilite and ſwiftneſle came towardes vs with white ſtaues in their handes like half 
MWlacke dogs, pikes, and their dogges ok colour blacke not fo binge as a greyhounde followed them at the 
heeles; but wee retired vnto our boate without any hurt at all receiued. Howbeit one of them 
bake an hogſhead which wee had filled with fret water, with a great bzanche of a tree which 
lay on the ground. Upon which occaſion we beftowen halfe a doulen mulkets ſhotte bpon than, 
which they auopded by falling flatte to the earth, and afterwarde retired themſelucs to the 
woodes. Dne of the Dauages, which ſeemeptobee their Captaine, ware a long mantle of 
beaſtes ſkinnes hanging on one of his ſhoulders. The reſt were all naked except their priuities, 
which were couered wich a ſkinne tyed behinde. Atter they had efcaped our ſhotte they made a 

great fire on the ſhoꝛe, belike to giue their fellowes warning ok vs. 

The kindes of trees that wee noted to bee here, were goodly Okes, Firre trees of a great 
height, a kinde of tree called of vs Quickbeame, and Cherie trees, and diuerſe other kindeg 
to vs vnknowne, becauſe wee ſtayed not long with diligence to oblerue them: and there is great 
ſhewe ol rolen pitch, and tarre. Cee found in boch the places where wee went on land abun 
dance of Naſpeſeg, Strawberies, Purtes, and herbes of good ſmill and diuers good for the fin: 

1 feet trade die, and grafle very ranke and of great length. Mee lawe fiue oz fire boates ſayling to the 
wel can Southweltwarves of Cape Briton, which wee iunged to bee pichlang which had (ome 
Benn. trade that way. Cee ſawe allo, while wee were on ſhoze, the m htir hanging ek 
their fit} and fleſh with withes to my in che ape: they alſo e cattes and uvoles 

ov make a ſmoake vnder them, oz afofte fire, and ſo dzie then as che Sauages ole to doc in 

Irginia, 

de ounhane . Ihle wee lay foure leagues South of Cape Briton wee founden aud had firtie farhomes 
Sompwer lacke ozie ground. And lapling thence Tlellwarde nine oz ten leagues off the ſhoze, we had 
Riten. Gave . enty foure fathomes tedde lande, and {mall whitich ſtones. ee continued our 1 ſo 
5 arte 


Se 


karre to th 
an halt, hat 
reut betwe 
to the Cie 
whereof w 

our men tor 

5 Cods and 
i From oi 
ſupde che elt 
Tek and 

of eteuen we 
carte home 


up anv dow 


Michael, w 
vs to hing a 
bictuals, wee 
it was the tw 
lacke ol wind 
thing very tr 
ſhippe by the 
chale from ou 
umme diatly fo 


A briefe 11 
to the If 


making of her v. 
and June: but 


) not comming to! 
better understand 


afozeſayd nations 


Charles Leigh to 
Pater George D 
uo ſmall detrimen 
fulland profitable t 


Meuerchertheler 


) Sonedefaule,asig 


mention of thele thy 


> SilueRer Wyet, the 


is come to my know 


5 this gulle ol S. La 


French, Britaynes, f 
bungtine hate fron 


i @uenture, op once be 


— : 0 

Fiſber. Siluefer I yet. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 192 
he Contnent farre to the Souihwett, that wee brought our lelues into the latitune of fourtic for. 

migbtie Seq an hat haun Capled fittte oy ürtte Leagues to the Spouchwett of Cape 8 n een se 
e litecne hun. reurbetwens this Cape Brion and Cape Rey lo ſet out toward the Caltſoutheat. In our am rene gages 
aforefape ett tothe Cdtet of Cape Briton we law CreceDING great tore of leales, and abundance of 3 of e ten ot ape 
heir voyage. whereot we killed eleuen. Cie ſawe Clhales allo of all foptes aſwell ne bee atten 


erp bil out men tooke many berbed Coddes with one teate underneath, which on boche ae bert reat eve ot 


5 Seale ‘ 
eher fou Conga bec then toleaf Newfouncland, obe denden hota toate 
uiring whence Tom out atrtuall at the hauen of Saint Francis in Newfoundland, wht 
belonging to fapde the eleuenth of July) we continued beating vp and downe on the „ Pri ag hg oe S 
eaguer towne, and Donthwelk of Cape Briton wiieill che rwentie cabal Sey cin. fully by the lhact l ape 
they let tye | 10 — an 2 the Tu ol our Patter AND Cece ithers wee Mhapen our 1. % bat” 

Ores and cam ? eleven eek 
mn wp and downe, ann mitting of erpected pro» boten be, 2 Corus alld Flores where beating ©" Nes 


aes 


bt haue had, if 


Michael, where we fought to boone aPorcugall Hhipye, whuch we founp 


Masipolde fil vs to bing along with vs, and fo being ſonced to lcaue mb Wattey 

ie 5 * b bictuals, wee were congraincb agains owe Willey tobaten omen ts Se 2 — 
o the Mialghi it was the two and twentieth of December before wee could get into the Downes 2 
riton,) being lacke of winde wee kept our Chriſtmas with 2 


i day bieave i fon 
thing very trangebapenco inci voyage: a ite t ak for 4. er ar our clothes. One 1 


| 1 ge 
n Chae ken u wg, w gad te pated bp Cape lere, which Degen ee ot Ie 


; d their (hig 
from our thip, teil! one of our men fell ouerboald D et El t unde bot eee, 
1 dae tm cdiatly foxlooke vg, and neuer alterward appeate onto vg. ubich tte thee ieee er 
great SF ouleg A brief, fess oh boon, 18. 
ple here at this e note concerning the voyage of M. George 
to the itt to the Iſle of Ramea in the aforeſayd eh 1593. ge Drake of Apfham 
water we wen — 


round poides Fy 
made to ily 

ne long here, 
8, who called 


witten by Richard Fiſh nan 

to the woꝛchipfull Malter Hill of Redriffe ig, ag vou reade, a 2 a : 
; ’ 5 b 

alter G 5 * ozte of 


mea, pet becaule thee was 
* 8 as ſhe ought to , 
a ber Doren die er, böten epee 
“hiogh : are to ( ö 
te bn F ices acco 
weste bal Saen donee Paint Maloamn the Bi eck 
ed them at the „wee lap. ingeri 
one of Suerthpowe atm aach mee au of he — 
awer whi this bopage at large J war promi 
ed bp the q 
on e 
ang menen afoaetayo nations ofthe of Britons anu Baths, map inpart be fh etl trade bp the 
heir prints, Charles Leigh to the ſayde Illand of Ramea: which allo Len bp the vopage of, Malter 
e ihey maden 83 Drake ban done, as che une Same ag ithe, a 
1 ent and 1 
estate erat tao modale eave, DAO the Dicouaging of oxherg the layd raine. 
e other kind, euercherthelelle albeit hitherto fuccette mſwered 
an eee eee 
e thee es ol our 

wianchehen, IPP SiueRee W yet, hedhie ach. Charles Leighbecet ge Soot Drake the econn of sp, 
fapling to the scome to my knowlepge, ol our owne t haue conducted Eng 2 ought that hither to 
ich had ſome this frulfe of S. Laurence, aud haue t vs true relation of the un ips (0 farce within 
hanging vo of N tench Britaynes,Baskes,aup Biskaines bo perely retuene from the fy Fame which the 
Sand bab oon (Hill and haue bene idle lookerg on. making courtilie wha thoy alete te 
s ble to doc in ‘ nit eponcebetng given, tbo Gouto connie penatesne aeons giue the fir 


intte fachomes 
ſhoze, we had 
our courte ſo 
fart 


— ——— — 
= 9 


— 1 


5 


3 —ů—— —— sar 


5 5 


154. TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations. Si/nefler yee, 
The voyage of the Grace of Briftol of M. Rice Jones, a Barke of thirty 


fiue Tunnes, vp into the Bay of Saint Laurence tothe Northweſt of Nee. 
fonndland, as fatre as the Iſle of Aſumption or Vatiſcotec, for the baibes or tyanes 
of Whales and traine Oyle, made by Silueſter in pet, Shipmaſter of Brſtoll. 


De Cerqatem with the afczeſad Barke manucd with twelue men fop the placea: 
N W forelain from Briſtoll the 4 of April 1594. and feli with Cape d’ktpere on the 
ct ot Newefoundland the nineteneth of May in the height or 47. Wie 
N, 
Kh 
1 2 


A N wenethence lop Cape Raz being vitant from ijence x8 or 19 leagues, theverp 
NEY NEI! fameday. 
Che 20 dap we were thwartof Cape Raz, 


cape Rar. Then we fet our courſe Modth welk for Cape S. Marie, which is viltant from Cape Raz ig 


cap: Mare, leagues, and is ou the Eaſtſide of the great bap of Placentia almoſt at the entrie thereof, 
From thence we taped our courte fo) the Illands of O. Pedro paſling by the bꝛoken Illands 
a Almds of the Marty ers:anb when we were thwart of the fai Illes of the Martyers our courte to the Tiles 
Te Wesef of S. pedto was eit and bp Moreh. In thele Iles of D. Pedro there is a faire harbour which 
B. Pever, we went into wich our barke, and found there 2 ſhips ol Sibiburo fiſhing for Cod: where we ſtaytd 
2 dayes, and tooke in baleſt fo2 our (hip. There are as fatre and tall firre trees growing therein, ag 
in any other part ol Newfoundland, Then wee departed thence, and as we came out of the har 
bours mouth we lain the ſhip vpon the lee, aud in 2 houres (pace we tooke wich our hookes 3 014 
hundred great Cons fo, our pꝛouiſion of our ſhip. Then we departed from the Iſle of S. Pedro 
to enter into che gulffe of S. Laurence betwene Cape Briton and ihe fain Iſle, and fet our courte 
ant de ner. Ieſt Mozth Celt and fel with Cape de Rey which wee found tobe diſtant from the Fes of 


aria ne ,Pedro42 league. From Cape de Rey to Cape de Angullie we fet our courſe opelnoy Fs 
4 48 ol, weit being diſtant thence 12.0213 leagues, From the Cape de Angullie into the Bay of S. a 


George we ran Noꝛtheaſt and by Eaſt fore 18 07 19 leagues, 


the weather but che catke remained Mill, Some part ol che commodtties were ſpoiled by tumblug 


powne of the clifts of the hils, which couered part ofthe talke, and the greater part ol thoſe daha 
lines, which we vnderſtood to be there by foure Spaniards which efcaped, ¢ were bꝛought to S. 
Iohn de Luz. Here we found the houſes of the Bauages, made of frre trees bound together 
the ton and fet row like a Doue-houle, and coucred with the barkes of fire trees, wer loud 
allo fome part of their victuals, which were Deeres fleſh roalted vpon wooden {pits at the fe,. 
€a diſh mane of a ryne of a tree, ſowen together with the ſmowes ot the Deere, wherein was ot 


ok the Deere. There were allo foules called Coꝛmoꝛanta, which they had pulckt and made ready 
to haue wellen, and there we found a wooden ſpoone of their making. And we diſcerned the tracks 
ofthe keete of ſome foztie op ſiftie men, women and childzen. 


Athen we had diſpatched our buſinelle in chis bay ol S. George and ſtayed there ten dayg, 3 


wee departed for the Noꝛchꝛen point of the fain bay, which is nine op ten leagues bioade. Then 


fither fo a time, are woont vſually to hoot chemſelues on (hope on the Ille of Aſſumption, o Ne 
tiſeotec, which liech in the very mouch of the great riuer that runneth vp to Canada, we ſhaped ou 
courte ouer to that long Iſle of Natiſcotee, and wee found the diſtance of the way to the Elitrmul 
ende chereokto be about forty foure leagues: and it ſtandeth iu the latitude of 49. Pere ve ar 
ued about the middeſt af June at the Calk end, and rode in eighteene fadome water in faire white 
ſand and very good ankerage, and fo; tryall heaucd a lyne ouerbooꝛde and found wonderfull fame 
Cbey land on Aud great Cod fichte went allo ſeuen of vs on fore and founn there crreeding fapre great woc, 
the Ale ok ok tall fire trees, and heard and ſawe Stone ol land and feafoules, and ſawe the footing of dius 
Naileoee gates in the land when we were on ſhoꝛe. From the Eatter end we went to the Moꝛther firect 


had ſearched two dayes and a night for the d Ahales which were wounden which we hoped to haue 


found chere, and miffen of our purpole, we returned backe to the Bouthwarde, and were wichn ] gan 


ee ee ge Lire RE we 


= Falmouth 


In this bay of Saint George, we found the wpackes of 2 great Biſkaine hips, which had bare 
taſt away thꝛte peres beloꝛe: where we han ſome ſeuen opeight hundꝛed Tibale finnes, andfome F 
pꝛon bolts and chaines of their mayne fhrouns ¢ fore ſbꝛeudes: al their traine was beaten out ih 


the 18 of 9 
20 we hap { 
knowledge 


© Wiherepor 


remained by 
sat Farrill 
On which d 
but could fin 
abap under 
and chis day! 
mouth of the 
12 by reaſon 
to the Noꝛch 
fore of Cong 


being enfopmen, that the IAhales which are deadly wounded in the grand Bay, and pet efcape the 7 anker againe, 


did bite at leaf 


The 14 we ta 
abundance of a 
© welaw gzeat i 
| Poched nere v 


furie as that wi 
S leagues Cet 


eng in anp place: 


one league of the Illand of Penguin, which lyeth South from the Caltermok part ol Natiſcotet FF 


fome twelue leagues. From the Ile ol Penguin wee ſhaped our courte for Cape de Rey am 
had fight of the Iſland of Cape Briton: then returned wee by the Illes of Saint Pedro, anvlo 
tame into the Bay of Placencia, and arxiued in the Cafterfine hereof ſome ten leagues ee 


here we caugh 


che Alam, wilch ine perceiuen to be buenarroww in vefpect ofthe length theres, Aud afee ba anche bout 


eleapen In this 
of wood but off 
g pooles ; 
Hoy weather. 


tonſozt. and 
5 teranofene ou 


E We company: wh 


U 


M. Charles Leigh, Traffiques and Difcoueries, 


efler Meet. 


eee 195 
tke of thirty inthe Bay among the fithermen of Saint lohn de Luz ard 
welt of Nerve. 


of Sibiburo and of Bi 
were to dhe number of thpeeftope and ope faples, whereof eight thippes on iskay, which 


babes or tynnes 


fall, hn and Sibiburomenbeftowen two Make bp our vopage 
nen for the plate z with Gt, Chen wee departed ouer to the other fide ol the Bay, where we arriued in au harbour 
pe d Efpere en the which is called Peſinare k, and there made cur ſtage aud fithen fo long, that in the ende the Dae 
eight ok 47. We both our pinnette and our ſhippes 
9 leagues, the very for 


tom Cape Raz 19 ( 
ethereok. 


the bzoken Fflanns l 
‘courte to the Files eptember, 1594. 
ire harbour whic) | f ; 
ps where toe a The voyage of M. Charles Leigh, anddiuers others to Cape Bi- 
rowing therein, u ton and the Iſle of Ramen, 
ame out ot the ha- be rio f 
; pewe of London of the burthen ok 12 tunes, ie 

1 ea ene the C 1 of London of the: — — i uns Williams 
50 i »Steuen Bennet, bo 0 
e, and let our cout * e lole and pro: 
’ . per charge of Charles Leigh aud Abraham V H 
191 che 1 0 8 N the lade Charles Leigh himlelke, and Steuen Van ever D 
tour 10 85 11 0 Aͤbraham, going chemſelues in the ſaid ſhips as chiefe ronmumanders of the vopage)departed um 
into the Way ol S. GBtaues · end on Fryday mowing the 8 of Ail 1597. And after ſome hindzances arriuing at 
: ch badbw! Falmouth it Cornewal the 28 ol che ſaid moneth put to fea gate, ind wich protperous wüde 
1 bar che r8of Pay we were bpon the banke of Newfoundland, Che: 9 we loſt che Chancewel The 
le finnes, and uh Lowe h Fight of hum ano cncreo within che bap of Aſſumpuon, where un contrarp th 
pil 1 knowledge fought with a French chip: and afterward in the ame bay wee met with dur con ozt 
poiled hg he © = Aibererpon we petenely put to lea againe: and the Hert day Wwe arriued at Caplen bap where we 
art of thole Che? remained bp ertremttie of foule weather, and to mend apinneg of 7 8 tunes (which was “ets 
were bzought 6 vs at Farrillon by M. Wil. Sayer of Dartmouth the Abmiral of that place) vntill the tare of 
bound eosin On uhich day veparting from thence in che afternoone we put in to Ro neute to ecke S>ballone 
es iP eee 

. ndet the Noꝛchlide of Cape Raz Ced in bp an extreme ftorme, 
ee 1 am chis day we fawa great Wanv of pre, These night be to the C cee ace 


ö : i hancewell in a fog at the 
mouth ok Pl 5 | 
vicernets the teats as: bahia ol Placentia. Che 11 at Sunne letting we had ſight 


tothe f H 
e chere ten duc, the Ranch of Cape Briton in 16 fachome reaſonable ground. 


zues bzoade. Thu anker ; 
pand pet efcapete dt r againe, aud being becalmed 


. ; Ground, and almott as falt ag we could hate them f 
. a The 14 we tame to the z Iſlande of Birds, ſome 2 3 leagues frõ M arge where 
nada, we bp 1 belair nds aa i aloft inccenible co repont. Am ypan then of chele Wands of Bitdg The 2 Thande 
i Song © welaw meat tore of Porflesop fea Oren which were a fleepe vpon the rockes: but when we ay. » ides. 
er 3 gmoched nere vnto them with our boate thep Ebenen into the fea ann puetuen yg with ſuch a 

t he 16 we arri i N 
ene 8 ones Con dener arriued at Brians Aland, which lyeth 
kae dn in any place can be found. In litle mone chen an houre we cau t wi 
: mee : ri 9 1 1 1 dercn noc twas an elle tong ann 9 5 Ned wech neten 

rs e could not hold her in b 

of, Au after un ele Zucht gli to the thip : but when the was aboue waterſhe bent the boote e 


we found exceeding good ground both for corne and meadow 
ch we hoped tobau al wood but of final groweth. Springes of fret water wefound none hee finde 
pie ak 4. poe Spooles ok raine water. The fame day atnight toe wepen anes agu. ee out ome 2 


| . where we 
bane bade dne Pp Lt ubapprocing nee nea he barbmpoug ot ticleke eee eee Meet ic ome fe 
al caro, aw 

enleagues vp ih che 


two 


196 The Engliſh Voyages,Nauigations, AZ. (Charles Leigh, 44. 
— — — — — — . — — — 0 

two of Sibiburo adioyning to Saint lohn de luz being the French Rings ſubiectg, whom they y 1 
ſuppoled to haue bene ol Spaine, and ſo affirmed vnto vs. CAihereupon wee went prefentip into and then 
harbozough, finding but eleuen foote and an halle ol water vpon the barre and a mightie great woe deſir 
current in, when wee had caſt anker we ſent prefendy to ſpeake with the matters of all the ſhipe: boat leſt 
but thofe ouely of Saint Malo came aboopd, whom wee entertained very lriendly, anddemaun: as alſa to 
Deb ol whence the other two ſhippes were. They ſapde as they thought of Saint lohn de Luz ing their 
02 Sibiburo. Then we pꝛelently lent our boate toy the Malters of both the ſayd ſhipyes, to requeſt concludet 
themto come abochd, anv to bring with them their Charters parties and other euidences, to the clock, leat 
ende we might knowe of whence they were. At which mellage one of che fapde Malters came g And as w 
booꝛd, with the Pilote and alters mate of the other ſhippe: whom when we had examincd, they fhopesbucs 
lap that chep were of Sibiburo,aun the French Kings {ubiectes, L cle requetten them fo our bez delluered. 
ker ſeturitie in the harboꝛough peateablp to deliuer vp their powder and munition: pꝛomiſug timethat! 
chem that if we ound them to he the French Rings ſubiecteg it ſhoulde be kept in lafetie for them 8 houres: 
without diminiching. But they woulde not conient thereunto: thereunto we replpen, that ty; proutbence 
lelle they would content thereunto we would hold them to be our enemies, They not conſentung, dur ſhip on 
we ſent the boate well mannen to ketch their powder and munition from aboowe their ſhip: but wind we ce 
ſcraightly commanded our men not to touch any thing elle in che hip vpon cheir further perill; day by nor 
which they pꝛomiſer to perkoꝛme. CU hen they came aboopde the lade thips which were moped the wind at 
together, chep were velitten bp foyce of armes but quickly they got the bictone; which dane, they were cleere 
fell pꝛeſently to pillaging of the Baſkeg, contrary to their pꝛamiſe: whereupon we fent anotha wind kept! 
to fopbidde them but when he came to them, none was moze ready of pillage then he. here had ehetr te 
on A went my ſelle, and tooke away from our men whatſoeuer they had pillaged, and gaue ita to pꝛocure a 
gaine to the owners: onely J ſent abooꝛd our owne thip iheir powder and munition to be keptm [Ete Hope wi 
fafetic until we knew farther what they were. Cher J, had done, J gaue the Balkeg polleſſiunk meflage by 
their thippe agalne and tolve them they ſhould not loole the valewe of one peny ifthey were ! gainſi baz fo 
French Kings ſubiects. Then I carped away all our men, and allo tooke wich me two oziherk Departed, an 
thechteteck ofthem, and when A cameaboory went to exammining of them, and by titcumltantg wuikbin the be 
found one of 1 77 belong to France: whereupon J tolde the mafter of the laid chip, th 22, we put te 
was thoughip fatitBen that he was of France und ſo diſnuſſed him in peace, Or the other thip weather, the! 


bad great prettumption that the was of Spaine, but had uo certaine proofe thercof wherefore b ! against vs, ar 

diltmiſled chem likewiſe in peace. Alter J had thus dilmiſſed them, our ſhips 1 fll in pe Save Briton: 

Mutiiy,and more chen halk of them refoluen to carp one of thofe thips awap. Butthey were pric, trade with the 

tcb of cheir euill purpote by ayde which the laide thips receiucd from their countrepmen m.. ted. To whi 

sinotherbare er harbozaugh: sop the nert morning, which was the rwentieth of June, very early chere wre bel courſe la 
boroughin gathered together out of all the chips in boch harbopoughs,at the leaſt 200 Frenchmen anv Brande Col 
tong, who had planten pon the thonethce pieces ot Oꝛdtnante again vs, and had preparcd cn (outheaſt and! 

ſelucs in al readineſle to fight with vs, which fo ſoone ag we han dilcried them gaue the onſet wn and fwmthe l 

vs with at lealt an hundꝛed mall ſhot out of the woods. There were alfo in a readines to attault ys from the river 

sh chicmith be. About three hunde Sauages, But after we had lkirmiſbed awhile with Wem,wepocurdapa. vutof bur way 
French nen Ley by onc ofthemen of Saint Malo whole hip rowed hard by bs: In which parley they reqund . in one balfe ba 
zwe. Llomeol our min to come on hone onto chem? whereupon wee requetten 9p, Ralph Hill ande waer wich ar 
Woatlwaines mate ro go onſhode to them: whom when they had they detain das pplſontra ay . man ol war fo} 

then regutred the pomder and munition which we had of the Bal kes in polleſſion which weln⸗ T could they tu 

1 reudled vnto them in laketie as our tutent altwayes was, which done, there cameaboors vntous f bop bpon the I 
A new frraton One Captaine Charles who was captaine of the great hip of aint Malo, which rode in the aher Me Menego, wher 
ofthe Bina. harboncugh: who challenged our great boate which we hadat Farrillon to be his. And while we Che 26 we catt 
| Mneee in talke with him about the two Baltes which at eit we thought tobeSpaniards, wees fee “locke in the mo 
almoft bene betraied. Foꝛ the fain Captaine Charles with halfe Adozen more of his company kept told bs that rhei 

themfetues abooy of our thip and belo vs in a talke, while thirtie op ko te others would haue c. lesgues wichint 

tred our thip vnawares from one of the thips of O. Melo, whith pofeiten tobe our friend, eunto . abet one ok the 
whom we thewev all courtetie, But weperceiuing thetr treachercus intent, threamen to ferfiteon being bilged and 

the fain thip, which was then chwart our hawſe from which they would haue entred. By which. bonner come on g 

folution of ours God did dilcourage thé from effecting iheir milcheiuouspurpofes, Mowihelnd men who robbed 

captaine Charles when he ſaw himſelk pꝛeuented of his wicked intents, took his boat prefinilpto Fe Tp Gitta, and bn 

go on ſhoze, and promifen that all things ſhauld be ended in peace betweenc vs. and that he woud FE then in that bitte 

ſend vs our women agatne. But when he was on thope he pʒeitully lent loꝛ our great boat which & Bence and önpea 

be clumed to behis 6 withall commanded vs out ofthe harbozoug h but he tent not dur men asche I rauf to app 
pꝛomiled, we being now the weaker ſide did not only Deliver his boat but allo Determined to be gon lap; where was a 

a une away intot 


les Leigh, 


AA. Charles Leigh, Traffiques and Difcoucrice | 


197 

cts, whom ihey „„ ; 

1 and then requeſted them to help vs with dur anker which twas on tho ezbut they woul 

5 . we defied chem to cut the bent of the cable bpon the anker on Gore (fo? 11 Ke ete hi 

gol all tbe tps malta eber ny Rep fom Dsboth ou beet and men) taht theppromiten too fon vg 

lp, anddemaun, 2s alſo to ſend our men; but when they were on ſhoze they would do neither, Me therefope fees 

int lohn de Luz ing their falchood in euery thing, durſt no longer tarp fop feave of farther treacherp;tubevefore we 

pippes, to requet concluded to cut our cable inthe hawſe; which we did, g ſo departed che harbezom about pol the 

miDences, to the clock, leauing two of our men with our cable ¢anker,and 20 fadoms of a newhawſer behind vs 

Paſters cames Ty. We were going n cher mace great ewes of feienpthip,ano bpanke nto bs from the 

AD examined, hey but more to keare chen loue, and requetten vs to come on hope foꝛ our men, whom then t 

chem for our bet deltuereo, The fame morning in baling auer the barre before the barbozowes mouth, and bp that 

tions promifing dimerhat ag Mea ee op Carne on grund Upon the lands; where te lap fome Nhe ote 
n . ater we trimmed our ſhip wi mea. 

10 cog | Prouinence of God found our Leake which then we foppen Met ea tonsa by ebegret 


not conſenung, 
e cheir fhip 1 wind we could not palſe. But it plealed God to ſend vs faire 


weather all that ni 

further perl: da by none we had gotten our thip cleane ouer the bar. Tbe 21 ra 1 ee rl 0 165 lil tee 
ich were mord be wind avofe ateatt ¢eatfoutheait, we blew right into the bap: which lit had come before we 
vhich done, y were cleere of the bar, we had both Hip and men periſhed in the lands. The fame day, becauſe the 
we ſent another wind kept vs within the bay, we went to the Ille Blanch, where the ſhips ofthe other harbozc w SMe Blanch 0h 
dhe. CAhertip had thetr ſtages: but it was at leaſt two leagues from their ſhips; where we hoped by friendſhi the White Alle. 
d ano gaucita ta procure a thallope ¢ alurance of our cable and anker againe, But when te badapprochen Fit 
nion to be k pen tte hope with our thip, ¢ weaned them witha white flag, chey in lieb of cõmung vnto vs, ſentti iN 
es potfetTian of meflage by a bullet out of apiece of great ozdinance, which they had placed on ſhoze fpu f 75 
15 che werelle gainſt bs; ſo that they would neither ſpeake with vs, noꝛ permit bs to tome nere 1 ae sh 
retwoopthyerst Departed, ano would haue put to fea tine nights but there was much wind or att, which bent ur 
5 A bs at within the bap, ¢ intoꝛced vs to come to an anker vnder Tile Blanch. The next moznin 0 ept vs 
0 id chip, thay 22. we put to ſes, and about 12 ofthe clocke the fame day, the wind being at Rortheas 7 11 ty 
theo td Ship te weather, the matter ſayd he could not plp bp to Grande Colte, becaute ofthe leeſhoze ethe hes d 
ber Ae againſt vs, and therefore ated what we ſhould do. J al ked then how farre we hadto the sleet The riner ot 
voce fellintog ccape Bricon : he ſayd a little wap, Then ſapd J, Tithe nat karre, we were belt to go thithe ap¢ Briton, , 
5 ave 00 rrade with the Bauages white the wind is contrary, and to take in water ¢ baliſt which 5 67 
i hae 1 tio ted. To which the mager fapo, that if A would be would carp bs thither, E thinking it tobe 
11 chere wn bel courſe . ſayd A was content, fo karre forth as that from thence we tooke the firtt fatve wi Pa 
gl a I Grande Coſte. Dereuponthe matter willed him at the helme ta keepe his courte foutheatt ane 
Dyneparcothm fey uuthealt and bp ſoucb. WPrefenitp after J atken him bow many leagues we had to the ſapd river 
1 9 575 vn and krom the ſayd riuer to Grande Coſte. Pe then ayd that we had o leagues to the riuer U 

to all wu tſtom the riuer to Grande Cofte 120 leagues, Dereupon J ſaid I would not conſent to 0 f ‘a 
ane curidapn. fe outofour wax, but willed him to keep his directeſt courte fo Grande he 


Cofte; whi 
lep they requrn fe Mone balfe baure after werds the 23 pap the gunner and company of the p I ihe 
ph Hil and ie mach oth a requedt in waiting toveturne Fo England a} to goe koʒ the IAllandsok Acores fo) g 
10 kloncrs ad man OF war fo2 chep would not proceed on their voyage to Grande 
n: which we furs = ba f eat Their a fh 
v bpon the Ille of Cape Briton for water. The 25 we arriued inthe nee 
1 Mlenego, where we left ſome cal ke on hope ma landp bay, but c b een fa obe Sie of debe 
„ And whilewe Fi locke in the moꝛning we mice with Chea7 about terme of the 
iards, wech fee eigghe men of the Chancewell our conta tina ; 

iscompenp he bob bs thar heir chip was calt away bpon the maine of Cape Brton,wiching area bape cal zaps 
n atenmee ens fve nies ego 

| to ie und that they had cleered their fr . f 
. being bilged and full of water, they pꝛeſently did run her vp into a corny bee, 4 
ed. By which. fooner come on gro bur paefentip after there came aboord many ſhallops wi 
0 5 ow the ß men who robbed and ſpoiled all they could lay bands on, pillaging the 
boat prefintipy . "Pitts, ano bling chem in luuagemaner: whereas they ſhould rath 
no that he wont them in that viſtreſle 


great boat which 


raculoufly to apo and comfogt them. LOUgHE bs thitber fo mie 
111... ͤ ͤ ͤ ake Cove 
f aun fee "ne away into the moods, But che matter thereof ere Weodsontys 


ſtayen 


ae 


198 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, AA. (harles Leign, 


Ha 
of Cape Briton 
come abooyD 
ot our (hip. 


˖ ip. and came abooꝛd of vs: whom we vſed well not taking any thing from him that 
poole 7 ſuch 45 we could ſinde ol our owne. And when we had diſpatched our 
bulineſle, we gaue him one good cable one olde cable and an anker, one ſhallop with malt, lailes, 
and other furniture, and other things which belonged to the hip. In recompenle whereof he gaue 
vs two hogſheads of lider, one barrell of peaze, and 25 ſtogeof ith, The 29 beumes in the mozn ; 
ing we departed from that road toward a great Vil kaine ſome 7 leagues off of 300 tun, whole 
men Dealt mold og gedly with che Chancewels company, The Came night we ankered at the 
mouthok the barbozow, where the Bitkain was, The zo betimes in the mozning we put into 
the harboꝛow; and appꝛoching nere their Rage, we ſaw it vncouered, and ſo fufpecten the ſhip to 
be gone: whereupon we ſent our pinneſſe on thoze with a dozen men, who when they came, found 


great ſtoꝛe of ily on thore but all the men were fled: neither could they perceiue whether the hip | 


» but as they tbought to lea, This day about twelue of the clocke we tooke a Sa: 
wae 1 our e : but all the Sauages ran away into the woods, and our men 
brought their boat on boozd. The Came dap in the afternoone we brought our hip to an anker in 
the harboꝛow: and the lame dap we tooke thꝛee hogſheads and an halke of traine, and ſome 300 
ok greene fith, Allo in the euening thee of the Sauages, whole boat we had, came vnto vs fo) 
their boat; to whom we gaue coats and kniues, and reſlozed them their boat againe. Che nert 
Day being the lirſt of July, the reſt of the Sauages came vnto vs, among whom was their king, 
whole name was Itarey, aud their queene, to whom allo we gaue coats and kniues, and other tr: 


Cibo an perba· les, Theſe Sauages called the harboꝛow Cibo. Juthis place are the greateſt multitudeoklob⸗ 


rom tu the 
af Cape Briton, 


New Port. 


Port logles. 


Ae tors that euer we heard ok: fo we caught at one bawle with a little dꝛaw net aboue 140. The 


uly in the mo ming we departed from Cibo. and the fift we caſt anker in a reaſons 
i bn ne New Pendant an Illand Come eight leagues from Cibo, and within 
three leagues fromthe Englich pozt. At this place in purſuing certaine ſhallops of a {hip of Ro. 
chel, one of them tame abooꝛd, wha told vs, that the Biſkainer whom we ſought, was in the Eng ⸗ 
lich port wich two Biſkainers moze , and two chips ol Rochel. Chereupon wee ſent ene ofour 
men in the Nochellers ſwallopto parle with the admiral ¢ others our friends in the Engliſh pot, 
requeſting them ayd fo? the recoue ry of our things, which the other Hip called the Santa Maria 
of S. Vincent (whereok was Maſter Johannes de Harte, and Pilot Adame de Lauandote) bay 
robbed from the Chancewell. To which they anſwered that il we would cone in vnto them in 
peace, thep would alliſt vs what they might. This anlwere we had the firt day: and the ſcuenth 
in the fognoone we arriued in the Engliſh pozt, and caſt anker aloofe from the other ſhips: which 
done, J went abooꝛd the Abmirall, to delice the performance of his promife : who ſent foꝛ Ioban. 
nes de Harte, who was contented to reſtoze moſt ot our things againe: whereupon J went a 
booꝛd his Hip to haue them reſtoꝛed. This day and the eighih I (pent in pꝛocuring ſuch thing 
as they bad robbed; but yet in the end we wanted a great part thereof, Chen we were biet 
with them, and willed them either ts reloze vs the ret of our things which they bad, oz cls we 
would both infoꝛce them to doe it, and alſo haue fatiffaction fog our bictuals and merchandilez 
which by their meanes were lok in the Chance well. The ninth in the moaning wee preparen 
our ſip to goe neere vnto them. Cbereupon their Avmirall ſent his boat abooyd, and defiredto 
ſpeake with mee: then J went aboozd vnto him, and deſired to haue our things with peace an 
quietneſſe, pꝛoffering to make him and the Malters of the two ſhips of Rochel our vmpires, aud 
what they ſhould aduiſe J would ſtend vnto. Peereupon he went aboogd the other hip to make 
peace; but they would heare no reaſon, neither pet condefcendto reſtoze any thing els which 
they had ok ours. Then A deſired that as J came in peace vnto them, they would fo fet me abo 
my Chip againe: which they denied to doe, but moſt vniullly detained me and Stephen van Het- 
wicke who was with me. A while after our Mhallop came with foure men to know how J vip, 
and to letch me abooꝛd: but ſo ſoone as the came to the Admirals Lips fine, his men entre, and 
tooke her away, detaining our men allo as pꝛiſoners with vs. Then pꝛeſently all the thꝛte Bib 
kainers made toward our hip, which was not careleſſe to get the winde of hem all: and hauing 
by the mercy of God obtained the ſame, thee then ſtayed fop tbim: but when they fain they had 
lof their aduantage, they pꝛelently turned their courſe, making as great halte in againe as they 
did out befoꝛe. Afterwards J attempted twile to goe abooꝛd, but was ſlill enfoꝛted backe by the 
two other Bickeiners, who ſought our liues: ſo that in the end the Matter of the Admirall was 


„ 


Bue 
fe 
o 
a5 
$ 
5 
5 


ae 

a 
a 
a 


euill deal 
the winde 
wee took 
finde a S 
had light e 
we madet 
kogge, thy 
thinking tt 
teene katht 
ing it pleal 
found our! 
about one! 
very roont 
before wet 
euening we 
teene ment 
entrance of 
dap, the Ma 
meet our fh 
weather to 
leagues tol 
Balks ofS, 
ces (hauing 
them ouertar 
ſently made! 


vnlelle they r 


laſt vpon M. 


ppon conditio 


pons peaceab 
great violent 


and vſing then 


wegpons, th 
Laurence, w. 


bur pꝛize aw. 


lop came aboc 
recited, as att 


pn: ſoners, and 


moſt any appa 


3 we tooke with 


ech ofthem xi 
The ſame day 
other of his mei 
The 23 captan 
Opanyard, wh 


woe let ſaile frat 
the harbozow of 


Vbnbopew, Ile 


infoꝛced to man his great boat to waft vs: and pet no: withſtanding they bent a niece of gresto ⸗ 


at vs: fo we were to paſle by them vnto our ſbip: but we reſcued our ſhallop vnder ous 
Malers resi beet and boten meanes paſſed infafety, Che next mozning being the tenthol 
the moneth, we purpofenif the winde had ſerued our turne, to haue made ehem to 2 


the enemy. Th 


> thereof we eſpie 
they bad ſurpziſe 
boꝛow, thereof, 
the RNochellers, ! 


tatertilie him chy 
This mellage be 
gan with vs with 
And we allo ſent 
in a ſhallop to ent 


f bpowe hip might 


Ww 


les Leigh. 


— 


A. Charles Leigh. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 


; j ing, and to reftore vs aur otone againe, 0) els to baue luncketheir thips if we cout, But 
ig trom him that pik a ah not aur ume koz that purpoſe; but caried vs to ſea: fo that the Came moznin 
17 5 0 = wee tooke bur courte cowar the bap of S. Laurence in Newfoundland : where wer hopenta aber Devarten 
ith 1 . 1 finde a Spaniſb chip, which as we had intellt ce, did fich ar that plate. The thirteenth day we enn e 
e be gene had ſight of O. Peters Winds, And the foureteenth dap bel foray arty mig weather, while SHEN 
sd pity we made towards che la we ſent dur ſpallop before the bn oer bangers: But in cr icin i 
I ; tthe fogue, through the mens negligence which were th bet’, the vs: pet we kept on our cott, 
e eee thinking that although we votriy not feetbein, per they mie fee our r dend comin tuto ite 

oat a | teens kathoms water we rack anker, ſüppolmg our lelues t bbe nere the ope: and in the euen⸗ 

ecter the — | le vs ke; the {pace Of one quarter of an houte clere weather, by whieh we 
bepcame, nts faped, and alto had fight of our Chaltop, which was ar the point of a la 

vhether the St gite (rom is, The lame night we went further into the ſame bay, where we 10 

we tooke a Sa ing. Ehe gtrench we wene on ſhope, and in hat place Fount fooring of ect, 

8, and 161 before we teturned we keller one. Che FigGreenth te Departed roward O. Laurence: the fame 

p to an anker in Laurence, and ert off our bond in the night with vut Pacer mdr 
Tea 10 : teene men to ſurpitle the Sputpard, Which layin Lit D. Laurence; who pꝛeſently vpon the un Spanilh 
e yo entranteolour men fürrendzed op heir thi anh Shods, Chenineteench inthe moining tefdee ‘ip taken, 
Mut. Ede nm dap done e of cur np cbewo me ahdthace Spanende took boat and tame foorth ta 

was their king, ee mee but being koggy, be call ander bp the mouth ok the barbozow (thinhinge in kate 

, and other u- 1 Hip, which thꝛoligh the current dhe ep rener was put five ox fire 
twlcicubeotloy Hig they were atanker in Tie bane thep wers lurppitto again bp eetsnine 

oue 140. The a alk Who were in Gent S. Laurence hard by, V hele Balles with their koz⸗ 

rina realon- ente bp one oF the Opanpards, who fleeping on tore, efcayen vnte 

ibo, and within a he fitdoen lurpꝛiled the fap boat wich our Malter and others: and then pres 

ol a ſbip ot Ro. a but our men abobꝛb defender them ok. Inthe end thep thgestned r flog. 
as in the Eng- 3 hey would kills). Crafton amd oitr other men beloze their epes. Saat V. cn 
eſentene ofour 1 treaty and our mens, to laue their tities, they perlded vp the thin againe 

eEnglich pot, popon conditton that thep ſpould not iniurp any of our men, bitt thould let them al with their weg 

he Santa Maria | 2 pons peaceably depart : pet when our PO en nee bnake chee couenane, perten 
auandote) ho ene chꝛeatning to kill them, diſarming them, ripping their clothes 15 their backs, 

in vnto them in 4 and bling thenr moze like dogs then men. After they had thus robbed dur men cheit pitze and 

and the ſcurnd i wespons, they prefentlptowen the thippe with thetr boats hut ofthat barbozow into Bache D. 

erthips: which Laurence, where their owne thippes did ride, and within leffe then an hottre after they had caried 

ſent foz Johan. 5 ‘ ed in the bay: where akter we had bene a while ar anker, dur ſhal⸗ 
upon J went a noſt partof dur lirteene men, who tulde bs the whole ſcoꝛy before 

ng ſuch things urence havearien away our Maſtet, and Stephen van Herwicke 

we were bziefe : our men on fhoge in the woods, withou either meat, dꝛintte, oꝛ ats 

bad, orels ne zo allour men came aboorn, ettept the ting Milonerv: and the lame bay 

d merchandiſes ea 8 threc of the Spanpards thaltopg; ‘With fue hogſheads of traine vile in 

wee picpaed ech of them, x in one boat koure Spanpards; but the men vk the other two Hhatlops fled on thore 

2 anbdeficests Pater of oneokthe tips Which was in the barbopow with three 

with peace any ined puloners to ranfome M. Crafton Stephen van Herwick, 

ir vmpires, and : nt them aboozd, and we alſo releaſed all our pꝛiſonerg, except one 

er hip to mae Spanpard, whe tlwalne of the Spaniſh hip, whom we bert with vs: and the fame tay 

bing eis which fai 4 Webad abuice of our Spanparvok certain Leagers which were in 

o fet me aboow 8 Ww ofc Mhereuponthe fame night, being within five oz fir leagues ok the Shedardorots 
phen van fler. Hallops wih chirty men to véteouer the bart ra fate OF Cape Ss Marla 
ow how J pid, 3 zning we appꝛoched the horboꝛow with our th, and in the out 

nen entre un f b8,ttvo whereof were ours, and the ird of a chip ok Rochel, whtch 

Uthe three Bits a fitp ufen wi men in her: who told them that thete were but rio iin the har⸗ 

all: and hauing 5 Rochel, and theother of Bell ifle, And as we were vilco with’ 

ey foto they had ’ ocheller t ok the Hips: whereupon we lee dur boat abooꝛd the che Ro eller 

eri 1 5 fie hy bis ftiends, and to requett hemnot ror 

ted backe 


Admirall was N This mellage being lent, made all the hac we cou 
e a 


tb brit the thigro Bat ite: thie tet 


g z ieh ark be⸗ 

Fm with us with three cham en bee ROI, ebb a 

lere ol greste? dno elf let one inte them: then being appoched nere vnto thet ten 02 kwwelue of be kene 
allo nder it n aſſhalap to enter them. and we carfed allo a Warpe with bs to made fat unkotheir ip, wheres 
ing the tentho bpour Hip might the better come bp to apo vs, And when Weboogbed them moun boar, they be⸗ 
10 e 1 * R 2 tocke 


200 


4 Anton hip 
of 200 tunnas 
talen. 


The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, AZ Charles Leigb. | 


cooke themfelues ta their clole fights, plaping chiefly upon vs with dot ¢pikes out at two po, 
between which we entred very dangeroully, eicaping neere Dangers boch by hot ¢pike, Some 


ol our men were wounded, but no great harme was done. And mine owne piece in entring, wag 


thot out ol mp hand into the lea; which dot allo burſt one five of the ladder, by which Bentren, 


Me had not long bene aboord , but the · N the belpe ol God we cauſed them to peeld vnto our 
mercp. There were of them in the Hip aboue ſoty men, mol whereof we ſent abooꝛd of cut 
thippe, there to be kept in holde, iuieh onder to our chppurgionto dele the wounded men, one ll 
which was wounded vnto death. That done, we had chen time to vie waur prise, which we found 


of great defence, aud a notable Grong Chip, almoſt t wo hundzed tun in burden, very well appon. - 


ted, and in all thing ſitted loꝛ a man ot warre. Then had alſo fourctecne oz fifteene menmoy, | 


which were then ablent from the Hip; otherwile me would baue bar che hoter fight, The lame 
day we got our lailes to the yard, and our top maſts on end, and tiggep che ſbippe iohat we could 
he 26 day we got ſome oile aboozd, and ihere we tarled vntill che ſecond of Augud, fitting our 
ſeluas for the lea, and getting fith abaozd as weather ſerued vs. During our above there we oi: 


uided our men, and appointed to ech hip their companx any ſelle and mp friends being reſolued io 5 


take our paſſage in the prise; wherein when we were ſbippev, and the company, there arole grew 
emmitp againſt vs bp the other thippe which alterward was quicten, Che fecond dap ot q ugul, 
hauing taken in wat er and woad, we put to lea Ecom that harboꝛow in company of the Hopewell, 
with purpole to go directlp to Parlican, which is an harbo ow in the Noꝛth part ol Newfound. 
land, where we expected another palate But when we came to fea we found our ſailes ſo olde, 
dur ropes ſo roten, and our pꝛouſ ſion of bread and v inte ſo thozt, as that we were conſtrained io 
make our reſolution directly fo England ; whereupon we dpew out sur reaſons the fourth day of 
Ausutt, aud fenc them absorb the Hopewell, to cercifie them che cauſe of our teſolution fo Eng. 
land: wherat they were generally 3 — v thinking and faping, that we in thepꝛize went abou 
tocoufinany deceiue them. Toconclure, they ſent vs word tbatthey would keepe vs comp 

fo2 England. But J bad giuen William Crafton tommillion before to go fox the 2 lands of the 
Apores, and there to ſpend his viccuats fora manof watre. The next day being the fife of qugul 
bauing a faire winde, we put off Fromebe coat of Newfoundland, and kept dur courte directly 
lo; England, the Hopewell keeping vs company vntill midd ap, whenas hauing loft vs in a fogyr, 
fhe thot off two pieces of ondinance, and we anſ were her with thyce : afterwards we {pake not 
with her, 4 — che went fo) the Allands. The 27 ol Auguſt, dꝛawing neere the coatt of 
England. ue ſounden and found ground at ſeuenty fadoms. Dome of the marine rs thinking we 
were in Briſto w chaunell. and other in Silly channell: fo that thaough variety of tungenteats any 
euill marinerſhix we were faine to dance the hay foure daytz together, Cometimes running to the 
Noꝛtheaſt, ſometimes to the Souiheaſt, chen againe tothe Catt, and Eaſtnoztheaſt. T bus did 
we ſpend faire winds, and loſe our teme vntill the laſt of Auguſt. Andthen it pleaſen God that we 
fell with the Aland of Lundy within the channell of Briftoll; from whence we ſhaped our courte: 
andaftcr diners Dangers, the third ol September we met with the Tramontane of the Nucene 
off of Dartmouth to the captaine vohereot we gaue certaine things that he had need ol. The lit 
ol September J landed on the outlive of the MMe of Wight, and within few dayes after it pleaten 
aun the ſhip in laletyto London, where the was made prize as belonging to the enemies 

this land. 


Certaine obſeruntions touching the countreys and places where we trauelled. 


ry rocky: and vpon it there is great Cope ot firre trees, and in ſome places red: and 
about the (hope it hath great abundance ok cod liſh. Lie were on land in it in foure 


ee Newfoundland tue found very ſubtert to fog and mitts, Che groundof itis 


ſeuerall places: 1 At Caplin bay and Farrillon: 2 At Cape Rafer 3 Atthe bare 


footw of Lano inbich lieth foure leagues to thy Melt Lepond Cape Laurence: 4 At S. M. 


tie f 

5 Tie: Sflanv of Menego ko the foile is much like Newfoundland, but the fith about it, as allo 
thozowout the Grande Bay within Cape Briton, is much larger and better then that of the New- 
foundland, his Alland ts {cant tino leagues long, and berp narrow. In the mini of it, a great 
ee poole, Pere we were thꝛiſe on ſhoze: once at the Catt fine, an 

at the e 

be thꝛee Glands of birds are landy red, but with the multitune of birds vpon them they looke 

mite. The birds lit there as thicke as lionen lie in a paued lreet. Che greateñ W 


1 mien 
EB eberri 


Chancew 


port: 4 
Concer 


a peeldet 


A erousheb 


ty commod 


| CERT 


Difco 


E 4 


N naVilta, Oke 
Freut Core of et 


kalled D. Kath 


Bada: 
= anvdpellen our 


arles Leigh, 


— 


es out at two ports, 1 
hot ¢pike, Dome 


ece in entring, was 


by which J entred, a 


n to peeld vnto our 


Cent abooꝛd of cu Be 


12 5 


our ſailes ſo olde, 
vere conſtrained io 
ig the fourth day of 
eſolution fo2 Eng. 


eprize went abe 


heepe vs company 
the JUands of the 
the lift of agua, 
ur courte directly 
loft vs in a fogge, 
ards we fpake not 
nere the coat of 
e thinking we 

iudgements, un 
nes running to the 
thea, Thus did 
paled God that we 
haped our courte: 
ne of the Mucene 
needof, The ft 
es after it pleaten 
ng to the enemies 


2 we trauelled. 


ground ot itis hee 
e places red: un 
land in it in foure 
ei 3 Acthe bare 


4 At O. Ma b 5 


h about it, as alto 
a that of the New. 
midſt of it, a great 


he Catt fine, un i 


them they looke 


6 | 
eee 


— 


AA. Charles Leigb. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 
we COU 


abouta mile in campaſſe. The ſrcond is little leſſe. The chiro is a very li 
mucke. Beebe ſecond of there thace lay onthe thore che Munch pour . Cap .— 
1 a. e Which When our bout came nece chem prefentty made into che lea and foam afer che 


+ Te bath inte tore ok lire trees, 
tchece ie 
Wee inn ote age Soe oft tothe hee leagues in compatte, dere we were on 
irre trees. It ſeemech to be in length about twelue oꝛ tteene league ei Neger 
inbarbovoly, but not on ſhoze, which we much deſit tabaue bene: but eheconfice 
Theat Blanche Wetter Aer to polen neh betove, preuencen yg, 
e Blanche e ſeemet of 
Eee ies alopeſapd, but ſomewhat lee, — ee ol it to be muchitke 
at anker. 


tt, but rode betope ie 
Theland ol Cape Briton we found to be fometwhat like the Newfou dla 
ter. Pere toward the Tet end ofit we fay the clouds lie lower then the 927 eee 
Cape Laurence in Newfoundland, The Catterlp endofthe land of Cape Bri 


high land, as the Melt. Me went on ſoze pon it in ue places: x tthe bap —ꝗ —4 


Chance well was taſt aap: 2 At Cibo: 3 At a little Ifland b i 
port: 4 At the New port s And 5 at Port In gles, oz the Cony gig Cibo and the New 


fe 


a peeldeth great abundance of fich of diuers foxes, 
though Aca of man, plenty of all kinde of o 


protfer, 


Charles Lei gh. 


} CERTAINE VOYAGES CONTAINING THE 
Diſcouerie of the Gulfe of Sainct Laurence to the Weſtof New. 
a feundland, and from thence vp the riuer of Canada, to Hochelaga, S4. 
: uenq, and other places: with a defcription ofthe cemperatureofthe 
0 climate, the difpofition of the people, the nature, com. 
: modities, and riches of the ſoile, and other 
matters of ſpec lall moment, 


; The firſt relation of Iz nes (arthier of S. Male th 5 : . 
1 led New France, aha rae in theyere sae lenin ad cal 


the 


How M. Jaques Carthier departed from the Pon of S. Malo, witht : 
Newfoundland, and ho he entred into the Pott of; Mpa and cameco 


wona Uifta, . 
: Fter that Dit Charles of Mou knight low of Meyil a 
titall of France had cu Co eter a 
i i felueg 

idan Ring of France, 
che twenti 


n in larttude 48 deg add abalfy, aud in 
Rente nat Bere 


eee en 


Rs How 


How we came to the Iſland of Birds,andof the great quantity ofbirds that chere be, 


and by Cait from the cape of Buona Viſta vntil we came to the Filand of Birds, which wag 
entiironed about with a banke of ice, but bꝛoken and crackt: not withſtanding the ſapd banke our 
two boats went thither to take in ſome birds, whercok there is ſuch plenty, that vnleſſe a man did 
fee them, he would thinke it an incredible thing: for albeit the Tland (which contancth about z 
league in circuit) be lo full of them, that they letme to haue bene bought thither, and ſo we d to 
the nonce, yet ate there an hund ed folbe as many houering about it as within; ſeme ol tbe which 
are as big as iayes, blacke and white, with beaks like vnto crowes: they lie alwayes vpon the len 
they cannot flie very high, becaule their wings are fo little, and no bigger then halfe ones hand, 


Abe Fie of 
Birds. 


pet do they flic as Cwiftly as any birds of the aire Ituell to tbe water; thep are alſo exceeding fat, | 
we named them Apotath. In leſle then halfe an houre we filled two boats full of them, as it i 
had bene with Hones : fo that belides them which we did cat freth, cuery Ship did powder ndl 


fiue dz ſixe barrels full ot them. : 


Oftwo ſon of birds, the one called Godete, the other AZargan/x; and how we came to 
7001 Car. eee ' ‘ 
tines thele, there is another kinde of birds which houer in the aire, and over the fea, leſſet 
Ithen the others; andthele doe all gather chemfelucs together in the Alland, and put chem: 
ſelues under the wings of other birds thut ate greater: tbele we named Goderz. There are allo 
another fost, but bigger, and white, which bite euen as dogs: thole we named Margaulx, Any 
albeit the layd Illand be 14 leagues from the maine land, t withſtanding beates come ſwim⸗ 
Mitty thither to eat ofthe ſayd birds: and our men found one there as great as any cow, and aß 
white as any wan, who in their pꝛeſente leapt into the lea; ann vpon Mbitſunn undep (follow: 
ing our voyage toward the land) we met her by the way, lwimming toward land as ſwiftiyes 
we could faile. So ſoone as we fatw her, we purlued her with our boats, and by maine ſtrength 
tooke her, whole fleſh was as good to be eaten as the fleſh of a calfe of two peres olde. Che Wier: 
bb een being the 27 ofthe moneth, we came to the entrance of the boy of the Calle 
but becauſe the weather hiag il, and tho great ftage of ice we Found, we were conſtrained to entry 
into an harboꝛom about the ſapd entrance called Carpunt, where, betauſe we could not come out 
of it, we Rapen til the ninth ol June, tohat time we Departed, hoping ta<h the helpe OF God to fae 
further then the layd Zarpunt, which is in latitude 31 dgrees. 


The defeription of Newfoundland, ftom Cape Raxo to Cape Degrad. 
12 land from Cape Razo to Cape Degrad, which is the point of the entrance ofthe bay thut 
trendeth from head to head toward Mozthnoztheaſt, and Southlouthweſt. All this parte 
land is parte into Iflands one ſo nere the sther, that there are but ſmall riuces bettwceneghem; 
merheim pf with little boats, and thetefoze there are tertaine goob harbt⸗ 
roms, among which are thoſe ol Carpunt and Degred, In one of theſe Wands that is the high: 
eft of them all, being the top of it you may plainly fee the iwo low Iſlands that are nere to Cape 
Nazo, ftom 1 to the pops ol Catpunt they count it ſlue and twenty leagues; and there are 
two entrances thereat, one on the Eaſt, the other on the South five of the Aſland. But pou mull 
pi J 75 the lide qt pont of the Catt, bt cauſe that euery there there is nothing els but thelues, 
Uh water is very Hallow : pou Mut go abdut the J flanntoward the Wen che length of balfe 
le oz thereabouk, and then ae toward the Bouch to the Layo Carpunt. Allo pou att is 
een of three helues that are inthe chanel vnder the watet; and toward ihe Bland on the 
Cat ide in the chanell the water isofthiee oz koure kant me deepe ann cleere ground. Che oft 
teemech cotpard Cadticrthcalt and on the Cte pou map goonthore, : 
e e, “Ofthe Ifland which nod is called S. Larberin Mand, n 

Quan krom the point Degrad. and entring into the fapp bay to ward the Melt ¢ by Neth: 
UAtbere is ſome doubt of two J lands that ate on the right five, one of the which is dillant 
kramihe fayd point three leagues and the other ſeuen, either moze oz lelſe tlen the firlt, beings 
lers end plaine lann, 8d it ſecmeikh te be bert af atze maine lend: J named it Saint Katherines 
nd u which, towerd the Nantheaſi there is very dap ſoile : but about a quarter of alcague 
Econ it, very ill ground, ſo that pou mut go a little about, The fap Alland the Wort Wen 

wroll ‘ tt 


2 
4 tobite 


202 The Engliſh Voyages,Nauigations,laques Cart hier. , 


Vio the 21 of May the winde being in the IAleſt, we hoifen faile, and ſailed toward Aon} 1 


Faqut 
trend ton 
Fromthe 
that trend 
about two 
the depth! 
Sands tou 
bout 3. lea 


mmm 
2 


which is ca 
detz, and er 
euen as C. 
paſſage fou 
the ſaid No 
is in lat icud 
are manp ot 
Aands do te 
cher lands al 


How we 
we p. 

ö tell th 
f Non the 
mith wa 
Seruice bein 
harbozoughes 
number that i 
the ſaid Port, 
duc ke egges, 


Ofthe Por: 
Lame. 


the Shuthwel 
vp a Croſſe, ant 
about one leagu 
lttle Jlands tha 
ter riuer in wit 
aid tiuer, we l. 
thought to haue 
| approhewnecere 
| the (ato riutrof: 
med it Taniey C: 
great tömmoditt 
atin a plate t fo 
| earth: pet went 
but moſſe and lin 
th ttbis was the} 
mo bigneſle ber 
but a wooden pint 
kettaine birdes fe 
but chat the wont 
their wales girde 


st 
(art hier. 


lat there be. 


dtoward Mon 
zirds, u hich wag 
¢fapd bauke, dur 
vnleſſe a man did 
mtaincth about a 
r, and ſo wid in 
eme of the which 
des vpon the lea; 
halfe ones hand, 


o excet ding lat; | 
kthem, as it i, 
pokoderandfat | 


ie came to 


er the fea, leſſn 
und put them. 
There are allo 
Margaulx, Am 
res come ſwin· 
my cow, and as 
undep (follow 
nd as {wiftipas 
maine frength 
be, The Wied: 
pofthe Callies; 
Rrainedto entit 
ID not come out 
e OF God to faite 


d. 

eokthe bay that 
All this partof 
et weengghem; 
ithe goob harbo 
hat is the high: 
re nere to Cape 
; ond there are 
But pou mull 
els but ſhelues, 
e length of helle 
Alſo pou art is 
e Bland on the 
und. The other 


ett ¢ bp un: 
which is dillant 
he xt, beige 


aint Katherine: 


ter of alcague 
Wort of Calles 
trend 


© litle Alends that glue notice co the fain Boꝛts. Further about two leagues 


thought to haue gone a liſhing: but the Matmers knew not where they wert. Me with ott boats 8 


med it lames Catthiers Sound. It the loile were as dpood as pam ta r 


but moſſe and ſinall thoꝛnes ſeattered here and there, withered and dop, 


p Mheit wales girded: they paint themlelues with certaine Roan colours : their boates are made 


Faques (arthier 1. Traffiques & Dilcoueries, 2035 
trend toward nch nozcheaſt, and South ſouthweſl, and they are about 5 72 = 
F comtbe lain pott at Galtles to th: pope of Gutte, which ts inehe nontherne p phe f the Gu Baye sa 
that trendech toward Cat noꝛtheaſt, and Cet fouthwet,there are 1 2 leagues ano an halfe: and 

about two leagues from the port of Balances, that is to fap, the third part thwort the laide Bap 

the depth being founded it is about 38.fabomes : and from the fain bolt of Balances tothe white dase se bien, 03 
Sands toward TA: fouchwett here iss sdeagues,but vou muſt take heed of a cha lle that lyeth a⸗ due sands, 
bout 3 Leagues out ward fré the laid white Sands on the Southwelk lide aboue water ikea boat. 


Ofthe place called Blanc Sablon,or the white Sand :of the Vand of Brest, and of the Mand 


ri ea the ſoris and quantitie of birds that there are found: aud of the Port called 


bite Sandiga Roan in the which there is no place guarded from the + fouthe 
WV ice: But coward South fouthwett from the faive roan there are idle 
which is called Breſt J laum. and the other the land of Birds, in which there is Great Hope of Go⸗ 
der, and crowes with red be akes and red feete: they make their nelles in holes vnder the ground 
tuen as C ules. A point of land being paſled about a league from white Sand, there is a Bozt and 
paſſage found called the lſlettes. a better place then white Sand: and there is great ſiſhung. From 
the Cato Pare of the Iſlettes onto another called Breſl, the ctecutt és about ten leagues, This Poꝛzt Bre? g place to 
Sin Lactcube 51. degrees and 55. minutes, and in longitude“, From the Illettes to that pl. ce there d Maton 
4 ing other — 5 a rie ye 1055 of Breft is 117 among tt thole Jlants. Poel uer the N 
nds do compaſſe mo J. agues trom the laid Breft, ˖ l 
ther lands aboue menuoner feene, " einm Won aout em theo 


How we with our hips entredintothe Port of Breff li aad 915 
wepafledamidiithe iets; gg Of Breff,and fayling onward toward the Welk 


ere { 
tell chem: and how we named them the Herren? ‘ofumber thetic was not potfible co 


WPonthe 10. of Jute wee with our thins entred into the Poꝛt of Breft, to furnith our lei 
to tu 
wih water and wood. and to make vs ready to palle the faine Bap. chen Le 
Seruice being heard, we with our boats went bepond the fain Wort toward the welt to ſee what 
barbozoughes were there: wee palled through the midſt of the! ſlettes, which were lo mam in 
number that ¢ toas noe pallible thep migbt be rolde, fop they continued about 10. leagues beyond 
the Cato Port. Ile to reũ our {clues ſtayed in one of thema night, and ther P 


e we fi 
ducke egges, and other birds that there da make their n. 2, we named them all The lene N 


Ofthe Port called S. Autonies Port S.Serwans Port lames Cartiers p. the rine 
i f 28˙0 80 > orteof h 
James: of the cultomes and apparell ofthe inhabitauts in the land 90780 ee Me 


Te here day we pallen the ſain Nands, and beyond them all we found a 
S. Antonies Hauen, and one 0} two leagues bepond wee found 


the Wuthwelk coal chat is bet weene two other Jlandg and gh. L a 
vp a Croſſe, and named it S Setuons Port: and on the Southwett 2 15 


about one league there is a mall ZF: 5 us round as an Duen, enuuroncd about 


ter riuef in which we tooke good ope of lalmon, that we natned S. his Ri 
fat riuer, we faw a thip of Rochel that the night befoze bappatien che: ee ns 7 The riuer ofs. 


bitT : batbonoughes are; it were a 
geat Cottimioditte: bus it is not to be called The new Land, bat rather ſtones e cragge 

b b 8 a b and wilde 

and a plate kit foꝛ wilde beaſtes, fox in all the Moꝛth Nand J dib not ſee a Carr: abof aoe 


earth: yet went J on ſhoare in many plates, and in the and ok White Sand, there is nothing elie 


thit this was the land that God allotteb to Caine. There are men of an . 8 


aud bigneſſe bir wilde and vnrulyt they weare cheirthuretied on the top like a myeathaf hay, aud 
utaweoder aud withthem they binde 


‘it ‘ Nites ag well t ra 
but chat the women ſome what ſtratter and eloſer in their — ee n 


ol 


Wirch trees. 


204 


. of che barke ol birch trees, with the which they liſh and take great Rope of Beales and as farre as 


di TheEnglifh Voyages, &c. Jaques ( artier. 


we could bude rſtand Mince our comming thither, that isnot their habttatton, but they tome from 
the maine land out of hotter countreps, to catch the fave Deales and other neteſlaries for their 
Ofcertaine Capes, that is to fay, Ihe double Cape , The pointed Cape Cape Renal, and The Care 
Tae of the mountaines of Granges of the lands of Dome hoſen and ofthe grea 

ſhing of Cods. 


Ven the 13. o that moneth we came to our thips againe with our boats on purpole to faite 


forwards becaufe the weather was faire, and vpon Sunday we cauled Seruicerobe Caine, | 4 
then on mundap being the 15. of the moneth we departed from Brett and ſailed toward ihe Soul) 


to take a biew of the lands that there wee had ſeene, that feemed vnto vs to bee two Nauds: but 
hen we were amidſt the Bay, we kne wit to be firme land, where was a great double Cape on 


aboue the other, and therefore wee named it The double Cape. In ihe entrance ol the Bapwe | 


ſounded, and found ie to de an hundzed fapome round abeut vs. From Breſt to The double Cape 


there is about 20. leagues, and about fue oz fire 1 founded againe and found o 
hweſl. The next dap being the 16 ofthe F ! 
moneth we lalled along the fain coat toward the Bouthweſt, and by South about z 5 leagus F 
from the double Cape, where we found very ſteepe and wilde billes, smong the which were {een Fs 
tertaine (mal cabbans, which we in the countrey call Granges, and therefore we namen them Te 
hilles of the Granges. Che other lands and mountaines are all craggie, cleft and cut, and bet 
them and the Sea chere are other lands, but law. The day before through the darke milts 8 
logges of the weather, we could not haue light ol any land, but in the euening we ſpied an entrance 
into the land, by a riuer among the laid Hilles of Granges, and a Cape lping toward the Bout 
welt about 3 leagues from from vs. The ſaid Cape is on the top ok it blunt pointed, and allo to / 
ward the Sea it endeth in a point, wherefore wee named it The pointed Cape, onthe Noꝛthſue 
of which there is a plaine Aland. And becauſe we would haue notice of the laid entrance, to el 
there were any good hauens, we ſtrooke ſaile oz that night. The nert day being the 37 of the 
neth we had ſtozmie weather From Moztheaſt, wherefore we tooke our wap (ward the Douth F 
welt vntill thurſday moꝛning, and we went about 37 leagues, till wee came eth wart a Bay full! FE 
round lands like doue houles, and therefore wee named them The doue houtes, And ftomthe 
Bapok S. lulian, tom the which to a Cape that lieth Vouth and by Mett, which wee called Cape 


kadome water. The laid land lieth Noꝛthe alt and 


Roial, there are 7. leagues, and toward the elt ſouth welt five of the ſaide Cape, chere is anochtt 
that beneath is all craggie, and aboue round. On the Roꝛth five of which about halle a leagut 
there lieth a low Jland: that Cape we named The Cape of milke. Betweene rhele two Capes 
there are certaine low lands, aboue which there are alſo certaine others that Chew chat there be 
ſome riuers. About two leagues from Cape royall wee founden and found 20 faden. water an 
there is the greatelt liſhing of Cons that polſible may be: for Paying laʒ our tompanp in leſſe chen 
an houre tue tooke aboue an hundzethol them. 


Ofcertaine Ilands that lie betweene Cape Royal ,and The Cape ef mii. 


Te next bay being the 18 of the moneth,the winde with (uch rage turned ag ainſt vs hat ut 
were conftrainet to go backe toward Cape Royal, thinking there to nde ſome barborough, 
and with our beates went to Bifcouer betweene the Cape Noyal, and the Cape of Milke, am 
kound that aboue the low lands there is a great and very deepe gulfe, within which are certaine 
Nands. The Cain gulle on the Bouthſide is Hut vy, Che forefai low grounds are on one oli 
lives ol the entrance and Cape Royal is on the other. The ſaide low grounds doe ſtretchthem 
ſelues more then halle a league within the Wes. It is a plaine countrep, but an ill ſoile: aus in 
the re of 4 0 thereot,cbere 4 5 ren 1 5 ſalde — in latitude is bas eight 
degrees and an halfe, and in longitune *, we found no sand therefoze wee 
lanched out into the Sea,leauing the Cape toward the Lell. 1 f 


Ofthelland called S. Jab. 


the laid day vntill the 24 of the moneth being S. Iohns day we bad both ſtozmie weather 

and winde againſt vs, with ſuch varkeneſſe and miſtes, that vntill . Iohns dap, we could haut 

no fight of any land. and then had we light of a Cane of land chat from Cape Royal lieib South 
welt about 3 5 league, but that day was fo loggie and miſtie, ihat me touid not come neere lud, 
and becauſe it was S.lohns day, we named it Cape S. lohn. ‚ i or 


Ofce 


De 

vet 
lelues ath 
that we v 
and as we 
Mouthea 
anp wall, 
~ hele Zi 
neſies: an 
Mliärgauln 
ther were 
like to thol 
leaſt Glant 
boates fon 
boats of ths 


2 
= 
8 


we named it 
As farre ag] 
found land, a 
wap, aux p 


Southwent ie 


oel ſands. Ch 
4 


good grounds 
and a karre off 
e to them ne 


he next d. 
5 land, that! 
very lom count 
that Cape ok lat 
ned as it were h 
ere can ſtretch, 
to the firtt 

the lecond Cape 
named Alezai, ¢ 


Ofthe Ca e 
qualitie 

om Brions: 
Dourhwett e 

nm within one le 


Tbe Engliſh Voyages, c. Faques ( artier.. 


of anp lande, except in the cuening toward Sunne let, that wee vifcoucres a lande which fees 


Faque 


Deo be two Alands, that were beyond vs Cleſt fouthwelabout nine optenme leagues, “ = Of che e 
pn day unde next mozning at — . wee failed TMeſtward about fourtie lear: . of 
and by the wap we perceiued that the land we had ſeene like Jlands, was firme land, ping Sou wi 
foutheatt,and J2oj¢h noꝛthwelt, to a very good Cape of land called Cape Orleans Al the ſamd lum ed 

uercerding (glow and plaine, and che fatrett that map polllolp be leene, full of goonly medowes ond tres. we bi 

wales "Crue lt in that we could Ande noharboyough there, becaute tt is ell full of thelues and fas she s2onth 
Thigh our boats wert au pode in many places, anv among tbe reg wer entreDintoageodlprivt, © wmatothe g 
ut berp (hallow, which we namen The riuer of boats, becaufe that there wee law boates full of des Cree 
wild men that were crolling the rluer. Ile hav no other notice of cht lad wild men: forthe w Munday b. 
Chine feom the lea, anp ſo beat vs againtt the hope, dat wee were conttrained to retire bur felues dlrouera 
wieb our boat es toward our bs nert Dap mogninng at Summe nüüng, being the fitter | from 5s, to 
ulp, we Callen Nozeheaſt, in which time there roſt great mites and Moyes, and therefore wee | mes ot boat 
Nader Callin (two of the cloche fnibe aftetnoone, that the weather becamecteate, then] doortie op fi 
We had fight of Cape Orleance, and of another atiout feucn league ftcm vs, lying How and by on Cove mal 
Eatt,anp that we callen Wilde mens Cape. Onthe Naonubave of his Cape abour hatte ale, danel inne 
there is a very dangerous ſhelke, and banke of tones, hileſt wee were at this Cape, we fawe, 4 them, but u 
Man running after dur boates that were going along the coal, who made fignes vntd vs thun ccofollawos 
Houln recurnerowary the fain Cape againe, Cite ſccigg ſuch fignes, began ko turne toward in. which appr 
tr heLeeing vs conte hegen to flee: ſo foone as we were come on toate, we let a Knife beloye hm ) were dellrin 

‘ay awoollen girule of a litle Maffe, and then came to our thtpsagaine, That day we trendedſe FE words that! 
ald land about 9,02 ide tude pt finve fome good har bo zough but it was not poſſible in däand to thett 
aS Abe (td alrendp, it ia a verp low land, and cnutroned raund avout with great ſhelues. t not do, bur w 
belelle we went that bay on thoye infoure places to lee the goodly and lwiere lineling in ivo beraulet 

Marietie of » kit mere there rwe found them to be Cedars ewetrety, Pines, white elmeg, alhes willowen, wit tes among th 

Soom rens fen eber (opts of terer o Us bnknwen, but wü dont anpfrult, The grounns where no h pont, making 
la, are verp faire ano Alt full of peafon, white and ren gdoſebe rien, Grawberies, blat he beries, m to bs agatne, 
wllde cane, euen Like bnto Nie, which leemed to halle bene ſowen and plowed. This councrepis ns lo great 
of better temperature then anp other that can be ſtene, and verphote, Chere are many chyuthes, 7) follow vg, 
cheats ano seb rte to be cant here wanteth nothing but good harbozoughy . ae 

Ofthe Bay called. Zawarid,and other notable Bayéd’and Capes of laud, and of the qualits, ties w 
and goodneſſe ofthofe grounds. 5 N our m 
eee 1 b 3 a 1 Penertt 
pe next day being the ſerondol July we diſcouered and had fight of land on the Noꝛthern 4 trance of 
Tk teward bellt did ioyne vnto the land abouefaid,al tompalſed about, and we knew eh comming, wen 
ie had about * in depth, and as much athwart, we namen it S. Lunarios Bay, and with dur boats he began to fle n 
went to the Cape toward the Nozth. and found che Hope ſo (hallow, that fo) the ſpace ofa lau cloth themſelue 
From land there was but afapome water. On the Noztheaſt ide from the ſald Cape about 7.0 withed them no 
d. lesgues there ts another Cape of land, in the mtovett whereof there is a Bop fattionedtriang ry them kniues 
wiſe, very decpe,¢ as fatre off as we could kenfrom it the lame lieth Nozthealt. Che ſaid Bayis they ſaw, chey a 
compaſleo about with lands and chelues about re. leagues from land, ind there is but two favom Ie feeming to be v 
water: from the fato Cape to the bank of the other, there is about 1 5. lengues. Me being a cru © remonies, as w 
the lald Capes dilcauere v another land and Cape, and as fatre as we could ken, it lay Noth bad, not keepin: 
by Caf, all chat nighe the weather was very ill, and great winds, ſo that wee were tonſtrained y © Ganes that the n 
beare a final faile untl the nert mozuing being che thirde ol July when the winde rame fromthe Fe 
Ties: and we lalled Nozthward to haue a fight of the land that we had left on the Nozthetlü lde. prow that we 
aboue the low lands, among which higb and io w lands there is a gulfe oz beeach in fome places men witl 
bout 5 5. fadome deepe, and 15. leagues in bꝛevth. By reafon of the great depth and bzedtholthe b ofthe Ba 
gulke and change of the lands, we concetuen hope that Wee ſhould finve apatlane,tike vnto the hub J rr99 thurld 

crepattage fag ak The Caftles. Che (aiv gulle lieth Catt Noꝛztheaſt, and Melt ourhwell, Che groundihu FE dur hips, u 

desChafteaux. Iich on the Southlide ofthe fain gulfe, is as good and eaũie to be manured, and full of as gooaly went 25,leagues 
fielos zud meadowes as any that euer wee haue leene, as plaine and ſmooth as any vie: and that Fi intobich time we 
tabich lperhonche Forth is acountrey altogether hilly, full of woods, and very high and gen werk other lands 
trees of ſundꝛy fonts: among the ret there are as goodly Ceders. and Firre trees, as pollibly em I turne back againe 


malt hips of be ferne, abe to maße males lo ſbipz of thꝛer hundzed Tunne: neither vin we fee anp place tau vponthe thove of 
soot. was not fill of the faive trees, except two onelp that were full of gooplp medowes, with tuo eh af 
Oats at one of the: 


verp kalte lakes. The middelt of the lad Bay is 47. degrees and halte in latitude. 


Cartier. Faques (artier. i. Traffiques & Dilcoueries, 207 
88 b ö 5 — — ee —— —Z * — —ů— 
lande which (ce. , : 
— N ¢ D'Etperance,or the Cape of, Hope, und Of S. Martins Crethe and how 7: bees’ full 

me leagus a : of * raat Li aii ming to aa boat, would not retire themfelucs, but bein g tevtified 
hog coreg, 4 ith our Culuetins which we fhor at them, and our lances, they fled with greg t halt. 
md ping ü e bs 15 

. Al the aid lem e Cape of the (aid South land was called The Cape of Hope, th bthe hope that thore 

dewes onDtrers, ‘re ha to linde fome paſſage. The fourthof July we went along the coat ol the ſald land on 

and fh CCM ee the Joptberlp five to linde forme harhozoug b. where weecntren into a crecke altogether open tor 

toa goodly river, wardthe South, where there is nol 1 crs che winds we thought guad to name it „Mar- 

law boates full / tines Creeke, There we Raped from che four of Auly vntil the twellth: while we were chere 

mens forthe ww Munday being the firch of che moneth, Sern, wig Done, wee with one ok our boates went ta 

retire bur felues dilcouer a Cape and paint of land that on the Cietterne five was about ſeuen oz eight leagues 

being the Urte!“ from va, to (ce which wap it did bend, and being within balfe aleague ol it, wee ſawe two compas 

nd therefore wee | mien ok boates of wilde men going from one Land to the other: their boates were in number about 
mecleare, Ather“ fpreourtie 07 little. One part of che which came to the Caio point, and a great number of che men went Ca 7 
ing Month and ꝰ on (hore making age noi e, beckening vnto vs that wee ſhould come on land »hewing vg cer⸗ Saluages, 
ut atte a leagur, taine ſkinnes vpon vicces of wood, but beraule we had but one onely boat, wee would not oe to 
Cape, we laben F them, but went core other five lying in the Bea: they ſeeing vs flee, bacpared two of their boats 

unte vs the 0 follow vs , wich which came allo five moge ok them that were comming rom the Sea fine all 

une toward which apppoched ncere vnto aur boate, Dancing, and making many figues of top and mirth, as it 

a knife before tm were dellring our kriendſhip, laying in their tongue Napeu tondamen aflurtah, with many ather 

ay we trendedthe woods that we Underſkood not, Wut becaufe(as we haue ſaid) we had but one boat, wee would not 

in nor polaibleſn f gand to their courcesic but made fignes vnto them that they ſhould turne back, which they wouln 

eat . r vaot do, but with great furie came toward vs: and ſuddenip with their boates compalled vs about: 

ere Crave Hing trees and becaule they woulp not away from vs by any fignes that we could mae, we thor oft wo pie⸗ 

en willower uh es among themt, which vib fo cerrifle them, that they put chemtetueg to flight toward the fapne 

s where no won po/nt,making a great nolſe: and hating liaid a while began ane m, euen as at the ürſt to cot 
blacheberies, W to bs agatne, and being come neere our boat dee ſirucke at them with two lances, which thing 
Shlocouncrers f f vans to great a tetrbur ynto them, that with great batt they beganne to lle and would to moſe 
emanpehuie, BT follow us. 

oughs. How the faid wilde men comming to our thips,and our men going toward them, both Par- 

dof the quilii ties went on land, and how the faid wilde men with gteat ioy began to trafique with 

1 our men. 

i Denert vay patt of the lalde wilde men with wine of their boates carne to the polnt and en⸗ 
on the Ronen 1 pier ol the Creeke, where we with our thips were at toad. Idle being aduertiſed of their 
nd we knew he comming, went to the point where they were with our boates: but fp ſoone as they fap vs, they 
wich our boats u began to fice, making lignes that they tame to trafique with vs. ſhewing vs fuch kkinnes ag they 
pace ofa leu tloththemlelues withall, which are of (mall value. die lkewile made fignes vnto them, that we 
Cape about 7% wiſhedthem no euill: and in ligne thereol two of our men ventured to go on land to them, and cas 
albioned triangle ry them kniues withother Jron ware 2 AND a red hat to giue vnto their Captaine, Tibi u 

The ſatd B they faw, they alſo came on land, and bꝛought ſome of their ſninnes, and to began to deale with bs, 
is but two fadonm ſeeming to be very glad to haue our iron Wares and other things, ttl dancing with many other ce⸗ 
Me being acruſe F remonies, as with theit hands to calt Oea water on theit heads. They gaue vs what ſoeuer they 
, it lay Nonth m bad, not keeping any thing, ſo that they were conſtrained to goe backe agatne naked, and made vs 
ere 8 ſqnes that the next day they would come againe, and Dying moze ſhinnes with them, 
de came from the FT 
be Nozthet de, ov, that we hauing ſent two ofour men on land with wates, there came about oo. wilde 
in ſome places men with great gladneſſe. Of the qualitie ofthe countrey, what it bringeth oorth, and 
hand bzedthofthe b of the Baycalled Baia du Chaleur, or The Bay of heat, 

Aike vnto the p. Veo thurlday being the eightofthe moneth. berauſe the winde was not good to go out with 

The ground tha sz our Hips, we fet our boates in a readineſſe to goe to dilcouer the laid Bap, and that day wee 
d full of as good vent 25. leagues within it. The next bap the wind and weather being faire, we failen until noone, 
any die: and it in which time we had notice ofa great part of the laid Bay, andhom that ouer the low lands, there 
ry high and gen were other lands with high maountaines: but feeing that there was no paſſage at all. mee began ta 
es, as potlibly en Be ture back againe taking aur belong the cat: f fayling, we faw certaine wilde men that toon 

fee any 101 2 wvponthe hore of a lake that is among the low unds. who were making fites and finokes: wee 

owes, i 


e. 


Of 


went thither, gfounvebat there was achanelo the fea i 
boats ar one ofthe banks or the chanelb the wilde men with one of their boates 1 — 5 
208 


— — ͤ• l— 
The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Jaques ( artier. V 


byought vp pieces of Seales ready ſodden, putting them vpon pieces of wood: then retiring 
themſe lues, they would make ſignes vnto vs, that they did g iue them vs. Ile fent two men vn 
to them with hatchets, kniue s, beads,¢ other ſuch like ware, whereat they were very glad, and by 
and by in cluſters they came to the hore where wee were, with their boates, bringing with them 
Chines and other (uch things as they han, to haue of our wares, They were more then 300. nun, 
women and childzen: fome ok the women which came not ouer, wee might lee Hand vp to the 
knees in water, ſinging and dancing: the other that had palled the riuer where we were, tame ver 
frienvlp to vs, rubbing our armes with their owne hanves,then would they lift them vp toward 
heauen, ſhewing many lignes of gladneſſe: and in ſuch wife were wee aluren one ok another that 
we very familiarly began to trafique foꝛ whatſoeuer they had, til they had nothing but their take 
bodies; fo, they gane vs all whatſoeuer they had, and that was but ol [mall value. Cte perceiud 
that this people might very ealily be conuerted to our Religion, They goe from plate to platt. 
hey liue onelp with ling. They haue an o winarie time to lich fog their pꝛouiſion. The tounttty 
is hotter then the countrep of Spaine, and the faireſt that can pollibly be found, altogether ſmooth, 
and leuel. Chere is no place be it neuer ſo little, but it hath Come trees (pea albeit tt be ſandie) c 


elle is Full ol wie cogne chat bath an care like vnto Rie + the coꝛne is line oates. and final pen 


as thicke as if they had bene ſowen and plowed, white and ren gooſeberies, Urawberies, blackbe⸗ 


ries, white and red Roles, with many other floures of very ſweet and plealant ſmell. Therele 
alfo many goodly medowes full of gralſe and lakes wherein great plentie ok ſalmons be. Thy 


Bay 
Bap vt hegt. call a hatchet in their tongue Cochi,and a knife Bacon: we named it The bay of heat. 


q Ofanother nation of wilde men: of their maners, liuing and clothing. 


Ber certifien that there was nopatlage through the ſald Bap, we hoiled ſaile, and went fun 
S. Martines Creeke spon Sunday being the 12, of July, to goe and diſcouer further bey 
the laid Bap, and went along the fea coat Caſtward about eigbteene leagues, till we came tothe 
Cape of Prato, where we foun the cide very great, but hallow ground, and the Ses lloꝛme o 
that we were conttrained to dꝛaw toward (hope betweene the ſald Cape vnd an Jland lying EA. 
ward, about a league from the fad Cape, where we catkancker for that night. The next morning 7 
Wwe boifen ſaile to trend the fain coat about, which lyeth Nozth Mozthealt. But there role uh 
ſtoꝛmie and raging winde againſt vs, that we were conſtrained to come to the place againe, um 
whence we were come: thered we Rap all that day til the next that we hoiſed vp laile, and tine 
to the middeſt of a riuer flue o: ive leagues from tie Cape of Prato Mozthward, and being our 
thwart the laid Niuer, there aroſe againe a contrary winde, with great forges and ſloꝛmes. So & 


that we were tonſtrained vpon Tuelday being the fourteenth of the moneth to enter into ther 


uer, and there did we fap till the ſixteenth of the moneth looking koz faire weather to come outcl 
itꝛon which day — Thurlday,the winde became fo raging that one of our ſhips lot an ancker, 

ned to goe bp higher into the riuer ſeuen oz eight leagues, into a goophar: 
bozough and ground that we with our boates found out, and though the euill weather, tempel, 


und we were conſtra 


and darkenelle that was, wee ſtaped in the ſalde harbozough till the fine and twentieth of thems 
neth, not being able to put out: in the meane time wee ſawe a great multitude ok wilde men tht 
were liching ko mackere ls, whereok there is great Tore, Their boates were about go,andeheper 


fons what with men, women ¢ childꝛen two hundzed, which alter they had hanted dur companpa 55 
while, they came very familiarip with their boats to the fines of our Hips. Ne gaue them kues, 


tombes, beads of glaſſe, and other tritles of (mall value, fo which they made many ſignes or glad 
nelle, lifting cheir hands vp to heauen vancing and linging in their boates. Thele men may ber 
well and truely be called Wilde, becauſe there is no poorer people in the wozld. Foz J thinke il 
that they had together, befines their boates and nets was not woꝛthliue ſoute. They coe altoge: 


ther naked faving their pꝛiuities, which are coucren with a litt le ckinne, and certaine olde ſuinnes 


that they cat vpon them, Neither in nature nop in language, doe they any whit agree wich them 


which we found fir : thetr heads be altogether ſhauen, ercept one buch of haire which they {utter Fe 


to grow vpon the top oftheir crowne as long as a honſe taile, e then with certaine leather frings 
binde it in a knot vpon their heads, They haue no other dwelling but their boates, which they 
turne vpſide downe, and vnder them they lay themſelues all along vpon the bare ground. Chey 


eate their fleth almoſt raw, laue onely that they heate it a little vpon imbers of coales, ſodoe iſch ey 
their lich. Upon Magdalens day we with our beates went to the bancke of the riuer, and freth B 
went on ſhoze among them, whereat they made many ſignes, and all their men in two oz ther 


companies began to ling and date, ſerming to be very glad of our comming. They had tauled il 
the pong women to ſlee into the wood, two oz the excepted, that Byer twit cher, to erh oF Wh 


incon ete 


8 
ale 
we gaue 
Captain 
thing wnt 
haue as! 
on our C 
ing and n 
began to 
ken vpon 
that place 
karre as 3 
which gro 
it intheirt 
winter as 
and Bean: 
not, noz kr 
they haue 
vs howto! 
are verp gi 
that comm 


How. 
thof 
twor 


Pont 
foote,| 

ſayd hauen, 
in the top w 
before them 
ſetting ot it! 
toward ea 
uens, and the 
ſbewed a gr 
were return 
and a bzothe 
as they were 
ſet vp, and m 
he would ſay 
talke being ei 
be littnen, fo | 
boate, tooke h 
to enter into o 
aſſure them t 
very friendly, 
was but onely 
would ſhoꝛtly 
take two of hie 
thed two of the 
a copper chain 
fellowes that! 
chet, and ſame 
bnto their fellot 
men in euery or 
them ſome ity, 
hot remoue the 
Horw aftes 
coaſt, we 


L 


— 


( artier i Fagues ( urtier. i. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 209 
000; then retiring | ombe, and a little bell made of Tinne fo2 which they were v 1 k 

? we gaue a combe, 5 re very glad, thanking our 
Cent two men by: e his armes and breatts with their hands. Tlhen the men fate 19 005 ee 
very glad, and by ching unto thole that had ſtayed, it tauſed al the reſt to come out ok the wood, tothe end they ſhould 
inging with then baue as much as the others: Thele women were about twenty, who altogether ina knot fell pp: 
i 15 3 41 055 onour Captaine touching and rubbing him with their 

e 


e were, came ver 
ft them vp toward 
ne ok another that 
ng but their nakep 
ie, We perceiney 
rom place to plate. 


lon, The countrey + l them Honeſta. They haue alſo Figs, Nuts, Ap les, and other fruits, 

itogether ſmooth nd Beans that they call Sabu, thei nuts Cahehy » Swe ewer hem any thing that they haue mages. 
cod 3 no non know not whar ie a, Waking their beas,chep will (a 

8,8 0 


» Nohda, which is as much to ſap, 
they haue it not, nop they know it not. DE thole things they haue, they would with lignes ſhew 
vs hom to dꝛeſſe them, and how they grow. They eate nothing that hath any taſte o lalt. They 
are herp great theeues, fo; they will fich and ſteale whatſoeuer cy 


wuberies, blackbe⸗ 
smell. Therebe 
almons be. Thy 


ep can lay hold of, and all is fith 

fhear that commech to net. 

of hear, Ho our men fet vp a great Croſſe vpon the point ofthe ſayd Porte, and the Captaine of 

ning. thoſe wild men, after a long Oration, was by our Captain appeaſed, and contented that 

ile, and went from two ofhis Children ſhould goe with him. 

ier further ben“ Pon the 24 ofthemoneth, wee cauled a faite high Crolle tube made of the height of thir 

till we cametorhe BE Vue was made in the pretence of many of them, vpon the point Rech ole atthe 

be Bea dome {apd hauen, in the middeſt whereol we bange vp a Shield withebrce Floure de Luces in it, and 

lend ping eat: FF inehecop was caruen in the wood wich Anticke letters this potie, Vine Je Key de France, Chen 

The next morning beroꝛze them all we letit vponthe fayd point. They with great been beheld both the making and ehe e 

ithere role uh Lletting ok i vn, Do foone as it was bu we altogether knee led downe bekoze them, with our hands Cray 

lace againe, from toward Deauen, peeling God thankes: and we made fignes onto them, ſhewing them theipea: 

bp laile, and came uens, and that all our faluation dependeth onelp on him bohich in them dteelleth: whereat they 

dean being aun bewwed a great admiration, looking firſt ons at another, and then bpon the Croſſe. And after wee 

and ounces, b were returned to out chips, their Captaine clap with an old Beares hin, with three of his fonnes, 

o enter into ther: nanda bzother ok his with him, came vnto vs in one ok their boates, but they came not ſo neere vs 

ther to come ock ae they were wont to doe: there he made a long DOzation vnto vs, ſhewing vs the crolle we had 

welult namen er op,eno making a rroſf with tho fingers, then did he thew vs allthe Countrey about vs, as if 

„ into a good he would lap that all was bis, and that wee ſhould not let Dp any crofle without his leaue. Mis 

weather, trmpet, BE calkebeing ended, we ſhewed him an Axe, laining that we would Sue it him fo his ſxin, to w ich 

entieth ofthenm be liſtned, foꝛ by little and little hee came neere our ſhips. One of our fellowes that was in our Two fauages 
of wilde menihu f boate, tooke bold ontheirs, and ſuddenly leapt into it, with two oz chree moe, who enfozted them en. 
ut 40 and thepe r. to enter into our ſhips, wherat they were greatly aſtoniſhed. 


ed our companys alure them that they ſhould haue no harme noz anpiniurie 
gaue chem knives, ner Feienbip making themeate and dzinke. 


that the croſſe 
my ſignes of gla was but aneiy ſet vp to be aga light and leader which wapes to enter into the 0 t, and that we 
eee would ſhopcly come againe port, bat wee 


and bring good ſtoꝛe cfiron Wares ¢ other thin » but that we would 
„Foz Jthinte al take two ofhis chllozen with vs, g after ward Hing chem to the Lapp pore 1 ps fo wee clo⸗ 
They goe alto thedtwoof them in ſhirts, and coloured coates, with red cappes, and put about euerp ones necke 
talne olde cines a copper chaine, whereat they were greatly contented: 
tagree wich then fellowes chat went backe againe, 
which thepfutin cet and ſome kniues, which made them bery glad. Alter t 
ne leather rings bud their kellowes, in the alter noone there came too 
dates, be aide ple cuety one, to take their ee se ~ we had detained to take wi 
re ground. f B many words which we d not vnderſtand, mak Bt 0 
ones, Covet FY tte te eae ne hut e 


offred them at all, c entertained them 


priuer, and fret qHow sfeer we were departed from the ſayd porte, following ou long the f 
min wong 8 — r the land — Seuthe and desde e tate 
hey had tauſed next day, e 25 ok the monet we had faire weather, and went from the fat ports 
moet and being out of che tiuer, we laled Cattnonehe 1 


lo; after the entrance into the fad riuer, 
5 the 


* 


210 The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, Jaques Cartier. . 


the land is enuironed about, and maketh a bay in maner ok balfe acircle, where being in our thips, 

we might ſee all the coat ſopling behind, which we came to ſeeke, the land lying Southe alt any 

Noꝛthweſt, the courle ol which was diſtant from the riuer about twentie leagues, Bh 
0 


Of the Cape S. Aluiſe, and Cape Memorancie,and certaine other lands, and how one ofour | as ifthe) 
Boates touched a Rocke and ſuddenly went ouer it. end that 


©” munday being the 27 ok the moneth, about fanne-fet we went along the laid land, as we they wet 
haue ſaid, lying Southeaſt ¢ Mozthweſt, till Medneſday that we Caw another Cape where were lad 
the land beginneth to bendtowardthe Ealt: we went along about 1 5 leagues, then doeth the land andren 
begin to turne Nozthward. About thzee leagues from the layd Cape we founded, and found 24 ned with 
kadome water. Che laid lands are plaine, and the kaireſt and moſt without woods that we haue leagues: 
ſeene, with goodly greene fields and medowes: we named the ſayd Cape S. Aluiſe Cape, becaute | with We 
that was bis dap: it is 49 degrees and a halke in latitude, and in longitude *, On Tiedneldar gerous th 
mopning we were on the Catt five of the Cape, and being almoſt night we went Mozthweltwurd Howt 
fox to appꝛoch neere to the ſayd land, which trendeth Nozth and South. From S. Aluiſe Cape Sey 
to another called Cape Memorancie, about Afteene leagues , the land beginneth to bend Moths Ro 
weſt. About thꝛee leagues krom the layd Cape we would needes found, but wee could finde ng hi me 
ground at 1 50 fadome, pet went we along the laid land, about tenne leagues, to the latitude of N (ibe 
Fifty degrees 50 degrees. The Saturday following, being the firſt of Auguſt, by Sunne rifling, wee had cers ue oun 
t laude. taine other landes, lying Month and Moztheatk, that we re verp high and craggie, and fecmed ta Ne akin 
be mountaines : betweene which were other low lands with woods and riuers: wee went about | fain 0 
the layd lands, as well on the one five as on the other, till bending Mozthwelt, to ſee ik it were ei⸗ g 105 0 ant 
ther a gulfe, o apallage, vntill the lift of the moneth. The diſtance from one land to the other ig And vil 
about fifteencleagues, The middle betweene them both is 50 degrees and a terte in latitude. Allunm 0 
Me had much adoe to go ſiue miles farther, the winds were ſogreat, and the tive againſt vs. and po ed 8 
at fine miles end, we might plainely lee and perceiue land on both fives, which there beginnetho that ts hei 
ſpꝛead it ſelke, but becaule we rather fell, then got way againt che wind, we went toward lan, Dapes long 
purpoling to goe to another Cape of land, ping Bouthward, which was the farthermoſt out ins and . 
the lea that we could lee, about five leagues from vs. but ſo foone as we came thither, we foundie the layd per 
to be naught elle but Rockes, ſtones, & craggie cliffes, ſuch as we had not found any whereſnrte ber 
we had failed Southward from S,lohns Cape: and then was the tide with vs, which caried vs ⸗ The 
gainſt the wind Meſtward, fo that as we were fapling along the ſayd coaſt, one ok our boats tou · e 
ched a Nocke, and ſuddenly went ouer, but we were conllrained to leape out foz to direct it ona 
cording to the tide. 


How after we had agreedand confu'ted what was beſt to be done, we purpoſed to retutne: 
and of S. Peters Streight, and of Cape Tiennot. 


At kter we had Cailen along the ſayd cooſt. for the ſpace of two houres, behold, the tive began 
to turne againt vs. with fo ſwift and raging a courſe, that it was not poſlible for vs with 13 
bares to row oʒ get one ſtoues caſt farther, fo that we were conſirained to leaue our boates with 
ſome ok our men to guard them, and 10 oz 12 men went athore to the ſayd Cape, where we iound 
that the land beginnethto bend Southwell, which hauing leene, we came to our boats againe, and 
foto our ſhips, which were Ril ready vnder fatle hoping io go foz ward: but fog all that, they were 
fallen moze then koure leagues to lee ward from the place where we had left them, where ſo ſoone 
as we came, wee alſembledtogether all our Captaines, Maſters, and Mariners, to haue their ad⸗ 
tice and opinion what was beſt to be done: and after that euerp one had laid, conlidering that the 
Eaſterly winds began to beare lwap, and blow, x that the flood was fo great, that we did but fal, 
and that there was nothing to be golten, and that formes and tempeſts began to reigne in Neu- 
found land, and that we were fo farre from home, not knowing the perils and dangers that were 
behind, foz either we muſt agree to returne home againe, oz els to ſtay there all the peere. Gores 
ouer, we did conſider, that ik the Noztherne winds dio take vs, it were not pollible for vs to Depart 
thence, All which opinions being heard and conſidered, we altogether determined to addꝛelle our 
felues home ward. Mowe becaule vpon Saint Peters day wee entred into the ſapd Streite, 
de Streit or wee named it Saint Peters Streite. Wee ſounded it in many places, in ſome wee found 150 
n favome water, in ſeme roo, and neere ze (hoare Artie, ans cleere ground, Frem thas der till 


Lagu 
the Str 


Medneldap following, we had a good and pꝛoſperous gale of winde, ſo that we trended the laid 
Noꝛth ſhoze Cal, Southeaſt, Ciel Nozthweſt: for ſuch is the ſituation of it, extept one 
Cape of low lands that benderh moze toward the Southeaſt, about twentp fiue leagues . 


— | 


ing in our fhips, 
§ Doutheak and 
8. 


how one ofour 


fain land, as we 
her Cape where 
en doeth the land 
d, and found 24 
DS that we haue 
fe Cape, becauſe 
Du TTiednelday 
Mozthweſtward 
S. Aluiſe Cape 
to bend Mozth⸗ 
e could finde ng 
o the latitude of 
ng, wee had cer⸗ 
, and ſeemed t 
wee went about 
fee ik it were gi: 
to the other ig 
erte in latitudt, 
againſt vs. and 
ere beginncetl to 
nt toward land, 
ermoſt out ine 
er, we foundit 
any whereſince 
ich caried vs a 
k our boats tous 
o direct it on ac 


fed to retutne: 


„ the cide began 
> for vs with 13 
dur boates with 
vhere we found 
bats againe, and 
itbat, tbey were 
where ſo ſoone 
o haue their ad⸗ 
idering that the 
we did but fall, 
reigne in News 
Wers that were 
e peere. Spores 
for vs to depart 
to addꝛelle out 
ſapd Streite, 
wee found 150 


em that dap till 


rended the fais 
it, except one 
leagues a 


ned with fand, wherechelea is entermin 


Taques (artier: I Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


the Streight. In this place we Caw tertaine ſmoke 
the ſad cape: but becaule the wind ble we bs towar 


taine, who then was vp 


d the coa 
and twelue men vnto vs, 
as if they had bene French men, and gaue vs to vnderſta 5 


N owes, the {pace of twentie 
leagues then doth the land begin to trend from tick to Ealtnoꝛt 

with Illands two oz three leagues from land, in whi 

gerous ſhelues moze then foure 02 liue leagues from land. 


How that vpon the ninth of Au 


September we came to the Port of S. Aals. 


vontill Saturday following, we had a great win 


Daves long with great 
and aſliſtance of God 
the layd pere, we ca 


God 


the Day 


Water 
Sand 
aSayle 


the Nofe 

the Teeth 
the Nayle 
the Feete 

the Legs 


aSkinne . 
that Man 
‘a Hatchet 


Iod ſiſh 


ood to be 
lefh 
Almonds 
Figs! 


Rom the ſapd CMednelda 
well, which caule vs to 


the Sunne 
the Heauen 


the Night 


the Head 
the Throate 


a dead man 


eaten 


2 
7 


Wwe luffted: then had we falre weather and bpon the ſift ok S i 
me to the port of S. Malo whence we departed, ponth September, in 


guſt wee entred within white 


Sands, and vpon the fift of 


Gold henyofco 
‘the priuie members affegnega 
an Arrow calla 
a greene Tree haueda 
an earthen dith undace 
aBow — 
Zraſſe algnetaxe 
the Brow anſce 
a Feather Ico 
the Moone cafmogan 
the Earth Conda 
the Wind Canut 
the Raine onnofcon 
Bread Cacacomy 
1 0 amet 
a Shi caſa 
a Man oni? 
the Haires hoe hoſco 
the Eyes ata 
the Mourk weche. 
the Eares bontaſco 
the Armes agefem 
a Woman enrafelco 
aficke Man alonedeche 


211 


The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, /aques Cartier.2, 


Shooes atta a Mackrell agedoneta 
a skinne to couer 2° | omfcozom 2 | Nuttes caheya 
mans priuy 1 vondtco Apples honefta 
red cloth cahoneta | Beanes fake 

| a Knife | agohede a Sword achefco 


A ſhorte and briefe narration of the Nauigation made by the 
commandementofthe King of France, to the Iſſands of Canada, Hochela- 
ga, Saguenay, and divers others which now are called New France, with the particu. 
lar cuſtomes, and maners of the ee therein, 

hap, 1. 
2 IQ the peere of our Lop 1535, bponCUbiclunday, being the 16 of Map, by the 
Jo commandement of our Captaine lames Cartier, and with a common accopd, in 
2 the Catbedzall Church of S. Malo we deuoutly each one conkeſled our ſelues, and 
NN N reteiued the Sacrament: and all entring into the Quier ok the ſayd Church, wee 
ANH. prefeneen our lelues before the Reucrend Father in Chzils, che Lov Bilbop of S, 

Malo, who bleſled vs all, being in his Biſhops roabes. The Wevnefoay following, being the 19 

of Map, there aroſe s good gale of wind, and therekoze we hopſed faple with three thips, that is to 

fap, the great Hermina, being in burden about a hundzeth, 02 a hundꝛeth and twentp tunne, thers 
in the fo delaid Captaine lames Cartier was Gencrall, and maſter Thomas Froſmont chiefe (pa 
ſter, actompanied with matter Claudius de Pont Briand, ſonne to the Lozdeof Monteeuell, and 

Cup · bearer to the Dolphin ok France Chatles of Pom raies, lohn Powlet, and other Gentle: 

men. In the ſecond thip called the little Hermina, being of theeſcoze tunne burden, were Cap⸗ 

taines vnder the ſayd Cartier, Mace Salobert, and maſter William Marie. In the third thip cate 

led the Hermerillon, being of fozty tunne iu burden, were Captains M. William Britton, and . 

lames Maingate. So we ſayled with a good and pꝛolperous wind, vntill the 20 ok the laid mu 

neth, at which time the weather turned into ſtozmes and tempelts the which with contrary winde, 
and darkeneſle, endured ſo long that our ſhips being without anp reſt, ſuffered as much as any 
ſhips that euer went on {eas : to that the 25 of June, by realon of that foule anv koggie weather, 
all our ſhips lof light one of another againe till wee came to Newfound land where we had aps 
pointer to meete. After we had loſt one another, wee in the Generals thip were with contrary 
windes toſt to and fro on the fea, hneill the Ceuenth of July, vpon which day we arriued in Newe 
found land, and tame to the Iſland called The Ifland of Birds, which lpeth from the maine land 

1 leagues. Chis Alland is lo full of birds, that all our hips might ealilp haue bene kraighted 

with them, x pet for the great number that there is, it would not ſeeme that auy were taken away. 

Me to victuall our ſelues filled two boats of them. This Illand hath the Pole eleuated gore: 

grees, and 40 minutes. Apon the eight of the Cay moneth we faile further, ¢ with a pꝛoſperoug 

weather came tothe Post called The Port of white ſands, that is in the Bay called The Bayof 


Tee Buy des Caftels, where we had purpoſen to meete ¢ Rap together the 15 of the ſaid moneth, In this place 
The Grand Bay, therefore we looked fo? our fellowes, that is to fap, the other two (hips, till the 26 of the monet), 


on which day bothcame together. So foone as our fellowes were come, we fet our (hips in areas 
dines, taking in both water, wood, x other netellaries. Andthen on the 29 of the layd moneth cars 
Ip in the moꝛning we hoiled faite to palſeon further, x ſayling along the Noztherne coalt that rn 
neth Noꝛztheaſt and Southwelt, til two houres after Sun. ſet oz thereabouts, then we crolled a: 
long two Illands, which voe ſtretch further foozth then the others, wbich we called 8. Williams 
Iſlands, being diſtant about 2c leagues op moꝛe from the Wort of Breſt. Allthe coaſt from the Ca 
tels to that place lieth Catt ¢ Melk, Noꝛtheaſt ¢ Southweſt, hauing betweene it ſundyy little 
Illands, altogether varren and kull of ones, without either earth oz trees, except certain valleys 
only. The next day being ihe 30 of July, we lailed on Meſt ward to find out other Illands which 
as pet we had not found 12 leagues and a halle, among which there is a great Bay toward the 
orth all full of Iſlands and great creckes where many good barboꝛoughs ſeeme to be: theme 
named S. Marthas Iflands , from which about a league and a halte further into the ſea there iss 
dangerous hallow, wherein are fue rockes, which lie from Saint Marthas Iſlands about (enn = 
leagues as you palle into the fapd Illands, on the Cal gon the Wet five, to wbich we came tte 
fapd dap an houre after none, ¢ from that boure untill mionight we failed about fikteene leagues 
athwart a tape ot the lower Illands, which we named S. Germans Iſlands Southeallwerd, from 
which place about three leagues there is a very dangerous ſhallow. Likewiſe berweene S.Ger- 
mans cape and Seint Marthas, about two leagues from the Capo Illands, there lpeth a we 


mite ee say ees 8. 855 3 e 2 5 8 N 8 Se 


8 


N e 


214 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Jaques Cartier. z. Lagu 


How our Captaine cauſed the fhips to returne backe a gare know if in Saint Lan. Abou 
rence gulfe there were any pall ge toward the North. oo 
Chap, de * ' 
V Pon the 18 of Auguſt being Medneldap, our Captaine cauſed his thippes to wind backe, 8 
and bend toward the other tore, lo that we trended the laid Moztherlp coſt, which runneth on, when 
Noztheaſt and Southweſt, being kaſbioned like vnto halfe a bowe, and is a very bighland, but ave about 
pet not fo bigb as tbat on the South parts. Che Churſvap following we came to ſeuen verp high ded like ¢ 
She fen lands, which we named The round Iſlands. CheleFlands are vifant from the South Hore great qua 
about 40 leagues, and ſtreteb out into the ſea about 3 02 4 leagues, Againt thele there are good? people of 
low grounds to be ſeene full of goodlp trees, which we the Friday following, with our boats c'⸗“ pe eaten. 
palſed about. Ouerthwart thefe lands there are diuers landy ſhelues moze then two leagues in firth of th 
tochefea,verp dangerous, which at alow water remaine almoſt oop. At the kurtheſt bounds of into the rit 
% fiwift riuer. thele lowe lands, that containe about ten leagues, there is a riuer of tre) water, that with {uch orcreeke! 
ſwiftneſle runneth into the fea, that lo che ſpace ok one league within it the water is as kreſh as land. Th 
any fountaine water. Ute with our boates entred into the Capo riuer, at the entrance ol which we countrep 
found about one kadome e abalfe of water. There are in this riuer many fithes ſhaped like hoples, tive, This 
Ss. polen. ich as our wild men told vs, all the day long lie in the water, and the night on land: of which we plot of gee 
ſaw therin a great uumber. The nert dap being the 21 of the moneth, by bꝛeake of day we hoplen ate many 
alle, and ſailed fo long along the laid coat, that we had light ol the relt of the Capo Noztherne coat, lauour the 
Che Ile or ac which as pet we had not ſetne, and of the Illand of the Aſſumption which wee wens to diſcouer, feuenth of 
fampeion, op Nae departing from the ſayd land: which ching lo foone as we had done, ¢ that we were certified noo: higher inte 
1 ther pallage to be there, we came to dur ſhips againe, which we had lett ac the lald Bands, where where the 
is agood hazbozough. the water being about nine oz ten kadome. In the lame place by occalion of in bꝛedth, g 
contrary winds a foggie milts, we were conttrained to ſtap not being either able to come out ofit, aifordeth a 
A hauen on the U hoiſe laile, till the 24 ot the moneth: On which day we departed ¢ canie to a hauen on the Sou: the Noꝛthe 
Sontherne therly coaſt about 80 leagues krom the ſaid Iſlands. This hauen is ouer ag ainſt the flat Illands thole count: 
coat. that lie amidſt the riuer, becaule on the midway bet weene thole Illands, & the lapdhauen towad FY sino ment 
a great viner, the Month, there is a very great riuer that runneth bet weene the high and lom landes, and me who ſo Coon 
5 then tbdee leagues into the lea it hath manp ſbelues, ¢ there is not altogether two kadome weer, dhe wing m. 
lo that the place is verp dangerous: and neere vnti the laid chelues, there is either Alteene 2 many eele: 
20 fadomes from ſhoʒe to ſhoze. All the Mortherly coats runneth Moztheaſt and by Nozth, nd make their 
Southwest ¢ by South, The laid hauen wherin we layed an the South lde, is as it were buen full of thole 
SJohnsifes. luce ot the waters that rife by the flood, x but of (mal acrompt: we named them S. Iohns Illets be 1 were as cou 
cane we found them, x entred into them the day ol the beheading of that Saint. And befoze uu to haue then 
tome ta the laid hauen there is an Illand lying Eaſtward about 5 leagues diſtant from the fan: final gifts, 
betweene which and the land there is no pallage ſauing only for {mal boats. The hauen ok S. lobns day followit 
Mets dʒyeth vp all the waters that riſe by flowing, although they flow two kadome at the leat, Londthey ca 
Che bet place to haʒboʒough hips therein is on the South part of a little Illand that is ouer people, who 
gainſt the laid hauen, whereby the bancke o2 ſhoze of the Alland riſeth. Upon the lirſt of Septen firteene mei 
der we departed out of the lald hauen, purpoüng to go toward Canada, c about 15 leagues from ding to their 
it toward the Cet, x LAeſtlouthwelt, amidſt the riuer, there are thace Illands, duer ageing the ter strange 
which there is a riuer which runneth l wilt, and is of a great depth x it is that which leadeth, and and then com 
Chie ts the ri runneth into the countrey and kingdome of Saguenay, as by the two wild men of Canada it was them they t 
wer of Tadatey, told vs. This riuer palleth and runneth along bery high and ſteepe hils or bare ſtone, where very and what goo 
0 ot auen . itte earth is, x not withſtanding there is great quantity o ſundzp forts of trees that growin ih rp glad there 
{aid bare ſtones, euen as vpon good ¢ fertile ground. in ſuch fope that we haue ſcene ſome lo grit thing he did: 
as wel would luffiſe to make a maſt foꝛ a ſhip of zo tunne burden, and as greene as pollililp can be, make much ol 
growing in a ſtony rocke without anp earth at all. At the entrance ol the layd riuer we met wiß to be hyought 
boats ful oł wild men, which as far as we could perteiue, very fearfully came toward bs, ſothat Be ann were ares 
— ol them went batke againe e the other tame as neere vs as eaſily they might heare a vnder⸗ becauſe he loo 
Cand ont vi ode mild men, who told them his name, and then tooke acquaintance of them, vpon noche lud L 
whole worn they came tovs. The next day being the 2 of September, we came out of the ſayd ri pur boates to 
uer to go to Canada, and by realon of che {eas flowing, the tine was very Cwift and dangercuo e: By tome Cafe hart 
thaton the South part ofit there lie two Flands about which moe then the leagues compale, | icagues, conti 
lie many rocks and great ſtones, c but two fadome water: andthe flowing amidſt thoſe lane ts alitlle riuer 
is very vntonſtant and voubtful, ſo that if it had not bene foz our boats, we had been in great dans place fermen t 


ger to lole our Pinneſle: nme. 


— — 


Cartier. z. 


if in Saint Lan. 


6 to wind backe, 
, which runneth 
tpbigb land, but 
n ſeuen verp high 
the South thore 
there are goodly 
Nth our boats ci: 
two leagues in: 
irtheſt hounds of 
„ that with uch 
ater is as kreſh as 
nce of which we 
paped like hozles, 
and: ok which we 
of day we hopled 
Noztherne coal, 
went to diſcouer, 
re certified noo: 
d Illands, where 
ace by occaſion of 
to tome out of it, 
uen on the Sou: 
hee flat Illands 
pohauen toward 
landes, and moe 
10 kadome water, 
ther fifteene o 
nd by Nozth, and 
s as it were but 
. Iohns Iflets, bes 
And befoze you 
it from the lam: 
hauen of S. lobns 
dome at the leat, 
nd that is ouer a 
rſt of Septem: 
15 leagues from 
aue r ageinſt the 
hich leadeth, and 
of Canada it was 


ee 
* 
x 8 ‘i 
5 
i 
% 


one, where very 


that growin the 
ene ſome lo griit 
aS polliblp can be, 
iuer we met with 
toward vs, ſo thut 
bt heare @ vnde. 
nee of them, vpon 


out ok the ſayd i ⸗ 


md Bangerous,to} 


leagues tempel, 


ott thoſe Jlland⸗ 
been in great bane 


zoladom waer. : 
About 


Laques ( urtier. 2. Traffiques and Difcouerics, 


’ v Well proportioned, hea⸗ 


and the freth water, Theſe 
lde vs that they be very ſauoꝛp and good to 
e mouth of that riuer. The 


we went about 15 leagues moze 


vpward 


b Moꝛthward, and it maketh a little hauen 


odtopzes, continuallylping abou 


land. There are likewiſe great cuanticie of the laid Adhothuys taken by the inhabitou 


hem 
nd 


‘place fermen to vs bery fit and commodioug 
E. wenmmedit the holy Colle, fo on that 


bigher into tie riuer, and came to 24 Bands ſeuen op eight leagues from the 


where the countecy of Canada beginneth. one of which Jlands 


in bꝛedth, greatly inhabtten of ſuch men as onelp line bp lilhing ok luc 


many Eeles anv other ſozts ok fithes; with two oꝛ thꝛee burdens of great Millet w 


mall gifts, but of ſmall value: neuertheleſſe they were greatly contente 


ghoagny and Domagaia, 
Ip to reioyce, dancing and 
came to our boats ¢ brow 


y other boates 


ake acguaintance of our two men, all which 


his companie to eate and dyinke , which thing they did, 
fop that time gaue them nothing, 


nnumerable 
oztoiſes. 


d of Filberds, The Zhe Ite of 


res oz Fil. 
L 


berewith they 11a. 


216 


Stadacons, 


Soodip Hemp 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, Jaques Cartier.2, 


whereof Donnacona is Lo, A there be keepeth bis above : it is called Stadacona, wo Soobly 
a plot of ground as pollibly map be ſerne, and there withall very kruitfull, full of goodly trees euen 
as in France, as Okes, Elmes, Aſbes, Malnut trees, Maple eres, Cydzona, Uines, and white 
Cboꝛnes, that . as bigge as anp damſons, and manp other fortes of trees, vndet 
which groweth as kaire tall bempe , as anp in France, without anp ſeede 02 any mans worke ri 
labour at all, Dauing conlidered the place, and finding it lit for our purpoſe, our Captaine with, 


dꝛew hunſelle on purpoſ⸗ to returne to our ſhips: but behold, as we were comming out of the ri, oe 
uer we met comming again( vs one of the L odds of the {aio village of Stadacona, accompanien ia 
with many others, as men, weamen, and childzen, who alter the falhion of their countrep,infign, = 


of mirth and ioy, began to make a long Ozation, the women ul finging and dancing vp to the 


knees in water. Our Captaine knowing their good will and kindneſſt coward vs, cauſed the boat ta 
wherein they were, to come vnto him, and gaue them certaine trifles, as kniues, and beades of 
glaſſe, whereat they were maruellous glad, for being gone about three leagues from them, fo) | 


the pleafure they tonteiued of our comming, we might heare them fing, and fee them vante fo? al 

they were ſo karre. 
How our Captaine went to fee and note the mene of the Iland, and the nature of it, and 
then returned to the hips, cauſing them tobe brought to che riuer of The holy Croffe, 


then five hundzed perfons, men, women and childzen an 
Taten hf tet ope come te abn op, 


poſſible, f 
that il he 
well enter 
(elke: fo’ 
Taignoag 
ned to then 
turned eue 
> whereofth 


53 


d cs ſoone as 
dance. Th 
bound circl. 
began tom 
clo, which! 
great (hovek 
vnto hint 
uing of wht: 
nies ¢ foꝛ w 
© Taignoagr 
den child wa 
the end he ſh 
bnelp giuen 
he would lea 
ning this, D 
and tokenok 
von which tall 
perceiued tha 
fon, as well 
the ſaid child 
(| wrought, the 
FS therewith gr. 
ſently vpan th 
taule a peece 

of it, and had t 

| before: to wh 
men to ſhoot o 
ple and ſhips, 
uen had fallen 
ſeemed hell u 
tell vs, that th 
tompanp, wit 
dll to flight, ac 
taufe aur men 
How Donn, 


cauſedt 
their G 


=e 


sina 


F 


pe nert da 
ſeeke all m 

Seile, zs Berea, 

in dagges Chinn 

on their heads m 
but came not nes 


Wines laden 
with grapes. 


Hochelay, 


218 he Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Jaques Cartier. z. 


the ſpace of two haures, looking fo2 the tide, to the end the boat wherein the Diuels were, might 
appꝛoch and come neere vs, which when time was, came, and all the reit iſſued out of the wood co 
ming to vs, but pet not fo neere as they were wont to do. There began Taignoagay to ſalute dur 


Captaine, who alked him ik he would haue the boate to come foz him: hee anfwered,not for that q 


time, but after a while he would come vnto our ſhips: then pꝛeſently came that boat ruling out, 


wherein the theee counterfeit Diucls were with ſuch long hoꝛnes on their heads, and the mit dle 


mot came making along Ozation and paſſed along our Hips without turning or looking toward 


bs, but with the boat went toward the land. Chen did Donnacona with all his people purſue | 


them, and lay bold on the boat and Diuels, who lo ſoone as the men were come to them, Fell ppos 
Mrate in the boate euen as ik they had beene dead: then were they taken vp and carried into the 
wood, being but a ſtones caſt off, then euerp one withdze w himſelke into the wood, not one Ray. 
ing behind with vs, where being, they began to make a long diſcourſe, ſo loud that we might heart 
them in our ſhips. which laſted aboue halfe an houre,¢ being ended we began to eſpie Taignosg. 
ny and Domagaia comming cowards vs, holding their hands vpward iopned together , carping 
their hats vnder their vpper garment, ſhe wing a great adintration, and Taignoagry looking bp 
to heauen, eryed thgec times leſus, le ſus, Ieſus, and Domagaia doing as his fellow bad done be: 
koze, ery td, leſus Maria, James Cartier, Our Captaine hearing them, and ſeeing their geſtures 


aud teremonies, alked of them what they ayled, and what was happened oz chanced ane w 5 thep 1 


anſwered, that there were very ill tpdings befallen, faping in French, Nenn eff il bon, that is lo 
lap, it was not good: our Captaine afked them againe what it was, then anfwered they, that their 
God Cudruaigny had ſpoken in rlochelaga:and that he had ſent thoſe thee men to ſhewe vnto 
them that there was ſo much pce and ſnom in that countrep, that whoſoeuer wont thither thouty 
die, which wozdes when we heard, we laughed and mocked them faping, that their God Cudm. 
aigny was but a foole and a noddie, for he knew not what he did oz laid: then bade we them thew 
his mefiengers from vs, that Chi would defend them all from colde, i they would belceue in 
him. Then did they atke of our Captaine ik he had ſpoken with Jelus: he anfweredno, but that 
his Pꝛieſts had, and that he had tolde them they ſhould haue faire weather: which Woes when 
they had heard, they thanked our Captaine, and veparted toward the wood to tell thole newee tn. 
to their felowes, who lodainly came all rufhing out of the wood, ſeeming to be very glad for thoſe 
woꝛds that our Captaine had ſpoken, and to ſhew that thereby they had had, and felt great io, ſo 
ſoone as they were before our ſhips, they altogither gaue out thꝛee grrat ſheekes, and thereupon 
beganne to fing and dance, as they were wont to doe. But fog areſalutien of the matter Taigno. 
agny and Domagaia tolde our Captaine , that their Load Donnacona would bp no meanes per: 
mit that any of them ſhould goe with him to Hochelaga, vnleſſe he would leaue dim ſome hoſtage 
to fap with him: our Captaine anſwered them, that if tbey would not goe with him with a good 
will, they ſhould ſtay, and that for all them he would not leaur off his tourncy thither, 


How our Captaine with all his Gentlemen and fiftie Mariners departed with our Pinneſſe, 
and the two boates from Canada to goe to Hochelaga: and alſo there is defcribed, what 
was feene by the way vpon the ſaid riuer, 


Chap, 5, 

i nert day being the 19 of September we hoyſed faile, and with our Pinnelſe and two 

boates Departed to goe vp the riuer with the flood, where on both ſhozes of it we beganne to 

ſee as goodly a countrey as poſſibly can with eye be ſrene, all repleniſhed with very goodly trees, 
and Uines laden as full of grapes as tould be all along the riuer, which rather ſeemedto haue bin 
planted bp mans hand than otherwiſe. True it is, that becauſe they are not dzelſed and wrought 
as they ould be, their bunches of grapes are not fo great nop ſwrete as ours: allo we ſawe all 
along the riuer many houles inhabited of Fiſhers, which tase all kindes of liſhes and they came 
with as great faniiliaritie and kindneſſe vnto vs, as if we had beene their Countrepmen, and 
brought vs great ſloꝛe of fh, with otber luch things as they had, which we exchanged with them 
fo2 other wares , who Lifting vp their hands toward heauen Saute manp lignes of top : we tapes 
at a place called Hochelai, about ſiue and t wentie leagues from Canada, where the riuer wareth 
dery narrow , and runneth very Cwift, wherefore it is very Dangerous, not onely foz that, but als 
fo forcertaine great tones that ate therein: Manp boates and barkes came vnto be in one ol 
wbich came one of the chiefe Lords of che countrey, making a long diſcourſe, who being come 
necte bs, did by euivent figues and geſtures the w vs that the higher the riuer went, the moze dan: 
gerous it was, ann bade vs take heede of our lelues. The laid Lopppꝛeſentev and gaue vnto our 
Captaine two of his owne childꝛen, of which our Captaine cooke one being a wench 7 oz 8 0 

per 


peres olt 
peeres o 
the fain ! 
the ſhoze 
ter, bam 
and twen 
all which 
we haue l 
Cedars, § 
could be,! 


birds, Tu 
other forts 
ber, we cat 


4 long, all tt 


ſcantling: 
rather it fe 
halke of wa 
with our pp 
found foure 
chelaga, 1 
beake out, 
there was b 
und as farre 
loweſt, foz a 
compaſſe ab. 
leagues bepe 
met with fie 
boat es withe 
what neeret 
llightly and as 
bow. (le fe 
Conn p, and v 
chem kuiues 
they anſwerei 


How our ¢ 
becaut 
how u 


De next 

1 to goeon 
bictuals to be 
wich many Ge 
Dolphin of Fra 
Patiners: and 
the other two thy 
ſperous weather 
ditant from the 
Hochelaga, and 
fith and fuch othe 
Capt ine to ture 
beades, anv lurch! 
Reere Hochelaga 
Who afterward pit 
child, which he ha 
and lik ewile the c 


e 
Cartier. z. 


Faques ( artier. z. Traffiques and Difcoueries, | | 


219 


lucls were, might peres old, che man child he gaue him gaine, becauſe it was too poung, fo? it was but two oz thꝛee 
ut Of the wood co beeres old. Dut Captaine as friendlp and ag courteoullp as he could did entertaine and receiue 
ga; to ſalute bur the lad Lor and his company, gtulng them certalue (malt trilles, and lo they departed toward 
ered, not foz that the hore againe, Afterwards the ſapd Lozd and his wife came vnto Canada to biſite his daugh⸗ 
boat ruſbung out, = ter binging vnto our Captaine certaine ſmall prefents, From the nineteenth until the eight 
and the mid ⸗ and cwentterl of September, we failen bp along the ſaide riuer, neuer loling one houre of tune 
looking toward a all which time we faw as goodly and plealant acountrep as poſſible can be wiſhed koz, full (as 
is people purfue 7 we haue laid before ) of all fogs of goodly trees, that is to fap, kes, Clmes CTlalnut. trees, 
to them, fell you |” Cedars, Firres, Aches, Bore , Ilillowes, ano great lloze ok Uines, all as full of grapes as 
carried into ih could be, fo that ik any of our fellowes went on thoze, they came home laden with them: there 
DD , not one Rap. are likewiſe mauy Cranes, Swannes, Gele, Duches, Fealants, Wartriges, Cube, Blak 
t we might heart birds, Turtles, Finches, Reobzeaſts, Nightingale s, Sparrowes of diuerſe kindes, with many 
eſpie Taignosg. other forts of Birds, euen as in France » AND great plentie and tore, Upon the 28 of Deptem: The laße oe, 
gether , carping ber, we come toa great wide lake in the middle of the riuer fue 02 fire ieagues b20ad, and twelue Angoleime, 
gt y looking tp long, all that day we went againſt the tive, hauing but two kadome water, aul keeping the ſayd 
ow had done be⸗ ſcantling: being come to one ol the heads ol the lake, we could eſpie no paſſage oꝛ oing out, nap, 
g their geſtures rather it ſet med to haue bene cloled and ſhut vp round about, aud there mas but afadome and an 
need ane w; they balfe of water, little mope oz leſle. And therefore we were conſtrayned to cat anker, and to fay 
11 bon, ib 4 to with our Pinneſſe, and went with our two boateg to ſeeke ſome 
d they, that their 


dome going out, and in one place we 
found foure op flue branches, which out of the river come into the lane, and they came tram Ho- 
chelaga, But in the ſaid branches, becauſe of the great fiercenelſe and fwiftnette wherewith they 
breake out, and the courte of the water they make certaine barres and ſhoulds 


en to ſhewe vnto 
nt thither ſhauld 
eir God Cudtu. 


» AND at that time 
chere was but a fabome water. Thole Shoulves being paſſed, we found foure 02 ſiue fadome, 
de we them thew AnD as farre as we could percetue by the flood, it was that time of the yeere that the waters are 
pould belteue in lowelt, fon at other times they lowe higher by thee latomes. All thete foure 02 flue bꝛonches do 
pred no, Lut that compaſſe about fue 02 fire Hlands very Pleafant, which make the head ol the lake: about fifteene 
ch wozdes when leagues beyond, they doe all come into one, That dap we landed in one OF the ſaide Mands, and 
thole newee yn: met with fine men that were bunting of wilde beattes, who ag frcelp and familiarly came to our 
y glad foz thoſe boates without any feare, as if we had euer bene bꝛought vp togither, Dut boates being ſome⸗ 
Felt great ioy ſa what neere the hore, one of them tooke our Captaine in his armes, and caried bim on Hore a 
and thereupon lightly and as eallly as it he had bene a child of fue peeres old: ſo ſtrong and turnie was this kel⸗ 
natter Taigno. low. Cle found that they had a great heape of wilde Nats that liue in the water, as bigge ag a Wit rats a8 
no meanes per: Conn p,and very goodto este, which they gaue vnto our Captaine , who for a recompence gaue en an Conus. 
im ſome hottage them kniues and graſſen Beades. Ie alken them with fignes if that wag the way to Hochelaga, 
5 with a goon they anſwered pea, and that we had bet three Dapes lapling thither. 
er. 
h our Pinneſſe How our Captaine cauled our boatesto be mended and dreſſed to goe to Hochelaga: and 
: : becauſe he way was ſome what difficult and hard, we left our Pinneſſe behinde: and 
leſeribed, what f ; 
how ve came thithet and what entertainement we had ofthe people. 
Chap. 6. 
nneſſe and two Tr De next pap our Captaine fecing that fop that time it was not polſible fo our Pinneſſe een teane 
we beganne to to gve on any further, he cauſed our boates to be made readie and as much munition and ar Pune m 
v goodly trees, bictuals to be put in them, as they could well beare: he Departed with them, accompan 3 
med to haue bin wich many Gentl/ men that is to ſay, Claudius of Ponte Briand, Cup-besrer to the Lozde 
ed and nought Dolphin of France, Charles of ommeraye, lohn Gouion, lohn Poulet, with tu entie ę eight 
[fo we ſawe all Pariners: and Mace Iallobert, and William Briton, who had the charge vnder the Captaine of 
and they came the other two ſhips, to Hoe vp as farre ag they could into that riuer: we faplen with good and pros 
treymen, and erous weather vntili the ſecond of October, on which day we came to the towne ol Hochelaga 
ged with them diftant from the place where we had left our Pinneſſe fue and fortie leagues, In which place of Hochetage bt 
top : we ftapes Hochelaga, and all the way we went. we met with many of hole dountrlemen, who hought vs 1 
e riuer wareth lich and fach other bicuals as they had, till dancing and greatlp tetopcing at our Comming, Dur golcine 43. 
0) that, but al Captaine to ture them in, and to Recpe themour friends, to Fecompence ehem gaue them knives, Ladurs: 
D vs, in one ol beades, and {uch imall trifles, wherewith they were Steatip ſatilũed. Do loone as we were come 
bo being come nere Hochelaga, there came to meete vs aboue a thouland perſons, men, 
, the moze dan · who aftertuarn did as friendl i Drecetue vs ag anp 
gaue bnto our 
ch 7 0} Leight 


peres made 


220 TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, Jaques Cartier. . 


made of Millet, calling them into our boates ſo thicke, that pou would haue thought it to fall f 


from heauen. Thich when cur Captaine Caw, he with many of his company went on ſhoje: ln 
foone as euer we were aland they came cluſtring about vs, making very much of va, bringing 


their young children in their armes. onelp to haue our Captaine and his company to touch tem, ( 
making fignes and (hewes of great mirth and gladnelle, that laiten moze than halle an hour. 
Dur Captaine feeing their louing kindnelle and encertainement of vs, cauſed all the weomen on, 


derly to be let in arap, and gaue them Beades made of Cinne, and other ſuch {mall trilles, and 
to fome of the men he gaue kniues: then he returned to the boates to lupper, and ſo patlen that 
night, all which while all thofe people ſtood on the ſhoe as neere our boates as they might , ma 


king great fires ,and daunting very merily , Ail erying Aguiaze, which in their tongue lignul⸗ f 


eth Wirth and Oaletie. 


How our Captaine with ſiue Gentlemen and twentie armed men all well in order, went i 
fee the towne of Hochelaga, and the ſituation of it. 


Chap. 7. 


Ur Coptaine the next day very carelp in the moꝛning, having very goꝛgeoully attired him 
ſelfe, cauſed all his company to be fet in oꝛder to go to fee the towne and habitation of thot, 
people, and a certaine mountaine that is ſomewhat neere the citie: with whom went allo fiy 
Gentlemen and twentie Pariners, leauing the reſt to keepe and locke to our boates: we tooky 
with vs thece men of Hochelaga to bring vs to the place, All along as we went we found the wap 
as well beaten and frequented as can be, the fairett and beſt countrey that polſibly can be len, 
full of as goodly | by Dkes as are in any wood in France, vnder which the ground was all cq 
a 


Hochelaga ure lered ouer with faire Akoznes. After we had gone about foure opfiue miles , we met by the un 
mies froit 
the rt 


Ede third of 
October. 


fine, one of the chiefeſt Loꝛds of the citie, accompanied with many moe, who fo foone as he fawerg 
beckned and made ſignes vpon vs. that we mutt reſt vs inthat plate where they had made agren 
fire and ſo we did. After that we had reſted our felues there a while, the fai Loꝛd began tomate 
A long diſcourſe, euen as we haue faide aboue, tbey are arcuſtomed to doe in Ligue of mirtham 
kriendſhip, ſhewing our Captaine and all his company a ioytull countenance, and goon will, who 
gaue him two hatchets, a paire ot kniuts and a croſle which he made him to kille, and then put it 


about his necke, fo which he gaue our Captaine heartie thankes. This done, we went along and 

about a mile and a halle farther, we began to linde goodly and large fi ldes, full ok ſuch come as 

Cbts ville is the countrie peeldeth. It is euen as the Millet of Breſil, as great and ſome what bigger then 

Maiz. ſmall peafon, where with they liue euen as we doe with ours. In the mine of thoſe fields is tie 

tertptie citle ol Hochelaga, placed neere, and as it were iopned to a great mountaine that is tilled rouny 

elle — about, ver fertill, on the top of which you may lee very farre, we named it Mount Roiall. Cle 

titie of Hochelaga is round, compaften about with timber, with three courte; of Rampires, one 

within another framed like a ſharpe Spire, but laide acroſle aboue. The middlemold of themis 

made and built as a direct line, but perpendicular. The Rampires are framed and fathionen wi) 

pecces of timber, lapd along on the ground, very well and cunningly ioyned togither after then 

fathion. This enclolure is in height about two rons, It hath baut one gate oz entrie thereat, which 

is ſhut with piles, Rakes, and barres. Ouer it, and alſo in many places of the wall, there be plas 

tes to runne along, and ladders to get vp, all full of tones, forthe vefenceof it. There are in tte 

towne about fiftte houles, about fiftie paces long, and twelue, oz ulteene bꝛoad, built all of wood, 

touered ouer with the barke ok the wood as bꝛoad as any hoor, very fine ly and cunningly ioyned 

togither. TAlithin the fain houles, there are many roomes, lodgings aud chambers, In the mu 

deſt of euery one there is a great Court in the middle whereof they make their lire. They liven 

common togither: then doe the hulbands, wiues and chilogen each one retire themlelues to ther 

chambers. They haue allo on the top of their houles certaine garrets, wherein they keepe ther 

coꝛne to make their bꝛead withall: they call it Carraconny , which they make as hereafter thal 

follow. They haue rertaine peetes of wood, made hollow like thofe whereon we beat ourhempr, 

and with certaine beetles of wood they bent their come to poder: then they make paſte of it, an 

of the patte, cakes 02 treathes, chen they lay them on a broad and hote fone , anv then touer t 

Aer with hote ſtones, anv ſo they bake their ve ad in ſtead of Duens, They make allo ſundyp foptsof 

mengen pott age mith the fain cone ann alfa af noafe and of beanes, whereof they haue great tore, as al 

oper Kalte with other fruits, as Mulke- Millions, and very great Cowcumbers. They baue alto in thet 

Penn of fh houles certaine beſlelg as bigge as any But og Tun, wherein they preferuc and keepe their fit, 

pend a canting the lame in ſommer to be died in the funne, and liue therewith in winter, whereof ta 
m 


a * 
Faque 
make gre 
ny tatt op | 

ing oe 
uer chemi 
as white a 
anp one ha 
then with 
and ſhould 
place wher 
and in the t 
bout their n 
the woplo, ' 
noſe, for we 
aud fiſbingt 


un they ban 
trey, as tho 
FP moe along 


How we 
and o 


O loone: 
topzeſent 
guides broug 
arge ſquare 


ſuith ſignes v 
i gathered ther 


v as could ca 


‘ touch, weepin 


ould, Deftring 
the men caule 
graund round 
hen pꝛeſently 
Carpets, and ſ 
Lhat done, th. 
n their tongue 
bowie vpon th 
heir Loro and 
pparellen ther 
hedgehogs like 
nd his member 
his compan 
ut Capeaine, 
is owne hands 
t vnto our Capt 
ple, Come lam 
ouered their che 
be touched: for i 
peale them, Dur 
pel ol Saint lohn 
pileated, praying 
ake them know 


Pone, he tooke a < 


11020 by word, tha 
ence g were in 
auſed the men all 

het, & ta the chie 
Wet (mall trifleg. 


7 


es Cartier. Jaques ( artier. 2. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries 
| | , 


1500 221 
ie thought it to tall make great prouifion,as we by experience 
v went on Moje : fg wüde ner of flea all, Chepflery 
ch ol va, bringing poe br bg ſkinnes of c 
ay ed 9 uer un Che chang mel paccious that thep 
ure, ow: 
e as white as any ſuow: they take it in the fain riuer o 
b lmall trilles , any | 
and ſo patton tu: 
as they might, ma 


their tongue fignij. 


Il in order, went to I to 


2 attired him 
bitat ion of thoe 
ben went al ta & ner ene 1 and the entertainement which there 
r boates: we tooky aud of cettaine gilts which our Captaine gaue them, with di : 

it we found the wap 0 iuers other things. 


Ha : Ch b. 8. 
olſibly can be teen, D foone as we were tome neere the Cone. 3 1 


ground was alls Otoppeſent themſelues beloze vs after their 
we met by the wiy HF guides brought inco the mivettofbetotme, Eber zun 
cone as hefawers arge ſauare place, being from ſide to five a good ſtones Catt, whithe 
ey had made agren wich lignes were commanded to ays then ſuddeniy all the women 
Low began tomate FE Maecheren themfelues together, part of which had thete and maidens of 
ligne of mirtha ny as could came to rubbe our 
AND good will, w 
— ae 1 0 ben countenance that pollärr 
we went along d Fw eh their childzen. That done, 
ull ok ſuch come es graund round at ate done on the 
ewhat bigger then dieo? other hems: 
F thofe fields is the 
that is tilled roum 
Aount Roiall, The 
Of Rampires, one 
dolemolt of themis heir Lore and 
and faſhioned wi) Npparellen th 
togither after then 6 
ntrie thereat, which 
wall, there be ple 
it, Chere are in tte 
„ built all of wood, He id Agouh 
D cunningly iopner t vnto our Captaine: that bande 
nbers, In the mid: 
ir lire. They liuue in ou 
themlelues tother de touched: fop it feemen vnto 
in they keep thet N esle them 
ke as hereafter ſhal 
we beat our hempt, 
make paſte of it am 
>, and then couctit 
allo ſundy opts of 
great Tore, 28 ll. 
p haue allo in 0 
d ke 
er pee ti fimall p Rniues, @to the women beans euch 
make counters, Ebaoochesmave of Tin, 
wwhereat 


we had, 


— — HäU— 
wbereat they ſeemed to be very glad. That done, our Captaine commanded Crumpets and 


ther muſicall inſtruments to be ſounded, which when they heard, they were very merie. Then we 
tooke our leaue aud went to our boate s the women ſeeing that, put themlelues be Foxe to Aap be 


and ought vs out of their meat es that thep hab made reavie fo vs, as fith, portage, beantg | 


Such other things, thinking to make vs cate, and dine in that place : but becaule the meates hn 
no fauout at all of falc, we liked them not, but thanked them, and with ſignes gaue them to); 
derſtand that we had no neede to cate, Then wee were out of the Towne, diuerſe of the mm 
and women followed vs, and brought vs to the toppe of the foꝛeſaid mountaine, which wer ny 
Mount Roial, med Mount Roial, it is about a league fromthe Towne. THihen as we were on the toppe oll, 
1 ridge or we might dilcerne and plainely (ee thittie Leagues about. Dn the Noꝛthlide of it there are many 
mountanes hilles to be ſeene running Wiek and Ealt, and as many more on the South, amongtt and bt. 
er lebe: tweene the which the Countreyis as faire and as pleaſant as polſibip can be lerne, being leutl 
. I finooth, and verp plaine, lit to be hulbanded and tilled: and in the middeſt of thole fieldes we (ay 
ſhe riuer further vp a great way then where we had left our boates, where was the greateſt an 
the ſwikteſt fall of water that any where hath beene ſeene, and as great, wide, and large as oy 
fight might dilcerne, going South welt along three faire and round mountaines that wee (ary, 
as we iudgen about fitteene leagues from vs. Chole which bought vs thither tolde and dew 
Tales Cantts or vg, that in the ſapd riuer there were thꝛer luch kalles of warce moze, as that was where we hn 
in kane left our boates: but becaule we could not vnderſtand their language, we could not knowe joy 
ef 

being patt, a man might faple the (pace of thꝛee monethes moze along that Niuer, and that ala 
the billes that are on the Moꝛth five there is a great tiuer, which ( euen as the other) comm) 

Seen rod, fromthe led, we thought it to be the riuer that runneth though the Countrey of Saguens 
meth fromthe and without any ſigne oz queſtion mooued o2 alkeD of them, they tooke the chayne of dur Cy 
chere in gels taines wbidle. which wis of filuer, and the dagger-haft of one.of our fellom Mariners, hangiy 


there is gold 
and filuer. 


to our boates we hoyſed ſaile to goe toward our Pinneſſe, doubting of ſome milchenct. Ourd⸗ 


they could: we went ſo faſt that on munday being the fourth of October wee came where ou 


Pinneſſe was. The Tueldap following being the fife of the moneth, we hoyſed laile, and u 


our Pinnelle and boates departed from thence toward the Pꝛouince of Canada, to the port oft Me 
Holy Croſſe, where we had left our hips, The ſeuenth day we came againſt a riuer that com 


meth fromthe Moreh, and ent red into that riuer, at the entrance whereof are foure little Au 


full ot faire and goodly trees: we named that riuer The riuer of Fouetz: But becanſe oned i 
thofe Ilandes ſtretcheth it ſelke a great wap into the riuer, our Captaine at the point of ite 


fed agoodly great Croffe to be fet vp, and commanded the boates to be made readie, that witht Ie 


next cine he might goe vp the ſaide riuer, and conſider the qualitie of it, which wee did, and the 
day went vp as farre as we could: but becauſe we found it to be of no impoztance, and very hub 
low, we returned and fapled Downe the riuer. 


How we came to the Port of the Holy Croſſe, and in what ſtate we found our fhips : a 
how the Lord ofthe Countrey came to viſite our Captaine, and our Captaine him: ui 
ofcertaine particular cuftomes of the people, i 

Chap. 9. : 
View onday being the 11 of October we came to the Poꝛt of the Holy Croffe, when ke 
dur (hips were, and found that the Maſters and Mariners we had lelt there, had mint m 


karre they were one from another. Moꝛtouer they ſhe wer vs with ſignes, that the faidthree fy He 


on his fine being of yellow copper guile, and ſhewed vs that uch ſtulle tame from the laid Rn 
and that there be Agouionda , that is as muchto fap, as euill people, who goe all armed cuen u 
their fingers ends. Alſo they thewed vs the manner and making of their armour: they are mu 
of codes and wood, ſinely and cunningly wꝛought togither. They gaue vs alſo to vnde rum 
that thoſe Agouionda voc continually warre ene againſt another, but becauſe we did not vnn = 
ſtand them well, we could not perceiue how fatre it was to that Countrey. Dur Captaine hewn 
them redde Copper, which in their language they call Caignetadze, and looking towarde the 
Countrey, with ſignes afked them if auy came from thence, they ſhaking their heads anſwen Ie 
ned copper in no: but hey ſhewed vs that it came from Saguenay, and that lyeth cleane contrary to the ot Me 
ene. After we had heard and leene theſe things of rhent , we dꝛewe to our boates at tompanied uh 
a great multitude of thole people: fome of them when as they ſawe anx of our fellowes wem 
would take them bp on their ſhoulders, and carry them as on hoꝛſebacke. So foonc as wem 
trees floureg, 
parture grieuen and dilpleaſed them very much, for they followed vs along the riuer as fame u ep 


Faqu 
reared 4 
rp well 
other ne 
ſoone ag 
ber, bec: 
to be ver 
tertained 
here day 

moneth, ! 
nacona a 
called Sez 
came tom 
women or 
receiued o 
feo all the 
they gaue 
bꝛought to 
with ſuch v 
vs the Chin 

that they w 

warre agar 
came io afl 
where they 

ſons, men, u 

faulted by tl 

out of it to ſa 
they pet for 
do our ſhips 
Thema 
faith 


¥ Dis pec 
ten he tp 
Moꝛeouer the 


that when the 
euen as the ſta 


their crop, ant 


ſpirit: affiemi 


all neceflaries, 
Ouer, that it ia 


many other chit 


belecue, caliny 
delired and pray 
Taignoagny, I 
but becaule wen 
out beliefe g rel 
their countrepm 
fo without them 


nvoagny had ſeen 


3 
es Cartier. 2. 


Famues ( artier. 2. Traffiques and P): f 
rp meric, Chen Jaques Cartier 2, Traffiques, 7 d Difcoueries, 


a reared a trench before the (hips , 
det yuo pe m4 ty well fattened togither: frat 
ule the meter i eeiher nerellarie things to thietoa 
8 gaue them toy. | footie as the Lon of the coun 
diuerſe of the mm 
ine > which wee N 7 fit 
e on the toppe ol, 
of it there ate mm 
, SHON TE and be. 
i 1 5 7 ven abode tg 

5 ek the inhabi 
ene . mets ) the men all on one fine the 8 
—. 7 0 5 aling and after we had falutsD and 
bee te oe, ſuchother ſleigit things: then he cau⸗ 
4 9 515 | our Capiaune was h 0 oed ring of Cin, top which 
alp not brotha which (the qualitie con 5 and Taign 
at the ſaid three b f ntrep peeldeth, e wint 1 
fuer an that aly vs the Chins of five mens heads ſpꝛead vpon w 0 er wichal 
be ober) co u  thatthep were (kins of Toudamani, e vſe parchment 
atvey of Sa “ie SB Ware agammſt them. Porcouer they ’ 
chayne of pe dame to allaule them ea euen into the fain riuer, in an Ila peeres paſt tha 5 
Parintts, hug, eme bap bun the night befoe, as they were y. dt Canada, 


om the laid Run 
all armed cuen a 
our: they are mu 
alfo to vnde rm 
fe we did not unda ; 
it Captaine ſhewa untrey liue: and of certaine co 
king towarde th a 
eir beads anſwirn 
ntrary to the ot. 
accompanied wey 
ur Fellowes wem 
ofoonc as wen 
niſchenct. Our 
ye riuer as farce u 
pe came where ov 
fed faile , and wit I 
1 ib 0 ye mores 
a riuer that com ies v other chi 
fourelictle Am belesue, calin j * 
But becauſe oned 
the point of it cam ie 
readie, that witht ie 
p wee did, and i our belief x religion 
ance, and very du their countreymen, 
oz without them 


rd our fhips : u they he 
Captaine him: mi ties 


nditions: of their 


commodi⸗ 
e countrey 
Joly Croffe, wh i 8, which 
bere, nan 0 s weare a 


duſt ¢ greaſe 


e widdowes. 
T 


. — "a a a — 
224. TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, /aques Cartier.2, 


heir spats, 


abacco bes 
ſcribed. 


Cbey baue a filthy and deteſtable vſe in matryiag of their maidens, and that is this, they put ihem 
all (atter they are of lawlull age to marry) in a common place, as harlots fret fo? tuery man that 
will haue io doe web them, vntill (uch time as che; Gnd a match. This J fay, becauſe J haue 
ſeene by experience many houlen full of thole Demoſels, tuen as out ſchooles are full of childꝛen 
in France to learne to reade. Moꝑeouer, the milrule and riot that they kerpe in thole houſes is ve: 
ry great, fo very wantonly the y {pore and dally togither, Oy wing whatlocuer Ged hath ſent 
them. They are no men of great labour. Chey digge their grounds with certaine peeces of wood, 
as bigge as halle a ſwud, on which ground growerh their cone, which they call Offici : it is as 
bigge as our ſmall peaſon: there is great quantitie ol it growing in Brefill, They haue alſo great 
dope of Mulne-mütons, Pompions. Gourds , Cucumbers, Peaſon and Beanes of euery cor 
lour, pet differing from ours. There groweth allo a certaine kind of herve, whereok in Sommer 
they make great pꝛouilion fo2 all the peere, making great account of it, and onely men dfe of it, 
and Girt they taule it to be Dated in the ſunne, then weare it about their neckes maapper in a little 
beaſts ſkinne made like a little bagge, witha hollow peece of tone oz wood like a pipe: then when 
they pleafe they make pour er ak it. and then put it in one of the ends ol the {aio Comet oꝛ pipe, 
and laying a cole of fire vpon it, at the other ende lucke ſo long, that they fill their bodies full of 
ſmoke, till that it commetb out ok their mouth and noſtrils, cuen as out ot the Connell of a chin 
ney. They lay that this doth heepe tbem warme and in health: they neuer goe without ſome ol it 
about them. Ae our ſeluts haue tryed the fame ſmoke, and hauing put it in our mouthes , it fees 
med almott as hor as Pepper. Che wemen of that countrep doe labour much more then the men, 
ag well in fithing ( whereto they are greatly giuin) as in tilling and hul banding ihc ir grounds, 
and other things: as well the men as women and childzen, are very much moze able to refit to 
then lauage bealles, fo wee wich our one epes haue ſeene Come ofthem, when it was coldeſt 
(which cold was extreme raw and bitter) tome co our ſhips ſtarke naked going vpon (now ¢ pee, 
which thing feemcth incredible to them that baue not let ne it. TCihen as the ſnow and pee lyeth on 
the ground, they take great fore of wilde bealts, as Faunts, Dtags, Bestes, Patterns, Parts 
Fores, with viuers o: her (ores whole lleſh they eate raw. hauing fir dꝛird it in p ſunne o fincke, 
and (o they doe theit fiſh. As karre koonch as we could perteiue env vnderſtand by theſe pecple tt 
were a very e iſie thing to bing them to ſame famuliaritie ¢ ciuility, and make them learne what 
one would. The L od God loꝛ his mc rcies fake let therunto his helping hand when he feerh caule. 
Amen. 
Of che greatneffe and depth of the faidriuer, and of the forts of beafts, birdes, fifhes, and 
other things that we haue feene, with the ſituation of the place. 
C hap. 11. 
T He ſaid river beginneth beyond the Jland of The Aſſumption, ouer ag ainſt the bigh moun 


taines of Hognedo, and of the ſeuen Nlands. The pittance ouer from one fine to the other i i 


about 35 o; 40 leaguts. In the middeſt it is aboue 200 kadome derpe. Che ſureſt way to laple 
vpon it is onthe South fine, And toward the North, chat is to ſay, from ihe laid 7 Jlands, from 
five to ſioe, there is ſeuen leagues diſtante, where are alſot wo great rivers that come downe from 
the hils of Saguenay ,and make diuers very Dangerous fhelucg in the lea. At the entrance of thut 
two riuers we law many e great ope of CQhales and Sea hozſes. Ouerthwart the laid Alan 


there is another little riuer that runneth along thofe marriſh grounds about 3 oz 4 lcazues, weer n 
in there is great Rope of water foules, From the entrance of that riuer to Hochelaga ihere is: felues 


Ren rot ve bat bout 300 ſeagues diftance : the onigrinall beginning of it is in the riuer that commeth from Sguee 
00 Magus. n, which rileth and ſppingeth among b b u feepe bil: it entre th into that riuer before it com 


meth to the Pꝛouinte of Canada on the Moth live, Chat riuer is very deepe, high, and freight, 


allo in the circuit and territopic of Canada, along, eno within the fatd riuer, many other Jlans, 
ſome grest, x ſome ſmall, among which there is one that containeth aboue ten leagues in length 
full ot gvodlp and high trees, and alſo many Uines. Nou map goe into it from both fines, but pet 


the Curett pallage is on the South five, On the hore op banke of that river Meſtward, there is 4 F 


p, faire, and delectable bap oꝛ creeke , conuentent ond lit fortobarbopough ſbips. Herd * 
there is in thut riuer one place ve ry narrow, derpe. o wilt running. but it is not palling the thiw 
part of a league, duer ag ainſi che which there is agoodip bigh peece of land, wich a towne ther 
and the countrey about it is very well tilled a wzougbt, g an good as poſlibip tun de (eene. Thu 
is the place anv above ol Donnacona, and of our two nen we cooke in our ürũ vovage, it is tab 
{ep Stadacona. But befope we come to it. there are 4 other peoplen totoncs,that is to lap. Ayraſte 


es 
« 


ee 

: 
2 

S 


eee 
3 


& 


| echs Capling to 
wbere lone it is very dangerous fo) any veſſell to goe vpon it. After that riuer kolloweth the o 
uince of Canada, wherein are manp people dwelling in open bozoughes and villages. Chere at Fe 


, er 
m. Atake this 
5 — che 


Ofe ſtrange a 
we di 


Icke moneth 
— 


dead ot 
dn dm coed 


— 
Cartier. z. 


a they put them 
tuery man that 
becaule J haue 
full of childꝛen 
le houſes is ves 
t Oed hath ſent 
peeces of wood, 
Offici: it is as 


nes of euer cor 
eo in Sommer 
ly men bfe of it, 


sapped in alittle 


pipe: then when 
Comet oz pipe, 
ir bodies full of 
nell of a chim⸗ 
thout ſome of it 
mouthes , it fees 
Ne then the men, 
their grounds, 
able to reſiſt cold 
n it was coldeſt 
pon (new ¢ pre, 
and pce lpeth on 


ia 
haue alſo gret 1 


4 e 


arterns, Parts e 


ſunne oz fincke, Fe 
ptheſe people tt 


hem learne what 
en he ſeeih cane, 


ft the bigh moun: 
we to the other is 
reff way to (aple 
7 Jlanvs, from 
tome downe from 
entrance of theft 
tt the laid Glands 


4 leagzues, wier? na 
nelaga there iss 


neth from Se gue· 


4 


1 were conuerl. twih 
irdes, fiſnes, and 


F 


olloweth che yo 


both fines, but pet 


Uword, there iu 1 


hips, Herd h 
ot patting the cin 
ha towne there: 
ran be ſeene. Thu 
A voyage, it is tab 
tis to lay. Ayrafe, 

Starnatad, 


bie 1 


4 
8 
2 
BP i: 
a 
25 


4 Moꝛcouer they told 
uer before it om — to Hochelaga, thtte is a riuer that 


igh, and fright 3 


Laques artier. 2. Traffiquesand Diſcoueries. 


f 225 
Starnatan, Tailla, which N 

berech San geg e peter 

eee e. 
big maatane en be — of Hochelay geben, Teguenondahi 
fayo coumnceey on boch fives of the acy ndert ac 


ewer ws lernt. Chere e — . Mf road 


the fore(aidcownes, from which 
2 Waden dt plans Al that counter = Gl of amy topeg oe 
Sad 3 boufes and lodgings, Eger guten tres tora 
ofbeats, Connie 
fils, Badgers, and Rats erceeving grean mb, 


They cloth 
5 — ark bane noching Ale to make them appa, 
many ahs Cranes, @otwannes uttards, porta Birdes. 


8 


we haue lad beſche, 
02 heard — berauſe 


thbettoeene the 


Of certaine aduertifementsand n 
ture from Hochelaga, 


—.—— ve 
pes ond, 
ts bp chee riue 
eh nuer to Hochelaga, and then into 
vo and gaue vs fo 

Samen ba er ba 
iakes, and that Saguenay the it 


ere, 


— to coe to acertaine land, where there ig 


we afken them if there t 


q : 
— tawerd Florida, ae fre ag A coale perceine ano 


Ofaftran e and cruel diſeaſe that Si . ith becaufe 
| came to the peop! adacona , wherew 
wedidheune their company, we were fo —— a5 of our company, 
ag 2 5 ve 


take this place to be any gold oz red copper, 


bet above sortubeceupon werbergenenee ee 
un dm albett tue bad linen themn fronton eee eee Mette Ou Toft ef about ous 


226 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Jaques Cartier.2, 


auer was e ard of 0 ſeene, infomuch as ſome din 
B tate teen wn thers egg toe, ee Snotoes 
ail their Chins Cpotten with {pots of blood of a pur: 
thigbes, thoulvers , armes, and necke ; 
that all the fleſh did fall off , ewen to the 
— n Countte 
perfons : 


twelue dé 


confivering 
. 
EL F 
ioe ficknelTe woos gone fo facte, — commanded, 1 
1 remembzance of i banken 
srt A whilet he 
be would t 
ſome ol it, 
nde it, andt 
4 ' dzinke of tl 
a mozeourr, 
thei - zngu 
1 pꝛeſentlyt 


N i ‘ ifallebey 
long we flayed inthe Port of the holy Croffe amidft the fnow and yce, and how many that J 
ene 21d difea‘e, from the beplaaing of it to the midft of March. 1 —— , 
. Chap. 14. 5 price that 8 
, we were kept in amidſt the pre cr backe age 
Rom the midſt of Nouember vntill the mide ol arch rere lined Bh cau, 
no Des 
would n 
y to hau 


Ntbe one 
divers tut 


een 


Cartier. z. 


i ſomt ds ow by the grace of God we had Notice ofa certaine tree, whereb we e 
op oh | stan ome = hea anion maner how to yſe it. Y weall recoueted ous 
ol blood ol a pur Chap. 15. 
mes, and necke 5 Ur Captaine cunſidering our ellate (and pow chat licknelle was entreaſed and hot 
Loff, cuen to the a us) one day Went toozth of the Fonte, and walking vpon the pte, hee law a troupe of thofe 
s ſichveſſe fpreap 4 Countrepmcn comming from Stadacona,among which 6 Domagaia, who not ten oz 
ine parent :melue bayes afone,bad bene berp liche withthat diſeaſe, and had his knees ſwolne as bigge as 4 
1 i child ot wo peres old, all bis ame (hyuake togerber, bis teeth fpoplen, his gummi rotten, and 
seep woulddaplp | Ginking. Our Car: une ſeeing him whole anpfounn, was cbereatmaruellaus glad, hoping to 
moe chen ifty | 4 Se LONE DEY ECE wen in bealen bite coe enn be mig eae am plea oe 
ur milerp, e that So ſoone as they were come nere atkeo Domegaia bot be bas bane to peale bimtettes be 
deuoutly Aͤnluuered, that Pont ee crate Cappe ofthe Leaues ofa certaine Tree nchen 
von a trie. about: bealed himlelfe: Foz it was a ſingular remedy Againſt tut diſeaſe. Then our ine aſned of 
thatonthe m. im ik any were to be had thereabout, veliring bim to bew bim, fo2 to heale a leruant of bis, tubo 
02 whole, Hout whileſt he was in Canada with Donnacona, was ſtriken with chat bifeate s Chat he did berauſe 
etanies , praying be would not ſbew the number of his ſicke men, Domagaia traighe fene to women to fet 
f. Meruice be ſome ol it, which bꝛought ten oz twelue bzanches of it, and therewithall ſhe ed the way hom to 
ifit would pleas ef bie it, and that is thus, to take the barke and leaues Of the fapacree,ano dolle chemtogether thents 
im Labie of Ro- prinke of the lapd becoction euerpotber dap, ant to put the denn of it vpon bis legs that ia ſicte: 
eres olde, and be mozeouer, they told us, that the vertue of that tree was, ele anp ocher diſeafe: the tree is in 
dtoſee if by F thei · znguage called Ameda 0} Hanneda , this is thought to the Saſſafras tree. Our Captain 
pꝛeſerue there? & prefentipcaufed ſome of that vpink to be made fo his men to Dpink of it, but there was none durſt 
tn a quart at s kaſt ot it, ercept one oz emo tbo ventured the dzinking ok it,onip to taſt Proucitsche other leeing 
£0 , bis blooo wa thardid the lie, and pꝛeſenelp recvueted their healch, and were deliuered of that lickencx, ¢ what 
ic of rotten od ther vile ale ſoeuer, in ſuch te, tharthere mei bene dileaſed and troubled with the 
iched, roughesif Fo Stench hauke foutcop fue peres and mich this Dyinke harr cleane bealen, After this medicine u yevtece ree 
p blacke without, . ͤ aba bouts be ft eacahe wt ae gaint 
ild he was buried. thep were readyto hill one anotber . ſo that atece as big as anp Dake in France man {pelle and Bec. 
nee ſound men in lopped bare, and occupied all in fine op Cire baies, andit Moug et fo . all the phiſi ians of 
z toꝛ bis fellowes, F Mountpéelier — Louaine = * . hae 5 b they wouln not haue 
aute we weren done ſo much in one pere, as et , fo} Neuaile, that as many an bl. 
n b it, hy the grate of Gov rerouered their health. nnn 
and miler, 
1 How the lord Donmacona accompanied with Taignoagny and diuers others, faining that 
ut ol the Foyt, be they would goe to hunt Stags,and Deere, taried out Wo moneths, and at their returns 
againe , he brought a great multitude of people with them, that we were not wont tofee before, 
all his mente 
oe odo a scans are 5 16. 
he toas done. a ile that diſeaſe our the 020 Donnacona, Taiguoagn many o- 
AD to make a grat 8. V thers went from home, faining that they would —— bes » tugleh 
hich tune we en are in their congue called Aiouneſts, ad Afquenoudo, becauſe the pce and {row was not id bo- 
France againe ,if 5 ken along the rier that they could faplesie was told bs of Domagala and others that they would 
on vs, aud ru, tay out . it Shey Mapedahoue too monetbesuiepnee eae 
er was found bya trull chat hep ban bene gone to raſſe the counteep to come againt vs, and do bs fame 
ve ſeeing out ſelues Co weake faint, Albeit we bad (eo luch viligence anu polisie in one Font, 
low that ifall che power of the comnteep han bene about i, could baue done not but looke vp⸗ 
ce and how many amen au derbe mere foorth, manpof the people camedaplp to one 
wi: and brougir vg 
ted meat, as Stage, Deere, fthes, with biuerg other things, but beld them at fuch an excetfine v ing timer 
Nie, that rather then they would Cell them any ching cheape, many times thep twouts tarie them 
. . peer Caer tas becp long, a hep ba ome Laney oo 
n e 5 
n the Uchels n How Denmacona came to Stadaconas aine with a great number of le, and becaufe 
i great: „ che 
LN 1 would not eome to viſit our Captalne, fained — tobe fore uke wich he did on- 
ag ae tins iy to haue the —— 
le, inluchmunn JA the one and twentieth day of April Domagaiacame to the thope five, accompanied with 
1 ‘ — wg Such as we were not wont to (ee, ann tolde bs that their loꝛd 


Donnacona 


Jaques ( artier. 2. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 
— . — 


Donnacona mouldthe next Map come ere fleth, and other 


weakned bp 7 
their comming , ary 4 Te 


another, and ſuch 
were neuer wont to lee, Taignoagny would not permit our men to enter into any houtes, 
but Gill kept them company, and brougye them balfe wey to their Ships, and tolde them thet i 
would pleate our captaine to Chew tim fo much fauour as to take a Lop of the C 
name was Agonna, of whom bee hen rectiued ſome diſpleaſi 
France, he ſhould therefoze le; tuet be bound yuto him, 
7 command him, and e ney i 


bim, and him that bad ſo ohended 1 125 hee did not, but eo 
dapes , in which time none came from Scadacona to dur thippes, as they were wont to doe, but 
rather lied from vs, is it we would haue flaine them, lothat then wee plainelp perceiuen then 


they unverfioon thet 
kozlaken the bottome of a (hip 
came from 


the Holy Croſſe, nb to bying 


1 


fhielo to be 


 {etters, Fr 


there came 


that their 


vgl be 
nueere our fh 


nance, alb 


noagny, w 
|) hpoughe fo 
tome into o: 
that after a 


d 


q Captain by 
ſhould not c 


er 


that onelpb; 
number, top 


and oth 
of France 
king to the ot Pei 


nacona and his 


— — 


sCartier.2, | Faques (artier.2, Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 229 
— = 
How that ‘poe Holyrood day 77 Captaine 3 a Croſſe to be fer Vp in our Forte: and 
i how the Lord Donwacona, Taignoa Vemagala, and others of theircompan a 

3 = 9 and of che taking of the fayd Lord” . i ea 
ned to leaue ont: he third ol May 60 eee ae, fo) the folermitie ok the bay, Caufen a 
ir oy | 1 fapꝛe croſſe of 33 Foote in height to bee et bp, vnder the croſſet of which hee cauled a 
to tell ie vs, am | ſleld to be hanged, wherein were the Armes of France and ouer them was wzitten in antique 
dae, letters, Pranci{cws primus Dei gratia Francorum Rex regnat. And vpon that day about noone, 
to them, accom there came a great number of the people of Stadacona, men, women, and childzen, who told vs 

that their Lopo Donnacona, Taignoagny, and Domagaia were comming, whereof we were ve: 
uacona,t by w glas, hoping to retaine them. About two of the clocke in the alternoone they came, being come 
e ſayd Donnaco- neere our ſhips, our Captaine went to ſalute Donnacona, who elſo ſhe wer him a Mery countes 
aining to bee verp naitce albeit very fearetullp bis eyes were Mill bent toward the wood. Shoꝛtip after came Taig- 

r they wen noagny, who bade Donnacona that he thouty not enter into our sorte, and therefore fire wag 
ſuch men ther, bought fozeh by one of our men, ¢ kindled where their Loꝛd was. Dur Captaine pꝛaped him to 
any other bouts, tome into our hips to eate e dzinke as hee was wont to do, and alſo Taignoagny, who promifen, 
de them that ku that after a whilehe would come, and lo they did, xx entred into our hips : but fir it was told our 
Councrep, Captain by Doma gaia, that Taignoagny bad fpoken illof him, y that he had bid Donnacona hee 
im with him ine ſhould not come avoozd our chips. Out Captaine perceiuing that, came out ok the Forte, and faw 
mwherſoeuer hr: that unelpby Taignoagny his warning the women ran awap, and none but men ſtaped in great 
mn anfiwere, Ou number, wherefore be draght commanded his men to lay hold on Donnacona,Taignoagny, and Donnacona, 
bat end, purpoſid Domagaia, g two moze of the chicfet whom he pointed bnto: then be commander them to make Pose vine, 
gay, Domsgiis, the other to retire, Pꝛeſently after, the fain loꝛd entred intoche Foye with the Captatne, but by e 

0 aignoagny came to make him come aut againe. Dur Captaine feeing that there was no o⸗ 
C68 el ther remedp. began to call vnto them to take them, at whole crie and volte all his men came lozth, 
hel Saguenay, in and tooke the ſayd Loꝛd with the other a whom they had appointed to take. Che Canadians ſee⸗ 
ho othe ing their Lozd taken, began to run awap eurn as theepe befoze the wolle, ſome croſſing ouer the 
¢ bee bad bene in riuer Come through the woods, cach one lecking for his aue aduantage. That done, we retired 
it — our lelues, and laid vp che pꝛiſoners vnder good guard and ſafety. 
n tramaſling 1 
oulet, andthe: low the {aid Canadians the night following came before our thips to ſeeke their men, cry. 
noagny bis wii ing and howling all night ite Woolues Of the talke and conclufion they agreed vpon 
him, and thewe > the next day: and ofthe gifts which they §aue our Captaine. 
5 snp i Chap, 19, 
; 2 two ee hey caine before our thips, (theriuer being beetwirt be) ttriking their 
vont to dot 8 1 Sar repo bo 3 Hill calling Agouhanna, thinking to (peake 
perteiutd with our Captaine foʒ me would not permit, neither all the next d till noone, 
P tet ; they made ſignes vnto vs, that we had banged oz killed bim. About note cere came 
and that wein a6 great anumber in a clutter,as euer we ſam, who went to hide themlelues in the Fozelt, except 
of ie, the ch ſome, who with a loud voice would call and crie to Donnacona to ſpeake vnto them, Dur Cap⸗ 
h did paſſe um ¶ ttiine chen commanded Donnaconato be hzought vp on bigb to fpeake vnto them, and badebim 
noc come over : be merrie, lap after he had ſpoken and ſhe we unto the Ring of France what bee hav ſeene in Sa. 
» toould come guenay aud other countreps,after tenoꝛ twolue moneths, be houto rerurne againe, und that the 
ved him thather of France would giue him great rewards, whereat ac ona mas very glad, and {peas 
ne refutes do bor king to the others, tolp ie them, who in token of top, gaue out ther Creat ctpes, and tien Don- 
ance, onelp tha nacona and bis people ban great talke together, which fo wantof interpreters, cannot be deſcri⸗ 
" bed. Our Captaine bade Donnacona that bee ſhould tauſe them to come to the other five of the 
2 mer to the end they might better talke together without any feare, that ſhould ature them: 
wn the ocher Donnacona dib, and there came a boate full of the chiefett of them to the ſhiys and there as 
bouts neuer tr nen began to talke together, giuing great pꝛaife to our Captaine , and gaue him a ppeſent of foure 
} taas the bapof and esof Eſurgny, fo that is the greateſt and Pꝛeciouſeſ riches they haue inthis Koure and 
wap, fon they moze of that, then of anp guld oz fuer, Ader rer bap ken aer tue sya bets 
halb andthat their ¥ orn fade stat e was no remedy to auolde bis going into France, her 
commmded his Banterde next dap, to hing him oe bictuals to or bim by the Oe Our 
Captaine gaue nnacona, as a great pꝛelent, t hannes o r, eight Patchets, 
How ind other — » &$ Rniues, and Beades, whereot ber ſeemed robe be 


berpglad, who ſent 
erp gt — 


them to bis wives and childzen. Likewite,be gaue to them that came to ſpenke with Donacon notice. 

they thanked him greatly lo them, and then went to their longings. — +: 

f 

How the next day, being the fift of May,the fayd people came againe to fpeake vnto the cannot | 

Lord,andhow foure women came to the ſhore to bring him victuals. iM and a ha 

f eutranc 

Chap. 20. wma 

Vio the fifth of Pap, very early in the morning, a great number of the Capo people um 1 She 

againe to ſpeake vnto their Lold, and ſent a Boate, which in their tongue they u ! coaſte Ip 

Caſnoni, wherein were onelp foure women, without any man, fo2 feare their men oul x and becat 

tetained. where w 

Theſe women bꝛought great Tope of victuals, as great Millet, which is their cozne that they; to Saint! 

liue withall, fle ſh, fuſh, and other things after their fathion, ſhelues, t 

Thele women being come to our ſhippes, our Captaine did very lriendly entertaine tu. league in 

Then Donnacona prayed our Captaine to tell hole women that hee ſhould come againe a of France 

ten otwelue moneths , and bring Donnacona to Canada with hun: this hee ſapd onelp to; moneth. v 

peaſe them, which our captaine did: wherefoge the women, as we ll by words as fignes, ſcemtu called Ro 

be berp glad, citing our Capt aine thanks, and told him, ik he came againe, and bought Dona. i one of our 
cona with hun they would give him manp things: in ſigne whereof , each one gaue our Cepmt and with le 
a chaine of Elurgny, and then palſed to the othe: five of the riuer againe, where food all the yep the fire of 3 
ple of Stadacona, whotaking all leaue of their L od, went home againe, On Saturday fo. here endin 
lowing, being the firt of the moneth, we departed out of the Capo Pozt of Santa Croix, and tem in the end b 

The Ade ot to harborougb a little beneath tbe Iſland ok Orleans, about t welue leagues from the Poptofie Fe 

Orleans. Holy Croſſe, and vpon Sonday we came to the Bland of Fuberds, where wee ſtayed vntilie ö Here fe 
MedeCoudies Feecenth af that month, ill the fercenefle ofthe waters were paſt, which at that time ranne o and ( 


fwifea courſe, and were too dangerous to come downe along the riutr, and therefore we yo 


till faire weacher came, In the meane whiz many of Donnaconas ſubiects came kromthen 
wet of Saguenay to him, but being by Domagaia aduertiſed, that their Loꝛd was taken tobte 
carped into France, they were all amazed: pet for all that they would not leaue to come to out 
{hips, to ſpeake to Donnacona, who told them that after twelue moneths he Mould come againe, 


and that he was very well vſed bythe Captaine, Gentlemen, and Mariners. Cibich when ther fe 


beard, they greatly chanken our Cep:aine and gaue their Lozdel2¢¢ bundles of Beaucrs, and la 

smite ofred Clooluesfkinnes , witha great knife of red copper tha commeth from Saguenay, and othe 
dein . 9 things. They gaue alfo to our Captaine a chayne of Efurgny, fo; which our Captain aut 
them ten oꝛ twelue Datchees,and they gaue him hearty thankes, and were verp well contenter, 

The nert dap, being the firtecnth of Pap, we hoyſed ſayle, and came from the fad Iſlind of Fy: 

berds, to another about fifteene leagues fromit, which is about fiue leagues in length, and there, 

tothe end we might take ſome rell the night following, we Raped that day, in hope the nert dy 

we might palſe and auoide the vangers of the river ol Sa guenay, which are great. That cuening 

Wwe went aland and found great ffoxe of Dares, of which we tooke a great many, andtherefore ut 

‘The Ile of Hares Called it The Iſland of Hares: in the night there arole a contrary winde, with ſuch tormesan 
tempeſt, that wee were constrained to returne to The Ifland of Filberds againe, from 

whence wee were come, becaufe there was none other palſage among the fapde Wanres, 

and there we Raped till the one and twentieth of that moneth, till faire weather and good winde 

tame againe: and then wee ſapled againe, and that ſo pꝛoſpcroullp, that wee paffed to Hon. 

guedo, which paſſage vntill chat time had not bene diſcouered? wee cauſed our ſhips to courſe : 

thwart Cape Prat which is the beginning of the Pozt of Chaleur: env betaule the winde was 

The Ilie er Fuad and conuenient, we lapled all day and all night without ſtaying, and the next dap we cameto 
Brion. the middle of Brions Iſland, which we were not minded to doe, to the end wee might ſhozten our 
way, Thele two lands lie Mozthweſt, and Southeaſt, and are about fiftic leagues one from a 

other, The ſapd Band is in latitude 47 degrees and a halle. Upon Thurſdap being therwenty 

fire of then neth, and the featt of the Afcenfton of our Lozd, we coaſded ouerto a land and thal: 

Tow of lowe (andes, which are about eight leagues Southiet from Brions Ifland,aboue which 

are large Champaines, full of trees and allo an encloled fea, whereas we could neither ſee, na 

perceiue any gappe oꝝ way to enter thereinto. On Friday following, being the 27 of the monet), 

becauſe the wind nin change on the coat, we came ee Brions and gane, were wee lud 

kill ehe beginning of June, and toward the Boutheaſt ofthis Alland, wee fate a lande, fees 

ming vnto vs as an Alland, we coalted it about two leagues and a halle, and by the way we hn 

8 91 . notice 


—— 


the Fis exe 
che Nate 
a Mans me: 


* es 

es Cartier. 2. 
ag 
ze wich Donacony, a 


8. 


e fapd people tun 1 
r tengue thep cay P 

heir men Gout yf 
eit cone that thy 4 


ly enttrtaine t. 
come againe am! 


i » being che fourth of June, and 

coatte bung Cattfoutheat, vitane from the Newfoundland atour mea? et Aeon i of the 

and becauſe the wind was againſt us, wee went to a Hauen, which wee named S. 8 A 
where we Raped till Cewelday that we departed thence, ſayl + OP orte 
to Saint ae —.—— ö — 5 found along the ſayd coat 
ſhelues, thi in the way Cattfourheat and Utedknozthweſf, abo 
leagues into the ſea. AAhlleſt we were in 4 About thpee ard twenty 
of France and of rine’ wee fapen there Peat See Peters Ilands we met with many 


j Saint Barnaba Ws 
¢ Capp onely tomy nerd vnett chetrteenth her tenepartevthencs ecametaCapeRcn af . — of the 
Agnes, feemery f callev Rognoſo, where weetooke in krech water, ano wood to paſſe the feat the A a Pozt 
d bꝛought Donn: one of our voates, Chen vpon Pondap being the nineteenth of June, we went Paid ee left 
gaue our Ceprart aud with luch gooo and profperous weather we failed along che fea, in fe Rone that Poze, 
e Mood all the pr the fire of July 1536 we came to the Wore ol s. Malo, by the grace of God, to ate, that vpon 
Dit Saturday fo) bete ending our JRawigation, that of bis infinite merey be will grant bs bis I m we pray, 
Croix, and cem inthe end ping vs to the place of eueclading felicisie, Amen, Grace and fauout, ang 
ghia eh Here followeth the language of th 
re Taped vneillie ot the countre ; 
hat 1 ranne and Canada, of vs called ee L. and kingdomes of 
hertfoze wen 
came fromthen 
was taken tobte 
neto come to our 
ld come againe, 

Aich when they 


10 

3 Here follow the j 

1 names of the chiefeſt 
1 0 na words neceflary to be knowen, Panes of man, and other 
p well contenter, 
fatd Iſlind of Fi theHead bn a Womans member caftaigne 
length, and there, begueniafcon 3 Eele Gare 
yope the nert dy ata aSnaile 2 ö 
1. That cuening ontafcon a Tortois a, 
andeherefope we “fae Woods tone 
fuch ſlonnes am son 9 leaues of Trees bega 
is ggaine, fen ae God cndragny 
ſayde * 4 giue me fome drink 1 
end good winde 6 giue me to breakfaſſ 
re patted to Hon. begauaſcon iue me m as 754% bon qna{caboa 
hips to course: 
e the winde was 
t dap we tame iu 
tobe ſhozten our 
ues one from an 


eing thetwenty 


betnegradafom | a Child 3 
a land and thal: agechinegodafeen a Gowne ae 
ind, aboue which 2 a Dublet c 
1 01 vith auc hudeſcon Hoſen * 
7 of the moneth, ag nog Sho oo 
shite wee Lapis shire 


8 
wap we han 
the way ahi 


232 The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, /aques Cartier.3, 


Bread carrac iue me a knife buaxabca agobeda 
Water ame id eklatchet adog ne . * 
Flefh quabonafcon aBow abenca a der, bi. 
Reifins eater a Darte quahetan woche 
Damſons onnefta let vs goe a hunting] Ca/igne donmajcat bob the e 
Figges abjconda aStagge aionnelta teꝛuuten 
Grapes oxoba aSheepe afquenonde |  powne, 
Nuttes quahoya a Hare Sour banda nnd bec 
Hen fabomgahoa a Dogge agaya determi 
a Lamprey Alte aTowne canada he thoug 
aSalmon ondacon theSea age “fy which be 
a Whale ainne hom the waues of the fea p> letters f 
2 Gooſe fadegnenda an Ifland cobena on che fi 
a Streete an Hill agacha him. An 
Cucumber feede | cafconda the yce honnefta and view 
to Morrowe achide Snow camſa formance 
the Heauen Juen Colde athas fſdoze, and 
the Earth damga Hotte oclaxani fleur tom 
the Sunne yfmay Fier axifia | faive,che 
the Moone afomaha Smoke ques of Pap, 
the Szarres ſlagnebobam aHoule canoca out bpres 
the Winde . Beanes abe moneths | 
good morrow aignag Cinnamom adbotathny that time 
ſet vs go to pl ceſſęno candy my Father > though ch 
come & fpeak with | afigniquaddadia | my Mother wherein tl 
iooke vpon me (me guagathoma my Brother addagrim at the ende 
hold your peace afta my Sifter adboaffeue But the les 
let vs go with y boat | ca/gno cafnony — the cauſe t. 
f other beaſt 
Chey of Conada lay, that it is a moncths lapling to goe to a lande where Cinnamom and with Sive 
Cloues are gathered. fayling on t 
Vere enveeh the Relation of lames Cartiers pifcoucrp and Nauigation to the Newfoundlands, FPF of frei) wa 
bybim named New France, Canada. (u 
2 — 
Thethird voyage of diſcouery made by Captaine Iaques Cartier, sp 
1540.vnto the Countreys of Caneda,Hochelaga,and Saguenay. . b 
ny wome 
N Ing Francis the fir hauing heard the report of Captaine Cartier his Pilot nacona and 
00 <2) general in his two fopmer Clopages of diltouerp, as well by wziting as bp that hts body 
cf > won of mouth, touching that which bee bad ſound and ſeene inthe Clem f <0 would ne 
1 A partes dilcoue rev by bim in the pertsof Canada and Hochelaga, and hung thele lprerbe 
Vv yop allo ſeene and talked with the people, which the ſayd Cartier had bꝛougtent ountrey bye 
* of thofe Countreps, whertok one was king of Canada, whole name twas of tanned leat 
Donnacona, and others: which after that they had bene a long time in France and Britaine, which they eft 
were baptizen at their owne deſire and requeſt, and dic d in the ſapd countrey of Britaine. Aud trowne, and h 
Urn Sensgrs beit bis Pateltte was aduertizep bp the ſapd Cartier of the Death aun deteale ol all the people dl Einoguy,m 
Aouszt n which were brought ouer by bim (which were tenne in number) lauung one little girle about into him grea 
France, tenne peeres old, yet he refoluen to fend the ſayd Cartier his Pilot thither againe, with lohn fee tine tooke bi 
Joba Franeb de Francis de la Roche, Knight, Lond of Roberual , whome hee appointed his Lieutenant and Gor tertaine {mal 
Ren t uernour in the Countreys ot Canada and Hochelaga, aud the (apo Cartier Captaine generall ward he would 
and leader of the ſhippes, that they migbt dilcouer moze then was done befoze in the lam hat he had mat 
voyages, and attaine (ik it were pollible) vnto the knowledge of the Countrep of Sague- their boates, ¢ 
nay, whereof che people brought by Cartier, as is declared, made mention onto the King, potty Canada a 
Great vives that there were qreacriches, andverpgoodcountceps. And the Ring caufenarsrtaine ſum f 4. leagues big! 
1 of money to be velnuered to furnith out the ſayd vopage wich Aue Thippess Which thing EF . Sumer, An 
twbich ts be. bp the ſayd Monficur Roberual and Cartier, After that chep had agreed together Be ber iret w 
et 


gos ais, bo rige tye (apo fiue (hips at Saint Malo in Britainc , where the two former voyages han Lene 


— ß ica 
5 Cartier.3, Faques Carthier.3. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 233 
. Stestoniseemee a. 2 
obeda ed and let forth, And the fain Monſieut Roberual ſent Cartier thither lo the f; = 
* OF cherie Cartier had caufen the far fine (hips to bee butte and ane 8 purpote, 


ſhed and fee in gouo 02+ 


pet,Monfieur Robetual came downe to S. Malo and found the ſbips fatten dowune to the roade, 


1 —— —— ae NE eR oe, 
g 3 


with their pards acroſſe full ready to Depart and ſet lalle, aping for nothin elle but ti 
e bob the ener all, and the payment of the furnuure. And bec auſe Monfieus Robetual the hinge 
eita lieutenant had not as pet bis artillery, powder and munitions, and other things necellary come 
yonde bowne, which he had hiouided fo the voyage, in the Count reps of Champaigne and Normandie; 
anda and hecanſe the ſald things were very neceſlaty, and that hee was loth to kepart wuhout them, he 
determined to depart from S. Valo to Roan, and to Piepare a ſhip oz two at Honfleur » Whither 
le he thought his things were come: And that the laid Cartier ſhoulde de part with the ſiue Hhippes 
5 wbtch be bad furnithed,anv ſhould goe before, Coulidering allo that the lald atier had receiucy Th ingo tera 
letters ſtom the king whereby hee did erpelly charge bin to depart ano fee faple immediatiy vps tere ie Carer, 
1 on the fight and recett thereof, on Pune of incurring his dilpleaſure, and to lap all the fault on 
a him. And alter the conclufionof ctheſetbings, and the ſald Monſieur Roberual bad taken mutter 
2 and bie m of the gentlemen, ſouldiers, and mariners which were retained and chofen for the pete 
A formance of the fayn vopage, hee gaue vnto Captaine Cartier full aut hozitie to de part and woe be⸗ 
fore, and to gouerne all things as if he had bene chere in perlon: and himſelke Departed to Hon. 
ad leur to make his farther preparation, After tbele things thus dilpatched, the ninve comming 
g faire the Fopelapo fue thips fet fapletogether well kürnihed anh Viccualled for two peer, the 23. 2 . ot ay 
of May. 1540. And we faile fo long with contrary winds and continual tozments, which fell 540 
0 out by realon of our late departure, that wee were on the lea with our f apd fue thips full thice 
: moneths before wee could arriue at the Bot and Hauen of Canada, without euer hauing in all A ee 
athny that time 30. houres of good wind to ſerue vs to Keepe out right courte: lo that our fine thippes Walon. 
though thoſe ſtozmes lott company one of another, all ſaue two that ke p: together, to wit that 
52 wherein the Captaine was, and the other wherein went the Gicount of Beau pre, vntill at length 
at che ende ol one moncih wee met all together at the Hauen of Carpoat in Newfoundland. cen: Heuen, 
pn But the length of time which we were in palling bet weene Britayne and Newfoundland was 
— the cauſe that we food in great neeve of water, be cauſe of the cactell, alwell Goates, Hogges, as ¢rantyorrin 
other beadtes which we caried for bee de in the Countrey, which wee were condrainedto water ee and 
nn mid Spiver anv other ute, Bom therefore becaute we were the (pace of thace monetys in Patt! 8 
fayling on the fea, and taping in New foundiand, tuapting fo) Monſicur Robe rual and taking m . 
Newfoundlands, offre water and other things neceſlary, wee arriued not hefoze the Hauen ol Saincte Croix in 
Canada. (where in the former voyage we had remayncd eight monerhs) vntill the 23. day of Au⸗ 
guſt. In which place the people of the Countrey came to our ſhippes, making ſhew of oy fag our 0. 0 Au 
0 arrtuall, and namely he caine thither which bab the rule and goucrument ofthe Counttey of Ca. 
44 ( artier, nada: names Agona, which was appointed king there by Donacona, when in the former vopage 
we carried him into France: And hee came to the Captaines hip with 6, 02 7. boates, anv with A Et: hing 
* many women and childzen. And alter the ſayd Agona had in uired of the Captaine where Do. 
Cartier his Pilot nacona and the reſt were, the Captaine anſwered bim, That Donacona was Dead in France and 
by wniting as bp that his body reſted in the larth, and that the reſt tape there as great Loans, and were maried 
in the eltern n would not returne backe into their Countrey: the laid Agonamade ry ſhe we ok anger at ali 
lage, and bauing tbeſe ſpreches: and I ehinke he tooke it fo well betaule he remained Lon» and Gouernouc of che 
“ hab bpougrbe out countrey bp the death of the Cain Donacona, After which conference the fain A ona tooke a piece 
whole name thas of tanned leather of a pellow ſkin edged about with Efnoguy (which is their riches and the thing 
ace and Britaine, which they efteeme mot ppecious,as wee elteeme geld) which was vpon bis head in freav of a 
of Britaine. ul troune, and he put the fame on the head of our Capcaine and tooke from his writs two b zacelc ts 
fe of all the people of Etnoguy, and put chem upon the Captaines armies, colling him about the necke and hewin 
little girie about vuta him great ſignes ok ip: which was alldiſſimulation, 25 akterwordit Wel eppcared. The cap: Brent dlm · 
radne with lohn taine tooke his ſaid crowne of leather and put it againe bpon his head, and gaue him and bis wiu g ton of a 
eutenancann Gor fi stainefmal pefenes, ignitping buto hach bat be babbrough ce dune new ebings, which aie . 
Taptaine generil wum be would below pon him: fon whichche fap Agona thanked the C tatne. And after 
Fone in dhe fopme that he bad mabe him and bis company eat and dainke,thepvepartedanoreturnen tothe ſhoze with 
untrep of Segue FE hel boates. Alter which things the Capp Captaine went with two of his boates bp the river, be: 
n tonto the King, pou Canada and the Poꝛt of daincte Croix, to view a hauen and a mall river, which is about 
arertaine ſumm 4 leagues bigher which he found better and moze commodlous te tide in and iap his fhips, then n good roang 
Which thing Be be fazer. Andtherrfoze he beuurned and cauled all his thips to be lought betoze the fap tiuer, Jour Lg 
Wagters together ud ara lowe water he cauſed his Dpoinance to bee planted to plate his Hips in mone ſaftie, which Cie 
opageshan Lem be menm to keepe and tap inthe Countrep, which 9 claee: which het did che day following, 
prepare and 


u N 
rh) a 


234 The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, Tagues ( arthier. . 


e ri ich place the victuals any 
Dehe reſt remayned in the roade in che midoc ſt of he river In which p 
— 2 — difcharged, which they had broughe) from the 26, of Augue until the (¢, 


ime they Departed co returne fo) S. Malo in which eps he ſent backe > Pate 

3 3 — trent in — Steven Noel his Nephew, ſkiltull and txecllent pilots, 1 and vic 

weh lecters onto the hinged to abucetife bun uh had dene Done nw found: and bo Monfieuy | — 

de Roberual was not pet come. aud that hee feared that bp occafion of contrary winds and tem 2 

pelts be was dpiuen bac ke againe into France. | 110 ot 

The defcription of the aforefaid Riuer and Hauen. : — 

1 mall, not paſt 50, pales boad, and ſhippes dꝛawing three fathoms water wuernt vp 

2 atoll feat — a alow water there is nothing but achanell of afoote veep 2 

0 thercabout. On bot} fives ofthe ſald Rluer tere are very good and faire grounds, 1 of ag 4 ous 7h 

faire andinightie trees as anp be in the world, and diuers ſozts, which are aboue tenne fathoms 3 — — 

Creesadone higher then the reit, and there is one kind ok tree abaue ihzee fathoms about, which wer in the bin — 

baute a Countrep call Hanneda, which hath the mort ertellent vertue of all the trees of ae d, Wheres Bw. 

Hannedathe ok 1 will make mention hereafter, Mozeouer there are great tore of Okes the mo 2 a 5 — oy 
ireeotipe a that euer J fatwin mp fe, which were lo laden with Matt that they cracked againe: belldes this 13 5 
ba. thervarcfaieer Arables, edats, Beeches, and other trees, then grow in France rand hard un in be 
— this wood on the South live the ground is all coucred with Aines, which we found Liven with Beas feem 
Dinca tuiot grapes as Hacke as Mulberies, but they be not lo kind as thole of France becaute the Ulnes bet 1 me Depa 
— — tilled, and betauſe they grow of their owne acroꝛd. Mozeuer there are many White Ehornes, Lleuenth d. 
i ich bea bigge as oken leaucs,andftutt line vnto Pedlers. Co bee hoz, ir is a4 Tone ot 
ruittine wblcb beare (eaties as bigg Int fire, Ae ſowed leedes bere of farce vp as 
oro. good a Countrey to plow and mannure as aman ſhould lind 02 velire, 1 } e 
our Countrey,asCabages, aucaus,Letrifes and others, which grew and prong vp out of te 1 

8 ground in eight dayes. The mouth of the riuer is toward the Douth, and it windeth Moreh war y nd alter u 
Ms eyes. like vnto a nale: and atthe mouth of it towatb che Gattthere teabigh and teepectiffe,whercwe ] aud greae ro 
— made a way in maner of a payze ofſtaires, and aloft we made a ore to keepe the nether Fozt any : we Ant 
the ſbips, and all things that might paſle afwell by the great as by this Imall riuer. Mozteuer a 3 * — we 

1 great plaine man may behold a great extenſion ot ground apt foꝛ tillage, ſtraite a handfome and ſomewhat ; — — b 
Aale ground. enclining toward the South, as ealle to be bꝛought ta tillage as I would defite,and very well res deer we kound 
SOE TOMY leniſhed with faite DRes anbotherttecsor great beauty,no thicket thenthe Fozt elis ol Fance. Ip. Annatte 
bere wee ſet twenty men to wozke, which in one day had laboured about an acre and an halfe k 2 n t 
the laid ground, and fowen it part with Naueaus oz ſmall Turneps, which at the ep ok cight 5 5 ; pours 
bayes,as I (aid before ſpꝛang out of the earth. And vpon that high cliffe wee found a faire foun. 18 — ag 
taine very neere the lapd Fozt: adiopning whereunto we kound good Hope of ſtones, which we e f 5 4 — 
fteemed to be Diamants. On the other foe of the laid mountaine and at che foote thereof whichis 12 Makin — 
Sal towardsthe great River ts all aleng a goodly Pyne ok the belt pron in the wold, andit rearhey fp * 5 a 
an PLONsPIne, oy on hard vn:o ol Fozt and the land which we treadonis perfect eefinen Pyne, ready to be put to Saou, = 15 
Leanesof fine into the foꝛnace. And on the waters five we found certaine leaues or tine gold as thicke as a mas guenay, § 


d River there are, as hath bene layd, many Faire trees: and town 
ta ma the „ kate aud Bot gtafle as pa faire in any Medowe in 
Lacke France: and be twerne the fapo Medow and the CCtood are great ſtoꝛe of Uines: and beyond the 
Eretlent and {ard Aines the land groweth full of Pempe which groweth of tt Celfe which is as guod ag polliblp 


oug bempe. may be ſeene and as ſtrong. And at the ende of the fapd Medow within an hundzed paſes there is a 


vs the lame wit 
and afterward 
lade marke t 


m bunden Her 
i swhich is of a kind of late one blacke and thicke, wherein are veines of mpnerall . 

—.— 44 bene like gold and ſiluer: and thzoughout all that Rone there are great graines of A S#teethary 

che layd ne. And in Come places we haue found tones like Oiamants, the molt faire, poll Aber uteth 
fhen and excellent ip cut that it is potttbic fora man to ſee, when the Sunne ſhineth vpon them, cluded te 3 
they glitter as it were ſparkles of fire, | Minber of 400. p 
3 Tove of our ton 
How afr ir the departure of the two fhippes which were fent cats ache 
backe into BNritaine, and that the Fort was begun to be builded, the Ca ditlebatchee @ hoa! 
taine prepared two boates to goe vp the great Nuuer to difcouer the paflage of trukthem foy alt ef 
three Saults or falles ofthe Riuer, Caan then i 
; F i cing Done, 

capa Captaine bung difpattben two fhyps to returne to carrp netoed,secopding er 11 

. bgynn tbc ge np begunco be bunloed, fop pyeteruarion of f Uicbwhom rhe 


dhe FE Mr him: But he 


— e 
( arthier. z. 


e che victuals any 
gud vnt ul the fc, 
hips he ſent backe 
aD excellent pilots, 
ND HOW Monficur 
v winds and tein; 


uen. 


te fathoms water 
ell ol a foote veepe 
runde, kull of ag 
zue tenne fathons 
which they in the 
the world, wheres 
the molt excellent 
aine: belides this 
ce: and hard ynto 
found Laven with 
ife the Ulnes bet 
p White Shoones, 
bee ſhdzt, tt is ag 
wed leedes bere of 
Nong vp out of ie 
ndeth Mozthward 
pe cliſle, where we 
e nether Fozt am 
set, Moztouer 3 
ne and ſomewhat 
and Very well rex 
ozteſts ol France, 
re and an halle of 
he ende ok cight 
und a faire foun: 
ones, which we 
thereof, whichis 
d, and it reatheth 
, ready to be put 
thicke as a mang 
reeg: and town 
any Medowe in 

r and bepond the 

B good as poſſibly 
d pales thereis 
ines ok mpnerall 
great graines of 
mol faire, poll. 
neth vpon them, 


1 were fent 
led, the Ca 
e paflage of 


1e a 4 
tion 
e 


—— 2 - er ee oe ee 
Iaques (arthier.», Trattiques and Diſcoueries. 235 
thee vice uals and other th 8 determined wich the Alcount of Beaupre, andother Gea ie, 

Paſters, and Pilots choten oy counfaple,to make a vopage with un oer frig —— fi tet 

ann victuals to Joe asfarre as Hochelaga of purpole to viet aud vnde eitand th Fatbton of rhe bunte. Oe 

¢ Saules of water, which are to be paleo to goe ta Saguenay, that hee might be the reader in the 

© Pringtopaite larther, anv in che linter tune da mate all things neevetil in 4 ene 

ttzseir buſineſſe, Che kozeſaid boat es heing made Feadp, the Capt. ue aud Ma 0 An 
with other Oen 


Paris red, w 
withall hee g 
: Lor ſeemed highly to rei 
puanp dep 

kleuenth 


was po 


with yealow and te buttons of T. 
aue himt wo Valins of Laton, — bacheeg —— — 
pee, and thanked the C 
arted from chat place: And wee fa 
Day of the maneth at the firſl Sault of 
Tonne ot — A 

fare vp as it 1 
ned: ano wee double 


And alter wee were arr 


Andakter woe had palſed lone part of che m⸗ 


| MO greatrockes,ano lo great g current, thee a. 
g And the Captaine reſolued tog. 
ter that we were come on thope, 


Boate. 


lng toward the ſapde Saulte 


ter we fo 


Here after followeth thefi 


N und an habitation of peop ewe 
Ip. And aſter that he had ligniſted onto 


and Kiſ, and offeren baofthefame, After th 
ſignes as Wordes, how many more Saults 


and wapit was thither, eis people ſhewed v 
fecond Sault, 


n 
to Saguenay, ta third pares, t 

va the lame with certaine little tickes, whic iD pe mine * 
and afterward layde other fim 
3 fapbe marke,tEehett Caping be 


and that the fap 


all bzanches be 
true, i 


d Sault was by: 


len with fo p 


b anne se water foe a woy ang 
Ca ME Oey 


bm ee 
them, thas wee were in 
foure pong men Went along 


n 
tweene both, tepꝛeſenting the 


it can be but fire lengues bp land to paſle the ſayd S 


unke no 
and we came thither, where we found great 


aptaine. This done, 
water 
ed chere wee deternunedt 


courſe oz 


. And onthe ſayd w 


Sure of the three Sault 


5 d ii they had t 
his hen would they haue done their beit to bawe bitten * we nber abe, The Sanages 
and paſſed bythe Dwelling of the L020 Of Hoche. fire arrat dita 
king to 
athe that her : 
wag 


ftoweovpon bim a c 
e, and ſ mall bel 
knives: whereatt 
the Copratne and 
wind, that we ar 
„ Which is two leagues diftant 


g 
the other ſhould tap there tin 


bey 


ue vnto Hin rye 
loake of They delight 


les, And in red cloip. 
he ſapde 


his com: 


beaten path go⸗ 
and ſoone aß : 
very friend. n come of 


rtainment any to 400 prrfong 


final ttifles, 


about their 
S boates. 


But amen muſt not tke thoſe of 
d bene too ew Albion, 


einblers, 


© Whig 
Ate Wiad Beg, 
de part 
nd ep om Charles, 
ab they WR Royal che 

. of Septeny, 


if boyes alſo told vs, ſaying, chat it was two Dapes fince he Di partes, 
Se But in — ·˖ ne Canada to conclude with Agona, what they ſhould doe againſt ys, 
ther again ano when we were arriucd at our Fot, wee vnderſtoode bp our people, that the Dauages ofthe 


e ranch. ountrepcame not any more about our Fort as they were accuttomed,cobping vs fith, and thar 


they were in a wonderful doubt and feare of vs. Aberetoꝛe our Captaine, hauing bene aduerti. 


{ Wonderful | 

men which had bene at Stadacona to vilice them, tbat there were a 

rundere g, . — of ee people aſſembled together, cauſed all things in our loztreſſe to bee ſet | 
ages 


Bubrogreper. in good opDET: gr. The reſt is wanting. 


A letter written to M. lohn Growte ſtudent in Paris, by Taques Noel | 


of S. Atalo, the nephew of Iaques Cartier, touching the forefaid difcouery, 
After Growte, your bother in law Giles Walter ſhewed me this moming 4 


Mappe printed at Paris, dedicated to one M. Hakluyt an Englith Gentlemm: ö 1 


wherein all the Weft Indies, the kingdome of New Mexico, and the Cou 
\ delcribed in that He ppe is not marke as it is in my Looky 
8 f to the booke of laques Cartier: and that the ſayd Chart doth 
not marke o {et downe The great Lake, which is aboue the Saults, actoꝛting as ade 
haue aduertiſed vs, which d well at the ſayd Saults, In the fozeſayd Chart which you ent me ye 
Te sean are ther, the Great Lake is placed too much toward the Rozth. The Saulcs op falles of the Nut 
Ae ftandin 44. degrees of latitude:it is not ſo hard a matter to 0 them, as it — The un 
hebe paßt ter fallech not Downe kre m enpbigh place, it is nothing elle but that in the ntivoett of the Bun 
there is bad ground. It were belt to build bostes aboue the Saults : and & is calle to march n 


Au steagues trauoll bp land to the endo the tbꝛee Saults: it is not aboue fe leagues tourney, J bane ber 


5 4 vpon the toppe of amountaine, which is at the foot of the Saults, where A haue feene the Capo xi, 


Saales uer beyond the ſayd Saultes, which ſhe wed vnto vs to be broader then it was where we paiſſtd it. 


Cen days The people of the Countrey aduertiſed vs, that there are ten dayes iourney from the Sauls vn 


tonrwertrom this Great Lale. Me know not bow many league s they make to a dapes ſournc y. At this pes 
t 


yond vnto pou moje atlarge,becaufe the meſlenger can ſtay no longer. Were thers 
= 3 — 1 — with my beorty cemmenvations, pꝛaping Cod u 
f giue pou pour hearts deſite. From S. Malo in hatte this 19 nap of June, 1587, 


Youslouing Friend, IaAqyes Nor! 


leaſure as to ſend mee a booke of the diſcouery of Ney 

— oft ——.— of the Weſt Indies dedicated to M. Hakluyt then 

glich Gentleman, which pou {ent to pour brother in law Giles Wolter. J will not lle to n, 

koume my elle, ifthere be any meane to find out thole deſcriptions which Captaine Carcier may 
after his two laf vopages into Canada. 


Vnderneath the aforefaid vnperfite relation that which follow. 
cth is written in another letter fentto M.Johm Growte ſtudent in Paris from 
Jaques Noel of S. Maliibe grand nephew of Jaques Cartier, 


Py 65 
44675. 
a K 


* could pollibly in this Cowne : ſauing ofa certaine bocke mate 
) no — bach was dꝛawne by the hand cf my faiv uncle, which u 
Ein che pollellion of matter Cremeut: whichhbocke is alling well marked an 


theres tothe Saults where I baue bene: Che het ght of which Saules ts in 44 
ine tae bee in ——— — Chart beyond the place where the R.uer is diuided in twaine u 


she mie of back the bzanctzes of the Laid riuet fonte ba dt eredt that arme Which runneth tote | 


the Noꝛthwe if, theſe twogds following wzitten in the handof lo ques Cartier. 


Bp tie -zople of Canada and Hochelaga it was {aid, That here isthe land of Sagmenay ubib 


is tich and wealthy in precious ftones, au 


le of Canada,Hochelaga and Saguenay are contained. J bold that the River k q 


elle vnto pou of anp thing that J can retouer of the wyitings | 
bn Cartier mp vncle diſceaſed, although J haue made fectth n 


225 


And al 
the ſaid C 
Cloues, v 


Touch 
ſea Chart 


' 9 in Canad: 
ned any ne 


2 
c league kron 
the lide towan 
ol Campont tl 
are two o th 
the ſhoze com: 
thy tarboorn 
ward the Sou 
ttou art come 
off, lo the coal 
Blanc Sablon, 
and Souther 
2 bpoav from lant 
wurd it bath no 
Lud co land. 9; 
is reaſonable hir 
de la Damoiſell 
art 175 36 le. 
an high Cape wi 
betauſe of a rock 
againſt a litle nog 
not bone the len 
neere the Bile by 
and when thou art 
bp reaſon of a ſun 
fourh welt, vntill tl 
5 fea diane from th 
ſelle unto New fou 


tout 
dane fem allche Riuecof Canada,tobereof am well alured,becaule Amy lelke baue hic f bwl. 


arthier.z. ohn Alpbonfeof Xantloigne, Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 277 


— 
nee he da parted, 


And about an hunmed league vnder the fame J found wzirten there two tn g 
Pvt tei the laid Carde enclining to ward the Sauth welt. Here in this Countrey ue eellowing ih 
18 fith, and thar | Cloues,which they call in their language Cancdera, mamon and 
. 4 : Touching the effect of mp booke whereof J ſpake vnto pou it is made af; 
i ci |  — fea Chart, which J baue delluered to mp two fonnes Michael ang lohn which seth e 
nelle to bee n; iin cansde. Akan lat rrurne, which will be Boo wiltin 1 nennen 


b ; he S about Magdalene wp tleyh 3 
nedany ew thing worthy the wiring, J will not faile to 1 the teof, bak ee bane tat 


Jaques Noel a Here followeth the : 
a courfe from Belle Ile. Fus ont 
d difcouery 2 Bay in Newfoundland vp the Riuerof pied sf 4 510 and the Grand 


Your louing Friend, 14 QvEs Nog z. 


1 f the ſpace of 220 Jeag 

deal iat a obſerued by lohn Alphonfeof. Xanttorgne chicfe Pilote to Abe ee pe 

ä Elles Ifles are in 5 ĩ degre . Bel 

wehe Coun N 51 degrees and J. Belles Iſles and Car ont are 20 5 5 

. Binet d Southfoutheat,ano they are ten leagues diſlant. e ere? . 
18 in my book, a Carpont and Bell Ifle from the Grand Bay ate Noꝛtheal and Dourbwert and degrees. 
lapd Chart Hh @ the diſtance from Bell Iſſe to the Grand Bay is 7 leagues, Che midſtof the Grand 

as the Bee Bay isin 32 begrees anda balle and on the Nojthlide therof there is a roche: balfe . 0a 
bron lente a league from the Ille, ouer againſt Carpont toward the Catt there is a lmall at Alland, a fe. 

es of the Bir ccelide toward the soacbeatt there na far rocke. An and on 


d 5 
pounht: The n dbl Carpont thou muſt leaue this rocke on the Gai) len g ande & Gatte rockt, 
delt of the Em dhe dns biee bmall Ades and when thou commet out on the Nozt / at ide ran 4 
ale to marth n a top Garang tne eset eo pies eng in the mid b whit ang 

Pe pe nirbooab fine : ano lule hon by the Acpthcoalt, and leaue two 
ee CoB Herne ene anne es UY Farne can Da 

q Heme gun along che oth hope about eneie 
eve we pied t. : a One league op an halfe Bu 
nthe Sauls un Fil gee cee all bangers Bell en the mouthof the Grae B as 


tp. At this pres 

ger. ere u, and Southwelt, the vittance is z0 leagues. Che 
praying Cod u 4 
Jo 1 


1 
5 
2 
Z 
2 
8 
8 
= 
2 
8 
= 
© 
o 
E 
a 
2 
3 
— 
= 
bad 
2 
- 


Ow land along the Ceacoat The Mont 
: e high land. Blanc Sablon is in zu degrees! The Illes of Blanc § Ont (hore 
Nore ant dm e e chere cen khr wet any takea itn of the Wengen ante 1 
fcouery of Ne. bettet 36leaguesscbefe Alerein de . 4+ And there 15 a good hauen: g pon map enter hy de See 
Hallen iger i 7 — * —— the Morheatt,and within the dilkance ola pike ¢ an balf, dog luth. 
not fale wn again alitle nooke: po 4 arrebond fioe,¢ pou may ancre in 10 fathome water oue 
nere the Ille by 
: and when tho 
ich follow. 
t in Paris ftom 
r of aap ey : 
e made levtcy in 
ane tooke nut Ulcons ¢ haukes, and cereaine fotttes which fe be Ben 2 dg 
scents 4 3 b Cape Iienot are s2oatbeatte adie ch terme tobe feafants, The Illes 900A vous 
* 


t the are diſt ; i Noztheat 
Soule i 7 rr howe. dum eto tbe env ote rece j wenottsin zende. ann: And there the fea is Cine tenon 
) Saules is in 3% 


of C ; o deg. ong 
deb in twalnt l : aie rente 6027 Biles betweenthe seen — 
ae 8 ENO hatt in p fea 5 026 ie diſtant fr 
zun etz tober mene 7 Mera Mane fed it a funké Gian 
: es 
which 9 deg. x 1. Che Fhe ae 
F Sagmenay, i the Nozthweñ end in in so,dentees of —— eit e 
au ry about 25, leagues long and 4.02 5. 


leagues 


238 The Englith Voyages, &c. Ibn Alphonfe of Xanfoigne, 


leagues broad; aud from the Nozthweſt end of the Ille vnto the fame land of the Moꝛth lide ihe Noſtre 
Sea is not aboue ſeuen leagues bioad, but vnto rhe firme land on the S ouch five are about 15. land and 
leagues. Cape Tienot and the end of tho Ille ol Afcention toward the Southeaſt are Morthees Nofch ſl 
and Southwelt, and are diane 30. leagues. The (aid Cape ot Tienot andthe Noꝛthweſt endof | vnto the 
the Ille of Aſcenſion axe Eaſt and Tic, and cake a little of the Noztheaſt and Southwelt, and and the h 
Che conunen thep are diſtant 34. leagues. The Tle of Aſcenſion is a goodly Iſle and a goodly champion lad deepe, lo 


el without any hilles, Tanding all vpon white rocks and Alableſter, all couered with trees vnto the 2 are 30} 3 


Dea ſhoze, and there are al lots of trees as there be in France: and there be wild beaſts, as beatz, 
Fuente che  Luferns, Wopkefpicks. And from the southeast end of the Ille ol Afcention vnto the entrance > veepe, K 
Denen end ol Cape Briton is but so.deagues. Che Nopthweſt end of the Ille g the Cape des Monts noi are dittan 


of the Ille of 


Akentionts bnt Dame, which is on the maine land towards the Wouth, are Noztheaſt and EMelſouthwelt, W the other 
. the diſtance betweene them is 15. leagues. The Cape is in 39. degrees, whichis a very high land and the rit 
Nen Luo Ehe Cape and end of the Alle of Aſcenſion toward the Douthealt are Caſt and NUleſt and there chanel: an 
wees anor is 1 f. leagues diſtance vctweenethem, The Bay of Molues 02 Gaſpay is in 48. degrees, ande minnech ti 
Molues ol Gal. Coatt lyeth Nozth and Bout h, and taketh a quatter of the Moztheaſt and Southwelk vnto tie cable. Th. 
The Wap de Bapok Heate: and there are 3. Iles, one great one and two (imal: from the Bay ol Heate vrtii re all bani 


Chaleur oy ot pott paſſe the Monts noſtre Dame al the land is high and good ground al coucred with trees. 0g. 
Le da of ne doc is a good Bay and lyeth Botthnozthweft and Sourhloucbeatt , and it is aguod Darou 
3 persed. yah nae Aetna ct td pg fo a 
ol: and when pou are palled che poynt bying pour ſelfe to an ancre in 15,02 20, fathoms of wate, 
eee Ament ee pee e ee 
orth wet and er to the on this co ea ee f 
Sen — fith, where there is mo he ſtoze then is in Newfoundland, and better fith, And ene 1 
thennNew. great Cope of river foule,as Malards, wild Gele, and overs: And here are all ſopts of trees, Roe O 
Tous krees, Raſpeſſes. Fulbird trees, Apple trees, Weare trees, and it is hotter here in Sommer thun 
res. France. — — of —— a the 5 ae the — 7 7 eae me 
THiefknopthwelk,anv are diftane 24. leagues. The Cape of O gnedoc and the 7, axe No 3 
— and a et 3 oe oy ci Cape — art yen —— 1 
the 7. Illes are Noꝛth and e cut ouer from the one ta the o 25. sand 
Che mouth of this is the baeadth of this Se a, and from thence vp warn it beginneth ä — — a 
Canadatwentp rower, The 7. Jicsare in 30. degrees and :. Che 7. Illes and the popnt of Ongear lie Non; 
toad cat and Southwelt and che dilkante betweent them is i 5. leagues, and betweene them are m 
The 7 Ifewin taine ſmall Allands: and the point of Ongear and tte mountaines Noftre Dame, Which are an 3 
I the South five of the entrance of the ttuer, ate Noth and South: and the cut ouer from the cng z 
a the other is ten leagues : and this is here the abpevth of the Sta. The poynt of Ongen m 
n but 10 the riuer of Caen lie Eaſt and c Aeſt, ann they are diſtant 12, leagues. And all the coat fon fF 
— the Ille of Afcenfion hither is very good ground, wherein growe all ſoztes of trees that ate n 
de pot ot France and fome fruits. The poynt of Ongear is in 40. degrees and . And the riuer of Cen 
Deer n 49 the Tile of Raquelle lye Noꝛtheaſt and South well, and they are diſtant 1 2. te gues. The Iller 
mutter. Raquelle is in. 48. degrees and 3. In this tier of Caen there is great (tore of fich. And here the 
The d Seats not paſt 8. leagues bꝛoad. The Ffle of Raquelle is avery low Alle, whieh is nerte mu 
Free and o the South (hore, hard by a high Cape which is called the Cape of Marble, There is no 
cue parte. there at all, And betweene Raquelle and the Lepeof Marble hips may paſſe. And there ut 
Aagues bas from the Alle to che South hore aboue one leagur, and from the Ille vnto the Month ſhoyt uu 
foureleagues, Che Ille of Raquelle and the entrance of Saguenay ate Mozthealt Cieltfourly be 
welt and are distant 14. leagues, and there are betwtene them iwo ſmall 7 ſlandes neve the 
Cheentrance 202th ſhoꝛe. The entrante of Saguenay is in 48. degrees and], and the ent ee bath not pelt a 
of Segueny quarter of a league in bꝛeadth, and it is Dangerous toward the Southwel : and two 0} th 
leagues within the entrance tt beginneth to ware wider and wider: aud it leemeth to bee ut 
Ade lea ofce· were an arme of the Sea: And I thinke chat che Carte runneth into the Sea ol Cachey, fox it 
tay. veth foorth chere creat current, and there doth runne in that place a terrible rafe 0p tydt. iw 
Che imer not here the riuer from: che Mogth hope to the Douth ſhoze is not paſt foure leagues in breadth, W 
bar 04 it is a Dangerous betweene both the lands, becaule there lie bankes of rockesin thet Ee 
uer. Che Ie ol Raquelle and the Alle of Hares tye PRoptheat and ourhwelt , anv tue | 
the aM ann —— then are Bitent sS.ieaguts, Cis kntrancr of Saguenay and it Fe 
ere Jet Of Liepucres og Hares lie Nopthnoꝶtheaſt South louth welk, ond are difant 5, leagues, The sw 
Parse man trance ofSaguenay and the Ille of Raquelle are Nonthnozth wen, and Wouthlduth wen, and in 
aach part. anc thyec league. Che Alle ol Hares is in 48, and 5 of a vegree, ** g 


enforced to fap the night 5 
arted from Cheſe de. 


bat long dude 
meet dae herself 
ter hee 
Diamonta, and aquantitic 
the Sunvap next enſuing was 


Diauionts. 
Oelde ſoiuid. 


company with 

and a lg of — 
returne into France. Meuertheleſſe, hee und his company commended ountrep to 

1 being furniten with futficient forces , com 

maunded bim to goe backe againe with him: bee and bis connany, moouen as te Coemrerh with 

ambition, bernuſe they would haut all the gicap of the viltouerie thode parte themfelues, Mole 

pꝛiuũy alvap the next night fromivs , ann without taking theii weoucs Departed home lo) Bree 

taigne. ; 
Gace 


Taques Curtlet 
Mole awap. 


24.0 The Englith Voyages, &c. Sir Francis Roberual Fir Fra 
; knowe nat whether it through, And in all theſe Countreys there are okes, and bopts,athes, lee ſper 
eee eles, peta an det th ede wall nut trees, and wilde nuts, hall? —— pov 
Kedde plums, trees, wilde peare trees, wilde grapes, and there haue bene found redde plunmes. And vo ryfare . 20 length, @ 
Coane groweth there, and pealon grow of their owne Accoyd, guoſeberries and fratwberrics, D Grand Baye 
there are goodly Fozreſts, wherein men map hunt. And there are great Nope of ſtagges, dert, of the Alle of 
Fowle, porkepicks, and the Sauages fap there bee Uuicoꝛnes. Fowle there are in abundance, as bu | * 7 wer calt anche 
dards wilde gerle, cranes turtle doues, rauens, crowes, and many other birds. All things wich ei feluestt 
are lowen there, are not paſt 2,02 3. dayes in comming vp out ol the ground. 7 haue tolde in ong 8 pave Q 
Coyne. cate of coꝛne an hundzed and twenty grates, like the cogne of France, And pe netde not tofowe | * — ont 
ale mpeateto be pour CAlheate vntill Mar ch, and it dull be ripe in the middeſt of augull. The waters are better 1 P | 
fowenin and perfectcr then in France. And ik the Countrep were tilled and repleniſbed wich people i: 4 
me Thecanteot would be as hotte as Rochel. And the reaſon why it fhoweeh there oltener then in France i, be : Of the 
wel E nr cauſe it raineth there but lelbome: for the taine is conuerted into Crowes, 
1 ing in Canada, Quin g de 
l All things aboue mentioned, are true. ig fieur Rob 
14 : treyes in the NY 
| lelm eAiphonje made this Voyage with Adonfienr Rob erual. > rived in the ſayd 
1 i i : ctommon people 
1 There is a pardon to be ſeene for the pardoning of Monfuwrde Saine terre, Lieutenant of iu. il built a fay 
| the fayd Adonjieur de Robernal, giuenin Canada inthe prefence ofthe ſayde dobn Aſpborſt. full co beholde, 
i cctcurtes of buylo 
i | i! | | werediuers Ch. 
1 The Voyage of Iobn Francis dela Roche, knight, Lord of Roberua 2 —— 
i to the Countries of Canada, Saguenai, and Hochelaga, with three tal ſeeur Roberual, 
: f g Ships, and two hundred perſons, both men, women, and children , begun in Apul, F wu a great Cot 
j \) 1542 la which parts he remayned the fame fummer,and all the next winter, victunis, and whe 
ie > there is another f 
1 4 au uch woorke a 
1 


General ſent bat 


ted foz Avimal) 


7) to carie newes vr 
bed wich victuals 


of France hom the 

this countrey. 
After thele two 

they might palle 


{ 5 
found that they fel 


loaues weig; 


halle a pound i 
butter 


Onthe Mednel 


kate it greene at din 


About that time 


le a Salmon, to ge 


In the ende man 


( Gomacke, fo jac th 
mie 


Note that the pre 
Monfieur Robert 
hole name wa 


una, and kept pn. 
Wippe, as well men 


Roberual, 


— 
ND bopts,athes, 
de nuts, hall 
And verpfare 
pbertics, And 
ſagges, dert, 


dance, as lu 
I chmgs whic i @ 
ue tolde in one 


de not to ſaue 


ers ate bett: 


ich people it 
France is, bes 


Lieutenant of 


Alphone, 


gun in Apu, 
ninter, 


appoynted by 
~antada, Sa- 
) at the kings 
one 
v With Mon. 
peain Guine. 
Broſſe, Fran · 


> 
a 


lee ent che teatett part af dune in bis 
2 krech water, whereof wee ſtoode in 


1 


At length, about the laſt of 


3 prouiltons on ſho ze, and began to trauaile in 
3 Of the Fort of Hauce. Roy, 


a Auing delcribed the beginning, 
é H fieur Roberual in the Countrepes 
1 treyes in the Meſt partes: He fapleo 
iuued in the ſapde Countrep, 


ius il built a kaze Font, neere and ſome what Cl 
tull to 1 anvok great force , 
b 
a — — 
mmo te were an Quen and Miller, and 3 ffoou 
7 Ano che buploing was lituated pon the great 
fieur Roberual. Chere was alſo at the foote 


agreat Compe, 


vrictuals, and whatſoeuer was bought 


lodged. 


=. 


Generall ſent backe into France 


Alter tbeletwo Dhippes were Departed, conlideration w 


i cher mighe palle out the inter in this pla 


loaues weig hi a pound a piece, and halfe 
balfe a 21 aud Biefe at ſi 
butter 


i tate it greene at dinner with butter, 


, like a &almon,co ger kniues ano other mall gilt 
In the ende many of our 


i 2 lothar they deem ð to bee veppinedof altheir 
hyenke by in Appit, 


i 
Riuer of Canada, 


of the mountaine 
Was a great Cotwre of two Korizs hi gb, two courtes of 


with vs was ſent to be k and neere vnto 
there is another ſmall riuer. In thele two places aboue and benea: 


à pound of biefe, 


people fell ficke of a certaine di 


Sir Francis Roberual. Traffiques an 
ar ee geen ——— 


ques, and Diſcoueries. 2 


Darbour of Saint John, partly in furnithing our 
verp great neeve by the wap, 
poling and taking vn of a quarell betweene ſome of dur Co 


good huplo 
apt: 


untreymen, 
the akoꝛeloyde Moneth. wee d 


n, and a li 
called Franc 
another lovgin 


a 


41 


and partly in coms 
and certaine Portugals. 

and entred into the 
gues edward 


Darbour fo our thipping, where 


and that which was done there. 


and the ende of the UN. 
Hochelaga, Saguenay, aud other Couns 
is declared in Other 


hundꝛed perſons, ſouldiers, mariners, and 
neceſlatp fo? a Fleete. The ſayde 


eltward aboue Can 
ſituated vpon an high mountaine, wherein there were twa 


ge made bp Mon: 


baokes) that hee ar⸗ 


de the houſe. 
prime, by Mon- France im 
g, pare whereof 
at the ſirſt all our 
that Come 


» Where 


Do allthe meance top wag 


4 of Auguit, and in the beginning of S 
1 b able to doe. Birthe fert 


Dathe CHednefoay, Friday, and Saturday they did eate dzy Cod, and 


and they ate of Poppoles and beanes at 5 
About that time the Sauages brought vs THe then teach sath fone tohat enne 
2 them, 


ſeaſe in their 
lymmes, and 


lultice, and pirviſheb euery man 


ber 
teenth of Septen 


kurn: 
ine · court, 
next i 5 kurni⸗ 
to hing newes but 
and were found in 
ſhould doe, and hom 


doke a vicwof the bictuals, and it was 


— 


er 
Beanes without 


fomectmes they did 


legges, repnes, and 
there oped thereof about 


The length of 
accoꝛding to his offence, be miner. 


good 
One whole nume was at Gaillon, was hanger fo? bis theft, Iohn ol Nantes was tawne 


ence 


bp mich meanes they 


and others allo 


Were put 
liued in quiet 


n eus, aud diuers were . 7 


them. 


* 


The 


242 The Englith Voyages, &c. Sir Francis Roberug! % 


4 


The maners of the Sauages 


o pou the Mate of the Sauages, they are people of a Sool Mature, and ul 1 5 
Tee — states they are ali naked: and if they were apparelled as the Frenth 1 chi 
ate, they would bee as wibice and as fapze: but they payne ehemfelues loz leare ot heat and unn ö 
burning. 
ir apa · apparell, they weare ſkinnes vpon them like mantles; and they bane a ſmall pay, 
et 1 of ole Sane — —— priuicies , af well men as women. Shep haue hole 
Gee ath and Mhooes ol lether ercellently made, And they baue no ſbirts: neither couer they their Hears, 
Mica rconnne, but iheit happe is trulled Up atvue the croume of their beads, and palpten op biopded. Coy 
Chere wick chine : heir victuals, they cate good meate, but all vnſalted, but they dzye it, and afterward they 
| bros’ ft, alwell fith as fle, They baue no cercaine dwelling place, and tbey goe from place a 
from vate ta pie 248 they ihinke they map bet finde foode, as Aloſts in one place, and ythet ll, Dalrcrs, 
lb. Sturgions Pullers, Surnullete Barz, Carpes, Celeg, Dinperneest, dude Fret) wate 
rates, — ith, and vs of orpofes. Chey feede alfo of Stagger, wilde Borer. Hagley, Ee; keſpp nas, 
Fowle, and Rope of otuer wilde beatles, And there is as great tore of For r lahm delle. 1 
Their pieab ok Touching heir bead chi make very good: and it is of great wn: no they lirte very wi 
ag. e fox they take care for nothing elle. f 4 
Dike of They dzinke rale ople, burthis is at their great lea. Be IY bs 
er der bey bane a Ring incueep Tountrep, md ere monderfullobevte at vnto bins and they la 12 
tbett areas him honour ace ding vnto cheis m mer and fathiin, And when they eraunple from place to place Py sietnfuch re 
en on- obey carp all ihtir goods with theo in their boats. Pe ens thine 
_— Che weomen nurſe their chitog is with the bra, mothey lit ronttnn ay, md are yyy ee ; 


The let 
hale 


tries, to 


l f uety oꝛ any o 
bout che bellies wich inne s of kurte, 5 poe! ſügn 8 1 
; oe tñhiſes and py 
The voyage of Monfiew Roberual fron his Fore in (Cue Fees 
Vato Sagweway,the fifth of Tune, 13 4.3. a Ee 4 
N nude thither ¢ 

e aſieur Roberval the kings Lieutenant generall in the Countritgor Ci. Kalegh, 
N di nudes Saguetcay,amd Hoc Jaga, departed tolwardthe (aid pꝛouinte of Ca. 5 — ay ot 
Feen the Cuctoay the 5. dp ol Tune 43. after Cupper s andbe wigs cher Qacnteact 

(Cy ati Dis furniture was intbarken to make the {apd vopage. But vpon acer 


5 And we do! 
ate cer aſton they lap in the Node duet ago int ie place befoge mention: 
a the ande about fire of the clocke ii the moving bey fer lt, lenge for vs, 0 


n aud Walter Ra 
ache bac e ko er ed again the urenme: in which bopuye their whole Furniture bg of thent, hall 
of eight backs, aſwell great as ſniall, and to the number okthꝛeeltoze and ten verſons, wuhihe a — ihe 

ale zeſayd Genet all. 


ſuch, and fo mar 

The Generall lelt behindt himin che atoretapne place anv Foyt thictie perfons to mm chem: andeo w 
there vneil bis returne from Saguenay, which bee appopnted to bee the Brit of Buty , m elf and alſo to 5 
they ſhould returne into France. Aud hee left there behinde him but two Barkes to cin ons. and Rauige 
lane chirtie pecfons, and the furniture which was there, while ber Raven ſtillin the Country, FE bereafter chall be 
diensten de And fo effcctuating hereof, he left as his Lieutenant a gentleman named Monſieur de Roy and further 
Rerene. eze, to whom he ine comumiffion , and charge all men to obey him, and to be at the commune · i ble occu an 
ment ok the ſapd lieutenant. Al ſuch landes, te 
Thevitetuats which were lef fo cher mapncenaiice bntlu the ard ict vay of Sly, witer · auch Cues, 

ed hy the Capo Lieutenant Royeze, anchi di 
Wer E Thurtoap the 14. of gun: Monſieur de PEf; iney, la Broſſe, Monſieur Frete » Monfieur feag —— 
Sime, Longeual, and others, returned feom the Gener the bopage of Saguenay, in ee ſunple oꝛotſ 
And note that eight men and 1 ter me and lolt, among whom was Monbcu et ipa map 
de Noire fontaine, and one named la Va eur ot Conſtance. maine within th 
Ie Tuelday the 19.0f June afopefapn, there came from the Generall, Monßeur de Ville ＋ 
; H June. 


and ſucteſſoꝛs, ſoꝛ a 

a neuſue, Talebot, and thee others, ch bought firefcore pounds weight of their copne, ans het that Frome kime 
. .- letters to day pet vnetll @agvalentyoe, whichis the a2,day of Jup,  theregsern ato 
1743. Che rell of this Copage is wanting. Sein Walter fag 

by the favo payment 


THE 


Wd mozeouer, w 


— ee 


S. Halter Raleghs patent. Traffiques and Di 


Ree aN 
iſcoueries. 243 


We: 
#8 Roberug! | 
— | 


Ap Macure , and wel 
elled as the French 5 
re OF heat and funy * 


v heue afrrall pay, | 
Shey haue hom 3 
ter they their bens, 
De bpopoed, CW 
and alt erward thy / 
y goe kram place 

det lib, Salmons, 
Bacher Fret wate 
len, Perkelpyny: Fe 
‘an belive, a 
they liste very wi 14 


Inhab 


itants, 


The letters patents, granted by the Queenes Maieſtie to M. alter 
Ralegh now Knight, for the difcouering and 


Planting of new lands and Coun. 
tries, to continue the {pace of 6, yecres and no more 


bim: and tvey te 1 5 
rom place to put, 1 


mite pane» 
0 


2 
= 


i to 
view fuch rem ste, heathen and barbarous lan 


ellozg, dh 
ö ere to build and foptifie, at ihe diſcretion of 
Ralegh, his heires x allignen, the atutes oz act of f 


Out of our Realme of England without lice 
7 cheat at: au, anpopdinance whatforus 
And we do 


nt ſhipping and furniture fo? the tr 
ons, and Rauigations in that behalke, fo that none of the fame perſons oꝛ any of them be luch as 


f “ AN übte feet at of 
„ 8, Gillages, and places n the ſame, with ther t; ropalties, 
franchifes ann turifotctions, — ſayd landes cz Countreis, oz the 
ning, to be had, 07 bled, with full power to vifpole thereof, and of eu 


fo2 all ſeruices. 
We do by thele prefencs, lo vn, our heires and ſuctelſors, cing and grant * 


i _ TheEnglith Voyages 8c. SW alters Relegspatn 


to the laid Walter Ralegh, his heites, and allignes, and euery of them, that he, and they, and euery 
oꝛ anp ol them, Hall and may from time to time, aud at all times for euer hereafter, fo? his and then 
defence, encounter and expulſe, repell and reliſt alwell by lea as by lande, and by all other wayts 
whatſoeuer, all and euery tuch perfon and perlons whatloeuer, as without the efpeciall liking and 
licence ofthe layd Walter Ralegh, and ok his heires and aſſignes, fhall attempt to inhabite Wich 
in the lapde Countrpes, op anpot them, 07 within the ſpate of two hundzeth leagues neere ty 
the place oꝛ places within ſuch Countrpes as aforeCapoe ( I they Chall not bee belo pe plante 0} 
inhabited within the limits as afopefayd with the ſubietts of any Chpitran Pꝛince being in an: 
tie with ) where the ſayd Walter Rale gh. his heires, oz 2 — any of them, o his or then, 
07 any of their aſſociats o companp, hall within fire pecres ( next enfuing) make their dwellings 
6) abidings, oꝛ chat thall encerprife op attempt at any time hereafter vnlamſully to annoy, eyther 
bp Sea; Lande the ſayde Walter Ralegh, his heires 02 aſſignes, oz any of them, 02 bis 0; their, 
0} any of bis ox their companies: giving, and graunting by thele pꝛeſents further power and 
thozitie to the ſayd Walter Rale gh, his heires and aflignes, and euery of them from time to time, 
and at all times fo2 cuet hereafter, to take and ſurpꝛiſe by all maner of meanes what ſoeuer, il 
and eue ry thole perfon oꝛ perſons, with their Sbippes, Uellels, and other goods and furniture 
which without the licence of the layde Walter Ralegh, 09 bis heires, op allignes, as ako gelen, 
fhalbe found traffiquing into anp Harbour, o; Oatbours, Creeke, oz Creekes, within the limits 
aforefapo, (the ſubiects of our Realmes and Domintons, anv all other perſons in amilit 
vs, trading to the Newfound lands fo; fiſhing as heretofore thep haue commonly vied, 0; being 
dʒiuen by force of a tempeſt, of ſhipwꝛacke onely extepted:) and thofe perſons, and eue 
them. with their ſhippes, vellels, goods, and furniture to detetne and polleſle as ol good and lin 
full pie actoꝛding to the diſtretion of him the ſayd Walter Rale gh his hetres, and allignes, an 
euery, oꝛ any ol them. And foz vniting in moze perfect league and amitie, of luch Countryes, 
landes. and territozies ſo to be poſleſſed and inhabited as aloʒe ſayd with our Realmes of England 
and Ireland, andthe better incouragement of men to theſe entcrprifes: we doe bp thele pre 
Taunt und declare chatall (uch Countries, fo hereafter to be poſſeſſen and inbablted as is afoyp 
apd, fromehencefoorh thall be of the allegiance of vs, vurheires and ſucteſſouts, And wie oo 
graunt to the ſayd Walter Rale gh, his heires, and aſlignes, and to all, and euery of them, anoty 
all. ond euerx other perfon and perſons, being of our allegiance, whole names (hall be notedoy en 
tred in ſome of our Courts of recode within our Realmeof England, that with the allenc arch 
ſayd Walter Ralegh, his bette op aſſignes, thall in bis tourneis fo dilcoue rie, o> inthe tunnels 
ko conqueff, hereafter trauaile to {uch lands,countreis and territo‘es, as afoyeſapd, and to thi, 
and to euerp of their heires, that they, andeucrp op any of them, being epther borne wrth 
out ſayde Realmes of England o; Irelande, opin any other place within our al te, n 
which hereafter thall be inhabiting within anp the Lands, Countryes, and Cert dies, with 
Free denisatts (uch licence, (as afopeſayd) ſhall and may haue all the pꝛiuiledges ot free Dentzens , and perlen 
on Sane?’ natiue of England, and within our allegiance in fuchlike ample maner and tome, as tf they hm 
bone and perſonallp refinent within our ſaid Realmeof England, any lat, cultome, oꝛ blagtu 


any of the apne place oꝛpla 

them. oz any of his oꝛ their a 

date hereof, 

Ralegh, his heires and allignes, and cuery op any of them deullrd, on eſtabliſhed, fop the bevter go 
uernnunt of che laid people as afoze(ain, SDoalwapes as the Cain „ 


— —— ET neem. 
24 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. 7 he 1 voyage to Virginia 


The firſt voyage made to the coaſts of Inerica, with two barks, 
wherein were Captaines M. Philip Amadas, and M. Arthur Barlowe, who 
difcouered part of the Countrey now called Ui,, Annes 1584, Written by one 
of the faid Captaines, and fentto fir Walter Ralegh knight, at whofe charge and ditt. 
etion, the faid voyage was fet forth, . 


2 vez) bay of Apnill, in che peere of our rtdemption, 1584 wedeparted the cc 3 
n barkes well furnttheo wich men and victuals, halung re, | 4 
cetued our laſt and perfect directions by pour letters, confirming the lomer in, | 
Nructions, and commandements deliucred by pour felfe at our leauing the run 
of Thameg. And I thinke it a matter both vnneteſlary, fop the manilelt dilcout 


rie of the Coumtrep, as alſo for tediouſneſſe ſake, to remember vnto pou the dun 4 talte of our’ 
nail of our courfe, fapling thither and returning: onelp I haue pꝛeſumed to prefene vnto pou the pocch, and 
Niete viſcourle, by which you may iudge how profitable this land is likely to ſucterde, as well nung: affoon 
pour felfe,(by whole dir ettion and charge, and by whofe feruantes this our diſcouerie bath becie boure, he har 
performed) as alſo to 5 ond the Common wealth, in which we hope pour wilt dome point of the l 
wuübe ſctled: canſ -- 2 bs hach bene bought to ligbt as by thole (mal mean other to the p 
and number of n e HAD SIU Up wap haue bene ected, o hoped fo2. : ; ceaued bepar 
The tenth of ay we arr iued at the Canaries ind the tenth ol June in this prefent peere, yy The next! 
1 Soutdertp were fallen both the Illands of the CCielt Indies, keeping amme Southeaſterly courſe then was panied wi / h fi 
— nee vefull, becaule wee doubted that the current of the Bay of Mexcio, diſbogging betweene he neriy and ctut 
Te Virgins, Cape of Florida and Hauana, had bene of greater force then afterwardes we found it to bee, Q na, the tountt 
which Iltamds we found the apde very vnwholfame nd our men grew lay the molt part il vio was in this lo 
fen : fo that hmung refreched our ſeluen P 44 ur freſh victu i, we departed the cw „ and can 
to che place, bi 
4 feet fine 
fromthe — from h 
bs, but litting 
ich we ſuppoſto n made all uh 
be a continent and firme lande, and we faplen along the fame a hundꝛed and twentie Engh men to ſhewe wee w 
| Sfter hee had! 
rec eiued very i 
1 2 tune auch 
the lame im the sight of the Queenes mott eveellent Paiettie, as righttull Queene, and pn“ Che king is 
of the lame. and alter deliuered che Cane auc. co pour vſe, accopding to her Mai · dies grant, andlx J verfon was ret 
ters patents, under her Pighnelle great Seale, Cibich 3 auen calle 
high but yer 
cb ty, being {ip 
All ve had p 
gau hat ti 
from em and py: 
dell en DINED: 
fo tradn 
Ele patfen from the Sea fine towarnes the toppen ot chore biles next adiopming, being bute 2 
Wed meane higth, anv from thence mee bebelve he ea on boch fines tothe Hofth, and to the time bith wolkplen 
South, finding noc op of ch wapes, is lmmde lay ſtretching it elle to che Wier, which me a hole in theb 
after wee found to bee vut an Illand of twentie miles long, and not aboue fire miles ‘noane, hum 


Under reer with goonly Ce: 
person ha garantie nop ab me nod caer (omit ) 
avole vnder vs, with fucy a try redoubled bp n y ecchoes, ag ifanarmic of men had ſhowuted al 


Moſcouia, qq Hercynia, barten and fr. but highelt anv rede / Cenare of che wo art 
Soodly Cee beteering the Ceres of the Acozes, sf 33 Lybsnus, pics, Tepe, San i 


Grviredoai- Len op the wre that veareth the Me ke, mee chatbeareth the rine of b we 


. 

oVirginia, 
two barks, 
r Barlowe, who 


, Written by one 
harge and dit. 
* 


parted the CCteg 
uals, hauing re, 
ig the fozmer in, 


legung the rum 


manifeſt dilcous 
nto pou the dun 
nt vnto pou thig 
erde, as well to 
uerie — betut 
e pour wilcdon 
e mal meanes, 


refent peere, ine 
rourfe then was 
ng betwecne the 
md it — Qt 
io part ill diſpo⸗ 
arted the twelch 
ven to pour ſell, 


ga ſmel. as iu 
tous flowers, y 
watch, and bea 
h we fuppoler in 
ie Engliſh miles 
peared bnto us, 
- Mot within the 
dur fate artiuil 
ake polltſlion of 


and ſur ge of the 
8 cle, bor) on 
hub ue, as allo 
bund auce is not 
» Tuch pifference 


— os 
Date p s we 


the Ginamon, 
of 


| waste fon 


three perfons : this boat came 


our ha for would bear gien 
5 ter two oꝛ tines dayte the Rings 


tS His brother wit (uch 
hat to the other that lat wich hun on 


to the I lland five, foure har 
the third came along the tho; 


ts 


j — 5 
f CRUE DCE a hate. 5 be dn Ue as Hem bt 


efully. Mond of the 


i * oucly the foure which were at the other eu de, tpake 
„ enge obey, exo b toch neo cite 


light whit h 
places thꝛou 


and daun and eat of our 


the Qreights of Ma 
Me remamen by the ive of ; 


people ot che Countrey: the third day we efpicd one {mail boate 


en reuerenced: che 
ce had with the 
gh the body and ouce clcune th 


her lay at the chiefe — ie 


pointing 
bt, requite the 


OF oy 


— SLB 


a bew Conall anv is hay eh 
eech Of penties hang botnet her minnie?" 


P Amadas my fel; 
any thc we ot teare 
hum with his 


one in the 


Head, and liked 
es ae 77 io he it 7 
wem! et u be. 


then the 


Part to the fhip and the 


fonmer benctitcg re 


imeo, aud the king ig called ‘Abo byorper. 
n 


ol the nett 


¢ 


Traffiche wiry 
the Sauages, 


vs, and then 
land next vnto vs: 0 
nd che Captaine Phil 


Diller ¢ onferente 
, and 


ita Sauage, 


* Hhundance 
an oF ah 


m Che arrinay 


ole hm 


: ’ in 
i: would de⸗ 1 


Nets trae 


neg. 


a 


(whereof 


caja 


Che 
of making 
the 


Roanoak 
Alland. 


. 
whereof wee dtliuered pour wojſhip alittle bracelet) and ihoſe wert of the bignes of good peal: 


Che reſt of her women of the better (opt had prndents of co r hanging in licher care, andicme 7 


ol che chuldden ol the kings bother aud other noble meu,beue fur oj lit in uber care ict bumtette 
had vpen bis head a hond plate of golde, o copper,fop bemg vn poliſbi d we int u not what mer. 
it ſhould be nciiher would he by any meanes fulter be to take it ol his head but feeling it, i wou 
bow very taſily. Dis appareil was as his wiues, onclp she women Wweare their haire Long on bah 
fives, and the men but on ret trod priser ey ae 


Alter that tete women hav bene there, there came downe from ail parts great Ciupe of peopl, 
binging with chem leather call viuers hindes of dies very excellent, and exchanged wich vp: bu 
when Granganimeo the kings bother was ppefent, none durſt trade but except (uh 
7 ——————5 — 2 — betwecue the 


out ol a wake which bappened pon their coait of fome Chpittian ſbip, being bean 
— — ber being — — tives cher Dpetw the napies 
e 
II. anten ae their belt tuitruments, The 


r boatesis thus: chev burne downe [ome great tree, on tale ſuch as art winde fallen, and pu ing 


sume and rolen vpon one fine thereof, ehep let ite utait. and when it hath burnt it hollow thep 
cut out the coale with their he ls, and euer they would burne it det yct op wider theplay on 
which burne away the timber, and by this meanes thep fathion very fine boars, an 
ab at, Their oares are like ſcoopes, and manp tunen they {ct wud 
aa che Depth ſerueth. 
bar ose had great liking of our armour, a wow, and Divers other things bubu 
we had: anv offeren to lap a great bore ot pearle in gage fop them: but we refuted it fo) this ume, 
becaule we would not make them knowe, that we efteemed thereof, watill we had uberttooe 
im what places of the countrep the pearle grew: which now pour Wiopthippe doeih very wel 
vnderſtann. 


was verp tuft of bis pomile: for many times we deliuerep him merchandése von bis won, 
burn wb ng mo aa prt et 


Hee Ca eect thee reap: only they caf the coun int the grown ing a little of 


ft turke wich a with wodden mattock, 0 pickeare ; our (elucs pꝛooued the —— ; 


four fein che grounp, and in tenne apes they were of fourtecne ynches bigh: thep | 
. — ae 


cheir garden and fo haue they boch wheat and oates, ö a 
ſoile ig moft plentifull werte fiuitful and wholſome ol all the woꝛlde: there are « 
dana d trees, and the mof part of their wunciwoons 


ſweete ſmelling timber 
ate Bayes, d ſuch likes they baue thole Okes that we haue, but farce greater and betacts Aft 
had bene diuers times 


of Cedar, and fopeifien rumd about with e trees, to keepe out their enemies, an 
the entrance into . urbe oe, a 


And we both noted there, W 


Lhe 


neere unt 
vs bery c 
command 
be on the 


booid tant 
den, boyled 
duke is co 
to krcpe it, 
in on, and (oy 
le were e 
they could p 
gaule and tr. 
do dekend th. 


the ſhoare: ſy 


ger, wee dur 
moꝛe kinde and 
tio had trial. 

Bepvond this 
ſpwatious water, 
| Pomeiock, ¢ fir 


this people affin 


| report of che l. 
| lourney about, 


In to this rien 
in whic 


led Nomopana,g 
ofthat towne and 


gandacoa, but ig 


non, and thele thy 


lourney is lituate a 
ere Onto which { 


| Pewere ſaucd. and 


our mp 
pad any towarde the Citic of Skicoak, which Niwer they call Occam un offome 
the Dien mote i an Al, wii thep call Raonoak, hiſtant from thebar | 
8 de nites cn ktagueg ; m at che ditt cd chert or Wad a bilagt ul nine pou 


alter ten da 


lopming:other then 


o Virginia, 


en ot good peal 
her care, and teme 


cart she bunt: 


w not what nuet al 
— 
halte leng on 

fig the mot pant, 


, 


4 


i 


to 


pala wy 


ling. Ccthen we were come into the veter 
fit downe by a great fire 


fome of the women 


water, and thee her ielfe tooke 
making great hatte to dyeſſe 

After we had thus dyyed our 
booid landing along the houle, 
den, boyled, and toalled 
dune is commonly 


le were entertained with all loue and ki 


had trial. 
Beyond 


4 Pomeiock, fir 


82ndacoa, hut is a 


eit 
about. 


tone and 


this Illann there is the maine 
ater, the 


countr 


* the boates 
thele, there wag 


ground aud 
roonie, 


8 and 


fome 
felues, the 
ſome 


were found byon 
neuer any people 


others to bing 
AND after take off our clothes 


our docking 
great paines to fee all 
meate for vg to cate 


AND diuers other wholclome and medi 
— 

gentle, 

thentenc of he a 


ipo, in which there ig found 


od 
called Pooneno : thig Pooneno is not ſubiert to the of W 
beyond this is there king. whom 1 


th 

vo Alland 
apparelled, o; white of colour, either feene,o 
“3 heurd 


flue roomes in 


and wathed them, and dyytd them 
wathen 


ching ordered in the bet 


with an mich boun 


to lutreate vs to reſt 
the voyage had bene 
was no cauſe of 


Sedans doubt: 


— Illand falleth into 
a 
citle called Skicoak 


into this Occam 
called C hawanook,anp 


Wocokon they withthe ety 


em 6 
werkes: but Up after it fee. 
the coatcatt Alamo ad⸗ 


Great 
c, he cauſed vs to hinge eof . 
agatne 


where thee fee on the 3 


an Ur uthtull, voide of all 


bepeople one care howe 
heir hone winter, mn to feen chem nes wih fuch mene 
well ſodden and 


as karre as we haue hither⸗ 


» 4nd ouer again 
great river called Oceam by the i 


© thispe faftne tobe very great:but the Sauages were heir nen 
a repent th attirme 


d there wife, 


fop- 


, . eee — “a 
20  TheEnglith Voyages, &c. ‘The l. vage to Virginia. They 


heare of amongſt theſe people and theſe aloe ſaid were icene oncly of the inhabitantes of Secotan, 
which appeared to be very true, fo; they wond ud maruclouſiy when we were amongſi them at le 
whitenes ol our ſuins, euer coueting to touch our byeatts , and to view the fame. Beliden they had 
Our ſhips in maruclaus abnuratiou, ¢ all ings eis were ſo flrange vnto them as it appeared har 
none of them had euer lerne the like. CCiben we diſchargt d any piece were it but an har gubuz thep 
would trmble thereat fo very ſeare. and for ibe Nrangenefle ot the eme: che weapons which 
chemlelulta wie are betwee and arvowes : the arrowes art but of (mall canes.) with a harre 
Chen wia · Theil op toodd of a fil {ufficrent pnough to kill a naked man. Z heit ſwandes be ot wood baron; f 
pons. like wiſe they vſe wooden byeatiplaces for their defence, They haue bel de akinde of club „inte 
end whereol they laſten the ſharpe homes of a ſtagge, oz other beaſt. Then they goe to warres 
they carp about with ihem their idol ol whom they alte counlel as the Romans were woont of ihe 
Dyadle of Apollo. They fing ſongs as they march tawardes ihe battell in ſtrad of dzumunes and 
trumpets: cheir warres are verp cruell and bloody, by reaſon whereof, and of their ciuill dilſcun⸗ 
aus which baue happened of late peeves amungit them, the people are maruelouliy waltrd, avo 
Come places the countrep lelt deſalate. 5 
ei ee Adiopuing to this countrey afodeſ am called Secotan beginner) a countrey called pomou l by. 
longing to another king whom they call Piamacum,and this king is in league with the ner kung 
adioyning towards the letting of the Spunne, anv the countrey Ne v ſiok, fituate vpon a Seochh 
riuct called Neus: theſe kings haue moptall warre with W ingina king of ingandacoa: but a 
bout two pecres paſt chere was a ycact made betwecne the king Pie mac um, ald the L ond ol Se. 
cotan, as theſe nen which we haue brought with vs to Engla na, haue giucn vs to vnderſtand bu 
chere remaineth a moꝛtall malice in the Secoranes,for many inum ies ¢ llaugbters done bpon them 
° by this Piemacuin. Theyinuited duuers emen, aud thirtie women of the beſt ol his countiey tu ther 
towue to a leaſt: and when they were altogeiber merry e pꝛaying befope their Fool, (which ia na 
thing cls but a mert illulian of the veudl the captaine 9p Lojd of the town came luddenly upon thé, 
anid flcwwe them cuctp one xeferuing the women and chen: and theſe two baue oltentuncs iu mige, P. V 
pees vs to urppize Piemacum his tone hauing momiſed and aſlured vs, that there wille other fome 9 
Ound in it great Hope of commodities, But wheeher their perſwaſion be to the ende they my be 7 Chere. 
reuenged of their enemies oz for the loue chey beare to va, we leaue that to the trpall eveatter, > frometbence 
Bepond this Alland called Roawoak, are maine Jflands very plentifull of Fruits and oller - mith we fell 
turall iucreales, together wich many tunes, — along the fide of che continent, ume Iland ſituate 
bounding vpon the Illamds, and (ome ſretthing vp lurther into the land. 4 
chen we fk had light of this coumtrty, ome thought the firtt land we ſaw to bee the un withm a Fa 
nent: but after we euired into che Hauen, we law before ve another mighty long Ora: for chere 
lvech along the coatt a tracte of I ſlands, two hundzeth miles in length, adioyning to the Octane 
and betwecne the Illands zwo op three entrances: when pou are entred beiweene them (thet a. _ 
lands being very narrow fo) the mot part, as in molt places fixe miles byoad, ui ſeme places leit, tut in the 
in fewe mone) chen there appeareth another great Soca, containing in bedch in fome places c hy, 
and in Come fifty, in ſome twenty miles oucr,before vou come vnto the contment: and in this | 3 
ssa 1 are pay ek apy 2 * 7 N is — ms a quarter of ar 
at which we ing it a aut and fertile ground, repleniſbed with goovlp co as they faty ter 
— darg and divers other ſweete woods, full of Corranes,of flare, and many other notable Commodi: Che : — 
ties. which we at chat time had no leafure to vit w. Velides this Zand there are manp, as Ahe ol Portugal, a 
layd ſume of two, ol three, of foure,of fiue miles, oe mope, (ome leſſe. moſt beautilull and plant bene either a s 
to bchold repleniſhed with Deere, Conies, Wares and diuers beatts,anb about chem the gooviet room with hun 
aud beſt fith in the woꝛld, and in greateſt abundance. el whole comm 
Thus Sir, we haue acquainted pou with the parti uit g of cur diſcouery made this palm of he Seas. 
vopage, as farre foorth as the ſhoꝛtnellt ot the time we there continued would affooyd vs to t 
biewe ol: and fo contenting our ſelues with this ſeruice at this ume, which wee hope hereattrte the ruer: who b 
inlarge,as octaſion aud aflittance thatbe giuen, we refoluen to leaue the countrey. and to apply our 
felucs corcturne fo England, which we did accordingly, and ari iutd ſalely in th ¢ Ut at kaz · ¶ Slano: they thew 
land about che middeſt of September. 1 
And whereas wer haue aboue certiſied pou of the tountrey taken in poſſeſſion by vs, to hir the two Spanlat 
. by ber Paletten grant, wee thought good fop the botter aflurance mud yous humo 
ereol, to record ſome of che particular Gentlemen. ¢ men of acicipe, who then were meſint s wbs nariniete-. 
ucneftes uf ibe fine, that thereby allocation ot cauill to the title of the Countrcp,in her ait 
bchalfe may be preucnced, which other wile, uch as Whe not the action may vlt and pretend, whole 
names are: 


e bz 
and Mang: 


» wher 
Ipmcancs, other’ 


peo wth ar a 
wood harden; F a 


nde of club, in the 
hep goe to wares 
were woont of ihe 
DoF dummes any 
heir ciuill dullenn⸗ 
ufly walked, aud m 


alled Pomou h ht. 
with the ner: king 
uate vpon a god 
gandacoas but a 
nD the Horn of Se. 
to vnderſtand: bu 
'8 done vpon them 
is countiey to chen 
Idol, (which ia e 
luddenly vponthk, 
ie oftentuncs l nt 
that there will be 
ende they may be 
pall her gater. 

uits and other na 
pe continent, fome 


v to bee the conn, 
1g Sea: fop there 
Ito the Oceania, 
ne them (thee J. 
i ſeme places tele, 
ſome places iy, 


: and in this ud 


e is ſixteene mies 
) with goodly Ct 
lotable commoni: 
e many, as J haue 
ilull and pleatane 


hem the goodlu 
nade this pt Be 


foo vs to take 
hope hereafter y 
and to apply dur 


8 


Keel bez 


on by vs, to her 
butter allurantt 
in her Paicllrs 
ID pretend, wbolt 


Pattee 


he 1 voyage toVirginia. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 
F ³ ũͤ•A km 


Ae bꝛought home alſu two of 


The voiage made by Sir Richard Greenuile, for Sir Valter Ralegh, 


to Virginia, in the yeere 1585. 
bes. day of April, iu the peeve abouetayn, we beyarted trem pl 
erte confittng of che number of feuen . tO wit, the Tyger, 

af of feuen ſcope tunes, a Fl dete hel. 5 Tyger ofthe burden 


Ral Lane, P. Tomas Candith, . lohn Arundell, . Raym nd, P. Stukel . 
„ P. lohn Clarke, ano biuers others’, — 3 
other fome Alliſtants 


und refreſhed our felues all t f 
The 12. day of ay wer came to an anh e in the Bay of —.— ee ve landope 
Richard Greeneuil, and the Laab Jer TS 
companie landed, and begun to foptiie veep neere to the Bea fine: erm rde sina i 


uuutoned with woods 
ande amg, Lumpi ant pete mem he Fur 
felled i trey, ſume part where we let cree miles vp in 


' 


Che 16. day there appeared vnto vs Gut of the wood ei t hoꝛlemen of 
a quarter of a mile from our Font, ſtaying about half an — — 
them, they Prelenity retired into the 
The 19m, day alter Candith, who had bene ſeparated from our fleece in a topme in the Bay 
all. arriucd at Coteſa, within the fight of the Tiger : we dyinking bi 
cher a Spaniary 02 Frenchman of warre, . le goon to weighankers, and to 
„ rar and diſcerned hum at Ltt to b 


The 42, day twentie other Sppanith ho 
them and two 
won Spantth hortes, which wee befope taken in the time of our 


pantards offered verp arcat f ons to dur men, but an ACCORDING to their Spa. 
mith Mee, to erpottulae wich chem about thee e eo tif ¢ 
. ͤ — er aay 
intention was onely ta With out flues with water and bitt, and other 

necellaries , wherof we ftoup in iwbuch wwe mund migbe be peetoen bs with faire aid freee 
other wile our relolution tas toppactie fone, a — bp ete 


7 


— Arthur Barlow, 7 Captaines, 


William Greeneuile, 
lohn Wood 

5 Browe wich, 

lenty Greene, Of che companies 
Beniemin Wood, 7 
Simon Ferdinando, 
Nicholas Petman, 
Tohn Hewes, 


che Sauages being lultie men, whofe names were Wanchefe 


F lie-boat callin the Roe. bucke of tbe like burden, the 
Lyon of a hundzed tunes 0 thereabouts, the Elizabeth, of fiftie tunnes, ps 
the Dorothie, à finall barke:whereunta were aifo adioyned fo? ſperdy feruices, * 
twu final pumeſſen. The petucipall Gentlemen of our companie, were thele, 


8, whereof 
vo 


in the Nand of S. lohn, Cher 


with the timber chat wer 
the land, and bought it to our 


not Daring to make oz offer Ice, 


vovemen of the Spaniards, about 
e in viewing our forces : but affoone 
woods. 


anon ſhewed themſeluen to vs vpon the other fide of 


on the 
to le wi 2 
went halle of the way vpon the lunds payee — — 


* 


and to rclieue ourtilues by the ſwonde) 
ibe 


dat was a 
cher han 


ung before vpon ſhoare with 


ſomed for good round ſununes, and landed 
The 26. day our Lieutenant Matter Ralph Lane went in one of 
ken, to Roxo bap vpon the Southweſt five of Saint lohns, 
by a Spantth Pilot: as ſoone as hee arriued there, hee landen 
and intrenched himlelfe vpon the landes immediatlp, 
trench: who beung feene of the Spaniards, there came 
ol hoꝛſemen and footmen who gaue hum the looking 
to offer any reſiſtante, ſo that Malter Lane maugre 
ded his Frigat, and ſo returned againe to our fleete 
The une day we all departed,and the next day arr 


on the JAonth five of Hifpaniola, 
Ilabella, and Capeaine 
had beene well inter 
ue and gallant G 
d, be thereupon fene gentle conn a 
e to him in perſon, which he gly Francis Brook 
the maine land 
meiok, Aquat 


In the meane tune while our Englith Generall 
twirt them ol diuers matters, as of the fate af 
people and the commodities of 


with the Sopaniares were more 
in recompence of our courtefie, cauſed a great heard of white buls, and 
— from the mountaines, and 


˖ * by way of trucke —— mY — 
and diucrg 
ae lwine, therpe, bull-bines, fugur, ginger, 


be 7. nav we: it tbe Spaniarss From the Glan of Hi 
paniola : but che wafer f due umpute teat bew of friewotiip, um courtetie ofen ut, 
— — aoe weet, we ign, a 


7 — 
Greenuil 
nnn 
ies with large yy, 


General with ig | 4 
miles, wheren | 
o their pꝛonuſt, ty | 5 


h of promife, came 
CF Ort, whichche 
rt mopning. 


tde Plata, bi 
= 


t difcourfen be. 
e Cotes and 


4 Sir RichGrinuil: Traffiques and Dilcoueries. 
4 that was amongtt vs, th mne beattie goon wil op fare fiewaly inegetainement : fo bout | 


bene ft wee , wer haue looken ich no better curtetic at bannes 
4 py or — — — 


: : ! fo faite. land on 
dere bel psec an plea . . Pm nee dun oe Ge Tus 


Guani 
The 1c. and 16. we anketcd and landed at Cyguateo, Cyguateo, 
The 20. we fell with the maine of Florida, 


The 23. we were in great v ofa ona calle the C f Feare, 
The 24, toe cane to anther here:, — err 


They land in 
} » where wer caunbein one tyde fo much fith ag would Flond 
haue vs Cluentie pounds in London: this was our ftrli Imiding in Florida, * 

1 26. we came to anker at Wocokon, 


as Fernando,the Admtrall trooke on ground, and fimke 
to Wingina at Roanoak, 


: u Cay Pesarned, with cwu of vun men fous by them, 
. n * 

The 11 bay General accompanied boate with Maler 

i Stukeley uid otuers other Gentlemen, Maler Lane, Patter Canny alter Hariot, and twene 

tie others in the new Captain Amadas, Captaine Clarke, in a ſhiphoat, 

Francis Brooke,ant lohn White in another haſſtd ouer the water from Wococon to 

Che maine lam viennale kon eight dapes , in which bopage we del di 


Dauageg, 

The 16. wee returned thence, and one of our boates Admiral 

gok, to Derma a filuce cup which one of the tonne from us, and not r 
di. We to bis menue, wee burnt, and ſpoyled cher 


che en reden tino eee gte : 
ben“ Sanin Macher to hing Wingina Came aboons che Aymtvall, -uy Manteo 
Che sap tan Aneesh eae d a ex 
La e are ae for En 
7 came rich ioaben, baqmüng 
—— 2 dich tn 1 
atte cn benen oe eae the Genevall then chipped th the prize, lan lige of September, 


The names of thoſe well G 


— * whole yeere in Virginia, 


AVE 


M Aſier Philip Amadas, Ad- Thomas Rottenbury, 


mirall of the countrey, oger Deane, 

Matter Hariot. Tohn Harris, : 

Matter Acton, Francis Norris, 

Matter Edward Stafford, Matthew Lyne. 

Thomas Luddington. Edward Keitel. 

Mafter Maruyn, Thomas Wiſſe. 

Matter Gardiner. Robert Bifcombe | 
Captaine Vaughan. William Backhoufe, 
Matter Kendall, William White, 
Maſter Prideox, Henry Pockin. 
Robert Holecroft. Dennis Barnes. 

Rife Courtney, Ioſeph Borges. 

Maſter Hugh Rogers. Dougham Gannes. 
Matter Thomas Hatuic, William Tenche, 
Matter Snelling, Randall Latham. 
Mafter Anthony Rufle, Thomas Hulme, 
Maſter Allyne, Walter Mill, 

Maſter Michacl Poliſon. Richard Gilbert. 

Iohn Cage. Steuen Pomarie. 
Thomas Parre, John Brocke. 

William Randes. Bennet Harrie. 

efferey Churchman, lames Steuenſon. 
William Farthow, Charles Steuenſon, 
lohn Taylor. Chriftopher Lowdey 
Philip Robyns. Ieremie Man. 
Thomas Philips, Iemes Maſon. 
Valentine Beale, Dauid Salter, ~~? 
Thomas Foxe. Richard Ireland, 
Darby Glande, Thomas Bookeger, 
Edward Nugen, . William Philips, 
Edward Kelley. Randall Mayne, 4, 
John Golligo. Tames Skinner. 
Eraimus lets, George Rſenen. 
Edward Ketcheman. lohn Chandeler, 
loho Linley, Philip bn. 
An extract of Mafter 


. 
WI 


5 pare e cone fon int as 
et kugar, alle Terra Samia, 8 


Healing Tcxritayg al che k kantigen. of an huge ena buht In 
F i cpi bend inwUrd lauageth, and ibe chene io U hot me, thet 
not one face we toutes ie ls en Co conrlung at Virpinia bop U hopliy am 


hinotyfome realonable propo; tion, J darc allurt my lille be: 


entlemen as others, that remaj. | 
Vidérthe Gouemement of Mafter raj | 


Richard Poore, 
Nobert Vong. 


Marmaduke Conſtable. 


Thomas Hesket. 
William Waſſe. 
Lohn Feuer, 
Daniel. 
Thomas Taylor. 
Richard Humſrey. 
Iohn Wrighr, 
Gabriel North. 
Bennet C 
Richard Sare, 
ames Lacie. 
Smolkin, 
Thomas Smart, 
‘Robert, 
2 Euans, 
Roger Large, 
—— 1 
Francis Whitton, 
Rowland Grittyn. 
William Millard 
John Tit, 
Edward Seclemore, 
Iohn Anwike, ‘ 
Chriftophes Marfhail, 


- Danid Williams, 


Nicholas Swabber, 
Edward Ch ping. 


. Siluefter Bec ing. 


Vincent Cheyne. 
Hance Walters, 


Bduetd Barecombe, 


Thomas Skeuclabs, 
William Walters, 


ng i he bit wih Engulh no tant | 


—— — 


HA. R 


in Ch rites 
er Spaine 
flare, in rol 
growth of 
ſundꝛy othe 
wee finveg 
clothes, but 
per ca 
pou both in 
heartily to y 
ginia this th 


S — 


An ac 
Engl 
Matter 
of lune 
ter Ral 


© conmon veque 
> and Pariners 


mtant to haue! 
whercot ſhall b 
The fir 


Virgini 


‘ chence was dou 
d pet full of fla 


* 4 
oak aboue + 929,00 
chanel of a yecat 


AH. N Lane Trat fiques,and Diſcoueries. : 


— desrany flee, 


be l. Colonie, 9 
— Oe 


4 eeld buts bs ins ofall fouey 
. oa “er , kaly, on the Gat doe vnto vs, in in oplex, in Che rich and 
, that remai. — Dee tikoatones conan, — and ſuch like thete parts noe abouns oi che moineea™ 
of Maſter a growth ol chem all, but being Bauages —— 5 ‘ioe he — 4 — — Virginia, 
1 1 tually are mot — Defirous to baue 
oore. duet finde great abundance of. The people na » €ommovttire 
Coches, but efpeciatty of courte cloth rather then lde, courte aan hep alfo ithe well of, but cop. Hide 
10 onltable ‘ per carpeth the price of all,fo it be made red. Thus good M. Hak! t and h. H. J baue iopne> 
— you both in oncleccer of remembyance, ag ewa that A leur deaelp well, ad me moſt 
alle. beeartily to pou * — W Aimightie. From the nem Font m Vi- 
. . Your moſt aſſured friend Ra pn Lane, 
rl AI account of the particularities of the imployments of the 
ht. Englith men letein Virginia by Sir Richard Greemenill vnder the charge of 
rth, | 2 Matter Ralph I. ane Generail of the lame, from the 17, of Auguſt 1585, votillthe 28, 
of lune 1586, at which time they departed the Countrey: fentand dire dedto Sit Wal. 
e. 2 ter Ralegh, 
e. f bat Procecde with over in this diſtvurſe, 5 thinke it requitite to düude 
j 78 mel te — emma auser the particularities of lch parte at ne 
art, pa Rak Frei abla vat 25 ae ruber, am gb of eee 
: Ox 15 Wet kaun pan ee cr ol. oh 
. . 0 econd part et Downe Fealons generally mouing be to 
e. 1 = on our departure at che inftane wich the Bencvail Spit Warsi Drake, and our 2.partsot 
* 7 ea bate pen cere earn uh h un 2 Ca aan r time 
itlyn. meant to haue taped there, were carped with cempett and foute weather i che beginning 
dla uhercof ſhall bee declared the confpivacie of Pemifapan, wich the Sdauagres of the maine to haus 
3 I he firſt 


/ 
che particularicies of the Co. vou hall vnderſtand 
fame bach beene extended from the Mla of Roanoak, 


of our ſettlement itatiö, into the S 
. — 


Douchward of difcouery was Secotan, 
fourefcore miles diſtant from Roses. The — — 
chin the mayne, the fame being wichout of lande, 
ate with foure dare to patte the fame, 
Fe deb. bet furniture, baggage, ann victuall fo fe 
tn hee an ae Deepwater fo cn, 
e and other r ; 

of thofe pares vntill 


„ 


( biftant fifceene mses From the ore) 
ae sca sc 
—— Neat wong Ci al. 


Countreys of kertili abioyn . 
sts Opoffians, which al — 8 
fo he z offense erf. 


As che Ma 


es the, in is ii which J hav fon / me 


cean to vilite she Cols. 


nn bn AU Ss Se Kander ce futiht te A par béftouetp wan to Chawanook diftant from Roa. 
whoticme, thet f nos abou: 1 routes, Our i diaper lpeth through founn 
ius hopliy ae 


a bra but all freſh water, nd 
a | Lücke ee spt: poo ping Busou be beide, 
igiith:,no rt 
ul 


____ TheEnglifh Voyages,&c. A/‘Ralpb Lan. 


The Townes about the waterg five Heuaten by the way are cheſe following : Paſſaquenel 
The womans er Metack wem: all theſe b 9 
vnder the turtſdiction of the king ol Weapomeiok, called Oliſco : from Muſcamunge we t: 
into the Riucr, aud iuriſdittion of Chawanook: There the Niuer beginneth to ſtraighten vntuln 7 
* to Oha anool, and then groweth to be as narrow as the Thames bett wene Wellmini, | 7 
and Lambeth, ‘ | bp 

Betweene Mufcamunge and Chawanook vpon the left hand as wee paſſe hither,is a gold) 
bigh land. and there ig a Cowne which we called The blinde Towne, but the oauages cal 
Ohanoak, and bath a very goodly come field belonging unto it: it is fubtect toChawanook, fF” 
Chetotuneot Chawanook it felfe is the greater pꝛouinte ¢ Seigniopie lying vpon chat Riuer, aud the 
fo mane v0, ry Towne it ſelle is able to put 7oo.fighting men tnto the file, beben the forces of the Prom a 
men of warte. it ſelfe. 1 

The King of che ſayd Pꝛouince is called Menatonon, a man impotent in his lis but och. 
wilt fo a Savage, a very graue and wile man, en a very Cingular doe Défcou: fe mum 1 
concerning the ſtate, not onely ol his owne Coumtrey, and che di poſition of bis one men, ty 
allo of his neighbours round about hun as well farre as neere, and of the commonities that tal 
Countrep peeideth. Eihen d had him prifener with me, to two dapen that we were together, y ! ud altogether 
Gaue mer meze vnderitanding and light of the Councrep then J had receiued by all the Learriy a 
and Dauages chat before J op any of my compante had had conference with: it was in ug 
laſt pat 158 6. Amongſt other things he tolde me, that going thee dayes iourney in a C 
bis Rluer of Chawanook, and then delcending to the land, pou are within foure dapes iourney y f 
paile oucr land Honthenſt to a certatme Rings countrey, whole Pꝛoumer ſyeth wpon the Bea lu 4 
An Zlandina his place of greatett ſtrength is an Alland fituate,as hee deſcribed onto mee, ina Bay, the war N 
ap. round about che Alland very derpe. lrrange 
Weartes nf: Dut of this Bay hee ſigniſied vuto mee, that this Ring bad fo great quantitie of Ptartt ag 3 
ie" doeth fo opoinarily take the fame, as that not onelp his owne Chinnes that bee wearcth, ann ty me to the head t. 
5 better fort of his gentlemen and followers are full fet with the ſapd Pearle, but alfo bis beds, 5 > chat forchiwich ie 
„ wich chem, and that hee hath luch quancitie of them, that it is a bn 
to ſee. 


he ſhewed me that the ſayd Ring was with him at Chawanook two preres before, hung 

him certaine Pearle, but the fame of the wont (ore, yet was he faine ¢ buy chem of bun for copper 
at a deere rate, as he thought. Dee gaue mee a rope of the fame pearle, but they were blake, u 
naught, vebmump of chem were verb great, and a few amongtt a number very opient and lum taryp vs, vntil wee 
all which Alon with other things of mune conurting aboopo Dir Francis Drake his Fleltt: u other kinne of Wa 
tolde me that the ſayd King had great (tore of Pearle that were white, great, and round, and dh uering moje bictu 
bis blacke {Pearle bis men did takeout of (hallow water, but the white Wearle his mun fiha ig Jung in 

in ver 


water. 
ebene bis pec, the the ay ng ba bern bib able me athe ty 1s 
as we haut len dhefe whice wearle, and that was the realon that hee would not bepart with aba fi 
then with blacke Pearles, to thoſe of the fane countrep, 
enen fouls Dut eat ine me gusto go our ano mo tbat kings cy 
whenfocuer J would: but he aduiſed me to take good ſtoze Min wich me and good oye of um I and alites 
aul ornate would be Lotto Cute anp Arangers to eneee nto bis €oumtecp ehe 0 
ciallp to meddle with the fop anp Pearle there, and that bee was able to make a great m 
of men into the lield which be ſayd would light very well. 


me, 
— — 


of 
' the bead of the Tiner in che place of mv nefeene where 7 ina rte en 
aust leit my doates, to haue ratten a Itonſe with a ſmull trench, and a patitfado upon the y hunden 97 & 
"1 ROD a ne are oy betes tee bane Bur dorm, tan Out bopage intended 


alph Lane, (i M. Raſſe Lane. Traftiques & Difcoueries, ~~ roe 


Paflaquenoke | miththe rett would 1 haue marched with as much biccuall ag tuery man could haue carted, wi 
“ all — — 9 their duniture, mattocks, {paves and ares, two es iourney. In the ende of mp march — 
amunge wt tr ſiunme conuenient plot would I baue raiſed another ſconſe accozding to the former, where Z would 
raighten unn baue left fiftecne 0; twentie. And if it would haue fallen out conuententlp , 
ene Weltminie, | would haue raifenmp lade (conte bpon fome 


in the w 
Cogne fielbe, that mp company mi ap 4 


ght haue liued 
bpon It. 


i 5 Aud ſo A would haue holden this courte ol inſconſing euerp two dayes m 
— 5 — bene actiued at the Bay 02 Wore hee ſpabe of: which finds 7 


Ng to bee wont) the 

* aue railen a maine fore, both fos the defence of the harbo „ 4 
* ao — haue reduced our whole habitation ftom Roanoak any — te mon 
7 of the Phu (wich by proofe is very naught) vnto this other beforementtonen, ne 

bapes march * dee nen, d —— al times returne with my boates 
ums but on mung onder my (conte, very nere | of notable 
canine Rivet, and in all thole led luer opencth 
sone men, iu anoob, and all th 
odities that cary weather, 
were together Oe 
v all the ſentin 1 
—— cen ; ames betwixt Gr 
Dapes iourneyy ¶ in lame leſſe: the current runue th as ſerong 
pon the Sea, by . 

but alſo the S 

Ver, whe hun that Riuer, a 
tie of pearls, ay sit is chirtie 
wearcth, and ty 
alfo bis beds, a ideth fo neere 
at it is a w a g a) the waues 
becote rough HE fale ano bpack tb 


lome agreed fog, and fent his ſanue in 
ue that Niuer with two double w 


— eee 
and tarv vs, until wee aOkS,0) Of the Mang 
+ ae Toye Daun Get ward of the Cain Rlurt: bi 
d round, an n uering nd thy tompanp as nary 
his min fither in ang (n tbat oifcouerie men did, that miſſedt 
Fo; Pemifapan, tubo hab 
n chat had clothes animo, had giuen both the 8 
part with ahn fame 
t kings county 
Dod lore of em HE an reer bowes, p> 
pumeecp,anoeipes Me tt Pred in the fame confene ble of themfeluesto pp: 
the a great many che enterprife : And true it was t ¢ aſſembiy was holden at 
hawanook abo found at m 
we of April, ew muy thema a 
— 
vert come in, J None sthat our purpote was fully bent 
nd to haut lm tem: o ö meaning — . 
ould haue rn her in lik fort bauing feme ngoaksof mine intention ta paile bp into their 
make , and wah faive boch they and e Moratoks, before wee were ene 
th the guins te atmen a league, ann they i 
berne of his bt 


the 

. {os cbt tangy 

pt me compame Am an ballen tine rapes page the Rluer. wee could not meete a man n ote 
frame of Come in aup their Comnes + wiow Teuerung with mp lelte that wee had 

dbere Tan uff iett, and that Ae were then 160 man from home, befioes caſualtie of 

vpon the top l unt hunden 9) bong esting nen of ou ohne SDauagee mühe hne 

wo oie intended, though wee hab no 9 bee hurtful 2 — 


% maruetions 
Mineral in tde 
Chaunis le- 
mona. 


1 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Al. Raſp Lane 


then for our copper to haue had toꝛne of them: I at night vpon the Corps ol guard before the pu 


— 


ting forth of Centinels, adutrtifed the whole company ol the cafe wet ſtoode in fo) vic tuail any tt fell out be 
of mine opinion that we were bettayed by dur owne Maunges, and ol purpoferpawen forth , 


them vpon vaine hope to be in the ende ſtaruer, let ing all the Countr ey fle before vs, and thut | 
fore while wee had thole two dayes victuall left, I thought it good fo) vs to make our return | 
home ward, and that it were neteſſary fo) vs to get the other Moe ol the RoundofWeopomeick | we though, 
in time, where wee might be relleued vpon the weares of Chypanum, and the womens C own, 3 
although the people were flev, mar bine | 
Thus much J Agnifie onto them, as the Cafett wap :meuercheletle A vin veferre it to h.,] Ferre loben 
eateft number of voycen, whether wee (ould aduenture the {pending of our whole victualln F ſpoken 
forme further viewe of that mot goodly Riuer in hope to meete with ſome better happe, oꝛ ot: 
wile to retire our ſelues backe againe, And lo; that they might be the better aduiled, A wm un, Aab 
them to deliberate all night vpon the matter, and in the mozning at our going abo de to let un pean 
tourſe accopding to the defives of the greatel part. Their refolution fully and wholp was (am F ; followed foy 4 
not three founve to bee of the contrary opinion) that whiles there was left but one halle pine nd F 
Cone fo) a man, wee ſhould not le aue the fearch of that River, and that there were in the com FF i them tough 
panie two Paſtiues, vpon the pottage of which with Qatlafras leaues (ik the wort fell out) ie ‘ of thete viceual 
company would make ſhikt to liue two dayen, which tune would bing them downe the cum ceonuentent 1 
to the mouth of the Niuer, and io the entrte of che Bound, and in two doyes moze at the lu g 
they hoped to crolle the Hound and to bee relicued by the weares , which two doyes ihey wo ing backe agai 
fatt rather then be opawen backt a foote till they had ſeene the Mangoaks , either as friend at my firdt moti 
foes, This reſolution of theirs bid not a little pieaſe mee. ice it came ol tbemſelues ata then Doggen 
for nuttrutt of that which afterwards did happen, A pretended to haue bene rather ol the con 4] betaye m 


* tbat which made me mo deſirous to haue ſome doings with the Mangoaks either a 4 tent, as much ag 
kriendſhip oꝛ ot herwiſe to haue had one oz two of them p)ifoners,was,fop that it is a ting mod ) me had nothing 


toptous to all the countrep, that there is a Pꝛouince to the which the ſald Mangoaks haue rtr ma neuer bed 
and trafique vp that Riuer of Moratoc, which hath a marucilous and mot range mu, 7 faiting : tbatday 
Chis Mme is lo notorious amongſi them, as not onely to the Dauages dwelling vp the ſam nun, tie of pattage wit 
and alfo to the Spauages of Chan anool, aud all hem to the IAleltward, but alſo to ali themofik . tructy. Upon e 
maine: the Count reis name is of fame, and is called Chaunis Temoaran. unn bp foure of tt 

The Pinerall they ſay is Waflador , which is copper, but they call bp the name of Wade were flen, but th 


euery mettall whatfocuer : they Capit is of the colour of our copper, but our copper is better in be lo: for ſome o 
theirs : and the reafon is fop that it is redder and harder, whereas that of Chaunis Lemon, e 
very foft, anv pale: they lay that ihey take the ſaide mett all out of a ciuer that falleth veryldt⸗ 
from bie rockes and hils, and they take it in (hallow water: the maner is this. They take agree 
bowle ae N deſcription as gie at as one of — ——— — Chinne — — the bollos 

ltauing onc part open to tec eiue int tall: that done, the commas God, 02 apallage 
ones current, and the charge of the colour of the water, and then ſuddenly chop downed requelt — 
fain bowle with the Chinne, and rectiue into the fame as much oare as will ct me in, which zaun will ber the moll li 
as much as their bo wle will holde, which pꝛeſently the y caſt into a fire, ann foo bu ith it meli. 
and doeth peeloe in ſiue parts, at the fir melting, two potts ol me tali for three parts ol aut. 
Or this me tall the Mangoaks haue ſo great More , by report of allthe Sauages adio ymng cb 
they beaurifie their with great plates of the Came: any this to be true, I ret eiued by repos 
of all the tountrey, and particularlp by pong Skiko, the Ring of Chaw anooks fonne my pyifoner, 
who allo himfclfe had bene prifoner with che Mangoaks , and fet dow ne all the particularities 
me before mentioned: but bee had not bene at Chawnis Temoaran himſelfe: fo2 bee (ain, it wa 
twentie dayes iourney ouerland from the Mangoaks,to the ſoid Mineral Countrep,and chat tho 
patter thꝛough certaine other territopies between them and the Mangoaks, befoze they cen 
the laid Count rey. 

Upon report of the pe miſſes, which I was very inquilitiue in all places where I comes 
take very particular infopmacion ol, by all the Sauages chat dwelt towards thoſt parts,arvelpr 
cially of Menatonon himſelſe, who in euety thing did very particularly informe mee, and pm 
led me guides of his oume men, who ſhould paſſe duet with me, euen to the Calo Country ol Choke Civeretore a got 
nis Temoatan(fop ouerland from Chawanook to the Mangoaks is but one vapes tourney free out? bapes outer land 
Summe riding io Dune fering, whereas by wates it is dcden dapts WES te focus’ +) TH ag the piou 
thins, I lay, mode me very defirous bp all meanes poſſible co secouer the Mangos, and wan the Riuerof Mora 
fome of that their copper fo) an aur, anv therttope A willingly peetnenso their reſolutan, a aner being let, in che 


— 5 A if 
ne K 

0f.Hariors — 

* elo from very! 

no touching thes 

nthe Dauages are 


alph Lane, 25 

rb, before the put 8 2 
1 2 after two vapes trauell, and our 

nfo) victuall and ſhoar 

daawen —— 1 ny aoe — ub, ai = 

fore vo, and thers: 

nake our returne | 4 that time in the boat [ote = 

of Weopomeick ſome bim to anſwet 

womens Coty, j 


x referre it to ty 
whole victuaun 


r Nahr dix the other boate Ipi ready with their ſhot 
abuiled, A w? !? won hich mas ppetenety 

Abo re to let on with quitted the ſhoare, and 

arta pie 

ne halte p 

were in the com: abe a 
wont fell out) ty tefore 

lope at the fan e the ri the 
dayes (hep woud 


angoaks either a 1 ; we loogeo pone 
tsathing mtw i of Sallafras leaurs, the — 
aks haue recourse byoad found wee had to paſle — whereof fo; a meate 


drang men fatting : th lew next day all fret and 
1 ſo and the billow 
vp the ſau nun palage without Rtrongt fo great, that t 


here was no oſſibili· 
1 linking ol our boates, This was vpo 
oto all themal ix ttuely. Upon Caller day in the “es 


lon Calter tue, which was fa ed ve 

4 moꝛning the 

‘anny toureot the clocke wewerene Chen lags ae ented the fou 

name of Wallada HE” were flen, tome 

vpe r is beriet the Be bo 

—— i — ‘ 

 Falleth verp loc: i ore what particularly, to 

They cake ag to gteat good wll fre, 

r ouer the bold that the diſcouery of a 

atch the com O00, of apallage be South · lea, oꝛ wap to it, and nothin 

* — equett to be inhabited bp the dilcouery of 

em, and therewithall 

rant dpa Ato many eer rote and 
» Which ot wi 

ere 0 8 5 * chan botherwife of them 

reteiued by: 

onnt my pytlonet, 

p particularities ie 

—— — 

rey, and ; of moze men, and fi 

an an ctl , . 5 ome other net 


riuer ot Moratico bꝛomiſeth 


a ol it by the de ſctiptton of Co riſeth 
where Accmen from very neeve onto he fame, eb — the South lea. 
| woot pati ®. YVoughen ad 

Cberetope a good har 328 pers 


by the wap. as alic | defence of our boats like 
courte of proceeding wave pout Cele fromal thote bangers and 


boa 


nes vi ot bent no poſſivilit ie in common reafon, but bp the imme diate hande of C od) hat wee couloe hw 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. M.Ralph Lane, 


- i MI 

ab (hallow founds before mention / nd gaine wi hin foure Dayes craucll into the Heart ofthe | 8 
maine 200. wilt q at the leaſt, and ſoſ pour diſcoue ry into chat moll notable conte, ande Wwojke ov 
the like lu ſ parts of the maine, with farce greater fe licitie then othe rwile can bet pee umd. being alin 
Thus Dir, I haue though ſimply, yet cructp ſet doume vnto you, what mp labour with ehe reg their old n 
of he gentlemen, and pooze men of our company (not without both patne and perill, W U thot at, ant 
Lond in hes mercy many wapes deltuertd vs from) coulo perle onto pou, which might hawe ben holde opin 
performen in ſome tone perfection, if the Loꝛd had bene pleated chat one ly that which pou had yy —s hea but fe 
utdedfor vs had at the Arik bene lelt with vs, oz that hee had nat in his eternal ppoutdence now » ‘ All chef 


the laſ ſet ſome other courte in theſe things, then che wifenorme of mancoulve looke into, b hen hee f 
truely the carping away by a mot range ¢ ynlooked fo Ropme of all our prouifion,with Barke, were territ 
Matter Mariners, and ſund zy alſo of une owne company, al bang be ne lo courteoutlp ſuppum accinent,, § 
bp the generall Ou tele Drake, the fame haning bene molt (uificient to haue performed thy | bp, which 
greatett part of the premifles, mut cuer make me tochinke the hand of God onelp (for iomehe F Tluhen 


good puryote to my lelte yet vnkno wen) to haue bene in che matter, : J 
7 mi apan 
The fecond part touching the conſpiracie of Pemiſapau, che dil. : — 
couery of the fame, and at the laſt, of out requeſt to depart with i peng to 
Francis Drakg for England, non the ſay 
AN Nſenore a Sauage father to Pemifapan being the onely friend to our nam prinetpeltett 
8 ee y chat we had amongſt them, and about the Rin x, died the 20. of Aprils 586, ey faine, nd fo | 
§ E2455) lone bad before oppoſed humſelke in their contultations againtt all matters yy — u 
8 fs polen age int vs, which hoth the King and all che reſt of them after Grange %. 
SA Ne af) noes death, were very willie to haue preferred, Ardlye was not ont ly by h i which | 
me ere prowidence of God during his life, ameane to laut ve from hurt, asp bis @: 
fonines ano ſuch like, but allo to doe vs very great goon and ſingularly in this, bun in diſpolit 
Che King was ar tuſed and of himſelfe vifpofeo, as arcanp meaue to haue allurettp byougy ported on 


vs to ruine in the moneth of March 1 86, nmlette alfo with all his Dauages to hrucruncy HH 7 - 
way from vs, and to haue I fe his grouno in the Flann wnfoweos which il hee had oc ne, thereha fedour whole! 


a bene preferued from Qorwing out of bande, Fox at chat time wee had no weares fo; filh, un B 
Dane toulde our men ſ kill of ihe making of them, neuher had wee one graue of Coyne for ſcede u — 
into the ground. j 
In mine adfence on my voyage that 7 had made ag inſt the Chaonifts, and Mangoaks,ty E 2 


had raiſed a bzute among themſeiues, hat J aud my company were part llaine, and part fiw (a8 often they b 
by the Chaonifts, and Mangoaks, One part ol this tale was too true, th J and mint wert ln ung boſſe * 


Neuer till mp returne it tooke ſuch effect in Pemiſapar bzeaſt, an in thoſe ag fore is ſalde 4 
vs, thot els: ot onelp into contempt of vs. bur alfo (contrarp to their toner rtut rena nues about * 
nion inn e Almightte God ol heauen, nd Jeſus Chniſt whom wee ſetue and wore, were in hand 


whom befose {0 would acknowledge and confeile the amy God eee blalphen, all their former | 
and flatly to fap, that our Londe God was not Gov, fiuce bee ſuffered vs to lulaine much hunger, bs, by their lybe 
and alſo to be killed of the Renapoaks, fo? fo they tall bp that gener all name ell the inbabuantsol ES one inſtan tt0 (ot 
the whole maine, of what pꝛouince ſocuer. Inlomuch as olde Enfenore neither any ol hotel within two le. 

lowes could for his fake haue no moꝛe credite ſoʒ vs: and it came fo larre that the king was tele among them and; 


ued to haue prefently gone away as is afopefaid, Flirtchat Oki 
But euen in the beginning of this haute J returned, which wh en hee ſawe tontrary to his w great qu antitie of 
pectation, and the aduertiſement that bee had recetued s that not onely my ſelſe, and my compa matter thus to be o 


were all fafe, but alſo by report of his owne ;. Sauages which had bene wih mee be ſides Van. runde which they 
teo in that voyage, that is to lay, Tetepano, his fitters ſhuſband Eracano, and Coſſine, thit i mould haue bene fe 
Chanoifts and Mangoaks ( whofe name and multitude beſides there valour is terrible co all HF ple, wich the Chele 
reft of hr pꝛouintes) durſt not loꝛ the mod part of them abive vs, and that thoſe that did aktdtu f toto the maine of 
were killed, and that we had taken Menatonon prifoner, and brought his ſonne that he bel daun changeablp be made 
to Roanoak with mer it did not a little all wage all deuiſes againſt vs: on the other five, u man cuttome, and ſome 
Enfenores opinions to bee reteiued againe with greater refpects, Foꝛ he had often before tom f ofthe telt Mhouty hat 
idem . aud then renewed choſe his former ſperches, both to the king and the te, Chat wer wi camp, whom the 
the feruants of Gon , and that wee wert not fublect to bee dettroped by them: but tontrarynih f hing of crab and li 
that they amengſt chem that fought our deſtruction, ſhould finde their owne, 2 Tamaquine and 


—— 
alph Lane, 
nto ih heart ofthe | 
le count rex, andi 


peeperfopmen, 
about with the req 


sul 
then now we coulo bo 
being alive; an op. on very confioently at this bap holden by the wifett 
theit old mon. an alla. that i y haut bene inthe night, being o. miles fro 


— bat bp ebe eat Of voin rhe aire 
robe n Come men of our», ad ied among them: and man of the 
1D perill. Which rye | — — We be Dead men cet utued into the world againe, and that wee doe pm fe 
ch might Have bene fad button a certaine time, and chac then we retuene againe 
which pou bar pro 1 Allthele ſpeethe s then againe grewe in ful crevice with them. the ang, and all. touching vg, 
poulde nc e now a | when her fate the (malt troupe returned Agatne, and in that ſot from: ‘> whole very nemeg 
e Looke into uu waere terrible onto them : But that which made vy the matter on our lib hat time was an 
iiflon,with Barks, + accivent, pea tather ( as all the rell wag ) the good pꝛoudenct of thc Qi, e loz the ſalung of 
purteoutly ln vs, which was this, 
aut perfornen hy ) Within certaine vapes after my retarne from the ſayd lourne y, Mens non ſent a meſle 
onelp (for Lome hu 0 villte his fone the p aner with me, and ſent me certatne pear le fora bielent, oz rather, as Pe. 
muſapan tolde mec, fo) che ranfome of bis lonne, and therefore I refufen them: cut the arearett 
e cauleof bis fending chen, was to lignite vnto mee, that bee had connnaunded Okiskeo Ring ot 
fapan, che dif. : Weopomiok, to pee! ve bimfelfe fecuant, ano bomager, to the great Weroanza ol England, and 
a with Si after her to Sir Walter Raleigh: toperfourme which connnandemene rectiued from Menatoe 
non, the ſayde Okisko topntly with this Mensconons meflenger ſent foure and fwentie of his 
5 i puuntipalleit men to Roanoak to Pemifapan, to lignifie that they were ready to petfourine the 
elend to our nan lane, and fo bad ſent thoſe his men to let mee knowe that from that tune fopwarne, bee, and bis 
f Aprils 586,0ee fucceffours were to acknowledge her Maiettte their onely Soucraigne d next vnto her, as l 
itt all matters yy > aforfayn, 
hem after Grange, All which being done, and acknowledged by them all, in the p 
das not ont ly bp ty 


4 ' f Pemifapan bis father, 
mn all his & wages in counſell then With him, it dio for che tin wip (as it fe 
from hurt, aspop him in —— toward vs: Inſomuch as foonhwi:h E nfenc une this refolution of bim, 
. | 7 that out of hand he ould goe about, and withall, o cauſe his men co tp weares foot htuith for 
e aſſuret ly brougy Us both which he at that pꝛe ſent went in hande withall, and did fo labour the etpe dition of it, chat 
es to H ue runut / in the end of Apꝛil he had fowena good quantitie ol ground, ſo much a [ 
had de ne, thereha led our whole company (Gov bleſling the grouth) ano that by the bel 
at - _ but that he gaue vs acertaine plot of ground for our lelues tofowe, 4 
ves fog fith, 4 6 


une for ſeede tone & f beginning of thew harueſt,) that then anewe ſupply out of En 


ND Mangoaks, thy 1 ik the Duages ſhould not helpe vs with Caffaui, and Chyna and that our weares ſhould fate vs, 
e, and part u (46 often they did.) we might very well Tarue, not withlkanding the towing corne,like the llar · 
and mint were ung hoste in the ſtable, withthe Growing grafle,as the pꝛouer be law 


awd in thoſe agu 1 fore is ſaide, Enſenore our kriend died, who w 
ner KUL tende mies about Pemifapan, a8 Ofacan a Weroance, Tana uiny and Wancheſe mo principally, 
ferue and woe were in hand againe to put their olo pꝛactiſes in be againt bs, which we re readily imbzaced, and 

an to blaſphent all their fopmer deulſes againſt vs renued, and new byought in quettion, But that ol ſtaruing 
Raine much bunger, D8, bp their ybearing to low, mas bꝛoken by Enſenore in his life, by hauing made the Ring all at 
il the inbabwantsol BE ane inſtant to fow bis grouud, not onely in the Rand, but allo at Daſamonquepeio in the maine, 
richer any ol bis fel mn (no leagues ouet againt vs,seuertbeiife there have 


uo Rope of nulchicuous pꝛactiles 

the king twas cell among them, and of all they reſolued ppincipally ol this following, 

| Fitlchat Okisko hi of We iok with the Mandoages ſhould bee meaued, and with eye conſpira⸗ 
contrary to his c great quantitie of Copper incercained to the number of 7, 02 8, hundꝛeth bowes, to enterppile rhe [of Neat. 
e, and my compaly mutter thus to be ordered. Chey ol Weopomeiok could be inuited to a certaine kn months 

mee ay Hi minde which they doe vfe to lolemmiſe in their Dauage maner for any 

pb Coffine, thit 


reat perl: awe dead, and 
ts inſtant alſo ſhould the Mandoaks, who Were agreat pegs 


ends to the number of Joo. of them, be armed at a day appoin⸗ 


is terrible to ally 
ole that did att 
ne that he ben un 
c other five, u mm 
wo often befope tom 
ell, that wer wf 
+ but — 
and not N 
an wei 


haue come aner 
Cortipanp, whom they did bot ed abzond in che Illand, (ees 
hing of tabs and fith to liue withall. Che maner of thei: encerprife was this. 
Tonaquine and Andacon two principal men about Pemifapan, ano very lultie fellowes, 
YT 4 


with 


262 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. AMA. Ralph Lane. Ad. Ra 
Ehetormeot withtwentie moze appointed to them hav the charge of my perſon to lee an oꝛder taken foz the ſent m 
chere. Cane, whichthey 1 ſhouidd in this fort haue bene executed, In the dend time ol che night they Fi onelt 

would haue belet mpboute, and put fite in thereedes that the lame was couerev with: meaning within eight 

(as it was likely) that my lelke would haue tome running out ok a ſudden amazed in my thirt wuß⸗ mage their al 

out aries, vpon the inttant whereok they would haue knocked out my dꝛatnes. ud to ſtap lon 

Che fame oder was giuen to certaine of his fellowes, fop M. Heriots: ſo fo all the reſt of our thought good 

better lozt, all dur houles at one inſtant being let on fire as afore is ſalde, and that as well fethem nigbe I mean 

ok the fort, as fox vs at the towne. Now to the ende that we might be the kewer in number tog ⸗ all the canoas 

qpenuticiens ther, ann ih bee the moze callip dealt twithall (for in deen teme of vs without armespreparn, ] Pruttbe tot 
sit of oe met were à tetrour to a hundyD of the belt fore of them, ) they agreed and did immediatly put iin the Mater oft 
uagts.10.£9 nichr ther would lende to haue ourtwearestobben, andalfotocaulethemtobeebyoken,andone FF camefromtbe 
being bzoken neuer to be repairenagatne by them, By this meanes the King Moon atlucco,he and cutoff tw 

Frnutt bee enforced fo; lacke of (ultenance there, to difband mp companp into fundyy placeste HF hore ; wherup 

liue vpon chell fich, lo ſo the Sauages themſelues doe. going toHatorask,Croatoan, and other vs, held as goo! 

Ie Sanages places, iſhing ard hunting, while thetr grounds be tu fowing, and theiscopne growing: wich FF ==» The allarm 
tne bp Aung, ailed not his expectation. Foz the kamine grew fo extreeme among vs, our weares kailingw o dfoure ok them a 
fal bare. filh, that A was enforced to fende Captaine Stafford with ao. ich him to Crostoan my Lond nung with the l 
mirals Aland to ſerue two turnes in one, that is to lap, to feede himfelfe and his companp, and an Sergeant mait 

tokeepe toate fanp Chipping came uhren ene thefame, ‘ent M-Prida JR abe ue 

with the pinnete co Hacorask,anp ten with hin, with the Pꝛauolt MParthal to line there mer ME biminehe wap 

foto wait for ſhipping: ello I enc euery weeke 16,03 20. of the reſt of the company to the mam wiloner, whom 


15 ming to him, an 
ers, (not regard 
Chriſt our victo 


duer againſt vg, to liue of Caſada and oyſters. 
In the meane while Pemiſapan went of purpoſe to Daſamonquepeio for thꝛet cauſes: Cy 
one to {ee his grounds there broken vp, and olen fo? a ſecond crop: the other to wichdꝛawe bam 


{elfe krom my Daply lending to bim for fupply of victuall for my company, foz bee was afrainn fupour deliueran 
deny me any thing, neither durũt hee in my pꝛelente but by colour and with excules, wütch Aun the Cobonell wit 
content to accept fo2 the time, meaning in the ende as J bad reaſon, to give him the iumpeone e Mantcos frier 
for all: but in the meane whiles, as J had euer done befoze, J and mine bare all wrongs, and u vp, and ran away 
cepted of all excuſes. : ung by the way th) 
My purpole was to haue relied my Celfe with Menatonon, andthe Chaoniſts, who in truth rich man ſeruing 
they are move valiant people and in greater number then the relt, ſo are they mone kaithfull in tet the woods, over 
ules, and ſinte my late being there had giuen many tokens ol earneſt deſire they hadto m owne negligente 


in perfect league with vs, and therefore were greatly offended with Pemifapan and Weopo E woods with Pem 
meiok for making him beleeue (uch tales of vs. This fell our 


Che third caule of his going to Dafamonquepeio was to diſpatch his meſlengers to Weoyo , taßtaine Stafford 
meioł, and to the Mandoages, as aforefato : all which he did with great impʒeſt of copper ind md twenty lattes 
making large pꝛomiſes to them of greater ſpoile. me to ſtand vpon: 

Che e within fein Daves after came from Weopomeiel, which was deuided intottn = 5 — of ¢f 

ay trauelled by le 


arts. F eit for the Ring Okisko, who denied to be of the partie for himſelke, o anp of his eſpecil 
fellomers, imd cherefore did immediatly recive himſelle with his force into the maine: the ore was the gentlem 
was concerning the rett of the Cain pꝛouinte who accepted of it: and in like Cort the Mandoogsre I foule, to perfopine 


ceiued the 1 bebzought me 

Che day of their allembly aforefato at Roanoak was appointen the 10. of June: all whichtle I Nourable offer fo 
pꝛemiles were dilcouered bp Skyco, the King Menatonon his ſonne my prifoner, tobe haun I into; and that not. 
onte attempted to run away, J laid him in the bylboes, ihꝛeatning to tut off his head, whom Git ther allo bp him to 
mitted at Pemiſapans requeft : whereupon bee being perl waded that bee was our enemie to te The tench day h 
neath, he did not onely ferd him with bimfetfe, but al(o made him acquameed with all his pꝛattitt. A elkurnth bap J can 
Onthe other Live, the pong man finding bimielfe as well vſed at my bande, as J hap meantstt i byiting 


and meſlag 

chew, and that all my company made much of him he flatip vifcouered al vnto me, which allo atter MF to allche captaines 
wards was reueiled vnto me by one ol Pemifapans owne men, that night before he was flaine, With ſuch thank 
hele milchtekes being all inltantiy vpon me and my company to be put in execution, it toed ME ibe matter deſerued 
mee in hand to ſtudy how to prevent them and alſo to laue all others, which were at that time wt — what J wou 
fozelaid lo farre from me: whereupon J {ene to Pemifapan to put ſulpition out of bis head, he Fagland a number 
I meant prefently to go to Croatoan, fo2 chat I had heard ok the ariuall ofour F leete, (though and inplace of them 
in ttueth han neither heard nor hoped to ſo good aduenture,)and tha. J meant to come by hann Thathe would it 
boztotu of bis men to ith fo mp company, ¢ to hunt oy me at Croatoan, a alſo to buy Come fou mt Would carp me and 
dapes prouifion to lerue ko my voyage. te bebe oknecdtull pio 


AY bi 


150 Lane. | 1 M. Ralfe Lane. Traffiques and Difcouerizs, 


263 
Dercakenforthe f° Pe ſentme word that he would bimfelfe come ouer to Roanoak 
of the night hey J ferred, onelp to bring the Weopomeioks with him ¢ the Man me appointen nag 
v wi meaning ] within eight dayes after, It was the lat of P 1586 when all his owne , 
in my hice wi: F mage their aileinbly at Roanoak , at his cummmdement tent 


all the rett of our ' thought good ke go and vitte him wichluch as A had, which 4 te lued soo 
tas well fozthem & 


night J meant bp che way to gine them inthe Tan Acanuifado, and at the inſtant to ſetze pn 
in number toge: 1 ye ca 1 1 ries to heepe him from anu ervifenents, th o ſeize vpon 
armes pꝛepartd, ut the to e tooke the alarme rode I meant it to them $ the occafion was this, J had fene 
mmeDlacly putin the Maler of che light boxfeman, witha few with bim. en gather op all the canoasin denne 
elldes that inte okthe Dun, ¢totake as manp as were going from vs to Dafamonquepeio, but tofutfer any chue 
biken, and one came from thence, to land. pe met with a Canoa going krom de, ind ouerthretw che Can oa, 
doo allurtd hr and cutoff two Dauages heads: this was not done ſa fecretlp but he 


. fos Foi was bifcoueren from the eyenanghter 
fi lacesto ſoze; wherupon the erp aroſe: fo intrueryehep Priup to their owne villane urpo pte 
sic a 5 bo, held as goad efptall vpon vs, both day and night, as we Dib upon chem. us purpoſes againg or eae 
otving: wich chem 
ck bboureok them at the ürlt were faine with dur thot the rem lled into she wouns, Ehe ny: moz⸗ 
oa my Lo dy 


company, and ala 5 Sergeant maior, J went to Daſamonquepeio: d being landed, ſe 


b 2 » {ent Pemifapan torn b one 
a fent M. Pra okbis owne Sauages that met me at the ſhoze, that J was going to Croatoan ub 5 * 
Niue there, and: him in the wap to complaine vnto him of Oſocon, who the night pat was conueping aw 


5 
pany to the mam 5 prifoner, whom J had there pꝛeſent tied in an bandiocke, Deer 
8 


Nee cuuſes: Cy ers, l 
o withdzawe h Chritt our victory) and immedtatlp thofe his men and himſelfe had hyt mercyot 
bee . bam velluermer, ebae whichthep ban purpotenton ve, Che hing hin elfe win Bort ne 
ules, tobich Au theCotonell witha piſtoll, iping on the Around fog dead, & J look 
m the iumpe on al Manteos friends, as others were bulte that none of the reſt ſhould eſcape, ſuddeni he ſtarted 
| wrongs, and * vp, and ran away as though he had not bene touched, inlomutch as he ou ompanp, bes 

ng bp the way Hot thwark the buttocks by mine Frith boy with my petronell. In the end an Ye 
e, who in trueth rich man ſeruing me, oue Nugent, and the deputy pzouoſt, vndertooke bim; and following him in 
he Faithfull in tr tbe woods, ouertooke him: and q in lame doubt leaſt we had lot both the king e ray man by our emden 
ether baten i owne negligente to baue becne intercepte bythe Sauages, wee met him returning out of the 
pan and Weope woods with Pemifapans headin bis hand. : 

A _ Chis fell out tye fire of Aune 1586, and the cighe of the fame came aduertilement to me from 

ngersto Weopo BE. capcaie Stafford, Iping at mp lord Admirals Alland, that he had diſcouered a great fleet of chee 
of copper inn Ge ad twenty lailes: but whether they were ftiendso2 foes, he could Not pet difcerne, He aduiler 

me fo ſtand vpon as good guard as I could. a 
g dtuidend intottu The ninth of the lay mone th he himlelle tame unto me, hauing that night beloze, @ that (ame: 
any ol bis elpeca BE dap trauelled by land twenty miles: and Amug truelp report of him krom the ft to the laſt; hee 
maine: the ain woas the gentleman that neuer ſpared labour op perill either by land oz water, fatre weather of 
the Mandosgsre: I foule, to perkopme anp ferutce tummitted unto him. 

| De boourhe me a letter fromthe Generall Oir Francis Drake, wich a moſt bountifull ann hae letter fem 
une: all whichthe I rourable offer faz the dupply of out necelltties to the performance of the action wee were entẽer — 
oner, tubo baning I into; and that not only of victuals, munition, and clothing, but alſo ak bark, pinneſles, and boatgz 
head, whom At · they alſo bp him to be bictualled manned, and furniſhed to my contentatton, 
sourenemictote Me The tenth day he arrinen avs fd of oe bad barbopoty am comming thereto nance the 


flame. FE With (uch hanks onto him and bis Captaines top bis cate both cfs and of our action 
relic it lun ile mater deſerued, but as I cout both ko mp 3 — (being afopebann pres 
det dy se What J would vefire ) craued at his hands that it would pleaſe him to take with hem ingo 
it ok his head, 


iu Thathe would leaue vs lo much and 
ee would carp me and all Cipping ano victuall,as about Augutt chen nert following 


my into England we had dilcouer 5 
be oFnecaFutl prouiion te cine tee with ww pet peta aan 0 
That 


— — — — ——D — é 
264. The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, AA. Nulſe Lane, 


That it woulde pleaſe him withall to leaue ſome ſuffitic nt Maſters not onely ta carp vs into 
England, when time ſhould be, but alſo to ſearch the coatt fo ſome better harboze w ir there were 
any. and eſpetialip to belpe vs to ſome ſmall boats and dare. men. 

Alſo £03 a ſupplp of calieuers, handmeapons, match and lead, tooles, appareil, and ſurh like. 

We hauing receiued thele my requetts, accopding to his vſuall commendable maner of gouern 
ment (as it was tolo me) calling his captaines to counſell; the re ſolution was that J ſhould ſend 


luch of my offtcersof my comp anp as J vled in ſuch matters. with aheir notes, to coe abo wh a 


him; which were the Malter of the victuale, the Keeper ol the Nore, and the Uicatreaſurer: tp 
whom he zy pointed loꝛt with fox me The Francis, being a very proper barke ok / o tun and tooke 
prefent order for bringing of vit tual abooyd her foz ro men foz foure mioncths, with all my oer 
Demands whatlocuer,to the vttermoſt. 

And further, he appointed ko me two pinneſſes, and fuure ſmall boots: and that wich was tp 
perfopine all his former liberality towards vs, was the he had gotten the ſull allents oft wo of ag 
{ufficient experimented Watters as were any in his flett, by iudgement of them chat knew them, 
with very Cufficient gings to tarp with me, and to imploy themfelues maſt earnelily in theacticn, 
as I ſhould appoint them vntüil the terme which J pꝛomiſed of our returne into England again. 
The names of one of thole Mallers was Abraham Kendall, the other Griffith Herne. 

While theſe things were in hand, the pꝛouiſion aforefapd being bzought, and in bꝛinging « 
hoor, my ſayd q aſters being alſo gone abooꝛd, my ſapd barks hauing accepted of thew charge, 
and mine owne officers, with others in like fort of my company with them (all which was diſpat⸗ 
ched by the layd Generall the 12 ofthe layde moneth) the x 3 ofthe fame there arole (uch anon 
woonted forme, and continued koure dapes, that had like to haue daiuen all on ſhoze, if the Lon 
bad not held his holy hand ouer them, and the Ge nerall very pꝛouiventip fozelcene the war zſtbin 
felfe, then about my dilpatch putting himlelke aboogd ; but in the end heuing dziuen ſundzpolthe 


fleet to put to Sea the Francis alſo with all my pꝛtuiſions, my two Matters, and mycomra we 


booꝛd, the was ſeene to be free from the lame, am to put elcere to Sta. 

This tome hauing continued from the 13 tothe 16 ofthe moneth, and ihus my barkeyute 
wap as afoꝛeſayd, the Generall comming alt ore made a new pꝛoffer vnto me; which was a ſhpet 
170 tunne, called The Barke Bonner, with a ſufficient Mader and guide to tary with me the tine 
appointed, and victualled ſuffitiently to carp me and my co mps· into England, with « {I prowl: 
ons as before : but he tolde me that he would not for any thing vnvertake to haue her byorghtin BY 
to dur harbour, and therefor: he was to leaue her in the road, and to leaue the care cf the ꝛeſt hun 
my ſelle, and aduiled me to tonſider with mp company ok our cafe, and to deliver p2. fentlp onto 
bim in waiting what J would require him to doe lo vs; which being within his pc wer, he vival 
Inre me al well for his Captaines as foꝛ himlelfe ſhculd be moſt witlinglp per koꝛmed. 

peereupon calling ſuch Captaines and gentlemen ok my company as then were at hand, who 


0 lony: the reſt on 


2 


Inmmediatly 


plentikull am 
truſting to th 
their coꝛne w 
Qir Francis 
nn, and Saint. 
Caolonp then r 
ĩbhere our En 
and vent alan 
pali with then 
pet could hear. 
with them ſom 
they might then 
their letters to 


uels ech to othe: 


fleet from their 
there; and foz f 
chaſed from the 
on them fo; the 
ok that countrey 


ſlip abouementi 


were all as pꝛiuy as my felfe to the Generals offer ; their whole requeſt was to me. that confine FR arriued at Hator 


ing the cafe that we ſlood in, the weaknelle of our company, he {mall number of the lame tler 
rying away ok our firt appointed barke, with thole two eſpectall Maſters, with our principal 
pꝛouiſions in the lame, by the very hand of God as it ſeemed, ſtretched ouꝛ to take vs from thentt 
conlidering alfo, that his ſetond offer, though mot honourable of his part, pet of ours not to be te 
ken, inſomuch as there was no polſibility for her with any lafe ty to be bꝛought into the harbour: 
ſeeing kurthermoze, our hope for ſupply with Sir Richard Greenuill, ſo vndt ubte diy pꝛemiſtd 
vs betope Eaſter, not pet come, neither then likely to ce me this peere, e ding the doings in [i 
England fo; Flanders, and alfofog America, that therefoze I woulb · mp ſelfe wich mp 
company to goe into England in that fleet, and accogdingly to makerequett ie the Gencrallinall 
dur names, that he would be pleaſed to giue vs pꝛelent pallage with him. THy.chrequett ok ous 
by my felfe delineren vnto him, hee moſt readily affeneed vnto: au fo he ſending immediatly bis 
ö pinneſſes vnto cur I ſlanv for the fetching away of a few that there were left with cur baggegt 
the weather was fo baiſterous, ¢ the pinnelſes fo often on ground, that the molt of all we had, wich 
all our Cards, Books and wzitings were by the Datlers cat ouerboozd, the greater number ef 
the fleet being much agrit ued with theidlong and dangerous above in that milcrable road. 
From whence the General in the name of the Almighty, weping his ankers (hauing bellt we 
vs among his fleet) foꝛ the reliefe of whom het had in that forme luſteined moze perillol mack 
then in all his koꝛmer moſt honourable actions againt the Spanyards, with pꝛaelcs nto Godin 
all, (et ſalle the nineteenth ol June 1586, and atriued in Portimouti the tuen and twentierhe 
Aulp the fame peere, ö 5 
The 


rot finding then: 
About tourete 


E Grinuile Genera 
age, arriued there 


my newes of our 
bpinto diners pla 
there by him the y 
foe places of the 


me ad finding the pla 


wuntrep which E 
fome men behinde 
Ae of Roanoak 
lid fo England, 
Rot long after! 
lothe townes of al 
ith theſe and ma 
bereturned into En, 


alfe Lane. 


lytotarp vs into 
ew. ik there were 


V and luch like. 
manerof qouerns 
that J ſhould ſen 


orce aboot wu) 4 


icstreafurer : to 
y otun, and tooke 
with all mp other 


that which was ty 
flents of wo of 
that kne w them, 
ell in theacticn, 
England again, 
Herne. 

and in binging 
ed of their charge, 
which was diſpu⸗ 
axole {uch an bn 
ſhoze, ik the Lon 
ne the wor zit hin 
iuen ſundzy ofthe 


no mpcompanpa- 


is my borke put; 
Dhith was a thipef 
p wilh me the tine 
d, with. f promt: 


ue her brongbhtin F 


art cf the reft vnn 
uer pr. ſent ly onto 
8 pc wer, he vidal 
med. 

were at hand, who 
me that confine 
of the lame, tlete 
vith our principal 
ke vs from thenttz 
k ours not to bet 
into the harbours 
cubtedlp pumiſed 


lag the dong in there by him the yeete befoze, vnder the charge of Maler Lane ze eu 5 Colony lett 


mp felfe with mp 
the Gencrallin al 
ch tequeſt of outs 
ing immediatly bis 
With cur baggegt, 
o all we had, wich 
greater numberif 
crable road. 

(hauing beſtewen 
ze periil of wach 
raifes vnto Godin 


mand twentieihe 


The} 


The 3 voyage to Virginia. Traffiques and Diſcoueries 
inis. Traffiques a A 
5 


265 


The third voyage made by a thi i 

. V. p ſent in the yeere I , 
therelief in ir 586, to 

N Colony plantedd in Virginia, at the ſole charges of 


min a 2 hh: 5 
ared fo? himſelfe , Determit gof any lupply : wh tefore cuerp 


iit ate and welfare, and bow thin 

5 D wel ; ngs hao 

Ae ; but 5 in ſeme ſcatſity: 108 ag 
AA : 4 2 7 ’ x re ue a 

with them ſome two 2 three thips,chat if in ſome teafonable: tate they} ie a 5 rat 550 
they might then returne themlelues. Cihich bee agreed to. CAhilent ſeme were then 712 5 

: deut Eset BoRtsoF the accivencs of their tran 

E : i 

let from their ankers to Sea, in which thips at 101 ane eri ieee ae 
0 lonp: the reſt on land perceluing this 

* 


5 


okthat countrey. 
Inmedlatlp after the deporting of our English Colony out ofthj 

: 5 : . nf . Fy 

4 hip abouementioned ſent and let ath at the 2 i 1b Halegh e u the Su ad 

| arrtued at Hatorask ; who after ſome dene {pentin fceking our Colony bp in the coun r. a 
wotfnding them, returned with all the afoxefapbpouition into England pai a 

| Ahouttcureteene oz fifteene dayes alte 1 


ee ; Fryen of the atorefapn thi r Ric 

| Grinuile Generatl of Virginia, arcompanied withehacetippes well po pe Grats i 
th * 5 a a opage. 

ap newes of our Englich Colony there ſeated, a 1 pad tobiserpectation,nop bearing 


5 himlelke trauelling 


ry 


fone men behinde to reteine poftettion of thecountrep : w 
den Roanoak, furntibeo plenifully bishallmanceofpromaen Alen Bifteene men inthe Ln ne 


Kot long after he fell with the Illes ol Agores, on Comte of whi 
2 1 551 75 tah 15 Hee i 5 Were woczth tartage, where ale ber Len atl 
sybase Eoghed rploits done by him in this bopage , alwell outward as homeward, 


A briefe 


266 TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, AM. Tho. Hariot. A. 74 
——— — — — — — 

A briefe and true report of the new found land of Virginia : of the pe py 

commodities there found,and to be raifed,afwell merchantable as others; other ulle in 

Witten by Thomas Heriot, ſeruant to Sir Walter Raleigh,a member of the Colony, and And leatt 

chere imployed in diſcouering a full t weluemoneth. of their diuer 

as a ring mp felfe 

Rafe Lane one of her MaieSties Eſquiers, and Gouernour of the Colony pou Coal fin 

én Virginia, aboue mentioned, for the time there refident, tothe 55 et ot 

gentle Reader wifbeth all bappineffe in the Lord. token 7 

Lbeit (gentle Reader) the credit of the reports in this Treatiſe contained can litle haue thoſe don 

be furthered by the teſtimony of one as my ſelfe, throu gh affection iudged pati. Some bein 

all, though without deſert: neuertheleſſe, forſomuch as I haue bene requelted by friends ¢ acqu 

fome my particular friends, who conceiue more rightly of me, to deliuer freely be gainſapd, w 


my knowledge of the fame, not onely for the ſatisfying of them ’ but alfo forthe true infor. ag themſelues. 
mation of any other whoſoeuer, that comes not with a preiudicate minde to the reading ing bene at w 
thereof: thus much vpon my credit I am to affitme, that things vniuerfally are fo truely ie thollgbt, ilthey 
done is this Treatiſe by the authour thereof, an actor in the Colony, and a man no leſſeſt benot moze the 
his honeſty then learning commendable, as that I dare boldly auouch , it may very well paſe med to make ab 
with the credit of trueth euen amongſt the moſt true relations of this age, Which as e and there plene 
mine owne part I am ready any way with my word to acknowledge, ſo alſo (of the cen. Cbe cauſe ol 
tie thereof aſſured by mine owne experience) with this my publique aſſertion I doe affine J Jlland where w 
che ſame. Fare well in the Lord. bur abode in the 
; bythem looked f 

To the Aduenturers, Fauourers, and Wel willers of the enter. pectic 


priſe for the inhabiting and planting in Virginie, 


i ance the bra vndertaking by Sir Walter Ralegh to deale inthe action oftit 
couering of that countrep which is nom talle and knowen by the name of Vi N 
SEN NG] ginia, manp vopages bauing beene thither made at ſundyy times to his gr . B 


hu ſeene the wo 
bouſes, no at the 
0) feathers, the Co 


ecauſe my 


77 SMA WY charge ; as firttin the pere 1584, and afterwarvs in the peres 1585, 1586, m [particularities of 
IR) Bry now of late this lat peere 1587 there haue bene divers and variable repens, J bp dur owne coun 
— BW with ſome ſlanderous and fhamefull ſpeeches bruten abzoad by manp that: BR BW meane not to tr 
turned krom thente: elpetiallpot that diſcouery which was made by che Colonp tranſponed) J baue to make re 
Dir Richard Griouile in the pere 1585, being ok all others the moſt pzinctpall, and as pet ofmot Me The Treatiſe! 
effect the time of their abode in the dountrey being a whole pere, when as in the other voyage ws I hee (peciall pare 
fore they Maped but fire weeks, and the others after were one lp foꝛ ſupply and tranſpoꝛtation a: 0200 beraifen, w 
thing move being vilcouered then had bene before. Talbich reports haue not done a little u i planers and inhab 
to many that otherwiſe would haue allo kauoured and aduentured in the action, to the hondu amy . pooulded, as by wa 
benefit of our nation, belides the particular profit and crevit which would redound to themen J leluez the pꝛoulder 
the dealers therein, as J hope by the fequel ok euents, to the thame of chofe that haue auouthedtht our owne countt 
contrary, Gall be mantfett, it ou the aduenturers, fauourers and welwillers doe but eitherins i foponive either of 
create in number, oꝛ in opinion continue, op hauing beene doubtkull, renew pour good likingand i Merchantable. 

furtherance to deale therein acconning to the woozthinelle thereok already found; and as yout e Inthe ſecond J 
vnderſtand hereafter to be requilte, Touching which woozchineſſe through canle ofthe diuerity i petience doch peeld 
of relations and reports, many of pour opinions could not be firme, noz the minds of lome that ar bp the inhabitants o 
well diſpoled be ſetled in any certainty, Inthe lud part 4 


aue therefore thought it good, being one that haue beene in the dilcouerie, and in desling 
wit Ne 4 5 es tpectalp imploped: and hauing therekoze Ceene and knowen mot BF know of. 
then the oꝛdinary, to impart Co much vnto pou of the fruits ok dur labours, as that pou map knobs i eptton 
how iniurioullp the enterpzile is llanvered, aud that in publique maner at this pꝛeſent, chiefly fy 
two reſpects. 
Fick , that Come of vou which are pet ignozant oz doubtful of the Mate thereof, may ſeelht 1 
there is lufticient caule why the chiefe enterpꝛiler with the lauour of her Paielty, not wich HE <a gas 
ing luch repozts, hath not onely inte continued the action by fending into the countrey gau J 
and replanting this lat peeve a new Colony, but is allo reap, accoꝛding as the times and means 
will affoczd, to follow and pꝛoſecute the fame, ; f 
Secondly, that pou leeing and knowing the continuance of the action, by the view hereo i 


bleto remember, an 
» lnhich {pec 


ofthe nacut 


The 


Ilke of, gra 
whereof eth 


It gtowet 


and halfe an 


d 
Virginia, Kubi 


0. Hariot. 
— 

nia: of the 
le as others: 
e Colony, and 


the Colony 


the 


rained can little 
on iudged parti 
ne requelted by 
to deliver freely 
yr the true infor. 
to the reading 
are fo truely ia 
man no lefle for 
7 very well paſſe 
. Which as for 
(of the certain. 
on Idoe affine 


f the enter. 


the action of rif: 
the name of Vir. 
mes to his great 
583,1 5 86, amy 
pattable reports, 
IY Manp that re 
ip trantporten by 
nd as pet of mol 
other voyage bes 
anſpoꝛtation, noe 
ne alittle wrong 
o the honoree any 
ND cothernfelues 
aue auouchedtht 
doe but eitherin 


r good lihngand 


z and ag pou thall 
fe of the viverlity 
Sof ſome that att 


e, and in dealing 
nd knowen Moye 
at pot map knots 
zelent, chietip fr 


of, map fecthe . 
b, notte ant IE 5 


counttey dg, 


ines and mes oie 


AA. 700. Hariot. Traffiques and Diſcoueries 
ee eee, a 


hat the counter 
vou profit and ga 


ſom 


E ps 5 er 4 bntoyou, 
The reatiſe whereot, fo pour mo e teady vic w a 
hee ſpeciall parts. In the lirſt J will 55 5 ae 
onto be railed, which will not onel 
Hamers and inhabitants, 
goulded, as by way of tra 
lelues the poutders : tholet 
t our owne countreymen, to ſupply 
topponive either of tran 
Merchantable, 
b Inthe ſecond J wilt ſet downe all 
ee peeld of it ſelfe 
the inhabitants of ¢ 
AJuthe lan part J 5 reed 2 
bleto remember, 
how ok, which 
(option ople of the countrey, 


The firſt part of Merchantabl 


Elke of praffe, 
whereokthere 
It gtometh tw 


e commodities. 


5 267 


not bene aſha⸗ 
moſt certainly 
aue no ſkill of, 
uer out of the 
ng che time ol 


be counerey by our ex⸗ 
ſuch ag are vſuailp ted bpon 
e there. 


ities belives, as J ama · 


ſhall inhabit, and plant there, to 
fo ſome othernetellarp ble: wich abzüeſe bes 


akin okgraſge in the country. vpon the blanes 


268 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, A 70. Hariat, q 


made. Wercofifit be planted and oꝛdered as in Perſia, it cannot in reaſon be other wife, but that 


there will riſe in ſhozt time great profic to the dealers therein, ſeeing there is fo great vle and vent q derlkan 
thereof alwel in our countrep as ell where. And by che meanes of ſowing and planting i in gon Dee 
ground it will be karre greater, better, and moze plentikull then it is. Although not wuhſland ng inhabit 
there is great tore thereof in many places of the countrey growing naturally and wild,wbhichalg FE then is. 
by pꝛoote here in England, in making a piece of Silke grogran, we found to be excellent good, } Ciue 

Worme filke. In manp of our iourneys we found Silke-woames faire and great, as Ligne rg & tin ano 
our ogdinary Clalnuts, Although it hach not bene our bap te haue found lch plentp,aselluhte > shenbpt 
to be in the countrey we haue heard ok, pet ſeeing that the countrey doth naturally breed and ney: 5 Iron. 


rith them, there is no doubt but ik arte be added in planting of Mulberie trees, and others, lt; fm the 
them in commodious places, for their feeding ¢nourithing, and ſome of them carefully gathery buy the tu 


c hul banded in that lozt, as by men of (hil is knie wen to be neceſlary: there wil riſe as great pot country ¢ 
in time to the Uirginians as thercof doh now tothe Perſians, Turka, Italians and Spanparde. cceonnnob. 
i Flaxe and Hempe. The tructh is, that of Pempe and Flare there is na grrat tore in ape 1 ol dood t 
place together, by reaſon it is not planted but as the olle doth pelo of it ſelke: and howlocuerte Coppe 
leafe and ſemme 02 ſtalke vo differ from ours, the ſtuffe by iudgement of men ok CRIN tsaltoge: tants due 
ther as good as ours: and il not, as further ppoofe ſhould finde other wile, we baue that erperieny wmuwell furt 
ok the loile, as that there cannot be ihewed any realonto the contrary, but that it will grower graines of 
excellent well, and by planting will be peelded plentikully, ſeeing there is ſo much ground when Fred arrius 
of lome may well be applied to fuch purpoſes. What benefit heereok may grow in cozdagend beten, ab 


linnens who cannot ealilp vnderſtand ? about four 


Allum. There is a veine of carth along the fea coaſt fo the {pace of forty o2 fifty miles, where: Alarnen e 
of by the iudgement of fone that haue made trial here in England, is made good Allum, ofthat the Copper 
kind which is called Noch allum. The richneſſe ol fuch a commodity is fo well knowen, ihn q found ty tri 
need not to lay any thing tyereok. The fame earth doch alfo peeld Tibite copꝛalle, Nitrum, any Pearle, § 

Alumen plumeum, but nothing fo plentifully as the common Allum, which be alfo ok ppice, any meee with ra 
profitable, better and m 

Wapeih. Q kind of rarth fo called by the naturall inhabttants, very like to Terra ſigillata m tther kram m 
hauing bene refined , it hath bene found by ſome of our Phylicians and Chyzurgians, to be olche madea falrec 
lame kind of vertue, and moze effectual, The inhabitants vle it very much foꝛ the cure ol lots nieſſe of many 
and wounds: there is in diuers places great pleuty, an in ſome places of a blew fore, therefore bee 

Pitch, Tarre, Rozen and Turpentine, There are thoſe kinds ol trees which peeld them un Be ſtoꝛme loltthe 
dantlp and great ſtoꝛe. In the very fame Illand where we were leated, being fiftcenc mil Sweet gun 
length, and ſiue oz fire miles in bꝛeadth, there are kew trees cls but ol the lame kinoe, the uh . {peciall menti 
Alland being full. | Tonablepaines 


Saſſafras, called by the inhabitants Winauk, a kind of woodok mot pleafant and lweet finell, telation of, fo) 
and of moſt rare vertues in phpſicke for the cure ol many difeates, It is found by txperiente n things by calus 


be far better and of moꝛe vſes then the wood which is called Guaiacum, o; Lignum vitæ. oe VBies of diue 
deltript ion, ehe mance of vling, and the manffold vertues therol, A refer you to the booke ol Mo. feevof an herbe 
nardes, tranſlated and entituled in Cuglith, Ine ioyſull ne wes from the Weft Indies. n calleo by the in} 

Cedar. Averp weet wood, and ſine timber, whereof if nelts ok ehells be chere made, min goodueſſe fo? ou 
ber thercof litted fo feet and fine bedſleds, tables, deſks, lutes, virginals, and many thirigsels, the oping of halt. 
(ok which there hath bene pꝛooke mane already) to make vp fraight with other paincipall cimmo the dying of rug) 
ditie s, will peeld profit, 8 thing befives thar 

Wine. There are two kindes of grapes that the foile doch peel naturally, che oucis(mnal I is no doubt but th 
and ſow ze, of the oꝛdinary bignelle as ours in England, the otber fare greater and of Fimſelfe lu. know to be there. 
thious [weet. ben they are planted and hul bande as they oughe, a principal commorityel , Woad: aching 
wines by them map be railed. lufirientiy in our 

Oile. There are two ſozts ot Malnuts, both holding olle; but the one karre moze plentifil f ground enough. ¢ 
eben the other. TAlhen there are mils and other veuices for the purpoſe acommoditp of them HE testegroweth pler 


be raifen, becauſe there are infinite fore, There are allo the ſeuerall kindes ofberrics inthe g e caried thit 
fonneok Ole ako nes, which allo by the experience and vſe ok the inhabitants, we find to pecbbe i mo beũides the tim 
xy good and [wert oile. Furthermore, the beares of the tountrep are commonty bery fat, ah chatgooke of them; 
lome plates there are many. Their katneſſe, betaule it is fo liquid, map well be teimedolle, n d South pare of 
bath many {peciall vſes. . ad orenges and Lis 
Furres. All along the Ses coaſt there are great Mone of Otters, which being taken by ween tonale time ff the a 
andother engines made for the purpole, wil yecld good profit, Ele hope allo of MParterne furisgMarmelades, 
and make no doubt by the zelation ol the people, but that in ſome places ok the aida Panp other comm 


1 — — ͤ-wʃ——-V — —uͤ 
i 270 TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, MH. J ho. Hariot. 


IAI 
and gentle conlüderations: and many alfomap be there which pet we haut not bilcoucrtd. Tus Che grot 
mope commodities of great value, one ok terteinty, and the otber in hope, not to be planted, but as we in En 


chere to be raifen, und in Chore time to beproutded, and prepared, A might haue (pecified, Bo lt ⸗ tte men nut 
wiſt ol thoſe commonities already fet done J might baue Capo moze + a8 ofthe particular plas ff © ples: the wo 
ces where they are found, and bell to be planced and prepared! by what meanes, and in what rea baut fue inc 


Conable fpace oftime they might be raiſev to moll, and in what proportion : but becauſe others graſie, andol 
then welwillers nvight be therrwithell acquamicen,not to the good of rhe accion, A haue wittingy ing in che Sr 
omitted them: knowing that to thofe that are well dilpoled, N haue vttered, actoding to my pꝛo fF aar, they b 


mile and purpole, lo this part ſufflelent. 5 1 ok ge 
me nner dee do not, e 

The fecond part of ſuch commodities as Virginia is knowen to é the abes lie, 
yeeld for vidual and ſuſtenance of mans life, vfually fed vpon bythe 1 

naturall inhabitants; as alſo by vs, during the time of out abode: and firſt of ſuecu nero the plot 

are ſowed and husbanded. a ouchnot ones 


Agatbwr , a binde of rait ſo called bp the inhabitants: the lame in the Welt, uutthe wholes 
dies is allen Mayz: Englich men call it Guiny-wheat 0} Turhy-wheat,acco they be made t 
ing to the hames ol therounteeps from whence the like hach bene bought. Ce f aloineucrp rg 
‘La graine is about the bignetle of our opdinarp Englich peaze, and not much differet where accopdir 

ae norme and thape : bat of diners colours: fome white, lome red, ſome pellow, ud tes alſo among 
ſome blew. All or them peele a very white and (wet flobne: being vſed according to bis kinve, 
it maketh a very bead. Ile made ol the lame in thecounttep fome Mault, whereol wn 
brewed as good Ale as was to be deſitev. So luke wile by the helpe of Pops, therol map be mur 
as good Beere. It is a graine of maruellous great increale: of a thoufand üfteene handed w ie and Planta folis 
Comnettwothoutand folde. Chere are three ſozta of which two ure ripe in eleuen ¢ kwelue weeks . thought to be m 
at the moll ſumetimes in renne, after the time they are fet, and are then of height in ſtalke ur ] Atbougbt all 
lire oz ſeuen koot. The other fort is ripe in foureteene . and is about tenne foot high, ol the aus ino w how ſpect 
forte beare koure heads, Come three, ſome one, and (ome two; euerp head conteining flu lier fi fold wapes in an 
ſeuen hunpzed gratmes, within a fem more op lefle, Of theſe graines, belides bꝛeav, the inan Be reſpect of that ty 
tanedthake victuall, etther by parching them, oz ſeething them whole vnttll they be wolken: we haue made pz 
boiling ehe flow ze with water into a pap. 5 ; tone before) wi 
ey —5 called by vs Beanes, becauſe in greatneſſe ind partly in ſbape they are like toit He Proportion for at 
Heaties in Bogland,(auing that they ate Hlatter,of moze diuers colours, and lome pive. hela MR and of that kinde 
allo of che Hemme is much different, In taſte they are altogether as good as our Englich per. Ber twenty pards {qu 
Witkonzowr,callen bp bs Pease, in reſpett of the Beanes, fo; vitinetion fake, becauterhey He out of one and th 
and mich lelle, alchough in forme they litle vifer: but in goodnelle ol taſte much like, and are lit 155 when they ct 


better then dur Cnalith pease, Bath che beanes and pease are ripe in ten weeks alter they nt en chey haue ea 
fet, Chey make them dictuall either by boiling them all to pieces into abpoth, 02 boiling them 15 ne sie 
ngliſh ce 


whole vntill they be lolt, and beginne to bꝛeake as 1s vled in Englandl, either by chemfelues, 0 

mixtly together z lometime they mingle of the CLibeat with tbem: ſometime alfa, being tohole pou ſhall haue fur 

ſoddin chey brute o punnt them in a mopter, and therol make loaues op limps of daughichbzen, I Outs and Peaze, 

which they vlt to eat fo) variety. woc lope of grou 
Macocquer, accopoing co their ſeueral fopmes, calle bp vs Pompions, Melons, and Gourds, beat, betauſe it 

becaufe hey are of the like foymes as tboſe kinds in England. In Virginia ſuch ol ſeutrnü dabnonc. Thus m. 


formesare of one talte, and very gvod, and do alſoſpꝛing from one feed. There areof won: wmp courle and in 
one is ripe in the fpace of a moneth,and the otherin wo monetbe, nee aber 
There is an herbe which in Dutch is callev Melden. Some of thole that A vefcribe runt, nthe Weft Indies 
takettco be a kinde of Drage : it growth about koure op fue foot high: of the leev therent thy stowed and is vled 
make athicke broth, and pottage of a very goon tatte : of the Galke bp burning tntoathes tie? and brougbhe into po 
make a kinde of Calcearty’,, wherewithall wunp ble Cometimes to lealon their brot hs: other lit rot ea ate th 
re, at 


they know not. Me our ſelues vled the leaueß alfc fo pot · herbs. . 
There is allo another great herbe, ta konne ola Marigolde, about fire foot in height, the hen 
with ehe ſloure is a ſpanne in bꝛeadth. Some take it to be Planta Solis: of the fens hereof the? 
make both a kinde o bꝛead and both, a ties afi 
_, Atleheatorefayn commodities fo victuall are fet op ſomev. fometimes in grounds apart am Pil vee 
ſeueraiy bythemtelues, but koz the mist part together in one grounn mirtly : che manct iber, f e Ppowoc i 
with the Dpelling and preparing of the grownd, becauſe J will note onto pou the fertility oft she iloulty velighte 
foile, Athinke good brictip to delcribe. a Powder therin fo 


thereof not one! 
bene ok too —— 
lerued in health, ant 


Harion, M.Tho.Harict, Traffiques & Diſcoueries 


271 


: ground they neuer fatten with mucke, dung, 02 any other thin neither plow n 1 

— ee as we in England, but one lp prepare it in ſozt as followeth. a fey canes laben eng 

ied, Do like: the men wich woooden infruments made almof in forme of Mattocks oz hoer with long hans i 
particular plas les : the women twich (hort pechers op parers, becauſe set fitting, of afoot long, ano ge ; 
nb in what rea bout flue inches in bꝛeadth, doe onely bzeake the vpper part of the grpund to raiſe vp rhe werd 

becaule others ] grade, and olde Rubbes of cozne Ralks with their roots, Che which alter a day op two dayes dꝛy⸗ 

haut witing|p inginthe Sunne, being (crape vp into mann Small beap 


1 7 8, to! ¢ them labour fo) carping them 
may, they burne into aihen. And whereas ſome map thinke that they ble t 

tng my pro 0 ee te gro, fap thas then hep would either diſperſe the athes a vai eid Tobi 
they do not, except the heaps be too great, 02 els would take 

nowento [  theatesiic, which allo wee finde they ave careleſſe of, Ann his is all she butbanning of eocie 


vponbythe Chen their ſet ting oz ſowing is after this maner. Firſt foy their come, bem 

i firft of fuchas 3 ner ol the plot wich apecker they make a hole, where; 1 2 aa 
1 ne:and ſo thopotme 

n the Welt Io. his regard, that 

1 md, and the holen 

‘brought. detmeene euery hole: 

y Beanes and ; 

7 quer, Melden, and Planta folis, Hege ain hurt ple 


„ ,, Chegrouno being thus fet accabunptotbe rate bp bs exp 
an Sean cian ie ee 
in eee ee e ehe out heat per dedour of luch a acre le 
e eee 
spleen ; fon wes sapien to vel neat be preferren before ours: 
1 ph | 3 of, one man Meppen 5 is J can aſſure pou that according to the rate 


dt 
toie . Mopontton km atweluemoneth ir be haue nothing els but that which the lame ground tp 
sa Celt ben dat hinde onelp ubich A baue betone tpoken of: the Ted ground being allo in alli 
r Englich pa. ccwwenty yards fquare, And if need require, but that there ig ground enough, there might beraifen 
ke, betauit the ut of one and the felfefame ground two baruetts oꝛ piety foe they ſow oz fee and mapat an 
j lite, and are lit ubenche : urch vntill the endol June: ſothat they allo (ee 
P baue eaten of their firtt croppe, In ſome pla f 
ebe haue two haruelts, as we bauehear,ou re e e 
themlelues, 0 
fo, being ae 


fo, being 
d dougbich ben, 
ons, and Gourds, 


ſuch of fencratl 
are of tuo forts: 


veſcribe it vutd, 
ed thereol the 

ngs ita aſhes they 
paths + other lit 


height, the hen 
eens brett 


ut 

thoze time bꝛeaketht b 

inlaid ant knot not man grain — ape ae u England eet 
icted, 

runde pere Tie v Ann 

nance ibernt ie ct ok lo pꝛerious egg: ation ditions them, that they shinke thei 

oe ry oi CU eigen cere: ge on imei shpat ballet ne 

the powver therin fox aaceitice being kame upon the wae to paciſie their rong, they 

Cee 5 1 cal 


272 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, AA. I bo.Haricr, 


— . ——— 


—— a — 


a See 


cat lone up into the aire and into the water : fo a weare lo Ath being newly ſet vp, tbep cat fom 
cherein and into the aire : alſo after an efcape of danger, they talt fome into the aire he wile: but 
All done with Arange gellures, Mamping, ſome time deo cing, clapping of hands, holding wp of 
2 Raving dy into the heauens, vttering there wit hall, and chattering Urange wo) dz any 


es. A 
Ale our ſelues, during the time we were there, olen to ſucke it alter their maner, an allo lt 
dur teturne, and haue found many rare and woonderfull experiments of the vertues thertol ; 9 
Which che relation would require a volume by it ſelle: the vfe of it by fo many ol late men an 
women af great h en els, and Come learned Phyſictans allo, is ſuflitient witneſle. 
Ano chefe are all the conmtooicies fo; lultenance of life, that I know and tan remember, hey 
die to hulband : all els that follow, are found growing naturallpoz wilde. 


Of Roots. 


e are a kinde of roots of round forme , ſome of the bigneſle of CCtatnuts, Come fan 
greater, Which are found in moiſt ano mariſh grounds growing many together one by n 
ther in rope, as though they were faſtene r with a ling. Being boiled op ſodden, they are berp 
good meat, Monardes calleth theſe roots, Beads oꝝ Pacer noſtri of Santa Helena. 

Okeepenauk ate alfo of round ihape, found in dʒy grounds: ſome are of the bignelle of amm 
head. They are to be eaten as thep are taken out of the ground: fo by reafon of their dune lle y 
will neither roſt nop ſeethe. Their taſte is not fo good as ol the former roots : notwithllandig 
log want of bꝛeab, and ſometimes foꝛ variety the inhabitants vſe to eat them with lich oi fled m 
in my ludgement they vo as well as the houtholve bꝛead made of Rie here in England. 

 Kaithucpenauk, a white kinde of roots about the bigneſle ol hennes egges, and nerre och 
foyme + their taſte was not fo good to our ſeeming as ok the other, and therefore their place an 
maner of growing not ſo much caved for by vs: the inhabitants notwithſtanding vled tobolh 
and eat many. er ore! 

Tiinawa kind of root much like vnto that which in Englandiscatlenthe China root 
krom the Eaſt Indies. And we know not any thing · to the contrary but that it map be of the fan 
kinde. Thefe roots grow many together ingreat cluſters, and do bring foozth abpier tatke, tw 
che leafe tn ſhape fare vnlihe: which being ſuppoꝛted by the trees it groweth neerett vnto, nif 
reach on climbe to the top of che bighel, From theſe roots while they be new oz freſh, being sox 
into Onall pieces aud ſtampt. is frainen with water aiuice that maketh bꝛead, and alfobeing a 
led, a very good ſpoonmeat in maner of a gelly, and is much better in taſte ir it be tempered wih 
mile. This Tſina:w ts not of that fore, hech bp ſome was cauled to be brought into Englandin 
the China root ; fo; it was diſcouered ſince, and is in vle as is aloʒe ſapd + but that which was 
broughe hither is not yet knowen, neither by vs no} by the inhabitants to ſerue fog anp vie ap 
pole, although the roots in ape are very like, 

Coftuthaw fome of our company tooke to be that inde of root which the Sopanyarnsinte 
Weft Indies call Caffauy, whereupon alfo many called it by that name: it growelh inverymun: 
Up pooles, and moiſt grounds, Being vzellen according to the countrep maner it maketh agen 
bꝛead, and alſo a good Ipoonmeat, and is vſev very much by the inhabitants. Che twice of this e 
is poiſon, i theretope heed mutt be taken before any thing be made therewithall: either the walz 
mut be firſt ſliced and dien in the Sunne, oz by the fire, and then being punned into flour, will 
“make good bꝛead: on els while they are greene they are to be paren, cut in picces , and tempt: 
loaues of the ſame to be lapd nere oz ouer the fire vntill it be ſowze: and then being well puns 
againe, bꝛead o ſyoonmeat very good in taſte and holeſome map be made thereof. 

Habaſcon is a root of hate taſte, almoſt of the tome and bignelle of a Parſnip: of it (elfeitis 
no victuall, but onelp a helpe, being bolled together with other meats, 

There are alſo Leeks, diffeting little from outs in England, that grow in many places ofthe 
Counwep;of which, when we came in places where they were, we gathered and eat manx, butiſe 
naturall inhabitants neuer. 1 


Of Fruits, 


C Fefits chere are in diuers places great nz: ſume they dſe to eat rato, ume they fame 
ame kalte to make roonmeat end with tome being lodden they made luch a mauer ol dou 
Mead as chex ole of thett beanes betoze mentioned. Wealayts 


4) 
0 
& 


ee 2 


bere leſle, whic 


M. 7 
Walo 
are veryg 
kinde is ol 
der and th 
grcat, ber 
them with 
into ſome l 
which mak 


4 Medlar 


are not goo 
the lame bi 
ties. and be 

Muta qu. 
but that the 
lkeaues are v 
dies, where: 
doe delcribe 
nile, ora hatte 


not ok the kru 
ppeclalpoble 


Grapes th 
Strawberi 
Mulberies, 
Sacquenur 


dw cogethe 
Anghtoz nine he 


they be eaten tt 
Chere is ak 


© boiled is good n 


An ont traue 


O1 


Were isa! 


oftrees: f 
Theſe linde or a 
after the maner a 


till they be ſolt, a 


alfo punned to m. 
fone the inhabitan 
Another Tort ie 


Chetnuts, Chey 


Che fife fore is 


ing died after the 
unte, oz ſometime 
thett th oz fleſh. 


Eere, in ſume 
bignelſe of oui 


isbetter food, the a 
lugs oftheit home 
Conies, Thoſe tl 
bnnun ſome place: 
ofthe furre oz flue of 
Saquenuckot any 

ob meat. Ee neu 
Mbtaken and bought 


0. Hariot. 


AM. Tho. Hariot. Traffiques & Difcoueries, 


273 

ep hep cat un: . Chere are imo kinds of CAlalnutu , and ol theminünite Gore: in many places, where | 
t are line wiſe: by, 1 4 — fo? many miles together, the chirn part of trees are Cclalnut — ra i 
non, holding yp of 4 binde is of the fame tate and fozme,o» little d from outs of England, but that they are bars 
Urange wopds an oS becan’ thicker ſhelled: the other is Frrater, and hath a very ragged and hard thei; but the kernel 

ne teat, very olly and (weet, Belldes their eating ol them after out ordinary maner, they breake 
maner, as alſo ing oe . ones, and punne them in moꝛters with water, to male a mille which they ve to put g 
erties thereof : 4 into ſome opts of their ſpoonemeat; allo among their ſodde Wheat, pease, beanes and pomptong, 
Sau menam & which makceh chem have a karre moze plealant tate, 
w * 


antemember, thep 


yi dlars, ahinve of veep g: .o fruit; fo called bp bs chiefly fon cheſe elner: fet in that they 
1 oak — vntill they be rorten, then in that they open at the hend 


an our Medlars, and are about 
they are farre different; fo they are an t 
rien. and berp ſweet: but wher vas the chery ig 


tharpe ſweet, they are luſhious Iweet. 


ed as ches 


voor —.— 
gether one by n 
et ther aren 


lena, 


nile, oa baſtard 0) wilde k 
erin We) ect tom 
as 
ss nockorthiantig Conttonities, 
ith Bh 02 lech thofe which we haue in our Eng li gardens. 
gland. 5 Mulberies, A ppleerabs, Hurts 02 Hurtſeberies, ſuch as we haue in England. 
8, and neere ofthy i Sacquenummener, a kinde ol berries almtir like bnto Capers, butfomewhat greater, which 
fone theit place m ) grow together in clutters bpon aplanco? beatbe that is found inthatlow waters: being boiled 
ding vled toboiy  eightop mine houres accozoing to their binde, are very good meat and boleſome; other wiſe if 

they be eaten they will make a man fo2 the time frantike od extremely ſicke. f 
China 1 Nun There is a kinde ot Reed which beareth a (een almof like vnto our Nie 02 Ciheat; and being 
map be led is good meat. f 
Mb a bpier llallt ir ber bel sory tnfomne places we ſound Wilde Peaze like onto ourg in England, but that thep 
1 — nere lelt, which are allo good meat, 
ö y 
1 alſo being 1 
t be tempered wit P09 Acoane,o€ which there are fine Cones chat grow on Ceueralt kindes 
it into Englandfy trees: che one is called Sagatemener » thefecond Ofamener, the third Pummuckoner, 
but chat tubich was Thele hinde of acomnes ‘ey ule tavate bponburotesmane ot roens, 
Cfo any bie pu after the ttaner » Chen » Hep irtt water them vn⸗ 

F fccuall, either to eat ſo limplp, oz els be 
Spanpnmong armor lun past bean, Theſebe allo the thacekinos, of which A lapobe. 
weib inberym Tope theinbabicancs lep to make tweetotte, 
rt maketh ie Another Tort is called Sapummener, which being boiled oz parched, doch eat and tatte like vnto 
he iuice of ehiston 8. Chepfomettine allo make beeavof this fot, 
ls either 1 Che fift fore is called Mangummenauk, and isthe acomne ok their kinde ol Dake, the which bee 
ed into flour, F MS 0zleD after che maner ofthe irt lozts, andafterwarp Watered, they boite them, and then fers 
— — luntg, oz 1 the themfclues, either koz variety opfo want of byead, do eatthem with 
02 fleſh : 

“A : ol it Lelfeitis Of Beaſts. N 

Eere, in lome places there are Arent ſtoze: neere bnto the Hes toalt they are of the ozdinary 
manp placesoftf Df Me of ours in En land, and ſome leſſe: but 
Deat map, butt etter foo, 5 


further v into the countrep, where there 
mes oe ee be ume scnehinth tler a gn the 
lago ehett oes tooke back, 
Conies, Chote thas we haue ſeene, and allthat tne tan heare of are ul a grap colour like uo 
f Dire ſome places there are ſuch plenty that all make them mant lex 
ofthe fi hé 
-fome they Manne glue 02 fe of the Chines of chate w ch eh 


zquenuckot any Ma uowac, two kinds of finall beats Steater then Conies which are bery 
pa mance oF Dougie von mat. Ce MET token of pemtone but lometime eatollurh as the inhabitants 
Walnuts taken and bought bnto vs, a 
7 Z J 


Squirels 


“i 


: we haue taken and eaten. . E 
Deacon otra ru, he bueso Ms ere een ein 
mast tiene of Ginter do vie to take ¢ eat mauy ‘ fo 15 eee sae 3 aie 
‘afoot: 02 places where they ar ted fo2, 
anon tn his font Sienna 2 70 anon being chain the cline and get op hen 
nn rset eee : bund 
: Ae ſometime fhot them do N 

ee 17 eee ſeuerall (opts of beaſts, which A haue heard we 10 
ano tberevtperie in the countrep,efpectally in the maine: e 1 
; fe that be good meat i 

that we haue pet difcouered; and 1 6 0 8 and cartes sont Woe Comecimne es thep ame tom 
ed. The inhabitants ſometime kill the et ich 2 haue not (et dotune fox good meat, leatt tha 
ccc 
— vitference tn tafte okthole kinds from ours, which vy ſome of our company haue bene 


rs aint Of Fowle. 


f i Stockdoues, Partridges, Cranes, Hernes, àndin Winter 
1 e ſozts of fowle I haue the names in the nen 
1 of fourefcope and ſixe, of which number, 19 0 bid Li 5 Feet mai 
wit A 
ten, Chane te eed ee e 151 : Wa kinds move ok land fowle, although we hau 
eee e for the purpole, could not be pic 
e, which for want of leafure there fo, the purpole, 
e e eee 
a an albe allo publichenr. 
ae eee and Marlin hauks which although with vs Shep be not ofr 
loz meat, pet foz other caules A thought good to mention, 

Of Fiſh. a 
cere, Febzuarp, March, Apzill and Map, there are plenty of Stu. 
ee e tei moneths 10 Hp gt, fone hes ae re 10 po 

ſt part farre greater, of eighteene 9 i ! 
on — 0 boch chele kinds ol a in thoſe moneths are moft plentifull, and in bett ſeaſon, which 

icate and pleaſant meat. : 

ee a ln Tun, Porpoifes, Rayes, Oldwiues, gb apes: ety 
‘good ſiſh, which we haue taken and eaten, 0 | 

„%% „0K TTT o pi 

ames, 

tbe gui of 2 ovo ufc to take them two maner of wayes; the one is by a 13 ol ise 
51 reeds, which in that country are very ſtrong: the aber enen 8 e 

. made tharpe at one end, by (hooting them into the lich after the maner as Jriſh men , 


ther as they are rowing in their bo ts, oz els as they are wading in the ſhallowes fop the purpolt, 


Chere are alſo in many aes dane, 8 theſe kinds which kollow: 
Sea · crabs, ſuch as we haue in England. i 1 
i (mall, Come round, and ſome of a long ſhape: they ate 
dahin e that we had out of falt water ave karre better chentheo 
ther as in our countrex. : 1270 
Allo Muſcles, Scalops, Periwinkles, and Creuiſes. 5 i sled 
which is good meat about afoot in brenth,bauing 
Pay VF backe. They are found in ſhallowes ol we 
˖ e hoe. a g 
ii ok land and ſea kinde, their backs and bellies are es 
thicke; their head, feet, and taile, which are in appearance, ſeeme ougly, as though they 00 
bers of aferpent oz venimous beaſts: ~ Bae 7 we are erp good meat, as 
Some found of a yard ter. f 
05 thus bez — eeltion ofall fats of bctual that we fed vpon for the time reel 
Virginia, as alſo the inhabitants themſelues, as farre ſoꝛth as I know and can remember, 
are {pecially wooꝛthy to be remembzed. whe 


4 
5 
af 

3 


allo great to 
Walnut ti 

foure and fiue 
Firre trees 

Ralkiock, 
mnerre vnto vs 
helfe ok lire, h 
bdlone tree, th 
great tall, tre 
mats ok ſbips. 
 . Cedar, aà ſu 
things els, as 3 
here J hauer 
deellent vſes ic a 
Muĩ.ple, and a 
Holly, a nece 


1 Wulowesgo 


though the inhab 


a for that turne ve 


Beech and A! 
things els. 
> Elme, ee 
Afcopoa kint 
to that tree which 
There are mar 


of tobich J am ne 


| cular relation: ſe 
many ofthe reit, b 
JRoWw for fone, 


are no kinde of for 


haue bene brought 


berdraggie tones, 


fants make their h 
the Countrey were 
they fe of anp top 
baue one oꝛ two to c 
lit hey haue pnoug 
and therefore no ma 
places neerer then tl 
Inthe meane tim 


the want of pou whic 
making wbereok in 

and allo bp lime mad: 
of Tenet and Shepy, 
knowen to be AS good 


ho. Hariot, 


IA. Tho. Hariot. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


275 
. The third and laſt part of ſuch other things as are behouefull for 
pd takencom: thoſe which fhall plant and inhabite to know of, with adeſcription of the 
4 afloone as they ; nature and maners of the people ofthe Countrey, 0 15 
dget vp thenent ! 3 AUS 
1 bone 4 Of commodities for building and other nece/Sary rofes, 
rs. 4 ; ; 
boa be hete 8 Fae CHa m en more sae repeat of are lurch agconcerne 
oniptweluckin; building, other mechanical neceflarp bfes,as diuers ſoxts of trees lo houſe 
nbefohe mentin⸗ and fhip-timber, and other vſes elle: Alſo lime, ne, and bricke, leaſt that be: 
they tame tom: ug noc mentioned ſome might baue bene doubted ol, 02 by ſome that are mali⸗ 
op meat, leat ti Fe asche colitraty repopted. f 1 
although A tun a Oles there are as faire, Mraight, tall, and as good timber ag any ean be, and 
ompanp baue bee alfogreae fope,anp in fome places berygreat. 5 
Walnut trees, as Jhaue fain before very many, ſome haue bene feene excellent fare timber of 
dbdouure and fine fadome, and aboue foureſcoꝛe foote lreight without bough, 
FPirre trees fit foꝛ maſts of thips,fome very tall and great. 5 5 
es, andin Ui Rakiock, a ktnde of trees lo called that are fweete wood, ol which the inhabitants thet were 
ies in the count; neere vnto vs doe common wes, onelp withthe 
we haue taken i ets of ftones,anp ſhels: we haue knowen ſome ſo great being made in that fore 
bitants, ok fever! dkone tree, that they haue caried well 20 men At once, beſides much ba Age + che timber being 
although boli a mu, (oft, light,and yet tough rough q thinke (beides bles) to be fit alto fog 
could not be piu; maso . 8 l ö 
ie Grangebeat, Cedar, a fweete wood good fo2 ſeelings, chells, bores, bepſteads, lutes, virginals, and may 
things els, as J haue alſo ſaid before, Some ol our company which haue ty ed in ſome places 
os they be not vid i where A haue not bene, haue made certaine affirmation ol Cyprus, which fo2 ſuch and other ex⸗ 
1 tegie Wes alo a wood of pie ano uo mall ectimation, : 
Młaple, and alſo Wich-hazle, whereof the inhabitants ble to make their bowes, 
2 Holly, a netellarp thing foꝛ the making ol birdlime. ; 
are plenty ol Stu. Willowesgoon foꝛthe making of weaves and wecles to take fich after the Engliſh mance al⸗ 
bigneſſe of dunn though the inhabitants vleanely reed , which becauſe they are ſo ſtrong as allo flerible, dae ſerue 
tuo foot in lun) keoꝛ that turne very well and lulliciently. 
Ibeſtlealon, wic Beech and Athe, good foꝛ cal ke. hoopes, and if neede require, ploine wozke, as. lo fo many 
| things els, 
perp manpother Eine. $.J Saſſafras trees, 
. 0 fut the Afcopoa kinde of tree verylike onto Lawzell, the barke is hot in taſte and ſpicie, it is beep like 
se in theton to that tree which Monardes delcribethta be Caſſia Ligneaof the Get Indies, 
be Thereare many other fran 
e of tweare mf 
N . ted Co good ble, J know no caule to doubt. 
15 che pupil. USI is. Reere onto the Sea coal where wee dwelt, there 
es lo are no kinde of tones to be found (except a few ſmall pebbles about foure miles off) but ſuch as 
haue bene bꝛought trom further out oft 
ape + thep me fou 
better thenihes 
any per, and ſomet 
shir ut onelp foꝛ graues about three foote deepe: 
notherekoze no marueile that they know neither quarries, no lime-ftones, which both may be in 
places neerer then they wot of. : 
Juche meane time vntil there be vifcouerp of uticiene stone in fome place o otber conurntent, 
hich are ¢ ſhalbe the planters therein may be ac well Supplicn bp bzicherfo; the 
in diners plares or the Countrey there is clay 


both excellent good, and plentie, 
eofoptter ſhels, and of others burnt, after the maner ag they vfe in the Illes 
and alſo in diuers other places of England: gm de of lime is well 
das anyother, Ano of optter thels there is plentie nough: for befogs diners 


other 


276 The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, AA. T0. Hariot, MT 


other particular places where are abunpance, there is one (hallow Sound along the coaſt, where when hee; 
for the (pace of many miles togetber in length and two oz thꝛee miles in bzeavth, the ground is no ⸗ and inſkrun 
thing els; being but halle a foote oz a foote vnner water fos the moſt part. 5 and ſtartes 
Thus much can F lap furthermoze of Cones, that about 1 20. miles from our fort neere ige were made 
water in the five of a hill, was found by a Gentleman of our companp, a great veine ol hard ragge dn inuſſible. 
a Foman 


ones, which A thought good to remember vnto you. 5 
teiued and b 


Of the nature and maners of the people. a 5 
nan other ſu 
T. reſteth A (peake a woꝛd oztwo of the natural inhabitants, their natutts dition from f. 


ery | mm maners leauing large diſtourſe thereof vntil time moze conuenient ber, They thin 
: after: nowe one ly lo karre foorth,as that you may know, haw that they inn: ⸗ ges in the for 


TA 1 (pece of troubling our inhabiting and planting, are not to be feared, but tt in houſes app, 
U(¢ Ai chep ſhall haue taule both to fare and loue vs, that (hallinbabice wich then, and make mat 
Chbep are a people clothed with loole mantles made ol deere Tkinnes am fy in ſome two a 


— 4 apponsof the Came round about their middles, all cls naked ok fuch a diff 

rence ok ſtatures onely as wee in England, having no edge tooles oz weapons ol pron oz ſteclen 

dflend vs withall neither knowe they how to make anp: thole weapons that they haue, are onely 

dauesCaticty bowes mode of Witch-hazle, end arrowes ok reeves, flac engen truncheons allo of wood about 

chip. B. pard long, neither haue they any thing to delend themlelues but targets made of barkes, and fone 
atmours made of ticks wickered together with thread, 

Their townes ate but lmall, and neere che Bea coaſt but lewe, ſome contayning but tenne g 
twelue houſes: ſome 20, the greateſtthat we haue ſeene hath bene but of 30 houles: ik they bee 
wailed, it is onely Done with barkes oltrees made faſt to ſtakeg, oʒ els with poles ouely fired yy: 
right, and cloſe one by another. 

Their houles are made of (tall poles, made fatt at the tops in round forme after the manerag 
is vled in many arbozies in our gardens of England in moſt townes conercd with barkes, andi 
ſome with avciftciall mats made of long ruſhes, krom che tops ofthe houles do wne to the aroun, 


hey belee 
ported from th 
cle of gods, t. 


The length of them is commonly double to the bzeadth, in ſome plates they are but 12. and 10, . hewed that althe 
pards long, and in other Come we haue leene ok koure and twentie. nirein a long bz 
me rare and ere: 


In Come places of che Countrey , one onely towne belongeth to the gouernment ok a Witoas 
op chiefe Loꝛd, in other ſome two 07 thꝛee, in Come lixe eight, and moꝛe:the greateſt Wiroanstit ame to moſt Hau 
pet wee ban dealing with, had but eigbteene tones in his gouernment, and able to mabe m? Bee aue him great ch 
boue leuen op eight hundzeth fighting men at che molt. The language of euerp gouernment is oil nioy the pleaſute 
ferent from any other, and the further they are diſtant, the greater is the difference. bat fubtiltie 

Cheir maner ok warres amonglt ehemfelues is either by ſudden ſurpꝛiling one an other mot pot the common 
commonly about the dawning of the dap, oz moone- light. oꝛ els by ambuſhes, o ſome ſubtile nes ernourv, and alſo 
uiles. Det battels are verp rare, except it fall out where there are many trees, where citherpat I ongh nor withttat 
map haue lome hope of defence,atter the deliuery of ewcry arrow, in leaping behind ſome doi, ers, and other ſoz 

Akthere fallout any warres betweene vs and them, what their fight is likelp to bee, weebe bith beating, accoꝛt 
uing aduantages againſtthem ſo many manet of wayes, as by our diftipline, our Grange weeps TR Ano this is the fu 
and deuiles elle, ecpetially Oꝛdinante great and ſmall, it map ealily bet imagined: by the tmr. ie eoktheir prietts 
ente wee haue had in lome places, the turning vp ok their heeles againt vs in running away Was ons and ſtozies,! 
their belt dekence. une, and no ſmall a 

In reſpect of vs they are a people poore, and for want ok hill and iungement in che kronlenge ener ſoꝛ want of y 
anv ble of our things, doe elteeme our trilles before things of greater value: JRottwibhttanding, Polk things thepl 

in theit proper maner (conſidering the want of ſuch meanes as we haue, )ihey leeme very ingen load one in dat 
dus. Foz although they baue uo fuch cooles, nog any uch crafts, Sciences anv Artes as wer yt ning glaſſes, wilt 
in thole things they doe they ſhew ercellencie of wit. Ann by haw much they vpon due conine: eto goe oF theml 
ration (hall unde our maner of knowlevges and crakts to exceeve theirs in perkection, and (pects re exceeded their 
for doing oꝛ execution, by lo much the mode is it probable that they ſwould deſire our {riendthip chewed that they the 


and loue, and haue the greater retpect fop pleating and obeping va. TLiberebp map beehoptdil 1 bene giuen ¢ 
meanes of good gouernment be vled, that ihey map in ſhoꝛt time bee bought to ciullitie, anntte i Wande 
4s bfo! 


imbꝛacing of zue Religion, “oe a 
Some religion they haue already, which although it be farce from he trueth, pet being as ir esto be in compart 
there is hope it may be the ealier aud looner refoymen, Fun Sach matter 
They beleeue that there are many gods, which they call Mantoac, but of different forts i PMP mes and in e 
grtes, one onelp chicte and great God, which hath bene from all eternitie. Tibo,as ther ye PeContentS OF the B. 


ee 
bo. Hariot. 
3 


the coatt where 
the ground is nos 


but fore neere the 
ine of hard ragt 


nts, their natures 
conuenient bere. 
tu that they inte: 
be feare, but chat 
habite with them, 
deere Chinnes, an 
ed, ok luch a diff⸗ 
of pron oz ſteeleu 
ey haue, are onelp 
0 of wood about 
barkes, and fone 


ning but tenne n 
putes : if they bet 
les onelp fired p 


after the manera 
vith barkes,andin 
une to the groum, 
re but 12. nd 16, 


nent ok a Wirous | 


teſt Wiroans iin 
ble to make nota 
zouerument is dil 
ence. 

‘one an other moll 
02 ſome fubtile re: 
where either pat 
pind Come op othe, 
elp to bee, weebe 
ur Urange weit 
ineDshp the erpet 
unning away Was 


tin the knetwlenge 
Motwihſtanding, 
feeme veryingen⸗ 
o Artes as wer yt 


different ſopts fd 
0, s ther affirm 


Wen 


M.T bo. Hariot, Traffiques and Diſc 


when bee purpofen to make the woꝛl 

and inſtruments to beblen inthe ersten 
md ſtartes as pettie gods, and the i 
were made waters, o 
ds inuſſible. 


oueries. | 
AR orher gods OF aprincipatty 


ernment fofolow, and after anne nme 


. — Dunne mo 
gos a he | sioet More vrincipal, sittin 
which by the gods was made all bere of ceat tba 55 


the gods are of ty “meh 
which they n 1 25 
temples, 227 
fring onto 
ber fome three ommon fo 
: atalitée ofthe foule, t 
1 5 F tothe wozkes bath done, ie is eiche heauen the habt 
they thinke to be in the kurthe eit mio nne ich 
ntl at pitte oꝛ hole 
ci 7 OF the woꝛld toward the Dunne let, derten 
ores 
2 


pot the common and ſimple le 
burs; and alſo great care 


hough not withſkandin nt 
me puni 
reatneſſe of che Faces ures, fome 

of theit Religion, which, J : 
eech rag seabed no marken wee 

ect btterance in thei tolearne 

4 — 47 their ane edel, 1 aA wee had 
ing pon, a per Ompatles the vertue ol 


e kes, gunnes hoo arti 


tines and in euery tuwne where Jamie, acco 


He CONLENES OF the ‘Bibles thae therein heel tre nen — 


wofzes, 


278 The Englifh Voyages, Nauigations, M. Tho. Hariot. 


as conteined be ec ngen eng was ble bm io ditt, nden 
. d chiefe points of Religion, as J was a 9 Otig 
ie Beer 4 9 che booke materialip and of it felfe was not of any ſuch 

0 0 did concetue, but onelp she vocerine therein conteined: pet would mam 


workes,that therein w 


vertue, as J thoughe the ö 5 
5 it ace it. to kille it, to holde it to their byeattes and heads, and Rroke our 
A erben u e len thet hungry vefire ofthat knowledge which was ſpoken of, 
The Wiroans with whom we pwwelt called Wingina, and many of bis people would bee gly 
ny times to be with vs at our Pispers, and manp times call vpon vs both in his owne towne, 
pi in ethers whither bee ſometimes accompanied vs, to pap and fing Pfalmes,hoptng chery 
pp to be partaker ofthe lame effects which we by that meanes allo expectev. . 
Tinite chis Wiroans was lo grieuoully liche that he was like co dier and ap he lay lmmguiſhing, 
voubtiug of any helpe by his owne prieftes, and thinking hee was in ſuch danger fo2 offending rs 
anbtherebp dur God, (ent ko Come of vs to pia and hee a meanes to our God that it would pleat, 
bim either thathe mightliue,op after veathdwell with him in bliſle, lo lie wile were the requis Fay in ae | 
phich we law cl 


of many others in the like cate. thi ‘ 
their come began to wither by reaſon ofa bought which happened era . Frribte. And al 
Lad aghast 1 561 5 pale bp realon that in Come thing they had ditpleaterss pe (aide fickuet 
8 would come to vs and defire vs to pꝛap to our Godol England, that he would pꝛeſerue thx . ere are furthe 
Come promising that when it was ripe we alſo . eal is epee 
i e licknelle, Pay be bꝛoughtt 

feat nocinne bappen any Hand meanes thereof, for offending oz not ple 50 b 

wil J mention before J end, which mm: 


Pata 


se SE aie 


For our Cakes , a 


fy 
here we had bin. wheret 
The dilt ale allo was lo ſtrange, that they neit 


the Countrey neuer h 
fo by the natural inha 


A. teaſon 

0 dities. as we hat 

which J haue bet 

il where was on 

ther into the mai 

aner, the ground 1 

od as euer we ſaw 

de plentie of their 

ater pollicie and l 

hy max wee no 

1 well ok other tl 

ppened the like in d 

y ipinia, ertendin 

the inbabicanes 1 

polteltion o dealing 

ouery haue not yet 

Chat hope there is 

nd of Ia an the lan 

teece, Italy and Sr 

tobe tedious, J lea 

Fand elo tbe er 

their ficknes, land, d Retter f. 
women any of theirs. ethem cannot be! 
9 sano therefoze not maro thehollomnelle! 


„ eee 
0. Hariot. 


— — 
iſt, wih many pars 
vtter, and thought 
bat not ok any Curt 
dꝛ pet would many 
ds, and ſtroke oyer 
as ſpoken of, 

ple would bee gl 
in his owne towne, 


mes hoping ti: 


be lay Languithing 
ser fo offending i 
that it would pleat, 
e were the requett 


ich heppenevenn, 
p hab diſpleaſdt, 
ould preferue thek 
Ly 
p other crolle m 
ding oz not ple 
new end, which I 
tfull avmication 

8, wee leaving it by 
pein bp grentlencte) 
people begantovs 
urtie, and tone fr 


ened in no place the He 


A. T2. Harior. Traffiques and Difcoucries, 


DP toa wetwere menoten old generation many 
Dome 


it! 
Peeres yall; then riſen a aine to in i 
werte bekehren wen, 95 mastalitie, 


tion pet to tome 
2 1 bar whi a 
done. 
amd withouc bovies, and thartt 
Paths (os 08 ther pin: by Gooting inuity 415 
Co conſrme this opinion; thett ignorance in Curing the diſeale) 
would not beathamen to ſap, but kramt epeöbtebelteur chorchelktenggok 
they ſucked out of che licke bodies ithall the inulũible bullets were 
"ied and calt. Dome allo ktromthe plate 
ęvhere wee dwelt, and killed t ; olfended vs, ‘ag wee liſter, howe 
are diltant from vs ſveuer it chat it was theip⸗ttall Wworke of God 
pour lakes, inkenolell, whartoeuer fome doe oz 
gets, knowing ne Celiple of the Dunne 
vnto t 
ble. And allo ot a Comet w vai vis inthe 


ſaide ſickneſſe. from being th fj 


then J thinke lit at 


nd wharlocuer els they 
. 


8, c after luchim, Hie 


pio to cure tt,th li 
t of minde. Athng 
Inſcmuch that uh 


in our ioumeps hen 
me caule the matter 
o that they asothes 
ld bee foz our trat 
hat their reell 


pe) made relation not of fo 
men that are inviffe 


few and ſmall things, but that the 
iſpoſed) may bee lulfictentſy likens 


swith greater townes and hoult 
then loake 10 in goon 
e which, 
aine of the Mes 


of Japan, the land ol Chin 
teece, Italy and Spain 
tobe tedious, J leaue ¢ 


Perfia,lury,the Ila 
crab OF many other notable 


be 


om = \ aad n * f : 
280 TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, A. Thu. Hari 
i 2 2 — 
fict at Englich victuall, excepting ko twentie dapes, we ined one ly by Drinking — 


as 
she vittuall of the Countrey, of which fome bots were very ſtrange vnto da, and might baue ben, 


thougit to haue akered our tenperatures in ſuch ont, as to haue booughe vs into ſonie grium ? 

Ohle want te and bängerous difeates: Secondly the wantol Englich meanes, fog the taking of bealtes,6() my Be” 

Pople” foule, wbteh by che helge onelp of the tithabit ant ai their meanes conto not ber fo Cundenty m 

9 talily pꝛouidev foꝛ vs, no in ſo great munber and quantities, no: ofthat choiſe an otherwile mg 

baue bene to our better fatiffaction and contentment. Some want alſo we had of clothes, u: 
thermoze in al our trauailex, which were moſt ſgecially and often in the time of HLituter, dur u; 
ing was in the open aire vpon the ground. And het Alp fo; all this,there were but foureof oy IE 
wolte companp (being one bundzeth and eight) that bien all the peers, and that but at the un Me 
ende thereol, and bpon none of the afopefaive cauſes. #07 all foure, eſpecially cheer, were fry 1 
weake and ickly perſons befoze cuer they came thither, and thoſe that knew hem, much may, 
led that they liue d ſo long being in that cale, oꝛ had aduentured to trauaile. 

Seeing therefore che aire there ts fo temperate anpbollome, the fople fo kertile md puh our women, a 
fuct commonities,as Abaue before mentioned: the voyage allo thither to and fro being luftam Me fuoven burnin 
Iperperimented ta be perfourmen twiſe a peere with eale, and at any ſeaſon thereof: Auth ie not fycake, Al 
Ung of Sic Walter Ralegh fo liderall in large giuing and granting lande there, ais dn on luch a burt 
knowen, with many belpesand furiberances elſet ( Che leat that he hach granted bath bew Me 5 4 houres,{e b 
Hunvzerh acres to a man onelp fo the aduenture ol his perfon) A hope there remaimeg ro cal Alothe fit 
hereby the action ſhould be milliked. ; fach bignes th. 

Ak that thole which hall thither crauaile to inhabite ano plane bee but reafonably proubalz f the les line toe 
thefirt yeere, as thole are which were tranſpozted the laſt, and being there, doe ule duty Maen water whereor 
gence and carr, that is renuiſit, and as they may with eaſe: There is no doubt, but fop the tiny fy many as did but 
lowing, cher mu bane victuals that are excellent good end pientie pnough, ſome more Emi atoay the orig 
forts of catcell alfa hereafter, as fome baue bene befoge, and are there yet remapning, my, m Gein due 03 fre 
Chall be( God willing) thicher tranſpoted. Do likewile, our kinde of fruites,rooces,andjeaty Mem Che ſerond d 
map be there planted and fowen, as ſome haue bene alrecdy, and prone well: And in hoy tine l water, thzee one 
ſotbeymap ralle ſo much of thole farts of commonitien which A haue fpoken of, as ſpul bah f f chetop of anbigt 
rich themſelues, as alſo others that ſhall deale with them. f nf anp gvodnes 

And this is all the fruit of our labours that Ahaus thougbt neceflarp to aduertiſe pou of ais I wey, he tound in 
ſent: That elfe concerneth the nature and mane rs of the inhabitants of Virginia them tbat Wand: whe 
er with the particularities of the voyages thither made; and of the actions of {uch as haben Fernandobaptol 
by Hir Walter Ralegh therein, and there imploped, many wopthy co be remmembeed,as of eid Me very late returner 
viltouerers of the Countrep , ok our Generali for the time Sit Richard Grinuil, and ft A ley eleuen aug 
departure of our Gouernour there Malter Ralph Lane, with divers other directed anvinpion Iam Where they Raper 
vuber their gouernment: Ok the Captaines and Watters of the voyages mave fince oy tranipy f Of water, whereot 
tarion ol the Gouernout and alliſtants ofthoſe already tranſpoꝛted, as of many perfons tin Linking water of | 
and things el, A haue reavy in a diſcourſe by it felfe in maner of a Chronicle, accorving toy Che ſame fecor 
courte of times: which when time Mall be thought tonuenient, (hall be allo publithen, viding at Santa Cr 
Thus referring my relation to pour favourable constructions, expecting good lutte oth N nando who affurrei 
~etion, From him which is to be acknowledged the authour and gouernour, not ontiyckt hun planters left Santa 
things els, Atake my leaue ol pou, this moneth ok February 1587. we weped anker, 


The fourth voyage made to 4 with three fhips, in theyer 


1587. Wherein was tranſported the fecond Colonie. 


Uebe pecre ok our Lord 15 8 7, Sit Walter Ralegh intending to perl ame brere 
PDD Meee the plancing of bis Countrey of Virginia, prepared a newe Colonic dfb 


Peo Kea pred and fiftiemen to be ſent thither, bnver che charge of lohn White when 
worked Gouernour, and alſo appointed vnto him tweine Aidtents,onte whee he fittt day we! 
bee gaue a Cherter, and incopporacen chem by the name at Gowernour un a dur company, D. 
Bante ol the Citic of Ralegk in Virginia. a ang, et wich tin 
| ‘April. een 
a ' " eve could. T. 
Ur Fleete being in number ehzee Catle, vix. the Admirall a ſhippe of one hundztb and the eokthe Bay. nl 
tie 3 and 8 Pinfteſſe, beparten tue fire and twentierh of Spule mane een és 
Portefmouth,anp the Came dap carne to an ancker ar the Cowes in the Alleof Wight, oben MRE Bowen 1157 
Raped cight vapes, 5 hel whether che 


= 


Tho. Hari The fecond Colonie, Traffiques and Dileouerics | 


— mig bin | May 
and tne : . 
tncofome gruum 1 4 » A MNE ol the clocke ac nigte We came to PL 
msctbealee 4 the {pace jm —.— . ye limmouth,tobere toe remalned 
bee fa lusdenbm Be e er ep dokra 

ile max 16 Simon erdi „P of our ad wolp f 
— 7 Tune. 7 | 


3 19 we fell with “Dominica, and the tame enening we ſayled 
e, were ia . ‘Fup 7 the 21 the Fly · boat alſo feltwith Dominic¢s, 2 1 e 1 
chem; much ma Che 22 we cane to an anker at an Alland called Santa Cruz, where all 
m land aptmg there till che 25 of the lame moneth. de our fet 
fertile vAND peehiy our women, and men, by eating afinalt fruit like green 
Ero being luft f funden burning in their mouthes, and er of their 
thereof: Audtem noc fpcake, Allo a child by fucking one of tho € Womens heaſlz, had at that inſtant 


burning ſet 
tber as is dum on ſuch a bac tt tas rang toſte how infant was ¢ be gg 
sit hitb ee 24 bonres it ware away of ie (cite, che mas oumented for the time: bur after 


e temaines no ta Alſothe firt ting bee ‘land, we tooke fue grear @ teſes, the 
fſuch bi tget men were tired with catping of artigen eee 
the teal Judt Alem te foun no tn >but a ttanoing youve, the 
thar bar meer f, fell che mib pte 
water, themoming before the Sunne 
and ioe, bat their eves were hur up, and could not 
ud Fonth omne of out men to fears, Alando; 
And in hort time y Che Gouernour alfo, with fir „We N 
ber er tn th viewe the Illand, but could pertetue no fign * 1 
no} any ah 1 65 655 Faller of Gulacum, Returning mother 
uertile pou of ui A way, he tound in the diltent o A ill: certaine potſheards of making ol the 
Virgin h ene: whereupon it was teh Sage of 
of lach as banda Fernando ban told bs fo) cettaine the Chet the Fett of our comsany 
berp late returned to the Gouernour company affirmen bad feene in abal⸗ 
ſteepe, o ol the 
they Raped. The ot { gont ofa high tr aberytenetn 
bottels to the company: fo) before that time, wee dzank the 
eſſe, avted krom our flere, 
le I hn, ft dir 5 F. i- 
fod cele Panel Sone oe a 8 eepe Eier pat nie * 
anta Crux, and came all a t moꝛni i 
e aw ‘ te weped anker, md departed from Santa Cre me sla 
commie eh toe came co aukec et Corte, 
our comming. 
ewelpene j mom inthe ; 


ding to prime beere chen che g , meane time 
Colonie of one ham : 


ulde Cj fa 4 Ilan 2 
der Dasa Cebhntg de. b. 


them 
with b Wot totske in fait there, 
Wb th ihn the Ketel 

a4 


282 TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, The ſecond (olonie, 


come backe, till che next day at might, and that (fin the meant 
. 5 ite, the eren an ahs 100 r i fg 41 sts 
kante wenne, oe God in pieces ab ping 
pvenlp began to Iweart, and teart pieces, 
3 bea e ey ,der y bb :(alne Bond, and mne ges 
W e dol S. Iohn, the Gouernour determined to goalany 
in Rap ately A3 eee e eden rn and Plantanos, to {erg 
anor Virginia bite bet might ell San 1 ous N 
to Ar“ 
eee eee 
ipo 1 15 ‘nine IL ten tama all fuch things as we would heut taken in u. 
ale Pines. lohn: but he meant nothing lelte , as it plainely di appeare to vs afterwards, 


(rd OF July, we lam Hiſponiola, and bare with the coat alley 
ny wa apt Gob Fee 
kriend Alan con was: but that Dap patten,anb we (atu 

alt of Hiſpaniola, vntill tbe next Dap at voone, and no py, 
„ taping bere, 0e pauing hnotwten ethat we were patk ihe plate wun 
5 ſon dwelt, and were come with lſabe lla: hereupon Ferdinando mas aſhed by the 
3230000 
U 
ie hapa propelled hwy peat shady that the king of Spaine had ſent fo) e 
into Spaine : hbertkeze be ehoughe him dead, and that it was to no purpoſe to touch there 17 


place, at this . fight of Fliſpanioli, an haltvott lo; Virginia, about foure of the cocky 


ae 


they ſhoulb fu 
Che eight 
Sauages, wi 
what munber! 
ges being ſeer 
fo kill them, el 
only a ſinal fo; 
companp, and | 
nnd alter they b 
the water to th 
PDn the thi 
Alland of Croa 
Illand, of whe 


learne the diſpol 


with them. At 
ung vs begin to 
Manteo their ca 
thep returned an 
> bracing and ente 
they had but litt 
ſpould be diminiſ 
was betweene vs 
ſuere ſeemeꝛ to p 
> therefeatten vs a 
badge giuen them 
nywhere out of the 
diuers of them wei 
company, whereof: 
hurt euer ſince: ba 
Binos men, where 


he next day we 

ſeogoe e Pom 
thep would arcept o 
dealings patt un b 
of Croatoan anfiner 
bringthe Wiroance 
Roanoak,opehete an 
Howe was flaine t 


Bim Ware 
Knete 


nd (Colonie, 


. —— 


283 

— 

at il in the meant Moyth ende or tthe Ilan, where water Rulte Lane hn bts force witty fanny necetiat'y and pes 

bile be was chug nee an mato geen about it the perte borane, where wee e e 

ein chaee ſadonm ſiguer ey ttccauim Knowleoge of one ktervemen,lolhen wecir; thither we found the lot raled 

bling great dus downe, but all che houles aeg dune ebe the wench rooms o an, and atfo ofthe 

d were ifoppoin fopte, were cuergrowen with Meions of berg antes, aud Deere wi th them feeding on tho 
Pelons :ſo wre returned to our company, without bobe of euer leeing an ofthe fteent men 

ined to iui, i 303 ti 700% 16 
et ; Suede „an gluen, chat euery man ſpoulb be employed fo the repaying thore 
le, aud the pm bhouſen, which wee tau Ranbing, and allo to make Other newe Cottages, fo? 1 
t Simon py 1 niede. ; 1 uA (7 1961 1 in 

— nt The 25 bur Ipboate anche ret or our planters artlued All fafe at Hatoraske,,¢o the great 

lend Alanſon, 4 FF joy onvconttort ok the whole company + but ehe er of our Admivat Ferdinando gtleued 

dus taben ine renate Safe connntnd for hee rin pobelb left them inthe Bap of Porta al, And fle a. 
dun rom chemin ebe night; Hoping hab che rary hae bel nene wes fe ge 

the coat allen fon that he neuer had bene m Virginia, lo hatoly ſi 

¢ Ferdinandoys gerons apiace as that was, hy m 

in Hifpaniols, 8 

ene and no pe oul nts was Haine by vinerg 

t yp Ae > thar munber we were leuten Deere wt , eae . dur company ; and 

a uẽbat number ’ ene, wheteol were many in the Alland Saus. 
fr acm e bidden among high reedes, w Pin the 3 Their Saua 
Dit Walterſu. 


here oftentimes t ſind ehe O i 
ſio kill them eſpied our man Wading in the water hep fino tbe Deere af 


ep and 
alone, almoſt naked, without any wen on, ſaue 
kent fon Aluj He” only a ſital fopked Aicke,cate bins Crabs ebecetoic hal, at atte being kreyedtwo miter fron his 
touch there ua companp, and Mot at him in the water, whert they gaue him litten wounds with their arroweg: 

md alter ther bad flatne bum with their woodden bunds ber bethishecdin pieces mo lever 
ure of ihechen . the water to the maine, ef, 


On the thirtieth of July Malter Stafford and twent 


i ol our men paſled water to t 
apo were wok Bland of Ctoatoan, wil Manteo, who had bie mother, and many of bishintes mel e 
nert ſupppzunt f Jand, of whom wee boper to vnder kan lome newes ok aur fifteene men, but eſpectally to 
indo ſolatedh s icarne the di se of the people oF the countrey towards bs and to renew 

er part of tha dey with them. f 


our of 
tour ürſk landing they ſremed as though they would wü UE old ſtiendſhip 


vs: but pertei⸗ 
* then turnen their backe, and ſled. Then 
in their owne language, whom alloo 


hunting Sum 
nesuing Caycos, 


nando tooke to le 
ayes: but fn 
ot Captaine s 
bene all cat any 


B length vpont: 


Ship aud piu 
K bis bed mo, f for want of ſome ſuch badge, 
ene Engin, were hurt the peere befoze, being found out ok the Illand by Maſter Lane his 
Aeant to heran company, whereof they ſhe wed vs one, which at that very inſtant lay lame, and hap lien of that 
he bad ſo bon, n hurt euer ſince: but they ſayd, they knew our men miftooke them, and hurt them in ſtend ol Win. 
ubere we hes kinos men, therefore they held vs ercuſed. ö 
directions i 
mne ko; England, T™ next day we had conference further with them, concerning the people of Secotan, Aqua- 
ers backe egeint ſeogoc, Pomeiok, willing them of Croatoan tocertifte the people of thofe townes, that if 
¢ pmoutd Coping thep would accept our friendſhip, we would willingly receiue them againe, and that all vn 
in no other place, preatings pat on both parts, hould be beterly foꝛgiuen 
e pater, Croatoan anfiweren, char th 
ak, and the fame bringthe Wiroances and chi 
en were left, te oatioak,o 
e Foun the bones . ſinine bp the renmant 

nich dom Wancheſe kept co 


An Je pitbmen 


E left at Roa 


ſet 


ie 


ions, Z hefecand (olonie, 


484. The Engliſh Voyages, Na The fe 
{et vpon, by 3.0 of the men of Secota, Aqusſoogor, and Dafamon in manner folio 
hep conuepen chemielnes fetrttin bhp the cress, neete the boutes where our men carne” * —4 
lived: and bauing perceiuen that of thole ilteene they coulolet but elenen onlp,tiwo of tboſe cdi . 1 
chte en dane Cnglilhmnen, calling ro chem d Crienniy lane chat hu the dete 1 e 
chiefe® men ſyould come vnarmed to ſpeabe with chole mo Sauages : — — 
nis. Bp thie 
in wood, an 
1 par ed their! 
es purſued withtheir bowes, and arro 12 
laſt, that the Engliſhmen were loꝛced to take thetoute, wherein all their — ween” N : — N 
gane, lo tha 
dooke them, 
i At this tin 
a two out of th 
land: fo eue 
Which che Sauages through their numblenes, delended ibemſe lues, and lo offended our menu at length by 
their arrowes, that our meu being fome of them hurt, retpztd Sighting to the water ſide, bie 1 ‘or 
their boat lap, with which they fled towards Hatorask, Bp that time they bad rowed but aqun 1 
actecke thereby, wbere they bab bin to the Gouern 
ter and ſooner 
ged manp Cuff 
backe againe v 
phMaoycured thꝛot 
and that ſome 
der fallly both 
fe #4 0 to * 
being certainly alſo infomed bythoſe men of Croatoan, that t im. 4 ab ol 
gins bis men, which were lelt aliue. who dwelt at Dafamonque a iy . f 
which had llaine George Howe, and were allo at the dziuing of our eleuen Englichmen un felfe aal ſuch 
Roanoak , hee thought to deferre the reuenge thereol no longer. Therefore the lame nig ⸗ kurniſhed, wher 
bout midnight. he palled oucr the water, accompanied with Captaine Stafford, and 24 men, wer ⸗· Therefore | 
of Manteo was cue, whom we tooke with vs to be our guide to ide place there thole Sauags The 57 1 
dwelt, where he behaued himtelle toward vs as a moſt faithfull Engliſhman. 4 swischeiv ce 4 
The next dap, being the ol Auguſt in the moyning fo early that it was pet darke, welnded I ſuppiy, and mh 
nere the dwelling place of our enemics,¢ verp ſetretip Conueped our felues though the woods, inder all ther h 
to that fine where we had their houles bet weene vs and the water: and bauing eſpied their ur, Vreini ſo chat 
ano fome fitting about it we pzelentip et on tbem: the mifecable foules herewith amase, ta Allignes, whent 
into a place of thicke rerves growing alt bp, where our men percetuing tem, hoe one often der their hands a 
chrough che bovie wirh a bullet, and iherewith we entred the reedes,among which we bopraty teltinonp J thou 
acquite their euill doing towards vs, but we were vecetued,for thoſe Dauages were our friendz, Mayit pleaſe 
and were come from Croatoan to gather the come ¢ fruit of that place, becauſe they vnderio planters in Viroi 
dur enemies were fled immedlatly alter they had llaine George Howe, and fon hatte hanlettall fent and fpeep l 
their cone, Tabocco, and Pompions Landing in luch fore, that al had bene deuoured ofthe birds, and necellary fop 
and Deere, il it had not bene gathered in time: but they had like to haue payd deerelp fozit sfopit of one minde ck col 
was fo darke, that they being naked, and their men and women apparellen ell fo like others wer uernonr of the plat 
knew not but that they wert al ment and il that one of them which was a Wiroances wife han not feting im wald of 
bad a child at her backe, thee had bene flaine in feadofaman , and as bap was, another Sauare hour and take pain 
knem Maſter Stafford, and ran to him calling bim by bis name, whereby hee was ſaued. Findung and for the honour: 
aur ſelues thus difappointed of our purpole, we gathered al the cone, Peaſe, Pompions, and Ta; our impoztunarie 
bacco that we found ripe, leauing the teſt vnſpoyled, and tooke Menatoan his wife, withtheyoug all our behalfes to 
child, and the other Sauages with vs ouer the water to Roanoak. Although the miſtabingoktheſt i all others, we 10 
Sauages ſome what grieued Manteo, pet he imputed their harme to their otune folly, fayingte the a5 of Augult I 
33 e 12 kept cheir pꝛomiſe in comming to the Gouernour at the y he Gouernou 
nt at miſchance. ineo England, bars 
The 3 ot auguſt our Sauage Manteo, by the commanvement of Sir Walter Ralegh, uu ae the 
chpitents 


ind Colonie, 


Thelend dni. 0 —— 
The fecond ( olonie. Traffiques,and Difcoueries, 285 

manner Following chrittenedin Roanoak,and called L oro thereof, and of Dalamonyuereuk, in reward of his faiths 

our men ulce. 

P,two of thoſe S 9 18 Elenor, daughter to the Goucrnour, and wife to Ananias Dare one of the Alligants, 

at but two of thelt was velluered of a daughter in Roanoak, and the fame was chꝛiſtened there the @onvay fol. 

ſeemed alſo to tee fowing,and becaule this child was the fir Chyiſtlan bowie in Virginia, hee was named Virgi- 

bem: but nia, Bp this time our (hips had vnl aden the Foods and victuals ok the planters, and began to take 

8 ſwoꝛde ol wood in wood, and frech water, and to new calke and trimme them for England: the planters allo Pree 

ew hin, andy, paced thete letters and tokens to fend backe into England. 

'ngliſtenan perce, Our two hips, the Lion and ti 

, AND arrows, f 

sail, and we ves before he could come to ba as 

r men were fore b and the rather foz that at the time that the llozme 

among the , tooke them, the mot and belt of their lallers were left aland. 

r al our men ny At this tune ſome c ntrouerſles arate betweene the Gouernour and Alſiſtants, about chooling 

iagus was thor u. two ont of the twelue aalliſtantg, which Mould goe backe ag factors forthe company into Eng- 

Tbe place whey land :for eueryone ok them refuted, ſaue onely one, which all other thought not ſutficient: but 
trees, It length by much perſwading of the Gouernour , Chriftopher Cooper only agreed to gee fo2 

DED our men uh i England: but the nett day. though the perfwatton of diuers of bis kamillar friends, hee changed 

vater ſide, when is nunde, lo that now the matter Mood as at the firſt. i 

rowed but aqu· Che nert dap, the 22 of Auguſt, the whole company both of the Alligants and planters came 

bere they had b tothe Fouernour, and with one volte requeſled bim to returne himſelle int 

k and landed on, i 

bere they temp / 


day we denn 


N 


the Wiroantes of 

dapes wert pal, and there to 

ECroatosn jam that ſeeing they intended to remoue 50 miles further vp ne 

an; thatthe um. HS intothe maine prefentlp,be being then ablent, his fuffeand goods might be both ſpoiled, 2 moll of so mites mne 

— were te them pilkered alvap in the cariage, lo that at his returne be ſhould be either forcen to pꝛouide him⸗ e countrep, 
nglithmen um i felfe of all fuch things againe, oꝛ elſe at his comming againe to Virginia find hunſelke vtterly vn⸗ 

the fame nights: kurniſhed, whereof already he had kound ſome pꝛoofe, being but once krom them but thꝛee vayes. N 

ND 24 men, tohers TAherefoꝛe he concluded that he would not goe himlelke. 

e thole Sauagrs 


The next dap, not onelythe Alliſtants but diuers others, as well women as men, began to re⸗ 
newtheir requetts to the Gouernour Againe, to take vpon him to returne into E ngland fo the 


darke, twelannen 


ö f 
| 

i } 
1 no 
1 

a 


upply, and Difpatch of all ſuch things as there were to be done, pꝛomiling to make him their bond 
Lough the woods, | 
5 efpien their itr, irginia, e ſpoyled oz loft, they would fee it reſlozed to him, or bis 
ith amazed, fio Allgnes, whenſoeuer the lame ſhould be mitted and demanded: which bond, with a te ſtimony one 
fhot one of then der their hands and ſeales, they koozthwith made, and deliuered into his hands. The copie oF the 
hich we hoptd y teltimony I thought good to let downe. 
were our friends, Mapit 
p thep wnoeriloop 
hate han etal 


ured of the birds, 
rely fo it sfopit 
like others, wee 


ices wife han not at he both can beit, and wil la⸗ 
mother Sung a that behalte for vs all, and he not once, but often reuling it, fox our lakes, 
sfaued, Finding aio fopthe honour ¢ maintenance of the action, ath at la tho This will through 
npiong,and Ta · i and himfelfe in 
fe, with the yong 
uilkakingoktheſt 


ndling this matter, 
2 and will pou to giue all credite thereunto, 
the 25 of guguſt 1587. 


he Gouernour being at the tat thꝛough their ertreame intreating conſtrapned to returne 

fntoEnoland, hauing then but halfe a dapes reſpite to prepare himlelke for the lame, peparten 

om Roanoak the leuen and twentieth ok Auguſt in the mozning, and the fame dap about 
eta 3 


midnight 


, folly, ping te 
rnour at the bay FF 


er Ralegh, bas 
cppittencs 


286 


Smerwick in the whom we vnder ſtood wee were in Smerwick inthe Te parts of Ireland: they allo relecuey 
Welk ot ireland ys pꝛe ſently with fret water, wine, and other freſh meate. 


The Engliſh Voyages, &. 7 he ſecund Luiome, 


! 
midnight. came aboopo the Flieboat, who already had weped anker, and rode without the Larre, 
the Adi rall riding vy them, who but the fame mopning was ne wly come thither game. Che 
fame day both the hips wepcd anker, and ſet ſalle o; England: at this weping their aukers, 
twelue ol the men which were in the F lyboate were tho wen from the Capſlone, which bp 
meanes of a barre that brake, came fo falt about vpon them, that the other two barres thereof 
ftrooke and hurt molt ol them ſo fope , that Come of them neuer retouered it: neuertheleſle they 
aſcaped prefenelp againe to wey their anker, but being fo weakened with the firl fling , they 
were not able to wepe it, but were throwen Downe and hurt the fecond time, Therefore ha 
wing in all but fiftecne men aboord, ano mod of hem by this vnforunate beginning fo bruit, 
and bur hey were forcedto cut their Cable, and leeſe their anker. Meuerthelelle, they hep 
toenpan with mr al, vntill the ſeuenteenth of September, at which tune wee fel! wah 
Coruc a" fat Flores, 


September. 


He eighteenth, yercetuitt of all our fiftecne men in the Flpboace there remained but lu, 
182 mi aves of the lonmer milchance, were able to tand to their labour: and that ip 
the Anmirall meant not to make any haſte for England, ht to linger about the Alland of Ter. 
seraiyp utchaſe: the F bone departed for England with letters, where we hoped by the hey 
God to a riue ſhox:ly: but vp chat tune we hao continued our courſe homeward about ten 
ay Haves. baung had Cumetimes (carſe and unrtable windes, our freſh water alſo bp len 
sini comfemed , chere arolſe a ſtoꝛme at Moi vaſt, which for fire dayes ceaſad not to blow, 
fo exceeding that we were dziuen furcher in thole fire chen we could cecouer in thirteene days; 
in which time others of our faplers began to fall very ficke and two of them dyed, the weather aj. 
fo continued fo cloſe, that our Maler ſometimes in foure dayes together could lee neither funne 
nop ſtarre, and all the beuerage we could make, with ſtinking water, dregs of beere, and lees of 
wine which remapned, was but thzee gallons, and thereloze now we expected nothing but faning 


to periſh at Dea. 
October. 


e 16 of October we made land, but we knewe not what land it was, bearing in with the 
fame land at that dap: about lunne fer we put into a harbour, where we found a Hulle of 
Dublin, and a pinneſſe of Hampeon riding. but we knew not as pet what place this was, neultr 
had we any boate to goe athoze , vntill the pinneſle fent off their boate to vs wü 60) 8 ment 


The 18 the Gouernour and the Matter ryd to Dingen a Cuſhe, 3 miles diſtant, ta take aner 
fo? the new victualing of our Flieboate for England, and fo; reliefe of our ſicke and hunt men, 
but within foure dates after the Boatſwain, the Steward, and ihe Boatſwains mate died abaoyy 
the Flieboat, and the 28 the Malters mate and two ok our chiefe {ailers were bought lickers 
Dingen. 


Nouember. 


Te fir che Gouernour hippenhimfelfe in a thip called the Monkie, which at that time bus 
ready to put to fea from Dingen foꝛ England, leauing the F lpboat and all bis companen 
Ireland, Che fame day we Cet ſaple, and on the third day we fell with the Moꝛth fine of the lands 
end, and were ſhut vp the Seuerne, but che next day we doubled the fame for Mounts Bay. f 

The 5 the Gouernour landed in England at Martaſew, neere Saint Michaels mount in 
Corne wall. 

The 8 we arriued at Hampton, where we vnderſlood that our conſozt the Admiral was come 
to PMιν0outh, and had bene there thace weekes before : and alfo that Ferdinando the Pattee 
with all his company were not onely come home without any purchale, but alſo in (uch weaknelle 
by ſicknelle, and death of their chiefeſt men, that they were ſcarſe able to brinm their Chip into hats 
vour, but were forced to let fall anker without, which they could not wey bunt migtt all 
haue perithed there, ia ſmall barke bygreat hay had not come to them to ee bees 
of the chiele men that died are thele, Roger Large, lohn Mathew, Thon 
faplers, whole names A knew uot at the wziting hereol. An, Dom, 1587. 


The 


Tee inca a eM ee are ee 


5 


om dl, olle other @ N 


The feco 
The n: 


arriu 
Regin 


2 V 
Roger 
Ananias 
Chtiſtop 
Thomas 
lohn Sam 
Dyonis r. 
Roger Pr 
George t 
Simon Fe 
Nicholas 
Thomas v 
Anthony 
Iohn Ione: 
William W 
lohn Broo! 
Cutbere M 
lohn Brigh 
Clement 1 
Wilhara So 
Iohn Cocin 
Humſrey N 
Thomas Ce 
Thomas Gr 
Marke Bent 
Ioha Gibbe 
Tohn Stilma 
Robert Will 
Iohn Tydwi 
Ambroſe V. 
Edmond En 
Thomas Tor 
Heniy Berry, 
Richard Berr 
Tohn Spendk 
John Hemmit 
Thomas Buel 
Edward Pow 
John Burden, 
Tames Hynde, 
Thomas Ellis. 
William Brow 
Michael Mylle 


To the Woi 


much hap 


— 
Colonie. 


— — 
bout the barre, 
Tagaine, The 
G theit aukers, 
lone , Which by 
barres hereof 
lerthelleſſe they 
iit fling, thep 
TUberetore ha 
ing fo bauitiy, 
lelle, they kept 
e Wee fell wah 


rained but flut, 
r: and that thy 
Alland of Ter. 
oped by the he 
rd about tuen 
alſo bp leaking 
(D not to blot 
hirteene dares; 
the weather a 
e neither funne 
pre, and lees of 
Ding but faruing 


ing in with thy 
und a Dulke of 
is was, neuer 
) 6028 men ol 
p allo relecuey 


t, to take oder 
and hut men, 
late died abacyy 
ought licker 


t that time toas 
us compame in 
fine of the lands 
ats Bay. 

raels mount in 


niral was come 
ndo the Mallet 
(uch weaknelle 
ir chip into bats 
nt might all 
Ti henomes 


aiid anne other FR 4 


22 ͤ aie De a 
ei eg 5 


2 


3 


The fecond ( olonie. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 287 
kd! TT 


The names of all the men, 


arriued in Virginia, and remal 
Regina Elisabetha. 29, 


Ohn White, 
TRoger Baily, 
Ananias Dare, 


Chriltopher Cooper, 


Thomas Steuens, 
lohn Sampſon. 
Dyonis Haruie, 
Roger Prat. 
George How, 
Simon Fernando, 
Nicholas lohnfon, 
Thomas Warner, 
Anthony Cage. 
ohn Iones, 
William Willes, 
lohu Brooke, 
Cutbert White, 
lohn Bright. 
Clement Tayler, 
Wilham Sole, 
Iohn Cotttuur, 
Hurnfrey Newton, 
Thomas Colman. 
Thomas Gramme, 
Marke Bennet. 
TohnGibbes, 
Toho Stilman, 
Robert Wilkinfon, 
Tohn Tydway, 
Ambroſe Viccats. 
Edmond Englith, 
Thomas Topan, 
Heniy Berry, 
Richard al 
Tohn Spendloue. 
John Hemmington. 
Thomas Butler. 
Edward Powell, 
Tohn Burden, 
Tames Hynde, 
Thomas Ellis. 
William Browne, 
Michael Myllet. 


To the Worſhipful and my very friend M 
much happineſſe in the Lord. : 


Sh 
05 
14 WOKS 
Oy, BY 
9 VY 
N 7 
) 4 


i, 
ef 


Thomas Smith, 
Richard Kemme, 
Thomas Harris, 
Richard Tauerner, 
Iohn Earneft, 
Henry lohnſon. 
lohn Starte. 
Richard Datige. 
William Lucas, 
Arnold Arc hard. 
lohn Wright, 
Willam Dutton, 
Mauris Allen, 
William Waters, 
Richard Arthur, 
lohn Chapman, 
William Clement. 
Robert Little. 
Hugh Tayler, 
Richard Wildye, 
Lewes Wotton, 
Michael Bithop, 
Henry Browne, 
Henry Rufoote. 
Richard Tomkins, 
Henry Dorrell, 
Charles Florrie. 
Henry Mylton, 
Henry Paine, 
Thomas Harris, 
Will am Nichols, 
Thomas Pheuens. 
Iohn Borden, 
Thomas Scot, 
Peter Little, 
Lohn Wyles, 
Brian Wyles, 
George Martyn, 
Hugh Pattenſon, 
artin Sutton, 
Tohn Farre, 
Iohn Bridger, 
Griffen Iones, 


women and children, which fafely 
ned toinhabitethere, 1 587. Anno regni 


after Richard Haklit, 


fying of your-earneft requeft ; as the performance of 


fent you (although in a homely ftile, efpecially fort 
j licate eate) the true diſeourſe of my laſt voyage into che Welk Indies and 
partes of eAmerica called Virginia, taken in hand about the end of Februa- 

Anie, in the yeare of our redemption 13 90, And what euents happened vnto 


Richard Shabedge, 

lames Lafie, 

Iohn Cheuen, 

Thomas Hewer, 

William Berde 
Humer 


Elyoner Dare, 
Margery Haruie, 
Agnes Wood, 
Weneftid Powell. 
Toyce Archard, 
Iane Iones, 
Flizabeth Glane, 
lane Pierce, 
Audry Ta an, 
Alis Geer 
Emme Mertimoth, 
Colman, 
Margaret Lawrence, 
oan Warren, 
Tane Mannering, 
Rofe Payne, 
Elizabeth Viccars, 


Boyes and children, 
Ioha Sampſon. 
Robert Ellis, 
Ambrofe Viccars, 
Thomas Arc hard. 
Thomas Humfre 8 
Thomas Smart. 
George How. 
Iohn Prat, 
William Wythers. 

Cbilaren borne iv 
Virginia, 
Virginia Dare, 
aruie, 
Sanages, 


Manteo, 2 ment ab. 


; nd returned 
Towaye. 88 


ou in England, I haue 
contentation of a de- 


vs 


on 288 


The Engliſn Voyages, &c. M. lohn White, 


vs in this our iourney, you fhall plainely perceiue by the ſequele of my diſcourſe. There were 
at the time qſoreſaid three ſnips abfolutely determined to goe forthe Welt Jndées, at the ſpe. 
ciall charges of M. John Mattes of London Marchant. But when they were fully furnithed,and 
in readinefle to make their departure, a generall {tay was commanded of all fhips thorowoy, 
England, Which fo fooneas I heard, I prefently (as I thought it moſt requifite ) acquainted 
Sir Walter Ralegh there with, deſiring him that as I had fundry times afore bene chargeable and 
trouble ſome vnto him, for the fupplies and reliefes of the planters in Virgima: folikewie, 
that by his endeuour it would pleaſe him at that iuſtant to procure licenſe for thoſe three {hips 
to proceede on with their determined voyage, that thereby the people in Virginia (if it were 
Gods pleaſure) might ſpeedily be comforted and relieued without further charges vnto hin, 
Whereupon he by his good meanes obtained licenſe of the Queenes Maleſtie, and order tobe 
taken, that the owner of the 3 {hips fhould be bound vnto Sir Malter Ralegh or his aſſignes in 
3.000 pounds, that thoſe 3 fhips in confideration of their releafement fhould take in, & tranl. 
port aconuenient number of paffengers , with their turnitures and neceſſaries to be landed in 
Virginia, Neuertheleſſe that order was not obferued , neither was the bond taken according 
to the intention aforefaid, But ratherin contempt of the aforefaid order, I was by the owne; 
and Commanders of the ſhips denied to haue any paſſengers, or any thing els tranfported in 
any of the faid ſhips, ſauing only my ſelfe & my cheft; no not fo much asa boy to attend vpé 
me, although I made great ſute, & earneſt intreatie aſwell to the chiefe Commanders, as tothe 
owner ofthe ſaid ſhips. Which croffe and vnkind dealing, although it very much difcontented 
me, notwithſtanding the ſcarſity oftime was ſuch, that I could haue no opportunity to go yu 
Sir Walter Ralegh with complaint: for the fhips being then all in teadineſſe to goetothe Sey, 
would haue bene departed before I could haue made my returne, Thus both Gouernots, Ma. 
ſters, and failers, regarding very ſmally the good of their countreymen in Dginia; determi. 
ned nothing leſſe then to touch at thoſe places, but wholly diſpoſedthemſelues to feckesfie 
purchafe & ſpoiles, ſpending fo much time therein, that ſommer was ſpent before we arrived a 
Virginia, And when we werecome thithet, the ſeaſon was fo vnfit, & weather ſo foule that we 
were conſtrained of force to forſake that coaſt, hauing not ſeene any of our planters, with loſe 
of one of our fhip-boates, and 7 of our chiefeſt men: and alfo with loſſe of 3 of our ankersand 
cables, and moſt of our caskes with freth water leſt on ſhore, not poffible to be had aboord, 
Which euils & vnfortunate euents(as wel to their owne loſſe as to the hinderance of the plan. 
ters in Virginia) had not chanced, if the order fet downe by Sir Walter Ralegh had beneob. 
ſerued, or if my dayly & continuall petitions for the performance ofthe fame might hauen. 
ken any place. Thus may you plainely perceiue the fucceffe of my fift & laſt voiage to Virgins, 
which was no leſſe vnfortunately ended then frowardly begun, and as luckleſſe to many, asſ. 
nifter to my felfe,But I wouldto God it had bene as profperous to all, as noyforne tothe plan. 
ters;& as ioyfull to me, as difcomfortable to them. Yet ſeeing it is not my firſt croſſedvoyige, 
Iremaine contented, And wanting my wiſhes, I leaue off from profecuting that whereunto| 
would to God my wealth were anfwerable to my will. Thus committing the reliefe of my dif 
comfortable company the planters in Nirginia, to the merciful help of the Almighty, whom! 
moſt humbly beſeech to helpe & comfort them, according to hic moſt holy will & their good 
deſite, I take my leaue: from my houſe at Newtowne in Ky/more the 4 of February, 1593. 


Tour moft welwifhing friend, 
JohN WHITE 


The fift voyage of M. John WVhite into the Ve Indies and pan 
of Amerita called Virginia, in the yeere 1590. 


pe 20 nf Purch the three hhippes the Hopewell, the lohn Euangeliſt, and the Linle 
lohn, put to Sea from Plymmouth with two ſmall Shallops. 


The 25 at midnight both our Shallops were ſunke being tower at the Hips Me 


25 ſtearnes by the Boat lwaines negligence. i 
On the zo we ſaw a head vs that part of the coaſt ol Barbary , lying Eaſt of Cape Cantyn, 
endthe Bap of Afaphi, 


Ehe next dap Wwe came to che leo Mogador, where rode, at our palling by, a iuneſle off 


London called the Mooneſhine. i 


CN a a le a alc 


ay 


+ offenccdone t. 
Che 2 of 
Uicendmirall] 
bound tothe In 
Guadalupe an 

Che z we h. 

i On the 4 we 
S. lohns Jland 
| where we killer 
os into the th 
night hoyow an 

end ok S. lohn: 
The; and 6 


i Op miards dict 


bp, for ſo their ci 
The 7 we lar 
© Yoguana, and 
© Gwathanelo lat 
| fate, ranne from 
| Ontheo we 
The 13 we la 
the Spantaros; et 
and funke, and ca 
take him away; u 
bowtoctes, and b. 
Onthe 14 we 
ona, About 5 leag 
end: betweene the 
mingo fleete doub 
S. Anthony. 

On Thinſdap b 
beat Saona, with v 
bales betweene 8. 
n Cape Tyburon, 
ftom Dominica bc 
thit Countrey and 
Aud, where the N 


lohn W bite, 


6’IIĩ ciate 
ourſe. There were 
Indies, at the ſpe. 


in Santa Crux ted, 
wham we hab 2 hüpböate 


erlebe Fee tes we aa Alegrinia ace ebene , 

gema: 1 a Di cundap the 5 f Apꝛil we Sane chale tos doubt fipboat; the which, we gilt the Came 
r thofe three thips 1 dap lougdt with, oke her, with iolſe ot tier of ert men dine; audone hurt. en 
Virginia (if it were : Du Pundap the 6 we faw Grand Canarie, and the next dap me landed and toohe in fret was 
charges vntohin, tet onthe Qpouchive thereof, | ot | e 
ie, and order tobe Onthe 9 we depatter from Stand Cattary, anpftamepour cotefe lh Domini 8 

bar he alleen Theis ef Am we Taw Pominies any the famenight we came to an anker on the South · 
Id take in, & tanl. lde thereokl. f a i 

ies to be landed in 4 May. 

d taken according 1 


was by the owne; 


he ſirſt of ay inthe mozning many of the Saly 


images came abood our thipsit their Cae 
els tranfported in ‘notes, and did traffique with vs; we alſo the ſame day landen and entered their Towne 
boy to attend yp5 from whence we returned che fame dap abooꝛd without anp reſiſtanee of the Saluages ; 02 an 
manders, as tothe offence done to them. f ö 
uch difcontented few 


rtunity to go ynto 
to goe to the de 
h Gouernors, Ma. 


lirginia; determi. hers Iland, bearing Noꝛtheaſt and by Catt off b. 
slues to feckeafier On the 4 we Caplen bythe d warde nen ub Loken Gants, lying at phe un endet 
fore we anuedet I S. lohas gland; and the fame day towards euening we landed vpon one of them called Blanca, 
r ſo foule, at ve here we killed an inctedible mimber of fouleg : here we taped but three houren, ¢ from thence 
lanters, with loſe He ttoon rita the thoze Roꝛchwen, and hating bꝛoughe this Aland Doutheatt off bs, We put towards 
of our ankersand night thozom an opening oz ſwatch, called The allage lying betwene the Mirgines, and the Ealt 
o be had aboord, end ok S. lohn : herethe Jo inneſſe left bs and fapled on che South five of S. Iohg. 
rance of the pn. Che 5 and s the Admiral lapled glong the Ronthlide of S. Iohn, fo neere the ſhoze that the 
g had benecb. Sp miards diſcerned vs to be men of warre; and ebcrefore made fives along the coaſt as we alles 
e might hauen. bp, for fo their cuſtome is, when they fee any men of warre on their coaſts. 
oiage to i. Che 7 we landed on the Nozthweſt end of S. lohn, where we wateren in a good riuer called 
eſſe to many asi. Voguana, and the lame night following we tooke a Frigate of kenne Tunne comming from 
fometotheplan. 7. Gwathanelo laden with hides and ginger, In this plate Pedro a Mollato » ho knewe all our 
Rcroffedvoyage, date, ranne from us to the Spaniards, 
that whereuntol On the 9 we departed from Yaguana, 
ereliefe of my dif Ther; we landed on an Jland called Mona, whereon were 10 0} 12 houſes inhabited of 
Mmighty,whoml the Spandaros; thele weburned @tooke from them a Punneſſe, which they had dawen a ground 
will & their good and {unke, and cartted all her Caples, mattes anvruppers into the woods, heraufe we ſpould nog 
ruary, 1593. fe takebimatwap ; we allo chaled the Spaniards ouer allthe Nand; but they hid them in caues hol 
i barockes, and buſhes, lo that we could not find them. 

ing fiend, Onthe 14 we veparten from Mona, and the nert vay after wee came to an Bland called Sa. 
Ini, ona, about 5 leagues diſtant from Mona, lying on the Douthſide of Hifpaniola netre the Eat 

st N an ee rs welap _~ On 4 oF 5 dapes, hoping to cake ſome of the Do. 

177 mingo llerte dvubling this Aland, ag a neerer toS 

dies and parts §. Eber : 9 80 


aine then by Cape Tyburon, 0) by Cape 


eliſt, and the Lite 
owed at the tips 
of Cape Cantyn, 
by Pinneſle of 
Iii 


, Tutbe er the Sentral came co the Tape I. uron, where we found the Iohn Euingeliftone: 
Dinnefe taping fo2 vs:here we tooke in two Spantards almoſt Garuen on the thope , woo made 
alter dur ſhips as tue patien by. Thole places for an 100 miles in lengeh are nothing eis but a 


deſolate, 


M. William 
Lane. 


Spaniſh fue 
gitiues. 


Edward Spicer, 


This fight 
was in fight 
ofthe Jland 
of Nauaza. 


The Enghith: Voyages, Nauigätions, MA. lohn lichite. 
delolate and meere wildernelle, without any pabitation of people, and full of wüde Buttes mm 
Bozes, and great Serpents. 1114 


Che agu wWinnelle gam allo to an anker in Aligate Bay at cane Tyburon. Perg webrder⸗ 
ftoongt h. lane, Captaine of the Nimneſſe bow he wenſet· mpon with ane of the dungs Oil 
belonging to Santo Domingo, which was manned with goo men, ha ae he han lowest wu 
him 3 02 4 houres, gaue quer the fight & forfooke lam. auithout any ee en 
The 26 The Iohn our iz admirall came to vs to cape Ay buron, and $ Gan which welel 
with him at Saona, This wg he appointen place tobere we ſpor io attend an the meeting wy, 
the Santo Domingo Fleete „ eb be best dad 0 

On Mbitlundap Euen at Cape Tyburon one of our hopes ranne amen from vs, and at ten 
dapes end returned to gu ſhins almoſt ſtarued fo: want of Coon, In ſund v places about this per 


N r 


of Cape Iyburon we found the bones ang car kales of diuers men, who ind periſbed (as be 


thought) bp famine in thole wood, being either llragled from their companp, oz landed there tp 
ſome men ok warre. 5 

June. 
32 the 14 of June we tooke a (inal Spanish frigat which fell amongt vs fo luddenlp, ase 
doubled the point at the Bap of Cape Tyburon, where we road, fo that he could not ef, 
vs. This Frigat came from Santo Domingo, and had but 3 men in her, the one was an erpen 
Pilot, the other a Pountainer, and the third a Gintener, who e(caped all out of patton at Santo 

Domingo yurpoſing to fly to Yaguana Which is acownein che Tek parts ol Hiſpaniola where 

many fugitive Spaniards are gathered together. ee 

The 17 being Mledneſdap Captaine Lane was ſent to Yaguana with his Pinnetle and a Fr): 
gat to take g ſhippe. which was there taking in kraigbt, as we vnderſtood by the old plot, whom 
we had taken thꝛee dapes before. 5 einige 100 g 

The 24 the Frigat returned from Captaine Lane at Yaguana, and byoughe bs wordto the 
Tyburon, that Captaine Lane had taken the (hippe, with manp pallengers and Negroez in te 
lame; which pꝛoued not fo rich a prise as we hoped koꝛ, loꝛ that a Frenchman ok warre hantekey 
and ſpopled her before we came, Neuerthelelle her loading was thought worth 1000 05 1300 
pounds, being hides, ginger, Cannaliſtula, Copper-pannes, and Calaut, 

Iuly. 

T De ſecond of July Edward Spicer whom we left in England tame to vs at Cape Tybuton, 

accompaniev with a lſmall Pinneſſe, whereof one P. Harps wae Captaine. Anche lame day 
we had fight of a fleete of 14 ſaile all of Santo Domingo , to whom we pꝛeſently gaue chale, ty: 
ther vpon the fir fight of vs fled, and ſeparating themlelues ſcattered here and there + here: 
fore we were forced to diuide our felues and lo made after them vntill 12 of the clocke at night, 
But then by reafon of the varkenelle we lot light of ech other, pet in the end the Aomitall any 
the Moonelight happened to be together the lame night at the fetching vp of the Uizaomtalck 
the Spanith fleece, againſt whom the next morning we fought and tooke him, with lolle of oneof 
our men and two hurt, and of theirs 4 flaine and 6 hurt. But what was become ok our Uiceadmi. 
rall, our IBinnelle, and ie, and two Frigates, in all this time, we were ignorant, 

The 3 ol July we (pent about rifling , romaging and fitting the Pꝛize to be lalled with bs, 

e 1 Gof July we lam lamayca the which we left on our larboozd, keeping Cubs in fighton 
our ſtarbood. 

Upon the 8 of July we ſaw the Blend of Pinos, which lieth on the Southſide of Cuba nigh ons 
tothe Med end op Cape called Cape S. Anthony. And the fame day we gaue chale toa Fug, 
but at night we loſt fight of her, partly by the ſlow layling of our Admirali, x lacke of the Moone. 
light our Pinneſle, whon Captaine Cooke had {ent to the Cape the day before, 

Onthe 11 we came to Cape S. Anthony, where we found our confozt the Moonelight and her 
Pinnefle abiding foz our comming, of whom we vnderſtood that the day befoze there paſſed by 


them 2 lalle, ſome of them of the burden of 300 and ſome 400 tunnes laden with the Kings IE 


treaſure from the maine, bound for Hauana; from this 11 of Gulp vntill 22 we were muthbe⸗ 
calmed: and the winde being very ſcarle, and the weather exceeding hoat, we were much pettes 
red with the Spaniards we had taken: wherefore we were dziuen to land all the Spaniards les 
uing tine, but the place where we landen them was of their omue choiſe an the Oontzlide of 
Cuba neere vnto the Organes and Rio de Puercos. a 

The 23 we had light ot the Cape of Florida, and the hoken lands therok called the * 


AA. 1 

The 27 
towards th 
op thdee dar 
Du Wu 
tied ol th 
Keil loade 


=. 


wtthin nil 


4 


ORE. 


pence of fio 
baut taken tl 
TChis chaſe b 
Mlatangas, u 
DODutihe ꝛc 
The 20% 
rent which ri 
ginia all alon 


ktuule, that we 
vniill Monday 
Dn mundoy 
bodmagaine 


e mile ok the ty 
QAeckot Wok 


the ſballow wa 
md thzee 02 fou 
Onthe 12 tr 
the Noztheaſt e 
F twoorthpee lea 
| Therz inth 
| byeach; our ſhip 
F gandaquatter,e 
found 5 fadome, 
ethen 4.echen g 
breach is in 25 0 
fret out of the m. 
‘Che 15 of au 
third, in fine fado 
we fa a great fi 
pere 1587, whic 
keturne out of En 
Che 16 and ng 
cSpanp with me.! 
Arour putting fre 
Fulton well lode: 
| Chat their repozte 
Chis was acroꝛ di 


lobn White. . lohn White. Traffiques and 


ifcoucries, 


wilde Bulleg any The 25 being 8. lames dap in the moaning! we fell wich the Matancas, a head · land 8 leagues 
8 > cowarns the Catt oftlauana, where we purpoled to cane freth mater in, and make our abode o 
n. webnder. 1 op thee Daypes. ; I 
| W Sunday the 26 of Jul lying too and fro betweene the Mata as and Hauana, we were 
on tea boone a al 1 Pinne al S. lohn de Vilua bound for Havens » which were exteeding 
one on eyther 3 40 leaden, Theſe 3 Pinnaſſes came very bololy vp unto vs, and ſocontinued vntill they came 
rigat hich wei within lber woc Of vs. And wel ddem to be Captaine Harps pinneſſe, and tino ſmall 
the meeting wu} a igats taken by Captaine Harpe : toberefore we ſhewed our flag, But they pefenelp vyon the 
e Ba rie turned about ¢ mabe all the (aile they could from vs toward the (hore, ¢ kept :hE(elueg 
om bs, and atm fit (hallo water, that we were not able to follow them, and cherefope gaue them ouer with ere 
ces about this m 1 75 of (hot ¢ pouder tone purpoſe. But if we had not ia rathip let out our flagge, wee might 
pertthen (os be taken them all chaee, foz they would not haue knowen vs before tbey had bene in dur bande, 
or landed chere / cts chaſe bꝛought vs lo far to lee ward as Hauana:toberfone not finding any of our conſozt at b 
: Matancas, we put ouer again to the cape of Flonda, c from thence thoꝛom the chanel ol Bahama, 
PODuythe 28 the Cape of Florida bare Melt off vs. 
95 a Che 20 we lolt fighe of the coat of Florida, and toad to Mea fo) to gaine the helpe of the cur · 
Jo luden, se kent which runneth much Cwifter a karre off chen in fight of the coat, For from the Cape to Vir. The Rate of 
ye could not elge © piniaallalong the (hope ate none but eddie currents ſettung to the South and Bouthwelt. from the cage 
ne was an em 8 Che 31 out ches Chips mere tlearelp difbochen,the great pipe, the Admiral. and the Moone. n 
of paifon at Se dine, but our paige being thus difbocke departed from vs without taking leaue of our Admi⸗ 
Hiſpaniola uh: J 4 rallop confozt ,and fapled virectiy fo; England, ae 
pinneſſe anda n : Auguſt. N 
u 6 5 
Io 5 the firit of Auguſk the winde leanten, and from thence lol ward e Had bery foiple weas 
6 905 17 6 Oer 220 much caine , thundering, and great ſpouts, which fell round about vs nigh vnto 
ht vs twordto tye our chips. ay 
# 5 Roope againe in op che (hore, and at midday we touke the height u the lame. Che 
1 5 5 Pith : 51 sat place aie 45 5 of latitude. Towards night we were within chee 
ith 1000 02 1300 ꝗ lesgues of the Low Candie lands Met of Wokokon. But the weather continued ſo exceeding g Na 
> foitle, that we could not tome ta an ander hpe the coat: therefore we toon off againe to Ses Bah ot We. 
will Monday the g of Augult. f n 
. uss hn the hd we had very great likelthood of faire weather: therefore we 
0 aine foz che ſhoze : & came to an anker at 11 favome in z; degrees of latitude, within They lund t 
it Tape Tybuon, waodmagaine for i 
. Andche men a mile of che Hore, where we went on land on the natrow Canby land, being one af the Alandes 35 Degrees, 
" aue chate : ceueckot Wokokon: in this Aland we coke in fome kreſh water and caught great fore of Ath in 
1 61 5 Ur- the allow water, Vetweene che maine (as we ſuppoled) and that land it was but a nile ouer 
ve clocke at hight, mbelpec 02 foure foote beepe in mot places, 
the Admitall Ww On the 12 in the moꝛning we departen from thente and toward night we came to an anker at 
he Uizadmillck the Roptheatt end of che Jland of Croaroan, by reafon of a hꝛeach which we perceiued to lie out #9 breach 2 0; 
wich iolſe of oneot two ede leagues into the Sea: here we road all that night, 
ok our Cliceani: 
ant. 
fatten with bs. 
Cuba in fighton 
of Cubanigh ons 
chaſe to a Frigit, 
" 15 of Augut towards Eu 
e tim ni fabom Water, thee leagues from the (hore, At our fir cöming to anker on this hope der C a fret. 
a light ande we law a great ſmoke riſe in the Ble Raonoak necre the place where Alelt our Colony in the 
letzen gal bp bverre : e pe put vs in good hope that ſome sf the Colonp were there exyerting my 
; N keturne out of Englan 0 
: 5 1 5 15 Che 16 and at mogning our 2 boates went a hore, ¢ Captain Cooke,¢ Cap,Spicer,e theit 
we : chpetiee clhany with me, with intent to palle to the place at Raonoak where our countreymen were left. 2 
rat hace A our putting Fromtehe thip we cammended our Haller qunnerco make reaote 2 Hinions and a [oH 
be 2 — i Felton well loden, and to boor them of with reafonable pace betwtene enerp thot, tothe ende 
15 bn theie repoztes might bee heard to the place where wer hoped to finde ſume of our people, 
led the * This was accopvingty performed, ¢ our twoe boats put off vnto the (hore , inthe Adnurals 9 


292 TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, A/.Jobn White, | 


we founded all the way and found from our ſhippe vntill me came within a mile of the ſhche ning 
— — beloge me were haife wap betweerne our tips and the thore be fay 
another great ſmoke to the Souchiwell of Kindrikers mountes : we therefoze thought geod 1, 
Soe to chat ſerand ſmobe fick: but it was much further from the harbour where landed, then 
Cherland. ue ſuppoſed it tu be, fo chat we were very Lope tired before wee came ta che mph. But thas 
wich grieued vs moze was that when we came to the ſmokt, we found no man nos Ligne thy 
anp ban bene there latelp, no pet anp krec water in all this muy to Dpinke. Being thus wenig 
witz this iourney we returned ta the harbour where tne let our boates , who in ous abfence uy 
bꝛougbt their calke a ſboxe for fret water, fo wwe deferred out going to Roanoak until the n 
moꝛuing, and tauſed ſome of thoſe fapters to digꝑe in thafe fannie billes fog freſh water wher, 
Fand water | of we fomtd verp Culficient, Chat night wee Feturned.aboogd with our boates and out wöch. 
wie. ohe esl a being the 17 of Augutt, dur taten and company were prepared gun! den, and le 
guewpte Roanoak , but Captaine Spicer bap then fent bis beat athope fob kreſp cer, hymeng rd ver 
thereofit was ten of the clocke alo:enoone befoetue put from our hips which were then cum made toy 
toan anker within two miles of the fore, The Admirals boat was halte way toward the fully binven 
hen Captaine Spicer put off from bis hip, Che Aomirals boat firk patied the breach „bm ny cf mp sbi 
without fome danger of inking, foz we bad a fea byake into aur boat which filled vs halte fully appicunes 
water, but by the will of God and carefull Rprage of Coptaine Cooke we came fate athore ue. 0 ror 
onelp that our furniture. victuals, match and poloder iert much wet and (poplin, For arty peulk, who b 
time the winde blue at Mopebealt and direct into the harbour fo great a gale ,that the Soca bu n 
extremelp on the harre, and the tide went very forcibly at the entrance. By chat tune dur and IE asin tate 
rals boate was halle atheze, and moſt of our things taken out ta by, Captame Spicercamey eee 
the entrance ol the breach with dis matt ſtanding bp, and was halle haſſed duer, but by the 90 4 
and vndiſcreet ſtyꝛage of Ralph Skinner bis Watters mate 5a ber dangerous Weg ham 
their boate and ouerlet them quite, the ien kept the boas ſe me in it, and lame banging onit, wg 
thenert fea fet the boat on ground, where it beat lo, that Come of him were Fopced to let gte 
hold, hoping to wave aſboze, but the Sea hilt beat them dohme ſotbat they could neither uam 
ſwimme, ano the boat tmiſe oz thrile was turned the keele bptuerp; oberon Captaine Spicera 
-daptaine spi. Skinner hung vntill they ſunke, ¢ were feene no mone, But foure that could umme a lule hey 
cr boned. theme lues in deeper water and du re laued bp Captain Cookes meancs, wo lo foone as he (ay 
thetr ouerſetting. tripped bimfelfe and foure other thot could lwimme very well, G wich all bur 
poſũible rowed unto them, ¢ ſaued foure, Chey were a i i in all.9 7 of the thic fet were do bn 
whofe names were Edward Spicer, Ralph Skinner, Edward Kelley, Thomas Beuis, Hance ty 
Spurgion, Edward Kelborne, Robert Coleman, This miſchante bid ſo much didcorrfon thefap 
lers chat they were all ofone mind not to goe any further to leeke the planters, But in the eu y i 
the commandemec· t e perl waſlon of me and Captain Cooke. they prepared the boates ; att > towep anchop, 
ing the Captaine and me fo reſolute, they Ceemed much moꝛe willing. Dur boates and all wine was good 
litten againe, we put off from Hstorask, being the number of ig perſons in both boates: bir be nd pntill our re 
koze we could get tothe place, where our planters were left , it was fo exceeding darke, tbat be Almoſt apecke,th 
onerthot the place a quarter ofa mile: there we eſpied towards the orth endofehe Tlannpligh RY 0 kali the tye 
of a great fire throw the woods, to the which we prefently rowed: when wee came rizhe aun that the Sbippe 
Saint it, we let fall our Grapnel neere the thope,e founded witha trumpet a Call, x afterwemes Ripe she Cables 
many familiar Cnglith tunes of Songs, and called to them kriendip; but we had no alwi, ne beeper water, elo 
therefore landed at dap-bꝛeake, and cing to the fire, we found the grafle ¢ fundop roccentrees the popue that tp 
burning about the place, From hence we went thoꝛow che woods to that part of the Aland tirett: He banners, and gutt 
ly ouer againſt Da epi ee from thence we returned by the water fide, round abouttze and Anrhoy let bs 
Hoꝛthpoint of the Aland, bntill we came to the place where 2 left our Colonp in the pere 1586, on catke and fret 
An all chis wap we lab in the fann the print ofthe Saluares fert of 2 02 3 opts troaden j nig | Come other lande 
and as we entred vp che ſandg banke vpon a tree in the very Leatwe thereot were tur iouſiy card ld amp wapes f 
thele faire Romane letters C R Oꝛ which letters pꝛe lentiy we knew to ſigniſie the place, where Toho, 0p Trynidad 
Ichould fino the planters ſeated, acconding to a Cecret token agreed vpon bertocene chem ¢ meat E lopetomake 2, ric 
my laũ departure fr5 them tubich wan chat in any tapes they thouto not falle to wite op cm n caaine and the wh 
the trees oꝛ poſts of the dozes the name of the place where they ſhould be feacen ; for at mp coming (othat it refed on 
mut ther were mepared to remeue from Roanoak so miles into the maine, Therefore ae enn. But Dien 
departure from chemin An. 158) J tuilles them, that if they Goulo happen to be diltreſſed in B thepaleugeuthae et 
of thoſe plates, that then they thenin carue oer the leteers on n. C colle :. in this Sate, bat hight we parte, leg 
we found no ſuch ligne of wann cueln Tryndad, 


„ 


„ 293 
and the piace very 


eat tr rs very Fozt. like, 
abt ine of the enerame hadthe barke taken off, and 
s-foote From the ground in fapze Capitall letters was ATOA ith 


’ Falkaus and mall Oꝛdi⸗ 
at my departure kromthem. At our returne from the Creeke, 

6 ve vs that they had kund where pier ches bas bene hib. 
den, and long fichence digged vp againe and broken vp and much of the gopog in them ſpoyled 
AB the Sauages knew any vle of, vndefaced. 
o the place, which was in 


ende of an olde trench, 
where wee found fine Chelts, that had bene cate⸗ 
fully bidden of the Mlanters, and of the fame ¢ 


bets thꝛee were my olpnes and about the place ma⸗ 

ny of mythings ſpopled and bꝛoken, and mp bool from the couers, the frames of ſomeat 

mp pictures and Mappes rotten and ſpopled with rapne, and my armour almoſt eaten throug 

| withrul; this could bee no other but the deede of the Sauages our enenues at Dafaméngiwen 
peuk, who had watched the departure of aur mento Croatoan; and allooneas they wer 

bigged op euerp place where thep uſpected any thing to be buried > but although it much grie⸗ 

uedme to ſee ſuch ſpople of my goods yet on the other fide J Greatly iayed that J had ſ afe ly found 

75 Foatoan , which is the place where Mant 

Ma and the Sauages of the Jland our friends. 0 ute v 


thoy, 
the bacach , but ny 
led vs halte fully 
Tale it 
open. Foz at 
hat the Bea lun 
hat time our Aud 
. 
er, but by the rap 
us Ota Hatha 
banging onit by 
ced to let coe they 
D neither dum 
aptaineS 5 
vumme a 
ſo ſoone as he (ay 
ell, h with all at 
t were donn 
Beuis, Hance i 
dilcomkozt thetay 
But in the enn by 
eboates ; antes 
ates and all 
ch boates : berbe⸗ 
ng Darke, that be 
the anv p light 
tame right out y 
all, & after weroes 
d no anfluere, we 
NDI rotten trees 
the land direct 
, Found about the 
ache peere 1586 
troaden p night, 
r curioutly tam 
the place, where 
ene them e mea 
wiite o cm; 
a 
Therefore 
e diſtrelſed in ax 
— 
toward f 
wert 


t hand of the Darbour to 
i r men. who had filled our cafke with freſh w 
> returned aboard wich our men, but all our C 


B 
al he ready filled they left behinde, 
| bad aboard without danger of cart; J 


4 Green bythe Captaine and my ſelfe, with the 
to wey anchop, and gor foꝛ the pl 


Malter and others, 
: fop that then the 


3 6 On 


F · 
kr. u 


— — .!— — — 
294 The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, AMA. fobn White, 


VVV 

On the 28. the winde changed, and it was (cice on foule weather cuerp way: but this Nome 
bꝛought the winde Men and Nozchweſt, anv blewe ſo kozcibly, that wee were able to beate 
no laple, but out fore-courfe halle matt high, wherewith wee ranne vpon the winde perforce, the 
due courſe for England, fop that wee were dꝛyuen to change our fir® determination ko Tryni. 
dad, and ſtoode fox the Tlands of Acores, where mee purpoſed to take in freſh water, and allo 


there hoped to mecte wich fome Engliſh men ol watre about thole Alands, at whofe hands wer 


might obtaine ſome ſupply of our wants, And thus continuing our coutſe fo the Acores, ome 
times with calmes, and lometunes with verp ſrarte windes, on the fifteenth of September the 


winde came South Woutheaſt, and ble w ſo exceedingip, that wee were forced to tye atry all thar 


dap. At this time by nt count we tudged our ſelues to be about cwentie leagues to the Tcttof 


Cuetuo and Flores, but about night ihe ſtonne ceafeo,and fapre weather enſued. 

On Churſdap the ſtuenteenth wee law Cueruo and Flores , but we could not come to anker 
that night, by realon the winde ſhifted. The next Mozning being che eightcenth , Canding ina: 
gaine with Cueruo, we eſcryed a ſaple ahead vs, to whom we gaue chaſe: but when wee cant 
neere him, we knew him to be a Spanpard, and hoped to make ſure purchale of him; but we vn 
derſtood at our {peaking wir him, that he was a prize and of the Domingo flecte already taken 
by the lohn our conſozt, in the Indies. Cle learned alſo oł thie prize , that our Niceadmirall a 
Pinniſſe had fought with che reſt ol the Domingo fleete , and had forced them with their Ani 
tall to flee vnto Iamaica vnder the Foꝛt fo ſuccour, and ſome of them ran themſelues agroum, 
whereok one of ihem they byought awap, and tooke out of ſome others fo n uch as the time won 
permit. And further wee vnderſtood or them; that intbeir returne from Iamaica about the 0;. 
ganesneere Cape Saint Anthony, our Uiceadniirall mette with two Sbippes of the mnapne 
land, come from Mexico, bound for Hauana, with whom he fought; in which fight our Ucar 
mirals Lieutenant was llame, and the Captaines right arme ſtrooken nf, with koure other of bis 
men llaine, and lixterne hurt. But in the ende he entted, and tocke one of the Spaniſh thipyrs, 
which was lo Cope thot by vs vnder water, that before they tould take out her trealure, the linge, 
fo that we loſt thirteene Pipes of liluer which Canke wih her, befives much other rich nurchane 
dize. And in the meane time the other Spaniſh Hippe being pearced with nine ſhotte vnder tng: 
tet, got away; whom our Uiceadmirall intended to purſue: but ſome ok their men in the toppe 
made tertaine rockes, which they faw aboue water neere the choare, to be Gallies of Hauana d 
Cartagena, comming from Hauana to reſcue the two Ships; Therefore they gaue ouer their 
chale, and went foz England. After this intelligente was giuen vs by this our prise, he depuntd 
from vs, and went fo England. ; 

On Saturday the 19,0f September we tame to an Ancre neere a ſmall village on the Arth 
five of Flores, where we found ryding 3 · Englich men of warre, of whom wee vnderſtoed thatour 
Uiceadmirall and Pꝛize were gone thence fox England, One oktheſe ſiue was the Moonelight 
our contort, who vpon the lirſt light of our comming into Flores, ſet faple and went fo2 England, 
not taking any leaue ol vs. e 

On Sunday the 20. the Mary Roſe, Admirall of the Queenes fleete, wherein was General 
Sir Iohn Hawkins, ſtood in with Flores, and diuers other of the Queenes ſhips, namelp the Hope, 
the Nonpareilia,the Rainebo w. the Swiftefure, the Foreſight, withmanp other good merchants 
chips of warre, as the Edward Bonauenture, the Marc hant Royal, the Amitie, the Eagle, the 
Dainty of fit lohn Hawkins, and manp other good chips and pinnilles, all attending to miete with 
the king of Spaines fleete, comming from Terra firma ok the Meſt Indies. 

Che 22. o Sey tember we went aboard the Raynebo w and to wardz night we ſpake with he 
Swift ſute, aud gaue him 3. pieces. Che captaines defiren our company; wherekoze we willingly 
attendedon them: who at this time with 10. other thips ſtood fox Faial. But the Generall with 
the rel 105 Fleete were leparated From vs, making two Hlectes,for the ſurer meeting withthe 
Spaniſb fleete. 

on Medneſdey che 23. we ſam Gratioſa, where the Amit al and the reſt of the Queens fleete 


were come together. The Apmirall put forth a flag of tounſel, in which was determined thatthe je 


whole flecte ſould go fo the mayne, and (pred themlelues on the coatts of Spaine and Portugal, 
ſo karre as conuenientlp they might, for the ſurer meeting of the Span iſh fleete in thoſe parts, 
Che 26. we came to Faial, where the Admiral with fome other ok the flerte ankred, otherlomt 
plyed vp and done betweene that and the Pico vntill mionight, at which time the Antony thet 
off apiece and mepen chewing his light: after wham the whole fleete ſtood tothe Cal, the inde 
at Ropthealk by Caf, 
On Sundap the 27. towards Euening wee tooke our leaue of the Admirall and bad 70 
U 


flotte, whe 
S. George 

On du. 
not atteine 
kramed out 


The relatio 
of his! 


| Seo 
them in all poyn 
dtoaſt ok Spaine, . 
terwards witht 
ecute the nauige 


The 17. of Ja 
by the fle of Mac 


mother thip · mi 


with afaire Catt 
duertaken wich a 


une helpe and me 


with the good hap 
lotued our courte e 
there we difcoue 
at the fir light it 
led by the great fit 
etched to the S 


whmeknowledge 
f tthe Southward 


Sit (clues ttoubled 
alt anthoꝛ vpon th 
tame coche Sea ſid 


ohn White. 


Fobn de Verrax~xano, Traffiques, and Biſcou erie 


8. 295 
Ds but this dome lebte, who toon to the Call. But our hippe accompanied with a Flyboate ſtoode in againe with oe 
ere able to beare S George, where we purpoſed to take in moze freth water, and ſome other fret bictualg, 
inde perforce, the ' On Medneſdap the 30,0f September, leeing the winde hang fo Noztherly, 
ination for Ty i. 


t atteine the Aland ol 8. George, 
fame our due courte fo, England, 


that wee could 


we gaue ouer our purpoſe to water there, and the next day 


h water, and allo 


whofe n wer October. 

be Acores, formes 5 e 2 of October in the Moꝛning we law S. Michaels Aland on our Otarre board uarter. 
ol 19 — N 5 T° The 23. at 10. of the 5 6 latte ie Vihantin Britaigne, : 

to ye a R On Saturday che 24. we came in lalet e, God be lhanked 

es ko the Nlclk 

6 


to an anker at Blymmouth. 
‘a 


prise, he departey 


) the tempeſt in the Nozth partes, of the ſucceſle ofthe for 


1 dad CERTAINE VOYAGES 10 FLORIDA, AN D 
eee the later and more perfect diſcoueries thereof, to wit „ of all 
k bim; but we un the Seacoaſts, Riuers, Bayes, 

ecte already taken 

Giceadsmirarl any 

with their Ad. 

emſelues agro, ure of the climate, and of the 

asthe time would manifolde good commodities 

aica about the O.. found in thoſe regions. 

pes of the mne 

pfight our Nice, TO THE MOST CHRISTIAN 

b keure other of bis 9 King of France, Francis the 

 Spantth thippes, 15 fut, 

ee a 

ther rich nur The relation of John de bat ano 2 Florentine, of the land by him difcouered in the name 
W. te ome 1 of his Maieſtie. Written in Diepe the eight of luly, 15 2 4. . 
lies of Hauana my ' Msdtenot to your Daietty, moſt Chaittian king, ſincet 

ey gaue ouer thir 5 


a \ At Pour 9p cean, thinking pour 
Paieſtie had bene already duely enfozmed thereof, Mow by theſe pꝛeſents 

lage on the Nut Sr, T willgiue pour Paieſtie to understand, how by the violence of the windes 
nderttoon thatour ») we were forcen with the two N 
8 the Moonelight EAD cui 
vent foz Enoland, 
tein was General é rie of new Countries, to pꝛo⸗ 
namely the Hope, ö ö gun, which J purpoſe at this pꝛelent to recount vnto your 
er good merchants MPaieſtie, to make manifeſt the whole pꝛoceeding of the matter. 
ie, the Eagle, e 


ding to meete with 


Ther. ol January the peere x 524. bythe grace of Go 
thei 


by ttle of Madera, apperteining to the king of Portugal, with FO.InEN, with victuals, weapons 


3 e 
and other ſhip · munitian bery well pꝛouided ¢ furniſhed oz S. moneths: And ſayling Meſtwards Made Z 
we ſpake with the with afaire Catterly winde, in 2 5. dayes we ran 50. leagues, and the 20. ok Febzuarie we were 
cloze me willingly i duertaten with as ſharpe and terrible a tempelt as euer any faplers ſuffered: whereof with the di⸗ 
theGenerall ith f vine helpe andmertifall alliance of Almighty God, and the ‚ 
meeting withthe with 
Febe Queens feete 
8 that the 
une and Portugal, 
ein thoſe parts, 
mkred, otherlome 
e the Antony thet rds the jz 
he Caf, the winde out kites troubled with the like vifficultie. At length being in deſpaire to finde any oz, wee 
talt anchoꝛ vpon the coalt. and ſent our Voate to ſhoze, where we law great ſtoꝛe of people which 
drat and 1 i Fame coche Sea fine; and Ceeing bs appzoch 


they fled away, and Cometintes would ſtand ſtill and 
Bb 2 looke 


| 
i 
1 


. 296 


34. Degrees. 


deth to the 


grees o 
tude. 


Courteous 
and gentle 
people. 


The coaſt tren. 
alk in 34. Des 
fF lacie 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. John deVerraxxano, 


looke backe, beholding vs with great adnuration: but afterwards being animated and allured 
with fignes that we made them, ſome of them came hard to the pea five, ſerming to reioyce ver 
much at the tight of vs, and marueiling greatly at our apparel, bape and whitenelle, ſhewed bs by 
fundop fiqnes where we might molt commodiouſly come aland wit hour Boat, offering vs alfoof 
their victuals to eate. Now % wil bzie fly declare to pour Maie ſtie their life and maners, as larre 
as we could haue notite thereof: Chele people goe altogether naked, exceyt only that they couer 
their pꝛiuie parts with certaine Chins of bealls like vnto Marterns, which thep fatten vnto a nar: 
row girdle made of gralle very artificially wrought, banged about with taples of diuers other 
Deattes:, which round about thtir bodies hang Dangling Downe to their knees. Dome of them 
weare garlands of byꝛdes feathers. The people are of colour rulſet, and not much vnlike the 
Saracens: their hapze blacke, thicke and not very long, which they tye together in a knot behind 
and Weare it like a litie tale. They are Well featured in iheir limbes, ok me ane ſtature, and com 
monly ſomewhat bigger then we: broad bycatted,Arong armed, their legs and other parts of their 
bodies well fachioned, and they are viſfigured in nothing, fauing that they haue ſome what broade 
vilages, and pet not all of them: koz we law many of them wel fauoured,bauing blacke and crea 
eyes, with a cheerekull and ſ e adp looke, not ſtrong of bodp, pet ſbarpe witted, nymble and ercce: 
ding great runners, as fare as we could lrarne bp experience, and in thoſe tho Lat qualities they 
are like to the people: “ie Ealt partes of the wozlo, and eſpecially to them of the vttermoſt parts 
ok China. Ide could not learne ok this people their maner of liuing, nog their particular customs, 
pyreaton ok the hort above we made on the hoe, our company being but (mall, and our thiprys 
ding karre off in the Sea. And not karre from thefe wee found another people, who ſe liuing ure 
thinke to br like vnto theirs; (as hereafter J wil declare nto pour Maiellie) ſhe wing at this p 
fent the ſituation and nature ofthe forefapd land. The ſhoare is all tor er with ſimall land, any 
fo altendeth vpwards for the {pace of 13. koote riling in foyme of litle hils about 50, pates hon. 
And lapling forwards, we found certaine mall Rivers and armes of the Sea, that fall Downe by 
tertaine creckes, waſhing the thoare on both fines as the coat lyeth. And b. pond this we lun the 
open Countrep riſing in height aboue the landie Hoare with many faire fields and plaines, fullof 
migbtie great woods, ſome very thicke, and lome thinne, repleniſhed with diners forts of trets.as 
plealant and delectable to behold, as is polſible to ne. And pour Maieſty map not thinketht 
thefe are like the woods ol Hercynia oz the wilde delerts ok Tartary, and the Moztherne coals 
full of fruitleſſe trees: But they are full of Palme trees, Bap trees and higb Cypꝛeſſe trees m 
many other fortes of trees vnknowen in Europe, which petio moſtſweete fatter. farre fromtte 
ſhoare, the pꝛopertie whercof vie could not learne foꝛ the cauſe afoꝛeſaid, and not fo any difficulty 
to palfe though the woods, ſeeing ihey are not fo thicke but that a man may palle through them, 
either doe we thinke that they partaking ofthe Cal world round about them, are altogeer 
voyd of dꝛugs op ſpicerp, and other riches of golve, ſeeing the colour of the land doth ſo muchetgur 
it. Ind the land is full of many beaſtes, as Stags, Deere and Wares, and likewiſe of Lats und 
Pooles ok fret water, with great plentie ol Fowles, conuenient cz all kinde of pleafant game. 
This land is in latitude 3 4. degrees, with good and wholeſome apze, temperate, betweene hot as 
tolde, no vehement windes doe blowe in thole Regions , and thole that doe commontp reigneit 
thoſe coats, are the Nozthweſt and TAleſt windes in the ſummer ſealon, (in the beginning wher 
ok we were there) the ſkie tleere and kaire with very litle raine: and ik at any time the ape be cla 
die and miſtie with the Southerne winde, immedlatlp it is diſloluen and wareth cleere and faye 
againe. The Sea is calme, not boyſterous, the wanes gentle: and although all the hope be ſunt· 
what ſholde and without harbozough, pet is it not dangerous to the ſaplers, being free from rocks 
and deepe, lo that within 4,02 5.foote of the ſhoze, there is 20. foote detpe of water without toben 
flood, the depth Mill increafing in ſuch vntfozme proportion, Thereis very good rpbing at Sei: 
for any thip being ſhaken in a tempelt, can neuer periſh there by breaking of her cables, whith we 
haue pꝛoued by experience, F op in the beginning of March (as it is vluall in all regions) being it 
the Sea oppꝛeſled with Moꝛtherne windes, and ryding there, wee found our ancho? broken befoye 
the earth fapled op moouen at all. Ille veparcen from this place til running along the toaſt, which 
we found to trend toward the E aſt e we law euerp where very great ſires, by reaſon of the multi 
tude ofthe inhabitants. LUbile we rode on that coat, partly becauſe it had no harboꝛough . ano oy 
that we wanted water, we ſent eur boat aſhoare with 25. men: where by realon ok great and cow 
tinuall wautes that beat ag ainſt the ſyoare, being an open Coaſt, without fuccour, none of our men 


could polliblp goe athoare without looling our boate, ECice Caw there many people which caine | 


vnto the ſhoare making diuers lignes of kriendſhip, and ſhewing that they were content weſhond 
come aland, and by trial we found them to be verp courteous and gentle, as pour e 


derſtand l 
monlp de 
mu one o 
the ſhoze n 
was with 
almolt dea 
him a litle 
mated, beg. 
company h. 
ground at t 
matueiling 

great fire, n. 
him at that f 
flayed a whi 
they with gr 
ſea, and to pu 
beholding bit 
theſe are ofce 
ſcature, hand 
ther we obfer 
Departin, 
leagues {pace 

v Woreat, wher 
men aland, wh 
fledto the woe 
peeeres olde, wi 
ried two Inkar 
man was lader 
| theolbe woman 
 Guietehem and 


. not polſibly, foꝛ 
woods to paſſe 


ung clad with cer 
1 ok wilde hempe: 
np loode is of p 
good and pleaſan 
and bowes made 
heatts, The braſt 
alp chaſed and hu 
hoad, which are 1 
dountrey faz the i 
be ethemtelues 
boat; the like they! 
nd és in ſituation 
fullof diners Coats 
Ge faw inthis 
the trees as they 
without all vottbt i 
of apes, which was 
eheeme the lame st 

Sctomine round 
Aue found alſo re 
flowers different fry 
land ind we iudge by 


ne, 
rrax x ano, 


1ated and allured 
g to reiopte ver 
lle, hewed vs by 
fering vs alfoof 
Maners,asfarre 
y that they couer 
alten vnto a nar: 
of diuers other 
Dome of them 
much vnlike the 
in a knot behind 
ſtature, and com 
ber parts of their 
ſome what broane 
blacke and grea 
mble and erctt 
alt qualities they 
evttermoſt pars 
ticulat cutters, 
and our fhiprys 
who ſe liuing ue 
wing at this pies 
hfinatl Cand, anp 
50. paces boa, 
hat fall Downe by 
1D this we ſunthe 
wplaines, fullof 
forts of trees.as 
ap not chinke thet 
Moztherne coals 
‘ppretie trees a 
. fare fromthe 
for anp difficulty 
Ale through them, 
n, are altogether 
oth ſo muchergur 
wife of H akes ud 
of pleafant game, 
betweene ham 
mmonlp reignein 
beginning whert 
e the ayne be chu 
h cleere and fame 
the hope be (ones 
if free From cocks 
re without chbe or 
iD rpding at Set: 
cables, which we 
regions) betng in 
bop byoken befne 
g the coat, which 
safon of the mult. 
rbozounh, a fo} 
nok great and cone 
, none of our mem 


pople twbich ait | 


content we fhould 


& h stterhadh od da in Lombardie, which if by huſbandme 


nega ates diferent frum ours, 0 — (8 Nerbes 
aieſtie 
0 derltam 


—— 


Fon de Verraxxano, Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


* 297 


derftand by the ſucceſſe. Co the i 
an . intent we might ſendt 
monty delice and eſteeme, as ſheetes of pape ; = mo ens buch 


e ſhoze, nat trulling them caſt the thin s bpon : ˖ 

— with (uch violence of the waues . e be wan tern 
almolt dead: which the Indians perceiuing, 
bima litle wap off from the ſea. 
maied, began then greatly to keare, and crie 
company him, 


matueiling at the whiteneſſe of his flech: And putt f 
great ſre not without our great feare which remap otbes, hep made i 
him at that fire, and haue eaten bim. T 


ok meane 
but of pꝛompt wit: far 


toward the Noꝛth, in 0 Ter run $0, 
ſbewed mut j i i 
rp great, where we rove at anker: and that we might ha kme aan 2 5 


and behind her ne beolne woman ca: 
m was laden like wife with as many: bind bec necke achily of 8.peeres aide. The 


: ng woman which was very bea 1 ih 
EEE those: eet? 
‘ eing karre from the ſhip, we 

0 p. Me found hole falke to be 15 Ur eben tea ene 5 
; mig clao ith certaine teaues thar bang on boughs of 
4 bene: their heads were trutfep bpafter th 


8 
2 
z 
8 


and hunted. 
Mond which are not made with yꝛon o ftone, 24nd 4. foote 
countrey fo he (pace of aco.teauues mi De ane ene metal (becantet 
belpe themlelues with fre, burn 


| bwin nor msk the rnc etbefoncpare cae 


niktuation,coodnes and faivenetie like the other: tepath woods lt dollow 
fulloFoinets fonts of trees: but not lo lu . demie tobe et thine and Peete sex 
(Ge fawin this Countrey i . — 8 Motherly and colde, dre. 10 


doubt they would ineg : A ö good ozder, bac of Lon. 
* —. 0 peeld excellent wines: for bauing oftentines feene the die 
eltermethe lame, becaule 


chesgrowing round about, chat t e fruit theres 
2˙ nd alſa roſes, vi : 1 


: ue not ' | 
Pane unge bp mpg ec eth tae epee oe erecta 


they are ol wood of trees framed together. 
3 6 3 ce 


298 


100. cages 
fapling, 


% nughtp ri⸗ 
uct. 


People clad 
with feathers 
of ditiers co 
fou. 


The pleafant: 
hes anu riches 
of the land. 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. John de Verax x ano. 


Ae doe beleeue alfa by many coniectures and ſignes, that many ol them ſle eping in theficlos, 
haue no other touert then the open dy. Further knowledge haue we not of them: we thinke that 
all che reſt whofe countreps we palled, line all alter one mancr, Dating made our aboade three 
dayes in this country, and ryding on the cooſt for want ok harbozoughs, we concluded to depart 
from hence trending along che fore betweene the orth and the Ca, layling onelp in the vaps 
time, and riding at anker by night. In the {pace of 100 leagues lapling we found a very plealant 
place ficuated amongſt tertaine litle leepe hills: krom amidlt the which bis there ran do wne into 
ihe leaan ertceding great ſercme ok water, which win the mouth was very deepe, x From the feat 
the mouth of the ſame with p ride which we foundto rife ð. koote. auy great ſhip laden map palle vp. 

ut becaule we rode at au ker ma place well fenced from the wind, we would not venture our 
ſelues without knowledge of the place: and we palled vp with our boat onelp into the lapd Riuer, 
and law the ccuntrep very well peoples, The people are almoſt like vnto the others, and are clay 
with the feathers of fowles of diuers colours: they came towards vs very cheerefulip, ming 
gecat ſyowts of admiration; hewing vs where we might come to land moſt ſakely with our boat. 
Me entred vp the (aio riuer into the land about halke a league, where it made a moſt plealant lake 
about z. leagues in tompalle: on the which they tower from the one ſide to the other to the num 
ber of 30. ok their (all boats, wherein were many people which palled from one (hope tothe os 
ther to come and lee vs. And behold vpon the Cuopen(as tt is woont to fall out in Cayling)aconitas 
ry flaw of wind comming from the lea, we were inforced to returne to our Chip, leauing this lante 
to dur great difcantentment,for the great commodity and pleafantnelle thercok, which we ſuppele 
is not without ſome riches, all the hils ſhewing minerall matters in them. Me weped anker, and 


The coarttrene ſapled toward the Eaſt, foz ſo ihe coalt trended, and fo alwayes fo) 50. leagues being in the light 


deih to the 
Eat, 

he beleriptis 
on ot Claudia 
Bland, cone 
leagues tro 
the mapue. 
Claudia was 


thereof, we dilrouered an Aland in forme oka triangle; viſtant from che maine land 10. lcagucg. . 
bout thebignelle ol the Nand of the Rhodes: it was full of hils couered with trees, well peopicn, 
for we law fires all along the taalt: woe gaue tt the name ol pour Male dies mother, not Raping 
there by reaſon of the weather being contrary, 

And we came to another land being 15 leagues diſtant from the Mand, where we found apt 


motherot hing fing good hauen, wherem being entered, we found about 20. mall boats of the people, whicu with 


Francis. 


4 patinggosd Ditters cries and wondzings came about our Chip, comming no neerer then zo. acts tor: oobs: 


bauen. 


they ſtayed and beheld the artificialneſle of our ſhip, our ſhape apparel: then they all mate a {ony 
{howe together, declaring tbat they reioytev. LAhen we hav lomet hing animated them, vſiyg thie 
gellures they came lo neere vs, that we cat them certaine dels and glaſles, and manp copes, whirl 
when ꝛhey had receiued, they looked on them with laughing, and came wilhout keare aboard out 
ſhip. There were amongſt theſe people 2. kings of ſo gocvlp ſtature and (ape as is pollible to pee 
clare: the eloet was about 40. yecres ok age, the (cept was apong man ol 20. pceres olde. Cher 
apparell was on this mmer: the elder had vpon his naked bodya Hatte ſkin wꝛought artffrilke 
with diners bꝛancbes like damaſke : his head was bare with the hapre eyed vp behind withdiuers 
knots: about his necke he had a large thaine, garniſhed with diuers Fowew of lundzy colours: the 
pong man was aimoſt apparelled after j ſame mance. This is the qooniieit people, x of the kr 
conditions that we haue found in this cur voyage. They ercecn vs in bignes: they are of the colow 
of bꝛaſle, ſome of them incline moꝛe to whitenelle: others are of yellow colour, of comelp viſegt, 
with long and blacke Haire, which they are very careful to trim ann decke wp: they are blacke n 
quicke eped, and ok ſweete and plealant countenance, imitating much the old kaſtion. J writen 
to your Maieſtie of the ther parts or their body. hauing al ſuch proportion as apperteinethtone 
handlome man. The women are ok the like confozmitie and beautle: vtrybandlonte anv well 
uoured, ok plealant ccuntenance. and comelp to be hold: they are as wel manered and continent s 
any women, and of good edut ation: they are all naked laue their pꝛiuy portes, which they couct 
with a Deeres Chin bꝛanched oz embrndered as the men ble: there are alſo ol them which went 


on their armes very rich ſkinnes ol Lamernes: they ado zne their heads with diuers oznamente 


Copper moie 
eſttemed then 
zolde. 


made of their owne haire, which hang dawne before on both fives their bneſtes: others vſeother 
kinde ok dꝛelling themſelues like vnto the women of Egypt and Syria, thele are of the elder {opts 
and ohen they are maried, they weure diuers topes, accoyding to the vlage of ihe propleothe 
Eaſt alwellmen as women. 
Among whom we law many plates of wꝛought copper, which they elteeme moge then golre, 
which for the colour they make no gerdunt ot. for that antong all other it is counted the baleſt: they 


make moſt account ot Azure and Reds Che things that they eſterme moik of all thole which we 

gaue them were bels,cbpiftal of Azure tuicur and other eyes to hang at their cares on about the 

necke. They did nat delire cloth ol like oz of golde, much lelle ol ang other ſozt, neither 175 laude out OF Life, 
. y 


lobnd 


> theptor epi 
mabe no w 

they did at 

They are v 

and one day 

by reaſon of 

ſhip with th. 

ging vs of tl 

the ſafegard 
ſtowed 15 de 
pairco to fee 
themſelues e 
boats, and fo) 
obtaine that tl 
comming wit 
ſhoꝛe 200 par 
they would co 
from vs, theyt 
cries and nopſe 
laud a quarter 
celts with gest 
propertpof eu: 
and in talling ot 
ing z 02 3 dates 
returned with 7 
mate any long a 
nung vp and vou 
Alithin the land; 
aͤnp kind of hul b 


be; 


ðppopen and withou 


n, wil bping fore! 
great and thicke, 


whereokare okes 


damſon trees, ant 
great abundance, 
which are their ch 


fy Leabof pron, they! 


hey ufe infean of 
5 holla with reat 
axe (hone and bꝛoad 
ok armes with as ri 
oz Pound forme 101 
another without an f 
ther, which ſaue thes 
ſtilof wophmanſhix 
Feat e ſtate ly butte 
aNveherefore it is fu 

omone place to an 
helt abode, and only 
er and the whole fa 
zo perſons. Tl 
duler aer of huſbat 
ank and the riling 
dur hey tiue by hune 
icke anytime they 


Puhage. They ar. 


lencationrs in their ad 


— . 


rag 3 ———ů 
a adit, Lobn de Verraxrano, Trattiquesand I) (coucries, | ‘ 

ing in the ficlos j — . 00 
nee 75 — bt — Nr Won, which wee otten ſhewed tii, 4 
dur aboade three dpd our glatte te beholding them they onely alken the arte of dur armour unh, 
cut coorpat ; pester — ; hich when they ben, lo, they fudoenty laviabe « Making them che | b 
onely in the bay and one day we en red on they mitts chat which they haue: wee become ud gaue them va agen 
s averppleatine — aco che Dauen without hip, whereas | cfote ted friends with) J 
ran do wne into thip with their fac es a weather. They came in great companies of th re league off are 
1 from the tale ging bs oftheir vice 1 : (painted with diuers colours, he wing U ari mall boats vnto the 
en muy pale vp, the alegard of our thie S,thep nave Agnes vnto yg where we might l. fet lane of top,bai: 
not venture ou dtowed 1s Daves in P keeping till our company: and after we Pere a in the Hauen fo, 
nthe lapd Raver paircoro {ee a i deh Sa felues many neceſſary things wh ith ida de anker, luce be⸗ 
ers, and are clay themſelues entrin Nang then wines with them, whereof the ) 1 rn Dep the people re 
refulip, miking boats, and fo? all “by 030 the tip t Taping therea good {pace 50 t! ere very thus H andthcp 
ty with out bon, pve eb 3 2 we could Make, ofſring to gine them bit pedi wiuer to Lay in their 
oft plealant lie — tn 90 : 0 Ofuffer themto Come aboꝛd our ſhip. And oftenti to thing, we cowie neuer 
her to the num ore 200 paces 2 mvs enen gentlemen kthelt pleaſure to fec bs rent two kung 4 
ne (Hope to theo. they would come to rene lep to 175 vs intelligence oftheir comma A, the 

. 5 f . token o fayin 
nc deem g taevaanee ee e a he hao nar 
shih ab Cappel 1 sts 5 mariners. The queene and her matos tape 4705 wondzedat hearing the 
beped anker, an ate with od goles 5 70 off. while the king abode a long ſpoce in our 10 light boat, at an T. 
being 5 the light piopertp of eurry ehm Suma br . 5 the furniture of 1 Up be ae ( vig 
ib 1O,lcagtes, a and in talling our meats. g fo courteoull t le great pleaſuxe in behoini 6 
{peop j ‘tle aking his leaue dep⸗ ding our appe rell 
ele 1 1 10 Seri baie oe nee the tap 0 diuers erkundeten lea ye 

mute any long above the; hat we dlo, R alkedok bs oltentimeg F leemen) be 

ewe found: mp rp and en — ears i oda Proutfton: then che king matving b fo meant to 


siti burt de much! ö ing his bow and run 
pple, when uh 1 mit f pore to grat 5 
wein, denen 
p all mate a nᷣ open and wi ring ‘Top that there ate pf , 02 Mon pleat 
bat ute b ithout anp impediment oftrees Plaines 2502 30 teagues broap ai tat 
Lan topes, tebrly 


keare aboard out 

is pollible to nes 

eres olde. Tier T gre 5 8 8 af fruit di : omi appi 

one artificial, ——— hurts deere ue ens, pother nds wlichthe 115 nun chere are beatts in 
in wilden I emu penal babe es: thearrowes whlchthey ble rem e with their nets g bowes 
nypeolours: ie J dene infeed ton eocuct Tb fle, wur ater torte eat matble gocirine roc 
le, of the urn FR hollow withgreat and mla Jer charp oneg whet 


are of the colour 
of comely viſegt, 
ey are blackeand 
ion. J wittert 
perteineth ta ane 
lone and tell far 
and continent as 
which they court 
hem which weare 
iuers oznaments 
ꝛ others vſeothet 
of the elder forts 
kthepeopleokthe 


s made in circular ce ry 
acht 
of timber, feparace one from tpurpoun et 


voꝛder of building, couered with 
wind and raine: and i 


more then golve, 
d the baſeſt: the 
ii thole which we 
res of about thet 
gt, neither card 

yer 


6 v bie: heir en 
ger aduerlitie:andi af la- wilb Tabsers 


walture out or lite, they ble mour 


This 


300 TheEngli fh Voyages, &c. John de Verrazano 


ee 


Thisis almuch as we could learne of them. Chis land is lituated n the Paralele of Rome in 41, 
gi degrees > degrees and a, tertes: but fomewhat moze colde by accidentall caules and not of nature, (as f 
2H, will declare vnto pour highnelle elle where) deleribing at this prefene che fituation of the fo pclan 
Count rey, which lieth Cat and Cet, I Cay that the mouth of the auen lieth open to the South 
ape delertpets balle a league boad,and being entred within it betweene the Cat and che Moreh, it Uretche 
onofanoras t we lue leagues: where it wateth broader ond broader, and maketh a guife about 2 0, leagues n 
Aden and 2. compaſle, wherein are fiuefinall Alland very kruitlull and pleaſant, fullof hie and brane ters, 
derts among the which Allandes any great Jauie may ride lale wit bout any feare of tempeſt op other 
danger. Alter wards turning towardes the Bouch in the entring into the Hauen on both Lines 
there are mott plealant hils, with many riuers of mot cleave water falling into the Sta. 

In the middeſt of this entrance the re is arocke of free None growing by nature apt to bud 
ny Calle oꝛ Fojtrelle there, fo; the keeping of the hauen. The fife of May being furniſhed with 
all things necellarie, we departed from the laid coalt keeping along in the light thereof, and twee 

700 hagnes. lalled 150. leagues finding it alwayes after one mane r: but che land ſome what higher with cer 
26 thew of mis caine mountaines all which beare a ſhew of minerall matter, wee fought not to land there in ay 
ue. place, betaule the weather lerued our turne fop Catling: but wee ſuppoſe that it was like the in 
Checoatruns mer, the toaſt ranne Caſtward ſoz che ſpace ok fifcie leagues. And trending aftertwarns to the 
kunde Noch, we found another land high full of thicke woods the trees whereof were firres, tipuſts 
leagues, and fuch like as are wont to grow in cold Countreys. The people viffer much from the other am 
Mere oe ore locke bow much the Foner Ceemen to be courteous and gentle: lo much were theſe full of tur 
mon lauage. neſſe and ill maners, and fo barbarous that by no lignes that euer we could make, we could hau 
anp kind of traffike withthem. They cloth themſelues with Bearesfkinnes and Lusernes any 
Scales aud other beats fhinnes, Cheir food, as karre as we coulde perctiur, repaixing oktenbun 
their dwellings, we ſuppole to be by hunting ¢ fiching, and of certaine fruits, which are a bum of 
roots which the earth peeldeth of her own accord, Chey haue no graine neither law we anp kino oy 
ſigne of tillage neither is the land, loz the barrennelle thereof, apt to beare fruit oz ſeev. Jump 
time we defied by exchange to haue any of their cõmodit ies, they vled to come to the fea ſhone tp: 
on certaine craggy rocks, and we ſtanding in our boats, they let downe with a rope what it pltald 
them to giue vs, cxping continuallp that we ſhould not appꝛoch to the land, demanding immeoiat 
Ip the erchange, taking nothing but knives fiſhookes, and toolesto cut withall, neyther viv thep 
make anp account ok our courteſie. And when we had nothing left to exchange with them, vhen 
we Departed from them, the people thewen all ſignes of diſcourteſie and dilſdalne, as were pollble 
foz any creature to inuent. Me were in dilpight ol them 2 02 3 leagues within the land, bring 
in number 25 armed men ol vs: And when we went on ſhoze they thot at vs with their bolt 
making great outcries, and after wards fled into the woods. Ile found not in this land any ching 
notable,opofimportance, ſauing very great woods and certaine hilles, they may haue fome mir» 
rall matter in them, becaule wee law many of them haue beadſtones of Copper hanging at their 
eares. (de departed from thence keeping our courſe Moꝛtheaſt along the coal, which we foun 
moze pleaſant champion and without woods, with high mountaines within the land continuing 
pleatane ditettip along the co aſt for the {pace of fiftie leagues. we viſcouered 3 2 Jllands Iping al necre ty 
ands, land, being finall and plealant to the view, high and hauing manp turnings and windings be 
tweene them, making many faire harbozoughs and chanels as they doe in the gulle of Venicein 
Sclauonia, aud Dalmatia, we had no knowledge oꝛ acquaintance with the people: we ſuppolehey 
are ofthe fame maners and nature as the others are. Sapling Nopthealt for the {pace of 15 
leagues we appꝛochedto the land that in times paſt was diſcouered bp the Britons, wich is in 


l fiftie degrees. Hauing now (pent all our pꝛouiſion and victuals, and hauing diſcoue red about 700 


Beades ot 
copper. 


degrees: leagues and moꝛe of new Countreys, and being kurniſhed with water and wood, we conclunedto I 


returne into France. 
Touching the religion of this people, which wee haue found, foz want of their language wee 
could not vnderſtand neither by lignes nop geſture that they had any religion oz lawe at all, op tht 
they did acknowledge any firtt cauſe oz moouer, neither that they woꝛſhip the heauen oz tarsth 

Dunne oz Maone oz other planets, and much leſle whither thep be idolaters, neither could wee 
learne whither that they vlen any kind of ſacritices oz other adozations, neither in their village 
haue they any Cemples op houles of pꝛayer. Cte ſuppoſe that they baue no religion at all, a 
that they liue at their owne libertie. And that all thisproceenerh okignozance, fo2 that they 


very calle ta be perſwaded : and all that they lee vs Chᷣzidiaus doe in our diuine leruce, ther aa 
A notab li 


the lame with the like imit ation as they law vs to doe it. 


huth mote affi 
Hut calling to 
French better 
4 for any priuate 
~ fogularand ef 
> prile,whom,b 
| thedafwell sak 
|) curitie,diforder: 
that thereupon 
ke, as alſo mig 
4 fertilitie of the p 
| that they might 
| thing that might 
ned · Many {pec 
French mens gou 
ofthe abandonin 
truely and faithful 
uced into a large 
beneedleffe to rec 
things ofchiefeſſ i 
full painter Zames 
Chafilion then Ad 
aneye-witnefle of 
many fingularities 
together with the 
thea to your felfe,a 
they were dedicate 
tempted the like vpe 


ae p into the ma 
Ire did in the pla 


lelne returne of C 
oſour aft Colonyi 
obere to (peake ſ 


aude Ctually be pu 


I 
ehen the wor 


dates whereof are 
Mm greatiudgement 


TARR AN, 


e of Rome /in gs, 
t of nature, (ag y 
tion of the fo clan 
open to the South 
nch, it Uretchen 
ut 2 0. leagues iy 


and fruſteſul. 
solighawekeen alluing the iat by softhe people hitherto concealed are — 


Who retnained there hum 


a quarter; 


and bꝛoade trech, P 

k tempeſt op other Tranflated ont of French into Englifh by M. 
8 Tewann Hartyy-~, 

the Sea, 


ure apt to buila Tothe right honoura ö : 

ing furnitheo wh of her Mae Gard — n Ralegh Knight, Ca taine 
thereof, and wit neſſe Liew cd Vanden of the Stanner ies, and her Hj 
4 tenant general! of the County of Cornewal/. R wine nd her High. 
plano there in anp IR, aſter thar chis hiftorie which had b sabi ou oe 

+ was Like tbe fo NI 4 ately conimteed to print and bi ene concealed many yeeres, was 
afterwards to che 5 2 my learned fiiend M. Mating % liſhed in France vnder your Na 5 

ree irren, cpu CEH Surnc it into Engliſh ‘afanier of Par; 

from the other any 

chele full ok rune: 

ke, we could have 

and Luzernes any 

pairing often bud 

which are a kino of 


law we anpkinnoy for any priuate eaſe or commoditie chaethercb mi 

cop ecw, Mum ME fingularand efpeciall cate you hadofthofe which 1 70 1 5 . but that it argued a 

torhefeatney prilewhom, by the reading ofthis my tranflation,you would hare f st hot eh 

ope what itpiend FP Ahed afwelltoheware ofthe groffe negligence in prouiding of ſi here wamned and admoni. 

nanding innen Cuntie, diſorders, and mutinies that fell 1 N 

„ neyther did 

1 ＋＋ 5 ö inde, by the readi l dome auoyde the ch 
dolle I fertilitie of the laces herein at lange deſcr f ding ofthe manifolde commodities and mene 

ne as were pole Kere ee 150 ave large defcribed and fo neere neighbours ynt Solches gehe 

hin the land, bring r ey mig tgenerally bee awaked and ftirr p vnto the diligen ‘ei dur Colonies, eur warning, 

with their bons ching t east the aduancement of the aclion wheri 4 i ail hae 

this lanp anyrhing I ned. Many ji tes of hele pa 

ay haue lone ma French mens 


er hanging at their 
att, which we foun 
theland continuing 
8 lping al nere te 
and windings be 
gulle of Venice 
le: we ſuppoſe they 
the ſpate of 150, 
titons, which is in 
ſcouered about 700 i 0 
od, we concludtdtt 


heir Tanguage wee 
platwe at al, th 
> hearer oz ttarsth 


302 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. The defcription of Florida 


ich remained there about atweluemonth with your worſhipful Lieutenant M. Ralph Lane, 
11 1 8 of the ſecrets of thoſe Countreys, Touching the {peedy 9 ee 
purfuing of your action, though I wote well it would . a puree pulls 1 Me it 
throughly followed without lingring yet am I of opinion, that you ſha : rawe the fame be. 
tore it be long to be profitable and gainful aſwel to thoſe of our nation t ere remaining, as to 
the merchants of England that fhall trade hereafter thither,partly by certaine fecret cOmMOdie 
qpeanesta ties already difcoucred by your feruants,& partly by breeding ot diuers forts of ee in thofg 
rale benet in large and ample regions, and planting of luch things in that warme climat as wil heſt proſpet 
e there. and our realme ſtandeth moſt in need of. And this I find to haue bin the courſe that both 
bee the Spaniards and Portugals tooke in the beginnings oftheir diſeoueries & conqueſts. For the 
. 8 1 at their firſt entrance into Hiſpaniola foũd neither fuger-canes nor ginger growing 
Nine, fuger- Were any kind of our cattel: But finding the place fit for palture they ſent kine & buls and 
cates and lundry forts of other profitable beafts thither,& tranſported the plants of fuger-canes,and i 
Farina the rootes of ginger :the hides of which oxen, with fuger and ginger,are now the chiefe mer. 
ald Madea ke. chandiſe of that Ifland. Ihe Portugals alſo at their firfttooting in Madera, as John Barret uiii 
in his firſt Decade, ſound nothing there but mighty woods for timber, whereupon they calle 

the Ifland by that name,Howbeit the climate being fauourable, theyinriched it by theironn 

induſtry with the beſt wines and ſugers inthe world. The like maner of proceeding they vied 

dand in the Illes ofthe Agores by fowing therin great quantity of Woad. So dealt they in F. Ilena 
bites planed vnder the Equinoctial, and in Braſil and ſundiy other places. And if our men will follow thei 
pi) dle ſteps by your wife direction I doubt not but in due time they fhall reape no leffe commociti 
and benefit. Moreouer there is none other likelihood but that her Maieſty, which hath Chill. 

ned and giuen the name to your Virginia, if need require, will deale aſter th e maner of hoo. 

rable godmothers,which, ſeeing their goſſips not fully able to bring vp their children thems 

felucs,are wont to contribute to their honeſt education, the rather it they find any towardlines 

Ebe great or reaſonable hope of goodneffe in them. And if Elizabeth Queene of 11035 and 0 af 
seate of Eliza ter her huſband Ferdinando and the hadempticd their cofeis and exhaufted their treafures in 
srcatieand ſubduin g the kingdome of Granada and rooting the Mores, a wicked weed,out of Spayne,was 
Aragon in ud neueitheleſſe fo zealous of Gods honour, that (as Fernandus Columbus the ſonne of Chile 
new ot betes pher Columbus te corde h in the hiftory of the deedes of his father) the layd part of her owne iews 
rieotendiS els, which fhe had in great account, o eto furniſn his father foorth vpon his fuſt voyage, 
to Gads glory. before any foot of land of all the We? es was difcouered;what may we expect ofour mot 
magnificent and gracious prince E ix AREA Hof England, into whofe luppe the Lord hah 

mott plentifully throwne his treafures, what may wee, I fay, hope of her forwardnefleand 

bounty in aduancing of this your mofthonourable enterpriſe being farre more certaine then 

that of (olumbus at that time eſpecially, and tending no leſſe to the gloric of God then that 

action of the Spanyardes? For as you may read in the very laſt wordes of the rclation of Nene 
(Mexziroextant nowe in Engliſh, the men a pla your . it 0 sin 

ſelues, is replenifhed wich many thoufands of Indians, Which are of better wittes the 

othe people 1005 of Mexico a Peru, ashath hed found by thofe that haus had fome triall of them : wher 
pana a st may bee gathered that they will eafily embrace the Gofpell , forfaking their Aolatrienbrren 4 
mate epa 6g prefent for the moſt part they are wrapped and intangled. A wile Philoſopher noting the 
seed fundry defires of diuers men,writeth, that if an oxe bee put into a medowe hee will feeke to 
Peat fill his bellie with graffe, ifa Storke bee caft in thee will fecke for Snakes, if you tume ina 
Hound he will feeke to ftart an Hare: So ſundty men entring into thele difcoueries propole 
vnto themſelues ſeuerall endes. Some feeke authoritie and places of Peeks lal 
experience by ſeeing ofthe worlde, the moft part worldly and tranfitorie gaine, and t : 
often times by diſhoneſt and vnlawfull meanes, the ſeweſt number the glorie of God 8 

the ſauing of the ſoules of the poore and blinded infidels, Vet becauſe diuers honeſt an 
well diſpoſed perſons are entred already into this your buſineſſe, and that I know ay ar 
hereafter to ſende fome ſuch good Churchmen thither, as may truely fay with the Apoſſe 


; : fle of this 
a. conti 4. to the Sauages, Wee fecke not yours butyon : Iconceiue great comfort of the fucce 
: your 00 . Fhoſt power is wont tobee perfected in weakeneſſe 


will bleſſe the feeble foundations of your building. Onely bee you ofa valiant courage and 
wh faint not, asthe Lorde ſayd vnto Jofwe , exhorting him to proceede on forward in the co 
through as great enterpriſes as this, with leffer meanes then thofe which God in his me 
cie heh bountfally based vpon you, to the ſinguler good, as I aflure my felfe, a 


Rach out and bring fi 


ae of the land of promife,and remember that priuate men haue happily wielded and u ade 


f 
ri 


M. Re 


our Comm. 
Remember 
land newly c 
of Chepſtom ii 
Iflandin the 
ſpace ſuch pr 
dy ſubiection 
land annex 
men, as Don. 
the records an 
if the greatnes 
ſhould make 
queſt of /relam 
M. Iobn Danis: 
ted with the fo 
to be maine lan 
and the gulfe of 
weltwardas is 
bone hundred m 
one thouſand w 
dies. Iſey furthe 
10000, able me 
euer in all their 8 


7e, Melinde,Zo 


Chins, Vea this l 
Iſuppreſſe for cet 
that their kings h 
dutoftheit kingd 
_ fawconfirmedin 
uernement and of 
ing therefore we: 
Countreys they g. 


place toemploy fo 


in ward partes of tt 
» ence to her Maieſti 
condition, when as 
tiches of the tegion 
 wherof you haue bi 
mend my ſelfe andt 
baue taken this ente 
able to build farthe: 
Jour moſt Chriſtian 


co liue 
untrey altogethert 


on and in moft; 
le too frufteful 
aue entred ypo 
cuen ynto the vere 


of Florida 


M.Ralph Lane our Common wealth whe 
and effectuall | Remember I pray you 

urfe to haue jt Lund neuly dedicated 

ethe fame be. of Chepffow in Moninuthth 
ecret commodi. 

f beafts in thoſſ 

wil heft 7 0 luaundannexing the fame to the kin 
ourſe that bon meaas Dow Antonis de Caftiltio, 
nqueſts. Foriſe the records and monuments oft 
ginger growing i fi 0 pane of the maine of, 
kine & buls and nomd MAKE 


er · canes, and ſet 
the chiefe mer. 


vhich his dj taine 
hn Barros urig ted With the forwardeft) 40 750 e thriſe c vl 1 


pon they cal! tobe miine land: ſo ſor my pat I am fully per i fore was th 
1 by ee and the gulfe of Calsforms, that the land fa 

eding they vied 
hey in S. Thoms 
will follow theit 
fe commoditie 
ich hath Chrif 
maner of hono. 
children them. 
any towardines vpon the coat of 
and Aragon, i. ey ( 
heir treafures in 
ut of Spayne,was 
onne of Chriflt 
of her ov ne jew 
his füſt voyage, 
1 Pio 0 
e the Lord ha 
or wardneſſe and Virginia a aint | e then in th 
re certaine then „ thal tefuſe obedl. 
God then that 


telation of Neve 
e meane to feate 
better wittes then 
of them : wherly 
lolatriewherein a 
ophet 1 1 the 
hee will ſeele to 


if you ture in a Yow L. 

semi propole Th . L humble at commandement, R. HART Vr. 
andement,others e : 
gaine, and that N He teface of M. Rene Landonnivye, 

orie of God and pe te thi nike b | 
liuers honeſt and 4 * he 58 0 pe aue bene the princi 
know you meant Bi Wed h Ny ena : Y Ofancient times, as thofe of 
with he Apoltle e Qe 1 


e ſucceſſe of this 
d in weakeneffe, 
ant courage ande j t ing her, there to 
ward in the con dere in greateſt eſſi- 
ielded and uadedfpyle 
God in his met en 
my ſelſe, of thi 
0 


0 trey altog sbei f , bia 


ue entred yponth ape 
che , cir native 
o the vttermoſt regions. After this — 2 is 
7 ull father 


of 


304  TheEnglifh Voyages, &c. The deſcription of Florida 


—— eee 


of fomany nations hath oftentimes {ent foorth this way and that way his valiant people, and 
by chis meane hath peopled infinite Countreys tfothat moſt ofthe nations of Europe draye 
theiroriginall from iheſe parts. Contrariwile the more Southerne regions, becauſe they bee 


too barren by reafon of theirinfupportable heate which raigneth in them, neede not any {uch ; 


fending forth oftheir inhabitants, and haue bene oftentimes conſtrainod to receiue other peo, 
ple more often by force of armes then willingly. All Africbe, Spaine, and Italie can allo teliſ 
the ſame, which neuer fo abounded with people that they had neede to ſend them abroad 
inhabite ele where: as on the contrary Scythia, Norway, Gotland, and France haue done. The 
poſterity of which nations remaineth yet not only in 74%), Spaine & Afriche. but alſo in fruity 
and faire Aa. Neueriheleſſe I find that the Romans proceeding further, or rather adding vp, 
to theſe two chiefe cauſes aforeſaid, (as being moſt curious to plant not onely their entignes 
and victories but alſo theit lawes, cuſtomes, & religion in thofe prouinc es which they had con. 
ꝓplanting or quered by force of armes) haue oftentimes by the dectee ot theit ſoueraigne Senate ſent for) 
Colon es. inhabitants, which they called Colonies( thinking by this way to make their name immortal) 
euen to the yafurnifhing of their own Countrey of the forces which ſhould haue preferued the 
fame in het perfection: thing which hindred them much more, then aduanced them to the 
poſſeſſion of the vniuerſal monarchy,whereunro their intention didaſpire. For it came topafe 
that their Colonies here and there being mifecably facked by ſtrange people did vtterly tune 
and ouerthrow their Empire. The brinks of the ijuer of Rhene are yet red, thoſe of Dani 
are no lęſſe bloody, and our France became fat with their blood which they lott, Theſe ate the 
effecis and rewards of al ſuch as being pricked forward with this Romane and tyrannical am, 
bition will goe about thus to ſubdue ſtrange people: effects, I fay,contrary to the profit whic 
thofe ſhall receiue, which onely are affectioned to the common benefite, that is to fay, to tie 
generall policie of all men, and endeuour to vnite them one with another aſwell by traffcke 
when fore of and ciuill conuetſations, as alſo by military vertues and force ofarmes, when as the Sauages 
i ue will not yeeld vnto theit endeuout ſo much tending vnto their profit. 

For this cauſe princes haue ſent forth out of their Dominions certaine men of good ai. 
ty, to plant themſelues in ſtrange Countreys, there to make their proſite to bring the Country 
to ciulitie and ifit might be, to reduce the inhabitants to the true knowledge of out Godin 
end ſo much more commendable, as it is farre from all tyrannicall and cruell gouetnementind 
fo they haue al wayes thriued in theirencerprifes,and by hietle and little gained the heartes of 
them which they haue conquered or wonne vnto them by any meanes, Hereof wee mygi. 
ther that ſometimes it is good, yea very expedient to ſend forth mento difcouer the pleaiue 

Chua conditi · and commoditie of ſtrange Countreys: But ſo, that the Gountrey out of which thefe comp. 
Seite nies are to paſſe remaine not weakaed,nor deprived of her forces: And againe in ſuch fort tha 
of€ountreys the company ſent forth be of ſo iuſt & ſufficient number, that it may not be defeited by fran. 
neluip DUIEOUE’ gers, which euery foote endeuour nothing elle but to ſurpriſe the fame vpon the fudden, As 
Nota within thefe few daies paſt the French haue proued to my great griefe,being able by nomen 
poſſible to withſtand the fame,confidering that the elements, men, and all the fauours which 
might be hoped for of a faichfull and Chrittian alliance fought againſt vs: which thing! ie 
pofe to diſcouer in this prefenchiftorie with fo euideut trueth,that the kings Maieſſy my ‘ow 
raigne prince fhall in part be farisfied of the diligencewhich I haue vſed in his feruice, and 
mine aduerfaries fhall find themfelues fo difcouered in their falſe reports, that they fhallhaue 
no place of refuge. Butbefore | begin, will briefely ſet downe the fituation and deſaſpion 
ofthe land whereunto we haue failed and where we haue inhabited from the yeere 156 n. 
to fixty fiue, to the ende that thofe things may the more eafily be borne away, which |meane 

to deſcribe inthis difcourfe, 


The defctiption of the/Veft Indies in generall , but chiefly and 
particularly of Florida, 


America bn⸗ 
knowen ta all 


antiquity meric a, o rather the Welt India, was bnknowen vnto our anceſtours by reatom 


g Of the great diſtance thereof. In like mance all the Meſterne Iſlands ind fo) 
tunate Illes were not diſcout red but by thole of our age, Wotnbeit there hau 
bin ſome which haue Cain that they were diſcouert in the time of Auguſtus ( 


when he laith, There is a land beyond the ſtarres, and the courte of the ptere and of the 1 


Wat part ofthe earth which at this day we call the fourth part ok the wodoꝛ A- 


ſar, and that Virgil hath made mention thereof in the firt booke of his Aineido b 


The. 
where A 
to ſudget 
fore his ti 
this land 
of the king 
riea. Th 
dilcouered 
named by 
Poftell, fr 


ſterne part d 
Bap of Gam 
peer 1533 
Tera de La 
nuodoen Coi 
Diaoutherne p 
niardes call P 
The ſecon 
> Cancer in th. 


Nuands aloꝛeſ⸗ 
md foztie, vnt 
America is ta 
unto che dne 
Nagelan. It 
> where it is lary 
toward both i 
| of Cappiconne 
ds our France! 


on of Florida 


valiant people, and 
ns of Europe dtaue 
6, becauſe they bre 
neede not any fuch & 

oreceiue other peo. 
talte can allo tettifis 
end them abroad tg 
ce haue done. The 
ke, but alfo in fruitty| 
or rather addine yp, 
onely their enlignes 


where Atlas the Ipozter of heauen futtaine the pole vpon his ; 
to iudge that hee meanelh not to ſpeake ad neter nae 1 9 5 
4 pe 5 aud Chriftophert atte waitren be⸗ 
this land in the peere 1592. And fruc peeres after Americus Wen Cite pb tan Chritophes 
2 devceeuponattertyarp it was called Ad. Ane és > 
the hea in Attronomic + enitus Ve. 
named bp Corne; che and of Bre fl, a the lene at Paret. Aue et se is Ge 
che Lalling at the ttre N a fae 
J. bogrees Lepond the Equatoy, J will diuide it fo celeb 27 


˖ 10 5 i 0 a baverttandin in: Cabor 
which they had cn. 9 . Leb che Bole Atcticke op the Hoꝛth is catlen em France be fe 1551 . 
ne Senate ſent for ann the N 5 1 e azzano a Florentine wag ſent bp Ring Franci ¢, becaule ris blutet 
cir name immortal) Padain the Regent his mother vnto cheſe newe Regions, where he went on und the ff ann b fo) shectotone 
d haue preferuedth [J 2 bee is from the Tropicke of Cancer 10 wit, from the ci ; 5 Pr diſcouered of England, 
Juancedthemto de pi Staking — buto the JQ, Pee entieth vnto 


planten in this Count 

fo that the Span f cp the Enugnes and 
haue named this Countrey Terra Frame Thelen genen an 77 alterwarde, 
i fete ait el che gaunch mdf 0 uh e mace 
vy A pri which b nech kreten be land of Norumbega which began een 
ven 15 "about the which henne Be of Canada, twbither jagues Cartier la mae 
5 Reus de Labtad fire Freed there are ma Mads, among which is that inti bac keptke 
5 or Mlretching towarde Groenſa 4 5 he iet bat which is namen 
5 la, Aſtatlan, and Terlichichimi i ee 
aS + , mici, T 
EEC 

ar 0 0 merica is called newe Spaine. It end pA de : ghee bl : 
Cen tittventie chee degrees annabelle, ince te anh degree, en the Cropiche ar eren 
i tte emiſtitan; and tt hach many Regions, and manp n che lame meats whe general parg 


. For it came to paſe 
ple did vtterly tune 
d, thoſe of Danubin, 
y lott. Theſe ate the 
and tyrannical am. 
y to the profit whic 
that is to fay, to the 
er aſwell by traffcke 
when as the Siuages 


men of good ach. 
o bring the County 
edge of out Godin 
Il gouernementiand 
ained the heantes of 
Hereof wee miyga 
liſcouer the plealue 
hich thefe comps 
aine in ſuch fort tha 
be defeitedby iran. 
pon the fudden, As 
ing able by nomeans 
ill the fauours which 
: which thing] pute 
1g8 Maieſſy my ou 
in his feruice, and 
that they fhallhave 
tion and de(ciption 
n the yeere 156 n. 
way, which Imeane 


des adlopnen vnto it whi 


tana tt hg ee 
Fab font, unto cher buntpeth and ken : t is alſo long an fietsen ien che two hundzeth 
bmoche nun Pero, mia berp great, andertendeth ill n Hee, The ch part of 


Upon all tres, The part 
erase nee dae Villegeguen planen and narrbwet 
fom France beet towaro he etch, berg Ott nvthepol amid, OO 


New France is almoſt ag great as all our Euro 
ü pe, Popwbeit the molk k inhabi r 
whither Frei nowen and inhabited 
. hse Sl 
as it were a lang head of b j 
aus, ano mumeth dec fhabe ie Sout: tt hones Ing out into the Sea an himdzed 


ut chiefly and apples which they be trees of 
, y —— 3 herrietrees, Pulb lich thep Floida, 
»Cypzeſſes, Bayes, 
deters ann beate poco Grape, 


anceſtours by reatom 
rne Jllands «nd fo) 


Potubeit 1 Hat? 
ime of Auguſtus Comm in necelitie th b . 
ooke of his Aineido bet» good gan th 1 — Mead. There ig alfa there the tree 
1341 ae 4 4 and 7 * 
ere and of the 3 is Coumteey are Stagges, tims, Contagious difeatts, The 
¢ . 


4 


306 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. The defcription of Florida, 
be fouls of ofbeatt that differech lit from the Lyon ol Africa. The foules are Tuktytochs, Partringrs 


Crocodiles. 


Ap colours, verß well how to vle the ſame. The men are ol an Olliue colour, of great ſtature, faire, with 
on and ma. ap defopmitie, and well popotioned. They couer their prtuities with ihe (kame of a Dagger 


bart marti · thep tall the daughters of the Dunne: and ſome of them are Sodomites. They marry, end tun 
ae. vne bath his wife, and it is lawfull fox the Ring to haue two oꝛ thꝛee: pet none but the frtishe: 


Thee order in sm his howe in the other, with his quiuer kull of arrewes. All his men follow him, which her 


The de 


they tale 
mozning it 
ſeate whict 
ſſclute him: 
lg their fac 
tation , eut 
| there be any 
moſt ancien 
dd, which is 
dunketh firt 
which holde 
man map ta 
Mopeouor tl 
ſueate, whe 
. : ker. hen 
| wherein hen 
peepe and fa 
the like moin 
halle ol their 
heit moneth 
9 ing with a lol 
goods of his 
> mope after tol 


& 


ah 
B 
4 

1 

1 

8 

i 
a) 


ey 


a 
0 
5 


f bi bodies of the! 


gapere, ko wit, 
| dime that it is 
te, which gre 
ment of wood 
France, they y 


accoꝛding to hi 
| fo) fire moneth 
> op foure moneit 
| for cheteretvaite 
Turkeycockes 
| coales, and pet 
ugly che fleſh o 
rech too mich lil 
them, that when 

{clues to be let bl 
The women a 

pamtcd as che m 


me ern. ſckewile their bowen aud arrowes. abüe they fight, thep make great crits and erclamations, 


Sans They take nu enterpꝛiſe in hand, but fick cep allemble oftencimes heir Councell together 1 
a i 0 


of Florida, 


AD a Certaine kinde 
OLAS; Partridgrs, 
1 7 Ly 1 ö ol th e d ter another come and 
exnfhahues, tit, | © falute him: and che molt ancient begin their lalutations lifting vp boch their handes twile as high 
unbance of Cron | as their kate, ſaying, Pa, he pa, and the reſt aulwer ha, ha. Alſoone as they haue done their ſalu⸗ Tir ſalutin 
re are many (opt, tion, euery man ſitteth him Bowne vpon the ſeates which are round about in the houfe, It ot thew kings. 
ich is gotten ours ff bhere be any thing to intreate ol, the Ring callith che Jawas, chat is to fap, their pickles, and the 
denden. moſt ancient men, and afketh them their adulle. Alfie ward he commaundeth Calline to be bꝛew⸗ 
belteur it, is, that ed, which is adpinke made of the leaues of a certame tree: They dꝛinke this Caſline very hotte: he . 
eredgmoe Une Munzeth irt, then he cauleth co be giuen thercof to allo other in the lame boule, ot 
mes of Appelne 7 
Ve re 5 
WD pamtings 5 th ; men of valure 
' 5 h away hunger and chirtt fo? foure and twen oures af: aboue other. 
wre mech ar. ite Bing wal, thep burie bin verpfolcmnl , mo pan bis geaue the le te ape Serene 
Rinne of aSDtagee | wherein he was woont to minke : and roundabout the lapde graue they ſticke many arrowes, and Their mauer 
ted with vepfu: weepe and falt dee dapes together without teaſſing. All thekings which were his friends make af Ringe 
s miched int er (helle mounung : and im token of the loue which they bare him, they cut ok moze then the one ber eng 
ett hep ue blend cher hace. as well men as women. During che pateok fire Spoons (lochey reckon Ramey oe 
v traitours, bim 1 their moneths) there are certaine women appoynted which bewaile the death of this Ri 
115 aud n | 
ich they know 

b 1 5 ich the goods of the Mielkes, and belides they burie e 
. bodies of the Hrietts in their houſes, and chen they fet them on fire. They ſowe their Dials tant 10 iu Biene 
i which he winner) 4 apere, ko wit, in. March and in June, and all in one and the ſame ſoyle. The ſayd Malz from the = owing twite 
. bey! d mda 
ANCE Tatyor high, G oodip 
b wholoeuer itt) a b yep would ſowe, they ſet the weedes On branes, 
and fithing, CE fre, which grewe vp the 6,moneths, and b 


executed but byſu⸗ 
to haue their hat, 
ithey come tothe 
Awapes with them, 


France, they put two graines ol Ma 


we? 1 


top thice bapesam no more but chat which r i of allt 
ne be lll ſerue their turneg OFA tbe crop 
ae bor re moneths, ¢ that very fcarcelp, Foz during the linter they retive themfetucs fop hes Salad 
They baue ohr: or foure monelhs in the peeve into the woods, where they make li ch 
me and the spome, n thetr retraite, and liue there of Malte, of Filh whi 
at magicians gun 
tions end Chere 
re the ſicke dien 


+ and were it not that it ſauou⸗ Siren: 
cxctedinglp, whid beir Emeate in 
cp marry, and cum 
ne but the fetishes 
Storie 
e. They kecpe no 
pat which they tuch 


et 
ye (che women is {0 great, chat ep can ſwimme ouer the ; 

{ terre 2 Freat Rivers bearing their chüdzen 
meal made th ) aha armes. They cimbe vp allo very nimblp wpon che higbelt bann he 
hey tarry alfofome: 5 chulde mbhiel ee 

land rie, Me in niekethe velertpainn of the Counteep,, with the nature and cuftomes of the Anha⸗ 
iia | micas dss a ty Bowe inary 

a j , 200 100 f 
N 4 Tenn hereafter to eneecate of, e en aden Cha, wü 
sand exclamations, Cea 


mcell together, eng 
hy 


r SRR 
9 . 


: The Engliſn Voyages, ‘lor. 
1) Loyd Apinivall of Chaſtillon, a noble man more defirous of the publique then of bis pt. 

J wate benefite, vnderſtanding the plealure of the King his prince, which was to dilcouer new 

and ſtrange Countreys, cauled veſlels fit for this purpole to be made ready wih all diligence, nd 

men to bee leuied mecte foꝛ ſuch an euterpꝛile: Among whom hee chofe Captaine lohn Ribault, a 

man in trueth expert in fea cauſes: which hauing recctued his charge, fet himfetfe to Ota the erte 

Che fr boy 1562. che eighteenth of Febzuarie, accompanied onely with two vi the kings ſhippes, but io well 


fare! ofl kurniſhed with Gentlemen, (of whole nunber J my felfe was one) and with olde Spouldee:s that 
ule 1 


1562. 5 5 ; ; 
layled two moneths, neuer holding the vſuall courſe of the Spantards, hee arriued in Florida, 
dbb pant landing nere a Cape op Wromontopic, which is no high lande, becaule the coatt is all flatte, but 


aide norator onelp riling by realon of the high woods, which at his arriuall he callev Cape Francois in honbur 
arp. wee, ok dur France. This Cape is diſtant from the Cquator about thirtie degrees. Coaſting from 
CapeFranzols this place towards the Noth. he dilcouered a very faire and great Riuer, which gaue hun orca: 
in 5e. Heßterg. on to tat aner that hee might learch the lame the next day very early in the mozning: which be. 
ing done by the bꝛeake of day, accompanied with Captatne Fiquinuille and diuers other {ouly. 
ers ol his ſhippe, he was no ſooner arriued on the bꝛinke of the ſhoare, but ſtraight hee perceiucd 
maup Judians men and women, which came of purpoſe to that plate to receiue the F tenchinen 
with all gentleueſle and amitie, as they well declared by the Ozation which their king made, any 
the pꝛelents of Chamois ſkinnes wherewith he honoured our Captaine, which the day following 
1 pilaar it up cauled a pillar of hard one tobe planted within the ſapde Riucr , and not karre from the mou) 
of the ſame vpon a little ſandie knappe, in which pillar the Armes ok France were carued and 
engraued. This being done hee embarked hunſelke againe, to the ende alwayes to dilcouer the 
toaſt toward the oꝛth which was his chieke deſire. Atter he had ſayled a certaine time he croſſed 
our: to the other ſide ok the riuer, and then in the pꝛelence of certaine Indians, which of pinpole 
Piper and did attend him, hee commaunded his men to make their pꝛapers, to giue thankes to G O O, fy 
thankesto that of his grace hee had conducted the French nation vnto theſe ſtrange places without any dan: 


God. ger at all. The pꝛapers being ended, the Indians which were very attentiue lo hearken un 
a thinking in my iudgement, that wee woꝛſhipped dhe Sunne, betaule wee alwayeg had ur 


eyes lifted vp toward heauen, role all vp and came to lalute the Captaine John Ribault, promi: 
ſuig to ſhew him their Ring, which role not vp as they did, but remained till fitting vpon greene 
leaues of Bayes and Palmetrees: toward whom the Captaine went and fate downe by hum, and 
heard him make a long dilcourle, but with no great plealure, becaule hee could not vnderlland hig 
language, and much leſle his meaning. The Ring gaue our Captaine at bis departure aplune 
o2 kanne of Heruſhawes feathers died in red, and a balſket made of Palme - boughes alter the Ind. 
an faſhion, and wrought very artiſictelly, and a great ſkume painted and dawen throughout wih 
the pictures of diuers wilde beaſts fo liucty dꝛawen and poꝛtraytd, that nothing lacked bur llt. 
The Captaine to Hew hinlelfe not vnthankkull, gaue him pꝛetie tinne bꝛacclets, a cuttunghooke, 
a looking glaſſe, and certaine kniues: whereupon the King ſhewed hunſelle to be very glad ud 
fully contented, Waning {pent the molt part of the day with thele Indians, the Captatno par. 
ked himielfe to palle ouer to the other fine of he Riuer, whereat the king leemed to bec bey tone, 
Mecuertheleſle being not able to Rap vs, hee commanded that wich all Diligence they ſhould tet 
kiſh for vs: which they did with all ſpeede. Foz being entred into their IUeareg ob intlolurcz 
Wweares the made ok reedes and framed in the kachion ok a Labirynth oꝛ Maſe, they loaded vs with Troutes, 
. great spullets, Plale, Curbuts, and maruettous tore of other foptes of fithes altogretherniic 
rent from ours, 

This done, we entred into our Boates and went toward the other hore, But befoze be cane 
all the liner. to the ſhode we were faluted with a number of other Indians, which entring into the waterto their 
armepits, bought vs many litle baſkets full of Maiz, and goodly Mulberties boch red and white 
Others ollered themlclues to beare vs on thoare, where being landed we perceiuen their Bing 
fitting vpon a place dꝛeſled with boughes, and vnder a little Arbour of Cedars and Bap trees 
ſomewhat viſtant from the waters fine, Oe was accompanied with two of his ſonnes which wirt 
exceeding faire and ſtrong, and with a troope of Indiaus who had all their bowes and arrowesin 


Vieſents gi. 
nen to Ribault. 


Their fich · 


Foodip Mule 
berries wohne 
and red. 


martctlous good onder. is two ſonnes rectiued our Captaine very graciouſſy: but the king their 


father, repꝛelenting 7 wot not what kinde of grauitie, did nothing but ſhake his head a little: then 
the Captaine went foꝛw ed to ſalute him, and without any other mouing of himfelfe he reteinen (0 
conſtant a kind of grauitic, that hee made it ſeeme vnto vs that by good and lawfull riage hee bare 
che titie ora Ring. Our Captain knowing not what to iudge of this mans behalubur, thought 
he was ielous becaule wee went fut vnto the other king, oꝛ elle that he was not well pleaftn 15 

fhe 


es, &c. The Arſt voyage to Florida, | 


he had meanes to atchicue ſome notable thing and worthy of eternall memozie. Datung therein, F 


on the Bit 


dowe, diu 

ter, which 

Ring there 
faplen towa 
cauſe we dil 
DOoone a 

c ouer the co 
Captaine hi 
ditants ther 
From this % 
ſaile further 
led any great 
ouer againſt: 
and a king nt 
wee faplen at 
was named 
} whercofthe tt 
the ift Grand 
me in tette tf 
4 


. 
5 
oe 
se 
* ae 
8 
3 
1 
1 


> thecourte that 
holding our w 


lleaue the coatt 
a 0 
waring fatre a 
ee had fapter 


wrd bs, and 


1 kogges endurct 
kceeded the fon 
| toffupe out an! 


Argeneſſe there 
Vater: lo; the ns 
bl France, pea, 
with his Soutni 
ax pleaſatuit ag 1 
me of Cedarg, 
fragrant abo; ant 
We law nothing k 
fom ours, bit ch 
Beares, of Luter 
delighted with thi 
chat it was wonde 


3 soques which wer 


the companie of 
Cape iz no belle che 
kumeth toward the 
Cathe which ttre 
loidan , the other a 


t Florida, 


que then ot his pi 
vas to dilcouer new 
ich all diligence, nd 
ine lohn Kibault, a 
lte to Dea the yette 
ſhippes, but io wel 
lde Souldic g that 
. Datung theresoy, 

artiued in Flond, 
att is all flatte, hut 
Francois in honoyy 
8, Coating from 
ich gaue hun occal⸗ 
oznuig: which be. 
uers other foul. 
aight hee pereeine 
jue the Frenchme 
ir king made, any 
h the day following 
re from the mou) 
e were carted any 
wes to dilcouer the 
aine time he croſſd 


The fi voyage to Florida. Traftiques and Diſcoueries. 


EE 
e hylar oz Cotumte which he had plancen, ‘Wibite thus he knew n 
7 fhewed him by fiynes, that he was come 


underſtand he amitte twhieh h 


cle intertammments, wee went our ſelues into the woods, hoping there to diſcouer fo . 
ce bere there great tthe of Pulberrtetrers white dap eed ine angular. 
m infinite number of fifketbormes, Followin 


1 Mt luer, which the 
to ſearch out, and hauing ſearched it out witl ing and inna. 
bütants thereof, hee named tt Seine nie 3 1) the ling and inha⸗ 


» becaufe it is berp like vnto the Riuer of Seine in France he vinerat 
From this Rinee wee rrttted toward out they es, where being armed, we tr ance, Che riero 
faile further toward the Nozth, and to def 1 8 » We crimmen our ſailes to 


8, which of prrpot we namen this Riner § ce Sh Miter ot 
eso SO, wee ſpled about fire leagues, after wee dilcouered another W e Ker hen deen ger 
s without auy d- + wag naͤmed by vs by the name of Loyre. And conlequently we there dilcouered fine others: The N F 
iue lo hearken vun 1 Whercofthe fir was named C herente, the ſecond Garonne, the third Gironde the fourth B elie: Charente ' 
ecalwapeshanor the lit Grande: which being very well dilcouered with ſuch things as were in em, by this Sironee . 
ho Ribault, pam . sie in lee then the (pace of mln w er wee had found out many ſingularitteg along nine elt,“ 
utting vpon grant | Ries. Menertheletfe not fully fatiffien wee faplen pet further towarde ihe Noꝛth kullcm e 
Downe by him, an he courſe that e ce vs to the Ritier of lordan one of the faivett Riuerg of the Jove! 6001 

not vnderttand s holding our wonted courte „ eat fog : 

Departure aplane HE teaue the coatt tobeare towary the matt 

ches alter the J ; 


en throughout with 
ing lacked butte, 


eee c 


ts, à cuttinghooke, HZ Dent 0 

to be very glad ad felues in a mightie Riner which in bi an 

e ce 8 es! n bignelle and 2 

be wien en apm the former : wherrwirhal che Captaine wag eteeding iopfull for big chiete 5 

tall 5 ei i Dauen to harbour hig thippes , and there to reit our ſelues for a while Thus 
wan Mbing tbicherivarn wee arriuen achwarr the lapde River, (which bee ‘ 

vs wich can 1 targenete thereof twee named Pore Re f ges recat OF the farenete ap 


vs with Troutrs, 


i all) wee ftrooke our fates and caſt ank 
water: fon the depch 18 fuch, namelp when the Dea be gin er at ten fathom of 


to flowe, tha pes Cet iter of 
es altogerbirnti: 1 swe me Liha rh may enter aher. Haun 5 1 — che Capie a yal 
ich his outdiers went on pare,and bee bimfetfe went frtt on land: where we! unde 
Sut befctebt eme f am plealam a Bn 0 
o the watertochtt amt as was poſſible, for it was 
both red and white: 
rceiued their King 


ars and Bay trees 

ſonnes which were 

Yes and arrowesin 

but he king their 

s head alittle: then 

nſelle he reteincy lo Be 

vfull right her bart 

chauicur, thought 

t wall pleated 1 9 
the 


ftom ours, Gi, Ties heard alto within dhe 
Beares, of Luſerneg, of th k Beam the boyces of d 


the mm which kretcheth towarne the Noz je RR 
3 untr 
londan, the other arme runneth into the Sea, ini 


I. leagues 


3¹⁰ 


—— 


| Store ot rare 


flinpies. 


| Ribaule fatteth 
bp ide 


Cape Lucerne, 


Spamot 
Peace. 


Pillar ot 
ce Nom 
wherein the 


France were 


LheEnglith Voyages,&c. Thefirf voyage to Florida, 


— — 


companp, which were left behind to dwell in this place. Theſe two a mes are two great leagucs 
bꝛoad: and in the middeſt ol them there is ar e, which is yoynti d o wardes the opening of ihe 
great Niuer, in which Flaud there are infinite numbers of all ſoytes ol range beats, There are 
Dimples growing chere of lo rare properties, and in fo great quantitie, that it is an exccileng 
ching to behold chim. On euery fie there is noihing to be lerne but Palmetrees, and other (ong 
of trees bearing bloſſoms and fruite of very rare ſhape and very good ſmell. But ſecing ihe cur. 
ning appꝛoch, and that the Captaine determined to reuune vnto the 1 25 „ wee prayed him ta 
ſulfer vs to paſle the night in this ple /e. In our ableuce che Pilots aud chiefe Mariners aducrifey 
the Captaine that it was ueenctull to bring the ſhippes further vp within che Nluer, to auopde the 
Dangers of the windes which might annay vs, bp rcafon ol our being fo necre to che mouth of the 
Niuer: and fo this caule the Captaine (out lo vs. Being come to our ſhippes, wee ſapled che 
leagues further vp within the Riuce, and there we caſt anker. A little while alter, John Rbault 


accompanicv with a good number of ſouldiers imbarked humſelle, deſirous to faple further vp in 


to the urme chat runneth toward the EUeſt, and to (earch the commodities of the place. Dauing 
faplen twelue leagues at the leaſt, we perceiucd a troope of Judians, which alloone as curr wep l 
{pied che Pinnelles, were fo akrayd chat they fled into the woods leauing behind them a pong Ly. 
terne which chey were a turning vpow a {pits lo; which cauſe the place was called Cape Lucent: 
moceeding fooꝛch on aur way, we tound another arme of che Riucy, which ranne toward the Cal, 
vp which che Captaine determined to faple and to leaue the great current. A little while alter they 
began to efpie diuers other Indians both men and women halle hidden within the woods: wie 
knowing not chat wee were {uch as deſited their friendſhip, were diſmaped at the fir , but lone 
after were einboldened, for the Captain e cauſed fore of marchandile to bee ſhtwed them openly 
whereby they knew that we meant nothing but well unto them: and then they made a Ligne chat 
we ſhould come on lande, which wee would not refule. At our comming on fhoare viuers of tim 
came to falute our General accoꝛding to cheir barbarous laſhion. Dome of them gaue him hing 
of Chamois, others little bafkets made of Palme leaueg, ſome pꝛeſented him with Ptailes, but 
no great number. Alterwards they went about to make an arbour to defend vs in that place {tom 
the parching heate of the Dunne. But wee would nut Hay as then. Wiherefope che Captain 
thanked them much for their good will, and gaue melents to each of them: wherewith hee pleatin 
them ſo well before hee went thence, that his ſudnaine departure was nothing plealant vnto them, 
Fa; knowing him to bee ſo liber all, dep would haue wiſhed hun to haue ſtayed a little Longer, fe. 
king by all meanes to giue him occaſion to ſtay, ſhewing put bp ſignes that he ſbould Nap butiber 
day onely, and that chep deſired to aduertiſe a great Judian Lope which had Pearles in great 
bundance, and Diluer allo, all which things ſhould bee giuen vnto him at che Kings arrival fay 
ing kurther that in the meane time while that this great Loyd came thither, chey would lead hn 
their houles, and ſhewe him there a thouland plealures in ſhooting, and ſecing che Otaggellld, 
therefore they pꝛayed him not to denie chem their requeſt. Mol wirſtanding wee returned our 
fhippes, where after wee had bene but one night the Caytaiue in the mogning commanded io put 
into che Pinnelle a pillar of hard ſtone fathioncn like a columne, wherein the Armes of che hing of 
France were grauen, to plant the (ame in the faireſt place that he could finde. This done, wee in 
barked our {ciues, and faplen thace leagues towads the Ulett s where we difcoucred a little rut, 
vp which we faplen fo long, that in the ende we found it returned into the great current, andinbis 
returne to make a litle Aland ſeparated from the firme land, where wee went on ſhoze: and hy 
mandement of the Captaine, becaule it was exceeding faire and pleafant, there wer plantothe 
Pillar vpon a hillock open round about to che viclw, and hiuironed with a lake halfe a fathemdteye 
of very good and lweete water. In which Nand wee fawe iwo Stagges ot exceeding biguſe, 
in reſpett of thofe which we had ſeene before, which we might eaſily haue killed with our hargur⸗ 


qranmstetop butes, ik the Captaine had not ſonbidden vs, mooucd with the fingular fatreneſſe and biguatl of 
mn en Bland in them. But before our departure we named the little riuer which enutroned this Fle, The Riverof 


the rier of 
Port Royal. 
The Riuer of 
Libor 


Liborne. Afterward we imbarken our ſelues to fearch another Fle not karre diflant from the ln 
mer: whercitt after wee bad gone a land, wee found nothing but tall Cedars, the faireſt hatte 


ThelleofCe tent in this Countrey. sop this caule wee called it The lle of Cedars : fo twee returned na 


dars. 


Pinneſſe to go towards our ſhippes. f 
A few dayts afterward lohn Ribault determined to returne once againe toward the Jin 
which inhabited that arme of che Riuer which runneth toward the Welk, and to carrie with hin 


good Moze offoulbiers, Foy hia meaning waste take two Indians ot this place to bꝛing ihm 


to France, ag the Queene had commaunded him. Cith this deliberation againe wee tooke ou 
former courte fo karre foogth, chat at the latt wee came to the felfe fame plate where at the ne 


) Leh 


| conttratuedte 
dap very care 
cue x one ſout 
ble: ko the int 
vpe had to ren 
| fulen it, and m 
Dunne were! 
4 France, Meu 


cqhenmſclues tor 


ce mnozt tocur 
not bnderſtand 
> thinke, they wc 
mans hand but 
> toafkethem qu 
it. They were 
they encourage 
woꝛds and ha 
tourles. Euery 
i we returned vn 
well in hunting 
uhich they call 
gaue me to buns 
they called Chic 
They {ato vnto! 
but J could not 


& 
ö me, wat a bery fa 


houſes which we 
© Teles, which mat 
dance. I be xan th 
dwelt, And fraig 
nah 1p 
ragne of he 
inadea vopage to 
ofthis riuer, to the 
hour; fo in deſpit 
litle while after he 


N quola, becauſe be 


ported continually, 
proof, thoſe which! 
udent lignes, chat! 
where Chiquola d 
mand of me we 
ſend chan home ag 
was deluered Unto: 


0 Florida, 


1 great leagues 
e opening of ihe 
atts, There are 
tit is an excellent 


The ſinſt voyage to Florida, Traffiques and Diſcoueries. zu 


8, and ol her fonrg 

ut ſceing ue 

wee prayed him u * l 

Mer toaugpbery b she things whic che much enen, which hege chep vets . 

uer, to auopde the backe againe whacfocuer was giuen them, thinking that fuch giftes thouip haue altogerher if — 

che mou ofthe chem an that in reltoung i im they ſhould be reſtoz ed vnto their libcstie. Ju fiue, perceiuin that 

i fel Run Aichach bib auaplen cies nothing, they paper bs tu give them thole things which fee rp vor 
’ t 

aple further vp in: g teler ven 8 

he place. Dauing oltheir friendes. They continued th Conga nigh bityoucceaag Al ern t nt 

one as euer thin FR contteatucnto ly at anker by teaſon of the tyde that was againt vs, but we hoyled faple ere 

them apong iy : day very cately in the moꝛn ng, and returned to our Chips, Attoone as we were come tu our ine 

d Cape Lucerne: ö 4 turty one ſought to ratiſie cheſe 2 Indians, ¢ to ew chem che beck countenance chat was Kis 

toward thecal, ble tobedntent tha by uch countelles they might percriue the good Delite and affection Ath : 

leude aug ve bar covemainc thet fende in time to came. ben we offered them meate to ente but th 57 Pane 

the woods: tule lied it, and made vs buberfann that they were accuſtomed to wath their face and to day intl the Shes — 5 

hebirh , butue Dunne were let before they nid eate, which is a ceremonie common to e tbe fun bs le. 

twed them openly e 

made a ſiguecht Fe 

are viuers of thin 

m gaue him thing 

wich Ptarles, but 


i taken their relect 

1 hi Gale J] lought to learne fome Judian pane 1255 an 
rewith hee pleat called 8 down 
leaſant vnto them, 


alittle Longer, fe. 
ould fap butihet 
Pearles in graz 
dings arriuall: lip: 
would lead hmm 
che Otaggehlaa, 
pee returned our 
commanded to put 
rmes of the kingof 
This done, weem: 
ere a little rut, 


(but could notlcarne wherrtuich. And as frre as 3 can tuba, cia and melalep erreedhng high, 
nme was a bery fare citie. Foz chey fain vnto me that wi ee place whereof they ſpake vnto 


lolure chere was great ttoxe of cp mw 
inhi lumber of men like onto thems Ser ; 
? and th ’ N 
T made none account of gold, of filuct, no; of peatles, ſeriug they bap thereat in abun⸗ 
ere wer plan he i 
alfe a fathombeye } 
exceeding bignele, 9 
d with our hargue: 


elle and biglle of munber of 40, think: 1 itants 
le, Th nk bout: fi in delpite they dled Tame cary thé into their new Spaine. But they lot their ig. 
diſlant from the a: i lide while after he 
che fatreſt hattocre 
ee returned iu our 


is olwn name ¢ called him Charieg 
abe of Chiquola whole fubiect hee was. all bere 
abode withina very great incloſep citie. Beliden thig 
chat che Indiens 


Jin figueg age haue cextifien me chat the 

oward the ube fignes, chat farther cst 
dee to being chene N maned of me whechey f g panes 

aine wer wol che ſpoulp returne. J made them vnd ue 1 


feu m borne againc, but that fet he would bellohm apparell ot pene? el was to 
wahren mtochem. But Ceeing he wouls not ue them ti 0 ee 
heme 


tre at the fill ii 
n fou 


— — my 


ne J Wei ‘Lhe fir voyage to Florida 
eto Florida, 1 he / rf voy relly 

y the be of tHe pt 
„ AAhie thing thep 


m the apparel jy) 

as thet owne, Nyy, 

Freatiy (op their d. 

erelohe they uach ince. Howe much Titre tonne 
nowing ibe finguy Conſidering allo that here lat. 
well here weil oy. ng countrey, I pray you ther- 

ind the véleite of ty sfreely vnto mee, protedting 

unanded the ankers le other princes, that your re. 

uer, to the ende thy le of France, He had ſcarcely 

Ng · Apen thereiny that a greater pleafure could The ſondiera 
n we Raped Wwithoy ö 

at all the men ol lig 


by this Meanesthey fhoulde ate 0 
Nen 
ine reg le ot their honduiszthet- lation, 
place, to begin to build ihem a 
‘Munition Neceflarie for their 
atic was fo long in doing. ddthere. 


hem. They all any 


this our enterpring 
les (as one dein 


( willing, determined the next 
ceding good hape ted, eclhereſoze he embarked humlelle 
would make ty) bery eavely in the mogning and commanded them to followe hin that were delirous to inhabite 
d: which ſhouldbe, here to the intent that they might like the beter of che place, Dating layled vp the Creat riuer on 
hem, to atiſe m the Month live, in coalting an Ille which ended with a ſbarpe point toward the mouth of the rier, 
»pofe vnto you and ; haung fatten a while he diſcouered almall rer, which entr ev into the Illande, which hee would 
leſetue, whichtor not fatle to ſearch out. Ahich done, finding the lame deep ough to harbour therein Gallies and 
rterprize aching of Gattiorg in good number proceeding further, he found avery open place, ioyning vpon the binke 
aſpiting tolo high dherrot, where he went on land and ſeeing the place ſit to build a Foꝛtreſle in and connnodious fo? 
Wel torepard,thy them that were willing ta plant there, he relolued incontinent to caule the bigneg of the tontifica: 
male t heit same ausn to be meaſired out. And conſidering that there ſlaycd but fire and twentie there he cauled the The length 
„ many doe Fogft to be made in length but ſirteene kathome, aud ¢ 

e king nor the 


t hirteene in breadth, with flantes according the fom aet 
tothe popoptionthereat, The mealure being taken by me and Ca 


8 a ptaine Salles, we ſent vnto the 4% Ca 
© Sippes lo men, and to bring ſouels, pickares and other instruments ncceſlurte to nile che ko, Lale 
> tification, THe trauailed fo diligentiy, chat in a ſhoꝛt ſpace the Foꝛt w 


or none of your fe 
great eftares, For 


le nme ti Comic fone defenet: ue 
tofollowtheman able. In which mean e time long Ribault cauled victualg and warrclike munition to be bzought Kiba,” 
et could I neuern. foꝛ the defence ofthepirce, After he had furniſhed them with all furl things as they had neede of, 
ent) as haveleene I he determined co tale his leaur of them. But before his departure he vled this ſpeech unto Cap⸗ 
ince more udn tame Albert, which he lelt in this place, 


arded,ther would 
noble and valiant, 
gas you may ob. 


Captaine Albert, I haue tor 
pour ſelfe fo wifely in your et 
keaue you, which wich io good cheere remainet 


equeſt you in the prefence of althefe men,that you would quit Ribauies ſpeech 
© modeſſly your final] companie which 1 to data 


h vnderyour obedience, that | neuer haue oc 
he Romans; which caſion but to commend you, and to recount vn 
Id, For how many 
atneſſe of theirpa- tech to 
heir ancefters, wee Saab! e which attue ſouldier oweth the louldieto. 
g with their hands Captaine, buing 4s brethren one with another, 
arcifan, his Grands il aſſiſt yon and bleſſe 
uertheleſſe, beg , 
ther defirous toi. 


rmes, and profited f hat les. fore, 
of the Romans, = te dulcouer perfectly the riuer ok Jordan. Fo} this 

brance of them, he e ready to depart 

: first example to 


. ed to fhoote off our Owdinance to giue afarewel vnto our Frenchmen, 
o high chings not» which failed not to doe the like on their part. This being done wee lalled toward the ꝛoꝛth: and 


mas cal 


e the excellencie & oyal, becauſe of the largenes and excellent fatrenes of the ſame. Port Royal. 
er, and yet forget 15 Leagues from thence, we efpicn a riuer, Wwhercunon wee lent ore 5 
n his tender yeeres, ! At thett returne they mought bs word that they found not paſt hatte Hondmarde 
ie he refuted norto Nxfathan water in the mouth therol. ehich wh we vnderſtood, without doing any thing els, we f Fon Roya 
»f his parentes and BROAD our way and called e the Baſe oꝛ Shallow riuer. as we fil went on founding We found 

ne Table in veflels 


not 
of 


314, The Englith Voyages, &c. Thefirft voyage to Florida, 


—— —— — ́au2— 


not paſt fue op fire lathome water although we were fire good leagues from the ſhoare : at lenge, 
we tound not patt three fathomes, which gaue vs occafion greatly to mule. Ard without Making 
anp farther way we ftrook our faples,partlp becaule we wanted water, — be caulc the night 
appꝛoched: during which time Captame lohn Ribsult bethought with humlelfe wether it wee 
beit for him to palle any farther becaufe ol the eminent dangers which cuery houre we law before 
our eyes: op whither be ſhould content himſelle with chat which he had certainely diſcouercd x al 
left men to inhabite the countrey. Being not able for that tune to relolue with himlclfe, he reterrey 
it vntil the next day. The momung being come he pꝛopolc d to all the company what was bert to be 
done, to the end that with good aduiſement euery man might deliuer his opinion. Dome made an 
ſwere, that according to their iudge ment he had occalion tullp to content bunfelfe,confinering thay 
be could doe no mone: laing before his eyes, that he had diſtouered moze in ſixe weekes, then the 
Sypantards had done in two peres in the conqueſt of their New Spaine: and that he ſhould do the 
hing very great feruice i he did bung him newes in lo (hope a time of his happy diſcouerit. Othn 
ſhewed vnto him the loſle and ſpoile ot his victuals, and on the other five the inconuentence thut 
might happen by the (hallow water that they found continually along the coat. TAhich things be. 
ung well and at large debated we relolued to leaue the coatt,forfsking the Noth, to take our un 
Chere atriuan toward the Cat, which is che right way and courſe to our France, where we happily arriucy ty 
8 Prone y i. twentieth day of July, che pere 1562. 


The ſtate and condition of thoſe which were left behind in charles: ſort. 


O* men alter our departure neuer refted, but night and day did foptifie chemfelucs, being i 
good hope chat after their fort was finithen,thep would begin to dilcouer farther vp wichn 

the riuer. It happened one day, as certaine of them were in cutting of rootes in che grouen, thi 

they eſpied on the ſunden an Indian that hunted che Deere, which fading bimſelte fo neere im 

them, was much dilmayrd, but our men began to dꝛaw neere vnto him and to vle him lo courteous, 

ly, chat he became affured and followed them to Charles fort, where tuery man fought to dot hun 

plealure. Captaine Albert was very ioyfull of his comming which after he had giuen hun a ditt 

and fone other trifles he afken him of his dwelling: che Indian anſwered him that it was lurch 
Ming Aol. pp within the riucr, and that he was vallal of king Auduſſa: he alſo ſhewed hum with his hand ch 
limits of his habitation. After much other talke the Indian deſired leaue to depart, betauſe it xh 
toward night, which Captaine Albert granted him very willingly. Certaine dayes alter the c 
taine determined to fatle toward Audutta, where being arriued, by realon ok the honeſt entertayn 
ment which he had giuen to the Indian, he was ſo courteoully receiucd, hat the king tatken uh 
hun of nothing clfe but of che deſire which he had to become his friend: giuing him beſides tom: 
derſtand, that he being his friend and allie, he ſhould haue the amitie ol foure other kings which n 
might ¢ auchopitic were able ta do much for his fake: Belides all this, in his necellitie they mut 
be able to ſuctour hun with victuals. One ol chele kings was called Mayon, another Hoys,the 
thin o Louppa, and the fourth Stalame. Pe told him mozcouer, that they would be verp glad, when 
they ſhould vnderſtand the newes of his comming and therefore he pꝛayed him to vouch ate tov: 
fit them. The Captaine willingly confented onto him, ſoz the delire that he had to purchaſe fnau⸗ 
in that place, Therefore they departed the next mozning very earelp, and firſt airiued at the heut 
of king Touppa, and after ward went into the other kings houſes except the houle of king Sia. 
me. Ve receiued of each of them all the amiable courtefies that might be: they ſhewed themſchut 
to be as affectioned friends vnto him as was poſlible, and offered vnto him a thouland finallpe: 
ſents. After that he had remained by the (pace of certaine daies with chele ſtrange kings beben 
mined to take his leaue: and being come backe to the houſe of Auduſta, he commanded al ha men 
to goe abooꝛd their Pinnelle: for he was minder to goe towardes the countrey of king Stalame, 
— which dwelt toward the Moꝛth the diſtance of 15 great leagues from Charles · fort. Therefore 
mersleagues as they ſailed vp the riuer they entred into a great current, which hey lollowed fo karre eilchey 
Galle bat came at the laſt to the houle of Sta lame: which bought him into his lodging. where he fought w 
make them the beſt cheere he could deuiſe. He pꝛeſented immediatly vnto Captaine Albert his bow 
and arrowes, which is a ſigne and confirmation of alliance betweene them. He prefenten him with 
Chamops ſkiunes. The Captatne ſecing the bett part of the day was now paſt, tooke his leane ol 
king Stalame to returne to Charles: fort. where hee arriued the day following. By this time the 
friendſhip was growne fo great betwerne our men and king Audufta, that in a manner all things 
were conunon betweene him and chem: in ſuch fopt chat chis good Indian king did nothing oftm 
poꝛtance but he called our men thereunto, F on when the time dꝛew neere of che celebꝛating ther 


ro = — SSS Sl SSS Slee 


fcaits of Toya, which are ceremonies moft ſtrange to recite, he ent Ambalſadours 2 
rt 


Sbattow 
Water. 


Note. 


Chamops 
Chines. 


Adee feat or 
Tova largely 
deſttibed. 


i and to chere bp t 
by realon of their 


Indians did in the 
24 
come 
f wep pol ap 
herrſe fo; feare of 1 
CCthen the featt 
rab a 
pitta eit neighbor 
att of all che wéceu 
How their ſieldes. @ 
Henfelues into the 
might be that chey! 
aida che counerey 
bis aboad towa 
mann, and bem 
age they thoulo co 
mother of Couexis,t 
al and which wo 
Hood relation which 
sary tyenccetity 
Mould pleate him to g 


— 


e ſhoare: at len e eee ee ee ee e — 
d without Making f hereunto they agree 
pbecaute the nahe They nbarke 
elle wether it were 
ute we lau before 
ly diſcoueied q alig 
umſelle, he retenid 
what was Lett to be 
a made an 
fe, conlidering th: featt, b 
r weckes, chin : twit wich feather cbemſelues on the way to sok hein 
hat be ond ore tn patnciner und lane antennen 
v diſcoueric. On f “y 3 ing from the rell: 
inconuentence chat muddeſtol the round — tune, when 

fel 


TUbich things. I 
th, to take our by fg barfimg,danced,anp tuned ? tines 


happily arriued the 


qs houſe 


“harles-fort, 
17 9 being in 
sad ani that a — — 5 — 

e bata cee 7 abt eaſiiy dalcry the ceres Burde, bn 
nſought to dochim Pues el | Ep ate ag it were hace Puts 

d giuen hun a t 

chat it was farther 
n with his hand ihe 
art, becauſe it uc 
apes alter the Cap 
e honelt cntertayn, 
he king talked wich 
him belides to m 
her kings which n 
teſlitie they naghe 
another Hoya, the 
be very glad, when 
to fl 8 bee 
to purchale fn oya, 

coe g thep — pate a en Palme chings ofht 
jule of king Stale ‘ many ceren 

bat ei 8 molting emt a —— 5 

thouland finallpe: f crefone was finithen our returned vnt 4 

ige e ns while their victualles begann co to. To hates bon: tubere han 


flan 
Sathered all our — 


manded al hem fae MO ete neighbours, and to pꝛay them to feccour haue recourte fips n l 
pol king Stalame, ie : alles which chey had. th 

. fort. Thatint HR . 

b Cofaere duc Hr reg the 

where he fought w ddt be that ch 


ine Albert his boty 

pore ai! bal 
tobe bis | ! ng Coues 
. By this time che Inn, tune. But renomuned. 


amanner all things was 

id nothing ofim erat and which would be very toyf ll tt he might 
4 — cher a — Indians —— a — 
urs to dun men o ug mende nerellity which anpneſſed them. Therfoz 
riquit i Peale him to giue them ane of hig fubéects to 


on he 
condi⸗ 


316 TheEnglifh Voyages ec. The firf voyage to Florida. N 


condeftended very willingly knowing thut without his fauour they could haue much ado to bum 
their interpꝛiße to pale, LAbereloze alte rchey had giuen opder for all things netellaty fo, ibu. 
age, they put themſelues to Sen. and failen fo farre that in the cud thep came into the counttey ¢ 
Ouadesconne Quade, which they found to be en che riuer Belle, Being there arriued thepperceiueda 3 
ner bels Of Indims, which alloone as chey knew of their being there came before them. Alloone ag they 
were come neere them, ther guides ſhewer them by fignes that Ouade was in this co 
wherefore our men fet foꝛmard to falute ham. And then two af his founes which were with hn, 
being goonlp anv ſttong men faluced them againe in very good ſoꝛt, anv vled very friendly cy; 
tertaument on their part. The kuig immediatly began to make an Ozation in his Indianin 
unge of the grratpleaſure and contencment which he bad to ler them in that place motetting ihn 
he would become ſo lopall a ſttend of theirs hereatte. chat he would be their taithlull defendou⸗ 
gaintt all them that would offer to be hett enemies, After theſe ſpeechtz he led them towarniy 
Tanin or Houle, where he fought to entreate chem verp courteculiy. Mis houle was hangen abou bh 
feathers. = Capitivie of feachers of diuerg colours the height ofapike, Mozeauer the plate where the 
lets edges, tote his relt was coucren with white Couerletces embpopnerco with douiles of erp witticay 
with red fringes fine woꝛkemauſhip. and fringed round about with a Fringe dpen in che colour of Tkarlet. They 
aduertiſed the king by one of the guwes which chey bꝛought with them, how that (hauing hend 
ol his great ltheralitic they had put to the Sta to come to beſeech him to fuccour them with vin, 
als in thetr great want and neceflitie: and that in ſo doing, he ſhould binde them all hereatte 4 
remaine his kaithkull friends and lopall defenderg againt all his enemies, This good Judunn u 
ſoone readp to doe them pleaſure, as they were tu demann it, conunaudev his ſubiects that 
would fil our Penneſle wich mil and beanes. Afterwatd he cauſed them tu bing him ſite pus 
othing Gate. his Captttep mane like lite couerletz & game them to ous men with {0 liberal a müde, an thep ca 5 
5 lp perceiumi che vetire which he had to become cheir ketten. In recompence of all cheſegium Me | 
men gaur him two cutting bookcs and certnine other trifles, where with he held humſelfe 5 
fatifien, This being done, our men tooke their leaue of che king which foꝛ their farewell, uw 
ching els but that they ſhould returne ik chen wanted victuals, k that chep Might allure themiius I 
ol hun that they ſhould neuer want any thing that was in his power. Cliherefoꝛe they imbartn 
Oudescom chemſelues, mid ſapled towards Charles. ſurt. which from this place might be fome fiue and n 
ty leagues diſtant. But as ſoone ag our men thougbt themfelucs at their eate,¢ free from ih w 


gers whereinto they had expoſed themſelues night and day in gathering together of vicnula hmm 
and there: Lo, euen as they were afleepe, che fire taught in their ludgings with ſuch Furie, ung 
increaſed by the winde, that che roome that was built top them belozt our mens departure, vn 
The fort fer an canſumed in an inſtant, without heing able to ſaue any thing, ſauing a little of their victuals, 


ae Wibereupon our men being farre from all fuccours, founn themſelueꝝ in ſuth cxtrenitie ihat wih. 


out che ayd of Almighty God, che onclp fearcher of the hearts and thoughts of men, whidauc 

koꝛſaketh thoſe that fecke him in their afflictions, they had bene quite and cleane out ofallbope, 

Fa the next day betimes in the morning the King Audulta and Ring Maccou tame thither, w 

ree companitd with a very good companie of Indians, which knowing the mifforeune, were bery (oy 

for it. And then they vttered unto their ſubtects the {peenp diligence which they wert mu bie l 

building another houſe, ſhewung onto them that the Frenchmen were their louung frienne, Fehn 

they had mane it euident unto them by the gifts and prefents which they had receiuen s puuimg 

that wholdeuer put not his helping hand vnto the worke with all his might, ſpould be cle 

buprofitable ard as one that had no good part in him. which the Srauages rare aboue allibngs, 

This was che ocraſion that euery man began to endeuour himſelke in Such fore, that in lelſethen 12 

houres,chep had begun and finithen a houle which was very necre as great as the former, (hich 

being ended, they returncd home fully contented wich a few cutting hookes and hatchets whith 

they recetucn of our men. Mithin a finall while after this milchance, their victuals began to um 

thopt: and after our men had taken good deliberation, thought and bethous he themſelurg age 

they found that there was no better wap for them then to returne againe to the king Ouade un 

Couexis bts brother. Utherefore they refoluen to lend thither fome of ther company the nen bp 

following : which with an Indian Canosa faplen vp into the countrey about 10 leagues: afftt: 

ward they found a very faire ¢ great riuer of freth water, which they kailed not to ſearch out: thep 

rocodites, kolmd therein a great number of Crocodlls which in grcames paſſt thle of the riuer Nilussmoy 

weodlte. guer al along the bankes thereof, chere grow mighty bigh Cpprelies. After they had taper alm 
Epvieties. , while in this place, they purpofed to follow their tourney helping théfelues lo wel with the woes 

würnen tw the that wilhout putting themieines im danger of the continuall perill of the Ota, ihey comemtothy 

One V ot countteꝑ of Ouade: of whom they were moſt courteoullp tereturd. They adurttiſtd himol — 

unde. c 


WES °F rece. . 
e to Florida, 


— 
e much ado to hy 

nereſlary lo; ihc. 
into the counttty ¢ bs 


) The firft voyage to Florida. raftiques and Difcoueries, 


317 
c cahonwherefore they came againe co bifite him, and told bin af che mifchance which 
3 fince their laſt voyages: how had not oncly loft their 
the, eee tuogaen en fa 


6 bountifullp : that f 
erceiued a wert lo bolde as to come once — 
m. Aſſoone as thy . 
AB in chis compan, 
pich were with hn, 
ed verp kriendhu kin 
— oe a Mone then fae 
ace, poteſtingen b i for that day hee would natſuter them, but retatned 
aithlull defendou: I ſiugbt to make the beit cheere — deuſe. The next day heey earely * — 
led chem owa ning he tooke chem with hum to ſhewe chem the place there his come grewe, and ſaide vnto 
banged about ins 1 them that thep ſpeuld not want as lung as all that mil did laſt. Alterward be gaue them a cer. Frrerding 
act wenne armee of ercerving face pears gn . ano cevtane lure pare, fsa 
ne ver ume Our men forgot not to giue him certaine trifles ance bel pelenten, and requicen pr re. 
bof Skarlee, Cy + ofbim che place whence che ſiluer oare and the Chhiſtall came, He mane them ani were, chatit where ngen 
hat denen , came ten apes tourney bela babitation wp within the tet p: um sha the tnbabitants ir gosta, 
dur them with uin | > ofthe countrep did dig the fame at the foote ak certatne high mountames, where they fend of tit cn bape 
bem all bereatin n HEE is iaverp geo dum. Being topfull to vnderſtamd fo Artem wer and to haut come to the ie min fom 
his good Fup 1 of chat which malt delired, they Cooke their leaue of che king, and returned by Note. 
8 ſubiects that in ʒſelane fate by which they came, 
ng bum Lite put > Behold how our men behaued themfcines verp well hitherto, although they had 
emu an ther endured many . ˙ agementof Ge mong ye 
of all chefe situs og tt that choſe which could not bee duercome by fixe nop water, fhoulD be undone by ther one 
eld himſelle tues, ternary ta — — 
aie ay ln nbn cen denen Se tore 
4 inthe ancient e Unto munber this ti 
— 1 4s wa . da krom their countrey and abfent . 4 
d free from im 
ther of victula he 
ich (uch linie, ug 
gr pa tauſe 
ki vicuuli i : 
stem Pee re Cebit bis cheeamings in vrecutton:tober. 
Of meu, whuß mur 
leane out ofal haßt. 
u tame thut, at 
8 ö 
they were ww in Fee bis mannes 
ung frienpe, ert romereate from bap to Dap and fearing to the bangers of the othes,cefolucd to Captaine 
4 — pe, eno ae beer Bat nese hi enn 2 
‘ rles- 5 
rein 2 diſtant At — — out 3 leagues where they fand him almott half pean . 
chat in N 
che fomer. (abi 
and hatchets which 
uals began to 


with 2 
e king Ouade u hil rent — ning rather bet ro 
hilt. After thar it was finétheo, chey 


pe riuer Nilussmoye 


Dauing 
ey had Raper ami anetrean into „ But that — eegese 
re cent a 3 
— hale SEMA et pees, hing Auta Maccou cameta them, atconypatnen 
¢ 


with 


— 


ſhewed the king in what neede of coꝛdage they ſtood: who promilin them to returne within tia 
dayes, aud to bring fo much as ſhould ſuffice to furniſh the Pinneſſe with tackling, Our mey 
being plealed wich theſe good newes e pꝛomiſes, beſtowed vpon them certaine cutting hocktg 
‘ and ſhirtes. After their departure our men fought all meanes to recouer rolen in the woones, 
Pe tocathe wherin they cut the Pine trees round about, out of which they dꝛew fuffictene reafonable quan. 
Cordagefos titie to bꝛay the velfell, Alſo they gathered a kind of molle which groweth on the trees of thig 
tachie, countrep,to ſerue to calke che fame withall. There nom wanted nothing but faples, which they 
made of their owne ſhirtes aud of their cheetes. M ichin few dapes alter the Judian kings te, 
turned to Charles fort wich fo good ſtoꝑe of coage chat there was found fuffictent fo, tackling 
of che {mall P inneſſe. Dur men as glad as might be, vſen great liberalitie towards them aud a 
their leauing of the countrey lelt them all the marchannife that remained leauing them thereby 
fo fully {atifticn, that they departed Crom then wiih all the contentation of the woꝛlde. They 
went forward therefore to finith che Bꝛigandine. ¢ vfe fo ſpeevie viligence, that within a hoy 
time afterward they mane it ready kurniſhed wich all things. In the meane ſealon the tung 
came fo fit fo; their purpaſe that it fecmed to inuite them to put to the Dea: which chep ry 
Without delay, after chey hav ſet all their things in oer. But befme they departed they en 
barken chet artillerie, their loge, and other munitions of warre which Captaine Ribault hay 
Weite with. lelt them and then as much till as thep could gather together. But being dyunken wih ty 
out luſicient too exceſſiue io, which they had contetued loꝛ their returning into France, of rather deprive 
vüttuais. ak all kozelight + conſideration, without regarding che inconttancie ol the winds, which change 
in a moment, they put chemſelues to ſea, and with ſo ſlender victuals that the end of cheir intr, 
pꝛiſe became vnluckly and vnfoztunate. 

F op after they had ſayled the hid part or their way, they were ſurpʒized with calmes which 

did ſo much hinder chem, that in thee woekes they ſailed not aboue fiue and twentie leagurs, 
vb cal During this time their bictuals confanen, and became lo ſhodt, that euery man was contra 
ined, ned ta cate not paſt twelue graines of mill by the day, which map be in value as much as tive 
peaſon. ea, and this felicitie laſted not long : for cheir victuals failed chem altogether at once; 
and they hav nothing for their moze aſlured refuge but cheir ſhooes and leather ierkins which 
they did eat. Touching their beuerage, ſome of chem danke the fea water others did Drink ther 
cen biin: ton dune vzine: and they remained in fuch velperate netellitiea very long ſpate, during the whidh 
want ol feſh part ot them died for hunger. Beide this extreme famine, which did fo grieuoully oppeie 
1 them, they kell euery minute ol an houre out de all hope euer to fee France againe, inſomuch that 
they were couſtraiued to caſt the water contiuually out, (hat on al fines entred into their Bntt. 
And euery day they fared woꝛſe and woꝛſe: for after they had eaten vp their ſhooes and ther 
leather ierkins, there arofe fo boyſtrous a winde and fo contrarp to their courſe, that in then: 
ning ofabanoe, the waues filled their velſell halfe full of water and bzuſed it vpon the oneive, 
Being now more out of hope thé euer to eſcape out of this extreme peril, they cared not i tal 
ing out of the water which now was almoſt ready to dʒowue them. And as men reſolued tore, 
cuerp one fell downe backe warde, and gaue theniſelues ouer altogether vnto the will ofthe 
waueg. Chen as one of them a little hauing taken heart vnto him declared vnto them howl: 
tle way they had to ſayle, alſtiring them, that if che winde held, they ſhould {ce land within thut 
dayeg. This man did fo incourage them, that after they had tho wne the water out of the pa: 
nelle they remained thee dayes without eating oꝛ dꝛinking, except it were of the fea vun. 
TCihen the time ol his pꝛomile was expiren, they were more troubled then they were bein fee: 
ing they could not diſcry any land. TTiherefoꝛt in this extreme deſpatre certaine amongihem 
made this motion chat it was better ihat one man ſhould dye, chen chat fo many men fhoub pe: 
riſh: they agvecd therefore that one foul die to ſuſtaine the others. Tibich thing was rem 
bt gg la · ted in the perſon of La Chere, of whom we haue ſpoken heretofore, whole flit was deudee 
: qually among bis fellowes : a chung fo pitifull to recite chat my pen is loth to wnite it. 

After ſo long time and tedious traucis, God of bis vling his accuſtomed fair, 
changed their ſoꝛow into ioy, and ſhewed vnto them the fight ol land. Ahereot they were fore 
ceeding glad, that ihepleaſure caufen them to remaine a long time as men without lence: bert 

She Frenen by they let the Pinnelſe flote this and that way without holding any right way op courte. Buta 
pep eel mall Engliſh barke boarded the veſſtll. in the which there was a Frenchman which had benem 


an Eng 


Watht. the firſt voyage into Florida, who eafilp knew them, and ſpake vnto them, and afterward gaut 


Roſen to bap 
thips. 


318 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. The firſt voyage to Florida. 


— — —— 
with two hundꝛed Indians at the leaſt, whom our Frenchmen went forth to meete withall and 


them meat and dzinke. Incontinentiy they recoucred their naturall courages, and ay 


A. I 


= vato bans 
tobe done 
ret unto 
fee in bꝛiel 
And non 


France, mp J 
themen twbte 


. 
10 Florida. 


A. Nene Laudonniere. Traffiques and Diſcoueries 


neete withal 1 pan at large all their nauigation, uch *. 
at end V no ban at large all thew naugation. The Engl 

—_ — 100 i tobe co a wee tetolued to banken shove at were ears eae =e belt 

e ah webbots te Rte 

min the woche, N abe iY gothw n wich he mo cleat tee „ babe in Pld, 100 e 

teatonablequin, F 

n che trees of thig 


The ſecond voyage vnto Florida, 


faplesyubich iby e: | made and written by Cap- 

lan ki 7 re, which fortifie inhabi P 
bm ales 1 dee d and inhabited there two fess 
varDs them aud ; Leer our arriuall at Diepe, at our cunnnin 

a 2 home, fr 

zene ts eee 

NN Pe 4 rreg 
15 3 a het 1 ohn Ribault bav pꝛntſed them ; wberret — —— Kup 
hc e beta ag uit ar ers abun, as beret dt 
‘ teb th vdo 75 = b fufficiensip coutica,anv ag it map moꝛe as lasge be vndertlond were 
6 —— . — T eden le eee beton. Alu the peace wae name m fil beet. 
wuhen wich hy e kung, chat he Nemo nonewew at att of 
n rather Depriury 
ads, which change 
end ol their intr: 
with calmes which 
d twentie leagues, 
nan was contra: 

much as tu 

«te — — 1 7 embatken wete very Laudonnier 


erkins whit of England : aud then ; e ae 
erg dm been Go virett co Sans abs pte cai gl dr. fl 
neee , nics eof whic calle he fe Salute Utcante an 2 thie kahn ian set e 
m K 
neon it PRS in eke cee bedeute rng nge Sarge gen fle . 
Dinto their Bark, is am epeceving high mount vert as high as chat of Etna wech rileth np — 

rſe, chat in then · 

t vpon the ouefive, 


y cared not in tal. 
nen reſolued tod, 
nto the will ofthe 
onto them heul 
e lum within dyer 
ster out of the pu⸗ 
ok the fea nur. 


ine hh e to N . th the erive the inhabitants nos able eu 
cin ote mae — chinge as were n 5 


lahevein the wines kante me foto he 
fom at the Amilles 1a going on land at the e. Coe Fhe of 
next Bap we ortiued at Dominica, twelut leuguen vida from Pens. 


. endet Aang oF te Cont, 


accuftomed favour, 
cof hep wert fort: 
thout lente: where 
ap op courſe. But i 
ae 

md afterwardg h y call 14 the 1 

nn , it foie miles of 50, went backe a⸗ Of great ext. 

ges, and bnd ry could pollcbly. Mech armen per leneit. 


ceiued 


The Englith Voyages, &c. M. Rene Laudon niere. 


„„ RS Sed 
teiued and entred with diligence into the ether Canoa wherein they caught the poore Indian, 
g touche him vnto mo. But the poore fellow became fo aſtonied in beholding vs, that hekney 
not which way to behaue himſelte, becauſe that ( as after ward J bunerttood he feared thar he 
was fallen into the Spaniards hands, ol whom he had bene taken once beloze, and which, as he 
Hewed vs, had cut ol his ſtones. At length this pooze Indian was ſecure ot vs, and diſcourſe 
vnto vs of many things, wheref we reteiued very ſmall pleaſure, becaule we vnderſtood not his 
minde but by his fignes. Then he veſired me to giue hun lraue to depart, and pꝛomil cd me that 
he would bring me a thoufand pꝛeſeuts, whereunto J agreed on condition that he would haue 
patience vntill the next day, when J purpoled to goe on land, where J fuffered him to depatt 
after 1 giuen him a ſhirte, and cer taine mall trifles, wherewith he departed very well coy: 
tented vs. 

The place where we went on hore was hard by a very high Nocke, out ol which thereran 
litle riuer of ſweet and excellent good water: by which riuer we ſtayed certaine dayes to diſco 
uer the things which were worthy to be ſeene, and traffigued dayly with the Indians: whi, 

aboue all things beſought vs that none of our men ſhould come neere their lodgings nop ther 

gardena, otherwile that we fhould gine them great cauſe ok ielouſie, and that iu ſo doing, wee 
chould uot want of their fruite which they call Ananas, whereof they offered vs verp liberal, 
reteiuing in re vnpente certaine things ol ſmall value. This notwithſcandung, it happento on 
a day chat cert: ine ol our men deſirous to ee ſome new things in shele range countries wal. 


eb though the woods sad following lil elite ruucrs ide they Spien two ferpents of b. 


ding bignes, which went five by fine ouerthwart the way. opp foulniers went betope them think, 
ing to let them from going into the woods: but the ferpents nothing at all aſtonied at thele gr. 
ftures glanced into the buſhes with fearful hyſlings: vet fo) all that my men de w their ſwon 
and killed them, and found them afterward 9 great foote long, and as big as a mans leg. Dy. 
ring this combate, tertaine others moze vndilcrecte went and gathered their Ananasuche 
Andians gardtus, trampling thꝛougb them without any deſcretinn: aud not chertwithal en 
tented they wẽt toward their dwellings whereatthe Indians wert ſ much offended, that ul 
out regarding any thing they ruled vpon chem and diſchargen theit ſhot, ſo that they hit one of 
my men named Martine Chaueau, which remainen behind. C Cle could not know whether her 
were killed on the place, oꝛ whether he were taken pꝛiloner:loz chole of his company had inough 
to doe to ſaue themſelues without thinking of their companion. III hereot Monſieur de Ottigai 
my L ieuetenant being aduertiſed, ſent vnto me to know whether J thought goon that he thouly 
lap an anthuch foz che Indians which han either taken oz killed our man, oꝛ whether hee houy 
go directlp to their dwellings to know the truce), I ſent vnto him after good delibcration here 


vpon, that he ſhould not attempt any thing and thas fag Divers occafions sbutcontrariwiteda ume 


he ſhould embarke himſelf with al viligence x conlequendy al they that were on land: whidbe 


did with (peed. But as he ſapled towards our Hips he perceiued along the More a greatuum: F i 
ber of Zudtans which began to charge them with their arrewes: hee for bis part uilchargen 


Lore of (hot againſt them, yet was not able to hurt them oz by any meanes to furppife ihm: in 
which cauſe he quite forfooke them, and came vnto our ſhip. Wihere taping vutill the nen 
moming we ſet ſayle following our wonted courſe, and keeping the ſame, we viſcoucred dune 
wis are in Illes conquered by the Spaniards,as the Iſles of S.Chriftopher, and of the Saintes, of Mow 
Florida the 22 
Saxe Pran d- ward New France. Caibere we arriued 13 dapes after, to witte, an Thurſedap the 22 of Ime 
being bernert about 3 of the clocke in the afteruoone, and Landed neere a lile riurr which is 3.0 began 
Dolpbinsany ant from the Equstor, and o lagues aboue Cape Francois Nawing toward the South wa 
. e bout thirtie leagues aboue the Niuer ol May. Alter wee had ſtrochen (apie cup caſt abet 
the bitance zo athwart the Riuer, Z determinen to goe on (hope to diſcuuer she fame, Therefore being accom: 
— ry panied with Monſieur Ortigni, with Monſieur de Arias mine Cnfigne,¢ a cirtaine numberof 
roleaguesay Gentlemen and ſouldierg, J embarken my ſelfe about; 02 4 of the clocke in the eucning, Aap 
ur land. heing arriued at the mouth of the riuer, J caulen che chanell to be founded, which was found to 
be very ſhallom, although that farther within the fame the water was there found cealonable 
deepe which ſeparateth it felfe into two great m mes, whereof one iunneth toward the Sout, 
and the other toward ihe Noth. Hauing thus fearched the River, J went on laud tolpeeke 
with che Judians which waited ſoz vs vpon the More, which at our comming on lar d. em be 


fore vs, crying with a loude voyte in iheir Indian language, Ant ix ola Be naſſov, u bich is s 
much tu ſay, as byother, rund, opfome (uch like hing. Alter ihey had made very 1. 


ſerrate, aud La Redonda : Afterward we paſled between Anguilla and Ane gada, ſaylngu- 1 


— 
zudon niere. 


—— 
he paoze Indun, 
Fus, that heknew 
he ftartd that he 
and which, as he 
8, and diſcourſc 
nderſtood not his 
PLONE CD me that 
at he would haue 
rev hum to depart 
ted very well coy: 


110 ji i ˖ at atmine arina, fate thor, Che rimroe 
great number ol Dolphives wh, h were plaping in the me 


5, mouth theteot, Chenert nay the 23 of 2% ö ib. 0 

which there rn chis moneth (bernuiſe that the South's hav not founty common Sauages. 

neDapes toot, eee bun ebene gen ee w eee 
Indians: uhu towarn the rer of May, here we ; Dapesatier, Etat anther, Aterward LOM on epeie arrinan | 
odgings 102 then rth ara rumibee ot enten end Soeuilbers i kinotn for tettaintie the ittihari. 4 tbe rues of 14. 
tin ſo doing, tee laber air herne ot, . pere, che chimed: wöleh came berate (cif wa ©” 115 
vs very lber tte ver lade char we Lato tn the voyage ol E Toh den tbl ang iff 
. ee aach eie iht bd noe nete, 1 
ecaumtties wal. pe came to meet . i fonnes, an faire’ unge perſbns ay, 

fexpents of m. . % Athy: 

pete them tb Sesto ie et ear tote mich were therein theft baff, ge 

tonied at chele gt, wa puinetpatty to them to hlt chis ſperch once them. Chere boas in thete krayne a great nun. 

dem their finns bet often and bo- men which ail made b much ok vs and bp eudent fignes made v tuner. 

a mans leg. Du ftand how lav they were of dur atrial, aerate pan the Parscontfy Hay. 

pete Ananasuche en me ke yor lee the pillar which we bar evedten in the voyage of lohn Ribault (as we haue de⸗ 

tthercwitheltn⸗ . hep be gat acomneot, N 
kkendedecbaruh, mung peedit oreo no beings come th the Place where it was fee » Wee fp che Rul crown. 

batchep bitomet TE tame crewmen with crown nd at the foote thereof many litle let ill lee Tn.. 
know wheiher h which they call in their language A Tapols. Chen when cher cane thither they kitten Fell and muuro. i i 
mpany had tough the fame with great reuerente ann i to ba thelite, whrch we would nat bent ned with (alt ( 
onſieur de Oui di the ende we t dawe them to i his de 

yood that he thouly fecr 

nce 

| cration 5 

t contrarimiſe it fame title of Paracoufly: Che elvett ignamen Athore,aman 9 Dawe the fete 

on lands which be 


: Sheet A Date ſay, perfect in b fe. 
: dome mo honett fob; ietie,thetuing by bis mopett auitie chee be pete 8 i 
ode agreatwum be gentle and N 

8 part wifcharyes 
ſurpꝛiſe ihm: in 
vntill the nen ap 
diſtoucred dune 
e Saintes, ol Mos 


egada, ſaplagu- 

pap the 22 — 

is 3.0 beguits 

3 thet tie with ; tion, to ote te 1 arts 
wie end 1 , AND painted deuites of ſtrange and di colour 

eloge being accom, linely a portracure, and repꝛeſenring antiquity, wich rues oii compat, dee terete 8 
tertaine numberof Bainter {0 erquifite that cotity fue faute ith : the natural di ofttion of this trange 
baste dream g te 91 — — 1 
phic on ant che 

2 ene ben eer, e * 

oward ih , aduertiſed Paraconfly§ ‘ dilcuuer 

ne on laud to lpetht * this thous been a bettas bik ‘pene 
gon land comme be t wherewith he was content Promittitig to tax for me in che me 
naſſov, u hich is s kerneſt of hes 


sa 2 RCO me r Dpere be was: and 
nan of Ferme de olteces me bis goanty Chinne whith J refulen then, and i⸗ 

ban ateiu tt of bin at my renne. me him kerrahe ſmall en ln 
intent bi nome Rema, 18 . 
Dds; 


de herp iach ots, 
(bei he 


Departing 


TheEnglifh Voyages, &c. N. Rene Laudonniere. 1 WR 


SE eee ED —— 
Departing from thence, J han not layled chyce leagues vp the river, Mill being ſollowed ß peru 
the Tudiang, which coaſted me a long the riue r, crying Mill, Amy, Amy, that is to fap friende, nut batch. 
kriende: but J dilcgutxev an hill of meane height, neere wht Jwent on land, hard by the _o 
ſieldes that were fowen with mil at one comer whereof here was an boule built (oy their long. wen, babi 
Sr. ing, which keepe and garde the mill: fox there are ſuch numbers of Cozuich choug hes in this aime let 
f Cowmerep, which continuallp neuouse and ſpoyle the null, K 25 ave gouttraincy e 
to keep ae li Gosia Sse bs een! Si DO . a reften, ns N.. 2 r 
Monfieuwrde this place fo) certaine hour eg t commanded Monficur de Ort my ena f 
Seu. us Denomestale conte N no Hn ae 3 — 
0 me v i re finding their way to Felted vnder ihe contri! 
omy of a mighitenk 10 ene uttle and ae p to take, ; 
hen shep vilcourseay as it were oy che line Ge 4 1 a hiöncn tn the woones, — 
, which f Rene ie nop 0 ene Son aga — 
Antipola Bonaffoy, fo dhe end ee om e ene 
bone uch cep n rece a be hat ew keigtle don 
bar is 75 a n ae parrelled bee * — 
inch that the fo) pone ane dale chen abe rect, {ccing ti Bice dl te 
ey e — 5 1 iat ton; pap went towns , Eline un 
1 Aber bt him Pat Puen ante uin the Deum 
ba ab mabe 1 ay 4 ou Palme im kahn ta he , Ae ele 
pas fuch canis 0 manta ompatnD Wü ac edt 
ato N beiminter te 
The curtetie aeg i fe su ae i inal nin Atlier 156 
dial zuche Which tended to no other end, but sharke ap cainf diy tocome an che Her, 
unc. fee his divelling ara Sones pledge ol betta an: i eit 
tie. he gaue vnta my A icuetenant Qevgni, the te ifite, Ti 
fen coke yp de anne Jeu ba hes; Japan hard oun 
Paracoutly. Mopfigns Octigni, aug cervtaine Cb 0 ‘na = areas upon the Jus wer ent whi 
ouldiers: and the el which cod not patted 4 and recdes,, wentthur) wotwittendin 
woodes, and followed a Fe ath which cece cathe uta the Ps TE kagge chat al 
lach le dwelling: out ol ¢ cag about fiftic Irdians to reteius nin men g. chis pre, an 
tly, and to 4 7 after their manner. Alter which ihey brught at iheir cut artnet bf thei 
— bate of earth, made after a ficange thin, of fountain water tleare and vey etal Phen 
excellent, fpake when in 


This vellell was bone by an Fuvian, anv. there was sii pounger wbich barcof . Getfernope into 
this water in another little vellell af wood, aud yelenten chereak to cuerpone to nuke, Fe tight “gaint ch 
obſeruing in doing che lame, a certaine oꝛder and rcucrence, w aber made to cachbichen, bunter the bi 
to whonie hee gaue drinke, Our thirſt well quan ed by thisancanes, aud gut men baun eſpoht pace, w 
Tufficientlp reſreſhed, the Paracoufly thought chem to his fathern lodging, onc ofthe cd emp ther Bo 
0 that lined upon the carth. Dur men regarding his age, began to mate much of bun, bee wanting tc 

Ving hts ſpeech, Amy, Amy, that is to fap, trienbe, frienge, whercat ihe alde ſur hwo tale of ny mo 
him 


elfe ver uantitie 
trina ep za with hen conceit courte a lage: whereunto hene 1 ids. 
auilwere, ſhewing chat he was the ſirſt lining opiginall, from whence hue ripen sc rg Che matter t 


1 
Stagoibe age. larre exceeded him in age. daneben ban „which fermen tu be rather alen carely it 
9 er h ed e e 1 ö . — 


ſpeake regi woꝛd but with ez eat paine. Waage e feng ta pte were ervatio 
racers tothe poongirof ehe e iwo ade men, paping him tovouchlatt toa TR me of the kalen 
ſwerẽ him to that which he demanned touching his age. Then the olde man callena which belides he 


olde companp 
of ndians, and ſtriking twile vpon his thigh, and laping his hand upon two of them hechen 4 anmtenante and 
anke dn e de ee e fmiting vpon their highes, he ewe mad her.; thee | 
him others not fo olde, which were the childzen of the tbe io sic be contamina y, chat A cafily 
mamer DHE ihe lit generation. But though this ade man han bis father atic mage dict iter hon well and tte 
hunlelle, ant that both of chem bin weite thete haire very lung. ee 15 1 J haue fap 


udon niere. 


— 
ing followed by 
s to Lap friende, 
md, Hacd by the 
lt boy cheir long. 
Hhoughes in this 
ore couſtraincd 
SHER, my lelte u 
ergeant to enter 
had gone awhile, 
) eted under ihe 


re ſbat wer 
lud gu men un 
telt, ſceing that 
DP went toward 
Atcant; io) when 
hion, to the rudy 
uad wih buche 
tal 100 71 ) 
nalong Oration, 
ell to come an 
dge ol bette am; 
) 


, puer which ie 
pon, the Tnowns 
eats nite the Je- 
eiue aur men gil: 
at their cutrancca 
r cleare and very 


ger which bare of 
erpone to duke, 
de ta cach ofthem, 
AD our men beeing 
, one of the aldilt 
nake much ot bun, 
e olde lu theme 


shereunto henne 
nerations were de: 


thighes,be haw 
neinued in the fame 


kine mozt olbe he 


ite as was poll. 


= 


oy Se 2S Sere —— ser eee EE eee 
M, Neue Ldudonniere.T raffi ques,and Difcoueries, 


petit unn code them, that they might yet liue thirtie op koꝛtie 


pat pectes mone by the courte of na⸗ 


en two hundꝛed and fiftic pecres 
olde. Sanacesi 
ep tivo young Egles ta be giuen to our Fe 0 0, 
Dee cauled allo little Bauers made of geen ko. 


For vecompence of . 


sete ober; 
néb We bout. with 


dingge ereeis 
Meagamnit 
be poclies. 


5 P Bileny the placr is fo 
beiteten tuchange hett humours 


aud nas ner 
ton hee mannes 
And to bing my m9 to Sateu 
ce, tf bee would 
efoꝛth hoe pꝛomiſed 
ge thither within 
und his men ta make 


bullets 


EE me M le ee hs 77 
324 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. M. Rene Laudonniere. A. R. 
bullet of luer, for his owne part hee prefencen met with hi botwe and bisarrowes,, an ber had to me 
had done bnto Captaine fohn übel kenn Sx vopage, meh ia figne of aperpetuall any. ao 

tie and alliance with thole which they honour with inch a kinde of yyefent, In dur velcour. = 
fing with one another , wee entted mto peach as touching the cxeecaleof axmes, Then the 9 
Paracoufly caufen a copfelet tu be {et on ed, and pꝛaped me to make a ponte of our Vargurbu a whe 
zes and their bowes : but this proofe plealen hum very little; fon alloone as het knen hat om . 4 On the 
Parguebuzes vid ealilp pearce that which all the force of ihtir bowes cond not hurt, beer fF * 
to be {opie muting wich himſelle how this thing mige ber done. JAcwerebclifle, going abou fang a pf 
ol mile m bis minpe that which hen councenance could not oc bp any meanca , het hn 5 
to fail into another matter, aud prayed vs very carneftip to ſtay wich bun chat nigbt in bis boule 2 — 
oz lodging, allirming that no greater could come vnto him chen our long abodt, — 
which de defired to recompence with a thouland ppefents, 5 ö — 
Heuerthelelle wee could not grant him this popnt, but cooke our leaue ef him to cecurne t 1 
Ludonnierss but ſhippes: where ſoone after I cauſtd all my companig to bet allemblen, with the Spats a a 
confuttation | and Pilots of my Chippes, to conſult together of the place mhertof wer fhould make chaten por. rept 
2883 plant our habitation, Firſt I let them vnnerſtand, none of them were ignazant, u | which wen 
bel kap en the part which was tomarde the Cape of Florida, was alegether a muriſh Counmey, ap — 
1e thevefoye tmqpofitablefo3 bur tnbabitation : A thing twbich could perlve neither nüt E I 8 
King, noꝛ any contentment on pleaſure to va, it peraduenture we would inbabite there. Op — pre 
che other fine if wee pallcn further totwarn the Hoch to lecke out Port Royell, lt would Lena. prt on 
thir very profitable noy conurmient: at the leaſt if wer ſheuld gur credtt to the repors of binn 
which rematued there a long time, although the Wauen were one ol the lairrit of the lic te at fete 
Indies: but that in this rale the quettion was not fo much of the beautic of the place, as of ter than 
things neceflarp to lultame life. And chat lo dur inhabtting it was much moze needeui fy nent 
vs to plant in places of victuall, then in goodip Pauens, faire, decpe and pleainm 1 bis Subiects 
tothe view. In e eee eee mut, Ang 
to feate our felues about the Niuer of May : ſering alla that in our fir voyage wee found thy a] 1 
Gist eee, |. nese 

uer founda at was re: a ope 0 x : 

ey After J had propolen hefe things, euerp one gaur bes opinion thereof: um in meu I a Mecbenct 


diligence, that with 5 
une the 29. wennn md was on hunde the ap. of the monet of Jan. Puumm cat kr, | apallifanoel 


: 
5 
: 
= 
3 
4 
g 
2 
i 
8 
= 


wee went on thoare to feeke out a place plaine without trees, which wer pecceiteD from ty — 
Creeke. : Scone 


* a fontrelle, then that where we were laſt. we tocke our way towards the for: eftsbe: id lar 
i ing gabs chan by the poung Paracoutly which ban leone ba befope robs fibers ant. I ur hann 
i we found a large plaine couered with high Pinetrees diſtant a little from che oder: bone of my lone 
at vnder which wee an infinice munber of taggen which bꝛayed mut the punt, ur. A goon Di 
achwart the which we paſſed: then wer vifcoucres a little hill adtopning vnto a great wale bay taule the houles 
greene and in fonme flat: wherein were the fatrelt mevotwes of che wollo, and grafle to fire „lo that . 
g attel, tt is muironed with a great number of hohen ot freſh water, high woods, the deſtription a 

i which make the bale moze delectable to the eye. After J bad taken the biewe thereof atmun Wien, 


eale, name it at the requett of our ſouldiers, The Vale of Laudonmerc, Thus we went in · After 
eee, dat Soon bend gone ailefoar, toe met an te womanof ean, Hecke f dba — 
An termas ASaniDermaplnovite, who came befope hg with a great beſſcii full of cleere ſoumtaine but . Monfieur de Ott 
prope. wherwich the greadiy reftelhet vs. For we were excerding faint byreafon of rhe ardentheu mR e, 9 fea 
which moizitcd bs as ie paiied Gnougd choſt bab wosds. Guy J belerue that without the (ur couſſy Satouriou; 
tour ol chat Indian Dermaphovite, oz rather, W oy Deere ri 


326 he Engliſh Voyages, &c. A. Rene Laudonniere. 


— | 
e him two Indians lo his guides, which taking vpon them to le ad hun m 
——ĩô 1—— got — a wiIdding, fo deſn ous thep were to light with thet ene mug. 


ö i bee place 
' oiled ſayle, and hauing ſayled about twentie leagues, the Jun ' 

1 . bosentan — that five to eſpie Lome of iheir ene nues diſcouered three —ů— 
tee Canocs. Aud immediatly they began to crie I himogoa, Thimogoa, and{pake nothing tilt cher othe 
wan, di to halten foywarn to goe fight with hem: which the Captaine emed to be willing to vor, fran big 
to content them. Liben they came tobooyd them, oue of the Indians gat holde of an Valbett, tenou,a it 

another of an Coutelas in fuch a rage, that hee would haue leapt into the watcr to haue lought acre to me 

with chem alone, Aeuertheleſſe Orrigni would not let them doe it, ſi while hee deferred lu feale, auto 

booꝛd them, be gaue che others relpite to turne the mowes of their Canoas toward the thoare, * 

and fo to eltape into the woods. Againe, the meaning of Ortigni was not to make warte iy Lows, an 

on them of Thimogoa, but rather to make them friennes, and to make them thencefoyth to lun mroumneadine 

in peace one with another if it were poſlible, hoping by this meane to diſcouer vaplp ome new hinoe of fla 

thing. ¢ elpeciallp the certaine courte of the River, Sop this purpoſe he cauſed the barke to re: (ase fap 

tire, wherein were the two Indians his guives, and went with bis men towarde the Canons had, lelt he 
whith were on the Niuers ide. Being come onto them, he put certaine crifles into them, and beanen thei 

then retiveda good way from them, which ching caufen the Indians which were fed away o Belided. 

returne to their boats, and to vnderſtand by this ſigne, that thole of our Warke wert none of reat Olara 

their enemies, but rather comeduely to crattique with them, Cltherefone being thus aſu uae 

of vs, they called to our men to conte neere vnto them: which they did trcomeinently and fe — 

foote on lande, and (pake freely vnto them, with viuers ceremonies auer long to recount, J Seo wheeber 

the ende Ocrigni demaunded of them by fignes ir they had auy Golde op Munter among thet on that they 

But they tolde him they had none as then: and that if he would fend one of his men with them, lous toe bi 

they would bring him without dauger into a place where they might baue fore, Oui painted thete 

ſeeing them ſo willing, Delivered them one of his men which fecmed vtry rtlalu / e, to vm 2 

take this voyage : this fellow Raped with ihem until tenne of the clocke the next morning, lo ww mptnees int 

pi saa that Captaine Ottigay fomewhat olfeudtd with bis long ſtay, ſayled ten great leaguts further umuethe ina 
rier. the River: although he knew not which wap he ſhould goe, yet he went fo farre wp that ber | anlveren cha 
pied the Boate wherein his ſoulditt was: which reporten vnto him, that the Indians would of thele fuceo 

Mayraaking baue carried hun iter great Dapes iourncy finther ¢ told bun that a mg named Mayrratih reany gotten 
nad gende in Gold and Riluer, pivele in thole quarters , and chat fo {mail quancitic of marthandilt e he oor 
and att. nough might be hav of hum: pet that hee would not hazmd himſclle hunſelfe without his Lew, gane, wicht 
and that he bꝛought but a very little Golde. This being vone, our men returned toward en bad lapl bab 

Fort Caroline, After thep hud left the ſoulvier with the Anwians to enfourme hunlelte ma tyoe was oll 

and monde of ſuch things as he might pifcouer sone at leaſurt. f N Kaus een 

Fifcecne dapes after this voyagt to Thimogoa, I diſpatehed Captaine Vaſſeur un mp bewep bimte 

muten Oergeeant allo to returne again into this Countrep , anv to ſecke out the ſouldter which re: and thought ¢ 
woe mained thert in che former + Being therefore imbarked, they fapled.two whole ys: Cibich Capea 
and before they tame to the Dwelling of the Indians , they found two of them on the Riuers to Thimogoa| 

five, which wert expeflp ſent wnto that plate to deſtry whether ap of their enemics wert ofthe livande t 

tome to chat part, with intention to ftarppite them, as they did vſually. a caule that che p 

Aiben they perreiued Captatne V aſſeur they kue w meoneinentip that he was none of thet am faued thy: 
enemies, mo therefore made no Difficultic to come neert vnto the Barke, and ſye brd him bp way, which tar 

ſignes that the Spoutvicr which they fought was not in that plate, but was at that ppeſintuhe The Paroca 

houle of Ring Moloua which was daſſall vnto another great Ming named by them Oln O- the beginning a 

dane de Vrina : zun that the Captathe woch faplerbicheriwarn , bee ob come chice t I jee ail the 

Vesa great quickly: wheruvith be twas content, und tauſed bis men fo rde to that part which the nouns fwonn in his han 
king, ſhewed him: whereat they were fo glan , that they ranne quichip befoze by land to Declare hu ranne into the w 
arrival, which was at the lodging ot hing Molloua, after he had rowes not patt baife aleagu. bad fo fa 
While king Molloua had ended intertaming Captaine Vafleur amp bis ncn the ſouldirr cam chey had had a b 
ems h couſſy ſhewed hi 
. This King cauled bꝛead to bee made, and fifh to bee deſſed after the Indian faſhion to lat e cule to con 
euer. aur men: to whom, while they were at theate , bet made a pifcourte of niuers other Rings bis vaſſeur to fit nex 
friends ¢ allies reckoning vp to the munber of mne of them by name, to nut, Cadecha, Chili, now) and chen b 
Eclauou, Enacappe,Calany, Anacharaqua, Omittaqua, Aequcra, * all phich muded all the ret 
bone nas wich hüte the number ul maße chen font, het afferem of te her he waste ef tema rau deni ae 
Bades to V. med Olata Ouae Veina,. ee a2 — 0 to cetaine of his 


oo 
onniere, 


— 
m to Kad hun in 
h iheir ene mies. 
zues, the Jun, 
pifcoucred thee 
ake nothing elle 
e willing to doe, 
de of an albert, 
r to haue foughs 
e het deferred to 
ward the ſhont, 
make warte vp: 
yencefonth to lun 
vayly lome new 
) the barke to re: 
arde the Canoas 
f into them, and 
ere fled away u 
the wert none of 
ing thus allurey 
mtineutly and fet 
to recount. Jn 
er among 
men with them, 
c forne, Ortign| 
olure, to vier 
next maning, fo 
t leagucs further 
farte vp that he 
e Indians woul 
med Mayrratid 
f marchandile ¢: 
without his lau, 
irned toward our 
ne hunlelle more 


bVafleur un tty’ 
duldter which rt: 
wo whole days: 
em on the Riurs 
eir enemics wat 


was none of their 
—.— 
ntu 
p them Olata O. 
ome thither verp 
hich the nouns 
and to der lart his 
att halfe a leagur. 
che ſouldirr cam 
d wich Indiuns. 
jan faſhion to fa 
8 other Rings his 
Cadecha, Chilili 


quofo : 
se ret 


"Chis 


— a i at 
i ps Se SES) ie 


a 


oe 
ee 


„1 


Lands and abounding in riche s and piinttpally Onatheaqua, which bweitnelre how 1 | 


Belides all this, Molloua recited to Captatne Valeur that the 

tat Olara armen their bneſts, armes, thi legs, 
aa a seed — — — 
mmer tat all, but rather were broken againſt . 
ted whether che kings Onatheaqua and — — 
on that they made of them, he began to doubt 
lous tolde him that they were not, but that 
painted their faces wich blacke, and that the reſt ag Molloua, 
ee 
my forces and that ioyni 
samme hn ms, ge 

at e whi U , 

a euros height of otto gol dll, hee fre UO 
ready gotten of thoſe two Kings, Onathe un, and Houfta 

The good cheere being aH 
Game, with intention to 


mp 


caule that the people of Thimogoa 
and faued che tles by flight : that 
Wap, tobich tarried 
The Parocouſſy 
he beginning and 
howe ail things palſed. 
| Huon in his hand. ſaying that with 
tanne into the woods 


MA. Nene Landonniere.T raffiques,and Dilconenes > 


— neeceemeeneeneees 
This done, — dilcouer 
bee placed as the e Paracouſſy Sarourioua arch of 
pod a his obeyſance thir tit other — — 

en, 
thee others no lelſe puillant then Satourioua, 
from his loꝛd Olata Ouae Vtina, 
tanou, i man cruell in warre, 


jues, and Diſconeries. 327 


the eneniies of Ouse Veina, in whicha , Wal 
whereof bere were unit May, MM, eo 

and char therefore hee was grtatly eltermed in shole partes ten which \y ne 
firtt dwelt 


hotte pon, them goe with. 


two others were named Onatheaqua, and Houſta 


Mn ercrrding 
0 4 rich place, 


get ol that hard ſtone in hi Countrey 
get it in any nerrer place, * n 


Rings alles the balls of the 
: i 
dere dene ene angeben gg 


meanes the arrowes tha 


whether they were a 
Hey were Indians like the rett 
dua, painted them with ted. 
feu Ten ohe ae 
of chofe mountatnes. glad 2 — red. 

e Generall ae 
by daher of armes they bap al Hi 


Dergeant pomiler 


qua, 


Done, and the 


ceuung, dilſembled fo wel 
but to ſubdue 


as they defiren, hes 


being awuerüiſeo ofthis enterprife, retiece fren the woods, 
no newes thereof vnto their aeg ne as hep were cng 
dune of fin oF this elation, cha henne ted him. anv aſtted Vaſſeur of 
thew hum by ſignes 
„ — 
and that his lelle partes 

chat they hav not beene — tpg Thiet 


cup 


— . 
Ja TheEnglith Voyages,8cc. Z.Rene Laudonniere, 


————ů—————5r«ĩ:ç 

afive,and dyew out a little dagger Mucke vp in the toolc ol he houſe, and like a mad man be 
tite bs head aloft, and ranne — —ů — . 
comers ol che hall. aloud vopce, Hyou, the pocht g not at all fo the 
et ue ncn at. he which held the dagger went quickly to put the 
st ei rot re en 

ce ’ 
— moar > eo im bach bee bab rock betope, to ubom 


— 1 — + after, two other of 


> bee could not D 
fo betauſe tenne 

> pute, Che cere 

1 — 4 


— A- arecou 
ab n — — opty Fo a 
e pra tee 


3 08 > bis enemies. @ 
amp mone, — so. band a little of th 
a. who was a Pars couſſy as well an his bother, calla FR) there as it were 

es , which made him alike anſwert as hee did at the ürſt, sieving bimta fhe no moe This done, beet 
chele matters, 1 fox that ume. The fubtill otp Paracously ypaped him wid the leatt, which we 
fwopn, which he would not denie hin, hiking chat hie wand FR emor w asacerca 
ct iuld that it was to another cupe: in Ertan 
t 


3 rewith their „ with fone 

Sloop won their victopies, But leeing no ligne coereot vpon it, ht bol. 
Baring dic ec igh bet bein ea rern Yap nes denn — 
ann, ape oe oe Ses i ea n ito} tenne leagu 


to twath and make it cleane along while iu the Niuer: which de Hed bis countel, w 
Ne NN N Duhballe of che tro 
CCC i vende fabs ota 
found the Paracoufly fitting wpon tapifiries nue ri | — 
Indian fathion, and the Indian chat was Irm went bp land { 
in, Ipt tapiltry, about thom ftoope the wife of the Paracouly, Taten 
with all the young daniels befaye beaten bum tm the balls ee nennen pre tg 
lapve warme a great dealc of mofle in ftead of naphing to iub che Indians (ide, bag — ba eae 
afkep 4 95 againe foy what occafion the Indian 1 Teer upc 
ed for them, Be 
Pattributen their v 
whithout che 8 
fl f all his ppedecefions,tobeate company, ¥ 
. . ee wen — —ꝛ— a 


Sunne rh ay tn os pete acy ) — — 
were thus intonner of ſhaĩe ceremonies, they chaun cu che Pataco 
— 1 — tainement which they had receiuen,¢ lu letting lallt came to me vnto the font: what Ps Gn ee 


— a Ae Rene Laudonniere.Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 329 


b they veclared all unto ine as A haue tected it heretofore, Chee 
1 


And within a wle, July — th pe tas 
ne Anbaus Gave 
bim at mp up. 


j moneths, and that then J woulnt 
The Indians caried this an 


tS things with g 
while thake 
urne his late toward the Count 
looked vpon the Sunne, praping h 9 2 
lis enemies. Thich when hee hav poe by the bo inkleo with 


This ces — tol 
tioua bes fue bundle 
mies blood, Indians, 
at his pleafure, Facoulfies which were (princklew 
11 canna — — the t enemies, which is the one ly and 
Hl triumph r . 
Che Paracouſſy Satourioua had no ſooner ended bis ceremonies and had taben a bie we of all 
lis company. but be embarked bimfelfe, and vſed uch diligence wich his Almadies 02 boates, that 
0 2 — the Sunnes — be arriued on the tetritontes of his enemies about 
t o tenne leagues erward ca them all to goe on land, bee allem · 
bled his caunſell, w bat fiue of the —— outs faile ri 
with balfe the day ſhould approche 


an MCh tte Mis is ut alloone ag 
racouſſj iu map 
9 are 7 bonour of the Feat, 


eC — — as" ESTs 
TheEnglith Voyages, &. Ad. Rene Laudonniere, 


reo allebebairie Pauls of bis enemies to bee (et by befcze bis Doove , and crowned them wt 
tranches 4 Langel. chewing by this gloꝛious ſpertacle the triumph of the victoꝛy which hee hay 
obtained. Aan beganne lamentation and mournings, which afloone as the night te 
ed into pleafures and Dances, 
erence thee 5 ess — ok thele ihings, J Cent a Souldier vnto Sacourious,praping hin 
to lende mee two of bis ppifoners a A r ne ordre bin 
e, a 
ding vnto mee , and that A had broken mp p2 0 Ir 


i uall. N vnderſtoode by my Dou 
. aoe de cmuengenof this auage, um to make him know how dent 
coſt him: therefore J commanded mx Dergeant to prouins 


8: beſides that certaine Souldiers rem: 
t to ſuffer no Andian to goe front 

enance, at length A demaunded wher, 
commaunded them pꝛeſenuly to ber 


knowing which wap they were gone, 
Chen Ileemed to make as though A 
aine, and fo2 Come of his princtpall allies. 
ecke out be sgn ta 
er. 
1 the lodging of the Paracouſſy, they humbly laluted mee, and lifting ty 
aue fallen downe pꝛoſtrate as it were at my feet: but q un 
hem away with me vnto my owne Fot. The Paracouly 
bethought himlelke by all meanes how het muy 
and the better to couer bis incention, in 


being 
be ttuenged of vs. 
fent his meſlengers 


Thimogoa: which co 

Heo withthe 1 parts, hee hab an open patlage againd Onatheaqua bis ancient ew 
mie, which otherwile he could not let vpon. Mozeouer that Olata Ouse Veina was ſo mg! 
Patacou chat Satourious was not able to tulth Cano his forces: but being agreed together do 
tight eafilp overthrow all their enemies, 

. ne hep 

failed not to doe, aduertiling me that P 


— pte op the River , 


Charles the ninth was wawen very lir lx fo? gaue mie! 
the honeſt entertainment which was glur . rm 
Enſigne, 
the foment 1 


gallant Wouldiers. 


M. Re 


i ill concin 


balfe a leag 
then all the l 
uer written, 
uer with wa 
therewith, a 
the medowe⸗ 
not being at 
had burnt the 
that they bat 
kindled many 
being not a 
But euen as 


tame vnto me 
diſcourſe, and 
| kets full ol op 
to continue w 
him in mp lert 
found it very ſ 


bunt vp an inf 


the water, and 
wherefore her! 
moze towards 
try and to reti 


Daun va 


but bee veep pp 
n the Andlan 
the obedience of 
bautd himſelfe i 


f Off and t. 
the fire was quite 
the aire, that the N 


t twas almott rear 
fonts, thut in the 


Monſieur de Ar 
* Oonldie rs ab 


a the harte of Farrcouſſy Sarourioua iH f an 


sudonniere, 


rowned ther wih 
opp which hee hay 
me as the night be: 


rioua,praping hin 
vas nothing bebo: 
B hav c wohne vn 
as come bac he with 
n know how dent 
ergeant to prouins 
e after J was com 


demaunded when 
8 prefentlp toon 


Pode along whit 
Toutly, that beings 
woods, and the m 

ing them agu 


mee, and lifting y 
y fett: but q uu 


dame Rie 
of (Gh Wt 


ne and twentieth of A : b 
e wo > 29.01 Rg. 


2 
o 


| pifcourfe, and a ver 

q kets full of Maiz, of 

d continue with mee, 
im in my feruice, 


ance againſt 
if u. had pleaſed me) 
te: aſſur ing him furs 

no moze oꝛdinante ſbould i 
bts aithull pꝛotetteur as 


Plofice, 
turned to aſſure t 
from his dwellim 


bons ther in che mouth ol 
Cutts, whereof there iſſued a 


D yuo 


re 
bie manp dangerous difeates: a, ied ot ity 
and almott rea 


d in the N 
mong vs, inſomuch that moſt ol my men Vet ner with ibis 


ing it pleaſed our mercifull God ſo to pro 
ed their health without the loſſe of any one ok them. 
VHonſſeur de Arlac, Captaine Va 


d with their Che thirde 
ame Houddlers about the tent i 12885 


tember. 


on <ratton a ap inte parts bee Cene mee Capeaine V 
ebacke — — iers with 


afleur and the 

me onely flue Souldiers . 

Andians is alwapentu wage tout by lurppile, Vina reſolued to The tndiane 
Fe 2 


matter of war, 
une of war, 


—— the 


332 


1 his men to trauaile 
that they pꝛayed our 
ol their pieces might 
but that thole of the village o 


luer, and tertaine prefents from Veina, 
galb,and pain’ ther things,withathoutand chankes, whic 
ap enterppife of nmpoztance I could haue neede of his men, 
dꝛeth and aboue. a i i 

CCAbile A thus trauailed to purchaſe friends, a topꝛattiſe one while with one here, an otiertwhi: 
ertaine Souldiers ol my company were ſuboꝛned vnder hand by one nun 
which put in their heads that hee was a great P/ 
he had dilcouered a Mine ol golve and ſdluet lait 
his life,) euery Souldier Gould receiue tn rear 
befine and aboue fifteene dund zer thouſond which 
fore they allien themfelues with La Roquene 
Le Gente, in whom not wichſtandung Ihe 


Gieures meſſa 
to Laudoniete 
in the Souldi⸗ 
ers name. 


Dis anſwere. 


anyone ete, Wet r 
wh etter, But as 
Faul pra · which be writ to met of that matter, thee gentle Sout 
nean he to haue killed met, and my Lieutenant allo, if by chance 3 
emen. About the twentieth ol Weptember, 
the building of 2 a according 


Laudonniers 
ſickneſſe. 


Laudonnieis & · fives mee, 
votpetarie. chieuous intention, 


to take his 
inuectiues 
company: 
with all his 

uer. Jud 
heave recon 

the woods fi 

m lion.) un 
death, caude 

The fewer 
tuals as wer 

| —- other cowart 
was thefpac 


was erceeding 
whom J cad 
5 ſelfe with Gier 
into France : ht 


udonniere. 
to paſſe. hee made 
, ſo well aduifer, 
ide) that the noyſe 
march fo fecretip, 
ut flue and twen: 
their endeuour tg 
but finding them: 
ed) alle beboloing 
b, with a thot of a 


M. 


Nene Landonniere. raffiques & Diſcoueries. 


| oo » bith A was to recetue one o two dayen atter, 


that hee woulo giue hun 
which hee himlelle would put into my dzinke. But the 


pitch ouer the pearch, oz at th: leat 


tS. which was Maſter of the fire. 

— with certaine others reſolued toh 

mp bed, aud by a trame to Let it on fire, 
Cponthele pꝛactiſes a Gentil 


lonſieut de Arla, & 


a, women, and chil 
ir men, which ley 
pith Veina was ve 
acke againe with, 
turne bꝛought mee 
ted Chinnes, any o: 
ronnifen thet if ina: 
nee with ehree hur: 


here, an otherwhik 
hand by one name 
was a great paz 
e and ſiluer farte yy 
uld ret eiue in ty 
ped thouland which 
with La Roquere 


would depurt then 
on cusp five tont: 


re emt itt letters 


vont other ihn 


hard (peeches, 
— cop des toll 


Alter theſe things eherefore in this fort patten 
. Bourdet determ n. d to leaue mee and tore 


with bi 


a) an balfe from our Foꝛt, 
ner J ſent them 


B Bao chat which wag wople. two f lemi 
Alay the nther Barke 


8, (as J unnerſto 
be Alle ol Cuba, 
vpon. And haui 


333 
fone dzugge that Houle make mee 
a little Irlenike 0} quicke Silucr, 
thecary denicd bum, as did in like mas 


Wojkes, Thus wholly diſappointed Of both his The aner of 


ide a litle 


barrell of gunne. powder vndernealh de frd-wen⁰ 


Faptaine Bours 
get arrtned m 


uiſion of ſuch v 
Ferriere, and 


ſent vnto 1 qu g 
ur fhinnes l. 
xing about a poun Weight. In retom 
es of appatcll, with tertaine cutting hohes 


» about 


to catrp him 
S after his pes 


an Up bie 
din 


Mariners. 


2 Mee as was poſſi 
vp our Rive f 


od afterwards )tooke a Ba 
rein they founde a cert 


© 
they came vnto W 1a 


reupon 


: Doczeden t miſchiefe which med Francis 
auge. ben J (aw my Bark aha i 


commanvedinp Carpen 


es returned nat at their wonted 
ders wich all dil 
Wes ol theſe 


foun 
8. as commonly cauſed my Sawyers co nouide 
ol my thicues ; but all was in vaine, | fo: ; 


determined to cauſe two u S. 
nate ot bch man dee deen ' 
4 * 


ne A 


dere: 
long in the keele. 
* And 


TheEnglifh Voyages, &c. A. Rene Laudonniere. 


all riche: which was to arme t 
.ind good men: and then to fatle onto 


222 
ſettung 


ent with this ancwere. But cight vapes after, w Au 
A tell iche. Then my leditious compay 
occaſion to exetute thee 


it I woulde not confenc vnto their wicked defire, ? 


tolde mee that he ſuſpected forme euill pꝛucuſt: an 
at mp F what time 
ent 


arequett onto a Captaine 
nifte vnto mee tobat they would haue. 
with Copflets, their Piſtolles in their handes 


chen (quot 
which 


ep 
1) that B amenioyced 
will make an wert n gut 


vle 
bultd bp them :) wherein not with landing F 
F ‘ 
— — wbich robe at anchee in the mtden of the 
IF. dayes papes, ‘ 
— vilite mee: 
' their armour. And 


miſſeo of anaes 
dle, Coetng bient 
ſo much by bis f. 
> were taken mi 


1 
— 


» 


M. Rene Laudonniere. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 5 


sdouniere, 335 
difficulty thep would all come and cu y | tin the ſppe Chus was J 
put , when ambis that if I made any 2 ’ as 
op due fouldiers conftrainen to fign: their port, chen dt ben, ar bende mariners oy Tren- Trenchane g 
¢ fo ward(name· chant an honeſt and Chilfult Pilot. & cchen the barks were Ginithen , they armed chem with the lun pos, 
e three puncipal kings munition, with powder, wich bulte to, and arrillerp,alimuch as they neened,any chofe one of 
them that it was mp Sergeants fo2 their Captain, named Bertrand Conterrent, and fo) their one named 0 
thus with abiett La Crom. Chep compelley Captaine Vaftent ¢o deliuer them the flag of his thip, Then hauin th 
make themfeturs becerminen to (ale onto a place of che Ancilles,callen Leauguaue, belonging bnto the king of rif 
urniſb them witz Spaine, an there to gue vn land on ¢: maghe, with intent ion to enter into the Churth i 
e euery Pouldicr wolle the Palle was faydafter mibnigbt, 1 ti thate thee thep Foune there, they fet iy 
pille Sheu ber (ale the tight of December, Bu becauſe the greateſt pare of then Sp this time repenten them 
t wealch that they tb te ae n thep be gen to fall inco mutinies fe 
p, and that in the „„ 
ongotten coat onto Cuba, to Double the C other went right foo to 4 ö 
oy efter they ben the Illes of Lucaya: by reaſon mberent they mette not vntill fire — — —— ö 1 
and Site : wicht During which time the burbe thattooke her wap che coaſt, wbetetn one of the ch con⸗ j 
to bee pefenten ſpiratours named De Orange was Captaine, and Trenchant his Hilot, ncere onto a plate valley 
m a declaration of Archaba, tookea Brigantine laden ti A Cettaine quantity of Caflaui, which is a kinde of wails, eat 
pes might veturne bead made of roots, and pet neu le ln very white, and gaod to and ſome little line — 
Spaime, Pet. m — twhich was not without nhabitamtsuf Archaha 
But J made ihm . 
in general, ihn 
ver Would eet vic all tbeir Quéte th 
e Maria nere to Leaugi th — 
rtuals, a auc, there P went en landtot 
5 come mug nt d bei their Hip which had a great le fe ss tiene bite cheprefoluen to failnee f Raracou a bits 
Mucene bac FH cou, which is avillage ofthe Ille ol lamaica: where at their arrtuall they founn a Carauel of ff. 4nd. 4% 
ces fer een tee mes bunten. uf Fooke without anp body init s anu acre 29 5 
mme good cheere in the village the ſpace Of Biue or fire dayes, they embarked themſtluesibit, 
es after a6 Ju leaning eheir fecond chip: then they retrace tothe Cape of Tiburon, here they met wiih a a Tbe cab 
editions dnn I uch, which they cooke by force alter a lang conflict, In this Patach he gauervourof Iamaicg 7" 
ion to exetute ther H Was taken, wich grear Rope of riches, alwel of golde and Glace as of metchann; fe and wine , ond Albi 
ling their many ether things ; where with our ſeditious companions got content, determined lo lecke mne 
be Corps deut intheit carauell, and their gouernour of lamaica alſo. After they were come tolamaica, t 
ichen delice, 7 nuſſes of mother cataue which did ſaue it felfe in the hauen. a 
e cuil practi: np 
uneſſe, whet umt 
— bim, Bur in Bean of ios; 
de ut in ſtead of wꝛiti 

eta ea ; — nb — * ne rere ty a * Deild lanthe ett 

U baurns € bo luccour and reſtue him. Ahich the did 
— una monning about the bꝛeake of the day, as — 


reachet 
5 lire whichmake 
4 tcha them of foureſ. 


ete en they 


ketouered their o 


: dhe baig 

sAigrett nd the ks. auth 

1 aer — —— 

Keen 4 e, Which len 

tin feruen well) to pale the chanel of Babar: 
de wi ebey e reg flehte 


.. p 5 — 
336 The Englith Voyages, &c. M. Rene Lanacnniere, 


the bꝛeake of the Dap about the fiue and twentiethol March they artiued vpon the coait of Flori. 
da: Where knowing the fault wbichthey bad committed, in a hinde of mockerp chev counterfaiten 
the Judges: but they played not chs pꝛanke vnt ill they had tippled well of the int which re 

mained pec f their prize, One councerfertes the Judge, another pꝛeſentid my perſon: one other 

alter he had heard chs matter pleaded, concluded thus: Mane pou pour caules as good as it plca· 

ſech vou, but ik whe. pou come to che fore Caroline the Captaine cauſe pou not to be hanged, J 

will neuer take him for an honeſt man: others theugbt that my choler being palled, J would cafi: 

ppfo get this matter. Their Carle was no ſoone t deſtried vpon cur coat. but the king of toe place 

nung bade famed Patica, Dwelling eigbt leagues Dillane from our foxt , and being one of dur goot trienns, 
ſent an Indian co cduertiſe me that he har: delcried a hippe vpon the toaſt, and that he thought it 

was one ofor.; A. ion. Vercupon the by gantne oppꝛeſſed with famme, came to an anker at the 

‘all mouth ofthe e ol May, when at the hrũ blu we thought they han beene (hippes come from 

Tdi renee of France; wh. h g aue vs occaſion of great ioy: but alter J had cauſed her to be better bicwen, 3 


part of Laudon- 


cies ORION was adut ruſ ed thatchep wert our ſedit:ous col npantons that were returned. Thereſoꝛe 7ſt 

. them woꝛd by Captain ( Vaſſeur and imp Sergeant that ihty ſhould bung vp their nan ene ier jy 
fore the toꝛttelle : which they pꝛomiſed iu vor, Nom there was not aboue tun g, oence oh 
from the mout!y of the r uer where they cat anker vnto the foꝛtrelſſe. The t Ante 


fame Captaine and Sergeant Miththir to ſouldiers, bet auſe J Caw they much v lap re che com 


ming, Then they brought then: and beeaule tertaine ot them had ſwe dne at the dc hattrtt mm Be 
they would neu r come age ige within the zt, J was well plcaſed thep Hhouis keepe chen ah, 


Foz this purpoſe I walted fop them atthe riuers mouth, where J mave my barke o be built,omy 
commanded mp Sergeant to bying the foute chiefe aurbarirs of che mutiny on ſhoze; whom y 
cnufen‘mmeriatlp to be put in ketters : for nip 7 mag unt to puniſh the ret, confivering 
thas. t ey were ſubozued, and betaule my count eil erpre 


new thet thele foure only ſhould die. to letue tc an trample tothe reſt. In tht T me place A % 
am cation vnto chemin this mant. 
N V friends, youknow the cauſe why our king ſent vs vnto this cournrey; youkwowrhe FR F 
wi he is gut H Prince,w hom we are bound to obey according to the cGurandemeng “| 
of God, in fuch io. ‘hat we oughe neither to {pase our goods not liucs to do thofe tinngs tha 
concerne his ferme sy¢ ine sor at leali you cannot be ignorant, that befides thi- general and 


natura l obligation, yas: hore cis sifo wyned thereunto, that in receiving of him reaonable 
pay and wages, ron me tye oy 1d ve fotlow chofe whom he hath eſtabliſhed euer youto be your 
goucrnouls, and tower anand you i hig ame. hauing for this purpoſe given him an oth of 
fidelitie, which you cannot by any meanesreuoke for any faire apparance hich you haue io 
doe the contrary + for this is reaſon, that ſet ing you liue vpon his charges on this condition, 
(ils is reafon I lay) that you ſhould be faith full vnto him. Notwithſtun ding you have bad 
more tegaid vntoyour vnbridled affe ctions then vnto vertue, which inuite d you tothe cbfer. 
uance of your oth,in fuch forethae being become conremners of all honeſty. you have pafled 
your bonds, and thought that all hinge were lawfull for you. Whereupon ir is fallen out hut 
while you thought to efcape the iuftice of men, you cou d not avoid she — of Ged, 
which es athing by no meanes to be auoided hath led you, and in ſpight of you hath made 
you to arrive in this place, to make you confefle how true his iudgements ate, and thathenee 
uct ſuffereth fo ſoule a faul: toeſcape vnpunifhed, 
Afcer that J had vſed vnto them theſe oz the like fpeeches , following that which werbse 
greed vpon incouncell in refpect of the crimes which they had committed, aſwel again ete ung 
ietty as again mee which was thcir Captaine, J commanved thet tbey Could be hangt. 
p meanes at all to laue :hemſelute fremibs 
tone of the foure, thinking to railt a mutiny 
thpen and companions, wil pou fuffer vst 
ſayd onto hum, that they werent 
Pee rei pon the foulbiers 
1 J denk 
Execution. 


king: v mention of ourlt 
 Mtelbous alter te 
bepartut 


v ue mbled fo) this purpoſe (ad conclu: FF 


tigny, ond n 
ried me fron 


— — 
— 


aonniere. 


— —— 

the coatt of Flori. 
hey tounterkalted 
e Tine which re 
perſon: one other 


1 2 ies 
+ Departure, Fit I beganto tunſider K 
dau in mine affhction , that theſe nn ————— 
tuals : fo? from thetine ofour actin me gt, not ground their — moge con · 
eight and twentieth of #ebquary, ban a lnale bea ler Daply unto this bay, and beiden mt, ol vic- 


337 


te 


. d weighing es vn 
15 — — abi rd tobe rate conus ‘Onn by — —— ounces, — 
fico, J would fi bope chu the Coulbiers baue ome dete ot, oe oe ance of platen in sauber tach sete ciquen 
e king ol tue place foxes and allo by the troubles Profit, as we map be well inf n in reſpect of the beer to res 
our goot trienvs, pee to Francis Pizarro Dieser ile ChiiftopherColmmin N bi» — 
N ’ r 5 

— ate iy a tp Wengen nf aco mp mie. toincourages 1 A da 
— — 4 — — aed of —— came Co ſceke me in the hip, whe mes y Lieutenant Or 
bettet vic wer. 3 fot, I caufed all ny comp € as out rebels were neparten, Ader Ami unten. 
Therefore Tine . Coro de garde, and betlared one remained, to be allemblen in the ming. I mas come untothe taadoonine ee, 
heir canting ver ted, pRaping tu beate them o them the fauits Which they thathe of the place before the {tb things m 
i eager tiene Go earth with A oꝛdained new Cannan beare witneſſe thereo: then need oe bad commie: returne, Out of 
be Xone NG hes cep were togouene pee unge e eben bene e 
ee sige tla titan, a upc ene 

iva eerie cei ch e „ . they on, wer: * 
neee bee were ne ann , nage gane es ot 
u bohe; won} . neuer after fatten : fo Case at mip feet fo tbe 

as ag well ay, after . 

— * — * —— de bert dap after mprecurne unto 22 der mas Captaine in — 
Cmeplace ins: Soul putherecn 1 not pet fintiben 4 together — 

8 1 4 il 5 to aſſure edrull t 4 
— by dete eee they ratfen it all with phe tente be Stang * —.— 
ihe (Coden : biqrefle that the others — 1 on Worke tomake nnter cite? thie fg on 
0 thoke tungs that . — to pꝛepare pron andnaiks, and t Dampers that they thou mtd fame 102 N 
es thi. general so F ani ae, Afterward Amade others te make coales : fo an dir tet 
5 — ee © prefents, as Fith 8 n this meane ſpate the Indians vificen then che rt, the ä —— 
ch ehe J galt Combes, mk ooking ee Pea” them with deu Fache, e te 
* 5 2 9 g- 8. Two 8, nite 
on thiscondinon, i bepaite of thei Rin ‘ Indians came vnto e, Beads of 
hing you bebe Ae leagues towarp g. whofe name was Manacou, Divel me one day ts ſalutt on 


d you to ide cbfer. 
ty, you haue pafled 
ir is fallen out hut 
1 of God, 
of you hath made 
ne, and that hene · 


at which werhae 


pel againd rhe kings 
rp Could be hang’, 
hemfe!ues remis 


ch J had to 


citimt c 
mention of curls 


tell out after 


in 
aid in the houſe of — 
» Which was not ot their ng —.— 
benden A conceives that ſe 


; 
cbuntrp, a bep anfluerenme, chat be 
me & Warrier, and 
mozeouer, 8 K— 


thas 


M. Rene Laudonniere, Traffiques and Diſcouer a 


* 
1 


i 


1 


; 


| 
11 
i 
0 
a 
it 


1 


—— 3 ämũ—ñä—̃—— — — f — — 
338 The Englifh Voyages,&c. M. Rene Lauacnniere, 


— — 


Z that in a certaine village he had a pit full thereof, which was at the Icalt as bigh ava man, as 
t. 


large as a tunne: all which wealth the Spanparos fully perſwaded themſelucs that they could 
taule me to recouer, it I were able to march thither with an hundzed thot , beides that which J 
might get ol the common people ol the countrey, which had alſo great ice thereof, They fur: 
cher allo aduertifen me, that the women going to dance, did weare about their girdles plates of 
Plates of gold olde as broad as afaweer, and in (uch number, that the weight did hinder them to dance at then 
faweer, eale; and that the men wore the like alſo. Che greateſt part of theſe riches was han , a5 thep 
fay, out of the Spanith thippes, which commonly were calt away in this Mraight ; and the ret hy 
the trallique which this king of Calos had with the other kings ol the countrey: Finallp, that 
this ſubiects; and that het made them bele eue that his latent 

at made the earth bring foozth her fruit : and that het might tte 

he retired huntcife once oz twiſe a ytert toa certaine toute 

8 mott familiar friends, where bre ved ccvtaineinchant: 


One of thee 
Taten dans uet, ibis Gauge king Cacrific 
MatinGomes, out of the number ofthe S 
thefe tw declared vnto me, 
ning Oathe times byhis com 
J. 0 Houathy q fine dapes tourney, 
Sartopean was an J flano fi 
Fane a nefle abounding with many 
tates, whereok they make a woonderkull tr 
% root of great malte a lande of meale, fo goad toma 
tad ot. lifteene leagues about, 
of the Tle caine of their neighbours 
root without they be well payed o> it. 


with Oathcaqua, an 
Cpe trnation Vutome, The place o 
Of Calos, o fifty Leagues to words the Bouthwe 
Cannaveralin bowatd the orth, in a place which we 
28 begress, About the fiue and twentieth of Janua 
taine prefents bp two of bis fubiects,ca pe 
Ouae Vtina which was my friend: and further 
were with Vina; for whom if it had not bene, he 
He beſought me heerein by diuers other kings his allie 
{pace Cent meſſengers once mice to this end and purpoſe 
they ſhould make warte vpon kum; pea rather tontratiwiſe 
whereinthey condefcended vnto me, fo larre fooxh that they 
that J would (er downe: whereupon the two Spanpards which 
abe Nuit ture ofthe Indians, warned me chat in snp cafe I ſhould not truſt 
ane great rat’ they t web good courmenance moch bell cheere vnto men, then was 
ſurpꝛiſe and betray them; and chat of thei nature they were the greateſt trait 
piffemblers of the woplo, Belides I neuer tried them but vpen good ground, 
diſcouered a thouſand of thetr crafts and lubtiltiex. al well by experiente os by rea 
Movies af late peres. Our two barks wete not ſo finithen, but J ſent Captain 
diſcouer along the coat lying toward the NRoztb, 
king whereof was called Auduſta, which was ozo 


— ttt 


uacnnicre, M AM. Rene Laudonniere. 


ee ee Ar — 
ö 1 
btb ip, Ano — por {mall trifies, 
reof, Theyim - ch was one of them wy 
Girdles plates of 
Ito dance at then 
vas had, a8 they N { 
tsandtbe ret hy j : maberhe putin e, orbertuucran 
: Finalip , thar Mpaniacds a textainty that they were 2 
ae aal . e Saus Cent me backe my batke full of 
might tte be great pains 

a certaine boule, Mancr, and Stat bunas 
tertaine inchant · 
c, the king imines 
in the tune ol har · 
irpoſe, endtaken 
hat coat, Out et 
r; and that often 
from Calos foure 
leagues ap 
ue Leagues nb? Re Heth is the mo 12 
the bh J ears ole ins, plant, Sscboughttbe te dre el 
e, eee 

che inhabnm fe nde teturne of mp barks, ro 
4 : nterpreter. ow while nnn 


a warlite nent! nugtt come out ae With ict whe AO boy⸗ 
nade alliance wth Pp age bp te rs 
to him in — . * 
with his pecple car 

untrtp. vrtomug f nochichanding Don the 


y of the matter! which was the 
— that ti bame went to fee the Allan 
that accompanied 
rey they eftermeto 
em aboue all ncas 
xt he wem u duell 
aces eri 
pe of Flond e BS as anp in all chpitenn 
foe — bann 
thet ! Hog bee Darks ina the nuer where : 
hoour len mein reeeiued with : erh“ 
omake wum en — 1 vhen tbey ne 2 
e of my men wich 
3 
eches o; an me that he 
ravi. vt umher fen mo me that hehad feene aplar neuer Cato a fairer tountrey. 
make then friends; } be was able to , place tamed Hoft and that the k 
5 afte ann er tater? fouretboufann Sbauagesto tie dw, eee 


i 


i 1 
ft ' 
. * 
1 
j 1 ' 
ei S| aa 
oF OP ee 
| „ tte 
1 * 
é 9 „ . 14 
1 9 
n 
1 . 
14 19 
1 7 * 4 
| 4 
f i 4 
1 
i : 
i Tha i 
; ö 
* . 
5 it 
a 
1 i 
| 
» i 
1 f 
1 Phe 
1 
1 { 
1 ‘ 
q i a 
' 1 : * 
| 1 
4 
i 4 


340 The Engliſn Voyages, &c. M. Rene Laudonniere 


ſupply fhoulo come ont of France, to remooue our habication vnto ſome riuer moze toward (iy 
Peer Gamby. Mozth, that be never chercunto, One of my ſouldiers whole neme was Peter Gamby, 
2 ch had along (pace before in this countrey to It arne the languages and traffique 
A of with the Tndians, at the laſt came to the village of Edelapo, where hauing gotten together a cr. 
Goidg Ger, taine quantity of goldt and ſiluer, and purpoling to returne vnto me, de pꝛaped the hing of the wp 
lage to lend him a canos (which is a veflell made of one whole picce of wood, which the J dun 
vle to fit) withal, and to tou vpon the riuers) which this lozd of Edelano granted hun. But bang 
greedy of the riches which he bad, he connnanded cwo Indians, which he had charged to contul 
dun in the canoa, to murder him Ebping hum the merc handiſe and the gold which he hab. lich 
the two traudurs vill anouſly executed: fo they knocks hun on the head with an hatche t, as be nag 
veina fendety blowing ol che fire in the canon to ſeethe fh, Che Paracoufly Veina (tne certeine dap es itt. 
2828 ward, to pꝛay me to lend him a dozen 07 fifccene ot mp ſhot tu inuade his ent my Potanoua and (i 
beide. mne word, that this ene my once vanquiſhed, he would make me pallage , pea, and would con dug 
me vnto the mountaines in ſuch ſoꝛt, that no man ſhould be able to hinder me, Then F allimbiq 
Mgoodnete, my men to demand their adutce as I was woont to do in all mine ent erpꝛiſes. The greater par 
was of opinion, that I Moule vo me"! te fend Cuccour vnto this Paracoufly , be taule it u oulote 
hard for me to diſcouer anp fi dbdountrey without his be lpe : aud that the Spay 
ards when they were! quetts, did alwaꝝ es enter into alliance with fome an 
king to ruine another. eublutz, bet auſe J did alwapes muſtruſt the Indians, anotiy 
the moge alter the laſt une rtiſement that the panparbs had giuen me, A voubten lett the ny 
number which Veina vemanded might incurre Come danger; wherefoze J ſent dun thir ty (hom 
der the charge of my Lieutenant Ottigny, which Raped not abc ue two dayes with Vina, whüth 
prepared victuals fo) bls vopage , — 1 — and according to the tuſte me of the county 
yee hndted are caried bp womnen and yoong bopes,and by her w not Veina ſetting forward with g 
Autan hunded of bis ſubietta, hauing echof them t sv ve uud ue full of arrowes,cauled ourrhe: 
ty (hor to be placed in the feze ward, and made them match all the day, vnti Lihat the night appury 
ing, and h ui. ig not gone patt halfe the wap, they wert info ted to lic all nigbt in the wood nt 
great loc, and there to tntampe themſe lues: they ſeyar ate themlelues by fire and fire, nung 
ech of th la fire about the place where their king lay, for whole guard they oꝛdeine r a ten 
number c chole archers, in whom he put molt confivence, Affoone as dap was come, chu 
of the I noi aus marches within tier leagues of Potanou: there king Vtina tegqueſted my Lia 
ten o grant him foure oz fiue of his men to go and dilcouer the countrey; which depart ime 
ds lake the Meviacly,and had not gone farre but ihey pertetued von alake, diſtant about three Leaguesiom 
leagues Fat the village of Potanou, tinte Indians which fiſhed in a canoa. Pow the cuſtome is thar uin 
Ugo a. they Ath in this lake , they haue altwapes a company of watcymen, armen with bowen mm 
nou, rowesto the thers, Our men being hereof ayucrtifen by thoſe of the company, ur not 
patte any furcher, for feare of Falling into ſome arth : wherefoye they returned Co warns Vina, 
which ſuddenly ſeut them backe wich a greater companp to furppile che liſhers, befor: dym 
retire and aduertiſe their king Potanou of the comming of his enemies. CAA Y coulons 
eretute ſo politike ly. hut that t wo ol them efcaped ; the sbirn alſo viv the bel he could to ſant hm 


ſelle bp fwimming, in which meane while be was Raped wich thot of arrowes, and they den em Hi 


llarke dead vnto the ba ada five , where our Indians flayed off the Chine cf his bead, cut of te) 

bis armes in the high way, referuing his haire oz the triumph, which their king hoped unt 

for the defeat of his enemy. Veina fearing le alt Potanou abuertiſen bp the Athers whit bm 

2 efcaped, ſbould put hunſelle in armes to uthſtand him valiantly, al ked counfell of e, 

Same which is almuch to fay in their language av bis Magician, whether it were bell co gormpfurr 

"cher, Then this Magician made cevteine lignes , ( fous and (carefull to beholde, and view 

teine worns ; which bein ed, he yd Onto hie ag, chat ic was not belt to palie any funder, 

pos acehs and that Potanou accompa. ed Wity two thoufany Indians at (he leat Mayen in ſuch anofubs 

r place fo3 bim, tu bidde him batte ll: and beſine a this, that all che Cayo Indians were furniſhed t 
Jnoiane, Tonds to binde the pꝛiſoners which they made full account to tane. 

This relation can V ce se vnwilling ton e any further. whereupon mp Lim 
being as angry as euer he mig be be, becanfe hee jou cakenfo great panes without doingof ar 
thing of account, ſayd onto him, that hee mould neuer thinks well of him n vf bis peoylt, ithe 
would not haszarb bimfelfe : and that if be woul i wwe i, at the leak, that he oa gut 
a guide to conduct him and his {mall commany tothe place where che enemies were encemnye 

Ere peviciios Wertrupon Vilna Was achamed, and (isu: igt ettian BF f de n 
20 dub dt, mined to gu fopward: and he failed not cof. vise en in the verypla. which hemp - 


ni was to reco 
bith reſt of my c 


— 


audonniere. 


et moe toward 
was Petet Gamby, 
nages and trotliqut 
otten together a en 
d the hing ol the u 
» which the J dung 
ted hun. But being 
d charged to conty: 
hich he hab. Tlich 
on hatche t, as he wag 
erteine days after 
v Potanou, and (iy 
and would co: dung 
, Then F alenbig 
. The greater par 
be taule it u oulit 
and that the Bpm 
tance wich fome ony 
e Indians, andthy 
oubter Lett the (nat 
u hun thirty (hot m 
with Vina, whiey 
tome of the counny 
fo ward wu gut 
eg, tauſe d ourche: 
at the night appedy 
t in the wood unt 
fixe and fire, uu 
v opbeiner a cen 
pas come, the tnt 
a requetted my Lia 
which de par im 
it three Leaguestium 
cuſtome is thar wher 
with bowes apa 
e Company, dur not 
ned to wan Ving, 
m, befor: Mme 
Abc yp Could et 
he could to ſaut hm 
ed, and (hep denn 
his bead, — 
ir hing hoped u 
2 — which bere 
counfell of ut, 
re belt to govanpfurs 
holde, and diana 
f to patie any further, 
ved in Cuch andturha 


s were furniſhed ut 


upon my Linn 
without boing of ant 
aul bis people ’ ith. 
mits u. cnc 


the 


i to ef 
A ficat ee 
while Monſieur de Otti 
pPiracouſſi, and leauing 


N ö A Rene Laudonniere. Traffiques and Difcoueries. 


aumed : where the (kicimith beganne, which latteD ¢ ee long houres 
eee 
; „ md 4 great number of ¢ wuldiers of Potanou, vpon otcation they 
a t put to flight. Cher withall Vtina bein content fo the prefent 

4 1 — tothe great — rei {ne meta e 
4 non hung mont, then to purſue bts vicropie 
q twentie villages of other 
andre ov ached recta 
ny re U el 

ed 
ut bolt. ould noe come to burn the houſes of 


me vnddour # opt, where he vp and tulo me bow euery thing hap 


mwomitothe — Saieees, > he would come backe 

mp neighbours all enemies to Veina, being aduerriled ot the return of 

rove ime with prefents and to — t arene 
ro mp Getour, and to become enemie to Veina, 
emp reaſons that moouen me, 
Che In mans are wont to le aue their houtes and 

| oftineemonrths, to wit January, 


bad palled, 


. eam ſee one Indian. Foz when they on huntin 
they retire chemfetues, — vpen ee in 
caule that during this time, we could get no victuals 


Veina , be fet ward on his way to com 
againe to fetch them 


ch not withſtanding 
to retire themſrlues 


= 


people to fee Vilna hath 18 


U * 
1 de ls. 


of his 
e vnto 


patted + and withall that he bad 


Eben the 
pl 


tame 
me all to receiue them 
would not grant chem 


into the woods, the ſpace a cnnινο or 
during which time nap a a et ag 


bunting. Chis tons the z ruth 


bp cheir meanes : and bap it not bene that woods. 
) Ghaonsde good proustion thereof, wyile my men had go e, vntill bol Apzill un hep! 
; Lee bene nend ae n orden hee n eee e derb, Stet 


> greacty amazed. Chis hope was the to ule that the ſouldiers took no 

g Dewided cquallp amon them 

j rer alco ec any e 

monet approching and no manner of ſurconr come out of France 
want of victuals, condtraintd to tate therootesof the ¢ 8 

che llelds. 0 the Sauages 


to their victuals , alt 


count, without 


: ſuc toured vs with no 
marchaudulr. Chis f 


were returned by A time vnto their 


The 
we fell into extreme 
forrell which we lound in 


certatne fit, without w , 
mine, ites ter bo gin Osbefope the greatet parr of aurea toe ban perithen with la 
0 


eginning of 


vnt ill the middeſt of June. 
rug tubieh time the poze foutoices and banpicratt(inen became an the mivbett of June. Du, 


dier bzoug 
France, The reil being be 


adie, They aſſur ed the whole 


on the kerle of the Galiote wu. hat cauſed to be made, 
n ee of mp ſhip to ng ts to knowe in what {pace chey could mak 


— 8 5 —.. — COUES, 
5 to recouet victuals ca futatne vs while out 
eee ee 

F 


Feeble asm 


‘tet wr Feng a ees 
ten n line bei 
ſtrated of thetr hope. they alle mbled oltogctber,@ came to beteech met Frome oper tbat thep 
might rewerne into France, confidering that it we let pale the ſealan to cn 
7 . could not be cholen but thylt 


fru. 
atke dur ſelnes we 


pate therein into 


pꝛomiling io labour tour : gi da. 
e this (hippe 
they 


my Standort- bearer to got wisi a 
make plankes, and to tauſe the ſa wier 


Arcllle ry, a to the 


: wherein be vlc ſuch vitigence,that in le then 


Toer ermainen nom but e principal us tie 

———— —-„— beads of foten, 

d Hembarkeo my feite making wp 
the 


nce) I thotily haue beene fuccour our of 
Cate tolooke well vn · oe 7 2% at 
coulb “its thdad in the ide detesmor, 


344 


The Lag Voyages, &c. A. Rene Laudonniere, 
eee leagues, bowing with vs no pe 
uiſlon at all of victuals: whereby it may 6 E e 


Caplen along came un balne, A was conſtrained to returne to the Tune bere tbe ter, bop 

ning fobs —＋ Ne becauſe of che extreme famine which did confume 

01 
t 

Creradfuring db class thet ane being tahen, be Cublcers worin not luft owe nun to wane cm, 


d But that tre 
tnfuc . 22 
France. that we were tiſau 


udtans that they 
dile and ul: which they alſo did log the {pace of certaine dies, during which they 
of thet mad eng of their did birth . 
Grange fan ne, Coto vs at ſo detre a price, that fo Lele then nothing i 
tel al owe marchanvife which remained, And which was wohl e 


poone ſouldiers were giue 
tsa ange on any ny cb bh eri 
they e, ibele billaines would 


aulwere then rougblp e churliſbly: if chou mai 


Woroche acer to ſut tour me with maf and mets; which bo er 
ae matt, Se 


j — 
g aschertes 


Alas aking. 


among the 

in the riuet, and ate as big as cheries: pea g this was not but by 1 pa ae 

ta much marchanvife app epparell as they were worth, sop the Cubleetes of Veina percaus 

rein we wert. p began to vſe cbc like vnto vs, as the other vin: 

Phat necde altereth mens affeciions, Libiie theſe ihings wert invoing, 

ed it ſelle :e Vtina gaut me to vndt xſtand that there was hing 

his (ubiect whofe name was Aſtina, which be determined to take pꝛiſoner, and to chattite hn ia 

dllobedience : that fop this cauſe il A woulo giut bim aide wich a cettame number ella 

52 of Aſtina, whert there was meanes to recouet mi n 
In the meant leaſonhe excuſed himſelfe vnto me betauſe he had ſent me no mi he 
Snot nc tage ep tp let ee ee e bd ee fn böte dn 
Wetten genre een tene bp ce ILIE 

e me, which neuerthelelle were leaps outs 

deteiued them, and nen lag tm oan inca ea 
. AT of this enterpziſe with Captaine — 


was determined to be reuenged of r 


een gdp, ou al thep would 
Cherfoze the y would not paſſe any 4 cee 
tome backe ag aint vato the Fan, angry ¢ ppichen becpelp u 
made their céplaints vnto me, declaring vnto me that y 
Lr eee 
1 deliberation, which was, pear yyy 
— they could no longer endure, ¢ were determurn 
peer rere — . 


> where J woul 
ming wies not t 


raffiq ues, and Difcoueries, 


Tan . wa x3 mass 
82 ot font fapd they. what occaſion haue you to deny vg, c 
vnto the it com, 


the netelſitte wherein we ate, 
aud the (inall account that „i, laden i Mull cnoe be la 


fo} vs to them for the 

then doe unte vs, beflves that we know apparantly bow httle they relpect un: Js 

n emen lp 1— there were noneceffitie ac ul, fince the y thus be lube va, and haue bio 

unter webe ken ppdmife with vs + After I had therefore reſolued with then to fease on the perfon of Ving 

4 which beſides t Atco my deb tate, , u. lf mot abe hh Wate rene 

ne then, als, I departed with fiftie of my bet ſoul dier s all embarked in t o Bar kes # We arriurdin the 
Ware donuntons of V una, diſtant from our Toft about 40 0) 50 leagues : they on fhore we mew — 2 
wol the Cony towards bis village Meuaten 6 great leagues from the amen where we cooke hum prifoner, bow. billage byw. 
12 beit nut without greae cries and alarmes, and lep him amp in out bakes, haung url. ligiwificn donne — 
1 But chat nun vnto his Father in law and his chiefe ſubtecto, that in that J bad taken him, it was not l any de ⸗ te. 

enc upon thep . fire that q hab to doe hum any harme, but onelp to relicue mp netriſitie and want of victuals which 

ve wer cefoig me,and chart cae tler would belpe mete fome, I ndl Ano meancs to ſet bum agame 

Wander at bert e: hat in the meane (pace J wald retire my ſeite uo i 


ö wo ud ante aſſemhle themfetues together, and that ſome milchucfe might thereof inſue) 
> oh marcha : Se L biguld Map for him t⁰ Dapes to teteiue his an were: 


An — . ee! my mea⸗ 

Was not to haue any thing wit t exchange ol marchandi ~ t is they promifen they 
us of nen — no in berpoceve the very fame cuening, his Wife accompanied with all the women 
* thy of the village came vnto the Riuers bzinke 


N w albeit J bad ten his pointol them that J helo their kei brifoncr , yet ncuerthelelle 
U — * —— anv — quantitte of victuals fog the prefene : 7 reafon 


was, becaufe thep 

that alter J had opawen victuals from them, I would put thett king to death. Foz they 
nong che wenn Meatured my will according to their cuſtome, here by they put to — the men puſoners che ndians 
nce change tole thac they take in ware, Aud thus being out of all hope of his libertie, thep aſſembled thernfelues 2d met 
Vun huhn lu the great houſe, and batting called all the people together they propoten the election of a nem thep take f. 
as the cee Ring an which time the Father in lawe of Vuna Ect one of the kings Poung fonnes bpon the Pe: 
b Were invowng, hone : and tooke ſuch paynes that euery man did bum homage by the maior pare of the ofa new ting, 
chere Was a hing vopces. Chis election bad like co haue bene the caufe of great troubles a 
anden Pp Besckininen ofthe nge er 
de 


them. $02 there 
which pretender a Title to the kingdome and in 
derde he bao gotten one part of the ſubtects: no¢withtan i 


this enterpꝛile could not take ef. 
retoutt mul ard ert, ſgulmuch as byat ol the chiele, it — —— concluded, that the 
nO me je fonne Father then any other. Pow all ches while N kept Ving 
tbe · comt. of mine apparel tocloch hum, ag J had tikewife dene vnto 
I would wet (ale Abtasten he, wou bane klten hum, ben an. 
inereaten: ine lum, lent two men which walked along 
wie — + Thele tuo men at their com. 
ictuals which J 
t bis people: am Many auiages ofthe couns ede peered as 
would baa unde me to put hum to AE 
that J thoutd want no victuals, There Fla. 
ed Decpely v aturioila, a fubeilt and ceaftie man ab one = 
ne that they . chat he was grratiy hactiſed in affaires. This i 
wbich u e an bate to delluer Viina unto bum: and to 
ageine dagen. ken g cig Of Pal ol Mack, thinking bg ggg: make me come 
punidb che be bun: in the he cealcb to vifite 
tre deteruintun "at able wich p fame Rone of viccuats 
1 
a 


beck ee ned we atc returne into 
2 


Ftance, 


M. Rene Laudonniere, T — 


3. 


Mis, 
Cys 


ee wü — — 
344 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. MA. Rene Laudonniere. 


— — ͤ ͤä6——— — 
France, but that in che end we were conſtrained to indure extreme famine, which continued ac 
Note. mong hs all the moneth of May: fop in clus latter ſealon, neither Mai; nop Beanes, nop Mat 
twas to be found in the villages , becaufe they had employed all leg to {owe their fielos , inſomutt 
that we wire tonſirayned to cate rotes, which the mal part of our men punned in the morterg 
wich A had bꝛougbt wich me to beate gunnepatoder in, and the graine which came ta vs from o · 
ther places : ſome tooke the wood of Eiquine, beate it, and made meale thercof, which they Lop 
lep with water, and eae it: others went with their harquebulles to lecke to kill Core foule, Nes 
this miſerit was fo great, that one was found that gathered vp among the fth of mx boule , al 
the lich bones chat he tould finde, which be died and beate into powder to make bycad thercol. 
The effects of this bideous famine appeared incontinently among vs, loz our bones ettloones 
beganne to cleaue foneere vnto the Chinne , that the moſt part of the louldiers bad their Chines 
peirted thozow with them in many partes of their bodies: in ſuch Cort that my grrateſt feare was, 
ſeaſt the Indians would rile vp againſt vs, confivering that it would haue bene very hard fo) vs 
to haue defended our felucs in luch extreme decay of all our fopces, beſides the ſcarſitie of all uit 
tuals, which faplen vs all at once, Sop the very riuce had not luch ple ntie of lich as it was wone, 
and it let med that the Land and water did fight againd vs. Now as we were thus vpon cerines of 
shew come by Difpapre , about the end of the moneth of May, and the beginning of June, J was adueriies 
tue end of wp certaine Indians chat were mp neighbours, that in the bigh Countrep bp aboue the rut, 
SPaPnFle- there was new Matz, and chat chat councrep was molt forward of all. Chis cauſen me to take 
vpon me to go thither with a cettaine number ol my men, and J went vp che riuer to a place ti. 

hevitageot led Enecaque: where I met the fitter of Veina ina village where the made vs verp good cheers 
Knecaqet. 24d (ent vs filly. Cole found that which was tolde vs to be true: forthe maiz was now ripe: but 
by this good lucke one (ewe turne happened vnto me, Foz the mol part of my ſouldiersſel 

ficke with eating more of it then ihrir weakencd ſtomackes could vigeR, Cle had allo betne the 

—— (pace of foure dayes ſinte we dtparttd from our Foyt, without eating any ching ſauing lutlt pa 
dale n noches, und a little fith, which we got of the Gthers which wee met ſometimes along the run. 
growerdirbe Aud pet this was lo little that certaine fouldierseate priuilp little whelpes which were nu 
aechenes.  whelped. The next day Z purpoled to go into p Ile ol Edelanots take the king which had caufn 
The te of ont of mp men co be flaine,as J haue mentioned before: but being aduertiſed of mp departing mt 
of mp Fozt. and of the way which J tooke bp the ruuer, he feared that J went foogety with a pure 

pole to be reuenged ol the euill curne which he played : lo that when J came chither , J foumage 
houfesemptie for he was retyꝛtv a little before with all his people: ¢ J could not bp any means 

keepe mp fouloiers, being angry betaule they had loſt one of their companions, frome (erting the 

village on fire, At my departute from thence J paſled backe againe by Enecaque, where Jg 

thered as much mai as A could oſſibiy: which with great diligence J conueied to our erte 

fuccour mp poore men, which J ad let in great necellitic, They chcrefore ſeeing mea fare off 

comming, ranne to that five of the riuer where they thought J would come on land: fo: bungee 

ſo pinched them to the heart, that the y could not tap vntill the victuals were bꝛougbt them tothe 

Fort, Aud that they well ſhewed alloone as J was come, aud that J had dideibutcn that lie 

mais among chem, which J had giuen to ech man, before A came out of the barke: fop they tur 

it be die they had taken it out ol the hullte. But leeing my ſelke in this ertreme ntede. J tut 
paincs dap by day to lee ke ſome villages where there was fome food, And as J trauailtbthys wp 

de Caben⸗ that wap , it happened that to ol my Carpenters were killed by the two ſonnes ol hing’ 
ters hulled toy mola, and by one whole rane was Cafti, as they went on walking to the village called Aar. 
Lee Che taule of this murder was, betauſe they could not refraine thklelues as the walktdthrunh 
pillage” the die los from getbering a litle maiz, which as they were doing. they were taken in ik mmer 
2 wherol J was ppeſently aduertiſed by an Fudian which a little before had brorarhe me a prefem id 

Nis Cobseani Nia Cubacani Queene of a village, and neighbour to our Fogt. Upon receipe of this dum 

ee, ment, Bent mp Mer genni with a number of fouldiers which found nothing else butter m 
conples, which they buried and returned without doing any other erploit, becaufe the inbabicants 
wett deb awayearings they chouts be punithed lo) Cush atoute face. As shele chings thw sal, Ie 

almott pyiuen out the moneth of (Bap, two ſubiccts of king Ve ut 
which (hewen mee that bp this time rhe mais was rip in the 
fignifice vnto me that in cafe J would arm 


Eſquine. 


tae d r ihat IJ could baue pientie of mai ¢ hm baer 
Steed de hebe 


caufonea be Comen len me. (howl be reſt tur co mp 0 
I tonſulted with mp men ts acter nm found bp te adie ofall mp company a 
tt was helt to grant hun his re queſt aping that he hab inc ane to lut cout vs with food - 


—— — 


udlonniere. 


ich continued as 
eanes, nor Malt 
fields, inſomuch 
d in the morterg 
me to vs from o · 
which they boy. 
ifome foule, Deg 
of my boule , all 
ne bread thercof, 
r bones eftloones 
Jad their Chinnes 
reateſt feare was, 
e very hard fo) us 
carſitie of all vies 
b as it was wone, 
us vpon terme of 
J was aduetulen 
p aboue the rut, 
caufen me to take 
iuer to a place cal: 
verp good cheere 
as HOW ripe: bug 


mp de parking an 

loozth wit! a pur 
ther , J fou che 
not by any menes 
8, from fecting the 
que, where J ge 
eied to our Foro 
eing me a fantul 
n land: for bungee 
nougbt chemtotye 
Uributed chat hele 
barke: fop thut 
me ntede, Itunt 
Atrauailebthis wp 
o ſennes of hg k 
age called Athore. 


hey walkerinouh 


taken yee 
ace me a preient 

pe ol this abucrtile 
gelle but the 2 ben 


auſt the inbabicans 


7 


Traffiques and Difcouleried, 


vand chat werter Augst 


tobemadeseavie,wherta Malice te Pee , 


they we 
them 


won inp 
and that 
ere tbey were alrrady 
from the rage of mp (ould trac lbp 
deue murdered 


12 — 
ddahued lo doing 13 —8 — 
fring hemſelfe that bis fubtects 


bene ane chacincalechepee’ 
Techoughe pre. 
aa etapa thd ivertooke this 


the village 


goo ee err de great wnt ean ese 


‘ney mere alfembteD, tobict 


345 


el 


— 2 ———— een ai ili i 
34.6 The Englith Voyages, &cc. Ad. Nene. Laudanmiere. 

8 te be ſeene, bat hi and kept himlelft * cer tune 
6 againd ds, that by m 


the loꝛmer lit open him behind. This fecond aſſauit 
fap that Monſieur de Oteigny 


— 
Captaines ano Liewrenants friends: and that dhe? 


haue ban very much to ba: phen — 
ihemſe lues. During the time of ebe contticr icp 

thep 

caule but to be reucaged on the fouldters , which were chete moll emt 


2 — baates tooke i rt 4e ot bie foantiws 


come bare bts 
j even tans . billeD , of som the one tag calieu lames Sete , anv che ethers vate l 


Tue — — neenee <2 of . , e 25 — : K 
r be breagzbe bots the bostrs, Ad roe mat tber he und eg come det ns 


ban dens, wabich he denden teualip ameng them. Fes aloone as 2» 


7 eneLiaudouniere. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. | 


hope. 
Stace which hee bab Prager ano 
bpon nem meanes far a 
Dneillour embare Petuerance, 
bftallp wem on hunting ince the 
feuacen on the other fine of the ri: 
Emolosctute were firioswheres 


i maids and women 
my name ime tertaine (mall teilen to ait the L opds, to the 
de billages, n 22 
— — Powe 

_ Siently hilde wwe began each of bo in to trauaile 
1 ane — — 

ie mentioned) lohn Carpent 
v ep eget ee me i bp ceaen ot t ee 
Waben ine bbe bet mre ech garsbe. 


: 


ich we mut üg 
) ec dat 
4 per a weh tbe outa Wee poe 


big 


into, and do: 

: ect wok 

, a m delten übe comications, he ches 
0 — hn 


the peere 1562 be came chicyer with means 
Lr 
— 


bis 


7 


M.lobn Ribault. Traffiques,and Dilcouerice, 349 


ground by reaton of the weakeneſſe of our wen, being not able to embarke the lame. This : 


0 unt being thus my felfe vnto t ich Henerall, accom⸗ 


1 ; i. 1700 


r sie pas an sey 


f nine thus made, he con 


cls of meale fire » AND a hundzedof ware 
foote, bee offen me be 
Price with hum, and gaue hum a bull 
} which vntill this prefene J am indebted to bim. We did moze thent 
bello td vpon my felfe a great iarre of oyle, a iatre of vine and a great 
mitt of Klce. and a barell of white Bilcuit, Belives he be paincipal? 
Déficers of mp company according t= heir qualities: fot clued as ina · 
tourteſies of the Genc rall, as u was poſſible to rece 
e he hath wonne the re put ation ol a 


vs allas tf be bad ſaued all our liues. 


nmp men io make biſcuits ol the me 
tt act dlull for the voyage. 
reat deſut we had to depart, continued fo well, t 
curt he greateſt part of our water, g all the fouldiers ſtuffe 
did ance: which had 
l they had com. as 
Being chug in a rea 
uld Loe well to bing 
vopage ſhould 


taoke fo good oꝛ· 
he countrep, if our 
In the meane ſeaſon the Rings mp 
after that they vnderſlood that J woulo res 
neantto returne againe o; no, and whether it 
within tenne Moches (lo they call their Mo · te 
bbe able to make them Conque · — monube 
aue them my houlc that q would bp the renoiu 
4 ings, and that J would leaue them a nan of tye 
date to apde them withall en. Cibich J made as though A 
gould grant bata them, to their friend vutil mp lag departure. 


The third voyage of the Frenchmen made by Captaine John 
Ribault lorida, 


vnto F. 


eue thus occupied in theſe conferences, the winde and the tite feruen well ev: arctuat or 
o (et faple, which was the eight and twentieth of Augutt, at wach inſlant a. ap <a» 

e taine Vafleur which commandedin one of my hippen und Captaine Verdi, which 

was chiefe in the other. now renvy to goe toopth, began to de ſe ry cerxtaine ſayles at 

ſea. whereof they aduertiſeb mee with diligence: whereupon J appoinien to 

iche boate in goon opder to goe ta aſcrie and knaw what they were. Iſent alſo to the 

ich I cauſed to be kept on a rele Knappe , to caule tertamme mento climbe bp (0 

n the bigbel teves the better to bifcouer them, They deſcried the great boote of the More. 
ets, wich as pet they coulo nut perfectly ti ſcete » Which as fare as they could hg. fee: 


1965, 


* hüte me hears, get ß tds bug Sie rc ef the riuer s ſo chat we coute not 


they were enemten \ 4 ata baue caried her away with chem : fos is 
Che ꝛrueth them . a this doubt I put my men in wae in 


* 
8 
1 


— 


350 ‘The Engliſh Voyages, &c. M.lobn Ribaui,F M. lab 


— — 


— ae. a 
{uch array as though they bad beene enemies: and indeede % had great occaſion tomitruc he ind farther eh 
fame : fop my boate came vnto theie Chip about t wo al the clocke in the afternoone, and ſem men  Mandwiche 
ne wes all that day long to put me out of doubt who * yep ould be, Che next day in the mom 
about eight 02 nine of the cloche I ſam ſeuen boates (among which mine otone was ont) u ! 
ſouldiers cuter into the river, hauing tuery man his harquebuse and mozion on bis head, whey 
marched all in battaile along the cliffes where my centtnels were, to whom they woult mute x 
kind ot anſwere, not withſtanding all the demandes that were made vnto them, informuch um 
of my ſouldiers was conſtrained to beſtowe a ſbot at them without doing burt neut riten 
any of them. by rtaſon ol the diſtante between him and the boates, The report hereof beg um 
vnto me, G placed each of mp men in his quarter, with full deliberation to defend our clues « 
they bad bene enemies, as in tiueth wee thought them to haue bene: lintwile 2 cauſed tem Me 
fall field picces which I had left me, to be trimmed in fuch fort , as il in apppoching tothe m Me 
they had not cryed that it was Captaine Ribault, I had not failed to haue diſcharged the lun 

Falereyorrs on them. Aiterward 7 vndtrlood that the cauſe why they entred in this maner, pnoccede am Me 

ba e but falſe repogts which had bene made vnto my Lopd Admiral bp thoſe which were retuned em Mi r 

ofFunce, Erance in the firſt thippes. Foz they had put in his head, that J played the Loyd and the im ba thac 
aud that J would hardly ſuffer che: any other ſaue my Celfe thould enter in thither to grun: Mmm delle that during 
there, Thus we (ce how the good name of the mot hon elt is oftentimes allayled by ſuch y 
uing no meanes to win themlelues credit by vertuous and laudable endeuoUrs, thinke by wy 
ling of ather mens vertues to augment the kee ble fopce of their Faint courage, which neuer 

Che danger of is one of the moſt notable vangers which may happen in a commonwealth, and chleſſy mag 

backbung. men ok warte whichare placed in gouernment. Fog it is very hard, pea viterly vnpollibie n I 
in goueinmz of acompanvof men gathered out of diuers places and ſundzy Nations, mhm 
fuch as we know them to be in our warres, it is, I Cap, vnpolſible, but there will be alwatelm 
of eiull conditions and hard to be ruled, whichealllp conctiue an hatred againſt him, which ty a 
monitions and light coprections ende uourethto reduce them to the diſtpline ol warte. un f ae 
ſecke nothing elle, but fop a ſmall occafton grounded vpon alight pꝛerect to ſound into then TE 
of great Lopds tha which miſchit uoully they haue tonirued ag ainſt chole, whole erccutin av i ao” 
lite is odious vnto them. And albeit J will not place my ſelle in the ranke ol grest and u HF" 
med Captaines, ſuch as liued in times palled, pet we map iudge by their examples how un HP 

Aicibisdes bant · bat kbiters haue bene vnto commonwealths. J will onelp take Alcibiades fo; witnelieiniy 

Aion e commonwealth of the Athenians, which by ibis meane was cat into bantlhment, tubereopn ie 

: citizens felt che {mart of an infinite number of mifchietes : inſomuch as in the end they ken ux 
ſtramed to call him home againe, and acknowleoge at length the fault they had tommmtitd alt 
getting his good ſeruices. and rather beleeuing a falſe repoꝛt, then hauing had regard vmoſomꝰ Me 
ny not able erploits which in fonner time hee had atchieued. But that J looſe not myſiſtn u 
grelling ſo farrein this my tuſtiſic ation. I will returne againe to my Ged courſe. Ben than 

Laudonnieree aduertifen that it was Captame Ribault, I went fooꝛth of the Foꝛt to goe to mette hun un 

— him all the bonour J could by any meanes,F cauſed him to be welcommed with the artily m 

: agentie volley of mp ſhot, whereunto he anſwered with his. Alter ward being come on derm 
recetued honour ably with top, J bꝛought bim to my lodging, retopeing woe a litt le berruſt iin 
in this company I kuew a good number ct my friends, which J intreate d in the bell ſn ta 
was able with ſuch victuals as J could get in the countrey, and that mall tore which J hele 
me, with that which had ot the Cngith General, Wawbeit J marueiled not a little wann ul 
of chem with one voice began to vtter vnto me thele oz the like ſyeethes. My Capt aint at ut 
God that we haue found pou aliue, and chiefly bet auſe we know, that the reports whieh hunt bent 
made ol pou, axe ſalſe. Chele ſpee ches mooued me in ſuch fore, ihat J wouin nted es eu i 
know moze miſtruſting Come cuill. IAherefope hung accoſted Captaine lohn Ribaulty 
both ol vs afive together out al the Font, he ſegnilled unto me the charge which he had praying 
not fo returne into France, but to Rap with hum mp ſelſe and mp com paup , and alſur comet 
would make it well thought of x¢ home. CAhereupon F replye dt hat out of this piace I woule 
dim ali ſeruice : that fop the prefent I could not nor ought not accept this offer, fince he bas ca 
for nu other intent then io occupie the place which J betoze poſſelled, chat I could hau ned 
to be there commanded that mykriends would neuer like of it, and that he would hardly gut 
that counſaile, it in good carnett J ſhould demand his abuiſe thtrin. Me made me aulwere, that 
mould nat canumand me. that we ſhouln be companions. # that he matin ald are fantt f a 
that he would leaue mine stone vnto me. This not wichſtanding A fullp adueriiſed him the 
could not receiue a greater comfost then the newes wuhich he bought me to rcturnt inte Fran 


ſobn Ribaul 


— 


— 
Calon to miltuſ he 
noone, and ſem it y 
rt day in the me 


n on his head, 


pife I cauſed cherry 


charged the ‘any, 
mer, PLOCEEDED ofty 
h we re returnen m 
> Loyd andthe big 
u thither to grun 
layled by Cuch, a 


ours, thinke by wp 
neutrihern 


whofe erecution di 
ol grest and in 


unples, how bunt I 


es fo) wilneſſr tt 
nent, whertepen lu 
he end they den ar 
gad connected nüt 
ad regard vntofome 
ole not mp ilfem bi 


cle, Benz wan He 


mette hum, nun 
wich the artiltt 
ing come on derm 
t a little becault in 
n the bell fopte iin 
tore which J halt 
ot a little wn il 
v Captaint xc mul 
ſonts Which heut bene 
u ntedes eu ud 
ohn Rib 
b be bad prapeng na 
nd allureb me 171 
his place F 
er, Ante he an uf 
could hau no cree 
would har diy gut 
eme anfwere, that 
In another fontet 
pueriifen hun tht 
petusnig inte Fran 


mas nich title of se Runge Lieutenant 
ee 
dunt was ont) ll 13 4 We Ober: and char matt me b lame chere, Fe were no 
they woult mak» 1 tets uhichmy Loy Admiral ay 
em, inſomuch as oy ¥ 
bers neurite . 
ot hereot being 
4 Aptaine 
) Defend our Celues ¢ 4 ae 
wꝛoching tottt 2. . 


| Traffiques and Difcoueries, 


md farther that though J out Lap tbert 


the mohld, 
bad ytttien bato oe „ 


The contents of hoje letters were thefe, 
bec 


Laudanauere 
of the Couner 


© Boucrnour there, to 
him of allehings oho dene 
ik Whereas! fend for you, it is 


luer me the lets 


potlcripe of 
for any euill opinion 


for your good and for your credit, and aſſure yous 


your good Mafter, 


Cnasrition, 


E 
the men 
den to m. uy Londs of the Court, which —— 


Potbe woman was a poore chambermarb 
; unden bualneife, to looke co aninfinuce (opt of 
Feuer wüthme ta Boze the councrep wi 


bulcueſſe: li 1 — 


be time that I was to abine 


ca bana 
— na 


im the councrep 
I was not able 40 


73. 


es ſbecꝑe ano — . 


bah eee, mr 


SSS 


—— 


Bi cme er ei nt Sm 


The Englith Voyages, &c. 4./obn Ribault. 


Conduct nt 
pieces, Jn 
uagt eren 


ate Pira, whichis ar much to 2 


f to Captaine Ribault, which — 
Porter gem. ted onto him chat it was perfect golde. About the time of theſe conferences, comming ung 
ugs of tbe kings of the countrep, being weakened with my foymer traumle, and fallen 
melancholy vyon thefalle reports that had bene made of mee, J fell into agrest continuay . 

wer, wich beld me eight oz nine DapessdUTINg which tune Capcaine Ribault tauſcd his vit 

faba aout no ie pate ote fetes Tete voce tem 

had baile about two hund er pafes : bes 

the bettet delendeo from the weather, and like wiſe to the intent that the me ale might bet nern 

Goodmeanes tothe bake-houle, which I had biult of purpoſe in that place , the beitix to auoide the dangu / 
semper of die, tbe üirt, as Z lad before, But loe howe oftentimes miſtogtune doch ſearch and putlut nam 
then when we chinke to be at red | Loe fee what happened afece chat captaine Ribsult bad baz 

September 4. by thhee of his (inall (hips into the river, which was the fourth of Weptemver! Sire great dpe 
dns pan My thips arriued in che rove, where four of our greated hips remained which cad imer 
ardeviberuus out men of good amity, Cbey alhed how the chiefe captatnesof the ente rpꝛiſe div, ¢ cala am 
Wing amy ige All by thet Remes and furnamnes, A repopt me to pp tf it could be otber wife but thete menbirg 
Feeney. thep went out of Spo ine mu nt eds be informed of the enterpꝛiſe v of thoſe that were to crew 
the (ome, About the breche of day they began to toward our men: but our men which 

Bev them neuer a deale, had hoyſed their faples by night, being ready to cut the liringe ihn y 

ther Mherelofe chat this toward out men of the Spaniards was nut 


all ſouldier 
that hes t u 

ano pꝛopeb 
ſouldicrs, w 

no man to ll 

he woulo re 

to looke to 

im my pare | 
did, fo feare 
then ta conti 

mn rall, ther 

Ribault,as 1 

des departet 
toencrochy 
(quoth he) the 
in this caſe. co 
and will inuad 

tis enterppi 
which J had g 
> barkeo himſe lt 
men away wit 


2 — —— weltbat their kurnitu : was coofmal co make bead agen tt ö 
becaule tome 


the moll part of heit men were on ſbo ze, they cut their cables, left their ankers, wy 
tet ſule. Che Sp ſeeing ihemſelues diſtouered tent th m certaine volicts of tlargre 

opdinance mabe ſaile after them, and choſtd them all day long: bu’ our men got way ol teen al 
toward the (ea, And the Spaniards (eeing they could not reach thi n, by reafon that che frend 

ipo were bettet of faite chen their, and allo becunſe they would nox leaue the coat, curbed 

rtuer Selop A Mont on Cope in the rtuet Seloy, mich we cal theriuex of Doiphines 8 0) io ltaua um 
Net of the place where we were. Out men finding themfelues better of faite duachey, 


— de afheo our abuife, J Ari replped m 
vnto him the confequence of (uch an enterppife, aduertiſing 
Florida in Pep - — vines this coatt, and that if it chanced that bee were Dpiucn trem 
doe, it would be very hard fog bimto tectuer it in the meane wle they wich 
Gay in the Fonte ſhould be in feare and danger. Captaines, Saint Marie, ano La Gran 
peclaren vnto hum farther, that they thougbt it not good to put onp (uch encerppife nt 
K —— ——— eet abt —ð —— 
er that initie (which was the principall returned, there would 
—— ——— Serke eren eer 3 
tobech mope is, after be vnderſtoode by king Emols, ont of our acighbours orruutd vy 
bendluig of theſt matters, — — ent: f 


dim among other things ofthe pn 


hips migbe be in 
che relt of our pec 
done accordingly 
to we were like t 


as part ok a batte lle 
ode ſo. that the C 
which was left me 

hhoulve fap that 9 
hie, J chou 
— a which wa 

rees to 

ih inne nn 
Hale wee were neut 
gern anuop, that v 


* 


bn Ribuault. M.lobn Ribault, Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


35 
— 3 
ani, Malica, 10 (. tungen polſeſſiou of the houtes of Seloy, inthe mot patt whereof they had placed their Negros, u ug: and 
MUL, Taduerriig which they bad tnoughit to labour, and alfo lodge themſe lues and 

ptoome, ond 


dad cal divers trenches about tbat vane 
they them, Thus for the confoerations which be had, and doubting (as he nught well doe) that the e 
{8 good plecfure, u Mpanpards would encampe themſclues there to moter bs, 

nD that in feu dan Croumtrey, he telolued and continued in bis embarkmene, 
mifed to tondutt Al fouloiers that were vnder bis char 


ö ta be made, that 
ge thoulo ꝑeſeutiy with their weapons embar ke them, and 

pe cut in pieces, 1 that ts t wo enfignes Mould march: which wan put in erecution, e came into my chamber, 

tir language Siero, and moped me to lend hun my Lieutenant, nine enligne and my lerge um, and to let all my goon 

atthe verpintany fe f a mhich J had. goe with bim, which F deniev hun, becauſe mp ſeife being liche there was 
q "> ng manto tap in che lot. Cheveupon be anſwered me that % nee ded not to de llt at all and that 

» COMMINGS ann be would teturne the moprow after, that in the meane ſpace Monficur de L 

lle, and fall 


that Dow Pedro Melen, Ment ot inp 


des depatteth from Spaine to goe to the coaſt of Newe France : {ee you that you ſuffer h im not NA 
and putſut un toencroch vpon you, no more then he would that you Thould encroch on him. Hau fee ® 
Ribsult bad bag (quoth he) the charge that J haue, and F leaue it vnto pour feife to iudge. if you could do any leſſe 
! Mire great n inthis caſe. conſidexing the certaine aduertifement that we 
tall anker 


e, that they are already en lande, 
un vil inuade vs, This topper mp mouth. Thus cherefore conk 
iſe did, g called am this enterprife and hauing regard rather unto bis particular of ini 
but tbeſe ment 0 
hat were to um 


bim torbofe tbat know ub benen 1 denen team Feb, 
tour men wech f men away with bi » J teport mee to thole that kno er meant, it when an knligne da cmbarns 
the urmngs u — — hath anp courage in bint will ap behind to forlake his enligne: 2 1 
nards was . nommol commandement Raped behind with mee, kor ech one foltowen bim as chiefe, in whofe 
Re bead agen n Wy name Ceaigshe after bis artiuail allcries and ppoclamati range, which 
eft their anden wy liked not very wellok chis encerprife,was vnto the tenth of the With mee, and would not coe tenth of 
volicis oftlergra BS baue gone abonde, ir it had not beene for the inſtant t. quettes that Captaine Ribault made ne P*vteander, 

woy of tm tit to him, which are eto bapes inthe rode attending bn 


er pe — = bree dene vnto him: Miko 

ſon that the ing come abor0, they fet ſaple altogeiher and from: at. ward Ineuer law them moze, 
— berp day that he Departed, which was the tenth of Seprember, there role fo great a temper 1 mighep 
05 ee tro accompanteDinith {uch Ropes, that the Indians Wes allured me that it was the wo 

tet of faite chen 


I tempel the 
ornpon twoozihzee dapes after, fecring leat our 1h e ert 
ned vntuche man HS ups mighe be in lome dillreſle, I ſent £62 Monficur dul. 
a great bon u J 


the tet of our people to declare b 


to ue were like to fall, afwel b 
at whole hands we could looke d war, ſeeing they 
bad teten land and fop:iften themſelues fo necre vnto vs, A 


dur men Which were at Vea, we ought to make a full acco 
endure many great miſeries 


de cenlldering that their proportion of 
» And that fo continuing, they would not bee able to doe 
zugmented their allowance ꝛaltbough tbat after the arri Tedennene 
dun was allotceD bnto mee as vatoacommon fouldice, neicher was J able to giue fo much pier vie op 
Is part ofa batte ll ol wine to any man which deſerued it: fo) J was fo farre frombauing meancs 
todoc lo chat the Captaine btinfeife tooke two of my boates , wherein the reſt of the meale was, 
dich was left me ol the biſcuis which J cauſed to bee made to returne into France : ſo that if 
Shhouive ſay that % recetued more fauour at the bouves of the Engl. 
butte, J dude fap but atrueth. Cee beganne therefore co foptifie our ſelues and to Tes Lewdonatere 

ie that which was brake Downe, principally toward the water ſide, where J cauſcd tigceftore pan com 
ol trees to be plante d, to repaite the Paliſlado with the plankes mhiet, 
ol the Shinne seks 3 kaw 


83 
wle fest 3 
shich arrurd 


J 88833 to bet tanen ne pein 

a Shinne whe 2 558 ees Steucrthetetle noc wüthll amding all our Diligence and trae e. 
dee were neuer able fully to rep ure it by tealon oF the formes, whieh commonly did vs 

eon wont, wu fo gr annop, that wee could no: finlih our lucloſure. Wercewming mp ſelle in ſuch extremitie 


IJtooke 


| TheEnglith Voyages, &c. M. Rene Laudonniere. 


Mwuterot | tooke att utter of the men, which captatne Ribault bap left me,to fee if there were anp tbat wen, 
bib ten by ted weapon: found nine on ten of them whereof ner palt two op thrce had ewer Opatwen (wo yd 


Raul. 


HFoureſtoge 
and nue 

the fost with 
Lau annere. 


mards enter 
the kalt. 


Francis len one called Francis lean, g was one of the Mariners which Pole away mp barks, and had gu 


daten bie yen and conducted the Wpaupy ards thither, Affoone as he (awe me, he began to lay. Thu ute 
Doo Pedro me Taptaine. Chis troupe was leo bp a captatne wboſe name, as A thinke,was Don Pedro litt. 
che Sn: desitheſe made certain pulbes at me with their pikes which light ed on my tarktt. But perrruing 
wares, that J was not able to wuhll and fo great a company, and that the court was alte ady wont, and 
their enagnes plant ed on the ramparts, a that I bad neuer a man about me. ſauing one onlp whole 
name was Bartholomew, I entred into the yard of mp lodging into which they kollo we d mt ad 
had it not bene fop a tent that was fet vy. A had bin taken: Lut the Spanpards which followed m 
were occupied in cutting ol the coꝛdes of the tent, and in the meane while I ſoued my felfe bp the 
Lavdonnies hjeach which was on the (Ciel five nere vnto mp Lieutenants lodging, and gate away {nto the 


of aſcabbard, as I thinke. et chem which haue 


n oy fire in all, counting alwe l Lacke ys as women and childzen. c hold the goovly troupe fo (ugh, 


volo to ſap, that I bad mien paough let n 
fo that I had meanes to detend my ſelke, giue care a uit le now vnto mee, and il they hau eyes iy 
their he ads, let them fee what men J had, Of the nine thete were foure but pong Ariplings wry 
ſerued Ceptaine Ribault and kept his dogs. the fift was a tooe: among t ole that were uhu. 
the lo zt, and which wert ol the forefain company ol Captaine Riba there was a € arpenter of 
threc {cope petres olde, one a Verte · bie wer, ont olde C rolle · bow makir, e Dhoomakers,any 
foure op flue men that had chete wiues,a plaper on the Tlirginals, to (resents of Monf eur dy 
Lyne of Monfieur de Beauhaire,one of Monſieut de laGrange, and about fourefcope and fg 


tient to defend syemfelues,and ſo couragious as the y haue eſtt e me d the m to be: and fo) mp pat 
I lcaue it to others conſidera: . to imagine whether Captaine Ribault woulde hatte left them 
with me to haue boꝛrowed my un il they had bene ſuch. Chore that were left me of mine dun 
company wert about lireceene 02 ſcuenteene that coulde beat e arme a, and ali ot ther pore ang 
leane: the rel were 8 conflict which my Lieutenant han agai . 
Chis view being thus taken, wee let our watches, whereof wee made two Ceatinels , char the 
— ulate bene one night free, Chen wee bethougbt our felues of thole which mig’ bee 
molt (uffictent,among whome twee chofe two, one of whom was named Monficur Saint Cler, 
and the other Monfieur de la Vigne, to uhom we deliuered candles and Lanterns to gee tau 
about the fort to viewe the watch, betaule of the loule and log gie weather, I ocliuered thy m al 
alandglatle 07 clocke, chat the Centinels might not be croublen moze one then another. Inthe 
meane while J ceaſed not, fo all the foule weather noz my ficknefle which I had, co ouetſet ide 
Corps de garde, Che night betweene che ninetcench and twentieth of BHeptember La Vieng 
kept watch wich his company, wherein be vled all endeuour, although it rapned withou: ¢caling, 
Then the day was therefore come, and that hee ſaw that it rayned Mill wopfe then it did ent, 
bee pitied the Centinels fo too mopled and wette: and thinking the Spanyardes would um 
haue come in ſuch a ſtrangt time, bee let them depart, and to fap the tructh, hee went himelt 
vnto his lodging. In the meane while one which had fomerbing to doe without the lo zt, anomy 
trumpet which went vp vnto the rampart 228 atroupe of Spanpards which came dow 

e. Cihereincontinentip they begann; to cry alarme, and the — 
alſo: CAhich alloone as cuer Junverioove,foorehwith I Mued out, with my target and l 
in my hand, and gatte mer into the nundeſt ol the Court, where J beganne to crie vpon m 
foulviers, Some of chem which were of the forward (opt went toward the breach, which was 
on the Bouthlide, and where the munitions of the artilletie lay, where they were repulleo np 
flaine, By the ſelle fame place two enſignes entred, which immediately were plant ed on the 
wals. Two other enſignes alſo entred on the other fine toward the Cie, where there wos en. 
ther bꝛeach: and thoſe were lodged in this quarter. which ſhe wed themſe lues, wirt lie. 


wile vefeated. Ap A our them which were defending the byeach on the fourhwett , 
Jencountted bp che: «) company of 1 alre at y repulfed our men uus 
were now entred : me backe vnto the court ol the fozt: being there Jeſpitd withthim 


woods: where J found cer: ain of my men which were eſcaped ol which number there werethnet 
oz foure which were (ope hurt. Chen ſpake I thus vite them: Sir s, ſince it hath pleaſed God that 
this miſchance is happe nen vnto vo, we muſt needs take the paine s to get ouer the marſbes onto 
the hips wich are at the neouth of the riuer. Some would needs go to a little village which was 


in the woods, the ret followen me though the reeves in the water, where being able to go fo lar. BP „einge 


ther bp reaion of mp fickneile which I bad, I {ent two of my men which were with me, wii 
could Curtin well, onto the ips,co adue ttile them ol that which had happened, and to fend — 


M. Kei 
wor to com 
thereof : fo J 
one of imp me 
mp bꝛeath any 
name was lo 
and in rut hit 
to ſaue inc. 
was one of th 

whic! sas lo 
one called loh 
tunalong the ¢ 
uout. They tw 
Jeo them. Allo 
mein apitifull 
ble by anp mea 
their clothes fre 
to giue me alice 
boat along the 

tte vp 180; 20 

we were al com 
with (pees to fer 
that saptatie Ja 
bad parled with 
Space, uber eat ti 
would let hum el 
dbault g captaint 
afinach n J fou 
aduict to chooſt 
Btooke allo fire 

—— Coulonot be Fauci 
and n one, w. 


came A lacked a 


he id in bis (hip, 
them, which neut 
ding all the fpeee! 
Hed co leaue the th 


men te bag her a 


beer opoinance ont! 
carrie into France 
tune into France, 


ll spre on foure a 


| be hept hin to che l 
marueilous fla 


alwayes vartable.% 
dba the tenet oy ¢ 
wot larte from land 
water, whereat we 
ses 

. fou: 


dont mheu the w 


thcnattow sea bert 


— 
— 


donniere, 
te any that way, 
awen word ou 
pmough tt ry 
bey baue epes in 
Iriplings ,wiiry 
at were haut 
ba Carpenter of 
hoomakets,any 
of Monfieur dy 
urefcope and fing 
troupe fo fufl, 
and lo mp par 
haue lett them 
ne of mine ahnt 
tber poore ang 
4 again Vting, 
tincls , char the 
which nge bee 
eur Saint Cler, 
NS to (oe taun 
Liuered them aly 
another, In ite 
nD, to ouerſet the 
mber La Vigne 
withou: cealing, 
en it din int, 
es would nog 
e went humlelt 
the lozt. aum 
ich tame dom 
the — 
target and leon 
to trie vpon mp 
tach, which un 
ere re pulled any 
e plancen on the 
e there was eno. 
e ſouthwel , 


Uſed our mn, 


eſpitd wichthen 
ks, and had gu 
fap, Thu ute 
on Pedro Melt 
t. But perewing 
eadp wont, ond 
one only whole 
followed man 
ahich kollowed me 
d my ſelſe dy the 
te away into the 
there werethhee 
plealed Gov that 
Oe marſhes onto 
lage which was 
able to go no fats 
with me, wey 
and to fend them 
000 


Ty, 08 0p ee eer ee — is on 
M. Rene Laudonniere.] rattiques and Diſcouerios. — 
monte gent ano bell me. Cbey miro not able that boy to get ato the Mine to cercifie then 2 
thereof : fo I was con ned Co Rand in the water vp to the — than uche — pn 
enc one ned twould meter lone me. Che nert Dap mcd mug, being (carcelp able to dai 
my byeath anf more, g betooke nie Com prayers h the fouloter whieh is with Mee, Whole 
name was lohn du Chemin: fi belt ww elle fo! e, that I was altaie g thoulo hir ſubde up: 8 
aud tn cruchif be hab nat imbpacco me in both hin arm a g, and fo held me vn /t han not bene pole t“ 
to ſaue n. er we had made an ende of out piapers,% beard a vopce, which in my tudgemene 


1 U i . 
hic! Nas fo in nech and he cauſe thoſe of the ſhips had vnderſt inding Of Che taking oe eh 2 
one called lohn de Hais maſter Carpenter, which le d vnto them in a Mhatlop, they ban et 
tun along the coat to ſee il they might laue anpiwherin doubt leſſe they did bery vy ite Des Che dH 
wout, They went Kraiahe to the Place where the ti men were which F had lene on: ich cate Othe anes 
len them. Alone ast ith ca 


2 ‘ 9 
1 


w „ lometme 
, ung in ite 
the fort, Bleck tives ony 


vnto bis thip, Why hee i Ned a lon London, tt ) 
Space, whercat wey Grearlpmarueiled,conlidering bee was the caule ot this if * te — — Tate gg it 
oul let hum eſc ape. After I was come into the Whip called the Greyhound lames Ri. etpiue, . 
daa ecapeaine Valuoe tame to fre me:ano there we concluded to returne in md i 


ice, ow for 


Aud brs eve bad oes 
ant int one ol the foure men that Mae Lares 


f b 0 2.4 Hilot: he monuſed to gi 
them, which neucrthelette he did not at the inſtaut when wee were ready to —— 4 — 
kings feruice, 2 was contra 


ccauſe I unte 


her fiue Tpue inte mp (hip, Che 2 of Je tember w N 
unut into France, and Captaine lames Ribault and J kep J peember wec fet fai 


les ta er Sur zeturne 
t company alt thae dap and the nett vn 1% 3 
ſbiy was better at botuline then ours, tember i565, 

continued our voyage, wherein we had 


e ume ol our we had none ot 1 5 7 
tencho} eleuenthaf pallage other foove ſauug vifcuit and water, 


wot latte from land, I cauten men ta ound. 5 
biter, whertat we all — n where they found tinceſco 


lpafte 


: faire gift of God that we en- mae, 


i was cleare, Qate failed all the night, poling wee 
thenatrow sea becwerne England and Fance, and — pt 4 Ret ents 


. oat engng s fap ave ting oꝛ three of the clat ke afcer midnight as J wolken 
eae bathe F oiferied Land reund about me, wherrat wee were attonied, j 
nta rike faite ‘tue found Wwe had not under vs paß 8 fachonts of water, uuht reupon 
6 Icom. 


MICROCOPY RESOLUTION TEST CHART 
(ANSI and ISO TEST CHART No. 2) 


FrFFEE ER 


Er 


1 
Fr 


E 


APPLIED IMAGE Ine 


1653 East Main Street 
Rochester, New York 14609 USA 
(716) 482 - 0300 ~ Phone 


(716) 288 5989 - Fax 


LL — —6—b — = 


. = f 22 * 4 
336 The Engliſh Voyages, &. MA. Dominique de Gourgues, f I. 


A commanded them to ſtap till bꝛeake of day: which being come , and ſeeing my Pariners told ee 

me that they knew not this land, A commanded them to appꝛoch vnto it. Being neere thereunty wich their 

Imade them calt anker, x {ent the boat on {oye to vnderſtand in what Countrey we were. d bes ſhipe)l 

was bꝛought me that we were in Wales a pꝛouince of England. A went incontinentlp on land, but to ret 

g where alter J had taken the ayze, a ſickeneſſe tooke mee whereok J thought J ſhould haue pyr, meſſage fc 
mrmaum In the meane while J cauled che cup to be bꝛougbt into the bap ofa {mall towne celled Swanſeſ, front king 
Swaney Bay where J kound merchants of S. Malo, which lent me money, wherewith J made certaine sppare| fives the o 
in Glamorgan koz my falke and part ofmp company chat was with me: and betaule there were no victuals ine erte uit 
Wales. ſhip. I boughttwo Oxen, and lalted them, and a tunne of Beere, which J deliuc red into his hand mitic with 
Which hav charge ok the hip, pꝛaying him to cary it into France, which he pꝛomiſed me to doe i & chanel of ct 

mine owne part J purpoled with mp men to palle by land, and after J had taken leaue of mp gp, of whom ch 

Hoe dhaller kincrs-Ndtparted {rom Swanfey,andcame that night with mp company toa place called Mor. rourioua, T 
Morgans . gan, where the Lopd of the place vnderſtanding thar J was,ayed me with him fo2 the (pace op others bis! 
60) 7 Dapes,and at mp Departure mocued with pitie to lee me goe on foot, efpectally being o French ger 

Briftll, weake ag J was, gaue me alitle Dacknp, Thus J palled on mp tourney firſtto Briftoll, erhentg fies, which | 
London. | London, where i went to doe mp duty to Monfieur de Foix, Which for thepꝛeſent was thekingg their ſwondt 
eee . aftrmey 17 
French tung to Patis, where J was inkozmed that the king was gone to Molins to ſoiourne there: into, toll ou his! 
Eureuralng.  nrently,¢ with all the batt J could polliblp make A gate me chither with part of my cöpany. Tus He 5 bapa 


Eheconclus apy youleecheni(courte of all that happened in Ne w France fince the time it piealed he us [i 
Maieſtp to ſend his ſubiects thither to dilcouer thoſe parts. The invifferent and ynpoflionatere 0 grote. 
ders may ealily weigh che truth ofmy doings, and be vprightiunges of the endeuo; which Ather: at large vnte 


vled. Foz mine owne part J wil not aceuſe nop excuſe any: it ſufficeth mee to haue folloved ty pig cl 
trneth of the hittory, whereof many are able to beare witnelle, which were there pꝛeſent. J M , matlacring 0 
ahecanes plainly ſay one thing, Chat the long delay that Captaine Joby Ribauit vſed in his embating, I ee : 
iubp the and the 15. daies that he ſpent in rowing along the coaft of Florida, before he came to our ort 4 faith nd 1 
Na lot Caroline, were the cauſe of the loſſe that we ſuſteined. Foz he diſtouered the coaſt the 141 FF et 
guſt, and (pene the time in going krom riuer to riuer, which had bene fuffictent fop him to hauen pti i 
charged his ſhips in, and fo me to haue embarked my ſelfe to returne into France, J wote vel u uta = 


that al that he did was vpon a good intent: yet in mine opinion he ſhould haue had moze regardin after that tbr 

to his charge, then to che deuiles of his owne bꝛaine, which ſometimes hee pꝛinted ia his hend He cane 17 
deeply, chat it was very hard to put them out: which allo turned to his vtter vndoing: fop hee n sie — 

Tbe Freneb do looner veparted krom vs, but a tempeſc coke him, which in fine weackt hum vpon che coat, RE aich 10 
Flerit tat a. where all bis thippes were taſt awap, and he with much adoc elcaped do wning, to fall into tar tobe age 1 


toapon te sa, bands which cruclly malatred him and all is company, Le. 
e x : a into the 

The fourth voyage of the Frenchmen into Horida, vnder thecon. pido 

duct of Captaine Gourgues,in the yeere, 1567. cen leader 


I GS 2 Aptaine Gourgues a Gentleman borne in the Countrey neere vnto Bourdcaux 5 yoleann foyatt 
72. 8 intitev with a defire of reuenge, to repaire the honour of his nation, boꝛowed al 4 — 


2 
i e. 
wey 


DW, his friends and (old part of bis owne goods to ſet forth and furniſh three (hipsot bis wife wabéch 
De invifferent burthen with all things necellarp, hauing in them an hunde ad TR oktrees, which! 
Aültie ſoulsiers, and koureſcoze choſen Mariners under Captaine Cazenove his ofthe lam nye 
AS eutenant, and Francis Bourdelois Malter ouer the Mariners. he letinthte FE being cancluder 

22 ok Auguſt 1567. And hauing endured contrary winds and ſtozmes fo; a ſeaſon, at length hee I cant leur men 
arriued and went on ſhoze nthe BAe of Cuba. F rom thence he palled to the Cape ot Saim Anto· mabe ofthe ftice 

ny at the end of the Ile of Cuba, about two hundzed leagues diftant from Florida, where the cap I which bub Gach | 


taine difclofen vnto them his intention which hitherto he had conceaten krom item, praying ander: TE wep faine to mal 
porting them not to leaue him being lo ntere che enemie, ſo well kurnilbed, and in luch z caules I noc here all th 
which they all ware vnto him, and that wirh luch courage that they would not Map the full Boone Mallet ache 
Ce chatten of to palle the chanell of Bahama, but ſperdilp diſcouered Florida, where the Spmmpards fainted f fall oc water wbt 
Batana he? thim with two Canon Kot from their fozt, luppoling that they had beene ok rheir nation, and im psa n. 


rweene Florida Gourgues laluteb them againe tao entertatne them inthis errour, that hee might {urpaife hemat 
ef Lege ze adttantage, pet farting by them a making as tbeugh he went to ſome other place vntil he hun 
ae French · lailed out of light of the plate, lo that about euening, ber landen 15 leagues from the fort, atthe 
mens lanbmg mauth of the Niuer Tacatac ouru, which the Frenchmen called Seine, hecaule they thought 
auth nur it to bee like Seine in France. Afteward perceiuing the (hore to bee couered with one 


efpeciaty begun 
puinepall landing 


Tacatacouiu. 


1 
2 Gourgues, 


my Mariners told 
ig neere thereuntg 
ey we were. Non 
ontinently on land, 
IJ ſhould haue open, 
ne colle Swanſey, 
de certaine epparei 
re no victuals in the 
cred into his haudz 
niſed me to doe: o 

en leaue of mg 
place called Mor. 
him koz the ſpate of 
efpectalip being ſo 
to Briftoll, then to 
efent was thebings 
to Caleis, aftetward 
irne there: incon: 
of my cõpany. Thus 
it plealed the kings 
ind vnpaſlionate reg. 


Deuce which Ather: 
D haue followed te 


tre pꝛeſent. J will 
d inhis embuling 
he came to our ſont 
e coat the 14.0f ay: 
t for him to haue ni. 
ance, J wote wel 
had more regard 


ondoing: loꝛ her is 
him vpon the coal, 
ng, Co. Fall into their 


ynder the con. 


eere onto Bourdcau 
s nation, bozowed of 
furnith three thipsof 
them an hundzed anv 
ptaine Cazenove his 


iners he ferfnththe 


ſealon, at length het 
Cape of Saint Anto 
orida, where the cape 
thers, pꝛaying and er. 
and in (uch a caules 


nt ſtopthe full Boone f i 


Spmpards ſaluted 
ok their nation, and 
right ſurpꝛiſe themat 


muſſacring of the Frenchmen, wish their continuall de 
do teueoge ſo ſnamefull atreafon, aſwell as their own 
ill tbey alwayes had borne vnto the Frenchmen, 
1 faith and making a league hetwerne rem and him wit 


precious vnto cheſe kings: whichm 
3 ce, 
e _ atcer that they had reteiued, and Sat 
ninted in his hen He chainesofitluer grainen which bun Spo chained 
Beller alter their mannetzthey 5 id 0 ld 


mmi Peterde out 


© goleonnfapatturanee 
: net 


M. Dominique de Courgues. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 357 
e e e e eee eee 


which he made them from 
thither for none other ende 


o deele with the Saua 


to his owne. Then two ol the eldeſl o i f 
were befoze chem, and after they had Ne 
a jane ie nted him, declaring d pe 
at large vnto hiss the incredi auages, the’ Kaen 
wiues and children had receiu Countrey and Fd Agamü the 
em throughly panyards, 
forthe firme good 
; certain 
bagnets, Buines, looking glaſles, hatchets, gs, belles nd ſut . og 
ded eche one a ſhirt 


ofthe Spanyards ſince 


o chat 
Gourgues, 


auenged tho 


dered thete@ af the French pb 


two peeres 
with Satourids 
un. 


Thire 8 
the mole Baſtemed to 
che ate za 


turnen trom diſtry 
paration attieit nende. uous T 
inted thi na. J, 
toeygutoanpplace bangers viene 
anp place er ide Pen 
Leanne, en0‘Geargucs 


her place vntil he hun BF theres 


sfrom the fort, at the 
becauſe they thought 
iered with SHaunges 


+f 
N 


lirong de⸗ Coe estate of 


ee Top . 


358 TheEngliflt Voyages, &c. MA. Dominique de Gourgues, 


they had made two lmaller Forts, which were dekended, she riuer palſing betweene them, with 
fire {cope louldiers, god fore of artillery and other mumtion, which they had in the fame, Fran 
Tbe riner ot Saracary vnto thele {mal forts was two leagues ſpate, which be found verp painful, becaule af the 
tl e. pad waies and continual raines, Akterward he departed from the riuer Catacouru with 10 ſhot, 
to view the lirſt for, and to allault it che next day in the mo ning by the bꝛeake of day, which her 
tould not doe, becaule of the foule weather and datkneſſe of the night. Ming Helic opile ein 
him out ol quiet in that he hav falled ol his purpoſe there, allured him to guidt bim a stone tale 
wap, though it were karther about. Anſomuch as leading him thꝛougb the woods, he brought hun 
within fight of the koꝛt, where he diſcerned one quarter which was but egun to bee entrenched, 
Thus after he bad ſounded the ſmall riuer that kallethdowne thereby, hee Raped vntill ten of the 
clack inthe moꝛning fog an ebbe water, that his men might palſe ouer there, vnto a place wherehe 
had ſeene a litle groue between the riuer e the fore (that he might not be leene to vaſle and ſet u 
ſouldiers in array) cauling the: to falten their flafks to their Moꝛions / co hold op the r lw ind 
and kaliuers in their hands fo feare leaſt che water, which reached vp totheir girdtes, would not 
wet them: where they found ſuchabundance ok great opſters, and thels tobich were fo ſharpe that 
manp had their legs cut with them, and many others lot their thoes. Not witſtanding alloone ag 
they were palled ouer, witha French courage they prepared thembclucs to the allault on the fun. 
dap eue next after Eater dap, in April 1568. Inkomuch that Gourgues to emplop the arneng 
heat ok this good alle ction, gaue twenty thot to his Lieutenant Cazenoue, and ten Martaetz , 
Theatault den with pots and balles or wild fire to burne the gate: and then he ac ilted the Font on motht 
anv u 2 l. ide, akter he had made a thoyt lpeech vnto his men of the ftrange treafons which the Sopanpang 
had plaid their companions. But being diſcried as they came holding domne their heavs within 
two hundꝛed paces from the Fort che Gunner being von the terrace of the Fozt, alter be han 
ed, Arme, Arme, thele be French men, diſcharged wile vps them a coluerine, wheron the anne 
of France were grauen, which had bin taken from Laudonnicre. But as he went about tothe 
Che balureot it the thirvtime-Olotocarz, which had not learned to keene his ranke, oxrether moued with ray, 
Olocoore, ept on the platfopme, and thautt him though the bovie wich his pike anv flew him. 
on Gourgues aduanted foꝛward, anv altir he han heard Cazenoue ttyithat ihe Spaniards whicg 
{ued out armed at the crp ofthe alarme, were fled, her dꝛew to that part and fo hemmer them 
e betweene him and his Lieutenant, that ok henſtoꝛꝰ there efcaped not a an faving only fifteen 
kreelerued unto the lame death which they had gut ge French bain, Che A vanparws of thut 
fort in the meanctubile ceaſed not to play with their ozvinunte, which much w moled the allattens, 
although to ant were them they had vy this placed aud oftentimes point zy ehe four e pietes fun 
pe acute inthe Grit Forts (Abereupen Gourgues being acrompaied with Sow. scope Chor want un 
and tahmgot 


M. D. 


feareof w 
ly aſtonird. 
“00,000 lean 
encrp of the 
on both five 
sound along 


cheberke which met hin there to good putpble to paste mite the wacb bert bnto the ch ar, 5 


gol 
che trend at. which he luppolꝛothe Ppenperds mond ue to laue themſelues thexcmthe benchitol demons TE 


inte great fore, which ma nat paſt one league viſtunt Crom p lame. Atttrward the Sunn 

™ Raping fapthe returne of the bark dent al mo che water holding vp their toes ¢ atrotoes un 

The Sanages hand, f inning witht ze other, lo thet che yu iard eint both p boden couered with io gun 
Rur en g number of meu, thanght ta flee tommds the wobngtlim big charged bp che French iii, 
„ „ wWaturcpulſed by the Sauaes,cowatrdtoys they moule haut retired, chep were ſoontr then they 
be vu would hereft at their las. To conclude chep al chere endentheir deyes ſauing 15 of choſt which 


er x Captaine Gow gueshnng HF 


dame taulev al thet he found in tho lecunꝛ font ta be tranſpotenbr· «Air, where he menttodrmg. 
n then himlelke to take reſolution again che great Foꝛt, the hersoctzee vid not verbund 
, in ſine s Scrgenat oba hand one of thepritoniers afluran hit, at chep might be there ven nette 
Cos hy: 300 mil kurniſhen under a tneneGonevne, which ban fortifiene’: ve atcenvinig farsber uscouts, 


which efeaped, 
Ftenchmens then their mert , buts 

Mare ieũ it he dyoulo haue bin knoten, 
ſpie being face coface withthe 
o vntil an othertimet 


a 
‘ 


— 


Gourgues, 1 
— ö 
verne them, with 1 
the lame. Aran th 
ful becauſe of the | A 
uru with 10,hhor, e 15 
F a 0 v ta ö Pi 
Bede e zound along with him, to ew hun chat in deede, which they had only made him bnveritano vefove Nd 
bim a mope til in papncing. As they march Olorocaraa teſolute Sauage which neuer lelt the Captaine, fain i 
g, be wought hm pnvo him, chat be had ſeruad him faigh „ i 
o bee entrencher, N 
ed vntill ten of the 
oa place where he F , 
8 1 To whom C ine tbe Floridians 
> Let Gourgues anſwered, after be had Commended his faithfull balout, the loue toward his wife, and ante — 
girvtes, cpould not ge bie noble care A immoꝛxtall honour, char he delired rather to honour bim aliue then dead, and chat ‘bem. 
pete ſo ſharde ttt by Gods beige he would bring himborne againe with victopie, Alter the dilcouerie of the Fort, 
fanpingallooncg ide Dpanpards were no niggaros of their Canon Motte nop of tuo double Colüerines which be⸗ 
alſault on the fy, ing mounted pon a Bulwarke, commaunded all along the Niuer, which made captaine Gor- 
emnplop the ret I guesto get Co the bull couered wirh wood, at the Foot wherenk the Fort beginneth, and ehe Foret 
ten Mariners |, d Wood continueth and ſtreteheth fooreh beyond it: ſo that he bab ſufficient couerture to appꝛoch Rote. 
D without offence, te purpoter alta to renne there vntill the Wozning, wherein hee 
hehe: Sopanpan; wesreſoluen to aſlault the Opaniards bp (cating their walles on the lde toward the bill, where 
their heras win fe che Trench lermed not futiciently Aanken toy the defence of the courtains, and from whence part N 
ar after he hmm. f elbe mige am cheer that were belege, whithlhould (ye tbemſelues to delendthe ram: : 1 
wberon the am Fort inhile the reſt were cannming vp. But the Gouernour haſtened bis vnbappy deltinie, cau⸗ He 
ont abaut to chatye _ Gag dyerfeoyethotte to ſallie foogth, which palling though the Trenches, 
r moued with rae, the French, 
u him. f 
Te 
mmer 
. fitter, 1 ee ag tbe ete r⸗ 
ok 3 ehe place. teat the The maugpter 
berth de | é Dwere to altonied,, shatcbep knew none ether meane 10 erer ofthe 1 
four pieces n ö bp Aiceing tao the Cioorden adiopning where neuertheleſle being incauntred ageine by che ar⸗ hd Tah. 
e CHOC wen un , Weinen af the Davages mich tap in wopte tbere for them (whereof ane ranne thꝛough the tare 
nto the as, ats: GE ger n bp a panysed, which theremishall fell boune ftarhe de) lome were, couttrap: 
fief tiewong dd eo cume b bythe band okthe French, which 
the Savings mt anp fauourneveper wi 
es c atrotoes u 
uered with forrest 
French, adi 
rman 
815 ) } 
e ns which mas mane and hidden by the S 7 
ehe m N * 8 panpardes, to haue feaſled the 
. . npr laa med — benen ae of Dine 
he there ver) reite sb Spelnen thems sna He 2 8 wich the ot ti afterebat the Gene 
meshes nk nt Ureter bounheot toe Comettces, uberemehe French hung of which number 
Spariparn, share I du wen benen by one Spaniarn , würd perceining binnlel fein che len erb ence, con: 
d co march tin, unn geb em theta ungut whibGon bad beaagteppan bim. Bat in teanofthe tapi 
age to dpte cut te N "mse dero Meteudes| Labenz, ng belebewerin Spa, Idee 5 nes 
vb allthe conning de hotthis: nato French mea; buche vnte Lutherang, Cburgues cauſcd xo be impꝛinten with a angie ence 
zich hauing efcaned — — 3’ Idoe not this aS vmasSpaniardes, non as voto Moniners, and Span · 
2 Traitors, R „and Murthesers, Afrerwamconlinesinebebsenss cis izouict ards dame in 
in kBower, pe hed F ots which he had wonue, much lelle to Hope them, fearing allo left the Sapaniarn 


ominions neere abdiopning ſhould renew bisforces, oꝛ the Sau 
againt be French men, vnlelle bis Maieltie would lend thither, he 
» eet he had allembled, and in the ende perlwaded all the 


ages ſhould pꝛenaile 
e reſulued to raʒe them. And 
Sauage kings {oro doe, they 
cauſed 


— —— — — — — — 
360 The Engliſn Voyages, &c. M. Dominique de G ourguer. 


i CE —— 
herve cauled theit ſubiects to runne thither with ſuch alkoctton, that they duerthꝛew all the tine Foy 
Fonsrased. flatte tuen with the ground in one day. This done by Goutgues, that hee might returne to hig 
Ohippes which were let in the Riuer dk Seyne called Tacatacoutou, fifteene leagues vittane 
krom thence, he fent Cazenove and ihe artillery by water after ward with four e [coe harquebu⸗ 
ſlers, armed wich cozllets, and matches light, followed with fopcie Mariners bearing pikes, 
teaſon of the final! confivence he was to haue in fo many Sauages, he marched by land atwayes 
Great Honour in battell rap, fnding the wayes couered with Dauages, which came to honour him with ppeſents 
Bouebp toe and pꝛayſes, as the dellnerer of all the toumtreta round about apiopning. An old woman among 
Geugues. tte reſt kayd vnto him, that now (he cared not anp moge to pye, ſinceſhe had ſeene the Frenchmen 
once againe in Florida, and the Spaniards chaled out. Bzieflp being arriued, and finding hig 
Chips let in ower and tuery thing rendy to let Caple, hee counſelled the kings to continue in then 


Wateri ant 


mitie and ancient league which they had made with the king ol France, which would defend them 


againſt all Notions: which they all pꝛomiſed, bending teares becante of bis departure, Olocotz. 

ra eſpeciallp: foꝛ appealing of whom he pꝛomiſed themto returne within twelur BOONES, (ſothey 

Auture m count the peeres) and that his king would fend them an army, and fore of kniues ko ppeſents, 
dan e any all other things necellary. Bo chat after he han taken his leaue o€ chem , and allemblen yg 
men. he thanked God of all his ſuctelle ſince his fecting foorth, and pꝛaped to him for an happy re. 

turne. The third wae 1558, all things were made ready, the Nendez- uous appopneed, and be 

Ankers weig bed to let layle ſo pꝛoſperoulip, that in ſeuenteene dapes they ranne eleuen bundy 

leagues: continuing which courte chep artiued at Rochel the ſixt ol June, che foure and hitting 

dap alter theit departure from the River of May, hauing tort but a mall Pinneiſi and eight mm 

* in it, with a kem gentlemen and others which were Matte in the alſaulting of che Fons. Alu 

the cheere and good intertainment which be receturd vr thole ol Rockel, hee ſapled to Burdens 

toinko:me Monfieur Monluc of the things aboue mentioned, albeit hee was zouerttlevof eig 

teene pinneſſes, and a great Shippe of two hund zen Cunnes full of Spanparves, which bang 

allured ok the defeatin Florida, and that he was at Nochel, came as farte as Che. de Bois, ibe 

fame day that he departed thence, and followed him as fatre as Blay (but he war gotten alm 

to Bordeaux) to make him yeelv another account ol hes vopage, then cha, wbere with hee mn 

manp Frenchmen rigdt glad. Che Catholiche hing being after wardinfonned that Gourpues 

could not ealilp be taken, offered a great ſumme dl monep to bim that could bꝛtng him da fen 

pꝛaping mozeouer king Charles to Ude iuſtice on him as of the authour of fo bledoy an act cn: 

trary co their alliance and good league of friendihippe,. In fo much as comming to Pa ti 

prefenc himlelfe onto the Ring, to vnto him che luccelle of his Clopage; and themen 

which hee had to lubdue this whols C ountrey vnto his obrvience, ( wuhetein bee offe ted toinplop 

his like, and all his goods) hee found his entertainenient and anſwers ſo conttarp tu his try 

tion, that in fine hee was tunſtrayned to hide himſelle x long ſpace in the Court of Roa, adout 

the peere 15 70 dn without the alliance of Nꝛefldent Morigny, in whole hour be remapuey 

certaine dayes, and of the Receiuer of Vecquieulx, which alwapes wan his katehull friem, hee 

had beene in great vangtr. LAchich grteued not a lide Dominique de Gourgues, eouliuering 

the ſeruices which ver bad done alwell vnto him as to his pꝛedeceſſours of Frünce. des 
Khe birth, lie Was hone in Mount Matſan in Gui » and imploped for the ſetuice of the mot Chun 
anbbeatbot an Ring in all che Antes mavetince chele twenie Hue on thirtte peeren : ur lat be bande 
gue. charge and honout of 4 Captaine, which in a plate neere unto Siene, with thirtir Mues 
ſuſtapned the bunt of a part of the Spanith Armie, by which beeing taken in the allutt un 

hauing all his men curte in pieces, hoe was put into a Galley tu taken ol the good ware md 

lingular kauour which the Spanynto ts woont to ſbewe vs. Bur as che Gallep wan gong 

ward Sicillie, beeing taken by the Curkes, ledde dway to Rhodes; and thente to Conttani+ 

nople; it was (hopilp afterwarve recouered by Romeguas , cetumnunder ouer the Arnie of 

Malta. By chismeane returning homie, her made attopage on the roaBof A fries; Wörner ee 

tooke bis coutfetoBrelil, and to the Month Sea. At length beeing deltrous to repapre the bor 

out of France, he ſet Spon Florida mitt ſuth ſutceſſe as pou hate tears, So that being bersme 

by his continuall warlike actions both dy Land and ea no leſſe valiant Captatne shen hilfull 
Mariner, hee hath mane himſelfe feared of the Spanpatd , and ble vnto che DQueeeot 


grebe er lurh as krem im. 


MNCS Gi 


The Span 
TEhegreatel 
Died, and now: 
TC here is ag 
| Wwhichebe Opa 
rat, and haue 
They haue o 
leaut to diſcoue: 
they heave to be 
tl latitude: and 
Heliaith allo 
pe vpin the cour 
| of Apalacci, whe 
Chaunis Temos 


Therela 


Drake| 
ned fix 


den bp night. Aldo 
hd againſtthe arrol 
_ Defapth farther, 
reid vents 
England fop the vetete of bis vertuen. Co tonclude, he bpedin the pe 1582. tothegen ; Cit things wake 


Mgs,ashe 


ra er make ban 
CK Spaniards 


hide Wing Dery 
i ba 


a pice know 


— 


Gourgues, Ped. Morales, Nic. Burgoig. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 361 


— — ft — 

Uibe inte Tw The relation of Pedro Morales a Spaniard,which fir Francis Drake 
returne to hig brought trom Sainz Augnftines in Florida, where he had remayned fixe 

leagues dia yceres, touching the ſtate of thoſe partes, taken from his mouth by Matter Richard 

5 barauebu Halle 15 8 6, 

raving pikes , bp — ee ſro ze leagues vp to the opehwet from Saint Helena are the mountainesof the 

by land atwayrg of E. phd abd Chipſtall ines, named Apalatci, 

um with prefenes 9 Che riuer of Water is thittie leagues froin S. Helena Nozthward, which is able waren a goon. 

Ho wemon amn Atorecaue anp Flerte of (hips of great buroen, Ww nner. 

ie the F renchmen . Wateri and Caiowa are two kings, and two riuers to the Moꝛth of Saint Helena, 

» AND finding hig Oriftou 

continue inthe a Ahoia, 

ould defend them Ahoiaue, Rings ano Riuers to the South of Saint Helena, 

jaxture, Olocota. b Iſamacon, 

Poonts, (forhep . Icoſa oꝛ Dicoſa 

ues 5 ee | Che Spaniards haue kilten three hundzev of the ſubiects of Potanou. 

anoint Chegreateſt number of Spaniards that haue bene in Florida this ſixe peeres, was thꝛee hun 

m ae : two hundzed in both the # opts, 

. — the dapes iournep from Saint Helena Nopthweſkward, 

ve eleuen humzn e grand Copal, which they thinke to bee berp rich and exceeding Lagrand cop 

foure and thirtiery e ſight of it,fome of them, a rich cite, 

ide Mig generall to the —.— take no wages at all of him, ik he will gine them 

Wie Buren tie, and the rich mounta nes, and the 


a patlage to (ea camighey Lake which 

of eig HE they beare to be within foure and twenty dayes trauel from Saint Helena, which is in 32. degrees 

we, tohichicine of an, ant és that timer which the French cal yal, 

Che-deBois,je (Belch ala ehat be bath Come . monntaines that 
ten alten lye opin the countrey Meſtward e the mountaines 

eee bl Apalacci, whereof the Sau 


5 nd it map bee they are the bits of 
eb that Gourpus Chaunis Temoatam, tifementof, 


blem p n The relation of Nicholas Burgoignon 
ming to Pais to Drake brought from Saint 
e, and dhe meanes ned fixe yeeres, in mine and 

© offe nev toimpop 

reat Ret and another 
porte be remsynen 
adel fein, bee 


Dehe Moreh, 
er called Moſcita toward 
gu u, Ahoia, Ahoiaue, Iſamacon, ale 
6 of Frünce, du by the Spaniard 

ntott 


gouerner of Florida, wea⸗ 

, e bate needekull 1 ol 

Couſtunti · tang, and ſtoꝛe o ates to bzeake e mountaines, which thine 

—— dk nee hre g Cannot behoid ehem, and therefope theytratwell dnta 

Africa; Würmer het I tors by night. Allo coplets of Cotton, which the RSpanparns call Zecopitz., are necelfary to bee 
wtorepapvethebo ME ho againttehe arromes of 


De(ape farther, tata Ciamect fat 
hat being become HE be ſapch farther, t Pa Cunne of the ſaſlafras o 
talne then fhilfull 


at there great ope: ol Turkie cocks, of Beanes, o Pealon, and char t ere are 
—— dum ftoze of pearles, om ! oft bere 


5 8a tothegen I The „aher orteth, thar the Floridians matte moſk accomte of are red Cloth, 
14 5 ere iis hi for ie 4 5 , 


0} teobe 
Cotter Jae gpzoles: copper, and hatehetz to cut withall. 

1 a Che Spaniards hae all demaunded leatre at their owne cots , to diſcouer theſe mountainen, 
e e e able abe Ning denpeth, koz keare leit the Engliſh or French wauld enter into the ſame action, 
n, ee Rowen, ; rad —— 


t Florida is ſolde in Spaine fo? fittte ducates: 


All 


* 


———————ᷣ— ſeêG 5 


362 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Vaſques de ( vronado. axque 
22 ͤ :.:. es Eee ͤ ͤ——— — Pie 
All che Spaniards would paſſe vp by che riuer of Saint Helena vnto the uiount aines oł golde aus ftrong armour 

Chppitati,, ; | uch ebings as 

The Spaniarngentring 50. leagues vp Saint Helena, found Andtans wearing golde ringt . uthelr langua 

xen. their noſkrels and eares. They found alſo Orea, but lelle then ours. were willing t 


ire leagues from Saint Helena toward the Month, there is a poynt that runneth karte into the nour; with cor 


lea, which is che marke to the Seamer to finde Saint Helena and Waterin. ſuch things as 
Waterin is ariucr fogtic leagues diſtant Nozthward from Saint Helena, where any flectegk FE doing them anp 
great (hips map ride fafelp, J tate this riuer to be tbat winch we call Waren in Virginia, while couered by out 
at Chꝛidtmaſle lat 158 5. the Spaniards ſent a barke with foptie men to diſcouer where woc were hardly reduced 
leated: in which barke was Nicholas Burgoignon the repozter of alltbeſe things, ftraw, They fe 
The Spaniards ok S.Auguitine haue Haine thace hundzen of the ſublects ot Potanou. Oi fes into a valle 
Potaſſi is neighbour to Potanou. Otatina is he which the French hiſtozy calleth Olata Ourina, countrep as ſain 
Calauai is another cafique which they knowe. houles: and the 
f md are tanned it 
SVNDRY VOYAGES MADE FROM women likewile 
5 ee P 2 tound windowee 
Nena Galicia, and Nueua Viſcaia in new Spaine, to the 5. Pro- whereof is comp 
uinces of new Vtexico, and to Quinira and Cibola, all ſituate on the > ture of vnknower 
backeſide of Gua/tecan,Florida,and Dirginia, as farto as 37. degrees of Not- tom time to tim 
herly latitude: with a deſeription of the rivers, lakes, cities: townes, on whom the lotte 
nations, fertile ſoyle, and temperate ayre in thoſe partes; and in the fapo ditch a 
moſt certaine notice of many exceeding tich ſiluet-  ftoze of dy wood o 
mines and other principall commodities. © continueth fo quie 
; > pleature, And th 
A diſcourſe of the famous Coſmographer John Baptifta Rami. I sam Demme’ 
ws, concerning the three voyages of Frier Marco de Nica, Francis Value : with the Fovetapor 
de Coronado, and Ferdinando eAllorchon next following: taken out of his third volume good allinance, th 
of Nauigations and Voyages. . am fruitful, and h 
i = — 10 right honcurable . de 10 a e ſent { i Charkste fee 
Sem GSS, Emperor to be viceroy o exico and Nueus 72, and Haina vdr 
cy I Se flood that Don Ferdinando Cortez han {cat ne along 1 talgk ALettero 
ie Get Pans NucuaE{pannate difcoucr countries, and to find vücthe Illes of the Malu. ca, tol 
cos began himſelke to elite todo the like, as viceroy *f Nueua Efpanns; any Datedin 
e vereupon they fell aut: fo: Cortez laid thar he was gene ral aud pilcourrer of Ofth 
be South (ea and that it belongedtobimto fetfarth ihole voyages. On the 5 e hard pa 
other ide, the lox Don Antonio alledged that it belonged tabim to make that dilcoueryasbeing Thenunk 


picercp of Nueua Efpanna, So that thep fell at great variance and Cortez returned tuto Spaine 
tocomplaine onto the Emperour. Don Antonio inthe meane feafon having obtcined kndtologe 
of the volage, whlch Andrew Dorantez (who was one of the company of Paniphilo Naruiezun & 
eltaped, as pou map reade in the relation of Aluaro Nunnez, called Cabega de Vaca) nabe {it 
Frier Marco de Nica witha Megroakthe ſato Dorantez.to diſcouer tbat country. Which Fair 
Marco de Nica being returned, x beulng inkozmedhis lozdſbip of all bis bi(couery,be ſenttthun 
Francis Vafquez de Coronado with many Spaniards on horebacke aro Indians on pn. 
wile he fencaflecte by lea, whereof Ferdinando Alorchon was teptaine, as map be ſelillache 
relations following, : ae 91 50 9 


how great! 


An extract of a letter of captaine Francis Vafques de (Coronado, brite rin tas not abou 
tentoa Secretary of the right noble Dan Antonio de Mendoca, viceroy ol Hi ae | 
of Nena Ejpanna, Dated in (uliacan, the 8. of March 1539. ? ea en 2 7 


E faith that Frier Mercus de Niga atxiued in the Pꝛauinre of Topica, mere he fun il stmay pleaſe pour ho 
Hi Indians fled onto the moumtalnes o feate of thee bpitians , and that op his (akethen, ma Pꝛouince, ping t 


Fgood mahing, aun whet . Aud chat bepond t 
then others, and their women are more heaurifull then othera.of the neiaht 


came all downe to ſee him, with greatiop ¢ voldnelle. They are men olg 


. beautifull th utr prowitices,, Thert gous could not tel 

are no gret cities there, pet ate the heules built of ltone, andare very good, and in them they deu Af n Pepper ele 
Euom not what ble to put it to, Che pen mprareon eheir boptes ¢ 

eir bodies: cher are baat, flu Mead ſiluer, where 


e great topgof gold, which is as it were lof; becaule the 


m reh ple weare Emeralds and other precious ie wels bpont 


D N Dax que de Coronado, Traffiques, and Diſcoueries 363 
/ . 3 ae Sp 
co armour made of liluer, faſhioned alter diuers ſhapes of beaſts. They wor hip tor their godg 
een lachen sep bauelntheir boutes,as namely bearbes, and bitdes, and fing 1 5 vere i 

intheit language, which dikereth but litle from that of Culiacan. They told the Frier that they 
gde ringen verk willing to become Chyiſtians, and the Emperoꝛs fi ubiects, fo they were without a gouet⸗ 
ihkurte into nour; with condition that no man ſhould hurt them 


and that they would change their golde for 
lch things as they wanted. Commandement was 
doing ehem any vifpleature, 


gere any fleetrof 
inginia, uhither 


fant leren with 
where we were eto keede cattel, They goe at cercaine ſeaſons to their lacri⸗ 
Me fices into a ballep ſituate in that Pꝛouinte, which is inhabited with people, eſtecmed bythole ofthe 
Potanou. Ore countrey as faints and pꝛieſts, whom they call Chichimecas, whith dwell in the woods without 
Olata Outina, houlen : and they eate luch things as thepof the countrey giue them of almeg. They goe naked, 
md are tanned in the ſmoke, and tpe their pꝛiuie member with a fring vnto their knee, and the 
. women like wile goe ſtarke naked. They haue certain temples coue red with ſtrawe, with mall 
ROM round windotwes full of the ſkuls of dead men; ound Ditch the brim 
15 Pro- and with another mire 
Hah ple in his mouth. They of this valley 
on ine tom time to time caſt lets, whole lucke it thal be to be ſacri ced, and they make bimgreat cheere, 
ha | on home the lotte falleth, and with great op they cro 
U 


tee of ap wood on both foes of him, and (et iton fre 

> continueth lo quietly without being bound, as though 
plenlure, And they lap that bee is a Saint, and doe wonchippe him for that pere, and ſing pꝛap⸗ 
les, and vnto him, and after ward et vp his head with the reſt in 
) vowes, Allo they lacriſice their pꝛiſoners, whom they burne in another Deeper ditch, and not 
with che foꝛelayde ceremonies, The Spanparves which are in Xalifco Mzite, that hauing 
y goovatlifance, they hope that thole people will become Chyittins, The Countrey ig very good 
an frutfull, and bath great ſtoze of good and wholeſome waters, 


8 


tiſta Nami. 
‘vances Values 
his third volume 


t ly Chaileste ff 


no yanin gy n A Letter of Francis Vazquez de (oronado,Gouernour of Nuena Gali. 
along th: coatof cia, to the lord Dos _Antoniode Mendoca, Viceroy of Neus Efpanna, 
les of the Malu. Datedin Saint Adichael of Culiacan the 8,0f March, 1539, 

ua Efpanna; any 

aud diſccuserat Of the hard paſſage from Saint Michael of Culiacan to Topira. The deſeription of that 
pages, On the Prouince, and of another neere vnto the fame, very rich in gold and Precious ſtones. 

Lcouerp asbeing The number of the People which Vazquez.caried with him in his journey thither; and 

Tat he how greatly Frier. Mere of Nicais honoured by the Indians of Petat/an, 

cine N 

illo Naruaezthit 


Jaca) inane; {tnt 

2 ich Fer zolpip ſendeth mee, can · 
1 by 1 N not be bꝛougbt thither before that time, and J chinke it be now in Compo- 
en in. | 74 4 Sf fella. Bellves this, Jam to paſſe many leagues ouer mightie high moun: 


vp douer a Rit 


nay be Cee ig fwolne 


pronado, Writ 

aca, Viceroy of i opiras amb though 3 pet becauſe Abaue lear⸗ ropira 
metbeng moe, Aehintzeir meereto ſam dolpip in thele my letters. 
fou all i may pleate pour Bonour therefore to vnderſtand that Topiraiga very popu⸗ 

en eatin ine Bounce, tying berweene ro ritter, 


50. inhabited townes there⸗ 
; . And that beyond the fame there ts another Countrep greater then it f the name whiveofthe xnorher areas 
ha moans could not tell mee, wherein there is grent Gore of bletuais of Maiz 


= French peafon, ter Pioumce. 
; thep rue FIO} Pepper, Pelong, and Gourvs, 

bys PA 2 cher hndergohe, Eng commonlp in 

fon ing very meld anſiluer, where with they couer cheir houles : and the chieke men weare great chaines ol 

N 2 tönt 


golde 


apparciied with paynted garments, and haue e celica 
their countrep, becauſe themſelues haue n orn \ 2 — 
one bn rite mber, and verp valiant, That which bere Al, . — concrary to! 
Marcode üs J learned by two other relations of Indians bwelling neere vnto them. J meane to ſet forwan 1 ßhunger. An 
bie 5. Shay. at the time beloze mentioned, and Atartte with me 1 so.hoptemen, and twelue ſpare horfes,ann pyeͤt could be 
200. ootmeu, croſſebow- men, and gunners, J take alfo with mee liue hogs, ſheepe, and ati luth hide it kom h 

things as J can get fo; moncp: allure pour Lopothip that J meane not to returne co Mexico,ony bhaulng heere 

Gj ve able toinforme pour honour moze perfectly, what the ftateof that place is: and if A find ug FF of Panphilol 

that we map doe good in, J will ap there, vntill J haue aduertiſed your Logochp, that Pou may lle great fe 

cemmand what pou will baue done: and tkit kall out fo vnluckilp. that there be nothing or impo and haͤuing p: 

tance, J will ſeeke to dilccuer 100, leagues farther, wherein (J hope in God) there will be und the matter wi 

ching found in which pour Loyothip map impiop all theſe gentlemen, ann tpoſe which wall une which were p 

bither bereafter. Ithinke J cannot chule but Gay there: and the waters, the ſenſons, and dispo . L(apde vopage 

tion ol the countrey, and other accidents wil virect mee what is bell to be done. Frier Matco ce Jadians whic 

Nięa entred a good way into the country, accompanied with Stephan Dorancez, the 7.0f fein. with Frier M 

arp laſt pa: when I departed from them. 3 tefe them with abowe 100. Indians of Petalan ana FR trauclled, an 

and from the time of their comming thither they greatly honoured the father, ſhewing bim all the and were men 

courteſies they could polſibly. N cannot fend pou, nop peicribe vnto pou bis entrance among them fo they went v 

better then J haue done in all my relations which J wrote in my letters from Compoſtella, any . or Saint Miche 

J ſignifled vnto you all things to the full from the citie of 8. Michael: and though there be but h that quarter, | 

tenth part of thole things, it is agreat matter. erewuball J haue lent pour Lopothip a L can, uernour, and: 

which J receiued from the (aio kather: the Judians tell me,chat all the people ok the tountreyde had giuen him, 

reatip reuerence him: and Abelerue he may trauel many leagues karther in that fore, De lat they were to vt 

that il he finde any good countrep, he will wnite to methereok: J will not goe thither withourin ſlaues, and that 

forming pour Lopothip of mp iourney. A hope in God, that by one way oz other wee Hall vio ME peaceably in th 


wer fome good thing. verre vled towa 


cauſes oktheir! 
A Letter written by the moſt honourable Lord Don Autan dune ton 
ice · te n N iefti | Countrey-men, 
cMendoca, Vice-toy of Nueus E/panna, to the Emperors Maieſtie. i pa 25 
Ofcertaine Noblemen which fought to diſcouęr che end ofthe firme land of Mu the Ipace ar mar 
anna towatd the North. Tre atriuall of /e de Coronado with Frier pp an keare 
S. Alichaelof Culiacan, with commiſſion to the Gouernors of thofe partes to pit pol we toh 
the Indians, and not to make them ſlaues any more, Friers ee 
Se the Chips that went Latt from hence (wherof Michael de Vſnagoum d Cbzitt, and they 
Sy ahh miral) J wpore vnto pour Paicllie, how J had lent two Francifcangriens I bome againe, wi 
8 to dilcouer the end ol this firme land, which dretcheth to the Porth, Abe: and other ſuch li. 
2 caufe their iourney fell out to greater purpoſe then was looked fo Able ted very well pls 
clare the whole matter fromthe beginning. It map pleate pour Puten fy would come ton 
UF cailto mind how often J wpote onto pour Oighnelle, chat A deſired u un Frier Marcoan 
beende ol this Pꝛouinte tt Nueua Eſpanna, becaule it is fo gen auen hint, went fo 
trep, and that we haue pet no knowledge thereof. Neither had N onely this deſire; fox Nunnode tiſement ok a cet 
Guzman peparten out of this city af Mexico with 400, hoꝛſemen, and 14000. Indians f., Tile the gouernour V 
bonne in tbele Indias, being the bet men Ethe belt furnithen, which haue bene leene in theltputz: I {ippoting this to 
and he did lo litle wich them that the mot part of them were confumen in the encerppise¢ couls i greed wich the Ca 
not enter nop diſcouer any more then already was dilcouered. Akter this the ſaide Nunno Gu: in certaine val 
man beeing Boucrnour of Nucua Galicia, (ent Captaines ard Woplcmen koodth diüers tints The gouernourt 
which ſped no better then he had dane. Lit wile the Marques de valle Hernando Cortez ſati I great ſcarcity of b 
captaine with 2. chips to dilcouer the coaſt: which 2fhips and the captaine periſhed, After th he I ſozward, and was 
fent againe 2. other ſbips, one of the which was diuided from her conſozt, and the Matter andter I trance, as in not b 
his was the taine mariners iue the captaine, æ vſurped ouer the ſhip. Alter this they tame to an Felann here ME sate to all thole, 1 
bad pha hag the Malter with certaine mariners going on land, the Indians of the country lle w them nd tobt and hath reueiled 
Sol cab. their boats andthe chip with thol · chat woere in it, returned to the cat ol Nucua Galicia, uber Land, who becaut 
Abdel. it ran on ground. By themen which came home in this thip, che Marques hav knowledge oft beware the whol 
countrep which they had diſcouerebd: aud then, either koz the dilcontentiment which bee be? wil budertake the Carn 
the biſhop of Saint Domingo, and with the Judges of this royal audience in Mexico, oꝛrathetbe , thing as he obfer 

cauſe of his fo pꝛoſperous lucceſſe in all things here in Nueua EIpanna without fecking anp ln 


SA ee yay | aaPTNTET OP Nolin — 
364 The Englith Voyages, &c. Vac quex de (Coronado. Don A 


refemap Volde well wzougbt, about their necks, and are 


denne to verve of dulde kine; and they lay they enter not into 
Vena eue ohe ol people: thole Indians being many in nu 


a 
( oronado, 
— 4 — — — 
ts, and haue lt ttzher intelligence ol the Race of tha 
lues haue nu git ccert une lootemen and hozſeinen 
which here Fly, ccontrarp to his expectat ion, eh 
me to ſet forwan hunger. And although he had ih 
e ſpare holes, u pet could hee neuer linde meane 
heepe, and all luuh 
ne to Mexico,vny 
and it I find ought 
hip, that pou may 
nothing of imp 
there will be {ong 
fe which (all come 
e dep 8 
e. Krier Marco ce . Jadiana whtclh J had gathered together. who were bone in thoſe No 
ex, the 7. of Ftbyu· with Frier Marco de Nięa, and his companion a Fr * fe i ee nt ede, eink laa 
ns 1 Petailan ang trauelled, and ererciſed in thole and had great experience in the affaires of he Indien 
— ty the tor whom F obtained leaue of heir Cupericitrs + ang 
‘Eon, 1 a d ueua Galicia vnto the Citic 
: 1 : bp the Spantaros cowarne 
Loyotip ale Mexico, Aflaone ag the gos 
a ch baten, bee ent tertaine of thole Indians which A 
abe dunn Tae and declare to the people 
that opt, De fi, maunded they ſhould not 
ethuber withoutin but might returne vnto th 
her wee Hall d atly troubled b 

ule them to bec 


Don Antono alle 5 
| A . alle ok al their 

Maieſtie. : hem ſo great a 

land of Mau 

with Friet Marcos 

oſe partes to put 


de Vſnago tus ad 
90 Francifcan Fritts 
the Noꝛth. Ano ber 
looked fo), J wilde 
gate pour Puten f would come to doe mhatloeuer he would cor 
at J deſired e in Frier Mareo and his companion, with the 
it is lo greatacm I Wen hin went forward on their voyage 
delire; fo; Numoce I tiſement of a certaine Pꝛouince calle 
10,1 9 the gonernour Vazquez de Coronado 
ſeene in theltyutz: i 
i f . hauing as 

a iota - ine,to mecte with him 

fers tts “jig eas 2 DECIITG 1 20. le. tfta Culiacan, vaitede tos cd. 
koozeh divers times, 5 rs) found none men. 
nando Cortez (enta I great ſcarcity of victu 
riched, Akitt thathe I fopward, 
d the Mallet andter 
e to an Jlland, where 
llew them, md took 
lucua Galicia, whert 
bad knowledge tk bewrote the who! 
r which hee han MA Umnerrake rhe fame, J 
Mexico,oprather bom bingsashe oblerued 


pout fecking any fa Eh 


e face haue gone about 
footed Frier. And ſo the Fri 


Arelation 


366 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Marco de Nica, 
i ate ene ERE te ea a ee ce ms. Al ae 
A relation of the reuerend father Frier Marco de Nica , touching 
his diſcouery of the kingdome of Cewola or Cibola , ſituate about 30. de. 
grees of latitude, .o the Noith of Meru Efpanna, 


Chap. 1. 


Frier (Marco de Nica departeth from Saint Michaelin the Prouince of Culiacan, ſtandng 
in 24. detztees of Northerly latitude : and comming to the Towne of Perailan,receiyeh 
many courteſies of the Indians there, Departing from thence, he had information of Ma. 
ny Iflands,and of a great countrey inhabited with ciuil people; he commeth to Tac 
where during his aboad,he heard newes of Ceno/a,and of the {tate ofthe 7.Cities, and of 
other prouinces,& ofthe sich Iflands of perles,which extend northward vponthe cosh, 


Frier Marco de Nica of the oꝛder of S,Francis, fox the execution of the ins 
Rruction of the right honourable 1090 Don Antonio de Mendoga, Uicesrop 


— 7 
= * 


(r 
ei * 
52 8 F $,Mich ince of Cul ip 
i 24 l from the towne cf S. Michael in the proutnce of Culiacanon Friday he 7.08 

( MEN March, in che pecre 15 39. hauing for mp companion Frier Honoratus an 
t 2 . carying with me Stephan a Negro, belonging to Andrew Dorantez and 
. | certaine of hole Andians which the layde ioꝛd Uice · roy had made free , any 
bought for this purpoferwhont Francis Vazquez de Coronado gouernourof Nueua - lic de · 
liuered me, and with manyother Indians of Petatlan, and of the towne called Cuchillo, whichig 
fome zo. lengues from 'etatlan, who came to the valley of Culiacan, ſhewing themſelues to bet 
erteeding glad, becaule they were certilied by the Indians which had bin let free, whom the ld 
gouernour hav ſent befoze to aduertiſe themof their libertie, that none ol them from thencefonh 
fhould be made llaues, and that no man ſhould inuade them, noz vſe them badly; ſignifping inte 
them, chat the Emperoꝛs Maieſty bad willed and commanded that it ſhould be fo. WMliththe foyes 
faid company J went on mp vopage vntill J came to the towne of Petatlan finding all the wap 
great intertalnment, and pꝛouiſion of uictuals, with roles, flowzes, and other {uch things, and 
bowers which they made forme of chalke and boughs plat ted together in all places tu bere there 
were no houſes. In this tomne of Petatlan reſteb 3 bapes, becaute my companion Honoratus 


petotlan a 
towne, 


without anp merit of mine, hauing in my company the laid Stephanthe N th Of Dorantez, d 
0 


the countrey, which 
gaue me great intertainment and welcome in all places where I came, and made mee bowers of 


a rom that part of Petatlan, Alu 
eeke me certaine Indians from the Jun, 


be iſland of 
ant leo. ak wood: and from the maine to the illand is but halle aleague by lea, litle moze oz leſle. Likewile 
u great land, certaine Indians of another illand greater then this tame to vilit me, which illand is fartheroff ol 

n whom J was infounev that there were 3 o.other final ilands, which were inbabiten, but had ſmal 
Ae eth Moze vf victuals, laing a. which haue Wats oz core of the country. Che Le Indians had about thie 


19 i Ho OF necks many great ſbels which were mother of Wearle, Iſhewed them pearles which J carrpen 
inpearles, with me for a ſhew, and they told me that there were in the Jllands great ſtoze of them, and thole 


very great: howbeit J law none of them. J followed my voyage thaougha deſert of 4.vapes 
iourne y, hauing in my company boch the Indians of the illands, x thole of the mountaines which 

had palled, and at the end ot this veſert J found other Indians which maruelled to fee me bttauſe 

they had no knowledge ol any Chrittians, hauing no traffike noz conuerſation with thole Indians 

Hoelertfoure which J hav palled, in regard of the great delert which was between them. Theſe Indiansinters 
bales GUENEP. teined me erteeding tourteouſſp, e gaue me great ſtoꝛe of dictuals,¢ ſought to touch my garméts, 
and called me Hayota, which in their language fignifieth A man come ſiom heauen. Chele lo- 

dians aduertiſed by my interpꝛeter. atcoꝛving to my inũructions in the knowledge of our Lon 

Godin heauen, ¢ ofthe Emperoz. In thele countries e in all places els by all wapes and 5 

pollibie, 


and captaine General fop the E mperoʒs Mateſtie in New Spaine,departen | { 


| Mare 


poſſible. J 
und underl 
belt they te 
mauntaine 
great Cou 
Jcarryeb! 
of Golde an 
carrped cer 
they haue ce 
the walles c 
ſels. And b 
lenme the Co 
might voe it 
Thus J 
whome A un 
ſonable big 
fore of good! 
isfortie lear 
dayes be‘ore | 
bb the J lande 
tothe Sea by 
Des coaſt ant 
Stephan Dora 
| fiftte 0 thꝛceſi 
| which tore ſou 
 peoplen and ric 
ſſoulorcturne 
| agreed bpon, t 
dcnehadtull lol 
Countrep grea 
ſpde Stephan! 
ter the melleng 
bought me wo 
people which ga 
inhis company, 
ang. This Jad 
bas, vnto the fir 
tere are ſcuen g 
el rme and Ot 
ſome of two and 
that all ok them to 
houleg there are n 
great plentie: all 
there are other * 
Raue credite to his 
ferred my departu 
mee, and allo to at. 
N umedynto me vpe 
oktwoof the Blan 
Abictuals, 3s J hat 
Beirles vpon their 
infomen mee of foi 
ple m the Oea⸗ coe 
kenique one with t 


Lee endtans akt 


led wuth were ſo la 
the topp afthe ſame 
Mot pierce them. 


ode Nica, 


a, touchin 


te about 30. de. 


dullac am, ſtandin 


Petatlan, teceiueil 
formation of mn. 
nmeth to Da 
he 7. Cities, and of 
rd vpon the coil. 


execution of the ins 
endoga, ice. up 
1 Spaine, depatteb 1 
on Frivay the 7 0f 
t Honoratus 1 
w Dorantez, any 
ad made free, any 
Nueus . alicia de 
Cuchillo, whichig 


theinſelues to bet 
ee, whom thelm 
from thenceforth 
; ignikying ima 
fo. Mitch the foyes 
inding all the wap 
rfuch things, ud 
laces tx bere cere 
panton Honoratus 


Dhott did leade me, 
Of Dorantez, any 
e coumerep, which 
we mee bowers of 
ule (as they ſab) l 
st imeanes ratherta 
3 Michael , which 
to carp them ab 
of Petatlan, lin 
from the Ilm, 
fopmed that it was 
pon certaine rafts 
oz leſle. Likewile 
nd is fartheroff, of 
bited, but had (mal 
ins had about their 


8 which A cup 
ok them, and ihole N 
deſert of 4.vapes 
zuntaines hich S| 
tofee me bitauſe 
with thofe Indians 
ae 
such mp garméts, 
auen. Thele lu. 
lege of our Lom 
papes aud meanes 
pollible, 


ol Golbe an 


might uoe it 
Chu J 


e 


fhoulsreturne 


4 


ſmde Stephan 


Marco de Nica. Trattiquesand Diſcoueri 


poſſible, I foughe infoꝛm ition wh 
and underſtanding then thole whic 
belt they tolde mee, that foure o 
mountaines there is a lar 
gecat Townes, 


tothe Sea by t zce ſeue 
Den cualt and ok ſome of hole J 
Stephan Dorantez the Negro an 
fiftte 07 thacefcore leagues 
which wee ſought to difeor 
people and riche Countr 


in perſon, 02 ſhould ſende m 
reed bpon, to wit, that if it were but a 
bnehmdlull long; and ifit 
Countrey greater and bete 
departed fro 
ter the mellengers of Steph 

bꝛought me wor from Ste 
| People which gaue him info 


inhis company, which h 
ang. This Indian told 


was, unto the firſt Citic of th 
are ſcuen great Cities 


el Lyme and S 
ſome of two an 


tone, 


d ok t 


that all of them lopne 


poles there are man 


mee, and allo to attend th 


turned vnto me vpon Caſter dap, 
oktwo of the Illands. 


Beitles pon their fopehea 
infoymen mee of foure and thi 


cre any Countreys were of mo 


ves fourncy within ¢ 
dine, wherein thep 
when J ſhewed theme 
Swerve in the Lande, th 
% the people of that 
tir noſtrilleg, and at t 


aud people clad in Cotton 
Tearrped with mee, to learne what riche 
dtolde mee, that thereof were v 
cartyed certaine tound greene ſton 
they haue tert aine : Anne pl 
the walles or their Cemple 
ſels. And becaule this CA 
legue the Coaſt, J dete nuned t 
moze commodioull 
traue lled thʒee dayes tourne 


man Chie mas te 


atesokthat Golde, wher 
rewuh, and that they 


ſcouety thereol vn 


aud gaue mee great woe a town 
red. This Cowne 


and much Golde. T 


date, with a hole in 


looke out beloꝛe ꝛthey ar (as J ſuppoſe) will 


pe a —— = ° 
ee ee — — . = 


368 The Engliſh Voyages,Nauigations, Marco de Nica, 
J ee re ee 


He hath new information of the ſeuen Cities by certaine Indians called Pintados, and of 
three other kingdomes called AZarata,eAcus, and Totonteac , being Countreys very 
rich in aa and Hides of eattel. Following his voyage through thofe countries, 
he taketh poſſeſſion thereof for the Emperors Maieſtie, and of the Indians is much ho. 
noured and ſetued with victuals. 


he ſame day came three Indians of thofe wi J called Pintados, betauſe I Caw their fy 

ces, bꝛealts and armes painted. Theſe d wel farther vp into the countrep towards the Cat, 
and ſome of them boꝛder vpon the ſeuen cities, which ſayd they came to ſee mee, becaule they hu 
heardof me: and among other things, they gaue me information of the ſeuen cities, and of thy 
other Pꝛouinces, which the Andtan that Stephan ſent me had tolde mee ok, almoſt in the very 
ſame maner that Stephan had ſent mee wozde; and fo J (ent backe the people of the ſea· coal 
and two Indians of the Jilanves layde they would goe with mee ſeuen oz eight dayes. 

So with theſe and with the thꝛee Pintados aboue mentioned, J departed from Vacupa by 
on E aſter tuelday, the lame way that Stephan went, from thom J received new mellengm 
with a Croſſe of the bigneſle of che firſt which helene me: which haltenen mee fopwarn, and ali 
red me that the land which J ſought for, was the greateſt ans beſt countrey in all thole party, 
The Cayo meſſengers told mee particularly without fapling in any one poynt, all that wüichth 
firſt mellenger had tolde mee, and much moze, and gaue mee moze plaine infozmation there, 
So Itrauelled that day being Calter tueſdap, and two dapes moze , the very Lame way thy 
Stephan had gone: at the end of which 3 dapes they tolde mee that from that place a man muh 
trauell in thirtie vapes to the citie ol Ceuola, whichis the firtt of the ſeuen. Neither did one onclp 
tell me thus much, but very many; wbo tolde me very particularly of the greatneſle af the bouts, 
and ofthe faſhion ok them, as the lirſt meflengers had infoꝛmed me, Allo cheytold me, that iving 
thefe ſeuen Cities, there are 3. other kingdomes which are called Marata, Acus, and Totontesc, 
Jenquired of them wherefore they traue ller ſo karre from their houles : They Laie that they went 
for Turqueſes, and Mides of kine, and other things; andthat of all theſe ihere was great am 
Dance in this Countrep. Likewiſe J enquired how, and by what meanes they obteined tet, 
things: They tolde me, by their ſleruice, and bythe ſweat of their bꝛowes, and that they wen 
vnto the firſt citie of the Pꝛouince which is calleo Ceuola, and that ihey ſerued them in tiling 
their ground, and in other buſinelleg, and that they giue them Hydes ok oren, which they hurn 
thole places, and turqueſes far their ſeruice, and that the people of this city weare very fine uon 
cellent turqueſes hanging at their eaves and at their noſtrils. They Cap alſo, that o theſe tunnur 
les they make fine wopkes vpon the pꝛincipall gates of the houles of this titie. They tolome, 
that the apparell which the inhabitants of Ceuola weare, is a gowne of cotten downe tothe fut, 
with a button at the necke, and a long tring hanging vonne at che lame, and that the lieu 
thefegownes are as bꝛoad beneath as aboue. They lay, they gyꝛd themſelues with ayoiesof 
turquefes, and that ouer theſe coates ſome weare good opparel, others hides ok trine ben well 
dꝛeſſed, which they take to bee the belt apparell of that countrep, whereok they haue there grat 
quantitie. Likewiſe the women goe apparelled, and ceuercd vowne ro the foote, Thele Imi 
ang gaue me verp good mntertainment, and curiouſly enquired the dap of my departure from y. 
cupa, that at my returne they might pꝛouide me of foode and lodging. They brought cenaine 
ſicke folkes beloze mee, that J might heale them, and fought to touch my apparell, anogaue 
mee certaine Cow. hydes fo well trimmed and dzeſled, that by them a man might coniecture 
tbe thep were wrought by ciuile people, and all of them affirmed, that they came from 

cuols. 
another bñ · ¶ The nert day J followed my iourney, and carrying with mee the Pintados, J came to anos 
lage. ther Aillage where Awas well receiued by the people of the ſame: who like wile fought to touch 
my garments, and gaue mee as particular knowledge of the Lande afoꝛeſayde, as J ha tert 
ued of thoſe which mette mee before: and alſo tolde mee, that from that plate certain people 
were gone with Stephan Doranteꝛ foute oʒ flue dayes iourney. And here J found a greatttolle, 
which Stephan had left me foꝛ a ſigne, that the newes of the good Countrey increaſed, andleft 
woꝛde, that with all haſte chep ſhould ſende mee awap, and that hee would fay ſoꝛ mer atthe 
ende of the fir Defert that he mette wich. Peere J fet vp two Crofles, and cooke potlellion 
accopding to mine inſtruction, betaule that che Countrep ſeemed better vnto mee then that 
075 J had paſled, and that J thought it meete to mane an acte of polleſlion as farre as thet 
place. 

an 


Mare 

In this 
tie and inte 
countrep. 
is no foode 
for mie: k 
that place 
with a ver) 
the fame, 1 
couered Wit 
the people c 
noftrilles ar 
Aullage can 
in Caconad 
tied vnto me 

great abund 

vellels to dz 
garment of 
> other Indian 
> was great ht 
Aaughed, and! 
replped: C 
and that whic 
arte full ok tha 

whom they ta 
inloꝛme mee 
bout the bign 
that there is g 


o la a all 
Te traits Sere en 


Bede ec 


He entreth 
his Voy⸗ 
(asheh: 
35. degre 

and Ae 


ö he nert d 


and victu⸗ 
like lozt, and al 


tinucth. 


Atthe ende of 
thefirt Aülage 
gutles hanging 
Lopofthe Gilt 
ware them but fi 
ble and goe in go 
a their naſtrils a 
great knowledge 
they tole vs part 

men that had ben 
hecellary fo9 the f 
3 15 Hen itu: 
aid they Fox my be 
ſheued me hom th 
ingitones thereon, 


ining to mount ! 
Jod fort as J mz 
Bett hende, anv 


ode Nica, Marco de NCica. Trattiquesand Difcoueries, 369 
„ JJ 


Pintados, and of 
ng Countreys ve 

gh thoſe countries, 
ndians is much ho. 


auſe I ſam their fy 
towards the Cat, 
e, becauſe they bay 
cities, and of thy 
almoſt in the very 
ple of thẽ fea-coxs, 
t dapes. 


from Vacupa yy 

eo new mellengey oth would receiue no whit. And hauing m 

Toward, and aly garment of gray cloth, which in Spaine is called garagoga, the Loan of this Gillage, and the 

mall thole parts, other Indians touched my gowne with their handes, and tolde mee, that of luch Cloth there 

„ all that wich wu great ſtoꝛe in Totonteac, and that the people of that Countrey woꝛe che ſame. Cibhereae J Store of woot. 
fopmacion ther’, (RE laushed,and (aydetharit was nothing elfe but fuch apparctt of Cotton as they wore, Ano they leren and 
exp lame way hy repfbed: le would haue thee thinke that we vuderſtand, that that apparell which thou weareſt, ‘onteac. 
place a man mig and that which we weare are of diuers ſoztes. Underſtand thou, that in Ceuola all the houſes 

either div onconlp ere full ol that apparell which we Weare, but in Totonteae there are certaine litle beatts , from 

neſſe nf the un, whom they take that thing where with Cuch apparell as thou weareſt, is made. Ipnayed them to 

oldme, chativings , tnfopmentce moze playnelp of this matter. And thep tolde mee that the lapde beattes were ae 

us, and Totonesc, bout the bignelle of the two bꝛaches 02 ſpaniels which Stephan carpen with him, and they fap 

fait that theynet that ihere is gꝛeat ſtoꝛe of that cattell in Totonteac, i 

pre was great abu 

they obteined their 


Chap,3. 
and that they went : ; 
rued them in tiling He entreth into a deſert, and the Indians ſuffer him to want nothing neceſſary. Following 
which they hurn his Voyage, he commeth into afertiley , andhath certaine knowledge giuen him 
ate very fine anders (ashehad before) of the ſtate of Cenola,and of Totonteac; and that the coaft of the ſea ia 
chat of thele tun 35. degrees trendeth much to the Weſtward: and alſo of the kingdomes of CMarata 
e. They toloeme, and eens, 
i downe tothe foote, 


iD that the fuse He nert vay N entred into the Delert, and where A was to dine, J found howers 

nes wich Puta etn, anner en abumpance bp ariucrs five end at night A found bowerg and bictuals fg fore bays 
es ok kine very well FR Uheloyt, anvattcr that naner J found fod 4.dapestrauells all which time the wildernelle come wurnen. 

ey haue there great tinueth. a i 

oote. Thele Im Ateheenve ok thele ſoure vapes, J entredinto a ballep very well inhabited with people. At ever popu⸗ 
departure from Vie chefittt Citlage there mette me manp men and women with victuals, and all of them had Tur: ous ball. 
y bzought certaine quefes hanging at their noltrils and cares, and Come bap collars of turqueſes like thale which the 

ayparelt, amgine I Lovvofthe Alllage vetoye came to theDefert, and his eine wethzen more ; ſauing that they 

n might conecure f ware them but lingle about thett neckes > and theſepeopl 

at they tame from 


los, J came to ands ge of Ceuola 


B of Cuxco: and 
vile ſought to touch they tolde vs particularly the maner of their houles, lodgings, ftreetes and market-places , as 
de, as A bott, f men that hav bene oktentimes there, and as thofe which were furnéthen kromthence with things 
Lace tertam people f nrtelcerp fo9 the ſeruite of their houtholve, ag thofe allo had done, which J already! 
. de 
ad tay Mme. g gree lay: 
mo cooke poe ntevalott, Nolte them whether the menokther Couintrep ha 
vnto mee chen tht MF wings to mount vp vnto thole loftes : whereatthey laughed, and ſhewen mee a Ladder {nag 
ion ag fart as tet f ge as Amp Cele wan able to bereibe it, Then t eptooke a Sraffe and helo tt büuer 
her head, and fata chat he loltg were fo high one abb another, Likewile ‘peeve I had in: 
an Hh 3 formation 


foxmationof the woollen cloth of Totonteac, where they ſap are houles like thole ot Ccuoſa ad toward his 

better and moꝛe in number, and that it is a great Pꝛouince, and hath no gouernour. ſtrength th 

Pere J vnderſtood that the coat of the ſea trended much toward the Cleſt: ko; vnto the en tre great! 

trance ofthis firt deſert which L palſed, the cont ill uretchev Mozthward: and becaule he . — Goatelhin, 

This gradua· trending ok the coatt is a thing of great impoztance, J was deſirous to knowe and ſre it: and me woꝛd, t. 
ben un ce >, law plainelp, that in z 5. degrees the coat ſtretcheth to the Cet, whereat A reiopced no lelt, full. beraul. 
degrets at th then ok the good ne wes within land, and lo J returned backe to pꝛotceeve on my iourney. trey, and let 
. Through the fopelayd valley J traualed Aue vapes iournep, which is inhabited with goon} Ipe; lo euet 
people, and ſo aboundeth with victuals, that it ſufficeth to feede aboue three theuland hozlemen: that he (hou 

it is all well watered and like a garden: the burroughs and townes are halfe and a quarter of, the villages 

league long, and in all the e villages, J found very ample report of Ceuola, whereok they mare done accopdi 

fuch particular relation vnto me, as people which goe peerely thither to earne their liuing. hen becauſe that 

J found a man bozne in Ceuola, who told me that he came thither, hauing eſcaped ſrom the gouer⸗ trance into t 

nour oz Licutenant ot the towne; for the Loyd ok theſe ſtuen Cities liueth and abideth in one k they would p 

Asen thoſe townes called Ahaeus, and in the reſt he appopnteth licu-tenants under him. This townel⸗ that with Ste 
man ol Ceuola is a white man ok a yn complexion, ſome what weil in peeres, anv of farce grea ' pictuals afte 

ter capacitic then the inhabitants of this vallep, oz then thoſe which J had lekt behind me. Pte phoped to retu 

ſapde that hee would goe with e I might begge his pardons and ok bim N learned muy He and lo rette 

particulars: be tolde me that Cèuola was a great Citie, inhabited with great ſtoꝛe of people, nyother thing 

and bauing many Streetes and Market places: and that in ſome partes ol this Citie there nt Tully, and all ¢ 

certaine very great houles of flue ſtozies high, wherein the chieke of the Citie allemble tum; der ol the ttre 

ſelues at tertaine dapes of the peere. Oe lapeth that the houſes are ol Lyme and Stone, at cgether with tl 

ding as others had tolde mee before, and that the gates, and ſmall pillars of the pꝛincipall tours to go with me 

ore of Turqueſes, and all the vellels wherein they are lerued, and the other oznaments ofteirr olkturqueſes, x 

houles were ok golde: and that the other fire Cities are built like vnto this, whereoffomeare necellarp fo t 

bigger: and that Ahacus is the chiefett of them. Mee fapth that towardthe Boutheaſt threisg . Thus Jent 

Maratetieth to» kingdome called Marata, and that there were woont to be many, andthole great Cities, which and beaten wa 
ward oe were all built ok bouſes of tone, wich diuers lofts; and that theſe haue and doe wage warte) and at night w 


the Loꝛd ol the ſeuen cities, though which warre this kingdome of Marata is fog the mot pan 


g me, and anothe 
waſted, although it pet continueth and mainteineth warre againſt the ether. 


| cottages and n. 


rotomesctpety L ikewile be ſaith, chat the kingdome called Totanteae lpeih toward the Melt, whichtelih In this lot At 
Went, is a very mightle Pꝛouince, rept niſhed with infinite Pope of people and riches: and that ine Pares, and pa 
ſapde Ringdome they weare woollen cloth like that which J weare, and other liner Coats of woo big oz they be 
len cloth made ok the fleeces of thole beattes which they deſctibed befoze vnto me; and tha p Oere met vs 
are a verp ciuile people. Mozeouer hee tolde me, chat there is another great Pꝛotunce anohinge gone befope wit 
dome called Acus; fo; there is Acus,and Ahacus with anafpiration, which is the principle (wet, and ſhe w 
the ſeuen cities: and Acus without an aſpiration is a kingdome and Pꝛouinte of it ſelfe, eus Re before Stephan 
me allo, that the apparel which they weare in Ceuola is after the fame maner as they betcha was alwayes tan 
tertiſted me, and that all the inhabitants ofthe Citie lie vyon beddes rayſeda good height fumtde them, which go 
ground, with quiles and canopies ouer them, which couer the ſapde Beds: and hee tolde mee Py token that he ver 
de would goe with me to Ceuola and farther alſo, i A would take him with ie. The like ren: uols befbze the ¢ 
tion was giuen vnto me in this towne by many other g, but not ſo particularly. J trauelledre delluered him eh 
dapes iourney thꝛough this valley: the inhabitants whereof made mee exceeding great chem belles, in a great 
intertainement. In this valley J Caw aboue athouland Ore-hides moſt excellently crimme and backing with fer 
dzelled. And here alſo Flaw farre greater More of Turqueſes and chaines made thereof, thenin then in no cale t 
all places which A had paflen; and they Cap, that all commeth from the city ol Ceuola, whereof returned 
they haue great knowledge, es alfo of the kingvome of Marata, and of the kingdomen al Acu i great matter, and 
and Totonteac. be found men that 
lbode without the 
Chap. 3. batter with them, 
; ö ; bythe way, and tf) 
Of very great beaft with one horne vpon his fore-head; and of the courteſiet which I nertoay in the mo; 
the Indians fhewed Frier Marcus of Nica, in his Voyage. Alfo how cruelly Stephan TR thattnag nere att 
Doramtex and his companions were vied vpon their atriuall at Cewo/a, by the Lorde ple follotmen bim, 


thereof, Aminlawthelet 
3 5 fs i sie wap ofthe deſert. 
be on Hrn arent e balle as bigge againe as the hide ofa great oxe, and tolde lament md A thou 


igtoasche Chin of a beat ubichbed dur one Hopne vpe bis opebendye cba his onc pn tnuch the lolſe ok mi 


Mavic de: Dhlca.  Vealto pants 
Marcode Nica, Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


— ssa aY | eee - 

totwardbis breast, and that out Ofthefante goeth a poine right forward, wher n 55 
f Arengrbschee it Will bꝛeake anp thing how ttrong fo eutrieue if 00 Hooda 1 

re great Rope of thele beaſts in that Countrey. The colour of the hide is of the c 

Ooat- kin, and the haire is Afinger thicke, Pere 8 
me woꝛd, that by this time he was come to the fartheſt part ok the deſert 
full, becaule the farther he went the more perfect know 


ur. 
: for vnto the q 
3 and becaule che 
and lee it: and J 
reiopced no leit, 


ledge he hadofthe eatneſſe of the coun: 
tourney. trep, and lent me ward, that ſince his departure from me, hee neuer had st 0 the Fibians in 10 
bited with gro Ipe; fox euen vnto that very place he had found al in ſuch maner ag they had forme him, « hopeo 
cufand boatemn, that he ſhould find the like at his arriuallin the valley which he was going unto, ag he had founo in 
and a quatterd ME the villages beioꝛe palled. Jet vp croſſeg, and vled thole acts and teremontes, which were to be 
herent they mare diane accoꝛding to my int a ang. The inhabitants requeſled me to tap here thꝛee or foure Dates, 
their liuing. ere becaule that fromebis % chere werekoure dapes lourney vnto the delert, and fram the firtt en⸗ 
ed rom the gon. trante into the fame det unto the citie of Ceuola are Fy great Daves iourney mopesaito that F aetna 
abide in one ar theptwoulo proutde biccuats to) me and other necettaries fos hat vopage. Likewiletheptoto me, ah end or the 
im. This towne that with Stephan the Negro were gone aboue 300 men to beare him company, and to carrp dg, Cen 
, aNd OF karre gits victuals after him, and that in like Cor manp of them would go with me to ſerue me, berauſe they oe 
t behind me. hee hoped to returne home rich. J thanked them, and willedthem to let things in oꝛder with (peeve, 
m N learned may umd ſo Ireſtedthere three dayes, wherein Jalwapes infoamen my felfe of Ceuola, and of as ma: 
eat done of prop, vpother things as A could learne, and called many Jndlans vnto mee, and examine) them ſeue⸗ 
bis Citic eherean | tallp,and all of chem agreed in one tale, and told me ok the grea 


tie allemble tm 
nd Stone, ati, 


t multitude of pecple, and of the oꝛ⸗ 
der ol the reetes, al the Freatneſſe of the houſes, and of the ſtrengtt okthe nate ge a 
| gether with that which the ret before had told me. After three 


. Dapes many affemblen t emſelue 

eprincipall toutes do go with me, z o ofthe principal of whom J tooke,betng very well apparelled, and 11 ges 

omaments other . ofturqueles, which Come of them weare fiue 02 fire times double, and other people to carp things 
whereof fare FRE necellarp fop them and me, and ſo ſet fozward on my vopage. 

houtheaſt the ; Thus Jentred into the ſecond deſert on the oof Map, and trauelled the lirſt day l 

reat Cities which end besten wap, E we came to dine 


e wage warre wih 
Sforthe mot put 


Ick, which telrip 


ded iy ol of wild beats, Tele bapes 
es: and that in ihe Paine although they are n tourney. 

uner lots of wo big oz they be ſome what leſle. 

me; and tha tp HR Vere met vs an Indian the ſonne of one ok the chiefe men that accompanied mee, which had 

Bounce andhings gone before with Stephan, who came ina great right. hauing his fate and body all coueren with 

y {8 the ppincipalet went, and fhe wing exceeding {annette in his countenance ; and he told mee that a dayes tourney 

okit ſelke. hen Pe before Stephan came to Ceuola he ſent bis great Mace made oka gourd by his meſlengers, as he 

as they befney was alwayes woont to ſend them before him, that hee might knowe in what ſoꝛt hee came vnto 

god height fromehe then, which gourd had a ſtring of belles vpon it, and two feathers one thi 

hee tolde mei Re token t 


ne. The like rell 
1, Itrauelledchur 


. — 1. engers to get t 
ancien packing with ſpeed, foz he knew well pnough what people they wer if get them 
ade thereof, thenin them in no cale to e 
f Ceuola , whereof 
kingdomes of Acus 


 courtefies which 
yw cruelly Stephan 
wola, by Lorde 


bim, and flew certatne of ehe indians which went in his company, And when this 

ſethings, he bid himlelfe on ihe banks of the riuer, and after ward croſſed the high 
wap ofthe defere, The Indians that went with me hearing theſe newes began incontinently to 
re, and tolde me that nd I thought theſe heauie and bad newes would colt mee my life, neither did J frare ſo 
b this bonne me much he lolle ormine onme life, as chat q houto not bet able to returne to giue information of 


the 


JJ. 
372 The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, Marco de Misa. Varg 


the greatneſſe of that Countrep, where our Loꝛd Gov might be glozified: and ſtreightwap qtuu cueredn 
the corns of mp budgets which J carrien with me kul ol nierchandiſe top teaffique,twbich A wan fee ail 
not doe till then, no giue any thing to any man, and began to diuide all that J carried withmee - re the bi 
mone the principal men, willing them not to be akraid, but to goe forward with me, and lothy 5 no de f2 
did. And going on out way, within a dapes iourney of Ceuola wee met two other Indian “ pi and o 
thole which went with Stephan, which were bloody and wounded in manpplaces: and alſoone s a eater a 
they tame to vs, they which were wich mee began to make great lamentation. Theſe wounny 825 Aneot 
Indians J acked fox Stephan, and they agreeing in all poynts with the firſt Indian lapd, that l. rour out L 0 
ter they bad put him into the foze ſapd great houle without giuing hun meat vꝛ ppinkeallthetny a tooke in t 
and all that night, ihep tocke front Stephan all the things which hee carried with him. Tee ata. Thus 
next day when the Sunne was a lance high, Stephen went out ofthe houſe, and ſome of the chen. tot ic 4000 
men with him, and luoden p came ſtoze of people from the citie, whom alloone as hee lawe e 4 es trauel 
began to run away and we like wile, and forthwith they Mot at vs and wounded vs, and terane aad ash 
Dead men Fell vpon vs, and fo we lay till night and Duct not fire, and we beard great tumoursin flanne at Ceu 
the citic,and law many men and women keeping watch and ward vpon ihe walles thereof, and leagues the f 
ter this we could not {ce Stephan any moze,and wee thinke they baue thot bim to death, as thy ee tek cond de 
haue done all the reſt which went withhim, lo that none are eſcaped but we onelp. of Unio bel 
plate J onde: 
Chap. $e 4 1 not ei 
The ſituation and greatneſſe of the Citie of Ceuola, and how frier Marcus tooke poffeficn [ime ofthe feuenct 
thereof and of other prouinces, calling the fame The mew kingdome of S. Francis, ud fame, without 
how after his departure from thence being preſerued by God in fo dangerous a yoy. bokthe things! 


age, he arriued at Compeſtella in Nuena Galicia. > onelpof area 
moll fruit full 


Hi conlidered the fopmer repogtof the Indians. and the euill meanes which 2 h to golde in this v 
pꝛolecute my vopage as J deſired, I thought it not good wilfully to looſe my life is Ste. they urike and 
phan bib; and ſa I cold them, that Gon would punith thoſe of Ceuola,and that the Niceroy when de ak the plat 
he ſbould vnderſland what had happened, would lend many Chyittians to chaſtiſe them: dutthey I vptwocroſles 
would not be leeue me, koꝛ they lapde that no man was able to withſtand the power of Ceuol, I ther places bet 


Andherewithall Jlekt chem, and went alide two oz the ſtones calt, and oben J return] . as Jcoulde me 
found an Indian ok mine which J had bought from Mexico tallev Marcus, who wept and fate ung there to h 
vnto me: Father, thele men haue conlulted to kill vs, ko they lap, that though pour und de⸗ ding him not t 
hans meanes their fathers are llaine, and that neither man no woman ok them (hall temaem ] J found him. 
aine. Then againe F deuived among them certaine other things which J had, to appeaſe ton, matter: Jony 
whereupon they were ſome what paciſied, albeit they Lil ſhewer great grieke for the pople though which 
which were flaine, J requeſted fome of the ato goe to Cevola, to fee ianpother Indim nat gn 
efcaped, with intent that they might learne fone newes of Stephan; which J could not obtain ies 
at their handes. CCihen J lau this, J ſayd vnto them, that J purpofen to fee the titie it ceuo· Re The rela 
la, whatſoeuer tame ot it. Chey ſapde that none of them would goe with me. At the lat un He the pec 
they lawe mee relolute, two ok the chiefe of them fapvethep would goe wih me ; with home C duntr 
and with mine Indians and interpꝛeters J followed mp wap, till I came within ſight of C- Viceroy 
la, which is lituate on a plaine atthe foote of a round bill, and maketh ſhewto bee a faire tit as ie the'yee 
is better ſeated then any that Z haue ſtene in hele partes. The houles are builded in ouch : He found ir 
copvitig as the Indians told me, all made of fone with diners ſtozies, and flatte roofts, as as Ee 20151 
A could ifcerne ktom a mountaine, whither J alcended to vie we che citie. The people em- 
what white, they weare apparell, and lie in beds their weapons are bowes, they baue Ewald Feil xe 
andother ieweis, although they elteeme none lo much asturqueſes, wherewith eber aumthe MR” ancit FA 
walles of the porches of their houles, and their appare ll and veſlels, and ihey vle them in dend of , Noyage,' 
monep though alltbe Countrey. Their apparel is of cotton an’, of ore hides, ano this is thet ME: felt tig 
moſt cemmendable and honourable appareli. Chep vle veſlels of gold and ſiluer, for they haue "iJ Ler ue 
no other mettall, whcreof there is greater vfe and moze. abundance then in Peru, and they buy the ofthe'ha 
1 fame for curquefes in the pꝛouince of the Pintados, where there are ſapd to be mines of great & 
aud luer in bundance. Ol other kingdomes J could not obtaine fo particular inſtruction. Diners times 
the Daa. of J was tempted to goe thither, betauſe J knewe J could but hazard my life, and that J hu olf 
red vnto God the ſitſt day that A began my iournep: in the ende J began to bee afraid, confine: § 
ring in what danger J ſhould put my ſelfe, and that ik J ſhould vye, the knowledge of this Cour 
trey ſwould be loſt, which in my iudgement is the greateſt and the beſt that hitherto hath been 


pifcoucreds and when A tolde the chieke men, what a goodly citie Ceuola feemed say 
anten 


‘ode Nita, 


Enn — ee ee 
N Dagſuex de Coronads, Traffiques, and Difcoueries, 373 


o reicbewep eu anlwereme that it was the lealtof th i 
f N 0 5 e ſeuen cities, and that 1 ˖ 
een, bag pennen dame pel, . Kühen, Haden seman 
ſee ion nation of the place, I thou * Maung mor 

nig dl reyno de fan Franciſeo: in which place Amas 1 een Aisa be e 
ces son alone diane and on che toppe thereot 3 fee vp a frail flender crolle becaule 4 wanted wee othe St 
u. Chete uam bee ee that crolle and heape inthe name of the mot Nana kot 

dt Don Antonio de Mendoęa Uiceroy and Coptai I 030 
indian Cape titel wur our Lozo,in takenof polteffion,accopping to an n en Leih dane the Empe- 
ite 1 02 0 F Gtookein thar place ofall the feuencities,eot che ki Fotontese, af 
nd fome of th ech 0 nta. Thus Areturned with much more keare then bictuals, and went ee of Ma- 
7 0 hy bs which I had lekt behind mee, with all the ſpeede that J could make, whom bund che pecple Bercturneey 
ee Ach vayes trauell, and went in their company till I bad palſev th delert 1 e Jouertooke in two 

Land Certain, muchot as befoze: for both men and women made great lam abet den une ane fa dean. 


rd great rumours n 
alles thereof, and af 
m to death, as thy 
uly, 


flaine at Ceuola, and with fede J haltene ttomteseorks se Sa fo2 the people which were 

. ae igo en leagues, mie 1 10055 es 
° care, 

: of I ſaid before, that I had inkozmation, being Kae 77 re hahha plaine, wher⸗ 2 ſecond de⸗ 
j place A bnderſtaode, that this plaine is inhabited for many dapeg i outnep . and in that 

Idurlt not rien tntott,confincring that if hereakter wee ſhoulde inhabite 1 7 the Eeſt, but 
| afthefeumeities, ano the aingdomes vefoze mrentionen, that then 4 ung ber Counttep 
dum: twithout putting mp elke in hazard, and leaueit oe tater, aianrr the 


cus tooke poffeffion 
eof S. Francis, and 
> dangerous a yoy. 


mes which J han to 
ofe my Life as Ste. 
Jat the Giicerop when 
aſtiſe them: butthep 
e power of Ceuol, 
when J return 7 
who wept and lune 
wugh pour and Ste. 
em Chall temalne hn 


had to appeate tm a Nt to this 2 degrees at 
e e ee 
J could not obtaine Wig Paes 
ce the citie of Ceuo- The relation of Francis Vazquez de Coronado, Captai ! 
h onado, Captaine generall of 

ne. At the lat when e people which were ſent in the name ofthe Emo washes O 
chimes with hme ChisereyofCibele newly dtn, aan cot the Emperours maieſtie to the 
Ain Bagh of Cao ea ch aed y 1 » Which he fent to Den Antonio de Mendoca 
pheea faire ci a0 the’ yeete 1540, which departed fiom Crdnac yey Be om the 22, of April in 
18 in ng found inthe Countrey which he paffed lacan forward, and of ſuch things as hee 
tte roofes, as men alt gee 0 
The people ntlume⸗ ; Cha 1 
. F vancli Vazquex, departeth with his 1910 from Culiacan, and aft di re ‘ 7 
o vle them in den of ö 1790 Non a 1 the valley 10 the 17 called Los ene eee 

sth den ot Maiz: for obtaining whereof hee ſ: 4 ; Ny 
i Ae ie 1 rai is informed of the cee ofthe pale geh ay: 15 e a 
ny 111155 the nature ofthoſe people, and of certaine Iflands lying eng ker coat? wi 
) 
ction, Divers tines 
e, and that J han olle 
o bee afraid, coniibe 
vledge of poets 
t hitherto hath been me tient to perfoꝛme this not be fufe 
N i enterpꝛiſe, 
eemed e Hmm beto the great lolſeof our people. N berbd rh — 


{core 


374 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Dax quex de Coronado, 


— — — 
This was but (coze dapes in trauailing to Culiacan, in all which time J and thole Gentlemen my con panicns 
200. ene. Which were hozlemen, carried on our back and on dur holes, a little victuall, lothar from tence, 
forward wee cartied none other needekull apparell wich vs, that was aboue a pound weiaht: my 
all this notwithſtanding, and though wee put our Clues to ſuch a ſmall pꝛopoꝛztion ot victuals 
which wee carried, foz all the order that poſlibly wee could take, wee were dziuen to cut ibifis, 
Aud no maruaple, be caule the way is rough and long: and with the carriage of cur Warque 
bules downe the mountaines and hilies, and in che pallage of Rivers, the greater part of aur 
come was ſpopled. Anv becaufe J fend pour Lozdſhip our voyage dzawen ina Mepoe, J wi 
ſpeabe nomozethereok in this my letter. | 
Thirtie leagues before wee arriued at the place which the father pꝛouinciall tolde vs fo wey 
ok in his relation, A {ent Melchior Diaz before with fifteene hoꝛſes, giuing him oꝛt er to make 
but one daye s idurney or two, vecaufehee might eramine all things, againſt mine arriuall: wh 
trauailed kcure dayes tourney though exteeding rough Mountaines where hee found neither 
victuels, no; peopierrtog infogmatton of any things, Cautng that hee found two oz theee poore line 
Villages, containing 20,03 30, cottages a piece, and by the inhabitants thereof hee vnderſioode 
that krom thence fo ward there were nothing but erteeding rougb mountaines which ran yep 
farre,vtterly dilinhabited and voyd of people. And becaule it was labour lot, A would not wie 
vnto pour Loꝛdſhipthereof. i i 
It grieued ihe whole company, that a thing fo highly commender, and whereok the father 
had made fo great bꝛagges, ſhould be found fo contrarp: and it made them ſuſpect that all the nil 
would fall cut in like fort, Tcihichwyen J perteiueo J fought to enccurage them the bel J 
coulde telling them that pour Loꝛdſhippe alwapes was okopinion, chat this voyage was a thing 
caſt away, and that wee ſhould fixe our togitation vpon thofe ſeuen Cities, and other prouinces, 
whertok wee had knowledge: that there Would bee the ende ok aur enterpziſe: and with this 
relolution and purpole wee all marched checrefullp though a verp badde wap which was not 
pallable but one by one, oz elfe wee mutt force aut with Bioners the path which wer foune, 
wherewith the Soulviours were not a little offended finding all that the Frier had ſapde to bie 
quite contrary: foz among other things which the father ſapde and affirmed, this was one, ihn 
the wap was plaine and good, and that there was but one ſmall hill of halfe a league in lenge, 
And yet in trueth there are mountaines which althougbthe wap were well mended coulo not bee 
paſled without great danger of breaking the hozles neckes: and the wap was (uch, that of te 
cattell which pour Lopothip {ent vs forthe pꝛouiſion of our armie wee Lott a great part in then 
age thꝛough the roughnelſe of the rockes. The lambes and ſbeepe loſt their hoofes in the wa: 
he rer ot and okthole which A brought from Culiacan, J left the greater part at the Niuer of Lachim, 
Lachimi, 


Frier Marcus 
ol Niza, 


paſt foure and twentie lambes. and foure theepe,foz all the reſt were dead with trauailing chou 
that tough pallage, although they trauailed but two leagues a Dap, and reſted thenſlutz e. 
uerp da 8 120 
alley ol At length arriued at the valley of the people called Caracones, the 26. dap of the ms 
leb Cause. nethof pap sand from Culiacan watill 2 came thither, J could not helpe my ſelle, faue auh 
ed Catacones. 8 f 2 i hea 
with agreat quantitie ołbꝛead of Mai: to ſeeing the N aiʒ in the fielves were not pet ripe, J 
was conſtrained to leaue them all behind me. In this valley of the Caracones wee found move 
ftoze of pecple then in any other part of the Countrep which wee bad paſſed, and great Mopesittt 
Valle del Senner. lage. But J vnderudod that there was Roze thereok in another valley called The Lords valley, 
which A woulde not diſturbe with force, but ſent thither Melchior Diaz with wares of exchange 
to procure ſome, and to giue the lapde Matz to the Judians our kriendes which wee bought 
with bs, and to ſome others that had loft their cattell in the wap, end were not able to cute 
their victuals ſo farre which they brought from Culiacan, It pleaſev God that wee gate fone 
finail quantitie of Paiz with chistratique,whercby certaine Indians were releiued aud ome 
Spanpards. la ; 
an by that time that wee were come to this valley of the Caracones, ſome tenne ij twelut 
of our holes were dead through wearineſle: for being overcharged with great buroins, and 
hauing but little meate,thep could not endure the trauaile. Likewile ſome of our Negios and 


The valley de Come ot our Indians dyed here; which was no ſmall want vnto vs for the prrlozmance of dur ff 


lo Ce cone  gnegrpptte, They tolde me that this valley of the Coracones is fiue dayes iourney from the 
binant Gue  caefterne Dea. Ilene forthe Indians ok the Scacoat to vnderſtanv their eltate⸗ and whitey 


lerne (ea, 


from the Wes ſtyed ko; them the holes relled s and A aped there foure dayez in which ſpate the an 5 


becaule they could not keepe company with vs, and bet aule they might came ſoktlp after vs ure 
men on horlebacke remained with them which are nowe come vnto ve, and haue brought 


Dax g 
the Den co 
Ses, there 
badly furni 
Ohippe pal 
of thole that 


They con 
intoa 
which 
withel 
relieuc 


I Oeparted 
D Lanvinverp 
chilticale J fo 


4 miſfontune, Ah 
teſpett their lor 
Areſted my 
ger in reſpect t 
had no lealure t. 
ecue, and to reft 
mountaines and 
great lip moletter 
lage: and ſome o 
was Spinoſa; ar 

From his place 
pez de Cardenas 
bee did like himfe! 
well J wote he f. 
pay, at leaſt thirti 
But after we 
Hat of Caſtile, ant 
derte trees, but t 
t chiefly nere t. 
pat isto lap, the r 
batdfoure India 
hudelert place to 
mould come aut to 


' 
' 


lee, dl 


b 
te Coronado, 


en my con parions 
fo that from tence: 
pound wetoht: and 
opoztion ot victuals 
duuen to cut ihifts, 
ige ok cur Parqut⸗ 
greater part of oy 
tia Mepoe, Jul 


all tolde vs ſo wey 
him oꝛt er to maße 
mine arriuall: wig 
e hee found neitht 
oz thzee poore linie 
cof hee vnderllogde 
ies which ran y 

t, J would not wie 


whereok che father 
(pect that all the reg 
ge them the bet 3 
voyage was a thing 
nd other province, 
zile: and with is 
way which bes not 
which wee founre, 
ier had Lapdeto bie 
his was one, thit 
a league in length. 
ended could not bie 
vas (uch, that of ie 
xreat part in the voy 
‘hoofes in the way: 
River of Lachim, 


ſoktly after vo ure 
haue bꝛoughtbent 


h trauailing though 
relled themſelur cc 


e 26. dap ol the tits 
my ſelle, ſaue unh 
vere not pet rips, J 
nes mee Found mye 
and great Mopesttit 
d The Lords valky, 
b wares of exchange 
which wee brought 
ere not able i 10 
that wer gate 

e releiued aum (ome 


ne terme on twelut 
great burdens, and 
of our e * 
ozmance 
1 from the 
ir eſtate, and while J 


dünne of, 
ſpate the Jud ie 


Uazquex de ( oronado, Traffiques,and Difcoueries, 


U 
‘ 
4 
1 


375 


Are the 
Of California, 


of hole that went to dilcouer the Countrep, o elle a 


(htp ſerne on 


the fea coaſt. 


beyond 
» they fight 
cir eitie they 


aulte 


relieued themſelues of their pinching hunger, 


je Chichilticale ten 
dapes tournep 
from the ſea. 
enethe fame, et 
e ſam that wee fou 
pour Lozbſhip. 


e ſap, that if at an 


God knoweth Chie chichitet. 
is fallen vnto Darm be 


icale, andto haue done well I houto haue Raped lon⸗ 

b2eD : but becaule od victuals, wee 
ey on Saint Ioh 
mountainen and Lande pallag 


greatip moleſted therewith: 


foye: and ſome of my India 


vas Spinola; and fo Ne groes, which open with 


tom this place I fene before 
pez de Cardenas with fifteene hort 


and graſſe like ens 
rees and Mul- frurtfuttcouns 
found, 
and there was trep found 


4 trees, but t 


l neere the 


aner, 


lcome, pall the people 


de gaue them a 
and they ſhould ra⸗ 
inthe name of his maieſtie to defend 


turned to aduertiſe mee, that certaine Indians were 
that two ol them ſcaxed for my comming with the mas 
to them and gaue them beaves and certaine Hot clokes, 


willing 


et 


— ——— 


— — 


— 


n — — 
376 The Englifh Voyages, &c. Va que de Coronado, 


ff. a 
willing then to returne unto their citie. and bid them tu ſtap quiet in their houſes, and keare no. 
n wie loge ⸗ thing. And this done J Cent the matter ok the field to Search whether there were any bad patlage 
cal. which the Judians might keepe agaunſt vs. and that hee ſhould tale and de fend it vnt ill the nert 
dap that J choulde come thither. Do hee went, and koumd in the wap a verp bad pallage, where 
wee might haue futapned very great halme: wherefore there hee ſeated himſclke with his 
company that were with him: and that verp night the Indians came to take that paſlage tp 
Ehe trꝛaſon or de kend it, ond finding it taken, they allaulted dur men there, and as they tell mee, they allaulig 
abe Andiang. them like valiant men; alehougb in the ende they retired and fledde away; koz the mater of tig 
ficloe was watchful, aud was in onder with his companp: the Indians in token ok retreat fou, 
Great folttäſt ded on a certaine mall trumpet, and did no hurt among the Spanpards. The verp came nig 
and durgence the maſter of the fi:toe certifies mee hereof, TUhereupon the next dap in the be oꝛder that 
ofthe Camper could J departed in lo great want ok victuall, that J thought that ik wee Mouths Lay one nap 
N longer without koode, wee ſhculd allpcrith fo) bunger, eſptcially the zudtaus, foz amor g vs al 
we had not two buſhels of ceine: wherefore it behodued mee to pricke forward without delay 
The Indians here and their made fires, and were anfwered againe afarce off as opBerly ‘ 
wee foz our lines could haue done, to giue their fellowes vnverſlaͤnbing, how wee marches am 
where we arr ued. 
They armeat Aſſoone as I tame within fight ok this citie ol Granada, I ſent Don Garcias Lopez Campi. 
tyecteotol mater, krier Daniel, and krier Luys, aud Fernando Vermizzo ſomtwhat before with cectaing 
hoꝛeſemen to ſecke the Indians and to aduer tile them that our comming was not to hurt then, 
but to defeud them in the name ofthe Emperour our Lor, according as his maleſkie had gun 


vs in charge: which mellage was deliuered to the inhabitants of that countrey by an imerpztn. 


Phe ede But they like arrogant prople made (matl account thereok; bet aule we ſremed very lewinther 
pig ot Cole. epes, and that they might dellroy vs without anp difficultie: and they ſtrocke frier Luys with a 
arrow on the gowne, which by the grace of God did him no harme. 

Tuthe meane ſpace J arriued wich all the rect ofthe hozlemen, and kootemen, and koma te 

fieldes a great Coxt ol the Indians which beganne to choote at vs wich their arrowes: mn bee 

Commander cauſe A would obey pour will and the Comnraund of the Parques: J woulde not let mp prope 

niente9Ule charge them fopbioning my company which intreatcn mer that they might let vpon them ta ay 

be Sauages. wile to pꝛouoke them laying that that whichthe enemies did was not bing, and that it uu m 
meete to let vpon lo kewe people. On the other fine the Indians perteiuing that wee ling 
not, tooke great ſtomacke and courage vnto them: mſomuth that they came bard to our hol 
heeles ta ſhoote at vs with their arrowes. Wihereupon le eing that it was now time to fey w 
longer, and that the kriers allo were ok the lame opinion, J fet vpon them without any danger 
for Cundenlythep fled part to the citie which was neere and well fortified, and other into the held, 
which way they could (hife: and ſome of the Indians were llaine, and moze had beene tf J hond 
haue fulfered them to haue bene purſued. 

But conſidering that hereof wee night reape but ſmall profite, becaule the Indin iht 
woe were without, were kewe, and thofe which were retired into the citie, with them which lan 
Cerewere within at the feet were many, where the victuals were whereof wee had ſo great neede, 14, 
tuithtn the ſembled my people, and deuided them as J thought Lett to allault the citie, and J compi 
Com, iu. it about: and vecaule the famine which wee ſuſtained ſuffered no delap, mp felfe with certaine 
bene p.513. of theſe gentlemen and ſouldiers put our (clues on foote, and commaunded that the cli 

Lowes and harquebuſiers Moule giue the allault, and ſhoulde beate the enemies from the 
walles chat they might not hurt vs, and A allaulted the walles on one ſide, where they ide me 

there was a (caling lavder fet vp. and that there was one gate: but the croflebowmen luden ⸗ 

Iphrake the rings of their bowes, and the harquebuſicrs did nothing at all: fog they came thie 

ther ſo weake and keeble, that ſcarcely chep toulde ſtand on their fete: and by this meanes the 

people that were aloft on the wals to Defendebe towne were no way hindered from doing 06 al 

the mifchiefe they could: fo that twile they droke mee to the ground with infinite nemibe of 

They dekend great ſtones, which they caſt downe: and ik J had not beene pefended with an excellent good 
Wonen 11 headpiece which J ware, J thinke it had gone hardly with mee: neuertheleſſe my tumpant 
thote of Hoche. Cooke mee vp with wo ſmall wounds in the face, and an arrowe ticking in my focte, and mam 
laga. plowes with ſtones on my armes and leggeg and thus Twent out ok the battell very weilt, 
Ithinke that ik Don Garcias Lopez de Cardenas the ſetond time that they ſtrooke mee ty 

the ground bad not luccoured mee withliriding ouer mee like a good knight, J had bene tf 
farre greater danger then J was. But it pleaſed God that the Indians pcelded themen 

vnto bs, and that this citie was taken + and {uch Goze of Paz was found therein, on 
neceſllal 


Be Niico, She 
Mexico: fop kom 
putonccthere fel 


— 


e Coronada, afquex de ( vrunodb. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 7 


377 
es, and keute u- mecelliderequiren, Che qpatter of the fete, and Don Pedro de Touar 
e anp bad pillage rado/nd Paul de Melgofe Capcaines of the footrme efcapen with ce , 
dit vntill the nee thoaßh none of them tere wounded twith 
AD paſlage, where 
1 With his — 
ke that paſlage v therefnne 
nee, thep alla fe 0} putmp leite werder 5 * moe wounded 
he matter ole Ie np Couldiers cavricy themfetues ag 
nok retreate foun, . 

e very lame night 

helt oder thar y 

ſhould Say one nap 

„ko; among vs «iI 11 

aud without deln, Cha 

e off as O2B¢rlp : i wee 

wee march any RE Of thefituation and {tate of the ſeuen citles called the 
cuftomes and qualities of thofe people, 


—— Fernando de Alua- 


Kingdome of Cabola, o. 
and of the beats which are found os 5 


ſeuen cities, 
not to hun chen, Bie cities, ann of e —_ 
| 1 the dun 7 1 5 = 
pbpan interpret fone: fp althoug contrary, 
ned very fe inthe wequeles Ime, nop blicken, pet are they very excellent dpkg 
es ee wpercn are ooo lodgings a ie beter ii aera tren fg 
ent, and fonte oy uin good and paucd, hich are made for winter, fi latte 
r artowes + mb be. fe portable taken atvap um aue fop their houlen are all in a mes 
e not let my prople with their 
ct vpontbem um e mate all mane wich chefe kinde of houtes 
amd that it wes n , beaguen together, and they are all called che kingdome of Cibo! 
ting that wee tiny cheir partitular name: aud none of chem is called Cibola, but 
e hard to on dun J Ano this towne which Arall a citie, J haus named Granada, 
rot time to lw vnco it, as allo in remembpance of anten. n thist 
without any dangers fe J eh pty er compatten 
wWother intothe fl, the 
ad beene ik J bouts 


U 
ak 
ue the Fndians thet 


h them which lan 

o great neede, J. 

ie, and J computa 

p ſelke with cortamne 

unded that dl 

ie chere was foun i their bouts 
une bep ware chee rea their beana ike tote of Mex 
l: foz they came thi 

d by this meanes the 

red krem voing Ws al 

th infinite number of 

ith an excellent good 

ctheleſſe ny compante 

n mp focte, and man 

e battell very weakt, 


cias Lopez Cane. 
fore With tenen 


t they Urooke mee u ench fo their 

12 had been teac. The 

18 peeled then aalen: fo N 

und therein, as dt ſemttime 
nece tii 


a 


— 


Gomara hilt. 
25 at}. 
ith ihat ide 
tolde 10 bp 
reaſon of (he 
High mourns 
canes, 


Excellent 
graſle. 


Verp good 
faite. 
The WMeſterne 
fea wuhm 
150. leagues 
from Cibola. 
Beares, Cte 
ers, lions, 
oke ſpicks. 


ane ther» forte of beaſts, as Beares, 
Ban 1045 hoyle, with very great homes 
| 
Stag the vaw 
Taeter regt tunen n 
neproward pour lonpſhip beſtowed byon me, 
the dba ice. tourney wnto certatne planes Iping toward the N 
Adder aun. fhinnes well dꝛeſled, and they drelle them and pain 
wie et fap themſelues. 7 


Chesser: it: 


Ofthe ſtate and qualities of the kingdomes of Totonteac, Marata, and Acus, quite con 
trary to the relation of Frier. Maren. The conference which they haue with the Indi. 
ans of the citie of Granada which they had taken, which had fiftie yeres paſt forefeene 
the comming of the Chriftians intotheir eountrey. The relation which they hiveof 
other feuen cities, whereof Tucano is the principall, and how he fent to difcouertheim, 
A prefent of diuers thingshad in theſe countreys ſent vnto the Viceroy Maui bj 
Vafques de Coronado, N a 


We kingdome of T 
there were ſuch wonderfull things 


‘Ta 

eth becauſe 
isa lane, and 
endeth in ac to 
aue fone affi 


tion, neither 
chall be ſo. 


tants of theſe! 


And they tell 


chele, though 


mong them m 


E> they lay is call 


they doe not tel 
teturne home. 

uar wich his co 
would not haue 


Thun eau cuelue ſmall 


„ tei 5. 
(oro nado, 
Couey + and icy 
adhion of their hen Iubians of theſe peop 
1 oa ea eden bis Ma. Curquees 
c mountaimous: dl. * Mees, 
he cauſe wbercotig FE his purpoſe of mp Manie. 

wood, berauſe thy 
arg. There is mol 
ede them in patture, 
jozſes came hither ſa 


als, hereof thy 
7 big 
and Contes. Thy goods, 
. They haue then f 112 
Dian woman ol uss * 
cellent ſalte mh ; After this an 
haue no knoluledgt * many pieces. 
tell pour lodſſ ph mee aud her lapd that within cree 
Ueftene Sea: ang uld come and vifite mee, and giue oy 
the jopeherne n GLibich they vin : kan they houghe mee certaine 
re. Were aremay fo come downe from cheir holdes, and to return 
beep as biggeasy and to become Chyittians , and that they would ar⸗ 
gge, that it ts atv, ting anv foe. And cuen to this prefent thep 
ile J haue feene, ap chüdzen, and all they haue. J 
re, Dunces, andy Me loth of al they knowe in Two tabte 
hen that beat wih Te e two clothes, pared bp the 
cp traueſſ eight ye y and th 

art 5 a 

rer there name yeerts patt it was 


en eus ſhoulv come, and from that part chat wee 


countrep, 
That which cheſe Indians worthip ag favre as hitherto w 


> fap it cauſeth their come to owe, and m 
nd Aews, quite con ſon, but chat — ba ſo. f 45 it * 
y haue with the lad. tant of theſe tounes, whecher they 
e yeres pattforcleem f And they tell mee of ſeuen cities which are karre diſtant fr 


1 which they beo thefe, though they haue not houtes like vnto thele, but 
ent to diſcouertden. . mong them much cotton is gathered. The chiele o ch, and ſmall: and that 
hiceroy Medxaby I they lap igcallen Tucano gach th ted ab chele townes wherco 
they doe not tell me the 
fall, which lade hn 


d that they made dai 
3 and chat there were 
rata ig not to be fou, 
s is one onely (mall a: 
ga towne, Fan Acus 
geſſe that thy bod 
1of Acus is countrted, 


dartuer which Thane of that which J haue feen 

od Than bern uva haue knowledge of all things. anp rather to ſi 

g Aunote put to (erue bis matettte, if map fino any thing wherein 

pas of the bad. Petthi of out lornfhip end mee oꝛder what 

9 a : armee n. 

ppe, then J haue dont ; uger no; ole, wine, {i 

anions carrying Out nl Pank fo allis pent op bp the wap, 2 = 
and manp dapts goin en vb vee Aud if pour honour mene to fend dg 
a which J ceafeto me e incomming onto vs: fo: oe 
ans pour Loge hip het f:. ppe with this d 


is ſo long and rough, 
Ch ee ac all antes, uh athe peopl 


Jarment 


380 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Ua/ques de ( or onado, 
—— —— ͤw¾9ü———ůĩö3ßÄ8ßX§—„„j ..-—-?ꝑ-E᷑k?Lͤ8ññ—ñ—ꝝ———.. 55 
n ger nent Farment allo, which ſeemeth vnto me to bee well made: J kept the fame, becaule it let mid io mee 
rromencip tin» to bee excellent well wrought, betauſe J beleene that no man euer fate any needle won ke in thele 
pen seals Indies, txtept it were fince the Spaniards inhabited the lame. Flend pour Lop dippe allo wo 
Wolle. clothes painted wich the beatts of this countrep , although as J haue layde, the picture bet ver 
rudely done, becaule the painter ſpent but one day in Drawing of the lame. J haue ſecne other 
pictures on the walles of the houfes of this titie with fare better propoptton, and better mare, 9 
un orchde. (end pour honour one Oxe · hide, certaine Tur queſes, and two carerings ol the fame, and fitterrg 
a.. rombes of the Indians, and certain tablets fet with theſe Curquefes, and two fall balliete many 
of wicker, whereof the Indians haue great toe, J fend pour arn ba two rolles which thy 
en iu thele parts are woont to weare on their heads when they fetch water from their wells, 
wee vit to bor i Spaine, And one of thele Indian women with one of theſe rolle on her heap, 
quell carte a pitcher of H without touching the fame with her bande vp a lather. J fend poucl 
lo ter of the weapons where tuch theſe people are woont to fight, a buckler, a mace, abo, 
and covtaine arrotwes , among which are two with points of bones, the like whereof, ag thei, 
conquerours fay, haue neuer beencfrene, J canfap nothing vnto pour lorofhippe couchiig he 
apparell oftheir women, Foz the Indians keepe them fo carefully from vs, that hitherto J hm 
not feene any of (hem, fauing onely two olde women, and theſe had two long robes Downe to yy 
foote open before , ann girded te chem, and they are buttoned wich certame copdons of cottm, 
Frequetten the Indians to giue me one of thele robes, which they ware, to fend pour honour ty Fe 
the fame, Cceing they would not we mee their women. And thep boughe mee two mang He 
which avce thele, which J {end pou as it were painted: they haue two pendents like thewomn fi 
Thedentdor ol Spaine, which hang ſomewhat ouce tber thouloers. Che death of the JAcgrois mott certain 
Acgro for here are many of che things found which hee carried with hum: And che Indians tell me ty 
they killed bim here, becaule the Judiang of Chichilticale tulde them that hee was a wickep bl. 
laine, and not like unto the Chniſtians: becauſe the Chritians kill no women + and hee hilo yo: 
men; and alſo he touched their women, which the Indians loue moe chen chemfelucs ; therefore 
they determined to kill hum: But they did it not after ſuch (oreas was reported, fo they \ilen 
none of the reſt of thole that came with him: neither / ſlewe they the poung lad which vy u 
him ok the pꝛouince ol Petatlan, but they tooke him and kept him in fate cuſtodie until nowy, 
And when J fought to haue him, they exculed chemlelues two oz thee dayes to giue him nt, 
telling mee that bee was dead, and ſomctunes that the Indians of Acucu had tarritd himaun 
Vut in tontluſion, when J tolde them that I ſhould bee very angry ik they did not giur hin ine, 
they gaue him vnto me. Pee is an interpreter, for though hee cannot well ſpeake their language 
pet hee vnderſtandeth the fame verp well. In this place there is found fome quantitie of gol 
Gor andy and liluer, which thole which are cküͤlfull in minerall matters eftecme tobe very good, Tolle 
Cibola, houre J could neuer learne of theſe people from whence they haue it: And F (ce they vefuletoeed 
mee the trueth in all things, imagining, as J haue layde, hat in ſhoꝛt time J would depari hence, 
but ¶ hope in God they ſhall no longer excule themſelues. J belcech pour lo dſhip ig ceruchis 
Paitettic of the ſucceſle of this voyage. Foz ſecing wee haue no moꝛe then that whichis nut 
fapd, and vntill ſuch time as it pleale God that wee finde that which wee deſire, J meant nn 
wiite my ſclkle. Dur Loꝛde God keepe and preferue pour Extellencie. 
From the Pꝛoumce of Cibola, and from this citie ol Granada the third of Augul 1%, 
Francis Vaſques de Coronado kiſſeth the hands of pour Excellencie. Fuer lohn 
Francis, and re 
The reſt of this voyage to Acuco, Tiguex, Cicuie, and Owinira, and vnto theWelte de Campo a} 
erne Ocean, is thus written in the generall hiſtorie of the Welt Indies by Francis Lo. bith pꝛoulſion. 
pexde Gomara, (bap. 21 40 Che people of 
Mechuacan, a 


{ 
| 


— 


—. — pp — 


Acuco. 
The Welklerne 
fra diſcouered. 


newes did greatly rciopce and checre bp the armie: although ome hove hrit to hee elle, annie 
report of the Friers. They determined to goe thither, with intention to winter in lo rich a con 
U 


* 
Coronado, 
— = 
uſe it ſet mid to mee 
ecdle Worke in thee 
Londchippe allo o 
the picture bee yer 

J haue ſecne other 
and better mare, 7 
ye ſame, and fitter 
mall baſheta made 
wo rolles which thy 
n from their well 
e rolleg on her hei 
ther. J fend poua, 
ler, a mace, abowe, 
ze whereok, ag the 
hippe touching the 
that hitherto 7 hun 
robes downe uche 
ie tozdons of cotton, 
end pour honour the 
ht mee two mantles 
ents like the wom 
gro is MOM certaine; 
Indians tell me tha 
ee was a wicht vll 
r and hee kill po 
emſelues; therefnne 
ogted, for they \illn 
lad which 199 a 
cuſtodie vntil nowe 
pes to giue hun mer, 
ad carricd him ata 
did not giuc himmt, 
geake their language, 
me quantitie of going 

bery good. Torhis 
| fee they relut tore 
would depart hence, 
Torbthip io cevitichis 

n that which is ae. 

five , J mant null 


ird OF Augult 1540, 


and vnto the Weſt. 
Indies by Francis lu. 


o with empiie hot, 
bee better end better, 
thence Don Garcias 
and Francis Vofques 


inte r in ſo rich a com 


ö accompc, is almaſt three hunmen Cid force 
lleagus diſtant, mighty plames, and ſandi fe 8 b ur 
122 anesthe nen ub re ag dre dar fs 


wean from his cépante on hunting. All 


ö Ahetved our men bp ſignes that they had faplen chirtie dayen. 


1 3 e hewtans pelos of godde in the enterpꝛiſe, and oughta great part hereof 


Vafquex de ( oronado. Traftiques and Diſcoueries. 


— 
e aap . ame do one" 
— * — poe pe eae 22 —— infeare, In rede ts i 
towne And in another towne which they allaulted, they killed certaine Mpantard 

fiftte hoꝛſex, and che inhabitants dꝛewe inte their totune Francis de Quando hauf pea ere ton 


cm peraduencure to fer fectly, alaulitd 
the ® were: for there was not baum thece an Gigue of ine me of men 


Sus 


the towne, Deuen ings. 
many beafes : where. 


by aman map fee of what force refolution is in neccilleic. Many Judians 
with — cine, 33 ‘hemfelues, vue our men fee 
this countrep there are melons, and white aud rede Cotton, whertot they make fi 
posing — od 9 — — they went i on 32 = Bul 
Cicuie, isa le, and toute leagues from chence they mel wi . xs demon T 
entwild and terer, whereol the frit day they killen N | ee tat oa arge 

| 


lieh. From Cieuie they went to Quluita, which after cher which Sutfieen the arne with s a 


ore. ding for want of ttones and crees, ta) 3 
thenlelues nt chete returne: fop chpee hohes were lott on that 223 beh 


Cattell, marken to 
They were a great ſuccour for the hunger and want of bread which our ttoone 1 know the w 
Dap it rayned in chat plaine a great bonne of halle, as bigge ag Drenges whut — 5 


fought, anboarie heaven man, naked, and with a ietoell of capper banging at un. 


Tiguex , any {010 Mexico 
fo) gricte, and dre Spam- 
becautt bee pes. pres hous 


Quivira in mie negroes: itis a temperate coxatrey ae bath very good waters, any tract mo 1 
N 


beben mum dennen, ano they thous them to bee of Cathaya, ab Chins, ben cher hehe 


they 
Fler lohn de Padilla Papen behinde in Tigues, another of 


bis 

Francis, and returned to Quiuira, with fome dozen Indians of Mech and with 

de Campo a ogtugall p> pre ol Francis de Solis: Hee tooke wich bom Boyes ann vonion 
bith mouifion. tee tooke theepe and hennes of Caftile, and Omaments tof 


ce ft ap Walle withall. 
Che people of Quiuira flewe the Fners, and the all eſcaped wi udians 

Mechuacan, @tho albeit at chat time he efcayen ity . 
mute: Fop by and by after they caught hem agraine, But ten manechs alter be was taken taptiue 


dg nee othogs. Arber trauailen, be betta the people wich a cike, where. 


into they afferen much, and whereſoeuer hes came, they gaue him almen, longing, and foone, 
pind 0 08 1 and arriuid at Panuco. Ilhen he came to Meni. an 3 
0, e bis halre very long , and his bead tyed vp in a lace, ard b — 

lands, riuers and mountaines that Sebab pat, " un tat ee 


Jegrieued Don Afitoniode Mendoca very much that che army returned home : fem hee han 


fought to haue dwelt there; but Francis Vafquez de Coronado, which 


was rich and inpeiie Spa. 
marries to afaive wife, would not content, tapings, that they could not Matntaine no) defend Mares pea: 
lis themſclues Cibola 


| 


382 TheEnglifh Voyages, &c. Us/ques de ( oronadb. ' W 


themſelues in ſo pode a countrey, and fo fare from ſuccour. They trauailed aboue nine hum 
leagues in this countrey. nen 


The foteſayd Francis Lopexide Gomarain his generall hiftorie of the Weft Zedies, Chap, 4 de I 
215. writeth in maner following of certaine great and ſtrange beaſts neuer ſeene no- fu: 
heard ot in ourknowen world of eAfia , Enrope, and Africa: whichfomewhatre 


ſembling our oxen, hauing high buncheson their bac kes like thofe on the backes 
of 5 are therefore. Sila by him Dacas corcobadas, that is to fay, Crooke. 
backed oxen being very deformed & terrible in fhewe, and fierce by nature: which 
not withſtanding for foode, apparell, and other neceſſarie vſes, are moſt feruiceable 
and beneficiall to the inhabitants of thoſe countreys. He repotteth alſo in the fame 
chapter of cettaine ſtrange fheepe as bigge as horſes, and of dogs which vie tocuie 
burthens of 30. pound weight pound weight vpon their backes. 


Uthe way betwerne Cicuie and Quiuira is a moſt plaine ſople, without trees and ftoney, 
Ais bath but kewe aud ſmall towneg. The men clothe and thooe themſelues with lethet; am 
5 the women which are eſtaemer fop their lung locke g, couer thew heads and ſecrets with the lane. 

2 the They haue no bead of aup kinde of graine, as they ſay: which J account a very gteat matter, 

5 at Their chieteſt fooneis fleth; anv that oftentimes they eate rawe, either of cuftome 02 fo, lackeot 
Bikerbougse Mood. They ente the latte as they cake it out of the Dre, anv npinke the blood hotte, and dient 
into Englond therewithall, chough the antient writers lay chat it killeth, as Empedocles and others affirm, fr . : 
they mpinke it alfo colde dillolued in water. They ſeeth not the fleſh for lacke of pots, but toi, teniendo noti 
on to ſay mine pꝛoperlp, warme it at a fire ol Pxe· dung: when they cate, chey chawe theu mmm x, que moral 
but little, and rauen vp much, and holding the flelb with their teeth they cut it wich vafons oftime, TR fe comunicau 
which ſeemeth to be great beſtialitie: but ſuch is their maner of liuing and faſhion. They poeta: te (caminand 
gether in companies, and mooue from one place to another, as the wilde Moozes of Barbuie ca: . nueftros Eſpat 
ed Alarbes doe, following the ſraſons, aud the palture alter their Oren, a cencia al Conc 
ede een Thele Oxen are ot che bigneſle aud colour of dur Bulles, but their homes are noc fo gu. aprocurar apr 
ö elde. They haue a great bunch vpon their fore thoulvers, and moe haire on their fore part chen on thy ¢adalalicenti 
“°° inner parts and it is lke woolt, They haue as it were an hoꝛſe· mane vpon their backe bone, pattio con och 

and much batre and very long from the knees downeward. They haue great tuffes ol hairehany. Chriftianoy ze 

ing downe their foreheads and it ſeemeth that they haue beardeg, becaulerof the great toy of que fe lamaus 

haire hanging vowne at thrir chinnes and dnoates, The males haue very long tailes, and a grat Ja jornada)doz 
knobbe op flocke at the end: fo that in lome reſpect they reſemble the Lion, and in ſome other the rales le mataro 

Camell. They puſh with their hones, they runne, they ouertake and kill an hole when cy e el, viendo y 

in their rage aud auger. Finally, it is afoule and fierce heaſt of countenance and forme of br. daron de comũ 

The holes flit de from them. either betauſe of their deſoꝛmed thape , oz ciſe betaule they badnes onde que lager 

uer ſeene them. Their matters haue no other riches nop ſubſtance: ol them they eat, they minke, tanta diftancia « 

they apparel, they thoae themſelucs: and of their hides chey make manp things, as houles, ſhoch, Religioſos que 

appareil and ropes : of their bones they make bodkins sof ther ſinewes and haire, ihꝛeed: of het on para poner et 

hones, mawes and bladders, vellels: of their dung, fire and of their calueg-fhinnes, budgets, que no podian p 

wherein they dawe and kerpe water. To bee ſhont, they make ſo many things of ibem ash ellos en la dichal 

haue neede ol, oz as many as ſuffice them tn the vic of his lile. 


A 


from Meta 
tacognita. 


go, pareciendole 


gh ety ere are allo in this countrepother bealtes as big as hoꝛſeg, which betauſe they bauen con que los natur 
Ses bats. ed epd den expen up nye evry bene n oelgbet i fp rnluego enue 
ightte dogs weight. .! ‘ minas de ſanta Ba 


Mist g uy saa 5. „e, 5 oh 3 

arrping 50. e ate allo great dags wich will light with abull, and will carrie fiftie pound weirhtin 

ound weigie ebe — meisbensive remaoue from place to place with their fc 
and beards. 5 1 505 401 Yah 


ltola quedada d 
mauer los anime 
ma Orden Hamad 
dichos dos Rel 
ka eſta fazon 

erco, llamado J 
itl fetuicio de la r 
ul como entend 
ttloa la jornads. 
oncedida licenciay 
Chosteligiofos.le 
los pueblos qu 


al 
; 


EL 


e Coronado, Neue N exico. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


282 
aboue nine bunny 


| EL VIAIE QVE HIZO ANTONIO” 


de EsP EIO en el anno de ochenta y tres : el qual con 


ſus companneros deſcubrieron vna tierra en que hallaron quinze 
y de cafas de quatro y cinco al- 


Piouincias todas llenas de pueblos, 
hofe on the bac les tos, a quien puſieron por nombre El nueuo Mexico, por 
is to fay, Crool. parecerfe en muchas cofas al viejo. Eſta à la parte 

. Y por po- 


: 10 del Norte, y fe cree que por ella 
by natures which ; ſe puede venir hafta llegar a 


a blado 
a eee i la tierra que llaman del Labrador. 


th alſo in the fame 
Del Nueno Mexico, J de ſu defcubrimiento, 


gut 


Neft Indies, Chap, 
ſts neuer leene not 
nich ſome what ie. 


„* 
e 


. 


s which vſe to cui 


5 0 que de! ſe ſabe. 


ut trees and ſlontt 
ies with lether; an 
vets wich the fay, 

great matter, 
wide 02 fox lacheof 
b hotte, and die not 
nd others attirn, 
‘of pots, but roti, 
p chawe their meay 
with rafors of tone, 
hion. They guet; 
Nes of Barbuiecil 


ies are not ſo great, 
de part then on tyr 
n their backe bon, 
tuffes of hatte hang 
of the great to of 0 
ig tailes, and agren la jornada) en la qual po 
nd in ſome other the rales le mataron al di dre u eros. El qua 
hople when thtyat R 1 eln podria fe i 
and forme of boric, A 1 ; a 
betaule they habn 
ep eat, they diate, re 
8, as houſes, theory, masantesviendo la ocaſi 
aive,threcd : of ther ff a 95 mefa de Dios, viendo 
fkinnes, bunges, fe ve ubrimien 
+ of chem agthip : 


uſethey baue hn 
gheth is fitticpamy 


tie pound iweightin 
Aaah Chetek na Orden llamado 
dichos dos Religio 
, En eſts fazon efta m i ion vn vezino de la ciudad de Aneonta dent 
txi¢o, llamado i j e rico, y de mucho animo y induftria, y zeloſo pejo ona en ie 
ielleruieio de la n pipe nueſſro ſennor, natural de Cordoua, El Havana 1389. 
E L qual como enten elos dichos re igiofos, y la importancis del ne gocio, ſe o · 
4 e de fuhazienda, a tieigat ſu vida,ficndole para ello 
„ na perſona que repreſentaſſe afl maieitad,la qual procurandola los 
a ada por el Capitan luã de Ontineros Alcalde mayor por ſu mageſtad 


man a§ quatro Cienegas, que fon en la gouuernacion de la Nueua NueuaBiecaya, 
i : Vizcaya, 


384. The Engliſn Voyages,Nauigations,.AC ewe Mexico 


Vizcaya, ſetenta leguas delas dichas minas de ſanta Barbora, aſſi para que el pudieſſe yr, co. slcangot 
mo para que luntaſſe la gente y ſoldados pue pudieſſe, para que le cempannnaſſen, y ayuda. [de vidtio 
ſen a conſeguir ſu Chriſtiano intento. a emen 
El dicho Antonio de Eſpejo tomo el negocio con tantas.veras, que en muy pocos dus i as, camin: 
juntò los ſoldados y baſtimentos neceſſirios para hazer la lornada, . en ello buenn 1 chos pueb 
parte de fuhazienda: y partio contodosellos del valle de fant Bartholome alos dier de No- quales aui 
uiembre de mil y quinientos y ochenta y dos Ileuan do para lo que fe ofſtecieſſe ciento y aun. cha les 
ze cauallos, y mulas, y muehas armas,municiones,y baltimentos, y alguna gente de ſerucio. camucasn 
Endereco fu camino hazia el Norte, y a dos jotnadas tepo mucha cantidad de Indios de veltida, y 
Conchor Indios, los que llaman Conchos en Rancherias o poblaciones de caias pagicas. Los e comolo e Dios mir 
ſupieſſen, y tuuieſſen dello relacion muy de atras, los ſalieron a recebit con mueftras de alegria, lige man 
Lacomida deſtos, y delos de la Piouineia, que es grande, es de carne de conejos, liebtes, y ye, | porales, v 


de que ne 


nados que matan, y lo ay dad en giaadiſſima cantidad. Tienen mucho maix, que es eſ ingo jus con el 
de las Indias,calabacas ,y melones, y en abundancia: y ay muchos rios ue crian mucha can- | moles pres 
tidad de pefeado muy bueno, y de diuerſas ſuertes: andancafi todos deſnudos, y las amm fi fpondieton 
que vfan fon arco y fecha, y viuen debaxo de gouierno, y fennorio de Caciques,como log alouncs? di 
Mexicanos, y no les hallaron Idolos, ni pudieron entender que adoraffen à nadie,porloqui dee Vaca, y 
facilmente confintieron en que les pufieffen los Chriftianos cruzes, y quedaron muy conte. do de la arn 
tos eon ellas, deſpues de auer ſido informados de los nueftros dela fignificacion dellas,quefe muchos dia 
hizo porinterpretes que lleuauan, por euyo medio ſupieron de otras poblaciones,paraadonde i chos milage 
los dichos Conches los guiaron, acompannandolos mas de veinte y quatro leguas, que todss E dexaron gra 
eſtauan pobladas de gente de ſu nacion, y los ſalian arecebir de paz, por auifoqueeinbiaun fe gida,encuy 
los Caciques de vnos pucbles a otros. , Asper la ori 
Andadas las veinte y quatro leguas dichas,toparon otra nacion de Indios, Ilamados pa. 4 pocos. 
Paflxguaces ates,los quales viuia al modo que los ya dichos Conchos ſus conutzinos,y hizieronconel- nueua que tu 
W os lo proprio, guiandolos adelante otras quatro jornadas, con los auiſos de los Cacique de dſfferentes c 
dms la manera ya dieha: hallaron los nueſtros en eſte camino muchas minas de plata, al patecetde quetraen de 
dept los que lo entendian, de mucho, y muy rico metal. Vna jornada deftas toparon otra nacion, ¶ brescomom 
Tobeicsindion }amada los Toboſos, los quales en viendo el raſtro de los nueſtros, fe huyeron a las fiers, dleron los nu 
dexando ſus eaſes y pueblos defiertos, Supofe deſpues que algunos innos antes auian acudido I aunque por 
por alli ciertos foldados que yuan en buſea deminas, y auian lleuado cautiuosaciertosnu metal tico, y! 
rales, lo qual tenia temerofos y abiſpados a los demas. El Capltan dio orden como lor ̊ nas que ciuce 
a llamar, aſſegurandolos de que no les ſeria hecho ningun mal, y dioſe tan buena mani qe He y que ellos | 
hizo vonira muchos, aquien regald,y dio dones, acariciandolos, y declarandoles poreliie· He pannandolos 
tete, que no yuan a hazer mal a nadie, con lo bel ſe boluieron todos a ſoſſegat, y confnins HRP cid:a quien it 
les puſieſſen Cruzes, y dec laraſſen el myſterio dellas, moftrando recebir dello gran conenu. la de la paſſad 
miento, en cuya demoftracion los fueron acompannando, como lo auian hecho ſus yevino, mente de pefe 
hafta que los metieron en tierra ee de qtta nacion differente, que diſtauan de la fiyaco- que lo crian ei 
fade doze leguas: vſan arco, y flecha, y andan deſundos. E nocheles hizie 
po comoſe Hat 


Profiguefe del deſcubrimiento del Nueuo Mexico. mucho, y que 


dixo, y ſennalc 
: Anacion hafta donde los dicho Tobofos los guiaron fe llamaua Iumanos, a quen por i 5 muy. 
ee, tro nombre llaman los Efpannoles Patarabueyss: tienen vna Prouincia grand, yde I demachos baftin 
muchos puebloscon mucha gente, y las cafaseran con a goteas, y de calicanto, y lospuee I ſolo lo dexaron 
blos trag ados por buen orden: tienen todos los hombres y mugeres losroftros rayados,y I nad, que era yr 
los bragos, y piernas: es gente corpulenta, y de mas policia, que los que hafta alli auisn En eſta Prou 
viſto, y tenian muchos mantenimienios, y mucha caca de pie y de buelo, y gran cini fis tierras, y m 

Nis ad Nene, de pefcado, a eauſa de tener grandes rios que vienen de hazia el re alguno tan i deprouecho, 
grande como Guadalquiuir, ef qual entra en la propria mar del Norte, Tiene muchas Deſta Prouin 
lagunas de agua falada que fe quaja cierto tiempo del anno, y fe haze muy buena ſil. I dosellos ningun 
BomaGl, Es geme bellicofa, y moftraronlo luego, porque la primera noche que los nueftrosalfen- I ileibo de los c 
taronreal, les flecharon, y mataron cinco cauallos, hiriendo muy mal otros tantos, y vo Rancheria, o pu 
dexaran ninguno a vida, fino por las guardas que los defendieron. Hecho eſte mal recado, IMB de aeros de ven 
defpoblaron el luget,y ſe ſubieron a vn fierra que eſtaua cetca, adonde fue luego ii 1 been Hizieron 
mannana el Capican con otros cinco foldados bien armados con vn interprete llama do Pe: I Jos acompannare 
dro, Indio de fu meſma nacion, y con buenas razones los quieto y dero de paz, hazien- I pre pot el tio de 

dolos baxar a fu pueblo y caſas, y perſuadiendolos a que dieſſen auiſo a ſus 1 ; 
e 


— 


we Mexico, 


el pudieſſe yr, co. 
nnaſſen, y ayudaſ. 


en muy pocos dias 
indo en ello buen 
e a los dier de No- 
ieffe ciento y quin. 
gente de feruicio, 

atidad de Indios de 
os quales como lo 
nueſtras de alepria, 
nejos, lie bres, y ye. 
naix, que es el trizo 
e crian mucha can- 
ſnudos, y las armas 
Caciques, como los 
à nadie, por lo qui 
daron muy conten. 
cacion dellas, queſe 
ciones, para adonde 
o leguas, que todu 
auifo que einbizuan 


os, llamados piſſi. 
58, y hizieronconel- 
de los Caciques de 
plata, al parecet de 
paron otra nacion, 
uyeron a las fierray, 
antes auian acudido 
ntiuos a ciertes nay 
den como lor fen 
an buena mann: que 
andales por elite 
sfegar,y confinies 
dello gran contents. 
hecho ſus yerinos, 
ſtauan de la fuyaco. 


0. 


Imanos, a quien pot 
duincia grande, ) de 
calicanto, y los pues 
los roſtros rayados, y 
que hafta alli auian 
jelo, y gran cantidid 
Norte, y alguno tan 
rte. Tene muchas 
haze muy buena fal, 
ue los nueftros aſſen · 
l otros tantos, y no 
cho eſte mal recado, 
ade fue luego pot l 
erptete Ilamodo Pe: 
dexo de paz, hazien- 
auifo a fus bee 


1 
2 
E 
5 
a 
55 
5 


de Vaca, y Dorantes, y Caftillo Maldonado, 
: ‘ede 94570 con que entro Panfilo de N 
muchos dias eſclauos, vinieron a dar a eſtos pueblos, 


de que no e ran hombtes que hazian mal a nadie, 
alcango facilmence con fu prudencia, y con darle 
devidrio que lleuaua para eſte effeto, y fombreros, 


tratamiento que les hazian, ſe fueron mucho 
as, caminando ſiempte por la ribera del tio 
chos pueblos de Indios deſta nacion, 


chas, y les trayan muchos mantenimientos 
camucas muy bien aderecados, y 


que duraron p 


s dellos 
grande 


a Diosmirando al cielo, y le llaman en fu lengua Apalito, 


larga mano, y miſericordia confieſſan auer re 


orales. Venian muchos dellos, y las mugeres y ninnos, a 


cibido la vida 


ni les yuan a tomar ſus haziendas: 
sa los Caciques algunas ſartas 


385 


que lo 
de quentas 


y ottasninnerias : conefte, yconel buen 
en compannia de los nuefiros algunos di- 
arriba dicho, portoda la 
orefpacio de doze jornadas, en todas las 
ales auifados los vnos Caciques de los otros ſalian arecebir a los nueſtros fj 
x y otros regalos y dadiuas, 

que no les excedian en eſto las de Fla: 
veltida, y hallaron que tenian alguna lumbre de nueſtra ſancta Pee, 


qual hauia mu · Rio grande, 


n areos, ni fle- 

en eſpecial cueros y 1 Tornadas 
ides, Es gente toda 

porque ſennalauan 

y le conocen por ſeunor, de cuya ee 

y el fer natural, y los bienes tem- 


jus eon el dicho Capitan y ſoldados, los ſantiguaſſe, 
mo les preguntaſſe de quien auian entendido aquel co 


ſpondieron, que de tres Chriſtianos, y yn negro, 
algunés’ dias en ſu tierra, que ſegun las fennas 


que dieron, eran Aluar 


que el Religioſo, 


que auian paſſido por 


que diximos que 


y echaſſe la benedicion: el qual eo- 
nocimiento de Dios que tenian: te- 
alli, y detenidoſe 


Nunnes Cabega 


pannandolos por eſpacio de veynte y dos legu 


mente de peſcado que hauiainfinito, 


noche les hizieron muchos bayles a 
pocomofe llamaua efta nacion 


dixo, y fennalo, que 


7 ae de tres 


por falta de interprete, aun 
mucho, y que era muy grande, Entre eſtos hallaron vn In 
quinze iornadas de alli haxia el Poniente 
cerca della muy grandes pueblos, 
demachos baffimentat, 
fololo dexaron de poner en effecto, 


y ſiru 


de algodon barretadas de a 


ſu modo, con particular fignification de alegria: no fe ſu- 


ue entendieron que ſe extendia 
io Concho de nac ion, que les 
hania'una la 
quatro altos, y lagente bien veftida 
el qual fe offrecio de Ieuarlos alla, y holgaran los nueftros dello ) 


pro proſeguir el intentocon que auian comencado la jor- 


todos ellos auian eſcapa- 


atbaez en la Florida, y defpuesde auer fido 

haziendo Diospor medio dellos mu- 
$manos muchos enfermos, por lo qual 
a Prouincia quedo de 


paz, y muy ſoſſe - 
iendo a los nueltros algunos di- 


adonde los ſalieron a recebit por Otra Provincia, 


ofas muy curiofas de pluma de 
zul y blanco, como las 


en algunas piedras de 


aquello en fu tierra: Reſpondierõ pot las meſmas ſen · Métal tieo, 


¢ aquello en muy ꝑran cantidad, 


como lo cumplieron defpues, acom- 
todas pobladas de 
ſeguia por el meſino rio arriba otra d 
lade la paſſada, de quien fueron bien recibidos, y tegalados con muc 

de acaufa de vnas lagunas grandes 
quelo crian en la abundancia dicha. Eſtuuieron entreeltos tres dias, e 


gente de ſu meſma na · 
€ mucha mas gente que 
hos prefentes, ef pecial- 
que cerca de alli hauia, Otra provincia, 


n los quales de dia, y de gunde. 


una muy ancha, J Laguna muy 


„ la tierra incha 


nada, que era yr al Norte a dar focorroa los Religioſos arriba dichos. 


ticas tierras, y mucha cagade pie y buelo, 
deprouech 


En eſta Prouincia lo 


0. 
Deſta Prouincia fueron 


que particularmente notaron. fue, que hauia 
muchos metales ricos, 


pinales de pinnas y pinnones, como los de Caſtilla: 


muy buen templey muy Muchos Metals 
y Otrascofasparticulares,y “™ 


fin topar en to- 


Neue Mexico, Traffiques,and Diſcoueries. 


- 


The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations,\Cewe Mexico, Fi Nene 


Eſtaua toda la tibera del dicho rio llena de grandiſſimas alamedas de alamos blancos, yen poſicion de 
partes tomauan quatro leguas de ancho, y anſi meſmo de muchos nogeles, y parrales cono ros de todo 
los de Caſtilla. Auiendo caminado dos dias por eſtas alamedas,y noguerales, topatõ diez. pu. Llegado 
blos que eſtauã aſſentados en la ribera del dicho rio por ambas partes,fin otros que fe moftra- | 5 que eſtaua « 
uan mas defuiados, en los quales les parecio auia mucha gente, y la que ellos vieron paſſuun llegaſſen ve 
en numero de diez mil animas. En efta Prouincia los regalatõ mucho cõ recebimientos, yco que fe fueſſe 
Calesde qutto lleuatlos a {us pueblos, donde les dauan mucha comida,y gallinas de la tierra,y otras coſas, yo 5 galados. V. 
A do con grau voluntad. Aqui hallaron caſas de quatro aſtos, y bien ediſicadas, y con galano, fe  tidad de gen 


 vezinos, . 

tiraſoles, con 
del de los Indios del reyno de Mexico: y lo que les cauſo mas eſtranneza, ſue ver que tom ee Don 

del None. 
Suelas devac® que haſta alli nunca la auian viſto. Las mugeres trayan el cabello muy peynado, ycompueſa, Salieron d 


y fin coſa fobre la cabeca, En todos eſtos pueblos auia Caciques que los gouernauan c tra Prouinc 
entre los Indios Mexicanos, con Alguaziles para executar {us mandamientos, los quales yay los y mas gra 
por el pueblo, diziendo a vozes la voluntad de los Caciques, y que la pongan por obra, Eo encaladas,y p 
eſta Prouine ia hallaron los nueſiros muchos Idolos que adorauan, y en eſpecial que tenianen ö recioles que | 
cada caſa vn templo para el Demonio, donde le lleuauan de ordinario de comer, y ottaccs, ſtos de muc 
que de la manera que entre los Chriſtianos tenemos en los caminoscruzes;affi tienen ellosy. gente mas cu 
nas como capillas altas, donde dizẽ, deſc anſa, y fe recrea el Demonio, quando va de vn pucblo emo: monſtr. 
2 otro: las quales eſtan muy adornadas y pintadas. En todas las ſementeras, olabrancas.que ton nomcia d 
las tienen muy grandes, tienen a vn lado dellas vn portal con quatro pilares, donde comenis Como vuie 
trabajadores, y paſſan la ſieſta, porque es la gente muy dada als labor, y eſtan de orduio . de lo Amejes 
en ella: es tierra de muchos montes y pinales. Las armas que vſan fon arcos muy ſuenes y fle rreyuta mil an 
chas con las puntas de pedernal con que paſſan vna eota, y macanas, que fon ynospalos de ron de yra v 
media vara de largo, y llanos todos de pedernales agudos, quebaftan a partis pormedio fee Co ſe didit 
Cue de vac · vn hombre, y anſi meimo vnas como adargas de cuero de vaca crudio. 1100 mace i 


Profiguefe del Nuruo Mexico, y de las cofas que en el fevieron, F blo grandellan 


alta que tenis 
efcalera que ef 


Efpues de auer eftado en eſta Prouincia quatro dias, y a poca diftanciatoparonconom, agua que en el 


Foals, que ſe llamaua la Prouincia de los Tiguas, en la qual auia diez y ſeys pueblos enel vo 


de los quales, llamado por nombre Poala, halleron que auian muerto los indios à los dea [i Vinteron los 
dos padres fray Franciſco Lopez, y fray Auguſtin, a quien yuan a buſcar, y juntamente ati orth aie bie 
muchachos, y vn meltizo, Quando losdefte pueblo, y fus conuezinos vieron alosnuetos, I Sas de alli, y 

remordiendo les la propria conſciencia, y temiendofe que yuan a caftigarlos,y tomar venga 2 mre 
cadelasmuertes de los dichos padres, no los oſaron eſperar, antes dexando ſus cafas defer sian Lips: 


5 tas fe ſubieron a las fierras mas cercanas,de donde nunca los pudieron hazer baxar,aunquelo 
ptocutaron con alagos y mannas. Hallaron en los pue blos y cafas muchos mantenimientos, 


1. muy ſoler 
holgaron en ſe e 


Metales ran infinidad de gallinas de la tierra, y muchas ſuertes de metales, y algunos que putin 

— ror buenos, No (oranda entender 8 que tanta gente fueſſe la deſta Neale ‘ heen ae 
caufa de auetſe (como ya dixe){ubido a la fierra, deladios ba 1 
5 Auiendo hallado muertos a los que buſcauan, entraron en conſulta ſobre ſi fe boluerand nee . ie 
Nueua Vizeaya, la Nueua Vizcaya, de donde hauian ſalido, o paſſarian adelante: en lo qual vuodinerfospac- Chriftiano el | 
Nate diligen> cetes: pero como alli entendieffen, que a la parte de Oriente de aquella Prouincia, y my 3 
tiflime, aise! B 1 0 i 8 * can, Gaſpar de M 

diſtante de alli hauian grandes pueblos yricos, hallandofe alli tan cerca, acordocidicho Ms y ſabi 
Capitan Antonio de Eſpejo de conſentimiento del Religioſo ya dicho, llamado fray Bema idler fa 15 g 
dino Beltran, y de la mayor parte de ſus ſoldados, y companneros, de proſeguir con ¢! del bi gean 1005 sth 
cubrimiento hafta ver en que paraua, para pede dar dello noticia cierta y claas fi te 0 
if y aſſi conformes determinaron que quedandofe ali el ee, 


1 como teſtigos de vi 


Ma ‘ 
Real, fueſſen el Capitan con dos companneros en demanda de fis deffeo, que lopufieton tod fobredicho 


Oraptouincia, Por obra, I a dos dias de camino toparon con vna Prouincia donde vieron onze puss een 
85 y en ellos mucha gente, que a fu parecer paſſaus en numero de quarenta mil ini. Melt que defpues n 
1 1 mas: era tierra muy fertil y baftecida, cuyos confineseftan immediatamente juntos con la Hy” Pu 
1 E | ticrras de Cibola, donde ay muchas vacas, de cuyos cueros fe viſten, y de algodon :figue · 
Th do en la manera del gouierno el orden que guarden {us conuezinos : ay fennales de f 1 Lanueus de! 
muchas minasricas, y aſſi hallauan metales dellas en algunas cafas de los Indios, los er Ae eran de! 


„auen. tienen, y adoran Idolos : recibieronlos de paz, y dieron les de comet. Viſto efſo y rh 
1 potion i 


‘W 


— 
ve Mexico, 


nos blancos, yen 1 poficion de a tierra, ſe boluleron al real de d onde aulan falido, a dat noticia a ſus companne- 
J parrales Phi a ros de todo lo ſobredicho. oe 
6 di cia 
s,copard diez. pue. Fee: 
ros que ſe moſmi - y ane i 
bs vieron paflauan ucha cantidad 
ebimientos, ycon 


„ otras cofas,yio 


8, y con galanos 
een 


i i Hos el ſol y la luna muchas eli - 
al : pintados ene y y muchas e 
rae 6 areal 4 ſe hallaron en treynta y ſiete gtados y medio debaxo 
elas de vaca, coy do ! ; bo 
5 por el proprio rum 
e ee i donde vieron otros cinco y el principal del- Sunne Indies. 
on los quales van : 0 enia as, cuyas caſas eran Gia 
gan por obra, Ea g f 


Prouincias atras: 
ecial que tenianen 


omer, y otis coli, i : 
aſſi tienen ella: - oe 
do va de vn putbo i 

as, o labran gs q 
, donde comen los 
eſtan de ordinario N ' on era muy grande 
s muy fuertes,yfe. i como por temor de al 
: fon vnos palos de Imodo de la Provincia 
a partit pot edo i 


hallaron vn pues A 

: as de ſeys mil ani ſobte vnopenna 
fervieron, ſtados en alto, no teniendo otra entrada ſino por vna 
5 propria penna, coſa que admito mucho alos nueſtros: toda el 

; 
W is {pannoles, y traxeron les muchas m 

N 
y juntamente att 
ieron a los nueſtos, 


en cuya ribera ,, 


on fennales de 
os y tomar vengan y muy bellicoſos. Ellu- 
adofus caſas hei Ber tres dias, en vno de los quales los naturales les hizieron vn 
zer baxar,aunquelo a el con galanos veſtidos, V Con juegos muy ingenioſos, con que 
os mantenimientos, ; : ! 
gunos que parecun ey quartro lepuas de aqui, hazia el ponlente, dieron on vna Proutnci ſe nom- 24 legua 
deftaProuncagn f ele . wp epee 


bra en lengua de los naturales Zuny, ylallaman los Eſpannoles Cibola, 

a de Indios, en la qual eſtuuo Francifco Vazquez Coronado 
refi fe bolueiind Ta eas ernales de Chriftianidad que fiempre ſe eftauan en pi 
vu dinerfospae> M Chriſianos que ſe auian quedado de aqueila jotnada, cuyos nombres eran Andres de Cuyoa - 
a Piouincia y muy can, Gafpar de Mexico, y Antonio de Guadalajara, los quales tenian caſi oluidada ſu mefna 
a, acordo ef dicho le wa,y fabian muy bien la delos naturales, aunque a pocas bueltas que les hablaron ſe ene 
dog oa Fs bart facilmente. De quien ſupieron que fefentajornadas de alli auia vna pipes © 601 
roſeguir . 10 my grande, en cuyasriberas eftauan muchos pueblos grandes y buenos, y que 
cieita y c 


os naturales Lago muy 
‘ed nien mucho oro, de lo qual era indie ion el traer todos braceleies y orejeras dello 2 que co- mache 
Wee no el ſobredicho Francifco Vazquez Coronado tuuieſſe aoticia muy cierta dello, hauia ſalido 
Teo, que lo 


N tts Prouincia de Cibola para yr alla, y auiendo andado doze jornadas le fulto el agua, y ſo 
le vieron onze put N duemino de boluer, como lo hizo, con determinacion de tornar otra veꝝ mas de propoſiio a 
e quarenta N ele que deſpues nolo puſo en execuciõ, porque la muerte le atsjo los paffos y penſamientos. 
nente junto 8 


ay en ella pra cantidad 
. dero muchas Crues pueſtas, y ce 
e. Hallaron anfi meſmotres Indios 


jealgodon : iger: Profioue del Naeas Mexico. 
os: ay fennales de 4 Ianueus de la queza dicha » quiſo acudit el dicho Capitan Antonio de Efpejo, y aun- 
os Indios, los 


» Vifto efio y adi 
Viſto 0 ie 


que eran de ſu parecet algunos de ſus companneros, la mayor Patte, y el Religioſo se 
e 
po 


388 


mens meee 5 eee 
Nueua Vita / de contrario : diziendo,era ya tiempo de boluerſe à lanueua Vifcaya de donde haun falido 
a dat cuenta de lo que auian viſto: que lo puſieron por obra dentio de pocos dias la mayo 
parte, denando al Capitan con nueue companneros que le quifieron feguit : el qual, defpuey 
de hauerſe certificado muy por entero de lariqueza arriba dicha, y de mucha abundanciede 
metales que en ello auia muy buenꝰs, ſalio con los dichos ſus companneros defts prowincia, 
leg.  caminando haziael proprio Poniente, defpues de hauer andado veinte y acholeguas, hall, 
OnaProuiaea ron otra muy grande, en le qual les patecio hauia mas de cinquenta mil animas, cuyos mor. 
dores como fupieffen fu legeda, les embiaron vn recado, diziendo, que fi no querian que la 
mataſſen, no fe scercaffen mas a ſus pueblos: a lo qual refpondio el dicho Capitan, que eljo, 
no les a hazer mal, como lo verian, y que aſſi les rogauan no fe pufieflen en Ileum 
adelante ſu intento, dando al meniejeto algunas coſas de los que lleusua: el qual ſupotu 
bien abonar a los nueſtros, y allanar los pechos albototados de los Indios, que les dieroy 
lugar de voluntad para que entraſſen, que lohizieron con ciento y cinquenta Indios amigo 
de la prouincia de Cibola ya dicha, y los tres Indios Mexicanos, de quien queda hecha mes, 
cion. Vna legus antes que llegaſſen al primer pueblo, les ſalieron a tecebit mas de dos milly 
dios cargados de baftimentos , a quien el dicho Capitan dio algunas coſas de poco precio, 
que a ellos les parecio ſet de mucho, y las eſtimaron mas que fi fueran de oro. Llegando mu 
cerca del pueblo, que fe llamaua Zaguato, ſalio a recebislos gran muchedumbre de Indios, y 
entre ellos los Caciques, haziendo tanta demoſtracion de plazet y regozijo, que echuuu 
mucha hatina de maiz pot el ſuelo, para que la piſaſſen los cauallos : con eſſia fieſta eum 
en el, y fueron muy bien hofpedados, y regalados, que ſe lo pago en parte el Capitan, coy 
dar a todos los mas princi ſombte ros, y quentas de vidrio, y otras muc has coſa qu 
Leuaua pasa ſemejantes offrecimientos. 

Deſpscharon luego los dic hos Caciques recados a todos los de aquella Prouincis, dando, 
les ‘noticia de le venida de los hueſpedes, y de como eren hombres muy corteſet, y no la 
haxian mal: lo qual fue haſtante para hazer los venir a todos cargados de preſenies paralos 
nueſtros, y de que los importunaſſen, fueſſen con ellos aholgarfe a ſus pueblos, quelohiziee 
ron aunque ſiempre con recado de lo que podia ſucceder. Por lo qual el dicho Capitan yfo 
de vna cautela, y fue dezir alos Caciques, que por quanto los cauallos eran muy bravos, y 
les auian dicho que los querian mazar, feria neceſſatio hazet vn fuerte de calicanto donde ue. 
ter los para euitat el danno que querian hazer en los Indios, Creyeronlo los Caciques undo 
veras que dentro de pocas horas juntaron tanta gente que hizieron el dicho fuerte quelos 
nueſtrus querian con vns prefteza increyble. Demas deſto, diziendo el Capitan que fe mmi 
yt, le traxeron vn prefente de 40. mil mancas de algodon pintadas y blanc ss, y mucha um 
tidad de panuos de manos con borl as en las puntas, y otras muchas cofas, y entre ella me 
Metalerricor, tales sicos, y que moſtrauan tener mucha plate, Hallsron entre eftos Igdios muy gna 
An aden noticiade noe grande arriba dicha, y conformeron con los otros en lo tocanteilu ti. 

quezat, y sbundantia de oro. 

Fiado el Capitan defts gente, y de ſus buenos animos, acordo a cabo de algunos du c 
dexar alli eineo de ſus companneros con los demas Indios amigos, para que ſe boluiefiensa 
prouincis de Zany con el bageje, y de yrſe el con los quatro que quedavan a la ligen ebe 
cubtimẽto de ciette noticia que tenia de vnas minas muy rices, Lo qual pueſto pot obralepu: 
tio con las guias que lleuaua, y como vuieſſe cmins do hazia el proprio Poniente quem) 
einco legusa, copo con las dichas mings, y ſaco con ſus proprias manos riquiffimos wall, 
y Se mucha placa; y las minas que eran de vns veta muy anchs, eſtauan en vna fierraadonde(o 


‘Zaguatoo Abu · 
aco puzblo, 


Riquiſſimos 
. odie ſubir con facilidad, a cauſa de hauer para ello camino abierto, Ceres delasauiaslgunos 
sh de Indios ſerranos eee y los ſalieron a tecebit con Ci en 

a las cabecas, y otras ſennales de paz, Aqui cerea toparon dos rios razonables, a cuyas ris 
hauia muchas patras de vuas muy buenas, y grandes noguerales, y mucho lino como loo 

Na e- Caſtilla, y dixeron pot ſennas que detras de aquellas fierras eſtaua vno que tenis mai deocho 


leguas de ancho,pero no fe pudo entender que tan ceres, aunque hizieron demontiracion qu 
corria haxiala mar del Norte, y que en los riberas del de vna y orte banda ay muchos puch 
tan grandes, que en fucomparscion aquellos en que eft aus eran barrios. ö 
Deſpues eee toda eſis relaciõ, fe pastio el dicho Capitan pars Is Prouineiads 
Zany, adonde hauia mandado yr a los dichos co 
hauiendo ydo por muy buen camino, hollo con ella a ſus emcocompanneros, y al dicho pi 
dre Fray Bernardino con los ſoldados que ſe auian determinado de boluer, como ys dixin 
que aun ao fe auian pastide, por ciestes ocafiones: a los qualet Ios naturales hauian becto 


m 


Th2Englith Voyages, Nauigations, AC ewe Mexico, 


bles ſe boluicro 
‘cinco mil ani 
ien aderec ad: 

iB quatro / cinco 
que fe Hamana 
ci quifi 

al,ypor el 

e 
tecuclon a ptit 
econ ellos, y 
baxo,a quien il 
onde caminarc 
e los Conchos 

n falido para d 

Fay Bernardino. 
bos dias hauia, ) 
apitan Antonie 
ego al Conde. 
eal Conſejo de 
on mucho cuyd 
mas redemidas 
os de Mexico 71 
ba facilidad la ley 
elohaga Dios 


briefe rela 
Auguflin Re 
Epejointhe ye 
found fifteene 
high , which th 
unde of Olde A. 
fom 24 t0 34 d 


8 thatmen may ti 
naby Frier Ius 


NA) Date not 


a,» Weredifc 
anneros: y como llegaſſe a ella con {alud, mm 


Gevere of our L 


ne 0€S, Barthol 


— —„— 
we Mexico, 


— 
onde hauian ia loo 
10608 dias la me 
its el qual, defpues 
uchaabundanciede fe 
28 deſſa provincia, y ſies que dreued 
ocholeguas, han. lei) y quo i todos les datian 
nimas, cuyo mon · U 

no querian quel 
Capitan, que eſſo 
ſe puſie ſlen en lan 
ua: el qual ſupo tn 
lios, que les dietoy 


senta 1 

queda hecha men, rouinei 

it mas de dos mil · d ibieron les dieron e e 

oſas de poco pieco ME muy rieas, que las hallaron, y facaron 

oro, Llegandomas ples fe boluleron al pueblo de donde auian falido, luzparon eft inci 

dumbre de Indios, y y cinco mil aniimas, todos muy bien voſtidos d 4 dor 

zorijo, que echaug ienadere¢ddas, Tienen mucho e e 

nella fieſta enim Pe quatro y cinco altos; Aqui tuie 

arte el Capitan, con que fe Hamana de los Tamos, 

u muchas colas qe feanoles quifieron dar de comer los mora Tamms. 40. 
a qual ypor el peligro en que ellauan, y eſtar a 

la e 1 hauemos dicho) fe ee de yrfe fal 

vy corteſet, uo ecuelon a principio de Iulio del antio de o © pufitron en 

de pine paralos uecon ellos, y los lleuo por camino differ h Indioque fe aig 

ueblos, quelohizie baxo,a quien llamaron de Jas vacas,por ats 9 auian traydo, por vn rio 44 

l dicho Capitan o Vonde caminaron ciento veynte leguas ellas en toda fi tibera, por Riodels. . 

eran muy braves, y e auian entrado, 

calicanto donde ni. 5 io al deſcubtimi 

> los Caciques und a i 

dicho fuerse quei fea y 0 

Capitan que fe qui i 

cas, y mucha am 

as, y entre ella me 

os Iadios muy gu 


n lo tocanteilu i. 
os de Mexico 
0 de alpunosdisdé n facilidad Ia ey 


que fe boluieſſenili f 
ie f higersndé 3 one Dios como puede para honray 


Ponce, briefe relation of two 
Acne f Amgeſtin Ruyx a Franciſca 
n vna ſiertaadundeſe dein the yere 1583: whot 
ca delas auia tlpunos 


cebir con Cui en 
nables, a cuyasorls f N. ee 
ucho lino como lod 9 

Jue tenis masdeocho I 

n demontiracion 
da ay muchos pueblos 


n para la Provincia BIB) ate onthe firme che bitcouerers catiey 
gaffe a ella con {alud e py awnifen to ging notice 
neros, y al dicho PPA iu arg wichas much baut ats pole Fe 

er, como ys dium lutte ther Pate fenen Came dothe kno talene of itn iti 13 


uturales hauian helene pere of our U 790 Che frn hep. 


ond 1501 acerrame #rancifcan feigy Lagtingss 1 Age made 
ley of S, A called A * 
* Bartholomew, being infognnen bp n 55 


4 which Tiguas, 


390  TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, Nen Heri 


2 2 2 ly" setae 
which han dealings and conuerfation with other of shets ncighbourscallen Paſſs gutes; d 
toward the Noꝛth, trauelling alwayes by land, there were certaing great townes not hh 
knowen nor dilcoueren bp our Spanpards : mooued with a zeale of charity, and a deſtreto lu: 
foules, ct aued licence of the Conde of Corunna as ib Viceroy of Nueua EIpannt. An af Hall 
periouts, to so to the loyd tones, and to endeuour to leere their language, and baying {carne 
the lame, to baptize them, and to peach the holy Go(pel buco them. Alter be badabscinediicmy 
Che chieteot ok the parties alozelapd, taking with bim other tuo compantous of bis omne onder, and ight fy, 
Abe mas Ha, dierz, who of their alone good will offered to beare him company. be Departed to nut in ertatin 
Cito Sanches his Chyſſtian and zealous intent. THbo after certeine dapes trauell came vnto a Countteyraly 
wbich made a The paduince de los Tiguas diſtant krom the mines of Santa Barbara’, from whence they 
map of thete their tourney, 250, leagues towarts the Nozth tin which pouinte the inhabitants, vpon zan, 
Aalen dern talne arcalton, Mew one ol the ſapd flees two companions. The ſouldiers that went wich bm 
doe is {eeing this michap. and percetuing the lucteſle, andlinewwile fearing, that thereof ight bang 
bands. Come greater banger, determined with a common content to return vnto the mines from when 
Theproumnce they deperte s confivering that their company was too ſmall to reſiſt che Dangers that mighty, 
diſtant 236 pen, being lo farre viftant from the Dwellings of the Spanvards, aud from all neceſlary fuera, 
Würd en th: But the two ktierg which remained aline did not onely refuſe their determination, but cathe n 
mines ef Santa ing fi ⁊caſion to put their good Delite in exec » o grea u 03 the Long 
ing fis ~<cafion to put thei deſire in execution, and fo great a harueſt ripe fo) the Lo 
* ble, becaule they could not perfuane the ſouldiers to proceed any further in that diſcouetx ama 
ned bebinde in the ſeyd pꝛouinte with thzee Indian hopes, and one Meſtigo whom they banat: 
ed with them; thinking that although they remained alone, pet could they be there in leantt 
by reafon ok the great affability and ioue which the people of that place (hetued onto them, 
5 n e being returned to their wither “ome, immediatly ſent neweg of al the 
he imines of had palled Co the Viceroy vnto the city of Mexico, whichis diſtant from the ſapd minen ol Suu 
160 hf Bar i) abi [sy 1 bat 
Mann nm Che ſtiers of Sant Francis were very much agricued. * the ſlaying of their baechenbehiny 
in the countrep, and fearing leaſt the Sauages would kill them Ceeing them lelt alone, thepty 
gan to mooue the minds of certaine louldiers to make another voyage tothe ſapd prouincein ty 
company of another frier of the fopefapo Order called Frier Bernardin Beltran , tadelinetty 


afonelayd two religious men out of danger, and to pꝛoſecute their fopmet enterpꝛile. 


he fecond At the fame time here was at the lodeſayd mines bpon fome occafiona citizen of Menicon 
voran. ev Antonio de Efpejo, a rich man, and of great courage ant duſtry, and very sealousinty 
feruice of king Philip bis ſouereine, and was bozne in Cordoua. Ibo onderfanding tenis 

of the koze ſapd kricrs, and the impozcance of the 1 1 himlelle to go onthat one 

10 


alfo to ſpend part of bis ſubſtance, and to aduenture his life therein; conditionally that 
migbt be granted him to the lame purpole from Come perfon (ufficientlp authozized by his par 
iie. Which licence at the lapd frier procurement was granted onto him by the goutranm lun 
„ de Ontiueros the kings Alcalde mayor 0} chlefe Tutice in the towns called Las quatro Cin 
pienneeot gas Mtuate within the iurilolction of Nueua Bifcaya ſeuenty leagues From the fapominesd 
8 Santa Barbara; authorizing bim both to take in hand the lapd vopage, and allo to allenic ld 
kiten 90 0 and Auen he could, which mig bt accompany and ayde him in the perfopman dds 
al * dis iam ent,’ 11 i „ * f ‘ i boitl 
i Cheſayd Antonio de Eſpejo was ſo carnett inthis matter, that in very feto daptsbehwgr 
theres a company of ſoulviers, and made prouifion of things neceſlarpfoꝛ bis bopage, fein 
5 ho therein a good part ol his ſubſtante. And he departed with bis whole company fromm the dallep of 
dg Muth rs Bartholomew the tenth of Nouember 158 2; tabing with bim (fop Wbetſocun hdg 
Santo, pen) rr 5 hopies and mules, with great Hope of weapons, munition, and vic tuals, and {ome d 
the tentz or ans to le rue him in his tourney, : 
rect Directing his courte cowarnebe North, after two dapes iourney he met with grell 
nbians eat the kozeſayd Indians called Conchos, which dwell in villages oz hamlets of cottages thun 
Gia Conn, with (raw, LlAha, ſo foone as they bnverſtood of bis appꝛoch, hauing newes thertof lang bet 
came foojth to receiue him with ſhewes of great iop, Tbe food of this people anpof alithertl 
that pꝛouince, which is great, are conies, bares, and deere which they Kill, of all Lobicy herd 
great abundance. Aifothep baue great ne of Maia q Indlan wheat, gourds, and melons 
Spanpriners. good and pleneifull: and there are manp rivers Full of excellent fich ofniners ſozts. Cher ava, 
mold naked, and the weapons that they vic ate bowes F arrowes, and lite under the eueren 
dlozdſbip of Caęiques lie thoſe of Mezico: they found no ipols among them, neitherua 
dſey vaderttand that they woꝛchipped anp thing; whereupon they eallly conſented that 115 


PSP —— 


(en Mexity 


b Rallaguares; thy 
at COME, nat bishery 


R ripe fop chene 
vitae Dif couety ty 
owhom ther banca 
ep be there in {crus 
ved vnto chem. 

ſent newes of all hr 
pe ſayd minesofSana 


chelt bꝛethmtehün 
eee 
he ſayd ein 
en se 
nterpzile. 
tigen of Meson 
and berp sealousiniy 
nderfanding theres 
go on chat bop um 
ditionally chat lien 
muihorisen bp bis de 


ictuals, and fone Jn 


met with great fine 
ets of cottaxes tur 
wes thercoflong bet 
ople anvof alltte 
l, of all sobich bert 
durds, and melons 
ers forts,. They gn 


e under the gon ng 


nog ther, neüterg 


New Mexico. Traffiques & Difcoueries, 
e eee ne 3 


— 
npards houto (et vp croſles, and were very well tontenetherewith, 
our frters al the fignification thereok, which was done by the interp 
them; bp whole meanes they vnderſtood ol other townes. whither th 
them, and bare them company aboue foure 


ues, 
people of their owne nati 


dians called Paflaguates, wh; 

did vnto them as the others had done, 
adulte of the Caciques,ag before, C é 
which according to the iungement oll ki 

A dayes tourney from thence they m 
then beheld the cauntenance of our peop 
houlen delolate. Akter ward wee under 
tertaine ſouldiers to ſe eke mines, 
uhich cauſed the red of the 

them backe againe, 
ter fo dilcreetly, that 


ſayd Concho 


quiuir, which 
U 


gd 
ne which was hard by, whith 
e ſouldiers well armed erpzeter called pet 
and with good pertuafions aypeaſt 


ed them, Caufing them to d 
ud bouſes, and perſuading them to Hits aduire onto their neighbours, 
boutd hurt no bodp, neither c to take away their goods 
) bp bis wiledo { iques certeine bꝛacelets of 
wothertrifles, urpoſe: fo by tht 


3 along the whic 


Wit holp faith; fo b 

aga? A palito, 

cutee that they haue r } dele Worlolp roo 

ther wiues and chill chthe captaine and ſo 

it) ue hee might cro le emanding of the 

Mo atkno wledge of d three Chꝛiſtian 

h, ano rematnen c them, who * the fignes w 
X42 


b Rio del Norré; 
the (pace of twelue 


392 Tbe Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Ne Mexico, 
and Dorantes, and Caſſillo Maldonado, and a Negro ; il 


which efcapen ol the company which Pamphilo de Naruaez landed in Florida : who after thep 
D — 4 flanes,efcaped and came to thefe townes, by whom God cher 
ien dete e ep many mitarles, ann healed onelp bp the touching of their hand many ficke petfons, bp ren 
. wherol they became very famous in all that countrep. Al this prouince remained in great pear 
and lecurity; in token whereof, they accompanied and ſerued our men certaine Bapes , traut. 


Aluaro Nunnez, Cabeca de Vaca, 


Another pio⸗ 
iuner. 


them many very 
raked with blew and white, like thole that are 

other things, All ol them both men, women and 

and wel ppetten, Dur people coulo neuer vnderſt 

preter : bowbeit ty dealt wich them bp lignes; and yauing 


Wer ape] 
dew 


Another 510 · 
nine 


goo 
em company about twelue leagues 
; called Rio del Norte aboueſayd, ‘ill luch time u hep 
here all along the ſhode of the lysrives 
sai aa oure leagues bpoad,-and great inet wil 
Calli 


t ther 

fo , verp well built, with gallant longings , and 
. Werle. Their garments were of Cotton and odere. | 

men and women is after the maner of the Jadian of Ge kingdom of Mezico. 1 55 5 

gelt of all was co (ee both men and women weare (hoes and boots with good foles “ 

leather, a thing which they neuer ſawe in any other part of the Indies. Che women keept , 
belre well comben and dpetled , wearing nothing els bpon their heads, Anelltheſt covoner’ 


FP ( 


ſtus Ruyz, ˖ 
foone as the 


1 acculing the 


fopefain fat 
the mountat 
men attemp 
{es good fto2 
tals, whereo 
of people this 
ſayd befoze. 
hauing fe 
ther they thor 
their idurney 
ward the Oz 
and rich town 
with the con 
ſouldiers and 


New Mexico. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


ew Mexico, ; wcll 6 | 
: iques Which gouerned their people like the Caęiques of Mexico, with ¢ tS ta ers 1 
o, ind & Negro ; il 4 — *. commandements, who goe thozow the townes P20Claiming with a lo. the pica 
rida ; who after they 5 ure ofthe Cagiques, commanding the fame to be put in execution. An this prow out men ö 
bp whom God ien. hound manyidols which they wozſbipped, and particularly they had in euery boule an ato / fog 
e perlons, by reiim duke diuell, whereinto they Ordinarily carp him meat : and another thing they kounu than an it is an 1 
nainedin great au vſe among the Chziſtians to erect crolles vponthe high mapes, fo haue this people: ine high 
taine dapes, trautl > chapels, in which tbep lay the diuell pleth to take bis eale, and to recreat himlelfe n auelleih 
from one towne to another; which chapels are matuellouſly well trimmed and painted. Tnall 
u Fromm tobencetho tye arable grounds, whereof thep haue grearplentp, thep ereceon the one five alltele cottage op 
igbbo gs, and buff } thed landing bpon foure ſtuddes, vnder which the labourers do Cat, and paſſe away the heat ok the 
my mantles of 22 dap, ſoꝛ they are a people much giuen to labour, and doe continually occupy themlelues therein, Fil 
ter g trucke them n This count rey is full ot mountaines and forrefts of Wine trees. The weapons that they vfe are motte Biot 114 
dis binnen very gin Grong bowes and atrowes headed with fines, which will pierce thozom a coat of male, and maca- arg acautrar 
e fop lache of am ier: | nas which are clubs of balfe a yard long, fo belet with ſharpe flines, that they are fufficient to 3 — 44 
em certaine dong ie tlenue a man alunder in the midſt: they vſe alſo a kinde of targets made of raw bides. 898 
they 3 ie baum remained foure open in this prouince, not farre off they came co another called The The province 
* quantity ther m pꝛouince of Tiguas conteining ſirteene townes in one wheteof, called Poala, they bnderfood that Ne 
Te the nbabitants had Maine the two fathers aforefapd,to wit, frier Francis Lopez, and frier Augu- 
ple ol the — ftus Ruyz, uhurm they went to lecke, together With the thace Indian bopes, and the meſſigo. So 
great riuer acm foone asthe people of this towne and their neighbours late dur men there, their owne conleiences 
piued A es 44770 accufing them and fearing thatour men came to punith them, and o be duenged of the death ol the 
Kore, bp Thum fopefain fathers, they durſt not abide their comming, but leauing their houtes peſolate they fled to 
101 ehm the mountatnes nert adiopning, frõ whence they coulo neuer caute them to deſcend, although our 
de rot ae . men attempted the fame by dluers deuiſes and entilements. They found in the townes and hou⸗ 
by cou verylun n ſes good ſtoze of victuals, with infinite number of hennes in the countrey, and many (opts of mes Very rich and 
3 tals,tuhercof ſome leemed to be very good. Th could not perfectly bnderftand what numbers 800d meal 
vag wum of people this pꝛouince might conteine, by reaſon they were fled into the mountaines, as J haue 
5 ſayd before, 
nthem 8 1 4 thole to be flaine which they went to feeke; they entred into ton 
peeved dur comeny ther they chould returne to ya, f 
chthey wnvertooke he 
OD temperature, uni 


mdante of rich metas, 


be diſcouery, till fuch time as they did fee 
Altbau erty to what end it would come; to the end they might giue certeine and perfect knowledge thereok to 
ot ach ang Capt dis Paielly, as eye · witneſleg of the lame. And ſo with one accoꝛd they determined, that while 
1 fas efcopeleagues, f the army lap ſaill there, the captaine and two moze of bis company ſhould pꝛolecute theirdefire, 
nt, es couern si which they did accordingly, And within two dayes iourney they came vnto another prouince, Hitother pies 
‘pithe tat Qoyeeter where they foundeleuen te wnes, and much people in them, which in their iudgement were aboue ; 
wit 3 esther foxtpthoufand perſons. The countrep was very fertile and plentilull whole confines boꝛdered 
Wee bpon the territozies of Oibols, uhere there are great Hoje of kine, with whole hives and with cot · 
‘ep IN Such tine ier I can chepapparell themfelues, imitating in the forme of their gouernment their next neighbours, 
„ fi cof their In place are lignes of very rich mines, ſome quantity of the metals whereof they found in 
e the boutes ol the Indians; which Indians haue and d 


de wopſhip idols. They receiued our men 
peaceably,and gaue them victuals. Dauing ſeene th | 
Laut trees they tnf they returned to the campe, krom when 


a pie in a cage after the maner 
a wes oz canopies like vnto thole which 
an 


ö and many Starres. Where hauing taken the Sarenethicep 
heigheof the pole · ſcarre, they Found themlelues to bein 37 9 and ok Hoztherip latitude. Pegreesanda 
KK 


04 
| 
| 
1 


114 
0 


BA Valquer de Co- 
| fonado was 


» 


They departed out of this prouinve,ano keeping Mill the fame Non THERLY courte,foutes 
Sur Pur keene Leagues from thence they found another pꝛouinte called Che Cunames, where they (ay; 
. ther flue cones, the greatett tobereof was called Cia, being le large, thatic contelneveighen 


Canara ft. plates, che houles thereof being plaittered and paincen with diuces colours, were better thin 
any which they had ſerne in the prouinces before mentioned: the people which they he ere (aw, 
they elleemed to be aboue twenty thoufand perfons, hep pꝛeſented to our men many curious 
mantles, and victuals excellentiy well npeffed ; fo that our men Deemed this nation to be more tu 

ice rious, and of greater ciuflity , and better government , then any other that hitherto they hay 

ch metals. 


feene, They ſhe wed them rich metals, and the mountaines alſo not farve off whereout they dig 
ged them. ere our people heard of another prouince ſtanding toward the Mozth wel, where: 
vnto they purpoſed to goe. idl 

Dauing ttauelled about lire Leagues, they came ta the fap prouince, the people tohereot wer 
Ameies, di ie · Called Ameies, wherin were ſeuen very great townes, conteining, to their ſudgement, aboue thir: 
* ty choufand ſoules. They reported that one of the ſeuen townes was verp great and faite, which 
our men would not go to fee, both beraule it Rood behinde a mountalne, and allo op feare of fom 
michappe, (fin cate they ſould be leparated one fromanother, Tot people are like onto thie 
— 9 of the former pꝛouince, being ap well pꝛouided of all neceſlaries as they, and of 


good gouernment. 
About fifteenc leagues from this prouince, trauelling alwapes toward the eff, they found 


Acoma 0} Aco- ] 
, pana cowne great towne called Acoma , conteining aboue fixe thoufand peefons , and lituate vpon an high 
Tous 600 rocke which was aboue Http paces hie, having no other entrance but by a ladder o2 patre ok aires 
| Perfor, hewwen into the lame rocke, whereat our people maruelled not a little: all che water ok this tote 
was kept in citernes. The chiefe men of this towne came peaceably to vilit the Srpanparns, 
bꝛinging them many mantles, and chamoll· ( kinnes excellently dꝛeſſed, ano great plenty of vicu: 
als. Their come-ficlos are two leagues from thence , and they ketch water out of a ſmallnuer 
nere thereunto, to water the fame, on the bunk whereofthep law many great banks el Bolts 
Gignesot ke thole ol Caſtile. Pere are many mountaines that beare ſhewes ol mettals, but they went not 
metals. to lee them, becaule the Indians dwelling vpon themare many in number, and very warlike, 


Dur men remained in this place three dayes, vpon one of the which the inhabitants made before 
them avery lolemne dance, comming foopth in the fame with gallant apparell, vling very un 
{ports, wherewith our men were exteedingly delighted. 

Twenty fourc leagues from hence toward the Cel, they came toa tertaine pꝛouince calltn 


Laon Sunne. Up the inhabitants themſelues Zuny, by the Spanpards Cibola, containing great numbers 


Indians; in which prouince Franeiſeo Vazquez de Coronado had bene, and bad erected mm 
croffes and other tokens of Chrittianity, which rematned as pet ſtanding. Peere allo they fom 
three Indian Cirittians which had remained there euer fince the laid iournp, vy oſe names were 
Andrew de Culiacan, Gafpar de Menieo and Antonio de Guadalajara, who had almot fo 
ten theit owne language, but could [peake that countrep ſpeech verpwell; howbeit after fone 
{mall conference with our men, they eallly vnderſtood one another, Bytheſe chee Tnoianstxp 
A mighty lake were informed, that thꝛeeſcoze dapes iourney from this place there was a very mighty lake, pn 
gey kom el. the bandes thereof Rood many great and good townes, and that the inhabitants of the fame bw 
2, plenty of golde, an evident argument wherok was their wearing of golven bracelets eearrings: 
inet of and allo that after the Capp Francis Vafquez de Coronado hab perfect intelligence thereof, hee 
departed out ok this pꝛontnte of Cibola to goe thither, and that hauing pꝛoceeded twelurbeyts 
ioumep, he began to want water; and thereupon determined to returne, as he did indeed wih 
tention to make a {econ voyage thither at his better opportunity ; which alterward he pertoyme 
ed not, being pꝛeuented of his determined tourney by death. 

Upon the ne weg of theſe riches the ſapd Captaine Antony de Eſpeio was deſirous ts goth 
ther; and though Come ol his companions were of his opinion, pet the greater part and the litt 
were of the contrary, laying that it was now high time to returne home vnto New Bifcay tem 
whencethey came, to glue account ol that which they havfeene : which the apn greater part 


bere 15408 
1541. 


within kew dayes putin exetution, leauing the captaine with nine companions onely that willing 


ly followed him: who alter hee had fully tertified himſelfe of the riches abouelayd, and of the 
another much · Fre at quantity of excellent mettals that were about that lake, veperted out ok tbis province of Ci. 
ne pouint) bola With his Companions ; 
Cibola 28 
lagen, caled 


leagues he told another very great prouince, which bp eltimation conteined aboue 50000 fol 


of death to tome no neerer to their to wnes: tuber eto the captaine anſwered, that their t 


and krauelling dirertip te ward the Wett, after hee bed pelle 26 


the inhabitants thereof alloone as they vnderſtood of their appꝛoch, Cent them tod, vpon pan 


. 


was in 0 
a elt him in 
bluoug tte tot 

blen minds 
thither witt 

Indians be 
forth to mee 
fome things 
gold. Qstl 
Indians can 
tion of top an 
vpon: with ¢ 
dbk, whichthe 

glaſle, with n 
hueſent ly gau 
91 to bee a court 
nuke ihem a 
merry with e 
1 what mighe f. 
leeue, that fop 
kullthem ) the. 
> ving of fuch in 
> was lo ftedfal 
together, chat 

Mozeouer, 

4000. mant. 
taſeels at the cc 
> Halve much tit 
fozeſaide, wiyc 


» great abundan 


The Capte 
determined alt 
friends that th 
foure other wh 
had perfect inft 
and hauing trat 
with his owne f 
were of a very b 
open way that le 
Jing vpon the m. 
on their heads, a. 
neſſe, bpon the t 
walnut-trees,an 
thole mountaines 
nad; howbeit ti 
both fives theres 
they dwelt we 
Alter he have 
Zuni, whither he | 
hon a very good 
hardin Beleran, w 
taine octaltong we 
ned with all thi 


tholethat came tw 
a . oF fers 
againe with ſpeed 
Wohomnthep promt 
Moje graine and ot 


ow Mexico, 
RLY courte, foures 
„where they (aw, 

onteineveight y 
, were better they 
ich the y he ere (aw, 
men manp curſoug 
ation to be moe cy, 
at hitherto they had 
whereout they dig 
Nozthweſt, where: 


cople whereof wert 
gement, aboue thirs 
eat and faite, which 
Ifo fop feaxe of fony 
le are like vnto thir 
Bas they, and olu 


Terk, they found 
fituate vpon an bigh 
er oz patre of arg 
water ok this towne 
lit the Dpanparns, 
great plenty olunu⸗ 
r out of a ſmullruer 
teat banks of Boltz 
ls, but they wen not 
r, and very warlike, 
abitants made before 


ell, vling very witty 


Caine pꝛouinte callie 
ng great numbers of 
ind had erected many 
Deere alfothep foun 
, eee 
had almoſt ingo 
1 aafcer (ome 
fe 1 —ͤ— hi 
ry mighty lake, 
anes of the Cam ba 
bracelets g earrings: 
rigrennce thyereot, het 
oteeded cruelucnayts 
he did indeed within 
ſterward he per · 


vas deſitous to gothi 
ater part aud thefticr 
nto New Bifcay ftom 
the Capo erreater part 


ng one ly that willing: & 


boutlayd, and of the 
of this pꝛouinte of Ci 


ter hee had poſſed 28 


aboue 30000 fouls! 
hem wond pon pam 
, that their conning 


— — 


N NewMexico. Tralfiques andDilcouerics, 

won hie to burt them as they houto well 

Left an ate intended voyage, and wit hall gan 

mougte with them: who thereupon made fo 

bed minds of the Indians, that they grantedt 
thither with t 5. Indians their friend 


berceiue, and therefope requell 
e to the mellenger arewarb ot 
000 report of our people, 

tm free acceſſe vnto the ir 


aus 
ppen vnto ch 
at in fue houres th 
e they built the laid Fort wh 
lde that he wauld depart, 
both white and of other colours, 
Divers other things, ..n 
g theſe Indians they lea 
ſozeſalde, whofe tepoꝛt agree wholly with the relatior 
great abundance of gold about that la ze. 
The Captaine repoling great confidence in t 
determined after certaine da 
friends, that they might retu 
foure other which remained 


Great abnn. 
dance of gold, 


e At · 
Ieagtiee toa 
and that byon running tas 


Febole where: Hann fe 
A e 
: ard the pꝛouince of fan 
au being artined there tn fafery,bauing trauaiten ria tap, 
ce his 5 .companions, ¢ the fain father Frier Ber. bie 


' great lake of 
determined torecurne,as is afozeſaid, but wpa cers e. 


whom the inbabica Dlp intreate,¢fure “"™* 
hey olen the Captaine, and 
great iop, and Juting them 
equefting them to returne 
hey tall the Spaniards) to 
an ſowed that peere 


At 


his inkoꝛmation, the fain Ca taine returned t 
bad ſent his ſaid companions: : fet 


ona very good way, he found int 
hardin Beleran, with the ſouldiers 
taine occaſton 


Died with al 
tholethat ¢ 
arent gane of vic 
agatne with f 
lupo they pꝛomiled Foon lufficient. Sor the better 
me gtatne and other fruits, then they had done at 


—ð ——— ·¶—œõ?-——ů——ßv—ů—ů—— 
396 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Ne Mexico, 


At this pꝛeſent the Frier and ſouldiers afozeſaid reſolued themſelues in their former determi: 
nation, & agreed to returne vnto the pꝛouince from whence they came with intention before men: 
tioned, to {eek the two Friers that were ſlaine, to whom alfo Gregorio Hernandez who had bene 
Randard-bearerin the iourney, iopned himſelle. Cho being departed, the Captaine accomppnied 
onelp with 8. ſouldiers, determined to profecute his foꝛmer attempt, e to paſle vp higher the faing 

60. leagues. xiuer called Rio del Norte, which he did accoꝛdingly. And hauing traueiled about 60, leagues tp: 
ward the pꝛouince ok the Quires aloe cid, 12 leagues fr thence toward the Orient op Catt thy 
Hubates. founda prouiuce of Indians called Hubaces, whoreceiued them peaceably, and gaue them greet 
weep rich ſioze of victuals, inkaming them alſo of very rich Mines which they found,whereout they got gt. 
Pines, fering e good metal and therewith returned to the comme from whence they tame. This prouinee 
contained by their eftimation 25000. perſous all very well apparelled in coloured mantles of to 
45 achtes ton, and Chamois -( kins very well dzelled. They haue many mountaines full of Pines and C 
digy. Hes parg, and the houles of their townes are ol 4. and 3. dozies high. Vere they had notice of anolh 
Tam pꝛouinte diſtant about one dapes iourney fro thence inhabited by tertaine Indians called Tamos 
and containing aboue 40000. ſoules: whither being come the inhabitants would neither giv 
them any victuals nop admit them into their townes: fog which cauſe, ann in regard of the danger 
wherein they were, and becaute fome of the ſouldiers were not well at eaſe, and ko that they uin 
ayer returne. lo fete (as we haue laid) thep determined to depart thence, and to returne toward the land ofity 
Chziſlians, which they put in execution in the beginning of Julp 1583, being guiden by an am 
an that went with them, who led them another wap then they went foꝛth by, downe a riuer, which 
Riodelesvacas. they called Rio de las vacas; that is to (ap, Che riuer oforen,in reſpect ok the great multitudez ol 
rroweagues, ret 02 kine that fen upon the bankes thereof, by the which iheytraueiled forthe {pace of 120, 
leagues, Rill meeting with ſtoꝛe of the ſaid cattell. From hence they went forward tothe ruuerif 
Conchos by which ep entered, and thence to the valley of S. Bartholomew, from whence they 
firſt entered into their dilcouerie. Upon their tõming thither they found that the ſaid Ferber. 
nardin Beltran and his company were ſafelp arriued at the (aid towne many dapes befoy, ¢ were 
@uadiens, gone from thence to the cowne of Guadiana, Tn this towne the forefato captatne Antony de kl. 
peio made moſt certaine relation of all that is afozetato, which relation pretenelp hee Len nto ie 
Conde of Corunna Uiʒrop of Nueua Efpanna, who ſent the fame to his Paieſtie, x to the Lug 
ok his ropal counſel of the Indies, to the end they might take ſuch ozder as they thought belb which 
they haue already perkoꝛn with great care and tirtumſpect ion. 

Almighey God vouchl . vis alliſtance in this bufines, that ſuch numbers of ſoules redes 
by his blood may not veter ix periſh, ol whole good capacitic, wherein they exceed thoſe of Mexico 
and Peru/as we be giuen to vnderſtand by thole that haue delt wich them) we may boldly pretune 
that they will ealily embzace the Gofpel, and abandon ſuch idolatrie as now the moſt of them on 
fiue in: which Almightie Gov graunt for his honour and gloꝛp, and foo the increaſe of che hole: 


tholique faith, 


Aletter of Bartholomew (ano from Mexico the 30. of May 155010 
Francis Hernandes of Sinil, concerning the ſpeedy building of ewoftrong 
Forts in S. lohn de Vilna, and in Vera ( bur as aifo touching a notable new andrichdi- 
couery of Cibola or New Mexico 400,leagues Northweſt of Mexico. 


Aree T may pleaſe you Sir, to be aduertiled that A haue retelued pour letter werbe 
E ALunderſtandthat our Whip with the trealure is lalely ariued, God be praifeorheres 

9 fore, The frigate arriued here in faferte which brought the letters of Anuiletrom 
che King to the Uiceroy. She arriued in S. Iohn de Vilua the 29. of Pap dt 
een from S. Lucar in Spaine the 6. of Apzül. By which his Paieſlie wztzith onto 

the Uicerop, what time the Fleete hall depart from hence, and what courſe thep Chall take, not as 


aye marcyes troubled very Cope with men of warre on this coat. 


4 pnto the Marques of Villa Manrique his coſen, Uietrop of Noua Hiſpania, 
atNouaHi- on ſight ok bis letters he thal tõmand to be builder ins 


= Forts for the vefence of thefe countries, of bis Oatefties tharges: 


in boththe # opts for the defence of the hips which ride there, and for the ſtrength of che counitth f * 
Chere are departed out of Mexico and other tones hertabout by the commaundement of ty 
Uicerop 300. louldiers Spaniat ds, vnder the cõdurt of Rodorigo del Rio the gouernout abi 5 


E 


THE 
> uery of th 
» welt or bac 
ura, togethe 
>  thebehalfe 
inam 


Arelatior 
5 of the 
fhips; 7 
and the 
the rigl 
ofthe tl 


FrancisVlloaa 
todiſcouer 
tunneth to 
along the « 
returning ( 
and not fai 
wr which n 


them, Oo la 
a ee, che 


(ew Mexico, 


— —— 
their former deerme 


i France Ulla. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 


397 


tension before rn 7 . Cibola, tubich is 400.leagues bepond Neri 

nandez ad bene 

Se wp higher the fain f 8 2 7 men 1 fe fubiect to his Pale. There nnen Kae 
Gi e Cate bon we can here no newes of them. w anbaclage eis thoughe tber ther are ane, eee 
| Tie other newer that J can certiſie pou ok at chisinttane ; out wed 
hin 1 1 A N Guadalajara called don Nunno de la kateenh indem 1 ae etter et asl 
7 came. This pouince a i g U of x 2, pere old But t e 

behethawarrant from his Maieſlie, that gelle Tiikerop faith that 

le insane, ar ou ary ap a cae ue hela ele ee 

ben notice am Ae of pis office, And cherfore he went about to depziue ch 

Indians called Tamos, 

its would neither iy 

n regard of the danger 

and Fo2 that they were 


toward the land olihe 

ing guided bp an am 

p downe eee 

he great multitudts ol 

forthe ſpareck un, . üzedtatime:oz elle all N f God to remedyit, and that it may b I 
e 02 elle all Noua Spania wil be veterlp fpoiten, FI write this thi kelspub. Jene 
bee lea e : liauely knowen in all places, nothus Arelt, rom Mexico the seo Bay ee t lets pubs Rous Hipenig 
hat the ſaid Fner ber. 


p Dapes before, ¢ were . 

ptaine Antony de El. THE FIRST AND SEC OND DIS 
5 4 e C 2 

in ie ont : woe the gulfe of California, and of the Sea-coaft on the North. 


or back fide of America, lying to th 

i 9 ge 7 Sir Francis Drakes 4 0 We 1 

the behalfe ofthe Crowne of Exel ; 
inttnoaghtihany other m 45 i the notable voyage of Francis Gaule; Where. 


hep thought beth which 
rg ok ſoules revermen 


Cibola and Qube 


f e matt 
ie a 1 the Ocean fea from Ch and 550 the Nowe ps 1 
wo the moſtokthenm : of America, inthe 38.and 4o, degrees, 
tncveate of thehahtr MR A relation of the di 


of May 15500 
ding of two ftrong 
able new andrichdi- 
xico. 


b pour letters herbe 
d, God be prailtocheres 
letters of Avuifeftom 
the 29. ol May. dtp · 
MPaieſtie wu ich bun 
fe they Chall take, not as 
abꝛoad at the fea, which 
aine : foz here wee wert 
t expꝛeſle cõmandement 
nia, that immediatly op 
1 Vera Cruz tho , eANS 
pat there Chalbe gail Ap 
krength of the tountith, 
commaundement of 
>the gouernout of 1 
Ua B. 


135. 
tunnes. Of which Fleete me ene 


ofthe third volume of the voyages gathered by A. jee bas 1 Merida, Taken out 


. 5 Chap 
8 . of Cortex departeth with a Fleet from the 


Onto degrees of tae 
fa 

and Pigar Che coat wf 
uhich patty zal 8 


398 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Francis Ulloa, 


— een 


that tooke vs ſo as the ſyip was forced to laile without ber malt vn uu we arriued in tLe laid heuen, 

From the pozt ot Acapulco to this hauen of Colima wee were fapling the ſpace of 20, dapts. 

Were wee ſtaped to mende our maſt and to take in certaine victuals, water, and wood, che (pace of 

27. dayes. And wee departed from the ſaide hauen the 23. of Auguſt, and lapling by the J tlcsof 

Abe Ades ot Xaliſco the 27,02 28. of the ſaide moneih wee were taken with an extreame tempeſt wherein wee 

8 thought we lhould haue perithen, and being toller and weather- beten, wee ranne as farteastſe 

Guajanal. riuer of Guajaual in the Pꝛouinte of Culiacan. In this ſtoꝛme wee loft the pinnelle called Sant 

m Thomas, and becauſe wee had loſt her wee crolled ouer to the pot of Santa Cru in California; 

‘oeooinrot fo; while wee were lo beaten in the kozmer tempen the pilot of the Barke figuifien vnto six 

Cullen. heuperceiued ihe beganne toleake, and that alreadp (he had recetued in much water imfomuch i 

fhe begaune to founder; whereupon, to helpe her neede, and that wee might mecte together n 

knowen hauen, ik by chance the cempett thoulo leparate vs, as it did indeed, we willed him torgs 

paire to the hauen ok Santa Cruz, where we meant to repaire his harmes and our owne. here 

fore being all arriued in this place of Santa Cruz, wee ſtaped there fiue dayes and tooke in wate, 

wherein we heard no newes ok our Barke which we had loſt: Mereupon the Captaine refoluy 

5 to follow on our voyage; wherefor, we ſet ſaile the 12. ok September, and as wee failed wer {ity 

yjte Glands. along the coatt of thefatoe hauen 3. Allands, whereof the Captaine made no great accompt, thin 

king there coulde be no great gocd found in any of them. Theſe Illands ſcemed not to be grew; 

wherefore be commanded the Maſters and pilotes to pꝛoceed on their voyage, and not to leeſe tine 

without any polit. Oo failing ouer the guife ok California, in two daxes and an halke we tamet 

Rio de tan Pedro the iuer ofS. Peter and d. Paul, finding befoze we entred into the fame almall Illand in the mou 

Tas belle. gfthe River, being 4.02 J. miles didant fromthe maine, On both fines ok this Riuer wer bebe 

goodly and pleafant great plaines kullof manp greene and beautikull trees, and Farther within the 

land we bebeld certaine exceeding high mountatnes full ol woods very plealant to beholde, from 

this Riuer wee Cailen Mill along the coatt the {pace of 15. leagues. in which courfe wee found ta 

are other Rivers in our iudgemine as great oꝛ greater then Guadalquiuir the River of Sula in 

Spaine. Al the corſt bp theſe Riuers is pla ine as the other which we had pafled, with many woorss 

likewile within che lande appeared great mountaines couert v with woods very beautitul tobe 

holde, and beneath in the plaine appeared certaine lakes of water. Fromtheſe Rivers welaly 

Gertaine great ;. leagues. and found verp pleafanc plaines, and certaine great lakes whofe mouthes opened in: 

a tothe Sea: here our Captaine thought good throughip to dilcouer what thofe lakes were dla 

ſearch whether there were any good hauen fo his ſi is to ride in, od to harbour themſelues f ap 

tempeſt ſhould ariſe; and ſohee tommaunded a boat to be hoiſed out into the Dea, witha hel 

and fiue oz fire men to view them, and to found the depth, and botom of them: who went thither, 

and kound the coaſt very (olde, and the mouthes of the lakes z whereupon th. p made no accompt 

of them, onely becaule the thoze was fo ſhallo w. fo otherwife the land was verpplealant. bin 

at euening we ſaw on the ſhoze 10.02 12. Indians and fires, The afoꝛeſaide two Riucrs areivo 

leagues diſtant the one from the other little moze oꝛ leſle, and are great as J haue faide,anvteng 

in the lat ol them we went vp to the tip-top, and law many lakes, and one among the rette 

ding great, and wee luppoled that they had their ſpꝛings out of this great lake, as other Run 

allo haue from other lakes. for wee fawe the courſe of them ſeuerally each bp them: its, having 

goodly woods growing all along their bankes. The currents ok theſt Rivers might be viltend 

threc leagues with n the Sea: and at the mouthes of them were manp ſmall Makes {et wplop 
markes: the hore here is plaine and landie, and the countrep very pleafant, 


Chap. 2. : 

Sailing along the coaft from the two aforefaid great Riuers,they difcouer three mouthesot 
ua ne a goodly Countrey, they come “ars Cabo Roxo,and take poffeffion of thofe 
countreys forthe cmperours Maieſty. A difcourfe of the faire hauens that are cali 

coaftes,and of very many Iflands which they faw, before they came to the Cape calle 

Capo de las Plaias. 

Dire wee failen along the coat the (pace. of 16. leagues, and in the midſt of this voyagt 
Tiber is a Bay very faire of 4.02 s leagues, hauing certaine bankes 02 fencesin tt,inbebol 
ding whereof we tooke great plealute. Che nig bt following we road in 20. fadome water, Che 


Che coattraw next day we followed our vopage toward the Frog, aud hauing lailed 3.07 q.icagtics te fen. 


meth MOD: g of lakes which entered into the land, where they became like fanding pootes, Gee tow 
— . from thele mouthes in 6. fadome water, to let u hat they were and lent bur bon 
with certaine men, to lee il there were any entry koꝛ our ſhips: lo halle a league from ſhoze * 


i Temi 
pare 1 Wchis cos 


Fran 
not pall a 
greene be 
fluarte wirt 
klare andy 
flight of chy 

good leat 

the toaſt cx 

not fo plea 

which we! 

at which tit 

we found a 

Allche coat 

great, with 
Wie appea 
in the land: 
becauſe the 
woe lailed on 
nnagreat he 
und certain 
from this ha 
(aid hauen. 
| which we en 
till it come ¢ 
thun to behe 
dllaltonied a 
tre not ta be 
Crane we 
allo wee fou 
pherein wer 
> mencofthe d 
Inthis place 
| of New Spai 
This Count 
bcautie there 
ted and kept e 
ſlea- hoe exce 
bad their nette 
ve were beca 
ktomthat day 
Cru ſtandeth 
> foxwarv we m 
the maine land 
bp the ſea. coal 

vneo bs on the! 

that this coaſt o 

panna, others 
the Nleſtward 
furt, that we al 
Capo de las Pla 


pad 


Ofthe Streit 
Countre 
wonder 
multitude 
Santa Crs 


ancis Ulloa, 


ny 
nD Wood, the pete! 
pling by the Ilg of 
empeſt wherein wee 
ranne as farte as the 
pinnelle called Sant 
Cruz in California: 
ignilied vnto vs that 
water inſomuchthat 
mecte together in 
we willed him torgs 


our owne. There, N , 
, a \obich(as far as we coulnviteerne mane bp 
e da the land: fr6 che mouch whereof fop the (pace of aleague into the Nabe ge 
s wer laled tlb J becaulerbelenvintyeakeverymuch, Here we lam wülhlu che land 3. o 4 riuers, Tintbis ore | 
rareataccompttig, fe weſalen an our bolagetothe JAopehtoard,e becaule wi ban not good Weather we roan that niapt — ities 
moet BE lee 
: ne im Pigs: inuing our courte toward the 33 
1 _ fromtbishauen, twe found an Aland of about one league in circutte ae Wache 
Aden in chemo 1 7 — e e a 10 duch ab harp tivo moutbes noche eg ine 
5 ; q e Fa seer mol mouth, which bach 10,02 12, favome becrea 
thine . dl nenen mapoole which tie Sea maketh, whi 
mpfarther mitinte , ching cobeholoe, fin there are fo ma entrances em wenmes amp baten cher alkrmnge 
ane to kehre kon J silaftoniepatche Light thereof; au tae auens are lo ellen wenne tbat ne mere 


ourſe wee foundtwa 


hauens are ſo excellentip framer by nature, as the like 
he River of ulli in b 


| atenot ta be feene in the wopla, wherein we foundgre th 
F) Casing went on hope any ecokepiietior n Stat ftove oF AG. Were wee anckered and the 


d. With many woos: a ee ef belong, Pere 
wenne , snpeccin weve ines pieces of earchen pots ¢e frst hole inspeing. Halt bn certagere Fin 

heſe Rivers well He f pots ag finely made ag thoſe in Spaine. ſhere by cõmande⸗ weares line 
2 mouthes spent mientofthe Captaine a Crofle was ereetep vpon an bill, and it was let hp by Francis Preciado, ft af Vi. 


ofe lakes were dt 
ur themſelues f anp 
r Dea, witha Pele 
m: who went chither, 
h. y made no accompt 
verppleaſant. hin 
e two Riucrs aretwo 
haue ſaide, zndbang 
among the reſt ute 
lake, as other Rur 
p chem: ts, having 
rs might be vifcernd 
mall Makes (et yplop 


Uher A; i a 
that this coat of santa Cruy iene hereupon moe began to be of diuers opinions, Come thinking 


the ettwarn, they were nothing elſe but Sands, which were to man 


uer three mouthesof And tu this Cope 
kepoffefionofthot I Capo dela Plains led (ome x5 ,leagues,aub called this Cape 3% 
ens that are onthole pitied 
me to the Cape called st Chap. 3. ö 5 

a the Strcight which they diſcoueted on the coaſt C uo d 1 
nang at il in and te li 
: „ in ; Mant hi ean 750 andofthe ebbing and flowing thereof; andof the 
0. itude 2 0 ich ew 2 21 2 12 2 
5 bean e dae va nds and lands, which extend theméclues Norchward from the hauen of 
Hae yom tentourint ME "7 O° Clotwing toe Cleo ntl wigbe wich fogoos wcsrter cee. 
adi wig bgt Tiss ca along tbe oe GllofUte er betrgt mo 20 Leng, 


age own haze tb op trees: and that nigbe toe 


ancked 


a lirme land, and i 
| panna, cbers thouniethecontratp, och that (¢iopned with the continent of Nueua El- Sometane 


d of Ca: 
we proceed 1 | : 
farce,chat we all began to wonder Ah Chis 5 . baning the land on both fives of vs, fo nothing tng ) 


r 


"TS, oe 


“goa TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, FrantisUloy, 


anckered'in 20,fatonté water. The next dap we followed our vopage beginning tu ante belthe 
$6 Sereight of bꝛeake ol bay Mozthweſtward, and toe came into the mot Of a Sevetgs oy mouth which wag), 
Diode ufen- leagues baad from one lund to the ocher, which Sireixdt had rwo Janos in the wAUe thercot he 
ceeding depth · ing 4 leagues biſtant the tne from the other: and here we diſcerned the countrey to be plaine a 
certaiue mbuntaines, v it emed that a rertaint gut of water like abpooke ran through the plan. 
Chis ſreight (as far ag we could pertelue) was very deep, for we contd linde no botomez and hett 
we lam the land ſtrerching alarre off from the one hore tothe other, and on the LClelberne thoye of 
the hauch ok S. Orur, the land was nore high wich verp bare mountalnes / The bay following we 
Che Strright p alled on our way to ware the Mozth, and failed ſome 15. leagues, and in che mivſt or our way be 
FETS bound s circuit 0p bap ok 6. lengues tuto che Land wich münp cooucs op creche and the nert ey ol 
e lowing tontinuing our courle we Catled ſome 10. leagues and the coat in this dayes ſourney ing 
üllol high mountalnes naked and bare without any tree. It is verp verpe hard by the Hire, any 
Ber e conttrdined to Kay by reaſon of the contraty winde. Che next mozning efi 
bꝛeahe se bap we (ailed MIN along the colt (o the Roth wet vntiltuening, and ranne about fony 
15. lengues. All along this Goze wee fale verp gvodly mounteines within the land and many 
2 plaines aud downes woch ſome kew tries, ¢ the (ea thoze was all (andp, In the midſt of this dy 
manta” courte we found certaine firtall rockes in the ſea 4. leagues diſtant from the maine, where the (ap 
und maketh a great point into the ſea, and here we ſtayed the reſt of the nigbt, where we had aye 
ty great ſbower of raine. Che dap following we proceeded on our bopage, and Called bntillnigy 
bp a tompalle op turning, ome 8,0 9 leagues, and law within land a kew mountaines hauing m 
trees vpon them, but the Sunne ſhining alwayes very cleave, as karre as wee could deſcry ty 
were very great, on the Meſterne . Cruz. Mere we Taped all nightie: 
cauife we found very ſballow water aid Came chefec dery white, zw in a maner like to chalet 
that we all beganne to marueile chereat, The dapfollowing wee went ſozward ageine slong he 
coat Mozthweltwarb, and lailed eight leagues, ard ſaw another land which ſtretched Ronhbelf 
anv wos full of high moumtaines. And Mill continuing thiscourte we learched very diligentyta 
lee ik thete were any pillage thꝛough betweene both che landes, for right forward wee ſawe n 
land. Ans thus ſayling wee alwayes found moze ſpallotw woter, and the Dea thicke, bucde end 
very muddie, and came at lengih into ſiue fabome water and ſeeing this, wee vetermined tops 
ouer to the land which wee had leene on the other fide, and here likewiſe wee found as little dit 
and leſſe, whereupon we rode all night in fue fadome water, and wee perceiued the Bento um 
with lo great a rage into the land that it was a thing much to be marueiled at, and with the len 
rp it returned backe againe with the ebbe; during which time wee found 1 1. ladonit witer m 
the flood ano ebbe continued from ſire to fire houres, 
The dap following the Captaine and Pilote went vp to the ſhippes top, and Carve all the lde 
full ot land in a great round tompaſle, and io pning it ſelke with the other Goze, and it was (oly, 
that whereas wee were a league from the fame wee could not well dilcerne it, and it ſeemedthit 
there was an inlet of the mouthes ok certe ine lakes, whereby the Dea went in and cut. Chere 
were biuers opinions amongſt vs, and ſome thought that that current entered into thoſe likes, 
and allo that ſome great Niuer there might be the cauſe thereof. And when we could perceiueno 
pallage though. nor could diſcerne the councrep to be inhabited the Captsine accompanird wih 
certaine of vs went to take poſleſſion thereof, The fame dap with the ebbe of the Seawer fil 
pone from the other coaſt krom the fine ol Nueua Eſpanna, though alwapes we had in ligheile 
firme land on the one five of vs, ond the other Illands on our left bande, on the fine ofthepntol 
Santa Cruz ſituate on the IUeſterne ſhoze: fo) on that fine there are fo many Iſlands adlinds, 
ſo farre as we could de ſcry, that it was greatly to be wondered at: for fromthe ſaid henne da. 
ta Cru, and from the coaſt of Culiecan we had alwapes in a maner lend on both finesofve,and | 
that fo great a countrey, that I ſuppoſe it it ſhoulo fo continue further inwarde, there is counttep 
pnough for many peeres to conquer. This day wee had the winde tontrary. end cet ancker dnt 
the flood increaled, which was in ihe afternoone, and then wee fet ſaile likt wile wü contrary 
winde vntill midnight, and then caſt ancker. 5 
The next day wee departed, chapeng our courſe along the toaſt Southwell, vntillmanigtt 
with little winde, end wer ſawe wi hin the land high mouneaines with {ome crenings yd wa 
made way lome thee leagues, and all the nert night wee were bt calme d, and the next dcp We cow 


kinued onr courſe but al ttle while, fo we Cailen not aboue fine leagues, nv all the nigbt terebo mg, 


calmed, and lame the londe Cull of bare end high mountaine. and on our left hande wer deicturiſf 
plaine countrey, and ſadu in the night tertaine fives, Clap 


rantis Ullog, 
zinning to fale before 
mouth wich wag 
ithe mul thercot hy, 
rep to be plaine am 
an though the plaine, 
e no botomt; and here 
he lederne hope of 
Lhe bay following ue 
midſt of our way we 
and the next Dap ill 
is dayes iourney ing 
hard by the Hoye, an 
c next moꝛning bef 
and rannt about fony 
in the land, and m 
the midlt of this dag 
maine, where the fay 
bt, where we had ates 
and ſailed dntill niggy 
nountaines hauingm 
wee tould deſtty ty 
we ſtaxed all night ie: 
naner like to chilke (s 
ward ageine along the 
ſtretched Morbi, 
bed very diligenlyto 
forward wee ſawe d 
ea thicke, blacke zd 
ee determined topiſſ 
e found as little dent 
ued the Sen to m 
it, and with the liketys 
11 fabome water m 


and ſawe all the lanne 
ze, and it was ſo uw, 
¢ it, and it ſeemedtht 
nt in and ut. Chere 
tered into those likes, 
Awe could perceiueno 
ine actompanitd with 
be of the Seater fil 
pes we had in lighibe 
n the fine ofthepotot 
my Iſlands enolands, 
ithe fain heuti- 


on both ſides ol and 


garde, there is counttep 
v, end coſt ancker dnt 


üht wile wih contrary 


fe hande wet delcrude f 


Chap, 


cteuerpok thole (mokes, whereat wee were all not a little amazed. 


tun themſelues vp allapled vs with their feete in a ſquadzon, and ouertl 


EB their fiſbes, whereof we cocke thꝛee oz foure dozen. 


| Fransifoa de Udo Traffiques, and Difcouerics, 


They andiypon an Mand to diſcouer the fame and there they fee many fires, Wichert 
1 e many Seale-fiſnes. Here they take ga rade’ e 
; notvaderQand his language, Running along they difcouer another IMland, and cake 


ofteflion therof for the mperours Maieſtie, anda great h i i 
——— eee dora The hagfs Bre 1 inthe firme land, which 


Wa 4 Ae 
he nert dap following our courte we law a great hauen with an Aland int i 
I crolle-boww whoote ofthe firme land and in this Alland and on the fine bait 8 Sin 115 
: ny ſmokes by the iudgement of all the company ; wherefore the captaine thought good that wee 
© thould goe on land to know the certainty of thele lmokes and fires, himſelfe taking ten oz twelue Burning 
elbe withaboate in his company : and going on ſheze in the and , we kound that the finokes wountanies. 
> procecdeb out of certaine mountaines and breaches of burned earth, whereout altended into the 
ute certaine cinders and alhes which mounted vp tu the middle region of the aire, luch great 
> quancisie, that we could not eſteeme lelle then twenty lodes of woad to bee burned for the cauling 


AJutbis Aland were luch abundance of Sealeg, as it was wonderful, Der 
5 anphilledageeat number of theſe Seals, with whom we had bnerrabtefe bee 14 5 
mand ande done another fo well, that it was range to behold; foz it fell out, that while we were 
occupied in killing ſome of them with ſtaues, thep allembled twentie o2 thirty together, and lif: Abundanct of 
f e ; Seales, 

© companyen the ground: ‘whereupon letting goe thole which they had in ben ne sfour 

the orbcraelcapen vs and went into the ſea, howbeit wee killed good ttoze of them which were 
ſolatte as ic was wonderkull: and when we opened ſome ok them to haue their liuers we found 
=) certaine mall blacke tones in their bodies, whercat wee much marueiled. The next dap wee 
tode at anker here fog lacke of good weather to faple withall: whereupon the Captaine 4 
x 1 thaze with nine op ten in his company, to ſee whether there were anp peoplethere 
oz any ligne of people that had bene there, and they found on the maine land leuen oz eight Indi⸗ 
uns libeto Ohichimec as, which were gone a fiſhing, and had a ratt ok canes; 


wey eſpied vs anne away and betooke themfelues to flight, but being purſued eee 


bbe, i A tater canes 
we tovke oneot chem whole language was fo ſtrange that wee could by no ae c 


bim bis clothing was nothing at all, or he was ltarke naked. Chete pe Ps under 
ter in bortelp mane of beats Ching, thep£ithgn with bockes of bone, pila ende hee trate 
The In nan which we had taken Ceeing binteife in dur hands did nothin N ol bone. 
Captaine called him, and made much of him, giuing him cerca; but weene⸗ but the 
ober ofoure, md thon ler him 55 man giuing im ceveaine beaves, with abr aneecstaing 


bus, be declared onto them 


b> webad giuen bim: 


N ed not to ſtay for them eſpe⸗ 

This countrey hath on the fea- Coat high 75 

j es like unto our bꝛoomes, oz like vnto woods 
Thenext day wee with berp 


th bey 


behalf and paſſed begweene 
baum in the firme lan wee fata 
Captaine 


hour 


two 


wo Jndians place where our 1 4 rode, and where we han ſeene the fires, and we found two Indians of exe 
dage Gaturs, ding huge Mature, io that they tauled vs greatly to wonder; thepcaried theilt bo wes and arte 
in rheir hands, and as foone as they ſaw vs leap on (hore they ran away, and wer followed th 
vnto their dwellings and lodgings, which were certaine cottages and howers couered With 
boughs, and there we found great and final feps of many people, bus they had no kind olli 
tuals but onelp cuttle· liches which wee found there. Che countrey toward the fea lide fern 
but barren, foʒ we law neither trees nor greene graſle there, pet were there tertaine ſmal pathes 
not well beaten, and along the fea-coatt we ſaw many tracts of vogges, hares, and conieg,anp i 
Abende gin certalue fall Allands neere vnto the maine we lam Seale-Lithes, Chis hauen is called Ang 
Aude 1 de Sant Andres. 


402 The Englifh Voyages, &. Franci/co de Ulloa, 


re . / AAA rece ae 
two boates we went fifteen 02 twenty ol vs vnto certaine crooked ſtrands two leagues from the 


Chap. 5. 


They diſcouer a mountainous Ifland very great, and neere vnto it certaine other Ming 
witha goodly greene and pleafant countrey, They haue fight of certaine Indiansig 
Canoas of canes, whofe language founded like the Flemifh tongue, with whome they 
could not haue any traffique. 


1 great Band 1 next day we proceeded on our vopage, fapling bet weene the maine and an Bano wic 


hep returne 
from the bots 
tome ofthe gu 


we luppoſe to be in circuit about a bundzeth oꝛ eighty leagues, fapling ſometimes with, 
one, and ſometimes within two leegues ok the maine. The foile of this Illand is of cerun 
mountaines not very ſteepe with caues in them, and as karre as wee could delcrie by the cout, 
there appeared no ligne ok anp plaine countrey. here from this day foz ward wee began tober 


kraid, conſidering that we were to returne to the port ol Santa Cruz; for it was ſuppoſed that al 


along this mighty gulke from the entrance in at Culiacan vntil the returning backe oniothefaiy 
hauen, was all firme land, and alfo becaufe wee had the firme land alwayes on our naht hand 
and it goeth round circle-wife vnto the ſayd hauen; but many thought and hoped thut we thouty 
finde ſome mouth oz out. let, whereby wee might paſſe thꝛough onto the other coalt, ahnt ow 
ſucceſſe was we will declare in the relation following. 

The next day being Thurldap wee layled withſcant winde, for it was almoſt calme, and gi 


r led beyond that great Illand, hauing firme land alwayes on our right hand, and toaling 


ol California. J ſapd) very neere vnto it. The next dap like wiſe we ſayled with little winde, it being inamm 


ner calme, and paſſed neere vnto the ſhoꝛe by certaine round baies, and certaine points which 
land made, which was pleaſant to behold being ſomewhut greene, and there leemed to be fom 
creeke there. This Friday at night wee layled altogether witha freſh gale, and at bpcakeof 
day wee were bet weene the maine land, and an Mand on dür lekt hand, which was lum hlt 


Another Ad hig, as karre as we could diſcerne. There was a great bap in the firme land, and before tun 


à point which ſtretched farre into the lea. The firme land ſeemed to bee much kreſher ano plea 
ſanter then thoſe lands which we had paſled, hauing many bankes and hilles of indifferent height 
and beautifull to behold. ‘ 

Che countrey (as farre as wee could diſcerne) was fo pleafant and delightfull, that weal 
deſired to goe on ſhoꝛe, and to ſearch vp into it two oꝛthꝛee dayes iournep to lee whether it unt 
inhabited oz not. Mee ſaw within the land of that bay t wo fires. The night following being 
Saturday we fatlev continuallp with a pꝛolperous and freſh gale, and the wind was fo great that 
we dꝛew our bonet to our maine ſaple, and ſaylev ſo till the moꝛning. 


On Sundaythe twellthof October we found our felues altogether intlolev with lanv,onthe fi 
right hand with the maine, which compatlen vs before and behinde, and on the left hand wichen 


Illand ot a league and a halfe; and betweene the maine and the Illand in the midſt oftyetea 
chere lay a lmall Allet, and alſo bet weenethe layd maine and the Wand there were two mouths, 
though which there appeared a paſſage whereby afterwad we palſed through, Chis maine wis 
much moꝛe freth and greene then the other which wee hav paſſed, and had certaine plaines am 
points of mountaines of pleaſant vie w, and full of greene graſſe. Pere all this night wefawewe 


oz thꝛee witiages which were very great, and at bꝛeake of day we law a Canoa oz boate mancot i 
Canes, which came trom the land out oka treeke, and wee food Mill vntill it tame neere vnto n 


in che ſhip. and they began to ſpeake in their language which nomen vnderſtaag. whoſe monun 
tiation was like to the Flemings, and being called they returned with great hatte vnto the hoy, 
and we were very [opp becaule our boate had not followed them. 

Here happened vnto vs a very trance thing, which was, that as this Indian returnet : . 


with ſpeede 

retired, hee 
allo went wi 
hope wich ſo 
8 lelle our mei 
the Canas ſe 
do take him. 
ſo deteiued th 
tame blowes 
beroſe up abt 
/ Belenwuithia! 
| hethorepanr 
 onimithio.ady 
dians with bot 
| onthores thet 
colour, Dur 
toes, ret 
) Departen, 
This dap tt 
> tove kromthel 
> lay neereynto 
we diſemboqu 
whereupon a n 


kanne through. 
‘ ſapfles farce fro 


They difcouer 
they fay 
Cruz,, wh 
in waite for 
haue a peril 
throwdes, 
Cour comin 
auironen wi 


ifco de Ulloa, 


— 
two leagues from 
two Indians of excit 
it bo wes and artodez 
ind wer followed them 
ho wers couered ty, 

bey had no kind of, 
rd the ſea Ude ferry, 
etertaine {inal puh 
res, AND Contes, nd n 
hauen is called Ancon 


ertaine other Iſlnch 
of certaine Indiansiy 
e, with whome thy 


und an Illand hip 
ing ſometimes wihn 
Alland is of cerum 
id delcrie by the rout, 
rd wee began to ber. 
was ſuppoſes that al 
ng backe vntothe aid 
pes on our night hand 
d hoped that we ſhould 
her coatt, Mat ow 


almoſt calme, and pi. 
and, and coating /ag 
nde, it being in ann 
taine points whichch 
ere Leemed to be lone 
ale, aud at bpcake of 
which was ſom what 
nd, and before it tas 
uch kreſher any pleas 
8 of indifferent height, 


lightfull, that weed 
to ſee whether it unt 
night Following being 
pind was fo geeat that 


Tofen with land, onthe 
nthe left hand wich n 
in the midſt oftyetea 
re were two monthes, 
gh. This maine was 
certaine plaines an 
this night welswews 


anon o; beate made ol 


it tame neere vnto h 


Noa, whoſe monue f 


at hatte vnto the hort, 
Indian returnet to the 
fhoye 


fhope in certaine of chefe creekes where a 
that pare, me fatue fiue Canoas ilſue U bed — one 
bee whaccbey wont due. Au she mene while ouc dumitg 


doe Canoe: would doe. Sin she meane inbile we cad anker, expecting 
bone, ant to ſurniſh the fametwitho Ars den @enerall emma 
eirſiue Canoas approcbeo, within ane oztwo ſtones c 


tetired, he tammanded fire mariners : 
alfo went with them wit n 


; ir : 1 
wponhim ber fil diued waver asec mit eset astbep 


| Belentithiadoud vopce, and ſa they purſued him, vnd ſtrook TAN rung 
tteſboye, and be alwapes went calling the rel okt eat Ginetiones being vere neece 
von withio a ſhozt while alter thyee 1 pity ac ve Come att) sips 


Departed, 12250 
„ Chishop the wind Chanced, and we ferutved 
wee fromthe fim ind toward the Al want 


fo ompatted with land, bau 
ber bebinde vs, andon our kigbt lide and » bauing the continent bee 
| moutbes beforementionen, NCD ete aa ote oa ao Ba aa rt 
And the Gcuation of the counteey ; ceiopcing al of ye ales 
Bane ore t Reo an gerne anh Falte ne g, 
e was rech and delectable, but not very bing, 100, Sram which wer 


A viverra ui tend, Likewite che bites hich ween gh. . — 


bownesmade a very pleaſan ˖ 
, — ner anes, efpectallp becaute toe fungen tba 


Chap. 6. 


By dlcouera very great bay with foure ſf 5 
8 NT 5 
“Tabs fayle ston and desde Manders contested a poffeffion, 
raz, whete not 0 et an 100 tothe port of Santa 


in waite for them at a place called Thewetef ees d nde pr ny 


ee gtempe®, whi e, ey departed thence, The: 
wle. BTS, Which ceadaherthey had feene light Ga ther 


A Cone conuning out of tbeſe ape 


Frandiſen de Ulloa: Traffiques and Difcouerigs, = 


i te bbe al bab ene bry, ety eng enen gun e eld 
‘che. amd men to trie ff me could bp a ‘ 
blthem, that me might come to ſome knowlenge aup meanes take lome 

i ou ides, u perla hp of eur hocken ano beevg meter? Gee a ee of 


of us, and chen 
 Toude hatabsin a very frange language lwapes OF RS, and then began to ver 
with ſpeede. ben our aaa scar neh a dane, tetire ines 


mn cer⸗ 
were about to lep handes 


bea termine 
Fit up aboue the water bee alle tobte felowes which en athena and as 


mound of out people with 
conunanden 2 
5 vs immedtateip to fet apie, ld koozthwith mee 


the fozeleyd place, and our Quer, 
lang, and 4 — — aun Numa 
we dilembogued out ot that chanell we law certaine Mbp big eth gale, Anup. before 


openings we began te andes Bay wir 4 
Auiconco wich Diners Intl belles bauing bun Bey with a very great hauen, u great pene 
hauing vp 8 


An 


— 


The Engl Voyages Kc. Frunciſco ue Vila. 


ſed. And 
nine ‘of the c 


tenguies 


| out great deſſ 
: being afflicted 


whith 
not atittle grieued. 
it: fop froin the hauen al Acapute 
of Sunes atwapes the 1 — 
aud ede prea turx em ol the we & ren (ea; 
ca is white J 7 it were canfertibp a riu 
3 e loled vp without pallage. 


Crux, 
God. 
Chey arriueat entred 
ebe bauen of take in 


Santa Cruz. P 


id Bent em of um tp twit „5 


ro de Ui log, 


Francifeo de Vlloa. Traffiques, and Difcoueries, 


he which was like 495 
: ‘chi 5 
0 lay in ambuch in a place which is called The well of Grijalua, where we fa 5 
pete Mia — eertaine an or wwapes, and could neuce fee opvefetie anp one Invi u theretine * nt 
* bunt with tusneD to our fhips, with iwo matiue-dogs whichwe carien with ba tocatch the And fies ts date 
—— 1 14 
loge wa Let lark, dout ofthe thickets, and ſleda alten be 
’ map, and wee ranne aft 1 
. and out bogges fato them not: wherefoze by realon of the thicknes of the wilde thitles. arnt 11 
monies wer um dhe tbopnes andbypars, and be caule we were Weary, we could neuer ouertake them: chey left be- Meade more e. 
deede) node plaine bannt them certatne umes (0 finely wwougbe chat thep were erk beautifull to behold, confines crac | 
hich twas beton ring how conan gly they were made with a handle and 4 code to fling them. 
whitey we had put Che nine n twentieth of October being Gteonetoap, we ter faple out of this hauen ol San. 
ACreoveloay abou taCruz with tiie winde, and in fapling downe the chanell our ſhippe called the Trinitie came 
deen leuen anne n 
creckes oz thea 
e was very green, 
ound before, hen 
led vp one of thut 
es OF that riner they 
. — 
. The Came 
in ele feed gal un mocteded on dur tom N 7 5 
; > our voyage, 

. pos to the maine fea, to ſee whether it would pleaſe God to let yg dne the lerer this 
wee carne befaeihe point. Bue whether it pleaſed not his great goodneſſe, oz whether it were for our firmes, wee 
uentalnoustatherce bpent eighe dayes from this poꝛt, before we could double the poynt, by reaſon ol contrary winds 
r left hand wel f MD grent raine, and lightning and dackeneſſe euerx night: allo the windes grew ſo raging and 
cemen tha beyw Ae tempeltuous, that they made vs all to quake, and to pꝛap continuallp vnto God to ayde bs. And 
dale in goodboyr . Hetewpon wee mane out cables and ankerg reap zandtze chiefe Plot tanmanded vs with all 
peCame ponvue Me Speeneto taſt anker, and in this ſozte we paſſedour troubles: and whe 
apo hauen ol Sante 
ep ſought out theilt 
Afearchen at the lu isbe (evs to 4 7 dap, not with⸗ 

being aftitcten with the mileries which wee ndureo bp tenſon of t , Igbenvintz 
ö day at ee P bee ers, li 5 
ge rd : he raine, wherewith we were wet From toppe to toe, bp teafon of the tople which sn ening, an 
us part when ing and cating ofour ankers 
mountaines mil, 
is all ttrmelnn 
th it krom the mum, 
in this vopage wee 
cannot wellen 
and twemy mae 
until we camer iht 
the ſecret ofthiscuts 
t the ele 
e game, alete 
hauen of 1 
res made bythe 
asthe bauen of io Whe od et ei ey Chap. 7, 
it was, il it ung on their way t ifcouer a pleaſant C 
(hein; As wee inhabited, and inde ohe Sea-coa Grd ae 


ia 15 and in their iudgement greatly 
gp there eight bairsto Ifle ofperies. And by 2 current one heis Mine ino ent fo difcouer oF viewe the 


bt ürengthen andre 4 at ioy after three dayes they had 2 iniptisfeparated from the other, and wich 


ht again of 8 0 
ments of taff ey couer certaine great, greene, and Reale shine following their oyage they 
chould gue on land te, 
hat we mea VW Eitepanto tpteatong the coat ee fe 
cue ip brug “ V enn very greene wich Gtatlepleafant ra cbt ol Rowember, he lndalhapeg Aonemter, 


ta behold, and certaine plainex ntert the thoze, 
Lis; and 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Francifcode Ulloa, 


TE ee a 
and vp within the countrep many plealant bls replenithed with wood, and certaine valleys, (9 
that wee were delighrenavoue mealure,and wondered at the greatnes and goodly bie w of rhe 
countrey + @ euery night we faw fires, which heweo that che countrep is greatly inhabited. Thus 
we proceeded on our voyage vntill the tenth of the layd moneth of Mouember, hauing alwaym 
dane at hacks the coaſt ol ehe mae Deean on our right hand, and the farther we ſailed, wee alwayes found ih 
AdeofCabtorma cquntrep mare delightfomc and plealant, as well in beholding the greennes therol, as allo in ih 
California, lt ſhewed certaine plaines and deepe valleys, though which riuers did fall downe into the land, 
wit hin certame mountaincs, and billes full orgreat woods which were not very High, and appey 
red within the tountrey. Pere we were 34 leagues diſlant from California little moge o tefl, 
alwapes toward the Southweſt, ſeriug in the night thace oz fours fires, whereby it appearny 
that the cauntrey is inhabited, and full of people, fop the greatnes ol the tauntrey argueth no let: 
and we luppoſed that there muit needs bee great cownes inhabited within the land, althoughu 
this poynt we were of duers opintons. The fea is fo deepe on all this coak that we could (carry 
find ground in 54 kadomes. On the greater part of the coaſt there are hilles ol very white liyp, 
and it ſeemeth to be a dangerous coall, becaule ofthe great and Cwift tives which goe there in 
the land ſhewe ih lo much for the {pace of ten oz twelue leagues, fo; ſo the Pilots affirmed, Chg 
dap being saturday che winde increaſed, and wee had fight of the Ille of pearles, whichn 
this ide or the guife appeareth with a deepe valley all coucred ouct with trees, and hebe 
muchfairce then on the other ide, and wee entred into the Pozte of Santa Cruz. Fromiy 
ninth of Mouember co the fifecenth we Capleo not aboue tenne leagues, becauſe we had contrary 
winds, and great ſhowzts: and belides this we had another milchance which did not a Little gau 
vs: kn wee loft company of the ſbip called The Trinitie, and could neuer Cee her foz the (pace 
ok tinee dayes, whereupon wee lulpected that (hee was returned home unte New Spaine, 9) 
that (he was ſeuered from our company; whercfoze we were grieued out of mealure to ſce cut 
Celuesfoleft alone, and the Captaine of all otbers was mot fav, though he ceaſed nottoencoys 
rage vs to proceede on our vopage, laying that notwichſtanding all this wee ought nat talent 
off this enterppile which we had begunne, and that though we were left alone we ſhoulddelerne 
the greater commendation and credit e: whereupon wee all aulwered him, that wee would un 
haue hinithinke that any ol os would euer be difcouraged, but that we would follow him dul 
hee ſhould thinke it reafonable that we hould not pꝛoceede any further in the enterpzile, anche 
we were in danger ok periſhing, aud that vntul then wee would bee at his commandement: ue 
withall we perfwaded hin that alter he had leene any great difficulty to pꝛoteede any further e 
ſhould doe well to returne backe to make relation ot our ſuccelle to the R. H. loꝛd the Marques 
de valle. Wereupon he made an Opation vate vs, wherein be told vs, that he could not bellu, 
much leſſe coulo imagine, whereloze the ſhippe called the Trinitie ſhould returne into Nene 
Spaine, no; why fhe ſhauld willingly Depart {rom vs, and goe vnro any other place, andeharhe 
thought by all reaſon, that ſome current had caried her out of our fight, and that through cons 
trarp weather and tempeſts fhe could not fetch vs vp, and that not withſtanding all that which we 
had done in the voyage. he had an inuruc: ion, that ik by chance we were leparated one fromtbe o 
ther, wee were to take this courſe to mecte againe together, namely to returne backetighen 
tenne leagues to ſeeke one another, bepond certaine head. lands which lay out into the fea, m 
that thtrekoze we ſhould doe well io returne to ſecke her vp. This ſentence pleaſed vs al ml 
returning to lecke her, we elpied her two leagues diſtant from vs, comming toward vo wihs 
kreſh gale ol winde, whereat we greatly reioyced. 

Thus being come together we ankered ko that dap, becauſe the weather feemed vem tutte 
ry, and the Captaine chid them for thett negugente in lapling, becaule they hab in luch ita 
our company; and they excuſed themlelues, that they toulo doe no leſle, becauſe a current hance 
tied them away aboue thꝛee leagues, v herebythey could neuer reach ato vs. The nertog 
being the lireteenth of Mouember wee fet fozward, but ſapled veep little, fo2 the Monnhem 
orth wel winds were againſt vs. Pere we diſcouercd certatne plaines, in my iudgement vty 
great and greene, and right before vs we could not pifcerne any mount aines oz woods , wr 
at wee marueiled to (ee ſo great a countrey. And wee met an Indian in a Canoa cn the ln 
whereon the fea did byeake , who ſlayed to beholde vs a gr. at while, and oftentimes hee litter 
himlelte to view vs the better, then returned backe along the coat : we vled al diligence to la 
whether he would come out lurther from the ſhoze, to giue him chace, and to trie whether wet 

catch him, but he very cunningly viewed vs without comming ucere vnto vs, and returned tot 
ſhoze with bis Canoa. Pere we ſam inthe euening but one fire, and wid not whether it were dan 
by the cumming of the Indians, becauſe they would not haue vs know that there were people chert, 


rom hence 
o ward they 
faite on the wee 


Iflade perlas, 


A current, 


— 


Fran 
oz that it 
we could! 
found our 
the 24 Dap 
Countrey 
the mint l 
fant chan 
gaod paſtu 
hin of gra 
on the righ 
ſhe web to b 
and faire, a 


One of i 
her e 
lake. 
Chia 
byt 


fome 


. he 26 
9 created 
n which the 
with the No 
dſtllo vs gree 
i left alone, an 
grieued va n 
hit il we tho 
low our vopa 
day we law a 
dtretched on 
grew alwayt 
Ahereupon 
bitherto we fe 

with much tre 

and benefite o 
ilweyes ſaw e 


ea 


9 


. 


nee in the mid 
ment) was abo 


| tioned, And tt 
which fofoone 
bs great quant 
found a filhing 
they were fo g 
allo on the fan 
bs that at the (a 
lake, Chey cor 
trended to the Zi 


[code Ulloa, 


Franciſco de Ulloa. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


kertatte walleye tp opthatitmasfotndeede, From the ald 16 bay of Te ge 

oul l p of Mouem 
oh pa br t — — not proceede on our way aboue 12 ch 15 leagues: ! ong aime monet 
— bauing — the — — the xaguges ol the port of Santa Cruz about g ur Mea · chart, we 
te alwapes founnite 1 P erp carly in the 
therol, as allo in ihn 


be into the land, 
Jer phigh, and apper 
i b p ſhogt and gre , ge what 
8 on the right hand made a bay into a valley which — — — he — he hele plaines 
as — Hoh ts ſhewed to be alplaines without anp thitles o2 wee des, but full of alle aine: the reſt 
’ bin and faire, as J haue ſaid. Malle good fo2 cattel very green 
that we could ſcaunt 
es ol very white fan, 


s which goe there, fp 
lots affirines, Tyg 
ofpearles, whichn 
trees, and (heweh 
nta Cruz. Fromely 
ule we bad contrary 


8 Chap. 8 
One of their ſnips by tempeſt was feparated rom 
mth f i 
5 3 b ¢reporteth that the hind (uescheth . oft 3 
sir ¢ vig leds diuers iudgements touching the ftate of this coaft inhabi.ed be 
: ideen enter into an hauen to take in freth water and are ſud ff 
y two fquadrons of Indians, They defend Sapte i ha 


se his fouldi¢es are griewoully iene valiantly,and the Captaine with 


| 15 not a little gau He 
r ſee her for the ur he 26 of this moneth being eMednelda 

0 y at night the 37 nes 
1 Mer 1 Tante moze and moze fo greatly that it put vs tonaneh ete fe 1 8 oe 
1 iru in which the Sea was alwapes boiterous; and this night againe we loll the rie nued two daycs 
ae , withthe Kontd winde aloze laldcand we bad light of her on munday ll rinity being beaten 
ee dught nutolen f allofvs greatly agrieued, both C the 24) wherewith we were 
one we ſhoulddeleme 8 
, ge — — 
ould follow him cher il we houlo leeſe the Trini ea, imagine 
yeenterppite, üs be Trinity, oꝛ it any midhap ſhould fall vnto vs, we ſhould not be pi fol 


commandement: ug 
oceede any further, h 
H. Topo the Marques 
t he could not belcw, 
Id returne into Neze 
ther place, andthathe 
and that through cons 
ding all that which we 
arated one fromthe o 
returne backecighto 
v out into the ſea, m 
e pleaſed vs all, ale 


du weſewa Countrey with high mountalnes toward the op iwetva wy fake dal Ss sore 
Opepweit, 


ning toward ys wie Mother ki 
bd her kinde: koꝛ at the point of thoſe mountal 

oma St pre ey tac ae e Sa 
ey had in Cuch lau allo on the fain poiut a fF bed feel oe u n. Shep krund % 
. p ountaine of freth water which deſcended from thofe hilles, ann they told 
mito vs. The nertoy 
tle, for the Noubm re ; 
in my iudgement veep we ſhould linde a good Countrey. Thi ping 
17 iy N 4 an . — 5 1 0 5 to put ſome men on ſhoze: and mai his he 

Pat the Nozth that we could not tt : 
ktentimes hee lifter vere conſtrained to put i ame wan warn uberenpen wee 
iron citigence wf i put further into the Sea, and returned the lame way backe againe — the 


wich mu 
otriewbetber weer Be Tp abor, anv came ta am anker a great wap thre of the 
ebene —— 
whether it were grieucoes not a little fecing the weather fo conte, 1 de tei 
90 ˖ ary. hoping alwayes that it w 
here were people 5 lune winde would blow krom the thoze , whereby we might — 8 — — 


kreſh 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Franciſco de Ulloa, 


freth water, and to ſearch whether there were any people about thot lake, Pere we Lap from ig 
26 of the laide moneth till the 29, daiuing vp and downe the Sea, winding in by little and little 
vntill we had got ten vnder the ſhelter of thole mountaines: which being obtapned wee rode the 
fap 29 of the moneth halle a league From thole wooddy mount aines, which we had ſeene in the 
Mea, Wie taped in this place at our safe all the Sunday, and Iuan Callilio the chiefe Pl 
went that day in the bote on ſhoze with ſeuen in his company, and they landed neers the Dea un 
on a certaine low ground they found foure 07 fiue Indians Chichimecas of great ſtature, any 
went toward them, who fled away like Deere that had beene chaſed. After this the Pilot went 
a little way along the Mea - Hoge, and then returned to his boate, and by that time he was ent 
red thereinto, he faw about fifteene Indians of great ſtature alſo, with their bowes and arroweg 
which called vnto him with a loude and rong voice, making fignes with their bowes; but ihe 
Pilot made no account of their gellure, but rather returned tothe ſbippes, and declared what ha 
paleo betweene hun and the Indians, The fame day the Captaine connnaunded that our calke 
ſhould be made readie againſt the next mozning to take in water, for in both the ſhippes then 
were about fiue and twentie buttes emptie. Che lirſt of December, and the fecond day in the 
mozmnung the Captaine went with both the barkes on ſhoze with ſome dozen fouldiers, and thy 
greateſt part of the Mariners which laboured in filling of water, leauing in the ſhippes as nn 
ny as were needefull, and as ſoone as wee were come on (hore at the watc ring place theca 
taine cauſed the buttes to be taken out, to the ende they might be filleo with water, and whip 
they returned to ketch the batrels and hogsheads of the heppe, the Captaine walked a tume g 
two vpon the ſhoze for the (pace of one 02 two croſſebow foots , and akter warde we went vp tn 
ctrtaine of thoſe mount aines, to view the diſpoſition of the countrep , and in trueth we found e 
in that place very bad to our iudgement, fop it was very ragged, full ol woods and caues, mo ſo 
ſtonie, that we had much adoe to goe. Being come vnto the top we found certaine final ilies 
full of woods, and cliffes that were not ſo craggie, although very troubleſome to climbe wy; any 
while we looked from theſe little hilles, we could not dilcerne any moze mountaines, but tathet 
iudged that krom that place foꝛward there were great piaines, The Captaine would not ſufftt 
vs to goe any lurther, becuuſe in thole places we had ler ne certaine Indians which Ceemen tu be 
ſpies, and warning vs thereof he commanded vs to retire vnto the ſhoze, where we were to tale 
in water, and to diſpatch our buſineſſe quickly, and appointed vs to make certaine pits, that our 


buts might move eaſilp be lilled with water. And ſetting our Guardes oz Centinels we begann 
u. Fithing place to fill water. In the meane while the Captaine tooke certaine ſouldiers, and went to thetopof 
and a lab of an high hill, rom whence he deſerped a great part of the Sea, and a lake which is within the land: 


zo leagues 


konpalle. ko; the Dea entereth in the {pice of a league, and there is a good ſiſhing place round about: andthe 


lake was fo great, hat it ſeemed vnto vs to be very neere 30 leagues in compaſſe, fop we couly 
not diſcerne the end thereok. Chen we came downe with no leſſe trouble then wee had mounud 
vp vnto the hill, by realon ol the ſteepeneſle ok the place, and Come tumbled Downe with no dall 
laughter of the reſt. And being come ſome what late to our watering place ( fo2 it was thenpatt 
noone) we ſet our ſelues to dinner, alwapes appointing ſome of our company in Centinell, vn 
till we were called to dinner, and when ſome were called two others were appointed in theie 
roomes. And about two of the clocke after dinner, the Captaine and the ref luſpecting uo dan 
ger of aſlalt of Indians, both becauſe the place ſeemed not to be ſit for it, as alſo foꝛ that we had 
b fet our Centinels at the pallages; two ſquadꝛons of Indians came vpon vs very Cecretly and 
lait u the In · Uertlp ,for one came by the great valley through which che water ranne which we tooke, ute 
dens with other tame by a part of that great bili which we had alcended to (ee the lake, and all of themcame 
end ſiaues. lo couertly, that our Centinels could neither fee nop heare them; and wee had not perceued 
them, ik a ſouldier by chance lifting, vp his eyes had not Capde, Arme, Arme, my matters, ian 
many Indians come vpon vs, Chen we heard this the Captaine lcapt vp in a great rage, be 
caufe the guards were changed out of their place: and with his [woꝛd and target, being follow: 
ed by a ſouldier, whole name was Haro, and afterward by the reſt, he and the laid ſouldier went 
toward a little gate of certaine ſtones, whither the reſt of vs were to follow him: fop if the 
Indians had gotten that place from vs, we ſhould haue incurred great danger, andthe grea 
teſt part of vs had like to haue beene flaine, and none coulo haue eſcaped but ſuch as by chance 
could haue leapt into the boates, anv che cide went fo high, that none could be laued but {uch 


as mete moſt crcelicns immers. “Sut at lengih the Captaine belttertd himſelke very nin 


bly, ving all teleritie that mas pollible, T hereloze when he and Haro had wonne the gate, the 
reſt of the foulbiers gate vp alter them, and the Captatne and Haro turned themſelues to the 


Indians and made head again chem, and the Andians allailed them with ſuch numbers a 
Arrowes, 


in the legge 
do, and ttt 
Captatne, fi 
— 
them t 
mindes, and 
theltered out 


did not a little 
ded into their 
from the vppe 
were of opinio 


ps all, fo chert 


ſhe other quar 


und from tea 


food ttl ont 
on anp five ; fo 
| Ded with z arr 
in the five attat 
vs; fon he ſet u 

nparrowes be 


toſhoortheir art 


Indians know ¢ 
| fitcouragentone, | 
on this hill, that 


baer axainſt them 
on this bill, for no 
their Fores + wet 
oftheir Fore wher 


— ee 

ſco de Ulloa, | Frandiſco de Vllos. Traſſiques and Difcousrias, 405 
ee | 

Dere we lay from arrowes,¢ laucling (which was a Cravure P 

in bp lutle ano the Capeaine hadon bis at me, ano (euro aan aes Ce acu 

mynd. —— pn nah OE 00h dect i, tt veep patietutb once Him, Whg ties 

we een 7 cone H. f 

ilio the chile Bis witha one, that they thzew bin flat vydn a70 ned wan on che other Coe lo 

dneere the Dea m n —— 

great ſtature, and ou Another arrow came and ſer hot hentqutce 

t * — * Pilot weng 4 1112 on he lelt al ann wedebaling. 3 bee a 

at time he was ent 0, / e ; . 

bowes and . Caycatnefoping vnd hum Mie, withorwe pourteite, — cote lefe hand of the 

beit bowes ; but i mayed; fo} they are but Indians and cannot hurt ys, Jacen wile wo began " be pouaot nits 

b declared what hy rhetn upon she f1De ol a rocke alwapte ſepning grounvok shen, whi 11 batt euvmlemong 

unded that our cae minded, and when we beganne to infopcerhettt to recive, we wunne alma P intouraged our 

h the ſhippes then ſheltered our ſelues, whereas befoze they thot bpon bs from aloft wi avere we 


ground idee couctt in fafctie, x then by no iteanes we tombs offen ph onthe higher 


he ſecond day 
v in the biy upon hen with our targets on our atmen, and our ſ won in our he but —— is 


n ſouldiers, and thy 


in the ſhippes as mn, to approtl) and ſeeke to-ouercake chem wan u balne ‘ other ſtbe, 

ring place thecn goes, Bp this time Héto was gotten vy on feat , A a — ſwilt an wilbe 

th water, and while head, which had bled extremely, he ioyned hienfelfe vncd vc, W collen cloth vpon his 

e walked a tune Inthe wieane lpace the Judtans fo 

arde we went vp 16 

trueth we found it anthetpper pare, here w — 

ds and caues, no ftom ihe vpper part. e were 6 ſouloters e tw vetp de 

certaine malle were ol opinion that it was not good to palle that 2 — — the Captaine, @ all nt va 

ne to climbed . bbs all do che ted ok our foutoters uhich were beneath — — —— nughtdenroy 

intaines, but rathet . she other ſqusv on ol the Indians, kept ddemfröhurrngrzodd which tookrinner head agaiuſt 

une would not fuit ind from Mecking the dutg ok water, aud being but fetw; dug con Gebt ater on chedlrand 

z which ſeemed tobe food Mtl fogtéfyingy our eldes as well as we wund, etpeetaltp conoecinurtBat toe hes; oa spin 

ere we werte I onen lde z e) Berecillo our Maſtiue. dogge which thouty bade — Ag ur 

rraine pits, hne J bed wich 3 mowes, lo that hy no meanes we coulo get him From ts: this wan grieuouſp woun. 

ntmels we began I in the Aeeffate when the Andlans came bpon ba who — cata e Was wounden 

w went tothelen 1 vs fo he et bpon them and put 8 oz 10 of chem out of array @mave thens run che greatipaiben 

his within the ln: uparrowes behind them: but at length (as I haue laid )be tas fo wounded that p, leauing mas 

round about: andthe we could get him to goe from vs to let anp moe UpON the Tuntans, eche . nameanes Cp. pant. 
pale, ko wecouly vs moe harme then got d: for when they went againũ them, they bores there with Maftines vip: 3 
CHEE ba IT kante rear gata CFoUble in velenomgtbem. Whee apeaines legge then bere open, fe gte 
nn ots ool, har we Lappe cup na wow cloth and hedaleentay cree coma te ans 
fopit was tempat dans thus duod Gill, one pare of them beg nme ro bunte, ad hout, and and tobile the In, pereotcay . 
mpinencianl, me J tolade themfelues wich ones end co pur chetr arrohteg integer boner un chen they bemm an 

appointed in their I ward vs verte reſolutelp to aſlalt vs, and u f Wes, and tu come domne t 


lt luſpecting no dane 
alſo foʒ that we had 
perp Cecretlp andeos 
b we tooke, andthe 


md all of chemcame 

e had not perteiued „ — 

de, my malle, n I further purlult vp the bill, be thought we were ta tak obe doe, although for anp 
na great tage, be⸗ ciado get:ing his target on iis arme, and his ſwoꝛd ret seb — — 
irget, being follows I Miler, which on char gart was not very teepe, erping . lago, ten chem r fine of the 
ye fain fouloier went If Hnleape Haro, Toro, Spinofa,and a Croſtebow. man cctlee * and alter 
AN N ee * micha Aegro mp a oulvier whichac — 5 
nger, an * 0 willing them not to feare. J 
ut ſuch as by chance f Where they har fortifies thetnfetues, anv from whence — — da the place 
d be laued but uch anden them ‘wichin a darts taſtof chem. And haning tireathen u. m lun. 1 
himſelfe very nu kene bites vs, en fed, So too mp mnaide rs, vpon them bel they: Oren be biete Sipe 
vonne the gate, the onchtz l, tor now we lee plamely that they be alfearv of vs, ſeeing we an . henthemlelt 

5 . Hd. er fon — Wee vo went towervthem telltereD witbeaogees, oder 
hii 1 r were alemtied, tothe ret af our company foltomew 58. the Jütanz 


beganne 


bauen. 


many ſiones vpon vs, and (hoot 
them in ſueh Cope, that they ſeeing 


136101 12 i 0 Chap. 9. j 
Afterthe axitmiſutim Ceptaine being wounded , and the reft of he ſouldiers ſeeing the lu. 
: dians depart, returned vnto thei fhips, The nextday taking in freth water at hs faide 
place he fens mariners to found the moch of the lake. Departing thence they came io 
the port called Rapa de Sent Ab, ad indured a dangerous ſtorme at fea, And afc. 
‘ward comming beete the fhore to take freth water in the faid hauen, they {ce ceniue 
peaceable hadiar 18. 1 1 
Bewiasinett wag late ano the tune approchen, env the Indians ſeeing this , within a c 
while after neterminedtaget them packing, and ech of them oz the greateſt part cooke in. 
tpanvegin their handu got them awaꝝ into craggy places. hen the Caytaine Cato this heck 
mated vs tu returut abaoꝛd our boats it being nom darke night, thanking vs all for the grob ſi· 
uice me han done hum. And being nat able to ſtand vyon bis legge , be leaned with bis arme yu 
Francis Preciad oni we xcturucꝭ to out boats, where with much adoe we 


god, nd to vie m the mouth of the lake to fee whether the cutrance were decpe enough fo) u hn ⸗ 
bour the hips, He taking the boat of the Admirall with 8 mariners, and ours of the Trinity, unt 
and founded the mouth, x on the ſballoweſt plate of the barre without they found 3 fadomt depth, 
A ſpectal goon un laxther in 4, v higher 5 ,alwapes increaſing vnto 10 0) 12 fadomes, when they were come 


into the two points of the ſaid lake, which was a league byoad from one point to the other al 
their founding was ercee ding good ground. Chen they went ouer to the ſoutheaſt point chen 
they ſam a great boat 02 raft which they indeusured to take to carrie vnto their Chips, In p ment 
Lobile they eſpied certaine cottages, which the Pilot determined to goe and ſee, and being come 
ntert they law; other raftes wih 3 Indians on them diſtant from the cottages one 63 two cru 
bowes thot, and he leapt on land with 4 op 5 mariners in bis companie: and tobile they behent 
chole cottages, they lam many Indians deltending dowue a ſmall hill in warlikemanntt with 
their bowes and artowes, whereupon they determined to retire to their boats, and to returne to 
their thips, and they wert not gone from the ſea· (hore ſcarſe a tones cal, but the Indians were 
come ee thant at thom wich their errowes, ann heeaufe thew were vnamned thew mouth 
not fight wich chem, bauing gone on fhoze fop no other purpoſe, but to found the mouth and ente: 
ranceofthatlake, On Shucloap the 4 of December wwe (et ſaile with a kteſh gale of winde, and 
faplen fome 8 03 10 leagues, and came vnto certaine mouthes 02 inlets which enna nee 


w 


i F. 7 ancij 


| as though tt 
a which we ce 
uuns that ba 
and goodly t 
we returned 
pet the ilo 
and beyond t 
the Tuelday 
und there we 


| and choagh 


| ception ofdur 
opinions amo 


don no, Duere 
tioſe the derke 
the decke dur 
toohke vs, whic 
| the thipSanca 
denly with ag 


growing moze 


of we, fo th 
to mend aur fa 
F whenlbecame 
went backe to 
time within fo 


wde onder the 
nere vuto a ſtr 


point of land, u 


his month, and 


lowes that it w 
toode the fith, 
ther there were 
und all ok vs me 
great was crac 


w 


mere 


co de Vila. Francifeo deUlloa. Traffiques, and Difcou 
— — = 


eries. Al 


mamparromes, mn as though they had beene Alands, and we entered into one of them, and came into an hauen 
Em mich we called Baya del Abad all intloſed and compaſſed with land, being one of the falreſt ba Barede! Abed 1 
re, nd led uud wens that bato bene feene: and abousthe fame, elpetially on both fives the lande was greene frome pan 
hom they 255 ds goodly to behold; we viferyen certaine riuers on chat part which ſeemed 
ned together 6 any ¢ 
dd quietiy 
fe 
idiers ſceing the]. 
h water at the faide 
hence they came i 
o at fea, And af, 1 
en, they ſee ceniue fm bon no, Ouer againſt theſe woods there fell eutty night ſuch «dew, that euerp morning when we Francis Gualle 
i dle the derke of the fhip was fo wet chat vntill the funne was of a good height. we altwales made nan. b mens 
this, wiihin a thoy . the decke durtie with going vpon it. Me rode oucr againſt theſe woods from the Tuelday 
elt part cooke in. a moyning when we fet ſaile, vntill Thurlday about midnight, when a cruell Hozthweſt winde 
taine Cato this hers  tooke v, which, whither we would 0} no, inloꝛced vs to way our anker; and it was ſo great, that 
B all fo3 the goon fiz e ſyp Santa Agueda began to returne backe, vntill her cable bꝛoke, and the ſhip hulled, and ſud⸗ 
with bis arme tulp with a great guſt the trinket and the mien were tent alunder, the Morhwelk winde till 
we got aboow, ty Tr growing moze and moe: within a ſhozt while after the maine ſaile was rent with a mighty flaw 
„muß cuerpd wur. of wanne, fo that we were infoꝛet d, both foulbicrs, taptaine, and all of vs, to Doe our bet indeuoz 
vnto his Hip,whre to mendour ſailes; and the Trinitie was dꝛiuen to do the like,fo2 the going round vpon her anker, 
id not greatly com wuenſhe came a-hean of it, her cable bꝛoke, ſo that there we lott two ankers, each ſhip one, Ae 
D the next day went backe to fecke Baya del Abad, fo2 we were within 20 leagues of the fame, and this day we 
icfly wich thranhis Te came mithin foure leagues of it. and being not able to reach it by reaſon of contrarp windes, we 
8 to fill wih water, mode vnder the lee of cercaine mountaines and hilles which were bare, and almolt woine of graſle, 
ufe them to be ueere vnto a ſtrand full of ſandie hilles, Meere vnto this toad wee found a fithing-place vnder 4 1 thing place 
ape But be yon · HE nai rok land, where hauing let vo wne our lead to lee what Fround was there, a dich caught it in 
webuyes ete um E began to maw it, and he which held the ſounding · lead trying and ſhewing his fel⸗ 
age Out withing ſowes that it was taught, that they might helpe him, as foone as be had got it aboue the water, 
itte day befor um tootke the liſh and looſed the corn of the ſounding. lead, and threw it againe into the ra, to lee whe: 
me of her omumtt, He ther there were any good depth, and it was caught againe, on he began to cry foꝛ helpe, 
em as much burt a toy; thus drawing the fiſh 
e Wounded perfons, ength we caught the lich whi 
e the ſirũ ill where good to our Captaine, 
filled, and vntil we | Chat we thoulo repaire to the watering place, from whence we were fome fire leagues diſtant, to 
ent abooꝛd when we take in 12 buttes of water, which wee had dꝛunke and (pent, bet auſe he knew not whither we 
h the tive olthe ds ich finde any water, oz no; and we ſhoulo finde water, it was doubt⸗ 
beat into ourbeus. 
e the Coptunt con, | 
ashe we 4 
enough fo) 
ofthe Trinity, at 
UND 3 Fadome depth, 
ben they were come 
to the other mel 
thea point chert 
ir Chips, In ment 
te, and being come 
ges one en two croll: Chap. 10. 
r 3 They giue vnto the Indians many trifles which ſtand vpon the ſhore to fee them, and ſeeke 
oy to to parley with them by their interpreter, which was a Chichimeco, who could not vnder- 
mn —— land their language, They go to take freth water. Francis Precsado ſpendeth the time 
it che Ie with them wi many ſigget, aaf teueking and heing afeard oftheir great multitude, re- 
—— and ente: treth himſelfe wifely with his companions, returning with fafety tothe ſhips. 
ygaleof winde, as Te VSYV Bertie captain an mangel tis, we tungenchere ste be peaceable people; 
1 e, wherenponthe Ceptaine tooke the boat with 4 07 mariner carrying with him certain 


beades 


... 


. 


* 


412 TheEnglith Voyages, &c. Franciſco de Ulla, A Franc 


beades to truck, and went to ſpeake with them. In the meane while he commanded the Juin 4 the water 
interpꝛeter our Chichimeco , to be called out of the Admiral that he Goulo parlep withthen. 
Andthe Captaine came vnto the boy, and laid certaine things vpon it fo exchange, e made M Fe done the dal 


vnto the Dauages to come and take them; and an Indian mae lignes vnto dur men with s they meade l 
bands his armes, and he ad, that they vnderſtood them not, but lignilied that they ſhould goald, ts thete India 
c Abereupon the Captaine departed a (wal diſtance from that place with his boat,Andthepmam He come too ne 
ſignes againe chat he ſhould get him further; whereupon we departing a great wap off, the went vnto a 
Indians leaps into the water, came vnto the bop, and tooke thoſe beaves , and returned bat; lupd domne! 
gaine to land, and ihen came vnto the other the, and all of them vir wing our things, they - Ckarfe which 
a bowe and cert ine arrowes to an Indian, and lent him away, running with all hake on the md conilts. 
and made fignes onto vs that they had ſent word vnto their Iozd what things we had giuen then i Jims asf 
and that he wauld tome thither. Clic hin a while after the fad Indlan returned, runningasy . i fromthe bill 
dio before, and beganne to make ſignes vnto vs, that his Loʒd was comming. And while welt, re to whom the 


ed here, we ſaw on the ſhoꝛe ten oz twelue Indians allemble themſelues, which came vntotes Fe che laid place 
ther Indians, and by and by we ſaw another company ol 12 0215 moze appeare, who allenuin clado that he 
themlelues all tagether. And againe they began to make fignes vnto vs, to come foorthiigy ind a grent fi 
our boates, and ſhewed vs many Oyſters ok pearles on the top or certaine canes, making ius opitee of pear 
that they would giue them vg. hen we beheld this, the Captaine commanded vs to malen cums. andt 
die our boate, and went abooꝛd it wichthe laid mariners, vnd rewed ta a certaime Cone in fm er times an 
a rocke, which lay in the fea neece vnto the ſhoꝛe. And hither came firſt 2 02 3 Indians W cke together 
layd donne one of thoſe Oyſters, and agacland made of Parats feathers, o; ſparrowes u they (ould cot 
painted red; they lapd downe alſo ccrtaine plumesof white feathers, and others ok blew colon, HR grouna, and! 
In the meane while we lawe continually Indians alſemle tothe Hore by tenne and tene, an wühthem whi 
fo bp litcle ann little thep came in ſquadꝛons; and one of them alſoone as hee lawe the toate FR parcitofhim, a 
gaune toleape lo:ward and backe ward wich lo great nimbleneſle, chat daubtleſſe he and s . pis hea, dt 
all of vs aman ot great agilitie, and we cooke no (mall pleaſure while we bebclo him fucting HF 
thoſe gambols: but the reſt ot the Indians which ood at the mouth of the fred) wattt tune io 
ward hun, and cryed onto hun, foꝛbidding hun to vle thoſe geſtures, betauſe we wert tome ih 
ther inpeaceable fore ,and by this meancs he came muh the ret ta the watering place, where y 
little anbiittle in this manner there allembled aboue a hundzed of them all in opder, with 
tertaine ſtaues with coꝛdes to fling them, and with their bowes aud arre wes, and they were al 
painted. In the meane while out Chichimeco-interppetcr bozne in the Fle of California, un 
Come vnto vs. and the Captaine againe commanded a mariner to ſtrippe himſelke, and to lum 
and lape vpon the ſaid rocke certaine belles, and moge beades, and when he had lapd themther, 
the Indians made ſignes that he ſhould goe away; and ſo they came thither and tor ke them, n 
our men dꝛew neere with their boat. The Captaine commanded the Indian our Chichmeco 
to {peake vnto them, but they could not vnderſtand him, fo that we alluredly belegue , thatihep 
vnderſtand not the language ok the Ile of California. This day being Tue lday vun ugh 
the Indians ſtayed at this watering place, taking ſome of our beades, aud giuing vntous thee 
keathers and other things, and when it was verp late they Deported. The mozrow following 9 
being CTledneſdap very early the Captaine commaned that our buttes ſhould be mane reany, der, fn iy this t. 
that before bycake of dap, and before the Indians ſhould take the hill, which Good ouer shewars Francis taking a 
ring place, we might be landed in goon oꝛder: which was put in executien: foʒ we went ane he Indians, and 
with as man p as could goe, ſauing thoſe that had charge to take in the water, and ſuch az ert nuld gue to the 


to ay on thip-booyd, which in all were about fourtecne oz ſifterne perſons, in as good aner as Nuered that he Myo 
we could deuiſe: for we were foure croſſebomes, two harquebuziers, and eight op ninturgus, bul haue them 
and the moſt part of vs carrycd verp good ſlings, and euer one cighteene riucr- ſtones, wich ncis like wiſe! 


weapon the Captaine inuented, becauſe the Indians at the fick hashanplcy vs very dend 
with the multitude of ones which they flang at vs: we had nothing to defende vs laung out 
targets, and to ſecke to winne the fortes from whence they indamaged vs; he therefore thought 
with cheſe flings , that we might olfend them, and we like wile thought well of his opinicn, n eur 
making trpall of them, we threw very well with them, and much farther then we thongdt i all made ag thong 
could haue done: foꝛ the flings being made of hempe, we flung very larre wih them. sete e was gone a litti⸗ 
being come to the watering place the ſayd TAltdnelday by treake of day we tookte the fort of ie 
fountaine, which were certaine cragges oz rockes hanging ouet the lame, betweene whith iva f 
was an opening oz detpe valley thadugh which this Water rumneth; which is no arent nur, MF Che 
but a little bꝛooke not pat a fanome iuoad. So ſtanding all in oꝛder, other foure op fue Andi 
tame thither, who as lone as they Laine vs to be com on (hore, and to haue gotten che 


co de Ulla. Francifeo de Ulloa, Traffiques, and Difcoueries, 


ö 413 
mmanved the Jin tte warering place, they retired vata a f 
ulo patlep with then, 3 vo: neither Raven they long beim the Degen esa tle was betweene 
bange, & made figus done the Bap befope bp 10 and 10, and 15 ranging themelues on th MES ag they had 
eee oben ie 88 ee Frencis Preciado crauee icenteofthe Gerl weg tut 

+ EE thele Indians, and to giue them fone trifles; j 
s boat. And they na e to goe into any N — Met Bln chern hin norte 

t 


reat way off, the fa : aine : ues 
and retuencd bah 0 ivent onto a platne place, baoer the bill where the Indians feace be 


ur things , they gay and in a 
all hatke on the thoy 

8 we had giuen then, 
utned, runninge 
q. And while wet, 
hich came vntothet 
peare, who aſſenin 
to come foopthuuchn 
canes, making figng 
NDED vs to makers. 
aine Rone in fopne af 
2 02 3 Indians, m 
2 ſparrowes feathers 
thers ok bleu colour, 
tenne and tenne, any 
ee fawe the bon le. 
ubtleſſe he feemen iu 
behclo him acting 
> Fredy water tanne io 
fe we were tune ih 
ring place, where 7 
n all in opder, ung 
es, and they wert il 
le of California, wg 
nlelke, and to lum 
had lapd themthet, 
and tooke them, m 
ian our Chichimeco 


C 


5 we Deatte, ert a» 
awo fitbbookes en moge 


id Francis ware on 
and after this certaine 


x 


* 


Dip belegue , thatihep | ber ol pearle, whi 
Tueldey vatil ugh I derrwithall they came very neere .* be rd an 
gung vntww ider Trecndo fain onto the Captaine, chat kit pleaſed him And Francis 
be mozrow following copntber and to tap vpon chat bigh bill; and he anfwer 


ould be sane aß tber, fn bp this time our men had taken in all thei them all tage · 
Cocd our tyewus A Francis akiny a crowne of beades went Aida bpd 3 boat: whereupon 
fox we went onion be Tndians, and made fig and to come all 8 
ter, and ſuch aswere together, berauſe her 
5 , in as good oer ag 
eight op ninturgtts, ald haue them, and fo 
e riuct-fones, uch ncis likewiſe went a 
led vs veep, drm 
efende vs laung out 
; he therefore thought 
ell ok his opinien, in 
then — — — 
e with them. hein, he called him backe a ’ 

de took the fort oft ful ma being tome vnto bim, wer 82 tay, — aver fn — sm 
betwrene whith iher Pe widour any tinangiag, zun fhenre tse caiteaboupD our hip, r 
dena great ihm, ME Cheduoians feng ws tyus gone aboopa came dum, tothe Grand where the thooke of water 
foure on fur dines ROS, and rellen wnto vs to come foorth wich our boates, and to come on hope, and to tying our 
wen oe We . charger out give bs oF ther mocher ofpeactes + but we being now let at — 


An 
7 made 


—— — ne a aT 


— ͤ ee 


made no account of them: whereupon they beganne to (hoot arrowes at che (hip, ant th 
they fell nere vs, pet they did not reach vs. An the meane Ceafon certaine mariners went out n 
the boat, to wep the anker, wherevpon the Indians ſeeing them comming towards them, y tying. 


ing chem nothing, they beganne in (come to ſhem them their buttockes, making fignes that th, x 


hold kiſle tbeit bums ; and thele (eemcn te be thole that came lalt. Che Gencrall ſeeing thi, 
commanded a mutket to be once op twile (hot olf, and that they ſhould take their tut apme, Ty 


leeing thele (hot to be made readie, ſome of them roſe and went to (hoot their arrowes at out nu 


riners, which were gone to weigh the ankers, then the Generall commanded the great opdinayy 
fpeevilp to be (hot off , whereupon thꝛee oz foure bullets were dilcharged, and we perceiued thy 
we had Maine one of them, koꝛ we alluredly law bim Ipe dend vpon the hoe; and I thinde (ome 
the rell were wounded. They hearing thisnople, und leeing him dend ranne awap as fal tun 
they could, fome along the ſhoze, and ſome through the v. lies, dꝛagging the Dead Indien ui 
them, after which time none of them appeared, ſaue ten otwelue, which peeped vp with un 
heads among thole rocks; whereupon another piece of opdinance was diſcharged aloft agauſ q 
place where thep were, after which time we neuer law any moje of them. 


Chap. 11. 


at the point of the Trinitie they {pend three dayes in fiſning, and in other paftime ; in 
lauch fetting fayle they difcouer pleafant countries , and mountaines voide of guſt 
and an Iland afterward called //la de los Cedros, or the Ile of Cedars , neere which they 
ſuffer ſnarpe colde andraine, and to ſaue themſelues they returne thither. 


Mmediatly we (cs laile to iopne with the (hip Sance Agueda, which was abouc halle ala 
in the high lea from vs, and this was ou the Medneldap the ſeuenteenth of December, Br 


called Punta de la Trinidad, and bere wee ſtayed fifbing , and folacing our Celucs tuo q; three 
dapes, although we had alwayes great foe ok raine. Afterward we beganne to laple very flow. 
Ip, and at night we rode ouer againſt chofe mount aines where we had left our ankers, and vyon 
knowledge of the place we reteiued great contentment feeing we had failed Come ſiue aud thir 
tie leagues from the place where we had taken in water: neither was it any maruell that wee 
{o reiopced, becaule that the keare which we had of contrary windes tauſed vs to be fo wil 
papd of the way which we bad made. The dap of the holy Natiuitie of our Hoyo , which wes 
the Thurſdaythe fue and twentieth of the laid moneth, God ok his mercp beganne to ewes 
fauour in giuing va a frech windr almoſt in the poope, which carried va beyond thole mountains, 
forthe ſpace of tenne oy twelue leagues, finding the coaſt alwayes plaine: and two leaguts wth 
in the land, which we coatted along, and betweene thefe mount aines, there was a great (pace ol 

ground, which we might cafily vifcerne with our eyes. although others were of nahe 
opinion. Ille beg anne from Chpidmas dap to alle icwlp with certaine mall land- buntem 
faplen from mozning to night about feuen oz eight dagues , which wee efteemed no finall me 


ter, alwayes praping to God to continue this his fauour toward vs, and thanking hun in ys 


bolp Natiuitie. and all che dapes of this featt the Frier Cap malle in the Admiral, and the fae 
Frier Raimund pꝛeached vnto vs, which gaue vs no (mall comfort, bp incouraging binge 
feruice of God. 
On Saturday at night being the 27 ol che ſaid moneth we ankozcd neere vnto a point hic 
ſeemed to be plaine land all along the (hore, and within the countrep were high mouncaies with 
certaine woods, which woods and mountaines ranne ouerthwart the countrep , and continued 


chrougbih tna 
at bꝛeake of Dap 
where we met 


Punday 
alozeſald. 
a Anvo 
maine tho 

ANonhwe 

fiftaf Jar 

and the ott 
and had ot 
in conpaſl 
but we fats 
rode on Mt 
ſpled abo 
| cally being 
dlode ouer a 
by cquall he 
5 gilancie, 


ing come together becauſe the windes were contrarp, we dꝛew neere wo abeabland, which ue 5 north te in 
1 atofe, whic! 


greene trees 


tertaine rine 
aboue ſoure 
neete vnto tt 
then in the S. 
two on three | 
this countrey 
leagues diſta 
ced, but did r 
being faire, y 
being (as J hi 
THeoueldap 1 
fone we ature: 


ve alwapes for 


Wwapes found ft 


3 two thips, bein 
ol them were ſt 


bid grow vpon { 
Me fatten fron 


iſco de Ulloa, 


: — 
the ſbip, and although 
mariners went out N 


aking fignes thut thy 
General ſeeing ty, 
heit tut ayme. Thy 


ir atrowes at out uu 


ed the great didnt 
and we perceiuen thy 
; and J] chinke lone 
ne away as fatt as tut 
the dead Indian wy; 
hpeeped up with ther 
par ged aloft againty 


other paſtime: in 
aines voide of graf, 
ars, neere which they 
e thither, 


as abouc halle a lan 
th of December, de 
a headland, wich Wee 
ur ſelues tuo q three 
mine to faple very flow. 
t our ankers, aud open 
iled Come five aud thi 
t anp maruell that wee 
fe vs to be fo well 
r Lo, which unn 
p beganne to thee ds 
poud thofe mountains, 
and two leagues with: 
re was a reat pace of 
others were of another 


EKA eee 


e AP 


n 


R 


ſmmall land- wuncg m 


efteemed no ſnull ma 


i Daturd we pꝛocee 
WA nn ivi inc fap Wwe proceeded on 


we alwapes found it move ciuill. 


. 


Franciſco de Ulloa. F raffiques and Dif coueries. 
— — _* 

very bare and burned, and to 

beyond theſe appeared certai 

which appeared beyond thole 


mountai ; 
treebpon them, whereat w anes which ha 


e. T 


which if they Alete neere 
anuary until the mame. 
from the mountaines 


mewhat ſeuered krom the 


2 
7 


but we ſaw before vs high land which ſtrete 
rode on Mun day at night. From Thurlda 
fapled about 35 leagues. 4 

cially being allniled by two 

rode ouer againſt this land t 


Che fame mor 
abouefoure leagues viſtant 
neete vnto them, no 
then in the Santa A 


Gags » Flotingweeds 
uno ſwimming on the fear ien 50 leagues, 


kull ok gourns, 
Slike vnto white . 


Twentie 
And leagues bes 
ame, pond the Ile 


trou⸗ of Cedars, 


rtie fadame 


inglp, confiner 
4, and now we 
other five toward the fitme lande the trees w 
e) wee ſayled foure p fie leagues bitten from rs 
Mm 2 Te 


2 Bal is a flat 9039S 
rat abe r which are made ali Rat with canes, 


a Sa as 
t 1 . 


— —— — —— 
The Englith Voyages, &c. Franciſco de Ulloa, 


Wie ſtayed here vnder the ſhelter of thele mountaines Saturday, Dundap, and Mundap. al. 
wapes hauing the Naꝛthꝛen winde fo trong, that we thinke if it had caught vs in the lea, wee 


ſhould haue bene caſt away. 
Chap. 12. moditt 
They enuiron and land vpon the Iland of Cedars, to difcouer the ſame, and to feeke water haha 
and wood. They are affailed of the Indians, and many ofthem wounded with ftones; feaagi 
but at length getting the vpper hand, they goe to their cottages, and ranging farther and del 
vp into the land they find diuerfe things which the Indians in their flight had left be. Mill rid 
hindthem. dwint 
O N Friday the 13 of Zanuary the Captaine commaned un to boiſe out our boates and called! 
goe on thoze, which was done accopding|p, and we vid row along the (hope for the {paceot noas la 
a good balfe league and entered into a valley fo (as J ſaid) all this country was full of bighan ok the tl 
bare hils, of ſuch qualitie as J mentioned before: and in this and other Cmall valleys we foun reabie, 
Come water which was bꝛackiſh, and nat karre from thence certaine cottages made of ſhzubs ike wood ar 
vnto beoome; likcwile we found the footings of Indians both fnall and great, whereat we much i ano foal 
maruciied that in (o rough and wilde a countrey (as farre as we could diſcerne) there ſhould e which b) 
people. Here we ftaped all dap making foure or fue pits to take in water which we wanted, whi within tt 
though it were bad, and in ſmall quantitie we refuled not; and lo the cuening being come, wer teta ide 
turned to our boates, and ſo came vnto cur ſhips which rode u good league from tbe thore, Ce . del ABS 
nert dap being TUednelday the fourteenth of the laid moneth our Generall commanded vs tole the land; 
laile, and we fated about the laid Jland on the fame fine which we coafted when we camefnm . aue abo 
Nueua Elpanna: foꝛ when we arriued on the coaſt we ſaw fiue 07 fixe fires ; wherefore he dein foone as t 
to lee and learne whether it were inhabited; and at the far thelt ende of this wlet 02 bay wm MR = Eames 
we rode there came out before vs a Canoa, wherein were foure Indians which tame wuug vs thep ce 
with certaine {mall oares, and came very neere vs to lee what we were: whereupon ue ode Directly t. 
our General, that it were belt to fend fome of vs out with our boates to take theſe Imst , mann 


Come one of them to giue them ſomething that they might thinke vs to be good people: but het ö 

would not confent thereto, betauſe he minded not to tap, hauing then a prety grate of unt, lip at bs, 

whereby he might ſaile about this Jland, hoping that afterward we might finde and take ne ee 
55 Us 


others to ſpeake with them, and give them what we would to carry on ſhoꝛe; and as we Mes abe: 

neere the land, we lam a great hill full of goodly trees of the bignelle of the trees and Cuts be diſcour 
of Caſtile. Cie found in this Aland the footing of wilde be alts and conies, and ſaw a put 4 togoe on! 
pinetree-wood , whereak we gathered, thatthere mas fore ok them in that countrey. Chusty 31 


ling neere vnto the ſhoꝛe, we awe another Canoa tomming toward vs with other foure In 
ans, but it came not very neere vs, andes we looked forward , we fave toward a point wh He 17 


was verp neere before vs, thꝛee other Canoas, onc at the Sead of the point among certaine flats, FR of vi 

and the other two moze into the fea, that they might deferp vs without comming oucr cet ds q 1 7 
Likewiſe betwecne certaine hilles which were nere the point there appeared here thut fr a Inch 
there foure of them, and afterward we ſaw a {mall troope of ſome twentie of them cogether, 4 70 


lo that all ok vs reioyce greatly to behold them. On this fine the land ſhewed greene with b ; 
tes of plaine ground which was neere the fea, and likewife all thole coats of hils ſpewed gn, Fe e sy 
and were coucred with many trees, although tl. ey grew not very thicke together. Here uu noth ia 


ning we rode neere the ſhoze hard vpon the laid point, to lee ik we could ſpeake with thole Jun ⸗ after thote 
ans, andlikewileto fee tf we tould get kreſh water, which nom we wanted, and fill as ſont as thei thole o 
we were come to an anker, we fa the Indians thew themlelues on land neere vnto their dg · 96 bet fo 
ings, comming likewile to deſcry vs ina Canoa , by fire and (euen at atime, whertat we tar: thes ae fine 
uelled, becaule we neuer thought that one of thofe Canoas would hold fo many men. Jn this lane ut 
wife we ſtayed looking Mill what would be the ſucceſle aud in the place where we rode we were te then 
two lmall leagues diltant From the (hore, where we found thele Indians in theit Canon:: litt no becaule 
upon wee maruellen not a little to fee fo great an alteration in fo (mall a diſtance of counttt), 140. 
as well becaule we ill diſtouered pleaſant land with trees ( whereas on the other five of he lu tat uber 
there were none) as allo betauſe it was fo well peopled with Indians, which had fo map ing 2 
made of wood, as we might dilcerne, and not rates o Ballas, fo; ſo they call thole lum ban be (each N 
Aeg al. 
BP sane: 8 


* 


Che nert day being Thurldap the fifteenth of the laid moneth about Wecker of day foure uf 
five Indians ſhewev themſelues at che head of chat point, who as foone as they had ſpyed w fart 
direo behind the point, and hin thentlelues among thebuthes vpon certalne mail pileschat e. err 

at 1 sii 


* 


Franciſco de Ulla. Traffiques, and Difcoueries i ip 


4 


ſco de Ulloa, 


dap, and Mundap, al 
ht vs in the lea, un 


, and to feeke water 
ounded with ſtones: 

and ranging farther 
ir flight had left be. 


lt 
fea agoad diltante rum vs, and thole which were in ch w due cn fire Canons come . 


ut our boated , and ts called Ihe Trinitie, Things paſled in this fore rother hi 

Chore fop the fpaceot er 1.81 2 the ſea to lich very neere ots oe, . ‘ 9 5 7 bah aye Coe 

v was full of high 151 enerall returned from the Trinicie and commanten she oe plealure. AE 12 
nall valleys tue foun reale, a8 well ſouldiers as mariners, and that we manded the boat ¢ men to be made 161 


wood and water, and catch one of thote Inviane n Mould goe on thope to fee if we could get any 


s made of ſhzubs lit 

. ) ! vnderlland their! if; 
cat, whcreat weuuch ants fo all the men that were readie w nt into the Admi en language ikit were : 
2 f ’ d poſſible: 
terne) there Soult which by chis time with the other ſhip had a hye ige sg Le aud went toward the Trinitie 
zich we wanted, why ' nde. wherewith they entered farther 


ng being come, were: 
e fromthe ſhoꝛe. Ce 
Icommanded vs toln 
d when we came from 
; wherefore he deſun 
is inlet oz bap where 
is which tame rowing 
whereupon Wwe toe 


Ditectlp towards us, theatning vs wich certaine great fay caus toith chett gooos,¢ then came 


CO al OP Wis NR Se: 


take thele Jung z ſome; pardes long and thicker then a / 

good peopie: bu te to come neere the lea ſhoze to come an N Dyett: but perretuing tber fo 

a prety gale of unt, 4 0) 5 men, among w 

ht finde and takefone nt 1925 75 bote bunch atte beneath ober bent. with two tones, In the 4 ing au 
he trees and C 2 a cea ile the Gener als boate ſo fie they began to 

g, and foto a pute: e oe ON Tore wich no lmall trouble; fo; albelt rcely, who began to caule his 

teountrep. Thul: duo che boat they funke Dotune, berät . an = hid be land pet as foone ag — 1 

with other foure Tum i no fal footing ; and thus Cwinmn 


toward a point wh 
among certaine flats, 
mming ouer nette is 
ppeared here thut un 


fa 


ntie of them together, 

ewed greene with pe auib bap i 

3 ok hils ſhewed green, ral hough poe pesos da 

together. Here a our company came on thore with win s were but few in number. ig Okasgeta a. 
peake with 7 in hotbolpen ane another, Come of them hap thers and with great pifficultie, and ch gant arrows 
ed, and ſtill as foone if 


d neere vnto thet lodgs 

time, thereat we tat: 

fo many men. Inthis 
where we rode we wi 
in their Canoas: where 
La pittance of counttey, 
A the other fine of eds 
which had fo many Ce fn. 
fo they call thote lum 


Ri 
7 


us bap not 


| @eale-fhine 

wel opefled 
wild a white 

grains. 


ue 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Franciſco de Ulloa, 


Afeer we had breathed our ſelues a while we viewed their houles where they food, which were 
certaine cottages couered with (pubs like byoome and rofemarp , wich certatne Rakes pighe in 
the ground; and the Generall willed vs to march all together without dilperſing or our felues ,q 
little way vp tbole mountaines to fee i there were any water aud wood, becauſe we food in great 
neede of them both. And while we marched foytward, we lam in cercatne little valllen the groong 
which the women had left there behind them in their fight : fo2 the Indians as ſoone as they fay 
vs purlue them ouertooke the women, and for feare charged them to flie atvap with their chien 
le their tuffe in this plate. Ulle went vnto this booty , and found good tone of kreſh. uh, 
and deed fith, and certaine bags containing aboue 28 pound weight full ok died fit} ground u 
pouder and manp Ceal-Ching,the mot part dzelled with a fsire white graine vpon them. and other 
perp badly dzelled. There were alfo their inſtruments to lich withall, as hookes mabe of the 
prickes of certaine (rubs and trees. Pere we tooke the laid ſkins without le auing any one in the 
place, and then we returned to the fea, becauſe it was now night, oz at leaſt very late, and founy 
our botes waiting fo vs. 

Chap. 13. 

Adeſctiption of the Canoas of the Indians of the Ile of Cedars, and how coaſting the fame 
to find freth water they found fome,and defiring to take thereof they went on fhore,and 
were diuerfly moleſted with the weapons of the Indians, They chriften an old Indian, 
and returne vnto theit fhips. 


T He Canoas which they had were certaine thicke trunkes of Cedars , ſome of them of the 
thicknetle of two men, and thzce kadome long, being not mabe hollow at all, but being lain es 
long, ano fattened together hey Choue them into the len neither were ther plained te anp purpol, 
fop we found no kind of edge-toole, fauing that there were tertaine ſharp ones, which we foun 
vpon certaine rockes that were very keene, wherewith we ſuppoled that they did tut @ flearhole 
ſeales. And neerc the hope we found tert me water, wherewith we filled certaine hottles mane 
of che (huts of hole feales ,contapning ech of them abouca great paile of water. The wert dap on 
General commande vs lo let lalle, whereupon failing with a freth gale about 2 Leagues fromthe 
thore of dhs Rand, trending about the lame to {ce the end thereok, and allo to appꝛoch nette the 
firme land, to informe our (clues of the ate thereof , berauſe we hanfeene 5 02 6 fires, me cm 
patted the fame about: fog by ibis meanes we perfoymed 2.02 3 good actions, nately, we rus 
ned to our right courfe , and ſearched whether anp 1 ie out of the coatt of the firme ln 
whether there were any trees there, 02 e e ol Indians did ſhew theinſe lues qm. 
In this maner proceeding on our way all the Mrivay being che 16 of January at evening m 
feeking to double the point of the land, fo fierce and contrarp a jNorehren winde encounter 
vs, that it waue vs backe that night ouer againt the lodgings and habitations of the Fndians n 
bere we taped all Saturday, what time we lott the Trinicie againe, but on Sundap⸗ nigſt being 
the 18 we law her agame. and beganne to proceede qu our way to tompalle that Blanv, lit pura 
ſed God to ſend vs good weather. sit 
On Sunday, Mundap, and Cucfoay (which was the twentieth of the fain moneth of Iuur 
rie) wer lailed with (carfe and contrary windes , and at length came to the cape of the point of 
the Bland, which we called Iflade los Cedros 02 the Ale of Cevats, betauſe that on the tops of 
Cevars being very tall, as thenaturrd 
the Indians, and found is 


tas teh tl 
cheit fich, amv our yeoifl 


4 they hay (poken with 
e 8 see do 


U great concer 


sonnet efi 7 
cc pe they want robe 15700 


odeUlloa, 


pied fh ground u 
n them and other 
kes made of the 
uing any one in the 
erp late, and foum 


coaſting the ſame 
went on ſhore ane 
ten an old Indian, 


omte of them of te 
ll, but being lain es 
ned to any purpole, 
eg, which we lum 


rtaine bottle mane 
r. Che next dap on 
en 
0 nette g 
‘ mmanded him to with⸗ 
N ine un oe evaland frier Raimund 
eiche dagen a ate anes inet 
: gan Lotbof them to ſpeake vnto 
theme lues oy. harme, but only were come 
hing would ſerue to make them 
q paging, mung Gill in a mind not to hurt 
that land, tfit plea 


id moneth of Janu 
e cape of the point of 
e that on the cps of 


—— ol the 


Francis 


in very 


4.20 The Englith Voyages, &c. Francifcode Ulloa, 


that village which was but a (mall quantity, and then the Generall commander vs to returne l 


our (hip, becauſe we had eaten nothing as pet, and after our repaſt we towards a 
lay beyond that village, where we law a very great valley, and thoſe of the Trinitie ſapd, 
had (eene there good loge of water, and ſufficient fo, vs; wherefore wet ankered netre vnto thut 
valley. And the Generall went on ope with both the boates, and the men that went on land m 
che mozuing with the two fathers frier Raimund, and frliet Antonp: and paſſing vp that valley, 
Crofebow-(por, we found a very ſmall bꝛooke of water, which neuertheles fupplied our net 
fo? we filled two buts therrofthat tuening, leauing our veflels to take it with on ſboze vntlllthe 
next mopzning; and we reiopced not a little that we hav found this water, to; it was freſh, ano thy 
water which we had taken vp beſoe was ſome what bac kich, and did vs great hurt both in our bo, 
dies and in our tafe, 
Chap. 14. 
They take poſſeſſion of the Iſle of Cedars forthe Emperours Maieſtie, and departing from 
** they are greatly toſſed with a tempeſt of the fea , and returne to the Ifland, as io 
afafe harbour, 


next day being the two and twentieth of January verp early the General commanper' 
to go on ſhoze, and that we thouln haue our dinner brought vs, and ſhould take in the tel u 

dur water, which we did, and filled 17 buts without feeing any Ndian at al. Che next day 

out to fill S op ↄ veffeis which were not pet filled a great winde at Noꝛthwel cooke vs, 

on they mabe fignes to vs from the thips, chat wich all halte wee ſyould come on boo d acraine, fo, 
the winu grew Hill higher,and higher, and the Walkers were affrato thet our cables would break, 
thus we were in the open fea. Therefore being come aboopd againe not without great trouble, 
Cap. ia. we returned backe ouet againt the village of the Indians, where we han Maine the Indim an 
Ila de la Cedros bet auſe the wind grew more calme about midnight, the [Pilots did not caſt anker, but hullenyn 
isehegreaten der the ſbelter of this Alland, which (as J baue laid) is called The Ifle of Cedars, and is one ofthe 
ale. 3 Wes ofs. stephan, the gresteſi ¢ chiefelt of them, here the General tooke „Ubi 
we hulled here, about midnight, the next Friday being the 23 of the moneth, without our txpette 
tion we had a frech gale ol wind from the Mouth eall, which was very fauourable fo our voyages 
the longer it continued, the moze it increaſed: ſo that betweene that night and the next day being 
Meadcap.rr. Waturdap che 24 of the laid moneth we failed 18 great leagues. While wee were thus onen 
about the end. map, the wind gre w fo contrary and fo tempeftuous,chat to our great wriefe we were contraing 
to coaſt about with our (hips, and returned twenty leagues backe againe, taking for our Cuccow 
thꝛ ſecond time, the point of the lodgings of the Audians, where the koꝛeſayd Indian was flain, 
and here we ſtayed Mundap, Tewldap, and Iicenefoap, during which time che Noꝛthwel am 
the Noꝛth wind ble w continually, whereupon we determined not to Mirre from thence vntil we 
{aw good weather, and well ſetled for our voyage : fo in this climate theſe winds dor raigne fo 


greatly, that we feared they would ſtay vs longer there then we would; and we were ſo bey ö 


Raping, that eutry day ſeemed a moneth vnto vs. Ander this ſhelter we rode Thurſday, Frivay, 
aud Saturday vntill noone, which was the laſt of January in the petre 1540. About noone ih 
wind began to blow ſoftly at South weft, whereupon the General told the Pilots, that we hhouls 
doe well to put ouer to the maine land. where with ſome wind off the Hore we might by the grace 
ebeuury · ol God lalle ſome what fartber. Thus we hoiled our files, and ſailed vntil eue ning the op um 
leagues, foꝛ the wind ſcanten, and wer remained beralmed. Che night being come there anita 
tontraty winde, and we were infopced of neteſſitie to retire the third time to the fare Helter of 
the Alle ol Cedars, where we Raped from the firtk of Febzuaty vntil Bhꝛoueſundap in che which 
meane time we tooke in two buts of water which we had ſpent. During the ſpate of chile tigt 
dayes we fought to make faple two oꝛ three times, but as doe went ont a little beyond che point il 
this Alle, we found the wind ſo boyſtrous and contrarp, and the ſea ſo growen, that of forte we 
were conſtrained to returne vnder the fuccour of the Mand, and oſten times wee were in qres 
feare that we ſhould not be able to get in thither againe. During c his time that we roun not p 
ceed on our iourney, we imploye d our ſe lues in catching oem ſſhes fop the Leut. From hie · 
ſunday being the 8 of February, on which day we let layle, we Capled with a very ſtant wind, n 
rather atalme, vnttil Strouctewfdap ,on which we came within kenne or the firme land, from 
tobence we were put backe n in theſe two bapes and a dalfe wee fapitn 
fome 20 fmall learues) ann we lap in ſigbe of che Chum nn of tte Arme and. Arn an r Bet: 
bap we were becalmed, waiting till God ol his mercp would helpe be with a pꝛoſptrous wind to 
proceed on our bopage, | a ee ee GE ENT od Gaga 0 


bay runni 
rifing of t 
we laue 
kate valle 
no trees tt 
being in a 
maſſe, ant 
with wick 
ill was or 
we were c 
vlewe the c 
vnto the fea 
came vpon 
cannot bee 
caſt out anc 
not May the 
dilpole of vt 
flake the tei 


it forced the 
ftrooke a N. 
did the like v 
it caſt it over 


ſco de Ul. Franciſco de Ulloa. Traffiques, and D 


ſcoueries. 

— —„— A 

tor Sbhpouefunday at night, to make good cheere withall wee had fo great winde and raine, 
— 4 — ö 4 — in bur (hips which was not wet, anda verp colde apre, On Alhweo- u great bap m 
initie fap, tbat they nefbay at fun-tifing we ttrooke laile neere apoint which we kel fomewhat thore wirhall in agreag id. Mun land. 
deren neite Unto in bay running into this firme land: and this is the place where we law fue Or ſite lires, and at the 
that went on land iy rifing of the funne being fo neere the ſhoze that we might well deſcrie and viewe it at our pleaſure 
Ming vp that valley. we {awe it to bee very pleaſant, fo2 wee deſcried as farre as Wee could diſcerne With our eyes. 
upplied our nettſiey fare valleys, and ſmall hilles, with greene Mrubs bery pleafant to behold, att hough there grew 
thon {hope vntllche no trees there. The ſituation ſhewed their length and weadth. This day was little winde, it 
it was freſh, and the being in a manner calme, to our no mall griefe: and the father frier Raimund ſayd vs a due 
t hurt both in our ty, maile , and gaue vs aſhes, pꝛeaching vnto vs actoꝛding to 


the time and fate wherein we were: 
with which ſermon we were greatly comforted, Atter noonetid 
ill was our enemie in all our tourney, at the leat from the point o 


f the port of Santa Crux. Here unte 

a we ure contkrained ta anker in flue favome water and after wee rode at anket wee began to tberwiie catien 
and departing from vlewe the count rey, and tooke delight in beholding how goodly and pleafane it was, and necre debe 
e to the Ifland, as o vnto the fea wee iudged that wee ſawa valley of white ground. At euening ſo great a tempeſt 

came vpon bs of winde and raine that it was ſo fearcfull and dangerous a thing that a greater 

ne ral cammanded a cannot bee erpzeſſ. p; fon it had like to haue Driuen vs bpon the hope , and the chiefe Pilot 
lo take in the tel a calt out another great anker into the lea » Pet all would not ferue , fo? both theſe ankers could 
Che next Dap gn not day the hip, cherer pon all of vs ctped to God for merty, attending to ſee how he would 
took bs, wherip dilpole of vs; who of his great goodneſſe, while we were in this danger, vouchlaled a little to 
on boorDagaine, in . dle the tempett, and with great {peeve the chiete Pilot commanded the mariners to turne ( 
tables would tye, ME the tapſten, and the General Commanded and pyaped all the ſouldiers to helpe to turne the 


thout great trouble, capten, whichebep were nothing flow to perfoꝛme: and th 
laine the Indi n and in weighing or one which was karre greater then the other, the ea was ſo boiſterous, that 
nner, but bullom / t fonced the capſten in ſuch fore, that the men which were at it could not rule the fame » and it 
ars, and isoneofthe TE  ftrooke a Megro of the Generals ſuch a blowe that it cat him downe along vpon the decke, and 
e „hie dis the like vnto another mariner and one ol the bar res ſtrooke our fire i 


teof in refpect of the 

ö a be perill of being caſt on that thore with our 

er were thun n Secon — ic tell out at midiight, at which time no man could haue eſcaped, but by a 
4 od. 


— 
— 
3 
4 
4 
= 
8 
3 
E 
= 
8 
> 
= 
a 
35 
‘| 
g 
2 
— 
3 
a 
7 


till Friday inthe morning being the 1 5 
continually came raking ö 


the Northeim ie deckes. At length, on Oaturday morning at bꝛeake of day we could finde no Temedy againſt the 
out at fea, 


‘om thente vntil we contrary windes, notwithRanding the Generail was bery 


0 elleo moze and moze, and that in ſuch forte, it 
„ About noonetie char due greatly fearey Wweethould all periſh. Ther the ilot thought it our belt courſe to 76 
lots, that we lend er unne to the Alle of Cedars, whither wee had tepaired thꝛer o> foure tines before by reaſon of 1 
might by the the laß lame contrary winden, fo wee tooke this Alland fox our father. d mother, 2 10 
uning chpecoyfore we receiued no other benefice there by Cane this onely, name lp, to repaire thither in thefe ner eli if 
come there nut . tater, ano wich ome all quancieat ne 1 
o the Carne thelr of Being therefore arriued at this Bland, and riding vnder the Heiter thereof, the contrarp 

ſundap in the whith windes did alwayes blow very lo, and here we tooke water which we ounke, and wood 

ſpate of their tit ln our fetwel, and greatly vefiren , that the windes would bee moze fauourable fo? pꝛoreeding 

tbepond che pam f em eur iourney. though we rode onder the ſhelter Of the Alle. erlelt ie the great fury of ay 4 
en, that oF force ne thole wines, ann the rage of the fea, and our ſhips neuer ceaten rolling, 741 
s wee wett i gree ar of day the twentieth of Febzuary wee found the cable of our Admirall cracked, 1 
at we would noc h- bhereupon, to our great griefe, we were conttrainen to (et faple, to fall downe lower the {pace of J 
ent. Feom ehrt. I sleague, ann the Trinicie cane and rode in our company, 


The Englith Voyages, &c. Franciſco de Ulis. 


Chap. 15. 
el land inthe iſle of Cedars, andtake divers wilde beafts, and refreth andſolace 
themfelues, They are ftrangely toſſed with the Northweft winde, and feeking often o 
depart they are forced, for the auoiding of many mifchiefes,to tepaite thither againe for 
harbour, 


T= and twentieth of February being the Cecond Souvay in Lent, the General went on 
(hore with the greateſt part of his people and the friers, netre vnto a valley which they fare 
before them. And hearin z malle on land, ce rtaine ſoulote ts and mariners, with certaine dogyes 
which we had in our company went into the fato valley, and we met with certaime deere, whertol 
we tooke a le male, which was litt le, but fat, whole hair e was liker che halre of a wild goatt hen of 
a deere, and we found her not to be a perkett deere, ko (he had foure dugs like vnto a cowe fullof 
mille, which made ys much to marueile. And alter we had flapeo off her line, the flellh ſeemed 
mo ze like the fleth of a goate, then of a detre. Ile killed likewiſe a gray conte, in ſhape like vnc 
thole of Nueua Eſpanna, and another as blacke as heben wood. In the cottages at the ſhelter a 
boue, where we brake our cable , we found many pine - nuts opened, Which ein mine opimon/ the 
Indians had gathered together to eate the kernels ol them. On Mundap the 23 of the laid no 
neth, we rove at anker, taking our plealure and paſtune with hihing, And the Tozthwel wine 
began ta blow, whicl wared fo great a little before midnight, as it was wonderfull: fothae a 
though we were vnder the ſhelter of the Alland. and greatly ocfended lrom that wind, yet fo al 
that it was Co furious. and the fea became fo raging and boite rous, that it greatly Mook dur thips, 
aud we were in great feare of breaking our cables, whereof (to fap the trueth / we had very much 
neede : for hauing lpe nt longer time in this voyage then we looked fog, wee had bꝛoken wo, and 
loſt two of our beſt anke rs. This furious winde continued vntill the next day being Ccuſoy 
the 24 when as we went on {hore with the kriers. ho layd vs malle, recommending our felues o 
Gon, beleeching him to vouchfate to fuccour and help vs with lome good weather that wemghe 
pꝛoceede on our voyage, to the aduancement ot his leruice. And ill the winds were fohgh and 
outragious that the deuill ſeemed to be loole v in the aire. CLibercupon the Pilots cauled al the 
matts to be let Downe, lead they (ould be ſhaken with the wind and tooke off all the frowns d 
like wile cauled the cabbeus in the lerne to be taken away, thy the winds might haue moye rer 
patlage for the ſafetie of the ſhipsʒ yet for al this the y ceaſe n not to be in great trouble. On cu 
day the fecond ol March, about midnight oz ſome what after, riding vnder the Illand inthis w 
ftrefle, there came a quit of Noꝛthweſt winde, which made the cable ol the Admiral to ſliy, ano 
the Trinitic bꝛake her cable, and had bene caſt away f Hod of his mercy han not pꝛouided sors, 
together with the diligence which the Pilots vfeo, in horfing the lailes of the trinkets and men, 
wherewith they put to ſea, and rode by another anker untl day, when the men of boch the dys 
went with their boats to lecke the auke r vntill noone, Which at length they found and recoucrer, 
not without great patnes q diligence whichthey vled in dzagging fop it, lo they were tullncone 
in leekung the lame, and had much adoe to recouer it. Alter this we ſet vp our how dcs, aal 
things nec eſſary to laile, foꝛ to pꝛocetde on out voyage, it it ple aled God, and not to fMapslwapes 
in that place, as lott and loꝛloꝛne. Thus ou che CTledne ldap two op thace houres after duet wee 
{et lalle, with ~ (carce winde at Southe aſt, which was fauourable fo our tour ſe and very (cant; 
and our i9tlots ¢ all the reſt of vs were in no final feare, that it would not continue long. CUche⸗ 
gran therkoze tolet fo: ward, altbough we ſecmer to (ee belo ze our eies. chat at the eu of the Jud 
we ſhould mecte with contrary winde at Moth and Mopthwett, This day about eucningwhen 
our (hips had diſcouered the point of this Ille ol Cedars, wee began to perceiue thole conttarp 
windes, and the (ea to goe lo loltilp, that it was terrible to beholb. And the farther we wet, the 
moje the winds increalen, fo that thep put vs to great diltreſle, fapling alwayes wich the beate 


of our mainefaile and trinket warily in our hands, and wich great diligence we looled che tiesof 


all the latles to laue them the better, chat the wind might not charge them too vehementiy. Fo 


all this the mariners thought it bett to returne backe, and that by no means we Mould rune lartt 
into the le ,becaule we were in ertreame danger. TAhereupon wee kollowed their counſtl. tues 
ning backe almolt to the plate from whence we de parted, whereat we were al not alittle grieucd, 
began to want many things fo2 the furniture of 
our thips, The8 ol March being Munday about noone the Generall commanded vs to fet lalt, 
fo) a {mail gaie of winde bit w from tie Tet, wijich was the wind tobercof we had mo nerd s 
follow our voyage, whereat wee were all glad fo2 the great deſire which we had co depart out of 
that place. Therefore we began to let laile, x to palle toward the point of the Alland, and to * 


becaufe we could not profecute our voyage, and 


—— 


Fran 


bur cout 
al 7 Aland, a 
which ine 
them er. 
the place 
mung and 
if we thou 
fhelter,w 
with a ſcn 
winde at 
nung being 
we all reia 
toe of ra 
pleaſure in 


mu fering | 
nete vs, 
bers, and fl 
all dap until 
wuherppon i 
turne vp an 
came to an 
her. On Pe 
malle, and u 
had receiuei 


toward be 


Returnin 
clude, 
Efpam 
withel 

Hen we 
Patch, 
and wanted n 
New Spaine, 
toreturne, bu 
could not prot 
that the Santa 
— of th 
$ bop 
were —＋ 


ſco de Ulloa, 


nd refreth andſoluce 
and feeking ofien o 
ire chither againe for 


the General went on 
alley which they fare 
with certaine dogges 
rtaine deere, whereof 
ol a wild goat then 
ke vnto a cowe full of 
inne, the fled) ſeemen 
nie, in ſhape like burg 
tages at the ſhelter a 
(in mine opinion) the 
the 23 of the laid no 
the Nozthweſl wume 
ondertull: ſothat a 
that wind, pet fo al 
reatly ſhook our thips, 
th) we had very much 
e had broken wo, any 
dap being Cewhay 
mending our {elves to 
peather that wenghe 
vinds were fohigh end 
e Pilots cauled all the 
off all the ſlnowds au 
might haue moe free 
at trouble. On cu 
the Aland inthis vi 
Admiral to lip, un 
and not prowidedforys, 
e trinkets and missen, 
emen of boch the hs 
v found and reccutttd, 
opehep were tillnooue 
our ſhꝛowdes, and all 
imd not to ſtapelwapes 
dures after dumtr wee 
tour ſe and very ſcuut 
ontinue long. (eb. 
at the end of the Jud 
Ay about euening when 
erceine thoſe conttary 
e farther we went, the 
wayes with the fheates 
te we looled the tits el 
too vehemently. Fo 
we should runne farce 
wed their counſt. tur · 
e al not alictle grieucd, 
ages for the furniture of 
umanded vs to fet alle, 
of we had en ker #2 
we had to depart out of 
the Aud, te 


New Spaine, as 


n wel dou 


turne vp and do wne, as (he had done 


her. On Palme. ſunda 
maſſe, and we went in 
bad receiued that holp 


Her we continued vn 


Perch, on which day wee conſulted together, that — the 
and wanted — — pꝛoceede any further, it were bell log vs to returne backe to 


aballep we found verp excellent fr 
bolidayes 


ger, 


bie it. vntil € after d ip about 
to ſet our felues about th 


we were all wel 


dur courſe tuward the caaſt of the fitine land, to diem the lieuation thereot, 
1 Aland ano were bet burt it and the maine, the Noꝛthweſt being a contraty 
which inevealed fo by degrees, that we were confrained co let fall the bonet 


uherbpon the General commanded = Wy? ( uld rive io longer at anker, 
befoge in at ar v, which he did ald 
came to an anker ouer againſt a fret) water ‘oie what lower, and he ey ag ea oo 
p we e {hore with 
Mocellian with branches in our hands. And ſo being c 
Sacrament, we returned to our ſhips. * 
Chap. 16. 


e furnithing vp of the Trinuy: a 


re 
— at anker vnt ill Chur lday. And on Friday — . 
wh aſcate winde in comming forth vnto the point ofthe flano, | 
winde at Noꝛthweſt: whereupon running . with the a oy — 2 — 
ning being S.Lazarus bap and the 13 of march, we came in ſight thereo 
ve all tetoyted, and we ſoulbiers would very willingly haue gone on (h 
Move of rane like the raine in Caſſilia, and 
plealure in beholding the lituation of that 
diſcouered a pleaſant valley and plaines ot 
garland ol mountains, At length fo) fear 
dere oz appꝛoch neere the land 
 conftratned to put to fea; ü 


. duertize the Marques of our luccelle 
dꝛed out pꝛoceeding, and in what cafe wee ſtoode and howe wee 
furniture. And be cauſe the Trinitie was t ˖ 5 


i we went vnder a point of this land, becauſe it w re 
sgh kane te ene Ge onetbay, barney m Fun lag erf ince 


Here we ankered very neere the e, and 
eth water, wherof we made no (mal account, æ —— all 


nd after the worke 
wag 


and rode hard bp 
n vnto vs and (ain 


— — — —— ̃ ͤ ͤU— — — 
424 The Englith Voyages, &c. Franciſco de Ula. 


— . ..... areata 
was taken in hand by the twa Maſters which were very ſufficient calkers (one ol which was luna 
Caftiliano chiefe Pilot, and the other Peruccio de Bermes) thep ſiniſhen che fame fo weil in ia 
pean ty ca ere 
to any ol the leames. Afterward they menden the other hip from Saturday till Mundap dum 
e 


. 7 —— — 2 th gocd md 
dle dene Tant, that in Gre bapes it bought us to — of Sama Cruzstoy ois 


e great blefling of God we gaue buto him And here we began to allom our (dues 

a greater pꝛopoꝛtion ef victuals then wee has done before , fo wee had eaten very — 

feare leſt our victuals would falle vs. Before we came to this point of the hauen of Sant 
Puata ds Balenss by lite 07 ſeuen leagues we ſam on (hope between certame valleys diuers great ſmobes. da 

uing paſled the D — — — 

an: pet although we ran a ſwift courſe, aboue 300 whales came athwart of vs in 2073 fu 

within one houres (pace, Which were ſo huge, as it was twonverfull, eee 

neere vnto rhe ſhip / hat they lw / vaper che lame from one Give to another stobereupon be butt 

CCC 

rous and good winde, and made much wap, whereby it could cecetue no harme, although an 

ched and ftrooke the fame. 

Among theſe llands are ſuch abunvance of hole weedes, that if at any time wee wert ini 


moſt extellint. 
e. Bue: — ae — — . — — 
16 Alter this ſbip the Sante A — — — 
aut de ene ae gn de a A —— 
ter the e foure 2 ſiue dayes, (he departed fop Ac : 
„3 steribesepermmeel geen Aqpedete ites bane 


Dicouerp 
sepbegeees anoabelfe of Hoꝛtherly tatituve, an 
— — — ton tat ui di dice 


Th 


S dns Titer a 


tone of th 


fal toller, and w 


(co de Ulloa, 


Fernando Alarchon, Trattiq uesand Difcou 
$$ sand Dile 


eries. 4.25 
— — — 
e of which was lun : aoe : 
lame Co weil in fag The relation of the haulgation and difcouery which Captaine 
pater could enter in, Fernando Alarchon made by the order of the right honourable Lord Don 
till poy — Antoniode Mendoca Vizeroy of New Spaine,dated in Coma an hauen of New Spaine, 
2 5 
together, and del Fernando eAlarchon after he had fuffered a ſtorme, arrived with his Fleete at the hauen of 
be place, where try Saint lago, and from thence at the hauen of watanal: he wasin great perill in ſeeking 
ur leaues of the t todiſcouer a Bay, and — » of che fame he diſcouered a riuet on the coaſt with a 
varture ſhed no eus current,entring into the fame,and coallin along he difcried a ft! 
fter Iuan Caftilian, dians with their Neapons: with ſignes hee hath — wich them, . (tile ocst 
the fift ot apud, y great danger teturne th to his thips; 
ce wer had taken 
be wire nowuj,jw rT Hee ſaile with two trips, the 
to touchat. am i =f NN Ster being Admiirall, and the other Saint Catherine, aud wer 
ed bs to fate Me nN forwa amg tO goe to the hauenol Saint lago of good hope: but before 
nd after board M had a terrible tonne, wherewith they which were in the 
herine, being Moje afraid then was neede, taſt ouer boogn 
ofthe Alland un x ANCE, two ankers and one cable, and many other things as 
3 . AS , Alloone — we se — 238 , 
witht receiued, pꝛouided my lelle o things The nauen o 
lung them into the beaple tubich looked amp comming, an vireeteo mp courfe 15 eis 
bis day the weather ö chere arrlued J vnderliod teat the General Frau cis The bauen ot 
atti be diftreteg Vazquez de Coronado was Departed with all his people: whereup n taking the thip called . 
de true helper un GRE Saint Gabriel which tarrled diccuals fo2 the armie J led her with mee to put in execution pour 
pnightebe Laach ps oer. Afterward J wed my courte along the coatt Without departing from the 
rom the fame alte l could ftapanp coker, op any Indian which could glue me knowledge of him: and 
bett log Beh, Vids mis unnd rt, aher beep pos burns, fon che tips whereof Capt atne 
ta Crux: ſaꝭ uiichſo Francis de Vllua was Gencrall for the Harqueſſe de Valle neither we 
to allom our lan then Wwe wire come to the flats and thoalog 
en very in al well to me as to the reit, 
auen of Sant 
ras (mokes, Aube 
into the maineDe 
. — i he head thereof 
tim ene the head thereof: 
— bt commanded Nicolas Zamorano Hilote maioꝛ, and Dominic o del Caſtello that — 
the Whip baer , chan ſpould take a boate and cheit lead in theit hands, and runne in among thoſe ſhoalos, to fee 
e, although uu k bey could find out the chanell whereby the ſhippes nught enter in: to whom it ſeemed that the 
dps might ſaile vp bigber (although with great trauell and danger) and in this fore I and he be⸗ 
ime wee wert ii; gan to follow our way which they bad taken, and within a ſhozt white after wee found our ſelues 
rterne op lm: lattonche ſanda with all our thee ſhips, in ſuch fore that one could not helpe another, neither could 
the water. Chart the boates fuccour vs, becaufe the current was ſo great that it was impollible fo. one of vs to 
This weede sme HF ame duto mother: whereupon we were in ſuch 
mnDcrcatoprbaralis I wesoftencimes 
beim. pare the not ſo great as ours. Powe it pleated Gov vpon the teturne of 
——— 5 the rkg cameon ote, and lo wee welt mad. Aud although the conpany 
ett vntil this ia 


this to for, A to purſue 35 
rena hub muh vor, turning ome dem, Heer at 


ap, 
we tame tothe cg bo 
Founda verpmighte nr tube eanne with o great re ge 
— ban mühe ee nee could to 

au e hips, and twenty men, mp lelſe 
go Maldonado reaſurer of this } Can “ 


fleet, anv Gafpar de 
ol eiche uit Agent 
* 


— —— eae ͤ ͤ fũ4—Z. 
4.26 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Fernando Alarchon, 


all mp company, that none of ehem ſhould ftirre nop vſe any ligne, but he whom A appopnted. aL 


Thevgorvy thou zh wee found Indians. Che fame pay, which was Churſday the fire and twentieth of Ay, 

Nane oe guſt, following our boyage with drawing the boats wich halfers we ment about ſome 6 leagues, 

26 ol Muguſt. and the next day which was Frivay by the bit ake of day thus following our way vpward, J fay 
certaine Indtans which went toward certaine cottages neere vnto the water, who affoone ag 
they law vs, ten oz twelue of them role vp furioullp, and crying with a loud wepce , other ol their 
companions came running togethec to the number of yo which with all hatte carried out of ihen 
cottages (uch things as they had, and layd them vnder certaine ubs and manp of them came 
running toward that part wherher wee appꝛoched, making great lignes vnto vs that we ſhoul 
goe backe againe, bing great the atnings againſt vs, one while running on this fide and an othr 
white on that five, I Ceeing them in ſuch a rage, cauſed our boates to lanch trim the thore inty 
the middes of the riuer, that the Judtans might be out ol leare, and J rode at anker , and (ct my 
people in as good oꝛder as J could, charging them that no man (ould ſpeaht. no make any figne 
no? Motion, noʒ ſtitre out of his place, nop ſhould not be offended log any thing that the Juz 
did, nop ſhould ſhewe no token of warte: And by this meanes the Indians came eucry fone 
neere the riuets five to lee vs: and J gate by lutle and little coward them where the riutt It. 
med to be deepeſt. In this meane {pace there were aboue two hunt zed and fiftie Indians alley, 
bled tegether with bowes andatrowes, and with certaine banners in warreltke Cope in ſuth m 
ner as choſe ol New Spayne doe vfe : and percetuing that A dꝛewe toward the (hope, they came 
with great cryes toward vs with bowes and arrowes put into them , and with kheir banners np 
played. And J went onto the ſtemime of my boate with che interpzeter which J carried wiy 
me, whom A communden to (peake vnto them, and when be ſpake, they neither vnderſtood hm, 
nop he them, although betauſe they fate him to be after their fathion, then Maped themieiurs; 
and fecing this I dꝛewe neerer the (hope , anv they with great cryes came to keepe mee from iht 
fhoze of the riuer, cable hennnns — —4 


in recompence certaine beades and other things, and he returning with them vnto bis 

began to looke vpon them, and to parlep together, and within a while after many ol them cane 

toward me, to whom I made ſignes to lay to mne their banners, and to le aue their weapons: which 

they did tucontinently,then I mane ſignes that they ſboulo lay them alte cher, and Cheuls qe i. 

five from them, which like wile they did: end they tauſed thole Indians which newiy came thi 

ther ta leaue them, and to lay them together wih the rell. Alter this J called ihem vun ne, 

and to all them which came J gaue ſome ſmal trifle, ning tbem gently, and by this time they ut 

fo maup that came thnonging about mee, that I thought I could not Ray any longer in lui v 

mong them, and J mave ſignes vnto the mthat the y ſhould withdꝛam themſelues, and tha ix 

would anv al vpon the five of an bill which was there bet werne a plaine o the tiuer, and thet hep 

would not pelle to me aboue ten at a time. And immediatly che mol ancient among them calla 

vnto them with a loud voyce, willing them to do ſo: and ſome ten 02 tw e ol them came what 

A was: wher feeing my ſelle in Come ſeturitie, I determined to coe on land the mepe @ 

put them out ol ftare : and lo mp moge ſecuritie, I made ſignes vnto them, to fic do wnt on the 

ground which they did: but when they fate that ten oz twelue of my companions came a fhoyed 

ter me, they be gamto be angry, and I made ſignes vnto them that we wauld be friends. md ta 

they ſhould no: (eare,t herewithal they were pacified ann (ace Down as they did befope nd J went HAE 
imbꝛacev chem, giuing them ci ttain tt mine interppeter to pcckt f 

fop A greatip velicen to bnderſhandtheit maner of (pec, and the crp which cbep men 


wouln glavip eate,andebep j 
and they mane fignes vuco inte that they deſirrd to let an harquebuſe ſpotte 


0 Alarchon, 


n Jappopnted. al. 
twentieth of Au. 
it ſome 6 leagues; 
ay bpwwart x | faty 
r, who affcone a 
pte, other of their 
carried out of their 
aup ol them came 


anker, and (ct mp 
nop make cnp 
y that che Ju 


e ſboze, they came 
thei 


aud one as it liked hm belt, Ds 
tien enried vilards before them of the fame ala lich ba ee tage of 


N rowes af hard mood emdtwo cz thzee fopts of maces of wood harden 


Fernando Alarchon, Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


427 


TT ay 
to be diſcharged, and they were all wonderkullp afraid, ertept two oz theee ulde m 


en among them 
ere afrayd: and 
and to lay hold 
on ther weapons: ham when J fourheco appeaſe, I would haue giuen him a fitken girdle of 
diuers colours, and het in a great rage bitte bie nether lippe truellp and gaue me 
bis elbowe on the the bzelt, and turned in a great furie to fpeake vnto his conmpany. After that J 
faw them aduance their banners, J determined to ceturne my ſelle gently to my bootes, and 
with a im il gale of wind J fet layle, whereby wee might breake the Current whic 
great, although my romp iny were nut well pleafen to gor any karther. In the meane ſpace the 
Gnvias cane following vs along the hore of the tiurt, Making fignes that J thouto cone on 
land. and chat they would gine mee food to eate, lome of them fucking their fingers and others 
turred into the water with certaine cakes ol Mais to giue me them in my boate. 


Chap. 2. 


Of che habite, armour and ſtature of che I ndians, A relation of many others with whom he 
had by ſignes traffique, victuals and many courtelies, 


this nt we went vp two leagues, and arriurd neere a xliffe of an bill, wh 
— — newly, where 


thepmtade fignes vnto me, erying trat J thould go thlthe r. ety 
ing me the fame withthtir handes ˖ 


us came 


} face all oucr,fome had 
their faces halke touered, but all befinouchen with tale, 


ans 
noutched 
tai 


facts. They weare le, 
on their heads a piece of a Deeres f hinne two fpannes broad fet after the mne ; 8 


ner of a helmet, and 
Munk certaine [mall ticks with Come fortes of fetbers. Their we 
tit people, well feitured, and without any 


which bane 
geth do wur behind like a taple. Libeuuiſe on the ii æwne of then they weare a ſereit tring, 
which they wind fo often about that it becommeth as byond as ones hand, They weare certaine 
pieces of Deeres bones fattened to their armes, werewith they Hrike off the ſweate, and at khe os 
ther certaine {mall pipes ol tauc g. They carry allo tertame little lo 


baggrs about an hand Pore 
hose tped to their left arme, which ſerue them alfoin ſtead of beaters’ fo their 


che powder ol a tertaine herbe, whereofehey make a tertalne 


beuerage. Ctey haue their bos 
9 bits teareo with coles,chetr halte cut befope,and be | 


7 and Roe in the the middcſt of chem, who wn. 


Matz and toll of the Came 


hnougbt mie not lomerhing, and before they 
Naa gaue 


ana 
ot Cas 


deri den beganta give fome of thote ibeis and beaes and Nag 
one mught me tert aine fu mes well ellen, and others 


lp grund. ſo that none ol chem came vnto me chat 


TheEnglith Voyages, &c. Fernando Alarchon, 


gaue it me going alittle way from mee they began to cry out amapne,andmane a ligne with then 
bodies and armes, and afterward they approcten to giue me that which they brought. And now 
that the Sunne begaune to ſet I put off (rom the Chore and rove in the midde ſt of the riuer. Che 
nert moꝛning before byeake of dap on both fides of the tiuer wee heard grrattr cryes and of mos, 
Indians, which leaped into the riuer cofwimme, and they came to bing mee certaine gourdtz 
fullof Malz, and of thole mpethes which J ſpake ol before, I Metres vnto them e dAheate am 
Beanes, and other ſeedes, to (ce whether they hav any of thole kindes: but they ſht wed mee thy 
they bad no knowledge of tbem, and wond ed at all of chem, and by fignes J came to vnde lam 


* notable Por that the thing which they molti eſtermed and reuerenced was the Dunne: and J Lignified vary 


warmes of 
people 


them that I came from the Dunne. Wilereat they matueiled, and then they began to beboire 
me from the toppe to the toe, and ſhewed me moze fauour then they did befope: and when J atkr 
them koz food, they brought me fuch abundante that A was inforeed twiſe to call fon the bon 
to put it into them. and from that time fopward of all the thifigs which they brought me they 

vp into the ayde one part vnta the Dunne, and alter ward turned towards me to give mee ther 
ther part: and ſo J was alwayes better ſerued ann eſleemed of them as well in diawing of tte 
boats vp the riuer, as alfo in giuing me food to eat: and they ſbewed me fo great loue, that when) 
ſtaped they would haue carried vs in their armes vnto their houles: and in no kind of thing ih 
would byeake my commandement : and oz my ſuretie. I willed them not to carry anp weapons 
in my light: and they were fo care lull to doe fo, that i any man came newly thither with tem 
ſuddenlythey woul goe and meece him to caufe him to lay them do une farre from mee: any 
ſhewedthem that J tooke great pleafure in their ſo doing: and to ſome of the chiefe of than J 
gaue certaine little and other trifles ; fd if J Gould haue giuen ſome what to euer om 
of them in particular, all the mall mares in New Spayne would not haue ſufficed. Sometimes 
it fell out (ſuch was the great loue and good wil they ſhewe d me that if any Indian came 
thither by ehance with their weapons, and if any one being warned to leaue them behind him i 


by negligente, oz becauſe he vnderſtood them not at the fied warning de had not layd them stup, 


An exceeding 
great current 
ofthe riuer. 


they would runne vnto him, and take them from him by keyte, and would byeake them in pirces in 
my pretence, Alterward they tooke the rope ſo louingiy, and with Ariving one with anotzn int, 
that we han no need to pray them ta dor it. CUlheretehe il we hen not hav chis belpe, the curvemot 
the riuer being exceeding great, and our men that dꝛe lu the rope being not well acqunintt with 
that occupation, it would haut beene impolſible foꝛ vs to haue gott en vp the riuer fo againt cht 
ſtreame. Ciben J perceiuen that they vnderſtood mee in all things, and that J like wiſe nut. 
ſtoode them, I thought goon to try by Come wap oz other to make a good entrance to find (ome 


g. d Tue to obtaine mp deſire: And J caufed certaine truſlts to be mave of certaine {mall ticks 
ano paper, and among others when J gaue any ching I gaue them theſe as things of mot mie 
and liilſrd them, making lignes vnto them that they ſhould honour them and make great actont 
ol them. and that they ſboulb 


they 
Ipt ec thereat when they did fo,and 
— will, and — I gere them of thoſe 


maner that day A was very well ac that when night appꝛoched 
peeves —9—ç— n — 
me to depart, faping would returne the nert day wich victuals to me and 

and little they departed, ſo that there Raped not aboue fl itie which made fires out r againtt w. nm 
llayed there al night calling vs. nd befope the day was perfectly bꝛoken, they leapt tuto the ware 
and wanne vnta vs aſtung fop the rope, and me goue it them with a good dull, thanking Goo in 
the good ywuiſion which hee gaue ba tt go vpthe riuer: fop the Anntans were fo minp chi 
— . 

done it. . 


Chap. 3. 

One ofthe Indians vnderſtanding the ; sche interpreter, ssketh many queftions of 
the originail of the Spaniards, he telleth him that their Captaine is the child of the Sune, 
and that he was ſent ofthe Sunne vnto them, and they would haue received him fortheit 
king. They take this Indian into their boat, and of him they haue many informations of 
thar countrey, 

— maner we lalled vntil Tutſbay at night ving e we hy te wont, caufing mine inter 
eee eee e corn: cout eee ee 


tome out of 
Cote ithe as 


0 Alarchon, 


ta ligne with ther 
ought, And now 
ol the riuer. Che 
erpes and of more 
cettame gourdez 
hem eAheate any 
v ſhe wed mee thar 
ame 10 — 
DF liguities vun 
began to behoing 
and when J afkey 
call for the boats 
ght me they 
to giue mee ode 
m Dpawwing of tte 
t loue, that when 
kind of thing thep 
arty anp weapons 
Hither with chem, 
from mee: m 
e chiefe of then 9 a 
what to euery ut 
fired. Dometines 


Fernando Alarchon, 


thar ong an wered hun, whereupon y cauſed 
but onely that which J laid vnto him: and 
pꝛeter vnderſtood, that he w 


1 


be anlwered, 


ng vnto me fayd 
{crue 


athe 
be coped out 
* 


range nit 


auoyd 
och, 
boat with bs: and he reſuling to 
on the other fine N a b 


ol him, and gaue him the bellen 
when J iudgrd him to be out of all 

countrey. Aud ani 

tuet Tene anp men like 
lang chat hee bab fometione he 
ae ft Die other 
ala him 
tac, any hee 


D mee no. 


. as J Moon Mill that that — 
with great furte ; all ot them beganne to dꝛawe toge the 
to the people with gr — — 


bim, and me, and others: that the 
had many other bulinelle 


ten; tbat berp Fare 
white Men, and with beardes like vg, and that hee 
alfo whether hee knewe & place called Ceuola , 


CApeteupon perceiuing char 
Na 3 


Tratfiques and Diſcoueries. 


the boates to be ayed, and called him 
peritoove, charging mine interpzeter that bee ſhould not f j 


which Lee vn · 
Peakeno? anſwere him any thing elle, 
r, and mine inter⸗ 
, f deſired to knawe what 
of the watet, oz aut ofthe earth, 


pointing vnt 
ö agaiue 
nd neuer ſtoode lll 


U 
lone and rifing in the mops 
D chat they euer ſawe bing 
count rep from whence hee 

and that nowe hee 


Not all ot 
hab be 
nine Knew well that th 


‘as but 
bee our 
derem ne dene 
and to giue 
un e te hene 


put him 

e; and there J 
bim alwapes 
bim ſoꝛe ; 


8 


Lare: 

don. Mbltr nun. 
mee anp 
huowlenge 


beganto ſpeake % wife benife, 


JJ ee io 
430 The Englith Voyages, &c. Fernando Alarches, 


from the warre. J pꝛapco him to tell me what they did with the mri which ti ex Ailey n u FE ofthe other 
tell: he anfwered me thar hey tooke out the hearts of Come okt, ehem and otters % e longagoou 
burned; and he xpded,thas (fit had not bene lod mp tomming, ch horn haue bin now m: FR eothemcol 
and becaufe I commander them that they ſbon d not wer, and cha: they theulo cee’e from * f 
thetekoze as long as J ſboi d not command them to take armes, they would not begin z vay RS therefore m 
watre againſt otbers, x chey Cato among theme lues that ſeting J come vnto them, they ha eth vs ſo we 
ouer there intention of making war ke. that they bad a good mind to liue in peate. he cu benden anos 
Eertaine ware plained of certaine people whte h welt bet na Amountaine which made great wat vpon ien, done tothe o 
wee, ng lety mary of thet: A ant weed bim ib u trom bencefoywwarD they Nov notte iel iE a becter will 
tame. ny more ,becaule had comanren them to be quiet, xi dey won d not ober my commanvemes, pptheriuer, 
A wouldchaten them and kill then . Ve enquicry of me how A rand kill them lee wea Te them 
tem and they fo meny in number. And becauſe it was now ie, md shat I Lum that by hte tet. Aus tha 
he mas tava to ile any longer buith me, A iet him gor cue of np bow: an here with A n find people u 
hun ey welt content, a 


knowledge of Francis Vazquez. nop of bis company, A determinev to ac he him other things of Great ii 

oth that count rey, ando their maner of like: and beganne to cnquire of him, whether they helde thar fhoulo io} 
i there was one Gov, creator of beauen and earth, cp that they wopthippen anp other Tool, Any fe great vel 

| Cg 82 hee anfweredmee no: but that they elte emed and reuerenced the Dunne aboue all other things, dioates w 
Fes Heca.rie dt warmed them und made their croppesto rome: and that of all things which they vip fhoare act 
1 cate, thep call a little vp imo the axe vnto him. A Ached him next wbetter they bad any Lowy, fF lung vsof 
Ke and icetapdeno: bucebsethepknetne well chat there was agrest Lobe, but they knetwe ne fe irc aono 
a, well which way hee wei’. Aud J toloe him that hee was in heauen, and that bee wan cally leut behind 
1 leſus Chtilt, and J went no farther in diuimitie with bim. A alken him whether they han any dune theilt 

N ſaatre. and for what occation, Pee anſwered ihat they had ware, and that very great, anny, fe infuchert 
ig du exteeding (mall occasions : fog when they had no cauſe to make warre, they aflemblen tun. was great 
14 cher, and ſome of them layd, let vs goe to make warrt in uch a plate, and then al: of them fet ij. . wbichtber 
it ward mith their weepons, J alu edthem who commanded the armie she answered the eldend i not leaue t 
ey moll vall nt, and chat when they Capo chepthoutd prececne no farthe r, bat ſrubt nin they ret FR mee with ¢ 


——s a 
2 — 
. : = 
2 


Chap. 4. 
Of hein vnd other chiefe men of thott Indians they receiue great ſtore of vidul Hy hefloes 
they coi e chem io fet vpacrofle intheir countreys and hee teacheththemtoworhhip, Hae tobich 
The y haue newes “yi ny. 29 eid divers languages, 5 in a lap re — 
ny jiow they puriſh adultery oftheir opinions concerning the dead, andofthe ſcla 
00 which they are ſubiect vnto. i : 4 . 


We were vap betimes inthe mopning came che chiefe man among them called Naguacaro, tuld me chat t 

and witheo me to come on land betauſe he bad great ope ot victuals to gtue me. Anoberanie . "eather: w 
Ilan my ſelfe in lecuritie 2 did Co without doubting; and incentinentiy an olde man em bih TR 
rols of that tertaine litle goutds, and calling me with a loud voyte and vling many gels 
tut es with his body and armes, came neere vnto me, and tauling me to turne me vnto thn 
and hee himfetfe alſo turning vnto them ſayd vnto them, Sagueyca, and all the pecple 
with a popce, Hu, and hee offred to the Sunne a litele of euerp thing that he bab there, n 
Ine wie a little mone vnto me (although after ward he gat me all the tell) and did the Hr 


that were with mere telling out mine interpreter, by meanes of him A gaue them thanks, ting went 
them that bet ule my boats were litle Ahad not bought many things to giue them in erehage, boade Chere ant 


but that Z would come againe another time and bang them, and that if they would go toith mes 
my boates vnto my hips which 2 had beneathat the riuers mouth, J woulo gine them my 
things. Chey anſwerrd that they would do ſo, being very glad in cuuntenance, Here heb 


to bi me a piece ottimber, wherol I tauled a great crolle to be made, and communded unt 
that were with mee that wen it was made they ſbould woꝛlhip it, and befeech the Loyote hm 


lo Alarches, 


him other things of 
her they helde that 
ny other Jvol. Any 
ue all other things, 
ings which they dip 
bey had any Lont, 
ut they kne we nut 
that hee was called 
ether they ban any 
verp great, and vp, 
bey ullembled tog, 
nal! of them fee in 
wered the eldeſl n 
worn they recite 
h the lle n n un 
hem and ot er % 
ue bin now Hie 
w cents from isngs, 
not begin fs we 
vnto them, ther ha 
ue in peace. he com, 
teat wat bpon tem, 
d not neep te lee 
my com m andenme, 
m leeing we har 
a that by ytine 
here with F mme 


sat ſtore of viduals, 
hthem to worhipi, 
uſtomes in matimo- 


d, and of the fickneh 


vano ithe brad 
e them chanks, cling 


Fernando cA larchon, Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


g 431 
Great hope ol people followed the Came, anv they chat dayed bebino 
thett bands, and yow wo}thip the Cames ana ch dan ag Frag 


cherte man of the Cou we 


shat The riner in 
cttbem, hota r fn tor ee 
bether they were well fet 
A see chee Ong of the riuer 
nubichthey had lnoughe me. And receiue the victuals 
5 f enuied the other, becaute 
not leaue them diſcontented, I did fo, me another old man Nenne — Another om 
bad done "a. 
. 5 Nod pou fee how 
: world, and we laughe 
ttheſe. And if you wil not 


therefore mente, ſceing 


¥ gaue 
igence to learne <b v4 
cople, whom mine 
| Sine 
And chat pp man 
find people which would vnderſtand 


— 
rat Ta 


mad 
9 24ND dwelling in 
tbe plapnetotbup tn teak bine, n, 


alwapes hig oz els 


be the 
berechac wi gaue bers cece weve tap dat m e 


luna chat be would haue her: and Co the 


— mariage was made, And that the 


ching to gine the pong woman 
. me and from 


2 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Fernando eAlarchun. 


in their polleſſions, and wrought: and that if bp chance anpone hab company with men before 
fhe were maried, ber hulband fo} (ooke her, and went away into other Countreyes: and that thoſt 
women which fell into this fault, were attomptrd naughty packs. And that if after they wert m · 
ted, any man werecaken in adulttry with another woman the y put him to drath: and that no man 
Cher bine Might haue moze then one wife, but very lecretiy. Cbey tulde mie that they burned thole which 
ibn dead. dyedz and ſuch as temayned widowes, Raped halle a peere, ax a whole peere befuze they matics, 
I delired to know what they thought of (uch as were dend. Wee told me that they went to anor; 
worl, but that they had nett her puniihment nop glop. Che greateſt ficknetle that this ptople dy 
of is vomiting of blood by the mouth: and they baue Phylictons which cure them with charms 
and blowing which they make. Cheapparell of chele people were like the fopmer : they turn 
Pipes to heit pipes with them to perfume chemtetues, like as che people of New Spaine ule Tabacco, J 
duale Tabace inquired whether thep had any gouernour, ind found that they had none. bit that euety Fomily hay 
2 no, thie Ceucrall generndur. Chote baue beſides their Mai tertaine gourds , and ansteht 
ad gourds, dogne lihe vnto M l: they baue grindstones ¢ earthen pors, toberein cep bople tbole gude an 
Srindetones, lich ofthe river, which are very Good. My interpreter could goe no farther then this place: top ig 
aucb ah. lad chat cote which we (ould find farther on our way. were their enemies, and therefore Jö 
bim backe very well contented, Not long alter Itſpled many Indian to come crying with 
loude voice, and running after me. A Cayed coknow what thep would banc; and they tolo reihe 
pte tiuer o · they had lec vp the crofle which I had giuen tbem in the midſt of their Dwellings as J bad appon 
uerflowerd his ted, but that I was to wit, that when the tiuer did duet flow , it was wont to reach to that plic, 
banks tens therelope thep praped met to gine ehem leane to remoueit, and tu let tt in auother place wher 
the riuet could not tome at it, no carry it away: which A granted them. 


Chap.5. 
Ofan Indian ofthat countrey they haue relation ofthe {tate of Ceno/a , and of the condi. 
ons and cuftomes of thefe — oftheir gouernour: and likewife of the cos 


not farre diſtant from thence, whereof one was called Qnicema, and the other Cs: of 
the people of Q.sicoma,and of the other Indians not farre diſtant they receiue councfi, 


fapling, J came where were many Indians, and another interpreter, which J cult 
Colne ane come with me in my boat, And becanle it was cold,¢ my people were wet, J leapt on pre, 


and commanded a Gre to be made, and as we food thus warming our felues, an Indian cam ap 
Lrooke me on the armt, pointing with bis linger to a wood, out ol which A Caw two companies of 
men come their weapons, ¢ be told me that they came to let bpon vs: ¢ becauſe I mem itt tg 
fall out with any ol them, A retired my companp into our boats, o the Andians which were wup 
me ſwam into the water, and ſaued themſelues on the other ide or the riuer. In the mean: (raion 
A inquired ot chat Indian which A had with me. what people they were that came out ol woe: 
and he told me that they were their enemies, and therefore thele others at their approch without 
ſaying any wozd leayt into ihe water: and did ſo, betauſe they meant to turne bat ke agains, wring 
without weapons, be tauſe ihey brought none with them, becauſe they vnderfood my wil ¢ ples 
fire, that tht y ſbould carp none. J inquirev the Came thing ol this interpꝛcter which J hardone 
of the other of the things of that countrep, betauſe J vndetſtaod that among ſome people vm am 
vſed to haue many wiues,and among others but one. Now I vnderſtood by him, that he hidbn 
at Ceela, and that it was a moneths journey from his country, and that from that place ys 
Sung don path that went along that tiuer a man mighteafily trauel thither in al. daies, and that theo. 
thence by the ion that moue d him to goe thither, was only to fee Cemola,becaule i wa great thing lad 
very hie houſes of tone of 3. or . loſts and windowes on ech ſide: chat che houſes werecom 
paſſed about with a wall conteining the height ofa man & an halſe, ad that aloft & benen 
they were inhabited wich people, and chat they vſed the fame a others vfed,which 
we had ſeene, that is to fay, bowes & arrowes,maces fteues & bucklers: and that they had ove 
ouernot, i that they were apparelled with mantles,and with oxe-hides,& that their mantis 
fad a painting about them,and that their gouernour ware a long fhirt very fine girded m 
him,andouer the fame diuers mantles: and that the women ware very long garments, and 
thar they were white, and went all couered : and that euery day many Indians wayted atthe 
gate oftheir gouernor to ſerue him, & that they did weare many Azure or blew ftones, which 
were digged out ofa rocke of ftone,and that they had but one wife, with whom they were ma- 
ried, end that when their — died, all the gerd that they hed were buried with her 
And likewife all the while they eate many of their men waite at their table to court them, and 
fee them eate,and that they este withnapkins, andibaz they haue bathes, On n 


Curqueks in 
Ceuola 


‘Alarchon, Fernando eA larchon. Traffi 


ques, and Difcoueries, 


— 
p with men beloyt 
es: and that thoi 
— they wert mu 
and that no man f 
— — whi berter goutrument: for che inhabitants f toa —— I found 
de they matric, b touching aine 
ep went to anothy; | choc of Ceuols, betaine me, that the 
hat this propte dyt alled 
bem with charms 
mer: they carrieg 
e vie Tabacco, J 
ut euer fem hu 


urds, and another 

gourds, any 
n this place: A il 
nv tetefon 4 9 people bem, And after be Coama, 
tome crying w ü fet ſaile companion. From hence A 

ow tone vifpeoplen: 

—— with tboir bowes — 
Teach to shane —— th 
nother place wher, em all, 


As J patfeo further) 
 cotages,out of which much people came to pthe 
dag which mine incerppeter wel bnder vob, and — 
and of che condi, fe pen shi cote pe peda fe 
* — 10 Sabin ke op asthe te han pone, Ege ne 
eee of iches called Sea · bremes. And J 
due. f Quic ane belonging vnto the logo of 
r, which J cn fy mong therm which bnoerttood mme incerpperer ſummer; and ae 


2 ern 
ö mant net io a 
ns tic wer em eue enen ge; and becher ü were x meunam, 


ome wt at 
ti 
rom that a 
and ar 
great thi 
da pa 
hat aloft & benen 
st others vſech which 
dchat they had ont 
x chat their mani 
ery fine girded m 
ong garments, and 
dians wayted atthe 
blew ſtones, which 
manners alan with much the 
eburied anke seep Rous ecit, Chen ielictsines 

e to coun them, and * 5 with thon came —k 
n and igen J Caw their Lorn which he the 


my 


Cewtsa goons O cked bim ol Ceuola : and be told me he had bin there, and that it was a good thing, + thae iht — 
Wp thing. lod thereof was very wel obeped: and that there were other lords thercabout,with whom he ws vine I — 


as continual watrt. I atken bim whether the y bad Mluer ¢ goto, and . belsin de, en 
they had metal of iheir colour. J inguited u bether they made it there, and he anlwered me no, U san well ha 
Sodd and ms thot they bec ag hit it lrom acertain mount aine, where an old woman dwelt. J Demanded whe ber — 


ner in a ion. he had any knowleoge of a tiuer called Totonteac, be anſwe red me no, but of another ercertirg — 

r te ce mighty tiuer, herein tete were (uch huge Crocoviles, that of their bives they made buckicrs, —— vate 

ss mighty rte and cbat they wo che the Summe neti her mont nop lelle chen thole which I had paſſed: and u bea vane 

ure, ihep offer vnto him che fruits of the earth. they fay: Recctue heco, fo thou halt created them, ny — —＋ 
that hey loued him g gers chiche. 


acolde. Here n re began : 
Dante wherefoze be u. y 0 termes with bs, becaule he ginerh vs not clothes, nop peovien TR ngger then on 


onbward : 2 
{pin noꝛto v cn them, non other things which be giueth to manp other, aud he complap ud 3 
* Temetebe unity woulduot fuffer ihem du come herr, and wouln not qi 2 : —— 
Aton him chat J would temedte ih, whereat he remapnc berp well faden. ; ' Sante beet 


Chap. 6. 


They are aduertifed by the Indio f lorde of Cenola killed the Negro, which 
went with Erler Adarco,and of many other things:And ofan old woman called Gnatazas, 
which liveth in a lake and eateth no food, The de ſcripeion of a beaſt, of the skinne whereof 
they make targets. The fufpition tharthey conceive of them, that they are of tholeChi, 
Aians which were feene at Cenola,and how they cunningly ſaue thern{clues, 


T teake of pap, began their cry as they wert bunt 
and this was the cry ot 2.03 3. forts of people, which bad ipen all nightneere the teu fn, 
wapting fo; me: and they tooke b other copne in their mouth, and {ppinkled me tert, 
Laying that chat was the fathion bey bled when they lacrilited vnto the Spunne: d 
they gaue me ol iheir victuals to cat, and among othertbings,thep gaue me many white peelon.y 
gane the ng crolle an J bad Done co the rell: andin the meant feafon that ofp man tolde hen jut 
matters of my doing, and popnted me out with bis finger, faping, this te che topo, the Conne oft 
Sunne and they made me to tombe in be ard, x to fet mine apparell handlome ly which J were 
vpon my backe. Aud lo great was che coufioence that they had in me t el them told nm 
things bad paſſi o. nme ¢ tbat goo apap manny a mnan onion bt 
Jached : em wherefoze they imparted vnto me their ſecrets, and that old man anſurrid ett 
Thou art our lo id, ¢ we ought to hide norbing from our lord. After theſt things o ge out 
way, J began agatne to inquire ol hum che ace of Ceuola, ¢ whether he knewe chat hole of ths 
country bad euce feene people like unto vs: be anfwered me no, fautng one Negt which ware 
Coe Negro bout his lege ¢ armes ctttuin things which dio ring. Po ondſhip is to cal to mind ham this y 
iat went gro which went with krier Marco wags Wont to Weare bels, g feathers on his armes ¢ legs, ete 
bin Fue be carien places of diners colours, and chat it was nox bruch ahnte a peere agoe fince he tum un 
flame, thofe parts. rr mtanved upon what oceafion be was filled; and be anſwered ine, Chat the lapel 
Ceuela inqut : him u jeter be be» tber byethren: he anfwered that be had an inne m 
ber, and that they had great ope of weapons with thew , and that they were not! farce from 
thence. Ill ch when be bad heard, manp of the chicfe men confuleed together, and cefoluentebi 


She care, bun, chat e nught „ ne newes vnte ele bis byethern, where ther dwelt. y ihat for chis tu ans there, w. 
bias Dorentes they lie bun, and cu hum into manx pis a which wert lden ar vong all thoſe chiefe Lopes tn thofe Ladian 
Soe Segre they might know allure dip that he twas Bead, and o chat he had a vogge ti nune, which hee mens 

be ol de- wile killen a great while after, Falken h ther they of Ceuola han ap enemies, and be {aa they went b. 


ier ter thep bad. And he reckoned vnto me 14,0; 15. loʒus mbich had wares wotch chews and chet ie 
dene, had mant les, and bowwes Vike thr due attoncd: hombett he told n thet 4 {hovel fin going 
Fe ee wero». Up the tiuct a people chat dan acter richten re ü Me te de 
s n lane ane that they had 3,074, ſodts / es) ong moſt excellent e to gates and ind 


e lan dwelt an olde woman, Whicy was much henourtd and ho hipped ot hee unde ban 
may 


en pay 


A larchon, 


olde man came and 
reat court eſie, ¢ al 
ng thuhe r. At git 
cerning that coun 
ous to Knot chem, 
rip thingy, + that che n. And u 
wah oh ua that be was bears 
certain bels (ai f of te: and many of thoſe Indians comming about t us: Let ba marke 
are Mie DO, ut FE yim well, char we may kno me hum when he commer ag Monday following, the 
demauded e nuer was befet with people like to them, and J bega : 
re ee ken nne g e dt ee pou — i 
Cp made buckirs, Fonte vy vnto me a great t And 1 
paleo: and ub AR — that (ome of pm Sr — 
yen gers chiche, J aſued him of what beats ſhinne bep 
ot foo th, they welt 


great bealt tke vnto an Ore, but longer bya great 
onto me, J Knowut fetighofaman, anocbe bean feuen panetge th. f. 


lothes, nop peoptu bonnes of the length of a mans 

be complspuritn TEP ur aus Confeete and binnerfecte aboue feuen banotuls bigge, with a pete r 
them ol chert coy. der very great ; and Dp bis atmes aboue bis bean, be (ain tbe beat mus higher 1 
eo, of another olde woman 


ithe Negro, which 
in called Gmataraca, 
f the skinne whereof 


baue no know: 
te topes i ( bao anfwere bum, cys se 


cone tome aht. fe that eto men 
d man anfwered meee tber they had feene 


* b ted mee whether — 
Bent which ware 10 an ae fo ( 
comin Fine . canetot — erg 1 — 
efince he tum d « 

ane Eben bi e 


Chap. 5 

ber, and selina ) his 2 him 8 2 are ten 2 diſtant from Cenala and that there ye: Chrifti. 
for ans there, which make warre a the lords of tha . Ofthe mie 

e.g bas fos thofe Ladians vfe with — men 2 — N “4 


which belie HR mens apparel. Seeing they could = ag eae which we 
‘emine, ceing they could not fend newes oftheir bein thereto thei 0 
peng ies, anotela they —— — thips, . be Ob nale, 


pen F praped them to cel me hom m t Ceuola, 

pet J thoul fn gp 1 un diane from that riueti and — — — 2 ita 
un ch out Hevtcacion , and that he made none ac cumpt af the reſt of be ber aule dis 

f gear ae Plc tobeFounn, Capon this anuerciCemene N was beitous to este @apcaine — ee 
hen. n ages my being chere, and imported my nus with nip fo g, among whom 7 und ee 


‘one 


— — ics — 


* 


The Englith Voyages, &c. FernandoeA larch, 


— 


none that was willing to doe thither, although J offeren them manp rewarbs in pour loi wſ h, 


name, onely one Negro laue thougy with an eull wil offreo himfetfe vnto me to go chiihet: Lu: j 
loohed for the comming ol chole two Indtans which they told me of, and he re withall we werten 
our wap vp the riuer againt the Areame in fuch fort as we had done before, Were that olde m 
{peed me as a ttrange thing a Cone of his clad in womans apparel erercifing their office : 7 y, 
Keo btm how manp there were of thele among them, and he cold me there were foure ; q chf whey 
any ot them died. there was a learch made of all the women with child which were in the county 
and that the Art fonne which was bone of them, was appoynted to doe that duette belonging yy, 
to women, and that the Women clad him in their appaxe ll, Caping, that ſeciug be was to dot hn 
which belonged to them, he ſtould weare their appare l i ihele pong men may not baue carnaſſ eh 
pulation with any woman: but all the pong men ol the count rey which are to mar rie, may con 
ny with them. Chele men teceiue nd kind of te ward ſo chis inte ſtuous act ol the poopie of hy 
tountrev, becauſe they haut liber tie to rake whatlocucr they find in any boule fo; their food, 4 (iy 
une uule certame women wh ch liued diſbone lily among men: ond N alked the old man whey, 
they were married, who anſwered me noe, dut hep were common women, Which liuev apart fr 
the married women. J came at length alter theſe vifcourfes to pꝛay them to ſend for thole I 
ans, which they ſaid had bin at Ceudla , i they told me that they were eight dayes ioutuey tm 
from that place, but that not withſtanding toer e was one among them which was thelr companyy 
and which had (poten with them. as he met them on ite way, when they wont to Cee the kinga 
of Ceuola, and that ehcp told bim that he were not bell to goe any karther. fo he ſhould find ian 
fiercenation like vs, and of the fame qualities aud making, which vad lought much wich the 

of Ccu la, betauſe they had killed a Negro of their company, ſaying, Tiberefoze haue pee lala 
hum s what dip he to pou’s did he cake any byean tom pon, o do pou anp other wrongs ano (uch it 
ſprach. And they laid mopeouer, that thele people were called Chrittians, wobtch dwelt inagreg 
bon that many of them bad eren like thole of Ceuola, and other litte blacke beatts with wool 
and hommes a that fome ol them had bealis which they rode vps, which ran ve ry (witty; prharone 
pay before thetr departure, from ſunne riling vntill ſunne letting thele Chpitians wert ativan 
comming chither,t all ol them longed in chat place where others had lodge o, c that thefe two me 
with two Chꝛiſtians which ale d them whence they were, a whether they hav fie los fowen wig 
corne; and they told them that they t welt in a farrecountrp,and that they had cozne, andthulhen 
they gaue eath or them a lle cap , and they gaue them another to carp to their other companions, 
which they promt led to do / veparten quickly. IAhen J vnderſtood this, J {poke againe buhmy 
com panp, to let it any ont of them would gothtihe r. but J found chem unwilling as at the rt am 
they laid again me greater intõut nie ncen. Then F called che old man to {ee it he would gine me 
any people to goe with me,¢ victuals to tr auel though that wilde rnes, but he laid before meme 
ny taconuentences dangtro, which I nught incurre in chat voyage, hetwing me the danger in 
there was in palling by a loꝛd of Cumana, which thꝛeatned to make warre vpon them bett h 
peoptt had ent red into the others countrep to take aſtlagge, and that J ſhould not there ox daun 
thence without (ering him puniſhev. Ano when J replied that in any wife J mull necoes gu to 
Ceuola, he willed me to ſurteaſe from that purpolc. fo they looked that that loꝛd wit hon al dcunt 
would come to annop them, ¢ that there tobe they could not leaue their countre y naked to que dug 
me, and chat it would be better, that J would make an end of that warte bete ene them, mea 
then I might baue their company to Ceuola. And vpon this point we grew to ſuch variance cut 
we began to grow into tholer, and in a rage he would haue gone out of the boat but J ata hm, 
and with gentle (peeches began to pacifie hun, ſeting that it umpoꝛted mee much to haur him mp 
friend: but loʒ all my courtefies which I thewen him. I coulo nat alter hin from his mind. wher 
in he fil remained obttinate. In this meane while I ſent a man away vnto my thipsto gu tm 
knowledge of the iourneythat I hav determined to make. Alter this J prayed the old man chu he 
would fetch him bac ke becauſe I had determined, that ſeeing J law no meants tobe it 
to goto Ceuola, bet 
couet me, and like wiſe becaule I meant in per fon to vilit my tips, wich determination to return 
againe vp the riuer, carying with me other companions, x leaue there forme woe J hav icke am 
telling the olde man and the rett chat I would teturne, aud le auing them lat iſued che bet Aton 
0 they alwayts ſald that went awoy fo? feate) Breturned vowne the river: andibe 


Sten al Ceuo- 
ha 


N Deere. 


wap J bad gone againſt the ſert ame vp the riuer in 1 5. dayes and an hallt, J mane in my ww i 
murme in a. daes and an batte, betaute ce fc r ame was great and betyiwit. J N f 8 


9 — potwne the riutr. much people came to the banks, laying, Sir, wherefore dor pou |x e vers 


¢ J would ſtay no longer among thofe people berauſe they ſhould ot dl 


ype ™ pétcourtetie path bin done vate pou's did pou not fap chat pou would eme continually iss 


Ferd 


and be our 
we will go 


2 tarchen, Ferdinando Alarchon. Traftiques and Diſcoueries. 


an tm pour lors beer Row + np unn backe gamer tf aboue 
eget El an aboue the riuer bath bone pou any wrong 
1 N we ll goe wich out weapons with pou and ill hum ; and ſuch le words lu ot loue and kinoncs, 
Were that elde nm i Chap.8 

their office: 3% — 
e koure : c chet whey When they came to their (hi panna 

ppes the Captaine named that coaſt Zac 
— f and wy . he vnto our Lady, 2 called the river C/ Rie de Buona — sh 
* tumed vp che fame againe : when he came to QO sicona and C a ( 

—— — places vſed him very coutteouſſy. 2 8 


o marrie, map Compe, 
bof the people of thy 
$fo3 their food, § (iy 
the old man 
bich liucd apart roy 
o ſend for thole Zu 
se ne a 
was their co 
0 Ge the knen 
. 
much with: 
refope — “aie, Span 
wera eee 
— ine | e la Buena Guia Call this rt: ve 
wich Dae note Ea pour ned ge Deut: = Kove 
pep Cwiftlp; erherone 
ittans wert il u 
, othat theſt to nt 
had ſit los Cowen wig 
d cozne, AND chat then 
eir other compas, 
ſpoke agatne bichmp 
thing esuttiekt 
cet he would gine m 
be laid befope meme 
ug me che Danger in 
pon them, becaute h 
ld not thertctox deut 


ſetke nue with great ioy. ol whom 
companions of his had led hum away. 


J muſt necdes ge to men li 
loꝛd —— 1 i . e booke 

trey naked to gyt Luhe gs mp leite unte e 
menten . bung my wntten of rhe 

co ſuch variance sat 

boat but J tapen bmn, 

much co haur him mp 


my chips to gur chem 
ed the old man chu he 
v no meanes to be a He Ahn 
uſe they ſould not bil | 

termination to return 


whirl) 7 banfcteam ee checker wehe, 
sfc che bet cou ar ſiches called Sea teams 
ne the river: anvthe 


t. jaeumieee tbe ‘atte emed wat ali co veinpee, 
cyanea W — apart — 0 ae 
continual ’ er how good a man I was and 
een ga san hu bed hep bab rde rin da 

Oe 


mp, 


EE ial — —— —— —— 
438 The Englifh Voyages, &c. Fernando +A larchon, Fu. 
my feruants, and doe whatſoeuer J would command them. There J cauſcd hum to fit dow ne. and Me 
to tat certaine tonſeruts of fugar which J had bought with mee, and willce the tuterpercr (a me ge 
thanke him in my name for the fauour which he had done me in vouchlalung co come to let mee, rc — 0 
commending vnto him the worthipping of the crolle, and all (uch other things as J had reton mn pn which 
ped to the reũ of the Jndiang;namelp that they ould liue in peace and ſhould teaue off wartcs cay that they wert 
ſhould contmue alwayes good frienden together: he anſwer cd. hat ot eng tunc they had contny, — 
tu in warres wich their neighbours, vut that from thence foꝛ ward he would command his picpi g : 
that they ſhould give dood to all ftrangers that paficn though his kung dome, and that they (oun —— — 
doe them no kinde of wrong and that if any nation fhould come to inuade hum, he laid he would tt chat 
them howe J had connmanord that they ſhould liue in peate, and il they refuted ihe lame. t uud ae 
defend bimielfe,and pꝛonulrd me, that he would neucr goe tofeche warre il others tame not ton ⸗ anche une. 
vade him. Then J gaue him certuint trillts, as well of the ſetdes which J baoug ht. as ol iht us * abi 
of Caftile, wherewteh he was not alice pleaſed. And at mp depat ture J carped cextaine ot his pro 1 —— 
pls with me, to make lriendſhip betwerne them and thoſe other people which dwelt aboue e: inca the 
uer: and here the interpreter came vnto me, to craue leaue to return home; and J gaue hun cx: 5 5 —— 
taine gifts wherewith he Departed greatly latiſſcd. ; 4 u 3 come 
Coama. The next day I came to Coama, and many of them knew me not. ſctiug me clap in other apar, i bab gone well b 
rel, but the o man which was there as foone as he knew me leapt into che watet faping vutom,; gone he 
Wir obere ts cheman which pou leit wich me, wich came Cope) verpioptuilg pleatancrecanng MM Sven conan 
vnto me the gent courtefies which that people had dhewen him ſaytng that they had Mroucniog, — 
ther who ſhould haue dum to bis houſe, and that it was incredible ta chinke what cart they ban TR ao 
che rifing of the Dumme to holo vp chetr hands aud kurs befope the Colle, 1 gane hem om I veda bern 
ſcedes, and thanked them bactilp fop the good encertainemnent which they had Ceweo imp mn, TR dee hement no 
ö and they beſought me that I would lraue hem with them, whach J granted them wncell my tun, mother Indim 
if and he llayed among them very willtugiy. Thus 1 wey forward vp che Niuer, taking theron, reabp he 
Cumeca. man in my compante, which told mee, that two Indians came from Cumanatoenquircinde FR 5 
a Chilis 2 hn he ben aan hens that be hnenynong uch, buc chatbehnew one dne e rampant; of 
spetanages. che fonne of the Dunne, and that they had perfwaded him: to lone wich cum ro kull mer adm , Run Ahnung 
companions. J wihed bun to lend ine two Fudiang, and waudv fend wor bp them dn! . che River an eh 
would come vnts them and was deſirous of their frigndibtp,but if that they onthe tontrary bus — 
baue ware, F would make (uch a warre with them, that ſhould dülpitale them. And lo jn 
enous all bat people, und lame came anb ahb me, why A ban nut gwen chem Crultau v I Geran hemmt 
as che reſt, and fo J gaue them ſome. 1 Alley Lop 
Chap. 9. ye 1 1 bah 
They goe on land, and fee the people worthip te Ctoſſe which they had giuenthem, The ps 
4 — caufeth an Indian sen a a ofthe countrey : | fendeth 2 Ciaſfeto TP tet of bis — 
the Lord of ( uma, and going downthe River with the (treame,he atiiuech at hu if. asc to doe it. a 
Of the error of the Pilots of Cortez, as touching the ſuuation of this Coaſt. aah Flay at 3 
Tree to fee certaine cottages, and J foundimanp women and cn FR is eelation (and 
holding vp heir hands and kneeling before a: Croſſe which J bad giuen them. yng FR sboutme u 
tame chitger I did the like my (elf; and couferring with the old man he began to mfoyme m a n Spor Nueua Eipa 
many people and Pꝛouintes as he knew. And when cucning was come J called the old mu n 
come and lodge with mee in my boate; hee anſwered ihat het would not goe u ich mee betet An extract 
would wearte hum with al king him aurldions of fo many matters: J told hum that J wou t Ninas E, 
queſt hun nothing cife but that he world fee me downe in a charte as much as he knew concern, of Calif 1 


that Niuer and what mance ol people thoſe were which dwelt vpon the banches thereof on bots 
fines: which he did willingly. And then he requetted me that J would deſtribe mp couuttty bun 
bim. as he had done his vnto me. And for to content him, J caultd a draught certain chings to 
be made for him. The next day J entred betweene certaine very high mouw atnes dough wd 
this Riuer palleth with a ltr eight chancl, and che boats went vy againt dhe Err amt very badly 


un Ixchantet. §} want o men to diam the fame. Were tertaine Indians came and told nie tl at in the lan platt. 
were were certaine prople of Cumans and among che rel an enchanter, iho enguned wong vim um lound eli 
way we would pafle; p they telling bm that we meant to allt by the Riuer, he ſet ccttant uur: I Hare Onientall pear 
ich wet paltrd, wiſholn ccc iu ay rtr t de at THT r che p 


on boty fies thertut, . 

they intended agatntt vs. Thus going forward J came vnto the houte af the vide man twhich wes 

in my companp,ann here J tauſtd a very high Crolle to be fee vp, wherupon J engraurt certain 

letters to fignifie that J was come ihiiher: and this J did, that il by chance any of the people : 
ibe 


i larchon, 


o fit Downe any 
E tuterppeter to 
e to [ee mec rt 

had recon men. 
off warrcs d 
pep had continy, 
Mand his poopie 
that they dou 
ab he Would til 
e lame, he woul 
came not to ip 
t, as ol the bens 
caine ot his poo. 
lt aboue the Ul 
gaue hun en. 


aD in other apar, 
ſaying vnto int 
calant veclarng 
pad Mroucn ing 
cart thy had at 
aue iht m of mp 
pewed inp mn 
until my return, 
takung thet on, 
to enquixt in the 
v ont Which wag 
kill mee and my 
by them, thar J 
e tontrary wou 
And lo J u 
Crolles as wil 


uen them. The 
deth a Croflero 
eth ac hus (hips, 
. 


men and chm 
them. Zheng 


dne ment noe to btvell any 
another Indian came with me of ctr awne accor and ſa J came into 


ö many 
hile bands, Z will deliuer pou the full and 
9 . — 
de poptal Coluna : fo the Galiot of the Adelantado 
| tet ol his fleet and comune Orike 


Ferdinando Aarchon. Traffiques and Difcoueries, i 0 ö 


— . — them 
were mana 
that they 


lcd me to do, and they went 
ge, Bee oh 


what people dwelt 
Riner, which gaue me 


d wpon the banker of the 
of many people, and told me that 


This Miner 
knowledge Luer went farre more an much fare 
22 vet ſeene, chere 11 


ol, betauſe it was very far — 


and the day fol- 
bim that all things 


; and th 
uro che tountrey 


that J would returne thoptly, 
ping vnto vs to ay fo? her, 
we could not make her to c 
taken vnto him another wite, 
er with him, fecing he had t 


AND Making them 

coating and oftentimes going on lan, and entering a 

ouls learne any newes of Captaine Francis Vaſquez and 

of whom J could haue no other knowwlcdge, but {uch as J learned in the atopefaide 


st taking polleſſion of that Coaſt. And by the fituation of 
e 


„ and learn. d all 
other *hings; whercof when it (hall pleaſe God io 
perfect relation. 
that J found Don Luis de Caſlilia, and 


mee, 
auopd ſtriſfe J vetermmen to karte way by nde which talen An ben 
altoapes bab a purpoletofeno the fame, n foome as 4 youl tour 


me whitten; for J 
4 bpon Nucua EIpanns, tu abuertize pour X Mtſhip of mp proceedings, 
An extract of a Nad letter written from Pueblo de los 
7 I 


Angeles in 
Xyeus Hſpunne in October 1597, touching the difcouerie of therich Ifles 
ol Californea, being diftant eight dayes fayling from the maine, 


out of a towne called Pue- 
cee the J 
thuther haue bene ent beſohe 

twentie men were forced backt. 

e ene rich of gold and 


—— — — 

The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Sir Francis Drake, 

The courſe which Sir Francis Drake held from the hauen of Gua. 

alto in the South fea on the backe fide of Nueua E/panna, to the North. 

welt of California as fat asfourtie three degrees: and his revue back along the tad 

Coatt to thirtie eight degrees: where finding a faire and goodly hauen, he landed, 

and ftaying there many weekes,and difcouering many excellent things in the coun. 

trey and great fhewe of rich minerall marter, and being offered the dominion of the 

countrey by the Lord of the fame, hee tooke poſſeſſion thereof in the behalie ol ber 

Maiefticyand named it Nona Albion. mem the mine 
Ee kept our courfe from the Ille ol Cano (which lyeth in tight degretg q net o hempe, an 
of ortherlp latitude, and within two leagues of the maine of Nicarapus, dont about the 
„A where wee catked and trinnned out fhip) along the Coal of Nueus Eipan. | out, Thele wo 
. vntill we tanie to the Hauen and Towne of Guatuleo, which ( as we were | —- After they we 
N informed had but feuenteene Rppantards dwelling in it, and we lound it to any dem feathers an 
in lilteene degrees and liftie minute. dhe bottom. whe 
Affoone as we wert entred ibis auen we landed, and went prefently to the totone, andeoiy . speaker weaired 
Towne houte, where we found a Judge ficting in gement, he being affoctate wu three orbs RR bull nd came vow 
officers, vpon chice Megroes chat had conſpired che burning of the Towne: bor) which Jug, Gn che meane 
and prifoners we tooke,and brought them athtppebooyd and caufcn the chie ſe Judge to wut s enn their fle h fro 
letter to the Towne, to tommand all the Townelmen to auoid, that we might lalely water that. wenne time our & 
TAbich being done and they departed, wet ranſoktd the Towne , and in one houle we foun a por © which erertt e the 
of the quantitie of a buſpell full of rox ala of plate, which we brought to our thip, ant vnto vs they 
And here one Thomas Moone one of our tompanie, took a Span gentleman as he wast FR The newes ol 
ing out of che Towne, amd ſtarthing bim he found a chaint cf Gold about hun, and other ics, wund about came 
ich we tooke and fo let hum gor. p perfouage, with 
are Peet It this place our General among other Spaniards, tet athore bis Portugall Pete unde r dean to our 
* en tooke at the Iſland of Cape Verde, out ol a {hip of Saint Maric port of Portugal, ard haun tes 1 her ſpecch was c 


them a (hoone,we departed thence. all t ſenn ſome 
Our General at chis place and time thinking bimſelle bohm reſport of bis priate tuiuriesre poate: wherein ou 


teiued fromthe W as alſo of their contempts and indignities offered to our Countrey an 4 wha marched to vs 


u ey dzewe neet 


length: the crawne 

the chunes were n 

w west chem: ant 

vnto hun which bar 

e good ich Conte ſuimnes 

tothe Zflands of the Malucos, w der inating bis 

of Bona Sperang v. u chen ha ros ore tt 
Capon thisrel the Malucos, and finding hunt. thet pieſt its. 

bee enſoted to take à Und , Ju chemeanee tim 

Flat, making aggatn 

ber onder, ann a ger 

bu bare the Icrpter 

lat, with a man y an 


Bay, wi h a good winde to enter the fame, i 
Tnehis Bay wer ankered the feuentench at June, anv che people af the Councery busing BAe 

chete houfes clole bp che waters five, thewen ihemittnes unte vs, amd fent apzelent 0 u rai 

@mercil, Bm they man: fier 
LEthen they came vnto vs they greatly wondped atthe things which we bycuigbt, bat eu Oe 

ner all ac cop bie g 10 his natur all and at rullamtd pumanitre) erte ul y murcarcd bam, = 


* 


— — 


Nona e Albion. Traffiques and Dilcoucries, 


Drake. 


— cea, 


etd 441 
n ot Gua. 5 r nakeonette, 1 
ally beftowed on them nereſlarie things to couer their nakedneſle whereupon they Cuppoten us % delcnptton 
he North. be gods, and would not be perſwaded to the contrary: eſent 6 of the peopte 
one the laid 4 — cals ot net woꝛke. en 88 Wa e of Nous Abie. 
1 he landed, | Chee ert — se — about with * haue from the vttermoſt bꝛinnnes of the 
the coun. | etecle clifts of wood let vyon them, topnine clofe to ther at like a fj 
union of the 1 — that cloleneſſe are very — 5 . n 
challe other Ther bed is the ground with tuſhes ſtrawed on | they haue the 
fire in the middeſt. The men woe naked the women ta them after the ma: 
ight degttnn nt o hempe, aud thereof make their loolt l 
f Nicatagu, ⁵ 
Nueus E pan. 
4 (as we bun d vs the ſecond time, and hroughe with 
wand it to ln when they came to the toppe of ibe bil ( at 
cy ſtaytd chemfelucs , where one appointed for 
ne, andtoth long ozalion, which done, they lekt theu bowes vpon the 
Ub unte other 3 
which 3 Sn lating on the hill, tonmented themſelues lamentably, teas 
ge to wut eng their ſleſh from their cheekes, whereby we berceiued that they were about a facrifice, Juche 
tp water her, meme tune our Hencrall wich his compante, went to paper, and to reading ot che S cripeures,at 
we lound an FR which ererti e they were actenciue and teemen greatly to be affected with it: but when they were 
ans uno vs they reſtchcd againe vnto vs thole things which before we had belto wid vpon 
nas be bsy The newes of our being there being ſpꝛead through the countre 
other uch, ound about came downe and amongtt chem the king huntelfaman 
ly perfouage, wich many other tall and wan lilke men: befo 
Dilete, ulite .  balladours to our Oenerall to fignifie that their kin 
V. and baungics fe’ ben ſperch was continucd about halle an howye, 
te (em — 4 — — 5 cher kin 
0 n pee: wherein our Generall haung ſatil led them s to their Ring, 
r Countrepa fee) whomarch:d to vs with a pyunt ty Maicſlie. the p A 
alete at hum in hey diewe nette vntu vs, ſo did they ſtriue to be tions wich comcli⸗ 
e. 
mn Jun chr loge ron was a man of a goon! 
he one, ical the q kung whercupon 
b. who c hende 
eget ous Uu un 
ig and bluthmg, da and 
be thought i rot ’ clap lage. 
4. 10 gt h on fort of people, e· 
ales bp ty C —— 
o hought 
ba f chen pei 
ptakea On , Auch mem time, our Oentrall gathered his men together, and marched within his fenced 
faite, u , place, making ag ani their appꝛoching, a very warlike ſhewe. Chey being trooper together in 
of Apnittafterom I Ken ander, aid a general lalutation being made there was pyeſentiy a gentrall fileuce, Then be 
refered bars 0 the kung, bemg informer bp another, whome kum Puder ol 
fe being lp) i ber, with a Pand loſtie voice, pꝛoclaiined chat which the other ſpake to him in fecret, continu: 
pac wh 2 1 we aan generall Amen as it were given, the king with the whole 
cote in under ol men. and women cu tre pted came Bowne wechout anp weapon, who delceu⸗ 
— bing to che Foote of the Hill fet chemitlues in over, sities * 
mt wülhm Kant Sncomming cow wos our bulwarks and leuts 
oa faire an good Me Maluces Ga dance. and that 
-ounterp. boxing bulwark. where 
arten iu un une. Cciben they had ſatil kied themfeives. 
e when THE king, ann dineru others made ſcueral 
bt. but eur Ei e their prowinee and ki into his hand, and 
Abt, ard e that they would —— night and title of the 


In which to perl wade vs the heiter, the king aud the rel. 
04 well 


— — 


TheEnglith Voyages, c. Mou. eln. Franc 


442 
dot ing ree with one confent and with great reverence, topFully ligung a ſoug. did fet the crowne vpon by 3 
Kune bie bead inviched his necke wich all their chaines, and offered onto him many other chings,bonoung fe ee 
Sea bun er che name of Hioh,apbing thereunto as it ſetmed a figne of triumph: which ihung our Ge. — 
Bie. nevall thought not meete to reiect, be caule hee knctwe not what honour and profite it might bees jyech right r 
reat | aches our coumtrey. Wibhcrefore in the name, and to he vſe of her Maicſlit he tooke the ſetpter cru . of 280.leamn 
and dignitie of the lald Countrep in his hands. withing that che riches o treaſure ther cor mig dhe holy Ob 
conuentently be tranſpopted to the metching ot her kungdome at home as tt aboundeth in thelam, usones, 0h 
The common fort of ihe people leaung the hing and bis Guarde with our General (carter ME modle there 
shemfclues toge her with iheir facrifices among our po, taking a diligent vicwe of cum FF —— — 
perfon ; and fuch as plealev their fancte, (which were the pongeſt) they inelofing then about a This point 
kred cheir facriftces vnto them wich lamentable wecping , feratching, and tearing the fet) fin FE ghechanel to 
heit faces with their naples, whereof iffucd abuupance of blood. Put weenledfignestothend Fe ight lea 
diluking this, and ſtaytd their bands from force, and directed bem vpwardes tothe living en . bos chat is, 
whome onelp they ought to wopthippe. They lb wed vutovs cheir wounds, and craurd lch incl about ha 
chem at out handen, whereupon wee gaue them lotions, platlterg. uud dunmente ug . by che pomtt 
ſtate of cheir grieles, beſeeching God ta cure their deſcalcg. Euery chirde day they Hough . lum: chere w 
facrifices vnio vs vutill they vnderſtoode our meaning, that we had no pleafure in ihe m: y ut i had be 
could not be long abſent from vs, but dally frequented our company to (be he unt of our | suentic fatho 
departure ſermed fo grieuous onto them, chat chen ioy was turned into ſoy row. Chow Hy From the 
sreated vs, that being ablent wee would remember them, and byſtelch peudtd afacritice, ung phech the Fla 


we nuſliked. oe Font Gaittwa 

— Our neteſſarie burmelle being ended. our General with bis companit trautiled vp um te . the Jun Cay 
Countrey to their villages, where we found heardes of Deere by a thouland in a cumpamt ug being fire leat 
— — tb of a Grange linde of Conteg. their bann 
Me ole tountrey to ca warren ol a ftrange kinde of Conies, their o 

range ant., Juen ag be dye Barbary Conies, hei beads as the beadcs of ours, the feet ofa lant aa — 
talle of a Rat being of great length: vnder ber chinne on ticher five a bagge, inne de which tee HR wherrol the fi 
gathereth her meate when dhe hath Allen her belly abnoan. The people cate chew Lovics,audma HE thomvecpe, w. 

great account ol their fhinnes,fo> their Kingys coate was made ol ih rr. Reck che chan 

ams Our General called his countrey. Noua Alb on, and that for cwocaufes s the one a riper Ulett, for the 
of the white bankes and cliffes, which iy towarnes the fea: and the other, betaule it müht uhüch reached 

loune alfintt:e <atth our Counsrep in name, which ſometumt was fo called. aud. Inchet 


dense d. There tu nu part of earch bert to bet taken vp, whercin there is not lome fpectall lunge , Paranas, al! 
wer in n. oz filuer. fathom with u 
dete At dur departure hence our Gcnevall fet vp a monument ol our be ing there: as alſo ol hero From the a 


tellies right aud title to che fame, namely a plate nailed vpon a faive geiat poſte. whercupon was tofaple about t 
ing rauen her Mateſties name,che dap and peere of our ar riuall there, wu the free gung ty of tourle South, 
che Jrouince and people into her Paretties bands together with ber bighnes picture un ames, . fireene fathom 
in a petce of lire pence of current Engliſh money vuder the plate, where vader was allo dunn whereof che mit 


It ſeemeth that the Spaniards hitherte had never bene in this part ol the countrey nied , Nonthwet pom 
tuer dilcouter che Land by many degress to che Saubwards of chis plac, chem with anp ſ 
ech nner twel 


The true and perfect deſeription of a voyage performed and 
done by . de Gualte a Spanith Captaine and Pilot, ſot the Viceroy 
of New Spaine from the Hauen of Acapalce in New Same, 10 the Iſlands of the Lean 


ot — yon the Hanen of Anil, be from thene to the Haven of Macaen (* From the fay 
wna,and from Macae backe againe to. Acapales, act ompliſned in she yeere of out Loss, — ser 
mad eight leag uer 
oft, and 

fhae of tigbt le: 
u an the Illends — 


SN in chat iat im im 5 We e fie teseued, ott re sean ee St 
negrers, tharfotsce might bune the came by lep ung clofe bp the Ger ther Haves, ox 
: From hence ay ward we vein our couele CGtett foo the (pace of ; oleaguis Hg | 
lug there we ren llc, a CAiſi y by Mouth top che (pace of 180 heir 3, nubs Juden 


5 


aeAlbin, Francis Gualle, Traffiques, and Difcoueries, 


crowne vpon hig Ula del Enganno, which is the furthest J land lying in the Mouth parts of p Aland calley De los 
—— Ladrones,that is, T he q lands ol rouers, o; asd las Velas 5 
ich ihung our Ge Ocptentrionall, and 164. degrees in longitude O cridionall line, which 
ite it might bee u lpeth right with che Jland of Ter en ward for the ſpate 
he lcepter, tum dt 280. leagues, till we tame to o, chat is, The point of 
e thercol migbt that are called Philippinas, 
mocth in thelam, | | 
Benerall ſcattaa 

nt vitwe of tum 

ug them abou d i an entrie liech ſcarte vnder 12, 

ing the ficth ten che chanel to the point ol El capo del Spirito ſanto, is not veip faire. 

Dfignestothen i Cight leagues from the lapde point lyeth a hauen of indifferent greatuclle, callen Baya de Lo- 
to ihe living En bon, chat is Che Wap of woolucs, hauing a ſmall Fano in the mouth thereof: and within ge tha. 
and craued het nell about halſe a league from the ende of the ſayd J land lyeth an land 0} cliffe, ¢ when pou palle 
nis agreeing oie , br che pom in the middle of the chanell, then you baue fue and twentle fathom deepe, with bꝛawne 
they bought ie lap there ue found o great a dreame running Ctettward, that it made the water to calt a lkiun 
tin ihm: pet I had beene a fanve, whereby it put vs in beate, but calting out our lead, wee found fiue and 
re ol our ftt:tentie lathom decpe. 

fowow, Chow From theafor 

rDafactifice, ung 


rauciled vp unto te 
na CoMpame, dong 


' gues from the afopefapn J+ 
ies, their boopes n hauen of Bollon in the land of Lugos 
ol a Cant aa : nes, South about foure leagues, vittant lande halfe a league, 
mne be whic tee RT t ts twentte fa. 
en bones andi tom i 


B 3 the one in refpert 
ctaule it muga This point o hooke lyeth vuder 12. 
5 Nand Capuli there lie thnee Jlands called the 
Cpeciall ncih d He — — in che lame courte on the opthllde of all the Tlands at the deyih of of 22. 
fa . 
resagallootha pe BE From the attzeſayd e Qeſt point of the Wand Tyeao to the point of Bu 
olle. wher upon was to ſaple about the length of a league oy a league and an 


the free gung y of courle South, and South and by Ce about thee 
rs picture aed unc, rene fathum becpe, with halle white and renditl 
der was alle wum the middle lpeth onder 12. degrees and 
„H 
e countrep, nie Ronthwett point is et leagues berweene 
dchan wich auy ſhippe, but with Gall fotlls and 4 — 


10 po bein, tefl etwerne the lands Fr 
performed ani I an Buryas, an f Cayo befone, 4 meriethe Bans 20 
t, lot the Vice ta bare, which ſtreteheth about two leagues — 


Catt and Nen leagues Che File of 
. long, being in bz deh 4. leagues, and ipeth vn ebe, 
{lands of the Len “prom te ape chant oes Cometh big an, 

wen of Alan * ape chanell betwecne Tycao and Buryas, 


Ueſtnoꝛthweſt foz 
, leagues , the Nand Masbate on the land Buryas on 
he prete ofou lan r thirteene leagues ne sachin 
bu lte a hat, 
ri fale du ii ch hy 
duetung ou 
Woh wet we 
nes Cain’ bug! In 


Daun ROTA nine iragurs, ibere heginme and followe 
EF. 8 n ed Bantonſilla, —— is amal Plann in fonme of a ſugar 
fs Man- e iometwhat grrat in length, reaching Catt and CCett about 
wee tualeasues : tye the l. Hie of Goates, hauung certatne houses. By all thete Ilauds 
* .D aloe ſays 


tua. 4 he 


. 
44 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Francis Gualle, Francis Gi 


. — TTI — — 
/ Sdoutbivar wee Say, where wen 
twelue degrees and , From the Gland of banconfilla, o finall Benton, wee helde our ccurſe — theeaue of Man 
Noꝛthwel fo, the ſpate of foure leagues, to the chancll betwerne the J lands called de Vercies, : 
and the Jiand Marinduque, the Vereies lying on the South five under twelue degiees aud. 
(which are two fmall lands like two Frigats and the Fland Marinduque on the Month fing The court 
vader twelue degrees, and ;. which is a great J land, ftretching CLiett noꝛthwelt, aud Caltlouth⸗ ; Manilla 
eatt, hauing in length 1>.¢ inbyenth 7. leagues. On che Noꝛth fide with the J land Lug on tema places. 
keth along and (mall chanell, rumung fomewhat crooked , which is altogether full or thallomes = 
and landes whereby na eppes can palle chough it. Cheurrhett potne Crettward ot the lame Sonn out of 
Gland lpeth vnder thirteene degrees and 4. Sets high lande, on the Catt fine hauing the om Fr lo the f 
of a mine of bꝛumſtone oꝛ fierie hill, and ou the Hic five the land runneth Downe ward at the pom wet bert eigbt te 
chereol being round like a loafe of bicad: in the chanell betwerne it and the Vercies, there ae 19, fale about leag 
fathom deepe with {mall blacke ſand. green nd 7 cg 

From the aloꝛeſayd chancll of V ere ies and Matinduque, wet helde our courſe TTAe lat Fe Frumthe hook 

twclue leagues tothe lande of Mindora, to the point m hooke tallev Dumaryn, lying fell une eo fine and eewenee 
thirteene degrees: Fiue leagues forward from the lade chanell on the Spauth fine wee lelt n) · Bullinao + al this 
laub called ia del maeſtio wel Campo, that it. The Jland of the Colonell. lying vnder tw un Fe gets uud j. Fror 
degrees and !. which is a ſmall and flat Iland: In this courte we had 45. fachom deep wih whe a 225 * 
land. : 

By this point oy end of the Fland Matinduque beginneth the Gland of Myndoro, which hach 1 Che Cape de 
in length Cat and Tclell fue and twentic leagues, and in bitdth dwelu leagues, whercot ten I arge the coatt rut 
theft point Douthward lyeth vnder thirtecne Degrees , and the furtheſt point Noꝛthward br reach into the Bea 
chirteene degrees aud; and the lurthelt point CCieftward uuder thireecne degrees. This jus from died poin 
wich the Gland of Lucoa maketh a chanctl of fiuc liagnes Moa andteum tweluefathom dem leagues, val we | 
with mudbie ground of Diners colours, with whütr lande. Sine lagues foward from Marin - wing of the coatt at 
que lyeth the xiuet of the towne of Anagacu, which is fo ſhallowe, thatno(hippes may enter n⸗ twentie fathom byo 
th it. From thence two leagues further ſie the lands calles Picco, which are three J lung 23 the — 
inqranatianggle,cwo of ihem being bitant From the land about rhyce bundyed cubits and becurm yw ye 


chem and the land yhu may pale with mall ſhippes: And from the lande ta the other Jland nta 
bout two hundzed Cuvites, where it is altogether fhallowes and landes fo that where the huppes 
may pafle outward abour 150. cubites from the lande poulcaue both tye Jlauds on the South 
fine, rumung betweene th third J land and the riuer called Rio del Bacco, fomewhat mot tem 
the middle of the chanell cowardes che Fland, which is ab out a league diftant from the other: the 
chanell is terme fathom deepe, wich mud and chelles vpon the ground: the river of Baccotslp 
wallowe, that no hips map enter into it. From this lend with the fame courte two leagues 
forward , vou palle by dhe pome called E Capo de Refeateo , where wee caf out our lead an 
found that aman map palle cloſe by the lande and there vou ſhall ide great trong reas an 
halfe a league foꝛward with the fame courte, lpeth the towne of Mindoro , which bath a goo he 
uen fox ſhippes of three hundzed tunneg. Thier leagues Noꝛthward from the lame haun het 
the land called Cafaa, fretching Catt and Eick, being billy ground. 
From the fapde towne of Myndoro, wee helde our courte CCieftnopthwett eight leagues, til 
wee came to the poynt op hooke of the (undes called Tulen , iping vpon the Fland ot Lugo, 
which lande 02 banke veacheeh into the Sea halke a league from the coaſt: pou mutt keep & 
bout an hundzed cubites from it. where pou finde cight la hom water, muddie and ſhellie qrou: 
you runne along by tholc landes Mofth, and Forth and by TCleſt for che fpace of co leagus, 
till vou come to che riuer called Rio de Anafebo : all the rett of the coaſt called De los Limbo 
nes to the mouth or entrte of che Bap called Manilla, which are foure leagues is faplen with 
che fame courte, The Lumboncs which are J lands ſo called) are high in tome tke a pant dl 
Organs, with good havens top mall ſhippes running along by the Limbones : and two leagues 
beyond them onthe Bouth fine, wee leaue the Jlands of Fortan, and foure Flands more, butte 
tince Jlands of Lubao, whith are very low, lie vnder 1 3. Degrees and ann the Lunbones lie in 
cb Bey ot the mouth on entre of the Bay of Manilla onder 14 degrees and |. 
bac From thence we ranne Nanth wett for the fpace ol lire Leagues to the bauen of Cabice, Age 
umd quarter. along by the land lying on the Cleft fide. where it is hallo we and ts called Los Baixos del Rio at 
Cannas. Che ſhalloweg ot the riurr of Reeves + all aiong this Bay in the fame courte, there's 
from ten to foure fathom Deepe. : 
Being by che point on booke of Cabite, then wee kept but an trope pat 8 from it rms 
South wel, hwett, and Bouth, vntull wee dulcouer ed de who mou o cre oft 


at 


— Chl 

Calle. 

ward vnder 
de dux courte 
D de Veteies, 
egiees and’, 
he Noth five 
ud Caltlouth. 
Lug on it ma 
Lok ſwallowes 
d of the lame 
ing the forme 
d at the pome 
„ there are 18, 


Creftnorth wet 
ping teu vnder 
twee left ang: 
g vnder tw lu 
ecp with wh 


ro, which hach 
whercol che fur. 
thward vnde 
8. This Jun 
ae fathom dect 
krom Matincy 
es may enter n 
three J lands ty: 
its, and becwern 
her Nand, area: 
chere the ſuppts 
US on the South 
what mont tem 
m the other: the 
er ol Baccoigl 
urle two leagues 
out our lend, and 
ng lreames sand 
h hath a good ha 
lame hauen Wyeth 


ight leagues, til 
Fland of Lucca, 
ou mutt ketpt & 
nd ſhellie gun 


e ol two leagues, 
d De los Limbo 


es is faplentwith | 
me like a pant of 
and {wo leagues 
ds more, but the 
e Limbones lit i 


fCabice, tas 
Baixos del Rio at 


me courte, chert i 


g from it rmmng 
uy op cnt ot 


Bolzen allchis contt and Capeis high ann 


Franci Cualls. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


N , where we might anker at foure fathom about two cub 
) sscar of Manile es Coo Wagues Steyiteerstomee meme 


Chap. . 
The coutſe and voyage of the aforefayd Franciſte Gual out of the hauen ot 
— tothe hauen of Aaras iu China, with all the cout ſes and 8 bo 
ces. 


Cuuung out of che hauen of Cabite, lying in the Bap of Manilla, wee helde our courſe 

ö 2 the (pace ol eighteene leagues, to the point called El Cabo de Samballes: antes 

wet wert tight leagues in dur way, wee left che two Nands Manbillas on the South five, and 

| {allen about a league fom them: the point of Samballes afdzeſayde lyeth vnder foureteene de⸗ 
rte and . being low land, at che end of the fame coat of Lugon, on the Ccleſt five, 

Fliunche books or point afoyefayoe, wee renne Hufth, and Aulch onthe ſpate 
+ of fue and twentie leagues about a league from the coatt of Lu on) to the point talled ( abo de 


gttes und, From this Cape de Bullinao we our tourſe Aozth, and Noth and by C 
n 45. leagucs to the point called El Cabo de Bojad worde 
q Sa Ta Loe bia wanes 1 „ . 


The Cape de Bullinao being patt the lande maketh a great creche op bough, and from thi 
; ech te coaft runneth Aone othe point of Bojador, being alan full of cies ano roches tes 
nich into the Bea. and the land of ihe Looke op point is high and billy ground. 

Fim the point ol Bojador, wet helde our courte CUictinopthwett an humdped and twentie 
> leagues, oncill we came to the land called A Ilha Branca, o} the white J land, lying in the beg: 
| wing of che coatt and Bay of the riuer Canton vnder two and twentie degrees, barung foure and 


445 


Cantan 22, 


farhom bꝛowne mobic ground. 
the Mund Ilha Branca, wet heide the afopefapde courte of @Ctetnoptbwett im the ¢ And of 


f 
put of figteene leagues, to the J land ol Macaolping in the mouth of the riue of Canton, ab Macaa, 


© itmnaketh che riuer do haue two mouthes oz entries , and it is a (mall 4 land about 
Chap. j. 


The Nauigation or courfe of the afotefayd Francifce Gualle out of the hauen of Ai. 
Neme Spaine, with the ſitustion and ftretchings of che fame, with other — 
memorable things concerning the faine voyage, 


vie Wesen ea nt leas el os tienes tx Maceo, we 
of July, 

taf ad bp Ga, dung in the wane of the Pee; 24 

ping the courte betweene the Nlands, becaul 

to the opehwelt; wee trauailed through many 


thee leagues 


‘Bemgpalt As Ilhas 
i) wo bung 
Leque- 
and that che people and inh aba 

as or the J lands of Le on q Pu- 


qucos, eee, 


26, aud that are mines of fi 
— goto: Het —— Pines ef gon 


b barkes laen with Bucks and arts. hideg, 
8 
N ’ 1 9 * 
of dean wares wich him ga Chinas Which J belccued — he Gasabaieete 

1 


446 The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, Francis Gualle, A. Kob. J o 


eS 
enquired thereof in Macao, ind bpon the coatt of China, and founn that beefape truc, Che FR lauds reaching about 
Rahel a oitecmott of rote Slams tetebing opehiwarde and Cattwarve, lie dude nine ay » topelapd,ton the {pace 
twentit degrees. Trirom the point o 

Being pa cee e b. eon gs ets aga Chey au a uu by Cail, top che 
Fic, un is the Gland ot Firando, where the portugals vſe to traffique : they art in length FR way ofan fumidyed ax 
gether an hund cd and chirtie leagues, and furchett Calward liech vnder two and thirney, .  cwidad,, that ts, of 
qrecs swe rannc thll Catt, ano Catt and by J20y¢b, vucii we were pal che Cayo hund ana, : — 1 
ne league. : a dcn is, the Strand e 
All chis info nation J had of che Chinar, as alfo that there I ſhould {ee forme mins bud by peoy' that bi 
of biurntone o) fierie billes, being fuencie beyond them, and thirtie leagues further 3 nes uke the people of t 
fhoulp finds foure Flands 


lying together, which A lh rwwile found, an hee bad colbe mer: um ẽ 
being in lapon, he layd hee had here lerne certaine men of a very (mall Racure, with great m I 4 ri rhigvetertpti 
of unmen cloth about their heads, chat booughe golde in (mall „ and Come white Cups age made v cue 


of cotton, ( which art pieces of cotton-linnen ſo called by the ) ag Alo ſalte- b lke ihe 
Munde — A. sie, N 3 — N — 3 


thou 
eee aa inn np chem noe Carre from whence be Capo den ap. ee Capo ewe cat al eln f e ie Gane was 
of lapon haut good hauens amd chancis, being a Countrey full of Rice, Come, Fit, ants, ginal cope, (wich wa 
and chat they art an tbutfcrent and reafonabic people to traffique with, and that there tha HE | inichocen, 


much liluer. 
Running thus Cult, and Catt and by Noth about tee hundper leaguem from Tapon, uu 
foune a very bulswe mater, wach che intent running out of che Bcbch and JAoychine, bi | DIVERS V 
full and verp bpoad en, without anp bindcrance op trouble in the wap that boct paſt: and hu HE men to the fam 
winde loeuet blewe, che Ben continued all in one faye, wich the fame water mb m, other principall pi 
Iopon 900. butill wee had pafled ſcuen hundyed leagues. About two hunped leagues from the coat ao lud large kingdom of N 
tremeps coat of newe Spaine wee tolofe the layd hollow ea and ttreame : whereby J mot rid together with a de 
. ly chunke and beleeue , chere pou wall a chasmell oy pallage, betwernt lum plealant telatiot 
2 be eal e e tac commit 
1 g a \ 
led bpibe aiards Atuns d Cunnies, whereof many art found on the toaſt ot Gibraltar m. * 
Spaine, as aſſo Albac otas and —.— which = all — — — —— 
draigbta, and riunung waters , there to diſperſe betde: which mulach mee 
macht allüediy lielceur, chat chereabouts in a chancllen utaigbt to paile though. 
benen and Being by thr fame courte vyon the coal of newe Spaine, under frurn and chertie beg 
pny eee e eee whollp without frowe , and lun 
Mead fa. leagues from thi lande, pou finde thereabouts many 
Vis daga. gcher feaucs lie ige leaues, the iche whereof wet found in great abumdance in cht rumpf 
Tapon, which then eate and fome af ehote that wer found, A caulen to bee fondcn wii th, me 
being fonpen, then cate like € olewopts : there likewiſe wee foun great {tone of Scales: u hut 
by it is to bee prefumed ano ccrtamelp to ber belerued , that there are many viuers, bapes, and he 
uens along by tholr coattes to the hauen of Acaculpo, 
From thence wee ranne Woulheatt, Boutheaſ and by Mouth. amm Moutheatt anv by Ci, 
as wee found the wunde, to the ale Fl Cabo de Sane Lucas, wich is tene 
Cabo 40 ten Le the aide of California, on he thwwett fine, lying vnd · r two and twentit Degrees, bring 


The voyage 
the yeere 1 
Countrey : 4 


tepaited ta one lohn 
8.0} 20. peveg maried u 


cn in 22. beg · 
leagues diftant from Cape Mendocino. pure of one whole pecre 
In this way ol the alopelayde fine hunnyen lenguen along by che cat. are many Jims: ocher to fee the overs 
Yanens tatelp although wo of ts eyes pone bate tvs ee tn ome foo guen bourne, ag don t fem the tes o 


haue ns following now ped e filuer ptarles prece 
Auguftine, lying vnder thirtie and. and the Nand called Ifle de Cedros, ſcntt wan deurnune with bunte 
che Aland lying beneath Saint Martyn, vudet chyce and an- dean weence ſuch gre 
countrty: for chere bp night wer lat and by bay fnoke, which is a malt ſurt cohen tat they 


axe inhabiten. 

From the poynt op hooke of Sint Lucas, to the Moutheatt five of California, wt bed on 
toute the fnare af Sn lesgurs in the woint calle El cabo de las corriennes bt Ne. 
is, the Cape ol the ſirtamen lying vnder 19. Degrees a . And running this courte, ora 

the other Flands, there are ober 


Id. Rob. / omfon. Traffiques, and Difcoueries. 447 


—— — tet 
f cachung about two on thee Leagues : All this way from the mouth on of Canton a 
| —— the (pace of ihe fapd tourelcaʒe leagues, there are great — — 
From the pount op Cape de las C orrientes, wel tanne Doutheak, 
un by Cad, top che —— hir tir —— 
of an han dntd and thurtie ltaguen being twentie leagues 

ed, G C, Of tbe bart of he ute lar; 

_ Saint lage, 0 Saine lames : ard ſixe leagues further, the fea Wtiand called La Playa de Colima, 

dhe is oe Strand of Colima, Ail this coat from California to the baucn of Acapulco tg inbas 
ud bp peel that haue peace end tratfique with the MDpaniards, and art of condition and quali. Acapulco, 
us lke the people of the ocher places of new Spaine, 

: oa The conclufion of the 1 7 laſt voyage, 

; Li this deſcrtptlon and nauigation haue J mp » Prooued, and well noted in my voy. 

. age made ¢ cuded in the yecre of our Ko 1984. from great China out of the 1 

ur ol Canton, as I will more at large fee it downe vnto pour honour, with the longttuden and la 

| tunes thereof, an God (hall permit m= nt and leyſurt, whom J beleech to lend vou long and 


dayes. 
— tenets ne of @ into lowe Dutch verbatim out of the Dyi- 
| ginall copie, (wich was leut vnto the Clicerop of the Portugall Indies) by lohn Huyghen Van 
> Linfchoren, 


‘DIVERS VOYAGES MADE B ENGLISH. 
men to the famous Citie of Mexico, and to all or moſt art of the 
other ptincipall prouinces, cities, cownes and places throughout the great and 
large kingdom ot New Spaine, eucnas farre as Nicaragua and Panama,& thence to Peru: 
together with a defctiption ofthe Spaniards ſorine of gouernment there: and fund 
pleafant relations ofthe maners and cuftomes of the natural inhabitants, and of 
the manifoldrich commodities & ftrange rarities found in thoſe partes of 
the continent :& other matters molt worthy the obſeruation. 


t in Hamphhire began bis 

laudin An. 1 Vz. uche moneth of March: who dopa ung 
iſtoll in a good ſhip called The barke ong, in 

of the fapde citie , within 8, dapen arriuep at Lif 

all, where the ſayd Robert Tomſon remamed 13. Dopes, at 

N e, and within 


rom whence 
after, — Cw { 
the Tien Indies, bimtctfe, 


part o pertourme the vopagt to certame by the 
1 knawen of the Kings plea. 
*. Qhereupon the ſamd lob Fi with Rober: Tomfon veparted out of S ull and came down 

to 


448 The Englith Voy ages, Nauigations, A. Rob. I. omjon, 77 Robe 

— — ¶ àÄ— —— — — 5 ö et 

— to 8. Lucor t 5 Leagues off and let fay made vpon the (hips of the latd fleet. ing nota. r : 
rep when they depart, deter. cothep ehemietues fop ihe Nes of the Canaries, which nt — 


o. leagues from S. Lucat , and thett to ta till che laid fleet ſhauld come thicher : Hat ts cony 
— their — ey Loge 8 — takt in frefy water, Mead fleth,¢ ther ne cela. pete . 
Do that in the moneth of F chyuary in An. 1555. the ſayde Robert Iom ion with the | on * 
Field and his comp anie. ſbipped them b Luca 
Cadiz and within 6.vapes chey artiurd at the pope ot the ( and Canaria where at out cou], “which ote | 
the Chips chat rove in the fatd port began to cry out of all wneature wü loud voces. tt (0 Much hs j dye , — 
the cattle which ftoon ian bp began tu (hoot at va. and thot 6.0) het at bn and erbte vob — 
maine matte, before we could horle out — boat to go on land co — pe che eee 074. Ce 
ing was that we were Span ſhips, and were comming ute His couutrep. Wo thb 
on — compleriaig of che wong aud damage done bnto vn they anfwercd, that bon dert i — 
tie bad bene French touers, that had come into the (aid pop’ co pofomebharme to the m i place * 
chat wece there, Fon that g. dayes paltthere went out of che (ato pop: a ca ucll much like vnd, — golo 
luden wit ſug ers and other mat chandiſe fox Spaine and an the othe fine of the point ol the ln i — — 
Land, met with a Frenchman of warre, who tooke the fai tatuell a vulaped out of her into e ur, — 
French (hip both men o goods. And being demamded of the {ard Spantards What ochet psn — — 
mained in che part whence they came, thep anlwertd that there rematicd Diners other chte zm — — 
laden with ſug ers as they were) g teady to Depart lol Spaine: vpon the which newes the Tun) He —— ' 
men put 30. tall men of chetr (ep well appointe d into the fatd caruel which they had taken g. lcagu 
her backt ag aine to the laid port from whence ſhe had ted the day be lde. Aud fomewhale l werbe 
towards the cutning tame into the pore, not ſyewing palt 3.014. men, aud focamctoanankerhin — — 6 
and (cagrew fof 


— 


hard by laben with lugers, and dꝛoue che Spaniards that were in her vnder hatt hg g pit n 
ſlip her cables and ankers, and let faile ¢ taitiid her cleane away, and after this fore oecewucd ten 
And they chinking op fearing that we were the like, did ſhoote at vs as they did. This hn g ad. 
che next day alter our ar rtuall in the fapd pot, wee bud bnbarke our lelues and went on t FT 
the citte oꝛ head cowne of the great Canaria, where toe remained 18,0) 20. dayts: and r boidetous wäre 

enguſ lat. — certaine Engliſhmen marchants (cruants of one Anthon Hickman and Edward Ca . 

. chants of the citie of London that lay there in traffique,ot whom wee rettiued great courte 
much 


comming 


Cadiz apt ‘see , 
Jobe dere eg Cadiz. In Spaine,whole name was lohn Sweering,and 
Senn m Englulhean maried in Cadiz. and fonne in law to the layde lohn Sweeting, whole num ut 


Cadia, 
pI 2. of che citie ot Execer,one of co. yterts 0) thereabout, 
THe inser depmted from che layd Flands in the moneth of Derober 


det ehe Hue, any (o Directed our couric tumors the bap of Mexico, 


2 fon the a aie 
atta bm 
ſweete ano (anopie, and fo bolforne chat chep gur it to fick to cat in ttead of hen 
capunsaldpougt ehep baue good toy of poueri ofthat oy allo of Sanyo 50 


Tee, Ii Nabe, Tomjon T rabiqaes& Dileoucras Ty 


+49 
Leng ot aly Ati we of be tag chere che cit ! of S. Domingo was not of abeue 00, houtholos of Sp 
eng, buch nt nia do but of h e dwe lung in tye ſuburbs there were more. he toũitt y is mot pare of the 
Fstop bat is cn pete verp bot, ber ful a hund of flies or gnats Wich long buls, which de pricke ¢ molett the yeo- 
other ne ceſſarus. ple very much in the nge ohe hep are repe,in pricking ih ces and hands, and ot he pares 
with the. & of theit bodies that lie vncouereD,e ni ke em to fwel wonder . Allo there ia another kind of 
uch of d ung ln n wayne which creeperh inca the (oles of mens feet @efpecialty of the back Moores and chil Wa of ont 


— — — 


4 ie wach, . d, och ule ka gu barefoot, emahech pen feetto gro man big as amans heb, ech fo ahevbac fit Sag 
de much e po ald make one tun mad, Chey haue no remedp toy the Came, but to oper he lieh fumerimes 1. 8 
ftrooke Dowie 4. ches a fo dig them out. The countrep peelveth great fore of ſu get. of oren, buts ond 

t cauſe ol the hm kine Cana fiftula g Salla —.— munc g of ſiluer q golothere e n%ο/, in fome rivers 

rep, Oo that bug there ts found ſome (mal quancitie of ge. Che princtpal come that thep vot) jue withal in that 


end, that they a platt. is lache money made of copper a Lalli: ano this they lay they bo ν faz that they loc le 
theme to the ei money of goto arid filuer co rade hut hall out ot ti ther parts of India, but -caule tf they Houta 
wich like vnde, haut good money, che marc vants that deale with them in trade, would cary away their geld and fib 
point of thei; wer, andlet the count ey CommmoDdicies lie Mill, And thus much for S. Domingo. Do we were 
tof he into che lg Hy comming from the ples of Canaries to 5. Domingo, there Paping vntil the moneth of Oetem⸗· 
what ochet b ber, which was z. mon hg. About the beginning of Zanuary we departen ehence towards the 
s other cps M bap of Mexico # New Sp aine, toward which we fer our courſe, and ſo faileo 24. dapes till we came 
newes the Fredy thin 1g leagues ol d. lohu de Vilua, whieh was che port of Mexico of our right diſtharge : And 

had taken ] Be belag o neere our (ato pope, there rofe a lone of F2opeberlp which came off from Terra 
Ano fornewhatla HE Fonda, whieh cauſto vs to tali about into the lea againe for feare leatt chat night we foul be call 
mate mata HR soon che haare before bap Dip Meant. and fo put our lelues in danger of cating away the tine 
y cht ſaid lbs io i and (cagrew fo foule ano ſtrong. chat within two toutes after P ine an, eight thips that 
cout atv u were were lo diſperſed, that we could not fee one anoth of the thtps of out dome 
c ſon the lan m pany being of the bur ten of 5 oo. tun called the hulke of Canon, sc cat about to fea as we 
in the fav par oo He io but worm chat igt with Coe land, chinking mtbemopning to. ale che poptofS Ion d 
he other (hap hu ly Vll but maffing the port went with che Waatt and was cataway, Chere were The wned oF that 
acchess,ce preleudy ‘thip 75.pevions mien, women and childzen. and 64, were ſaued that could ſwim and had me anes to 
Sfopt becturdte faue themfelues : among thole that pertthen in that thtp, was a gentleman who bad bene pieſent 

id. This beng putt, the pere delo he in S. Domingo. his wite and q. daughters with the ret of bis fernants ¢ hotithotw, 

dwent ov neyo HE cere wich ede other 7Ahips c aſt about into the fea,che itoyme 10,Dapes With great nughe, 

Tec and ded TAY hot tecous wwe fogs ¢ raine sour hip being ofp and Wweake was tolles that the opened ar 


——— tangy sme 


es 


at Sar 


the 
dward Calico i TS Qorne a fabomm budet water and the ve r we Lad was to ſtop it with beds and piloblers, 
rect nee ay (ay fare of Making we threw and lightnen goods we had o; could come b 
ab fecne chr bur chat woulonor leg. Chen we cut dur Mathe 
to the wert Tle of ty 
p to the cu called La 


ale fleece, winch uche 
p our Icluts ui hy of bin hear ing of 
7 ' * 
vd ſhip for captam 1 forefatle fox they would do their 
ing, whol nant Ba betfeo our forefatie, bur there came a gele of 
b had bene amn HiS cartes faite o matte aliourrboopd lo that then 
ph Sarre, Oö turn fur rp yy And chen we began tomdpace one anotber, tue ry mein his 
F. chips 4 fathers and 

towardes 


opie talle in de t 
1 that haue 100004 
pea: fen che — 
fleth is there goo we departed 
at in ftead of hem tt was worth fi thoufand dut yt, y when we let it. 
burepech 

inpcochs ¢ Gun Wa thee bayer alter we artiued at out paßt of S. Icha de Viiua in ewSpaine, J do te. 

Pp member 


MICROCOPY RESOLUTION TEST CHART 
(ANS! and ISO TEST CHART No. 2) 


—5i5ð—— 
. 
—— 
— ͥ ͤ— 
— — 


5 


— — 


U 
hese 1 


1 Mus 


APPLIED IMAGE Inc 


1653 East Muin Street 

Rochester, New York 14609 USA 
(716) 482 - 0300 - Phone 

(716) 288 - 5989 ~ Fox 


e TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations,A4.Roh,Tamn 
H.. abe aloe ome ead lig 


member that uche great and bopſterous ſtoꝛme of this foule weather in the nigbi, there came W 1 


on the coppe of our maine parde and maine mate a cextaine little light, much like vnto the lightot 


CuerpoSanco, a little candle, which the Spaniards called the Cuerpo ſanto, and ſaide it was S. Elmo, whom the 


Nis arrinallas 


Vera Crux, 


en 1 85 
agnes from 
Ser Iuan d 


Vilua, 


Menleo. 


take to bee the apuocate of Mailers, At the which fight the Spaniards fell downe vpon th; 
knees and wozſhipyed it, praying Gad and S. Elmo to ceale the toment, aud ſaue them from yy 
verill that they were in, wich pꝛomiſing him that at their comming on land, they would repaire iy, 
to his Chappell, and there tauſe Malles to be ſaide, and other ceremonies to be Done, Theltien 
taſt reliques into the ſea, to cauſe the (ea to be ſtill, and like wiſe {ato Goſpels, with other Croflings 
and ceremonies vpon the fea to make the forme to ceale: which (as they Lato ) did much rosy, 


weahken the kurie or the Forme, But A could not perteiue it,noz gaue no credite to it, ull it ple N 


God eo ſend vs che remedie ¢ deliuered vs fromthe rage ofthe fame, His Name be pꝛaiſedthůrr 
Fore; This light continued abooꝛd our ſhip about thꝛee houres, flying krom maſte to matte,¢ imm 
top to top: and ſometime it would be in two 02 three plates at once. A intoꝛmed my ſelfe of learn 


men after ward what that light could be, and they lald, that it was but a congelation ofthe n 


and vapours of che Sea congealen with the extremitie of the weather, which ping in the win 
manp times boeth chance to hit on the maſts and ſhꝛowds of the ſhips that are at Ceain foule tyes 
ther. And in trueth A do tade it to be ſo: fo that I haus ſeene the like in other ſhips at lea an 
ſundꝛy tips at once. By this men may fee how the Papiſts are giuen to beleeue and wor iy 
baing things and toyes, as Ood, to whom all honour doth appertaine, and in their neede and nut 
ſities do let to call vpon the liuing God, who is the giver of all good things. B 
Tube 16. ok Apꝛilin Anno 1556. we arriued at the port of õ. lohn de Vllua in nem Spaine 
ty naked and diſtreſſed of appareil, and all other things, by meanes of the lolle of our foꝛeſaid ip 
d Goods, and from thence we went to the new Cone called Vera Cruz, flue leagues from he 
fedaport of S. lohn de Vilua, marching ſtill by the fea fide, where wee found lying vpon the fang 
great quantitie of mightie great trees with rootes and all, fome of them of foure, fiue, ann ire 
cart load hy our eftimation, which, as the people tolde vs, were in the great fozmp weather, which 
me inpured at ſea, cooted out of the ground in Terra Florida, which is three hundzeth leagues cue 
by Dea, and bꝛought hither, So we tame to the ſaide Towne of Vera cruz, where wee nm 
neda moneth: and there the (aid Iohn Field chanced to meete wich an olde friend of his acquain: 
tante in Spaine, called Goncalo Ruiz de Cordoua, a very rich man of the ſaide Cotwneof Vera 
cruz: who hearing of his comming thither with his wife and family, and of his miſfoztune by Sea, 
came vnto him and te ceiued him and all his houſhold into his houle, and kept vs there atebote mo: 
neth making vs very good cheere, and giving vs good intertainement, and allo gaue us that were 
in all eight perfons ol the aid John Fields houfedsouble apparell new out of the Mop of very goon 
sloth, soates,cloakes, bole, ſhirts, ſmocks, gownes fo2 the women, hole, ſhooes, and al other netel 
lary apparel, and fo; our wap vp to the Citie of Mexico, hoʒſes, moiles and men, and moneyin our 
purien fo) the exyences by the wap, which by our atcompt might amount vnto the ſum me of o, 
Crownes, And after wee were entred two dayes iourney into the Countrep, J thelade Ro- 
bert Tomſon fell fo ſicke of an ague, that the next day J was not able to ſit ou my bone, but 
was faine to be cariep vpon Indians hackes, from thence to Mexico. And when wee came within 
halfe apapes iourney of the Citie of Mexico, the ſaide Iohn Field alſo fell ficke and within thee 
Dapes after we arriued at the fain Citie, hee died: And pꝛelently Ackened one of his chilmen and 
two more ol his houchold people, and within eight vapes died. Do that within tenne dayes iter 
we arriued at the Citie of Mexico, of eight perſons that were ok vs of the ſaide company, herr 
mained but koure aliue, and J che ſald Tomſon was at the point of death of the licknts that J g0t 
vpon the way, which continued with mee the (pace ol lire moneths. It the ende of which timeit 
pleaſed Almightie God to reſtoze me my health againe, although weske and greatly difablen, An 
being fome thing rong, J procured to lecke meanes to liue, and to ſeeke a wap how to profite mp 


(elfein the Countrep, Cecing it had plealed God to lende vs thither in lafetie. Chenby friend: | 


fhip of one Thomas Blake ũ Stuttiſhman bone, who had dwelt and had bene married in the (ald 
Citie aboue twentie peeves hefoge I came to the ſaide Citie, J was pꝛeferred to the (eruice ol 
e & Spaniard divelling there, a man of great wealth, and one ofthe firitconquerours il 

¢ laid Citic , whole name was Goncalo Cerezo, with whem J dwelt iwelue moneihe ud! 
balfe, At che ende ol which J was malicionfip accufen by the Holy boule for mactersof Religt 
on, and lo apprehended and cavied to pꝛiſon, where Flap cloſe pꝛiſoner ſeuen monaths, withont 
{peaking to any creature, but to the Sailer that kept the ſaidpyiſon, wh. he bꝛought me my mest 
and minke. In che meane time was brought into the (aioe pꝛiſon one Auguſtin Boacioan te 
lian ol Genoua allo fo matters of Religion, who was taken at Sacacecas so.eagus ue 

0 


— 
Mozthwel 
the high C 
tar, vpon a 
fire thouſa 
it) forthat 
tell what L 
were bꝛoug 
pellow clot 
hang one be 
ok red cloth 
they lawe t 
tiques, infit 
deuils then 


to crp out, 4 
Fgioodlier me 
ds was tepe 
tnuill Religt 
tie that wee 
Church and 
people, one 
did put bs in 
| s,fop that tx 
| ofthe Catho 
E torecite in th 
were recited 
gains vs. N 
the dwesok 
goods contift 
then to be let 
prefentlp fen 
to be hipped 
peine of 100. 
Fpaine , and d 
ſhe places, wh 
to bs, by his ſe 
ico to the Se 
Patters of th 
ring that ik he 
ned him to pꝛe 
landof Tercer 
ancher about! 
naked afhoare 
Catuelready 
fointo Englan 
boopdehe thip, 
ull, where they 
line being expt 
uilacather of oi 
fintunen that th 
bao bene long 
Daughter Mhipp 
allibat hee hav 
E atthe eie ofs 
itl 
bo ſhew the 
the Indies, inf 
moment, oF mo; 


Rob. T oman, 


be nigbi,there camer, a 

ich like vnto the lghe ae oꝛe the high Als 

148 S. Elmo, whom they tar, vpon a Sundap, in the pꝛeſence of a very great number of people, who were at the leaſt fue op 

is fell done vpon th I firethoufand, Foꝛ there were that came one hundzeth mile off, to (ee the ſaide Auto( as. hey call 

aud laue them frome it) fonthat there were neuer none before, that had done the like in the lald Countrep, no could not 

they would repair in tellwhat Lutheranes were, noz what it means : foꝛ they neuer heard or anpſuch thing before, lle 

to be done. Thefnes were bought into the Church, euer one witha S. Benito vpon his icke, which is halfe a yard of 

ls, with other trolls pellow cloth, with a hole to put in amans head in the middelt, and calt ouer a mans head: both flaps 

ald) did much gold; ng one before, and another behinde, and in the middeſtok euer p flap, a S. Andrewes croſſe, made 

redite to it, till it pa fe ok red cloth, ſowed on vpon the lame, auu that is called S. Benito. The common people before i 
Name be praileoiyry He they ſawe the penitents come into the Church, were giuen to vnderlland that wee were heres | 
n matte to matte,¢ ton He tiques, infidels, and people that vid velpife God, and his wozkes, and that wee had bene moge like ] 
medmp ſelke often ME neuitg then men, and thought wee had had the fauour of ſome monceers, or heathen people, And : 
gelation ofthe tin, fe whenthep law bs come into the Church in our plapers coates, the women and childꝛen beganne 

hich flying in the um, i torrpout, and made ſuch a noile, that it was ſtrange to ee and heare, faping, that they neue r ſawe 

are at Cea in foule wer goodlier men in all their liues, and that it was not poſlible that there could be in bs fo much euill 

ther ſhips at ſea a Me as was tepozted ok vs, and that we were moze like Angels among men, then ſuch perſons of Such 

eleeue and worhipiu, 


nil Religion as by the Pꝛieſtes ard frievs wee were repozted to be, and that it was gree. ple 
n their neede and nu e that wee ae bee fo vſed for ſo ſmall an offence, Do that being bzought into the ſaide high 
i Church and fee vpon the ſcaffold ihich was made befozethe high Altar, in the pꝛeſence of ail the 
llua in nem Spaineꝰ people, ontill high Malle was done, and the ſermon made bpafrter, concerning our matter, they 
olle of our fore cad a 4 pin nut bi in all che dilgrare they could, to taule che people not to take fo much compallion vpon 
z,fiue leagues frome ie bo, {oy that wee were heretiques, x people that were leduced of the deuill, a had foplaken the kaith 
nd lying vpon theſus ofthe Catholique Church of Rome, with diuers other repꝛochẽull woꝛzdes, which were too long 
nok foure, fut, nit e sn recite in chis place. Digh Palle and Sermon being done, our offe 

t ſtozmp weather, wih He were retited, euery man what he had laid and dane, and pꝛelently was the lentente pꝛonounced as 
e hundzeth leagues dur gainſt bs. That was, that the ſaid Auguſline Boacio was condemned te weare hi J 
cruz, where wee nnd the dapes ok his life, and put into perpetual pꝛiſon, where hee ſhould fallill the fame, and all his 
e friend of his acquain: goods contifcaced and loft, And I che lade Fomſonto weare the S. Beni 

e lalde Cownett er i then to beſet at lbertie, And koꝛ the accompliſhing of this font 
his milfoztune iy Sea, Hie prelentlp ſent downe from Mexico, to Vera Cruz, and from thence to S. lohn de Vllua, aud there 
pt vs there a hole mo: to be ſhipped koꝛ Spaine, which was 6 5.leagues by land, wit 

alla gaue vsthet nen f panne of 1000, buckets, the alters euery one ſbould looke ttraitty vnto vs, and ca 
of the ſhop ol ver god mr Spaine and deliuer vs vnto che Inquilitoꝛs of the Poly houle of Siuiil 
does, and alotbernecl HF the places where we ſhould fulfill our pꝛnances that the Archbiſhopo 
men, and montyinda HAE to bs, oy his ſentence there giuen. Foz performance of the which, we 
nto the ſumme of 400, ico,to the Sea lide, which mas 65 leagues, with Fetters vpon our keete, and t 
intrey, J the lade No- Millers ok the ſbiys, to be taried fo Spaine,ag bekoze is laid. And it was fo, 
o ſit ou my borte , ba ring that ik he had pꝛelented himlelke in Spaine befoze the J 

when wee came within 

llicke, and within thee HE landof Tercera,one of the piles of the Acores, the firſt night that we tame into th 
one of his chien ant ancker about midnight he found the meanes to get him na 
ni¢hin tenne dapes iter naked athoare, and foprefentiy get him ta the furcher fine 
aide company,thette i Cuelreadyto depart foꝛ Portugal, in the which he camer 
K the lickne that ag i mint England, where hee ended his like inthe Citie ok London. And 
he ende ok which tneit n bondthe hip, and came into Spaine, and was deliuered to the Inquilitoꝛs of the Poly boule of Si- 
greatly diſabled a i ull where they kept me in clole pꝛilon till had kulüilledt 

way how to pꝛobte m n tine being erpired, J was freely put out ot pꝛilon, and ſet at libertie: 


ketie. Then byſtiend, i ulacacher ok one Hu gh Typton, an Engliſh marchant of great doin 
bene married inthelea f med thatthere came out of th 


ferred to the feruice oft bin bene lung time in the Indies and had got great ſummmes ot golde and fuer, and with one onelp 
the ilk canqueroursef 


er ſhipped himſelfe fo2 to come fo; Spaine, and by the way chanced to die, and gaue 
tiwelue moneihs unt I auchn hee had bnto his onely daughter, whole name was Marie de la Barrera, and being arriued 
eformacterdofRelitt HE atcbe Ce of iit kr was my chance to mary with her. Che marti 


ſeuen monetis,withot f pounds in bares of golde and ſiluer, beſides iewels ol great price, This Hh 
je bought ent n mn BE of codew the goodneg of Gov to all them that put their truſt in him 
vguſtin Boacioan Ait the Indies, in fueb great miſery and infamy to rhe woꝛld, ſhould be pꝛouided at Gods hand in one 
rens 0 dtsguts tige N nomen of mne hen in all my like before could attaine vnto by mp owne labour. 

Non Pp 2 Alter 


e — —— "ia eR SR 


452 TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, Ad Rob. T omſon. 
— — . ——— 


Alter we departed from Menico ur S.Benitoes were fet vp in the high Church of the laid Ci 
tie, with out names wꝛirten in the lame, ac coꝛding to their vſe and custome, which is and wil beg 
monument and a remembꝛante of bs, as long ag the Romith Church voth raigne in that country, 
The lame haue bene feene fince by one Iohn Chilton, and diners others of our nation, which were 
left in that countrep long fince by Str John Hawkins. And becaule it ſbalbe knoboen wherefore 
it was that J was fo puniſhed by the Clergies hande, as before ts mentioned , J will in bziele 
words declare the fame, a i 

It is ſo, that being in Mexico at the table, among manppꝛintipall people at dinner, they began 
to inquire of me being an Engliſyman, whether it were true, that in England they had ouerthyow: 
en all their Churches and houles of Religion, and that all the images of the Saints of heaven that 
were in them were thꝛowen downe, broken, and burned, and tu ſome places higb wapes foney 
with them, and whether the Englich nation denied their obedience to the Pope of Rome as they 
hav bene certified out of Spaine by their friends, To whom J made anlwere, that it was ſo that 
in deed they had in England put downe all the Religious houles of kriers and Monks that were in 
England, and the images that were in their Churches and other places were taken awap, and vled 
there no moze: fo2 that (as they ſax) the making of them and putting of them where they were 
dozed, was cleane contrary to the expzelle tömanvement of Almighty God, Thou ſhalt not malt 

to thy felfe any grauen image, &c. and that fog that caule they thought it not lawlull chat thep 
ſhould ſtand in the Church, which is the houſe of adoration, One that was at the decls ng of thle 
woꝛds, who was my mater Gonſalo Cereſo, anſwexed and ſaid, if it mere againd the commantes 
ment of God, to haue images in the Churches, that then he had ſpent a great deale of money n 
Haine, fo that two veres paſt he had made in the monaſtery of Santo Domingo, in the laid cttieof 
Mexico, an image of our Lapp of pure filuer egolde, with pearles and precious tones, whichiot 
him 7000, and odde peſos, and eue ry peſo is . 5. 8. d. of out monep: which indeed was trut fanthat 
A baue ſeene it manp times my felfe where it ſtands. At the table wos another gentlem ux 
prefuming to defend the caule moze then en? other that was there, ſaide, that the y knew telly 
nough that they were made but of to :kes and fortes, and that to them was no worthip giuen, but 
that there was a certaine veneration due vnto them after they were fet vp in the Church and ihn 
they were let there to a good intent:the one, loꝛ that ihey were boch a foꝛ the limple people to make 
them vnderſt ann the glory of the faines that were in heauen, F a ape ofthera tout vs in mem 
bꝛante to cal vpon them, to be cur interceslors vnto God for vs, fog that we are ſuch miſenbl fine 
ners that we are not woꝛthy to appeare pefore God, x that vling deuotion to ſaints in he weather 

obtaine at Gods hands the founer,che thing that we demand ok bim. As for examy. e ſadhe, 
tmogin that a Cubiect hath offender his king vpon the earth in an kind of relpect, is it fon ihepnte 


to go boldly to the king in perfon,e to demend pardon kor his oftencess Mo,Caith he themen 
were too great, pollibip he might be repulled and haue a great rebuee fop his labour. Bttter it is 


for ſuch a perlon to leck ſome pꝛtuate man neere the king in his Court, and make hirn acquainten 
with his matter, x let him be a mediatoꝛ to his Maieſty for him, ¢ for the matter be hachto vowith 
him, and fo might he the better come co bis purpole, and obte ine the thing which he Doeth demands 
euen fo faith he, it is with God and his faints inheauen: for we are wzetched finners, and not toy 
thy to appeare nop pꝛeſent our ſelues before the Maieſty of God, to demand ol him thething tht 
we haue need ok: therefore chou Hatt need to be deuout, and haue deuotion to the mother ol dos, 
and the laints ol heauen, to be intertelloꝛs to God foz the, and ſo mayeſt th D better obteine of 
Godthe thing that thou ook demand. To this 4 anſwered, k laid, lr, as s the top 

vou made of the incercellors to the king, how neceflarp they were, FJwou v... wae pou thisque 
tion, Det ihe tale that this king vou {peak of, if he be fo mertiful, es, v hen he noweth chatcnt, 
oz any of bis ſubiects hath offended him, he lend fo him to bis owne ꝛowne / od to his on ne boule. 
palace, q lay vnto him, come hither, J know that thou batt offended many lawes if thou doe kung 
thereof and doelt repent thee of the fame, with ful intent to offend no more, J wil foriuethy url 
paſſe, aud remember it no moze : laid J, this be done by ihe kings owne perfon, what thenbet 
this man need to go ſeeke frienvihip at any of the kings pꝛiuat ſeruants hands, but go tothe pu 
cipal, ſeeing that he is reavter to foꝛgiue thee then thot art to demand foꝛgiuenes at hishandse 
uen lo is it with our gractous God, who calleth and crieth out vnto vs thyougbout all the won l 


the mouth of bis Prophets, Apoſtles and bp bis otene mouth, faying,Come unte me al ye thatle 


bour and are ouet laden, and l wil refreth you: beſides 3 ooo. other offers and ppofters obich et 
voth make vnto vs in his holy Scriptures, CCihat then haue we neebof the faints hel pe that at 
in heauen, whereas the Lopn bimfelf voih fo freelp offer himlelke onto vs: At which lepinns ne 
ny ol the bearers wers attonten, and ald that by that realon, A would gine to — that th 


oration § 


iuuocation 
red, that th 
felfe, and y 
and therefc 

it not bene 
ber tado ef 
ſhop of Mes 
Englichma 
of Saints, 
none other t 
owto | 

of S.Juhn de 
ol not abous 
dikere was bi 
vards is ma 
me = wherfore the 
come and go 
ers and an a 
Nortberly v 
umdall away; 
foz nothing e 
Countrey all 
geest guantit 
pop into the 


Foam this 


dhe, till pou 
wood till pote 
without water 
forthe folke ol 
the owners au 
deth allo in a v 
bloboen from t. 
towue alſo is f 
dindie wich the 
rns knew che d 
fruit ofthe cous 
cheir ill comm 
halfen dape 
lache Rincon: 
fide, where the 


goon betwirt 


ny that you do 
a any in the wo 
toPueblo de los 
~totune ok oo. 
tht pouſball cot 
me redolo grounds 
pueblo de los A 
nated, = Mexic. 
et, but of Indi: 
nd many moze, 

ne South (ea, lo 

Mishtuacen in tl 

aug ie many pt 
F. Cts lake an 
dale ihm thirtie 
: anne inthe midd 
s chu kalleth 


M. Robert Tomfon. Traffiquesc Diſcoueries. i 


ob.Tomfon 453 


urch ok the laid Ci fuaocatton vf Saints was to be diſanulled, and bp che Lawes of Gud not comma 


> 
q 
a 


nded, Janſwe⸗ 


ren, that they were not ny words, but the wozbs of God himlelke: looke into the Scripture 
1 Achat . elke, and pou lhall lo bude it. The talke was perceiuento be pꝛeiudiciall to the Romp . N 
ration which were id cherektze te was commanded to be no moze entreated of, and all remained vnchought pon, hab 
knobenwörreſthe it not bene foꝛ e villanous Portugal that was in the company, who laid, Bafta fer Ingles para ſa- Hy 
ned, J will sn bee ber todo eſto y mas: u the nert dap, without imparting any thing to any body, went to the Bi⸗ H 
: F  fhop ol Mexico, and his Pꝛouiſoꝛ and ſaid, that in a place where he had bene the day before, was an i 

u dinner, theybiam fe Englibnan tbo had ſald that there was no need of Sainte in the Church, noꝛ ok any inuocation th 
chey had ouerthoy: ek Dans, vpon whole denomination J was apppehended fop the fame words here rehearled, and 1 
aints of heauen that none other thing, and thereupon was bled s before is witten. Hi 
big wapes dunn Nowto ſpeake lomewhat ok the deſcription of the Countrep,pou ſhall vnderſtand, that the pozt 

spe of Rome 6 thep | of d. lohn de Vitua is averplittle Iſland low bythe water ſide, the lnoadeſt oꝛ longeſt part there⸗ sane Tuande | 

1 65 atest that fe lot aboue Abowthooreoucr, and tanveth within two furlongs ofthe firme land. In my time us 
uns ther ben e bereue but one houte, and alitcle Chappel talcy opatte in all he Allan the veto the ann 

taben away ond oed fae wards is mave by mans handes, with free-fone and Grauel, and is 4. fadome deepe downe right, 1 
nubere cher wies, I mbetinctbe great ips ther comein there da rive o neece the hoare of the Alland, that you max 140 
‘hou ſhalt not make ame goe a and OpOU hett beake nofes, Chey fe copueareac chaines of pron inn cheir hale I Ful 
not lawlull that tp ſers and an ancker to the land ward, and all little vnoughto more well their thippes forfeare of the } 
een ee 1 
rite cermany 1 ee he hone, Che hing was wont tohaue ao.great might Megtoes, tho dio ferue fii 
0 deale of np I 2totbing elle, butonelp to repatre the ſald Alland, where the koule weather doeth hurt it. Che i 
at in he Catoctin Aime Counteey all there about ts verp plaine ground, x a mile krom the ſeaſide a great wildernes, with Mi 
Elaphe wwhichiot I stent quanttte of red Deccein the fame, fo chat whenthemariner 10 

g 


8 Of the (hips 
derpwastrütiuhu Agee ipfw the wübdernes, nm do kul ofthe lame, ano boing themabo be thips are vilpoled, they 


oiher gentkemene I de, ei pon come within ane league of theplace, andthen you tur bittance fram 
hat they Lata wood till pou come to a litle riyer bare upehe hus tones ens — everest er : 
no Mopthip given, but without witer. The tuwneok Vera Cruz in my time, had not palt 300. houſbolds, and ſerued but spams fine 
1 ee n de 5 Apia da bing their goods aland, end deli ’ ; 2 

hie ; theonners am their factops to receiue their good ok the i 2 
into put 1 A beth alfoin a very plaine on the one five the 2 in 5 boa 1 81 Wee Chis tote fan 
are fuch mi . blowin from che lea five with the cempett of weather many times comming vpon that coalt. This 
ofatnts in hl weather tonne alfois fubiect to great licknes, and in my time manyok the 9p : 
is fo2 exam. 2 laloht, din die with thole diſe ales, there accuttomed,¢ eſpecially thole that were not vled to the 


2 


ſpect.is it forthepartp 


countrep, 
faith be,theppefumptid | fruttofthecountrey with much dilozder, a 


nein the heat of che dap, x did eat 


i ni nd eſperlallp gaue themfeluesto tu 6 
his ü therürkcomming. whereupon they were 5 055 a e ok the which few etrapere . ! 
make hist 1 10 with halle avayes fournep from Vera Cruz, towards Mexico, is a lodging of five o fire houſes, cal⸗ | 
acter he N 70 ledthe Rinconado which is a place, where is a great pinacle made oflime and ſtone kat bya riuer dumm de Ring i 
hich he doet ie five, where the Indians were wont to doe chelr facrifices onto their gods, and itis blaine and loom 4 
d e ie ground betwirt that and Vera Cruz, and allo ſubiect to licknes: but afterward halfe a dayes iour⸗ ih 
eee e de dd the high land, you thall fine as katre, good, and lweet countrep, Me 
andthefarther j Hy 
er “specter obteineef fa to Pueblo de feb Angeles ne m ambi aka ee kia : 


: : : ' Vera Cruz, which was in my time Pueblode lor 17 
8 gba compara -tolone ok 600, houiholds, oꝛt le. 4 Angeles, 17 
N ebe i bid ile. Berweene Vera Cruz any : 1 
enhe nowerh theteue, not 

0) to his ou ne boule.) pueblo 

weg ik thou doe knew 
e, J wil forgtue hy tre 
perlon, what thenteth 
anbs, but go to iht pid 
riuenes at dis hands 
dugbout all the wopld,ty 
ne vnto me al (fee 
g and profiers Wht Ade thictie ton 
thefaints helpe that at 


se 
rand, that! 
ie to bnde . 


doeth ſtand in a great f 

th proceed from the ſhedding of the 

and fo Gather themſelues together inthis , 
P 7 


“454. TheEnglith Voyages, Nanigations,A4.Rob.Tomjon, 


Ali the whole proportion of this Citie doeth and in a verp plaine ground, and in the mide gos 

the laid Citie is a {quare place of a good bow ſhoote ouer from five to ſide: and in the middeſſ ot 

the fain place is the higb Church, very faire and well builder all through, at that time not halle. 

nithed, and round about the laid place are many faire houles built: on she one fide,are the hours 

where Mutezuma the great king of Mexico that was, dwelt, and now there lye alwayes the vice. 

ropes that the Ring of Spaine ſendeih thither euern thzee peeres, And in my time there was fn 

viceroy a gentleman of Caſul, callen Don Luis de Velaſco. And on the other fine of the (any 

lace ouer againſt the fame, is the Bithops houſe, very faire built, and inany other boutes ofgood⸗ 

pbuüding. Ano hard by the fame , are allo other verp faire houſes, built by the Parques de 

Valle, otherwiſe called Hernando Cortes, who was hee that firtt conquered the faive Citie 

5 Countrep, who alter the laid conquett which hee made with great labour and trauaile of hisper: 

pt andi bo fon,and danger of his lile, and being growen great in the Countrey, the King of Spaine laut n 

bis ohn 7 bim ſaying chat he had Come particular matters toimpart onto him. And when be came home, he 

somuming WS coun not bee lufkeren to returne backe agatne, as the Ming before had pronnten hum. Tiihity 
which, Foz foyroww that he cooke, he died; and ihis he had for the reward of his good leruice, 

The laid Citie of Mexico hath the ſtreetes made very broad, and right, that a man being inihe 

hitch place, at the one ende of the ſtreet, map fee at the leaſt a good mile kozward, and in all theons 

part ak the ſtreets of the Noꝛth part of their Citic, there runneth a pꝛetie lake of very cleare ws: 

ter, that euery man map put into his boule as muchas be will. without the coſt of any thing. buof 

che letting in. Alſo there is a great caue oꝛ ditch of water, that commeth though the Citle, auen 

vntothe high plate, where tome euery moming at the break of the day twentie oz thirtie Canons 

O} trougbes of the Indians, which bꝛing in them all maner ok prouifion for the citie, which is mane, 

ann groweth in the Countrep, which is a very good commoditte foꝛ the int abitants of that plat, 

And as for victuals in the fain Citie, of beefe, mutton, and hennes capons, quailes, Guinp- coll, 

and fuch like, all are very good cheape: To lay, the whole quarter ok an ore, as much asa fue 

can carry aap from the Butchers, fo fiue Tomynes, that is, fue Royals of place, whichisint 

tivo ſhillings and ſixe pence anv a fat ſheepe at the Butchers fop chee Nopals, which is 18. furt 

and no more, Bread is as good cheape as in Spaine, and all other kinde of kruites, as apples, 

peares, pomegranats, and qumces, at a reaſonable rate. Che Citie goeth wonderfully forwarns 

in building of Frieries and Nunneries, and Chappels, and is like in time to come, to be the mal 

populous Titie in the world, as it map be ſuppoſed. The weather is there alwapes verpemper 

rate, the day differeth but one houre of length all the pere long. The felvs and the woods areal: 

wapes greene. The woods full of popiniapes, and many other kinde of birdes that make ſuch m 

harmonie of Ginging, and crying, that any man will reioyce to heare it. In the fields are fuchooos 

riferous ſmels of lowers and hearbs, that it giueih great content to the ſenſes. About the Cult 

of Mexico tivo, three, oꝛ foure leagues off, are diuers townes of Indians, ſome of 3000. j 6c00, 

houſholds, which doe and in {uch a goodly ſoyle, that if Chꝛiſtians had the inhabit ation thereof, 

would be put to a further benefice, In my time were dwelling and aliue in Mexico, map ancient 

: men that were of the conqueroursat the frit conqueſt with Hernando Cortes: fog thenit was x 

Mexico om, bout 36. peeres agoe,that the (ais Countrey was conquered, 

1519. and About Mexico there are diuers Mines of liluer, and alſo in other places there about, but the 

1520. principall Sines that are in all New Spaine are in Sacatecas, 80, leagues from Mexico, andthe 

Mines ol 8. Martin, thirtie leagues, both to the Mozthweſlwardol Mexico, where is great Cope of 

gold and liluer. Allo there is a place callev the Milcca, fiftie leagues tothe North welt which uh 

peeld great tore of verp good tilke, and Cochinilla, Tine and ople there is none growing he 

Countrep, but what commeth out of Spaine, Alſo there are many goodly fruits in ihat County, 

whereof we haue none fuch, as Plantanos, Guyaues, Sapotes, Tunas, and in the wildernesgteit 

Cochinilla is {tone of blacke cheries, and other twholfome fruites, Che Cochinillais not a wozme, op allpe, 

Mot a le bus a Lome Cap it is, but a berrie that groweih vpon certaine bulbes in the wilde field u hichis gathered 

berry, in time of the peere, when it is ripe. Allo the Indico that doeth come from thence to die bit, 

isacertaine hearbe that groweth in the wilde fieldes, and is gathered at one time of the biete and 

burnt, and of the athes thereof, with other confections put thereunto, the faide Iadico is mad. 

Balme, Salfa perilla, Cana fiſtula, ſuger, ore hides, and many other good and feruiccable things 


Don i uis de 
Velafcu, 


Indico 


the Countrey doeth peelo, which are peerelp brought into Spaine, and there folve and diünbun 


ta man nations, 
Ros zr Tomson. 


A voyagt 


and rene v 
Batke Fox 
Imade a v 
ly traſon o 
the Genera 
rail fo; Ter 
leudes him 
together the 
ſonne of Do 
oꝛder fop the 
to be ttanſpi 
fapd port of 
and another 
compaſſed w 
plentifull o 
continued in 
mith leet ant 
boule, and th 
13000Dueat 
tell touchin 
Indians: bu 
erte the read 
greateſt abun 
forty pence ch 


Anotabl 
ners, m 
Spaine, at 
his trauel 


the notes whic 
bweth. 


Inthe peere 
lile in the bap 
tooke in her lad 
Within a mone 

ipania, and c. 
bout too miles! 

the fozts, 

fo halding, 0 
2 5 built 
e ſhippe 
leapeathone, i 


— — 
0b. Tomſon. 


and in the midde tor 
and in the middell of 
that time not haltes: 
je lide, are the houtes 
Ipe alwayes the vice: 
w time there was fy, 
other fine of the lade 
other houles of goon: 
t by the Marques oe 
d che laide Citie and 
W trauaile of bis per: 
ing Of Spaine {ent fy 
hen he came home hy 
uled hum, Tdluhthe 
good ſeruite. 
at a man being inthe 
ard, and in all theont 
ae of very cleare un 
Df of any thing, bull 
zoughthe Citie auen 
tie 02 thirtie Canon 
e citie, which is mare, 
abitants ok that pla, 
alles, Guiny-corkes, 
re, as much as a au 
of plate, which aul 
Is, which is 18. peut 
of kruites, as apples, 
vonderkullp forwarns 
come, to be the mol 
alwapes berpeemper 
and the woods areal: 
des, that make luth m 
be lields are fuchovo: 
iſes. About the Cie 
me ok 4000,036c00, 
nhabitation thereof 
Mexico, many ancient 
res: fo then it was x 


8 there about, but the 
from Mexico, anvthe 
where is great tye ot 
oy boc, tobich doth 
none growing inthe 
uits in that County, 
u she wildernes great 
a wozme, 07 ale 
elo, u hich is gathered 
m thence to die biw 


and feruiccable things 


re folde and dilinduuld 


N. 


A voyagt 


Sandner vies, aud to helpe to make falt the thips that come in 


wherethe ſhippes ble to ride, nade fal to the layd wall with their cables, ſo 
leapeathone, From this poʒe I tournepen by land to a towne called Ve 


M. Roger Boden ham. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 4.55 
Lg ee Ra eee — — — 


Avoyage made by M. Roger Bodenham to S. Ihn de 


of Mexico, in the yeere 1 564. 


0 a Roger Bodenham gauing a long time liued in the city of Siuil in S8 
ö 8 


Viluain the bay 


paine, being 
to the parts of 
rade b 


ap theremartied, aue bp occation thereof vſi 
9) Ke) Barbary, grew at length to great loſle and 
neauche city of Fez : 

ae wits about mee, 

and rene w mp tate: and in cone 

Barke Fox, perteining to Lond 


er in both fleets, 

bere 1564: and I with my thip 
ttued with him in Noua H iſpan 
Vera Cru 


and another called Tlaxcalan. 
tonpalled with a lake, 
plentifull o all nece 

continued in the co 

nity let, and deliuered t 

houle, 


It is a citp 
3 hauing 
the Spas 


the value of 
Hiſpania, af: 

pan ards and 
Jamit them, and ree 


ochinilla growethin The re, 
not there worth aboue . J 
thereof, 


Chilton, touching the eople, ma. 
rces, and other memorablet ings of New 
he Wet Indies, ſeene and noted by himſelfe in the time of 
arts, the {pace of feuenteene or eighteene yeeres, 


the peere of our Lo: 567, in the moneth ok July, J John Chileon went 

BY) out of this city of London into Spaine, where J rematnen for the {pace of {es 
5 den peres, x from thence J {ales into Noua Hiſpanis, and ſo tratelled there, 
i 2 9 


and bp the South fea, vnto Peru, the ſpace ok ſeuenteene m eighteenepeeres $ 


Indians: hut bec auſe the thoſe ob 
ferte the readers to the lame: onely this J lap, that. 
greatet abundance about the towne of Pueblo 

forty pence the pound. 


Anotable difcourfe of M. Ihn 
ners, mines, cities, riches, fo 
Spaine, and other prouinces int 
his trauels; continued in thoſe p 


ad akter that tune expired, J returned into Spaine, and ſo in the pere 1586 in 
the moncth of Julp. Jarriued at the fozelayd cityot London; where peru 


2 fing 
ro which J had taken in the time ol my trauell in thole peeres, I haue Cee downe as fol⸗ 
weth. 


Inthe peere 1568, in the moneth of March, being vefirous to fee the world, 


1568. 
ſele in the bay ot Cadiz in Andaluzia, in a ſhippe bound fo) the Illes ol the Can i 
tooke in her lading, e ſet forth from thence fo2 the vopage, in the monethof Jun 
Within amonethakter, we felt with the Ille of 8. Domingo, and from thence 
ana, and cantꝛ into the port of S. Iohn de Vllua, which is alitle Illand in the fea, a⸗ san luun dt 
Deut two miles kromthe land, where the king mainteine th about Jo ſouldters and captaines, chat Vi. 
te fonts, and about 150 negroes, who all the yeere long are occapled in esæping of fones 
5 here, with their cables, 
ie built two bultuarkes at echendeoka wall, that Raver like wiſe in the ſayde Illand, 
neere, that a man map nee 
1 Cruz, Kauding by a ven ch, 
rivers 


riuers five, where all the factours of the Lopanith merchants dwell, which receiue the goodgof 


ſuch ſhips as come thither, and allo lade the lame with ſuch trealure and merchaudize as they re, ano tales, 

turne backe into Spaine. They are in number about foure hundzed, who onelp remaine there du⸗ change of 

ring thetimethat the Spanilh fleet vilchargeth, aud is loden againe, which is from the end o Ay. fF Going fro 

quit to the beginning of Apzil following. And then fog the vn whole lomneſſe ofthe place they de celled Tan 

part thence firceenc leagues further vp within the coimtrey, to atowne called Xalapa, 400% unhabiteb; 

bealthfull ſolle. Chere is neuer any woman delluered of childe in this poze of Vera Cruz: fop fo Eich. 4 

foone as they perceiue themlelues conceiued wich child, they get them into the countrep o auoiy oe 

the perill of the inlected aire, althougb they vſe euer mozning to dꝛiue thoꝛow the towne aboue tom hene 

two thoufand head ok cattell, to cake away the ill vapours ofthecarth, From Xalapa feyen Nes 

Peotafenen leagues J came to another place, named Perota, wherein are certaine houſes builded of ftray, i pai, all the 
leagues. called by the name of ventas, the inhabitants whereofare Spaniards, who accultome to harbour FUapetete 
{uch trauellers as are occationen to iournep that wap vp into the land. Je ſtandeth in a great ant fine pin 
wood ok Pine and Cedar trees, the loile being very colde, byreafon of Roze of now which Che ner 

onthe mountaines there all the pere long. There are in that place an inlinite number of deere, of Popes Bul 

bignelle like unto great mules, bauing allo bopnes of great length. rom Perota nine leagues, of Sonfonat 

Puente deo. A came to the Fuentes ofOzumba, which fuentes are ſpꝛings of water illuing out of certeine Spaine, 
ban: rocks into the mitt of the high waves, where likewifeare certaine ranges, and houlcs, inte fue Anetls am 
leagues. io, bes before mentioned, Eight leagues off krom this place J came to the citpof the Angels, 0 . ‘crentelts 
Laute. be cullen bp ehacname of the Sopanpards, which inhabit chere to the number of atbouland,belncsa wibuce ini 
great number of Indians, Chis city ſtandeth in very plaine fields, hauing neere avioyning toit out tbis cour 

mauy ſumptuous cities, as namelp the city of Tlaxcalla, a city of two hundzed thoufand Indian, f 4 


tributaries to the king, although he exacteth no other tribute of them then a handkull of wheat 4 
piece, which ambunteth to chi. ene thoutand hanneges peerelp , as hath appeareo byrhehings fue niet of pail 
Hooks of account, And the realon why he contenterhbimfelfe with this tribute, onelp forchon, I wich mucho 
és, betaule they were the occattonthat he tookethe citp ol Mexico, withihamebe Clarcallans I ‘ur tbere fo 
had warre at the Came time when ihe Spanpardscameinto the countrey. The gouernour ofitis they ble to in 
city is a Spanpard, called among them Che Alcalde mayôr, who avminiſtreth chiefeſt caules ak f Guaraca At. 
tultice both vnto the Chrittians anv Indians, referringlmaller and lighter vice, as Dyunkemele I Pounce ofS 
and ſuch like, to the iubgement and dilcretion of ſuch of the Indians as are chofen euery tere to | Spaines com 
rule among chem, called by the name of Alcaldes. Thele Indians from fouretcene peertsoine fo this pur 
bpwards , pap unto the king fop their perelp tribute one ounce of fuer and an hannege omi, hence A went 
which is valued among them commonly at twelue reals of plate, The widowes amon: ‘hem Nowa ifpan 
pap halle of this. Che Indians both of this city, and of the reſt, Iping about Mexico, goe clorhen pont, fanding 
with mantles of linnen cloth made of cotton wooll, painted thozowout with works of viuersand agra hem to 
wiexesttafoure line colours. It is diſtant from the city ofthe Angels foure leagues to the Mozthward, ¢foures lib a piece of 
kcagues noithe ceene trom Mexico. There is anothercity aleague from it, called Chetula, confitting of moe fisof Lubec, 
Angeles, then lixty thouſand Indians, tributaries, and there dwell not aboue twelue Spanparns there, wolnthe pee 
Froin it, about two leagues, there is another, called Acaſſingo, ok aboue fifty thouland Indians, mountaines to 
vuleꝛn is a bil and about eigbt oꝛ twelue Spanyards, which ſtandeth at the toot ol the Vulcan of Mexico pn the J went fil al 
sharcontinue Cat five, Chere are belles hele, ehꝛer other great cities , the one namen Tepiaca,, ap tobich pounce 
with fit. mous tity, Waxazingo, and Tichamachalcho : all thefein times paſt belonged to the bingdame nia, lathat it 
Cochinitla, bl Tlaxcalla: and from theſe cities thep bꝛing mot of their Cochinilla into Spaine. The diftane 
pueblo delo tom the city of the Angels, to the city of Mexico is twenty leagues, This city of Mexico is the 1 
nn . houles init, builded all of lime and and withall be 
Bae tm cone ann feuen ütreetg in length, and Ceuen in bpendth, with riuers running thopoweuerpfecons f Suellen tho 
freet, by which they bꝛing their pꝛouilion in canoas. It is ſituated at the foot of certaine bules, 
which conteine in compalle by eftimation aboue twenty leagues, compalling the ſapd cityonthe peu x 
one fide, and a lake which is foureteene leagues about on the other fine, Upon which lake there uatimal tub 
are buile many notable and lunptuous titles. as the city of Teſcuco, where the Spanparnsbuilt f Mat bere t 
fire krigats, at thattime when they conquered Mexico, and where alfo Fernando Cortes made paitefog tuttice, 
his abode fiue oz fir moneths in curing of the ficknetle of bis people, which they bad taken atthelt misberp rich, 
comming inta ebecounteep, Chere dwell in this city about firepehoutand Indians, whichpay f te Eau 
tribute to the king. In this city the ſayd Fernando built the fineſt church that euer was builtis todutot No 
the Indies, the name whereof is S. Peters. 7 leagues from! 
After J had continued two peeres in this city, being delirous to fee further the countteys, ref hips 
Aimploped that which A bad, and tooke my vopage towards the pꝛouinces of California, inthe e backe 
which was diſcouered a certeine countrep, by a Biſcaine, whole name was Diego de . a hie 
a 


n ( Hilton. 
receiue the goongof 
rchandize as they res 
ly temaine there du 
from the end of Ay: 
ofthe place they oe. 
ied Xalapa, a 


| MFobn Chilton, 1 raffiques and Difcoueries, 


457 


» Which iopneth to the pꝛoul 
ns fox the mont pare gonahen,anp An a malcaltepec. 


11 15 eople. ir T 

ecounzepcoang fe mmo ATMOUE (Gots ana neee chp Ute weak up uh Ehn n eee 
Ww the towne aboue . um bene Departing, Z| came to anothcr prouince named Xalifco,and from thence to the pozt ol che panen | 

From Xalapa ſeuen Nauided, which in 1 20 {ragues from Mexico, in which Pope arrive alwapes in the moneth of Qs ot Ce cues i 

es builoed of raw put all he thtps that come out of the South fea from China, andthe Phil pin of Chinag the | 


ppinas, and there they Philippinse avs 
lüp thet merchandile alhoze. The mott part whereof is mantl nus. 
| efter ge, mane of earth, an uch gene. Cotton wool, Miert, . 
Che nert Summer following , being in the peere 1 tobi 
| Popes Buls were bꝛought into the Indies) J onbertooks auoh ee vege dell enden 


ccuſtome to harbour 
ſtande ch in a 1 
ok fhow which lieth 
number of deere, of 
Perota nine leagues, 
Iuing out of certtine 

and houſes, lo the 
ty of the Angels, {9 
athouland,befives a 
neere adioyning toit 
d thouland Indian, 
Ahandkull of wheat 
speared by the kings 
ute, onelp for than, 
omthe Tlaxcalluus 


in which Cet ae 
pay their 17 


with nuch other goods of other merchants ol Mexico from one Franciſco e g 
tour there fop all the Spanich merchants that then traded in the>outh eee fon home 75 
cher vſe toimbarke all their goods that gue for Peru, andto the kingd oh 


ö i ome ok li . 
1 1 7 J Guaxaca J tame to a towne named Nixapa, which ſtandeth vpon certaine ponte bille a 75 f 
ces, an ppunkennele prouince of Sapotecas, wherein inhabit about the number of twenty Spanpards, bp the Ring oF se ae 10 
holen euery ptereta b Spaines tommandement, to heepetbat countep in peactzfoz the Indians are verp rebellious: and a | 
uretrene peerrsolve fy this pupole bee beftowech on them the folunes ¢ cities that be within that prouince, From 
anbarnege dlm, hence Awent to a city called Tecoantepec, which is the fartheſt towne to the Eat ward in all Tecoantepec; 
idowes amont hen 
Mexico, goe clothen 
Works of Viucrsand called a Dem 5 
5 ; | y culuerin, which came out of 1 
Fe lis of Lubec, Which captaine Hawkins eft in S. Iohn de Vilua, beinginfghe indy theses 
e Spanpards there, arosinthe peere x 568; which piece thep alterwards caried Too leagues by land ouer mighty hi 
niin toe, Te cg eae Soc hp ee | 
: about 1 soleagues in the delolate pꝛouinc : 
Mee ie Wwhichppouince there groweth cacao, which the Chrittians carp fr hence tite Ne ace teres 
ged tothe kingdom 
paine. The diffane 
city of Mexico is t 
uilded all of 10 ba 
thoꝛow eucry tec * 
ot of certaine filles, : Few people, the biggett towne therein batting not aboue Sleeps, 
xthefapocity onthe I wohundled Indians. 1 
pon which lake there 
the Spanperds built 
rnando Cortes made 
hey bad taken atthelt 
Indians, whichpiy 
that euer was bulltin 
ther the 17 
of California, in . 0 anpards. From Nicuis 
ag Diego de Guiats, Me” a tranelled to Nicoia, which is in the kingdome of Nicaragua, in which vo t the ki ered pe 
en e eg al he bg thas erat out of the indes tothe Malacon, — fran nett 


thence ae 


Che velcriper 
on of Havana 
at large. 


he (mal force 
ol Hauana, 


e tommo 
— ol Cuba. 


Vela Pac. 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, ohn (hilton, 


thence to Coſta rica, where the Indians both men and women go all naked, and the land lieth he. 
tweene Panama, and the kingdome of Guatimala: and fo2 that the Indians there liue as wary), 
ers, I durſt not palle by land, fo that here in a towne called S. Saluador J beſlowed that which 7 
carted in annile (which is a kinde of thing to die blew withall) which A carted with metothe 
port of Cauallos, i ing in the kingvome of Honduras, which pozt is a mighty huge guife, any 
the comming in on the one fine of it there lieth a towne of little force without opdinance ox ano. 
ther Qrength, hauing in it houles of ſtraw: at which towne the Spanpards vle peerelp in them 
neth of Augutt to vnlade foure (hips which come out of Spaine laden wich rich merchandife, and 
receiue in heere againe their lading ok a kinde ol merchandiſe called Annile and Cochinilla (il: 
though it be not of fuch value as thas of Noua Hifpania) and filuer of the mines of Tomaanoy; 

and golde of Nicaragua, and hides, and Salſa perilla,the beſt in all the Indies: all which merchens 
dize they returne,and Depart from thence alwapes in the moneth of Apzil following, taking ther 
courte by the Illand of lamaica,in which Ffland there dinell on the Cet five of it certeine Spa: 
npards of no great number. From this plate they go to the cape ol S. Anthony, which is theres 
termol part of the Meſtward ok the Illand ol Cuba, and Crom thence to Hauana lying hard py, 
which is che chiefell port that the king of Spaine bach in all the countreys of the Indies, mot 
grrateſt importance : foz all the ſhips, bothfrom Peru, Hunduras, Porto rico, S. Domingo, l. 


maica, and all other places in his Indies, atriue there in their returne to Spaine, for that inths i 


port they take in victuals and water, and the molt part of their laving: here they meee from allie 
forefapd places alwapes in the beginning of Map by the kings commandement: at the entrance 
of this post it is ſo narrow, that there can ſcarle come in two ſbips together, although it be atoue 
fire fadome deepe in the narroweſt place ok it. In the Moꝛth lide o the comming in there dam 
eth a tower, in which there warcheth euery day a man to deſcrie the lailes of hips which hein 
fee on the fea; and as many as he viſcouereth, fo many banners he letteth vpon the tower, that he 
people of the towne (which ſtandeth within the pozt about a mile krom the tower) may bunt 
ſtand thereof. Under this tower there lieth afandp ſhoze, where men may ealily go aland and by 
the tower there runneth a hill along by the waters Live, which ealily with mall Rope of ovine 
ſubduech the towne and port, The pore within is fo large that there may calilp ride a thoufany 
fatle of (hips without anker oꝛ cable,fop no winde is able to hurt them. There inhabit withinihe 
towne of Havana about thꝛee hundzed Spanpards, and about thneeſcoze ſouldiers, whichthe king 
mainteineth there for the keeping ok a certeine cattle which hee hath ok late erected, which hath 
planteo in it about twelue pieces ok lmall opdinance, and is compalled round with a lmallduch, 
wherethoꝛow at their pleafure they may let in the fea, About two leagues from Hauana there ls 
eth another towne called Wanabacoa in which there is dwelling about an hundzed Indians, anv 
from this place 6o leagues there lieth another towne named Bahama, ſituate on the Hoꝛthſbeo 
the Wand. The chiekeſt city of this Alland ol Cuba (which is aboue 200 leagucs in length) is 
allo called Sant lago de Cuba, where dwelleth a biſhop ¢ about two hund zed Spanyards; which 
towne ſtandeth on the South five of the Illand about 100 leagues from Hauana. Allthetrade 
ofthis Alland is cattell, which they kill onely for the hives that are bꝛought thence intoSpaine: 
fo which end the Spanpards mainteine there many negroes to kil their cattell and foller a gren 
number of hogs, which being killed, and cut into (mall pieces, they dzy in the Dun, and ſo make 
it pꝛouiſion foꝛ the ſh ps which come £02 Spaine. 


Mauing remained in this Alland two moncths, J tvoke hhipping in a krigat, and went durrto f 


Nombre de Dios, and krom thence by land to Panama, which ſtandeth pon the South lia, 
From Nombre de Dios to Panama is 17 leagues diſtance: from which towne there runnetha 
river which is called the riuer of Chagre, which runneth within 5 leagues of Panama, to a flat 
called Cruz es, thozow which riuer they carp their goods, and diſimbarke them at the ſayd Cru. 
zes, and from thenco theyſare conueped on mules backs to Panama by land; where they again 
imbarke them in certeine (mall ſhippes in the South lea fo all the coaſt of Peru. In one ulihele 
{hips I went to Potoſſi, and krom thence by land to Cuſco, and from thente to Pata. 

Here Jremainco the ſpace of ſeuen moneths, and then returned into the kingvome of Guat. 
mala, andarrined in the pꝛouinte of Nicoia, and Nicaragua. From Nicaragua J trauelleoby 
land to a pꝛouince called Nicamula (which lieth toward the Month ſea in certaine high mouw 
taines) for that I could not paſſe thoꝛow the kingvome of Guacimala at that time fop water 

herewith all the Lom countreps of the pꝛouinte of Soc onuſco, ping by the South fea, att 
dꝛowned with the raine that falleth aboue in the mountaines , enduring alwayes from April u 
September: which ſealon for that cauſe they call their Winter. From this pꝛouince J can 


ſedto be nine 
gin their tour 
tauſe the win 


| fromthe foot 


leagues. Aut 
Bp and by 
Spanpard, w 
Panuco, Whi 
titp called Me 
about thirty th 
planceo with t 
thnowehern, 
mold pleats 
als, Mithtn t 
lngtoagentler 
themeightoz n 
three dapes aft 
is another on 
npards, From 
grounds withot 
dwell many In 
haive long dowr 


into another called De Vera Paz, in which the chiefett city is allo called alter that name, mic 


lohn 4 hilton, 
and the land lieth po. 
is there liue as wary); 
eſlowe that which 7 
caried with metothe 
hey huge gulte, ond et 
ut oꝛdinance oꝛ anp · 
vle pere ly in them 
rich merchandile, any 


M.fobn Chilton, Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


459 
pwellech a biſbop and about ft > = 
838 p opty Bpanpards Among the mountain 


and Cochinila (d. ure paptbeie cvibute tuthe kiag all in Cotton wool and Feat nig, The pecpleal this poe 
nines ol Tomaaneus, tus citpthete te another called Chiapa, where are the bin e ** 2 
essall which merchen⸗ teried hence to Mexico, 300 leagues from it. A rom this city J trauelled fill thonow bil are 
Mowing, faking thee mountames, till Acame to the end of this prouince , to a hill called Eca tepee, thick { es and 
de of it certeine Spa. fignifieth The hill of winde: ti which in Engliſh wea 


ony, which is theres 
Jauanalping hardy, f 
of the Indies, anyof 
rico, S. Domingo, lu. 
paine, top that ins i 


gin their fournep about midnight, to trauell to the top of it belt 
taule the winde bloweth with uch force afterwards char it 4 1 
from the foot of this hill to Tecoantepec, the fitſt tu 


tune of Noua Hifpania, dre alain fe: 

meres ee = 157 phi hence J tournepeota Mexico. oua Hiſpania, ave about fifteene Tecoancepect 
nent: at the entrance and by after A came to Mexico which was in the pere 
: 160 1 er 3 5 tis fournep, e bene crete aan les anne Bf 

b i anuc ) on che coal of che S2oreh fea, and Within three dayes io 
of fhips which heren citpcalled heſtitlan, where there dwelt twelue Span ads: t Ninbabi n nerd 
oe face nen a ae beta, ewes 

a elome and fruitkull, hauing plenti 5 

ality go endete e cem. The high wapes of thelt ilies are all fet nit fountainesof water running 
fir lo ze of ordinance 
kalily ride a thoufany als, Mithi⸗ P leagues of this place there is another cit called Clanchi 
ere inhabit withinhe ingtoagentleman , where there inhabi 1 male ec belong. cy, : 
ubiers,whihdeting HA hon tsk here inhabit about fourty thouland Andians; nehinoltepeg | 
e erected, which hath 
ind with a lmallduch, 


from Hauanathete is 
Hundred Indians, ad 


te on the Honthldelt N : F 
leu See ate, abe i 
ed Spanpards; te} © (eit boo Res, they carp with them theit bowes and arrotnes bein bi 
Hauana, por wate mot part naked. In thoſe countreps they take neither pe 05 ae pact bal 
1 5 5 feln agra S ve papell greatlp effceme, and fe te fo2 a ppincipall medicine 100 Seng f 
the dum eno to mat deed in their lips and in their gummes. Alter nine dayes trauell from dtze. 


called Tampice, 
En .. ea ahetc ere Tape apey 


i ch number whulet wee abod ; owe i 
105 e — 17 1 55 ilar of Sale, which is all the ueber bane platt . i 
doi brenn et atthe month ara eco» Which is amber great nur; and wetett NOE 5e 
zol Panama, to a platt 


them at che fayd Cu-: cines pat had 
d; where they aint A thee the ndl 
k peru. In one olthele 
ace to Paita. e 
he kingdome of Cusu 
rarapua 3 tree 
in certaine high mou 


zought 
e, finding me in 


1 this pꝛouince 


3 any 
ter that name, wher gohan wapes traled by the wilde 


Te a Ce as aa — 
4.60 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations,/obn ( hilton, 


fell iuto the hands of certaine wilde Indians, which were there in certaine cott / ge mane of 

ftraw; who ſeeing me came out to the number of twenty of them, with their be wes and arr. wes 

and ſpake vnto mee in their language, which J vnderſtood not: and fo J made ligne s vnto them 

to helpe mee rom my hoꝛle; which they did by commandement ol their loꝛd, which was there 

wich them; ann lighted downe. They caried me vnder one ol the 'r tottages, and loye d me vpeng 

mat on the ground: and percetuing that J could not vnderſtand them, they brought vnto mien 

little Indian wench ol Mexico, of fifteene oz firteene peeresof age, whom thry commanoiito 

afke me in her language from whence J came, and fo; what intent Avus come among then ty 

ſayth the) doeſt thou not know Chuan, how that thele people will kill and cat the ? Co whem 

Nanſ wered, let them doe with me what they will ; heere now A am, bee replied, Caping, thoy 

wiapett chanke God thou art leane; for they feare thou halt the pocks: other wile they would ent 

thee. Wo J pꝛelentedto the king a little wine which F had with me in a bottle; which he etem 

eb aboue anp trealure: fop fo; wine they will Cell their wiues and childꝛen. Afcerwarns the 

wench alked me what J would haue, and whether J would eat any thing, J anſwered that J de 

ſiren a little water to dꝛinke, foz that the tountreyis very hote: and ſhee brought me a great Ve. 

nice glaſſe, gilded, full of water. And moruelling at the glaſle, J Demanded he w they tame yt. 

Shallapa. Ohe tolde me that the Cafique brought it from Shallapa, a great towne diſtant 30 leagues from 
this place on the billes, whereas vwelt terte ine ChpiMrang, and certeine friers of the Oꝛdereld. 

Auguſtine, which this Cafique with his people on a night flew; and burning the frtcrs mont 

rie, among other things referued this glatte : and from thence alſo brougtt me. Wauing non 

bene conuer ſant with them about thꝛee 02 foure houres, they bid her alke me tf I would gie my 

way. J ant weren her, that T deſired nothing cls, Sothe Caſique tauſed io of bis Tuptansty 

leade me forward in mp wap; going before me with their bowes and arrowes, naked, the {pate 

three leagues, till they bꝛought me into an high way: andi hen making a ſigne unto me, theplig: 

nitied that in (hort time J ſhould come to a towne where Chritians inhabited, whuh wos alien 

Sent lago de los S. Iago de los valles, ſtanding in plaine fields, walled about with a mud wall: the number olthe 
wulle. Chritiansthat welt therein, were not aboue foure oz nue and twenty, vnta which the kingof 
Spaine giueth Judiaus and townes, ta keepe the countreps ſubiect vnto him. Dcere the Chu 


Mighty ans haue their mighty mules, which they carp fo? all the parts of the Indies, and into Peru ſo chat 


” all their merchandize are raried vy thismeanes bp land, In this towne afozeſapd, J foundmp 
company which J had lot before , who made no other account of me but that J had becne flaine : 

lians there likewiſe maruelled to heare that Became from thofe kind e of Induns 
beard of before : koꝛ they take a great pride in billnga 

here he hath any baite growing, hanging it about ihen 

Inthis towne J remained eighteenc rapes, Ul 

there came one Don Francifco de Pago, twhom the 

generall, to open and diſcouer arctteine 

were from this place 160 leagues, foto 

leauing the wap by Mexico , which is Lengn op eight 

v company, with the ret of his foutdicrs sore 


and fiue hundred Indians, which we toten 


all geod archers, and nebtoneh, 
parting the kingnenieot 
Noua Hiſpania and Flor feching 


paſlage to paſle ouer; and finding none, we wer 
o raft, which when we had made, we late on it, 
ing it before them to the other fine, THithin thirty dayes 
Ehe mes or and mauntaines, we came to the mine sol Sacatec as, whi 
Sacatecas. and from thence they fetch mot liluer : at which mint 
Ce vallep er ans : and there our captaine gaue vs leaue to depart, 
Pattern, Ward Plerico ; anv from hence Pueblo nouo; an 
Mechucan. acan, ufter which name the chiekeſt city of that place is called, wberethere d 
boue an hundzen Spanpards in it: itaboundeth with all kind of Spanith fruits, and hath woch 
copper uines full ok nut trees, and wild vines. Deere are many mines ol copper, 8 
Leth oo lengues ftom Mexico, whither te came spishinfoure dapes after, The Indians ofth 
tountrey are very mighty and big men. It; Siw ö 
Afterwards J returned another way to the pꝛouinee of Sonſonate by Vera 


Campeche. Aluarado,and from shence to the xrouiute of Campeche, which liethon the South fin 


and great ſtoꝛe of cattell. J. 


cuz, and fo tolle 
cot the bah 


2 


ol Mexico 


buwnes ſub 


dhe countrez 
hith le rea 


he payeth fo; 


ug duely by 


uirnours the 


there, and f 


the miues of 


unt taken ou 


the land into 
commeth out 
late, and fo | 
ur houſe, % 
foure reals o 
reals, 

From the 
reals of enery 
although an he 
tig in their pp 
kealsokplate! 
likewife dwel 
thither fop the 
they bane tre 
bp any other tr 
be hathdereiue 
hundzed which 


tn atoue ten tl 


thle, Boe 
aue he hath fi 


obn ( hilton, 
ne COLE Mew made of 
powes and arr, wes, 
de ligne s vnto them 
1D, WHICH was there 
and loye d me wpeng 
o bzought vnto men 
the y commande to 
me among them: fy 
cat the: To wem 
replied, faping, thoy 
wife they would cate 
tle; which he elleem / 
en. Akter warn the 
p anfiwered that J bee 
ught me a great Ve. 
y he w they came bp it, 
tant 30 leagues from 
ers of the Oꝛder el, 
ig the friers monelt 
heme, Waning now 
ne tf I would git m 
two of bis Tuoransig 
es naked, the (pace of 
gne vnto me, theplig: 
ted, whu h wos called 
all: the number ofthe 
vnta which the bingo 
m. Deere the Chili 
and into Peru, for that 
kozeſayd, Ile ny 
at J had been lunt: 
e kind e of Indus 
great pride in billinga 
hanging it abouttheir 
pighteenc dapes, ug 
to de Pago, whom te 
and diſcouer accttcine 
ace 160 leagues,fopto 
which is Leven en eich 
ft of his foulbicrs wit 


is, which we totem 


chers, and nobtonen, 
atting the Ringdente 
of thꝛee dayes, feching 
timber to wehe abel 
nthe water, auoh 
r thozow Wed, Alte 
mines in all che Indies, 
ethace hund ze Chpittt 
valley of S. Michael to 
the prowince of Mechu- 
pwelles ahifhop, mde 


of 


n. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


of Mexico: the chie le cowne of this pꝛouince is called Merida 
Opanpards. The Indians of this prowince pay all their tri 
cacao, here is no pont in all this proutnce fo a (hip of root 
of Tabaſco, bp which eiuer this city of Merida ſlandeth. 

lude there in mall frigats is a certeine wood called campeche, 


ito Spaine betweene nine and ten Ede areatneste 
bich is lubiect vnto him (excepting 
childgen ofthofe Spanpards, who bute out ot rhe 
othe gouernment of the cities and ee 


nnege of maiz 


| bith Grereals,¢ halle a hannege o 


he papeth for euery one ol them, 


ung duely bꝛought to the gouern 


| themines of gold and liluer, 


ing taken out of the heape, t 
the lan into Spaine, 


g the kings ſeale vpon it, 
pu they will being it fo» Spaine, 


on it; and ſo it is railed in b 
— g hach tog his cuſtome ol euery 


From the pere of 15 70, which was the peeret 


foe mentioned,he hath recetu hat the Popes bulscame into the Indies, as is ae 


ans which are tributaries vnto him, and alla of all 


uery one being aboue twelue veeres of age, foure 


pardous with them into the Indies foꝛ ſuch as be dead, 


2 
4 


ne reals fo? euery bull: an 
kozmer, whic 
ing, by keept 


all his bouſeholde, 
bo hvule) and teare 
here, ſaying thus 


aa 


——— — 2 — — — 
* — — = - a : — ee aa 
2. =a n 


h fruits, W f 

great Core of cattell. A f é 

: Indians dite L lo which caule the king hath co 
bene 5 ahr bine oy oile there, but ſhould alw 


Vera cruz,ann{o , 
the Spouth ine ofthe 0 — 


2 And 


4.62 


he reafons 
1 
shetings of 


Spaine to forbi® 
foyren traffike 


TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, Henry Hanky, 


uo the hing co hezye the countrepaltoayes in fubection, and to bisotone Ute, bat Greig 
pꝛouided bp lame, vpon paine of death, and loſle of goons, that none of theſe countreps Shunt 
traffique with any other nation, although the people themlelues doe much now defire to tine 


a Welt im With any other chen wich them, and would vndoubtedlp doe, if they feared not the perill enſung 


NMaguen. 


thereupon. a 

Abuitt Mexico, and other places in Nous Hiſpania, there groweth a certeine plant called ma. 
gueis, which peeldech wine, vineger, hony, and blacke ſugar =... al the leaues of it Died hep 
make bempe, ropes, (hooes which they vie, and tiles for ir houles : and at the ende ofeuery 
leafe 555 groweth a ſharpe point like an awle, where with they vſe to bore 02 pearce tho 
any thing. 

Thus to make an end, A haue beere fet downe the lumme of all the chieleſt things that Aha 
obferued and noted in my ſeuenteene peres trauell in thoſe parts. 


Arelation of the commodities of Nous Hifpania, and the mane; 

of the inhabitants, written by Henry Hawks merchant, which lived fixe 

eres in the fayd countrey , and drew the fame at the requeſt of M. Richard Hai 
{quire of C tos in the county of Hereford, 1572. 

n a Aint Iohn de Vilua is an Illand not high aboue the water, where as nobiht 

3 ** Ppanparvs vpon P. Iohn Hawkins being there, are in making a trong font 

5 Tn chis place all che hips that come out of Spaine with goods fo thefe pattz, x 

2 junlade : ko; they haue none other port lo good as this is. The comming im 

cis place bath thꝛee chanels, and the bett of all is the Nozthermoſt, which gon 

— 


as big ag a (mall barrell : thep wil make men wand in doubt of them, but there isnofeare often, 
Chere is another Illand there by, ealled Che Iſlind ofſactifices, where as the Spanyarns iin 


times paſt vnlade their goods: and for that, they ſax, there are vpon it ſpirits oʒ deuils it is not tt 
quented as it hach bene. In theſe places the Noth wind hath fo great dominion, that oftentimes 
it deſtroyeth many thips and barks, This place is giuen to great ſickneſſe, Theſe Illande lan 
in 18 degrees and a halfe, and about the fame is great pleatp of lich. 


Fiue leagues from S. Iohn de Vilua is a faire riuer; it tech Noꝛthweſt from the port mnogo: 
eth toa little towne of the Spanyards callev Vera Cruz, and with (mall vellels 02 barks, which 
they call frigats, thep carp all their merchandize which commeth out of Spaine,to the ſaid tune: 
and in like maner baing all the gold, finer, cochinilla, hides, and ollother things that the chin 
Carp into Spaine vnto them. And the goods being in Vera Cruz, they tarpthem to Mexico,andto 
Pueblo de los Angeles, Sacatecas, and Saint Martin, and diue rs other places ſo farre withintte 
Countrep , that {ome ol them are 7oo miles off, and ſome moze, and ſome leſle, all vpon hopes, 
mules, and in waines daewen wich oren, and in carres dꝛawen with mules, a 

An this towne of Vera Cruz within theſe twenty peres, when women were brought to bed che 
childꝛen new boꝛne incontinently died; which is not fo now in chefe vapes, God be thanked, 

Chis towue is inclined to many linde of dileaſes, by reaſon ofthe great heat, and atirteix 
gat op flie which they call a muſquito, which biteth och men and women in their fleepe; aud i 
ſoone as they are bitten, incontinemly the fleſh ſwelleth as though they had bene bitten wih 
venimous wozme. And this muſquito oz nat doth moſt follow ſuch as are newly comeintothe 
countrep, Many there are that die of this annopance, 

This totone is ſitunted vpon the riuer afoꝛeſayd, and compaſſed with woods of viners maners 
and lots, and many fruits, as oꝛenges and limong, guiaues, and diuers others, and birds in them, 
popiniapes both ſmall and great, and ſome of them as big as a rauen, and their tailes as lug 
the taile of a leʒant. Chere are alſo many other kinde of birds of purple colour, and ſmall num 
keys, marueflous proper, : 

This bote oꝛ ficke countrey coutinueth fine and forty miles towards the citp ol Mexico; a 
the fine and forty miles being palled, then chert is atemperate countrey, and full of tillage : hi 
they water all their come with riuers which they turne in vyon it. And they gather their Ahen 


den tilt aper. Andif they thoulo noc wier the ground where as their copne io loen, the ton 


is fo bore it would burne all. f 
Before you come to Mexico, there is a great towne called Tlaxcalla, which hath in it abow 


16000 houſeholds. All the inhabitants thereof are free by the kings ol Spaine : fo; thele wen 
the octalion that Mexico was wage info ſhozt time, and withlo little Lotte of men. gi 


by the maine land: and on every fie ofthe chanels there are many ſmal rocks Fae 


vnder th 
riert an 


their bof 

This 
This city 
and fith, b 
this city et 
Spanpart 
ching chi 
Fates is! 
Churlday 


viceroy, d 


the city bath 
celuen ¢ For 
gardengand 
recveation. 


| bonett of the 


Chete ar 
dhemamonth 


| eattell, e ie 


anp man oa be 
Serpent, ſauin 

Chere is d 
pulco, where 


they baue new 


Chere is an 
and by Ronehy 
tho hipsto go 
aud Groenland 
Thepfay, that 
ſoulut to be mar. 

Coward the 
QUANCItie OF falt. 
& che moſt men 
Theſe mines ar 
nd monght. 
Outot fore a 
bith hep paint tt 


Tenry Hani, 


— 
une le, hach eeighi, 
theſe tountreys hub 
uch now Delite to trap, 
D not the perill enfuing 


rteine plant called m. 
e leaues of it dzuidt 
and at the ende ofen 
‘Hope oz pearce ton 


Lek things that hure 


and the mane; 


t, which lived fie 
of M. Richard Hetlyy 


er, where as Howth 
n making a rong fo, 
pods fo theſe parts, w 
8. The comming im 


e ete manp ſmall ex 


ere isno fear often, 
3 the Spanpambbn 
8 op deuils, it is not fre 
ninion, that oftentimes 
be Theſe Ilan tam 


from the POHt, tnd go: 
seflels 02 barks, which 
aine, to the fi aid colone, 
things chat the thippes 
bem to Mexico mp 10 
Aces ſo farre wiehin te 


F cattell, Deis woont to leepe bponthedpie land ma 


153 
be king. ° 


toe they are all gentlemen, and Lap no tribute to t An this towne is all the cochinilla 
e is agrent citp; it hath inoze then ffftythouland bouleholds, whereof chere are not paſt Mesiea, 
liue oz fire thauland houles of Spanpards : allche other are the people of the countre, which line 
vnder the Spanpards laweg, There are in this city ſlately buildings, and many mo i 
demandnunnes which the Spanpards haue made. And the building of the Indians is ſome⸗ 
what beautifull outwardiy, and within full of (matt chambers, Withverp finall windowes, whi 
is not fo comly as the building ok the Spanparos, This city ſtandeth in the ming ok a great lake, 
and the water gveth thozow all op the molt part okt 
they call canoas, and in them they bring alichings necelary, as wo 
their holes, cones and lime ta bulld, and cane. a N 
This citp is lubiect to many vatthquakes, which oftentimes cat bowne houles, and kill people. 
Chis city is very well pꝛouided of water to dzinke, and with all maner of victuals, as fruits, flety 
and fh, bꝛead, hennes and capons, Guiny cocks and 


There are in 


Chere are in ehete Faires 02 Markets all maner of 
things that map be inuented, to fell, and in eff eriall, things of the eounerey. The one of thele 
ypolitos faite, and S. lames his faire is vpon the 
Churfoay,and vpon Daturday is S. lohns kalre. In this city is alwapes the kings gouernour oꝛ 
arllaments. And although there be other places 


Ing and it mut be for acerteine umme: and ik 
bt be bnder that ſumme, then there is ho appellation from th 
which the city ſtandeth in: 


* but they whichſhould haue ir were hanged: and curr Since E 
the city bath bene well watched both day and night, for feare leaſt i 
telued + fop tbe Indian 


voin this countrey. 

exico many riuers and anding waters, which haue in ¢ lun, 
maruellous Faltening, and a great deuourer of men and 

˖ np times, and if there come in the meane time 

amen beat and wake oz dilquiet him, he ſyeedeth well ik he get from him. he is lite vnto a 
feepent, fauing that he doth not flie, neither bath he wings. 


te ell out of Mexico A poꝛt towne which is on the South ſea, called puerto de Aca- Naluigation 
elle, alt oponbnl, pulco, where as there are thippes which thepbaue opdinaritp fon che nautgation ok China, which Pace deen 
pere brousshetoben he Hep beue newly found. bis pope is ehpeetcoze legues from Mexico, 
$, God be thanked, Chere 1 another port t 
ee asthep ap, is berweene the Newfoundland Se Ran; 
rene bitten hen mdGroenland; and they callit the Englichmens reight: which as pet was neuer fully found, "De 
newly come intothe Chep fap, that Breight lieth not karre from the maine land ol China, which the Spanpards ac⸗ 
* fouutto be maruellous rich, i 
oods of diuers maners Cotuard the Noßth from Mexico chere are great Hore of liluer mines, There is greater 
ers, and birds inchm, i dumtitieok ltluer found in theſe mines toward the Noꝛth, then there is in anp other parts: and Ae 
their tailes as lug 1 the malt men ol experience fapne alwapes, they linde the richer mines the moꝛe Noztherly. ihe rieper ae 
dour, and tinallmm He Celemincs are COMMONIY bpon great bules aud tony ground, maruellous hard to be laboured wer wines, 
and wrought, 

ecity of Mexico; , Dutof ſome ok the Mines the Indians finde acerteine Kinde of earth of piuers colours, where: ee 

and full of tillage : but theppaine themfetuesin times oftheir dances and other pattimes which they ble. : 

gather theit Qciheat this conntrep of Nous Hiſpania there are allo mines of golde, although the golne be com. Golde mings, 

. ſowen the countt) found in riuers, M very neere vnto riuers. And nowe in thele daxes there iß nat ſo much 
N daa chere batt bene heretoloze 

which hath in it abou great Hore of ich in them, not like vnto our kindes ol ſiſh. 

aine : fop thelt bm N Sno cere 1 Ds and as faite trees as map be feene, of biwers forte, and 
olle of men, a MBCA Gere tree, lial’ vpofrthe (ca, okesany pineapples, and 

J 7 2 


another 


Henry Hawke, Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


464 he Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, Henry Hanks, 


Mefquique. another tree which they tall Mefquiquez : it beareth afruitlike vnto a peaſcod, maruellaus 
(weet, which the wilde people gather, and keepe it all the pere, and eat it in ſtead of bzead. 

Stuen es The Spanparns baus uotite of feuen cities which old men of the Indiens ſhe w them shon 

bywicdcra lie towards the Moptbwsett front Mexico. They halte vier and le vaply much diligence iu eck 

tpeteckers. ing or thom, but they cannot Ginn any ont al them. They lay that the witchcralt of the Indieng 

ſuch, that when they come by thele towues they caſt a mit vpon them, lo tha they canupt fer then, 

PedcoMonins — Shep baue banieribanding of nacher city tabich thep call Copa aup tener: ung 

NicolasButhe- being in the dountrey, they bane wleD much labour and Diligeuce in the derung oF i: they bau 

ike ofCopall. fgund the labe on which it ould ſtand, aud u canon, the head whereol was wiought With copper 

Clurlauſiy, und could nat finde noz lee any man nop the to wue, which io their vnderſnandung Goup 

fand on the lame water. oz verp nere the lame. 

Che range Chere is a grtat number of beats oz kine inthe cauntrey of Cibola, wbich were neuer 

orinof Cb, Heownbe shither bythe Spanpards , but beeed naturally in the counttey. They are lhe vn our 
oren,faning that they haue long haire like a lion, and fhoat hoꝛnes, ann thep haue bpon their gout: 
pers a bimch lit a camel, which is bigber then the rell of their body. They are marugiious wily 
and d mitt in running. They call them the beaſts a kine ef Cibola, 

Cabo aban This Cibola is a city which the Spanyards foun nom of lace, without avp people in he 

Wade fame, goonly buildings, faite chinmeys, winnowes made of Cone ¢ bünber excellently wyougty, 
faire wellen with tobecies to dꝛ am their water, and a place where they bad buried their dead ro: 
ple, with many faire tones vpon the graues. And che capcatne would not Cuffer his foulbicrsty 
beakevp anp part oft hele graues, ſaping. he mould come another time to do it. 

They aked certeine people wich they met, whither the people of this city were gone: m 
$4 great riter they mabe anſwert, they were gone donne a riuer, which was there by, ver great, and there ay 
wereCibola, hullded a city which was more fo their cauunodity. 

This captaine lacking things neceilarp for himfelfe and his men, was foine to returne burke 
againe , without finding aup treaſure according to his expectation: neither foundthepbutfive ie 
people, although they found beaten wapes, which bon beene muchhaunted and frequenten, Tie , 
captain at his comming backe againe , had a grtat checke of the gouernour, be caule he haut 
gone forwards, anv ſeene the end of that riuer. 

Water con⸗ They baue in the countrey, karre rom the lea five, Ranping waters, which are ſalt :anp inthe 
gralad to lat. moneths of Apzil and May the water of them congenleih into lalt, which fale is all tabcutoythe 
E ee ofthe b | 
Dogs of luda dogs are all crooked backt, as manp as are count rey bꝛeed, and cannot run fal: 

deſenbed · ¶ their kates are like the face of a pig o an bog, with arpe noles. 

Cacsoafent In certeine pꝛouinces which are called Guatimala, ¢ Soconufcoghere is growing gtest ftoye 

currant as pfcacao, which is abertptike vnto an almond zit is the bert merchanpize thet is in allthe Indes, 
The Indians make opinke of it, anv in like maner meat to eat. It goerh currantip formoncpin 
any market oꝛ faire, and map bup any Heth fich, bead op cheeſe, oxother things. 

fruits, There are many kinde of fruits of the tountrey, which are very gach, as plancans, ſipoies, 
guiaves,pinas,aluacatas,tunas,mamios,limons,openges, walnuts very ſmall and bard, wich lit: 
die meat in them, gropes which she Sopanparys bought into the countrey, and alſo wilde grapt, 
which are of the countrey, and are very (mall, quinles, peaches, fige and but it w apples, and ber 
mall and no peares: but there are melons and . gourds, 

There is much pony both ol bees and alſo of a kind of tree which thep call magueiz.. Ti he 
ny ol magueiz is not fo lweet as the other honp is, but it is better to be eaten only wich bzend chen 
the other is; and the tree ſerueth for many ihings. as the ſeaues make thꝛerd to ſowe any kindeol 
bags, and are good to couer and thatch houles, end fo Diners other thing. 

Tbey haue in diuers places of the tountrey many hote ſpungs of water: as aboue all other, 4 
haue feene one in the prouinccof Mechuacan. In apleine field without any mountaine, there 
ſpꝛing which hath much water, it is lo hot, that ia whole quarter ok beefe be cattintoit,within N 
on halle houre it will be as well fopden as it will be ouer a fire in halte a day. J haue feene halle 
a ſheepe caſt in, and inumediatly it hath bene ſodden, and A haue eaten part okit. 

There are many hort, and ſome conies. There are no partrivges, ut abundance of quailes, 

They haue great Hore of Kh in the Hourhfea, and manpottters, and very great, The 
vo open the oidders, and take out the meat of them, and Dap it as they do anx other kinde al fh 
keepe them all the peere: and when the tunes lerue, they tend them abꝛaod iuto the ccunttepn 
fell, as all other Ath, They haue no lalmon, ub trowt, nop pele, uz carpe, tench, noperkeiadl 
the countrey. ia Then 


n Hamit. Henm Hawks. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 465 
— — —. SS = 
ealcod, Maructlous re are inthe countrep mighty high mountaines , and hilles, and ſnom vpon them: they Burning 
ead of bean, pte burne: and rmule cuerp day they catout much {make and aſhes at e open ik wee 
us fhe do them fhonip ces uli ch are in the tops of them 15 
uch diligence in lech There is among the wilde people much manna. Abaue garherev ofthe lame, and haue eaten Manna 
raft of the Indians ig it, andit is good: fo2 the Apothecaries ſend their ſetuants at certeine times to gather ok the fame 
they taunot er them fo) purgations, and other vſes. a a 
in like mauer, at There are in the mountaines manp wilde hogs, which all men may kill, and lions and tygres; monde 5 
thing of it: they baue tnhuch ¢paves do much barme to men that trauellin the wilberneffe, 1 5 
wiaught with copper An this counerey, not long ſinre, there were two booze men that found a maruellous rich mine; 
understanding could and when theſe men went to make a regin okthe fame (accoꝛding to the law and tuſtome) be 
foze the kings officers, they thought i: ie not meet fo2 fuch men as they were: i 
„ Wbich were neuer Iptovke the fapo mine fo 
hep ave like vnd our 
baue pon theit heul. 
axe dus wild 
f ened to finde a well of 
but auy people in the ai and maner is; t 
excellently wagt, that found the rich mine, t 
buried their dend pro: thegulcke leluer, op part thereof, le 
luffer his ſouldietz i cated vnto the king, who hathgi ng found in the fieldz, ag 
do it. mines, and ſuch like, call be taken away from any man, And Many other things haue bene done 
city were gone : im in this ceuntrey, which men mig 
P great, and there pap 
keine to return bathe 
r found they but fiwe 
and krequented, The He 
r, becaule he bad not 
ich ave ſalt sanp inthe 
alt is all takeuforthe 
and cannot tun fa: a3 
They ate of much fimplicisy, and Steaccowards , volde of all vatour, any are great witches, Tbe veopte or 
growing great ye Chep ble diuers times to talke with che diuell, to whom they do certeine . — 5 — 
pat is . I map times thep haue bene taken with the fame, and Ahaue ſetne them molt cruelly puntihen fo; ads. 
curran sire ba 
nae, Che people are given to learne all maner of occupations and ſcienceg » Which fog the mot part 
ap plancans, 88 they learned ſincethe comming of the Spanpards: J fap all maner of art 5 hep —— arti⸗ 
pall and hard, wich it inmaking of Unages with feathers, oꝛthe P20poption o2 figure of anp man, in all kindof ma⸗ 
and alfo wilde grapes, ner he is. Che fine elle and ercellency of thists woonderkull, that a barbarous people as they 
t fc tv apples, and ie are, houlo ine chemlelues ty fo fine an arte as thisis. Cheparegoiotnichs, blackefiniths and 
i anche ae ee nne ler neee edler 
Umagueiz. Thisboe of (ttences¢ aud they will do woꝛke fo good cheape, that pooze poang men that goe out or Spaine 
nonlp re ogertheir lung, are not let on woke: which is the oceation there are many idle people inthe 
td to ſowe any binde tountrey. Foz che Indian ng line all thetweeke with leſſethen one groat; which the Dpanp⸗ 
cannot do, noz any man els, i i 
a8 aboue nn Chepfay, that they came of the linage ok an olde man which came thither ina boat of wood, toe Indians 
5 nenten ee Which they tall a canoa, Gut they cannot tell whether it were befoze the flood oꝛ after, neither wpencee 
fe be taſt into wen t Mey glue any reaton of the flood, noz frõ whence they came. And when the Spanpards came canie, 
ay, J baue fene hal fet among them they did cerseine facrificeto an image made in fone, of their owne inuention, 
fit, 4 was let vpon ener he whk ther mane of bzicks ofeach + they call it their Cowa, 
abundance of quailes, Md certeine dapes in the pere they did facrifice,cetteine olde men, and Yoong children; andonelp 
ei grtat. T amin the Dunne andthe Moone, faving that from them they han alt ching chat were Neen: The Sun end 
y other ces og a fal ftom, They haue inthel Paves great tore of cotton wooll with mhich they make n maner rb hong. 
od into she count 11 of. loch which the Indians weare. both men and amen. andit ſeruethfoz hires efmocks, Btont otepttd. 
e, teneh, noꝛ pin and all other kind of garments, which they weare vpon their bodies und the Spanpards Ufe it to 
Tin Cech purpotes,etpeciallp uch as cannot bup oth 


+ And ikit were not fo9 this kind of cloth, all 
2275 


maner 


— 


46 The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, Henry Hanks, Hen 


— 70 


maner of cloch that goeth out of Spaine, J lap linnen cloth, would be ſolde out of all mealure. TC bes 
so ne The wilde people go naken, without any thing vpon them. The women weare the fhinneots TE cheape; 
Snotanw, peere beloze their priuities , and nothing cls vpou all their bodies. They haue no careforny Pan 
thing, but onelp krom day to day for that which they haue nted to tat. Thep are big men, and ike. und in . 
wiſe the women. They ſhoot in bowes which they make of a cherry tree, and theivartowesa, 1 wo? 
of cane, with atharpe flint ſtone in the end of the lame; they will picrce any coat ok maile: as HR it fos tell 
they kill deere, and cranes, and wilde greſe, bucks and other kowle, and wozmes, and ſnahes en They 
diuers other vermin, Which they eat. They liue vety long: for J haue ſeene men that haue been allcolour 
an hunden peres of age. They haue but very litle haire in their face, noʒ ontheir bodies. burt the bi 
riers in ri The Indiana haue the friers in great reuerence: theoccafion is, that by them and by eter Thep 
ieren. mranes they are free and out of bondage; whirh was ſo ozdelned by Charles the emperoꝛ: why baue a8 
is the occation that now there is not lo much gold and ſiluer comming into Europe as there us their mul 


while the Indians were ſlaues. Foz when thep were in bondage they could not chuſe butte He Chere 
their take euery day, and boing their matters fo much metall out of their mines: but nowiſtꝰ Fe 
mutt be well payed, and much intreated to haue them woꝛke. Oo it hath bene, and isagreathn i 
verante tothe owners ok the mines, and to the kings quinto oꝛ cullome. would be 
copper mines There are many mines of copper in great quantity, thereof thep ſpend in the countrys the comme 
much as ſerueth their turnes. Ehere is ſome golde in it, but not fo much as will pap the cola at but chefas 


che ming. Che quantity o it is uch, and tbe mines are fo farce kromthe fea, that it will wilt | without it 
worehtbe fraight to tary it into Spaine. On the other five, the kings officers will give no licen > onclpofth 
to make opdinance chercof; whereupon the mines lie vnlaboured, and ok no valuation. Che dn 

There is much lead in the countrey; lo that with it yep couer churches, and other reigus of pa 
houles : wherefore they thall not need any of dur lead, as they haue had need thercok intimtspu. . Hifpania,c 


be pompe of The pompe and liberalitie of the owners of the mines is marucllous to beholde: the ape . free, becou 

postin both of them ann of the wiues is moze to be compared to the apparel of noble perſons tienn⸗ Hie Andalthou 
therwile. Ik their wines goe out oe their houſes, as vnto the church, og anp other place, they gte to blurpe v 
out with great matey, and with as many men and maids as though the were the wife ollen: e fopthe Kin 
ble man. J will aſſure pou, J haue feene a miners wife gor to the church with an hunden, tribute, as t 
and twenty gentle women and mains, They keepe open doule: who will, may come tocar . Thueibip 
meat. They call men with a bell to come to dinner and ſupper. They are princes in keeingof charge the! 
their houles, and Lountifull in all maner of things. vf 

Ching nett · A good owner of mines mud haue at the le alt an hundper flaues to tarp andtofamptisme: Be they we bi 

Grpromines tats; de multbaue many mules, and men tokecpe the mines; be malt haue miles tolnmpebo 

golde. metals; he mutt haue many weines end oxen to bring home wood to fine the oare; hemutttaue 
much quicke-filuer, and a maruellous quantity of lalt- bine foꝛ the metals; and he mut beam: to ſtek Salo 
ny other charges. And as for this charge of quicke-filuer, it id a new invention, wobichtheplude TE Aland with 
moze npofitable then to fine their dare with lead. Pow beit tbe lame is verp collly: forehereis them, And bi 
neuer a hundred of quick-filuer but coſteth at the leaſt tchꝛeeſcoze pounds ſtetling. Andie mines e mton land t 


fall dayly in decay, and ol leſle value: and the occaſion is, the few Invians that men haue to la ⸗ naHilpania 
bout their mines. a Whereas the 
There is in New Spaine a maruellous increale of cattel,which dayly do intreaſe, and they at They hau 


The plentp of 
al. 5 oka greater growth then ours are. Pou may haue a great Kecre that hath an hundzed tweightof Wwhichare cer 
tallom in bis bellp fos ſixteene ſhillings and lome one man hath 20c oo head of cattel of bisetne, thence gold, e 
They Cell the hives vnto the merchants, who lade into Spaine as many as may be wwell arto, that map bat 
They ſpend many in the countrey in ſhodes and boo. 8, and in the mines: and as the counter u honghe a pe 
great, fois theincreate of the cattell woonderkull. In the Alland ol Santo Domingo they win gen 3000. 
monly kill thebeats fop their hides and tallow ; andthe fowles eat the carktiles: and ſo they do n thefe lands, 
Cuba and Porto Nico, tibereas there is much lugar. and cana fittula, which daply they fend mio much, and cot 
Speepe⸗ Spaine. Chep haue great increaſe of heepe in like maner, and dayly do intend coinereafethem, they cannot c. 
Wool, They haue much wooll,and as good as the wooll of Spaine. They make cloth as muchas {erueth tichlpapparel 
Cloth. the countrep, for the common people, and lend much cloth into Peru, Thaueleene clobmanein ner ok the Tu 
the city ol Mexico, which bath heene lolde fox tenne pez os a vare , which is almolſt foure pounds tertaine tvafig 
Toad. Englith, and the vare is lelſe then dur yard. Chey haue woad growing in the counttep, ade lich one ſaile 
all. lum, and bzaſill, and diuers other things to die withall, lo that they make all colours, In pen e benehoughes 
they make no cloth: but heereafter our cloth will be little et by in thefe parts, vnlelle ie be fore ok gos and Gy 
line cloth. The wools ate commonly foure ſhillings euerp roue, which is fine ¢ twenty pounds: i ole opto, 
and in ſome places of che countrey that are fare from the places where at they make cloth, üs the Malucos 3 
woo3th nothing, and doth Cerue but onely to make beds fop men to lle on. ate they would ina 


lenry Elawhs, 
ut ofall mealure. 
weare the ſkinne of, 
baue no care fo. any 
are big men, and like. 
and their arroweg an 
anp coat of maile: any 
mes, and ſnabes rnp 
e men that haue been 
their bodies. 

t by them and by tler 
es the emperoz: whic 
Europe as there ba 
ld not chuſe but doe 
mines: but no wißt 
Ene, and is a great hin: 


end in the county n 
as will pay the colsof 
lea, that it will wilt 
rs will gitie no licens 
jo valuation. 

8, and other religious 
dthertok intimes hel, 
beholde: the apparel 
noble perfons tens: 
ny other place cheysoe 
ere the wife offomeng: 
with an hundzed mm, 
» map tome to ta their 
e princes in keeping of 


and to ſlampe his me · 
5 milles to ſunpe bis 


the dare; hemuthaue 
and he mul be at me: 
ntion, bobich they finde 
erp callly: fu thrreis 
etling. And the mines 
ns that men haue to la 


yo increale, andtheh at 

b an bundzed weiche 

ad of cattel of bisotine, 

as may be wellfparry, 

and as the countre is 
to Domingo they ton 
keiles: and ſo they win 
ich dayly they fend ino 
intend to increaſe hem. 
Lol as muchas ferueth 
yaueCeene clo.hmavern 
is almoſt fourepourds 
in the countrey, anda 
rr all colours, InPew 
atts , vnleſle ie bt fone 2 
Bfine @ rinenitp pounds: 
they make cloth, it 


Ther 


as doe ſerue the Countrep, very fine and 
ght out of Spaine, aud in li 


and mares, and mules, 


goods from place to pl 


p peere. This i 
res, ſauing the Citie of 
talion that Cortes took 
paiment of tribute, 
reat field of Maiz, at theit ow 
nd as great cof vnto them, as t 


pet the S 


out ok Spaine with goons for Peru, 


goe to Nom 
and kromthence chep be 


caried ouer thenecke of a land, vnto a port towne 
hich is 17. leagues diſtant from Nom 
from thence goe to Peru. T 
n 20. dapes. They haue ſeld 
F oure peeres paſt, to wit 1568 
and they came ſomewhat to tl 
eople, in ſuch number that th 
bene long vpon the vopage 
ommoditie was vpon it. 
02¢ called Puerto de 
whereas they were euil entreated, 

They haue in this pozt of Naui 
whichare certaine Illands which 
thence gold, and much Cinamom, and dithes of ear 
piece of them, will giue the wei 
ta pearle as big as a doues egge from th 
Many chings they ding from 
Spantards haue not manpok th 
with them eue ry dap, ſaping, 


nchip appaveticn in cloth of gold 
net of the Turkes. This report 
cetaine trafique with Come of th 
4nd bring of ſuch marchandtze a 
into New Spaine both cloth of, g 
luer, marueilous to be feene, 
The maine land is from the 


they would hing their win 


and filke of all forts, 
nake ſuth as come from thence, 
and come thither in ak 
8 they haue need of, 
old and llluer, and di 


Henn Hawks. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


Chep make hats, as manp 
cheape, then they can be brow 
Many people are ſet on worke both in the one and in 
mo in teed of ople, they haue hogs greate: they twilt 
woyzzeloline a therd. Chey make no kerfies, but the 
t. lo leſle then 12. pence the vare. It is called Sayall 
Cbey baue much lilke, and make all maner of fo 
| allcolours, and they are as good as the filkesof S 
bum che blackes are better then the blackesthat 
| Shep baue many honles, and mares, 
baue as good Jennets, as any are in Spaine, and bett 
ſeir mules they cary all theit 
CEhͤhere is raine vlually int 8 
ur dap, which time the call their winter, 
| waters which fall in thele hot lealons, 
9 This Matz is the greateſt mainten 
the tummon people of the Spaniards, d 
but the ſame. This graine is ſubſtantiall 
| withoutit, they coulde not labour theit 
| oncly ofthis Maiz, and it is made ta cakes, as the 
Che Indians pay tribute, being of the age 
ol aß, which is worth 4,thillings moꝛe vnto 
ipaoia, of as many as be of the age of 20. yer 
tee, betauſe the citizens thereof were the ot 
And although at the ürſt they were treed from 
to blurpe vpon them, and make them to till a g 
luthe ing. wbich is as beneficial unto hint, a 
tribute, as the others doe. 


| the laid goods: 
pe South fen, called Panama, w 
| thep doe (hip heir goods againe, aud 
monethe and they come backe againe i 
thips aus loſt in the Souchſe a. 
toſtek Salomons Illauds, 
Hand with many blacke p 
them. And betauſe they had 
vot on land, to know what ¢ 


good, and ſell them better 


ke maner ſend them into Peru. 
the other: they ſpin their woll 
not their thꝛeed fo much as wee 
v make much cloth, 


res theteok, as Caffatae 
paine, ſauing that the col 
come out of Spaine. 

which the Spaniards bꝛought thither. 
er cheape then they bee in Spaine. 


from the moneth of Map, 
by reafon of the ſaid waters 
is the great 
ance which the Indian hath, and alſo all 
and mules w 
andincreaſeth much 


as we doe, 


to the midſt of October e⸗ 
. And it it were not forthe 
elt part of their futtenance, 


bich labour, cannot be wih: 


blood, Jf che Winers ſhould bre 1s. 
uant: 
p make baten cakes, 
4. ſhillinge of monep, and an hanege 
B papd in all Noua paite 


8 eate none other bꝛead, but 
in ſome plates of England, 


Tlafcalla, which was made 
e Mexico in ſo little a time. 
pantards now begin 
ne toſtes euery prere 
hough they paid their 


bre de dios, and there diſ⸗ 
bre de dios. And there 


bey are in going thither three 
ome foule weather, end fe we 


there was a ſhip made gut of Peru, 
e South ol the E quin 
e Spaniards durſt not go on land among 
their people were very 
And for want of victuals, t 
and thence returned backe agate vnto Peru, 
not hnowen moze of the fame Jlland. 
which goe en the Bands of China, 
Z. Peres. Chey haue bꝛought from 
of the fame, lo dine, that euery man 


hey artiued in No- 


There was a Mariner that 


ca ftone,fop which the Viceroy would haue ö 
moſt excellent. There are many of e 

e fo the Portugals bitturbe them * Tbis(sobe | 

tr conquett,and to the maine land the 

em, and thep are great Mariners, the dilcourte 

. after the mas 


men of the maine land haue 


ind of chips. which they haue China thins 
Andor thele things 570 baue “bone tae, 
f uers maners of filks awn mazks 
Do by their faping, there is not fuch a countrep in the 
ands 190. leagues: and the plands are not farre from 
eople of thoſe planns 


which the Spaniards haue, ap, (hat if 
es and childꝛen, that th 


en they ſpould haue among them what chey 


would 


Jad wee voe, neither wogs greaſe 
which is courſe, and lell in led ot one, 


8, Soatting, Cclucts of e Us ot dun⸗ 
ours are not fo perfect: Dw ous, 


They ones. 
And with Jamie 


octial found an Salomone J. 


weake, and ſo went tbe 


468 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Henry Han. 


would haue. Oo there goe women daylp, and the king payeth all the charges ol the marten men 
and their wiueg, that go to thole plands, And there is no Doubt, but the trade will be marueitons 
rich intime to come. It was my fortune to be in company with one Diego Gutieres, who wag 
the Girt Pilot that euer went to that Councrep of the Philippinas. er makeih report of Miay 
Krange chings in that Countrey,afwell riches,as other, and faith, ir there bee any Paradiſe Hyon 
earth, it is in that countrey: and addeth, that litting onder a tree, pou Hall haue ſuch {weer ſmelg, 
with (uch great content and plealure, that pou hall remember nothing neither wife, non chtlryn, 
nop haue any kinde of appetite to eate oy dꝛinbe the odontlerous ſmels wil be fo lwerte. T his mn 
Hath good liuings in Noua Hiſpania, notwithſtanding hee will returne thither, with his wife any 
chilozen,and as oz treaſure there is abundance, as he maketh mention. Ju this tountrey of Nou, 
Hiſpania there are many buckes and does, but they haue not fo long homes as they haue herrn 
England. Che Spaniards kill them with hand- guns, and with graphounds, and the Indians kl 
Tdamouce. them wich their bowes and arrowes, ann with the Chins they make chamoyce, ſuch as we in Ene. 
Spanih teas land make doublets and hole of, as good as the Chins that are dzeſſed in Flanders, ¢ lihe wilt 
Juden kauens male matueilous good Opaniſh leather of them. There is a bird which is like vnto a Rauen ty 
nockiten,to he haih ſomne of his feathers white: there is (uch abundance of them, chat they ente all the tompt 
nun. and dend fleth which is in che countrey. Otberwile the abundance of carcen is fo much, tit 
would make a marueilous coꝛrupt aire in all the Countrep, and be fo noiſome, ihat no man coup 
abide it. Thereloꝛe it is tommanded, there ſhall none ol them be killed. Chele birds are altoayes 
about Cities, and townes, where there is much fleſh killed. 
at a dene The Indians are much favoured by she Aultices ol the Countrep, end they call them their / 
anne phanes. And it anp Spaniard ſhoulb happen to doe anp of them harme oz to wrong him in taking 
3 zup thing from him, as many times they doe oy to Strike anpof them, being in anp towne, where 
tultice is, they are aſwell punithen fo the lame, as if they ban done it one Spantard to another, 
Tuben a Spaniard is karre from Mexico, or any place of iultice, thinking to doe with the pons 
Indian what he liſt, conlidering he is ſo larte from anp place of reme dy, he maketh the Indimda 
what be commaundeth him, and ik he will not doe it, hee beateth and milufeth hum, accopoing tog 
olune appetite. Che Indian holdeth bis peace, vntill hee finde an oppoztunitie, and rhencaketha 
neighbour with him, and goeth to Mexico, although it be 20. leagues off, and makech his aum 
plaine, Chis his complaint is immediatly heard,¢ although it be a knigbt, o; a right gvodgaule· 
177 man, he is forthwith ſent ko; and puniched both by h s goods, and allo his perſon is impꝛiſard at 
Anale Acaute the pleaſure of the Jultice. This is the occafion that he Indians are ſo tame and ciuſl wie 
re, de: and ifehep ſbould not haue this fanour, the Spaniards would (hore dilpatch all rhe Inviens, 
oz the Andians would kill them. But they may cal them dogs, and vle other eudl words, ap much 
as hep will, and the Indian mut needes put it vp, and coe bis way. a 
The poore Indians wil go eucrp dap two oz three leagues to a Faire op market, wich achilne 
vpon thetr necks, with as much kruit oz rotes, oz ſome kinde of ware, as cotton wooll. o; cadis of 
all colours, as (hall be not paſt woꝛth a pennies and they wil malnte ine themlelues vpon che lane, 
Foz they liue with a maructlous ſmall matter. 
Loy axe in ſuch pouertie, that ik pou neene to ride into the Count rey, vou (hall haut an Andi 
aur. with pou all ehe day with pour bed vpon his backe, foz one ropall ok plates and this pon | tmenof Nous 
hall haue from one towne to another, Pere pouare to vnderſtand, that ail men that trauelle y outthe Fen 
the wap, are alwapes wont to carry their beds with them. Chey are great cheeues,and wil tele A diſco 
14 all that they map, and pou ſhall haue no recompence at their hands. 
T- apparei The garments ol the women, are a this maner. The vppermoſt part is made almoſt like tu a comp 
| oftpe t womans {mocke,Cauing that it is as byoad aboue as beneath, and hath no ſleeues, but holes on teh Hawki 
asst Give one to put out their armen. It is made of litmen cloth made of cotton wocll, and filled fret ernie 
Alowers, of ted cadis and blem, and ocher colours, This garment conuneth downe to the kes, to him 
and chen they baue another cloth made after the Came maner, and that goeth rounde about tit was del 
waſte, and reacheth to their ſhodes, and ouer this a white fine ſheet vpon their heads which gorth 5 
downe balfe the legge. Cheir haire is made vp round with an haire late about chtir bead. Audthe 
men baue a Cmall paire of breeches of the Came cotton wool, ann their thirts which hang ouer theit 
bꝛeecher, and a broad girdle about their mivdles, and a ſbeete with flowers vpon their backen d 
with a knot vpon one ſhoulder, e an hat vpon their heads, and a paire of ſhooes. And this is all thett 
although it be a Caſique, which they bfe in all the Countrey. 


d ben et The wals of the houles ok the Indians, are but plaine, but the ones are lad lo cloſe, that hon 
theAndians. ſhall not weil perreiue the ioynts betweene one lone and another, they are ſo finely cut: and by the 
meanes that the tones are fo moꝛkmanlx done, and finely iopned together, there is lome a 


FCC 
lenry Hawks, 


— . 

ges of the marten men 
de will be maruettons 
o Gutieres, tho lag 
aketh report ol may 
te anp Paradiſe vpn 
me ſuch (weet finely, 
ger wike, noz chiloyn, 
ſo lweete. This mn 
her, with his wife an 
his countrep of Noy, 
B as they haue herein 
, and the Indians kit 
e, uch as we in En. 

aders, ¢ like wilt 

ke vnto a Rauen hut 

p cate all the tomit 

en is fo much, thar 

ne, that no man coulp 

ele birds are altoayy 


ep tall 1 55 their yy 
wong him in taki 
any . 
Spaniard to anoihyr, 
to doe with the pny 
naketh the Indin do 
hum, accopbing uh 
itfe, and then caketha 
We 
da right goodgeg 
rſon is impꝛiſauid at 
me and ciulll, w they 
all the Juin, 
tuill words, as nuch 


market with achibe 
ton wooll, oz cadis of 
elues vpon the lane. 


uſhall haue an Indi- 
of plate: and this you 
men that traueile bp 
deeues, and wil fale 


made almoſt like to a 
nes, but holes on che 


pool and filled fle 


downe to the knees, 
th rounde about thcic 
ir heads, which goth 
t cheir head, Aud the 
which bang ouer theit 
won their backes,and 
9, And ihis is all their 


lapd ſo cloſe, that y 


o Finely tut:and bp the 


there tsfome W ö 


Henry Hawks. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 


409 | 
tnd They sve marueiloua (mall and li ni fon, i. C. p male heir doo zes be⸗ Hi 
. ele butane mm alt cg e we aan withinebete | 10 
3 1 cee alwapes fare m. 0 lech Rienhs, ben thep foe ta talkeane | 
2 5 7 vellous and 

images, aun their chaires Kanding there to ſit in. Ki i benged full of 


cleaue, 

i te bpon the ground, and 
. ved, bath she gentlemen and a 
Tenne einde l a: 


They cate their meate b 
er. 
etame people, as the wilde. rene 
4 Riches, 
en thep haue a cantrary (peach, Canin onely about Piucrs (pers 
Mexico : ſa there is a number of eches ro ay Bonely thes. 
it was the lat Ring of th Countrey, was one ofthe ticket princes which Muterumayant 
aus bene dan owe cone, n bac baton, e bao all inne of bead which were chen in the coun: W nchen. 
trey ambalimmance of 


aud ficheg, and all mauer of wozmes, which creepe vpan the cart and 
thes, all fachioned in liluer and gold, which wastbe greater lode 


of was Doane vpon 4. ak his noble 
750 Cap,of goldef and perp richly ogetien wich feathers afdiuers Wach ian 
Wathen alf bis boop euerp day, were it neuer lo cold. Aud unto baue iner 


2000 calours and flawers. 
150 e e the 
1 da t 


dap. 


ctions, 


haue bene duuerthyawucn immediatly by their owne ally cowardlineſle. t 
BDAY cate one another, Thaue ſeene Canaybale | 
ö 


There romaine Come among the wild people, that vnto t 
the beucelg Spaniard that haue bene ag cleane buurnilped, as though it had bene done bp men that 
had no er ecgupatinn. And many timeg people are carien away bpther, 
again, whether they be men oz women. 

Tbephane in the Sea plands of red Cals in great abundance, w 


place about the Sea coalt: and they ſpend very much Cale mich lalting their hies and ach: aux in 

their Mine they oecupie great quantitie, They baue much Alume, and as Good as any that is in Blume. 

althe Leuant, fo that thep neede none of that commonitie, Chey baue alfo of their owe graw⸗ 

ing much Cana fiſtula, ę much Salſa Petilla, which is marueilaus good for many kind of late. Aa bal 
There are in Florida many Jarrefalcons, and manp other kinde af hawkes, whic * Florida, 

minofNoua Hifpania fend fo? euery pere. Che Spaniards haue two kozts there,chiefly to keepe 

outthe Frenchmen from planting there, 


Adifcourfe written by one Miles Philips Englifhman, one of the 
company put on fhoare Northward of Pawuco,in the Weft Indies hy j. lohn 
Hawkins 156 8. conteinin many ſpecial things of that countrey and of the Spanith go- 
uernment, but fpecially of their eruelties vſed to our En glifhmen, and amongfi the reſt 
to himſelfefor the {pace of 15. ori 6. yeres together, vntiſb 


ö y goodand happy meanes he 
was deliuered fro their bloody hands, and returned into his owne Countrey. An. 1 582. 


but they neuer come 


beteas they lade it fromplace to SAands orbit 


America, 


——— TT Redagercent Nass enee 
2. Che bine America, being accompanied with fiue other fale of ſbips, as namely the Mynion, wherein wen 
3. Che willen fo; Captaine M. Iohn Hampton, and Iohn Gartet Maſter. The William and Iohn, where 


The Englifh Voyages, Nauigations, Miles Philips, 


4. Ube lade. was Captaine Thomas Bolton, and lames Raunce Patter, The ludith, in whom was C, FF whereof 
7. Che Angel, taine M,Francis Drake afterwarb knight, and the Angel, whole Mater, as allo the Captaincy fm f7ed tn 
6. Sbeswal Malter of the Swallow Jnow remember not. And fo fapling in company together vpon our — bpro kalt 
; age vntill ihe conthof the fame moneth, an extreeme forme then tookevsneerevnto Cape Ea. men ber 
fter, which dured fo the (pare of foure dayes, and ſo ſeparated our ſptps, that wer had lolt one) fe bought o 
other, and our Geuerall finding the le ſus to bee but in ill cafe, was in minde to gine over the to Seow the 
age, and to returne home. Wowbert the eleventh of the fame moneth che Seas waxing talme n Fe not obten 
the winde comming Faire, hee altered his purpoſe and held on the fozmer entended voyage: Anny itbet en 
comming to the planv ok Gomera being one of the plands of the Canaris, where accopng . latens 
an oder before appointed, we met with all our thips which were Beforedifyerfev,twee thin took, we depen 
in rec water and departed from thenec the fourth of Mouember, and holding on dur course, on ano, tod 
the eightenth vay of the lame moneth wee came to an ancker vpon the coaſt of Africa, aC, # tempett a 
Verde iu twelue fadome water; and here our Generall landed textame of our men to the number fen nd be 
of 160,02 thereabout , ſeeking to take fome Negros. And they going vp intotheCounerep fy Fe pach 
the ſpace of fire miles, were encountred with a great number of the Negros: whowwiththerigs Hee deVilua,p 
Uenoticd arrowes did hurt a great number ok our men, ſo that they were mforced to retire toe ts the port 
ſbips, in whichconfliet they recoucred but a fewe Negros, and o theſe our men which were hare met ae 
with their enucnomedarrowes, there died to the number of fcuen op eight in very ſtrange mane, He tenth 
with their mouths (hut, ſo that wee were fozced to put Rickes and oth.r chines into their moudg eis 
to keepe them open, and ſo afterward palling the time bpon the coat of Guinea, vntill the twelch e re 
of January, wee obteined by that time the number of 150. Negros, And being ready to dym He 3 ‘often 
fromthe Sea coaſt, there was a Negro ſent as an Ambaſladour to our General, from a King of inehem int 
the Negros, which was oppreflen with other Kings his bozdering neighbours, Defiring our Se, He 7 wer a 
nerall ta graunt him ſuctour and ayde againſt chofe his enemies, which our General granccdine ae 1 — 
to, and went himſelfe in perſon a lande, with the number of two hundꝛech ok our men op theres at mb 
bouts, and the ſaid Ring which had requeſted our ayde, did iopne hisforce with curs, fo that itte ph fent! 
vy our General afaulted, and let fire vpon a Towne of the laid King his enemies, in wi ichihere ; hngt 5 
was ar the leaſt the number of eight oz ten thouſand Negros, and they perteiuing thatthey were Soucraign 
not able to make any refittance fought by flight to laue themſelues, in which their flag there * n 
were taken pꝛiloners to the number of eight oz nine hundzech which our Generall oughttohzue torenaite m 
had for his ſhare: howbeit the Negro Ring which requeſted our ayde, fallifping his wopd and py e 0 
miſe, ſecretly in the night conueyed himſelfe away with as many pꝛiſoners as he had in his culos them and 40 
die; but our Genecall notwithſtanding finding himſelke to haue no we verp neere the number tee churth 
500, Negros thought it beſt without longer abode to depart with them, and ſuch marchandiseas N the 16,08 Oe 
bee had from the coaſt of Africa, towards the Meſt Indies, and therefore commanded with allot Che tere 
An kene, gente to take infreth water and fewel, and fo with (yecd coprepare co depart. Powbeitheſgewe doves 
rated and nee Departed from thence, in a ſtoꝛme that wee had, wee loft one of our ſhips, namely the Willam ard fev fo, pe 
wüth the terte. Iohu, ot which (hp and ok her people, we heard no tidings during the time of out bopage, bi futher te 
there fhoulo p 


Chap. 2. 


Wherein is ſhewed the day and time of our departure from the coaſt ofeAfrica,with the day 
and time of our arriuall in the et Indies, alfo of our trade, and trafique there, andalſo of 
the great erueltie that the Spaniards vied towards vs, by the Vice. roy his ditecton and 
appointment, falfifying his faith and promiſe giuen, and ſeeking to haue intrappedys, 


A Cichings being made in a readineſſe, at our Generall his appointment, vpon the thirde bap 
of Feuzuarie 15 6 8. wee departed from the coat of Africa, hauing the weather fomewhat 
tempeſtuous, which made our paſlage the more hard and layling fo foz the {pace of 5 2,vapes,opon 
the 27. of March 1568. we tame in fight of an pland called Dominica, vpon the toaſt of America 
in the Mek Indies, ſituated in 14. degrees ok latitude, and 3 22. of longitude: fremehence cot 
General tooſt d from place to place, euer making trafique with the Spaniarde and Indians as 
hee might, which was ſomewohat hardly obtained, for that ihe Ring ban ftrainhtly tharged allhs 
gouernours in thole perts not to trade with any: pet notwirhſlending, during the monethe olg. 
pꝛil and May, our Generall had reafonable trade andtrafique, and courteous cutertaincncntt 
undzy places, as at Margarita, Cotsęao, and elle where, til we came to Cape de la vel, and Ro N Mexicop new 
de Hacha, (a plate from whence all the pearles doe come: ) the gouernour there would 5 Mocene the king 
f 


Miles Philips, 


ey 
Mynion, wherein wen 
am and ohn, whereiy 
th, in whom was C 

8 alſo the Captaine any 
together OPO dur yop, 
neere vnto Cape Fini, 
hat wee had loſt one y 
de to glue Over the yy 
deas waxing talme ing 
itended vopage: Anny 
es, where accofdingie 
ſperſed, wee then bockt 
ug on our Cottle, yon 
batt of Africa, tC; 
our men to thenumber 
p into the Countrey ftp 
ros: who With therrine 
infoꝛced to retire tothe 
r men which wert hun 
in very ſtrange mauer, 
ings into their mou 
uinea, vntill the welch 
WD being ready to depart 
zenerall, from a Binge 
ours, deſiring our Ge, 
r General granted n 
H of our men op therege 
with curs, fo that theres 
enemies, in wi ichthere 
rteiuing thatthey were 


471 


33 


toward Florida, byon the 12.01 auguſt an ertreeme 
4 rolle, whleh dured fon the {pace of d. dayes in whichour thips were moſt d . 
‘ er that we were in continual ae 1 


which hee tooke with hi : 10 
riots 156 8. wee entered the fave port of S. b bum, and lo the fir b 


which their fiche tere bering dur neteſlities and wants tuals fog out Maul, and outett 4 
Oeneral ourhiohive i eur and amend our thins, And furehermope that at the arriualokthe Suh le 5 6 
ping bis won i toas there paply expected and looked fo2, to the ende tha 
rs as he had in his cults 


tthere might no quarel : 
them, andour @encvall and his company koz the breach 4 quaretl arite beeweene 


j } humbl k. is 
erp neere the number of lencie,thatehere might in this behalke ſome ſpecial over be taken. This melage' l a 
nd ſuch marchandisces the 16 ol September 1568. t being the betp day of our arriuall there. * 
ommanded withallonie The nert mozning being the feuententh of the fame moneth, wee deſcried 13. ſaile ol great 
art. Powobeit belche ue lhippes: and after that our General vnderſtood, that it was the king ol Spaines Fleetethen loo⸗ 
W ‘ila hein, hepꝛeſent ly lent to aduertile the Generall hereol ol our b 
ol our vo 


fe ſrica, with the diy 
fique there, andalſoof 
e. roy his direCion,and 
haue intrappedvs, 


che ſukeret 30 t 
R eee te by all maner of meanes eee Sa 
abe menrherfoncbiee wah dethe hauen was Colieele, that ebe other Flecte encring, the ſdeppes were tortdeane nin 
Space of enn ie b doopok another, Allo hee Catw her ir their Flerte could perich by bis keeping of them out, bin tation. 
yon the coaſt of America f asefnecetfiie hep mu , : 
gitube s fromehence om HAG Lunge diſplealure in ſo 
laniards 155 ie toute chem 
traightly charge un tons gue ‘aa 
uring the monet oft b frsitt Don Martin de Henriques, the newe Aeriy, who cue terse re aeee 
an te ba cteng authontcie to cm nnd in all cafes bot by Seaand bp lande in this prouince of 
Cape de la velsand Re Big Mexkoorneto Spaine, bin erttfe out Gencrall, that fop the better maintenance of amicie bes 
there would ys Moeetethe hing o Bpaine and our Houeraigne, all our l 


The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Miles Philip, 
granted, and faithfully perfourmed : Agnifping further that he beary and underiood cf the hong 
and friendly dealing of our Generall,coward the king of Spaines ſubietts in all places where 
had bene, 5 allo in the latd port s ſo that to bee bptefe dur requetts were articled, and let daun in 
wuting. 2. 

4. Article 1 Che ket was that wee might haue victuals for our money, and licenſe to (ll ag nuch 

concluben ve waren, as migbe lullice to furniſh our wants, g 

Einguibathe 2 The lecond, that we might be ſulferen peaceably to repaire out chips. 

Abou 3 Che thirde that the plano might bee in our poſlellton during the time of our above there 

treacherous In which pland our Generall foz the better laletie of him and his had alte adte planted and plan 

Spantaroe ‘ f 

dee nene et certaine Dydinance which were cleuen piecen of haſſe, therefore he required thatthe fame mig 

them, fo continue, and that no Sppaniard ould come to lande in the (ude pland, hauing oz wearing inp 
kinde of weapon about hum. 

4 CThefourth and the lalt, that fop the better and more ſure perkonnance and manitenanceof 
peace, and of all the conditions, there might twelue gentlemen ok crevite bee delluc red of thr 
part as hoſtages. 

TChete conditions were concluded aud agreed vpon in writing by the Ciicerop anv ligned ih 
his hand, and fealen with his ſeale, and 10. holtages vpon either part were receiued, And fun 
was concluded that the two Generals houly meet, ond giue faith ech to other for the perko nnn 
of the pꝛemilles. Al which being done the Came was pꝛoc latmed by the found of a trumpet com 
mandement was giuen that none of either part would violate oz breake the peace vpon pant of 
death: thus at the ende ol thꝛee dapes all was concluded, and the Fleete entre v the port, the tips 
laluting one another as the maner of the Sea doth require: the mozrow after being friday wel 
voured on all fines. placing the Engliſh Hips by themlelues, the Spanith Hips by cherries, 
the Captaines and infertour perſons ok either part, offering, and chewing great courtiſie oneto 
another, and pꝛomiling great amitie vpon all fines, Pow beit as the ſequel ſbewed, the Spanurns 
meant nothing lefle vpon their parts. Foz the Uiteroy and gouemour thereabout had fecrertp at 
land aſlembled to the number of 1000,chofen men, and wel appointed, meaning the nertthurfoap 
being the 24. ol September at dinner time to alſault vs, and fet vpon us on all floes. But beioyey 
go anp further, I thinke it not amiſſe bꝛiefly to dileribe che maner ok the pland as it then tus nd 
the force and ſtrength, that it is now of. forthe Spaniards fince the time of our Generals wing 


1 tate tate there, foꝛ the better foztifying of the Came place, haue vpon the fame pland built a faire Catte ono 
auen von bulwarke very well fontided: this port was then at our being there, alittle pland of tones m 
ide pland or palt three foote aboue water in the higheſt place, ond not pat a bow- ſhotte ouer any way at ihe 


Wande molt, and it ſtandeth from the maine land, two bowſhootes oz moze: and there is not i allthis 


Vilua, 


coatt any other place fo» (hips Cafelp to ariue at: alfo the Noꝛth windes in this coatt are ofrest 
violence and force, and vnleſle the ſhippes bee ſakely mozed in, with their anckers fattened in this 
no remedie, but prefent dettruction and ihipwꝛacke. All this our genttall wich 
prouide chat he would haue the ſaid land in his cuſtody, oꝛ els the Sppaniards might 
haue but cut our cables, and fo with the firſt Moꝛthwinde that ble we ue had he 

But to teturne to the matter. 
the ame Chul day mopning, 


Spanith tongue very 
in that great hulke. é 
ftapen our Matter, and founded tye Crumpet, 
Epa vitinons charge vpon our men, Which warden on ſhooze, 
treacherte af ſudden feare among vs, that many gaue place, and 
coe Spanis  chemielues. Che Spaniards which (ecretlp wert 
crueltte. ed ouer ta the pland in their long boates, and Co comming to the pland, 


Mil 


that che) 
her * 
eae hu 
— flait 
and (opi 
our op0in 
Spantar 
fromthe: 
foxe ſpopl 
directly a 
had made 
ſter, ſo tha 
were in th 
final boat 


elcaped lat 
| foxceotoal 
they had ta 
polles vnti 


and certain 
tlued here 


und tokens 


Whereit 
rif} 

ain 

mong 
Fterel 
mot er 

his men wer 
the Minion, 
matter Fran 
tie, and info) 
ankered all tt 
from the Spi 


keſſed, hauit 
les andt wo 


— —— te 


5 * ilips. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 

Miles Ply, aaa, Le. Trafiquesand Difeou F 

— cea that they could meete with, without mercp. The Minion which had ſome what before preparen | 

nderſtood cE the hong ber ſelle to auoyd the danger, haled away and abode the firtt bꝛunt of the zoo men that Were in the ry 

in all places where he great bulke : then they loug bt to fallabooyo the leſus, where was 4 cruel light, and many of our 1 

icled, and let Downe in men llaine: but yet our men delended themlelues, and kept them out: ſothe leſus allo got loofe, 1 
umd topning with the Minion, the light waren hote vpon all floes : but they hauing woon and got 1404 

licenſe to (cll as nuth out opdinance on (hope, dio greatly annoy vs, In this fight there were two great ſhippes of the 19 

Spaniards funke, and one burnt, fo that with their ſhippes they were not able to harme vs, but 1 

8. tom the ſhoe they beat vs cruelly with out owone oꝛdinante, in ſuch loꝛt that the Telus was very Ae big: 

ime of our above there, ſeoze ſpopled and ſuddenlythe Spaniards hauing tired two great ſhips of their owne they come a 

adie planted and pee directly ag ainſt vs, which bred among our 

ted that the Came nagt 

hauing oz Wearing any 


ice and mauenenceol 


bee deliutred of cher 
licerop anv ſigned hit i ö 
kreten And fu , , D,thereis one Copftow, % Wee, 9 Whi, 
her for the perkonnant and certaine others pet aliue, who by the mercikull pꝛouidence of the almighty, were long fince ars ann turned g t | 
nd of a trumpet em rep ete at dome in England, carping fill about wich chem (and thal to thete graues) the marks ous 0 
de rene lug ano tohens of thoſe their inhumane and moze then barbarous cruell dealings. 10 
tre ’ | 
ter being kriday wel: i 
ith Mips by themſelutt | | } 
g great cle. i 
| d, che Spaniards i 
Maal ie cert 1 » and what miſeries wee aſter that ſuſtained a- | | 
aning the nertehurtoap mongft the Sauage people,and how againe we fell into the hands of the Spaniards. Li 
pall fines, But beforey Iter that the Uiceroy, Don Martin Henriques, had thus Contrary to bis faith and pꝛomilc i H 
land as it then was ud Age dealt with our Generall matter Hawkins, at S. lohn de Vilua, tuber moſt of if 
ok our e hismen were bp the Spaniards (laine and dꝛowoned and all his hips ſunke and burned, ſauing 0 
built a faire Cite nd the Minion, and the Tudich, which was a fnall'barke of llktie tunne, wherein was then Captaine At 
tele pland of fons a matter Francis Drake aloꝛeſapd: the fame night the fain barke lof vs, we being in great necelſli⸗ a 
tte ouer any way 10 tie, and inſoꝛced to remooue with the Minion two bow-foote fromthe Spanith fleete, where we : 
np there is 3 tel ankerevall chat night: and the next moꝛning wee weyed anker, and recouered an Iſland a mile 
inthis 1 from the Spaniards, where a ſtozme tooke va with a Noꝛth winde, in which we were greatly di⸗ if 
anckers fa 1 Arelled hag but two cables and two ankers left +fo2 inthe conflict before we had loft thace cas 14 
this our e might e Nes wotmo ankers. The moztowakter, the oye being ceaſed and the weather faire, we wei⸗ 1% 
bh de ov 60, and let layle, being Many men in number, and but (mall ſtoze of victuals to luffice vs lo any e 
de that ble we wel lung tine: by meanes whereof we were in deſpaire and feare that we ſhould periſh through fas j 
cE, Cay ming, dune, lo that ſome were in minde to peelde themſelues to the mercy ok the Spaniards, other 
me Thur ais : tote Savages o Infidels, and wandzing thus certaine daies in thefe vnknowen feas, 
rom hasan 55 5 hunger conttrainen vs to cate hides, cats and dogs, mice, rats, parrats and munkies: to be ſhozt, 
sf pad our Generall Ma Our hunger was fo great, that wee thought it fauourie and kweete whatloeuer wee could get 

} o ente. 
which onlay Anvon the eight of October wee came to land egaine, in the bottome of the bay of Mexico, 
Mould As i m Where tne hoped to haue found ſome inhabitants, that wee might baue had fomereliefe of bictu- 
uld bee o one natal imd a place where to repaire our ſhip, which was fo greatly bꝛuiſep, that we were fearte able 
. ‘ofr abot hour weary armes to kee pe fooꝛth the water: being thus oppꝛeſſed with famine on the one 
viet the Mynion, bet I fe and danger of browning onthe other, not knowing where to find reliefe, wee began to be in 
nan thar could (peake ch A dawerlulveſpaire, and we we 


re ok manp mindes, among whom there we 
chipt againe, which wer MA donehre dur Generall ta let them on land 5 
ö ) N 


ee : Longer a hn alert atome themle lues ta 
in Merci of the auages oz Jnfidels, then onger to 
n parapet] = lave, that if they thouty temaine together, ifth i L 
1 oke ſuch amale, mag Moubdinforcethem in ehe ende to cate ORE another: to ee our Generall did very wil⸗ 
on pes lo; the Caferiel dingip anee,confivering with himlelke o2 him to leſlen his number, both foꝛ 
per, quitkly tom be latericof irate pon being reſoluen to let halfe his people aſhoze that he 
1 they ſlewe all dura lues, it was a wozld to lee how luddenlp meng 1 71 were altered: for they whicha 
. yi r 


little 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, Miles Philip. 


— 
little before delired to be fet on land, were now of another minde, and tequeſted rather to ap yp 
meanes whereof our Benerall wasinfopced , fo the moze contentation of all mens minds, ano tp 
take away all occafions of offence, to cake thisopders Firſt he made cholce of luch perfons of rp. 
uc: and account, as werenecdefull to Wap, and that being done, of thole which were willigte 
goe he appointe p (uch as he thought might be bet ſpared. and pꝛeſentlp appointed that bp the bog 
they ſhould bee fet on ſhoze, out Generall pꝛomiſing vs that the next yeere he would either com 
humſelke, elle bend do fetch vs home, Pere agaime it would baue tauſed any fonp heart to hun 
relenttbe care “ puifull mone that manp did make, and ho we loth they were to dipart : the 
weather e grmetwhat Coprmp and tempeftuous, and therefore we were to palle with grey 
AP AAR, pol Pore landing there was me remedp,but we that were appointed to goe away mut 

bbw rt v oF wecellicie doe lo. Dowbeit thole chat went in the firtt boat we re (afelp fet on ſhoze, but cf them 

Lagen north” which went in the fecwnd boate, ot which number ¥ my ſelke was one, the ſeas wrought fo bigh, 

88% JUS cht we could not att aine to the Hope, and therefore we were conftrained through the cruel! dan 

ber 70g, ung of lohn Hampton c apt aine of the Minion, and lohu Sanders boatfwaine ok the lefus, mp 
Tomas Pollard his mate, to ce out ot che boate into the maine fea, hauing more then a mile 
Hore, and Co co (hift fox our felues,and either to ſinke oꝛ (wimme. And ol thoſe that fo were z 
ie V (omen out, and compelled to leape inn o the lea, there were two dzowned, which were 
ot captaue 5 nds men. 

In the eue ung of the fame day, it being Punday the eight of October, 1568, when ue ben 
all come to (hore, we found freſh water, whereof ſome of our men dzunke fo much, that they hn 
almotcatt themlelues awap, fox wee could ſcarſe get life of them fo the (pace of two 0p thnx 
houres after: other ſome were focruellp (wollen, what with che Drinking in ok the fale water, any 

cao a und What with the cating of the frutt which wee foundonland, having a Gone in it much lie an ab 
of ſtone fruit. mond (which kruit is called Capule, that they were all in very ill tale, ſo that we were in a mmer 
allof vs both fe eble, kaint and weake. ; 

The nert momning being Tewldap, the ninth of October, we thought it belt to travellalong 
by the lea coatt,co lecke out fomeplace of habication : ( whether they were ChptMianso, Sana 
ges, we were indifferent, fo that we might haue wherewithall to ſuſtaine our hungry bodies) and 
fo departing from an hill where we had reſted all night, not hauing any dzie thꝛeed about bs, (fo 
thole that were not wet being not thowen into the lea, were thozowip wet with raine, top allthe 
night it rained cruelly:) As we went from the hil, and were tome into the plaine, we were greats 
ip teoubled to paſſe foꝛ the gralſe and weedes that grewe there higher then any man. On the ick 
hand we hao the ſea, and vpon the right hand great woods. ſo that or necellit ie we mull nerds put 
on our way CClettward , through thoſe marſhes; and going thus, ſuddenly we were affaultcrdp 
the Indians, a warlike kind of people, which ate inamancras Canibals, although they doe not 
kee de vpon mans fleih as Canibals doe. ö 

Chichimici a The le people are called Chichimici,and they vle to weare their haire long, euen dounto heir 
Waden. knees ehep dae allo colour thet faces gruene pelloterep and blew, which makeththemtoltime 
very ougly and terrible to beholde. Chele people voe keepe warres againſt the Spaniards, of 
whom they haue bene oftentimes very cruelty handled : for with the Spaniards there is nomer 
ty. They perceiuing vs at our ürſt comming on land, ſuppoſed vs to haue bene their enemies the 
Hopdering Spaniards, and hauing bp their kozerunners delctied what number we were, andhow 
ont men alla feeble and weake without armout op weapon , they ſuddenlp accopding to their accuftomedias 
led by the Ch. ner, when they encounter with any people in warlike forte, raiſep a terrible and huge trie, udſo 
bac came running fiercely vpon vs (hooting off their arrowes as thicke as hatle,onto whole merty ue 
were conſtrained to pelo, not hauing amongſt vs any kind of armour, nod pet weapon, faving one 
talin er, and two old ruttre lwoꝛos, whereby to make any reliſtante, oz to laue our ſelues: which 
when they perceiued, that wee fought not any other then fauour and mercie at their handes, un 


that we were not their enemies the Spaniards, they had tompaſlion on vs, and came andcauier 


vs all to fit vown: and when they had a while ſurueped, and taken a perfect n 0° va th enn 
to all {uch as had any coloured clothes amongt vs, and thofe they did Grip R. a0" volt 
their clothes away with them, but thofe that were apparelled in blacket P 4% wh 
all, and fo went their wapes, and left vs without doing vs any further hurt, oney in the firtt bunt 


eiant ot our they killed eight ol our men. And at our departure, they perteiuing in what weake cafe we wert, 


men ane. polnter ys with their hands which way we (yout goto come toa towneofthe Spaniards vy 
as wea; “warts perceiued, was not patt ten leagues from thence, bfing thefe wopds: Tampit, 
Tampice:, tano, Tampice Chriſtiano, which is as much (we thinke) as to lay in Englichn 
Tampicey.s, =, athe: Chziltians. Che weapons that they vle are wother but ban 

att 


U 


together 0 


ben with 
Ether lome tit 


nt mother 
dienlp being 
hilled our m 
ſelues. Ale 
ls called Tec 
A number ol 
them they b 
Ip, and il pot 
tremelp, cule 


biame to the 
— 


Liles Philip. N Miles Philips. Traffiques,and Difcoueries. 


ea . 4 — 

ed rather to {tap ; _— qtrowes, and chete arme is fo good, that they v 

umens minds, n ß . Mboptly after they han batiript (as ato 

offuchperfonsofir. [ totus compenies,ann fo 

vhich were willingrg 

inted that by the bon 

he 3 tome 

my ſlonp heart to hau whom 

1 were to depart sthe ö n ram was sep Dauld Ingra 
re to paſſe with grey thete diy cer, within the — fh ben 8 
nted to goe away muß and tha captaine Hooper and 100 age 
tonſhoze, but ckthm themſe held on their way mill 

ſeas wiought (ogy, A fought to meet with bg a · 

tough the cruelloen / — met with vs in the lpace of 

dane of 1 leſus, ang Art dayes againe, bow many wee were that 

ng moze then a mie i 

thole that fo were (45 1 
DOWNED, which war 


1568, when we wer 
fo much, that they hn 
ye (pace of two oy ih 
nok the fale water n 
ie in it much like na 
at we were in amaner 


it beſt to trauellalong 
e Chriianso; Sauas 
ur hungry bodies) anv 
ie thzeed about bs, ( 
¢ with raine,fop alithe 
plaine, we were greats 
any man. On the left 
itie we muſt nerds paſt 
ly we were me dae, thes iccte 
although they doe not ng, they are ſo veuimous lace will ſwell ers 
i ö fe! g witha CAlaſpe or Bee: but ifpou let them — — 
ng, euen Dotto ther tngucatoap of chemle nes, then they doe pou no orber hurt, but leaue behinde them a red (pot 
hmakerhehemcoterme i beevon bigger then afiea.bicing, At ehe firt wer were terribly kroubled 
Und the Spaniards, of fits ,not knowing their qualities, and refitance wee could ma 
migros theres notte hed: as fo? cold wee fearennot any, thecountrep there is alwa 
bene their entmitac len thus fo che (pace of tenne oꝛ twel 
mber we twere,andbon bp intothe toppes of high trees, 
to their accuffomedmas 
le and huge trie, dll 
le, vnto whofe merty ve 
pet weapon ſaung one 
laue our el 19 which 
rcie at their handes, un 
8, and came and canted . bi — 
ct ne vs,thrcame g 


and lall downe ſud⸗ 
in lecret places, and ſo 


n any 
rt, oneip ft 4 ging 
hat weake cate we wer 

af the Spaniards, wi eiter we bad bent of 

gtheſe worde: Tampit, 

e) as to fap in Cngiiht brung and fo came ouer, 


no other but owes an did pꝛeſentiy rome ouer backe 
arrowes, Rr 


—— (—!— 1 ern 


6 The Englith Voyages, &c. e Miles Philips, 


out anp delay made out about the number o 


ding we obeied, 

call toꝛ moze Ca 

Ude, they vnderſtanding by 
two and two a loafe of bꝛead 


the bread amongſt vs, 

dians inhabitants of that place to garde 

as were keeble, they tooke vp vpon their bozſes, 

they dwelt, which was very neete diſtant amile ſromthe place where we came ouer. 

Tbistowne is well Genated, and well replentihen with all kindes of fruits, as Ozengt l, 
mons, Pomegranates, Apricoks, and Peaches, and fundgp others, and is inhabited with agrs 
number ol tame Indians, 02 Mexicans , and had in it alſo at that time about the number of iu 

Sie Batines bundzed Opaniarbs men, women and childzen, beides Negros. Ok their Salines, which lier, 
on the Let fine of the rinec moze then a mile diſtant from thence,thep make agrent profit, int 
is an extellent gad merthandize there: the Indians doe buy much thereok, and carie it bp intothe 
cuuntrey, and there ſell it to their owne caunt rey people: in doubling the price, Allo mucholthe 
Sait made in this plate, is tranſpoꝛted from thence dy ea to ſundꝛy other places, as to Cuba,. 
Tohn de Vilua, and the other pots of Tamiago, and Tamachos , which are two barred hang 
Wiel and bp South about tiderſcoꝛe leagues from S. lohn de Vilua, hen we were alone 
coche tame, the Gouernour there ſhewed himlelſe very ſeuere onto vs, and threatmduhmg 
fas all: ano then be bemanded tobat money wee had, which in trueth was verp little, ko the qui. 
ans which we firt met withall, had in a maner taken all from vs, and of that which they ifr, te 
Spaniards which bꝛougbt vs ouer, tooke away a good part allo: bowbeit, from Anthony Go. 
dard the Gouernaur here hav achaine of gold. which was giuen onto him at Carchagena, byte 
Gouernour there, and from others be bad Come ſmall toze of money: ſo that wee accounted ihn 
amongſt vs all he bad the number of fine hundzed Pe zos, beſides the chaine ok gold. 

Ano hauing thus Catt (fie himſelfe, when he had taken all that we had, he cauled sto be putin 
to alittle houle much like a hogſtie, where we were almolt ſmoothered: and before we were thes 
ſhut vp into that little coat, they gaue vs ſome of che countrey wheate, called Mayz, ſodden, which 
they feede their hogs withall. But man of our men which had bene burt by the Indie mar 
lirũ comming on land, whole wounds were very fore and grieuous , deſired to haue the hele ol 
their Surgeons to cure their wounds. Che gouernour, and moſt of them all anſwered that wet 
could haue none other Burgen but the bangman⸗ which ſhould ſufficiently beale vsof all on 
griefes: and thus reuiling vs. and calling vs Englich dogs, and Lutheran heretikes we rang 
the ſpate oc chace Dapes in this miferable ſtate, not knowing what ſould become of vs, waiting 
euerp houre to be bereaued ok our liues. 


Chap. 4, 

Wherin is ſhe wed how we were vſed in Panuco, and in what feare of death we werethete, 
and how we were caried to Mexico to the Viceroy, and of our imprifonment there 
and at Trſenco, with the courtefies and cruelties wee received during that time, 
how in tho end wee were by proclamation giuen to ſerue as ſlaues to fundry genslemen 
Spaniards, 


Ponthe fourth day after our comming thither, and there remaining in a perpleritie looking 
euery houre when we ſhould luffer death, there tame a great number of Indians and Be 
niards weapoucd to fetch b out of the boule, and among chen wee efplen ane iber bongite 
great many of nrw halters,at the ight whereof we wert greatlp amazed, and made no otder at 
count but that we ſpould pꝛeſeutly baue fuffered neath, anno crying and calling to God in m · 
cie and lopgiuenelle ot our finnes, we preparen our ſelues, making vs ready to diere intern, 


— 
r 
. AAiles Philips. Traffi 5 — 
ung themlelues the 5 id quesand Difcoueries, 477 
cing come due tir ett fequel thetwed,chetr meaning was not fo : for when wee 

1 vpon Geda e q UND aur armes behind vs. and recouping bette mate boule, with 

hony Godard ſttiug stranded vs to march on through the tomne, and ſo along the countrep from tare her, they com⸗ 

mothem, fop bein te aitte ot Mexico, which is diſtaut from Panuco CIieſt and by . place toward 

reſictance, wholedin FR —Ieagued,bauing onelp but two Spaniards to tonduct vs, they being accompanled ne 

eC hyittians, andra , bebe e Tadians warding on either fine tity bowesannarrowes, lef weer btb a great 

cing come on theory, MR — eiem.sBndstauelting in this ger, ponthe ſerond day ibd nosh oS 

ate,imparted betum ] Andians call Nohele andthe Spaniards call it Santa 

dards call Man oft fe white friers, which did very courteduſl 

ue Claſhacally. EE germents alſo to couer our ſelues 

long time before: mm mol the Indian fruit, called Noc 

ind hauing thus pan 

hauing alfo manp qn: 
pes, and ſome fuch il 
os to the towne wn 
ame ouer. 

nits, as Ozengts, l. 
inhabited withagur 
out the number of tin 
Salines, which erp 
ake a great profit, fori 
and carie it vpintothe 
pice, Alſo mucholthe 
r places, as to Cuba, . 
are two barred haut 
Aben we were all come 
, and thꝛeaturduhng 
15 l | 5 were not able to goe fo Fatt 
t, from AnthonyGo. . Detweenethe necke and che thoulvers{o Diftike them with che lame 
at Carthagena, bythe bectpand(ap, Marchad 

hat wee accounted that 
ne of gold. 

e cauſed vs to be put in 
nd before we were thes 
ed Mayz, ſodden, lich 
t by the Indim atour 
ived to haue thehelßt ol 
i all anſwered ihn wee 
iently beale sof all on 
iheretikes, we rund 
d become of vs, waiting 


of death 105 mene ce 
ur impriſonment thee HARE igy, mertie : 
Earn that tiwe, and pied tll wee might pere from that bondage either by deathoꝛ 
es to ſundry gentlemen Chenert mo 
Weill wee c and ſo trauel · 
ina perplexitie looking ards a very faire 
bt Bnbiansamn 8h. ie ner ole being as 
frien one that ung! Nllur as there be are as many lamps 
, and mabe no otber w . 
calling to God i mer- uh an kneele befo 
aby to die: pet inthern water be be hopleman oz 
5 which itchey oe 


=r 3 . 
ee ee 


— — 


.. Pe Sages 
— ies ; 


ſhall neuer 
iy a ee 


478 TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, Miles Philips, 


——ů —ů— —— ——— — 
Nucfira Senora, thep call in the Spanith tongue, Nueſtra ſennora de Guadalupe. At this place there are certain 
cold baths which arile, ſpꝛinging vp as though the water did ſeeth: the water whereok is (ome, 
what bꝛackiſh in tate, but very good ko; any that haue any ſoze 07 wound, to wath themſelug 
therewith, fo as they lap, it healeth many: and euery peere once vpon our Lady day the people yf, 
to repaire thither to offer, and to pꝛay in that Church belfoꝛe the image, and they fap that our Le. 
dyof Guadalupe doeth woꝛke a number ok miracles. About this Church there is nat p tone 
ot Spaniards that is inhabited, but certaine ndtaus doe dwell there in houles of thelr oten coy: 
trey building. 5 191 
bere snetoereines witha great numberof Spaniards on hozſebacke, which came from Mei. 
co to lee vs, both gentlemen, and men ofol: wations, and they came as people to ſee a wont: 
we were Kill called vpon to march on, and lo about foure of the clocke in the afternoone of the an 
day we entred into thecitie ol Mexico, by the way oz ſtreet called La calle Santa Catherina: 
we ſtayed not in any place till we came to the houle o2 palace of the Vice Roy, Don Martin Hen. 
riques, which ſtandeth in the middeſtok the city, hard by the market place, called La plaęa deln. 
queſe. Gc had not ſtayed any long time at this place, but there was brought vs by the Span 
ards from the market plate great Rope ok meat, Cufficient to haue Catiffied tine times fo many 
we were: ſome allo gaue vs hats, e ſome gaue vs money: in which place we ſtayed fo? the (parr 
a two houres, e from thence we were conueped by water in two large Canoas to an hoſpital the 
allſhmen taten as certaine of our men were lodged. which were taken betoe the fight at S. lohn de VIIua: bn 
prioners at ſhoulo haue gone to our Ladies hoſpitall, but that there were alſo lo many of our men takente 
She lad. at koje at that light that there was no room e fo vs. After our comnung thither, manp of the compe: 
Vilua. ny that tame with me from Panuco dyed within the (pace of kourteene dayes: lone after which 
time we were taken foꝛthkrom that plate, and put altogether into our Ladies holpitall, in which 
place we were courteouſly vſed, and viſited oftentimes bywertuous gentlemen and gentlewanm 
of the citie, who brought vs diuers things to comfort vs wit hall, as ſuccats and marmilads, m 
{uch other things, and would alſo many times giue vs many things, and that very liberally, J 
which hoſpitall we remained foꝛ the {pace of fire moneths, vntt l we were all whole and ounvof 
body; aud then we were appointed by the Vice Roy to be taried vnto the town ok Teſcuco, whit 
is from Mexico Southweſt diſtant eight leagues: in which towne there are certaine hoults of 
toꝛrection and puniſhment for ill people called Obraches, like to Bride well here in Lonbonsin 
to which place Diners Indians are fold foꝛ ſlaues, ſome for ten peeves, ond lome for twelut. J 
was no ſmali griefe vnto vs when we vnderſtood chat we ſhould be carted thither, and to bervien 
as ſlaues, we had rather be put to death: howbeit there was no remedy, bur we were cariedtothe 
pꝛiſon of Teſcuco, where we were not put to any labour, but were very ſtraitly kept, ealmottfar 
miſhed, yet by the good pꝛouidence of our mercikull God we happened there to meet with one Ro. 
Robere Sweeting bert Sweeting who was the ſonne of an Engliſhman borne of a Spaniſh woman: this mancould 
an Engluchma ſpeake very good Engliſh, and by his means wee were holpen very much with victuals fromthe 
Indians, as mutton, hennes, & bꝛead. And ik we had not bene ſo relieued, we had ſureiypenſhed: 
and pet all the pꝛouiſion that wee had gotten that way was but lender. And continuing thus 
ſtraightly kept in pꝛiſonthere foꝛ the ſpace of two moneths at the length wee agreed among dur 
ſelues to hneake forth of pꝛiſon, come of it what would, fo we were minded rather to luffer deu 
then longer to liue in that miferable fate, And lo hauing efcaped out of prifon, we knew not whet 
way to flie for the lafetie of our ſelues, the night was darko and it rained terribly, and not having 
any guide, we went we knew not whither, and in the mo fung, at the appearing ok the day, wett 
ceiued our ſelues to be come hard to the city of Mexico, which is 24 Engliſh miles fri Telcuco, 
Che day being come we were eſpied by the Spantards,¢ purſued, and taken, and brought befoye 
ang plc, the Vice Roy and head iuftices, who thꝛeatned to hang vs for breaking ofthe kings pꝛilon. Pat in 
men padages. the end they lent vs into a garden belonging to the Vice Roy, & comming thither, we foundthere 
our Engliſh gentlemen which were veliuercd as hoſtages when as our General was betreyed at 
S. lohn de Vllua, as is atozeſaid, and with them wee alfo found Robert Barret, the Maſttrof the 
Ieſus, in which place we remained labouring and doing luch things as we were commanded, for 
the {pace of. moneths, heuing but two ſheepe a day allo wed to ſuffice vs all, being verpneerea 
Auno an bü⸗ hundzed men, and fo? bread we had euery man two loaues a dap, of the quantity of one halfepery 
Died Engulg. loafe. At the end of which forre moneths, they hauing remooued our gentlemen hoſtages, and 


men pittoners the Maſter of the leſus to a prifon in the Vice Roy his owne houle, did caule it to be ppociaine, & 


deo. that twat gentleman Spantard focuer was willing, 02 would haue anp Engluſh man to lerne 
him, and be bound to kerpe him koꝛth comming, to appeare before the Juſlices within one mona 


after notice giuen, that they ſhould repaire tothe (aid garden, and there take their choice: 0 
* procles 


© ferae ones 
a groes whi 
dk Mexico. 
vas bere by 
a asoueriee 
puoſtegg⸗ 
© isehpeefco) 
our charge, 
they had lef 
F op thereabo 
Fahalle is 
beſides out 
thouland f 
conterning. 
the Uicero) 
p ae sfopefato, 


me wring thither 
Br fo, Spaine f 
me it crevibly re 


 fition houle, 
that houſe ce 

dhe fleete ine 
p Inquifition, 
name was Io 
Nom afte 
time we had l 
ptere of our} 
ſhed in the In 
ler until this 
that bloodie a 
Contreres, an 
los Rios, the S 
thetwhite Fri 
thatthei moll 
itbett to call v 
perkett knowl 


Ailes P bilips, 


nas 
place there are certain 
ater whereotk is (one. 
, to wath themſelugg 
adp day the people lt 
they lay that our La. 
there is nat imp tonne 
les of thelt v Nouns 


hich came krom Men. 
eople to (ce a wonnr: 
alternoone of the lun 
Santa Catherina: u 
py, Don Martin Hen. 
lled La placa del hin. 
ght vs by the Open, 
five times fo manpas 
e ſtaped foꝛ the (paced 
as to an hoſpital wine 
S. Iohn de VIlua: ut 
pok our men Cakende 
er, many oF the compa: 
pes: ſoone after wich 
ies holpitall, in which 
men and gentlewonn 
Band marmilads, an 
that verp liberally, J 
all whole and foundof 
wn OF Teſcuco, which 
are certainehoults of 
ell here in Londonsine 
d fome for twelut. I 
thither, and to bee bed 
t we were caried tothe 
aitlp kept, calmottfas 
re to meet with one Ro. 
woman: this man could 
with bictuals fromthe 
we had ſurelypenſhed: 
„And continuing thus 
bee agreed amotigtt our 
ed rather to luffer death 
fon, we knew not that 
erribly, and not having 
ring ok the dap, wepers 
Lith miles fri Tefcuco, 
ten, and bꝛought befoye 
he kings pꝛilon. Pit in 
thither, we foundthere 
encral was betrayed at 
arret, the Spatterof the 
e were commanned, fop 
all, being verpneerea 
lantity ok one halfepeny 
ntlemen hoſtages, an 
aule it to be pꝛoclaimed, 
pEngliſh man co ſttut 
ices within one ie 
e: 
ake their choic past 


| Whereinis ſhe wed in what good ſort, 


5 


6 mewhat longer. Afterwards many of 
vs bere by our matters appointed to go to ſundꝛy of their MP 


dur charge vpon our well vſing x intreating of them, would at ti 
theyhmlekt worke, labour for vs, and blow as much ſiluer as th 
bſchetetbouts, kuerp marke being worth 6 Be zos, and a halfe of their monep, which 19 Pe zos 
| ¢abalfe,ts worth 4 li. 10 f. of our money. Sundꝛy weekes we did gaine ſo much by this meanes 
and were woozth thꝛee thouland 02 foure 
fe Pines ſome the oꝛ foure peeres, Ag 


ſen ich thefleete, where as J haue heard 
fae it creiblp reported, manp of them died with the cruell handling of the Spantards: 


— — 
proclamation was no ſooner made, but the gentlemen came and re 
that happie was he that could looneſt get one ot vs. 


Chap, 5. 


and how wealthily 
the comming of the Inquiſition 
and of the ſeuere iud 


gainſt vs, and wich what rigour and crueltie the fa 


| groes which be theit llaues during their life, 


: re. In which mines manp of vs did 
poꝛoßtteſ gaine greatly: fo? lirſt we were allowed thꝛee hundꝛed Pe zos a man fora peere, which 

> isth es that the Indians and Negtoes which wꝛought vnder 
Mes as vpon Saturdayes when 
Ould be worth vnto vs 3 markes 


s hoſtages, and that were kept in pꝛiſon, in 
the Uiceropbis houle, after that we were gone from out the 


i ˖ aba to ſerue ſundꝛy gentlemen 
r sfonefaid, they remained pꝛiloners in the laid honſe for the pace of 4 moneths after their come 
Bey wing thither, at the end whereofthefleete being readie to depart from O. 


lohn de VIlua, to goe 


e leſus, was ſent away with 
dhe fleete into Spaine the nert peere following, where afterwards h { 
b Inquifition, and at the laſt was condemned to be burnt, and with hi 
ume was lohn Gilbert. 
Non after the: fire yeeres were fully expired fince our art comming into the Indies, in which 
time wehud bene impꝛiloned and f erued in the ſaid 
peete of our Lond one thoufann fue hundzed ſeuentie foure, th 


ſhed in the Indies, very much againſt the mindes of manp of th 
ler bntil this time fince 


bo Rios, the Secretary: they being come and ſetled 


and plac ed in a very faire houle neere vnto 
white Fciers, canſidering wirhthemlelues that they mutt inn 
thittheir mot deteltable Inquifition here in Mexic o, to thet 


thnowlenge and intelligence, that many of vs were become betp rich, as hath bene alreadie 
uber, nd therefore we were a bery good boot y and pꝛayt ˖ 


5 5 fo that now againe 
bam dur foto tues a freſh, for we were fent for, and ſought out in all places o 


u made vpon paine of looling of goods and extommunication that no man ſhould hide 
opheepe ſerret any Engliſhmen oz any part of their goods. By means whereof we were all ſoone 
apprehenen in all places ant all our goods leize 


i toꝛs vſe, and ſo from 
all parts of the cpunttey we were conueied and (ent as prifoners to the titie 


Cominitted to pꝛiſon in lundzy darke dingeong, where we could not lee but 
neuer pal two together in one Hate, fo that we law not one another, neither could one ok vs tell 
dat was berome of another. Thus we remained clole impꝛiſoned fog t 


halfe 


Miles Philips. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


paired tothe garden amaine ſo 


We liued with our mafters vntill 
5 when as againe our ſorowes began a freſn: Of our 
imprifonment in the holy houſe 


heir chamberlaines,¢ to waite vpon them 
whenthep went abroad, which they greatly accounted of : foꝛ in that countrey no Spaniard will 
| ferde one another, but they are all of them attended and ſer 


480 he Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Ailet Philpr. Mile 


halfe, and others fox Come lelle time, for they tame to pꝛiſon euer as they were appꝛehended. O- vnder the 
ring which time ol our impilonmẽt, at the Girt beginning we were often called befope the Anqu bl Kriers 
fitozs alone, and there ſeuerely examined of our faith, and commande d to fap the Pater noſter, the op hema 
Aue Maria, the Creed in Latin, which Goo knoweth a great number ol vs could not lay, ohr ⸗ prefently 
wile then in the Englihtongue, And hauing the laid Robert Sweeting who was our friend at Che bt 
Teſcuco a wayes prelent with thẽ for an interpreter, he mabe report koꝛ vs, p in our own counttey 5 eter 

lin 10 


ſpeech we could lay them perfectly, although not woꝛd for woꝛd as they were in Latin. Thendd : 
they poceene to demand of bs vpon dur othes what we DID belerue okthe Wactament, g where ! Serbs 
there did remaine any bꝛead oz wine after the woꝛos of conlecration, yea oꝛ no, and whether we dd one l hom: 
not beleeue that the holt ol bꝛead which the pꝛteſt did hold vp ouer his head, and the wine thatun committtd 
inthechalice, was the verptrue and perkert badp ¢ blood or our Saviour Chri, ven oꝛ no: T h Then u 
which tf we anfwered not pes, hen was there no wap but Death, Eben tber would demand of dem 
what we did remember ol our ſelues, what opinions we had held, oz had bin taught to hold contra: i Then w 
ry to the Came whiles we were in England: to which we for the lakety of our lives were contra: : re 


ned to Cap, that we neuer did beleeue, 10 had bene taught otherwile then asbetore we hadſld. 
Chen would they charge vs that we did not tell themthe truth, that chey knt w the contra, a fe Wen 
a any 


therfore we ſhould cal out le lues to remembrance, x make them a better antwer atehe nert tune 

ela we ſhould berackt, and made to conteſle the trueth whether we would od uo. And ſo tom Then w 

againe before them the next time, we were dil vemanded ok our beltefe whiles we were inEn. Fe Horlewell 

land and how we had bin taugbt, gallo what werhought op d know of (uch of ourotwne cong, fam dame on 3? 

up as they did name onto vs la hat we toulp neuer befeee from {uch demands, and atothertines fie anions 
9 U 


they would pꝛomiſe vs, that if we would tell them trueth, then ſhould we haue fauour ¢ be fee ul 

bertie although we very wel knemtheirkairelpeecbes were but means totnecap bs, tothe ; atwap tothe: 

and lolle of our liues: howbeit God fo mercifully wꝛought fop vs by aſecret meanes that fof quickly burt 

chat we kept vs ſtill to our firtt anſ wer, g would ſiil Cap that we had told the trueth vntothan and pie 
a the 


ſinnes anvoffencesin England againſt God and our Labp,oz any of his bleſſen Saints, we were vhtte we fo 
Heartilp Corp for the ſame, and dio cty God mercy, and beſought the Inquiſitoꝛs fo; Gods fake cons ftripes and 
fidering that we came into chofe countreys bp force of weather, x againſt our wils, aud ihm nme . to wourt op 
in all our Lives we had either (poker o done anp thing contrary to their lawes, that theefoperhep clefopall the 
would hauemercy bps vs. Vet all this would not ferue:fop ſtil krom time to time we were call number of tt 
ur men are vpon to confefle_andabout the (pace of 3 moncths before they proceeded to their ſeuere lunge ⸗ long whips | 
ccueltprackt, ment, we were al rackt, and lome enkoꝛted to vtter that againtt themlelues, which afterwards col 
them their lines. And thus hauing gotten fd our owne mouths matter Cufficient foꝛthemtopu⸗ 


tence af the holy Anquilit on again the Engliſh beretikes, Lutherans , and allo (ce the fame put 
in execution. Tchich being vone, andthe time approching ok this cruelliudgement, the night te 
forethep came to the prifon where we were. with certaine officers of that holy bellith houle, tein 
ging with thẽ certainefooles coats which they had pꝛepared for vs, being calledin their language 
S. Benitos which coats were made of pellow cotten g red crolles vpon them, both befoze ¢ brhin: 
they were lo buted in putting on their coats about vs, and in bringing vs out into a large path, 


| Wherein is 


and placing and pointing vs in what order we ſpould go to the (caffoln op place of upgemert by expired 
on the mozrow, that they did not once {uffer be to lleepe all that night long. The next monning bes Francie 
and a fliceofbyean andhov 

we let forth of the prifon, euer agiine 


man alone in his pellow coat, and a rope about his necke, and a great greene Mare candlein bis 
hand vnlighted, having a Spaniard appointed to goe vpon either fine of euerp one of be: and{o 
marching in this oꝛder and maner toward the Ccaffolo in che market plate, which was abot fhoot 


diſtant ox thereabouts, we found a great allemblpok people all the way, and ſuch a tomy, tha 
sand fo comming 


| Miles Phili 
Lune to b 


gement. 


chus let downe as we were appointed, pꝛelently the Inquilicers came vp another patte of laute, 
hen they were fet daun a pi 


files Philips, 


pra i te ae | 
re appꝛehended. Du⸗ 
lep befoze the Anqul, 
the Pater nofter, the 
could not fay, others 
pho was our friend at 
in dur own country 
re in Latin. Then did 
acrament, c where 
o, and whether we did 
and the wine that was 
brit, yea oꝛ no: To 
p would demand oll 
taught to bolo contra: 
ir liues were conta 
as betore we had lap. 
ncw the contrary, any 
wer at the next tine g 
210, And ſo commmg 
hiles we were in Eno. 
ch of our owne compa 
nds, and at other times 
ue fauour ¢ i feeaths 
intrap vs, to the 
tmeaneg that 7 70 
e truetch vntothan and 
clared, and ihit la dur 
fled Saints, we wirt 
1028 for Gods lake con 
ur wils, and that never 
wes, that therforerhep 
to time we were callen 
d to theit ſeuere iuoges 
„which afterwards ol 
fficient fo2 them topos 
e middeſt of che marker 
e the day of ther iuoges 
ore a kind ofyummes, 
then Colcrmelpproclats 
hey Could heare the fen: 
md allo Cee the fame put 
gement, the night be 
holy hellich houle, tpin 
called in their language 
m, both before ¢ behinns 
s out into a large par, 
place of tupgement bp 
g. Che next mogning be 
bine, and a ps 6 
th ok the milon, euetp 
10 Taxe canolein bis 
euery one ok bs: and{o 
e, which was a bots thoat 
and fuck a throng , tha 
ke wap, and ſo commuting 
made and ppcpared fo) 0s 
sdungement, Tue being 
y another pate of tarts, 
re fet domne aun 5 


fon them appatncen, Chere was chere a fol 
pfeſently vegenne their ſeuere and crue! 


0 fungemen enge | ä 
duet rane a Atipes on boalebarke,, anp alter Sonbemued cu the gallie ag a 105 


1 one l homas Browne: theſe were adiungeo tu haue 200 
6 tonunittrd to the gallies ſa the ſpare of 8 peeres. 


4 tall fangement, ſome to haue 200 Gripes on hoꝛlebacke 
| tothe galties, ſome foe 6 peeres, fome for 8 and fome fo 


| Horlewell and Thomas Hull: theſe ſi 


é 


Miles Philips. Traffiques, and Biſcoueri es. 

vnder the cloth of eate agrering to their degrees and ¢ st 

of Friers, white, blacke and grap, about the aner zee pert eno 4 — 
“si en oud Glence commanded, and then 


Chebri man chat was called was one Roger the chiete Armourer of the 


Tefus, and hee had ape crnett 
ments OF 
panilh 
mes f, 

Gripes on hop ſebacke and after to be 88 


Alter hun were called lob Gray, lohn Browne, lohn Rider, lohn Moone 


Chen was called lohn Keyes, and was adiudg 


15 ; ed ta haue 100 fri 
dem to lerue in the gallies az the ſpate of 6 be 00 Beipes on hozlebacke, and cons 


Chen were ſeueralip called the number of 53 one after another, and euery man had his leue⸗ 
and fone 100 and condemned for llaues 


10. 
aud then was J Miles Philips called, and was aiub 5 


ged ta ſerue in a monaſteri 
without any ſirtpes, and to weare a fooles coat, oꝛ S. Benito, d 1 og e 


Chen were called lohn Storie, Richard Williams, Dauid 
re were condemned to ſe 


ſome for 3 1 and lome for foure,and to weare the S. Benito d 
> being done, and it now dꝛawing tow George Riuel P i 2 i 
L ’ be Niucly , Peter Momftie, end Cornelius 


alhes and fo were pꝛeſently ent 
mthe feaffolo, wberethep b 


Ard the 
Ought into a cou 


rt Dap in the manning being 
apa 


where they ee 


| Gand the s other with me their martirdome: and 
an appentithtp in the mo 
me pointed fo) the purpofe, 


Chap, 6, 

Wherein isfhewed how we were vied in the religious houſes, and that when the time was 

expired, that we were adiudged to ſerue in them, there came newes to ( Mexico of M. 

e re being I the South Sea, and what Preparation was made to take him, 
malen lee king to efcape, was againe taken and putin prifon Cr 

againe I made mine efcape from Merce, eee 


dally lie in waite to pꝛattile their Dee 
8 doe keepe them in, W ps 
owe 


Paul Horfewel the Bectetacp tooke to behis leruant: Thomes Hull was Cent toa Monaſteryof 


leſts, where afterwardbe viev. Thus we ferued out the peeres that we were condemnedtoy, 
xs vid ble vs berp cow: 


t 

know what the right voth. Now 
to lerue in thole religious houles, we wert then mought agame bekoze the chéefe Fnquificos , any 
bad all our fooles coares pulled off and banged bp in the head church, called Ecclefia Maior, any 
euetp mans name and iudgement mitten thereupon wich this addition, An heretike Lutheran 
reconciled. And there are alo all thetr coates hanged vp, which were condemned to the galln, 


withtheir names and iudgements and vnderneath his coat, Hleretike Lutheran reconciled. au 


allo the coats and names of the thee that were burned, whercupon were witten, An obftinate 
heretike Lutheran burnt. Chen were we {uffered togoe vp and dotne the countrey, and toplut 
our lelues as we could, and pet not fo free, but that woe verp well knew that there was gosd tf, 
all alwayes attending vs and all out actions, fo that we burt not once ſpeake oꝛ locke aw. 
uid Alexander ¢ Robert Cooke returned to ferue the Tnquifitos, who ortlp alter marudum 
both to two of his Negro women: Richard Williams maried a rich widow of Biskay with 4000 


1 Paul Horfewell is maried 20 a Meftifa , as chep name thoſe whole fathers wert A : 


niards, and their mothers Tndtans, and this woman which Paul Horfewell bath marien, u im 
to bethe Daughter ol one chat came in with Hernando Cortes the Conquerour, who had with her 
in marriage foure thoulaud Pe pos, anda faite houſe: Iohn Storie is maried to a. Regto woman: 
William Lowe had leaue and licence t doe into Spaine where he is now married: fopmineotyne 
part J could neuer thaougbip lettle my lelle to marry in that countrey, although many fire ol. 
fers were made unto me of fuch as wert of great abélitie anv wealth, but J could haue iw liking 
toline in that place, where A mutt cuerp where fee and know luch horrible iolatrie committe, 
and durſt not once foꝛ my like ſpeabe againſi it: and therefore J had alwayes a longing ano tie 
to tbis my native couutrey: and, to returne and ſerue agatuc inthe Mines where J might hare 
gathered great riches and wealth, J very well law tbat at one time o another J could fale 
gaine into the danger of that diueliſy Inquilition, and ſo be tripe of all, wich loſſe of lle ile, 
and therefore A mademp choile rather to learne to weane Grogranes and Caffaties, and foro 
pounding witha Silke-weauce, J bound mp Celfe for tige veeres to lerne him, and gaue hunen 
Hundjzed and fifeie Beos to teach me the ſclence, otherwile he would not haue taught mer mort 
deuen peeves prencithip ann by chis meanes Bliued the mode quiet and free from fulpition Dod 
beit A ſhould manytimes be charged bp familiars of that diueliſh houſe, that J had a meaning 


to runne awap into England , anv to be an heretike Lutherane againe: To whom Jod en i 


ſwere that they had no neede to ſuſpect any ſuch thing in mee, fo; chat they knewe allvery well 
chat it was impoldble fd me to elcape by any maner of meanes: pet notinithttanding J un 
called before the Inquiliron, and demaunded why Adid not marries J anſwered that Thao baun 
my lelke at an occupation. Telell laid the Inquilitoꝛ, J knowe thou meaneſt to runne aw end 
therefore A charge chee bere vpon paine of burning es an heretike relapfen , that thou depatt net 


out of this citie no come nere to the port of . Iohn de Vilua, nor to any other pot: To ce RS 
which A anſwered, that A would willingip obey. Nea faio be, (ec thou doe fo and thy fellowes 


allo, thep hall haue the like charge. 


So 7 remained at my ſcience the full time, and learned the Art, at the end whereofthereca RAE 
newes to Mexico chat there were certatne Englichmen landed with a great power at the pon of 


Acapulco, bpon the South lea, and that tbey were comming to Mexico to take the fpoplet 


which waought a marvellous great feare amongſt them. a many of thole that were lch beym te 
chilt ken themlelues, their wiues u thildpen: vpon which burlie burlie the Uicerop cauſib om 


rall muſter to be made of all tze Sopaniards in Mexico, and there were found to bete sunbet 


7000 ann apne houthoibers of Mpanincdsin the citie and {uburbs, and of finglemen bum 


ite number of 3000 and of Meftizoes, which ate counted to be che founes of Spanierd beni 8 
Miles Philips leni 


before the Clicerop, ann were exaniined if we did knoin an Engliſb man 4 — e 
Ww 
11 


Indian women, twenty thouland perlons. and then was Paul Horſe wel ¢ 3 


which was other to Captaine Hawkins : to which we aulwered, that Captaince 


Mile 
had not a 


was now 
Francis L 


were ther 
bred were 
Luys Sua 
lohn Cor 
for captatt 
it was fat 
Corte, Wt 
tors, Ill 
thence, me 
prefentlp ¢ 
| panie with 
— asinterpre 
tertaine if 
barked ken 

ag we coul 
tene oz tv 
lips whic 
oltthe coal 
© landed, our 
| twhilethat: 
Dtake, we 
nie wherein 
dhereok, wh 
| Doethanp tt 
fſtrained to 
neytoward 
5 50 leagues 
Tepiaca 2. 
hill whichc 
| Mexico, fr 
mot ok his 
uen weekes 


faure he had 


tiles Philips, 


ms and Dauid Alex. 
to the white Frier: 
ent toa Ponattery of 
were condemned in, 
vid vſe vs very tous 
ings cleane and nen: 
y millike ok that cruel 
the beſt they tould z 
not let the left hade 
we were condenmed 
chleſe Inquiſitop, any 
Eccleſia Maior, an 
n heretike Luthem 
emned to the gallies, 


ad 
= 
a 


eran reconciled. i 


written, An obstinate 
countrep, and toplace 
ac there was ond thi, 
ake 02 locke atwy,D:. 
atlp after maricd thom 
vol Biskay with 4000 


fe fathers were Sp He 


ell Hath maried, u ln 
our, who had with er 
ed to a Regto ham 
narried: 1 
Uthough many teofs 
A could haue no liking 
se ivolatrie committer, 
pes alonging end nt 
es Where J might have 
nother J Chouls ful 
, with loſle of ilk il, 
Taffaties, and lotion 
ue him, and gauꝛ binn 
haue taught mee mon 
ee from (ulpition hob 
' that J had a meaning 
To whom J would an 
ey knewe all very wel 
notwithſtanding J un 
lwered that Jihad bun 
neſt to runne an, end 
ed, that thou cee 
j anp other pont: 
doe fo and thp flames 


F  Arainedto make faire weather of it. And ſo being landed, p next mozow after, we began our foure 
neytowardes Mexico, and paſt thefe townes ok name in our wap, as firſt the towne of Tuate 
Jo leagues from Mexico, tom thence to Waſhaca, 430 leagues from Mexico: krom thence to . 


| Tepiaca 24 leagues from Mexico, and from thence to Pueblo de los Angeles , where is à high ebenen 


rend whereof therecane I 


eat power atthe porto 
to take the fpople chert, 
e that were rich began a 
ye Uicerop caulida gent, 
ere to beche number 
dof finglemen 

eget Sppaniards vowed 
61 Miles Philips fen 


Francis Drakt, 
. 


fai commeto chetownie of Vera Crffezdiltant From 


Miles Philips. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


2 n ̃ —.. — 
bap not any Mother but one, which was a man of the awe of thyeeſtoze peerts oꝛ the 
twas now gouernour of Plimmouth in England. And then he demanded of vs it 
Francis Drake, and we anſwered, no, 


LAlile theſe things were in doing, there came newes that a 


Luys Suares, two hundzed were ſent to Guatimala in the South lea, who ha 


2 


reabouts, and 
we knewe one 


che Englichmen were gone pet 
were there eight hundred men made out vnder the leaving of feueral Captains, wherof two hun⸗ 


prev were ſent to the port of S. lohn de Vilua vpon the Nozth Sea vnder the conduct of Don 
D for their captaine 
lohn Cortes two hund ed moze were ſent to Guatulco,a port of the South lea, ouer whom went 
fo captaine Don Pedro de Robles, and two hundzed moze were ſent to Acapulco, the port where 
it was fato that Captaine Drake had bene. Ano they had fop Captaine pocto Robles Alcalde de 
Corte, with whom J Miles Philips went ag interpzeter, hauing licence giuen bp the Tnquift- 
tors, (iben we were come to Acapulco, we found that Captaine Drake was departed from 
thence, moze then a moneth before we came thither, But pet our captame Alcalde de Corte there 
prefentlp embarked humſelke in a ſmall ſhip of thꝛeeſcoze tunne op the reabout, hauing allo in com: 
panic with him two other final barkes, and not paſt two hundzed men in all, with whom J went 
asinterppetcrin his olune (hip, which God knoweth was but weake and ill appointed, fo that foꝛ 
tertaine i we had met with Captaine Drake, he might ealily haue taken vs all: Ilie being im⸗ 
barked kept our courſe and ranne Southward towards Panama, keeping ſtill as nighthe ſhoze 
ag we could, and leautig the land vpon our left hand, and hauing coated thus koꝛ the {pace ofeigh⸗ 
teene oz twentie Daves, and being moze to the South then Guatimala, we met at laft with other 
lips which came from Panama, of whom we were certainely infoʒmed that he was cleane gone 
off the coal moꝛe then a moneth bekoze: and ſo we returned backe to Acapulco againe, and there 
lander, dur Captaine being thereunto forcen, becaule his men were very fore ſea- icke: All the 
| twhilethat A was at Sea with them, J was a glad man 0 
Drake,twe fhould all be taken, ſo that then J ſhould haue beene freed out ok that danger and mile. 
ie uuberein Altued, and ſhould returne to mine owne countrey of England againe, But milling 
| thereof, when Ilawe there was no remente but that we mutt needes come on land againe, little 
doeth any man know the ſoꝛow and griefe that inwardly J felt, although outwardly J twas con: 


» for A hopen thatif we met with matter 


PEC, Tuatepec, Wa. 


hill which cattech out fire thꝛee times a day, which hill is 18 leagues in maner directly Tet from e. 


Mexico, fromthence we went to Stapelapa,8 leagues from Mexico, and there our captaine and 
nolt ok his men tooke bo at, and came to Mexico againe, hauing bene foozth about the {pace of ſe⸗ 

uen Weekes oz thereabouts, Dur captaine made repoꝛt to the Cicerop what he had done, and how 
me he had trauelled, and that for certaine he wag inkozmed that captaine Drake was not to be 
bendol. To which the Uicerop replied and fain, Surely we ſhall haue him ſhoztly com 


einto our Tyr pant 


hands dziuen a land though neceſlitie in ſome one place oꝛother, for he being now in thefe 99 05 Wicerep 25 


Sur,tis not pollible ko him to get out of them againe, ſo that he pert not at ſea, yet hunger wil 


ut him to land. And then againe J wag commaͤnded by che Viceroy that J ſhould not depart the 
citie of Mexico, but alwaies be at my maſters houle in a teadineffe at an houres warning, when 
foeuer Achould be called: fo2 that notwichſtanding within one moneth alter certaine Spantarda 
wupto Mecameca, 18 leagues from Mexico, to led away certaine hides and Cochinilla, that 
ch bo there at their Stantias o; dairie houtes, and my maſter having leaue of the Secreta: 

tie fon me to go with them, Jtooke mp iourney with them being Ls 0 hozſed and appointed. 


. 


ad tomming chither and palling the time there at Mecameca cert 


Wome ining faire, J conuepen my delle üg e ſoloz the lpace of two 


ms, fometines in. and fometimes aut, reſting verplitele all S +t 


ur. 


ine Dapes till we had perfect 
| intelligence that the fleete was readie to Depart, I not being palt 3 daies iourney from the pozt of 
lohn de Vllua thought it to be che meeteſt time fo me to make anelfape, and J Was the bol⸗ 
der melinning vr mp Spaniſh tongue, which 7 ſpake as natutalip as anp ok them all, thinking 
With mp felfe,that when Gi came to S. lohn de Vilua, A woulo getta be entertatnen ag a louldl⸗ 
out, ind lo ga home into Spaine in the fame Fleete, and therefore Hae one euening late, the 
8 a igbts and two 
ne, Spon the lecond day at 

t ol S,. lohn de VIlua, uühere the ſhips vers cm di. 


phecied, but 
falleip, 


m S. luan 


Minne e and bere purpoting to rep, Ate a day or td, J was na facner allgh- pint ben. 


within the ſpare ok one halfe boure alter, J 


{pace Wfa bp ülbap arreſted, an byought befoze Ju- va 
* fices there, being taken and fulpecten to be a gentlemans lonne of Mexico, that was runne away 


from 


* * 


— ͤ ÿ—ëà—2—é— —⅜— —— — — 
484. TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, Miles Philips, 


krom his father, who in trueth was the man they foughe kot: So J being arreſted, and brought be. 
fore the Aullices, there was a great hurlp burly about the matter, euery man charging me thary 
was the fonne ol fuch a man dwelling in Mexico, which J flacly denied, affirming that J kneve 
not the mau, pet would they not bele eue me, but urge d Mtl pon me that A was he chat they fougi, 
tog, and (o J was conueten away to ppifon, And as J was thus going co pꝛilon, to the further, 
create of mp aviefe, it chance that at chat verp inltant there was a peoze man in the pꝛelle thy, 
was come to towne to {ell Hennes, who told the Juſtices that they did me Wrong, and that in trp 
he knew very well that J was an Engliſbman and no Spaniard. They then demanded of hig 
how he knew that, and thꝛeatned him that he fain fo ,fop that he was my tompanion, and fought. 
couuey me away from mp father. lo that he alfo was thꝛeatned to be laid in pꝛiſon with me: hein 
the dilcharge ol bimfelfe foo llilly in it, that J was an Engliſyman, ¢ one of captaine Hawkins 
men, and that he had knowen me weare the S. Benito in the Blacke-friers at Mexico, fo ; 0 
whale peres together: which when hep heard, they forlooke him, and began to examine me any, 
whether that {peech ot his were true, yea oz uo, which when they percciurd that J could not dew, 
and perceiuing that J was run from Mexico, ꝶ came thither of purpole to conucp my ſelfe auy 
with the fleete, J was pzeſently committed to prifon with afogrowfull heart, often withingny 
elfe that that man whish knew me han at that time bene further offs howbeit he in fincerineyy 
compattion of my diſtreſled eltate, thinking by his ſpeech, and knowing of me, to haue let mei 
kram that prefent danger which be law ine in: howbeit, contrarp to his expectation, I was chm, 
bp bought ato my ertreme danger, and to the hazard of my life, pet there was no remedy butp; 
tience perfogce, And J was no ſooner bought into prifon, but J had a gr... paire of bolts clapton 
my legs, and thus J remained in that ppifon fog the fpaceof 3 weekes, where were allo may 
ther prifoners which were thither committed koꝛ ſimozy crimes, c tondemned to the gallies. Dy. 
ring which time of impꝛiloument there, J found among thole my pꝛilon· ke Lowes forme that hn 
knowen ine before in Mexico, and truely they had camp alllon of me, ¢ would {pare of theit vice: 
als and any thing els that they had to doe me good:amon gt whom there was one of themthattold 
me that he vnde rſtood by a lecret friend ol his which okten came to the prifon to him, chard hotn 
be (hortly lent backe againe to Mexico bp wagon,(o loone as the fleete was gone From s lohn de 
Vllua, fo Spaine. This poore man my prifon-frllow ok himſelke, ¢ without anp re queſt made tp 
me, cauled his laid friend which came okt en vnto him to the grate ok the pꝛiſon, o ing himpne 
and victuals, to buy ko; him 2 kniurs which had files in their backe s, which files were fo welnnde 
that they would ſerue ¢ lufkice any prifoner to file off his (rong, ¢ of thofe knlues 02 files he byoughe 
one to me e told me that he had cauled it to be made fo me, and let me baue it at that very priceit 
com him, which was 2 Pezos, the value of 8,5, of our mtoucp + which knife when A badit, Jun 
fopfull man, aud conueied che lame into the foote of my boot, vpon the inlide of my lekt leg, ad fo 
within 3 02.4 dapes after that J had thus retetued mp knife, J was luddenly called fop, x brought 
beloze che head Juſtice which cauled thole my irons with the round bolt ko be ſtricken off ud ſent 
toa Smiths in the towne, where was a new patre ok bolts made ready for me of another ation, 


Which bap a broad tron barre camnung betweene the thackles, and cauſed my hands to be me 
kaſt with a patre of manatles, and lo was A pꝛeſently lat intaa wagon All alone, which was there 


teadie to de part with ſund zy other wagong, to the number of 6o, towardes Mexico, andtheyil 
were tat wie ſundzy merchandile which tame in the fleece out of Spaine. 

The wagon that J was in was kozemoſt in all the companie, and as we trauelled J ben. 
lone in the Wagon, began to trie ik J could plucke my hands out ok the manacles, and as Gob 


Bisel aie it were ſomewhat painekull for me pet my handes were ſo liender that J tou 
ünd pue them in agalne, and euer as we went, when the wagon made mott nop, 
bolts, Etranelling thus ko; thelpace 
of 8 leagues from Vera Cruz, we came to an high bill, at tte entring vp of which (as God tout) 
one of the wheeles of the wagon de Aer brake, f 

went afore, and the wagon· man that had charge of me let 8 
the wheele tard here at this place they holted at an hottie chat a Megro- woman keepers: and at 
‘this medi the going pp ol che 


thep doe alates accuttome to take the n 

the vpaturis bp of one wagon, and ld to 
wich care very well to patty: for ae tf 
„ one to dzaw bp their waguns in this to 


egot z 02.4 
one 1 0 and fetch vp others in thatopoet, a 


Mile Philos bs klpping my cime in che vatke ok the evening kde chez ketürned Downe the bill againc, Jen, 
ctcape,  uepeD my Celle ioe oan here m. py, carry fp ip bles ana ales mt af 


— 


Mile. 
bilcuits, ¢ 
buſh, and 
All that ni 
all lauing 


1 


Where 
pott 
an d ( 
and | 
landi 


Dene 

to elce 

and hauing 

s the woot 
was lure t. 
thus going 
molti itaine 
necke, and 
| which were 
und told ther 
te them to 
me that J u 
bfthemto g. 
willinglp die 
Shalapa, w) 
gold that Jh 
6. peꝛos, an 
Frier, one th 
unn, and one 
pbſed me very 
to aduenture 
loge peap hin 
ing me thie 
| Of shace Daves 
gathered ame 
treelp gaue v. 
from Mexico 
From thence J 
towacs, onetil 
bere at this tot 
thitintraait 
bitedtwo Indi 
duke with vs 
and euery nigh 
which weplace 
ith Cares, 
pes thine lil 
potok Caualle 
lengueg and fe 
without either 
u nwhere F fa 
Malers, who z 
= othe lata,tha 
ö bis ſhiy payir 
To Cheto that he! 
bebted, and w 


files Philip. 


a, 
eſted, and brought be. 
ni charging me thary 
firming that J knew 
as he that they fougis 
fon, to the further, 
nan in the pelle tn 
Long, and that in truth 
then demanded of hin 
panion, and fought 
ifon with me: hein 
of captaine Hawhin 
at Mexico, fo} 3 q 
to examine me auen, 
hat J could not deut, 
tonuep my Lelfe au 
art, often wiching 
eit he in ſinceritehn 
ne, to haue let metry 
ectation, J was thir, 
vas no remedybuth 
paire of bolts clapton 
ere were allo many o: 
led to the gallies. Dy. 
e lowes ſome that hay 
lp {pare of theit pict: 
is one of them that toly 
onto him, cha Join 
gone Ero S lobn de 
it anp re queſt made by 
forte ing himune 
files were fo welnde 
lues 02 files he bunt 
e it at that very puceit 
hen Jhadit, June 
e ok my lekt leg, ad fo 
lp called for, x brought 
be ſtricken offen fens 
meok another fa}ion, 
d mp hands to be made 
alone, which wasthere 
s Mexico, and thy il 
le. 

ve trauelled J Ling 1 
nanacles, and as God 
fo fender that J wd 
agon made moft nay, 
ling thus fog thelhace 
which (as Bod woul) 
anes the other wayous 
enter a wopketo mens 
woman Keepes and at 
two lesguc s any better, 
ice them all togtt te 
others in that ond . 
E che Wagoters nen 
d off my bolttd, mid l 
the hill rein 110 
miacles with me eat 
00 1 bilcults, 


| allthat night. Aud thus by the good pꝛouldence of Ami 


| Miles Philips, Tratfiques and Difcoutries, 


bilcuits, and two lmall cheefes, And being come into the woods, I threw 
buth,and then couered them with molle and other things, and then dukte ang feen mate 


tie God, 
all faving the collar that was about mp necke, and lo nite — — N 


Chap. 7. 
Wherein is fhewed how Ieſeaped to Guati po N 
port df Candle, 1 oe 4 te watimala,ypon the South ſea, and from thence tothe 


Be to Boe inlo Spaine, and of our arriuall 
i aii z at Hanan 
and our comming to Spaine,where I was againe like to haue bene con micted pri 4 5 
U one a 


and howthrough the pre 42 eee 
55 5 5 . Bt at merc y ofGod1 efcaped,and came home in fafetie into Eng 


at way to take 
n che lekt hand: 


owne 8 leagues diſtan 
me what ſickelpy. At w 


0 intrey if J could fi 
and aduiſe herein, wich he faithku 
trauaile, but he alſo thin. elfe ke 


ves iourney: fo here 4 
ferue vs o long time; and 


485 


486 


— — — — — , 3 — 
The Engiith Voyages, Nauigations, Miles Philip. Fob 


— ee ee 


Don Pedro de 
QGuiman- 


Auel in the end we grew toappice, that fo 6o. pez os he would cary me into Spaine: aglad may poe 
was J at this good hap, and J quickly folve my hohle, and made my prouifion of hennes and bed to at 
to lerue me in my paſlage; And thus within 2. dapes after we Cer lalle, and neuer ſtayed vntill bt wit 
came to Hauana, which is ditaut from puerto de Cauallos by fea 300. leagues: where we founs to — 
the whole fleete of Spaine, which was bound home from the Indies, And beers J was hire fon an — 
louldier ta ferue in the Admiral fhip of the fame fleece wherein the General himlelt went. Thae pr — 
landed while J was here 4. chips aut of Spaine,being all full of ſoulniers and ozdinance, of which sate — 
number there were 200. men landed here, g 4.q2eat bpatle pietes ol oꝛdinante, although the calle kent 
were before ſufficiently provided: 200. menmoze were ſent to Campeche i tertaine opdinany: HR — um 
200. to Florida with ojdinante: and 100. laſtip to 8. Iohn de VIlua. As fo; ozdinance therery HF Zeus A 
haue Cufficient,anb of the very lame which was ours, which we had in the leſus, and thole others . at witha 
which we had planted in the place, where the Vice-roy betraped I. Hawkins ourgencralashiy . 
bene veclared. The lending of thole louldiers to euerp of chole Ports, and the ſrengthenngel oe 
them, was done by commandement from the king ol Spaine, who w zote allo by tbem to the gen ⸗ tins th : 
ral ol his fleete giving him in charge ſo to doe, as allo diretting him what courſe he ſhould tegen 1 te - 
his comming home into Spaine, t arging him in any hand not to come nigh to the ples of Acores, ¥ and tolo bi 
but to keepe his courſe moze tothe Nozthward, aduertiling him wichal, what number and pong 5 wustogo 
of French (hips of warre,andother, Don Antonio had at tyat time at Tercera, & the plesafyy: i him eon 


laid: which the general ok che fleete wel conſidering, and what great ope ok rit hes he had toting . rserres 
home with him into Spaine, did in ell very duetifully oblerue and obey: fo in trueth he had dt app 
laid fleete 3 7.Carle of chips, and in euerp of hem there was as geod as 30. pipes of ſiluer one uh woncchof 


another, belides great lioꝛe of gold, Cochinilla, ſugars, hides, and Cana Fiſtula, withotherapo- ie” th? 
thecary dzugs. This cur general, who was called Don Pedio de Guzman, did pꝛouidentiyade Me The 
ower foz fob their mot ſtrengeh and delence, ik nee de ſhould be, to the vttermoſt of his power ad N w 


commande d vpon paine of death that neither pallenger nop ſouldier ſhould come abochd thou nia, 
his fod and harque buch. with fot and powder, to the end that they might be the better een ⸗ Re i 
counter the fleete of Don Antonio, if they ſhould hap to meele with them,o2 any of them ud tur < 
asthe weather was kaire, the laid general would bimfelf go aboozd from one ſhip to anorbee ole Hae 
that euery man had his ful pꝛouilion accopding to the commandement giuen. Pet to {pearerruelp 
what Jthinke, two good tall ſhips ok warre would haue made a foule ſpoile among chem, Frrin 
all this fleete there were not any that were ſtrong and warlike appointed, ſauing onip the Amun, 
and Uice-admiral: And againe ouer and belides the weakeneſle and the ilifurmithing of theul, 
they were all lo deeply laden, that they had not bene able (ik they had bene charged) to haut heh 
out any long fight. icl,chus we fet laile, c had a very illpallage home, the weather was ſo ca. 
trarp. Ile kept our courſe in maner Noꝛthealt, and bzougbt our lelues to the height of 2 Anm 
of latituve, to be ure not to meete with Don Antonio his fleete, an were vpon our voyage from lerreg until 
the 4 of June, vntill the roof September, and nener law land till we fell with the Arenas Cor. Toh Hawki 
das harubpS.Lucar. And there was an oꝛder taken that none ſhould goe on ſhoare vnal he had l ofLubeck,t 
cence: as for me, I was knowen by one in the ſhip, who told the Malter that J was mnt ie thee thip of he 
ma, which (as God would it was my good hap to heare: for if J had not heard it, it hadtod me mp Swallow,the 
life, Motwithſtanding. J would not take any knowledge ofit, and ſeemed to be miery ¢ pleatin, cer nin lepar 
chat we were all come fo wel in Cafetp, Pꝛelentlp after, licence came that we ſhould go onto, Mee fovea nit 
and Jpꝛelled to be gone with the firtt: howbeit the Maſter came vnto me, x laid, Sica, you mit ment conten 
got withme to Siuil by water: J knew his meaning well inougb that he meant there to oferme Swallow,anb 
vp as a facrifice to the Holy houte, Foz the ignoꝛant scale of anumber of thele luperülitious Sp.. i ean 
niards is (uch, that they thinke that they haue done God good ſeruice, when they haue brought tke aPorey 
Lutheran heretike to the fire to be burnt: fop (o do they account of vs. Cel, J percciuing ahi, ee 
tooke vpon me not to luſpect anp thing, but was Milk iocund q merp: howbeit, J nem it oom MARE 2 Lccrauel, 
vpon to hift for my felfe, And lo wapting mp time when the Malter was in his cabbin alerpe,d 11. mal 
conueped my elle ſecretly downe by the ſhꝛolwds into the thip boate, and made no Rap but cut the , nee at 
rope wherewitbal (he was moared, and lo bythe cable halen on chope, ubere lepti Can, lt fe“ 0 fad 
the boate goe whither it would. Thus by the belpe of God A efcapen that vop then neuer taped hago out { 
at S. Lucar, but went all nigbt by the way which Z had ſeene other take toward Siuil sfothat th N , mee 
nert mozning J came to Siuil, and fought me out a woꝛkemalter that J might fall to myſcientt 5 He 
which was weauing oltaffataes; and being incertained J tet my elle clole to my wopke amt n 1 from t. 
not foz my like once to ſtirre abzoad fox kcate of being knowen: and being thus at my woßke Wi tre 1 
in 4. dayes after N heardone of mp fellowes lap that he heard there was great inquiry mide fung them ih a, 
Engluchnan tha came home in che flectes what an heretigue Lutheran(quoth J) wagt, we 10 115 


Ailes P bilips, 


iii — — 


of —...——————— 
fob Hortop. Tratfiques and Diſcoueries. 


to Spaine: aglad man to Boo F might knowe bun, ſurelp i would pꝛelent bin co the Do oule. 8 = 
n ok hennes and byeay within doeh dg at mp toopke, ano ffn vy leitete Age pn ebus Sky — 

neuer ſtaped vntill tye to get me new clothes. Aud conti 

ues s where we founr 

tert Jj Was hired for 

U himnfelf went, There 

ND ozdinance, of which 

ice, although the cattle 


„e certaine ordinance; epzaped me therefozetoretucne f 4 

2 ozdinance there rhe Jeane Iihich when J perteiued, witha fopotwful hr art, God knoweth, J tooke ms 1 
reboot 8 pa cre 3 Ano then 3 went to S.Mary p b fi 
insourgeneralashi) i where J put my ſelte to be a fouloierto i which wereb 4 
nd the dtrengthenugt . siorca,ano corning hither tt theena of the Cinidtmas holioapes, I founoeherecwoeagtiy Ye comnts ii 11 
5 Piped 9 foe 7 7 ddr gentrürcheen counteey , which were ready fraighten and Suh inp Lae 
ure de would lepen aer bur fora faire Mind, To the matter oft Cone, which was ol the M froin Maion>, 

bio the plesofAcce:, fe — that J had bene 2, = the Geteteccunceep went J. fou mous 14 
hat 1 05 and pon ie hf 
rgcra, x the plesatoe: ee te of Almighty God i 

dE riches he had to hung  16/peeres ablence; hauing lultained many and ſund zy rent npulles ame ies, 4 rasa 1 

2 in trueth he havin hs | courfe appeareth. A came home to this mp natiue countep of England in theyeere 1 583. inthe g 
pipes 15 J mech ol Febzuary, in the fhip called the Landtet, and arriued at Poole. i 
Fiftula, withotherdyo i N my . : I. 

an, Didprouidentitie ME Ihe trauailes of ob Flortop, which Sir John Flawkins fet on land 160 
rmoſt of his power and 1 


| arture fro 

aman re . Dla in Nueua Sanna, the 8. ot October 568. mthe Hauen of S. Jon 
t regen de bneruelp non without caute (aid Tob the faithfutt l ii 

0 b hy eruant of Bod (who i 
ne ipo make . ee atten Seripruescettvs, ahne vweltin che tans of Hus) chatte ö 
„ | Nele 2 Iorrtan,lidang a Moat cime,tsrepteniqyen with many mileries: N 
le amongtt them, fin 5 i which fome know bp reading of hiltozies, manp bp che view of others calae | 
ee i N 9 dae eee tntity delle, as this prefent Treatile inſuing Miah ae 
ill furniſhing of theul, ASIN Ma 17 f 7 f 
ne charged) to haut heh . nawen anp, that J lob Horcop pouder- maker was 
ee re, krumme age of twelue peeres baouge up in Redriffe 
she beige ets no was tb: Dhucenes Palelle powber-maker, whom 
pa dep gehobage to the Welt Indies, with ebe ri 
ell with the ArenesGore 
on thoare vn he hans 
r that J was in Enghidy 
heard it, it had colt me mp 
ned to be miery ¢ plealan, 
at we ſhould go on ſhont, 
e 
ye meant there to ti pre 
fie Fuperiions Sy aa caPortu : where in the wap wee 
mhenther haun bought turethl. lled tocape Verde. In 
. dene Bland toboben taken a Por- 
wbeit, A hnet it tone apne Bae nb een Por 


e kept our way till we came to Cape Verde, 
stooke aur boates let ſouldlets on ſhoze. Our Generall was the lit t chat if 
him Captaine Dudley: there we tooke certaine Regroes, out not without ied 
es. Fo; dur General, Captalne Dudley, ¢ 8. other of our company were hurt a 
Dithvopfoned arrotnés: about nine Dapes after, the 8. hat were tiounded died. Our general was 
mh bp a Negro, to daw the poyſon out ok bis wound with a cloue okgarlike, wher 


rt, f We tene r bes mant mid f chy he was u reges ns 
Bure, From thence mee went ko Sierts icons, where be monſkrous liches Callen Sbhatkes, which samt yop 
me ius at phe bee men. 3 anti others was (ene in ibe Angell mith eite Pinne into the rluer ts, 
125 inquiry te 8 en 1 1 W and ne cbeketradtag with ie Hegros : wer tooke one penner: 
i 0 0 5. Cal 
n(quath J) was AWM A gu cig nner in p 0 Hp es 


tight time ne had one ok our pitmettes bulged bp alta horte lo hir bur men 
S./ 2. ſwimming 


fo deyart fecretly, lurking till they be pat, chen uppentp ¢ at vnawareß they leaye von — 


. ——ů—K—ß——ů —xßvr²v᷑ . —— a” IT Ras ae — 
88 The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, Fob Horiip. Fob: 
Cwimming about the river, wert all taten into the other pine les, except iwo that tooke hold on v. oute 
of another, and were carted away bp the ſea· hoꝛle. This monſter hath the iui proportion of, nerall fe 

ho ſe, lauing that his legs be * teeth very great, and a ſpan in length: bee vleih in the nigh, remapne 
to goe on land into the woods, eching at vnawares to deubute the Megroes in their cabbins, phere wo 
whom they by their vigtancteprenent, anv kill him in this maner. Che Megroes keepe watch, we requ! 
and diligently attend their comming and when they are gone into the woods hey kozthwith lay, cho ed ag 

great tree ouerthwart the way, ſo that at thett returne, for that their legs be fo ſbozt, they cans and their 

goe ouer it: then the Megroes (et vpon them with their bowes arrowes and darts, and ſo deln — 

them. 200. 

From thence we entred the river callevthe Caflerroes, there there were other Carsuels ur till our & 

ding with the Negroes, and them we tooke, In this Mand betwirt the riuer and the maine, aun the lolle o 

grow with Ditters vpon them. There grow Palmito trees, which bee as bigh as a hips mix dur ſultti 

malt, and on the it tops grow nuts, wine and ople, whith theytall Palmito wine and Palmitont, where by 

The Plancan tree alfo groweth in that countrey; the tree is as bigge as a mans thigh, and ashy) Juthi 

aga firre pole, the leaues thereof be long and oa, and on the top grow the krut which are un went int 
Plantanos: they are crooked, and a tubite long, and as bigge es a mans wniſt, they growe an dounda g 

gers: when they be ripe, they be very good and dalntie to tate: Qugar is not moze deln . dhe porter 

taſte then they be. vered out 
Fromthente with the Angel,che Judith, athe twopinneſles, we lailed to Sierra leona t  Cwallowel 

our General at that time was, who with che capcaines and ſouldiers went vp into the riuer tuin wonverft 

Che tiuer ot Taggatin, to take a towne of the Negroes, where he foundehpec kings of that countrep wich lin tule, head 
D thoukand Negroes beſieging the fame towne, which they could not take in many peeres befoy, and full of 
when they had warre with it. Our General made abzeach, entted, x valiantly tooke thelunt, tonto a da 

wherein were found fiue Poꝛtugals which peelded tbemlelues to his mercy ,. and bee ſuurd that ſtraw me. 

soo. megrors lines: we tooke ¢ caried thence for traffique to the Welt Indies 300. Megroes, Che chee hings way and di 
tunen. dꝛoue Joo. Negroes into p fea at low water, at the point of the land, where they were il mu Fromh 
ned in the Dse,fop that they could not take their tandas to laue chemlelues. Lee returned hut Negroes: 

againe in our pinnelles tothe (hips, and there tooke iu fret water, and mavercadp fapletowarns Conie in h 

Riogunce, Rio rande. At dur tumming thicher we entred withthe Angel ehe Iudich, and the 2. min, taple he ka 
and found there ſeuen Portugal Caruels, which mode great fight with vs. In the ende by Eat age: his co 

helpe wee wonne the victory, and Doue them to the ſhoze, from whence with che Menton Frome 

fled,and ine fetcht the caruets krom the ſhoze intothe river, The next mozning M. Francis Dake haue travel 

with his taruel the Swallow, and the Willlam and lohn tame into the riuer, with captain Dud patna the 

ley and his ſouldiers, who landed being but a hundzed ſouldierg, and fought with fern thoule many gart 

egroes, burned the towne, and returned to our Generall withthe lolſe ok one man. with vs, in 

Inthat place there be many muthe-cats, which breed inhollow trees: the Megroestikethent tloth, to th 

net e put them in a cage x nourich chem very daintiͤp, xtake the mulke from them twithalpoone, Saint oh 

Now we directed our courfefrom Guineatowards the Welt Indies. who was b 

And by the way died Wa ho was th 

In Capling towards the Indies, the land that we eleryed, was the Iland called Dominics, Wherefore f 

where at our comming we ancored,¢ tooke in kteſh water and wood fo2 our prowttion: opich dow, Wort ofS.1 

we ſayled towards the Gland calles Margarita, where our General in delpite of the Spang mm: hotwh 

anthozed landed, x tooke in frefh victuals, A mile off the Aland there is a rocke in che let hn and lane, 
invoebyeeve many fowles like vnto Barnacles ; in the night we went out in our boates amv ties kept wi 

tudgels we killed many ol them, and bought them with many of their eqs aboopd with ts stele con a Spal 

egges be as bigge an Turkies egges, and Ipeckled like them. Cie did cate them and fou ihm whomthe k 

very good meate. f oftruce tanec 

From thence wee ſayled to Burboroata, which ts in the maine land of the Welt Indies: thut the king of 

we came in, moped our (hips and carten two moneths trimming and dzeſling our Chips, anvinthe there fog vic 

meane time traded with cercaine Spanpards ofthat countrey, There our General (entbsonte ie utuals and 

atowue called Placencia, (which ſiood on a high bil) to haue intreated a Bidhop that ome there onthe otf 

fo? bis fauour ¢frienvihip in their lawes, tubo hearing of our comming fog feare fop(ooke h own. lumen, kt 

Placenciain the u dur way vp the bil to Placencia, wee found a monſtrous venemous wonne withtuo beads pe 
mans. his budy was as bigge as a mans arme. and apard long: out matter Robert Barret did cut hunt fhot will tak 
funder with his fwopd, and it made it as blacke as ir it were coloured with puke, F Sonera 

Heere be many Cygers, monſtrous and furious bealls, which by lubtiltie veubute model that hehad f 

many men: they vſe the traden wapes,¢ wil thet themſelues twile oz thꝛile to adele 1 
eee Spa 


Fob Hortop, 


yo that tooke hold one 
pe iuſt proportion of, 
hee vleih in the nigh 
yes in their cabbins, 
leqroes keepe watch 
bey foꝛthwith lap, 
e ſo ſhogt, they Carnot 
wy Darts and ſo deli 


other Cavaucisty 
r and the maine, aun 
bigh as a ſhips many 
ping and Palmitoꝶi, 
tans thigb, and as igh 
e fruit which art cal 
rid, they growe ony 
is not moze delicun 


to Sierra leona unt 
vp into the rier ales 
bet rubato 
in many peeres bifoy, 
dantlp tooke thelumt, 


. Mee returned luce 
we ready Caple towers 


uer, with captaine Dud. 
bt with leuen chou 
of one man. 

he Negroes tief 
tonthem with afpooe, 


Bland called Dominic, 
ur paouition:thich tat, 
delpite of the Spanians 
a rocke in the le ahr 
ut in our boates ano with 
gps abooyD wich on thet 
pate them and foun then 


of the Welt Indies: thert 
Mobil chips, anvinthe 


gur General (emt vento f 


a Bithoy that elch 
fooke tows, 
oy feate 10 ao beat 


bert Barret did cus mu 
ti pike, 


beültie veuoure and dan 


ifeto the tulln m 
* 


. 


a whereby |, y were infojced to trab 


wem the pinmeſle by into the 


4 
5 


a 


4 the king of Spaines Pore; 


bothparts, Dur General bearing a godly and Chrittianmirive, 
mm Sothe Spmpardg to 
cet oe 


—— ei 


Fob Hortop. = 


489 


behind. Dur Ge⸗ 


A — — ee 
Tratfiques and Diſcoueries. 


— — —— eee — 

v uouce there: they gad fo vled t wo ol our commpanp, had not one ol them locked 
nerall ſent three Hips uvnto the Jland called Coraga 

remapned vntill his comming, Hee lent krom then 

where uur anchored before the to un. The Dpaniards thor three pieces at 
we requited with two of ours, and thoccethzouxhihe Gouernours houle: 
cho ned againe without thot ol the towne, where wee rid fluc dayes in de 
mo theilt ihot. In the meane (pace there cane a Caruel of aduule from 8. 
the Angel, and the ludich wee chaten and baue to the thoes : ! 
200. Qpaniarns hargubuſh hot, and anchopen againe before the tow 
till oue Generals comming, who anchorev,lanveo his men, aud vali 

the lolſe of one man, whole name was Thomas 
out fateries our field opdinance: we aue the 


lo molt part of his Negros, 


Yothis riuer we killen a mon pot at lunne let: ſTuen ot vs 


dogs belly, 

er boo zd, and 

Far to came q pꝛeſently 

he plunged and made a 

be was 2 3,foote bp the 

a ſaweer: his taille long 

g ete haue long nailes like 

died his ſkinne, and ſtuffed 1, with 

Hip bin calt away. This monſter will carp as 


traded, and ſold certaine 
towards his caue with a 
uen Foote long: vpon his 
which they fay, doe ſhem his 
wo conles in his bellp. 

ꝛed our Ohippes, and would Cartagena, 

+ wee brought bp the Minion as 

anden in an Wand, where were 

Ne, which wee bzought alway 

let on (hope woollen and linnen 

e by faule weather wee were koꝛced to ſeeke the Wort of 
art ol Campeche we met with a Spaniard, a fmall hip, Campeche, 

got be had in him a Spaniard called Auguſtin de villa nueua, 

trape all the Noble men in the Indies, and tauſed them to be beheaded, 

wheeefone he with two Friers fled to S. Domingo: them we tooke and brought with vs into the 
Pontoks. lohn de VIlua. Our Generall made great account of him, and vled him like a Noble 
Man: hotwbeitin the ende he was one of them that bettaped vs. Ihen wee had moped our thips, 
and landed, wee mounted the Oꝛdinance that wee found there in the Nande, and kor our lake⸗ 
tit kept watch and warde. Che nert dap after wee dilcouered the Spanity fleece, whereof Lu- 
con a Spanpard mas Generall : with him came a Spanpard called Don Martin Henri 
uhomthe king of Spaine lent to be his Vice-rop of the Indies 


He ſent a Pinnelle with a 
ofteuce into our General, to knotwe of what Countrey hole 


Santa Martha. 


many gardens 
with ba, in 


dez, Don Martin de 
Qe ene Fane 
Shippes were that rode there in Dice-rop. 
who lapd, they were che Qutene of Englands ſhips, which came in 
there fog victuals foꝛ their money: therefore il pout Generali will come in here, he Mall giue me 
bittuals and all other netellaries, and J will goe out on the one five of the Bont, and he ſhall come 
mon the other ide. The Spanyard teturnedfoꝛ anſwere, that he was à Uice- rop, and had a thou⸗ 
lumen. therefoze he would come in. Our General ſayd. HE he be a lice-rop, J tepꝛeſent my 
perſon. q A ama Uice- rop as well as he: and ik he haue a thouſand men, my powder and 
hot will cake the better place. Then the Nice · roy after counlell among themſelues, veelded to 


8 Ps Neh ean eating by his Hing and his Crowne, by his commillion and authozity 
ad fro 


m his Ring, that hee would perfozme it, and thereupon pledges were given on 


vopdeok fraude and deceit, lud · 
haue done the like, deliuered to 27 fire gentlemen, not doubting to haus 
5874 


receiued 


490 


Auguſtine de vit- 


la nueua a inoſt 
thankeleſſe 
traptour. 


The Spanish 
vice. abimrall 
fiered. 


Ont ol thoſe 
thiee was lob 
Hortop the res 
pojter hertot. 


Foure Spa⸗ 
nt 
funke, 


TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, Fob Hortop, 


5 TTT 
received the like from them: but the Faithtette Opanpardes in coltly apparell gaue of the batertof 
their tompanp, as afterwardes it was well knowen. Theſe things finiſhed, proclamation wag 
made on both fives, that on payne of death no occalton ſhould be giuen, where by any quatet thoulp 
gram to the breach of the league, and then ihey peaceably entred ihe pore, with great trüunphon 
both fives, 

The Spaniards pꝛelently brought aa great Wulke a hip of fire hundzed , and moded her by the 
five of the Binion, and they tut out ports in their other chips, planting their opdinance towarrs 
vs, in the night they filled the Hulke with men to lay the Minion abo id, as the lequel did the, 
which made our General doubt lul of their dealings: whereloze, fon that he could fpeake the Spr 
niſh tongue, he lent Robert Barret aooyd the Vice- roy, to knowe his meaning in thoſe dealings, 
who willed him with his company to come into him, whom he commanded pꝛeſently to be (erin 
the bilbowes, and kopthwith a Copnet (foz a watchwozd among the falle Sypantards ) was foun 
ned for theenterprifing of their pꝛetendedtreaſon againſt our General, wbom Auguſtine del. 
a nous fitting at diuner with hi  fhouln then pꝛeſently haue killed with a poynado which hee hn 
pꝛiuilp in his lleeue, which was eſpyed and pꝛeuented bp one Iohn Chamberlayne, ho tooke te 
popnado out of his ſleeue. Dur General haſtilp role vp, and commanded him to be put ppifone in 
the Stewards rome, x to be kept with two men. The kaithleſle Spanparvs, thinking all thins 
to their deſire had bene finiched, luddenly ſounded a Trumpet, aud there wich thꝛee hund zer Spx 
niards entred the Minion, whereat our General with a loude and fierce voyte called vnto vs, ay 
ing, God and Saint George, vponthole traiterous biliaines, and reſcue the Spinion , Itrultin 
God the day (halve ours: and with that the Mariners e ſouldiers leapt out of the leſus of Lubeck 
into the Minion, and beat out the Pypanyards , and with a ſhot out of her fiered the Spain 
Uiceadmirall, where the moſt part ol 300, Spanpards were ſpopled, and blowen euer bon 
withpowder. Their Admiral alſo was on fire halfe an houre: we cut our tables, wound off our 
ſhips. and pꝛeſently fought with them: they came vpon vs on every fine, and continued the fighe 
from tenor the locke vntil it was night: they killed all our men that were on ſbode in the And, 
lauing thace, which by lwimming got aboozd the Ieſus ol Lubeck. They ſunke the Oenauz 
{hip called che Angel, and tooke the Swallow: the Bpaniarvs Artnirall han aboue thzeelcore het 
though her: many of his men were (pop! kourg lber af their hips were funke, Chere wee 
in that fleete, and that came from the fhopeto relcu / them kt eene hundzed: we flew ol then 
Hundped and fourtie, as we were credibiy informed bp a note chat came to Mexico, An this lat 
che leſus of Lubeck han fine ſbotte though her mapne Mat: her foze-matt mas Hrooke in um 
der vnder che hounds with achapne Motte, and her bull was wonderfully pearcen with ſbolt, 
therefore it was vnpolſible to bꝛing her away. They (et two of their owne Shippes on fie, i 
tending there with to haue burnt the leſus ot Lubeck, which we prevented by cutting ow tables 
in the halle, and winding off by our ſternekalt. Gy 

The Minion was forced to ſet ſaile and Cand off from vs and come to an anker without hot a 
the Alland. Dur Generall couragioullp cheered vp bis ſouldiers and gunners, and cala - 
muel his page for a cup of Beere, who brought it bim in a liluer cup, and hee dzinkingto men 
willed the gunners to ſtand by their DMadinance luſtilp like men. Ve had no ſooner Cet the cupons 
ol his hand, but a vemy Culue rin hot droke away the cup anda Coopers plane that ftecne bythe 
maine malt, and ranne out on the other fine of the chip weich nothing vilmaid our Generell y le 
tealed not to incourage vo, laing, keare nothiug, ko: God, who hath pꝛeſeruen me krom thut 
will alla deliuer vs from thele traitours and villaines. Then Taptaine Bland meaning to hen 
turned out ol the pozt. had his maine matt ſtroke out booed with a chaineſhot that came from the 
fhore, wherefoze he ankered, fired histhip,tooke his pinnelle wich all his men, and came abooy the 
lefusof Lubekto our General, who laid onto him, that he thought be would not haue runne mur 
from him: be anlwered, that he was not minded to haue run awer from him, but his intent wis 
to haue turned vp, and to haue laid the weathermolt chip of the Spaniſb fleece aboo w. and firen his 
ſhip in hope there wich to haue let on fice the Spanilh fleete, hee laid ik he pan done fo hehannone 
well. Mich this night tame on. Due Generali commanved che Minion, lo fategard of erimatts 
to be bwugbt vnder the leſus of Lubecks lee: be willed M. Francis Drake to conte in toiththe lu. 
dich, and co lap the Minion aboo pd. to take in men and other thing neebekull, and to got dut and 


{she die, 

At night when the wind tame offthe (hore, wee ſet laple, and went out in beſpite of he pr 
nyards and their ſhot, where wee ankered , wich tmo ankers baer the Alland, che wind bein 
Noßtherly, which was wonderful dangerous, and wee feared euerp houre to be dzluen withthe 
let thope, An the end when the wind came larger, we waled anker, and fet fatle, ſeeking the * 


— 


fob I 


of Panuc 
to eate bit 
ride his ci 
fame ſaid 
fterue on 
tboſe that 
matt: fou 
ofvs firey 
tame unte 
ted to leau 
teouſly he! 


ellen there l 
toots,and Gu 

kum came oui 
une dur ge 
as 
12,8 he! 

B With tur Can 
Men with thei 
Panco,tnber 


St 


Colli de ty 
mch bine te 
on tayo 


Fob H. artop, 


gaue of the balettof 
, Proclamation wag 
ebp any quaret ſhould 
vith geeat triumphen 


F fob Hortop. Traffiques, and Difcoueries, 


491 


and mozed her by rhe to goe on forematt, and thole that would tarrie, on bate 


ir opdinance towarrg matt: fourelcoze and firteene of vs were willing to 
s the ſequel did ſhew, ol bs fire patos of Roane cloth and r eee teen Rag euerp one 
duld tpeake the Sp caine bits vs, where friendly imbzacing euerp one of va, he was ateatly grieued aa landed, he spout an pure 
ing im thoſe dealings, FR ceo to leaue ba behind him, he caunſelled vs to lerue God, and to loue one another ac he was fo: tae one 
sprefencly to beſun FR ccoully be gaue bs a(opowful farewell, and pꝛotmiled if Gov fene bim Cafe bome, he hi thus cour: 
pantards ) tons founs he could, that ſo manp of vs as lined ſhould by fome means be bought into En; bad eae What 604 
om Auguſſine dev, fe  Sincempreturnetnto England J haue heard that many milliked that bel 19800 he o he did. 
depend g J bre l ip gut ueber oe 3 bem be mitt heb rewe 
rayne, 8 9 ather hee y 7 K 
e > lus teat be. bab bene dgiuew opan the Glande, which fo2 goin nop 
os, thinking all thins , Aud thus our General departed to his ſbip, and wer . 
chthꝛee hundded Spx; 4 fearing the wild Andians that teteaboutbs, e kept on e ac our (afeties, 
pee called wntors,lay TR marchevanour wap, three and thꝛee ina ranke, vntill that we came into afielbe bnd e 
he Minion, Itruſtin 7 where che Andians came vpon vs, aſking vs what people we were, and hom we „ groue, 
of the leſus of Lubeck : of out company, namely Anthony Goddard, and Iohn Cornith, forthat they c rile Mai 
rfierenthe Spun I rm tongue, went to them, and fain wee were Englſhmen, thacnen 1471 1 d ſpeake the 
no blawen oder um I dea beine and hat te han fcugbt wich che Spaniarns,ano fop that we lacked bi 1 
tables, woundoff un ie nevall {ve b on ſpoze: they aſked vs wyither we intended to goe, we laid to Pan . 
anden e, ke beben un ac manne tec CAs, icine: hen 
if i u pad 3 
; ted 1 hel noc lo Boe, whereupon John Cornith was then Haine with lohn comb 
w aboue thꝛeeſcope thot 
re ſunke. There were 
: we llew of theming 
Mexico. In this igt 


naſt was ſtroche num departed from vs into a 
ty pearcen with lu, i pretently they were taken bythe Indi Gtoue ro feeke reltefe, where 
e 1 ptbe Mane and kript as naked as eier the were boyne, anb {ores 


pd bp cuttings ou cables 


an anker boithout hot of 
mers, and callestoSa- 


: (len 
fingon their — 


hee Drinking toalmen 

no ſooner Let the cupons 

plane that fteane bythe 

aid our Generell iy be 

ſeruen me kromthisſhet 

Bland e 7 — 

elhot that came trom de ut our bodies, to keepe vs from the S 
nen, and came abo poche ulldthere leuen dapes, and leuen — bette 1 P 
uld not have runne uwe twats nd Guiauos,a fruit like figs, 

shim, but his intent wad AAR wenne over vnto vs in a Canow 

leete aboo w, n frais i vtere bur generall was, fo they kn 

e had bone ſo hehm done i nen: wetold them ſeuen dayes 

fon lalegard ofherimits g aal x he was gone away wit 

te to tome in wi the lu 


efull , and to gut out and 


ut in deſpike of the Apr 
Alland, the wind benz 


ſands, 


TJ. ae a nn or aka 
4.92 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Fob Hortop, 


and they be very good ment. There groweth a fruit which the Op 


lands, q haue eaten of them, \ 
npards call Auocottes,tt is poopopttoned like an egge and as blacke as a tole, hauing a Rone mit, 
The mamtfow and it is an excellent good frutt. There allo groweth a dtrange tree wohichthey tall Magueis, it 


Vigo MAEVE ſerueth them to many bles, below by the root they make a hole, wherat they do take out of it tif 
euery day a certaine kind of licour, which they leeth in a great kettle; till the third part be conſu⸗ 
med, e that it ware thick it is as (weet as any honpzand thep do eat it. IAithin 20. dates after thar 
they haue taken al che licour from it, it withereth x they cut it ud wn x vle it as we vſe our hene 
here in England, whtth done, they conuert it to manpvlestok (ome part they make mant les ropes, 
and threcbtof the ends they make needles to low their Caples, pennels er other furniture for their 
hoꝛſes:ꝛok the ret they make tyles to Couer their houles, and they pur it to many other purpolts, 
And thus we tame to Mexic o, which is leuen oz eight miles about, ſeaten in a great ken tnuits. 
ned with 4 hils, it bach but two wayes of entrance, andit is full or crerks in the which in that C 
nowes they palle from place toplate ,x to the Allo ads there within. In the Indies ozdinarüp th 
times à peere bee wonderfull earehquakes, which put the people in great feare and danger: Ne 
ring the time oftwo peeves that J was in Mexico; I law them ſixe times: when they tome hey 
throm downe trees, houles, and Churches. There is a citie 25. leagues from Mexico, cala 
abited with a hund ed thoutany Indtans, they goe in white ſhirts, lini 
Heeches and long mantles, and the women weare about them a garment much Like vntd « fan 
nell petticote. The kings pallace was the firſt place that wee were bzought vnto in Mexico, 
where without we were willed to ſit vowne. Much people, men, women and childꝛen came won 
plamented dur miſery, fone of theit tlergyacked vs if we were Chins, 
we laid, we pꝛaiſed God, we werk as good Chpittians as thep: they al ked how they might kn 
bp our tonkeſlions. From thence we were carried in a Canow to à Tanners foul, 


which ſtande: 
vs, and willen vs to bleſle our felues, and Cay dur pravers in the Latin tongue, that theymight on: 


Mexicor 


The viceroy pr 


cuted vs, wherunto the no 
the hip of aduife brought newes fromthe kine of Spaine, what ſhould be done with vs they 


they could not fino arp thing by vs, whereby they might lawkullp put vs to death. 

The vicerop then commande ps to be lent to an Illand there by, and he fent ko; the Bishop el 
Mexico. who ent foure pꝛieſts to the Bland, to examine and conf elle os, who laid, that the birrroy 
would burne vs, when weer were examined and confelted accopding to the lawes of the tounttey. 
They returned tothe Bichop, and told him that we were very good Cipittians, The Bikhop cer! 
tilienthe viceroy of dur examinations and confeſliong, and laid that wee were good Chitians, 
therefore he would not meddle with vs. Chen the viceroy Cent for our matter R. Battet home 
kept prifoner in his palace, vntill the fleete was departed fo Spayne. The reftofvshefentioa 
towne leuen leagues from Mexico called Tefcuco,to card Wool among the Indian Hawes, which 
dꝛudgerp we dildained and concluded to beet our matters, and fo wee did: whereloze thep lent to 
the vicerop deſiring him for Gods fake and dur Ladies, to lend fo2 vs, fog they would un kurze 
vs any longer, they fain that we were dtuils and no men. 

The vicerop Cent loꝛ vs, and impzifoned vs in ahoule in Mexico, from thence he fen’ Anchony 
Goddard, ft ſome other of our company with him into Spaine, with Lugon, the General that tooke 
pssthe reſtok bs ſtaied in Mexico tivo peres alter, aud then were Cent ppifoners into Spaine, u. 
Don luan de Velaſco de Varre, Admiral ano general of the Opanilh fleet, who catied with bim J 
in his ſhip to be pꝛelented to the K. ot Spaine, the anatomie of a giant, which was ſent ftom Chi- 
nato Mexico,tathevicerap Don Martin Henriquez, to bee ſent to the king of Spainefora 
wonder. It did apneare by the anatomie that he was of a monſtrous lize, the ckull of his head v 
neert as bigge as halle a vuchel his necke- bone g, houlder- plates, arme- bones, andall 
ments of his other partes, were huge and monſtrous to behold, the ſhanke of his legge from 5 
ankle to the knee was as long as from anp mans ankle vp to his walt, and of bigneſle atcondingh, 

At this time. and in this tp, were allo ſentto be pꝛelented to the king ok Spaine, to cyte 
tull ot earth with ginger growing in them, which were allo lent from China. to be ſentts iht * 


kruit which the Opa. 
le, hauing a Rone mit, 
ythep call Magueis t 
v do takte out of it twiſe 
he third part be conty. 
thin 20. dates after thar 
eit as we vſe our hen, 


ther furniture for their 
many other purpotes, 

ed in a great fen nuf 
nthe which in ther c 
e ladies ozvinarilp the 
tfeare and danger: du 
s: when they tome ihey 
ies From Mexico, alley 
e in white Chives, lun 
t much like vnto a fan 
zougbt vnto in Mexico, 
and childzen came ton: 
s ik we were Chyittions, 
ed how they might km 
ow fo a Tanner ponte; 
vo pꝛieſts came thicherts 
gue, that thepmight bn: 
the viceroy, and to hin 
bꝛought vs munch reiete, 
ere cured, and many died, 
on peine of veathwe were 
necellarp bought dien 


R 


S fh is be 


Le ee Ree 


sto be et vp, cohaureres 
ut pꝛayed hum to ap ntl 
done with vs kaytheylad 


he ſent fop the Bh of 
, who laid, that thekuccroy 
the lawes of the counttep, 
nittians, The Bikhop cer 
ee were good Chin, 
matter R. Bartet hum be 
The reof vshe fentioa 


fee Th 


did: wherefore thep ent to 
9 for they would not kethe 


am thente he ent Anthony 


prifoners into Spaine, Ut 


— 3 


—— 


ol Spaine, The ginger runneth in the ground like to liccozas, the blade growout ol 


fob Hortop. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 
( ᷣ VV ̃ ¾—T—TTTT tt, 


ano proponion tke onto the blades of ulld ganlche,tubich ebep cu euerp üfteene vapes, them dle K auth on 


to water them t wile a dap, as we doe our herbes here in England, they put the blades in their pot⸗ 
tage Lare pe 010 other meates, whofe excellent ſauour and taſt is very Deligbtull 
ocuretbagaob apperite, 1 ; 4 921), 
* Chen we were chipped in the Poꝛt ok S. lohn de Vilua, the General called our maſter Ro. 
ben Barrecand bs with him into his cabbin,¢ alked vs if wee would fight againſt Engliſhmen, ik 
we met them a the lea, we faid that we would not fight againſt our Crowne, but if we met with 
anp other, twe would vo what we were able. Me laid it we had fain other wile, he would not haue 
bleleeutd ba, and foz that we ſhould be the better ved, and haue allowance as other men hadꝛand he 
gaue a charge to euerp one ol vs, accozding vnto our knowledge. Robert Batret wag placed with 
the pilote, A was put in the gunners rome, William Cay ſe with the boat- Iwaine, Iohn Beate 
with the quacter-matters, Edu ard Rider ꝶ Geffrey Giles with the oyvinarp mariners, Richard 
the matters bop attended on him and the pilote: (hoptlp after we Departed from the port of S. John 
de neee fleete of Ab » fo2 3 port called 
| hither, Ehere wee came in, ankeren, cooke in kreſh water, and ſtaped 16, dapes fo 
N de Dios, which is the fleet that brings the trealure from Peru, . 4 ae 5 
Che Geuerallok that fleet was called Diego Flores de Valdes. After his comming, when he 
hav matted bis hts both the fleetes ioyned in one, and Don luan de Velaſco de Vaire was the 
fettfifteen dates Gencrall of boch the fleets, who turning thꝛough the chanel of Bahama, his pi⸗ 
lote had like to haue catt away all che fleet vpon the Cape called Cannaueral, which was pꝛeuen⸗ 
ted by me John Hortop . t dur maſter Robert Barret: for J being in the ſecond watch efcricp land, 
and called to Robert Barret, binding bim looke ouer boozd, fo2 J fa land vnder the lee⸗bom of 
| the thipshe called to the boat-Iwaine: g bid him let flie the toze faite ſheat, and lap the heim vpon the 
lee, nd cat the ſbip about. Ilihen we were raſt about, we were but in ſeuen kathome water: we 
thot off a piece, giuing aduice to the fleet to caſt about, and lo they did. Foꝛ this we were belouedok 
> theGencralt,anv all the fleet. Che Generall was in a great rage, and ſwoze by the king, that he 
und bang bis piloces fop be laid: that twiſe befoze he bad almolt catt away the Apmivall, IAben 
tt was dap, he commanded a piece to be thot off, to call to councill: the other Admiral in his ſhip 
aumebp ta him, and afkeo what the matter was, he laid, that bis pilote had caſt away his ſhip and 
althefleet, had it not bene fog two of the Englichmen, and theretoze he would hang him. The 
> other Admirall with manp faire words perſwaded him to the tontrarp. 
| Wbentwecame in the height of Bermudds, we dilcouered a monſter in the lea, who ſhewed him 


8, thep ble of ginger, 


Hauana: wee were 26. dayes ſapling Huna 


elle ther times vnto vs from the middle vpwards, in which parts hee was pꝛopoztioned like a & ra. monſter 


mm, of he cumplection of a Mulato o tawny Andian. Che Generall did canun 
i — 5 ym Le oh id 5 ri 905 es thereof; Pꝛeſentlp after 
1 on oule weather, and then God fi 
i bie se luchtime as we diſcouered the land called Faial. 5 9 ae 
. DnS.lames bay we maderackets, wheeles,anvorher fire-workes,to makepattime n 
ast is theo ver of the Spanpards. Alben we came neere the land, our Hear dal is 
red with us tot ale the pinneſſeone night, when we came onthe Blan called Tergera, to freeout 
belunktumtbe danger and bondage that tue were going into, whereunto we agreed: none had ae 
wpimeſde alterne then but our ſbip, which gaue great courage to our enterpule: we pꝛepared a 
bagge of head, and a Botijo of water, whirb would haue ſerued vs nine dayes, and pꝛouided our 
p ‘cues to goes our Water borcowen a {mall compaite of the Malter gunner of the thip, who lent 
him, but ſuſpected his intent, and clofelp mane the Generall pꝛiup to it, who loꝛa time diſſem⸗ 
ledthe matter. In the ende leeing our pretente,he called R. Barret, commanding his head to bee 
E putin the ſtocks, ann a great pape of ron e reſt of vs to be let in the ſtocks 
Uthe legs. Then he willen a peece to be ſhot off, and hee ent the pinnetle fo the other Admiral, 


bin mballhe captaines matters and pilots of both flertes to come abocjb of him, he commanded che 


which was ſent fram Chie 
pe king of Spaineſhragten 


nun:. pard to be ſrocke dolwne,and to put 2. pullies, on euery pard· arme one; the hangman was 
alao: md we were willed to confelle our ſelues fox he fwore by the king that he — bone vs. 
. Aentbe other Admiral, and the rel were come aboo nd, he called chem into his counſel-cham⸗ 

bernd colo them that be would hang the maſter of the Engliſhmen and alt his company. The An. 
8 mal ote nanie Was Diego Flores de Valdes, Alken hun wherefore s he (apo, that we had de⸗ 

termin to rife in the night with the pinneſſe, and with a ball of fire-wopke to let the dup on fire, 
and foe our wayes: theretoze, Capp he, I will haue you the Captaines, Matters, and wilotes, ta 
(etyour hands onto that, bp Allweare bp the hing chat A will hang them. Diego Flores de Valdes 


anſwered 


aud one of his a man. 


— ——. ee SSS SS = 
2 — — 


— 


— 


——— 


— 


——— — 


os 


N 


tee 


— yea 


bere burned, 


Tob Hortop his 


condeinna⸗ 
tion. 


1590 


1590 


anſwered, I noz the Captaines, M 


vs kat in pꝛiſon, till he rame into Spaine,¢ then fend 
ik we had veleruen death the law would paſſe on vs, 


fleet as that was, fire men 
his (hip againe. 

ACiben he was gone the 
ſhould not dome out orche Mack: 
Vor of S. Lucat, and came vp to th 
vs pꝛiſoners to the Contratation heuſe in Siuill. 
S. Steuens dap at night, 7. 
Humphrey Roberts, and Iohn Gilbert were taken, 
ere we kemalned in the ock till twelfe tide was palt. Then our ket per puc vp a petition 
tation houſe that we might be fent tothe great ppifon boule: in Siuil, in 
hereupon we were prefently ler thither, where we remaiuev one mon) 
he caſtell o the Inquiſition houle in Triana , where wee continued me 
soutin pꝛoceſſion, eue ry one of vs hauing a candle in his ham, 


wh 


the Judge ok the contra 
that we bꝛoke pꝛiſon, w 
and then krom thence, tot 
pere: which expired, they bꝛought v 


and the coate wich S. Andre wes croſſe on our backs 
was let vp in the place ol S. Francis, which is in the 


pyon benches, euerp one in 
and the Clergy on their benches : the 
ſes ther laid, burne thoſe heretikes. 

tovs: after which one talled Breſinia, 


were called, and had fent 
loha Emery to ſerue ſiue peeres 
till foure of clocke inthe afternoone. 


and de liuered to euerp one of 
where we were 
courſe blacke bi 
of courfe tanuas, a ron coat of co 
ers hood: our lodging was on the bare bonds, and banks ofthe Gallies, our heads and beads werk 
hirtt, cold, and Gripes we lacken none, eil our ſeueral ting tried. 
‘gferuen two peeres aboue my Centence , J was ſent backe to 
re hauing put on the coat with d. Andie wes ttoſſe, Au. 
medileſle, where J wore the tout 4. peres, x then upon great uit, 
which Hernando de Soria treaſurer of the kings mint lent mt. 
peres, and until the moneth ol October lat, 
Amade meanes to come away in a ſlie-boat, chat tes laben 
with wines and (alt wich were Flemings goods, the king okSpaines fubiects, Divelliag Siu, 
maried to Spaniſh women, and (woꝛne to their king. 
from S. Lucar,at lea ot the ſoutherntnolt Cape, we met an Enaliſh chip, called the Galeon Dud- 
the Flemming eme out of him, brought 
December tatt patt,1 590. Fromthence A was lent op M. Muns the leutenant 
rs to the N. honczable the Earle of Buller, whe commander his ſcere· 
lung J bad bene out of England, 0 

too my leaue of his don. and cem to Redriffe, 


fhauen euerp month, hunger, t 
And after the time of 12. peeres . foꝛ 
the Jnanilition houſe in Siuill, and the 
lent to the euerlaſtung pꝛilon re 
J bad it taken off for 30. duckets 
whom J ſetued foꝛ it as a unge 7. 
came ſtom Siuill to S.Lucar, where 


ley, wbo took 
land, the 2. day of 
of Poriſmouth, with lette 
tary to take my name and examination, how 
went, whichhe vid. And on Cbuũmas even F 
The Computation of my imptiſonment. 
Iſufferen imppifonment in Mexico two pteres. 


heard our lentence, which 
ten pertes and then to be bought 
dre wes crolſe put on dur backs, and 
fo we were returned krom the ſcalfold From whence we came, 
ence to ſerue in the Galleys eight peeres, 
ld were returned to the benches onthe [taffold, robert hr lie 
Chen we were led againe to the Inquilition boule, from 
whente we were brought, Che next bap in the moꝛnivg Brefinia the treaſurer came thither to b, 
vs his lentenct in npicing. I with the ret were ſent to the Cullirs, 
chained fouse and foure together: euerp mans daily allowance was 2 6,ouncts of 
Chet and water our clothing for the whole pere two thires,cuo pare oftyreches 
urfe cloth one on and lone off anda gomne of heit with afcts 


In the Contratation houle in Siuill one peers, 


The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, fob Horton. 


aſters, and Pilotes wil not ſet our hands to chat, fop hee laid f 
he had bin pꝛiſoner as we mere he would haue done the like himſelke. We counſelled him to herye 


and a bop ſhvuld take the pinnelle, and goe away, and So de returned u 


Generell came tothe maine matt to vs, and Cuore by the king that ut 
Stil we came into Spaineswithin't6,dapes after we tame auer ty 
e Hurcados then he put vs into a pinneſſe in the Locks. and (ny 
From thence after one pere webzake pꝛiſon en 
okour companp elcapen, Robert Batret, A lob Hottop, Iohn Emeric, 


bis degree, and againſt vs on auother ſcaffold ſate all the Jung, 
people wondered, and gaze on vs, ſome pittying burta 
Mhen we had ſit there wo honres, we had a ſermon mne 
ſecretarie to the Inquiſttion, went vp into the pulpu wih 
RobaeBaree she pꝛoreſſe, and called Robert Barret and lohn Gllbert, whom two kamiliars of che Jnqulitnn 
and lohn Ol. pzongbt from the (caffold before the Auoges, where the ſerretarie read the ſentence, which was 
that they ſhould be burnt, and lothey teturned to the ſcaffold, and were burnt. 
Then J Lob Hortop and lohn Bone were talled and brought do che plate, as bekoſe where ue 
was, chat we would goto the Gallies, and there rom at the oares eude 
backe to the Guquilicion houle, to haue che coate tity S, An. 
kromthente to goe to the euerlaſting pꝛiſon remedilele, un AR” 


vs to the Contr at ation houſe in Siuil, where 
for hee would not haue ie laid chat in luch i 


and bought backe to the rontratation oul, 


they bought ds vp on an high Ccaffoln, iht 
chicfe ſtreetol Sꝛuill: there they fet vs donne 


Thomas Marks, ¢ Thoms Ellis 
and Humphrey Robens, md 


eau then J 


In this moneth of October lat,reparting 
me to Portſmouth, where they ſetme on 


ee ee 
e e a ON, 
8 


and wich whom J ; 


ment ¢ 
Dil 


the end o 
is anothe 
that leade 
The ri 
the moun 
| comeout 
then 3. le. 
ułith Can 
turrent u 
pee onto 
amy tude 
the lame a 
ditance fr 
| Woods wh 
ofthep of 
tie, and n 


496 The Engliſn Voyages, &c. T he port of Tecuanapa. 


A litile rom this is the towne of Aioanapa poſleſſed by the heites of Perez Gomez, haung 
in it about 300, Indians of the ſelke fame ſpeach and qualitie. Che countrep is moze fubiece is 
heate then told; pet hath it nere it cold countreys and mountaines. It is diſtant from Xicaiay 
de Touer . leagues, and from the fea 20. lcagies. 

Suchiflahwaca, Dire leagues downeward toward the South is the towne of Suchiſilahuaca onthe ſaid tiutt 
and the inhabitants are vt the ſame {peach and qualities. The countre is more ſublect to bent 
then cold. It is in the charge ol Gonzaluo Fernandez a citizen ol Mexico, and bath abcut 150, 
Indians, and is 15. Leagues didanc from ehe fea, 

88 From this towne vnto the towne ol Ometepec are 6. leagues. The place is very boat, ada 
the lame gouernment, ond is lituate betweene certaine hils one league krom the riuer: he ant hig 

followers haue vnder them about 700. Indians, which ſpeake the Ayacaſtecan, Amufgan, any 

Nic iecan tongues, and this place is from the (ea nine leagues, 

From this towne onto Ihualapa are twogreat leagues: it is in the gouerument of the heir 
of Laurence de Caſtto of the foʒe ſaid temperature, and the people vſe the Cain language, anpare 
of the lite ſtature: and it ſtandeth thꝛee leagues kromthe riuer, and krom the lea ten leagues. 

Thele are the bet townes, and of the belt traffigue chat are pan all this coaſt. The Indiens 
are rich in Cacao and vittuals, and in theſe townes doe the Invians of Niciecan puntipalg 
trade. And in the towne of Ihualapa the chiefe Alguazil ok the pꝛoumce is reſident fo; the nul 

art okthe peere, 
K Moe lowe beneath the riuer of Tlacolula, about a league oꝛ a league and an halfe fon tie 
totone of Omete pec is the towne called Pio, which was wont to be a towne of Tlacolula, mn 
was a frontier towne againſt the Mexicans. There be in it about 50. Indians ok the ancient iy 


Aioanapa. 


Thualapa, 


Niciecan. 


Pioa frontier 
towne againtt 


the Wekleans. habitants ore Grauiel de Chiauez a citizen of Mexico path the goucrnement thercok: itis, Te 


1. "tes from Ihualapa,and 6, kromthe fea, 

Huebuatlan, v ilttle below this is tbe towne of Huchuatlan in the felfe fame gouernement Canding an 

league from the river on certaine high hils: it hath 10. Andiang, and is krom che fea 5 League, 
Aud one league krom this towne ſtands the towne of Cuahucapotla a manſton of Anil o; 

Intla: it hath to the number of 15. Tndiaus; it ſtandeth one league and a halfe from the river, am 

4. leagues from the mouth thereof, 

Caos Asche fountaines oz heads ofthe reſt of che brooks is the towne of Cacatepec being inthegos 
ue rnment of Raphael de Treyo: he and his tenants haue vnder them ſome 700, GndiansofNie 
ciecan: it is from the ſea ſonie 22. lengues. 

Tre rinerat The riler which is called Tlacamama tommeth from the mountains of Aroyaqueand nul. 

Tlacamama, gos, which ate ſome 17. leagues from the fea, There it maketh akozmed riuer, ſo big, chatitisne 
uigable to the lea with canoas and lighters : J ap front a litle below Toliftlahuaca a mantion of 
Xicaian. It is nauigable 8. moneths in the pete, and the other 4. not, becauſe that the fonds of 
the plaines do loke and dꝛink vn the water in (uch wile that there remalneth ſo little, tha teres 
no palſage: howbeit in mall lighters timber map bee bꝛought vowne this riuer one league from 
the place whcre it is cut, vnto the plate that J haue ſpoken of; whereas bigger vellels map bee 
made; £02 nigh vnto that place other books and running waters doe ioyne and mect, which make 
it a maine riuer. It hath nigh vnto it in the mountaines ol Atoyaque, Cacatepec, and Amuſ- 
gos manp woods of pine trees, coꝛk- trees, and okes of great bigneſſe: and sencath thole mouns 
taines in the warme countrey, neere vnto the riuers there is much timber of thoſe lots which A 
mentioncd before to be about the riuer of Ometepec, which may ealilp be cut and carried donne 
vnto Tecuanapa in the time before ſpeciſied. 

This riuer hach likewile townes adtopning to it; the firtt at the foote of the mountaints is the 
1 town of Atoiaque belonging to the king. tothe hetres of Pronetto: their languege is Niciecan, 
olaque. the countrep hoe, the people politique, x it is from che (ca 15. leagueg. It bath about 200. Irin. 

One league krom this towne, and 14. lromthe lea is the towne of Xicaian belonging lt 


Cuahusapotla, 


Xicaian, 
to the king, and tothe heires ol Pronetto. Chepare Niciccan people and verp comely , andin 8 
bot countrey. It hate vy account 300. Indians. There are teſident in it the Uicat and zullttz 
it is from the riner a league and ahalfe. 

Pinotefpans A league from this towne, and 14. from the fea is lituate the manſion ok Pinote pan ſubitcito 


Tututepec, which bath with the manozs ſubiect vnto it 500. Indians. 


Two leagues from the tawne and one from Xicayan, and 13. fram Tecuanapa, and 2 ſtomthe fi | 


Wanze; riuer is the towne of Tlacamama: the people are very comelp aud politique. it ccntsincty font 
100. Indians, and belongethto the king. a 
Moze toward the South s leagues from the riuer, and two from this to wne. and 1 ng, 


⁊oyoqt 
towne o 
ding of 
Tututep 
Tlacoly 
aud may 
tatnes ; { 
oxen it m 
Chir 
bith pice 
Nouiſion 
people cht 
ent foꝛ the 
but any de 
This f 
buld ſhipt 
pote, with 
bout, whic 
Che de 


therewith, 


is Sie e ee 
f Tecuanapa, 


rez Gomez, haung 
rey is moze lubiett i 
diſtant from Xicaian 


huaca onthe ſaid tiuet, 
tore ſublect to hean 
„ and Hath abcut 150, 


lace is very boat, and n 
nthe tiuer: he ant hig 
{tecah, Amul gan, an 


uerument of the {irs 
ſaid language, aude 
e ſeatenſeagues. 

is coaſt. The Pndisng 
k Niciecan puntipal 
B reſident fox the nul 


and an halfe from tte 
tone of Tlacolula, ay 
Abians ok the ancient in 


rement thereok: tu, ie 


ernement fanding ar 
m the fea 5. leagues, 

a manſton of Alk 6 
alfe from the river, am 


‘atepec being inthe gos 
e 700, Indianait Ni. 


f Atoyaque and Amuf. 
iuer, ſo big, that itis nae 
liſtlahuaca a manſion of 
cauſe that the (ands of 
th ſo little, that chereis 
riuer pen 190 1 

igger weflels map bee 
ie meet, which make 
Cacatepec, and Amul 
w beneath thole moune 
ok thoſe forts which J 
cut and carried downe 


the mountaines isthe 
r languege is Niciecan, 
ath about 200, Idi. 
ian belonging inen 
p very comely, and in 4 
t the Uicar and Julies 


k Pinoteſpan {ubicesto 


euanapa, and z ſtomthe 
ue. It centnintth lun 


topne and 1% ng 


Ph aden Giana this relation, hath bene with zeale to ſerur pour exrellentie; who 


The port of T ecuanapa,T raffiques and Difcoueries, 


feaisthe towne talled Pinotefpan del Rey, They are handſom ee 
towne conteineth about 100. Indians like vnto ane, Ther debe —. roy f V 
great quantitte of lalte; fo they haue a lake in which falte groweth vnder the water (a es e a 
pugnaut to nature, that two contraries doe grow and are conferued together) whercousthen dale Bine, 
irmbzeahing it with tanes upon the ground vnder the water, ut they take ft , 
It hath allo the towne of Amulgos, which is in the gouernment of Fernando de Auila which water. 
may be from Tecuanapa 18. leagucg. They ſpeake the Amulgan tongue, Che countrep teh tt 
itſtandeth on the high wap from Nicieca : it hath goo, Indians fe move op lelle 1 
pee are all 5 townes 70 fituate nere this ruuer. : 

Recte buon this riuer are two farmes, the one belonging to Pedro B 1 5 
char maketh this relation unte pour Exckllencie, which nur be feom the ten 90 8 to him 4 
all plane ground. And in this tervitopie there is but one towne called Queſala ſituate bpon 171 5 : | 
uct,and e. leagues from the lea; which in times palt hach beene a great une, and noeh i Quell. it 
thꝛee Indians onelp,and it is from the farmer 3 Ieagueg. e ach but 4 

The mantion boule of Don Mattheo is moze toward the So 
1 Wee eh 1277 with cattell, being 3 
arr ecuanapa, as from the plac . 
but one league. 5 place bere al the catcell ig 


A little below this manſian about 4. lea 


Aud 2. leagues from this garden, and 6. leagues from the ſea ſt 
b ; AID 6. andetht int· Co 
tebe uch 2 ok d oot, dun very rich, fo; br gabe uch Cee an . „4 
„ eake ˖ ö 
in 9 7 55 bey ſpeake the Tlapanecan tongue. This towne hath the lea that way 1 
10 this coaſt from Cuahintlan to Tecuanapa » and the coaſt whi 1 ie 
toalt of much pearle, foz in olde time the Indians gathered much e to Huatulco is a Hande: 
Aud 2. leagues from Cuahintian and 4, from Tecuanapais the gardenof Gamo tthe tien e 15 a 
ee 1 1 ich 10 called Cacahu- Atoyaque, he landes ities, 
bere are the things worthy ok relation from the head. ſpꝛings of thi 
to the ſea: and this foefatn riuer entreth into the riuer of 10 55 05 e Tee 
1 hat tier of Tlacolula ſpzingeth within the boundes of Chilfiztlahuaca ſubiect to rene 
tlahuaca a towne of Suchiftlahuaca, neere which are many mountatnes. This river is nauiga- Meal tf 


lle little m en 2. { 1 { 61 
1 oc 2. leagucs befoꝛe it entreth into heriuer of Ometepec, where it is 3. leagues 


Hard by it is the towne ol Tlacolula abouenamed; and 3,1 i 
Zoyoque an olde manour of Tlapa. The towne of Chilzuishusee fe e eng 
towne of Azoyoque hath moze then 300, Indians. But hecauk 
ding of hips the poumnces of Tapa and Tututepec map ſtand them in 


497 


uch, tanding in a large mountat: 
leagues from the river ; aud ag 
3 and che fea that way is from it 


aine 
05 10 be brought onto the place where it out eet bi wh ver kee men any 


luer to che rode ol O 
7 at the mantion of Don Mattheo, and at the ses that tthe tbe bis Sate nee 
bun the plaines which are betweene thele rivers, contetning a large and voyde countrey ſuſfici⸗ 
1 nthe erecting of 20. manours, being a countrey well furnilhed with water and pattie wi 
Ein mn bn Wan r wenne delcription hereunto annexed. * 
ö mal Ot Lecuanapa being ſeene and viewed, ſeem v commodious £02 to reeumnepe ö 
a bo aba 4 4 0 A ret abumbance ol mountain — dn — one ir uten i 
be ers and with che feruice and bictuals from thetownes therca: Binet ie N 


God to giue the luccelle. 
Tt 


Ne, 
TheEnglifh Voyages, &c. Sir Thomas Pert, 


LON ONE ot 
THE PRINCIPAL VOYAGES OF 


the Engliſh Nation to the Ifles of Trinidad, Margarita, 
Dominica, Defeada,Monferrate, Guadalupe, Martinino, and all the reft of 


the Antilles; As likewiſe to S. Iuan de Puerto rico, to Hiſpaniola, Jamaica and Cuba. 
and alſo to Tema firma, and all along the coaſt and Iſlands therof, euen from Cumana andthe 
Caracos to the neckland of Dariene,and ouer it to the Gulfe of S. Michael and the Ile of 
in the South fea: and further to Cabega Catiua, Nombre de dior, and Denta d- cruxe i to Puery 
Belo,Rio de Chagre, and the Iſle of E/cudo, along the maine of Beragua, to the Cape andGulfe 
ofthe Honduras, to Truxillo, Puerto decanallos, and all other the principall Townes, Iflands 
and harbours ofaccompt within the {aid Gulfe, and vp Rio dolce falling into this Gulfe, 
aboue 30. leagues: As alſo to the Iſle of Cocume/,and to Cape Cotoche,the towne 
of Campeche, and other places vpon the land of /wcatan; and lower 
downeto S. Iuan de Viiua, Vera Crux, Ryo de Panaco, Rio de 
Palmas, cc. within the bay of Mexico: and from thence ö 
to the Ifles of the Tertigas, the port of Hanana, Fe 
the Cape of Florida,and the Gulſe ot A | 
Bahama home wards. a 4 
With the taking, ſacking, ranſoming, or burning of moſt of the 1 cafeb 
principall Cities and townes vpon the coaſts of Tierra firma, Nueua E/pannaand que 
ail the forefaid Iflands ; fince the mofttraiterous burning ofher Maieſties fhipthe /efwofLn fe — ferane 
bec and murcthering of her Subiects in the port of S. swan de Vila, and the laſt general arreft ol bet Or del 
Highneſſe people, wich their ſnips and goods throughout all the dominions of the King Giouan 
of Spaine in the moneth ot lune i $85. Befidesthe manifold and tyrannical 7 darovo 
oppreſſions of the Inquifition inflicted on o ir nation ypon 
mof light and frivolous occafions, ae * 
ora 7 


e of Sir Thomas Per, and Sebaftian Cabot,about theeight I Fe 
yeere of King Henry the eight, which was the yere 1 516. 40 Bra/il,SantoDo f ; if ? 
mingo, and S. Iuan de Puerto rico. the 700 
at learned and painefull writer Rie hard Eden ina certaine Epilleag . Hupani 

71 N bis to the duke ol Northumberland, befogea woꝛke which he rana his ſhipb 

Hae ted out ol Munfler in the peeve 1553, called A treatise of ne India, came un 

282 L} maketh mention of a voyage of vilcouerte vndertake n out of England de Tapia 

7 Alt fie Thomas Pert and Sebaſtian Cabota, about the 8. pere tung the haun 
Henry the eight of famous memorie, imputing the ouerthow thek in che hi 


vnto the cowardiſe and want of ſtomack of the laid Sir Thomas ben, 955 conn 
haue com 


in mauer following, If manly courage, ſaith he,(like vnto that which ba 
hath bene feene & proued in yourGrace,as well in forreine rea, fe Ship (cern, 


as alſo in this our countrey) had not bene wanting in other in theſe our dayes, at ſuch timeas ofs. Gern 
our foueraigne lord of famous memorie king Henry the 8, about the fame ycere of hisraigne, needefull t 
furniſhed and fent out certaine fhippes vnder the gouernance of Seba/tran Cabot yet living that thep 
tho. and one fir Thomas Pert, whofe faint heart was the caufe that the voyage tocke none effeQ;it, In this pla 
ert was Wice I ſay, ſuch manly courage, whereof wee haue ſpoken, had not at that time beene wanting, it beſſell of w 
might happily haue come to paſſe, that that rich treafurie called Peri lara, (which is noue in tis though 
Spaume in che citie of Sui, and ſo named, for that in it is kept the infinite riches brought thie deth Gonſa 
ther from the newfound land of Perw) miglit long fince haue beene in the tower of London, io atouct, pet 
the kings great honour and wealth of this tealme. ereunto that al‘o is to bee referred which ttaffique fo; 
che woꝛſhiplull M. Robert] horne wrote to the ſayde king Henry the 8.tnthe peeve 15 27. yd de puerto r 

ctor Leigh his ambatlapour {ent into Spaine to the Emperour Charles the fift, whole wopocaber 

theſe. Now teſt to be diſcouered the North parts, the which it feemeth vnto me,isonely yout 
highnes charge and dutie, becaufe the ſituntion of this your realme isthereuntoncerelt and and cherues, 


apteſt of all other: and alfo,for that already you haue taken it in hand, And in mine ae : ae at 


7 SUE 
homas Pert, 


Sed 
IES OF 
4 * 

Margarita, 
d all the reft of 
Jamaica and Cubs; 
trom Cumana andthe 
and the Iſle of Peri, 
tade eruxes, to Per 


the Cape and Gulſe 
pall Townes, Iflands 


Si Thomas Pere Tad and Dee 4 
ir Thomas ers. Tra 


ough hithe 


to your grace Mote, Hy 


. is 
: 501 


A ; : Zed, 
concerning the maripen, ſhips 


P. Robert Thorne fap that 

es to bee changed, and the Neue courſes (to the Noꝛth to be belle t 
oe dar ballin Cabor toate be maketh mention, i 

er Zobolttian Cabot were fet foontt 

made towarde Braſill and the South parts. dal de eee 


| Moꝛeouer it ſeemeth tl at Gonfal e 
famous Spanith uniter, alludeth vnto the fa anes 2 15 5 


l i poe voyage in che begumin 3. chapter of 
p into this Gulfe, 19,booke of his generall and natural hiſtoꝛie of the cle I adde agree heey 75 1 1 8 

e,the tou ne about which Richard Eden wuteth that the foꝛclald bopage was begun. The authors wWodes are 1 
1 lower thele, as J linde them traullated into Italian by that excellent and famous man Baptiſta Ramu. 4 
io de ſius. Vel 171. Vn Co ſaro Ingleſe, lotto colore di venire A d. | 
e 


alli volta del Brafil nella coſtiera di 


unſe preſſo la bocca del, porto di questa citta di S.Domenico, & mand) 12 terra il (uo battello pieno di At bial 
gente, & chieſe licentia di potere qus entrare, dicendo che den. 


ſcoprire fe ns venne con dna gran naue 


. 
0 
=. 
7 
= 
2 
2 
2 
= 
> 
2 
= 
* 


in quello inſtante il caſtellano E rancefco d. Tapia fece tirare alla uaus zin tiro 10 pi Vine lee i 
of moft of the caftelb; perche ella fe ne venina diritta al porto. O nando eli Inglefivis 7 7 " 
Vucua E/pannaand quelli del battello rollo in naut. 

s fhip the /efwofLne ’ 
nea Ficieh ches adunque veg gendo come vi era ricenhta, tirò la volea dell? ifola di San 
s of the King Gionanni,c} entrata nel porto di San Germano parlarono gli Ingleſi con quell della terra, & diman- 
rannicall daroro vettouaglie &. fornimenti per la naue, c /i lamentarono di quell di queſta citta eee che ef puso Rien 

non veninano per fare diſpiacere, ma per contratiare, & megotiare con {noi dan, eas we ee 

Hora quinibebbero aleune Vettonaglie , & in compenfaelfi diedero c. Pagarono in cert; fags 7150 
bout the eight eee. Er olf par ions ali volta d & ce done lhcrede, che non gungefers, perche non 

Ene feppe pin none e. This extract importech thug much tn Engliſp, to wit: T hat in the peeve 
t Brafil,Santo bo. 7. n Cuglich Rouer onder the colour of rauclling to difcoucr, came with a great ſhippe vnta 

the parts of Braſil on the coatt of the firme land, and fiom chencc he rolled oueryneo this Jland of 
in a certaine Cpille of Hluſpaniols, and arriued neve vnto the mouth of the hauen of this cttic ofS, Domingo and ſent ie | 
ake which hell his thipboate full of men onfhoare, and demaunded leaue to enter into this hauen, ſaying thal hee i} 
reatile of ne India, tame with marchandiſe to traffique. Wut at that very inſtant the gouernour ok the caſtle Francis it ta 
takin out of England de Tapia caufen ative of oꝛdinance to be ſhot from thecattle at the hip, for the bare in directly with i 10 
ut the 8. pere of King thebaurn, cihen the Englichmen fawe this, they withdꝛcw themlelues out, and thoſe that were 0 
che ouerthzoto thereat inthe hipboat » Sotchemfelues with all fpcedeon ſhipbooꝛd. Quoin trueth the warden of the cae 0 
id Sir Thomas Pen, He committed an ouerfight: top if the thinpe had entred N 


(like vnto that which 
1 in forreine reames, 
yes, at fuch time as 
ne yeere of hisraigne, 
ſtian Cabot yet living 
tooke none effect if, 
ne beene wanting, it 
ia, (w hich is none in 


f into the hanen, the men thercof cduld not 
haue come an lande without leaue both ol the citie and ol thecattle, T ereft 

5 N if * Ore 
hip ſeeing how they were receiued, fapled toward the Ilan 0 raft pa 


i ö dokS. lohn, and entring f 
rege 2 the Enlil) men paicn with thoteak homme gon aD etrng tno the pon 
ee i . 


; 5 : ; Thus farre pꝛocee⸗ 
e riches brought thie Gonfaluo de Ouiedo, who though it pleate him to call the captain of this great Enelith tht 
e tower of London, to tine cet appeareth by the Englithmens one words, chat they came to 2 — an bp thet 
to bee referred which affique fop pewter veſſell aud other wares at the towne of 5. Germaine in the Flan’ ofS, john 
che peeve 1527. bpboe e puerto rico, it cannes hee denied but that they were furnithen with wares for h 

lt, whole wont ber 


mo me, s onely your 
jiereunto neerelt and 
ind in mine opinion it 

will 


ought not tobe pꝛeiudicr bed on. Dowbeit 
aw gatefullenceryifes and honourable rg .. e other mens chargeble 


Te 2 


The 


The Engliſn Voyages, &c. M. lohn Ham / ins. i. 

A briefe note concerning a voyage of one Thomas Tiſon an En. 
gliſu man, made before the yeere i 326 to the Weft Indies & of his abode 
there in maner of afecret factor for ſome Englifh marchants, which vnder hand had 
trade thither in thoſe dayes: taken out of an olde ligier· boo ke of M. Nicolas Thorne 
the elder,a worfhipfull marc hant of Briffo/. 


T aypeareth out ol a certaine note op letter ol remembzance, in the cuſtodie of mee 
a} GSH Richard Hakluyt, wzitten 1526. by matter Nicolas Thorne the elder, a principal 
ee mschant of Briltol, onto his friend and factour Thomas Midnall, and his ſeiuant 
e William Ballard at that time remaining at S. Lucat in Andaluzia: that befoe the 
a Som ſayd peere one Thomas Tifon an Engliſhman had found the way to the Cet in. 
dies and was there reſiwen s vnto whom the aforefapd M. Nicolas Thorne ſent armour and other 
commodities ſpeciſied in the letter afonefapn. This Thomas Tifon (fo fatre as J can contecture) 
may ſeeme to haue ben fone fecret factour fox . Thorne and other Engliſh marchants in thole 
remote partes; wherereby it is pꝛobable that ſome of our marchants had a kinde of trade to the 
Aleſt Indies cuen in thoſe ancient times and beloge alſo: neither doe J {ee any reaſon why ihe 
Spaniards ſhould debarre vs from it at this pꝛeſent. 


The firft voyage of the right worfhipfull and valiant knight 
fir John Hawkins ſometimes treafurer of her Maiefties nauie Roial, made 
to the Weſt Indies 1562. 
After John Haukins hauing made diuers vopages to the Giles of the Cang. 
Ines, and there by his good and vpꝛight dealing being growen in lowe ano ta. 
A bil uour with the people, mfoꝛmed hümlelle amongſt chem by viligent inquiiuon, 
"of che ſtate of the ict India, whereok hee had receiued ſome knowlogedp 
the inſtructions of his father, but mcreafen the fame by the aduer tilments aud 


Sierra Leona 
called Tagatin. 


Che Fes ol 


{i Caycos, 


The 


0 


miftor 
outof | 
fea, he 
Dauid 
who h. 
their m 
of Lon 
her oth 
Thu 
neth, @ 
night a 
Iohn B: 
ten wit 
night, 
doublet 
contrary 
pointed 
Theſm 
the lelu 
lights, 
doeth {I 
with the 
land of! 
to ſhewt 
agatme, t 
ther pref 
Ther 
certame p 
had no im 
kins bpon 
dapes tog 


dhe powde 


and cherer 
at her ſtert 
holvers, the 

The 2c 
ung nowe 


F profperong 


The fort 
which they 
the ating 
kept on her 
they parted 
couriehauin 
ing not able 

bent roome 


: Hawkins, 


is Tifon an En. 
& of his abode 
hich vnder hand had 
M. Nicolas Thorne 


in the cuſtodie of mee 
the elder, a principal 
inall, and his ſeiuant 
luzia: that befone the 
way to the Get In. 
ent armour and other 
as J can coniecune) 
ch marchants in thole 
kinde of trade to the 
e anp reaſon why the 


valiant knight 
lauie Roial, made 


he Files of the Cans. 
yrowen in lour and fa- 
IY diligeut inquſſuon, 
d ſome knotwlogebp 
che aduer tilments aud 
lars aſſured, that Ne. 
| that ſtoꝛe of Negros 
ake irtall thereof, ub 
nely With Sir Lonell 
ter, M. Bromfielu ,a 
eral contributers and 
imme diatly prow: 
ukins hunſelle went ag 
Captaine M, Thomas 
iter fey pli d the Cap: 
100. men, for feare of 
mmonly ſubiett. 
n the moneth of Octo⸗ 
iendly intertainem eu 
ace by the people ofthe 
is poſleſlion, partly by 
the leaſt, beſides other 
ur the Ocean ſea vnte 
ee had realonablt vtte⸗ 
king the Spaniards no 
om the port of Iiabella 
his quard:from hence 
Ja, aud the lat place of 
number of his Negros: 
finerchandife, that bet 
ne que ntitie of pearles, 


ies, which heelint us 
nor out by ihe Flands of 


ri voyage toibe Clit 
pe afopelyde abuent 


The 


M.Fobn Hawkins 2. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 


Aſter pe 5 kins 8 the leſus of Lubek 
man a thipp of 140. the Tiger a barke of 30. and 
beuug all well furniſhed with men to the wünler ol Ae 0 


out of Plym mouth the 1 8. day of October, in the peert of our Loyd 1564. w 


fea, he met the fame day with the Minion a thip of the Que 
Dauid Carlet, and alſo her conſozt the John en Londen 


their meeting: which done, 


her other contort, 


remained fiue dayes, and 


doeth che caft about: Af the weather bee extreme, that the ſmall ſhippes cannot keepecompani 


dapes together, aud at lalt by nultoztune of five (through tl » Rept campanie two 
he negli ˖ 

the powder in che gumers roome was fet on ſi e, which with the Grn Oi troche oe 

4 lol thace men, befives many fone burned ( which efcapen by th dreh: 

0 tre) and immediatly, to the great lolle of the owners, and molt horrible light tothe be 

3 8 
1 he moneth M. Hawkins with his confortg and e ie ini 

mung nowe both che bigaudines at her merne, waped ate, anb etal ondbetrvepage he 
＋ 


The fourth of ouember they had light of the Jland of Ma , 
1 8 Chong to haue beene the Cant 0 that e 5 0 
teal 1 Teneriffe, and were not: but the Minion being thꝛee o foure leagues ahead ol 15 
eis bla courte to Teneriffe, hauing better ſight thereok thon the other had, and by that meaneg 
snare beeen Seaton eh ea 
; er Nand. which hee thought to bee Tener . 
on r of the forge vpon the hils to diſcerne the 3 7 5 pet to fetch pee 

the moꝛning, being the ſeuenth e which as yet hee could not vif. 
417 kerne, 


clocke in the 
mpanie of the 


ten wich a tonne. The 23 day the Swallow to his no mall reioycin fag ar 
: E AY 
night, 10. leagues to the Moꝛthward of Ca pe Finifter, he 1 te n a bung ablers 


The 25,the wind continuing 


fe conpanie, and come in ſight 
loue one ano⸗ 


a ſhippe of 700, and the Salo. 
30, tunnes, 


tenne, as allo with ordinance and victuall requiſite fo ſuch e 


a profperous winde: at which departing, in cutti lou en 
milton une happened to one of the officers in the 7 5 niko by theta deste flane 
our or hand, being afopowfull begunung to them all. And after their letting out ten leagues * 


Nes Maieſtie, whereok was Captaine 


being bo Zuine a! ini 
who hailed one the other alter the cuſteme of the fea with certaine — . oe 


the Minion dtparted from him tofeeke { 
) er ot ö 
of London, which was afterne out of fight, leaaung in M, Hawkins 2 oe 


2 


pointed all the Matters of his ſhippes an oꝛder for the keeping of ood con. pant 8 vi 
The ſmall ſhippes to bee alwayes ahead and aweather ofthe Tele am tolpeake titrate 


lights, then (hall all he thippes ſpeake with her: Ik there bee three lights adi ae a long bopage, 


1 deadfun 


inte 
5170 bance bn 


the lohn Bap. 
tiſt, and the 
Metline hound 


Good orders 
fo. a fleete in 


— — —— — 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. MA. Iohn Hawkins», 


— —̃ ñ— 
cerne, but layled along the coatt the ſpace of two houres, to perceiue fome certaine marke of Tene, 

Abe e ot title, and found no likelyhood thereot at all, accompting that to bee, as it was in di de. the Fie of 
Hanes Valmes: and io fapling forwards, elpied another J land called Gomera, and allo Teneriffe, with 
Tenevifle, the which hee made, and layling all night, came in the moꝛming the next day to the port ol Adecia, 
where he found his pinnelle which had departed from him the fire of the moneth, being in the wey, 

ther ol him, and efppmng the pike of Teneriffe all a high, bare thicher. At his arrival fomiyhy: 

before hee came to anker, hee hoplen out his ſbippes pinneſle rowing a fhoare, intending to haun 

ſent oue with a letter to Peter de ponte, one of the gouernours of the Jind, who dwelt a league 

from the ſhoare: but as hee pretended to haue landed, ſuddenly there appeared vpon the two pointy 

of the roade, men leuelling of baſes and hargucbuzes to them, with divers others to the num 

ber of loureſcoze, with halberds, pikes, [woꝛdes and targets, which happened ſo contrary to his ti 

pectation, that it did greatly amaze him, aud the moe, becaule hee was no we in their danger, no 

knowing well howe to auopde it without ſome miſchiefe. Ciberefoe hee determined to call 

chem fon the better appealing of the matter, declaring bis name, and pꝛolelling himſelte to bee an 

eſpetiall friend ta Peter de ponte, and that he had ſundzy thuigs ſoz hun which be greatly oefire, 

Aud in che meane time, while hee was thus talking with them, whereby hee made them to holde 

their hands, hee willed the marriners to rowe awap, fo that at laſt he gat out of their danger: un 

then afking for Peter de ponte, one of his ſonnes being Sennor Nicolas de Ponte, came font}, 

whom bee perceiung, defired to put his men alide, and hee himſelle would leape athoare, any 

conmnme with him, which they did: fo that after communication had betweene them ol ſuudy 

things, and of the feare they both had. matter Hawkins deſired to haue certaine neceNaries pro, 

bev for hun. In the meane fpace, while theſe things were pꝛouiding, bee trimmed the maine meg 

of the leſus which in the ſtoꝛme aloʒeſayd was ſpꝛung: here he ſoiourned 7. dayes, retreſhing him: 

dane C.. elle and his men. In the which time Peter de ponte Diwelling at S. Cruz, a ci@e 20. Leagues off, 
came to him, and gaue him as gentle intertainment as if he had bene his owuc bꝛolher. To iprake 

apm che lomewhat of thele J lands being callen in olde time Infula fortunatæ, by the meancs ot thefomi. 
commaditus ſhing thereof, the fruitfulneſſe of them docth ſurely exceede farre all other that J haue hendol ifoy 
dium they make wine better then any in Spaine, thep haue grapes of luch bignelle, that they mybie 
compared to damſons, and in taſte infertour to none: for ſugar, fuckets, raiſins of the Summe aud 

many other fruits, abundance: fo rofine raw filke, there is great fone, they want neuher tant, 

pullets, cattell, nop pet wilde foule: they haue many Camels alſo, which being poung, are tank 

the people for victuals, and being alde, they are bith foy carxage of necellaries: whole peperne 

is as hee is taught to kneele at the taking of his loade, and vnlading againe: his nature is lo n 

gender backward contrary to other beaſtes: of vnderſtanding very good, but ol ſhepe viry dec 

med, with a little bellic, long miſſhapen legges, and feete verp bꝛoad of fleſh, without a hooft, ul 

whole, fauing the great toe, a backe bearing vp like a molchill a large and thin necke, wich ile 

head, with a bunch of hard fleſh, which nature hath giuen him in his bycatt to leane vpon, Chis 

beattliueth hardly, aud is contented with ſtrawe and ſtubble, but of force Arong, being well able 

to carrie oo. weight. In one of theſe lands called Fierro, there is by the ripoꝛts of theinhabi: 

tants, a certaine tree that rainech continuallp, by the mopping whereof the inhabitants and cat: 

tell are ſatilũcd with water, for other water haue they none in all the land. And it rameth inſuch 

abundance, that it were incredible vnto a man to belecue ſuch a vertue to bee in a tree, butiti¢ 

knowen to be a diuine matter, and a thing oꝛdeined by God, at whole power therein wee oughtuot 

to maruell, fecing he did by his pꝛouidence as we read in the Scriptures, when the childen of Ie 

rael were going into the land of pꝛomiſe, feede them with Manna trom heaui u op the ſpatt of o. 

Cttes moꝝ : peeres. Ok the trees afozeſaid wee ſaw in Guinie manp being of great height, dropping continu: 
— in ally, but not fo abundantly as the other, becauſe the leaues are narrower, and are like the leans 
ofa peare tree, About theſe Jlands are certaine flicting Nandg, which haue beene oftentimes 

feene, and when men appꝛoched neere them, they vaniſhed: as the uke hath bene ol thele Jlunds 

nowe knowen by the report of the inhabitants, which were not found of long time one afturtheo⸗ 

ther: and cherefone it fhould ſeeme hee is not pet borne to whom God hath appopnted the fading 

te vine ot ok them. In this Nland of Teneriffe there is a hill called The Pike, becaule it is piked, which is in 
Tense, heigth by their reports twentie leagues, hatung both winter and ſummer abundance of {nowe in 
the top of it: this Pike may bee feene in a cleere Dap fiftie leagues off, but it ſyt weh as though it 

were a blacke cloude a great heigitz i che emen. F haue Heard of none to be compared wüh his 
in heigth, but in the Indias J haue ſeene many and in mp iudgt ment not inferiour to the Pike, and 

ſo the Spaniards wnite, 

The 15. ol Moueniber at night we departe from Teneriffe, and the 20, of n 


6o tun 
with afi 
boats: b 
the hone 
weekes, 
fellowes, 
fro,foptu 
were ino 
was luch 
fented at! 
came aly 
them ther 
be had la 
The 8 
haze, wet 
catrarſes, 
laden wit 
ftroke ther 
boates, we 
an there! 
fled in ſuch 
tillthep car 
wich their 
buses to th 
thereof : k 
it was mot 


— — 
7 Hawkins», 


—= 
tame marke of Lene. 
as in di de, the Ile of 
ND alfo Teneriffe wih 
to the port of Adecu, 
neth, being in the we 
his ax riuall fomcwhy: 
are, lntending to haus 
d, Who Dwele a league 
td vpon the two pointy 
ers others to the num 
d ſo contrary to higer, 
we in their Danger, nnn 
e Determined to cal 
Ting humſelte to bee ay 
hich he greatly defirey, 
ee made them to holde 
t ol heir danger: ayy 
de Ponte, came fonth, 
uld leape athoare, inp 
werne them of lun 
laune necellarirs prow, 
rimmed the maine mel 
dapes, retrething hin. 
a cite 20. leagues off, 
me bꝛocher. Toipeake 
he meanes of theo 
Jat J haue hea of fo, 
lle, that they may bit 
fing of the Sunne and 
hey want neither cet, 
ing poung, are catcnof 
ries: V hole ppirtie 
ne: his nature is ton, 
but ol ſhepe very delcz 
fh, without aloof, al 
thin necke, with lte 
E to leane vpon, This 
ürong, being well able 
Je re poꝛts of theinhabi: 
He inhabitants and cat: 
„And it ramech inſuch 
bee in a tree, butitig 
r therein wee dughluot 
vhen the childzen of Ff: 
ul u, lo the {paccof ao. 
ight, dropping contin 
and ave like the leaurs 
haue beene oftentunes 
ich bene ol theſe Jlands 
ng time one altiriheo⸗ 
h appopnted the finding 
e it is piked which is in 
abundance of {nowe in 
it ſbt wich es though it 
5 be temparrd wüh cn 
fericur to the Pike, and 


20, of che lame wee had 
fight 


M.lobn Ham ins. 2. Traffiques,and Diſcoueries. $03 


32ßFͤ — ——. —— ae 
tot ten Caraucls, that were lichung at ſea, with whome we would haue (poken „ Cape deias 
. eb tebe rp Cape de las Barbas, poken, but they fea Fie a 

The twentieth the Hips pinneſle with two men inher fapling by the hip was ouertin 
the ouerlight of them that went in ber, the winde being fo pe Art were Ph 
the thip had talt about for them, the was dꝛiuen halle a league to leewary of the pinneſle, and had 
loft fight of her, ſo that there was mall hope of recoucrie, had not Gods belpe and the Captaineg 
peligence bene. who hauing wel marked which way the pinnelle was bp the sine, appointed 2 
of che lultiet rowers in the great boate, to rowe to the wind. wardes . and fo recoucred,contiarp to 
ul mens expectatiaus, both he pinnelle and the men litting vpon the keele of her, 

Che 25 be came to Cape Blanco, which is vpon the coaſt al Africa, and a place where the Cape Blanca 
Portugals do ride, that hth there in the moneth of Nouember eſpectaſſp, and is a very good place 
of thing, fo sed oe and Dogge lich. In chis place the Poztugals haue no holde foz 
their delence but haue reſcue of the Baibarians, whom they entertatne as their ſouldiers, fo) the 
tune ot their being there and for their liſhing vpon chat coal ol Africa, doe pap a certaine tubute 
tothe king of the Moores. The people ol that part of Africa are tawnie, hauung long haire with ⸗ 
out ey apparell, ſauing befoze their pꝛiuie members, Their Weapons in warres are bowes and 
Frwes. 

The 26 we departed from S. Auis Baye wichin Cape Blanco, where we retreſhed or ſelues cave verde 
wich fith, and other neteſlartes: aud the 29 wee came to Cape Verde, whichliech in Ig degrees, 114 degrees, 
and a halte. Chele people are all blacke, and are called Negros, without ap apparell, laumg ber 
fore their pꝛiulties: ok ature goodly men, and well liking by realonok their food, which palleth 
allother Gupneans for kine, goats pullin, rile, fruits, and hth, Pere wee tooke fithes with heaves 
like conies , and teeth nothing varying of a tollp thickeneſle, but not patt a foote long, and is not ta 
be taten without flaping 02 cutting off his head. To fpeake lome hat of the ſundꝛy fortes of theſe 
Guyneans: the people of Cape Verde are called Leophares, anv counted the goodlieſt men of Leoben, 
allother,fauing the Congoes, Whlch do inhabite on this fine the cape de Buena Ef peranęa. Theſe telottes. 
Leophares haue warres againtt the leloffes, which are bonderers by them: their weapons are 
bowes and arrowes targets, and (hort daggers varts allo, but harping from ocher Megros: fo 
whereas the other vle along dart to light with in their hands, they carp ſiue op fire ſmall ones a 

peece, which they calt with. Theſe men allo are moze tiulll then amp other, becaule of their dayly 
trallicke wich the Frenchmen, and are of nature very gentle and louing: for while we were there, The tratticke 
Wwetodkeina Frenchman, who was one ofthe 19 that going to Pralle, ina Barkeof Diepe, of Aa ae 
Sotunnes, ann being a ſea boczd of Cape Verde, 200 leagues, the plankes of their Varke Vaude. ' 
with a ſea bꝛake out vpon them lo luddenly, that much a doe they had to taue theinſelues in their 
boats: but bp Gods pioudence, the wind being ietterlp which is rarely ſeene there, they got to 
the ſhoze, to the Ille Brava, amd in great pemiie gotte to Cape Verde, where they remained ſixe 
lucekes,and had meate and dꝛiuke of the lame people. The lald Frenchman hauing fozlaken his 
fellowes, which were three leagues off from the thore, and wandꝛing with the Negros too and 
ro fatuned to come to the waters ſide: and communing with certame of his countrcpmen, which 
were in our thip,bp thetr perſwalions tame away with vs : hue his entertainement among tt them 
twas (uch, that he velicen it not: but though the im ate aueſt of his Countreymen, cons 
ſented at the laſt. Pere we taped but one night. art of the day: forthe 7 of December wer 
came away, in that pretending to haue taker Negros there perforce, the Mynions men gaue 
them there to vnde rſtand of our comming and our pretence, wherefore they did auopde the {nares 
ve had layd fo) them. 
The 8 of December wee ankered by a mall Ilan called Alcatearfa, whereinat our going a 
Hone, we found nothing but ſea· birds we call them Ganets, but by the Poꝛtugals called Al- Alcatratfes og 
Catrarles,toho fo) chat caufe gaue the fain Jann the fame name. Verein halte of our baxtes were 
laden with yong and olde fowle who nat being vſer to the light of men, flew ſo about ve. that we 
tote them downe wich poles. In this place the two Hippesriving, che two Barke, with their i 
boates, went into an Illand of the Sapies, called La Formio, to ſee tf they could take any of hem, The Spies 
aid therelanven roche number of So in armour, and eſpping tertaine made to them. but hey 
lie in ſuch onder into the woods, that it booted them not to kollow: fo going on their way foꝛward 
tilchey came to ariuer which they could not palle ouer. they eſpied on the othy rlide de nen, who 
with their bowes and atrumes nat terribly at them. MAhereupon we diſcharged certaine hargue⸗ 
buzen to chem againe but che ignozant people wayed it not, becaufe they knew? not the danger 
: but vled a marueiluus crying in their fight with leaping and turning their tayles. that 
it wa moſt ſtrange to ſee, and gaue vo great plealure to beholde chem. Ae ihe laſt, one being hurt 
f with 


= 


Rio grande 


Whe Idols 


fhe Fland 
talled Sambula 
The Samboſes. 


Sepics 


Che samboſes 
man · caters 


The Sepies bu: 
| rie their dead 
with golde. 


Che Canoas 
of Affrica 


ö i Che forme of 
thir cownes, 


‘i The Manfalesa. sta n 


neon toute oF 
| telwne-pow'e, 


The Englith Voyages, &c. M. John Hawkins, 
with a harquebuz vpon the thigh, looked vpon his wound and wiſt not howe it came, becaute hee 
could not ſee the pellet. Here Maſter Hawkins perceuung no good to be dont amongſt th. m be⸗ 
cauſe we could not finde their townes, and allo noc knowing how to goe into Rio grande, fo want 
of a Pilote, which was the very occafion ol our comming thither: and finding fo many ſpolcs fea. 
red with our great ſhips to goe in, and therefore Departed on our pretended way to the Idols, 
The 10 o December. we had a Noꝛthealt winde, with raine and ttoyme, which weather cop, 
tinuing two vapes together, was the octaſion that the Salomon, and Tygre loſte our compa: 
nie: fon whereas the lefus and pinneticankered at one of the Iſlands called Sambula, the twellth 
dap, the Salomon and Tygre came not thither till the 14. In this Iſland we ſtaytd certaine Dates, 
going euery day on fhore to take the Inhabitants, with burning and {poiling their townes, who 
before were Sapies, and were conquercd by the Sambofes, Jababitants beyond Sierra Leona, 
Theſe Samboſes had inhabited there three yeres before our comming thither, and in fo {hore ſpate 
haue fo planten the ground, that they had great plentie of Mil, Nile, Rootes, Bompions, putin, 
goates, of finall frye died. euery houſe full of the Countrey fruite planted by Gods pꝛouidente ag 
Palmito trees, fruites like dates, and ſundzy other in no place in all chat Countery io aboundant⸗ 
lv. whereby they liued moꝛe deliciouſip then other. Thele inhabitants haue diuerſe of the S 
ples, which they tooke in the warres as their flaues, whome onely they kept to till the grou, 
in that they neither haue the knowledge thereof, nop pet will wozke themſelues, of whome tee 
tooke many in that place, but of the Sambofes none at all, fo they flen into the maine. All heSam- 
bofes haue white teeth as we haue, farre vnlike to the Supics which doe inhabite about Rio gan. 
de, to; their teeth are all filed, which they doe ſoz a bꝛauerie, to ſet out themlelues, and doe ugge 
their fleſh, both legges, armes, and bodies, as woꝛkemanlike as a Jerkinmaker with vs pinketh 
à ierkin. Theſe Sapies be moe cinill then the Samboſes: fo whereas the Sambotes lite mot by 
the ſpoile of ther entmies, both in taking their victuals, and eating them allo, The Sapies doe 
not eate mans fleſh, vnleſſe in the warre they be dꝛiuen by netellitie thereunto, which they haue 
not vled. but by the example of the Samboſes, but liue onely with fruites, and tattell, whereof they 
haue great Kore. This plentic is the occalion that the Sapies deſire not watre, except they bether: 
vnto pꝛouoked by the inualions of the Samboſes, whertas the Sambofes ſoꝛ want of toode ate in 
forced thereunto, and therefoze are not woont onely to take them that they kill, but ello hetpe 
thole that they take. vntill fuch time as they want meate, and then they kal them. There is lo as 
nother occation that prouoketh the Sambofes to warre againſt the Sapies, which is for coucteut: 
nes of their riches, Foz whereas the Sapies haue an oꝛder to burie their did in certaine places 
appomted for that puipole, with their golde about them, the Samboſes digge vp the ground, to 
haue the fame trealure: for the Sambofes haue not the like ſtoze of golde that the Saptes haut. Jn 
this Illand of Sambula we fowis sauut 30 boates called Almadyes, oꝛ Canoas, which are made 
ol one peece of wood. digged out like a trough, but of a good pꝛt poztion, being about 8 patds 
long. and one in bꝛeadth, hauing abeak-Head and a ſterne very proportionably made, and an the 
out fine artificially carutd, and painted red and blewe : they are able to cary twenty op thirty men, 
but they are about the coaſt able to carp thyceſtoze and vyward. In theſe canoas they towe ſtan · 
ding vprught, with an oare ſomewhat longer then a man, the ende whereof is made aboutthe 
hneadth and length of a mans hand, ol the largeſt oye, They row very wilt, and in ſome of them 
foure rowers and one to ſteere make as much way, as a paire of oares in the Thames ol Loncon. 
Chew Towuen are pꝛetily diuided with a maine ſireete at the entring in, that goceh choytugh 
their Towne, aud another ouerthwart ſireet, which maketh their townes crofie wapes: then hou: 
fes are builtin in a ranke very oꝛdeily in the face of the fireet,and they are made roumd, like adour 
cote, wich Rakes fet full of Palmito leaues. inftead of a wall: they are not much morethenats 
thome large, and two ol heigth x thatched with Palmito leaues very clofe other ſome with ere, 
and ouer the roole thereof, fo the better garniſhing of the lame, there is a round bundle okteldt, 
pꝛetily contriued like alouer: inthe inner part they make a loft of ttickes, whereupon they lay 
all their prouifion of victuals: a place they reſerue at their enterante for the kitchin, and the place 
they lie in is deulded with certaine mattes artificially made with the rine of Palmito trees: there 
bediteades are of finall ſtaues layd along, and rayſed a foote from the ground vpon whichis layde 
a matte, and another vpon them when they lilt: for other couering they haue none. In the middle 
of the towne there is a houſe larger and higher then the other, but in forme alike, adiorning unto 
the which here is a place made ol loure good Gancions of woede, and a round rcole uct tf, he 
grounde allo raiſed round with claye a foote high. vpon the which Aoore were ſlrawed many fur 
mats: this is the Con ultation houſe, the like whereof is in all Townes, ag the Portugals af: 
firme : in which place, when they lite in Counſell the Ring oꝛ Ceplaine ſtieih in che moe, 
and 


m m the 
mon Lente 
taken wit 
They cor 


wile, wh 
trie: bi 
do his ow 
ſes there i 
colour of 
Suapies a 
bk pon pe 
battels th 
1 of pron, th 
dhe pon l 
hen loꝛ ar 
cqcheere his 
pimſelke it 
ds they ler 
bee heard 
hey them 
uwe ſome 
ok Decem 
| as be coul 
Barkes th 
on fhore, t. 
Tygres m 
Fellowes | 
| defiren hie 
who being 
E ftbly being 
ung him t 
his Pomp. 
| bee after 
naked, 
The to 
| Barkes, ar 
the two thi, 
the fiue and 
with Negr 
The 7, 
Bymba,bet 
F {othat there 
that ik hee 
wich the wl 
bee of fo l 
being thereu 
4 latent, wher 
fay before tl 
bis meu in 
their gudes 
boat after bo 
one oꝛtwo in 
lame, in the 


Sin soap cet 
n Hawkins. 
e it came, betauſe hee 
one amongſt th m be⸗ 
Rio grande, ſoꝛ want 
ig fo many fholes fra: 
wap to the Idols, 
„ Which weather con, 
gre loſte our compa. 
Sambula, the twellth 
taped certain daies, 
ag their townes, ho 
beyond Sierra Leons, 
er, and in fo {hort (pare 
„ Vompions, Vulln, 
v Gods pꝛouidence ag 
unterp io aboundant⸗ 
ue diuerſe of ihe S 
ept to till the ground, 
elues, of whome tre 
he maine. All the sam. 
abite about Rio gn. 
lelues, and doe iagge 
taker with vs pinketh 
sambotes liue mottby 
allo, The Sapies doe 
into, which they haue 
d cattell,whercof they 
re, except they be ther: 
2 want of foode are in: 
ep kill, but allo keepe 
hem. There is alo a: 
which is for courteous: 
did in certaine places 
ge vp the ground, to 
at the Sa pies haut. u 
moas, which are made 
1, being about 8 yards 
bly made, and on the 
twenty op thirty men, 
canoas they toe ſtan 
reof is made about the 
t, and in ſome of them 
e Thames ol London. 
n, that gocih thorough 
olſe waycs: their hou: 
ade round, like adoues 
t much more then all 
other ſome wich ere, 
round bundle okterde, 
„ Whereupon they lay 
kitchin, and the place 
Palmito trets: their 
d, vpon whichis layne 
e none. In the middle 
‘alike, adior ning into 
und reofe oucr it, the 
ere ſlrawed many fine 
as the Portugals af: 
e ſtieih in the ye 


—— — 


15 
a 7 
4 


\Vi,lohn Hampfins. 2. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


18 


2 venemous 
Cucumber. 


ö 6 hereok wee Idoles tike 
uwe ſome like vnto deuils. In this Illand akozelapde wee fotourned vnto the one and twentieth denis, 
el Derember, where hauing taken certaine Negros, and alnnich of their fruites, riſe, and mill, it 
ds we could well cary away, ( whereot there was {uch tore, that wee might haue laden one of our i 
| Barkes therewith) wee departed, anv at our departure diuers of our men being deſirous to goe 
on fone, to fetch Pompions, which hauing pꝛocued, they found tu ber very good, certaine of the 
Tygres men weut allo, amongſt the which there was a Carpenter, a yong man, who with his 
kellowes hauing fet many and carped them Doone to their boates, as they were ready to depart, 
| defied his fellow to tarp while he might goe vp to fetch a few which he had layed by foꝛ him lelfe, The ertreme 
who being mode ltconous then circumfpert, went vp without weapon and as he went vp atone, pol ont dee 
ſibly being marked of the Negros that were vpon the trees, efpping hun what hee did, percea⸗ companie. il 
ung him to be alone, and without weapon, dogged him, and kuding him occupyed in binding 161 
his Ponpions together, came behinde him, ouerthꝛowing him and ſtraight cutte his thzoate, as f 


1 
hie alterwarves was found by his fellowes, who came to the plate fo hun, and there found him 4 ik 
: naked. es | 5 
The two and twentieth the Captaine went into the River, called Callowſa, with the two fi 
Barkes, and the lohns Pinnelle, and the Salomons boate, leauing at anker in the Niuers mouth . td i) wei 


the two ſhippes, che River being twenty leagues in, where the Poztugals roade: hee came thither 
bot fue and twentieth, and dilpatched his bulimeſle, and fo returned with two Carauels, loapen 
with Regras. 
The, che Captaine was aduertiſrd by the Poꝛtugals of a towne of the Megros called 
Bymba, being in the way as they returned, where was not onely great quantitie of golde, but al: Che Cowon 
pbdthat there were not aboue fortic men, and an hundzed women and childzen in the Towne, fo 2m 
chat if hee would gine the aduenture vpon the lame, hee might gette an hundzeth flaucs: 
wich the which tydings hee being gladde, becauſe the Poztugals thoulde not thinke him to 
bee of fo baſe a courage, but that hee nuit glue them that, and greater attempts: and 
being thereunto allo the more pꝛouoked with the pꝛoſperous ſucceſle hee had in other Wands ad⸗ 
tacent, where be had put them all to flight, and taken in one boate twentie together determined to 
ay before the Towne three o foure houres, to {ee what hee could doe: and thereupon pꝛepared 
bis men in armour and Weapon together, to the number of fortie men well appointed, hauing to 
their quines cercaine otugals,in a boat,who bieught forte of them to their death: wer landing Westgate nor 
boat alter boat, and divers of our men {catering themfelues, contrary to the Captaines will, bp 
oncortwoin a company, fo che hope that they had to linde golde in their houſes tanſacking the 8 1 
fame, in the mene time che Megros cam: vpon them, and hurte many being thus 7 — in t 
whereas 


506 


panions did, to gur, ch 
ouctthow to 40 of them, and being Dptuen downe to take their boates, were follewe 5 hee 
to 
beeing 
chen ve 
that ſome with great hurt recouered their boates; otherfome not able to recouer the fame, top chen to 
the water, and periſhed by meanes of the daze. CUhile this wae doing, the Captaine Who tui who ne 
aDofen men, went though the totune,teturned, finding 200 Jegros ar the waters fide, thoo which 
at them in the boates, and cutting them in pieces which were Drowned in the water, at whole called | 
comming chey ranne all away: lo he entred his boates,and before he could put off from the tine it wast 
they returned againe, and thot very fiercely and hurt diuers ol them. Thus wee returned br (es whe 
lome what diſcomtoꝛted although the Captaine in a lingular wile 4 — ie 
lo other 
Fot, u. 
g gottrnh are diu 
M. Field Caps OUL going ten Negros, and loſt ſeuen of our beſt men, whereof Field Captaine of the 910. 4 Illand, 
sted Bas mon, was one, and we had 27 of our men hurt. In the fame houre while this was doing, there cutte the 
" Happened at the fame inſtant, a marueilous nuratle to them in the ſhippes, who road ten Leagues ty tm. Ch 
ſea· ward, by many tharkes oz Tiburons, who came about the ſhips: among which one was lo, can 
by the lelus, andfoure by the Salomon, aud one very fore hurt eicaped: and fo it fellout aan (une fon 
men. whereok one of the leſus men, and foure of the Salomons were killed, and the fift hung uc had n 
twentie wounds, was reſcued, and ſcaped with much adee, hane bent 
The 28 they tame to their Nips, the leſus, and the Salomon, and the 30 departed run: ee . : 
1 to Taggarin. 
ie rite of The firtt of January the two barkeg, and both the boates loꝛſocke the ſhips, and went into z dalle the 
Catares, riuuer called the Caflerroes,anb the 6 haulng diſpatched their bulneſle, the wo barkes returnep, nedbp th 
aim came to Taggarin where the tio fips were at anker, Not two paves after the comming o the pay 
the two ſhiys thither they put their water cal ke a Poze, and filled it with water, to {talon the him any ti 
fame, thinking to haue fillcy it with kreſh water afterward : and while their men were lomem gane wir 
loge, and fome at their boates, the Negros let vpon them in the boates, and hurt diuersof hi, a 
and came tothe cal kes, and cut of the hoopes of twelue buts, which tot vs 402 5 dayes tine, be ie 00 
{ides great want we had ok the ſame: e Soe at Taggarin, the Swallow went vp thertuer a: 5 : 
bout her tratficke, where they law great kownes of che Negros, and Canoag, that had chreſche ae 1 * 
men in a piece: there they vnderſtood by the Poztugals of a great battell betweene them of Sierra : fee ' 
# net attautt Leona fide, and them of Taggarin: they of Sierra Leona, had pꝛepared the hundzed Cancasto 5 10 aft 
gros Ne. inuade the other, The tine was appointed not paſt fire dapes after our departure ftom thence, fe Towne. ; 
Hreat totwnes which we would haue ſeeue, to th | en ſome of them j 4 1 
make halt away. page ng 
Checontagi: The 18 of Januarie at night, wee departed krom Taggarin, being bound fop the c ddeſt Indies Rev 
on of the cau before which departure certaine of the Sꝛlomons men went on ſhoꝛe to fill water in the night, and Derepe 
Leoos, as they came on ſhoꝛe with their boat being ready ta leape on land, one of them elpied an Regt ve were d 
in a white coate, ſtanding vpon a rocke, being ready to haut receiued thé when they came onto, called Cum 
haulng in fight of his fellowes allo eight op nine, fome in oue place leaping out, and fome inane: whom hene 
ther, but they hid themſelues ftr citer, an 
pointed hin 
ting, and e 
ban thipye 
could. to take ſome of vs, partly for hat kinde of people we were that had 1 
f ſpoiltd his people at the Idols, whereof he had newes before our comming, and as Judge allo, eate whereo 
fig, Tersomangos Lyon other octaſions pꝛouoked by the Tan gomangos, but ſure we were that che armic was come Gil then by 
Downe, by meanes that in the euening wee fan ſuch a monte ots five made by the watring plat, | while gl 
that before was not leene, which fire is the onely marke fo the Tangomangosto know where 5 
their armie is alwayes. Ik thele men had come downe in the euening, they had done vs great dil. ups caret 
pleaſure, top that mee were on Chore filling water: but God, who worketh all things fo; the bel, apine-apple, 
would not haue it ſo, and by hun we efcapen without danger, his name be pꝛayltd fo? it. 


The 


nn 
n fHawkinsy, 


— — 
impantons did, to giye 
were followed to hardy 
ür boates, that not on, 
hatter bp meancs thy t 
ere ſuddenly lo fer y 
recouer the fame, lockt 
the Captaine who ty 
the waters ſide yop 
d in che water, at int 
Ib put off from they, 
pus wee returned her 
er carted bimtelte, iy 
) the death of hig 
n in pieces fo2 it done ty 
t againſt him noꝛ taken: 
men: hauing cotter 
d Captaine of the 50. 
le this was doing, there 
who road ten leaguesty 
ung which, one wag take, 
: and fo it fell out of up 
led, and the fitt baung 


30 Departed fromibency 


e ſhips, and went inte g 
he two barkes returnep, 
es after the comming of 
ich water, to ſcalon the 
ete men were fomeon 
and hurt diuers of them, 
8 402 5 Dapes time, be. 
OW went vp theriuer a: 
oas, that had threeltere 
etweene them of Sierra 
nee hundzed Canoag to 
departure from thence, 
n, had it not bene foy the 
place, which mare vs o 


nd for the Zick Indies, 
water in the night, anv 
them elpicd an Jeno 
gen they came onthore, 
out, and ſome in ano. 
g they had bene a great 
ould, departed to char 
1,48 (hen was in deede, 
ho had traffickeo with 
made all che power hee 
ople we wert that had 
, and as J iudge allo, 
at che arnne was come 
bp the watring place, 
ngosto know where 
had done vs griat dil 
Le for the bell, 
id foꝛ it. 
3 The 


AA. lohn Ham ins. 2. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


The 29 of this lame moneth we beparted with all our ſhippes from Sierra Leona, towardes 
the edel Indies, aud fop the {pace ok eighteene dayeg, we were becalmed, hauing nowe and then 
, contrary windes, and ſome Ternavos amongſt the ſame calme, which happened to vs very ill, 
beeing but realonably watered, for lo great a companie of Negros, and our ſelues, which pin⸗ 
cched us all, and that which was wort, put vs in (uch feare that manp neuer thought to haue rea⸗ 

ched to the Indies, without great death of Negros, and ot themlelues: but the Aumightie God, 
who neuer {uffereth his elect to periſh, ſent vs the firteenthof Febzuarie, the oꝛdinary Brite, 
lich is the IRopthwetk winde, which neuer lelt vs, till wee came to an Illand of the Canpbalg, 
(llled Dominica, where wee arriucn the ninch ol March, vpon a Saturday: and becauſe pommes 
tt was the mot delolate place in all the J land, we could ſee no Canpbals, but ome ok their hous Aland. 

ſeds where they dwelled, and as it ſhould leeme koꝛſooke the place for want of freſh water, for 

| wee could finde none there but raime water, and {uch as fell from the hilles, and remained aga 
puddle in the dale, whcreot wee filled {ez our ꝛegros. The Canybals of that Iſland, and als 
bo others abiacent are the mot de perate war riers lhat are in the Indies, by the Spaniardes re⸗ 
5 port, who are neuer able to conquer them, and they are moleſted by them nat a little, when they 
| are piven to water there inany of thoſe J ſlands: ol very late, not two moneths pait, in the fap n 
Illand, a Carauel being dꝛiuen to water, was in the night ſette vpon by the inhabitants, who 
utte their cable in the haller, whereby they were dꝛinen a ſhoze, and ſo taken by them, and ea. 
un. The greene Dpagon of Newhauen, whereof was Captaine one Bontemps, in Marche 
ld, came to one ok thole Aſlauds, called Granada, and being dꝛiuen to water, could not doe the 

lane fo, the Canpbals, who fought with him verp delperatly two dapes. Foz our part alſo, if 
vehad not lighted vpan the vefertett place in all that Bland, wee could not haue miſſed, but ſhould 
ame bene greatly troubled by them, by all the Spaniards r. pots, who make them deuils in re. 


ſpectol me. 


the fopee they could. In this 


Tun, notwwithtanding wat wee were not within foure leagues of the Cowne, yet were 
| they ſo aktaid, chat not onely the Gouernour bimfcife, but allo all che inhabitants foꝛſooke their 
Tone, aſſembling all the Audiang to them and Alen into the mountaines, as wee were partly 


ſawe the experience our ſelues, by ſome ok the Indians comming to ſee vs 


uho by dace Spaniarns a hoplebacke palling hard by vs, went Into the Indians, hauing eue · 
w one ofthen their bowes, and arrowes, pꝛocuring them away, who befoe were conuer ſant 


wich vs. 


called Cumana, 


thom hedemanded teatficke,but chey made him anlwere, cher were but louldiers newely come santa Fe 


6 pointed bin a place two leagues olf, calle Santa Fe, where we found marueilous goodly wa⸗ 
i rag conunodious fop the taking in thercol: for that the freth water came into the Sea. and 


out ippeshan abo the bone twentie fahame water. Neere about this place, inhabited 
arne Nins, who che next day after we came thither, came down to vs, pzelenting mill and 
cakes ufbcane, tobich chey hav made of a kine of cone called Bats, in bigneſſe of a peaſe, the 


denewhereok is much like to a tealell, but a ſpame in length. hauing thereon anumber of graneg. 
4 Alta hep thauehe nowe te ue Hennes 


Potatoes and Buies, which we bought to beades pewter 
glaſſes, kuiues, and other trifles. 

Chele Botatoes be the mot delicate rootes that may be eaten, and doe fate exceed our paſſe⸗ 
neps 0 earets. Their pines be of the bignes of two fitts, the outlive whereof is of the making of 
pine. apple, but it is (oft like che unde ola Cutomber and che inlide eateth lite an apyle, but it ts 


mops 


Seeding cricit, 


1 called Margarita, where wee were entertay⸗ 34 
nod by the Ale alde, and had both Becues and ſheepe giuen vs, fop the rekreſhing of our men: but 4 
che Gouernour al the Wann, would neither come to ſpeake with dur Captaine, neither yet giue 


* 1 We 


‘ 
12 


os The Engliſſi Voyages, &c. MA. John Hawkins 


anoof Tara halung cucty one of them boch men and women, baire all blacke, and no other colour, the wenn 


fina, wearing the fame hanging downe to their ſyoulders, andthe men rounded, and without beat 
neither men noꝛ women {uffering any haire to growe in any part of their body, but dayly pull 
olf as it grower), They goe all naked, the men couering no part of their body but their vald, by, 
on the which they weare a gourd oz piece of cane, made fat with a thrid about their lopnes Jeay 


vncouered, ſauing with a cloth which they weare a hand bꝛeath, where with they couer their hun 
ties both befope and behind. Theſe people be very ſmall feeders, for trauelling they CAL but thy 
28 ot ſmall bottels ol gourdes, wherein they put in one the iuice of Sorrell whercof chey haur gern 
fore, aud in the other flowre of their Matz, which being moilt, they cate, taking ſometime of the 
other. Thele men carp euery man his bowe and arrowes, twhercof ſome arrowes are pollong 
for warres, which they keepe in a Cane together, which Cane is of the bigneſſe of amang amt, 


whereof we law not once nop twiſe, but daylx for the time we taried there, for they are fo {000 er, 
Mrmone of , chers that the Spaniards fop feare thereof arme themſelues and their hoꝛſeg with quilted cuz 
zwo ehen ol two ynches thicke, and leaue no piace of their body open to their enemies, ſauing ther gs 
1 7 15 aking which they may ne hide, and pet oftentimes are they hit in that fo ſmall a ſcantling: then pon: 
of their poilon. ſon is of fuch a force, that a :nan being ſtricken therewith vyeth within foure and ewentic hotwers 
as the Sopaniards do affirme, x in my iudgement it is like there can be no ſironger poplonasiiy 
make it, ling thereunto apples which are verp faire and red of colour, but are a rong poplin, 
with the which together with venemous ats, Cipers, Adders and other {erpents, they makea 
medley, and herewith anoint the lame. 
Chemaners = The Indian women delight not when they are pong in bearing of chien, becauſe it maketh 
4 — them haue hanging bꝛraſtes which they account to bee great defo ming in them and bpon that o¢: 
cafion while they bee pong , they deſtroy their ſeede, layiug. that it is fitteſt for olde women, 
Poꝛcouer, when they are delivered of childe, they goe Uraight to wathe chemfelues, without 
making any further ceremonie fo? it, not lying in bed as our women doe. The beds which thy 
haue are made of Goflopine cotton, and wrought artificially of diuers colours, which they capa: 


women. The people be ſurely gentle and tractable and ſuch as deſire to liue peaceably, orelshay 
it bene vnpollible tor the Spaniards to haue conquered them as they did, and the moe to lur nov 
peaceably they being fo many in number, and the Spaniards lo few. 


Terug. land, and the J ſland called Tortuga avery lowe I ſland, in the peere of our Lore God one thou: 
ande fic hundgcd firtic fine afopefaide,and ſayled along the coatt untill the fiutt of April aruhich 


on fhore, and ſome alſo in their Canoag, which made tokens vnto him ol friendthip ano thewe 
dim golde, meaning thereby that they would trafficke for wares, TAhereupon he ſtaytd to (ee the 
maners of them. and fo fo two oz chace trifles they gaue ſuch things as thep had about ihm nd 
departed: but che Caribes were very impoztunate to haue them come on (hore, which ifit had net 
dene for want of wares to trafficke with them, he would not haue denyed them, becaule the Am 
ans which we ſaw before were very gentle people, and luch as do no man hurt. But as God would 
haute it, hee wanted that thing, which if hee had had, would haue bene his confuſion: for thelt 
were no luch kinde of people as wee tooke them to bee, but more deulliſh a thouland partes 
and are caters and dtuourers of any man they can catch, as it was afterwards declared vnto v m 
Burboroata,bp a Carauel comming out of Spaine with certaine fouldiers, and a Captaine ge: 
nerall ſent by the king fo, thole Cattward parts of the Indians, who ſayling along in bispimelir, 
as our Captaine did tu deſcry the coaſt, was by the Caribes called a fhoore with ſunmy tokens 
mare to him of friendſhiype, and golde ſhewed as though they deſired trafficke, with the which 
the Spaniard being mooued, luſpecting no deceite at all, went athore among them: who 
; was no fooner a hoe, but with foure oz fine more was taken, the reſt of his company being inua- 
T rde cruris of ded by them, ſaued themlelues by flight, but they that were taken, pated their ranfomne with then 
chen ſnares: they ave bloobluckers both of Spaniards, Andiaus and all chat light in chew laps, 
not {paring their own countreymen tt tbey can conurniently come bp them. Their policie in igh 

with the Spaniards is marueilous: for they chuſe fop their refuge the mountaines and twoodes 

where the Spantards with their hoples cannot follow them, and ik they fortune to be met 2 


rit 


* — — d ' 4 ‘ WOR reer — 
The be gm sore delicious then any ſweet apple ſugred. Theſe Indians being of colour tawnie like an Diy 


the other parts of their members vncouered, whereof they take no ſhame. The women alſo u 


other ſome with bꝛoad heaves ol iron wherewith they ſtricke fiſh in the water: the erperiny Ff 


bout with chem when they trauell and making the fame falt to two trees lie therein they nacher ‘ 


eve Alt From hence we departed che eight and rwentie. andihe next day we paſſed betwene the main Me 


time the Captaine faplen along in the Jeſus pinneſſe to diſcerne the coatt,and Catv many Canbes ‘ 


ine Carles. Lues «md wereppefently eaten. And this is their mactite ta toll wich thelr Felde the femme W 


Dwellers 
tie Negr 
to nothin 
ing patt, 
none can 
not what 
anſwere! 
E anv for th 
them. T. 
offinall p. 
asfoone a 
into the m 
mum fetch! 
hot agree 
thep went 
Gence, that 
principals 
that be yan 
ing nowe h 
mooued hii 


= $$$ 
bn Hawkins... 


rere 
our tawnie like an Diy 
other colour, the weng 
ded, and without ben 

tit body, but dayly pull 
body but their parp, jy, 
bout their lopnes teay 


e. The women alm Me 


ich they couer their py, 
elling they cary but typ 
wheecof hep haue grey 
taking ſometime of ty 
ne arrowes are poi om 
bignelle of a mans amt 


pe water: the erperiny | 


e, for they are ſo goon i. 
ales wich quilted curx 
mies, ſauing their tyes 
lla ſcantling: ther yop 
ure and twentit habn, 
o ſtronger poplonas yy 
but are a trong Porton, 
yer ferpents, they makea 


den, becauſe it maker 
n them and bpon that ol⸗ 
fitteſt for olde women, 
he themſelues, withoyr 
e. The beds which thy 
lourg, which they tapas 


Mie therein they any their | 


liue peaceably, tha 
and the more tollem 


paſled betwene the maine 
ur Lorde God one thou: 
he Git of Apull at which 


t, and ſaw many Canbes 1 


of friendthip, and thewen 
eupon be flapcd to ee the 
thep had about ihm 
at ſhoze, which if it had not 
them, betaule the Ju 
pis confuſion: for thee 
ulliſh a thouſand partes 
pats declared vnto bs at 
erg, and aCaptaine ge: 
ing along in his pimelle, 
Dore with ſund p tokens 
rafficke, with the which 
ne amongſt ro wha 
is company being tnua- 
their rer then 
eir golde the ignezent u 
that light in their laps, 
m. Their policie in fight 


e- 
fortune to be met in 
plane 


j M. John Hamſ int. 2. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


222!!! ² ³ ne eee ee ee 
. * eect 3 | ig se 4 


= ig coats 


Pee ee ae 


mooued hun “ereuntofctng by ete wophing he do m poffödlir vo hauehisticence, 
a 


0 


i — i 

plaine where one hozleman may ouer-runne 100. ok them, they baue a deuiſe of late yʒactiſed bp 
them to pitch ſtakes ol wood in the ground, and alfo {mail iron pikes to miſchiefe their hoꝛſes, 
wherein they Mew themſelues politique warriers. They haue more abundance of golde then all 
the Spaniards haue, and liue vpon the mountaines where the Pines are in ſuch number, that the 
Spaniards haue much adoe to get any of them from them, and pet ſometimes by allembling a 
great number of them, which happeneth once in two peeres, they get a piece from them, which af 
trrwards they keepe ſure pnough, 

Chus hauing elcaped the danger of them, wer kept our courfe along the toaſt, and came the Burboroare, 
thiro of Apꝛil to a Towne called Burboroata, where his thips canie to an ancker, and hee himſelke 
went athoze to ſpeake with the Spaniatos, to whom hee declared himfelfe to be an Engliſhman, 
and came thither to trade with them vy the way ol marchandize, and therefore required licence for 
the lame. Unto whom they made anlwere, that they were fozbidden by the kiug to tralique with 
any foren nation, vpon penaltie to forfeit their goods, therfoꝛe they delired him not to moleſt them 
any further, but to Depart as he came, foꝛ other comfort he might not looke fo; at their handes, be · 
tauſe they were ſubiects and might not goe beyond the law. But ben replied that his necellitie 
was luch . as he might not fo do: fo being in one of the Queenes Armadas of England, and haui 
many fouldiours in them, hee had neede both of Come rekreſhing for them, and of victuals, and of 
monty aifo, without the uhich hee toulde not depart, and with much other kalle per ſwaded them 
nottofeare any diſhoneſt part of his bebalfe towards them, fo neither would hee commit any ſuch 
thing to the diſhonour ol bis prince, nop pet foꝛ his honett rehutation and eftimation, vnlelle hee 
were too rigoꝛouliy dealt withall, which hee hoped not to linde at their handes in that it chould as 
weil tedound co their pꝛofite, as hig owne, ano alfo hee thought they might doe it without Danger, 
becanfe their pin» were inamitic one with another, and fo? our parts wee had free trafique in 
Spaine and Flanders, which are in bis dominions, and therefoze he knew no realon why he ſhould 
nos haue the like in ali his dominions, Tothe which the Spaniarns made anſwere, that it lap not 
in then to give any licence, lo that they had a gouernour to whom the gouernment of thole parts 
was committed, but if they would ſtaptenne dapes, they would ſend to their gouernour who was 
chyeeſcoze leagues off, and would returne anſwere within the {pace appointed, ok his minde. 

Juthemeane time they were contented hee Hout bring bis ſhiys into harbour, and there they 
would deliuer bim anp viccuats he would require, IAAhercupon the fourth day we went in, where 
being one day and receiuing all things According to pꝛomile, the Captaine aduiſed himlele, that 
to remaine there tenne dayes idle, ſpending victuals and mens wages, and perhaps in ihe ende 

receiue no good anſwere from the gouernour, it were meere follie, and therefore determined to 
mate requeft to haue licence for the fale of certaine leane and ficke Negros which bet had in his 

thippe like to die bpon his hands il he kept them ten dapes, hauing little oz norefrething for them, 


whereas other men hauing them, they wouta bee recoueren well vnough. And this requeſt hee 


twas foꝛced to mate, becauſe he had not otherwiſe wherewith co pay fo2 victuals ¢fo2 net eſſaries 
which be (hould take: which requeſt being put in watting and pzeſented, the officers and towne⸗ 
wellers aſſembled together, and finding his requeſt fo reaſonable, granted him licence fo thir⸗ 
tie Negros, which afterwards they cauled the officers to view tothe intent they ſhould graunt 
do nothing but that were very reaſonable, fo) feare of anlwering thereunto afterwards, This be⸗ 
ing pat, our Captaine accoꝛding to their licenve, thought to haue made fale but the vay paſt anv 


done came to buy, who before made ſhewe that chey had great neede of them and therefore wilt 


not what to ſurmiſe ol them, whether they went about to prolong the time of the Gouernour his 


anfwere becaute they would keepe themlelues blsmeleſſe, oz foꝛ any other pollicie hee knew nor, 


um for that purpoſe lent them wopde, marueiling what the matter was that none came to buy 
them. They anlwered, becauſe they had granted licence onelp to the pooge to bup thole Negros 
| offinall price, and their money was not fo reabp as othet mens of moze wealth. More then that, 
as fone as euer they ſawe the ſbippes, they conuepen away their money by cheir wiues that went 
into the mountaines fo feare, a were not pet returned, x pet aſked two dapes to ſeeke their wines 


| and fetch the ir money. Not withſtanding, the next day Dikersof themcame to cheapen, but could 


hat agtec oF mite, becauſe they thought the price too bigh. TAhereupon the € aptairte perceiuing 
they went about to bying dom ne the pꝛice, and meant to buy, and wonld net conkeſleit hee had li⸗ 
ence, that he might feli at anv reaſonable rate, as thep were woch in eher places, did lend toʒ the 
principals of the Towne. and made aſhe we hee would depart, declaring himlelfe to be very (orp 
that be had ſo much troubled them, and alſothat he had (ent ſoz the gouernour to tome downe, fees 


ng nowe his pretence was to depart, whereat they marueiled much, and al ked him what caule 


To 


TheEnglith Voyages, &c. A.lobn Hawkins, 


An d. 
Engen 


| _ dations, 


m 


To the which be replied, that it was not cnely a licence that he ſoug ht, but profit, which he perce. 
ued was not there to bee had, and therefore would lecke further, and withell che wed him hu vn 
tings what he paped fo2 his Negros, declaring alfo the great charge be was at in his Hipping any 
mens wages, and therefope to counteruaile his charges, hee mutt fell his Ne gros foꝭ agrear, 
price ihen they offered. Oo they doubting bis departure, put him in comfore to lell better ihne 
chen in any other place. And ik it fell out that he had no licence, that he Gould not loo ſe his latent 
in tarping loz ihey would buy without licence. Tihereupon,the Captaine being put in ccofoy, 
pꝛomiſed them to Map, ſo that hee might make fale of his leane Negros, u hich ihep granted vnn. 
And the next day did lell ſome of them, who hauing bought and paped for them, thinking toby 
bad a dilcharge of the Cultomer for the cultome of the Ne gros, bemg the Rings duetie, they gun 
it away to the pooze for Gods fake, and did refule to give the diltharge in writing, ond ihe pan 
not trulling their woꝛdes, oz feare, leaſt hereafter it might bee demaunder of the m, did refrany 
from buying any moze, fo that noching elſe was done vntill the Gouernours comming down, 
which was the fourteenth day, and then the Captaine made petition, declaring that hee was com 
thither in a ſhippe of the Queenes Maieſties of England, being bound to Guinie, and thithtr n 
uen by winde and weather, ſo that being come chither, hee had necde of ſundzy necefaries fop 
reparation of the laid Nauie, and alfo great need of ment y ſoꝛ ihe po ment of his Douldiours, w 
to whom hee had pꝛomiſed patment, and therefoze although bee would, pet would nat they dym 
without it, c fo that purpoſe he requetted licence for the fale of ccxtaine ol his Negros, dechim 
that although they were koꝛbidden to tralique with ſtrangers, pet for that there was agreatam: 
tie betweene their princes, and that the thing perteined to cut Queenes highnefle, he thought hi 
might doe their prince great ſeruite, and that it would bee well taken at his hands, to doe it ini 
cauſe. Che which allegations with diuers others put in requeſt, were prefented vnto ihe Cour: 
nour, who litting in counſell for tgat matter, granted vnto bis requeſt foꝛ licence. But prrthin 
fell out another thing which was the abating of the kings Cuſtome, being tpon euerpllur 30, 
duckets, which would not be granted vnto. 

Mhereupon the Captaine perceiuing ihat they would neither come necre bis price hee tocken 
for by agreat deale, noz pet would abate the Kings Cuſteme of that thepoffered,(o that eher he 
mutt be a great lotet by his wares, oz els tompell the officers to abate rhe fame kings Cuttome 
which was too vnreafonable, for to a higher price hee toulde not bring the buyers: Thereine rte 
firteenth of Apꝛil bee prepared one hundzed men well armed with bowes,arrowes,barquetusrs 
and pikes, with the which hee marched to the tewnewards, and being pert elued by the Sour: 
nout, he Traight with all expedition ſent meflengers to knowe his rtaueſt, deliting him to man 
no further forward vntill he had anlwere againe, which incontinent de ould haue. oour aye 
caine declaring how vnr es ſonable a thing the Kings Cultome was, rt que ſted to haue iht lamer 
bated, and to pay ſeuen and a halfe per centum, which is tl oꝛdinarie Cuſtome fo2 warts though 
his dominions there, and vnto this ir they would not graunt, hee we uld i ifpleafe thim, nd ihn 
word being caried to the Gouernour, anlwere was returned that all things Gould bee to bis tea 
tent, and thereupon bee determined to depert, but the fouldicrs and Mariners lin ding (olitle tre 
dite in their pꝛomiſes, Demanded gages fop the perfoymance of the pꝛemiſſes, 03 tis they would 
not depart. And thus they being conftrained to {end gages, wee di parted, beginning cur trafique, 
amd ending the ſame without diſturbance. 

Thus hauing made tralique in the harbopough vntill the 28. dur Captaine with his thipsin 
tended to goe out of the roade, and purpofed to make ſhew of his departure, becaule m we che ccm 
mon fort hauing imployed their monep, the rich men were come to towne, who made no ſewihnt 
they were come to bup, fo that thep went about to bring downe the price, and ty this pollicie rhe 
wee ener leg feare leatt we departed, and they Gould gut 
without any at 

Che nine and twentie wee being at ancker without the road, a French Hip called iht Greene 
Dragon of Newhauen, whereof was Coptaine one Bon Temps came in, u ho ſalut ed vsefier the 
maner of the Sea, with certaine pieces of Ordinance and we reſaluted him with the like agame: 
with whom having communication, he declared that hee had bene at the Mine in Guinie rd tas 


1 be“ beaten off by the Portugals gallies, and infopted to tome chither tomake fale of fuch wares ashe 
the 


bad: and further chee che like was happt ned vnte the Minion-hefinesthe Capteint Danie Carlet 


and a Marcha nt, with a dozen Mariners betraped by the Negros at their firũ arriuall thüher, n 
remapning prifosers with the Portugals; and belides otter mifaduentures of the loffe of tteit 
men, happened through the great locke of frech water, with great doubts of binging bomette 
(hips: which was moſt fozotwfull for vs to vnderſtand. ews 


dies, fee 
licate fr 
twhichp 


n Hawkins, 


profit, which he perc. 
al chewed him hu un 
Bat in his ſpipping any 
8 Negros fo à gt 
oꝛt to ſell better there 
uld not loo ſe bis lateut 
e being put in ccmfoy, 
ich ihey granted vnn, 
them, thinking toh u 
ings Duetie, they gut 
Writing, end ihe pon 
DOF them, DID refran 
ours comming Doty, 
ring that hee was com 
Guinie, and chitheryy 
mdyp neceſſaries fo iy 
ol bis Douldiours, ym: 
t would nat thepoepan 
[bis Negros, deiii 
there was a greu im 
igbneſſe, he though ye 
B hands, to dot it inthis 
ſented vnto the Cour: 
licence. But perthere 
ng Lpon euerpllut zo, 


ere his price het lochtd 
offered, ſo that tiber e 
he fame 1 * Sr 
bupers: nette 
„ arrowes, barquebuses 
ertelued by the Eur 
V deſiting him to muri 
uld haue. Wo dur Cape 
ted to haue the fame rs 
ome fo; wares though 
ipleafe them, nd ihn 
gs ſhould bee to his teu · 
ers Finding ſo lutle cre: 
ilſes, 02 cis they would 
beginning our trefique, 


ptaine with his thipsin 
sbecaute ni we the com 
wbo made no ſhew thet 
and ty this pollicie ge 
ted, and they Gould goe 


b rip tallted iht Greene 
u ho falucen vs efter the 
m with the like agame: 
dine in Guinie, ird was 
fale of fuch wares as he 
Captaint Davie Carlet 
fir arriuall ebisher m 
ares of the lolſe of theit 
bis of bringing home the 


Thus 


g AM. lohn Hawkins.2. Traffiques & Difcoueries. 


Ts hauing enden our crafique bere the t Hoy ~~ 
Chus Lenden our traue bere the 4,0f Pay, we departed, leaut the May. 

binde vs, the night before the which the Caribes, whereof J so mabe . — . 

the number ol 200, canie in their Canoasto Burboroata, intending by night 

rotwne,and taken the Spaniatos, who being moje vigilant becaule of our being there, then their 

cuſtome wan perteiuing them comming, ralſed the towne, who in a moment being a bozſebacke, Wente kepe 


The list al Pay alozeſaide, wee came to an pland called Curaęao, here wee had thougbt to 
baue anthered, but could not find ground, and hauing let fal an ancker with two cables were taine 
to weighit againe: and the ſeuenth layling along the coaſt to ſeeke an barbo zom, and finding none, 
mes caine to an ancker where me robe open in the pea, In this place we had trafique fo hives 
am fount-qveat refreſhing both of beefe mutton and lambes, whereol there was ſuch plentie, that 
luung thefhinnes, we bad the fled) given vs fox nothing the plentie lwhercof was o abundant, that ttt . 
the month in the chip thought (copne not onely of mutton, but alfo of ſodden lambe, which they dif: tellin Cums, 
dained eee 1 8 

Cheincreate of cattell in this pland is maruetlous, Which from a doozen of each fort bro 
tbicher bp che goucrnour,in a 5.peres he had a hundzeth thouland at the te ; h fore baougbt 
able to kill without ſpoile of the increaſe 1 500, yterely, which hee killet , 
the flach faueth oncly therongues, therett hee leauerh to the foule to deuoure. And this Lam able 
toaffirme, not onelp upon the Gouernours owe report „ho was the firtt that bought thein⸗ 
crraſethurber . which fo remaineth vnto this dap, but allo bp that Alatw my felfe in one field, where 


dies, ſeting the land is great, and moze then they are able to inhabite, 
licate fruices and meates pnough belides to leeoe vpon, which they ra 
twhich pattech mans realon to belecue, when they come to agreat number : fo2 in S. Domingo an 


The 1 5 ofthe fopeſatd moneth wee departed from Cura o, being not a little to the rei 
of our Captaine and vs, that wee had there ended our — but — — 
mente, wee had (ower ſauce, fo; by realan of our riding fo open at ſea, what with blates whereby 
bur anckers being a ground, the at once came bome, and allo with contrary windes blowing. 
whereby fo} feare of the (hope we were faine to hale off to haue anker. hold, ſometinies a whole day 
5 : night we turned vp and Downe ; and this happened not once, but halle a dozentimes in the 


courte, in the whichtime the Captaine failing by the ſhoze in the i tame to the Rancheria, La Rancher 
place where the Spaniards ble to liſh for pearles, aun there — . tubo — 
1 ni fat off he was from Rio de la Hacha. which becaufe he would not ouerſhoot, he ankered no del Hache · 


am auf were thas they were forbidden by the Uiceroy and council of S.Domin o, whobauin 
intelligraceof our being on the coatt, did ſende expyeſſe commiſſion to reſiſt bs, with — he 
hep cout, inlomuch that burt not trafiqae with vein no alt, Alenging thar if hey did, bey 
— all that they did traligue fo2, belles their bodtes at tye magiftraces commaunde⸗ 
ment. Capen replicase nnn Armada of he luste parle England, 
a2 ang 


The Englifh Voyages, &. A4./obn Hankinsa, 


and (ent about other her affaires, but Driven belies bis pet ended vopage, was inforced bp con. 
trary windes to come iuto thole parts, where he hoped to finde ſuch friendthip as hee ſbould dot in 
Spaine, tothe contrarp whereof hee knewe no renſon, in that there was amitie betwixt their prin. 
ces, But ſeeing they would contrary to all reafon go about to withAand his traſique, he wouldit 
ſpould not be Caid by him, chat hauing the ko pce be balh to be dziven from his tralique perforce bu 
be would rather put it in aduenturt to try whether he oz they fhoulo haue the better, and therefoy: 
willed ther to determine either to giue him licence to trade, o elſe to Rand to their owne harmes; 
Ho vpon this it was determined hee (ould haue licence to trade, but they would glue him luch: 
price as was the one halle leſle then he had lol for before, and thus they ſent wo d ihe y would d 
and none otherwile, andit it liked him not, he mie bꝛ do what he would, fop they were not deter 


M.Hewkins bis ned to deale otherwile with him. LAhereupon the captaine waping theit vnconſcionable requcl, 


letter to 
Ereaſurex of 
Rio de la Hache, 


wude to them a letter, that ihey dealt too rigozoully with hum, to go about to cut bis chꝛote inte 
priceof bis cõmoditien, which were ſo reaſonabip rated,as thep tould not by a great dt ale haue the 
Like at any other mans bandes. But leeing they bad ſent him this to his ſupper, hee would int 
mopning bring them as good abzeakefatt, And therefore in the mozning being the 21. of Spay, 
hee thot off a whole Culuering to ſummon the towne, ano preparing one hundred men in armoyy, 
went a hore, hauing in his great boate two Faulcons of bzalle, and in the other boates double by: 
fesin their noles, which being perceiued by the Towneſmen sthep incontinent in battell at 
wich their dꝛumme and enfigne dilpleyev, marched from the Cowne to the ſands, of footemeu 
the number of an hundzen and liktie, making grrat bzagges with their cries, and wegung ys, 
fhore, whereby they made a Cemblance to haue fought with vs in deed. But our Captaine pereei: 
uing them fo kagge, commanded che two Faulcons to be dilcharged at them, which put themin 
no mall feare to lee, (as they afterward declared) (uch great pieces in aboate, At euerp hoethp 
fellflat ta the ground, and as wer appꝛocbed neere vnto them, they broke iht ir arap, and diſperled 
themlelues Co much fo leare of the D winance, that at lak they went all away with their migne, 
The horlenten alſo being about thittie, made as byaue ath.w as might be, courſing vp aud dont 
wichtheir bortes, their bꝛaue white leather Targets in the one hand, and their taurlings in ye 
ther, as though they would haue receiued bs at out landing, But when wee landed, they gur 
ground, and tonſulted what they thoulo doe, fo little they thought wee would haue landed ſo bob» 
Ip: and therefore as the Captaine was putting his men in arap, and marched forward to heut in 
countred with them, chep lent a mellenger on hoplebacke with a flange of truce to the Captaive, 
who derlated that the Treaſurer marueiled what he meant to doe to co re a Chore in that opera 
tonſideration that they had granted to euery rraſonable requell that he did de maund: but the Cap 
taine not well content ed with this meflenger, marchen forwards, Che meflenger pay hin 
to ſtay his men, and ſaide, if bee would come apart from his men, the Treaſurer would come and 
ſpeake with him, whereunto bee did agree to commune together. The Captaine onelp with his 
armour without weapon, and the Creafurer on hoplebacke with bis iaue ling, was aftainetocome 
neere him fo keate of his armour, which be laid was weꝛſe then his weapon, and fo keeping aloote 
granted in fine to all his requetts, LAbith being declared by the Coptaine 

to haue pledge fo2 the perfopmance of all doubting that ditt 

wie when they bad made themſelues ſtronger bey would heue bene at deftance with bs: and leer 
ing that now they might baue what they would requeſt, they iudged it to be moze wiledome to le 
in alſurante then to be forced to make any mozelabours about it. Do vpon this goges were lent, 
and we made our tralique quietly with them. In the meane time we ſtapedhert ee we 
tered a good breadth off from the (hope, where by the Urengthof the fret) water running incothe 
Sea,the lalt water was made freſh. In this River we ſaw manp Crocodils of fundpp bigneles, 
but fome as bine as a boate, with 4. feete, a long byoad mouth,and a long taile, whole cum isſo 
bard, that a Cop wil not pierce it. His nature ts to liue out of the water as a rogge doth but be 
is a great deuourer ann ſpareth neither filb wobich is his common food, nop beattes nop men hee 
take them, as the proofe ereol mas knowen bp a Negro, who ar her was filling waterin he Ri 
uer was by one of them carien cleane away, and neuer feene after. Via nature is euet when her 
would haue his pep, co cry and lobbe like a Chpittian body, to prouoke chem to come to him nd 
then bee fnatcheth at chem, and chereupon came this pꝛouerbe that is applied vnto women when 


they weepe, Lachryma Crocodili, the meaning whereof is, ibat asthe Crocodile When heren 


eth, goeth then about modi to deteiut, lo doeth à women mott commontp ben the becher. of 
thele the Maſter of the leſus watched che, and by the banks fide Groke him wih a pike ofa bil 
the five, and after thꝛet oz foure timesturtring tn fight, bee funke do ne, and was Hot after tward 
feene, In the time of our being in the Riners Guinie, wee fawe many of — bone 


paniola w 


Ind but t 


for that w 


1 Hawkins, 
was inforced by con: 
tp as hee ſpould doe in 
tie betwixt their prin: 
s trafique,be wouldit 
traſique perforce by 
e better, and thereto: 
o their owne harmes; 
would giue him furl, 
it word they would do 
hey were not detern: 
nconfcionable requel, 
to tut his thꝛote in thy 
p agreat Deale haue the 
upper, bee would init 
being the 21. ol pay, 
indzed men in armor, 
ther boates double by: 
ntinent in battell ay 
e ſands, ol footementy 
ies, and wegung vs 
t our Capt aine pete 
hem, which put chemin 
date. At euerpyſhotthey 
heir arap, and diſperleb 
way with their mügne. 
courfing vp anddotne 
their iaue lings inthe os 
n wee landed, they gur 
uld haue landed ſo bol» 
ed fog ward to heut ens 
trute to the Captain, 
a Mhoze in that onder in 
de maund: but the Cay 
e meſlenger puyc hun 
aſurer would come and 
Taptaine onelp with bis 
ng, was afraietocome 
u, and fo beeping aloofe 
etlared by the Coptaine 
doubting that others 
hance — ni 
be moze wiledomt to 
n this, goges vert lem, 
we eee 
j water ru 
ate a 
taile, whole 
a a frogge doth but be 
pp bestieg, nam men her 
s filling watertuhe Ri 
nature is ewer when ber 
them to tome to him and 
plied nico tuomen tuber 
jane agin 4 
when the = 
im with a pike of a bill 
and as bot — 
) onſtrous 
ofam among 


M:/ohn Hawkins.2.T raffiques & Difcoueries, 


ala — — 
among? the which the captaine being in one of the Barks comming vowne the fame, thot agrauls 
con atone, which very narowly hee milled, and with a feate hee plunged into the water, making a 
lreame like the way of a boate. 

Mow while we were here, whether it were of a leare that the Spantards doubted wee would 

poue done them fome harme before we departed, oz fo any treaſon that they intended towards vs, 
Gam not able to fap; but then came thither a Captaine from fome of the other townes, with a vo; 
zen ſouldiers vpon a time when our Captaine and the trealurer cleared al things betwe 
and were in a conununicat ion of a debt of the gouernours of Burboroara, which was to 
the lad treaſurer. who would not anſwere the lame by any meanes. 
of dilplenſure pated betwirt the Captaine and him, and partin 
lurer pollibly doubting that our Captaine would perforce haue 
command his men to armes. both hoꝛſemen and footemen : but 
River on the backe five of the Towne with his other boates, al 
out weapons, it was to be iudged he ment him little good, hauing that aduantage o 
ming vpon the ſuvden, hee might haue miſchieued manp ol his men: 
derltanding thereot, not cutting to their gentleneſle, ir they might h 
abooꝛd his ſhips, and at night returned aͤgaine, and de ng other talke, what they ment 
by alſembling theit men un that opder, & they anſwered, that their Captaine being come to towne 
Din multer his men accopding to his accultomed maner. But it is to be iudged to bee a cloake,in 
that comming foz that purpole hee might haue done it fooner, but the trueth is, they were not ol 
force vntill then, whereby to enterpule any matter againſt vs, by meanes of pikes and harque· 
buses, whereof they haue want, and were now furnithed by out Captaine, and allo 3. Faultons, 
which hautng got in other places, they had lecret ly conueped thither, which made them the bolder, 
nd allo fop that they fat nom a conuenient place to do uch a feat, and time allo feruing thereun⸗ 
to, by the meanes that our men were not one ly vnarmed and vnpꝛouided 


med and with · 
k him, that coms 
but the Captaine hauing ons 
aue the aduantage, departed 


ned afimple wine, but that feemen fo 


tatne,that rned in 


and his men with weapo 
all inturies conceiuen of 1 


hings betw 


that our Captaine 
e vntill hee were vnder laile r 
e receiued it at the treaſurer 


Che 31. ol Pay wee departed, keevine our courte to Hifpaniola, and the fo 
d fight of an pland, which wee made to be lamaica, 
the ens we ſhould be dziuen fo karre to lee ward: for 
paniola we fel wi i 
land but they were 
Lope that we though 


514. TheEnglith Voyages, &c. M. lohn Hawkins, 


was a Marchant, and inhabit ant in lamaica, hauing occafion to goto Guinle, and being bp treaſon 
taken of the Negros, ¢ afterwads bought bp the Tangomangos, was by out Captaine brough: 
from thence and had his pallage to go into his countrep, who percetuing the land, made as though 
he knew euerp place thereof, and pointed to certatne places tobich he namen tu be ſuch a plact, any 
{uch amans ground, and that bebinde ſuch a point was the hat boꝛow, but in the ende he potrten (g 
from one point to another, that we were a lteboo gd of all places, and found pur ſelues at the Til 
end ol lamaica beſdʒe we were atvare ol it, and being once to leeward, there was no getting yp 
gaine . ſo that by crutting of the Spaniards knowledge, our Captaine fought not to ſpe akt with, 
ny of the inh which ik he bap not made bimfeltedure of he would haue done as his cufom 
was in other places: but this man was a plague not onelp v9 out Captaine, who made him loofe iy 
duerſhooting the place 2000. pounds bp hides, which hee night haue gotten, but alſo to humellt 
who being thꝛee peeres out of his Countrep, and in great miferp in Gulnie, both among the Ne. 
gros and Tangomangos, and in hope to come to bis wife and kriendes, as he made {ure accomps, 
in that at his going into the pinnelle, when he went to ſhoze he put on his new clothes, and fo 9p 
flung away his old, could not afterwards finde any habitation neither there nog in all Cuba whit 
we failed all along, but it fell out euer by one occaſion oꝛ other that wee were put belive the lime 
fo that be was faine to be brought into England, and it happened to him as it did to a buke ol 
maria, when the Ilraeltes were beſieged, and were in great miſerp with hunger. x being totne by 
the Prophet Elizeus,chot a buthell of flower Mould be fold fora fickle, would not belt eue him but 
thonght it vnpoſlible: and fox that cauſe Eliz æus propbefien hee ſhould lee the fame done, but hrt 
Choulo not eate thereof: ſo this man being abſent thꝛte j eeres, and not euer thinking 10 haut (ene 
his owne Countrey, did ſee the Came, went vpon it, and pet was it not bis ſoꝛtune to eme uu 
ö to any babitation whereby to remaine with his friends accopding to his deſire. 
Aue, Thus hauing Cailen along the coaſt two dayes, we departed che ſeuenth of June. being mane to 
beleeue bp the Sapaniard that it was not Jamaica, but rather Hifpaniola, of which opmionthe 
Captaine allo was, berauſe that which hee made lamaica ſeemed to be but apiece of the ld ang 
thereby tooke it rather to be Hifpaniola, bp the lying of the coatt, and alſo for that being unt 
n of the force of the turrent, he could not beleeuc he was lo farre diiuen to lei ward, and iherlo yr fit 
9 22 althe ting bis courſe to lamaica, and alter te rtame dapes not finding the fame, perceiucd then certainly 
; cuscent, that che pland which be was at before was Tamaica, and that (he cloudes dio dectiue him, whereof 
he maruelled not a little: and his mittaking of the place tame co as ill a patie as the cucrttoonng 
of Iamaica : fo; vy this din he alſo ouerpaſſe a plate in Cuba, called Santa Cruz, te here, zs be was 
infopned, was great tore of hives to be had: thus being vifappoineed of two of bis poptes,ubers 
be thought to haue railed great profice by bis trafique, and alfo to haue found great reſteſhingof 
victuals and water for bis men, dee was now Difappointed greatly, and ſuch want he had ol frrſh 
water, that he was forcen tofecke the (ope to obteine the ſame, which he had light ol aftercertaine 
Tus punmen Bapes ouerpallen with ſtoꝛmes and contrarp windes, but pet not of the maine of Cub but ol cer: 
| plandefoy taine planps in number two hundzed, whereof the moſt part were deſolate of inbabitents: by the 
10 —— which ylands the Captaine poſſing in his pinneſle, could finde nofreth water vntill bee tame tom 
pland bigger then all the reft, called che ple of Pinas, where wee anckered with our thips the 16 0l 
June, and found water, which although it were neither lo toothlome as running water, bythe ed: but 
meanes it is ſtanding, and but the water of raine, and alfo being nere the Dea was bzachih yet tt, and t 
did wee not tetuſe it, but were more glad thereof, as the time then reguired then wer loud h I suerthot 
bene another time with fine Conduit water. Thus being reaſonably watered we were dellus 
to Depart, becaule the place was not very cõuenient fo? (uch ſhips of charge as they were, beceule 
there were many (hoales to lee ward, which allo lay open to the fea fop anp wind that ſboudd blew: 
and therfore the captaine mode the moze halle away, which wos not brneeDfull : for linle fooner 
were thetr anckers weytd, and forefatle fee, but there aroſe ſuch a ſtonme that they had not much 
tolpare for doubling out of the ſboales: for one of the barks not being fully rea dy as the tilt was 
Faine fo; hatte to cut the cable in the bawſe. and loofe both ancher and cable to ſaue her felfe, 
Che Cape ot Thus the 17. ol Jun, ewe departed and on the 20, wee fell with the Trek end ol Cuba, called 
L Ambonytn Cape S. Antony, where log the ſpate of thꝛee bapes wee doubled along, till wee tame beyond the 
Shoaies, which are 20. leagues beyond S. Anthony. And the ozdinary Briſe taking vs, wlich is the 
Noꝛtheaſt winde, put vs the 24. com the ſhoare. and therefore we went tothe Hezthtweltto lt. 
wind, and alſo to the coatt of Florida to haue the beipe of the current, which was iudgen to haut fa 
to the Eaſtward: ſo the 29. wee found our felues in 29. degrees. end in the ſoundings of Florida, 
where we kept our ſelues the ſpace of foure dayes, Catling along the toaſt as nere as we could in 
tenne oz twelue kadome water, hauing all che tabile no fight of land. Gi 


n Hawkins.2, 


e, and being bp trealon 
out Coptatme brought 
t land, made a5 though 
to be ſuch a place, nd 
nthe ende he pointed iy 
our ſelues at the Mit 
te was no geiting vy 
ht not to ſpe akt with, 
ue done as his cuſlom: 
who made hum loote by 
en, but alfoto him{eife, 
ne, both among the Ne. 
he made ſure accomps, 
ew clothes, and fon vy 
t nop in all Cuba whic) 
ere put belive the fam, 
ag it did to a buke ofS. 
hungt r, e being tolde bp 
tld not belt eue him, by 
e the fame done, but hee 
r thinking 10 haut (ene 
loztune io eme un 
elire. 
h of June, being mie to 
la, ok which apmonthe 
it apiece of the lnd n 
fo that bein g um 
ti ward, and iherto y fits 
perceiucd then certainly 
Did dectiue him, whereof 
halle as the cui tit bmg 
Cruz, Where, as he was 
two ol bis poptes, tubers 
OUND great reſteſhg of 
fuch wont be had ol freth 
jad ſight of after certaine 
aine of Cubs,butof cers 
te of inbabitentss by the 
ater vntill bee come tom 
wich our ſhips the 16 Ul 
is tunning water bythe 
e Sea was bzachiſh het 
red, then wee ſhould haut 
att red we were defirous 
ge as they were, beceult 
v wind that ſboudd blew: 
wedfull: fo; linle fooner 
¢ that they had not nuch 
ly rea dy as the telt was 
ple to ſaue her felte, 
Ueſt end of Cuba, called 
til wee tame beyond the 


fetakine ve,whirbisthe TE 


tothe Popeitoettto fe -b 
ch was iudgenco baue la 
che founding of Florida, 
ft as nere as we tould in 


The 


777 Pe yee ey, eee ey eee — rete 

M.fobn Hawkins.2.Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 515 

F m7můꝙ̃ ĩ K encima 
Che llt ol July we had fight of terteine Illands ol land, called the Tortugas (which is lowe The 70. c of 

lund) where the captaine went in wich his pinneſſe, and found luch a number of birds that in halle ya uan ot 

angoute be lanco her with them: and tt chep had biene ten boats more, they inigbe baue done the buds. 

uke, Theſe Nlands beare the name of Tortoiſes, berauſe of the number of them, which there do 

bꝛeed, whole nature is to tive both in the water and vpon land alfo, but bzeed one ly vpon the ſhoze, 

in milung a great pit wherem they lap egges, to the number ol ther oz foure bundzed, and cvues 

ring them with land, they are hate hed bp the heat of the Sunne and by this me anes commeth the 

great intreaſe. O thele we tooke very great ones, which baue both backe and belly all of bone, 

of the thicknes of an inch: the lich whereof we pꝛoued, eating much like veale; and finding a num 

ber ol egges in them, talled allo of them, but they dib eat very lwettly. Peere wee anke red fire 

houres, and then a faire gale of winde fringing, we weped anker, and made faite toward Cuba, 

whither we came the lirt day, and weathered as fare as the Table, being a hill fo Called, bec auſe u pin cates 

of the konne thereol: here we Lap off and on all night, to krepe that we had gotten to wind- ward, tbe Table 

lutending to haue Watercd in the morning , if we could haue done it, oz elsif the winde had come 

lurgtr, to haue plied to wind- ward to Hauana, which is an harbozow whereunto all the fleet of ape porto 

the Spanparos come, ano doe there carp to haue one the company of ancther. This hill we thine Kuang 

hing to haue beene the Table, made account (as it was indeed) that Hauana was but eight 

leagues to wünd- ward. but bp the per ſwalion ofa Frenchman, who made the captaine bell eue 

he knew the Table ve ry well, and had beene at Hauana, layd that it was not the Table, and chat 

the Table was much higher, and nere rto the fea five, and that there was no plaine ground to the 

Callward, nop hilles to the Qleſtward, but all was contrary , and that behinde the bilies to the 

Westward was Hauana, To which perſuaſion credit being giuen by ſome, and they not of the 

wooplt, the captaine was perſuaded to goe to lee ward, and lo lailed along the ſeuenth and cig iis 

apes, Anping no habitation, no: no other Table; and then perceiuing bis follpto giue eare to ſuch 

pracers, was not a little fory, bath bet auſe he did conſider what time he ſhould ſpend per he could 

get lo fat to wind· ward againe, which would haue bene, with the Weathering which we had, ten of 

twelue dayes wofhe, t wbat it would haue bene longer he knew not, and (ihat which was woozſt) 

be bad not above a Dapes water, and therfore knew not what ſbikt to male: but in fine, becaule the 

want was fuch, that his men could not liue with it, he determined to lecke water, and to goe fur⸗ 

ther to lee ward, to a plate as it is {et inthe care) called Rio de los puercos, which he was in doubt 

ol. both whether it were inhabited t wheter there were water oz not, and whether for thef:oalng 

he migh haue fuch accefle with bis thips,chat he might conueniently take in the fame, And while 

we were in theſe troubles, and kept cur wap to the place atoꝛeſayd, almigbty God our gude (wo 


2% — 


— a 


would not ſuffer vs to run into any further danger · which we had bent like to haue incurred ir we 


bad ranged the coalt of Florida along as we did before , which is fo Dangerous (by reports) that 
ro (hip elcapeth which commeth chither, (as the Spanyards haue very wel pꝛoued the ſame) ſent 


vs the eight day at night a faire T2teRerlp winde, whereupon the captaine and companp conſult⸗ 


td, Determining not to refuſe Gods gift, but euery man was contented to pinch his owne bellie, 
whatſoeuer har happened; and taking the fay winde, the ninth day of July got to the Table, and 


| failing the lame night, vnawares ouerſhot Hauana; at which place wee thought to hy / e waters 
ed: but che nert dap, not knowing that wee had ouerſhot the lame, failed along the cos t, ſeeking 
tt, and the eleuenth day in the mozning, by certeine knowen marks, we bnderflood that we had 
buerſhot it 20 leagues: in which coat ranging. we found no tonuentent watering place, whereby 
here was no remedy but to dilemboque, and to water vpon the coat ol Florida: fo, to go further 
v the Ealtward we could not foz the ſyoalds, which are very dangerous; and betauſe the current 
bootet to the Nozthe alt, we doubted by the force chereof to be fet vpon them, and therefore durſt 


no: approch them: ſo making but reaſonable way the day afozelapd, anu all the niglit, the twelfth 

Dap in chemoming we fell with che Allands vyon the cape of Florida, which we could {cant double 

bp the meanes that fearing the ſhoalds to the Catwards, and doubting the current comming out eye mate of 
ofthe Ete, which was not of that force we mane accouncof; fog we felt tle op none till we fell ear 
Wh the cape, and then felt ſuch a current, that bearing all Cailes againſt the fame, pet were dpi: 

en backe againe a great pate: the experience whereof we had by the le ſus hinneſſe, and the Salo- 

mons boat, which were ſent the lame day in the afternnone mhiles the Mine more bee almed ta fee 


eie BE 


iftheytould finde any water vpon the Jflands afezefain ; who ſpent a great part of the Dap in rom · 


inn chither being further off then they Deemed it to be, and in the meane time a faire gale of winde 
| ringing at ea, the thtps departed, making a ligne to them to come away, who although they fam 


lem depart, becaute they were lo nere the ſpode, would not loſe all the labour they had taken, 


du determined to keepe their wap, and ee tf there were anp water to be han, making no account 


bus 


SSS aS ae 


+ 


1 


1 


. 


f i 
1 4 

fa. 

f i 


{ 
— 

i 

N 


i} 
(| 0 


fel te 


-. ᷑— ͤ—ꝛꝗ— — — .. TARR ea — —— — 


516 


M. Hawkins 


ranged all the 
ol Honda. 


Che riuer of 
2 


orida found 
to ut cut uus 
Idlands. 
Soſelt. 
he commos 
dittes of Flo. 
rida. 
he bouts 
af Flocida, 


The Engliſh Voyages,&¢.//.fohn Hawkins... 


—̃̃̃ — 
but to linde the ſlu pe e well enough: but they ſyent fo much time in Ailing the water which /g 
bab folid, that the night was come before they could make an end. And hauing fol the Light of iy 
ſhips, they rowed what they could, but were wholly ignoz ant which way they ſhould fer ke them 
gaine; as indeed there was a moze doubt then they kne wol: for when they de parti d ehe thippes 
were in no current; and Catling but a mile ſurihet they found one (o it ong, that bearing ali faites, 
it could not pp uaile againſt the fame, but were dꝛuen backe: whereupon the captaine (ent the dr. 
lomon, with the other two barks, to beare neere the Hope all night, bet aule the current was ey 
there a great deale, and to beare light, with hooting off a piece now and then, to the inten the 
boats might better know how to come to them. 

Che leſus alſo bare a lighe in ber toppe gallant, and thot off a piete allo nom and then, buttht 
night paſſen, and the moaning was come, being the thirteenth day, and no ne we s could be hem 
of them, but the ſhips and barkes ceaſed not to looke Mili foʒ ihem, pet they thought tt was al 
baine, by the meanes they heard not ol them all the night pak; and therefoze determined tot 
no longer, ſee hing fi them t il noone, and if they heard no newes, then thep would di part tote 
lefus, who perforce (by the vchem ncp of the current) was caried almoſt out of ſight; but as e 
would baue it, now time being come, and ihey hauing tacked about in the pinnt ile top, had igh 
ol them, and tooke them vp : they in the boats, being to the number of one and twenty, 
light he chiys, and ſeeing chem caching about; whereas before at the irl light of them they yg 
greatip tetoyce, were now in a greater perpleritie then euex they wete: for by this they shout 
themſelues btterly foxfaken, whereas befope they were in ſome hope to haue found them. Tu 
God wrought maruetloutlp for them, for they theme lues having no victuals but water and bing 
fore oppreflen with hunger, were not of opinion to beſtow any further tune in ckung the dippes 
then that pꝛeſent noone time ; fo that il they had not at that inſtant elpied them, they had gone w 
the ſhoze to haue made pꝛouiſion foꝛ victuals, ano with ſuch things as they could haue gran, e 
ther to haue gone for that part of Florida where the French men were ple nted ( which would haut 
bene very hard for them to haue done, betaule they wanted victuals to Laing he m thicter, temy 
an hunde d and twenty leagues off ) 02 els to haue remained amongſt the Flopidians; at whole 
hands they were put in comfoꝛt by a French man, who was with them, that hen xc maintd in Ho. 
rida at the firſt finbing thereot, a whole peere together, to te cciue victuals ſusſicient, and gantle 
entertainment, it nerd were, for a yeere or two, vntill which time Hod might haue pꝛountv top 
them. But how contrary this would haue fallen out to their expectations, it is hard io uudgeſſte 
ing thole people of the cape of Florida ate ot moze ſauage and fierce nature, and moge balant 
then anp ot the ref; which the Spanpards well prooued, who being fime hund ed men, who meen 
ved there tu land, retumed few oz none of them, but were infoꝛzt ed to forfake the Came : anvof 
their cru lty mention is made in the booke of the Decades, of a frier, wto taking ypnhimto 
per ſuade the people to ſubiection, was by them taken, and his {hin cruelly pulled outt his cares, 
and his fleſb eaten. 

Gn theſe Alands they being a ſhoze, found a dead man, died in a maner whole, with other 
heads and bodies of men: fo that theſe {opts ol men are eaters of the fleſhol men, alwel asthe Ca 
nibals. But to returneto our purpoſe. 

The toureteenth day the ſh . pe and barks came to the le ſus, bʒinging tl em ne w es of the ni 
uerp of the men, which was not a little to the reioycing ol the ccptame , and ihi whole company; 
and ſo then altogether thep kept on their way along the coaſt of Florida, and the fitteenth bop tant 
to an anker, and fo from fire ano t wenty degrets tothirty dip rets and a halfe, white tit Fitch 
men abode, ranging all the coat along, ſec king foꝛ fret water, anke ring tur ty night, betcule w 
would ouerſhoot no plate of freſh water, and in the day time the captaine in the ſhips pinie ſa 
led along the thore, went into cucrp crecke, ſpeaking with diners ol th: Flopivians, becoult bee 
would vnde rſtand where the French men inhabited; and not finding them in tight and rwentie 
degrees, as it was declared vnto him, maruelled thereat and ntuer left failing aleng che too ill 
he kound them, who inha⸗ ted in a tiuer, by them called the riuer ol May, and landing in thitty 
degrees and better. Fur nging this coaſt along, the captaine found it to be all an Jllend, and 
there foze it is all lowe land, and very ſcant of frech water, but the countrey was maruelloully 
ſwert, with both mariſh and medow ground, and geodly woods among. There thep found {opel 
to grow as abundantly as gralle, and where their boules were, great oe of maiz ant müll. and 
grapes of great big neſſe, but of tate much like our Englith grapes. Allo Deere great plenti, 
which came vpon the lands be loze them. Cheir houſes are not many together oy in ent houfcan 
bundꝛed of them da lodge: they being made much like a great barne, and in lürength net inſertort 
to ours, to they haue Qanchions a nd rafters oi whole trers, and are coue red with ann 


kot two! 
with cert 
hace, wi 
there wa: 


Alland takt 


Tamaica ay 


hn Hawkins, 


— —— — 

NG the water what ye 
wing fo the light of che 
hey ſhould fer ke them 
ey departe d, the ſy pp 
G (hat bearing oll fais 
the captaine (ent iht hi 
ue the current was let 
d then, to the intent in 


fonow and then, butte 
no ne we s COULD be hem 
hey thought it was aii, 
efoze Determined tot 
(hep would de part tory 
out of light; but as ey 
e pinnc ſſes top, badiigh 
me and twenty, 

ru Aight of them they in 
for by this they iheugt 
aue found them. Crulp 
als but water and beng 
ne in ſceking che dhippes 
them, they had gone tp 
py could hauegctien, e, 
need ( which would haut 
ung them thicher, bemy 
e Flozidians; at whol 
hat han remainedin Ho. 
is ſullicient, and genie 
might haue prouider top 
8, it is hard to wdge, {ees 
atute, and mope valiant 
hundzed men, who meen 
afake the Came : and of 
wto taking vpinhimea 
Ip pulled oucr his cares, 


aner Whole , with other 
of men, altel asthe Ca 


them ne ves of the rr 
and th. whole company; 
nb the liltt enth op came 
balfe, where the Fitch 
tui xy night, betcuſe ut 
in the ſhips pine MTefair 
Flopivians, becoutt yee 
em in eight and twentie 
ailing ale yg the toaf til 
y, and ſlanding in thirty 
to be all an Illund, and 
mtrey was maruelloully 
Chere thep founrloyel 

ne ot maiz ant mill, and 
fc Deere great plentit, 
ether. oz in ont houftan 
im ürength net inferiout 
ed with palmico-leaues, 
pauing 


‘fom Hawkins.2. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


hooting nocwithtanoing + this 


. Gencetnfte, that is to fap, Bad people, meaning there. 
 bawe rhe French men found them ſo wietp in their anfwere, ,27 , spe captaines owne report, a 
cbounſeller with vs could not giue a moze pꝛokound rea ſon. 


pauing no place diutded, but one ſmall roome fo their king and queene. In the middeſſ of this 
poutets abearth, where they make great fires all night, and they fleepe vpon ce xteine piects of 
woop bewen tu fop the boni ing of their Lacks, and another place made high fo) their beans, which 
they put one by another all tong the walles on both fines, In their boutes thepremaineonetp in 
the nights. and in the day they defire the fields, where they diele (heir meat, and make prouifion 
fop viccuals, which they proutde onelp for a me ale from haud to mouth, There is one thing tobe 
matuelled at, ko the making of their fire, and not onely they but allo the Negros doe the fame, 
which i made onely by two tickes, rubbing them one againũ another: and this they 
anp place they come, where they finde Qicks lulfictent for the purpoſe. In their apparel 
one iy vlt deere Chinnes , where with (ome onelp couer their priup members , otherlome ble the 
fame as garments to couer them beloze and behind; which (ainnes are painted, ſome yellow and 
ted ſome blacke e rullet, and eue ry man according to his owne fancy, They do not omit to paint 
their bodies allo with curious knots, 0) antike wopke, as euery man in his owne fancp deuileth, 
» tomake it continue the better, they vle with a tho me to pꝛicke their fleſy, and 
dent in the fame, where hy the paint ing may haue better hold. In their warres they vle a llei 
ttt colour of painting their faces, thereby to make themſelues thew the mope ſlerte; which after 
ther warres ended, they waſh aap agalne. In thett watres they ble bowes and atrowes, where: 
of theit bowes are made of a kind of Pew, but blacker then ours, and koz the molt part palling the 
rengthof the Negros o2 Andtans, fo it is not greatly inferiop to ourd : cheit arrowes art allo ol 
agreat length, but pet of reeds like other Indians, but varying in two points, both in length and 
and alfo fop nocks and feathers, which the other lacke, whereby they thoot very lledy + the heaps 


ofthe fame are vipers teeth. bones of fithes, flint tones ,piken points of kniues, which they having 


gotten of the French men, doke the fame, ¢ put the points of chem in their arrowes heads: fome 


of them haue their beads of ſiluer, otherſome that haue want of theſe, put in a kinde of hard woop, 


notched, which pierceth as farce as any of the ref, In their Feber, being in the woods, they vſe a 
mruellous pollitte fop their owne lale guard, which is be lalpum «tree in their armes and pet 
lier chep ved with ? French in n intheir fight, whereby it 

e paliey: and alti dug they a called by the Spanpards 
they e not men of capatity pet 


appesreth that they are people ol 


The women allo foz the:r apparell vle painted Ckinnes , but mol of them go une n of moſſe, 


ſomewhat longer then dur molle, which they ſowe together artificially, and make the lame lur⸗ 
pleſſe wife, wearing their haire downe to their ſhouldc ts, like the Indians. In this riuer ol May 


afoyefapn, the captain entring wich his pinnelle, found a French thip of foureſcoe tun, and two 


doe in She me 
men in 


517 


mung of fe 


_— pinneffes of iftecne tama piece, bp her, and {peaking with the keepers the reok, they tolde him ol a S French 


lat two leagues vp, whichthep bad buile, in which their captaine Monfieur Laudonniere was, Reher las 


there was no conuenient place but vp the rtuer fue leagues, where the water was kreſh, did ſend 


bim apdlot fop the moze expedition thereok, to tying in one ol his barks, which going in with other 
_ boats ppouded fop the fame purpoſe, ankered before the font, into the which our captaine went; 
here hee was by the Generall, with other captaines and ſouldiers, very gently enterteined, who 
declared onto him the time of their being there, i 


8 which was foureteene moneths , with the extre⸗ 
thity the were dpiuen to for want of victuals , having brought very little with them; in which 
place ther being two hundzed men at their fir comming , had in (hort ſpare eaten ali the maiz 
thep could buy of the inhabitants about them, and therefore were dꝛiuen certeine of them to ſerue 
aking of the Flozidians againſt other his enemies lo mill and other victuals; which hauin 
n could not lerue them, being fo many, lo long a time: but want came vpon them in (uch loꝛt, 
thatthey were kaine to gather acoꝛns, which being ſtamped {mail and often waſhed to take away 


| Which certeine ſouldlers therein. To whom our captaine (ending to vnde rſtand of a watering: denier. 
place where he might tonueniently take it in, and to haue licence fo? the lame, he ſiraight bet aule 


the bitterneſſe of them, they did vle fop brea, eating withall ſundzy times, roots, whereof they r 


mn mmp good and holeſome, and fuch as ſerue rather for mevecines then for meates alone. 
Duthisbednelse not contenting Comte of them who would not take the painen fo much as ta ſiſh 
laihertner pefoze theilt doozes, but would baue all things put in their mouthes, they did rebell as 
gunũ be captaine, taking away fire his armour, and alter ward imꝑpziloning him: and ſo te the 


The Englith Voyages,&¢.A4.fohn Hawkins. 


laden with wine and caſaui, which is a bzead made of roots, and much other victuals and ite man: lo; 
ſure, had 1 to depart therewith, but were of uch haughty Momacks,that they though, lit, it — 
their fopce to be ſuch that no man durſt meddle with them, and Co kept harboꝛom in Tamaica, gy as bette 
ing daylp alhoze at their pleaſure. But God which would not ſuffer ſuch cuil doers vnpunſſhaz tone, : 
did indurate their hearts in luch lozt, thut they lingered the time fo long, that a chip and galluſt = : 
being made out ol Santa Domingo came thither into the harboꝛom, anv tooke CWENEY OF thin, witht ag 
whereof the mot part were hanged, and the reit caried into Spaine, and fome (tothe number it — — 
fiue anvewenty) efcapen in the pinnette, and came to Florida; whert at their landing they ban mens 0 
put in pꝛiſon, and incontinent foure of the chieleſt being condemne d, at the requeBof the fouly, for rt 
Che occation ers, did paſle the harquebuzers, and then were hanged vpon a gibbet. This lacke of thpce(c fouldt: eo 
SUL wird the men was a great diſcouragt᷑ and weakening tothe telt, fo) they were the Lett foulvicrs thar taeppe 
. had: Foz they had now made the inhabitants weary of them by their dayly crauing of maiz in with chem, 
no Wares left to content them withall, and therefore were infozced to rob them, and to tale a { neither dut 
their victual perforce, which was the occaſien that the Floꝛidians (not well contented therm) , mug, — 
did take certeine of their company inthe woods, and flew them; wherbp there grew great um 2 1 
betwirt them and the Frenchmen; and therefore they being but afew in number Durtt not n, Re the — 
ture abroad, but at uch time a they were inforcen thereunto fo? want ol food to do the famesany : ing te 
going twenty harquebusers in a company, were ſet vpon by eigbteene kings, Hating feuny ten tre 9 
eight hundz ed men, which with one of their bowes Mew one of their men, and burt a dozen, um ie oe 
them all downe to their boats; whole pollicy in fight was to be matuelled at: fo haung d : e 
diners of their bodies which were armed , and perceuung that their arrowes did not preva; 1 cpg 
Gaintt the lame, they thot at eherr faces and legs, which were the places chat the Trenchmmunt FR 80,8 l 
burt in. Thus the Frenchmen returnen, being in ill cafe bp the hurt ot their men, hauing noe q —— 
boue fopty (ouldicrs left vnhurt, whereby they migbt ill make any moze inualions vpon hn. pea 5 
dians, and keepe their fore withall: which they mutt haue beene dziuen vnto, had not God iene be BD ost * 
tbitber for their luccour; loʒ thep had not aboue ten dapes victuall left before we came. In which 7 bas 7 : 
perpleritp our captaine (ceing them, {paren them out ok his thip twenty barrels of mealt, y lun 8 1 . 
pipes of beanes , with diuers other victuals and nereſſaries which he migit conuententip {pares poy Sea 
The Frenchy and to helpe them the better homewards, whither they were bound befope our comming, atiyir te 
preg . requeit we {pared them one ol our barks of fifty tun. Not withſtanding the great want thatthe g — — 
n. Frenchmen had the ground doth pee ld victuals luffictent, if they would haue taken pangugt fe a — 
the ſame; but they being ſouldiers, deſire d to live by the lweat of other mens brotves : for while hows 1 — 
they had peace with the Flouians, they had ub {ufficient , by weares which they madeto cath * — 
the ſame : but when thep grew to wartes, the Flonidians tooke away the fame againe, anv then * 
would not the Frenchmen take the paines to make any moze, The ground pteldtth naturally —＋ : 
Seer dug grapes in great tope, tos in the time that the Frenchmen were chere they made 20 bro 5 1 — 
Mabe tn File wine, Allo peeldeth roots palling good. Deere maruellous ope, with diuers ot her bealls and : The 7 — 
ds, line ta tye cable to the vle oĩ mm. Thele be things wherewith aman map live, hung come 0} 2 
wine of Ore. folvle,feruiccable to the Pr 
maiz wherewith to make bread : fo) maiz maketh good fauo zy bʒead, and cakes ag fine es low. mister 
Allo ie maheth goodmeate,beaten and fopden with water, and cateth like pap twbercwith wefan 1 
thildꝛen. It maketh alſo good beuerage, ſodden in water, and nourichable; which the Freun pres 
did vſe to dꝛinke ol in the moming, and it aſſuageth their thirſt, ſo that thep had no necd io ht — 
A beurer no · all the dap after. And this maiz was the greateſt lacke they had, becauſe they had nolabourerste — 
ceffarv to inbes love the lame, and therfore to them that (houlo inhabit the and it were ae — een 
cepa tu till end lowe the ground: for they bauing victuals of their owne, where by they neither tub un — — 
88 ſpoile the inhabitanes, may live not onely quictly with tem, who naturally art mope deſ tous al L 


warres, but alſo ſhall haue abundance of victuals pꝛofered them len nothing: int 
ö —————— he another man euer taking away frö vs, although 
we baue enough befives, pet then we ehinke all tos little fop our ſelutꝝ: fo ſure ly we haue head 
the Frenchmen report, and I know it by the Indians that a very little tontenteth them: forthe 
Indians with the head of maiz rotted, will ttauell a whole day, and wbenthey are at the Spany: 1 
ards finding, they giue chen nothing but ſodden herbs ¢ main: and in this oꝛder A (awwthyettcoye —— — 
ol them feed, who were laden with waren and came fiftp leagues off, 49 — ey 
Tebsecon e trauefl. haue a kinde of herbe nrien, who with a cane ann an ear ehen enn in the enn. wich Gre. ann ta ett 


seat shevpien ber bo put together, doe ſucke thopow the cane the fmoke thereof; which {inoke fat — 
BY wasfrine to 
, and affirmed 


ir hunger, tue foure op fiue dayes without meat oꝭ dyinke, and ibisellihe 
pe a — 7 pet — bolde opinion wit hall. that it tauſeth —— 
to vom Crom their omacks. The commoditie s of ids land art more then att pet — 


C 
hn Hawkins. 


Ri 
other victuals any lea 
nachs, that chey though 
boom in Tamaica, gy 
tuill doers vnpuniſhes 
that a ſhip and gala 
tooke twenty OF them, 
fome (to the numbers 
their landing thep hun 
che requeR of the (ouly, 
This lacke of thzeclun 
beſt ſouldiers that; 
trauing of maiz, ha 
them, and to take, 
Il contented therein) 
ute grew great wann 
number durſt nut un 
ood to do the ſant a 
ungs, hauing ſeunn 
ND hurt a dozen, gone 
at: fo hauing hory 
WES did not pꝛtunlea 
it the Frenchmen unn 
eir men, having ot 
tafions vpon the hn 
to, had not Goole be 
t we came. Tn which 
rrels of meale, dam 
bt conuenientiy fare; 
our comming, attheir 
be great want thatthe 
aue taken paincs u get 
ens browes : for while 
ich they made to catch 
fame againe, mo then 
imd preldeth naturallp 
made 20 hogheansof 
iuers 11. 
ay liue, tonne oz 
akes as fine es flowit. 
ap whereuith we fen 
which the Frenchmen 
v had no necd tonpinke 
ey had nolabourers to 
uiſit to haue labourers 
bp they neithertob un 
lp art moze deſ us al 
em fox nothing: fopit 
away frö vs, althomh 
2 ſurely me har head 
ntenteih them: forthe 
they are at the pany: 
eder A law thyecicoye 
Floꝛiwians when they 
the ene mich fire. n 
which finoke l 
pinke , and thigel te 
nuſeth warer pile mt 
are pet ne 


man: lun belſdes the land it (etfe , whereof there is moze then an 
lit, t llounſheth wih 3 


whercof Aknow not the namen. Colours both red, blacke, pellow, x rulſet 
with they fo paint their bodies, and Deere Chinnes which they weare about 
itneither fadeth away, nop altereth colour. Golde and ſiluer the 
mens felt comming thither they had the fame offered them fop littl 
fan a batchet two pound weight of golde, beraule they knew not 
ſouldt rs being greedp of the (ame, did take it from them, giuing 


neither our they weare the lame od krare of being taken awap: fo that ſau 


5 


ng mals which were wꝛacks of Spanpatds connni 


mies, did finde two Spanpards wih the Flopivians, 
lwhereof one was in a tarauel commi 


| of the Frenchmen obteined Many pieces. Df thoſe vnicoznes they 


II 
| affieme it to be a be all Witbone hozne, which comming to the riuer to dzinke, 
to the water before he Drinkceh, Ok this vnttoznes home there are of our con 


p (tothat there are moze commodities al well as that, which for want of time, and 


lug the great profit of them that ſhal take it in hand. Of beats in 
; lores hares, polcats, conic 


lang. Alſo J heard a 


| thefame dangerous. by meanes of und zy banks, as we alfo haue found the fa 


aue great non ie 
e bpon the Jſland, Florida efteene 
were but few men: n Sand. 
i may be golde and ſiluc r al well as Chis copper 

| in Mexico, hecauſe it is all one maine, The Frenchmen obteined pearles et them of 
for they do not GN for thers: as the Spa: 
wpards doe, but fo; their meat: fog ihe Spanpards vſe to keepe daplp afithing ſome two 02 thzee n 

bund ꝛed Indians. ſome of them that be ot cboile a thouſan j 


The Floridians haut pieces of vnicomes boznes, which they weare about their neeks, w 


— the venimous beats, 
our men killer 


with many others, 


igouroullp deale 
bey had au moze, 


ing at their Girt come 
mug, they could get none ol them: and how thep came by tis golde and ſilu 


er the French men 
a know not as pet, but by geſſe, who hauing trauelled to the South weſt of the c 


ape, hauing found 
me; and there finds 
he bmming From Mexico , iudged that they had got · 
un treaſure by them. Foz it is mold true that diners backs haue beene made of Dpanpa 
ung much creature : foz the Frenchmen hauing trauelled t 


The oiſters which baue the 
fmallett (ope of peatlis ate found in ſeuen oz eight lademe water but che greateſt in eleuen og 
twelue fadome. 


319 


v king Chyintian is able to inha⸗ 
b woods of Cedar and Cypꝛes, and other ſozts, Tbe variety of 
baue km apothecary herbst trees toots and gunmes great in Fiona 
oe, a6 Storax liquida, I utpintine, Gumme, Myrthe, and Frankinſence, 

very perfect, where⸗ Colours, 
them, that with water 
v want not: fo? at the French · cote and 
Coz nothing, ko they receiuey dur. 

the ellimation thereof : but the 


them nothing fop it: the which 
tuepperctiuing, that both the Frenchmen did Steatly eſteeme it, and alſo div r 


mith them, by taking the fame away from them, at lat would not be knowen t 


das found 
great bigs perfece goive, 
called bp the 
Sa 
oa phyia, 


WBnicomes 


bere: 
foꝛ that they doe baten 


„that hauing 
gotten the fame of the Ftenchmen, bꝛought home thereof to thew. Jr is thartase ee pꝛeſuppo⸗ 


le ſufficient 
winhabit the lame, can not bet come to light: but J truſt Gov will rtueale the fame 


before it be 


cle of one of thete abbers, the wine = 
leon (etsing the fap der did ciaipe ber taiſe abor: her; which Spon the tebich a 


cane we am of he fouteon ano tooke be: laying bete. 
bib tetlaime her, and k t her wo moneths 
8 4 — 0 
u, an atfismen the lame to be a 


putteth the ſame in · on 


this countrep belldes dert, weatts, 
8, J am not able certeiniy to fap : but it is thought 


true that is ſapd, of 


520 


Serpents. 


Klping filhes. 


Dolppins, 


Flemingo. 


The egrips. 


The Englith Voyages,&¢.M].Fobn Hawkins, 


— ae . ͤ —— ELL ——— — 
ferpent with three heads and foure fret of the bignelle of a great ſpaniell. which fo2 want of aha 
quebus he burt not attempt to llay. Ot ah alſs they haue in the riuer, pike, roch, lalmon, tro 
and diuers other (mall fiſhes, and of great fith , Come of the length ol a man and longer, bent 
big nelle accordingly, having a ſnout much like a wozd of a pard long. There be alſo of leafy 
es, which we law comming along the coat flying, which are of the bignelle ola ſmelt, he big 
fort whereof haue foure wings, but the other haue but two: of thele wee ſawe comming cu 
Guinea a hundzed in a company, which being chaſed by the gilt- heads, other h iſe called ht bo. 
nitos, do to auoid them the better, take their flight out of the water, but pet are they not able tofig 
farce, becaule of the dꝛying of their wings, which ſerue them not to Hie but when they art nut, 
and therefoze when they tan flic no further, they fall into the water, and bauing wet their wings 
take a new flight againe. Theſe bonitos be ot bigneſſe like a carpe, and in colour like a mabenl, 


but it is the lwiltelt AC in fwinnning that is, and followeth her prep verpGercelp, not enn a 


the water, but allo out o the water: foꝛ as the flying lich taketh her flight, fo doeththis bote 
leape alter them, and taketh them ſometimes aboue the water. There were ſome of thole bon. 
tos, which „ by alifgig, vid follow our ſbippe comming out of Guinea 300 tam 
There is a ſea- lo wle allo that chaleth this flying fith al well as the bonito: foꝭ as the flying ih 
taketh her flight, lo doth this fo wle purſue to take her, wich to bebolde is a greater plcaſurt in 
hawking, for both the flights are as plealant, and alſo moze okten ihen an hund zed times: ine 
fowle can flie no way, but one oz other lighteth in her pawes, the number of them are oa g 
pant, Chere is an innumerable poong frie of hele flying fithes , which commonly keep atox 
the lip, and ate not fo big as butter flies, and pet by flying do auoid the vnſatiableneſſe ofthe bo. 
nito. Ok the bigger fort of thele liſhes wee tooke many, which botb night and day flu witze i 
lailes of our (hip, and there was not one of them which was not wooꝛzth a bonito : fo) being ut 1 
vpon a hooke dꝛabling in the water, the bonito would leape thereat, and ſo was taken. Ale, ne ie 
tooke manp with a white cloth made faſt to a hooke, which being tied ſo ſhoꝛt in the water, that t 
might leape out and in, the greedie bonito thinking it to be allping fith le apeth ehereat, ano (0 is 
de ceiued. Te tooke allo volphing which are of very goodly colour and pꝛopoꝛ tion to beboln, ann 
no lelle delicate in talle. Fowles allo there be manp, both upon land and vpon fea : but conte / 
ing them on the land J am not able to name them, betaule my abode was there fo thot, Burn 
the fowle of the freth riuers, theſe two J noted to be the chiefe, whercol the Elemengo gat. be 
wing all red feathers, and long red legs like a herne, a decke actoꝛding to the bill, red, tuhercofthe 
ppper nebhangeth an inch ouer the nether; and an egript, which is all white as the I want, wih 
legs like to an hearnſhaw, and ol bigneſle accopdingip, but it bath in her taile feathers olſo iti 
plume, that it palleth the ettringe his feather, Ok the lea fo wle aboue all other net commun in 


Che pelticane. England, J noted the pellicane, which is fained to be the louingſt bird that is; which raturen 


anes ee 
— afuftts 


cient pꝛoſit in 


Plorida and 
Virginia. 


ber pong ſhould want, wil {pare her heart bloud out ok her belly: but koz all this louinguetie the is 
very veformed to beholde; fo2 be is of colour ruſlet: notwithtanding in Guinea J haut fecnect 
them as White as a wan, hauing legs like the ſame, and a boop like a hearne, wih along neck, 
and a thick long beake, from the nether iam whereof downe to the breatt palſeth a fhinne pf futht 
bignelle, as is able to receiue a liſh as big as ones thigh. and this her big tyꝛoat and long ber. ung 
make ber ſeeme ſo ougly. 

Here A haue declared the eftate of Florida , and the commodities therein to this day un, 
which although it may ſetme vnto ſome, by the meanes that the plenty of golde and filuer, inst 
ſo abundant as in other places, that the cott bettowen vpon the fame will not be able to gut itt 
charges : pet am Jol the opinion, that by that which J haue feene in other Jllands of the Juve 
ans, where luch intre ale of cattell hath bene, that of twelue head ok bealls in fine twenty pects, 
did in che hives of them raiſe a thouland pound profit perelp, that the increaſe of cattel snely ‘vould 
raiſe profit Cufficient fox the fame : fo? wee may conlider, if fo Crrall a poztion did 1a ug 
geines in luch thot time, what woulu a greater do in many pere: and ſurt ly 7 may this affirm, 
that the ground of the Indians loꝛ the breed of catcetl , is not in any point to be compparco to tl 
of Florida, which all the peere long is lo greene,as anytime inthe Summer with vs ubich dur 
Ip is not to be maruelled ac , ſeeing the countrey Uandeth in ſo watery a climate : lch ente g 
without faile they haue a ſhower of raine ; which by meanes of i he countrey it ſelſe, which is n. x 
and moze tctut nt bot dhe Kurs, Decth make el! thinge be Meneith therein: Ano betault thettt fg 
not che ching we all lecke fop, being rather delirous of prefent gaincs, A doe there fope affunun 
attempt thereofto be more requilit fop a prince, whois of power able tu go iloʒow withthe lin 
rather then fo, any ſubiett. ; A 4 

From thence weedeparted the 28 of July , vpon our Lopage homewares, bauing * 


3 Hawkinsa, 


ich fog want of ajar: 
roch, ſalmon, trout, 
and longer, being of 
ere be allo of {catty 
of a ſmelt, ihe biggi 


fawe comming cut 5 


ei iſe called the bo. 
e they not able toſu 
when they are mag, 
ing wet their ung 
Hout like a maker, 


hercelp,, not cutyn a 


kenn bs plentifuallp for all the reſt of the wr the f 
fler. to che tut value chereol. unco the chiefe owners of the lald W ee 


, fo doeththis bono 
e ſome of thole bon. 
Suinea 300 tag 
fox as the Aping ih 
greater plc aſure iin 


mmonly keepe abo 
atiableneſſe ofthe be. 
and day Hew inenehe 


donito: for bangt 


was taken. Qifo, be 
zt in the water, that u 
peth thereat, nd lo is 
portion to be bold, and 
pon ſea: but concen 
there ſo thor, Burin 
 Flemengoisoue, be 
bill, red, whereofthe 
te as the (wanne, with 
ile feathers ol ſo int 
L other net commonis 
t is; which rateriben 
this louingnetie the is 
Zuinea J haut fecne ot 
ne, wih along neck, 
ſſeth a fhinne of furha 
boat and long bei. url 


tin tothis day kun 
golde and filuer, vun 
not be able to gut i 
er Iſlands of the Juv 
nn fine u twenty pects, 
Ce of cattel snely wah 
tion did rail’ du 
rely 7 map th afin 
t to be comparcn tote 
er with vs: whicd 

clumatt: foponce ag 


ep it lelſe, which i600 i 


1. And becaufe . 


poe ther ope aum 


dico withebe lat 


DATES , hauing thet . 


tn mp thing at all, were glad in themlelurs to meete with ſueh good intert 
| thephad at our hands, Alter which depatture krom them, fers ge 


ðditechol September we came to PadRowinC 
mord times: in Me b ow ih e orne wall, God be thanked, in fafetie, 


: ieperfonsin all the voyage, and wit 
r of them are lou ot iocutie pe the vopag ith great profit to the venturers of 


4 allo to the whole realme, in bringing home both golde, luer 
de. his name cherefope be pꝛaiſed for cuermore, Amen. 


we founded ther: 
at becalmed, and 
bery glad theres 
re oz fue daves, 
uch fich as would 


e thippes , but they not looking 

alnement at fea, ag 
good large winde the twens 
with the loſle 


pearles and other iewels great 


The names of certaine Gentlemen that were in this voyage. 


M. Ioha Hawkins, 

M. Iohn Chefter, ſir William Chefters foune, 
+ Anthony Parlchurſt. 

M. Fitzwilliam, 

M. Thomas Woorley, 

M. Edward Lacie {bith diuers others. 


*. Regiſter and true accounts of all herein expreffed hath beene 


approoued by me John Sparke 


the youn ho w 
voyage , and wrote the fame, younger,who went vponthe fame 


animated to folliome 


ke wa / Comers 
ards the coaſt of Guinea, and are 
e landed 150 men, hoping to obs 
great hurt and damage to dur men. 


atria’ 
the ſaid voyage, as 8 of 
9 5 


although in the beginning they letmed Ennenomed 


Lbatts yet there berdip efcapen anp that han blood Dratuen of hem, bin bier in . 


ith chet moutbes Hue {ome tenne dayes before they died, and alter their wounds 
eff woundes, pet thankes be to God, efcapen, 

Guinea, ſearching with atl diligence the rivers 

till che cwelfeh of Aanuurie, in wbich time we ban not got⸗ 
mme E the ſicknelle of our men, ann the 

* late 


of tbe Welt Indias, I was with the reſt of our company in conſultation to goe to the coatt of ty 
Mine, hoping there to haue obtained ome golde fod our wares, and thereby to haue defraied an 
charge. But euen in that prefent inſtant, there came to vs a Negro, (ent from a king, oppretty 
by other Kings his neighbours, deſiring our aide, with pꝛomiſe that as many Negros as by thek 
watres might be obtained, aſwell of bis part as of ours, ſhould be at our pleaſure: whereupon yy 
concluded to giue aine, and (ent 120 cf our men, which the 15 of Jan :arie, allaulted a towne 


Browne of the Negros ot our Allies aduerſaries, which hab in it 8000 Inhabitants, being very ſtronglym 


auen, Negros pated and fented after their manner, but it was lo well Defended, that our men preuatlea not, n 
lof Gre men and foztie hurt: fo that our men ſent foꝛthwich to me foz moze heipe: whereupon cin 


fivering that the good ſucceſle of this enterpꝛiſe might highly further the commaoditie of our | 


age, I went my felfe, and with the helpe of the king of our ſide, allaulted the to wne, both bylm 
and fea, and very hardly with fire (their houfes being couered with dꝛy Palme leaues ) obtain 
the towne, and put the Inhabitants to fligbt, where we tooke 250 perlons, men, women, ech 
dzen, and by our friendthe king of our five there were taken Soo pꝛiſoners, whereof we hoper ty 


No truetg in haue had our charles but the Negro (in which nation is ſeldome op neuer found truth) mean Fe 


fares, thing leſſe: for that night he remooued his campe and pꝛiloners, lo that we were faine to cony 
vs with chofe few which we had gotten our ſelues. 

Now had we obtained between foure and ſlue hundzed Negros, wherwith we thought it fms 
wh it reaſonable to ſeeke the coaſt of the Welk Indies, and chere, for our Negros, and other our 
merchandise, we hopedto obtaine, whereof to counteruaile cur charges with ſome gaines, wher, 
unto we proceeded With all diligence, kurniſhed our watering, tooke fuell, and de parti d the tun 
of Guinea the third of Febzuarie, continuing at the fea with a pallage moze hard, then belhe 

hath bene accuſtomed till the 27 day of March, which day we had fight of an Band, called Do. 

Domini. minica, vpon the coaſt of the Weſt Indies , in fourteene degrees: trom thence we coattey from 

place to place, making our traffike with the Spaniards as we might, ſome what hardly, becanfe 

the king had ſtraightly commander all his Gouernoꝛs in thoſe parts, by no meanes to lier anp 

trade to be made with vs: notwichſtanding we had reaſonable trade, and courteous entertaine: 

ment, from the Ile of Margarita vnto Cartagena, without any thing greatly woꝛth the noting, 

fauing at Capo de la Vela, in ate wne culled Rio de la Hacha(from whente tome all thepriris) 

the treaſurer who had the charge there, would by no meanes agree to anp trade, oz ſuſſtr us to 

take water, he had fortified his todone with diners bulwarkes in all places where it might bern 

tered, and kurniſhed himſelle with an hundzed Dargabusiers, ſo that he thought by fammera 

haue inforced vs tu “aue put a land our Negros : of which purpofe he had not greatly faite, yn: 

leffe we had by force entred the towne: which (after we could by no meanes obtaine his fuour) 

Rio de la Hacha we were enforced to doe, and fo with two hundzed men bzake in vpon their bulwarkes, moentred 

taken. the towne with the loſſe onely of two men of our partes, and no hurt done te the Spaniards be: 
caufe after their volep of thot diſcharged, they all ficb, 

Thus hauing the town wich lome circumſtance. as partly by the Spaniards deſirecf Negros, 
and partly bp friendſhyip of the Treaſurer, we obtain · d a lecret trade: whereupon he Spaniards 
reforten to vs by night, and bought of vs to the number of 200 Negros: in all other plates when 
we traded the Spaniards inhabitants were glad of vs and traded willingly. 

— taine to dealt with any Spaniard, the gouernour was fo ſtraight, and becaufe our trade tues fo 
necre finithed we thought not good either to aduenture any landing, oz to detract further tunt, du 
ö in peace departed from thence the 24 of Julp, hoping to haue eſcaped the time of their tonnes 
| Puticanes, which then ſoone after began to reigne, the which they call Furicanos, but paſſing by the Met 
end of Cuba, towards the coaſt of Florida there happened to vs the 12 day of Augult an extrem 
forme which continued by the {pace of foure dapes , which ſo beat the leſus, that we tut dole 
all her higher buildings, her rudder alſo was ſoze (haken, and withall was info ertreme aleake 


that we were rather vpon the point to leaue her then to keepe her any longer, pet hopingto hung ; 


TFL All to good paſle, we ſought the coatt of Florida, where we found no place nop Pauen ford thips, 
4 betaule of the ſhalowneſſe of the coat: thus being in greater diſpaire, and taken witha newe 

a ftoome which continued other 2 dayes, we were inforced to take for our ſucccur the Wort whicd 
ſerueth the citie of Mexico talled Saint lohn de Vllua, which Ranverh ia 19 degrees: in feching 
of which yore we tooke in our way; Chips which carritd paſſengers to the number of an bundy, 
which we hoped ſhould be a me ane to vs the better to obtaine v twats 100 ous mont 
@a quiet place fop the repairing of our fleete, SDboptlp after this the 16 ol e, 


—: pppd pp, , ̃ ¶, , , ,, . 88“ 
522 The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, MA. lobn Hawkins; 


3ĩêðʒ¹ ð ¾ d ³ꝛ¹ MO ³ ⁰¹¹¹ ³qx⁊ↄNꝓꝓ SNN d 
late time of the pcete commanded vs awap: and thus hauing nothing where with to feeke the coag 


eee 


At Cartagena the laſt toune we thought to haue ſeene on the coall. we could by no meanesob: | 


it is to be 
water in 
maine lan 
any other 
that vnlel 
is no rem 
of necefli 
no they t 
in two da 


8 
8 


a, —— — 
hy Hawkins M.lohn Hawkins.3. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


wühto leeke the cag ene 523 
6 Coal the pop: of @paint lohn de Vilua and in ou entrie the S aniarves t 

goe ones Of thy of Spaine, the chiefe officers of thet cane — which — an be tee ere pune inde 
I Aled og pectarion were grearly oifmapen but tnunedletiy then thep lame out bemand was noching but athe tend 

ating, oppzeln victuals , were recomfoptcn, A found alla in the fame oft twelue ſbips which had in 5 — \ 
N Negros as by teh the report tuo hundzed thouland pound in gold x ſiluer, all which being in my polſeſlion withthe 
alure: whereupon he ings Nlaup as allo the paſſengers before in my may thither ard Haven) I let at libertie with⸗ 
e lauten aten , durhe taking from them the waighe of a goat: onelp becauſe J would not be delayed of in 
. id b — 1 — ro of emacion and fent oli immediatiy to Mexico , which was ting 

, 7 2 > 

geipes whereupon an — Prefloences and Councell there, chewing them of 


ommoditie of our un. 

e towne, both bp lay 

alme leaues) obtaing ; weene 

, men, women, ich, bs and them, but for the better maintenance of amitie, their com | 1 
swhereof we hohen MF shat bebalfe, This meflage being fent away the 7 bog of Sheprenier — a 10 
und truth) mea tte verp day of our arriuall, in the nert moꝛning which wag tbe ſeuenteenth day of the 8 ta | 
were faine to com moneth, we fawe open of the Pauen thirteene great thipp 0 


A 8, 
tbe ficete of Spaine , J Cent immeni atlp to abuertite the on 1 budesfanding them to bee Che konte of 


of 1. 

th we thought it ms doing him co vndcrano , that before J would luffer them to enter oe, 1555 foo fore 

degros , and other ou onder of condition paſſe betweene vs fo? our ſafe being there, and maintenance af peace, Nom 

ith ſome gaines, tober it is to be vnderſtood that this Poꝛt is made by a little Bland of ones not three foote aboue the 

and de parte the coal water in the highelt place, and but a bow · ſhodt of length any way, this Fano ſtandeth from the pen g.“ 
noze hard, then belo maine land t wo bow Hhootes oz move , allo it is to be vnderdioop that there is not in all this coal 4. V 
an Aland. calm Do. anp otyer place fo} (hips to arrine in fafety , becaute the koßth winde bath here uch violence 

hence we coaterfem f hat vnlelle the pipes be very lafely moped with their ankers fattened vpon this Aland there 

ewhat hardly, beruſe FR isno remedie Fop thele Noꝛth windes but Death : allo the place of the Pauen was fo little that toinbes 
o meanes to litera cel necellite the thippes mut ride one aboopn the other, lo that we could not giue place to the — 
wou nene, , ee to un s and bere Abegamne to bewaile that which after followeD , foo now, fain 7 Lam : 
ulr worch the wum, in two dangers, and fore to receive the one of them, Chat mas, either J mut haue kept out 

e tome all thepearles) : 5 the fleete from entring the Boꝛt, the which with Oods belpe K was very well able vo doe, oz elſe 

p trade, oꝛ fufterysto fuſfter them to enter in with their accuttomen treaſon, which they neuer fa pe 


z where it might be tu 
thought by kanmuntto 
not greatly failed, on: 
es obtaine hs fixour) 
bulwarkes, and entted 
te the Spaniards be: 


thep map baut opportunttle, to compatie it by any meancs : if J bap aay ben unte where 


ros Defireof Negros, 
scupon the Spmiards 
all other places where 


p. 

ould by no meiresob· 
auſe our trade us fo 
tract further tun. hut 


time of their omnes 

t palling by the alt 

of 3 

s, that we cut de tard might 

x in ſo extreme altaſe Te 1 chief 

e. pet hopiagto dying e qUaRDOF the Aland to be in dur one kecping, which if — 

deen fo igs Sr et San winde they had dle bad bad, e bab foone ken The peace 

nh taken witha newe 

— 

9 degrtes:in {er 

number of an bury, FR Sende none ofe:ber part Won be meaneco violate che peace of death: 

ctuate {07 ous mont, pot de concluded that the two Generals of 2 — 
K 2 


concluded 


A Wiceron 
falle of his 
fap, 


he treafon 
brake foojth. 


The Minion ef» 
caped hardip. 


he leſus eſca · 
ped pardip. 


Sharpe wars. 
3.{hips of the 


Spaniards 
conſumed. 


A Hart cafe. 


TheEnglith Voyages, &c. M. lohn Hawkins, 


— — __” 
concluded a the fleete entered the Pozt, laluting one another as the maner of the lea doth require 
Thus as J (aid befope,churfoap we entred the ope, Friday we ſaw the fleete, and on munday » 
night they entered tie Pot: then we laboured 2 Dates placing the Engliſh Hips bythemſelutsz 
the Mpamch hips bpthemfelues, the captaines of ech part ¢ inferiour men of their parts Prom 
fing great amity of a. fines: which euen as with all fidelitie it was ment on cur part, ſo the Span, 
ards ment nothing lee on their parts, but From the maine land had lurniſhed themſelues withe 
fupplp of men to the number of 1000, and ment the nert thurfoap being the 23 of September y 
dinner time to fecvponvaon all fives, The ſame Thurſday in the mozming the treafon being a 
hand. (ome appearance ſhewed, as ſhikting of weapon from ſhip to Hip , planting and Bending of 
ordinance from the (hips to the Jland where our men warded, palling too and fro of companies d 
men moge thes quired for their neceſlary bulmes, ¢many other ill likelihoo ds, which cauſed ys 
to haue a veheꝛ wen ſulpition, and therewit hall ſent to the UAiceroy to enquire what was ment wp 
it, Which ſent :smedtaclp ſtraight commandement to vnplant all things ſuſpicious, and allo fey 
word that he in the Fath of a UAiceroy would be our defence from all villanies. Met we herng ay 
latilſied wich this anſwer e. becaufe we ſuſpetted a great number of men to be biv in a great hy 
of hoo tunnes which was moped next vn o the Minion, ſent againe to the Uicerap the want 
the leſus which had the Spaniſh congue, und required to be latilſied tf any ſuch thing wi tem. 
The Uiceroy now (ering that the treaſon mutt ve diſcouered, foozthwith Raped vse mader bey 
the Trumpet, and of all fides let vpon vs: our men which warden a pode being rice vg 

ſudden fare, gaue place, fled, and fought ta recouer fuccour of the ſhips; the Spantardes being 

before pꝛouided forthe purpofe landed in all places in mulueudes fron: their hips wihechthy 

might eaſily doe without boates, and lit we all our men a luce without merete a fewe of therm 

clcapen abooꝛd the leſus. The great Hip which had by the ed ation the hunden men place 

in her letretly, unmediatly fell aboozd the Minion, but by Gods appointment, in ihr amen 

the ſuſpicion we had. which was onely one halle houre, the Minion was ade reo ie to aui an 

fo lecſing her hedkalls, and hayling away bp the ſter no kaſtes the was gotten dat: chug eg 

helve he gekended the violenceof the firtt brunt of chele thꝛee hundzed nen, The Micionbeng 

pa aut, chep cane ahn zw the leſus, which allu with very much a ode ann the lolle of mayg 

ok our men were di te enn kept out. Then were there alfo two other (hips chat aileuitey 

the leſus at the fame iu hat the han ard getting looſe, but pet with ſome time we hap 

tut our head-fattes and guctem aut h the Kernc-fattes, Nowe when the leſus and the Minion 

were gotten about two Heyes feugeh from the Spaniſh flecte, the fight be anne fo hotte on all 

fines that within cre hours z Adunratk of the Spantards was ſuppole d to ve ſunke, their Gres 

abmirall burn ed aud one oryee ok their pꝛincipall hips ſuppoled to befunke, { chat the lite 

were little able to annoy vs. 

Then is it to be vnderttocd, that all the Dadinance vpon the Jlande was is: the Spaniarres 
handes, which did vs fo great aunoyance, that it cut all the maſtes and pardes of the lens, m 
ſuch fort that there was no hope to carrie her away: allo it ſunke our ſmall ſhiynes, wtteupon 
we determined te plate the leſus on that fide of the Minion, that he might abide allthe butt 
krom the land, anv fo be a defence for the Minion till night, and then to take ſuch celtefe of victu: 
all and other nece ſlaries from the leſus, as the time would ſuffer vs, and to le aue her. As we wen 
thus determining, and had placed the Minion from the thot of the land, ſudde nly the Spanians 
yoy fired two great ſhippes which were comming directly with vs, and hauing no mesnes tow 
uolue the fire, it bzedde among our men a maruellous feare, ſo that ſome ſayd, let vs Depart with 
the Minion, other ſaid, let vs fee whither the winde will carrie the fire from vs. But coved, 
the Minions men which had al wayes their ſayles in a readineſſe, thought to make ſure wonkt an 
fo without either conſent of the Captaine op Patter cut their ſaile, fo that very hardly J wastes 
ceiued into the Minion. 

The mok part of the men that were lekt a live in the le ſus made ſhift and followed che Minion 
in a ſmall boat, the reſt which the little baate was not able to receiue, were inforecd to able the 


Small hope to mertie of the Spaniards (which J doubt was very little) fo with the Minion only and the lud th 
rams t V ( a ſmall barke of so tunne) we efcaped, tobtch barke the fame night foxfooke vs in our reat mi- 


4 ftoyms. 


ſerie: we were now remooued with the Minion from the Spaniſh ſhips two bow. ſhootes, and 
there rode all that night: the nere moꝛning we recouered an Jland a mile from the Spamardes, 
where there tooke vs a Roth winde, and being lekt onelp with two ankers and two cables (in 
in this conflict we loft tinee cables and two ankers) we thought alwayes vpon den th which euct 
was pꝛeſent, but God pꝛeſerued vs to a longer time. 

Che weather waged reafonable, and the Daturday we fet faile, and haunn eat n.: 


we oune t 
wehoped 
pair ok o 
Ack our ov 
out water 
wen of reli 
people bet 
Aud fu 
MANUS, 7 
of thy athe 
tay’ ch bein 
ac? al to 
Whe ne 
preparing 
by no meat 
fo. thiptwrs 
But pet 
departed th 
the (ivecent! 
In nes, au 
the Glandes 
with Fannin 
ſcantly able 
we determi: 
ther ertrea 
called Pont 
a great par 
there were 
nelle was k 
bu: with all 
ſhips and tu 
20 bey ot J 
led be God t 
I all the 


thzoughly w 
that wꝛote th 


The fir! 


ant ca 
anoth 
Wiritte 
ner fol 
Plate b 
yeere | 
2 
to 
pl 

ta 


With che other 


. — 
} Ham int.. 


nr 
the lea doth require, 
te, and on Munday a 
bips by themſelutszz 
ok their parts prom, 
ir part, ſo the Span, 
ed themſelues with, 
23 of September y 
the treafon being x 
ating and Bending of 
d fro of companies es 
ODS, which cauſed ys 
re what was ment ip 
Dtctous , and allo fem 
Bo Wet me Hern ay 
ve hid in a Artat thy 
Hic the walnut 
ch th wete on nee, 
ped vue nder bey 
being kicker toy 
e Spartardes brug 
eir thipis Whichthy 
rete a fewe often 
Hundpen men place 
ment, in iby ameof 
e reobie to auor and 
datt Chas beth Gong 
he Mision being 
n the lolle vf rang 
r hips chat aleuitep 
h ſome time we hay 
eſus and the Minion 
Tanne ſo hotte on all 
ve funke, their durt⸗ 
e, {6 chat the lippe 


Bi the Spaniarnes 
roes of the leſas, in 
l ſhippes, wtreupon 
abide all the bet ert 
ſuch telielt of victu: 
aue her. As we bott 
enly the Spaniards 
ling no mesnes toa 
od, let vs Depart with 
vs. Bue tobe ther, 
nake ſure worke,and 
ry hardly J wastes 


followed che Minion 
infoꝛced to abioe the 
n only and the ludieh 
e vs in our great mi 
vo bow. ſhootes, and 
m the Spamardcs, 
and two cables (fo 
on death which euct 


} Tey Cat number 
nee 4 


8 
. 


IA. Francis Drake. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


ger inforced 


vs to ſecke the land, for hides mere thought very good meat, rata, cata, mice and dogs, rone cf. Meru 


that might be gotten, parrats and monkepes that were had in great pice, were thought 
— profitable it they ſerued the turne one dinner: thus in 


pe 
victuall, nop has 


urn ol reliefe, but a place where hauing faire weather with ſome perill we might land a boat: our 
people being foꝛced with hunger delired to be fet on land, whereunto 7 onfenced, 


Aud ſuch as were willing to land J put them apart, and ſuch as were befirous to goe hemes 


| waves, J put a part, ſo that they were indifferently parted a hundzed of one five and a hund ed * 
dat the other lide: theſe hundꝛed men we let a land with all diligence inthis little place before laid, men et on 
wapchbelng landed, we Determined there to take in fret water, and fo with our licele remaine of 4 4545 


he mere day hauing a land with me fiftie of our hundzeth men that remained foz the ſpeedier 


| preparing ok our water abooꝛd, there arofe an extreame ſcoꝛme, lo that in the dayes we could 
by no meanes repaire abooꝛd our ſhip: the chip alſo was in ſuch perill that euerp houre we looked 222 


lo; (hiptupacke, 

805 pet God agalne had mertie on vs, and {ene faire weather, we had aboozd our water, and 
depatted the litt eenth day of October, after which day we had faite and profperous weather till 
che lirteench day ol Nouem ner, which day God be prapled we were cleere ftom the coaſt of the 
Junes, aud out ok the chanel and gulfe of Bahama, which is betweene the Cape of Florida, and 
the landes ol lucayo. After this growing neere to the tolde countrey, our men being oppꝛeſſed 
with famine, died continually, and they that were left, grew into luch weakeneſſe that we were 
ſcantly able to manage our ſbippe, and the winde being alwayes ill fo) vs to recouer England, 
we determined to goe with Galicia in Spaine, with intent there to relieue our companie and os 
ther ertreame wantes. Aud being arriued the laſt dap of December in a place neere vnto Vigo 
tailed Ponte Vedra, une men with erteſle of frech meate grew into miſerable diſſeaſes, and died 
a great part ot them. Cins matter was bonne out as long as it might be, but in the end although 
there were none of our men ſuffered to Soe a land, yet bp arceſſe of the Spaniards, our feeble⸗ 
nelle was knowen to them, CCihereupon they cealcd not to fecke bp all meanes to betrap bs, 
bu: with all (peeve polſible we departed to V BO, Where we had ſome helpe of certaine Englich 
hips and twe lue freſh men, wherewith We repaired our wants as we might, and departing the 
zꝛ0 hey ok Januatp 15 6 8 arriued in Mounts bay in Corne wall the 2 5 of che fame moneth, pꝛat· 
{cd be God therefope, 

If all the miferies and trounleſome aff ures of this forowfull voyage ſhould be perfectly and 
theoughlp written, there houtoneene a painefull man wich his pen, and as great a time as he had 
tha: wpote the liues and deathes of the Martyrs, 


Joux Hawkins, 


The firft voyage attempted and {et foorth by the expert and vai. 
ant captaine M. Francis Drake himſelſe, with a fhip called the Dragon, and 
another ſhip and a Pinneſſe, to Nombre de Dios, and Darsene, about the yecte 1 5725, 
Written and recorded by one Lopez Vus 2 Portugal borne in the citie of Eluas, in ma- 
ner follows which Portugale , with the diſcouiſe about him, was taken at the riuer of 


Plate by the thips fet foorth by the Right Honourable the Earle of Camberland, in the 
yeere 15 8 6, 


bere was acertaine Englich man named Francis Drake, wie hauing intelligence 
how the towne ok Nombre de Dios in Nueua Elpanna, bad but ſinali ove ot peo 

ple remaining there, came on a night, and entred the Wore with koure inneiles, end 

landed auout 150 men g leauing 70 men witha trumpet. in a Foꝛt which was there, 
With the ocher do he entred the towne, without doing 1 harme, till he came to the market place, 
* 7 and 


526 


he batiane 
ervloitof q. 
Francis Dra 
detwirxt Paas · 


ma And Nombse and ſiluer from Panamato Nombre de Dios, who in companie of tbeſe Negros went ture 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, MA. Francis Drake, 


and there diſcharged his caliuers, ¢ ſounded a trumpet very loud, and the other which be ban lil 
in the Font anſwered him alter the fame maner, with che dilcharging eheir caliuers, and fou 

their crumpers: the people hereupon not thinking of any ſuch matter, were put in great leute 
waking out of their lleepe fled all into the mouncaines, inquiring one of another what the mate 


fhoutd be, re maming as men amazed, not knowing what that vpꝛode was which happencd of Fe — 
denly in the to mne. But 14 03 15 of them iopning together with their har quebuzes, went ut duo Dap 
market place to knom what they were that were in the tow ne, and in a corner of the marker plag chaine 
they dio diſcouer the Engliſbmen, and ſceing them to be but fewe, diſcharged their caliuen a woythe 
thole Engliſhmen: their fortune was ſuch that they killed che Trumpetter, and ſhot one cf in ame 
principall men thopow che legge, who ſeeing bimlelke hurt. retpged to the Font, where the tit ing tich 
their company was left: they which were in the Foꝛt founded their Trumpet, and le cin thy rotake,| 
they in the tow ae did not anſ were them, and hearing the caliuers, thought that all they uch wp cheat 
towne had bene flaine , and thereupon flen to their Pumeſles: the Englilb captaine commingy whichch 
the Font, and not finding bis men which be left there, he and his were in ſo great feare, thin Me favw the 
uing their kurniture behind chem, and putting eff their hole, they wamme, and wadedalloumm ] vunneſle 
Piuneſſes, and fo went wich their (hips againe out of the ort, chev kill 

Thus this Englich Captaine called Francis Drake, deyarted from Nombre de Dios, lm 1 but this 
onely one man in the towne which was looking out of a windowe to fee what the matter wis m land and 
of his men had onely his Trumpeter Maine, gone hal 


But he being dilcontented with the reyulſe which he had receiutdthere. came to the foumg 
Datiene, aud hauing conference with certaine Negros whith were fed from their mattersof?,. 
nama, and Nombre de Dios, the Negros bid tell hun, that certaine Mules came lade n wit) gla 


pire: AE ec GR wae 
E. 
3 
=} 


on on land, and Taped in the wap where the treaſute ſhoulo come with an bundzed for, ann fy 


tooke two companies of mules, which came oncly with their diuers miſtruſting not! ing, an he . 

carried awap the gold onelp , for they were not able to carrie the ſiluer through the meusincg, fiue (ope h 

M.Francis Drake And twa dayes after he came to the houſe of Croſſes, where he killed fire oz ſeuen marchouts but Among 

burnerbepouls founv no golde nop ſiluer but much marchandize: ſo he fired the houle, where was bunt aboue > thep went 

*r cru. 200000 Ducketsin marchandize, and ſo went to his Hip againe: and within halfe an hurt l | tainebane 

ter he was a thip-boogd, there came dotune to the ſanves chace hundzed thot ol the Spaniartsm > they had l 

the fight of bis hips , of purpofe to ſecke him, but he caren little fog them being cut of theta, foure iour 

and lo departed with bis treafure, ners woul 

. i his wozd, 

The voyage of ohn Oxnam of Plimmoutbh, to the VVef? Inda, ad bileorhes 

ouer the ſtraight of Dariene into the South ſea. Anno 1575. Writtenby . would fee 

the forefaid Lopex Vax in the ſaid diſcourſe. : ite 

sero Were was another Englichman, tho hearing of the ſpoyle that Francis Drake has | ntavos had 

¢ 17 done vpon the coaſt of Nueua Eſpanna, and of his geod aduenture un (afe tee TR treeaſure ik! 

eurne home, was thereby pouoked to undertake the like enterpziſe, wich aby vowes and 

ol 140 tunnes, and 70 men, and came thither, and had allo conference with te company w 

Pe coer (orelatoe Negros: and hearing that the golde and filuer which came vpon e fe England. 

Mules From Panama to Nombre de Dios, was now conducted wi h ſouldiers, he Determined ten all thing 

to do that which neuer any man before enterpꝛiſed: and landed in that place where Francis Dr ned to Pana 

before had had his conference with he Negros. This man couered his hip after he hab hg would haue 

ber aground with boughes of trees, and hid his great Ordinance in the ground, and fo nat ie Powe w 

wing anp man in bis thip, be tooke two (mall pieces of oꝛvinance, and bis caliuers, ano goes o, and they 

Move of victuals, and ſo went with the Negros about twelue leagues into the maine land, toa ards lay) Fo 

riner that goeth to the South ſea, and there he cut wood and made a Ppinneſſe, which was fur un TE chacche lice 

foptie Foote by the kerle, and hauing made this Pinneſſe, be went into the South ſea, carrying keep, ſent a 

fire Negros with him to be his guides and fo went to the Jland o Ptarles, which is fines doer talnesto fect 

=e ae tie leagues from Panama, which is in the wap that they come from Peru to Panama, andihete andehere tot 
e be was ten dexes wich ut iber ang bimſelfe to any man, to ee tf be might get anp tip htcame I tnth ye f 

en krom Peru: At laſt, there tame a ſmall Barke by, which came from Peru from aplace called Panama. An 

Quite, tebich betooke and fount inter Getic thouland pesos of golde, and much victuals, SE lteuct yz the 

not contencing himſelke with this prise, bee ſtaptd long without lending away his prise w m Wherrupon h. 

of the men, and in the ende of fire dapes aftcr , hee tooke another Bake which tame from Lime, f Caycaine the 


in which he cooke an bundzed thouſand pesos of fuer in bares, with the which bee si 


rancis Drak 


Fobn Oxnam. Traffiques, and Difcoueries, 


527 

K- i 

ocher which be hau Pencren the riuer, but fick he went intothe Bands to ſerif be could find any pearles: 

fer crn fou = — found a few, and ſo returned to his pinneſle againe,¢ fo ſailin 42 

e put in great festem 

hocher what the mug FR 4 | 
whichbappencd o / g 0 and the Gouernour within 
Irquebuses, went tory sto dayes ſeut foure barkes with 100 men, 2 men in euerpone, and Negros to rowe with the 0 
ner of the market play | taptaine lohn de Ortega, which went to the Alland of peartes, and there had intelligence, which { 
arged their caliners g wop the Cnglith men were gone, and following them he met bp the wap the ſhips which the En⸗ ‘Yh 
er, aud ſhot one of thy glu men had taken, ol whom he learned, that the Engliſh men were gone vp the riuer, and he go⸗ g 
Fon, where the teh ing thither when he came to the mouth of the riuer. the captaine ol Panama knew not which wap 1 
mpet, and ſeeing thy to take, becaule there were thyee partitions in the riuer to Goe bp in, and being determine d to goe 
bt that all they u vychegreate d of the thꝛee ruers, he law comming Downe a teller riuer maup feathers of hennes 14 
b captaine commingy whichthe Englichmen had pulled to eate, and being glad thereof, 
o great feare, chu 


hee went vp that riuer where bee 
lau the keachers. and after chat he had bene in that riuer foure daies, he f 
c, and wade d all to they 


eee 


mbre de Dios , § ry 
pat the mattet was am 


> 
3 
8 
= 
8 
S 
= 
2 
5 
= 
a 


ugliſhmen by 


the countrey: hee had not 
gone palfe a league, but hee found a houſe made of boughs, where they found all the Engliſhmens 
be totem pinneſles, the Spaniaros were 

determined to goe away, without following the Engliſh men anp further. 


e. tame to the foun 
om their maſtersofp. 


S ie ign dist Seat 


6 tame Ladin witha But at the end of three vayes, the Engliſh captaine came to the riuer with all his men, and a: en bes 
Negros went thy boue 200 Hegros, and let vpon the Spantards wich great Furp: But the Spaniards hauing ebe {tate ere 
n hundzed foe, anv i aduantage of trees which they Goon behind, did eaſilp pzeuaile, and killed eleuen Engluhmen, and beSpaniarys 
ruſting notl ing mde TE five Negros, and tooke other ſeuen Englichmen allue, but of the S pani 

rough the nicwueaing, ö i 

2 feven mathe vw 

here was burne aue 

thin halſe an hour aß 


0 to the place where 
ot ok the Spaniartsm : Nomiſed him to carie it, although they made thrce og 
peinng cut of ther tuch, > foure iourneys ofit, for hee pꝛonuſed to Sue them part of it belldes their wages, but the mari⸗ 


aptaime being angry berauſe they would not take 


VV eft India, and 
1575. Written by 


gros to carie it, men that hee ban lelt in his pinneſſe which ranne 
| trom the Spaniards, and the reſt allo which ran from t 
niatos ad Done, and chen making Frienpihip with all bis men, bee pꝛomiled them halfe of all the 
nueesſure if they got it froin the Dpaniarys , and the Negros pꝛomiſed 
vowes and arrolwes, and thereupon they came to lecke the Spaniarns, 


that Francis Drake ha 
aduenture ann Cafe tee 
ncerpaite , with athip 
Co conference with the 
which came vpon the 


d bodies, and hauing got⸗ 

ildiers, he determines heir pinneſſe with him he retur⸗ 

e where Francis Dr’ ned to Panama: ſo the vopage ol that Engliſh man did not pꝛoſper with him, as hee thought it 

pip after he ya byonghe would haue done. 

ground, and fo nat lee Rowe when the foure barkes were come to Panama, they ſent abuife alſo to Nombre de di- 

his calluers, ad ge I os, and they of Nombre de dios ſent alſo from them other foure barkes which (as the Spant: 

to the maine land, to ards fap )founn the Englith chip where the was bio, and brought her to Nombre de dios and 

lſe, which was lu s Tie thatthe Uiteroy of Peru not thinks 

e South fea, carryng 

8, which is finer tuen · ö 
to Panama, d ihett were liche. np were taken, and the reli led ene i 
get any (hip thet came With the Negros, who in the end betvape them tothe Spaniards » fo chat they were brought ta Stats 

ru fromaplace cue f Panama, And the Aullter of Panama afken the Cnghs captaine whether bee hab the Qucenes — 
dmuch bictiais, Det dulce n Che licence of anyother Prince oʒ Lor for bis attempt. And beanfwered he had none, 
away his prise op amy bee and all bis mere condentned toope, and fo were all exeruted, ſauing the ö 
shich came from Lima, sthe Patter, the Pilot, and fine bopes which were caried to Lima, and there the Cape NRG | 
which e Vas erakeD wlebebe oer tw, ba ehe bey ie pet ning. i 


The 


The Englifh Voyages, Nauigations, ohn Oxnam, 


Che King of Spaine hauing intelligence of theſe matters, ſent 300 men of warre againd thoy 
Negros which bad aſſiſte d thoſe Cuglih men, which before were ſlaues vnto the Opanlards, 
and as before is Capp, flen from theit matters vnto thofe mountaines, and ſo topned themfelys 
to the Engliſhmen, to tte ende they might the better reuenge themſelues on the Dpantarrs, 

At the Girl comming of theſe 300 louldiers, they toc he many of the Negros, and execun 
great luſtite vpon them: But after a ſeaſon. the Negras grew wile and warp, and preucncen iy 
Spaniards, ſo that none of them could be taken, 

Che Dpaniards ol that countrey marueiled much at chis one thing, to fee that fince secon 
quering of this land. there haue bene many Frenchmen, chat haue come to thoſe Countrtps, bu 
neuer law Englith men there but onely thole two of whom J haue {poken, And although ther, 
haue mouy Frenchmen bene on the coal, pet neuer durſt they put foote vpon land, only thole rr, 
Englich men aduencured it, and did ſuch exploits, as are before tcmembꝛed. 

l theſe things comming to the bearing of the king of Spaine, he pꝛouided two Gallies ng 


be eng appointed to keepe thole coaſtes: ani the fit peere they tooke fire op ſcuen French whips, dy 
8 coming alter that this was knowen, these wert na more Engliſlamen oz F renchmen ok ware that dul 


cauſed the king aduenture to appꝛoch the coaſt, vn dere 1586, that the aforefapo Francis Drake 
Sab ame with a wrong flecte of 24 fh ee bude ſpoile of Sanco Domingo, Carthage 
fokecperpe and S. Auguſtine, things thai KU call the wozlde. But it is likely that ik the King of 


Ha del Gl. 


Spaine live, be will in time c uide Cufficient remenp , to keepe his countteys and Cubiects tom 
the inuafion of other nations. 


The voyage of Mafter Andrew Barker of Briftal,with two thips, 


the one called the Ragged flaffe , the other the Reare ,to the coaſt of Ten 
firma,and the Bay of Honduras inthe ' , ere 1576. Whereinthe 
reafons are premiſed which mooued him to ſet forth this voyage againſt the Spani. 
ards : collected out of certaine notes and examinations touching this enterpnieby 
M. Fiel ard Hakluyt, 
of Fel of all Andrew Barker hauing above in one of the Canary Aſlands tall re. 
netif fop atertaine time, and returning ome left behind him Charles Chefter 
the ſonne of Dominic Cheſter merchant of Briſtol) to learn the language uw 
the ſapd Andrew Barker fopt) with vpon his arriuall in England, in Nuumbtt, 
1574, fraighted a ſmall hip (named the Speedwell of Briſtol) to goe foyeCa. 
9 # naries with cloth and other merchan viſe ol a great value. Me Cent alſo one lohn 
Drue of Baſtable as his F acto to make Cale and diſpoſe of the laid goods. ho when he arrutd t 
Tenerif, landed the marc handize, and ſent home the barke with ſome ſmall quantity of wine, mas 
king account to fell the ſayd wares to greater aduantaq v in pꝛouiding wines and ſugar ſnthe las 
ding of another ſhip, which Andrew Barker had point en ta fend thither. Allo accopinets = 
his purpoſe plaid Andrew in March following fent a ſhipc alled the Chriftopher of C auh, 
Captaine wherof was one Henry Roberts of Briftol: who when he bad landed in Tenenf, z wis in 
good hope to find the lain of his ſhip in a readmes, to raryto his expectation, was ſuddenly tal in 
to prifon: the Spaniards alleaging that Andrew Barker was accufen ta the inquiſici by Charles 
Chefter, whereupon his goods were conſiſcat, his facto lohu Drue was attachen, and he alloſche 
{aid captaine Roberts) beiug as they ſuppoſed Barkers partner, was in c font to be umpiſantd. 
In ſine all the ko eſaid commodities appertainluq to the ſaid Andrew ant his bother M. hn 
Barker and others to the value of 1700 pound and »pwwards (as it both appeare by proolesolte 
coꝛd in the Aomiralty) were vtterly loſt, heing confifcat es the laid inquifition, Powobeit ceptaine 
Roberts by the meanes of a tri at veltueved out of on (which coft hun all the marchandie 
he brought with hun in his Hip). do retucued with deve fraight to e ſumme of 200 pound thut 
afterwards Andrew Barker diſcharged. In recompente of which inturie (fox that no ſutte pres 
naileth againg the inquiſition of Spaine) ꝶ alſo co recouer his loſſe of the Spaniards themiclues, 
athisowne charge with help of ends hee furnifie two Larker the Welt Indies, the 
greater of which barkes was called che Ragged ftaffe, hunſelfe being captaine, ¢ Philip Roche 
Maker thereot, the other named the Beare had one William Coxe of Limehouse (op het aie 


and captaine. And thus all our company being imbarkk «Pl mmouthon etthicfonvay inte 


beginning of June, we let forward, ¢ in our courſe we mee with a ſhix of London, al watts 
with auuther ſhip, but tooke nothing fro either o 1. Arrſt arviual was at one of the Alan 
of Cape Verde nume Del ſal, v. the Ille of alt cre woke certain fithes «allen Coptoiles: 
and there we remained one night and halle theba, oe . And from thence dee came 42 


— 


Alle ol 
traſfiqu 
kniues | 
cherout 
willages 
dies aut 
§ bicant 
apianeſ 
for bicti 
Alle ok! 
of Cana 
further d 
where w 
Aland 
hurt, but! 
hap and t 
we arriue 
Barker, A 
Fs knowlede 
further in 
ward Fron 

500 pounl 

in rials of 

in gold, w 
nom berag 
Feat be 
Andrew g 

q riuct of Ct 
landed 101 
(which are 
moꝛtall ene 
thep could 
the moſt p 
that within 
and veheme 
quantity of 
| hope , and. 
datt pieces o 
gation: and 
 fopvard in o 
| toughtopon 
© ere we fan 
| ofour compa 
(bp the direct 
barke wherir 
mother {ne 
uano or feeret 

was papd in g 
unn Illande 
within two da 
tame cauſes ſl 
ſcdhimas wel 
E biolencecn th 
ded, Alter chi 


N M., 


ey 


nuſmered hin: 


| poineedten pe 
niente ok the d 
bdour people; 


— | 


Fobn Oxnam, 


ol warre Again thoi 
vnto the Lopantarog, 
| fo ioyned themfelurg 
ueson the 

Negros, and execyeyy 
itp, and pʒcuented yy 


) fee that fince the com 
thoſe Countreys, by 
. And alehougt chery 
pn land, only thoſe tu 
. 

ided two Gallies wel 
n French Hips, au 
en ok warre that dul 
efapd Francis Drake, 
aningo, Carthage 
elp that ik the Ring of 
ps and fabiects trom 


vith two fhips, 
o the coaſt of Te 
1576. Whereinthe 
age againit the Spanie 
ing this enterprieby 


ary Bflanvs tali re. 
b him Charles Chefter 
rn the Language uw 
gland, in Nouumber, 
ſtol) to goe forthe Ca. 
He Cent alſo one lob 
who when he artiuevat 
quantity of wine, mas 
es and ſugar fnthe las 
Allo acco tens 
topher of D Munch, 
ed itt Tenenſ z was in 
n, was fuDdenly cain 
e inquificid by Charles 
ttachen,and he alfo(ibe 
efopt to beimpuſantd. 
6 his bꝛother W.lohn 
peare by pꝛooles aft 
on. Porwbeit captane 
m all the marchandizt 
nme Of 200 pound that 
e (fop that no lutte pres 
Spaniards themlelues, 
12 the Welt Indies, the 
caine, & Philip Roche 
ehoufe fos het uit 
von Ulhitſenvag inthe 
London, alt, ward 
das at one of the Aan 
ithes «alled —— 
ame 
hence det 2 


— testi 


ey iy eee — — ty “yer ee 

M. Andrew Barker. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 529 
— he 

Bile of Maio, being distant front lla del lal, 1405 T5 leagues, where we tooke infreth water and Che Ale 


seaffiqued with Certaine Poitugals inbabicing in chat place, of whom we han l — 
; — beades sanbchere we remained one day and one night: b —— 


ccheroully Maine bp thole Poztugals in reuenge of whichmurther we let on fire two of 
ö — Fromthis Alland wee taped our courfeouer the maine Ocean to oiheWacfln. Kr e 
dies andarttued happilp at the Iſland of Trinidad, and had conferen 


unement: and here we let yp Th alot 


— 


fopvictuals, And alter we hav {pent fire dayes in this place we 


Spanith chip haung in yer certaine pitch and 
of Canarte wines whereof we referuen 4 or 5 tunnes to our lelues, diſmnuſſin 


bay ann there me above 3 Dates, but nothin 
we arrined at Cape de la Vela, where grewe a contention bet weene our C 
Barker, and hig Malter Philip Roche, yy them concerning the 
knowledge of Rautgation,end about other quarels, which quarcls afterward were an occafion of 
further mifchiefe, ence we fated to the bap of Hulu (which is about 1 81 

ward from Carthagena ) where wee tocke a Frigat and certaine (reafure 
soo pound, namelp barten of gold, and ingots of filuer, and ſome quanti: 


rials of plate, and certaine greene llones called Emerauds, whereok one b teat, bei 

u gold, — ound tied fecretly about the thigh ok a krier. dienen ae 
nowberag purfuen by Spanish men of warre, Wee departed with the ſayd trealure and left the 

Feugat behind vs, all which trealure at that inſtant was committento the keeping ol our captaine 

Andrew Barker. Fromthence we palled to Nombre de dios, and ſo foonth tothe mouth ofthe Nombrede dios, 
| rluctofChagre 18 leagues diſtant from Nombre de dios towards the 


hope , and co Flemings,them wee broughe into England with vs: wee had therein alſofoure 
teiſt pieces of dinance, 3 harquebuses on crocke, 16 Spaniſh caliuers, and a bocke of Naui⸗ 
Frigat ſome of out company came home ward into England. Thus palling 
ward in our coucce, we came to Veragua, where captaine Barker, ¢ Philip Roche his Matter, 
e guarel, in which combat the captaine was hatt a little in the checke. 
here we lanke our all the Ragged ſtaffe, betauſe of her great leakage, and imbarkep part 
ok our Company in e Spanill rigat, mich immediately before we had (urprifer, From hence 
(bp the direction or certain J ue layled into the guifeof the Honduras : there we tooke a Tbe bap ot 
| barke wherin were rials of place, 1 


» the blue ot tcopound,Maiz o2 Indtan wheat, hennes, beeſe 
andother ſmall things. In this barke alle me Spani . 
unoorſecretary of Carthagena, who (being a man offome note) was 


4 Inaspapd ta golds the rett were vifinitten freely. Andafter 
at an Illand called 8. Franciſco » being in the mouth of the 


put ts his ranſome, which 
paſl ung by diuers Wands, we arriued The Weots, 
regt bap, called the Honduras. Fresco. 
and divers others (which fo; 
tame cauſes ſhalbe nameleſſe) came abooꝛd the ſhip wherein the captaine then was, and dilpolel⸗ 
(cd him as well of the fapo ſhip, as of the trealure in the ſame and toꝛthwith put our captaine with * conipiracie 
> diolenteon (hore, where he and one Germane Weiborne fought together, and were both woyn: anf the 
de. Aller this our captaine neffrous to come on boo d, was relied bp thenerfons afazelar: ß 

anfweren bir chat be odd aor come du buoꝛo till they were read to depert. Dur men has ap⸗ 

pointedten perfons of their company for the keeping of this Alland of S.Francifeo: but avout 
hneake ok the day on a certaine moꝛning firtie Spaniarns ary ing (ecretlp inthe Iſland, ſurpꝛi⸗ 

cd dur people on the ludden, what tune there were thirtie of our men on (hoje : in which lurpiile, 


they 


530 


9. Andrew Ber ehep (lew our captaine, M. 


— — — — . — 
The Englith Voyages, D. Al. Bag. bit opin.of fir Fr. Dr. 


— Ae 
Andrew Barker with eight other, namely, ont Wilde of Brito, 


fiune ort 2 and Michael our Chirurgian, Richard ul Briftol, Thomas Sampoole, Thomas Freeman, Tho, 
handed mas Nightingale,Robere lackfon,Walter Newton] and che captaines bop and ane other bit 
hurt. alter that William Cone, and the teſi( which wert aboord the barke) pe tc tturd thy 
the captaine, @ ſome ot hers wert flain, be rere tucd them that wert liuing into the hip, baum ty, 
fore that time relul eo ſome of hem, Alter rhs milfoztune they went to an Alland biſtant it 
thence a league, where Coxe deuided a chaine of gold (which was found in the captanen hel y, 


be totune of 
Trunilio ſacked 
dy the Engulh 


Cbeir arri 
ant the Ale of 
Sillie, 

Certaine Didi- 
nance at lohn 
Onnem ttt oue⸗ 
red fram the 


San Vincente, 
— Nya 
Verde. N 


Rio de Ientro. 


ter his death) among the company. Alter this Coxe went in A (which wee took e at tg 


Ille of Sant Franciſco) with tertaint others of our men inaChpfte, to the cowne of Truxillio, f 
the bap of Honduras, which towne they furppifen, and had therein wine and ople as much ag 
would, and diut rs other good things, but no gold nop luer, nop any other tresſute which hq 
would confelle, But betore they could returne to their company , those chat were in the burn 
wert had in chaſe by men ol ware, whereby thep were inforced euery man to thife fop humſtiſtu 
for hatte they left tbole ihat were in the fkiffe (being 8 perfons) in the bay ol Honduras: whaty, 
came of them afterward God knoweth. Vereupon we determined to laile fo; England, amip 
ing in the maine (ca homeward bound, about 6o leagues from the Ille of S. Franciſco, the frp 
gat wherein was the treaſure fo2 the aduenturers,and that 2 pertained to the captaint to yy 
value ol 2000 pound, being oue rſet with layle. with a flaw of wind was our rthowen, and te 
goods therein periſhed: therein alſo were 14 perfons biowned, ano nine faucd, whereof W Ilan 
Coxe ind William Gillam were o. After this Philip Roche, Matter of the Admiral cla 
the * — ſtaffe, died. And thus at length ( by the helpe of Hod) we arriued in che Alle of siiy 
neere Cornwall wher ? we left our Frigat which we built new vpon che ſhoze of the Hood, 
hauing in her at our landing ten botiſlos of oyle, and the foure cal Weeces that were in lohn O 
nams Frigat (which the peere before was taken in the dreit of Dariene) three harquttuym on 
crocke,certaine tal uers, and tertaine treaſure: bere William Cox and Andrew Browne pes 
ulded the treaſure among cheit company, deltucring to ſome fiue pound, to ſome Lire pounp, ¢9 
ſome feurn pound, to fome mope, as tuerp man was chougté to haue deſerued. The buuu ud 
the rett of the Oꝛdinance was leit in the Alland, to the vle of Andrew Browne, Diuersof tu 
company, vpon our arriuall at Plunmouth were commitced to ppilon at the ſuite of 9, lohn la. 
ker of Briftol bꝛother unto our captain e M. Andrew Barker ,as acceMaries to our captains wap, 
and betraye rs of him vnto the neve, And after ſer aight examination of manp of vs, bp nme 
direction from her Mateſti s priuie Counſell, the chiefe malefactors were onelp chaſiiſa wry 
long tmppifonment, where inder de before Bad they bad de ſerued to die: whereof Come, although 
they eſtaped the rigo ol mans lam, yet could they not auotde the heaup iudgement of God, ut 
choꝛtip alter tame co miſerable ends, CLihich map ve erample to others to ſhew themſelut fais: 
full and obe dient in all hontſi cauſes co chew captaines and gouernours. 


Parefcer de Don Aluaro Bazan marques de Santa (ruz,tocante l Arma. 
da de Francifeo Draque, eſtande en las yflas de Vayona : Hecha en Lishoss 16d 
Otabre, eftile de E pauna de 15854 


O que pareſce, que podra hazer el Armada Inglefe, en cafo que quiere paflarals 

Indias y entrar en el mar del Sur, (como lo hahecho otra vez Ftanciſeo Dnqt ) 

con las treynta y dos naues y galeones, y muchas lanchas y vergantines deem 

que trae, y einco mil hombres de guerra, que es el numero que a los de Vayons 
parefcio que venian en el armada, es lo ſiguiente. 

Leuera fu derotta al Rio de Ienero, que es en la coſta del Brafilen 23 grados dela parte del 
gut de la Linea, Es puerto capaz de muchos nauios y muy feguro,adonde fe tiene agua,len- 
na, y came:y tem bien podra tomar hatina de Maiz en vn lugar dos o tres leguas del dichopu- 
erto,que fe die San Vincente. Y por ſer camino per las yſlas de la Madera, Canstis ) Cabo 
Verde, podra faquear eftas yflas, dandole el tiempo lugar a ello. 

Defde Vaiona a la yſla de Madera con los vientos Nones, que aora correran(palfados los 
vientos de Vallee, queaora reynan,por eſtat la coſta de Efpanna 2 la Armada n {eis 
dias;dealli a las Canarias en quattro, y de las Canarias a Cabo verde en ocho, que fon per todos 
diez y echo dias : terdera mas lo que fe tuufere en fequear las yflas, 

De Cabo Verde al rio de lenero tardera quarenta dias, que vernan a fer todos dos meles: 

r manera, que eftando el Armada todo efte mes en Galicia, podra fer en el rio de ee 

in de Deziembre, Ab 


D. Al. 


Alla entra 
en que pued 
to, el tue 
canales, pe 
concertarlu 
el Mar del St 
cinquenca le 

entrar por 

keys o Lim: 
pueſta en mi 
apoderando 
trar focorro « 

Ves de cr 

No querie 
Domingo, P. 
deſde elt ai 
lanchas de rer 
Hegar hafta la 
facil a faquear 

Y tambien: 
artilleriaen tic 

de mas d 
tar eIhilo a la! 


5 


0 auertiend 
| orden, Aunqu 
| da,hauran paſſ 
naa tenido cui 
fin duda lo de! 
V teniendo 
ochenta nauio 
buſcar la Ingle: 
> Reino, y los q 
eirena, para ch. 
| feembarace vr 
| partido de Alics 
en Viſcaiay Gu 
uituallen por oc 

_ Genoa pare dep 
iſſi miſ no fe leu 
ayaelte numero 
Tambien con 

de Caftro. Que I: 
alalornada de la 
Que fe porues 


 TEfpachar 


bias de reſpito p 


Conuerne haz 
usy quatro para 
Auiendo viſto 

|” losnauios de mer 
en luſſotas que fi 
empo de paz leu 

For io menos en e 
Todas eſtas pt 
glele,y otros naui 


r Fr. Dy. 


Wilde of Bao, 
'§ Freeman, Tho, 


captaines bet y, 
b wee took: at tp 
ne Of Truxillio, y 
le as much 49 ty) 
cafure which 

were in the burt 
hilt for hunſtiltih 
ondutas: what 
England, any 
rancifco , the frp 


cante li Arma. 
en Lubos 4204 


e quiere paflarals 
— — 


ergantines deremo 
ue alos de Vayons 
dos de la parte del 
sfe * 
guss del icho pue 
2, Canaris,y Cabo 


1 los 
reren ( paffados ! 
d Posen 


, que fon pet todos 
todos dos mefes: 


el tio de Ienetoen 


Ak 


D. Al. Bag. his opin.of fir Fr. Dr. and Difcoueries, ae 


—— del Rio de lenero ay vna baxa,adonde con facilidad ſe hara vn fuerte, * 3 

en que pueden eſtar mas que qu mentos hombres y ponendole ſu arulleria, guardeta el puer- “ae 

to, y el fuerte quedara ailalado, que por la vna parte del fuduelte 

. — es, pot donde entran los nauios en el puerto: En el qual podra Franciſco Draque 
concettat ſu Armada, y dex ar alli alguna gente, y parcir con la qu 


el Mar del Sur, y yt en feguimiento de fu via je al Ellrecho de Magallanes (ave CS quinientas y Freche de Me. 
cinquenca leguas de aquel puerto, y eſta en cinquenta y dos grados medio de parce del Sur) bil, 
entrar pot el Eſtrecho a la Mar del Sur Por todo el mes de Febrero; yt a la ciudad de los sa: det sue, 
N heys o Lima, que eta en la cofta, y es de dos iil vezinos : pot no fer gente de guerra, ni 
pueſts en mi lic ia, y lugar abierco fin fortaleza, ni artille ria, le podra 
apoderando de la tietta ; pues tomando los nauios, 
war ſocotro de Eſpanna. 
Y es de creet que ie preuetta a tomat a Panama, 


Panama, 
Noqueriendo hazer efte viaje, repartira fu armada en dos vandas,y faquearela yſſa de San La fegunda viaje, 
Domingo: Puerto Rieo,y la cofta de Iich firma, ha(ta Cartagena y Nombre de Dios, Y 8 
deſde el o de hagte, que es xv, leguasde Nombie de Dios » podra meter la Infanteria en * 


Cartagena. 
tanchas de remo,y en las varcas de carga y defeat ga en a quel rio, que fon mas de cinquenta y Ried: Cagre, 


llegar haſta la Venta de Crues, que es cinco le guas de Panama, que, por fer lugar abierto, fera Penama l a. 
Ps ta 5 toy a 
facil a ſaquear. 


faquear, 
Y cambiencorre peligro la Hauana; que aunque tiene fortaleza, es chica y flaca, y facando Latiuana, 
| artilleriaen cierra,latomarancon facilidad, 


de mas de los dannos 2 podran hazer, conformea efte dife 
_ tarclhiloa la nauigacion de las Indias,a tomar las flotas,fi 


2 „ Lima es ciudad 
tomar y laquear, y yr fe de dis mit ved 


que ay en aquella mar, no les podraen- ame 


orſo, no ſera el menor, cor- 


alli fueren, Tomat las fou. 


Lo que Conmernia bazer para reparar eftos dannos, 


: Efpachar carauclas con grandiffima diligencia alos virreys H gouernadores de las Indias, 
: 3 les de la Nueua de la Armada ngle ſe, para que e 


0 en preuenidos y ſe põganen 
4 orden, Aunque,fegun el numero de las Naues que han falido de In 


glatierra, tengo por ſin du- 
zs, hauran paſſado de aquellas partes alguna banda dellas,hafta Tietta nueua. Porque la Rey. 
ns a tenido cuidado deembiar y tomar las naos de la Pefqueria del Bacealao: Vaſſi es de creer 
) fin duda lo de las Indias, 


quarenta naos gruefas, que ſe hallatan Ween nes 
| enVilcaiay Guipofeoa:y que adere¢adas,artilladas,y pue ſtas en orden, como conuiene, ſe a- 
go fe leuanten hafta mil marineros de Catalunnay 
Genoa para departir en las naues,y te trayen,como fe hizo para la armada de la Tergera: y que 
affi mifino fe leuauten feys mil foldados,dando condutas para mas gente, que eſta, para que 


Tambien conuernia, que de Vifcaia venga para eſta Armada 20 patazes, y veynte Azabras 
de Caſſto Que las patazes ſean de 50 hafta 6otoneladas y las Azabras,como las que vinieran 
la lornadi de la Tercera, 

Que fe porueael artilleria, poluere, y cuerda, y plomo neceſſario, arcabuzes, mofquetas, y 
picas de reſpito para la guardia de la coſta. 


Conuerne haz er otra armada de dos naos cada 400 toneledas, J otras quatro de a dozien. 
tu) quatro patazes, y mil foldados, demas dela gente de mar, 


Auiendo viſto y confiderado, que en dos mefes han hecho tantos dannos los Ingleſes con 
lanadios de mercantes que nauegan pox eſtos mares, y que es de creer que haran lo miſmo 
enlasflotas que fueren y vinieren de las Indias, conuernia,que,como para la ordenanę a en ti- 
empo de paz, lleua la armada las nass Cepitensy Almizance,que lieuaſſen nora otras dos mas 5 
p Porlomenos en cada Hota: y no por ef ſe ha d dexar de afepurar las con Armada, ö 
Todas eſtas Preuenciones, me parefce, fe deuen h 


a er para ſolo loquetoca la Armada In. a 
slele,y ottos naulos que han falido de aquel Reyno, 


Pere 


” 


r 


$32 TheEnglith Voyages, D.Al.Bag.bisopin.of fir Fr. Dr. V. 40 
Pere en cafe que Don Antonio Uewiefe cos la Armada, quifiefe imtcatar lod fe Reyno, fer t 
8 1 conde de Altemin, ch [whereof th 


Ve le apercibiefen el 
Qbeddande Rey, Marques de Cerraluo, y los de mas Sennotes y Caualleros, aquieng 1 Vienta de 
dio orden que eftubiefen a punto, quando ſe vino a eſte Reyno. meal 
e fe exercibiefe tam bien la gente de las Ciudades de Toro,Zamora, Salamanca, cude And H 
. parte dentro Doroy Minac, V las de Eſtremadura y Seuilla para focone ste and wer 
efta Ciudad de Lisbona,y fu Comazca, latilitie. 
Que fe auituallen los caftillos defta ciudad, ribeta, y comarcay ptouean de poluere,cund, [i Ana vel 
y plomo,y lo demas tocante el artilleria, como lo he pedido en las relaciones, que he enib% ] s Cut off cf 
alu Mageftad en 7 de marco deſte anno 385. Que fe proucan las galeras por quatromes, I 
y vengen otras oe de Efpannas efte Rio con 1 20 foldados por ren que los pueden 
repartir, en las oc ho que eftan aca, V en cafo que eſio fe ay, que la Ingleis nopak, 7 D diſp 
las Indias, y fe ocupen ea lo defte Reyno, porque haute nauios de Inglefes,que acuden u 1 
vo ya lo otro, ſera forgofo har er oi armada para lo de las Indias, de doze naos,quaton. mike them 
tajes,y mil y quinjentos ſoldados. i dbuoofth out o 
Todo eſto, me pareſce, conuiene al ſeruic io de fu Maieſtad, ſe preuéga y aperelbieſe com- tio Neu four 
cha diligencia y cuidado, ptoueien do del dinero neceffario paracllo, ſin que ſe atuatde lo ] tte fitheme: 
a lo otro, fino que todo fe haga fin deferirlo: Remuiendo me en todo a mejor parefcer,He fi — fontheincere 
en Lisboa a 26 de Otubte de 1385. Annos. And conf 
The opinion of Don Aluaro Bacan, Marques of Santa Cruz, and high Adam, Mb the ran 
ye the armie of fir Francis Drake hing at the ler of Bayona in Gadcia, wad Bay eo 
tenin Lisbon the 26 of Oftober after she acconmt of Spaine inthe pere 1585. ' * — 
boat which it Ceemech unto me char the Englund army map doe A chep ſeche to phate . delle top a 
Welt Indies, and enter into the Mouth fea (as Francis Drake bath done once bef) with N of Florence, 
their ty rey hips and galeons, ano manp pinnefics and ſbalops with oarcs, winch they haut wey from Alicane 
them. and 3000 men ol warre, which chep of Bayona thin to be in the flecte,ts as folloteg, bee had in Bi 
dense They map takte their courfe to the rivet of lenero, mhh is on the toaſt ol Braſil in a e bee victualle 
mas be to the South of the Eaumoctiul line. It is an hauen capable of mony ſbips and very ſalt ane 1 Catalunna a 
Runes there is water, wood and flelb: and lihewiſe Drake map baue copnt ol Maiz inacowneimm He forthe #icet 
us the dite leagues from the ſayd hauen, which is called S. Vincente. maundement 
Aud becauſt the coucle is by the Alles el Maderaahe Canaries, and Cape verde, he muylut ſtruite. 
thofe Illands the time ſexuing bim fo) that purpoſ VPDuaouer 


purpole. 

tom Bayona tothe Ille of Madera, with che Noytberne minds which now tod begin bn. bros from Ca 

uben the TRedtent binds be pat, which preferelp doe blowe becaule that it begunncthordne HR thole which m 

on the coatt of Spaine, the fleete may tun iu s daies. and from ther at to the Canaries in ſatt ns 

of fromthe Canaries to the Biles of Cape Verde in eight, which all make cightenedaes: He  kets,anv chofe 
and be mey fay as much tunt mope as (hall ſerue hum to lacke the All ande in. 

tothe riuer of leneto in q Dapes, which in the whole amour 200,tunnes, ar 

all this moneth ol October on the coat of Gs. Oauing Cees 


| Snmine opin 
p eibibe cet of eh 
But in cafe th 

kingdom: 


thips out of 

It is aifoverp crediule that be will be 
—— Ats Ceeke nt bo ae dds coutte be may Deut bs c | tan ees 
— Duts Domingo, Puerto Neo, the coalt of Tierra firma vate Cartagen 9 


7 


2 V .4.. Baf. bis opin.of fir Fr. Br. and Diſcou 


eries. 
—— g 
15 agues from Nomb 
ee, wich carrie goods e ir ar, | 
Altamira, conde | » Called in & paniih Panemadeing 
lleros, a que an vnwalled towne “ 57. i 
alamanca,¢ foptrette, pet it is but lige Haan cade te 1 
ill — 3 take the ſame with great — i 
[Gav tees thete nomages whieh be map voaccoybing to this bifcourfe,ée will not b q 
n b cut ef the nauigation of the Indies, do tale the ciel Indian ſloet ir they chance te te ao n 2 be ö j 
. i 
a aan ; What courſe is to be taken to Preuenc theſe miſchiefes. i 
Ingleta no 1 D diſpꝛech Caraue ls with all ponllble diligen i 
an — a ö 47 — chem ol the newer of che ö 
not, qua. mite themſe lues rraby fo them. Albeit, 
| _ feopth out of England, Daliuce my ſelſe, 
ercibiefeconm i to Newfoundland. Fon the Queene hath 
fe aguarde loo fe the ſihermen that goe to Baccalaos. And 
t pareſcet Ha fopthe interceptirg of the fleet ol the Indies, 
b And conſio ring that actoꝛdi 
bigh 140 val | andthe armpol Drake haue bene 
a in Galicia, ori 2 \ 
ah x ; tue chem the C . Tee 
ke topnbH⁰te : An hem rectt a Balec Duke r 
cee Se nambetorfovt g slap ö 
a number o j 
A } opie great fh whieh 
—— 5 
d very ſalt ahne among the £1 
in a tome Me forthe leete of Tercera : furthermoze that a 
miundement to pacile a greater number, 
erde, hemp lult Ti = 
| 2 peouer at 20 pataches be t 
wil begin n, Fe tro. Cha · from 30. co none 
beginacthordn 
naries in laut and : 
Ke tighuene bayes: 
t the whole amount 
un the coaftofGa. 
in » AND that it is to bee 
prea lot mι | goe from the Indies: A 
rein, he maß lun a 
thwel ano N if 
ene Inurine opinion all 10 
Ng e cd of cbe tips dnn, at ulthn Engi arn, 4 
toward the 1 
ee map togrete But in cafe that Dow eAmtomiohould come with n armle, and thor tie 
— veh e kingdome,thefe prouiſions following would — n, 1 Mi 
, anes desea anda orcad ma 
. e whe 2 see ers ud, and td t Teil OF ti Bo 
— = — igi, Which art to haut opvec to bee in arcapinefle, — bee come — thes Amen 55 
. That the people alto be trained of the titten of Toro. Zamor ! 
face the Mets HE fue a. nd Salamanca, fu bee tend ta 
— Dian he betweene che 


Cone che riuers of Doro aut Minno ann the people ol Eſltem 
7 


The Englith Voyages, &c. Sir Francis Drake, 


and Siuilla ave likewiſe to bee trainer to be ready to ſuccour the citie of Lisbon, and the coup, 
trey about the fame, 

Alfo that the calles of this citte,riuer and territoʒie be victualled and pꝛouided of qunpowner, 
match and le ad, and all things elfe belonging to the arcillerie, as J haue requeſted in the relation 
which I lent vnto his maieſtie the 7. ol March of this pꝛeſent pecre 1585. 

That the gallies be furnithen fo2 toure moneths: and that lire moze bee brought from Spaine 
to this riuer of Lisbon with an hundzed and twentie louldierz fo} ech gallie, that they map bene, 
uided among the eight gallies which rematne here. : 

And in cafe it fall out that the armie of the Engliſh goe not fop the Indies, but ottupie thems 
ſelues vpon this kingdome , (lo there may be Englich dips, wbich may attend the one and the o, 
Another arne ther) we (hal be enforced to make another armie, belides that fo2 the Indies, ot tmelue thips,foure 
Thien paras pataches.And a thouſand fiue hundzed foulviers, 

In mine opinion all this is meet foꝛ his maieſties ſeruite to be foʒeſcene to be made ready wig 
great diligence and care, and to pꝛouide money nee dull fo2 the Came, without neglecting the om 
oꝛthe other, but that all theſe things be done without delay : Referring mp (lfc in all things tp 
thole ok wiler udgement. TUnitten in Lisbon the 26 of October, 1585, 


An armie of 
14. galltes to 
be piouided. 


ches, and 1300 
| fouldiers, 


A ſummarie and true difcourfe of fir Francis Drakes Weft Indian 
voyage, begun in the ycere 1585. Wherein were taken the cities of Sum 


Jago, Santo Domingo, Cartagena, and the towne of Saint eAuguftine in Florida; Publi. 

ſhed by 44.7 bomas Cates. 

bis worthy knight fo? the ſeruice of his Prince and countrep hauing prparm 

bis whole flecte and gotten them vowne to Plimmouth in Deuonthire, to the 

number of fine and twenty fatle of ſhips and pinneſſes, and hauing allemiltd of 

ſouldiers and mariners, to the number of 2300, in the whole, embarked them 

and bunſelſe at Plimmouth afozefain,che 12. dap ol September 1585. being ap 

22 companied with thele men of name and charge, which hereafter follow: 

(Patter Chriſtopher Carleil Lieutenant general, a man ot long experience in the warres uu bel 

by fea as land, who had formerly caried high offices in both kindes in manp lights, which he vif 
charged alwates very happily, and with great good reputation. 

Anthonie Powel Sergeant Maior. 

Captaine Matthew Morgan, and Ceptaine Iohn Sampſon, Coppoꝛals of the fielv, 

be officers had commandement ouer the ret of the land-Captaines, whole names pereaf 

terkollow. 


Captaine Anthony P. Captaine lohn Merchant. 
Captaine Edward Winter. Captaine William Cecill. 
Captaine lohn Goring. Captaine Walter Bigs, 
Captaine Robert Pew, Captaine lohn Hannam. 
Captaine George Barton. J Captaine Richard Stanton. 


Captaine Martine Frobither Giceavmirall,a man of great experience in fea-faring actions he 
had catied the chiefe charge of many thips himſelle, in ſundzy vopages before, being now hyp 
ped inthe Primrofe, 

Captaine Francis Knolles, Reereadmirall in the Galeon Leiceſter. 

Waller Thomas Vennor Captaine in the Elizabeth Bonaduenture buder the Gentrall. 

Patter Edward Winter Captaine in the Aide. 

Malter Chriſtopher Carleil the Litutenant generall. Captaine of the Tygar. 


Henry White Captaine ofthe fea Dragon, Thomas Moone Captaine of the Francis, 
Thomas Drake Captaineofthe Thomas, Tohn Rivers Captaine of the Vantage, 
Thomas Scelle Captaine of the Minion, lohn Vaugham Captaine of the Drake. 
Baily Captaine of the Barke Talbor, lohn Varney Captattie of the George, 
Robert Crofle Captaine of the Bark Bond. 


Ds gegen 


ye 


Tohn Martin Coptaine of the Beniamin. 


— Gilman Cipłaine stete Skeut. 


Zea: 


ng noe af... SP 

NEUUT SS SUTICIS US Ge Rpeaiie Us 
Verte Bonner. 

Edward Carelefle Captaine of the Hope. 

Tames Erizo Captaine of the White Lyon. 


Richard Hawkins Captaine of the Galios 
talledthe Duc ke. 
Bitfield Captaint of the Swallow, 


7 
* 


„ 
aa 


5 90 
23 


a 


t 


Sir Fran 


After our g 
1585. and tak 
kant, and fore 
Moores, wee! 
weather being 
nefits well mai 
nto them, aban 
bound homewar 
wel liked, which 
tay of her £o3 ef 
which barke wa 
Without any any 
from the hore, by 
full laden with! 
whom the Benes 
men) diſmiſſed, 
Che day follo 
{core tuants oꝛ t 
Tygar, bundertool 
tauſes the ſaid tr 
boo zo vntill the A 
ok their pꝛincipall 
to be belonging to 
bart belonging to 
fi}, commonly cal 
there was diſtribu 
very greatip bette 
fhip, we gui in wit 
ankered ſome pare 
to be manner, anne 
tice ; which being 
and rowing towar 
it, before we had 
gliſh merchant froy 


beonkerred a while b 


fon, and willed him 


uon if there were 


with their goods we 
fenger to the citie, w 
de Generall wi 


de gallep with him, 
bot oktbe citie, wher 


ludden attempt if cay 
Captaine Sampio 


Ouernour Cato he k. 


alubiect as he was. 


lure, but not wich int. 
uu (which had bene! 
theit goods Houly be 


c tolone of our nati; 


bythe coun ell was 
thought needtul to tar 
le our ſelues tu our u 
Lelues for that nighe th 
Artpes marezalad 
dat it was thought me 
wercpuld recouer the § 
lrumtheir auker- hold, 


22 * 
2757 


———— 
Drake, 
— 
d the coun: 


unpowder, 
Je relaticng 


om Spaine 
map bene 


— 6 ——ů— We eee 
Sir Francis Drake. Trattiques and Difcoueries, 535 
— ee edie 
After our going hence, which was the fourcecenth of September, in the veere of our Loꝛd 
1585. and taking our courfe towards Spaine, wee had the winde fo a femenayes ſomewhat 

ſkant, and ſometunes calme. And bein i 

Moores, wee happened to eſpie diuers failes, which { 
weather being fare and ralme. Che Generall cauled the Uiceadmicall to Loe with the pin⸗ 


e faiv pinneſles appzoching neere 


hound homewards into France, amonzũ which ſpips (being allo 
wel liked, which alſo had no man in her, as being bought onto z 
tap of her loꝛ the ſeruice meanin 


French ſhips, 
ne home ward from the fain Neu toundlland: 
whom the Generall after fome ſpeech had with then 


1 (and ſecing platuly that they were French⸗ 
men) diſmiſſed, without onceſ⸗ uffering any man to go abooʒd of them. 


and the Ty arbauing 
futering a 5 


ala full prise) 
ll che ſhips of the fie nd good, as it did 
very greauip be brad vs in the whole coutfe of our vopage. 


A dap oʒ two after the taking of this 
Ship, we put in hy ithin the Illes ol Bayon, fop lacke of faunurable wind: where wee had no ſooner ene Feo a 
F —ankered fome pare of the fleete, but the General commanded all the pinnelles with the Hipboarg Baiona, | 
: to be manner and every man to be furniſhed with luch atmes as were needlul for that pꝛeſent ſer⸗ 1 
uice; which being done, the Gencrall put himſelfe into hisgallie, which was alfo well furniſhed, 1 
and rowing towards the tity of Bayon, with intent, and the fauour ol the Almighty to ſurpꝛiſe 1 
tt, before we had aduanced one halle league cf our wap, there came a meſlenger being an En⸗ N 
glich merchant from the Houernour to lee what ſtrange fle 


ö ange Rect we were, who came to cur General, 
| Conterven a while with hin, and after a finall time fpent,our General called for Captaitre Samp- 


thot ofthe citie, where they zampſon, to make a 
luden attempt if caule did ecquive befope it were borze. 


N aine Sampion returned with his neſlage in this fopt, Firſt, tout 
Ouuernour ſaid he knew of no warres, and that it lay not in hy 


k, he ſent fuch merchats ag were in 
thetowne of our nation, who traffiquen thofe parts: which being at large vetlared to out Genera; 
bythem, coin ſell was taken what might beſt be done. And fo that the night appꝛoched, it was 
thought 8, which was done in the ſhutting vp of the dap, hauing quarte⸗ 

ted our felues to our MoT aduãtage, with fulficient Hard vpon euerp trait, we thought to reſt our 

dfſelues fon that night there. Che Gouernour lent vs ſome rekreſbing ag breab wine, ole, ꝛppies, 

ee MTEpis marwalen and fic tie, About mionight the Weather be ganne to oucrcatt, inſomuch 

dar it was thought meter to repatre aboord, the to make any longer above on land, and before 

„Areat tempeſtaroſe, whiei -aufen manp of our ſhipnes to dziue 

ltomtheir anker hold, aud Come were kozced to ſea in great petial. as the barke Talbot, the tarke 
Tr 72 


Hawkins, 


be Engliſh Voyages, &c. Sir Francis Drake 


—— — — — 


Hau kins, and the Speede well, which Speede wel was onelp dziuen into England, the others te 
couered Ys againe: the ertremitie of the Ropme laſted thꝛee ayes , which no fooner began to af 
wage, but Vl. Carleil our Lieutenant generall was ferre with his owne Hippe and tüte others; 
as allo with the gallie and with diners pinnelles, to fee what be might doe aboue Vigo, where ty; 
tooke many boat es and Come caraue ls, diut rlly laden with things of (mall value, but chicfly unh 
houſhold luffe, running into the high countre p. and amongſt che ret, he found one boat lat en wih 
the principal church · ſtuffe of the high Church of Vigo, where olſo was their great trolle of liluer, 
of very fare embolſed wo ꝛke, and double gilt all ouer, hauing toſt them a great maſſe of money, 
They complained to haue loft in all kind of goods aboue thirty thouſand duckets in this platt. 

The next day the Generali with his whole fleete went from vp the Illes of Bayon, toa very 
good harbour aboue Vigo, where M.Carleil Raped his comming, aſwell for the moze quitt ti. 
ding of his ſhips. as alſo toꝛ the good commoditie of freth watering which the place there dide⸗ 
fourd full well. In the meane tune the Gouernour of Galicia had reared {uch forces as hee 
might. bis numbers by eſtimate were ſome two thouſand foot, and thyee hundzed ho ſe, and ma 
ched from Bayon to this part of the tountrey, which lap in fight of our flecte, where making 
Land, he ſent co parley with our General, which was granted by our General, fo it might been 
boats vpon the water: and fop ſafetie of their perſons, there were plevges deliuered on both fives: 
which done, the Gouetnoꝛ of Galicia put himſe lte with two others into our Uiceadmirals ſlult, 
the lame having bene fent to the ſboꝛe for him, and in like ſozt our Generall went in his one 
Chile: where by them it was agreed, we ſhould furnith our felues with kreſh water, to be taken bp 
our owne people quictly on the land, aud haue all other ſuch net ellaries, paying for the (ane as 
the place would affourd. 

TUhen all our buſineſſe was enden, wee departed, and tooke our wap by the Pande of Cans. 
ria, wich ate eſteemed (ome three hundzed leagues from this part of Spaine and falling purpo(: 
ip with Palma, with intention to haue taken our pleaſute of that place, fop the full digeling of 
many things into oꝛder, and the better furnithing our ſtoꝛe with Cuch leuerall good things as it 
affourdeth very abundantly, we were forced by the vile Dea · gate, which at that prefens il Out, 
and by the naughtineſſe of the lanving place, being but one, and that vnder the fauowr ol muy 
platformes well furnithen with great opdinance,to vepart with the receit o many their Canon. 
dot, ſome into out ſhips, and fome beſides ſome of them being in very deede full Canon high. Bit 
the only oz chiefe miſchiefe was the dangerous ſea- ſurge. which at ſboꝛe all along plainly tyeats 
— —2 wok as many pinnefles and boats , as fo2 that time (oul haue attempt any 

at all. 

ow feeing the erpectation of this attempt frullraten by rhe cauſes afopefain, we thought is 
meeter to fail with the Alle Hierro, to ſee if we could lend any better foptune: and comming to the 
Alland, we lanved a thouſann men in a valley vnder a hich mountaine, where we Raped ſem o 
02 thee houres, iu which time the inhabitants, accompanied with a —— bopnew Eng. 
land, who bweit there with then came vnto vs, ſhewung their fare to be lo poop, that they were 
all reabp to ſtarue, which was not vntrue: and the reſoze without any thing gotten we were all 
commanded prefently toimbarke , ſo as that night wee put off to ſea Souihlouthealt aut tc: 
wards the coaſt of Barbasy, 

Upon Saturnay in the mowing being the 13. ol Rou⸗mber, we Fell with C ape Blanke, which 
is a low land and (hallow water, where we catchen fore of filb and doubling the Cape, u e put l 
do the Bay, where we found certaine French (hips ol warre, whom wee entertained with qrert 
courteſie, and there left chem. Chie aſternoone the whole fleet aflembled, which was a little (cat 
tere nabout their ſiſhing. and put from thence to the Illes ol Cape Verde, ſailing till the 76. of 
the lame moneth in the mogning , on which day we diſeried the Alland ol S. Iago, and inthe ut 
ning we ankeren the fleet between the towne called ihe Playa d Pray, and S. lago, where weput 
on (hore 10. men o7 moge, onder the leading of M.Chriftopher Carieil L feuenant general, tubo 


directed the ſeruice moſt like a wiſe commander, The place where we hab furt to marchura Ie meen 


fourd no good opder fog the ground was mountainous ¢ full of bales, being a very ſtany and ttett: 


blelome patkage; but luch was his induli rious diſpoſitian, as he would neuer leaue, vntill wer has ‘ 


gottẽ vp to a faire plain, where we mane tand fog the allembling of the army. And when Wwe mate 
al gather cu together bpon the plane fome 2 miles from the town, the lic utenant gent ral bought 
oad nat ta make atedut eil bavliaht:beranfs chere mee nae one thar cl fore Fors gun o ale 
knowledge at alot ß place. And therfore after hauing wel reſted, tuen halle an houre befoje day ye 
commanded the army to be blulded into 3 {peciall parts ſuch as he appointed, wheras befoze we 
Sav marched bp feueral cöpantes, heing therunto forced by the babneile of the wap aß is 2 


which were! 
dliues and f 
found anp tr. 
The ſitus 
Met ſides t 

| thvomountat 
| might bee off 
v che mannel 
inthe towne! 
betweene the 
Ju the mit 
bard by the te 
| eafcand pleat 
the valley wan 
co garoens am 


ones pele 


by bermught bee a 
uthhee dapeg wet 


auto the Loe al 


Sir Francis Drake. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


357 


cis Drake, 


nd, the others it · 
net began to af 
and three others; 
Vigo, where bey 
but chiefiy wip 


ty 


i | 
1 ö 
f 


Mow by the time wee were thus 1 into a vety bꝛaue o 
a 


an to apprare, 
no enemie to reli, whereupon the leutenant ge: 
nerall appointed Captaine Sampſon with thirtie ſbot, and Captaine 


le arm was now arrtued: and pref Up al : bee born 
en * tert 2 C is 
— ag tamen was fentthe great endgne. which bao nothing in be butch plaine Englib crotte, lo be pla: 
* cedtowardes the Sta, that our Fleet might (ee Saint Georges croft floyith m the enemies to: 
tree, Omer twas given that all che opoinancechpoughout che nt. 


ne and vpon all the platfoymes, 
which were aboue fiftie pieces all reapp , be thot off in bonour of the Queenes Pa: 
1 being the ſeuenteenthol mber, after the 


land, which was fo auſwered againe by che oꝛdinancr out of all the ſhips in the flecte which ese 
was come necte, asic was range to heare fuch a 


thunvering nopfe lat ſo lung to „ 
In this meane while che Lieutenant generall belo Mill the mol * 


bayon, to a ve 

ye moze quict ti: 
place there ding, 
ch forces as hee 
d hoꝛſe, and mer. 


FFP . e ai ga 2 
ee eee W 352 1 


: part of bis torce on the pill 
ahi 3 .... longing of te whe rmahier 

where m 100 bone euerp captainetooke his omne quarter, and in the euening was placed (uch a futticiene gar 
fit — b won werp part of the tote Chat we bad no caufe to feare any pretent enemie, 

red on — i Thus we continued in the citie the Kpace of .4.dapes, taking {uch fpoiles asthe place vecldev, abe citie ors, 
— — were fo) che mott part, wine, ople mtale, and forme Cuch lke ebings fop victuall, as bineger ee 
ent in his ann dllues, and fome fuch other trath, as merchandiſe fog their Indians trades, But there was not 14. dapes 
zer, to be taken bp | FoundanpeteaCuce at all. d; any th ug elſe ol worth beides. 

koz the fame, u CTb!be ſituation — * fomewhat frange,in fopmelikea triangle, batting on the Catt aud 

oc Uueſt ſides two mountatnesof rocke and cliffe, as it were banging ouer it, bpon the top ol which 
Maas of Cu. be mountaines were builded certainefoptifications to metres che towne ftom anp harme that 
falling pumpol mage ber offered, as in aplot is Hlalnelpſbewed. Fromthence, on the South lde of the towne 
full digetting of § Gs the maine fea,ano on che Fapth ide, the vallep ling betweene the lo ela mountaine where⸗ 

oo a tt Inthe cowne ſtanderhrthe fain ballep ¢ towne boch do grow very natro m, inſomuch that tbe (pace 
— — i «temic etal ome a esate ee km 2eeoveouer, 
4 Ju the midde P comimeth dotune a tiueret, rill, op of fret water 
np their —.— “bird by the lea lve maketh apo or poole, tabereout our mere watered mits very great 
— ote | eafcan pleaſure. Womit aboue che tone on the $2072) fine 
Ue Attemnpted anp 
ut tucumbers, ſmall 
d, we thought t: i Gaclicke,ano Come other things not nom r Dy amonet which ¢ 
D cottunting to the chen nuts, ano plantans are berp plealant | 1 —.— 
e Raped fomerwo bis 
w bopnen Eng. 
e, chat they were 
en ate anp thing 
uthe * dba b th dard bert dem chm this bürgen awa⸗ 
tanke, bh ces, witch is mbitith and very Cleere,cothe quantitie of palfe a pyntopt 1 
* — » e htte rine 0 & very coole freſhta lt, and 
ained with great ' 

— e m werb cobs, ſome mbar like to beanen, but is bigger and longer, and much 
3 moze chicke t low and fait then ie warery rene ment mh filet ibe eine ot rg 
3 en becommeth yello w. and ig Cweee and plealant. 
vo, when weput , An chin time of our being 
nant gener ts Re 
to — tal 

any 4 
2 a 
nD when Wwe tee A i ane Sener 
e = ! enz temen tbe propie ann cauntrep his belt wap were 
esque — a. b DACA dur noble ger il Francis Drake, where. 

— . : . Dee ature to nn eet ‘oy Hee eam the „ Dsherwile with. 
* ¢ matt , Kah f 
ve : mete be ſhould starchy ouer the la . ealume with re alt inhabtted places, ang 


d all ſuch ling lauen as w. ¢ eae "ea chance open lo 
A | 


. Ungliſn Voyages, &c. Sir Francis Drake, 


ina — — e eee 
the concluſion of his anl were, and departing, hee pꝛomiled to returt e the next day, but we Neuer 
heard moge of him. 

Upon the koure and twentieth or Nouember, the Generallaccempantcy with the licutenan, 
generall and fire hundzed men marched looꝛth to a village twelue miles within the land, alley 
Saint Domingo, where the Gouetnour and the Bithoppe wich all the better fore were lodged, 
and by eight ok the clocke wee tame to it finding the place abandoned, and the people fled into the 
mountaines: io we made ſtand a while to eale our ſelues, and partly cofec it any would come io 
ſpeake to vs. 

: Atter we had well reed out ſelues, the Generall commaunden the troupes to march ay 
homewards,in which retreat the enemie ſhewed themſelues, oth hoꝛle and loote, though not (uch 
forceas durſt encounter vs: and ſo in palling ſometime at the gale with them, it waren late any 
towards night be loꝛe we coulo retouer home to S. lago. 

Ouchundap the fire and twentieth of jrouember, the Generell commaunded all the pin, 
nelſes with the boates, to vſe all diligence to inbarke the Armie into luch hippesas euety imap 
belonged. The Lieutenant generall in like ſozt commanded Captaine Goring and Lieutinay 
Tucker, with one hundzed thot to make a ſtand in the market place , vntill our forces were 
imbarked, the viceadmiral making May wi h his pinneſſe ¢ certaine boats in the harbour. lo bung 
the Capo laſt compante abouꝛd the hips, Alſo the Sener all willed foꝛthwith the gallic with tng 
pinnelles to take into them the company of Captaine Barton, and the company of Captaint Bigs, 
vnder the leading of captaine Sampton, to ſecke out {uch munition as was bidden in the grou, 
at the towne — Praya 02 Playa, hauing bene pꝛomiſed to be ſhe wed it by a pꝛiſoner, which wat 
ken the day before, 

Che Captaines aforefayd comming to *he Playa, lunded their men, anv hauing placen the 
troupe in their bet drength, Captaine Sampfon tooke the pꝛiſoner, and willed him to thewe pat 
hee had pyomiſed, ihe which he could not, op at leaſt would not: but they Cearching all (ulpecten 
places, found two pieces of opdinance,one of pꝛon, an other of beafle. In the after noone the Bes 
nerall ankered with the rett of che Fleet before the Playa, comming himſelft achoze, willing vt 
bene the towne and make all halte aboopd, the which was done by fire of the clocke the lune da 
and our ſelues imbarken againe the fame night, and lo we put off to ea Douthwerk, 

a But befoze our departure from the to wne ol J. lago. wee eftablithed oꝛders Foy the rar gos 
10 mite courte uernmentol the Armp, tutry man mukered to his taptaine, and othes were mini ed to adm 
man great le dge her Maieſtie fupreme Gouernour, as alfo euerpman to doe his vttermoſt endcuourto as 
t, Aunte the feruice of the action, and to peel due obedlence unto thedirections ofthe General ud 
bis officers, By this ae counfell and laying downe this good foundation before hund ill 
things went fo ward in a due courſe, to the atthieuing of our happy enterpꝛile. 
In all the time ok our being bere, neither the Gouernour for the king of Spaine, (which is a 
Portugall) neither the Bithop, whole auchoricic is great, neither the inhabitants of the tout, y 
Alland euer came at vs (which we expected they ſbould haue done) to intreate vs to lu them 
ſome part ol their necdfull pꝛouiſions, op at the leaſt, to {pare the ruining of their towne atour gos 
ing away. The caule ol this their vnreaſonable diſtruſt (as J doe take it) was the {ret temen 
bꝛance of the great vnongs then had done to old M. William Hawkins of Plimmouth, in the vop. 
be treannor Ae be made 4. 02 s,pecres before, when as they did both bycake their pꝛomiſe, and murihertd mas 
the Porrugals a» Ny Of his men, whereof J iudge pou haue vnderitood, ¢ therefopeit is need leſle to be repeated, But 
La klebe lince they came not at vs, we left written in lund zy places, as alſo in the ſpittle houte,( which bul 
ding was only appointed to be ſpared)the great diſcontentment a (come wetooke at this their rt: 
fraining to tome vnto vs, as allo at the rude maner of killing, x lauage kind of handling the dem 
bony of one of our boyes ſound by them ttragling al alone, from whom they han taken his hend ind 
heart, and han ſtragled the ot her bowels about the plact in a moſt bzutiſh and be aſtly mant. 

In reuenge whereof at our departing we conſumed with fire all the houles, alwell in the couns 
trey which we law, as in the towne ol S. lago. 

From hence putting off to the Weſt Indies, wee were not many vayes at Men, but ttere be · 
— among our people ſuch moztalitie, as in fewe dapes there were dead aboue two oy thyet 

Mazen men. And vntill Come ſeuen oz eight vayes alter dur comming from S. logo, thert han 

not died any one man of ficknefle in all the fleece: the licknelle ſbewed not bis infection whert: 


with ſo manp were uroken, un: ill we were Departed thence, and then leazed dur people with er 


treme hot burning and continuall agues, whereol very lewe efcapen with ! e, am per thole 
fox the moff part not without great alteration anv decay of their wirten and ſrength for 4 
long tune after, In ſome that died were plainelp ſhe wed the Imall ſpotx, which art alter 2 


ir F 

vpon thot 

tweene th 

Well Indi 

kev, ebeir ( 

rong me 

migbt vnd 
that there! 
dement, al 
helping ou 
boat es, ant 
fed on, calle 
whereok, w 
found at 8a 
forotwfull c 
From he 


general, th 
Hifpaniola, 


* 


Hi (i 
15 


ö 


54.1 
Nok conue: 
tPA trocpe 
lle, heari 
ſoners, and 
tountrey. 
— 
elpondert 7 this 1. Illand of Hit 
iola (the fame being neere hand great as England) were many peeres ce cleane conſu⸗ 
be prelen, mo te pata dae pape which was caut 
banpards 1 Wines and ſiluer Mines of ef 
erm . Pines ihe gold 9 J 
byſome af 2 
wih the a 
that goon 2 : 
op thopow # 
Genel, 
pretence, 
to cauta 5 
en, atcom : 
bing athe | 
ne, x with 1 
ger were 9 altogether, whereof they make ercellent good and faire in 
rein there N 4. plate we — many other good things, as their houſbold garniture verp gallant and 
nds, 5 rich, which bad colt them deare, although vnto bs they were of {mall impoꝛtance. 
ight the ofe From Saint Domingo we put ouer to the maine 02 firme land, and going all alongſt the toaſt, 
beine we came at the lat in fight of Carcagena,ttanving bps the fea five, fo neere, as ſome Of our barks Cartagena, 
ss tity inpalling along, «pppoched within the reach of their Culuerin thot, which they had planted vpon 
certatne platfoomes, The Harbour mouth lap ſome three miles toward the Meltward of the 
. totune, Mbereinto wee entred about tier op Foure of the clocke in the afterno 
ues on land towards t liell our Lieutenant 
mſamt of quae who after hee had digeſted vs to march foꝛ warde about midnight, as ealilp ag foote 
mod hous might fall, expr fp commanven bst 
tranell ta 
nei the 
0 fire ane 
fot fog ich were 
artofthe and taking the alarme,vetiren co their townward againe vpon the fir vole 
ru, what lep of our lbutthat wis giuen them: fo the place where wee encountred being wooddy and bulhy 
acceptof euen to the water fiov was vnmeete for their lerulce, 
ne of the At this inttant we n 
mit to lee 
mib hin, 
225 es 
0 aviopning to the towne, Arong, and the entry v f 
ot lic ura tas chainedouer: lo as there Could be noebing gotten bp the attempt, more then the gi 
bpon one Uingof them an alarme on that other Give of the auen being a mile ann abalte fromthe place we 
thelighe no were at. In which attempt the Uice-admirall had the rudder of his Chiffe Qroken though 
ne, a8 with a Saker ſbot. and a litle oꝛ no harme receiued elſewhere. 
tn tthe The troopes being now in their march, halfe ample bebicher the Cowne oz leſſe, the ground 
uchmtbe ve dere on grewe to bee freight, and not avour tte pacesouer, batting the maine Sea onthe 
u aun it, no the baba wer miner late pot ween erer pen tbe cher übe, which in 
much to ih ptitispiainelp bewev. Chis Uresgöt was foptiied cleans auer with a Stone wall and a ditch 
olle lwichoutit : the ſayd wall being as opderlp built with flanking in euery part , as can be ſet downe. 
0 would | There was onetp lo much of this ſtreight Untualled, as might ferue forthe iſſuing of the hoꝛlemen, 
—1 the patting of carpagein time ok neede: but this vnwalled part was not Without a very good 
U 
the 


Barricado 


Alonfo Bravo 


of Cariagena 
taken. 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Sir Francis Drake, 


— — — öwW — — 


Barricado of Hu burg 0) pipes, fillen with earch, u and thicke as they might Mand on ends one 
vy another lome part of them Randing euen with maine fea, 

This place of Urength was kurnilhed with fire great peeces, Demt-culuering, and & ahers, 
which (hetce directly in front vpon vs as wee approchen. sow without this wall vpon the inne 
five of the urclabt, they dad brought lidewile tuo great Gallets wur chetr prowes co the thoy, 
hauing planted in themeltuen pecces of opdtnance, which did beate all roſle che freight ano Hin 
led our com ning on. In theſe two Galleis were planced ther on fem ped mall (hor, ann 
on the land in the guard one ly of ches plate, thꝛee hundzed thot and pikes, 

Chey in chis their full readinetle to reteiue vs, pate d not their (hot both rent and fall, Sy 
dur Lieutenant generall, taking the avuantage of the Darke (the dap light an per nat broken ou) 
appꝛoched vy the lo tmeſt ground, actoꝛding to the erppefle direction which hunſe lle gad fopinerly 
giuen, ihe lame being the len. wet ſha c. where the water was lome what fallen, fo as mall at 
all their (hot was in baine. Our Lieutenant generall conmmanved our fhot to ko heare Mhooting 
vntill we were come tu the wall fice, and fo with pikes roundly together we appypo: he v the place, 
where we foone found out the Barricados of pipes op buts, to be the meeteſt plac 102 our l, 
which notwitbſtanding it was well furnithed with pikes and thot, was without Kaping allt 
ted by vs 1 Downe went the buts ol earth. and pe ll melt tame our ſwoꝛdes and pikes together if 
ter our (hot had ürſt giuen their volley, euen at rhe enemies noſe. Our pikes were ſome what ion 
ger then theits, and our bodies better armed; fop very few of them were armed: with which a 
uantage our Cwopdes and pikes grew too har fo them, and they dziuen to giue place, In this fu, 
rious entry, the Lieutenant generall flew with bis owne hands the chiefe E uligne bearer alte 
Spaniards, who foughe very manfully to bis liues end. i 

{We followed into the cowne with them, and giuing them no leaſure to breath, we wanne te 
Market place, albeit they made head, and fougbt a while before we got it, and fo wee beg once 
leaʒed and allured ol that, they were content co {uifer vs to longe within their totvne, ano fan. 
lelues to gor to their wines, whom they had carpe into other places of the countrey bali our 
comming hither, 

Ateuerp Crectesendthep had ralſed very fine Baricados of earth-workes, with trenches with: 
out them, as well made as euer we law any worke Done: at the entring whereof was ſome litle 
refitance but ſoone overcome it was, with fem llaine og hurt. They hadlopned with them 
ny Indians, whom they bad placed in copners of aduantage, all bowmen, with their arrowes moll 
villanouſly empopſonev, fo as it they viv but beake the inne ehe partie fo touched died without 
great muruell: fome they lle w of out people with thetr arrowes: forme they likewiſe milchtutd 
to death with certaine pricks of (mall ſticks (harplp pointed, of a ſoote and a halfe long, theone 
ende put into the ground, the other empoploned, licking fat vp , right againſt our commingin 
the wap, as we ſhould appꝛoch from our landing to wardes the cowne, whereof they had platen a 
wonderkull number inehe eo; inatie way: but our keeping the fea-wath Hore miſled the sreatett 
part of them very hapy! 

J ouerpaſſe manß matters, as the hurting of Captaine Sampfon at Iwo Uwes 
in the fet entring. bers te” was committed the charge of the pikes of the UAantguard by dis lot 
and turne; as allo of the rf Alonſo Brauo the chiefe commander of chat place by Captaine 


rhe gouernout Goring after the (aid captatie had lirſi hurt bim with his fwozd : vnto which Captaine was com: 


mitten che charge of the Mot of the ſayd UAantguard. 

Captaine Winter was liketwile by his turne of the Cantquar in this attempt, where alforte 
Lieutenant generall marched bimſelle: the laid Captaine Winter through a great defireto(erus 
bp land; beuing now exchanged his charge by lea with Captaine Cecil fop his band ol foot 
men. 

Captaine Powel the Sergeant maior had by bis turne the chatge of the foure companits 
nich made the battaile, 

Captaine Morgan, who at S. Domingo was ol the Nuntguard, han now by turne his charge 
vpon the companies of the Rereward, 

Euery man as well or ont part as of another, came fo willingly on to the ſeruice, as the encrnis 
was not able to endure the fur ie of luch bot allault. 

le ſtayev bere fire mneckes, and the lic meſſe with moꝛtalitie before fpoken of ttill continutd 
among vs, though not with the fame furte as at the firs and {uch as were touched with iht Lapis 
fickneffe,efcaping death, verp few 07 almoſt none cotild recouer their Arength: ed man? of them 
were much decayed in their memozie, inſomuch that it was growen an ozdinarie iudgement, 
when one was heard to ſpeake looliſhiy, to ſap he had bene ficke ofthe Calentura, ae 


Sir Frat 


Spaniſh nam 
ague, The oz 
cearime La fer 
open appe, thal 
count rey peopl 
which at S. Iag 

lich che 
terpꝛiſe, ta got 


bench Moket 


nngena wee too 
thought goon f 


; Arefolt 


The firſt, to 
which is 


men able to anſu 


by reaſon of thei 
bereupon the Se. 
iletie and leruice 


The fecond p 
or elstoc 
we haue 
recompei 


2 ngland : 


hat it is wel 
rie men, witl 


we haue hit herto d 


of our good God t 
men would haue b 
of all the Nands a 
bead gouernment: 
uch inhabitattons 
ded, and interteine 


tannot be denied te 


the cities which be 
lies, with their goo 
gether, are found fe 
was firt conceiued 
be now reduced, aſu 
the ſlacke diſpolitio 
and men being eithe 
as pet there is nat la 


be vnvertaken with 


bore, as with ors 
mite to yeeld vs any 
ter to hold ſure as we 


Sir Francis Drake. Traffiques,and Diſcoueries. 


— eeseennustitsine 
Spaniſh name of heit burning Ague : for as J role POU before, it is a very 
ague, Cheopiginall cav 


burning and peſhlent 
“thereof, is umputed ta the Euening op fier night on whieh thep 


— 


2 


and G tte, tearme La ſere na, wherein they (ov and hold very firme opinion that who fois then abꝛoad in the 
pon the inne open ayze, hall certainty be tnfecten co the Death, nat being of the Indian at ur all race of thole 
s to the thopr, countrey people : by holding then wateh, our nt. were thus fublecten the infectious ape, 
igbt, and ha which at 8. lago was moſt dangerous aud deadly of ail other places, 
mall (hot, any lach che! onuenience of continuall moptalicie, we were lozced to giue ouer our intenbed en: 
t eterꝑꝛiſe, t goe with Nombre de Dios, and ouetland to Panama, where we foul haue trop: 
nd fmall, Su bent Broke loan the treaſune, and full terompence of dur teblous traualles, Aud thus at Car- 
ut hoben out) nugena wee tooke our fir refolution to returne homewaroes + the forme of which re ong 
bad foprnetip thought goon here to put do wne under the pꝛinctp all Captaines hands, as kollowet h. 
fo ag moll of 3 
re hooting HR = Arrefolution of the Land- captaines, what courſe the chinke 
9 — J moft expedient to beetaken, Given at Cartagena the xxvij ot Febru. 
‘ wey 5 arie 1585. 
aping aay 
Stogether i J bereas it hath pleafen he General to demaund the opinions of his Captaines what 
ome What ions 7 iG courte they chinke mot expedient to be now vndertaken, the Land-captaines being al · 
with which an a fe) (ernblen bp themlelues together, anv hauing aduiſen hereupon, doe in hee ponits deli · 
te. In this ty a ner the fame, 
e bearer of the ; 
The firft, touching che keeping ofthe towne againſt the force of the enemie, either that 
we bs a which is prefenc,or that which may come out of Spaine,is anſyere 
— € bolveopinion, that with ehisteoope of men which we baue 
: a , N . preli bs in land- 
— ‘ine 44 elan dlen andmunmned, wee map well keepe the © —_v, albeit that of 
er men able to anſwere pꝛeſent ſeruite, we haue not aboue 700, The reſidue! g fore ! zo. men 
evenches tithe by reaſon of their hurts and ſickneſle are altogether vnable to Gand bs in any ſtead: wherefore 
tas Come litle bereupon the Des-captaines are likewife to giue their refolution » bow they will vndertake the 
toith them ma aulctie and lerulce of the Sbippes vpon the arrluall of auy Opanilh Fleete, 
— pei The fecond poynt we male to be this, whether it bee meete to Zoe prefently homeward, 
ife mnfcyeuen or cls to continue further tryall of our fortune in vndertaking ſuch ike enterprifes as 
slong, theone we haue done already, and thereby to ſeeke after that bountifull maſſe of treafure for 
4 comtmng i recompence of our trauailes, which was generally expected at our comming forth of 
phpld Englands wherein we anſwere. 
cotheguate® bei it is well knomen bow both we and the ſouldlers are entred into this actton as bolunta⸗ 
riemen, without any impꝛeſt on gage from her Maleſſie oz any body cls: and fozaſmuch ag 
Hoon bloines we haue hutherto dilcharger the parts of honeſt men, fo that now by the great bleſſing and fauour 
und hy bis lot ol our good Gov there haue bin taken ther ſuch notable townes, wherein by the eſtimation of all 
e by Captaine men would haue bene found fome verygreat creatures, knowing that S. ago was the chiete citie 
ane was com of all the lands and traffiques thereabouts , S Domingo the chieke citie of Hifpaniola , and the 
bead gouernment not only of thar Hand, but alfoof Cuba, anv of ali the lands about it, as alſo of 
where allo the luch inbabétattons of the fieme land, as were next vntoit, e aplace that is both magnificently buil⸗ 
t delire to (erus ded, and interteineth great raden of marchandiſe: and now lallip the citie of Cartagena, which 
band of foot cannot be denied to be one of the chiefe piaces of moſt efpeciall t 
ure companics 
une bis charge 
as the enemies : 

i Weakened by ficknes and hurts: And fattly,fince that 
fill continued ledtze an ſueß enterppiſt as may ſetme conuentent to 
with — a be vndentaken with fuch few as we are pꝛeſentiy able to make, 

„manpokt 

rie iuogentent, 

which is the 
Opal 


gracious 


The Engliſn Voyages, &c. Sir Francis Drake, 


ntrep, From whence ik it pal pleale her Pateſtie to let vs kocnth 
1 . e and darum iid molt els 15 hen) 1 ea 1 
‘eh anys euour ; 
with any thing that ihe vttermoſt of our Trengeh an 0 HORE: e AIRIG we 
doe adulle and pꝛoteſk that it is fare from our choughts, ule, 0} ( 
e ee to be weatie of any thing, which for the pꝛelene halbe further required opti 
rected to be done by vs From out Generall. 


| i i itie of Cartagena, forthe 
ire ft poynt is concerning the ranſome of this citie of Cartagena, fort 
e it We touched with any fire, there was made an offer of fome xxyij. d 
‘xxviij, choufand pounds ſterling. 


j Anlot ſozt) to aceryt 
90 vtter herein as our opinions agreeing (ſo it be done in goon 
Je e 100 then to heake off bp aiid 155 peed sie area 
hundred choufand poundes, which ieemes 1 sa ne bea 
e eee eee will now bee contented to give it) then un 
with that ſumme offred by them at the firſt (tber ee 
t ith a great deale moze, inaſmuch as we haue taken our tull p | 
d aon thing 10 ſpopling of all their ho Hea 8905 f 8 , 10 wi : 
i ir To 8 0 
that we haue tonſumed and ruined a great part ok t i 
4 in by vs, that as there bee in the Aopage a gre y p i 
eg . huss and trauailes, and diners amongtt then bauing fn 
eet atell and luch other little pꝛouilions as their {mall meanes might haue giuen them cue 
to 625 which being done vy 'n ſuch good and allowable intention as this action bah d. 
Beek tartyed with it, meaning, . the eo deh el on cee ne Gels ae 
mies ſo ſurelp wee cannot but haue an inward regal r i sigh 
ftbis their expectation, and by procuring the 
ther in all good lot towards the fart faction of Wem alts iigeation ern beg 
little benefice to incourage them and to nourith this i chet spac ening aes 
in them and in otbers bp their example againt 2 is 1 e hax (hah aca 
it may bee ſuppoſed that heerein wee pl Son 170 rol * 
thereby the rather moowed to incline our ſelues to this comp 5 „ 
i k all {uch ſulpition, to declare Geereb; , 
good fo; the clearing of our ſelues o „ 
oz portion Corner it bee of this ranforne oꝛ comp Nee os 0 
vs, wee doe freelp giue and bettowe the fame wholp vpo p e 
t i i ter as the Doutdier, withing with all o 
with vs in the Aopage, meaning as well the Say 5 
{ ch oz fo as might ſeeme a {ufficient rewarde koꝛ their 5 

Bat mga e thereof, we haue thought meete to lubligne the de pꝛeſen with 
our owne hands in the place and time aloze lapd. 


Captaine Chriſtapber Carliel Lieutenant Generall, 
Captaine Bering Captaine Sampſon. Captaine Powell cr, 


b Centinell oy" 
were pet there, it happened one day, that our watch callen the i 
„ diſcouered in the Sea a couple of mall Barkes oz 7 
king in with the Barbour of Cartagena, whereupon Captaine Moone and wi eu 
ney, with lohn Grant the Paſter of the Tyger, and fome other Sea-men, emba 


the 
{imal Pinnefles, to take them before they ſhould come nigh the thor, a 
men a a er ea 
warned bp ſignes from comming in; which ö N felt aw 
i vle: forche Spanith Boates, vpon che light of our P 
7 and lo their men pꝛelentlp bidde chernfelues in 


buſhes hard by the Dea lde, amonglt ſome chers that had called them bp Aignesthicher. Due 


men pꝛeſently without anp due regard had to the qualttie of the plate, and ſeeing no man 


fo ldi 

mtelure, Abos ved the Sovanth Barkes op Pogtea, and ug 
. ſuddenly thotte 0 by 4 pe of wrens 2 „ 
which volley of thotte there were llaine Captaine 5 fore 2 Faure on flue others that were hum 
Moone, Mh dyed ſome keme dapes after, befives ſome fe ie dene number of laude 
wi haut their purpoſe, not hauung any lufficient n f ; 

sc bem co Bab on bore je thole en thep carped were all Paciners to rwe fem tm 


s betowing th 


Li 
at fe 
the bi 

D 


ted wit 
Gentle 
and oft 
ſome ot 
The 

the {pac 
euery w 
their tre 
Che 
being w 


ofthe fap 
nl Abbey 
be lame 
kedeemet 
tented to. 
Blockeh. 
much fop 
bs to teke 
uing fret 
was by ve 


Chile 


harbour m 


water aboc 


uthe Alla 
lung in ie u 
| {et opverlp 
F thee miles 


After fir 
dayes agte, 
gift, kell ine 
he loſt the c 
bout with ¢ 


deede it fo fe 


the lalt hauin 
hey were re 


haduertiſed 


whole Fleet. 


caurſe tomar 


ſeuen and tw. 
ache ande 
Hauana. 


Alter wee 
aug lake 


armed, becaule they made account with their opdinance to haue taken the Barkes well tun 4 Nile better § 


5 
rancis Drake, 


Daiettie to fet vs foonih 
willing to goe through 
ble to reach vnto; but 
either to refule, op 
Further required o) ois 


of Cartagena, forthe 
| otter ot Lome xxvij.or 


in good ſozt) to acc 
on dur demaundsokont 
rkozmed fo; thepzelent 
tion better be Latiltign 
ed to giue it) then un 
n our tull ple aſure both 
jarchanbize , as alfoin 
fire, And cous mc) 
t many pooze men, wh 
ngſt chem hauing {peng 
t haue giuen chemie 
bas this action bath d. 
w ino Dangerous cnes 
p lpe in vs, to hee cps 
by pocuring them fome 
ilpolition of theirs boch 
ccaſion. But becaufe 
ok our ſelues, and are 
wee poe therefore thinke 
pereb} , that what part 
which (orto cou tuto 
en, who haue remapned 
er, wilhing with all dur 
their gaine full invenour, 
igne the Ze ppelenm with 


at General, 
, Captaine Powel ge 


allen the Centinell, op" 


Barkes oz Woates, tu 
one and Captaine Vare 


men, embarked there 
nigh the thore, arte 
Lane, thep might be 
twichſtanding al! the di 
t ok our pinnclles cen. 
ently hwde eer 
t bp fignes thicher, an 
and leeing nomad 
Boates , and fo anduig 
s out of the buthes : 1 
pꝛeſentlp, and Cap . 
ue others that were war 5 
cient numberof fount 
rers to rowe, ftw of ih 
the Barhes welt N eter fo water, 


* 
* 


SN ee eee ee eee 
R . 


5 ſeuen and twentiet 
anchoz and depart 
Hauana, 


Sir Francis Drake, 


at fea, which they might full catit 
the harbour mouth,before the S 

During our above in this plar 
vs and the Spaniards 


This towne of Cartage 


Gentlemen, 


and of the maine land coat nert Unto it. 


lome other like reaſons, which Icould giue pou, ouer long to he now written, 


oferne the 
ted with fare moze richer Perchants. 


being the chiefe oꝛ higbeſt 


pet ſtanding, the Ducat valued at fue (i 


nter way pecpared fop their Het defence. As 
their trealure and principal ſubſtance. 


Chile this latter contract was in making, 
g harbour mouth. where they anchozed thet 


ough larke of f. 


hol Apꝛil. 
ed, thinking in ke 


1 Biockeboute oꝛ Cattie, whichis 


e S. A 


After wee had lailed ſome fourtcen da 
uourable wind: but then o 


is place, we put to 


Traffiques, 


» haue done, without any lolſe ar all yt 


pantards boates had gotten ſo neere the tho 
as alſo at S. Domingo, there paſſe 

48 Eealting, and vlin 

thers there tame to ſee the General, the Gou 

and diuers other Genel, 


ze mpoꝛtance, by realon of the ercellencie of 


and Diſcoueries. 


ze. 


em with all kludneſle and fauour: 
ernaur of Cartagena, with the Bi 


between vs, ſhould be 100, 


Domingo, giues aspoulee, a farre 


ere, 


was caufe that 
alfo 


fea the laſt of March, where alter two op three 


other 


k they had come in timo ta 


ddiuers court eſies betweene 
ſo as amongſto· 
op of the lame, 


with fire, as we had 
in cheir ſirſt treaties 
and 10000, 
billings ſice pence ſterling. 
greater ran⸗ 
be Harbour, 
ios and other places and is inhabi⸗ 
The other is chiefly iuhabit e with Lawyers and bzaue 
ir ſuites i all the Illands about it, 


AND ie is ok no (uch accompe as Cartagena, fog theſe and 


that they had caried and conueyed away all 


ips fell vowne towards the 
elr men in fetching of kreſh 


a bery pleafane place as hath bene ſeene ha & 


others, being o 
Inſomuch as the whole Alland being Come two oz 
rounds of gardening and oꝛchards. 


he Ilan ab 
ates 


546 The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, Sir Francis Dreke . 
Ss camer salt i nah anh DE 


other then raine water newly fallen, and gathered vp by making pits in a plot of marriſh ground, a — 

ſome chzec hundred pales kram the feafive, teene 
Amon com- A doe wzong if J could Forget the good erample ofthe Generall at this plate, who eo enco ⸗ ; — Mie 
mienbablesés rage others, and to hatten tbe getting of krech water book the (hips, took uo letter paine umſele fe == Ebb: 
ample ma c. then the mranelt; as allo at 5 Domingo. Cartagena, amd ail other placrs » hauing alwayes (oy 2 
nerall. gilant a care and forcfightin the good oꝛdering of bis Fleete, actompauping them, as it is ſapde, mm N to the 

with ſucb wonderfull trauell of boop, as doubtleſle had he bene the meaneſt perſon, as hee was the 

chiekelt, he had yet deſerued the firt plate of honour: aud no elle happy doe we account him, fo, 

being allociated with Maſter Carliel his Lieutenant generall, by whole experience udent coun: 

fell,and gallant perfopmance be atchien ao fo many and hapyy enterpꝛiſes of the warte, by whom 

alſo he was very greatly alliſted. in letting downe the needkull ozders, lawes, and courte of iullite, 

and the due adminiſtration of the fame vpon alloccafions, 

Atter three dayes (pent in watering our Ships, wee departed now the ſetond time From this 

Cape ofS. Anthony the thirteench of May, ann proceeding about the Cape of Florida, wee ncuee 

touched anp where; but coatting alongſt Florida, and keeping the ſhoze Killin ſight. the 28.0f sy 

early in the Poꝛning wee delcried on the ſhoze a place built like a Beacon, which was in dee . ene, ar 

ſcaffold vpon foure long maſtes railed on ende, for men to viſcouer to the ſeaward, being inthel! - fe In ch 

titude okthirtie degrees, oz very neere thereunto. Dur Pinneſles manned, and comming toe and fiftt 

(hore, wee marched vp alongſt the riuer fine, to lee what place the enemie held there: fox nonea Selen 

mong it vs had any knowledge thereok at all. poſe, th. 

pere the Generalltooke occaũon ta march with the companies himſelle in perlon, the Licut: Whereot 

nant generall hauing the Uantguardz and going a mile vp 07 ſomewhat moze by the riuer lde ue fee In:tal,w 

might diſcerne on the other fine of the river ouer ag ainſt vs, a Font vibich newly had ben burt . diene bet 

by the Spaniards + and tome mile oz thereabout aboue the Foꝛt was a uttle Towne o; Village ß A one! 

without walles, built ol woodden houles, as the Plot doeth plainely thew, Mee kozthwithpepa⸗ By Deere 

red to haue opdinance fo2 the batterie; and one peece was a litle pefoze the Euening planter, un Re ano from 

the firtt hot being made by the Lieutenant gen all himlelke at their Enligne, ſtrake thoughthe ktamther 

Enſigne, as wee afterwards vnderſtood vy & French man, which came vnto vs from them, Dne He 

{hot more was then made, which ſtrabe thefoote ofthe Fozt wall, which was all malline timber of 


great trees like Maltes. Che Lieutenant generall was determin d ao palle the river this night 

with 4. companies, and there to ludge himlelfe intrenched as nere ty Fort, as that he migitplap ee bp the bet 
with bis mulkets and ſmalleſt ſhot vpon any that ſhould appeare, and lo after wards to ying ans then any 
plant the batterie with him: but the helpe of Mariners ko that ſudden to make trenches toult Re Tie pa 


not be had, which was the caule that this betermiration was remitted vntil the next night. B Eom ches 
In the night the Lieutenant gencrall cooke a little rowing Sokiffe, and halke a dozen wellat« Che ni 
med, as Captaine Morgan, and Ciptaine Sarupfon, with ſome others beſides the rowers, ¢ went 4 this coaſt, 
to biem what guard the ene mie kept as alſoto take knowledge ofthe ground. And albeit he went +d found 
as couertly as might be, pet the enemie taking ß Alarme, grew feareful that the whole force was alter Re 
appꝛoching to the allault, and therefore with all ſpeede abandoned the place after thethooting of Aa Place whic 
ſome of their peeces, Chepthusgune, and hee being returned bnto vs againe, but noching know anchozed t 
Nicolss Bor ing of their flight from their Fozt foꝛthwith came a Fr Aunbeing a Phiphber ( who had bene From u 
bo bon. rifoner with them) in a litle boate, playing on his ze tune of the rire ol Orencelis ie oe Vi 
ongz and being called onco by the guard he tolde them betoze he put foote out ok the boate, tohathe 10 oano 
was himlelke, and how the Bpimiards were gone from ti Fort , offering either to ttmuine ir 0 be un 
hands there, oz eis to returne to the place with hem that would goe. n the be mo; 
Upon this intelligence, the Generall the Lieutenant general, wich tome ok the Cptinten 8 0 
one Obiffe, andthe Uite - zumirali with ome others in his Shilke: and two auth Pimneſlet u 
furnichen of louldiers with them, put prefently ouer towards the Fort, giuing oper for therettot rust than 
the Pinneſles tolollom. And in dur apppoch, Come of che enemte belder then the reſt, haning taped vi bickua 
behindetheir company, thot olf two peetes ol oꝛvinance at vs: but on ſhoze wee went, andentted i dec perfons 
che place without finping anpman there, Mii 
Ehen the dap appeared, doe kcunn i: built all oftimber, the walles being none other but tobol ies 1 75 ifr 
alles 02 bodies af trees fet up right dnp clofe together in manct of @ pate, woichout anp itches HF tephen ene 
Ramme tare wb ineennetithfnme mop ie tbep bab not as pet Etepal ee en erp than 
hauing begunne the fame ſome three op foure moneths betoze: lo as, to fay the tueth cher zan 
reaſon to keepe it, being lubiett both to fire, and eaſie aſlault. 
The platkoꝛme whereon the oꝛutnante lap, was whole bodies ol long pine trees nhercotthet 58 
is great plentie, iayd a croſſe one on other, and tome litle earth amongtt, There were in * 


nch Drake, 


dir Francis Drake. F — yͤ— œ— 

5 a Traffiques. a i 

518 1 0 ee 4 ques, and Diſcoueries. 547 
b shee at peeces of Bꝛaſſe ordinance and a chet — 

ate, who fo encour ff . lue ot ſome two thoulan bpetinationotebehinges ee Dautng in tothe vas 

p lelle paine hunſelſe 3 emen, > papthe ſouldiera 


wing alwayes (0 vi. 
them, as it is ſayde, 7 
rfon, as hee was the a 
we account him, fo, 
riencenrudent coun: 
the warre, by whom 
and tourſe of iullice, 


1 their hoꝛles read 
chaſez and lo oucrgoing all his company, was U 


was by the ſame and 


econd time fromeis . nd Failing downetherewith, 
of Florida, wee nur pleces of his body with fworns 


night the 28. olchy 3 was muchlamented being in very deede an honeſt wi 
wwhich was in dent: A ente, and ok as great courage as any ihe ha Gen 
ward, being inthe: ME Weis place called S. Auguſtin, we vnderſloodt 
and comming toe 8 cares 1 15 anoth 

: 1 me elena, he di elikewiſe k 
held there: foz none · pote, then to kee et 
ei. 
ze by the riuer ſoe ve N „ 0 in the bayol 
newly had bent lun tiene peeres agae. This Gouernour had c uenteen oz eigh · 
fle Catone oy Ellas a eee 10 ne wfetame, bargear boepplaces, ime in chien, 
Mee koꝛthwithyyrpa ⸗ as reſoluev in full aſſembly of Captai ce 
Euening plane, nu fe he 55 thence to fecke ou the inbabitation af oe 2 Enterprile or S. Helena, 
ne, Crate thughihe ram hence lome fire nedtees Moat: Man. Pimen in Virę nis, diltant 
obs from them. Dne elena, the ſholos 
8 all malline timber of deere 
lle the riuer 0 
t, as that he might play 
dterwards to 1 bips of greater burthen and dyaught 
o make trenches coul ftom the tho which! 
0 10 e thore, und the ch is thaltow fo a league 
betete dn: I 4 cbeunche bermot part, ian 
desthe rowers, went 
nd. bee i gh) 5 
pat the tuboletopce ad: directia 
ate akter thethcoting of ae at. But ſome n wee proceeded along to the 
ame but noting hie 15 annere, le vente, 
Te R Lane, being gouetnour of thoſe En⸗ 
dutok the boate, what he pecially he 1905 an Alland which they 
ing either to rtmunte 15 ith bis neceſſities and wants, Romoat 
wmeok the Captainesin 
two on three Led ! t 
ing opt fon ten ! ® 2 derbe aun 
Adie vee 8 dif ol them all (being snbunoron y 0 
ope wee went, an il they thought time, with any o undzed and 

but tobe ein — fficie cr 
ing none other but! into Engla nd made lufficient dilcouerte alread 
ale, toichout ia f ceonerpeban vem pallage. Bü they, as it rte nde api 5 
er Finityen al theit being apypoin greac clavnette, chat which ines 1 us Co Rap, acceps 
acheter dean befone ef ae bp foutte of thts owe camp feat int ber ue gee, 
ere ar k the Fleete the wc 

1 mabe tee ET 


and lo b 1 
ae ſomeol our Flecte which bar 


548 The Engliſh Voyages, 7 he ſtate of the Weft Ind. tunes. The] 
ber was the thip appointed fo Maſter Lane and his company) Was dꝛiuen — 
vat coteatn great Bangers auopding the coat , and could neuer fee bsagaine until we mene . 
. aay)» QE tall 
Notwithſtanding after all this, the Generalloffre Dhar 
iv wi i ſuch a one fo2 their turnes, as might haue bene (pie goo 
other ſhip with lome pꝛouiſlon, although not D> els it they would pnco thet 
is being vnable to be bought into their (arbour. D el ey would, to 
gar bergie into England, although he knew he (houlo perkoyme it with greater dicfteulle . 
t haue done before, . 1 
eue Lane wich thofeof tbe chiefet of Hs comet eee ie hgh ye ner 7 
{ ld be beſt fo, them to doe, ma y a 
sie 4 0 tage 60) 1 ngland : the which being graunten , and the reft lent tod out of te rie 
countrep andihipped, we departed from that coatt the 18.0f June, N an boli 
And lo, Goo bee chanked, both they and wee in goon fafetie arriued at Porte ſmout the 28. eme, 
Gulp 1 5 8 6, tothe great grogy of Gon, and to no mall honour to dur Pꝛinte, out Countrer, an their court 
out {elucs, ˖ is etteemen at thꝛee (cope ihouſm Pilots doe 
ll value of that which was gotten inthia vopage de effeemen af th f de, 
8 K k the companies which haue trauellen inthe vopage were to haue ttuentic thon Ween 
land pounds, the aduenturers the other 19 2 10 we twentie thouland pounds (as A can oteafion 10} 
iuDae) will redound fome fire pounds to the Lingle Hare, , 
ane lome leuen hundzed end fiftée men in the voyage: aboue thee parts of them onelp ty the 5 7 
roe ah ok name that dyed and were Maine in this voyage, which J can prefently calm 0 hen 
sare thele wi n 
e e Captaine Bigges. : 9 1 
Captaine Varney. Captaine 69 0 Pt Cartag 
Captaine Mo one. Captaine wer 4 fortification 
Captaine Forteſcue Captaine Greenefield. biour, there b 
Lieutenant. Maſter Nicholas Winter. the South l 
ee e a Lieutenant, Mafter Alexander Carliell. | moe oꝛdina 
Mafter Eſcot a Lieutenant. br 585 Alexander. it 1 i a 
jeute· after Scroope. pole, there i 
Maſter Waterhoufe a Lieute Mafer lames Dier, thonia rue, 


nant, 
Matter George Candiſh. Matter Peter Duke. 


ith Come other, whom fo2 batte J cannot ſuddenly thinke on. 8 
N gotten of all forts Bꝛaſſe and Fron, were about two hundzed and foptypeeces, 


whereof the two hundzed anv Comemoge were bia and were thus kound and gotten, 


Jago ſome two oꝛ three and fiftie peetes. i 
eae Ponte g⁰ ret tourette, whereof was very much great opvinance, as tule Cam 


non, Dem canon, Culuerins and ſuch like. fhopetihetnife of he greater fp, 


Gn Cartagena ſome ſirtie and thꝛee peetes, and good 
ance, ol which the molt part was gotten at S. Domingo, the rell 


Coe 
; from Sa 
banke oz bay 
dings therein 
of which two 
the other calle 
out the citie al 
mme of lone, 
new kingdon 
coat of this fi 
6 very foun 


In the Fort ol S. Auguſtin were foureteene peeces. 
The reſt was Aron opdin 
Cartagena. 


Arclation of che ports,harbors forts and cities in the J t his Vi 


ich haue bene ſurueied: ediſied, finiſned, made and mended,with thofe Chis Citie 
5 haue bene builded , in a certaine ſuruey dy the king of Spaine his eh 2 wur hatht 
commandement: Wtitten by Baptiſla e Anion, ſurueyour in thoſe parts for the Ships doe ent 
King, Anno 158 7. f ped 175 
a 5 Sunta Marta. eee ano inthe enter 
21 ö cheprinripall Citte ofthe Bithoppicke or Dioceso | 20.0) th favor 
as. lg oa le. degrees and i che city being bee TES khgoagh this ch 
0 a landy bap adioyning onto the {ea five conteinethin it abot zo bunden bout,after pou 
Ace es being mane of canes , and toueren ouer with Palmito tees, Ind of Cates, 
home of thembe couered with tyle. fap iit Te — 5 ali 
Cher hans traflike with none, but with the Indians of the counttp, wt pon the coy 


nd.townes, 


Theſtate of the Weft ind.townes. and Diſcoueries. 


549 
any) was dꝛiuen „ ee e eee ü ö 
doe bring unto the Citic for to fell earthen Pots and Pipkins, and Couerlits of Co 
until we mene and hie em hen Jarres. Alſo they doe traffique to Cartagena, It is a countre 
10 taints) t Cinall lope of vattel, becaute t is all mountainous,ano atl fall Coxe of people, 
5 0 benef i good harbour before the fain towne, inuironed with migbey hils ¢ great rocks, 
79 pies 1 vnto the lea ſide, the tobich hie land doth greatly ſucctur the harbour, as allo 
5 eisficuti about; ok a league on the Soph fives lo that although they be ſubiett to Ea and that 
reate e wich great tomes, pet they due no great harme togoe on land. there is a 
with him conf place which is called La Caldera, where in times 
1 0 bam their Dhippes, As touching the Harbour, there is 
fens fo) out oft bltt, by realon there is no trade no 
inen baue cerriſied pour . thereof, Aud allo becaute 
and looling euery day fo many as it do 
4255 bs abet enemie. Dar if pour Moieſtie would 
Mee their courte to this harbour being int 
nee (core ihoulm 
haue twentie thou 0 A 
UNDE (as Jen r 100 shh which 
pon the coat of Hifpaniola: and this tbe cauſe 
BOF them onelp by ay as your Maieltie bor well know. 
atcoꝛding as J haue certi d pour Maieſtie, they ſhall come in ; 
pretencly calltore ake anp further way about; lo by this meanes bath the Fleetes 
ap, and then come ta S. Marta, and the Fleete of Noua Hiſpania 
vnto the firme land may gde direct 
ofoptifierhe laid Harbour, and the 
in of the ſaid har⸗ 
and fo to plant ſome ſmall qua e. And hard by on 
1 N litle Towze, and another Sconce, where wee map plant fome 
ll. mme ondinance. Oo bythis meanes not onely the Ohippes may ride heere in fecuritie, but allo 
r. it wil bee a dekence fop thole which dwell bere in the Cowne : and the better to effect this pur⸗ 
pole, there is hard bythe Towne Great Hope of Lyme, Stone, Sande and Tymber, ikocccalion 
| Soult lerue. 
| Cartagena, 
ed and key peter, Te 
te, m hel C I bande op bay le v : grees cant, 
ie dings therein: ag there are three SBonattertes, 
eater fot, of whichewo okt one called Santo Domingo, and 
nt Francis, which ſtandeth a, 
‘ tt pou mut goe spon a Cauſey 
Yomingo, heit out of Spaine, and out of The 
new kin the Stands there aviopning, froth Peru, and from all che 
ihe ep Indies wattokt the fithing of the pearles of Rio de la Hacha audof Margarita: it 
ended with thofe 
ine his direction and re allthe 
oſe parts for the faid ts 1400, 
led La boca 
‘ 3 is ia oe in bent, 
which is 200,parbs broad, ano 
2 Dioces of the cont erintothe arbour pott mf ga 
he city being ficuattd at the entring inof the ſayde are 
about 3o,houtholds the ſhoate ward n 
Palmito trees, as ates, and locke 


j Channell, all the reſt are cereat 
pe fal countr ob ber vpon the toppe ol them, Comte 


Francis Drake, 


in at the mouth, mutt bring very good Pilots wich them, which mud be very Chilfull: pet all thig 
will not Cerue, but they mutt carry their Woate veloze, and found with their Lead to know where 
the beſt place of the Channell lyeth fog them to goe in, ſo it will be ſmall hinderance to anp ſbippe 
that (hall enter. neither pet danger at all of linking. 

There are three places about the lapde Citte, where the Enemie map giue an attempt by 
Land. The onc of them is where the enemie did enter in and landed, which is a ſandy Bap, any 
onthe one fire of the Bay is the Dea, and on the other ſide agreat Lake which gorth towards rhe 
Harbour. The landy bay 02 banke. on the one five is Soo. pardes broad, all fandp ground without 
any trees. So that the enemie which giveth the allault in this place mutt bee contrapned tg 
march all alongſt this landie Bay, the enemie lying open theſe 500. pardes, which reach vntil 
pou doe come to the trench: And on the backlide other 300, pardes, till pou doe come vnto iht 
Citie. i 

The ſayde ſandie bay oz banke is 1 30. pardes bꝛoad, where the trench is builded. And in his 
plate this Citie hath bene taken by the enemie twile. Therefore heere wee haue deiucn ing 
great many of wooden ſtakes. which goe downe into the fea 50. pardes deepe: and this wee hae 
done, becauſe this is a very dangerous and filthy coat, And below in the bottome ok the Cally 
there we haue builded a little Sconce, where we may plant 3.02 4. peetes of ordinance, Andiite 
wiſe wee haue made a deepe ditch, which doeth anfwere ta both parts ok the (ea; ſo on this ldethe 
oes very trong and {uffictent, Foz this was the place whereof the Citizens were nul 
akrapde. 

The orber entring is lower downe by the ſayde ſandy Bay, which is called Cienaga, 0) Cie 
ſenne del Roreado. This is auother place which is on the ſayd Candy bap, which is 300,parnes 
broad from the one place Downe to the fea, And on the other five there lyeth the Cienaga,whichig 
acertaineplat of ground that is ouerflowen with water all the peere long. Oo that the enemie 
which tall come this wap to winne the Citie, mut come marching ouer land a good wp spon 
alandie banke oꝛ Bap, where the Sea lyeth on the one five , and a groue op boſke of twood onthe 
other fine, and through a plat of ground which is ouerflowen with water, but not all thurted, 
Oo in this place wee haue made a Foxe 02 Kconce with certaine Flanckers belonging there 
unto. And J haue tauled a deepe ditch to be vigged ol 6o,foote in bꝛedth, lo that che Seadurh 
come to that plat oz plate which is ouerflowen. Ano in this oꝛder we haue ope this pallage,o 
that the Citie ſtandeth in maner like vnto an Aland. There is 260. patves dillance ftomthis 
place to the other trench where the enemie Francis Drake did land laff, 

The entring in of this Harbour is by the bꝛidge and Cauſey which voeth goe from the Citieto 
S.Francis; the lapd Cauſep is 300. pardes in length, and 12. pardes in bzedth: and the wattris on 
both the fines of the ſaide Cauſey: ſo this is the ſtrongeſt place of all the reſt of the three places, 
Alſo in this place there is oꝛdet taben to make a dꝛaw bpinge, and vpon the top of the {aio binge, 
to build a platfoꝛme, and plant opdinance vpon it: and on both fives of the beinge there are certaine 
trenches made, where our men may be clofe kept. 

At the point of this land called ycacos, which is in the entring in ok the harbour towards S. An. 
na, we haue made a Fort of timber foureſquare of 300. foote euery wap, and trencht, where wit 
may plant 15.02 16. peeces of owinance, and keepe 30. men in gariſon, and behinde the bournes 
on the backlide of the timbers, a Barric ado of earth op mudde wall being foure foote inthichnelle, 


and behinde che mud-wall, ſand: Co this Foꝛt will bee of greatimpoztance for fafegarof his | 


Harbour, becauſe all the Shippes which doe enter into this Harbour doe come clofe to thisplace 
where it is ſtrongeſt, lo that ſometimes one may taſt a Kone into the ſhips when they are conning 
in: and when any ſhip of warre op Pirate will giue any attempt to enter into this Harbour thett 


The . of is onder giuen that the two galleys thal go foath,and put themſelues behinde the FF opt with theit 


Nuri to the ſea, and fo ſhaoting at their enemies in the fopepart ofthe (hip, and then the font ar 
ering like wile with their ogdinance at the fine of the fhippe, and at their tackling, ſothe memtt 
being in the Harbour all vnrigged, they muſt ok neceſſitie be conſtrained to Ipe houtring within 
the Harbour, oꝛ els they muſt dziue vpon the rockes called the Iſmo, o els vpon thole rocks which 
are cauered with the (ea at the land of Cares. 

And put caſe that in this place we can doe no good by this meanes, and that the enemie wil 


venture to come in with their long boates ¢ Winnolles thꝛough ibis narrom mouth: then wen 


to haue in a readinelſe 4, Frigatã to apde and helpe the gallies, ¢ to row with oares, and ſo to gol 
the narrow mouth, and there to lla in the channel, And foratmuch as the entring in is ſodenge 
rous, attoꝛding as J haue certified pour Maieſtie, chere tan no Hip come into this harbour but ie 
mutt needes linke them; lo that thele vefences {hall not onely bee annoyance to theenemi, 1 


alſo ani 
ol the ei 
this oꝛd 
ciile: fl 
contrat, 
this we 
which t 
that pou 


Ind. tones. 
p ckilkull: pet all this 
Leadto know where 
derance to anp wipe 


b giue an attempt by 
is a ſandy Bap, any 
ch goeth towards the 
INDY ground without 
bee conitrapned to 
8, which reach vntil 
ou doe come Unto the 


builded. And in this 
wee haue dꝛiuen ing 
yes and this wee haue 
ottome ok the Cally 
Fodinance. Andlike: 
fea; ſo on this ſidethe 
Citizens were mul 


led Cienaga, 0) Cle 
which is 300,pardes 
the Cienaga,whichig 
+ Oo that the enemie 
land a good wap spon 
boſke of wodd onthe 
» but not all coueren, 
ers belonging theres 
fo that the Socaronh 
e ſlopt this pallage,fo 
ves diſtance fromthis 


) roe krom the Citieto 
th: and the waterison 
eft of the threeplaces, 
top of the fain ninge, 
idge there ate certaine 


arbour towards . Au. 
nd trencht, where wee 
w behinde the bandes 
ure foote inthicknell, 
te fox ſafe gard of this 
tome cloſe to thisplace 
hen they are comming 
ito this arbour, there 
nde the Fort with theit 
and then the Foyt an 
tackling, ſo the nemte 
to lye houtring within 
ppon thole rocks which 


d that ihe enemie wl 
we mouth: then weint 
th oares, and fo to gott 
centring in is lo dange 
to this harbour, but ut 
ance to theenemie, 


The ſlate 97 the Weft Ind.townes. and Difcoueries, 


allo animate and encourage the inhabitants ofthis citie +foa they haue beene and are 
ol the enemle and pirates, that if wee had not made theſe kogtiſicatiuns, Geengthenen one is 
this order, and put ſome ſouldiers in gariſon, the citizens would haue fledde, and forfaken tis 
civte : fo, all the perfwations made to them bp the gouernour coulde not perlwade them to the 
contrary, but chep would bee gone, iktt had not bene fox this fortification » and pet fo; all 
this wee haue much to doe to make them to fap here: fo nowe bp reaſon of theſe ſouldiers 
which Halt come hither , the people of the citie haue taken beart of graſſe: ſo J haue tolde them 
that pour maiettic will command that this citie and the harbour ſhall be better fortified and made 
ene all this which J haue cauled to be builded, is wich that money which A haue bozow⸗ 
edol the citizens. ; 

As touching the fafegard and defence of this harbour, if pout maieſtie fo pleaſe, here may we 
buildea verp faite and ſtrong cattle with foure bulwarks, on the povnt of the Ycacos which doth 
lie on the five where the citie is builded, becauſe all the chippes which doe come to this harbour. 


Jathe narrow mouth at the entring in the other way cowardes the Jlland of Cares, where 
the channell doth runne neere the ſhoze, as J haue already certified your maieſtie, there may an⸗ 
other cattle be made, and there foure oz fiue pieces of oꝛdinance planted, and fore ſire q; eight men 
to keene watch and ward: this being done, pour maiettie ſhall haue this citie verp well koztified, 


by reaſon it is of fuchimpogtance fop the leruice of your maie tie, and the trade or all Spaine and 


Peru, and all the Indies: foꝭ this is the principal For of all this Countrep, 

Duer againſt this point of the Ycacos,in the Bile of Cares, hard by the water lide, there are 
great More of Hones , free ſtones, and other tones to make lyme, aud wood to burne the tones 
wichall fop the lyme, and great part ok the tones doe lie about the water: ſo the wood will coſt 


N tue the entting of it bone. and the wozking ofit, and with litele paines taking it will bee bꝛought 


do good perkection, for wee haue already made triall thereof, for there was neuer building that 


went to decay after it hath bene made, noꝛ petiſhed by the fea: fo the charge hereof will be but litle 


02 nothing. ; 

And fo2 co put this in pꝛactiſe to build a kot, it is needefull that pour maieſtie ſhould fend bie 
ther and to many other places, where any fore (hall bee made, ſome fore of Negros, and to this 
place would be fent 150 Negros brought from Guyney : andif the Negros of Hauana are not 
to bee imploped there, no thole which are in Sant Iuan de Vilua, it may ple / vour maieſtie to 
taule them to bee Lene for to this place, fo moſt of them be artificers, fon, . alons » bricks 
layers, ſmitbes and Catopers ind to lend ſome mafons frum Spaine ro teach dur nien thele occu: 
pattons, And after thele fortifications are ended and all furnished, then the Negros may be ſolde 
to great pꝛaltt, lo a Negro that is of any occupation is ſolb here fo2 600. and 700. peʒos. 


Nombre de Dior. 
TOmbre de Dios is builbeb won a landy Bay hard b che len lde, itis acitie offome thircié 
N bouſboldes oz inhabitants: thete boutes ate builoeD of timber, and molt df che people 


Inbich are there be fopreiners, they are there to day and goneto mazromns it is full of woods and 
fonne placesof the lamm are puerllomen with water concinnally by renter of much raine which 


elan von the hils. It is a verp bab harbour, neitber is there any goon water: and it is ſub⸗ 


tert ta Roßtheriy winds and Eaſterly windes, which continnally doe blow vpon this coat: man 
ofthe great thins which doe come to this place doe vnlade halle their A ie te Det iueens 


| beswolengesofcockes , for that there is but little water ir the harbour: and after that a me 
; bak 


57¹ 


Che poynt of 
Ycacos, 


$52 The Engliſh Voyages, Theſlate of the Weft Ind. tonne. 


bath vnladen halle ol her goods, then thee goeth to the lerond rocke, as it Doth appcare by thy 
platfozme, but the {mall chips come neere vnto another rocke on the Ten five, If the winde 
chance to tome to the Moth and Moꝛthweſt, and that it ouerblowe, then ſuch great ſhips as they 
be inthe roade muſt of force moze themſe lues with fire cables a head, eſpetially in a forme, n 
pet neuertheleſle ſometimes hey are dpiven athoze ind ſo caſt away, and all becauſe t bey dary 
not vier cable ynough, becauſe of la many ſhelues and rockes which are in both thole places; 4, 
fo the ſhippes doe roule very much in the harbour, by reaſon in foule weather the Sea will bit ckcuttett 
migbtily growen, which is the cauſe that their cables do otentunes hzeake, and their ruthtr m fe 1 oot 
vnhanged, the caule thercolis byreafon che (yippes doe ride but in little water, pet goeth thert 1 met 33 
reat ſea. 20 avast 
. The citieis bullded and Utunted very well irit were a gdodhůrbour, i ſlandeth vpon the e 7 
five vpon a rocke where they may builde a very good kot, acco wing to che platko nme fo they, ve 4 saa 
gard of this harbour: but fecing it is but a bad hauen and (hallow water, therefore J dee Uum 810 
that it is not neevelull foꝛ pour maieſtie to be at any charges in foptifping that place, but culpa 
trench to be made ak earth oꝛ clay, ſo that thele to wnelmen mop defend themlelues ftom rang 
of 3.02.4. thins, 

Cbet dent Panama is eighteene leagues from Nombre de Dios, the wapes are exceeviny 
bad thithe warde; pet not wirhſtanding all the ſiluer is bought this way to Nombre de Dio g 
well pour mateſties treaſure as other marchandtze; ſo likewile the mot part cf thole cem / ine. and! 
ties which are caried to Peru, and the reſt of the marchandie are tarried to the riuer of Chaore b. * * 
which is ſome 18 leagues from edis titie and it is brought vp by this river within fiue leagues eae ‘tpl 
of Panama vnto an Inne o; lodge called Venta de Cruzes, and from this place afterwards they ba 2 ; te 
ate tranfporten to Panama vpon Males. The high way which gocth from Nombre de Dios: 1 r * 
Panama may be very wel mended, only to remoote this way and to ſtop it quite vp, and ſo tomile om aud 

Nombre de Dio it zhaime vpon the fine of a mountsine. Chis eitle lieth in nine degrees and one tierce, anif N 
ino-Degand pour imatettie will giue oder that ibis citie shout be plucked Downe and newiy builoed gu go i 
"  PuereoBello,hen pou are romakeaneto wep though the mountains of Cee eee Serena 
not be frequenten and becauſe the bigh wapes ate very bans withlittle charges hey map bet estes 
ken and ſo thut vp, and the chaitell of thés harbour map bee tops with the timber of hole eh hips Design 
which are laid bp here tuery pere, and then alterwards map be alt a great number of dann nu re 
the ſame, and ſo by this meanes to damme vp the harbour: and here is great want of fours to 
ballaſt che thippes :wherefoe they are faite to goe to an Alland thee leagues from Cartagena 
called Ifla de los Baftimentos, and this is a thing berp neede full ez this Counttty, u by 
experience I haue ſeene. 


‘ not very 
good, and! 
* 


3 map fee by 
IJkit we 
© zought an 


Puerto Bello. 


pire Bello tieth liue leagues from Nombre de Dios Meſtward: It is a very gad harbour 
and fufficient to receiue great fone of ſhips, and hath very good ankering and freth watt in 
necte the thoze pcu hall ind Come fire fathorhe water, and in the middeſ of the Came harbutr yu fourefquar 
thall finde welue Fathome,verp good and cleane ground oz land, without eythet banks op toches, ward; and 
There are twelue ſmall riuers oꝛ bꝛookes of water which doe belong tothis harbour, and (0 die wuntrepis 
meete all together: fo that the fleece map at all times pꝛoide themleſues of frech water fo urch And fo li 
as (hall ferue tbeir turneg. And like wiſe there is iu this place great Mone of timber to bund i bkopdinance 
Hhippes,ant ſtones to ballet hippes, Alſo the harbour bach no danger at all in comming tu, bur iP tuule it mul 
onelp when the wind is Aeſterſp, which is ſeldome ſeene vpon this coalt. Che windes which ipetha cree 
bor mot blowe vpon this coat are Noꝛtherly windes, and they are moze Dangerous and bury bullder in ct 
full thenthe Caterly windes are, Wrichinebis hat bour there lieth a ſmall creeke (ae from al along and a 
winds that can blow, This creek is about fiue hund ev paros long, and lo many in bpeadth, ano ia land of Buen 
the entring in ok this creekes meuth it is fome 300. pardes broad,and foure fathome aud a helle e betaken 
ol water: and entring farther in, fire kathome, all oaze and muddie ground: fo that tra Chip chou Goulo chant 
chance to ſtrike op come aground, thee could take no harme being foft oaze; allo it doth eite aud tie mutkerre 
flow accopning as J baue certified pour maieſtie already. eme vs kot 

And likewile the comming in and going out of this harbour is berp guod: and with all Rime counttep ist 
of weather a thippe map let laile from this place except with a Qeſterlp wind: and all this cos tuay bemade 
is verx cleane mberea Mippe at all times map come to anker without the berbours mouth, thap ber dont 
This hatbour is tnuuroned raund about with wood : end at the ende of this hardarr tterrn f dceallon tho 
rertaine land which is ouerflowen with water: it may bee ealilp Dyed vp and walle poe 

‘ 


954 The Englith Voyages, The ſlate of | the y oft Ind. tonne, The 


P ur See “SRT seer ee 
wapes which goe from Nombre de Dios to Venta de Cruzes, According as it is certify Fe barbou 
me by the Negios called Simc.ons; fo2 they told me that this wap would not bee verpttubs 1 vnladet 
ſome. Although inthe Mint er it is repozted that here is good fore of water in this place vic but im 
in the Domme it is all dped vp, and where theſe waters are, there we map builde a call > {pace fo 
to which purpole there are great quantities of tones and timbet veep Cerutceable : fo thy : > wm 
map bee made with that treaſure which pour maieſtie noch receiue of the auerages andy, fe the Xo 
tomes of Nombre de Dios and Panama, which doth amount vnto twelue oz fourcterne round a 
land pesos pocrely: and an onder might be taken toꝛ the Came, that the fapo money Map litu i) e muellie 
the bulloing and reparing of thele wayes. gte, and 

map lan 

The 

Panama. > the Pur 

from N 
Ps: isthe pzincipall citie of this Dtoces: it liech 18. leagues from Nombre de Dom mruok r 
the South len, and andeth in g. degrees. There are 3. Monalteries in this Caio city ok, . a bad pl 
the one is of Donunic ks, the other is of Auguſtines, and the third is of S. Franr is Frveessalfoihar peere th 


isa College of Jeſuits, and the ropall audience og chancery is kept in this citie, is the go 

This cicie is lituated hard by the ſea lide vn a ſandy bey: the one ſide or this citie is enuimg ol Capir 
muh che ſea. and on the other fine it is encloled with an arme ol the lea which runneth vy ints hy fouloters 
land 1000. pards. Domme 


Panama bed „. This eltie bach chree bunvzed and ülktie houles, all built of timber, and there are ſire bum Che 
710. hol. dwellers and eight bund ze ſouldiers wich the townefmen, and Laure hundred Negros of Gy. front No 
ney and ſome of them are kree men: and there is another towne which is called Santa (ink the citize 

8 Real of Negros Simerons, and moſt of them are imploped in pour matefties ſeruice, and they are fo from t 
mustorpe 100. in number, and this towne is a league krom this citie vpon a great rluers five, whith isa hoates a 
MSpanpards. league from che lea right ouer again the harbour of Pericos, But there is no trult un conf. fee Molt par 
dence in any ol tbeſe Negros, anv khertfode we mutt take heede and bewure or them fo ieyat Venta de 

our moztall enemies. lers voe! 

There are tiace lundy wayes to tome to this ciꝛie, belides the en, where the enemy my i theſe fea 

fault vs. Che one is at the brioge which is builnen vpon the riuer: and on the one five of this, march vi 

there lieth acrecke : ſo on this five the titie is very ſtrong, betauſe it is all Cofe muddie grund, quarters 

fo2 in no way they cannot goevponit, And right ouer againt it there lyeth a riuer Uhich is in Francis i 

manet like vnto aditchozmoate; atu on the other fine of the Miner there ſpeth a great Lake by texan 


q Pond which is full of water all the linter, and part of che Bommer, fo that cn his but onels 
oe is verp trong, for wich very ſmall toe of foulviers this place might bee hepe be⸗ saa 
tie well. 0 
The ben war The greateſt danger for the ſurpꝛiling of this eitie is the way that Doth come from Nombre it ander 
to tale Panama de Dios: fo all this wapis plapne ground and no woods : and 2000, pardes from this title their goo 
there lxeth a riuer called Lauanderas, where the women doe ble to wath their linen: and this wil be a 
riuer doch gar into the creeke , accopding as J baue certified pour maieftte s and being once rebels, w 
Pichisriver, there is acaufep which goceh directly vnto them. The other way which duch go fo bythis 
kwards the citie is lower dotone towards the lea at a ttone binge iping bpon the wap whechge andéake 
eth to the harbour of Perico, Thele two wapes cannot be kept noꝛ eefitten, becatele tt is al plane uerh pou 
ground aud mevowes, : Theley 
Upon the Ealt five ol this citie there are pour maieſties ropall houses biulded vpon a rocke home tn f 
toyning hard to the Sea five, and thep doe alwell leane cowards the lea as the land. The yr Way Cott 
auntence op chancerie is kept here in cheſe houſes, and likewiſe the prtton, And in this place febelaga 
all pour maieſties treaſure is kept. Chere dwelleth in theſe houles pour maieſties Treat, hauing th 
the Logo Pꝛelident, and 3. Audges, and matter Atturney. All ihele due dwell in hele houtes,and muiatie n 
the reſt of pout maicttics officers : which are fire boules belldes thole of the L oz 1arefivent, the apiece, wl 
which are all dwelling houſes, and all adioyning together one by another along vpon the rockes, te bath no 
And they are bulloev ail of timber and dcurves, as the other houles are. Oo where the puiton leagues t 
ſtandeth and the great hall, chelecwo places may bee verp well foztilicd, betauſe they (erue (0 
fitly far che purpote , by reafon they are builded towardes the fea, and that there Ipe ecttaine 
| {mall rocks, which at alowe water are all difcauer en aun mie, and lone ok them ate {rene te Me Spenwith 
a bof ett bigh water. Right ouer theſe houles to the Ealtwarves there lyeth an Iſland about fine buns 
dꝛed pardes from theſe houſes, and the Illand is in forme of a halfe moone; and in this onder the 
it runneth all alongt very necte the maine lands fo once againſt theſe boules there yp 15 enemy 
1 


arbour of 


sts + ' 


eee 
ding as it is crn 
uld not bee DETD troup 
vater in this place, unc 
de map bullde & cauf 
ttuiceable: ſo thty 

oe the auerages and gn 
lue o; fourcterne thy 
d monep map Lerue lj 


m Nombre de Dion 
n this ſaid city of fipits, 
*rancis frvexs:alloſſat 
5 citie, 

this citie is enuiroy 
ich runneth vy ints i 


o there are fire hun 
nde Negros ofGuy. 
6 called Santa Cali 
es ſeruice, ann they are 
riuers Ade, whihisg 
re is no truſt un wu 
re OF them lay they e 


here the enemy mil 
n the one five of this, 
l ſokt muddte grund, 
peth a riuer whichisin 
re lpeth a great Lake 
mmer, ſo that en this 
ice might bee lip Yee 


h tome from Nombre 
pardes from this title 
heir linnen: and this 
eRe s and being once 
er way which both go 
pon the wap niich 
became it is all plaine 


builded vpon a roche 
the land. The ropail 
n. And in this place 
poi 1 
ell in the : 
e Lorn yrefivent, the 
ong vpon the rorkes, 
So where the prilon 
betauſe they (erue fo 
hat there Ipe certains 
ok them are ſeene ats 
ſland about fine buns 
ne; and in this onder 
cuſes thert ſpeth the 
hasbous 


ww 


he flate of the Weft ind.townes. and Difcoueries. 


harbour where all the (hippes doe vſe to ride at an anker, after that they haue tilcharged and 
wnlaven their marchandtze. Foz when they haue their lading aboczd, there can come in none 
but mall Barkes, and at a lowe water the Mhippes are all aground and dale, and ſa is all the 
fpace ſome thirtie yardes from thole houles, Right ouer againt them ſtandeth the citte, 
hen ne weg were bꝛought to this citie of thoſe Pirates which were come vpon this coat, 
the Kop Pelldent and Judges commanded that there ſhould a {conce bee made, and trencheb 


— ee Ee 


, round about mode all of timber for the defence of this citie againt the enemie, and to keepe pour 


mueſties treaſuce. Mo pour officers cauſed Venta de Cruzesto be foztiſled, and likeunſe Cha- 


b gte, und Quebrada, and foptiften the garriſon of Ballano:fop all theſe are places where the enemy to Und. 
map land, and by this meanes ſpoyle all this countrey. 
2 


Chere are three lundpp places, where this citie may without difficulty be taken, and ſpoyled by 


4 the Pirates, The firkk is on the sopth ſeas in accrtatne place which Ipeth loureteene leagues 0 
from Nombre de Dios, the plate is called Acleto the Eaſtmards, where once before certainc Onenhem, 
meu ol warte haue ent red into thole feas, The other place is Nombre de Dios, although this is 2, Plate. 


f bad place and naughele wayes, and full of waters and a very dirtie way: for thace partes of the 
peere the countrey people doe trauell vpon thole waters, and an other very bande wap, which 
is the going vp of certaine rockes and mountaines which ihey mut climbe, called the mountaines 
of Capira which are or height three quarters of a league, ſo in this place with very (mall tore of 
ſouldters wee can defend our ſelues from the furp ol the enemie, fo theſe dwellers Doe fap that in 
Sommer the wayes are very good without either dirt op water, 
Theother entrance is vp the riuer ol Chagre, which riuers mouth lyeth eightcene leagues 3. Place. 
from Nombre de Dios tothe Aleſtwards falling into the Month lea, and this is the plate which 
the citizens of Panama doe moſt feare, fo they may come vp this riuer to Venta de Crues N 
ſo krom thence march to this citie, which is but fiue leagues olf. So vp this riuer there goe tage for tye 
boates and barkes which doe catty 320, Quintals walght. Cheſe are thep which carry the ©" 
mott part of the marchandize whlch Doe come from Spaine to be tranſpoꝛtep to Peru » and from 
Venta de Cruzes it is carried to Limaret which is thꝛee lesgues off that place, and the dwel⸗ 
lers voe report that it is a bery good way: and if any men of warre will attempt to come into 
theſe ſeas, they may very ealily come vp this riuer as farre as Venta de Cruzes, and from thente 
march vnto this citie, and ik the enemp will, they may bring their pinneſſes ready made in luce 
quarterg, and ſo taken in ſunder, may afterwards fet them togethe! againe: as it is reporten that 
Francis Drake paih vſed it once before when he teme that vopage; and ſo he may attempt vs both 
by fea and land. And ſoꝛaſmuch as the moft part oftheſe people are marchants, they will not fight, 
dut onelp keepe their owne perfons in laletie, and ſaue theit goods; as it bath bene ſeene hereto⸗ 
fore in other places of theſe Indies, 
Oo ikit will pleaſe pour matettp to cauſe thele houles o bee ftrongly foztilled, conſidering 
it Mandeth in a very good place ik any ludden alarms ſhould e happen, then the citizens with 
their goods map get themſelues to this place, and lo efcape the terrour of the enemy: and fo this 
will be a good lecuritie toꝛ all the trealure which doth come krom Peru. Do all the Pirats and 
rebels, which haue robber in thele parts, haue gone about what they tan to Coy pe this pallage, and 
fo by this meanes to ſoppe the trade of Spaine, and to ſet fowloiersin this place, fo2 to intercept 
andtake pour maieſties tteaſure, whereby none might be caried into S paine. Chereforeit behoo⸗ 
uerh pour mateſtie to foptifie thele places very llrongly. 
CTheſe places being foreifien in this maner pour maieſty thal haue al pour gold and filuer bzought 
home in lafetie which commeth krom Peru. And all thofe commodities which are laden in Spaine 
map come Cafeto this place. And if perchance anp rebels thoulo riſe in thele parts, which would piel be 
tebelagamnt pour matettp,which God fo bid, g if they ſhould chaceto iopn with any of theſe pirats, inches. 
hang this place fo wel foptifien, Puerto Bello in p Noꝛth parte x fo toſend ſome garrifon pour 
maietie needs not to fearesfop here in this harboꝛ are al wayes 10 02 12 barks of 6002 5otunnes 
apiece, which do belong to this harboz. Do if any ofthele places ſhalbe intercepted, tbẽ pour maiel⸗ 
ti bath no other place fitter then this to land pour maieſties ſouldiers , for then they haue but 18. 
leagues to march by land, x prefently they may be ſhipped to ſupply thele places which tal ſtand 
tno need ok them. In al the coatt ol Peru there is no harbour that har np ſhpping but onely 
this plate, and the citie of Lima, where there are fame ſhiys and harks. Che harbour being thus 
open without any defence. a man of war may very eaſilg come to thus plate, as & haue certifies pour 
thateftic,thorow the ſtreits of ee arriue at that inſtant, when thole barks do come from 
Peru with pout mateſties gold ¢ fil 
the enemp may come and cake al their tveature,enot Yeete one man,becaufe here is uot one manta d 1150 dime, 
reliſt 


uer, fo ſometimes they bring 5 02 6 millions in thoſe barks; ſo 5.01 C. millions 4 i 


FRG ee ERE ree w.. 
336 The Englith Voyages, Theſtate of the Weft Ind.townes, 


reſiſt him,cherefore this place being thus fortifien, the treaſure may be kept in the fort, Thereis 


a trench made round about pour matetties houles which are builder of timber:the Pꝛeliden n 


Judges did taule it to be made. fz that here was newes brought that there were certaine meno 
warte, c pirats chiming for theſe parts. Do this trench is thus maintained vntil ſuch time as yu 
maiellies pleaſure is to the tontrury . in fuch wiſe that pour louldiers map fight lping bebindth 
trench; ſo there is oder given to build a platfoꝛme vpon the plaine ground, and foto plant fu 
oꝛdinance in thoſe places, as (hall be thought moſt conuentent. 

Fic wil pleaſe your maieſtie, here we map make a ſconce oz fore toward the land five, x fa tree 
tt round about and build it with ſtone, vecauſe here is a plate and al things readie for the Came me, 
pole; anv by this meanes the citic would be fecurely kept: as fo2 the ſea there is no danger at 
reaſon that the water doth ebbe g flow twiſe a day, and then when it is tbing water it wil beal 
dꝛya muddy ground E rocks, fo that in no wile at a lom water the enemp can wade ouer ih nm 

Che harbour do rome to thea city, and it reacheth from the Illand til you come to the baidge callev Paita, Cu 
of Perito, leagues from this city there lieth a harboꝛ called Perico Downe to the Mel ward: this isa 
ſure harbour. by realon ok 3. Illands which do iopne in maner of a halke moone, thep lie hilieg 
league from the mine, tbe Jllands do encloſe the harboꝛ round about, the harbour is avery hj 
land, q the Glands are but reaſonable high, there is good foe ol frech water: allo there hath neue 
any ſhip bene cat awap in this harbour oz there is 7. fathome water at ful ſea, and 3 02 4 fatten 
at lower water and very good ground foz their ankering, and when they will trimme their thps 
they map bale thenrathore, All thole hips and barks which come from Peru with gold, flue 
oz any other kind of commontties vo fir come to an anker in this harbour, and if they haue arn 
trarp weather they cannot come into che barbour of Panama ; and foʒ fo much as the barbourhit 
no vefence for the ſalegard of the (hips, if a man of warre ſhould chance to come into the batbon, 
all the barks with the treaſure may be very eaſily taken. And likewile thele barks ¢ chips which 
do nauigate in the South (eas carrie not fo much as one piece of oꝛdinance o2 a rapier to deln 
them withall. From this place to Venta de Crues is not palluig 3 leagues ; ſo that ifanppine 
neſſe ſhould happen ta arriue thert, no doubt but thep might robbe and take al pour treaſun which 
is in thole barks, by reafon that from the (hore they cannot be relcued nop bolpen, becauſe it iam 
Alland and refuge fop all ſhips and backs. Ik it would pleaſe pour maie fie here might (ome int 
oz defence bee made in the middlemoſt Band, and Lome ordinance planted , and this might 
bee made with little charges, becaule in the laid Illand there are all kinde of necellarierſt fog 
pad purpote » fo bp this meanes pour maieſtie map haue both the harbour ann the ti ber 

ell kept. a 

An way Aud linewile there ig another entring into the South ſea which is called ehe river of Fran 

into the loutp⸗ ciſe a which lieth on this lide ol the Cabe a de Catiua, and this riuer doth come into mother ri 
uer which is called Catacol and is fiue leagues ftom this citie; and once before theſe Simerons 
bꝛougbt into this place certaine Frenchmen, 


The riuer of (hagre. 


be riuer of Chagre lieth in 9. degrees and one tierte. The mouth ok this riuer is in te 

we 1 Ronch (eas 18. leagues from Nombre de Dios, and 13. leagues from Puerto Bello: thert 
ages ae is taryev vp this riuer certaine quantitie of thole merchandise which are vnladen at Nombre de 
bere goed Dios which come from Spaine. From che mouth of this riuer to Venta de Cruzes are cighteme 
Sainpion lea pues. From this place where che barkes vnlade their commodities, they are carticn yon 


sounttep. mules to Panama, which is but fiue leagues off from tbis place. Hees 

This riuer hath great Tope of water in the Minter. And the barkes which belong to this rt: 
uer are commonly of 3 20. Quintals that is of 16. tunnes in burthen: but in the Sumner there is 
but (mall fore of water: ſo then the barkes haue much to doe to get vp this river: and in many 
places theſe barks are conſtrained to vnlade their commodities ; and are dꝛamen by mens firength 
and force a good way vp the riuer, aus therefope if it would pleaſe pour maieſtie to command 
that all tboſe goods map bee firſt vnladen in Puerto Bello, and there to build a litle callle in the 
mouth ok the laid riuer, and at the koote of the cattle to build a flozehouſe to vnlade and keepe all 


che lapd goons ann tere to hnild order barks of lelle burthen : hen hebe would ſerue lo: ens 


iner, and the great barks forthe Winter, N 
kit would pleale pour maiettle, tbere might a very good high way be made on the ont lde of 
the riuer, and lo they might bee towed, ko it may bee made and not with much cot betauſe it is 
all plaine ground, and there i growing vpon the Capo riuer great ſtoge of timber and trees 15 


whom the Eng 
farre that he en 
taine of che S 
that had patter 
farewell. The 
ta their thippe, 
honeſt and frie 
dagger ſtabde 
ſerued wich cht 
red trappes ol 
ting his courte 
wines yon, N 
arriuall of the: 
Pot. Thus m 
age, extracted 


Aleter 
John de 


j 

nd.townes, 
— —— 
pe fort, There n 


be Pꝛeſident u 


e tertaine mani 
ſuch time as pon 
t lying be bindtſe 
o foto plant ſuh 


nD five, x fo tren 
e for the lame pn 
no danger at ay 
water it wil bea 
hade ouer thenny 
led Paita, Cry 
rd: this 18 b 
„, thep lie hiltey 
our is a verp hn 
othere hath new, 
ND 3.02 4 fathome 
imme their iy 
wich gold, flue 
il they haue aun 
sthe harbour bay 
into the bariow, 
ths ¢ Chips which 
kopier to defend 
fo that ifanp pine 
ur Creafure which 
n, becauſe it isn 


pe viuer of k. 
ie into another ris 
e theſe Seton 


is river is in the 
erto Bello: then 
nat Nombre de 
zes are eighteens 
are catried bpon 


belong to this ts 
Dummer there is 
er: and in many 
by mens firength 
{tie to command 
litle calle in the 
de and kerpe all 


ferme loꝛ Sem 


the one lde of 
toſt becauſe it is 
and trees which 


William: Michelfon.T raffiques and Difcoueri¢s, 


Nn . —— 
doe lie buerthwoart the lain Rtuer; fo that they are very cumberſome and great annoiance nite the 
fain boates, a well thoſe that go vp the fan Niuer, as alfo that vor come downe the laid Riuer. 
Aud thertoꝛe tf it might pleaſe pour maieſtie to command, that buerto belo might be inhabited, 
nuthe towuemade nerrer the Riuers ſide, euery thing would be a great peale better cheape, tf the 
commodities were catped by the Niuer: for it is a great danger to carp them vy by land, for it is 
daily feene that the mules du manp times fall aud bꝛeake their neckes with their lading vpon their 


backt, as well the treaſure as other kinde of commodities becauſe it is luch a bad way. And pour 


maieltie might be at this charges and {pend of pour reuenewes ol Nombre de dios and Panama, 
which vo perely petty 12 021.4 thoufand pezos,¢ this being once vone it would be a great ayd and 
benefit to thoſe, which doe traue and trafficke, and to thole merchantes which doe fend their goods 
duer. land, and eaſe them much of paine and purſe, becauſe the other is a mot filehp way, as any is 
in the woꝛld. 

A briefe remembrance of a voyage made in the yeere 1589 by 
William Aiclelſes Captaine, and William Mace of Ratcliffe, Maſter ofa ſnip 
called the Dogge,to the Bay of Mexicoin the Weft India. 

>. ie atopelaive ſhip called the Dogge, of the burthen of thyeeftore and ten tunes 
was ſurniched, aud armed forth with the number ol loztie men: it departed from 
the coaſt ol England in the moneth of May, directly for the Welt India: It fell 
vich the Bay of Mexico, and there met wich diuerg Spaniſh Chips at ſundꝛy 
times whereof thꝛee fel into her laple aud were forced to yeeld vnto the mercie of 
the Eugliſh: the laſt that they met within the Bay was a Spanish man of warre, 
thom the Engliſh chaled, and after three feuerall fightes, vpon thꝛee divers dayes, pꝛeſled him ſo 
farre that he entreaten a parle, by putting out a flagge of truce: the parle was granted, and cer 
taine of the Spaniards came abooꝛd the Engliſh. CAhere after conkerence about thofe matters 
that had palſed in the fight betwirt chem, they receiued realonable intertainement and a quiet 
ferewell. The Spanith, as ik they had ment to requite che Engliſh courtelie, inuited our men Syanity 
to their thippe, who perlwading tbemſelues of good meaning in the Sopamith, went aboord: but talon. 
honeſt and frienolp dealing was not their purpole, ſuddenly they aſlaulted our men, and one with a 
dagger ſtabde Roger Kingſnod the Eng m Pilote to che heart and ſlewe him, aud others were 
Cerued with the like ſauce, onely William e the Patter ¢ others notwichttanding al the pꝛeya⸗ 
red trappes ot the enemie lent duerboond into the lea. and ſo came lale to their own ſhip: and direc⸗ 
ting his courte fo, England, arriurd at Plimouth the tenth day of September 1589, laden with 
wines yon Roang which is a kinde of linnen cloth, and other rich commodities, looking for the 
arriuall of the reſt o his conſoꝛts, whereof one and the pꝛincipall hath not long fince obtained his 
Poꝛt. Thus much in generall termes onelp J haue as pet learned, md receiued touching this bop: 
age, extr atted out of letters {ent from the afozefaid William Mace, to Maſter Edward Wilkin- 
fon of Towte· hill in London. My principal intention by this erample is to admonich our nati⸗ 


| omofctreumtpection indezimg wich chattubtillenemie, and neuer toteutt he Sopantth further, 


then that their otone ftrength thall be able to matter them: for ocherwile wholoeuer ſhall 
ſimplicitie truſt their curtefte, Mall by tryall :aſte of their affuven crueleie, j 17707 


CERTAINE SPANISH LETTERS INTER. 


cepted by ſhippes of the Worthipfull Maſter bn Natter 
written from diuerſe places ofthe Iflandes and of the maine land 
as well of Nwewa E/panna, as of Tierra Firma and Pera, containing 
many fecrets touching the aforefaid Countreys, and the ftate | 
_ _  Ofthe South Sea, and the Trade to the Phiiippinar, 

Aleter fent from Haus in (uba ftom the general of the fleete 
John de om to the king of Spsine thex8:0f October 159, touching the 
building ofcertaine excellent Rrigats,&ce) ; 19 toss 

T may pleaſe pour maiemie chat at the patehereofone of che Frigates was lan: 

p chen: and theemore will be ready. agatnit the fleete depart from hence. Chep 

Nay ate herp bigge and excellent of ſayle, which will carie x 50 mena piece with foul: 

dierg and marinerg. And hauing good opdinance, there are fetwe op none of our e⸗ 

A nemies chat can offend vs. . leaue anv take at all times when 

N Aa we 


558 TheEnglifh Voyages,&c.Spaniards letters intercepted Spaniard: 
aa una a RT aa SI ˙ ꝗꝙöm ren m1: 8 —— 
we liſt. But it behooueth pour maieſtie to fend both louldierg aud mariners to man the Frigat A letter 
For we haue great want of ſouldiers and marincrs, with tackling anker s, pewder, (ot, taluag, 
and all kinde of furniture for them. Foz theſe things are not here to bee had foz money: AND lke. 
wife to ſend ſome great oꝛdiuance fo, the Zabras, Sor the merchants (hips are foweake and fg 
vnpꝛouided, that they haue almoſt none to vefend themlelueg. Allo we ſhall be conſirained to gu 
the carena againe vnto al the thips; fop chey are very weake by reaſon ol the long voyage: MD the 
mariners and ſouldiers ave wearte with their long trauelling and keeping of them here. They 
it would pleaſe pour maicttie to command with all expedition that thefe louldiers and matings 
with al kinde ok other furniture might be ſent vs, chen the fleete may let forward and ſo proccere » 
then vopage. God pꝛelerue pour Catholike royal maieſtie. Frõ Hauana the of 20 October! $90 


DANN — 


Your maleſties ſeruant, whofe royall feet kif, 3 luan Baptiſta A 


IonN DE ORIM o General of your Flect, round about and 

n do build aſtrong 

A Letter ſent from the Gouernour of Hauana John de I. good fieuation 

xeda tothe King of Spaine, the twentieth of October 1590, touching dhe warbour l 

the wants of that place. JZcooperſons, u 

, face the Slectesania Re etat Cue 

here, J haue giuen pour maieſtie at large to vnderſtand, what bath Happen a naiettichath fen 

as much as J can, and what thing is here to be done in this titie, and what 1 5 hath her 

maieſtie mutt pꝛouide. And now once againe J will returne to put pour mall af men ¢ that they 

in minde thereok. J beleech pour maieftie to command to be prowiden anke 5 pe ie 1750 

he newe tos - M ent hither two hundzed Negros, if pou will haue this fortification tp {joe > chatitnoceh ave 

tifcation in koꝛwardes: betauſe pour maieſtie is here at great charges with the matter workeman any i begun chedef 
3 Officers, And fo want ol Pioners che woſke goeth not fopwardes, Foz as the worke goeth 17% 


dayly forward and intrenſeth farther and farther, fo we want men ta wopke, and to garde ih and b ib. shew 
likewile to keep it. Te dare not meddle with thole of the Galies. Aud tikcwwtfe it map pleateyour 105 ncipal th 
maieſtie to fend new wopking tooles ol pon, accoding to a remembzance which J haut nt ee ful ails Go 
pour maieſtie ok late, which doech fignifie our wants more at large. i be bullded trian 
Likewile it is neenefull that pour maieltie ſhould fend powder and match to furniſh thele tons, pieces or good 5 
Sener un And likerwife to fend money to pay thoſe fouldiers which are newly tome hither, x for thatcompes . ko ſend hd J 
taHauera, ie ol fouldicrs which were ſent from Mexico to this place. Foz it behooueth pour maichrnot o dae of copper, w 
PAN May haue them as pet left, till {uch time as the defences about the forts bee fnithen, and that whichig dinance 1 te 
: in building vpon the hill, which will be ended very ſhoꝛtly if pou lend the Negros, and pron tools, amd powder and 
Ade #rigate Likewiſe J haue certiſted pour maieſtie, that with all ſperd J am making ready of the fine Fri: hath lent the wh 
ne, „ gates, that they map carp all che creature, Allo lon de Orimo feeing that it is ot ſo great ima corps de Guard 
3 oe tance to haue them diſpatched, doeth furnith mee with ſome money, although fomewhat feantlp, > land, and finde ve 
este, vntill fuch time as pour matettic doch fend him fome oper therefore, J beleech you io oma be theftrongtte 
itto ber done canlidering the great charges and expences that we are at here, as bpdencoms I m ſeturity. Foxe 
pour Paieſtie ſhall moꝛe at large perceiue, what hath bent pent, Theſe Frigats wil bemarean Godktep pour h 

end of without all doubt by the monech of Febzuarie: but as pet their tackling and faples arenet i 
here arriued: but J doe fap the comming thereof euery day, according as the Duke of Medina "Vie as 
and lohn de Ibarra haue written vuto me, that chofe Hips which ſhould bring the fametwerere Ae A letter to 
die to dexart from thence, All chefe things it behoaueth your Maieſtie to {ind in time: fn Jam in Spanne 
Cheercellencp allie pots Maieſtie that pou thall not haue vpon the fea fuch good thippes as thele are, Fat fed 15 deh 
Tignes touching the othte {hips of the lierte, which are in this halbonr, it is not conuenicnt to venture a 


a 


ut in cba. the ſiluer in them. This counfell pour Maiellie thallnot take of mee, for J am a feuldier ano N N Dis 
haue but final hil in nauigation. But euery dap it is totve me opentp and ni lecret bp many of Dae tent 

che pilots, captaines, matters, anpmariners, yay “all 

copper mm As touching the copper, J haue put it in pꝛactiſe twiſe more , and haue made proofe thereof’ 5 pozti 


| eck. wherein chere hatz bene more ſpent, chen N was willing there ſyould haue bene, beeaule Thue | mem herp 
ce. goutten no fouit yrveof: 3} knotw not the caufe ,but that is not done effectually by toe tht en 10 
baue the working thereof, Therefore J beleech pour Palette to ſend me that fame under Fe out Arosa i 

‘wbich A witer pour ume ede of, Due Loyd ecpe pour Magie mary kent, f dane 

From Hauana che 20 0f October, 15 90, an e 

ö f ; Your Maleſties ſeruant, xhoſe royall fete I liſe, I rler openetl bro. 


Ioun dt TRE XEDA gouernour of Fl lande, whereupo 
3 A letter hh 


— 
tercepieſ 


ERV 
nan the Frigag, 
tr, Hot, cals 
nonep: and iy. 
ſo weake ani 
nſlrained to gun 
vopage: andch 
mhere. Thus 
rs and mariners 
nd ſo proceede 
October 1390 


oyall feet! kite 
1 of your Fleet, 


lohn de Ty. 


o, touching 


Fleeteg arri 
ic bath happen 
e, and what yu 
ut pour malle 
LOWED and to be 
tification to gie 
Dake man and ihe 
the worke goedh 
d to garde it and 
may pleate pour 
b FT have {ent to 


nich theletous, 
ce fon thatcompa: 
ur Maleticnot to 
ND that which ig 
and pron tools, 
Dp of the fine Fins 
Efo great impor: 
metuhat (tantly, 
POL to command 
s Hy the accounts 
will bemade an 
ud faples ave not 
Duke of Medina 
e ſame were rea: 
time: fo J can 
hele are. Fo as 
mient to venture 
1 a ſeuldier, ud 
cet by many of 


proofe thereof: 
becaule J haue 
ly by thoſe that 
at fame ſounder 
ie many pecres, 


yall feete 1 kifle, 
jour of Hanana, 


A letter 


good ſituation, and in a conu:nient place on abigh mount which doeth lye vpon the entering in ok 
dhe harbour, ¢ fo cutteth ouer to a point ol land leeuing in the Fozt as much ſpace as wil containe 
J coo perſons, without ioyning thereunto any part ok the coalt. So the . del campo hath named 
he fore Citadella. he left me great ſtoʒe of vꝛon wolke, tooles eight woꝛkemen, aud 200 Negros, u rong fort. 
which are thekings. And the Illand doth finde 400 pioners which are continuallyat worke, Dis mel dundee 


bethe ſtrongeſt that his maieſtie bath in all che Indies. And now the people okthe countrey fi Aland 
un ſecuritp. F oycommonty before, the Englichmen wauld come and beard vs to the hauens mouth. Ehe boldnes 


meme i 0a, . —— ot oh ata . 


Spaniards letters intercepted. T raffiques and Difcoueries. 
A letter ſent to Don Petro de Xibar one of his Maiefties priuie 
Counfel of the Weft Indies, from Don Diego Mendez de Valdes Gouernour 
of S,/uan de Puerto Rico the 20 of Nouember 1590, touching the {tate of that Citie 
and Iſland. 
SIA) Recicued pour honours letterthe 20 of Febzuarie, whereby J receiuen great 
content, to heare chat your honour is in good health. As touching the imppi- „ de Val a 
ſonment or our coufin Don Pedro de Valdes, it doeth grieue me to the ve⸗ ie 
ry ſoule. J beſeech God to ſend him his libertte: and likewile the impzilon⸗ Enstand, 
men- Nego Flores de Valdes grieueth me very much: J map God to lend 
b © Got. ice. The cd. ok the fielde luan de Texela, and the M. workeman . 
JuanBaptifta Antonia. riued bere in laletie, and haue veiwed this Citic with all the circutte Wen 
round about and the fituation as J haue informed his maieſtie thereof. They haue marked a place generau Inge · 


to build altrong Hozt. whereat the countrep remaineth very well contente. And it ttandeth in a Wel nate 


359 


42 


in S. Iuan de 


> maieftie hath ſent me a warrant to ſpend the pꝛouiſion of the Illand e to take thole rents which his puerto Rico, 
> mnatelty hath here, to certiſie his maieltie what there is wanting for the maintaining of the wok... 
men ¢ that chey may haue all things necellary. So I haue ſent to Nueua Efpanna; fc; ſuch things 

az are here wanting. J haue wzittẽ to the . ol che field, which is gone to Hauana, infoꝛming him 

that itdoeth greatly impoꝛt that the woꝛke with all expedition ſhould go forward, feether that it is 


begunkoꝛ the defence of the Illand. And we doe defend it as well as we can from the enemie, in re⸗ 


ſpyect of the great danger which otherwiſe might happen, il the enemie ſhould come and linde it be⸗ 


gun, and not ended. And likewile that his maieſtie would fend me that which J do requeſt⸗ And the 


moſt principal thing ok al is, to fend moꝛe Negros. And fending me all theſe things which be need⸗ . 
Tul, J truſt in God A thal in ſhoꝛt time build vp tye fore, to vefend vs from the enemie. The fore muſt Stis. for 
be bullded triangle wile : for it will reach into the bay: and we thal be able to plant in the fame 40 the Earle of 


pieces of good oddinanre, Canon Demi canon, and Coluerine. The M. ol the field, hath pꝛomiled 711 5 land, 
to ſend me fomefront Hauana, sop that he is determined to caſt ſome there, by reaton of the great 


ioꝛe of copper, which now o late is found in Hauana: for here we haue as yet but mall ſtoze of oz⸗ Sedan 


dinance to defend vs. Jlooke for 5 Canons which his maieſtie ſhould fend from Spaine, with (hot Hauane, 


mn powder and al kinde of weapons becauſe that here is great want in the Illand. His maiettie 700 laudtere 


. a cb fent to S, 144 
bath {ent the whole number of 2 oo ſouldiers, and in the companie there came two capitaines. The de Puerto Rico. 


corps de Guard is kept in the market place: and twiſe in amoneth J mutter all the men in the J. 


land and finde very ucere 1500 fighting men, and Sobopfemen. The forte when it is ended Will mee e, 


de puerto Rico 


God keep your honour, and lend you long health. From Puerto Rico the 20 of auember 1 5901 ef the Engultz 
The Gouernour DIEGO MENDEZ pe VALDES, ~ 


| A letter to John Lopez ¶ anauate, Alderman in the towne of Cananate 


in Spaine written from his ſeruant Juan de Porua Canauates, from Hauans the 
ſeuenteenth of October 1590, touching the ſtate ofthe faid place. 


bis is to giue you to vnderſtand, that fince my departure from Sp, Lucar J haue wrt 
a7 Ve ten vnto pou twile of mine arriuall here, and what luccelle J haue had. And nowe vou 
ball onverttann chat J am determined to goe fox Nueua Eſpanna. £0) I ftap but op⸗ 
A portunitic of time. Fon here is great watch dayly kept and great looking te the foul Ce ontdiers 


dier in herying of them together ko running away. But neuerchelelle J hope in God, to finde Awa 


fome friend to conucy mee away kram hente. This countrey is fo clef and narrow, that ika mau 
fteale not away hidden in ſome thippe, it is not pollible foz him to elcape, nop to goe a league out 


mutokthe towne, no way but by ſea. And becaule the harbour is lo clole, it is the beſt harbour and 


the ſureſt in the woꝛld. The harbour is made in this oper. The entrie in towarde che land is 
bp anarrow ſtreight chanel, which continueth as long as acaliuer ſhot, and from that place the 
rluer oyeneth bꝛoader and broader: There are in the entring in, two points which make with the 
lande, whereupon are newly builder two ſteong forts, which are fortificn with very great ſtoꝛe of 

5 444 2 ordinances 


560 The Engliſn Voyages,&c.Spaniards letters intercepted, 


See —j—ðiviiũ Spanta 

ozdinance: beſides another ſtrong and famous Fozte which is in the Citie, ſo hat it is impoſe 24 

to tale it. Chere are in theſe three Koztes a thouland ſouldters in Gariſon. And tikewiety, AL 
Sheboidues are two galies to keepe the coalt. Pet for all this, the audacious Englichmen being withou yg ic 
ofthe Engi ſy ame arenotafcaid to come and dare be at our owne poojes. Dur tourney to goe for Fg fe” ae 

is moſt certaine in the peere 1592. Here are making with great expedition 18 ſbips, which : ö e 
Whivebuile called Frigats fo that effect. They are very ſtrong thippes, and will awe but very utle vun, 
pain agld, whereby they may enter amongt the ſpoulds vn the banckes of Flanders: they are builder 6 2 

higher becaule here is great tore of timber and excellent good and incozruptible. It is roa Te” 

that the fleete will Depart from hence in Febzunry, by realon that at that time the Englithmey n 40 

not dqparted out of their oon countrey. And thus J reft, From this Jlland of S.Chriftorhay Me” 

Hauana this prelent day on Sd. Lukes cuen the 17 of October 1590. Che caule 


Your Worſhips ſeruant, o, DE PoRVA CAN e 

5 ö 5 rep : ie herefoze 

A letter from Mexico, of Sebaftian Biſcaino to his Father Au Arm his 
Biſcaino in corehio in Spaine, touching the great profit of the trade tog, ſa ther ar 
vai and ſome what of M. Thomas Candiſb. Wruten the 20 of Tune 1390. i guſt laſt 1 


ef des 
Hauing written to pour wopthip by a friend of mine at large, nowe 2 wil 705 for / 
ſomewhat thot. And this is onely to giue pou to understand, that fog 7000 At. 
@, Months pat, N came from China, andlandedin Acapulco, 7oleaguesim Fe) in the Flee 
F Mexico, which is the harbour where the thips that goe downe to Chinn; for the Rin 
aud all the marchants of Mexico hing all their Spanich commodities ning t es doe fen 
to this harbour, to ſhip them fop that countrep. It is one ok the belt hamm Te Uice · roy a 
all Nucua Efpanna; aud where the thips may ride mot ſafely without all kinde of danger, fot maint enan 
Ipeth onder a necke ol land, and behind a great point. And in this harbour bere are foure gun x God fend i 
thips of Mexico ot 600 and 8 oo tunes apiece, which onelp ſerue to carp our comoving tp Me hides, and g 
Ft} Acspulco China, aud ſo to returne backe againe. The onder is thus. From hence to China is adam typ very richly 
2000 ltaguag, thouſeumd leagues, farther then from hence tu Spaine, Aud from hence their two fil dips pn ney to wort 
at one time to Chins: and are 13 02 14 moneths returning backe againe. And Wwhentbole bo man vpony 
hips are returned, then the other twaine two monechs after depart ktm hence, Thepgoemme . coint: aud! 
from hence very trong with fouldiers. J can certifie pou of one thing; That 200 dun in From Mex 
Kumig : Spaniſh commodities, and ſome Flemith wares which J carpen with me chither, J marwoth f 
S 2°" 14400 biürates there in the counttey. Bo J make account that wilh thole Ulkes, andoteccm Mee 
A wondertun modities which J bꝛought with me fron thente to Mexico, J got 2500 dutateg by the bone: A let 
and had gotten mode, if one pache of ‘me filkes had not bene {poilen with fale water, So Me king 
fayd, there is great gaine to be gotten it chat a man returne infatetic, But che pecre 1556 Jad 2010 
Thomas Irkat milchance, connning in aſbip from China to NueuaEfpanna : which being lum with fe 
Gouin, fich commoniies, was tahenby an Engüihmem which robbed bs and afterward hnmenh . . See 
wherein J lott a great deale of treaſure anv commodities, 
SEF chould white to pou of the tare of this countrey of China, and of the ſtrange things which 
are there, and of the wealth of the countrey, J were not able to doe it, in an whole quiet of paper, 
Onelp Imap certifte pou, that it is the goodlieſt countrey, and the richeſt, and moſt plentifullm al 7 IN 
Femmes the wolld. sor here are great ſtoze of golde mpnes, fuer mynes and prarle, great fore of coin 5 
aud Pearies, cloth: fop the coustrep people weareth nothing elle but fine cotten cloch, which is more arcipted metheir p 
i nen then lilbeg. Foz here is great ope of likes, they are good cheape. Al kinde of victuals as he, beduttkullt 
erbgreacie flelh wines and hennes and all kindeg offouleg,are verp plentifull, Here are great tore offi gilt which! 
n. rivers. The people are very louing. Pere are verp faire cities and townes with cottly bung, . Land times. 
better then thoſe in Spaine. And the countrep people gover: richly apparelled boch in im e our maieſt 
gold. Gut here we haue oꝛder from the king of Spaine, that a Dpaniard may not dwell m China, He 1 ara 
aboue 3 peres,and afterwards they mutt returne again into Nucu Eſpanna, and other foulvins Hie ap kene n 
muſt come in their places. The countrey is very bnwhalelome for vs Sopantarnes, Tn huhn MMe 1 15 
Ker abene tbeſe 20 peres of 14000, which haue gone to the Philippinas, there are 1 ooo of them dem, a an 0 ald lo 
Spauarbs m not patt 1000 of them left aline, There is a place in China which ls an harbour, calle Mico · * aur and 
the Philippine. ran, which the king bath giurn to the Spaniards freely: which chall be the place wwherethe hips Re hog 11670 
thall come and trafficke. Fo; in this harbour there is a great riuer which goeth vp into che mam Ae sien he coc 
land vnto diuers townes and cities, which art neere to this riuer. And thus troubling vounoin / yb 5 
ther ret. From Mexico the 20 cf une 1590, ' 11 2 
Four obedient ſonne, 8 ATT IA Biscainn fe | 15 th 45 
A letie Don Garcia 


he 
Darbortr whe 
She ih tys lie 
that goe fos 
China, 


1 
‘intercepted, 


e 
o chat it is impor, 
1 And likt wile bere 
en being without a 
to goe for Engin 
18 fhips, which zy 
but very litle vun, 
bey are builoer yy 
tible. It is renn 


the Engliſpmum 


. Chriſtophet 


VA CAx AVA 


Father um 
the trade toi 
1590, 

ge, Nolve J Wilby 
ertand , chat fo 
co, 70 leagues fim 
Downe to C hina; 
commodities dab 
che beſt harbours in 
de of danger. Frit 
bere are foure gun 
OUT Commodity ty 
19 1 7 is abour tuo 
two fir hips 

And 4 4 ů— 
ce. Theygoe noe 
hat 200 ducates in 
ither, Imad worth 
ais, and other coms 
Cates by the voyage: 
ſalt water, Sosy 
e peere 1588 Flay 
ich being laden with 
var burned out (hip, 


krange things which 
whole gurt ofpaper, 
D moſt plentifull mal 
„great floe of coxtin 
ich is mope acceptra 
of victuals as bea, 
e great dme of ftth 
vith coltly buildings, 
led, boch in fitkesanp 
) not dwell in China, 
» and other louie 
Uardeg. Fon within 
o Of them dead. aud 
bour, called Maca- 
place where the thips 


eth vp into the mane Te 


voubling pouno fay 


"IAN BISCAINO @ 


A letiet 


Spaniards letters intercepted. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


561 


oom SS cen a aerate . ͤ—ͤ—mä— i — 
A Letter of Bartholomew (ano to Peter de Tapia in Siuill, from Me- 


xico the 30 of May 1590, touching the ſtate of Vue Eſpavna, and the 
Fleet ofthat yeete. 


LEK D Etauſe J haue anſwered pour letters v hich J haue receiued in the lat Fleet, as 
touching chat matter J haue no moe to ſay. The occal on of my Writing onto you 
d at this time, is to giue you to vnderſtand hat thole commodities which came in the 

2 PD lalt Fleet, were lold at the fut good cheape, and thole that bought chem, got muth 

* v by them. Foz now at this inſtant white Roan cloth is lolde {02 8 oꝛꝙ realga vare. 

Che caute ot this was, by reafon there tame a caraucle’ A duife from Hauana; which brought vs 
ne wes , he w the armit that his male lie did ſend ſoꝛ En gland, was all ſpoiled and caſt away: and 
therefore they of Spaine did waite that there would ceme no Fleet from Spaine hither this yecre: 
And this is the caule hat all innen cloth is very decre in thefe parts. TUines alfo are very beere: 
for they are lold fo. ꝙo ind 100 deminas à pipt. IAhen the Frigats Departed from hence in Au⸗ 
guitlat 587. Cechinilla was lold at that luſtant fo; vo peſes the quintall; and now it is lol fop 

35 pel des. And ſince that nt wes came from Spaine in a carauel of S. Lucar, ihat it was ſolde 

there for 72 dutates the quintall, there are laden inthis Fleet 14000 Arouas ol Cochinilla, and 

7000 Arouas moze were laden in ihe Frigats which departed before the Fleet. There is laden 

in the Fleet great quantitic of treafure, more then hach bene ſent to Spaine theſe many peres, both 

fop the Rings and the Uice. royes account, And the marchants and gentlemen of all thefe pꝛouin⸗ 
ces doe fend gr. at quantitie to lupply the Kings wants: for that his maieſtie hath witten to the 

Aice · roy and to the gentlemen of thefe countreyes to ayde him with much money towardes the 

maint enance ok his warres againſt France and other places x therefore they haue ſent good ſtoze: 


God lend it well to Spaine. There are liktwiſe laden abood the Fleet to the number ol 1000 * 
bides, and great ſtoꝛe of other kindes of this countrey commodities. Do that the the Fleet goeth 


very richly laden. Quicke filuer is here very deere, for here is almoſt none to bee had fo2 any mo⸗ 
ney to woꝛke in the gold myncs: fer without Quicke ſiluer wee cannot refine our gold. And no 
man vpon paine of death may bring any from Spaine hither; but all mutt come for the Rings ace 
count: and lo the Ring doeth fell it here: there is crceeding great gaine therein. And thus Jreſt: 
From Mexico, the 30 of May 1590. 


BARTHOLOUEWNY CAN o. 


A letter of Frier. Alonſo new elected Bifhop of Mechuacan, to the 


king of Spaine, written in peru in the citie de los Reyes the firſt of March 1590, 
touching the ſtate of eArica a chiefe Hauen in Peru. 


Pon Chziſtmas euen the pere 1589, Jreceiucd pour maieſties commillion in 
9 Potoſſi. Iq which Jam and ſhall be continually bound to pray for pour mates 
A ties long health, for the great benefits which pour maieſtie hath beſtowed vpon 

me, in tending me to Mechuacan: whereby my great trauell and paines may 
berecompencen, which J haue taken with that vngrateful and deſptrate people of 


be dutifull to your maieſtie, accopding as query good and true ſubiect ought to do. Now for this 


gilt which pour matettic hath beſtowed on ine, J mott humbly kille pour maieſtieg handes a thou · 


land times. Thus pꝛelently J departed from Potoſſiſomewhat fickelp, to accomplith that which 
pout matettic hath commanded me. So Jarriued at Lima in ſafetie the firtt of Febzuary by the 


way of Arica, which is an hauen towne, where they imbarke all che bares of liluer. And there J 


haue ſeene what is done, ¢ what they haue pꝛouided againſt the Englichmen in chat hauen which 


is; That there is a litle fort made hard by the waters fide, with certaine ſmall pieces of oꝛdinance 
in the ſaid fozt to offend the enemte, ik occalion ſhould ferue that they ſhould offer to come into the 
harbour and offer any violence. But the pꝛincipall thing ok all that we want is to haue fouldiers, 


deh the riuer of Plate, which they haue bene the occation of, in dealing fo badly with are people ö 
me their Paſtour, which haue counſelled them, that they trou haue a great care to ſerue God, and tbe 


Riner of 
Plate. 


bote men, and hozlemen. Foraccoring as J am inkoꝛmev, here want 100 men which ſhould He ad aw 


heepe the coatt,if they ſhould oller to land and march bp inta the countrey. And like wile the pes : 
pie ot this countrey haue told me, chat if vpon an high mount which is here in the harbour neere to 


che hauens mouth, an the Southlide of the harbour where the fea doth beat, ther were two or tlyee 


Areat Canons planted on che top of the Hill, (where very good watch is continually kept) from Good watch 
that place thev may reach to doe the enemie great hurt. aleague into the ſea. The new ice rop dona 


aa. 3 realmes: 


Don GarciaVrtado de Mendoca,wopthy of that dignitie, is in great fauour with al thoſe of thete 


— —5— . —5ð—iti. 
562 The Engliſh Voyages, &. Haniards letters intercepted, 


— — —d —— 
realmes: for that he is a great ſolliciter both by fea and land in all Kinde of Diligence, not looting 
one houre in pour ſeruice, and chat which he hath in charge. lich as much ſperd as may be J wil 
bepart from hence to Mechuacan,to ſerue that church and pour maieſty: and there J will rcmaing 
accopding to pour mateſties commandement, with the bulles oz indulgences. Dur Loy hetpe 
pour maieſty many peres in his holy ſeruice. From the city de los Reyes the fiiſt of March 1590, 

Frier Alonſo biſhop of Mechuacan, 


A letter of Don John de Miramontes Suaſola to Don John Garcias de Pena. 
lofa from Arica on the eoaſt of Peru the tenth of March 1590. 


we. Fter my long trauell and badde ſucceſſe, my fortune bꝛought mee to the Indies; 
where being void of all hope, and full of griele, J am become a ſouldier: a thingin 
this countrep which is mot hated of all other things , not onely ol men, but of ihe 
wilde beaſts: and is an occupation which is choſen of idle perſong. The occatonof 
this is, that there haue bene in theſe ſcas, and pet are terttine Engliſh roucis; any 
Suse mn infeckmg of chem J haue trauctlen theſe thnec ytres: the one of the peres a ſouldier, and the other 
ha der; two peeres J haue gone fo) captaine and euligne. bearer. And at this time here is arriuld Dan 
peres. Garcias Vrtado de Mendoęs viceroy of thefe realmes: who hath chofen me to be chiefe enfigne. 
bearer of an army which departed from hence to ſtoure the conſt. Foꝛ here we haue nerwrs olthe 
dis was ep, enemy, which is comming vpon the coalt: foꝛ wee haue taped for their comming thefe foure ine 
1 J neths che fame way which they mut come. in a hauen called Arica, which is the firkt entry of Per, 
Delight mas in So J haue go pezos a moneth, belides other pꝛolits at nine reals the pezo; e foure hares atnine 
lia reals the pero. So that J haue 1800 pezos eucry yere of pay: fo the viceroy ts mp dere fri, 
January aid and maketh great account of me. And J haue alwayes 400 dutats in my cheit to goe like aman 
Teb. 1389. J beleech God lend vs quietnellt. But pet it is the part of a gentleman to ſerue the king hum 

fer in thele actions, And thus J ret. From the barbour of Arica the tenth of March 1590. 
Ikiſſe your worfhips hands, and am at your commandment 

Don Iobn de Miramontes Suaſola. 

There ave foure great galeous of 350 tunneg a piece, which are in Arica men of warte, witha 
General, Admiral, iceadmirall, wich great ſloze of ſouldiers which kel pe this hauen: ſathe 
viceroy hath intelligence that there are terteine Engliſhmen of war comming hither, Chiaha 
uen of Arica is the beſt harbour in all the South ſea: for all the ſiluer which commeih liem he 
mines ok Potoſſi, is ſhipt in this harbour, and fo bought to L ima. And like wiſe all the comm: 
dities which come from Spaine, and all the kings quickſiluer, is vnladen in this harbour, and (ore: 
ried to che citp ol Lima and other plateg u here the mines ol luer are. 


This was 
M. Iohn Chid- 
leys fleet. 


Aletter of the Licenciate Chriſtopher Vflano to Gonfaluo de Solana in 


in the city of Emcé/a in Spaine , written from the city of Poto/ in Perwthe20 
of luly 1590, touching a great plague in Perm, and the fhostnefie ofthe paflage fromthe 
riuer of Plate into Potofi in Peru. 


Abe latt peere 1588 Jrereiued letters from pour worthip and from my fitter: an 
rare chat time J haue reteiued none, nop in the fleet which came to Cartagena 
1589. And this pere 15 90 there hath bene great want of cone in this kingdeme 

Nor of Potoſſi: fop that there hath beene to raine in this kingdome of long time, Fo 

un arch the hulbandmen vſe to ſowe their copes and in Apzill CCinter doth bee 

Apꝛil chere be no raine, the come which is ſowen will conſume way: and lo lo: 

want ok raine we haue had two bande peres of coꝛne. And like wile here hath bene in theſe com: 
treys of Potoſſi, and in the city De la paz, great ſickneſle among the Indiaus, Mullatos, and Me- 
ſtigos, called the ſmall pocks, and a certeine plague, which hath veftropen all this countrey, And 
there haue no olde people died, noꝛ Dyanpards, but onely this countrey people, from onepetre to 
30 peeves otage: lo for want of Indians we can not worke in the mines. This fickneflerumeth 
al along the coaftof Peru and hath paffen into tye ſtreights of Magalianes, whence we haut mis 


Plaque. 


that thafe ſouldierg which were ſent from Spain thither to hulld thoſe forte are moſt of hem dend, Tea 


e eſpecially the woꝛkemen which came to make he forts, The Gentrall Don Diego de Aboles 
hath written to his maieſty to end moꝛe fouldiers and moze wozktmen, whereby hele thee fonts 
might be builded acto wing to the kings commande ment. This ſickneſſe c¢ ine first from Carts 
gena to this countrep, which is 1000 leagues diſtant: and, as J ſayd, it hach gene all Peru we, 


, Spamaras | 


— 
to the utter NDOT 
letters to mee, fe 
And there are grec 
failing ouer a gullt 


he hauen of Bue 
dhis harbour all ki 
> carts and on hoyle; 
tjo trauaile. Aud fi 
> trep commodities, 
ume. Ik his mare 
be very profitable: 
me. And by the w 
Fpaine. By this! 
tomy hand. Andt 


A letter of 
nama the 3 
vpon priuie 


© from Lima there ie 


great pꝛouiſid whic 
the great ſums ol i 
dwellerg here in fur 
his maieſtie take wi 


marchants that hat 


ſome lelle, to haue 


ther his ſcedule oy b 
here: The contents 


into Spaine in that 


doing will bee a gr 
vs all. Mewes kre 


chat all things are v 


likewiſe we haue g 


ue feales fon to Lem 
this iuſtant is very 


bp reaſon chat this 


money, which is to 
From Panama t 


A letter of 
Sapata de H. 


ta in the new 


of Marequit⸗ 


rcepted, Spaniards letters intercepted. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 563 


» Not loofing co che utter vndolng of this countrey: J prap God to ceale it. J pray you when you write any Pew vererip 
nay be J wii letters to mee, fend them in thole ſlppes which come to Sainct Thome, and take in Negios, e ple“ 
will remane And there are great Moye of (hips which goe to Sainct I home fox Negros, and it is but 1 5. daytg 
r Lon hety e ſlauuung ouer a gulle to Braſill. And from Brafill their ſyippes being their Ne gros to a hauen called 
Parch 1590 the hauen of Buenos Aeres, which is within the entrance of ihe mightie riuer of Plate. And from 45 AH 
in. dhis harbour all kinde of Spanith and Poztugall commotitics are cavicy to this titie of Potoſſi in nov Ain 
> carts and on hoyle : fog it is but 10. o 12. di pes iournex and the countrey is very plaine for carts aig bes 
de Pena. co trauaile. Aud from Potoſſi to this harbour is qreatttore of treaſure bought to buy that coun: : 
) trep commobditics,and ſo they are ſhipped fox Portugall: and the hips go and come againe infhort 
ume. Ik his marettie will confent that we may haue traffique from Spaine to this harbour, it twill 
o the Indies; be very protitables and in fine op fire moneths J (hall heare from pou, € pou hall doe the like from 
era thingin me. And by the way of Cartagena it is fometime 2. peres befoye we ran receiue pour letters ftom ehetedionte 
en, but okihe SFpaine. Bp this way my brother may mite, and ſo by this meane the letters may ſperdily come l 
be occationot tomy hand. And thus Fret, From this citie of Potoſſi the 20. of July i 390. end ta ben. 
breucis;an 
and the ohr g The Licenciate CurtstopuEen 
Satan Don 
bieke entigne, W 
5 é 7 ° oe 
er Aletter of Steuen de Trefio to Alonfo Martines Vaca in Siuil from Pa. 
entip of peu, nama the 21. of Auguſt 1590. touching the kings defire to borrow money 
ſhareg at nine 5 vpon priuie ſeales, and the want of the countrey, 
1 Ter T map please pour wopthip to vnderſtand that I haue terelued a packet of lettets front 
chingbisme ou. wherein pou pice nto me of che great mileries and the calamities of spa ine. And 
tcl 1590 CM Wee J] portii(e pou that theſe countreys are in no leſſe. Soy hete is great want of come and 
nmunckmem other kind of pꝛoulſion: for here is almoſt none to be had for anp money, by realon that 
from Lima there is no ſhipping come with maiz, Mere wee haue had newes from Spaine of the 
warte witha great pꝛouiliõ which is making ready loꝛ thole great wars which bis maieſlie is in preparing, ¢ ol 
Haucn: fonhe the great ſums ol money that his matettic ſtandeth in neede of: Oo that it doth put vs all that are 
her. Thaaha⸗ dwellerg here in uch a perplexitie and confutton, that we know not what we ſhall doe. J pay Gow 
meth fremibe his maieſtie take not away our money whith wee haue ſent to Spaine in the fleete, Foz hire are 
all the enmo⸗ marchants that haue {ent fone 200000, pezos, fome 100000, pezos, ſume Sooo. ſome moze 
pour an fore ſome lelle, to haue it inployed in commodities of that countrey. Although the king hath lent hi: 


ther hig ſcedule oz bill of alſignement ligued and ſealed bp his maieſtie, which hath bene proclaimen 

bere: The contenee whereof are, That what man ſoeuer marchant oz other will lend their money 
e into Spaine in that flecte, his maieſtie will not take away any part oz poztion thereof, (which in ſa 
doldla in doing will bee a great tomfont vnto vs all) pet here we were in dotibt that hee would take it rom 
ben the 20 vs all. Mewes krom the citie of Lima ag pce we haue none + But J can tertiſie pour woꝛſhippe, aDrinie fates 
lage fromthe that all things are very deere here, and that we ann in great extrenitie fo want of victuals; and to bofrau ma 

| liketwife we haue great want ol money. Allo here is oꝛder come from the king with certaine pric pennt ita 
mp itera wie ſeales fop to lend his maiellie money, for chat hee hath great nerde thereof, This countrey at woundance ot 
(6 Caitacenn this inſtant is very pore, and there are none that can lend the king at this time any money at all, rom Lan aun 
hi skin wum by reaſon that this lande is left fo vnpꝛouided of money: Wut wie are looking for great foze of frown The Vale 
ongtime, fn money, which is to tome from Lima and from The Valles, iy 


My „From Panama the 12. of Augut! 1590, 

11 1 5 a , Stavan de Tas 10. 
e in theſe cous ; ; . i 
ae A letter of the Licenciate John de Labera to tlie Licenciate Alon/a 
founteey, Ad Sapata de Henao in Caſtile in Calamea de la Sorengo, written from S. Fee de Bogo- 
im one pect to tain the new kingdom of Granada, the 10. ot May 1590. touching therich filuer mines 
1 of Mare uta newly found out, and the long way thithet by the niuer of Magdalena. 


ego de Aboles thip by 2.02 3. wayeg: but J know not whether vou haue receiued them o2 no. ꝛeſenily 

yete thee fonts alter Iveparted to the gouerument of Popayan, which ioyneth with the citie of Quito 

ſtſtom Cana - lu the coat of Peru, in companie of the gouernoꝛs lieutenant Don Diego Ordonez de 

eallPervoutt, © : Lata 
{a ; 


totibemnean, f sins stn ts in Augult 15389. J wrote vnto pour woꝛ⸗ 


564 


She citie of 
parse hod 
nem kingdom 
ot Gunes 


Great fore of 
metal found 
in the newe 
mines of Ma · 
requita, 

que grtat ri · 
ter of Magda 
lena. 


Che ric heſt 
mines in all 
Peru. 


1 .. ͤ 
The Engliſn Voyages, Spanifh letters intercepted 


Lara of Salamanca, But J was faine to forfake his companie, by reaſon J fell ſicke in the cine ck 
Marequita, where they haue diſcouered the great filuer mines: which citie is aboue 200. leagys 
from Cartagena: where I remained a certaine time very ficke, And becaule this countrey ia g 
treme hotte, and J cucrp day grewe woꝛſe and worle, J was faine to trauaile 30. leagues lurth 
vp into the maine land to a titie called S. Fee in the new kingdom ol Grenada, being on the coat 
peru: which is a told tountrey: where J am admitted a procuratoz, foꝛ that the Rotal audiences 
kept in this citic, Do J finve my ſelfe very healthy ot bodie, by reaſon this countrep is {ull ol al 
kind of victuals very good and very plentifull, as bread, cheeſe, bacon, beefe, great foze of henntz 
and great ſtoꝛe of cornfeitures, Onely here is want of golde: lo that this countrey will be veer) 
vndone , if the mines of Mare quita help not to reſtoꝛe the fame again: whereok there is good hoh: 
for here is great ſtoꝛe of metall already found and the workmen are in hand to refine the ſaid nil 
fo that we are in good hope that great ſtoze of ſiluer will be found in theſe mines of great valur 
profite to his maieſtie. This river is called The great riuer of Magdalena. There is a ith incy 
riuer called Cayman, which followeth after the canoas: and if it can reach any man in the caro 
will halle him out and deuoure him. All night they lie in the ſand on ſhoze. In this riuer as wea 
going vp, there is at certaine ſealons great ope of lightning and thunder, with ſuch abundanceyf 
raine, as though the ſkies would fall downe: and fo it both continue from midnight vntil monug 
fo that we are faine to go abooꝛd the canoas,¢ with certaine bꝛoad leaues which grow in thetun 
trey, the mariners make a couering to taſt ouer the wares which are laden in the canoas: anit 
doth kecpe both the raine ¢ ſunne from vs which are pallengers. The canoas are dawen by tis 
riuer of Magdalena by maine force of the mariners in towing and haling them with ropes, Chr 
are 7,02 8. Indians commonly which gude theſe canoas, beſides che Patter which keepuht 
helme, and the paſlengers. Wie are commonly two moneths in going vp this riuer. It is 150, 
Leagues to the landing place. And there the marchants vnlade their marchandiſe, which {erwin 
all the cities and townes which are in this newe kingdome ol Granada. And the marchantz lade 
the canoas backe againe from thence with great tone of filuer and golde which is gotten auolche 
mines for Cartagena, and there it is (hipped fo, Spaine. And like wiſe here is great quaniticof 
treaſure laden in theſayd canoas which is for the kings cuftome and other dueties which are pub: 
But they are but a monech op three weckes going downe the riuer to Cartagena. Theleare the 
richett mines in all Peru. And thus J reſt. 
From Santa Fee de Bogota in the new kingdome of Granada in Peru the 10. of y 1590. 


The Licenciateloun de 
LABERA, 


A letter of Hierommo de Nabares to the licenciat John Aton dwel- 
ling in Valladolid, written from Panama to Siuil the 24. day of Angutt 1590, 
touching the gainefulnes of the trade to the Philippinas, and the extreme feaie hej haue 
of the Englifhmen, 


Ot long agone J wrote to pour woꝛſhip from Panama by the way of Hauam: 
AeA) giuing vou to vnderſtand of my being here r of che ſtate of theſe countteys. At 
NI er J Departed from Spaine, in 37. dapes wee arriued at Cartagena: and from 
N 3 thence J tooke ſhipping to goe to Nombre de Dios, which is do. leagues from 
S 


Cartagena and in 4. dayes twee got thither. And from thence J went to Pana- 
pinas. My meaning is to carie my commodities thicher: fop it is conſtantip reported, that oy eur- 


ma: where J haue remainev theſe 20. dayes, till the ſhippes goe fo the Philip 


Whe great roe ry hundꝛed Ducats a man ſhall get oo. durats cleereiy. ee muſt Kap here in Panama from Qu: 
fice ofthe trade guſt till it be Chrittmatte. op in Augutt, September, October and Nouember it is winter here, 


to the Philippi · 
mas, 


and extreme foule weather vpon this coattof Peru, and not nauigable to goe to the Philippiras, 
nop to any plate elle in the South ſea. Do that at Chꝛiſtmalle the Hips begin to {ct on thew voy⸗ 
age fop thole places: and then in theſe parts the ſummer beginneth wih very faire weather, ant 


alwapes we fall haue the windes wich vs. Foz in July ened October here is temible cundemm 
and lightening with extreme raines, fo that it is not pollible to go any way in this countrey. Ven 

are in Panama 10. great fhips of 500, 400, 300, , 200. tuns apiece, x ſome 1 Fung 
duntrey 


commonty to ſaile in the South fea to Lima, to the Valles, to Arica, aud to the Philippinas. 
a bl 


The vali. 


— 
toumtrey in the 
todes, which 
deere, by realo 
Ie 2, rials o 

iio dep and 
map buy 20. l 
few of them bi 
full to bee fpok 
earth which co 
peeldeth great 
dzinke and app 
melong, and the 
chat all this cou 
neuer ſeene noꝛ 
pou to mite but 
Paieſtie doth p 


> 


J. ieee meiosis 


1 


A relati 
gainſt cc 
honorab! 
taine of th 
nourable 


ſmal 

hich ſtandeth o 
© they ſhould mak, 
| there gatherent 
| 6,0f the clock in 
| preparcd our ſelu 
with our admiral 
parle being enden 
chemlelues to lee 
long by his boa 
tomming vp wit 
roome. Thus be 
the Hope wel es 
bp wich our admi 
purpoling(if we! 
ing between vs ar 
the Swallow not 
tall by this time b 
g (cawith his topes 
| low haue payd ror 
tothe Eaſtward. 
one of their ſmall. 
thins came vp laire 
that we could not e 
thone.¢ anker in ſy 
had none. Then 1.1 
chelcluer in hippe 
“Bou oarg vntü] 


„ Oy Fy a. — — — eer Eee 
ercepted The vahant fight of the Content Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 365 
P countrep in the hammer is fo extreme hotte, that it is not pollible to traucl in 


— & the day time: it Mann: 
ke in the citie at eth in d. deg. E i. and all this coaſt is in 9. and 1c. deg. Pere is great tore ot abbers, ſnakes nd 


le 200. lcagus toades, which are in the houſes, but they doe but ſmall hurt. Pert brean, wine, and bacon art very 
countrey ag deere by realon the countrey doth not pectp it: for it is Hought ſrom Peru, Q li. of bead is worth 
leagues luce . , rials of plate: aquart of wine is ſolde for 4. rials: for none groweih here. Pere are very 
Con the coat Mey, it dep and thole extreme deere. The only food here fo flach, are oren bine buls ¢ beffkers: pou 
Rotalauviencrig fo map buy 20. li. of beefe fox one rial of plate. Their (mallet monep of fitucr is arial of plate. very a wentp li 67 
trep istullofal , fewo them but all pieces of 4. c 8. Foy the luer mines which day ly be found in Peru be wonder: aden tee 
fore of hem, full to ber ſpoken of, Ik a man vid not fee the filuer made, hee would neuer beleeue it: fo the veip ves im Pem 
v will be vid Fe earth which cammeth out of the mine g e is afterward waſhed, being but 3.02 4. yeres on a mount, 


re is good he: i peeldeth great fone of filuer afterwards againe. But as here we get much, ſo our charge in meat. 

ie the ſaid ma: dunke and apparell doth colt very much. As loz fruite here is none that is good, but onely mutke 

F great value He” melons, and they are ſold for 6.02 8. rials apeece. I can certifie pour woꝛſhip of no newes, but only, 

reis alſhuge chat all this countrey is in Such extreme feare of the Engliſymen our enemies, chat he like was The Euguſd⸗ 
n inthe cn neuer feene nog heard of: fop in ſeeing a ſaile. pꝛeſently here are alarmes in all the countrey. J pray fart em pati 


feared t 
river aß we vou to wpitebnte me as touching the wars that bis Paieſtie hath with our enemies, and howe his 
ich abundanceof Paieſtie doth pꝛeuaile. And thug J reſt. From Panama in the firme land the 28. ol Aug. 1590. 


t vntil mom 
tow in then HIERON TMO de 
e canoas: W i NaBaRgs, 
e dawen bp this 
rae en A relation of a memorable fight made the 13. of lune 159 1. as 
si un gainft certaine Spanith fhips & gallies in the Weſt Jadies by 3.thips of the 
, which mul 1 honorable fir George Carey knight, then marſhall of her Maieſties houſhold, and Caps 
11 : taine of the Ile of wight, now lord Hunſdon, lord Chamberlaine, and captaine of the ho- 
rotten owofthe 3 nourable band of her Maiefties Penſionets. 
Sreatquaniticof Fe 72 ber z. of June 1591. being fimpay,at 3. ok the clock inthe moꝛning we deſcrieds. ſaile 
Which are pad: 2 Yo of the king of Spaine his hips. Foureof themivere aunadas, (viz. the Admirall and 
a, Theleare the 2 vicendnurall of 700. tuns apeece, and the other 2. of 600, apeece) and the other 2. were 
ſmal thips,cach of them about 100. ting. Ille met w them off the Cape deCorrientes, 
>» OF May 1590, } which ſtandeth on the Jland of Cuba. The light of the foꝛelaid ſhips made vs iopkull, hoping that 
© they ould make our voyage. But alloone as tbey deſcrped vs, chey made falle fires one to ano: 
loun de cher e gathered theit flees together. lying all clofe by a wind to the Southwards. We therefore at 
Ae 6. of the clock in the morning the wind being at Eaſt ) haung made our pꝛapers to almighty God, 
pꝛepared our ſelues fo; the tight: And in hope they had bene ol the Cartagena fleete wee bare vp 


with our admirall and viceadmiral, to determine of the combate fop the better directiõ therof, Our 
Jou dwel- parle being ended our admiral, viceadmiral the Hopewel gaue their admiral the prow, bainging 
Angutt 1530. chemlelues to leeward of him. Ille in the Content bare bp wich their biceadniral, and ranging as 
e long by his bꝛoad fine aweather of him, gaue him a voley of mutkets and our great ordinances then 
' J comming vp with another ſmall thip ahead of the fopmer, wee haile her in ſuch ſozt, that ſhee payd 
roome, Thus being in fight with the little hip we law a great finoke come from o 
wap of Haun: the pal € Swallow fozſaking him wich all the faites th 
ecountreps, AE bp wich our admiral before we could come to him we had bo 
ena s and from purpofing (if we han not bene too hotte for chem)to haue lay 
80, leagues ftom ing between vs and them 3 houres) we were forced to ſtaud 
J went to Pan- the Swallow not comming in all this tubile to apd vs, as ch 
de fo the Philip. tall bp chis time being in fight with cheir vireadmiral 
ted chattm dür, I fra with his topgallant lalle, and all the faites he could 
anamafrom a: low haue pad roome to fer 
it is winter here, to the Eaſtward. All this time we 
thePhilippinas, I due ok their mall. They hauing a 
a fct on there voy⸗ hips cane by faire by vs ſhat at v 


ire weather, and that we could not efcape them. T we ſhiyped our oars that we might rowe to 
wible cadenm 8 could not comme nie bs, fon other refuge we 
a counttey. Vert from 1. of their great g hauing a boat to rowe 
barkes which ott Erowed after vs thinking w their imall (hot to haue put ve 


e Reat hips nught come vy with vs: but by p time the was within 9 
bl 


566. TheEnglih Voyages, Thevahant fight ofthe Conn, 


Ls 
the Loꝛd of his mercie did fend vs a faire gale of wind at the ozthweſt off the hore. CLihat tune 
(they being all to leeward of vs) wee toad to the Catt, The ſmall hip was vnder our lee with 
Falcon thot, and another great ſhippe lap to the CTleſtward. fo that wee could no way pollibly c. 
cape them upon that boop: then ( we thinking to auopd them by calting about to the CCU Mwarrs) 
the other great ſhiype gate vnder our lee, and the finall hip on our weather quarter, purpoting io 
make vs pay roome with the great ſhip, by force of her mall ¢ great ſhot. Then ( we being ler bag 
tacked, and they ſterboow) we made her ſpꝛing her lootte, and by a fortunate thot which our guy. 
ner made, pierced her betwirt winde and water. Percupon thee was fozerd to lay herlelle vy 
the carena, and to ſtand with one of the other ſhips tn apde, Afterward commending oui lein 
to almigbtie God in pꝛayer, and ging him thankes top the winde which he ban ſent vs for our de 
liuerante) we looked forth and velcryed two faite more to the offen: theſe we thought to hau ban 
the Hope well, and the Swallow that had ſtoode in to ayde vs: but it pꝛooued karre otherwite, in 
they were two of the kings gallies. Nowe hauing a loome v ale or winde, wee ſhippen our oars 
and rowed off the ſhoꝛe: and our watch was no ſooner fet, but wee efpied one gallie vnder our le 
hard by vs, boging vp with vs. Then (becaule it was cuening ) one of the great Hips vilchargey 
fire great ſhot at vs, to the ende the gallies ſhould knowe that wee were the ſhippe they lookin ty, 
Then the gallie came vp, and (hapling vs of whence our ſhippe was) a Poztugall which wer hy 
with vs, made them anſwere that we were of the flecte of Tierra firma, and of Siuil ; with that thy 
bid vs amaine Englich dogs, and came vpon our quarter ſtar.booꝛd: and giving vs fiue catt piers 
out of her pꝛowe, they ſought to lay vs abooꝛd: but wee fo galled them wich our mulkets the 
we put them krom our quarter. Then they winding their gallie, came vp into our ſterne, and wu) 
the way that the gallie had, did ſo violently thꝛuſt in the booꝛdes of our captaines cabbin that he 
role came into it, minding to giue vs all her pꝛowe, and ſo to ſinke vs. Wut wee being reſclur, 
fo plyed them with our {mall (hot, that they could haue no time to diſcharge their great opinane: 
and when they began to appꝛoch, wee heaued into them a ball of fire, and by that meancs put him 
off: whereupon they once againe fell aſterne of vs, and gaue vs a pꝛowe. Then hauing the lind 
time put them off, wee went to prayer, and fang the firtt part of the 25. Plalme, pꝛayſing Gig 
our fafe deliuerance. This being done, we might lee 2. gallies and a krigat all three of them bend 
ing themſelues together to encounter vs: hereupon we (eftfoones commending our {tate ino the 
hands of Gov) armed our ſeluegs, and reſolued (for the honour of God, her Mateltie, and our coun, 
trep) to fight it out till the lat man. Then ſhaking a pike of fire in delance of the enen end 
weauing them amaine, we bad them come aboo d: and an Engliſhman in the gallie made aber, 
that they would come aboopd pꝛeſently. So managing our {clues to our furniture, end tue 
moment expecting the allault, wee heard them parle to this ellect, that they determinedti keepe 
vs companie till the moꝛning, and then to make an end with vs: chen giving vs another ſhorſtom 

one of the gallies, they fell aſterne. Thus our fight continued with the ſhippes and with the gal: 
Fingutirer lies, from feucn of che clock in the moꝛning till eleuen at night. Powbeit God which nur alc 
abe. them that put their truſt in him) ſent vs a gale of winde about two of the clocke in the morning at 
Eaſtnoꝛtheaſt, which was for the pꝛeuenting of their crueltie, and the ſauing of our lines, Alo the 
Lon be pꝛaiſed fo it) in all this dangerous light, wee had not one man ſlaine, and but 2. hurt: but 
our ſayles and ropes were ſo rent with their ſhot, that it was wonderfull to behold: our maine mul 
alſo was thot cleane though, wherehy wee were in exceeding great danger. Thus our confortes 
forfooke vs, and left vs in theſe extremiticg. The next day being the 14. of June in the moning, 
wee fatwe all our aduerfaries to lee. ward of vs, and they eſpying bs chaled vs till 1 0.of the tak 
and then ſeeing they could not pꝛeuaile, gaue vs ouer. Do that day about 5. of the clocke in beat: 
ternoone, we bare vp to the Southwelt in hope to finde our confortes, but we had no fight of thm 
at that time no afterward. Then Toone we in all that night for the Cape ol S. Anthonie, hoping 
there to {ee our Admirall accoꝛding to his direction. The 15. day of June early in the mowing, 
we velcrxed the Spaniſh fleete againe, being within 5. leagues of Cape S. Anthonie. Then he 
uing no fight of our confortes) wee ſtoode for the place accoding to the direction of our ouner fr 
George Carey, where we vid plie fop the ſpace of 2 3. dapes, and neuer toulv fec any ſapte but tus 
frigats, which wer gaue chaſe vnto the 24. of June, and could not fee them vp. Thus wee give 
God molt humble thankes for our kale deliuerante from the cruel enemie, which hath bene mint 
mightie by the pꝛouidence of God, then any tongue can expzelle: to whom bee all pꝛapſe, Lonow, 
and glozy, both uo w and euer, Amen. ; 


A fight from 


Appendix. © <P 
Webarkecalley The Content had but one Pinien one Falcon, one Saher, ¢ 2. port-bales 
Ohe continued fighe from leuen in he monung til ſunlet, with 3. armadas ee 


A. ( Uril 


Chriitop 
viz. The g 
Pradence\ 
vet vuder C 
Kidgil: Be 
Harewich,( 
coaſt of His 

faile of thip 
eS 


Indies: where mak 
fies of cheirg viz, T. 


1: 
( ontent, 


e. Tibhar tune 
our lee with 
bay poſlibly ei. 
EH Mwarrs) 
» PUrpoting o 
being lei boo 
which our qui. 
v herfelfe vyon 
ding our Lelueg 
it vs fo? our de. 
ht to hauc bag 
otherwile, f 
PPC our oars, 
ie under our ice 
ips Dilcharger 
ey looked, 
which wee han 
with thatthe 
Five catt piccey 
r mulkets tue 
terne, and with 
abbin that ler 
being reſclur, 
reat ordinances 
eaͤnes put then 
uing the {econ 
ap linig Goo fay 
e of them ben: 
ir Mate into the 
e, and our counts 
he enemt, end 
e made amliver, 
ure, end euerp 
mined to keepe 
other ſhotltom 
nd with the wale 
ich neuce falech 
the morning at 
lluts. Al{o( tle 
but 2. hurt: but 
our maine malt 
is dur tonſchteg 
in the mopning, 
o. ok the clorke, 
clocke in heats 
no light of chem 
thonie, hoping 
nt the moning, 
nie, Then ha 
of our ont fir 
rp fayle but wo 
Thus wee giue 
ath beene more 
naple, fonour, 


2. port-balts, 
oo. and 700 
tuns 


A. ( briftop Newport. Traffiques, and Difcoueries, 


tunes apiece, and one ſmall ſhippe of 100. 


— — fet, there came 
das fot their 


cucns dough her fore-top-f4 

ber maine matte ane. The vpper part of the Content wag hurt in five plac 

continued this light the reit being in holde. 

N sitgat ol the Spantards (being after ward taken) confeften, that there were in the gallies a 
boue 40. Spaniards llaine, and many were hurt in that combate, 


The names of thoſe ig. perſons that continued the fight. 


Nicolas Lifle,Captaine, Charles Creame. 
M. Major, Lieutenant. Thomas Godfrey. 
William ee, Giles Thornton, 
Iohn Barwick, Mrs. mate. lohn Pells. 
William Clement, gunner. Tohn Bourel, 
Thomas Houldthips, Ralph Grey. 
Bote · ſwaine, [ William Heore, 


The names of the reft be thefe followi ng. 


Iohn Pie. 0 Tohn Twopenie, 
John Sinith, Edmund Giggs, 
Iohn White, William Bateman, 
John Butcher. : William White, 
Iohn Brooke. Laurence Shellie, 


A rh 


Chriitop 
viz, The 


la 


» Whereof was Captai 
»vnder the conduct of Ca 
vet vader Captaine Rob 
Kidgil: Be 


a ON the coaft of Barbarie, and on 
Mie Dauing rekreched our ſeiues 
Canaries : any hauing a 


ace er Huch tee 
n I 8952 with 1 in the Meit 
a with the Daluages for certaine commodt: 

a hennes, otto rootes er, : . 

ng eto a watering place on the other fide of the clitfe wee tooke a Porteyall 
fL of 300, tuns, which came from Guinie, and was bound for Cartagena, wherein 
were 300, Negros young and olde. Mich chip we tooke along with vs to 8 Juan de Puerto rico, 
where we landen the marchant and one mind mone within a league of the towne and landing 
— —— laine 0, oilemen made towards bs; but wee retired to our boates 


un vetize the toon the ete making hot tive a nd 
denen weet be Porat ben deen hee hs htc 
— — ae rale get en Beim 

i of thet about ſome 9.07 redeag eh cb 
e 


t off to fea againe, and ac 


568 TheEnglith Voyages, &c. Md.Chriftop, Newpor, I Ich ; 


— — 
— — 


The 11 ot April we palled from thence to Mona ſome 1 s leagues off, where we landed thet — — 
were on the Aland about 19. ſoules, the childzen of an olde Portugal, and his wife who attourye — L, Ai 
vs (uch fruits as their J land peelded, viz, fines fleth, Potato reotes, t. : 1888 

From thence along wee paſled to Sa ona, a long Gland and very ſruitlull, replentthen wich . mut, asator 


wilde beaſtes and where we landed, hunted, and trained our men. : ft 
: Patling from hence Qeltward along the South coaſt of Hifpaniola, wer deſcryed aug, — Route fe 
which wer chaltv aud tooke ; wherein were 22. larves of toper · monty, being bound fo S. i, tdthett thip on fir 
de Puerto rico, to buy wine there. 


: deo the fice, and 

Che next day we tooke 2. ſmall frigaes moꝛe, but nothing of any value in them. 5 2 
Che 15. 0, Ayzill at night wee facken a towne in the ſayde Jland of vane called Occ, HP funke the Mipp 
where was an Ingenio, wherein we found ſugar ¢ poultrie great Tope, but the 1 had difow ts be lo calme, 
"Dour ſhiys ouet lug ht, and tub re fle into the moun canes, This town ſlannech a league kon Fe which was abo. 
Ceulibe, contifting ol Come foytie op Aktie houles, They bought vs much cattell, and two bn . of June, we for 
loades of fugar to ranſome the towne, INhile this action was perfourmed, Robert FreedofHy. Me faites taken fror 
wich, captaine of the Margaret, tooke tivo frigats with certaine Spaniards on the other l Me pany of muſket 
the bay, which came to lade ſugar there at an Ingenio, 5 ioo hote ko vst 
After we hav Here rekteſhed our lelues, wee fone along fox Cape Tiburon, where we wan, o the fea, wee 
and making no tap there, about the 23. of April wee left our thippes in a faire ioad. ſied dun would haue lant 
an Iland not inhabited, and wil” our frigats which wer had taken before, wherein wie hipad peſlunus weathe 
our ſrength which polſibly wee could allourd, leauing onelp o fcwe aboopd our ſhippeg as nd Ae vs to meet at ac 


hardly il neede had bene, haue mought chem; we paflen along by the ſayd Gland to the J2onting of the tome ant 

part of Hifpaniola, to a towne called Yaguana; where the 27. in the mozuung 2. houres deine We had lot 

day we landed ; but wee were diſcouered by meanes of a frigat that lay laden with victuals, bony our prise and out 

fox Carthagena, che men ol which frigat recouering on lande before vs, gaue an alarme lde ther ofother vnti 

towne, who were pelently vp in armes to che number of a hundꝛed ¢ fifticholes, Weems FE Our place ok: 

notwithſtanding along to the towne, hauing a Syaniard for our guide, where by that tet tte Golden drag 

Hort ttn D2aKe, we were before the towne, where vpon a faire greene making a (and, we v cre eum with certeine ill⸗ 

chewarre by the hoglemen hauing no ſkrength of foote, but certalne few loole thot which lap tnatowralty f pber Newportfi 

lbs a laague. at the entrie of the towne. The hozſemen charged vs very fiercelp, but ſeeing they could ort bound none; butt 

uaile, bꝛought in a dꝛoue before them of two hunden beaſtes oz moze: and ſo forctbly thinking to brought vs a lin 

haue bꝛoken our array, it pleaſed Gon to cauſe their cattell to retunne backe vpon themſchn:ud was kreſh water, 

thus their owne veutte lodted out to their owne detriment. In this ſatunmuſh wee flew deity, Dragon, had git 

uernour, a man very hardy, and of great valure. hollow, and abou 

i about his knee, 

and children, xc. that not one of vs thould goe abooꝛd againe ) a greater Doubt of interctpunng ol be Locke, maſters 

and of our boates was ſtroken into our captaines hearts then needed: and ſo fo that lime weren⸗ ther piece he gaue 

ed to dur boates not cutring the towne, and fo palltd with out boates to our (hips agaie; where frame like vnto t 

the fame night our captaine determined to goe vp with our thippes, but it fell lo calme, that all de I nica: fo; befives t 

next day vntill night we could not get vp, and chep hauing dilconertd vs, baricadoid vp their way, about three handf 
and conueped all that they had into the mountaines ; leauing their houles onelp bare aud naker, behinde. 

notwithſtanding we landed, and with great difficultie wer pee theit baricados with theloleof TChepert vap i 

auing not an Houle ynburnt, beinga put in bp weather, 

thafe all that day, 

The fame night wee palled with our boates to a final village callen A puaua, where blu ter a ſhot oʒ two m 

excellent fruites of the countrep, which by reaſon of their cowardly bags wet allo ſet un t. where we found ſo 

Being thus fruſtraten of our pꝛeꝛended voyage, we ſtoode for the bay of Honduras, and about trcellent tabaccor 

the ninth of May we dilcouerer in the afternoone a ſaile thwart ol the bay of Truxillo, wich whom the men away twit! 

we fone, and hautng a Spanity flagge out, they miltruſted vs not, wneill we had almott fet hen In this voyage 

bp and chen wee went off wich our boate, and tooke them within ſbot of the cattle, aud wuhe i ofeighe were taker 

Cuevthoushe boates wee went and fet thee oz foure frigate which rode ane the towne, the cattle playing pon ctheriſt we funke, | 


dene come wR p ee ing my = Pe ae 0 at en 
from Speine. ur captaine vnderllanding hy the Spania : were ce yea matters o 
beine Puerto de Cavallos,ftoad along that night for that plac’, . Sei vuc to bee fo calme,datie bi (Be ſhaped our 


the fifteenth day of euer twee came there, the hippes hauing peradurnture diſtwurrtd hn, we wnered, finoine 
Ghicelangi dhe huaee een Truxillo, ſo chat het hope, we landed; che uh: FP with whom wer top 


dur captaine M. C 
che next day till towards night: where we found 3. 0p Stuns of quick fuer, 16. ms ok did aal, Benerall fie John F 
Theepe, voung kids, great fore af pour fore Rye of mmm, ¢gogn inn n ks coun 


Wench of Deptemben 


— 
Nen por, 
— 
we landed: there 
fe who attourne, 


niſhed with toy 


beferped a klug, 
POUND to; S. lun 


keure rich 
but we ſpared it, becaufe wee found other contentment, And hauin 


towne, as aloe ſayd, wee returned abooꝛd our thips, ſtanding backt 
couered one of the thippes which was laden at Puerto de Cauallos 


pe A 


n. nt e a Fy { 

S$ accomplithen , w 
ola called Oc, J r 93 Truxille It fell — 
ople had dito to be ſo calme, that we were two and twentp dap re ſatling backe that we had failed in fire dayes 
a league front which was abour foptp leagues : fo that when we came before Truxillo, which was about the lity 
and ta unn of Zune, we found another of the thips there, but tlole vnder the calle, her ruther vnhangen her 
ert Freed of. alles taken from the pards, cc. no. Wihtanving we ered her, but they had placed luch a com: 
the other fing pany ol muſketiers vnder arampire , uch they had nave with hives and uch like, that it wag 

too hote fo vs to abide, and fo betaking vs to our thippes againe, anv Handing out of the bap in 
ere we Water; to the fea, wee dilcouc red great tore of (hoc intren c hed in thole places where they ſuſpected we 
dad. lied un would baue landed. Chat night there fell uch a llo me of kane, chunder, lightening ano tem 
in wee da Fee petuous weather, that our dips were difperfen either from other. And haun Determined all of \ 
fhippes as and vs to meet at a certeine Bland, where wee purpoſed to water and refteſh our felueg; hy meanes 1 
to the Jovthurt of the ftoyme and other contagious weather which followed, we were lrultrated of that hope. i 
i nai — 1 7 * {av Loft our prize, and 3 5 5 wich the men. T wo ol our thippes went to feeke | 
n e out e and our men : and other ttwoof vs came homt ward, And fo we parten ing ei 
gm us br ee weil ie ame 2 Ak mee SR rea ee 
. cem ur place ok meeting thould haue beene at the Tory as neere vnto the point of Florid 
that time eoap the Golden dragon and the Prudence were put to — of this se cantare 3 
Were nun with certeine illands within the point of Florida, were the captaine of the Dra gon M. Chriſto- 
ay in a Low vallep pher Newport ſent his pinneffe on ſhoze with certeine thot to (eeke fo freth Water, where wee 
hey could nore: found none; but found the Sauages very courteous vnto vs, who came bre high ento the ſea, and 
ae si hall in our boat on thoze , and ſhewed vs that vp into the lan Moꝛthward 
ee lee their go, 
life of their wines 
hntercrpting ol bs 
that time we rett: 
s againe; where 
tale, that all the 
old yy their wah, 
bart 00 be 
s wich the loll Thenere dap inthe mopning very early, there came a fri at of the iland of Cuba vanes, 
‘onburnt, beugt i pur in bp weather, which was bound fop Hauana, wherein were fifty hogges: 10 1 gaue 
chaſe all that day, palling the guifeof Bahama, and about fiue of checlocke in the afternoone, al⸗ 
where we foun ter a ſhot oz two made at her ſhee peelded vnto vs: wee hoiſted out our boat, and went abgozd, 
ner. 83 2 oan — * ra bg 99 and fifty hogs, and about forme two hundzed weig of 
tas, abacco rolled by in ſeynes lightened them nd 
ii ene — Mom . igh them of their hogges and tabacco, and (eng 
b almoſt fet chem uthüs vopage tne tooke and facked foure cownes ſeuenteenekrigatu, and two ſhipe, wheres 
le, aud with on ofeight were taken in the bay of cheH duras; o i ‘ 8 
1 ie ie, p of the Honduras; of all which web ; | 
' V Munbet ofcwenty, the Spanpards themfelues {et ‘ 
enen *. —.— of it. 8 is Dern ene ee eee 1 
alme, hat it wu ed our courſe from Florida home warb by the ifle of Flores one of the Acores, where 
ve dilcouertd us, Wwe twateren; finding fir lohn Bur h there, N ; 
a; cei th ohorn wee iopnen inthe f. 5 bere who tooke vs to be Ban pards, and made vp vnto vs; 
ne all wig d i 
uuns of odd facke 


18, cottan duc 
* 


570 TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, IId. William Kin, Henn 
The voyage made to the bay of Mexico by M. VVilliam King Cap Faber 


taine, M. Moore, M. How, and M. Boreman Owners, with the Salomon of ꝛ00 


Wood wi 


tunnes, and the Jane Bonanenture of 30 tunnes of dir Henry Palmer, from Rætciiffe the 16 9 


of January 1592. - ber: whic 
He Salomon was manned with an hundzen men, all mariners, and the lan iarres. T 
with fire and twenty, all like wiſe mariners, Tce tame first to the Down, being abou 
in Kent, and neuer ſirooke ſaile in patting thence, vntill we tame to Cape Vn. med into a 
cent on the toaſt ol Portugall. From thente we ſhaped our courſe to Lancer, Me» foundtobe 
one of the Canarie iflands, where we landed thꝛeeſcoze men, and fetched am . © Indico, ra 
a uell out of an harbozow on the South ſide, and from a ſmall Bland we tobe: on land bel 
demy· canon of bꝛalle in deſpigbt of the inhabitants, which played vpon vs with their ſmall ſeuennight 
at out fir landing: ol whom we Mew thee; and gaue them the repulſe. Thence we went ut and arriuer 
Grand Canaria, where wee boozded a barke lying at anker : out ok which wee were drin) Fe” 
great ope of ſhot from the Illand. From thente wee directed our courte for the Weſt Inds A brief 
and fell with the fle of Dominica about the tenth of Apꝛil. There ata watering place wetnts 
athippe of an bundzed tunnes come from Guiny , laden withtwa hundzed and ſeuenty Negu, 
which we caried with vs to S. Iuan de Puerto Rico, and there comming thozow El paſſiſe u 
gaue chale to a frigat which went in to S. Iuan de Puerto Rico, and in the night we ſetum Fr fmall 
fhallope with foureteene men. And out of the harboꝛow we tookeaway anEnglith hippeote ey ‘af 8 


uenty tunnes, laden with thꝛeeſcoze tunnes of Canary- wines, in deſpight ok the callle anotuy 

newbulwarks, being within caliuer thot, Theſe two prizes we carted away to the Wetterme 

part ok the illand, and put the Negros, except fifteene, all on land in a Spaniſh carauell topichiy 

lane Bonauenture tooke : and we taried a wap one of the former prises , and ſet fire on the ahn. 

le paſled thence by the ille ol Mona, where we watered, and rekreſhed our ſeluts with prag 

and plant ans, and o came to the ille of Saona: and from thence arriued at the moutholthen ⸗ a 

uer ol Santo Domingo. And as we failed to Cape Tiburon, three leagues tothe Melee fee dania agoot 

Santo Domingo we tookea boat of fifteene tunnes, which had certeine iarres of maloſſes um the Merchar 

refinen ſugar, with thꝛee men; which men with their boat wee caried with vs to CapeTiburon, diuers tweak 

which, in reſpect of ſeruice done vnto vs in furnithing vs with kreſh water, we diſmiſſed Cusn oz anyother: 

tontrary to other Englichmens courſes we ſhaped ours to the Southwarn ok Jamaica, id our both men an 

ſhallop with 1 2 men ranged the coatt but found nothing. Thence we ranged the iger ne anker, andt 

the Caimanes, and landed at Grand Caiman, being the Meſtermoſt, where we found no pepe, wich an extr. 

1 coop liner but a good riuer ok freth water; and there we turned vp thꝛeeſcoze great toztoiſes; andofthem rallthe Pene 

Fe Gace wetooke our choile,to wit,fifteenc of the females, which are the bettandfullet ofegges where ⸗ He October folt 

man. ok two lerued an hundzed men a dap. And there with Hones we might kill turtle doues, wude bout mirigy! 

geeſe, q other good fowles at ourpleaſures. Thente we came to Cape de Corrientes Cuba tu Bone a place 

water, and from thence to Cape 8. Antonio, and ſa went ouer fo the Tortugas, witouttahing i Lambique, t 

erung ot ol any new pꝛize: and thente cut ouer to Rio de puercos on the coat of Cuba. Chere bench woke a pang 

Foye. dec a {mall barke of twenty tunnes, with foure men and forty liue hogs, with certeine dpico poyke cut Coco nut lea 

like leather ierkins along, and dꝛied hogs tongues and neats tongues, and 2oore hides, Then den pinnes, 3 

paling thence, within foure vayes we tooke a fhipof 8o tunnes laden with hives, indico, f falt Calicut cloch 

petilla, Noꝛth ok an headland called Corugna:thence the current let vs to the Eat tothe oldche. went fo2 an il 

nel. There we tooke a krigst of 20 tunnes, hauing certeine pieces of Spanish broad cloth other the South ol 

{mall pillage : there continuing off the Matangas 12 dayes, with the winde fo K leferlythetne I and very com 

could harvlp recouer Hauana in the moneth of Bap, Pere we tooke two boats laden wih uw. I killed dhicep o 

les, which we lunke, ſauing ſome of the contoiles, x ſetting the men on ſhoꝛe. Chen at length we nutes; the un 

recottercd vp to Hauana, where we tame fo neere to the forts, that fo one houres fight they outt dur ſhip; thep 

rrached vs with their long oꝛdinante. Chen came ont the two gallies, haulng 27 banksona fine, we coat of Mc 

and fought with vs another houre; which fop that time left vs by reafon of the incrcaling ofthe HRS wing. 

Kherrctene Winde. Then palling slong nine leagues to the ielward we ound out an ercellcntbarbour, f The feront 

pauenotCe hauing thꝛee fadome water at the flood, able within to receine a thouland laile, where tvefoun e cee but hauit 

1 bog · boules, which they terme coralles, and tooke away certeine hogs and pigs. As weczme dat 2 recouert 

of chisharbour the weather being calme, we were incounteren by the gelle, which bepkolor eg ching. Ant 

en bs, and fought with them three houres, oftentimes within caliuer thot + but wer mabe (ur 8 tin 

ſpolle or their men and bares, that they beganne to be wearp , and gaut vs ouer, with their gree Sines and di 

lolle. ere within fouredapes after. as we lay to the Rorthtward fire leagues off tis hartan TR petty of che hi 

Cauannas, wemet with matter captaine Lane, Generall of matter Wars bis fleet, and 5 nun her, w 
Mi : 


WAL SSN 


=f 


illiam Rig. Henry May. Traffiques & Biſcoueries. 

eee e le 1 5 

‘am Kin ; Roberts, in the Exchange, afhip of Briſtol, of an hundʒed and forty t 0 iami 
“i 0 fs 92 Wood with his foure hips which were fet out by my ford Thome e 
m Ralf 1 bol Limehoufe captaine of the Cantar of Weymouth, All we being heere together elpied ath 
ro the 26 5 offomte 50 tunne, which we chaſed with their boats; but my ſhallope firt booꝛded her, and eke 


5 
winers, and the lie ilurres. The ſbip we vnladen and burned: the men ran on ſboze. Pence we 
rt to the Downe; 15 being about 13 lales betope Hauana; but paffing by we gaue 15 a ſbip of e 
tame to Cape 8 Vn. 4 tred into an harbour a league to the Moꝛthweſtol Hauana, which with boats was boozded, and 
courſe to Lancer, ¶ | ound to be of Puerto de Cauallos in the bay of Honduras, laden with tanned hives, falfa perilla 
n, and fetched arin: Indico, ram hides, and good ſtoꝛe of balſamum: and (he had foure cheſts of gold, which they got 
all Aland wet J an land beloze we could come to them. Ele Loughe this (hip into England. Thus ſpending a 
witb their(mality ſeuennight in lying off and an for purchaſe, and finding nothing come, J fee {aile for En gland 
hence we went tory and artiued at Douer about the tenth of Nouember 1592, , 
wee were driven Fe 
{op the Welt Inds, A) A briefe note of a voyage to the Ea/t Indies , begun the 10 of April 
el aed . 5 1591, wherein were three tall ſhips, the Penelope of Captaine Raimond, Ad- 
ont El palais 1 . malt the Merchant ropail, whereof was Captaine, Samuel Foxcrof?, Viceadmitall, the 
e night we ſeüm Me Edward Bonauenture, whereof was C aptaine, M. ames Lancaſter, Rereadmirall, with a 
Englich dpppeo Fe fmall pinneſſe. Written by Henry AZay,who in his returne home ward by the +e? Jndies 
tok the tale m fuffred fhipwracke vpon the ifle of Bermuda, wherof here is annexed a large defcription, 
e,, 585 ymmouth with che ſhips aforefayn, 
uch tarauell which h get it 11 7 aah 
10 eb hae Woztugall thippe being bound for # Portugal 
at the mouthottteri he Equinoctiall, which ſerued 
8 to the Ciel bndek 
res of maloſſes ay 
vs to Cape Tiburon, 
we diſmiſſed, Chus 
JOf Jamaica, ud our 


ed the three lens of 
re we found no people, 
oztoiſes; andofthem 
ulleſt ofegges where: 
turtle doves, wilde 
Dorrientes on Cuba to 


ugas, iouttahing ¢ambique, where the Poꝛtugels of the tile of Mocambique fetch all their freth water. 

uba. There we tooke tooke a pangaia, with A Woztugall boy in it; which is avelil likea barn; Mie en 

erteine died poke tut Coco nut leaues. The barge is ſowed together with the rindes of trees, and pinned with wood⸗ 

B 2oorebiness Chen den pinnes, In this pangaia we had terteine cone called millio, hennes, and ſome fardels of ble 

hides, indico, ¢falf Calicut cloth. Che Poztugall boy wetooke with vs, and diſmiſſed the reit. From this place we 
e Ealttorheoldch fe Went foꝛ an illand called Comoro, vponthe coatt of Melinde, which ſtandeth about 11 degrees to The ide or co · 
ilch broad clock gocher the South oF che equinoctial + in which illand we tape all 2ouember, finding the people blatkke 

e lo IUleſterlythetwve ie 15 very comp, but very treacherous and cruell: fo2 the dap befope we departed from thence they 

pats laden with tortie leo chittp of our men onſhoze, among wbom twas William Mace our maſter, and two of his 

je. Chen at lenzihve mates; theune of them being in the boat with him to fetch water, the other being on fhore aquinſt 

youres fight they dutt⸗ pried chep bauing fir betrayed our boat, From hence we went forche ille ol Zanzibar, on Cher Wintes 
ing e 4 ie of Melinde, whereas wee ſtayed and Mintered vntill the beginning of Febzuaryfol⸗ Zune ot 

f the intrraling o ö e 74 iT atic ; : 
¢amercellenebarbout, FAS 1 Ie of Febzuary 1592 wee wepen anker, and fet faile directly for the Ealt In- 

‘ile , where de found ies; but hauing calmes and » Wee were vntill the moneth of June before wee 

igs, Aswecamentt f fechn dianeeteCalicut; wherebp many of our men died fo want of re« 

les, which bad follow San 6. In this monech of June tue came te an anker at the leg ok Puts pinaom, whereas we Che ile ot 

: but wee made lun a e Che fivit dan of September, our men being berylicke, and dying apace, This day we Pele pinsom, 
oer, with their grt f, and directed our courte fo2 Malaca: and wee had not bene farre at ſea, but wee tooke a 

ues of chishordaud g dive 


fleet, and captaie 
* Roberts 


her: which had in her facke, Canarp-wine, muſcadell, tent in iarres, 


and good Lore of oile in 


rat Quiten- Quitangone 


ward of Mo- pitt . 


ol the kingdome ol Pegu of ſome ſoureſcoze tunnes with wooden ankers, and about fifti 
upp a e and about fifti 
ö we her, with a pinneſſe of fame ne, at her ſtearne, both laben with stoner, 
2 B 


ut 


57% 


Nee 


Cope Tiburon. 


Iz Ouanabs · 


The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, Henry Mdyy, 


But their pinnelle tole from vs in a guſt in the moꝛning. Mere we might haue taken two lhipnes 
moze of Pegu laden libewiſe with pepper and rice. In this moneth allo we tooke a great Pit 
gall hip of fir oꝛ ſeuen hundꝛev tun, laden chiefly with victuals, cheſts of hats, pintados, and Cx 
licut clothes, Welivesthis we tooke another Portugal ſhip of Come hundzed tun, laden with, 
tuals ite, Calicos, piutados, and other commonities, Chele (hips were bound fox Malaca tig, 
victuals ; fo2 thofe of Goa, of S. Thomas, and of other places in the Indies doe victuall it, berauſt 
that victuals there are very ſcarce. 

In the moneth of Nouemberu 592 we ſhapen our courſe fo2 the illand of Nicubar lpingtt 
teine leagues to the Noythwelt of the famous illand of Sumatra; whereas within Kort time wee 
came to anker: and here wee had very good refrething : fod alter wee arriued there, the pont 
(wbom we found in reli ion Mahumetans) came aboogd vs in their canoas, with hennes, coch, Te 
plantans, and other fruiis: and within two dayes they brought vnto vs reals or plate, gings one okt 
them for Calicut cloth: which reals they found by dining in the ſea, which were lof not long iy 
fore in two Poztugall Hips which were bound foz China, ¢ were caſt away there. This waste 
furtheſt place that we were at to the Southeaſt: and heere becaule our companp by this time mys 
much walten and diminiſhed, we refolued to turne backe to the ille of Zeilan. Tiberfoze we wep 
ed anker in the moneth of Nouember, and arriued at Zeilan about the end ok the fame monet, 


5 
=. 
a 
1 


In this illand groweth great fore of excellent cinamom, and the belt diamonds in the um rather t. 
ere our captaine meant to Gap to make vp our voyage: whereof bee conteluev great hope, ) we wer 
terteine intelligence which wee had receiued; but the company, which were in all but zum bim wha 
and boxes, being in a mutiny, and euery dap ready to go together by the eares (the captatne be a pur men 
licke and like fo to vie) would not ay, but would needs go home. winde: 

Che Sof December 1 592 we (et {aile home ward but ſome 15 dayes before we hadlightoty das giuet 
capeof Good hope, we were forced to ſhare our bread, by reaſon we had certeine flies indurhy, Me rp {ert 
which deuoured molt part of our bead before we were aware: fo that when we came to ng, et ſailet 
we had but 31 pound of bꝛead a man to carp vs into England, with a ſmall quantity ofticanp, He they law 

The laſt ol March 1593 we doubled the cape of Bona Speranga. Frenchn 

An Apꝛil next inſuing we came to anker it the illand of S. Helena, hereas we found nen · ber thꝛee 


lich man a tailer, which had bene there 1.4 moneths belfoꝛe we came thither: lo we lending dur bun p Lucland 
on ſhoze with lame ten men, they found this Engliſh man in the chapell; who by realon ofthe that cher 
of the climat was infozted to keepe himſelfe out of the Dun. Our company hearin; mung in baat: an 
the chapell, ſuppoling it had bene ſome Portugal, thꝛuſt open the dooze, and went in ohm: day nett 
but the pooze man ſeeing fo many come in vpon him on the ſunden, and think ing ehem to be Poy vs, but he 
tugals, was ſirſt in ſuch a feare, not hauing ſeene any man in 14 moneths befoze, and afterwarns tf ted to ha 
knowing them to he Englichmen, and ſome of them of his acquaintantce, in ſuch iop, that what bee them wit 


tweens excefline ſudden feare c iop, he became diſtracted of his wits, to our great {opts here ol them, 
we found of his dꝛying ſome 40 goats, The party had made him fop want of appatell two ſutes Barbotie 
of goats ſkinnes with the hairp fine out wards, like vnto the Sauages of Canada. here wel He Cher 
ed all this moneth. This man liued vntill we came to the Welk ladies, and then he died. F quettentt 


In the moneth of June 1593 we arrived at the illand of Trinidad in the Well Indies, oping tbe ownet 
there to finve refreſhing: but we could not get any, by reaſon that the Spanyards had taken, day we to 
Were we were imbaped betweene the ifland and the maine; and foz want ol victuals thecompay N nauy, whe 
would haue forfaken the ſhip: whereupon the captaine was inforced to ſweare euctp man notte The l 
fopfake the ſhip vntill we ſhould ſee further occaſion. Dut of this bay, called Boca deDragone, in Hifpan 
it pleafen God to deliuer vs; from bohence we directed our courte koꝛ the ille of S. luan dePuerto wpon the J 
rico, but fell with the ſmall ille ol Mona, where we above fome fiftcene dapes, findinginths at noone to 
placefome final refrething. And heere arriurd a thip of Caen in Normandy, whereof was cay were out e 
taine one Monfieur Charles de la Barbotiere, who greatly refreſhed vs with bread and other pu: Re being, asi 
uifion, which we greatly wanted. And ſo we tooke our leaues the one of the other. bau, being 

In Duly hauing foule weather at Mona, we were fozted to wey anker, and tofetfaile,rirects BRE and A hein, 
ing our courfe fo Cape Tiburon: and in doubling of the cape we had a guſt from the ſhche, wbich tobe one of 
taried away all our alles from the yards: ſo that we had lett but one new fopecourſetohepe ur e were ra 
felues withall : which canuas the aforefapd Frenchman did helpe vs withall, Allo haung don. f With our bo 
bled che fozelapd cape in the diſtrelle afapenamed, the forfapd capitan de la Barborierewithbi of ama 
pinneſte gaue chale vnto bp againe; wha being come nere vnto bs, Z went abo d him reifte en ito 
him what vittrelle we were in. The gentleman replied to me againe,that there was not any thing i chep tha 
in bis ſhippe, but what he could (pare he would helpe va withall. Oo to conclude, we agreed oi) FT mot full of 
him fo2 canuax. Moztouer. he apn chat if we would go with him to an harbour called ee Hat it toon 


„Henry My, Henry May, Traffiques & Difcoueries. 


— —— — —— — — — 

haue taken two thipnes which is ta the Aonthward of Cape Tiburon , that then be would helpe va with kreſh victuals e⸗ 
ve taoke a great Pom nough. Uher eupon A returned aboozd our ſhiy, and certified our captaine of all: who made it 
ats, pintados, and Cx knoWwen vnto the company; which no fooner heard of i, but they would all goin, So here we ſtai · 
ed tun, laden with pic. ed with the afoze laid frenchman 15 dapes: but ſmall relreſhing we could get, becaule the Spa⸗ 
bound for Malac bit) niards Rood in ſome feare of the Frenchman ok war, ſuppoſing our ſhiy to bea Poztuga, and that 
doe victuall it, Lecaniy 


we were his prize: neuertheleſſe hee certilied them to the contrary. And in Raping fo long with 
him, and hauing little refreſhing, our company began to be in a mutiny, and made report that the 


Dof Nicubar lying taptaine ¢ A went abooyd the Frenchman but to make good cheere, and had not anp care ot them: 
within Hoge time ut but Ipꝛoteſt befope God, that our care was to get victuals wherby we might haue bene gone from 
riued 155 » the people him, But in the meane time a great part of our company had canſpired to take away the French⸗ 
is, withhennes, coca, 


tals of plate, giuingw 
h were Loft not longle 
ap there. This hast 
npanp by this time vn 
n. Tiber fore went 
nd ok the lame money, 
iamonds in the won, 
nteiues great hope, tp 
were in all but 33 mm 
res (the captaine being 


eloze we had fight oftty 
erteine flies inen ch, 5 g g vs paſt, weyed and 
en we came to arn fet alle ta go foꝛ England: and they did ſhare among them all the captaines victuals ¢ mine, when i} 
quantity ofticany, Fe they fata the Frenchman keepe vs as prifoners, So the next moꝛning we went to leeke out the iH 
Frenchmans pinneſle: which being at Laguna we ſhot offa piece, ꝶ ſo ſhe came to ts, hauing in 

reas we found ine her thee moꝛe of ourtampany, Edmund Barker dur lieutenant, and one John Welt, and Richard 
lo we fendingourtt p Lucland one of the mutinous crew. The which J told the Frenchmanofe he could not deny, but 
bo by reaſzuoltgeer HEE that there was luch a thing pꝛetended. Then J was put into the French pinneſſe to leeke their 
any beat r ü n boat: and inthe meane time they would go to leeil they could ouertake our ſhippe. And the next 
and went in onto hm: bay we ſhould meet againe at Cape S. Nicolas: ſo the next moꝛuing we met together all thee of 
nking ehem to be Boy vs, but heard no newes ol his boat. Do he hauing Spanpards and Negros abooꝛd of vs, reque⸗ 
before, and afterwards fedtohaue them, Dur captaine delired him to fend his boat abooꝛd our hippe, and he ſhould haue 
Much iop, charbyucher e them with all his beart. Do with much adoe he lent his boat and had them. Then he demanded 
ir great Copies here ol them, ikhis boat were not abooꝛd the ſhip. They anſwered no. Oo that then Monſieur de la 
nt ok apparell two (utes | Barbotiere was (atiffieo : and then we were great friends againe, to all our topes, 
Sanada. Were we Laps The 12 of Auguet 1593 our captaine was ſent abauoꝛd our ſhip: but befoze bis departure he ree 
then he died. gueſtev the captaine of the French ſhip that he would giue mee pallage home with him, tocertifie 
he Welt Indies, hoping the owners what had paſſed in all the voyage, as alfoof the vnrulineſle o the company, And this 
panparvs hab takentt, day we tooke our leaues the one of the other; the Edward for England: and we bare in fo Gone 
of victuals the company nauy, Where afterwards we found the Frenchmans boat. 1 
weate eucty mannotts Ehe lack ol Nouember 1593 Monſieur de la Barbotiere departed from a port called Laguna 
led Boca deDragone, in Hiſpaniola. Che 17 of December next inſuin 
fle of S. Juan dePuerto 
DALES ; ince pet, 4 ta 
ndy, whereof was Su they demandedokhim their wine o the whi ad. And 
. being, as it ſhould feem : pili ly 
be other, 
, and to let faile,pirect: 
lt from the hove, which 

forecourferobelpeout 
hall, Allo having vow 
ela Barborierewithbis FF 
t abOO LD him 
ee aptaine being entrentheboat, called me onto him being at hand, f 
nclude, we i gentre gat, called me vnto him being at hand, fo 
our called woe What it Rood vpon life 03 death: and ſo J ppeſentiy mae leauing the better halfe of our con ** 

3 to 


beg Voyages, e Sir Robert Daddy, 


to the mercpof the lea. After this we rowed all the day vntil an houte oz two before night yer we 
Che deicriotie could come on land, towing the rate with the boat, EUhen we came on hope , being all the dy 
Bermuda, without dzinke, euerp man tooke his way to (ee if he could finde any: but it was long befcde any 
was found. At lengtd one of the pilots digging among a company of weeds found freſh wattt 1, 
all our great comforts, being only rane water: and this was all the kreſh water that we found a 
ſhoꝛe. Wut there are in this Illand many fine bayes, wherin ila man did vig, I chinke there mige 
be lolid ſioze of freſh water. This Wand is diuided all into bꝛoken Janos: and the greater pin 
mcd I was vpon, which might be ſome 4 02 5 miles long, and 2 miles ¢ a halle over; being all wong 
de fanmaot as Cevat ę other timber, but Cedar isthe chieleſt. Nl it plealed Gon before our thip bro tpi, 
tools was that we ſaued our carpenters tooles, oz els I thinke we had bene there to this day: ann hauing ry. 
couered the alozeſaid tooles, we went roundlp about the cutting Downe of trees, & in the end bu 
Ae a {malt barke of ſome 18 tun, ſoꝛ the mot part with tronnels and very few nailes. As fo2 Caching 
ir but tus we made a voyage aboorn the (hip before the (pli: , anv tut Downe ber Grotwds,and fo we tackin 
nifyed, our barke, and rigged her. In ſtead ol pitch we made lime, and mixer it with the fle ol toptoifiy 
and affoone as the carpenters had calken, J and another, with ech of vs a ſmall ſticke in our hans, 
did plaiſter che moter into the leames, and being in Appil, when it was warm and faire weatht, 
we could no ſooner lap it on, but it was dp, and as hard as a fone. In this moneth of April 159 
the weather being very hot, we were alrayd our water ſbould faile vs; and therſode made then 
halte away: and at otir Departure we were conſtrained to make two great chell s, and calked chm, 
and ſtoweb them on ech fide of our maine maſt. and lo put in our prouifion of raine- water, ann; 
Moss tn Ber. lite toꝛtoiſes fop our food, for our voyage which we intended to Newfoundland, In the Sou} 
La part of this Band of Bermuda there ate hogs, but they are fo leane that you tan not eat them, y 
teaſon the Illand is fo barren: but it yeeldeth great Nope of fowle, fit) and toztoiſes. Ando 
1 U f par Caltward of the Alland are very good harbours , fo chat u ſhippe of 200 tun map ride there lun 
l locked, without any danger, with water enougb. Alo in this Alland is as good filbing fop praries 
as is any in the Weſt Indies, but that the place is ſubiect to foule weather, as thundering ihr 
ning and raine: but in Apꝛil and part of Pap we had very faire and hot weather. The 1iolchey 
it pleated God to fet vs cleere ot the Jlland, to the no little ioy of vs all, after we had lind uche 
fame almoli the ſpate of 5 moneths. And the 20 of Map we fell with the land nere to Cape hn. 
ton, where we ran into a freſh water riuer, whereof there be many, and tooke in wood, warte m 
888 ballaſt. A np here the people of the countrep came vnto vs, being clother all in furs, with thefure 
ton ble raffte fide vnto their (hing ,¢ bꝛought with them furres of lundzy (opts to fell, beſides great ftopcol wily 
ot red turres Ducks: ſu lome of our company hauing ſaued fome {mall beads, bought ſome of their pucks, Here 
doe Raped not aboue foure houres, and lo deyarted. This ſhould leeme to be a very good counttey, 
And we law very fine champion ground, and woads. From this place we ranne fon the bankeof 
Newfoundland, whereas we met with divers, but none would take in a man of va, vntil it plea 
Cen God that wee met with a barke of Fal mouth, which receiuen vs all fox a little time; and with 
ber we tooke a French Hip, wherein J left capitan de la Barbotier my deere friend, ann ill his 
tompany, and ſtayed my lelfc abooꝛd the Cnglity barke: and hauing pallage in the fame, inthe 
moneth of Auguſt J arriued at Falmouth 1594. 


A voyage of the honourable Gentleman M. Robert Duddeley, now 
knight, to the Iſle of Trinsded,and the coaft of Paria: with his returne home 
by the Illes of Granata, SantaCrux, Sant Inan de puerto rico, Mona, Zacheo, thehoalds 
called Abroojos, and the ifle of Bermuda, In which voyage he and his company 
and ſunke nine Spanith fhips,wherof one was an of 600 tunnes. Written athe 
requeſt of M. ‘Richard Haklayt. 


Rot Auing ener ince I could conceiue of anp thing bene delighten with the vifconeriesof 
ay navigation, J fottered in my ſelte that vifpofition till J was of moze peres ano bettet 
N abllity to vndertake ſuch a mutter. To this purpoſe J called to me the aduſe o 
Ze cient kemnen, and principally bnvertooke a voyage for the South feas ; but by realm 
that manp before han miltaried in the lame enterpzile, Bcoulonot be (ufferenco hasarommore of 
ber Maieſties lubterts vpon lo vncerte ine a ground as my defire : which made me by coultrrit 
(great charges alteavy by me deftaped) to prepare another courte fo} che Weft Indice, wt 
hope there to doe any thing wooꝛth note: and ſo common is it indeed to many, as it is not 
che regiitring. Neuertheleſſe, I haue peclven to pour ko mer impoꝛtunity, and ſent por this ur 
tournall to lupyiy a vacant roome amongtt pour moze important viſcourſes. ow 


sig ati A 2 * ‘ 
22 EES Si eS 


ort Duddeley, 


Sas Satna it mtorr nantes 
. we 
ode, being allt 

ft wastans ben 
found kreſh water tp 
pater that we found n 
I thinke there migty 
and the greatett pr 
ouerz being all woos, 
loge our Ship dn ips, 
is day: and haung re 
trees, in the end dul 
nailes. As fo? tachling 
wos, and fo we tackin 
ich the olle of toytuiſtz 
ull Micke in our ham, 
um and faire weather, 
moneth Of April 159 
therfoze made themoy 
hefls,and calken then, 
of raine- water, abi 
idland, In the Hon 
ou tan not eat them y 
Deortoifes. Amt 
un may Les Hatt 
good fiſbing fon pearies 
, as thunder lies 
acher. The 11 0fSBap 
ter we had lind ine 
land nere to Cape hi. 
She in wood, watt m 
in kurs, with theſmmn 
fides great foprof wily 
ne of their Ducks, Here 
ra very coodcountey, 
t ranne fop the beckeof 
nan of vs, bncillitpleae 
palittle time; mbit 
etre friend, ans all his 
age inthe Came, inthe 


t Duddeley, now 
h his returne home 
1, Zacheo, the thoalds 
nd his company tooke 
unnes. Writtenatthe 


with the vifconeries of 
F moze peres ano betet 
o me the aduſt of 

uch (eas esis 
fferedto 0 
mude me bp conti 
Weſt dee 

any, as it 

p, and Cerne port this ip 


f. Nou 


E 


St ia ed 


5 


Kir Robert Duddeley. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


375 


Munck iu the Beares ¶ elpe vite· admirall, 
Earewig paſſed shzough the Needles, and within two vayes after bare in wich Plimmouth, 5 
buulſmes at this pont · ton niſpatched, i let ſaile; whither againe by contrary winds to my great 
miffortune, I was inſoꝛced to te turne backe. A might call it miffortune ; for by this meanes I ves 
teriy( con all the vopage lott my vice · admirall which was the caule ltkewile of looſing mine owne 
pinneſle, which thaee were the pꝛinctpall tay of Mp bopage, Foz at this loft leauing ol England 
maſtoꝛme q lod mine owne pinneſle, as is befopeſaid. Notwithſtanding all theſe crolles all alone 
J went wandering on my vopage (ailing along the coaſt of Spaine within view of Cape Finifter, 
and Cape S. Vincent, the Noꝛthj & Mouth capes of Spaine, In which {pace having many chaſes, 
Icoulo meet with none but my coũtreymen oz countreps friends, Leauing theſe Spanich choꝛes 
A directed my courſe the 14. ot December cowards the illes of the Canaries Here Fingered 12 
bapes fortwo reafons : Cheone,in hupetomette mp bice-abmical: Che other, to ger ſome veel aan eg Bente. 
uu temone my peſtered men into, who being 140. almott in athip of 200. tunnes, there grew ma⸗ 9 fn of 
up ſicke. The Bett hope was krutkratew becaute mp bice-abmival mas returned inta England with Aude eee 
©) tino ppizes, Che ſecond expectation fell out to our great comfoꝛt:foꝛ J tooke two very fine Cara- tea gane pn 
ven buder the ralmenof Tenerif and Palma, which bolh refrethed and amenoed my company, and urs bpan 
mademe a Fleece of 3,failes, In the one 


the 
fe 
1 1 5 


continued my purpole faz the Let Indies md of thie dbu 


an ball 


Che Si 


country is fertile, and ful okfruits, ſtrange b 
time about dilcouering the maine 


enpfe fro one captaine Harper which beingappitoner 


© (onof the rot infectious ſerenas ox dewes that fall all along theſe 
Mater Abraham Kendall to ſhape his courſe directlp foꝛ the ille of 
uhich after 2. dayes we deſcried, and the fitſt of Febzuary came to an an 
el called Curiapan, in a bay which was verp full of pelicans and J called it Pelicans bay. 


o encounter withall, hauing 


beatts and people which be tawnp Moores, ſo wilde, as they would but call to 
the hope, tubo road very nere it. But not delicous to make any lon 


allure vs it was Caluori, which ſignilieth gold with them. Thee Indians 
gentle people, al naked ¢ painted red, their cõmanders wearin 
div okten retort into my chip, e bꝛought vs hennes, hogs, plantans, 
other pꝛetie commodities, which they exchanged with vs fo hatchets,knines,bookes, belle, and 
Glallebuttons, From this bay 2 fell downe lower to aplacec 
cher to rwe, becaute it was a cõuenient place to water, balaſt 
Fcommanden al my men to lye on hone, after J had caufen 


merones 


long marches vpon the plano 


learned of the 


ee 
5) MONE Tpep march 
bbeblthe plans to theother, which was ume miles: going and cumming from one be 
tous thiche wood (op Cis mot par aftheplam)anlonging mptaietntonens eee 84257 
eaſta. and ' 


sbabions & parats 


8, wherent 
wert great abundance, Being muchoelighten with this pland,ano meaning to ſtay here ſome 
right againt the lame (the entrance 0 


— into the empiteof Guiana) 


who reteiuev the diſcouerpokthe Caine Captatne Hes, 
Spaniards 


ker vnder a point theres 


ground, graue my Carauels. Chen 


Bran 


venemous lizards, with ſome wilde 
4 0 e 
ger aboad in this place, by reas pe yl of ni. 
coatts of Africa, Icauled my 3 
Trinidad in the Wick Indies; 


About nta de Curia. 
e golde “* 
though the Indians din 


ze of 
Aare 


ndian townes. The Geb. ‘4 


pers inteiligenss 


at the Canaries of Guise. 
in 


TheEngiith Voyages, &c. Sir Robert Dudaeih. 


in the Celfe Came maner almoſt, as fir Walter Rale gh very difereetlp path witten. The intel 
gence of — 75 conceiue, the Captaine hath pet to ſhew in Ypanilb. This diſcouery of Guisn, 
vis tuo Ca · J greatly deüred: pet leat A ſhor c aduenture all occaſions vpon it onelp, I {ent my two Ci 
— 81.44 uels krom me the 17. day ol Febzuarp, to try their foꝛtunes in the Indies, not appointing auy arte 
dias, plate to meet but England furnithing them with all che pꝛouiſion that J could {pare,and dunn 
my victuals equally withthem, knowing they were able to do moze good in the Indies then grey 
ter hips, The Carauels being gone, I began to enquire priuacelp of the Srauages concerning 
the maine ouer againſt vs, and learned that the names of the kingdomes topning tothe Ser. ald 
perp teny J were in oꝛder thefe, The kingdom of Morucca,the kingbome of Scawano,thekingvome of Wa 
Waker Rateghs liame,the kingdom of Caribes the kingdome of Vguitie, and right agatntt the Mogtbhermot an 
r Trinidad, the maine was called The high land of Paria, the reff a very lowe land. Moruccoy 
Sir Walter Ra- Learned to bee full of a greene fone called Tacarao, which is good koz the ſtone. In Seawanoy 
leghipeaketh beard ot a Mme of gold to be in atowne called Wackerew, the Captainen name Semaracon, f 
Wikeiin bis Waliame J will ſpeake laſt, becaule therein J made mot diſcouery. The Caribes J tearnnyy 
diſconery. he man- eaterg 0 Canibals, and great enemies to the Allanvers of Trinidad. The king dome tl. 
a guiri J heard to be full ok a metall calles by the Indians Arara, which is either topper (as J um 
learne) oꝛ very bale gold. In the high land of Paria J was inkoꝛmed bydiuera ot theſe loan, 
that there was fome Perota, which with them is filuer and great ſtoꝛe of moſt excellent Cane . 
his Indians bacco. But lalllp to come co Waliame it is the firſt kingdome of che empire ol Guiana. The gu 
namewas sl weaich which N vnberftood to be therein, and the udlurance that A bad bp an indien, men 
tertyard gaue preter, of a golden Mine in a towne ol this kingdome called Orocoe, in the River (as he calle 


Au ar 45 the gf Owrinoicke was much to be eſteemed. This Ind! aa ſpabe Spaniſh, and what loeuer he iny, 


meat nee, he reueiled it to my Cele onelp by apriuate interpreter, not in wozds alone,butoffercd bro 


ok life to be guide himlelfe to any place that he ſpake of, This dilcouery of the Mine J mentions 
to my company, who altog ether mutined againſt my going, becaule they lomet hing terer rn 
lany of Abraham Kendal, who would by no meanes go. J then wanted my lol pinneſſe am wag 
conſtrained to lend 14. men in my chip · boat for this viſcouery, with moſt of che viferectitmenin 
my ſhip. x gaue them their directions to follow, witten vnder mine owne hand. They wentitom 
me, and entred into one of the mouthes by the bꝛoken lands, which riuer goeth vuder the nameof 
the great Riuer Orenoque the foreland wherof was called Capulio bearing South ¢ by Met, 
wanting a lourth part, fromthe point ef Curiapan afogeſaid, being 4. leago dient, Thy und 
the maine (as China is repopted ) full of freth Riuers running one into another abounding wit 
ſich, and a land al woody, Ceeming to haue great ſtoꝛe of ſtrange beafts and louleg, x very populous, 
Chey entred into a (mall riuer called Cabota, the people named Veriotaus, a courtecus peopl, 
Sriueccalled The next river they patted was called Mana in the hingbome of Tiuitiuae, where the hing oftr 
Fhe riverot to being a Canoa full of this golden oare, and to this purpoſe ſent a Canoa, which returndany 
eee brought mp menthis anlwere, that Armago Captaine of the towne of Orocoa andthe Pine tes 
Tatum are fuled them, but ik they would come thither, hee himſelfe would make them and wer, Upon this 
bor bp dt Wa. my boat went, and at his appointed place hee met them withlome 100. men in Canoas andtolde 
eerRalegh. them that by force they ſhould haue nothing but blomes, pet if they would bainghimbatchets, 
kuiues, and Jewes · harps. he bid them allure me, he had a Mine of gold, and could refine it, wou 


trade with me: for token whereof he ſent me 3,0) 4. Croiſſants 02 balfe moones of gold weighing 


A people a noble a piece op moze, and two hꝛattlets ot ſiluer. Allo he told them ok another rich nation thet 


3 {prinkled their bodies with the poulder of golde, and ſeemer to be guilt, and forte bepondibema 


their company too fewe to ſtay among theſe Soauages, and their victuall ſpent, returner, Chis 


Balthazar mp Indian their guide ranne from them: which diſtreſſe caufen themto boprowolAre & 
mago newe guides, who bꝛoughe them home another way through a River called Brahabpthe | 


high land of Paria, and foto mp Hip, Chepaccompted Orocoa 150. miles diſtant, ſo they rowed 
iu my boate aboue 250,miles, Their abſence from mee was 16,dapes , making but one nights 
aboad any where. The report of this made mee artempt mp company to goe with them again. 
But nowe they were worle then before ; for vnleſle I would haue gone my felfe alone, not one 
man would goe with me (no albeit J had had commiſſion to hang oꝛ kill them) fox my men came 
dome in verp pitikull cale almoſt dead fo) famine; and indeed fuch was their mifery, asthe 
Dpanke not in thꝛee Dapes, fo fo long tbey were dut ol the fret Miners, befoge cher tetsu 
the ſhippe, and yet the boat was fille with as much virtual, as it could bolbe. 


Gthistime of mp boates allence there came tome aypinnette st Plimmouth,of which Cm IE 
taine Popham befoje named was cpicfe, who gaue vs great comfoyt, And ifa W 5 


pin 


ſcatter many fleet 


great towne called El Dorado, with many other things. My men being fatiffied, and thing 


Sir Rober 


Walter Ralegh ( 
aur intelligence: 


mancker at Cap 
kill with the plant 
| rico bup rp 


of Flores and Cue 


| Paiettic my ſouer 


but finding none, 
Returning alo 


great Armada oft 


{ible foy her to efca 
peda 3 


In this vop 
was! 


Here fol 
whic 
Vttemoc 
Tabairo, 


rah, Oꝛ D 
Deſſie . 


Daſereth. o D 
Dalacouck 15 


— 2 — | . 7 
Duddely, Sir Robert Duddele . Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 
— — 

n. The intel 
duerp of Guisn, 
u my two Cary 
inting aup athe 
are, and diu 
1 uing the epep depart 
ages toncenmg to the fromm the ple 
tothe Ses tut Me 7 

ngdome of Wi. 
Lozthermot pix 
nd. Morucco 4 
Ii Seawanoy 
}emaracon, Cf 
bes J tearneny 
hing dome. 
pper(as Jon 
ok theſe Indian, 
cellent Cane. u. 
uiana. The gur 
dian, mine ine: 
t (as he calleni) 
tſocuer he kun 
Tercd vponpm fae 
ine J mention athe 
ng feared thers board £02 tivo vapes, 
pinneſſe an wag of fire hund eth 
rifcreettmenin Fi 
They went ftom 
nder the name of ep dtd 
M angeroullpi at fogge the rocks ol Silly, Coral 
int, U mägre ogg ly. ee Sap 13591 
3 — Thus by een of Hon landing ſafely, A was kinde ly inte rtained by allmpfriendtz, 

t very populous, and after a hope time learned move certaintie of the linking of that great thippe, being alſo repu⸗ 

urtecus people, ted rich by diners intelligences out of Spaine: which we then ſuppoled not, ¢ were doubtfull whee 

e the king offered ther the had bin of Bifcay oz S. lohn de Luz in France laden with fh onely from Newfoundland, 


to leaue her, pet in 
ees Oꝛzdinance 


ich returned ad An this voyage J and my fleete tooke , funke and burnt nine Spaniſh hips; which 
ig 0 5 was — — 

tt, U e e e 
Canoas anptobe Here follow certaine wordes of the language of Trinidad 
ing him baccets, which I obferued at my being there. 
y refine it ¢ would ; 5 
of gold weighing | Vttemock. Aman. Dacutti Che fete, 
rrichnation, chit i Tabairo,Daba- I Che heare of Cattie The moone, 
re bepondihem a rah, O; Dabatra. & ones head. Taurarobb Atope. 
fed, anoehinking | Deſſie Che forehead, Arkeano Apaire of ctʒetx. 
„ teturmv. Th Daſereth. aj Dacoſi An eye. Weeush T 
ibo bool Au. Dalacoack Themouth, 
illed Braba bp the § 
ant, ſo they rowed 
g but one nights 
with them game. 
ke eee 
fox np ment 
ir milery asthe 


ae chip recente 


rata 4 
n 
4 aren 5 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Sir Amias Prein. sir Amia 


Iacoraoa green ſtone. f; Atrara copper. Hicket Fire. 3Walrowa A parrot, : 

Caulpiri i Aubtte Rone, } Vreit Tad, Manu Acombe. ling purfuing 
Caſparo A ftvoy,2 STibetebe cockles, Addoth A liche. — 2 
Matrahabo a bow. q iS emato an arrow, Barrennaire A button, oz bears, pin 75 a 
Huculle Abow. fring, Curaballa ¢Sibath,fop 2 fundpy ſtoneg: Taten 
Halete A Potato roote. but Sibath in general ſignilieth a fone, 
Caerwoda A ſwecte root. Tolletillero bels. f VIlaſſo a Tuny- uh, 
Mauriffe in 25 A baſket. Bohery A flying ih. ? J Bara Tater, 


into captaine S 
Tenerife the f 
land in our bo 
ſelues. Here w. 


Yeddola A knife, 3Sambolers A hat. Fladdalle The Dunne, Preſton: antl 


Beyou A pipe.; 3Callic Byzead. Babage-Canoafeen The maner of 


dhe wameot Gronuie Cater, the Indians baiting of atbip, calling fe. “Muse cobaue 
ene Arrguecon Apatre of cizzers. kalter the name af heir Canon I ogeber wi 
treme ta be be) Heldaro A ſpoone. Non quo, O; I know not, DO 


this mold. 


enſung, we art 


: ung this, that t 
Hemachugh A bead which they eate, J L Non quapa J cannot tell. a 4 Bont 


The victorious voyage of Captaine Amias Prefton now knigh 8 ae ay 
and Captaine George Sommers to the Welt India, begun in March 15 ME) ierein — 
Wherein the yle of Puerto Santo, the yle of Coche neere Margarita, te fort and town Pi fick men bathed 
of Coro the ſtately city of S. Igo de Leon were taken ſacked and burned, and the tom and fomeching t 


of ( umana tanfomed,& Jamaica entred. Written by Robert Danie one of the company, 1s lailing Bout 


Aptaine Amias Preſton, and capts. e Sommers, both valiant gentlemen zal the Teftigos¢a 
creet commanders, lying ready with two tall (hips, the Aſcenſion andtht t, was. The 18 u 
and a ſmall pinneſſe at n the {pace ok a moneth attending team 3 
ming of captaine Iones their confogt, wyich in al that time, thzough the bad nea: 
lung of thole which be put in trult, could not make bis Shep in readines, aconing 
to his appointment, the 12. ol March 1595 ſet lo: ward on their voyage iy pe 
Wielt Indies. Tle with captaine Iones in the Derling, and Captaine Prowse in the Angel fol under the main 
lowed atter them the 19. ol the laid moneth, The laſt or Marc aine Preſton by glu chte bout bꝛeake of d 
to a ſalle, was ſeparated from captaine Sommers, and his pinnelſe, fo that they vtterly lol fighter) come fri Marga 
ok other: whereupon captain Preſton in his thip alone, reſoluev :o furppife the ple of Puentolano, dap, and then ret 
and ſhoꝛtly after came befoze the lame. Chis pland fanveth in the Moꝛtherly latitude fz de. niaros and Neg 
grees, and lieth to the Noꝛthward of the ple of Madera, and is inhabited by old ſouldters whachthe on this iland the 
kings of Portugal were wont to reward fo their foꝛmer olde ſeruices, by placing okthemthert. mullets and oth 
This pland is rich in coꝛne, wine, x oile: and hath good fore ok ſheey, alles, goats & kine they huue . La garto, md by 
alſo plenty of foules,fithes e fruits. Captaine Prefton cOming before this pland with one fiponlp tatle,and a wide 
ſought with 2. long boats to land his men ¢ to force the lame: but the people were on open ware 16 foot, ſome 2. 
like arrap, with baricados ¢ trenches made, ready to withſtand them. The rupon cenſdering the in the water. 7 
great danger, and diſaduantage of the place, he cauſed his people to returne abogD againe, Aud the haue landed: but 
next morning 3 02 4 houres before dap, he landed in a plate of greater ſecurity, with sommonely, till daylight. Ir 
who lapclolely in a chapel, to defend themlelues krom the raine til bzeak of the day, anv fomarcheo we plied too ant 
forward vpon the backs of their enemies, which kept their baricados vpon the hore, Bythistine Cbeſe 2 ſailes ce 
the enemie was 8 oo ſtrong. But, being fo ſuddenly ſurpꝛiled, alter ſome relictante atdurm· vs. and ſent theit 
kets, when they law our pikes appꝛoch. and had taſted ſome what of theit force they beganto erin there, x had ſecre 
to tertaine thickets e ſhzubs, thinking from thence to gall our men: but with verp litle o nololle t not at our firtt 
at all, our men dillodged them of that plate alſo. Here upon, they all fled toward the chiefe towncot with vs, and told 
the pland: but once agatne they thought to make a new ſtand at a certaine houſe bp the vy um land vs, but that 
whente they were repulſed by captaine Roberts. Soo in the flight part of them were laine ada i burne and ſpoilk! 
eye pst enligne which one captaine Harucy an Englich man had loft not long befoze, was recourrensand i wanted. So our ¢ 
Puerto Sento ta- the chiefe towne it (elfe was by our men wholly woon and poſlellev. But beloze the entranceofour But at our felt at 
pedal oped a men they had conueighed their wiues, their childzen, and the rett of their goods intoancrceeding Catauels,but fou 
mit burt. high bil which ſtanveth neere the towne, and could not be conquered, but with exceeding lofle, Al 
though they lent diuers times to redeeme their towne, which was very faire and large yet in te 
gard of their crueltie and treachery, which they wien towards captaine Harucy and hispetpl, 
captaine Preſton would thew them no fauotir, but vttei iy burnt their to wne to zihes and lent s ff 
men to walt the reſt ok their villages of the pland, preferring the honour e iuſt reuengeotbiscom ee that piate x there 
try men, before his owne pꝛiuate gaine, t cammodity. And fo with {mall pillage and great honon wings no fit place te 
be retired in laletie and all his final company with him, from che conqueren land onto his h tle head- land, ther 
But we in dur Hip met not with hin, vntil the 12,0f April following. Me eherefope iu the ie laing vg, Then 
op 


— cere 
3 Prefton, 


wa A parrot, 
Ja Acombe, 
A llicke. 
ton, oz beads, 
und y Hones; 
ifteth a lone, 
5 Tuny- lh. 
Bara Tater, 
The Dunne, 
he maner of 
athip, calling 
rCanoas, 
mow not, D 
annot tell, 


ow knigh, 
March 1593 
e fort and tom 
d, and the town 
of the company, 


gentlemen gif 
fion andthe Gif, 
ttending the com 
ough the bab ores 
Padines, acconoin 
ete Lovage foy he 
inthe Angel, fol 
on by crtuinns chute 
terly lol fighterh 
le of Puertolanto, 
latitude of33,0e. 
uldters wlichthe 
ing okthemthett. 
8 C kine:they haue 
with one hiponlp 
re on thorein ware 
on ccnfinering the 
d anaine, And the 
vith Gomennnely, 
ap, and Lo marche 
07¢, Bpthistine 
iftance of dur muls 
ep begantorieein 
erp litle oꝛ nololle 
the chiefe towne of 
e Lp the wep, ftom 
were flaine,andan 
AS retoutred and 
the entrenccofour 
3 into an cxcceding 
xteeding fofle, Al 
md large pet in tes 
uey and his peopl, 
athes,and lent his 


euengeokbis tun 


e and great honon 
land unto his ly 
prefope iu the De. 

ling 


Sir Amias Preston. Traffiques and Difcoueries. 579 


i ling purfuing our botage,bad fight ofthe ples of the Canaries the 6 of Apzil, and the 8 of the fame, 


we batered on the Southeaſtlide ofthe grand Canaria, There we met with capt. Sommers, his hey water 
> pinnetle,¢ 3 thips of Hampton, in one whereof was cap. Willis. Che 9 of April we al departed fox PPO" the gran 


A Tenerifto feeke captaine Prefton: and ſtanding ouer towards Tenerif, the 9 day at nighe J came 


ko captane Sommers (hip, Che 10 tn ehemoyning we beake our maine yard, yet we recoucren 


) Tenerife the fame dap towards night we ankered bider the Couthline of the lame. There 7 went 


was. The 18 we landed our men ¢ tooke view and mutter of all, æ t 


land in our boat, x found 02 4 fiſherboats, and i 1 one of them off. The rett bulged them ⸗ 
ſelues. ere we rode to meim our pard til the 1 1 at nig 


ts then we fet ſaile to find captaine Amias 
> Prefton: and ſtanding towards Gomera, the 12 in the moꝛning we had light ol him. Then we 


3 thougbt to haue landed in Gomera: but the wind blew ſo much, that we could not. So we departed 


altogether wich top the 13 of Apꝛil yx {er our courſe for the Welt Indies. And the 8 of ay next 


7 
ate 
3 


> en{uing, we arriued at the pland of Dominica. In all which time nothing happened vnto ba la⸗ Dominica, 
: wing this, that the 18 Bay of April at midnight, our avmiral loſt her long boat in towing IIe ſtated 


at Dominica til the 14 of Map, to refrech dur licke men. ere the Indians came vnto vs in canoas 
made of an whole tree, in ſome wherok were 3 men, in ſome 4 026,¢ in others 12 02 14, c bꝛought 
n them plant ans, pinos, and potatos, and trucke with vs, fo hatches, kniues, x ſmal beadſtoneg. 
herein vefeething of our men, we found an hot bath hard topning to a cold riuer fine: wherein our xn ercenene 


oak men bathe themlelues, and were foone rerouered of theit lickneſles. This is a goodlp pland, Ir 


und lomething high land, but al ouergrowen with woods. Che 14 we Departed from thence, x the Domes. 
16 failing Southweltward, we had light ol Granada, but landed not there. The 17 we atriued at 
the Teſtigos g: ankered there, and conforten with the 3 thips of Hampton, wherin captaine Willis The ples tal 
fame night {et ſaile away. leo Teige. 
Che ro we had ſigheok Margarita, where the Spaniards by their Indians liſh fo pearle: we ftoon 
iner nerre the rade, but law nothing there. Therefore we went no further in, but food from it 
agatne. The fame day toward night, we had light of a litle pland, betweene Margarita ꝶ the maine, 
called Coche. Me came neer it in the night with our ſhips within fome 3 leagues, x there ankered 
under the maine ſide, and about midnight we manned our pinneſles ¢ boats, and in the Morning ae 
bout beeake of day, we landed on the yland, wherin are few oz none inhabitants, but they cOmonty 
come fd Margarita in boats on the munday, and remaine there fiching fo; pearles vntill the ſatur⸗ 
dax, and then returne & carp al ther they haue taken to Margarita. here we tooke ſome kew Spa ⸗ gertaine Oya. 
wards and Negros their ſlaues with them, and had ſome fmal quantitie ok pearls. Ide remained oes 
on this iland dhe 20 and 2, in which time we went a fithing with our leine, and tooke good ftoze of inet feof 
mullets and other lich and anongtt the reſt dꝛem a ſhoze in the leine a fich called by the Spaniards 8 
Lagarto, md by the Indians Caim n, which is indeed a Crocodile, fo it bath 4 feete and a long peatte, 
tatle, and a wide mouth, and long teeth, x wil deudur men. Some of theſe Lagartos are in lengih 
16 foot, forme 20 foot, and foie 30 foot: they haue mul ke in them, and liue as wel on the land, as 
in the water, The 21 of May we departed foꝛ Cumana, thinking to haue gotten in that night to 
haue landed: but the current ſrtketh fo ſtrong out of the bay that we could not recouer the towne 
tiloaplight, In the morning r elpied 2 Cailes befoze the towne, but could not fetch them. dere 
we plied too and againe in the found all the lozenoone, but could not get vp fo farre as the towne. 
Cbeſe 2 ſailes came rome to vs alter they ſaw that we were at an anker, came ſomewhat neere 
vs, and ſent their Ckpphs aboꝛd our admiral. They were 2 flieboats of Middieburgh whichtraded Two fieboate 
there,ebavlecretlp aduertifen the country of cur comming, to our great hinverance:but we knew uewarmelhe 
eno at our fir arriuatl, Were they of Cumana perceiuing that we would land, came to parle Spaniarve of 
wich vs and rolde vs, if we would land, we might ealülp take the towne, for they ment not to with» ur comming. 
ftand vs, but that they had tatied all their goods into the mountaines, but, if we would not land to 
turne and {pottt the to wne, thep would give vs fomereafonable ranſome, and any bictuals that we 
wanted, Do our general agreed with them, receiued their ranlome, and departed without landing. Zhe rotwne of 
Butat our felt arrival in this bay, our generals long boat was fent Forth wel manned, and tooke 3 om. n 
Catauels,but found litle o nothing of value in them: ſauing in one were fore fives of bacon, and N 
lume maiz and Guiny.- wheat. pete we ſlaied til the 23 ol Map, x in the euening we lle, and 
departed krõ thence. And the 26 ok the ſame we thought to haue landed at a fort that anu. ch by the 
fea-coattin the Caracos, a8 pou go fo2S. Iago. This is a marueilous high lond, as high as the pike 
ok Tenerif. Ile could not land here ouer nigbt by reaſon of che roumbhnes ofthe fea which Boeth in 
that piace, x there is but one litle creeke dcgainſt the fort,to come in with pour boat. So, we percei⸗ 
wings no fit place to land, by reafon of the fea,ftoon away fore league to the Mett. ward, about a li⸗ 
tle head · land. there we unkerrd al night: and the 27 in the mopming we all landed in lalety none re⸗ £8 font nete the 
fiting vs. Then we pretently fet our feluesin arap,anomarchen toward the fort, ¢tooke it with⸗ Ceracos taken, 


out 


The Englith Voyages, &c. Sir Amias Prec, 
out any reſiſtance. Were we remained al the rett of this day vntil the 28, about 3 of the clock in ie 
alternoone. Me found nothing in this fope but a litle meale, op 2 07 3 tunnes of Wine, Lhirh jp 
realon of fome diſoꝛder amongtt the company ouercharging themſelues withthe wiue,cur gry, 
ral foz the maſt part cauled to be lpilt. IA bile we remained here, forme of our company ranging 
the maods, lound the gouernoz of the fort where he lep allecpe brought him to out general: uh 

dem, actions examined him touc hing the late ol the citie of S. lago de Leon, Cibo declared vnto vs thai 
dana bad neweß of our comming amoneth before, andtbat thep of ihe tom ne had made preparation, 
spies out of our.counningsand that if we dio gothe comon beaten way, it was neuer poſſible foe vs to patie iy 
Bund, that (hey bad made in the mids of che way betweene this fort and the faiD city, an exttedng ar 
baricado on the top of a verp high hil, the pallage being not aboue 25 07 30 foot in bꝛetth q on ca) 
five marueilous ſleep· vpt igbt, and the woods fo thicke ihat no man could patle fop his life: 
indeed at our returning backe we found to be true. Upon which ſpeeches our general demanny 
of him if there were not any other way: who anſwered, there is another wep marueilous bid m 
very ill to trauel which the Indians do cõmonly vles but he thought that the Spaniards hao try 
the fame, by cutting downe of great trees and other things, as indel d ihey had. This Spun 
was a very weake and ſickly man not able to trauel, ſo cur generall ſent him abord bis Cp m 
kept him. In the taking of our 3 mall Carauels at Cumana,we had a Oyaniard in out ofthn 
that had traueiled thele wapes to the citle of 8. lago. Oe tolo vs he would carp vs thither by amg 
boch theſe wapes,it afcerward we would let him at libertie: the which was granted. TAlhube 
remained at the fort by the waters fide the Spaniards tame de wne vnto vs by the great rhea 
wap on hozſe backe, who being vilcouered, our generall ſent out to mecte them captaine Robers 
wich ſome 400) 30 muſtettirs, who came to Chirmith with them, but they would not day. Che 
Came day in the afternoone we marche loꝛth toward S.lago,¢ tooke the Indians way tall de 
vnknowen way. In our march we tame to divers Indians houſes, which we neuer hutt, lu yf 
fen by and lekt ihem vntouched: but the Indians were all fled into the woods, and other plarrs, ne 
know not whither, Ce marched vntil it was night over ſuch high mountaines,as wi lum 
the like, and ſuch a way as one man tould ſcarſe paſſe alone, Dur gene roi being in the forewarn at 
length came whergas a river deſtended Downe ouer the mount nine g, und there we lodged all hat 
night, Pere in going this wap, we kound the Spanith gouernours cunkeſſion to be true: ſaytht⸗ 
bad baricadoed the wap in diners places with trees, ¢ other things in ſuch fore, that wi wer i 
uen to cut our way though the woods by Carpenters, which we caried with vs for thatpurpole, 
Che nert day being the 29 of May early in the mogning we fet forward to retouer the my ol the 
mountaines: but (Gov knoweth) they were ſo extreeme high and ſo ſtec p- vpright, that many of 
our ſouldiers fainted by the wap: and when the officers came vnto them, vd firtt enttenttdthem 
to goe, they anſwered, ihey could goe no further. Then they thought to abe hum goe hy com: 
puldion, but all was in vaine: they would goe a little and then lie dowone, and bid them kilka, if ja 
they would, for they could not, noz would not goe nv further. TUhereby they were enſhcedto f 
depart, g to leaue them there lying on the ground. Ta be hope at length wieh muthado ue gat the 
top of the mountaines about noone : there we made a ſtand til all the company was tome vp, and 
would haue Taped longer to haue refrethen our men: but the logge and raine fell (ofa, thet wit 
durſt not tay, So wee made hat to deſcend cowards the towne out of the Foose and reine: be 
taule that in theſe high mountaines by report of the Spaniards themſelues, it doeih almellenn⸗ 
tinualip raine. Alldone as we were deſcended vowne neere halle the wap to the totune theraine 
tealed, and going downe a little further, on the toppe of a hill we fate the towne not farredittant 
krom vs. Mere we all cleared our mul kets: and when our colours came in fight, we dilibargen 
afecondvolec of thot to the great dilcouragement of the eneinte. Thus wemarchenonarouns 
pace. The enemie was tnreadinelle alitele without the towne to encounter vs on hoyltbacke, 
Being nowe fully deſcended from the mountaines wee tame into a faire plaine thampienbebt, 
without either hedge, buch op ditch, ſauing certaine trenches which the water had made es i de 
ſcendeth from the mountaines. ere we Cet our ſelues in a readineſſe, luppoling the enemir would 
haue encountered vs: but hauing pitched our maine battell, and marching forward agoodround 
pace, captaine Beling, and captaine Roberts tooke ech of them ſome lodſeſhoot, aud mucke (all 
halt toward the enemie before the maine battell, wherein was our generall with capt, Sommes 
and came tofkirmith with them: but it was Coone ended: fo the ent mie fled. One Spaniard oes 
Haine in this Chirmithaud not any ont of our companies touched eiter twith piere oz err Ce 
heciteor be thanked. Ille foone marched into the towne, aud had it without any moze refittance: butter 
bind 2g. we found not the wealth that we expetted: fo they had conueped all into the mouncaines, crt 
N. ñluch goods ag thep could not ealilp caty, as wine, and iron, and fuch ihings. By 3 : 


Sire 


clocke in 


led the cit 
ülronger r 
enemie m 
ther faire 


wich theg 


neral had 
ture, requ 
ſpoken wi 
him a pier 
vnto vs w 
at his hour 
tothe Gen 
houle that 
communed 
bucats, C 


bp their ap 
tome . in th 
two league 


tame ta refi 
an ppifoners 
tramined, c 
about foz ai 
this, we gre 
he bad ved 
ready to dey 
fite,¢ burnt 
June, not th 
wap to ward 
lay all that r 
fort by the w 
haue kept ba 
hert the fee} 
large trenche 


nng wee dep 


Reepe hill tw 


umd our (hip 


which wee ha 
pp under 

e Departed 
inthe kot, a 


nias Preſi. 


it 3 OF the clock ih 
nes ol wine, which ty 
thihe wiut, cur gene, 
dur tompany ranging 
to dur genern: 0 
red vnto vs that hp 
made preparation i; 
ible fen vs to pate n 
pan excceding ren 
ot in bꝛed th. on cu) 
fie fo hin life : un 
ur general dimamn 
v marueilous bed m 
Spaniards hao ty 
had. Chis Spun 
abon0 bis düp g 
pantard in ont ofthm 
ry vs thither by ay 
granted. Ihr be 
by the great yun 
hem captaine Robers 
would not Lay, C. 
wians way calleoThe 
we neuer hutt, uu pi 
8, and other places, he 
ines, as we Haller lat 
ing in che foretarn at 
ere We lodged all that 
ion to be trues foythep 
(opt, that woe were ns 
h vs for thatpurpete, 
retouer the topsof the 
vpright, that many of 
AD firſt entreattothem 
chee hem got hy com: 
d bid them bl, if are 
they were enſcheedto 
h muth ado we gat the 
any was teme vp, and 
ne fell fo falt, that wee 
e foggt and reine: bee 
es, it doeih almeftcons 
to the towne theraine 
towne not farrediftant 
n light, we diſchergen 
we marthed onaround 
ter vs on Horltbacke, 
plaine champirnbibt, 
at er had made, m it Des 
oſing the enemit would 
kozward a good round 
hoot anv matched in al 
ll with capt, Sommers 
d. One Lopaniard was 
ih piece opartely, Les 
rae reſillanct: but tht 
the 199 90 Wi 
ings. threcofthe 
ings, By ih ck 


Lge a eG Sie in 


581 
clocke in the aftetnoone the 29 of 
without ante great dilturbance. ‘atthe 5 of June 
vnto our — 5 du guard, and fin * — e hard 
Che liek of Juue, there came a lone $ the Corp. i — — 
but befoze be ap oched, the Dp. 
refuftd to d: yromifenas i 


le bee tame to 


p being the 2 of June, 
So he was troughe 


fome thew of affauie, 
The 3 day being 
aleague o moze from the towne, c fome 


ut, & (ct themon fire: b 383 


o bout Sant 
go fired. 


which being 
towns theres 
Mhen we vnderſtood 


2 
1 


nd ſo departed 


but by the great beaten way. And when we had marched halfe the The citie or s 


oe 85 we came onto that dkrong baricado which they had made, and there lege burt. 


but befope our departure, wee ouerthꝛew on the one five of the 


which we found there planted by the enemte, ond ſo let f 
2 4nd bp 12 of the clocke came to the waters fide and there rema 50 
ned i 
1 en in kite dap at night: in which tine me laded fa 5 ety 
2 Petilla, which we found there at our firſt landing. Do the fit day at night # fort and cer. | if 


dftom thence, togoetoa towne calles Coro: but befo r 
ze wee departed, Pig ing 
inevetoye, and all the Supians boutes that were about it, anv bumsthem, Then denne an 
Coe : and t. 


§ 
J 5 
we 
. 
Hit 
‘ 
§ 


a —— Te Sey, es 
582 The Englith Voyages, Sir ef mias Presion 


and Qanding along the cvaſt, our Dpaniſh guide ſignilied vnto vs, that there were foure lap gg 
(hips about fiuc leagues from thence, in a place called Checherebiche, and Caio, and Mayo, @o 
the 6 day in the mopiing we were thwart of the place, and there our ge ne rall lent away bis long 
mes ba- boat e with captaine Sommers, vnto thoſe places, where they found 3 or the ſbips : but the Span 
wibihivs ards had conueped their faites alhoze into the woods, (o that they could not bung them oll ous fc 
ire in them and burnt them. From hente we Good along the boze, Cailing vntill the mut de yet 
June on which day toward the cucning we imbatked our ſelues in aut pinneſſes and final! cary 
uels, to land at Coros: but we had none that knew the place certaine y: wherekoze we avkoyey 
that n ght Come two leogues to the Gatward ok it, and in the morning Juent on land, and n ne 
moze wich me, to (ee tf we could dilcouer the towne, but we could not, wee went abouc aleegue 
vp into the countrep, but could not fee anp village ez towne. Oo returning backe, wee mctour 
General. with diuers others which came athore bith him, with whom we marched into the coun 
trey againe, but could lee nothing, xſo returned. At the water five coptaine Prowle died. That 
weremained all chat day en land, bp reafon the wind blew fo much that wee could not get abo 
vntlll the cuening. After dur comming abeozd a boat which we lent into the bay, return dan 
brought vs newes that tbere rode a barke within tbe bay, and by all like lyhood the towne ſhoul 
be there. Do pꝛeſently our Generall went into the bay with the Der ing and ſome of the final 
tarauels. The tenth day in the mozning, he rett of our ſhipping came into the bap, and ourmen 
ga baricate la ded the fame day, about 10 02 1 f Of the clocke inthe night, fomarchedon toward the towne: 
woon, but in the way they had made bavicadas,and kept them very lrongly. Not wit hatandingthe cow 
rage of out men was ſuch, as that they feared nothing, and forced them to leaue their forces, an 
fie. Dauing wonne this baricado they there remained vntill the next day being the 11 of Jun, 
and then early in the morning they marched oa towards the towne, where bp the way, the ennie 
ate un of oftentimes came to ckirmiſh with them, but alwapes fied, Ju fine they wan the towne without 
dam anpgreat Lotte of men, God be thanked, Dauing gotten che town, they Found nothing intel, 
for they had intelligence from Sant logo, how wer had vled them before, which cauſedthemto 
tonuep all their goods :tito the mountaines and woods : finding nothing in it our Bererallceutea 
it to be let on fire, thinking it not good to rematne there, but to returne againe, bai Ke tothe thipss 
and the greateſt taule was by realon of the departure ok car taine dommers: who the dap before 
in amo furious tempeſt, being in the pinneffe, wich ſome zo men at auke r, hap his cables brokea 
and loſt al! his anker s, and fo was kaine to put to (ca to laue himſelke, otherwile they hed Lenein 
danger ol periſhing. Thus our General and his company, returned backe againe checwelft day 
and imbarkedthemſelues, and deported away with all {peeve to ſeche cavtatne Sommers, The 
13 toward night, hee came where captaine Sommers was, and kound him reverie, but not by ame 
ank rs, but by two bafes, which cher hao made for io Rap chew barke by rat whieh mecningibe 
Che bap of La- COMP any was perpalad, Thenihep determined to ga into a mighty great bay, to atcwne called 
guna. Laguna: but the bay was lo dcepe and chauld with ll, that we returned backe againe, Aer ute 
had ſtood in two vaies g a night. Oo we Capledoucr cowars che Ilie of Hitpaniola thelirteenth 
of June: and the twentiet) dap we ſaw it. Che rt we anke zed vnder Cape Tiburon, Here we 
watered, and ſtayed vntill the 25 ok the fame, After our departure out ol the bay ot Laguna,a 
great ficknes kel among our fleete, and there died about eighty men ol the ſame. Thislicknelle 
was the fluxe ok the bellie, which is a common pirate in that countrey. Ne remayned about ths 
Illand vntill the eight and twencteth of this moneth. Then we departed from thence, and the fe 
Tamaica, cond of Tulp arriued at the Illand of lamaica. Wr fore dur ccmmirg hither, the thgte hips of 
Hampton had foꝛſ e ken vs, and left our company. And the Derling wherein was taptaine lones, 
Sede was {ent to vifcouer Come other ſecret matter, in which dilcouerp the valiant gentleman ended 
capcaine lones. bis life. Do our whole fleete was now but our gererall, wich capraine Sommers, anda ſmall 
pinneſle. Me ſtayevat this Ille of lamaica vntil che firt of July ain which meanc time we landed 
to lee ik we could kill any beeues, but we could not, they were fo wild: here is great Rope of them, 
and great plenty of freth-fith, Te departed hence the 6 ot July, and palſed by the Iſlands called 
cape de coni · Caimanes, and the Ille de Pinos, and the 12 of the laid monech by Cape de Corrientes where we 
_ watered, and the lame night. wee fet ſatle towards the cape ck S. Anthony, being the wellermoſt 
part ok the Ille ol Cuba. The 13 dap in themogning we were vnder this cope, aud the fame Dap 
we met with the honourable knight, Sir Walter Ralegh, returning from his painefal, and hep: 
pie dilcouerp of Guiana, and bis lurpꝛiſe of the Sie of Trinidad, Soa with glad heerts, wee ken 
him and his fleete of thꝛee hips company till the twentieth day at nicht, what tin e we lol than. 
In all which time nothing of moment fell out, laue that we gaue chale to a toupleol frigate, bu 
could not fetch them. aie 


Hifpaniola, 


The la, 

Atter wa 
coutſe fo) tl 
of Bahama 
but were on 


come home 
of Heptem 


3 

welt and bp 
Che 8 o 
ed a while! 
ned newes 
Che 261 
Che 27 

ria to the N 
kapꝛe before 
to land onet 
But by our 
nauce : ſoth 
not able to l 
were of Sp 
mot of then 
vals within 
nauentire,t 
gaſus, the E 
Francis Dra 
and ſtoode o 
watered: w 
the herdmen 
np: the reſt 
presended vi 
dies, vnto a 
king of all o1 
land: as alf 
The 28 b 
and South 


‘Before w 
lch Marigal 
Coker thot off 


„ a 
s Preston, 
e foure lay ggg 
„ond M aio, Bo 
ne away bis long 
sbut the Sopany 
them off bur fie 
Hehe niuth dep of 
s and [mall cary 
Fore We arikoyey 
on land, and nne 
at aboue Aleegue 
ithe, Wee mice our 
ped into the coun 
owle died. Thun 
ND not get abo 
bay, return dem 
the towne (houlp 
ſome of the final 
bap, and our men 
Swardthe towne: 
ptanding the cow 
e their forces, an 
the 11 of Zw, 
e way, the enene 
he towne without 
nothing in itarall; 
ich cauſedthmto 
ir General ceutio 
bac ke tothe thins: 
who the day befoye 
his cables brokea 
ife they hed Lenein 
ine thetweltty day 
e Sommers, The 
na, but not by zwe 
Which mecengthe 
, to a comune called 
age ine, after wee 
sniolathefirteent) 
Tiburon, Here we 
e bay of Laguna, 
ne. This lickneſſe 
emapned about ths 
1 thence, andthe les 
„ theehpee thips of 
vas captaine lones, 
it gentlemm ended 
mmers, anda finall 
auc time we Landed 
great Rope okthen, 
y the Jllands called 
orrientes where We 
eing the wellermoſt 
pe, and the lame Dap 
5 painefal, and hep⸗ 
ap heerts, mee kent 
u tin e we lof then. 
auple ol lrigats, but 


aun 


FFF 


e 
e 


Phe laft vay of fir Fr.Drake. Vraffiques & Dilcoucries. 385 


After waro we plyed to tecouer Wauana, vntill the fue and twentieth of Julp: then we fee dut 
courte fo) the he ad of the Mat tyrs, the 27 we were iu ſight ol them. The 18 wee entred the gulſe 


of Babama : then we fet our courte bom warp toward Newfoundland, but we coulo not Fetebit, Cds Banke pf 


put wert on the Banke, and cooke Ath there the 20 vay of Augutt, The fame night we ſet layle to 
tome home, by reafon che wind was contratp to goe in with Newfoundland, Ho the tenth dap 
of September, we arciuedin faterp Bod be thanked)in Milford hauen in Wales, hauing pete · 
med lo long a voyage in he lpace of xe monethys oz ſome what leſle. 


The voyage truely diſcourſed, made by fir Francis Drake,and fir 
John Hawkins, chiefly pretended for ſome {peciall ſeruice on the Iflands 
andmame ofthe Weft Indies, with fixe ofthe Queenes fhips , and 21 other fhip 
and barkes,containing 3500 men and boyes, inthe yeete 1395. In which voyage 
both e forelayd knights died by ſickneſſe. 


9 Ce byake ground out of the found of Plimmouth on Thurſday the 28 of Aus 
gud,and that night ankozeo againe in Cauſon bap, where we rove till Friday. 
: Z Thenwe fet laple and Noone Wouthweſt: and about three of the clocke the 

U/mg nertinopning the Hope, wherein fit Thomas Baskeruil went, ttrake vpon the 

ek Edy ftone, and thot offapiece, but after cleared herſelfe wel cnough, 

On Mundap at fire of the clocke in the morning the landes end bare Noth · 
welt and by Noꝛth, and then we lloode away Southwell and by South for the coat of Spaine. 

The 8 ol September we cooke two lmall Flemich fliboats bound ko Barbary; which we carts 
ed a while with vs and alter ward dilmiſſed them without doing them any harme: ouly wer lear · 
ned ne wes of them, and ſtaped them from diſcrying our fleete to the enemie. 

Che 26 we ſaw Forteuentura, being ne of the Bands of the Canaties. 

Che 27 being Saturday by bzeake of day we had ouer · ſhot the chiefe to wne ol Grand Cana- 
nato the Noz che alt, and then ſtood about lo it againe, and by nine of the clocke were at anker 
fapre befoze the fozt to the E aſtward of the towne ſome league. At one of the clocke wet offred 
to land one thouſand and foure hundzech men in the landle bay betwixt the fort and the towne: 
But by our detracting of the time they had made a bulwarke in the ſandie bay and planten Ozdi⸗ 
naute: lo that bp reaſon thereof, and the great bꝛeach ol the ſea that went then on hore we were 
not able to land without endangering our whole forces, which our General would not doe. Chere 
were of Spaniards hoꝛſemen and footmen ſome goo. whicbplayed vpon vs out of their trenches, 
mot of them being hot. At the time ok our landing the re went by commanvement of our Benes 
vals within muſ ket ſhot ol the (hope, e rode there at anko ſome three hours, the Salomon, the Boe 
nauentũre, the Elizabeth Conſtanee, the Phenix, the Iuell, the Little lohn, the Deli ghe, the Pe- 
gaſus, the Exchange, the Francis, the carauell, ant the two catches: But when the Benerall fr 
Francis Drake gaucouer the landing being in his barge. the hips weighed being in ſome danger, 
and Roode off againe to the great hips. Then we went to the Tel end ol the Alland and there 
watered: where captaine Grimfton going vp the bill with s oz 7 in his company was fet vpon b. 
the herdmen, who with their dogs and ſtaues killed the captaine and thꝛee oz foure of his compas 
ny: the telt were fore wounded: the Salomons Chirurgian taken pꝛiſoner, who diſcloſed our 
herended vopage as much as in him lay: fo as the Gicerop ſent a tarauel of aduilo into the In- 
dies, vnto all ſuch places as wee did pretend to goe ta. owbeit they had intelligence from the 
king of all our vopage the eight of Augult, which was three weekes before we Cet foopth of Eng- 
land: ag alfo bp a Fleming that had feene all our pacutfton at London, 

The 28 being Sunray at ten of the clocke at night wee fet ſaile, and ſtood away Southwell 
and Soutbſoutb wel fome 200 leagues, until we came in the beigbt of the Wands of Cape Ver- 
de, and then moze Meſterly ko Martinino,one of the Iſlands of the Welt Indies, which we ſaw 
the 27 of October: but the night before we had a opme, in which fir Francis with foure op fiue o⸗ 


7 


thet thips bearing on head of the fleete was leparated. Then we ſtood fo; Dominica, an Illand pomiaice, 


full ot inhabitants of the race of the Canibals, not palt ten leagues diſtant from Martinino. In 
it groweih great Gore of Tabacco: where mol of our Engliſh and French men barter kniues, 
Setehers,Cawes, and ſueh like pron tooles in trutke ot Tadaccs. 

Befope we came to Dominica our Generall Mir Francis Drake altered his courfe, and went 
fo? Marigalante, which we had ſight of the 28 dap, and came to an anker on the Roꝛtheaft ſide a 
faker thot off the thore in 13 fathomes water faire holding, Chere the General! went on Moye: 
ta his barge, and by chance met men, to the people whereof he gaue a yellow 

6 2 watkcoate 


584 The Engliſh Voyages, The laff voyage of fir Fr. Draſe 


FAA 
wattcoate of flanell and an hankerchielez and they gaue him ſuch fruits as they bad, and the Doni, 
nicanes rowed to Dominica agame. They came thither to fetch Come fruits which they ſowe m 
plant in diuers places of that Alland, which they keepe like gardens. 

The next moꝛuung bp bꝛeake of day we wepen and ſdoode hetweene the Todos Santos bl 
are 4.025 little Wands bet weene Guadalupe and Dominica. There is nothing vpon thele % 
lands but wood. Ile came to the Soutbeatk Adve of Guadalupe anv there ankeredbard abog 

che ſhoze: the Southwe five of the Illand is deepe water and good ankozage: where that bap 
fit lohn Hawkins came to vs againe ſtanding vp from the South five of Dominica, There ne 
watered, walhed our chips, let vp our pinnelles, and refreſhed our ſouldiers on ſhoze. 

The zo captaine Wignol in the Franeis, à barke of 33 tunnes, being the ſternmoſt of fir Toh, 
Hawkins fleete was chaled bp ſiue of the king of Spaines frigats 02 Jabzas being ſhips of 200 
tunnes a piece, which came of purpole with; other Jabzas for the treaſure ok S. Iuan de pueno 
rico: The Francis going roome with them, ſuppoling they had bene our owne fleete, wa bythen 
taken in light ofour carauel. Thep left the Francis dꝛiuing in the fea with 3 02 4 hurt and lichte 
men, and cooke the reſt of our men into their chips, as the pꝛiloners which wee tooke at S. Iuande 
Puerto rico told vs. 

The 4 of Nouember we began to vnlade the Richard, one of our bictuallers, which was bp 
next dap onladen,vnriggen and then ſunken. Then we toon Moreh welt ¢ by orth: and then 
mozuing ſaw the Glands of Monſerrata, Redonda, Eſtozia, S. Chriſtopher and Saba. The bigget 
of theſe Illands is not paſt d leagues long. There is good ankozage in 8, 7, and 5 kadomes warn 
faire white ſand. Then we Loodaway Southweſt, an d on the 8 in the moꝛning being Datumey 
tame to an anker ſome 7 02 8 leagues off within certain broken lands called las Virgines, wlich 
haue bene accounted dangerous: but we found there a very good rode, hadit bene fo2 a 1000 failg 
of (hips in 14, 12, and 8 fadomes faire ſand and good ankozage, high Illands on either five, bum 
lreſh water that we could find : here is much liſh to be taken with hoc kes and nets: allo vue luxed 
on thoze and fowled. Mere fir lohn Hawkins was extreme licke; which his ficknes beigen 

f newes of the taking of the Francis. The 18 day wee weped and ſloode Nozth and by Caſtintoa 
leller found, which fir Franc is in his barge difcoueren the night befoge,and ankozed in 13 faboms, 
hauing bie ſteepe hils on her five, ſome league viſtant from our firtt riding. 

The 12 in the mon we weied and (ee laple into the ſea due South thꝛough a final trig 
but without banger, and then ſtode {ett and by Noth foz S. Iuan de Puerto rico, and in the after 

f noone left the 3 (mall Allands called The paflages to the Southward of vs, and that night came 

| Tbe heath of bp to the Eaſtermolt end ol S. lohn, where fir lohn Hawkins departed this life: vpon wholede⸗ 
| kins, ceaſe fir Thomas Baskeruil pꝛeſently went into the Garland, At 2 of theclocke we tame to ans 
ker at the eltermoſt five of the chiefe towne called Puerto rico in a landie bap 2 miles off; where 
we receiued from their kozts and places where they planted Dyvinance fome 28 great hor, the 
lat of which ſtrake the aßmirall tough the mile n, and the lag but one ſtrake thꝛough her quatter 
into the ſterage, the Generall being there at ſupper, and Crake the ſtaole from vnder him but hurt 
him not, but hurt at the fame table fir Nicholas Clifford, M. Browne, captaine Stratford, with 
one o two moze. Sit Nicholas Clifford and maſter Browne died of theit hurts. 

Then wee let ſayle and ſtood to the Eaſtward, and at midnight tacked about to the Lest, an 
in the Spy came to an anker before the point without the cowne,a little to the Wellwards by 
the 3 Allands. 

The 13 we rode ill vntill night, when in the beginning wich twenty fine pinneſſes, boats an 

Faun chats ſpalloys manned and lurniſhed with fre. wo; kes and Imell (hot wee went into the rove within 
tico, the great cattcls,and in deſpite of them firen the fine Fabzaso3 frigats, all chips of two hunoyth 
tunnes the piece op moze, quite burning the Rereanmirall downe to the water, which was 
the greateſt ſhippe of them all, and allo migbtily ſpoiled the admirall anv biceadmirall not uit 
Ranving the catles and ſbips gaue vs a hundzeth eigbtie and fiue great ſhot, beſüdes (mall thot 
abundance, They had alſo ſunke a great ſhippe in the mouth of the chanell and raſted it outt 
wichher mates almo® to the very fogtes and caſtles, lo as they thought it impregnable, Che 
krigats hab in each of them twenty pieces of bzaſſe, and a hundzeth barrels ofpowoct. Theit 
chiefe laing that they bꝛougbt thither was ſilke, ople, aud wine. The trealure which they went 
to fetch, which was bꝛought thither ina ftp called the Vigonie, was conueped inte the tronge? 
and {uve caſtell of defence; being, as one of the pꝛilaners confeſſed, three millions of dutats 0} 
fine and chirty tunnes of liluer. Allo they hav Cenc all the women, childzen, and vnable perſo s 
into the woods, and left none but ſouldiers and fighting men in the towne. The fight on 

our fide was relolute, bote, and dangerous: wherein wee Lott ſome forty 03 fifty * 


TR Ree ee ee ee 
OANA ap Bets „ 


The 


manp w 
dꝛownit 
The 

we wou 
rall: wl 
they wit 
The 
point: b 
come at 
thot, T 
about to 
The x 

The 1 

the point 
foure, ſiu 
and rekre 
letters, fi 
The 2 

wep and a 
Southw: 
foure leag 
and Taped 
The 2 
afternoon: 
niard with 
ding to the 
the fleete fl 
Noꝛth bec 
Che 25 
niola and 
forite; and 
help that ni 
table from 
breaking a 
finke the hu 
inthe moꝛn 
The 29 
Nozthweſt 
but the Gen 
welt loz the 
lekt it ſome 
On Sur 
the Monjes 
the maine, v 
very white. 
nder Cape 
Cape, where 


, Fr.Drake, 


— — 
had, and the Doni, 
which they Lowe any 


dos Santos, which 
thing vpon thele % 
mkered hard aboy 
ge: where that dap 
minica, There yy 
iſhoze. 

ternmolt of fit lohn 
being ſhips of 20 
ES, Tuan de pueno 
fleete, was bythen 
02 4 hurt and niche 
tooke at S. Iuauce 


, which was by the 
Month: and the ner 
Saba. The biggel 
D 5 fadomes warn 
g being Daturdey 
las Virgines, which 
ne foz a 1000 falt 
n either five, burn 
ets: allo weſlytd 
icknes began han 
and by Caſt into a 
oed in 13 fanoms, 


ough a ſmall tit 
ico, and in the after 
nd that night come 
e: vpon wholede⸗ 
cke we came to nn 
miles off; there 
28 geit hut, he 
OUT her quarter 
nder him but hurt 
de Scratford, with 
ts, 

t to the Net, an 
he IUleſtwards bp 


nnefles, bontg end 
o the rode within 
s of tivo hundueth 
ater , which wes 
Dimiall,notwiths 
belides ſmull hot 
and rated it out 
pregnable, Che 
1 — 
whicht 

inte the lrenzel 
lions of pucats o 


help that night met with her and kept her company vntil the next morning, 


The 29 we had fight of the Alland called Curacao within 8 le 
Noꝛthweſt five came to an anker in very deepe water 
but the Generall weyed pꝛelently and ſtoode away Nozthweſt and by CUeſt, and N 


Welt ko the maine, and that night ſaw Aruba, being ſomewhat a leſſe Alland then the 
lelt it ſome thꝛer leagues to the South ward ol vs. 


the Monjes, het wirt Aruba and the next Noꝛth poi 


the maine, where we ſaw a great current letting tothe IMellward, 
very white. The Phenix, the carauell and one okt 


vnder Cape de la Vela, ànd made afite whereby the rett of the fleet 
Cape, where is a very good rode, faite ſpolding and landie ground, fo 
favoms neere the hore. Toe Cape isa bare land without trees o2 (hubs, and falleth in eight op 
ten leagues Southeaſt and Noꝛthwelt: and a faker thot off the point ſtandeth a little Alland like 
Me weſtone neere Plimmouth, but ſome what bigger. In the moaning the Girt of December 
wee imbarked all our ſouldiers fo; Rio de la Hacha, which is acowne twenty leagues to the Riode ia Hache 
Wiekwards; one of the antienteſt in all he maine, although not very bigge: but it ſtandeth in a taken. 
molt fertile and pleatan ith 


map were hurt. Chere was allo great death of the Spaniards abooyn the frigate, with burning, 
dꝛowning, and killing, and beſides fone taken pꝛiſoners. 

The 14 we rode Mil, being within hot of the vttermoſt caſtell: but they kearing the next night 
we would come in againe, began to warpe vp the other 4 frigats, beginning firt with the Admi⸗ 
rall: which whether by chaute oz their owne willes wee law to finke; and as wee ſuppoſe fo did 
they with all the rett, op elle by ſtealih got vp farther within their chickeſt forces, 

Che 15 alſo we rode fill, and at afternoone wee eſpied a carauell comming from the catten 
point: but befoze our pinneſſes could fetch her vp, fhe ranne on thoze, where our boates could not 
tome at her becaule of the bꝛeach, and allo many of the Illanders came downe to guard her with 


hot, The beginning ok this night we weyed, and Roode one houre to the Catt, and then tacked 
about to the IClelt. 


The 16 being Sunday, and the 17 allo we were becalmed. 
The 18 we 


r in ozie land to the 
this riuer three of 
rowed vp the riuer 


Nge of captaine Winter (pent her boule: 
eke her: whichbp Gods 


fleete againe. 


hard abooꝛd the ſhoꝛe without any danger: Curazao, 


oꝛthnoꝛth · 
other: we Aude. 


On Sunday mozning being the laſtof Mouemb 


vebe Generals tummandement, that thee ſtrake on 
SOUND, but got olf againe. There lieth to the Caltwardof the towne a mile oꝛ 


thereabout a ſhold 


of — dub bud fone baifeleagueo) moebetozepou come right again the town, à Yor otland 
wee 


. came Fo anker in two favomes, bu the great ſdips rave off infine and fre fadontes. 
ö Cee There 


The lat voy.of for H. Draſe. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 3585 


agues ok the maine, and on the Che Fe ot 


586 The Engliſn Voyages, The laSt vc. f fir Fr. Drake, 


——...:. .... 
u treſh rue. There is a freſh riuer about a bow-thot to the Eaſtward ok the towne; whereinto our pinneſſeg 
could ſcarſe enter by reaſonof a barre of ſand in the riuers mouth, but within it is nauigable fo 
barkesof twenty oz hircp tunnes fome fire 02 eight leagues vp. 

The ſirth day the Spaniards came in to talke about theranfome of the towne, but not to the 
General his liking : and that night Sir Thomas Baskeruil marched vp into the countrey tog; 
uer- runne thofe parts: and the Generall the lame night with ſome hundꝛeth and fiftte men went 
by water fire leagues to the Eaſtward, and tooke the Rancheriaa fithertowne, where they Da 
foz pearle. The people all fled except ſome ſixteene op twenty louldiers, whichkought a little, hut 
ſome were taken pꝛiloners, beides many Negros, with ſome Hope ok pearles and other pillage, 
In the houles we refreſhed our ſelues, and were all imbarked to come away, and then had light 
ok a bzigandine oꝛa dꝛedger, which the Bencrall tooke within one houres chale with his two 
barges: (he had in her Indie · wheat, which we call Malz, and ſome ſiluer and pearle, but of (mal 
value. 

On Saturday the ſeuenth. m der Yorke captaine ofthe Hope dyed of ſicknes, end then mater 
Thomas Drake the Generals t other was made captaine of the Hope, and matter Ionas Boden. 
ham captaine of the Aduenture, and matter Charles Cæſar captaine of the Amitie. 

The cently day che Spaniards concluded fo? the ranſome ok the tewne fox 24000 dutats, anp 
one pꝛiſoner pꝛomiled to pap foꝛ his ranfome 4000 ducats. 

The kourteench day they bought in the townes ranfome in pearles, but rated lo deare as the 
Gentrall after conference wühthem, milliking it, ſent it backe againe, giuing them koure hours 
reſpite to cleere themſelues wich their treaſure. 

The lirceenth the gouernour came into the towne about dinner, and vpon conference with fe 
Generall told him plainelp, that he cared not fog the towne, neither would he ranſome it: ano chet 
the pearle was brought in without his command oz conſent. and that his detracting ok tunelolung 
was one lp to lend the other townes woꝛd, that were not of force to wichſtand vs, wherttyttey 
might conuey all their goods, cattell, and wealth into the woods out of danger. Oo the Bencral 
7 5 gouernour leaue to Depart accogding to pꝛomile, hauing two houres to witha him 

elle in ſafety. 

The ſeuenteenth Sir Thomas Bas keruil with the Elizabeth Conſtance, the Phenix, thers: 
rauel with foure oz ſiue pinneſſes went ſome fiue leagues to the Mel ward, e landing, marthed 
ſome foure leagues vp into the countrey to a place called Tapia, which he tooke & burned tenen 
villages and ferme houſes about it. Me had ſome reſiſtance as he paſſed ouer a river, buthen but 
one man hurt, which be bꝛought aboozd alive with bim: he marched one league farther and burnt 
Sallameaburnt, à village called Sallamca, and lo returned with ſome pꝛiſoners, the ſouldiers hauing gotten 
ſome pillage. 

The 18 the Rancheria, and the tewne ok Rio de la Hacha were burnt cleane dewnetothe 
ground, the Churches and a Ladies houſe onely excepted, which bp her letters wꝛittentothe Gee 
9 ae preferued. That day wee let layle and fell to lee. ward, to mecte with Sir Thomas 

askeruil, 

The 19 we weigher and Noon to leeward foz Cape de Aguja,wichehe twentieth at ſunne ri 
fing we ſaw. It is a Cape ſubiect much to flawes,bp reafon it is a veryhie land: and within the 
tape lieth an Illand within the mouth ok the found, which hath a white cliffe oz ſpot inthe Cet 
nozth welt part ok the Illand. The land all about the c ape riſeth all in homocks oz brokentecpie 
hils. A league Southweſt within that, (oz fo falleth the land thereabout) there ſtandeth onthe 
top of acliffea watch -· houſe: and a little within that a finall Bland: pou map goe in betwene 
the maine and it, oʒ to lee ward it vou luſt: and hard wit hin that ie the rode and towne of Santa 
SantaMartha Martha, which at 11 ofthe clocke we tooke, the people all being fled, except a few Spaninds, 
egros & Indiis which in a bꝛauado at our landing gaue vs ſome 30 0) 40 Mot, x ſo tan awey. 

That night their Lieutenant generall was taken end ſome little pillage bꝛought in out ofthe 
woods: foʒ in the town nothing was left but the houſes l wept clean. In all the main is not aricher 
place fo2 gold: fox the hops were mixt with the earth in euery plate, and allo in the ſand alittleto 
the lee wards of the towne. In the bay wer had a bad rode by reaſon of a Imall moone, fo, euerp 
{mail moone maketh foule weather all the maine along. 

The sz, the Senerall cafes the town ts be burnt, and all ehe hip ks wep, and los d ent ers 
ny ofthe ſouldiers being imbarked where the Generall had appointed, in the (mall chips which 
tobe neereR the hore, Me lott that night the company of the Phenix, t apteine Auſtin, Peter Le. 
mond and the Garlands pinneſſe, which ſtood along the ſhoze, and being chaſed off by gallies out ol 
Carthagena Peter Lemond with nine of our men was taken, the reit came Cafe to * 


Le Rancheria 
taken, 


Tapia taken, 


Cape de Aguja, 


rs 


eae a 


sea eas 
E 
E 
= 


eae 


9 


e 
E 
=. 
ao 


went 


killed 
nerall 
were h 
fir The 
| fives P 
P86 
(ed lir 
dian ar 


Ch 

Th 
cane d 
into th 
end of 
with o 
mined 


ffir Fr. Drake, 


a 
whereinto our pinneſlegz 
vithin it is nauigable fo 


he towne, but not o the 
bp into the count rey tog: 
eth and fifcie men went 
towne, where thep oa 

which kought a little, hut 
aries and other pillage, 
wap, and then hav ſight 
oures chale with his ring 
and pearle, but of ſmal 


᷑ ſicknes, end then matter 
nd maſter Ionas Boden. 
the Amitie. 

¢ koꝛ 24000 dutats, any 


but rated fo deare as tly 
iuing chert foure hourg 


pon conkerence with the 
dhe ranſome it: and hat 
etracting of cine lolong 
and vs, wheretytley 
anger, So theGencral 
oures to withduwhm⸗ 


ance, the Phenix, therg: 
vard, e landing, matthed 
e tooke € burned certain 
ouer a river, but had but 
league farther and burn 
ſouldiers hauing gotten 


urnt cleane dewnetothe 
etters wzittentothe Ge⸗ 
neete with Sir Thomas 


he twentieth at ſunne ris 
hie land: and within the 
liffe 02 ſpot inthe Cet 
omocks op broken fecpie 
ut) there ſtandeth onthe 
ou map goe in betwelne 
ode and towne of Santa 
xcept a few Spaniards, 
2 40 Thor, & ſo tan auay. 
ge bꝛought in out ofthe 
Il the maln is not z richer 
alſo in the ſand alittle to 
finall moone , lo euerp 


d wep, and ſtosd ent me 
m the Cmatl (hips which 
pteine Auſtin, Peter Le. 
haſev off by gallies out of 
me Cafe to * 


ue 
ee, 
3 
# 
ee 


. 
5 
3 
A 


7 


Church very faire and large wꝛought all of timber lis ewiſe. 
value: there was a thet in their ſhops of great More of marchandiſes that ha bene there. There 


ee 
ce 


= 
ae 


and arrowes, ſet vpon vs, and killed Lieutenant Iones hurt: 
woods, ranne beloze b3 and fired their owne towne and then fled karther into the woods: our men zun Indian 
tred diuerſe other houſes in purſuing them, and lo returned againe: 


both very narrow. and full of myze and water. 


nerall, and Enligne Sampſon, Maurice 


Fhelaſt voy.of far Fr.Drake. Traffiques & Difcoueries, 587 


Che 26 we faw the lands fome twelue leagues to the Eatwarp of Nombre de Dios ſtan⸗- 
ding in toward the thoze, but toward night we Rood to the offin vntill the next day. 
The 27 we came into the mouth of Nombte de Dios, and by one ok the clock 


hauingtn che font Come 3 02 4 finall pieces of opvinance, and one of them hake in dilcharging at 
vs. They gaue vs alſo a voley of (mall hot: but leeing our relolutton in running vpon them they 
all fled and tooke the woods, 

Che cowwne was bigge, hauing large üreetes, houles very hie, all built of timber , butane 
Nothing was left in the towne of 


was a mill aboue the towne , and vpon the toppe of another hill in the woods food a little watch⸗ 
poufe, where we tooke twentie Cowes of ſiluer, two barres ol gold, ſome money in cone, belides 
other pillage. : oe f 

The towne was ſituated in a waterie ſoile, and ſubiect much to raine, very vnhealthy as any 
place in the Indies, hauing great ſtoze ok Ozenges, plantans, caſſauy-roots, c ſuch other fruits; 
but very dangerous to be eaten foꝛ breeding of dileales. To the Eaſtwarde of the cowne within 


the bap runneth out a kreſh riuer ok excellent good water, with houſes, and all about it gardens: 


halle a league from hence due Eaſt into the countrey was an Indian towne, whither as we mar⸗ 
ched a little befope our comming away with an hundzed men they had bꝛoken downe a bridge to 
hinder our pallage, where they lay in ambuſh with fome twentte op thirtte mall thot, and bowes 


thace 2 foure and ſo fled into the 


Thomas being in the Rivers mouth with thirtie og koztie men killing water about ſome myle 


> frome, 


Che road of Nombre de Dios is a faite road: but on each ide, as pou come to ride befope the 
towne, lyeth a ledge ok rockes, but there is no danger becauſe they are in ſight. Dou may ride 


bet weene them in three oꝛ foure kadome water, and without ik you will in eight oz ten kadomes, 
ꝛu here neither Cattle nop Fot can annoy vou. The name of Nombre de Dios was greater then 
heir ſtrength. Foz they had no Cattle nop Fort, but onely the little foꝛt afore ſaid ſtanding on the 
top ok an hill, although they might haue made it ſtronger if they would. 


The 29 fir Thomas Baskeruil with 750 armed men, belides C hirurgians and pꝛouand bopes, 


: went fo2 Panama, 


The lat of December the Generall burned halke the towne, and the firſt of Januarie burnt the 


Rreſt, with all the Frigats, Barks ¢ Galiots, which were in the harbour and on the beach on ſhoze, 
bauing houſes built ouer them to keepe the pitch from melting. 


The Cecond of January ſir Thomas returned with his ſouldiers both weary and hungrp, ha⸗ 
uing marched moze then halke the way to the South lea. The Spaniards played diuers times 
vpon vs both outward and home ward in the woods, the way being cut out of the woods k rockes 
The march was fo fore as neuer Engliſh man 
marched before, Pauing marched lome ten leagues in a maruellous ſtraite way, vpon the topof 
amhill, though which we mut needes palle, the Spaniards had ſet vp a sort and kept it with 
fome go 02 go men, who played von vs as we came vp, befoze wee were aware of them, and lo 
killed ſome twentie oꝛ moze of vs, amongſt whom was Captaine Marchant quarter- maler Gee 
Williams one of her aieſties guard, belines diuerſe 
were hurt, as M. Captaine Nicholas Baskeruil a valiant gentleman, with diuers others. Then 
fit Thomas had perfect knowledge that they muſt pale two ſuch Fozts moge, if he got that, bes 


des Panama to be very ſtrong, the enemic knowing of our comming long before. 


Allo our ſouldiers had no victuals let, nop any meanes to get moze: which confinerations cate 


a Ro fi Thomas ta returne and gine ouer bis attempt. As he marcheo thitherward betookcan zn; 


dian and Cent him to Nombre de Dios with letters of bis returne and proceeding, 
Che 5 we fet ſaile at 1 20f the clocke, and ſtood tothe IUeſtward. 


The 1o day we ſaw an Zand lying Uied ward Come 20 leagues called Eſcudo, where wee Che Ale or 
care td ander on the Souchũde in 12 fadoms water, faite fand and good ankozage. It you come 


into the Catterne point, giue it a birth, becaute of a ledge of rockes, that lpethout there from the 
end of the Bland : comming to anker we fawe a roader. who ſeeing vs let ſayle, but that night 
with our Pinnelles we tooke him, be had nothing in him but a little mais, Che men being exa⸗ 
mined by the Generall conlelled him to be an Aduifas ſent from Nombre de Dios to all the pots 


along 


1 e tooke the towne, Nombre de Dios 
the people being all lled except forme 100 Spaniarns, vihich kept the Fort, and played vpon vs, Her 


our Generall with Sir n ted. 


588 he Engliſh Voyages, The lafl 05. fir Fr. Drate 


along the coat CMAeſtward. This Nland lyeth 9 02 10 leagues from the maine 
leagues long ‘ull of wood, and hath great More of fret water in euery part of 


t is not pat t 
the Bann a 


m 
very good. At is a ſickly climat alſo, and giuen to much raine: here we walhed our ſhips, and: 
vp there ok our Pinneſſes. g 14 
The 15 dap captaine Plat died of ficknelle , and then fir Francis Drake began to keepe bist: oot 
bin, and to complaine of a {cowping 02 fluxe. : 7 
The 23 we let laile and ocd vp again foz Puerto Bello, which is but 3 leagues to the un MB a 
wards of Nombre de Dios. f gde 
Che denn ol The 28 at 4 of the clocke in the moꝛning our General ſir Francis Drake veparted this lie- He. 
ar knen Pulk uing bene extremelp ficke of aflure, which began the night before to lap on hün. We vledm Me ab 
ſpeeches at 02 a little befoze his death, rifing and apparelling bimfelfe, but being brought toy) Fe 90 
againe within one houre vied, e made his bzother Thomas Drake and captame Jonas Bode, Mom 
ham executoꝛs, and h. Thomas Drakes ſonne his heire to all his lands, except one mano) whi : the 
he gaue to captaine Bodenham, ant 
puerto Bello. The lame day we ankozed at Puerto Bello, being the bell harbour we found al along the mu * 
0 both foꝛ great ſhips and mall. There ſtandeth a faker thor off the ſhoze at the Caſterne pont: . tue 
little Glands and there is bet wirt the maine ¢ that 5 02 6 fadomes: but the beſtcomming inst, FE tye 
open mouth betwirt that land ¢ another Aland that lbethta the weltward witha range of to,, tier 
In Puerto Bello were but 8 op io houſes, beſides a great ne w houſe which they weren ie bot 
ding for the Gouernour that ſhould haue bene for that place: there was allo a betp ſtrong Foal the 
to the waters fine with flankers of great trees and ſtones Gillen with earth betweene: and had nog rep 
dur comming difappotuted their pꝛetence, they vould haue made it one of the ſtrongeſt placesin her 
all the maine. There they ment to haue builded a great towne, Te found there thace piecesof mir 
bꝛalle oꝛdinance lunke in the fea, which we weighed vp, all the people were fled and thelt goods fire 
carried away. : > ain 
Up within this bay there was alittle village but of no force , where we found a greuftechn⸗ mit 
uer, our men rowing vp Come two leagues found pillage, as wine and ople, and fome finall gun, nue 
titie of pron, After our comming hither to anker, and the ſolemne buriall of our GeneraitficFran. aur 
cis in the fea: Bir Thomas Baskeruill being abooꝛo the Defiance, where M. Bride madea fer: | ofth 
mon, hauing to his audience all the captaines in the flecte, fir Thomas commanded all abogdthe Gre 
Garland, with whom he held a Councell, c there ſhewing his CTommillion was accepted to, Gee lar 
neral & captain Bodenham made captaine of the Defiance ſt M. Sauill captaine of PAduentue, hapy 
The 27 died captaine lofias of the Delight, and captaine Egerton a Gentleman of the Fore. ſo w 
fight, and lames Wood chiefe chirurgion of the fleete out of the Garland. 1 
The 28 died Abraham Kendall out of the Saker.At this place we warered Againe wather our Cape 
chips ¢ made new ſailes, it being by the Generall and all the captaues agreed, that if we couloby mile 
any meanes turne vp agalne fon Santa Martha, we ſhould, if not, to goe directly fo England, | whic 
Pere allo we tooke in Come balaſt as our neede required. f not te 
The 6 of Februarie the Elizabeth of M. Wattes was diſcharged and ſunke, andthat daythe J ſelue 
Pegaſus iolly was going on fhope fo; water, carping no guarde: The Spaniards perceiung it land 
came Downe vpon them, killed two of them, and tooke 2 02 3 paifonces, and fo ranne vp into the and a 
woods againe. a tacke 
The ſeuenth the Delight and captaine Edens frigat were diſcharged and ſunke becauſe they ſhe m 
were old and leaked, and the Que enes thips wanted faplers, fleete 
Tbat day our men being muſtered we had ſicke and whole 2000. And the nert day be fet on tame 
thoze all our pꝛiſoners as Spaniards and Negros. But before at our firſt comming to boeno . fannie 
Bello fir Thomas ſent two of thole Spaniards ta Nombre de Dios and to Panamatofeichtan ly win 
fame fo Come of the chiefett prifoners, but they neuer returned againe, As we were letting ale Fe two JF 
there came one with a flagge of truce and told the General that they had taken 18 of our men and the m 
that they were well vled, adding that if he would fap 8 oꝛ io dapes longer they ſhould be bought hing 
krom Panama. e ſuppolep this to haue bene but a delay co haue kept vs there whilethe kings nie rtl 
forces had come about bp lea, as they baply expected, Ile {ct laile the 8 of Febzuarie, turning vp bad fo 
fo? Santa Martha, and the 14 bay twe ſam the Janda of Baru fome 1 4 leagues to the (Ciektwarn fate ¢ 
of Carthagena: The Gencrall that night told vs he would and in fop the tewne of Bam in ihe and at 
bey: bee cher nige blem lo much winde and tontinued that mall MOONE, that che fame night We ouer ! 
loft the Foreſight, anv the next day ſtanding ag aine to make the land which we had made, welot great: 
companie of the Sufan Parnel , The Helpe, ann the Pegaſus. Chen ihe next day we put ous fy Th 
and gaue citer Santa Martha. the St 


Cape S. Antonie, 


Cle 


2 of, [ir Fr. Drake, 


the maine , is not pat too 
Ppact of the Aland, any; 
we wathed our Hips, ani 


Drake began to keepe hig, 
ö but 3 leagues to the dg 


Drake departed this life,ha. 
Top on him, Ihe vled fony 
lfe, but being bꝛougbt to hep 

and captatne Jonas Boden, 
IDS, except one mano which 


we found al along the maiy 
pore at the Catterne pam! 
ut the belt comming inst 
ward with a range of kocht, 
ule which they werein bol 
8 alſo a very ſtrong Fopeat 
rarth betweene: and hangt 
one of the ſtrongeſt placegin 
found there thꝛee pieces of 
le were fled and their goons 


e we found a reat frethri. 
ople, and forme finall gun, 
all oF our Generallſt kran. 
phere M. Bride madea for: 
s commanded all aboond the 
ullion was accepted toy Gee 
ill captaine ol p Aduentur:, 
1a Gentleman of the Fore. 
and. 

warered againe weather our 
agreed, that il we could by 
o oe directly ſoꝛ England, 


and ſunke, andthat day the 
e Spaniards perceiung u 
£8, and fo ranne vp into the 


ged and ſunke becautethep 


And the nert day bee fet on 
r fit comming to bueno 
ND to Panama to feich rau 
+ As we were letting faile 
d taken 18 of our men, and 
ger they ſhould be bꝛought 
pt vs there whilethe kings 
8 of Febzuarie, turning vp 
leagues to the ¶Ueſtward 
02 the tewne of Baru inthe 
ue, chat che ſame night We 
which we had made, we lot 
e next day be put ouer in 


Cie 


i The laft vay.of fr Fr.Drake. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 589 
f Che 25 we ſaw the Aland of Grand Cayman ſome zo le 7 


ques to the Moreh weltward of Ja- The Grand 
| —maica, being alow ſandie Aland, hauing many toztoyſes about it. ' * Cayman, 
i tothe Catt of the 


She 26 we law the bie Land of Cuba to the Cattwardof the broken Tlands, 
Nuand ol Pinos and were imbapen in among thole dangerous places. But perteiuing it, we toon 
out againe Southloutheaſt and fo got cleere, and then toon alway Iueũt and by Marth for the 
le of Pinos, which we law the firſt of arch. It is a lom land with wood and frech water to the The Jie or 
Metern end. I you tome in with the middeſt of it vou ſhall lee riſe vp aboue the reit or the land 
802 9 round humockes, and the Meſtermoſt hath three in one, 

Berg thot foozth with the Celt end, and ſtanding in foto water we eſpled 20 layle of ſhips 
about one in the afternone, This was a third part of the fleete whichthe king {ent for Carthage. 
na, the teſl of the fleete being gone foz the Honduras. They were in all 60 ſailes fent onelp to 
meete our feete , being commanded whereſoeuer they heard we were, to come vpon vs with all 
their the kodces. This fleete which we met withall came ſtanding foz Cape de los Corrientes, 
and had bene refretheo at Havana. 

Afloone as they vifcried vs, they keyt clofe vpon a tacke thinking to get the winde of bo: 
woe weathered them, and when our Admiral with all the rect of our fleet were r ht in the winds 
epeofthem, fic Thomas Bas keruil 
their bꝛauerie, bare roome with them and commanded the Defiance not to ſhoot, but to keepe clofe 
hy to ſecond him. The Uiceaumirall ofthe Spaniards being a greater ſhip then any of ours and 


; 


Re 
ae 
3 
5 
sae 
Ag 
he 
= 


seauing their ad⸗ 


1 The fight conti⸗ 
nued two houres ¢ better. At ſunne ſet all the fleete tacked about to the Cauward, we continued 


dur courſe to the & Aeſtward fo2 cape de Ids Corrientes, ſuppoſing we ſyould haue met with wore 

| ofthcic conſozts. In this conflict in the Defiance we had fue men llaine, three Engliſh men, a 

> Grecke, aud a Negro. That night fame halle 
Auster, we ſaw a migbtie ſmoke rife out of 
happened by meanes of powder 

fo was conlumed and all burnt, 

The next dap being the lecond ol 


land that ſhe could not double the Cape, but tacked about to the Ead ward, e ſo was boch a ſterne 
and allo to lee ward of all our fleete: But when 
ktacked about to reſcue her: 
pe made the night before , they loofed vp into the middeſt of their feete againe, 
E flecte ſtayed untill the Salomon came vp, 
eme in light of by 
laundie bay where 3 07 4 hips map very 
ppuindes : there the Oponiardes began to fall a ſtern 


md another plate in Cuba called The Table 8 league tothe Caitwaro of the ctowne. The land . Ersten. 
douer Havana maketh two 


faw the Cape of Florida being but a reaſonable low land end 


Noken Wands to pe capt ot 
the alternoone we loſt fight of the ida, 


land es to le 
12 leagu 5 


590 


TheEnglith Voyages, A Libell of Spanifh lie. 


the Aopthward of the Cape. Alter me had difemboqued, we Mood Tiel till midnight, and were 
in 28 degrees, and chen Mood Moztheaſt till che 13 at night, when we were in 31 degrees. Any 
after ehe wind ſranted witha great ſtoꝛme, in which we lof the Bonauenture, aud the Lirtle lohn, 
they beating on head. Then we ood with our larboꝛd tacked Eaſtſoutheaſt. 

Che ig we were in 29 degrees our taurſe E aſtnoꝛtheaſi. Che 21 ve had a great flamme 
fale of winde ann much raine but large, And chen all the reff of our fleece fell a lerne except t 
Hope, which bare a head: ſo that there kept uo moe with the Admiral, but the Defiance, iq 
Aduenture, and the Phenix. 

Che 28 we were in 39 degrees, and flood away fo2 Flores, twhich the 8 of Apꝛill we ſaw m 
che g came to an anker on che Southſide, where we watered becaule the Defiance when we cany 
in had but two buts ol water. Me bartered with the Poꝛtugals for Come freth victuals, and in 
here on ſhoze at our comming away out of the Admiral our two Poztugall Pilots; whichſt 
Francis Drake caried out of England with him. 

The 10 being Eater · tue at night we Let ſaile the winde ſeruing vs to lie Come ſlent in an 
tourſe. Chat night and Calter day we bad much raine : the winde came vp at Moptheaſt, vn 
beate it vp ſome 30 leagues tothe Caltward, g then about tu the Werk, and ſo againe to the Eil, 
and tryed, and the next bond to the Ce, On Thursday towards night, being the 16 weehy 
fight of Coruo againe, we tryen all that night: and on Friday towards night we came to an a, 
ker to the Nell ward of the point ol Santa Cruz vnder Flores: but before midnight we dꝛaue any 
Set laile the next day ſtanding away Moꝛtheaſt. About thꝛee of the clocke in the afternoone ty 
winde came vp againe at Nozth. On ſunday the 19 by two of the clocke in the afternoone be 
bad made 20 leagues an Eaſt way: and then the winde came vp a good gale at JQopel wert, np 
fo Naꝑtheaſt with a flowne (hecte we made the bet wap we could: but being diſperſed Ly hy 
weather we arriued about the beginning of Map in the Wiek parts of England. And the lat 
ſpips which came in together to Plimmouth were the Defiance, the Garland, the Aduenue, 
and the Phenix, is 


A Libell of Spanith lies written by Don Bernaldino Delgadillode . 
wellanede, Generall of the king of Spaines Armada, concerning fome pat 
of the laſt voyage of Sir Francis Drake ; (gether with a conſutation of the moltncto- 
sious falfehoods therein contained, and a declaration ofthe truth by M. Henne Sanile 
Eſquire: and alſo an approbation of both by fir Thomas Baskerus! Generall ofher Me 
iefties Armada after the deceaſe of fir Francis Drake. 


To the courteous Reader. 


Jer Hereas Don Bernaldine Delgadille de eAnellaneda ,Generall of the Spanith 
mY 75 5 fleete, hath by his printed letters publiſhed to the world diueiſe vrtruthes, 
Concerning our fleete and che Commanders thereof, feeking thereby his 

5 6 q owne glorie, and our difgrace; I haue taken vpon me (though of many leat 
ese bie) eo confute the ſame, the rather for that the printed copie came fi 
1 into my hands, hauing my ſelfe bene Captaine of one of her Maictties hhips 

in the fame voyage. Take this therefore (gentle Reader) as a token of my dutie and loue to 
my countrey andcountrey-men, and expect onely a plaine truth. as from the pen of a ſaldiet 
and Nauigator: Which if you take in good part, youi may draw me hereafter to publifh {ome 
greater labour, 


Henry Savice 


To true copte of a letter found at the Cacking of Cadiz, mitten by Don BernaldinoDel- 
gadillo de Auellaneda, General of the king of Spaine his janie in the Welt Indies , ſent 
vnto Duri Peter Florez, Wpelivent of the contractation houſe to; the Indies, and by bim put in 
vum with ppiuilege s wherein are derlared many vnttuthes, and fale repopts, cenving to the 
Mfevace af the (eruice af her Maiettics Raule, and the commanders thereof , lately ent to he 
Weſt Indies, vnder the connnand of (it Francis Drake, and fir lonn Hawkins Generals at the 
fea ; and fit Thomas Baskeruill General at land: with a confutation of diuers groſſt lice anv 


bntruches, concapnen in the lame letter: cogecbex wich atone relation of tbe dgbe ami 


tye cru, él 


) ALibelly 
, (opia de) 


Geners 


2 F 
nn general de ac 
por quevenian fa 

que Franciſco D 


4 
25 
8 


4 y gente, aunque 
4 


dee lo que hatta, 
y tome la detrot 
fible, Lunes a « 
Pinos , en la enf 
buenos : fueme a 
ll viento con otre 
los ſuyos tres vez 
apartados fuymo: 
cabuzeria de los 
iilleria como fuel 
el nos arrimauai 
7 ee en hi 
le ſegui con nucu 
el cabo de Sant A 
nes de fu Magef 
ligencias q ie! 
vna pie ga, porque 
mitad, y los mejo 
renta dias, y anſi 
el tiempo lugar p 
que deſde que pa 
vna Zabra con ef 

| bajo, pero fin emt 
nos hazia, y mucl 
me an dexado vn 
murio el Draque 
Coronel Quebra: 
carne, y vandet 
ſer ciento y quare 
echa de ver en ell 


puede, y yo deſſe. 


Ei Licenciado 


de Seuilla y ſu 
Conde de Priego 
dela muerte de Fr: 
otto alguno. Sop 
aquinze de Mayo 


El Licenciad 


0 „ 
niſb lies, 
—— 
ight, and were 


degrees. And 
e Little lohn, 


great ſtonmi 
Ane except the 
Defiance, thy 


ill we ſaw m 
when we cany 
ctuals, and ii 
NBs Which fe 


ne ene in our 
ortheatt, un 
ne to the Caf, 
he 16 wee hu 
ame (0 an an, 
we Dpaue, any 
iternoone the 
afternoont we 
ozthwelt, any 
perſed bp hap 
. And the lat 
ye Aduentue, 


adillode J. 
g ſome part 
0 1 0 
Henne Saule 


rall ofher M- 


f the Spaniſn 
tfevnerurhes, 
g thereby his 
ofmany leit 
pie came fil 
laieſties fhips 
je and loue to 
n of a fouldiet 
publih (ome 


B. 


st 


8 


A Libell of Spanifh lier. Traffiques & Difcoueries, 
(opia de vna carta, que embio Don Bernaldino E elgadillo ce Auellaneda, 
General de le Armada de ſu Ntageltad, embiada al Dottor Pedyo Flores 
Prefidente de la caſa de la Contratacion de las Indias: en que trata del ſuceſſo de la Ar- 


mada de Ynglatserra, deſpues que partio de Panama, de que fus por General Franci{co 
Draque, y de ſu muerte, 


E Cartagena di cuenta a vueſtra Merced como fali del puerto de la ciudad de 
Lisbona, en buſca de la armada Ynglefa, aunque por la mucha prieſſa, no fe 
pudieron reparar tanbien los Galeones como fuera neceflario, y con el tiem. 
¥ pole perdio uno, y por defgracia fe quemo vn Filibote, y auiendo andado 
muchos dias en butca del enemigo, hafta que llegue a Cartagena, donde 
auiendo tomado el parecer de Don Pedro de Acunna Gouernador y capi- 
tan general de aquella ciudad, porque tenia mucha neceſſidad de agua, y repararlos Nauios 
por que venian faltos della, me detuue en aquel puerto, adonde tuve noticia por vn Auiſo, 


que Franciſeo Draque murio en Nombre de Dios, de pena de auer perdido tantos Baxeles 


y gente, aunque deſpues fe ſupo mas por eſtenſo. V auiendo dado a vueſtia Merced cuenta 


dee lo que hatta alli a fucedido, agora la doy de que ſali de aquel puerto a dos de Margo, 


tome la detrota de la Hauana, donde entendi hallarlo: y auiendo hecho la diligencia po- 
fible, Lunes à onze del dicho mes, alas dos defpues de medio dia, al ſalit de la Vſla de 


Pinos, en la enſenada de Guaniguanico, tope con el, que yua con catorze Nauios muy 


buenos: fueme artimando a el, aunque tenia el viento por ſuyo, y el Almiranta que yua mas 


al viento con otros dos N auios commenco arrimarfele, y aunque vino ſobre ella con todos 
los ſuyos tres vezes, no fue parte acercarſele paraque quifieffe enueftirslos que eſtauamos mas 


apartados fuymos dando bordos acercandonos hafta jugar la artilleria, Mofqueteria sy Ar- 
cabuzeria de los mas dellos , en lo qual el recibio muy conocido danno, el lo hizo con el ar- 
tilleria como ſuele, y particularmente el Almiranta, y en reconociendo la voluntad con que 
a el nos atrimauamos, con mas diligencia de lo que {e puede creer fe deſembatago de todos, 
oniendoſe en huyda, dando las velas , dexando en la mar todas las Lanchas que traya. Vo 
e {eguicon nueue Nauios toda la noche, y con quatro mas todo el dia, hafta hazerle doblar 


el cabo de Sant Anton, y tomar la derrota de la Canal de Bahama , conforme a las inſtrucio- 


nes de fu NMageſtad: ſiruio de poco el ver me con menos numero de Nauios, ni todas las di- 


4 ligencias q. te hizieron,, para que fe inclinafe a eſperar ni abordar, ni tirar vn arcabuz, ni 


Vu pie ga, porque el fe dio la diligencia que pudo, porque ſus Nauios los auia reduzido a la 
mitad, y los mejores, y eſtos acabaua de reparar en Puerto Bello, donde ſe eſtuvo mas de quae 


renta dias y anſi venian muy reparados; y yo ſaque los mios desbaratados, que nome dio 
el tiempo lugar para adere garlos. A que nauego dos meſes y medio, y tiaygo la capitana, 
que deſde que parti de Cartagena no an parado las bombas, y el dia que ſali ſe me Io atrimo 
vna Zabra con eſta neceſſidad; la Almiranta y los demas Nauios vienen con el miſmo tra- 
bajo, pero fin embargo. por lo que yo vi en los enemigos; era muy conocida la ventaja que 
nos hazia, y mucha dicha feria apoderarfe del, ſino es hallatlo ſobre el Ferro, Con todo eſſo 


me an dexado vn Nauio muy bueno en las manos con muy buena gente, la qual dize como 


murio el Draque en Nombre de Dios, y que va por general de la dicha armada Ynglefa el 
Coronel Quebraran, y por el poco lugar que fe a dado no an podido tomar Agua, lenna, ni 
carne, y van de manera que no fe como an de llegar a Ynglatierra, Entre la gente deuen de 


ſer ciento y quarenta, y quinze nobles capitanes de lo mejor de alli, y algunos ticos, ſegun fe 


echa de ver en ellos. No ſe oftece otra coſa: nueſtro ſennor guarde a vueſtra Merced, como 
puede, y yo deſſeo. De la Hauana, 30 de Marco, der 596. Annos. i 


Don Bernaldino Delgadillode Auellaneda, 


Ei Licenciado Don Tuan Bermudes y Figueroa, Teniente mayor de Aſſiſtente defta ciudad 
deSeuilla y fu tierra, que hago officio de Affiftente della por aliſencia de fu Sennoria del 
Conde de Priego, Doy licenciaa Rodrigo de Cabrera, pata que pueda imrrimirla Relacion 
dela muerte de Francifco Draque. La qual haga por dos meſes, y porellos no lo imprima 
otro alguno. So pena de diez mil marauedis pata la camara de ſu Mageftad, Fecha en Seuilla 
a quinze de Mayo, de mil y quinientos y Houenta y ſeys annos, 

El Licenciado Don Iuan Bermudez y Figueroa. 


Por ſu mandade, Gregorio Gutierex, , Ecrinano, 
The 


The Spanifh letter Englifhed. 


The Copie of a letter which Don Bernaldino Delgadillo de Ave, 


neda, Generall of the king of Spaine his armie, fent vnto Doctor a 
Florex, Prefident of the contractation houſe for the Indies, wherein he maketh men. 
tion of the ſucceſſe of the Englith armie, after they departed from Panama, Where 
of wasGenerall Francis Drake, and of his death, 


Rom Cartagena J gaue relation vnto pour TCopMip how J peparted from the 
citie of Lisbone, in the purſuite of the Englih ormie: although for the great halt 
the Galeons could not be ſo well repaired as was needful, and with fouſe Weitht 
one was loſt, and a Flp- boat was burnt, And hauing ſayled many dapes in pits 
fuite of the enemie, untill J arrived at Cartagena, and there taking the anni 
of Don Pedro de Acunna, Gouernour of the citie, and Captaine generall (fo wee hin gen 
neede of water, aud to repaire our ſhippes) we ſtayed in that port: whereas J had incelligen, 
by an Judian that Francis Drake died in Nombre de Dios, fo) very griefe that he had Lot fom, 
np Barkes and men, as was afterwards moze mamfeſtly knowen, Thus hauing giuen pol; 
relation of all that h ppened hitherto, now J let pou vnderſtand, that J left this Wort the em 
of March. and tooke our courſe towardes Havana, where J thought to haue found the Chohih 
flectz, And hauing vſed all the diligence poſlible, vpon Munday che eleuenth of the fa Imoneth, 
about two of the clocke in the afternoone, at the end of the Ile of Pinos, inthe entrence ot Ci. 
niguanico, J met with the English fleete, being fourceene very good ſhips: J dzew towarnes 
them although they had the winde of vs, and our Admirall who bore vp towards the winde, with 
other two ſhips beganne io dꝛaw necre them, and although we let thus vpon them, thyee tung 
with all their hips, pet would they not fet againe vpon vs, and thoſe of our men which were fiz, 
thet olf crped to them amaine, being both within ſhot of artillerie, mul kets, and caltucrs, wheres 
by they receiuev euident hurt vy vs: They plpedtheir great oꝛdinance actoꝛding to their mant, 
and eſpetially their Uiceadmirall, and ſeeing our reſolution how tharpe we were bent toward 
them, they with all erpedition and ſpeede poſſible prepared to flie wap, hopfing {ales and lea: 
uing thew boates for hatte in the fea: but J followed them, with nine ſhips all the night follow: 
ing, and with fourc more the wert day ill A made them double the Cape of O. Antonie, any 
to take the courſe towards the Chanell of Bahama, actoꝛding to the inſtructions frombhis Baie 
Mie, It little auailed vs to be ſerne, with lelle number ok chips, neither pet all the diligence we 
could vſe, could cauſe them to ſtay oʒ come neere vs, noz to ſboct off onc harquebuze opperreof 
artillerie, oz they fled away as fait as they could, and their ſhippes were halte diminicheb, and 
that the bet part of them; the reſt they repaired in Puerto Bello, whereas they were about foys 
tie dapes, and ſo by that meanes they were a'l well repayzed; and our ſbippes were verp fule, 
becauſe the time would not permit vs to trim them: J haue ſayled 2 mone chs andabelie in the 
Admiral. ſince we veparted from Caitagena, we haue nor repaired their pumpes un tlenſed 
them: and the fame day J departed tence, there come vnto me a [mall pinveile in the like di⸗ 
Qrefle : our Uiceadmirall and the reſt of our thips haue the like impediment, but no great hu⸗ 
derante vnto vs, fo ought I could perceiue by our enemies: It is manitert what aduantage ther 
bad of vs, and by no meanes was it poflible for vs to take them, vnleſle we could haue come tu 
haue found them at an anker. Neuerthelelle they left vs one good ſhippe behind: fo our ſhate, 
well manned, which tolde me that Drake died in Nombre de Dios, and that they haue made fo 
Generall of the Englich fleete the Colonel Quebraran: and alſo by me anes of the Imalltme ve⸗ 
ing fraightip followed by vs, they had no oppoztunitie to take either water, wood oz fleſh, and 
they are alla in {uch bad cafe, that J know not how they will be able to arriue in England. Che 
number of men we haue taken are about an hundꝛed and foptie and füfteene noble captaines ol 
their beſt fore, and ſome of them rich, as well map appeare by their behauiour: J laue no other 
thing to wite at this time. Dur Lov keepe pou who bet can, and as J delire. From Hauana 


the zo ol March, 159 6. 


ae 


Don Barnarptno Daroapitio 
Da Avsxianeva. 


The Englith Voyages, A Libellof Spanipble, 


He Lie 
null, a 
fence of the! 
imprint the f 
and no other 
rauedis for h 


The 


ee ee 
C 


his let 

Francis 
trueth, and f 
> bement gt seis 
this common 
to the hands o 
and Captaine 
Drake, and fi 
And chat the i 
Hentie Sauile 
> beceafter follo 


N 


wishes ie 


Fitſt the Get 


B place wyon the r 


cis Drake was c 
for it is molt cer 
the Generall be 
great danger of 
Des, and beapi 


Spanifh lies, 


Spanifolies confuted. Traffiques, & Difcoueries, 


593 


He Licenciat Dos lobe Bermudes of Figneroa Lieutenant of the Aſſiſl 1 
Tai, and the Prouince thereof, e ee ſupply the office ofthe 33 


e Aſſiſtant in the abs 
: fence ofthe Right honourable the Earle of o, giueth li 
5 5 Aelita imprint the Relation of the death of Frascis Dr, an yd way do Hebe eee 
ape ele e and gecnher to imprine the lime within the {aid terme „fon paine of tenne thoutfand Na- 
n 57 maketh hi naueds fot bis Maieſties chamber, Giuénin Sail! the 15 of Mey, 1596. 
anama, u hett. ; 
e * : The Licenciat Don John Bermudes of Figueroa, 
Departed fiom iy fe 3 
tothe gr rae x By his Affigne eee 
wich foute wan fe otarie, 
lay dayes in pr, by } 
» taki 4 bis letter of che General Don Bern / dino ſent into Spaine declaring the 
1 7 5 hire 4 WL Jaae Daksa shee fuppoted tante, was alton: ing the death of Sir 
HHAdintelligng ME suech, and la pleating was this ne wes vnto 
t he had Lot fom, 
auing given pan 
is Wort the fern 
found the Engi 
ok the Lard mone, 
e entrente ot On. e e ; 
J drew ihm RE Henrie Saule doth anfwere particularly to euerp vmrueth in che Cane letter contapned, ag 


BS the winde, with 


> beceafter followeth. 
them ,chreecines ie 


erate The anfivere to the Spanifh letter. 

ig tO ther manner 

a bent totvarns Fiiſt the General doth fay, that Francis Drake died at Nombre de Dios as he had intelli. 
ling Cailesandicg Be gence by an Indian, 

ll the night follow: | 


O. Antonie, and 
ns from his hie 
Li the diligence we 
uebuzt op peece of 
e diminiched, and 
p were about Fors 
s were bety feule, 
8 anda halte in the 
apes nop clenſed 
eile in the Uke di⸗ 
but no great hu 


Ade General ſent his newes into bis countrep confirme 


a Ceale of Armes: At is the fire newes in his letter, and it wag arm newes, e 
— it was the beſt newes 


2 | Ha the report of a filly Indian laue. Foz it had bene fuffictent to haue fapd, that Fran- 


U 


at aduantage ther von another, voth not ceate vutlll be bath Dawen them into le * 
onto aue cone e, and ſo vuth commenoe them onto Peter the Doctoz , as cenſoz of his ea 5 
ind: fox our hare, . 

i ba mat (a, fe Secondly, The Generall doth write vnto the Doctor, that Francis Drake died for very 
the {imalitime,bes grief thet he had loft fo many barkes and men, 

wood oz fleſh, and : 5 : 
inEngland Ce Aden boty nge thas the General op the Gnnian, thom bee both vouch fo bis lie, 
noble bpb : Aten dane luch (peculasion in the Lovie of him whom chey neuer lam, as to bellüber for 


: Flaue no other 
e. From Hauana 


dend Unto his cauntrie, the very cauſe op diſeaſe whercof hee died: and this ſetond report of 
ists moze grolle then the fir, Io; admit the miſtaking of the plate might deren; not⸗ 
— . —.— 2 bis death doth manifettiy prooue that the Ge 
0 a i ion ino 
8 he atour ofthe : s concerning the lolſe of any Barkes oz men in our Don Bernstdi 


.GADILLO 
BDA. 


the kings fius 
Frigats. 


The Englith Voyages, Spanifh lies confuted, 


and one other was ſunke in che fame harbour, and the other chyce were burnt amoagt my 
ther ippes at the taking ol Cadiz, This J thiale in wiſe mens tungements, mill ferme i 
Che ceeraine ty cule tammake a man (oyowwe to Beath, Hop tru ic te Ar Francis Drake Diew of tit fay 
i PraneeDrae tobich bee had growen bpon bitn eight napes befone bis death. and peetoen up bis (piri l 
0. Cbndian to bis crestout quictlp in bis cabin. And when the Gener all hall ſurutp bis lui, 
be chall finve it moze then che lolle ol the Englilb, and the mol ol his, della ed bp the bull 
but the Death of Sir Francis Drake was ol to great comfoze vnto the Mpantard , that t uu 
ihougbt to be a fuffictent amendes, although their whole fleece ban been vtterly loft, 


Thirdly, the Generall doth fay of his owne credite, and not by intelligence from any 
Indian or other, that on the eleuenth of March laſt he met che Englith flecten ihe 
lle of Pines, being fourteene good ſhippes: who although ge am the winde 
of him, yet he ſet vpon them three times with all their fhippes: but che Expl, 
fleete fed , andrefuled to fight, ſhooting now and cheu a fhot , but efpecialy ty 


Viceadmirall. 


MIA His third lie of the Generall Don Bernaldino Delgadillode Avellaneda (twhefenay 

for the proliritie tdercol may be dꝛawen fometwhat neere the length of a cable) huhn 

A page ot colour of protection, but it hatha int propoption inmeafure to the lies of olde Bornardina de 

Mpanih ets. Mendoga his countreyman, concerning the ouerthꝛowe of bir Mateſties Nauie in the pure 

one thouſand fiue hundzedeightic and eight, Foz except Don Bernaldino the General hn 

pote to winne the whetitone from Don Bernardino de Mendoga the olbe Sppantth jpn; J 

cannot coniecture why be ſhould write to his countrep fo; a truth, that he chafen the Cagis 

Nauie with nine ſhtppes, and di ehece ſeuerall times gine the onlet to the Englich fete, vn 

being fourteene good thippes (as he ſaith) did fie and refuſe tollaht; tonlidering ttt dy 

D ente nich Niceadmirali ( it he be lining ) and many other, can witnefle the contrarie: wis Artring 

Annan et s, like a true valiant matt, departed (rom the light with a tonne and battered ſhippe ꝶ (ue ter 

tour. from linking. Meuher can Z imagine that there is anp one in the Sppanifh fleete (Don Ber. 

naldino excepted) that will Cap they were leſſe chen twentie layle of 415 when they met 

the Englith lleete: and ihe Spaniſb Nauie can witnetle that chep receiued (uch Cope of bulls 

from the Eng liſb fleete, that they were glad bee fa tied ot ihem the Engi ngs 

rg wie dir bolde cbeit determined courte : Ano taking a blewe of the Sppanith flcete iran di, 

Saye ches the their number was not aboue thitteene hips, which did argue that they were either funke 0) la 
to harbour to ſaue themlelues. 


r Fourthly, the General faith, hat the Englith fleete led away, and left cheir *oaresforhat 
1 behind them in the ſea. 


rt 


A 


intelligence ftom 

he Englith fleetes it, 
th they had the wind. 
pes: bor the Eapiih 
hot, but efpecially de 


vellaneda ( wbolt um 
sth of a cable) huhn 
} OF olde Bernaidino de 
ies auie in the pure 
10 the Generell donn 
olde Mpaniſh pn; 4 
he chaten the Cart 
Me b 
nſidering ch + 
nerarie: tho 
ered ſhippe te lane her 
yanifh fleece ( Don Ber. 
es when they met 
ned ſuch More of bullers 
K ihem the Engi ns, 
miſh fleete thenert vay, 
were either funke 0) ley 


eft their *oaresfor hat 


thence there was not in 
E caves: as in the outs 
m aboorn their (hinges, 
and therefoze net ibelp 
sec pho — 
ain nglid, 
— + Gt is finneto bee 
er is ſo well contrived, 


chat is, A liar ought to haue 


to reuoke the tellimonie whic 
Drake his 


heither can the Ge 
the death 


Heaniſb lier confuted. Traffiques, & Difcoueries, 


Fifily, the Generall doth fay in his printed letter, that notwithftan 


ding all the diligence 


he could vie , he could not eauſe the Englith Aeete to ſtay nor come neere them, nor 
difcharge one harquebuze or peece of artillerie , but fled away as faſt as they could, 


520 this lie alfo he Doth not recetue bp intelligence front any other, but himlelle wos an 


ept · witneſſe in the action, 


which made him bold to ſende this with the reſt into bis couns 


turrene newes + but veremm Don Bernaldino mas moze bolde then wile, for the tomne 
— poe os fines of bis Galeons, being compared with her Watetties ſhippes, and others that ape 
ferned in that fight, doe declare, that his thips recetuen at leaſt two bulle tbe bu 
it be concealeo but his owne 1 do fauour truth) may eaſilp ſee the loſſe, and late bene Bor 
ations, done vnto the kings fleete, lit ft 
enſoeuer they that remaine all arriue in Spaine. But the Generall ſeemeth to be a very 
goon ppoficiencin bis pꝛokelllon, ano wareth ſomewhat bold, treaving the true ſteps of olde Ber- 
vardino de Mendoga: and pet Mendoęa was ſomewhat more warte in bis lies, for he had comes 
mtme the colour of intelligence to hadowe them: but the Generall growing from boldneſle to 
©) impubencie maktth no ſcruple to ſap. that the Engliſh Mauie fled as fact as they could without 
dſſtharging any harquebuse oz peete of artlllerie, when as the batte red fives of his ſhips doc re: 
mute the lie to bis faces Fon iu this conflict Don Bernaldino did behaue bimfelfe fo valiantlp, 
that he was alwayes fartheſt off in the fight, and had fo great care of his owne perfon, that he 
Moode cleare from the danger of mul ket oz any (mall (hot, and durſt not appꝛoch; whereas our 
Generali was the fo emolt, and fo helde bis place, vntill by order of fight other ſhippes were to Ne 
haue their turnes, accopding to his fopmer direction: who wilelp and politikelp had ſo ozdered Nau. 
his vangarde, and rereward, that as the manner of it was altogether range to the Spaniarde, 
ſo might thep haue bene without all hope of victorie , if their Generall bad bene aman of any Cpm W 
iudge ment infea-fights: A knowe no reaſon why the Engliſh Maute ſhould flie from him; fop P 44 
the Spaniarde map put all the gaine in his eye chat euer he did winne from the Englich: Perab⸗ 
uenture fome lilly novice of our countrep meeting the Generall in Spaine, and hearing a rrpe⸗ 
tition of ſo many lillables in one name, ag Don Bernaldino Delgadillo de Auellaneda, might 
thinke them to be woꝛdes of coniuration, and for feare of rapling a ſpirit, might fie from him 
as ktom the Deuill: 07 ſome ſimple Indian llaue hearing the like repetition o his long and tes 
dious name, might ſuppoſe it to be an armie of Spaniards, and for feare runne away: but the 
Commanders and captaines of the Engliſh Nauie were men of luch reſolu 
bpagges ce vd diſmay them ( for they haue often met them wich their Pikes in theit Spanith 
beardes ) nop the countenance of Don Bernaldino quaile them, although hee were acowered in lud. 
bis gilt leather bulking, and his Toledo to pier. 


ts fo one. either can fi 


thence they did encounter with the Englich auie, 


Sixtly, the Generall faith in his letter, that notwithſtanding their flying away fo faſt, the 


kagliſh left them one good ſhip well manned, who tolde him that Drake dyed in 


Nombre de Dios: in which ſhip were one hundred and fottie men , and fifteene noble 
captaines of che beſt fore, 


of Sit Francis Drake 
tol fallely affirme in the latter 


T He Generall Don Bernaldino, like a refolute Spaniarde hauing alteady gone ouce his 
fhooes, maketh no danger to wade ouer bis bootes alſo: and as he hath begunne, fo bee 
doch conclior, J maruaile that he did not in wziting his dilcourle remember this old ſaying: 
a good memorie: It were much better for bim in mine opinion 
b be faith be bad from the Engliſhmen, concerning Sir Francis 
death at Nombre de Dios, and ſtand to the intelligence receiued from ihe lilly Indian 
lite, as it appeareth in his firſt lie: fop without all doubt there is no Engliſh man that will fap 
(ithe baue bis right lenles) that he sped at Nombre de Dios » fog they all knowe the contrarie: 
neral auouch that be recelued intelligente from any Engl man, that after 
they did elect fe; General Colonel Quebraran (as he DOth pon zernsidine | 
ende of bis valne and frinolous letter) teeing that this name . Lr 
wast e vnknowen to any in the Englich ante, Neither vo J imagine that anpof thoſe ang gs 
ieh dye Generali ſuith he bath taken, were ſo fongetkull, as not to remember their Generals "ame. 
nume. But without all doubt this addition 
Ball, both pꝛooue that Don Bernaldino is not vnkurniſbed of a forge and ſtoꝛehouſe of lies, from 
Whence as ltd an euecflowing fotiraine, he endeth Foaty ee forte ſufficient fo9 his own tore, 
2 


of fo new and Grange a name to the Engliſh Genes 


reſolution, that no Spanith . 


596 TheEnglith Voyages, Spaniſb lies confuted, 


and great plentie to furniſh his friends : the Generall was much beholding to his goofathery ty 
who gaue him the name Bernaldine, which we in Cnglith doe take to be platne Barnard , which * 
282 name hath as it were a kinde of priutlege from being ſharpely repꝛehended, when the partie ig wi 
Die this And thought to erve : for it is a connmon (oping amongtt che (rhoolemen that Bernardus non vider cot 
640, Ubi ide omnia, viz. Barnard ſceth not all chings, (uten he both oillent from their opinions ) the whiry rn 
doe thinke rhe laudur we tould be content to peeld to Bernaldino fop tye name fake ,1fhe were not taken wu) fly 
autho) to sre ſo many manifert and tinpudent lies: neither doe I thinke that Sennor Bernaldino will fap, iu we 
he lawe all that he hath witten, be it ſyoken incouncell for ſhaming the General: for ts ther of | 
any man fo voide of reafon ag to thinke, that any Englichman being demanded of his Generay tai 
Khe difference Nane, would write oz ſpeake Quebraran fo; Baskeruil, So much difference there is in the of 
and Quebravan found of the fillables , as there is no affintt ie at all, op likelihood of truth. But (uch are the Se, An 
nerals rare gifts, (be it fyoken to his fall pꝛapſe) that we Engliſhmen mut ok force confer, in 
that the Generall hath giuen a pꝛoud onſet to carrie the whetſtone from Sennor Bernardino de El 
Mendoga: neither will the hundzed ano foztie men and fifteene noble Captaines (which he laß TE bee 
he did take, of whom he might haue bene rightly infogmed of their Gene rals name) acquit hin E 
of lying foꝛgerie, fop giuing the name of Quebraranto the Engliſh Oenerall. As for the gon 1 in 
ſbippe well manned, which he ſaith the Englich left them alter the fight, Jam perlwaded he hap 1 
no man to witneſſe that lie, for the ſhip was ſeparated by weather From the Englich ſleete in the bau 
night, thirteene dayes before the fight with the Spanich Mauie, and neuer to any mans know 4 wit 
Che Generali {edge came more in fight of the Engliſh fleece, I the Spaniſh Hip by chance did take the (aie C 
Peon 9 well manned ſhip (as they call her) J doubt not but they haue the ſhip, the hund ed and forty men, bei 
20 biteets and the fifte ene noble Captaines tothcw: But euermoze J geſſe the Spanith reckoning wil il 5 nog 
io tupporee > Hort when it is examined, ko the Aftecne noble Captaines will pꝛooue (as J take it) but ttt, ber 
2 whofe loſſe I grieue to thinke on: either did the Spaniards gaine them by valour, oz we loole book 
Ehe 15 noble on leaue them for cowardiſe, as moſt vntruely this bzagging lier hach certilled. But the Gent i fap 
442 rall like a pꝛouident man, to make his fame and credite the greater with his Pince and countrey, did 
Weuerals iy. taketh vpon hun ( amongſt other his miracles perkoymed before the Engliſh fleete) by way ole. bur 
e plification to make ſmall matters ſeeme great, as a little ſhooe to ſerue a great koote, and ing = gar 
Dut ther. that it can hardly be bꝛought to pafle , he dotl fo uretch the leather with his teeth that itis reanie win 
to bzeake: and pet notwithllanding al this will not ſerue his purpole; fo the pꝛinting of the letter rale 
doth marre the plap, and hzingeth ſuch matter in que ſtion, as the Generall doth with might be nue 
concealed, and were he not of fo dꝛie and cholerick a complexion, as commonly Spanlacdsart, lun 
he would bluth for very ſhame in publiſhing lo impudently luch manifelt vntruthes. Foy fithence witt 
his meeting with the Engliſh fleece at the Ile of Pinos, there hath bene by the worthie Engh tung 
| Che Arn vices Generals an honourable expedition from England into the Continent of Spaine, where among | bpel 
n oftbe Se other exploites hauing taken the citie of Cadiz , intheCacke thereof was found {ome ofDon fe dun 
letter, Bernaldino his printed letters: which comming to the handes of a captaine that ſerutd n Sir pPeſid 
Francis Drakes {aft vopage to the Welt Indies, he hath thought very fit (in regard ofthe flane | whic 
ders to the Cli Mauie contained in the Caive letter) to quote the errors, that the tructhonely ning 
may appeare, to all ſuch as haue a deſire to be righily inkoꝛmed of (uch accidents as befell themin tes f 
this late voyage to the Welt Indies: and this map Cuffife to ew Don Bernaldino Delgadilo de nere 
Auellaneda his great iudgement in amplyfping ſmall matters, 02 of nothing to make in ſhewe of th 
ſomewhat. And now hauing thus farre infoꝛmed pou of the trueth in repꝛooke of the fanverous, tore 
kalle, and vntrue reports of this glogious lying Generall, with a true diſpꝛoofe to (ome of the ; | 
groflett of his lies, I will leaue him with the reſt of his lying letter, and the circumſtancesthere ſeene 
in contained to pour cenlures: who in viſcretion map ealilp diſcerne the ſame: And haue htte ſol⸗ perte 
ie lowing plainelp and truely (ee daowne the courſe and oꝛder of our whole fight after we met, a 
1 The meeting of our Englifh Nauie and the Spaniſh fleete, add bas 
the order of our encounter, | oo 
4 Unday the felt of March, according to our computation , wee veferyed the Te the ar 
11 land of Pinos, where haling in for the LUleſterne part thercok, thinking there p die l 
Ce firt dir 7 N 7 7 to haue watered, being within foure leagues off it Southerlp, we ſentin thee : 
ete of ae iON et Gut Pinnettes to Deecouer the harbour, and to found aloze vs, abourene : 
* el the clocke in the afternoone; the lame dap we dilcouered a fleete of twente 
failes , and deeming them to be the Spaniſhfleete, we kept our loofe to get the 


winde, but their Miceadmirall with diuers other (hips went about to cut off our Pinneſſes 3 


h lies confuted, F\ Spanifhsesconfuted. Trafliques & Biſcoueries. 597 


eS 
ding to bis goDfatherg N 
‘plane Batnard, which . taccke, and lo ranne in to wardes the lande keeping rhe unde, lo as we tecouered our inne ſſe s 


Ded, When the partie n FR which forced the enemies thippes to cacke about, and to take the ade of their leete, and being i 
t Bernardus non vider c jome neere vnto them they thot at vs; we Gill approchen , hauing our clole fights vp , our flags, 0 
ir opinions ) the which enfignrs and gamers dilplaped, our men opoerip placed in cach quarter, but forbare our 1 
he were not taken uu) fight vntill our Oenerall beganne , ano gaue vs warning tu come in and light, bp thooting off a 
ernaldino will ſap, in greatpeece , accopving to bis ſonmet dicections: ſo being within mulker thot, the Uiceadmirall 1 
Gente rall: for ts there del the Rpanith fleete came necred vnto vn, to whom our Ulceadmirall Iohn Traughton Cap - Che ments 
nanded of his General tune of the Elizabeth Bonaduentute gaue light, bet wixt whom there was the greatet voley Sian my, 
iffercnce there is in the of (imall (hot changed that lightlp bath bene beard at Sea, which continued a long Valle houre, the Spa 1 
But ſuch are the Ge An which time che Spanith fleece came in to light. Dur Oenerall fle Thomas Baskeruill being hive, 0 
n muſt ok force conte, . n the Garland (whereof Humphrey Reignolds was Captaine, being the nert ippe vnto the 1 | 
Sennor Bernardino de Elizabeth Bonaduenture ) bare vp co the tu mie, plaping with bis great ogdinance hotly vntill 1 ö 
ptaines (which he uu) ie be came wibin mul het ſbot. Lonas Bodenham Captaine of the Defiance, and Henrie Sauile Hii 
trals name) acquithin ie Captaine of the Aduencure, came likewiſe in to fight with them. After the Garland being wich · i i 
nerall. As for the goa n mulnet thot played her patt, and made goon fight for the ſpace of anheure, The Defiance +i 
Jamperſwaded he hah bare up hkewife and had ber tutue: after came the Aduencure againe within mutket Mor, who 0 

he Englich fleece in thy | hauing changed many a great bullet wich them vefoze, renctucd his night y continued it an houre | 
uer to any mans know wich ſmall (hot, Then came! homas Drake Captaine of the Hope, who laſt of all had his turne. VE 
hance did take the (ave Thus had all the Queenes ſbippes their courte: The marchants thips with other ſmall vetlelg 10400 
e bhundzed and fortymen, being without the Queenes thips , hot when they law oppoztunitie, Alter the entmie liuding fh 
anith reckoning will fill nao gcod to be done (being well beaten) Fell from vs, the Aduentute plaping vpon them with ti 
as I take it) but three, ber great oꝛdinance, made thee of che Lal thor at them: iheir Uiceadmirall with diuers others 8 Spanity 

n by valour, oz we looſe bl thete thips, were fo beaten hac they left off the fight, and were forced to lie in the winde, . 

tien, But the Genes ux that they durtt not lle ok either bogs by reafon ol their manp and great leakes , which they war inecetle 


is Pince and country, bid reteiued bo dur great thor, Che Generall wich the rel of their fleete tacking about, fell in tee ee 
iſh flecte)by way ofarne N 


baut wake, thinking to get the winde, which inthe beginning wee ſought to hinder, But our 
great Foote, and finding Si uerall Cecing that in holding the winde we ſhould (hoot our felucs into the bay, gaue them the Sawa 
ns teeth chacicisrearic f wade. All that night they kept chenifelues vpon our bade lde, notwichttanding our Apmis Tan bie ate 
the princing okthe liter ral catrieo his creſſet. light all night, bautng great cave or our fmallct ſhippes. This fight conti ⸗ nabe rd 
rall Doth with might be | hued about foure houres till it was neere night, in the which ligbt. thankes be to God there were ume was 
nmonly Spaniardsare, Alune ſo fem perlons of our Engliſh leete, as 3 chinke the like conflict bath not bene perfoʒmed = 
untruthes. Forfithenre , withſo litle lolle of men: Ulhat harme befell the Spanlarbs in thgit fleete J leaue to pour d le. 
by the worthie Engh uogements. Pet our eyes can witneſſc their ſhips were (ore beaten and rakrbthozough, where be pfl 
Spaine, where amongtt by there was (uch falling backe and lying by the lee to cope their teakes, as ſome of them were lle im this 
vas found ſome of Don dꝛuuen to haſte away, and rather to runme on (hore to ſaue themſelues then linke in the Sea: ondict, 
taine that ſerurd in Sir beides within two houres alter our fight with them, we fate one of their great ſhippes on fire 
t (in regard of the flame which burnt into the Sea, and all the ferne of another of their ſhips blowen vp: And in the moz⸗ 
18, that the cructhonelp nung a ſbippe ot our fleete was runne ( neere the land, that to double the Cape del Corrien. 
idents as befell them in tes he mult of nereſſitie tacke it ant fallin the wake of the enemie » which cauſed our Gee 
rnaldino Delgadillode nerall in the Garland ann efiance to tacke about which two ſhiys forcen the thnee ſhips 
thing to make in ſhewe of the enemies (which were put forth to take our ſbippe. or elſe to caufe her runne on ground) 
nooke of the lanverous, T uorcturne to their fleere to ſaue themlelues, hoyſing all their faples fop hatte: This mogning 
vifproofe to ſome of the | they were faire bp ve hauing the winde of vs, being but thirteene Caple of their twentie to be de remam · 
he circumſtancts there ſeene: then we Croke our tappe Caples thinking to haue fought with chem againe, which they es 3 
ame: And haue here fole Perceiuing tacked about from vs, and after that neuer durſt nop would come neere bs: Chat weredur wpe 
ight alter we met, became of the rett of their flecte wee knowe not » but true it was that they were in great pis teene lala. 

Arefle minttily beaten and tapne, by hauing receiued many bullets from vs, All this day wee 

aniſh fleete ; and | padfinhtofthem, but they ſhewed little will to fight om come neere vs, fo we ketping our courſe 


bifcourte of aur fighe with the Spanih fleete, Che which the autho z hereo will witife with 
n, wee deſcrym the X ] de aduenture of his lile, againtt anp Sopaniarne ſeruing in chat action, that thall contradict 
thercok, thinung there HRT the lame. stil 2 
utherlp, we ſent in ther 


ane bs, about ene d 5 
reba of tent 4 HENRY SAVILE, 

kept our loofe to ge 5 

t mee Pinneſſes * D dd 3 Tomas 


598 


TheEnglith Voyages, Sir Anthony Sherley, 


Thomas Baskeruil knight, his approbation to the former two. 
fold difeourfe of Captaine Senile. 


Thomas Baskeruill knight, Generall of her Matetties late Indian armada iy 
the late conflict had Lecweene the Spanth flecce and vs, hauing peruler the 
Spaniſb letter written by Don Bernaldino Delgadillo de Aueſſaneda, Ge: 
nerall ot the king of Spaines Rauie, and aifobautng perufen captaine Henrie 
Sauile his anfweres bute che fire exceptions in the Generals letter, with big 
difcoucte of the manner of or fight with che Spantilh flecte , doe fap that the 
ſaid Henrie Sauile hath anflvered the letter, aun fet Downe the opder of the fight fincerelp ceo 
bing to truth, foz teſtimonie of which Z haue bereuntofer mp hand. 

Aud if Don Bernaldino Delgadillo de Auellaneda the Generall ſhall take anp exceptions 
to this mp approbacion, oꝝ Rand in che iuſtification of his lying letter written to Doctoy Peter 
Florez, Nꝛelident of ebe Contractation houſe fo; the Indies, and by him lo Bernaldinos lorie 
lacelp put in pants I then Cap that be falſely lyed, and that J will maintaine againſt him wut 
whatſocuer armes be thall make chopce of. And becauſe the kingdomes wherein we abide ary 
enemies ( vy realon ol wech chere is nomeanes in either of them, to muintaine that J haue wit 
ten) let him make choiſe of anp indifferent kingdome of equall diſtance from either realtn, 
and J will there be readie to maintaine as much as A haue wpicten ; But tf by mypimploymens 
into France J be ſo ſtaped by her aieſties commandements, that J cannot out of that realm 
meete him in any other, J cannot fee why be ſbould take any exception to that sContidering the 
equalitie of the place, and that the Armies of boch our 1Pzinces be there reſident. 


4 Tuomas BAsxTRVIII 


A true relation of the voyage vndertaken by Sir Anthony Shly 
Knightin Anno 1 5 9 6. intended for the Ile of San Tomé , but performed 
to S. Jago, Dowsinsca, Margarita, along the coaſt of Tierra firma , tothe lle of 
Jamaica ,the bay of the Hondaras, 30 leagues vp Rie Dolce , and homeward 


Pa NZ 10 

2 3 | fae 
4 2 1 
wa =| 
Sieh rs 


— 


Newfonndiand, With the memorable exploytes atchieued in all this voyage, 


7 = 


E departed from Hampton the 23 of Appill with nine thips and a gallie, Che 
Beuice Admiral being 300 tunnes, the Galeon Giceadmirall being 240 
tunnes Tbe George Rercadmiirall beng 160 tunnes, The Archangel bring 
2; tunes. Tbe Swanne 200 tunnes,the George Noble being 1 4otunnes, 
the Wolfe 70 tunnes, the Mermayde 1 20tunnes, the Little lohn om 
the Galley and a Pinneſſe. All which tips we ſufficient ly victualltd and fur. 
niſbed for ten monethes, with all neteſlaries fic for the voyage. They were allo mand with 
ſeuldiers and ſaplers, exceeding well appointed with all furniture netellarie fop the intended 
pui poſe of our General to the full numbet of goo, ratablp ¢ oꝛderlp diſtributed into euerp (hip, 
Ac arriued at Plimmouth the 29 of Amill, where wee found the Right honourable Earieot 
Eſſex readie fo2 the attempt of his Cadiz Action, with whom our Oenerall let chyce (hips am 
zoo ſouldiers well victualed and furuiſhed. Mo the 21 of May we departed from Plimasouth 
wich the Beuice, the Gallion, the George, the George Noble, the Wolfe and the Galley un 
Pinneſſe, determining our vopage for the Fle of S. Tome, But if our whole force hub ti, 
Mapned with vs our Generals purpoſe was to baue lirſt ſacht the Madera Ble , and fo to hau 
proceeded for D. Tomé, Che 27 of Pap we arriuen vpon the coatt of Spaine, coatting allthe 
thone , hoping to meete with fome ol the kings hips, #rom thence we pat in fiche of the coattof 
Barbary, and came to Mafagane , within (hot of the Fore, which our Generall reportedcobea 
excellent fortification, where the Sppantard is in trong garriſon. And bending our courte ln the 
Canarie Gles there purpoſing to water, our galley loft her rupder; fo our Generali pirectes 
the George Noble ta gee fop the Me Mogador , there to repaire the Gallies wants, Berwerne 
which place and the Canarie les we tooke a fly- bote of two hundzed tunnes bound fo Bra- 
fill, hauing nothing abooꝛd her but Come finali portion of victuals for their reliefe. CheCapteine 
of this Flybote tooke vpon him to be a perfect Pilot of S. Tomé , and willingly confentes to 
Rap with vs, being a letag, Herlag wacered at the Canaries , be the countellof Gis Fie 

we thaped our courſe ſoꝭ the Ales of Cape Verde, be aſſuring vs that we ſbould cheremert 
— —— fo2 the peeve — — — 


Che 


Bt 


... Se eee An 


777... ce Ae ea ena 


Kr Anth 


3 
the 

Poe üer. 

out popage,be 

exceening lick 

10 degrees of. 


| = General now 
krtremitp, ba 


cellent ſouerei 
uancement of h 
tions. And be 
ther as if himſe 
him, onto whor 
lo emne pꝛotel 
Guyocamof t 
throw, and inf 
diuert our purp 


tit was our beit 
ling krom chis 
double the dott 
bell. In line u 


keel ſicke, and th 


‘ the heauens did 


q tlothes oz in tn: 


So by a gen 


ö the rather, beca 


med. Do web 


dl Auguſt, we y 
mo meale. 


Alter we w. 
gan to recouer 


the people mani 


pour ſelues that 
quicely to patted 


y Sher ley, 


— — 
mer two. 


mane . 
. — 3 8 
ptaine Henrie 
0 I 
oe ſap t 

incerely ms 


anp exceptions 
Docto; Peter 
raldinos gloyig 
atnſt bim wiry 
n we abide are 


ERVILE 


bony Sherley 
it performed 
„ tothe lle of 
omewarde by 
$ Voyage, 


ptiallen and furs 

o manned with 

N the intended 

neo euety Hip, 
arable Ele of 
chace thips and 
m Plimasouth 
the Galley ang 
le force had res 
and ſo to haut 
coatting all the 
t of the coattof 


Sir Anthony Sherley. Traffiques & Difcoucries, 399 
The lirſt of July we fell with the Ille Maio, where wee ſaw {mall hope ofanp feete to bee ers Abe er 


petted o therelope Departed fop Cape Verde, the appointed place fo the George noble to meete * 
vs: where we arriued the lift ol July, and there found him. And ſo inttantly we proceened for 
our voyage, becaule the peese was karre ſpent. At this place mo vnlomtunately our General fell 
exceeding ficke, and we wanting water were enforced to goe witha place named Peſcadotes in 
ro degrees of Hoꝛth Latitude, where we had manylkirmiches with the barbarous Negros. Our 
Generall now hopeleſle of life, and we all diſinaped aud comfoꝛtleſle though that his erceeding 
exteentp , daulug bis memofp verp pertit, be callen all his Capcames, Poſters, and offitera vn⸗ 
to bim, onto thom he made a ver? pitbie and briefe leech, tending to this purpole : Chat as we 
were Chpitians anv all baptifen and bed vp vnder one and the true faith, fo wee ſhould line comes 
ther like Chꝛiſtians in the feare and ſeruite of Gon: And as we were the lubiects of our moſt er: 
cellent ſourreigne. and had bowen obedience vnto her: lo we houldcendallour courtesto the ade 
uancement of her dignitp, and the good ofour countrep, and not to enter into any bale oꝛ vnũt ace 
tions, And berauſe we came fo2 his loue into this action that fo; his ake we would ſo loue toge⸗ 
ther as il himſelke were Rill living with vs, and that we would follow (as our chiefe commander) 
hun. onco whom onder his hand he would giue commiſlion to ſucc⸗ede himlelle: all which with 
lo emne pꝛoteſtation we granted to obey. Then fop that the pere was paſt, and finding the cot of 
Guyoca moſt tempeſtuous, hee law in reaſon that the bap of Ethiopia would be our vtter ouer⸗ 
thꝛow, and inkect vs all to death: whereupon he aduiſed vs to be reſpectiue of our ſelues, and to 
diuert our purpoſe from S. Tomè either foꝛ Braſil oꝛthe Weſt India, peelbing many reaſons that 
tit was our beſt courſe: but we all with one voire vefired to procecdeforS.Tomé, And ſo depar⸗ 
| ting from this contagious filthy place, we directed our courte for S. Tomè᷑, but could by no means 
double the wholds ol Madrabomba, but bery dangeroullp ran into ſheld water Mill hoping of the 
belt. In fine we were enforcen to beare vp x take (ome other courſez fo2 the time waſted, our men dente 
bell ſicke, and the toaſt was contagious alwapes raging ¢ tempeſtuous. The water falling from gious ¢ filthy 
dhe beauens did dine, amm dur in 6 houres turne into maggots where it Ecllleither among our Place. 
tlothes , oꝛ in wads ol Ocombe. : 
: So bp a general conſent it was heldto be our be courſe to goe koꝛ the Welk India; ¢ fo much 
the rather, becauſe we had good pilots fop that place, who vndertooke moze then was after perfors 

med. So we bent our conrſe for the Illes of Cape Verde, arriuing at the Ille o S. lago the 30 
ol Auguſt, we pꝛeſently landed at Praia, where we found a final barke in the rode laden with wine 
und meale. * 

Alter we were departed from this bile coatt of Guyny our General to our great comlozts be. 1 
gan to retouer ſtrengih ſo that being now at Praia, he was able to land with vs. In our landing on boon the 
the people made a ſhe wol great reſiſtance, but we entre the towne without hindzante, being a * 

verp pꝛetie towne, hauing a (mal foꝛt in it, with 602 8 caſt pieces, 
Beug bere onthoze, and finding nothing lefe in che cowne , divers of our company were very 
impoztunate with our General that he would go to the citie of S. Iago being 6 miles off: thꝛough 
tdeir impoztunttie be perlded confent, and ſo wemarchen towards the citie with 280 fouldiers, 
As we paſſed bythe Negros and herdlmen, they would crie vnto vs Guarda S. lago. That nige 
we loft our wap, q lap vnder a hedge. The next mozning the Oꝛdinance of S. lago was thot off to 
giue vs notice where the towne was : lo w 


SSS ms nee capes 


n 


ſee no way bow Co get intoit dut by one little path Downe avery tee pe bill,onlp man by man tu go ; 
done. The strength and 


fonts commanding the whole, the chiefeſt and bei; Sanding vpon the top of che bill right ouer the 55.84 


tp 
ommanding the rode, and theſe two lreete in the towne. Upon 
the lront ol the towne the fea beateth, the reſt ſtandeth —— Cliffes,not —— 
but by one finall path, bp which wee were enforced togoe, Our Generali ſeeing himſelle thus 
Graighcen,and perceiuing the dyilt of the Poztugals twas to dam hum into chts trench, and knows 


this dap;fop they will ſuffer vs 
quietly to paiſe bowne into their ſuppoled trappe, and then wil purſue vn, then which 9 


Zhe totonecf 
S.lago taken 
fit . 


Ie del Facgo, 


i 


can u better. The day is ours now the pour ſelues as I know pou will: and lo prelemy 
we delcended into the trench. And being Downe the enemp purſued with a mightie crie, and i 
the cliſfe on both fines were beſet fullof men;thot, end fones we wanted none from them on 
uerp five in great plenty: £0) this naturall trench was not halle a mulket thot ouer. Thole iy 
attempted our Rereward by our Generals policie were lo receiued that they made a and, m 
neuer moge came necre vs. Ile bad nowe balfe a mie co the towne, into the which when vn 
came, wee were tecetued with che Areetes full of louldicra, who ioyned with vs at the puh 
soo far cera cing tr uch ten gere io(a ep them tn Ceo de ata 
and our pu ich tue e; am that t to 

and the third ol Auguſt we poſleſled both the lo wer fozts. — * 

Being now maſters of the towne, we prefenclp by the Generals direction ( wwhole Chit {ing 
and diligence can neuer haue (ufficient conunendation) baricadoed vp all the fireets, and bau 
vur lelues into avery conuenient ftrength. After we bad bene fire heures in the totwne the p 
tugals dil comming in great multitudes to the bpper fot, began to ſally Downe vpon vs an t 
aſlault vs at euery baricado: fo that in the ſirſi affaule they lew and wounded eighty of our 
to out verp great weakening, But ther bad Imall cauſe of triumph, top their lolle was thpifeny 
then ours: but they Gill profecuted their alſault. not giuing vs time either to lleepe op eate,fory 
we were in exceeding extremitie; fo their forces did daylp increale to the number of tinte thou 
ſand perfons: but we dayly lotofour poopenumber, Mpileſt we were thus keeping the unn 
our thips came about vnto vs, who receiued manp dangerous chot Crom che bpper cattle, Omer 
actall finving bimſelle chus Queighted, ¢ diſcrectelp looking into the politie and ecngthot ty 
enemp, and ſcarſe able to defend au one aſſault moze, Cenc to the foꝛts aud to his ſhips that aum 
ten of the tlocke in the darke ol the night they Couto thoote at the vhyer lot with all pollble d⸗ 
ligence, and ſend all the boates alboze, which was accopdingly perfourmed, And wee likey 
keeping a tumule in the towne, the enemie ſuppoſing that our purpoſe was to aſſault theipyer 
fort, (which God knowes was moſt impregnable lo; vs) rety pen from their plotted pupole fog 
the defence thereof, So we in a ſouldierlike oder with very good fafetp Departed then, 
althougb the Poptagals hauing eſpied our Generals police came verp furioully vponthebarre 
ol vs, afi re we had kept it two bapes aud two nights, 

An th. rode ol 8. Iago we tooke a ſhiꝑ with wine and cloth, which div great ly relrtihour nn, 
Frombence we faplen to an Ille called Fuego, being a very {mall Bile, wish a verpbighbilin 
the midſt ol it, which continually burneth: this Alle is inuincible by nature, bigh clife rouny 
about, pet bp diligent ſaarch we found a (inal path where wee landed our men with ececding 
much difficulty, and fo were matters of the Alle the elenenthof eptember, where weetooke in 
mater, but the Alle peelded vs nothing but miferable infection. Due nigbt wee hana ttobye of 
athes which fell fo thicke into our (hips from that burning hill of Fuego, that you might he 
pour name with pour finger vpon the vpper decke. 

Departing from this place che twentieth of september ,we ſhaped our courfe fo; Dominica 
an Bile inthe Welt India: but before we came thither our men fell generally Downe, lo th the 
hole could not relicue the ficke , the diſeaſe was fo vile that men grew lochſonte vntothemtlues, 
frantiche any deſperateip cauing, among whom our good Generals part was not the leat; in 
his dileale was vehement, the grie ke of his mind, che lamentation of his men, and the lolle of tele 
whom be loued were to him toments moze then durable: all wbich with pat tente and humilitie 
in pꝛaper be humbled humſelfe vnto. But had not bis mind bene inuincible aad hisdeliresaboue 
the ordinary courſe of men it had bene impoſſidle that life ſhould now haue retten in him: Gov 
(3 lh song oo sage fome rrceeding good purpofe, 


— found there two hote bathes. wherein our weake men walbing themſelues were greatly comtoys 


aber mere berg Fah. Devastuss thence by Cape Cosdera, gelngfef Cape de's Ve 8 


the 
allthe fhoze from Cape de la Vela, being bound fo; 8. Martha, we tooke a ſmall frigat lane 
busy Foyne,the eleuench of September : the ban ber monep W 


The Engſih Voyages, Sir Anthony Sherly, 


2 


F 


joes 


Kr Antl 


linnencloih ar 
alter their lon 
our pilot, that 
we thinke, did 
faite bay, we l 
tred by the wa 
of balle, whic 
bode inchis to 
very great tra 
bene in China 
burning, wher 
ny great prote 
opbinance and 
ſtayed there al 
content to our 
league ol vs w 
worth, they dit 
tha, the Wolfe 
were conQrain 
abfolutelp aga 


land with hart 


maica the 290 
lie bekoꝛe it. 
dhe people allo 
the tobe and 


pꝛouided foꝛ vs 


trey pee:deth, t. 


boude fop diner: 
4 Indies we haue 


diuers lots. C 


4 time chat we re 


des fop tbe fee 


things⸗ 22 
Bein ay 
boat 1. out 
where bp his pe 
6 of March, we 
better ſtrength 
trap the watch, 
and the towne p 


day being the; 


vaine purpoſe: 
by nature. Tet 
with woods of 
were gone, pet! 
m the end wher 
that with the lo 


ö ble to be atchier 


ny Sherley, 
ä OTLL,, 


th all poſſible nj. 
ind wee lh 
aſlault the 

otted prirpole ſoꝛ 
arted thetohne, 
bponihehukt 


rekreſhour nn. 
werp bighbill in 
igb clit wund 
n with errttding 
gert weetooke in 
e had ahr of 
vou might woe 
ſe fo) Dominica 
ont, lo that the 
onto themſelues 


pe dels Vest 
tact faueosow 


ae 


pees 


Sir Anthony Sherley. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


uunnencloih and China ſilke, all which our General bellowed v 
alter their lung ſuſtained miſeries: Dut of which frigat we had 
our pilot, that pꝛomiſed many things before we came thither, w 
we thinhe, did wilkully loole vs. Arriving at S. Martha, 
faite boy, we landed the 12 of September, ¢ fo marched t 


pon his company to comfoztthem 
2 Good pilots fo, thoſe coaſts:ſoꝛ 
as nom abſent in the Woolfe, who, 
two leagues Cet from the towne in a 
o the towne being often times encoun: 


treo bp the wax, and in a narrow way at our deſcent Downe a bill, they had placed two cat pieces 


of halle, which we recoucred,and fo entred thecowne,the en 
bode in this towne, there came one Don Martin de Caſtilla, a 


very great traueller, who 


bene in China, and made many relations to our General, bi 
burning, wherin he pꝛeuailed, but ranſome J know of none 


emie ſiping before vs. 


Mhile we as 


gentleman of good education and a 


knew the whole tate of the Welt India, Malucos, c Philippinas: he hab 


S purpoſe was to ſaue the towne from 
we had: for this gentleman made mae 


ny great pꝛoteſtations of great pouerty to be in that place. So wee departed, onely taking their 


oꝛdmante, and a pꝛiſoner lo there bp fir Francis Drake, with ſome reliefe 


of victuals. Pauing 


Raped there al the time of Chziftmas, we departed thence on ewperes dap, with termes ol great 


| content tour General in the Spaniards great fubmiflion vnto him, 
5 league of vs with 7oo louldiers. And being challenge d by him to def 


foz they were now within a 
end their towne like men of 


woꝛth, they did not withſtäding intreat fauour wich great humilitie. Mhileſt we were at S. Mar- 
tha the Wolfe came againe vnto vs: fo wee ſhaped our courſe for Iamaica, and miſſing the rode, 


were conſtrained to faile round about the Alle, a thing not before done. 
abſolutely ↄgaine foꝛſooke vs with the (mal barke that we tooke at S 
> land with hard newes of our ruine, but by Gods fauourable help 
mnica the 29 of January, which is very dangerous to enter by rea 
lie bekoze it. Pere we landed and marched 6 miles into the count 
the people all on hoꝛſebacke made thew of great matters, 
| the towne and whole Ille. tbe people ſubmitted themſelues to our Generals mercp: and here they! ien talen. 
pꝛouided koꝛ vs great ope of dʒied beefe, and Caſſaui meale 
trey ye: deth, to continue at lea. Chis Wile is a maruei 
S boute fo diners parts ok the maine. It is full of plaine 

Indies we haue not ene: it aboundeth with beeues and Ca 
Diuers ſoꝛts. Ille haue not found in the Indies a moze 
time that we remained in this Alle the capeaine of the 


In this place the Wolfe 


lago, and returned fo2 Eng- 
wee arriued in the road of Ia- 
fon of the ſholds and rocks that 
rep, where the towne Manverh; 
but did nothing. 


Nom being maſters of 


a baſe food, pet the beſt that the toun 
lous fertil Ille, g is as a garden 02 ſtoze 
ion ground, which in the reſt ol the 
aui, beſides mof plealant fruits of 
pleaſant and holſome place, 
Alle came often abooꝛd vs, we hating pled · 


During the 


ges for the ſecurity of their pꝛomiſe. They were in fine at our Generals deuotion, to diſpole of al 


things all things as he pleaſed, lo that now we w. 
| Bein 


boat t. ou of March 


where vy his perlwalton we had great hope of a very goo 
6 of Marcb, we ſailed to Cape de Corrientes in Cuba, t 


resdy to Depart, M. captaine Parker of P 


with whom our Generall ronſoꝛted to goe 


ere as one people ¢ in one peate together. 
limmouth came into the rode en his chips 


foz the bay of Honduras, 


d vopage. And departing frd Iamaicathe 
o looke for a barke of M. Parkers fo our 


better ſtrength: but not finding her, we went forthe cape of Honduras, where we purpoſed to ene 
trap the watch ¢ lo to facke thetowne of Troxillo, but the watch difcouering vs, made great fires, 


and the towne pꝛeſently thot off a great piece, and anſwered w 
31 of March we brought our chips 
vaine purpofe : for the towne is not to be taken b 


day being the 


ich fives, Not withſtanding the nert 
vnder the tort, and landed our men, but it was a 
ut bp exceeding multitudes, fop it is inuincible 


bynature. It nandeth vpon the topok a very feepe hill, boꝛdering clofe to the fea : fo enutrones 


with woods of ſuch exceeding thicknes , that the 


re is nopallage among the trees, which if they 


were gone. pet there is no climbing vp the bill, only bauing one narrow lane to go into the towne; 
at the end whereof is a great gate bery rong ly fopcifien, fo that it is not to be approched vnto, lo 
few men, we tetired from this enterpꝛiſe, being altogether impolſi⸗ 


that with the loſſe of ſome 


dle to be atchieuen by our few and weake men. 
Mee departed from Truxillo 
inthe bay, ſtil nouriching our hope of good ſurceſſe: 
tifien, bus wee prefently ppeualed and tooke it the 


the ſecond of Apꝛil and went fop Puerto de Cauallos lower bon News bee 
and comming thither found it reafonably fo · wallus taken 
7of Aꝑil, being the mot poore and milerable 


place of all India. ow out hopes were all fruttrate and no likelihood remayning how we could 


by any meanes make a boiage: our General reſerui 
laboured to doe ſome memorable thing. 


Seats forme 


boat there, it ſhould ferue him 


ng vnto himfelfe his ſilent inward impatience, 
nemozable And in fine concluded by Rio Dolce tofearch with his 
Tattow pailage of Titimos fop the South lea, alleaging that if hee could but nde a 
to great purpoſe; againſt which there could be no teaſonab 


le con⸗ 


trapiction, All bis chiefett lea men contented hereunto, but efpeciallp the Captaine of the Annis 


‘ tall, So apling with the hipsto. Cape de tres puntas ister bp er eng 


601 


Senta Marta 
taken. 


chieferotwne of 


88 
coi 


pet returns 


Margorita. 
Sire enguſh 
wen redeemed 


Trunillo afaiisd 


The Englifh Voyages, M. Mill. Parv. 


the (hips well mozed the tenth of Appill be departed with bis boats fo Rio Dolce, which inn 
Charts hath his paſſage though ehe land. Up this rer bp manp vncertaine windings we pati, 

o leagues and better, where we found a Grong built opt, a tomne and diuers ſtoze- hcuſes: u 

3 money oʒ merchandipe we found none. Mer learned by the miſerable people that we tool 
that the South fea was 20 * from the nevett of that tiuer, and that it was 50 leagues, 
Guatimala, 40 leagues to Sonfonate, and 3 o leagues to Sacatocaluca, being townes twhich ty, 
hoped ta merch onto :fo that now we were in wopfe cafe then befoze : for wee were fallen (icp, 
with the vnhollomeneſle of this aye, and our victuals ſo walked, as that we were deſperate hon 
to recouer our countrey. IAbereupon with mof vn willing minds we returned to our (hipp; 
and with all pollible erpevition wepe,¢ (o laboured vpon the tacke to turne out of this bery rey, 
bop. being 6o leagues wubin the point of land. Being out of the bap, wee ſpaped our cout: fy 
Cape S. Anthony. Our General, toe reſtles ſpirit continually laboured to auoive the froin 
of loztune had now plotted with the Beuice and Galeon to goe fox Newfoundland, and thett 
reuictual, and to baut freth men, ol which we ood in good alſurante, ¢ lo to Depart foꝛ the treig 
of Magellan, and ſu bp bis very good policie would haue concluded his vopage in the Eaſt la 
which plat J thinke it vnnecellary here to reueale. being put in pꝛincipall truſt by bim. 

Being thwart Havana, by what chance A know not, but all bis hips forfooke him the 13 
ap, ant here in a deſperate plate hee was left deſperately alone. The George depattn hy 
confent with his letters, the Galeon J kuom not how: but our miferp in the Admiral weg bah 
great, fo there was not one in the ſbip that was euer befoze in the Indies, beſides our mifrray 
want of viccuals,the danger of che place, and the furious current of the chanel. Notwithſtuum 
we were enfozced without Rap to diſemboque: which bappilp being perfoymed, we ſhapedou 
courte ſoꝝ Newfoundland, And by Gods mercy we artiued there the lifteenthok June, muh 
uiug one houres victuals to ſpare, and there by our countrepmen we were well rekreſhed: wher 
we ftapen till the 24 of June, fill expecting the Galeon, ſoꝭ the execution of this his Latt pumpt 
but (he nut comming. and that plat ouerthho wen, we returned for England, where we fonte 
right honourable the Erie of Effex bound to the ſeas, with whom wee prefently departenintis 
logothips thip,co doe him our humble ſeruite. 


A voyage of Maſter /Villiam Parker of Plimmouth gentleman, to 
Itargarita, Iamaita, Truxillo, Puerto de Cauallus ſituate within thebay ol 
Honduras,andtaken by fit eAnthony Sberle and him, as like wiſe vp Rio daes: wih lis 
returne from thence, and his valiant and happie enterprize vpon Campechethe chiefe 
towne of /ucatan, which he tooke and ſacked with fixe and fifty men, and brought 
out of the harbour a Frigat laden with the ‘kings tribute, and furprized alforhe 
towne of Sebo, 


7 tte peere 1596, patter William Parker of Plimmouth gentiman being 
an A furnithen with atall thippe and a barke at his owne charges, the thip callen the 
= Prudence of one hundzeth and twenty tunnes, wherein himſelle went cap: 


<i taine, and the barke called the Aduenture of five and twentie tunnes, whertit 
was captain one Richard Hen, veparted fré the ĩoeſayd hauen of Plimmouth 


8 ain the monethol Mouember, hauing one hundzetbh men in his company, 
Che fir place where wee touched in the Welt Indies was the Ille of Margarita on the coatt 


. * 5 9 8 
Lea 
ee lane <a igs 99K ee erga asus Rov Seset aky 


of Tie na firma, where we cooke a Spanith gentleman anv others , whofor his ranfomelealis gi 


bertie Patter lames Willis, andfiue vther Englithmen which were prifoners in Cumans, toho 
other wile were neuer like to haue tome from thence, Thus palling from thence, wee {ayledoe 
wer to the Alle of Iamaica, where the ſetond of March we met with fir Anthony Sherley, who 
beloze our comming had taken the chiefe towne in the Alland, and was now almoſt ina readines 
to depatt. And here conforting our lelues with bim, we departed from Iamaica the firtol March, 
and refoluen to let vpon the ſirong towne of Truxillo netre the mouth of the bap of the Hondu- 
tas. And bautng ſaylrd to Cape de Corrientes spon Cuba, to lere a barke of mine fop out enter 


firenath ; but not finding ber, we went for the cape of Honduras, where wet purpolvotet FR 


trap the watch, and ſo to haue lacked the toume of Truxillo, But the inated oiconring wh 
made great fires, and the towne prefentlp hot off a great piece, and anfwercd wich ire 
the next day being the one and thirtieth of SParch, wee brought out 


Proriwlipftandiog. ; 
under the kot, and landed our men: but it was a baine purpole, fop che totome ts nnn l 
. i) 


a biti eae 
TW, ill. Par ker, 
7776600 
aine wiudings we pay 
diners ftoze- boules ; yy 
le people that we tote, 
chat it was 50 leagues, 
being townes whith we 
oz wee were fallen fick, 
we were deſperate hun 
returned to our Chinn; 
une out okthis very 
er thaped our courte fy, 
red to auuide the frou 
foundland, and there ty 
fo to depart foꝛ the trig 
vopage in the Eaſt Inds 
ll truſt by bim. 
8 foxfooke him the 11. 
he George departey bp 
n che Admirall weg 
es, beſides our miferaje 
chanel, Notwithſtaum 
erfoymed, we Caper yr 
iteenthok June, iht; 
re well rekreſhed: uh 
on of this his lait putpiſ 
and, where we foun the 
prelently departeninhis 


ith gentleman, to 
ate within thebay of 
vie vp Rio dulce: uh his 
n Campecherhe chiefe 
fifty men, and broughe 
„ and ſutptued alfothe 


mouth gentleman being 
harges, the thip callen the 
erein himſelle went cap: 
twentie cunnes, whereet 
ayd hauen of Plimmouh 
nin bis company. 

of Margarita onthe coat 


for his ranfomeleta tis ae 


iloners in Cumana, who 
om thence, wee faplen oe 
r Anthony Sherley, tho 
now almoſt in a readines 
lamaica the firtof uch, 


Miß Poe Vraffiques, & Difcoueries, 


nature, sav ſtandeth vpon the top of a very ſcepe bill topning cloſe to the fea, enultoned with 
woods ol luch exceeding thicknes, that there is no pallage thꝛoughthe trees ꝛthere is allo but one 
prrpnartolw and fteepe lane tu goe into the towne, at the end whereof is a gate verp ſurongix fo3- 
tilied; ſo that it is not to be appꝛoched vuta, vuleſſe it be vpon the ſudden, and with ſurpzize of 
the watch: whercfore with the lolſe ok ſome few men wee retired from this enterpzize. 

From hence we palled vp farther into the gulfe the ſecond of Apuil, with intention to inuade 
the towne ol Puerro de Cauallos, wijere wee atriued the ſeuenth of Apꝛil, and tooke the fame, 
finding it well foptified, but nothing auſwering our expectation for wealth. Whereupon Sir 
Anthony Sherley and I being hitherto futtrate of our hopes, refolued here to enter vp tothe 
battume OF Ric voce, and to paſſe ouerland vnto the South ſea. Iiterefoze wee fet forward, 


and curren abouerhirey leagues vp the fapd Rio dolce, thinking to haue paſſeb oucrland with two epep 


companies of men, and co haue caried a pinneſſe in fire quarters to be ſet together with Chrewes, 
anveherein to haue embarked our ſelues in the South lea, and there fo a time to haue tried our 
ſoztunez and to haue returned ouerland to the bay of Honduras. But this our diligence tocke no 
effect, becauſe of the huge highnes of the msuntaines, and the length of the wap, being moꝛe then 
was giuen out at the firſt. Chen wih much griele we returned out to Truxillo, where J depar⸗ 
ted from Sir Anthony Sherley, 

Alter my departure trom this wozth p knight, I Cee mp courle for Cape de Cotoche which tt: 
eth on the Eaſt part of lucacan trom whence J ranged althe Noꝛth coat of the (ain Prothonto2p 
of lucatan, vntill J came vnto Cape Defconofcido, where J put 56 ot my men into a Petiago, 
op long Indian Canoa; and leauing my thip fire leagues from the towne ol Campeche at the of 
che cloche in the moꝛning * J landed hard bp the monaſterie of San Franciſco, aud tadke the ſayd 
towne ol Campeche, mith the captaine and Alcalde, finding thetein fue hundzeth Spaniards, 
amd in two townes cloſe aniopning to the fame eight thoufand Indians, The mull itude of the 
Spaniards which fler vpon my firſt allault by ten of the rlocke in the moꝛning allembling toe: 
ther renued their Qrength, and {ec furiouflp vyon me and my ſmall company, In which allauit J 
lof ſome fire of my men, and my ſclfe was (hoe vnde r the let byeſt with à bullet, which hullet licth 
Rill in the chine or my backe. Being thus put vnto our ſhikts wee deuiled on the ſudden a newe 


Puerto de Caual. 
los taken, 


patie a⸗ 
bone 36 leage 


Cabo de Coto · 
che. 


Cabo defconof. 
eido. 

* on Ealler 
teruen 1597. 
Che towne of 


@ neto ftratae 


ſcratagem: fo hauing viuers of the townelmen prifoners, we tied them arme in arme together, 


and placed them in ſtean at a baritado to defend vs from the furpof the enemies thot, And lo with 
enligne diſplayed, taking with vs our fire dead meu, wee retired with more ſaletie to the hauen, 
here we cooke sfrigat mpich rode ready kraaght with che kings tribute in ſiluer andoth⸗ good 
commodities, which were prefently to bee tranfported to S. Iuande VIlua, and bꝛought i.. fame 
ano our Periago 07 Canoata mp thip, which lay in two ſadome water fire leagues from the town, 
being not able to come anp nerrer for the ſholds bps chat coat, Duer ageinſt the vlate where our 
thip rode, code a towne of 3000) 400 Indians called Sebo, which we ltketwile tooke, where wee 
found Champeche · wood good to dye witbal, wih ware, and hony. This done we lett thie coatt, 
and turned vp to Cape de Cotoche againe, and ankoned cUerp Dap at noone, becaule of the bꝛtzes, 
and in turning vp J lo my barke called the Aduenture, which was taken by 2 frigats of warre, 
which were manned out from Campeche : wherein Captaine Hen and thirteen of mp men were 
taken. andafterward exetuted. as fince we vnderſtand dy ſome Syanith pꝛiſoners that were taken 
in tbole parts. After we bad tape fine weekes on this coaſt, wer ſhaped our courfe fo) Hauana, 
where finding nothing, we diſembo que, and tame along by the Ble of Bermuda, and croſſed auer 
to She banke neere Cape Race in a3 fadomestand lrom thence fapling foꝛ England, we fel with 
Sillie about the firſt ol Julp, and within two dayes after arriued at Plimmouth, where we found 

Right honopable the Erle of Eſſer letting loꝛth wich a great fleet for the Illes of the Acores, 


An excellent ruttier for the Iſlands of the Weft Indies , and for 


Tierra firma, and X wena Eſpanra. 


F a man depart fromthe barre of S. Lucat in Summer time, hee mul ert South⸗ 
G welk until hee hath Nabe ol Punta de Naga, which is in the Alle ol Tenerif, The 
od Markes to know ir be theſe. Anbigh point Roping to the fea, ¢ at the Cattcr point it 

bub two doun falles like Darticions, anti they them to be ſenarated fram che ane af 
Se Zaand & tied in 28 begrees Fa balfe, And if thou wilt haue light of the Grand Canaria, and 
Guvett thy ſelfe with Punta de Naga, thou Mate then ſteere South weſt and by South, an fo 
thou thale haue lige of Canaria nhich Manverhin R 

outh⸗ 


* Cathevaius 
of$000 poun® 


Sebo an Indian 
colons taken, 


604. The Engliſh Voyages, 7 he i. ruttier forthe Weft Indies, Ma he ſſtrut 


Douthea five ofthe Alland. But I aduiſe chee, il it be in winter time, that thou keepe auotn the coal runneth 12 
tourſe, and that as foliometh, Celt aud by Sow 


The courfethata man muſt keepe departing in winter for the Indies ſtun it hath aflope tow. 
Sant Lucar. dap chen thou ſhalt 


Eparting from Sant Lucar in winter thou ſhalt goe Tet and by South keeping alongtje weather that 

— il thou goe karre fromebe coat, thou ſhalt merte with the wind off the law fe Hy ey am lng 

ce cia. tillthou be as high thot as Cape Cantin, which is alow flat cape with the fea, And thou lu cectalne (hoatos tha 
tigreat wood let a great wood befoze thou tome at this cape,caliev Caſa del Cauallero. Aud from thentt iu 
Ce, Lancetota; and when thou att Noꝛth and South with Alegranca, thou ſbalt teere then thele mouatings vr 
Southweſt, and ſo chou ſhalt lee the Canaria, which is a round high land, and ſtandeth in tun; But Jaduile th 

We eigbt degrees. cbdu mu keepe the 


What thou muſt doe if a contrary wind take thee fiftie leagues off J wap ista runne Ca 
the ſnore. vu to wind- ward v 


W hentbou art fifty leagues hot on thy wap into the fea Sourhwel off, and tbete ü wich thy ſtemme w 
chance io meete with a tontrarx winde off the lea. and il it force tbee to put room in mane kalle, and go 
thou ſhalt ſteere oꝛtheaſt and by Caf, and ſhalt hall with fight of Cabos del Placa, whichivy nevthe riner, thou n 
when thou art a ſeabooꝛd fo farre as thou mapeſt deſcrie them, to be like two points of white fam, thy maine lalle, and 
and it it be tler. thou Halt fce within the land certain high billes lying Noth weſt and by dd cat too much to the 
called las Sierras de Zahara, and being thzee leagues from land chou ſhalt haue thirtie jj thy boat on: to helpe 
Ie bopot water, and land: And from thence to the bay of Cadiz. thot halt oe along Nozthweſ iy ie 

Cadiz, toaſt: and tf thou be in thirtie oꝛ forep fadomes, thou ſhalt haue oaze ; but if thou bee in lelle then N The cou 

so peo. thittie fadomes, thou ſhalt haue other lounding: which il it chance, then thou art againſi S,Pedro, 5 
And ikit bee by day thou ſhalt (ee the Ermitage of Sant Sebaftian , which ſeemeth to bea tine 1 Anuifethee that 
a nder laple. Ano thou thalt que into the bap taking heede of the Puercos, glue them a guap Southweltanv b 
| LesPuercos. bitth off. And if thou chante to bee benighted when thou fallett with the bap, and woulret e and is the end of the 
into the bap, thou (hale carie thy lead in thy hand, and be ſounding: and finding thy felfe in wbt thou ſhalt lee a law. 
ground, thou ſpalt ſteere Moꝛth berauſe of ſbunning the Pucrcos: and pet give them not tcogreat Tlecknopchwelt, an 
a birth becaufe of The Diamant, and ſo thou mayeſt ge in, founding when thou thinkel goo, thou mut be Cure to 
And being benighted and then not Caf and Wiel with the bay, and if thou doeſt no: got into a, for all is deepe wate 
then make the largeſt boopd thou cand ke wing off till day. and beware of the ts 
Ff thou be at the Canaries and wouldeſt laple to N sua Eſpanna, thou ſhalt ſayle iu n and flatte ground, 
twenty houres South becauſe of the calmes ol Fierro. And kromthence thou ſhalt got Melk moarings readie is 
ſouthwelt, until thou finde thy felfe in twenty Degrees, And then thou mul gor elt and by mapeſt let them fall 
| Khe Aae Deka South, which ia the courleforehe Ille Deſeada. And from Deſeada thou ſhalt gue (et ind (hope to moare, lo ff 

ill, Babel by Hcpth, becaule of the variation ok the compalle. And falling with Defeada, thou ht fane 

Lu it to riſe low with the lea: and it ſtandeth in 15 degrees. Aud the eaſtermoſt part is the hharpet, T 

laune. and lmaller then the Cet point. 
And il thou art going foz Tierra firma, thou thale goe Ciel and by South vntill thou tom Ding from H 
to Dominica, and there on the Roꝛthweſt ſide is a riuer, where thou mapeſt water. Chemarks ſinv the Illes 
to know it bee a certaine high land full of billes. And ſeeinę i toben thou art farre off to the md full of trees: an 
dn Bona. lea ward, it maketh in the middeſt a partition; ſo that a man mould thinke it peuinen the Gland blacke round land, a 
ads. in two parts. And this Illand ſtandeth in 14 degrees and a halle. thou art Moꝛth and 
f Laduiſe thee that if theu wouldeſt goe for Nueua Eſpanna, and ſo boeſt paſſe berweene Gur- thot as the Frailes: 
= dalupe and Monſerate tothe Meſtward, that being thus open off the entrance betwirt cm baue ſight of Cape 
f thou halt go Tettnopeh wert and Co thale haue fight of Santa Cruz, which Randerh in ſeuerteene i mapeſt make accour 
* degrees and a halfe. And the markes to kom it be theſe. It is an Alland not verp high, and ip 90 Tleſt, keeping th 
7 eth Ca anv Illeſt, 3 —— —— 4 ib —— : 
1 And forward on thy courſe thou ſhalt runne Meſtnozthweſt. and fo land, and t 
FF ofthe le of Sen Luande Puertosico, wchis an Mlanoiping Ext anaDxt, fl eerie tye 
md ũande th in eigbteeut Degters, And the marke be tele, That on the Giied end u ES Hat hart light ot O 
eft, and the Cattermot is the hinhell. And if thoufall with the nuddeſt of che Filand, then than called Sictras del Cc 
cl. halt goe a long it to the et vnto Cabo Roxo, whichisthe end of the Alle. Aud — 8 Cnn ove : — 


/ 


Indies, 


—̃ — 


epe anothn 
sdies from 


ing Ato 
Fibe in ns 


ND there thoy 
u room ihn 
I which thew 
k wbite ſun 


The firſtruttier for the We/t Indies. and Diſcoueries. 60 


the coattrunneth Noꝛth to Punta Aguada. Cape Roxo hath certaine red cliffes, Thou mut ſteere 


Mett aud by Sou from Cape Roxo to find Mona, and fo thou Male haue fight ot Mona, And Mona, 

the marks thereof be thefe,icis alow land lying Catt and THe s and on Che Catt end it is higbeſt, 

it hath aflope towards the lea, and ſtanbeth in 78. degrees, rather lelle then mote, And ik it be by 

day, then thou ſhalt runne Tleſt and ſhalt fee Saonas which is an Iſland lying without Hiſpani. Saone, 
ola, an lye th Caf and Grell, and is full of trees: and hath tert aine (andy bayes. And il it bee 
ſcleere weather thou (hate fee wi. hin the Land of Hifpaniola tertame hte bils called las Siertas de Ease 


BY guey, Ano betag venighteo vpon Mona, then thou thale ltere elt anv by South, becaute of “*” 


tertaine ſhoalos that lye off Saona : but hauing day light and no fight of land, thou thalt loofe vp 
Moreh wert and fopatle by it, and as chou gaelt along the coaſt of Hiſpaniola, and ſr eſt the feato be 


N cat vp into the alre, then thou ſhalt be about 10 leagues off the harbour of Sanco Domingo, and 10, duftadero 


thele mouatings vp are called The Spoutes. 0} The fpoutes, 
But Jaouile the, that if thou bee benighten when thou kalleſt with Santo Domingo, then sae Dominge, 


thou nut keepe the hils called Sierras de las minas viejas to the Noꝛthweſt. And it thou woul: 
veſt oe into Santo Domingo, and meeteſt there with a forcible Noztherly wind, then the bet 
Fy wap isto runne Cat till it be day. And hauing daplight thou ſhalt caf about, and lo thou mutt 
pvloto wind- ward vntill the J2ogtherly wind be done: and when it is palt, make all the ſaile thou 
cum to hale with the fight of Calle de las Damas: and when thou halk fight thereof thou ſhalt lye cane de lu pi. 
wich thy ſtemme with a landie Bap , which lyr ih on the other five: and thou mutt take in thy 
maine latle, and go fo till thou bꝛing thy (elf open with the midſt ok the riuer; and fo hauing ope⸗ 


ned the riser thou mult go with great care in the middeſt of the Came, with all thy (atles vp, except 


thy maine laile, and thau muſt haue thy boat out, il it be needefull to ſound oz to tom thy thip, if che 
caſt too much to the loofe, foʒ the currents will caſt here to the loo fe: wherefore bee Cure to haue 


thy boat out to helpe thy ſeerage: and this is the way whereby thou mull woꝛke. 


he courſe from Santo Domingo to go for Nueua Eſpunna. 
f 1 Aduiſe hee that it thou wilt goc from Santo Domingo foz Nueua Eſpanna, thou ſhale woe 


Southwelk and by South, and fo thou ſhalt haue fight of Punta de Nicao, which is a low point, Punta de Naas: 
and is the end of the hilles called Sierras de las minas Vieias, and towards the Nozthweſt of them 
thou ſhalt lee a lowe land, and to goe into Hocoa thou ſhalt Mirre from this poynt of Nicao Hoco. 


Tleſtnozthweſt, and thou ſhalt fee the point of Puerto Hermoſo, and the Bay that it maketh: and puerto Hemmoſo, 


thou mutt be ſure to keepe nerve the (hope to find a good road, and feare not to go neere the land: 
fop all is deepe water, and cleare ground, and let not fall thine anker till thou be paſt all the riuers; 


and beware ok the land, oz if thou ride much wichout, thy anker wil come home, beraule it is rocky 


and Matte ground, And theu mut be ready, that when thine anker commeth home, thou haue thy 


moarings reavie i: chy boat to carry on fhoze with foure 02 fiue men, and it thou thinke good, thau 
mapeſt let them fall on land with a rope. And when thou art come to anker thou mapeſt lend an 


(hope to moare, fo ſhalt thou be bet moared, 


The courſe from Hocoato Nuena Epanna. 


606 The Engliſh Voyages, J hefir/t ruttier for the Weft Indie, T he fir) 


land wareth lower and lower, and it is loweſt ok all atthe Cape it felfe, And if thou chance ty 
the water croublen,as though thy ſhip did raiſe vp the fand from the ground, be not afrain: fo, 
place is called The nine fathoms : foꝭ thou thale find no leſſe water vpon it, and it is the Halling 
— water that chou (halt baue. 
Thou mut marke that Cope de Cruz maketh an ende of the coaſt chat ctnnne rb fromtheen 


will be cert at 
that chou art 
the midſt okt 
and by Not 


A to the et, and 1 the courſe that goeth Noth and South, and ſtande ih in 9. dqhut 1 7 — ne 
: rather moꝛe then leſſe. a 
pester. oo e de Cruz thou mut ſtirre c Reſtnoꝛthwell: and this way thou ſhalt her le 3338 
ok the Alle de Pinos , and ik thou haue faire weather, then thou mutt goe opthwet y — . — 
Tietk, berauſe ok the cuscencs that will (et ther out to leg. And keeping this courte th Mey toa ease! 
haue light ok au high land. J tell chee it is the marke of the Files called los laidines, ayy from the Flat 
comnnonty called the land of Za gueio: and then thou ſhalt goe Lt ſt and bp South: and un Andi thou 
by night, then goe Meuſouthdoelt vntill thou haue bought thy ſelle out from The keting, thou thalt goe 
And being by vay thou halt keepe off the land, and ſbalt goe Tleſtnopthwelt, and lo thou by jong the coat, 
{ee the Alle de Pinos, N 
‘ bp dap from 
The markes to know the (ape de Santo Antonio. en 
‘ > galliccowen, 
We headland called Capo de Santo Antonio is a lowe land, and full ot trees, and typontte 
T2 it Celfe it hath two or three chicke woods, and the coat lyeth Rozthweit and oxi, — Aiea 
eat, And thou muſt allo take good herd that thou haue fight on the lame coat of a white fay wüichlyech E. 


Bap ; and it is on the ſame coalt that lpeth Roꝛthwe ſt and Southeaſl. And thele be the um Me Noftheaſt and 

from Punta de las Arenas, o Che poynt of the fands, to the Cape ol Saint Anthonie, and ftomtte And take th 
due de con. Cape de Corrientes to Punta de las Arenas thou fhalt haue a great Bay, being fo long, iu fail a tlpeotf 
Cope decane thou be not very nere the hope tho; tanſt not fee land, it is fo low. And i thou lee not telany N 


mionight fozw. 
pean a well, it will hew to be a tult oftrees, And the Cape of S. Anthony lande th in 32.vegteey, no nace 90 
„ ea" rar ; count ic is Buio 

Aruttier that a man muſt keepe from Dominica to Martino, and inthe Bap: At 


fo to Tierra firma. Cusnoabntill th 


i . 5 5 thoms at the me 
Aduile thee that geing from Martinino o; Dominica, ifthott woulvett goe fo Margarita, that 
| Prov irre South and by Celt, becaule of the great currents that goe here, and (et Ruth ⸗ ser hee 
rhe Tefiige, Welt, And by this courſe thou ſhalt find the Teſtigos, which be 4oz 5 Allands : anvifihiuwik looke for a little 
Frailes, not goe fo much to windward,chen thou ſhalt fee Frailes, which bee ebgee {mall Alland. Quo if meth to be full 
thou wile goe into the harbour of Manpater, it is prefentlp in doubling of the pointonte at and to goe in the 
poco de lus de to the Bouthward. And being minded to go foz puerto de Iuan Griego, which ub on the cos: and then k 
Griego. Noꝛtblide, then goneere the land, and along the coaltof the Tet and precently chou hale haue fe is a od. 
fight of puerto de Iuan Griegaʒ it ſtande:hj in 1 1. degrees. | art fe thee 
Jaduiſe chee that going from Matalino, which ſtandeth in 1 3 degrees, if thou woulnett gee enter into Carta 
to Cartagena, thou ſbalt goe IAeſt and by South, and by this wap chou Male hue lghtof the the lea, and fo thy 
belles of Curagao and Aruba, which Rand in 1a. degrtes: ftomtheſe Wands thou lool go cl deepe water, as i 
Monjethee and when chou art orth end South with Monjes, thou ſpalt fee them to be thyce {isle white % haue any kreſh 39 
ute Stands. lands, and they are white becaule of the multit ude ol birds that are there: they lland in a lit. louthe alt, and fo 
Cromthence thou thalt goe left lit ve by vap,and lo fhalt haue Hight of Coquebscoatut lun ff by night, yet thou 
deth in 12. degretz. And being by night, then goe Noꝛthwelt: and by day theu {halt caf togoe haue fight ofthe 
fo the land againe Aledtſouthwelt. Coquebacos hatha certaine poynt not very hig n wit Comming kr 
in this poynt thou ſhalt {ee inthe inland certain billes which bee called las Sierras de Aute. tou mul byng t 
Going from this popnt ol Coquebacoa thouſhalt run IAeſt, and Chale run along the cum Re thy elke Noꝛtb ar 
Shalt ga to haue the light of Baya honda and Portcce, hic in alow land euen with the lca, chou ſhalt lo fall u 
The Cape dela Vela leth wicha repde ewe not very high ; and without this Cape stout u J withintbe land ce 
Teague there ts a little coppled rocke. A man may be bold to gobetwirt this rocke mthemnur. . co thou halt lee c 
And going from this Cape to haue fight of Cape del Aguja thou mutt lire Sourhwett , ant thefea, 
thou ſhalt haue fight ofehe Ancones which lye at the ende of the hilles called Sictras Neuadas, Adwulſe theett 
Cope del Aguja, And then pꝛeſentiy thou thate fee the Cape del Aguja: the marks wherto are theſe: Jia au ehe lea and allo ly 
Sage , nb en Kis acoppic wos verp high, and tert beginneth the bigd and of He ers tua, mothen runy 
Neuadas,op ſnowy mountaines, | oftow land, make 
Take this for a warning that if thou goe for Cape de la Vela by night by the courfe 1 hbils, and they be th 
ſayd, and comme ineo a whiriſh water then Cound and thou ſhalt find 40, fathoms, ind ihy wil Akthou come kror 


Veſt Indi, 


— — 
hou chance ohm 
wot aftain: fo) 


it is the Halling 


acth kromtheen 
eth in 19, deu 


u ſhalt heut 
Aopth wet my 


140. 

es, and byontty 
Wi 
ol a white lm 
eſe be the marks 
onie, and fremily 
ig lo lang, shut 
ou lee nötthehm 
22, degretz, 


fartinino, and 


Magnin, tha 
e, and(et orth: 
B  anbifihcu rile 
1 ae 1 
point on 

which lub on the 
Ip chou Galt haue 


how touted goe 
t hiue fight of the 
ou (helt go Ciel 
ce little white J⸗ 
land in a triangle, 
ebꝛcoa that ftany 
haft caf to got 
tybigb and 


heſe: It is alow 


an oe er 


be courte about 
ns, ani fons 


is a ‘hoo'n, 


© bits,anvebep be the mountaines ok Santa Cron, Sierras 
Athou come from Cartagena to ga to Nombre de Dios in the time of the fea winds, when thou ur, 
: Eee 2 


“i OSS Cee rey REE STE F See cme ee 
The firftruttier For the Weft Indies.and Difcoueries, 


II ꝑꝑd.᷑ ./ metmmnaeane ee 5 
will be certaine ſmal ſandy white oaze, and ſome final wee ds. And then thou mayeſt make account 


that chou art NMoꝛth and South with the riuer called Rio de Palominos , which commeth out of Rio de 
the midſt ol the Sierras Neuadas. And being benighted thou ſhalt go Tieunozthweſt, 02 (Heft * 
and by Nozth vntil day: and being day then thou mayeſt hale in with light of theland Douthwelt, 
becauſe thou mapeſt be ſure to come right in wih it. 
FF thou goe krom Cape del Aguja for Cartagena, ikit bee by dap, thou ſhalt Soe Meſt and 
by South, and (hale goe to haue light ol Morro Hermoſo, that is The faire mountaine, which ly Morto hermole, 
eth to the Meſtward of Rio grande. And being alone, and unth a good ſhip of ſaile, and drawing Riogrande, 
towards night, then thou malt come to anker behind Morro hermoſo: and akter the ſirſt watch 
thou mutt fet ſaile, and go out Tete any by Moreh, betauſe thou mutt be ſure io keepe a ſeaboob 
from the Illand de Arenas, which lyeth 2 leagues to ſeaward right againſt Samba. Ilia de Arenas, 
And it thou goe from Cape del Aguja by night, thou ſhalt goe Chet and by Moreh : and ſo be ol Zambe 
thou ſhalt goe without the force of the water ol Rio Grande. And being by dap thou ſhall goe as 
long the coatt,anv ſhalt {ee Morro hermoſo, which, as I haue (apd, lyeth to the TAeſt of Rio Grane 
de, and hath for marke s, a face of a blacke land not very bie, and it is round. And ik thou depart 
by dap rom Morro hermoſo, thou mutt goe CAeſt, and mul take heede, as J ſayde before, of the 
Ille de Arenas,whith lyeth Nozth and South off Samba. Samba hath for a marke as it were a 
gallie cowed, And going this way by dap, thou ſhalt (ce El buio del Gato, which is an high land u euro del Gato, 
with cerratne white cliffes to the ſeaward: and allo more to the @iett thou ſhalt fee the poynt 
called Punta de la Canoa, which is a low land euen with the water: and there endeth the coatt Punta de lacs. 
wölchlbeth Cakand Chet, Aud the Bay that goeth to Cartagena beginnelh here, and lpeth Caragena 
Mortheak and Southweſt. | 
And take this fora warning, that ik thou be benighted againſt Samba, thou ſhalt take in thy 
fails, f lpe off tothe offward until midnight without any laile abroad vntil midnight: and from 
midnight forward thou ſhalt lye lo into the land without ſaple :and éf in the bꝛeake of dap thou ſee 
no land, then goe South welt, and ik this way thou haue light ok certaine white cliffes » make ace 
tount it is Bulo del Gato. Cake this for a warning, if thy (hip bee great come not nigh the land 
in the Bap: I meane thou mapeſt not with a great ſbip come nigh the land from the poynt de la 
Canoa vntill thou come to Cartagena, bet auſe in manp places there are not aboue 3 024 fas 
thoms at the molt. In all this Wap there is no hie land but the Gallie, which is right euer the hare 
bout of Cartegena. 
And ik it chance that any man come fo this place that neuer was here before, then let him The land 
locke fo; a little billlike a towed gallie Iping Cat and Cet, and all the land is low, and fees marke of Cats 
meth ta be kull ok trees. Pauing theſe lights, then make account thou art agalnſt Cartagena. en. 


Palomi. 


und to goe in thou hat nothing to be afraido€: but keepe thy ſelfe hard abooꝛd the poynt o Yca. The popnt of 


cos: and then when thou comment to duble the poynt del Iudeo, giue a bacadth off, becauſe there e 
oa 
Ja ſe chee that ir thou be benighted when thou art at The poynt de la canoa, and wouldeſt Show tox 
entet tito Cartagena bp night, that thou take good heenc of a thoaldthat Ipeth Galfe a league to cn gut td le 
the lea, and fo thou ſhalt goe ing kathoms, and ſandie ground. And when thou findelt thy fclfe in theta. 
deepe water as in 3.0 fathoms and moꝛe, then the harbour will bee open before thee, And if thou 
haue any fret oreherne winds , then loofe vp to the ſeaward, and lye with thy femme Ealte 
ſouthe alt, and fo thou mayeſt goe in Gat through the middelt of the chanell: and though it dee 
by night. pet thou mayen roe in lafely, becauſe it is all tleere. And ik the night be cleere thou Hale exe Tile ot 
haue fight ok the Wand called Cares, and it is an high land. Cares, 
Comming from Cartagena to goe fo: Nombre de Dios in the time of the Noꝛtherne winds, 


| hou mutt bzing thy ſelfe to the offward ol Sal medina : and thence Mitre Wiekk till thou bring Sal Medina, 
dh lelke Month and South with Cabeca de Catiua: and then goe Southwett and bp ect, and . 4e Cas 
thou ſhalt ſo fall with Rio de Franciſco. It hath for markes acertaine land not very high, and RiodeFranciéo, 
vithin the land tertaine high hils lying Eat and Mett. And on the Celt of che riuet of Franciſ. 


eo + halt (ee certaine clittes that bee fire leagues from Nombre de Dios, inclining toward 
ta, 


Javuile thee that going this courte aboue written; if thou (ee 3 05 4 Alles lying lowe with 


the lea and alſo lying Balt and C216 hen taped mate account that the be the lands de Ca- Coe Ties de 


tua, andthen runne CCteit,ano ſo thou thalt go along the coat, And if thou lee bp this way a poynt 
of law land , make account it is Punta de Samblas: and vyon it thou ſhalt leea row of hie rockle Purtade Sam. 


de Santa 


att 


580 The Englith Voyages, T hefirft ruttier for the Weft Indies, 


att out from Sal Medina, thou thalt goe Cleft and bp Nozth, that thou mayet haue lea - toemt, 

and take the Brifas op Nopiherne winds when ihty tome: and gor till thou be Moth and Oduth 

with the harbour ol Nombre de Dios: and from thence goe South welt, and if by this way thoy 

(ee a tom of high hils on a coat that lyeth Noꝛthe aſt and Douthwell, make account they arc Sier. 

wave. s de las minas Viejas, which minas Viejas lie Ropth and Dourh with the harbour of Velo alto, 

2 Dauiing kept this courte aboueſald, and hauing Highs ol the ko mer marke, thou mapeſt account 
NombedeDios that thou att on the CCiett ide ol Nombre de Dios. 

Furthermore when thou hall fight ol an higb land, and thou bee Noꝛth and South with it aud 
in the toppe thereof thou feett as it were a litle table, if it be higbeſt toward the Eaſt, then mate 
account that thou art North and South with Nombre de Dios, I fap, with the harbour ol Nom. 

siaradeCopira, bre de Dios, and this bill is called Sierra de Capira, And tf thou wilt goe into the harbour thoy 
Auge et mut het pe thy pow right again this hill, and comming nee rer to the Chore, thou ſhalt fee aleoge 
rocks, ofrockes , and it is without, and thou mapett goe in what Depth thou thinkeſt good, oz at which 
place thou findeſt molt water in. And to the Meſt of the harboz thou ſhalt (ee two 02 chree Flanrg 
— alli. called Iſlas de los Baftimentos, 
Epe tourte to ‘Cake this fora warning, il thou tome out of Nombre de Dios in the time of the Bras 
gor back fFOIN Moztherne winds, and Woulvelt roe fo) Cartagena. thou (halt come out in che mozming,. and thal 
ro Cartagena, go {opebnorthweik vntill 3 of the clocke at akte rnoone, and then caſt about to the land, until thoy 
be hard aboopd the ſho ze, and lo thou muft go turning vntill thou halt doubled Cabega de Catiua; 
and hauing doubled it then ply to windward all that thou mapeſt: anv if thou be Calnortheat 
ua de Baro. off it, then thou ſhalt haut fight of the Nlands of Batu, vohich are 3 05 4 Illands lying low and are 
all full of trees: and then prefentlp thou ſhalt haue fight of the gallie hat is ouer Cartagena, ap 
it is like a gallie towed. 

J aduile thee, that tf thou come fox Cartagena in the time aboue ſapde, and commeſt from C. 
beca de Catiua, ifthe wind will not ſuffer the to lye but dict, then going thus if thou fits 
great high Alland full of mouncaines,andon the Worth five thereof thou Cee a ledge of rockstne 

Meet lesgnes into the ſea, thou mapeſt be (ure it is lla fuette: but ik thou ſee not the rocks, gurthm a 
good bꝛeadth: and ir thou wilt come to anker, thou mapeſt ride well on the Melt five of chem, 
detwirt the maine and them in fifteene lathomes; and the Counding is clap. And if thou wut g 

Made ban hun betweene this and the Jllands ol Saint Barnardo to goe into Cartagena, thou mapeſt got fairly, 

8 And if any man acke thee bow thou knowel the Alland of Baru and San Barnardo, thou mapet 
anſwere truelp, that the Alles ol dan Barnardo are full of bigb billes , and certaine fanbie bayes 
to leaward; and the layd Alles baue a good depth two 02 thyce leagues to che ſea: and thisnepty 

LeBacilla is called The Bacilla, Ano theſe are all the markes for the Illandes of San Barnardo, Au 
touching the Alles ol Baru, they bee 3 op 4 little Allands and verp tuen with the lea, and full of 
trees, and there is no good depth about them, but hard aboodd them. 


A ruttier from (artagena to Hauana in Cuba. 


N from Cartagena to oe to Hauana, thou muſt goe Noxthnozthwel intill thou 

be in loureteene degtees: and then lo wardes thou (hale goe with great tare to anktr euts 

ry night, and when it is dap fet ſayle. And ihis is to bee done in this place be cauſe of the thoulns 

8 ol Setrana: and ſo thou mapett procecde with a care to anker when thou commett about Serranil- 

darm. a, op nete to it, which is in ülteene degrees and a halfe. And vpon it thou ſhalt fee a lotwe latte 
land lying Forehead and Southweſt: and the fea beateth vpon it round about, ercept theton the 
outht alt part it hath certaine ſbelues ol land, and on the CCiett fine it hath a certain litlecopple, 
which krom lea Ceemeth to bee a hippe vnder faple : and being Moꝛtheaſt and Southwel ofit, 
{cant a league from the ſhoald commeth out on the CLteft five a certapne ſboald, whereupon the 
ſea doth alwapes beate. 

J aduiſe thee that if thou t anſt not paſle on the Wiel ive, chen thou mutt oc betwirthe ird 
little copple that is like a Caple and the ſboald; for the palſage is good. But if thou depart from the 
Serranilla to the Moꝛthweſt, and ſeeſt alowe land with the fea, and certaine white fanny bapes, 
and on the Wiel Give (eet a low land and on the E altlide a little toaſt lying Fatt and Get, don 

Sa can. mane make account it is Cape de Corrientes. ie 
Cape de San And if thou goe from Cape de Corrientes fox Cape de Santo Antonio, thou mutt goe Ti 
Anon, § = northweft,and lo thou thalt goe withebe Cape, The marks be alow landfull ot trees with crt 
taine white landie bapes : and pon the Cape it Celfe thou ſhalt fee two thicke groues of gre 
trees, and they be vpon the Cape it lelle. © 


we plie 
to beth 
it was 
which! 
about ¢! 


Saint Pa 
ſtirre S 
thou thal 
Malt fee: 
that it ip 
thou mul 
kathomes 
taſtle, the 
caſtle, the 
is a clean 


Vet Indies 


t haue (ea-tocme, 
Porth and Dou 
by this wap thou 
pune they arc Siet. 
Hout of Velo alto, 
u mapeſt account 


South with it and 
e Caſt, then male 
harbour of Nom. 
othe harbour thoy 
you ſhalt fee alenge 
good, 02 at which 
vo oz chree Ilan 


ne ol the Brifas » 
mozning,. and thal 
he land, until chou 
Sabeca de C atius: 
be Calnop cheat 
lying low, and are 
et Cartagena, ang 


commeſt from Cx. 
thus it chou fertts 
Ledge of rockstwo 
rocks, giue them a 
Ueſt five of chem, 
And ik thou wut go 
i mapeſt got falely, 
nardo, thou mapett 
rtaine ſandit bayes 
e ſea: and thisvepty 
zan Barnardo, Aud 
the fea, und ul of 


prthtwett wntill thor 
at care to anher euts 
taule of the foals 
melt about Serranil- 
pale fee a oo 8 
ut, except chat on 

certain litlecopple, 
w Southwel offit, 
ald, whereupon the 


Catt and 


jou mutt goe Tie 
ulloferees with ct 
icke groues of grtu 


Co 


7 befirft ruttier for theWeft Indies.and Diſcoueries. 


Co gofromebe Cape de Sant Antonio fo Havana in the tune of the Nopth winds, thou (hale 
goe Noꝛthwell vntill thou be cleere of all the oalds of the Cape, and then hale thy bowlines 
im go as neere the wind as thou cant polliblp, until thou being thy ſelle vnto 24. degrees, and 
there ſound, aud thou (hale find it the Lortugas, and thy founding will be white Cann, Che Tronußa 
C bou mult cake heeve what is Caro in the Chapter befoze : fop he that wpe the lame hath leene 
tt, and bene witneſſe to this: that comming from Seranilla ind Giving Aozth and Lp Cathe bad dez le 
fight of an Alland danding in 16, degrees, and it ison the (hoatow of Cape deCamaron, And fg bars, 


krom thence . il tbou haue the wind large gae sQopcheatt and by Call, becaule of the var iatton of l de Cabo 


theconmpatie,anvchou ſhalt make thy wap Faltnoptheaſt, and chou ſbalt fall with Ia de Pinos, Spemarcnion ny . 
un 


This I I ſay, becauſe che currents ſet ſometime ICleſt: and ſo it fe ll out to bee true in Marth. pl 4 
AnnoDomini 1582, Atell the farther, that wee came out from this afcptlayd 4 ſle ftirring Mis dr bn. 
Nofch and by Calf, fox the wind would not lutfer vs to lye neerer the Cat, and one euening at The currents 
Sunmt going downe we fell witha land. that havthe fame markes to ouriuogement with the dun Wel. 
Cape de Corrientes: and betauſe night was at hand, we wrought to double Cape de Sant Anco- . 
nio . ſtirring Tick sand about midnight we had land all high right ahead, y the co aſt lying Douth · 

weft s and then we caſt and lay Noꝛtheaſt till day: And being day, wee ſaw the land all abead, and 

we plied to wind · ward to che Eat, and kept it a larbooꝛ till we had bꝛougbt it Southwet, And 

to be ſhoꝛt, we went here on land in the lame place that we ſirſt fell with inthe euening beloze:and 


it was an Iſland called Coęumel, lying on the coaſt of Iucatan. And this Iſland was the land inn de Cozumel, i i) | 


which we ſaw ſirſt, ſeeming by the marks to be the Cape de Corrientes. Wee tame to an anker 
about the middeſt of the Alland, rather to the Nozther then the Houther part: there we found a 
towne of Indians, who gaue vs all things which we needed fo our money: and wee carried our 
Attrolavs on (hore and tookerbe height ro.vegreesandone tierte. Aman may goeberweene ben 
this Allan and the coat of Iucatan, and the Cape de Cotoc he at pleafure Qopbheatt; and the 1 beg. audom 
water wil fet in thy faubur: and thou mutt go till thou be in z 4 degrees, and (o thou ſhalt haue the — i 
founding of the Tortugas, LasTortuga, 


The courfe to be kept from the (ape de Santo Antonio for Nueua 
Eſpanna. 


F thou goe fromthe Cap : ov 
egtees 


ing thy lelle to an anker hard Herreria, thi 
dhe bolita, nn. 


And A apuiſe chee ift 
and leeſt no land, 


il 
in 


610 TheEnglith Voyages, The / t ruttier for the W. eſt Andies, 


| . — f — — — 

pe rner ot in thisvepth thou hat oaxe , make actount thou art Ct and Cie with the riuer of Almeria, 

. This courte is from the Cape ol Sanco Antonio to Nucua Efpanna without o; aſt abo) the 
Alacranes 0} Scorpions, 


Now followeth how to worke, if a man come betwixt the Als. 
cranes and the maine. e 


11 thou goe from the Cape de Santo Antonio and wouldeſi goe fo) Nueua Ef; anna within the 
Ae Alacranes, thou mutt Mirre IAeſt and by Mouth, and by this way thou ſhalt ing thy ſellr in 
beo ⁊o. fathoms; and ił thou keeping this courte findet leſſe water, then go e cteſt and by Month any 
that wap chau ſhalt bung thy (elfe into 0. fathomes againe , vntill chou haue brought thy Gite 
Thetciangie, J209CH and South with che triangle. Ano being opel and Mouth with che criangle , then thou 
Surtaop Zarea, ALE be allo Forth and South with Surca i from chence thou halt go Woulhwelk: and bp ih 
Eye naß bas courte thou ſbalt haue ligbe of che high bels of S.Martin,whichare certaine bigh bils lying Non. 
ol. is. wet and Southealt, and they haue a partition in the mioſk, and to the Roꝛthweſt they be highell: 
and on the Bouthe alt part within the land, chouthalelee ſomething an high land, called Pan de 
Minfapa,that is, the loafe of Minfapa, which is a round loafe not very high 
The hils ol S. Marcin ſtand in i g. degrees tele one fife part, 
Jaduiſe chee chat when thou falleſt with Sa int Martin, and wouldell go with Saint lohn de 
Vllus, then thou halt got IUeſinopthweſt: and this is the courte that chou mutt kerpe, if thou 
bee karre off at fea, I meane ſofarre off as thou mapeſt well viſerie the hils of S. Martin, 
But il thou be nere to the land, then thou mut goe Roth well anv by let, and thou ſbaltſa 
come the coalt, anvcheu (hale lind the coatt co bee low land: and comming this courte choy 
ſhalt haue light ol certaine litt le hilles not very high: then thou ſhalt fall wich the popne called 
Niode Medelin, Punta de Antoni Setroæ and theſe hilles lye duet the tiuet of Medelin. Ano if when thou at 
Call and Het, with The Volcan op hill that taſteth out fire, any man dot athe thee , wert the 
8. lun gan- harbour ot Sant luan de Vilua is, thou mapeſt true lp anſ wert, Ciel and by South , andi; tan 
anbapalte.” dethin 18. degreez and a halfe. 


The oourſe to be kept from Naena E/panna to the maine of Spuin 
in Europe. g 


Omming from S. Iuan de Vilus to ge fo Spaine, chou (halt irre Roptheaſt vntil chan 
be in 24. degrets: and ſo beeing thou halt goe E alt vntill thou bung thy lelte in rhe foun 
The Tonge, ding af the Tortugas, and thy ground wil be whice land. I aduife thet. that if it be by night, len 
T—T—T—TTTTTTTT teeta renee 

t 0 e ground, and come intogteat ’ u to 
Nopth of the Tortugas. And going ftom this foundfor Hauana thou mutt irrt Sowbfemhs 
cal becaule of the currents that carrie ther to the Catt, And it by chs wap thou haut fight of 
am hie land, chat fremeth co be lib a loaſe, make accountitis theloafeof Cabanas, Auto the 
Eaſtot᷑ this toate thou ſbalt fee a land that hath a plaine. It ſdeweth to be low, euen wihthe leg, 
and as ſimuoth as the fea: and from this land to the Catt che land is lower and lower. And from 
thence to Hauana thou mutt goe Eaſt. Ano if the wind will not let thee go that courte, chou mut 
turne vp till chou be vyonthe harbour ol Hauana. 
The marks ot the poynt of Hauana be theſe, that on the Catt ſide it hath an hie blacke lim, 
eee eee hero 
e netre „ & When chou art hard to it, jp copper 

Caples in ſigne of peace tothecaftle,teattic tyeote atthee. 


Wh st courſe the Spaniards keepe from Flanana to Spain 


F from Havana shou wouldeſt Cet thy courte fo Spaine,chou mutt goe Moptheaſl, and halt lo 
— 24. degtees and a halle. —— 
Melt. The marks ve theſe it ſheweth ithe heads af trees, and in (ome places certaine tochs wih 
Frere ca hr Sni an Seng Ur f toon cen go Ea ena bp Mouth vntill thon (ee 
the coaſt to lye Noztheaſt and Dourh welt : and it the wind be ſcant, then go turning vpm coke 
good heed that euerpcuening at Summe going downe chou haue fhe of the land, and o thou mut 
Bo being in dhe Shane onc chon tpg ep Cui income te chanel: anu jon tire 


> 7 leagues to 
: aie oe aor 
grees: the m. 
hence thou tt 
the cape of S. 
of Arenas Gc 
led Cabe ga d 
A wiſh thee to 


— .. 
‘eft Indieſ. 
—— 
tuer of Almeria, 
02 aſraboojd the 


vixt the Al. 


anna within the 
— thy Selle in 
ND bp Noꝛth d 
nougbt thy Lette 
angle, then chou 
elt: and by this 
iis lying opty 
i thep be binbett: 
w, Called Pan de 


h Saint lohn de 


* 
— v—᷑— 


| The firft ruttier for the Weft Indies. and Diſcoueries. Ou 


And tf be 
Chanel thou finde the winde large, thou ſbalt Mitre Moptheal, wi 
sae tase tbe Mitaoresoy the Dine Ano if being in pap ees ba cate to ge cieane 


mul turne witha litle ſalle 4. glaſſes one ae 4. another, an (hou djinkert Mabe. tak 


a] 
ia 


ip, 
bee,that when thou art come ous of the Chanel thou (halt be in 20. be 28, 
bein umunte,chou thals goe JRopebeatt vntillt abies te 


| goeCalt aud by South: and chou mut goe thus becaute of the variation of the Compalle. Any Che bannen 
thus chow thale lind the ifles of Flores and Cueruo, which Rand in 39. degrees aud in 40. large, Page %%. 
The markes be thefe, * 

Thou mapeſt goe from betwirt Flores and Cueruo, and mutt goe Caſt Scutheaſl, and ſo thou Fores and ca- 
| Wal haue fight ol the Alland ol Sayles, which ts the Alland ol S. George. And beeing at the land 5, George 
thou (hale goe along it, and when thou halt doubled Acertaine litle Head land that lyeth in the 

Lam fopnt, chen thou (hale Rirre Ca and by Porth, and Catt, Ano thus going, thou ſhalt 

baut light of Tergera, which is in 39. degrees. The markes beechele, * And behinde a cer - Tes. 

tune blacke land ſomeihing bigh , which is talled el Brafil, Qanveth the Citie called Angra. 

3 krom Tercera, thou (hale runne Catt Hoꝛtheaſt, until thou bung ih lelfe JAopeh wert, 

un 


bee thou alt baue the hunde 7. xi. wal. Ano beeing Mouhwelt and Doutheate &Vinccne. 
with this Cape, thou dae tig ae ad and tr: Eat, ano chou ſbalt ſo fall with the land 6 

. leagues tothe wind ward off the C 

Ke ng along the coat co be Beuth 


we pp banel of Baha. Sie courte in 
vntill thou be in 30. degrees 

» becaufe of the variation of 8 
hale goe on the ol Ber- SiMe bariation 
Ache Ae shout thie aan, be pate 


Aland tden gor Catt soph Par? tor vv. 


accompe it is the rocks called migaa. Ind if thou thinke good to 
Wil chou be in 3 8. degree; fant, and Cat, anv 
Chemarkesofisherbele, * . ee 
from Fai leauing all the Allende, then goe Gat and by Douch vntill 
37. degrees, whichis the height of Saint Vincent: and then goe 
fee che Cape hauing the markes afope ſapd. froin Cape S. Vincent thou 
with the harte ol &. Lucar: and The batteat 


. Lucar, 
fo) a warning chat if going in j . degrees thou haue nos fiche of C S. Vincent, 
md hall of certaine hie bil, make accompe — — ou Sietras de Mave. 
Aa . ˙ —̃̃ © ape ol S.Vincenc,then goe sie, 
tn 36,degrees!, 7 thy lelle within the Cape, il thou let many lignes of greene weedes, mne 


| ! So ; 
1 S ˙ this toap Gnoing Land, ani he fame Sewing tapte 


—— nein nn aaa aaa 
612 The Engliſn Voyages, The ſiyſt ruttier for the Weft Ind: 
A ruttier for the old Chanel from the Eaſt point of ¶( aba by the 


North fide thereof to Hanana. : 7 
SMe t ADing fromebe Capeof S.Nicolas,chou halt goe JAoth Rope rwett out chou tt eye 


Sabel wind word off the popne that thou mapett weather it x it is calted the poynt of Mayaci:any 
Penatde au lt in a bery low land end ſmooth : and aboue vn within che land about a league ie path a lung py 
aci. which is not very high but flat. And from that poynt to Baracoats 7, 8 
Baracoa, And being diſpoled to goe into Baracoa, kecpe the weather · ſhoze all atong, vntill thon ayg 
the Harbour. And to knowe il thou ber open ok the Harbour, tooke vpon the Routh Live; am i, 
ſhalt ite an Hill by it ſelle, which maketh as it wete a tromne bpon it. And ik thou come 
it maketh as it wtre a Fot with Ports about it: And this is the marke if thou come out eli 
Sen. And this Hill is Nozth and South of the arbour , ouer the arbour of Baracoa, guy 
1 ſhold on the i thou wilt coe in, thou mutt take herde of a Shoald which lyeth on the Eat five, and thoumg 
Kan Keone the Niet lde: and goe not much fromthe Sboeld, berauſe the foote of the Shoring 
: ſbooteth Meſtward bath 5.farhoms water. And when thou art wirhin the Shoalds, thou mg 
oe a litle within them, and then let fall an anchoꝛ: and loo ke that thou come not much on ihe e 
de, ko it is ſhoaldie. 
Amd tomming ont from Batacoa, being to paſſe though the old chanel, you (hal let pour courte 
CavodeMca, Mozthweſt vntil you tome with the Cayo de Moa, o the ſboalu of Moa, vntill pou thinke aum 


Thisworve Noztheaſt and Bouthweſt with it, oz tuͤl you thinke you are gone 12 leagues: and pou ſhel unn 


Wlan that pon are vpon Cayo de Mos. Fon betoe you come at it by a. lengues oz moze , pou help 


Maße fuel derſtand that it bath apopnt of loe tand, and vpon the popnt it bach a Palme tretz whithtrre pm 

alhoad, ſpall (ee alwayes, before pou lee tze point: and it is like a ſayle. From thente to The Pracelss 

Pracellas n Flats pou ſhall irre Roꝛthwel two parts of your wap, chat you haue to runne From Cayoce 

Moa to the ſayd Pracellas op Flats , und the one halfe part ol (he way Noꝛth Nozthtueſ mol 

: CClets And this way pots (hall ſee The Pracellas o; Flats ina cleane place of the Choaldstone 

Chemolowe, the water, fo} all che bzeachol the lea, The Mofowes bee fromthe Pracell Geet, anny ul 
leaue them to windwarn, * 

And il you will goe with the Pracellas op Flats, pou {hall finde 4,07 5. fathomen: mym y 

goe (ure without danger a Mop thweſt courſe vntill pou come in 7. fathomes, And il por ul e 

bpon the Sboalv, pon ſpall goe pon that depth, wntill poubaue runne 40,02 45. leagues: Any 

from thence pou ſhall (et pour courſe South welt, till pon (de thé Flatten of the maine ind. Pos 

Camoloques. hall then Cee tothe CLietward a rocke viuioevint 3. partes, which is called the Camoloquer, 

And looke that when pon come from the Pracellas poucyivett , pou baue certaine Flats before 

Eye Flute ot pour take herde of them that pou fall noe bp night with them by foure leagues, for feareofehe 

nnen Mecala : and pon (hall fet pour tourſe telt Morebwell 5ntil bays am wen it és dap pou mas 

beaxe cloſe abooꝛd the hore, and then port thall (ve a at Alland with manp broken anes , which 

Cropedsafiat is called Cropeda, and lyeth but a little out of the trade way, ſom to che Ronchwnrd. Of 

Bhand. cor that pou thall (ee 2. Nock of fone, which are the poynt ol all the Mats : And iwo leagues from 

none. them on the mayne land pou (hall (ee a poynt which ſhewethlike bꝛoken land. Chis is called The 

PunradeCavews, Poytit of Caucus, And from that poyntto Marancas onthe Nofihſipe of Cubs are 1,leaqus, 

diam: and pout coutſe lieth Cet and bp HRoꝛth: and then pou muſt bozro w vpon the land all het pou 

d tan, betauſe ol the currents: for the currents will carp vou into the Chanell, And being at l- 

tangas you muſt runne all along the woe, betsuſe ol che currents, Remember that when pou te 

one league befope you a Roche, and a Qboald, that bath vpon it but 2 lathomes water ; and pout 

marke (f pou come out ol the fea is an ill, and the Hil is not verp hie, it Randech Colt mo el 

and vponteare ſome little rilings and they are not very bigh, and vpon thele rifings dand two 

pe reste a kound homoc ks cloſe together, nov ſhall fee the Teates of Hauana. f 

Seda Coknowalongehe ther? when pou ate againt che Warbour af Xarcea, the mares are tele, 

e d little to the Catcttmard ome league, pot Chall Cee along the Thope.a Will that is broken, wh 

woken Pill is ouer eye Harbour of Xaroca: and then a little mope to che Cielward aieague, 


Che currents. 


there is another broken Mill. And pou ſhall (ee that Morth and rou from theſt byoken ils u 1 
Flat off. And krom that to Hauana is 7. leaguts : and it is all cleane geound, and ou maß got? 
csertes te long the thore till pou come to Howand, To know the barbotre of Havana, you thall ſer befieket ff 


381 


Fc b cor aticone litte roche of done not very bie, and Imooch cotward che fea öpon iberocbt Manta 
n He siete wilte tower, wherein they heepe watch, Aud thentk pou haue che winde Large,pou chu 
the harbour open, and then pou may beare in with it. aii > 


auc ſpiype being of great burthen, when pou are wit in, then kerpe on the ene art 7 


| The2.ruttte 


pop ake e eee 
on the Eaſt ſide, ont 
> which hath but the 
along the weather! 

pourap come to an 


How to v 
: not minde 
% 


5 If pou will come | 
Ion pour courſe fro! 
and then ſet our ci 
hal ken the Flats ot 
md ſmooth upon, an 
tl in the day time, 
ſoumding no neerer 
> 2.0pthpee leagues o 
©) forefatd, Ano alſo po 
7) towary the thoalo, ¢ 
] RAopthweelanv whe 
And as pou fires 
nell, you ſhall fee the 
uhich pon may ealil 
Baſquo is 6. league: 
is 45. leagues. And 
zo. leagues, pou tha 
leagues, and keepe 
map edge round cot 
Camaloqua. 

And looke that v 
by it, pou ſhall not ( 
as is atoꝛe ſayd, vnti 
mentioned, vntill po 

Foz to {et pour 
South with the poi 
Noꝛtheaſt and Do 
ſeaſide. And from! 
this courfe you may 
mn hie land and fino 
when pou come to it 
And looke that you 
heede of Caio Rom: 


a 
5 
f = 
a 
pat 


2 
5 


vntill pou (ee it, ant 


A principal 


from &. L. 


litle Ifles cal 
the courfe f 
to Spaine : t. 


Heft Ind The2.ruttier for the Weft Indies. and Diſcoueries. 


a a a ee 
— onthe Catt five on the Ciel end of the Racke alozelayde, there liech a ledge to the Cet ward, 
iba by the JE whieh bath but three oz fourefarhoms : vpon it. If pour dip be of (mail burthen, you map run 
| along tbe weather bote, vutill poucome right againtt the Cattle ; and then halle the Bap outer 
a 1 vou map come to an anchoz. 
mit beryen 


5 : ; 
deem How to worke comming through the olde Chanell, if you be 
Halong bi, not minded to goe ouer the Pracellas or fhoalds. 
: u will come through the olde Chanel, when pou come as hie as the Shoalds, comming v 
fe a 5 If — courfe from tbe Caio de Moa, as I told pou, keepe 2. leagues from the Pracel o Waal. cao de Moa, 
u COME 10 and then let our tourſe Melt unto the low illands of the Firme land. And vpon this courle pou 


dome o pal ken the Flats on the point ol Caio Romano: and within it is one Flat higher then the other, crio Romans. 
en 0 5 ps ſmooth upon and in the middeſt it makech as it were bꝛoken land; and when pou are in the char 
and um nel in the day time, pou mutt take heede you come not nere the ſhoꝛe by a. leagues, and by pour 
elaine ſoumding no neerer chen 3. fathoms. And you mutt take heede il when q night commeth to keepe 
de, thun fe 202 chpee leagues off fop feare of the ſboalds. And in che night you mutt goe Moreh welt as is ae 
ch onthe dope laid. And allo pou mil take heed that vou keepe in the middle of che chanel, as nere as you can 
wpword che ſhoald. Ano finding much wind e being benighted, from midnight till day ſlirre Celt 
et yourcon Nuntbwelt, and when it is tawards dap, then pou may edge towards the Flats as is afozefain, 
thinke pum i And as pou ſtirre hence one day and one night from Caio Romano to the inwards of the Cha · 
pou ſhal nn nal vou ſhall (ee che firme land ol Cuba, and other markes: and among the reſt, a round bamocke, 
„ Dow Shall ny which pou map ealily know. It is called Alcane de Baraſoga. And from thence to Sauano and to Alone de Bars; 
which m Baſquo is 6. leagues, aud likewiſe Havana 6. leagues. And from thence to trolle vnder the Fort — 
The Pncelas is 45. lengues. And ſitrre hence vpon pour courte afopefaiv. And if x u haue gone from Barafoga 
from Coe 30. leagues, you ſpall {ce nune of che Flats ol Mecala: And giue tyem a bꝛedth off two oz the be Flats of 
rthwetmoty fee leagues, and keepe pour courte UCtetk Nozthwelt, as afozefapd, wntillit be dap, and pꝛeſentlp pou Cane beede of 
e Cheddatone ee map ace round to the Flats. And thus ſtirring, keepe pour courſe vntill pou lee the hilles of prs arr 
; Camaloqua. teas 
„ AED Yor Chall And iooke that when pou come f om Caiode Moa, along the Pracei 2 ſhoald by night clofe fon. a 
: Dy by it, pou hall not fee what land it is, till it be day: and in the Hozning pou ſhall let your courſe loquea. ; 
tf pou twill goe as is atoꝛe ſayd, vntill pou fee the ſhoald, and in ſeeing it, vou may ſtirre on pour courſe as is aboue 3 
Leagues: Aud mentioned, vntill pou come to Hauana. Hauana. 
ine lud, Dow Foz to Cet pour courſe from the point of Mance to Caio Romano, when you ate Noꝛth and Punca de Mance, 
Camoloques. South with the point of Mance, pou thall ſtirre thence (ett Moꝛthweſt, oneil you thinke you be 
e Flats before Nozthealt and South weft with the bill ol Hama, And this hill is an bigh bill and ſmooth to the sierra del Heme, 
ſealide. And from this hill to Caio Romano pou ſpall ſtirre Noʒthweſt and by Tek : and vpon Caio Romano, 
this courſe you map be bolveto fee Caio Romano, And the marke of this Flat is, that it maketh S ae 
m bie land and ſmooth vponthe top: and in the middeſtok it, it ſbeweth as it were bzoken. And Caio Romano, 
when pou come to it, vou muſt take heede pou come not neere it by a. leagues, becauſe it is fowle. 
And locke that you bring not pour felfe too neere the hill ol Hama by night, Foz you mutt take 
beede ol Caio Romano tokecpe oft it untill Moꝛning: in the Poꝛning ydumay goe pour courte 
vuntill pou fee it, and then {et pour tourſe. as is aboue ad. 


A principal ruttier conteining moſt particular directions to ſaile 
from &. Lacar in Audaluxia by the Iſles of the Canaries, the {mall Ifles cal - 
led Las eAntillas, along the South parts of the Iſles of S. Ian de Puerta rico, Hifpaniola 
and Cha: and from Cabo de Corrientes , or Cabo de S.eAnton without and within the 
litle Ifles called Los Alacranes, to the port of S./nan de Ullua in Vara Ea, and 
the courfe from thence backe againe by Hawana, and through the Chanell of Bahama 
to Spaine together with the fpeciall markes of all the Capes, Iflands, and other places 
by the way; anda briefe declaration of theit — — 
8 F pou depart from the barre of S. Lucar de Barameda toward the Weft Indias Punta de Ng 
5 Ate 


ide Sum. er time, you mutt dite away Southtweſt vntill you come to che 


be lnb callén Punts de Naga vpon the Ille af Tenerif. But if pour nes 
: Bi pacture be from the fap barre in the ¶Uinter. you mutt (titre amay Southwelt 
md bp South, vntill pou come to the beight of Cape Cantin on the coaſt of Ba- 


1 2 barie : the markes and lignes whereof be shele following. 1 
i ie 


614 The Engliſh Voyages, The2. ruttier for the Weft Ing 
The markes to know Cape Canin. 


Ci" Canin is alowe Cape anv ſmall to the fea-ward, and maketh a ſnowt like thenoteor, 
galley and hath vpon the top of the poynt a Heath 02 ſozubby place, and on the teppe thereat 
Rand two homocks, that to the ſea- ward being higher then the other; but that on the Somty, 
five ſheweth like a tower: and this Cape is in 3 2. degrees and: 
And he that wil ſeeke from this Cape to bilcauer Punta de Naga befopefayn, mutt firre iu 
Douthweſt and by Nleſt, vntill hee bring himſelfe oztheaſt and Southwen with the fame 
point, and then he mutt ſtirre away South to fetch the ſaid point. 


The ſignes of Punta de Naga, 


1 a laid point oz head land is an high point ol L and » 4nd plaine bpon the toppe like aati, 
and without it chere are two litle rockie Allands; and vpon the Moꝛth five of the ſaid pont 


is another point called Punta de hidalgo, and upon the top thereof are 2. picked rockes lthe yyy 
the eaves of a hate. 


The courfe from the Canaries to the VV eft Indies. 
a 6 F pou fet ſaile from any of the Illands of the Canaries fo) the Welt Indias, pouymg 
Sa 


Punta de hi 
dalgo. 


Tbe catmes of & 0 Bel ire away 30. o 40 leagues due South, to the ende pou map auoid the talmes ofthe 
: : 2 Illand of Fierro: and being ſo karre diſtant from the laid Illand, hen mug Pou fiiregs 
wap Tet South welt, vntul peu finde pour ſelfe in 20, degrres, and then ſalle cd 
and by South vntill pou come to 1 5. degrees and . And from thence ſtirte awap Tet ano) 
J2opeh; and ſo Chall pou make a (Chel wap by reaſon of the Naopthweſling of the Comp al.: libich 
Chevariation eſt wap will bing pou to the Illand of Defeada, 


of the coni⸗ a 
pal. The markes of the Iſland of Deſcada. 


hes Illand Defeada lieth E aſt Noꝛtheaſt, and eſt South welt, hauing no trees bon it, 
and it is proportioned like a Galley, and the Non theaſt ende cherecf maketh alowe nofe like 
the ſnowt ofa galley; and by conning neere it, and paling by the Noꝛther ende thercof pou gual 
perceiue white bꝛoken patches like beapes of ſand With red ſtrakes in them: a the South wel ep 
Detadrinrs, of this Illand maketh like the tilt ofa b alley. And this Alland ſtanveth in 1 5‚ degrees and 


degrees and 
A halte. 


cal) 


+ and putting pour (ite Ather 
Caſt 02 Wiel from that point, in ihe mint thereof will appeare a great bꝛoken land. 


Markes of the Ifland of Atarigalanta. 


M Arigalanta is a ſmooth Iſland, and full of wood 03 trees, and as it were of the fathion ofa 

galley vpon her decke: and being on the Southeatk five abcut balfe a league off pou tail 
make certaine omocks of blacke ſtonts, and certain white patches: but on the Ceti lde appeare 
faire tobite fanvp ſhoz es oꝛ plaines, 


Markes of the Iſle of. Dominica, 


at Illand of Dominica lieth Noꝛthweſt and Southe alk » AND vpon the Ronthweſ fine it 
theweth moze high: and if pour come nere it at full ſea, it will ſhew! wo Illands, but by 
comming neerer vnto it, pou (hall perteiue it to be but one: and vpon the S>outheatt fine pou tal 


make oꝛ {ee a plaine and long point, and vpon the Came point appeareth a cliffe like to the cliff of 
Cape Tiburon; itle fi 


Markes of the Ifland of Guadalupe. 
He Wand of Guadalupe lieth on the Meſt of Defeada,and vpan the Southtwelt art theres 


of apps are many hie moumtatnts, but UPON the Catt ſwe it maketh certaine cables, whichare 
called the highpart of Guadalupe. Aud this Idland is cut Moꝛth and Mouth; fo that the Canoss 
of India do paſſe froms the Nozth to che South ol it, as if it were two Flanve, 


Makes 


Bh ae aa Hogi ot ede we 


tS SR 


PMA as he ee 


The z. ru 


He alle o 
3 5 
North ſide 
Hh thofe of D 


Markes 

of Sa 

Os Santos 
Foz to goe 

the Alle ol dab 


Aba is a litle 
omliger but t 
of white fan; a 
on that A haue g 


Ls virgin go 
Virgines wi 
map goe about b 
gines; and comm 
lite J Hand, whi 
Alland op bare r. 
7 the 1 f 

i 1. fado 
28 of Pur 
direction, vutill t 
day : and chen he 
tome to the entri 
bauing the L ogu 


Here 


Anta Cru is 
will (het like 
ret, And by this 
vou max ſayle alo 


Roxo ia 
ground there 
krom the land by i 


I 
Hf you will (eet 


De WleofM 

and to goe fro 
it inthe leaſe 
vnill it be necre d. 
vou ſte it not, then 
57 
and ſo Hall pou got 


Weft Ind, 
nn 


like thenoteor, 
che teppe ther 
on the Scuben 


muſt ſtirre ny 


i with the fame 


ppe like table, 
of the ſald point 
KEG lhe vun 


dias, pou maf 
e talmeg of the 
Ut you Mires 
hen ſalle yg 
v Tleſt diy 
MPAs hy 


trees bon t, 
lowe note like 
cof, pou hall 
outlined end 
sand, 


eof pou hall 
he bery poing 
r lille either 


efathion of 
olf pots ſhal 
lde appent 


hwelt fine ie 
nds, but by 
de pou thall 
the cliff of 
and and bps 
| perceiue it 


part there; 
„ whichare 
he Canoss 


Makes 


The2.rutsier for the Welt Indies. and Difcoueries, 


Markes of the Ifle of Atanalins, or Martinina, 


He Ale of Maralina is high and full of mountaines, hauing in the inte ereok 3. : 
Tanin bomocke being higheſecheweih like the great bowle of an bee, . 
the Noth ſide it appeareth like chpee little Allands. And in this Alland there are warlin Indians 
like thofe of Dominica, 


Markes of the three {mall Iflands called Iflas de Los Santos or the {lands 


of Saintes, 


Os Santos ate 3. Allandes Ipiag one clofe by another vpon the South live of Guadalupe, 
Len ; ave with S. luan de Puerto rico pou mutt irre away Rozthweſt, vntill pou fall with 
the Ille ol Saba. 

* Markes to know the Iſle of Saba, 


Aba is a litle Aland, and round about it pou (hall {ee the bottome; but feare not, faz there is no 
e but that which pou ſpall fee ; and round about it it maketh as it were cestaine heapes 
of white land and bp the lidethereol it ſheweih line a Ship under lalle: but follow that directi⸗ 
on that J haue giuen, and pou ſhall ſec La virgin gorda. 


Markes to know the Iſle called Za virgin gorda, 
i virgin gorda is an high Illand anvround, and fecing it, vou thall efpie all the sett ol the 
Virgines which Ipe Cal and Meſt one from another, and are bare without anp trees. Pou 
may goe about hy them vntil pou fee the litle grap land, which pou ſhal fee by it ſelke by the Vir. 
gines; and connning neere to the Capo Iſland, ouer that por ſhall by aud by raple fight of the white 
lite Jlland, which ſeemeth like a chip vnder (aile, And ik pou will paſſe betweene this litle white 
Aland op bare tocke, and the greene Iſland, you mutt beware that pou leaue the white Illand 


Warlike and 
dangerous In- 
dians like tote 
ol Dominica. 


Tpeſe 2. che 
white and the 
grap Iſlands 
are rather bart 
roches in the 


on the larbourd foe of you, and come uo neerer it then a Calieuer. ſbot, and ſo (hall pou patle 8 
through 1 3,fadome-water : and then ſlitre away Nonihnopihweſt, and ſo ſhall POW enter into Fade wor 


the auen ol Puerto tico: and if pou chance to pale the fayd Alland by night. goe by the forefain 
direction, vutill the kirſt watch be out, and then take in pour Caples, and ſo dziue vntill it bee neere 


nie. But 
imterpgete it 
fland,becauts 
the roc 


day: and chen hoiſe ſaples, and ſtirre away Southwelt , feeking the layde Pozt: and when pou Abe ad ied 
come co the entring within, yon mutt Gap till 10. ok the clocke for thefea-turne, And know, that {Pe maser ¢ 


bauing the Loguilo at South welt, then hall the Harbour be off pou Nozth and South. 
Directions from Mon/erate to Santa Crus. 


by the Cane courte pots {hall {ease vpon S. Iuan de Puerto rico. 


to be litle J 
lands. 
This white 


des and fear 


Hs that departeth from Monferate to Santa Cruz, mutt ſtirre away Meſtnozthwell: and femave wie 


Markes to know the Ifle of Santa Cruz. 
Anta Cruz is an Alland not vero high, all full of homocks: and comming with it at full lea, it 
will thetw like the Virgines: and vpon the Eat five there are two bomoc ks higher tben all the 
red. And by this courte you may goe to the Ille of S. luan de Puerto rico; aud hauing founn it, 
pou max ſaple along ehe South coat Eat and Melt, vntill you come to Cabo Roxo, 


Markes to know Cape Roxo. 
Can Roxois alow Cape and trapling to the ſea- ward, hauing certaine heapes of token 
ground thereon, which are like a homocke, and at full ſeathe fame ſheweth like a litle Alland 
from the land bp it lelle, but comming nere onto it it will make all a whole lend, 


Directions from Cabo roxo to the Iſle of Aona. 
Aron will ſeeke Mona fro Cape roxo, vou mutt ftitre alway ici and by Mozth, 


Markes of the Ifle of Mons. 


We Bleof Monais alow, round, and ſmooth Alland, lying lowe by the fea,and full oft. res: 

and to goe krom thence to the Alle of Saona pou muſt lire away ect; and il pou fall with 
it inthe ſeaſon, and come anp thing neere the land, then ſlirre away elt and by Dourh, 
vntill it be necre day. chat Pou mer Reepe peur felfe be the land; and if ls be chat in ie Wazning 
PoUfee tt not, then Gitte away Nonthwweli, and ſo (hall you Gnve it : and it it be faite weather, and 
Pou perceiue that the current bach let pon to ehe Bourhweſk, then titre away Ropthnozthwell, 
aud ſo Mall pou goe cleare off the land. oie 

; ce 


foules that ree 
four vnto u. 


616  TTheEnglith Voyages, Thea. ruttier for the Weft Ind, 


Markes of the Ifle of Saona. 


F pouchance to fee the Alle ofSuona, it is an Illand ſmooth with the (ea, and iyeth orherg 

and Beuth welt, and pou ſhall fee che trees betoze vou lee the Illand: and on the Bouthwel 
end of this Alland appeareth a great high banke of whice ſand which is called the head of Saona, 
And ik you would come to an anchop,poumay,fop all ir cleate ground. And to go from this Jam 
to Santa Cate lina, you muſt ſtirre awap Moꝛthweſt. 


Markes of the Iſle of Santa Catelina. 

One Catelina is a litle lowe Illand all full of low rockes euen from the water, and hath nog 
any trees, and it is cloſe by the land; and if you doe not run along the coaſt of Hifpaniola, yyy 
ſhe ll not lee it: and Ecom that Alland to goe to Saint Domingo, pou ſhall ſayle along as the lun 
lpeth, Cet and by Moth: and before pou come to the point called Cauſedo, pou Mhall {er ca: 
Cbeſe roches taine holen in rockes, which lye alongſt as the rocks doe that caſt vp the water, which will hey 
Butcres.op Uke to the ſpouting of Clhales. And a litle ahead off that, pou chall {ee the point of Andie 
twe(pours. and ahead thertof the poynt ol Cauſedo. This poynt of Cauſedo lyeth lowe cloſe by the wy 
Carat Ol tet, and palling therebp, the coatt will make to chee J2opth werk anv Southealt; and from then, 
SanDomingo. to S. Domingo are leagues, And if che winde chop vp at Nozth bpon pou, by meanes Wheres 
of pou ſhould be cat off from the coaft oꝛ Pont, and that you happen to fee the olde Pines ( celley 
Sierras de ‘as mis Sierras de las minas viejas) beare Moꝛthweſt off you, and The teates which are within the lm 
nevis be open of pou, then thal pou be Month and Souih with the harbour; and ik The old Pinesben 

Noꝛth off you, then (hall yon be below the harbour. 


Directions from Saint Domingo to Nueua Eſpanna. 

IZ pou will ſayle from Saint Domingo in Hifpaniola to Nueua Efpanna, ſfirre away Soutts 
Ne, vont or I ſouthwell, vntil pou come vp as karre as the point of Nicao; and from thence ſlirre aw y dad 
Eye Ane ot louthtaeſt, and ſo pou ſpall finde the Ille ol Beata. And if you faite from this point of Nicso fo 
= Ocoa,pou muſt paſſe along the coat ¶Meſt and by Moꝛthy, drill pou come to Puerto Hermoſo, iz 
Puerto bermofo, The beautifull hauen, which is 18. leagues dillant from Saint Domingo: and if Pott procerde 

from Puerto Hermofo fox Nueua Efpanna, poumult Mitre awap pouthfourhwelt, vail zan 
be THe of looke out fo2 Beata and Alto velo, 


; Markes of the Ifle of Beata. 

B ſmall Aland and not very high: you may paſle along the outlive thereof, and ther i 

no danger but that you map fee; and by and by vou ſhall raife Alto velo: and fronithentr wu 

LoFrailes, mut ſtirre away {Ciel and by South, to gil: a birt from the Illands called Los Frailes, & The 

Eriers. Anv when pou are as farce ahead as the Frailes, then mutt you ſlirre away Cet and by 

Bacos. Noꝛth, and ſo (hall pou goe right wich Bacoa, and before pou come to it, you Chall leebighcrags 

gie cliſfes, and at the velcending of them white paths like great theetes; thele high craggit win · 

Lasfierrsde taines are called Las ficrras de donna Maria. And befoze you tome to the ſayde pointof Bacoo, 

donne Maria you (hall dilcauer a little lowe Bland euen with the Wen and full of trees, which is called 
MaBagues Iſla Baque. 


Directions from Ila Bague to Cape Tiburon, 
, pou will gde from the Illand Ba que, o; from the point of Bacoa fo; Cape Tiburon, optothe 
cane i of Nauaza,pou mu ſtirre away Aeſtnoꝛth welt, and edge in ſome what to the Sopehuel, 
Nana, and pou (hall paſſe becweene Nauazaand Cape Tiburon. 


Markes of Cape Tiburon, which is the Weſtern cape of Hi/paniols, 
Co Tiburon lpeth fining downt tothe Seaward, and maketh a ſparpe clitfe like the {nent 
of a Tiburon 9} (harke-fith; and vpon ehe tup thereof it appeareth like white tapes twith cer · 
taine gullets op dꝛaines vpon it, which are cauled by the pallage of the water fram themountains 
in the Uinter time. 


Maskes of the Iſle of Na. 


fe alitie round Filany futi of low trees op . , wed it ſxeth E aſt and Lit from 

Cape Tiburon, and trom this (matt Alland to gu for dien s de Cabre, o Chemoumaines 

02 mines ol Copper vponthe Soutbeatt part of C aum iste atop Banhu 
He 


t 


A 


be 2. N 
— 

F you will ſat 

weit, am pot 
long the coat Ul 
Tarquino, anvf 
Tarquino is che 
no, from whence 
ccuaſt, vntill you ce 


| Ciao 
fop the diltant 


IF vouſapie fro 

welt. And note 

L bich are called 1 

and ſo fall pot fin 

| pou are amazed, pe 

Gude pour felfe ino 

7 
chen may yon ti 

fee the Alland of Pi 


(Het fine of them u 
le che trees befaey 
Pare. 
Tab ante ftom 
1 Nodch; and befor 
wountaines all Cull o 


Wet part hach mops 


Direqions fron 

mall Iſlands call 
Frau Caple fm 
Ht 


*eGisrivection, th 


4 be 2. Nartier for the e ——— 
Toft Ind The 2. Nurtier for the We Indies, and Difcoueries, 
CORNELL CLOG ²˙ A — — 


Diredtions from c 
rh IRoreherg 
e South weg 
ead of Sona, 
m this Jam 


c att, vntill you come to Cabo de Cruz. ; 
de 4 Markes of Cabo de Cru, 
ng as the lam Ape de Crus is a low Cape full of ſhzubs; and from thence Men ward vou thalt feenotann ; 
t Mall fee cers Ce the diſtanre oz bap in great between the ſayd Cape and the Illes called Los Iardines. 
0 pei | Directions fromcupe de Cru to Ila de bin vi 
hd tba {i vou faple front Cape de Cruz to feeke che Alland of Pinos , vou nut tit away cite 
hence 


welt, And note, char ik in this courte you happen to ſounde, doe not feare; 
tanes wen fathoms. Ik allo going this courte, you mecte with certaine litite Illandg 
ines (cala Lich are called The Caimayes, o The crocodiles, hauing fight of them, 
ithin the lang andfo ſhall pou five the Tan of Pinos, Aud if by ſeeing the ſayde Illands ca 
Pines ben Tou ace amazed, pou ſhall knowe by the latitude whither they bee The lardines 


0200: for if you Los Iardines, 
Gude pour felfe mone and twentie degrees, then bee pou ſure they are The Jardines, and then ſtir 
out ag aine Bom, till pou bee cleave of them; and when pou haue bought chem Frvzth ol you, 
N hen may you ſtirre away cet, il it bee by day; il it bet bynight, eit and by South, till you 
way Dun fee the Aſlaud of Pinos, 
ofNete . The markes of Ia de Pines, 
Hermoſo, i bed of Pinos ſtretcheth it felfe att and Het . and 
vou proceede 


1 chance to feeit at full ſea, it will ſhewe like 3. Iſlauds, 
lt, vnrill ou betweenc chem, and that in the midſt is the ateſt; and 
5 and vpon the Catt five of th e chꝛee homo gged; and on the 


p (Cleft fine of them will appeare vnto ov a lowe point aftentines pou thall 
1 he che tres befpepou hetlbteerne hepa P 
ai ee or Directions from the Iſle of Pino: 
iles, 0) The r Di dle aud b 
t 7 1 ' as Sie arico, and on the Les lerres de . 
wo Wet pac bach mae homnocks then that onthe aher. Pen Kg 
ot Bacoa, 


ch is called Markes of Cape de Corrientes, 

Ape de Corrientes in a luwe Cape, though not fo low as the ether Part of che land that lyeth 
Calong bp it: fon it is elowe, and hath omit 4. 02 f. great fplats line vnto o and the 
f mor PL, tite had; ann nunc On 5 — 


ettward pou ſhall diſterne no lande, 
on, tothe 8 humabethagreat bay nd Fronts hence pon sul fate co Capede Sant Aree J 


Markes of Cape de Sant Anton, 


ye of § lotue hy the fea, and all Full of hub tand you thall {ee w 4 
. in hele ‘lake e ante, ee header — — 
1 —— 
es wih cers ribet) laue re a bowwle at lake to the Hf) um the Cape are cere 
aang ae hh ea lege g. ef aß h an Je eth ay 
Diredtions from thec 
5 {mall Iſlands called Ze: 
Mel m tare u faple frais C. 
a ie U Caple Feats ( : the prael 
Lace a — Eff ann 


618 The Engliſh Voyages The Rutter for the Well Fnaies, 


— — pougl ſelle into 24, degrees and , any 

: nm then follow pour courte oma phar Sound with the Ille Vameje, 02 The ted 

S dt Ve. then falle Clelt vtill pou being pour felte J Villa rica on the coaſt ol Nueus 

Vilovica lie: then tite away Spouthtwett , and by this wer pou thall Eure Vs t to lee the Lanne 

inp if bp going this courle poube in 19.degrees any po ie ton che bahn 

8 Klett pneill pou (ee Villa rica, and from chence 7 — snp bp dle — 

Vitus, S.luan de Vilua s and é€ you fhouln be neere the land pou mit fie hill tobeare welt ¢ by Sou 

Zee she fame harivout. Ano if vou chance to (eethe Voican op burning hi off 
Be dan e hen hasty pa be arbour ots. lun de Viluehalbe Ct am tet off pou, 
= Markes of Villa rica. 


pag ; r un the ſignen thereof are certaine high billes ‘ut of to. 
Wu 1 es 1 — the top of thé Aan dn Fa ee 
bir beaten wapes; and thete bie ic JAmpeheatt nnn Southoett ferme c are thes 
n an fou one eps 
Sattar S Vil enya lame an aoe bay para et 
= amen ben brn wil hep spear te vou: and lkewilt if they be che hellen ofS, ain 
pou hil not fn bottorne, but euen at land it ſelle. f 


Markes of Rio de las palmas, and of che riuer of mountains; al. 
led Mo de las moni annas. b 
1 F pou ſpould ch nee to fall wit Mio de las palmas, o bet resi hin 
J with che rmer of Mountaine . it is all a plate lande. 4 ee. or 
twoonie bomocks, an among chen er innert een von «Ning 
Ache fea five : and if pou went bp Laid to ihe rüuer of Fanuco, ps Fag * 
mo uches an openings of plaiasop ſlranus, ohr e alle axe cianꝑ Nizas ff 


4 5 
Rio . ate a 72 
“Tht bentiull fet 
. ces d 


be 
* 

. 

** 


h Kretch to RioHermofo, 3 ‘tovtf 1 
Ade Nen rule cane teva pete Pb hela K * Hy 
Mesico 5 v le, voni d iſt found ; betauſe windes atter current 
by seg 8 a toe tue ? butt pou thouln be 40. league at fea, then this current furt | 


me eo tbe Markes of Ro Hermofa or The beautifull riuer. 
abe Roje to tis a . 
— Rio Hermofo,looking wil ivithin the lind. y 
Inas gh pa ano date evo which axe to chelandward posi ye 17 L 
2 n aa bor et oe thep tri the tant mountaines of Tae 
22 — Nen the riuer ol Panuco chere in no high lun, but all lotve ano tuen wih 
— che fea, awful of palme trees and other trees. 


Markes of the riuer of Panuro. 


(betweene which and the lodeſapde Villa rica llandeth che 

Isdn e of 8 1 78 ay Luer ie Lap “A M4 

ei pe i De. at the out ende of the dazy lo we 5 nas 

00 a low homochk like to 7 — — 1 = 1 * = 8 1 

rot Paras se pga ye 1285 me call Marien: and thie barre hath on it a daham 

. y= ome fon that it linweth not there sano that pa 

te war ann 2.an an pou nerde nat co fap op ibe Ade — ie 

aa pn dro i 222 Las fierras de Tarquia;anb fcb tiich . 
i ip pli wy feake of, which gocth to the mouth o pe ue, wo ane 
ane called S, Luis de Tampice, and from thence to Panuco pou baue 9.leaguts 


The markes of Ii de lobes, or 7 ifte af feates. 


: dem it, and in it isa litle get 
ſmall [Aland nothing fo big un the cd Cel trim 
2 


70e 2. 71 


Playas 02 ſtrande 
maine lande. li 
tome to anker at 
five clole by the p 
and ride in 22. fa 


If vou fall witl 
the lea: and vp 
and Souchwetk 
ctiue a white clit 


F vou chance te 

heede: for the l 
And in the mouth 
ermoſt being bigg 
change white whi 
vpon pour lead; a 
Paul, which are tw 


Ik pou ſhould chy 
mocks, ſome wit 
pou hall haue clay 
hidalgo 02 Punta d 


F you fall with v 
and neere the lam 
ſome places clay oꝛ 
aud bpon the rocks 
leagues (rom land. 
weft and Southeatt 
all finde in zo. fatl 
the ſhauings of free 
thence to S. Iuan de 
ther land, and at anot 
pou thal finde rockie 
we call chis Comed, 


The courſe 
Weſt endo 


Cranes, or The 


the builllings, tf pou f 


‘ton bp the inlide of Th 


founding in the fame o 
finde it lle the thauing 

es periwinkle: 
rockes, then knowe th; 
vou ünde cleane groune 
ping your water, then f 


bout haagth by fume oz 


ES, Manis, 


: 
es cal. 


aines of Tae 
d even wich 


— . 


619 


renn / / — 

The 2. ruttier for the W et Indies. and Diſcoueries. 

i — — — 
Playas 0} ltrandes, and it is incloſed round about With arracifes or foals, and chiefly toward the 
mame lande. And from thence to Cape Roxo 9) The red Cape ate 3, leagues, And if vou will Cabo long 
come to anker at this Iſland to water, for that there ig water init, you may ride on all the South dice ng 
five clole bp the poynt that tre echeth to the Tleltward 2 AND vou map palle by the Catt fine of it, 

and ride in 22. fathom and until pou come to 15. fathoms. all is cleane ground. 


Markes of the riuer of Tufpa, 


F you fall with the riuer of Tuſpa, you muſt beware the woldes which run 5. 0} 6. leagues into 
the lea: and vpon this river of Tut pa within the lande there are high hilles which lie Moꝛtheaſt 
and Soutchweſt and haue their ending vpon the bay of Caſlones: and vpon the riuer you ſhall per⸗ Fe bay ot 

ceiue a White clille, which will haw vnto vou like the caltle of S. Iuan de VIlua. 0 


aſlones. 
Markes of the riuer of S. Peter and S. Paul. 


Ik pou chance to fall with the bay of Caffones , ant upon the nuer of S. Peter and S. Paul, take 

heede: lz the layd bay is a deepe bay, and the hilles of Iuſpa haute their ending vpon this bay. 
And in the mouth of this riuer of d. Peter and S. Paul are two homockes of white land, the TUleit⸗ e 
crmott being bigger then that on the oꝛthealt. And by and by you thal percetue the water to of rabaico, 
change white which cometh out of the riuer, and founding pou fhall finde ſande mixed with clay 1 de 
bpon pour lead; and looke bpon the Cet five, and vou ſhall {ee the Sierras o; mountaines of 5. 
Paul, which are two, and that on the Moꝛth fine ig higher then the other, 


Markes of Almeria, 


15 pou ſhould chance to fall oꝛ come vpon the plames of Almeria it is a lande full of many hoe 
mocks, ſome with cuftes of trees on them, and lome bare with white find, and in 60. fathoms 
Pou thall haue clap 02 oaʒe, and in 30. fathom to the land ward land. And fiom thence to Punta de Punta delgada, 


hidalgo 02 Punta delgada the coatt lyeth J2optheatk and Souchweit, yee ſlendet 


ne places ſtones, 
vou ſhall haue in 
other plates male and ; 


l blacke ſande at 17. lathom two 
And il vou ſe 


uthcaſt, you ſhall be vpon S. 
Hall finde in zo. fathums great ſand e b 


pou thal fin 


we call th 


The courſe from Cabo de Corrientes and Cabo de S. Anton vpon the 
Welt end of cubs, towards Nena Efpanna, within the Iles called Los Als. 


cranes, or The Scorpions, 


lon pe de Corrientes towarde Nueva Efpannaon the inline of The csbo decor 
50, Fp ftir and when pou thinke vou haue ſailed 


ou goe dee⸗ 
then taking 
21. degrees 
ond 


—— — 


~ 5 = 
. = 
2 ** = - 


— 


a | ee ° ; ä — 
f r the Well Fnaies 7 
620 The Engliſn Voyages The a rustier for the West Fndies, The 2.rutt 
˖ all follow your way: and it i 
and . at the molt; and in eng ye 333 po 42 pour vege a an to the bout Hauana it is 
pou ae net, haue gotten lo karte abend as Cape Sifal, and di(couercd the cout of well wihin the lan 
Sa pe ns which coat pech Koſth and South , and pou (hall take vy on pour lead — 7 lunde ano bing pour | 
ef Campeche * 5 eqlatTe-fano, um fometime periwinkles 07 final (hetles ; and by and * Wall gem ſhall you ſoone pert 
- Creat pep nel pou late en (o hal poupafeterveen che tangle ann bt 8 p len M 
nas, 
The courfe betweene the Triangle and 7 — mages 5 te ig : vedas Mu 
depth, firre away entrance therec 
. Wis ye — de ofS, Martin, there art 2. hils ſerttchung Noꝛtheaũ ann when pou are with 
outhwett is greater th ter (ate: and from 
rough of Havana | 
’ ſhall you percciue a 
nu called nae 3 r er hall you bee Nofth and Routh with The Pan op Loate of becaule 4 is 
Nifapar Nute that chele Sierras op Hilles of Sant Martin ate all blacke and full of trecs, an Playas op ſtraudts 
— pir chewe as Villa rica doch: And marke — — ann coalt —.— — fee 
to pow s neither wall y in certaine placcg r 
a -_ ed bern chey theme Unto y ang 0 i t “tok 
„ cate but of that w 
The courfe from Roca partida or I he elbuen rocketo S. iuan de Vilua, b 
udepart from Roca partida m The clouen rocke fo? Sant Juan de Vilua, you mu firs 
＋ leine chwett, and lo wal pou fetch 07 fall with the point of Anton Mitiarco ; any if F pon will (aile 
3 en to Coury vpon The fanken rocks called Cabe cas anegadas,pou (hall baue — — head of The Man 
dun oer laben water am you hall bee but a league from ihe land, and if pou bet a.leaguistton i bead, bso ——— 
‘ : pour felfe as fare. 
the lun, you ſhall haue 34.fathoms sa lua cite ot peti 02 of Flor 
inthe bay of Mexico to opame te The Pan de Mai 
ee 
in . 5 erne 
rT pou depert from S. luan de Vilua to pega _ 15 3 ned pearing 4 it were 
felfe in 25. degrees, cos it is all lowe lan 
4 1 bing pour 2 e gas, until pou haue rhe fuming de Matancas fhail 
to auopde the furie c 
courfe pou ſhall pall 
Markes 
with the fapd Tortugas, He head of Th 
Markes of The Tortugas. ae bath an the top 
ouichance tofall wich The Tortugas,chepare f. m 6.liule Janos of tubite lam, le am nod had rn 
Lethe a, ouing me sshich bah on ieCome Bubs op butbes of seces samoshepeeines, I che coat hai hen 
degrets. yout heigch pou that 
2 
| ; ag J haue ſayt 
i ftir alvap 
tfrom The Tortugas towards Havana wich a frech winde, pou mit Noptheaſt: and b 
| Tagua: and if itbe fate weather and a imal gale of wind, then it 8 you be Catt and aie 
cats rent map not Dat you in, or Cet you too much coche Cedeftboards an if poutel ih 00 50 
2 bee e ee TH 
nowpon eof on the io ’ ; ors 
neere Hauane, at the entring ther afe called El pan 
and there is the round loafe on — £ achter you 
S.Anton 8 N 
Cape: and krom Baya honda oz The deepe de of bl unde N 
„ ulles. wbich they call La Quadrilla de fierras, iwbich is as much to fap, a6 A 2 55 8 court, eben wut» 
fon, together like {ouldiers on aheape ; and moye to the Catward n yout e But if pou paile the 0 
Bi pen de nas. Aud if you fall with Havana, pou (hall fee on the 
ig called El pan de Cabannas. Ano it you hall ir unn g vou thall pale by the 
Lemela de Me in bil called La meza de Marien, The Table of 8 wi pont 1 
ee tothe Ldlellwerde the heape oy bolt chat is called El pan de Cabana bt Bee Mic tay att fer h. 


die h/ / = : 
" The 2.ruttier for the Weft Indies. and Difcoueries, 621 
and Be. ů —— — — — 
A to 15 bout Hauana it is all lowe land euen with the ra, till vou come to Mela de Matien, and then locke 
e toallol wiel wishin the lande, and pou ſhall {ce 2. little round trees like to the teates of womens bꝛeaſts; 
ite lande um bunging pour felfe Noꝛth and South, vou hall be with the harboꝛough of Hauana, and then 
Hl gde m fall you ſoone perctiue the tower that is vpon the clittes of Hauana. 


R 
Marke s of the hauen or port called Puerto de Marien. 


3 Verto de Marien is a harbour that you may enter into without any danger oꝛ feare, but at the 
hils of d. 4 P entrance thereof pou mutt boꝛrom on the Nel five, bp reafon of the rockes and fheiues, and 


che all anp when pou are within, then boꝛrow on the Catt thoare, and leaue che other five, and fo ſhall you en: 

not billig ter lafe: and from this place to Havana is all lowe lande. Note, chat if you ouerpalſe the harbo: ote, 

which rough ol Havana to the Eaſlward, oz if the current hath fet you pat it by meanes ol calmes, then 

gh Lande hall pou perctiue at tull fea vpon the coatt certaine bꝛohen places like the enterances of harbours, 

Lose of becauſe the lande is lowe ; and comming neere the ſhoare pou ſhall {ce in lome places of the coaſt 

trees, any Playas op ſtrandcs of ſande which thew like vnto Chipiona: and looking Ealtward along the fea chiptons a 

rer them, cat, pou ſhall ſce around loafe which is talltd El pon de Matangas: aud alfe pou thall perceiue towne oe 

Die at the in certame places round white beapes of lande calle Barrancas, It you will recouer Havana, go coun ot Ands- 
| along the coatt clofe bp the lande fop the current runneth very ſwift in che chanel, and there is no Ka, 000 

| keare but of that which pou may ſer; for all the coaſt is cleane ground. 

mu ire The courſe from Hauana to Spaine. fignife creeks 

jos aun if If yor will faite tom Hauana to Spaine, you mutt fHirre away ortheatt, tll you tome to the fa 

black fan head of The Martires called La Cabeca de los Martires, I it chance before you come to the ſald any 

u's froin head, that the winde thouty chop vp at J2opeh on pou, then ſtand to che Caſtward, vntill pou bzing Makes, 


pour ſelle as farre ahead as Matancas; then caſt about to the CCiett, to diltouer the lande ol The — 4 

Martires, op ot Florida, that the current may not {et you on The Mimbres : and if by chance you ot mal 

0 Spaine fee The Pan de Matancas at ſul ſea, it hath iheſe markes following. Tt is a round heape o; loafe, ae 
ano high withall, and on the Gietterne fine thereof, appearet arocke ike ote beavot a Coy of For 


toife : and betwerne this Pan and the billes ol Se luco, 


ere will appeare vnto yon a great broken Los Mimbres, 
Nutheat lande, like as it were ſunken places, and vpon the Eat five of this Pan toward Punta de los Puer- ot Pan de ee 
ft ln away cos it is all Lowe lande, ann pou fhall fee no high lande at all: and being ſo fare thot, that this Pan press, 104 
be founding, de Matancas ſhall beave ILeſtnoꝛthweſt aud Douthfoutheak off pou, and being defirous alfo 1 
and Gel to auoxde the ſurie of the current of the chanell of Bahama, ſtir away Mopthnortheatt , and by this uren ehe 
15 = courfe you ſhall patle the chanell, and twin the toaſt of Florida. hand of Bee 
3 Markes of the head of The Martires called Cabeza de los Martires, 


pour {clfe in 24, degrees and , then are pou Eat and al ne. 
if ou fee the coalt beare off pou Nopthe alt and South: 
from the landward right off; and then ftir away 


pou ſhall be Got out of the chanel, and then ſhall 0 
E you be Catt and Celt with Cape deCannaueral, 0) The Cape of Reedes. sali sg 


0 


The courfé to come through the chanel of Bahamahomeward 
for Spams. 


til pou come F in Dinter pouthouty patte the chanell of Bahama fo Spaine, titre aa if: iid 
aa ee Lr 12 (0 Ha you pte Zeer 
yg and lune fiue 


Fff3 Markes 


622 TheEnglifh Voyages The z rustier for the Mell Indie, 


— A et ents w shasta 


Martes to know the Ifle of Fayal. 
De Hand coded Fayal bpon the SDouthiwett fine, maketh an bigb bill op loafe like to he tep 


of Brafilla in the of Tercera ; and be hinde that high Pike og laafe ia an harbour cay) 
Dh Puerto Pini, and upon the Catt fine it maketh alittle plaine Fflano ; and vpon che Month five cher 
Handeth a roche op Alland by it ſelſe. Anm from this Illand being one ot The Acores, pou h, 
fhape pour courſe to which of the Illands pou pleale, o; to any other place which you knew. 
Markes to know the I{le of Flores. 

F pou happen to fall with Flores firtt,bp this pou hall know it: the J land lyeth J2opthead a 
II 2 maketh a rocke op clifte like the cliffc of 1 — 
and comming nere the lande, you (hall fee two little Iſlands ncere the point of ihe lande; ahn 
the Mopthwarn of this cliffe m rocke a little from the land you may ride and water; and bela 
chat and the villa vdu may liktwiſe ride aud water: and you ſhall ee the water un 
into che len in er * uoke on. 

— Paffaje a — . 0 . 
none Novy followeth the courſe and direction to ſaile from Pas 
I on che Northeaft part of S. Juan de Puerto rico, vnto Hauana, by the North 
. fide of the Iſle of fi amola, and by The oldchanell, 
8 Cape T pouvepart fiom S do co to ſteke Cabo del Enganno, poy 
1 E tree awap Trien e cu, aud io ſhall p uu fee a cound beape 5 loafe 745 
KF) twhich lieth on the Bouthwelt fine of the gulfe of Semana; and from thencr ute 
Las Ouejan, Hoy guimeth about the hill of the Cape del Enganno , ¢ this is the mouth of the gul. 
SED KS And if it (houly be ncere night when poutee this lande, tic away North wy) 
afinallfaple , becauſe of certaine rocken called Las Ouejas , 0) The Sheepe : AND in the mong 
caſt about co fee the land to the Southweltward; and il when pou fee the land, it fecmeth onto yoy 
aſmall iſland at full fea like aroun mountaine , then is it The cape del Enganno ; add {rom 
thence ftir away Melt and bp jRopth toward Cabo Franco. 
Cabo France. Markes of Cabo Franco, 


ae Franco te «lot Cape carn with the ſea, and bath theſe marken 
Ano from hence tit away CAleſt, and pou ſball ce an high mountatne, and on the top ther 
BiPuenode à cloubie homock like the top ot a hat. an at the foote of this hill is the hauen op harbour called El 
2 puetto de plata, And if pou will gue tito this port, you muſt leaue and on the Wick tne, 
and then take bene of that which you ſee, and bonow on the caſtles fine, And from thence to got 
pe Tortugas With the olde chanell, pou mutt ſttrre away orthwelt, vntill pou come out of fight of lande, ann 
—- then it away FMN et and by North, aud fo (hall pou goe with che lande of Baracos, wn hett are 
ye dds ot billes very hiſch, which make the teats which looke like z. crowues. And pou {hall palle vetweene 
0. the Ille of Tortugas o) Hinagua, and the Aland of laico; and from thence run alongt the coul 
Hoptheatt and Douthwelk; and hauing doubled the out high hill oz mountaine, pouthalllee 
in the midſt thereof a round hill, and vpon the Spourhweit lde by the fea pou thall {ee a lowe 
Ce tuen lame foure op fine leagues lou g. and a lowe po int, and this point of the hill is called Las fer. 
CayoRomano, de Cabanca; aum then heginnech the be» of Cayo Romano: and ahead the fierras you ſhall ee 
S a tounde loaft ch is tr ge midſt of “oe fame bay , and ahead of that pou (hall fre a hl lat on 
aan the top like a tat ‘ive op leuen leagues, u hich hill is not very high, and from theſt cg w C yo 
Fe. Romano pou haue ſiue and thirtit leagues , and you mutt ſtirre the one halfe of the courle Nah. 
e sug, welt. and the other hefe Noth wet and by leit. and fo Chall pou make on fee the ay Cayo ko 
mano bye che la. of fine of pou, that from Cayo Rome no to Cabo de Cruz poubaue 

ther leagues, ane they lie orth and South one from another. 


Stine Mark: me) | Cayo Romano, 
Haan (Ayo Romano is an high it anv J 9 opeheatt and South, anv teewrethit fe 


as it were 4. leagues: nd ton 8 Noꝛtheaſt a S e . maketh a aft on round 
beapt op homock; in the midſt che dleg, as wee terme them, n low partitions, the 
one on the one fine, and the other nge other de: and comming teerh tt Horch and South, ttm 
keth all one lowe ſrnd oz ſaddie in the mitt. And i night word come on pou at this Cayo Ko- 


mano 


— — 


her. rut 
— 
mano, ente t no 
and South wi 
cetue a heath, v 
pour fopeſaile a 
chanell, and leut 
the Parcel, and 
and if pou g ne n 
full of trees, wi 
aue from anotly 
well; but if it be 
to fee the Parce 
Southweilwar 
and fo ſhall pou 
thertabout. Am 
Northenſt and b; 
weſt is finaller, 
abanke of white 
that ſecmech like 
from the Cape g 
lying Moytheatt. 
pou ſhall be in the 
Cayo Romano. 
ſhewe to be chꝛee 
are called Las Si 
len Cayo de Nic 
lapde flatte chert 
Padte. 


Ruz del Pad 
eatt becaule c 
Bay of Caos, whi 
to goe with the yp 


He hilles of 
Ius euent alf 
tancas, and in the 
eaxeth a round 
Ataug will be, 


! 


His janis a 
South with 
1 ande as it wer 


1 as, and fhe 
aduile pou to got 
fiue fathomes, 5 

Alo you muſt 
gas, and the Marr 
cauſe one to gee to 
Sareed mt 
eis err az ninterr 
courſe. Ann feare y. 
fand in pour founbin 
toppe ſhall fee them 


Pede. 


Ke (0 the ty 
rbour cad 
ath fide chat 
PS, VOU Nigp 
kuch, 


op thead any 
Of Tiburoy; 
nde; and to 
NO bellt 
he water ry 


Ulaſ five, 
pence to got 
lande, and 
mn here are 
e etwerne 
itt che coatt 
vou {hall fee 
[fee a lowe 
ep Las fier. 
pou tall fee 
a hillflat on 
ies toCayo 
urſe Noth 
| Cayo ko- 
uz pou pane 


heth it fetfe 
afe on round 
nitions , the 
outly, tf te 
Cayo Ro- 

mano 


and South wich Caye Romano, and it is called CayodelaCruz: and at iull fea pou ſhall piſ 
cetue a heath, which this Cayo hach in the mitt of it, which is like to afatle;but al night beare but 
pour fopelaite a glaite one way and another glaſſe the other way vntill it be day, and then enter the 
chanel. and leuue iheſe Cay os, on the larbourd fine of vou. Mote, that if you bee within fight of 
the artet, and let two litle Zflands of wh. “ond, chat then you are on the cantell of the Warcel: 
and if pou woe marcabead craſttug the Part bout fifteene lea gues, vou {hall fee thee J lands 


full of trees, which are called Las Anguillas . all thele chee J lands beare FAO and Vpouth Las Ages 


due fromanother. Item from Cayo de Cruz co Hauana, if it be bp dap, tir away Wiett Noꝛth 
welt; but il it be by night, then Mic a point moze to the ¶Neltward : and if in this courſe you chance 


to (ee the Parcel, feare not; for in the lowel watt t ther e are lire falhomes then catt about to the nother cee 


Douthwellward co get out about two glaſſi s, und then fir away CCcitnopihwweſt vniill it be day 


and fo thall pou goe by the Cayos : and in this courſe pou mutt keepe twentie foure leagues oz Kc. 


thertabout. And from aa Cayo de Cruz fire 2 2 om on the 
Joptheatk and by Month, which is great and white, and all cucn; But on outh · 
we is nat, anv spon the ü poarete add 0} buth which theweth like a laile: allo there ig 
abanke of white fand along by the lea · ſide, which in the middeſt thereof maketh a cliff full ol ceca 
that fecinieib like a fadie : and vpon the SAonbeatt five (fo, on this maner the coat lpeth along 
from the Cape going by the chanell pou thal {ee certaine hilles cightecne oy twentie leagues long 


Iping Moytheat and South welt being all ſabdle- like: and bzinging the popnt Southwelk off pou, #1 pe de 


pou (hall be in the middeſt of the chancll : and from thente pou haue ag fare to Matancas ag to f. 


Cayo Romano, Ltkewife from thence on the five of Heuana pou ſhall fee tertaine billes which 1. Lee 
ſbewe to be chꝛer ana ly Nezthealt and Southwest, and chat on the Bouthweſt is bighett : they co" 


are called Las Sierras de Guana: and Moꝛth and South from them lyeth a flat, which is cal: 


len Cayo de Nicola, which firetchen out two leagues into che Dea, and in the middle of the Crox del Padre, 


lapde flatte chere is alittle Alland of white lud: and from thence pou muſt ſaple to Cruz del 
Padte. } 4 
Marke. of Cruz del Padre. 


Ruz del Padre ig all booken in pieces : and from thence pou mutt ftir La Baiade’ 
C A becaute of de Day thts ale te Bey of Conta tia Bey heehee ae 
Ce orehwelk e Ceyos, 


eaft becaule of the Bay that is there; t 
Bay of Caos which is within 20 leagues of the ſayd point: ann then fir away 
to goe wich the Wont of Matang as, and with the hill g of Camoniaca. 


Markes of the hilles ol camoniace. 


Toba, of Camoniacalp Month wett and Oouthealt, anv the S ourheatt Ide is lowe land o. Camotoquen, 


aud cuens alſo vpon the JAopeheatt five it is tuen land, and numeth towards the Bap ol Ma- 

gas, and in the middle of theſe hilles there is on high hill, and vpan the Noꝛtheaſt five there 

peaveth a round heape : and it pou ſce this hill at Melt Southwell, the Pan o/ dum heapeof 
“ocangos will beare off you e Aeli and by Mouth. 


Markes of the round hill called E pan de Matamcas. 


{is Panis a row heape Handing on alowe land: and if pou pour felfe orth and 
Douth with it, it will make you two fanbles; and on the C Neſt tbe maketh « great pars 
Ly agit were finking with the ſen. Note chat whereſocuer pou ſhall goe to ſeeke the 
<a as, and {hall 9 the ac and finde it beave off pou . It vn St ny 
ſe pou to goe e cad to the houthwellward: pou may no oeepen vi > 
fue fathomes, fpf puboe pou alice you eter ge 257 
Allo pou muſt note, that if bp chance pou finde pour {lfc thotte betinerie the Tortu- More. 
Bas, aud the Marryres, and that pou cannot on the out-five of the ayde Torcugas, then 
cauſe one to goe te che top, totee if pou can them; and if you cannot {ee them, ti awap 
Southwett until pou ee ibem; and hauing gotten light of them, founne, ann you all Sune 
Seen nintecne faijoimes; and ſu Molin Hit amay South and by ett, and goe bp his 
route, Gav feare pounat the cherung. Co you thall mecte with 1a fathoms, and thall haue blacke 
fant in your founding. And going neerer to the ende of the {aid Tortugas (for bee that is on the 
toppe (ball fee them all) ag pou palce sp, you (hall ine bus eighefachomes, and tony ound, and 
that 


Lhe2.ruttier for the Weft Indies. Traffiques, & Dic ueries.6 23 


mano, cute: not the chanell, becaule in the mid way is an J lle, flac, op Cayo, which Ipeth saonth N 


624. TheEnglith Voyages, The 2.rustier of the Weft yndie, 


caitond tron ee Lee of a that 
4% ding fap fen fat by 


no leſle chen eight fachomec water: and being patt che Cato buſtung but aminion (hot, you thal lool 


An aduertizment. 


| hall peſſe this courfe, of ortagas 
— — —4 to IN * 3. 
cauſt the 3 map not let pou off: and il wich a fret) wunde anv North erty, chen fe y 


Here follow the latitudes of the headlandes, Capes 


and Iflands, as well of Ar, The Canaries, Degree 
Indses,as of the — Clete — 70 [Peery 


e illand called " verto ſanto ſtandeth in 
T eben Madera ftanpeth in . 
Che ifle Saluaja in 
iflcof Alagranca in * 
ille Fuerte ventura in 
a, 
“eof Palma, and called Punta de Naga in Tenerif in 
The ille ol Gomera in Er . 17! 
The latitudes of the Iflands of che Vf Indies [erer 
: latunde, 
The illand of Fonceca Lanveth in ' 
Theile Tabsgot , n 
rn. Noth a 1 
rini fine in 
Che ifle of Granata " 7 
The ifle of Sant Vincent in 
The ille ol ſanta Lucla in 
The ille of Dominica in I 
The ille of Matalina o Martinino in ö 
The ille ol Marigalance in . 1 
Che ile of Deſeada in i a 
The ille of Monſerate in aie 
The ile called La Antigua in I 
oo La Baruada in N 


Che ille Ane gada in 

Che tile called La ifla de Avez in 
The ifles callev Las Virgines in He 3° 
The ille of Santa Cruz 1 


aol Du che Norch fide in 4 
— — : 
he point — * 

882 Punta de Nicaoneere 8 80 in Hifpaniols in 


ille 
point of Bacao on the Mouth five o Hifpaniols in 
Tiburon bpon the Welt part of fliſpanlola, and the ille of Nauaza in 


— — 
The 2. ruttic 
—— 
Che iſle ol lama ic 


= ile of Pinos t 
de Corriente 
Cabo de fant Ant 


Villa tica ſtandeth 

Sant, Iuan de Vil 

From fant Tuan de 
ſmall illes 


Che 
Che * ile of lohn 


Che ifle of Flores 
Che iſle of Cueru 
Che ifle of Fayal t 
Che iſle ol Pico a 


Cape ſant Vincen 
The Rocke in 
The Burlings in 
Bayona in 
Cape Finiftes in 
f 
antin vpot 
Rio del oro, 03 
Cabo de Barbas i 


Cabo blanco, or 


ee illes of Sant / 


The 2.ruttier — the Weft Indies. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 625 


She illes of Sant Anton, Sant Vincent: Santa Lucia, an Sant Nicolas Senn all in 


Che ille of lamaica onde — — ty : 7 : 
Crus on fine of Cuba in . 
* Crocodiles South ol Cuba, in 2 
abe ies callco Los lardin=s @outh of Cuba m — 
Che ifle of Pinos in 11 
Cape de Corrientes — ek of Cuba in art 
22 fant Anton the molt — 28 
Che litle ies called * „ Scorpions, in a3 
Che illes called Ni 231 
. the maine of Nueus E ſpanna, in 22 
Che Cape of lucatan callen Cabo de Cotoche in or 
Ce (fland called Iſla de Rana: in at I loge, 
The latitudes of certaine places vpon the on of 
Nuena and ol diuers other places lying in the way Degrees 
—— P 6 latunde. 
Villa rica ſtandeth in ig! 
Sant, Iuan de Vilua in 18 
Ftom (ant Tuan de Vilua ſayling to che Tortugas pou mutt found in 27 1 
Che ſmall final ifles called Las Tortu as ſtand in 25 
= of Hauana byon the NRonthwell part of Cuba in 33; 
of che Martyrs lying befope the Cape of Florida in 25 
e ro 
ama : 
he ape de Cerner pon eco sda 25 
Che Alle of Bermuda in 33 
A. ile oftoha Luis Toba Alvarex tm 47; Seen 
for bem 
The latitudes of the Ifles of the Acores. Er * 
tn 
Che ifle of Flores ſtandeth in 39: 
er 40 
The ifle of Fayal in 38; 
Che (fle of Pico and the ifle of fant George both in 38; 
Che fle of Tercera in 39 
The ille of Gracioſa in 291 
Chr ille ol ſanta Maria in 37 
ape ane Vincent Yen coat oSpin — 
ape fant Vincent bpon 37 
Che Nocke in 39 
The Burlings in 4° 
Bayona in 43 2 
Cape Finifte: in 435 
The enterance of the treights of Gibraltar is in 36 
Cape Cantin vpon che coat of Babarie in 33: 
the coaft of Barbarie in 27" large, 
Rua del oro, 0 Che riuer of Solo, in 233 
de Barbas in 23 
Cabo blanco, ot the white Cape in 20 
The latitude of the i/les of Cobo verde: 


626 The Engliſn Voyages, The . ruttier of the Wef F dies, 
—— {Seepage 


The latitudes of diuers Iſlands, Capes, and other places, 


fromthe Iſle of Qtargarita vpon the coaſt of Cumang Weſt⸗ | Degreesaf 

ward along the coaftot 7 lerra Firma, latin 
The iſles of Aruba, Curaę ao, and Bulnaro ſtand all in 11 
The iſle of Margarita in 1 
The iſlandes called Los Teſſigos in 1. 
The coatt of Baya Honda to Cape de la Vela lyeth Catt and Iuleſt in 16 
Cape del Aguja ili 111 
The rockes of Serrana in ' 4 
The Roncador in : 13! 
The iſ e of Santa Catelina in 151 
The iſle ol Sant Andrew in 11 
The Seranilla in 1s! 
The ille of Centanilla o2 Santanilla in 17 
Cape Camaron on the maine, South of the enterante ol the Honduras 16 
Ganaba in i 161 
Genaza in { 


Here followeth a declaration of the longitudes, or 
Weſtern and Eaftern diftances, from Spaine to Newe Spaine 
in America, and from thence backe againe to Spain. Leagues, 


From Sal Medina vpon the Coaſt Andaluzia till you bing pour felfe Noꝛth and S 
Cape Cantin vpon the Coatt of Bart ary ng ach and South nh 


8 
From Sal Medina to the illand of Gran Canaria 5 
From the Gran Canaria to Deſeada 850 
From Defeada ta Monferate 20 
From Monſerate to ſanta Cruz 58 
From ſanta Cruz to Cape Roxo the Vouthwel Cape of ſant Iuan de Puerto Rico $5 
From Cape Roxo to Saona, 25 
From Saom to fant Domingo 25 
From fant Domingo to Ocoa 18 
From Ocoato Beata 20 
From Beata to the ille Baque 3 
From the ifle Baque tu Nauaza 3 
From Nauaza to ſant Tago of Cuba 32 
From fant Iago of Cuba to Cabo de Cruz 34 
From Cabo de Cruz to the fir Cayman 4° 
Ftom the ſirſt Cayman to the middle Cayman 6 
From the middle Cayman to the great ayman 12 


From the great Cayman to the iſle of Pinos, 48 
From Cabo de Cruz to the ifle of Pinos by the loꝛſaid courſe 106 
From the ifle of Pinos to Cabo dz Corrientes 


19 

From Cabo de Corrientes to Cabo de ant Anton 20 

* sg from Cabo ¶ From Cabo de fant Anton ta the Nigrillos 106 
ai ut tori ‘ 

In Mi bythe 1 Nigrillos, vntill pou hing pour felfe Noꝛth and Douth with the 

ee aun bete Vermja to Villa Rica 96 

cranes, (From Villa rica to Sant Iuan de Vilua 12 


he courfe from Cabo From Cabo de Corrientes ta the lirſt 
Juan de Vilea on the 


Corriente to fant , founding 45 
: “ete From the fir founding till pou come fo karte abe as che fan ce 30a de Ra 


inſ ide or South of the? nas 1 
Alatrants, Freun Iſla de Ranas buts 


The 


Sir Walter 


The los 

to Sf 

From Saint lua 
From the Tortu; 
From Havana te 
From the head of 
From the Mimb: 
From the head of 
From Cabo de 
From Bermuda 
From the Wile of 
From Flores to! 
From Payal to T. 
From Tercera to 
From Saint Mx 
From Tercera to 
From Cape W. 
From Cabo def 


THE DI 
and Beautif 
golden Citie o 
of Emer ta, 
Perfo 


Admirals 


oyllknighe, 


they tnd afi 
their account; fec 
me, fhall neede a 
when I was left o 
fed (knowing wh 
ned enemies )to a 
my more happy ti 
out in the darkeft | 
fortune, fored not 
I thal euer acknov 
atime but confeſſe 
grieuous effects, & 
any part of offence 
dead ſtocke onely 
uels, fitter for bod 
des oſbetter lneau 
tion of exceſſe, & t 
way te win, l hac 
What farther mean 


— 
Fndies, 
— 


Degrees 
2 5 


7 


Sir Walter Ralegh. Traffiques, & Difcoueries, 
The longitudes from New Spaine, backe againe be 


to Spaine „ . 4 ry 
From Laine luan de Vilua to the Tortugas. 825 
From the Tortugas to Hauana. 36 
From Havana to the head ol the Martyrs: 36 
From the hend of the Martyts to the Mimbres, 30 
From the Mimbres to Bahama ae 
From the hend of the Martyrs to Cabo de Cannaueral. 62 
From Cabo de Cannauerall to Bermuda. 350 
From Bermuda to the Iſle of lohn Luis m John Aluarez 320 
From the Ille of lohn Luis dq Aluarez to Flores, 300 
From Flores to Fayal, 28 
From Payal to Tergera. 28 
From Tercera to Michael. 28 
From Saint Michael to Cape Saint Vincent. 218 
From Tercera to Cape Vincent. 256 
From Cape . Vincent to Cabo de ſanta Maria hyeu the coaſt of Algarbe, 22 


From Cabo de ſanta Maria to Sal Medina in Andaluzla. 


THE DISCOVERIE OF THE LARGE, RICH 
and Beautifull Empire of Cuiana, with a relation of the great and 
golden Citie of Atanss (which the Spaniards call E/ Dorade) and the Prouinces 

of Emeria, eAromaia, Amapaia,and other Countries, with their tiuers adioyning. 

Performed in the yeere 7795 by Sir Halter Ralegh Knight, Captaine 
of her Maiefties Guard, Lorde Warden ofthe Stanneries, 
and her Highnefle Leiutenant general! of the 
Countie of Corne-wall, 


To the right Honourable my fingulargood Lord and kinſman 
Charles Howard, Knight of the Garter, Baron and Counceller, and of the 
Admirals of England the moſt renowmed : and to the right Honourable Sir Robert Ce- 
ey knight,Counceller in her Highneffe Priuie Councels, 

Or your Honours many Honourable and friendly partes, I haue hitherto onely 

returned erer now for an(were of both your aduentures, I haue ſent yous 

bundle of papers, which I haue deuided betwen your Lordfhip, and Sir Robert Ce- 

eyllin theſe two refpedts chietiy : Firſt for that it is reaſon, that waftful factors, when 

they haue confined fuch ſtoc kes as chey had in truſt, doe yeeld fome colour for the fame in 
their account; fecondly for that I sm aflured, that whatfocuer ſhall bee done, or written by 
me, fhall neede a double protection and defence. The. triall that L had of both your loues, 
when I was left ofall but of malice and reuenge, makes me ſtill prefume,that youwil be pleas 
fed (knowing what litle power I had to performe ought,and the great aduantage of fore war- 
ned enemies )to anſwer that out oſ knowledge, which others thal but obie& out oſmalice. In 
my more happy times as I did eſpeclally Hon. you both, fo I found that your loues fought mee 
out in the darkeft fhadow of aduerfitie, andthe fame affection which accompanied my bettet 
fortune, fored not away from me in my many miferies: al which chough I can not tequite, yet 
Ifhal euer acknowledge:& the great debt which I haue no power to pay, can donoraore for 
atime but confefle to be due. It is true ibat as my errors w:te — ey haue yeelded very 
grieuous effects, & if ought might haue bene deſerued in former times to haue counterpoyfed 
any part of offences she Wah theveoflas it (cemeth)was long before fallen from the tree, & the 
locke onely temained. did therefore euen in the winter of my life, vndertake thefe trae 

uels, fitter for bodies leffe blafted with miſ· ſortunes, for men of greater abilitie, and for min- 
des oſbeiter incouragement, that thereby, ifit were poffible, I might recouer but the moderas 
tion of exceffe, & the leaſt caft of the greateſt plenty formerly po If Thad knowen othet 
way to wn! hed imagined how gr ser usar mig haus regained, ifi could cõce 
What farther meanes I might yet v Eber euen to appeate fo powrefu! diſpleaſure, I would not 
doubt but for one yeere more to hold faſt my foule in my teeth, till it were performed, Ofthat 
litle remaine I had, J haue waRedin effect all herein. Raus yndergone many 2 


* 


TheEnglith Voyages, &c. Sir Valter Ralegh, 


Ihaue bene accompanyed with many forrowes, with labour, hunger, heat, ſickent s, & perillalt 
appeaseth notwithitanding that I made no othet brauado of going to the ſea, ben was ment, 
and that I was neuer hidden in Cormewall,or els where, as was ſuppoſed. They haue gioſſy be. 
lied me, that foreiudged, that I would rather become a feruant to the Spal. king, then je. 
turne, and the teſt were much miftaken, who would haue perfwaded, that I was too cafefull 
and ſenſuall to vndertake a iourney of fo great trauell. But, if what I haue done, receiue ile 
the gracious conſtruction of a painefull pilgrimage, and purchafe the leaſt remiffion, | (hai! 
thinke all coo litle, & that there were wanting to the reft many miſeries. But if both the tines 
paſt, the preſent, and what may be in the future, doe all by one graine of pall continue in tere 
nall diftaft; I doe not then know whether I ſhould bewaile my felfe, either for my too much 
trauell and expence, ot condemne my ſelfe for doing leſſe then that, which can deferue no- 
thing. From my ſelfe l haue deſerued nothankes,tor I am tetutned a begger, and withered, 
but that Imight haue bettred my poore eſtate it fhall Hl by the following difcourle, if] 
had not onely reſpected her Maiefties future Honour, andriches, It became not the former for. 
tune in which I once liued, to goe iourneys ofpicory, it lad ſorted ill with the offices of Ho. 
nour, which by her Maieſſies grace I hold this day in Emg/and, to run from Cape to c ape, and 
from place to place, for the pillage of ordinaties prizes, Many yeeres fince, Ihad knowledge 
b 2 that mighty, tich and beautifull Empier of Gaiana, and oſthat great and golden 
ie which the Spaniards call & / Dorado, and the natur als Manca which Citie was conque. 
req; reechſied, and inlarged by a yonger fonne of Gussmacapa Emperour of Pern, ut ſuch time 
as Franci(ce Picarre and others conquered the faid Empire, from his two elder brethié, Cu 
ear,and¢Atabalipa, both then contending for the ſame, the one being fauoured by the Ores 
wes of Cocco, the other by the people of Caxamalca, I fent my feruant laceb Whidden the yere 
before,to get knowledge of the paſſages, and I had fomelight from Captaine Parker, fome. 
time my feruant,and nowe attending on your Lordthip, that ſuch a place there was to the 
Southward of the great Bay of (harmas,or Guanipa : but I found that it was 600 miles farther 
off then they fuppofed,and many other impediments to them vnknowen and vnheard, Alter 
Thad diſplanted Dow Antomo de Berres, u ho was vpon the fame V ee my thips 
at Trinidad ot the Port called Cariapan i wandred 400 miles into the faid countrey by lande 
and nuer: the particulars I will leaue to the following diſcoutſe. The countrey hath more 
quantity of gold by manifolde,then the beft parte: the Indies, or Pers: All the mofof the 
kings are already become her Maiefiies vaſſals: and feeme to defire nothing 
more then her Maieſties prote@ion and the teturne of the Englith nation. It hath another 
ground and affurance of riches and glory, then the voyages of the Weft Indies, an calicr way 
to inuade the beft parts thereof, thenby thecommen courfe, The king of Spaine is not ſo ime 
poueriſhed, by taking three or foure Port town. . in America, as wee ſuppoſe, neither are the 
riches of Perm, or Naena E p anna fo left by the fea ſide, as it can bee cafily waſht away with a 
great flood, or ſpringtide, or left pe BLA the fandes on alowe ebbe, The Port tones are 
fewe and poore in reſpect ofthe reſt within the lande, and are of litle defence, and are one! 
rich, when the Fleets are to teceiue the treaſure for Spaine : and we might thinke the Spaniar 
very ſimple, hauing fo many horfes and flaues, if they could not vpon two deyes warning 
cary all the golde they haue into the land, and fatre enough from the reach of our foote-men, 
eſpecially the indes being (as they are forthe moſt part) ſo mountanous, fo full of woodes, 
riuers,and marifhes. In the Port townes of the Prouince of Uenecnela, as Cumana, Core and 
S./ago (whereof Core and S,/age were allen by Captaine Preffon, and Cana and 8. lofipho 
by vs) we found not the value of oneriall of plate in either: but the Cities of B arquajmers, 
Valencia, S,Sebaftian,Corero, S. Lucia, Laguna, Maracaiba,and Traxillo,are not ſo calely in- 
uadedmeither doeth the burning of thofe on the coaftimpouerith the king of. Spaine any one 
ducat : and if we facke the tiuer of ¶acba, S. Marta,and Cart ena, Which are the Portes of 
Nuno repno, ind Popayam, there are befides within the land, which are indeed riche andpo- 
pulous,the cownes and Cities of Aderida, Lagrita,S,Chriflephero,the great Cities of Pampion, 
S. Fe de Bogota, Tian and Moxe where the Efmercids are found,the townes and Cities of 
Marequita Velex, laVillade Lena, Palma,Unda,eAngufura,she great eltie of Timans, Tocas- 
ma S, Aguila Pafte,Juago, the grea, C itie of Popaian it felfe, Los Remedios, and the teſt. If we 
take the Ports and villages within the Bay of Vrabain the kinodom orrinere of Dariene and 
Cartbana,the Cities and townes of S faam de Reydas, of Gaffaris,of e Anſioc hu, Caramanta, Cal, 
and Ay(rrma haue gold enough to pay the kings pat, and are not eafily inuaded by the way 
of che Ocnau ot if Nombre de Dies on Panama he taken in the Prouince ofCaffilia ames 
0 


Sir Walter 


the villages vp6tl 
cities of Q wito & 2 
the reſſ, it would ſ 
treatiſe ofthe Hef 
haue anatomized 
ylands,as thoſe of 
iudgementcan cõ 
mans longing,ab 
pleaſe her highne 
ſame: if it be left t 
tions be deſpiſed, 
my humble defire 


hblighnes future ho: 


ofthe country 
en rather to be 
andshe chances th 


uhecher it pleafed 
flow the ſame: l wi 


humbly pray that 
— 


| that you will be ple 


euer remaine ready 


= anfwer a 
we abode at the yla 
we ancored, there v 
thereunto periwad 


g imbark fome quant 


thould bring a one 
them at their return 
uers, truſting more 
tried therof ſince in 
rocks, moũtams, al ( 
and feem maruelou: 
nerals, but are no ot! 
of gold, or as it is fai 
brought alfo into & 


F own part. I did not e 


ill ſhould haue deni 
gold mult be ſoũd eit 
or els in a kind ofhat 
dty places, but had ne 
nuers I found of the! 
tobreake by al chem 


gold, but finding no: 


cuit of the ſaid rocke, 
ofan axe,we got out 
gendted) we faw diu 


here haue bin made t 
ug in rect, anc 
vas afterward tried b; 

l. a tune. There was 
xl in poldimiths hal 
ſume perfons a trial mi 


alegh Sir Walter Ralegh. Traffiques & Difeoueries, 


Be perillsis the villages vp6 the riuers of Cena & Chagreʒ peru hath befides thofe & beſide 
was ment, cities of . Lina ſo many ylands, ports, cities, and mines, as if! thould w oa 
gioſly be. e reſſ, it would ſeem incredible to the readet:of all which, becauſe I haue writ 
» then je. treatiſe ofthe Weft Jndees, I wil omitthe repetition at this time, feeing that in the ſaid trestiſe l 
20 eafefull haue anatomized the reſt of the ſea- townes aſwel of Micaragus, ſucatan, Vucaa & 
eceiue ile ylands,asthofe of the Inland, & by what meanes they may be beſt inuaded,as far as any meane 
on, | fhall iudgementcan cõptehend. But I it thal appeare that there is a way found to aniu er euer 
b the times mans longing,a better Indios for her Maieſtie then the King of Spaine hath any:which if it {hal 
ue in eter, pleafe her highnes to vndertake, thal moft willingly end the reft of my daies in folowing the 
too much famesifit be left to che ſpoile & ſackage of cõmon perfons,if the loue & ſeruice of fo many na. 
ferue no. tions be deſpiſed, ſo great riches,& fo mighty an empire refuſed. hope her maieſty wil vet tale 
Withered, my humble defire and my labor therin in gracious part, vhich, ifit had not bin in reſpect ofher 
ourle, if] highnes future honor & riches,could haue laid hands on & ranfomed many ofthe kings & Ca. 
armer for. figui ofthe country, de haue had a reaſonable proportion of gold fot theit redemptiõ: but haue 
es of Ho. chofen rather to beare the burden of pouerty, then reproch, & rather to endure a fecond trauel 
Cape, and nnd the chances therof, then to haue defaced an entetptiſe of fo great aſſurance, vntill I knew 
nowledge Vvhethet it pleafed God to put adifpofitié in her princely & — si either to folow or fore. 
nd golden b flow the ſame: l wil therefore leaue it to his ordinance i hath only power in all things,& do 
s conque. bumbly pray that your honors wil excuſe ſuch errors as without the defence of art,ouerrun in 
ſuch time euery part ol the ſolowing diſeourſe, in which I haue neither ftudied phrafe,forme nor foſnion, 
he, C that you will be pleaſed to efteeme mee as your owne (though ouer dearly bought) and I ſhall 
1 Orejns euer remaine ready to do you all honour and ſeruice. . R 

the yere 

er, fae 9 Tothe Reader 0 

as 10 be eR RN Ecaufe there haue bin diuers opiniés cöceiued of the 

les knen Ou for j an Alderman of London & an officer of her 

rd. After Ib cberche ſame is of noprice, l 

3 my thips pete anfwer aſwel tothe ſaid m 

by lande 

ath more 

roftof the 

; nothing 

» another 

aſier way 

ot ſo im 

er ate the 

y with a 

nes are n 

ue es | rale, but are no other then E/ madre deloro(as the § 

Spaniar of gold, or as itis faid by others the ſcum of gold:ofdi 

warning brought alfo into Englad,eucry one raking fairelt fo 

ote-men, own part I did not cotirermaad any mans defire, 

‘woodes, iff ſhould haue denied them th 

Cora and i 

5. Lofiho 

wafer, 

safely in · 

j any one 

Portes of 

andpo - a 

Pampion, | ofan exe ve g 

e eh we 

1 * 8 affaid by M. uſtnvod a refiner dwel- 

Ifwe 


7000.pounds a tunne. Another fore 


Jove and 


ack Affay~imaiter,& theid after the rate of 23000 


uta, Cali, 7 N t fie againe tiꝭed by N. Palmer comptroller ofthe Mint, and M. D. 
the way in goldimniths hal & it held after a6goc Jia tun There was alſu at the fame time, & by the 
lers, and ame perfons a trial made of the duſt of tue faid mine which held 8,li,6,ounces weight ef gold 

the in 


Ggg 


tena particular Mtreatieor — 


“Gyo The Englidh Voyages, Nauigations,Sir Walter Reli 
OO — —u—-—-— —— äDPe 


in the 1 oonhere was likewile at the fame time atriall ofan image of copper made in C 
which held a third part of gold, befides divers trials made inthe coũtrey, & by others in Lada 
But becaufe there came ill with the good, d belike the faid Alderman was not prefented wich 
the beft, it hath pleafed him therefore to {candall all the reft, and to deſace the enterprize u 
much as in him lieth.Ic hath alfo bene concluded by divers, that it there had bin any ſuch cut 
in Gaiana,and the fame diſocuered, that I would haue brought home a greater quantitiethere. 
oft firft I was not bound to ſatisfie any man of the quantitie but fuch onely as aduentured,if;. 
ftore had bin returned thereof: but it is very crue that had al their mountaines bene of mal. 
fi gold, it was — for vs to haue made any longer ftay to haue wrought the fame:and 
whofoeuer hath feene with whet ftrength of ftone the beſt gold oare is inuironed,hee willact 
thinke it eafie to be had out in heapes, andefpecially by vs, x ho had neither men, inftrumeng, 
not time (as it is faid before) to ethe fame. There were on this difcouery no leſſe bei 
x com who can all w , that when we paft any branch of the riuer to view the and 
within,and ftaied from our boats but 6.houres,wee were driven to wade to the eyes,at ours. 
curne: and if wee attempted the ſame, ihe day following it was impoffible either to ford it tu 
{wim it hoch by reaſon of the {wiftneffe, and alfo for that the borders were fo peſtred with ul 
woods,as neither boat not man could find place, either to land or to imbarke : for in Iune,luly, 
Auguſt and September, it is impoffible to nauigate any of thofe riuers: for fuchis the furyof 
the current, and there are fo many trees and woods ouerflowne, as if any boat but touch pen 
any tree or ftake,it is impoffible to faue any one perfon therein :and yer we departed theland 
it range with ſuch ſwiftnes, as wee dime downe moſt commonly againft che wind, linlelefe 
then 100. miles a day: Befides our veſſels were no other then whities, one little barge,a imal 
cockbosr, and a bad Galiota, which we framed in haft tor that purpoſe at Trinidad, and thole 
little boats had . ot 10. men a piece wich al! their victuals, and armes. It is further tue bet ne 
were about 400. miles from our ſhips, and had bene a moneth fiom them, v hic h alſo ne leg 
weakly manned in an open road. and had promiſed our retutne in i 5 dayes. Othen laue de · 
uiſed that the fame oare was had from Barbary, and that we caried it with vs into e- 
ly che fia ie of chat deuice l doe not well comprehend : for mine owne lam noi ſo 
much in loue with thefe long voyages, as to deuife,theibyto cozen my ſelfe 0 liehard,to fare 
worte,to be fubieGed to perils,to difeafes,to ill fauors,tobe parched & withered, and withallto 
ſuſtaine the care & labour of fuch an enterprize, except the fame had more comfort,then the 
fetching of Marcafite in Guiana, ot buying of gold care in Barbary. But! hope the better for 
wil iudge me by themfelues, & that the way — isnot the way of honor or good opinion: 
Ihaue herein coniumed much time, & many crownes, & I had no other relpect or deſuethen 
to ferue her Maicitie and my country thereby, Ifthe Spanith nation had bene of hkebeliefe to 
thefe detraéters,we fhould litle haue feared or doubted their attempts, wherewith wenow are 
daily threatned. But if we now cõſider of the actions both of Charlesthe g. Ao had the mai 
denhead of Perw,and the abundantireafures of Atabahpa together with the affaires ofthe 8 
nifh king now liuing,whet territories he hath purchafed, what he hath addedrothe ats of hit 
— poy sa many kingdoms he hath indangered, how many armies, — navies 
hath and doth mainteine, the great lofles which he hath repaired,as in 88.sboue to, ſale 


of great ſhips with their artillery ,& that no yere is lefle vn fortunate but that * vellelyrea- I 


fures,and le ate deuoured, and yet notwithftanding he beginneth againe like aflommeto 
threaten , to vs all: we thal ind that thefe abilities ae not frd the trades offacks,and 
Fer eager from ought els that either n any of his other prouinces pro- 
duces it is his Jndiaw gold that indangereth and difturbeth all the nasions of Earepe,i purcha- 
feth intelligence, creepeth into counfels, ond fettech bound loyalcie at libertie,in che greatel 


Monarchies of free. If the Spanith king can keepe vs from forren enterptines frora the it Ba 


peachmentof hiscrades, either by offer of inuafion , ot by befieging vs 0 Britains ireland st 


elfewhere,hee hath then brought the worke of ourperil in great foi wardnes, Thofe prinets 
which abound in treafure haue — aduanzages ouer che teſt, iſthey once conftraine eie 
uen once a here ot oftner to calt lots for their own ga 


adefenfiue war, where they are 
and f uch (hal ell erades, 8c entercourfe be taken away, tothe genera! loſſe nnd impoueil 
ment ofthe kingdom and common weale foreduced:befides when aus men are ¢ aged 


egg ineausanad he the deſue ol ſpoile dur HE 


22 2 F ² » 
ißt, Bie Ta tay HAS HOPS) ae An SFE peer Se rH owerseSS +7 
chen. 


Farther, it is to be douted how thofe that in time of viGtory ſet me to affed their — 4 


nations, wil remasine after the firtt view of miffortunes, or il fuccetle;to trult allo to ihe 


fulnes of a banel. is but e fearefull & yncestaine aduenture fecing therein fortune isas — 75 


Sir M. alt 


— ů — 
preuaile,as ver 
will thus conc: 
pꝛted to a bod 
eines but in a ſ 
ſolued. L haue 
io aduance al t 
bea let and im 
in my weake it 
fulnes,as any p 
teuenues ate g 
fuccour But be 
time which ou 
uinces,and tha 
kingdome,wit 
and Welt, whic 
enforce the far 
fauour & good 
then to equal v 
der to the ſollo 
deuors ofſuch 
Mall by men ot 
ſelues would lo 


Haped there for 
ret, But when 
Trinidad with 
ſight of a (inal C 
at Trinidad the 
de Gallo, which 
time we came no 
krů the point Car 
wich us. J my ſ 
ter ta know the 
ned vp Ropiheat 
the inhabitants 
the (hore, the bet 
1 era 
where we found 
called by the nat 
pere diuers little 
ches of the trees, 
{rater aud not o 
eile mhert. This 
figura in the boo 


Ralegh, Sir We alter Ralegb. I raffiques & Diſcoueries. 


—Aũ ʒ —— o — — — — — —ä— 

ade in G , uuile, as vertue. It ſhall not be neceſſaty to dimer all that might bee faid , and therefore I 
thers in Lade will thus conclude, that whatſoeuer kingdome thi beinforced to defend it ſelſe may be com. 
prefentedwih fe paredco a body ny difeafed, which fora teafonmay be preſerued with vulpar medi- 
o enterptien eines, but in a fhort time, and by litle and litle, the fame muſt needs fall tothe ground, & be dif- 
nanyfuchoue ſiolued. Ihaue theretcre laboured all my life,both according to my final power, & perſwaſion, 
quantitie thet.. ¶ io aduanee al thoſe attempts, that might either promiſe return of profit to our ſelue s, o at leaſt 
duentured if: ¶ bea let and impeachment to the quiet courfe and plentifull wades of the Spaniſh nation, who 
es bene of. ia my weake iudgement by ſuch a warre were as eaſily indangered & brought ſrõ his power. 
t ihe ſame nd ſulaes a8 any prince of Europe, iſ it be confidered ftom how many kingdomes and nations his 
ed,heewillnct teuenues are gathered, & thoſe fo weake in their owne beings, and ſo far feuered from mutual 
n,inftrumens, fſiuccout . But becauſe ſuch a prepatation and teſolution is not to be hoped ror in haſt, & thatthe 
ry no leſſeen time which our enemies embtace, cannot be had againe to aduãtage, i wil hope that thefe pro- 
o view ide d unces and that Empire now by me diſcouered ſhal fuffice to inable her Maieſtie & the whole 
eyes at our · kingdome, wich no lefle quantities of treafure,then the king of Spaine hath in all the Indies Eaſi 
r to ford it, tis and Weft, which he poſſeſſeth, which ifthe fame be conſideted and followed,ere the Spaniards 
eftred witht enſorce che fame,and if her Maieltie wil vndertake it, I wil be contented to loſe her highnefle 
for in lune luy, | fauour & good opinion for euer, and my life withall,ifthe fame be not found rather to exceed, 
ich i the fuyof chen to equal whatfoeuerisin this difcourfe promifed or declared. I wil now reſetre the Rea · 
but touch pen der to the following diſeourſe, with the hope that the perillous and chargeable laboursand in- 
parted the land deuors of fuch as thereby feeke the profit and honour of her Maieftie and the Englith nation, 
wind, litlelefle Mall by men of qualitie and veriue rec eiue fuch conſttuction, and good acceptance, as them- 
le barge,a {ull felues would — to be rewarded withall in the like. WR; 
midad,and thole 
her true,that we 
hich alfo we leſt 
Others have de · 
to Cuna: luto· 

n Lam not fe 
dle had, to fare 


d, and v uball io ; eech, where we ſyent two oz 
omſott then the * freth meat. From thence 

pe the better fort tapes there for the Lions whelpe pour Lo 

or ood opinion; reſt. But wher after 7,02 b. dayes wee 
‘a or deſue then 

of lle belieſe to 
with wenow are 
ho had the mai · 


aires of the 
tothe ae 


hen . — 05 —— 

e like a ſſomme u Mp barge) J lett che Hips anv 

ades offacks,and e inhabitants, and allo io vnderſtand the ris 

rr piouncti pro" portsof the plano, which (as it is rudely dne) my purpoie is to fendpour 
ron apache an I tame to a pont and feat of Indians called Parico, Pais. 
nde pee — 

1 people. 


ritaine, ireland ei 


commonly places of the Welt Indies, and 
cts, bed by Andrew Theuet in his Ferneh Antarctique, and the fonue 
adm oven, 2 Leun: tn the booke as a plane verp range, and by Plinie in his 1. book of bis natural hilto nie. 
re colin I Burin ihn land, an ꝛIſp in Guiana there are very many of them, 
fee offpoile zu At this woinecalten 1 da res Dicks there isthae 
heir neighbor {hips ofthe wand map ty α⁰⁰ e 

etary 2 boese de moi exces vat «i * 0 
une isas likelye , ers cherefore ez Ships < South parts very profitable, 

beat Ogg 2 the 


8. mhm 1 
pons Ll wile men in 


Raine. 
Ps 9 


U 


z The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations,Sir W alter Ralegh, 
—— —UUUͤ— — — —— H— 


mount auie Annaperima , and fo ng che · iuer Carone on which the Span, 
Sale r. ſbips at bay 108 Eſpannoles 03 Conquerabis. 

This plann of Trinidad hach che forme of a ſberphooke, and a but narto w, the opt) partis 
verp mountainous, ihe lde berp excellent ano wil beare uz, o np other commer, 
tie that the Indies pteld. It bath Goze ol dente, wilde porks, ruits, eib end loule: it bath allo ty 
bread (uificient maiz, caſſaui, and of thofe rotes and fruites which are common euerp where in 
the Welt Indies. A bath Diners beattes which the Indies baue not: the Spaniards conleſſed thy 
speek owed infome of the riuers, but they bauing a purpole to enter Guiana (tly 
all rich mettals)cared not do {pend time inede (earch thereot anp further, Chis plan 
the people thereof Car, and ia it are diuers nations sthofe about Parico axe called l. 
aio, thofe at Panta deCarao ate of the Arwacas, and berweene Carao und Curiapan they 
called Saluajos, betwene Carao and punta de Galera ate the Nepoios, and thoſe about the Spx 
Carinepagotes: Ol the rel of the nations, and of other ports and u 
impertinent to m purpole, and meane to deſcribe thew as thy 

pland, three parts whereof A cvaſitd wu) 
my barge, that A might the 


be tt, 
Perting with the ſhiys at Puerto de los Eſpannoles we found at the landing place a compan 
ol 


they found 
Magazin o 
is called by 


die we remained at Puertode los Efpannoles fome d pantards came abopd bs 0 buy lu. 
„ — — and alſo to vie m our ſhips and compe 
which J entertained kindly and fealled after our maner: bp meanes whereof J learned of 
one and another as much of the eftate of Guiana as J tould o as they knew. fo thole pone foale 
piers hauing bene many peeres without wine, a tem opaughts mai? them merrie, in which moon 
they vaunted of Guiana and of the riches thereol, and all what they kne we of the wayt and pal: 
Cages my ſelte ſerming to purpoſe nothing lelle then the enicrance 0) diſcouerie thereof, but br 
tn them an opinion chat J was bound onelp fop the reltete of thole Englil weich A bao bum 
in Virginia, whereof the e which J bad performer in my cecurne, il 
ertremitie of weather had nox fort me from the laid coaſt. pol 
eee 
I t 70 
— — a 20 arb the Teen 7 — reno Trinidad the dap be 
locies : in bubhoſe abſence Berreo ſent a Canoa 
ih — ha —.—— to goe with them into the woods to hill abeare, wöo like 
ablente of their Captaine followed the Indians, but were no ſooner one berque 
thot Erom the hahe, but Berreos ſoulpiers lying in ambuth bad chem al, norwich ending thet 
be ban gfuen bs Bernina @aptatne Whiddon that they could cake water and wood ſafch theo. 
ther cauſe ol e 2 — 
jana, ot the riuers and pallages and ol the of Berseo, by what meanes 0) 


= nes nen MA 
other topmencs, which A fount aftertwarns to be Jen 
tuetes ofp ih op Hele Rings (tobi thep cal Cafiquesinche Welt Indies) one chain aot 


W — icine 


W 


Sir Valter 
dead ol lamine, ant 
and now of late fi 
Cayitaines,becaut 
Capitaesin the t 
and Aterima. So 
Guiana by ſmall be 
backt interreſted i 
haue fauoured ver 
the Corps du guat. 
wards with 60. ſot 
they talen S. Ioſep 
miſſed but onelp Be 
the Indians J feet 

Che fame dap a 
mis whom J lott 
thers, which to our 

Me chen haſted 
the pland together 


byought out of othe 


the place, and bp my 


tat J was the ſeru 


bad moze Caſiqui 


+ Caftellaniin retper 


her, as were by the 
ſeruitude, had lent 
inuafion and conqut 
as it had bene eaſie 

The like and a 
Guiana, and to thof 
admirable, whom: 


bett, the great patt 


aud returned to Cu 
ana as hee knew, 
This Berreo is! 
Naples, the Low ct 
ſurednes, and of ag 


According to the fir 


Iſent Captaine 
end of my iournep a 
from trueth, fox the 
was made beleeue i 
the knowledge of m 
which 600. miles J 
was mone of defire 
weake veſſels to tra 
laſhio ned like a galle 
tied 100. petſons an 
wea her in the open 
and to cary all mane 


what with victuals! 


heat of the Sunne, 3 
moge vnſauozie and! 


| andcaven toy in a fog 


N Captaine Pref 


baue ſound us there. 
; TRUE TeoUET the co 
mo chat we had entre 

wee had aduentured 


élegh, Sir Waler Relegh:Vralliques & Dilcouerks. 4g 


eSponh deodoklamine, and waſted with copments : theſe are called in their owne language Acarewana, 

a nd now of late ince Englilb, French and Spanilb are come among them, hey call chemfelues 

path part u | Capiaines,becaufe they perteiue that the chie teſt of tuery ſhip is called by that name, Thoſe fue 

r cominan 18 pitas in the chaine were called Wannawanare, Carroaori, Maquarima, Tatroopanama, 

ath alſo n und Atetima. Oo as both to be reuenged ok the foꝛmer wrong, as allo conſidering that to enter 

pwherein Guiana by ſmall boats, to depart 400, 02 300. miles from my thips, and to leaue a gariſon in my 

nkelled iu backe interrelled in the fame enterprise, who allo dayly expected {upplies out of Spaine, J ſhould 

nian (t baue fauoured very much of the alle: and therefore taking a time of moſt aduantage J {et vpon 

Thisplm tte Corp du guard in the eutning, and hauing put them to the fword, Cent Captaine Calfield on: 

we calle]. wards with 60. ſouldiers, and my felfe followed with 40. moze and fo tooke then new City which 

an thepare tthep allen S. Ioſeph by bꝛeake of day: they abode not any fight after a ewe ſhot, and all being difs K. 
it the r miffen but onely Berreo and his companion. I bꝛought them with me aboꝛd, and at the inſtance ol Auen) Renee 
olle a the Indians J let their new citie of S. Ioſeph on fire, i talen pillonet. 
hema; ß Che lune dap arrived captaine George Gifford with pour L oothips thip, and captaine Key- 

paleo wi) mis whom J loft on the coaſt of Spaine, with the Galego, and in them divers gentlemen and o⸗ 

| thers, which to our little armie was a great comfort and lupply. 

tom ; e then haſted away towards our purpoſed diſcouery, and lirſt J called all the Captaines of 

ent Captaing the pland together that were enemies tothe Spantards; for there were fome which Re reo had 

e lf boought out of other countreys, and planted there to cate out and watt thoſe that were rural of 

ards {em the place, and by my Indian interpreter, which J caried out of England, I made them vnderſtand 

Leheir ann that A was the ſeruant of a Queene, who was the great Caſique of the Nozth, and à virgine, and 

pe Carne eur bab moze Cafiqui onder her then there were trees in that pland : that thee was anenemie to the 


1Cafiquem Caftellaniin retpect of their tppannie and oppzeſſion, and that (he deliuered all ſuch nations about 
 Whiddoo, her, as were bp them oppreffen, and hauing freevall the cont of the Nozthzen wopld from heit 
Ropaniains ſeruttude, had ſent mee to free them alfo, and withall to defend the countrey of Guiana from their 


r, Who bus inuafion and conqueſt. A ſbewed them her Maiellies picture which they lo adtnired und honoured, 
as it had bene eaſie to haue bꝛought them idolatrous chereof, 

sto bu u. Thelike and a moze large diltourle A made to the relt of the nations both in my palling to 
and compas Juiana, ind te tboſe of the boybers,fo as in that part of the woꝛlo her Maiemie is very famous and 
SH learnen of avmicable, whom they now call Ezrabeta Caffipuna Aquerewana, which is as much as Elira- 
je pone foute beth, the great ppiucefle oz greateſt commander, his bone we left Puerto de los Ef pannoles, 
which mood and returned to Curiapan, and hauing Berreo my pꝛiſoner I gathered from him as much of Guis 
pes and pats ana as hee knew, 

rob hit bye, This Berreoisa gentleman wel deſtende, and had long ſerued the Spanith king in Millain, 


had plan. Naples, the Low countreis and elſewhere, very valiant and liberall, and agentleman of great als 


ip tetune if ſurednes, and of a great heart: q vſed him accozding to his eftate and worth in all things I could, 
accoꝛding to the ſmall meanes J had. 


del Beneo, A ſent Captaine Whiddon the petre before to get what knowledge he could ol Guiana, and the 
them end ol my iourney at this time was to difcouer and enter the fame, but my intelligence was larre 
d te bap bes from trueth, for the counteep is fituate aboue 600. Engliſh miles further from the Dea, then 2 — Mbp 
t onelp was made beleeue it had bin, which afterward vnderſtanding to be true by Berreo, J kept it from e a 


ont barque which Goo. miles J paſſed 400, leauing mp (hips lo farre from mee at ancher in the Dea, which 
Landing that was mone of veſire to perlonne that difcouery, then of realon, eſpetiallp bauing (uch pooze and 


that 
guten mee & what with victuals being mot fith, with the wette clothes of fo many men the 
. — heat ol the Sunne, J w ll vndertake . 


ope vnſauonie and lothlome, efpecialtp to ſelle, fo peeres befoze bene diecen 
recamefome ati ina foze farce mage buff ” masters a: a 


ting. 
urn to eur? f It Captaine Preſton hab not vene perfinaned tee be bed bars come tao late to Trinidad to 
epto bett baue foun na there ( fop the monech was erpircd wöich J pramiſen ta cary for bim there ere hee 


e lume the mio that we had entted the countrey but fome ten bapes fooner ere the Ri ts were cuerflowen, 
nines wee had aduruturcd either to haue nenn — 
: 44 3 


— pp 
634, The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations,Sir Walter Ralegh. Sir Walter 


ol the other Cirtes and cownes necrer at hand, as would haue made aropall return : but it pleas dne million, and 
{en not God fo much to lauour mer at tins time iir it hall be my lot to proletute the Came, thal ow althoug 
mp life cherem, and (fanp elfe thalbe enabled thereunto, and conquere the ſumt axe daylp ougl 

moze then euer was pone in Mexico bp Cortez,o) in Pe. the abundant tre 

conquerev the Empire of Mutezuma, the other of Guafcar, n become, in afer 

prince thall poſſeſſe it, that Prince hall be Loyd of moge golde, and world, and like 

anv of moze Cities and people, then either the King of Spaine, n fuffer him to add 


hofemagnificentprin ⸗ nes, by that byan 
and riches Pedro de — — 
hen Franciſco Prin u jg alfo bpothers 
tannon and Am 
a, which Acabalipa hab fopmerip mn beginning, 

ſonnes of Guaynacapa ſled out of Peru, andtooke with him many then FR —rellana, of whic 

of the Empire called Orejones, and with tboſe and manp others whe now little lelle tt 

act and valley of America which is lltunte between te ed the lame: and 

great riuer of Amazones, and Baraquan, otherwiſe called Orenoque and Marannon, the firtt that euer 
a of Guiana is direttiy att from Peru cowards the Des, and lieth vnder theE lied More quito i 

quinoctial line, and it bath moze abundance ol golde then any part ol Peru ind as many 0} moe lome 300 miles 

great Cities then euer Peru had when it flourtthen mot : it is gouerned bp the fame latwes, ann Irelled at chi 

the Emperour and oblerue the lame ecligion, and che Came lone and polites tn gourrn tion of this Mat 
ment as were vſtd in Peru, not di in any part: and A baue bene aſſurteo by lut hof the pe ſeene in the Cha 
fatctines ni ards as haue feene Manos the Citte ol Guiana, which the Spaniards call El Dorado, be the greateſt in 
the excellent leat, u farce exteedeth any of the bond, uery and conque 

MHpanith nation: it is founded vpon alekeof ones, paſſed in 

ſalt water ol 200. leagutcs ſpium. Ind if we tomport it to that ol peru but died by lea al 
ded not. Diego 


but read the cepopt of Francifco Lopez and others 
we may tuoge of the one by the other. J thought good to inſert part of the 1 20. Chapter of Lopez hople, who arctur 
in his gener all b:ttopie of the Indies, wherein be deſcribeth the Court and magnificc ns: of Guay. uoured him, as al 


nacapa,anceftour tobe Emperour of Guiana, whole very wozdes are thele, Todo el feruicio de ed, neither was 

lata, y quando menos de plata, y cobte pormasrezio, deer ol his hipin 
Tenia en fu tecamata eftacuas huec as de oro, que parecian gigantes, y las figuras al propio,y be perilhed on th 
tamũãno de quantos animales. aues, at boles, y yeruas produze ſa tierra, y de quantos peces ena that Martines en 
la mar y aguasde ſus reynos. Tenia aſſi me ſmo fogas,coftales, ceſtas y trones de oto) plata, it chanced that w 
rimeros de palos de oro, que pate cieſſen jenna raiada para quemar. En fin no auiacolaen fu firit oꝛ fecond tha 


tierra que no la tuuic ſſe de oro contrahecha: y aun den, que tenian los Ingas vn vergel en v for the ſeruice w 
mar, que ceniala ortaliza,las Generall Ordas 


na lila cerca de la Puna, donde ſe yuan a holger. quando querian 
flores, y arboles de or placa, nuencion grandeza hafta entonces nunca villa, Allende de all the meanes pe 
todo cito tenia infininflima cantidad de labrar en el Cuzco, que ſe perdio pot Chat he ſhould b 
la muette de Guafcar, Efpannoles ſe lo tomauan, looſe into the gre 
yembiauan a Efpanna. iecban tere of goto anv fil that ecrteine of t 
wec,ann the berdneſle of me tall. He bad in bis wards Chpithan,no} an 
robe hollow proportion and bignetl of al from towne to te 
of all the fithes chat be fea the emperour. @ 
and trough of golvean e eng befope char 
there was nothing m) and tauſe d hit 
Che Ingas has Manoa, but wa 
clues, when iber ther all the way bi 
anptreesofgolve FE was foureteene o 
Belides all this he bar an intinite FF Noon,and chen t 
e vnmougbt in Cuzco which wos loft bp rhe deathel Guafeas im the ö tyanntbe nert bg 
the @opaniards tooke it and (ent it into Spaine 4 nine x had line 
er Franciico Picat di u. Inga afken| 
om 4 
ta y dos mil marcos de buena plata, y vn millon y trezientos vei . ent diu 
ros pefos deere, Oibichis : Chey afi a coo cule 21 cones 


ſu cala, meſa y cozina era de oto, y de 


Good 
tficent pun · 
8 Pedro de 
ico P. 
b Atabalipa 
safcar to bet 


el ſeruicio de 
ot mas teꝛio 
4s al ptopio 
os peces cria 


N 
1 M 3 


Sir Malter Ralegb. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


one million. and thhee bundꝛed twenty and Ore thoufand and Gue hundped pez os of golde. 

Mow although tbeſe reports map ſecme ſtrange, pet if we conſider the many millions which 
are vaplp bpougut out of Peru into Spaine. wee map calilp belt eue the fame : fo) we linde that by 
the abundant creature of that counttey the Spanich hing vererh all the pꝛince s ot Europe, and is 
become, in a le w peeres , from a poze hing of Caſtile, che greateũ monarch of this part of the 
wald, aud likely cuery day to increale, if or her princes ſoʒllow che good oct aſions ale , and 
ſuffer him to adde this empire to the reſt, which by farce exceedeth all the reſt: il his golde u w ins 
danger vs, hee will tben be vnreſiſtable. Such ol the Spanyards as afterward endeuoured the 
conqueli thereof (whereof there haue bene manp,as {hall be declared hertalter) thought that this 
Inga (of whom t *. — now liuing is delcended) tooke his way by the riuer of Amaz o- 
nes, by that branch is called Papameneiſoꝭ by that wap followed Orellana (bp the tõman · 
dement ol Gonzalo Picarro, in the pere 1542) whole name the riuer allo beareth this day, which 
is allo by others called Marannon , although Andie w Theuet boeth affirme that bete ene Mae 
rannon and Amazones there are 120 leagues: but ſure it is that thoſe riuers haue one head 
and beginning and the Marannon, which Theuet deſcribeth, is but a bʒanch of Amaz ones 0) O- 
rellana, Of which J will ſpeake mv in another place, It was attempted by Ordas; Lut it is 
now little leſſe chen 70 peres ſince: Diego Ot das, a knight ol the oder of Saint lago atiemyt⸗ 
ed the lame : and it was in the pecre 15.42 that Orellana difcoucred the riuer of Amazones; but 
the Girt that euer ſaw Manoa was luan Martinez matter of the munition to Ordas, At a popt cal 


fome 300 miles within the land, vpon the great riuer ol Orenoque. 

Trekeo at this port foure dapes: twenty dayes after I leit che ips at Curiapan. Che rela · 
tion ol this Martinez ( ho was the firl that diſcouered Manoa) his tucteſſe and ende are to bet 
ſeene in the Chancery ol Saint luan de puerto rico, wherof Berreo hab a copy, whichappearen to 
be the greatett incouragement al well to Berreo as to others that foʒmexiy attempted the dilco · 
nery and conqueſt. Orellana after he failed of the diſcouery of Guiana bp the loyd riucr of Ama· 
zones, paſſed into Spaine , and there obteined a patent of the king fo the inuaſion and conquef, 
but died by fea about the Illands, and his ficet ſeuered by tempeld, the action for that time pꝛocte · 
ded not. Diego Ordas followed the enterppife, and departed Spaine with 600 ſouldters, and 


o DiegodeOnlg = 1) 
belle, who azciuine onthe coat of Guiana, was (laine in a mucinp,toith the mot part of uch as ta wees 


Tuan Mortines 


led Morequico in Guiana there lieth at this day a great anker of Ordas his (hip; and this port is n 
Roa, 


uoured him, as alſo of the rebellious part, mfomuch as his ſpips periſhed, and few oz none returns dung 1731. 


ed, neither was it certeinly kno wen what became of the ſayd Ordas 
ker of his Hip in the riuer of Orenoque; but it wa fuppofen, ano (oft is witten 


from towne to towne , vntill he tame to the great city of Manoa, the {eat anvrefidence of Inga oe recep ‘ 
an 


rr of Manoa 


' @Mpanyardsin Pe- 
ru) and tauſed him to be lodge d in his palace, and well enterteined. Hee lined ſeuen moneths in 


was foureteene oz fifteene dapes in the 
Noon, and then they 


} 


fi 
i 
N 


nest 0) 
une from 
de pue 
Diiiten 
bis Con: 
-alabagas 
his Mar. 
> inform: 


that tract 


eine ler: 
Ww hollow 
n this font 
¢ 0) feum 
Was inters 
bundantt 


ards 

leu fo mip 
nlp boyne, 
the ſould 
e found by 
imſe lle the 
ithe whole 
uiana, but 
dier s, and 
nd forts in 
returne io 
a current, 
leſſt then a 
nD till he are 
e Iynnno, 
as kather to 


— — — 


Sir Walter Ralegh, Trattiques and Diſcoucries. 637 


LLL LLL LLL LLL LLL LLC TC ttt, 
wot to nue to be defamed o! vpbyaiden bp the Sy) «nparosafter bis Death, who woulb hal: cermen 


them 


en of a traitour op ty ant; and that Mchence bet could not make them princes , hee 


would pet be. oer chem fron: thame and repyoch Cheſt wert the end 
— 2 uus, and A giti. the and tragedies of Ordas, 
Alo foowe after Orcas foFlatweD Teronimo Oreal de Saragots with x30 foulbiery, tebo fal - 


ing his entrance bp (eu, was cat withi . current on the coal Paria, g peopled about 8. eit. 


el de Neueri, It was chen attempters bp Don Pedro de Silua, a Portugues of the famit & fs, 
—— 4 — — toes fet out, ecb — 


ide of the marke ; fo) being Departed from Spaine with his 


ge entered by Marannon 


and Amazones , where by thenations of the riuer, and by the A het was pet „ 
thowen, and hunleife and all his arnie defeated, onelp efcapen — 


turned. 
After him came Pedro letnande: S$ 


bis (htp, that was one of che company of 


_ Hernandez de Serpa, and ſaued thoſe that caped, who wit neſſed what | 
mong the © panpards thereabouts of Tbe gress riches of Guiana, and El — 


himſelfe and 


was bꝛougbt aboopd me by captaine Prefton, who told me in the heating ol 
Duuers ocber gentlemen, toate met with enges nb dl. fer at Cees, — 


be came from the boyders of Guiana, and that he ſaw with hn mol tes ol 

— —— 
c 

After Hernandez de 


de Cafada, who was one of the chice in the conquett of Nueuo reino, whole Daughter 


it uuns vndertaken by the Ade. do, Don Gonziles Ximenes Dea One 
Ximenes de 
and heire C 


Don Antonio de Berreo maxitd. — eae bp the riuer talled Papame· 


ne, which riſeth by Quito in Peru, ¢ runneth Doutheal 100 


eagues, and then Falleth into A ma- 


rones, but he allo failing the cutrance, returned wich the lofle or much labour and colt. J tooke 
one taptaine George a thatfollowed Gonzales in this enterpꝛiſe. Gonzales gaut his 


to Berreo, bis oth a bonour ta follow the enterpꝛiſe to the lat of bis ſubſtance and Asconio bees. 


le, who fince, as he hath Tr 


enter fo far into the land as myſelfe with 
0 


pooge troupe oꝭ rather abandfuil of men, in 
wery,boat- opes, ot all opt nether dba 


per he vnderdlood qq could finde any paſſage op eutrance into thereof, 
pet he had experience of al theſe . of thelservays 


8. Berreo fought it by the tiuer Caſlamar, which fallety into a great riuer called 


Pato : Paco falleth into Meta, and Meta into Baraquan, which is alſu called Oren 
Oc tooke his iourney from Nueuo reyno de Granada where he delt, hauing the inheritanct 
of Gonzales Ximenes in tbhoſe parts : be was followed with 700 hope, be dꝛaue with him 1000 
bead of cattell. be bad alſo many women, Andtans, and flaucs, Vom all tbeſe riuers crulſe and ene 
Saen ee ste edelte unis n ien n bude 
) „ t nations and pour lope 
tectine in a large Chart 05 May, which A baue not pet finitheo, and which A (hall molt 


: ~~» the #eneh 
7 that they now take, 
N A keare it not much. It was allo me per I Departed 


was in preparation fo) the planting of Amazones, ¢ 4 


vopages, and 
with a tapt aint of a French thin that came fram thence he Falmouch the fame a 
sharup heeconedee bom V, ia. * 10 0 — 


| monetpatan 


moiber this peeve in Helford that alfocame from and hab bene ſoureteent 
ander in Amazones, mich wert both very rith. Bou — t 
ulana 


MICROCOPY RESOLUTION TEST CHART 
(ANSI and ISO TEST CHART No. 2) 


2 
/ 


FFEFEE EE 


EF 
— 
Er 


0 


APPLIED IMAGE Inc 


1653 East Main Street 
Rochester, New York 14609 USA 
(716) 482 - 0300 Phone 


(716) 288 ~ 5989 ~ Fox 


Ammonet. 


68 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, dir Walter Ralegb. 
— — — —ůů 


Guiana cannot be entred that way, yet no voubt the trade ol gold from thence pafleth by branches 
ok riuers into the riuer of Amazones, and ſo it doch on cuerp hand far from the countrep it lelle; 
fo2 thoſe Andians of Trinidad haue plates of golde from Guiana, and thofe cantbals of Dominica 
which vwell in the [ands by which our ſhips paſle perely to the Weſt Indies, alſo the Indians of 
Paria,thoſe Indians called Tucaris, Chochi, Apotomios,Cumanagotos, and all thoſe other na- 
tions inhabiting nere about the mountaines that run from Paria tho om the pꝛouince of Venefuc- 
Ia, and in Maracapana, and the canibals of Guanipa, the Indians called Aſſawai, Coaca, Aisi, 
and the reſt (all which hall be velcribed in mpdelcription as they are ſituate) haue plates of golde 
ol Guiana. And vpon the riuer of Amaz ones, Theuet twpitetl that the people weare croiſſants 
okgolde oz of that koꝛme the Gulanians mot commonly make them: ſo as tom Dominicato A. 
mazones, which is aboue 250 leagues, all the chiefe Indians in all parts weare of thole plates of 
Guiana. Undoubte dly hole that trade Amazones teturne much golde, which (as is akozeſayd) 
commeth by trade from Guiana, by ſome bꝛanchok a riuer that falleth from the countrey into A. 
mazones, and either it is bythe riuer which palleth by the nations called Tiſnados, o by Carepu- 
na. J made inquiry amongſt the molt ancient and bet trauelled of the Orenoqueponi, and J han 
knowledge of all the riuers betweene Orenoque ¢ Amazones, and was very deſirous to vnder⸗ 
Gand the truth ok tho ſe warlike women, becauſe of ſome it is beleeued, ok others not. And though 
Adigrelle krom my purpole, pet J will let downe that which hath bene deliuered me fop tructh of 
thole women, e J (pake with a cafique oz loꝛd of people, that told me he had bene in the riuer an 


Tb laat ofthe heyond it allo. The nations oktheſe women are on the South five of the riuer in the pꝛouinces of 


Topago, and their chiekelt Arengths and retracts are in the Illands ſituate on the South lde of 
the entrance ſome 6o leagues within the mouth of the layd river, The memozies ok the like wo: 
men are very ancient al well in Aftica as in Aſia: In Aftica thoſe chat had Meduſa fo: queene: 
others in Scithia nere the riuers of Tanais and Thermadon : wi finde alſo that Lampedo ſ᷑ Mur- 
theſia were queenes of the Amazones : in many hiſta zies they are vt riſied to haue bene, and in di⸗ 
uers ages and pꝛouinces: but they which are not far krom Guiana doe accompany with men but 
onte ina pere, and foꝛ the time of one moneth which J gather by their relation, to be in Apzil: and 
that time all kings of the boꝛders allemble, and queenes of the Amazones; and after the queenes 
haue choſen, the reſt cat lots for their Ualentines. This one moneth, they keaſt. dance, and prinke 
ok their wines in abundance; and the Moone being done, they all depart to their ewne prouinces, 
Af they conc eiue, anv be veliuered of a tonne, they returne him to the father; ik ok a daughter they 
nourich it and reteine it: and as manp as haue daughters ſend vnto the begetters a pꝛeſentzall bes 
ing veſirous to intreale their owne ſex and kind: but that they cut off the right dag of rhe belt, J 
doc not finde to be true. It was farther tolde me that ik in thele warres they coke any ppifoners 
that they fed to accompany with thofe alſo at what time foeuer , but in the end loz certeine they 
put them to death: for they are ſapd to be very cruelland dloodihirſty, eſpeciallp to ſuch as offer 
to inuade their territories, Thele Amazones halle He wile great ſtoꝛe of theſe plates of golde, 
which they retouer by erchange chiefly for a kinde of greene Cones , which the Spauyards call 
Piedrashijadas, q we ble fo; ſpleene ſtones: and for the pifeate of the tone we alfo eftecme them, 
Okthele J Cav divers in Guiana : and tommonly euery king 02 caſique hath one, which theit 
wiues koʒ the moſt part weare; and they eſteeme them as great iewels. 

But to returne to the enterpꝛiſe of Bereo, who (as J haue ſayd) departed fromm Nueuo teyno 
with 700 hodle beſides the pꝛouilions aboue rehearled, he deſcended by the riuer called Caffanar, 
which riſeth in Nuevo reyno out of the mountaines by the city of Tuuia, from which mountaine 
allo (pringeth Pato; both which fall into the great riuer ol Meta: and Meta tifeth froma moun! 
taine toyning to Pamplon in the tame Nueuo reyno de Granada. Theſe. as alfo Guaiare wich 
aueh out ofthemountaines by Timana, kall all into Baraquan, and are but of his heads; fo at 
their comming together they lole their names; and Baraquan farther downe is allo rebaptized 
bytbe name ok Otrenoque. Onthe other fine of the city and billes of Timana rileth Rio grande, 
which kalleth in the lea by Sancta Marta. Dp Caffonar firſt, and fo into Meta, Beneo polled er: 

ping his hozſemen on the banks, where the countrep ferued them for to march, mud 
wile, he was dꝛiuen to imbarke them in boats which he builded loz the purpofe, and fo came wit 

the current downe the riuer of Meta, and ſo inte Baraquan. Akter he entren that greaté might? 
river, he began dayly to lole of bis companies both men and yorles for it is in many places violent 


— 


— 


ly lwilt, and bath forcible eddie, manp ſunds, aud Diners Iliands Harpe pointed with rocks: bu 


after one whole eere, iourneping for the moſt part by river, andtbe reft by land, he grem Daplyt0 
fewer woh 5804 for both by ficknefle, and by encountring with the people of thole regions, hi 
tom which be traucilen, bis companies were much walten , eſpeciallp by diners encounters te 


Sir} 
the An 
newes 
nep Frc 
paia, G 
firt th? 
golde ( 
tuate v 
his hor 
thofe n 
mong? 
fo curic 
he was 
by his c 
on as by 
witball 
Aneba 
from hi 

Thi 
the red 
Ditters } 
knowir 
the very 
of all th 
hoped te 
of they! 
ſeries t. 
they liu 

the Qui 
but eith 
in the u 
which b 
euening 
wap alle 
bozders 
taines, 

which C 

tion oue 

ofpzichl 
friendſh 
diſaduat 

Gutanti 

bundant 

Orenoc 

tauſe ch 
Berre 

whereof 

Granad 

numb zei 

Catolio 

he had nt 

things, 
got ſome 

ol ſome o 

ges, and 

uellers, 
domes ke 
mazone: 

Capiaines 


lter Ralegh. 


paſleth by branches 
he countrey it lelle; 
nibals of Dominica 
, alſo the Indians of 
w all thoſe other na: 
zouince of Veneſue. 
ſſawal, Coac a, Aisi, 
haue plates of golde 
ple weare croiffants 
rom Dominica to A. 
pate of thoſe plates of 
hich (as is afozelayn) 
the countrep into A. 
nados, o by Carepu-· 
loqueponi, and J hay 
ry deſirous to vnder⸗ 
erg not. And though 
uered me fop tructh of 
bene in the viuer,anp 
ier in the pꝛouintes of 
e onthe South lide of 
mozies of the lite wos 
Meduſa fo2 queene; 
hat Lampe do ¢ Mar. 
o haue bene, and in die 
Ompany with men bus 
un, to be in Apzil: and 
and after the queenes 
feaſt. dante, and dzinze 
their owne pꝛouintes. 
; ikoka daughter they 
etters a pref ntzall bee 
ght dug of the brett, J 
ep tooke any ppifoners 
ye end foz certeine they 
eciallp to ſuch as offer 
k thele plates of golde, 
ch the Spanpards call 
we alſo eſteeme them. 
hath one, which their 


ted from Nueuoreyno 

e riuer called Caſſanat, 
from which mountaine 
eta riſeth frema moun⸗ 
as allo Guaiare, which 
but of his heads; fop at 
owne is alſo rebaptized 
nana kileth Rio grande, 
Aeta, Beneo paſſed, hee 
narch, and whtreother⸗ 
pole, and fo ceme with 
rev that great x mighty 
sin many places violent: 
pointed with rocks : but 
yy Land, he grew Daply to 
le of thole regions, tho: 
p diuers encounters 


N 


Sir Walter Ralegh. Traffiques and Dicoueries. 


—: nicaitais aes is as ae 
the Amapaians: and in all this time hee neuer could learne ol any pallage into Guiana, no; any 
newes o kame thereof, vntill he came to a further borer of the fapd Amapaia, eight dayes iour⸗ 
nep tom the riuer Caroli, which was the furtheſt riuer that he entre. Among thofe of Ama. 
paia,Guiana was famous, but few of theſe people actoſted Berteo, oz would trade with him the 
Girt thꝛee moneths ofthe lix, which he ſoiourned there. This A Mapaia is alſo maruellous ric in 
golde (as both Berreo confeſled and thoſe of Guiana th whom J had mott conference) ano is ſi⸗ 
tuate vpon Orenoque alſo. In this countrey Berreo lolt Co of his beſt ſouldiers, and moſt of all 
bis hole that remained in his former peeres trauell: but in the end. alter d.uers encounters with 
thofe nations, they greta to peate; and they pꝛeſented Berreo with tenne images of fine golde as 
mong diuers other plates and croiſſants, which, as be [ware to me ¢diuers other gentlemen, were 
fo curioully wꝛought, as he had not ſeene the like either in Italy, Spaine, oꝛ the Loy. countreys: ¢ 
he was reſolued. that wyen they came to the hands okche Spaniſh king, to whom he had ſent them 
bphiscampmatter, they would aypeare verpavmirable, efpeciallp being wꝛought by ſucha nati⸗ 
on as had no Pꝛon instruments at all, nop any ot thole helps which our goldſmichs haue to woꝛke 
witball. The particular name of the people in Amapaia which gaue him theſe pieces, are called 
Anebas, and the riuer of Orenoque at that place is aboue 12 Engliſb miles bꝛoar, which may be 
from his out fall into the [ea 70003 doo miles. 


This pꝛouince nf Amapaia is a very low and a marich ground nere the ttuct; and by realon ol 
the red water wi ehillueth out in mall bꝛanc des tboꝛow the kenny and boggy ground there bꝛeed 
duers poifontull wozmes and ſerpents; and the Bpanyards not luſpecting, nop in anp lozt Fores 
knowing the danger, were infected with a grieuous kinde of fluxe bp Drinking thereof; and euen 
the very hoꝛſes poiſoned ther with: in omuch as at the end of the 6 moneths, that they above there, 


of all their troups, there were not left aboue 120 ſouldiers, x neither hozle no cattell: foʒ Berreo 
boped to haue found Guiana by 1000 miles nerer then it kel out to be in the end: by meanes where⸗ 
of they ſuteined much want, and much hunger, oppreffen with grieuous dileaſes, and all the mis 
ſeries that could be imagined. J demanded of thole in Guiana that had trauelled Amapaia, hom 
they liued with that tawny op red water when they trauelled thither: and they tolde me that after 
the un was neerethe middle of the ſkie, they vled to fill their pots and pitchers wich that water, 
but either before that time, oz towards the letting of the Sun it was dangerous to dzinke ok, and 
in the night Kong poiſon. J learned allo of diuers other riutrs of that nature among them, 
which were alſo (while the Sun was in the Meridian ) verp lafe to dzinke, and in the mozning, 
euening, and night woonderfull dangerous and inkectiue. From this pꝛouince Berreo haſted ae 
way afloone as the Spꝛing and beginning of Summer appeared, and ſought his entrance on the 
borders of Orenoque on the South five; but there ran a ledge of fo high and impaſſable moun⸗ 
taines, as he was not able by anpmeanes to march ouer them, continuing from the Eaſt {ea into 
which Orenoque falleth euen to Quito in Peru: neither had he meanes to cary victuall oꝛ muni⸗ 
tion ouer thoſe craggie, high, and falt hilles, being all woody, ¢ thote fo thicke and ſpinx, E fo full 
ofprickles, thozues, and bziers, as it is impoſſible to creepe thoꝛow them: hee had allo neither 
friendſhip among the people, noꝛ any interpꝛeter to perl wape oz treat with them: and moe, to his 
diladuantage, the caſiques and kings ol Amapaia had giuen knowlenge of his purpole to the 
Gutantans, and that he Coughe to ſacke and conquer the empire, foꝛ the hope of their fo great ae 
bundance and quantities of golde: he palled by the mouthes of many great riuers, which fell into 
Orenoque both fromthe Mozth and South, which J foꝛbeare to name foztedioulneſle, and be 
caufe they are moze pleating in veſeribing then reading. 

Berreo aftirmed that there fell an hundzed riuers into Orenoque from the Moꝛth and South, 
whereok the leaſt was as big as Rio grande, that paſſed betweene Popayan and Nueuo reyno de 
Granada (Rio grande being efteemed one of the renowmed rivers in all the Weft Indies, and 
nunbzed among the great riuers ok the wozld:) but he knew not the names ok any oftheſe, but 
Cuolionely; neither from what nations thep deltended, neither to wbat pꝛoninces thep led; for 
he had no meanes to dilcourſe with the inhabitants at anp time: neither wan he curious in thele 
things, being vtterly vnlearned, and not knowing the Eat from the e Mett. But of all thele 3 
got ſome knowledge, and of many moze, partlp by mine owne trauell, and the reſt by conference: 
offome one J learned one, ok others the rett, hauing with me an Indian that ſpake many langua⸗ 
ges, and that of Guiana naturally. I fought out all che aged men, and ſuch as were greatett tra: 
tellers, and by che one and the oiher I came to vnderſtand the ſeustions, the riuers, the kings 
Domes from the Cal {ea to the bopvers of Peru, and from Orenoque South ward as farre as A. 
mazones 02 Marannon, and tbe religions of Maria Tamball, of all the kings of pꝛouinces, and 
captaines of to wnes and villages, how they toon in tearmes of peace or warre, and which were 


anp great 
10 35 fatiing 
uta Orenoque. 


ET eS. CE? 0 — 
640 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Sir V. alter Ralegh, 
— — —— — — 
friends oz enemies the one with the other, without which there can be neither entrance nop con 
queſt in thole parts, no; ellwhere: fog by the dillention betweene Guafcar and Atabalipa, Picar. 
roconqueted Peru, and by the hatred that the Tlaxcallians bare to Mute zuma, Cortez was vic: 
topivus ouer Mexico; without which both the one aud the other had failen of their enterpziſe, and 

of the great honour and riches which they atteined vnto. a 
Nom Berreo began to grow into diſpaire, and looked oz no other ſucteſle then his pedesetion 
Ehe piouinte in this enterpꝛiſe, vntill fuch time as hee arriued at the pꝛouince of Emeria tur ards the Catt ſea 
of Emevianba’ any mouth ofthe river, where he found a nation of people very fauourable, ari) the counrrey full 
Ane, gfall maner ok bictuall. The bing of this land is called Carapana, a mon very wile, Cubtil, anp 
Campin. ef great experience, being little Lette then an hundded peeres olle: in his pouch he was {ent hp bis 
father into the Illand of Trinidad, bp realen of ciuill warre among themſelues, and was bred at 
a village in that illand, called Parice : at that plece in bis pouth bee had feene manp wyaititans, 
both Frenchand Spaniſh, and went diuers times with the Indians ol Trinidad to Margarita 
and Cumana in the Welt Indies (fox both thole places haue euer beene relieued with victuall 
from Trinidad) by reafon whereof he grew of moze vnderſtanding, and noted the difference of the 
nations, comparing the ſtrength and armes ol his countrep withthoſe of the Chzidttans, and euer 
after tempoptsed ſo, as wholocuer els did amiſle, 02 was walled by contention, Carapana kept 
himnfelfe and bis countrep in quiet ¢ plenty be allo held peace with the Caribes op Canibals tis 

neighbours, and had free trade with all nations, wholi euer els had warre. 

Berreo foiournen and reſted his weake troupe in the towne of Carapana fire weeks, and from 
Him learned the way and pallage to Guiana, and the tiches and magnificence thereof; but being 
then vtterlp vilable to pꝛoceed, be determined to try his koztune another pere, when he had renew: 
ed his prouifions , and regathered mode kozte, which hee hoped fo al well out of Spaine as from 
Nueuo reyno, where bee had lelt his fonne Don Antonio Ximenes to ſecond him vpon the firt 
notice giuen of his entrance, and ſo ko thepꝛeſent imbarked himſellein canoas, and bp the ban: 
ches of Orenoque arriued at Trinidad, hauing from Carapana (ufticient pilots to conduct him, 
From Trinidad be coatten Paria, and ſo recotered Margarita: and hauing made relation to Don 
Tuan Sermiento th2 gouetuour, of his proteeding, and perlwaded him ok che riches of Gunna he 
obteined from thence ftp ſouldiers, pꝛomiling pꝛelen lp to returne to Carapana , and ſo into 
Guiana. But Betreo meant nothing leſſe at that im; Cop be wanted manp ; rouifions necefla: 
rp for ſuch an encerppife,and therefore departed from Margarita, ſeated himſelfe in Trinicad, np 
from thence fent his camp - maller, and his ſergeant. malo: backe to the boꝛdecs to diſcour the 
neereſt pallage into the mpire, as alſo to treat with the boꝛderers, and to Dye. v thtni co his party 
and loue; without which, be knew he could neither palle fafelp, nop in any Cogt be relieued with 
victualloꝛ ought els, Carapana directed his company to a king called More quito, aſſuting then 
that no man couly de liuer fo much ol Guiana as Morequito could, and that his dwelling was but 
fine dayes tourney rom Macureguarai, the firſt tiuill towue of Guiana. g 

No pour lozdſhip hall vnderſtand, that this More quito, one of the greatett leds oy kings of 
the bopvers of Guiana, had two op three peeres before bene at Cumana and at Margarita, inthe 
Wet Indies, with great Moze of plates of golde, which he caried to exchange fos uch other things 
as he wanted in his owne countrep, and was dayly keaſted, c pꝛeſented by the gouernours of thoſe 
Ves the go⸗ plates, and held amongſt them fome two monethe, in which tine one Vides gouernout of Cuma- 
urrnour ofCu- na wanne him to be bis conductour into Guiana, being allured bo e croiſſants and images of 
enn wü kene golde which hee brought with him to trade as elſo by theancts ie end magnificence of Et 
im che conque Porado: whereupon Vides ſent into Spaine o; a patent to dine . and conquer Guiana lot 
h knowing of the precedence of Berreos patent, which, as Berreo affirn. th, was figned befoze that 

of Vides: ſo às when Vides vnderſtood of Betreo, and that he had made entrance into that terri⸗ 
toꝛp and foregone his veſire and hope, it was verily thought that Vides practifen with Morequi- 
toto binder and viſturbe Berreo in all he could, and not to fuffer him to enter thoꝛe w his fignopie, 
non anp of his companies; neither to victuall, no? guide them in any fort ; fo? Vides gouernout of 
Cumana,and Berreo, were become mo,tall enemies, al well foꝛ that Berreo had gotten Trinidad 


Motequito. 


to his patent with Guiana, a alſo in that he was by Berreo pꝛeuented inthe iournepof Guiana 

100 3 it was, J knom not, but Morequito fo; a time dillembled his diſpolition, luk⸗ 

fered Spanpards, and a frier ( which Berreo had lent to diſcouer Manoa) to traucll thozow his 

— Gauethert a guive for of ciuill and apparelled people, 
krom whence they had other guides to bring them to Manoa the great city of Inga: and being 

Cen o pany · furnithen with thole things which they had learned of Carapana were of mot pice in Guians, 
Aas t sone onward, and in clenen Dapes urtlutd at Manoa,as Berreo affirmerh for etiteine: a 


Sir Wai 


——— 
coulp not be 


ö tolde me tha 


up very greg 
ben ih 
ipezcople of 
from them te 
newesio Be 
Imp ſelfe fj 
was exetute 
to be reueng 
Orenoque, 
thought him 
name, and h 
pected, fo a 
ſuſpition of 
quito offere 
Guianian,b 
ene cuted, 
After the 
uers pꝛiſone 
king ok Acor 
ſtanding and 
niards ledde 
tueene pisic 
fop an hun dz 
omni 
romaia,hatt 
bis aer 
krom thence: 
ted teu Spa 
bis people, th 
tonumoditike 
1. 


han, of mh 


| Mavs awros 
bup women; 


thꝛee op four 
ſome what m 
ing a mato of 
garita in the 

The matt 
thence with 
one as well fe 
many ok then 
rade in thole 
and fell it at! 
and thole bed 
niards vſe to 
meanes of wl 
and kniues, E 
divers birdes 
niich tc leuie ſ 
hauing lent di 
doubted not b 


ſhent, and th 
tobis ſonne in 


* * peed 
r Ralegh, 
ntrante noꝛ con · 
tabalipa, Picar. 


Cortez was vic: 
r enterpziſe, and 


en bis pꝛedetelloz 
ards the Cali (es 
the counrrey full 
ile, ſubtill, and 
e was ſent hy his 
» AND was bred at 
nany Lyatutans, 
lad to Marganta 
led with victuall 
e difftrence of the 
ziſtians, and euer 
„Carapana kept 
502 Canibals his 


weeks, and from 
ereok; but being 
en he had renew 
pk Spaine as from 
him vpon the firt 
» AND by the bran: 
ts to conduct hin. 
e relation to Don 
hes of Guiana, he 
pana, and ſo into 
rouifions necella: 
e in Trinid ach and 
ts to diſcouit the 
them to his party 
t be relieued with 
ito, aſluting them 
dwelling was but 


ft loꝛds op kings of 
Margarita, inthe 
rfuch other things 
duernours of thole 
uernour of Cuma- 
ants and images of 
nagnificeute of El 
luer Guiana, not 
signed beloze that 
nice into that terri⸗ 
ſed with More qui· 
horcl his lignozie, 
Vides gouernout of 
ab gotten Trinidad 
> iournrpof Guiana 
his diſpolition, ſul⸗ 
o trauell thoꝛow bis 
appatellev people, 
of Inga : and being 
oft price in Guians, 
ectteine: an 


; eh ing ma⸗ 
up very great aud rich, and (as he ſayd) built like the townes ol Chniltians, wuh manp eee 


Wbentheſe ten Spaniards were returned, andreasy to put aut of the bozder of Aromaig, Aromas 


the rople of Morequicofet vpon them, and flew them all but one chat (wam the riuer, and cooks 


Orenoque, and thoꝛow the territozieg ok the Saima, and Wikiri, recauered umana, where bee kur- and Wi. 
1 iti, 


thaught bimfelfe very Cafe, with Vides the gouernour. But Berreo fending fo bin ithe kt 
9 755 mellengers linding him in the boule ok one Faſnardo on the (oobi . 1 ba 
pected, ſo as he could not then be conueyedatuap , Vides durſt not np him Reinga the 


quito offered Faſhardo the weight of thꝛee quintals in golde, to let him efcan peo en 
Guianian, betraped on all fives, was deliuered to the campe-mattcr of Borsco,anpinas pelentip 
erecuted, eee le date 
Akter the death of this More quito, the louldiers of Berreo ſpoiled his terrüchie ‘ aud tooke bis 
uers prifoncrs, among others they tooke the uncle of Morequito, called Topiawari, mig is nom 
king of Aromaia (whaſe lonne J brought wich me into England), and is a man ae Were 
landing and policy: he is aboue an hundzed peeres olde, and pet of aberp able body. The S 
niards ledde him in a chaine leuenteene dapes , and made him their guide from place to place bes 
tweene his countrey ¢ Emeria, the pꝛouinte of Carapana afozeſapd, and he was at laſt redeemed 
foz an bun dzen plates of golde, and divers loues called Piedras Hijadas, 09 Spleene- tones. 
Mow Berreo fo; executing ot Aore quito, and other crueleies, ſpoiles, aud laughters dan in A- 
ros loſt che loue of the Orenoqueponi,and of allthe bozderers, and dare not lend any of 


luſpition of the pꝛactile, as alfo foz that an holp father was Maine bp SaaS Ea bse Morequito exes 
ted. 


bis (ouloiers kürther into the land then to Carapana, which he called the pozt of Guiana : but & 
from thence by the heſpe of Carapana he had trade furtherinto the countrey, and alwayes ay goin⸗ Carta 


teb teu Spancards ta rellde in Carapanas tune. bp whore faucur, anv bp being conducies bp 7 
bis people, thale ten ſearched thecountvep thereabouts, alwell fo) mines, as for other trades and 


tommodities. 


Hs ache gotten ancybeto of Morequito, whom thep baue Chpittened, and named Don 
Juan, of hom they haue great bope, endeuouring by all meanes to ltabliſh him in the ſayd pes 


wince. Among many other trades , thole Spaniar ds led canoas to pale to the riuers of Bare- 
ma, Pawroms, & Diflequebe, which are on the South fine of che mouth ok Orenoque, and there Some ewe 
bup Women and childzen from the Canibals, which are of that barbarous nature, as they will fox 
thyee op koure hatehets (ell the lonnes and daughters ok their owne brethren and fitters , and fop, t10 in Pie 
ſomewhat mope,cuen thetr owne daughters. Pereokthe Spantardsinake great ppofit : for buys ebe 


ing a mato of twelue o2 thirteene peres fez three oꝛ foure batchets, they fell them againe at Mare 
garita in the Welt Indies fo2 fifty auu an bundzed pez os, which is ſo many crownes,. 
The mater ol my ſhippe, Iohn Dowglas , cooke one of the canoas which came laden from 
thence with people to be lolne, andthe nia ok chem elcaped; pet ok thole he bꝛought, there was 
oneas well fauoured, and as well ſhayed as euer J la any in England, and afterward J fat. 
manp of them, which but foz their tawnie colour map be compared to any of Europe, They alſo 
nade in thole riuers fo. bead of Caffaui, ot which they buy an hundzed pound weight for aknife, 
ano fell it at Margarita foztenpezos, They alſo recouer great fore of Cotton, Bꝛaſill wood, 
and thole beds which they call Hamacas 03 Bꝛaſill beds, wherein in hot countrepes all the Spa⸗ 
niards vſe to lie commonly, and in no other, neither did we our lelues while we were there. Bp 
meanes ok whichtrades, koz ranſonte of diuers of the Guianians and fo exchange of hatchets 
ind knines, Berreo recouered ſonie {tore of golde plates, eagles of golde, and images of men and 
divers birdes, and diſpatched his campe-matter foꝛ Spaine, with all that hee had gathered, there⸗ 
wicht leute louldiers, and by the (ete thereof to daaͤwothers to the laue of the enterprife, And 
hauing lent diuers images alwell of men as bealls, bitds ¢ liches, la curiouſſy wpougijc in gold. he 
doubted not but ta perlwade the king to peeld to him (ome further helve , efnectally fo; that this 
land path neuer beene larked, the mines neuer Wrought, and in the Indies their works were well 
bent, and the golde dzawen out with great labour and charge. He allo diſpatched meſſengers 
his fonne in Nucuoreyno to leuie all the forces be son eee the riuer Orenoque 
to 


Spaniards 


“Ge TheEnglith Voyages Nauigatons Sir Walter leh 
“Baa Def Voyages Nen ge le 


to Emeria, the pꝛouinteol Carapana, to mect him: he had allo fent to Saint Iago de Leon onthe 
toaſt of the Caracas, to buy hoꝛſes and mules, 

Atter Ahan thus learned of his proceedings patt and purpoted, Atold him that J had reſolun 
tu ler Guiana, and that it was the end of my inurnep, aud the caufe of my comming to Trinidad, 
as it was indeed, (and fop that purpoſe J fent Tacob Whiddon the peere befope to get intel. 
gener with whom Berreo himſelfe hav ſpeech at that time und remembzed hob inquifitine Iacob 
Whigden was e and of the countrep of Guiana) Berreo was fricken into, 
great metancholy and Caonetie, and vled all the arguments he could to dillwade me, and allo aſſ 

cen the gentlemen of my company that ie would be labour loft, and that they ſpould ſuffer many 

miſeries ir thep pꝛocerved. And firkt hedelinereo that J couly not enter anp of the rivers withy 
vn barked e, orhacnly with any thips boat, it was footw, andy, and full of ats, an tx 
his compan een in their canoas, which drew but twelue inches water, Her 
het ter tat none br che countrey would come to {peake with vs, but would all llie; anni 
an ompr to their dwellings, they wauld burne heir owne townes: and helldes thar ty 
Was tong, the Minter at hand, and that the riuers beginning once to lwell. it was impolini 
to sherweheedrrelie and that we could not in hole (mall boats by any means carp victuall fop bale 
the time; aud that (which indeed mot dilcouraged my company) the kings and 1070s of alr 
borversof Guiana hab decreev that none ok them cheuld trade with any Chꝛiſtians for golde, te: 
tauſe the fame would be their owne ouerthꝛow, and that fo the loue of gold the Chꝛiſtiane nem 

co cone dter and dilpoſkelle hem of all togerber. 

Muß ad the motk of thele J forms to be true but pet J refoluing to make triall of all why: 
ſoeuer d. directed captaine George Gifford my vite- admirall to take the Lions wehe, 

Ederiwerot and eiptäme Calfield his barke to rurncto the Cullwendagainteche mouth of arte calleyCs, 
pars Ble erm bew beloze ſent captaine Whiddon, ànd Iohn Dowglas the mater, vil 

cotter; who kound lome nine foot water oꝛ bettet vpon the flood, and five at low water, to whony 

bad intkructlons that they ſhould anker at the edge of the ſoald, and vpon the bet ofthe 
flood to thrutt ouer, which thoald ohn Dowglas bivoped aud berkonedkoz them before: butthep 
{abouren in vaine; for neither could they turne it vp altogether lo karre to the Cat, nather vid 
the llood continue lo long, but the water fell per thep could haue palled the lands; as bet after 
found by a letond experience: ſo as now wee mut either gine ouer our enterpꝛiſe, oy lezuing aur 
chips at abuenture foure hundzed mile behinde vs, mutt run vp in our chips boats, one barge, md 
two wheries. But being doubt full bow to carp victuals fo} ſo long a time in ſuch bables, oy any 
frenath of men, eſpecially for that Berreo alſured bs that bis ſonne muff be by that time come 
powne withmany ſoulviers, J (ent awap one King, matter of the Lions whelpe, with bis thip: 
bogt, to trie another bꝛanch of a riuer in the bottome of the bay of Guanipa, which was called A. 
mana, to pꝛtoue it there were water to be found fo? either of the mall chips to enter. But when 
he came to the mouth of Amana,be found it as the relt, but ſtaped not to dilcouer it thoouulp, be 
cauſe he was aſſured by an Indian, his guide, that the Canibals of Guanipa toutpallaile them 
pce canoas, and that they thot poiloned arrowes; fo ag ik he hatte not backe, they chould 
all be loſt. 

In the meane time, fearing the woop, J caufen all the carpenters we had, to cut vonne 402. 
lego boat, which we meant to cat off, and to fit her with banks to row on, and in all things topyes 
pare her the belt they could, ſo as the might be bꝛought to dꝛaw but flue foot , fo; fo much we had 
on the barre bf Capuri at low water. And doubting of Kings returne, I ſent lohn Dowglasa 
gaine in my long barge, al well to relieue him, as alfo to make a perfect fearch inthe bortome ol 
that bay: for it hath bere held fop infallible that whatfocuer chip oz boat Mall fall eherein, cannes 
uer diſemboque againe, by realon of the violent current which letteth into the ſapde bay, as alfo 

iia to that the bꝛize and Eatterlp winde blo weth directly into the fame, Ok which opinion J haut 

date bebe heard lohn Hampton of Plymmouth,one of the gteatett erpertence of England, and biuers other 

945 — . belides that haue tradedto Trinidad. f 

Lorin des vot · A lent with lohn Dowglasanolve caſique of Trinidad foꝭ a pilot, who tolde bs that we could 

N returne againe by the bap oz gulle, but that he knew a by · bꝛanch which ran within the land to 
the Eallward, and that he thought by it we might fall into Capuri, and fo re tune in foure dapes. 
lohn Dowglas ſearched thoſe ruers, and found foure goodly entrances, whereol the leaſt was 
as bigge as the Thames at Woiwich ; but in the bap thither ward it was foals, end but ſire Foot 


water: foras we were now without hope of any hip 0p barke to pale ouer, and therefoderekvlutd 
to go on with the boats, and the bottome of the Galego,tn which we thut Go men. An the Lions 


whelps boat ¢inbery we cavied 20, Captaine Calfield in bis wherp cariedten moꝛe, and is 


Sir Wal. 
— 
berge other t 
moneth in the 
taine Gifford 
ry, with all t 
Butthead Ge 
taine Thin, u. 
Keymis, Ed 
Facy, Ierom 


wut learne ol 


pollible foꝛ v. 
Douer and C 
were Dyiuen 
Guanipa, an 
had laſt vifee: 


noque, bet h 


from the ſayd 
to bꝛing me ii 
ignozant, fo 
of no iudgem 
in that labyꝛi 
palt ebbing at 
the like confi 
fo faire and la 
bpthe Sunne 
were alſo car 
high trees, 8 
But this it c 
her of the Rec 
tlventiethof ¢ 


ane, which (1 


grote the riu 
with a doubtf 
feiucn that w 
lt of the car 
ted to traffiqt 
we tame wit 
great riuer. 

s we abe 
their village 
and kom the 
with bim inal 


kered ta lay ba 


nian ok ours h 
wlot being au 
ther being the 
large, krpint 


75 vn 
ter Ralegh 
go de Leon onthe 


hat J had refolury 
ming to Trinidad, 
efoze to get intel 
v inquiſitiue lacob 
bas ſiricken into, 
4 me, and alfoaty: 
would ſuffer many 
kthe riuers with 
illok flats, and ihn 
inches water. her 
ould all flie; andi 
md beſides that ye 
l, it was impolſiit 
y victuall fo half 
and lords of allthy 
fians fo2 golde, te: 
© Chrittians meant 


e triall of all tofu 
the Lions w hehe, 
kariuer called cr. 
is the maſter, tovit: 
b water, to whon 
bpon the belt ofthe 
em before but they 
e Catt, neither vio 
ds; as wer after 
nile, op leauing our 
ats, one barge, ano 
ſuch bables, opanp 
by that time come 
elpe, with bis thips 
Ubich was called A. 
Center, Put when 
uer it thou up, be 
would aſſaile them 
t backe, they could 


to cut downe a Ca. 
in all things topyes 
, fo fo much we had 
It lohn Dow glas a. 
ch inthe bortome ol 
fall therein, cannes 
ye ſapde bay, as allo 
Wich opinion J haue 
nd, and divers other 


hoe vsthat we could 
an within the land to 
urne in koure dapes. 
hercof the lealt wa 
ait, and bur fire foot 
d therefore reſolued 
men. In the Lions 
en moze, and inn 

barge 


U 


eee eS 
barge other tenne, which made vp a hunden: we had no other meanes but to carp victuall fora 
moneth in the lame, and alſo to lodge therein as we could, and to boile and dꝛeſle our meat, Caps 
tune Gifford had with him matter Edward Porter, captaine Eynos, and eight moe in his whe⸗ 
ry, with all their bictuall, weapons, and pꝛouiſions. Captatne Calfield had with him my coufin 
Butſhead Gorges, a" eight moze, Inthe gallep, of gentlemen and officers my elle had cap⸗ 
taine Thin, my coufin iohn Greenuile, my nephew lohn Gilbert, captaine W hiddon, capte ine 
Keymis, Edward Handcocke, captaine Clarke, lieutenant ewes, Thomas Vpton, captaine 
Facy, Ierome Ferrar, Anthony Welles, William Conuocke, and aboue fifty moze. Wiecouls 
not learne of Berreo any other way to enter but in baanches, fo farre to wind · ward, as it was ims 
polſible forbs to recouer: foꝛ wee had as much fea to croſſe auer in our wherieg, as bet weene 
Douer and Calice, and in agreat billow, the winde and current being both very lirong, ſo as we 
were diiuen to goe in thole {mall boats directly before the winde into the bottome of the bay ol 


Guanipa, and from thence to enter the mouth of fame one ok thoſe riuers which lohn Douglas Che bay of 
ud laũ viſcruered, and had with vs foꝛ pilot an Indian of Barema, a riuer tothe South ok re- Cn. 


noque, betweene that and Amazones , whole canoas we bad formerly taken as hee was going 


from the ſayd Barema, laden with Caſſaui- bead, to fell at Margarita. Chis Arwacan pꝛomiſed Barema 


to bꝛing me into the great riuer of Orenoque, but indecd af that which he entred he was vtterly 


ignopant, fo2 he had not ſeene it in twelue peeves before; at which time he was very poong, and 


ol no iudgement: and if God had not ſent vs another helpe, we might haue wandzen a whole pere 
in that labyꝛinch of riuers, yer wee had found any wap, either auto in, eſpecially after wre were 
pal ebbing and flowing, which was in foure dapes; fo; A know all the earth doeth not peelde 


the like confluence of ſtreames and bꝛancbes, the one crolling the other lo many times, and all 850 
fo faire and large, and lo like one to another, as no man can tell which to take: and ik wee went ſtreames. 


bythe Sunne oz Compaſle, hoping thereby ta gor directly one way ax other, pet that way wer 
were alſo caried in a circle amongſt multitudes ok Aſlands, and euery Bland ſo boꝛdered with 
high trees, as no man coulde fee any further then the bꝛedthof the riuer, oz length ol the bꝛeach. 
But this ie chanced, that entering into a riuer (which brraule it bad no name, wee called the tte 


met ol the Red eroſſe, our ſelues being thetic Chriſtuans that euer came therein) the two and Che ruer ot 
twentiethol ap, as wee were rowing vp tte fame, wee efpied a ſmall canoa withthꝛee Fife VE Red croſte, 
ans, which (by the lwiftneſſe ol my barge, rowing with eight dates) Nouertdoke yer they could 


trolle the riuer, the ret ok the people on the'banks ſwadakmed under the thicke wood, gazedon 
witha doubrkull conteit what might befall thole thzee which we bay taken. But when cheyper⸗ 
Seiucd that we offered them no violence, neither entred theincanoa with any of ours, no; tooke 
out of the canoa anp of theirs, they then beganne to ſhew themlelues on the Hanks five, and offe⸗ 
rtotratlinue with vs kon fuch chingsas they had. And ng wer mew neere, they all tapes, and 
ne came mithour barge cathe mouth ok a little creeke which came from their towne inca the 
aM 7159 eee 5211 5 19151 


great riuer: as i FAIA MY n ese : 

As Weahopedhere a tulle; our Indian pilot, caller Perditando, would needs goe athore'ts 
thelk village, eaketch fomeferics, and coppinke of their arcifictalt wines, zd alla to (ee che ptace, 
and kuom the loon of it againſt another time, and Cooke wich him a bꝛother of his, which hee had 


witb bim inthaiourney : lnhen they came enthe billege ußthetepeople, the 100 of the Alo ⸗ 
nn nine dretsboss) recto Convene ovine 


dian ok ours had bought a ſtrange nation into their territory, to ſpoile and demtiꝝ chem, Mut the 


wlot being quicke, and ob gh nigpolen bony, flipt their Angets) andran into eh wob bx; ‘any bbb 


er being the better kootman of the tuo, recoueren eheoesckes mouth „ tobere we ſtaye vin dur 
large, crping out that his bmther was ſiaine: with than weſet hands on due olthem that was 
Art bs abematde man. and hrougbt bim into the Large, ali ing hum that umi han not sat pilot 
againe, we Wawlarpaelenstn tauft bis bean. (Ebisotne man bring reſclüevthat he ſhould püpthe 
bse of the geber cried out to thaſe in che wadds ta ſaus Benlinando dur pflor; but then fuld wed 


binnotwithdauding and hunted after him spon the fone wich the Deote. dogges, aud with ſo 


nine a cule; that all che wonds echoed with the Hout they mand vut at the laltthis pooze chaſed 
tecpuered the tiuer oe andes von a tree and an tre coating, leaped downe and 
nne rothe barge halfe dend with feare. But our gto apt mas that He kept the other lve 
Audi which we hundfaſtedto redeeme our pilot withallz £op, hott natural of thoſeriuerg, ue 
Ard er eines hee hnel the way betten chen any ſtranger could. And innerd, but fo this 
hance, Athinte ue bannguer found the wapgitherkaGuianzz op backe co but ihtps: fox Ferdi- 
nando afters few dapes knew nothing at all, noꝛ which wan to turnt yen and many times the old 
man himſelke was in great doubt which riuer to ere which orwell in thele . 
ti Hh 2 illandg 


Sir Walter Ralegh. Traffiques & Difcoueries.. ae ey 


aL —U—— . DHſ——— m — — — 
644 TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, Si Halter Ralegh. Bt Sir Wa 


Se {lands and ppowues lands, are generally talled Tivitiuas; there ate al them iwo forts, the ent tb eriuer bo 
wallop Conan, called Cia wani, ann the other Waraweete, rp dap ftron 
and Ware. The great riner of Orenoque 0) Baraquan hath nine branches which fall dut on the oy, pay, and vf 
Mveteiption Ade ot bis otune maine mouth: on the South five it hach leue n other failings into the fea, ſo it di anid (0 to tu 
riueroforeno- embanueth bn ſixterne armes in all,bertocene lands and bꝛoken ground, dut the Pandy are very wee diuen 
reg rg. great, manp of them as bügge as the Ille of Wight, and bigger, andmany lefle, From the firg all; and ou 
branch on the Noth to the la of che South, it is at leaſt 100 leagues, fo ap the riutts mouth ſhould euer 
300 miles wine at his entrance into the ſea, which J take to be farve bigger then that or Amazo. infiue degr 
nes. All tboſe that inhabtt in che mouth of this riuer vpon the ſeuerall North brauchen, are thet The kur 
Tiuitiuas, of which there are two chiefeloyos which haue continual artes one wich che other, grew weal 
Cbe Flands which lie on the right hand, are called Pallamos, aud the land vn the left, Horcto. tanne moze 
maka, and the riuer bp which lohn Dowglas returned within the land from Amana to Capur, Gifford an 
they call Macuri. : nnd dilcom 
inet mene Theſe Tiuitiuas ave abverp goovlp people and verp valiant, and haue the moſt manly (perry MR more to att. 
Ratet, unn mo peliberate that cuer A heat, of Won nation (ocuer. Au the Dimmer thep baue bouts wee were! 
an the ground, as in other places: in the tinter thep dmell ppun the teers, where ther builder banks of th 
axtifictall totones anv billages, as it is wpitten in the Sypanith tony of the Welt Indies, that thet were Cutfic 
people po in the low lands dere the guife of Vraba : fon betwseene Pay ¢ Deptember the riuerof fruits of th 
Orenoque rileth thirty foot vpꝛigbt, and then are thole ilands ouerflowen twenty foot high abou carnation, 
the leuell of the ground, ſauing Come few raifen grounds in che nindle of them: and fo this cane mixt, and 
they are inforced to liue in this maner. They neuer cat of any thing that is fet op ſowen: and we found b 
at home they vſe neither planting noꝛ other manurante, fo when they come abpoad, they refult i no bzead, a 
teed of ought, but uf that which nature without labant bringeth lozih. Chey ble the tops of Pil. verp hard c 
mitos fo; bead, and kill deere, fh, and pop ks, co the tett ok their ſultenance. They haue alſo mi Our old 
ny forts of fruits that grow in the woods, and great variety of birds and fowle. tolde vs, th 
And ik to ſyeake ox them were not tedious, and vulgar, ſurelp we law in thoſe patlages alve and leaue t 
ry rare colours and fozmes, not elſewere to be found; top a much as J haue either ivene op rean, wacas, wh 
Of thele people thole that dwel vpon the brenthen ol Orenoque, called Capuri and Macuieo, ded vs that 
are for the molt part carpenters ol canoas,fop then make the moſt and faireſt canoas, and ſtlihem heare this l 
into Guiana fin golve and into Trinidad fox tabacco in the txceſſiue taking whereof, they ercecd with himle 
all nations; and nor withſtanding the motſtneſle of the aire in which they line,the hardneſſe of tet we entredt 
diet, and the great labours they fuffer to hunt, lich and fowle foꝛ their liuin in all my life, either no victuall 
in the Indies ox in Europe, did I neuer behold a moze goodip 02 better faucured pecple cy amore anyowelli 
manip, They tere woont to make warre vpon all uations, and efpecially on the Canivals, foas houres mo 
none nurſt without a good ſtrength trade by thoſe riutrs: but of late thep are at peace with their for bee con! 
neighbours, all holving the Spaniards for a common enemp, Ciben their commmanoers die, with Cara, 
thep ble great lamentation, and when they thinke the flech of their bodies is putrilied, aud fallen grew to. 
from the bones, then they take vp the carcafe againe, and hang it in the caciques boule that died, moze. Ti 
and pecke bis (cull wich feathers or all rolours , and hang all bis golve plates abouttheboues of heart-brok 
8 bis armes, cbig bas, and legs. Thoſe nations which are called Arwacus, which dwell on the Wouth neee fopty 
ab et ould of Orenoque, (of which plate and nation our Indem pilot was) art viſperſev in many other plas Ac thet 
que. ceg,and doe ule to beat the bones ol chetr lopbs to pomder, and their bolurs and friends pyinkett bp night, b 
allinebeit ſeuerali cats of drin. b was as bar 
D Ader we departen from the port of theſe Ciawani, wet vp the riuer with the flood, ced lde rofive 
anbered the ebbe, ann in this fort we went onward. The third dap chat we entred the river, dur coucred the 
Galley came on grove ann ftucke fo falt, as we thought thot cuen there our Difcouery bap ended, made but a 
and that we mutt baut left foureſerxe and ten of dur men to haue inhabited like rocks vpentrtes wight and! 
wich dbole nations: but the next mating, alter we bad caft out ail her ballatt, wüthtugging end pak to 
palling to afro, we got ber eflote, and went on. At fouredapes end wee fell into as geovlye are OB 


rinet an ence J bebelp, which was called Whe great Amana, which ranne more direttly wüheut 45 one a 
windingy and turnings then the other : but loone after the flood of the fea left bs and beingits the villag 
Coreen either by maine ttrength to roto agent a violent current, of to terarne as mise as be bum ble 
out, we had then no thife but to perſwane the companies that it was but two orthreedapes tub pke, pine 4 


anp therefore Defired chemto takepaines, tuery gentleman ¢ others taking their turnes torol, 
année fyetl one the other atthe heures end. Euctp vay we palled bp geodir anche ren. wynmuee 
Conte Falling kom ebe Cen, others krö the Catt inco Amana, but chte 5 izeuctorhenetcipan gren tye | 


as his cano: 


inthe Cart of dilconerp where eucry one (halbe namen with bis riffing and del ent. ben thee 


Dayes more were OuSTgOne, our companies began to deſpaixe, the weather bei. g W fi, hennes 


ter Ralegh, 
ino forts theone 


l out on the Nun 
into the lea, ſo it dil 
the Hands are very 
eile, From ihe frg 
the riuers mouthis 
yen that or Amazo. 
baanches, are thele 
one with the oihtt. 
nthe left, Horoto. 
| Amana to Capuri, 


mali manlp (perrp 
zer they haue heult 
here they build vin 
ft Indies, that thot 
ptember the nur of 
enty foot high abou 
n: and foz this canſe 
fet oz ſowen: and 
broad, they vefuleto 
pole the tops of Pal. 
They haue alfoms 


e. 

thofe paſſagt ole 
either ene op reap, 
apuriand Macureo, 
canoas, and ſelihem 
whereof they exteed 
the hardneſſe of their 
in all my life, either 
med pec ple cya more 
nthe Canibals, ſo as 
re at peace with their 
eit commanders die, 
pucrified, aud fallen 
ques boule that died, 
es about the boues of 
bdinell on che Mouth 


e inmanp other pu | 


and friends winke it 


er with the flood, ad 
entred the riuer, out 
diſcouerp hap ended, 
like rooks vpen tries 
Mt, wirhtugging and 
e kell to as grödlyt 
moze dirertly wubeut 
lekt vs; and being ine 
he a Wifeas we went 
onthꝛet dayts wont, 
pe ee 

ianche Sst Ni 3 
its hebel 
del ent. ben thee 
eg tren He 


———ͤ 


Sir Walter Ralegh. Traffiques & Difcoueries. 


the river boꝛdered with very high trees, that kept alway the aire, and the current againſt vs eue · 
day ſtronger then other: but we euermoze commanded our pilots to pꝛomiſe an ende the next 
pay, aud vled it fo long, as we were dꝛiuen to allure them from foure reaches of the riuer to thꝛee, 
and fo to two, and fo to the next reach: but fo long we laboure d, that many vapes were (pent, and 
wet dꝛiuen to dꝛawe our (clues to harder allowance, our bread euen at the laſt, and no dzinke at 
all; and out men and our ſelues fo wearied and ſcozched, and Doubefull withall, whether wee 
ſhould euer perfozme it oz no, the heat increaling as we dꝛew towards the line; ko wee were now 
fiue degrees. 
9 The . we went on (our victuall decrealing and the aire bzeeding great faintneſle) wee 
grew weaker and weaker, when wee had mot need ok ſtrength and abilicte ; for hourely the riuer 
ranne moze violently then other again vs, and the barge, wheries, and ſhippes boat of captaine 
Gifford and captaine Calfield, had {pent all their pꝛouiſions; fo as we were bzought into delpaire 
and dilcomfozt, had wee not perſwaded all the company chat it was but onelp one dayes wozke 
move to atteine the land where wee ſhould be relieuedok all wee wanted, and ik we returned, that 
wee were ſure to ſtarue by the wap, and that the world would allo laugh vs to ſcoꝛne. On the 
banks of theſe riuers were diners forts of fruits good to eat, flowers and trees of ſuch variety, as 
were fufficient ta make tenne volumes ok herbals: we relieued our ſelues many times with the 
fruits of the countrep , and lometimes with fowle and liſh. Eee faw birds of all colours, fome 
carnation, ſome crimfon, ozenge-tawnp, purple, watchet, and of all other ſozts both ſumple and 
mixt, and it was vnto vs a great good palling of the time to beholde them, belides the reliefe 
we kound by killing ſome fore of them with our kowling pieces; without which, hauing little oz 
no bread and lelſe Danke, but onelp the thicke and troubled water of the river, we had beens in a 
very hard caſe. 

Dut olde pilotof the Ciawani (whom, as I ſapd before, wee tooke to reveeme Ferdinando) 
tolde vs, that it we would enter a branch of a riuer on the right hand with our barge and wheries, 
and leaue the galley at anker the while in the great riuer, he would bring vs to a towne ok the Ar⸗ 
wacas, where we ſhould finde ſtoze of bzead, hennes, ſiſh, and ok the countrep wine; and perlwa⸗ 
Ded vs, that Departing from the galley at noone, we might returne yer night. J was verp glad to 
heare this ſpeerh, and pꝛeſently tooke my barke, wich eight mulketiers, captaine Giffords wherp, 
with himfclfe and foure mufketiers, and captaine Calfield with his whery, and as manp; and lo 
we entred the mouth ol this riuer: and bet auſe we were perl waded that it was ſo nere, we tooke 
no victuall with vs at all. MAhen we had rowed thꝛee houres, we maruelled we law no ligne of 
anp dwelling, and afken the pilot where the towne was: he tolde vs a little further. Akterthꝛet 
houres moze, the Sun being almoſt fet, we hegan to luſpett that he led vs that way to betray vs; 
for hee conkeſſed that thoſe Spanpards which fled from Trinidad, and allo thoſe that remained 
with Carapana in Emetia, were iopned together in ſome village vpon that riuer. But when it 
grew towards night; and wee demanded where the place was: hee tolde vs but foure reaches 
moze. Then we had rowed foure and foure, we ſaw no ſigne; and our pooze water men, euen 
heart-bꝛoken, and tired, were ready to giue vp the ghoſt: for wee had now come from the galley 
neere forty miles. 

At the laſt we determined to hang the pilot; and i wee had well knowen the way backe againe 
by night, hee hav ſurely gone; but our owne neceflicies pleanen ſufficiently fo his lafety: fop it 
was as darke as pitch, and the riuer began lo to narrow it ſelke, and the trees to hang ouer from 
ide toſide, as wee were dꝛiuen with arming l woꝛds tu cut a paſſage thozow thoſe branches that 
touered the water. Tice were very deſirous to finde this towne, hoping oka keaſt ‘ecaufe wee 
made but a hort bꝛeakekalt aboozn the galley in the mogning , and it was nom er locke at 
night, and our fomacks began to gnawe apace: but whether it was bet to returne 07 oe on, we 
beganne to doubt, ſuſpecting trealon in the pilot moze and moze: but the poore olde Indian euer 
aflure vs that it was but a little further, but this one turning and that turning: and at the laſt 
about one a clocke aktet midnight wee ſaw a light; and rowing to warde it, wee heard the dogges 
ok the village. Mhen we landed wee found few people; koz the low of that place was gone with 
Diets canoas avoue foure hundzed miles off, vpon a iourney to wardes the bead of Orenoque to 
trade ko golne, and to buy women okthe Canibals, who afterward vnfoztunately paſled by vs as 
wer rode at an anker in the poꝛt of More quito in the darke ofthe nigbt, and pet came ſo neere vs, 

as his canoas grated againt our barges: he left one o his companp at the port ot More quito, by 
whom wee vnderſlood that hee had byoughe thirty pong women, diuers plates of golde, and had 
great tore of fine pieces of cotton cloth, and cotton beds. In his houle we had good ſloze of bread, 
lh, hennes, and Indian dzinke, and lo reſted that night, and in the mopning after we had a 
Hhbb 3 wit 


645 


They are in 
fine degrees, 


646 TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations,Sir Walter Ralech, Sir Malte, 


1 eee ee 
with ſuch of his people as came Downe, we returned towards our gally, and brought with vs ſome asif we waded t 


quantity of bꝛead, fich, and hennes. home ward the ve 
1 mol beanti · On both ſides ot this riuer, we paſſed the moſt beautifull countrey that cuct mine eyes beheld: ris but not Ingen 
TUICOUNECEP. and whereas all that we had (eene before was nothing but woods, prickles, buſhes, andthornes, adi(couerp ot the 
here we beheld plaines of twenty miles in length the gralle hore andgreene, and in diuc ro parts dell pꝛolite of far 
groues of trees by themſelues, as il they had becne by all the arte and labour in the woꝛld ſo made J could haue reti 
of purpole: and Mill as we rowed, the deere came vowne feeding by the waters ſide, as it they had prefent pꝛolit. 
beene viento a keepers call. Upon this r uer there were great ſtode ol fowle, and ol many loys: Chis Arwaca 
we ſa in it diuers forts of ſtrange fithes,and of maruellous bigness but fo? lagarcos it ercecncy, them to ſome 
for there were thoulands of thole vgly ſerpents; and the people call it fog the abundance of them, towards Guiana 
fee The riuer of Lagartos, in their language. J had a Negto a very proper poong fellow , who lea that we were me 
Ciscod ping out of the gallepco lwim in the mouth of this river, was in all our fights taken and deudurtd that wee gaue th 
wich one ol thole lagartos. In the meane while vur companies in the gally thought we hav bene them, thep be gat 
all loſt, (for wee piomiſev to returne before night) and lent the Lions whelps ſhuppes boat with conkeſled) tooke 
captaine Whiddon to follow vs vp the riuer; but the next day alter we had re wed vp and donne ing of their owne 
ſome foureſcoꝛe miles, we returned, and went on our wap, vp the great riuer; and when we wert pefore the Maiel 
euen at the laſt caſt for want of victuals, captaine Gifford being before the gallep and the tell one oz ether, by v 
the boats, feeking out ſome place to land vpon the banks io make fire, elpied foure canoas com: des, and had me 
mug downe the riuer; ¢ with no mall top cauled his men to trie the vttermoſt of their Urengihs, mong vs withou 
and after a while two of the foure gaue ouer, and ranne themfelues athoge, euery man betaking Nothing got v 
dimſe lle to the faſtneſle of the woods, the two other leffer got wap, while he landed to lay holde from any of the 
wo cane n theſe; and lo turned into ſome by creeke, we knew not whither, Tloſe canoas that werety ment, no any m 
— ken, were loaden with bread, and were bound fop Margarita in the Welt Indies, which thole In: fo contrary to th 
2. dians (called Arwacas) purpofento carp thither foʒ exchange: but in the leſler there werethhte her Paieſtie, wt 
SAKA Zpanpat ds, who hauing heard of the defeat of their gouernour in Trinidad, and that we puto sation, 
fed to enter Guiana, came away in thoſe canaos :one of them was a cauallero, as the captaneof But J confer 
the Arwacas after tolde vs, another a ſouldier, and the third arefiner, ling, when wee t 
In the meane time, nothing on the earth could haue bene moze welcome to vs, next vnto gold, dian interpreter: 
then the great ſtoze ot very excellent bread which we found in theſe canoas; lo now cur nun cri ought were (toler 
ed, Let vs goe on, we care not how farre. Alter that taptaine Gifford had brought the two ca- theit light. oz elſe 
noas to the gallep, I tooke my barge, and went to the banks five with a dozen ſhot, wi ere the ca· Thep al ſo mu 
noas firſt ranne themſelues aſhoze, and landed there, fending out captaine Gifford, andtaptaine dad, fo; thep wer 
Thyn on one hand, and captaine Calfield on the other, to follow thoſe that were fled into the wondered more) 
woods: and as I was creeping thopowehe buſhes, J lawe an Indian batket hidden, which was amd Fleete had g 
She en therefiners balket; for I found in it his quick - liluer, ſait- peter, and diners things ſoꝛ the triall of After we had 
Father g ober metals, and alſo the butt of (uch ore as he had refived, but in thole canoas which efcaped there was meate, J gaue on 
things taken 9 good quantity of ore and gold. I then landed moze men, and offered fiue hund ꝛed pound o what taped, and when 
ſouldier ſoeuer could take one of thoſe thꝛee Spanpyards that we thought were landed, But our Martin) I ſent 
labours were invame in that behal le; fox they put themſelues into one of the [mall canoas: and gaue them both f 
fo while the greater canoas were in taking, they eſcaped. But lecking after the Spanpards, we them wrote a lett 
found the Arwacas hidden in the woods, which we re pilots for the Spanpards, and rowed their on, with my ne wi 
canoas; of which J kept the chiefeſt fop a pilot, and caried him with me to Guiana, by whom 9 ground againe w 
vnderſtood where and in what countrey es ihe Spanpyards had laboured koꝛ golde, though 7 made ion, and lo lap ot 
not the fase know en to all: for when the {prings began to bꝛeale, and the rivers to raiſe then her then before , 
felues fo ſuddenly, as by no meanes wee could abide the digging of any mine, efpecially ſoꝛ that + hopes would hau 
Che rtchen the richeſt are defended with rocks of hard Tones, which wee tall the White ſpar, and that it res ftrength de we he 
ber wu the quited both time, men, and inu ruments fit fo2 (uch aworke, I thought it bet not to bouer thereas anato our great 
bite ar. huut s, leaſt if the fame had beene perteiued by the company, there would haue beene by this time long, which by 
many barks and ſhippes (et out, and perchance other nations would alſo haue gotten of ours for tended wherein t 
ptlots; ſo as both our ſelues might haue beene ppeuenten, and all our care taken fo2 grod vfage of terne them, afte 
the people bene vtꝛtrly loſt, by thole that onely reſpett pꝛelent pꝛonit, and uch violence o inſo· f offight,and the th 
lence offered, as the nations which are baꝛderers would haue changes their deſire of dur loue and Fe ted out of fight 
defence into hatred and violence. And lo; any longer fap to haue bought a moze quantity Carapana, fop th 
(which J beare hath be ene often obiected) whofoeuer had ſeene oz pꝛooued the fury of that riuet in thoſe parts bei 
after it beganne to arile. and had bene a moneth and odde dayes, as we were, from hearing ought f Symiitds that t 
krom our thippes , leauing them meanly manned 400 miles off, would perchance haue turned dowue as the ope 


ſomemhat ſooner then we did, if all the mountaines had bene golde, op rich ſlones. And to lap the and wherries, we 
trueth, all the hnanches and (mall riuers which kell into Orenoque were raiſed with fuch * preter tolde them 


Ralegh, 
ish us ſome 


eyes beheld: 
and thozncs, 
Divers parts 
071d ſo made 
i ik they had 
many (opts: 
it excecded, 
nce of them, 
Ww ’ who leas 
ND deudured 
We bad bene 
hes boat with 
p and doune 
hen we wert 
nd the rel of 
canoas com 
ie lürengihs, 
dan Letaking 
d to lay holdt 
that were ta: 
ich thole Jn: 
re Werethree 
at we purpo· 
ye taptaneot 


re vnto gold, 
eur man cri⸗ 
t the iwo ca- 
where theca. 
andcaptaine 
e flcd into the 
1, which was 
0) the triall of 
ed there was 
ound to what 
d, But our 
canoas: and 
panparde, we 
) tewed their 
„bp whom 9 
ough J made 
o raiſe them 
cially fop that 
md that it ree 
houer therea · 
ebythis time 
en of ours for 
gcod lage of 
lenceoꝛ infor 
dur loue and 
ore quantity 
ok that riuer 
earing ougbt 
e haue turned 
And to lay the 
th fuch wap 


— ———— —— — 
Sir Walter Ralegh. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


—ů—ů— —— ae 
asif we waded them ouer the ſhooes in the moꝛming out ward, we were touered to the ſhoulders 
home ward the very fame day: and to Map to digge out gold with our natles, had hene Opus labo- 
ris but not Ingenij : ſuch a quantitie as would haue ſerued our turnes we could not haue had, but 
adiſcouerp ot the Mines to our infinite diſaduantage wee had made, and that could haue bene the 
heft profice of farther earch op lay: for thole Mines are not ealily Koken, nop opened in haſt, and 
7 . returned a good quantitie of gold ready caſt, ir J had not ſhot at another marke, then 
efent profit, 
1 Pilot with the rett,fearen that wee would haue eaten them, oꝛ other wile haue 


— — — at ety 


them to ſome cruel death (forthe Spaniards, to the end that none ol the people in the pallage The pant 


towards Guiana og in Guiana it felfe might come to ſpeach with vs, perſwaded all the nations, 
that we were men eaters, and Canibals) but when the pooze men and women had leene vs, and 
that wee gaue them meate, and to euery one ſomething oy other, which was rare and ſtrange to 
them, thep be ganne to conceiue the deceit and purpole of the Spaniards, who indeed (as they 
confelled) tooke from them both their wiues and daughters dayly, and vſed them for the ſatiſky · 
ing ol their owne lutts, eſpecially fuch as they tooke in this maner by ſtrength. But Ipꝛoteſt 
belode the Maieſtie of the lining God, that J neither know noꝛ beleeue, that any of our company 
one op ether, by violence oz other wife, euer knew any of their women, and pet we ſaw many buns 
p2e08, and had many in our power and of thofe very pong, and excellently fanoured, which came ac 
mong vs without deceit, ſtarke naked. 

Nothing — vs mode loue amongſt them then this vſage: for J luffered not any man to take 
from any of the nattons fo much as a Pina, o; à Potato roote, without giuing them content⸗ 
ment, Nop any man fo much as to offer to touch any of their wines oz daughters: which courte 
fo contrary to the Spaniards (who tyzanntze ouer them in all things) dzewe them to admire 
her Paleſtie, whofe commaundement J tolde them it was, and allo wonderfully to honour our 
nation. 

But J confetle it was a very impatient wopke to keepe the meaner ſozt from ſpoyle and teas 
ling, when wee came to their houles: which becauſe in all Icoulde not pꝛeuent, J cauſed my Ju⸗ 
dian interpreter at euerp place when wee Departed, to knowe of che lolle oy wrong done, and ik 
dught were ſtolen oz taken by violence, either the lame was reſtoz ed, and the partie punihed in 
their light. oz elſe was paped for to their vttermoſt demand. 

They alſo much wondered at vs, after they heard that we had llaine the Spantards at Trini- 
dad, fo; they were before reſolued, that no nation of Chriftians durſt abide their pꝛeſence, and they 
wondered moze when J had made them know of the great oucrehrow that her Maieſties armie 
ad Fleete had giuen them of late peeres in their owne Countreps. 

Alter we had taken in this ſupply of bꝛead, with diuers baſkets ok rootes which were ercellent 
meate, I gate one of the Canoas to the Arwacas, which belonged to the Spaniards that were cts 
caped, and when J had dilmilſed all but the Captaine (who by the Spaniards was chꝛiſtened 
Martin) I ſent backe in the ſame Canoa the olde Ciawan, and Ferdinando my firtt Pilot, and 
gaue them both ſuch things as they delired, with Cufficient victuall to cary them backe, and by 
them tote a letter to the hips, which theypꝛomiled to deliuer, and perfozmed it, id then J went 
on, with my ne we hited Pilot Martin the Arwacan : but the next oz ſecond day after, wee came a⸗ 
ground againe with our Gallep, and were like to catt her away, with all our vicuuall and pzoui⸗ 
lion; and lo lay on the Cand one whole night and were farre moze in deſpaire at this time tofree 
her then before ,becaule wee had no tide of flood to helpe vs, and therefore feared that all our 


+ hopes would haue ended in mithaps : but we faſtened an ancker vpon the lande, and with maine 


ttength dꝛe we her off: and (o ihe fifteenth day wee diſcouered afarre off the mountaines of Gui- 
ana to our great ioy, and towards the euening had a ſlent of a Moztherly winde that ble we very 
trong , which bꝛought vs in ligbt of the ? Niuer Orenoaue ; out of which this Riuer vile 
tended wherein wee were: wee delcried ar ce off thꝛee other Canoas as farre as wee could deſ⸗ 
terne them, after whom wee haſtened with our barge and wherries, but two of them paſſed out 
delight, and the chirde entered vp the great Riucr, on che right bande tothe Meſtward, and there 
ltaped out of fight, thinking that wee meant to take the way Cal ward towards the prouince of 
Carapana, fop that way the Spaniards keepe, not daring to goe vpwards to Guiana, the people 
in thole parts being all their enemies, and thoſe in the Canoas thought vs to haue bene thofe 
Spaniards that were fico from Trinidad, and han eſtapen killing: and when wee tame ſo farre 
Dole as the opening of that branch into which they llipped, being neere them with our barge 
and wherries, wee made after them, and ere they coulde land, came within call, and by our inter⸗ 
bpeter tolde them what wee were, wherewith they came backe willingly aboꝛd vs: and of is 


arde diutuſh 
lies, 


A notable 
conr(e of 


hep come on 
ground wi 
their gallp. 


. „ eee eee 
648 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Sir Walter Ralegh, 


lich and Tortugas egges as they bad gathered, they gaue vs, and promiled in the mogning to bung 
the Loꝛd of that part with them, and to do vs all other feruices they tould. 

That night we came to an antker at the parting of the tice goodly Riuers (the one was the 
vo byanches Riuct of Amana by which we came from the J2opeh, and canne athwart cowards the South, ihe 
W, dtber two were of Orenoque which rolled from the TWiet and ranne to the Sea towardes the 

Cath) and landed vpon a faire ſand, where wee found thoulands of Toniugas egges. which are ve · 
ry whole lome meate, and greatly rettoping, fo as our men were now well filled and highly con: 
tented both with the fare, and neereneſle of the land of Guiana which appeared in igt. 

In the moming there came downe accopding to pꝛomiſe the Lond ot that bopver called Tops. 
rimaca, with Come thittie o; ſourtie followers , and bought vs diuers ſoꝛts of ſruites, and of hig 
wine, bread, lich, and fleth, whom wee allo featted as wee could, at lea wee Dpanke good Spani(h 
wine ( whercof wee bad almall quantitie in bottles) which aboue all chings tber laue. J toni 

voparimaca, ged with this Toparimaca of the next way to Guiana, who conducted our gallep and boates tu 
bis owne port, and caried vs from thence ſome mile and a halke to his Totone, where fome of 
our Captaines karouſev of bis wine till chep were reafonable pleaſant, fop it is very frong with 
pepper, and the iuice ol diuers hearbes, and fruites digeſted and purged, they keepe it in great 
earthen pots ol tene oꝛtwelue galons very cleane and lweete, and are themſelues at their mee: 
tings and feattes the greateſt karouſers and bpunkaros of the woꝛlo: when wee came to his wine 
wee found two Caſiques, whereok one was a (tranger that hab bene vp the River in trade, and 
his boates, people, and wife incamped at the port where wee anckered, and the other was of that 
countrep @ follower of Toparimaca : they lap each of them in a cotten Hamaca, which wee call 
Hralill bers, and two women attending them with fire cuppes and a little ladle to fill them, out 
of an earthen pitcher ol wine, and lo they dꝛanke each of them three of thoſe cups at a time onen 
the other, anv in this lot they dine dzunke at their leaſtes and meetings. 

That Caſique that was adranger hab his wife Raping at; the pot where wee anckered n 
in all my life J haue ſeldome ſeene a better fauoured woman: Shee was ok good Mature, with 
blacke eves, fat of body, of an excellent countenance, her halre almolt as long as ber ſelle lied vy 
againe in pretie knots, and itſeemed thee ftood not in that awe ok her hul band, as the reit, lo thee 
ſpake and vifcourteD, and danke among the gentlemen and Captaines, and was very pleafant, 
knowing her ane comelinelle, and taking great pride therein. Ahaue bene aLavpin Eng. 
land fo like to her, as but ko; the difference of colour, J would haue wozne might haue bene 


the fame, 
The lect of this Towne of Toparimaca was vetp plealant, Canding on a little hill in in cx 
tellent pꝛolpect, with goodlp gardens a mile compatte round aboute it, and iwo very faire and 
Te tome ot latge ponds of excellent lich adtopning, This towne is called Arowocai: che people are of thenas 
Tors. ion called Nepoios, and ate followers of Carapana. In that place A fate verp aged people, 
that wee might perteiue all their une wes and veines without anp fleſh, and but euen as acaſe coe 
Smet uered onely with Chinne, The Loyd of chis place gaue me an old man fo; Pilot who wasof great 
Tare Orenogue, experience and traueile, and knew the River molt perfectly both by day and night: and it ſhall bee 
requilite to; any man that palſeth it, to haue ſuch a Blot, foz it is foure,fiue and fixe miles duet in 
many places, and twentie miles in other places, with wonderfull eddies and ſtrong currents mar 
ny great planad,and divers (holds, and manp Dangerous rockes and befives vpon any increateot 
winde lo great a bilowe, as twee were ſometimes in great perill of dꝛowning in the galley los the 
ſmall boates durſt not come from the ſboare, but when it was very faire, 
ber enter ide The next day we haſted thente, and hauing an Ealterly winde to helpe vs, we {pared our armes 
UES MED from rowing : foz after wee entred Orenoque, the Niuer lieth for the moll part Eaſt and Melt, 
Sat * euen fromthe Dea vnto Quito in Peru. This Riucr is nauigable with barkes, litte lelle then a 
Wen. thouland miles, ¢ krom the place where we entred, it map be lalled bp in finall pinneſſes to many 
of the belt parts of Nueno reyno de Granada, and of Popayan: and from no place may the cities 
oltheſe parts of the Indies be fo eallly caken and tuuabed as from hente. All that day wee falen 
( otat ppa branch of that River, hauing on the left hand a great plan which they call Affapana which 
‘ may conteine ſome fiue and twentie miles in length, and fire miles in bpeanth, the great booy ol 
the River running on the other lide of this pland. Beyond that middle banch tbere in alſo another 
Sheplanber pland in the River called Iwana, which is twile as bigge as the pleot Wight, and bepond it, and 
N detweene it and the maine of Guiana, cunnett a ehirde bench of Orenoque called Arraroopana: 
all thꝛee are gooblp branches, and all nauigable for great hips. J iudge the river in this placeto 
be at leall thirty miles ode, reckoning the plands which veuide the branches in it, lor afterwards 
J (ought alſo boch the other branches, aur 


trep appeart 
the little bar 


And it is mo 
torment that 
to inuentedt 


— | 
r Ralegh, 
loping to bung 


the one was ihe 
the South, he 
a towardes the 
8, which are ve · 
and highly con 
fight, 

er called Tops. 
uites, and of hig 
e good Dypanith 
laue, J conſtr - 
ey and boatesty 
e, where fome of 
perp ſtrong with 
keepe it in grea 
es at their mee: 
me to his wione 
iuer in trade, and 
other was of that 
a, which wee cal 
e to fill chem, on 
B at a time oneto 


ee anckered and 
DOD Mature, with 
ber ſelle, tied vp 
the rett,for ſhet 
as very pleafant, 
e Ladpin Eng. 
might haue bene 


ittle hill in an ex 
vo very faire and 
ople are of then · 
Nery aged people, 
euen as acalecoe 
Who was ol great 
pes andi heil bet 
fixe miles duet in 
ong currents, mu 
on any incvealeot 
the gallep fo the 


{pared our armies 
rt Catt and Melt, 
4, litle leſſe then a 
pinneſſes to man 
lace may the cities 
hat day wee failed 
ll Affapana which 
1, the great body of 
ere is allo another 
and beyond it, and 
Hed Arraroopana: 
tuer inthis placeto 
nit lo afterwards 


After 


Sir Malter Ralegh. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


Alter wee reached coche head of the plano , called Aflapana, a little to che Giettward on the 
right hand there opened a river wich came from the Moych, called Europa, and fel into the great 
Riuer, and beyond it on the fame lde, wee anckeren for that night, by another pland fire miles 
long, ano ta miles bpoaoe, which chep call Ocaywita: From hence in che mopning wee fan. 


649 


pe pie of 


der two Guianians, which wee found in the Cowneof Toparimaca, that came with v, whe O77"™ 


went to glue nocice of our comming to che L od of that countrey called Puryma,a follower of To- 
piawari, chlefe Lond of Aromaia, who ſueteeded Morequito, whom (as 25 haue beard before) 
Berreo put to death: abi towne being farce within the land, he came not vnto bs ty at day o as 
we anke rid agaiue that night neere the bankes of another pland, of bignelle nuch likethe other, 
which they call Putapayma ouex againſt which land on the maine lande, was ave moun: 
tame called Oe cope: we coueted to ancker rather by theſe plands iu the Riuer, then by the maine, 
becaufe of the Tortugas egges, which our people found on them in great abundance, and allo be · 
caule che ground ſerued better for vs to ca dur nets for lh the maine bankes being for ide mot 
partonic and high. and the rocks ol a blew metalline colour, ie vnto the belt ſleele · oe, which A 
alurcoty cake it to be: of the fame blew Mone are alſo diuera great mountainex, which border this 
tier in many places. 

The next morning towards nine of the clocke, wee weighed ancher, and the bri intresſing, 
we lailed al wapes Men vp the tiuer, and after a while oyening che land on the e, the coun · 
trep appeared to bee champo ne, and the bankes ſhe wer verp perfect ted. A therefoze (ene iwo of 
the little barges with Cap aine Gifford, and with him Captaine Thyn, Captaine Calfield, my 
cofen Greenuile, my nep / ew Iohn Gilbert, Captaine Eynus, Maſler Edward Porter, und my to · 
fen Butſhead Gorges, wth fore fewe ſouldiers, to march ouer the ban kes ol that red land, and to 
vifcouer duhat mauer ol conntrey it was on the ocher five oho at their returne found it all a plate 
leuell, as favre as they went oz could diſcerue, from the bighelt tree they could get yon t And my 
ald Pilot, a man of great trauell, brother to the Caſique Toparimica tolde mee, that thoſe were 
called che plaines of the Sayma, and that the Came leueil reached to Cumand, and Caracas in the 
Wet Indies, which are a humdzeth and twentie leagues to the Nozth, and that there Ahubited 
foure principal nations. Coe lirũ were the Sayma, the next Aflawai, the and greuteſt the 
Wikiri, by whom Pedro Hernandez de Serpa befoze mentioned was ouert wen, as hee palled 
with thzee hundhed bopfe from Cuman towards Orenoque, in his enterprise of Guiana: the 
fourth are called Aroras, and are as blache as Negros, but haue ſmooth halte, and thet ate very 


The ple of 
Putapayma, 


Sierls-oye. 


Che plaines of 


jayma ſtretch· 
4222 
c. 


Aromas @ 
people vſing 


baltane, oz rather deſperate people, and haue the mot urong poyſon 8.4 their arrowes and molt Prine 


— 5 of all nations, Of which popfon J will {peake lomewhat being a digreMon not vn · 
arp. ee i . 
“Shere was nothing whereof J was more curious, chen to finde out the true remenies of thele 
poploned artowes: fop-beflves the moptalitic of the woum th · y make, the partie — 
the mold ſufferable tozmeut in the toon, and abidetha moſt Ugly and lamentable death Toinee 
times bping Parke mas ſomtimes their bowels healing out of theit bellies: which are pꝛelentiy 
bifcoloured'as blacke as pitch, and ſo vnſnucy, as no man can endute to cure, o to accent chem. 
And it is nope ſtrange to know, that in all this time there was neuer paniard either by gilt oz 
ronment that could atteine to the true knowledge of the cure, although they haue martyꝛev and put 
* E Ne known not, 
onot thouſunos, but their apers and palettes, und 
e eens ‘ihe rg W 5 3 
Chole mevicines which are vulgar, an ſerue for the oz vinarie poyſon, ate made ol ei nice of 
aroote called Tupara: the Came alfo quencheth marueilouſip e treme and 
healech ſntogtd wounds, and broken beinen, that bleed within the bony, Was moje behol⸗ 
ding to the Guianians then any other: fo3 Anthonio de Berteo tulue mee that dee cuulv neuer at: 
tate to the knowledge thereot and yet they taught mee the belt wap or healing as well chertol, as 


bkall other popſons. Some ol the Bpantarvs haue bene cured in opdéudrp wounds al the cont: 8 


min popfoned arrowes tinh che tuice ol ganke: but this is a gener all tute fo? all men that 
hereafter tratie lthe Indies where poilo „ 2 


them but 


het againe neere the continent on the lekt band betweent end miouncaines, the one called Aroami, 
up the other Aio: Amade no ap here but oll mionighe; f02 J feared bourely W 
’ ould 


venemous ate 
ues, 


geod 


fopit they tede any litour into their body, as they Chall bet 1 mig . 1 
; 14 g 5 * eunto by king te be . 
r the . aston ep 20 55 at ip : 

f ; 1 : 4 Ded with = 
aud lo J will returne agatne to our tourney which ko) this thitve Dap we fini then,andcatt ant · — 5 


iy the gentlemen remei, thaſe that him Maine aud rosted out fo many of t 


( 


fue 


— p ß. 
650, TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, Sir Walter Ralegh, 
— . ͤ —Äé?V“ % ͤ 3 ⏑§NRñu;ʃ, tienes 


ſhould fall, and then it had bene impoltible to haue gone any further vp, notwithſtanding that there 
in cuery day a very Grong hize, and E aſterly winde. A vefercenthe ſearch of the countrep on Gui. 


annsfide, ili my return Downe the riuer. 


Che pls ot l: The next day we ſailed by a great pland in the middle of the riuer called Manoripano, andas 


wes welke a while on the pland, while the Galley got a head ok vs, there. came for vs from the 
maine a mall Canoa with ſeuen oꝛ eight Guianians, to inuite vs to ancker at their port, but J ve 
ferred till my returne; It was that Caſique to whom thale Nepoios went, which came with vs 
from the towne of Topatimaca: and fo the fift day we reached as high vp as the pꝛouince of Aro. 
mala the countrey of Morequito whom Berreo exetuten, and ankered to the Cleft of an plans 
called Murrecotima, tene miles long and fiue bond: and that night the Cafique Aramiary,(to 
whole towne we made our long and hungry voyage out ok the riuer ol Amana) paſſed by vs. 
be next dap wee arriued at the pope of More quito, and auckered there, fending away oneof 
our pilots to fecke the king of Aromaia,bucle to Morequito ſlaine by Berreo as afnpefain. The 
next day following hefe e noone hee came to bs cn foote from his boule , which was foureterne 
Englich miles (bimſelke being a hundꝛeth and tenne peeres olde) and returned on foote the fae 
Day, and with him many of the bogderers, with many women and chiloꝛen, that came to wonder at 
dur nation, and to being vs vowne victvall, which they did in great plentte, as veniſon, porke, 
hennes, chickens, Coule,fity, with viuers (opts of erceilent fruites and ructes and great abumbance 
of Pinas, the princes offruices, that grow vnder the Dunne. eſpetiallp thole of Guiana. They 
brought vs allo ttore of bead, and o€ their wine, and alot of Paraquitos,no bigger then mꝛenrer, 
and of all other ſoꝛts both ſwall and great: one of them gaue mee a beat called by the Sopaniarns 
Armadilla, which they call Caſſacam, which ſeemeth to be all barre puer with final plates ſome⸗ 
what like to a Rinoceros, with a white hoꝛne growing in his hinver parts, as bigge a great hun 
ting ame, which they vle to winde in lead of atrumpet. Monardus mpiteth that alittle ofthe 
*  potover of that hoyne put into the eare, cureth deakeneſſe. 11 155 111 
Acter this olde King had reſled a whitein alittle tent, that I cauſed ta bee fet vp, A beganne by 
my interpreter to Difcourte with him of the Death of Morequite his perberrſlour nb aten wird 
of the Opantards, and ere J went anpfarther Amade him know the raule ol my comming this 
ther, whole ſeruant A was, and that the Queenes pleafure taas, A would wndertake the vopage 
bor their defence, and to deliuer them from the twyannit of the Spaniarya; pilasing at large, (as 
A bad done before to thofe of Trinidad) her Matefties greatneſle⸗ her iullice, ber tharitieto al 


ver oppꝛeſlen nations, with as manp of the reſtol her beauties and vertues as either J cowl erprelie, 


0} they conceiue: all which being with great abmtkation att entiuely heard, aud marueiloully ave 
mired, A beganne to found the olde man as touching Guiana, and the Mate thereof, what foptof 
connnon wealth it was, how couccnen; ol what ſtrength and policie, we farre it extended, and 
what nations were kriendes oy enemies adiopning, and üinelip of the diſtance and way to enter 
che ſame r bee tolde mer that himlelke ann his people withall thoſe powne the Niuer towards the 
Des, as karte as Emeria, she. prouince af Carapana, were of Guiana; bye that they calleo theme 
leluen Orenoqueponis and that all tbe nations betweene the riner andthole moimtainez in abt 
called Wacarima, weceofite fame raſt and appellation: and that on the other ſide of thoſe moun⸗ 
taines ot Wacarimatheve toa a large plaine (which after J dilcouered la my returne) called the 
vollen of Amariacapaoa, in all that valley the people were nlfo of the ancient Guianians. 
Jelned What nations thole were inbich inhabitedon the farther five wftbote mountaines, bes 
pond the valley of Amariocapana: hee anfwered with agreat ſigb (ee, ayn fe Bich bad werd 
feelingof the lolſe ok bis Countrey and libertie, efpentally for that bis elneſt ſonne wagflaine ina 
bartell on that live or ehe mouneaines, whom bee motkeneirclp Ionen) chee ber rcamenibyed in big, 
fathers Wfetinte when bre was very ole, and bimelfe a pong man abt there came dune into 
chat lange valley of Guiana /f nation from {a farre off as the Bunne diept, (kon ſuch were his one 
wodes ) with fo gren a multitude as chen taulde not het numbzen nog reſiſted, and that then 
wore large costes, and buttes of crimlon colour, whit colour hee exprfted, by chewing a piece 


Ode of ib bub, her kwihmptent was fypported, Ang ha chen twereialted Orejones ano Eek 


sbeanciene people, as there were leaned, 
the won ponalt che trees, and bavmetvemnane chenletues L os oF al, euen fo chat mountaine, 


w. u. fte called Cunaa, Faling anely of stogmuasions, the-one called, Avyarawcaqueri, anv the oter 


Caffipagotos, and ect thelatt battell 38 een the e eee 
his elde fonue was thoſen to carry tu the sive of the Awarawequeriyé Fre td, a 
noqueponi, and was there Haine with all: bis people and friendes,and that bee had now remar 


ning but one lone: and farther tolde mee chat thole Epuremeĩ had built a great aa 


Sir Walter 

Macureguarai a 
which haue no ent 
inthe great King 
againtt them, ant 
ans offered tu inu 
with another , far 
of Caroli, called C 
fo a common ene 

Qfeer hee hava 
that hee was olde 
phꝛale: J belived 
that at my returr 
proutve foꝛ vs the 
rocotona his ot 
rp bot, the county 

This Topiaw 
behaued himſelke 
man of that graut 
bꝛeede. 

The nert mor 
mous River calle 
ſtoode it ledde te 
which are ſubiect 
other pland callei 
mouth of Caroli. 
wee heard the gre 
whitries thinking 
were nat able wit 
as bꝛoad as the T 
the River, ſo as v 
tame with vs kre 
there, and that tu 


chat River, maki 


uer fine that Mor 
Citie of Ings, a 
tame downe a L 
all fore of pꝛouiſi 
ming knowen to 
her Maiellie foz ti 
ok Guiana, and 9 
moſt ok all to the 
that on the head ol 
whence this Riue 
that all tboſe eithe 
entred the land ou 
pod things: het 
varre with the E 
{ubiects of Inga t 
Upon this ri 
luer Mine, andt 
hee Caroli, as 
poſſible by the tre 
thettreame, Set 
mytoſen Buiſhea 
land end tn goe to 
guides there, to ge 
pana, belongiug te 
Arromaia out chi 


Ralegh, 


that there 
pepon Gui. 


ano, and ag 
vs from the 
t, but I bes 
me with vs 
nee of Aro. 
of att pland 
‘amiary,(to 
by vs. 
aay one ot 
eſaid. The 
foureteene 
pte the fame 
o wonder at 
iſon, porke, 
t Abundance 
na. They 
en wzennes, 
Spaniards 
plates ſome⸗ 
a great hun 
little of the 


i beganne bp 
1D afterward 
emmug this 
ethe vopage 
at large, (as 
tharitietoall 
uld exprelie, 
ueilouſip ave 
what {opt of 
xtended, and 
way to enter 
‘towards the 
called them⸗ 
nines in bgbt 
thofe moun⸗ 
ne)t alle the 
Jans. 
unteines, bes 
yhad inward 
pan flaine in a 
enger in big 
ae downe into 
bete his owne 
and that then 
ewing a piece 
neß, and Fpu- 
ere leaned in 
at mounttine 
mo the other, 
warawaquert, 
pe of the Ole. 
now remay⸗ 


Tope called 
Mlacu- 


Sir Walter Rulegh. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 
Macureguarai at the ſaid mountaine foote, at the beginning of the great plaines of Guiana, 

which haue no ende: and that their houles haue many roomes, one ouer the other, and that theres 

imebe great Ring ofthe Orejones and Epuremei kept thꝛee thoulande men to defend the boꝛders 

agatntt them, and withall dayly to inuade and flap them: but that ok late peeres fince the Chriſti- 

ans offered tu inuade his territozies, and thole trontiers, they were all at peace, and traded one & 

with another, lauing onely the Iwarawaqueri, and thoſe other nations vpon the head ofthe riuer ꝰ 

of Caroli, called Caſſipagotos, which we afterwards bifcoucred,cach one holding the Spaniard 

fop a common enemie. i 

Akter hee had anlwered thus farre. he delired leaue to depart, laying that hee had farre to goe, 

that hee was olde, and weake, and was euery day called fop by death, which was alſo his olune 

phꝛale: I deſired him to reſt with vs that night, but J coulo not intreate him, but hee tolde mee 

that at my returne from the countrey aboue, hee would againe come to vs, and in the meane time 

pꝛouide fop vs the beſt he coul, of all that his rountrey yerlded: the fame night bee returned ta O- orotona bes 
tocotona his owne towne, fo as hee went that dap eight and twentie miles, the weather being bes e 
ry bot, the countrey being fituace bei weene koure and flue degrees of the Equinoctial, Kaliber as 

This Topiawari is helde for che pꝛowveſt, and wileſt of all the Orenoqueponi, aud ſu hee t. 

behaued bimlelfe towardes mee in all his anfweres at my returne, as J marueilen to finde a 

man of that grauitie and iudgement, and ok fo good dilcourle, that had no helpe ol learning noz 
bꝛeede. 

f The next moꝛning we alſo left the port, and Cailen Meltward vp to the Niuer, to vlem the fa⸗ 
mous River called Caroli, as well becauſe it was marueilous of it ſelfe, as allo fo that I vnder⸗ 

ftoode it lende to the Rronget nations of all the fronticrs, thut were enemies to the Epuremei, 

which ave ſubiects to Inga, Emperour of Guiana, and Manoas, and that night we anckeren at ane She yl of ca. 
other pland called Caiama, of ſome fiuc op fire miles in length, and the nert day arriued at the x 
mouth of Caroli. Ihen we were ſhoꝛt of it as lowe oz further downe as the port of More quito Cher atrtue 
meeheard the great roze and fall of the Riuer, but uihen wee came to enter with our barge and mer 
whitries thinking to haue gone vp fome fourtie miles to the nations of the Caſſipagotos, wee Caroli. 

were not able with a barge ol eight oares to row one Mones cak in an houre, and pet the Riuet is 

as bꝛoad as the Thames at Wolwich, aud wee tried both fives, and the middle, and euery part of 
the Riuer,fo as we incamped vpon the bankes adiopning, and ſent off our Orenequepone (which 

tame with vs from More quito) to giue know! ge to the nations vpon the Niuer ol our being 
there, and that wee deſired to fee che Loꝛdese nuria, which dwelt within the pꝛouinte vpon 


651 


BP that Riuer, making them know that we were enemies to the Spaniards, (fo; it was onthis Rie 


uer foe that More quito llewe the Frier, and thofe nine Spaniards which came from Manoa, the 
Citie of Ings, and tooke from them fourtie thoulande pezds of golde) fo as the next day there 

tame downe a Lom 03 Caſique called Wanuretona with many people with him, and bzought wenuretona, 
all Rope of pꝛouilions co entertaine vs, as the ret had done. And as had bekoꝛe made my come 

ming knowen to Topiawari, ſo dip A acquaint this Caſique therewith, and howe J was ſent bp 

her Maiellie for the purpoſe afozelaive, and gathered alfo what I could of him touthing the eſtate 

ok Guiana, and J founde that thoſe alſo of Caroli were not onely enemies to the Spantards, but 

moſt of all to the Epuremei, which abound in golde, and by this Wanuretona, J had knowledge 

that on the head ok this Riuer were three mighty netions, which were {eaten on a great lake from 
whence this River deſcended, E were called Caſſipagotos, Eparagotos, and Arawagotos, ann CP gere x. 
that all tboſe either againct the Spaniards, o the Epuremei would topne with vs, and thac il wee Arsene 
entred the land over the mountaines of Curaa, we ſhould ſatiſſie our ſelues with gold and allother theemighty 
good things: be told vs farther ofa nation calle Iwarawaqueri beoze ſpoken off, that held daplp onatake at the 
watte with the Epuremei that inhabited Macure guarai the firſt ciuill towne of Guiana, of the N 
{ubiectsof Inga the Emperour. yc) ee 

Upon this riner one Captaine George, that J tooke with Berreo tolde mee there was a great f 

luer Mine, and that it was neere the banckes of the laide riuer. But by this eime as well Ore. n great iner 
noque, Caroli, as all the reſt of the riuers were rifen foure 07 ſiue foote in height, fo ag it was not Ve. 
pollible by the ſtrength of any men, oz with any boat whatloeuer to rowe inte the Rinet againſt 

thettreame, I therefore (ent Captaine Thyn, Captaine Greenuile my nephew lohn Gylbert, 

my toſen Buiſnead Gorges, Captaine Clarke, and ſome thirtie ſbotte moze to toaſt the Niuer by 

land md to goe to a tomne Come twentie miles ouer the vallep teller Amnstapoi, aud they found Amamapoi a 
guldes there, to goe farther towards the mountaine foote to another great totune called Capure. . 
pana, belonging to a Caſique called Haharacoa ( that was a nephew to olde Topiawari King of 

Atromaia out chtefett friend) becauſe this to une and proutnce of Capurepana aviopned to Mae 
cureguarai, 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations,S ir V. alter Ralegh, 


Che ſtrange 
ouerfals of 
Caroli, 


A moſt bean · 


cureguatai which was a frontier towneof the Empire: and the meane while my ſelke with Cap⸗ 
taine Gifford, Captaine Calfield, Edward Hancocke,and ſome halle a doſen ſhotte marthed ouer 
land to vie we che ſtrange ouerkals ok the tiuer of Caroli which rozed fo favre off, and alfo to ſee the 
plaines adiopning, and the reſt of the pꝛouince of Canuri: I Cent allo Captaine Whiddon, Willi. 
am Connocke, ano ſome eight (hotte with them, to lee ik they coulde finde any Minerall fone a 
longſt the riuer fine, Tihen we were come to the tops of the firtt hilles of the plaines adiopning 
tothe riuer, we bebelde that wonderfull breach of waters, which ranne vowne Caroli: and might 
from that mountaine lee the riuer howe it ranne in ihꝛee parts, aboue twentie miles off, and there 
appeared ſome tenne oꝛ twelue ouerkals in light, eurry one as high ouer the other as a Churth· 
tower, which fell wich that furp,thac the rebound of water made it ſeeme, as il it had bene all toue · 
red ouer with a great ſhower of caine: and in ſome places wee cooke it at the firſt for a lmoke that 
Had riſen ouer Come great towne. oz mine owne part J was well perſwaded from thence to 
haue returned, being a very ill footeman, but che ret were all fo deſirous to goe neere the laide 
ſtrange ihunder of waters, as they dꝛew me on by little and little, til wee came into the next vals 
ley where we might better dilcerne the lame. J neuer ſaw amoze beautifull countrep, no; moye 
* iuclpprofpeces,bils fo raifenbere and there ouer the valleps, the riuer winding into diuers bans 
ches, the plaines aviopning without buth 02 ſtubble, all kaire greene gralle, the ground of hard land 
ealie to march on, either ko hole oz foote,che deere crolling in euerp path, the birdes towards the 
tuening Singing on euerp tree with a thouland ſeuerall tunes, cranes and herons ol white, crim 
fon, aud car nation pearching in the rivers five, the aire fret with a gentle Eallerly winde, any 
euerp ſtone that we ſtouped ko take vy. pꝛomiſed either golde o luer by his complexion. Pon 
Loꝛdſhip (hall (ee of many (opts, and 3 hope ſome of them cannot bee bettered vnder the Sunne, 


and pet we had no meanes but with our Daggers and fiugersto teave them aut here and there, the 


Abundanece 
of nunerall 
Spatre. 


Caffipa a great 
ake 


Ede rtuet of 
Atui. 


be riero ol Caroli and Atui au pland, which is like wile a mot beautifull tountrey. 


Atoica and Ca 
ora, : 


Awaipanoma a 
ſtrange pead: 
lelle 


rockes being mol hard ok that mineral Sparre afozelaide, which is like a flint, and is altogeihet 
as hardoꝛ harder, and beſides the veines lpe a falhome oztwa deepe in the rockes. But we wauted 
all things requllite ſaue onely our delires and good will to haue performed more ik it had plealed 
God. To be ſhozt, when both dur companies returned, each of them hroughe allo ſeuerallſogts 
of Cones that appeared very faire, but were ſuch as they found loo le on ibe ground, and were fox 
the mott part but coloured and had not any golde fired in them, pet {uch as han no tudgement n 
experience kept althat gliſtered, and would not be perlwaded but it was rich becaule of thelutte, 
and bꝛought of thole, and of Marqueſi e with all, from Trinidad, and baue deliuered ofthole 
ſtones to be tried in many places, and haue thereby bꝛed an opinion that all the reſt is of the fames 
pet fame ok theſe ones J thetwen afterward to a Spaniard of the Caracas, who tolde mecthatit 
was El Madre del oro, that is the mother of gold, and that the Mine was farther in the ground. 
But it ſhall be found a weake policie in me, cither to betray mp ſelfe, oz my countrep with inn⸗ 
ginstions, neither am Ao karte in lone with that lodging, watching, care, perill, vifcales, ill fae 
uours, bad fare, and manyother milchiekes that accompanp thele voyages, as to too my [lle as 
gaine into anp of them, were J not allured that the Sunne couereth not lo much riches in any 
part ok the earth. Captaine Whiddon, and out Chirurgion Nicholas Millechap bought ince a 
kinde ok ftoneslike Saphires, what they may pꝛoue J know not, A ſhewed them tu ſome of the O- 
tenoqueponi, and they zomiſed to being mee to amountaine, that had of them very large pieces 
growing Diamond wiſe: whether it be Chriſtall of the mount aine, Briſtol-Dia mondo Saphire 
FJ doe not pet know, but A hope the beſt, fuce A am that the place is as likely as thoſe from whence 
all the rich tones are bought, and in the lame height op berpneere, 
Onthe left hand of this riuer Caroli are ſeated thofe nations which are called Iwarawakeri 
fore remembzed, which are enemies to the Epuremei: and on the head of it adioyning tothegreat f 
Lake Caſſipa, are fituate thote ceber nations which allo refit Inga and the Epuremei,celled Caffe- 
agotos, Eparegotos, and Arrawagotos. J farther vnderſtood that this lake of Cafsipaisfo 
2 e, as it is aboue one vayes tourney koz one of their Canoas to crolle, which map bee lone kour⸗ 
tie miles, and that thercinto fell viuers riuers, and that great ore of graines ol gold are found in 
the Summer time when the lake kalleth by the banckes, in thoſe branches, 
There is allo another goodly riuer beyond Caroli which is called Arui, which alſo runneth 
thorow the lake Cafsipa, and falleth into Orenoque farther EClett making all that land betwoeene 
Mert vnto Arui there 
= are two riuers Atoica and Caora, ai vn that branch which is called Com, ates nation 
people. whole heads appeare not aboue their ſhoulders; which though it may be thought amerte 
bie, pet fo; mine owne part A am relolued it is true, betauſe cuerp cbilde in the prouincesot 
Arromaia and Canuri arme the lune: they are called Ewaipanoma; thep are ieee 


Sir 7 “alter 


— te 
haue their eyes in 
pong trame of bat 
which A bꝛougyt! 
and vle bowes, art 
aud that one ok the 
ppougye bim into 
doubt of tt, hee col 
and as common a 
of his fathers peo 
okthem till J wae 
might haue bꝛou 
witten ol by Mai 
Eaſt Indies were 
incredible: whet 
imaginattonzfoz r 
all combine, oꝛ fo 

Mhen I came 
ard dwelling not 
Gu ana and fo fa 
ſeene any of the E 
het man ok his v 
not name him be 
chetons ſonne of 

there in trade, w 

Che fourth r 
of Amapaia, and 
of Guiana froin | 
nauigable many 

thole tiuers fo? t 
Summer as tou 

leaues, but haue 

ripe fritite and g 

flowing of the ri 

pad our fill. ere w 

On the marti 

is the riuer ot Li 
beareth the nam 
women fog chzee 
to the Welt Indi 
and Caputi whic 
reyno de Grana 
wintered, and h 
Anebas. About 
ol thoſe towarde 
d Vbarro, and 
ca, Adiopning t 
onthe other five 
non 02 Amazo 
was flaine bp the 
bp the way of A 

Betweene D 
ahoue Meta (tis 


Ralegh, 


fe with Lap: 
narched ouer 
ilſo to ſee the 
ddon, Willi. 
eral Rone a 
es adiopning 
li: and might 
off, and there 
as a Church. 
jene all coue⸗ 
a ſmohe that 
m thence to 
cere the laide 
the next vals 
rep, no) more 
diuers ban: 
dok hard land 
3 towards the 
white, crime 
ly winde, aud 
exion. Dour 
rthe Sunne, 
and there, the 
is altogeiher 
ut we wanted 
it had plealed 
(cuerall ots: 
„and were fo 
tudgement oz 
eof the lullre, 
iuered ofthoſe 
is of the ame: 
de mee that it 
the ground. 

trey with ime 
vifeates, ill fae 
noo my felfe as 
h riches in any 
brought mee a 
ſome of the O- 
rp large pieces 
nd,o2 Saphire 
e from whence 


Iwarawakeri 
ing to the great 
ri called Caſſe⸗ 
of Caſsipa is ſo 
bee fome fours 
old are found in 


ichalfo runneth 
tlandbetweene 
vnto Arui there 
‘are a nation of 


houghtamene 


the mee 
are repozte 
fue 


Sir Walter Ralegh. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 
he their eye z in theit Mowlners , and their mouthes in the mivole of their breates , and that a 
bung trame of haire groweth backward betweene their houlderz. The ſenne ok Tepfawati, 
which J bꝛought with me into England told me that thep are che moſt mighty men ol all the land. 
and ule bowes, arrowes. and clubbes thꝛite as big as any of Guiana, q of the Orenoqueponi, 
aun that one of the Iwarawaketitocke a piſoner ot them the peere befope cur arriuall there, and 

ought him into the borvers of Aromaia his fathers countrep. And farther when J ſermed to 
doubt of it. hee told me that it was no wonder among them, dut that they were as great a nation, 
and as common as any other in all the pꝛouinces, anv had of late peeres llaine many hundzeds 
elhis kathers people, and ok other nations their neighbaurs, but it duns not my chante to heare 
okthem till J was come away Dil Ahad but ſpoken one wozve of ie while J was there, J 
might haue brought one of 3.» sith mee to put the matter out of doubt. Such a nation was 
witten ol by Mandeuile, wn cepozts were holden for fables many perres, and pet fince the 
Eaſt Indies were diſcouered, we lind his relations true of ſuch things as heretoloꝛe were held 
incredible: whether it be true oz no, the matter is not great, neither can there bee any pꝛolit in the 
imaginatton}fo} mine owne part J Caw them not, but J am reſolued that ſo many people did not 
all combine, 07 fozethinke to make the report, f . 

When I came to Cumana in the Weft Indies afterwards by chance Wlpake with a Spani⸗ 
atd DwetlAg not karre from thence, a man of great trauell, and after hee knew that J had bene in 
Gu ana. and fo farte directly Meſt as Caroli, the fir queſtion hee acked me was, whether A had 
fecne anp of the Ewaipanoma, which are tholꝛ without heads: who heing eſte emed a moſt ho⸗ 
ned man ok his word, and in all things elle, tolde mee that hee had ſeene many of them: I may 
not name him becauſe it may be ſoz his diſaduantage, but hee is well knowen to Monficur Mu- 
chetons ſonne of London, and to Peter Mucheron merchant of the Flemiſh ſhippe thar was 
there in ttade, who allo heatd what he auß wev to be true ok thole people. 

Che lourth r uer to the LAeſt of Caroli is Cafnero which kalleth into Orenoque on this lide he riner of 
of Amapaia, and that riuer is greater then Danubius, o; anp of Europe: it tilethon the South 
of Guiana froin the mountaines which deuide Guiana from Amazones, and J thinke it to bee 
navigable many hundzeth miles: but wee had no time meanes, nop ſeaſon ok the peere, to learch 
thole tiuers for the tauſes afore ſayd, tbe Minter being tome vpon vs, although the inter and 


leaues, but haue alwayes fruit either ripe oz greene, and mold of them both blollome, leaues, 
ripe krlute and greene at one time: but their Minter onelx conlilleth of terrible raines, and euer 
flowing of the tiuers, with many great ſtozime s and gultes, thunder and lighinings, ol which we 
dad our fill. ere we returned. „ a 

On the marth Give, the fick riuer that falleth into Orenoque is Cari, beyond it on the fame five 
is the riuler ol Limo, betweene theſe two is a great nation of Canibals, and their chiefe towne 
beareth the name of the riuer, and is called Acamacari: at this towne is a tontinuall market of 
women fo9 thace o; foure hatthets a piece, they are bought by the Ar wacas, and by them ſold ine 
to the Weſt Indies. Tothe Wek of Limo is the tiuer Pao, beyond it Catuti, beyond that Voari 
and Caputi which fallech out of the great tiuer ol Meta, by which Berreo deſtended from Nueuo 
reyno de Granada. To the Meſtward of Capuri is the pꝛouince of Amapaia, where Berreo 
wintered, and had fo many of his people popſoned with the tawny water ok the marthes of the 
Anebas. Aboue Amapaia toward Nueuo reyno fall in Meta, Pato, and Caſſanar. To the Edict C 
of thofe towards the pꝛouinces ok the Aſhaguas and Catetios are the riuers of Bera, Dawney, : 
d Vbarro and toward the frontier of Peru are the pʒouinces of Thomebamba, and Caxamal- 
ta, Adioyntug to Quito in the orth five of Peru are the riuers of Guiacar ant Goauar: and 
mu the other five of the layd mountaynes the riuer of Papamene which befcendeth into Meran - 


was laine by the teaptour Agiri befoge rehearſed, built his bzigandines, when he fought Guiana 

bp the wap of Amazones, int Air! ba! on 
Betweene Dawney und Betalyeth a famous Iſlanbd in Orenoque tot calle’ Baraquas (52 The Je at 

shout Meta it is not knowen bp the name of Orenoque) which is called Athule, beyond which, Barsqun, 

Sips ol burden cannot paile by reaſon of a mot forcible -onerfall, and eutkent of waters : bert in 

the eddy al (inaller veſſels map be dꝛawen euen to Peru it felfe : But to ſpeske ok moꝛeol thele ti⸗ 

nett wida the deltription were but tedious, and therekozt F wil leer the teũ to the drt rape; oꝛevoqve 

On, This tiuer of Orenoque is nauigable for ſhips little lee chen 1000 mes, and oy leſſer del mentp ner 


fo ladeth to the great empire of Inga, to the prowinces ol Amapaia, and Aue bas whith abound 5 
f lis in 


Hummer as touching colde and heate differ not, neither doe the trees euet ſenſibly tole their Canan. 8 


non 02 Amazones paſling thozough the pꝛouince Mutylones where Don Pedro de Oſua wha W 


les nette 2000. By it (as aforefayd) peru, Nueuo reyno, and Popaian, map be inuaded : it al- Srene ing? 


The Englith Voyages, Sir Walter Ralegh 


in gold: his branches of Cofnero,Manta,Caora deſtended from the middle land ¢ vallep, which 
lieth bet weene the eatter pꝛouinte of Peru aud Guiana; and it falles into the fea betweene Mz. 
rann om and Trinidad in cw degrees and a halfe: all which pour Honours ſhall better perceiue 
in the general de lexiptionol Guiana, Peru, Nueuo reyno the kingdome of Popayan,and Roidas, 
with the prouince ol Vene guela, to the bay ol Vraba, behind Cartegena Melt ward tand to Ams. 
zones Mouth ward. Civile we lay at anko? on che coaſt of Canuri, and had taken knowledgeot 
all the nations upon the head and byanchesof this riuer, and had found out fo many ſeueralpechle, 
which were enemies tu the Epuremei,and the new conqutrours: A thought it time loft to linger 
any longer in that place, eſpetially forthat the fury of Orenoque began daylp to threaten vs with 
bangers in our recurne fox no halte day palied, bur the riuer began to rage and ouerſlowe ven 
fearefullp.and the raines came Downe in terrible ſbowers, and guſtes in great abundance: any 
withall, our men began to crie out fo2 want of (heft, fo no man had place to beſtowe anp ohr 
apparell then that which be ware on bis backe, and that was thꝛougbly wathe on his boop fo) the 
mot part tenne times in one day : and we had now bene wel ncere a moncth,euerp Dap palling 1 
the Ieſtward farther and karther from our ſhipyes. ee therekoze turned towards the Eat, 
and {pent the rett of the time in dilcoueringthe riuer towards the fea, which we had not diet, 
and which was moſt materiall. 

Che nert dap following we left che mouth of Caroli, and arriued againe at the port of More. 
quito whert we were befoze fo; palling domi the Arzame we went without labour, and againt 
the winde little lelle then a hundzeth miſes a day. Alloone as J came to ankog, A Cent atwapone 
fox oloe.T opiawari, with whom J much deſiren to haue further conference, and alfo to dale 
with bim ſoz Come one of bis countrep, 20 bring with vs into England, as well to learne the lan 
guage , as to conferre mithall bp the wep, the time being nowe (pent ok any longer fap there, 
Within thꝛee houres after my mellenger came to him he arriued alfo, and with him {uch a rabile 
of all forts of people, and euerp one loden with ſome what, as ik it had beene a great market o; 

i laite in England: anꝭ our hungt y companies cluttered thicke anv theefold among their bafkers, 
We euern one laping hand on what be liked. After he had reſted a while in my tent, J chut out all but 
ter Ralegh with our ſelues, and my interpꝛeter, and told bim that 2 knew that both the Epuremei and the Spar 
Topiawetis oye niarbs were enemies ta him, his tountrey and nations: that the one had conquered Guiana al; 
brougheaua ready, and the other (ought to regaine the Came from ibem both: and therefore A deſired hinto 
Rogland, indruct me what he could, both of ihe pallage into the golden parts of Guiana, and Co the ciuill 

towues and apparellen people of Inga. Mee gaue mee an anſwere to this effect s Girl thathee 

could not perceiue that I meant to goe onward towards the citieot Manoa , lo; neither ihe time 

of the yeere ſerued, neither could hee perceiue ay p Cufficiene numbers fo; ſuch an enterpuize: 

and if A did, J was ſure with all my tompanp to bee buried there, fog the Emperour was ofthat 

ſtrength, as that manp times fo many men moze were too fiwe: beſides hee gaue mee this 

Counien tobe woop countell and avuiſed mee to holde it in minde (as fo hümſelke hee knewe, bee could not 

sbecconquets Line till my returne) wat J ſhould not offer by any meanes bereafter to inuade the trong perts 

elk Guiana without the helpe of all thoſe nations which were alſo their enemies: fop ihat it was 

impalſible without thoſe, either to bee conducted, tu be victualled, oz to haue oughtcaried with 

vs, our people not being able to indure the march in lo great heate, anp trauell, vnleſſe the bos 

derers gaue them helpe, to carte with them both their meate and furniture: Foz bee remembed 

that in the plaines ol Mecureguatei thꝛee hundzeth Spantards were ouerthꝛowen, who were 

tired out, and had none of the boꝛderers 20 their krienves: but meeting their enemies as they 

palled the frontier, wert enuironed on all Gives, and the people letting the long dꝛie grafleon 

fire, ſmoothered them, ſo as they had no breath to fight, nop could dilcerne their enemies fo 

the great (inoke, He told me farther that 4 daies iourney from his towne was Macuregustii, d 

Mecurtguarsi 5 that chole were the nert and mereſt of the ſubierts of Inga, and ok the Epuremei , aud the bill 
Scorn ef soume of appatelled ano rich people, and that all thole plates of gold which were ſcattered among 
rich and appa the bopderers and catied to other nations farre and neere, came from th. fayd Macureguarai 
elled and were there made, but that thole of the land within were karre finer , and were Falhioned af 
ter the iinages of men, beaſtes, birvs, and ſilhes. J afken him whether bee thought chat thole 
companies that bad there wich me, were luffitient to take that towne op no’ Ve toldmethet be 
thought they were. Athen albed him, whether be would alliſt me with guides, and fome compar 
nies of his peopic to ioyne with vs Oe aniweren that he would go himelke wich al the boꝛdererz, 
if the riuers did remaine looꝛdable, vpon this condition that A wouldleaue with him til my return 
againe ülty loulpierz, which hee vndertboke to victuall s Nanlwered that A had not aboue ffn 
don men in all there, the reſt were labourers and rowerp, x that A bad eee 


‘Sir Walte 


chem ol powder 
defence, they 
gfe the fame me 
motion Captai 
were defirous ¢ 
expected daplie 
front Nueuo re 
Caracas, two 
ad not any fo: 
yifton, either fp 
6 Mhen x | hat 
chen deſired me 
bee no ſooner t 
ftrop all the ren 
againſt them. 
We further! 
bis Nepbew N 
fore bee was ki 
papde an bund? 
nowe lince he b 
‘anv that they 
rence with the 
not lap handes 
Chrittened Do 
whom they ſeel 
one Louiana of 
olde and in the 
peeves: hee the 
in all the boꝛde 
timeok the pee 
growen ere ou 
De karthert 
ana, but that th 
in the warres ! 
daughters wer 
treaſure, fort 
tomplapned ve 


wont to haue te 


0} koure, and tl 
for women ther 
their owne bod 
ſcrength. Diu 
facke the Epur 
gold fop pou sf 
i for the recot 
Spaniards, th 
nations farthe' 

After J rect 
better aduice t 
pea oz no, if the 
not able to mal 


; 
‘Ralegh, 
——— 
vallep, whuh 
betmeene Mz. 
etter perceiue 
n, and Roidas, 
diand to Ama. 
knowledgeof 
ſeueralpecle, 
te loſt to linger 
peaten vs with 
uerflowe verp 
bundance: any 
owe any other 
is body fo» the 
Dap pafling te 
ards the Eil, 
AD not biewe, 


pozt of More. 
ur, and again 
Cent awapone 
nd alſo to deale 
learne the lane 
ger Hap there, 
n (uch a rabble 
reat market 07 
their bafkers, 
chut out all but 
and the Spas 
red Guiana als 
1 deſited him to 
nd to the ciuill 
: Girl that hee 
either the time 
an enterpzize: 
dur was ofthat 
gaue mee this 
hee could not 
he ong perts 
fop that it was 
rhe carien with 
nleſle the boy: 
ee remembzed 
ven, who were 
emies as they 
die graſſe on 
ir enemies fo3 
sureguarai, and 
i, and the firlt 
attered among 
Macureguaral 
re falbioned af⸗ 
ugbe that thole 
toldme that be 
wm forme compas 
thebozdererz, 
mil my return 
noc aboue fiftic 
ncoleane wih 
them 


| Sir Walter Ralegb. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


wem ol powder, thot ,apparell, op ought elle, and that without thole things necellarp fon their 


defence, they thoulo bee in danger of the Spantards in my abſence, who J knewe would 
pie the lame mealure towards mine, that J offered them at Trinidad: And although vpon the 
motion Captaine Calfeild, Captaine Greenuile, my nephem Iohn Gilbert and viutrs others 
were deſirous to Map, pet I was reſalued that tbey mutt needes haue periſhed, fo Berreo 
expected daplie a ſupplp out of Spaine , and looked alfo houre ly fo; bis fonne to come downe 
front Nueuo reyno de Granada, with manp hoꝛſe and foote, and had alſo in Valencia in the 
Caracas, two hundzeth hozſe teady to march, and J could nat haue {pared aboue loptie, and 
pad notany foe at all of powder, leade, oz match to haue left with them, noz any other pros 
nifton, either (pave, pickeaxe, oꝛought elſe to haue foztiſied withall. 

hen J had giuen him reafon that J could not at this tim leaue him ſuch a tompanie, he 
chen delired mee to fozbeare him and bis countrey fo2 that time, koꝛ he alſured mee that J ſbould 
bee no fooner thyce vapes from the coaſt, but thofe Epuremei would inuade him, and des 
ſtroy all the remaine of his people and kriendes, iłhee ſhould any wap either guide vs oz alli vs 


ainſt them. f 
be farther alleaged, that the Spaniards foughe his death, and as they had already murthered 
his Nepbew More quito loꝭd of that pʒouince, fo they had him ſeuenteene deyes in a chaine bee 
fore hee was king of the countrep, and ledde him like a dog from plate to place, vntill hee had 
payde an hundzeth plates ol golde, and diuers thaines of Spleen-Uones fox his ranſome: and 
nowe ſince he became owner of that pꝛouiuce, that they had manp times lapd waite totake him, 
aud that they would bee nowe moze vehement, when they ſhould vnderſtand of his conke⸗ 
rence with the Engliſh, and becaule, ſayd hee, they would the better diſplant me, ik they tan 
not lap handes on mee, they haue gotten a Rephem of mine called Eparac ano, whom they haue 
Chzinened Don luan, and bis ſonue Don Pedro, wham thep baue alſo apparellen and armed, by 
whom they ſeeke to make a partie againſt me in mine owne countrep: hee alſo had taken to wife 
one Louianaof a ſtrong familie, u hich are bozderers and neighbours, and my Celfe now being 
olde and in the handes of death am not able to trauell nor to ſhiſte, as when J was of poonger 
peeves: hee therefoze praped vs to dekerre it till the next peere, when he would vndertake to dam 
in all the boꝛdere rs to lerue vs, and then alfo it woulo bee moze leaſonable to trauell, fo at this 
time ok the peeve, wee ſhould not bee able to palſe anp riuer, the wacers were and would bee fo 
growen ere our returne. f 
be karther told me. that J conta not deſite ſo much to inuade Macureguati, and the reſt of Gui- 
ana, but that the boꝛderers would be moze vehement then I, for be peeled for a chiefe cauſe that 
in the warres with the Eputemel, they wert ſpopled or their women, and that their wiues and 
daughters were taken from them, fo as for their owne parts they veſired nothing of the golde oz 
treafure, fo; their labours, but onely to recouer women krom the Epuremei: fozhee farther 
tomplapned very fadlp (as it had beene a matter of great conſequence) that whereas they were 
wont to haue tenne op twelue wiueg, they were now infozted to content themſelnes with tee 
9} koure, and that the lozds ok the Epuremei had fifty oꝭ a hundꝛeth: And in truth they war more 
fon women then eliher Foz gold oz dominion: Foz the lopds of tountreys delice many childzen of 
their owne bodies, to increaletheir races and kinreds, forin thole conſiſt their greateſt truſt and 
Arength, Diuers of his followers afterwards deſired mee to make hateagaine, that they might 
locke the Epure mei, and J atked them ol whats They anſwerer of their women fo2 vs, andtheir 
gold fo? pon: fo the hope of thoſe many of women they more delire the war, then either foz gold, 
in lo the recouery of their ancient territopies, Foꝛ what betweenethe {ubiects of Inga, any the 
Spaniards, thoſe frontiers are growen tbinne of people, and allo great numbers are ſled to other 
nations farther off for feareofthe Spaniards, 
After F received this anCwere of che old man, we fell inte conſiderstion, wherhtr it had bene ol 
better aduite to haue entred Macureguarai,and to haue begun a warre vpon Inga at this time, 
pen oz uo, if the time of the peere, and all things elle had (opted, Foz mine otwne part (as we were 
hot able to marchit forthe tiuers, neither had anp ſuchſtrength as was requiſite, and durſt not 
abide the comming ok the Minter, oz to carte anp longer from our ſbips (A though it were euill 
counfell to haue attempted it at that time, although the deſire of gold will anſwere many obiecri⸗ 
onstbut it would haue bin in mine opinion an vtter ouerthꝛow tothe enterpꝛize ifthe fame ſhould 
be hertafter bp her Malelty attẽpted: fo; then ( wheras now they baue heard we were enemies to 
the Spaniards ¢ were Cent byber Maieſty to relieue them) they would as good cheap haue io yner 
the Spaniards at our teturne, as to haue peelded vnto vs, whe they had pꝛoued that we came 
plop one exrant, and chat both fought but to ſacke ¢ ſpoile F ae 
; ° st 2 


— Sa ga Rana. 


The Engliſh Voyages, Sir Malter Ralegh, 


great good 
{ed of therebp. L em allured nowe that ther twill all vie euen to the lan man againttege 
niardsin dope of our Cuccour and teturne: wtert as otherwiſe if A bad either lapd henden on the 
bopdtrers, o; tanſommev the loꝛds, as Berreo did, op inuaded the Cubiects of Inga, I know ill 
had beene loft fox hereafter, 
After that J hav refolued Topiawariio20 of Aromaia, that A could not at this time lente with 
hin the companies he delired, an that J was content ev to fopbeare the enterprise againſt the E. 
puremei till the next peace, be freely gaue me bis onely ſonne to take with me into England, any 
boped, that though bee bimfelfe had but a hort time coliue, pet that by our meanes his fonne 
Francis Sparrow, Iiuld be ellabliſhed after his death: and i left witbhim one Francis Sparrow, a ſeruant oc cap. 
taine Gifford, (ho was deſirous to tarie, and tould deſtribe a countrep with his pen) and a boy 
of mine callev Hugh Goodwin, to learne the language. J after alked the maner how the Epure. 
mei wzoug de thole plates of golde, and howe they could melt it out of the ſtone; hee tolde mee 
that the mol of the golde which they made in plates and images, was not ſeuered from the tone, 
Cde lane or hut that on the lake of Manoa, and in a multitude of other riuers they gathered it in graines of 
1 perfect gold and in peeces as binge as (mall Cones, ind that they put it to a part of copper. other 
wile they could not workeit, and that chep vſed a great earthen pot with boles round about t, 
and when they had mingled the gold and copper together they kaltened canes to the holes, annie 
with the breath of men they inctealed the fire till the metall ran, ¢ then they calf it into mois 
offtone and clay, and ſo make thote plates and images. J haue ſent your Ponozs of two lte 
ſuch as Z could by chance retouer, moze to ſhewe the mance ok them, then foz the value: fag 
did not in any ſon make my deſire of gold knowen, betaule J had neither time , top powerte 
haue a greater quantity, I gaue among them manie moze peeces of gold, then Areceiuet okthe 
new monep of 20 thillings wich ber Maieſttes picture to weare , with promile that they touts 
become her ſeruants thencefoopth, 
vet rich got A haue alſo ſent pour Ponoursof the ope, whereof A know fomeis as rich as the earth peels 
die. beth any, ol which A know there is {ufficienc, ic nothing elle were to bee hoped fo2, Put belines 
that we were not able to carrie and (earch chebils, fo we hav neither pioners, barres, lenges, nop 
wedges ofp ron to bꝛeake the ground, without which there is no Working in mines: but wee fate 
all the hilles with ones of che colour of gold ano filuer , and we tried them to be uo Marqveſte, 
and there faxe luch as the Spantards call El madte del oro, oz, Che mother of golu, whithis m 
vndoubted allur ante of the gent rall abundance; and my ſelfe law the outſide ol many miner al 
ck bi agi know to be the fame that all couet in this wozlo, and of chofe, more then A 
peake of, 

Hauing learned what J could in Canuri and Aromaia, andrecuiuen a Faithfull pꝛomiſe of the 
principallett of thole pꝛouinces to become feruants to her MPatettic , and to reliſt che Copeniarns, 
ffthep made any attempt in our ablence, and that they would maw in the nations about the lake 

Selens ot of Caſſipa, and thofelws-swaqueri, I chew parted from olve Topiawari , anv reteined bis 

ania foune fo2 a pledge berweene vs, and left with hun two of ours as aſoreſayd. Co Francis Spar- 

rowe J gaue inftructions to trauell to Marcureguarai , with ſuch merchandizes as A left with 

them, thereby to learne the plate, and if it were pollible, to goe on to the great titie of Manos: 

oute Which being done, we weped ankop,and coatted the riuer on Guiana five, betauſe wee came pon 
Sembübe. he Mozth five, by the launes of the Saima and Wikiri. 

There came with vs from Aromaia a Caffique called Putijma, that commanded the p20 
wince of Warapana, (tobich Putijma fete ihe nine Spaniards vpon Caroli befoye ſpobenol) 
who deſired bs to teũ in the Poyte ot bis countrey, omiſing ta Hing vs vnto a mountaine av 
iopuing to bis tone that had lones of the colour of golve, which ber perfourmen, Ano afs 
ter wee had reden there one night , J went my ſelle in rhe with mol of the Sentler 
men at my compang, auer lend tomarts the fain mountaine , by ariuers five calles 
Mana, leauing on the tight band a totune Called Tuteritana, ſtanding in the Pꝛouinte of Ta- 
racoa,of the which Wariaaremagoto is principal. Bepondit lieth mother towne towards the 
Mouth, inehe valley of Amatiocapana, which bearech rde name olthe ſayd valley whoſe plaines 
Arete tenaletnes lame rte miles tn engey, aft cr Mat, as faire ginn, ao ap been 


oes Ey oe 
SirWalter 
ficlos,as any man 
ind all as Full ot di 
bundante ol lich at 
From che riue 
tedout ſelues by 
undling vs fire w 
verp wette and he 
the mountaine cal 
af the great liches 
fome meate. But 
moje, J was no 
Shot to goe on, and 
repare, but to tak 
ca, tohere J pport 
and as they marc 
and marched fron 
the lame day to tt 
hand, a round moi 
From hence w 
ches ol tiuers wh 
wich the mounta 
Catricutrina. Cc 
deuideth it ſelfe i 
taptaine Henrie 
with mee captain 
owne barge, and 


Cararoopana, ! 


Eaſt ſea, as well 
lelle with Carap 
A came to the vit 
taptaine Eynos ¢ 
potone the rear 

In this bꝛanc 
fome of ten, and 
that fell into Ore 


top of the Capo 
tit fo impallabl 

Upon this rin 
ttep to a Coton ca 
allo offered to co 


Ralegh, 


f bee Maite 


athen to the 
z MUD theres 
F onco? tua 


Iindungera 
up be potle(< 
Spar 


Francis Spat 
18 Jlele wich 
ie of Maaoa: 
ce cumevpon 


dir alter Ralegh. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 


fins, as any man hath euer ſeene, with divers copfies ſcattered here and there by the riuers five, 
gp all as full of deere as any fopred oꝛ parke in England, and in euerie lake and riuer the icke a· 
dundanct ol lich and foule, ol which Itra parragota is 1030, 


From che river of Mans, we croft another riuer in the fain beautiful valley called Oiana, g te: O 


fiedour ſelues by a cleere lake, which lay in the middle of the {atv Oiana, and one of our guides 
Kabling vs fire with two ſtickes, wee Raped a while to dꝛie our ſhirts, which with the heate hong 
very wette and heauie on our (olvers. Afterwards wee fought the loꝛd to paſle ouct cowards 


chemountaine called Iconuri, where Purina fopctold vs ofthe mine. In this lake we labo one Jeg d 
great liches. as big as a wine pipe, which they call Manati, being moſt excellent and bole mon ercestene 
fome meate, But after J perceiued, that to palle the laid riuer would require halle a dapes march a 


more, J was not able my ſelfe to iudure it, and therefore J ſent Captaine Keymis with fire 
shot to ge on, and gaue bim order not to returne to the poztot Putijma, which is called Chipa~ 
repare, but to take leiſure, and to march downe the Capo valley, as farre as a riuer called Cuma- 
ca, here J pꝛomiſed to meete bim againe, Putijma himſelke promifing allo to bee his guide: 
ind as they marched, they left the townes of Emparepana, and Capurepana on the right band, 
ind marched from Putijmas houſe, downe the lad. valley of Amariocapana, and wee returning 
the lame day to the rivers five, aw by the wap manp rockes, like vnto gold oꝛe, and on the lelt 
hand a round mountaine which confitten of minerall fone, 

From hence we rowed downe the treame, coatting the pꝛouince of Parino: As for the bꝛan⸗ 
thes ol riuers which J ouerpalle in this dilcourle, thole thall be better expꝛeſled in the description 
with the mountaines of Alo, Ara, and the reſt, which are ſituate in the pꝛouintes of Parino and 
Catricutrina. Then we were come as karre down as the land called Ariacoa, (where Orenoque 
deuideth it ſelle into three great byanches, each ol them being molt goodly riuers) I ſent away 
taptaine Henrie Thin, and captaine Greencuile with the gallep, the neerett way, and tooke 
with mee captaine Gifford,captaine Calfield , Edward Porter, and captaine Eynos withmine 
ptone barge, and the two wherries, and went do wne that anch of Orenoque, which is called 


Cartaroopana, which leadeth towards Emeria the ppoutnce of Carapana, and towards the 


Eat ſea, as well to inde out captaine Keymis, home A had ſent ouer land, as allo acquaint my 
falle with Carapana, who is one of the gresteſt of all the loꝛds of the Orenoqueponi: and when 
I came to the riuer of Cumaca ( to which Putijma pꝛomiſed to conduct captaine Keymis) I left 
captaine Eynos and maſter porter in the ſayd riuer to expect his comming. ¢ th: delt of vs rower 
potune the freame towards Emeria. 


Imeria. 
In this bꝛanch calles Cararoopana were alfa many goodly Illands, ſome offire miles lang. 


ſome of ten, and ſome ol twenty. Mhen it grew towards lunne. let, we entred a branch of a riuer 


that fell into Orenoquetalled Winicapora: where I was enfopmen of the mountaine of Chꝛi⸗ wide gon. 


ftall , to which in trueth fo; che length of the wap, and the euill ſeaſon of the yeere, I was not as 


dle to march, nop abive any longer wpon the iournep: wee law it afarre off and it appeared like argen bur. 
a white Curch · tower of an exceeding height. There falleth ouer it a mighty riuer which tou⸗ an oi Water. 


cheth no part of the fine ol the mountaine, but ruſheth ouer the toppe of it, and fallechto the 
ground with fo terrible a noyſe andclamo), as if a thouſand great bels were knockt one againſt 
mother. J thinke there is not inthe woꝛld fo ſtrange an ouer- fall, noz fo wonderfull to behold: 


Berxeo told mee that there were Diamonds and other pꝛecious tones on it, and that they ht: wiamonds o 
ned very larre off: but what it bath J know not, neither durſt he oz anp of his men alcend to the . 
top ol the Capp mountaine, thoſe people adiopning being his enemies ( as they were) and the way 


toit fo impallable. 
this riuer of Winicapora wer reſted a while, and from thence marched into the coun: 
ttey to a town called after the name of the riuer, whereof the captaine was one Timitwara, who 


allo offered coconduct mee to the top ofthe layd mountaine called Wacarima: But when wee Warm 


tame in r to the houle of the ſayd Timitwara, being vyon one okftheir Capo kealt dayes, we found 
tyem all as dzunke as beggers, and the pots walking from one to another without reſt: we that 
dere weary and hote with marc bing, were glavofthe plenty though a mall quantitie ſatiſſied 
de heir dine being very ſtrong and headie, and fo reſted our lelues a while: after wee had kedde, 
ve den dur ſelues backe to our boats, vpon the riuer and there came to vs all the loꝛdes ofthe 
counttep , With ali Tach Kinde Of victuaſi as che place peeided, and With their delicate wine ut 
Pinas, and with abundance of hens, and other pꝛouiſions, and of chole tones which wee call 


Gee underſiood by the chiefetaines ol Winicapora, that their lo Carapana was departed 
from Emeria wich daa noh in ſight, x chat enen, 
113 


TheEnglith Voyages, Sir Walter Ralegh, 


of Guiana, auer the valley called Amariocapana, being perſwaded bp chole tenne Spaniards 
which lap at his bouſe, that we would deſirop him, and bis countrey. N 

But after theſe Caſſiques of Winicaporag Saporatona his follomers perreiued our purpole, 
and law that we came as enemies to the Spaniards onelp, and had not ſo much as harmed any of 
thoſe nations, no though we found them to be of the Spaniards owne ſeruants, they allured ys 
that Carapana would be as ready to ſerue vs, as any of the lopdsof the pꝛouinces, which we had 
palled; and that he durſt doe no other till this Day but entertaine the Spaniards, his countrep ly. 
oe in their wap, and next of all other to any entrance chat ſhould be made in Guiana on 
that five, f 

And they farther allured vs, that it was not fo feare of our comming that he was remoouep, 
but to be acquited of the Spaniards 02 anyother that ſhould come hereakter. Foz the pꝛouinte 
of Caitoma is ſituate at the mountaine foote, which deuideth the plaines of Guiana from the 
tountreys of the Orenoqueponi : by meanes whereot if anp ſhoulv come in our ablence into his 
townes, hee would ſlip ouer the mountaines into the plaines of Guiana among the Epuremei, 
where the Spaniards durſt not follow him without great force, 

But in mine opinion, o; rather J alſure my ſelfe, that Carapana (being a notable wiſe any 
ſubtil fellow, a man of one hundzed peeres of age, and therefoze of great experience) is remoourd, 
to looke on, and if he finde that we returne ſtrong he will be ours, ifnot, hee will excuſe his depar: 
ture to the Spaniards, and lap it was foz feare of our comming. 

Wee therefoze thought it booteleſſe to rowe fo farre downe the llreame, oz to ſeeke any far; 
ther of this olde for: and therefoxe fromthe riuer of Waricapana (which lieth at the enttante 
ol Emeria) we returned againe, and lelt to the Eaſtward thoſe foure riuers which fall from the 
mountaines of Emeria into Orenoque, which are Waracayati, Coirama, Akan ini, and Iparoma; 
below thole foure are alfo theſe bꝛanches and mouthes ol Orenoque, which fall into the Caft(ea, 
whereof the lirſt is Araturi, the next Amacura, the ihird Barima, the fourth Wana,the lift Moro· 
ca, the ſirt Paroma the laſt Wijmi: beyond them there fall out of the land betweene Orenoque 
and Amazones 14 riuers which J fozbeare to name, inhabited by the Arwacas and Canibals, 

At is nom time to returue towards the Porth, and wee found it a weariſome wap backe from 
the boꝛders ol Emeria, tu recouer vp againe to the head ofthe riuer Carerupana, by which we de⸗ 
ſcended, and where we parted from the galley, which J directed to take the next way to thepozt 
of Topatimaca, by which we entre lrſt. 

All the night it was ſtozmie and darke, and full of thunder and great ſhowers, fo as wee were 
dꝛiuen to keepe cloſe by the bankes in our {mail beats, being all heartilp afraid both of the billow 
and terrible curent ot the riuer. By the next moꝛning we recoueret the mouth of the riuer of Cu- 
maca, where we left captaine Eynus and Edward Porter to attend the comming of captaine Key- 
mis ouer land: but when wee entred the ſame, they had heard no newes ok his arriuall, which 
bzed in vs a great doubt what might become of him: J rowed vp a league oz two fartyer into 
the riuer, thooting ok pieces all the way, that hee might know ok our being there. And ihe next 
mozning wee heard them anſwere vs allo with a piece: weetooke them aboozd vs, and tooke 
our leaue of Putima their guide, who of all others moſt lamented our departure, and offered to 
fend his ſonne with vs into England, ik we could haue ſtaped till he had Cent backe to his towne: 
but our hearts were cold to behold the great rage and increale ol Orenoque, and therefoze de⸗ 
parted, and turned toward the Tiel, till we had recouered the parting of the thꝛee branches afoze 
layd, that we might put downe the ſtreame after the galley. 

The next day we landed on the Illandok Aſſapano (which deuideth the riuer fromthat beanch 
by which we fent vowne to Emeria) and there feaſted our ſelues with that beaſt which is calle 
Armadillapzeſented onto vs befoze at Winicapora, andt he dap following we recouered the gal 
ley at anko? at the poꝛt of Toparimaca, the fame euening departed with very foule weather and 
terrible thunder, and cho wers, foz the MMinter was come on very karre: the beſt was, we went no 
lelle then 100 miles a dap, dome the riuer: but by the way we entred, it was impolſible to re · 
turne: fo that the riuer of Amana , being in the bott ome ok the bay of Guanipa, cannot be ſayled 
backe by any me anes, both the bꝛie and current of the lea were lo forcible: and thereſoze wee kol⸗ 
lowed a bꝛanch of Orenoque talled Capuri, which entred into the fea Eaſtward of our chips, to 
the end we might beare with chembeforethe wind, and it was not without neede, fo; we had by 
that way as much to croſſe ot the maine (ea after we came to the riuers mouth as between Graue 
lyn and Douer, in ſuch boats as pour on. bath heard. 5 f 

Co ſpeake of what puſt home ward were tedious, either to deſcribe og name any of the riers, 
Allands, oz villages of the Tiuitiuas which dwell on trees: we will leaue all thoſe to the generalt 


— — 
Sir Mal 
mappe: and 
the bittereſt « 
tate eſtate: f 
leth into the ¢ 
ſoas wer 
neete as v.. 
linking, and 
take, either t 
lo; two leagi 
great a billo 
ries the woꝛſ 
Greeneuile i 
keeping , and 
dap-lights A 
courage , it] 
Trinidad, at 
pan, where 
full fight. 
Now chat 
the Sunne, i 
fewe wozdes 
couery A wil 
into Amana, 
tome of the b 
bite the riuer 
led Areo, wh 
kiri, whoſe c 
thele three b 
fo great abun 
the land. Gt 
ches ok Oren 
two caſtes ag 
one with ano 
On the bit 
tion called N 
capora and tl 
mariocapan: 
piawari, U 
inheritrix of 
ions of her 
and wonder 
the head of C 
tos. Right s 
ning to Macu 
mies to the! 
tions of Can 
as and Aneb⸗ 
Onthe jot 
tett before fp 
mouthok Ore 


Ralegh, 
ne Spaniards 


) out purpole, 
harmed any of 
bey alſure d vs 

which we han 
is countrep ip. 
e in Guiana on 


das remooued, 
2 the prouince 
ana from the 
bfence into his 
be Epuremei, 


able wile an 
) istemoouen, 
cute his depar: 


ſeeke any far; 
at the entrance 
b fall from the 
and Iparoma; 
o the Cattiea, 
be lift Mowo⸗ 
ne Orenoque 
) Canibals, 

ay backe from 
y which we de⸗ 
wap to thepozt 


o as wee were 
Hof the billow 
he riuerof Cu- 
Fcaptaine Key- 
arrival, which 
vo farther into 
„And ihe next 
bs, and tooke 
and offered to 
to his towne: 
dtherefoze dee 
manches afoge 


omthat bꝛanch 
which is called 
ered the gale 
le weather and 
8, we went no 
npollibie to tes 
nnot be ſapled 
refore wee kol 
of our ſhips, to 
fo) we had bp 
tween Graue - 


v of the riuers, 
tothe general 
mappe: 


Sir Walter Ralegb. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


muppe r and to be (hope, wi n we were arriued at the (ea fide, then grew our greatelt doubt, and 
the bittereſt of all eur tourney fozepaſſed, fo A pꝛoteſt before God, that we were in a moſſ deſpe⸗ 
tate eſtate : fo the fame night which we ankozed in the mouth of the riuer of Caputi, where it fale 
lech into the fa, there arole a mightic topme , andthe tiuers mouth was at leaſt a league broad, 
foas wer « s° hefoxe night cloſe paper the land with our (mall boates and tought the Galley as 
neete as tic sould, but ſhe had as much a doe to live as coulobe , and there wanted little of her 
ſinking, and all thoſe in her: fox mine awne part J confeſſe, I was very doubttull which wap to 
take, either to got ouer in the peſtred Galley, there being but fire foote water ouer the landes, 
fop two leagues together, and that allo in the channel, and the dꝛew fiues 02 to aduentute in fo 
great a billow, and in ſo doubtfull weather, to croſſe the ſeas in my barge, The longer we tare 
rien the wogle it was, and therefore J toake Captaine Gifford, Captaine Calfeild, and my colen 
Greenevile into mp barge; and after it cleared vp, about midnight we put our ſelues to Gods 
keeping , and thꝛuſt out into the lea, leauing the Galley at anker, who durſt not aduenture but by 
dap · ligbt: And fo being all very ſober, and melancholp, one faintly chearing another to (ewe 
courage, it pleaſed Gov that the next day about nine of the clocke, wee delcried the Jlande of 
Trinidad, and ſtearing fog the neereſt part of it, wee kept the ſhoze till wee came to Curia- 
pas eats wee founde our ſhippes at ankoz, then which there was neuer to vs a moze ioy⸗ 
full fight. 
Now that it hath pleafes God to ſende vs fate to our ſhippes, it is time to leaue Guiana to 
the Sunne, whom they woꝛſhippe, and ſteare away towardes the Mozth: J will therefope in a 


fewewopdes finith the diſtonerx thereof, Ok the leuerall nations which we found vpon this vil Nen 
couerp A will once againe make repetition, and howe they are affected. At our firit enterance all benarione 
into Amana, which is one ok the outlets of Orenoque, we left on the right hand of vs in the bot: PA 


tome of the bap, lying directly againſt Trinidad, a nation of inhumaine Canibals, which inha⸗ — 


bite the riuers of Guanipa and Betbeeſe; in the ſame bay there is allo a third river which ts cal⸗ 
led Arco, which riſeth on Paria five towards Cumana, and that riuer is inhabited with the Wi. 
Kiri, whole chiefe towne vpon the ſayd riuer is Sayma; In this bay there are no more riuers, but 
thele three beloze rehearſed, and the foure branches of Amara, all which in the Winter thautt 
fo great abundance of water into the ſea, as the ſame is taken vp fret), two oz three leagues krom 
the land. In the pallages towardes Guiana (that is, in all thoſe landes which the eight bꝛan⸗ 
ches ol Orenoque faſhion into Glands there are but one fost of people called Tiuitiuas, but of 
two caſtes as they tr arme them, the one calles Cia wani, the other Waraweeti, and thole warre 
one with another. = 
On the bithermolk part of Orenoque, ag at Toparimaca, and Winicapora, thoſe are of à na · 
tion called Ne poios, and are of the followers of Carapana, 1020 of Emeria, Betweene Wini 
capora and the port of Morequito which ſtanveth in Aromaia, and all thofe in the valley of A- 
mariocapana axe called Orenoqueponi, and did obey Morequito, and are now followers of To- 
piawari. Upon the riuer ol Caroli, are the Canuri, which ave gouerned by a woman ( whois 
inheritrix of that Pꝛouiuce) who came farce off to {ee our Nation, and acked me diuerſe ques 
ions of her Maieſtie, being much delighted with the diſcourſe of her Maieſties greatneſſe, 
and wondering at ſuch repopts as we truely made of her Higbneſle manp vertucs, And vpon 
the head of Caroli, and on the lake of Caffipa , are the the trong Nations of the Caffipago- 
tos. Right South into the land are the Capurepani, and Emparepani, and beyond thole adioy⸗ 
ning to Macure guatai ( the ſirſt citie of Inga) are the Iwarawakeri : ali theſe are pꝛofeſled ene⸗ 
mies to che Spaniards, and to the rich Epuremei alfo, To the ett of Caroli are diuerſe na: 
tions ol Canibals, and ot thoſe Ewaipanoma without heads. Directly Welt are the Amapai 
as and Anebas, which are alſo marueilous rich in gold. The reſt towards Peru we will omit, 
Onthe Rozthok Orenoque, betweene it and the Welt Indies are the Wikiri, Saymi, and the 
reſt befope ſnoken of , all moztall enemies tu the Spaniardes. On the South fide of the maine 
0 of Orenoque, ate the Arwacas ; and beyond them the Canibals and to the South of them 
mazones. 4 i ; 1 
Co mae mention of the ſeuerall beatts, birds, fithes, fruits, flowers, gummes (weet woods, 
an of their ſeuerall religions and cuſtomes, would foꝛ the fir require as many volumes as thoſe 
ot Geſnerus, anp fo2 the reit another bundle of Decades. The religion of the Epuremei ta the 


fame which the Ingas, Emperours ol Peru vfen, which map be read in Cie ga, and other Mpaniſh peice se C 


opie, hom thep beleeue the immoꝛtalitie of the loule, worthip the Sume, and burie withthe 

aue their beſt beloued wiues and treaſure, as they likewile doe in Pegu in the Balt Indies, and 

ther plates. The Orenoqueponi bury nog their wines with them. but theit tewels, * f 
inio 


Qa 


The Englifh Voyages, Sir M. alter Ralegh, 


intop them agatne, Che Arwacas diy che bones of their Loro, and thetr wiues and friends Danke 
them in powder. In the graues ol the Peruuians the paniards lound their greateſt abundance 
or treaſurt: the like allo is to be found among theſe people in euery Prouince, Chey haue all 
manp wines, and the L os · ſue fould to the common lot: their wiues neuer ente with their buf 
bands, nop among the men, but ſerue their hulbands at meales , and afterwardes feede by chem 
ſelues. Thole that are patt their pounger peeres, make all their bat ad and Dpinke and worke their 
corten beds, and doe all elle of ſeruice and labour, foz the men doe nothing but hunt, alp, plap, and 
dzinke, when they are out ol the warres. 

J will enter no further into difcoute ol their maners, la wen and cullomes: and becaule A haue 
not my felfe feene the titles of Ings, I cannot auom on my credit wbat A hau heard, although it 
be verp likely, that the Emperout Inga bath built ard ertcted as magnificent vallaces in Guia. 
na, as his anteſtoꝛs did in Peru, which were fo their riches and rareneſſe mow maruellous an 
exceeding all in Europe, and J thinke of the wopin, Chins excepted , which allo the Spaniarng 
( whiey A had) allures me to be true, as allothe Nations of the bopderces , tho being but Salua. 
ges o thole of the in · land. doe caufe much treaſure to be buried with them: fo A was enfornun 
of one of the Caffiques of the valley of Amariocapana tubich had buried with him a little befnne 
our arriuall, a chaite of golde mot curiouſly wroughe, which was made either in Macuregua. 
ray abiopning ,oz in Manoa: but it we ſbould haue gritued them in their religion at the ür, 
Defore they had bene taught better, and haue vigged vp their graues, we had lot chem all: and 
therefore J helve my fir reſolution, that her Mateltie ſbould either accept oz refute the enter. 
pile, ere any ‘hing ſhould be done that might in any Coxe binder the lame. And if Peru had ſo 
many beapes of golde, whereof thole Ingas were Pzincen, and that they deligbted ſo much ther. 
in; no doubt but this which now liueth and reigneth in Manoa, bath the fame honour, and J am 


Greatriches- alſured hath moze abundance of golde, within his territodie, then all Peru and the Welk Indies 


Foz the reſt, which my ſelfe haue ſeene, J will promife thele things that follow, which J know 


coo to be true. Chole that are deſirous to diſtouer aud to fee many nations , map be latiſdled within 


Erceeding 
mendarionof this riuer , which bꝛingeth loozth lo manp armes and bꝛanches leading to ſeuerall countries, ano 


tbe riuer of 


Otenoque. 


pꝛouinces, aboue 2000 miles Cat and IUeſt, and Soo miles South and Nozth, and oftheſe, 
the moſt epther rich in golde. o in other marchandizes, Che common ſouldier ſpall here fight fo» 
golde, and pay bimfelfe in fteeve of pence, with plates of balfe afoote broad, whereas he byeakerh 
bis bones in other warres fo2 prouant and penury. Thole commanders and chieftaines that 
fhoot at bonour and abundance, (hall finde there moze rich and beautifull cities, moze tenples 
adozned with golden images, moze ſepulchꝛes filled with treaſure, then either Cortez found in 
Mexico, 0} Picarro in Peru : and the thintng glozie of this conqueſt will eclipſe all chote fo farre 
extender beames ol the Spaniſh nation, There is no countrep which peelbeth moze pleaſure to 
the inhabitants, either fox thofe common delights of hunting, hawking, üſhing, fowling, or the 
reſt, then Guiana both. It hath ſo many plaines, cleere riuers, abundance of Bbeſants, Parti- 
ges. Quailes, Nailes, Cranes, Perons, and all ocher kowle: Deere ol all forts, Porkes, Dares, 
Lions, Cpgers, Leopards, and Diners other Cortes of beaſtes, either for chaſe, 0p food. Fe hath 
a kind of beaſt called Cama, 07 Anta, as bigge as an Engliſb beefe, and in great plentie. 

Co ſpeake of the ſeuerall {opts of euery kind, J feare would be troubleſome to the Reaver, 
and thereloꝛe I will omic them, and conclude that both for health. good ape, pleaſure, and rithes 
Jamreſolued it cannot bee equallen by any region either in the Catt oz (Mell. Mqevber the 
countrey is ſo healthfull, as of an hundꝛed perfons ¢ moꝛe (which lay without ſhift mot dluttiſblp, 
and were euery day almoſt melted with heate in rowing and marching , and ſuddenly wet againe 
with great ſho wers, and did eate of all forts of coprupt fruits, and made meales of freth iich with: 
out feaſoning, ot Tortugas, of Lagartos 02 Crocodiles, and of all forts good and bad , without 
either oder oz mealure, and befineslonged in the open aire eucrp night) we lott not any one, no? 
had one ill diſpoſed to my knowlenge, no? found any Calentura, op other of thoſe peftilent dilen 
ſes which vwell in all hot regions, anv fo neere the E quinoctiall line. 

Where there is tore of gold it is in effect neeleſſe to remember other commodities ko trades 
but it hath cowards the South part of the rtuer, great quantities of Bzuſil. wood, and diuerle 


Bali wood. berries that die a moſt perfect crimfor and carnation : Aud for pointing, all France, Iealy othe 
Excriunt OPES. Euſt Indies ptelde none ſuth: $02 the moze the Chin ts wathen , the fairer the colour anpearety, 


Cotton, Alke, 
Walſamum. 


and with which. euen thole bꝛowne and tawnie women {por themſe les, and colour their cheekes, 
An plates yeeld abundaure of cotton, of fitke, of balſamum, and ot thole kindes mot excellent, 
and neuer knowen in Europe, of all (cptes of gummes, of Indian pepper: and what elle the 
Countries m p allo;d wirhin the land we knome not, neither . 


ate not to be te 
Guiana is in 
wü pe map vcpa 
neuer be (ubter 
part, J take tt 
dung ( a8 J ba 
ſuch outragiou 
To conclud 
mought, the f. 
manurance, th 
their Images 
lrengeh, and . 
that if two fore 
neere the banke 
ofthe artillerie 
tient guarde bo 
in the laid river 
There is th 
defence of it bei 
the fea (il it hat 
found vnaccellſ 
flat bottomed b 
dundzeo miles 
krom the banke, 
my region vnd. 
is umpollible to 
nich v ven, wh 
Empire, oz dil 
Kughts, and F 
tꝛ to conduct (ht 
Amazones tak. 


thee hundꝛed m 
which is not {cat 


chem · 
worke their 
py, plap, and 


zuſe J haue 


but Salua. 
as enformey 
Little before 
lacurepua. 
at the fir, 
m all: and 
e the enters 
Peru hab ſo 
much ther⸗ 
and J an 
eft Indies 


kes, Dares, 
od. It hath 
ie. 

the Reaver, 
e, and riches 
jopeouer the 
ft lluttiſhlp, 


es fon trade: 
and diuerſe 
Italy, j the 
tape 

eit 


Sir Walter Ralegh. Traffiques & Difcoueries, 


Ceavth, Cee Coile betines is fo excellent ano ſo cal of rivers, an i till catvie fugar , ginar, 
all chofe other comunedities, weich the Welt Indies haue. arvie fugae, ginger, am 


661 


in pont, (op it map be Capted with an opdinarie winde in Ore wecken, and in ede 


The nauigation 
the like time backe againe, and by the wap neither lee (hope, enemies wall, roche, nop funden, all Ashes na, 


whith in the vopages tu the Welt Indies amd all other places we ate (ubiect vnto, as the chane 
of Bahama, | from the Wel Indies cannot well be 
the bef, it is a perilous and a learetull plate. Che reſt of the Indies (07 calmes, and diſeaſes very 
trouble ſome, and the (ea about the Bermudas a helliſh (ea to thunder, lightning, and toymes, 

Chis verp veere “there were ſeuenteene ſayle of Vpanilh Chips loũ in the chanell of Bahama, 
and the great Philip like to haue Cunke at the Bermudas was put backe to Saint luan de Puerto 
neo. Aud ſt t lalleth out in that Haulgation excep peere fo the mot part, wbich in this voyage 
ae not ta be teared: lo the tume ol peere to leaue England is beſt in July, ond the Dummer in 
Guiana is in October, Rouember, December, Januarie, Febzuarie, and March, aud then the 
Sheps may depart thence in Appill, and fo returne againe into England in June, ſo as they ſhall 
neuer be ſubiect to IUinter- weather, either comming, going, 0) Raping there: which for my 
part, J cake to be one of the greateſt comforts and meouragements chat can be thought on, ba: 
wing ( a8 J baue done) taſted in this voyage by the Welt Indies fo many calmes , fo much bear, 
fuch outragious guſtes, foule weather, and contrarie windes. 

To conclude, Guiana is a tountrey that hath pet her maydenhead, neuer lackt, turned n 
mought, the fate ol the earth bath not bene topne, noh che vertue and fale of the (ople ſpent by 
manutatice , the graues haue not bene opened fop golde, the mines not hoken with fledges , noz 
their Dmages puld dotwne out of their temples. It hath neuer bene entered bp any armie of 
nrengch, and neuer tonquered o; poſſeſſev by any chritian Prince, At is belles (o defenfible, 
that if two fopes be builoed in one ok the Proutnces which I baue ſeene, the flood letteth in fo 
neere the banks, where the channell allo lyeth, that no (hip tan paſſe vp but within a Pikes length 
ofthe artillerie, firtt of the one, and afterwards of the other: Tlhich two Forts will de a luffi⸗ 
cient guarde both to the Empire of Inga, and to an hundzed other ſeueral hingbomes, lying with · 
in the laid riuer, euen to the cite of Quito in Peru. 

Chere is therefore great difference betweene the eslineſſe of the conqueſt of Guiana, and the 
defence of it being conquered, and the Clef oz Catt Indies: Guiana hath but one entrance by 
the ſea (ik it hach that) fo; anp vellels of burden: ſo as whofoeuer (hall fir poſleſſe it, it thall be 
found vngcceſſible lo any enemie, except he come in cAherries, Barges ob Canoas, oz elle in 
flat bottomed boates, and ik he voe offer to enter it in that manner, the woods are ſo thicke two 
dundzed miles together vpon the riuers of Cuch entrance, as a moule cannot ſit in a boat vnhit 
from the banke. By lande it is mone impollible to appꝛoch, for it hath the ſtrongeſt Aeuation of 
my regie buder the ſunne, and is ſo enuironed wich impallable mountaines on enery fine, as it 
is umpollible to victuall any company in the paſſage: which bath bene well pꝛooued bp the Spa; 
nichr ven, who fince the conqueſt of Peru haue neuer left fiue peeres free from attempting this 
Empire, or dilcouering foe way into ir, and pet of cheee and twentie leuerall Gentlemen, 
rights, and Fable men, there was neuer anp that knewe u hich way to leave an army by land, 
i to conduct ſhippes by fea, any thing neere the lalde countrie. Orellana; of whom the riuer Of 
Amazones taketh name, was the firft , and Don Antonio de Berreo (hom we . 
laff : and A doubt much, whether he himſelle oz any of his pee know the beſt way into the layde 
Empire. At can thereſoze hardly be regained, ik any Cvength be fopmerly (et dulune du in one 
opto plates, and but two on tree crumſters o; gallies built, and furnithen vpon ihe riuer 
within: The Welk Indies haue many portes, watering places, and landings, aud neater then 
the hundzed miles to Guiana no man can harbour a ſhippe, except he know ely place, 
which is not learned in haſte, and which J will vndertake there ir not any cue companies 
that knoweth, wholdeuer hearkened moſt efterit. Kiba dd 

Belives by keeping one good Fort, or building one totone of rength, the wbole Empire is 
guarded and wwhatfocues companies (hall be afterwardes planted within the land, although in 
twentic ſeuerall Pꝛoutnces, thole dall be able all to teunite themfelues vpon any ottalion ep: 
ther by the way of one riuer, 62 be able to march by land wühout either wood, Longe, ez moun⸗ 
tame : where ns in the Welt Indies there are femme ravines a» Moninces chat can fuccane o; re⸗ 
laue one che other, eyther by land oz fea: By lanv the countries are either deſert, mountaynous, 
optrong enemtas: bp fea, ik anp mum innade to the E ad ard, thoſe to the let enmot in mas 
M monechs turne againt the byte and Eaſtern wind, beſides the Spaniards are therein fo dite 
porte , m ther art no where ſtrong, but in Nueua Eſpanna untip: eee 

2 U 


us nas 
II — to 
paſſed in the TUlinter, @ when it is at 


1593. 


The Englith Voyages, Sir Malter Ralegh, 


thopnes, and poptonen prickles, the landie and deepe wapes in the valleys , che bete 
Ad ate ung gut dier iber places are cbt oncip ano etl vefence, dich (be thole 
nations shat inuade chem art not vittualled o mouidev to Rap , netther haue any place io friena 
adtopning ) doe ſe tut chem in Reeve of good armen and great multitude p. , 
Eye Welk Indies were Ge offered her Maiettten grandfacyer by Columbus a ftranger , in 
W r eee 
jo» Cache fo manp lands g regions neuer witten of before, C his C mpire is made knuwen 


. * 

u vaſſall, and by bim chat oweth to her moze duttie then an opdinarp 
— mee Ache 2 e mane graces and bencices nich J bes, nch töfhuf, 
with n 


* 
2 — * fables . Che country is alreadic pifcouered , manp 
a MPaiettiex lowe and and chole which bout late tt and 
longed labourer about the conquelt, beacen out, pifrouragen and diſgracev. which among thefe 
nations were thougbt inutncible, Der Pale lte may in this enterprise emplop all thot e ſoultien 
auld gentiemen chat are younger Werdden end all capcaines and chieftaines thas wau apf. 
ment, and the cyarge will be one ly the fr letting out in viccualling and arming ihem: fo after 
ihe en oz le cond peeve J doubt not but ua fee in London a Contract ation boule of moze recciy 
fo; Gueana , then there is nom in Siuill fox de Welt Indies. 
Ano gam refoluen chat if there were but afmall army a foote in Guiana, marching cotvarrs 
Manoa che chiefe citie of Inga, be would pelo to her Maieſtie bp compolitton fo many hundyen 
chouſand pounds prerelp, as could both defend all enemies abzoab, and deſray all expences at 
home, and that he would belldes pay a gatriſon of chee op foure thouſand foulviers very royally 
tonefend him againtt other nations + Foz he cannot but knowe , how bis preveceflors, yea tow 
okane great uncles Guafcar and Atabalipa ſonnes to Guainacapa Emperout of Peru, were 
ile they contended fop the Empire) beaten out by the Spaniards , and that both of late peres 
and ewer Gace che laid the @paniarns haue ſougbe che pallages and entrey of bis couns 
trep: and of their ctuelties ved to the bogderers be cannot be ignozunt. An which refpects u 
doubt but he will be bꝛought ta tribute wich great gladneſſe, it not, he hath neither Choe nop nun 
weapon in all his Empire, and therefohe map taſily be conquered, 5 
And I farther remember that Berreo tonfeſſtd to me and others ( which J pꝛoteſt before te 
Maleſlie of God to be true) that tbert was found among prophelies in Peru ( at ſuch time as he 
Empire was reduced to the Spanith obedtence) in their chieleſt temples, amongt diuers o. 
thers which kobeſhe wer the lolſe of the laid Empirt, chat Crom Inglatierra the le Ingas ſhouſd be 
againe in time to come rettozed , and deliuerev from the leruitude of the laid Conquerours, A 
hope, as we with hele fe bands haue diſplanted the Ac garrifon, and dplucn chem out ofthe 
faio countrey, ſo her MParedtic will glue opver fop the reſt, and either Defend it, and hold it att 
butarp, 0} couquere and keepe it as Emppeſſe of the fame, $02 whatfocuer Prince ſhall 
tt, (hall be greateſt, and tf the king of Spa iu eniop it, be will become vn F 
berebp (hall confirme and ſtrengthen che opinions of all natians as touchmꝑ her great and princes 
Ipactions, And where. the South bander of Guiane reachech to tye Dominion anv Empire of 
the Amazones, thoſe women (hall hereby heare the name of a virgin , which is not onely able to 
defend her owue territozies and her neighbours, but allo to inuade and conquer ſo great Empuis 
anv lo farre remoued. 
Co ſpeabe mone at this time, J ftare wauld be but troubleſome: J truſt in God this being 
uus, uff aise an tas be ch is Ming of all Rings and Loyd of Lopds , will put it inte her 
beart which is of Lables to poſſeſſe it, if not, I will iudge tboſe men worthy to be hings 
thereof, chat bp het gract and leaut will vndertake it of themlelues. 


0 1 U. eh en 7 1 * 

An abſtract talen out of certaine Spaniards letters concerning 

C Guéana and the countries lying vpon the great river e with cer 
tieaine reports alfo touching the tame. 


Pdi Un aduertifement tothe Reader, 1 
Geom Hofelerrersout ofmbichehe sbtrais following et 1 lurpriſedu 
ee. as they were palling for Spainein the yecre 15 9.4. by Captaine George 
Me bande FF that Sir Walter difcoucred 

aN" Gavcwa, as he was ina voyage for the Weft Indus, leatned alfo the reports um 


N Loh Sua 
ee. Nit nerd, All which, at his requme, being two monethe after Sir ale, aselfola 


Sir Malte. 


after she w 
delivered to 
feeing they con! 
bene thought fi 
wertifed , that alt 
before 


the former diſco 
Lord of the ſaid 
preſent at the fan 
peareth chat afte 
fiderstion of the 
of their former c 
next comming, ¢ 
to tecei 

that is to fay, che 
them by that me: 
And fothey are 
haue had none fir 
One other things 
and other countr 
Dorado, becaule 
alſo to the name 
isin the former ti 
matters, I leaue tl 


Letters 1 


Alenſo his lett 
cerning 2 


T. baue be 
uo Dora 


touctp : they wite 
in great abundance 


Alonfos lettet 
rado, 


ee 
ithe riuer of Pat 


l 


duernon 
— 


ng thefe 
foulbters 


emplop. 
fog after 
pe receipe 
towarm 
p hundyen 
ences at 
p opally 
pes tow 
ru, Were 
late peres 
bis couns 
{pects no. 
t nod on 


before the 
me as the 
Divers oe 
ſhould be 
urs. Any 
out ofthe 
dit astti⸗ 


Kr Malter Ralegh. Traffiques, & Difcoueries, 


et writing of the former diſcoutſe, hearing alfo of his difeouerie themade knowen 
delivered to fome of her Maie(ties moft hon e priuie Councelll & others, The which 
feeing they confirme in fome part the ſubſtance, I meane, the riches of that countrey t it hath 
bene thought fic that they ſhould be thereunto adioyned. Where in the Reader Is t0 be ad- 
wertifed , tha although the Spaniards feeme to glone much of their formal poſſoſſion taken 
before ¶ N lere guuto the Lord of Aromaya and others thereabouts » Which throughly vnder. 
flood them not at that time, whatfoeuer the Spaniards otherwife preten? ; et, according to 
the former diſcour ſe, and as alſo it is related Cayworace, the ſonne of pir now chiefe 
Lord of the faid e Aromeya, who was broug into England by Sit . ., ‘alegh and was 
preſent at the fame poſſeiſion and difcouerie of the Spaniards mentioned in thefe 4A zit ap- 
peareth that after they were gone out ofthent untrey, the Indians then hauing farther con- 
fideration ofthe matter, and more then coniedture of their intent, hauing knowen and heard 
of their former cruelties vpon their borderers and others of the Indians elfewhere : Attheir 
next comming, there being ten of them fent aud im ployed for a farther difcouery, they were 
toreceiue and entertaine them in an other maner of fort then they had done before; 
that is to fay, they flew them and buried them in the co untrey fomuch fought, They gaue 
them by that meanes a full and complete poſſeſſion, the which before they had but begunne. 
And fothey are minded to doe, toas many Spaniards as come after. Other poſleſſion they 
haue had none fince. Neither doe the Indians meane, as they proteſt, to glue t anyother, 
One other ching to be remembred is that in theſe letters the Spaniards ſeeme to call Gaiuna 
and other countries neere it, bordering vpon the riuer of Orenoqne, by the name of Mur 
Dorade , becaule of the great plentie of golde there in molt Places to be found, Alluding 
alſo to che name of E Dorado which was giuen by Martinez to the great citie of Afanoa, as 
isin the former treatiſe ſpeciſied. This is all I thought good to aduertife, As for ſome other 
matters, I leaue them tothe confideration and iudgement of the indifferent Reader, 


V. R. 


Letters taken at ſea by Captaine George Popham. 159 4 


oAlonfobis letter from the GramCanaria to his brother being commander of S, Lara con- 
cerning E/ Derado, 


haue bene certaine letters receiued here of late, ot a land newly difcoucren calles 

Ni uo Dorado, from the fonneg of certaine inbabttants ol this titie, who were in the vit 

conerp : they wꝛite of wonderfull riches to be found in the ſaid Dorado, and that golde there 
tn great abundance : the courſe to fall wich it is fiftie leagues to the winde ward of Margarita. 


mig letter from thence to certaine Marchantes of Sant Lacar concerning El Do. 


Shes , we haue no newes worth the iwi lung of a vitcouery lately made ae 
r land called Naene Biz, which is two dayes fapling to . la 
of Margarita : there ts golde in ſuch abunpance , as the like hath not bene beard of, Ele baue it 
in certaine in letters wutten from thence by ſome that were in the difcouerie , vnto their pas 
. ͤ Ce pa ae 

orado, as vopage towards Cart \ to e good 
(ale of our ronnmodities soir ps “af th 5 — 


D 
our ol the laid vilcoue · 
tie, tber wos Cent to his Paleſlit 


Part of the Copie that was ſent to his Meieſtie, of che diſcouety of Maeno Dorado, 


Atbe riuer of Pato otheruiſe callen Orenoque in the pꝛineipall pere thevest called Wariſne- 
ide 23 of Ap, ts 93 Domingo de vera matter of che campe, and General fo; Antonio 

de Berreo Gouernour and Capcaine gener all fop our lopd ehe kings , betwwire the rivers of Paco 
aD alias Orenoque , aud Marannon, and of the land of Trinidad, in pꝛeſente of 
we Rodrigo de Catanęa Regtiter fo eee 


The Englith Voyages, Sir Walter Ralegh, 


ub put in ogder of batcaile , the Captaines and ſouldierg, and Maſter ol the campe fanning in 
tbe nden okchem, lan nto dhe sire, Sponlbiers,en0 Captaines, vou vnderũand long fince 
that nur Gent ral Antonio de Berreo, with the trauellot eleuen peeres: and expence of moꝛe then 
an hundzed thouland pezos of golve, diſcouered the ropall Pꝛouinces of Guiana and Dorado: ot 
the which be ‘tooke pallellion to gouerne the fame, but ihꝛough want of bis peoples health, and 
neceſtarte munitio u, be illued out at the Aland Magarica,and from thentepeopled Trinidad. But 
now they haue font me ta learue out and diſcouer the wapes moſt ealily to enter, and to pecple 
the lam ꝛeuintcg, and where the campes and mies map belt enter the fame. By reaſon wher⸗ 
of Itntend lo to doe in the name of his Maieſtie, and the ſaide gouernout Antonio de Bereo, 
and in toben thereof I require you Francis Carillo, that pou alde mee to aduante this croſſe 
that lieth here on the ground, which tht y fet on end towordes the Catt, and the fais Maſter of the 
campe , the captaint s and ſouldiers kneeled Downe, and did due reucrence vnto the lalde coll, 
and thereupon the maſter ol the campecooke a bowle ol water aud dꝛauke it off, and took moe 
and them abaoad on the ground: he alfo dee out his (worde and cut the graſſe off the ground, 
and ide baugbes alf the wees ſaying, Jtake this polleſlion in the name ok the king Don Philip 
dur maſter, and of his Gouernour Antonio de Bettreo: and becauſe ſome make queſtion of thy 
pollelfion; to them J anſwere, that in theſe our actions was pꝛeſent the Caſſique o; pꝛintipal 
Don Antonio, othermiſe called Morequito, whofe land this was, who prelded conſent to the lin 
pollellion, was glad thereok, aud gaue his obe diente to our lord the king, and in bis name tothe 
laid Gouernout Antonio de Berreo, And the (ain matter of the eam pe kneeled dalone being in 
his libertie, and all the Captaincs and ſouldiers fad, that the pollellion was well taken, eno chit 
they wonld dekend it with their liues, vpon whofoeuce would fap the contrary. And the Cairn 
ſter ol the campe hauing bis word dꝛawen in bis hand {aide vnto me: Regitter that art bere pes 
fent, giue me an inſtrument op teuimoniallto confirme me in this poſſelſion, which J baue takin 
of this land, for the Gonernour Auconio de Berreo, and ik it be nec defull I will take it a mut. 
And J require pou all that are pꝛeſent to witnelle the fame, and vo further declare that J wilgge 
on, taking the polleſſion ok all the ſe landes whereſoeuer J ſpall enter. Signed thus. 


Ceranga; Regiſter of the atmie. ~ 


Domingo de vera, and vnderpcath, Before me Rodrigo de 


Ad in pꝛoſecution of the lald palleſſiou. and the diſcouerie of the way and Prouincts, the 

27 of Apꝛil ok the laid yeere, the matter of the campe entred by little aud little with all the 
campe and men of warre, mre then two leagues into the in. land, and came to a towne of a pun⸗ 
tipall, and conferring with bim Dw let him vnderſtand vy meanes of Antonio Biſante the Juter⸗ 
pꝛetoz, that his Maieſtie and Antonio de Berreo had ſent hun ta take the laid pottettion, And the 
{aid frier Francis Carillo bp the Interpꝛetoꝝ, deliuered hun certain things of our holy Catholique 
faith, to all which he anlwered, that they vnderſtood him wel and would be come Chyiſtans, and 
that with a very good will they ſhould aduance the croſſe, in what part oꝛ place ofthe towne it 
pleaten tyem, for be was fo the Gouernour Antonio de Berreo , who was his maller. There: 
upon the laid maſter of the campe tooke a great croſſe, and fet it on end towarde the Galt, andres 
queſted the whole campe to witnelle it, and Domingo de vera firmed it thus. 


It is well and firmely done. And vnderneath. Befote me Me 
Rodrigo Caranca, Regiſter ofthe atmie. = 


he Girt of Way theypꝛoleruted the ſaid pollellon and viſcouerie to the towne on Carapana, 
T Fromthence the laid Maſter of the campe patted to the towne of Toroco wboſe principall 
is called Topiawary being fiue leagues farther within the land eben the firſt Nation and well 
inhabiten, And to ihis pꝛintipall by meane ok the Interpꝛetoꝛ they gaue to vnderſtand that his 
Maieſtie and the lain Corrigidor commanded them to take the poſleſſion of that lande, and that 
they ſhould peelde their obedience to, his Maieſtie, and to his Corrigidor , and to the maller of 
the campe in his name, and that in token therof be would place a croſſe in the middleokhis towne, 
WMhereunto the lain Caſſique anſwered they ſhould aduance it with a very good will, and that 
de remalned in the obediente of our loꝛd che king, and of the laid Gouernour Antonio de Berreo 
ae fourth of May we came to a Wrouince aboue fine leagues thence , of all fines inhabited 
with much people, che principal of this people came and met vs in peaceable mance : and he is 
called Reuato , he bought us to a very large houle where beentertained bo well, and “or 


Sir Walte 
vs much Golde, 
a Pꝛouince not 
the ſunne, and fc 
they enter intot 
opnt themſelue 
them, they anop: 
thole Indians. 
were ſuch tnfini 
Gold, they told! 
the roote: whi 
waſh at the riu 
cats: and that 
The eigheok 
Hill wee found 
in peace and wi 
of wine. Peet 
hundzed houſes 
brought from at 
pea ſo many as ¢ 
then the Crow! 
would haue any 
Hennes. Wee 
that hee bꝛaught 
vs they were no 
dian that bꝛougt 
they made their 
ging on their bz 
Golde. The Fr 
and he would bꝛ 
would giue him 
vs an Eagle tha 
ſheweu it to thet 
midnight came: 
the Indians wi 
Campe, who co 
to kill vs fo? out 
let in oꝛder, an 
from theuce tos 
tolde vs that ik u 
vs; but ik wee ce 
hada great deſire 
not heere let it d 
chat goetb to bis 
not containe it. 


The Letter of 
dwelling i 


obliga my ver 
trey not farr 
newes leemeth to 
Part of the inkoꝛn 
letters; it is a thit 


The 


E fapth that 
alled Nueu 


25 


auning in 
long fince 
moꝛe then 
orado :of 
patel , and 
idad. But 
„to pecple 
Lon whet⸗ 
le Berreo, 
this croſle 
ater of the 
ude crolle, 
doke moye 
he ground, 
Yon Philip 
ton of this 
principal 
t to the lun 
name tothe 
ne being in 
en, ono that 
ie laid mn 
it here he 
haue taken 
it a uwe. 
t A willgoe 


go d 


uinces, the 
with all che 
ne of a pun⸗ 
the Jnter⸗ 
n, And the 
Catholique 
Altians, and 
he towne it 
er. There⸗ 
Batt, andres 


eme 


1 Carapanay 
fe mincipall 
u, and well 
and thathis 
de, and that 
he matter of 
This towne, 
ul, end that 
jo de Berreo 


des inhabited 
er: and he is 
and gaue vs 

much 


— 


— 2 ee 


Sir Walter Ralegh. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


vs much Golde, and the interpꝛeter alking him from whence that golde was, he auſwered, From 
a ꝛouintce not paſſing a dapes iourney off, where there are fo manp Audians as would ſhadowe 
the lunne, and fo much Golde as all ponder plaine will not conteine it. In which Count rey (when 
they enter into the Borracheras 03 their dzunken feats) they take of the fain Golde in duſt and an⸗ 
oynt themſelues all ouer cherewith to make the bꝛauer ſhew and to the end the Oolde may couer 
them, they anoynt their bodies with ſtamped herbes ok a gle wy ſubſtance: c they haue warre with 
thole Judtans. They pꝛomiſed vs that ik we would goe vnto them, they would ayde vs; but they 
were (uch infinite numbers, as no daubt they would kill vs. And being alned how they gat p fume 
Gold they told vs they went to a certaine Downe oꝛ playne, and pulled o digged vp the gralle bp 
the roote: which done, they tooke of the earth, putting it in great buckets , which they caried to 
wath at che riuer, and that which came in powder they kept fo2 their Borracheras oz dzunken 
kealls: and that which was in peeces they wrought into Eagles. 

The eigbtol May wee went trom thente, and marched about fiue leagues: at the footeof a 
Hill wee found a pꝛintipall called Arataco with thꝛee thouland Indians, men and women all 
in peace and with much victuall, as hennes and d eniſon in great abundance, and many forces 
of wine. iDee intreated vs to goe to his houle, and to reſt that night in his Towne, being of ſiue 
hundzed houſes. The interpreter alked whence hee had thole Hennes: he ſayde they were 
bꝛought from a mountaine not palling a quarter of a league thence, where were manp Indians, 
peafo manp as graſſe on the ground, and that theſe men had the points of their ſhoulders higher 
then the Crownes ok their heads, and had ſo manp Hennes as was wonderfull; and if wee 
would haue any, wee ſhould ſend them Jewes harpes, foz they would cine ko; euery one two 
Hennes, Eee tooke an Indian, and gaue him flue hundzed arpes; the Hennes were fo many 
that hee brought vs, as were not to be numbzed. Tee ſayde wee would goe thither; they tolde 
vs they were nam in their Borracheras op dzunken feaſts, and would kill vs. Cee alkep the In⸗ 
dian that brought the Hennes if it were true; bee layde it was mot true. Wee alked him how 
they made their Borracheras of dzunken feats; hee ape, they had many Eagles of golde han⸗ 
ging on their bꝛealts, and Pearles in their eaves, and that they daunced being all couered with 
Golde. The Indian ſayde vnto vs, ik wee would ſee them, wee ſhould giue him ſome Watchers, 
and he would bring vs of thole Eagles. The Patter or the Campe gaue him one Hatchet (hee 
would giue him no more becauſe they ſhould not vnderſtand we went to ſeeke golde) he bꝛought 

vs an Eagle that weighed 27. pounds of good Golde. The Maſter ok the Campe tooke it, and 
ſhewey it to the ſouldiers, and then thꝛew it from him, making ſhewe not to regard it. About 
midnight came an Indian and lapd vnto him, tue mee a wickeare, and J will tell thee what 


the Indians with the high houlvers meane to doe. The Interpzeter tolde the Waker of the Indiens with 
Campe, who commanded one to be giuen him: hee then tolde vs, chole Indians were comming Bish Hout 


£0 kill vs fo) our marchanize, Hereupon the Maſter of the Campe cauled bis company to bee 
let in oꝛder, and beganne to march. The eleuenth day of Map wee went about leuen leagues 
from theuce to a Pꝛouinte, where wee founda great company of Indians apparelled: they 
tolde vs that ik mee came to fight, they would fill vp thole Plaines with Indians to fight with 
vs; but il wee came in peace, wee ſhould enter and bee well entertained of them, becaule they 
bad a great deſire to ſee Thniſttans: and there they tolde vs of all the riches that was. J doe 
not heere let it Downe, becaule there is no place fop it; but it ſhall appeare by the information 


that gocth to bis Paieſtie: foz if it ſpould here bee let downe, foure Raues of paper would 
not containe it. 


The Letter of George Burien Britton from the fayde Canaries vnto his couſi a French man 
dwelling in S. Lucar, concerning &/ Dorado, 


Gaean my berp good coulin, there came of late certaine Letters from a new diſcouered coun⸗ 

trey not karre from Trinidad, which they write, hath Golde in great abundance: the 
newes ſeemeth to bee very certaine, becaule it paſſeth fop good amongit the beit of this Citie. 
Part of the informationof the Dilcouery that went to his Maieſtie, goeth incloled in Alonſos 
Letters; it is a thing worth the feeing, 


Thereport of Domingo Martinas of Iamaica concerning E/ Dorade, 
Ha fapth that in 15 9 3. being at Carthagena, there was a generall report of a late diſcouery 


alled Nueuo Dorado, and chat a litle before bis comming thither, there came a Frigat 
Kkk front 


~ TheEnglifh Voyages, AA. Laurence Remis. 


R — — — 75 7888 1 ; kintals 

ip Dorado, bringing in it the portrature of a Giant all of Gold, of weight 47. } 
„ . their doll. But now admitting ok Chziſtianitie ee 
pute tothe King of Spaine,thep fens their ſayd Fool vnto bim in token they were pn 97 4 
ans, and belo him koz their Ning. The company comming in the laid F rigat,reporten Golde to be 
cherein moſt abundance, Diamonds of ineftimable value, with greatſtoze ofpearle. 


The report of a French man called Boantiller of Sberbrouke , concerning 75 rinidad and 
Dorado. 


i eing at Trinidad in 139 1. he had of an Indian there a peece of Golde of a 
Humer ke 9 in exchange vf able 3 the lapde Indian tolde hun hee had it at the 
bead ok that river which commethto Paracoa in Trinidad : and that witbin the Riuer of Ore. 
noque, it was in great abundante. Allo in 159 3. beeing taken by the . and 
brought puloner into the Aland of Madera (the place for his prifon ) 5 ee meme 
time a Parke of loꝛtie Tunnes from a new Dilcouery , with two millions o nan 11 0 com: 

whereof reportes Golde in that place to bee in great abundance, and callen it El Nucuo 
andes This Frenchman palled from Spaine in the Barke, and hauing a cabben neere a gen: 
ticman, one of the Dilcouere rs that came from that place in the ſayde Barke, bad mers tins 
ronference with bim, and amongſt other things, of the great abunvance of Golde in the [apd Do. 
rado, being as thep ſayd within the riuer of Ore noque. 


Reportes of certaine Marchants of Rio de Hacha, concerning El Naeus Dorado. 


ings the kings great trealure in the Indies) that Nueuo Reyno peeloen be 
I . — rich; but lately was difcoucren a certaine Pꝛouinte 
ſo tichin Golde, as the report thereof may Creme incredible it is there in ſuch abundance, ad is 
called El Nueuo Dorado: Antonio de Berteo made the ſaid diſtouerie. 


The report ofa Spanyard, Captaine with Berroo in the difcouerie of El Nucus Dorado, 


Te. the infoꝛmation fent to the Ring was in euery poynt truely ſapde, that the river Ore- 


ſeuen wouchs, 0) outlets into the (ea, called Las Siete bocas de dragon, hatihe 
ſapd 5 faredinte the land, in many places very bꝛoad, and that Anth. de Berrco lap 
at Trinidad, making bead to gos to tonquere and people the apd Dorado. 


A Relation of the ſecond Voyage to Guiana, performed and 


written in the yeere 1596. by Lawrence Keymis Gent. 


D 

HE APPROVED, RIGHT VALOROVS, AN 

: . Knight, Sir Walter Ralegh, Lord warden of the Stanneries, Cap- 
taine of ber Maiefties Guard, and hen Heghneffe Lientenant general of the Connie of 
(Cornewalh ; 


P 
0 5 
Ste different, ſo naedech it not my poore fufftage.to enceare the toyle, care and danger : 2 


M. I 


you haue wil 
praiſe- worthi 
in my dead vi 
iultific, hown 
others, whicl 
doubtfull eue 
wife,and that 
fuller offence 
hope, be altog 
had, maugre t 


ana, that nothi 
med to hutthet 
throughly roth 
that becauſe Io 
uer all other m 
principally tene 
haue cauſe to ft 
that our felfe-w 
ſerue the Spani: 
and alts 1 
our ſhippingth. 
place,ar if ‘tthe 
diſcourſe of not 
to conceale ma 
tet purpofe,ther 
the action were 
pleaſure be fhad 
ſince it craueth 1 
both of their po 
they know not v 
ded to perſwade 
in his determina 
fo flow as to exp 
ned with the erat 
beaten round ab 
fo many fhips in 
ly ſhew, that hef 
plainly to our fac 
haue done, or fou 
tion, intereſſed ii 
to the number of 
tac tight honou 
the fhips wherei 
fignifie? Certes,: 
their udgemẽts: 
ana ne wies, & inſt 


— — 


eymis. 


7 kintals, 
md obedi⸗ 
e Chpittis 
zolde to be 


widad and 


Holde of a 
D it at the 
er of Ore. 
rdes, and 
bis meane 
the com: 
El Nueuo 
ere agen: 
ers times 
loyd Do. 


do, 


peelded bee 
Mouince 
lee, and is 


Dorado, 


riuer Ores 
on, chat ehe 
Betreo la 


ed and 


AND 
ies, Cape 


Commie of 


uerie withe 
gle ſpeech 
r wich your 
nall libertie 
inifter con 
x not detri- 
it vptighil 
pro detra 
read vnder 
long ſince 
vogue facere 
alty of your 
ecompence 


danger that 


you 


M. Laurence Remis. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries-. 60 


you haue willingly ile Yate for the good and aduancement of o 
praife-worthineffe thereof doeth approuc it ſelfe, and is better sead i 
in my dead vnregarded papers, All that I can with, is that my life w 
iuſtifie, how much more eaſie, and more materiall, the courfe for Guiana would bee chen 
others, which requiring greater charge, yeelde not fo large benefit, andare fubiect to more 
doubtfull euents. If vnto their wifdomes who ſit in place and authority, it thall appeare other 
wife,and that in following of other attempts there is lelſe difficultie, certai fl 


ner profit, and need. 
fuller offence vnto the enemie:: the coſt and trauaile which you haue beftowed » thall not, I 
hope, be altogether loft, if vnto your Honour Iean proue how, and where the amendsis to be 


had,maugre the fotee and preuention of all Spaniards, 


ur weale publique. The 
n your liuing doings, then 
ere a fufficient pledge, to 


Tow Lerdipssobecommanded in allfernice, 
Lavrencea Kaynzrs, 
Tothe Fanouvers of the Voyage for Guiana, 


Mew N things earneſlly defired though neuer fo likely we are ftill ſuſpicious: thinz 
lig it more eredite to our common wiſedome, to difcredite moſt noble and 
9 profitable indeuours with diſtruſt, then touch to dur valours and fafeties,to lie 
Ay wilfully idle. So that howſoeuer an action well and iudicially attempted, bee 
ao oa, cltcemed halfe performed; yet is this my iealous conceite concerning Gu 
aua that nothing is begun, before all be ended. In this regatde( gentle Readet) I haue prefirs 
med to butthen thine eares with the weake plea te a good cauſe, and in flead of opening it 
throughly rothy prudent conſideration, to note o y mine ownevnfatilfied affeQion: hoping 
that becauſe I doe name Guiana vnto thee, thou wile vouchſ. atehoc nomine , to vaile and co 
uer all other my defects in the defertofa good meanings In publiſning this Treatiſe, my labor 
principally tendeth to this end; to remoue all fig-leaues from our ynbeliefe that either it ma 
haue cauſe to ſhake off the colourable pretences of ignorance: or if we will not be perſwad 
that our ſelfe · will may reſt inexcufable, They that ſhall apply, and conſtrue this my doing. to 
ſerue the Spaniard his turne ſo wel as our owne; in fo much as it may feeme to inſtruct, warnen 
and atme him: for their ſatisfaction herein, they muſt not be ignorant, that his eyes, in ſeein 
our fhippingthere, doe as effectually informe him, that many of our hearts are toward that 
place, as ifit ſhould be credibly aduertiſed by ſome corrupt hireling, that we thinke,write,and 
difcourfe of nothing els. Neither can I imagine, that to conceale our knowledge herein( which 


to conceale may perhaps proue, & be hereafter taken for worſe thé paticide) would be of beta 
ter purpofe,then to hoodwinke our felues,as who would fay, No man fhall fee vs. Befides, if 
the action were wholy to bee effected at her Maieſties charge; then might it at her Highneſſe 
pleaſure be thiedowed with fome other drift, and neuer be difcouered,vntill it were acted, Bue 
fince it craueth theapprobation and putſes oft many Aduenturers, who cannot be fo prodigall 
both of their poffeffions and liues, as voluntarily to run themſelues out of breath, in purfuing 
they know not what: great reaſon it is, that where aſſiſtanee is to be asked, due cauſes be yeel- 
ded to perſwade & induce them vnto it. The Spaniard is not ſo ſimple, vnſetled, & vncertaine 
in his determinations, as to build them on cut breath, or to male our papers his Bulwarks; nor 
fo flow as toexpecta precedent of out ſorwardnes. His proceedings are ſufficiently ſtrengthe- 
ned with the trauailes, reports, & ſubſtantial proofes ofhis own men, that haue aboue 60. yeres 
beaten round about this buſn. And to fay a trueth, the expedition that he hath vſedin ſending 
ſo many ſnips in February laſt to people this country, & diſappoint vs; as it doth conſequent- 
ly ſhew, that he findeth his chiefeſt force and ſine wes to conſiſt in golde ¢ ſo doeth he theteby 
plainly to our faces exprobrate our remiſneſſe & long deliberationd, that in 12. moneths ſpace 
haue done, or fought to doe nothing ey the ancient fame & reputation of our Englifh nas 
tion, intereffed in fo weighty buſineſſe. * 
io the number of 600. perfons, Bound for Guiana, but that it pleaſed God, that by meanes of 
tac tight honourable ſeruice moft refolutely perforniedin the fea-fight,and facking of Cadiz, 
the fhips whereinthey fhould haue bin Conyeyed, were conuerted into aſlies: what might it 
fignifie? Certes,as it doth euidently proue,that E/ Dorado hath vndoubted credit & aceount in 
theiriudgemétss fo pointeth it at vs, Whilli we onlytoentertain idle time, fit liftening for Gui» 
ana newes, & inſtantly forget it, as if it n, a pleaſing dteame ofagoldé lane, 
; 2 


is late prouifion ofanewfupply of whole families In June i556 


The Englifh Voyages, Nauigations, AA. G. (. . G 


If we with our felues ſhall expoſtulate, how this commeth to paſſe, that the aduantage wholy En 
refting on our fide,in ref] pect that Berree as this laſt yere beaten out, the countrey throughly Lil 
difcouered, & the Inhabitants made defirous of her facred Maieſties happy gouernment; they Ga 
notwithftanding by entring before vs haue now gotten ) ſtart of vs: what may wethinke?Shal Ww 
wee iudge iht their natiue countrey is leſſe deare; or more wearifome vnto them, then ours u Sta 
vnto vs? Their Peruleri, who going bare & empty aut of Spaine do againe within 3. or aco Kit 
returne from Pers, nich and in good eſtate, doe apparantly diſproue all ſuch conceits of them, An 
Shall wee fay that they haue more ſpare mento be imployed in ſuch actions ? It is no ſeciet to To 
know the contraty. Are they ſubiect to penury? In all parts of Chriftendom,where money is Of 
not ſcant, all other things are plentifu Oristheir land not able to ſuſtain their numbers of Ist 
people? They buy many flaues to follow theirhusbandry , & chem felues difdaining bate idle. Be: 
nes & beggety . do all honour military proſeſſion, highly efeeming it in their mercenaries and Wi 
ftrangers. Is it then want of ability, in thoſe that are willing, lac ke of incouragement, or de. Int 
fault. df Speedy order and direction for thoſe that doe voluntarily offer themfelues, theit fub. Ber 
ſtance, & beſt indeuour to further this caufe; that maketh vs to be thus coated of the Spaniard? 
The firft is no queflion, The later needeih no anſwere / The profitchen hy their example tobe Thi 
gathered,is, not to looſe opportunitie dy delay, or to ſeeme feareful and diſmayed where there Go 
is no caule of doubt. For as yettheit poſt-haſte docth no way preiudice our aduiſed leiſure in Ag 
ſetting forward, ſince theit preparations of Negrosto worke in the mynes, theirhorſes, cauel, An 
andother rieceffaries may (by the fauour of God)at our firft comming, both ſtote vs w quan. Tha 
tities of gold oare, and eaſe vs ofmuch trouble, paines, and trauaile. If we ſhould ſuppoſe our In a 
ſelues now toliue in the dayes of a Henry the ſeuenth of famous memory, and the ftrange Dor 
report of a MWeſt Judies, or new wotld abounding with great treaſure fhould entice vs to be. (Af 
leeue it: perhaps it might be imputed forfome blame to the grauity of wiſe men, lightly tobe To: 
cartied with the pes{wafion and hope of a new found Wee 15 uch a one as Column was, Hei 
being an alien and many wayes fubiect vb ſuſpition. But fince the penance ofthat incredulity Not 
lieth euen now heavy on oui fhoulders; the example forethreatning, Iæno not what repen- Free 
tance: and that we haue the personal trialloffohonourable and ſuffieient a Reporter: ouroun But 
Countrithan: let it be farré from vs to condemne our ſelues in that, which fo worthily we te- And 
proue in our predeceffors;'and to let our idle knowledge content it felfe with naked contem. Fror 
plation, like batren wombe in shugo We cannot denie that the chiefe commendation 
of vertue doth conſiſt in action: we truely fay, that Onium is anima vina fepultwra: we belecue, Tho 
that perfect wifedome in this mobility of all humaine affaires , refufeth not with any priceto The 
purchafe ſaſetie: and we iuftly do acknowledge that the Caffilians from barelegged mountii- Buil 
ners haue atteined totheit greatneffe by labour & induſtrie. To fleepethen,becaule it eofteth And 
nothing;to imbrace the prefenttime, becaufe it flattereth vs with deceitfull contentmentjand Nor 
to kiffe fecurity, faying, What euill happeneth vnto vs? istheplaine high way to a fearefull Pow 
downfall: from which the Lord in his mercy deliver vs, and giue vs an yndesftanding heatt,in And 
time tofee,andto feekethat,which belongeth vnto our peace. ane 
ii: 10157 it, at 
i 0 Shou 
De Guiana carmen Epicum. pets 
V. 7 Hat worke of honour and eternall name, Buta 
N r ralleche world tenuie and vs tatchieue, The f 
5 VV Filles me with furie, and glues armed hands And! 
To my hearts peace, that els would gladly turn Euen 
My limmes and euery feafe into my thoughts Difds 
Rapt wich the thirfted action ofmy mind? Ofhi 
© Clio, Honors Adnfe, fing inmy voyce, Takir 
Tell the attempt, and prophecie th'exploit ä So let 
a his erage {worde, tA 
at in thi ll charme of Englands 5 0 
Opens moſt tenderly her aged for. wd 225 
Offring to powre freth youth through all ber vaines, = Tout 
That fleth ofbraſſe and ribs of ſteeele tetaines. peices 
‘ Tae ke n 
With 


Riches,and Conguaf, and Rewowmel Ga ° 
Riches with honour, Congnef without blood, 
noug 


4 


M. Gi C. Traffiques, and Difcoueries, 


Enough to feat the Monarchie of earth, - 

Like to Jones Eagle on Elizas hand, 

Gwsana,whofe rich feete are mines of golde, 
Whole forehes nockes againft the roofe of Starre, 
Stands on her tip - toes at faire landlooking, 
Kiffing her hand, bowing her tightie breaſt, 

And euety 1 of all ſubmiſſion waking, 


fecretto Tobe her fifter,and the daughter both 

noney is Ofour moft facred Maide : whofe barrenneffe 
mbers of Is the truz fruite of vertue, that may get, 

pale idle. Beare and bring forth anewin all perfection, 

aries and What heretofore fauage corruption held 

nt, or de · In barbarous Chaos; and in this affaire 

heit ſub. Become her father, mother, and her heide. 

Spaniard Cen 

ne 105 Then moſt admired Soueraigne, let your breath 
nere there Goe foorth vpon the waters, and create 

lelſure in A golden world in this our yron age, 

8, cauelſ And be the profperous fote wind to a Fleete, 

sw quan. That ſeconding yourlaft, may goe before it 

ppoſe our In all fucceffe of proſite and tenowme: 

ie ſtrange Doubt not but your election was diuine, 

vs to be. (Afvwell by Fate as your high iudgement ordred) 

tly to bee Jo rufe him with choife Bounties, that could adde 
ab vg Height to his height; and like a liberall vine, 
seredulty Not onely beate his vertuous fruite aloft, 

dat repenie Free fromthe Preſſe of ſquint · eyd Emwie: ſeete, 

r. our oun But decke his gracious Proppe with golden bunches, 
ily we Ite And ſhroude it with broad leaues of Rule oregrowne 
d conteme From all blacke téinpelts of iauafion, 

470 Thoſe Conqueſts that like generell earthquakes ſhocke 
y price 10 The ſolid world, and made it fall beſvre chem, 
mountai- Built all their braue attempts on weaker grounds, 
it cofteth And leſſe perſwaſiue likelihoods then this; 
mentand Nor was there euer princely Fount fo long 

a fearefull Powr'd forth afca of Rule with fo free courle, 
gheatt,in And fuch aſcending Maieſtie as you: 


Then be notlike arough and violent wind, 

That ia the morning rends the Forrefts downe, 
Shoues vp the feas toheauen,makes earth to tremble, 
And toombes his waſtfull brauery in the Euen: 

But as a tiuer from a mountalne tuning, 

The further he extends, the greater growes, 


And by histhriftie e e is ſtreame, 
Euen to ioyne battell with iff ĩmperious fea 
Difdayning his repulſe, and in defpighe 

Of his proud furle, mixeth with his maine, 
Taking on him his titles and commandes: 

So let thy ſoueraigne Empire be encreaft, 

And with Zberian Neptune part the ftake, 
Whofe Trident he the triple world would make, 


You then that would be wife in Wifdomies ipight, 
Directing with difcredite of direction, 
And hunt for honour,hunting him to death. 
With whom before you bags gold, 

4 


—— 2 


670 The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, AM. C. (. 
: You will loofe golde,for which you loofe your foules; 
Vou that chuſe nought for right,t ut certaintie, 
And feare that valour e blowes, 
Placing your faith in Incradalitis. 
Sit till you ſee a wonder, Vertne rich: 
Till Honowr hauing golde, tob golde ofhonour, 
Till as men hate delert that getteth nought, 
They loath all getting chat deferues not ought: 
And vſe you gold-made men as dregges of men; 
And till your poyfoned foules,like Spiders lurking 
In duch chinc kes, in myſtes of Cobwebs hide 
Your foggie bodies, and your dunghill pride. 


O ſacredulmie, the wit of Fooles, 

Ihat ſlouenly will ſpit on all things faire, 
The Cowardscafle, and the Sl aggardi cradle 
How eaſie is to be an Infidel? i 


But you Patrician Spitites that refine 

Your ſleſn to fire, and iſſue like a flame 

On braueindeuours, knowing thacinthem 

The tract ofheauen in morne · like glory opens, 

That know you cannot be the Kings of earth, 
(Claiming che Rights ofyour creation? 

And let the Mynes of earth be Kings of yous 

That are fo farre from doubting likely drifts, 

That in things hardeſi yare moft confident: : 
Vouthat know death liues, where power liues vnuſde, 
Toying to ſhine in waues that burie you, 

And ſo make way for life euen through your graues; 
That will not be content like horſe to hold 

Athread - bare beaten way to home affaires 

But where the fea in enuie of yourreigne, 

Cloſeth her wombe, as faſt as t is difclofie, 

That the like e4warice might {wallow all, 

And let none find right paſſage through her rage: 
There your wife ſouſes as ſwift as Bara lead 
YourBodies through, to ptoſit and renowne, 
And skorne to let your bodies choke your foules, 

In the rude breath and prifoned life of beaftes: 

You that herein renounce the courfe of earth, 

And lift your eyes for guidance to the ſtarres, 

Thnat liue not for your Ries but to poſſeſſe 

Your honour d countrey of a generall ſtore; 

In pitie of the ſpoyle rude felfe-loue makes, 
Ofthem whofe liues and yours one ayre doth feede, 
One ſoile doeth nourith,and one ftrength combine; 
You that are bleſt with fence of all things noble. 
In this attempt your compleat woorthes tedouble. 


But how is Natare at her heart corrupted, 

( Imeane euen in her moſt ennobled birth) 
How in exceſſe of Sence is Sence bereft her! 
That her moſt Aide ie effects of luſt 


Wound through her fle h, her foule, her flefh vnwoundeds 

And fhe muſt neede incitements to her good, 

Euen from that part fhe hurtesl O how moſi lilæe 

Art thou (heroike Autor of this Act) 1 
0 


M. C. C. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 
To this wrong d foule of Nature, that ſuſtainſt 
Paine, charge; and perill for thy countreys good, 
And fhe much like abodie numb d with furfeits, 
Feeles not thy gentle applications 
For the health, vſe, and honour of her powers 
Yet ſhall my verfe through all her eaie- lockt eares 
Trumpet the Nobleſſ- a high intent: 

And if it cannot into act proceed, 

The fault and bitter penance of the fault 

Make red ſome others eyes with penitence, 
Forthine are cleare; and what more nimble ſpitlts, 
Apter to byte at ſuch vnhooked baytes, 

Gaine by our loſſe; chat muſt we needs conſeſſe 
Thy princely valure would haue pure haſt vs. 
Which fhall be fame eternall to thy name, 
Though thy contentment in thy graue defires, 
Of our aduancement,faile deſeru d effect. 
Ohow I feare thy glory which I loue, : 
Leaſt it ſnould dearely prow by our decreafe, 
Natures that fticke in golden-graueld {pringsy 
In mucke- pits cannot icape their ſwallowings. 


But we fhall foorth I know Golde is our Fate, 
Which all our actes doth fafhion and create, 


Then in the The/piads bright Propheticke Fount, 
Me thinkes I fee our Liege rife from her throne, 
Her eares and thoughts in fteepe amaze erected, 
At the moſt rare endeuour of her power, 

And now ſhe bleſſeth with her woonted Graces 
Th’induftrious Knight, the foule of this exploit, 
Difmiffing him to conuoy of his Rarres, 

And now for loue and honour ofhis woorth, 
Our twife-borne Nobles being him Bridegroome-like, 
That is eſpouſde for vertue to his loue 

With fealts and muſie lle, tauiſning the aite, 

Jo his e Argolian Fleet, where round about 

His bating Colours Englith valure ſwarmes 

In hafte,as it Guéanian Orenoqne 

With his Fell waters fell vpon our fhore. 

And now a wind as forward as their {pirits, 

Sers their glad feeton ſmooth Guianas breaſt, 
Where (as if et h man were an Orphen ) 

A world ofSauages fall tame before them, 
Scoring their theſt· free treaſuties with golde, . 
And there doth plentie crowne their wealthie fields, 
There Learning eates no more his thriftleffe bookes, 
Nor Valure Efttidge-like his yron armes. 

There Beaatie is na ſttumpet for her wants, 

Nor Galliqus humours puttifie her blood: 

But all our Youth take Hymens lights in hand, 
And fill eche roofe with honor d progenie, 
There makes Societie Adamantine chaines, ; 
Andioyns their hearts with wealth, whom wealth diſicim d 
There healthful Recreations ftrow their meades, 
And make their manfions daunce with neighbourhood, 

That here were drown'd in churlifh Aurica. 


And there do Pallaces and temples rife 6 
Out 


672 


Shep f. 

8 — 
Illes. 

Cape Verde, 


The Englith Voyages, &c. M. Laurence K eymis. 


Out of the earth, and kiſſe th : enamored skies, 
Where new Britannia humblie kneeles to heauen, 
The world to her, and, both at her bleſt ſeet, 

In whom the Circles of all Empire meete. 


. C. 


Ad Thomam Hariotum Mathefeos,& vni- 
uetſæ Philofophiz peritiflimum , de Clans 
Carmen. Dat. Anno. 1595. 

Mon off Regio,quafi muris,obfitamultis: 

Cireumſepit aquis quos Raleana fuis, 

Imus habet langes Guaianaroceſu- 

hoftili gef ans libeva colla ingo, 
Hifpanns clinis illis ſudauit, & alſit 
ſeptem anno: ponies ; nec tamen inualuit, 
Namen ,ch omen ineſt numerit. Fatale fis ili 
Et nobis virtus fit recidiua, precor. 
Gualtero patefalia via oft duce & anfpice Ralegh 
Menfe-uno: 6 fatlum boc nomine quo celebrem? 
Nocte dieg,datis velss remiſque laborans, 
Exegit femme dexteritatis opus. 
Scilicet expenfis magnis non ille pepercst, 
Communi natus conſalaiſſe bono. 

Pronidus excubnit fimili diferimine lofeph: 

Sic fratres,fratrem deferntre faum: 

Famacoloratams defignet fibona,vefiem: 

Veftis Sciffa malis fie fait illa medis, 2 

Adra legei. Aure{que animumane tm ge. Tellin 

Hac aurum, & gemmas graminis inſtar, habet. 
Ver ibi pepetuum eff :ibi prodigaterra quotamnis 

Laxariat ſola fertilitate nocens, 
Anglianoftra cet dines ſi, & vndiqus flirt 

Anglia, ficonfers, judigna frugis erit. 

Expertes capitume volucres, piſceſqus ferafd, 
Pratereo: hand profunt,qua nonitate,placent. 
Eft ibi,velnn{quam,quod quarimus. Ergo potamust 
Det Dens,hanc Canaan pofideamus. Amen, 

Tui Amantifs, I. K. 


The fecond voyage to Guiana. 


Tinday the 26. of January, in the peere of dur L nd 1596, we departed from 
Portland toad, in the Darling of London, hauing in company the Difcouce 
rer, a ſmall pinneſſe, whom we loſt at (ea, infoule weather, the €huridap nert 
following, Fridapthe 13. of Febzuarp, wer fell with the Canaric Illands, 
wbere we expected our pinneſſe, actoꝛding to our aypoyntmeme, ſcuenm eighe 
payes. Pere we tooke two boats, the one a palſenger, we bulge che other wee 
towed at our ſbippe tterne, ftecring Southlouthwelt for the Allands ol Cape Verde. Theres 
hence we let (aile the 28. of Febzuarie, keeping a CMellouth wel courſe. In this paſſage wer 
found very lmoothleas,kalre weather, and ſteddie winds, blowing opditarilp betweene the Caf 
and J2opebeatt poynts. Reere 30. leagues ktomthele Fanos, wee came into agrotone fea, the 
fwollen waters making a ſtrange noile ¢ hurtling together, as ik it might be two ſtrong currents 
encountring ech other. The 12. o Parch wee ſounded and bar fannie ground in 47 fathame. At 
midnigbt in twelue lathom wer came to an anker, the ground landle osze. Oundap the 14. to 
warns nigbt, about ſome fire leagues from the hore, wee deſcried alow land in the bottome of a 
Bay. Tromthe 9. ol Parch ontill this time, we kept ko: the molt part n Sourhfouthwett courte 
The water in this place is (mooth, but muddie nd the colour red oz tawny, From he . 


M. Lau 


moſt of the Cz 
leagues. It (ee 
rather becaule 
proofe finding! 
theſt neere the! 
leſſe as the han 
maoſt admirable 
can endanger (I 
and the Core lig. 
wind- bound, o 
the krechets wb 
rectly off to fea 
cafe, as alſo in 
plate wherein 
deth in one deg 
ſhips direction 
it is lowe ebbe. 
e found not 
ol the nations t 
treys doe peeld 
reduce theſe di 
kept the ſhoze v 
thome. her 
we fawe two hi 
lying Nozthno 
towari, waripe 
from thefe bills 
miles krom the 
thirtie leagues 
nari, Caparwa. 
anker, Jj tooket 
nine others, int 
Wiapoco, att 
found tiventie ¢ 
suerpalled, bec 
tie miles, but co 
much Bzalill v 
ample, which 2 
of Magellan. 
were two Indi 
doubted leaſt w 
that wee came 
Captaine, whe 
lately chafed by 
que: and that h 
his countrepant 
diana, which fin 
low the Spanp 
people,anvofal 
polleſled. Wow 
fome of their wi 
moſt part towa 


| 


arted from 
e Difcouee 


M. Laurence K eymis. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


moft ol the Cape Verde -Illands onto this Bay J doe eftimate the diſtance to be neere 55% 
leagues. It ſeemed to moſt of our lea · men, to be the very banke of a ib oald vpon a lee · ſboʒe: che 
rather bet auſe without it, in the cleane greene lea wee had but 7. fathome depth: but after by 
proofe finding chat there is no ſudden alteration in any part of the coat, and that the lea is {moos 
theſt nese the land, we al wapes at night fought to anner in three op foure fachome, And doubt⸗ 


673 


{elle as the hand of God is woonderfull in all his wozkes: ſo herein his mercifull pꝛouidente is iu notable obs 


moſt admirable, chat vpon a lee · hoe ſubiect vnto a perpetuall Eaſterly gale, neither much wind 
can endanger ſhipping, by reaſon that the foule heauie water is not capable of vehement motion, 
and the fort light oaze, ik they touch, cannot bzuiſe them: noz is there any ieopardie in beeing 
wind- bound, oz imbaped: fog the molt forcible windes make the greateſt flood-tides, whereby 
the kreſhets when they take their oꝛdinarie courſe ol ebbe, doe grow ſtrong and (wift, ſetting dl⸗ 
rectly olf to ſea againſt the wind. Mee by turning went cleere of all Wayes : howbeit in this 
cafe, as alſo in the riuers, the vle of a dzoue ſayle ſeemeth a good and readie helpe. The lirſt 


uation. 


place wherein wer ankered, was in be mouth of Arrowari, afaireann gceat river, It fan: Woehe 
deth in one vegree and kourtie minutes: fo: we fell ſo farre to the Spouchwardes by pour lor: 1 
thips direction, Che barre without hath at the leaſt thꝛee kathome, at the ſhoaldeli plate, when ao.nmures. 


tt is lowe ebbe. The depth within is eight and tenne kathome. The water alwayes bpackith, 
Me found not anp inhabitants in this place neere the fea coal, omit here to recite the names 
of the nations that are boꝛderers, their townes, Captames and commodities that their coun⸗ 
treps doe peelde, as alſo the ſoundings, tydes, and how the coaſt lpeth rc. thinking it fitted to 
reduce theſe diliopned and ſcattered remembzances to one place, Ag wee palſed we alwapes 
kept the ſhoze within vie we and ſtopped the floods, Mill ankering at night in thee ox foure fas 
tbome. Allihen we came to the Nozth beavland of this Bap (which wee named Cape Cecyl) 
we lame two high mountaines like two Illands, but they ioyne with the mapne. In this tract 
lying Nozthnoz chweſt neere 6o. leagues, chere kall into the lea theſe ſeuerall great riuers „Ar- 
rowati,|waripoco, Maipari, Coanawini, Caipurogh. Cee ankered in two fathome not karte 


from theſe billes, and filled allour caſke with fret water by the ſhippe five, for in the fea thittie $e feat feel 


miles krom the mouth of any riuer it is freſh and good. This ſecond Bay extendeth it lelke aboue 
thirtie leagues to the TMeſtward, and containeth wit hin it theſe riuers Atcooa, Wiapoco, Wae 
nari, Caparwacka, Cawo, Caian, Wia, Macuria, Cawroor, Curaſſawini. here leauing the hip at 
anker, Atooke into the boate lohn Prouoſt, my Indian Anterpꝛeter, John Linſey, and eigbt oꝛ 
nine others, intending to fearch ſome of theſe riuers, and to ſeeke ſpeech with the Indians. In 
Wiapoco, at the foote of the Eaſtermoſt mountaine, where the riuer falleth into the lea, wet 
found twentie oz thirtie houles, but not invited. Tice Kapedthere but one night. Wanari we 


duerpaſled, becauſe the entrance is rockie and not deepe. In Caperwacka we {ailen ſome four⸗ 


tie miles, but could ſee no Andian. At one of their pores vnder the (ine ol a hill, wee tooke in ſo 
much Bꝛalill wood as our boace could tarrie. Amongſt other trees we cut downe one koz an ex⸗ 
ample, which A do verily beleeue to be the fame fort of ſinamon, which is found in the ſtreighes 
of Magellan. From Caperwacka we / aſſed to Cawo, and there met with a Canoa wherein 
were two Indians. It was long time before wee could pꝛocure them to come neere vs, for they 
doubted leaſt wee were Spaniſh. Then my interpꝛeter ha perlwaded them the tontrarie, and 


that wee came from Eagland, they without farther ſpeech oz delay, bought ve 2c Wateo theit 


Captaine, who entertatned vs maſt friendly, and then at large declared vnto vs, that hee was 
lately chaled bp the Spaniards from Moruga, one oł the neighbour riuers to Raleana,oꝛ Oreno- 
que: and that hauing burnt his owne houfes, and deſtroped his fruites and gardens, hee had left 
bis countrep and townes to bee pollelled by the Arwaccas, who are a vagabound nation ot In⸗ 
dians, which finding no rertaine place of abode of their owne, doe for the molt part ſerue and fol: 


low the Spanyards. te ſhewed me that he was of the nation ok the Iaos, whoare a mightie Che tao 
people. and of a late time were Los of all the le acoaſt fo farre as Trinidad, which they like wile on bite nan 


polleſſed. Powbeit, ich a generall conlent, when the Spanpards firſt began to borrow 
fome ok their wiues, ehcp all agreed to change their habitation, and dor nom lite vniten fo? .. 
mot part towards the riuer ol Amazones, But the eſyeciall cauſe of his pꝛeſent remooue I., 
becaule two oꝛ three peeres paſt, tmentie Spamards came to his tomne, and ſought to take his 
belt wife kram hen: ue before Chey carried her awap, bee at time and place ot aduantage kilied 
balfe ol them: the reſt ſledde, moſt ol them (oe hurt. Now in this tale hee thought it bet to 


well larte puouqh from them. Pour Indian pilot Ferdinando, who conducted pou ly Amana, kendwodo ths 
aud nad abideth nere the head of Deſſekebe, is one of this mans {ubiects : By whom (as it Indian pitors 


my ſeeme) bee hath taken good notice of our pꝛinceſle and countrey. Fo; hee delcended more Nach. me 


particularly 


674. The Engliſh Voyages, &c. AMA. Laurence Keymis. M. Lat 


particularly to iuquire what forces were tome with vs, alluring me of the Spaniards beeing in from the reſt 
Trinidad, and that the Andians our feicndes betwixt hope andfeare, haue earnemy expected our good, but not 
returne from Englandtheſe foure oz fue moncths. Chen J had anſwered him, that at our de: de man. may 


parture we left no Spaniards aliue to annop them; chat we now came on ſy to difcouer,and trade the Cat wart 

With them; and that irher Maleſtie Hout haue Lent a power of men, where no enemie was to leu. Where 

reſiſt, the Indians might perhaps imagine, chat wee came rather to inuade, then to defend them: parts cotton, 

He replied, that this courle very wel ſoꝛted with the report which they had heard of our Pꝛincelſe Wapaſſa art 

tuſtice, rare graces, and vertues: the fame of whole power in seeing able to vanquiſh the Spa and in operati 

nfards , and lingular goodnelſe in vndertaking to ſuc cour and de fend the afflicted Indians, was netret Ralear 

now fo generalſzthat the nattons farre and neere were all agreed to ioyne with vs, and by all into Raleana 

meanes pollible to aſliſt vs in expelling and rooting out the Sopaniards from all parts of the lan: vopd of trees 

and that we were decelued, it wee thought this countrey not large pnough to receiue vs, without Next Adios 

moleſtation op intruſton vpon ihe Indians, who wanted not choiſe of welling places, ik they fons monna,Mata 

fooke one to liue in another: but Rovve in neede of our pretence at all times to ede thems, and namma, in- 

maintaine their liber tie, which to them is deerer then land oz lining. Me then karther delired that emdxire, De 

he wuth his people might haue our kauour againſt the Arwac cas, who not being content to enioy ana. F tom C 

their groundes and houſes, bad taken lrom them manpok their wiues and chüldzen, the bet of noꝛthwell. J 

whole koꝛtune was, if they liued, Coline in perpetuall fuerte vnder ihe Spaniaros, Mee put the lea in altars 

him in good hope and comfope thereof. And hee to deſerue lome part of this friendſhip, commen what burchen | 

bed vnto vs an elderly man tobe our Pilote in bringtig vs to Raleana. Chen we were reap places. The 

zal wood. to bepart, he demanded whether we wanted anp Vrapo, which is che wooo, that is vluallp tatried boue Curitini 
from eheſe parts to Trinidad in Canoss, and is there ſold io the French for trade: he offered, f then Deſſekeb 

we would bring our Hip necre his poꝛt, to put in herlaving thercof, Bur becauſe moſt of cur tale lerne at any cit 

was not pꝛen- bound, and in making ſto wage - wap to remodue it, would haue bene the loſle of our poling Engliſt 

Miner and other dzinke; J therefope referred the taking of any quantity to fitter oppopcunities decauſe occafic 

cert lufficient at this time, to baue only mp boats lading therol: which alter war ds in err that haut been 

mitie of koule weather before we could get aboopd our thip , wee were inforced ina Parke night ſhew the wo) ¢! 

toheaue all ouerboopd: thinking our {elueshappp,co haue recouered thither at ſeuen roves ende, it the bꝛother of 

with laketie ot like onely. All which time wee could no where {et foote on Chore, bus rested dap and head, they palle 
night wet and weatherbeaten in our couertlelle boate, which was ſometimes ready to linke vuder dayes iournep: 

vs. Foz wee had in this place without comparifon moge raine, wind, aud guſtes then elle where alake, which th 

at aud time. To bee hiefe, my men became weake and licke, and if wee had ſtayed anp longer they know nod 

time out, J ooubt whether the greater part of vs had euer come aboozd againe. J aftetyntds lahe, and (a J 

vnderſtood by my Indian pilot, that this weather is for moſt part of the peere vſuall, nc ·te the ve now call D 

Wnieatonadle Illand Oncaiarie, which lyeth Noꝛth fromthe riuer Capurwac ka fome fire leagues into iht that they hunte 
the J lor om leatand that they bold opinion how this Aland is kept by Come cui! ſpirit: for they verily belene, i credit bp ouere| 
calafte. that to ſleep⸗ in the day time neere it lextept it be after much dzink.· sprefentdeath, Toe only not againe liue 
ſeaſon wherein little ratne doth kal there. is (as I gathered by their Cpeech, they oiulding al cimes followers,anv 

by their Poones at our Minter Volttice, The mother · wind of this coatt is fop the mottyart ta that place. Arr 

the Noztbward ok the Catt, except when the Sunne is on this fine of the Equinoctiall, for then luke wiſe prefent 

daf the lia. it often eures Moutherlp,but moſt in the nigbt. This our guld is ot the laos, who doe al marke Anthonie de Be 
marketbems themfelues, thereby to bee knowen from other nations alter this maner. Mith che tooth ofa nes, and the Ca 
iute.cobe | ſmall beat like a Rat, they rate ſome their faces, fome their bodies, after diuers lommes, s fit fell. Fo; whit 
other people, were with the ſcratch of a pin, the print of which ralure can neuer bee done away againe during The occation he 
life, Tihen he had ſometime conuerſed with our Jndians,that went from England with bs, hee When Berre 

betame willing to ſee our countrey. Wis ſuffitiencie, truſtinelle, and knowledge is ſuch, that if the un neuer likely 

pretended voyage for Guiana doe take plate, pou ſhall (A doubt not) find him many wayes Margarita c 

alle to feed pour Lopothip in pour deſignes and purpoſes. Foꝝ beſides his pꝛeciſe knowlenge of Berreo was vtte 

all the coaſt, and of the Indian townes and dwellings, he ſpeaketh all their languages, was bein in his old dayes a 
Guiana, is aſwoꝛne bother to Putima, who flewe the Spantards in their returne from Manos, farther verlateb 

tan ditect vs to many golde mines, and in nothing will yndertake more, then beeaturedlp will tetkoning, as the 

perfoꝛme. ofthe liate there 


Cothe Mell warn this Bay hath many good roads vnder ſmall Glands, whereof the greatelt wiiſe tould info zn 
named Gowaterizis inhabiten by the Shebaios: and heſides the plenty o foule, filb, fruits, wilde f to whome the int 
porks and peere, which are there to be hab, where Caiane faites intothe ſea, (fo? it ſtande ih in the but that pou, tbe 

N mouthes of Wia and Caianc) it peeldes ſale and good harbour in foure and fiue fathome lo hips tuinty, would lem 
PortHowsrd bl great hurthen. Ou all that coaſt we ſound not any like it: wee therefore honoured this place wouls ceeurne py 
prberwaile by che name ol Port Howard. The road vnder Triangle Iſlands, which are the — their wa, to tayo 


TW 0 pe eee — 
Kemis. M. Laurence Remis. Traffiques and Difcoueries 
5 from the reſt and ſtand in fluc degrees, 

nfo good, but not comparable with this o¢ 
hat at our de 

duer, and trade 

neinie was to 

defend them: 

Four Pzinceſſe 

suith the Spar ers, as alſo others 

Indians, us empire ouet rocks, as the riuer Caroli doeth 

8, und by all f broge of woods, the land within is plane, 

rts ol the land: lartes countrep. 

ue vs, without nanamma, Vracco, Mawari, Mawarparo, A- 

08, it they foy 5 tappo, Camaiwini, Shurinama, Shurama, Cue 

de them and Winitwari, Berbice, Wapari, Maicaiwini, Mahawaica, V/ appari, 

er defired,that emdrare,Deflekebe,Caopui,Pawrooma,Moruga,W ain, Barima, Amacur, Aratoori, Rale- 

nent to eniop ana. tom Caps Cecyl to Raleana, the toaſt trendett two bundzed keagues next hand Cietts Prom cafe ce 
n, the bet of noꝛthwell. In this varie tie of gooolp rivers, Amonna amongét the ret pote th himſelke into 5 —.— 
DS. Ute put the lea in a large and derpt chanell: his ( wifneſſe futfereth no barre, nod refuſeth any ſhipping ok g 
hip, comme, what burchen focuer thep be: within his mouth for good and hopefull reſpectes is pore Burley 

e were rea places. The inhabitants that dwell Eaſtward, doe neuer paſle lower then Berbice to trade, Ae 

ually carrier boue Curitiniin the woods they gather great quantities of hony. Farther to the Eaſtward 

she offered if then Deſſckebe. no Spaniard euer trauelled. In which reſpect, and that no ſea. card that J haue 

fF of cur cafke (cone at anp time, doth in anp fore neere acructh, deſtribe this cont: IJ thought the libertie of im⸗ 

the lolle of our poling Engliſd names to cercame places of note, of right to belong unto our labours ithe rather 
opportunities derauſe occafion thereby offer eth it ſelfe gratefully to acknowledge che hondur due vnto chem 

var ds inertree that haut beene, and J hope will Milt continue faucurers of this enterprise, The Indiens to 

ba datkenigte few che wo, thinetle of Deſſekebe (oz it is very large and full of Allands in t 

N MOVES ende, t the bother ol Orenoque. It lpeih Voutherlp into the land, and from the ther of Orenos 
reited day and head, they palle in twentle dayes: then taking their proutfion they carrie it on que. : 
lo linke vnder bapestourney : afterwards they returne for their Canons, 

en elle where alake, which the Iaos tall Roponowini, the Charibes, 

ped anplonger they know na difference between it y the maine fea, C 

J afterrards lake, and (as I ſuppoſe) it is no other then that, whe 

tall, na re the we now call Deuoritis, the Spaniards doe intend to bull 

gues into we that they hunted Wareo and 

erilp beleeue, 

th. The only 

iding al times 

e mot part to 

tial, fo then 

o doe al marke 

the tooth ol 

mes, as if it and is 
maine during The otcaſlon hereot grew as followerty, keputed a berg 
dwüh be, bee r Pafthardo at Cumara all alone,ex fofloyne, “ta 
ich, that if the an euer tthelp to compatle his intended conqueſt ol Guiana: the gouernours ol the Carac cas 

mam wayes Margarita conſulting togethet, (ent with all ſperde into Spaine to aduertiſe thelt king; 

knowledge of Berreo was'uttertp inable to folotw this enterynile, char be yup guten it duer, and did now ſoioꝛne 

g. was hꝛed in inhis old vapes at Faſſtiardo his houſe, minding elſe but his lolate, and recreation They 

rom Manoa, farther ver lated of how great impoztantcethis mmter was: nd chat an Engliſd gentleman of luch 

ausenlp will as Chep nume pour lopbthip to be: hnuing beur in Gui ans, and bnderftanding ſo 

ofthe liate thereok, and the nations thercunts adio png, as Topiawarie, being both olde and 

the greatelt vile could inf me pou or, mh alain conarmationot friendſhip, hav gluen pow his onetp ſonne, 

kruits, wilbe to whome the inhetitante of the countreꝝ dio bel alter dem; there was ng other kde lihood, 

tande ih in the but that pou, whe avuentured ſo farce, and in Cuch fort us yon div onelptu fee, and knowe a cere: 

ome lo; ſbips tar would teaue uothing vnattempted to poſſeſſe lo riety a cmtrey, and without all doubt 

ed this place twotels returns peſentip. Chat meane time. xouhad left this agen Wire aline, to bre a blocke in 
eo their wax, to wabonvatter his deceaſe; this encerprife un patent did belong, and to been weake: 


aduer ſarie 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. AM. Laurence Keymis. 


aduerſatie againg pour ſelte, whom at all canes pou knew eallly how co duſtreſſe: and that theres 
fore it might be behoouekull ke) his mate ſtle to reucke Berreo his grant, and to vſe their ſeruice, 
who wert readie aud willing without any de lap to vndertae the charge. T heſe new es being at 
large amplilied and delluered to the king: Domingo de Vera, Betteo his Camp - mader. who 
was (ent into Spaine,fiuc monechs before pout arriuall at Trinidad, with a ſufficicnt quantitie of 
gold gott en ou: of Guiana t leuie and furnith soo, men, hauiug gotten knowledge of this pyuc 
ule, ſo lolictted this cauſe in Berreo his behalle, that pꝛeſent opdet was giuen fop the victualling 
and manning of tenne (hips to be ſent to Berreo: and tarther, this gold Lope ſuch waight, that he 
hing tomm ind ed other 1 V. ol his hips to Rop at Trinidad, and not io follow their other directions, 
before ther Caw that place ſecured from enemtes. 

Bertec iuppoling that thele gouernours in lending with fuch {peeve into Spaine, meant him 
no good: to apprcour Lis care ano confanete , and that he neuer would pe elde onder the burthen 
of his adue rle toztune ; giuing no time oꝛ heath to bis abuerlaries nor bunſelte; re turned forth 
with to Carapana his popt,onclp withffteene men, being the (cattcred remnant of thofe whem 
poulately diſpoſleſſed of Frinidad, Theſe gouernours followed im, and alluring themfelues 
of prefent imployment from their king, pꝛeottupating the time ok their directions to bee recurs 
ned from Spaine,encered Guiana with there men, with full determination to murther Berreo ano 
to diſpatch all his company. They indeed killed two of thꝛee, but Berreo fledde towardes C. 
roli, where hee ſtayed hoping for ſuctour from his lonne Antonie de Ximenes, to come downe 
the riuer from Nueuo Reyno de Granada, The Margaritanes with their accomplices bulicy 
themleluen, lome in fearching che countrep, others in purueping of victuals out of the riuts 
that doe lie Ealtward. of which number theſe were , that enttedinto Moruga with twentte Ca 

2 noas. Santiago paſſed vp into I opiawaries counttep , and there tooke Francis Spaitowe ſit 
George Gifford his man pꝛiſoner, who with pleutie of gold ranſomed his life, and is now abis 
ding in Cumana. This dae, thep all returned to Trinadad, and beganne to builde their towne 
there, when vnhappilp to their (mall comkoꝛt the eight and twentte Caples artiued, and trale 
Santiago pꝛiſoner. Che other Actozs inthis Enterlude vantſhed, and in Canoas tetouered Mar- 
gatica and Cumana againe, Gighteene of the {ai Hhipsteauing all things in good oz der, depars 
ted from Trinadad to follow their others directions: ten doe petremaine koztilying at Conque. 
rabia and expecting our comming. 

Chis particular relation A bad from an Indian feruant to Berreo, that could fpeake Spanith, 
whom J tooke inthe riuer. He is of the nation of the laos, and ſrom a child bʒed vp with Berreo, 
F gaue him trade to buy him a Canoa to returne into his countrep, and fo left him glad, that bee 
had met with vs. 

Now the Indians of Moruga being chalr from their dwellings. doe ſceke bp all meanes poſ⸗ 
{ible to accoꝛd all the nations in one, (oto inuade the Arwaccas who were guides tothe Spa 
niards, in ſhewing their townes, and betraping them, Hod they are fullp perl waded, that by dꝛi⸗ 
uing thefe Arwaccas, who ſi rue the Spaniards (foz a great part ofthis nat ion doth alſo hate, oz 
not knowthem) out of their cerricopies and Trinidad, the Spaniards for want of bread, will bee 
inkoꝛted to fecke habitation farther oll, oz at the leaſtin time conſume and be wattet, 

nber The 6. dap of Aprill we tame to an anker within the mouth of the river Rale ana, huuing ſpene 
When Raleana, twentie and thꝛee dapes in diſcouerie vpon this coaſt. The chanell of this riuer hath fire op fee 
en Crenoye, in fathome depth, nine op ten miles off at fea,the barre lyethfarther out, and at low water hath 
not full two kat home. It bighes not abouefiue foote , except atalpring tyne, Tree ankercd in 
ten fathome the fir night: the nert mopning twelue Canoas came vnto bs, furniſhed and pꝛo⸗ 
uidedol victuals after their maner loz the warres. Ther Captaines names were Anwara, and 


676 


Aparwa. Theſe Caſſiques, when the Qpantards mare the loſt inrode in thole parts, were in the 
inland amongſt the ware wakeri their neighbours , bp which octaſion hauing lott ſome ol their 
Spenilh Pa- Wives (fo: nocmithſtanding their pꝛokellion of Chyiſtianitie, ſome ok theſe Spanlards kcepe ten 
02 twelue women, thinking themle lues wel and lurely blelled, howſoeuer they liue il their towne 


ganiſme. 
and houſes be religioully croſſed) tbey kept together 30. Canoas. hoping at our comming, which 


they had now long expetted to recouer this lolle vpon them and the Arx accas, who in their abe 
{ence had done this wꝛong. They ſhewed me this their purpole, ¢ requ red to be loyned in league 
of frinn thin mith vs ag aint our enemies. Ilben of them A bad learned fo much of the ppefene 
eftatc of the countrey, as they did know: they Demanded whether we had baought no mode toꝛtes 
with vs, but onely one hips J anſwered them as before J did the others, that wee now came 
only to trade, not knowing vntil this pꝛeſent that any Sopantards were in Guiana; that vpon our 
returne our whole fleete will halten to let fozwardes, and that in che meane time, wee tie 
no 


mn 


2 


g ee 


* depart 


Keys. 


d that theres 
heir leruice, 
res being at 
naler who 
t quantit ie of 
ok this pyac 
victualling 
abt, that ihe 
er directions, 


meant him 
the burthen 
urned Foopths 
kthoſe whem 
x themlelues 
to bee recurs 
rt Berreo and 
wardes Ca. 
come downe 
plices butien 
of the riucts 
twentie Ca 
Spatrowe lig 
d is now abi 
their towne 
d, and teohe 
touered Mar- 
oꝛder, deyar · 
gat Conque · 


ake Spanith, 
with Berreo, 


glad, that hee 


1 meones pote 
8 tothe Spa 
, that by dꝛi⸗ 
th allo hate. oꝛ 
read, will bee 


„ hauing ſpent 
ath fire oz le 
w water bath 
lee ankered in 
iſhed and pꝛo⸗ 
Anwara, and 
ts, were in the 
ſome of their 
rds ktepe ten 
ik theirtowne 
nming,. which 
o in their abs 
mep in league 
of the ppefent 
10 moze foytes 
ee now cane 
that vpen our 
„ wer would 
now 


ac 


— . ee 
M Laurence Oni. Traſtiques, and Di 


wow bitte our kriendeg, and helpe fo farre ag 

. * e 382 
en hee had cauſed mee tu lpit in my t AMD, wi 

chey vle in confirmin Anspr. oe we ; , 2 


nt to the thoare, and one of his 


ſcoueries. 


in any thing that wee fhoutn nde 
long difcourte (fo) their chiefeman layer with mee all 


other ceremouteg which 


Canoas he 
er twentie: one other hee cauſed to doe bp theriuer hee lent to 


Re Swe calling — the chiele of bis 
Smacas, og Indian bebdts, ear! one fi ted himſelte wi 
themlelueg the wonthieſt ve, 4 ＋ 


ting e malt delpitefully, and Magnilping their frienveg with 
aid honour, that map ber veuifen, L ep ſitte talking, an 

„ And until chetr wipes bee all fpent (for by them they 
lemme conference) no man mutt interrupt, oz dilturb 


ald prayers, which che now celebraten, keeping ciſe fatt one whole 


the ſhoald 
eri is the name of the tone 


Plaine, belowe the h 
* 7 cov 4 —. —4 Cara 
hat they 1 doe 
the Rluer Amecur, which 1 
cureguerai, fop th 


Carapan 
mountainous, 


then 


8 Barinia, 


ef wap vnto tt, 


w 
bzeaſtes are 


age is Chipatemai, 
12 


er doeth 

mouthez in their 
hem Ewiapanoinos, Mhat 
ppeare fabulou 


beſoze vs, to bm 
lx, they made (mail ers, — 


ig anton, ree 
2% OND deaths of their — 


and Tabacco fome twa 
mealute the time of this their fo- 


e chem iu any fore: 02 this is cheir religion, 


ty 
atefie, 
ende 
of ie 


Pꝛoumce 
here Macutle 


t is the rea 
la in ſome plas 
ari, doc dwell 


ne 


as lohn pour 


» aud that their 
The name of their nation in the chende te 


i baue heavy of u They pane 8 
mention, decauleit is no matter ol difficultic to 


t eoument heads 


8. Laſlly hee tolve mee Of an file 3 dogs, and 


de all te da 


p 
ng { 1 and that the Quepyn Mouneaines, wötre ns Ne ita, 
05 


hat the Amapagor 
Monin. ink und great Tope of vnmanned bores of the C 
fare from Carapanas Pot, when our intelligencer returned and inf 
mardes were lately Sone with much trade to Barima, where thele 57 
fiui brea; and that within one day two other Canoas ot | 
bp the Riuer Amana, ‘to Carapana hig Pott. 
, Upon this ovation Hep tooke coumlell 
tealt the es finding them from fi ig that 

dw 


ache Rer. The wo other Cant 
Gen, REA 1 * ebe 
e enen, Deetoo tote ve ne ee ty 


7 


knewe tame abourd 
mn departure trom thenee be 


om 


10 images of gold arm m 
aracashzerd: and they dwell 
bp the Riner about Caroli, Cice with our flecte of Canoas N not 
mid vs that tonne Spa⸗ 
dians dwelt, to bup Cal- 
Spaniards were appointed i come 


‘when the 
laces thep were 


7 5 , ſent of the Spants 


ABCD were $8 fubden atfalt 


ftom Tri ard s by the 


de with our Sonzes, 
11 went to en 
mimung. Wee foo) thinich : kugelig id Trim 
das Tete wich our (hy q 
i ei aa a 1 
i Incigbt papes Capting- uli before ae : 

tine no Indian that wer 
Mm Lnnhipneg 


. Fu the time our returne {ed 
emp; rte eer ems amc 


the 


ted bp the 


Spamardes at of Caroli, 


A Polt o 


| Topiawary, ite OF any practife 


ſelues altogether, and retiring 
to dekend the paflage to thole mines, 
laſt pecre: lee all not without gri 
made vopde, were witnelles of this their remooue. 
of their Tomne, an Indian came vnto vs with le 
informe vs that they were erp firong, that Berre 
two final Pinmiſſes at Trinidad, which they vaply 
view our ſhippe well. and our pꝛouillan, but eſpetially 
ſulpected, and therefore partlie by threat 
n ie Uk ante whe tructh, Cibich hee v, 
whereof twentie came lately from 
twith him about fise moncths 
n with his ſmall compante to 
is number is thus increaſcd, 
aud to goe but halle a league 
abiding wich hum. That 


and dur hungry hopes 
cor wichi mul ket thot 
and a ſquint epe, to 
that they had but 

and laftlp, to 


3 the 15 
a holy Fryer 
1 fperial note amongit the 
helde the Countrey to his vlc, by 
That there are teune chips, and in 
did feaxe, leaſt gle pop 
Spaniardes no 
Fade. were inch montanes not fare feo 
mbinance, which be meant to plan 
ben wer had ayen here two dapes, 
good, to abine there in harmes wap doing uo 8 
in the mountainess au turning downe the River wich 
in lixe houres: the next morning with ten thot A went anne 
rhinke chenifelurs too wette, wich our belpe to dilplant the Spanier a 
in arts nbs to FUE enn ache dle Hen de tabone; ba eke 
utp be directed vnto. Athen wee came to the A 
ich none of chem. It may be that feare 
ee eee Gilbert my Pügt bere offers wink 
of white tones neere Winicapora, 0 elſe toa gold mpne, which We 
iourney overlann, rom the plate ihre we now flayed * 
ine adiopning to this gold myne, and harung mes fuld 
path betta be teen ies a ae 
n. before, he 
e 5 190. Aubert bis ſignes and mathe 
de would haue Aude mee ink ir 
f 
in what font wi 1 711 


ſpungech waco 8 


ie 


chem i i ther 
this cafe 


1 
‘ 


M 
place and 
ok ſtrong 
that he ih 

J. tha 


vs: that | 
in election 
Gualtero 
Spantari 
thing, ant 
cept vs: 
our diſcou 
buried: bi 
dooings, f 
two places 
thippe tog 
poſlibilitie 
CUbile 
thee ment 
of Caſſaui 
reteiued. 
ſhould buy 
Canoa foʒ 
forces, wi 
ſufficient t. 
great tren 
This ſei 
ſome inſigl 
be hired, w 
That Berr 
ters ouer tl 
wiſe ſhould 
to remoue 
Caſſanariat 
polſeſſe Tris 
Negros, to 
feueral 
come trong 
ſoone after o 
with him, an 


ke tnhope ol 


K eymis. 


ne twentie oz 
ain the mouth 

oz hauing no 
py iopnen them 
ſecret ambuſh, 
were ‘ii the 
hungry hopes 
bn thot 
A ſquint epe, to 
at they had but 
er, and laſtip, to 
10, Topiawarie 


partlie bp threat: 
Which hee did, 
ame latelp from 
yut fixe moncthe 
nail companic to 
thus increaſcd, 
ut halle a league 
with him. That 
from Trinidad, 
ok that coaſt all 
man of account, 
ine men, and the 
nipa. and is aman 
re kinlman bath 
ing in che River, 
dians out ſriendes 
t Cumana (info 
des wulch Purina, 
im dre pu of 


t. 5 
was left, ol doing 
ed io erke Puryma 
ome wenne miles 
the Indians fouls 
et lome of them en 
from luch plates as 
joe; wer ewe tat 
it feate which is ee 
ere offered to bung 
ne, which Purijma 
we now ſlayed at an 
ung mee feed chen 
ules kum vs J doe 
pointed io ee 
ignes at 
25 oucrfallet 
opt without Digging 
geth end fallech kam 
Mime, at vies 
0 
More kit 155 


jon that 


M. Laurence Kemmis. 
wae ³˙ 


Traffiques, and Difcoueries, 6 79 


But our Indian, i when we returne, we doe bꝛing fore 
aſure) with it will vndertake fo to charme this Ozagon, 


and in this idurney had taken mu 
8 untaine haue taken lo go 
p: but withall conlidering that not 


vs: that Don Iuan the couſin of Gualtero, who liueth here à reuolt fr 
in election to bee chiefe commander of all th 

Gualtero his fake, whole inheritance hee fi 

Spaniardes abiding in Winicapora (fo th 

thing, and returne, cauſe ſome others of Be 

ceyt vs: and forechinking wi 


oue them: 7 
eto bee free from the hazard of the afoʒ 

at the ſhoare for the Indians, 

ant to Berreo, (ag beloze is mei 

ol Caſſaui. They had aletter ſent from the Gouernour to be 
receiuev. There was allo a great hatchet, and twentie kniut 

ſhould buy a Canoa, and hire Indians to carp her vp the Riuer 

Canoa fopfooth with foure other were to bee ſent to boing dow 


forces, which nowe haue bene, J chinke, full thee peereg in pꝛeparing. If flue ſuch boates bee The man ton 
ſulficient to on him, bis men and all their prouifion: it max ſeeme, hee comumetl with no 8 or Ximenes, 
cat ſtrength. : 

O Thisteruane as hee was a man of efpeciall trult, and necre Berreo : ſo appeared hee to haue . 
fome inſigbt is bis proceedings. ie thewen mee that the Indians, who with iheſe kniues thouly en 
bebtted, were to paite up lo high. as where lame of che Caffanaridoe dwel in final pillages“ lacan te me. 
Char Berreo his purpole was, when they came thither to leaue them chere, aud mute them oft, zurn nabe 
ters auer the other Indians: and in their places ſome of the Caflanari ſhould returne, who tikes . 

wiſe ſbould be made Juſtices and Conſtables ouer them of Guiana that from Trinidad hemeant 

foremoue mol of the olde inhabttants, that would be trattable; and interpole them amongſt the 
Caſſanatians of Guiana, and the Guianians of the Caffanari, That the Arwaccas ſhould wholip 
polleſſe Trinidad and the riuer five of Raleana. That they already alt pꝛouided of 
Negros, to Wworke th And that by this meance Berreo hop 
thele ſeuerall nations gainſt other, all to ferueh 

come trong, ant him. Me farther ſh opi 
foone after o carying Hugh 8 
g : and that the next 
heard of him w Tyger. 
miardes belecue 


June, when the Niuer halt 
sr — : tian Berreo 
ether in purueying o 
ich lla fozlaking their houles, h 
ae 14 the Spaniards are inloꝛted to ſeeke 
e. 

Juſayling vp the Riuer, wee paſled by Toparimacko his Pont, which in one place is b She Pont of 
fhoalbe, che chanell lying clofe aboord che thoave. (Cee retunen ehevetne mother 1 by the Tea 
naite river on the South fide : this bꝛanch wee found large, derpe, and without danger. Uhen Ere yoste of 
wer were come neere Carapana his ot, hee ent fiue 02 fire ſeuerall Canoas, Promifing this Carapana, 
dap and che next, that hee would come and ſpeake wich vs. Thus wee lingred fire oꝛ ſeuen dapes, 
but hereame not. In the ende hee fent one af his aged kollewerg, tu certt 


. certiſte vs, that her was 
k u tz wende: that the wayes neere his dwelling are not eatte : and that th 


e he de 
vs to holde him excuſed le not comming. This olde man dilatod onto OF hie Cat 
be. in hope ok our returne, Hath euer lince pour Lozſhippes being in that Countrep, kept the 
3 7 2. moim ; 


680 


Catapana& 
teat 1050 


oldering BY 


The Enelith Voyages, Kc. M. Laurence Remis. 


— 


— ——ͤ—„— 
mountaines, where the Spaniardes tan haldly any way inloꝛte him; that chey haue taken from 
him and his people manp of their wiutg, bet aule they reſuſed to furnith them weckeiy with a cer⸗ 
taine proportion of bread and victuals: that Don luan otherwile called Eparacano hath the com: 
mandement of all his fubiects,ercepting onclp a choile guarde of men ſuftitient to keepe the place 
hee nowe dwelleth in. That it repentech him ok his ambitton, cuer to haue fought by the Spa⸗ 
niardes meancs , to haue inlarged his Countreys aud people, Foz true it is that from che begin⸗ 
ning hee was a Loge of no other then oꝛdinarie power amongſt them, vntill hee had entered tn: 
to kriendſhippe with Berreo : fo2 then the Indians on all fives left ſome their habitations,and ma: 
nie their commanders to become his fubiectes, that they might haue the pꝛiulledge to trade 
wich the Spaniardes fo hatchets and kniues, which are iewels of great price amongſt thin: 
that hee nowe ſawe no other choile, but that the Indians mutt, if they will doe well, with. 
out karther diſlembling of their nerellitie⸗ eicher entertaine vs their friendes. 02 elle giue place 
to the Spanindes their enemies. Foz the plentie of galde that is in this Countrep , beeing 
nowe knowwen and difcouered, there is no paſlibilitie fo them to keepc it: on the one five 
they coulde feele no greater milerie, noꝛ feare more extremitie, then they werelure to linde ik ihe 
Spantardes pꝛeuapled, who perforce doe take all things krom them, vling them as their flaues, 
to rumne, eo toe, to bee their guides, to carp their burthens, aud that which is woꝛſt of all 
to bee content, for ſaketie ok their lines, to leaue ſheir women, if a Spaniard chance but to fet 
his eye on any of them to fancie her: on the otherlide they could hope for, no deſire no better 
ſtate and vlage, then her Maieſties gracious gouernment, and Puntely vertues doe prone, 
and allure vnto them. Foz, ſapde he, the other peere, when wee fledde into the mountaines, end 
mealured pour doings by the Spaniarps in like cafe, we made no other account, but that pour 
Commander being able, as hee was, would doubtleſſe haue perfecuten vs to the wteermot, 
as the onely maiutainers and ſuppoꝛters of pour enemies and would at the leaſt, if hee could 
not reach vs, take dur Townes, and make vs ranſome our wiues and childzen: wee found it 
karre otherwile, and that none ol pour well gouerned companie durſt offer any ol vs hong 0) bi: 
olence, no not by ſlealth, when vnknowne they might haue done tt, We then beleeuing it to bee 
true, that pour grand Captain reported ok his Princeffe, tovke this fora good pꝛoole ofher 
ropall commandement and diledome, that had framed her lubiertes to ſuch obedience, and of 
pour happineſſe, chat inioxed the benefite chereok: that Carapana weighing the good and kriend⸗ 


oh pre iy courte of our proceedings, docth humbly traue of her Maieltie for himfclfe and his people, 
Ries protec that with the reit of the Indians, which wholly depende on her Mintely regarde towardeg 


them, hee alſo may inioy her fauourable protection: that hee vocth this, not as a man left unto 
himlelke and foxfaken by the Sopaniardes, but as one that knoweth their iniuſlice, hateth their tu 
klties, and taketh it foꝛ bis beſt choiſe, vtterlp to diltlaime their friendſhippe. It map bee perti. 
neut ( as ſurelp it is a thing worth the noting) to conlider Howe this pefinent ok pour modes 
ration and goed older, which to vs ſeemeth a matter but ok {mall, and oydinarie reſpect, 
Hath both Alienated their heartes altogether from the Spaniard, and ſtirrev vp in ſhem 
true lone aud admiration thertof. Foz as governement is the oncly bond of common focte- 
tie: fo to men tamleſle, that each one to auother are, Omnes hoc iure moleſti, quo fox 
tes: Tomen, Flay, that liue in dayly tumultes, feares, poubtes, ſuſpitions, barbarous cru⸗ 
elties, nenerfleeping lecure, but alwayes cither munke, 02 practifing one anothersbeath: to 
fuch men as thele bee, who wanting dilcipline, iulice aud good onder to confirme them in a 
quiet and peaccable courte of luing, knowing not where to finde it: the fence and ſwecteneſle 
thereok is as the dewe of Hermon: it is as the armonie ok a well tuned Inliriunent: to 
bee biiele, it cavieth in it (ele not onely a due and worthy commendations but is anayleable 
without Geoke ttriking to gaine akingvome. Foz the Incians in all partes within and necre 
Guiana, doe offer their ſeruice, and promife to pouide victuall, and what elle ther coun 
deſuing onelp that ſome force of men map remaine with them, to deliuer them 
from opp? tprannic, And nowe by generall cunſent (though hatchets and kniues bee 
the onelp things of requett and vlekull vuto them) they bane agreed by nomeanes to trade with 
the Spaniard fo, any thing. ' 
Farther this old man fhewed mee, whence malt of their golde commeth, which is lonmed in fo 
wrany fafhione : thence cheir Sopleene-fones,¢ others of al forts are to be had in pleutie: where 


golde is to bee gathered in the landes of their viuers : (voi what partes the Spaniards, both bp 3 


trade, ¢ ocherwiſe haue returned much gold. This he vtteren wich Carapana bis tonſent( J doubt 
not) hoping therebp to indure vs to renne againe. F tonttarte to their lawe af ea 
y 


that but 


Remis. 
haue taken from 
ckeiy with a cer⸗ 
no hach the com: 
o ktepe the place 
ght by the Spa⸗ 
t from che begin: 
te had entered tn: 
itations, and mas 
iuiledge to trade 
e amongſt thm: 
op elle giue place 
ountrey , beeing 
on the one fine 
ſure to finde, tf the 
mas cheir fiaues, 
ch is woꝛſt of all, 
chance but to ſet 
oz deſire no better 
rtues doe prone, 
e mountaincg, and 
unt, but that pour 
to the vttermolt, 
leaſt, tf hee could 
en: wee found it 
of vs wong 0) bi 
beleeuing it to bee 
good pꝛoole olher 
obedience, and of 
he good and friend: 
Ake and his people, 
regarde towardes 
ag a man left vnto 
tice, hateth their nue 
It map bee pert: 
went of pour mode⸗ 
d opbinarie reſpect, 
ſtirrev vp in thet 
w of common lorie: 
e moleſti, quo foi- 
ions, barbarous cru⸗ 
ganothersbeath: to 
 confirme them in a 
Fence and {weetenetle 
med Tnflewnent: to 
nz but is anapleable 
tes within and necre 
chat elle ther coun⸗ 
hem, to deliuer them 
tchets and knives bee 
meanes to trade with 


uhich is laxmed in ſo 
e had in pleutie: where 
e Spreads both by i 
na his ane doubt 
their lawe ok ſccrtcil, 
* which 


; ae —— 4 . 
M. Laurence Amis. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


which in this cafe che doe al generally ablerue charply punithin 
mies onto thetr natiue Coumtrey: J found this hing the beakers thereof, as eue. 
rall eee es . N this man nu whit Ccrupulous, but very free and libe» 
ecaule we might knowe, that wee ſhould not want han 
dur enterprites, if perhaps wee ſhould finde e eh e e ie re 
red that the Spantarnes haue no Indians to fru, mea but fome ef the Arwaccas ulich l. 
they were not many, could bee but of ſmall face That the Charibes of Guanipa, the Ci nce 
nas amongſt the Tiuitiuas, the Shebaios,laos, Amaipagotos, Caſſipa estonia 85 foie 
pagotos, Serowos, Etaiguinams, Caflamari, with the rett of the nati ae e 
were allrendy, on What five ſoeuer che Sopaniacas hall irre, ta üghe phone shows 5 thas the 
Pariagotos, tough whole countrey they mutt Grit pall, are alone {ufficient to encounter them 
fuch is the feng) of them countcep , anv the valure ef the men. Che indians holde opinion, 
that they Lege ch inuulnerable. In che mountaines where they dwell, whi is 
shat ete eee e —— 4 19 055 chalet ba tan bee pierced; they imagine 
)hotwe the lwarewakeri haue nuuriſhed grafic in alt . 
eer a pion Ua d 
that ee the g 9 within danger thereof, Latin, bee thewen mee 
many thoulandes of the Epuremei, to keepe the bopvers of the Empire; 
the South fine of che mowutaines, fome one dayes fournep 1 5 itis Le 15 5 
Co be ſhoꝛt hee certifien mer chat they all were refoluen not tu ſceke pon them (for inderde they 


9 8 litle Lee their number 
e place where wee were at auto was but one dapes iourney from Carapana: 
made motion to this Captaine to ſtay with two op thyee of his company 0 the . 
tauſe his men to bring mee with my Interpreter to Carapana his dwelling: bee anfiwerch mee 
that it were not good fo to poe, leaſt perhaps fome Spie might inkozme the Sopaniardes therof, 
whereby danger would growe to Carapana. q; they haue many times vſtd many meaneg to 
reconcile him vnto them: but hee from time to time hath dalpen with them, neither pꝛokeſling 
e ee noz in ought thewing chem any kriendſhippe. Nowe (ſapde hee) if the 
3 call by any meanes come to knowledge, that pou haue conferred together, hey 
pe 10 1 1 8 all extremitie, as their open enemie, whom cheynow 
3 an | 
fun cma armeleſſe old man. And for this caule oulp hach Ca 
5 perceiued, that to ap longer for hem (tho tould 
to ſpend one ſeuenights move to ſpeake we th him) would reddit r toontan 
pectin d adobe ta ae sa 5 {peenie returne pꝛomtling them 
i einm batchets, k ther would reſtrue their Caſſaui, and moutbe tore 
of their pieces ol golde for vs: J deſired chis Captaine to bee a mranes pag 2 
t deſir at our fi — 
nidad might buderttann of our being in the River and that wee meant sees thera to ame, 
eee might bee. hee pꝛomiſed in Carapana his bebalte, that this ſhoud not bee 
ngotten, One or the Captatues of che Cyawannas, who dot now dwell in the iver Ara- 
wawo, nere Trinidad, vndertooke allo without faple to aſcertaine them thereof, J was the 
mone careful herein, becauſt fe many ſhiys being here, J doubted lealt they would take onder 
2 — Lane 9. — vs. #02 ſo indeede it fell aut. f n 
yawannas came likcwiſe to iopne with vn, and had protinen fife 
— — for that purpoſe. Their dwelling was lately in Macureo, where the S pant. 
1 e killen tmentie of thete meu, and hurnt thelr houſes, berauſe 
82 to trade with them fo) sercatne wpe bay made with manp heades which 
ak gotten out of Guiana, J fent a melent of Son te Cerapana, and then let 


Gn tuning deten ths river wes ſpent pracee where the chanel! 
tue found twentie fathome depth : where en (abet, toes bas tue ce thik es 
thathutmoncoy two placen, Or che oorehinelle of chin Riuer, becaule F canoe fay pnough, 

Llh 5. will 


Cmperours chicke Captaine for thole partes, hath gathered together our of 
Emperourok 
uiana his 
dd 
feare thett (hot) but to defend their owne, and to expect our comming. In the me 5 a 
i 7 R 2 ° ane 4 * : 
take oppoꝛtimities, when they fmbe any of them ſtraggling oz deuided from their Kang rt me 


681 NS 1 


682 The Engliſn Voyages, &c. M. Laurence Remis. 
c ̃ ůͤ¼T¼T•d nn — — .. ˖ ae ee Ee 
will ſpenke nothing. Tice haue pretumed to call it by the name of Raleana, becaule pour 
felfe was the firtt of our nation that euer entven the lame, and J thinke it nothing interiour to 
ö Amazones, which is bett knowen by the name of Orellana, the firt diltouerer thercol. 
N chanelot By turning onely, without helpe ok oares to paſle ſo long away in io fhoptatime, againſt the 
. winde, map Cufficiently proouc, that the chanell is very large, good, and likely totecond our 
Dörr ear Popes in all that wer can Delite, TMithout che mouth of ihis Niuer, our Pinneſle, the Dif 
With cher coueter, whome wee lot nere the coaſt of England, came unto bg. Shee fell with wis 
Pind. land ſamewhat to the Southwarde of Cape Cecyl, and had {pine thes. werkes and odde 
vayes in ranging alongſt che coatt, when thee mette with vs. William Downe iht Pa⸗ 
ſter informed mee that they entred, and learched theſe foure rivers. In Wiapoc o ihep ſayled 
fofarre, vntill the rockes ſtopped their pallage. In Ceiane thep went Lp ore dapes iourney, 
In Cunanama they found manp inhabitantes. Curitini was the laſt Niuer they had beene m. 
Thence, hauing no other meanes to linde Raleana, they were infoꝛced to bono a Milot as 
e de would haue returned with reward to his contentment; but 

would not. 
Our Englith that to Ceale che Fett bleſling of an vntradev place, will perhaps ſetredy batten 
1 goodcaneat. thicher, may ber beholdiug to mee lo; this caueat, ik chep take notice thereof, They map bee ab 
fired, that thispeople, as they no way fought our harme, but vied aur men with all kindnelle: 
foare they impatient of fuch a vn ang, as to haue any of their people perforce taken from them, 
and will doubtleſle ſeeke reuenge. The crample of the like pꝛactile vpon the coat of Guinie, im 
the peere 1366, and agaiue at Dominica, where Alberman Wets his ſhippe hardly efcapen bee 
ing taken, may lerue fp our warning in like rale to locke for no goon, before they bee fatilfien fo, 

aimee: 


iniurp. ; 

Then wee had taken aboozde vs fuch victuals as were in the Pümeſſe : wee fet fire in 
her, (for her Ruvver could lerue ber to no longer vle) and topping the fisones, plyed to 
winviuarve with the cbbe neere chethoare, vntill wee were lxteene leagues to the Caliwarne 

mer bk che Ninergs mouth. and then ttanving off to Hen, wee fell in twentie foure houres fapling 
Tabago, with Punta de Galera che jAortheattermott part of Trinidad. But hauing Tabsco-ttian 
i in fight, wee fick went thither. This Tlannisplencifull of all things, and a berp good ſoyle. 
It is not nowe inhabited, becaule the Charibes of Dominica axe euill neighbours vnto it, 
Shey of Trinidad haue a meaning and purpole to flie hither, when no longer thep tan kerpe 
Trinidad, Their onely doubt is, chat when they are (eatin there, the Spaniard will lecke to 
Melle it alſo. The Gouernour of Margatita went lately in a Pinneſſe to vir we this Ifans, 
9 — my Pilot who ſometime liued there, noteth it ko the belt and fruitlulleſt ground that het 

noweth. 

Chente wee returner to Punta de Galera and anced interme fathome vnder the Month lde 
of the Illand ſome ſiue oz fire miles from the ſayde point. The flood. ide further alonglt he 
the coaſt to the Ealtward very ſtrongly. Cee viſcharger a peece of oydinance, and afterwards 
weut to che ſhooze in our boat: but no Indian came vnto vs. J would haue ſent John of Trine 
dad to procure ſome of them to fpeake with vs: but he was altogether vnwilling, alleaging that 
their dwellings were karre within che mountames, and that her kne we no part of iat lde of iht 
Illand. From this place we ſet faple fo; Santa Lucia, but fell with Granata, which wee found not 

7 40 inhabited. Saint Vincent we hardly tetouered, by turning vnder the ler of the illand. The Ta- 
1 1 SPonvange baco of this plate is good : but the Indians being Canibals, ppomtifing vs Nope, and belaying 
~ a vs from day to dap, fought onely opopeunitie to betrap, take, and eate vs, as lately thep bad de- 
uoured the whole companie of a French ſbippe. This their treacherie being by oneot heir 
ſlaues reuealed, from thenteloꝛth they vid all foybtare to come vnto vs. To Lit dome onthe 
Lowe ſtooles, when they by offering luch eafe, will feeme to ſbewe curteſie, abodeth death to 
frangers, that all truſt chem. At Macalino da Martinino we found uot any inhabitants. L alliy, 
wee came to Dominica, where we could get no good Ta baco. But hauing intelligence ofa Spa 
nith thippe, chat was taking in ol frelh water, at che JRopthiwetk fide of the Fliand, wee way⸗ 
ed ro ta ſecke him. Pee niferping vs, Mole away by night. Che Indians of this place haue 
determined torcmeoue,and ioyne wich them of Guanipa, againſt the E paniardtg, who latelp 
di people one of their Illands, und at our being there one of cher Canoas returned {rem Gua- 
nipa, and certifies vs, chat the temme Sopanith ſhippes at Trinidad dat tise, ct ot shemat Com 
querabia, the reft at the (mall Glands netre the ug place. Werehente we ferred Font 
a by Eat, taking the otrecteſt courſe to ſho ten our wap home wards. . ays 


e R mit. 


ina, becaule pour 
bing infesiour to 
ilcouerer thereof, 
time, againſt che 
thelp to iecond our 
Pinneſie, the Dif 
hee fell with hig 
wrekes and odde 
Downe iht pn: 
japocothep ſapled 
ne dapes ioumey. 
bey had betne wv, 
bono a Pilot a, 
contenument; but 


aps ſecreip halten 

They may bee al. 
with all kindnelſe: 
taken from them, 
coatt of Guinie, in 
e hardly efcapen bee 
chey bee fact ficn lo 


ſe : wee fet fire in 
es tothe Caliwarde 
ure houres fapling 
ying Tabaco-tiand 
aD a very good fople, 
neighbours bute it, 
ger Lhep can keipe 
miard will lecke te 
Heft ground thatlee 


mer the Neith line 
eLirtherh alongtt he 
mce, and afterwards 
e {ent John of Inni⸗ 
Ming, alleaging what 
art of ibatfine of the 
which wee found not 
the Wand. The Ta- 
8 Nope, and Lelaping 
s latelp thep bed des 
being by one or their 
o fit downe on thee 
fie, abodeth death to 
) inhabitants. Lafily, 
atelligence of a Sopa 
e Fliand, wer ways 
ns of this place haue 
aniardes, u bo lately 
returned (rem Guae 
fome of chem at Com 


nice we ſieried sont 


Thus 


7 


Ad. Laurence Remis. Traffiques, & Difcoueries. 


5 Thus haue J emptien pour purſe, (pending my time and trauell i i lopdthip 
tii Ni- coaſt, — 9 5 —— thereat, Concent : 
PrOUlee, I pꝛetend nothing. opie Ja t 
er ma a N sar 2 es 0 defect reelle. 1 1 e 
5 acon ot the publique good that may enſue, 5 
2 sc 1 5 77 0 q be 5 4 ee by fach ſmall A e 
a 1 r, then to returne onely with lafetie. Mowee al ˖ 
cade not noubefull; my allegation ig no Wap needefull : pet be mi Sd 
‘and the expectation of others, ſeemeth of — ann cizhe vo date ome tiles oor ead iain 


rometying to bee ſayde by me 
8 pour truſt and fauour hath credited and graced with this em vment: a 
1e(Abeleech pout honour) if, where my lampe had pa it . ae — — 
which is vnſauqzie, feafon it {elfe with ſome ok the leauen ol pout otune wertete 5 
ching this diſcouerie. Che particular relation of ume certaine things J haue relerued, ag va 
ae ene who onelp, as knowing molt, can make bett ble thereof, doin in 
Aa ts here uche , as (A hope) map lerue to refteſh the memopie of this wonthie enterprite 
in th 8 concerne, ann teftifie pour care and expence in following che lan. ⸗: as 
ma ſetond age, when in time truech hall haue credite, and men wondering at the riches, and 
ſtrengch of this place (which nature it felfe hath marucloufly fortiticd, as her chiefe trealurt⸗ 
houte) Wall mourne and figh tu holde idle cicleg, iwhilett others reape and gather in this baructt 
ttbee not fapoe, that Ste Walter Ralegh tons of all men uing in bisbapes, moftiputtious ty 
coking, molt fontumate in attaining to the kulnelbe of an inettimable publique good: tf, knowing 
chat for enuie and pꝛuute reſpettes, his labours wete leſſened, his informations miſtruſted his 
poffers not regarden, and the due honour of his delerts imparted to others; FE Shap) fees 
ing, knowing and deating all this, hee with patience had perſiſted in ſo 

e aud Countrep ſeruice; and had but perfected his firtt diſtouerie by fending a thippe 

0 foy that purpoſe: fo; then ſurely all lets and Doubts being remooued, and lo largeakingoonse, 

focrceeving rich, ſo plentiful of all things, as this bp bis vilcourſe appeared to bee, being offered 
wo deuiles ind vatne lunmiſes could hate taken place: no lutions co 
pp elle and deakenelle in thoſe, that being neere her Maieſtie Doe {pend their dayes in leruing 

ye common weale, not to ſee, anvknowwe info weightte a matter: it had beene malicious ob⸗ 

wealth, i 

oncly vpon acceptanre, to ſeeke either to foreflowe fo fit an occation, oꝛ pe nica 
ble semper, in ouercomming 


better eſtimate. But betauſe our beleefe ſecmeth to bee mated in thefe 

ee an ol ſmaller profits is the readieſt inducement to quicken our benzhrpes: 3 
— as mine one epes might warrant mee, doe onely pꝛomiſe in the alozeſayd riuers Brat. 
— honey, cotton, Baſſamum, ad dug to heipe tu defray charges: and further, becaule with. 
Atte nee ae as ps of thefe benelttes vntu our countrey to any that ſhall 

ertaker ’ con 
3 i Sti Nb du. gtue fur) light and knotwlenge, an by cone 
and che rematne of my fewe peeves, J haue bequeathen wholly to Ral 

mp thoughts line onelp inthat action, The polecuting whereof is in — tuft, 1 
wcellarie. Juſt, becaule it is intended for che befence of harmelelle people, wha kearing thalls 
dum and appꝛeſlion, deſire to potect themtfelucs and their countrey 


ag may bee gathered not : 
mentionen in the diſtourſe tthekeh many Sopanith letters intercepted, but alfoby the 


4 2 


U 


2 f i 
5 2 ool 4 47) i! 
vi 7 
. 1 1 
vai 
d 
1 
} 


684 


—r̃ — ⏑⏑ NT, vx ,  AUIATENTT 
The Engliſn Voyages, &c. M. Laurence Keymu. 


cruelties, which 
land, whofe founvations haue bene layd in the blood of their parents and anceſters. 
Che forces that the Bpaniaip path already ſent to Trinidad, to fontifie there, and kerpe the 
patlage ul this riuer, 8 
this dilcouerie. Fon can it bee almali matters Dr bath ber lo watte imployment for his men 
and ſhipping, that upon no ground, pee would 5 
from Tabacco : ch what els that good is tin Tnnidad peelve vs? No pouddleffe , if there: 
turne of Berreobis Campe. maſter wich tere of iheſe thippes bee co 
uertiſements concerning hun + it wil apptart mone then probable, that 
thefe men and ſopping: and that they art nuwe moze carefull to obtaine this place, then to heepe 
others, which ther baue already gotten , which note, exceptin matters of extraogbinarie account, 
is not intiwent to eheie policie and proceedings, Againe, it cannot bee thought that either it was 
ſeulelelle mudneſle in the gouernours of Mergarna, andthe Caracas, to bring their fates an 
liues in quettion , by scontrarie to their kinga oder, to enter Guiana, and kill Berreo 
wich bis followers: 02 elle che abundance of prarle m Magarita, and the golde nines in the 
Caracas, Terming matters of Gnall account : Guiana onelp was in their indgement rich, 
plentifull, and abicof it{elfs to reneeme their treſpallt md offente, howe great ſoeuer it houly 


bee. 
Tbe ſund p atrenptes aap ouerthꝛowes of the Wpantardes being men ol power, and honow 
rable place, in labouring theeicope and chpee pectes aud ypivardes, to inlarge the kingdome of 
Spaine with this mightie aun great empire, doe 

was founds that 


made by many ſerming wife, ant theimpediments like 
„ are beſt mſwerrd by ihe vurepꝛooued wunelle of chole mens 
baue termed theſe vifcoueries fables, anvfantalies; ag ik chere had beene no 
ſuch land op tertitozit: others allowing both of the place, and that luch a kingdome m country is 
pifcouered, make concufion , that if it han berne fo rich as wee baue ſuppoled, that no doubt the 
king of Spaine wouln by this time haut pollefien it. But if chey tonb der that the punch na 
tion hath already conquered the two — of Mexico and Peru, with lo man other kingdoms 
and pꝛouinces: wee map verx well anlwere, chat bis power is not infinite , and that hee bath 
done well fm the time. And pet it ig manifett, that this very empire bath bene by all chote fe. 
uerall Mpaniardes (the catalogue of bihole names is bp it felfe hereunto annexed) at fundyp 
times undertahen, and neuer perfourtnen. Howbeie, the worl bath teaſon to admire their 
conttencie , and their great labours , and wee may well bluſh at dur dune idle, deſpaneſull, zus 
loptering viſpoſitians, that tan finde adilitte in another barren, and fterued nation, to pollelle 
ſo much of the woꝛde, aud cim dot nothing but frame argum 
touered, 
of the peoples loue , and that all 
her Mateſtie: che nauigation being withall ſo fhort, vangerlelle, and free from infectious fickee 
i the mindes of our men once mooued with tteapfat 


peepelp and ucerelp concerne the opanith king, and in a maner violently withold him fromebat, 
| wich ſuccelle, whileſt wee out of feafon vo affect the bare lle, 

cumtfpect in our proceedings. Ye is reporten, that Calanus the Tins 
pian thyeto dome befme Alexander che great, a dꝛie feare pete of leather, ¢ then put his foot on 
a ee enbes ait stbe eater beng ersbe volun a tat fine,coe on unde un By this the 


wife man did ſhewe vnto him a figure aum mitte of his kingoome , Which being exteeding 
Large mul of necellitie in afl pacts cxcepting che place ay apt altoapes full 
art g. nuts ann inl ‘afterwards contirmed,chat this ennie of 

nations , cout not keepe it felfe from nitisiution. Hao potentate Huang bath, ov cam bt 
faithful anv. incoꝛrupt „i bee the examples md hittories of fopepatlen times a 
ages. tice may bee balde to chinke that che Gourrnours = 


— — 


M. I 


would ini 
U ope one 
on: Conf 


ing ſo mai 
tyed toget 
ted out 


minions ol 
able himie 


with good ¢ 
if the Spa 


Indies 8 but 
eth onto me 
dilcouragem 
ner lomuch 


upotent; 021 


eym 15. 
al the In; 


b kcepe the 
ye ſeg aele of 


c, and hond 
kingdome of 
ime fought a 
eſlech thei de: 
teth the great: 
o tpꝛannie that 
ne wiſhed frp, 


ediments like: 
of thole meng 
roi 
pop countrep 

at no doubt the 


upotent; oppeelding that the poore Portugal hath chat mastering ſpi it and conquering 8 


A. Laurence Nomis. Traffique s,& Diſcoueries. 


— — — — ‘ 
Would minde it, chat their kings luſpfull delire, and ambitious thoughts to eftablity ouer all Bus 
rope one lawe, one Lozd, one religion, are built and erected on a dangerous vngrounded reloluti⸗ 
ou: Conſiderung that many of the neighbour kingdomes being of equall force mmen, 02 greater 
then hee can make, are ſetled in a long continued cftate , are entire within chemlelues, and hate 
ta heare the voyce ok a ſtrauger. It is not vnlikely that they in this cafe ſhould lay before their 
king the fatall deſtimies of many wozthicg, that haue beene conſlramed for wante of ſufficient 
numbers of their naturall fubiects, alter many peeres ſpent in the warteg, to retire to their owne 
countreys, and haue beene glad peaceably to holde their owne Digniozies at home, teſigumg 
all chat vnto others, which they haue gotten abzoad by hard aduenture, and much eckullon of 
blood. The Ring of Spaine cannot but vifcerne , that his ſpacious empires and kingvomes bee 
ing lo many, aud fo farre diuided one from another, are like the members of a monſtrous Lovie, 
tyed together with cables onely. Foz take awap the tratfique ol vnneteſſarie commodities trants 

ted out ol Spaine: thole huge countreys of the Indies hauing no common linke of affinitie, 
five, language, oz religion, and being of themſelues able to maintaine themlelues without 
fopreine commerce, are not fo finiple , as not tu knowe their owne ſtrength, and to finde, that 
they dee rather polleſſe Spanlardes, then that they are polleſled by them, Wee cannot bee igno⸗ 
rant that Spaine it {elfe is on all fives enutronen wich many puiſſant enemies, mightie and great 
princes, who knowing it to bee rich without men, confident without rraſon, pꝛoud and adnientu⸗ 
raus without meanes {utticient ; map happily conkederate to chattile him, ag an inſoleut intruder, 
and diſturber of all quietneſſe; aud going no further then 8 paine it felfe, may euen there ſhake 
the foundation of his long contriued deuiles, and in one acte redeeme the time, controll his alpi⸗ 
ung humor, and bzeake che bandes in funder that import leruitude, and ſubuerſion to all the do⸗ 
mintons ok Chriſtendome. Againe, his counlell map well informe him, chat to diſpeople and dil⸗ 
able himielſe at home, in hope to obtatne Guiana, being a countrey ſttong of it ſelfe, and defend ⸗ 
ed with infinite multitudes of Judian enemies, being rich, and by the inhabitants offeren onto the 
Engliſh: his contempt towardes vs would ſeeme lo intollerable and deſpightfull, as might bee 
ſufticieut to pꝛouoke bs , though otherwiſe wee had no luch inclination; ik hee vnpꝛouided ok a⸗ 
ble helpes to etfect it, ſpould reit himſelke on a careleſle pꝛeſumption, that wee cannot „ wee dare 
not, wee will not Mirren a matter that pꝛomileth vs lo great benelite, and map ſo highly offend 
him. hee may bee erlwaded, that to leaue no other ſuccour 02 ſafetie to his nakednelle, but the 
olde Male pꝛactiſe ot ſpꝛeaving rumours, and giuing out falle intelligences of preparations to 
inuadeEngland, thereby to keepe vs at home; op cis of hyping anv ſuborning lome Machauel⸗ 
lian vuder hande by ſecret conuepance , to ſtop the courte of our proceedings; on lattlp , of pppoe’ 
curing fome wilde outlaw to diſquiet our tranquillitic; is but a poone, weake, and vncertaine 
fap to vpholde his eſtate by. And pet ſetting ſuch like dꝛiktes ative: what can bee imagined likes 
ly to hinder vs from pꝛeuailing in Guiana, rather then him, whole diſaduantage is to bee en⸗ 
combned with che feltefame, and manifolde moze impeniments, chen can any way bee ſuppoſed, 
with good taule to impeach, oꝛ diuoꝛce vs fr5 fo profitable an attempt: All this notwichſtanding, 
if the Spanith king not being able to villemble his deſtre, oz beare the lolſe of this one king 
dome: putting himlelke out of his ſerength at home, and expoling his people ta the hazard of 
all cafualtics abꝛoad, bee reſolued, whatloeuer ſhall happen, not to relinguiſh Guiana, but to 
keepe this one pron mone in the lire, on no other alſurance, but a peremptoꝛie dildaine of pzeuen⸗ 
tion: Ik hee appeare ſo eagerly bent for Guiana, a it it were tnacted koꝛ a lawe amongũt them⸗ 
ſelueg, Vis & modis to thuſt foꝛ it, and not to heare, conceiue, oꝛ beleeue any thing. that may 
diſſwade op deterre from the conqueft thereok: it then appertaineth vnto vs, not to inforce thole 
obiections againſt our ſelues, which hee with leite reafon reiecteth as friuolous; fitice by howe 
mich che moze carnett hee is in following this purpoſe, by fo much the leſle caule haue wee to 
bee diutrted from... To ſuch as ſhall ber willing further to wade in this argument; for bꝛeui⸗ 
ties fake, J doe pꝛopole onelp this bare allertion: that England and Guiana coniopned , are 
fronger, and moze eallly defended, chen if England alone ſhould repole her felfe on her owne 
fonce, and powerfuincile. The reafons that might bee inkerred to pꝛooue this need x0 ratio: 
nail diſcourſe: they are all incimaten in the onely crample of Spaine it felfe ; which without the 
Indies s but a purle without money, o a painted ſheath without a dagger. In ſumme: it ſcem⸗ 
eth vnto me, that whereas the diflicultie of performiue this en e hath bene pꝛoducer for a 
difcouragement: it were antl conceit of ſtrunge weakenes in our felues to diltruit our oton yo. 
wer la much m at leatt, our otone hearts and courages; as valewing the Spaniſh nation to be om. 


686 


Wer Paieſtie. 


—— nhac 
The Engliſh Voy ages, &c. A. Laurence K eymu. 


aboue vs; as tu bee able to (cate bimiclfe amongſt the many mightie princes or the Cea la- 
dies, to frontire China, to holde in lubiection The Philippinas, Zeilan, Calecut ,Goa, Or- 
mus, Mozambique, ard the reſt; the navigation being lo tedious and full of perill: to ſuffer 
our lelues to ber put backe for woꝛthleſſe cyphers, out of place, without account. All which Re: 
griong being uowe alfo bp the late conquett ofPortugal!, entitulen to the Spaniſy king sto whom 
the Colontes of thoſe parts doe pet ronerally refule to lweare kealtie and allegiance + and the care 
Depending on him, not onely in goucrning them in the Caſt, ſo farre off; but alfo of ondtring 
and ſtrengthening of hole vilunited, ſtattered, ¢ ill guarded empires and prouinces in the Ticks 
It might very well bee alleaged to the faye Sopanith king, that it were mode wiſedome io) him 
ta allure and fortitic ſome part of thoſe alteady gotten, then to begin the conqueſt al Guiana, fo 
fare leparate from the reit ol his Indies : in which hee hath had fo manp mifforcuncs, and againtt 
whom che naturall people are fo etuoully bent, and oppolcp: were it not, that it execedeth all 
the reſt in Wundance of gold, and other riches. The cale then fo ſtanding, is it not meere wretch: 
ednelle in vs, to fpend our tine, byeake our fleepe, and watte our bꝛaines, in contriuing acauilling 
alle title to pefraude.a neighbour of halfe an acre oklande: whereas here whole hires of fruittull 
rich grounds,lping now waſte fo want of people, vo pꝛoſtitute themſelues vnto vs, like a faure and 
beautikull woman, in che pride and floure of delired peeres: 

If wee doe but conſider, howe vnhappily Berreo his affaires, with his alliſtants haue ol late 
peeres, in our odone knowledge ſucteeded: who can fap, il che hand of the Almighty be nat againſt 
them, ann that hee hath a wolke in this place, in ſtead of Papiſtrie, to make ibe Uncere light ot his 
Galpell to Thine on this people: The effecting whereok ſhall bee a ropall crowue ok euerlatting 
remembrance to all other blellings, chat from the beginning the Lopde hath plensitullp porwgcd on 
aur dꝛead Boueraigue, in an eminent and ſupzeme degree of all perfection, FE the Cattlians,pre- 
tending a religious care of planting Chnittianitie in thoſe partes, haue in their doings precchen 
nought cle but auarice, raping, blood, death, and deſtruction to thoſe naked fheeplike creatures 
of God; erecting ſtatues and trophees of bictopic vnto themfelues , in the flaughters of millions 
of imocents : voeth not the crie of the poore ſuccourleſle afcend vnto the heauens : Path God 
koꝛgotten to bee gracious to the wofkemanſhip of his owne hands + Oz; ſpall not his iudgements 

of vilitgtion by the minitterie ol his holen ſeruant, come on thele blobdthirſtie butchers, 
poll: Aliquando manifesta aliquando oceulta ; temper iufta ſunt 


ce to begin, and ende this workes the matt: 
gne power, auchozitie and commaundement. The 
uiſion that the Spaniard can make to the 
e riuer be all Drowned) to conuey 
e ſent thither, 
in any cauſe peelde to a⸗ 
and with the helpes of 
Ican dilcerne 
her Maleſtie 


where his money maketh wap to his ambition. 

Bf che netellitie of following this enterpitſe doch nothing vrge , becauſe in ſo me cafe better 4 
mifchiefe, chen an intonueniente: let the conueniencie chereof omewat mooue vs, in refpect both 
of ſo many Gentlemen, fouldiers, and younger bothers , who, if forwant of employment thep 
doe not die lite clopen tattell in ranke eaſefulneſſe; are enloꝛced lo maintenance fake,fometines 
intake char tl ard bla wer courfes : and in cefpertof fo many hanpyeraftimen bauing able 
bodies, that voe live in cleannelle of teeth and pouertie. To facrifice the chidzen of Belial bute 
the common weale, is not tonefile the lande with blood, be cauſe the lawe of God pocth not nt 

5 i 


M. Lau 


1 
hibite it, and 
ſucke and feet 
cut downe fre 
ſhall plant ant 
nourable and 

To conc 
ſen, and ſince 
ſeale. Ikeicht 
to our enemie 
peeres ſhewe 
nothing. Ch 
that her is iont 
France and F 


— 


mi. 


Eat In- 
30a, Or. 
to ſulfer 
hich Re: 
towbom 
bibe care 
ordering 
Cictt: 
ne to; him 
juiana, ſo 
AD againſt 
teedech all 
re wretch: 
a cauilluig 
of ſruitlull 
a fare and 


aue of late 
not againſt 
light of his 
euerlatting 
powzed on 
Hliang, pꝛe⸗ 
18 pꝛeached 
e creatures 
ok millions 

Wath God 
udgements 
ie butchers, 
et iuſta ſunt 


e+ the main⸗ 
ment, The 
make to the 
d) to conuey 


e perlde toa: 
the helpes ol 
tan dilcerne 
her Malellie 
planted there, 
. Subiccts, 
together. in 
oon af perpes 
then luch, as 
ed, is ok cons 
the crowne ? 
rather pooue 
Chpiftendome, 


ac cafe better a 
n refpect both 
ployment thep 
ke, fometines 
en having able 
1of Bela) vnto 
doeth not pid 
bite 


M. Laurence K gymis. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 


hibite it, and the execution of iuftice requtteth it ta bee fo: but pet if the waterbo 
iucke and keeve on the inice, and nouriſhment that the fruitefull . uuue ee 1 — 
cut downe fromeche tree, and not regarded: luckie and pꝛoſperous bee that right hande, that 
ſhall plant and polleſle afople, where hey may fructifie, increaſe, and growe to god: thaile ho. 
nourable and bleſled bee the memopie of fo charitable a deede, from one generation to another, 
Ti conclude, pour lorthip hath papd for the diſcouerie and ſearch, both in pour owne per. 
fon, and ſince bymee. Dou haue framed it, and moulded it readic fo her Maieſtie, to let on her 
leale. A either enuie op ignoꝛ ance, oz other veuile krultrate the ret, che good which (hall growe 
to our enemies, ami he lolle which will come to her e aieltie and this kingdome, will after a ewe 
peeres ſhewe it elt :. Ulee haus mofe people, more ſhippes, and better meanes, and pet doe 
nothing. The Spaniſh king hath had fo lweete a taſte ol che riches thereof, as notwithſtanding 
chat hee is io de of ſo many empires and kingdome / Uready, notwithſtanding his enterpziſes of 
France and Flanders, notwithſtanding that hee auenoed this peeve a home inuaſion: pet hee fent 
twentie eight faite to Trinidad, whereof tenne were fo; that place and Guiana, and had ſome 
other ſhippes reap at Cadiz, if the ſame had not beene by my Loves her Paieſties Generala 
and pour N Soret, thet eceetont 
N one wonde; The cimeferueth, che like o elvome happeneth in m 8, the fi 
mer t confiveracions doe all iopntly together impoztune vs, Nowe , Se ee iJ 
felines rich, our potteritie happie, our {pice cuerp way ſtronget then dur enemies, and tu elta · 
bith our Countrep in a fate flourithing and peaceable, O let not then ſuch an invignitie reſt on 
vs, as ta dep naue fo notable an encerypile with falle rumo pe, and vaine ſippoſitions, to lleepe in ‘ 
foferious a matter, and renouncing the honour, ſtrength, wealth, and ſoueraigntie of fo famous 
a tonqueſt, to leaue all vnto the Apantard. a 


A Table of the names of the Riuers, Nations, Townes, and . 
Cafiques or Captaines that in this fecond voyage were difcouered, 


Captains. 


Paratweas, 


Charibes, 


Marowan- 
nas,Chari- 
es. 


no- 
rakki, 
Wacacoia, 
Warifeaco, : mai ta bee branches 
Charibes, of the great riuer of A- 


W . hen wee 
with land, wer 

wre e varie. 
pozt, but i. Dapes tours 
nep from che greatelt 

A riuer 


* 


688 : TheEnglith Voyages, Ge. AI. Laurence Km. 


Rivers. | Nations. Townes. ] Captains.] jriuer, that is om that 
Caiane g. Wiaco.Ch, | |Camawi, g. 6 Ebe lirſt moun: 
Gowaters a Orinnkere, taines pappeare toith 
greatiland, | | Shebaios, in lande, doe lie on the 
E of this riuer. 
Macaria, | \Pitaos, Ch. From the mouth there. 
of, the inhabitants dot 
palle with their canoas 
Carroora. | Arawaccos in 20. to the ſalte 
Charib 5 Manos 
A. ¶Ipeios. Ch. Mandeth. The water 
ri. hath may Cataracts 
Cureey. Sheba los, like Caroli, but that 
Carafawini.| |Shebaios, | | A¢ufivara, they arc of greater ty 
great. one kü anotha: 
Cumanama, Iaos. Warstappis where itfalles into the 
Arwaccas. great, fea, bils do inclofe it en 
Vracco. Arwaccas. both laden. 
Mornga. Arwaccas, 10 Che ſteſhet thors 
Mawari, | |Winicinas, | | vanama, fopsesthe fea ox) 
_| | Arwaccas J 
Mawarpari.) Arwaccas, | Awarieana: bigh,and byeake,as tft 
Of rocks: but 
moni} Charibes, laremagpo, it is no 
cpp very 125 as but pad ehre 
2 . Paracuttos, 
f Wiaviani, 
25 | A 
4 7 po. i 4 | 
26 | Weapon 722 
. 6 
29 ach, a ee 
30 Cham. |Carepini, 
gente Charib. 
31 | Fcrowte, «24: Vpotom- 
32 P, mas. 
Ci pcb A waccas, 
33 Sarin Care pini. 
Ae Bee 
34 ‘Shor e g. Oarepini. 
11 rea Char, | 
er ee. | Arwaccas, 
Sr ee. | 
a oie dd 
N Caim ini. Neckeari, 


21. Reece the head of this 
920 saree po falleth out of 
a runneth into the 

— pe wich Curitinl. Dome ok 
e riuer. 
29. This riuer, as alfo mot 
el cy reſt, is 10 sr aera 
he ale aed by reas 
tava It is tenne paper 


fortrriey to the . . — d 


eftecmme ok them, 1 
where they are “wa canen at 
—— 


eres of gold Sa . N b 
each one 


then o 
te, Here are al 
 fontes of other 
BOs, 


2 Oy tare 


trial, will be foun meet tanie 


en age. 


—, 


parecpo, 
Pasapara,, 


Heul r aint 
] Pepſone 


pam Aue lia. 
bye 29. bap rwe ate 


fr Portland y 
der he maby gg 
eee 


8 


— —— 


690 The Engliſn Voyages, &c. AMA. Laurence Keymis. S 


Here fo low the names of thofe worthie Spaniards that haue ba. Goto 
fought to diſcouer and conquer Guiana : Extracted out of the writings of and baue 
im — 3 2 8 the booke intituled, Primera parte de las ba 
( 
i e enteryrifc of Guiana wan merten by Die o de Ordasb the of Le. Dian s of 
—_— on, in the peere 1331. Se erer dend vate G cong of Mex 17 U 
2.0. T bis Ordas made his entrante bp the riuet of Amana, by which wee tutred, and {pent ültie ende wad 
a ie napes betope bee came tothe cba e e which we pat infifteene, See namen che riucr 38 R 
Get entred, vy which bee entren, Viaparis tobich name it till vetainedl m the Opaniſh detcripeions. It lyeth font ol bis 
gated by Diego Pouch om Trinidad forme fue leagues, ihe tranfpoyteD out ol peine a fouipiers. be 19 Pe 
| — ei Ame 1 Gen 
. J 2 Iuan at Amazones m Orellana with thee hunde men: Hee un 
murched up into the counter. But neither her nop any of bis companic did recurne againe. f lay Ane 
3 Gafparde artes, ins ee Mothers, Departed from Teneriff, acconnpanted wich two 20 F 
men ba alli Diego de Saban ſougbt EI Dorado bp the riuct of Amazones: fo) Guian 
Dut eapions eve a toys came, cher fel bent t0 Trinidad, where thep all tee were buried. became a 
4 luanGonfales (et (aile from Trinidad to vifcourr Guiana. Ve repofen himntelfe moze on the In thi 
of bis guines, then on dis mal number of men. Dee bp triall founne the confines of Guia- maggot 
na, lo furt as het entre, to bet 4 of bictuall, and rich in golde. Upon ſuch fechings ( 

* with him, to make goo bis repodt, manp others awurnturtd lo follows alle 
who both ſutrelliuely commanded the As Nchiz 
flaine by an Indian Cafique named Porima, of Gui 
After great trauril and bis eannot fu 
8 i 0 the Adelantado, am Pedro d — 

9 0 
were boch at und zy tines 8 conqueſt. . eee . rest che 
10 Father Tala, a Fuck, taking with bimonelp one companion, and Come Indian gu cage the 
ae oa 
7 k, 0 ed ; 
— de Az the fecon tine to put i lt vi 
11 Hernandez de Serpa allo wupertooke it. The iam of C coaſt o 

oefeaten bie wut. seen ! it. The of Cumꝛna goto killed him, an 1 fre 
12 Afterwarnes, Diego de Vargas, and is fonne Don Iuan followed thia count it 2 
their fivtt letting out were lat bythe 1 5 65 si this enteryit, am a his water 
13 Caceres bnpertooke this vifcourrp from Nueuo Reyno de Granada. Ver tame no ttt. feaswhe 
er to it then Matachines, which badet pon che Capo king dome of Granada, Wee tiſttd there ltt 
sec fuera times. Her endured great . 
: H rom 
was at aft laine bp a Hee fought it by Viepari q Amana, am . e 
whom Herrera aud Auguftine Del- en 
gd ea patience 
ing — bee the Spani 
Tigers being cubrilts, ale Gar ae 
much ceouble hardly vefenden iends ne 
of bis feat profi 
tionstodi 
fearchen the coumtrey 4 Prot 
footemen,anb three Tbe warres that were wale through t 
Sele of the mountained feruen meli for bis purpole, By which paile anytime | 
ſo farce, untill be came to au Jnbian Cafique, named Garamenral, apo cuterianns kee 
kindnelke, 25mm gane bin fon a pyefene fonte rich iewels ol godde, fie fermclp pages, tenne pat Howbeir, 
flaues, tnd three upiepbies erp beautifull auhc bare he names of there younces from whence ver oF Ral 
che were leut to Garamental chiete communes of oi that commit. T 8 Rien 
. : 35 L ing 


sdro de Orfua 
ian 

me i 
to pafle in like 
killed him, and 


terprile, and at 


t came no ner · 
hee vittro there 


endured great 
q Amana, a 


M. Laurence mit. Traſfiques, and Diſcoueries. 


ba, Gotoguane, and Maiarate. Theſt prouinces ae of an excellent temperature, verp healthkull, 
and haue an admirable influence in producing faire women. The Spantar ds alterwardes tore⸗ 
quite the mantlold curteſies that theprecetucd in that tountrey, cooke and carried awap, beſides all 
— 5 2 they pom ens 2 — 45 ter er lap holde on : they sonueped chem in 
ubagua, and ſould them foʒ aus. Delgado afterwards was thot in 

em awit br bein, 0} i 8 ſhot in the eye by an In 

17 Diego de Lotada ſutteeded iu his bꝛothets place. ee han emen; who in 
mide walter themſelucs in mutinies: — . — aon vee 4 

18 Reynoſo vndertocke this tourney : but haung endured excecding troubles, in the diſcom · 
font see aue — 72 3 

19 Pedro de 6 peert 1560, ſought it with 400, Spaniards by the riuer of Orel. 
lana, Wee imbarquen his men in the countrey of che —— As they palled votwne the riuer, 
they found Spnamom trees, Pis men murthered him, and alter ward the ſayde rebels bebeaven 
latip Anes his wile, who fox ſooke not her lord in all his trauels vnto death. ‘ 

20 Frier Francis Moncefino was in the pꝛouince of Maracapana with 100. ſouldiers bounn 

lo; Guiana, whé Lopez Aguirri thetppant mane inlurrection in all thole parts of thelndles. IAlhat 

became uf this intended tourney is not exppefien, be 

In this diſcouerie of Guiana, you may reade both of Orellana, who diſtouered the riuer of Ax 
mazones An. 1542. and ol Berreo, with others that haue trode this maze, and loft ty emlelueg in 
feching to fiude this countrex. be a 


An aduertifement tothe Reader. 


i this Breuiarie,the names onely are comprifed of fuch,as being led with the generall fame 
of O. haue indeuoured to diſcouer and poſſeſſe it, The Whole hiſtories dfe long and 
eannot ſuddenly be tranſlated or englifhed at large, as we in theſe Elegies finde them. lc may 
perhaps feeme ſtrange and incredible , that fo many caualleros fhould all faile in this one ate 
tempt, ſinc e in many art of the Jndies,far ſmaller numbers in ſhotter time haue pet formed as 
reat matters, and ſubdued mighty kingdomes : I haue therefore thought it good here to al- 
cage thofe reafons, which by circumftance may bee gathered to haue beene chiefe impedi- 
ments to the Spaniard in this intended fearch and conqueft, ts 
The firſt may bee the remoteneſſe ot diſtance of their places of Rendewows,from E / Doradet 
which apf ere to be ſoure. Musee Reyno, the mouth of Amazones or Orellana, Cubagua ot the 
coaft of the Caracas, and Trinidad, 5 
1 From Molobamba,where Orellana hath his hen · ſpring, to his mouth, the Spaniards ac 
count it 2000. leagues. Releana riſeth neere the ſaid mountaines in Moiobamba, & tributeth 
his waters to the ſea, not farre from the other: Guiana is enuironed with theſe 2 freſſater- 
ſeas where their diftance is greateſt from their ti ugs, andis beſides guarded with inipaffable 
mountaines which inclofe and defend 
maruel then, ifthe vigor, heart, & life o ſe Spaniards, who ſought it frõ Nweno Reyno,were 
allayed & ſpent, before they came necre to it, in thoſe long, deſolate & vncomfortable wayes, 
a From Cabaguato feeke it by (ea in vellels of any burthen, is a worke of fas greater labour, 
then to faile directly from Spas, And to paſſe ouer land is a matter of great difficultie byrea- 
fon that the Indian nations inhabiting bet weene the coaſt of The Caracasand Guiana, bein 
wearied andharried with the daily incurfions of the Spaniards, haue now curnedtheir sbofed 
atience into furie, refafing to fuffer any forces of men to be led through theircountreys, For 
he Spaniards trauelling in thoſe parts, when they found not gold anſwerabſe to theit expecta- 
a ouerlaid them with cruelties, tyrannie, and thraldome: forbearing neither men women, 
iends, not foes, Which maner of dealing, though in ſome part it fatiffied their defire of pre- 
ent profit ; yet hath ic other wiſe done them much harme, in hardening and dt uing thoſe na- 


1104 714 


tions to deſperate teſolutions. ’ 

3 From the mouth of Orellana to ſeeke entrance with any number of men, & to bore a hole 
ough the mountaines is all one. Neither finde wee, that any feeking it chat way, haue at 

aby time boafted of their gainesor pleafurableiourneys, 

4 From Trinidad, as the coutſe is ſhorteſt, fo doeth it promife beſt likelyhood of fuccefle, 

Howbeie, impofiibie itis with any veflelbof ordinarie burthen by that way to recouer the ri- 

‘wer of Raleana. fairs 115 

The ſecond. The Spaniards haue bene fo farre froth helping and furthering one another. or 

admitting partners or coadiutorsin the Gavana-caule, that amongſt ſo many n, 

M mm 2 the 


| parts, excepting Topiawaries countrey, It is no 


691 


TheEnglith Voyages, &c. Ad Thomas Adafham, 


—— 7 
che beginning co the laſt, I cannot ind any one hen they were otherwile lilelieſt to preuaile, 
free from diſcords, mutinies, and cruell murthers amongſt themſelues. 

Thirdly. The Spaniardes in this place haue miſt that aduantage, which elfewhere hath 
eeded themſelues in all their conqueſies: namely, the diffentions and mutual warres of the 
Indians, Which of what force it it may be gathered by the example Arauco in Chiu. For the at 
Indians of that one prouince conteining in circuit not aboue 20. leagues, haue maintained wughe their 
warres aboue thefe 30. yeeres again(t all the Spainiards, and in deſpight of themhaue kept bow) K 
their owne countrey, oftentimes nende, enemies in many fet batiels, burning and ow 4 — 5 
deftroying (ome of their ſtrongeſt tones. The chiefe reaſon whereof I take to bec, becauſe 2 b lah 
no Indian nation was enemie vnto them. And howſoeuer the Spaniards vaunt of their re. i ong ypt 
doubted exployts in the adios: yet doe their owne writings in effecteeftific that without the 3 anche 17 
ayde of the Indians diuided among themſelues, Afexico,Perm, and the reft, had neuet beene — oat 

tit Mountainie 


Spaniſh. 7 : 

Laſty. Ican impute it to no eauſe fo rightly,as immediatly to the diuine providence : for b * 0 
him — Sate: Aad in my beleefe * we will a to bee an by alan 5 . dw meh Bi 
heauen) weencede no further aflurances,then wecalready haue to perſwade ous ſelues, ihatit : gna great m 
hach pleaſed Godof his infinite goodneſſe, in his will and purpoſe to appoint and referue this 3 — 
empire for vs. 

The third voyage fet forth by fir Valter Ralegh to Guiana, with 
apinneffe called The Waste, inthe yeere 1596, Written by M. Thomas 
Mafoama gentleman of the companie, 


Bon Thurſbay the 14. al October 15.96. we ſet ſaile from Limehouſe vpon che 
much tontrarietie of winds and other actidents wt 


matter Beniam 
che South 


chert 

of, That night wee weped and ſtoode away togeth 

purpoling by their perſwaſion to goe fd the riuet Doro. Che 28. of Januarie wee made the fur: 
99 Beniamin part of Batbarie; and this moꝛning we met with M. Beniamin Wood with his fleete ol 
Weed bound lot H failes bound fo. the ſtraights of Magellan ¢ China, to wit, Che Beare, Lhe Whelpe, and The 
GAbereupon we loop 


eniamin: ho told vs that chere was uo good to be done in the riuer Doro. 
along with them fo) Cape Blanco vnto which we came bpon Sunday night next following, Aud 
bpan Munday moning che ſirſt of Febꝛuarie, we fatw two thips in a ſaudie bay: fo wee ftirced in 
wich them, which were Frenchmen bound for the Wet indies , and put all tut the bap, where : 
wer refrethen our {clues wich fith, in which chere was münite ftope, and Gapcd there hui C hurt one, Hons 
day the 5. at which time wee pod vp wich the Cape againe, where rode the Frenchman and his Cape Nowe t 
vnmelle, who put foot right aloe bs, and another Frenchman and bis carauel well manned: ws : 
Doo all we 5. Cughth came tu an anker by them, wbere after hinne greeting with manp (hots out 
of euery hip both Cnglith and French, ali our captaines were inuited to a featt abooyn the French 
abmirall ; where after great cheere and kinde entertainment, it was concluded an all handen to 
Sabre Bile o Fogo, tf God would give vs leaue. 
The lame day we all weyed and ftoade along fop the Ille of Sal, vnto which we came the 8. of Fe- 
Huaxie, and ankered altogether at a bay in the Wiel part thereof TN 
Goze of goates and freſh Ath. There is no man dw 8 
could finde no freth water vpon it, but one Pang 
taines pon che 4. camners of it. Pere che Frenchmen (as it ſetmeth being quercome with Drink, 
daumg bene aboore der Gener iat a teaſt) being on ihoare, one ot the gindt men of iber can p:: 
nie was flainc, and their chiefe captaine fone, wounded: by reafon whereof, and of dhe letting to» pen Seton 
gether of a pinneſſt which ther were about the French abmnical ann the caraucl ard behind 0 i on tam 
bee nthe Ware, unn the oder g. hn urped ie 10, ot f ebrum, an aon abney in the eof aal eatin 


de South fea, 
Cope Blanca. 


ham, 


preuaile, 


ere hath 
es ofthe 

Fot the 
intained 
aue kept 
ning and 
betauſe 
their re. 
hout the 
er becne 


M. Thomas Adaſbam. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 693 
Mayo, This night the other two French thippes that tame from Sel with vg as it ſermeth or 
— 1 conloꝛts were not with them) lolt vy. The — —— Maio, 
Do wee and the flieboate of Dartmouth compatten the Noꝛthermoll part of the Illand, any 
matter Beniamin Wood in the China · flecte, the Mouthermott and came all to an anker t ether 
at che Oduhwend pare cherook: where rode fire ſaples of Flemmings lading faite, — 
mouxht their horles and cartes, and wheele-barvowes , und plankes fo thett barruweg torumne #emmngs 
wpon. Here is abundance of lalte in this Iſland made by Gods hande without mans labour. ll 
hele toldt vs that there were thirtie laples mode, which fell to leeward of Fogo, who as Jhbeard 
fince, beat it vp with much adoe, ¢ came thither allo faz talte, This trade may bee very beneficiatl 
‘to England, confivet ag: che nearneſle of ſalte. DF goates on this J land there ig ſuch ſtoze, ag 
4s increpibic, but to thole that haue lerne them : and it is a wonder dowe they line one by the o 
ther; the ground being ſtonie and barren. It is thought that there are vwelling in it ſome twen⸗ 
Alt Poumtatnters, which got one of he Flemmings men tragling, and God knoweth wh 
‘they did with him : for they ſawe him no moze. This Illand is Comewhae lowe and round, has 
ung no great mountaines upon it. 5 
here ended out determination concerning the inuaving of Fogo, And here wee left the fe: 
‘oat of Deremouth lading faite, and the China- ſieett to refeeth chemlelues with goates, who as J 
haue heard fince had at the village (from whence the Monntainters were fledde into the 
partes of the Iſland and rocks) great tore of mpen goates which they tarried along wich them $ 
Abbich were like to bee a great helpe vnto chem in cheir long vopage. So bpon Saturday the 
22 of Febjuaric at night wee {et fatle aun ſtood for the coat of Wia na, which wee were bound fop, 
Upon Dunday the twentieth of Febzuarie wee came into the maine current that ſettech from 
the Cape of Buena Eſperanęa along the coat of Braſii, and ſo toward the atc Indies, fo; the moft 
part — away Noꝛthwell. N ö 
> @ 


being moze JQontherty, wer 


booyds, and tuerp 
tpde, it was the Cueſday foZowing befone wee cleered our ſelues of che bap, and retouetev the 
Cape. Mote the lande trended Morehwett aud by orth, aud Doutheaſt any by South. And 
Lil wee wete faine to anker euery tyde ſometimes in foure fathoms, ad ſometimen in „ ag 


weerne Cape Cecil in 
tame to an anker. Bet theſe two Capes the lande iyeth lowe and euen. 3 Degrers and 
au morning, having the winde large T rl à halle. 


Upon Fetoay the 4 of March cowards night wer came to the falles. Che next day h. Leo- 
nard Berrie our — e ee ee eee 
ent al cheap inter “De ems othe aes butcouto net vei: fop though mer pale bp 
dns mm 3 manp 


654 


Aramatto @ 
great towne, 


he Caribes of 
Wia tractabls 
people. 


China a ciuss 
aud bap, 


TheEnglith Voyages, &c. Ad. Thum Majbam, 


manp, pet wer chercmoye Mill one aboue the other. Spo chat finding no Indians in ibis river to 
buy bictuais of, neither any kind of thing that might mtice vs to come to lo (hoyt allowance, as we 
wit haue done, if wee bad {pent any long tine here, finding it ouer hard te paſſe the falles, 
wee fell domne the riuer againe , and by Friway the 11 of Marth wee clecred our itluts ol theri: 
wer and bay. This riuer from the mouth to the alles is ſome 16 leagues, in many places a mile 
auer, but fo; the mot part halle a mile. There art many lands in it + ag are dio in mos of the 
riuers vpon the coat. This night wee ankered ag ainſt Ca wo in tivo fathoms; Wwhereinto wer 

water ſo ſpoald, and the {ca fo green, that 


Sunday 
a tolwne called Aramatto; w 


acco wich chem, and one 
being Munday the 14 of March w 
Caribes fop fuch things as they 


gaine, the 
next day 

Alter that they bad made knowen their mindes of 
come and kill che Spaniards. and to dwell in Oreno que and in the countrep Departed wi 
theit 3 canoas the next day. And wee with the helpe of the Caribes of Chians, hatung bp ther 
meanẽs from che ſhoart watered, betauſe the riuers mouth was lalte, Departed out of the baythe 
Thurſday following, ¢ palling by Macerea, Couroura, and Manamanora, bp reafon of fhoabs, 
rockes, and great windes, being alee fhoare; and od want of a good thalope, wee came toanan- 
ker the next day being good Friday in hue fathoms necre L he Triangle iflands talud Che 
Cateres. And vpon Saturday ſtanding to the LA ward, wee ſtopptd againſt the towne of b 
ware, which is a little to the IMellward of the towne Comanamo : fom whence and from the 
other townes in that bay, which are fome 6.07.7, wee had canoas come off to vs as befope mith 
ſuch things as they bad ihemielues in ve, with parrots, monkeps, and cotton. mooll, and faze, 
From whence wee departed vpon Munday following the 28 of March 1597. 

And palling by the riuers ol Euracco and Amano, which opencth but a ſmall river, end ig 
choald off, wee came to Marawinne the next day: And finding a chamell of dee, foure, and due 
kathoms, wee ſtood into the riuer : and che fame day taiue to an anker ſome 2 leagues in agai. 
the mouth of Cooſhepwinne, which riuer goeth into Amano. Juto which, (vuderſtandmg tat 
there were Arwaccawes dwelling) this night we ſent our boat and came to a tone called Maroc 
nue league in: And finding the people ſomething pleaſant, batung dyunke much that dap, being 
as it ſeemed a feſtiuall day with them, pet were thep very fearelull and ready to tun away atthe 
fir fight of vs, hauing leldome lerne any Chpittian before, But alldone as Henry out Indian 
interpreter had tole them what wee were, and our intent, chey tame ta bs and bcd bs kingely, 
and brought vs victuals and other things. And the next day their captaine Mau en hon carne out 
into Matawinne, wich diuers canoas, ¢ traded with vs, and wer went in againe tu them on (hone, 
who made very much ol vs, and carried vs from houſe to boule, and made vs cate and winkt me: 
uery houſe which wee tame in. And che next dap following being the laft ol Mach. pang the 
captaine of Marrack twith bs, wet tweped and ioode inte the riuer, and about ta the docke in 
the afternoone came to an anker fome eigbt leagues within the riuer , alittle tot of a wine 
called Quiparia: the people whereof are Caribes : who, nben they ſuwe vs come mn. wer 
towne with our boate, began al to rume ite the woods, untill the captaine of Marrac hib 
was with bs iu che boate, leaped oucrbooyd and wemme on fhoare vato ihem, ann colp them that 
wer were Englichmen and came in frirndſhp to trade with them. 

Upon hole report they came betoge night doe wp Ceuen canoas abooqd bc. yet bar fearetul 


RO ene, 
Lafbam, 
n ihis riuer to 
pwance,as we 
alte the falles, 


p places.a mile 


AMET bomas Mafham: Traffiques, & Difcoueries, 


betauſt there was neuer tichtr ſhippe oz Chrttanfeene in that riuer beſoze. The firk of Aynill, 
wee Weighed agatue, and flood in to the next towne called Mac iris: where comming to auer, Meinte a 
there came a canoa from Amano tovs, with great fore of vittuuls, which conoa wee bought: ne. 
a becauſe wee mette with (ome theirs, we were loach togot any farther with dur innen: fo 
chere wee moped her, and the next dap at thyce of the clocke in iheakternoont eltuen ot vs (after 
Monax haung the goucrmment of che action, by the Captaines appointment) wich Mawetitou, 
Hensy, and Willian of Cawo,in the canoa whith we bought went into the riuer farther to fearch 
it ſo tarte as wee could, and that night gattefome fine league from our ſhippe. And belwerne 
two villages, Awodwaier and Maperibuito, me tooke vp our lodging in the woods, The third of 
* April, betimes in the morning we tookc our courle Mill vnto the riuer, and in the afte ruoone came 
to one boule where wer fond many Indians, where wee bived another canoa and foure Indians, 
into the which · went, und one moje of our men, and this night gat twelne leagues further, and 


as befone,lopged among the wilde beaſtes. ö 
On p undap the fourth of April, wee came to the falles ofthis riuer about two in the after: 
- noone ; and hauing ſhotte vp ſome of the rockes, wee went on {hore vpon an iſland, and there cons 
ferred of dur further mocerding . And inquiring of che Indians that wee hired fo our Pilots of the 
ut houſe, whecher the falles were paſlable op not: their firt anlwere was, that they had nothing oats 
to eate bur wee being loath to loole fo much labour, and the fight of that bpper rich countrey, u rich comms 
which wer defiren , told them that chep thould haue victuals of vs though Gov knowerh wer han rey. 
none fay our ſelueg) who ſering vs ſo impoꝛtumate, ſapde farther, that the rockes would kill the 
‘canaoss lihich thep ſayde becauſe inderd they had no victuals: which by ſome was taken for 
fufficent toynoceene no farther, and ſo wer left off, and onelp ſtayed ſome two houres vpon the 
ifland am with the lwiktnelle of the current, fell hat night vowne 10 leagues againe. Though J 
len mine otone part offered in that ſmall canoa that J was in, being ſo leake, that my felfe did no⸗ 
ang butler out the water, to lead them the way, end il they ſawe any vanger to mer, they might 
4 thep woul come into it oʒ not chemſelues. 275 ö 
J ſeeing the countrey aboue was tich as wee were informed, that their bowes were handled Bowes bande 
with golve, (being men of an erteaoppinarie Mature fo) talnes) wee ſhoudd haue taken themdze "MEDS 
paines, and haue faven the harder, vntill wee had vp m the countrey which wee ſawe with 
dur eyes: fop th: h wee had not victuals in an {ont to cary vs vp. pet the woods due peld fruites 
m che pam aloe meate, whereby wee migyt haue made ſhift to line, vntill wee had 
— . — ae r and alſo haue reas 
1 which: t done vs good as ag wee > 
4 —— to the reſt ol our voyage: the day alter wee went from the falles wee came to 
dur Chippe, which was the fifth of Amal 1597. On IAledneſday wee fell wich our Pinneſſe tu 
Quipatia againe: where we hought her on ground right befoze the town, and trimmed her with itch to tetm 
the pitch of che countrep: and until wee had done, kept a corps du guard, night and day on Apes. iH 
fhore, which was wyon Saturday following the ninth of April, All the while we were there we 
ns . ol them, and had victuals, and euerp thing 
9 needed 0 J 
Ann fo taking dur leaue on Cult the twelfth of April, wee came to the mouth of 
Cuſſe- winne, po the Arwaccas 1 and of the 1 — and to Arn 
vn luch infinite no ſtoh . 


code of potatoes, and Guiney-wheate that the llewarde fap wee had 
‘fog chem; and fo they were turned backe, nd wee by that meanes came to (hopter allowance home 
ward bound, then (i chere han bene any good care) wee needed to haue done. f 
On Frpvay the fiſteeneth of April, wee put foo) ol Marawinne which is fonte fotre! 1 Marawinne, 

duet, and within one league and an halle far the moſt part broad; full of illanda, and diuers {mali 

Siners running into it: and it is betweene forty and fiftp leagues, from the mouth to the falles, and 

Ipeth fop the moſt part South Spouchwert vp, altering fome ; poynts, being almolt freight, And 

Amma along to the edward, thisnight we tryed with our mayne coart Pano bonttet, Dt Ba: sewrina, 

adap night we came to an anker, in thyce fathomes againſt Sew ramo. On Sunday mopuing we 

thought to haue gone into Cuppanamo : but fenving off our boat ¢ finding vncertaine founding, 
ſumetimt 3 lathomes anv pꝛeſentiy ꝙ ſoote, we ſtood along to Corine anv came into ition che Corltine rinse, 
* Bunday being the 18 of Amill: and the next night wer cate to anker aginſt Warra walle in 

Totathome, Du Cleonelday the Indians of the totone hauing bumted a Doe, thee tooke fople 

Teamencer ou fhip and putting off with our boat we toske her, being like vnto dur dere in Eng 

land, not altogether {9 fat, but very good fleth and great Booted, r 


* 


696 | TheEnglith Voyages, &c. A4. Thomat Mafham. 


: : De are 

called the lohn of London captaine Leigh being in her. And being both fallen downe within lone 
liue leagues of the mouth of the riuer, vpon int elligence that one Marracon, (whom wer inoughe 
along with vs) gaue vs, namely that the riuer Deſek ebe, in which he dwelt ( and wherein there 
were ſome thee hund ed Spaniards, which for the moſt part now are diſiroytd and Bead) Dost’) 


Cie great Lake leav fo larre into the countrep, that it commeth within a dapes tourney of the lake calle’ Peritia, 


whertupon Manoa is ſuppoſed to ftand ; anb that this river of Coritine dotih mecte with Dete- 
lebe bp in the land : by meanes whereof wer make account to goe vp into the countrey, and to 
baue diſcauered a paſlage vuto that rich citie. Do hauing concluded both Hippes, we food vp in: 
to the riuer againe, aud comming to Warawalle the 24 of Appi here dur ſhipper roade vntili we 
went bp ta Mawranamo to ſyeake wich Merracon,to know the trueth of thele things: whom 
when we bad fqund, he vevifien al that betoze he bed ſpoken: Maſter Monax being the man that of 
Leouard of Cawe tocke all the intelligente: who being brought bp with Antonie Berreo cbulb 
lome Spaniſh and Marracons language alſo. And belides wee our felucs by figues, and Draws 
ing the two riuers on the grout and the meeting of them aloft, did perctiue ag much. Nom com: 
ming dowue with our hoates the fire and twentieth of Apꝛil we went vp wich our {hips to Mave. 


ö Lae thipns banains, where wee: oped them, and taking ſome twenlie out of both, bon Thurlday che tight 


vp to the 


and twentirth in the afternoons with two ſhallops and two Canaos, in one of which Henry the 


Marae: Indian wag and ſome twentie Indians moe, wee went vp the river; and by wight getting forme 


thꝛee leagues farther wee longed in the woeds, aud the next moꝛning wer with our boate and the 


two Canoas went intoa ſmall riuet called Tapuere,to a tohme called called Macharibi,thinkiug 
o haue had Caſaui and other victuals, which thep were altogether vnpꝛouided of, by rt aſon that 
they make no moe ready chen ſerueth themſelues from hand to mouth, lining in this tome ſoꝛ the 
malt part by ſiſh. By meanes of going into this riuer, though wee rowed very hard it was noone 
beloꝛe wee ouertooke the bigger thallop, wherein both the Captaines were. This night we came 
ta a count called Vaperon, where wer Raped all Saturday and the night following, fo} Cals: 
whercof they baked good fore for vs being but a le we let in the towne, Foz not a moneth before 
bee came chither, the Waccawaes that dwell aboue the falles came dotwne to the towne, and flewe 
ſame tenne ol them, and many of the reſt ſled away, fo that wee found moſt ofthe houſes emptit, 
Upon Sunday meyning being May day, wee went from this place, and by night gotte tome 
tncluc leagues beyoud . and being paſt all cownes wee longed as before in the woods, and the nert 
day caine to the (alles of the riuer vp fome of which alles we (hotee with our boates, and gong 
vpon a rocke there came (ome nine canoas vp the river to vs, and would haue gone vp wih be 10 
kill che Waccawayans, betauſe they had killed ſome of them, as before is laid. Mhercupon the 
Captaines and Baller Monax tooke aduiſe : and becauſe uowe they had learned, as they faye, 
that fue dayet iourney farther there was a fall not paſſable, and that by this meanes they thoutn 
make the Wacchawayans their enemies, which would turne to our great hurt, when Sir Wal- 
ter Ralegh ſhould come thither, hauing ocraſion to ble this riutr, where wee were informed was 
goed flore of golde, they teſolued to teturne, though J peelen diners reaſous to he contrary, Su 
bpau Tuleday night, we came backe to Vaperon, here we lodgrov. N 
And vpon Wieoneldap the fourth of May, wee came to our ſhippes: where it was reported 
that che Opaniardes were gonne out of Deſekebe, which was not ſy t but agit ſetmed m pos 
litie Sp them out to make our men that wee left in our ſbippes moge car celeſſe, chat they 
might the haue furppilen them in our abſence. The next night wee han newes bought v 
to Mautanamo, where we pet toade, chat there were tennecanoas of Srpaniardes in the mouth 
of Coritine; and fearing lett they had intended to come to vs in the light, we fitted all our gumes 
anbinutkets, and kent good watch to pytuent them of their purples who, as it was alterwarde 
tolde vn, went aloug the coat to buy lead and other victuals for chem in Orenoque, Marow- 
go ad Defckebe, Upon Frydap ibe lirch of Pay wwe weighed aud made downe the riurr, a 
eighth we gat cleare ol it. 2 8 


ta fpcak fomeching of this countcep. ind Get touching the climate; 
though it land within the Tropick, and ſomethin neere to the Equinoctial, lu chat the Bunne 
enn . 


A. Thomas Maſham. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 


xm; betides that wee loſt not a man vpon the coat, one that was ſicke before hee came there, was 
wuthing cker fo being there » but came home ſale, thanks be to God, And for mine owne part, 
Awas neuer better in Loup in all my life, and in like Cope fared it with the reſt of che company: laß 
tuderd it is not fo extreame hote as many imagine. The people in all the lower parts of che couns 
trep goe naked, both men and women, being of (euctall languages, very tractable and ingenious, 
aud very louing and kinde to Englichmen generally; as by experience we found » aud wpon our 
owne knowledge doe report, In the vpper countreys they goe apparellen, being, an it feemeth, 
of a moze ctuill diſpolition, hauing great ſtoze ol golde, as we ave certeinely infppmen by the low⸗ 
er Indians. oF wham we bar ſome golve, which thep bꝛought and boughe in the high countrey of 
W he Weiss) uo ange N. 1 the — 4 wee haue lett ae 

ex keene no opver of marriage : but haue as many wines ag thes can buy, o wm 
bp fince of their enemies , which — is the caule of all their warres. F bean there l 
infinite fone of cafaui , which is as good Ad ag aman Need ti este, and bettie then we can carp 
any thither, Iie ſpent not a bit of our owne all the while we were bon the coal, It is made of 
aroot fo callen ; which they take and {cape , and cruſh all the iupce out, being potſon; and when 
it is dꝛie it is as fine floure as our white meale maketh : which dꝛy as it ig, without any moiſture, 
thep Crew upon around fone, haung a Mill fire vnder it, and in it cungealeth ta a cake; and when 


49 


Sea 


t lee of 
iana 


golde in Wi 


it cannneth new off, it eateth like to our nem white bꝛead. Belives there is great tore of Guiny. 
Tibeat ie ee mubich after it is once fowed , ifpoucucofft e Aa 


gate, an the fame fake growech ano 

For Ut. -als, wee either did not, op at leaſt needed not to haur ſpent any of our owne t fo? there 
is great ope of as good fith in the riuerx, as any is in the wopl, Great fone of fowie, of diuerg 
{oté, Cuytuile-flelh plentifull, umd Toztailes egges innumerable, Deere, wine, conies, hares, 
cockes and hennes, with potatoes moje chem wee could ſpend. Belides, all kinde of fruits, at ali 


atered at 


and Barbuda. Apo- 

Coruo: and and 

sub that night cameall eve Plyromoush pikes God. 

Berweene the Alle ol Barbuda in the Welt indies and England we hab three mightp tones, 
many calmes, and fome contrary windeg. Andvpon the foureteenth of June 1597, there being 
bivers whales playing about our pinneſſe, one of chem crolled our ſtemme, and going under, rubs 
bed her backe agatntt our kerle: but by none of all thete we liteinen anploile, Than be to hin 
thaegouerneth all chings. sa 


Written by Mafter 
Themas Maſham 


f 


TheEnglith Voyages, &c. lofephus deweoslae Fier 


oo 


CERTAINE BRIEFE TESTIMONIES CON. 1 
cerning the mightie Riuer of Anagpnes or Orellana, and of the moſt 72 
wonderfulldownefall or cataract of waters at the head thereof, named bythe cpintons 
Spamardi El Penge : together with ſome mention of the rich and ſtately Empire of Bo- affirme tl 
radv, called by Sir Malter Ralegh and the natural Inhabitants Guiana, and of paytity, 

the golden countrey of Paytsty neere adioyning, withothermemorable heard of o 


matters: Taken out of Lofephusde Acofta his naturall and 
morall Hiſtorie of the Weft Indies. 


The firſt Teſtimonie out of Jofephus de Acofts, lib.2. cap 6. 


Ut when we intreat of Rivers, chat which ſome men call the riuer of Amazones, 
others Marannon,others the river of Orellans, doeth iultly put to ſilence all the 
hereunto our Spaniards haue gone and ſayltd. And J Mand in doubt, 

tal it a riuer 0 a ſea. This riuer runneth from the mountaines of 


bꝛoad, eſpeciallp to 

— 9 —.— increpible ſayling in the middle chanel ol the riuer, men can {ee nothing but 
the Chie an the riuer, although mex fap that there are billes neere the baukes thereof, which cm 
not be kenned, the of the River. Mee vnderſtood by very good meancs the 
wonderfull benth and largeneſle of this Niuer, which iultly may bee called the Cmperour of Ri 
uers, to wit bp a bꝛother of dur companie which being a bop was there, g faplen it wholp though, 
being perſonally pꝛeſent in all the ſucceſles of that ſtrange enterance, which Pedro de Oriua 
mabe , and in the mutinies and perilous cunſpiraries of that wicked Diego de Aguirre, out of il 
which troubles and danger the Lond delivered him, to make hun one of our focietie, é 


The fecond Teſtimonie out of Iofephus de Acofta, lib. 3. cap 20. 


ther 


100 With 


SSS este: 


theriuer is 70 leagues hond, a ching incredible, and which excceneth the inenth of the Mediter- 
ran (ea, (otwbeit other in cheir deſcriptions make it not paſt 25 02 „ebnen. 


e Acosla- 


S CON. 
»f the moſt 
amed by the 
pire of Do. 


and of 
ble 


. Cap 6. 


r of Amazones, 
to ſileuce all the 
ftand in voubt, 
e mountaines ol 
nd riuers, v hich 
he great fieldes 
che Ocean fea, 
ut it groweih lo 


Pedro de Oriua 
guirre, out of all 
tie. 


3. cap. 20. 

d, the chiefis the 
md booke, The 
couer countries, 
ado, and Paytiti, 
though to mall 
the moſt anges 
d mountaines, it 
uch whirkpooks 
all this the bold. 
to that fo famous 
F chzowne bene 
hich they ſapled, 
e tothe bottame, 
te gat out ol the 
ere dꝛowned: and 
ictuals and pow⸗ 
dangers they re⸗ 
inh mountaines, 


no after hee was 
arme that falleih 
an was in al that 
es ud that when 
Equinoctial line, 
h of the Mediter · 
pad at the mouth. 

The 


The Riuer of eA mazones.T raftiques,& Diſcoueries. 


The third Teſtimonie out of Jofephus de Acoſta, lib.3. cap 25. 


N that part of America, whereof che coatts be thhoughlp known, the greater part of e Inland 
15 not knowen, which is chat which fallech betweene Piru and Brafil, aad there tc diuers 
opinions of ſotme which lap, chat it in all funken land full of lakes and bogen, and of others, which 
affirme that there are great and flopithing kingdomen there, and there they place the Countrey of 
Paytity, and Dorado, and great , and fap, that chere are wonderfull things there. J 
heard of one ol our companie my elle, a man of crrolte, that bee bad ſeent great tome, and high 
wapes as broad and as much beaten, as the wapes betwecne Salamanca and Validolid: and this 
was when the great entrance oz diſcouerit was mane bp the rest thes ete Amazones 0} Ma- 
rannon by Pedro de Orfua,and afterwarves bp others that fucceved him: and they ſuppoling that 
Dorado which they fought, was farther vp in the countrep, did not inhabite there, and afterward 


ado 
| 11 7 diſcouering Dorado they neuer found) and without that great pꝛouinte 


A ſhort deſctiption ofthe riuer of Marannon or. Amazones,and the 
Countries thereabout, as alſo of the feaof Freſt- waer, taken out of an an- 
cient Diſcourſe of all the Portes, Creekes, and Hauens of the e /ndies, Written by 
Marti Fernandex de Ene ga, and dedicated to Charles the Emperour, Anne 1318, 

ä | Arannon lyech in ſeuen degrees and an halle Ponthwarn of the Equinoctial, 

eee great riuer, and hach moye then fifteene leagues in hedth cig: leagues 

AY wichm the lm. Fe hath many illands, and in chis riuer within the lun foreie 
esgues chere is neere to the ſayde riuer amountaine, wherenpon growe trees 

pet Ancenſe, the trees be of a good height. e the boughs therzot be like to Plum 
mow trees, and the Ancenſe doeth hang at them, as the yce voethat the tiles ofa 
winter ſeaſon when it doeth freese. In this riuer were taken foure Indians in a final 


fr ftones of Cmerains, the one of chem as as mag ham. They 
e g : go bey erst tcl tte cn 
there were taken from them two loaues mane of floure, which were like to cakes of Boye, ann it 


Aies and Ba but the Batatas bee better rotes, and tawwe they haue a 
waagen erase eg, See er ue 
Doues egge, feafon 

eaten, and of it ppoceedeth good wine, and is pꝛeſeruen im a long time. kinde 
re And Tape den g f ddt baer 


hey ipe, which der heit ipcie kinde 
shaped ee ee, 
part of India 

be 0 


700 


Che ſecond 
bovage of . 
William Hau- 
kins to Braſil. 


The Englifh Voyages, &c. MW. illiam Hawkins. 


trees, aud ol gralle. And from this reth water · ſen unto Paria, che coat lyeth C Melt Nope wett, 
and is fo ful offhatus that the ſbiꝑs cannot come ncer to the land. There art ſrõ this xiuer to Paria 
250 leagues. In this frech water ſea che tydes do ebbe ¢ flow ag much as they do in Britayne, and 
it ſtandeth in s degrees and a halfe. Paria Tandeth on tb bee fibe of the Equinoctial taward the 
Month, in feven degrees: In Paria the fea Mower) but little, and from Paria towards the let, 
che lea dach nat flow. From the entrp of che quite of Paria tuto the Cape that lyech towards the 
Melt, are 3 5 leagues, aud fs hence checoast turneth towardeg the Nodthealt other 3 5 leagues, 
@ from thence the coatt turneth toward thetic, Before this gulke Manveth the Alland of Trini. 
dad, ad cowards the Tleſt noeth appeate the guife al Pans like to halke a round circle, alter the 
fathion of a Diameter, and at the end ol this circ is che enterx in ol Paria, at this eutery there u 


peri bene ö cela eee ahr 1100 ien 
che Nand aud the land, but it is deepe, ith a good entry; lang of Trinidad ath in leugih 
25 leagues, and as many in iro an abe eighenegrees, anit is inhabiten of many peo. 
ple, and as pet not vnder fubiection. Pere the Indians do vſe to ſhoote with bomes, and arrolweg 
which are ol a lathome in length. made of rens, hichgrow in chat Cumtrey, and at the endeof 
them is articially iopnen a piece of woad very ſtrong. vnto the which piece of wood at the end ol 
it, they put a bone of a filh,, in place of an arrow head: theſe kinde of hougs bee harder then Dia. 
monds , and euery one ol then be tluet oz foure fingers long. x they are taken out of a shchat bath 
thꝛee of theſe bones one vpon the backe, anotber vnder every wing shut that which groweth vpon 
che backe is the ſtrongelt and the greateſf, e ap nip that ete, rower) 


golde: and in e eee that a 
carp of them into Spatne, Athewile there bee Papiniapes verp great and gende, Ad Lome of 
them haue thetsfopeleavs pellaw, and this (opt do quickly lerne to {peak and (peak th. Chere 
be likewile in the gulle of Paria peatles although not man, but verp good and gregt. *\ 


CERTAINE VOYAGES NAVIGATION AND 


VVV 
Ct oh 279 1 by 7 that Countery 2 the teſt of out Voyages 


* 


forthe geuerall heades next juſuing. 


A briefe relatiõ of two ſundry Mit sede the worthipful M. M illlam Haw 
kins of Plinmonth, father to Sir /obn Hawkins knight, late Treafurer of her Maiefties Nauie, 
in the yeete 1 § jorand1s 3a. ean e 9 5 f ; 
Lde 9. William Haukins of Plimm ouch, a man foi his wifepome, valure expe⸗ 
rience, and (i in fea cautes much efteemed, and beloued of R. Henry the 8, and 
being one of che princtpall Hea- captaines in the Wtett parts of England in bis 
ume, not contenten with che haft vopages commonly chen mane önelp to the 
A kote cighs of Europe, armed out a tall and gooblp ſytype of his one of the 
PASH hurthen of 250 tunnes, called the Paule of Plimmoush, whertwith he mane tee 
La es butt e edes hae to bur 
dation, In che courte of which voyages he touched at che riuer of Seftos Won the coat of Gui- 
nea, where hes trattiqued with the Negros, and tooke of them Elephamts teeth, and other com: 


— D 9 2 


modities which epeeldeth:and fo atriuing on the coatt of Brafil, ht pſen there ſuch nifcreti- 
and che be felp wich thoſe ſauage people, chat he grew tito great familiarity aud 
Eetanothip wih chem. Anf ch chat in his fecond vopage. one of the lau ge kings ofthe tountrey 
af Bra(il,was contented co take ſyip wich him, and to be tranlpozced hither into England: where 


aking of ea {nto P. Hiaukins agrecn,teauing bebinde in the Countery as a plenge for bis fatetie and retimne 


bjoughe into 
England, 


againe, one Martin Co ketam of Plimmouth, Shs eatin ng arriued, was brought 

to London and pꝛeleuted to K. Henry the 8. lyiug as then at we tt light ol whom 
J Hing an l he dbl übte (fle maruatle, ap hüt without fons ene 
Were poker ride according te thetr feunge meer tem thertin dme hanes were planted, fanibing 
an inch out from che land holen which in bis otone Comnttrep was reputed fo) x great byauerie, He 
cher bole m big nether lip, wherin was (et appectous ane about the bignes ofa pratt 
FFT rant he DELO 5 


i 
„ 


ol Sir le 
pertes. 


J. 


leeres pe 


gal vice r 
laid pecre 


A let 
in 


2 
Italian ge 
ther in lau 
amongſt t 
bee hath ef 
glue with: 
thouſand r 
mleſſe. A 


me that tb 
to tome to 
Chis place 
k latitude 
Atountrey 

Mozeou 
this countt 


mee to giue 


kame tete 
God ſendin 
ther from! 
teed may b 


* 
Haul ins. 
Ciett Monzthweſt, 
his riuer to Paria 
in Butayne, and 
octial toward the 
wards the Ciel, 
peth towards the 


other 3 5 leagues, 
e Alland of Trini- 
f 
is cutery there 
Ne {pace betweene 
india gy 
ite of many peo: 
ges, and arrotwes 
and at the endeok 
wood at the end ol 
hinder then Dia: 
tol a scpthat hach 
ich growech vpon 


NS AND 
es vpon the 
intercepted lei 
four Voyages 

f P late, the 
erued 


M. illlam Haw 
r Maiefties Nauie, 


dome, valure expe⸗ 
le the 8, aud 
of England in his 
made onelp to the 
2 of his owne of the 
wich he made thyee 
re, eſpetially to our 
the spond 
ch, and other com: 
there ſuch diltrett⸗ 
eat lamillarity and 
s ofthe tountrey 
England : wheres 


great haute, He 
bignes ofa pr: 
pu 


Ad. Iobn Ii pitbal. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


Hauing remained here the ſpace almoſt of a whole pecre, and the king with bis light fully ſatiſ· 

, M.Hawkins accoꝛding to bis pꝛomiſe and appointment, purpoſed to conut y hun againe into 
pis countrep: but it fell aut in che way, chat by change of alre and alteration of diet, the lald Dae 
unge king dien at fea, which was feared would turne to the loffe of the life of Maran Cockeram 
his 1. Meuerthelelſe, che Sauages being fully perſwaded of the honeſt dealing of our men 
with their prince reſtozed againe che (ato pledge, without any harme to him, o any man of the tom · 
pany: which pledge of cheirs tbey brought home againe into England, with their thip fraighten, 
and furniſhed with the commodities of the countrey. TUhich Martin Cockeram, by the witnefle 
of Sir lohn Hawkins, bting an olliter in the towne of Plimmouth, was lining wuhin thele lewe 
pettes. ö 


An ancient voyage of M. Robert Reniger and M. Thomas Borey to 
Braſil in the yeere of our Lord 1540. 


haue bene certainly informed bp M. Anthony Garrard an ancient and worthipfull 
115 marchantof the citie of London, that this conimodious and gainefull vopage to Bra- 


fil was oꝛdinarily and vfually frequented by M. Robert Reniger, P. Thomas Bo- 
rey. and divers other ſubſtautial and wealihit mar chants of Southampton, about 60, 
peeres pal, that is to ſap in the peere 1540. 


A voyage of one Pudſe to Bqa in Braſil anno 1542. 


fo the woꝛſbipfull 99, Edward Cotton of Southhampton @fquire gaue mee more 
5 vnverſtand, bow that one Pudfey or Southampton a man of good Chill 


and refolution in marine tauſes, made a vopage in like maner 62. peeres agoe to 
Baya de todos los Santos the principall towne of all Braſil, and the feate of the Portu- 


gal vite· roy and of the biſhoh, and that he built a lozt not farre dillant from that plate, in the koze 2 * 


fain pecre 1542. 


A letter written to M. Richard Staper by Iobn VV hithal from Santos 
in Iraſil, the 26. of lune 1 5 7 8. 


DOhhipfull fir, and welbeloued friend P. Staper, J haue me mot heartily come 
mended vnto pou, wiſhing pour health euen as mine owne. 
CThele fev woꝛds map bee to let you vnderſtond, that whereas I wrote vnto 
SS YOU not many dapes paſt by the way of Lisbon, howe that I determined to bee 
Af DG with pou very ſhoytly, it is in this countrey offered mee to marry, and to take my 
Ie choice of three oz foure : fo that J am about three dapes agoe conſozted with an 
Italian gentleman to marcy with his daughter within ihe le foure dayes. This my friend and fas 
ther in law Signor Joffo Dore is bome in the citie of Genua in Italy: his kindzed is well knowen 
unongſt the Itallans in London: alfabee hath but onely this childe which is his daughter, which 
bee bath thought better bettowen vpon mee then on any Portugal in all the countrep, and doeth 
glue with her in marriage to me part ol an lagenio which he bath, that doeth make euerp pere a 
thouland roues of ugar, This my mariage will be woꝛth to me two thouſand duckets little moze 
Aleſſe. Allo Signor Loffo Dore my father in lawe doeth intende to put into my handes che whole 
Ingenio with firtie oz ſeuentie ſlaues, and thereof to make me facto forbs both. J giue my lis 
ung L. od thankes fo2 placing me in ſuch honour and plentifulneſſe of all things. 

Aifo certaine dapes paſt I talkeo with the Prouedor and the Captaine, and they haue certilied 


me hat tbey baue diſcouered certaine Mines of liluer and gold, and looke euery day for Maſters epines ot gow 
fo come ta open the fato Pines : which when they be opened will inrich this countrep verp much. ae tine 
Chis place is called S. Vincent, and is diſtant krom you two thouſand league, and in 24. degrees ered as 5. 


of latitude on the South five of the Equinodtial line, almoſt vnder the CGropike ol Capricorne, cent. 
Acvuntrey it is verp healthfull without lickneſle. : 

Porcouer, J hauecatken with the Capeaine and proue dor, and my father in lad tubo rule all 
this tountrey, for to haue a ſbip with goods to come from London hither, which haue pꝛomiſen 
mer to glue mee licence, Caping that nowe J am free denizen ok this countrey. Co cauſe a ſbip to 
Come hieher with {uel commedittes as would lerue this counttey, would come to great gaines, 
8 fending in laletythe pofite and gaines. In ſuch wares andconnnodities as pou may ſhip bir che 


e bonage to 
tftom London is fog euery one commobitie deliuerev here tbpet fop one, and then after the pꝛo· pale 
out 


ted may be imploped in white lugar at foure hundzed reis the roue. 
yay Non FT mcane 


ar eee ²ĩ² MM —1˙ͤ]. . 


70oꝛ 


In what ma 
ner AVopage 
to 8. Vincent 
with a ſhip of 
70. @ So. 
tunnes is to 
made. 


Tbe Engliſh Voyages, &c. M. I. Mhithals letter, 


J meane alſo to haue aftiend in London ta ſende mee a (hip of 60, 02 70,tunnes,little moze oʒ 
leſle, with luch commodtties as J (hall giue aduiſe for, Chis voyage is as good as any Peru - boy · 
age. It you and Malter Osborne will deale here, J will deale wich you before any other, becault 
of our old friendly friend(hip in time patt, Ik pou haue any ſtomacke thereto,in the Name of Gop 
vo pou eſpie out a fine barke of ſeuentie o eigbite tunes, and ſend her hither witha Poꝛtugal pi: 
lot to this popt of S. Vincent in Brafil, boꝛdering vpon the bopbers of Peru. 

5 Allo 4 —— white vnto pou in what foyme and maner vou thall furnith chis voyage both 
commodities andotherwiſe. 

Firſt you mut lade in the laid (tp certaine Hampthirr and Deuonſhire karfles: fog the which 
pou mutt let her depart from London in October, and to tuuch in the Canaries and there to mae 
fale of the ſaide karlies, and wich the proceed thereof to lade fifteene tunnes of wines that be pers 
fect and good, and fire dozen of Copvouan Chinnes of theſe colours to wit, oꝛenge tatunie, yellow, 

red, and very fine black. I thinke vou thall not linde fuch colours there. Therefore you mutt cauſt 

them that (hall go vpon this voyage, to take ſalfron with them, to cauſe the fame to bee pu 
into the laide colours. Allo A thinke pou thal finve oples there. 8 ol werte ope 
kon this vopage art very neceflary, 02 abundped o liftie iarreꝝ of oyle. Allo in London ꝑou mi 
lade in the Catd Chip thele parcels of commodities op wares,as followerh: a 

In primis, Foure pee tes of hollands of middle fot, ö 

Item, One peece of ine holland. 

Foure hund zed elles of oſenbꝛiges verp line. 

Foure dozen of ſixʒoꝛs of all 

Sirceene kintals of pitchof the Canaries, 

Twentie dozen of great knines which be made in lardlex, ok a low price, 

Foure dozen of a ſmall Cope, 

Dire peeces of bapes ol the loweſt fort, 

Dne verp fine peece of bayes. 

Foure hundzed elles of Manchefter-cottous molt blacke greene, ſome pellotv, 

Eigbt oz tenne dozen of hats the one halle crammed wich taffata, the other platne, with 
the bands of Cypꝛeſſe. 

Mire dozen ok courſe ſbirts. 

Chyꝛee dozen of doublets of canuas. 

Three dozen of doublets ol ſlieched canuas. 

One peece of fine Millan-fultian barred. 

Sire dozen of locks fo2 vores and chetts, 

Sire thouland of all maner of ith hooks, 

Foure dozen reames of paper, 

Two dozen ol glaſſes of diuers (opts, 

Cwo dozen ol Venice glaſles, the one halle great, the other middle lat. 

Two dozen of mantles of frize, of the la welt price that can be. 

..... yuo Goalies a trey 
oure hundzed pound ne of t ortu and 

hi pa of yr vor colours, ' 
wentie pound of {pices,cloues,cinamom,pepper anv faffron, 

Cwo kintals of white ſope. 

Theee pound of threed, white, blacke, and blew, 

Tyee pound of fine white sheen, 

Item, halfe a dozen of Roꝛtherne karlies of diuers colours, 

Foure opting clothes, blew, red, pellow, and green, 

Dire Moꝛtherne dozens ok diuers colours, 

One fine blew cloth of eight pound. 

One fine ſtamell of cenne ozt welue pound. 

One fine ſheeps coloured cloth of twelue pound, 

One fine blacke karfie, 14 fine ſtamell karfle, 

Dire pards of blacke veluet. 

Ther barteis of naũes toi cheũts. 

Cwo barrels ol nailes for thips and barks, 

Sire kintals of Occom. 

(Cio dozenok veluet girdles without hangers. 


font 


kainmen 
tuery th 
fugars ; 
credit th 
under w 
this goo 
fo with ¢ 
And we 
ind of pe 
minde oz 
onely ha 
gictrates 


hals letter, 


lay 


hep andtregs pers, 


font 


— cee ey 


AA. Stephan Hare. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


Foure pards of taffata red, blacke, and blew, with ſome greene. 

Two dozen ol leather girdles. 

Mire dozen of ares, hatchets, and (mall billes to cut wood. 

Foure mes ok gitterne Arings, 

Foure hundzed oz fine hundzed elles ol lame linnen cloth that is of alow price to male 
thitts and thects, 

Foure tunne of pron, 

Chefe be (uch (oye of wares as J would pou ſhould fend, If pou meane to deale. ox fend any thtp 
ther, haue you no doubt, but bp the helpe of God J hall put all things in good opder accopding 
to your tontentment and pꝛolit: for mp father in lawe with the Captaine and Prouedor dot rule 
this countrep, 

Pp father in lam ¢ J ſhal( God willing) make a good quantitie of (ugar euery peere which lu 
gat we intend to ſhip ko London from hencefopth, il we can get ſuch a truſtie ¢ good friend as you 
to deale with vs in tbis matter. I prap pou prefenclp alter the reteit of this my letter io wzite mee 
antwere thereof, g fend pour letter to M. older to Lisbone,¢ be wil tonue y it to me out oł hand. 
Belldes the prer des fend ſixe pards of Charlee, parchment lace of Diuers colouty. 
Dire yards of crimofin veluet. 
Moire pards of crunolſin fatten, 
Twelue pards of fine puke blacke, 


Here in this countrep in ead of John Whithall they haue talen me John Leicoan : ſo that tobe L de 


they haue vfen tbis name ſo long time, that at this pꝛeſent there is no remt die but it must remaine 
ſo. IAhen pou wnite vnto me, let the ſuperſeriptian be vnto John L eitoan. 

Thus F commit pou with all pours to the holy Gholt fo; euer. 

Af pou lend chis ſhip. would haue pou giue oꝛder that the touch in no part of the coatt of Gui- 
nie nop any other coaſt, but to come directly hither to the poze of S. Vincent, and from the Cana~ 
sies let her be diſpatched in my name, to wit, lohn Leitoan. 

Alſo a dozen of ſbirts for mp wearing let be ſent ir you ſend the hip, 
Item ire oꝛ eight pieces of ſayes fog mantles fox women, which is the mot neceſlarx 


thing that can be ſent. 
| By your affured friend Jobo whithall, 


A copie of the letters of the Aduenturers for Bra/ill {ent to lohn 


W buthall dwelling in Santos by the Manion of London. Anno 15 8 o. che 24. 
of October in London. 


Alter Whithall, as vnatquaintev wer commend vs vnto pou, c. vnderũlanding 

by pour friends, . lohn Bird, M. Robert Walkadew, and pour bꝛother Ia mes 
40 Whithall of certaine let ters that they haue reteiued of pours fb Santos, which 
/ wee baue ſeene and read, wherein from time to time pou doe require, and defire 
them to fend a good ſhip to Santos, with ſuch wares and commox ties as pou did 
white for, whereby pou dio not onelp pꝛomiſe that they Mould ue good inter 
tainment, but allo thoulo {cll che (aide commodities to make thꝛee ok one outwardat the leaſt in 
euery thing, and that fo2 to relade their (hip backe, they ſhould haue of the belt, fineſt, x wbitell dzie 
ſugars 3 2. pound of our weight fo a ducket at the moll. Che pꝛemiles conſidt red, with che great 
tredit that they and we doe giue to your waiting e pꝛomiſe, haue tauſed vs, whofe names be 
under wzitten, to ioyne our felues in company together, ¢ to be at great charges purpyolc ly to lend 
this goon (hip the Miniongf London, not onely with luch marchandtzes as pou wate for, but als 
fo with as many other things as we thougbt might any wapes plealure you, o; protit the country. 
And we craue of pou, that we and our factors may haue ſo much crevite of pou, as we baue in pou 
andof pour letters, which is to belecue vs that we haue taken this voyage vpon vs, wuh no other 
minde oz pu poſe, tben to deale faithfully andtruely in the trade by fea and land, ſo as pou (hall not 
onelp haue cauſe to retopce and deſerue thanks fo dur comming, but alſo yon wil procure the mas 
wittraces there to be bound, as they vle in Galicia, that we may be prelerued and defended from all 
repꝛiſals and imbargments of princes oʒ ſubiects fo any caules o matters whatſotur r, whereby 
dert maß ber iacauragtd bp chem, giuing vs this ecuritie OF god ĩntertainment. to conttnut th 
trade peerely hencefopth : and fop our parts we pomife vpon our credits and finrlicies,to commit 
no outrage at the fea nop land, nn luffer any to be done in our company chat we map le t, but rather 
to dekend and protect all other ſuch peaceable nenn as ned, hub ther eps n 000s 


Nen 


° 


„ 704 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, AM. Steph. Hare. 
E as ek rams sa alee <i toaa 


And to the ende that pou and others (hall know that wee me ane as we fay, we haue gluen oder 
to dur factours to giue you good hollages fo) pour aſſurante of our good lide lities: and kurther we 
baut Cent a teltimontall of our owne true meaning in writing vader che leales of this honourable 
Cutie of London, which we wil not diſcredite by our bebautours £op all the treaſure that pou haut: 
and fo we haue written to pour magiſtrates of pour popt, and othe xs in Spanith , the copy where: 
of we fend pou herewith enclofenin E And ifthe time ſhould fal out ſo contrarp to our exe · 
ctations, that there ſhould not be fine fuga Cuffictent to lade our ſaid ſhip in due time at San. 
tos, then we pꝛay pou direct our factours where they map goe with the ſbippe in lalttie to fupply 
their want, and helpe them to a good Cure Pilot fo? that purpoſe, and wiite pour letters to pour 
friends where the bett ſugar is made in their fauops, and belpe our factours to haue a teftimoniall 
from Santos, that they and pou traded together friendip,and ſo Departed in good and perfect ann: 
tie, and ſhew them that the iutt caule of our comming is to trade as marchants yeateabip, and not 
ag Pirats to commit any offence to one op other. 

Alo we pray pou, if there be any ttope of ware. oy ſalt · perter, whereby the price there map peeln 
vs as much profit as the — — the rouc,o2 any other connnodity of like profite, 
3 without danger ol lawe, be it oare of golde oꝛ filuer 07 whatſo 
euer ell 

@iee haue ſent pou copper caulojons for pout Ingenios, with iron and all other neteſlartes fo; 
pour purpoſe, and artilicers to fer the ſame: and as Wee haue at pour requeſt bene at great charges 
in lending thele men, ſo we pꝛay you let vs baue lamful fauour in like courteſie to further all our 
caules, And if 7 of our armer 07 pallengers in any reſpect of diſplesſure againt their com 

oz in hope of preferment of mariage oz other wiſe would procure to tary and dwell there, an 

ue bis charge and office that then pou will bee a meane tothe Juſtice that (uch fugitives ſhoul 

nda the Chip as prifoners ile as pou known, without our men wee cannot Lying home 
out 

Mee haue giuenopder to our factours to vſe pour counfell and helpe in their affaires and to 

atifie pou fo) che Came as to pour courteſie and Faithfull friendſhip ſball appertaine to your good 

and inthe meane time fop a token of our good willes towards pou, we hau fent pou a feld 
bed ol walnut tree, with the canopy, valens,curtaines,and gilt knops, And if there be any comme 
ditie elle that may pleafure you oꝭ pour friends, wee haue giuen oꝛder that they Chall haue the tt 
fufing ol it before any other, giving fo. it as it is wozth. 

And chus to conclude, pꝛomiling to perfoꝛme all the fopeLaive things on our parts in euer com 
diulen, we conunit pou to God, who euer pꝛelerue pou with all bis blellung 


Chriflopher Hodfdon, 
Pour louing ktiends i Garrard. 


t 
H Thomas Bramlie. 

lohn Bird. 5 J William Elkia, 

{ 0 2 „ 

kern Certaine notes of the voyage to Braſil with the Minion of London, 
die eee, aſforeſaid, in the yere 1 5 8 0. written by Thomas Grigs Purſer of the {aid fhip. 
| = be chirde day of Nouember in the peere aboueſaid we departed in the Minion 
of London from Harwich, from which time no great thing worth the knows 
a lenge oz regard of others happened until the 22. of December the next moneth, 
which day for our owne learning ¢ vſe wee obſerued the ſetting of the Sunne, 
which was Cleft ſouchwell, we then being under the line Equinodctiall where 
Sa sats tag te ae 
) day t ol the moone one day 

the full, which roſe at Cats Ithealt. 

D The firk land that wee fell with vpon the to at of Brafill was the pland of S. Sebaſtian, where 
we arriued the 14. dayol Januarp in the peere 1581. ‘ 

Che 16. day Thomas Babington, and others in our "peng a ſhoare to Guaybea, where 
thep met with Tobn Whithall Gs father and mother in latwe, who bauing reteiued letters from 
; thence co be Deitueren at Santos, came abox, ano then we wrped aid ict iatie aud ih 25. dag uc 
arriuep at the pland of Santa Catelina, neere the entrance of Santos. 

n Our courte fromS. Sebaſtian was Soutywel aud by Udet, anv betmixt the Woutttwelt aw 
by Melt, nd Met fourhwetk, avs 


great fren 
but were dꝛ 
upon the C 
tie caliuers 


gaine, and t 


Che th 
and confer 
ro) tolde t 
dor had m. 
nation had 
ded that no 
and to take 


Hare, 


e gluen onder 
wkurther we 
8 honour able 
bat you haut: 
copy where 
p to ourerpe: 
time — 
ittie to ſuppiy 
peters to pour 
a teftimoniall 
o perfect anu: 
cablp,and not 


re map peeld 
if ithe pꝛolite, 
et OF whatſo 


iam Elkia, 


of London, 
he faid fhip. 


inthe Minioa 
th the knot 


AA. Stephan Hare. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


Chis plano of Santa Catelina feemeth at the fist to be a part of the yland of Girybia.CZlee an · 
ered at nine fathome blacke olle ground. 
Upon the pland there grow many Palmito-trees, but no kreſh water is there tobe found, 


Che third day of Mebruarp we arrtued befope the towne of Santos, and were the re well retei · Chev arrtus 
ned and intertained of the Cat aine, the kings officers and all the people. at Bento 


Che fourth day we tooke into our thip a beefe aliue, which ſerued fo? the bictualling of the thip, 
and the rekreſhing ol our men, and to make vs the merrier at Sbrouctine, 

Cbe eigbt day we deliuered to 9p, lohn Whithall a bedſtead with the appurtenances, which 
were fent to him from our marchants of London. 

Che 18. dap the captaine of Santos came aboꝛd our (hip, by whom we had knowledge of ſourt 
great French thips ol warre that hav bene at the riuer of lencro, which there tooke three Canoas, 
but were vpiuen fromthence by their cattles ¢ forts, and were looked fo here at Santos. Mhere · 
upon the Captaine requeſted vs to lend them ſome armour and artillery, and we lent them twen · 
tie caliuers, and two bartels of powder. 


Che 19. dap our Chiffe which we had ſent to Alcatrarz as, and had bene away fire dayes, came Che ple of Al. 
againe, and bought good fore of great and good lich, and tolbe vs that there was good Nore of fith . 


to be taken there by the haoke, and as much wood as we would haue of the Palmito-tree, 

The 20, day at night Nicholas Gale, ane ol dur company, fell ouer our ſhippes fide, and was 
ppotwned in the port ol Santos before the towne, where our thiprove at anker. 

Che 22. day two ol the Canoas which the Frenchmen tooke in the riuer of Jenero, returned 
to dantos and reported that the foure French (hips were palt to the ſouthwards, as they thought, 
fox the Straights ol Magellan, aud fo into the South fea, 

Che 23. da the afoꝛelalde Nicholas Gale, who fell ouerboꝛd two dayes before, was found a- 
gaine, and taken vy ther miles from out ſhip, and our cumpanp went to his burial in the Church 
at Santos. 

Chis day the Captaine and Futtices of Santos oled c arp in tbeir toad till the lat ol A· 
pril,for they had Cenc a barke of Santos to Bayaa things che ges, to know whether we ſhould 
aue trade there o no, and this barke could not re u befor ut time. 

About this time there arriued at Fernambuck a ce fro Portugall, which brought newes 
that the Iflands, Indies, and Portugal it felfe was n. frev and troubled by che Spantards, and 
that the Poztugales had both Englich and Frenchmen to Lisbone to defend them againſt Spaine. 

Che 25. day wee Cent two o our men, namely Thomas Michael and Simon I horne to Baya 
in a barke that went thither from Santos. 

Che two and twentie day of Apzill our Matter and Thomas Babington hauing fome talke 
and conference with the Padres of Santos, they ( our men being ready to go to the Niuer of lene- 
ro) tulde them, that they were foprp for our baniſhment from the Church, and that the Miniftra- 
dor had mitten from Rio de Ienero, that forafinuch as theſe twentie peres or more the Engliſh 
nation had denied the Church of Rome and her proceedings, therefore the Miniftrador commane 
ded that none of vs ſhould tome to their Church: the Padres willed vs herein to haue patience, 
an to take it in good part, and pꝛomiſed co ſtand our friends in their woꝛd and wꝛiting, both to the 
Minittrador and to the biſhop at Baya, and further requeſted all our Engliſh company to haue no 
ill opinion of them. a 

Che 28. of April we laded ſugars into our hip, 

Che 21. of Map we tooke in freth victuals from Santos. 

The 10, day of June wee —— one Iofto Thorno, dwelling in Santos, with ſome of our 
Englilb victuals, and intertained him in good lot in our ſhip, and this day wee were pꝛonuſedto 
haue a Pilot at Santos to cary vs to Baya, 

The 11. day we went to fith, to make prouifion for our Chip and men,andfrom that time till the 


eighteenth day wee fet water, and cut wood fo? our five, and trimmed our thipof the harmes and Leaks inthe 
Icakes which the woꝛmes hab made in ber wohile wee ride at the pland ol. Sebaſſian, and inthe zy ino 


meane time we departed From beloze the towne ol Santos, Our Patter ſent bis (hiffe from the 
barre of Santos, thinking to haue bꝛought Thomas Babington and William Euet with the Pl⸗ 
lot, which wee had carried for three dayes: aud as the Chiffe was colts, William Euet being by 


the Riuers five, called to our pinnelle, and ſent a letter to our * Mater, which Thomas Babing - uapote name 
ton hab mitten, wherein were no newes, but that the Miniitrador was arriued at Santos tum is 


the River of lenero, and would fpeake with our Maſter, but he willed that whatforuer Thomas 
Babington did wpite,no credit houln be giuen to it. And further he withen vs pto depart 
fo} Sant Sebaitian, and there to diſpatch our buſineſle, and then to lende ba. ke * — 

¢ 


Nan 3 


| hepteof Al- 


206 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Stephan Hare_, 
— — —— — ͤ — 


himſelle to Guaybea, where he (il he were well) would giue his attendante to come aboꝛd. 
Sher dn As we rid two leagues a lea-bopd the barre of Santos, wee yoke a cable in the open lea, which 
nr wn r happened the 13. day of this moneth. 

Me arriued at S. Sebaſtian the 15. day, and there ſhifted our balaſt, and had in ſtones, and hal: 
led our ſhip aground to ſtoꝑ our leakes,¢ caried our cake a ſpoare to be boopen fo water, which 
indeed might better haue bene done in Santos, befoʒe the Miniftrador tame thither: pet we fnith: 
ed all things pertaining to our ſhip, by the 22. ot this moneth,at S. Sebaſtian. 

Che fick dap of July Thomas Babington came abozd with William Euet, in our pinnelle, 
and the reſt of our men that went for them? but there was no Pilot bought actoꝛding to pꝛomiſe 
to 2 vs to Baya. 


From the heau of the riuer of Plate, and from their thiele townes there, they doe trade and tro 
lique by land into Peru by waggons, and hoꝛſes op mules, 
Che ſaide river of Plate is fo full of ſands and , and the freth fo fierce ſometimes, chu 
no chipping dares to veale with it, (mall barks to their knowledge map go vp it and not els, 
Che Ponngaia The Portugales here cannot bee {uffered to vie their ines of treaſure in theſe parts, bye 
foe” 7 — be pi 3 being commanded by the king and the Nite · roy, who is as theit king 
mines. cof autho? 

About twentie leagues from Santos there is acertaine kinde of wilve Wauages, tying: in the 
mountaines, which are in kriendſhip with the Portugales, and they baue continuall wartet with 
certaine other Bauages that dwell towarus the borders of Peru, which is diũant from Santos 
rr Thole Mauagen ol Peru haue ope of gold and ſilner, but they kme 

ok it. 

Locke what Sauagesof their enemies they take, they fell them to the Pottuge les fop knium, 
combes, axe o2 batchets, and other trifles: they will (ell one fo a pennie · knift to a Portugal am 
after two peeresthep are woꝛth twentie oz tbirtie duckets to the Portugal 

This prople haue alfo continuall warres with the Spaniards : and this was tolde bs by ont 
of thole Mauages, which bath vwelt among the Portugales theſe ſeuen peeres, with hom 
ter — Sennor Manoel Veloſo, And this fellome would willingly haut come with vs fo) 

n 

bere are certaine reckes that lie off betweene the ple of Alcatrarz as and S. Sebaſtiun, about 
rare, two leagues, which are to be taken herd ol, which a farre off in faire weather ſhewe like the {ailes 


: canes, 


| — Of (Dips. : 
NR ne the Eat and by Wouth inte 
At our conuning vp to Santos we found foure fadom ann a balfe water in the ſhallo welt place, 
and the like we found within a league after we were departed krom S. Catelina, litle moze o lelle, 
fs ak hoa el a nh kadome and a halle, about a mile o; lefle, then pon 
aue it deeper againe mope and 
ä ——— eo tonne fenomns wate, 


A letter of Francis Suares to his brother Diego Suares dvvelling in 
Lisbon,written from the river of Jenero in Brafillin lune 1 § 9 6. concerning, 
the — — trade newly begunne betweene that place and Pers, by the way 
the riues of Plaus, wich fall barks of 30. and 40. tunes. 


my} 2 that thole commodities weich 
wich vs, had bene for che marchants eee, 


Francis: 


Che pilot b 
and ſolde by th 
thirty and lixe 
made agreatg 

The next d 
bopage,and go 
gone from this 
where we rove 
Qhippe boat, ar 
witha canoat 
twas laden wit 
that the qouers 
fully, and fent i 
and comming 
ther and recen 
ny matters ol 

Shree day 
Jam felling ti 
all our hats. J 
bp into Peru, a 
is pallage euer 
laden with ſug 
are caried vp ct 
theſe barks ar 
fiue moneths a 
hing downe fi 
beholde the gre 
medto writete 
in Spaine, bet 
This trade hat 
which are the! 
did know this t 
doe. $0} vp t 
tuletos oz mer 
to, and bꝛing u 
and imploy it i 
for money in ¢ 
buc, and there 
kinde of comm 
the vopage of / 
fire thouland d 
meſſe. Foz ar 
ſolde heere foz f 
doo ze and the k 


Hare. 


aboꝛd. 
en ſea, which 


nes, and hal: 
vater, which 
et we finith: 


that he had mane a good market: but be 
undd 


Francis Suares. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 707 


She pilot bꝛought with dim in the {apo ſhippe two pipes of wine which were taken from him, 
and ſolde bp the Auſtice for foure and twenty reals euery gallon. But J lolde mine for two and Wine wideat 
cbarrx and fire end thirty reals thegallon, Af A bad bought any great ftope of wine, A fhouto bang la. 4 
made a great gaine of it: fop I ſhould haue gotten eight reals fo; one. 

Che next day in the moꝛning wee went all on (hope, 
voyage, and good ſucceſſe which he had lent vs, 


bping downe from thoſe places no other commodities but creature, It is awoonverfull thing to 
bebolde the great gaine and profit which is gotten in this river and in this tountrey. J am alha⸗ 


Chis rich 
trade was be⸗ 
gunne in the 
pete 1595. 


bapage 
* 


Aud J haue ſolde an hundzev cubits of bod 
fire hundzed teys 


le reavp 


lie b 
anb fifty reps the cubis : ——— reps tip vot, tom 


ltues. 


poem 
imine taken, 


—— —— — —— — — — 
708 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, M. James Lancaſter. 


Caffatacs. 
Meluets. 


alen. 


$ 


ſolde log two and thirty, andfire and thirty, and forty reals a iarre, bp reaſon there is great ſtoꝛt 
of lunmous and oꝛenges in the countrep: but in Angola it is moze woorth, Oliues are folve fo, 
halle a reall a piece: wherefore J hope to fell the hogſbead fo2 twenty thoufand reps, In taffatars 
and velucts there will be gotten two hund zed and fifty and three hundred for one hundzed. Jr J 
had bought great tare, J could haue ſolde it all at this rate. A haue already gotten good ſloze of 
reals ofplate: fo it is tolde mee that money is a good commodity in Angola. But I muſt im · 
plop ſome in meale, which is in the grinding. All the reſt of my money F will fend pou by billes 
of erchange, and lome part J will imploy in ſugars: fog I haue ent oꝛder to Baia fo that pur: 
pole. Foz from this place there is no ſhipping that doth go that way. So theſe letters J do ſend bp 
the wap of Fernambuc, and haue diretted them to mp toulin: fo J do determine to ſettle my ſellt 
here in thus coumrey. There is come downe ſrom Peru, by this riuer ot Plate, a merthant cal: 
led Alonſo Ramires, and he bath bꝛought downe with him ten oz twelue thoufand ducats in reals 
okplate, and is come downe to this plate to build him a ſhip to recurne into Spaine: and there i 
tome in his company abithop, And thus Ie ſus Chriſt fend pou long health. 

Vour louing brother Francis Swares, 


The well gouerned and proſperous voyage of M. James Lancafter, 
begun with three 0 and a galley-frigat trom London in October 15 94, 
andintended for Fernambuck, the port-towne ot Olindain Braſil. In which voyage (be-. 
fides the taking of nine and twenty fhips and frigats) he furprized thefayd poit-towne, 
being ftrongly fortified and manned; and held poffeffion thereof thirty dayes together 
(notwithſtanding many bolde aſſaults of the enemy both by land and water) and alfo 
prouidently defeated their dangerous and al moſt ineuitable fire-works. Heere he found 
the cargazon ot freight of a rich Eaft Indian carack; which together with great abun. 
dance offugars, Brafil-wood, and cotton he brought from thence ; lading therewith fit. 
teene ſailes of tall ſnips and barks, 


Des? JQ September 1594 the wopthipfull . lohn Wars, alderman, P. Paul Ban- 

Gio ning, alderman, gathers cf woꝛſhip in the city ol London, victualled thꝛet gros 
7 cis; to wit, The Conſent, of the burr tn of 240 tunnes oꝛ thercabout , Che 
Mie’ 8 Salomon, of 170 tunmes, and Che Virgin o 6o tunnts: and appointed fo com> 
Wit za inanders in this vopage, M. lames Lancaſter cf London, gentleman,avmital of 
the fleet, P. Edmund Barker of London, ticeadmirall , and . lohn Audely it Poplar ntere 
London, tereadmitall, hauing in their ſayd ſhips to the number of 275 men and bopes, 

Being fully furniſhed with all needlull pꝛouiſion, wee de parte n from Blackwall in Octubet 
following, keeping our one coaſt, vntill we came into the Wek countrey, where we met with 
Such guſts and or mes. that the Salomon (pending her matt at the Range of Dartmouth. put in 
to harbour; but by the earneſt care and indultrp of thy gene rall and cehers hauing charge. be 1288 
Shorey againe pꝛouidev. Thich vone having a pleafane gale fo2 our purpofe we put focht from 
Dartmouth the lat of Mouember following. But contrarp to our expectation, not iftpleagues 
from our one coat, we loft the Salomon andthe Virgin, by a ſto ʒme of contrary winde that fell 
vpon vs: pet being alone, in hope to meet them about the Canaries 07 — Blank, we kept on out 
courfe to the Canaties, hut could heare no tidings of our confopts ; which greatly grieued vs. 

Thence we went, bearing for the ifle of Tenerif, where in the mogning early we had fight of a 
{aile, which being betalmed vnder the ſhoze, was towing with their boat abead, bauing one other 
at her ſterne. Foz this laile we manned our boat, appointing our men wel fo2 fight i ner hho 
requ re. Che Spaniards leeing our boat come, entred theirs, and le auing the Chip, fought to aue 
themfclues by flight: but our men purſued them fo kalt, that thep booꝛded them, and bꝛought 
them wich their (hippe to our Generali, Chis thip was Liven with do tunnes of Canaty- wine, 
which came not vnto vs before it was welcome, Tie kept end mannt dit, piping thet do. anu 
the next night thereabout. Che verpnert moming we had fight of one other; to whome in like 
maner wee leut our boat: but their gunuct made a hot at her, and rooke off a popper poongs 
mans arine 5 pet we forced ber to pect, and ft und 40 tunn: z of wine in htr. She Spaniards 
Fang eber egg, and en 88 tener kes che de Kerry of beit Wentz, were all Cet on beg 


iy Tene Suche ir 


returne of their long vopage intended into the Walt Indies. 

Otucte Departed toward Cape Blank ; ana before wee came thither, we met egaine wih the 
Virgin our rercavmirall, whole men tolde vs fo) very truth bat the Salomon was returncd ſo⸗ 
England; infogcen{o to doc, by {pending ber man the fecondtime. Mibich wyencur men vanes 


J made knot 
to go fo? Ferr 
Imeane to g 
Cape Blank 
fuluce to perf 
no wifoome fi 
ted meeting i 
pou will be al 
helpe) J will 
ſatillied: and 
no ſmall iop te 
carauels, ſiſhe 
dur taptaine t 


and that all he 
were all glad, 

Of this gos 
of God in pert 
our meeting o 
her, our genet 
fafetp ſet our g 
men in the cou 
befoze our con 
Venner in bis 
come of Plym 
pecting luch g 
unkindlp, that 
but without m 


their woꝛke 
of the reit olth 


—— 


ncafler, 


great Tore 
are ſolde foꝛ 
In taffataes 
dꝛed. It 
good Nore of 
t I muſ im; 
ou bp billes 
fo2 that pur: 
J dofend by 
ttle my lelft 
erchant cal 
cats in reals 
and there tg 


ancis Suares, 


Ancaſter, 


er 1594, 
voyage (be · 
doit · towne, 
yes together 
er) and alſo 
ere he found 
great abun- 
herewith fit. 


p, Paul Ban- 
d ther goon 
about, The 
nted for coms 
n, admimilol 
oplar neere 
es, 
ll in October 
we met with 
outh, put in 
arge, the * 
t loc hth kom 
fifty leaguts 
unde that fell 
kept on out 
. & 
a 
ing one other 
ineer lo 


Ul fer on fore 
Indies. 
gaine with the 
g returned Foy 
ur men wnDEt* 
ſcoon 


A. lames Lancafter. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 709 


ftood, they were all in a 1 what to doe, and ſaying among themſe lues that their 
loꝛce was but ſmall when all our ſtrength were together, and now we had lof the one balfe of our 
Rrength, we were not able to perle nme the voyage: and therefore Lome of them came te the cape 
tain aChing him what be would now do, leeing the Salomon was loſt, the one halfeofour 

giuing him counſell to beare vp for the Welt Indies, and ppoue there to make his voyage, becaule 
bis fir plat foy want of ſtrength was cle ane ouerthown. The captaine hearing this nem novels 
eas not vnacquainted with the variable pꝛetenſes of mariners made them this anlwere: Sirs, 
J made knotwento pou all at mp comming out of England what J pretended, and that I meant 
to go fo) Fernambuck, and although at the pꝛeſent we want one of out ſbips, vet (Gov willing) 
Imeane to go foꝛward, not voubting but to meet ber at the appointed places, which are eicher at 
Cape Blank oz the iſlands of Cape Verde: fo) I am aſlured that M. Barker the captaine is ſo res 
ſolute to pertoꝛme this voyage, that his matt being reyatred, he will not falle to meet vs, eit were 
no wildome fo vs to diuert dur courte, till we haue fought him at thofe places where our appotn · 
ted meeting is: fo2 the diuerting of courſes is the oucrthzow of mot of our actions. And J hope 
pou will be all contented herewith: fo to go anp other courfe then J haue determined, (by Gods 
belpe) N will not be dꝛawen vuto, ¶Clith theſe reaſons and many others ſhewed, they relle all 
ſatiſliep: and at our comming to Cape Blank (Gon be praifed) we met wich the Salomon with 
no mull iop to vs all; and there the hav taken of Spaniaros and Boztugais 24 ſaile of hips and 


story 
caraucls, fifher-men,and had taken out of them luch netellaries as (he had need of. DF tbeſe hips ae 


out captaine tooke foute along with him, with another that he had taken himſelke, meaning to im · taken bp the 
hop them as occafion ſhould ſerue. At this place he vnderliood of one of the pilots of thole ſhips, 
that one of the caracks that came out of iht Ealt Indies, was caſt away in tte rove of l ernambuc, 
and that all ber goods were layd vyon the Arracife whichis the lower towne, Of theſe newes we 
were all glad, and reiopced much: fo; our hopes were very good, ſreing fuch a booty befoze vs. 
Ol this good company and happp luccelle we wi te all iopful, aud had great hope of the bleſling 
of God in perfoꝛmante of our intended voyage, and lo after ſume parle ¢ making frolikefop top of 
out meeting one with the other (pꝛailing God fop all) we plied for Maio :tabere Comming to an: Maio, 
ker, out generall ¢ che reſt of the caytaines went athope to view the place where we might in bell u gal- Ne 
laſety ſet dur gally· rigat together; which frame wer brought from England ot purpoſe to land England (ples 
men in the country ofBrafil. Pere we diſcharg ed our great prise of wine, and fet her on fire : but ces. 
belope our comming chither,pou fhall vnverlland we had fight of foure failes, which was captaing 
Venner in bis ſhip the Peregrine, and apꝛoper Biſkaine which be tooke at Cape Blank, the Wele 
come of Plymmouth ¢ her pmmeffe : all which toon with vs. But they ſceing our flags, not exe 
pecting (uch good fellowes as we, did beare from vs all they might; which our people toche very 
vnkindlp, that being all friends, they woulo neither enquire, nop tell vg any newes of our friende, 
but without making anp ſhewof kindnes would fo depart. As before J baue ſald, the choice being epe geny tte 
made fo) che place to build the galiy· frigat. ahoʒe it was bacughe , where the Carpenters applied 9 let vy. 
their wonke, fil cheered vnto it bp the generals goon gifts bellowed among them, and kind vlage 
of che reſtol the commanders, not without great cave of the t aptaine for the fafety of them all, bp 
keeping good watch: pet one negligent fellow, which bad no knowledge of che country, raping 
from bis company, was by the (ortugals taken, g very kindly vſed, and brought againe onto bss 
for which good the generall rewarden them well with gifes very acceptable, which they tocke 
1. kindly. Chu wee were thus bulily umployed about the fore lapd galley, we deſcried at {ea 
foure faites, which we had good hope would haue pꝛooued Indies men, oʒ ſome to haue bs 
what wee looked faz: but they proued taine Venner with bis le et, as afopefapn, tho vs 
umher, anhered alſo: where (pending fome time, and being acquainted with our generals peters 
mination fo? landing. tonſoꝛted with vs, x their bils,accopding to the mener ol the lea, were made 
md ligne on either part we to bauethpee parts, ¢ he the fourth, of all that ould 
ly dur ſtrength was increaſed to all our comforts, Thee weeks aʒ thereabouts we ſtayd in this 
place befaze che gally was finithen ; tobich done, putting men into her, and fitting her with oares, 
basing loureterne banks on a lide, a matt and Caile,che commannement of her tas committed vn 
tod. Wats, an honeſt (ailfull mariner, 
From thence we put agatne to fea,anv went fop the fle Braus, where we watertd : which vone, 


e ee ee e e neee Spt 
; vowne, cp, 
might gine them light , che barbopow being hard, and cherefope the moze periflous, 9 


being in fafetp well arriuen, God was prat(ed: and the gencrall in his boat went from (hip to dip, 
willing them to make ready (uch men as they could {pere, with mufkers pikes, billes, bowes ax · 
towes, and what weapons they had to follow him. Vimſelfe, with do men irom his owne ſytp . im · 
barked humſelke in the gallp, which caried in ber pꝛow a good lacar. and two murdering pieces. 

Our admiral ſpent all the night in giuing diret tions to euery ſhip to hene their men ready (hip: 
ped in their boats, for be intended to enter the harboꝛo at the bꝛeake of vay, ¢ to lcaue his ſhips 
without, till he had got ten the fore and the to wne: loz he would not aduenture the il ips in. iti the 
barboꝛom was gotten. Allo he proutven ſiue (ips, which he brought from Cape Blank, and put 
men in them as many as could conveniently ſaile them, and no moe, giuing them charge to enter 
the harboꝛow with his boats: fo at the er ecanct of the harboꝛow rode thꝛee great Holland thips, 
which our aumir all doubted would impeach hin going in; and therefore be gaue onder to the men 
of thele fiue mall (hips, which were not aboue oo tunnes a piece, ifthe Hollanders div offer any 
reliance, to run aboozd of them, ¢ to fet their owne hips on fire, and (cape in their boats, which 
they had loz the fame purpoſe, chat bythis meanes they might not impeach our entrance. Put 
when the mosning was come, we were fallen aboue halke a mile downe to the Noꝛthward, belom 
the harboꝛow, which was a great inconuenience onto vs: fo that before wee could get bp againe, 
che ebbe was come vpon vs, and thereby we were forced to heuer beloꝛe the harboꝛo w till two of 
the clocke in the afternoone,'n the fight of all the towne. In this meane time, our ſhips rode before 
the fore without the harboꝛow, about a demp· coluering ſhot off : in the which cme palled man 
fhot bet werne the lot and the ſhips and e(peciallp betweene the admirals tip and them: but no 
great harme was done on cither part. All chis while our admirall kept the men ready houering 

the gally ¢ the boats, The Hollanders that rode in the mouth of he hatrbo zo, lecing our rele 
dution, layd out haulſers, and wound themſelucs out of che way ol vs. Dur admiral was very ia · 
full, x gaue great incouragement to all bis men: fop, to paſſe theſe thꝛee great Hollandt rs, he hib 
it the greateũ danger ol all. About i 2 of the clocke the gouerner of the er wue {ent a Noptugill 
abooꝛd the avmirals Chip, o know what he would haue, aud wherefore be tame. He returntd hin 
this anſwere: Chat he wanted the tat acks goods; and fo them he tame, ann tbem le would bout, 
and that he ſhould ſhoꝛtly ſee. In this pꝛoceſſe ct time. the cownes-men and inhabitants which 
faw fo much ſbippmg, x perceiued vs to be enemies, gachered themſe lues to gt ther. three oꝛ foyre 
enſignes of men, ettecmen to the number of fome fir hundird at theleatt, Cbeſe came to the fn 
or plat-foxme ouer ogamſi che entry of the harboꝛow, and ihere attended cur landing: bu 
before our avmivak ‘ee fo ward with bis boats, he gaue exxieſle oꝛder to all that had charg: of go: 
uerning the boats 0; . alley. to run ihem with (uch vislence againſt the fhope, that they ſhoul be 
all caſt away without recouery, and not ont man ta Map in them, whereby our men might haut a 
maner of retreat to truſt vnto, but onelp to God and their weaprns, 

Nom was che time come of che flood, being about two of ebe «locke in the atcernconc, vhen 
out aomir all (et ſo ward, ann entered the harboꝛow with the mall galley, and all che reftof the 
boats following him. the Hollanvers that rode in che mouth of the harboꝛow. nothing iapeathed 
bim: but now che fore began to play with chert oꝛoinance vpon the galley and the boats; andone 
ol their ſhot tooke away a great piece ol our out of the galley. But our ſalle bring lit, ut 
was no tin tog vs to mate any lay. but with all che force we could we ranne the gallty vpon the 
— — the fore, within a coits caſt of it, wich ſuch violence , that we bzake her backe; 
and Gye funcke ppefentip : fop there where we londed, went abzeach ofthe fea, Wwhichpzelentlp 
taſt her away. The boats comming after din the like. At our arriuall, thoſe in the font has laden 
ail their opdinance, being ſeuen pieces of bzalle, to diſcharge them vpon vs at our landing which 
indeed they did: fo) our admirall into the waer, ali the ren following him, off came thete 
pieces of opvinance: but almighty God be pꝛailed, they in che fort , wih feare to (ee vs lend in 
their faces, had piked their opornance ſo ſte pe downewards with their mouthes,chac they thot all 
theit Chat in che land II e, it was vot aboue a colts call et themof bei wernt 
—— landed and the face of rhe fozt: fo that they ontly thet off ene of our mens armes. 

boing anp moze hurt; — — So + fop if thole cꝛdiuances 

bad bene well leucllen, a great number of vs bad loft our Lives at chat iuſtant. Dur avmirall (ees 

ing this, crico out, incouraging bis men, Upon them, vpponthem:; all (by Gods beipe) ts outs: 
and cher cheretetch ren ts che ken weich att wlotence, bole fouve on 

e vito terte nt bulb es thet 


go and 
thopotae a certtime dae t ich was byte being 
abandoned the fozt, er sag te 
be, This day of eur atriuull was thete eod-frivep, toben by cullome they n tee 


aofmenthar were ſet s 


M. Iam 
ſelues: but ¢ 
might be we 
thips, willin 
leauing certe 
from whence 
the low towr 
merchandise 
ing themfelu 
in hundꝛed bi 
Braſil- wood 


come, our aun 
gaue oꝛder fo 
with pods e 
be thanked) 
that this tow 
behinde it; fo 
ty paces ouer 


incafter. 


n Chip to (hep, 
, bowes ax · 
une ſhip. im · 
ing pieces. 

en ready ſhiy⸗ 
aue his ſhips 
ips m, l the 
lank, and put 
arge to enter 
olland ſhips, 
er to the men 
did offer any 
boats, which 
trance, Put 
ward, below 
et bp againe, 
w till two of 
s rode befor 
e palled many 
chem: but na 
ady houering 
ing our reſo⸗ 
was very tps 
ndt rs, he help 
a Pogtugall 
returned him 
e would hour, 
bitants which 
bree op foyre 
ume to the fore 
landing: bus 
Charge of go 
hey ſhould be 
night haut a 


fe czdiuances 
admirall fees 
pe) is outs : 
at were fet to 
at bulhes thet 
sas beng 
r ener 

. them 
. 


M. lames Lancaſter. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 


ſelues: but God ſei.t vs nom lo; a general ſcourge to them all. where by that labour among them 
might be well (paren, The fort being taken with all their opdinance , the admirall waued tu the 
Ships, willing them to wep and tome in; which they iv wich all ſperd, hinfelfe taking oꝛder in 
leauing certeine men in keeping the ſayd fone , and placen che ozdinance toward the bigh cote, 
from whence hee luſperted che greatelt danger; and putting his men in ower, marched totsarn 
the low towne. which was about ſome foureteene (cope From the at: i nich towne lay all their 
merchandize and other goods. Appꝛoching to the towne, he entered the lame, the people imbark⸗ 
ing chemfelues in carauels ¢ boats, with all the expedition they could. The bate towne of abcue 
anbundzed boufes , being thus taken, we found in it great More of merchandizes of all {opts : ag 
Braſil- wood, ſugars, Calico · cluth, pepper, cpnamon, cloues, maſe, nutmegs, with diuers other 
good things , to the great comfort of va all. Che admirall went vp and ootwne the towne, and 

at the ourh end of the fame capraine Venner and his company, himſelfe and his company 
in the midſt of the towae, and captaine Barker and capt aine Addy at the other end of the towne, 
giving great charge, that no man upon paine of great puntſhment and loſſe of his hares , ſhould 
bꝛeake vp op enter into any ware - houle, without oder and direction from the admirall. w this 
conmnundement was us well kept as euer any was kept, where ſo great Ipoile and hp wag 
found lo: it was not knowen in all che time of our being there, that any diſoꝛder was committed, 
oz any lodge op wart · houſe bꝛoken open, oz any ſpoile was made, o pillaging of any thing; which 
is anote much ta be obferued in ſuch an action : fo common mariners and (oti:Diers are muchgi⸗ 
uen to pillaging and ſpoiling. making greater accountof the fame then of ther hares, 

Oder being put in all things, we kept a very Cure watch this lirſt night, and the mozning being 
come, our aumirall and captaine Venner, with the reſt ol the captaines, went about the te wne, and 
gaue onder fop the foptifping of it with all expedition: fo that within two dayes it was ſurrounded 
with pods ¢ planks all chatpart ofthe towne next the mame land, at le aſt nine foot high; lo⸗ (Gov 
be thanked) we found pꝛouilion in the towne, Cufficient Rope fo it. ow it is to be vnderllood, 
that this cotone is enutroned on the one part by the ſea. and on the backſide by a riuer that runneth 
behinde it; ſo that to come to it by land, you mut enter it bya ſmall natrow paflage not aboue fox 
tp paces ouer at an higb water. At this paflage we built a loꝛt, and plancen in it due pieces ofoz· 
dinance, which we tocke out ol the fr fore we wan at our comming in to the harbo ow. Now 
we hauing the towne in polſeſlion, our at niirall ſent fox the Hollanders by bis cbyꝛurgian, which 
had bene brought bp inthat countrep, a man knowing their conditione, ant ſober end vifcrect of 
bis obne catiage, At his ard comming aboopn of them, they Cecmen to ſtand vpon their ou ne 
guard and defence. Cop they were thaee great and ſtrong ſbips: but he vſed bimtelfe fo, that they 
at the laſt willed him to come into the greateſt of their ſbips, which was aboue 450 tunnes. Then 
be declared to them our intent of comming thither, and that they ſhould be there as {ure froma: 
up thew of violence op iniury offered them, as il thep were in their owne houles, and if they ſhould 
thinke lo good, his admirall would fraight thé io; England, it they would be content with fraight 
teaſonable, and as they ſhould agree, and it ſhould be at their otwne thoiſe whether to go oʒ not, he 
would not force them, vnleſle it were to their benefic and good liking . Although tbis people were 
ſeme what Aubburne at the fir, as that nation is in thele cauſes, pet being faciffie With good 
wofbs and good dealing they came aland, & after conference han wich the at mirall, thep were lo 
fenfhen, that they went tho dom with a fraigbt; and then we iopned wich them, xthey with va, and 
thep ferued vs as truelp g as faithfully as our owne people did. both at watch and ward, by ſea and 
all other {etuices, lit hin two dayes after our comming in, about midnight, a great number of 
Poztugals and Judians with them, tame dolwne vpon vs with a very great cry and noiſez but Gov 
be thanked, we were ready fop them: fop our admir all ſupyoſing ſome ſuch alſault, had pꝛouided 
all our muſkets with haile· ſbot which did lo gaule both the Indians and the Poztugals, that they 
made them pꝛeſent ly retreat. And this is to de noted, that there was both the bople and bie river 
flaing boch with one of thefe thot. Our men followed them forme fiue oy ire ſcohe, but no kurcher. 
Lil lot in thie conflict but onely one man, but had diuers hurt. Eibat was loſi of their part, we 
could not cell, ſoꝛ tbey had befode day after cur retreat, taritd ama all their dend. Ilithin three 


Tah bas then inoue nmel atthe ann of Mona athe Weft Indice, where is ep nes col 
wap counning out of the Eaſt Indies. Co chigman our abmicall 


— 


7 The Englifh Voyages, Nauigations, M. ames Lancaſler. 


toꝛmev ic. was not ungrateful for his fopmer benelit ſhewed vnto hun. This captamt deſited ol 


our abmirall to beſtow vpon hum his (hips lading of Fernambue - wood, which he granted him, and ward the 
alfa his ginneſle. and more gaue hum a carauel of about 30 tuns, x bid hum lade her with wood al · within th 
fo; which with ather bene b? he gratelully teteiutd. Co the other two captaincs he granted their did it beh 
lavings cf wood, the one ca. aine being of Diepe, the other ol Roche l. The captain of Diepe con: ches wer 
damng len ige killed that he met Abraham Cocke certein moneths befope, ¢ being diſſreſſed ſo want of water, left che y 
rmerofPixe, gaue hum (ome, ę went wehhm to a watering place where he hav water enough, and fo departed neteſlari 
ma witdau. fro him iaxing that his men were very weake. il he comming in of thele (hips did much ſirength the ret v 
en vs; fozour admiral appointed boch theſe French and the Flemings to keepe watch vyon the ri⸗ we could 
uer by night with the. at x. euerp boat hauing in her 12 men at the leaſt, and the boats well pros we were 
uided. This was fe, re of fired ſhips og barks to come Downe , which our admir all had great that they 
care vnto, and cauſe. auc hips to ride by cables and haulſers, at all aduantages to ſhun them, if dtuiding 
by that meanes they ſhould attempt to put vs out ofthe harboꝛow; giuing tommandemen tec =a them abo; 
that watched in the cowne,that at fires ſoeue r we ſhould efpp oz lee, not one man to fiat: irom f  — forebego 
bis watch oz quarter, vnleſſe we were by himſe lle commanded to the contrary. Mo ονν⁰ον⁰α if coo chat 
put in all things, and hauing viewed all the goons in the cowne,and thinking our ſeluer Fele ne⸗ 1 ese mone 
ip loztilled, we beganto vnlade our hips, which came as full laden in as they went foo; bet net he mom 
with ſo good merchand ie. And this oxder was taken about the vnla ing of them, and r sye he ee dad the 
ding of goods out of the to wne: our men were diu tacd into halueg, and the onc halle wou aht oue a weep hote 
day, and the other halle the other day; alwayes thoſe chat wꝛoughe not kept cht watch wid their In chi 
furniture in their hands and about them, and none iteyt far off oz marred from bis colours, and pellen to] 
thole that wꝛought had all their weapons in good oꝛde et ¢ places vy ehem, fo that at an inſtant time the! 
euety one new where to go to his furniture: and cis was very carefullp looked vnto. beck SA 
The ehird day after our comming in, came down from the higher tonne, w eh mig he be about Ae this dang 
foure miles off upon a hill, tie 03 foure of che pꝛintipall gcutlemen oł ive coustrey, and ſeyd bs ae And ag 
from the bi ay, chemie lues. the relt, the would haue fome conference with vur mall. C. bis to burne 
newes bein g browgtstothe ur rall. he hung dotone his head for a ſmall ſeaſon and when hene nung in, 
muzed a wbile, he anſwere ; mut ag absoyn of the Fleming vpon buſines that iupozti ch me, ano burne 
and theretohe let them ſtay it y ni ente he went g late there with the Flemings from nine fop neerer 
ofthe clocke till rwo at the alter r aan Yo chis {pace diuers meflengers went to the admirall, t? mirall hat 
come away; fo: theſe gentiemen Xs 4, hm he gaue this anſ were: Are they not gone pets ploptes a 
And absut two ofthe Hocke he cn, nn then they tolde him they were depar rcd. Many ol haue done 
the better Cone of our men aaat ird, and thought much, becaule he would not vouchſalo to come was in th 
ano haue conference with ſuch men of actt unt as they leemed to be. But the admire! made them teiuing m 
this an were, Wirs, J haue bent brought vn among this people, J haue liued among them as both ſeruii 
Gentleman, ſexued mith them ax a ſouldier, and liued among them as a merchant, ſo that J ſpouln began to 
haue Come vnderſtauatng ol their demeano⸗s and nature: and J know when they cannot ppeuaile bad benen 
with the l wozd bp force. then they deale with their deteiueable tongues fop faith and trueth they 5 ſogreat 
bene none, neither will ule any, vnleſſe it be to their owne aduantage. Andthis J giue puu warn · it, as well 
ing that il you giue them parle, they will betray vs; and foz my part, of all nations in the wot, be there vi 
it would grieue me moſt to be ouertaken by this nation e the Spaniards: and I am glav it was Cour beſt 
my font to pay them withone of their owne ketches, for J warrant you they vnberſtand me bet ſo ſmall ſo 
ter then pou thinke they do. And with this J pray pou be ſatiſſied;:; I hope it is ſoʒ all our goons: our (hips. 
for what thail we gaine by parle, when (by the helpe of God) we haue gotten already that we lome they 
came fot, ſnould we venture that we haue gotté wich our ſwords, to fee it they can tale it from fopce was 
vs hy words and policy 2 there were no wifedome info doing. You know what it hath cof vs, in ſome 61 
and how manp men lie wounded that be not pet hole of this other nights hurts: and therefore from about 11 0 
bencefooꝛth J giue this cumnulſion, that if any be taken, he be ent away with this oder, altyougb fives that? 
be come as a friend, chat if either he oy any other apprech vs from henceforth, be ſbalbe banged out hing to cla 
Of hand: and other courte then this I will not take with them. Mhich courſe was follower; fo were prem 
within 3 02 4 dayes after it was performed by two taken in the night : and after that we were ne⸗ tafes,chat t 
uer troublen with (pies:and although Diners llaues came running from their men to u, by which wopfe then 
Wwe underũleod much of their working ¢ pretences, pet the admirall would enterteine ftw of them. ttunks fill: 
. — brm 
e. fo) iecing vs about lire night eur comming in, (hep pʒiuiip in de vg ca bur mei 
by a trench in the lands about a ſacar thot from our ſbips. minding there to plant opt ve, which ſparkles ot 
wouln haue offended our ſhips greatlp;e they would not haue bene able to baue rr: *otake and lain by 


in their laning, wich now begun to go abeopdof them. Che ad mirall bearing th. . 5 


— 


incafter. 


une defiren of 
nted him, and 
with wood al: 
granted their 
Diepe ton · 
ant ol water, 
b ſo departed 
uch ſtrength⸗ 
h vpon the ri⸗ 
ats well pro» 
all had great 
bun them, tf 
demen! oe va 
to ſtar: rum 
tis aw 
er lutehne⸗ 
, eit ot 
weit we fis 
wou cht one 
ch wie their 
colours, and 
at an inſtant 
to, 

ig hs he about 
and ſayd thar 
Mir all. C. bis 
when he aw 
pogtech me, 
ys from nine 
Admiral, to 
‘ot gone pet 
d. Many of 
fate to come 
made them 
ug them asa 
that J thouls 
nnot ppeuatle 
b tructh they 
ue puu wern ; 
in the wont, 
nglabit was 
ſtand me bet 
Il our gooos: 
eady that we 
take it from 


fopce wis burned but, 
in lome 6 night 


an lain bpon 
dauere: roam, eve dep Cooke ft nee nar urn the next 
EL 


AN. lames Lancafter. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 


an to wuhdzam themſelues 

thercrbut we made no ſland, neither 

mul kets ¢ pikes afore their tren · 
WPoptugals 


neteſlaries, and among the 
the reſt we tooke, fop the l 


bin lome 20 dapes after our come 
things as would bet take fire 


bad bene nothing to doe. Alſo 


3 ſo great lires to be 


danger. ith: 

ine abode there, 
burning with the hugelt 

men appꝛoched thé chin: 
Carauels the night belcze, they 
the body ol the 


among tHe poles certaine hollow 

d not Mill(as the fire came dowue 

fparkles chat our hats bauine powder in them 

ti mans j 

eerer out ſhips, certain clothes 

aud bandelers and fo venturtd vpon them, ¢ with tteir grapuels tooke 


dar 


2¹3 


TheEnglith Voyages, AM. lames Lancaſter. 


papin the mozning, Diuerſe logs and timbers came dziuing along bp our Hips, and burning, but 
with our boats we ealilp defended them. And thus (God be prapled) we efcaped the ſecond fires, 
A third firing was prepared,as a Negro gaue vs to vnderſtand, but this we preuented by our 
departure. Foz this third firing were very great preparations;and we were credibly informed of 
certainerie that this firing ſbould be Cuch as we ſhould neuer be able to preuent , and affuredlp 
thele fires be dangerous things and not tobe pꝛeuented vpon the ludden, vnlelle it be afore me · 
pared fc and foefcene. Ft. when it commeth upon the ſudden aud vnlooked fog, and vnpzo⸗ 
uided koꝛ, it bzingeth men into a great amazement and at their wits ende. And therefoze let all 
men riding in riuers in their enemies countrey be ſure to looke to be pꝛouided bckoze hand, lo; a 
gaint fire chere is na reſiſtance without pꝛepatation. | 

Allo it is a pꝛactile in theſe bot countreps , where there be uch expert ſwimmers, to cut the 
tables of ſbips: and one night it was pꝛattiſed to cut the Admirals cable, and pet the boate rode 
bp the cable wich two men in her to watch all the night, and the bwoy one ly was cut, but not the 
cables but after that night, leeing then our good watch, they neuer after attempted it. 

T Abile all thele things paſſed, our (hips (Goo be thanked) thoꝛom the indulry of our gouer⸗ 
nours, and diligent labour o our men, began to be wholly laden, and all the belt marthandtze con 
ueyed aboozd our ſbips, ſo that our Admiral ment to depart that night, which was the 31 day al⸗ 
ter dur entrance, oꝛ elſe on the next day at the fartheſt, and fo warning was giuen to all men to 
make themlelues readie. Dur Admiral being aboogn his (hip p lame mogning, efpped in the lands 
right againd the place where the (hips rode, that there was a lmall banke of land ne wip caſt vp, 
vnder which he perceiued now and then ſome people to be: pꝛeſently he tooke his boat and went 
to the tawne and talled all the Captaines together, declaring that the enemies were about ſome 
pretence right againt the chips, confulting whether it were beſt to ſally out ¢ ſee what they were 
doing, op Depart that euening accopding to the foymer determination. The Admirall was of opis 
nian to depart that night, ſaping it was but follp to ſeeke warres ſince we had no neede to doe it: 
other affirmed, it were good to lee what they did, leaſt the winde might be contrarie and the thips 
nat get out, aau ia our enemies map build vpon vs to our great diladuantage. Utell, fain the Ade 
mital, the matter is not great, fop there can be no danger in this {allp , fo where thep workeitis 
Within Falkon-(hot of che Hips,andif any power fhould come againt pou, the (hips may play vp 
on them with 40 peeces of opdinance at the lead, ſo that a bird cannot paſſe there but themuttbe 
llaine. J am ſome what vnwilling pou Mould go, for J haue not bene well theſe two dapes, and J 
um not ſtrong to march vpon tholeheaute lands: they anftwered all at once, pou ſhall not needeto 
trouble pour lelfe fop this ſeruite, for pou ſee it is nothing and of no danger, being fo neere the 
Ships, doubt you not we will accomplith this leruice well pnough, and returne againe within this 
boure. The Admirall anfwered: the danger cannot be great, but yet pou (hall goe out ſtrong fe; 
feate ofthe mort, And lo the Admiral marſhalled them 275 men French aud Engliſb, which 
were vnder the conduct ol Edmund Barker, captaine Barker of Plimmouth, Uiceadmirall tocap⸗ 
taine Venner, captaine Addy, and the three French taptaines all going out together, and they 
were to march bpon a narrom peece of ground to the place whether tbey were ſent vntotin the beo 
pel plate betwirt the fea and the water on the other ſide, it is not aboue a ſtones taſt, fo; it is a bank 
ol land lying betweene the riuer ¢ the ſea, ſo they needed not to keare any comming on their backs 

d ontheir fives, and before them could no man come, but he mutt patle bp all the hips which no 
company of men were able to do without pꝛeſent death. The Amirall commanded them at theit 
departure to go no further then the plate he {ent them to. and fo he himſelle went aboozd the fps 
and made readie all the oꝛdinance fop feare of the wo, not knowing what might inſue, although 
he law no danger might follow. Thus we marched quietly till we came to the place we were ent 
vnto, being right ouer againſt the wips: out of which place came Come dozen ſbot » which leeing 
vs come, dilcharged and ran their wayes with ſuch as were Working within the fato platfoyme, 
So that we came into it and perceiued they bad begunne to lay plankes to plant opdinance vpn. 
Our Admiral commande, i there were any ſuch thing, to burne the plankes ¢ returne in againe, 
Which we might haue done without hurting of any mans finger: but our leaders were not cone 
tent to haue performed ihe leruice committed them in charge, but would needes expꝛeſly x againſt 
their ower march on further to fight with certaine Enlignes almoſt a mile off, cleane out ol the 
reachofthe opbinance of all our ſhips, where lay the ſtrength of the whole countrey, uUben our 
men began to dam neere thote Euũgus ot᷑ men, the Enlignes lermed te retire with great eek, 
which our men followed with luch great haſt that ſome outrunning other fome , our older was 
Droken,and thole enfignes retyꝛed thẽſelues into the forceof the whole countrey, fo that our fos 


molt men were in the midi ok their enemies per they were aware, which were llaine per * be 


IM. lam 


ag bee to 
tly hegant 
ofoue hips 
Barker captat 
afrench capta 
to the number 
laid, and bp th 
eae be 
paſſe the erpa 
Adraivall beg 
times to wine 
himſelke readi 
laden, and he! 
wep € go fort! 
wind to go foo 
enemies perce 
but did vs no h 
the ane of 450 
¢ one (hip whi 
mouth, and 4! 
good worth. U 
time we were 
miſhes we had 
whole fleete be 
fleete.to laile t 
bucke, and the 
kreſhing. Dur 
which French 
poles Fo bath 
and an other ca 
bhaſil· wood, at 
20 leagues int 
Peraniew, at h 
gale of wine iu 
ſea, and fo wen 
harboꝛom of P. 
bares and pota 
comming: chi 


fleete to be at P 
w great comloꝛ 
Queenes (hips 
thep are manp ¢ 
of powder on fi 
net with 2 othe 
inehethip with 


after. M.lames Lancaſter. Traffiques & Difcoueries, 7 
— 77 ²˙ ˙111..—T—. tlt ne 
could tome to ſurcour them. The enemies in ¢ came a 5 i 
ve ey lently 7 retice / the enemies nilomen rette Ne Wend of 1 dda 
php dur oF ouF bia hubert Chey were beate off atv left chete puctutt. An ches conflict were lla captain 
forme of Barker captatne of the Salomon, captaine Cotton p Ammticals L ieutennnt captaine Iotin No 
alſuredly akrench captaine of Diepe, and another french e ol Rochel, . lohn Barker ¢ ot — 
fore nes to the number of 3 5 loꝭ theſe were the formott and hottett in ee Enſtgues afo 
D bnpzo⸗ ſaid, and by their forwardnes came ailto periſp. Atom retutnt into the towne the — 
ae let all to vs much bewayling the death of fo many good unn as wert laſd, wondering what we ment to 
1D £09 ae paſle the erpꝛeſſe ander that was giuen vs. CMith this ae dur men werr much vanted , but our 
n Adraivall began againe to eutourage them, decl bat the fortune of the watres Wen lame. 
o cut the inne to win ann (omerimes cotoote, Ano therewoisball be wilbed euerp mem ta prepare g make 
vate robe bimnfelte readies fop that night (Gov willing) he would depart, Fox ail our (hips were readie and 
ut not the laden, and he would not Rap anp further fortune. The euening being come, the thips began to 
wer e go forthof che harbour, and God be tbaukeb of hin goodne Te coward ve wdo ſent wea faire 
r gouer wind to go foortl wichall, ſorbat Ly 15 of the clocke in the nighe we were all forth lalety. Gbe 
wize Cons enemies perceiuing our departing planted a peece oꝛtwo of oꝛdinance, and 1 che night, 
I bap afe but did vs no barme. THe were at ourcommung ſoohth 15 Carles, char ia, 3 faites of Hollanders 
Linen to the ane of 4 o unneg ebe other of 350 tunnes,andebe third of 300 tunnes, foure failed of french 
the lands Gone thip which the Adnural gaue the french Captain. 3 lailes ot Captain Venpers fleet of Pim. 
cat vp mouth, and 4 failes of our Admirals ficete, all iheſe were laden with marchandizes, and that of 
1 215 good woth. Ille Raye in thin harbour to palle all this duſineſſe but onelp 3 1 bapen, und in this 
vat Come time we we re occupied with Chirmiches and attempts ol the enemie 1. mien; tn all nich Chire 
4 müdes we bad the beteer,onelp chis tat ercepcen, Co Gov be the banvur and ppaite of alli gr. Che 
a8 of opis whole fleete being out in lafety, the next day in chemogning the Admirell gane opder to the whole 
to doe it: ficete ta (aile toward Peraniew a barbout Iping ſame 40 leagues to the Nonth ard of Fernam- 


40. 
ha 


nop 
d the Ad. French men in a mal pimelle, — 
oke its ing out of England fop chat pure, 

p play tps fecetp,fopat this port of Peraniew 

e mull be raf Frenchmen baue has trade fo 
es, and J who haue fet it for them fome 

t neede io pete. Thus we all (ailed coward 
neere the at we were forced to lie olf ¢ on with a lille 
ithin this leete. æ they not knowing tbis coaſt put off to the 
Arongke; miralt and ſome 4 Caile moze with him put into the 

b, which bimſelfe very well, with bens, conies, 
alltocaps enchmen had partly prouiden before bis 

and they Eile and refrech very well, But, a6 J Peren 
nthe ho⸗ 

is a bank 

eit backs 

which no in the moneth of July, 

mat theit Captaine Venner ¢bis 

) the fps pe, which to vs was be 
although the cuſtome is, finding the 
were fens Che Gunner being careleſſe, ag 

ich ſeeing I 
latkoꝛme. caben, flew the guns 

nice pon. of which 402 5 died. Chis powder made (uch a lmoke 
inagaine, 

e not con · 

cagainſt 

out ol the 

Uben our 

eat heen, 

at out fops tered bs out of this and may other inthis bop 

er the ret in Geesh men (Sod be Marler) we c to Blacke-wall in Caferp, 


coul 0⁰ 2 A ſpe- 


the Chips bucke, and there to take in kreſb water and to tefteſh theme luex, and to nuke prouifion fo} . re 


16 The Englith Voyages, Feliciano Ciega, 


iall letter written from Feliciano (iega de Carualfho the Go. 

i eren eee Noh ann. 

ling ot ing hi ng che | „ 

8 dae che caltle of Cabodee bythe Frenchmen, and of 
the diſcouetie of asich ſiluet ming and diuerſe other important matters. 


Recetued your watettics whereby 
A nd erſtande that pour WPatettte doch determint to pot erde in the diſcouerie and 
Ce hing of conquen to the 


dp unes reſolu⸗ 
tion to pioceed 


in tae Dicoues pyſth a copie of a letter, which pour Mae te Cent onto vs, bearing vate the two and twentieth of 


titir bonles, Mues, and Goods fo oft:: 
nd can Reeve their gon and ον, aun not (pend nop walk them as J haue done, 
pit ai fo — para rerheleffe being ſpyeat in pour Maleſties feruice , I am very 
glad there of. #02 I and they ate wapes readle at pour Maieſlies commandement. 
And as Concerning yous M ale ſ ies commandement in conunanding me that J Mould put to my 
helping Hon in the tonqueſt of Rio Grande : atthough chis Captainethip of Paraivaand countrey 
Fw eher where J beg gouerue doch want abilicid fey Wat purpoſe, pern .. “> pour Palette thall 
4 Gee aueertinton eesle to doe pour Mate itte the belt Ceri. 5 con: Foz it is very Well kunwen 
of Sontperip hom lo ward J baue bene alwaytn ano an in this conquer , and Mill Loe put to my helping hand, 
kamen ag pour Moemie doth wndertand by a letter which A wrote to pour Maleſty by my fonne, 
bearing bate the 190 Hach 1596 wherein pour Maieſtie map vnderſtand what good Ceruice J 
bane alreabie done ttt , ano aimapen will be readie to mp power to doe the like in furthering of 
the lam entetprife, N 
‘ pieale ont Matettic to vndertkand that che thir of July there was brought vnte me 
N ee me, And J eramining of him, he tolde 
me that he tame run ug awap krom tertaine French Hips men of warre, tame vpon this 
coal: end he tolde me that he had Cerued pour Maieſſie in the watres ol France, Likewile he 
told me that he left me leuen gre ae ſhips Frenchmen ol warre riding at an anker in Rio Grande, 
and that there were 13 french thips ol warte moze, which han giuen battery to the Caſtle of Ca 
The catte of bodelo, and landed 3 50 foldiers all in white armour, and the bi ctery dna nf mm 
Cenniclo , sin ye Guay following boch bp (ea ani land, and great Cope of Frenchmen were Haine, sie 
Trench tus Captainesof che French. Dn our five the Captaine of the calle was flaine , and other he 
Poptugals hurt : other darme they had none. There were but twentie Poptugals in the cattle, 
and five pieces vl oyoinance, Che y ment co baue kept the cattle, and to haue traded with the Jue 
dian people. Oo ſeeing they could wo’ cake the taſtle, they hoyſto ſayles, amb went from thence 
to Rio Grande: and being altogether they are in number 20 ſaile at an anker in Rio Grande. An 
ſome of them determine after they be new trimmer ann dꝛeſt, and haue taken eſh victuals, 
and ſlayed there vntill E alter, then to Depart from thence to the Honduras , and fo to bur ne an 
ſpople — to wnes thereabout. a 5 
Itertiſied Manuel Mafcarenhas of theſe once by tt setae ha — 2 
rpevit ſouldiets ‘ch were gartſon “ernam ' 
— — — bene enen ur. But the Friers of The Covent would not confent 
thereunto, nop {uffer them to be fent vnto me. o J was forced to make ſhift with thole ſouldi · 
erg only which J had in mp government and: de them witd me and marchen to the place where 
the enemies were entrenched , ane bpon culbtiunday in the er ing about the. of the clocke, 
Ce tountrey Having in my companp a. Negro of ibe countvep of Petiguar, which was our gude, be bount: bs 
Sade ag, ey Where the etemics campe was; — epaneniem — 1 Bore — — 
j eth Age in es and. tre) rebels, A nchmen fhe 
en many — they told me that there we en gree rench ſyiys ol ware whit 
ine foun — — trenchmann nigas which bah coueret 
nun foun Lien wis ine ned, Are 9 2 
Cg 105 j luer in a plate called Copsoba. e Alu: bath bene tried — — 
v0 arp 0b. itis very; and fine fuer, and there is great qunntiti. C bo man which told me ol · — 
. 5 


Felicia 
beene in the 
itis but 6 pa 

Furthen 

man of the g 

off at the lieg 

to come bach 
in chis count 
ſuuer, which 
 Porcone 
intend to com 

waulb lend u 

Che F rey 
tcompan tut 
one aft 
thole Freut. 

did reheil, aut 

carenhas that 

to (pore, and. 

Nat able to fui 

lacke of hot, | 
Pereupon: 
there un yning 
mat e their lea 
them prfoner 
me as tonchin 
tu haue coe 
But now u 
victuall their 
and gare not ca 
will haue non 
alts mult AT 
long ome, Li 
is molt true. 
dare, UUlheret 
tucty thing du 
ſo to take eh 
out the lituat 
fence of this 
he went hunte: 
en he would 
of the Gouer no 
£0 doe moze th: 
are m mp. 

It may plea 
Franciſco de Sc 
pe of warre: 

Ings ag I noe 
leruice g fatege 
fend vs from ow 
trey, the lerui⸗ 
mit tye charge ar 
tapraineg tom 

im in pour fer 
Wartes continue 
foutdicr, and bat 
ind him Comm 
cannot be kept, 
Ipas je will vo: 


Feliciano Ciega. I raffiques & Difcoueries. 


he Go. beene in the mine, and hath leene it tried and me 
to Pil 
1 
en, and oſ 
whereby 
priv Pogconer J am enfoymen that a noble man of France call. She turtle of Villa Doreadaih 
‘cogetbee mic uo Co came upon Chis coat with a great fleece from Rochel, were good that vous Maieſtie 
emitth of Wail lens into France to knowe the certainetie thereof, un 
the 15 of Che frenchman li ae wile tolo me that all the Cantbals of Periguarhauetopnen themſelues in an rye 4400 
to under ⸗ compan dich cettaine Frenchmen, which were cat away in two (hips vpon this coat, Toe bade e begue, 
fe, which one aft n Wich were call away was one Rifoles, and the other ſhip was this mans. And 5 
bene thole Freucumen which came vpan chis coalt viv loyne themſelues with chofe Canibals which — 
—— did re heil, ano oly diuide theinſelues into two ſquadzons. Do 1 fent prefently to Manuel Mat. sale 
pave done catenhas that ye (houlo ſend me aide and munition, But he ſent me worn againe, that he hao none 
0 am very to (parc, ana that he did purpoſe wich all {peede to goc him ſelle to Rio Grande; and that he was J 
' nat able to ſucniſh himfeife o well as he coulp wilh, no to Laing is louldiers into the lield, fo, f 
put tom lacks ol hot, powocr, anv other nuuitiun, which be dib want. 
. Vercupon once moe the 29 of July J with my ſouldiers matched to the enemies campe, and | 
tettie there uyning vattell with the Indian rebels, Which were toyned with the Frenchmen that 
Ukvster mute their Leavers, I did let vpon them, and lew great fore of chem, and tooke lourteene of 
ing hand, whem prloners, Tycy doe eeport che very lame newes, which the other Frenchmen did tell 
— me as couchiag the Maps which were in the harbour of Rio Grande; and hom their pretence was 1 
‘ene 3 tu haue conte and he ue taken vs, and ſpoy led the countrep, a 6 
of Dut now being put to flight and hauing receined the ouerthꝛom, they can get no victuals ta 
Dictualt their ſh ppes: which bath bene the caule chat they are mightily binveren in their lutent, 
t but me aug gare nat came any moze to attempt vs. Aud the 7 18 are fo dilmayed, that in halte they 
, he tole Will haue no moze helpe nop aide ofthe Frenchmen , So by thele meanes of netellitie the Indi⸗ 
bpon this dis Mut tubnit themſelues vnto vs, confivering they are quite ſpopled and ouerthꝛowen foz a 
rmile be long ume, Likewile they haut enfopmed me touching the fuer nine g which are found, that it 
—— ie mot true. Sop chole french ſhipyes which were in Rio Grande haue laden great ttope of the French hips 
mel. back. Ciberefoxe J certificd Manuel de Mafcarenhas of the Freuchmens newes, and howe wnat uid 
Fribay one tucty tung did end; withing him tu make reanie foure hips and chee hundzed Couldiers, and Must aas. 
laine, ans fo to take e harbour of Rio Grande, being now cleered and bopde of cue enemies and to earch 
other we out the Mewarion of the place, ano where were bert co foptifie and to builo Some Fortes for the Bes 
the afte, fence of this r, where neene hall require. Mercunto Mafcarenhas ſent me wopd, that when i 
the Sue he went hunter. and found te true which hath beene repopten touching the liluer mines, that ii 
am thentce en he would fenv | ech men and hips. There ſoꝛe pour Maieſtie nat giue omer, that the retk i lt 
ande. And ol the Gone rnoun ay de and alli me in theſe warr es: otherwile of my ſelle I am not able i | 
) victuals do doe moge then haue alee die done in defending of this countre y ag ainſt aur enemies which 
. atemanp, 30 
burne a It man pleaſe pour Mals. n be aduertiled. that from time co time I haue written untu Don 
im to (en Franciſco de Souſa Gouernop genere of this realme, who is in Bai us concerning theſe French 
ne ants men of warres but he will not anlwere me to any purpoſe, be cauſe 7 do white vnto him lo ſuch 
ot : things og I noe want, which are ſbot, powder, men, and munition requifite fo) pour MPatetties 
ole lauldi⸗ leruice & lat g ard of this captaineſhip. For here are neither hot. po ww der, noz anything els to de 
lte NO vs from our enemies ʒnoz any that wil put tothe ig hands (op the defence okth h n 
de clocke, rep. ¢ the (cruice of pour Maiellie. And therfore it were needfull that your Maieſty thouio con 
yours be mit tue charge and gouerument into the hands ol Diego Sicrus with erpꝛeſſe charge that all be 
ok them taptaines ¢ comin ders vpon Paine of death obey him ano he rradie at all timer to aide and afl 
tor“ : in pour leruice. Otherw e thes countrey cannot be aud matngained, hauing fo great 
cre wü warres cant inual iy as we haue, and arg troubles withall. Fos chis Diego Sierua is ab. good 
. fou'dicr, and bath Good experience : ann is fit toqouerne thig coumerey, Dove Hints i= athe tg 
ae ‘eid bim Comnutlion with rpꝛeſſe cémandement to follow thefe wars; otherumfe his countrey 
xo welter, Fano: be Kept, buc daily they will rebel. Fon here ave none that will ferue pour Maiellie fo tuft. 
10% beth Ipas he will vo : mh wil haue agreat care in any thing which ſhalcõcerne cur Malettes Ceruice 
bent Ooo? touching 


N 


The Englith Voyages, Feliciano (iega. 


touchm q the elate of this countrep. m the Ooueraour So ula doch {pend your Malelies trea 
{ure in builo 


7:8 


Eheconquet countrep,and fop the 
of Riv Gaede. t be ha, if ottaſion thou erue, 3 wer geg pour Male e Goule Conn eno the 
duns Fonts to building of a couple of H opts 0p Cattles at Ca lo, fo they be very ne ede full for the t 
Fenn ol theenemie, whtrb Daplp doth warte again this Coptatneſbtp. $07 that man which thall go. 
uerne this countrep,tf he be no moze foztunate then J haue bent hitherto, ball not mille one time 
be coummtey o; another, but he loofe all the countrep, It Don Francifco de Souſa hab ſent mee tholt 
Lane ate SWOHUNDZED and fiftte foulviers which I did fend for, which were in garifin in che caftte of Ar- 
wbetot, treeciſe, which doe nothing but (pend pour victuals and creature, and had not ſent them 
warree to Baiha, where there was no nere. thete warres of Periguar bad bene inden long agone, anv 
2 had laucb pour Maitſly a great deale of charges which pou had {pent in folowing of this conquett 
8 new captain of RioGrande, A baue chofen one Captaine lohn de Matas Cardoſo tu be Gouctnour of Ca- 
Seperate bodelo, who is a verp ſuſficient man, 

85 Furthermope, tt may pleaſe pour Maiellie to vnde rttand, that the chiee lt. riers of this o 
 srearcone watterie of B. Antonie haue complaint d on me to the loo Gouernour generall, and haue caufen 
thingtee go, great ſtrife and debate bet we ene him and me couching the gouernment and rule of cheſe Indien 
4 wavy townes, Fon the Friers would command and gout rne both the Indians and their tow nen an 
uns well n Eteleſtaſtirall as Cempopall cauſes, as couching the punithment of the bodies of ſuch 

asate offenders. But J haue r elilued them in pour Mateſties name, and haut alleagt d, that 

none but pour M ueſtte mul rule and goucrne anu their countrey, and that the townes ay 

pert une to pour Moieſlie, and not vnto the tiers. But che Gouernour hath werten a letter 

buco me, liguifying that he bach pronounced a ſentence agaiuſt me in the F riers bebalfe which is 

this, The King our matter hath ſent a decree and certaine ſlatutes touching the good gouem. 

ment and orders to be executed and kept in thoſe Indian townes :: and that vpon fight heree 

of I ſhall preſentiy banith all the A¢amalukes and white men which dwell in ary of thofe In- 

dian tones with all fpeede , and that none of them from hence forward fhall enter into the 

faid villages , without commandement and conſent of the faid Friers. Qo this ſentence wos 

prefenced vnto me by the Reuerend father Cuſtodio, Prior of Sant Anton of Braſil, with a fur⸗ 

ther pott(cript of the Bouernout impopting chefe wonds + J doe lihewile charge end commaus 

pou the ®.uernour of Paraiua, that prefenclp vpon digbt bereof pou Chall reſloze thoſe villages 

and houles which pou haut burned and deftroped in the lait warrts, and like wiſe the to une of 

Fereergnet S. Auguftine, and that pou ſball budd chem againe at pout owne proper colt and charges: fog 

Ae, the Friers alleage that thele townes were giuen them , by a Decree ſent them from Pope Pius 
Quintus, that the (aid Friers (hould gouerne and rule them. 

Da the other ſide I haute another ſentente againſi he ſaid F riers in pour Maiellits 
name, and for pour 9p alleaging chat thofe cownes, village s, and ſubie ct appertaine and 
belong vnto pour Maellte, and that in tempozall caules I am to puniſh thole offenders, which 
(hall rebe ll againſ pour Maieſlie: and as touching eccleftaltical cauſes that the Clicar ol this Ca 
theopall church ſhall rule, gouerne and inſtrutt them in che Chiſttan religion. So we both bane 
appealed vnto pour Maieſtie herein, and pour Maieſtie map peruſe all our topitings, and then 
determine that which (ball be belt and mott profitable fop pour aieſties feruice an enlargement 
of pour crown’. £0? theſe bpoples the inhabitents of this Pariaua fopfake tit ir hoults¢ 
dwelling places and ſo doe fome of che Fricrs,becaufe they cannot be (uffered to rule ¢ gourrne, 

Alo the Indi ms haue complayned me, betauſe haue burned their villages in this 
luſt rebellion. here fope il pout doe not lend Come opder for this countrey and ſte into 
theſe tales, it will need great dillention anv rebellion among vs, and we {hall be readie to tut one 
anothers chpoat befope it be long. 

acto ming to my bumble bounden vutie, and foz the feruice of pout 
of this renime, to certifie your Maieſtie the truth of the wbole matter; bo 
ping in (hore time that pour Maieſtie will end Come good oꝛder to qualifie theſe moples: fop there 
lagreat hatred and malice among vs. Zeſus Chait preferue and keepe the ropall perlon of pour 
Waiettie with long bealth.as it pleaferbbim. From the Captainethtp of Paraiua this prefent 
20 cl Auguſt, 1597 
' Feliciano Ciega de Carualtho. 


Sea-cur 


And if the win 
fo) thy pꝛolit, 

mayel not con 
baixos de Sant 


Sea-currents. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 92 719 
mn nne ecee 


A ſpecial note concerning che currents of the fea betweene the 
; ape of — — — the coaſt of Braflia, Saen a French Pi- 
Sit John Yorke koight, Si Cabete; which pi 
coalts of Brafha — cae wanne 
Emorandum , that from Cabo de buena E da vnto Brafiliathe Sunne hath 
the like dominton auer che tides there, as the ouer our tides here. 


bath 
/ that whenfocucs the Dunne is in any of tbete lignes he gourrneth the cides ag 
follower, 


Tauru 
Che Sunne ash erin Serial courte yerthwett, 
cer 


Leo 
cus. Fear 
Libra 


Scorpi 
Che Sunne being in Jene. § certo bat oro Moutheat, 
Capricorne 
Aquarius 
Che Dunne being in 2 8 no current. 


Aries 


A ruttier or courfe to be kept for him that will fayle from Cabo 


Verde to the coaſt of Bra/il, and all along the coaſt of Bra/ilvnto the river 
of Plate: and namely firtt fom Cabo Verde to Férnamback, 


mut gor Douchfoucheatt : 
thal the mul go South: 

ts thundzings and lights 
way and bp that boopd that 
hauing the 2 winds, 


mayeũ not come netrer the coatte of Gui 

baixos de Santa Anna. And be ance ſame, thou (hale cat about the other wap 8 
Chou (hale vnderſt and that the hip chat ket pech this courſe to Femambuck and gocthin Oc · 

tober op after, and chancech to goe to windward ok the Ille of Fernando de Loronha, when thou . 

comet co 8 degrers. on 8 and i. then thou bolt go Celt and beare with the lend. Chou mut 8 

rn in 8 Degrees thou fee land, then locke to the Noꝛth · 

warn. and thou (halt (ce certaine white cliffes. Eben J aduiſe chee chat thou 


mentioned, andfeet cliffes , mope land to the 
Mouth, then make accompe Fernambuck thou 
haſtire leagues , and hata 


The Englith Voyages, Ruttiers for the coaftof Brafil. 
Imuiſe chee thatif chou be Caf and CHek with the cape of Saint Auguftine, thou ſhalt fee 
wu din che land an 6 Hl, agit wert a (edle von it lt to a camel: Aud theu ſbalt 
ee Wes long cera, un en thou (halt fee the toalle to lie 
ay Sourtwett, : 
Tuben orp Ebou thate a this cape of Saint Auguſune, to the tune of Olinda, thou 
SE ar at et fete cae 
Fernambuck, in be anoa „ ernam 

a che course robe vnpenoo tobe oberuet ax heptloude pant fom Lisbon in Suter o 


Nouember. 3 is 7 . 

Cake this aduile, that if theu depart in Mebpuacp op March from Lisbone, then thou hale goe 

18 to beare with the land in nine degrees, betauſe that from March lo wards raigne moſt cunnnon. 

Bade len ly Wouthtall and Souhwelt winden. Andif bp this height and courte thou bing thy (elfe nigh 

sn dy ap bo to the (hope, keare not to blag wv Oke into 18 03 20 fadomes,fop all the coatt is cle ant: and there 
Biuarpoy are no moze Dangers, but (uch as the fea doth bycake von. 

2 And it alter toy fall with the land thou haut occaſlon to goe to the Nonthward, and ſo going 

pom to unow Ieiſt certatne (holoes, doubt not to come for the Noth, and thou ſbalt (ce the cape of Saint Au- 

tpecapeots, cutting , which lyeth as it were floaping to the ſeaward, and hath as it were a bales bead, 

8 and hach vpon it a round hill, with many hilles round about it. And if thou come along the les 

Ina desento t oaſt much about the depth aboue mentioned, thou thats ſee a little Illand called Saum Alc xio: 

Alenia, Aud from this I llaud to the cape of Saint Augultine are foure leagues, and it Gandee in cight de 

grees and three quarters. 


The courfe that a man muſt keepe to the bay called 4 Bahia de 
Todos os Santos that is to fay, Lhe hay ofall Saints, which heth on the fore- 
fayd coaſt of Arai. a 15 ö 

pera? F thou got fo Bahia de Todos os Santos., theu muh keepe the courſt wbich 1 

Py 1 hate alteabp let bone, and (halt obſerue the time from March foywards, as alfa 


A HCA from October forwards. Thou Chale wnveriand that che Bahia de Todos os Sin · 
apy ‘os Randeth i 13 Begeede and 5 : and if chou yor in Detober og after October, 

Seeg ans WD ben goc tu fall wich the land in + 2 begrcesop 2 aud halfe. 

one cpird part. Aud t. bis for a warning that when thou Cec a white land, and long bankes of white (ors, 


Ke 


«marion 
I J. 
Tapaon. 


Anofrom thencꝛ to Bahia is tenne leagues, 

RiodeTntre And here along this bill on che Mopeh wen five there is a great tiner called Tinfare sand tt 18 
avy * every goovriuer, And in the entrance of Bahia there are fire o) feuen fadomes water inthe char 
- nell, And J aue rhec that being in the height of 13 degrees and a baife, thou come not ucext 
rte che lanv,fop tt bard a bry very vengerous, 


rr to Pernambuck, then Gavelle shee therchoucehe goow bere of 


the coat on the Hoptheatt aud Mourhwett, and chou (halt goe Call it che winde wil luer the 
to got Call: and ſo gocthirtas vz Sopep leagues off to che fea, a 


Rio das lihas, 
miane taking 


called As Serr: 
and {eave norbit 
ih u mapeſt nu 
and thou walt t 


dus Contas, bu 
Aud from thenct 
Dour h ward of i 


Nurtiert for the coaft of Brafil. Traffiques & Difcoueries. 721 
Aan beende tb thou beate nae in with che land of Bernambuck, kt in te pelgheoto 0) 10 
ravers, becaute thacin i 1 begteru thou thale fall AEnfeadade Vazabaris, ney nt 
2 eae tom Portugal anb fale achter ien buen eps, —.— wbt, neat cea 
» and goe 
e. 


tlurttent Quo from 
leagues: and che coat tpech And from ehence 
Rio das lihas, that ia, tye riuer of the Banos coal runneth Non heal and South well 

— » quarter of be Moth and Beuth. * 


The courſe for Baia das Ibar, chat is, The bay of the Iflands, 
soa» Which lie on the fayd coast of Brasil,’ the marks for the finding of them. 


Tecon give fo) Baia das Ilhas thou mutt leoke lo it in fifceene degrees lacking u 1 , mn 
N quarter. eth m1 de · 
A thou be minded as J Ca: yoy ox chele Alles, if it bee from March foz give aching 
word, thou (hale fall with the land 1s degrees and a halle, and though it be in 5 
Dei degrees and’, it is alithe better. 
Audil thou haue light of certaine higb hules, that ſeeme to reach to the Chie, thele hilles are 
called As Setras Raiemotes. Then hauing fight of theſe hilles, thou thalt gre along the coat; 
ani care nothing. fo3 there are no ſholdes along to the orth, Ano when thou ds, 
thi mapeſt make accompe chep be thefe which thou ſec kel, fo) there are Noorbes on al this coaſt, 
and thou ate fee a round pil along the fea, Chou hale vaverttano that on the ogrh lde of this — 
hullis the going in of the riuer. But ir it chance that thou finde thy ſelle in a time that will not 
Suffer thee to got in, then goe along the Iſlands giring chem a bpenth off, And thou 
Come to an anko? hard aboo zd them, fo all is cleane gtound 
ladomes, and from thence thon 


agues. And att 
bap within the land. 
and lend, which lieth as it white in. 
thou Chale there fee tertaine white houles which are the Ingenios Edd 
fuget of Lucas Giraldo, From thence thou thale fee the Illes . 
Contes. And chou thale fee mithin the land a rouno hill which is 
another copple ou the South five, 


The courſe to ſayle to Porto Seguro, that is to f: ay, The fafe hauen, 
lyingon the forefayd coaſt of Br, & the matkes to know the fame by. 


Portio Seguro and goeſt in ehe time of the Mouthealt winden, which 
4 * kawards, Tadulde thee that thou fall not in mope degrees then rtren co anolde Os 
me and abaife, berauſe of the holes called Os baixos dos Abrothos, which are verp - 
dangerous, and Meeech veep facre into the fea, And allo N 
thon detpe thy 100 go mg and be often founding, And if thou chance to 
All and lang wichall, much like to Che pike it to the le Il ehr le ellen 
derben mai goe to the Noth. and twhen thou het brougbe it 
delt brave witty ter land. hut muh great care to looke about thee, 
Mul when thou (ced the land and cummel to lee aren stiffe, then looke to the South ward, 
l and 


be Englilh Voyages, Retversfor she conf of Bra 


and chou ſhalt fee a great bmooth coatt along the (ea, and then on the No ich lde chou (hale de. 

letie Ponogeguro. And got the coatt thou thalt (ce the towne of Porto de 

hell is a white rocke: and on the Noptb Ae of the (apd roche 

aduiſe thee that when thou art Cat end Icleſ wich the (apd land, 4 
at mncane itp rocks, tas eben thou lake ato tes pad un hon ſbalt fee cercaine rocks 
© lying two leagues off into the lea, fea voty bpcehe, and to the Sui wardol ihem 

faye Porno Sep chou maytũ come to an anko? againtt rhe towne, and bail a good place to ride in thirteen fadomes 


im fighe of she tamne. 
comme 14 — to arrive inthe time of the Roßtheaſt winds, and commell in che height 
16 degrees. Of fifteene degrees and two third parts, and (eet not certaine billes, then thou mutt goe along the 


J 


coaſt being een de e ie La ee: eee tb n ure 
mant & 16 vee CANDIE, (ea coal: And if chou dau d tiuer in ebis deigde, put not thy lellt 
oe. . EAN Aud off them ics token 


2 * aly poe called Os Bamos de Santo Antonio. And from hence to the South ward lyeth Por- 
A 8 * 
a . thee that going along the coat to the South werd, and lecing ſurb ſboden, aun che 
ſea to Wreake dyon them, as the otber which J lat (pake ol, thou ſhalt runne along them a ſea 
Hoopd of them: and when thou art at the end of ihem . then che cowne will beare [Get of thee: an 
then thou mayeſt goe to thine ankoping place as is aboue ſapd , giuing theſe dio a good birth. 


The oourſe to the hauen named Baia do Spirito Santo , that is to 
fay, The bay of the holy Ghoſt, lying on the ſayd coaft of irg, and the 
markes thereof. ; n 

Won ſbalt unde rlland that the tip tbat goeth fo Spirito Sanco, when it hat h doubled 
the ſholdes called Os Baixos dos Abrolhos, and bath bought it ſelle in 20 0h 19 de 
grees and a balfe, then it may ball with the land in i U m 19 degrees and abalfe, un 
intwentie. And the ſuyd Gippe mutt gocin this bright, betauſe on his coat there 
Moma are dart ug Mongolns. bn 
bene wg A thou chance to come in the right of 19 degrees; and feet lowe land to the Mogthwe of 
ane the then thou art on the sRopet (ine of Spirico Sento, and chou mapeſt make atcompt that it itte 
omipe' land tying ouet Criquare,and ouer the tiuer called Rio dolce, that is the tiuet of Iwette op (rely 
De acer, Bf thou come alang the land thou Chale fino certain: bigh billes: but trutt not che frit chet 
chou fee® onlp, Foz beſldes the ref shou thalt fee a round bie bull wbich ts at che capes end, which 
1 ig called la Sierra de meftre Aluaro. Cake herbe chat gotng fox chis land thou looks coche Nen 
active Aware, and thou ſhalt fee a tiuerjcalled Rio dos Reyes Magos: that is, The river of ch: baer lng. 
| Rede hers ion comming to the Sourhward thou halt Cee ypetencly the mouth of tbe bap to.y.etbeeno 
' of this bill onthe South five, thou batt a point of a roche, which és called A punta do Tubsron, 
And on the Dourh fine of the bay it hath two oß cree blacke hie hilles, and in the mioet of the 

bap thou (hale goe in welware, 
Jaduiſe ther chat in going in thou take hetde of a ſholde which lech in the mouth of the bay: 
thou mutt ſeaue it tothe Southward ol chee and then plie to double a certaine Alland which lieth 
within, and thou mut le ant it to che JRopthward of chee : and when it beareth on the JRopth og 

mapeft come to an anko} : fo) all is cleane ground. 

And if chou chance to come by dis coutſe, and fall eſt in 20 degrees, and A 


See ee ed B ede 

goin, And thou 

that it. tbe 

ly in ene — j rene 
From Aüanor o Santo ttt i a leagues! ann Tammany ante SS FES 

| Sebo tee tpi Seno chou al eae anal go fen, nob bt wah 
bares. ofthe bay taitlopen cotwarnehec, Aunthis bar Manrerpinaovegrers. I xe 


A m de Re- 
poute, 


And before th 
either a ſea boo z 
it were an Allan 
rive ſalely on the 

Underſtand t. 
leagues, Ind tb 
into this riuer de 


trance ofthe rine 


man with long b. 
And take this 
hilles wit hin the 
accompt thou art 
Alland verp roun 
know that the mo 
wo Angra, tha: 18. 
tept neceſlitie con 
Japuiſe hee, 
mutt goe Mieſkſe 
Alland called Iſla 
higb, called ihe J. 
here it, for it ha 
tall rigbt with tbe 
goe into Saint V 
Saint Vincent lie 
op art neere the m 
feawaro, And hat 
baut told ther of : 


quarter and towar 


bout eigie on nine le 
Pom et Patos, tut 
Keane el 

tigoto Lagu 


From the Lagus 
high tier 


* 


Rattiers for the coaft of Brafil. Traffiques, & Difcoueries, 723 


The courfe from the bay de Spirito Santo to the bay of S. Fincent, 


aS 


wo rocks and the markes thereof, Alfothe courſe from Saint Pincemtto the riuer 
lend, 3 of Plate, 
te rocks Alling from Spirito Sanco fo} Saint Vincent, thou mapett t 5 
oftbem cuucn oz cig ht leagues off, and mutt goeto bete Cabo Fao, bas” Chaco 
abomes 1 Ann as thou connect toward CaboFrio,thou batt avery great bap called Bahia de Sal. Bets de Seluador 
oleate pe undo hut is. The bay of our Sauiour, And trom hence thou hall twelut leagueste 22 1. 
long the amd befope thou connnett to Cabo Frio, thou ett two (mall Banos, Chou Wa- 
5 a ſcgo ſi 0 
4 tither a fea boo of them oz elſe betwerne them. Thou ſhalt vnderſtand that Cabs Friet „ Ai 
4 5 ie were an Alland in che midſt of che face op thew thereof, that voth cut of the caye. Thoumayett 
rth Por. ride Cafelp on the Clie five thereof; fo) all is cleane ground. 
Underſtand that Cabo Frio ſtandethin 23 degrees: and from it to Rio de Tenero ate twelue Ihe of 
aun the les gucs. And this river of lenero bath in the mouth tbereok 3.62 4 Allands. And ifthou wilt go dees. 
males into this riuer de lenero, thou mapeſſ well goe in bet weene two AIllands which land in the ene 8 
— b ean Lew sn the South fide: nere vnto this rluer there is a great pill ſeeming to bee a no, a line a 
man A i ith long 
ub. Audient ehen op aduite thar if bon bein the beighe ofthis riuer, thou Gate fee certaine big Pt? 
a billes wir bin the land, aivich be like vato o gans. And when thou bett cbele ozgans, then make — oe 
t is to accompe thou art ight againt the riuer: ano comming neere the land thou thal Cee acertaine bute, 
ind the Alland very round, which licthco the Sourhward, and is hie and bare inche top, Chou musk Angra 
know chat the month of this riuer ſtandeth in 23 degrees and one third part. And trom this riuer 
dul 1 Angzta, tha: is to fap, The open h auen, thou hall 15 leagues, Boe not neere the land here, ex⸗ 
19 bee 0 I meane from the theecof 
; dee, f ane entrance A 
ht mutt goc Uuleltſeutzwell. and Sourhwell, and Met and by South. Anvebou 1 A de Sea 
Afland called Ifla de San Sebaſtiano, and to 1 South ward thereof another {mall Aland 
set off bigh,calleothe Mans of Alcacrarzas, that in to fap, Che Alland of Pellicaneg : but come 
1 ingere tt, fo; ithach dangerous thoalos, And from bence thou mapet go Mett, 
cop ety fall cighs with tbe mouthof Saint Vincent, aud thou thalt ee an Alland, And il thou meane te 
icf eat goe into Saint Vincent thou mut lenue this Alland to the Cettwar, d 
1 hub Saint Vincent lieth in foure and twentie 22 and when thou art in 
x and ee r aung ete ghee, Che bal ir ae fas ir init, 
taward. An , the belt markes that bee for theſe Ilan 
wen baut told chee ol: and this Alland lieth Hoꝛthw ease 
‘ubaron. 
ell ol the N : 
5 fantasies meted 
ml ananea to the riuc: of Sin i 
veto Alex h Noꝛztheaſt and Douth welk. Chercisa little — 
Kunbez 3 . , % 26 negrees and a 
be Bouth, Foca de Ou 
leer at entrance, and — — sa 
gin sot agate, 
ll named 
lng 60 
and: 
te 
bet wigs gerigo t ten 
soled Rose 
ee wind 
a romthe Laguna to the riuer called io de Martin de Souls dic 42 leagues, And the coaſt is 
. eee eee erh saonebeatte bp aonb, O Rourhwette bp sour sano ie yerhan Jaun ? l 


leagues 


724 The Engliſn Voyages, A Nu. to the Str.of Magel. 


into the ſra, where (hips may ride well. And from tie riuer of Mastin de Soula to Rio 
RiedeS, Peden, de San Pedro are 52 leagues, and the coatt lieth Foycheatt and Souchiwett. 

From this nuer of San Pedro there lieth a of land a good league off and moge, and it 
gene eth on the Sourhwe't five of the port. And frdtbence to Cabode Santa Maria ate 42 leagues: 
Mai, aap the coat lieth JRortbeall and Sourhiweet and all ts lowe land, 

on the Houeheatt five of Cabo de Santa Maria there lpeth an Ille two leagues off into 
„ a pach a good harbozough bet wirt it and the mapag, And note that the maynt u 
we land. 
The cape ol Santa Maria ande th in 3 5 degrees, and at the point thereof it bath an Alland 
leagut intothe fea, 


Hereafter followeth a Ruttier from the fayd riuer of Plate to 
the Streight of Qtagelane. 


pe cape of Santa Maria is in 9 5 degrees, Frbehence to the Cape de Santo An. 

tonio, which ts on rhe other lide of che tiuer, are 30 leagues — 

MDourhlouthwek. And chis is the byoavett place of the rwer, And this capris 

in 36 degrees and a balfe, and it is a blacke groſſt land. And thou mul marke 

tat 25 {cagues a (taboo id the moush ol rhe tiuer there lie certarne lands, whch 

, be called Baixos de los Caſtellanos. 

He chat falleth with che cape of Santa Maria mutt take good beede to go Boutheall vntill het 
be in 36 degrees. ano from thence Mouchfourbeatt vutill 36 degrees and a balfe, giutg the fayp 
hots de los Caftellanos abzeanth : and alfo taking eeve of the flats of the cape, And when hee 
finveth 4003 45 fadomes, and rufice ſand. then be mutt goe Southwell and bp ouch, vail pede 
in o degrees : where bee (hall fino great itoze of wecder, which tome from ite coat, and aman 
w. go a0 leagues From the thoze in this founning, 

Cobo tahun Fm tde Cape de Bente Antonio to the Cape de Arenas Gordas ate cight ¢ foytp leagues, 

Ceres. and the coall lieth sMoptbeatt and Sonthwett,and by Ea, nd by CLef and in che fied eighieene 

w de b. Aue le the riuer called Rio de Santa Anna, which bath at the entrance certame flats anv 

serine them a good bpeadth, and conte not nigh them bp much, but heepe chp Celfe in oy y fae 
domes to goe ſutely. 

cet Ai From the cape de Arenas Gordas tothecape ol Sant André ate one ano thirty leagues: it ts 
eth PdRtheatt aud by Cal, and Bourhwet by CMietk: A meane when chou art in ihe nupoett 
with an e quall pittance from them both. And between both the capcs are many bapes and riuers, 
but a l full of landie tholves, 

tom the cape of Sant Andres to the bap called Anegada, that iu. The funken bay, are 30 
leaques Eatnopehcatt,anv Cietfourhwed, It Randerh in go degrees, rather lefle then moe. 

From the bay callen Baia Anegada to Che point of the plaine land are 25 leagues Joxehnopth: 

Wan. catt, and Southlourhwett. This point Meth in 4x begrecs anda halle. Aud from this poms to 

Ads ende Baia fin fondo, that ts to fap, Che bottomleſſe bap are 2 5 leagues €alnoptheat,and Cietfouth- 

welt. This bap Canveth in 42 veqrecs and ahalfe, rather leife then moze, 

nd from Bais fin fondo te Cabo Redondo, ¢ Puerto delosicones, ete 37 Leagues Porth: 

.  noptheattand Southfourhwe Come what to the 5 hand Grouth, Aud tf thou mt ane to gout 

fram thence with a tom paſſe about alt / che nance of a halle circle op an arch, fo thau mayo l halle 

throwrd the Baia fin fondo along the (boxe: fo there is water enough, 
Note that from the riuer of Plate to cbis place is neuer a gb harbour fo great chipping. 
From this plate to Puerto de los leones the coat is cleane, and a man map come migh vito the 


Briaos de los Cac 
frelienos. 


Prusren de 14 


ter bnd: Anm it ts atowwe land wich white cliffs, Chis harbour isin 44 vegrees, Aud an m He 
‘ Sr owt fo ctrtant 


Fave gro becher 
veo! OE Krall vockes which Ke neere tbe 
Cb de Mamas, pale a 


„ann Khe Penh af che harbour. 


coe at neo ee ie + an tare hem seen grea bay weep ng PAD 
tothe orthmett 28 leagues fram Cabo redondo is a river Iping ano et 


„ erf oes Fatt 


—— URL gan Kc & 
oonth. degree amd 2 4 
Tn det de C eee ey Bee ffn, aud chr 


rom tiie barbowe io Cabo de 378g %) Che expe of Hubs, are 30 tengues Meth 6 Heal. 0 
thle de Came. 1 t ts t“, 
— led Rio de Cumarones. d;. The riuer of ſbaimps. Bou ball hum tober pan fall wi chem ret. ; 


AJ Kuttie 


ann white cliff 
Rand in 47 det 

From this: 
white cliſfes tt 
the laile ok a fh 
in the face the 
taine popnts ot 


which afarte o 
hour are two 


and bath certat 
little copples: 

From tye h 
Forth Ave of t 
broad, lapd out 
This Cape ha 
ls lanb it is g 
tunne in light 

tem Rio 
deth in 52 deg 
land it is plain 
toppe and ſon 


mut not come 


Liste eg Se 
b ey see 


2 


A Ruttier tothe Sreightof Mag. and Diſcoueries. 725 


joula to Rio anv white ciffes are 32 leaguesiping Month and by att ann South and vp CCtett: and tyep Csbe Blanco 
Rand in 47 degrees. m 47. 
nope ind it F tom this Lape the cont peth towards che opth oe Rolthwelt about; Leagues alt full ot ls 
42 leagues: white cliffes ſteepe vp: and the laſt cliffe is the viggt it both in length ano height, and (hewerh to be 
the laile ok a hip when it ts vnder faite, Theſe cliffes ate 6 in number. And this Cape hath 
sues off into in the face thereof a certaine round land that the weth to ber an Illand alatre off: aud it hath cer · 


taine poynts ol rockes hard by it. And two cables length from the land is 25 fathomes mater, 

Avouc tbele white cliffes the land is plaine and tuen: and it bath Cercaine woods, There is much Beoviern be 

people in the countrey: of whom J with chee to take good heed, 5 
From this Cape the land lyeth Moth and Mouth; which is the ſirſt fall of the Cape: and in 

the late therrol ie hach a poynt of rocks, which thewe themfilues . And on the Routh fide of this „ coon pare 

— eines road, and there isa Bay in the middeſt. bour. 
from Blanco to Puerto de San lulian are 37 leagues, and the coattlpeth Noꝛth and by 

Cal and South and by Cell, Chis harbour of S. lulian hach in the entrance tertaine high hülle, LP* Pert of Ay 

which afarte off ſeeme to be towers. Onthe South part ol the entrance the chanell is derpeſt in 1 

the minded : and thou muff borrow netrer the Moꝛth lide then to the South. Eclichin the pars 


didia capris hour are two Aſlanvs: thou mult come to an anker hard to them. € bis hauen lyeth in 40 degrtes. 
mul marke Aud betweene Cabo Blanco and this harbour are Che Illands of Aſcenſion, and they be eight. ue d. Aken: 
dung, which From this {ato harbour to the bill ot S. Yuesare 35 leagues: the coat lyeth Noꝛtheaſt g South 1 J, zune 


welt: it is a low lan and cuen and hath onelp one hill. and it is a plaine from ont part to the other, Yue,m sods. 


all vntiil bee and bath certaine cliffes to ſeaward, and :o she Bouthward, and to the South lioe it hath certaine 87100 large it 

uin g the (ayo little copples : it ſtandeth in yo degrees large. 0 

ind wöen hee From the h ll Of S. Vues to Rio de Cruz axe 8 leagues, Noxtheaſt and South welt: and on the Riode Cus, i 

th, vntili be be Noꝛih ide of the river it hath a very high land. and inthe toype it is plaine and lyeth two leaguen 

lt, and aman broad, lapd out along Morty and Sourh, and the downt fall on boch Hives hath as it were (doles. ö 
This Cape bach many popnts of rockes lying 4 leagues into che lea: and when thou halt light of 

a this ira tag —— 9 krom it a good bycoth oll. And going from thence thoumayelt 

eigtitene runne ok the land in 25 fathoms, 
une flats anb tom io de Cruz to Rio de Galegos are 35 leagues, Moytbeal and Southtwett:ano it (tan- 20 he ee 
lte in foptp la · deth in 52 degrees and; of a degree. It hath acertaine high land: and in the bighett ofthe Capo epersot, 


land it is plaine, and to the Moꝝtheaſt it is a pike vy, and hath certaine white cliſfes: and on the 

toppe and ſomething vo tunc warde it is blacke : at the foote of this high land to the Eaſt ward 

thereol it hach certaine Sips like a lather: and to the ſeait bath a ſharpe poynt that lyeth into this 

Cape almoſt halte a league. To the South ward of this € ape where the lacher is, there is a little 

Bay, which is the ener ance of Rio de Gale gos, it ebbeth and floweeh here 12 fat homes. A man She wee 

mult baue a great care hom he goeth in bere loz the taule abouctasd : bus he mut heepe himlelkt . 

out and not anker init. poy — 
From Rio de Galegos to the Streits of Magelan the toaſi lyeth Nopthnozt ij well Wouth⸗ : 

foatheat 8 leagues unto Cabo dela virgin Maria, whichis theentvance into the Sotreit : amp Cite del 

4 leagues befope a man come to this Cape there are white cliffes with tertuine blacke (pots in 

them; and they be cauſed with the falling do wne of the water. T thou 


ti bay, are 30 
ſe then moe. 

Noꝛthnoꝛth · 
n this point to 
WUchſouth 


agues Worth: mapeſt come to an anker harb aboopothe (hope , and bal a good defente for a . 
u ane to go cut Aud the Cape it ſelle is the bigelt land ol all, and is like to Cape Saint Vincent in S peine i and Prey 
mi maps patle it hath on the Catt five a ledge of rocken, and a popnt of (at, with divers {ands which Mewe bre de leb cate 
therafeluesat a lowe water t theu mut cake great beede eere and gine them agood brevth 1% pW. Cane 
Chipping. halfe a league or a quarter of a league off, vntil choubzing the Cape e Aeſtnoꝛttwe it. and then thou mne. be au 
rng vnto the mapeſt dure away Sourywelt, And ben thou comet to che lowes land and inca tenne op Narbe l 
Aud aga man twelue Fathonss chen art thou ouer ageinſt la Purificacion, And halſe a leagut within the land uber. and 
vat fo} certamat the ettte ol Non bre de leſus war » Cat and Mek wich the 2228. 2888 
teat "| — 2 h krem the ſayn Cape , zun goceh within che Streiten, Chis Cape landet j 
5 5 53 
erpiong Bnd Aub shies ts co be taken for a warning that be chat commerhneece this Cape, and paleth by it tele 
tee e bau (aio wich the wind at Mortbe all. oy any other mina off the lea inclining ra she Southeast, Ao” wen 
nutz dis set, mut not tome to anke r, but pacienely be Bence pat? Op; betauſe in Sonne r this place is much pane yt 
ber es ren Wc ed iste cictt im sce tbep pat b man fombis tachi, gmake GaN ee. 
aa een By lacſe his voyage. Annf ten chf cee’ r bla winds from the ſra to gut i= sae 
f  fenmathis Cape to tuter oworge Seren laid Tape the Streites gu in ta the Fh wel unge are re 
neues & «4 leagues: aus the chanel mageth aarromszonr 3 which 9 — 
„ * alle 


p cake 
wt 


726 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, AA. 20% Drake. 
Sees Cab northenſt. and Cetfourhwer, And comming out of the mouth thereof a man mu keepe 
good roade himſelfe a poynt to the Mozthward, becaule there be rocks and (hoalos, Ano if pou (ee bens of 
med tan Weeds, take hecd of them and kerpe off from them t and after you be patt this treight pou mutt 
the Nonbwer Pitre CCletfourhwer 8 leagues vnto Cabo de San Gregorio, which is a high white cliffe, and is 
wel! Sout’ 4 good road for anp wind from the Mopthwelt tothe Mourhwelt. But men mult beware and 
The Indtans not ttult the Indians of this Cape: ſoꝭ they he ſubeill and will be tray a man. 
sob nag Te which 2 ne Sts — 75 Gracia, 
ide Stfens and lyeth E theaſt and outhweſt; And c ng out of this Streit thon 
cee. halt fee 3 little anos, tying —— a — — tk nan them fp a 
Thelecond no d : pꝛouided alwayes that t w pes on ts. u bee 
4 — — And from the ſe Allauds thou mutt keeye forwards in the chanell TClel ſouth welt t wo 
any leagues : and then the coat lyeth Noth and Mouth vnto 5 3 degreesand a halle, vnto a plate cal. 
Annas; beg. led Punta de Santa Anna: and to the Moreh week thereofin acomer op nooke — coda 
andabalie.  sincones 0} nookes) was the towne builded called La Ciudad del Don Philippe. @tou mutt 
Ba Cita det come to an anker tothe orthwaro thereof, after shou art patt the cattle and a great tree, 
don Philipper 
wen is vow 


bine med. TWO VOYAGES OF CERTAINE ENGLISH. 
men to theriuer of Plate ſituate in 35 degrees of Southerly latitude: 
together with an exact Ruttier and defcription thereof, and ofall the maine 
brauches,fo faite as they are naugable with ſmall barkes, By which riuer the Spaniards 
of late yeeres haue trequented anenceeding rich trade to and from Pera, and 
the mines of Poteſſi, as alſo to Ch., and other places, 


A report of a voyage of two Englifhmen in the company of &. 


baftianCabota , intented for the Malucos by the Streights of Magellan, but 
erfourmed onely tothe rues of Plate in Apt ij 15 27. Taken out of the informatiot of 
Robert Thorne to Doctor Ley 1 for King Henry the eight, to Charlu uu 

Emperour,touching the difcouery ofthe Malucus by the North. 


ene A ee Mafloce of tinee hips and a carauell that went from this citéeof Siuil armed 
Cabot vito: bv ibe merchants of it, which veparted in Appill lat pak, A and mp partner 
nd the rmer of N ee 29 5 5 — —— —— buckets that — 8 the 7 fleete, 
. a) Crea? icarnedin Coſmogrepbie, ſhould goe in. he fame Hips, to bꝛing me certaine ree 
1 ation of che fituation of the countrep,and to be expert in the nauigation of tole 
2 ——— other — aduiſe that J delire to —＋ an 
p. n thole quarters are (hips and mariners countrep , and cardes 
they laile, though much vnlike ours: that they ſhould — ine suena » and leatue 
—— see . fo thole Allands 
1 ö. 
S ee, n il from the laid Iſlands the fea voeh ertend mithout interpolition of land to laile from the 
Che fw Noꝛth point co the Noꝛthe alt point one choufand ſcuen hundped 07 one thouſand eight hunnpen 
Miene by leagurs, they ould come tu Che neto found Allands that we diſcouer ev, @ fo we ſbould beneeree 
tHe Eugülh. to the {aid Mpicerie by almoſt 200 leagues ihen the Emperour, on the king of Porcugall are, 


An extract out of the diſcourſe of one Lopez Vx a Portugal tou- 
ching the fight of M. Fenton with the Spanith (hips, with a report of the 
proceeding of M. Ichs Drake after his departing fiom him to the siuer of Plaus. 

Won tne relation of Pedro Sarmiento concerning the ſireits of Magellan, that 

— og 9 hing heard, that there were hips in Eng- 


Ebene went inchis fleercebe gouernour of Chili, with soo nine fouliers 
that came nut of Flanders: but this was the fleet of ſhips that eue r went out of Spaine: 
log befone they came lrem the toaſt of Spaine a e tooke ; an coh cay Ge 


2 


Geece, and in 
that they thou 
the ir fle ete w 
In theſe 
had aſſigued 
tilicers to ma 
vition, 
, eflect 
feomebencet 
ſuvden Mopme 
the be (hips 
and in bis thi 
the end the lit 
were put bact 
fome kryers g 
pinneſſe, whic 
aſked them fo; 
Dertupon 


mined to goe 
that wert left 
ther thace hi 
in all the fleet 


was Richard! 
knowledge the 
lohn Drake, a 
had but t wo oa 


Span 
and out of the 
ſent forme hart 

This Capt. 
Captaine a 
sd 


Spaine, 


zal tou- 


ue. 


— 


M fobn Drake. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 727 


— —-—-— — — —ſ kj 
llectt, and in them aboue doo men, and the teſt came into Cadiz. But the king ſent chem woßd Fine Mive of 


that they Qoulo poceede: and ſo there went out on the voyage 10 ol the ſhipyes, lo two moze of . l 
coalſ ot Spaine. 


their lic ete were much (poplen by the Rerme which they had. 

In thele lireteene ſhppes, Pedro Sarmiento toas (ent to bet in the ftrattes , and 
had alliqued vnto him 500 men to llay there wiey hum, and hee catticd with him all k inde of Are 
tilicets to make hun kozts, and other neceſſarits, with great Boze of ordinance and other mu- 


, Shistlecce becauſe it was late, did winter an the cpaſt of Braſil, in the riuex ot Ienero: and ps hecte 
kromthence thep went when the winter wos pall, ang about the htigbt of 42 they had a thesor mace 
ſudden ftoame, fo that Diego Flores beat it up and Downe 22 Dapes, in which time hee loft one of 
the belt hips he had, whieh had in her 300 men, and 20 women, that went to inhabit the Streits: 
and in this thip alſo was mol part of the munition which ſbould haut bene left in the Streits, ſo in 
the end the dome grew to bee fo great, that the ſyiys were not able to endure it any longer, but 
were put backe vnto an Alland, talled Santa Cacelina s and there he founda barke Wherein were 
ſome Fryers going fo the riuer ol Plate : which (riers told him ol two Ripe, ama f Nen 
Pinnetie,which had talen chem, but coke nothing ftom them, no) did them an darm, but one 
aſked them ſoz the king of Spaines (hips. 
n Diego Flores knowing that theſe Englich hips would got ſoz the Atrelts, deter. 
mine d to goe thithe r, although it was in the monethol ie ner eps tips of the 1 5 
that wert left, hee lekt two (ips which were not in caſe to goe to ſea at the Illaud, and into the o · 
ther thace hips which were old and ſhaken with the Pome hee put all the women. and liche med 
in he gga fens them to the riuer ol lenero, and he wich the other roreturned againe lo 
the Streits. 

The thyee ſhips iu which che ficke men and women were, went to Braſil, ant there they lou 
wi hin che por ol S. Vineent the two ſhiys before mentioned. 

Shep woulve baue ha the Engliſh men to haue gone out ol the harbour , and th CDEP a nope nso 
fell to light, and ber aule that thele thee (hips were weake with the Royme,endtbe men that they 1. 71 
har were the wont in all the fleete she Engliſhmen eallly put them coche woz, and funke one; 
of roem,anoinighe bau funke anocber , ifthe nglahmen would : but dep minded not che Dee 2824 hive 
a ß 

' not doe it. i 0 
dennen ae. — oy Englan, without doing ofanp Seis. 

arme in untrep. ö 

The cauſe why thele Cngliſh ſbipxes vnder the conruct of . Fenton went not to the freits, 
er eee eee lome fap that it was 

kings (hips, 

"But che pinnette of thefecwo (hips went from <em,in tubich was Captaine lohn Drake sthe Tobe Drake en 
caufe whythey parted A know not, but the pinneſſe came ints the riuer ot Place, anv tvirhin fue fo tbe ciues of 
leagues of Seale Alland, not farce from the place where he Carle of Cumberlands ſ ypes dw 
take in freth water, (hee was cal away vpon a lenge of rr ches : but the men were ladet in their 
boat, which were in number 18, who went athore on the Mohthſide, and wenta dayes tourney in 
to the land, and met with che Sauages, which are no men · caters, but takt all the Chyiſtuns that 
they can, und make them ſlaues. 

But the E slithmen foughe wich them, and the Mau agen lew ¢ of them, anvtooke 13 alive, 
which were with the ol the whofe name 


knowledge that there was a towne of Chiſtians ou the other foe of che river, he in a night called — 2 1 
lohn Drake, and another pong man which was with them, and cooke a very little Canoa , which ucr of P 


Tus Captaine clorded chem, and poured longing fop teem , end lohn Drake ditted at the 


Captaines ans they were all very well intreated, the purpoſing to ſend them fap tobe Drake tra 
Spaine, idee cep of Perubaneg — — ohn Drake wes cite 
ep 4 


* 


728 The Engliſh Voyages, Aruttier for the riuer of P late. 


ſent to him, but the other two were kept there. be cauſe they were married in the counitep, fo that 
A know no moye ok their affaires. 

Upon this comming of the Engliſhmen, there were prepared 0 hoꝛſemen to goe ouer the ri⸗ 
uer to ſeeke the reſt of the Englubmen, and alfe certame Spaniards that were among the ſauage 
people, but A am not certaine, whether they went lo ward oz nat. 


Aruttier which declareth the ſituation of the coaſt of Braſil from 
the Iſle of Santa Catelina vnto the mouth of the riuer of Plata, and all alon 
vp within the ſayd fuer, and what armes and mouthes it hath to enter into it, as farre 
as it is nauigable y.ith finall barks, 


Che Fhe of Rom che Alle ol Sanca Cacclina, (whichis in 28 degrees of Southerly lati: ude) 
ray ee a vnto Rio Grande is foptic leagues, This riuer by another name is called Y gai, 
The Iſland of Santa Catelins is fire — in length: it bath two fmall J. 
lands on the Hoth lide betwetne the maine lant and it : and on the Mouth five 
it hath a ſtoald of rockes, which lyeth hidden very neere vnto the begat of the 
7 Alle. Mou are to paſlſe betweene the ſume land and the poynt ol the J 
dure. From Santa Catelina tathe bauen of Biaga, which hy another name is called la Laguna, itt 
ere tuelue leagues : it is a goon hauen within: but you mut ap the full fea to enter into it, bes 
cauſe it bath ſhoaldes in the mouth, and it may be kno wen by a ſmall Alland which lyeth a league 
IMladerepato, into the fea which is called La Iſla de Reparo, that is, Che Alland of ſuctour oꝭ defence and pou 
mutt ride there to fearch the chanel, 
1 e vnto the = ae named 1—— 4 22 — a — alates it — 
Rio Grande d Rio Grande hath many ſhoalos in the mouth of, It is a riuet that none but mall 
ſbippes can enter into. And this riuer diuideth che countrey of the people called Carios ftomo 
ther nations which are called Guauses. And from this riuer vnto the entrance of the mouth ol 
att ta bee fam Se Done ball po cue eereaine Memos ty s ind iragues fom 
lands 12, > 
l g ai the mouthof che riuer of Plate. 
mouth oline f rom Rio Grande vnto theſe Iſlands ave 68 leagues, And from theſe Allands vnto the Cape 
po apt of Sains Marie the coal runneth Peptheat und Douthwiſt, ſomewhat inclining a popu to the 
number. South. Che Illands are thpee, and may be knowen as you come from che fea by eo poynts, 
which ew like the eares of a conie: you may ride beiweene them and the maine. 
EhrEapeot From Rio Grandeto the Cape of Saint Marie ate 80 leagues: and the Cape map be known 
An Auna by one Filan which lyeth krom it a league and an halle into the (ca, Dou map ſaple betweene 
Rome kat the maine and that J lland, becauſe there is aboue 8 02.9 fathoms water. Che Cape of Saint Ma- 
Marie. Sy ſtandethin 3 5 degrees ol Southerly latitude. 
Inn de lde. . The Cape el Santa Maris vpon che doynttbertol hath a little hill which Ranverh ouer aguinũt 
Cb war to che Alle ol Scales. From this coaſt of di nta Maria you mutt coat along the land al may on che 
eneer ntotbe Mofth thope,) and along the fame are cer taine Bapes, Fromehe Cape vuto the river of Solis 
RiodeSolis ro att teune leaguts, the coat runneth Ca and Ciel. There ſlandeth an Alland ouer againt the 
wie wipe mouth thereof, #rom this viuct of Solis nto Los tres Mogotes wich are on the maine land is 
LostresMogo- ihne leagues, And from Los Mogotes vnto the Illes of Saint Grauiel art other 8 03 9 leagues 
— u elende aeretoewein ttn en hene en bn alia league eine pono 
8 leagues. e neere the maine within an harquebuze a vou c 
2 4 een T Landing on the fai land, and thert is an 
4 U 0 
nodes. lun Ftom Saint Grauiel onto the tiuer of Sant luan going along the fame coat , I ſup on the 
ze, “ Pronth ſho ze. are ihre league: it is very well knoten by che broken cliffe which it bath, whicb is 
a white bill, Che entrance into this tiuer is very dangerous; becauſe it is ſhallow, and none but 
very (mail (hippes can enter into the fame : the entrante thereofis on the i Neſt tive verp neert 
be Adra the Land, gxt at Catac hes may ride wit bin the harbour, From ibis riuer vnto the Alle of Mar- 
made tin Garcia are ther leagues: it is one Alland alone, endyou mutt Caple along the coaſt on the 
ve, Nozth (Hoge : and after pou be come vnto the Band, A (ep, ouer againſt che Came, pou Chall haue 


to 
thease Fashamma mare anh a che ofS Gime de hash g Visela rk: dase N wine 


SYEr S MSY LSUST S sy Vs SGT GE US WS GRIGG iii BESS RE err FSP SISts 


. Goes te Seah eh eft ur fern gue 
en aint Grau i 2 t and the cut ouer 
1 faucet DE vpon bis arriucii tte 1 


on the South (hore of che riuer, hee mull ſeeke a chanell of ehpce 


water, 


— — 


A ruttie 


water, and tr 
onto che firme 
feet this bꝛok. 
the fit Color 
becaule it isn 
of the flood. 
From the! 
Saint Lazarus 
the maine, fo? 
barkes, and wi 
From the J 
on this five to ſ 
had need ſirſt ta 
full ſea, And il 
right hand, J 
Wied, you ma 
to any of the mi 
And hee that 
the bef of all th 
and comming o 
couer the mout! 
the South five 
which are 5, ar 
ofthe water we 
mutt paſſe all ale 
Aavif perad 
voniiver it, that i 
the maine, vnleſ 
Buenos Acres. 
Palmas: all the t 
Cate thole which 


15 15 
of ali 
led Rio de ce 
— 
into the riuer Pa: 
likewife ſixteene 
de los Beguaes 
mouth of the riue 
along the clilfen. 
manp Illes, lake 
From Santo! 


— — 


A ruttier for the riuer of Plate. and Diſcoueries. 


water, and ſtraite he muſt got along the coat vnt ill hee come to a broken cliffe and a popnt like 
vnto che lirme land, which is biſtant from this chanell thee op foure leagues; and when thou 
fee this Loken cliffe, ket pe the a league ſtum it. Pere vpon this river ol Buenos Acres was 
the lirſt Colonie that Don Pedro de Mendoga planted. This riucr lieth ve ry much hidden: Syne Spa 
becaule it is not Ceene, it is verp (hallow at atom Cea, wherefore pou mutt come in with ihe fire cone plannes 
of the flood. inthe riner of 
# rom the Alle of Martin Gargia vnto certaine finall Banos which are called the Biles of Ehe dee 
Saint Lazarus is two leagues, theſe are (hoaios: and to goe thither you mutt goe hard aboozy % Lara, 
the maine, for there gocth che thanell: all this is to be palle on the North iboze, and with (mail 
barkes, and with good heede. 

From the Ille of Marcin Garcia to the mouthes of the riuer ate tigbt leagues in paſling along 
on this {ioe to feeke one ol the mouthes of the tinet Parana, a it is hereafter deſtribed. But you 
hav need fir ta harbour in a bay, which is in the very oz Barranca and pou muſt ſtay fop the 
full ſea. Quoif pou fall into the mouth of the river wits; is called Vrusy, you muſt leaue it on the No Vm. 
right hand, J Cay on the Nopth ſide. And foopchwith leauing the fain mcuth lo ward toward the 
Wed, you may enter into the fir mouth although it letme nartotu 07 rather you map enter in- Parana te the 
to any of the mouthes : fog all of them meete together in Parana, which is the maine riuer, n 

And hee that deliteth to got from the Alle of Martin Garciato the riuet of Palmas, which is Rio de las Pale 
the bed of all theſe armes, o moüthes to Ipeake mone properip,ts to ſhape his courte to the Meſt. m=. 
and comming outer to the other hoge,and ſapling along the coat Mopthnozthweſd hee (hall dif: 
touer the mouthok this riuer of Palmas: and hee muſt enter bard bp Los Iuncales, which tpe on 
the South ſide: and afterward within is very veepe founding, All theſe mouthes oF this rtuct 
which are 3, ate full of ſholds towards the Eaſtaboue the pace of two leagues, And tf ihe courte 
of the water were not wilt there, you tould not enter into them, as J haue already ſapd, and pow 
mutt paſſe all along with much becde and lozeſight. 

Aavif peraduenture pou baue paſled Cape Saint Marie and are tome ouer to Cape Blanco, 8 
toulider it, that it is ſo euen and ſmooth a lanv, that poucan ſcarcely diſterne it a league fram ot tbe month 
the maine, vnleſſe it be a very cleare day: and after this fore che coal lieth lum vnto the riuer de 1 
Buenos Acres, And from thence the coud lyeth fometwhat bigh vnto the entrance of the riuer de tow and een 
Palmas: all the coat runneth as A Cayo befoye, And all along this coat ate naughty people, which 2 
Cate chofe which they kill, and many Tygers. a a bpon the outh 

com the Alle ol Martin Gargia nta Sant Saluador is nine op tenne leagues, Chis is an 12 4 4. 
Alland which Randeth two leagues within the fir mouth: where Sebaſſian Cabota tooke pols an Ae 
fellion.' And this tountrep is very wellproplen by apeople called Carios; and you mut beware 24e oe 
of ali theſe people i fop they are pour deadly enemies. The mot Southerly mouth of Parana cals bon 
led Rio de Palmas is ſixteene leagues long. and it bath many turnings, and many palme 07 date 16. E eogues, 
trees growing neere it, whereupon it is called The riuer of palme trees sand foꝛthwith it entreth 
intothe riuet Parana, as (oone as the ſe ſirteene leagues are finiſhed. All the other armes tontaine 
linewile ſirteene leagues in length, Cauing one lmall oz narrowe arme, whichis called Theriuet 
de los B fn this concaineth loꝛtie leagues in length. From tbis you mutt enter by tbe 
— oft e riuer of Palmas vnto Santo Spitito, the wap is fittie leagues: pou are topalle Mill Sento Sphibe 90 
along theclüfen. As you enter on the left hand whichison the let thope vp this riuer ebere ace Asus om 
many Alles, lakes and (mall riuers, and many Indians which art pour enemies, N 

From Santo Spirito vnto a people whichare called Los Tenbuis is fifteene leagttes, C bis is * 
by the narrow arme whereby they paſſe into the river Parana : it is the mohe becaule it is the lon 17. d 
ger way. Fromthe Tenbuis by this narrow arme up maro vnto the Quiloacas , whichis ano · Bak — 

ther nation, are twentic leagues; and all up tbis riuer is great foze of people. é 
From tye Quiloacas,toaplace where the Spaniards nom haue builded a tone, are fifcecne — 
leagues, Fromthis tout vnto the people called Los Mequareras is twentie leagues, Here 2 tone 
aremenp ſbolds which continue thirtie leagues, All theſe thirtte leagues are ſunken landen: ao 
where are many Illes, flats, and nations, which are aur encmics, b The Mequars:s? 
From the Mequaretas unto the people called Mepenes are theſe thirtie leagues. And Fram pan ol 
hence begin the coats cf the firme land onto the — the riuer Parapuai;fauing that there The Mepenes 
pro U——H— — 5 since Ses 
tom the Mepenes unto the mouth ofthe river of i ave thietie leagues: it in a he riuer Fa 
chet cannot bemnutaten although ic bath manp armen and Alana unn enger. it bath a me 
two leagues beneath the mouth onthe Eat fine,co wit. an high lend where are 7 points, which we 
tall the 7 currents: ans immediatly aboue thele — is an Alland as rn. me 
pp? yiver 


730 The Englith Voyages, Nauigatior Sir Pancis Drake. 


Ee towne ot riucrouce againtt the popne afore fais Mandeth the me uth of Paraguai, Chis mouth is very plaine 


unge Peo 
ra 17Orlengues 
vp the rer of 


to be found . in ſecking whereof a man cannot be deteiued. ¶ rom this mouth che rut r of Parana 
is diuided. which ts a vety great river : ann tt gorth vnto the towne of Piquiri, which is an hun 


The e ef died aud (ewentic leagues: and it runneth all this {pace Month and South, and mn the way art 


A 08 
AK 60. 
feagnes from 
the mouth of 
Paraguai. 

200. leaques 
frown Ailumptt- 
on (nbiece ia 


tothe ce „ 
Marae, 


many flats and ſho alds ; and great Rope of people, which are u bad nation, altboug (hep Lee dint: 
ded. From the place where the le two riut ra are diuided, that is to fay, from the mouth of Para- 
guai ate lirtie leagues vnto the titie of Aflumption, C his is a good tiuer and better to .exe 
then all the rell of the rivers, v uch are in this countrey. And from this towne to Los Naraesdrt 
200. leagues, very well inhabited with people of Diners nations, which ſerue the Vpanpards. 


THE TWO FAMOVS VOYAGES HAPPILY 
perfourmed round about che world , by Sir Francis Drake , and NM. 
Thomas Candifh Eſquire, together with the reft of our Englith voyages intended 
for the South des, the kingdomes of Ch, Perw, the backe fide of Nena E pana the Matuces, 
the Philippinas, the mightit Empire of China, though not ſo happily perfourmed as the 
two former: Whereunto are annexed certaine rare obferuations touching the 
preſent ftace of China,and the kingdome of Coray, lately inuaded by 
Quabacondonothe laſt Monarch of the 66. 
ptincedomes of Japan. 


The famous voyage of Sir Francis Drake into the South fea , and 
therehence about the whole Globe of the earth , begun in the yeere of 
1577. 
He 1. vapof Mouember , in che peere of our Loyd 1577. H. Francis 
Drake, with a flette of ſuue (hips and barkes, and to the number of 16 


lars: Che mad ol our daomirallx i the Pelican, was cut auer boo 


me, and —— avid 
damages wee gane: uch, and hau ug recoueren thole barmes , and bought 
— — to qood fate, w the lecond time from Plimmouth, and let Caile the 13. 


be 25. day of the fame monetb we fell with the Cape Cantin , spon the coatt of Barbarie, 
anv coatting along, the 27,bap wwe found an Alland called Mogador, lying one mile dittant from 
betweene which J flan and the maine, we founn abi ry good and Cafe harbour fop ous 


the ep, ſbewing their flags 
nerall, hee (ent bis hips bote to the thepe,to know what they would: they being willing ta come 
abood our men — 7 — Hodes fo} a pledge, and brought two of cheits a. 
boond, our (hip, which bp fignes our Gentral, that che next day tbey would bring fome pꝛo⸗ 
anvbennes, aud (uch like : wderthpon our Oenerall bettowen mont 
them fome linnen cloth and ſhoo es, aat aiaueling, whichebep very topfullp receiued, an beper* 


teoferchaccime. 
peep osu on eee ee 
frtting ene Sur Seate one of eur men leaping over r nnfp i 
them, chep fet violent hands on a to his throte if hee han mane any vefidtance, 
nn 
o bunſe lle among ſuchmiſcreants. 

Dur punti berng finished, wee neparcen trum this put ihe 30. an lan bay of December, 


—— ee 


Sir Fran 


vs, and Leauing 


called Mayo, 
bio peere ly ma 
trep of Brafil 
would in na 
our General 
tuals, about t 


aracs are 
pards. 


ILV 
nd M. 
ended 
Maluco, 
as the 


he 


a, and 
yeere of 


p. Francis 
er ol 164. 
ng 


Sir Frances n Drake. - Traffiques ues and Dilcoueries. 

and coatting along the (hope, tore Dio bel erie, not Contrarp to our expectation, certaine Cancers 
which were Spanift Wh erm nn whom we gaue chaſe and tooke ehyec of cher. ond pocet ding 
further we met with 3. Catauc la anv e chem alfo, 

Che 15. day of January we arriued at Cape Blanco, where we found a thip riding at ancho), Samuarte, 
within the Cape an but two ſimple Mariners in her, which ſhip we tooke and caried her further 
into the harbaur, where we remained g. dayes, and in that {pace our Oene ral mueren,anv traps 

ned his me’: a land in warlike maner, to make them lit fo) all oc taſtons. 

In this place we tooke of the Fiſberme n ſuch nec ſlaries as wet wanted, and they toul ß 
vs, and leauing beere ont ol our lit le barkes called the He nedict, wet tooke with vs one of t! 
which they called Canters, being of the but den of 40. tu v thereabouts, 

All theſe things being finithen, wee departed this harbour the . ol Januarie, carpi g 
with vs one of the Poꝛtugall Cat aue is U ich was bound to the lands of Cape, Verde tog (alt, 
whereof good Rope is made in one of hole Alands. 


Che maſter op Pilot of chat Car aue l did avuertiſe our Generall chat vpon one of thoſe lands ue ‘Tile of 
callev Mayo, there was great ftope of ed Cabricos , which a few inhabitants there bwelling 


bio — ty} fuch of the kings Mhips as did there touch, beeing bound fo? his couns 
trey of Braſile oi elle where. cee fell wichthis land che 27. of Januaty, but the Inhabicants 
would in no cafe craffique wich vs, being thereof koꝛbioden by the kings Edict: pet che next dar 
dur Geuerall ſent to view the Alland, and the likelihoodes that might be — —u—ꝝ 
tuals, about three ſto ze and two men vnder the conduct and gouernment of Balter Winter and 
Maſter Doughtie , marching scott capes — this — (as bp the 
Portugall wee were infoymed) hauing trauailed to the mountaines the fj miles, and 
atriuing there ſome what before the day breake, we atteſted our ſelues to lee 8, which 
we found the inhabitants to be fen : but the — st ured, wet 
found to be moe frulefull then the other — a the valleys among the? 
Here we gaue our ſelues a litle refreſbhing as bp verp ripe and fweere grapes, bechthe fruit» wipe orn 
fulnete of the carth at that leaſon of the peere yeelded vs: anv that ſeaſon being with — 
of linter it may ſeeme ſcrange that chole — — — 


Equinoctiall, the 
twiſe in through their Jenith thet beabe, bp meenes —— baue two 
— e 


the lea, and the 
gy nr heepe a continuall 


we found bere a kind of fruit called Cocos. ubich becaute it ia noe tom / Che detertpti⸗ 


ment gn gale 
ge ceca dr dapsone 
age teeter big euerp ſeuerall fruite as a mans head: but batting taken 
eit the vttermoſt barke, eee eee e en 
Nr holde of q — 1 al 
forne a art. and ſome leffe: 1 — — 
ahinde of hard lubſtance and very white, no an itis goon eos — | eubia chet 
atertatne clears liquoz, which being duke, pou hall not ouely finde it very Delicate and 
wer oon or ar wh 
wee hab pt ——j——— — 2 


lam, und Caw great (toe of * Cabriros aliue, which were the inbabitants, that P * 21 g0r en. 


could doe — — — out as it were to moutu. a 
— Cab, . — —— nac ⸗ 


tount 
—L—8 . amet ro oa be byte age at a 
Nee —— 


t and ad it ĩcemetij, ich and icuittuli, and Bortugals, but ihe nun · 
—ñ̃— 
abtde — 


Being 


. lago but facte enough from tye banger of the inbabttants, who thor and biſcbur- Tbe Tae et 


o 
N 
— 


7 TheEnglith Voyages, &c. 5 ir Francis Drake. 


Being before this Alland, we eſpied two hips vnder faple, to the one of which wee gaue chafe, 
and in the end booꝛded her with a thip-boat without reiidance, which we found tobe ag-rnppise, 
A pitze, and and (he peelded vnto vs good ſtoze of wines which prise our General committed to the cuſtodie ot 
Voltugal pe Pater Doughtie, aud reteinmg the Pilot, ſent the ceſt away with his Binnelle, giuing them a 
iot tan. Butte ol wine and Come victuals, and their wearing clothes, and ſo they denarted. 
Che Ile ot The lame night wee came with the Alland called by the Boztugals, Il del fogo, that is, the 
Fogo, burning Bland: in the Noꝛthſide whereofis aconfunting fire, the matter is fapoe co be of Soule 
phure, but notwichſtanding it is like to bee a commodious Alland, vecauſe the Poztugals haue 
built, and doe inhabite there. f a 
Upon the South Hoe thereof lyeth amok pleaſant and ſweete Illand, the trees whereof are 
alwayes greene and faire to looke vpon, in reſpert whereof they call it ilha Braua, that is, the 
baue Alland. From the bankes thereol into the fea doe run in manp plates reaſonable Creames 
of freſh waters eaſie to be come by, but there was no t onuenient roade fog our ſhips: for ſuch was 
the depth, that no ground could bee had foꝛ anchozing, and it is repozted, chat ground was neuer 
found in that place, ſo that the tops of Fogo burne not ſo high in the apꝛe, vut ihe rootes ak Braus 
are quenched as low in the ſea. f 
Being departed from theſe Iſlands, we dꝛerr towards the line, where wee were becalmed the 
{pace of 3. weekes, but yet ſubiect to diuers great formes, terrible lightnings and much thunder: 
but with this miſerie we had the commoditie of great fore of fib, as Dolphins, Bonitos, and fly⸗ 
tug fithes whereof ſome fell into our thippes , wherehence they could not rife againe for want ul 
moiſture, fo; when their wings are dꝛie, they cannot flie. 
From the fice day of our departure from the Allands of Cape Verde, wee ſayled 54. Daves 
without fight of land, and rhe lirlt land tbat we fell with was the coaſt of Braſi, which we lawthe 
pill. lift of April in p beigbt of 33. degrees towards the pole Antarctike, aud being dilcxuered at ſeaby 
33. Begrete. the inhabitants of the counti ey, hey made vpon the coatt great fires fop a ſacrihe (as we learned) 
to the veuils, about which they vle coniurations, making heapes ol lande and other ceremonies, 
that when anp thip tall goe about to Lay vpon their toaſt, not anely ſands map be gathered toge· 
ther in ſboalds in euery plate, but alfo that ſtoꝛmes and tempels map arile, to the taſting atwayof 
(hips and men, whereok (as it is reported) there haue bene divers experiments, 
The ſeuenth dap in a mighrie great Tope both ol lighting, rayne and ihunder, wee lok the 
Car er which me called the Chriſtopher: but the eleuenth day alter, by our Generals great can 
in diſperſing bis (hips, we found ber againe, and the place where we met, our General called he 
Ede ce ot Cape of loy, where euerp ſhip tooke in ſome water. Meere we found a good temperature ann 
toy, fweste apre, a bety faire anv pleaſant countrep with an exceeding fruitfull.fople, where were 
great Tope of large and mightieDeere,but we came not to the fight of any people : but traueiling 
further into che countrey, we perceiued the footing of people in the clap-cround,(belwing: tbat they 
were mien or great Mature, Being returned to our Hips, we waped anchop, and tanne fometwbat 
further, and harboured our felues betweene a rocke and the maine, where by meanes ofthe roche 
chat brake rhe force of the fea, we rid verplale, and vpon this rocke we killed fog our pꝛouiſion ter⸗ 
taine ſea- wolues, commonlp called with vs Seales, 14501 , 0575 
Typeir entrace Fromhence we went our courſe to 3 6. degrees, and entred the great riuer of Plate, and ranne 
| mtotberuue into 54. and 53. favomes and a halte of freth water, where wee filled our water by the ships dor: 
a but our Generall ünding here no good yarborousgh,as he thought be ſbould, bare out againe to fen 
the 27,0f Apꝛil, and in bearing out we loft fight of our Flieboate wherein mater Doughric was, 
but we (apling along, found a fappe ano reaſonablegood Bay therein were many, andthe fane 
profitable Illands, one whereof had fo manp Seales, as would at the leak hane laden all our 
8 Allands are as it were laden with foiles which is wonderful to fee, 
6 ep of diuers ſoztes. It is a plate very plentiful of victuals, and bath in it un want of 
water. i i tit one nne 
Dur Sentrall after certaine dayes of bisabone in this plq being on hope in an Alland, she 
people of che countrey ſbe wer themſelues vnto him, leaping Nd vauncing, and entreD into tafe 
baue with bim, but they would not reteiue anp thing at any mans hands, but the fame nt bee 
taſt upon the ground. They are of cleane,comelp, and trong bodies, (wilt on foote, and ſeem: tu 
be very actiuer. th 5 
| gmap, Che eighteenth vay of Pay our Generall thought it ner dfull to haue a care offuch Vuips as 
; wert abtent, and cherefope indeusuting to fecke ihe Flieboate wherein maſter Doughtic tas, 
we eſpied her againe the uext day: aud whercascertaine of our (hips were fens to viſcouer the coat 
and to {earch an harbour, the Marygold ann the Canter being imploped in that buſtneſſe, 2 


Abundance of 
Seales. 


Sir Fi 
vnto vs a 
bare, und 
we Hew t. 
Here o 
potions 
lutrut her 
of the peo 
on, and for 
and ſome o 
ell in lengt 
ſeemed not 
appeare. 
dur Gener, 
once turni 
band off hie 
and the bar 
. Dauing 
vpon our ſe 
General ha 
Good hope 


bene hazard 
ticulars of t 
by the eniner 
on to MP. Do 
cave he had o 
tountrey did 
tauſe being 
ok our lawes 
ding to the q 
foe his deat! 
and our Gen 
sferecution | 
nie, wich pea) 
where he end 
pany, perſwe 
tation there 
Cemmunion 
ſoht, and ſe w 
The 17. 

oz freat ot Ma 
die ok adead u 
The 21.87 
ſhuttin ze vp. 
bs, lo that fon 


——ů— 
is Drake. 


ee gaue chaſe, 
eagornppise, 
the cuſtodie ot 
giuing them a 


zo, that is, the 
to be of Sul⸗ 
dtugals haue 


8 whereof are 
„that is, the 
able freames 
: forfuch was 
mo was neuer 
otes of Braus, 


betalmed che 
mich thunder: 
onitos, and fly⸗ 
ne for want of 


led 54. depes 
ch we Law the 
uered at ſea by 
s we learned) 
r ceremonies. 
rachcred toge 
ing away of 


, wee loſt the 


Illand, she 
red into traf 
mme muſt bee 
and ſeeme tu 


ch Soſps as 
ughtic as, 
uer the coalt 
nelle, came 

vnto 


dir Francis Drake. Traffiques and Difcoueries. 733 
vnto vs and gaue vs vnderſtanding of a fate harbour that they had founn, wherewithal our thips 
bate, und entred it, uhere we watered and made new pꝛouilion of victuals, as by Sealeg, whercol 
we ſlew to the number ak 200,02 300. in the ſpace ot an houre. ; 

Here our Generall.in the Admiral ri cloſe aboozothe F lie- boate, aud tooke out of her allche The ue. boat 
Tot. on of victuals and wha eis woa in her, and halling her to the Lande, {et fire to her, and lo bn. aus 
hurut her to ſaue the iron wozke: whiri be’ a doing there came downe of the countrey tertaine : 
of the people naked, lauing unip about thei ie the lkinne of lome beaſt with the furre oz Haire che people or 
on. and ſomething alfo wꝛeathe don their heaos: their faces were painted with diuers colours, be counttep, 
and ſome of them had on their heads the limilitude of bonnes, euery man his Low which was an 
ell in length. and a couple ot arrawes. They were verp agill people and quicke to delluer, and 
ſeemeꝛ not ta be ignoꝛant in the feates of warres, as by their order of rauging a few men, might 
appeare. Theſe people would not of a long time receiue any thing at our handes; pet at length 
our Generall being athoze, and they dauncing after their accuſtomed maner about him, and hee 
once turning his backe towards them, one leapt ſuddenly tu him, and tooke his cap with bis golde 
band uff his head, and ran a litle diſtance from him and ſhared it with his fellow, the cap to the one, 
and the band to theother. 1 , 

. Dauing viſpatched all our bulinette iu this place, wee departed and {et ſaple, and immediatly 
vpon our ſetting looꝛth we tof our Canter which was abfent thꝛet oz foure dayes: Lut when our N 
General bad her againe, he tooke out chenecellaries » and fo gaue her ouer neere ty the Cape of The cave of 
Good hope. PG ray e Sed DOW 

. The next dap after being the twentieth of June, wee barboured our ſelues againe in a Very aune. 
good harbozougb, called bp Magellan Port 8. Iulian, where we found a gibbet ſtanding vpon the Pont 8. al. 
maine, which we ſuppoled to be the place where Magellan did execution pon fome of his diſobe· 
dient and rebelliaus companp, a ee 

The two and twentieth day our Generall went athore to the maine, and in his companie, Iohn 
Thomas, and Robert Winterhie, Oliuer the Patter gunner, John Brewer, Thomas Hood, 
and Thomas Drake, aud entring on land, they pꝛeſentiy met with two ox thꝛee of the countrey 
people, and Robert Winterhie hauing in his hands a bowe and arrowes, went about do make a 
ſhaote ot pleaſure, and in his dꝛaught bis botwftring bꝛake, which the rude Sauages taking as a 
token of warre, began to bend the force oftheir bowes againſt our conpany, and dzoue them to 
their ſhifts very narrowly, oa 1 6 4 5 

An this Pope our Generall began to enquire diligently of che actions of P. Thomas Dough» 
tie. und found them nat co he luch as he looked for, but tending rather de contention o2 mutinie, og 
ſome other dilozder, whereby ( without redgetic ) the ſucceſſe of the voyage might greatly haue 
bene hazarded: whereupon the company was called . gether and made acquainted with the pars 
ticulacs of the caule, which were fcund partly by maſter Doughties obne confeflion, and partly 
bytbe euidence of the fact, to be true: which when out General ſam, although his pꝛiuate affecti⸗ 
on to . Doughtie (as het then in the prefenceof vs all latredlp mioteſted) was great, pet the 
care he had of the tate of the vopage, of the erpectation of her Paieſtie, and ok the honour ol his 
countrep did moze touch him, (as indeede it ought) then the pꝛiuate reſpecto one man: ſo that the 
tauſe being thꝛoughly be ard, and all things done in good onder as nere as might be coche courſe 
ol our lames in England, it was tontluded that M. Doughtie ſboulv receiue punithment accoz⸗ 
bing to the qualitie of the offences andhe leeing no remenie bur patience for himſelle, veſired bes 
fore his death to receiue the Communion, which he did at the hands of oh. Fletcher out Miniſter, 
and our Generall himſelke accompanied him in that holp action: which being done, ann the place 
sferecution made ready, hee hauing embzaced our Generall and taken his leaue of allthe compa: 135 
nie. with pꝛayer foꝛ the Queenes maieſtie and our realme,in quiet Coxe laid his head to the blocke, $. Thomas: 
where he enden bis life. Chis being done pur Generall mave diuers ſpeaches tothe whole com: we 
pany, perl wading vs to vnitie, obedience loue, and regard ok our voyage; and faʒ the better confir: 
mation thereof, willed euerp man the nert Sunday following to Prepare biulelfe to receiue the 
Cemmunion, as Chzidtian bꝛethzen and friends ought to doe, which was done in very reuerent 
fopt,and ſe with good contentment euerp man weit about his buſineſle, 

The 17. day of Auguit we departed the pogtof S. lulian, ¢ the 20. day we fell wich the ſtreighe ssugue, 
op {reat of Magellan going into the South (ea, at the Cape op headland twhereof we found the bo⸗ Che Ureigbe 
dieak a dead man, whole fleſh was cleane conlumed. n 

. She ꝛr. dap we entred Tie Treight, which we found to houe many turningg, and as it were 
ſhuttin zs vp. as if there were no palſage at all, by meanes thereof we had the wind often againd 
vs, lo that lome ol the flecte recauering a Cape oz point of land, others ſhould he fozced to a 

aͤckt 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Sir Francis Drake. Sir Fra 


ne againe, and to tome to an anchop where they cor lo. gaue him diu 
bad this ttreigbt there be meny faire harbops, with (tore of freth water, but pet they lacks their which is calle 
Lett commoditie: faz the water is there ot (uch nepeh,chat no man thal find ground to anchoꝛ in, ex © Chen we 
cept ie bee in ſom⸗ naro wo river or conner of betweene Lome rocks, fo that il aux extreme blaſts o: ards and the 
contrary Vinds do cue (whereunto ehe place is much (ublect)it carieth with it no (mall danger. vs wich a du 
Che lan: on both fives is very huge ¢ mountainous, the lower mountains whereof, although were entred, 
they be monſtroun and wenterfullts locke pon for their height, pet there are others which in of the Spany 
height erceeve them in a i owl mt: L aboue their fellowes lo high, that of cheſe Sopa 
etweene them did appeare tate regions ot cloudes. but to be (hor 
0 Chee le are couered wih (now : at both the Soucherip and Caſterly partes of the i rately leapt . 
freight shere are Jllands, among which the lea hath his indꝛaught into the ſtreights, euen as it ning of our ar 


in che maine encranre of che kreat. : . They of t 
W harre is extreme told, with kroſt and {now continually ; the rreeg leeme to foope with Our . 
the burden ol the weather, and 55 are Lathes continually, and manp good and lweete herbes dot ing come toit 
verp plentilully grow and inerzale vnder them. a uer chalice, tu 

Che byedth of Zhe bnenebutt he ſtreight ia in ſome place a league in Come other places 2. leagues, and thice his miniſter. 
agiert. Leagues, ino in lome other 4. leagues, out rhe narowelk place hach aleagueouct, g Ille found 
e t Tbe 24. ot Auguſt we arrined at an Alland in she ltreighes, where we found great ſtoye of foule dar- Wood, all 
ion mihe which could not flie, ok the bignelle of geele, whereof we killed in leſſe chen one day 3000. and vic · wood: and fo 
beta. tznnalled our (clues thꝛougbly there with. : land, ſauing or 
Sipienber. The Sap of September we entrethe Bouth fea at the Cape oꝛ bead ſhoꝛe. to bꝛing him it 
Pie The leueuth day wee wert dyiuen by a great forme from the entring into the Bouth ſea tus LAthen we: 
hundzed leogues and odde in longitude; and one vegree tothe South ward of the Streight: in Chili, and 25 
which heiget, and fo many leagues to the Tlelt ward, the fifceenth Dap of September fell out dutats of Spe 
the Ecliple of the Moone at the houre of fire of the clocke at night: but neither did the Eeliptical Coquimbo, u 
conflict of the Moone impapꝛe our Mate, nop ber crearing againe amend vs a whit, but the accu · by the Spanit 
ſtomed Ecliple of the Sec continued in his force , wee being darkened moze chen the Moon fee witha piece, f 
uen fold, f f aine, and bur 
From the Bap ( which we talled Che Bay of ſeuering ol friends) wee were dziuen backe to far le and wou 
57. Degtns ‘the Southivaid ok the ſtreights ti 5 7. degtees and aterce + in which height we came to an anker From bene 
auda terer ot among the Jllands, bauing there krelh and very good water, with berhes ok fingular vertue, ot SOeaſiden Sy 
ande , farte kom hence we enteed another Bap, where weefoundpecple both men and women inet Aono dutatz; 
Borero? sitet) Candas naked and ranging kromone Alan eo another to lecke their meat, who entred trainee f Vaot karre: 
ath konnd with bs for ſutch things as they had. ‘ 1 bop dꝛiuing 8. 
the pace au atte returntber bee Porhwardagaine,founvthe z. of October tiger Illands, in one olwhick bis backe 185 
was buch plentie of bit ves as is (cant credible to report, i a boch the heep 
a0. winter fe The 8. dap of October we loft fight of one ol our Conſotzs wherein P. Winter was, who as here hence 
parateD and then we luppole was put bp atome into the kereigbts ageine. which at our returne beme wet {mall barkes 
return ‘found to be true, and he not periſbed, as ſome of our company feared. ; ing about 20 5 
C bus being come inte the height of The treights araine, we ran, ſuppoſing the coalt of Chili bat, In allthe 
Cus trending to lie as the generall Maps haue delctibed it, namely NRozthweſd, which wefoundto lie and trend one aland tot 
Sui waer to the Nontheaſt and Galtards, whereby it apeareth chat this part of Chili hath not bene truely cke d if dur co 
a Hitherto dilcouered, 07 at the leat not cruelp repoꝛted fop Che ſpace of 12. degrert at the leatt, bee chelpopleok th 
ing fe" do wne either of purpofe to decelue, or o ignoꝛant coniecture. way met with. 

Che Iſie ls Me continuing our courte, Fell the 29. ol Nouember with an Aland calied la Mocha, where =f ok taking Comte 
Mochain38. we caſt auchoz, ant dur General hopling out our boate, went with ten ol our company tothore, To Lima ty 
30. Mutes. where wee found people, whomthe cruell and extreme dealings of the Spaniards haut force twelue fapleot 
for their owne laletie and libertie to flee lromthe maine, and tofoytifie themlelues in this Alland. matters undme 
le being on land, the people came vowne to vs to the water five with thew ol great tourteſie, I thistime fearet 
bring ing.to vs potatoes, routes, and two verp fat fheepe, which our Generall receiued and gaue inone ok theme 
them other things fop them, and had pꝛemile to baue mater there: but the next day tenapaing ae thettineg his or 
gaine to the (hore, and lending two men aland with barrels ta fill water, che people taking tbem kwther thi ca 
for Spaniards (to of we vſe to hem no fauour if they take them) layde violent hands on laden with trea 

the m and as we thinke, lewthem. nthe hauen, 

Mar General ecing this, Maped here no longer, but wayed anchor, and fet (opletotwarns the at wi th 
coat of Chili, and dzawing towards it, we mette neere to the Hozean Indian in sCenca, whe neb there the w 
thinking vs to haue bene S panlards, came tu vs and tolde vs, that at a place called 8. lago, there the way met wit 
was a great sspanith Hip laden from the kingdome of Peꝛu: fog which good nemes mee ano foun tn her 


Drake. Sir Fee Drake. 8 Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


gaue him diuers trifles, wherof he was glad, and went al. g with vs and bꝛought vs to the place, 


lacké their which is called the port of Valparizo. 
choz in, ex · Ahen we came thither, we lound indeede the ſhip riding at anker, hauing in her eight Spani⸗ 
ie blaſtg oꝛ f ards and thie egros, who thinking vs to haue bene Spaniards and their friends, welcommed 
ll danger. f vs wich a dzumme, and made ready a Bottija of wine of Chili to dʒinke to vs: but as ſoone as we woine of Chili 
although were entred , one of our company called Thomas Moone began to lay about him, and ſtrooke one 
8 which in : of the Spanpards, and ſayd vnto bim, Abaxo Perro, that is in Engliſb, Goe downe dogge. One 
high, that of cheſe Spaniards ſeeing perfons ok that quality in thole ſeas, all to croſſed, and bleſſed himiſelke: 

5 but to be (hort, wee ſtowed them vnder hatches all laue one Spaniard, who ſuddenly and deſpe⸗ i 
rtes of the ratelp leapt ouer boo zd into the lea, aud Iwamme alhoꝛe to the towne ol 8, Iago, to gine them ware Tbe totune of 
euen ag it ning ob our arriuall. Igo taken. 


They of the towne being not aboue 9 houlbholds pꝛelently flev away: hendoned the towne. 


Toope with Dur Generall manned his boate, and the Spanith (hips boate, and went to the Towne, and be⸗ 
berbes dot ing come toit, we rifled it, and came to a ſmall chappell which wee entred, and found therein a lil⸗ 
uer chalice, two cruets, and cae altar cloth, the fpople whereof our Generall gaue to M. Fletcher 
, and three his miniſter. 
Te found alſo in this towne a warehoule dored with wine of Chili and manp boo zds of Cee Wine or chm 
geo foule dar- wood, all which wine we hought away with vs, and tertaine of the bors tu burne fo? fires 
do, and bie · wood: and fo being come abooꝛd wee departed the Hauen, having lirſt let all the Spaniards on 


land, ſauing one Iohn Griego a Greeke bozne, whom our General caried wichhim for his Bil e 


to bꝛing him into the hauen of Lima. 


uch ſea two CLihen we were at fea, our General riflev the ſhip, and found in her good tone of the wine of 
eights in Chili, and 2 5000. peʒoes of very pure and fine gold of Baldiuia, amounting in value to 3 7000. Gold of Bud 
ber fell out Ducats of Spaniſh money, and aboue. Do going on our courſe, wee arriued next at aplate called 
Ecliptital Co quimbo, where our Oenerallſent 14. of his men on landto fetch water: but they were eſpied Coquimboin 
it the accuus by the Spaniards, who came with z oo. hoꝛſemen and 200. footemen » and ſlewe one of our men 38 2 
Mone ſe⸗ witha piece, the ett came aboozd in lafetie, and the Sopaniaros departed: wee went on fhope as 
aine, and buried our man, and che Spaniards came downe againe with a flag of trute, but we let 
en backe to ler le and would not truſt them. pie 
to an anker Vom hence we went to a certaine port called Tarapaca, where being landed, we found bp the Tampa 
ertue, Hut Braſide a Spaniard lying alleepe, who had lying by bim 13. bartes of liluer; 
nen in their 4000. dutats Spaniſh; we cooke the ſiluer, and lelt che man. 
edtraffiaue Not karre from hence going on land for fret water, we met with a Spaniard and an Indian 
: bop dziuing 8,Llamas oꝛ ſheeye of Perutwhich are as big as alles; euery of which theepe had on 
ne of which his backe 2. bags of leather, each bagge conteining 50. li. weight of fine Gluer : 
both che ſheepe and their burthen ta the ſhips, we found in all the bags doo. weight of filuer, 
a6, who as here hence we Catlevtoaplace called Arica, and being entred the pore, we found theret 
home wee fmall bartes which we rilled, and found in one of them 57 wedges of fuer, each of them weigh⸗ O n. 
: ing about 20 pound weight, and euery of thele wenges were of the fachion and biznefleofa brick: 
aft of Chili bat, Gnallebete 3 .bathes we found not one perfon t fo2 they mittrudting no ttrang 
e nd trend one aland tothe Cotwne, which conſiſteth of about twentie houſes, which we would haue ran 
bene truele fackeo tour company had bene better and moꝛe in number. But our Generall contenter with 
peleatt, ber | che ſpopleokthe ſhips, left the Cowne and pnt off againe to fra and let ſayle fox Lima, and hy the 
way met witha mall barke, which he boozded, and found in her good ſtozeok linnen cloth, wheres 
ha, vbere oktaking ſome quantitie, he let her goe. ö nnen 
np to thoes To Lima we came the 13. day of Febzuarp, and being entred the hauen, we found there about Lims in rr. neg. 
baue force kwelur fapleot thips lping falt moore at an anker, bauing all their faples taritv on ſhope; forthe c mute. 
bis Alland. mafters'andmarchants were here mott lecure, hauing neuer bene alkuulten by enemies, and at 
r tourtelie. HF shistime fearen the approch ok rone Cuch as we were. Dur generall rilled thee thips, and found 
edand gane {rrone of then a chett full oftopais of plate anu good Sopeof fitkes and linen cloth; and tooke the 
epayalig ae check hn bis otone fhip, and good dope of the Mikes and innen. In tubich tip bee ap newer of 
fe another hip called the Caca ego which was gone towards Paita, and that the ſame ſhippe was 


laden with trealure: whereupon we faicd no longer bere, but cutting all the cables of the thippes 


warde the 1 inthe hauen, we let them dꝛiue whither they would, either to ſenoz to che ſhoze, and with all ſpeede 


Ine followed the Cacafuego toward Paita, thinking there to haue found her: but before mee arri⸗ 
enon, we ned there, ſhe was gon. dom thence towards Panama, whom our General till purſued, and by 
1280, the 4 The way met with a barue laden with ropes and cacklefor ips, which hee booꝛden and ſearched, 
e and found th her 80. li. weight of golde, anvacrucitire ol gold with goodly great E meraude ler : 


736 


Che rich hip 
called the Ca · 
esſuego taktu. 


Cape de San 
Franeiſeo in 1. 
degree to tye 
Morty. 


Chins Uke, and 
Potcellan. 


Guatuleo. 


sera 


lan 
She Iſland 
ol Cauno. 


n hiv with a 
gouernour fo} 
the Iſlands of 
Philippines, 


The Englith Voyages, &c. Sir Francis Drake. 


it which be tooke and lome of che copdage allo loꝛ his owne ſhip. 

Frombence we departed, Gill following the Cacafuego, and aut Senerall promifey our tom⸗ 
panp, that whoſoeuer could Girt deſctie her, Couto haue his chaine of gold for bis good newes. It 
fortunedthat lohn Drake going vp into the top, deſcrled her about thyce ol the clocke, and about 
fire of the clocke we came to her and booꝛde ! er, ann ſhotte at her three peeces ol opdinance, and 
ſtrake vowne her Milen, and being entered, we found in her great riches, as ie wels and pꝛeti⸗ 
ous ſtones, chirccene chetts full of ropals ot plate , foure fcopepound weight of golde, and fire and 
twentie tunne of liluer. Che place where we tooke this prize, was called Cape de San Francifco, 
about 150. leagues from Panama. 

Che Wilors name of his Sbippe was Franciſco, and amongſt other plate that our Gene · 
ral found inthis hig, be found two very kaire guilt bowles of filuer, which were the Pilots: to 
whom our Generall lapd: Senior Pilot, you haue here tno ſiluer tups, but J mul needes haue 
one ok them: which the Pilot becaule hee could not other wile chuſe, yeelded vnto, and gaue the os 
ther to the ſleward of our Generals ſhips. 5 

Chen this Pilot dtparted krom vs, his boy ſayde thus vuto dur General: Captaine, our Hip 
{hall be called no moze the Cacafuego, but the Cacaplata, and pour ſhippe thall bce calied the 
Cacafuego: which pzetie ſpeach of the Pilots bop miniſtred matter of laughter to vs, both then 
und long after, 

Then our Generall had done whet hee would wich this Cacafue go, hee talt her off, and wee 
went on cur courte ſtill towards the ECicd, and nat long after met with a ſhip laden with linnen 
cloth and line China · ditbes ol white earth and great ſloꝛe of China- filks, of all which things wee 


tooke as we liſted. 
The owner dimlelke ok this hip was in her, wbo was a Speniſh Sentleman, from whom our 


General tocke a Fawlcon ol golde: with a great Emeraud in the bꝛraſt thereok, and the Pilot of 
the hip betooke alſo with him, and lo calt che thip olf. 

This Pilot bꝛought vs tothe hauen of Guatulco, the towne whereol, as he told vs, had but 17. 
Spaniards in it. Alloone as we were entted this hauen, wee landed, and went pꝛeſently to the 
towne, and to the Cowne-houle, where we found a Fudge ſitting in tungement , being allociate 
with chꝛee other officers, vyon three Negros that had conſpired che burning of the Towne: both 
which Judges ¢ priloners we cooke, and brought them a ſbiphood, and cauſev the chiefe Judge 
to bite his letter tothe Cowne. to command all the Tomneſmen to auoid, that we mi bt fafelp 
water there. MAhich being done, and they departed, we ranfaked the CTowne, and in one boule we 
found a pot of the quantitie ot abuthell,Cull of reals of plate which we Loughe to our thip, 

And here one Thomas Moone one of our company , tooke a Spanich Gentleman as her was 
flying out of the towne, and learching him, he found a chaine ol golde about him, and other ictus 
els, which he tooke, and fo let him goe. . 

At this plate dur Sener al among other Spantarns, (ct aſboꝛe bis Poptugall ilove which hee 
tooke at the All ands of Cape Verde, out of a fhip of OS. Mary pope of Poztugall: and bauing let 
them athore, we departed hence, and lailed tothe Alland of Canno, where aut General landen, 
and bꝛought to ſhoze his otune ſhip, and vilcharged her mender, and grauen her, and kurniſhed ous 
(hip with water and wood lufficiently. 

And wolle wee were here, we eſpied a ſhippe, and (et laile after her, and tooke her and lound in 
her two Pilots, and a Bpaniſb Gouerncur, going fop the Fanos of che Philippinas: wee eae 
che the hip, and tooke lome of her marchanvizes , andfolet her goe, Dur General at this 
place and time, thinking bimlelke both in relpect of his pꝛiuate iniur ies receiued from the Opa⸗ 
niards, as allo ot their tontempts and indignities offered to our countrep and Princein 
ſufficiently Catiftien, and reuenged: and luppoling that her Maleſtie at bis return 
contented with this lerulce, purpoſen to concinuc no longer vpen the Spanith caaſts, but began 
to conlider and to conlult of the belt way fo2 his Countrey. 5 

He thought it not good to returne by che Streights, for two ſpectall caules: the one, le the 

chould there waite, and attend fo bim in great number anditrength, whole hands hee 
being lekt bat one ſhip, could not pollibly eſcape. Che other cauſe was the dangerous lituacion 
of the mouth of the freights in the South fea, where continuall ſtozmes reigning and bluſtt ring. 
as he found by experience, belives the ſboalvs and ſands vpon the coat. be thought it not a good 
courſe to aduenture that wap: he reſoluen therefore to auopde theſe hazards to goe koꝛward tothe 
ianvesof che Malucos, and thereheuce to laile the ccurſe of the Poztugals pp the Cape of 
Buena Efperanga, 
Ciponthisrefotution, hee beganne to thinke of bis belt way tothe Malucos, and finding 55 


Sir Fra, 


felfe where h. 
courſe, namel 
6d. leagues 
zul June. 
The 5. day 
chat our men 
the kurther wi 
time to ſeeket 
within 3 8. def 
good Baye, w 
In this ¥ 
waters five, ft 
When the 
rall(accozdin; 
p beſtowed or 
gods, and wou 
were feathers 
Their houl 
ctrele, clitts of 
by veafon of th 
Their beds 
the midſt. The 
enn the 
ut cheir hip 
Shele women 
Alter thep t 
them feathers. 
bottome wher 
Ket wearied hi 
ahd came dow 
Inthe mea 
ring their fem 
meane time ot 
at which ererc 
„Tbe newes 
xaund about ca 
WP perforiage,t 
battaoors to ou 
their (peach we 
rall to ſend for 
wherein ont G 
marched to vs 
they dꝛew neer 
In che fore- 
Ring, whereu 
length: theccot 
the thaines wer 
to weare them: 
to him which b. 
Conie ſkins, xc 
bis kace painted 
thing oranorher 
In the mean 
lare, making s 
in their oꝛder, a 
he that bare the 
office, with an 


Drake. 


our com⸗ 
clues, It 
and about 
ance, and 
and pꝛeti⸗ 
po fire and 
Francifco, 


dur Benes 
Pilots: to 
edes haue 
aue the os 


re, our (ip 
called the 
) both then 


f, and wee 
viih linnen 
hings wee 


whom our 
he Pilot of 


ad but 17. 
ntly to the 


not a good 
ward tothe 
e Cape ot 


ding bim⸗ 
a Pale 


Sir Francis Drake. Traffiques,and Difcoueries. 


felfe where he now was becalmed, he ſaw that of necelſitie hee mut be forced to take a Spanish 
courſe, namely to ſaple ſome what Noꝛtherly to get a winde. Cee therefore ſet laile, and Inyled 
„ e at the le alt lo; a good winde, and thus much we ſailed from the 16,08 apzil, till ihe 
ak June. iy, 
be 5. day of June, being in 43. degrees toward the pole Arctike, we found the ayre lo colde, Immer a 
chat our men being grieuoully pinched withthe lame, complainedof the exrremitie thereof, and Pale ld n 
the further we went. the moze the colde increafeo vpon vs. MAhereupon we thought it belt for that n, 
time to lende the land, and dip lo, fiuving tt not mountain aus, but low plaine land, till wee came brargta os 
within z 8. degrees towards the line. In which height it pleated God to lend vs into a faire and fhowberip tas 
good Bape, with a good winde to enter che fame, . 38. Degries · 
An this Baye wee anchored, and the people of he Countrey hating their houles clofe by the in detcripetan 
waters five, ſbewed tyemſelues vnto vs, and lent a pꝛelent to our General. ant S nunc 
Mhen they came vnto vs, they greatiy wondzen at the things that wee bꝛought, but our Genes or Noua Ab 
rall( accoꝛding to his naturall and accuũomed humanitie) courteouſly intreated them, and liberal ⸗ 
y beſtowed on them necellary things to couer their nakedneſſe, whereupon they luppoled vs to be 
gods, and would not be perſwaded te the contrarp: the pꝛelents which they ſent to our General, 
were feathers, and calles ok net- wozke. 
Their houles are digged round about with earth, and haue from the vttermolt bꝛimmes of the 
ctecle, clikts of wood let vpon them, lopning cidle together at the toppe like a {pice Beeple, which 
by reaſon of chat clofencile are very warme. i f 
Their beds is the ground with ruthes ſtrowed on it, and lping about the houle, haue the lire in 
the midſt, The men go naked, the women take bulruches, and kembe them alter the manner ol 
oon thereof make their looſe gar ments, which being knit about thelr miodles, hang dolun 
out cheir hippes, hauing alſo about their Houlvers afkinne of Deere, with the haire vpon it. 
Shele women are verp obedient and ſeruicrable to their hulbands. 5 
Alter they were departed from vs, they came and bilited vs the fecond time, and nought with 
them keuthers and bags of Tabacco fo2 pieſents: And when they came to the top of the bill (at the 
bottome whereof we hav pitchen our tenes) they Rated themlelues: where one appointed koz {peas i 
Ket wearied himfelfe with making a long opation, which done rhey let their Lowes vyon the bill, u cong opattsed 
ann came downe with their pꝛeſents. ; 
Inthe meane time the women remaining onthe hill, tormented themſelues lamentably; va · 
ring their fet) from their cheekes, whereby we perteiurd that they were about afactifice, Ju. e 
meane time our General with bis company went to prayer, and to reading of the Scriptures, 
ar which etercilethep were attentiue, ¢ ſeemed greatly tobe affected with it but when they were 
tome Unto vs. they reſtoꝛed againe vnto Ys thole things which before we beſtowed vpon them. 
The newes of our being there being (pread through che Countrep, the people that inhabiten 
round about came downe and among dt tbemthe Ring bimſelke, a man of a gbodlp ſtature, comes 
perſouage, with manp other tall and warlike men: before wbole comming were Cent two Ame 
Hallado7s to our Generall, to ſigniſie that their Ring was comming, in doing of which meſlage, 
their (peach was continued about halle an houre. Chis ended, they bp lignes renuelled our Genes 
tall to ſend ſome thing by their hand to their king, as a token that his comming might be in peace: 
wherein out Generall hauing Catifhien them, they returned wl. c Jap tidings tu their Ring, who 
marched to vs with a princely maieſtie, the people ite tontinually atter their manner, and as 
they dꝛew neere vnto bs, ſo did they ſtriue to behaue theme lues in their actions with comelinelle, 
An the foxe-Feone was a man of a goodly perfonage, who bare the ſeepter oz mace before the 
Ring, whereupon hangen two crownes, a leſle and a bigger, with thꝛee chaines of atttarucilous 
length: the crownes were made of knit woke mnought artificially with fethers of diuers colours: 
che thiaines wert made of a bonie lubſtante, and few be the pecfons among ehersehat ate admitted epaines tine 
to weare them: and of that number allo the perlons ate ſiinted, as ſome ten, ſome 12. fc. Next vn: wle or 
to him which bare the lcepter. was the King himſelle, wich his Guard about bis perlon, clad with 
Conie ſbins, x other (kins: after them followed the naked tõmon fort of people, euerp one hauing 
bis kate pa nted, ſome with white Come with blacke,au other colours hauing in their hands one 
thing oꝛ another for a pꝛeſent, not ſa much astheir childzen, but they allo bꝛouight their pꝛeſents. 
An the meane time our Generall gathered his men together, and marched within his fenced 
place, making sgainſt their aupꝛoching; aberp warke· kae chew. They being trooper together 
intheir oder, and a generall lalut ation being made, there was pꝛelently a generall lence, Then 
hethat bare the (cepter before the Ring, being informed by another, whom they allignev to that 
office, with a manlp and loktie vopce pꝛoclaymed that Which the other ſpake to him in fecrete, 
8 Qa¢ continuing 


737 


~ PheEnglith Voyages,&c. Sir Francis Drake, 
continuing halfe an houre: which ended, and a generall Amen as it were giuen, the Ring withthe 
whole number of men and women (the childzen excepted) came downe without any weapon, who 
deſtending to the foote of the hill, ſet themle lues in order, 

In comming towards our bulwarkes and tents,the feeprer-bearer began a ſong, obleruing his 
mealures in a daunce, and that with a ſtately countenance; whom the Ring with his Guarde, and 
tuery degree of perſons following , did in like maner ling and daunce, ſauing onely the women, 
which daunced d kept Mence, The General permitted them to enter within our bulwarke, where 
they continued their fong and daunte a reaſonable time. Alben they had ſatiſlled themlelues they 
made fignes to our General to lit dowue, to whom ihe King, and diuers others made leuerall oꝛa⸗ 
tions, o rather ſupplications, that hee would take their ppouince and kingvome into his hand, and 
become their King, making ſignes that they would reſigne vnto him their right and title of the 

f whole land, and become bis ſubiects. In which, to perſwade vs the better, the King and the rel, 

The Ring re⸗ with one confent, and with great reuerence, ioplully ſinging a ſong, did ſet the crowne vpon his 

Panes 18 Lead, inriched his necke with all their thaines, and olfred unto him many other things, honouring 

hingoome ro him bp the name of Hioh, adding thereunto as it ſeemed, a ligne of triumph: whichthing our Ges 

a. nevall hought not meete to reiect, becauſe he knew not what honour and protic it might be to cur 

Countecy, Ciherefore in the name, and to che le of her Paieſtie he tooke the ſcepter, crowne, 
and dignitie ot the ſald Countrey into his hands, withing that the riches x treaſure thereof might 
fo conuenient ly be tranſpoʒtev to the inriching of her kingdom at home, as it aboundeth in p lame. 

The common ſoꝛte of people leauing the King and his Guarde with our Generall, ſcattered 
themſelues together with their facrifices among our people, taking a diligent viewe of eucry 
perfons and luch as pleaſed their fancie, ( Ibich were che pongeſt) chep incloling them about of: 
kred their lacrifices vnto them with lamentable weeping, (cratching, and tearing the fleſh from 
their faces with their nailes, wher⸗ ol ilſued abun dance of blood. But wee vled lignes to themol 
dillcking this, and ſtayed their hands from force, and directed them vpwards to che lining God, 

Ehe lite they whom onelp they ought to wozſhip. They ſhe wed onto vs their wounds, and craued helpe of them 

ban che. ag gur hands, whereupon we gaue them lotions, plaiſters, and oyntments agreeing to the ſlate of 

el their qricfes, befeeching God to cure their dileaſes. Cuerpchird day they brought their facritte 
ces vnto vs, vntill they vnderſtood our meaning, that we had no pleaſure in them: pet they could 
not be long abfent from vs, but dayly frequented our company to the boure of our departure, 
which departure ſeemed fo greeuous vnto them, that their top was turned into ſoꝛow. They me 
Na being ablent we would remember them, and bp Mealeh pꝛouived alacrifice, which 
we mi i ed. x ; 

Dur netellarie bulineſſe being ended, our Generall with his companp crauailen vp into the 

Grearbades Countrep to their villages, where we found herdes ol Deere by 1000. in a company, being moll 

or tete. futge, and fat of body. ; 

Mbnndance at. Ile found the whole Counteey to bee a warren of a ſtrange kinde of Connies, their bodies in 

Arangecours. higneſle as be the Barbary Connics,their heads as the heads of ours, the fete of a Mant, and the 
taile of a Rat being al great length: vnder her chinne is on either five a bag, into the which he nas 
thereth her mente, when the path filled her bellie abꝛoad. The people cate their bodies and male 
great accompt of their ſkinnes.foʒ their Rings coate was made of them. 

Neus Albion · Dur Generall called this Countrey Noua Albion, and that th two cauſes: the one in reſpett 
ofthe white bankes and cliffes, which lie towards the ſea : and the other, betaule it might haue 
ſome affinitie with our Countrep in name, which ſometime was fo called. 

Wolde and tie There is no part of earth heere to bee taken vp, wherein there is not forne probable ſhew of 

oi dend let, gold oflüluer. 

At our departure hence our General (et op a monument of our being there, as alſo of her Bae 
ieſties right and title to the ſame, namely a plate, nailen vpon a faire great poſte, whereupon was 
ingrauen her Maiellies name, the day and heere of our arriuall there, with the free giuing vp ol 
the pꝛouince and people into her Maieſties hands, together with her highneſſe picture and armes, 
in a proce of fire pence of current Engliſh money vndet the plate, whereunder was alfo wzitten 
the name ol our General, 

Their dear ⸗ It ſeemeth that the Spaniards hitherto had neuer bene in this part ok che Countrey, neither 

d did euer dilcouer the land by many degrees, to the Douthwerds ofthis place, 

Serke. ge Akte we had ſet alle Eom hence, wee continued without ſigbtokland till the 13. dy ot Otto · 

taupe 8. bee her following, which dap in the monning wee fell with certaine Iſlands 8. degrees to the Morte 

range ga- ward of the line, from which Illands came a grtat mumber of Canoas, hauing in ſome of ihem . 
olan. tbat in ſome 6. and in ſome allo 14. men, bringing witz them coc ys, and other Eruites, Their age 


Hir Fran 


were hollow! 
and bearing a 
fort, peelding 
bpaueric,and 
op leſle, at coꝛd 
This peop 
lowe vpon the 
hand g are an p 
ok an herbe wi 
purpoſe. 
Leauing th 
others, ſome u 
Mee conti 
the Woptugals 
The + 4,0f, 
ted our courſe 
King of Terns 
all feare, and ce 
runne in with 
comming, and 
that night be u 
that as he was 
he came to Ter 
as his enemie: 
carly we came 
tloke foz a pref 
fique and excha 
Inthe mea 
vnto him what 
ued with great 
haue what thin 
would peeld bi 
Famous a zin 
fone time after 
berter and {afer 
In the mean 
noble perfonam 
kriendly and gr 
The Ring p 
whereof werec 
of Calicut, hat 
thinne perfeemet 
one vid fit in hie 
ol whom beeing 
Aſo diuers pong 
which food in c 
galleries, whicl 
foure parves, on 
number dt 4,{co 
Theſe Cano 
ſwoꝛd and targt 
arrowes: alſo e 
fet vpꝛighe. 
Thus comme 
bp, did their hom 
fatherly tounten 
Osone after: 
bid their obeiſan 


— — 
Drake 

ig withthe 
apon, Who 


Ceruing his 
uarbe, and 
he women, 
ithe, where 
ſclues, they 
werall oꝛa⸗ 
B hand, and 
title of the 
nd che reff, 
ne vpon his 
honouring 
ng our Ge⸗ 
bt be to dur 
r, crowne, 
teof might 
bin § fame, 
ſcattered 
e of euery 
m about of: 
e fleth from 
sto themof 
ining Geo, 
{pe of thers 
the fate ol 
deir facrifte 
t they could 
departure, 
, They ms 
fice, which 


vp into the 
being moll 


ir bodies in 
ant, and the 
hich ſbe ga⸗ 
B,andinake 


e in teſpett 
might haur 


ble ſhew of 


of her Ma⸗ 
eupon was 
suing vp ok 
and atmes, 
Ifo witten 


ey , neither 


avofDetoe 
the Nozth⸗ 
bof ihem 4, 
eir Canoas 

wers 


Sir Francis Drake. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 739 


were hollow within, and cut with great arte and cunning, being very ſmooth within and without, 
and bearing a glaſſe as ił it were a hoꝛne vaintily burniſhed, hauing a pꝛowe, and a ſterue of one 
fort, peelding in ward tirrle· wiſe, being ok a great height, and luſl of certaine white ſhels for a 
bꝛauerie, and on each five of them lie out two preces of timber about a pard and a halle long, moze 
oplefle ac coꝛding to the ſmalneſſe, oz bigneſſe of the boate, 

This people haue che nether part of their eares tut into a round circle, hanging downe very 
lowe bpon their cheekes, whercon they hang things of a reafonable weight. The nailes of their 
Hands are an ynche long, their teeth are as blacke as pitch, and they rene w them often, by eating 
ol an herbe with a kinde olyowder, which they alwapes carcie about them in a cane fo) the lame 

urpoſe. 

? Leauing this Alland che night after we fell with it, the 18. ol October, we lighten vpon divers Ilands. 
others, ſome whetcof made a great ſhew of Inhabit ants. 

Mee continued our ccurle by che Wlands of Tagulads, Zelon, and Zewarra, being friends to 
the Noztugals the Ar whereol bath grawing in it great ore of Cinnamom. 

Tbe 14. of Mꝛuember we fell with the Illands ol Maluco, which day at nigbt ( hauing dire ⸗ Mouember. 

ted our courſe to runne with Tydoꝛe) in toaſting along the Illand of Mutyr, belonging to the 

King of Ternate, his Deputie o; Aice· king ſeeing vs at lea, came with his Canoa to vs without 

all feare and came abcozd,and akter Comte conference with our Senerall, wille him in any wifeto 

runne in wich Ternate, and not with Tydore, alluring him that the King woulo bee glad of his Che Jute ot 
comming, and wouio be ready to doe what he would requtre, fo Which purpoſe he himlelke would Tena 
that night be with the King, and tell him the newes, with wham ik he once dealt, hee ſhould finde 

that as he was a Ring, ſo his woꝛd Mould ſtand: adding further, that if he went to Tydore befoze 

he came to Ternate, the King would haue nothing to doe with vs, beraule hee held the Boztugall 

as his enemies whercuyon our General reſolued to runne with Ternare, where ihe next mozning 

carly we came toanchop, at which time our Ornerall Cent a mellenger to the king wich aveluct 

tloke oz a pꝛeſent, and token of bis comming co bein peace, and that he required nothing but crate 

fique and erthange of marchandize, whereok he bab good ſloze, in luch things as he wanted. 

Inthe meane time the Uice- wing bad bene with the Ring accoz ding to bis pꝛomiſe, ſignikping 
vnto him what good things he might recetue from vs by trafkique: whereby the Ring was mons 
wed with great liking towards vs, and {ent to our Generall with ſperiall meſſage, that bee Houle 
haue what things he needed, and would require with peace and friendſhip, and mozeouer that hee 
would peeld himfelle, and the right of his Alland ta bee at the pleaſure and commandement oklo che amg or 
kamous a Pince as we ſerued. In taken whereof be fent to our General alignet, and within ee 
ſboꝛt time after tame in bis awne perfon, with boates, and Canoas to our (hip, to bing her into a die kingvome 
better and laler roave then the was in at that pꝛeſent. Ae 

An the meane time, our Generals meflenger beeing tome to the Court, was met by certaine of Rogiad, 
noble perſonages with great ſolemnitte, and brought to the Ring, at whole hands hee was mot 
kriendip ant gratioullp tntertainen, 

The Ring purpoling to come to our hip, ſent before 4. great andlarge Canoas, in euery one Te geeat and 
whereok werecertaine debisgrectelk tates that were about him, attired in white iawne of cath aride Ag 
of Calicut, hauing ouer their heans from the one ende of the Canoa to the other, a touering ok Of Tem. 
thiune perfumed mats, boꝛne vp with a frame made ok re / des foꝛ the lame vle, vnder which euerp 
one vid fit in his oꝛder accoꝛving to his vignitie, to keepe him fromthe heate ofthe Sunne, diuers 
of whom beeing of good age and grauitie, did make an ancient and facherly thew, There were 
lo diuers pong and comely men attired in white, as were the others: the reſt were louldiers, 
which ſtood in comely oꝛver round about on both fives, without whom (ate the rowers in certaine 
galleries, which being thꝛee on a ſide all along the Canons, did lie off from the five thereof thꝛeeoʒ 
foure pardes one being oꝛderiy builded lower then another, in euerx of which galleries were the 
number dt 4 ſcoze rowers. 

Thele Canons were kurniſhed with warlike mum ition, euery man kor the mott part hauing his 
ſwozd and target, with bis dagger, belide other weapons, as launces, caliuers, darts, howes and 
3 r allo euery Cauoa had a ſmall caſt bale mounted at the leaſt one full parde vpon a ſtocke 

et vpꝛighe. 

Thus comming neere aur hippe, in oꝛder they romen about ds, oue after another, and palling 
bp, did their homage wich great lolemnitie. the great perſonages beginning 1 great grauitie and 
fatherly tountenances. ſignifping that p king had ſent them to condutt our chip into a bettet roade. che Ng 

Ooone alter the King himſelke repaired, accompanten with 6. graue and ancient perſons, who 0 Dg 
bid theit obeiſance wich marueilous humilitie. The king was a manof tall ſtature, ann ſeemed to Funds Diskey 


277 be 


740 


Sagu akindeof 
nieals, 


A calle in Ter. 
nate, 


Monanes and 
Turks ligiers 
in Ternate, 
The matic 
of the Ring. 


Ternate the 
chtefet of the 
Maluco-ifles, 


0 lttle Iſland 
tothe Souths 
ward ot Ce. 
lebes. 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Sir Francis Drake, 


ve muth delighted with the ſound of our mulicke, to whom as alſo to his nobilitie, our General 
gaue prefents, where wich they were paſſing well contented, 


At length the King eraued leaue ol our Generall to depart, promrifing the next dap to come a 
boo d, and in the meane time to lend vs luch victuals, as were neceſlarie for our prowifion: fo that 
the lame night we receined of them meale, which they tall Sagu, made of the tops of certaine 
trees, tating in the mouth like ſowze curds, but melteth like lugar, whereof they make certaine 
takes, which may be kept the (pace often peeres,and pet then good to be eaten. Me had ol them 
flore ol rice, hennes, vnperkect and liquid ſugar, Sugar canes, and a fruite which they call Figo, 
With More of cloues. 

The Ring having pꝛomiſen to come aboond, brake his promife, but fent bis brother to make 
his excule, and to intreate our General to tome on ſhoare, offring himſelfe pawne abo fo2 bis 
Cafe returne, CCibereunto our Generall conſented not, vpon millike conceiued of the byeach of his 
promite che whole company allo vtterlp refuting it. But to latilie him, our General {ent certaine 
of his Gentlemen to the Court, to accompany the Kings brother, re ſeruing the Uice· king foz 
their lake teturne. They were rereiurd ol another brother of the kings and other ſtates, and were 
conducted with great honour to the Cattle, The plate that they were brought buco, was a large 
and fatre houle, where were at the leaſt 1000. perſons aſlembled. 

The Ring being pet ablent, there late in their places 60. graue perſonages, all which were 
ſaid to be o the kings Counſel. There were belides 4. graue perſons, opparellev all in red, downe 
to the ground, and attired on their heads like the Turkes, and thele were laid tobe Romanes and 
Ligiers there to keepe continual traffike with che people of Ternate. There were alſo 2. Turks 
Ligiers in this place, and one Italian. T be king at laſt came in guarded with 12. launceg couered 
over wilha rich canopy, with embolled gold. Dur men accompanied with one ok their Captaines 
called Moro, rifting to meete hun, he gracioully vid welcome, and intertaine them. He was attired 
alter the maner of the Countrep, but moze ſumptuoullp then the reſt. From his walle downe to 
the ground, was all cloth of golde, and the lame very rich: bis legges were bare, but on his leete 
were apaire of Hhooes, made of Cordouanſkinne. Inthe attire of bis head were finely weather 
hooped rings ol gold, and about his necke he had a chaine of perfect golde, the linkes whereof were 
great, and one kolde double. On his fingers hee had lixe very Faire iewels, and ſitting in bis chaire 
of ettate,at his right hand ſtood a page with a kanne in his hand, bzeathing and gathering the ayze 
to the King, The kanne was in length two foote, and in bꝛedth one Foote, let with 8. laphyꝛes rich ⸗ 
Ip imbꝛodered, and knit to a ſtaffe 3. foote in length. by the which the Page did hold, and mooue it. 
Dur Gentlemen hauing deliuered their meſlage, and receiucy order actozdingly, were licenſen 
to depart, being (afely conducted backe againe bp one of the kings Counſell. 

Chis Alland is che chiefett of all the Bands of Maluco, and the King hereof is King of 
70, Ilands beſides. The king with his people are Moozes in religion, obſeruing certaine new 
Moones, with kaltings: during which kalls, they neither eat nop dpinke in the day, but in the night. 

Akter that our Gentlemen were returned, and that we had het re by the fauour of the king retei⸗ 
ued ali neteſlary things that the place could peelo vs: our General conſidering the great diſtante, 
and how karre he was pet off from bis Count rey, thought it not ben here to linger the time any 

longer, but waving bis anchors , let out ok the Illand, and ſapled to a certainelitle Aland to the 
South wards ok Celebes, where we graued our hip, and continued there in that and other buli 
neſſes 26, dayes. This Alland is thꝛoughly growen with wood of a large and high growth, very 
ſtraight and without boughes, laue one lx in che head oz top, whole leaues are not much differing 
from our bꝛoome in England. Amongſt theſe trees night by night. thꝛough the whole land, did 


gierp worms. Hewthemleiues an inlinite warme of ſiery wozmes ping in the apze, whoſe bodies being no 


Bats, 
Crauiſhes. 


Jannarie in 
2 1579. 


bigger then our tommon Englich flies, make luch a ſhew and lic ik euery twigge op tree had 
bene a burning candle. In this place bzeedeth allo wonderfull ‘iw ze of Bats, as bigge as large 
hennes: of Craphitles allo heere wanted no plentie, and they of exceeding bignelle, one whereotk 
was ſuffitient for 4. hungry omacks at a dinner, beeing allo very good, and reſtozing meate, 
whereol we hav experience: and they digge themſelues holes in the earth like Conies. 

Then wee had ended our bulinelle here, we water, and let Caile to runne fo, the Malucos: but 
hauing at that time a bad winde, and being amongſt the Wands, with much difficultie wee reto⸗ 
neredeo the Mowbtuarn of the Alland of Celebes, where by reafon of tontrory winds not able to 
continue our courſe to runne Melkwards, we were inforcedto alter the fame to the Houthward 
againe, faving that courte alloto be very hard and dangerous fop vs, by reafon of infinite choalos 
which die olf. zun among the lands: whereok wee had too much triall to the hazard and danger 
ok our ſhlppe and liues. Fo; of all other dayes vpon the 9. ok Januarie, in the peere 1 . 


— — 


Sir Fre 


ranne (udot 
in the afcer 
ag hee had 
and pꝛotect 
Ip, both he. 
in the ende! 
Ile ligt 
meale and 
changing ft 
dzoue our fl 
we gaue Gt 
The 8,0 
meane time 
ly lu body ar 
we had thet 
leeue our w 
their heads 
women are 
on their arn 
ol bzaſle, the 
Mith th 
rols fo2 thei! 
Their J 
feeme Chilft 
forme and fe 
Their fre 
cocos,figu, | 
fozme, and h 
tommeth lol 
did alfo of th 
ok our owne 
in we found 
At our de 
great tourte 
call Raiah: ¢ 
hauing one ſ 
Ol thelet 
delighted in 
their heads, r 
ward they w 
The Mal 
high courteſt 
The peop 
gers, all bein 
alſo in che fo; 
They har 
men, womet 
ſome tice bor 
whereon the 
company of 
They boii 
pots which v 
rice die, wit 
faſt in a form. 
that they Cue 
mit no moꝛe 
become. lo th 
other fptces, 


Drake. 
t General 


to tome a 
lon: fo that 
of tertaine 
ke certaine 
AD of them 
p call Figo, 


er to make 
0020 for his 
each of his 
ine certaine 
ce-hing foz 
8, and were 
was a large 


which were 
ited, Downe 
anes, and 
ſo 2. Turks 
ces couered 
Captaines 
was attiren 
le downe to 
on his keete 
ly wꝛeathen 
hereof were 
in his chaire 
ing the apre 
popres,riche 
1D mooue it. 
ere licenſed 


f is King of 
ertaine ne 
inthe nigbt. 
e hing retei⸗ 
eat diſtante, 
he time any 
land to the 
d other buli 
rowih, very 
ich Differing, 
le land, did 
es beeing no 
eo; 3 
gge as e 
2 — 
nung meate, 


. 
alucos: but 
tie wee reto⸗ 


Sir Francis Drake. Traffiques, and Difcoueries. 


ranne ſuddeniy vpon a rocke, where we mucke fall from 8. at the c locke at night, til. 4,0f the clacke 

in the afcernoone the nert dap, being inde ede out ol all hope to cfcape the danger: but dur Oenerall dent berger 
as hee had alwayes hitherto ſbe web himſelle couragious , and of a good conlidence in the mercie vn ar. 
and pꝛotection of Hod: fo now he continued in the fame, and lett he ſhould ſeeme to perith wilfuls 

ly, both he. and we did our beſt indeuour to laue our ſeluts, which it pleaſed God ſo to blelle, that 

in the ende we cleared our ſelues moft happily of the danger. 

e lighted our (hip vpon the rockes of 3. tunne ol cloues, 8. peetes of oꝛdinante, and certaine cones, 
meale and beanes: aud then the winde (as it were in amoment bp the ſpectall grace of God) Tbe velve ot 
changing from the Rarteboopd to the larbooꝛd of the thip, we hoiſed our Catles, and the happy gale deere. 
dzoue our (hip off the rocke into the ſea againe, tothe no litle comfortof all our hearts, fo) which 
we gaue God fuck praple and thanks, as fo great a bencfice required. 

The 8. ol Fedpuarie following, wee fell with the fruitkull Alland of Barateue, hauing in the febmuarie, 
meane time fuffercd many Dangers by windes and ſhoalos. The people of this Alland are comer n. 30 
Ip ln body and ſtature, and of a ciuill behauiour, iuſt iu Dealing and court eous to ſirangers, whereof 
we had the experience lundzy wapes , they being molt glad ol our pꝛeſence, and very ready to res 
leeue our wants in thoſe things which their Countrey did peelde. The men goe nale d, fauing 
their heads and pꝛiuities, euery man hauing ſomething o other hanging at their cares, Their 
women are coue red from the middle do une to the koote, wearing a great number of hace lets vp⸗ 
on their armes, koz Come had 8. von each arme, being made ſome of bone, ſome of hozne, and fome 
ol bꝛalle, the lighteſt whereof by our ellimation wate two ounces apeece. 

With this people linen · cloth is good marthandize, and of good requeſt, mhereok they make EN 
rols fo2 their heads, and girdles to weare about them. mar 

Theis Alland is both rich and fruitfull: rich in golde ſiluer, capper, and ſulpbur, whertin they 
feeme Chilfull and erpert, not one lp to trie the fame, but in woß king it alſo arcifictally into any 
fone and laſbion that pleaſeth them. 

Their fruits be diuers and plentiful, as nutme gu, ginger, long pepper, lemmons, curumbers, sucmege and 
cocos,figu, lagu, with divers other forts + anvamong all che red, wer had one fruite, in bignelfe, maten 
forme, and hul ke, like a Bap verry, hard of ſubſtance, and pleaſant of taſte, which being ſodden, bes Barsccve, 

tommeth foft and is a moſt good and wholſome victuall, whereof we tooke reafonable ſtoꝛe, as we 
did alſo of the other fruits and (pices: fo that to tonfeſſe a ttueth.ſince the time that we lirſt let out gommenda⸗ 
of our owne Countrey of England, we bappentv vpon no place (Ternate onely excepted) where · And dl Xe 
in we found moze comlozes and better meanes ok refreſhing. tue, 

At our departure from Barateue, we Cet our courfe fo; Iaua maior, where arriuing, we found lan maior, 
great courcefie,and honourable ente ttainment. This Illand is gouerned bp 5. Rings, whom they 
call Raiah: as Raiah Dona w, and Raiah Mang Bange, and Raiah Cabuccapollo, which liue ag 
hauing one ſpirite, and one minde. 

Ol theſe hur we had foure a ſbipboozd at once, and two oꝛ the often. They are wonderfully nd e greene 
delighted in coloured clothes, as red and greene: their vpper parts ol thett bodies are naked, faue band. 
their heads, whereupon they weare a Turkiſh roll, as do the Malue cians: from the middle downs 
ward they weare a pintado of fitke, trailing vpon the ground, in colour as they belt like. 

The Maluccians hate that their women ſhould bee feene of ltrangers: but theſe offer themof Ide manners 
high courteſie, yea the kings themlelues, of tbe prople 

The people are of goodly ſtature, and warlike, well proutded of (wopns and targets, wich 
gers, all being of their owne wopke,and moſt artificially done, both in tempering their metall, as 
allo in che foꝛme, whereof we bought realonable ſlaze. f 5 

They haue an houle in euery village ko their common aſſembly :euery dax they meete twiſe, 
men, women, and childzen, inging with chem ſuch victuals as they chinke goad, ſome fruites, 
ſome tice boiled, ſome hennes roatten, ſome ſagu, having atable mane 3. ſoote from the ground, 
whereon they fet their meate, that euery perſon litt ing at the table may eate, one reioycing in the 
company ofandther, yey 
They boile theit rite in an earthen pot, made in forme of alugarloate being ful of holes, as out 29 gange fas 
pots which we water our gardens withall, and it is open at the great enne, wherein they put their fee aoe 
rice die, without any moiſture. In the meane time they haue ready another great earthen pot, ſet . 
faſt in a foꝛnace. boiling fullof water. whereinto they put their pat wich rice. by fuch meaſure, 
that they lwelling become (ofe at the ſielt, and by their twelling Topping the holes of the pot, abe 
mit no tore water to enter, hut the moze they are botled, the harder and more firme lubſtante they 

betome . ſo that in the end they are a firme ¢ goon bpead, of che which with ople, butter, ſugar, and 
other ſpic e, ihey make diuers Corts ol mea ten very N taſte, and nouriſhing to nature, 
L 1774 


7 


The Freney 
poplin, 


de Cape of 
Buena Elperowsa 
not lo Dange · 
vous as the 
PVonugalo 
Hane giuen 
ont. 


Sierra Leons. 
Oiſter trees. 


The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations. Nuno da Silua. 


seems Terence ee 


The French pocks is here ve ry tommon to all,and they helpe themfelues, ſitting naked ftom 


ten tot wo in the Dunne, whereby che venemous humour is dꝛawen out. Mot long before our de · 


parture, they tolde vs, that not karre off there were ſuch great Ships as ours, withing vs to be · 
ware: vpon this our Captaine would May no longer. 

From laua Maior we ſailed fo) the cape of Good Hope, which was the firſt land we fell with · 
all: neither Din we touch with it, oz any other land, vntill we came to Sierra’ Leona, vpon the coat 
ol Guinea: not withſtanding we ranne hard aboozothe Cape, finding the report of the Poztugals 
to be moſt falle, who affirme, that it is the ma. dangerous Cape of che world, neuer without ins 
tolerable ſtoꝛmes and pꝛeſent danger to trattailers, which come neere the lame. 

This Cape is amok ſtately thing, and the fatrett Cape we ſaw in the whole circumference of 
the earth and we palſed by it the 18. ol June. 

From thence we continued our courte to Sierra Leona, on the coatt of Guinea, where we arri⸗ 
wed the 22. ol July, and founo neceflarie pꝛouiſions, great fore of Elephants, Ditters vpon trees 
of one kinde, ſpawning and increaling infintcelp, the Oiſter (uffering no budde to grow. Ie des 
parted thence the 24. dap. 

~ Me arriued in England the third of Mouember 1580. being the third peere of our Departure, 


The names of the Kings or Princes of Iaua at the time of our 
Engliſb mens being there. 


Raia Donaw Raia Iymbanton. 
2 Raia Rabarapala, Raia Mawgbange, 
C Raia Bacabatta. Raia Patimara. 


Certaine wordes of the naturall language of Iaua, learned 
ind obferued by our men there. 


agu, bread of the Countrep, _ | Tadon, a woman. 
Larnike, dainke. 1 Bebeck, abucke, 
Paree, rpte in the huſke. Anlange, a deere. 
Braas, ſodden ryce. Popran, oyntment. 
Calspa, Seer, Coar, the head. 

Cticke, a dagger. Endam, raine. 
Catcha, a locking gloſle, Tonge, a ſhippe. 
Arbo, an ore, Chay, the fea, 

i Vit Sapelo, ten in number, 
Cabo, golde, Dopolo, twentie. 
Gardange, à plantane. Treda, no. 

I Hiam, a henne. Lau, vnderſlanv you. 

Sent, linen cloth. Bayer, goe. 

. | Doduck, blew cloth, Adadizano, A will fetch it, 
Totopps, one ot their caps. Suda, prough. 


The relation of a Voyage made by a Pilot called Nuno da Silua for 
the Vice-roy ofinewSpaine,the20.0f May, in the yere of our Lord 1579. in 
the citie of Marico, from whence it was ſent to the Vice. roy of the Portagal- Indies: 
Vherela is fet downe the courſe and actions paſſed in the 1 of Sir Francis Drake 
that tooke the aforefayd Nuno da Silua at S. Iago one of the Iſſands of Cabo Verde , and 
éatied him along with him through the Sreights of Magellan; to the Hauen of Guatulco 

in new Spams, where he let him goe againe. f i 


9249 1 Vnd da Silua bone in Porto, a Citizen and inhabitant of Guaia, laith, that bee 
nnter out of his hoüſe in the beginning of Jouember in the peere of out 
Wals Lone 57. taking his courſe to Cabo Verde, o; Che greene Cape, where 
be enchozed with bis Sbippe cloſe bp the Hauen of the Illand af Sant Jago, 
foc VLA ene of the Alandeß ol Cabo Verde aforelapne, beeing the ag rN 


Sabuck, filke, Gula, blacke ſugar. 


Jantiary ty 
ot Caught 
of his thip, | 
hood his th 
hurt not th 
with them 
water: fro 
no da Silu 
that were t 
they knew 
thole count 
Beingp 
they delert 
oz taking in 
lying vnde 
themſe lues 
From tb 
they ankere 
foure in con 
las Iſlas, tha 
that Magel 
which now 
red ſo cloſe 
land to bee 
the knees de 
bodies beet 
formed peo 
krech water, 
the Engliſh 
de parted th 
ſayde: Mac 
the Englulb 
ſomewhat f 
ſhippers, ot 
fauen them 
Raped till th 
about aleag 
and ftue an 
mouth oz ent 
Auguſt luefo 


leagues ton 
1 a hook 


without any | 
lap courted y 


sSilua. Nuno da Silua, Traffiques arid Diſcoueries. 743 


naked from January iu the peere of our Low 1578, And lying there there came fire (hips, whtch lee med to 
fore our de or Englichmen, whereokthe Admiral boopden his ſhup, and by force with his men tocke hint out 
ng vs to be · of bisthip, bzingung him in the boate abougd the Adinizals ſbippe, leauing Come of bis bell men ne 
bond his (hips and although che loztreſſe of the Illand thot four e oz hue times at chem » Pet they 
ve fell with · hurt ot the Engliſhmen: who hauing done, (et faile from thence to the Alland of Braua, taking 
jon the coaſt wich them che ſhiy ol the Capo Nuno da Silua: being there. they filled cercuine vellels with feet) 
Poꝛtugals water: from thence holding the ir courte inward to les. hauing firtt with a boat let the men of Nu- 
without in · no da Silvas hip on land. onely keeping Nuno da Silua in his ſhip, as alfo his {hip with the wines 
that were therein. And Nuno da Silua Caith,che caule whp they kept him on boorn was, becaule 
mlerence of j they kne w him to bee a pilot fo the coal of Brafilia,that hee might bing them to luch places in 
thole countreps as had freſh water. 
ere we arri⸗ Being put off from the Illand ok Braua, they helde their courte to ehe land of Braſilia », Which 
s vpon trees they deicrien vpon the fiiſt or Apzill, vnder the height of thirtie degrees: and without landing 
ow, Ile bes 0} taking in frei water, ebey helde on their courte to Rio de la Plata, (hat is, The tiuer ol liluer, RiodePtare, 
lying Under fie and thirtie degrees, little moze 02 lelle: where they went on land, and pꝛoulded 
r Departure, themlelues of fret water. 
From hence they helde on their courte till they tame vnder nine and thirtie degrees, where 
of our they ankered: and beeing there, thepleft two of their fire fhippes behinde them, and lalled but 


foure in companie (that ol Nuno da Silua being one) till thep came to the Bay called Baya de Bay delas Ila. 
las Illas, that is, Che Bap of the J lands, ping vnder nine and fortie degrees, where it is lapde, 
that Magellan lap and wintered there with his hippe, when hee fir vilcouered the Otreight, 
which now holdeth bis name. Into this Bay the twentieth of June they ent red, and there anke: 
red ſo clole to the land that they might ſend to it with a harquebuſe ſhot: and there ihey ſawe the 
land to bee inhabited with Andians, chat were apparelled with Chinnes , with thelt legges from 
d the knees vomneward, and their armen from the elbowes downe ward naked, all the reft or their 

rne budies beeing clothed , with bomes and atrowes in their handes, being Cubtill, great, and well 
formen people, and ſtrong and high of ſtature: where lize of the Engliſhmen went on land ta letch 
kreih water, and before they lepe on land, foure of the Indians came vnta their boate, to whome 
the Englichmen gaue boeadanvy wine: and when the Indians had well eaten and dzunke, 
Departed thence: and going ſome what farre from them, one ofthe Indians cryed to them, and 
fapoe : Magallanes, Eftahe minha Terra, that is, Magallanes, this is my tountrey: and becaule 
the Englubmen follomen them, it ſeemed the Indians fleode vpward into the land, and beeing 
ſomewhat karre off, they turned backe againe, and with their arrowes ſlewe two of the Cnglith 
ſhippers, one bemg an Englichman, the other a Metherlander the reſt came backe againe and 
lauen themſelues in the bvate, wherewith they prelentip put off From the ſhoze. Here they 
ſtayed till the ſeuenteenth of Auguſt, vpon the which vay they ſet ſaile running along bp the coalt 
about a league and abale fromthe land, (fo there it is all taire and good ground at tweutie, 
and fue aud twentte fathome det pe) and were abaut fourco? fiue dayes before thep came to the 
mouth oz entrie of the Streigbt: but berauſe the wind. was contrary. Shep Rapensil the 24 of 
AuguttLefore they entreu. f ' 


. Tbecutnie r mauthof the Stroight is ahout a league broad, on both fives being bare and 1 
latte land : on the Mozth lde they Came Andians making e eee of Magellan, 
{aw nopzople ſtirring. The foure and twentieth dag aloze ſayd, heganne to enter inco the 
wtreight, with an Callnoꝛtheaſt wind. Chis Streigbt may bee about an hunnzed and tenne 
f leagues long; and in dency a league. About the entry of the Streighr, and balfe wap into it, it 
Sila for wuueth rigbt foo th without anp windings opturnings : and fom hence about. giabt op tenne 
11579.in leaguestowards the ende, it hathfome boutes and windings, she which there is ane ſo 
gal Indies: great a hooke oz headland, that it ſeemen to runne intathe Ann inn n h lelle then a 
Arte Drake league byoad from one land tu the other: and from thence foyward.it runnerh! 5 gutagaine: 
Verde, and And althaugh vou finde ſome crookings,: pee they are nothing to ſpeakę gf. The iſſue ok the 
of Guataleo Aire igbt lieth Cefward and about eigbt o cenne leagues before poucg to the ende, then 
the Streight begumeth to bee bꝛoader, and it is all 10 land toche ande thergol, alter you are 
m —Sinbelengnes within the Stretght forthe fut eigbt leagues after van ntel lob flat land, a8 
ith, that bee . in the entrie of the Streight poufiun the ſlreame to tunne from the: South 
our 5 adde Moꝛth lea. 1 9 822 ug e, e e 
oe rs An after they began to ſaile in with the Eaſtnoztheaſt wind, being entre they paſled along 
fSant Jago, wicbout any let on bianerance either of wind op weather : and berauſe she bigb land go both fives 
nineteenth ol lap couered with ſnow, and that all the Streighbt is faire and clegre, they hele their courle a 
Januarte bbe Lakes barquebule 


parquebule-Cyotim length from off che Nozth lide, hauing nine and tenne fathome depth , witch 
good ground, as J (aid befoze, where (ik neede require) a man map anker s che billes on both fines 
being full of trees, lome of the billes and trees reaching done to the ſea five in ſome places ha. 
uing piaine and euen land: and there they Cate nut any great tiuers, but ſome ſmall riuers that 
iſſued out of the riffes and bꝛe sches of che land: and in the countrep where the great Cape oz 
crookingis,on the Mouth five tbey law certaine Indtan fithermen in iht ir Canoas op hiffs, be: 
ing ſuch as they Caw firſt on the Noꝛth lde, but moze people they Caw not on the South fire, 

Being out ofche Streight on the other fire, vpon the fire of September of the aforefato pere, 
they deld their courle Noz tbwilt (op the ſpate of three dapes, and the third Dap they had a Non 
eat wind, chat by fopcedpaue them Mellſouthweſt, which courte they held forthe (pace of tenor 
twelue dapes with few Cailes vy: and becauſe the wind began to be very great, thep tooke in all 
their lailes, and lay bpiteing till tbe lat of Beptember. 

Site twas the The 24 dap of the famemoncthhauing loi che fight of one of their ſhippes which was about 
lan ee andundzes tunne, thenagaine thephotted lalle becaule ide winde came better, holding their 
ty, courte opeheatt forthe lpace of ſeuen dayes, and at ih ende of the Cape ſcuen dapes, thep had 
the ſight ofcercapne Allends, which they made towards for to anker by them, but the weather 
aie permit them: and being there che rind fell Jogehweltsmbereupon they failed Melt. 

guchweſt. 

The nert day they lott che ſigbt of another thip of tbeir company, fo it was verp foule weather, 
fo that in the ende the Aomirals thippe was lekt alone ,foz the ſbip cf Nuno da Silua was left in 
the Bap where they wint erer before hep mtred into the Mrreights: and with tis foule trea 

Ehepwere dil · cher they carte till che p were bribe leuen and fiftie degttes, where they entred into a bauen 
nen Unia y. Of an Tlland, and ankered about the length of the (hot of agreat piece from the land, at twen⸗ 
ibn Aa. tie furhome deepe, where thep Capen ihrer komme pepe, aud the uind comming Soutbwary, 
they weped anker, holding their courte Roßthwerv fo2 che lpace of two dates, and chen they efpien 
a ſmall nhabited Bland, where being arriued, they Croke (atles , and boiled out ihetr boate, ano 
there they tooke many birds and QDeales, 
~" Chenert dap they (er (aile againe, holding their courte Nopthnoitheaſt, and Noth, tu another 
Nba m 38. Alland Iping five ot fice Leagues from the firme land, on the Nozth fine o€ the Streigbe, where 


| eg. 30. nn they ankered about a quarter of aleague from the land, in twelue fathame water, This Aland 
is lmall and lowe land, and full ol Indians, the Illand being altog r poſlelled andinhabi⸗ 
ted by them, where they bopledout their boate , wherein the Amit au and twelue Englidmen 


entred, going to fetch fret) water, and to lebe lad victuals: and being landed vpon the Alland ehe 
Indians in exchange ol other things, brought two Spanicb ſbeepe, and a little Patz op rootes 
whereofthep make hend, and becanfe it was late, they returned againe bnta their Chip, without 
doing anp other ching kot chat bap, 
Ebenert vay che laid Capcaine with cheafopefato twelue men being harquebuſters, rowed 
to land againe , and let two of their companp on ſwoze with their vefleis to keech freſh water, aud 
bp the e where they ſhould fill their water chere lay certaine Indians Cecretly hidden, that fell 
vpon the two Englichnꝛen and coke them: which they in the boat percetulng, mene our tao belpe 
them, but they were lo allalled wich Rones ¢ arrowes, that all ox the moſt att ol them bert hurt, 
the Captaine himfelfe being wounded With an ar om on ihe face, and wih another arrow in the 
ae 


Sit Francis 


Drakewwoun head, whereby they were constrained to turne backe againe, without once hurting 
ie pians,and yet they came fo neere the boate, that they tooke foure of their onres fi 
pone, they (ct faileagaine running along the coaſt with a South winde, 
of lire dayes, palling by the hauen called Sant Iago , and put into another hauen, 
tooke an Judlan that lap Athing ina Canoa, giuing tim linnen and butchers chopping knives, 
wich other rifles, and not long after there came another Indian aboo d their thippe called Fe- 
lippe,anbbe (ake Spanith be gate the Engliſh C aptaine notice of a certaine ſbippt that lap in 
the hauenofSant logo, which they had left fire leagues behind ihem: with that itelligence the 
Andian being their guide, ide next day they (ct laile and went to the afopelapo hauen of S. Iago, 
therem they tooke the laid hippe, wher ein they found athouſand ſeuen bundzed and 
70 Boriias 02 Spanich pots full of wine, and other things : which hauing done, they lepe on 
lane, where they tooke cettatue ſackes wichmeale, with what loeuer they could find; thep toohe 
lkewile che opnamencs aud the seliques out of the Church, where with they depatted from 
che bauen thence aking the thippe, with two men (that they found in her) withibeni, and (oDe> 
5 patetd ftom that hauen, with iet vuder 32 degtees and a halfe, running along bp the cost 
apl. al ehep tune vuder ont and thitiie, and chittie degrers x which was the pace where and 


Nuno de 
appointed to mi 
be lenaraten, an 
And commit 
ankered at fire: 
gainſt a xiuer, u 
water, chep fet: 
company ok mei 
two hundzed an 
they pꝛelently e 
The lame ni 
leagues farcher 
men, they depar 
From thence 
thep entred inte 
people vpon the 
kramed out of E 
taine with fiftee 
ſterok the hip v 
could finn the tt 
thinking to goe 
faw people on a 
the other hips: 
ged her: which 
againe,followin 
» Dauing Catle 
the land, where 
tald them that o 
was not much. e 
fet ſaile againe 
the Hore, 
The next day 
the land in their 
and rower on la 


aud thinking tol 
and thitty harqu 
wards them wh 
inthe barks, wit 
* Che neve dap 
and tooke the ot 
che chage wich bi 
a ſhipwherot the 
den lound the th 
ledok an Engliſt 
and hidden it on t 


Silua, 


ato peeve, 
Nofth⸗ 
e often oz 
oke in all 


das about 
ding their 
they had 
weather 
ed Cette 


~ 


Nuno da Silva. Traffiques and Difcoueries, 


appointed to meete, and there to ſtay fazechother, if by tempeſt oz foule weather they chanced to 
he lenaraten, and ſo looſe eche others company, : 

And comming vnder thirtie degrees, hey found a very good hauen, whereinto they entren, and 
inkered at fire fathome deepe, the thot ok a great peece from ihe land, which was right ouer a 
gainſt a xiuer, where they tooke in ſixepipes of kreſh water: and to defend them that ketched the 
water, ebey fet twelue men vpon the land, and being bulied in filling ok their water, they elpied a 
company of men 9 4 75 towards them, mhereok halke of them were Spaniards, being about 
two hundzed and ſikty hoꝛſemen, and as many kootemen, but they had no fooner elpied them, but 
they pꝛelentip entred inte the boat, and eſcaped away, looſing but one man. 

Che lame night they (ee ſaile againe with both their Hips, running along the toalt about ten 
leagues farther, where they tooke in fome fret water, but becauſe they perceiuedcertaine hozle · 
men, thep Departed without lading any moze water. 

From thence they followed on tbeir courſe along the coall forthe ſpate of 30 leagues, where 
they encred into a veſert o2 vnhabited hauen: pet they went not on land, foz euery day they law 
people vpon the hore, e there they made cut a {mal pinnelle, the peeces wherof they bought teady 
lramed aut of England, and hauing pꝛepared it, they launched it into the water, wherein the Caps 
taine with lifteene men entred with the chiefe boatelman callen lohn the Greeke, (being Ma⸗ 
fterof the Hip which they had taken in the hauen of S. lago, ) where with they went to fee it they 
could find the two ſhippes that they had loft by ſtoꝛmie weather, as J ſapd befoze: and likewile 
thinking to goe on land to fill certain veſcels with freſh water, they duiſt not venture, koz thep 
faw pechle un all fives of the thoze : fo that in the ende they returned againe without hearing of 
the other (hips: being there, they tooke all the oꝛvinance out ok their thip, and new dꝛelled and rig 
ged her : which done. they put a (mall peece ok oꝛdinance inte che pinnelle, wherewiththey {et lalle 
againe, following ou their courſe. . Fe 
» Dauing lailed thirteene dapes, they came to an Alland lping about the ſhotte of abate from 
the land, where they ankered, and there they found foure Indian liſhermen in two Canoas, who 
tald them that on the firme land they might haue kreſh water, but they vnderſtanding that there 
was not much and that it was ſomewhat within the land, woulu not ſpend any time about it, but 
fet faite againe, leauing the liſhermen with their Canons, following on their courle along by 
the ſhoze. : ; 5 
= Chenere vay being ſomewhat further, they eſpied certaine Indian fithermen that were vpon 
the land in their houles, which the English captame perceiuing. prcfentip entren into his pinneſſe, 
and roweo on land, where be tooke the of che laid fichermen, taking with him halfe of the fich 
1 vpon the thoze ready to be laden, with the which Indians and booty, they came on 
booꝛd againe. : 

Che next day following, they Caw a bar ke laden with Hh , that belonged to the Spaniards, 
with foure Indians in it. Chis bar ke with the Indians and the fiſh they tooke, and bound the 
Spanich Hhip ta their ſterne, and fo dꝛewe it after them, leauing the laid Indians within it, who 
by nigbt vnbound the barke, and ſecretly made away with barke and fich, aud were no more 
ſeene. The next day the Captaine went into the pinneſle, and becauſe he ſaw certaine houles bps 
on the hore,ho made thither and being on land, he found two men in them, one whereok he tooke, 
leullug che othet behind and there he found thzec thoulano pezos of filuer, (euery pero being the 
valut of a ryall ot eight, and ſeuen Indian ſheepe, and hennes, e tooke al what ſoeuer they found: 
wherewith they departed from thence, following on their courle. And two dapes alter they tame 


745 


tothe hauen called Arica, where thep found two chips, the one laden with goods and Wpaniſh „ 


Wares dutol the which they tooke on ly two hundzed Botijas, 2: Spanith pots with wine, and out 
of the other leuen and thirty barres of liluer, which are peeces of ten oz twelue pound eche barre, 
aud thinkeing to leape on ſhoꝛe (with two barks that they found in the ſaid hauen, with about feuen 
and thirty harquebuſes and bowes) they perceiued on ĩhe land certaine hozſemen comming tox 
wards them whereupon they left off their pꝛetence, and cooke withthem a Negro that they found 
in the barks, with whom they returned aboozd. 
* Che neve day in the mogning they burnt che Hip, that was laden with the Spaniſh wares, 
and tooke the other withthem pallung foꝛ ward with it on their courfe, the Captaine failing along 
che hope wich his pinnelſe, and the (hip keeping about a league from him to ſea ward, to ſeeke foz 
a thip wheror they had intelligence: and hauing in that maner lailed about fine and forty leagues, 
‘Wepfounv the ſhip that lay at anker in a hauen, who about two houre s befoze had bene aduerti 
fevofan Eng liſb pirate op lea · rouer, and hav diſchargeveight hundzed barres of Gluce out ar her, 
and hidden it on the land, which liluer belonged to the king of Spaine, of the which ‘Guth. 
We ngliſh⸗ 


946 The Engliſn Voyages,Nauigations, Nuno da Silua 


Englithmenhadreceiucn Come intelligence, but they durſt not go on land, becauſe there were mas 
ny Indians and Spaniards that Nood to gard it, and they found nothing inthe ſhip but thꝛee pipes 
of water: the hip they tooke with them, and being about a league in the fea, they hoyled vp all 
her lailes and let her dive, doing the like with the thip that they had taken in Arica, as alſo the o 
ther 0 ie lago, which like wile they let dꝛiue, following on their courte with their owne hip, 
and the pinneſſe. 

Being ſeuen oꝛ cightleagues from the hauen uf Calao de Lyma, chey eſpied chte thips, and 
Hoopding one ok then, they tocke thꝛee men out ok her, and lo helb on their courfe towards Calao 
de Lyma, wbere they entred, being about twa oz three hourcs within night , falling in betweene 
all the ſhips tha: lay there, being leuenteene in number and being among the Hips, they alter 
fop the ſhip that had laben the ſiluer, but when anſar: is made them, that the ſiluer was lapd 
on land, they cut the cables of the ſhips. and the maus vo ok the greateſſ (hips,and fo left them. 
At the fame time there arriued a hip from Panamal e u wich wates and merchandiſe of Spaine, 
that ankered clole by the Engliſh ſhip. which was, while che Engliſh Captaine ſought in the o⸗ 
ther ſhips kia the fuer. Aſloone as the ſhip of Panama had ankered, there came a beat from the 
Chore to ſearch it: but becauſe it was in the night, they let it alone till moꝛning, and comming to 
the Englith ſwip, they alned what Whip it was: whereupon one ofthe Speniſh pꝛiſoners (by the 
Englich Capt aines commandement) anſwered and laid it was the thip of Michael Angelo, that 
came krom Chili: which they of the boat hearing {ent a man en boozd, who climing vp, light vp⸗ 
on one ok the great peetes, wherewithhe was afraid, and prefentlp ſtept backe againe into the 
boat (becaule the ſpippes that lap there, and that ſailed in thoſe countreps, vled to catry no great 
{hot} and therewith they were abathed, and made fromit: wbich the Hip of Panama heating, that 
was newly come in, thee ingen it to be a rouer, and thert with cutting her cables, thee put to (ea, 
wbich the Englichmen perceiuing, ſyipped certaine men in their pinneſſe, and followed her: and 
being hard by ber, they badde her trike, which they of the hip rekuled to doe, and with a bargue⸗ 
bule Hot killed one of the Englichmen, whert wich tbey turned againe into their Wippe, and 
pꝛeſently let ſaile, following after the hip, which . long alter they ouctcooke : which they ol 
the ſbippe perceiuing, hopled out their boate, and leaping into it, rowed to the land, lesung 
15 9 all the goods, which che Engliſhmen prefentlp tooke, and with ber ſapled on 
their courte, 

The nert day they law a boat with lailes making towards them, where by they prefently mile 
trulled it to be a ſpie, and not long after they perceiuen tmo great (hips comming towards them, 
which made the Englich thinke they tame to light with them, whereupon they let the ſhippe ol 
Panama diue, therein leaving John che Gree ke, with the two men that they had taken the fame 
day that they entred into the Calao de Lyma, as I ſapde befoze, and pefentip bopſed all their 
lalles, and ſailed forward, not onte letting epe againe vpon the afozefapde ſbips, fox they made 
towards the ſhip of Panama, which the Englichmen let dine. From thence they failed againe 
along the coaſt, following on their courle: and hauing failed certaine dapes, they met a frigate 
that went towards Lyma laden with wares and merchandiſes of the countrey, from whente the 
Engliſpmen tooke a lampe and a foumaine ok liluer, and acked the pilote being a Spaniard , if 
they met not with a ſhip that they vnderſtood ſpould be laden with liluer, but the one pilote faine 
he met her not, and the other Lain he ſam her about ther Dapes bekoze. This frigat came not to 
the ſhlp but to the pinnelle, wherein the Capt aine ſailed, loz the pinneſle ranne clofe by the ſpoze, 
and the (hip kept a league and a halle from the lande: whereupon they let the frigate goe, ſollew⸗ 
ing on their courte, f 

Two payes alter they tame to the bauen called Payta, where they found a Chip laden with 
Spanilh wares, which che pinnelle booyved,anvd cooke without anp refittance : fo alloune as the. 
Spaniards perceiuenthe Engluhmen, they pꝛtlently made to land with their boate, and two 
of thein lept into the lea, none faping inthe thippe , but the Malter, Pilote, and ſome Negros, 
out of the which hippe the Engliihmen tooke the pilote, and all the bꝛead, hennes, and a hege. 
and lo lailed foꝛ ward with the chip: but being about two hurquebuſe thet to ſeaward, chep let it 
got againe, not taking anp thing out ok it, and al king after the ſbip which they fought fe the y told 
them that about two dayes befade the Departed from that place, where witd hep koliowed on their 
coutle, and before night (bcp met with a hip of Panama, which they pt ſentip boa ted. but teoks 
nothing from ber but onelps Negro, and fo left it, holding on their courte, 

Thenert dap being the kr of Febzuarie, they met another 1 ſailed to Panama, laden 
with lich and other victuals, and foꝛtie batres ot ſiluer, and ſome gold, but J know rot how much, 
which they tooke, and lent the pallengers (with two friers that were in her) in aboate . 


Nuno 
The next day 
that he had tal 
on their court 
The firſt 
leagues to {ea 
whereby it {ai 
oyle, and fallin 
the better: at 
know what fh 
and to traffiqt 
ſtrike, but the 
uing wounded 
faplen wich her 
they could. 
The thun 
goods out ot h 
and foureteent 
not, onelp the 
ſiluer belonge 
the ſhip withtl 
them. lo that a 
ence they hel 
The thirte 
not being very 
afinall Bap, 
ſtaped till che t 
which with th 
krigat was lad 
things. The 
the reſt of chet 
lap his ſhip on 
foure and twer 
they held on th 


among the w 
nas, as alfo the 
their tourſe. 
Amo ſailir 
Ragues to fea 
and ſuddenly fF 


bauen of Guati 
Tärben 
chene 

1 that 
dio da Silua 
otreakter tt 


Silua, 


were mae 
ee pipes 
fed vp all 
lſo the o⸗ 
lune ſhip, 


ips, and 
ds Calao 
betweene 
hep alten 
was lapp 
left them. 
Mf Spaine, 
in the os 
tfrom the 
mming to 
rs (by the 
gelo, that 
light ry⸗ 
e into the 
p nogrrat 
ting, that 
put to ſea, 
her: and 
& barques 
ippe, and 
ec 
}, leaving 
fapled on 


ently mile 
rds them, 
hippe ol 
ithe fame 
all their 
they made 
led againe 
taftigate 
hence the 
janiard , if 
iloce ſalde 
me not to 
the ſhoze, 
18, lollow⸗ 


wen with 
ne as the 


and two 


Negros, 


te to lo nd. 
Che 


The next dap they hanged a man ol the ſbip, vecaule hee would not conkelle two plates of golde 
that he had taken, which after they kound about him: which done they let the Hip dame, following 
on their tourſe. e 
The firſt of March towards none, they efpien the ſhip laden with liluer, being about foure f 
leagues to ſeamard from them: and becauſe the Englich tip was ſomewbat beauie before, 
whereby it lailed not as they would haue it, they tooke a company of Botijaso Spaniſh pots fo; u ppette deuies 
oyle, and filling chem with water, hung them by ropes at the terne of the hip to make her fapte en tte 
the better: and the thippe that ſayled towardes Panama made towards the English chippe to twtftip, * 
know what thec was, thinking it to bee one ok the ſhippes that vled to laile along the coaltes, 
and to traffique in the countrep: and beeing hard by her, the Englith Captaine badde them 
firike, but the other refuling to doe it, wich a great peece hee ſhotte her matt ouerbooꝛd, and ha⸗ 
uing wounded the Pater with an arrowe, the ſhippe melently veelded, which they tooke, anv 
ſapled 25 ber further into the lea, all that night and the next vay and night, making all the wap 
they could. f 
Che rhiga day being out of fight ok the land, they beganne to fearch the Hip, and to lade the 
goods out of her into their hip, which was a thouland chzee hundzed barres oz peeces of fiuer, 
and foureteene cheſtes with rpals of eight, and with gold: ut what quantitie it was J know 
not, onelp the pallengers (apn that there was great ſtoze, and that three hundzed barres of the 
filuer belonged to the king, the ret belonged to certaine merchants, That done, they let 
the thip wich the men luile on their courſe, putting the thꝛee pilots in her that they bꝛought with 
them, lo that as then they had none but their owue men aboo zd, being the xt ol Parch, and tom 
ence they held their courte towards the land ol Nicaragua. f 1 8 Nicaragua, 
The thirteenthok March either the day bekoze dz after, in the mozning they deltried land, : 
not being very high, being a {mall Alland two leagues from the firme land, and there they kound 446 
aſmall Bap, wherein thep ankered at fue kathome deepe clole by the land, and there thep Che fick ggbt 
Mayen till the twentie day. Upon the which dap there pallen a Frigate clote by the land, pana 
which with their pinneſle they followed, and taking her, brought her tothe Engliſh chip, which 
krigat was laden with Salfaperilla, and Botijas 02 pots with butter and hony, and with other 
things. The Engliſh Captaine went on booꝛd, and caſt the Salſapetilla on the land, leauing all 
the ret of the wares in the krigate . and then he put all bis peeces into the frigate, that lo he might They call 
lap bis thipon (hope,to nem calke end trimme her, which continued tül the theee and kmentie og kp hp ar 
foure and twentie of arch. TWihichoone , and hauing made pꝛouiſion of wood and frech water, the dle of Cannd 
they held on their courle along by che coat ſapling cMAeuward, aN the ſayd frigate and her N 
men wich them, and haning lailed two dapes, they tooke their men out ok her, ano let them in 
the pinneſle, among the which were foure lailers, that meant to faple to Panama, and from 
thence to China, whereof one they cooke , with the letters and patents that hee had about him, 
among the which were the letters of the King of S peine, ſent to the gouernour of the Philippi ¢ 


nas, as alto the ſea· cards where with they thoulo make their voyage, and direct themtelues in 11 


their to : 
, Aud fo failing vntill the fire of Aprill , about euening they viſcouered a Gippe that held tina 
Ragues to ſeaward from the land: and before the next day in the mogning they were hard by ber, 
and ſuddenlp Fell vpon het while her men ſlept. and pꝛelentlp made the men enter into their ſhip. 
among the which was one Don FranciicoXarate. Mhich done, they followed on their courte 
with the ſayd ſhip, out of the which they tooke certaine packes and other wares, but I know not 
bat it was. They likewiſe tooke a Negro out of it, and thꝛee dayes after they both let the ſhip 
any men goe wbether they woulde, ſetting therein the two faplers that ſhould goe for China, 
whichthep had taken in the frigate, keeping one p one ſailer to he we them where thep ould find 
fret} water to the which ende rhey Cooke the emptie vellele with them to All with water, and Eper arne 
fo kept on their courte to the hauen ol Guaulco, where they put in, being vpon Punday the at Guauteo. 
chirreenth of Apzill. and hauing ankered,thep Capen there till ehe fire and twentie of Appl: and MPH . e 
thout three oz foure houres within the night, they ſet ſayle, holding their tourle Meſtward, and 
ah houre oz two befoze they let Nuno da Silua goe, putting him into another (hip, that lap in the Nuno da S ad 
auen of Guatulco, lat on lane 
Fromtbence forwary the Englichmen pallen on their vopage, to the Illands of Malucos, 
amd krom chende chey palled by the Cape de Buena Eſperanga, and ſu toEngfind, as it is well 
1 77 that this is onelp the vefcription ol the voyage that they made, while the laid pilote 
allo da Silua was with them. 
Oereakter kolloweth the copie ol a letter witten by lr Francis Drake (being in the . 
9 ö a 


The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigatiol.s, A. Fohn Winter, 


748 


Chey ſet foys 

ward from 

Plimmotmh the 

13. ut Deeente 
er. 

Cape Cantia. 

Auphi, 


annd om tbe 
coal oi haba 


f ain men that the hatien was without danger, hauing fine kathomes of water kalt by the rocks ene 


ſea ol New Spaine in his ſhip called The Pellican 03 the golden Hinde with the ſbip of Sane 
Iohn de Anton, which hee bab taken) to bis companions in the other ſhippes that were of his 
company , and by foule weather feparated from him, as J laid before: Che contents whertol 
were theſe: f a 

Malter Winter, Hit pleaſeth God that you ſhould chance tomeete with this ſhip of Sant 
Tobn de Arto, I pray you vie him well according to ny word aud promiſe giuen vnto them, 
and ifyou want any thing chat is in this ſhip of Sans foam de Antes, pray you pay them dou. 
ble che value for it, which I will ſatisfie againe , and command your men not to doe her any 
hurt: and what compoſition ox agreement we haue made, at my returne into England 1 will 
by Godshelpe perſourme, although I amin doubt that this letter will neuer come to your 
hands: notwithſtanding I am the man I haue promiſed to be: Befeeching God, the Sauiout 
of all the world, to haue vs in his keeping, to whom onely I giue all honour praiſe and glory, 
What I haue written,is not only to you N. unter, but alfo to M. 7 homas, Vl. Charles, bi. Caube, 
and M. Antbenie,with all our other good friendes, whom I commit to the tuition of him that 
with his blood redeemed vs, and am in good hope that we flial be in no more trodle,but that 
he will helpe vs in aduerſi: ie, deſiting you for che Paſſion of Chriſt, ifyou fall into any danger, 
that you will not defpaire of Gods mercy, for hee will defend you and preferue you from all 
danger, and bring vs to our defired hauen, to whom bee all e Sd and praiſe tor euer 
and euet. Amen. Your forowfull Captaine, v hoſe heart is heauy ſot you: Francis Drake, 


The voyage of M. lohn VVinter into the South fea by the Streight 
of Magellan, in conſort with M. Francis Drake,begun in the yeere 1577. By 
which Itreight allo he returned ſafely into England the ſecond of lune 1579. contray 
tothe falſe reports of the Spaniards which gaue out, that the {aid paſſage was not tee 
paſſeable: Written by Edvard Cliffe Mariner, 


Ace Ache peereof our Low 1577, the 19. of September there went out of the ruer 
Frio of Thamis over the lands ende one goad and newe ſhip called the Elizabeth, of 
do tunnes in burthen: in company whereof went alfo a lmall pinneſſe being 12 
tunnes in hurthen called the Benedict. The lapd chip with ber pinnefle arriuen 
a plimmouch: in which hauen were three (hips moze, one called the Pellicanin 
barthen 120, tunes, being Admiral of the fleete: a barte called the Marigold in burthen thirep 
tunnes, witha fiteboat of 50 tunnes. Cheſe hips had in them 164 men, and were victualled 
and furniſheb with all kind of netellarp pꝛouiſion to make a vopage into the South Cea, Tee fee 
faple the 15 of Nouember, but were put into Falmouth bp contrary winds: and afterward were 
conftrainey to put backe againe to Plimmouth to ttpalrr the great burt which diners of our flerte 
had luſtained in that tempeſt: and at length the 13 of December wee {et fo ward from chence 
vpon our vopage. f 5 
VEbe e of December we had light of Cape Cantin: this Cape tpeth in iht latte 
tude of 32. degrees and 30. mimues bport the coatt of Barbatie, netreta a towne called Afaphi, 
Cbe land all along this coat is bie and great mountaines. Sapling from che fapo Cape South 
ſouthwel about 18 leagues, wee found a little Alland called Mogador an Engliſh mile diſtant 
kram the maine, we Cent our boat to ound the deyth, and at the teturne thereof we vnderſtood bp 


in vpon the poynt of the Jlland: wherefore wee entred in with dur whole fleete the 27 of 
1 The Moores that were on the maine leeing our ſhips rive there, came from the 
mountaines to beholde vs: whom our Generali h. Francis Drake efpping, ſhemed to them a 
white flagge in coken of frienvihip,and ſent his boat ta hope with one of our men, which not long 
before had bene captine in the counttey, and partly vnderſtoode their language, to calke wich 
them. hen the boate came to (hore, the layd man went on land tu them: ko whom they e wen 
many tokens ok frtendihip, catting vp their eyes toheauen, and after looking dawne vpon the 
ground, as though they bad (woyne bp beaten and earth pꝛomiling peace, That done two ol ihm 
came abooꝛd to our General, and our man ſtaped on (hore for a pledge. 8 
Shele sue Boones, after they han made goed cheere.and reteiued certaine gits of aur Ge. 
nerall went ta againe and out man came aboopd allo, But the craftie llaues hauing vewifeo 
to bettay vs carne che next day along the ſta fine with certain camels as though ihey bad boughs 
ſome merthandize ta traffique with vs: to whom our General Cent certaint ot cus men inthe bon 


to learne what they had brought, giving charge that none of them fhould gee on land. Bus one 


M. o 


boate being ut 
immediatly tor 
ſo that we ſaw 
thereof weeb 
weighed, aud 
South chanel 
ſtandeth in 31 
number ol dou 
At Dea we 
1578, at whicl 
courſe South! 
ſtandeth in 30 
led Cantars, ff 
long with vs, t 
min. being 10 
fica, From t 
had fight of Ri 
took & carauel 
till wee arriue 
from the water 
20 degrees 30 
ze min. Che 
latitude from 
dikectly onder 
pdu are to the 3 
many degrees 
then you be dir 
Hie hzoughte i 
within the Car 
nuarie, leauing 
rall gaue them 
26 dap, when i 
0 ECaſtnoꝛthea 
kram che ſhoze 
leagues off che 
Douthweſt ag 


nuurie and lay 
lohn Winter & 
to get ſome frei 


we found one bi 
gourds, and me 
the fruite Coco 
bout z inches tl 


But we vnde 
oks. lago, take 


them fo wilde, f 


againe to our fh 
not water. 


Chen dur Ot 
dan lago the ſa 


—— 
‘inter. 


ip of Sane 
ete of his 
s Whitcof 


ip of Sang 
nto them, 
hem dou. 
e her any 
and I will 
e to your 
ie Sauiour 
ind glory, 
N.. Caube, 
him thar 
sia thae 
ny danger, 
be toss all 
ſe tor euer 


ts Drake, 


itreighe 
$77. By 


eM .Fohn Winter. raftiques,and Difcoueries, 


749 


boate being nccre the ſhoꝛe one of our men more hattic then wife lept co one; whom the Moores 
innnedlatly tooke by force, and ſetting hun on hozlebacke caried hun away into the mountaines, 

ſa that we ſaw him no more alter that time. In the meane time wee let vp a hinnelle in the illand, 
whereof wee bzaught 4 looſe out ok England: which being finithen, the latt or December wee sonre tore 
weighed, and came out of the oꝛth part of the illand, the fame way that wee came in: for the Wanne 


South chanel is dangerous, hauing but 8 foote at low water, and is full of rockes. This iſland 
ſiandech in 3x degrees! ok latitude, being one league in circuite, not inhabited; and hath infinite 
number ol doues vpon it. 


At Sea wee met with «contrary winde, fo that wee beate off and on, till che 4 of Januarie 


bought out ot 
Fngland, 
Mogador itt 3t 
Degrees and 
an patfe, 


1578, at which time a moze fauouvabie winde began to blowe at Moꝛtheaſt, and then wee fee our 


courſe Southlouthweſt, till on the 7 of Januarie wee came as high as Cape de Guer, which 


Cape de Guer in 


tandeth in zo degrees ol latitude, here our new Piunelle tooke; Spanilb fither-boates, cal: 3° degrees. 


led Cantars, From thence wee ran Soulhweſtt and Southſouthwell, carping the layd Cantars d 
long with vs till he 10 of the ſayd moneth, at which time wee lound our felues in 27 degrees 4 
min, being 10 leagues Meikſouthweſt from Cape Boyador, which licth on the maine land of A. 
fica, From thence we ran South and by UUeſt, until the 13 day at none, at which time wee 
had fight of Rio del Oro, where our Pinneſſe tooke a Poꝛtugall carauel. The 15. the Mari gold 
took a carauel about Cape de las Barbas. And thence we ran along the coat being low lande land, 


Cape Bojador in 
27 degrees. 4. 


Cape de las „ 


till wee arriued at Cape Blanco. This Cape ſheweth it felfe like the coʒner of a wall upright Cope bünes tn 


from the water, to them which come from the Mozchwardeg: where the Moꝛth pole is elcuaten 
20 degrees zomin And the Crociers being the guards of the South pole, be raiſed 9 degrees 
30 min. The caldckrociers be 4 ſtarres, repꝛelenting the koꝛme of a trolle, and be zo degrees in 
latitude from the South pole: and the loweſt ſtarte of the fayd Crocters is to be taken, when it is 
diectly vnder dhe vppermoſt; and being fo taken as many degrees as it wanteth of 30, fo many 
pdu are to the Mozthwards of the the Equinoctial: and as manp degrees as be mone then 30, lo 
manp degrees pou are to the Southwards of the Equinoctial. And ik pou finde tt to be itt 30 
then you be directly vnder the line. f 

AHithin the ſayd Cape Blanco wee tookcone ſpip moꝛe, all the men being flen away, ſaue two. 
Wie brought this thip with all the rett which wee had taken before, into our harbour, 5 leagues 

ithin the Cape, where we wathen and trimmer our ſhips, and went to {ea againe the 22 of Ja⸗ 
nuarie, leauing all the Spaniards there wich their chips, lauing one Cantar, fo; which our Gene⸗ 


20 degrees. 
30. min. 


rall gaue them the Benedict. In which courſe wee ran continually to the Souchwelt, vntill the 


26 dap when wee found the Noꝛth pole rapfen 13 degrees 15 min. hauing the winde ortheatk 
m Callnontheatt, which is common vu that coalt. Foz it doeth blow fo the mot part continuallp 
krom che {hope : and we kept the ſayd caurſe, vntill wee came necre the illand Bonauifta, within 2 
leagues off che (hone; ſo that wee haled off againe Noꝛthwelt, the ſpace ok one houre, and then ran 
Southweſt againe,till vav light che 27 of Januarie: from which time wee ran Southlouthwelt, 
vntill 3 of the clocke in the afternoone,at which time we appꝛoched neere the illand of Mayo, be: 


ing high anv billy land, lauing that the Month part of the Mann ſtretcheth out it lelle a league into Ma 


thelen erp lowe, Cite came to anker vnder the Ciel part of this illand the 28 day of Ta- 
nuarie and Raped there vntill the 30 of the fame. During which time, our General appointed M. 
lohn Winter aud 99, Thomas Doughtie,to goe ouer tothe Ealt part of the tiland with o min, 
du getſome frech victunls. And as wee marched though the illand, about che middeit thereof, 
Wwe found one houſe having a garden belonging to it, in which wee found ripe grapes, allo ripe 
fourds, and melons, in the moft dead time of our iinter.: Tee found alſo a tree which beareth 
the frulte Cocos, which is bigger then a mans head, hawing within the vtter ‘Coate, which is a⸗ 


bout; inches chicke,a certaine nut as bigge as two fits, and bath within a white ſubſtance, clea⸗ tit. 


uing kalt to the Hell, which is halle an inche thick, very plealant to taſte, aud within that a rertaine 
hollowneſſe on wopse place, wherein is tontained a pure and pleafant water in taſte, and as ſome 
chinke matuellous comfortable, As we palled through this tlann the fubabitanes kirdde into the 
mountaines, fo that we couth haue no tatke with them. e be 

But we vnderſtood by che Portugals which came with vs, chat they were but ſeruants to thole 
okt. lago, ta keepe their cattell env goats which bee very plenti full in this illand: but we found 


them ſo wilde, that we covld eske none ſauung lome pong kiddes; Whereldze wee returned backe 


W ye thinpes. The Poꝛtugels han faleen their (elles nere to the ſeu, ſo that we could 
ot Fy ir We soa Li us 


n ; a 
Chen dur General commander euery man aber ‘afterward we weighed, and ranne ouer to 
dent lago the lame night, being 10 leagues dilkant from chence: which ſeemed 9 
; ‘ Nr. 


Che ifte of 


Alpe grapes 
in Zanuarie, 
Che Cocos 


The Englith Voyages, &c. M. Fobn Winter, 


— — 
iland and well peoplen. Foz wee luwe 3 townes on the hore : wo of which l. st at bs, as wwe pat: 
ſed along. Our General made a thot at one ol them againe. And fapling along the tore, at the 
youth part 1 8 illand, wer ene ayportugal ſhippe laden with wine and other commodities, 
Chis illand hath 15 degrees in lacituve, 

ne pence tte can > outh fourhwett tothe ille of Fogo, fo called. becaufe it caſteth continuni 
ly flames of fire and fmoake out of the top thereol all the whole illand being one high mountaine, 
Two leagues Cet from the ifle of Fogo, is another illand called Braus, where the ſea is aboue 
120 fathomng derpe neere to the fone, io that we could not anker fo the Depth of the ſea, by reaſon 
whereoftwe were conttrainen to Depart without water. Here the Gtnerall dilthargen the Por 
tugals, giuing vnto them our Pinnelle which we built at Mogador: with wine, bꝛeade, and fit, 
and fo diſmilled them the firſt of Febzuarie taking one of there compante along with him, calltd 
Nome de aua Nonne: de Silua. Che a of February wee fet off from Braus, and directed our tourſe South 
ſoutheaſt running fo vntill the 9 of Febzuarp, being within 4 degrees of the Equincdtial ; at 
which time, wee bad che apne trouble with thunder and lighting, notwilhllanding calme wih 
extreme heate, and diuers times great Showers ol raine. 
The 17 day wee were right vnver the line, which is ihe molt feruent plate ol the burn: one: 
where in the middett of February we ſuſteined ſuch heat, with often thunder andlightings, chat 
qx wee did ſweate for the molt part continually, as though wee had bene in a foue, oz hote-haufe, 
Mong Hes. Mere we ſaw flying fithes in great abundance,fome afoote long ſome leſſe. Their fpnnes where, 
with they flye be as long as their bodies. They be greatly purſued by the Dolphme and Boni; 
toes, whom as foone as the flying fithes eſpie imme diatly thep mount out of the ca in great nun 
erg, and fly ag long as iheir fynnes continue moyſt: and when they bee dyp, thep fall downeinta 
Eonttinat, the ſea againe. And here is to bee noted, that after we came within 4 degrees ofthe Equinodial, 
tameteatons vntill we were fo much paſt it, no day did pafle without great ſtope of raine. 69 
mecretbe a. Fromhencc wee directen our courſe towards the Southlouthwelt vntill the 5 of Appl: at 
which time, wee had a very lweet ſmell from ihe land. The lame day at noone wee ſounded, any 
Zand in zi de found the fea to be 32 fathomes deepe, the ground being {oft vaze: and thoptlp after we had but 
du che Seuth 25 fathames being z 1 degrees and 30 min. beyond the Equinoctial, tumarde the South pole: 
ofthe Bquino- and wer had fight of che land about 3 of the clocke in the aftcrnoone the fame day. Chia land is 
baa very lowe neere the ſea; and hie mountaines vp within the countrie. 

Ftom hence we ran towardes the Souchlouthweſt, vntill the 24 of Apzill; when wee found a 
cope bent Maris little iſland, Iyiug nere the maine land of a Sant Marie, by which is the enterance into the 
ai ide Hurt tiuer ol Plate, being in 3 5 degrees of Southerlp latitude. Sri this illand wer ran 7 07 8 kagues 
Plate. along che maine, where we came to an anker vnder a Cape, which our General called Cape loy, 

Were euery thip tooke in kreſy water. Then we departed, and ran about 15 leagues towards the 
LUeſtſouthwelt, where we found a deepe bay. In the bottome of this bay is a lung rocke not far 
from the maine 3 which rocke lo bꝛeaketh the foree of the ſea, that thippes may ride commodioully 
vnder the fame fo; Southerly windeg. Wither came all aur fleete io anker, the 19 of April, and 
roade there vntill the 20 day at night. Pere wer killed ſome ſeales. And from thence wee rans 
bout 20 leagues, where we found the water very much troublen anv fret}, and wee ran in ſo karte 
that we han but 3fathomes water. Mere wee tookee in freſh water. and ranne ouer to the South: 
ward. and fell with the land which lyech on the Youth part of the riuer of Plate, the 27 day. Chis 
land lyech Southlouthweſt and Noꝛthnoztheaſt, and is ſbold 3 0) 4 leagues into the fea. Were 
.. . our fip-boat loſt our companie in the night. 5 a ; 
Frombence we ran toward the Southweſt, having much foule weather and contrary windes, 
vntill the 12 of May: and then wee founded. and had 28 fathomes, with blacke ſande and mall 
foneg, and had fight ol che land che {ane moꝛuing about ro of the clocke. This land is 37 dee 
Gere of Hope in grees inlatitude. Our Generall named this land- Cape Hope, Ilie came to anker there; about 3 
47 DOr ſeagues from the hone the lame night. The next morning our General, went to the maine in a 
boate: by meanes whereof hee had bene in great vanger, i the Marigold had not weighed, and 
ran in wich the ſhoze and la tooke vp che boate and men: fon there arolẽ ſuch foule weather, wich a 
thicke myſt and a Southeatt winde, chat they were not able to reeouce their ſhippes againe which 
rode without which were forced to weigh and ruume to fea, The Prize wrighedthe 13 at night. 
25 ran oo Goourhwards : he ober Rayen vntill the 14 in che morning and then ren tu ſta unt 
ag able to ride. Sn wigs 203 1 3 45 
In the meane time while the Marigol d rede under the hore, our Generell with ce rtaine ofhis 
men went on land. where they ſawe to naked men, ſauing thatthep ban a certaine {tune wapt 
aboul theit Cheuiners anv sobnles pon iber heades, Tam hom ow General fyewen ah zit dog, 


M. 7. 
in ſigne of ft 
himagaine,! 
they would i 
againe: but 
as Oltriches 
together, as 
wich litle ſtor 
gud then we 
with him, ſau 
Cape Hope, 
out the cape | 
leauing the d 
Hips. The 
27 of Apul) i 
that they had 
Che Blizabe 
her came in t 
on the maine, 
the countrep } 
ſet chemlelue 
uing his bow 
beads and ott 
ward approd 
daunced with 
Thep beofar 
hauing their f 
taine Ikinne 
al the ret oft 
ends hang ou 
made of reede 
uen to mirth s 
reach: for out 
with a golden 


ound ſcales b 


we watered, a 
at one houre v 

The z ok s 
Hope, where! 
degree of thes 
tothe Moꝛthn 
loft the:s z ofs 
lleet the fame! 
which Magell 
tuted that didt 
his moueth ov 
Pacagons Haut 
Wbereupona 


end to ſhew the 


“pore being but 


tee any of chem 


— F 


Vinter. 
—— 
as we paſ⸗ 
yore, at the 
mmoditics, 


mountaine. 
{cats aboue 
ta, by rtaſon 
ed the poz 
de, and ich, 
him, called 
whe Douth: 
incQial ; at 
came wih 


burn zone: 
mingg, that 
bote. boule, 
nnes where. 
e and Bont: 
great num⸗ 
Adoune inte 
Squinodial, 


Ap: at 
OUNDED, and 
r we had but 
Douth poles 
This land is 


wee found a 
mee into the 
02 S lagues 
d Cape l 2 
towards the 
tocke not far 
mmodiotilly 
of April, and 
ce wee ran a⸗ 
min ſo farte 
othe South: 
7 day. This 
he fea, ere 


ram windes, 
nde and mall 
md is 47 Dee 
here, about 3 


= 


M. Fohn W inter. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


— 


in ſigne of friend ſhip, wha with certaine gellures ol ihtir bedics and handes, ſht wed the like to 
him againe, fpcaking likewiſe and making a nople, which our men could not vnderlland, but 
they would in no cale come ueere our men, Dur General went the ne tt day to the fame place 
agalue: but hee had uo fight of the foꝛeſaid men oꝛ anp other. Powbeit hee ſound certaine foules, 


7x 


as Olttiches aud other lea foules, which the ſayd men had newly killed, and laid them on an heape onrictes am 


together, as though they had done that for our men ol purpole. 
wich litle ſtones ol diuers colours, which together with the victuals our General brought abooꝛd, 
aud then weighed, and came to lea the 15 of the layd moneth: where all the reſt of the fleet mette 
with him, laue the Prize, and the fly- boat. The 16 bap wee ran into a bay to the Southwardes of 
Cape Hope, where we roade al that night. The next moming our Generall weighed, ¢ ran with: 
nut the cape to ihe NAonthwardes, x ent the Elizabeth towards the South to looke foʒ the Prize: 
leauing the Marigold and the Canter to ſearch ik in the bay they could finde any fit harbo foz our 
Mips. The lame dap being the 14 of ay, our General met with the fly. boat (which lok vs the 
27 of Apul) and bꝛought her into laide bay. The 18 in che mowing we had wor from the ſhips, 
that they bad found a fate harbour and we weighed and ran in, the fame Dap being @ihithinvay, 
The blizabech weighed c put foꝛth again to ſea, the 20 dap, to locke foꝛ the Priae, and not finding 
her came in the next day. In the meane time our General diſcharged the fly· boat, and ran her bps 
on the mame, where we broke her vp fo üre · wood. In the meane while there came about 30 bf 
the countrey people downe to the fea five : and when they were within 100 paſes of our men, they 
{et themſelues in array very oꝛderly taſting their companie into the fozme of a ring, cuery man ha⸗ 
uing his bow and arrowes: who when they had pight a ſtalfe on the ground, with certeine glaſleg, 
beads and other trifles returned backe. Then the countrey people tame and tooke them and alter⸗ 
ward appꝛoched necrer to our men, ſhewing themſelues very plealant, inſomuch that M. Winter 
daumced with them. They were excerdinglp velighted with the found of the trumpet, and vialleg; 
They beofa meane ſtature, wel immed, and ofa dulkiſh, tawnie, oꝛ browne colour. Some ok them 
hauing their faces ſpotted with diuers colours, as red, white, and blacke. Their apparel is acere 
taine thie wherein they wrap themlelueg) not reaching fo low as to coucr their pꝛiuy members, 
ul the reſt of their bodies benaked, ſauing that they weare certaine rouleg vpon their heads, whole 
ends hang ouer their ſhoulders. Euery one beareth his bow, being an ell in length, and arrowes 


made of reeds, hauing heads, framed very ſtrangly e cunningly of a flint fone, They be much gi⸗ 


uen to mitch and iollity, and are very ſip, and ready to ſteale any thing that comes within their 
reach: fox one of them ſnatched our Generals cap from his head (as he ſtoupen) being of ſkarlet 
with a golden band : pet he would {ufter no man to hurt any of them. They eate rawe fleth, for we 


_ found ſeales bones, the raw fleſh whertokthey had gnawen with their tech like dogs. In chis bay 


we watered, and Lictualen with {eales: fop there is {uch plentie chat we flew aboue 200 in the ſpace 
at one houre vpon a litle iſland. a ak: nomad ie 1 

The z ol June we departed from thence, and being at fea we were put backe againe to Cape 
Hope, where we diſcharged our Canter and let her float in che fem Aſterward wee ran to the 30 
degter of the South pole, where wee met with the winde Southerlp, and fo turned backe agnine 
tache Noꝛthward. And as we ran along che (hore, we met with our Prize the l gol June, which we 
loft the:s z of May. Che vay following we found a harbor into the which we entred with all our 


There was allo a certaine bagge safoutes. — 


The delcripii · 
on of certain 
Sauages. 


lleet the ſame day. Chis pont is 49 degrees and an halle in latitude, und J ſuppoſe ttiu be che fame ye poit of 
which Magellan uamed Port S. julian: for we found a gybbet on an hil whereupon they were exe⸗ ln, 


tuted that did conſpire againſt Magellan, and certaine bones allo ol their dead bodies. The 22 of 
this moneth our Goner all going to Theo vpon the maine with 7928 ofbis men met with 3 ofthe 
Batagons hauing bowes and arrowes, who came neere to our mẽ making them ſigneg to depart. 


Two of 


Thercupona gentleman being there pꝛelent, and hauing a bowe and arrowes made a thot to the men flaine by 
end to ſhew them the force our bowes; with the which tor his ſtring byoke : whereupon che Pata- ib Pagen 


gons pꝛeſumev to encounter them, directing their arrowes fiett at our M. Gunner, who had a ca⸗ 


luer read bent to thot at them but it would not take fire: and as ho leuelled his peete one ol them 


pot hint though che belt and out at che backe, wherewith he fell vowne ſtarke dead. Allo the gen⸗ 
tleman that ther che arrow was ſo welded that her dyed the 2 Dap alter and with che other was 


burpedin a litle tand lying in the fain pore, Dur men left the lane man on fhore till night, and 
wherkerchtd him in a boat. In the moane time the Patsgons had fript him o all his clothes, and 
viewer his body taping his clothes wnver his head, and fo left him vntouched, ſaung that they had 
Lucke the Englich arrow in bis let eye. Thele men be of no luch feature as the Spaniardes re⸗ 


Pont, being but of the height of Engliſh men: for J haue ſeene men in England taller then J could 


lee any of them. But peraduenture the Spaniard did not thinke that any Englich men would haue 
N 1 . 2 come 


“enema — — 
72 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. Ad.fobn Winter. 


conte thither ſo ſoone to haue diſpꝛoued them in this ¢ divers others of their notorious lies: here⸗ 

he execution fore they pꝛeſumed moze boldly to abule the woꝛld. The laſt of Func P. Thomas Doughty was 
Dowie. oughtco his anfvere, was accuſed and cunulcten of certaine articles and by . Diake trimem. 
ned. He was bebeaven the 2 uf July 1678, whole body was buried in the ſald illand, neer to them 

which were flaine. Ne winteren !! pot 2 moneths during which time we had luch weather 

as is commonly in England in the v 34 of winter, o rather colder. After we had trimmer 5 our 

fhips,and made pꝛouillon of fewell and kreſh water, we departed thence with 3 Hips the 17 of Au: 

gutt about none. And the 20 of the laid moneth we {eased Cape Victorie, by the which Cape is 

Wr anner dhe wap into the Bouth fea, called The ftreights of Magellan, the furt diſcouerer thereof, CCiee 
Ai found the mouth of the ſtreights to be 5 2 degrees; Souihwardol Equinoctial, In this Mreight, 
we fond the fea to haue no {uch current as fore vo imagine / following the courte of the primum 

mobile from Eatt to e ett) but to eb and flow as oybinarilp as vps other coafts,rifing 5 fathoms 

dor pil sbbe Dpright. Che floon riſeth out of the Eaſt ocean, and frctcheth it telfe lo far into the Areights, what 
mib freight. it meeteth the flood of the South fea neere about the midst of the Mtreights, where it bendeth like 
au elboty,tending to the Attett-nopth-wett into the South Sea, whereas the Cafkpart from the 

mouth of the Areights to this elbow lpeth South welt and by Ciett, op Douth-welkto 53 ve: 

grees and j. zo leagues within the ttreights there be 3 illands. To the greateſt our general gaue 

Fay verb the name of Elizabeth: to the 2 Bartholomew, berauſe we found it on S. Bartholomew dap: the 
$.George z he named S. Georges illand. Pere we faien one dap & victuallcd our ſelues with akinveot foule 
Seeed tuhich is plencifull in that ille and whofe fleth is not farre vnlike a lat gooſe here in England: they 
Mad haue no wings, but {hort pineons which {crue their turne in ſwimming. Their color is ſore what 
blacke mixt wich white Spots under their belly, and about their necke. They walke fo vppight,that 

a karre off a man would take them to be litle childꝛen. Ar a man apꝛoch anp thing neere them, they 

rim into holes in the groum ( which be not very veepe) whereof the illand is full. Oo that to tale 
them, we had ſtaues with hookes falt to the ends, wherewith ſome of our men pulli them out and 

others being ready with cudgels did knocke them on the bead, lo they bite fo crucitie with there 

cracked bila, that none of vs was able to handle chem aliue. The land on both parts is very high: 

ape but eſpectully toward the South fea, monitrous higb hils anv craggy rocks do tralt themiciues, 
ie by whofe tops be all hoary with note, in the moneths of Augult, September, and October. Not. 
she rant. wichltanding the lower partes of the billes are replentthen and beautifien with impenetrable 
chicke woods of range and vnkno vn trees flouriſhing all he pere long. ere we made prouitl, 

cope diſtsdo pn offewel and frech water, and palled by en Deſeado into the South fea ihe Sof September, 
tube he And running along towards the Nonth· b about 7o leaguts, the winde turned directly again 
„ds wich great extremitie of foule weather, as raine, haile . ino w, and thicke fogs which tortinucd ſo 
Ait tu zy nee moße th 3 weeks, chat we could beare na falle, at which time we were ntiuen 57 degr. to the ſouth 
grees Sour pole. The 15 of September the moone was there eccliplen,¢ began to be darkned pꝛeſentiy after 
we che letting of the funne, about 6 of the clocke at night, bting then Equinoctial vernal in that corms 
trey. The (aid eccliple happened the 16 day mthe moying befoe ane ofthe clocke in England, 
which is about fixe houres pifterence,agreeing ta one quarter of the wonld, from the Meridian of 

England towards the IAeſt. Che latt of September being a very fowle night, and the feag fore 
growme; we lott the Marigold, the Generals thippe and the blizabethrunning tothe Catt- ward 

: to get che thote, whereof we bad fight, the 7 of October, falling into a very dangerous bap full of 

| qcheptooteap. rocks: and there we loft company of M. Drake the famenight. The next day very hardly cita- 
Drakes com · ping the Banger of the rocks, we put into the ſtreights againe, where we ankt red in an open bay 
bau. foy the (pace of 2 dayes and made great fiers on the ſhoꝛe tu the end that if M. Drake ſhotid come 
into the treights,bee might fine vs. After wee went into afound, where we ftapcD fon che ſpace 

of z weckes and named it The pon of lealth, for the mott part of dur men being vem liche with 

long watching wet, cold, and cuill vict did here (Od be thanked) wonderfully recoucr their health 

in ſhozt ſpace. Were we had very great muſcles (Come being 20 inches long) verppleaſant meate, 

and maup of them full of feen-pearles, 5 op 

qhebopage Ulle came outot this harbour ihe frſt of RRouember,, giving ower our voiage by SP. Winters 
gine aver, compulſion full fore againtt the mariners minds who alleged, be ftoon in diipatte as well to haue 
winds to ferue his turne fo; Peru, as allo of ꝙ. Drakes ſafetie. So we tame backe againe tinougty 

ayer retnms che iteigbta to 8. Georges Iſland, where we tooke of the foules before named. and after Departed, 
kran pen And cus thee pated bp Cape Vicbeie aut ofthe eights the x of Jouember brecting our 
of. Roneinber, courte to the Mopth⸗eaſt, til the lat of this moneth. Cibat time wee arviucd at an illand which 
bug K de dourh lyeth at the mouth of the riner of Plate. Upon ibis iſland there is luch an infinite number ofleales, 
tt ag map ſecme incredible to any man that hath not bene there, lome of him being 16 lobte long, 


— 


8 7 7 
not feaxipgt 
571% 
reliſt our mer 

hen ow 
departed the 
then we arrü 
inhabited by 
Tropic ke at 
and neuer fat 


aud tocke in 
um nb 


cloth con 
md that we 


Equinoctial 
The, 2, 


being 
alt, 


Ne od Fore ii inter. 1 rattiques,and Difcoueries, 733 
0 not fearing the pꝛetenct of men ; for che mon of aur meu were ton the (ann, fo) the Gace of 3 
byes dayes e a Pinneſle during which time i ald roms and flepe al rah 
itt ae relitt our men, then glue place unteffe moztall blowes fozte them toyerdde. 
co theme . hen our Ppinneſſe was built, we went to another (Hand, where wee did water, and afterward 
‘weather P Departed the firtt of Januaric 1 579, and ran towards the Moꝛth till the 20 of the laid moneth, and 
w op dur then we arriued a: au tend which lieth on the coatt of Brafil nere to a towue called ſant Vincent sene vincent in 
7 of Au- inhabited by the Poꝛiugals. The ſayd towne lperh 24 vegrers Mouthiwarve, almo® vnder the dam 24 
Gan | Tropic ke nt Capticonę. Orte. by reaſon of faule weather we loft our Pinnelle, and 8 men in her, er. 
of. dle and neuer ſam them fire. Pere allo cum thtp was in great danger, by the meames of a ſtroug cure u dangerous 
height, rent. which ban almott caſt vn vpon the hove before wee were aware infomuch that we were can · “Tens. 
primum trained ta auher in the open fea,and byake our cable and loſt an anker, an prelently let fad another 
fathoms anket; in weighing whereaf our men were foxe ſpoiled. JF 0p the capſtan raune about ſo violently 
ats that with the riſing of the thippe in the fea, chat it thzewe the men from the barreg,and byake out the 
ec te got op ou aber eb er tent fs fte hee hee ee 
A ce called Tanay, i Tanay a place 
190 1 eee “i es atc 2 = 
rata e we ftapen here, chere came 3 Portugals abooyd vs in a canoa, to knowe what w 
reacts would haus, oꝛ of what countrey we were, To whom our Captaine made anſwere: e 
seo foule Engtihmen, and had brought connnadities fo; chery coumtrey, if they would trafficke with vs: 
andithes | Inhereatthep greatly marueiled. Fo; they ſaide that they neuer heard of any Engliſh thip to have 
ometwhat hene m that countrep before; and lo they went to land againe, hauing one of our men with them to 
ght, that i ee the Gouernour of the tobe, and we kept one ok them for a pledge. Oboꝛtiy after 
hem they ere came another eanoa abooꝛd va with one Noꝛtugal and al the reſt maken men ol he countrey: 
at to take of hom wee had two final Oxen one pong Wogge, with rertaine hermes : allo Pame:cytrons, 
m out and limans, Manges, and other fruites of the tountrey. Foz the with dur Captaine gaue to them lin 
wich thete nen cloth combes, kniues, ad other trifles, In the meane time the Gouernour of the cowne, (ent 
very bigh: wand that we ſhould haue nothing, vulelle we would bing our ſhippe intu the hauen. Cuhertunto 
emtelus, dur Captaine would in no cafe conſent: fo all their mactiſe was tau haue gotten vs within their 
yer, Not; danger, neuertheles we came ſumewhat necte the towne with our thip,as though wee would haue 
„ccc ianeiinda 
reed, | ts ' ; e ge on land. we went to’ 
aer callep che iſie of Sant Sebaftian; where wer tooke lich. Dere the Worugalshan W 45 
dv again Walle ne of their lanes had not bene. Fon be tole rom them thetwep tos by Ggues, that above che” 
minurd ſo the Porgugals were conning with their canoas ta tale vs, as it tell out in deed: fo the next mo: 8 
1 ung ch ſbewen themſelues with 1 2.02 16 canoas,fome of them hauing o men in them, The = 
ently fice fame night cwo of our men ran away with our boat to the Poꝛtugals. And thus wee came away 
that comm: ftom thence toward our owne countrey the 17 of Puch: and had fight of the Cape al ſant Au- care sent Au- 
England, -uitine ping in 8 degrees to the Bouthward of che line. Alter that we han light ot an illand ty. Fille N 
leridian ot ung within’; degrees ol che Equinoctial, calle the ille of Fernando de Lotonha. Me craoſſen che ape ine of rer · 
elta fone Equinoctial the 13 of April, and had fight of the Moꝛth ſtarre the 19 of the ſayd pts RendodeLon 
Fath ward % Tbe 1, 2, 3,4, mj of May, wee Caplen dough the fea of Weeds, about the ſpate ol 00 pe eaot 
bap full of leagues being vuperthe Tropic ke of Cancer. Fromtubence wee Kept our courſe tamatos the Wstdes.neere 
nh clta⸗ Moꝛth. eat, vntill wee had the pole rapien 47 Degrees, The 22 of May we rame Cal Ne 
n open bay be 29 we lounden and had 70 fathomes wich white case; hauing the Nozth pole rapie z 1 Aft g n 
ond come degrecs. Che 30 of Pap twee had fight af 8. Iues on the Manch ine of Corne-walljanvthe 2 of combein De- 
t ut June 1579 r oes MAT ö e 
ficke wi f alter our manifold tr and great Dangers in hauing paſlen The ſtreights of 
herr he. Magellan into the South Sea with our Generall p. Francis Drake, — — 
ant meate, with him patune to the Southerly latitude of 57 deguees, and afterwarb palling backe by the 
5 8 the at a . 
8 nters iF : endes aud cfelkes, to whom praple, onour, and 
yell to haue n kuerAm en. Vt an eden 155. 1 5 1 
ne tough —!! Be 11 OF Dh 4d Op Ir ti Matis ee Gay) e, 
r departed. fai n n veh e ee 1 ARD CII Ir 
land which 1 * 61 a ; I. 95 wt Mariners: 
be I Mh F „ Blas MER n TN ULTA u 84 n Hag? 4, % l, IEE f : 
loole long, 5 r 
nog Rrr 3 Inſtructions 


TheEnglifh Voyages,finfirutlions for M.Fenton: 


— AEN. RE 
Inſtructions giuen by the e honourable the Lordes of the 
Counſell, to M. E Award Fenton Eſquite, ſor the order to be obferued in the 


voyage recommendedto him tor the Ea Indiesand Cathay, Aptill 9. 1382. 
ast 


Gott pou hall enter as Captaine Generall, into the charge and gouerusmenc of theſc 
hippes,viz, the Beare Gallion, the Edward Bonauenture, the Barke Francis, and the 
MeO finall Frigace o; Pinneſle. 

* 2 Item pou ſhall appotne fop che furnithing of the velTels in the whole, to che nunber 
ol 200 able perfons, actontpting in that number the Gentlemen and their men, the MPinitters, 
-Chirurgiang, Factoʒu, gt. which fayd munber is no way to be exceeded, whereof as many as map 

be to be fea-men; and (hal diſtribute the into euerp veflel,ag by abuile here belode pour going thal 
be thought meete : jppoutded that pou wall not receiue vnder pour charge and goucrnement, anp 
viſoered 0; muuiucus perſon, but that vpon knowledge had, pou fall et moout him befone pour 
departure hence, 0) by the way an ſoone as pou can conveniently auome hun, ard retetur better in 


F che moge anv better circumſpect execution, and determination in anp toaightic 
caufes tucident in his bopage, we will chat pou ſhall take vnto pou fo) alliſtunta, Captaine Haw. 
kins,captain Ward, . Nicholas Parker, M. Maddox, M. Waller, P. Euans, Randolph Shaw, 
Matthew Talboys, with whom pou ſhall conſult and conterre in all cauſes, matters, and actions 
sfimporeance,not pꝛouided to in thele inſtruttions touching this (cruice now in hann. And in all 
ſuch matters o handled, arguen, and debated, wee thinke that conuenient altvapes to be executtd, 
which pow ſhall chinke meeteſt with the allent allo ol any 4 of them, the matter haung bene deba⸗ 
ted, and lo alfenten unto, in the pꝛeſenct of pour fain aſliſtants. And in caſe that ſuch conferince 
amd debating the opinions of che afopcſad Alliſtants be founs in effect any wap to differ, chen it i 
thought meete, chat all ſuch matters fo argued vpon, thall reſt to ber put in cxecution in (uch toys 
as you thal thinke moft meettſt the affent of any 4 of them as atozefain, And if aux of cheie 
Alũaants thal die, chen the number of che one halle of che Suruiuours to iopuewich the General 

confent in all things aldzeſuid 


captaine lo 8 

4 Okall which pour allemblies anv contultations fo the matters aforelath, we thinke it verp 

conurnient, that a particular and true note ſhould be kept, ſoꝛ which caule we appoint maſier Mad- 

‘dox miniſter, ann i he thouln deteaſe, then the Generall with halfe che Alſiſtants Mouruiuours, to 

name one to keepe abooke of all ſuch matters as hall bee hꝛought in tonlultation, and of all duch 

De eee eee eee on the other : what was re⸗ 
etonſen 


folucd on, aud by t. who dillented there from, and fon what caufes. In wich book he 
‘Chall i che beging of che note of euery ſuch allemblp, ſet downe partitulariy the dap, and the 
plate, fit may be, the names ofthe perfons then pꝛeſent, and bpon what ocralion the lapd confulta. 
tion was appointev oꝛ holden, and ſhall haue to tuerp acte, the handes of the Gtner al, and of all m 
fo many of the fain Ailiſtants as will ſubſcribe: which booke the ſaid matter Maddox,o} the other 
upon his dereaſe in his place ſhall keepe ſecrete, and in good oꝛder to bee cxhibited vo 
vs, at pour returne f " bnd 

Atem te there b 
: 0} they ſhall 


pun 
V 


* 


Inftruéi 


3 
0 Iten 
Luke War 
bis charge 
Generall a 
duelv pꝛoot 

7 Item 
God to tak 
tretly ſet v 
ment, incl 
three ſeuer⸗ 
William H 
tute two fer 
the other in 
won any fi 
hee opened, 


our ol the ci 
home ol all 
what mean 


oe a 
Non · 
ol the 
ed in the 
82, 

et of thelc 
eis and the 


Inſtrutliont for A. E enton. Traffiques, & Difcoueries. 


6 Frew pou Mall not remooue Captaine William Hawkins pour lieutenant, matter Captaine 
Luke Ward pour viceadmixal, o captame of the Edward Bonauentute, no captaine Carlile from 
bis charge bp land whom we will not to refule any (uch ſeruice as ſhall be appointed to him by the 
General and the council, no; any captaine of other velle ls from iheix charges, but vpon wit caule 
piel» prooued, and by content of pour Alliſtants, oz of foure of them at the leaf, 

7 Item, for the ſucceſſion of the General, gouernour of this whole vopage , Hit ſyould pleafe 
God to take bun away, it is thought meete chat there ſyould bee the names of ſuch Gentlemen fe. 
tretly fet downe to ſucceede in his place one after the other, which are ſcutrally written in parch⸗ 
ment, included in bals ol ware, (ealen with her Maieſties ſiguet, put into two coffers locked with 
chece ſeuerall locks , whereof one key is to bee in the cuftonie of captaine Luke Ward, the other of 
William Hawkins, the third of matter Maddox the iniſter, and the fame two coffers ta bee put 
tuto two ſeuerall ſhippes, videlicet, the one coller in the Galllon, in the cuſtodie of the General, 
the other in the Edward Bonauentute in the tuſtodit of the Uiceadmtrall: the fame two coffers 
won any ſuch caſualtie of the Generals veath by confent of the Alliſtants which thall ouerliue, to 
hee opened, and the partie therein named to ſucteede in the place, who thall thercupon take vpon 
him the charge in the ſaid voiage acco wing to theſe mitructions, in ſuch fore as tf they had bene ſpo⸗ 
cially dir erted vnto him, and the reit ol the companie fo to take and repute him in euer y reſpett, as 
they will anſwer to the contrary, But ik it (hall fo fall out, (as we hope it will) that there ſhall bee 
ne ſuch neede, but that the Generall doe continue Gil, chen ſhall you at pour returne deltuer backe 
the ſayd coffers and bals of ware Cealen in ſuch (opt as they be, without opening them, vnlelle it be 
in che caſe aloꝛeſayd. f . 

8 Pow hall make a iutt and true inuentoptc iu euerp Chip and veſſell appointed for chis voyage 
of all the tackle, rmumition, and furniture belonging to chem at their ſetting foopeh hence, and of all 
the prouifions whatſdeuer, and one copie thercot᷑ vnder pour hand, and vndet the hands of pour 
Uiceadmirall and licutenant, to be deliuered to the Carle of I. eiceſter, and the other to the gottern: 
our of che companie fh them before pour Departure hence, and the like to bee done at pour returne 
home of all things then remaining in the ſayd Chips and vellels, with a tiue certificate how and bp 
what meanes any parcell of the fame ſhall haue bene ſpent 02 loft, ’ 

9 Item, pou Chall vle all viligence pollible to vepart from Southampton with pour Capo hips 
ano veſlels befoze the laſt of this pꝛeſent moneth of April, and fo goe on pour courte by Cape de 
buena Efperanca, not palling by the freight ol Magellan either going oz returning, except bpon 
great ottaſion incident, that thall bee thought otherwile good to pou, bp the adutle aud confent of 
pour ſayd Alliſtants. o foure of them at the leaſt. a ; 

10 Item you ſhall not pate to che Noztheaſl warn of the 4o degree of latitude at the Molt, but 
fhall take pour right courſe to the Nes ol the Malucos fon the better diſtouerp of the Moꝛthweſt 
paſlage, if without hinverance of pour trade, ¢ within the fame degree pou can get any knowledge 
touching that pallage, whereof you ſhall vo wel to be mquifitiue,as occation in this fopcmay ferue, 
11 Item, vou ſhall haue fpeciall regars after pour departure from the coaſt of England, fo to 
nder your courſe, as that pour Chips and veſlels loſe not one another, but kecpe companie together 

both outward and home ward. And lett ir they happen to ſeuer the one from the other by tempel on 
ther wie, it ſhall not bee amiſle that pou appoint to the Captaines and Paſters certatne places, 
wherein pou will tay ctrtaine dapes. And cuerp thip paſſing afoꝛehand, and not knowing tbat 
is become of the other thips, to leaue vpon euery Pꝛomontozie o; Cape a token fo and in light, 
with ampiting lappen in leade to veclure che day of their pallage. And ik any wiltulneſle oz neg 
gente in chis behalte (hall appeare in any perfon op perfons that hall haue charge of any of the 
chips op veffels ation, 0p if chey op anny of them ſhall boc otherwiſe then to them appertaineth, 
pou ſhall punith ſuch offenders ſharxely to the le of others, he 
12 Item, we do lraightly enioine pou, and all the reff imploped in this bopage in 
any wile, and as pou aud they will ¢ the contrarp at pour comming home by the lawes of 
this realme, that neither going, tartping abnoad, nop returning, pou doe fpople op take anp thing 
from anp of the Queenes (paiettics fries oy allies, o any Chrittians, without paying tity fo 
- thefanre noz chat pou vle any maner of violence o foyce again anp fuch, except in pour one nee 
Ernte, ifpatetall be ſet vpon op echerwetle de keꝛced fop pour owe faferrar to bo it. 
1 Neem, wee will that pou deale altogether in this vopage like goon any honelt merchants, 
traſfiqung and exchanging ware for ware; wich all courteſie to the nations pout thall veale wich, 
as well Echulks as other, and fon that cauſe pou ſhall inſtrutt all thole that fhall goe with vou, 
that whenſdener pou oz any of pou ſhall happen to come in any place to conference with the peo⸗ 
ple ol chole parts, that in all pour doings and theirs , pou aun thep fo Namen 
ND > 8 


755 


M. Cerſſſe 

on accaulon 
was not in 
this Vopags, 


The goner- 
Morr ot this 
compaue. 


Chen are in⸗ 
ſopned to go 
bp the Cape 
of Buena Eipea 
rama. 


756 


The Englith Voyages,&c, duffy uslions for M. Fenton. 


eee 


Strange 
tople to be 
youghe home. 


baue an elpeciall care to fee that reuerente and refpect biee had to the MPiniſters 


the ſayd people, as may rather procure their lriendſhip aud good liking toward you by courteſie, 
then to moue them to offence oz millikung, aud elpeclally pou (hall haue great care ol the perfor 
ance of your word and pꝛomile to them. 1 

14 Item wee will, chat by the aduile of pour Alliſtants, in plates where you and they ſhall 
thinke moft lit. vou ſettle if pou can a beginning of a further trade to ber had herealter: and trons 
(uch places doe bying ouer with pou ſome fewe mia and women ik you may and Doe allo leauge 
foine one op two, Or More, as to pou and pour Alliſtants Chall ſeeme conucnient of our nation with 
them fo) pleoges, and to learne che tongue and lecrets of the countreps , halung diligent care thag 
in delivering and taking of ho@ages, poudeliuer not perſonages of ne value then vou recciue, 
but rather delluer meane perſons vuder colour ol men ol value, as the J ela do for the moll part 
bie. Pꝛouided that pou May not longer to make continuance of further rade, thet! hall be expen: 
ent fo good exchange of the wares prefently carried with you. 

15 Item pou ſhall haue care, ano glue general warning, that no per ſon of what calling loca 
hee be, yall take vp, op keepe to hunlelle op bis pꝛiuate vſe, any ftoue, pearle, golde,filuer,o other 
Master ot commoditie to be had oz found in places where pou ſhall come, Lut hee the (aw petlou fo 
fealed of ſuch tone,pearle, golde, filuer, op other matter of commoditie, hall with all ſpeede, orfo 
foone as he can, Detect the lame, and make deliuerte thereof to pour lelfe, 02 pou C iceadmix ell, » 
Lieuetenaut, and the Factor appointen for this vopage, vpon paine of fopfetture of all the recom: 
pente be is to haue lo his ſerulce in this vopage bp ſhare oz other wile: and finther to rectiue (uch 
pumiſhment, as to poug pour AMtanta,op the moze part ol them thal feeme good, and other wiſe to 
be piuulhed here at his returne it arcoꝛ ding to the qualitic of his offence it {halbe thought needlull. 

16 Item, ik the Captaines, March emts op any other, hall haue any apparel, ie wels, chaines, 
ALINOUE, 07 any other thing whatlocucr, which map bee delired in countreps where they Call trat: 
fique ,. that it ſhall nor bee law tull for them oꝛ any of them to traſique, op ſell any thing thereof to 
theit puiuate at campt: buc the Came ſball bee prizen by the molt part of thole that (hall bee in come 
miſſion in che places where the fame may be fo required, rated at ſuch value , as it map bee reaſona· 
Diy, worth iu england, and then ſolde to the pꝛolite of the whole vopage, and to gag as in aduen: 
ture fo, thole to whom it doech appertame. 

% Item pou pour felfe (hall in theGallion keepe aue booke, andthe Factors appointed for 
che fame dippeanoiber, wherein thall bee a iult accompt kept, alwell of the marchandiſe carried 
hence, as of thofe pouthall ing home. Aud alwell at pour letting foorth,as from time to time, ag 
exchange ſhalbe made. you tall (ct your hand to their baoke, and thep theirs to vous, and the like 
onder ſhal pou fee that the Captaine and the Factoꝛs in the Edward Bonauenture ſpall vie in their 
hip, and the other Captaines and F actoꝛs in each othe: vellell. 

18 Item pou ſpall giuc ſtraight over to reſiraine, that none (hall make any charts oy deſcrip⸗ 
tions ol the layd bopage, but luch as ſhall bee deputed by pou the Generall, which layd charts aud 
deſcriptians, wee thinke mecte shat you che Geuerall (hall take into your hands at pour returne to 
this our coat of England, leauing with them no copie, and to pꝛeſent them vnto vs at pour re⸗ 
tume iche like ta be done if they finde any charts oꝛ maps in thoſe countreys. 5 

19 Atem vou ſball at your returne fo direct pour courſe, hat allche fhips vnder pour goueru⸗ 
ment may come home together, and arriue here in the riuer of Thames, if it may conueniently be. 


And wherefoener in this Realme pou, o2 any of the Hhipprs thall arrive, pou ſhall giue ſpet iall and 
Araight oder, that no perſon of what condition focucr he be, {hall vnlape, o) bring on land, o forth 


of the vellels in which he came, any part oꝛ parcel of marchandize, o) matter of commoditic bought 


in anpot the ſayd veſſels, vntill we being certified of your op heit ar riuall, all giue further oder 


and direction therein, vnder the penalties and forfeicures exppeiſed in the fifteenth article, againſt 
uch as Chall retaine anp thing to their priuate vle, as in the fayd article is further exꝑzeſſed. 


0 tem to the intent that all uch perfons as thall go wich pou in chis voyage, imap better bn: 
verſiand what they ought to vo, and what to auold, wee chinke it requifite, 
‘as otherwiſe with the Aduſe of pour Alliltants and Maſters of the (hips, 


that al well out of theſe, 
pou ſyall cauſe ſome cou⸗ 
uenient oꝛde co hee fet downe in wyitiug for their better gouermnent both at ſea and land, if they 
hall hanpeu so goe on lande any where: and the fame to bee openly read and made kuowen puto 
them, to the intent hey may vnderſtand hob to behaue themſelues, and. vpon any fault commits 


en. not to haue anp ertuſe co pretend ignopance, and {9 to auoid {uch punishment as it is requllite 
to haue miniſtred for che keeping of them in goon oꝛder 


21 Auw ta che end Bon map blelle this voyage wich beppimunmeperous e 


companie you in chia Lopage as appertaineth to their place and calling, and to (ee e 


M. E. 


cama 
as by them tha 
c the tra 
to remooue fo 

22 Proud 
ercepted,ag in 
cept in the cov 
by the Moztht 
nine and ten at 
ther captaines 
meane not by 
the third articl 

23 Item, 
Captaine Car 

24 And ih 
actompliſhme 
to the furthera 


The v. 
ton W 
and Ci 


rall in her and 
2 The E. 

Ward, and TI 
3 The Ft 
after 


* The El 
Crane (Hatter 
Wielpentt 


— el nr A Ee — — 


anton. M. Edward Fenton. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 757 


— 


courteſie, aa by them ſhall be let downe fo) refoymation ol life and maner g, duely obeytd and perfourmcd,bp 
 perforny 4 the tranſgrelldurs and contemners of the lame to be ltuerely puniſhed, and the Piniſters 

4 to remoouc ſometime from one veffell to another. N 
they Hall 22 Pꝛouided alwayes, that the whole direction and gouernment of the people, ile and imme 
aud rom txtepted, as in the fift article, and the courte of this voyage, ſhall bee wholly at pour difpoficion, ers 
allo lecue cept in the tourſe bp che Otreight ol Magellan, either outward oz homeward, and in pour paſlage 
tion with by the Moꝛthward of 4odegreesin latitude, wherein you ſhall follow directions fet downe in the 
t care that ö nine and ten articles, as alſo in the diſplacing of the ss of the EdwardBonauencure, and o- 
urccciue, * thee captatnes, wherin pou ſhall followe the order appointed in the firt artitle: Pꝛouider that wee 
Mot part J meane not by this article to derogate any thing from the authopitie of pour alliflants cRablifhen in 
veered: ⸗ the third article, oy in any other article of theſe titructions, 

ö 23 Item, in all octaſions and enterpꝛiſes that may fall out to bee vpon che lande, wee will that 
ug locuor Captaine C ile call haue the gener all and chiefe charge thereof, g M cue bps 
oz other ö 24 Aub finally wer require you and euery of pou to haue a due regard to the obſeruation and ten 
perlau fo ft ment of theſe our inttructions and of all fuch other things, as map any kind ol way tend ryis vopage, 
— 1 5 to the furtherance and benelite of this {eruice committed to pour charge, 

U, oz i 

ey The voyage intended towards China,wherein M. Edward Fens 

herwile ton was appointed General : Written by M. Lake Ward his Viceadmiral, 

needful, and Captaine of the Edward Bomanenture, begun Anno Dom, é 5 8 25 

sthaines, #6, He (econd of April J veparten with the Edward Bonauenture from Blackwalls 

hall trat⸗ 2 the 19 — — » in Nettle roade at Hampton , where J found ri: 

bereof top ding the Gallion Leicefter: and forematnine there till the firſt of Muy, wee let 

e in come faile thence in the fo one, being of vs in the whole fleete foure faite, 

e realona · 1 The Sallion ceſter of goo tunne s Admirall, whereof was General 

in aduen · Captaine F ward. on, and William Hawkins the ponger lieutenant Genes 

and Chriftopher Hall, patter, 

ph for 1 inetd 1 — 300 He Ateadmirall, thereof was Captaine Luke 

carried y omas Perrie Maſter. 

1 be 1A riaic of fotie — we 6 Captain Iohn Drake, and William Markam 

d the f ap der 

{em their 4 The Elizabeth of fiftie tunes, was Captatne Thomas Skeuington and Ralph 

rane Maſter. 

n belerips 9 — 2 by meanes partly of bulinelle partly of contrary windes, the moneth ol Pay bps 

harts aun on che coalt, and then leaning the land wee po lea, and proceeded on our vopage intended by 

teturne to che grace ok God for China: vntill the monen Auguſt following, nothing fell out much worehy 

bpout tes the —— of the woꝛlde, which is not con on to all nauigants , but about che beginning of 
N Augult afchelayd, being ſome r hat neere the. Zuinie, vpon the footing off a peece and the 

r goueru⸗ putting out ol a flag in the Admiral, A went on nd, and P. Walker, P. Shaw, H. Geffreis, our 

tcudly be. Malter p Pilot with me, where the generall couniei vag alſembled to tonlider of two potnts, vin. 

eclall and Che b elt, whether it were nerell rie to water yoclentlp on not, which was thought very nerdlid 

1503 fopth ofall men, and fo concluven. : 

ehought Thelecond, where the belt and aptett place was co water in, which was thought of the greater 

her der number to be at Sierra leona onthe coaft of Guinie, ch was allo concluded, and bp the Malter 

, againſt and Pilot? agreed to goe hence Southeatk, which becermined,twce returned abooyD, 

d. The 3 vay wee went Wouthealt and Eaſiſduthealt, till fire a clocke at night that wee ſawe the 

etter vn⸗ Lmve of G. nie, which bare Noꝛtheaſt of vs about 12 leagues off, which feene, wee ſounded, and 

of hele, Had no qrownn : then went J and our spatter and pilot aboow che Admirall , and after manp dee 

they baterents concluded to run in Montheatt bp Eat, and at eleuen at night wee came abooꝛd againe, 

„ ik cher am went all ght Noꝛtheaſt by Catt, 

nen Che gat he clocke in the fozenoone wer were within a lo Nueg of the Lande, which bare off 

— bg Kochen shiek role like a bell full of manns, ind an each ) lum: wer being perfvanen 

requiſite by dur pilots chatit was the entrance into sierra leona, went, Itheaſt untill wer were wichin 

anhalke league of the ſhoar, and had brought the South point = outhealt by Catt off vs. At ele⸗ 

2 ten lace fg tt by an not Sera Icons, wer yang our tacks abooyD, ant ftoone along 
* Tet : aid Cet larbooꝛd d. 

* F pole een een ont vpon eso ino hehe, 


758 The Englith Voyages, &c. M. Edward Fenton, 


and the Elizabeths boate with her. They found houtes of boughes, and in one of the houtes the 
tongue ok a beatt, and a bullocks tongue treſh killed; allo a lake with plentie of freſh water, and 
kreſh. water. ſiſh in it had by the fea fines they found dꝛie pomegranates, and peaſe like nuts, with 
other vnknowen kruites vnder the trees. The Elizabeth anne in, and bought the South point 
South by CAlelt of her, and ankered within Faulcon thot of the ſhoze in ſeuen fathom oaze, where 
they tooke fiſh with hookes, while hee ſtayed for the boates. 

The a all the afternoone wee ran along the coatt (which lyeth Mozthweſt and by Mozlh, and 
Southealt by South) Werk, and within a point one way oz the other, teeing the lande vnder our 
lee three oꝛ foure leagues off, and all night likewile. 

The g at thꝛee a clock in the moꝛming our Admiral thot off a peece, and at foure wee weyed any 
Thep arrlue in Went hence Moztheaſt. At fine in the mozning wee law the land along, and the Illand which wee 
ue seat * faw the night befoze, and diuers other Illands about it, E lo ran in Moztheaſt vntil we had bought 

a dur ſelues th wart of the riuer, and then ran in Ealt about fire at night, being a league within the 
riuer. Dur Admiral thot olk a peece , and there wee ankercd in eight fathemfend, Being at an: 
ker, J manned our boate and would haue gone aboozd the Admirall, but could not, ihe flood wag 
bent ſo ſtrong, and the rode halfe a mile beneath vs inthe tyde, but we had no tyde. 

The ro in the moʒning at ſiue a clocke J {ent our (hiffe with our pilot in her to find a roade, and 
a watring place: in the meane time at fire a clocke we let faile with our ſhip, and being calme wee 
towed with our boat vntill ten, and then ankered a mile ſhozt of the Watering place, After dinner 
J went on land with my ſkiffe to finde timber to fith our malte, and ſearching along the ſhoart we 
found a good watring place: and further ſeeking in the wood, which all the countrey is full of, aud 
ol diuers forts, wee found Limmon trees full of fruits : allo trees growing by the water fine with 

FTreea hung the ſtalkes hung full of oyſters and great periwinkles, and crabg amongſt them: wee found nie 
„ DHDOPRS. pomegranates with many other fruits vnknowen to vs. In the meane time our Admiral aud the 
Edward with the barkes, hauing a gale at Wiel, fet faile, and ran vp and ankered in the rode bee 
fone the accultomed watering place. 7 

Che 22 day certaine Poztugals which had bene with vs before, came down and bꝛought ſome 
other Poꝛtugals and Negros with them in a ſhippe boate, wherein they bzought us 80 mewes 
ok rice, soo and odde weight of Elephants teeth, and a Ne gro boy, which boy they gaue the Ge⸗ 
Their trafigne nerall, and the rice and teeth fo) the Elizabeth, which wee ſolde them, with all her tackle and ſalleg, 
Poing, bauing neede of the rice, becaute our meale which wee bꝛought out of England was decaped and 
naught, whereof wee had into the Edward 30 buſhels, which is a mewe and a halfe: the Francis 
had 5 bulhels, andthe Gallion had the reff, And wee had 200 weight of Elephants teeth, and 
the Gallion 3 oo and a halfe, and ſire pound. During this time we fent our thiffe with the Admt⸗ 
ralls pinneſſe vp the river to meete with a Gundall, which the Poztugals had {ent fop freth pict: 
als fox vs: who not finding her, returned at night: All this day J with M. Walker remained a⸗ 
booꝛd with the Aomirall, and after their dinner and {upper wee ended our bulineſle, and returned 

abooꝛd. hauing had many good ſpeaches with the Poztugals. f 

The 26 dap being Sunday, Captzine Hawkins, M. Maddox, M. Hall, . Banniſter, Caps 
taine Drake, 99. Euans, . Hoode, and others came abooꝛd and heard the Sermon, aud dined 
with me: after dinner wee went on ſhoare to the lower point where we followed the footing of an 
Elephant, but law him not, and lo ſpent the time to and fro till ſupper time, and then came abooꝛd, 
and lupped together, which done each man departed to his abode. 

This night I was very ſicke, (and fo were all they that were on ſhoare with mee, ) with eating 

Sickeneſſe by ok a fruite of the countrey, which wee found on trees, like nutg: thereof {ome did cate foure,fome 

Kung n Out. Aue, ſome lire, and moze. but wee bontitted ann lcoured vpon it without reaſon. 

nea, The 27 day in the afternoone the olde Greeke Franciſco came abooꝛd to me, with requett that 
hee might haue the Francis boate to goe vp for his owue boate which was not come downe „with 
whom J talked of this Countrey and Countrep-people, vntill fiue of the clocke at night that the 
flood was come, and then J went abooꝛde to the Anmivall, and got his conſent, aud ſent them⸗ 
ſelues in her: viz. Ferdinando the Poztugall Mater, and his Negro: In the meane time F ent 
foure of my men to watch in the Elizabeth all night. 

The 28 dap in the mozuing at foure a clocke J lent my hike with the Admirals pinnelle down 
to the Melt point to liſh. who came abode againe at one in the afternaone, and ought as much 
lich as all our companies could eate. a ; 

During the time that our boates were a fiching, came downe the riuer acanoa and the Poꝛ 
he Pau tugals former boate, with hennes, openges, plantans, which they prefenten the Generall and mee 
SNS helents. will: and allo the rest of the rice due to ba lor the payment of the Elizabeth, Foz the * 

whereo 


. 


— 
whereol J wi 
Wap certaine 
other vntill h 


dile appearet 


About tion ol 
The 298 


went downe 


ched the woo 
ny newly don 
kowles very! 
where wee la 
wee refrether 


I found the! 


The 20f 

7 Md 10 fath 
bour a leaguc 
wp at CMeſtla 
ternoone, the 
The 3 da 
ning that his 
gaine when tl 
caſt, and Sor 
ankered in eic 
The 120; 
ral bargained 
for 40 barrel 
him: after di 
and feene the 
Captaine Ha 
The rz in 
after I ſentb 
one of the fay 
The 15 al 

à great deale 
ſter bay, J fo 
them, Thom 
wich a crocor 
him a lande, 
kept, in whol 
carpe and ttt 
The 30m 
fozeuoone fro 
with haire an 
bout: which 
who came an 
part ok his co 
opened, and d 
und ſufficed a 
The firſtr 
twentie barre 
The 2 day 
with the Mal 
the carſey by 
ment, where 
ſelues well pi 
ok the fiſhing 
The third 
Brel till two 


— 
ent on. 
houſeg the 
bater, and 
nuts, with 
outh point 
ase, where 


oh, and 
vnder our 


weyed aud 
which wee 
AD bꝛought 
within the 
eing at an⸗ 
flood wag 


roade, and 
calme wee 
ſter dinner 
ſhoare we 
full o, aud 
r lide with 
found dzie 
all aud the 
e rode be⸗ 


ught ſome 
30 mewes 
ue the Ges 
and ſailes, 
cayed and 
he Francis 
eeth, and 
the Admi⸗ 
reſh bictu⸗ 
‘matned a⸗ 
returned 


ſte ty Caps 
and dined 
ting of an 
ie aboozd, 


ich eating 
dure ſome 


quett that 
ne, wich 
t that the 
nt them⸗ 
ne I {ene 


fic down 
tas much 


the Poꝛ · 
and mee 
artitions 
whereof 


A. Edward Fenton. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 


—ä—w— — — | 
whereot J went aboozd the Avmirall, where Joined, After vinner . Euans began to barter a- p Pons one 
Wap certaine of the chips commodities wich the Negros, without arquainting the Senerall or anp thas 


other vntill hee had done, wherc ol grewe moze woꝛdes then pꝛolte, as by the bookes of marchau⸗ 
‘pile appeareth. TU hich done J tame aboozd, and had two of the Poꝛtugals to ſupper wuh mec, 


About twn of the clocke in che moꝛning we had a Ternado, ànd much raine. 
The 29 abaut 4 a clacke in the mozning, Jin my ſkiffe, and Captaine Parker in his pinneſle, Tpep earch 


went done to the Weft point, end there wee landed with 11 men in all well furniſhed and ſear⸗ be counter, 


chen the woods, plaines and plaſheg after an Elephant, finding the haunt, footing and ſoyle of ma⸗ 
ny newly done, yet wee law none of them. Mee law hogs, goates oz fawnes, and diucrs forts of 
kowles very wilde: and hauing trauailed about 2 leagues, about noone wee returned to the point, 
where wee landed, and met our boates v hich had beene at ſea, and taken plentie of good fith : there 
wee refreſhed our ſelues with ſuch victuals as wee had, and came abaoꝛd our ſeuerall hips, where 


J found the Portugals and Ne gros, who had dined, and after ſupped abooꝛd with mee. 


The z ol September we ſet ſaile at fire ofthe clock in ihe moming, e went out Ciel betweene 
7 Md ro fathom, with a pꝛetie gale at Caſt til 8, then it waxed calme, wee being hot out of the har⸗ 
bour a league and a halfe. It continued calme this dap till one in the alternoone, and then it blewe 
vp at Meſtlouchweſt a good gale, ſo wee ſtood off Mozehnozthweſt, and Moꝛthweſt till 5 in the ake 
ternoone, then wee ankered in 12 fathom, being 6 leagues off the point CLiett by Moth. 

The 3 dap about eight a clocke in the kozenoone, the Generali came abooꝛd to mee, complai⸗ Shep rennt 
ning that his maine crolle· trees were bꝛoken, and therefore determined to goe into Sierra leona as Seale leona 
gaine when the winde blewe: at 12 at noone wee let ſaile, and went in Caltloutheaſt, and South ; 
caſt, and Southloutheaſt, being carried to the Nozthward with the flood. And at / at night wee 
ankere in eight fathom thaec leagues off the entrance, eſtnozthweſt. 

The 12 day camepowne the riuer a boate with dee aber Poztugals, with whom the Gene crarqnewity 
ral bargained, to let them haue 3 barrels of fale for 5 barrels of rice, and after that rate to exchange 1 en 
for 40 barrels, which hee acquainted mee wich: afterwards J ined among the Poztugals with ted e 
bim: after dinner J went on choare to the ouen, and to the carpenters. After J had bene on ſhoare tat bree ce 
and leene the worke there, J returned aboozd, e there {upped with mec the General, . Maddox, 20 perres, 
Captaine Hav kins, and ſeuen Portugals : after {upper each man returned to his place, e 

The rz in the alternoone, the Poztugals came againe abooꝛd me, and bꝛake their falt wich me: caine, 
after I ent by them vp the riuer in mx fhiffe 12 barrels of fale, and gaue them a bottell of wine lo 11 es 
one of the fauage Queenes. 

The 15 after dinner, the (Patter, P. Walker, and J, acconpanied with 12 other trauclley ouer per enter vy 
a great deale of ground to finde ſome cattell, but found none: and comming home thoꝛow the Oy- 10 ee the 
ſter bay, J found of my company and of the Admirals together rotting of oyllers: and going from 
them, Thomas Ruſſell one of my companie ſawe a ſtrange fifth named Vielif, which had fought 
with a crocodile, and being hurt came neere the ſhoare, where hee waded in, and by the tale dꝛew 9 rwoy vans 
him a lande, and there ſlewe him, and leut the Gencrall the hinder halfe of hun: the head. part J sulted. 
kept, in whole nole is a bone of two foot long like a lwond, wich hace and twentie pricks ok a fide, 

Hharpe aud ſtrange: The bodie wee did eate. and it was like a Sharke. 

The zo and laſt day of September the Francis cooke came abooꝛd about ſcuen a clocke in the 
forenoone from ſiſhing with mp net, and bꝛoughꝛ among other fih, a Sea calfe (as wee called it) 20 grange ach 
wich haire and lympits, and barnacles vpon him, being leuen foote Long, foure foote nme inches ax talen. 
bout: which to ſee J fent fo the General, and ſuch as pleated to come ſet it out ot the Admiral, 
who tame and bꝛought with him M. Maddox, Captaine Hawkins, Captaine Parker, and moſt 


part okhis companie, who hauing viewer the beaſt, which was ougly being altue, it being flayed, 


opened, and dꝛelled, pꝛooued an excellent, faire, and good meate, bꝛopled, rotten, ſodde and baked, 
and ſutficed all our companies for that day. 

The fie nay of October in the moming, wee tooke in to make vp our full complement of rice 
twentie barrels foz the twelue barrels ol lalt, deliueren the Poztugall Lewis Henriques betont. 

The 2 day about fire a clocke in the moꝛning, wee fet ſalle hauing little winde: che Captaine 
with the Malter, and other of their companie of the Poꝛtugals came abooyd me complaining that 
the carfep by them receiued fop the foure Negros of the Beucrall, was not ſufficient fop their pay⸗ 
ment, whereupon gaue them ſcarlet caps, and other things to their content. who finving chem: 
ieiues well pleaten, veparted away in the Gundail and we haun g little winde, got downe thwart 
of the liſhing bay, and chere came to anker about nine a clocke the fame foꝛenoone. 

The third dap about two a clocke in the morning wee fet ſaile, and went hence Douthwelt by 
Celt till two in the alternoone then being little wind: at nue wee ankerer ſixe league 8 


The En glifh Voy ages, &c. M. Edward Fenton. 


eaſt of the Southermolt part ok the land in fifteenc fathom, anv there wee rode till tight a clocke at 
night, and let faile with a ttiffe gale at Moztheaſt, which lometime blewe, and ſometime was little 
winde, and fo continued all night. N 

The fF day of Mouember in the fopencone, wee tooke in our maine ſaile to mend it: in the 
meane tune, the Admiral came vp by vs, and deftring mice wich my Maſter, and q). Blac kcoller 
to come abooꝛd to him about certaine conkerence, hee lene his boate to; vs, where by him was 
pꝛopoimded, whether it were bit for vs to ſtand on with che coaſt of Braſil ag wee did, cz elſe to 
ſtand about ſtarbooꝛv tacked to the Eaſtwards: whereupon diuers of their charts and reckonings 
were ſhewed: by ſome it appeared, wee were a hundzed and fiftenne leagues , by ſome a hundzed 
aud fiftie leagues, by ſome a hundzed and foztit leagues , and ſome a great deale further ſhoꝛt of 
Braſil, next hand Moꝛtheaſt of vs: but all agreed to bee within twentie minutes of the line, lome ta 
the Month. fome to the South of the line. 

After many debatements, it was agreed by moſt conſent to Mand on ſoz the coatt ok Brafil,, ex⸗ 
cept the wind changed and there to doe, as weather ſhould compell vs. In this conlultation wee 
had ſpeaches of courſes and places of meeting, if by milfoztune wee ſhould bee ſeparated, wherein 
was no full oꝛder concluded, but that we ſhould ſpeake euery night with the Admirall, ik wee con: 
ueniently might, and ſo to appoint our courle from time to time, ik wee lott companie, to {tay fl. 
teene dapes in the riuer of Place, and from thence to go foꝛ the ſtreights, and there to ride, and wa: 
ter, and trimme our ſhips. 

The 12 in the afternoone M. Maddox, M. Hall, M. Banniſter, aud others came abooꝛd to vie 
ſite . Walker. After a time of above with him, they returned to the gallion all againe, except 
M. Maddox, who remained with P. Walker here abaonn, 

This night P. Maddox and J, behelde many conſtellations in the firmament, and {et downe 
tertaine newe ſtarres railed to the Souhwards, All day and night wee went South, and South 
by Eaſt among. f 

The ſeuentcench day in the afternoone wee thot off theee peeces of oꝛdinante in honour of our 
Queenes Patettic, This dap after dinner came mater Maddox, and Ceptaine Drake with 
others to take their leaue ol maſter Walker, as I with all my company had done before, ſuppolng 

0 degrees ot him paſt hope ol recouerie. At koure of the clocke, finding dur {elues in nineteene degrees to the 
Sourveriplas Southwards of the line, and cleave of the ſhoalds called bp vs Powles, wee went hence Souths 
titude. ſouthweſt all night following. 

The 18 day being Sunday, after dinner the General, . Maddox, Captaine Parker, and 
many other cain abeoyd, and vilited M. Walker: which done, they dꝛanke, and departed abood 
againe. All this vay and night, we went our courſe Douthwetk by South, with a franke gale, 

The 19 day about noone, the Sun was in our Zenith, being declined to the Southwardg 21 
degrees, and 3 3 minutes, where wee found the aire kreſh and temperate, as in England in June 
when a lreſh gale of winde doeth blow in the heate of ihe day, but the eut nung, the night, and the 

Cold tutninge mozning are more freſh and colder here, then it is in England either in June oz Julie. 
ö The firk of December, about ſixe of the locke in the moꝛning, wee fawe lande on the coat o 
Braſib in the height of 28 degrees op there abouts, which bare Moꝛthweſt, and was eight leagues 
i from vs very high land. ee ſtood in with it, being much winde, and comming neere, found di⸗ 
Ders. ers Illands: and fecing tye Francis would not come roome nop tun ahead vs, wee food in with 
lands. the lope, and ſound. d in zo fathom oaze three leagues off the lande, bearing from the Wiellnorthe 
welk to the Noꝛthnozthweſt of vs, and fo Moone Hill till it choalded opverlp into ſeuen fathom, 
within a mile of a headland: chen pereciting a bꝛeach ouer dur bowe, and no hope of a good har · 
bour, in chat place, wee bare vp rome, and our Admirall after vs w hem wee halen then hee tolde 
vs hee would ſeeke harbour to leetwards, requiring me to go ahead. Then ſteing the barke was 
alterne, I hoiſed out my Chiffe, and {et her mate and ſaile, taking her ging, aud Tobias one of my 
Malters mates with mee, and ranne before the ſbippe, founding in 1 5 fathom faire ſand, leauing 
4 a lenge of rockes afea-boow of vs: fo the fhips aud the barke looffed vp vnder a headland, and an⸗ 
un kered in eight fathom, halle a mile off che lande, hauing brought the headland which lyeth in 27 
30 nuts. degrees 50 minutes Southloutheaſt off them, and the Moch land oziheaſt off them. 
f 3 Toone on with the fkiffe, hoping to linde a better harbour to let ward tice leagues , but it 
pꝛooued not fo: wherefore J returned and in my way abooꝛd J met with a rocke in ihe fea, where 
me lauded, ad killed good ope of ſowle and after I went aboow the Admirall where J prefenten 
him with fowle,and returned abooꝛd to fupper, 
In this time our boates had beene aland, and ſound wattr, ballaſte, and two derayto hoults, as 
they told me, and our men abooꝛd hooken freſh- ih. This night wee rode quietly, 9 
i e 


— ee 


M. Car 


The ſeco 
the South p 
After din 
and made th; 
Cotton, ant 
kreſh water, 
dꝛaught we | 
ſo ſmall a net 
the reſt our c 
All this v 
burned extre 
The third 
tooke vp all t 
of fone : an 
time, mp Cclfe 
one fide of ou 
After dinn 
being pat, 1 
watering pla 
the Francis li 
matt; fo that 
The ſixt d 
Southwarde 
appointed ine 
into the Fran 
to the leewar 
ed in the fea, 
ther, being re 
the clocke, we 
After we! 
with them bet 
bozd the gener 
gouernour of 
We found 
England fout 
at a towne na 
termined to ge 
and ſailers, to 
The olde f 
Poly father, | 


naſtery. 

The ſubſta 
gellan, as the) 
they had beene 
but came out o 
of purpote fog 
their barke we 
barke of 46 tt 
ming krom the 
After his {pee 
prize with caps 
boozd, where 3 

The 7 dap i 
teine articles u 
ther to the kno 
couered by the 
comming it wa 
was not detern 


bie M. Ecard Fenton. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 76¹ 
enton. 


The ſecond, being Sunday, our maſters moared our ſhips further into the bay. Me bought 2 bay. 
A clocke at the South point Bouthealt off vs, and the Pozth land Noziheaſt: and lo rid. 


was little lter Dinner captaine Parker, with mp boat, and compan, went a land, ann there placed pipes, 
5 thꝛee wels. Inthe meane tune, J accompanied with gp. Hawkins, P. Maddox, op, i 
it: in the Cotton, ano biuers of mine owne people iandedkartber within the bay, and found too riuerg of 
ackeoller freth water, and a good liching place, Pꝛeſently J lent abooꝛd for my net, with which at one 
Him wag DpAUghE we dꝛew Soo great mullets, and 5 great baſſes; the like dꝛaught was neuer leene with ee 
» Grelfe ta fofinalla net: with whic:, we went aboozd, giuing to the admirall 240, to the Francis 80, and org augh 
chouings the reſt our company ſpent, and gaue almighty God thanks foe bis great goodnelle. 
a 1 Al this white was tapt aine Parker and others gone into the land, and fired the woods; which The Ada 
er ont o urned extremelp. nien. 
ie, lome to : Tie hiro 1110 the mozning our carpenter calked without boo zd, and the maller and others 
1 tooke vp all the merchandize in the ſtearne ſheets to the keele, and there put downe a boats loding 
Brafil, ets of fone : annfeeing the merchandise well conditioned , towed the lame againe, In the meane 
tion. wee time my lelfe and others in our boats, {craped off the wozmes, and Wathen the rudder, and part ol 
„ wherein one fide of our ſhip. 
kee cons After dinner, the master, pilot, and J, went athore, and obferued the Sunne at noone, which 
to ſtay fl. : being pat, with our net we dꝛew plenty of diners lots of liches, and went from that bay to the 
e and wa⸗ f watering place: from thence, aboozd the generall, which had taken phylicke, and gaue them and 
4 ö the Francis ſiſh fo2 their companies, and fo went aboozd, where our company had romaged afore: 
3030 to be matt ; fo that this afternoone we tooke in two boats moye lading of ttones afore matt, 
e, except The fire day in the moꝛning, before fire of the clocke, we law alalle which went towards the 1 fle bent 
Southwards, the admivall not hauing knowlevge thercof. J went aboozd, and certifien him who and taken, 
ſetdowne appointed me to goe andbying ber in, and to take captaine Parker and fome ofthe gallions meu 
d South into the Francis end the avmitaleChitfe with vs : fo we gaue her chale, and tooke her fie leagues 
to the leewards of the place we rode in. Then not being able to ketch the rode againe, we ankers 
out of ous coin the les. J intending to come atway in the pinneſſe, and leaue the Francis, and the prise toge⸗ 
rake with ther, being ready to depart, the winde blew at South a Mout gale, and raine; lo that about fire ot 
fuppoting the clocke, we ankered in the rode, where our ſhips rid. 
tees to the Akter we had taken tbem, and that taptaine Parker and J were abso , we had much talke 
e Souths with them betoze they came to the hips; and being ankered there, che chieke men were caried a⸗ 
boyd the general, which was a gentleman, named Bon Franciſco de Torre Vedra, nephew to the 
tker, and gouernour ok the riuer ol Plate, named Don Iohn de Torte Vedra. 
ted abooy Me found and Cnglithrran, named Richard Career bogne in Limehoufe, who had bene out of Richard Cert 
e gale, England foure and twenty peres, and hath bene nere twelue peres dwelling inthe riuer of Plate, taken kü 
wards 21 at atowne named Aſcenſion, thzee hundzed leagues vp inthe riuer, tabither they were now de⸗ gnise, 
id in June terminen co go inhabit, bauing tivo women, and ttvo pong chilozen, Ceuen fiers, the rect bopes, 
andthe = any failers,¢o thenumber of one and twenty perfong, „„ Basie 
The olde frier was had in great reuerence among the reſt: inſomuch that they called him the guise. 
e WDolp father, He was abiding iano place; but as bifttour he went Hitting from monattery tomo: 
naſtery. ; 
, {ound bis The fubtance of all the ſpeeches was, that the Spanith fleet was befoze the ſtreigbts of Ma- 
ain und gellan, ag they thought ko they were departed lite weekspatt fromthe riuer ok lenero, where 
Uellnozih⸗ they had beene leuen monethe eo rekreſh and Minter, and that theſe were not of that company, 
n 19 m, but came out of Spaine the 26 of Pay 1582 ing barke of fourefcore tun, and fourefeoge perlons, 
good 2 5 of purpole for the riuer ol Plate. The kriers bring eighteene in number, could not agree, and 
nbce tolbe their barke was a ground at Spirito ſanto like to be loſt : therefore the old frier bought this mall 
varke Ls barke ok 46 tun, at a pozt named Spiritofanto, in Brafill; and Co diuided themfelues : and conte 
ee mung From thence tot company at lea: but they thought they were before atthe river of Plate. 
1 Ieauing After bis ipeeches , Apent and appointed (bp the generals oder) men to remaine aboorn the 
d. und as prise with capt aine Parker, and bꝛought one of the Boztugals ſailes away with me, and came a⸗ 
bethin 27 boy, where J found that our men had Alten water all day. 
but it Che 7 day in the moꝛning the generallſent fo me; where he ſhewed me and M. Maddox rere 
1 "where teine articles which the friers and mariners Spaniards were eramtinenof; which tended altoge⸗ 
— — cher othe knowledge of the parity feetsintent, andofthe meanes whereby we might be dil⸗ 
preter Coucred bp the wap of the riuer of Plate by landto Peru. In this time came the ret: alter whole 
houtts, as comming it was debated, whether it were beſt to take the boat ¢ people with vs oz not. Mhich 
a. 


was not determined; but referred till kurther examination. 
Che 77 Then 


762 


TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, AMA. Edw. Fenton. 


he Spani 
bart eal 


Chen was it determined to palle bp the ſtreights, not withſtanding the Spantards were there, 
but not to let vp koꝛge, noz to build pinneſſe, but water, and fo thozow. 

Che eight dap afore noone M. Walker and J went aboo zd the admivall to dinner, where was 
determined to difcharge the Spanith barke, named Our lady of picy, and allthe men, ertept Ri- 
chard Carter the Engliſh man, and Iohn Pinto a Poꝛtugall, which dwelled at the riuer of Plate, 
After dinner, the generall appointed mee and captaine Hawkins to ſee them all Cet abo their 
ſbip, and to receiue from them certeine neceflaries, which willingly they imparted with bs, and to 
leaue them fatiffied, Tibich done, J returned abo . 

The 9 day, being Dundap, in the mozning, Alent P. Shaw and , Geffries aboor the admi⸗ 
rall, ta perule the Spaniards letters; wherein they found the ellate of the fleet which was inthe 
ſtreights ol Magellan, as by the note thereof appeareth. 

About ten ok the locke the generall, . Maddox, captaine Hawkins, and captaine Parker, 
came abooꝛd of me. The generall began to repꝛooue mp quarter maſter for grudging of victuall 
foꝛ the Francis. NAhich was anlwered: and he well latiſſied. Chen lent J for the olde lrier and 
Don Francifco; who all bined with me: and after dinner, the Spaniards hauing ceceiued the ca. 
noa, which was ſuncke, aland, and tones to balla them, which my boat ceried them, and ellother 
things to their liking and content, they departed from me. The general allo departed, and his 
company, who being gone, J diuided the ſugar and ginger among mp people, which the Spani⸗ 
ards gaue vs: and after ſpentthe vay in oꝛdinary bulinelle. 

The 10 day in the moꝛning, our Chitfe went a ching, wherof we eat as much to ſupper as ers 
ued the company: the reſt we lalte fog Coxe, and to pꝛoue it they would take ſalt oꝛ not. 

The rz dap, betimes in the moming , ourfkiffe went againe to fich, and tooke great plentie, 
About ſeuen ok the clocke J went gland, taking with me the matter, and others ok our belt men,to 
the number of 22 perſons, c trauellev to the place where our people before had found many great 
iars ok earth, and Decapen habitations of the Indians, and trees, being dead and withered ollweer 
wood. From that place we ſawouer the tops of a narrow wood a faire plaine, which at the re⸗ 
quettofthe matter and the reſt, A went i ich them to lee. e paſled thoꝛow a thicke and perillous 
wood, befoze we came to the ſuppoled plaine: and when we came to it, we found the lower part 
thereok higher then any ol our heads, and fo molly vnder foot, that we flipped to the knees many 
ſieps, which ſo wearied vs, that fox my part, J was very ſicke, and fo haſted aboo zd, leauing the 
matter with 15 men, which cut a tree of lweet wood, and bꝛought many pieces thereof abooyd, 

About z alternoone, . Walker and many ol out men being aſhoze the winde came faire, and 
we layed outa warpe to the Noztheaſt, and began to winde ahead. Akter we layed out another 
warpe witha bend, and wound to the plat, and fo rid by it with one anker all night. 


ber lean be The 12 day about fine a clocke in the mozning, we let laile, and as we ran out betwixt the ledge 
eres und ok rocks and the maine, in eight fanom water. aa we were cating out anker, the cattrope, lopper, 
. 20 min. 


es and 


and all brake; ſo that we were glad eo let flip all the cable, and ca off our boat and Thiffeto wer 
the ſame. After we had ſtood out a good wap, the admirall was vnder ſaile: then calt we about 
and went roome with the admirall which weaued vs, who ſent in his pinneſle and the Francis to 
belpe out our boats; lo by the helpe of the anmirals pinneſle, with her laile, we had our boatthe 
ſooner, and about 12 a clocke at noone had taken in the anner, cable. our long boat, ckiffe c all, and 
put out all our failesbearing after the admirall, which went hence South by eat, About lire n 
tlocke at night, being thicke weather, we Lott fight ofthe land, being foure leagues of op theres 
bout. All night it was but little winde: pet went we our courſe South by welt. 

The 13 Dap about ſeuen afore noon, the wind blew at Southlauthe alt, e was very foggy with 
which yale we Hood inlarbooy tacked let, till ten a clocke the fame forenoone, Then had we 
ſigbt of the land ahead, all along (oz it wared cleere weather) it ſheweth a farre off like white 
cliffes, but is all landy hilles, and bapes along the lea ide. At one a tlocke after noone we were 
in 16 kadome water, and within halfe a league ofthe ſhoze, where we ſaw feuerall fires made by 
the Andians to giue warning to he other people within the land, as we ſuppolev. Then we cat 
about, and toon off Southe alt by eat till midnight, that the winde came large: then went we our 
courfe South by well till next moꝛning. : 

The 14 dap we went our courte South by welt, hauing Lightof the land at ire aclocke in the 
monning about leuen lesgues off: and fo went till fire at night, that wee ſaw Landagaine ſeuen 
leagues ok Melt, end the winde ſhilted tothe Bouth. Then we catt abort and ſtood off Eat · 
ſoutheaſt at leuen at night kor a while : then came vp the winde at Moꝛthweſt, and blew agood, 

The 15 day in the moming, the avmivall was ahead, as fatre as we could almolt {ee her, hp 
whole dekault A knots rot; and being little tuinde, we could not get to her till foure ol the rh 


M.E&dy 


after noone : 
till fire at ni 
ded in 23 far 
went South 
the morning 
The 2085 

the maſter, tl 
Upon our cot 
pined , the g 
two Demann 
The effer 
1 Qhe 
not; confide 
determinatic 
neceſlarp but 
2 Ik th 
Co the fir 
captaine Dr⸗ 
likeſt places 
Their opinic 
wont vſuallp 
the ſtreights 
did not anno 
ſters demand 
Then che 
authozity firt 
hands, he too 
hen w 
his determin 
ed any furth. 
Foꝛ the bi 
vs, Richard 
ſtap foure m 
feuenleagui 
might from 
toS. Vincen 
uenientlyhat 
Mith tht 
pꝛeſently ba 
Eaſtſouthea 
The 21d; 

of S. Vincent 
ceed, but reti 
then we wen 
ſouthe alt, ant 
The 22 de 
the beginnin: 
The 25 

it blew a fred 
leſſe wind: y 
wef, till mid 
Doutheaſt b 
gaine, and pꝛ 
the night. T 
8 Will 
e170; 

fhifte, and ro 
abooꝛd the ſhe 


— eenin4 


Fenton, 


— 


were there, 


where was 
except Ri- 
uer of Plate. 
abooꝛd their 
th vs, and to 


20 the aomi⸗ 
h was in the 


nine Parker, 
ok victuall 
ide ſrier and 
eiued theca. 
and allother 
ted, and his 
the Spani⸗ 


upper as ſer⸗ 
ot, 

teat plentie, 
r beſt men, to 
many great 
red, oll weer 
ich at the re⸗ 
and perillous 
e loweſt part 
knees many 
, leauing the 
of aboozd. 
me faire, and 
d out another 


vixt the ledge 
rope, llopper, 
ckiffe ta wey 
alt we about 
he Francis to 
Dour boat the 
tiffe k all, and 
About fire a 
off 02 theres · 


foggy with 
Then had we 
ff like white 
one we were 
fires made by 
Then we cat 
went we our 


clocke in the 
againe ſeuen 
toon off Eat · 
blewagood. 
ot (ee her, hp 
ok the clocke 
alter 


M. Edward Fenton. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


alter noone: then we hayled her, and ſtood in betweene the Southlouthweſt and the Southwert 
till fire at night, thae the winde was variable, and foule weather. Then we taſt about, and loun⸗ 
ded in 23 fadome foft oaze, and Rood off a while Noztheaſt: and pꝛeſently taſt about agatne, and 
went South by Eaſt larboozd tacked, and Houthlouthealt among all night: finding at foure in 
the mozning 15 fadome land. N 
The 20 dap, about ten a clocke afore nooue, we went abooꝛd the admirall; viz. . Walker, 
the malter, the pilot, the two merchants, and my ſelfe, being directed ſo to doe by the General. 
Upon our comming the generall was going to dinner, where wee allo dined with him. Pauing 
bined , the general called vs his aſſiſtants into his cabbin, and there velluered to vs in waiting 
two demanna, to be by vs confinered vpon, and he to haue our opinions therein. . 
The effects of the demands were theſe. 
1 Uthecherit was belt foz vs to aduenture our ſe lues to palle the ſireights of Magellan o2 
not; conſidering the fozte of the enemy, which we knew to be there before vs: and allo that our 
determination was there to let vp our pinneſle make pron boops, carene our ſhips, and do all our 
neceſſary buſineſles for the full accompliſhment of our voyage. 
2 If that courſe wete not thougbt belt, which way were meetel fo) vs to take. 
Co the frſt we were of opinion, that it were good to heate the opinions of captaine Hawkins, 
captaine Drake, and the two pilots, which had palled the ſtreights, and knew the harbours, and 
liked places to be foꝛtilied, and inhabited oz not, who were called, ¢ the thyee maſters with them. 
Their opinions were as diuers as their names; ¢ as much differed, as bekoze this time they were 
wont vſually to doe: onelp they all agreed in this one point, that it was impollible foz us to paſſe 
the ſtreights without ſeeing, and incountring with the ſhips, although the foptification of the and 
did not annoy vs: which being long and tho zowly debated, and their opinions with the thꝛee mas 
ſters demanded, which accozded not (cant any one with other, they were difmitten, 
Then che generall receiued the opinions ok vs his alliſtauts, beginning with the poongeſt in 
authozity Art: which when he had heard them all ouer, and being ſet downe in writing vnder our 
hands, he tooke deliberation till after ſupper to giue his determination. a 
hen we had all ſupped, then he lent fo vs downe into his cabin, and deliuered in writing 
bis determination, (which was) co victuall. and furniſh our ſelues on this coat, bekoze he proceeds 
ed any further; and named two places, The riuer of Plate, oz S. Vincent, to be cholen. f 
For the better veciphering of the riuer of Plate, e the commodities thereok, was called befoze Richard Carter 
ba, feichard Carter, which doth bwell there; who could not allure vs ok any wo ne, except we could Nba des de 
ſtap foure moneths fo2 it: but other victuals plenty. Che riuer is ſhoale and dangerous, the road the putze, cart 
ſeuen leagues from any towne, oz place of commodity: which conlidered, withthe trecherpthat tem s with 
might krom thence be vſed, into the ſtreighes by ſea, and into Peru by land, we all concluded to go 
to S. Vincent, which place is inhabited with Poꝛtugals, and where in honeſt fort we might cons : 
ueniently haue all our bulineſſe done. 5 
Mith this relolution we tooke our leaues about eight a clocke at night, e being tome abo zd, Ther return 
prelentiy bare vp, aud went roome, hauing all the vay befoze beat bu the winde larboozd-tacked di 1 aa 
Caltloutheaſt till at night: after it was a little winde all night, we went JRorth next hand. 
Che 21 day, after ſeruite, J declared vnto my company the intent ok our returne to the pare 
of S. Vincent, where with they were well latiſlied, being before Doubtful that we ſhould not pꝛo⸗ 
Cred, bit returne without perfozmance of our voyage. It continued calme all dap till ſix at night, 
then we went Nozthweſt by welt till eight at night, and then we caſt about, and food off E atte 
ſouthe alt, and Eaſt by ſouth all night with a good gale, 5 
The 2a dap in the moꝛning we milled ihe Francis which by all pꝛeſumption went roome in 1obn Drakein 
che beginning of the night, Fea tte 
The 25 dap, being Chpitmatle vap, it was little winde in the forenoone till ten a clocke; then Hey bere 
lt blew a fret gale, with which wee went our courte Nozthnoztheaſt. In the afternoone it was dad away but 
lelle wind: yet went we our courle Moꝛth by eaſt, and Noꝛthnoꝛztheaſt, and Mozth, and Noꝛth by 1 01 . 0 7 
well, till midnight. Then being in ſhoaled water, wee catt about, and lay Southloutheaſt, and 1s monethe as 
Douthealt bp ſoutb, anhoure ; and ſeeing our admirall tame not after vs, we call about backe a- pl Ma ad 
gaine, and pꝛeſently met him: fo we went both together next hand Douthloutheaſt all the ret of 
the night. This afternoone we ſaw the lkimol liches lo thicke in the lea that it ſeemed a water Inantte nur: 
troudied With trampling of hozles; which was thicke, and flump : fo we had taken vp ſome of it. ber of ich. 
The 17 dap of January, about leuen à clocke, the maſter, M. Blaccoller, and J went in our 
fhifte, and towed, and ſounded round about an ile, and found 16 fadoms within a ſtones caſt hard 
sboozd the ſhoze, and faire ground: after we landed, 77 found nothing but woods and buſhes, 
S/ 2 and 


— 0 


98 (mall iſland 
which our mẽ 
~~ Faulcon 


arrtuniſl 
at 3. Vincent. 


and ſtrange wozmes: we ſaw a faulcon and one uther (mail bird, and therefoze named it Faulcon 
ile: ft is a mile about, with a rocke on the Catt five, which lieth clole to te, and it is in fight with⸗ 
out danger. Alter we came aboo pd, and dined; at two a clocke we fet ſalle wich winde South 
eaſt, and ran in Noztheaſt a while, till the winde (canted: chen we went in Monthnoztheatt, till we 
were in ſeuen kadome and a halle of water, within aleague of ſhoze: then we caſt about, and ſlood 
olf Douthfoucheat all night, till fire a clocke the next moyning. 

The : d day about thyee a locke, afore dap, we {atv our admirall againe, and kept her compa 

any till day. 3 
: Che 1 r being atthe aleagueof the Citron ile, about eight a clocke afore noone, we went 
abooꝛd the general, vx. M. Walker, the maſter, the pilot, and my ſe lle, reiuyting of our good mec. 
ting, who tolde me of their euill road, where they loft an anker, a table, and a haulſer, and how the 
dap beloze, their pinneſle was aſhohe on the fame iland, and found fowle, and water there, whither 
note they bad Cent their boat and pinne le fox moze water, where A know they bad {mall toe, 

A alla aking captaine Parker, the maſter, and M. Wilks with me, went athoze, and trauellen 
to the top ok the ile, which is wooded, and high gralſe, bur euill water, and liste on tt, but yoong 
fowle plenty, and dangerous comming to them. By this time (J bauing let the illes, and heaps 
lands about in fight witha compalle) came a mall gale at Southlouthe alt; then our admirallſhot 
off a piece foꝛ the boats anv hence J went, and dinen abooꝛo with bim. and came after abooꝛd, and 

went in Nonthnoꝛtheaſt and Noptheaſt till mo ming: at which time wee were within aleagueot 
the ille, entring before 8. Vincent, but knew not haw much water was vpon the barre to go out. 
Che 20 dap in the morning, being calme, the generals pinneſſe came in to the ſhoze, with intent 


hes canon of to found the entrance, but ſeeing three canoas, with ech at the leaſt twentymen, whereof the grea · 
Nat. > cer part were naked Indians, which rote cherelk Pogtugalssthep returned abochd again, Che 


A caſlle. 


A emos with : 
Cen unten Genouois, the other a Portugal ; who came aboopd, and there receiuen a lmall banker,veclaring 


and two hit 
thans,where- 


canoas came with a flag of trute within, calling of our ſhip, and we ſhewed them the like, afking 
what we were, and of what nation: at length one Poꝛtugall went abooꝛd che admirall, by whom 
the general ſent a letter to the gouernour, crauing a pilot to bing in our thip ok courteſie, and to 
haue traffique. About noane, hauing the winde at South, we bare in Nozthweſt, and ſoto the 
Roptheatt,as the thanell trended: but comming into ſeuen kadome water, we ankered, vntill our 
boats had ſounded the barre, During which time, J went aboord the admirall, to conferre wich 
him about our proceedings. 

Alter A bad ſtayed a while abooꝛd the admirall, the generall came abooꝛd with me, where we 
publiſhed onto all my company verp good rules for their behauiour and pꝛoftt, to their great ſatil⸗ 
faction : after he went downe into my cabbin, where with all his alliſtants he conferred of diners 
particulars oł our voyage: by which time the boat being returned from ſounding, we departed, 
and Cet faile , following our Chiffes, and with our ſhips got within the barre into ſeuen kadome: 
then being becalmev, we ankered againe befoze a landy bay, wherein ſlands acaltle and houſes: 
we rid within muſket hot of it: and ankered about foure a clocke afternoone. 

Then went J kozwards wich my ſkiffe vnto a further point, founding along. Before my re⸗ 
turne, the generall had ſent for me to lupper; and thither J went: but being ready to lit downe, 
there came gut to vs a canoa, wherein were ten Indians and two Chziſtians; the one an ancient 


their comming was to vnderſtand our intents, and what we ſought: who being ſatil lied, departed 


ofone wasn with a farewell of three great pieces from ech thip. 


Tobn Whithall 


The 2 ĩ dap about three a clocke afternoone,came a canoa, with the old Genouois named lo- 


an €nguthina ſeph Dory, a Fleming named Paul Badeues, and Steuen Repoſe a Poptugall, and bꝛought a let 
uu d ene, ter from the gouernog, and witball, anſwere of feare and doubts of pst. After many (peeches 


DAH married 
ties 


and requetts, a banket was made them, and the generall in his pinnelle with bis muficke, k trum 
pets; and I in my chiſfe with trumpets, dzum and ſife, and taboz and pipe, accompanied them a 
mile vp the riuer: at going off, we laluted them with a volley of thꝛee great pieces out of ech ſbip: 
and after vs came captaine Parker with the admirals long boat, and certeine thot in the lame, to 
attend en the generall. a 

Che 22 dap betimez in the moyning, J went aboo zd the admtrall to conferre about the fending 
of ſome toben and prefent to the gouernoꝛ, which was bp all the aſſiſtants determined to ſend him 
three pars of fine kkarler, « tine pards of fine murry· cloth and to Ioſeph Dory the old Geno- 
uois,Steuen Repoſe the Portugail, and to Paul Badeues the Fleming, ech of them chꝛee pars of 
fine blacke tloth, which our merchants went vp to Santos withall in the admirals Chiffe , about 
nine a clocke afozenoone, N 

Allo this koenoone, we being minded to goe vp higher with our thips into harbour, A gs 


Mes 


them to gor 
found thep! 
termination 

About th 
at the town 


the generall 
pinng, and b 
Vincent, an 
againe with 

The 231 
to be mende 
to take ozder 
wich all thet 
litteſt roome 
to trim our v 

Che 245 
whom A fen 
is maried her 
woꝛd to the 


tolde vs that 
vs in the mea 
liſhing, and! 
Akter this ant 
ting in the cal 
ants, wherh 
do go vp with: 
Mbereun 
was, that we! 
Oecondlp 
ters in this vo 
ling might be 
Lally, tha 
lity to haue wi 
Deerenpor 
three cloake-c 
one, which we 
after noone. 
About four: 
point, which 0 
lending from o 
take vs: and h 
buſie on land, 
what he meant 
trumpets and t 
the viceadmira 
main. top, ands 
they let flip chet 


4 


— 


— ———— es — — ——ͤ: — 
“enton, M.&dward Fenton. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 765 
lt Faulcon eim to goe viel che place , and found the roav before we went vp; which we did : where were 
fight with⸗ * theplase both Sai er and the road woozle: and fo we returned, and left the Grit de⸗ 
de Bout: termination. Chis day we tooke downe our main- tops, and top · mali, and all the fhrowds, 
eat, till we About two a clocke after none our merchants returned wich their pꝛeſents, not hauing beene 
c, and Roop at the cowne, becauſe Steuen Repoſe by the way met ihem onthe riugr, and aduiſed them to top 

3 vntill there bad beene wopd fent £0 che gouernour, who was niwulling to ſpeake with them pet, 
bercumpa | but horely would fend their anlwere. a 

The reſt ol this foxenoone we (pent in communication about the appointing of a purſer fos the 
ie, we went Edward. Alſo we fignen an aſſent fo comming tothis place: about ‘hich thing grew foule fpees 
Hood meee ches betweene the generall and his lieutenant, after the olde cumtome, 
nd bow the Then went wee tofupper : and being at ſupper, certaine Indians came aboozd, at bꝛought Che Indians 
Te,whicher | the general aftrange crotv,and potatos anb {ugar canes, to whom he gaue looking glaſſes, great vetents. 
ll oye, Bs pinng, and biſcuit: and ſo we departed, being late. Alſo this afternoone J ran ouer tawards 8. . 
otrauellen Vincent, and founded the bay a league ouer, and found the chanell and flats, aud returned aboozd ved. 
but yoong againe wit hin two houres, hauing a good wale of winde. ; 
„ and beans Che 23 day our ſkiffe went athoretofith, and tooke prety ſtoze: we ſent our main-top aſhoze 
See to be mended, and many of our men to wath their clothes; allo J went my ſelfe wich them gland, 
U and 3 


to take oder that no man ſyould any wapes offend the Indians. In the meane time the general 
aleagucot = . weich all the ret or the chiefett gentlemen came athoe,and viewed the place, and appointed out the Portadte . 
| : littelt roome to fet vp our ſmithes forge, andouens to bake our bilcult, and place fo, our coopers nens to bake 
«lp to trim our water cafke, in 


Che 24 Dap at foure of the clocke, befoze day, we heard one tall fora boat on the Nozch ſpoze, to 
gain. The whom A (ene my ckiffe, who brought abooꝛd one named lohn Whithall, an Engliſh man, which Toba Whithall, 
tke, is maried here in this place, and with him two of his Indians; whom Jenterteined vntill J lent 
eee wond to the generall to prepare himſelke to reteiue him: in which time he and q talked of many 
5 F all particulars, 
nd ſotothe by ae locke J conueped him abooꝛd the admirall: there he viſcouered vnto vs what had Sapo 8 
5 bntil our bene done at the towne, asfopcification, and fending their wines away, ec. aduiling vs to receiue enguthman 
nere wu no moze delapes, vat to come bp prefentip befoʒe the towne with our thips, giuen ta ou 
About ten a clocke came a canoa, and bought downe Ioſeph Dory and Steuen Repoſe, who 
uhere we kolde vs that on Saturdapthe gouernour would meet our generall, and talke with him, pꝛaping 
great lat. bs inthemeane time to vle our ozvinarp buſineſſe of cooperage, carpenters wozke, filling water, 
uk dluern kiching and walhing, ar. but not to let vp forge, nog ouen, vntill ſpeech had with the gouernour. 
e depattedz Alter this anl were, we dined together aboorn she gallfon : after dinner we left the mellengera {ite 
mfadome: ting inthe cabbin, and went pon the poope; where the general demanded the aduite of bis alli 
nd houfe : Hants whether it were not belt to Ray thele men while we had them oz not, o whether it were beit 
} do go bp wich our thipsto the towne oz no, i 
fore mip tee Bibereunto ech man pauled to make anfwere : wherefore J deliuered mp opinion; which 
rf downe⸗ was, that we were foꝛbidden to vſe violence to any nation fo2 trade. a 
an antient _ Secondly, J conlldered that diners of our nation, woꝛchipfull merchants, and now aduentu⸗ . 
cdetlaring rers in this voyage, had let out the Minion hither, and begun a trade, which with our keycible des kme n bn 
d, departed ling might be ſpoiled, and our nation brought in hatred, ; cancel 
Wally, that with force we were not like to atteine ſomuch tommodity, as we were in pollibi⸗ 
named o. ix to hane with courteſie. 
aught alete Deereupon all was contluded, and they luffered to Palle awap: to whom the generallgaue the 
y lpeeches thee cloake · clothes, to Ioſeph Dory, to Paul Baudeueſe, and to Steuen Repoſe, to echoł them 
oh eats one, Which were before cut out for them: and fo kriendlx we and they departed about two a clocke 
. f after noone, 
of ech (hip s About foure ofthe clockethis afternoone we lawthzee faite of thips come bearing in about the Thee Spas 
elune tO boing, which alloane as they fata Dé, ankered bnontbe barre, and put ebemfelues in veapinette, ™b tows bie 
fending from one thip to another with their boats, and blowing off their opvinance , meaning to 
he fending take vs: and we beforenight, getting our men and other necellaries from thethoze, which were 
ofend him bufle on land, armed our thipstanefendour ſelues. Then went J aboo w the abmirall to know 
old Geno. bat he meant to do: who determined to fee bis watch in twarlike ſoztʒ and fo he did: fop alter the 
ee pats of crumpets and brunt bad founded, be thot offa great piete, as they befove bad none; and pefentip 
ile, about the biceavmirall thot at me, whom A antweren with another, and ſo tealed, Me then let vp our 
main. top, and top. malt, rigged before eleuen of the clocke the lame night. In the meane while 
„A avuifen they let lip cher anker and cables, and came dziuing and towing with their boats in vpon bs, 
them 1 5 n 86A meaning 


766 


Che fight be. 
aig 5 
00 (hive at 
8. Vincent. 


Spe Prete 
tolde the Ges 
nerall p thers 


were and 
adde in the 3 
Spaniſh 


Bo 


ere the gait: 
Sat tie 
ward Ronauen- 


cure were ſeus · 


The Engliſn Voyages, &c. M. Edward Fenton. 


meaning to haue boopded vs: and being neere our admirall, he halled them; who refulen to tell at 
whente they were, thinking by ſpending of time to get aboo dd ol bim: to whom A called Mili to 
beware, and to ſhoot at them in time. At length he let flie at them, pet was glad to let an anker 
and cable flip to auoid them: then came they all oꝛiuing vowne thwart my haulſe, fothat J was 
faine to let {itp an anker and cable to ſhun the gallion, All this while the opdinance and ſmall thor 
plied of all parts, and J was faine to ſend the gallion my Chiffe with a haulſer to ride by, for thee 
was loole, and with the flood dꝛaue vp within me. Chen was the viceadmirall on my bpoad five, 
who was well paped before, pet J left not galling of him, til I thoug bt our powder {pent in vaine 
to fhoot at him, be was lo toꝛne, and byoken Dotune by bs. About foure ok the clocke it rained ſo 
falt, that we could (cant dilterne one the other, the Moone being gone dowue pet rid the admitall, 
and 1 a little ahead of vs: during which time, we paufen, and made ready all 
our m 8 

The 25 dap, by dap-Light, we law the viteadmirall ſunhe hard by vs, ſo that bis pards whic 
were hoiled acrolle, and his tops, and that ouer head, was aboue water : moſt of their men were 
gotten away in their boats, laing about kourtie perfons wtich hung in the ſhzo wos, and toppes, 
whom A aduiſev our generall to fend foꝛ away, and had made readp, and well manned our pinnel⸗ 
fes; but being vpon the way going, the general called them backe, and would not ſuffer them to 
goe. There were threeof their boats allo going for them from their ſhips; at whom J thor, and 
made them to retire, and leaue them vpon the ſyzowds. It length our generall ſent for two ot 
the men away: which his pinneſſe bꝛought to hirn che one was heauep ouer boozd, pecauſe he was 
fore hurt, not like to liue; and he was a Marſillian ; the other was a Gꝛeeke, bone in Zante, boat⸗ 
Cwaine of the vicendmitall: the reſt of the men , ſome ſwam away vpon rafts, ſome were dow · 
ned, and ſome remained lil hanging on her. Wy this time it was faire dax. ligbe, and J talled te 
our general to wey, and dꝛiue do wne to them, who requiren mee to goe lirſl and anker on their 
quarter, and he would follow. and anker on their bowes. J weped, and went Downe, and ankered 
by them; pet not lo nere as J meant, for the ebbe put me off tothe Mozthwards. Thete rid A 
alone, pending ſyot at them, and they both at me, foure houres, before our admirals anker would 
come vp: during tbich time, J had lome ſpoile done; but when our admirall came, che had her 
part, and eaſed me verp well, 

At length our admirall began to warpe away, and being tome without me, fet ſaile, and began 
to Rand out into the ſea : J went aboordof bim to know bis pleaſure. CLibo determined to get 
out ol chot; but could not, becauſe the winde lcanted on them. The Edward befope the could get 
vp her ankers, endured many moze thot, after the gallion was further off a good way then ſhe, and 
ſometime the gallion had two oz three. Chus we enden about two ok the clocke alter none: the 
rell of this day and part of the night, we (pent in mending, fitting, and putting our opdinance and 
furniture in opder koꝛ the next mornings, thinking they would haue bene with vs. i 

The 26 day in the moꝛning we could not lee them, becaule they were gone vp the riuer: wee 
manned our boats and pinnefles, and weyed two ankers and one cable, that they let Hin the night 
befoze: as our men were weying the third anker. the bwox· rope bꝛake, and lo we loſt that anker. 
Our admir all had an anker of twelue hundzed, and a good cable of eleuen inches, and we had an 
anker about fire hundyed, with a piece ofa balle cable, and bwoy- rope nothing woꝛth. f 

Alter dinner J went abooꝛd the avmirall, to confer with b':.1, who determined to go offto fra, 
amd thither A caried Sennor Pinto to interpret the Indian language, with an Andian named Pe · 
ter which flen fromthe bay where we ridin a canon, and bꝛought with bim a Spaniards caliuer, 
flacke, and couchbore, to goe with vs, whom our admirals boat met, and brought him aboozd to 
the admirall. Wee tolde vs that the Spantards had brought many dead men an land, and burier 
them, and allo landed manp hurt men in their bay, and that there were certcine Spaniards 
gone ouer thoꝛow the woods to looke alter vs. Chen the Generall, captaine Hawkins , and 
maler Maddox tame abooꝛd of mee to vie we my hurt men, and barmesof my thippe, both men, 
chippe, anv tackle; and A alfo went abooꝛd him to peruſe his hurts, who had but one man, a fate 


ler, llaine. 

The 28 day in the mozning died Lancelot Aſhe, of a hurt; who departed very godly. This 
day we ſtood to the Noꝛthwards: and in getting in dur ankers and T hiffe, we were put 3 leagues 
to leeward of Fiddle tie, but the gattion tis itil. 

The 29 dap inthe morning , 5 tet put to fea from the admirall, J aſſembled ma⸗ 
ſter Walker, matter Shawe, matter leffries, the matter, the malters mate , and the pilot, to 
whom J dhewed that J was deflrousto goe backe to feeke our admirall, whereunto the ma⸗ 


E abe ard iter, pilat, and muſtert mate antwered dirertip, that wee could not fetch the dennen et 
a 


handes, and 
boꝛd the Ad 
The firtt 
went the Car 
The 5. d 
of the blood 
bord, and (he 
Che 14. 
them our w 
beſt for vs t. 
be, being wi 
keare okextr 
The 17. 
we were ve 
The 18. 
the Southr 
The ſeco 
Fromeh 
The 10. 
The 11. 
ſhirt, and we 
ſide, and the 
ded by Pint 
Iſhewed hi 
ſwimming: 
tame down 
Indians der 
wat er, but f 
The lam 
found the 7 
thee barric 
time our bo: 
more of fref 
The 12. 
things to th 
the Skiffe 
barricos of 
to me, wadii 
knike, and a 
Thawghits! 
becaufe allt 
they layed he 
ded into the! 
hands, with 
Thus we 
and J caried 
boat with m 
The 170 
8 a the 
with variabl 
uered about 
in the ſea, tut 


— 


— — n k — 
enton. M. Edward Fenton. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 767 


ed to tellat them, and to meece chert in going backe it was very vnlikely and to vs dangerous many wayes, 
al well foz falling into the laps of the pl — as to be put on a lee ſhoare: whereupon all the 
reſt aduiſed me ta Rand off into the (ea, whereunto A allented, remembꝛing withal, that time {pent 
tonſumed victuall, and howe long wee had beaten vp and dowone in the lame bay befoze, to get in 
with calmes and contrary windes. f 
: Thus wee concluded that P. Walker thould (ct dotwne each mans opinion, and wee fet to our 
bond ſide, handes, and from hence foozth bee to keepe a Regiſter ol all our proceeding, as P. Maddox did as 
ent in vaine boꝛd the Admiral. 
it rained ſo The lirſt dap ok Febzuarp, wee went Caf by Couch, and Catt ſouthe all with a ſtoute gale: and 
e admiral, went the fame courſe the 3.4. and J. dapes following, 
de ready all The 5. dap about 10. a clocke in the koꝛenoone . Walker died, who han bene weake and ficke p. Water the 
of the bloovie flire 6. dapes, wee tooke a biem of his things, and pꝛiſed them, and heaued hin ouer der oe 
atds tubich 3 bord, and (hot apecce for his knell, 1 
rmen were 5 Che 14. dap J called ira my cabbin the two marchants, the Patter and the Pilot, chewing 
and toppes, them our wants of victuals and other neceſſaries: whereupon they and J concluded that it was 
dur pinnefs g bett fo2 vs to returne to our tountrep, with as litle lolle of time and erpenſe of victuals as might 
fer them to be, being without hope ok reliefe vpon this coat, and pet to keepe the toalt of Brafil to friend fog 
Thor, and feare okextremitie. f 
t fo2 two ok The 17. day in the moꝛning hauing much raine, wee ſaued aboue two tunne of water, ol which 
auſe he was we were very glad. 
Lante, boat The 18. dap J obferuen the variation of the cumpatle, which varied one point, and a halke to wariation or 
wert dꝛow⸗ the Southwards, by our oꝛdinarp compaſſe of London. the Compalit, 
I called ta Te ſecond dap of March the Patter, Pilot, æ I agreed to fetch the ple ol Fernando Lotonha. 
ker on their Ftomthe 3. day to the 10. day we went CMeſt, and by Bouth, and ran in for the ſhoare. 
ind ankered The 10. day we ſaw the lan, which was Candie hilles with woods on it. 
Thete rid J 8 Che 11. dap ſeeking to goe a ſboare, wee ſawe foure men, which weaued to vs with a white 
nker would ſhirt, and we weaued to them with a flagge of truce: At length one ol them ſwamme to our boats 
, the had her ſide, and there lay in the Sea talking with vs, almoſt an houre: in the ende, being partly perſwa⸗ 
ded by Pinto, who talken with them iu the Indian tongue, and partly entiſed with ſuch trifles as 
e, and began I (hetwed him, hee came into our Skiff, and called to his companions on (hoare, who came aboꝛd 
mined to get ſwimming: wee deliuered them certaine barricos to fecch vs them full of frech water: alter, there 
he could get tame downe 40. Indians, bopes, women, and men, and with them a French boy, but the former 
then ſhe, and Indians del eiued vs of our barticos, TWibereupon Pinto and Ruſſell wamme a ſhoare to lecke 
noone: the wat er, but kound none. 
dinante and The lame day wee failed to a place where boats might land, x J went a land in ny Okiffe ann 
found the Indians, and Frenchman which were with mee the day bekoze, and they bought our 
riuer: wee thꝛee barricos full of freſh water: for which J rewarded them with fome trifles, Jnthe meane 
lin the night time our boat went alhoare, and our men with ſome of the Indians brought vs twentie barricos 
that anker. more of frech water, and J mp ſelle went to ſhoare and brought 23. hennes of India, : 
iD be had an The 12. day betimes inthe moging,wee manned our boat and Dkiffe, and cooke fome trifling 
be things to ſhoare, and barricos: at out firſt arriuall the rude Indians flocked together, wading to 
ro off to fra, the Skiffe wherein J was, begging, and wondering about vs: Firſt J cauſed them to fetch 27. 
named Pe- barricos of water, whom J rewarded with (mall bells, ec. In the meane time they bꝛought hens 
rds caliuer, to me, wading to the Skiffe, for I kept my ſelfe alwapes afloat, and for their hens J gaue them a 
m abooꝛd to knife, and a final looking glaſſe. All this while M. Blackcoller our Pilot, Thomas Ruſſel, Marke 
and buried Thawghrs were fhillon ſhoare, and would not tarry aboꝛd: In the ende, learing fome treacherie, 
Opaniards becauſe all ehe Andians were flipped on ſhoare from mee, A called our men a wap, and ſuddenly erraton or cpi 
u kins, and they layed handes on our men achoare, and with their bowes thot thicke at vs in the boats, and twas Indeans. 
e, both men, ded into the water to vs laying hands en our Skiffe, yet God of his mertie deliuered vs from their 
man, a fate hands, with the loſſe of fine men ſlaine, and others hurt. 
Thus we got aboꝛd with 40. hens, ducks, turkies, and parrats, and thꝛee hogſheads of water: 1 
only, This and J caried a Frenchman abozd wich mee, named laques Humfrey, who was by chance in the Gin 
it 3 leagues boat with me when this frap began. : 
2 The 17. day we tooke thee ſharks inthe moꝛning. N 
ſembled ma: „A thhat dap to the fet of Apzil. wee went our courle, ſometime with raine, anv fometine 
With variable windes, x lo til the 4. ol Apꝛil:which vap we lam 4. birds with long tailes, which ho · 
uered about the (hip, and in the afternoone we law and tooke vp many weedes Which dꝛaue thicke 
inthe ſea, which we iudged to be dꝛiuen with che Catt winde kom the ples ol Cape . 


bdeſperate 
act. 


Wariation of 
she Sompate. 


768 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, M. Edward Fenton. 


Fromchis dap till the 11. day we went our courſe ſometime Moßtheaſt, ſomet imt Northwell 

accoꝛding to the winds: vpon this 17. noy George Coxe one of dur Carpenters, hauing the night 
before bypken vp the bold, and olne wine, and dpunken himſelle dune, being taken in the rome 
lept ouerbogn out of the Leake head, and fo dꝛowued himſelle. : 

The 12. day weelpied our fopematt to be periſhed in the bo wnes and purk not beare our loge · 
top Caile vpan it, but went hence with our ſailes, next hand, Nazih all day and night, 

From hence to the 20. day we went Moztheaſt and by Nojth. Chis day J obletued the varias 
tion ok the compalle : and J noted that the Souch point of the compaſle caren moge then halle a 
point to the Meſtwards. 

Che 25. day of May wee went betweene the Caknoptheat, and the Moztheaſk with a tall 
ale till fuse a clocke in the afternoone: then had we fight of land, which roſe raggedto the othe 
Ard like broken land, we being about fiue Leagues off: chat ple bare Naopthealt by IRopth of vg, 
ano che Roꝛthermolt part bare Noyth bp Cat of vs, with a rocke a fea bod: ue then ſounded and 
hav ülktie and fine favome grey land and maze great Tope init: ſo wee Dood in Nojthe aũ till eight 
& clockt and then behelde it againe being within foure lengues of it, bearing as befoze, but wee 
coulde nat make it, fo, ſome thought itco bee the fozeland ol Fontenay, fome iudged it the ple ol 
Vſſant: then we founded againe in f. kadome owe land, and little maze in it: at eight Aclocke 
at night we went about, and ſtoode off South ſouthweſtone watch, then the wind Mpinked tothe 
Moouthwelk, that we could lye but South ſouth welt fire glaſſes, ſo that at thꝛee a locke wee call 
about, and lap Noꝛthwelt fire glatles, and Noꝛth nozthwelt a watch being chen eight a clockethe 


Rext day. 


The 26. day wee lay as nigh as wee coulde betweene the Nozth and the Noth noztbeald, and 
ſaw the fame land againe, and mane it to bee the foheland of ee the ragges to bee the 
Deames, which bare now Catt Moptheatt of be: and wee ſtoode on till tenne a clocke, ihen bem 
within two leagues of the rockes and leſſe, wee cait about and ſtoode off Bouthwel, becaue 
wee could not double the vttermoſt rockes: when we were about we Dzauc tothe Spouthwarng 
herp faſte, for the ebbe ſet vs (ett ſouthwelt, and being (ping tives, it hozled vs a pate to lee · 
wards, fo? the ĩpate of one houre: then with the flood which was come, we dꝛaue agatne to winde⸗ 
werds : at twelue at noone it was calme till 6. afternoaue, then wee lloode about lar bozd tacken, 
South ſouthweſt one watch, then at midnight wee calt about and ſtoode ouer Mozih till foure 
Mozenoone. 

‘She 27. day hauing bꝛoughe the land Catt foutheat of vs, we made fe to be Sylly being befne 
Deceiued, and went hence Cat by Moreh to double Grims bie, leauing The biſhop and his clearks 
tothe Southweſtwards, which we before tooke to be The Seames, 

At 7.0 clocke in the afternoone we ſawe the lands end of England, which bare Cat by Nozth 
olf vs, and is 7. leagues off from a. 

Tb 29. dap at fire a clocke befopencone we han brought the Ramhead Roath o vs, and were 
within s league ol it, and went in Moꝛtheaſt next band, being thicke and foggie and little winde: 
lo that at eleuen a clocke we got in within the pland, and there by miſtaking ofa ſounding our hip 
came aground betweene the ple and the maine, and there late till 4, a clocke in the afternoone that 
it was halke flood. 

The zo. day about 9. atlocke, with much adoe J furniſhed away P. Ieffries, . Symberbe, and 
William Towrefon with letters, after dined at P. Blaccollers, and made manp ſalutattons with 
diuers gentlemen. 

The 31,3 wrought aboꝛd all day, and put dur ſhip, and things in oꝛder: Afternoone J hauing 
Pas of fome pooze men of Milbrocke, which were robbed the night before by a pirate named 

utſer, which rid in Cawfon bay, J tonſented to goe out with the Edward in company ofafmatt 
fhippe which they had furntthen to bee their Matter, fo about ſiue of the clocke in the afternoone, 
tame a hundꝛeth men of their aboꝛd of mee: About twelue a tlocke wee {ct laile, and by thꝛee a⸗ 
fore vay wee were gotten to the wind wards ok him, then hee fet laile, and went hence to the Calke 
wards, and out ſailed va, becaufe ourconfort would not come neere him: after a ſmall chale which 
we gaue him to no elfect, wee returned into our old road, and there moared the ſhip about nine of 
the clocke in the lozenoone, and hence went all the Milbrooke men ageine alhoze kom mee. Aus 

thus A ended a troubleſome vopage. 
The 


charges ol 
the one Io 

Che 24 
ſlerly wint 
admirall ce 
rothie, wh 
16. ſailes o 
come from 
trike bis 
fen-to do {¢ 
neither tri 
piece ol O 
one of the f 
tall being 
fog that we 
bp againet 
ann koggie 
Hawes hat 
They icar 
Spaniard: 
land, and fi 
Che ne 
wards, but 
Det at laſt 
but anothe 
to do. Ou 
called vs ft 
ſeene what 

The 22 
ſeuen pape: 

The 29 
haue runne 
ſent home t 
off in the fe 
Barbatie, al 
plands of tf 
by the wate 
lent them t 
knaues and 
the Turkes 
and fell age 

The 25. 
der our Tre 
ser, Anse 
14.0) 1540 
came Down 
taine Fren 


—— 
Fenton. 


— — 
tNoꝛthweſt 
ing the night 
in theroome, 


pave our fopes 


ved the varia · 
e then halle a 


with a final 
o the Month ⸗ 
Nohth ol vg, 
ſounded, and 
e ali till eight 
ore , but wee 
d it che ple ol 
ight aclocke 
Anked to ihe 
che wee catt 
ta clockethe 


zoztheaſt, and 
ges to bee the 
e, then bem 

veſt, becau 

Douthwards 
à pate to lee 
me to winde⸗ 
‘bow tacken, 
ath till foure 


being before 
Dhisclearks 


Af by oyth 


vs, and were 
little winde: 
ing, our Hip 
ernoone that 


mberbe, and 
tattons with 


ne J hauing 
pirate named 
ny ofa ſmall 
afternoone, 
d by three as 
to the Gate 
chale which 
bout nine ol 
nmee. An 


The 


The bon.earle 


The voyage fet out by the nip nourab che Earle of Cumbers 
1 


and, in the yere 1586. intended for H South ſca, nut performed no farther 


sen the latitude of 44 degrees to the South of the Equimattial, Written by Nl, lohn Sar- 
vacoll marchant in the fame voyage. 


, Mbenert day after being the 21. dap, wee eſpied 5. lailes more, which lay along to the Gate 
wards, but by reaſon of the nighe which then was neere at hand, wee could hardly come to hem. 
Det at at we hailed one of the biggettof them they tolve vs that they were al of Hamboroughs 
but another ſaide (hee was of Deumarke, fo that indeede they knew neither what to lay, noz what 
to Bo, Dur Adnurali being moꝛe delirous to folow his courte, then to linger by chafing the hulks, 
called vs from pur ſuing them with bis trumpet, and apiece of Ozdinance, o cls wee would haue 
feene what they had bene, and wherewith they had bene laden. 

Che 22. dap becaule of contrary winde wee put into Dartmouth all 4, of vs, and tariep there 
ſeuen vapes, 

The 29. we departedthence and put out to Sea, and began our voyage, thinking at the firſt to 
haue runne along the coatt of Spaine, to fee tf wee could haue mette with Lome good pꝛize to haue 
ſent home to my Loꝛd: but our Captaine thought it not the beſt courſe at the lalt, but rather kept 
olf in the ſea ktom the coaſt. And vpon Saturday the 17. of September wee fell with the coaſtol 
Barbaric, and the 18. halled in with the roade ol Santa Cruz. The 21. day wee fell with one of the 
Hands of the Canaries, called Forteuentura. In running alongſt this pland, we eſpier vpon a hill 
by the water five, one wauing with a white flagge, whereupon wee manned both our boateg, and 
{ent them towards the ſhoare, eo vnderſtand what newes, They found them to bee two ragged 


knaues and one hoꝛſeman, and they tolde vs that Lanzarota was taken, and ſpopled in Augult by —＋ 
en ol A 


the Turkes : when we ſaw they had nothing elle to lex, we left them, and proceeded on out courte, m 
and fell agaiue with the coat ol Barbatie. 


i 


The 25. dap of September about 10. ot the clocke we fell with Rio del Oro, ſtanding iult vn 8 os LA 
ber dur Tropike : we anckered in the mouth of it in 8,tanom, che entrance of it is about a.leagues a hall. 


oner. And the nert day our Captaine with the baute ſearched the riuer ann found it to be as Road 
14.02 15.leagues vp, as at the entrie of it, but fund no towne noz habitation, ſauing that there 


came done two pooꝛe men, andone of them (pake good Spanith,and told our Capt aine, that cers Trade ol che 
taine Freuchmen vſed to come thither . and lade donne ore hide, and gonts hide, bur other com Todd G. 


moditie 


Oto, 


— 


A towne of the 
Negros, 


A ftrange 
monter, 


Another great 
and fine towne 
the Negros, 


A towne 
burnt, 


Mice in Qacks, 


Adoles. 


Ihe Engliſh Voyages, &c. The hon. earle of (uml. 


moditie there was none. Ale de par ted thence the a7 dap the laſt day of the moneth being calm e 
we went abe zd our General, chere confented co goc on Sierra Leona, to wood and water. From 
thence till the ro. ol October wee ere much be calm ed with exttetme hot weather mul h light · 
ning, and great More of raine. This 10, dap we founded, finding a great current as we fuppofen 
by the ripling voter, uhlch after wee found to bee an opdinarp tide, the flood letting to the Noꝛth · 
welt, and the ebb Hout he alt, and here we bad but 18. lathome water, and no lande to bee ſeene: it 
was on the Houthermoſt part of the ſhowles that lie in about 1 1. degrees, but halling South off 
againe, it pꝛeſentiy ut epeb Bato 50, lathome, and after balling Bouthealt and by E alt, and Cat 
ſoutheaſt, we founded, but had no ground in 1 20. fathome. 

Che 21. ol October wee Fell with land vpon the coal of Guinea, in the height ol 8. degrtes 
very high land, but of no great length: it was the hogh lan n guet Sierra Leona, {Clee die we in to 
the land, and found neere the Hoare moze water then in thy offing:at the No nen end ol the high 
land we anckered about a mile, and ſome what moze from che ſhoare in 11.4% Hine. To goe into 
the harbor ol Sierra Leona we did bozro w vpon the South ſide, hauing no ground in 10,fathome, 
halfe a mile from the ſhoare. 

Upon the Noꝛthllde of this harbour is very thoale water, but on the Bouihlide no feare, moe 
then is to be leene. 

Che 23. day being Sunday wee came to an cher in the bay of freth water, and going athoare 
with our boate, wee ſpake with a Portugal. h tolbe vs that not karre off there were Negros 
inbabitingy, and that in giuing to the king a Borija of wine, and fome linnen cloth, hee would lul 
fer vs to water and wood at our plealure. But gur Captaines thinking it not good to ive any 
thing for that which they might take freelp, landed, and certaine ol our men with them, whereupon 
the Portugall and the Negros aime all away into the woods. Then wee returned againe inta 
our boates and pꝛeſently went and landed in another place, thinking to haue keteht a walke, and 
foto come to our boats againe. But wandering through a little wood, we were ſuddenly and vn ⸗ 
awares vpon a towne of the Negros, whereupon they ſtroohe vp their dumme, giuing withall 
a great (howe, and oll went their arrowes as thiche as halle. Ale were in number about 30. cf · 
leeuers, and 20. with our weapons, which wee alſo let flie into the woods among them, and what 
burt we did, we know not. 

Then wee returned to our boates, and tooke wood and wat er at our pleaſure, and reaſonable 
ftoze ok fich, and amougſt the reſt we halled vp a great foule monſter, whofe head and backe were 
fo hard, that no lwoꝛd could enter it: but being thzult in vnder the belly in Divers places, and much 
wounded, hee bowen a lwoꝛd in his mouth, as a man would do a girdle of leather about his hande, 
and like wiſe the pron ok a boare ſpeare. He was in length about nine foote, and had nothing in his 
belly, but a tettaine quantitie of {mall tones, to the value of a pottell. 

The kourth of Nouember wee went on hore to a towne of the Negros, which ſloode onthe 
Southeaſt five of the harbour, about a Sacar thot from the roade, which we found to be but laces 
ly but: it was of about two hundzeth houſes, and walled about with mightie great trees, and 
ſtakes fo thicke, that a rat could hardly get in oz out. But as it chanced, wee came directly vpon 
a port which was not ſhut vp, where we entred with (uch fiercenefle, that the people fled all out of 
the towne, which we found to bee finely built after their fathion, ond the ſereetes of it ſo intritate, 
that it was difficult foꝛ vs to finde the wap out, that we tame in at. Nee kound their houles ano 
ftreetsfofnelp and cleanlp kept, that it was an admiration to vs all. for that neither in the houſes 
No? Areets was fo much duſt to bee found, as would fill en egge ſhell. Mee found little in their 
houſes, except ſome matts, goards, and ſome earthen pots. Dur men at their departure let the 
towne on five and it was burnt (foz the molt part ok it) in a quarter of an houre, the houles being 
touered with reed and ſtraw. : 

After this wee ſearched the tountrey about it, where wee found in divers plaines good lloze ot 
rice in ſtacks, which our men did beate out, and brought a bod in the hu The, to the quantitic of 14, 
02 15. tunnes in both our ſhips. 

The 17. day of Nouember wee departed from Sierra Leona, directing our courſe for the 
Straights ol Magellan. In this harbour diners of our men fell liche ok adifeate in the belly, 
which foꝛ the time was extreeme, but (God bee thanked) it was but of mall continuance, Mee 
founde alfo in diuers places of the woods, images let vpon pinnes, with diners thingsbefore 
them, as eggs, meale, rice round thot ol Hones, and viuers other things, uch as the barbarous pes · 
ple had to offer vp. 5 


Wihen we came neere to the Line wee found it nothing fo hot as it is at Sietta Leona, by reas 


ſonokthe great winde and raine, 104 
About 


The hon 


About the 
Calentura, 


about Afteene 
(poare,and to 
to lea ward ag 
The 12. U. 
uitie ol Chrif 
found no wan 
well dilgeſt a 
parts had no t 
The tenet 
it was my goe 
called Santa! 
were to beett 
tooke that da} 
called Abrahs 
Riuer,and th 
of more, Ch 
40,fome 50. 
leagues from 
and Cundpp fr 
they giue in tt 
ſhippe had. 
They had 
befiveschele, 
The 11,0. 
we gaue chat 
good Rope of 
our booke, 3 
one was an J 
alſo, which v 
man which w 
polſeſle ane n 
in her, coll( as 
Okthele ll 


Barke caſt at 


uages, all ſau 
vſed them ve 
moze of their 
niards. Fair 
bp the Pilot t 
age ol the Po: 
Plate theſe 3 

Che 12.0 
ing in we fou 
lies a ledge o 
bozrow hard 

One ok the 
perience, and 
che towne ot! 
Southlive of 
five alfo, At 
rowe and tot 


umb. 


— 


cing calm e 
ter. From 
with light · 
e {uppofen 
he Month · 
re ſeener it 
Douth off 
and Catt 


degrees, 
ewe in to 
of the high 
0 goe into 
> lathome, 


eare, moze 


ng athoare 
e Negros 
would (uf: 
o giue any 
vhereupon 
gaine into 
walke, and 
y and vn ⸗ 
ng withall 
out 30. ca 
and what 


reafonable 
acke were 
and much 
his bande, 
hing in his 


ode on the 
Je but late 
trees, and 
ectly vpon 
d all out of 
o intricate, 
houles and 
the houſes 
tle in their 
ure let the 
ules being 


on (fore of 
titie ol 1 4 · 


rfe for the 

the bellp, 
ce. Mee 
ngsbefore 
ac düs pes 


na, by reas 
About 


— — — — ——— — — rr —— —— 


The hon. earle of (umb. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 771 


4 — 24. day of Nouember ont o two ol our men died, and others allo were ſicke of a 
alentura. 

Che ſecond day of Januarp we had a little light of land, be ing about the height ol 28. degree 
to the Southward of the Line. f 

Che g. day twee fell with the ſhoare high and bold, being in 30. degrees, and a terſe, little moze enep fan wity 
oplelle. All ok itto the Monihward was a high land, but to the Woüthward it dip prefentlp kalle, an Seng 
and was a very lot land, ind all fandie, About fire leagues from the (hoave wee lounded, and hab! 7 
about lite ene oz firceenc kathome water, and blacke landit op. Idle thought to haue gone to the 
ſhoare, and to haue water ed, but we coulo not diſcerne anp good harbour, and therefore we cat off 
to lea ward again :. 

Che 12. day wee found our ſelues in 3 2. degrees and a7. minutes. From the day of the Watt 
uitit ol Chriſt, till the 13. day ofthis moneth, although the Sunne was very neere vnto vs, yet we 
found no want of winds but variable as in England, ¢ not ſo hot but that a mons ſhoulders might 
well diſgeſt a frize gowne, and his bellie the belt Chriſtmas cheere in England, pet wee koz dur 
parts had no want, but ſuch as might content honeſt men. 

Che tenth vay being about 8. leagues from the ſhoare, and a little Hope of the Niuer of Plate, 
it was my good happe to eſpie a laile, which was a ſmall Portugal bound fo) the River to a towne 9 Porugel hip 
called Santa Fee: and rom thence bp hole and carts, the marchants, and part of their goons 13 h Wies 
were ta bee tranſpozted into Peru. This ſhippe being about the burthen of 45. 02 50. tunnes, wee Abraham Cocks 
taoke that day about thyec of the clocke, wherein there was fo) Malter op Pilote an Englidhman wena. 
calley Abraham Cocke bonne in Lee. Ie examined him and the reſt concerning the ſtate of the before bp the 
Nluer, and they told vs that there were in the Riuce fiue to wnes, ſome ol 70. houlbolt , and ſome n mn. 
ol more, Che lirſt towne was about 30. leagues vp the Riuer called Buenos Ayres the reſt ſome 
4o,fome 50. leagues one from another, (o that the oppermott cowne called Tucaman is 230, Fun dhe nes 
leagues from the entrance ol the Riuer. In theſe townes is great ſtoze of cone, cattell, wine, of Piace, 
and Cundpy kruits, but no money of gold oz ſiluer: they make a certaine kinde of flight cloth, which 
12 giue in trucke ok lugar, rice, Marmalade, and Bucket, which were the commodities that this 

ippe had. 

They had abozd alſo 45. Negros, whe reok euery one in Peru peelveth 400. duckets a piece, and 
beſides thele, there were as palfengers in her two Portugal women anv a childe. 

The 11. dap wee eſpied another ſaile, which was the conſont ol this Portugall, and to him alſo another wor 
we gaue chale, and tooke hum the Came dap: Hee was of the burthen ok the other, and had in him lan Ay tw 
good Nore of ſugar, Marmalade, and Succats, with diuers other things, which we noted downe 
our booke, In this chip alfo we found about . Negro women, and foure oz fiue friets,of which 
one was an Frith man, ok the age of thꝛee oz foure and twentie peeres, and two Portugal women un Brith fries 
alſo, which were boꝛne in the tiuer of lenero. Both theſe (hips were bought in Brafil, by a pong n. 
man which was Sacto; for the biſhop of Tucaman, and the friers were ſent for by that biſhop to eye bithop ot 
pollelle ane m Ponaſterie, which she bithop was ihen a building, Che bookes, beads, and pictures Tucemen c 
in her, coll ( as one of the Portugals confeſled) aboue 1000. duckats. Plate. 

Oktheſe Hips we learned. that M. Iohn Drake, who went in conſoꝛt with M. Fenton, had his be newes ot 
Barke cat away a little (hore of the Riuer of Plate, where they were taken captiues by the Sar M. john Drake, 
uages, all ſauing them which were flaine in the taking: the Sauages kept them fo a time, and 
vſed them very hardly, pet at the laſt John Drake and Richard Faſre weather, and tuo 03 thꝛee 1 ha Fai. 
moe of their com any withthem got a Canoa, and eſcaped, and came to the lirſt towne of the Spa- wenher, 
niards. Faire weather is maried in one of the tawnes, but Iohn Drake was carried to Tucaman 
bp the Pilot of this ſhip, and was liuing, and in goad health the lat peere. Concerning this uoy⸗ 
age ol the Portugals they tolde vs that it was che thirde voyage that was made into the Niu: of 
Plate theſe 30. yeeres. 

Che 12. of January wee came to Seale pland, and the 14. dap to the Greene pland, where go⸗ seat. plandg 
ing in we found hard aboꝛd the maine 8. fathome, 7. and 6. and neuer leſle then five fachome. There Na 
Kesatenge ok rocks in the faire wap, betwixt the pland and the maine ſo that you muſt bee Cure to 
boꝛrow hard aboꝛd the maine, and leaue the lenge on the larbo five, 

One ok the Portugals which wee carted along with vs in our ſhippe ſermed to bee a man of ex 
periente, and J entred into ſpeach with bim concerning the ate ok the Rivers hee tolde mee that Buenos Ayres 
the towne Of Buenos Ayres is irom the Greene piand about ſeuentie leagues, Tanding on the 
Vouthlide of the Riuer, and from thence to Santa Fee is 100. leagues, ſtanding on the ſame santa Fee 
five allo. At which cotwne their ſhippes doe vilcharge all their good ‘nto final Barkes, which 
rome and towe vp the River to another towne called Aſcenſion, w. ah is from Santa 10 1505 

Mutz 


Ti 


Nr 


The Engliſn Voyages, &c. The hon.earle of (umb. 


leagues, where the boats dilcharge on Hoare, and ſo paſſe all the goods by tarts and hozſes to Tu- 
caman, which is in Peru. 

The towne ok Aſcenſion ſtands in a very fertile place, reaping comme twiſe in the peere, with 
abundance ok wine, cattell, and fruits, In the townes of Aſcenſion and Tucamana rapier of 20, 
rials of plate is woꝛth 30, duckatg, a boxe of Marmalade 20. duckats; a looking glalle a foote o. 
uer is worth 30. li. pictures in tables of 14. inches, 3 o.and 0. li.a piece. 

The 16. day wee went from Greene yland to the watering plate, which is about a league to 


the (Cettward, where wee tooke in about 18. tunnes ok water, and the 22. day tame againe to 


Seale pland to make pꝛouiſion of Seales, where a ſtonne arole, which put vs in ſome danger, by 
the bꝛeaking of our anckers and cables, and the winde blew fo colde, that wee much marueiled at 
it, conſidering the height ok the place. J muſt needes inthis place finde fault with our ſelues and 
the 1 company, that riding in this River 16. dapes, the thanell was not ſounde d, noꝛ the way 
made perfect, 

op tin ie wee tooke into our ſhip one Miles Philips, which was left in the Well Indies by 

„Hawkins. 

The ürſt of Febzuary J cooke the Sunne in 38. degrees. And the z. day ok J tooke it againe 
and found it to be in 41. degrees. 

The 7. dap ok Febzuarp our Captaine matter Lifter being in one of the prises, hoyſed ouer 
boꝛd his Gundelo, and went aboꝛd the Admirall, and being there they ſent their Gundelo abozd 
vs, fo: our Patter maſter Collins, and my ſelfe, e at our comming we were called into the Cap: 
taines cabbin, where were fet in counlell foz matters touching the ſtate of our voyage, ihele wen 
whole names are vnder written, 


0 Malter Robert Withrington Captaine of the Admiral. 
Matter Chriftopher Lifter Captaine of The barke Clifford. 
Iohn Anthonie, Maſter of the Admirall. 

Thomas Hood Pilot fo2 the Streigbts. 
William Anthonie, Maſter of the barke Clifford, 
Dauid Collius. & J Triftram Gennings, 
Malter William Withrington. 

Matter Beumond Withrington. 

Mater Wafnes, 1 Mater Norton. 
Patter Wilkes. Malter Harris, 
Thomas Anthonie, 

Nicholas Porter, 

The matter Gunner: 

And Alexander Gundie, his mate, 

Iohn Sarracol. 


This company being all alſemblev together, the Batter ofthe Admiral declared that the caule 

ok our allembly was to determine after good aduice, what tout ſe oꝛ wap were bet and mol. ke · 

Ipto all mens iudgements to be taken. Firſt for the good preterment of my Loꝛds vopage, then the 

healthok our men, and lalily the ſafegard of our ſhippes, and further ſhewed his minde to vs all in 
theſe woꝛdes, as neere as J could cary them away. 

X makers, my Loꝛds determination touching this our voyage is not vnkno wen vnto pou 

U,. hauing appointed it to be made, and by the grace ol God to be performed by vs forthe 

ea. But for as much as wee doe all ſee the time of the peere to bee karre ſpent, as allo the 

6% hang contrarp, the weather dꝛawes on colder and colder, the nights longer and longer. 

u fo tonſumed that we haue not left aboue two moneths bil ket, our dzinke in a maner all 

t ſo that we haue nothing but water, which info cold a countrey as the Streights, i we ſbould 

get in, and bee concen there to winter, would no doubt be a great weakening to our men, and a ha⸗ 

dard of the ouerthꝛow of the voyage: Thele things tonſidered, both our Captaine, aller Hood, 

and J, doe rather thinke it good foꝛ the wealth ok our voyage, the health of our men, and fafetie ol 

dur ſhips, to goe roome with the coaſt of Braſill, where by Gods grace wee ſhall well victuall our 


ſelues, both with wine which is our greateſt want, and other neceflaries, 


Belides, it is given vs here to vnderſtand by the Portugals which we haue taken, thar there is 
no doubt, but that by Gods helpe and our endeuour, wee thall bee able to take the towne of Bays, 
at our pleaſure, which i wee doe put in pꝛactiſe, and doe not perfopme it, being ſomt what ad⸗ 
uiſed by them, they offer to loole their liues, And hauing by this meanes victualled our Mit 

¢ 


The 
wee ma 
map bay 
ther wil 
ons. At 
lite by t 
ikthere! 
let him 
lowe !: 

To tl 
ton, 4 N 
ber wer 
we mig 
and ther 
Streig 
ced, ther 


concern 
would u 
found fe 


1D horfes to Tu- 


the peere, with 
1a rapier of 20, 
glalle a footen- 


bout a league to 
taͤme againe to 
ome danger, by 
ch marueiled at 
hour ſelues and 
ded, noz the wap 


Welt Indies by 
tooke it againe 
es, bopſed ouer 
Gundelo abopd 


d into the Cap⸗ 
pare thele men 


The hon. Erle of (umb. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 


wee map there {pend vpon the coat ſome three oz foure moneths, except in the meane time wee 
map happen vpon forme good thing to content mp Loꝛd, and to purchaſe our owne credits: o⸗ 
therwiſe, wee map take the Spꝛing of the peere, and ſo pꝛoceede, actoming to my loz os virecti⸗ 
ons. And allure pour ſelues ( by the alliſtance of God) wee will not returne without {uch bene⸗ 
fice by this voyage, as may redound to my loꝛds pꝛolite, and the honour of ou untrey. Mowe 
ik there bee any of pou that can giue better courte and aduife, then this which J haue deliueren, 
let him ſpeake, and wee will not onelp heare him, but thanke bim koz his counſell, and fol 
owe! 


To this ſpeechok M. Anthony, M. Liſter our captaine anſwered in this ſozt: M. Withring- 20 refotute and 
ton, #99. Anthony both, vou know, that the la wozds that my lozd had wich vs in fuch a cham. deaplaun 
ver were, that in any cafe we ſpould follow our voyage only fo2 the South lea, extept by the wap, Liter. 


we might perchance meete with luch a purchale, as that wee might returne with ooo pounds: 
and therefore J fee no laketie, howe wee map dare offer to goe backe againe , being lo neere the 
Streighis as we are: foꝛ my part J neither dare nop wil couſent vnto it, except we be further foz⸗ 
ted, then pet wee are. Mo accompt is this, that he that dieth foꝛ this peere is exculed for the next, 
and J rather chooſe death, then to returne in dilgrate with my lozd. 

Hereunto both the captaine and maſter of the Anmirall replied that they were all of that mind: 
pet not withſtanding, that in going roome the voyage was in better polſibilltie to bee perlozmed, 
then in wintring either in the Streights, oz at Port S. lulian, all things conſidered. And ſo agree 
ing. and concluding all in one, they were determined prefently to beare vp. 

The next day being the 8 of Febzuary, there fell out many and diuers ſpeeches on each part 
concerning the altering of our courſe, fome would continue for the Streighes, and other ome 
would not. Whereupon a viewe was taken in both ſhips ol victuals, and reaſonable Rope was 
found for both companies: and the winde withall comming to the NRozth, we determined to take 
out ofthe prises the belt nerellaries that were in them, and lo calt them off , and to plie koz the 


Streights. 5 i 

Allebistime wee held on our rourſe, andehe 25 day wee found our ſeluen in the beigbe of 44 Kher inet, 
degrees, but then the winde came to the South, with muchraine, wind, cold, and other vntempe⸗ cieude of 44 
rate weather, continuing in that fort fine o ſixe deyes, in which time we hulled backe againe into desen. 


d that the cauſe 
ſt and moſ. ke 
opage, then the 
inde to vs all in 


zo wen vnto ou 
d by vs foz the 
pent, as alſo the 
ger and longer. 
e in a maner all 
ts, it we ſbould 
men, and a ha⸗ 
Paller Hood, 
n, and laletie ol 
ell victuall our 


en, thar there is 
towne of Bays, 
g ſome what ad⸗ 
alled our ſelues, 

we 


the height of 42 degrees. 

Dundap being the 20 of Febzuarp, our Apmirall being ſomething to the leeward of vg, 
and the ſtoꝛme ſomewhat ceaſed, put abooꝛd his flog in the mizen frowns, as a token that bee 
would lpeake with vs, and thereupon wee bare roome with him, and hauing halled one another, 
captaine Wichrington hewenthe difpofitionof all his company, which was rather to goe roome 
with the coaſt of Braſil, then to lie after that {ope in the lea withfoule weather, and contrary wind. 
Our captaine on the other fine ſhe wed the contrarp diſpolition of his men, and companp, willing 
not withſtanding to pꝛoceede: but in the ende, boch che ſhippes fell alunder, and our captaine Capp, 
Seeing then there is no remedie, J mu be content, though againſt my will. 

The 21 day the weather grew faire , and the wind good at the Mouth forthe Streigbts, vet 
our Admirall bare roome Mill, we ſuppoling hee would haue taken the benefit of the eime: wheres 
upon our whole companp began to thinke ok the inconuentences that would arile by deulding 
dur ſelues, and loling our Admirall, being very willing to continue their courſe, and pet not with · 
out the company of the Admiral. And then wee began to caſt about after hun, and at the lat 
bare with him, and he tolde vs, that vpon a ſecond vie we ok the victuals, hee found their ſtoze ſo 
llender, and their want lo great, that there was no remedy for them but to ſeeke Come meanes to 
be relieued, which was the onely cauſe that hee bare Nozthward. This ſpeech made vs of the 
barke to enter into a new conſultation: and we found manp ofour men weake, and all our calie· 
uers not ſeruiceable, and the Smiths that ſhould mend them to be inthe Admiral. e confines 
red allo, that by breaking of companp, eche (hip ſbould be the moze weakened: wee continued in 
this conlultation til the foure and twentieth dap, and in all that time found matter captaine Lifter 
molt deſirous to accomplich, and to Fulfill the vopage, and not willing in anp cafe to türne his Hip, 


but that the vefire which we all had to continue in conſozt with our Aomirall, made vs to thinke 1 anal reloln 
well ok his company, and in line, an agreement and conclufion was thus made on all ſides, to follow tian ta return 


the Admiral, without any moze talke ofthe Streights till the Spring, 


The ro day ot March. it fell out ſo vnfoztunstelp, that Samuel Teller our Wafers mate, fell Harck. 


87 * 


duerbooʒd, and fo periſhed, we being not able by any meanes to recouer him. 
The eight and twentieth day being in the height ol one and twenty degrern, wee efpien a 
lalle, which wee iudged came out ol the Streights, and ber rich unn 
L f „ 


— 7 0 7 a — — — 
774 The Engliſh Voyages, The hon. Erle of (umb. 

hand, we loft her very vnluckilp, and the next day could haue no ſight ok her. l 

Che fift day of Appl we fel with the land of Braſilia in the height, as J iupge, ok lixteen degrees 

and a tierte, and our Captaine went then aboozd the Admirall, where they concluded to lende 

the pinneſſe and our boate on hope for kreſh water, becaufe wee ſtoode in neede of it, which did 

fo with eighteene good men, and thꝛee oz foure tunne ok water talke. They were from vs till 

the eighth day in the moꝛning, at which tine we elpied them againe, and that day we came all coe 

Che rode or gether into the roade okt Camana, where there came a Canoa abooꝛd vs, and one ok thechie fel 
Camana, Poztugals that belonged to the place. Were wee tooke in beefes, hogs, water and wood at our 

lore » bauing almoſt no man able to refit vs, but ſome of our Portugals ole from vs in 
the Canoa. 

fil aime The 11 day wee entred into the hauen ok Baya, where wee were recelued at the point com: 

u ming in, with two great pieces o Oꝛdinance, which vilcharged bullets at vs flue times a piece, 

but they lolt chot and powder, and did vs no harme. After wee had palled the point, wee halled in 
for the roabe as cloſe as the wind would permit vs, but cauld not come ſo neere as we deſired, and 
therefore we came to an ankoꝛ a faire birth olf the towne, not without great fore ok ſhotte from 
thence, but pet our harme was none at all foz ought they could doe. ; 
At our camming in, wee kound in the road eight ſhips and one carauel, of the which one was 
a hulke oz Double flie boat of the burden of two hundꝛed and fifty tunnes, hauing in her 24 pieces 4 
of good Didiifance : thee withthe reſt of the Lips, together with the towne, gaue vs ſhot, and hor, f and car 
but not one touched fo much as any ok our ſaples. And leaſt wee ſhould leeme in the meane time : ofcirce 
on we repaped fo2 euery ſpot of theirs, two oꝛ thꝛee lometimes at the ſhips and the towne 
together. 
be next dap at night wee thought to haue halled in with the Hips, and to haue fetched out 
ſome of them: but the wind blew then off the ſhoꝛe, ſo that wee could not polliblie doe it. And as 
gaine the next day at night we concluded to goe with our owne two boates, and two other boats 
of the countrey which we had taken before, which went with carauel- Lailes, into the roade, and ac⸗ 
coꝛzdingip perfoꝛmed the fame, not withſtanding the Mot of the enemie. The Moone did ſhine, and 
gaue very good light, and in we went with our carauels and boates, and the ſhot came about our 
tates as thicke as haile: but the Poꝛtugals and the reſt perteiuing vs no whit at all to ſhzinke 
02 be dilmaped, foꝛſocke their hips.¢ began to pꝛouide to laue themſelues, ſome with their boats, 
fone bp lwimming, and lo wee entred the Hips with a great ſhowte, and found few to reliſt vs: 
but pet the (hore not being a cables length irom vs, they did ſo plie both their great and ſmalloz⸗ 
fice take + dinance at vs, that it much annopen vo: But pet foz all that we made light of their thot, audcur 
the harbour of men Of the barke Clifford entred the Admirall and Uiceadmirall, and our Admirals men entred 
ktending cher two other (hips or the like burden, and pꝛelently euery one cut the tables in the hauſe, and fo by the 
dat ol the ent · helpe of God in delpite ol them all, wee brought away foure of them. The leaſt whereok was of 
* the burthen ok 130 tunnes. 

In this byotle the hulke ſhotte at vs many times, but did no hurt at all: but at the laſt com: 
ming by the hulke towing our new prizes, we halled them and demanded whence they were, they 
aufwered vs of Flufhiag , and then we commanded him to wep ankoꝛ, and to come after vs: And 
not daring to refule it, he did fo, and brought with him a carauel with fortie oz akty buts of wine 
in her, and another {mall barke which had little op nothing in her: and rode by vs as one ok our 
tompanp, ar: was aſhipok the burden of two hundzeth and fifty runner, Dur hard happe was 
to find no great matter, either of marchandize oz victuals in theſe Hips, ſauing in one ol them we 
found loure buts ok wine, in another two, in another one, and ſome lich, and all the reſt ok their la⸗ 
ding was on ſhoze. 

All this was done vpon Eater eeue, and we gaue thanks to God, that we had ſped fo well: 
and that very night there came a boate fromthe towne, with a Dutch merchant, and one Poztu⸗ 
gal, to offer ſome ranſome koʒ the ſhips, as thep ſapd, but as J iudge rather to eſpie our ſtrength: 
we kept them that night abooꝛd, and the next day we ſent themto our Admiral. 

She next ap beuig Cader day arole a very great ſtoꝛme, infomuch that our carauel which we 

Furt tooke bꝛake from vs, and one of our new prizes alfo, by meanes ok the bꝛeaking of her cable, 
flipt away: whereupon, although the winde was great, and the fea troubleſome, yet wee fent cer · 
taine o our men in our boat, to tecouer them il they might. but we leare, that the rage of the wea 
ther hath cauied bs to leeĩe both our men aud prises, 

Ju the mivvett of this Forme, our two Spaniards which weetooke in the riutr of Plate, ſee · 
ing vs all bulle about our prises, beganne to thinke howe they might efcape our handes, and ſud⸗ 
denly ſlipt both out ok one of the cabbing windowes, and by lwimming got a ſhoare, pend 


#6 nike of 
Flathing. 


( umb. Tbe hon. Erle of Cumb. Traffques & Diſcoueries. 777 


which feemed to vs impolſible, conlidering the outrage of the weather. 


xteen degrees f This Ropme continued long, and p;euented vs of making our intended attempt againſt the 
luded to lende ö towne, bauing as much to doe as poſſibip we might, in keeping one hips and prises —— 
Fit, which did ‘ athoze,and falling into the hands of tholethat ftoon gaping greenilp for our ruine, 
e from vs till ; - She 1g day chettonme being alictlecealen, wee all meped and came to an Alland that lyeth 
e came all to 1 . from the bap, and the twentieth day we went on hore, and our carpenters fet vp 
ok thethie fel 4 our pinneſſe. 
AD wood at our l Tbe 23 daythe people of che countrey came downe amaine vpor vs, and beſet vs round, and 
ole from vs in l {hot at vs wich their bowes and arrowez, but in ſozt time wee cauſed them to retire, and many 

; ol them werecarign away by the helpe of their fellowes , alehough wee had lome of our men hurt 
he point com⸗ j with ſome of their arrowes. 8 od 
times a piece, q The 24 dap we receiued out of the carauel twelue buts of wine, and foure barels ok oyle, and 
wee halled in q halle aquarter, ‘i 
we delired, and The 26 of April our pinnelle was lanchedꝛand the lame day came downe vnto ba agreat num⸗ 
of ſhotte from ber of [Portugals and Indians, with wbom we ſkirmiſhed che {pace oft wo houres to their toſt. 

4 The ſecond dap of May the Admirals voate went a thoze with 14 men to fill water, and pꝛe⸗ 
vhich one was : ſently being on ſhoe. they were intrapyed withtwo o2 three hundzed Indians which allault ed thé, 
ber 24 pieces - amd llew one oz two of our men, but the reſt eſcayed not withſtanding the number ol the enemie, Gtoſſe negii⸗ 
chot, and thor, N and came lake againe with water to the tip, Me ſuffered this lolle by meere negligence, ¢ want bence. 
ge meane time ofcircumfpection, 39 1175375 
And the towne The 5 dap the captaine of the Admiral himſelke tooke a ſmall barke, his owne little tarauel, 

d our pinneſſe and che Dutehmans boate, anv at night went on (hope to get victuals, amongtt the 
ue fetched out bullocks which were in che Helos s and in the mozning they were gone lo karre, that thep were out 29 gancp a9 
doe it. And as ok fight. Th ich being perceiued by the cuemie, they pꝛeſently made ready their galley loꝛ Admi⸗ Bare. 
vo other boats 4 ral. with foure caraucts with as many men in them as pollibly could ehauttin c ſtand one byano · 
e roade, and ac⸗ ther: and they bare ouer with the Nozth (hore to meete with our pinneſle and boats: whereupon 
e did ſhine, and our men ſe. l into great Danger, although eh. Liſter our captaine diſſwaded . Withrington krom 
ame about our f that attempt, vy laping befoze him the banger both of himſelfe any vs allo, being ſo far one from 
t allto ſhzinke the other. But being once gone, there was no remedie but they were to abide whatſoeuer might 
th their boats, Dappens we in the barke Clifford, although wee were weakelp left, pet percetuing the Galley 
w to reſiſt vs: q to make alter our men, weped and purſue d the galley, as necre the ſhoze as we could conuenientip 
t and ſmalloꝛ⸗ j tome fop want of water: the hulke alfo weyed and came after vs to follow the enemie, but the e⸗ 
ir ſhot, and aur nemie with his oares got fight of our pinneſle and boats before wee could , and bare directly with 
us men entred them: which being elpied ok our men, and they ſeeing no wap to auolde them, mane themlelues 
e, and fo by the ready(not withRanding the great oddes) to light it out like men, and to liue and die together. The 
hereof was of f tourſe that they tooke fop their bet aduantage vpon the ludden, was this sthep went all intathe 

r pinnelle, and made faſt the Dutchmans boate co one fide, and the final carauel to the other five; 
t the laſt com: and ſe waited the comming of the enemie, giuing them lit q of all a piece of ODꝛdinante koꝛ their 
hep were, they f welcome, which they pꝛeſently repaied againe with a piece out ol the pꝛowe ofthe galley, and 
after vs: And pꝛeſently after, with thꝛee oy foure mall bpatte pieces, charged with haileſhot, and lo giuing a 
buts of wine mighty ſboute, came all abooꝛd together, crying, entrad, enttadt but our men receiued them la 
as one of our f botelp, with ſmall (hot and pikes, that they killed them like dogs. Ann thus they continned aboozb 
ard happe was them almoft a quarter of an hour thinking to haue Deuoured our men pinnelle and all. And lure⸗ 
one of them we ie to mans iudgement, no other thing was likely in regard of their great number, and the fewnes 
ret ok their la⸗ of our men, and they at the firtt thought all was their owne: but God, who isthe giuer ol all vic · 

: tories, fo bleſſed our (mail company, and ſo ſtrengthened their armes and mindes to ſighe, that 
{ped fo well: the enemie hauing receiued a mighty fople, was glad to ridde himfelfe from their handes: and a 
nd one Poztu⸗ Lwhercas atcherc entrance, wee tſteemep them to bee no leſle then bet wirt two hundped and ther Value bp 
our ſtrength: bundzed men in the galley, we could ſcarle perteiue twenty men at their departure ſtand on their u al our 

legs, but the greater part of them was ſlaine, many deadip wounded their cares bꝛoken, e ſbe be 
auel which we parted from our men, hanging vpon one foe , (as a Sowe that hath lof her left eare) with the 
gokher cable, number of dead and wounded inen that lay one vpon another. And whereas their comming as 
t wee ſent cer⸗ booꝛd was in a great bꝛauado, with dꝛumme, thouting, and crying, the) departed without either 
ge of the wea · noiſe ofopumme 02 ſpeecb. 5 
a Me lol in tie oufiict or our men, the onelp, which were Alexander the Maſter Gunners 

tr ok Plate, ſee· mute, Laurence Gambrel a pꝛoper poong man ot Hampton, aum another that was maſter Ben- 
ndes, and lud · mant man. Some allo were hurt with che arro wes of the enemie, but the wounds were curas 
bare, a thing ble s and thus it pleaſed Almighty Goo, of his great goodnes, to giue victoꝛp to 5003 6o Cngliths 


which Tse 2 men 


TheEnglith Voyages, T he bon. Ee (unb, The 


men, againt Gre 7 ſeuen hund eth Woptugals and Audians, for which we cealed not to giue fucy The 
putifull thanks to his Mate ſtie, as fo miraculous a victop requixev. and ſent 
Now touching the purpole of our men, who made that attempt for Creth victuals, their labour but they 
was noebing lof, but in deſpite of the enemie they bꝛougbt to our (hips x60) 17 pong bullockes, 5 to take 
which was to dur great comforts anvrefrething . As kor vn chat were in dur ſhtp⸗ we conto noe ö letters, 
come neere them bp two miles / oꝛ mope,to giue them any ato, yet we ſuppoſe that the countenance N ſwered 
of out ſhlps was an incouragement to our men, and ſome maner ol feate to che enemie. : The Car 
Nom wherasour opinion concerning the number of the Poztugals and Indians, which were The 
Haine, as afopefapd, was grounded at that time vpon our probable conietture, not being ableos : Baya,to 
therwile to come to the knowledge thereof: pou thall wimeritanv that the next night atter the f Che 
fight, there came abooyd vs two Tindians vpon aGyngatho , tubo were turine atvap from their tugall, a 
maſtero und they told vs fox a very good truech, that the gallie went out From the towne with ; and one 
foure hundzeth men in her, but there came not backe to the tone again altue aboue thirtyoktkem [ Portus 
Gain. all: and I amongſtthe ree being vellrous to know ol one df them, what the newes was at the q nambuc 
tomne, he anfweren me wich qreat laughter: Todo eſta cacado en Tierra, nent heren 
Che twellth day Z was ſent fo to come aboo zo the abmirall, about the hulke : where vpon faine tr 
the complatieof the Durchmen matter Withringcon entren into bond to them fop the paiment | 
oftheir kraighe but how mp Tord would lke chat bond of debt at out returne; J knowe not. 4 
gaue him mpadatfe anosognGlitoget his bond againe into his hanos. N cipallp: 
The thirteenth day our taptaine {ent out ok our ſhip certaine victuals vnto the Admiral, an in loaue 
ont butte of dige riſe, rwochelis oktleane rife, one barrell of oatemeale, one harrell of peaſon, being th 
and one barrel l ot oile. becaute they were ſome what ſranted o victuals, and we at this time wert Fernam 
to haue out ok the Aomiraltout’ part of flue and twenty chetts of line lugar, and moje, of eighe ding, an 
chetts and fire theſts thar were taken in the Bay of Todos Santos, at the Ingenios, moze bap tot 
of one hundzeth aud thirty bacs, and other diuers pillsges, which were taken in the pꝛizes, andae if the ha 


the ſhoꝛe. :: ree ates 

Cbe foureteenth day being Monday, it was concluded amonoe vs all , not to leaue the tome 
uk Bayn fo; butnotwitöſtanding the time that they had to Crengthen themſelues and the towne, f and bpol 
pet to gtut attempt for the winning of ics andtherefoze wee prontded our pinnelſes, carauels, armed n 
and boaten forthe enterpꝛile: nud as we wert depatting from our ſhippes, the winde turned Die burt, bu 
tectly contrary to our courfe,Co that our determination kon that time was bꝛoken, and wee recurs our land 
ned agatne to dur ſhips: and to ſap the trueth, ir the weather and winde had ſeruen, our attene The 
han bene very de ſperate, conſivering the number of Poꝛtugals and Judians which were then ga · N mirall at 
thered together, to the number ol feusn oz eight thouland, and their artillery vpon the ſhoze, play: f Poztug⸗ 
ing vpon ds ꝛ but neuerthe lelle we had pꝛoceeded i the winds had fauoured vs. vpon we 
The 1s dap we went to certaine Ingenios ofthe Portugals, where we found the people fle the hils, 
and we entred their houles without reliance. Ce foun in their purging boule 1000 pots h bekoze t 
ſugar, ſome halfe purged, Conte a quarter, and ſome ne wlp put into the pots: fo that euery man quietly, 
tooke his pot of (ugar ko; their prouifion , and fet all the refon fire, Thet 
Ebe 27 dap wer all weped to gee to another Angenio, to ſee if wee could finn there better fue ofthis ve 
gar, and inthe wap we met with a pzize, Which was a carauel, which wee found vziuing with the bim lire! 
weather ann entred her, aun had in her onelp three Faulcons of pron, which our pinnelle brought and feue 
away, and ſet che ſhip on lire. Dalamor in the fall prize ran ſo karre in, that hee bꝛoughe bis thip mould al 


on gtound, where (ee lay three oꝛ foure haures, till uch time as there came krom the tone fine would g 

tarauels full of men, which being perceiued ol vs, our captaine with our men went to him to ayde The 

dim. The carauels came within Faulcon Hot ok vs, but burt come no neerer, lei they night bur own. 

daue taſtedot the like banket, that they retetued the latt time. About halfe flood came the geiler She 

: * eee caraucs 15 but —＋ hep came, the barke wut sand fet ſeylt: and * 

f ent to gard theit which we had purpoled to villt: but then * 
Ic — 2 

nr returne Che 19 vap we Cet layfle to goe toade of Baya againe, with our ands pant 
agate to Boye of cruce,tofee if we could recouer our fouremen, which . ten, that wees ands 
in our borte, of whom we fpake before , whicbfoure were bnfoptungtely fallen into their bands: f bar mig 

but tbey at our appꝛoching neere the cotone,(hot at b, and wee as ready as they, ane them in a would an 

37 thot,ano ld ankozed a lctle from the town, tu fee what they would doe. 7 great erp 

Che 20 day riding Mill before the cotwne,our Anmirell ſent a Negro alhore, with letters from returne i 

tbe wee bad pꝛiſoners aboond: the effect of which letters was, that il we might Cher 

dar our men releaten anv nelinecen be, ehep thou bane theirs fromons tips. · ~ | woe 


Ch 


. ———ß—— 
uns. The hon. Erle of (umb. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 777 


tte gue ſuch The nert dap in the mogning, in ſtead of theit bloody flagge, they put vp two white flagges, 


aud ſent a Gingatho off to vs with two Indians, with letters of anfwere from the Gouernour: 
, their labor but they would not confene in any cafe that we ſyould haue our men, and willen their Poztugals 
ng bullockes, to take their captiuitie patiently, for they would not redeemethem: amotion they made in their 
we could nok letters, to bup againe one of their prizes, which we had taken out of the rode: but our admirall ans 
e countenance ö ſwered them, no, leeing hep detained our men, wee would keepe both their men, and ſhips too. 
9 N f Che lame euening we weped, and came out of the hauen, halke a league ta ſeaward. 
8; which were The a2 we fer aile w lea, and the 23 came to an Alland twelue leagues to the Soutbwarn of A Aden 12 
t being ableos f Baya, to wood, aud water. Houtch of Baia, 
übt after the The 24 dap being abooꝛd with our pinneſſes, we met witha Canoa, wherein was one {902° 
ap from their tugall, and fire Indians: we thot at the Canoa, and killed an Indian, and tooke the Boztugall, 
ye tone with f and one ok the Indians, and bꝛought them abooꝛd our ſhippes: we there examined them, and the 
thirty of them 4 Portugal confellen that there was a ſhippe laven with meale, and other victuals, bound fo? fer- 
ges Wasat the q nambuck,but put intoa crecke, berauſe the durſt not goe along the coalt, hearing of our (hippes. 
ine q Tiheceupon we manned both our pinneſſes, and tooke the Pogtugal with vs, to goe and feekeche 
1 where pon ö ſame ſhip, but that night we could not find her. 
oy the paimene a The 26 dap we went againe, and found her, being halled vp into a creeke, where a man would 
owe not. 1 baue thought a ſhippe boate could not haue entre: wee found her indeede laden with meale pꝛin ⸗ 
f cipallys but the bad alſo in her fourceene chetts ol ſugar, ok whicht wo were in powder, and twelue 
e Admiral, ag f in loaues, This ſhip was of the burden ok one hundzed and twenty tunnes, and a new (hip, this new worn 
rell of peafor, being the lirſt vopage that euer ſhe made, and as the Portugal confeſſed, thee was fraigbted for op gig 
this time wert Fernambuck, but the men of Baya hauing great want ok beav, bought both the ſhip and ber la: : 
moze, of eighe bing, and fo thought to fap her in this crecke, till we were gone offthe coaſt: but it was our good 
genios, moje bap to dilappoint their pꝛetenle, and to fetch her from thence, where they thought her as lake as 
prises, and at ik the had bene at Lisbon. : 
11 0 f The 28 day we deuided the meale among vs, accoꝛding to the want of euery hip, 
atte the ohm The zoday,16 02 17 Dutchmen went with their boate from the hulke to ſhoare, to fill water: 
nd the towne, | and vpon aludden they were allaulted with fifty op ſirty Worcugals, and ſo many moze Indians 
elles, caraucls, armen with (hot and other weapons, and they ſlew their Matter and Purſer, and the reſt were 9 good war⸗ 
inde turned di⸗ hurt, but pet efcaped with their liues: a good warning loz vs to bee citcumſpect, and carekull in Aung une te 
ind wee recurs dur landing. fpect inane 
, dur attempt a The laſt dayol Pay wee calt off one ok our prizes, which wee ralled the George, andour Aps ung. 
} were then ar j mirall and the hulke tooke the men and other neceilaries out ok her into them. The lame day the 
the thope, play: Boꝛtugals which had hurt the Dutchmen came to the ſhoze, and dared vs to come on land: wheres 
: vpon wee went into our pinneſſes with [fortie hots but the cowardly villanes ranne all away to 
the people fler f che hils, from the water fives but maſter Lifter with nine men followed them, and they fled mill 
1000 pots of before them, and durſt not Rap their appꝛoch: lo they came backe againe, and wee filled water 
hat euery man quietly, and at our pleafure, a 
N Che third dap ol June our captaine matter Lifter, bauing a great delire foz the performance June. 
there better fu: of this vopage, accozding to my Loos direction, went to our admiral, and requeſted him to giue 
nuing with the bim fire buts of wine, one barrell of oile, the oz foure bartels or fleſh, and ta haue Thomas Hood un offer or 
innelle bꝛought and ſeuen oz eight ſeamen fo; ſome of sur landmen, and vp Gods help, he with the barke Clifford, Soon torr tae 
pougbebis thip would alone pꝛoceede fo2 the South fea’ but the abmirall mightilp wichſtoode his motion, and one hp ouetp 
thetotmnefing wonlo grant no iote of his particular requetts, kad Soup 
to him to apde The 7 of June, hauing no vle at all of our prises, we burnt one, and calt off another, and filled 
lett they might dur owne (hips wich the necellaries of them. 
ame the gellep Che 8 day wee put off to lea, but yet with much adoe came againe to our ankozing place, bes 
fet leyle: and tanle of the weather. 
naht comming The 10 day the admirall (ent fo2 vs to tome abooyd him, and being tome, hee opened a Carde 
g beloye all the company, and tolde vs that my lords vcpage for the South fea was ouerthꝛowen 
les, and a flag fo) mant ot able men, and victuals, and that therefore hee thought it beſt to plie fop Come of the 
n that periſhes Auands of che Welt India, on the Agores, to fee if thep could meete with fome good purchale, 
totheir hands: that mighe Caciftic my loꝛd. Theſe worves were taken heauily ok all the companp, and no man 
ane chem in a would anſwere him, but kept lilence, fox very griefe to fee my loꝛds hope ehus deceiued, and his 
3 : great erpenſes anp ots caſ away. The common loge leeing no other teiticdic, were contented to 


if we a Che 16 day wee efpien a faple, whereupon our pinnelle, and Dalamor gaue her chaſe, and put 
at il me mige beraſpoze vyon the Alland, where the men foxfooke her, and ran away wlth Such eons as ep 
; 77. 7 could 


e 


. ; | 2 | : , 
778 The Englifh Voyages, Nauigations, Lope Vax. 


.. TELL ELE —— — — — 
Anotber pine could tonueniently carte: our pinneſſe boo ved her, and found little in her: they tooke out of her 
nee tanen. ine cheſts ok lugar, and one hogge, and 3 5 pieces of pewter. and ſo left her vpon the lands. 
arn ana From this time forward we began to plie Nozthwards, and the ſirſt of July fell wich the lan 
Hoitpward, againe, where we filhed, and found reaſonable good foze, I tooke the latitude that dap, and found 
our ſelues in 10 degrees and 22 minutes. 

Che 7 day we deterinined to fall with Fernambuck, and wer came fo nere it, that Dalamor 
(as be tulv vs) eſpiedlome ofthe ſhips that were in the harbour: pet notwithſtanding we all fell to 
dee ward of the riuer, ¢ could not after that, by any meanes recouer the height of it againe: but we 
realed not on all parts to endeuour the belt we could, ¢ oftentimes Loft company fox abap oʒ two, 
one of another, but there was no remedie, but patience,fo2 to Fernambuck we tould not come ha⸗ 
uing fo much ouerſhot it to the Roꝛthward, and the wind keeping at the South and Bouthweſt. 

remambuek in The 20 day I cooke the Sunne in; degrees 50 minuts, which was 2 degrees to the Rozih⸗ 

ape Southerl? wary of Fernambucke, and the further wee went, ebe moze vntowardlp da. the reſt of out thips 

deg go mn.  tworke, either to come into hauen, oz to keepe company one with another. And truelp J ſuppole, 
that by realon of the fro ward courte of the Admirall, he meant of purpoſe to loſe vs sfo2 A kuom 
not hob the neerer we endeuoured to be to him, the kurther off would he beare from vs, and wee 
ſeeing that, kept on our owne courſe, and lookt to our ſelues as well as we could. 

Che 24 dap our whole company was called together to conſultation, foʒ our beſt courſe: fome 
would goe fo3 the Welt India, fome directly 320th for Englands and in concluſion, the greater 
part was bent to plie koz our owne countrep, conſidering our necelſities of victuals, and freth wae 

1 ter, and yet i any place were offered vs in the way not to omit it, to ſeeke to fill water. 
A lowe Adand The 26 dap in the mo zuing, we eſpied a lowe Alland, but we loſt it againe, and could velcrie it 
4 urs. no moze. Chis Dap we found our leluesin 3 Degreesaun49 minutes. 
The 27 dap we kearched what water we had left vs, ano found but nine butt onely, fo that our 
captaine allowed but apinte of water fo a man adap, to pꝛeſerue it as much as might be, wheres 
with euery man was content, and we were then in number fiktie men and bopes. 
Mugutt, There of Aucutt we found our Celues 5 degrees tothe Noꝛtgward ok the line, all tubich mee 

neth we continued our courte homeward, without touching any where: toward the end whereof, 
Fye bine ot a ſozrowfull accident fell out in our hulke, which being deuided from vs in a calme, fell afire by 
Fluhing tber lome great negligence, and periſhed bp that meanes in che leas, wee being not able any wapes to 


mum bp ned helpe the hip, oz to laue the men. 

gence, The 4 day ol September, we hav bꝛought our ſelues into the height ok 4x degrees cc 20 mis 
nutes, ſomwhat to the Noꝛthwands of the Tans of the Agotes: and thus bulting bp anddowne 
with contrary winds, the 29 of the ſame m eth, we reached the coaſt ol England, and ſo made an 
end ok the vopage. 


A diſcourſe of the Weft Indies and South fea written by Lopeg 


Vaz a Portugal, borne in the citie of Eluas, continued vnto the yere 1587. 
Wherein among diuers rare things not hitherto deliucred by any other writer, cer- 
taine voyages of our Englifhmen are truely reported: which was intercepted with 
the author thereof at theriuer of Plate, by Captaine Muhrington and Captaine Chri- 
fropher Lifter, in the fleete fet foorth by the right Honorable the Erle of Cumberland 
for the South fea in the yeere 1586. 


Chis vopage Rancis Drake an Englichman being on the ſea, and hauing knowledge of the 
1 ſmallſtrengteh ol the to wne of Nombre de Dios, tame into the harboꝛoughona 
topes sp nige with foure pinneſſes, and landed an hundzeth and fifey men: aud leaning 
one balfe of his men with a trumpet in a fort which was there, hee with the reſt 

entred the towne without doing any harme till hee came at the market place: 

° and there his company diſcharging their calicuets,and ſounding their trumpets 

(which made a great nopfe in the towne) were anlwered by their fellowes in the forte, who dil⸗ 

charged and ſounded in like maner. Cys attempt put the towneſmen in luch extreme feare, 

that leguing their boules, thep fen into the mount aines, and there bethought themſelues what the 

matter ſhould be in the tone, remaining as men amazed at fo ludden an alarme. But the Spa; 

niards being men daz the mot part of gas: diſeretton topned foureteene o fifteene of them tones 

ther with their pieces, to lee who was in thetownes and getting toa coꝛnerok the market · place 

they dilcouered che Englichmen, and perceiuing that they were but a fe w. diſcharged their piects 

at chem; and their fortune was luch chat they llemthe trumpetter, and thot the captaine 2 


him, we 
with cer 
Dios, he 
Nombre 
an hund 
and guat 
Drake n 
not carri 
led byth 
flew fire 
viʒe: ant 
hundzed 
the marc 
pꝛoceedi 
hundzed 
hands, ¢ 
+ | 


& Vaz, 


oke out of her 
> fands, 

with the fan 
dap, and found 


that Dalamor 
g we all fell ta 
gaine: but we 
za bapo; two, 
dnot come ha⸗ 
d Bouthweſt. 
to the Rozth⸗ 
rt of our ſhips 
elp J ſuppole, 
8 :fo2 A kuom 
m vs, and wee 


tt courſe: ſome 
m, the greater 
„ and freth wa⸗ 


iter. 
could veſcrie ie 


elp, ſo that our 
ight be, wheres 


ö all which mae 
ge end thereof, 
ne, fell afire by 
e any wapes to 


grees c 20 mi⸗ 
F vp anddowne 
and Co made an 


n by Lopex 
le yere 1587. 
her writer, cer- 
tercepted with 
Captaine Chri. 
of Cumberland 


do wledge of the 
harbozougbona 
en: and leauing 
hee with the reſt 
market place: 
x their trumpets 
e forte, who dil⸗ 
extreme feare, 
nfelues what the 
But the Opa; 
pe ot ehem toes 
he market plate 
rged their pieces 
captaine (whole 
name 


Lopex Dax. Traffiques,&Difcoueries, 


name was Francis Drake) into the legge: who feeling himſelfe hurt retired toward the Font, 
where he had left the reſt of his men: but they in the Fore founded their trumpet, and being not 
anſwered ag aine, and hearing the calieuers diſcharged in the towne, thought that their fellowes 
in the towne had bene Maine, and thereupon fled to their Pinneſſes. Now Francis Drake (whom 
his men carried bec auſe of his hurt) when be came to the fore where he left his men and law them 
fled, he and the ref of his companp were in fo great feare, that leauing their furniture behinde 
them, and putting off their hole, they lwamme ¢ waded all to their Pinneſles, and departen fozth 
of the harbour, lo that ifthe Spaniards had followed them they might haue Maine them all. Thus 
Captaine Drake did no moze v.. me at Nombre de Dios, neither was there in this Cairmith any 
moze then one Spaniarde llaine, and of the Engliſhmen onely their Trumpetter, whom they 
left behind wich his trumpet in his hand. ' 

From hence the coat lieth all along till you come to Cartagena. Betweene Nombre de Dios 
and Cattagena is a great foundo2 guife, where che firſt Spaniardes that euer dwelt vpon the 
firme land built and inhabiten the towneol Dariene: howbeit they abode not long there, becaule 
of the vnhole ſomeneſſe of the place. 

But Captaine Drake being diſcontent with the repulſe that the men of Nombre de Dios gaue 
him, went with his Pinneſles into the laid bay oz Cound of Dariene , where hauing conference 
with cert aue Negros which were ranne away from their maſters of Panama and Nombre de 
Dios, he was infoꝛmed that at the very fame time many mules were comming from Panama to 
Nombre de Dios laden with gold and ſiluer. Upon this newes Francis Drake taking with him 
an hundzed thot, and the (aid Negros, ſtaped in the wap till the treaſure came by, atcompanied 
and guarded onelp by thoſe that dꝛoue the mules, who miſtruſted nothing at all. Then captaine 
Drake met with them, he tooke away their golde: but the ſiluer he left behinde, becaule he could 
not carrie it ouer the mountaines. And two dapes after this he went to The houle of croſſes cals 


len bythe Spaniarns Venta de Cruzes, where all the merchants leaue their goods, where hee vena de ce 


flew fire oʒ ſeuen ofthe marchanes, but found neither gold nop luer, but great tore of marchan⸗ 
dixe: and fo he fired the laid houte, with all the goods, which were iudged to be woꝛth aboue two 
hundzen thouland ducate, Chus not finding golve in this boule to Catiffie his minde, hee burned 
the marchants goons, and foozthwith recouered his Binnelles: where fortune ſo fauouren his 
proceedings, that he had not bene abooꝛd halfe an houre, but there came to the fea five aboue thꝛee 
bundzed ſouldierg, which were Cent ol purpoſe to take him: but God luffered him to efcape their 
hands, to be a farther plague vnto the Spaniards, 


Allo another Englichman named lohn Oxenham hearing what ſpople Captaine Drake had ion Oxenham 
done vpon that coalt, made a voyage thither to enterprise the like. is hip was of burthen about 7. 


an hunde and twentie tunnes, and he was accompanied wich ſeuentie perſons: he had conke⸗ 
rence alle with the fozeſaid Negros, but being aduertized that the treaſure was conducted by 
ſouldiers, he determined with himſelke to doe that which neuer any man befoze durſt vndertake 
to doe. For being moſt refolute of his purpole, and not looking nop fopecafting what danger 
might enſue of this bold enterpꝛize, he landed his men in the lame place where Captaine Drake 
was, and balling his thip to fore , cut Downe boughes of trees, and couered his ſhip with chem, 
and hid vy bis great oꝛdinance in the ground. Theis leauing not one man in his chip, he tooke two 


{mall peeces of oꝛdinance. and his calicuers, and good Moe of victuals, with all other neceſſaries a rmer run⸗ 


for bis intended voyage. And he went with the Negros abouetwelue leagues vp into the maine m 


land, vnto a riuer that runneth into the South lea: and by this riuer in a wood he cut downe time 
ber, and built a Pinnelſle, which was 45 foote long by the keele: which Pinneſle being fintthen, 
be went downe the river and palled into the South lea, carrying fire Negros with him fo? his 
guides, and he arriued at the Aland of Prarles being 25 leagues diſtant from Panama. This Je 
land lieth in the South lea, as they ſaile from Peru to Panama, and here he ſtaped ten daes, be⸗ 
fore he could take anp ſhipping, but at length there came a {mall barke from a place called Quito 
in Peru: this barke he tooke, and found in her 6oooo peʒas of golde, with much wine and bread: 
and not being content with this, be ſtayed a long nbile, befoze he would lende away his prise op 
any ot his men, Sbopely after he tooke another barke that came from Lima, wherein he found 
10000 peʒos o ſiluer in barres, which being all abooꝛd his Pinnelle, he ſhaped his courte tos 
ward the riuer from whence he came: but before his departure he landed on the fozeſaid land to 
ame pearleg, and went to a ſmall tomne of the Jland inbabites by Negros fo3 the fame purpoſe; 
where finding but finall tore , be returned to his Pinneſſe, and comming neere vnto the riner he 
fent away his two prizes, and with bis Pinneſle entered vp the riuer. Che Negros of the Nan 
ol perleg, lo ſoone as the Engliſhmẽ were veparted, poſted in their Canoas to Panama. ta fignifie 

8 bite 


nig into . 
pd 


WParre made 
againt the 


The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Lopex Uax. 


vnto the Gouernour what they had done. TWihereupon the Gouernour within two dapes after 
ſent out foure barkes and an hundz ed ſouldiers, and Negros to rowe, the captaine of which ſoul · 
diers was called luan de Ottega; who went firk to the Aland of pearles, ¢ there had knowledge 
which way t * Engliſymen did take, and in purluing them he met with the two prizes taken bp 
the Euglihmen, which tolde him that they were gone vp the tiuer. But when he was come to 
the enterance of the riuer, he hne w not which way to take, becaule the riuer ranne into the fea by 
thꝛee mouthes, and not all at one. Cherefope being determined withhimſelke to palle vp the grea 
tel ok the three, be law comming vowne with the ſtreame many feathers of hens out of one ok the 
leller mouthes: which mouth he entered, and layling koure dayes vp the lame, hee deſcryed the 

Englithmens pinnelle lying vpon the land, and comming to boozd her, they kound in her no moze 

but fire Engli hmen, of which chep killed one, and the other 5 fled, e hauing throughly ranfackeo 

the laid pinneſle, they coulo finde nought in ber, but victuals, Che Spaniards ſeeing this, deter. 
mined to lecke out the Engliſhmen by lend end leauing about twentie men to kecpe their barks 
they marthed with eigbtie thor vp into thy c untrep, and halfe a league from the river they found 
a little houle made with boughes, where the Engliſhmen had lefe all cheir treaſure; which the 
Spaniards tooke and cartied backe to their barkes , meaning not to follow rhe Engliſbmen any 
further: but the Engliſh captaine wirh all bis men, and aboue 200 Meg = allowed the Spa · 

niards vnto the riuers five, and ſet vpon them with great fury: howbeit the Spaniards lying bee 

hind the buſhes did ealily put the Englich o flight, and they tooke ſeuen ok them altuc, and llewe 
eleuen and five Negros: ſo the Spaniards returned with the loſſe of two men and fiue oz fire 
hurt. Then they alked hole Engliſhmen which they had taken pꝛiſoners, why they departed not 
with their treaſure, hauing lifteene dives liberties They anlwered, that their captaine had com: 
manded them to carry all that golde and ſiluer onto the place where their ſhiy was, and they were 
agreed to tarry it, although they mabe thꝛee oz fourciourneps, fo2 he pꝛomiſed to gine them part 
ok the treaſure belide their wages, but the marriners would needes haue it by and by; whereat 
the captaine being angry, bec zule they put fo mall truſt in his woꝛd, would not ſuffer his ſaplers 

to carrie it, but ſaid he would get Negros to ſerue his turne, and ſo theſe were the Negros afoze⸗ 

ſaid, whom he had bꝛought to carry away the golde and ſiluer: but by the way he met with the 

fiue Englichmen which fled from the pinnelle, who told hun of the Spaniards; and then he made 

friends with all his men, and got the Megras to take his part: but hauing the ouerthꝛow, and his 

belt men being Haine and taken prifoners, he thought to haue returnev to bis (ip, and ſo to haue 

gone fo2 England. The Spanith captaine hauing heard this difcouple of the Englich prifoners, 

buried the dead bodies, embarking all things, and with the Engliſbmen and their pinnelle retur⸗ 

ned backe vnto Panama. Thus was the Englichmens vopage ouerthꝛowen. 

Now fo Cone as the the foure barkes and the pinneſſe were arriued at Panama, the Gouer⸗ 
nour of that place Cent a mellenger ouerland to Nombre de Dios, to aduertiſe the towneſmen, 
where the Englithmens ſbip lay: whereupon they of Nombre de Dios manned out foure thips 
and went into the bay of Dariene where the Engliſhmen had lekt their ſhip, which they tooke a« 
way with them to Nombre de Dios, with all her opdinance ; ſo that the pooze Engliſhmen were 
lekt in the mountaines very naked and dellitute of all comfozt: for the Spaniards had taken out 
of the fozelaid houſe ol boughes all their tooles e other neceflaries ſo that they could by no meanes 
haue anp ſuccour: whereas otherwile they might haue builded another pinnelſe, and pꝛouided 
better for themfelues to haue returned koꝛ their owne countrep, 

Thele newes comming to the eares of the Cicerop of Peru, he thought it not conuenient to 
Cuffer thole fiftie Engliſhmen which were yet Aue, to continue ta the mountaines among the laid 
Negros. MAherekoze he Cent a ſeruant of his called Diego de Frees with 1 50 thet to ſecke them, 
who at length kound them making of Canoas to take ſome one ſmall barke o; other that ſayled 
to and agate in the Mozth fea, whereby they might the better Wife fog themſelues: but befoze 
they had Ginithen their pꝛetended woꝛke, the Spanith ſouldiers let vvon them, and tooke fiftcene 
of them that were licke: but the reft fled, whom the Spaniards purſued among the mountaines, 
and in the end the Negros betraied them and they were all taken and carried to Panama, Where 
the Juſtice alked the Englich captaine, whither be had the Queenes licenſe, oz the licenſe of any 
other inte o7 Lor : And he anſwered that he had noue, but that be came of his owne pꝛoper 
motion. Tbich being knowen to the Jullice, the Captaine and his companie were condemned 
and were all put to deaet at Panama, ſauing the Captaine bimſelke, the Walter, and the Pilot, 
and fiue bopes, which were carted to Lima, where the Captaine and the iwo other men were exe · 
cuted, but the bopes are pet liuing. 

The bing of Spaine hauing intelligente of thele matters, ſent oo men ok warre e 

egro 


peere th 
there vl 
when as 
and dio 
Spaine 
Nation, 

Non 
bre de l 
other, b 
avery g 
much ci) 
rich bp 1 
chancet 
Ip enrict 
Granad 
of Grar 
this kin, 
that che] 
can goe 
verp dee 
goods at 
the {hore 
that Cuct 
chance t. 
tes this 
which ef 
iopning 
fada toh 
is the bf 
it aftert 
nada is 


ite n 
land is v 


ex Us. fl Lopeg Vag, Tralfiques&Dileoueries, 7 


wo dapes after alſiſted ihmen 
ok which foul: Bann bas vy 1 5 he dk 
hab knowledge 
nzes taken bp 
e was come to 
into the fea by 
lle vp the grea · 
ut of one of the 
re deſeryed the 
in her no moze 
chly ranſacken 
ing this, deter. 
pe their barks f 
tuer they found 4 at they thouty 
tre; which the { be mountaines, all things were 
inglichmen any 3 great townes, where they haue 
wer che Op- dge, and with this they holde chem 
fards lying bee 4 
liue, and ſlewe 
ind ſiue oz fire 
ep Departed not 
taine had com: 
and thep were 
giue them part 
WHY; whercat 
iffer his ſaplerg s tps; n Francis 
Negros afore — t(Gon ſparing the king of bu s. t2g0, sane 
e met with the es from the inualions of other nee 
dthen yi Nati ; ai Auguftings . .: 
rthjow and bis w to go For ward with our begunne vilcourſe, the next towne vpon this coat beyond Noin- 

anid £0 to haue brede Diosis Erden 0 tenoerh ina moze healthfull place, and is a greater totone then the 
dich paifoners, other, Loydering vpon abercercountrep, which abounvech with plentie of victuals, and haung 
Pinnedte rear ⸗ . avery Goud port for the harbour of chips: and it is called Cartagena, beceuſe it refembleth very 

; much the cite of Cartagena ia dpaine. It tontaineth aboue foure hunden houſbolds. At is very 
a, cherer, . Arch by realon of the Chips Raping there, when they goe op come krom Spaine, And ik the thips 
hetowneſmenn, chance to winter beloze they goe home into Spaine, then they lie at Cartagena, Alſoit is greats 
out foure DS f wpenriched by the marchandize, which is there diſcharged to be cartped tothe new kingdome of 
ch they tooke a. g Granada, from which kingdome much golde is bought onto Cartagena, This new kingdome Nerso reyne de 
gliſumen were of Granada is two hundzed leagues within the lad: neltber can thep trauel from Cartagena to | 
i hab taken ou this kingbome by land, becaufe of the mountaines and ſtanving waters, which lie in the way, spd 
Dbp no meanes that they are kaine to carty their goods bp artuer called Che great riuer of Magdalen, bey Rioprande della 
emu can goe with their barkes but two hundzed leagues by this riuer; for although it be large and 

verp deepe, pet there runneth ſo (wift a current, that the barkes are tonſtrained to dilchage their 

eaten e goods at a place in the riuer celled Branco de Malambo, into fall canoas which rotwe kſole by Branco dee. 
emong che laid cbeſhoges lde. In this riuer are great abundance of Crocopiles, lohuge and terrible co pepolb, . 
ctoleche chem. that (uch as neuer ſawe them before are very fearefull at the Grit igt o them, fod if a man 
ber that faplen chance ta put bis hand og Foote into the water, they will treighttap catch at them, Anſome plae 
es: but befoe testhis 1228 is very vnhealthfull and full of nopfome woptmes; but che Att place thereupon - 
d tooke fiftcene which the Spaniards doe intabite callen Mompoxis exceeding healthful, Che coumtrey ap- leere. 
he mountaines, fnyning pon thisriuer thep call Che new kingvome of Granada, beruf the captaine calley Ce. 

name kiten fada which fit conquerev the Came, and inbabite there, was bonne at Granada in Spaine: fur it 

elicenteof any is che bfeofthe Sppenith captaines, when they haue conqueren any Prouince of the Indies, o call 
emden kr alter the name of the place where thep themlelues were bone. Chis new kingdome of Gra- 

Kae de nada ig verp fitutkulleand bzingetb forth much come gotber victuals,and bath many gold. minen, 

anb the 8 5 B «AD Gteat quantitic of emeralds, wherof they lend fo many into Spaine, that now they are become 

men were exe kerle toon but betoze thele countreps were e e er cnt denen 
reagainttebote Diwelling matip of the Indian people fo meeke and gentle ok nature, that they B 


Negros lind is verpplaine and holeforne, and the inhabitants are giuen to peace, pi 


782 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Lopex Vaz, 


From this kingdome they trauell to another countrey called La goucrnacion de Popayan ; it 
Perera is rich of golde, and withall very fruitfull, but fuller of mountaines then the new ning Domne of 
Granada, and bath fe wer Gudians uwelling in it, but thoſt that axe there are full of courage and 
verp valiant, which cauſed the Mpantardes to make great warre befope they could ouercome 
them. In this proutuce thete are 1 3 cownes of Spaniards,and in The new kingdome of Grana- 
da there ave nme townes ol Spaniards, N 
From this countrey of Popayan they traue ll along till they come to the firſi inhabitants of 
Que. Peru dwelling in a tomie which ioyneth vyon the Mouth ſea called Quito. Chis towne J will 
leaue anp further to (peake of till A come particularly to intreaceof Peru, Onely J haue (yo. 
ken of the two foztſald Pꝛeuinces, to the intent pou might knots, that there is a pallage by land 
Spam, en from Cactagena to Peru, wich is about fiue hundzen leagues through ; fo that belldes the two 
— tema Care hunm ed leagues which they goe vp the river, the other thee hundzed leagues is a countrep well 
inhabited and without danger to trauell in, inſomuch that ottentimes poſtes are ſent too and Iro. 
But becaule it is ſo long a iourney, marchants vſe not to trauell that way, but when they art 
inlopced ſo to doe. Ik anv fopten. Ration fhould become Lopes of the South ſea, the king of 
Spaine might haue bis treaſure conueyev vnto this towne of Cartagena from Peru, and ſo into 
Spaine, Fo; in times patk there being a rebellion in Peru made by the Spaniardes agatnſt their 
ng, be lent bis power to luppꝛeſle them through theſe Wpouinces, This A twice onelp fog 
that J knowe lone Eng liſhmen haue thought, that in taking the Douth fea, o; Panama op 
Nombre de Dios from the king of Spaine, his treaſure of Peru could nat be conueped vnto him, 
and that the king could not ſuccour Peru, if it wanted helye. Howbeit I doe here moſt certaines 
Ip allure pou, that there be many wayes to Peru. 
But now J will returne to my former diſcourſe. Upon the ſeacoaſt of Tierra firma Call · 
SeataMenhe, ard from Cartagena ſlandeth a little towne called Santa Martha, betweene which towne and 
Cartagena the ie tiuet ol Magdalen beſoʒe namen falleth into the fea with Curb a Grong 
Current, that by reaſon thereof it is knowen 20 leagues from the hope, Santa Martha (ga be 
‘poore tote, becauſe it hath uten bene robbed by the Frenchmen, and hath no trade but wit 
1 nightie à ewe Indian hat dwell thereabout. Pere beginneth that wonderfull long ridge of high moun⸗ 
Lan taines couered with Snow, which dtreatching though many tountreys, runneth along the 
kingdomes of Peru and Chili, and tontinutth to the very ſtraights of Magellan, Theſe mouns 
taines are ſeene with ſnow vpon their tops aboue thirtie leagues into the fea, At the foote oktheſe 
bo nich vate wilde mountaines there is a valley called Tagrona , which is the richeſt place that is knowen 
lop of Tage thereabout: but becauſe the counttep aviopning is fo mountainous, and the inhabitants ſo many 
and of fo good a courage, thooting popfoned arrowes which are prefent death to ſurh ag are 
worded with the lame; therefoze it lyech as pet vnconqueren, notwichBanding it hath coſt mae 
ny Spaniſh captaines their lines, 
Paſſing along the toaſt of Tierra firma ‘a the Cat of Santa Martha, there is an other ſmoll 
Ric deiteche, kowne of aboue an hundzed houſes called Rio de Hacha, This towne is ſome what rich by 
Cebodelavela, xeaſon of the pearles which they get there. Allo they haue a trade with the Indians for ſome 
Strat don af ſmall quantitie of golde. From hence they goe along the coal to Cabo de la Vela, which bee 
Narlis. cauſe it is of the Came pꝛopertie with Rio de Hacha befoze mentioned, A omit to ſpeake of it. 
Upon this coaſt there is a lake oʒ gulfe which openeth into the fea , at the mouth whereof they 
gather great ſtoꝛe of pearles. Beyond this place there is another pooze towne, which bath fire 
dz ſeuen times beene ſpopled by the Frenchmen, From hence there lpeth an high way to the 
newe kingdome of Granada, but it is aboue ſeuen hundzed leagues in length, this wap is trae 
uelled verp ſeldome, becaule the Indians will vſuallp let vpon the trauellers. Moze vp into 
the land the countrep lyeth plaine, and there is ſome golde, and a fewe townes inhabited with 
Spaniardes, whereof A haue had but ſmall notice, and therefore J let them palle. The next 
ce et place of any account is the Bland of Margarita, where there are but fewe Spaniardes inbable 
tant. Chis Nand of Margatita is very ſmall, and lpeth foure leagues from the maine lande; it 
bath beretofoze bene very rich of golue and pearles, and fo would haue continued till this pꝛeſent 
dap, had it not beene ſpoyled by men ok warre, becauſe it tandeth fo farre from the maine land, 
Erredent bor not wichſtanding they pet gather good Cope of pearles. Upon this land are bzed better bore 
tcp and , og any mules then in any other part of the Indies, cherefoze they carty them from hence to Pe. 
tu, albeit tex haue great ope of heꝛſes in Peru, hut act ſo god. And beraufe we haue begun 
to ſpeake of the Aland ol Margarita, pou are to bnverttand, chat to the Nunth of the fopefatd coat 
b 7 of Tierra firma lie aboue ſeuentie Jlands being all verp little, extept Cuba, Hiſpaniola, and Bo- 
Sane. riquen, 02 Sant Iuan de Puerto rico, which Ale of Boriquen , although it bee not verp great, 
pet 


1 


Lopes 


pet is it in 
dians, ant 
moll of th 
lue, wher 
of great! 
arles, b 
bitants 
were men 
Pypantart 
np people 
being tog 
did this v 
to indure 
morke in 
would go 
to them: 
ſelfe and! 
dians bea 
goe with! 
ok all the 
which can 
themlelut 
is loꝛ ther 
which wa: 
eight hun 
land is vn 
land affozt 
by reafon 
haue ſuch 
haue conn 
inha bit ant 
their catte 
ſed, thatt 
Spaniart 
fe victua 
it commet 
the liquoz. 
there rem. 
therok, wh 
There go 
Meere 
although. 
which hatt 
fou of the 
the lafegu 
horough k 
but onely { 
Tuan de P. 
fore J omi 
But no 
and Soutt 
till pou cor 
Aand and 
greatneſſe 
garde Fb 
river is on 
out the ot! 
which com 


— 


& Uax. 


1 
e Lopayan; it 
kingdome of 
courage and 
uld ouercome 
ume ol Grana 


inhabitants ol 
“yy J will 
J baue (po. 
pallage by land 
refides the tine 
countrep well 
nt too and (ro, 
when chep art 
a, the king ol 
ru, and ſo into 
8 agatnt their 
wy ite onelp foz 
0} Panama 2 
eped vnto him, 
moſt certaines 


ra firma Cali · 
ich towne and 
b ſuth a trong 
lartha is a be 

trade but wit 

oc high moun⸗ 
neth along the 
CTbeſe moun⸗ 
be Foote oktheſe 
chat is knowen 
it ants fo many 
to ſueh as art 
it hath coſt ma · 


an other ſmall 
ne what rich by 
dians for ſome 
ela, which bes 
to ſpeake of it. 
y whereof they 
which bath fire 
igh wap to the 
this wap ane 
Move vp into 
inhabited with 
rile. The next 
niardes inbabls 
naine lande: it 
till this pꝛeſene 
the maine land, 
zed better bore 
m 0 Pee 
e haue begun: 
he fopefatd coat 
:niola, and Ro- 
not very great, 
ret 


% 


— — ⅛—[— — ßxñtr 2 a ůi—f — — — 
Lopex Vax. Traffiques, & Diſcouer ies 783 
yet is it inhabited by the Spaniards, The other finaller lands auc bene inhabited by the In⸗ 
dlans, and haue had good ſtoze of gold, pearles, and e mraldes; but the Spaniards haue deſtroyed 
moſt of chofe Indians kr om off the earth, and in many of thole lands there is nothing of any va⸗ 

Jue, wherefore I haue ſmall cauſe to intreate any further of them. But Hifpaniola is an land Hilpaniols, 
of great bigneſſe, and hath bene verp full of people, and abounded with mines of golde and with 

arles, but now all is walted away. It was at the Spaniards Grit coming thither, as full ol ine 
laben as any place of chat bigneſſe in the whole wozlo, yet now there are none left j fo) they 
were men of fo hard a heart, chat they murthered them ſelues rather then they would le rue the pol n 
Ppaniards: lo being men vnder fo {mall ciuill gouernement as they were, neuer was there ae deines, caper 
uy people kuowen of fo reſolute and deſperate mindes: for oftentimes a great number of them 288 — 
being together ouer night, they ſhoulo be found all dead before the mozning: fuch extreme hate rannous oper 
did this brutith people beare again the Spaniards, that they choſe rather to die the death, then ward. 
to indure their inſolencies. It happened on a time, that a Spamard calling certaine Indians to 
wopke in the mines ( which labour of all others did molt grieue them) they, rather then they 
would goe, offerev to lay violent hands on themlclues: which the Spantard perceiuing Cayo vn · 
to them: ſeeing pou will hang pour (clues rather then goe and woꝛke, J likewife will hang mp 
felfe and will beare pou company, be cauſe J will make pou wogke in an other world: but the Tne 
dians hearing this, replied, we will willingly woke with vou here, to the intent pou may not 
goe with vs into another wozld: ſo vnwilling were they of the Spaniards compante,' So that 
of all the inhabitantes of this land there were none that efcaped death, laue onelp theſe ewe, 
which came to paſle by the meancs of this one Spaniarde, otherwiſe they would haue bhanged 
themlelues alſo. Some ok theſe people are pet lluing, but very few, This Hand of Hifpaniola 
és fox the moft part called The Ile of Sant Domingo, becauſe the chicfe citie thereof is ſo called, 
which was the firſt citie in all the Welt Indies hat was inhabited. There are in this-citte aboue 
eight hundzed fire-houles of good building inhabited by Gentlemen of great wealth. Chis J. 
land is vnhealthkull, for it raineth here the mot par: ok the peere. The riches that not this J. suger, hides, 
land affopvech are ſugar ( for here are many Jngenios oz lugar. houſes) and great ſloze of hives copper munes . 
bp reafon of the abundance of cattell; there are copper mines allo, which is the caule that they 

baue fuch lloze of copper · money, fog their gold mines be all exhauſted, and the golde which they 
haue commeth kram other places. Chis Bland being (as is bekozeſalde) dellitute of the firtt 
inhabitants, and the Spaniardes lacking mento woꝛke in their Jngentos, and to locke vnto 
their cattell, they were koꝛced to bring Negros thither out of Guinea, where they haue fo inttea⸗ ea 
led, that the Aland is nawe as full of them, as it was of the naturall inhabitantes; ſo that the : 
Spaniardes carrie Negros from this land to the maine lande and there ell them. The chie⸗ f 
fell victuall that they haue in tbis Bland, is a kinde of roote called luca, which being eaten as 2 root called 
it commeth new out of the ground is pꝛeſent death: but firſt they boyle it and after pꝛelle it, and le. 
the liquoz that is ſtrained therekrom is deadlppopſon: howbeit this roote being pꝛelled fo nop ,that 
there remaineth uo molſture in it, they mingle and temper the fame with water and ſo make cakes 
therof which are very ſauozy ¢ good to eat x this is all the bꝛead which they haue in thole Bande, 

There go from hence perelp into Spaine 702 8 ſbips at the leaſt full fraighted with ſugar xx hives. 

Reere vnto Hifpaniola lyeth another greater Aland called Cuba, it is like vnto Hifpaniola, The Jle ot 
although there is not fo much ſugar. The pꝛincipall towne of this J lande is called Hauana, cabs: 

which hath an excellent harbozough belonging thereunto, The towneſmen are verp rich by rear 

fons of the fleetes that come from Nueua Efpanna, and Tierra firma which touch there; fod 

the lafeguarde of which flectes and ok the towne it ſelle there is a callle built neere the laid har⸗ 

bozough kept with Spanith ſouldiers; neither is there any cattle op ſouldiers in all the Jlands 

but onelp here. There is alſo another Jland inhabited with Spantards called Boriquen 02 Sant 8 tuan de Puerto 

Iuan de Puerto rico. It is but little, yet euery way as plentifull ag the other two are; and ther⸗ no. 

foxe Fi omit to ſpeake thereof, . 

But now to pꝛoſecute my dilcourſe of the port-totunes vpon the maine lande: Caſkwarde 

and Spouthtward from Margarita there are no townes inhabited by Spaniardes oz Portugals, 

till pou come to Fernambuck vpon the coatt of Brafill; not wichſtanding that betwe ene the fapp Feambuek 

Aland and Fernambuck runneth the migbtie riuer of Marannon, whereof (both becatife of the Che great ris 

greatneſſe and the riches contayned therein) J mutt neeves make fome relation, in re: ane an. 

garde J haue pꝛomiled to ſpeake ot euery place that is of any value in all the Indice. This 

river is one of the greateſt in the woꝛlo, and was lirſt ound when as the Spaniardes foughe 

out the other coat: but none can palſe vp this riuer beraule ok the greatuelſe of the current 

which commeth vowne, ag allo there are many ſhelues ol land Iping in the mouth thereof; wher⸗ 

by it 


pletty ieſt. 


284 


Gentslo Pizarro, 


Lo Cenela. 


at ri · 
ner of Matan- 
non og Orella - 
na 


Lewis de Melo, 


Bl Dorado, 


The Englifh Voyages, Nauigations, Lope Vaz, 


by it was long beloze the riches in and about this river were kuowem, vntill ſuch tune as the 
kingdome of Peru was conquered: at which time a Captalne called Gonſalo Pizarro palling 
thorough the councrep ol Peru came at length into a lande which they named La Cancla, bi- 
tault there groweih great loge of Spinamome , but not altogether lo good as t hat which com, 
meth from the Eaft Indies, The ſayd Captaine proceeding farther into che countrep came 
at length to a migbtie riuer, where be lawe the countrep people rowing in their Candas, and 
tainging golde to buy and fell withthe Myaniards, Captaine Pizarro ſceing this, was de 
lirous to finde out the ende of this riuer, but he could not trauell by lande becaule al the higb 
mountaines: wherefore he made a mall Barke oz Pinneſle to goe and dilcouer from thence 
the lade Indians brought their golde, and ſent in the Caine Pinneſſe a Captatme under him 


with ds called Orellana , who with fifeie men went vowne the tiuer, but could not teturne to their 


Senerall Pizarro, becauſe of the great current which was very ſtrong againk them, forcing 
them to palle along the riuer, and to enter into the Sea, and ſo they faplew on io warde to che 
forefaive Ile of Margarita: but as they palſed downe this riuer the p found ic well inhabiten 
with Indians, which were pollelſed of great More of golde. Theſe men with their Pinnelle 
were palling downe this riuer eigbt monethes , loz the riuce Ipeth very crooked , which mas 
heth along way bp water, neither durſt che Spaniardes euer lande, becauſe they lawe the toun · 
trey fo full ol people, but they tooke many Canoas, wherein they had great Rope of victuals and 
fome golde. 

ee this Orellana comming onto Margarita with theſe good ne wes and riches, determi⸗ 
ned not to teturne vnto his Captaine Pizarro which ſent him, but tooke his wap from thence to 
the king of Spaine, and prefented him with the golde that he wougbt out ok the riuces wheres 
upon the king Cent him with a fleete of (hippes and fice hundꝛed men to inhabite the fapd rivers 
but becauſe of the great current and ſboldes that are therein, hee left the mot part of his men 
amd (hippes , and with thole chat remained he went vnto certaine Alandes hard bp the riuer, and 
bullt bim Pinnelles; but the countrey being very vnhealthkull, himlelke and many of bis men 
dyev, and che relldue went euery man which wap plealed him belt Che fame ol chis riuer was 
raighewap (pean though Spaine and Portugal , inſomuch that a Gentleman sf Portugal cals 
led Lewis de Melo ached licenſe of Don Iuan the third, then king of Portugal to gocanp cons 
quere the (apd river  fop from the mouth of this river to the mout of the riuer of Plate, is that 
part of America which the kings of Portugall (accogbing to the partition made betweene them 
and the kings of Spaine ) doe holde: lo that the king of Portugall hauing this riuer in his part 

aue it to the laide Lewis de Melo to conquere: who taking tenne ſhips and eight hundred men 
Teng which many were gentlemen ) and comming to the mouth of this river , Loft all che laid 
chips fauing two, in one of the which two was Lewis de Melo himſelke: alſo the moſt part of 
the men that were in the (hips catt away were ſaued and got to the ſboze, and fo went by lande to 
the Nand of Margarita; from whence they were diſperſed throughout all the Indies. 

Thus theſe two fleetes of ſhips being fo vnfoztunatelp caſt away, neuer durſt any Captaine 
afterward attempt by lea to conquer the ſayde riuer. Powbeit from the kingdome of Nueua 
Granada befope mentioned there haue gone two oy three Captaines by land to diſcouer it, fo2 a 
rumour went outer all the countrep of the great riches contatned in this riuer; whereuyon the 
Spaniards named it El Dorado , that is to ſap, The golden riuer. It is thought that God will 
not haue this riuer to be knowen, for that one Captaine by lande gan mast of his people llaine by 
thofe of the countrey, and others loz want of victuals re Oo chat none ok all thele came 
to any plaine dilcouery, till a few peeres paſt a Captaine of the countrep ol Nauarre called Pe- 


robo de Ou dro de Orzua, who went from Peru almolt the fame wap that Sonſalo Pizarro had befoye dil 


couered, and was accompanted with about ſome fenenhundzen Spaniards, it being a great mar⸗ 
uell how he could get fo many, amongſt whom were many Gentlemen and als foulvicrs of Pe- 
ru, who cauſed diners mutinies and inſurrectians, as hereafter A will mope at large declare, 
which mutinous ſouldiers were the caule ol their captatnes death. bowbeit with all hele men 
captaine Pedro de Orzua tame vnto head uf the laid riuer: but you mutt onderitand, that hie 
riuer is nourithen not onelp with the toaters and frethets that come from the mountaines ot 
Peru, but alfo by all the rivers between the Equinoctiall and ſixteene degrees of Ooutherlp la⸗ 
titude, which fall thereinto and tauſe it to be lo great. Nowe at che head ok this river the fayoe 
Tapkatnt Pedro de Orzus made Bicone Pineſles with many Canaag, wherein he carrion a. 
botis two thouland Indians to helpe him, with many hoꝛles and other prouifion , as meaning ta 
inbabite chere: fop it was not pollible for him to carty all his prouition by lande becaule the 
mouncaines be very great, chere being allo betweene them many {mall riuers which fal os 


returnt to their 
in them, forcing 
n fopwarde to the 
ic well inhabiten 
ich their Pinnelle 
oked, which mas 
ep ſawe the coun⸗ 
ne of victuala, and 


riches, determi⸗ 
ap from thence tu 
the riuer: wheres 
ite the Capo rivers 
lt part of his men 


m Portugal cal 
all to goe and cons 
er of Plate, is that 
abe betweene them 
8 riuer in his part 
eigbt bunmed men 
ier, Lott all the laid 
ſo the moſt part ol 
o went by lande to 
Indies. 

urſt any Captaine 
ingdome of Nueua 
o dilcouer it, for a 
r; whereupon the 
igbt that God will 
his people ſlaine by 
ne ok all theſe came 
Nauarre called Pe- 
arrohan befoye dil 
being a great mar⸗ 
d ſouldicxs of Pe- 
e at large Declare, 
with all ihele men 
nderſtand, that this 
the mount alnes of 
es of Southerly la- 
this riuer the Cape 
rein he carried a. 
on, as meaning to 
lande, becaule the 
ers which fall ous 


— ä—— — — — — — — 


this gteht riuer about feagues out of the land. o this c.ptaine haume all bis clungs i 
good 5 rtuer wirh hen whole company , and at length came from among the 
‘a 0 
een 0 ne, 
and dt vpon it all the winter: where betauſe it rate th much, and withall is very hot, fick. 
nes of victuals began to preuaile among tt them, whcrupon che foulDiers fell a mutmu · 
ring among themſt lues. Foz comming out of Peru, whichis one of che feucfulled o vichedt couns 
tries of the world, they were more inclined to haue their lil ol bread and meat then to apply their 
bodten tb Ibour: which was the cauſe that albett the comntrey in which they now were, was tx. 
ding fruitful, and that they ſaw with their eyes mol tuldent apparant es of golde, x allo that 
vp into the countrep it leemer to be much better; pet fop all this tdey murmured o would needes 
teturne fon Peru from mhenct they tame. In the company ol thele men there was a ſouldier of 
prey Aw Lopez de Agira, a verp littie man of bodie ¢ lame of one of his legs, bus very vall· 
ant and e 
res e giue ower his old wont, but ac ked bis fetlow-fouloters, what they went to 
ſeeke fon in thole wild delerts whither they were brought’ Fon (ſald he) il . fecke riches there 
ate enough in Peru. and there is bread , wine, ſleſh, and faire women allo ; ſo that it were bets 
ter to tonquer that, and to take it out ol the handen of the Spaniarves , and that it wert no hard 
enterppise, be caule all ebe ſouldiers and pooze men of Peru would turne buco them, and that that 
were a bertel courſe, then to goe and conquere the fauage people in thole mountatt yt d that 


at they would carry ich the 
it mete de lkte teaize behind them all che Andi cher 8 | 
. abt re ed e,becanfebe knew 


8 
N le 
mleted were lo their laueguat 


5e, A Mould be ouet tedious unte you. Onely in feme wore Flay, chat this man precees 
. tim ene tae aoe te: 
: v 


Lopes de Agira 
ceinche wares, Thisman hauing bene one of the prmeipall mutiners Ps Panerroms 


— 


eS — 
3 — — 


— 
— 


— —' — 


== 


| The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Leper Usz, 


anb was come to Margarita, be bab no moze left but two bundzen and thirty men, for the teſt bee 
hav put to death, and left on Cope among the people of the countrey; all ubich tyranny he 
betauſe be euer ſtood in feare o€ his life: for had de ſcent at S 
together ; he would ſtteight luſpect chat they were cunſpiring of bis death, and therefoze be ven 
Gresedoye ot e Practifes abouelaive « And he neuer went anp wap, but chat bee bad in bis conmpany chictie 
gold in the ri Biſcaines ol his one will and minde teadie to execute bis cruell purpofes, ‘A 
A2 s thele ſouldiers wich their Captaine came dotune the riuer, they ſawe many Canoag with 
golde in them pafling tuo and fro, and people on both fines of the riuer, and in their patlage many 
tunes they landed, and got good Qoze of golve and victuals. Not alſo nid they finde that to be 
aaa twos true which Orellana had repented, namelp that there were Amazones, that is to lap, women 
Peine bein dul. that lige in the marren wich bowes and arrowes : but thele women fight to aide their haufbends 
Banos the and not by themſelues alone without ehe companie of men, a8 Orellana repozted, There wert 
warres, gl thele women vpon diners partes of this riuer, who ſeeing the Spaniaroes with their 
bulbandes came in tofuccour them, and thewen tbemſelues moge valiant then their ; 
fap which caufeis was named, Theriverof Amazones, Che Spaniacdes intent mes onely to 


22 doit of r e eee Lopez de Agira binfelfe was 


786 


arcineth at |. ca, the Goustnour thereof ſuppoling he bad bene one of the kings lopall captaines ,receiu 
rege, toh pinneltes , and bhougbe good ftoze of victuals bnto hun. Tut be pg the apo Goren 


da came againt him with a power of men: but L 
e = 
rate of ꝛ loʒ euen bis one men N ˖ 
Captaine, — 3 bam, and tooke part wich the kings 


cherous am milchieuous dealing the king would neuer fin 
"renin diſconered; lu that the riches and treaſure of the Lain 


Che 
man e the kingof P. cauſed to be made to the Baſt Indies: and the fopeſayde Pedro Aluren 
e tooke palleſſion of this land fu the king ol Portugall : whereupon the king Don Ene 
is wag at tbe newes chereof ſent prefentlp hhippes to vucouer the whole countrey, and foundit to be 
2 ap fo} which cauſe there grewe loms contro 
uerſie between paine kinſmen and great friends one to another, 
1417 thoulo holde all the ches 


8 : 1 
. veka ie gi 


Loper 
gellan, ant 
galled Seal. 
and his thc 
fea five; wi 
was ſent b. 
haue reaſon 
fore the kin 
turall inbat 
and are mat 
they are ſto 
Matannon 
Olinda. B 
ny peeres p 
aud built th 
wood. Bu 
ſhippes wit 
into the mo 
inhabited th 
Captaine 
thouſand ho 
bundance ol 
Portugall o 
harbour, at 
Coélio, B 
Sant Franc 
babited wit 
Bayha belo 
the lame. as 
cotton, but 
where they 
thoughthe c 
called As Ill 
three Inge 
als in their ſ 

The ner 
teine not in 
along the co 
the ſholdes 


Angenios. 
ing loz the 
king of Spai 


Lopex Vax. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 787 


gellan, and ankozed ten league s within the laid riuer befope a little Aland lying hard by another 
galled Seal- land. On which Nland the Captaine of one of the thips called Chriſtopher Lifter, 
and his whole company landing, found the king of Poꝛtugales armes grauen on a rocke by the 
fea five; which are thought to haue beene there engrauen by one Martin Alonſo de Souza, wha 
was fent by the king Don Emanuel to diſcuuer this coaſt. Therefore J thinke the Poꝛtugales 
haue reaſon fo that which they alleage concerning the extenſion ofthe {aid coaſt of Braſil. LAher⸗ 
fore the king of Portugall gaue this land to diuerſe of his gentlemen ta inhabite. Moſt or che nae 
turall inhabitants of this countrep are very rude, and goe Marke naked both men and women, 
and are man- eaters; for which cauſe they make warres one againſt another to get men to cate; 
they are Tout and good bow · men. The fir place inhabited on this cont beponde the riuer of 
Matannon is called Fernambuck fo named bp the Indians, but in Portugal it is called Villa de Fernambuck, 
Olinda, Beſoze pou come to this place t ere is a poꝛt called Paraiua, vnto which port not ma A bolt tite bp 
ny peeres pat the Frenchmen bearing of the troubles which were then in Portugall reſozted, the ¢renchme 
aud built there a foꝛt; whereunto certaine French hips made peerely vopages to lade Braſill- at Paraiva 
wood, But they of Fernambuck, wig) the helpe of the Sopaniarnes, went and burnt fine french 
Hhippes within the pore, and tocke che fore it ſelſe, and the Frenchmen that were there fled part 
into the mountaines, and part of them were ſlaine; fo that fince that tine the Spaniatves haue Parsiua now in · 
mhabited there till tbis pꝛelent. Nowe to returne to Fernambuck inhabited by a Poztugall Barer OP 
Captaine called Duarte Coelio, it is the greateſt towne in all that coaſt, and hath aboue three Fenambuck cos 
thouland houles init, with ſeuentie Ingenias fo; ſugar, and great ſtoze of Bpalill-twood and ax hugs. 00 
bundance of cotton, pet are they in great want of victuals: for all their victuals come either from 
Portugall o from Come places vpon the coatt of Braſill. Che harbour of this towne is a barred 
harbour, and fit onely fo; ſmall barkes: this place belongeth as pet vnto the fonne of Duarte 
Coélio, Bepond this towne lyeth the Cape of Sant Auguſtin, and next thereunto is the riuer of gave s. aux. 
Sant Francifco, which is a great riuer. Betweene this riuer and Bayha it is all a milderneſle in- Ric de sant 
habited with cruell faluages , fo2 whomſoeuer thep take they kill and eate him. The towne of Frencico. 
Bayha belongeth to the king, and therefoꝛe the gouernour of all the coat keepeth his relidence in nayhaa towne 
the lame. as alſo the biſhop. It containeth 1000 houſes, 40 Ingenios for ſugar, and hath much ee 
cotton, but no Bzaſill-· wood at all. The fea runneth vp into the countrephere 140215 leagues, 
where they get fome peres good fee of Amber · grieſe. Pere is great plentie of victuals, anv ale 
thoughthe countrey be hot, yet is it healthkull, x the aire holeſome. The next towne vpon the coalt 
called As Ilhas, 02 Che Ales, is but a ſmall towne, containing not aboue 1 5 o houles, and but Astines, 
thꝛee Ingenios fo ſugar. Moſt of the inhabitants are labouring men, which vle to carry victu⸗ 
als in their ſmall barkes vnto Fernambuck: their Loꝛd is called Lucas Giraldo. i 

The nert place vnto this is called Puerto Seguro: it conſiſteth of 4 {inal townes, which con⸗ ens Segue, 
teine not in all aboue ; oo houſes. The inhabitants of this towne alſo liue by carrying of victuals 
along the coat; and the towne it ſelle belongeth to the Duke de Auero. Hard by this pat begin 
the holves which they call Abrolhos; and theſe ſholdes lie aboue a5 leagues into the fea, chilies Aueciian 
The next habitation of Chꝛiſtians beyond chele ſholdes is Eſpirito Santo which conſiſteth ol Eipicito santo. 
two cotunes , both of them contayning about 500 houſes: and they belong to a gentleman called 
Vaſques Fernandes de Coutinho. . 1760 

From hence you paſſe along the coat to the riuer of Ienero, which bath about chee hundzed Rio de lenco, 
bouleg. In this place the Frenchmen fie inhabited, whole Captaine was called Monſieut 
de Villegagnon. The laid Captaine made here a fort, and planted good opdinance thereon, and 
laded euerp peere great foe of Bꝛaſill · wood from hence, and had great friendſhip wich the {als 
uage people, who did him good ſeruice, by reaſon whereof the Frenchmen reaped much bene · 
lite out of this countrey. But che king ol Porcugall {ent out a power againt the Frenchmen, 
who fir tooke the french ſhippes by lea, and then landed and beſieged the fore ,and at length 
tooke it, and the Captaine thereol: vnto whom, becauſe he was a gentle perſon, and neuer hurt 
the Poztugales, they gaue thirtie thouland durats fop his oꝛdinance, and for all other things that 
were in the fore,and lo ſent him koꝛ France. Since which time the Poꝛtugales haue inhabited this 
riuer. Chere are at this pꝛeſent onely two Fugenios , but great ope. of Bzaſill. wood, with 
plentie ‘of victuals. 4 

From this riuer of enero “hep paſle along the coaſt to Sant Vincente, which hath 4 townes, Koure townes 
the gresteſt whereofis ealled Santos, and confitteth of foure hd ze heules, there ate alls hace r bet Moen 
Angenios. A fewe pecres paſt there came two Cuglih hips into this harbour which were gar Vincence. 10 
ing lon che Streights of Magellan, Cibo being in this poze there came thither three of the man were p. 
King of Spaines ſhips, and fought with the „ but the Engliſhmei. Cunke one ol Asso 3 

* 2 ps, 


788 


the riner of 
Sant Vincente 


12 


de Nland ol 
Senca Catelina. 


Rio dela Placa 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, Lopex Vag 


thips, and therefore the king commandeb a fore to be made, to the ende that no Englulh hippen 
that were bound loꝛ the Areights of Magellan fhould victuall there, the which fort anveth on 
the mouth ol the harbour. This count rey belongeth to a Gentleman called Martin Alonſo de 
Souza: this is the laſt inhabited place vpon all the toaſt ol Braſill. This coatt of Braſill is very 
kull ot mountaines, and bath much raine falling vpon it, fo2 which caufe they cannot goe from 
tome to towne by land: all the habitations ot this countrep are by the ſen ſide. From Sant Vin- 
oente the coat is all mountainous, till pou come to the Ile of Santa Catelina, and from this Ilam 
till pou come euen to the ſtraights of Magellan, the coaſt is very plaine and without woods. 
pꝛoceeded thus karre, it will not be amiſle to ſpeabe ſomewhat of the riuer of Plate, 
which is one of the greateſt riuers in all the wozld: fop at the mouth it is aboue fine and twentie 
leagues from land to landꝛand the Spaniarvs haue gone vp in it aboue fire hundzed leagues, and 


could not att aine to the heav thereof. The firl Spaniard that entered this riuer, and inhabited 


the lame was called Solis, who paſſed vp 100 leagues into it, and called it by the name of Rio de 


la Plata, that is to lap, Che riuer ot ſiluer, becaule of the fine and cleare water that is in it, for % 


haue not heard of anp filuer that euer was found there. The laide Solis returned into Spaine, 
without anp further fearch into this riuer: howbeit another Captaine called Sebaftian Cabota 
went vp this river 150 leagues, and built afore, which fort ſtandeth vntill this pꝛeſent: where 


legauing his Hips, he went higher vp the riuer in mal innelles and all along as he went he found 
many Indians: but finding neither gold nop ſiluer, nor ought elle of any great value, he retur 


ned to his ſhips, and ſapled ſoꝝ Spaine. Not many peeres after a tertaine Gentleman called Don 
Pedro de Mendoęa furniched forth a great fleete of thips, wherein were ſhipped a thouland men, 
kontie mares, and twentie hoꝛſes, with all other creatures to inhabite this riuer: and comming 
thither he went vp into the countrep to {ee bobat riches he could there finde, leauing all his Uufft, 
cattle, ann pꝛouiion at a plate called Buenos Ayeres, fo named in regard of the freſhnelſe of the 
ape, and the healthfulnelle ofhis men, during their abode there: this plate was eightie leagues 
within the river, and here he landed lirſt: at this plate the riuer is aboue ſeuen leagues bꝛoav, and 
very low land on both fives without trees. This tiuer is very often ſubiect to great and ſudden 


ſtozmes, fo that with a forme this Don Pedro loſt eight ot his ſhips, and in the reũ he returned 


fn mere a 
incrraſe of 
a few holes 
and mares, 


Le Afcenfion 
ise 


fo} Spaine, Caping to his men, that he would goe fecke victuals, and lo left che greater part of 
them behinde. In his waybeme ward ve died, and the pooze men which he leſt behind hun, for 
che molt part of them died ſoz hunger allo, becauſe in that place there were very few Indians, and 
therefore but mall Rope of victuals, onely they liu by hunting of Deere, and by liching. Of all 
the men that Don Pedro left behind him there were but two hundzed remaining aliue, who in the 
ſyip· boates went higher vp the riner, leauing in the place called Buenos Ayeres their mates and 
holes: but it is a wonder to ſee, that of thirty mares and ſeuen hozſes which che Bpantards left 
there, the increafe in foptie peeres was ot, that the countrey is 20 leagues vp full of holes; 
whereby a man map coniecture the / okthe patture, and the kruitkulnelſe of the loile. 
The Spaniards that went vp this ri ed thzee hundzed leagues, and found the tountrey ful 
ol Indians: who had great plenty of victuals. among wbom the Spaniards dwelt as their kriends, 
and the Indians bell owe their daughters in mariage vpon them, and fo they vwelt altogether 
in one towne, which che Spaniards called La Aſcenſion, and it ſtandeth on the Nozthlide of the 
rier, The forefaiy Spaniardes were twentte peres in this place, befoꝛe any ne wes of their inba⸗ 
biting Water was hꝛougbt into Spaine : but waxing olde, anv fearing that when they 
were dend, their fons which they hav begotten in this countrey being very many, thould tine with 
out the kom edge ol anp other Chꝛiſtians; they determined among themſelues to build a fhip, 
and to ſende ne wes into Spaine with letters vnto the king ok all things that had patter among 
them vpon that river, Theſe newes being brought to the king, he Cent three (hips, with a Bio 
and certaine Pꝛieſts, and Friers, and more men and women to inhabite, with all kind of cate 
when this ſutrour was come, they inhabited in two places moze on the Nozth fine of the riuer, 
and tratielled tince hundzed leagues rd the Aſcenſion; but finding neither gold no? ſiluer, 
they returned backe againe vnto the Aſcenſion. Che people are fo multiplyed in this citie, chat 
how it is one ot the greateſt in all the Judias, and containeth aboue two thouſand houſes. The 
tountrey adiopning is exceeding fruitfull,abounding with all kinds of victuals, ¢ with ſugar and 
cottcn, From this citie of Aſcenſion 1 30 leagues tomatos the mouth cf the riuer andeth ano · 
ther towne which chey call Santa Fe, on the Sauth fine of the Cain riuer, from which tawne there 
Iperh an open high way leading into the land of Peru, ſo that when I come to intreat of Peru J wil 
2 wap, and declare whofith tuund it. Allo flue peeres paſt they haue inhabited ane w 
towne of Buenos Aytes un the South lide of the riuer — lacie 


Lape 
the coat 
would b 
were gat 


Sper 
xed, cith 


the wozld 
Portugal 
whole w 
tie theres 
nes bone 
in cofmo; 
reigne, d 
Giles okt 
and that h 
ſuch inkal 
ſhips aud 
tame tot 
fapling or 
loge by Sc 
came at le 
harbour, 
men, and 
taptaine, 
ſea, and w 
fore he ent 
returned. 
the laid fo, 
fanding | 
this long t 
thought v 
by meaner 


* 


Lopex Vax. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


the coatt of BraGill, but thtir to tune was fuch / that ibe verp firft time they went to Braſill, and 
would baue returned agaime to the riuer of Plate, they were taken by two ſhiys of England that Two EngU 
were gung koz the ſtreights of Magellan. ps, wbefeot 


i is ne Che coat along kom this riuer to the ſtreights of Magellan hath not bene perfectly vifcouce — 
N aiid m 4 rep, either bp (ea op lande, ſauing onely certaine pores which they haue found, ſapling to the 
ichs AV 4 Reeights, Iiyerefoe palling them ouer, J will bere intreat of the (aive ſtreights, and declare 
— i who was the ict finder of them, as likewile what was the caule why they were ſought loz. 
r ol P| 1 She Poztugales therefore bauing firſt found and conquered the Ealt Indies, and diſcoueted 
10 the ate, 3 the coaſt of China, with the Jlands of the Malucos, (all which places abound with gold, pꝛecious 
i 7 Sones, filkes, uw other rich commonicies ) ann bzinging home che foreCaive riches in their (hips 
ph e tuto Portugal: there grewe by tis meanes great enuie betweene the Poztugales and their 
1 al Riode ’ neighbours the Spaniardes; inſomuch that the Councell of Spaine {aide unto the Emperour 
in it, fp “4 4 Charles the fife being then their king, that the Boztugales would be Lopdes of all the riches of 
n, 1 the world, Upon which wozds beganne a controuerſie betweene the Emperour and che king of 
8 bo 7 : Portugall: but they being great friends befone, and alfo kiaſmen, agreed immediat iy to part the 
ie ¢ ‘aire 4 whole wopld betwecne them, in ſuch wife as J for my part could neuer udertand the certains 
nt be fare tie thereof, Cheiworld being thus diuided, a oꝛtugal-geutleman called Fernando Magella- Femande Me. 
e 4 nes bozne in a plate of Portugal called Punta de la barte, being of a good boufe,¢ very welfcene ? 
; allen Don q in coſmographie, and an excellent Pilot, as allo being offended with Don Emanuel his Soues 
land then reigne, vtparted out of Portugall into Spaine , and affirnted to the Councell ol Spaine, that the 
a „ : Ales of the Malucos were in chat part of the woꝛlde which was allotted to the king of Spaine, 
Ibis 7 0 4 and that he would fade a ſhozter wap thither then the Wortugales tooke, and layed before them 
nelle of che P Cuch infallivte reaſons, that the Councell giuing crevice vnto his woꝛdes ſent him to fea with fue 
05 le {hips aud 400 men all very well appointed. Tdirey theſe fue chips ſetting ſaile from S. Lucar, be 
1 Game tothe coatt of Brafill, where at chat time two places were inhabited by Pogtugalteg, and fo 

7 b and fapling on alon that coat be pallen by the riuer of Plate, which riuer was dilcouered a little bes 
and ſudden foxe by Solis. And notwithltanding many ſtopmes. and great mutinies among bis companie , be 
he returned i tame at length vnto 48 degrees, to the Southwards ok the riuer ol Plate: where he found an 
mer part bad harbour, which he named Puerto deSant Julian, and wintered there: and there allo be hanged 3 Pores, ln. 
no hun o: men, aud put on (hore a Pꝛieſt, becauſe they would baue made the tompany to ſtand agalalt bei 
28 taptaine, and ſoto haue returned backe againe. But in the end houing pacified his men, he put to 
ing. rk all . lea, and within 5 dayes after he found the ſtreights, which by him were fo much delired: but be⸗ Che difconery 
stobotntbe foe he entered the laid ſtreights there befell Cuch a mutinie in one of his chips, that the ſame ſhip 1 
eee 8 returnen backe againe. And lo himlelfe with the other foure ſbips entering the Artights, one ul 
* wt ‘ the fato foure with all che men therein was caſt away at the very enterance: which lolſe notwith 

15 ae Handing he pꝛoceeded on with the other three (hips, and paffing many troubles and bangers in 

oF thelo ful this long vifcouerp , ceaſed not to profecute hisintendenvopage, This dilcouery was at the firſt 
ountrep thought berp profitable vnto the Spaniards , but of Lace it har pꝛooued very hurtfull bneo them 
eit friends, bp mcanes of certaine coaſters which haue Caplen che lelke lame courle. Chere tretghes ſtand in Che Sontyers 
beastie 52 degrees ann abalfe of Southerly latisune, Allo here isto benaten, that it is colder to the ("ure et 


Douth ward of the line then to the Mopehward : in ſuch wile, that in kozty degrees to the Souths of Nageln. 
ward the colde is maꝛe ſharpe, then in fiftie degrees to the Mozth: experience doth alwaies ſhew 
the (ame ; fop it is a cole euen in the ſertigbes of Magellan, as it is in lixty Degrees of Noꝛther· 
Iplaticuve, Dow) e colde is not the cauſe why nauigatoꝛs frequent not the Came, but the 
WleRerly and Sour ) windes, which blowe mot furiouſly on that coaſt, and that oftentimes 
Out ok the very mouthol the ſtreightes, and lo continue fo) the mot part of che petre. Allo there 
runneth ſometimes ſuch a ſtrong current, that if the winde and it Joe all one wap, the cables 
cannot holde, neither can the hip wirbltand the foꝛte -hercof, Foz which caule, and allo fop that 
there is no harbour till pou be palled 3 o leagues into the laid ſtreighes, mot part of the hips that 
baue gone chither baue inoured many iroublts before they could come tothe üreigbts, and being 
tome to the mouth thereof they haue bene hindered by the current and winde and fo haue bee ne 
backe againe. And to the end pou may vnderſtand the truth, J will declare vnto pou all the 
8 pat though the {aid ſtreights, ſince Magellan firſt found them, vnto this 


prefent peere of 15 8 6, when J haue once ended my diſcourſe of Magellan his omne have 
age. owe pou are by the wap to vnderſtande, that the Nozth five of the enterante of cheſe N 
Kreigb s ts plaine lande without any wood og trees: here are lie wiſe fome Indians though Pe 
Rot Many, pet are they very mightie men of bodie of ten oz eltuen foot high, and good bow. men, 


but no man-caters , neither haue they any victuals , but uch as they get by hunting and Aithing; 
Uvv / they 


they couer their bodies wath the Caines of beatts that they kill, to defend them from the colde: 
neither tas there euer to this day anp ſiluer o; goloe found among them oꝛ in their countrey. 

Ehetengry ot Thele Streights ( theplap ) extend in length from Caf to Wied about an hundzed and twentie 

spe trngpcsof leagues. At the middle of theſe ſtreights an the Noꝛth ſide are many mountaines couered wich 

u möcht ring SHOW, which mouncaines liretch from thence along the frontiers of Chili,Peru,and Nucuo teino 

of mountans. de Granada, euen vnto the (hope of the 320th fea at Santa Martha, as J haue before ſignifled. 
At is a wonder to behold che exceeding beigth of thele mountatnes, and the way which they cons 
tinue couered with ſuow, fe; tuen vnder the Equnoctiall line thep baue as much ſnowe vpon 
their tops as in 32 Degrees, Alſo it is woꝛthy the rtmembꝛance, that all this countrep towarde 
the Mouth fea is very fruittull, anv the people very dilcrecte and gentle: but all the coatt to 
wardes Braſul vpon the Noth (eats poore, whereas neuer pet was found any commoditie of 
account, and the pecpie themſelues are very cruell d (aluage; fo2 the will of Gon is, that gooy 
and ciuul men ſbould inhabite fruit full countries. And ſoꝛ the better vnderllanding hereof pow 

muſt note, that all che land lying betweene the (ald ridge of mountaines and the South lea tg 
cCnl Peu, vb called bp the names ol Chili, Peru, and Nueuo reino de Granada , which are the beſt and richest 
| Nacuoreino de countreys in all the wold: and moſt part of the land from the (aid mountaines to the Noꝛth len is 

N e called Brafill, being a mountainous countsep, * where as pet was neuer found eitgur golde o 

there are foumd ſiluer. From the ſaid mount mines in the middle of the Areights the land riferh high, till pou come 

3 rieg to the end ok the ſtreights where pou enter into the South (ea, in which place next the South lea 

: the ſtreights are very dangerous, by reaſon of the Moles ¢ rocks that lie on the Noꝛth fide. Thus 

Magellan alter he had entered the South ſea within 6o dapes came to the les of the Malucos, 

seat) oF without touchung at any land until he came thither: and lo feeking there ta lave his Mhipsat an 
Plano inhabited by Moozes, he was by them creacheroullp Maine, Now the Spaniards bei 

tos few fop the managing of ail hare (hips, becaule many of them were dead partly with lichntz, 

and partly with the har duelle of the voiuge, determined to abandon one of their laid ſhips, and ſo 

mannes the other two: which two being laden with (pices and other riches knew not what courſe 

they were bet to take: howbeit at length it was Deterniined, that one of hele two Lips ſhould go 

log Nueua Efpania , aud the other fo) the tape of Buena Eſperanęa, and ſo fo Spaine. The hip 

SeBiftien del Ca. that went fo} Spaine was called The Victorie, the Pilot whereof was a Biſcain named IuanSe. 

vo the fr ma baftian del Cano, to whom the king gaue great rewardes, and appointed him the globe faz hig 

1 2 armes, whereon was wzitten: Primus omnium circundedilti me: that is, thou art the firt man 

mov, that euer ſapled about me. 

And albeit this voyage was fo long and trouble ſome ag is before mentioned , vet man others 

Sun dir ur haue attempted the ſame. And the next that fought to paſſe the (aid Areights of Magellan were 
two ſhips of Genoa , which comming as farre as the mouth of the ſtreigbts were by a migbtie 
ftopme diuen backe againe, and one of them, whole maſter mas called Pancaldo , put into the rie 
uer of Plate, and was cat away about Buenos Acres, where to this bay part of the ſaid {hip is to 
be ſeene, and ſome of the men are pet lining in the riuer among the Bpantards: and the other hig 
returned to Genoa againe. 

SB ag. Allo tbere was a bithop of PlacenciainSpaine, who coueting riches, ſet foopth a fleet of foure 
failes,to paſſe the ſtreigbts, and ſo to goe fop the Malucos: and getting licenſe of the E mperour 
he ſent his laid 4 ſhips toward the ſireights which had very faire windes till they tame thither:but 
being entered 20 leagues within che ſreights, a Ropme of Meſlerly windes tooke them, ¢ dꝛoue 
3 of them on hore, ¢ the fourth backe into the (ea, which the ſtoꝛme being pak) returned into the 
ſcreighes to ſeeke foꝛ his couſoꝑts, found many men going on the hores five , but the hips were 
beaten all to pieces, Do they on land called vnto the Hip; but the captatne therol, conſwering that 
his ſhip was but little, chat he had but ſmall ſtoze of victuals, would not go to them on ſhoze, bue 
pꝛoce eded on his vopage, ¢ paſſed the ſtreigbes. And becaute he was alone he would not ſaile ta 
the Malucos, but went for the coatt of Peru to the citie of Lima, where the ſhip remaineth bute 
this day. The men of the other three ips, which were left in che ſireights being to the member of 

*Gontiluo de two hundzed and fiftie ( whofe Captaine being kinſman to the biſhop of Placencia was talen 

88 Med Queros) were neuer heard of vntill this prefent dap, it being foꝛtie peres fince they were lell 
dis Captains there, A peare after this, certaine marchants of the Groine in Galicia fer foot) other thꝛte hips, 

Kau- Which chips elfe came ta rbe reighes mouth where one of them buas calf swap witz all the en, 

en mothe echer two returned fp Spaine. 

en Allo A baue hav intellit ente of certaine Portugal (hips, which being tome to the mouth of 

n: the Streights loft two of their Pinnelſes which they ſent to diſcouer the land, and then returner 

1 * pack. And alter thele, uo French (hips were Lent fromthe riuer of lenero by a de Vile 

Bagnon, 


Lope 
legagn 
of ronti 


that it fe 
perres! 


and the 
Cape V. 
called N 
vnta hin 
lot him. 
Fron 

he winte 
returne: 
there foz 
This 
dayes ge 
windes 
John W. 
home int 
grees of 
water, a 
beeing fa 
Mocha; 
turned bi 
felfe was 
Going 
Valpasiz 
and wine 
ſhülings 
Coquim 
uers to k 
ſent twel 
tomming 
one of th 
with 94 
Spaniar 
Tago, tha 


arizos | 


and richest 
orth {ea is 
r golde op 
{you come 
Douth fea 
ſide. Thus 
Malucos, 
Chips at an 
ards being 
th fickneg, 
ohat courſe 
s fhouln ge 
. The thip 
d Iuan Se- 
lobe fea his 
e firt man 


lanp othert 
ellan were 
a mighbtie 
into the ris 
d ſbip is to 
eother this 


et ol keure 


— — on — rns = a ech deimlieilsiiseahitinnces, 
Lopex UN. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 791 
legagnon , but being rome to the latitude of 45. degrees, they were d inen backe by a tome Two trene 
of rontrary winds, Arter all this the gouernour Of Chil 3 de Mendors ‘tame pe 
tothe Parques of Cannette determining to diltouer the ſayd Streights from the South fea, o Magellan 
feng (vom Chili two Hips vnder the conduct of a captaine called Latherelio: bm the danger to i 
ſecke theſe Scretgyes bythe Sourh lea is more then by the Noꝛth (ea, becaufeatlehetoymes 
of the Rozth lea come krontthe land, but in the South fen all the windes and topes come off i 
the lea, and force the hips to run vpon the ler · hoe, inſdmuth that the layd two ſhips were cat 
awapin ſiftie degrees. 

The ſeeking of thele Strelghts ol Magellan is fo dangerous, and the voyage fo troublefome, 
that it fcemeth a matter almott impollible tobe perfourinen, inſomuch that koz the Space of thirty 
bebres no man made actounktherrok; vnttll ok tate ont Francis Drake an Engliſhman (of wbom Sas 
J baue before ſpoken) ſeeing hee could doe no good on the maine lande ok the Wet Indies to about Polls. 
benefit himſelke, becaule of the galleys ol Canagena that kept the coat, determined to ſeeke 
the Sircights ol Magellan, and to paffe into the Bouth ſea. Ind lo hauing pꝛouided two thips 
and thzee pumeſles in England, he proceened on his vopage, and comming to the Illandes of 
Cape Verde tocke a Poztugal ſbippe laden with twine , the Pilot whereof beeing a Poꝛtugal 
talied Nuno da Sylua, hee caried along with him, who was a great belpe and furtherance 
— 5 0 My bis voyage. And this which J thal here fap, J hed in wziting of the Poztugal pi⸗ 
t him ilfe, 
From the Illands of Cape Verde the ſayd Francis Drake lailed vnto Port Sant Iulian, where 
he wintered: and there alſo hee put to death a gentleman of bis companp, becauſe hee would haue The cauſe why 
returned home. This pore J take to bee accurled, for that Ma gellan like wiſe put lome to death $0, Douty nas 
there forthe like offence, * 
This Francis Drake putting out of the ſayd pot, entred the Streights, and within twelue 
dapes gotte into the South fed, And two dapes after there arole uch & ſtozme of Ieſterlp 
lw.ndis (which are vluali in thoſe parts )tbat he lot his pinnelle, and his Ateeabmtrall matter 
John Winter was diuen backe againe into the Streigöts, who palſing many dangers ceturned 
hme into England, But Francis Drake himſelte ranne with this forme into leuen and fifty Dee an Francis Drake 
grees of Sourberlp laticune , where hee found an Alland with a goon harborough, anv fred ps bonny 
water, and Rayer at the Came Alland two moneths corepapre his ſhipr: and then, the weather Sourbertp tas 
beeing faite, he proceeded on his vopage, aud came to the coalt of Chili to an Illand callev La Mende. 
Mocha; where hee went on ſhoze, and talked with the Indians: but when hee would haue ree Lamochs in 38 
curnedonts bis boate they thorte their arrowes at him, and killed ttwo of his men, and hee him 2 ine 
felfe was wounded in the face. joumnce of 
, Going anthence bee patten by the towne of Concepcion not knowing the place, and foto Theiss 
Valpasizo which is the poꝛt of Sant lago, where hee found a ſhip laden with a kindok victuals 8 
and wine, and bad in her belide g thꝛeeſcoze thoulano p: 308 of gold, euery pezo being wozth eigſt 
Hhiilings Merling : and taking this ſhip with him hee went from thence to another pope callen 
Coquimbo: where ſeeing many cattell on the land, he fent ꝑzeſently ſome of his men with calie⸗ epe volt ot 
ners to kill of the ſapd cattell: but being eſpie of the Spaniards that dwelt in the towne, they 1 * 
lent twelue hoꝛſemen to lee what they were chat killed their cattell, koz they knew them not: and 
comming neece vnto ehem, the Englichmen led to their boates, but the hozſemen ouertooke 
one of them wic had a halbard in his hand, whom the Spaniatds thought to haue taken: but hee 
with v halbard killing one of their hozſes was bimſelle runnethꝛough with a lance, and ſo the 
Spaniards carried him dead with them into the towne, The next day the newes tame to Sant 
Tago, that thep were Englichmen, and bow they had taken the ſhippe out of the harbour of Val. 
atizo: Whereupon they of Sant Iago ſeut a Polt by land to giue warning vnto them of Peru. 
Heubelt by reaſon that the countrep bet weene this plate and Peru is not inhabited fo2 the ſpace 
oktwo hundzeth leagues, and many huge and colde moantaines couered with ſnowe lie in the 
wap, the Poſte was fo long in perfourmance of this iournep, that captaine Drake was vpon the 
cuaſt of Perua moneth before the ſayd Poſte came thither: neither could they lend any newes by 
lea, becauſethey were deſtitute of ſbipping. 

Captaine Drake veparting from Coquimbo Capledto another popte not inhabited, where be 
ſer vp z pinnelſe. And going from thence che next piace where he touched was a pogte bpon the i 
coaſt of Peru called los Pefcadores : and there bee landed, and in aue of the fithermens houles LosPeleadoen, 
found of a Spantards thpee th uland pesos of fuer in little bares. 

From hence he went to another port called Arica which being the next towne to Chili that the Alle in i begs’ 
paniards haue in all Peru, tontaineth an hundzeth houſes : and this is the pozte where they dil 


charge 


Te 
79% The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, Lopex Uaz, 


charge their merchandize that paile from Lima to Potoſſi, and to all other cities within the land, 
and like wiſe at this plate they were wont to embarke all the ſiluer which they caried fop Pana 
ma. At this popt of Arica he found a ſhip chat had in her thlrteene thouland pe xos of liluer, which 
hauing taken out, he burned the Capo (hip, and after thought to haut landed, but ſeeing both bozle⸗ 
men and footemen on ſhoze bee would not, but proceeded on his vopage, Mince capteine Drake 
was at this poꝛte they tarie their ſuluer by land to Lima, and lade no moze treafure bete, but onelp 
diſcharge the merchants goods that come from Spaine hither, Alſo they haue built afore at this 
place fox the better ſafetp of the inhabitants, and haue planted it with cen pieces of Oꝛdinance, 
and euery Cummer there lie in garilon an hundzed louldiers beſider the towne men. From hentt 
be Capled to another pozte called Chuli: in which pozt was a ſbip chat bad tbꝛee bundged thouſaud 
pezos ot iluer in barress but they had ſent hoꝛſemen from Arica to gine abuertizement of Drakes 
being on the coat, which newes came but two houres to che towne befoze his arriuall at the 
fapp pozte: whereupon the Patter of the Hippe hauing no leilure to carie bis Muer on thope, 
was fopced to thꝛowe it into che ſea in fire favome water, where bis ſhip road, and ſo torunne on 
choze in the ſhippes boate. And taptaine Drake comming abooꝛd the thip was told by an Indian, 
that the Malter had tho wen the fuer ouerbooꝛd. Tiberfope ſeeing that newes began to run ot 
bim krom towne to town be ſtayed not here, but ran along the coaſt: and becaule he woulo haue no 
lets, he caſt ollthe thip which he had taken at Sant lago, with neuer a man in her, which ſbip was 
neuer heard of after. And lo without ſtaying any where he ſhaped his courſe for Lima, and coms 
HiCallaode ning to the barboꝛoughok Lima called El Callao, being two leagues diſtant from Lima it ſelfe, 
Lima. (foz Lima Qandeth vp into the land) hee arriued there one day, befoze the newes of him was 
bought to Lima, and found the men in the thips without fulpicion. And as hee entred into the 
port, there came in alſo a (hip from Panama laden with merchandize, and hee ſent his pinneſſe to 
take her: but the men koꝛlaking the ſhip betonke them to their boate, and went on (hope: and as 
the Engliſhmen followed the boat, a Spaniard that was chetein thot a piece, and lex one of cape 
taine Drakis men in the pinnelle. Wiberefore hee followen the boat no farther, but went with 
bis pinneffe into the harbour among fourteene ſaile of hips that Lap there, in all which Hips there 
was not a man that had fo much as a lwoꝛd 02 a piece to moleſt him, wherefore hee did with leſſe 
feare go from ſbip to ſhip, aſuing them tf there were any (hips ge<e fop Panama; fo? he knew wel, 
that the hips which goe fo2 Panama carie both ſiluer ¢ gold, neither ſought he lo any ching elle, 
foz there were marchandize enough for him in thole Qups, il hee had bene deſirous to haue had the 
fame. So they told bim that three dapes paſt there was a ſhip gone for Panama which carted all 
the merchants (iluer thither. ibereupon he prefently Cet Catle towards Panama; for when hee 
came into this poꝛt it was about miduight. fo that the Spanisros could not (ee what hips he had. 
At lak the newes came to Lima vnto the Uicerop of Peru, that there were enemies in the harboz, 
but they knew not whet they were. TAherefoze the Gicerey ¢ all the people were in great feare, 
Left ſome Spaniards had made a mutinie, and put themſelues in armes: and {othe next mopning 
himlelke accdpanied with 2000 hozſemen ¢ footmen cane from the citie down to the waters five, 
and finding ſome of the Engliſhmens acrowes that were dor at the boat, out of which their man 
was ſlain, they knew them to be Engliſhmen: and then they were al in quiet, ſeeing it was but one 
ſhip, foʒ as pet the ſhip lay becalmed 3 dapes before the to une. Mhereupon they forehwith pꝛo · 
uided 2 (hips with 200 men in them, to booꝛd captain Drake 02 els to burne his ſhip: and after the 
ſhiys went 2 ſmall pinneſles, becaufe that it any of the ſhips ſbould be funke, they might ſaue the 
men, But it was a day ¢ a halfe before theſe things could be made ready, e in the end going koyth 
they found p Englich ſhip Mill betalmev x the calme was luch that the Spaniards could not come 
at them. The fame night, the wind blowing akrech gale, the Spaniards returned into the harbour, 
and captaine Drake (et fo ward to Panama, Che cauleof the Spaniards returne was fz that 
they had no Dadinance, noz victuals to tarry any longer out. Chen the Gicerop caulen fire pies 
ces ol Oꝛdinance to bee made, neither could hee make any moze, in regard of the hhoptnefle ol 
nner ſbips time: fo with theſe pieces of Ozdinante, and the ſhippes, and two hund ed and fifty men in 
dy on aga them bee Cent after captaine Drake; who after hee had winde ſtaped no where, no? tooke anp 
(hips at all, notwithtanding hee met with many comming from Panama laden with merchan· 
dize, but fill bee inquired after the ſhippe that was gone to Panama befope him: of which 
we nn ta · he had ſight about the cape of Sant Franc iſco, the Maſter wherof was a Biſhaint, called Iuan 
bgm Anton: who ſeeing this thip of the Engliſymens, thought that the Uiceroy of Peru had ſent hum 
1 ſome meflage, anv therefore ſtrooke all his ſailes: but fo ſoone as hee might dilcerne the thippe 
gres rap nap ſomewhat better hee would chen faine haue gone his way, koz bee knew chat it was none of that 
2 coaſt, and then hee began to hoile his lailes, but couln hy no meanes get from Ceptaine Drake 


— 
x Va. 


ishinthe land, 
ried fo) Pana. 
k llluer, which 
ng both hohle · 
apteine Drake 
pete but onelp 
da fonte at this 
f Dpdinance, 
From bence 
ped thouſand 
ent of Drakes 
arriuall at the 
luer on ſhoze, 
fo to runne on 
by an Indian, 
egan to run ol 
woulo haue no 
vhich ſbip was 
ima, and coms 
Lima it {elfe, 
es ok him was 
enired into the 
his pinneſſe to 
(hope: and as 
ev) one of caps 
but went with 
ich ſbips there 
e did wich Iefle 
be knew wel, 
anp thing elſe, 
o haue had the 
hich carted all 
ko when bee 
at Chips he had. 
in theharboz, 
in great feare, 
next mopuing 
ye waters fide, 
hich their man 
it was but one 
forthwith pros 
rand after the 
night Carte the 
nd going forth 
rould not come 
o the harbour, 
e was fon that 
auled fire pies 
ye ſhoptneſle ol 
w fifty men in 
no? tooke any 
with merchant 
of which 
called Iuan de 


— — —— — — eee ee 


Lopex VUax. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 


783 


— — — — ꝓœ—äüä —————ñ— ää t — 


becauſe hee was within the reach of his great Oꝛdinance, ko; the Spaniards not bauing fo much 
af a rapter co deſend rhemſelues, were ſoone conſtrained to heide. Chere were inthis thippeas 
houc eigbt hundged and fifty choutand pesos of filuer , and forty thouſand pesos of gold, all which 
filuet ann golde was cultomed; but what Cope of treaſure thep bab belides vntuſtomen J knowe 
not, for manp times they carp almoſt as much moze as they pap cuſtume fop otherwile the king 
mould take it kromtbem, it they ſhould be knowen to haue any great ſumme; wbetefoze euerp 
Ghippe carieth bis bill of cultome , that the king may ſee it. Alichiscreafure that captaine Drake 
tooke was merchants and other mens goods, lauing one bundzed and eighty thouland pesos of 
the kings. Pe had alſo out of this thip good More of victuals with other neveflaries, which were 
to bee casied fo, Panama, and was fue dapes taking out of (uch shings as hee needed. This 
done, be Capled from hence to the coaſt ol Nueua Eſpanna without going to Panama, Surely 
this was a great plague of God tultly inflicten vpon vs fo) our Gnnes : for the taking of thele 
* is * 3 caule of all the dangerous warres that are likely to enlue betweene Spaine 
and Eugland. 

fou the thips that were fene by the Uicerop of Peru from Lima after Francis Drake, atri- 
ued at Cape Sant Francifco twenty dapes after het had taken the foreLapo ſhippe, and had intellie 
gente by a ſhip comming from Panama, which they met at tye layd cape, that Francis Drake hab 
taken the thip with ſiluer, and was not gone for Panama, c Ahereupon the captaine of the chyee 
ſhips thinking that captatne Drake had bene gone for the Streights of Magellan, directed his 
courle that wap to ſeeke him. 

Captaine Drake carrico from the coat of Peru eight hundꝛeth firty fire choufany pesos of {il 
uer, which is as much as tight bundgen ſirty fire quintals, at 100 pound weight the quintal, euery 
quintal being woꝛth one thouland and t wo hundzeth dutats of Spaine; all which ſumme amoun⸗ 
teth to a million and thirtie nine thouſand and two hundzethducats. Belides this Giluer hee cariey 
away a hundped thouſand pezos of gold, that is ten quintals, each quintal being valued at a thau · 
ſand fine hundzeth Spaniſh ducats, which lat ſumme amounteth to an hund eth and fifty thous 
fend ducats : ouer and beſides the irtalure in the ſayd ſhip which was bntuſtomed (the value 
whereof Z * learue) conliſting of pearies,ppecious tones, teals of plate, ann other things of 

at Worth, 
oth ali chis purchaſe he faplen toward Nueua Eſpannaz and et an Ill and lying before that 
coaſt called The Iſland of Cano hee diſchargev all things out of bis ſhippe and graue her, and 
remained there ten dapes, From thence hee went along the coallol Nueua Eſpanna, where hee 
tooke certaine hips laden with (pices, filkes, and velucts, but no golve nop ſiluer, fo there was 
none to bee had on this coaſt. And here at Guatulco he ſet on hore bis Noꝛtugal · pilot, which he 
tooke at one of the Allands of Cape Verde. But what courſe he keyt From this coat till he came 
into England I know not of certainetp, and cherefope I will not meddle theremithall, 

Che dthꝛee hips which were fent in purſuit of captaine Drake, returned backe againe 
to Lima without doing of ought, All which notwwithitanving, the Clicerop of Peru determined to 
ſendtwo hips to the Streighes of Magellan, either to mecte with captaine Drake there, 02 elle 
to ſee il they could foꝛtiũie the (apd Streights againſt ſuch (hips as migbt afterward attempt to 
paſſe thougbthe Came, And albeit this was thought a molt bang 


ſomuch as this other; 
entred the Streighes, wh men falling into a mutinie would haue returned to Lima; 


where · 


Mead Nuno da 
Sylua eas 

ae 
fare. 


Soe Stand of 


8 ot 
1 . 


the Southof 
the Sireiabes. 


794 


5 
perſwader 
Bages, ore 
to fogtiſie the 
Streighis of 
Magellan. 


ise Engh 
{hips underthe 
conduct of M. 
Fenton and . 

Lake Ward, 


Bipisico Santo, 


lohn Drake, 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, Lopex Var. 


n one of them he pꝛocerden on his voyage foꝛ Spaine. IAlhtre being atriued he 
told the king that there were two narrow places in the Streights where he might build a fogte, 
and that there was a very good countrep abounding with great ſtoze of riches and other neceſſa · 
ries, and verp well inhabited with Andlans. Upon whole wopdes, and loz that there were moze 
chtys making ready in England to paſſe the ſayd Sptreights, the king ent Diego Flores de Val. 
dez with 23 tips and 3 500 men, and a new gouernour to Chili with fue hundred old foulviers 
netwlpcome out of Flanders, Theſe hips had the hardeſt hap of anp that euer went out of Spaine 
(ince the Indias were firtt vifcoucren : for that befope they could get cleere of the coat of Spaine, 
a ſtoꝛme toont them, and caſt away fiue ol them, and aboue eight hundzed men, and the refioue 
ok the fleete put into Cadiz, Not withſtanding which hard fuccefle, the king (ene them woꝛvthat 
they ſhould pꝛoceede: and fo they did with ſirteene failes onlp, fo two other of their hips were fo 
thaken with the ſloꝛme, that they could not goe koozth. In theſe firceene ſaile of ſhips Pedro Sar. 
miento was lent to be gouerrour in the ſtreights: he carie with him all kind cf arttficers,co build 
fozts, and other neceflartcs, with great ſtoꝛe ot Ozdinance and munition, This flecte betauſe it 
fet late forth, wintered on the coalt of Braſil in the riuer of lenero. linter being palk, they ſet 
ſayle from hence, and about the height of 42 degrees they had ſuch a ſtoꝛme, that Diego Flores 
was faine to beate it vp and downe about 22 dayes; in which ſtoꝛme was ſunke one ok his belt 
(hips, and in her thꝛee hundꝛed men and twenty women that went to inhabite the ſtreights, and 
moll part of che munttion that ſpould haue bene left in the ſtreights were all caſt away. In the 
ende the loꝛme grew fo intollerable, that the ſhips not being able to endure it any longer were 
conſtrained to put backe againe vnto an Bland called Santa Catelina: and there he found a barke 
wherein were certaine friers going foz the riuer ol Plate, which kriers told him of two great Cn: 
glich chips and a pinnelle chat har taken them, but tooke nothing from them, nop did them any 
darme, but onelp alked them koz the king of Spaines (hips. Now Diego Flores ſuppoſing that 
thele Englith ſhiys would go to the ſtreights, was himſelle determinedto go to the ſtreights alſo, 
though (twas in the moneth of Febzuary: and chooling tenne hippes of the Gifteenc that were 
let, be Cont ihꝛee ol the relidue that were old and ſhaken with the tome ( wherein be put allthe 
women and ficke men that were inthefleere) backe againe to the riuer ol Ienero; leauing theo · 
ther two ſhippes, which were nat able to brooke the lea, at the fodelapd Alland; and fo himſelle 
with the ſayd ten ſhips returned againe fog the wreigbts. 

Nuwthe three (hips wherein the ficke men and the women were embarked, came to the port 
of Sant Vincent: where finding the two foꝛeſayd Cnglith ſhips, and vꝛging them to auoide the 
harbour, the Engliſh entred combat with them: and by reaſon that thefe chace Hips were weaker 
ned with former tempeſts, and were manned with the refuſe of all the Spanith fleece, the En 
glidhmen e alllp put them to the woꝛt, and ſunke one ol chem, and might allo haue lunke another, 
ik they had bene lo minded; but they deliren not the deſtruttion of any man: and doubtleſſe it is 
the greateſt valuur that any man can ſhe w. that when hee may doe burte, he will not. Pereupon 
the Englithmen departed {rom this porte vnto Eſpirito Santo, where they bad victuals fop tbeir 
merchandize: and (o they teturnen home to England without doing any barme in the counttep, 
Che caule why thele Englich captaines went not to che ſtreights J l. now not: ſome lap, that 
they wert put backe by foule weather, others ſuppoſe that it was fo2 frare ofthe kings ſhiys: 
but the pinnelle that belongen ta theſe hippes wherein John Drake went as captaine, departed 
krom them: the tauſe why hee did (0, is unkno wen: but tbis pinnelle entren the riuer of Plate, 
and within flue leaguas of Seale-ifland, not farre from the place where the Erle ol Cumber- 


lands ſhips tooke in fret water, it was caſt away vpon a lenge of rockes; but the men were all 


lauer in the boate. Cibo being eigbterne in number went on ſhoze vpon the Noꝛthſide of the 
Alland, and palling teune apes tourney vp into che lande, they met with certaine Saluage 
people, which are no man- eaters, but take all the Chziltians that they can get, and make 
them their flaues: howbeit the Englichmen fought with them, and being too le we in number, 
fue ol them were Maine, and the other thirteene taken pꝛiloners, who remained with the Sal · 
ages about fifteene moneths. 8 

But the Patter of the pinneſle called Richard Faire weather, being loth any longer to indure 
chot milerie wberein hee was, and hauing knowledge of a towne of Chpiſtians on the other five 
of the river, called on a uigbt lohn Drake, and another poong man which was with them, aud 
tooke a Canoa being very little, anv hauing but two bares, and paſſen therewith on ide other lide 
o€ the riuer, which is full nine leagues bꝛoade; and being thpee d s befoze they could get ouer⸗ 
chey were much piner for lacke of meate. But comming to land y bit vpon an higb wap that 
went towards the Chyiſtians: ann lyping che footing of holes, they kollowed it, and at lalt * 


i 
X Ua · 
ing atriue d, he 
t build a foarte, 

other netella⸗ 
ere were moze 
Flores de Val. 
vold ſouldiers 
t out ot Spaine 
daſt ol Spaine, 

md the retinue 
hem word that 
t ſhips were fo 
ps Pedro Sat- 
iliters, to builp 
ecte betauſe it 
g pall, they ſet 
t Diego Flores 
one of his belt 
ſtreights, and 
away. In the 
p longer were 
e found a barke 
two great Cn: 
did them any 
ſuppoſing that 
ſtreights alſo, 
pene that were 
n he put all the 
; leauing the o· 
and fo himſelle 


ame to the port 
n to auoide the 
s were weake⸗ 
leete, the En · 
‘funke another, 
doubtleſſe it is 
not. Pereupon 
ciuals fop their 
n the countrep, 
ſome lap, that 
e kings ſhips: 
taine, departed 
riuer of Plate, 
rle of Cumber - 
e men were all 
Aozthlide of the 
rtaine Saluage 
det, and make 
ewe in number, 
with the Sal · 


longer to indure 
n the other fine 
pith them Fy aud 
on the other lde 
could get ouer, 
n highway that 
and at lat i" 


tom pout, cae no te kc copne tps foe, And 

ime yma, hs ou 
And one Judians went to the cowne, and newes 4 

1 whereupon oie nese nag ann, ttle weckten 


88 — — this newes fi fore 1 
. but the other two they rie 1 —4 pln’ 


ward oz no. 
Mowe let vs returne to Diego Flores: ne from the Illand of Santa Cate lina to · 

uf a Magellan inthe middle 28 and * 12 beight ofthe 

uer of Hi nt the gouernour of Chili wich tinte (hips vp che riuer to Buenos Ayres, chat hee Che gun 

Komehence pate qucslanb co Chili, Df chete cher Chips cwo were ind, but the men anv agg geg. 

— — were ſaued; and the third returned for Spaine. Chen DiegoFlores with the other ran ot Pine 

ſeuen thips pꝛoceeded en to the latitude of 5 Pe ig whereas the mouth of the Ottrigbes 

beginnet): but becauſe it was the ende of Parch Dr: aig there is the latter ende of ſummer, 

the countrey was (9 full of now, and withali there arofe uche ſudden donne, that he cou ) not ler 

Sarmiegte and his men on (haze, but was conttrained the fecond time tu returne vnto the riues 

of Icnero spon the coat of ria where be heard newes of the Englich (hips by the two Spar 

— er wd ch ody a 25 e 22 left 17 . Diego de Ribera, ‘oti 

ro returue fo) t eights. And jego 
Flores himſelft wu kaut Nc gerne I other foure wich K. ise Sate 
+ but bauing runne all 

detdem, bet r were gone 1 fon Bachl be L — 

ſhapung his toute vnto a port called Paraiua,and blend rench thips, be burnt ther 

Lee built, and put Spaniardes theres 

in, but the Frenchmen neee the Walusges. Chis done het returned 


log Spaine. 

An she meane ſeaſon hi i Lieutenant Pedro Sarmiento 
peere ſo good Ea sian fafel Disgode Ribs Ar ſbiys, I ele 
foure bund geth men: but becaule the Chips boute coulo not land, being once ſaden, thep ran (hat of Magen 
Chip, mbc bap all che pte pls end manicion in her on (hope in a bap , aum as the water bid ebe 00 a 
they tooke all things ut of ber. This heing pone, Diego de Ribera left Sarmiento with Leerer 
eee with betusis fo oneness 
thꝛer . ing remained in . ery ye 
Seumineol soe deen eee fe on t a 

e W le the th 


riners i pans a 
2 e ee e 
but hie wen afficmep the coutrary, tbat l cat (a 
Pee ene 
ctauing apbe of the capta Speyer tom 
zeſendy I and clothes fo 
2 . 1 
e . 1 — e tai Pa 
this prouifion and diuerg thee tooke 0 fo) cig, 


e 4 pig di ae dee 


„FU A — 
Lopex V. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 795 


eer 
e 5 fc rot to, Som — — 


Crom bes L aer eu une 
that the natro 0 


— peere 1586, 
Sos tobe of dene, N 
— 
to mppromife A Ade nel ws pout the wecermont of inp haotolenge, 
Indias, t as the be 4 D 
a) but that of captatne Drake 
. 


1 4 : ; „ A 
b tawverh on l chu no ita 
oz thert is but {malt loge of golde 


ae e Hbarkes onelp, Che nes 
5 e he Sean a 5 
ee — 

fi yan de de 


es ut ee oat Oe 
rot SS 
them. i a 
? 2 e 
ve 


S towne is com · 
Che next 


Lopex Uaxs . Traſfiques and Diſcoueries. 797 


Theyyouinte which ebep tuhabite called El Rado de Arauco is but a {wall pꝛouince about Fl«adode A. 
20 leagues in length and ia goue inen by ten pincipall men of the countrep , out cf which tenne 
they chule the unſtante tt man taz their general inthe wartes, Che kings of Peru in tunes patk 
could neuer cunqnere this part of Chili no; pet any other kings ot the Indians. The weapons 
view by theſe people of Araucoate long pikes , halbaros, bowen and arrawes: they alſo make 
them tacks of feate-Chinnes and head · pieces: in times patt the heads of their halbards and pikes 
were of bꝛaſſe, but nam they haue gotten More of prom, They pitch their battels in maner like 
the Chrittians : foꝭ putting their pinemen in ranke g they place bowmen among them, and mare 
hall their troupes with vilcretion and grrat valour, JQow the Spaniards comming vnto this 
prottince fens wopd vnto them byother Jndians, faping that they were the chilozen ol God, and 
tame to teach them the woꝛvol God, and that therefore. they ought to peeloe themſelues vnto 
them; ik not, they would ſhoot fire among them and burne them. Cheſe people not fearing the 
great words of the Mpantards, but deſiring to ſer that which tbey had heard repoꝛted, met them 
in the ſield, and kought a moſt cruell battell: but by reafon of the Spaniards great ordinance and 
taliuers, they werein the end put to flight. Now theſe Judians thinking verily that the Spas 
niaros were the childzen of God, betaule of their great ordinance which made luch a voile, and 
preathen out (uch flames of fire, yeelded themlelues onto them. So the Spaniards hauing dt 
uided this prowince made the Indians to lerue their turnes foz getting of gold out of the mines, 
whiththey entoped in luch abundance, that hee which had le alt had accoo pt zog, but Captaine 
Baldiuia himſelte had 300000 pe ʒos by the yeere. Che fame ofchele riches in the end was Lite 
as fated as Spaine; from whence ſoone after reſozted many Spaniards.to the land of Chili, 
whom Captaine Baldiuia tauſed tu inhabite fire townes : to wit, Villa nueua de la Serena cals . oueus de la 
len inthe Indian tongue Coquimbo; the ſetond Sant Iago which the Andians call Mepochaz cepcion, sane l.. 
the third La Concepcion called bythe Indians Peneo; the fourth La Imperial; the filt Baldi · ae 
una; and the firt La Villa Rica, Alfo he built afoge in the mipdle of all the land, wherein hee put iericahe rn 
oꝛdinante and ſouldiers: howveit all this their good ſutcceſſe continued not long: for the Indi⸗ 1 1A 
ans in ſhoꝛt time perteiuing that the Spaniards were but moꝛtall men as well as they, determi⸗ ited in 
ned to rebell againſt them: wherefore the Girt thing that the id, they carried gralle into the laid Til. 
fat fo} the Spaniards bodſe s, and wood alfo for them to burt among which graſſe the Indians un grategeme 
contdepen bowes and artuwen with great clubs. Chis done, fiftic of tye Indians entred the Foyt, o Gegen 
betooke themſelues to their bowes, arromes, and clubs, and Good in the gate of the ſayd fozt: from the Spas 
whente making a ſigne vnto other of their nation for helpe, they wanne che fozt, and lle we all the mards. 
aniarus. Che newes of this ouertho w comming to the towne of Concepcion where Cape 
tame Baldiuia was, hee pꝛeſently fet footh with two hundzed hozſemen to fecke the Indians, 
taking no moꝛe men with him beraule he was in hatte, And in a plaine he wet the Indians, who 
comming of purpole allo to ſeeke him, and compaſling him about, few moſt part of his compar 
nye elcaping vp the (unftuelle of their boꝛſes: but Baldiuia hauing his boꝛſe Maine vnder 
him was taken alive, hom the Indians withe to be of a good courage, and to feare nothing; 
fox the cafe (Cain chep) why we haue taken you, is to giue you gold ynough. And hauing made 
agreat banquet for him, the lat fecnice of all was a cuppe full of melted gold, which the Indians Type death of 
lite vhim to dzinke, ſaying, Now glut thy ſelfe with gold, and ſo they killed him. This Bal - Badu. 
. amol vallant man, who bad beene an olde ſouldier in the warres ol Italy , and at the 
a ol Rome. 
Upou this vifcomfiture the Spaniards choofe for their Captaine one Pedro de Villa grandes pedro de vig 
who alſemblinq all the Spaniards in Chili, and taking wich him cenne peeces of ozdinance, mars grande, 
ched againſt thoſe ndians; but with ſo badde ſucteſle, that he lolt not onely the field and many of 
his men. but allo thoſe ten peetes of oꝛdinan t wbich hee brought. The Indians hauing thus 
gottenthe — 9 — ſtreightway againũ che towne of Concepcion, from whente the Spa⸗ 
mards fle foʒ feare and left the tune deſaiate. And in this maner were the Spaniards chale v 
by the Nudians outofthe countrey of Araueo. But ne wes hereof being bꝛought to the Marques 
of Cannece vicerop ol Peru, hee ſent his forme Don Garcia de Mendoca agatutt thole Andiang, Don Garcia 
witha great power of honſemen, and footmen, anditoze of Artillerie. C his nobleman bauing ubs? 
vued Chili againe, ¢flatne in diur es bartels aboue 40000 Indians, and bꝛought them the ſecond 
time timer the Spani: cos uhiection: newix erecten the ſaid fort that tonne in the mint of the 
land, ſuhabited the to v me of Concepcion againe, and built other townes fo the Spaniards: and 
lo teaming the land in perce de returned fo Peru. But per hee was cleane veparced out of the 
land the Judlans rebelled aue, but tould not doe fo much miſchie fe as they did before . becaule 
the Spaniards tooke better heede vnto them, n time vntill this pꝛelent there hath 
** bene 


798 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, Lopex Vax, 


bene no peace at alls fo} not withſlanding many Coptaines and ſouldte rs haue done theit veters 
moſt . yet can they not bing that people whollpinfublection, And although che Spaniards haut 
euut towns, in this pꝛouince eleuin townes and two Léfhoppiches , yet haue thep little pnough to maintaing 
fiona in themſclues, by reaſon of the warres ; Top thep {pend all tbe gabe that che land peeloech in the 
Chali, maintenance of their ſouldiers: which would not bee ſo, il ihey had peace, fop then they might 
wozke in all their mines. 
sdetription Thus haulng (poken lomt what of che lituation of Chili, and of the troubleſome conquer therof, 
oftberowues Au ll recutne to mp former dilcoucſe where Alekt. Baldiuia ther efoge being of 150 houſes hath 
* twife bene burnt and ſpopled by the Indians; fo that now it is waxen pooze, but befoze ihe In⸗ 
nene Diansfached it, it was be ry rich: and it ſtande th vp a riuer foure leagues from the ſca. Watling 
Aden cure from heute pou come ta che plaine countrep of Atauco being Mute ouer agalnſt ihe J land 
ug ue. La Mocha,on which Alland the Indians that inhabite be long to the maine land, 
tha litnate in Mauing pelle d this plaiue of Arauco, the uext cclune of the Spaniarys that you come vnto 
4 sg anda ig La Concepcion which bath Leene the greateſt and the ticheſt towne in all Chili; but bp rege 
Le Concepcion, fon that the Indians baue burned the lame foure times. it is now gromen very pcoze, and bach 
{mall Rope of people: it contayneth about ſome two hund zed houles. And becaule it adiopnerly 
vpon the plaine of Al auco, where the ſe valiant Indians bee, therefore this towne is enuironed 
about with a trong wall, and hath a fozt buile hard by it: and here are 500 foulbiers continualip 
You de in gatriſon. Betweene this place and Valparizo, the Andians call che coal by the name of 
pe 27 pad Mapocha, Sant lagoit (clfe Ranving 25 leagues wp into the countrep, is the ppincipall cotune of 
dee u all Chili and the feate of the goucrnours ic conſiſteth of about doo houſes,. The popt of Valpa. 
mn. o whither the goods come from Lima by Hipping , hath about twentie houles Handing bp it. 
Coquinto Tee next towne neere the (ca live beyond this is Coquimbo, which ſtandeth two leagues vp ine 
24g v0. n. to the land, und toutaineth about 200 houfes, Mert bato Co quimbo ſtandeih a poft-Sowne cal, 
cep led Copiapo inhabited altogetber by Indians which lerue the Spantards: anv here a entice 
man which is gouerncur of the towne hath an Ingenio fo) ſugar: at this place endeth the whole 
pꝛonince of Chili. Deve alſo the mountainesiopning hard vpon the (ca art che cauſe duhy all the 
land betweene Copia po and Peru, containing 10 leagues, ſpethde art. 

The Gr towne on the coatt of Peru called Atac ama is inhabite : hy An n which ave ſluntg 
vnto the Spaniards, But before J patle anp farthet J will here Iſe veclare . pow the Ark 
pifcourrie of Peru with other matters thereto belonging, and then i A resurw co the fea-coatt 
againe sandto the enve pou may vnde rũ and mee the better, I will oot: with, .’anama, After 
that che Spaniards had inhabited the JAopth five of this maine land, poi: ay uct the mountatnes 
they dilcouered the South fea: where berauſe they found Indian people wich gold and pearies, 
they built a towne tighte ene leagues to the Cite of Nombre de Dios gard vpon the ſca- due, 
and called it Panama. F tom hente they diſcout red along the coaſt ol Nueua Eſpanna: and ſo 
that Nueus Eſpanna was at the fame time inhabited by Mpaniards,there beganne a trade frcm 
thence to Panama : but from Panama bp fea to the coaſtol Peru they coulo not trade in a long 
time, becauſe of the Southerly winds blowing on this coal almoſt all the petre long, which art 
a hinderante to ſbippes fapling that wap: and by land the pallage was impolſible, in regard of 
mount aſnes and tiuers: pea it was fifteene peeres befoze they palled the Alland of Pearles, which 
is but twentie leagues from Panama, Chere were at this time in Panama two men the one cals 
led Francifco Pig arro bone in the citie of Truxillo in Spaine, a valiant man, but withall poopes 
the other talled Diego de Almagro was very rich. Cheſe men got a company vnto them, and 
pꝛouided two Carauels to diſcouer the coaſt of Peru: and bauing obtained licente of the gouer 
nout of that place, Franc iſco Pigarro fet foopth with the two fozeſapd Carauels and 100 men, 
and Diego de Almagroaped in Panama to fend him victuals and other neceflaries. Nom 
Francifco Picarrofapling along the coatt met with much contrary winds and raine, which pus 
him to great trouble; and he began alſo after a while co lacke victuals, for bee was failing of that 
in eight moneths which they nam pale in fifteene bapes , and not knowing the right courſe het 
ranne ineo tuery riuer and bay that her law along the coatt; which was the chiele caule that het 
ſtaped ſo long on his voyage: alſo thirtie of xs company dped by reaſon of the vnhealt 

ili del Gato, ot the coaſt. At laſt hee came to an Illand called bp him Iſla del Gallo, being ſituate from the 
maine land ſite leagues. F rom hence be ſent one of his thips to Panama ſoꝭ a nem ſupplyot vice 
tuals ¢ of men: which Hip being departed. o ol his men that remamed betind made amutinp, and 
palled vp into the countrep , meaning to returne by land to Panama, but in the wap they all peri · 
then,forehep were neuer bearvof vntill this day. So that Francifco Pigarto was left vpon the 
{aid Alland one lp wich thirteene men: who although he had bis Hhip there in rr 

bY 7 


——— 


eR Dax. 


ne their veters 
Spaniards haut 
b to maintaing 
peeloech in the 
ben they might 


onquet? therof, 
zo houſes bath 
t beloge ihe In⸗ 
fea, Walling 
tnt the J feng 


vou come vnto 
ili; but by reas 
coze, and hath 
ule tt adioyneth 
ne is enuironen 
ters continualiy 
by the name of 


the mountaines 
ald and peaties, 
on the {ca-lloe, 
panna ; and lo; 
ne a trade from 
trade in along 
mg, Mbichare 
le, in regard of 
f Pearles, which 
* one cals 
 withall poohet 
nto them, and 
e of the goutrs 


returned, 


Lope Vax. Traffiques and Diſeoueries. 799 


returned, pet woulv be rather die then goe bache; and bis 13 men allo were of his opinion, nots 


wit hſtanding that chey had no other victuals, but (uch as they hao from the maine land in the night 
lealon. Thus he continued nine mones(s, before any luccour was bought him from Panama: 
but in ihe end his (hip re urne d with 40 men one ly and victuals : whereupon hee pioleruted bis 


voyage till he came to the lixſt platne tount rey ol Peru called Tumbez, where he founda kot made Tuber, 


bp che hing of u againſt the Indians of *he mountaines. CUberefoge Picarro and bis men 
were very (lad in that tbey hav found a pr. ne t lo good vnde rſtanding anv dé(cretion, being rich 
alfoin gold and liluer and wellappareticn At this port ol Tumbez hee tooke 30000 pesos of 
Gold in ixuc he of marchandi ʒe : ano bauing too few men to ppoceede any further hee carried two 
Andians with hire to le arne the language and returned backe fox Panama. Upon this vifcoucrp 
Franc iſeo Pigarro thought it erpe dient to trauell into Spaine to traue of the kung the conquett 
ofs land. CCibither being come, the king granted his te que l. And with the mauney which he 
tarticd ouer with bim he hir ed a great number of men with a fleete of hips , and bought allo a: 
long with him foure ol his bꝛethꝛen very valiant and hardy men, And being tome to Panama he 
Rraightway went on bis voyage for Peru, being accompanied with his partner Diego de Alina- 
gto, Che failed fick to the J and called Ifa del Gallo; where Francifco Picarro and his bie⸗ 
thien went on land, and left Diego de Almagro in the Oips, And ehe whole number which 
utter ward landed on the maine land were oo hozſemen and 120 fuotemen, with two great 
lield· peeces. 


But before we pꝛoceede any farther. we thinke it not amiſſe to deſcribe vnto pou the ſutuatlon ape rinet of 
of Peru, and the naturait diſpoſition of the inbabttants: This tountrey was called Peru by the 


Spaniards, of a river lo names by the Indians, where they ürſt came to the light ol golb. From 
which river ſtanding vnde r the line, till pou came to Copiapo the lirſttowne onthe coaſt of Chili, 
krettheth the land ol Peru, fog the {pace of eight bundzed leagues: vpon fire hundzed we reot 
From Atacama tu Tumbez did neuer dic of ratne fali, fince the flood ol Noah: anv yet is it the 
fruitkulleſt land fo; all kind of victuals and other neceſlaries fo2 the ſullent ation of mans life 
that is to be found in all the woplo beſides. Che reaſon tobp it raine th not in this land is bet aule 


it beeing a plalue countrey and very narrow and low , Atuate betweene the Equinoctiall and The caug yy 
tie teopiqueot Capricorne,there runneth on the Mel frontier not aboue twentie leagues from ka a, 


the (ea called Mar del Sur Eaſtward thereof, a migbty ridge of higb mountaines couered with 
Show, the beigbt of which mouncatnes fo dꝛaweth the moiſture of the cloudes vnto it felfe,, that no 
raine fallerh vpon the vallies of Peru. From theſe mouncaines ilſue great More of riuers into the 
Dourh lea, with the waters whereof opawen by cercainelluces and chanels they moitten their 
vinevar nes and copne-fields , aud by this meanes the land is fo exceeding fruitfull, Between 
theſe mountalnen and the mountaines of Chili that fire teb onto the Streits of Magellan, lyeth 
a plate of Co leagues ouer, being ſa tolo that it pecineth no CLibeat , but good ſloze of other vice 


tuals. his countrep of Peru is tall of people well ayparelled and of ciutll behauiour. It hath Gold, liner, 
many mines of guld amm moe of ſiluer, as alfo great Rope of copper, and tine · minca, with abun copper, unn, 


dance ok ſaltpeter, and of bimſtone to make gun. pouder. Chere are like wiſe cattell of all forts, 


anoußg which there is a beat in thape ſome hat reſembling a camel, but no bigger hen a leere See of 
af aprere olde z they ſerue to carry burthens, their fleſb being goon to eate, and their toatl apt fo; Lana 


many purpoſeg. Chis beaſt ia actounted the mot profitable of ol others fo the bſe of man: how 
beit tye Spaniards inte their fir comming haue replemiſhev this countrey with hozles, kine, 
ſpeepe, and eee like wiſe mich plentie of wheat. Ho that in fewe woꝛds this land hath ‘ae 
Bundance df riches and vittuals, and is the healthfulleſt place in the wo lo. There were in times 
pat kings of this land which were migbtie Monarchs, whole. vominions ſtretched 1 200. 
leagues , and their lawes were very ciuill , ſaue that they were worthippers of the Sanne, At 


what time the Spaniards firſt entred this land there were two bzerhzen of the bloodropall which abe le und 


tteoue who ſhould baue the kingvome, the one called Guaſcar, and the other Atabalipa, Nowe 
ua 


Guafcar had polfeffion of all che mountaines ano the lands within them: and Atabalipa was petours 
ad of all the (ea coatt,anv of the prey ve betweene the Cain mountaines and the fea. Che pe se 


ſeting the Spaniards at the iri arriue vpon their hore called them Vera coche, which 


iMthetrlanguage ſignitieth, The fome ofche fea, Alfa Atabalipa the Indian prince fent vnto 
fot to haste what thep did in his tab, and dohat they fought fog: the Spantarbs made anſwete 
reger were the meflengers of a great lope , and that they tame to ſpeake with the prince him⸗ 
elke t tobofent them woꝛd that they ſhould come with a very good will; and ſo W ig a ſtapen 
at ‘at a titie called Caxamalca , beingthirtie leagues Dittant from the lea lde. EAbither 
tng tome, they found the Sapien mitra tna b den of pole arte open mens fhoutoers, 
** 2 aw 


800 


Rinebihop- 
dichs. ant one 


* 


a 
ui Peru. 


‘The prouince of 
Tucumum. 


The Englifh Voyages, Nauigations, Lopex Var, 


and accompanied with aboue 60000 Indians all ready armed fo) the warres. Then the Mpa 
niards tolde them that they were ſent from an Emperour (buco whom the Pope had giuen all 
that land) to conuert them vnto the Cipitianfatth, IAbertunto Atabalipa anfwered, that hee 
would gladly be friends with the Emperour, becaufe he was ſo great a Monarch, but in no caſe 
with the Pope, becauſe he gaue to another that which was none ol his owne. 

Now while they were ihus in talke, the Spaniards diſchar ging their two field peeces, and 
their caliuers, ſet vpon the Andians, crying Sant lago. Che Indians bearing che noiſe of the oy 
dinance and ſmall chot, and Ceeing the fire, thought that flames of fire had bene come downe krem 
heauen von them; whereupon they fledde, and lekt their prince as a bootp fog the Spaniars, 
Thom chep atthe ürſt intreated verpgentip, wiſping him not to leere, kez ihat their cemmung 
was onelp to lecke for golde and ſluer. During the time of Altabalipas inp pifonment,bis Caps 
taines had llaine his bꝛother Guaſcar, and had ſubdued all the mount aines and plaine countreys. 
Upon which newes Acabalipa told the Spaniards, that ik they would releaſe him. hee would gine 
them all that they Gould demaund. This communication baring continued a wtole dap, at 
length a fouldicr named Soto ſayd vnts Atabalipa ; what wilt thou gine vs to ſet thee free: Che 
pꝛinte anſwered, J will gine wharlocuer you will demand. CUberunto the Couldier replied, 
thou tale glue vs this hole full of gold and filuce thus high, likting up his (woꝛd, and making a 
aroke vpon the wall. And Atabaſipa (apde , that if they would grant him reſpite to fend into 
bis kingdome. he would full their demand. TAhereat the Spaniards much marueiling, gaue 
bim thꝛee moneths lime, but he had lilled the houle in two moneths and an halfe, a matter ſcarte 
tredible, yet moſt true: fo; I know aboue twentie men that were there at that time, who all afe 
firme , that it was aboue tenne millions of gold and ſiluer. owbeit log all this they let not the 
prince goe, but thought that in killing of him they ſhould become lozds ok the whole land, and ſo 
the Spaniards on a night rangled him. But God the righteous tuoge ſeeing this villanous 
act, ſuffered none of thole Spaniards to dye by the tourſe ol nature, but boughe them to cull 
and ſhame full ends. 

Upon the newes ol thele great riches there came Hope of people out of Spaine, and inhabited 
many places in this countrey. Che king in recompence of the good ſeruices of the two force 
{apd partners, appopnten Die go de Almagro gouernout of halfe che land, and Franc iſco Pi- 
gano of the other halle, whom alſo hee made a Marques. But tbeſe two conloztein parting of 
a land belonging vnto other men, fell at variance and fharpe wal ce betwerne ihemſe lues: ann 
at length Pie atro hauing flaine Almagro got all the land into bis owne bands. Vowben 
pꝛoſperitie of Pig arto continued not long ? lo a baſtard· ſonne of Diego de Almagro, to bee rts 
uenger of is fathers death. flew Picarro,fo; whieyacte he lof his head. In this tontrouerſie bee 
tweene theſe two partners wert Taine allo two bꝛothers ol Pie arro, and the third was carzic 
pꝛiſoner into Spaine and there dyed in pulon: butthe kourth called Gonſaluo Pięarro rebellen 
with che whole countrep and became a cruell tyꝛunt, vanquiſhing many of the Emperours Caps 
taines in battell, and poſſelling the vagy Le tg two perres: howbcit being in the ende 
oucrcome hee loft his bean like a traitour. thus dyed they all an cwill death that were tau · 
ſes of the deathol that innocent king Atabalipa. And pttthere are mutinies raiſed oftencimesbp 
the Spaniards, but the Indiaus neuer rebellen, after they had once peace granted vnto them. 
The Indian people of this land are partes among the Dpantaros , ſome being ſlaues vnto the 
gentlemen that conquered their land, other fome to others, and the reſidue to the king : and thele 
Indians pay eche man foz his tribute Ceuen pe vos of Aue golve , which is about tenne ducats and 
abhalfe, Chere art in this countrey aboue foptie cities and tawues inhabited by che paniatust 
allo they baue bere erected nine biſho picks and onc archbiſhopꝛicke. 

ow after this counttey was fully tonquered and bought in good oꝛder, tertaine A peniatds 
being de lirous to dilc ouer the land on the other five of the fhowp mountaines, found a very whole 
ſome countrey and thert inhabited. Che ſapd pꝛouinte ſituate bebinve the mountaines is called 
The prouince of Tucuman, wherein are fine tomnes inbabited by the Spamards, the laſt of them 
called Cordoua, from which towne vnto Santa Fee ſituate vpon the riuer of Place it is ſtuentie 
leagues, T bis towne of Santa Fee was built in that place, to ſeehe a way to Peru by the rinet 
ol Place, Ind from hence downe the fapoe riuer to Buenos Ayres art 120 leagues , and from 
Buenos Ayres onto Seai- iſiand pow hauẽ 0 lcagueg. 

Nom hauing put Downe all that J know concerning the countrey of Peru, and ol the wap frm 
the tiuer of Plate buco Tucuman, J will returne vnto Acacama the Southermoſt towne von 
the coaſt ol Peru, where J left. From this townt of Atacama till pou tomt to Arica, ali the cont 
inhabited by Tudians lubiett vnto the Spaniards, Bui ſince Ceytaine Drake wap er 


Lapex 


thep haue bu 
ſentiy make 
{poke of At 
of Spaniart 
abundance o 
houles. and l 
the coaſt pou 
here was af 
ding twa len 
trade then al 
the inquilitic 
Next unt 
vnto Santa i 
rich citie cal 
hundzed hou 
uing this tor 
uct, at thes 
long from A 
their townee 
feare no rain 
rilla, {Deve 
faple along t 
bene rich wi 
woth, this t 
Buena Vent 
lo waterifh i 
vnto a citie i 
paian. Fto 
reaſon of che 


greateſt 
the Alles ol 


uetasat of! 


un the coaſt 
de Mendan 


dega. Thu 


Var. 


the Spa 
d given all 
» hat hee 
in no cafe 


etes, and 
eok the oy 
one frem 
paniards, 
cemmung 
tbis Caps 
rountreys, 
vould gine 
le dap, at 
free: The 
er replied, 
making a 
) {end into 
ling, gaue 
tter (carce 
pho all afe 
let not the 
nd, and ſa 
villanous 
m to cult 


inhabited 
two ſoze⸗ 
ncifco Pi- 
parting ol 
lues: ann 
belt is 
to bee re⸗ 


Lopex Vax. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


thep haue built towers by che {ea five, whereon, ſeeing any fatle that they doe multrud, tiey pres 
ſentiy make fmokes , and ſo from tower to tower they warne all the countrey. Paumg before 
{pokenof Arica all tbat J tan, I will now proceed tathe next pozt called Camana being a towne c= 
of Spaniaros aud containing about two hund zed houles. Here they make ſtoꝛe of wine, and haue 
abundance of figges and reifins, Che next towne called Acar: containeth about three bundzed Acar, 
houles, and here is made the bet and greateſt Moye of wine in all Peru. Frombence paſſing along 
the coat pou come to El Calao the poxt of Lima confiding of about two hundzed houles : aud kl cle 
here was a ſirong fopt built ſince Captaine Drake was vpon the coat, The citie of Lima ſtan- rims 
ding two leagues within the land, and containing two thouland houſes, is very rich. and ol moze 
a cities of Peru belives sand this citie is the feat of the wiccrop,che archbiſhep. and 
Next vnto this ſtandeth a ſmall tomne of the Spaniards by the (ea five called Santa: and next 
vnto Sancta is another mall towne of Chꝛiſtians called Cannete. From hence they fatle vnto a Sr. 
rich citie called Truxillo, being one of the pꝛincipall townes of Peru, and containing about fiue ran Ilo, 
punmedboules, Then falloweth Paica which hath to the number of two hundzed houles. Lea⸗ Pair. 
tung this towne they palle to Guaia quil which ſtandeth fortic leagues vp into a great bay 03 ti: Oni. ul 
usr; at the eutrante of which riuer ſtandeth Tumbez a towne of che Indians. Au this coaſt a- b. 
long from Atacama to Tumbez it neuer rameth, as J haue bekoze fato : ſo that all the boufes in 
their to wnes are not tyled, but couered with Lourdes to kept ok the heate of the Sunne koꝛ they 
feare no raine at all, Guaiaqull is the firſt place where it raineth , and bere they gather Salſape- sarnpeins, 
rilla. (eve is allo great Rope of timber, and at this place ihey build many ſhippes. ence they S m “t at 
faple along the coatt to a ſmall and pooze cone called Puerco Viejo, which in tines patt hath puerto vieioa 
bene rich with emralds: but nom fince theſe tones in regardof their plenty are growen nothing pare iene 
morth,chistowwnelikewile is waren very pope, Below ibis village Kandeth another called La pound. 
Buena Ventura:but wholoeuer go thither mutt needs meet with eulll foztune, the place ie (clfeds . 
{o wateriſh and vnholeſome. Pere abide not aboue 20 men, who ſerue onelp to tranſpoꝛt coors 
vnto a titie ſtanding fiftte leagues within the maine, in a pꝛouince called La gouetnacion de Po- ee 
paian. From Buena ventura and Popaian till pou come to Panama there is no other towne, bp 1 
reaſon of the bigh mountuines, ehe manifold riuers, and the vnhole ſomeneſſe of the counirey. 
An this place doe inhabite the Negros that runne from tbeit maſterg, and vpontheſe mount anes Negros feo 
was Oxnam the Englich Captaine and bis men taken, as is befoze mentioned. Beyond theſe magen“ 
mountaines ſtandeth the citie ol Panama, being a tichplace, by reaſon that all the trealure which Panama.” 
tommeth from Peru is Hough thither, and it conſiſteth of about foure hundzedhoules. Che cont 
running along betweene this tiey and Nueua Eſpanna ts called Coſta tica. Colla tics, 
Next vnto Coltarica, which is a mountaiuous and deſolate place, lieth the toaſt of Nicaragua, ane pounce 
being inhabited by the Bpaniards, aud hauing many good ports belonging to it, aud is frequen» ol Nicaragua, 
. bauing no knowledge of the ſituation thereof, no; of the 
townes therein contained, I lurceaſe to ſpeake aup mope of it. 
Atertaine vicerop of Nueua Efpanna called Don Luis de Velaſco tauſed tertaine thips 
to be built oz the diſcourry of the Malucos and of the eoaſt of China: which thippes in ſapling Ine diconers 
thither ward found certaine Blane 8 o leagues diltant from the maine land, which the Spa- of De Popp 
nlarbs, aceopding to the name of theit king, called The Philippinas: and hauing conquered one 
akthelt Aflands called Manilla, inhabited with abarbarous kind of people, thep builta Sf aud A. f 
atowne cheveupon,from mhente they haue trade with the people al China, Unto theſe fands 
‘foute great ſhips that vſualiy trade, two of them continually going, and two conmring: 


fo that ſuch (pices and filkes as the Poxcugals bying home out of the Catt Indies; the very 


(ane doe she Spantarus bing from thele All ands and from China, fo2 Menxicothe thicfe citit 
ol Nueus Efpanna, The ppincipall poꝛt-· townes of the coaſtof Nueua Eſpanna are Guatulco, 

amp: Acapulco, 

Allche viteroyes anv auernours that the king of Spaine lendeth fo? Peru and Nueus Ef- 

panna haue a cuſtome, fox the obtaining of bis tauour. to lebe and diſcouer nem tountreys. But 

the and mo notable difcouerie that hach bene From thole parts now ol late was that of 

the Alles of Salomon, which were found in maner following, The Licenciare Caſſro being go. f Aeg 
uernont of Peru font Foosels a fleete ol ſypges to diſcouer certeine Illands in the South ea vp - leads. 

un the coalt of Peru, appointing as Gencrall ofthe Came fleete a kinſman of his called Aluares 


de Mendamio, nd Pedro Satmiento as lieutenant, and in the Uiceadmirall went Pedro de Or- 


tega. Chis flecte veparting loꝛth ol the hauen of 177 und lapling Soo leagues 9 
i amy ae 4 t 


— 


— — ͤ ͤ wꝛĩ—k„ꝛ— 2 
802 The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, Lopes Var. 


the coatof Peru , found certaine Illands in eleuen degrees to the South of the Equinoctial inha⸗ 
bited with a kind of people of a pello wich compicrion , and all unked, whole weapons are bowes 
and arrowes, and darts. Che beats that they law here were hogges and little dogges, and they 

Clours.gme found ſome hennes. Were allo they found a muſter of cioues, ginger, and ſinamon, although 

1 the namon were not of the bet; ano here appeared vnto them likewife fome (ete of goive, 
The Hie Ill and that the Spaniards viſcouered, thep named Santa Izabella; and here they built 
a ſmall pinneſſe with the which and with their thips boat e thep found out betweene nine ann ff: 
teene degrees ol Southerly latitude eleuen great Iſlands being one with another of 80 leagues 
in comp iſſe. The greateſt Alland that they vi(coucred was acc zding vnto the fieſt finder called 

nada. Gusdalcanal, on the coatt whercof they Caples i 30 leagues, befoʒe they could knowe Whither it 
were an Iſland oz part of the matne land: and pet they know not perfectlp what to make of it, 
but thinke that it may be pare ol chat contiuent which ſtretcheth to tbe Streights ol Magellan; 
fo} they toalted it to / ighteene v egrees and tauld not fino the ende thercof, The gold that they 
found was vpon this Aland op maine land cf Guadalcanal, whereas they landed and tocke a 
towne, finding (mail graines of golde hanged vp in che houles thereok. But becauſe the Spa⸗ 
mards vndecſtood not the language of the ccuntrep, and alſo fo; that the Indians were very 
flout men, and fugit continually again ſtthim, they could ncuer leatue from whence that g d 
tame, noꝛ pet what Cope was in the land. 

Thefe Indiens vie to goe to ſca in great Canoas that will carrée ioo men a piece, wherein 
they haue many conflicts one ag iaſt another: hotwbett vnto the Chniſtians they could doe no 
great hurt; fop that with a ſmall piuneſle and two falcons a fewe map ouercome 100 of them. 
At this plate fourcteene meu mideutting nothing, rowed to land, to take in kreh water, whoine 
on the ſudden certaine Annians in foure Canoas fet vpon, tooke che ſbips boat , and llt we all the 
men therein: wherefore a man cannot coe on (hoe too ſtrong, no pet be too Warp iu a ſtrange 
land. Hereuponthe Spaniards went on ſhoze in their pinneſſe, and burnt the towne, and in this 
towne they found the Small graines ol gold bi foꝛe mentioned. They were dilcouering of theſe 
Illands From one to another about foureteene moneths , at ige eude of which time (becaule that 
vpon the coat where they were, the wind continuing Mill in one place, might bee an occafion of 
longer tarping) they tanſulted which way to rtturue. Sourhward they duct not goe fop feare 
ol great tempelis which are that wap vſuall : whert loge lapling to the Noyth ok the line, typ fell 
wich the coatt of Nueus Efpanna; on which coaſt they met with {uch terrible Ropmes , chat they 
were fopced to cut their maine mats duer-bourv, and to lye nine moneths beating it vp and 
Downe in the les, hefode they could get into any harbopow of the Chpitians, In which time by 
reafon of euill gouernement, and fo; lacke of victuals and frech water, moſt of the menin their 
Adnirall oped; fo? ſiue whole dayes together they had neither water nop meate: but in the other 
hips they behauen chemſelues ſo well, that the greater part ol them came fafe vnto the land. He 
that paſleth the Streights sig a o ſaileth from the toaſt of Chilini:ectip fo, the Malu- 
cos mul needs runne in fight of (ome ok thele Illands befoze (poken of, At which Allands lying 

— fo conuententip in the wap to the Malucos pou may furniſh pour felfe with pienty of victuals, 
the Idee ag hogges, hennes, excellent almonds , potatos, ſugar-canes, with divers other ſoztes fit for the 
A ndtenance of man in great abundance, Alſo among theſe Illands pou hall haut ſome quantity 
amp Il gold, which the Andians will give pou in truck for other dommodttien. $07 the Spaniatds 
nabe un go, in their dicvuery or thele Bands not fecking ney bemg delicous of gold, hougbt dome not: 
ag ung net withtanding 40000 pe zos wich them, befives great ſia ze of clours and and ſome fina 
uon. mon allo which is not ta good as in other placen. Tbe dilcouerer of theſe J named them 
the Illes of Salomon, to the ende that the Spaniards fi them to bee thoſe Illes frem 
br en Whence Salomon fetched gold to adogne the temple at F m, might bee che mode deſno us to 
Al dor ue and inhalte ihe fame. Mow the ſame time when they thought to haue (ent colonies unte 
Mesefsdo- le Illlands. Caytaine Drake entered the Muth lea; whereupon cennnandement was giuen, 
man, hat they ſhould not be inhabited, to the ende that ſuch Englithmen, and of other nations ar palſe b 
the Sereights of va gellan to goe to the Malucos might daue uo ſuccour there, but ſuch as chep 

got of the Indian people. 


The 


wee met 
we ſuppo 
them by 

Che il 
ten ok th: 


noctial inha⸗ 
8 are bowes 
es, and they 
1, although 
ge of golde. 
re they built 
une and Af: 
So leagues 
inder called 
e Whither it 
tilake of it, 
Magellan; 
lo that they 
and tocke a 
e the Spa⸗ 
were very 
ce that go d 


e, wherein 
duld doe no 
0 ol them, 
ter, whome 
le we all the 
in a ſtrange 
„imd in this 
ing of theſe 
ecauſe that 
occaſion of 
oe fo? feare 


A. Thomas (Candiſb. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 803 


The admirable and proſperous Voyage of the worfhipfull 
Matter T mas Candiſh ot Trimley in the Countie of Suffolke Eſquire, into 
the South ſea, and from thence round about the circumference of the whole earth, 
begun in the yeere of our Lord 15 8 6, and finiſned t 5 8 8. Written by Maſter Fran- 
ci Pretty lately of i in Saffoltę, a Geuileman employed in the fame action. 


Ec deported out of Plimmouth on Thurſdap the 21. ol July 15 8 6. with 

, {i 3 faples,to wit, The Defire a ſhip ot i 20,tunnes, The Content of 60 tuns, 

N He, end the Hugh gallant a barke of 40. tunnes: in which (mall Fleete were 

*, 27 123. perſons of all foztes with all kinde of furniture and victuals ſuffitient 

AN 41 4 for the {pace of two peeres, at the charges of the wozſhipkull Malter Tho- 

7 i mas Candifh of Trimley in the Countie of Suffolke Eſquire, beeing out 
LESAN ZA Bencralt, 

On Tuelday the 26.oF the fame moneth, we were 45 leagues from Cape Finis tettæ, where 
wee mette with z. layles of Biſkapnes comming fromehe Grande Bay in Newfound-land , ag f. Great 246 
we fuppofen, which ote Admirali thot at, and fought with them 3. houres, but wee tooke none ol yng t wu! 
them by reaſon the night grew on. 

Che lirſt of Auguſt wee came in fight of Forte ventura, one okthe Illes ol the Canaries, about sugue. 
ten of the clocke in the moꝛning. 

On Sundap being th: . ol Auguſt, we were gotten as high as Rio del oro on the traſt of Bar- Riodel o. 
batte. 

On Mundap the 19. we fell with cape Blancos but the winde ble w fo much at the Roth, that Cave Bianco. 
we could not get vp Where the Canters doe vle to ride and ſich; thereloze wee Lap off 6. hourcs 
Uc South welt, det auſe of the ſand which lie ch off the cape Southwell and by South, AD aus 

The 15. dap of the lame moneth we were in the bright of cape Verde by ellimation 30. leagues bnd. 
ot the lame. 

Che 18. Sierra leona div beare Cat off vs, beeing 4. leagues krom vs: and the fame day the 
winde ſpifted to the Noꝛth welt. ſo that by the 20. dap of the ſayd moneth we were in 6. degrees . 
to the NRoꝛthward, from the Equinortiail line. 5 

The 23. we put roome foz Sierra leona, and the 25. day wee fell with the poynt on the South 
five of Sierra leona, which Patter Bre wer knew very well, and went in befoze with the Content sierra leon 
which was Uice. aomirall: and we had no leſſe then 3. fathoms water when we had leaſt, and had 
fo? 14 lcagues in South wet all the way running into the harbour of Sierra leona 16, 14. 12. 
ro and d. fathoms of water. 

Coe 26. ul the laid moneth we put into the bar bo ough, and in going in we had by the Souther: 
moft point when we had leaſt y. fathoms ware faire by the rockt as it lieth at the laid point: and 
after we came. a 03 3. cables length within the (aid rocke, we neuer had leſle then 1 o. kathoms, vn 
till wee came vp to the roade, which is about a league from pals bozrowing alwapes on the 
South five vntill you tome vp to the watering place, in which Bape is the belt roade : but pou 
mutt ride farre into the Bape, betauſe there run marueilous great tydes in the offin, and it lowe 
ethinto the road next ol any thing at a Southe aſt and by Catt moone, 5 

It is out of England to this plate 93 o. leagues: which wee ranne fromthe 21,0F Julx to the 
26. of this moneth ol Augud. 

On Saturday being the 27. day there came 2. Negros abvogd our Admiral from the ſhoze, and 
made ſignes vnto our Generail that there was a Portugal ſhip vp within the mg: ſo che 
Hugh Gallant beeing the Rere· adm / all went bp 3 02 leagues , but faz want of & thep 
fourht no farther : fox the harbozough runneth 3.07 4, leagues vp moge, and is of a marueilous 
bꝛevth and very dangerous, as we learned afterward by a Portugal, 

On Srmday the 28. tbe Oenerall enc ſome ol bis co on haze, anv there ag they plapes 
and daunted all che forencone among the Regros, tothe: hiesrd Lome good newes of the 
Porrungal ſhip, toward their comming abooꝛd they efpied a i which lay hid among the bus 
ches. wham we tooke and brought away with vs che fame night: and he tolde vs it was very dan a aoztuget 
gerous going vp wich our boates fo? to ſerke the hip that was at the towne, IAibhertupon wee in. 
went na co ſet ke her, becauſe we knew he told vs the trueth: fen we bound bim and made him falt, 
and ſo examined h m. Allo he told vs that bis (hip was there tuſt away, and that there were twa 
mone of bis companp among the JArgros: the Nonugals nume was Emmanuel, and was by his 
occupation a Calkes, belonging to the Port of Portugal. 

Du Munday mopnirg being the 29. day, our Otnerall landed with o. men oz thertabout, and 
went 


804. TheEnglith Voyages, &c. Id. I hamas (andifh. 


went vp to their towne, where we burnt 2,02 3. houſes, and tooke what fpeple wee would, which 
was but litle, but al the people fled: and in our retiring abooꝛ d in a very litle plaine at their towves 
ende they Mot their arrowes at vs out of the woods, and hurt 3.02.4, of out men; their arrowes 

Porſoned are were popfoned, but pet none of our men miſcaryed at that time, thanked be God. Their towne is 

Kheoecrpr marukilous artitictally builded with mudde walle, and buͤlt round with their yards pale d in and 

on of tbe kept very cleaneafwellin their ſtreeres as in their houſes. Chele Megtos vle good obevience 

25 to their king, as one of our men ſayd, which was with them in pawne fop the Negras which tame 
fit, There were in their towne by eſtimation about one hundzed houles, 

Septtinber. Che firk of September there went many of our men on ſho ze at the watering place, and did 
wath ſhirts very quietly all the day: and the ſecond day they went againe, and the Negros were in 
ainbuth round about the place: and the carpenter of the Admiral going into the wood to doe ſome 
ſpeciall buſineſſe, eſpied them bp good koꝛtune. But the Negros tuſhed out vpon our men fo {ups 

aun ot our den ip, that in retiring to our boates, many of them were hurt: among whom one William Pick. 

8 s man a ſouldier was thot into the thigh, who plucking the arrow out, broke it, and lelt the head ves 

phude; and he told the Chirurgions that he plucked out all the arrow, becauſe he would not haue 
the m lance bis thighs whereupon the popfon wrought fo that night, that hee was matuc iloully 

William fick. CTwollen, and all his belly and pꝛiuie parts were as blacke as pnke, and the next moz ning he died, 

voptouch al the peete of the arrow with the poplon being plucke r out of his thigh, 

row, Che third day of the ſayd moneth, diuers of our fleete went vp 4.mples within the harbour 

10 fbr Hun ag wich our boate, and taught great Gore of fil, and went on (hope and cooke Limmons from the 

aniicarbe trees, and comming aboozd agair.c fa two Buffes. 

97 9— The 6. day we departed from Sierra leona. an went out of the harbozough, and ſtaped onetive 

* Laber 4 ** the point ol the mouch ol the Harbozough in 6. fathams, and it lo weth South 

— duthwe 
On weoneldap being the 7. ok the fame moneih wee departed from one ol the Illes ol Cape 
The Age Verde, alis the Iſies ol Madrabumba, which is 10. leagues pittance from the poynt of Sierra le- 
dame be“ ona: and about dive of the clocke the Came mabe we anchozev a. miles off the Aland in 6,farhoms 
Kegtos. water, and landed the fame nigbt, and found Plantans onip vpon the lande. 5 
The g. day one of our boats went out ¢ ſounded rounꝭ about the Jland, they paſſedthꝛough a 
ſoundat the weſt end of the Jlann, where they kound 5. lathoms round about the Iland, vntil they 
came vntathe very gutte of the found, ano then fop a caſtoʒ two they had hut 2. fathoms, and pres 
fentlp alter, 6.fathoms, and (o beeper and deeper, And at the Cali endt of the Aland chere was a 
Aw.  totone, where Negros doe vic at imes, as we perceiued by their pꝛouiſion. 
Chere is no freſh water on all the South five as we could perteiue, but on the Month Live three 
Such water. Oz faute very good places of fret water: and all the whole Aland is a wood, ſaue tettaine litle 
tes where their hauſes ſtand, which are inuironed round about with Nlantan- trees, whereof 
ihe kruit * excellent meat. This plate is ſubiett marucilous much to thunder, raine, and l 
a mancth. I chinke the realon is, hetauſe the ſunne is fo neere the line E quinoci 
n oe ea the tenth wee departed From the layde Fland about 3. ok the clot ke iu the afters 
naone, ihe wiune being at the Spouthweit,. 
October. Che lat of October running Men South weſt about 24. leagues trom Cape Frio in Braſile, 
San en we fell with a great mount nine which had an high round knoppe on the top of it landing from it 
like a towne, with two litle Wands from ik. 
— crteet ee Se went in betweene the Aland of Saint Se baſtian and the mayrt 

n and, and bah ous things on dime, ang fet vp a E oꝛge, and had our tale on bote: our tocpers made 

2 Hoopes u (o we remmapnen chere untill the 23. nay of the fame moneth: in which time we fitter 
our things, built our Pinneſte, and Gillen our krech water. And while our Pinueſle was in bull⸗ 

Cyeriue ot ding, there came a Canoa from the river of lenero, meaning to goe to 8. Vincent, wherein were 
** Gre naked ee eee And the 
Boztugal knsine Chriftopher Hate Malter of the Admirall, for that Maſter Hare had bene at 

41 the Minion . 1581, Aud nan ° baue nis Whi- 

thal the Englichman which dwelleth at Saint inc ent tome vnto vs, Which is twentic leagues 

krom this Parbopough with fore other, rpctebp to baue had Come freth victuuls, tae Cuffeced che 

Poaga to Hee With a iettet Vato him, dodo omitted to tẽturne oi fend ſome anĩ wett dcn 

ten dayes, lo that we told him we were ts, and would troffique wih them : but we ne⸗ 

uer receiurd anſwert from bim anymopeʒ and feeing that be came nat accopbing to appoyntnunt, 

= bulineſſe being diſpatehed, wee wepedanchop, and let ſayle from S.Sebaftian on the 23,06 


Che 


ATI 


The 16 
elt fron 
48. degree 

The 17 
rall went it 
boꝛough is 
birds whic 
of ſhape, an 
their head, 
ok afinne,a 
milke, yet 
marueilou 
ton. The o 
one of then 
him: foz b 
Foz being 
to the ſea, 
meate, aud 
They haut 


Garge, th 
ſhoulder: 
their head 
Chpitians 
them, ant 
mealure 0 


ndiſb. 


UD, which 
ir towpes 
arrowes 
towne is 
led in and 
Sbevience 
hich tame 


» and did 
s were in 
dee ſome 
en ſo ſud⸗ 
am Pick. 
e head ves 
d not haue 
uc iloully 
g he died, 


e harbour 
from the 


d onetide 
th South 


ol Cape 
Sierra le. 


fathom 


M.T homas (andifh. Traffiques, and Dilcoueries. 805 


Che 16. day of December we fell with the coaſt of America in 47. degrees . the land bearing Wecember, 
Veli from vs about 6. leagues off: from which plate we ran along che Soze, vntill we tam iuto 
J. degrees. It is aſteepe beach all along. f 458 Degreto. 
The 17. day of December in the afternoon we entred into an harbozough, where our Admi 6 
tall went in lirſt: where loze our Generall named the laid har o zough Port Peſiie: in which bars Von Dole. 
boꝛough is an Jland oz two where there is wonverlul great ftoze of Dealca, and another J land of 
birds which are grey guls. Thele Sales are ofa wonderful great bigneſle, huge, and monuirous ech arange 
of ſhape, and foz the tod · att of their bodies tannot be compared to any thing better then to a lian: ome 
their head, and neck, and koꝛe· parts of their bodies are full of rough hatre: their feetc are in mance 
of alinne, and in fozme like vnto a mans hand: they bꝛeed and caſt euer moneth, giuing their pang 
milke, yet continuallp get they their liuing in che lea, and liue altogether vpon liſh: their pong are 
marueilous good meate and being bopled oz roſteb, are hardly to be knowen from lambe oz mut⸗ pong deatre 
ton. The olde ones be of {uch bigneſſe and force, that it is as much as 4. men are able to doe to Kill mae. gv 
one ol them with great cowle· ſtaues: and hee mut be eaten Downe with ſtriking on the head of 
bim: loz his body is of that bigneſle thatfouremen — neuer kill him, but only on the beads 
Foꝛ being ſhotte through the body wich an Darquebuse oz a Pulket, pet fe will goe bis way ins 
to the fea, and neuer care fo it at the pꝛeſent. Allo the fowles that were there, were very GOD goules b ü⸗ 
meate and great Roze of them: they haue burrowes in the ground like contes, ko they cannot flie, 3 
They baue nothing but downe vpon theit pinions : they alſo fit and kee de in the ſea loʒ their lit mes. f 
uing . and hꝛeede on ſhohe. Reine 
his harboꝛough is a very good plate to trimme ſhips in, and to bꝛing them on ground, and gwins. 
graue them in: lor there ebbeth and floweth much water: therefoze wee graued and trinuned all ain p grane 
dur (hips there. their che 
The 24. of Detember being Chritmas Euen, a man and a boy ofthe Rere. admirall went 
fomne fortie (core from our (hips vnto a very faire greene ballep at the foote of the mountaines, 
where was a litle pitteop well which our men had digged and made ſome 2,02 3. dapes before to 
get frech water: op here was none in all the Darbozough ; and this was but bꝛackiſh: therefoʒe 
this man and boy carne thither to wall their linen: and beeing in waſhing at the ſapde Cell, 
there were great tore of Indians which were rome downe, and kound the ſayd man and boy in 
. Thele Indians being diuided on eche fire ol the rockes, ſhotte at them with their ar · 
rowes ano hurt them both, but they fledde pꝛeſently, becing about fiftie on thceſcoꝛe, though our an man anda 
General followed them but with 16.07 20. men. The mans name which was hurt was Iohn nee eee 
Garge, the boyes name was Lutch: the man was (ot tleane thought. knee, the bop into the 
ſhoulder: eicher of them hauing very fore wounds. Their arrowes are made of litle canes, and 
their beans are of a flint tone, let into the taue very avcificially : they ſelvome oz neuer fee any 
Chitians: they are as wilde as euer was a buche op any other wilde beat: fo wee followed 
them, and they ranne from vs as it had bene the wildeſt ching in che wozlde. Ile tooke the 
mealure of one of their keete, and it was 18. inches lang. Their vle is when any of them dye a % kinds of gr 
ding him oy them to the cliffes by the ſea· lde, and vpon the coppe ol them they burie them, and 
in their graues are buryed with them their bowes and artowes, and all their temels which they 
hane in their life time, which are fine ſhelles which they fine by the fea lide, which they cut and 
ſquart after an actificiall maner ; and all is layd onder their heads. Che graue is made all with 
great ſtones of great length and bignelſe, being let all along full of che dean mans darten which 
de vſed when he was liuing. And they colour both their darts and their graues with a ren colour 
which they vle in colouring of themſelues. 
Che 28. ol December we depatted out ofthe Port ol Deſire and went to an Bland which lieth pag eg 
3 leagues to the Southwatd of it where weerimumed out laue pengwins with fale fo victual Defice. 
all that and the nett day, and departen along the coalt Southweſt and by South. 
The zo. day we fell with a tocke which lieth about 5. leagues from the land, much like vnto E ⸗ 
dlꝛſtone, which lie th off che Coundof Plimouth, and we ſounded, and had 8. fathoms rockte ground, 
within a mile thereok: the rocke bearing Llielt Houthweſt. Mee went toaſting along South 
Houthſtoeſt, and found great Cope of Seales all along the coaſt. This rocke ſtandeth tn 4. de · 
grees 1. to the Southward of the line. 
She ⁊. dap of Januarit wee fell with a berp kalte white Saxe, which kandetz in 31. degrees, tannery 18? 
and had 7.fathoms water a le ague off the land. 
The rhird day of the koꝛelayd moneth we fell wick 2 · ver great white cape, which Randech in 
52. degreer v. 45. minutes: from which Cape ther ech a lowe beach about a league to the 
Douthwart ud this beach reacheth to the opening oi ihe dangerous <pcreight ol es 


806 The Englith Voyages;&e. Nd. Tomas andifh, 


— — enn 
— 


whichis in diuers places 5,02 6. leagues wide, and in two ſeuerall places moze narrow, Under 
this Cape wee anchored and lof an anchop, fo} it was a great Uoꝝme of foule weather, and laſted 
thꝛee dapes very dangerous. ; 
Chepenterthe The 6. dap we put infor the Streights. 1 a 
Sor Landre. The 7. dtp betweene the mouth of the Drveights and the ut · rowelt place thereot, wee Cooke 
ASpamard Apaniacd whole name was Hernando, who was there with a 3 Dpantards moe, which were 
Stregpre of All that remapnevof foure hundped, which were lelt there cheee peercs beloze in thelt ureight s 
Magellan, of Magellan, all the tei being dead with famine, And the fame day wee paſſed through the nar⸗ 
rowed of the Streights, where the aforefapd Spanpard ſhewed vs the hull of a {mall Barke, 
Che Warke which we iudged to be a Barke called The lohn Thomas. It is from the mouth of the ſtreigbts 
one vf de Fri. outa chenarrowett of the Srreights 14. league, and the courle lieth Chet and by orth. The 
cis hut cn · mouth of the ſtreights ſtandeth in 3a. degrees. f 
. From the narrower of the Streigbts unto Peng win land is 10. leagues, and lyt ih Wet 
Southwelt Come what tu the Douthward, where wee anchopen che 8. dap, and killed and lalteb 
getat a ye of Peng ins koz victuals, 
Ning Phi The wuth day dee departed from Pengwin Nande, and ranne South South lw elt to Ring 
liter: cae, Philips cite whicd the Spaniards hav built: which Cowne op citie havfoure Foptes , and 
Dire db et cuerp Fozthad une caſt peete, which peeces were buryed in the Stound, the cariages were 
auf g COMBINE in their places vnburiev: wee digged for them and han them all. Shep bad contri⸗ 
nee wea chen Litte vga well, and ſeated it in the bet place of the Streigbts for wood and water: 
so gp they bad builded vp heir Churches by themſelues : they had Lawes very ſtuere among thems 
lelues, fox they had eretted a Gibet, whereon they bad done execution byon fome of their 
company, It ſeemev vnto vs that their whole liuing for a great {pace was altogether vpon 
mutkles andipmptis : fog there was not any thing eile to bee had, except ſeme Deere which 
came t of the mormtaines dolone to the freth tiers to dzinke. Theſe which 
were there, were oncly come to fonttfie the Htreigbts, to the ende that no other nation ſhould 
haue haſlage thꝛangb into the South (ea lauing onelp their owne: but as it appeared, it was 
not Cars mill fo tu haue it. Foz during the time that they were there, which was two peeres 
Son memicts af the leat, they could neuer haue anp thing to groe opin any wile pofper, And on the other 
Ade, live the Indians oftentimes preyed span them, vntil their victuals grewe ſo ſbozt, (their More 


and to gos along the fea-five, and feeke their victuals co pꝛeſerue them from ſtertung, taking nos 

thing with chem, but tuery man his har qurburze and his furniture that was able to caxp it (fo ſome 

were nat able to carp them for weak eneſſe) and ſo liurd fp the {pace of a perre and more with 

rotes. leaues, and ſometimes a foule which they nugbt kill with their peece. To conc lude, ihey 

were Determined to haue trauailed cowards the riutt of Plate, only being lelt alive 23. perlons, 

whertof two were women, which were the remainder of 4. hundzed. In this place we wateren 

Porrfanine in and oobded well and quietly, Our Generall named this towne Port famine : it ſtandeth in 

zz degrten. 53. degrees by obleruation to the South ward. 

The 14. day we departevfrom this place and ran Mouth ſouth welt, and from thence ſoutbwetk 

Cape Promerd in vntn Cape Froward 5. leagues Wet Southweſt, wbich Cape is the Southermott part ofall the 

eee. rights, and ſtandeth in the latitude of 5c. degrees. om which cape we ran Melt aud by nopth 

Ste Cone, s.Leagues, and put into a bay o; Coue on the ſouth Gre, which we called Muſkle- Coue, berauſe 
there were great ftoze ol them : we rinde thertin 6.dapes,the wind being Rill CMeſlerly. 

The 21. day of Januatie we vepartedfrom Muſhle- coue, and went NRozthweſt and by Cie 

ue Bap. 10, leagues to a very faire ſandie Bape on the Worth ide, which our Generall called Elizabeth 

Baye, and as wee riode there that might, ont of our men open which went in the Hugh Gal. 

— whole name was Grey, a Carpenter by bis occupation , and was burper there in that 

ape, 

Ter 32, wre Separted from: El abcth Say in the ctittuoont, ane wentabout a. itagues trum 

that place, where there was afceth water riuer, where gur Generail went vp with the chip- boate 

about ehtee myles, which riner bath very good and pitalant ground about it, and it is lo we and 

champion ſoyle, and fo we ſam none other grounpels in all the Streigbes but that was crag 

die rocks and monſtrous high hellen and mouncaimes, In this riuer art great fope of Banages 


ment! 
the bel 
dange 
monet 
on ſho 
contin 


are be 
fea abr 
leaguc 
deth in 
the tr 

Tl 
aut ol 
five ar 


vs vp t 
were a 
and m 
barly v 
the lik 
for the 
ſopto o 


— — 


andiſh. 


row. Cinder 
er, and laſted 


ok, wee tocke 
, which were 


ſmall Barke, 
the ſtreigbts 
orth, The 


dlytth Wet 
led and lalted 


elt to Ring 
Fogtes, and 


ariages were 
p bad contri · 


Au. I homas ( andiſb. Traffiques, and Dilcoueries. 807 


which wee fawe, and had conference wich them: They were men-caters , and fedde altogether epemen buu⸗ 
vpon rawe fit , andocher Alebie ode: which people hab pepeD vpon ſome of the Sypariardes 40 r Sausere 
before ſpoken of, Foz they had gorten kniues and peeces of Rapiers to make dartes of. Thep biene. 

vled all the meanes they Could pollibly to haue allured vs vp larther into the tiuer, of purpofe to 

haue betraped vs, which being eſpyed by our Generall, hee cauſed vs to ſhoote at them with our 

har quebuzes, whereby we killed manp ol them. So wee ſayled from this rimer tothe Chanell of ar 
Datat Ierome, which is 2. leagues off. f — 

Ftomthe riuer of Saint lerome about the 07 foure leagues, wee ranne Ciel vnto a Cape 
which is on the Noꝛth Gives and frome that 2 the mouthol the Streights the courſe ips 
eth opehwe and by Wick, and Rozth Betweene which place and the mouth of che 
Streighes to the Southward we lap in Varbozeugh vntill the thꝛee and twentieth of Febzuarie, #ednarte 
dy realon of contrary windes and mot vile and filcdie fowle weather; with ſuch rapne and vebes 87. 
ment tonite windes which came downe from the mountaines and high billes, that they hazarded 
the beit cables and anchops that we bad fo2 to holde, which il they had lapled, wee han bene in great 
danger to haue bene cal awap, o7 at the lea famiſhed. sop during this time, which was a full 
moneth, we fedde almoſt altogether vpon muckles, and limpits, and birds, oz ſuch as we cculd get 
on thor, ſeeking euerp dap fo} them, as the kowles of the apze doe, where they tan linde foode, in 
contmuall raynit weather. i 

There is at euerp myle oꝛ twomyles ende an Har boꝛoughon both ſides ol the land. And there 
are betweene the riuer ol Saint lerome and the mouth of the Streights going into the South 
fea about 34. leagues by eſtimation. Oo chat the length of the whole Sreights is about 90, Ede nreights 
leagues, Aud the laid mouth of the Streights ſtanda ih in the fame height that the entrance ans Of u are 
deth in when we paile out of the Nozth ſea, which is about 5 2. degrees and; to the Southward of leagnes long, 
the line, 

The 24. day of Febzuary wee entred into the South lea: and on the South five of the going Sa 
aut ol the Streights is a faire high Cape wich a lowe poynt adiopning vnto it : and on ihe Nozih and 2. Urea. 
five are 4.02 53. Nanda, which ipe 6. leagues off the mapne , and much broken and funken ground Ebetc entrance 
about them: by noone the lame dap wet had byoughs chele Nands Catt of vs z leagues off; the laat 64 5 
winde being Southerly. 2052 5 


The lilo March a tome tooke vs at North, wbleh night the Mhips loſt the companp of the Sons tea 4 
Hugh Gallant, being in 49. and 4. leagues from the laud. This dome continuen 3. 0 4, l. Anege 
dayes, and fon that time we in the Hugh Gallant being ſepatated from the other 2.ſhips, looked e · March 1, 
weep houre to linke, our barke was lo leake, and our ſe lues fo dilutred and weakened with Freeing Creme dane 


u ok water, that we llept not in ihꝛee dayes and thyee nights, Fault tae 

Che 15. of March in the mopning the Hugh Gallant came in betweene the Bland of S. Mary great sake. 
and the mapne, where the met with the Admiral andthe Content, which had rid at the Aland cals 
led La Mocha 2. dapes, which ſtandeth in the Southerlp latitude of 3 8. degrees : at which place pe teormo- 
ſome of our men went on ſhoze with che Uice · admirals boate , where the Indians fought with pooled oy ol 
them with their bowes and arrowes, and were maruetlous warie of their Caliuets. Chele Indi · rect to the 
ans were enemies tothe Spaniaros, and belonged to a great place called Arauco, and tooke vs ie. 
fo? Spaniards, as afterward we learned. 

This place which is called Arauco is wonderfull rich, and full of golde mpnes, and pet could Ares is the 
it not be lubdued at any time by the Spaniarys, but thep al wapes returned with the greateſt lofle TM tint ce 
of men. Foz theſe Indians are marueilous deſperate and careleſſe of their lines to live at their fer gotvr,anv 
owe libertie and free dome. 4 — 

The 15. day afozeſayde in the afteruoone wee weighed anchop Be ranne vnder the Melt aids as pet. 
pie 0 1 Marie Gland, where we ridde verp well in 6. fathoms waser, and verp faire ground Sain Marie Be 

that ni 0 nD n 37. das 

Che 16. day our General went on More hintelfe with 70,07 80. men tuery one with bis furni free, Ahe 
tue s there tame domneto vs certaine Audians with two which were the pritictpals of the Aland 15 2 
to welcome vs on ſhoze, thinking we had bin Spaniaros fo) it is ſubduen by them: who brought marvs. 
vs vp to a plate where the Spaniards had erected a Church with crofles ¢ altars in it. And there 2 C durch 
were about this Church 4.07 3. ſtoꝛe hauſes, which were full of wheate and barley ready theſhed ace 
aad mad: bp in cabes of Rrawe tothe quantitte ofa bul of copne in tuerp cade. The weste and 
barly was as faire, as cleane, and cuery wap as good as any we haue in England. There were alſo 
the like cades ful of potato tootes, which were very goon to eate, teady made vp in the Rope houſes 
fop the Spaniarvs agaluſt they ſhould come for their tribute. This Aland alſo peeloeth man 
foptc ol fruits, hogs, and hens. Chele Andlans ave held in ſuch llauety by them, that they dare noe 

wate 


808 


Che Inbians 
of S. Mary J 
land 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. A4.T homas ( andiſb. 


eate a hen 02 an hogge themſelues. But the Spaniards haue made them all in that Jland Chʒiſti · 


mabe au an. Thus we litt ed our ſelues here with tone almuch as we would haue and as many hogges as 


Shyilians, 


Arauco rich in 
golive, 


Che Coneep- 
tion, 


Quintero ſtan⸗ 
deith i 33, Dee 

gtees 50,snis 

nutes. 


eriurt 
425 Tonuad. 


Dur men 


march 7.07 
Bumiles: iner. 
ebeireneniis 
land. 


we had (alt to powder them withall, and great Pope of hennes, with a number of bags ol Potato 
rootes, and about 300. died dogge· ſiſbes, and Guinie wheate, which is called Maiz. And hauing 
taken as much as we would haue, yet we left marueilous great Boje behind vs. Dur General had 
the two pꝛincipals of the Aland aboo 3d our ſbippe, and pʒouided great cheere lo them, and made 
them merie with wine: and they in the ende percetuing vs to bee no Spaniards, made ſignes, as 
neere ag our Generall could perceiue, that it wee would goe ouer vnto the mayne land vnto A- 
rauco, that there was much Golde, making vs ſignes, that we ſhould haue great fore of riches, 
But becaule we could not vnderſtand them our Gentrall made ſome haſte, and within 3.03 thꝛee 
dayes we furniſhed our ſelues. 

The 18. day in the mogning we departed from this place, and ran all chat day Mozthnoꝛthealt 
about 10. leagues, and at night lay with afhore ſaple off and on the coaſt. 

The 19. wee ranne in E alt Noztheaſt with the land, and bare in with a plate called The Con. 
ception, where wee anchored vnder an Jland, and departed the next mozning without going on 
land. 

The 20. wee veparted from The Conception, and went into a litle Baye which was Candie, 
where we law fret water and catt ell, but we Raped not there. 

Che zo. bay we came iuto the Bay of Quintero, which ſtandech in 3 3. degrees ¢ 50 minutes. 

Che lat day pꝛeſently after we were come vnto an ancre in the Bay, there was a Meteherd oz 
one that kept cattle which lay vpon the point ok the hill aflcepe, which when be awaked and had ef 
pied thꝛee ſbiypes which were come into the Bay, before wee could get on ſhoze, he had taught an 
hozſe which was feeding by, and rode his way as faſt as euer bee might: and our Generall with 
30. ſhot with him went on thore, Me had not bene on land one boure, but there came 3. hozſemen 
with bright woꝛdos to warde vs ſo hard as they might ride, vntill they came within {ome twentit 
02 thirtie ſcoʒe of vs, and fo Raped, and would come no neerer vnto vs: fo our Generall {ent vnto 
them a couple of our men withtheir ſhotte and one Fernando, which was the Spaniard that wee 
had taken vp at the mouth of the Streights, which was oneofthe 400. that were ſterued there. 
But the Spaniards would not ſuffer our men to tome neere with their thot, but made lignes that 
one of our men ſhould come alone onto them: fo the ſald Fernando the Spaniard went vnto them, 
and our iwo men ſtood not farre from them. They had great conkerence, and in the end Fernan- 
do tame backe from them, andtold our Generall that he had parled with them fo2 Come victuals, 
who had ppomifen as much as we would haue. Dur General enc him backe againe with another 
mellage and another Motte with him: and being come neere vnto them, they would not (uffer any 
moe then one to appꝛoch them, whereupon our men let the Spaniard coe vnto them alone him 
ſelfe: who being ſome good diſtance from them. they ſtayed but a lmall time together, but that the 
{aid Fernando leaped vp behind one of them and rid away with them loꝛ all his deepe and damn · 
ble othes which be had made continually to our general and all his company neuer to foz lake him, 
but to die on his five before he would be falſe. Dur Generall ſeeing how he was dealt withall, file 
led water all that day with good watch, and caried it aboozd: and night being come, he determined 
the nert day to ſeudinto the countrey to lind their towne, and to haue taken the ſpoyle of it, and to 
haue fired it il they could haue found it. 

The laſt ol March Captaine Havers went vp into the Countrey with 50,02 60. men with their 
ſhot and furniture with them. and we trauailed 7.02 8. miles into the land: and ag we were mars 
chit ,, along, we eſpied a number ol herdes ok cattell, of kine and bullockes which were wonders 
full wilde: we ſaw allo great ſloze of hoꝛſes, mares, and coltes which were very wilde and vn · 
tzandled: there is alſo great ſtoe ot hares and tonies, and plentypof partriges and other wildfoules. 
The countrey is very fruitkul with faire freth riuers all along full of wilde foule of all (opts, Das 
ting trauailed ſo farce that we could goe no further fop the monſtrous high moumtaines, we reſter 
out ſelues at a wery fayze freſh Riuer running in and alongſt faire lowe menotwes at the foore 
ol the mountaines, where tuery man dzunke of the Niuer, and ref eſhed themſelues. Vauing fo 
done, we returned to our Ships the likel way that we thought their Cowne ſhould bee : fo wee 
tranailen all the day long. not le eing any man, but we mette dith many wilde dogges: pet there 
were tine zes zezſemen abroad that lane ey by me encs ofthe Spaniard Witch thep had te 
ken the dap before from vs, who hadtolde them that our force was but (mall , and chat wee were 
wonderfully weake: who though ehey did eſpie vs that day, pet durſt they not gine the on-Lette 
vpon vs. $0) wee marched along in array, and oblerued good oꝛder, whereby wer ſermed a great 
number moze then we were, vntill we came bute our ſpiys that nig he egaine, che 


The ne 
was a quai 
readinelle. 
men, and 
were cut o 
came ſrom 
fhoare, pet 
after we hi 


of we tool 
toaſt alony 

The ft 
degrees, 
rough: ar 
to the nun 
came dow 
are in mat 
Fo} they! 
women at 
them in tt 
wich Nick 
moſt vile! 


nell: ur 
nat recou. 
à great ih 
goods we 
ſhots at th 
which the 
Gallant: 


andifb. 
nd Chriftie 
hogges as 
ol Potato 
Ind hauing 
eneral had 
and made 
e lignes, as 
nd vnto A- 
tof riches, 
3,02 three 


thnopthealt 


The Con- 
it going on 


as Candie, 


oe it, and to 


n with their 
were mare 
re wonders 
lde and vn⸗ 
wildfoules. 
forts, Das 


M. Thomas ( andiſb. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 809 


Che next day being the ſirſt of April 1587, our men went on ſhoare to fill water at a pit which 
was a quarter of a mile from the waters five : and being carely hard at their bulmeſle were in no 
readinelle. In which meane while there came powꝛung Downe from the hüle s almoſt 200 honle · 
men, and belore our people could returne to the rockes from the watering place, welue of them 
were cut of, part killen, and part taken pꝛiſoners, the reſt were reſtutd by our ſouldiers which 
tame ſrom the rocks tomcete with them, who being but filteenc of vs that had any weapons on 
ſhoare, pet we made the enemie retire in che end with lolle of forme foure and twentie of their men, 24 Spaniards 
after we had ſkirmilhed with them an houre. naue. 


The names of our men that were ſlaine were theſe. 


Thomas Lucas of London, ſouldiir. 

Richard Wheeler of London, 

Robert Pitcher of Norftolke, ſouldier. Dut of the 
Tohn Langſton of Gloceſterſhite. Admiral. 
William Kingman of Dorſetſſuire, ſouldier. 

William Hilles of Corne wall. 


1 William Byet of Weymouth, Rilled out of 
2 Laurence Gamefby,of Ne y caſlle. the viceadin, 


1 Henry Blackenals of Weymouth, 

2 Williams Steuens of Plymmouth, gunner, 

3 William Pitte of shereborne in Doiſeiſhire, 
4 Humphrey Derticke of London. 


Alter the lolle of theſe men, wee rid in the roade, and watered in deſpight of them with goon 
watch and ward, vntill the fift of the ſayd moneth. 
The file dap wee departed out ol this bay of Quinte ro: and off from the bay there lyeth a little 
land about a league diſtant, whercon there are great {tore of penguins and other ſewles; wher⸗ 2 ene Jiand 


Killed out of 
the Hugh 
Gallant. 


of we tooke to ſetue our curnes, and failed away Moꝛth, and Nozth and by Cie s for ſo lyeth the dun ol feng 
coatt in this place. 

The ſilteench wee came thwart of a place which is called Morro moreno, which ſlandeth in 23 Mono moreno 
degrees , and is an excellent good harbopough: and there is an Jland which maketh it an harbo⸗ "23 degrees 


rough: and aſhip map go in at either end of the Jland: here we went with our Generall on ſhoze 
to the nunber of zo men: and at our going on ſhoze vpon our landing, the Indians of the place 
tame downe ftom the rockes to meete with vs, with kreſh water and wood on their backes. They 
are in maruellous awe of the Spaniards, and very ſunple peopie, and line maruellous feuagelp 
Fo} they bought vs to their bidings about two miles from the harboꝛough, where wee ſaw their 
women and lodging, which is nothing but the (hin of ſome bealt layd vpon the ground: and ouer 
them in ſtear f uſes, is nothing but five oz lire ſticks layd atroſſe, which ſtand vpon two forkes 
wich ſlickes vx e ground and a kewe boughes layd on it. Their diet is raw fith, which tinketh 
mot vilely. And when any of chem die , they burie their bowes and arrowes with them, with 
their canoa and all that they haue: for wee opencd one of their graues, end law the oꝛder of them. 
Their canoas op boates are maruellous artificially made of two fhinnes like vnto bladders, and epen angel 
ate blowen full at one ende with quilles : they haue two of thele bladders blowen full, which are il bones. 
ſowen together and made faſt with a ſimew of ſome wild beaſt; which when they are in the was 
ter (well, fo that they are as tight as may bee. They goe to ſea in thele boates, and catch very 
2 he! with them, and pay much of it foꝛ tribute vnto the Spaniards : but they wlett marvel: qrtnee paps 
’ in lich. 


The 23 in che mozning we tookea finall barke which came out of Arica road, which wee kept 
and called The George: the men fopfooke it, and went away with their baate. Dur avmirals pin⸗ benen 
nell : cv xn the boate, ¢ the Hugh Gallants boate tooke the barke : out admirals pimneſſt could they rl 
nut tecuuce the boat befone it got on ſbaate, but went along into the road of Arica, and lapd abo The Georre. 
a great Hhippe of arhundpec) tunnes riding in che road right aloe the towne, but ait ie men and in il Degrees 
goods were gone out of it, onely the bare Chip was left alone. They made tinec oz fourc very faire 11 
ſhots at the ean as {hee was counning in, but miffed her very narrowly with a Pinion thot 
which they had in che fot, Thereupon Wee came into the road with the avmirall and the Hugh 
Gallant: but the Content which was viceamirall was behinde out of light: by meancs 3 

777 0 


The Engliſh Voyages, IA. J homas (andifh, 


— — —— — ᷑ äA 


our Gener all wich the compane would reſolutely haue landed to take the towne, whatlot⸗ 
uit had come ot it. The caule why the Content ſtayed behind was, that hee had found about 14 
leagues to the Southward of Aric a, in a place where ibe Spaniards had landed, a whole hips la: 

Great oreo! dilig of botijas of wine of Callillia, whereof the ſayd Content tooke into her as many as thee 

wine(ound: couls canuenlently carrie, and came alter vs into the road of Arica the ſume dap. Wy this tune 
wee per ceiued that the towne had gathered all their power together, and alfo conueyed all their 

trealure away, and buried it before wee were come neere the towne: for ther had heard of vs. 
Nowe becaule it was very populous with che ayde of one oz two plates vy in: and, our Oene⸗ 
tall fawe there was no landing without lolle of many men: wherefore hee g ouer that enter: 
prife, CAlhile wee rid in che road chey thot at vs, and our ſhips {hot at ih m ag ame for cuctp ſl ot 
two. Mozeouer, our pumeſſe went in hard almolt to che ſhoare, and fetched out another barke 

Mnorher varke which rid there in deſpight of all their forts though they ſhot Mill at ihe pine lle, which they could 

tab. be neuer hit. After thele chings our Generall lent a boate on thoare with a flag of truce to knowe 

‘ if they would redeeme cheir great ſhippe oꝛ no: but they would not: tor they had receiucn {pectail 
commandement from the viceroy from Lima, not to buy any (hippe, no; to ranſome any man bp: 
on paine of death. Dur Generall did this in hope to haue redeemed ſome of our men, u hich were 
taken me on ſhoare bp the hoꝛſemen at Quintero, otherwiſe hee would haue made them no 
offer of parley. 

Ahe fourth Che 25 riding il in the laid road we ſpied a ſalle comming from the South ward. and our Ge. 

Tan 0 nerall ſent out his pinneſle to meete her, with all our boates; but the towne made tuch fignes from 

the bill with fires and tokens out of the watch- houle, that before our pinnelle could get to them, 
they ran the barke on ſhoare two miles to the Bouthward of the towne; but they had {mall {eas 
ſure ta carrie any thing with chem; but all the men Raped, among whom there were cer taine trie 
ers: fop wee fawe them in their friers weedes as they ran on ſhoare: many hoꝛſemen came krom 
the towne to reſcuc them, and to carrie them away, other wiſe wee had landed and taken op killed 
them. So wee went aboopd the barke as the lay lunke, and fetched out the pillage: but ihere was 
nothing in it of any value, and came abooyd our ſhippes ag aine the lame night: and ihe nent moꝛ⸗ 
ning wee ſet the great Hhippe on fire in the road, and lunke one of the barkes, and carried the other 
along wich vs, and fo Departed from thence, and went away Noꝛthtw 

be rg barne The 27 dap wee tooke a ſmall barke, which came from S. Ia go neere vnto Quintero, where 

ot aduſe taken mee {oft our men firſt. In this barke was one George a Greeke, a reaſonable pilot for all the 

coaſt ol Chili. They were ſent to the citie of Lima with letters of aduifo of vs, and of the loft 

ol our men. There were allo in che ſapde barke one Flemming and three Spaniards : and they 

were all ſwoꝛne and receiued the Sacrament before hey came to lea by thee oz Coure frterg, that 

if wee ſhould chance to mecte chem, they foul chow ihole letters ouer booꝛd: ‘which, (es wer 

vere giuing them cha ſe with our pinneſle) before wee could fetch chem vp, thep hed accordingly 

thowen away. Het o Generall wrought ſo wich them, chat they did confcile it: cu hee was 

fame to cauſe them to k umented with their thumbes in a winch, and to continue them at les 

uerall tunes with extreme ame. Allo hee made the old Flemming belecue that hee would hang 

him; aud che rope being abou’ his necke hee was pulled vp a little from the hatches, end pet hee 

pep hoe would nat confeſſe, chufing er to die, then hee would bee periuren, In ihe end it was cow 
age feſſed by one of the Span geren on wee burnt the barke, and carried the men bith vs. 

tau. Che third of ap wee cameintoe nher e are thꝛee little cownes, which are called Parac 

ca, Chincha, and Piſca, where ſome oi under and tooke certaine hoults, whe ein was bꝛead, 

wine, figs and hennes: but the fea went lo high. at wee could not land at the bett of the townes 

Thedapof without ſinking of our boats and great hazard of vs all. This place fandeth in chirtecne degrees 

em z dag. and; to the Sduthward of the line, 

* The u ol May wer veparted from this harbour, leauing he Content our bict admirall withe 

Zu and of in at an J land of ſeales. by which meanes at that time wee loft her on want. 

e, The ninth wee gaue chaſe toa fale, namely, Our abmiral Che H ugh Gollant, and Che 
George which wee had taken bekoze comming out of the roade of Arica; The Content which 
was ou * lil lolt: but wee could not fetch it. Che George made alter it, but 
laſkitt!“ night. ; 


ie Hugh Gat Tha tench day the Hugh Gallant (én which barke J Francis pretie was) loft compante of cur 
ai othe avmitali, 

Rect nb met The cleuenth we which were in the Hugh Gallane put into a bay which landeth in x 2 degrees 
not breredi rhe 


burn, . „which bay wee found a riuer of fret water about eight of the clo e at nig t and ihoug h we 
were 


— — een 
of, and for want of her boate ta land men withall wee landed not: other wile iu wee had bene toge 


FSRRRSESHE;, „ 


BRESSAS SGSeee EHSetSezeseeeraese 


— 
as ( anaiſb. 


wee had bene toge 


he tonne, whatioe: 
bad found about 14 
d, a whole hips la. 
it as many as thee 
day. Wp this tune 
c conueped all their 
had beard of ug, 

land, our @ines 
dauer that enter. 
ane foꝛ cuct hot 
aut another barke 
e, which they could 
v of truce to knowe 
Jad reteiuc d ſpeciall 
nſome anp man vp⸗ 
r men, which were 
haue made them no 


hward. and our Ge 
e tuch fignes trom 
could get to them, 
they had ſmall teas 
e were cer taine (ri. 
onfermen came from 
aud taken oz killen 
lage: but there was 
: and ibe next moꝛ⸗ 
nd carried the other 


Quintero, where 
able pilot for all the 
vs, and of the lolſe 
paniards ¢ and they 
oz (oure fitters, that 
w: ‘which, (es wer 
pep bd acc ondingiy 
fe it: vu hee was 
ontinue them at ſe⸗ 
hat hee would hang 
arc hes, end pet het 
ihe end it was cow 
he men v ith vs. 

th are called Patac· 
vhe ein was bytab. 
p heft ot the townes 
n chirtecne degrees 


viccadmirall withe 
Gollant, and Che 
he Content which 
made after it but 
off companit of cur 
ineth in ra degrees 


‘ht; and though we 
were 


M. Thomas ( andiſb. Traſfiques, and Diſcoueries. gu 


— — 


— 


were) tof mall fosce, and no moze but one batke and 1 men in it, pet wee went on ſhoare to 

ful wan where hauung filles one boates lading, while our boate was in going aboopd, two of 

thre ol z compante which were on thoare, as ihey were going a little from che watering: place 

wich cheie furniture about them, elpied where there were foure op fue hundzed bag ges ot meale 400 boge t 
on an heape coucred with a ktwe reides. Ho that night we tilled water end tooke as much meale meate umb. 
as wee thought good : which fell out well for vs that were then loft and Moove in ucede of victu⸗ 

als : and by bycakeof day in the mozning wee came aboord, and there ſtayed and rode vntill the 
alternoone. In which meane time the towne ſeeing vs ride there Mill, bꝛought downe much tat 

tell to the lea five to haue intiled vs to come on ſhoure: but wee ſawe their intent, and weycd an 

ker and departed the twellt day. 

The 13 vay at night wee put into a bay which landeth in degrees and}, where wee ſuwe n boy in x 
Hopfemen : and that night wee landed, namely, M. Bruer Captaine, my ſelfe Francis Pretie, Ar- degree and 
thus Warford, lohn Way Heather, ohn Newman, Andrew Wyght, William Gargefield, i yp 
anv Henry Hilliard. And we 8 onely, hauing euery man his barquebeqe and his furniture about pyeacher. 
him, marchen thee quarters of a mile along the fea five , where wee found a boate of fiue oz fire 
cannes baled vp dzie on the ſhoare about a cables length from the water: and with extreme labour 
wee lanched the barke: when it was on flote, Captaine Bruer and J went in, while the rell ol 
our compante were fetching their things: but ſudvenly it was rradie to finke : Aud the Captaine 
amd J ſtoon e vp to the knees lading out water with our targets: but it ſunk e vowne fatter then 
wer were able to fore it, inſomuch as in the end wee had much adoe to ſaue our felues from Drow: 
ning. Uihen wee were out, wee (ood in great feare that our owne boate wherein wee tame on 
fhoare was ſunke : lo; wee could no where ſee it. Powbeit the Captaine commanded them to 
kerpe it off, fop feare of the great ſurge that went by the ſhoare. Pet in the end wee (pied it. and 
went abooꝛd by two and two, and were Dpiuen to wade vp to the arme · holes 6o paces into the 
fea beloʒe wee could get into che boate, by reaſon of the ſhoaldn le: and then dtparted the ſoure 
teeuth day in the momung. a 
; Che: 16 wee tooke with the Hugh Gallane, being but ſirteene men ok vs in it, a great ſhippe 
which came from Guaianil, which was called The Lewis, and was of the burthen of three him 1 wip of 300 
Ned tung, having foure and twentie men in it, “wherein way pilot one Gonfaluo de Ribas, whom 2 
wee carried along with vs, and a Negro talled Emmanuel, The ſhippe was laden with nothene garen fight. 
but tunber and victuals : wherefore wee left her ſeuen leagues from the land very lealie and reap 8 
ony „ eee the line: wee ſunke her hon te and tooke away her fore: of S ontgerip 

lle and cettaine victuals, . 
Che 17 of May wor met wich dur admirall again e, and all the relk or our fleece, They hand ca- en di « 
hen two ſhips, the one laden with fugar, molofles, maiz, Cordouan-fhinnes, monte go de Pot- 30 
co, many packes of pintados, many Indian coates and ſome marmalade, and 1000 hennes: and ws taker, 
the other (hip was laden with wheate- mecle, ann bores of marmalave. One ot chete ſhips which weng Pre 
han the chicte marchandiſe in it, was wopth twentie thouſand pounds, ik it had bene in England dz pounds 
in any other place of Chriftendome where wer might haue ſolde it. Uice filled all our thips with 
aa much as wee could beſtow of thele goods : the reſt wee burnt aud che fhips allo; and fetibe men 
and women that were not killed on ſhoare. Che bap of 

Che 20 day in the maʒning wee came into the road of Paita, and being at an anker, our Gene: 2 
all landed wich ſixtie oz ſeuentie men, ſkiimiſhed with them ol , and dꝛaue them all to 
flight co che — of the hill which is ouer the towne, except a few ſome other which were 
of the meaner {o7t, who were commanded by the gouernours to w in the towne, at a place 2 new toit in 
hibich is in building lo afone, hauing with them a bloodie enligne, being in number about one dung · 
hunden men. JRowe as wee were rowing betweene the ſhips and the fhoare, our gunner thot off 
a creat peece out of one of the harkes and the thot fel among them, and dꝛaue them to fliefrom the 
foyt as att as they might runne, who got them up vpon an bill, and from cence ſhot among vs Fe wwe of 
with their ſmall ſhot. After wee were landed and hab taken the towne, wee ran pon them, and Telek a 
chaled chem fo fiercely vp che hilles fop the ſpace of an houre, that wee dau chem in the ende away but. 
eforce and being got vp the hilles, wee ound where they had layd all their luffe which they had 
ought out ol the towne, and hab hidden it there the mountaines. Tite allo found the quan: 25 pounds 
titie of 25 pounds weight in ſiluer in pietes of eight rials, and abundance of houſpold ſluffe ann weight in Ob 


Cloth op apparell away, betauſe they ſhould not tloy chemfelues with burthens: foꝛ hee knew not 

iuhethe r aur enemies wert moulded with ſurniture attoꝛding to the mumber of their men: foz 

they were flue men co one of vo SD ELI Same ore eth ball Somme ioe bo 
IJ 2 : 


Morehoufes full of all linde of waves : but out Generall would not fuffer any man to carvie much. 5 


2 1 
— — 


812 The Engliſh Voyages, MA. 7 homas ¶ anaſſb. 


wee came Downe in laletie to the towne , which was very well butlped , and maructious cit aue 
Che towne ol kept in tuexp ſtrette, with a towne · houſe o Guild hall in the middeit, and had to the munber ol 
beur- Cv himmged houles at the leaſt in it. Cee ſet it on fire to the ground, and to che batue of ; 
Wr bartuuron fue 0 fixe thou pounds; there twas alfo a barke ring in the conve whieh wer fet on fire, and 2 
=e departtd our courſe to the Gland of Puna. nop filuct t 
Che 25 day of Pap wee arxiurd at the land of Puna, where is a very good harbour, where Many ih ox 
wn ett oh — the burthen of 250 tunnes riding at an anker with all her furniture, Eaglaud. 
to which was readie to ber halen on ground : for there is a fpeciall good place fey that purpoſt. Iclce growing! 
funke (¢, and went on ſhoare where the loyd —— ich tons bp — ne, nie bombalin ¢ 
hat — — boufe maruellous well contriued with very many ſingular good roomes and the cotton 
chambers in it: and out of euerp chamber was framed a gallerie with a are feucn | 
on the one five, and into the J land on the other five very liedes fall 
at ſtoꝛehouſe all There 
bers, rant 
boule ther 
Jer nates and! 
his great wealth. There 
Spanith won am his wife is honoured ag a Queene in the Jland, and neuer goeth on the Grepe vir 
vpon her fete: but holdeth it too bate a thing for her : But when her pieaſurt is to take 
ame, 0) to goe abꝛoad, ſhee is alwapes carried in a ſhadowe like vnto an — 
toute mens (houlders , with a veile on canopie ouer ber fop the ſunne 07 the winde, haung b 
gentlewomen ſtill attending about ber with a great troope of the belt men of ihe Bland with her. 
But boch (yee aud che lopde ol the Fland with all the Indians in the towne leert newly fled out of 
che Jland before wee could get to an anker, by reaſon wee were bet almed before wer could get 
in, and were gone ouer vnto the maine Lande , hauing carricd away with them to the ſumme of 
100000 crownes, which wer knew by a captaine of the Aland an Indie n, which was leſt cere 
wich ſome other vpon the land vnder him, whom wee has taken at lea as wet were comiming in 
to the road, being in a balſa 0) canoa fop a {pie to lee that wee wert. 
The 27 our General himſelle with 
vnto the place where this fopel 


Caſique, which was the 
Fer — 


kings building, where are conti an bundꝛed foulnicrs in gari· 
Gas wet easier ee. ban ſent fon ſixtie moge fo; feare of burning of the thippes and 
towne, Dur Generell not any whit vifcouragen tither at the {ight of che balſos vulooke fen, 
cn Cop hearing of the thpcefcope fouldicrs not vntill then fpoken of, with a naue courage anima · 
ting his companic in the explopte, went prefencly forward, being in the night in a moll deſert path 
iu the woods, vntill ſuch tune as hee came to the place; where, as it ſetmed, they bad kept twatch 
either at the waters five, op at the hauſes, in elfe at both, and were newly gone out of the boufes, 
hauing fo hort warning, that they left the meate both bopling and roftmg at the fire and wert 
fledde with their trealüre with them, og elle burien it where it could not bee foun, being allo 
22 * Dur companie toahe hennes and ſuch things as wee thought goov, and came 
a p. * 
The 29 Dap Of Pay our General went in the ipip · boate into a little I land chere by, whereas 
belle Cafique it was the loꝛd of Puna ban — all the har gings of his chambers, which 
were of cordouan leather all guided oucr, and painted very faire and rich, with all his houlbold 
dun an anche on tals We me ting the row en num en u rea ie 


M. Thomas Candifh.Trattiques,and Diſcoueries. B13 


ofnailes, { of pron, anv manp other to bee all which wee found, and 
pikes of yt very : things onuepcu pich 


bꝛought away what our Oenerall op the (hips buſmeſle. 

This I land is very pleaſant fop all tequiſite, and fruitful: but there are no mines of gold 
nop filuct in it. Chere are at the leaſt 200 houles in the cowne about the Cafiques palace, and as 
er lu one oz two townes moe byon the land, which is al mot as bigge as the Beat Wighcin Ede Te of Pee 
bogland, Chere is planted on the one five of the Cafiques houſe a faire garden, with all herbes nats amon as 
Growing mit and at che lower cn a well of freth water and round about it are trees fet, whereon % 4 
bombalin cotton groweth alter this marcy : The tops ol the trees grow full of cong, out of which Conan tree. 
the cotton groweth, and in the cotto ol the bignelle of a peale, and in euery codde there 
ave ſeuen 0p eight ol thelefeeves + a alton bee not gathered when it is ripe, then thele 
feedes fall lrom it and fring agam: 

Chere ave alſo in this garden ſig · tires which beare continually, alſo popions, melons, tucum · 
bers, radithes, tolematie and thyme, with many other herbes and krults. At the other end ol the un ercelent 
boule there is allo another oythard. where grow openges lwecte and lower, limmons, pomegra. °xbar, 
nates and lymes, with diuers other fruits, 

Chere is very good patture ground in this Fland; and withall many horles, oren , bullockts 
GHeepe very fat and faire. great ſtoe of goates which be very tame, and are vled tontinually to bee 
milked. They haue mozeoucr abundance of pigeons turkeys, and bucks of a marucilous bignelle. 

There was alioa very large and great church hard by the Caſiques houſe, whither hee taultd 
all che Indians in the Iland co come and heave malle: (or he himſelte was made a Chyiſtian when 
be was varied to the paniſh woman before (poken of, and vpon his conuerfion he cauſed the rel 
of bi. mubiects to be Chrttenes. In this church was an high altar with a cruttlixt, and fiue belles 
Hanging in the nether end thereof. Ile burnt the church and bzought the belles away. 

Bp this time wee had baled on ground our admicall, and had made her cleane, burnt her hele, eye lend 
pitched and turred her, and had halen her on flote agatne. And in the meane while contmually kept sey Te 
watch and ward in che great houſe both night and day. e 

Che ſetond day of June in che moznung, by and by after bꝛeake of day, euery one of the watch 
being gone abꝛoad to ſceke to fetch in victuals ,fome one way, ſome another, ſome for hennes Come 
for ſberpe, fome for goats, vpon the luden there came down vpon vs an hundzed Spaniſh louldi· 
ers wich mufkets and au enligne, which were landed on the other five of the Jland that night, and 
all he Indians of the Jland with them, euery one with weapons and their baggage after them: 
which — by meanes of a Negro, whoſe name . — 2 — vs at our — 
landing there. Thus taken at aduantage we had the wontt ; fop our companie was not paſt Che ara ute 
figeeene on twentie; b sastunete ates beloze they were come to the houſes: yet LN 
we ſkirmiſhen with them an hourt and an halle: at the lat being fore ouercharged with multi 
Cubes, we were dꝛiuen vown from the hill co the waters ſide and there kept them play a while, vntil 
in the end Zacharie Saxie, who with his halberd had kept the way of the amv ſlaine a couple of 
them, as her heather himſelfe being ſome what tired, had an honourable death and a (hort + £0} u 2 dente 0a 
thot ftrooke him to the heart: whe feeling himſelfe moptally wounded trytd to God for mertie, 2 
aud tell dome meſentiy dead. But fone after the enemie was dꝛiuen ſomewhat to rettre front 
the banhes five co the greene : and in the ende ove boate came and carried as many of our men a · 

— — which was in hazard of linking while they haſtened into it: And one of 

our men tame was Robert Maddocke was thot though the head with his otwne peece, poser meddech 
being a ſuap · hante, ag hee was haſting into the boate. But foure of vs were left behtnde which D 
the boate could not cattie: to wit, my telfe Francis Pretie, Thomas Andre wes, Steuen Gua. . 

ner, and Richard Roſe: which had our (hot reavie and retired our ſelues vnto a cliffe, vntill the 

boate came againe, which was pyeſently after they bad carried the rett abourd. There were fire 

and fontie of the enemies flaine by vs, whereof they bar dpagged fome into bulhes, aum fome ita .6e,eniarde 
sine houſen, which wee founn afterward, Tee loit cwwelue men in maner following. aur Anden 


1 Tachatie Saxie, 2 Henry Mawdl 
8 


lune by | 2 Nesles Iohnſon, 
theenemie, J 2 William Geiroifield, f £3 Edward the gumerg man, 


U le 2 Ambrofe the muſitian, 1 owned. 


1 Walter Tilliard 5 
1 1 Robert Maddocke, 2 a Edward Smith, =e 
killed with his peece, 3 Henty Aſelye, . 


Ty) 3 


— — — ERRNO 
814. The Engliſn Voyages, M. 7 homas ( andiſb. 


— TS 

The (clfe fame day being the fecond of June, we went on fhoare again wih leur ntie men, aud 
Che hond had a kreſh ſkirmiſh wich the enemies, and dꝛaue them to retire, being en hundzid Spaniards ler- 
tira OD ring with mulkets, and two hundzed Indians with bowes artowes and darts. T his dene, wee 


The pam 
ards, 


fet fire on the towne and burnt it to the ground, hauing in it to che number of dhyec hundped houtes: 
The chiere and (hortlp after made hauocke of their elves orchards and garde ug, and burnetoure great ftps 
mbusnt. § moge which were in building on the ftockes, 

The third of June the Content which was our viceadmirall was haled on ground, to graue at 
the fame place in defpigh* ol the pantards: and allo our pinneſſt which the E paniards had bur. 
ned, was new trimmed, 

The fift dap of ume wee departed out of che roade of Puna , where wer had remaincd eltuen 

apes, and turned vp foz a place which is called Rio dolce, where wee watertd: at which place 
allo wee ſunke our rereadmtrall called The Hugh Gallant fo) want of men, being a harke of fo}. 


one of the beſt coatters in the Houth fea. This Michael Sancius was a Pꝛoutnſal, bone in Men. 
a ren. fils, and was che felt man chat tolde vs newen of the great lot talled The Sanca Anna, which 
wee afterward tooke comming from the Philippinas, 
Agreatnerws There were firemen more in this new ſhippe: we tooke her ſalles, her ropes, and fire- wood,to 
Hipoume. —ferue our turnes, ſet her on fire and kept the men. 
Che fecond Che tenth we tooke another barke which was going with aduile of vs and our {hips all along 
1 — viabwile the coalt, as Michael Sancius tolde vs: but all the ton panie that were in the barke were fludde on 
Sonfonaein ſhoare. None ol boch chele thips had any goods in ihem. Foz they came boch from Sonſonate in 
Huber Of the pꝛoumte of Guatimala; the new thippe,fop feare we ſhould halte taken her in the toad, and ih 
i barke burnt. bare, to carrie nrwes of vs along the coatt ; which barke alſo wee ſet on fire, 
pe ciuer u The 28 day of July wee came to an anker at 10 fathoms in the riucr of Copal ta, where wet 
Copelna made account to water. And the fame night wee departed with 30 men in the pinneſſe, and rowed 
Aguavicom to Aguatulco, which is but two leagues trom the aloꝛꝛſayd riuer: and ſtande ch in 15 degrees 40 
x5 vegreco and minutes to the JQopehward ol the Equinoctial ix, 
Laue The 27 in che moming by che heake of day wee came into the roave of Aguatulco, where wee 
1 burnt. found a barkt of 30 tunnes, which was tome from Sonfonare laden with caceos and anile which 
Cacaos they had there landed: and the men were all fico on ſhoare. Wee landed there, and burnt their 
tums dt 100 tone, with che church and cuſtome houle which was very faire and large : in which poule wire 
poules burnt, 600 bags of anile to dye cloth; euery bag whercof was worth 40 crownes, and 4co bag ot ca- 
ces gor f 68085 kuerp bag whercofis worth ten crownes, Cheſe cacaos goe among them for meate and 
meney in Nue- monep. Fc 150 of them are in value one rial of plate in ready payment. They are very like vn · 
ben. tt an almond, but are nothing lo pleafant in talle : they cate chem,anb make Dpinke of them, This 
the owner of the ſhippe tolde vs. J found in this towne before wee burnt it, a flaſket full of bot 
of balme. Alter we han ſpoylcd and burnt the towne, whercin there were ſome hundꝛed boules, 
the owner ol the ſhiype tame dowue out of the hilles wi h a flag of truce vnto vs, which before 
with the rett of all the towneſmen was run away at our firſt comming ; and at lengih tame abours 
our pinneſle vpon Captame Havers wonde of lafe renne. Ute carried im to the riuer of ( opa- 
lita where our Hippes rode: and when hee came to our Gencrall, hee cauſed him to bet ſet on 
ſyo ne in ſafetie che fame becaufe hee came vpon the captatnes two}, 
em gran L he 28 dap we ſet ſaile from Copalita, betauſe the fea was fo great there, that wee could not 
Rules mute the fill u ater, and ran the fame night into che roabe of A gustulco. 
deere The 29 ow Generali iandẽd ard cut on Hoare with thixtie mien io mics is ide we, 
wah zo dunn. here wee tooke a Meftizo, whoſt name was Michael de Truxillo, who wat tuſtemer of that 
towne , and wee found with him two chambers full of bis Nuffe : wee bytcug hi bim and bis flute 
abourd. And whereas J lay he was a Meſtmo it is tobe wnderReod that a Mefbzo is one which 
hach a Spaniard to his father and an Indian to his mother. 


Plnlippin⸗ 
The for 


— 
ö dib. 

— 

men, aun 
lalds ler⸗ 
one, wee 
d houles; 
cat fips 


graue at 
had burs 


(D eleuen 


seine 


befope in 


eth iarne 
8 dillant 


gone Mi- 
bee was 
e in Men. 


a, which 
wood to 


all along 
flu dde on 
ſonate in 
D, and che 


phere wee 


nd told 
grees 40 


= B-. . = 


M. Tho nat (andiſb. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 


Che lerond vay of Auguſt, we had watere d. and cpamincd ihe laid Meltizo. d let hum on toe , 5 
agatue and departed from the port of A guatulc o the lame night, which ſandeth as J lap d bifoze en Agua- 
in 25 degrees and 40 minuts to the Noithward of the lyue. 5 tuko, 

Here wee oucrflipped the hauen of Acapulco, from whence che ſwippes are “et looꝛth oy the 


€ he shird 
polle of aduiſt 


Che ſetond of September wee departed from Sant Iago atfoure of the clocke in the eue · 
ning. TBhisbay of Sane lago ſtandeth iũ ntucteenc degrees and eighteene minuts to the North 
ward of the lyne. 

The — wee arvine in alle Bap a eagueto the Ctettuerve of Pore de Naui- 


dad called Malacce, which is a bery good place to vide in: and the fame day about twelue of the ter 


clocke ich chirtie men op there about, and went vp to a towne of Indiaus Matacca. 

which — cen cig ubich towne is called Acatlan: there were in it about 20 ihe tio a 

iz 30 houſes and a Church, which ee eee ’ 
wert fled out of the towne at t of vs. 

Selene — wie departed from the roade of Malacca, and faplen along the 

coatt. 


come to the ſea fine with vs. 

Our Generall made their wiues to fetch vs Plantang, L ynmnons, and Oranges, Pine · 
ayles and other fruites whereof cher bap abundance, and fo tet then bulbanden Depart, erecpe 
Sembrano the Spanilh Carpenter, and Diego the Portugal; and the tenth day wee depatted 


che roade. 

The twell wee arriurd at a little Wand called the Ille of Sant Andre we, on which Che fur of 
— —.— fowle aud wood : where ene and falteD ag many of the fotwles as we — 
good: wee Alo killed there abundance of (eales , and Igua nos Which are a kinde of 


Herpents, with foure ferte, aud a lung warpe tayle, range to them which haue not fecne chem * 


ut chep are very good meate. Cie ridde here vntill che leueuteench dap, at which time wee 

departed. 

wee arriued in the roade of Meſſatlan, which ſtandeth in 23 vegrees !, iuſt vnder de len . 23 
Pe Sader Aa yoy pt within, but is barred at the mouth: and vpon oan 
the Moꝛch ide of the barre without, is good freth water + but there is very cuil iling of it: bee 

tauſe at a lowe water it is ſbaald halfe a mile off the ſhoare. There is great Moye of freth fith 


in that bay ꝛ and good fruites vy into the countrey, whereof wee hab ſome, though not with 


| 
September wer ted from the roade of Maſſatlan and iano a 


un J. 
T tobere twee trimemeet ene eens Reet EEE 


ſhips and new built our pinmeties an there in aldde flan a quarter of aleague feom it, un which ‘arian, 


are ſe les where sifoner, whole name was Domingo, being (ent to wath thirces wich un Gee, 
prt ene — 4 tothe maine, was an @rngltth mile vittant: 4 Baal 
at which place we han ſeen 3.0 09 40 Spaniards ¢ Jndians which were hoplemen,and kept watch 


816 The Englith Voyages, &c. MT tomas Candifh 


clue nad. thert, which came froma towne called Chiameils, which was 11 leagues vp into the tountrty as 
Michael Santius told vs. Cite found vpon the iſland where we trimined our pinnelle. freſh water 
bp the alliſtance of Ood in that our great neede by digging two oz tinte foote detpe in the lande, 
where no water nop ſigne of water was before to be perceiuen, Otherwiſe we had gon backe 20 
m 3 oleagues to water: which might haue bene occalion that we might haue miffed our prep wee 
had long wayted fer. But Godrapled one Flores a Dyaniard which was alſo a pꝛiſantr with vs, 
to make a motion to digge in the ſands. Mow our Generall hauing hav experience ones before of 
Cern warn the like, cammander to put his motion in pꝛattile and in digging three foote deepe wee found ve⸗ 
ul 7 good and freth water. Vo we watered our (hips,and might haue filled achoufand tunes moe, 
dend. ik we had wi uld. 
Ae ſtayed in this iſland vntill che 9 day ol October , at which tir it we departed at night £0 the 
cape ofS, Lucar, which is on the CUeſt five of the point or California. 
Che eape of The 14 of October we fell wich ihe cape ofS. Lucar, which cape is verp like the Needles at 
pomcorca- the ille al dcricht; and within the fain cape is a great bay callen by the Spaniards Aguada Se- 
fom - gura :: into which bay falleth a faire freſh river, about which many Indians ble to keepe : wee wa: 
Moe eren tu the imer and lay off and on front the ſaide cape of S,Lucar untill the fourth ot Pouember, 
and had the windes hanging till @itetterty, 
fe The 4 of Nouember the Deſire and the Content wherein were the number of Eng⸗ 
drgterg and, llt men onely liuing, beating vp and dow ne vpon the headland of California, which Mandeth in 23 
uno tune. degrees and; to che Morthward, betwene leuen and 8 of the clocke in the moming one of the 
company of our admirall which was the tiumpeter of the ſhip going vp into the top eſpied a layle 
bearing in from the fea with the cape; whereupon hee ciyed out with no (mail toy to himfelfe and 
the whole company, A ſayle, A ſayle, with which cheerefullworn che matter of the ſhip and diners 
others of the company went allo vp tito the maine top, who perctiung the ſpeech to be very true 
gaue infoxmation vnto our Generall of theſe happy newes, u ho was no leſſe glad then the cawe 
required: whereupon he gau in charge prefenilp vnto the whole company co put all things in ita 
dines, which being per o med we gane thE chaſe ſome 3 07 4 houres Landing with our beſt aduan 
tage and working lad ioe winde. In the afterncone we gat vp vnto them, guung them the brow 
fide with our great opdinance and a volee of fmall ſhot, a · > petentlp lapen the fhip abooꝛd, whercol 
the king ol Spaine wes owner, which was Admiral of the fouth lea, called the S. Anna, ¢ thought 
to be 700 tums in burthen. Now as we were ready on their {hips fide to enter her, being not 
paſt 500) Go men at the vttermoſt in owe ſhip. we perceiucn that the Captaine of the fa Hip hid 
made fights fore and alter and layd their ſailes clole um their poope thei mid (hip, with their fore 
caltle, and hauing not one man tobe ſetne, ſtood clofe under their Sights with lances iauelings, tas 
piers, targets, c an innunerable font of great ſtones. which they threw ouerbooꝛ vpon our heads 
4 and into our {hip ſo fatt and being fo many ol them, that 14 put vs off ibe ſyippe againe, with the 
Se. e lolſe of 2 of out inen which were ilaine, with the burting o 405 5. But for we new trim. 
med out ſalles and fitted euery man his furniture, and gaue them a fecth incounter with our great 
oydinance and allo with our ſmall thot,raking them though and though, to che killing and mate 
ming ol many ol their men. Thete Captaine Mil like a valiant man with his company Mood verp 
ftoutely onto bis cloſe fights, not peetoiing as pet: Dur Otneral encouraging his men a frit) wub 
the whole noyſe of tr wo — them the third encounter with our great oꝛdinance and all our 
{mail thot to the great d snfopting of our enemies raking chem thyough in diners places, killing 
and {potliag many of their men. Chey being thus difcomfopted and (potled, aud their il ippe being 
in of finking by reafon of the great thot which were made, wherof ſome wore vnder water, 


i .ag, Within s 6 houres fighe (et outa Hagge of ceuce ann pacted for mercy, deliring car Gene: al to 


laue their ines anv to take their goons, and that they would prefencly peelo, Our General of his 
goodnes promifen them mercp,and willed them to trike their faples, and to hoyſt out their hoate 
and to come abaoyd: which newes they were ful glad to heare of and prelently rockt their le Aeg, 
boyſed their boat out, and one of their cheife mar chants came aboopd vnto our Sencrall: and Cale 
ling dowue vpon b:s knees offered to haue killed ou Generals feete, and craurd meicie: on Bee 
neral moſt gratiouſſy pardoned both him and the rett vpon pomife of their true dealing with him 
and his company concerning fuch riches as were in the ſbtppe : and fent for the Captaine and here 
8 PATE, daha at th ett COMMING bird ihe ĩme duiit and reuerence as iht imer dib. The Gener 
ae Sie dens rall of his great mercy ¢ hinnanttie, promifen their lines aud good vſage. E he (apd Captaine and 
rwents ibow Pilote pnefentip cevethien the Oenerall what goods they had Laithin boop, to wit, an buudyerb en 

wo peseeat 9 2 dhoulant n riches that the thip wa. aden with was in hen. 
§ yiso10 8s, fattens, damatks, with muthe ¢ diuers other marchandize, and great Hope ot al me nei ol aa 


ry true 
he cawe 
Is in teas 
ſt aduan⸗ 


Mp hid 
heir fore 
lings, tas 
ur heads 
with the 
w trim. 

ur great 
and Mate 
ood very 
rifh wuh 
iD all our 
8, killing 
pe being 
x water, 
ner all to 

all ol his 
cir boate 
ir lodes, 
an d fal 
ott Bee 
vith hun 
and ‘heir 
t Di nes 
aine and 
netheny 
in filkes, 
victuelg 


with 


A. Thomas Candiſh. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 


wurd the choyle ot many conferucs of al fopces fo to eate. anv of {undp forts of very good wints. 15 san 
Chefe things being made knowne ta the Gentrall by the alozeſatde Captame and Pilote mae they grea: Bip. 


ar all the f.... . ⁵˙—8 — 
This ended, our Generall diſcharger rp BO 7 — — with pꝛouiſion 
Ates n an Yao both of ſwoꝛds, targets pieces. ſhot, and pow. 
to his great contentment: but before his departure, he tocke out of his great ſuppe two pong wo bopes 

ed, which could boch wyighe and reade their owne language, the elvett being 
about 20 peers ode bag ivanen Chriftopher, the other was called Coſmus, about 75 peeves of Thre bores 
ogt hath oftverp goes good capacitic, He taoke alſo with him out ol their hip, ; bopes bonne in the illes of 

Manilla, the one about 1 5 che other about i 3, and the pongett about g peeres old. The name 
ol che elxeſt was Alphonse om Anthony de Dafi, the third remaineth with the right ho · 
nourable the Countelle of Effex, Me allo cooke from them, one Nicholas Roderigo Wiege, — — 
Sa af Lapon bes 

: nas. 


be berp rue 
none, our General 


we mane faſt litle pieces of old 
ceo alc a ngs oe their canoas, and! 3 
and tooke off ihe iron, and in exchange of it they would make faſt vnto the fame line 
3 tomes onaneeieamenails we halen in: aun thus our company exchanged 
wich them until chey had latiſtied themſe lues with as nich as did content them: yet we could not 
be rid of them. Foz afterward ihey were fo thicke about the (hip, that it ſtemmer q brake 1 op 2 of 
shett canons : but the men ſaurd te mĩe urs being in euery canon 4,6,07 8 perions ail naked ſ er 5, * 
ſwammets and divers. They are of a tau colour matuetlonts lat, ¢ bigger ordinarily and das of 
olſlature thé dhe melt part of cut men in England, wearing thetr hairt marueilous long: yet ſome a. oe 4 
ol them haut it made v and ted wich a knot ou dt corone n ſdine with a ots, much like 2 * 
ete 


818 The Englith Voyages, &c. A. Thomas ( andiſb. 


e ue their unages which wee law them baue carued in wood, and ſtanding in the head of their boates 
like puto the images ol the deuill. Their canoas were as artiũtially made as any that euer wee 
had leene: confincring they were made and contriued without any enge-toole, They are not a 
N ſternes 
are both alike , they are mabe out with raftes of canes and reedes on the ſtarrebodſide, with matte 
Se en and ſayle: their faple 3 —— and chey faile ar well 
mem — . — vs fo long, that we could 
ln be node olthem: vntill in the end our General commander fome halle dozen harquebuzes to 
Ebe nundie Somes aud binlelfe ſtrooke one ol them and the reſt (hot at them: but they were fo part 
2 unn md eee ee 
ward into the 
The raden of Anny — Cop oll he stole watth, from 12 at night vntil 
foure in the monning by che of day wee fell with an headland of the tiles of the Philippinas, 
— Sprito which is called Cabo del Spirito Sanco which is of very great bigues and length, high lund in the 
e muddeſt af it. and very low land as the Cape lyeth Eat and cet, trending karre into the fea to the 
Philippines in 13 weſtward. This cape on illand is diſtant from the ue of Guanz,one o the Ladrones,3 10 leagues. 
Dear ee eee and ſome foule weather, bea: 
8. ring no layle two od three nights, This land ſtandeth in 13 degrtes, and is a plate much pe — 
bead pubs ilk heathen people, and all wosdie though the whole land: e 
Samo ts 310 al the Philippinas called Manilla about 6o leagues, Manilla is well planten and inhabited 
guns. Spaniards to che munber af lire on ſeuen hunnped perfons : which nwwell in a towne etal, 
The dolttioti Which hath ; op 4 ſmall blacke houles,pact made of wood, and part of None beeing inpecve 
entero great ſtreugth : hep — og ane gates ae nm It is a very rich — 
Krave — golde aud many other commodities; and they haue — trafficke from Acapulco in Nueva 
en E(panna,anp allo 20 © 30 ſhippes from China any — — 
ant d Ch {i rind ar — tg of China and the Sanguelomare part Moores and part bea: 
ealled senguelos — Tbep bub vent tee of with them. which they tr l 


Pitner exchan- yer and ue waight fo waight. Chele Sanguelos art — in deuiſiung 

Fv ist fo and maki ig nent aeaeioonie a Sibaral aaties and ſciences: and euery ona is lo 
expert perlect. and ſ killull in his facultie, as ewe 0 no Chpittians are able to qne beyond them in 
that which they cake in band. sop tzawing ¢ imbodering vpon fatten, ilch. m lawne,ctther beatte, 
fowle, ith or wome. ion liuelines and perfectnes, bath in luke 


came to an 
one of the Dur Chippe was nofooner come to an anker. but pretencly there tame a canoa rowing avoot 
„ cnt ee coer, — — 
Hand au we were Spantardes, bought vs potato rootes, which they call camotas,and greene cocos, in ex- 
ene, change whereat we gaue bis company pieces ol linen to the quantitit of — 7 — 
amines batket —— of a quart in quantitie: which rootes are very 
1 roſted ot boyled. 


* Dn ae proof ad cam oc a pra 
* gett ol che principals i eile came aboond and bought with oy eer . 
vlrd che fame order with ts which they doe wich — 4452 tooke fap cuery hog 
(which cher tak Palboye) right rials of plate, mum fon every henne op cocke one riall of plate. Tyus 
tn rane ac aera chap nog nrg but bap rote, coco, bees, bogges, anv lich 
things as they hnougüt refreſhing cur flues marueilouſiy well. 
The (ame vay arnight beeing the utternth OF Jamar 1588, Nicolas Roderigo 17 
excgal, hem wee toclkt out ofthe great Lanta Anns. cpo California, pelle to (peake 
with ow General in lecretstwbicd when our Geers: ovis ss be ſent lo; yim, x afer him what 


Ce ax. gat alixougp be had oli kded n 


na, anc 
burnt « 
the kin 
was th 
willed 
prouifi 
called ( 
force in 
ding in 
ker, the 


iſland, 
was in! 
compan 
thereup 
conclud 
hee ſhou 
that we 
had pay 
ſure man 
red. and 
The 
in then 


he: 
erer 


The 
ta Hr 
came fri 
Frigat a 


M.Thoinas Candifh. Tralfiques, & Difcoueries. 819 


foup heretotode, pet nowe hee had vowed his faith and true ſeruice vnto him, and in refpect thereof 
he neither could nop would cõceale (uch trealon as was in working agatnt him and bts company: 


and that was this. That the Spantard which was taken out of the great ian Anne for aytlote, The traten ot ie 


Whole name was Thomas de Erfola, had wpiitena letter and lecretip ſcaicd it and loched t vy Ors tea, 


in dis cheſte, meaning to conuey it by the inhabitants of this and to Manilla, the contents where ied. 


ol were: That there had bene two Englith ſhips along the coait of Chili, Pern, Nuena Eſpan- The copporthe | , 


na, and Nuewa Galicia, and that they had taken many ſhippes and marchandize in them, and totes meter to 


burnt diuers cownes, and {poiled all that euer they could come vnto, and that they had taken A r | NR 


the kings fhip which came from Manilla and all his treaſure, with all the marchandize that wineh was 
was therein; and had fet all the people on fhore,taking himfelfe away perforce, Therefore he {ub bis 
willed them that they fhould make ftrong theit bulwarks with theirtwoGallies, and all ſuch tranfloten bp 
prouifion as they eould poffibly make. He farther fignified, that wee were riding at an ifland e bodies 
called Capul, which was at the end of the ifland of Manilla, being but one fhippe with final} Care! avion- 
force in it, and that the other fhip,as he fuppofed, was gone forthe North. weft paflage,fian- Polh ect 
ding in 55 degrees: and that if they 1 vſe any meanes to furprize vs being there ac an an- * 
ker, they fhould diſpatch it: for our force was but ſmall, and our men but wes ke, and thatthe wen — — 
place where we toade was but 50 leagues from them. Othetwiſe ifthey let vs eſcape, within pbs — 
fe we yeeres they mult make account to haue their towne beſieged and facked with an atinie 
ol Engliſh. This infoꝛmation being giuen, our Generall callen for him, and charged him with 
thefe things which at the firſt he vtterly denyed: but in the ende, the matter being made manileſt 
and knowen of certaintie by eſpeciall tryall un. proofes, the next moming our General willed chat ane Span 
he ſhould be hanged : which was accoꝛdingly perfoꝛmed the 16 of January. F ee 
Me roade for the ſpare of nine dayeg about this iſland of Capul, where we had diuer e Kindes . 4 urge 
of frelh victuals, with excellent freſh water in euery bay, and great tore of wood. The people of che mt of |P 
this illand go almoll all naked anv are tawny of colour. The men weare onely a ſtroope about their (Pe este 
waſtes, of ſome kiude ot linnen of their owne weauing, which ig made of plantan leaues and ano⸗ 
ther Qroope comming from their backe vnder their twiſtes, which couereth their pꝛiuit parts, aun 
is made faſt to their girdles at their nauels. 
Thele people vle a ſtrange kinde of onder among them, which is this. Currp man and mat: 1 rang 
childe among them hath a nayle of Tynne thꝛuſt quite though the head of his priute part, being bing. 
ſplit in che lower ende and riuetted, and on the head ol the naple is as it were a ccowne: which is 
Driven through their piuities when they be yong, and the place groweth vp againe , without any 
great paine to the child: and chey take this nayle out and in as occafion ſerueth: and tor the truth 
thereof we our felues haue taken one ol theſe nafles from a ſonne of one of the kings which was of 
the age of 10 yeeres who did weare the ſame in his piuie member. f 
This cuſtome was granted at the requeſt of che women of the countrey, who finding their men 
to be giuen to the fo wie {inne ol Sodomie, delired ſome remedie againſt that miſchiefe, and obtei· 
ned this before named of ihe magiſtrates. SPopeoucr all the males are circumcilcd, hauing the Cirtumtidon 
fonefhinne of their fleſh cut away. Theſe people wholly woꝛſhip the dcuill, and often tines haue 
conference with him, which appeareth vnto them in mot vgly and monſirous ſhape. 
On the 23 day of January, out Senerall . Thomas Candiſh caufen al the principals of this 
iſland, and ol an hundzed illands moze, which he had made to pay tribute vnto him / which trivute 
was in hogges hennes potatoes and cocos, )to appeare before him, and made himfclfe and his 
company knowne vnto them that they were Engliſh men, and enemies to the Spaniardes: and 
thereupon ſpꝛedde his Enſigne and founded vp the dꝛumnnes, which they much waruelled at: to che inant 
conclude, they pꝛomiſed boch themſelues and all the illands thereabout to apne him, whenlocuer aor 
hee ſhoulde come againe to ouercome the Opaniardes. Allo our Generall gaue chem, in token ande Ar 
that wee were enemies to the Spaniardes, money backe againe lag all their tribute which dep hd ehe 
had papeo: which they tooke maructlous kriendly, and rowed about our (hippe to ſhewe vs plea⸗ @uguth ae 
lure maructlous Iwitly: at the laſt our generall caufen a faker to be thes off whereat they wonde: Benen ine 
red, aud With great coutentment tooke their leaues af vs. 
The next vay being che twentie foure ol Januarie, wee fette ſaple aboute ſixe of the clock pur beyartrre 
in the moꝛning. and ran along the coaſt of the (and of Manilla , ſhaping sur courſe onchwel Ne Nuns 


ory / $ F ashen 
berwerne de ite of Manilla ano the ile of Masbat, 


Gop tie BF 
The 28 day in che moming about 7 of the clocke.ribing at au anker betwirt 2 ands, Dore ſpt· Ab 
ed a Hrigat vuder her two coarſes comming out betweene 2 other Manys, which as we tnagined 
came krö Manilla fapling clofe aboond the ſh ze along the neste iſland of anama: we chaſtd this ane inane at 
Frigat along che (here,¢ gat very laſt vyon it, vntil in che end we came lo neert that it oon in 4 the Panama, 
* ode 


—— me 


The Engliſh Voyages, &c. . Tlomas (‘andifh. 


820 


{yore clofe by a u inde, wneill (hee was becalmed and was Driuen to Uricke het fayle, and banked 

bp wich her dares: whercvpon we came Vato an anker with our ſhip, a league ond an halle from 

the place where the Frigate rowed un and manned cur boat with halle a dozen ot and as many 

men wich lwoꝛds which did row che boat: thus we made alter he Frigate which had hoyled fate 

. and rau into a riucr, which we could not find, Wut as we rowed along the (hope, our boate came in · 

ball u water, to very hallow water, where many weares and ſticks were fee vy in diuers places in the lea ſrom 

whence 2 92 3 canoas came forth, whereol one made lomewhat necre vnto vs, with 3 03.4 Indians 

in it: we called vnto lhem but they would not come neerer vnto vs, but rowed from vs: whom 

wee durſt not kollowe too karre for feare of bringing our ſelues to much to the leewarde of our 

Piston — (hip, Here, as we locker about vs, we eſpied ano her Balla op canoa of a great bignes which they 

BEAL eas yyhich were in her, did let along as we do vlually (et a barge with long ſaues oꝛ poles, which was 

bullded vp with great canes,and below bard by che water made to row with oarcs wherein were 

about 5 02 6 Indians and one Spaniard: nowe as wee were tome aloft at the Balſa, wee tana 

MSymiard ground wich our boate but one o two of our men leaped ouer · booꝛd and treed it againe pꝛeſently. 

of Manila and ber ping thwarte her head, we layed her abooyd aud tooke in to us che Spaniard, but the Indi- 

500160 Spa. ans leapev into the fea and diued and role farre off againe from vs. Meſently vpon the taking of 

ibm le. this canon, there ſhewed vpon the land a band of ſouldters mavching with an enligne hautng a red 

Croke lite che flagge of England, which were about 30 0 60 Spantardes, which were lately 

come lrom Manilla to that towne which is called Ragaun in a Barke to ketch a new ſhippe of the 

% 28 be kings, which was biulding in a riuer within the bay, and ftaved there but fop certain yꝛons what did 
dalbung · lerue fop the rudder ol the ald ſhup. wbich they looked for euery day. 

This band of men ſhot at vs trom the yore with chew muſkets but hyt none ol vs, and wee (hoe 
cen manned at heim againe: they allo manned a rigate and ſent it out alter our boat to haue taken vs, but we 
aller us. e with alle and darts went from them: and when they perceiucd that they could not fetch vs, but 

that they mutt come within dauger ol the oꝛdinante of ou ſhip, they ſtood in with the oye againe 
and landed their men, and prefenclp Cenc their Frigate about the point. but whether we kn: w not. 
Do we came aboojd with this ane Spaniard, which was neither ſouldier nop ſayler, but one this 
au hohutau was come among the reſt from Manills, and had bene in the holpital there a long time before, and 
in ie ag a very ſunpie foule, and uch a one as could anſwere to very little that hee was afked, concer: 
veining the tare ofthe countrey. Were wee roade at anker all that night, and per ceiued that the 
Spantards had difperled cheic band into a 02 3 parts, and kept great watch in ſeueral ſleedes with 
fires and (hooting off their pieces. This iſland hath much plame ground in it in many places, and 
many layze and ſiraight trees do grow vpon it, fit for to make excellent good mates ln all lots 
ge ol Chips. There are alſo mynes of very line gold in it which are in the cultodte of the Indians. Ad 
toe Sinbor to the South. ward of this place, there is another very great illand, which is not ſubdued by the 
. Spaniards, noꝛ any other nation. The people which mbabice it are all Negros; and the illand + 4 
Cheinandor called the tflan of Negros: and is almoſt as bigqe as England, ſtanding ing degrees: the mot 
Nene part olit leemeth to be very lowe land and by all likelihood is very fyuitlull. 
The bt The ꝛ9 day of Fanusrp aboute fire of che clocke is the momning we fet ſaile, ſending our boate 
rurecronitbe before vntil it was two of the clock in the afiernoone, palling all this time as it were through a 
rauen. ſtraight betwirt the (aid 2 iſlands ol Panama, and the illand of Negros, aud about 16 leagues off 
we elpied a layie opening ending Srouthwett and by ouch, at which time our boate came a 
Hood, and our Generall (ent commendations co the Spaniſb captaine which wee came from the 
eucning before by the Spamard which we tooke,and willed hun to proutde good ſtoze of gold: fo 
he meant for to lee him wich his company at Manilla wilhin fewe peeres,and that he did but want 
a bigger boats to haue landed his men, oz elle hee would haue lecue him then: and fo cauled hun to 
be let an ſhoze. 

The b bay of Febꝛuary by 8 of the clocke in the moꝛning we elpied an illand ueert Gilolo, cal- 

Batschina, led Batoc hina, wich tende th in oe degree from the E quinoctial line Aonchwerd. 
110 12. au The 14 day ot Febyuarp we fell with 1 1 or 12 very (mail i lands, lying very low and flat. full 
vlanibe in 3 be ol trees. aid palſed bp (ome illands which ve lunch e and haue the bpp lands lying in the matne fea. 
Prine Goutye Thele illands ucert the Maluc ocs, lan in 3 degrees aud ro min. to the South · ward of — 
ware. On the 17 day, one lohn Gameſord a Cooper dped, which had bene ficke of an elde cafe 
shameing sng EE. ‘Soe sobap wee kek welecereaine ates ilanna which ban manv {mail illands a: 
fegrere (ouch: mong them landing 4 Degrees to the South-ward of the lyne. Ou the 21 dap of K ebpuarte, 
m. be being Aſh we dueſday Captaine Havers bed of a moſt feruent and ague which belo hum 
Le death ot kurtoully fome 7 0; 8 dapes, tothe no ſimall qriefe of our Oenerall and of all the reit of the conte 
ban = amy, who cauled two Falcons and one Sacre to be thot off, with all che fall thotce in che 2 


5. 
janked 
> from 
many 
d lalle 
me ts 
a ſrom 
ndians 
whom 
of our 
ch they 
ch was 
in were 
e ran a 
rently, 
¢ Indi. 
king of 
g ared 
e lately 
e of the 
chat did 


wee {hot 

but we 
bs, but 
e againe 
w not. 
one that 
de, and 
coneer 
that the 
des with 
ces, and 
all fonts 
ans. And 
ed by the 
ifland + 
the mot 


ur boate 
pouch a 
gues off 
came a 
from che 
gold: fo 
but want 
ep hun to 


lolo, cal 


by reaſon ol the 


ol the 


out to the 


th 
that ee had: 
an uered that we 


who alter he was (hpoword in a ſbette and a 
tation ol vn all. Mqxeouer, pꝛeſemliy 
maurueiloully licke, and fo continued in 


M. Thomas Candifh. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


et ſayd, was heuen ouet bo) d with great lamen⸗ 
after his death my felfe with diners others in the ſhip fell 
very great paine fop the ſpate of three we ekes oz amoneth 
ertreeme beat and vntemperatneſle of the Climate, 


$21 


Che firk day of March hauing „ the Wtraigbts ol Iaua minor and Iaua malor, arch 1588, 


wet came to an ancher vnder the 


Lev his Negro to call vnto them: who no fooner heard him call. but pref 
bone five and made anfwere, Dur Generall by the Negro t 
water, which they found , and cauled che Hither to goe to the Ring and to certilie bimofa 
at was come to haue trafique fo) victuals, and fop diamants, pearles, 0) any other riche 
fo) which bee ſhould haue either golde oz other marchanvifeinerchange, Che 
ſhould haue all maner of victuals that wee would requeſt. Thus the bone 
awpdagaing, Clithin a while alter wee went about to furnith owe Mippe tho ug iy with woe 


oy kop — laua maior 2 certaine 

people which wert fihing by the a bay which was vnder d. Then our aaa, 

General caine into the thip-boat certaine of bis company, and a Negro wbich could (peake the 

Moriſco tongue, which bee bad taken out of the great S. Anna, made towarvibofe filbers, which 

hauinz efpied our boat ranne on ſboare into the wood fo) le are of our men: but our Oentrall caus epe derte 
ently one of themecarne , Arabian 

nquired of hum Cop feet) inion in lana. 


Our arrival at 


her 
came 


dag water. 41 
About the eighth of March two oy thee Canoas came from the totone wate us with egg, 


freth fit, 02 


anges, and lymes, and brought wonde wee thould haue had vicrusis ope 


hennes, 
plentifully, but that they were fo karre to bet brought to vs where wee ride. Lhich when our 
— te 


hee 

faile wee mette wih one of che kings 
in the winde and Raped fop the canoa vntill it came abo of vs 

was hard by and came to an ancker. In this canoe was the Kings 


on his hend a pi 
uing about 


canoas towarde vs: 


d ancker and oove in necrer fo2 the towne: and t Wee were DUDES 


wee thoke the 


Detretarie, who 


and Roope into the bay 


A ums of lers 
bad ung 


ol died linen cloth folded vp like vnto a Turkes Tuliban: he was all naken la · bs 


watte , his bꝛeaſt was carued with the hroade arrowe vpon it; hee went bare · 


footed : he bab an interprecour with him, which was a Mcltizo, that is, halſe an Indian and halle 
aortugall, who could (peake bery good Potugeſe. This Secrecarte ſignillod onto our Oe. 
netall that he had brought dim an hogge, hennes, enges, freſh fith, ſugat. canes and wine: ( which 
wine was as Grong as any aquauitæ and as clare as any rocke waters ) he tolde him fart hei that Nipe wine, 


bee would bing 


tuals ſo 


ip for hun, as hee and his company would requeſt, andibat 


within the fpace of foure dayes. Dur Genevall vſed him lingulatiy well, banquetceo him mot 
ropally with the chopce of many and (undgp tonſerues, wines both (wette anv other, and tauſed 
bis Muficiens to make him muſicke. Chis done our Generall tolde bim that hee and bis come 
pany were Enghihmen; and that wee had bene at China and had had trafique there with them. 
and that wee were come thither tonsicouer, and purpofed to goe to Malaca. The people of laua 
— — that the re wert cer: aine Portugals in the pland which lap there as Factours 


to traliqu 


e wich them. to Lup Negros, cloues, pepper 


lugar, and manpother tommo⸗ Clones. pep 


dities. This Secretarie of the Ring with his intcrpretour lay one night abo zv our ſbiype. Che Rap ihr 
ſame night, becauſe they lap abopd, in the euening at the letting of the watch, our Generali tom. 12 


manded cuerp man in the 
40. 0} 50, ſmall (ont and one Sacre , 


to pꝛouide his harque 


and his ſhotte, and ſo withſbooting off 
bimlelfe — — This was no ſimall mar: 


ueile vnto thele heathen people, who had not commonly ſeene any ſbippe ſo furniſbed with men 
and Oꝛdinance. Thenext mopning wee dilmiſſed the Becrttarie and his interpꝛetour muh all 


bumanicie. 


The fourth day after, which was the 1 2. ul March, accopding to their 


into a bap vader the yland vnt ill the next Dap, and pꝛeſently after the byeake of day there tame to 
laden with victuals as ˖ 


the number ol 9,0) 10. of the Kings canoas ſo derpely 
wicht wo great line oren, halfe a Ine of wonderfull great and tat hogges, a numberof hennes ths Rings ca 
mere canes. ſugar in plates, cocos, {weet oranges 1 


an foe, lymes, great 


— tudcouala 


5 SSS St St 


MII TSS, Ss Sis Ss tyr 


ne 
elle. ‘wich niseva af the Rigg afficova 


came the 
s; but tbe winde being fomewhat ſ kant they could not get aboard that night but put 


of wine and aquauitæ, fale io feafon wictuals withall, and almoſt 
tahich Amana 


could (isin, ame os 10.08 


All ele arin Sagggzzs 
e g= 


une er of tel canons came tne , which were of middie ftarure, 9419 in les. 
and men — — of chem in aloole terkin, and hoſe, 
which came dame from che watte to the ancle, becaule of the vſe of the Countrep, and part: 


ip becauſe it was Lent, and a time fo e eee ian a 
j * 


I TD 


512 The Englic Voyages, Nauigations, M4.Tbo.Candifh, 


of great bitlike among cbete bearhens to weare either bole cn thoes on thetr feetes) ber pan on sch 
of them a very f. tre nd a white lawne chunt, with f bands on the fame, very det tulp, onclp 
their bare legs excepted. hele Woptugales were no top vnto our Oenerall and all the ret 
of our company : #70) we had not (ecne any Chriftian that was our feiend ol a pecte anv an halle 
them lingulatiy well, with banquets and mufiche: 

Shep told vs that they were no Lette glad to (ee vs. then wet to lee them, and of the tllate 
SE Ae ie de wat ek LEE — Reape sent trans 
070: f .* 

eee ee ene d. 

England. and had bonowrable allowance 

Se warte bet weene Spaine and England, and that we wert come 


D oy eae Oar they tiere 
Smee : u ebeocber ioe they veclared unto vs the Gate ol che plano ot : . Tach the plentifuines uud 
grea colte ano dope of victuals of all foyt8,¢ of allmanet of fruits us befoye ts downe: Then 


che greac and rich marchandtze 

nature of tbe people as followeth. The name of the King ol that part of the pland was Raia Bo- 
Rea besse Jamboam, tubo was a men bad in great maicitie and feate among them. Che cunnmon people 
* map not bargaine, ell. on exchange any thing with anp other nation, without ſpe ciall licence from 
their hing + and if anp Ge doe, it ts prefene Death fop bim. The King bimfeife is a man of great 
un Peeves, and bath an humped wines, his lonne bath liltie. The cuftome of the tountrey is, that 
une al ohentecuer the king doeth die, thep take the boop fo dead and burne it and ppeferue the athes of 
Fer coetr bute bun nd twit Cue Dapes next after, the wines of tbe ln hing lo dead, accopding to the cuftome 
ann bie of their counttep, euery one ol them goe together to a place appointed, and the chiele ol the 
women, Lule was neereſt vnto hin in actommpt. bath a ball in her hand. and thoweth it from her, 
a anoco the place where the ball refterh , thuher hep goe all, and turne their faces to the Catworn, 
strange oy and tuerp i.e with a im their hand, (Which dagger iber tall a Crile, and is as (harpe as a 
der. ralo) Rab id emſelues to the heart, and with thetr hands all co bee · bath te mſe lues in their owne 
blood, aun filling grour ling on their faces fo enve theit vapes. his hing is as true as it {eee 

meth to any bearer to be rang, 
She men el themſeluts be verp politique and fubtile and lingulariy valiant being nakto men, 
m amp action they vuvertake, and wonderiully at tommondement and feare of their king. Sop ers 
amples il iheit king command them to vndertake any erploit, be it neuer ſo dangerous ox deſpe · 
rate, they Dare not uo; will not refule it. thyugh tbey die tuerp man in the crecuticn ofthe forme, 
40 bee will cut off che heads of tuery one of idem which rtturne aliue without bringing of their 
purpoſc tu pale which is luch atbing among chem, as it maketh eben che malt valiant people ia 


» 
Alter chep hav thus beltribed the Mate of the pland, and the opders and facions of the pecple; 
heronio  cheptolve vs farther, chat if their king Don Aeon weet conse tte e SR ware 
les, and E 


ples ofthe 
tripe tat ta Philippinas, and that bee might be alſured to haue all he Indians on his five that art in the cone 
2 trep, Alter we had kully tontented chele Poptugals and che people of laua which bꝛought v vic · 
tuala in their Canons, thep tooke theit leaues of vs with promife of all good Se 
dur returnes, and our General geue them od — pieces of Oꝛotnante at their departing, 
222 EChus the utri bay being the 16, ol Merch we let alle te words the Cape of good hope called bp 
the Wortugils Cabo de buena Efperances on the Southermett coatt of Africa. 

Che retof Marth and all che monethof April pede gp 1 mightie and bate 
Wes, berweenc the ple of laus and the maine of Africa, obferuing the cauenw, the Crofic: cg 
Mouth-pole, che other artet. ihe Tous winy ave aackee pare eye Des men of faire wenther. 
. — im Flums, the winds the tempetts, the raines e thunder, wich 
the alterations and currents. | 

She 10, dap of May we hava dome at the Mel, and it bie w fo hard that it was an much a 
che Chip could irre bp unex te wknd: am he ope concinncn al iber dar a achat ma 


M. Thomas Candiſb. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 

Che next day being the 1 1. ol May in che moꝛning one ol the company went into the top. and 
eſpied land beating Noth and Rozth and by CClet off vs, g about noone wee efpied land to beare 
Met off vs, which as we did imagine was the caye of Buena E Aperanę a, wt rot indted we were 
Short ſome 40,0) 30. leagues: and bpreafon of the ſ kantneſſe of the wunde we Lood along to the 
Houtheaſt vntill midnigbt; at which time the winde came faire, and we halt d along CAlc ward. 

Che 12. and 13. dayes we were becalmed, and ihe Thy was very haste and thicke vntil tbe 14. 
day at three of the clocke in the afternoone,at which time the Chp cleared, at d we efpied the land a · 
gaine which was the cape called Cabo Falfo, which is {hope of the Cape de buena Eſperanga 40 Cabo Falfo, 
0} 50 leagues, Chis Cape is very calle to be knowen, Fo} there are right ouer it chace very bigh 
hilies landing but a fmal way one off another. and the hie ſt Mandethin the mio de dd, and the ground 
A we “ny the lealide. The Cape of Good hope beartih Wek and dp Mouth from the 
fav C alſo. 

Che 16. dayol May about 4. ok tbe clocke in the alternoone the winde tame bp at Catt a very 
title gale, which beide vntill it was Saturday with as much winde as euer ihe ſhim tould goe be 
fore: at wbichtime bp fire of the clocke in the mozning wee efpied the promoncozie a best land, 
callen the Cape de Buena Eſperanga, which is a te aſonable hie land, & at the IUeſiermoſt point zem 
alitle off the maine do ſht wt wo banmmocks,the one vpon the other, and thzee other hammockhe ly g ve 
ing further off into the lea, yet low land betweene and adiopning unto the fea, vena 

This cape of Buena Efperanca is {et Down and accompted fo} two thouſand leagues from the Sap rh 
plandof Iaua in the Poztugall fea tarts: but it is not fo much almol bp an hundzed and fiftic Bow 
leagues, as we found by the running ol our (hip. Tie were in running of thele eighteene hund zer eles 1850, 
imd fiftie leagues iuſt nine weekes. June 1588, 

Che eighth vay of June by bꝛeake of day we fet a ſigbt of the yland ol S.Helena,feuenog eight 
Teagues (hope of it, bauing but a lmall gale of winde, o; almolt none at all:infomuch as we could not 
get vuto it that day, but food off and on all that night, 

Che next day being the 9. ol June hauing a pꝛetie eaſie gale of wind we food in wih the (hope, They anger at 
our boat being (ent away before to make the barborough; and about one ol the clocke in the afters Hur inen. ot 
noone we came vnto an ancke r in 12. fathoms water two oꝛ thꝛte cables length from the ſhoze, in a June. 
very faire and ſmooth bay ider the Noth welt five of ihe plano, 

This yland is verp hict land, and lieth in the maine lea ſonding as it were in the middeſt of the 
fea betweene the maine lan of Africa, and the maine of Braſilia andthe coaſt of Guinea: And is in 
15. degrees and 48. minuts to the Bouth ward ok the Equinoctiall line, and is diſtant from the ue e 8e 
Cape of Buena Efperanca betweene 5. and 6. bundzech leagues, 15 Degrees 48 

Che Came vay about two o7 three of the locke in the afternoone wee went on More, where wee jones A 
founda marueilous faire ¢ pleaſant valley, wherein divers handſome buildings and houles were 
fet vp, and eſpetially one which was a Church. which was tyle d ¢ whicen on the outſide very faire, 
and made with a porch, and within the Church at the vpper end was fet an altar, wh reon oop a 
very large table det in a frame hauing in it the picture of our Dauiour C ux 1s r vpon the Crofle 
and the image of our Lady praping, with diuers other hiſtozies curioufly painted in the fame, The 
fives of the Church were all hanged with tained clothes hauing many deuiſes dꝛawen in them. 

There are two houles adioyning to the Church, on each five one, which ſerue for kit chins to 
pelle meate in, with neceflary roomes and houſes of office: the coucrings of the ſaide houſes are 
made flat, whereon is plante d a very faire vine, and through both the lalde houles runneth a very 
good and holſome ſtreame of freſb water. 

Chere is allo right ouer againſi the ſaide Church a faire cauſey made vp with Tones reaching 
vnto a valley by the fealive,in which valley is planted a garden, wherein grow great Rove ol pome 
pions and melons: And vpon the ſaide tauſey is a frame erected whereon hange two bells where · 
with they ring to Male; and hard vnto it is a Crofle (et vp, which is (quared, framed and made ve 
rp attifically of free ſtone, whereon is carued in cyyhers what time it was build ev, which was in 
the peere of our Lod 1571. 

Chis valley is the falreſt and largeſt lowe plot in all the pland, and it is marueilous ſwe ete and 
pleafanc, and planted in euery place either with krulte trees, op wach herbes. There are ligtrees, 
which beare fruit continually. t marueilous plentifullp:foz on euerp tree pou thal haue blolſoms, 

Seer ne Bigs andripe fis, alf at cues: and itis fo all the frre tong: the kealen is that the plant fan- ets great 
dethfoneere the Sunne. There be allo great h + of ipmon trees, opange trees, pomegranate Mort of biuers 
trees, pometitron trees, date trees, which bears fi. ite an the fig trees do, and are planted carcEullp in .ttelena, 
and very artificially with very pleafant walkes under and betwerne them, and the ſalbde walkes 
bee ouerſhadowed with che leaues ol the trees: and in euery vopde place is planted a 
oe 


Zr 2 


‘84, _TheEnglil Voyages, Nauigations, , Lu Cin 


forell, patil, fenell, annis (eve, muttare de, radithes, and manp fpectall good hear bes : and 
We freth wacer brooke runneth through divers ploces of this opebard, and map with very Gnatt 
paines be made to water any one trve inthe valley, 

This fret mater ſtreame commeth krom che cops of the moun ta and falleth from the le 
into the vallep the height ofa cable, and hath ——— out ol le, Which refreth the whole piano, 
and almoſt euery tree in it. T yland is altogether high mountaines and ſterpe valleis, except it 
be in the tops of (ome hilles, ano vo wne below in Come of the valleis, where marueilous lose of 
all thele kinos of fruit: sefore pokenof vo grow : there ts greater ope growing in the tops of 
the moumtaines chen below in the valleis: but it is wonderfull labourſome and alfo Dangerous 
traueiling vp vnto them and downe ag aine, by reaſon of the height and fteepeneiie of the billes, 


Mbundance of There is alſo vpon this pland great pe of partridg es, which ace verp kame, not making any 


rtridge ain 
5 — 


Great f 
. 
urhics in 


Arrat quan⸗ 
Cate. 


Exctr 
— — et 
goats, 


2 of 


Mur departure 
from 8. Helena. 


July 1588. 


great batt to flie away though one come very neere them, but onelp to runne ap, and et vp into 
he ſlerpe cliffes: we killed fome ol them with a fo wil g piece, They differ red from our 
partrioges which are in England both in bignetle and alto in colour. Top (hep be within a little as 
dige as an nne, and are of an athe colour, and line in coules twelue, ſixteene. and twentie toges 
ther pou cannot go ten 0p twelue {cope but pou {all fee op (pring ont oz two coules at theleatt, 

There are like wiſe no ſeſſe ope of feſants in the pland, which are allo maruetlous bigge and 
fat, ſurpalling tbole which are in our tountrey in bigneffe and in numbers of a company. They 
differ not very much in colour from the partridges beſoze ſpoken of. 

Mee found mozeouer in this place great fore of Guinie cocks, which we call Curkies,of ro: 
four blacke and white, with red heads: they are much about the fame bignelle which ours be ol in 
England: their egges be white, d as bigge asa Turkies egge. 

Chere are in this pland thoufands of goates, which the Spantards call Cabritos, w) 


very wilde: pou ſball lee one op two hundzed of them together, aud ſometimes pou may be 


them going tn a locke almott a nule long. Dome ol them, (whether it be the nature of the by: 
them, oz of the cauntry J wot not ave as big as an alle, witha maine like an hoꝛle and a bead 
ging Downe to the very ground: they wil clime vp the clilles which are (o ſteeye that a man would 
thinke it a thing vnpollible for anp liuing thing to goe there. e tooke and killed manpof them 
foz all their ſwiltnes: for there be thouſands of them vpon the mountaines, 

Here are in like maner great ſtoꝛe ol ſwine which be very wilde and very fat, and of a maruct: 
lous bignes: they ke epe altogether vpon the mountaines, anv will very leldome abide any man to 
Comte neere them . orcept it be by meere chance when they be found allerpe, oꝛ otherwile accopding 
to the ir kinde, be taken laped in the mire, 

Tie found in the houſes at our comming 3 {lanes which were Negros, one which was boyne 
in the land of Iaua, which tolde vs that the Eaſl Indian fleete, which were in number 5. lailes the 
leaf wereok were in burthen 8. 02 900, tunnes, all laden with (pices and Calicut cloth, with 
fore of ceaſure and very rich Cones and pearles, were gone from the lalde v and of S. Helena but 
20, dapes before we came thither. 

This vland hath bene found of long time by the Portugals, and hath bene altogether planted by 
them, fo) their refrething as they tome from the Eaſt Indies. And when they come they haue all 
things plentiful koꝛ their reliefe, by reaſon that they ſuffer none to inhabit there that might {penn 
vp the fruit of the plano, except ſome very few ſicke perſons in their campanp, which they ſtand in 
doubt will not live vntill they come home, whom they leaue there torefreth themlelues, and take 
atoay the peere following with the other Fleece ik they line ſo long. They touch here rather in 
their comming home from the Eaſt Indies, then at their going thither, becaule they ate thꝛougb⸗ 
lx kurniſbed with come when they fet out of Portugal,but are but meanely victualed at their come 
ming from the Indies, where there groweth little cone, : 

The 20. dapol June hauing taken in wood ¢ water ann refreſhed our lelues with ſuch things 
a3 we found there, and made cleane our (hip,we {et {aie about 8. of the clocke in the night toward 
England. At our ſetting ſalle wee ban the winde at Wouthe alt, and we hale away Noz th welt 
and by Melt. Che winde is commonly off the (hore at this pland of S. Helena. 

On wednelday being the thirde dap of Auly we went away Noꝛthweſt the winde being till at 
. 3 at whichtine we were in 1. degree and 48. minuts to the Soutl ward of the Equi- 
n 1 A 

The twelkth day of the ſaid moneth of July it was very little winde, and toward night it das 
calme and blem no winde at all, and fo continued vntil it was munday being the 15. dap of July. 

On CWeodnefoap the 17. day of the abouſaid moneth wee had the winde cant at Met north 
welt, Mee found ihe wind continually to blom at Cat, and Nozthealt, and emen 


aces, th 
1 place 


our 
na little as 
tie toge · 
theleatt, 

bigge and 
ny. They 


kies, of co: 
rs be ol in 


wh 

ay be 

he by: 
bead 
han would 
npokthem 


a maruei· 
mp man to 


accopding 


was bozne 
Latles,the 
loth, with 
lelena but 


lanted by 
pp haue all 
gbt ſpend 
ry Mand in 
, and take 
rather in 
throughs 
heir coms 


ch things 
ht toward 


AA. Thomas Fuller. Fiques & Dilcoueries. 


we were ia 3.05 4. degrees to the /opehward; and it altered not vntill we came betweene 3. and 
40. degrees to the Noth ward of the Ee noctial Line. 0 

On Mlenneloay the 21. day of Auguit che wind came bp at Bouth welt a faire gale: by which 
day at noone we were in 3 8. degrees — — 

On frivap in the moꝛning being the 23. day ol foure of the clocke we baled Call, and 
Catt anv by South lo the Mopthermoft planos of the Acores. = 

On Saturday the 24. day of che lato monech by Aist tlockt futbe moping torte in abe of 
the two plands of Flores and Coruo ſlanding in 3.9, Degrees and . and 


825 


ailed away jNopthe ene 
Che third of September we met witha Flemih halle which came from bie, 2 r 


vnto vs the ouerthowing of the Spanich Fleete, to ihe Anguler rolopting and comfoye of vs alt, 5 Ae. 


Che g. ol September, after a terrible tempeſt which carien away mow part of our failes, by 
the mercifullfauour of the Almightie we recoue red our long wiched port of Plimmouth in Eng- 
land, from whence we fet loozth at the beginning of our vopag e. 


CERTEINE RARE AND SPECIAL NOTES 


moſt proper belonging to the voyage of M. I n Can next 
before deferibed; concerning the heights, ſoundings, lyings of lands, diſfances of 
places, the variation of the Compafle, the iult length of time ſpent in ſayling betweene diuers 
places, and their abode in them, as alſo the places of their harbour and anckering, and 
she depths of the fame ; with the obſerus tion of the windes on ſeuerall coaftes : 
Written by AA. Thomas Fuller of Ipfwich,who was Matter in The de/ire 
char of M. Thomas Candifh in his foreſaid proſperous tc 
voyage about the world, N 


Anote ofthe heights of certaine places on the coaft of Barbarie, 
; ay Nprimis Cape Cantin ſtandeth in the latitude oak 3a. degr. 4. min. 


= AS ) Item the pland of Mogador ſtandeth in 3 1.degt, 30. min. 
Nv aed Item Cape d sro ſtandeth in 30. degr. 20. miu. 
Nie Stem che plans of the Canaries about 28. degr. 
15 7 ten Cape Boj der landtthin 27. neg. 30. min. 
ee Jeem Cape Verte ſtandeth in 14. degr. 30. min. 
T temcbe Cape ol Sierra Lions in 8. degr. 
Atem an pland called Ilha Verde in 7. degr. 30. min. 
Anote of the heights of certaine places ſrom the coaſt of Bra/il 
5 tothe South fea, 
Te Frio ſlandeth in the latitude of 23. degr. 30. min. 
1 Item the ylandol S. Sebaſtian in 24. degr. 
tem Port defire ſtandeth in 4. degr. 50. min. 
tem sents ty ae 48, degr. 20. min. 
Item Port S. Iulian ſtandeth in Jo. degr. 
Item The white river ſtandethin so.degr, 30. min. 
Item Cape loy Kanveth in 8 52. degr. 40. min. 
Item Port famine within the Straights of Magellan ſlandeth in 5 z. degr. 50. min. 
Item Cape froward within the Straights ol Magellan ſtandeth in 54. degr. 15. min. 
Item Cape deſite in the entring into the South tea tenet) in 53. degr. 10. min. 


Anote ofthe heights of certaine places on the coaſt of chili and 


Pers in the South fea. aie 
[Nrvimisehe plan of Mocha tanner in he laicune of 28. degr. 30. nun. 
Seem the pland ok S. Mary in 37begr. 15. min. 
Sein the bay of *Valpares in 33. degr. 40. min. 
Item the bap of Quintero in 33. eg. 20. min. 
Atem Coquimbo in 29. degr. 30. min. 
Stem Morro moreno in 23. degr. 20. min, 
Atem Arica ſtandeth in 8. degr. 39. min. 
Item the bay of Piſca ſtandethin ö 13. degr. 30. min. 


Atem the bap ol Lima ſtamdeth in 11 degr. 50. rin. 
* i ‘ Atem 


Wafema 


MICROCOPY RESOLUTION TEST CHART 
(ANSI and ISO TEST CHART No. 2) 


id 
* 


1 
eg 
, §3s 


nN 
NO 


tee 
8 J. 


FE 


gE 
＋ 
Er 


5 122 
b 15 


l Ws 


APPLIED IMAGE Inc 


1653 East Main Street 

Rochester, New York 14609 08A 
(716) 482 - 0300 - Phone 

(716) 288 - 5989 ~ Fax 


“$26. TheEnglith Voyages, Nauigations, A. bo. Fuller, 


Atem Santos ſtandeth in 9. degr. 20. min. 
Item the bap ol Cherrepe in a 6, degr. 30. min, 
Atemthe bayol Paita, in ö 5 degr. 4. min. 
Item the pland of Puna, in SA a degr. 50. min. 
Atem Cape Sant Franco tothe Noch of the Equinoctiall, in 1. degr. 


A note of the height of certaine places to the Northwards ofthe 
Equinottiall line, on the coaſt of New Spainc. 
[Nevimis Panama tanveth in the latitude of g.degrees, 

Atem the pland called lila de Canoas, in 9. degr. 10. min. 

Item Cape Blanco, in ö to,Degt, 10. min. 

Atem Rio Lexo, in ö 2. degr. 40. min. 

bb Omen. Item *Aguatulco,in i 15. degr. 30. min. 
Item Acapulco, in 17. degr. 20. min. 


Jane he Ppa ot 
tem Cape de los Cortientes in 
Item che bay ol Nallſeod inn 
wbascresMarion, Atem the of che “Maries, in 

Item the pland of Saint Andre w, in 

Item the plands ol Ciametlan, in 

Atem, that the Cape of Santa Clara on the point of California is iu 


A note of the heights of certaine places beginning from the ylands 
ofthe Ladrones and paſſing by the Philippinas, the Maalucos, lana miner, 
[ana maior the Cape of Bona Speranga, and the yle of Santa Helms. 
Fe of the plands of the Ladrones talled Guana ſtandeth in 13 degr, 50, min. 
Atem bac og Se pt of Lugon ſtandethin 
Atem the pland of Ca pul in i ek 
: Item that the planv of: Seboyon ftanbeth in 
ion Panama, Atem that the Catterlpend ofthe plano of * Pannay is in 1 degr. 
2 the opening betweene the South head of ee of Ila vel 
Ne i io. hegr, 10. 
Item thacebe Honch hend ol Ifla de los Negtos is in degr 
Atem that the Noꝛth· head of the pland Mindanao is in 
Item the Aouth-hean gt Mindanao talled Cape Cannel is in 
Atem the Cape of Batochina is in 
Gothe South: Item that 12. ſmall planos ſtand in 
kn Item the Latituve of two other planns is in 
Atem the Meſterly head of laua minor is toward the South in 
Item the Catterlp head ol laua maior is toward the South in 
tem Ce Falfoonthe poocnntarpof After Canbet 
em alſo on 2 ca, and: 
Atem the Cape ol Bona sp ranca@tanbeth in 
Item the pland of Santa Helena ſlandeih in 
Item the Cape ol S. Auguſtine ſtandeth Southward in 8. degr. 


Soundings on the coaſt of Barbarie from Rio del Oro vnto 
Cape Blanco. ; 

N primis about 3. le olf Rio del O u (hall haue very faire houtving, 
; fine white peg ey — fo along 4 ite . tion 02 thꝛee 
srieen ieegued off the woze pou tall baue 1 f. and 20. hen. Andinben pet coms 
weben one league of the Cape pon (hall haue twelue op chirteene fathous, 
meee browne ſand, verp faire Goulding. And ik pou will hall in wich Cape Blanco, 
bie beware pou come not within leuen oz eight fachomns of the Cape: loz there ly 


Cape. a 
ene off the Cape lpeth along fhouto uert hund Muth en eno be 
f Cae SZ obcundings 


diſtant 


Iter 


M. Thomas Fuller. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


Soundings on the coaſt of Gainy, 


Tem, Going vnto Sierra Leona, hauing the cape Caſtnoztheaſt off pou,7 lea nes off, vou (hall 

baue 22 favome bꝛomne ſand. And balling in you Mall finde ver Faire ſhoalding. Deu may 
be bold to boztom onthe Bouthermoſt Chore + but take been of a rocke that liech in she faire wap 
a goon birth off the Hoje, but there is ns feate of it: fop it lieth aboue the water, ar is diſtand two 
miles off the South hore, 

Item, Nou map be bolde to boꝛrom har bp the rocke; foz on the Noꝛth lve going in there li. 
eth one long land which runneth Dou:heaſt and Rozthmeſt, and lieth diſtant from the South 
fhove 2 leagues. And pou fhalianker in 14 02 15 fadome hard by the fhore. 

Allo going vnto the iland called Ilha Verde, the which iland lech 10 leagues to the Mnuth· 
ward of Sierra Leona, the courlſe is Southſouthweſt, and Morthnorheat : and vou ſhall haue 
betweene them 9 02 10 fadome. And if pou will anker at the ſayd ums, poutalljaue 3056 la 
dome hard by the ſhoꝛe. 

: i een cate ole great current tbat eter along he walt ot Gui ‘ 
he Callward, ; 

Tem, And it pou be bound onts she Southwards, pou mutt go Wieftfouthiett aan of 
1 ſhoald that is called Madera Bomba, the which ſhoald is tu the Southwardz ot che iland. 


Soundings on the coaſt of Bra/il. uF ye 


[nae the 3Rogthinards of Cape Frio,the cape bearing ſurhmet off you, about 170338 
leagues off, pou (hall haue 45 fadoms freamp ground: and running South welk,pou fall find 
32 fadoms blacke(ann,s and then cunning Tettouchiwett into a veepe bay, wbichlierh tenne 
leagues to the Ropthtwards of the cape, pou {hall haue 22 ladoms oases coat depth pou thats baus 
all along @,ercept pou be farre into the bay; and then pou ſhall haue 16 7adoms all oaste. 

Pe To the Aopthwards of Cape Frio, about 6 o 7 leagues , Pout fhail hatte many fall 
illands. 

Item, To the Mozthwards cf the tape s leagues, vou ſhall haue tive ſmall illanos one mile 
diſtant the one from the other, and they are diſtant from the a And betweent 
thofe ilands and the cape pou ſhall haue very manp illands hard aboo zd 

Item, The cape bearing WMeſt of pou two leagues off, puta tee 55 fanoms OMe, Alls 
pou fhall know when pou are thot about the cape vnto the Souchinarns, ace by Lariat gle the water, 

Allo tf pou will go fo2S.Sebaftian from the tape, vou muſt go Melt 
ſouthwelt among. And the villance from che cape vnto 9 Senegal ö e 30 e aim being 
(Hetinto the bap any thing nere the ſhoze, pou ſhall haue 24 fadoms 

And halling in for S. Sebaſtian, pou (hall know it by two ieee mel which be round : ann 


thole ilands lie from the iland of 8. ‘Scbaftian next hand Eaſt and bp Souths; and me diltane the 


one fromtbe other about foure leagues, 

Allo off the Bouthermoſt endok S. Sebaſtian, there lieth one iland about Gleaguesott; which 
flann is callen the Alcatrarza, and there lie foure little ilands abont it. Alſo poumap knom it bp 
the trending of the laud onto the Souchiwards, 

Item, FE pou will go in at the Nozthermoſt end of S. Sebaſtian, pounmll take herd of a lad 
that lieth on the Noꝛztheaſt part of the iland: but you map be bolde to boꝛrom on the Hand : for the 
fannlieth off the mane fine, Alſo pou map anker on the Nozthermolt part of the Hand in tenne 
fadoins; and the maine is diſtant from pou where pou ſhall ride two le off, 

Item, It pou will come in at the Souchermok endof che ilandols. e flian your tourſe from 
the Alcatrarza is Southweſt e Noꝛtheaſt, and their diſtance is 6 leagues the one from the oꝛ her, 

Item, Unto the Southwards ok the riuer Plate, being in the latitunrok 45 vegrees and 60 
teaguesoffthe maine, pou ſhall baue ſhoalding in 6o favoms 02 65 favoms oesieCand sand then 
palling infor the hore ed vunbwef x6 teagues, you Shall pans so fru, ong, un you all 
haue faite fhoalbing all along. 

Trem, Inte latitndevf 4); you Shall fee ahout one mile in lenaeb, not naffine one leagute off 
the ſhoze, a ledge or token ground, but no banger, nn 
ingen tran tg utr yl pou ee ts eR Defire, which Rane 

et 4 kes. 
e lee N 
e diſtant ze. Allo on at 
n che Souther 


e. which are at halle loo nder water + but be bolde t 


$28 


The Engliſn Voyages, Nauigations, AA. To. Fuller. 


moſt ſhoze; fo there is no danger: and vou (hall haue no leſſe then s favoms water at alow wae 
ter, che harbozow lying Eat and Mett. Aiſd you maß know ehe harbozom by one litle iland that 
liech Bouthealt off the mouth ok the harboꝛo ww and it is diſtant 4 leagues. Furthermoꝛe you may 
knots the harboꝛow by an big rocke that dandeth on the South five; and this rockets very much 
like a wateh tower. Allo if pou be any thing in, you may anker in 5 favoms at alow water. 
Altem, At floweth there Mouth and Noth, and higbeth at ſpꝛing tives 3 kadome ard an balfe 
water; and in the offing the focn ſetteth to the Nozthward. 
nem, In the latitude of 48 degrees 50 minuts pou thal bane 44 favoms blatke ſand bout 5 
leagues off s and about 3 leagues off pou ſhall haue 25 favoms, and great ſhingle itor ex. 

Trem, in the latitude af io degrees: peu ſhall haue ſounding in 3 8 favoms sazie land. 
Rem, In the latitude ot 31 degrees 10 minuts vou ſhall haue ſoundings 4 leagues fromebe 
Shope in 44 fadoums ſmall blacke ſtones. ti 


Soundings within theentrance of the Streights, 
1 About 2 leagues from the oꝛthermoſt (ore you (hall haue 38 fadoms blacke land, and 


th, Fee 


Saocundings on thecoaft of chili in the South fea. 
LS Inthe latitude of 36 degrees vou ſhall haue ſoundings in 12 favomg, 2 miles from the 
—— deres ou tal bouefonmningsonc lx offeom eb Lan in 
dem Bia the latituve of 3 5 es, pou one league o from the land 
toad . be , 
sy Souandlings on the coalt of New Spaine in the South fea. 
Tran eee ene the Nozthok the line, vou tall haue foundings 4 leagues 
Atrom the land in 30 fadoms, bzowne ſand. 1 8 

Item, From the latitude of 14 degrees buto the latitude ok 15 degrees, pou ſh / haue faire 
Goalding 3 leagues from the land. : 


** Soundings on the coaſt of aries vnto the Eaſtward of che cape of Bacne 
Ejperanca 40 leagues, ‘ . : 
Tem, Cathe Cattwards of the tape ol Buena Eiperanęa 40 leagues, inthelaticuve ol 3a de⸗ 
grees and 10 minuts, Steagues from the land, pou (hall haue 65 fadome, and towne land. 


AA note of the lying of the land vnto the Southward of 
Tien Deſie. 


ND 7 N primis, Seales bay ſtandeth vnto the Southwarvs of Port Defire 12 leagues 
24 7 Southſouthweſt. Furthermoze, vnto the Douthwards ok Seales bap 3 leagues, yon 
be very jo land. Allo moze vnto the Bouthwards of Seales bap 7 leagues, 
PIES inthe heighth of 48 degrees gominuts, vou tall lee a rocke; leagues off the there, 
the land lying South welt and by South. ‘ 
Item, Juthe latitude of 49 degrees 1, vou ſhall (cea final flat Gland, about a league ane 
halle off the ſhoze, the land lying Scuchiwet and by South. Further moze, from the latitude ot 
49 degrees: onto the latitude of 50 vegrees, the land lieth South and by Melt, end is high land. 
Item, From the latitude of 50 degrees vnto the latitude of 30 degrees 40 minuts, e land li· 
teb Southwe and by South. Furthennoze, from the latitude of 30 degrees 40 minuts vnto 
the latituve of 5 2 degrees 17 minuts, the land lieth South and by Wick, Moꝛth and by Catt, 
Item, In the ſapd latitude ot 2 degrees 17 minuts, there goeth in an harbozt w, which is to be 
Kuolwen by a long beache thar lieth on the South dive of the harboꝛow. Mozeouer, the ſayd hare 
bozo ltanveth 12 leagues onto the Roꝛthwards ol Cape Ioy. Futthermoze, from the latitude 
Of 52 degrees 17 minuts vnto the latitude of 52 degrees go minuts (in which heigth ſtandeth 
Cape loy) the land lieth Bouthſouthe alt, anv Mortbnoxbwelt, sh : 
Item, Comming from the opthwards,you ſhall {ee before you tome to Cape Ioy, abtty long 
beach, about rde length ol s leagues, being 5 leagues ſhozt of the cape wnto the Nozthwards. Al- 
ſo vnto the Wouthwards of the tape, you thall fee another beach, about a league long, adiopning 
hard vnder the cape; about which beach is the entrance of the Atteigbts of Magellan, the Which 
s mein Gireleagues ouer,from the tape vnto the South Hore, Iping South and 


0 
Item, 


Fuller. 


ta low wa⸗ 
e iland that 
2¢ you may 
very much 
ater, 

vd an Gale 


nde bout; 
Be 


. 
8 fromebe 
fand, and 


s from the 
the land in 


4 leagues 
haue faire 


auen 


e ok za de⸗ 
de ſand. 


f 


z leagues 
agues, pon 
7 leagues, 
the there, 


Cue ano 
latitude ot 
higb land. 
ye land li⸗ 
inuts vnto 
) E aft, 
ichis to be 
t ſayd bars 
he latitude 
b ſtandeth 


werplong 
yards, Qi. 
apiopnine, 
the which 
Douth and 


Item, 


IA. Thomas Fuller. Traffiques and Difcoueries. 


— —— EFACwSAGaGkͤůxĩ“uuu 111! 
Item, From Cape Ioy, being the entrance of the Areight sf Magellan, vnto the firſt narrow Che entrance 
pallage of ie fapo ſireight; the courſe is Ties and by Noth, and Catt and by South, and are pis ot ie Ureighe. 


Rane 8 leaguss; the land being in bꝛeadth from the one lide to the other one league. 

Teens, & rom the Kf narrow onto the ſecond narrow pallage, the tourſe is Celt ¢ by South, 
and E ad and by Noꝛth; and the diſtauce is 12 leagues : and in bꝛeadth the one lide is kom the os 
ther about two leagues ouer. f 

Item, Ftomthe ſecend narrow vnto the illands that be called Elizabeth, Bartholomew, and 
Penguin il ans the diſtance is 3 league: and the courte is Southwell and Nozthealt ꝛthe ilands 
being viſtant a league and an halle the one krom the other. 

Item, F rom the capd ilands vnto Port Famine is 16 leagues: the courſe is Southfourhwerf, 
and Popeimorthea. Mezenuer, from Port Famine vntn Cape Froward, the courte is South 
and by CCreff, and Noꝛth and by Catt : and they are viſtant 8 leagues alunder, ) 

Item, From Cape Froward vnto S. leromes riuer, is 16 leagues + the courfeis Porthwek 


and Southeat, Allo fram S. leromes tiuer onto the vttermoſt land onthe South five, the which Auge . 
is called Cabo Deſeado, the courſe is Noʒthweſt ¢ ſomewhat to the Nozthward, and are viſtant : 


zo leagues, Se the whole length of the ſtreight ol Magellan is 105 leagues, - 
A note of the lying of the lands in the South fea. 


IX primis, There Nand in the latitude of 52 degrees and sominuts, three oz foure lands, ae 
bout d leagues krom Cabo Deſeado: the coutſe is JQogthnorehwelt,and Southſouthealt. Aud 
thole ilands and in the mouth of the freight ol Magellan, at the going into the South lea. 
Item, From the latitude of 52 degrees 50 minutes, vnto the latitude of 51 degrees, the land li⸗ 
eth Mozthnoztheaſt, anv Southſouthweſt. 

Item, F tom the latitude of 30 degrees vnto the latituve of 38 degrees and 30 minuts the 
land lieth Noꝛtheali and by Noth, Southweſt and by South. i l 

Item, From the latitude of 38 degrees 30 minuts vnte thelaticuoeot 37 degrees 14 minute, 
the land lieth Nozth and South. . Fis, 
Altem, From the iland of S. Marie, being in thelaticuve of 37 degrees 14 min, vnto the heiabth 


of zs degrees 14 minuts,in which height ſtandeth Che vap of Conception, the courſe is Nozth · Spe bay tt 
Conception, 


ealt and Southweſt, and the diſtance 12 leagues. 

Item, From the latitude of 36 degrees 40 minuts vnto the latitude of 3 5 degrees 20 minuts; 
the land lieth oꝛthe alt and by Moꝛth, Southweſt and by South. 

Item, Fromthe latitude of 35 degrees 20 minuts vnto the latitude of 3 3 vegrees 30 minut, 
che land iieth Mozthnoꝛtheaſt, and Southlouthwelt. 

Item, In the latitude of 34 degrees pou ſhall {ee about fue miles off from the ſhoze a banke of 
land, on the which pou ſhall haue but ſhoald water. a : 


Item, From the latitude of 33 degrees 20 minues vnto the latitude of 29 degrees 20 minuts, 32 deg. 20 m. 
n w 


the land lieth Nozthnoztheaſt, and Southlouth wet. 


Item, From the latitude of 29 degrees 20 minuts vnto the latitude of 27 degrees 40 minuts, 8 
27 deg. a9 


che land lleth Morthnorthealt, nd Southlouthweſt. 
Item, In the latitude of 29 degrees 20 minuts, there lie two ilands diſtant 4 leagues alunder, y 
and about one league from the maine. a „ * 
Item, Fro: the latitude of 27 degrees 40 miuuts vnto the latitude of 23 degrees 30 minueg, 
the land lieth opel) and by Eaſt, Bouthand by Wiett, 


Item, Fromthe latituve of 25 degrees unto the latitude of 23 degrees and zo minute, the land 25 Eur 


is very high. 


Item, From the laritude of 23 degrees vnto the latitude of 22 degrees, che land lieth Nozth⸗ e 


noztheaſt, and Southſouthwelt. 


Item, From the latitude of 22 degrees onto the latituve of 18 vegrees and zo mintits, the 18 ug some 
Tandlizth Nozth and by Catt, South and by Melt. 8 b. Mae 
eta, Atom the latitude of 18 degrees 30 minutz, vnto the latitude of 18 degrees, the land lis stb rler 


eth opty weit and by Melt, Sourbeatt and by Catt, 
Item, From the latitune ot 18 degrees onto the latitudeok 13 degrees 3 o minnts, the anv lie 23 
eth Rolchweſt and Spcucheakk : in which heigtb there lie two 03 chyee ilands, which ilands lie off pets 
aplace where are two townes called Paraca, and Pifce. ise 3.3 
tenn, Fromehe latitude of x 3 degrees 30 minuts, buto the latitude of xx begtees 30 minute, 
the land lieth Nozthnozchwet, and Douthlouthealt. i at 
Wi tem, 


830 
1¹ deg. 50. uu. 
: wich 

ght mand 
the lands of 
ry res 
5 Jil which 
Height fand · 
th Paica, 


2. deg · So min. 

In which 
Height ſtand⸗ 
eth the iland 
ofP « 


1 2 7 

League 25, 
Leagues 12. 
Atagues So. 


Leagues 7. 


Leagues 72. 
Leagues 53. 

Leagues 70. 
. 


eagnes 120. 


Leagues 35. 


Leagues 90. 
Teagues 45. 


Leagues 25- 
Leagues 25, 


Leagues in 
all axe 7 5. 


Item, From the latitude of 11 degrees 50 minuts, vnto ihe latitude of s vegrres, the laun 
liech orth and by Melt, South and by Catt, Alſo por (hall lee two ilands, which be called The 
Nands ok Lobos, that and inthe latitude of 6 degrees. a 

Item, From thelatitude of 6 degrees, vnto the latitude of 5 degrees, the land lieth Nozthwel 
and by lett, Southeaſt and by Caf, 

Item, From the latitude of 5 degrees vnto the latitude of 4 vegrees, the land liech Mozthwel 
and Southeaſt: in which height ot 4 degrees ſtandeth Cape Blanco. 

lem, From the latitude of degrees vnto the latitude of 2 degrees 50 minuts (in which lati· 
tude of 2 degrees 50 minuts ſlandeth the ilandol Puna) the tourſe is Noztheaſt and Southwert, 


A note of the diſtance betweene certeine places on the coaſts of 
Chili and Peru. 


2.29% 4 N primis, Fromthe fland of Mocha vnto the ſland ok S. Mary, the tourſe is Nozth 
and South, and the diſtance is 25 leagues, 
Item, From the iland of S,Mary vnto the bay of Conception, the courſe is Porth 
eaſt and Southweſt, and the diſtance is 12 leagues. : 

Item, F rom the bay ot Conception vnto the port of Valparifo , the courte is Mozthnozthe 
and Southſouthweſt, and the diſtance is do leagues, 

Item, fromthe pozt of Valpatiſo vnto the bay of Quintero, the courſe is Moꝛtheaſt and by 
Nozth, and Southwest and South, and the diſtance is 7 leagues. In which bay ol Quintero 
there lieth one ſmall iland. 

Item, From the bay of Quintero vnto the bap of Coquimbo, the courfe is Nozthnozthealt, 
and Southlouthwelk, and the diſtance is 7 leagues: in which height ſtandt wo lands, 


I. em, From the bey ot Coquimbo vnto the bap of Copiapo, the courſe is Noꝛthnoꝛtheaſt anv 


Southlouthwelt, and the pittance is 55 leagues : in which height ſtandethone iland. 

Item, From the bap of Copiapo vnto the bay of Morro moreno, the courte is Moꝛthnozth⸗ 
kalt and South fouthwelt, and the diſlance is 7o leagues. 

Item, Ftom the bay of Morro moreno, vnto the bapof Arica, the courſe is Mozth c bp Caf, 
South ¢ by Cet, and the diſlance is go leagues: in which bay of Arica ſtandeth one ſmall iland. 


> .. Item, From the bay of Arica vnto the bapo: Parraca, the tourſe is orth welt and Southeaſt, 


and the diſtance is 120 leagues: in which bay of Parraca ſtand thꝛee oʒ foure ilands. 


Item, From the bay of Parraca vnto the bay of Lima, the courſe is Noꝛthwelt and by Roꝛth, 


Southe alt and by South, and the diſtance is 35 leagues sin the bay of Lima is one iland. 

Item, Fromthe bay of Lima vnto the bay of Cherrepe, the courſe is Nozih e by Melt, South 
and by Eaſt, and the diſtance is goleagues, 

Item, From the bap of Cherrepe vnto the bay of Vaita it is 45 leagues, the courſe is 2c leaga 
Tleſknoꝛthweſt vnto two ilands that be called The ilands of Lobos , and from thence vnto the 
bay of Paita it is 25 leagues, the courſe is Noth and by Calk, 

ltem, From Paita vnto Cape Blanco, the courſe is JRopth and by Cell, South and by Cat, 
and the diſtance is 25 leagues. 

Item, rom Cape Blanco vnto the iland of Puna the caurſe is Eaſtnoꝛtheaſt and Meſtſouth · 
welt, and the diſtance is 25 leagues: and pou ſhall (ee one iland that is called Santa Clara, which 
ikanveth 10 leagues to the Southward of Puna. 


. Anote ofcerteine places vnto the Northwards of the Line. 
15 primis, F rom Cape Blanco vnto Cape S. Laurence, the courte is Nozth ¢ by Catt, South 


and by IAleſt, and the diſtance 60 leagues, 
Item, F rom Cape . Lorengo vnto Cape S. Franciſco, the tourſe is Noꝛth ¢ by Catt, South 


and by Het, and the pittance is 40 leagues. 


Item, Ftom Cape S. Franciſco vnto the tape that is called Cape Blanco, which cape is on the 


‘i coaſt of New Spaine, the tourſe is Moꝛthnoꝛcheaſt and Southſouthwelt, and the viftance is 160 


leagues 2 and pou fhatt haue a great current that letteth out of the bay ol Panama; and Ge {spe 


fturrent ſettech South out. . 


Item, From Cape Blanco onto the Port de Veles , the courſe is NRoꝛtheaſt and Southwell, 


end the pittance 8 leagues, 


Item, From the Port de Veles vnto the pozt of S. John, tye courte is Noꝛthwelt and Routh 


ealt, and the bifance is 17 leagues, Len: 


Item, 
Philippir 
lem, 


— 


ler. A. Tboma. Fuller. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


the land Item, From the poꝛt of S. Iohn unto Rio Lexo, the tourſe is Roptpwwed, and Mouthealk, anv 
leo Che the diſtance is Jo leagues, bangs GGT eons . Leagues 
Item, From Rio Lexo vnts the gulſe ol Fonſecco, the courleis MMeſinozth well, and att: 
Item, An the mouth of Rio Leo there lieth one Mand, add pou mut goe in on the Moyth wett 
ontbtoett Wa nnen mid pou mut goe from 
ou p 417 . 1 ; ' 5 2 
. Item, Cat in the gulfe ol Fonſec to pon Kall haus lying ten ilanos, whereof iber be people 
nat with Andlans, whereon pou map haut water, wood, and fale, | «ah 
. ; Item, Dn the Let Aide of the gulle bf Fonfecco thete in one towns of Indians, whith is callen 
ats of J Mapal in which towne there is great ope of beeuen. : 
0 lem From the riger L. exo unte the bar ol Sonſbnate, the courfeis Cal aud Met, mm the 
diſtante is Soleagues, . a e e SETH 4 League 
g Nofth Item, ¶ tum che bay of Sonfonate Hato the port of Aguatulco, the tturſt is Noꝛthweſt and 
en ene e e e eh bages, Bhemch nee 
F tem, From g oppeleto vnto the port tulco it is 2 f Leagues 2 
10 r eames eons uf ehecoutte ght ham 
x lem, From the port of Aguatulco butt ngeles, the courſe is Cal and 
80 ere ig f leo but tal fA aleo ſhe courte is Otter a 
tem, From the pozt of Aguatulco vnto the port of Acapulco,the tourſe ¢ 
1 Eaſt and by South, and tht dillante is 78 league. f : 
Item. From the port of Acapulco nto the port ofS, lego, the courte is Tet and by Meyth, 
O2theatt, Eaſt and by South, and the niMance is do leagues. Leagues 80 
N Item, From the post ol S. lago unto the post of Natiuidad, the tourſe is Eaſt and MMeſt, aun 
peatt and the diltance is 7 leagues. 98 „ Btaguesy 
Item, From the pore of Natividad vnto pope of the lands of Chiametla, the courfeis Cat 
thnozth⸗ aud Mett, aid the diſtance is 1c league 8. if 
Item. From the lens of Chiametla vate Cape de los Corrientes, the tourſe is owebhwelk 
bp Gat and by Mett, Sourheatt anv by Eat, and the vittance is z oleagues. li 
sll land, Item, Frem the Cape de los Corrientes vnto the bap of Xalifco, the toutſe is Nozthnoꝛth⸗ 
vutheatt kalt, and Douchfouchiwert,anv the dillante is 18 leagues, 5 Aeagues 
> Kem, From the bay of Xalifco vnto the popt of Chiametlan, the coutle is Nozthnoztheaſt 
„ Prove and Dourhfouth werk, and the dittance is 30 caques, : ; L= 
* Item, From the Cape de los Cortientes vnto the lands tallid Las tres Matlas. the cout ſa is 
’ South Hozthweſt and Doutheatt, and ehe diſtante is 20 leagues, a 120% 
, Item, From the Cape de los Cortientes vnto the cape of Santa Clara on the point of Cali. 
solengg fornia, the courle is (Hettnopthwet, and E aſtlouthe alt, and che diſtance is 108 liagues. 
wh A note from the coaft of Americavnto the Weltwards. _ 
by Catt, 
eftfouthe 
a, which 
„South 
South 
is on the 
e is 160 
che lers 
d South urſe 22222 an 


Kem, 


832 The Engliſh Voyages, Nauigations, M. 7 ho, Faller, 


A note of our coutſe kept from theiland Seboion vnto the Southwards. 


4 I, Fromthe iland of Seboion bnto the Cat enn of: the flann called Penney, the courſe is 
Leagues 22. J Woutheaſt aud by SDourh, Mozthweſt and by ¶Meſt, and the diſtante is a2 leagues. 
Item, That off the Cater end of the iland of Pannay there lie cetteine (malltiands, vnto the 
number of 120} moge, and pou hall haue fhoalo water among thent, 
Kem, Frum tbe Eatter end of Pannay onto abap that is called Che bay of Lego grande, on 
deaguts 18. che fame iland. che courſe is Meſtlouthweſt. and Eadna bebe the vidance is 18 leaguen. 
Item, From the bap of Lego prande onto the ane Wanne Negros, isthe 
Reagues 6. pittance of s leagues Southea and Rozthweſt. 
Item, From the bapof Lago grande wnto ther fenall lawns thet tino in che latitune of 10 
degrees, the courte is South and by Melt 12 leagues, Furthermoze, from tboſe the anne 
leogues 10. into the CMeſlermoſt end of Xſla de los Negros, the courſe is Houshwettann Hop beast 10 
en Leagues, where we were cleere ol the lands okthe Philippinas. 
„mem, From the South end ol Vila de los Negros vnto the Porth bead of the lan callen 
Seaguee 30 Mindanao, the courfets South and j2op¢h, and che diffanceis 30 leagues, 
Item, From the Moreh end of Mindanao vnto the Mouth bean of the ſayd iland, which a cal 
4 a Cape Cannal, the caule i 16 Douth and by act, Nozth and by Caf, and the bittente is 26 
es. 
tem, From the cape ot Cannal betweene che South anv the aedtonthtwet about 100 12 
keen enen foze of mall lands, about che number of 2.403 more, 
Item, from the cape of Cannal vnto the capeof Batochina,the tourſe is ourhlourbwett ano 
teas: 100. Heater the diſtance is 100 leagues and betweene them ſetteth a great current nm 
the Eaſtward. 
lem, tom the cape of Batochina vnto the ¶Meſt heanol Iaua minor, the courte is Souchwelf 
Beams 20. and by Douth, Noꝛtheaſt and bp Noꝛth, and the diſtance betweene them is 220 leagues, 
Altem, From the Ules endof laua minor vnto the Eaſt end ol laua maior, the courle is ek 
arm “1B aud by Mogth, and Call e by South, and the diſtance betwetne them is 18 leagues : in the which 
5 we courte chere lieth one iland betweene them, which iland is in length 74 leagues. 
re 5 1 ltem, From the Catt end of Iaua malorvnto the cape of Buena Eſperanęa, the courte is Welt 
Seagues 1800 m Mouth, and LMAeũſouthweſt, and che diſtante bet weene themis 1800 leagues, 
diam 300 Item N Cape Falfo ſtandeth 30 leagues to the Eaſtward of Cape de Buena Efperanca, 
Goff che ſd 7205 Falſo pou ſhal haue ſhoalding 20 leagues off in 800} go fadoms i the courfe 
L hic Cape Fa F fo ‘onto the cape of Buena Eſperanga Iieſtnoꝛthwelt and Caſtſoutheaũt. 


2 A 5 the diſtance and courſe from the cape of Buena Eſprrauca vnto the 
Northwards. 


Tem, From the cape oft 95 99 5 vnto the iland of Santa Helena, he courſei is Nozth⸗ 

Leagues G00. welt, and Nozthweſt and by Ueli, and the diſtance betweene them is oo leagues. 
Item, Fromtheiland of Santa Helena vnto the ilando Flores, the courſe betweene them is 
Ltagus 1200 on and Nozthweſt and by Nozth, and the diltance betweene them is 1200 


— Frumthe ilandol Flores vnto the ands end of England, the courte is betwerne the 
8 75 and the Noztheaſt and by ome, and the diſtance between them is foure hunden 
leagues, 


Anote of the variation of our Compaffe. 


IN primis, The variation of our tompaſle on the coat of New Spaine in dhe wou 
ſea in the latitudr of 12 degrees, was ont point tothe Eaſtwards. 
Sag Rak. -Acem,che variation of ourcompatte betweene the cape of California ano the anne 
„ LTE of the Philippinas, FFC that was, that the 
Month vin dann Moztb anv by E alt, and hole a point vntothe Eat. 
n Item, Che variation af our con betweene the llands ol Maluco and the cope ofBuena 
1 mee gen , nt th im As tv bi 
14575 e eee eee, peed 


— 
Fuller. 
rds. 

e courſe is 


5 vnto the 


rande 1 on 


bich is tal⸗ 
ence is 26 


it io; 12 
bell and 
rent ince 
Douthwelk 
es. 


le is Get 
the which 
fe is Meſt 
penn 2 
thecouste 


at, 


vnto the 


rig Noꝛth⸗ 


me them is 
1 is 1200 


wine the 


re hundzed 


M.T homas Falter. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


A note of our time {pent in failing betweene certeine places out 
of England, 1586. 


N primis, e were failing betweene England anv the coatt ol Guinea fromthe at 2 5 * 5 2. 
dap of July vnto the 26 dap of Auguſt vnta the hauen called Sierra leona, where we w 5 
watered and ſtayed vntillthe 6 day of September. — 

Item, Chee departed from the coaſt of Guinea fop the coaſt of Brafil the 10 dap of 

September, and wer hap light of the coatt of Brafil the as dapof October, being fire leagues to 

the Nonthwards of Cape Frio: and from thence wee were (ailing vnto the iland ol S. Sebaſtian n ae 

vntill the 31 and lat daß ol October, where we watered and ſet vp our pinneſſe: and we anker · ours g wenep 

ed on the Noꝛthwelt part of the lland in teune fadoms, and Raped there vntill the 23 dapof fo» u Walnd 
uember. 

wig Che 23 day of Nouember we departed from the iland ef Sant Sebaſtian, keepingour 
courte South ano by Melt unto the post that is called Port Deſire, where we arriuedthe 17 dap Mfouradods 
of December; in which poze we graue d our Hippe : and we Raped there vntill the 28 day of Dee &! ated mre, 
tember, where we ankered in; fadoms, end 

Item, Che eight and twentieth day of December wee departen krom the Pozt ol Deſie to · 
ward the Streight of Magellan, where wee arriuen the third day of Januarp: and wee remai⸗ ATI 
nedin che Streights vntill ehe foure and twentieth day of Febzuary; where we watered in ma- Dapes,upere 
pyrene neg South five, hauing the winde all that while betweene the Tet fourhwelk and we ware 

e Rothwell, 

. item, Idle Departed out ot the Streighes the 24 day of f ebzuary toward the land ol Mocha, 

which tflann we had light ok the 14 day of March. 

Item, The 14 day ok March at night we ankered in the bap of Marroccos 3 where we rode in 
ien rie of aherch tweankercoin the tland of Saint M be aRonthpartotthe fete 

tem, The t 5 dap arch we an n eilanvo aint arie, ont e Mozt pact 0 

illan in eigbe favonts water, blacke Cand, where we ſtayed fdure dayes, : a 

Item, Che 19 day of March we departed from che iflandof Saint Marie, aud dhe lane Day we 
anke red in the bay of Conception, where we ſlayed vntill the next dap: and there we rode in ten 
favoms water, ſhingle Tones, 

Item, The 20 bap of March we departtd fromthe boy ol Conception, a the chirtiech day E 
March we arrived in the bay of Quintero, where we watered: and there the firſt day ol April we of ent adobe 
pad twelue of our men flaine being on land fo water znhenpepchere lire vapes: and woe an- Sr Wash. 
keren in 7 fapoms water, white ſann. 

Item, Cle depatten from the bay of Quintero the 5 bap of Apiti, ‘uid i attuen at the bay of un bers 
Aries the 24 vapof Apꝛil. and we anke rev in 7 favoms water. 

Item, The 27 dap of Apꝛil we beparten from the bay of Aria, an ee eirobayof apap tear Star abode 
riued in the bay of Pifca, and we ankeren in 4 fadoms water in ae. 

Item, The 5 day of ay we departed from the bap ol Piſca, and thex. soap erin f 1 2 
bay of Cherrepe, where we ankered in 7 fadoms water, in white ſand⸗ 60 i 

Item, The 18 day ot᷑ May we departed from the bay ol Chemepe, un he 20 rieten f. Stour “ne 
arriued in the bay of Payta, where we ankeredin Ofaponis water. sul 

Item, The 20 day of May we departed from the bay of Paita and the 26 bay of pepe. ame 
ered at the iland of Puna, and we ankerepin 3 favoms, 

Trem, From the iland of Puna we departed toe fourth day of Fume vuto Rio dolce tema, 5 oa ie 
where we watered, and we ankered in 10 fadoms water, towne fend... dt ae 

Item, The 12 dap of June we veparteo from the place where we watered being bound forthe g Heu ebobe 


toaſt of New saree and the eee Gulp wee arrtued in the port beige aig where wee wean 


6favoms water. 
feen be epo a agil te Depicts sin bp dr uatul ulco,a hi the 26 bapa Qugutt . 
eee where wee watered, and flayed wanitt che Tecond dap of foe waterety 
angered adoms. 


b Tem. 22 2 a aceon, i i 
ati kame debe 3 


Item, l Tete ede endes niprtn tombe pit e 9 anche rea tr = 1 


ern. league bnto the Tellwards of 


wipe Salo, ere ETAT rH NN ue 
Asha 


834 TheEnglifh Voyages, Nauigations, Id. Tho. Fuller, 


of September we departen from the bay ol Xaliſco, andthe 12 Dap of Deptember we ankered 
ut the illand of S. Andrew, where we ankered in 17 fadoms water. 
Bede Item, Che 17 dap of September we departed from the illann ol S. Andre w, and the 24 day 
a — e we put into . we prion 10 8 faboms water, and the 
our 26 of September we departed bap of Chiametlan, and the 28 day wee ankered vnder 
dor Wang. the illand of Chiametlan in 4 favoms, 
@tourabode . Item, Che ꝙ dapot᷑ October wee departed from the iflands of Chiametlan, and crolling ouer 
twetue dapes, the mouth of Mar vermejo, the 14 dap of October we ban fight of the cape of California, 
me Item, Che 15 day of October we lapoff che tape o S. Lucas, andthe 4 day of Nouember we 
tooke tze great and tich thip called Santa Anna, comming from the Philippinas : and the; day 
Ot eur abode Of Naueniber we put into the port of S. Lucas, where we put all the people on ſhoe, and burnt 
n the Santa Anna: and we ankered in 12 fadoms water. N 
tered, Item, Che 19 dap of ouember we departed from the port al S. Lucas, and the 3 day of Ja · 
mary wee hav ſight of one of the iflands of the Ladrones , which illand is callen Ehe illandot 
"Guana, *Iwana, landing in the latitude of 13 degrees and 50 minuts. 
Item, Che 3 dap of January we departed from che land of Iwana, andthe 24 dap of Jauun · 
ö tie we had light of the cape ol Spirito ſanto, and the fame day wwe put into the Streights of che 
four above Philippinas: anv the 15 dap of January we ankered vnder the land ol Capul, onthe Which iland 
ninevapes. we watered and wooded. 

7 Item, The 24 of January we departed fromthe land of Capul, and the 28 bayof January we 
Speniare arriued in the bay of Lago grande, which bap is in the illand of Pannay, where there were Spa 
nen gin niards building of anew thip, ! 

Item, Che 29 of January wee veparted from the bay of Lago grande, and the Came day at 
he were cleere from the illands ol the Philippinas, thaping our tourte totarns the ilands 
alueo. 1 
Item, tom the 29 day of January vnto the firſt day of arch, we were nauigeting between 
the Wek end ok the illand of e and the Meſt envofthe ifland of laua minor. 0 
Item, Che firk dap of Marth wer pallen the Streights at the Cet head of the illand of Iaus 
minor, and the 5 vaybf arch we ankerev in a bay at the Cietter end of Iaua maior, where wet 
watered, and had great Rope of victuals fromthe towne of Polambo. 
Ar sana Ms Fey 3 4 sede me 5 5057 piv the illland bed 7 5 2 and ee 12 bay ef 
Kye capeot May we hav light of the lany 40 leagues vnto altwards of the tape of Buena Efperanc 
— land being low land. * 10 1 


zA. 
Anote from the cape of Buens E/peranca vnto the Northwards. 


emed J Tem, Che ar day of Bap wet btperted from the cape ot Buena Esperance , u tha Say of 
facucvepey, Laine we anderen da the Rozthweſt part of the and ok santa Han hate ne 8e 
mmpete wen made our abode 12 dapes. 5 . 
f lem, Che 20 dap of June at night wee depatted from the iſland ok Santa Helens, and the 4 
dap ot Jaly we paſſed vnder the Cquinoctiall line. . 
Spear e: Item, Che 20 pay of June at night wee departed from the ifland of Santa Helens, and the a5 
n he hab leg ves taping of the illands of Flores and Coruo in the latitude of 
40 0 23 3715 * 
Item, The ↄ day of September 1588 wee arriued, after a long anv terrible tempel, in the 
Narrum ſeas, in the hauen ol Plimmocth in ſafetie, by the gratious and mol mercifull pꝛotecti⸗ 
f . eetoge be renneren lance pate ea Channing Ho a 
euer. An . : } 


. A note of our ankering in thofe places where we arriued after our 
. , departure from England 1586, , 1297 
WET Me N primis , lte ankerep in the hatbozuw of Sierra leona in 0 fanonts water: und a 
Autowelt winde in chat robe is the woontt that tan blow. N 
AS aria oun ake bese an ht ica ha seie 
rater: at the Mett ist woozſt winde that can 0 
Item, Dou toa anker vnder the illand of S.Sebaftian onthe — 10 favomas 
any a TUetfourh we twinne is the mooztt winde. 8 5 : 


Trem, 


Fuller, 


— 


we ankeren 


the 24 day 
er, and the 
hered vnder 


rolling cuer 
nia, 

ember we 
nD the 5 day 
i and burnt 


3 dap of Ja· 
he illand ol 


pelt, in the 
ill pꝛotecti⸗ 
ag . and 


fer our 


ater: and a 
adoms was 
m biow. 

o fadoms: 


nem, 


M. Thomas Fuller. Tra tn 


Rai, Woumap anker in Pott Deſue in] favomg water, and a Tel and by Douch wine Fadoms 5, 

t 

5 — Doumay anker vnder Cape Toy tulthout the mouth of the Screights of Magelanin 7 — 

adoms water. 

Item, Nou may anker within the Straigbts of Magellan, vntill pou come unta the firftnars · 

rowing in 25 02 30 fadoms water, in the mid wap ol the Streights, _  SFabomeas, 
Item, Dou map anker in the (econd narrow of the Atreigbes in 16fadoms water, Tadems 16. 
Item, 1 anker vnder Penguin illand on which {lve you pleaſe in 6 0) 7 favome water. farome7 

n Iten * may anker in Port Famine in 1056 fadoms water, ud ASourhCourbean wunde Fadoms 6. 


Item, Dou map anker in Mus kle coue, which coue is onthe South five, and is 7 leagues to 
the 3 Rota of Cape Froward, aud pou fall ride in 12 fadoma. Hadoms 12, 
1 map anker in Elizabeth bap, which bay is onthe soy eo ibe rca nam 


1 Elizabeth bap outa Cabo dete bennett e 
in manx places. f 


A note ofourankering after we were entred into the South fea, 


f anker in the bapol Mocha in 7 oz 8 ladoms inater, amb berea s2oyheat FTadoms 8, 
winde is the 
Item, Dou may . onthe Noꝛth five of S. Mary iſland in nine fo bauer sorb Feros 9. 


Mozthnozchweſt winde is che woop winde. 


Item, Dou map anker in the bap of Conceprion he one Cina ann. teen hates Fedems 9. 
a JRorthnopthwelk winde is the woozſt winde in that bap, 
i H Fadonm 7. 
the woꝛſt winde. 
: Coco probe ga pat lag sem n inthat bay a crm web kunde Tadoms 6. 
woo x 
Item, ee engere bun ut if apni bra Fedoms 5, 
north weft winde is the woot, 
Py va oe : may ankertnebe bap of Cherepe in fiom, an da bentd opine Tadome 8. 
the Southeaſt it is open. 
f 5 bapot Paita u fapos tate anocprea oycnep ea Faboms 7. 
the woo} e. 
Item, Dou map . gh on the nnn: of tbe tlland ol Punaing favors nt Tadoms 4. 
Item, Nou may ankerat Rio ueber wee burg. dad une the iflanb of Tadoms 10, 
Puna in zo fadoms, Se dine eur 


* tte 
Anote of sie depths we ee ids cage ry len . vid 
Inas: rn oy ankeein the ponts Aguaraleo tn ipefanomna nate: anp pasoontifoutioet Faden 6, 
8 5 Nou map aukerin the port ofS. Tago in 6 to water sana Qkefeonth eet wine Fadoms d. 
e 


1 e e intra Gente winne Fadome 8 
e woot, 


„em, e oe ei Fadomns 9. 


ia the woo 


et ol S. An be n; 7 füphuns u t. Tem 17. 
a ee 15 ziti lan in pit + aan pee it S 4, 
woof, 


Tare 18 ee Saur 1 
ene sea eli atl Lucas fin bike i 1 ss 22. 


Abe nlite bitin ia Pig, na 
asi the douche pats oF te tila jth ara ane gam 


Nee ine 
A1. 2 ‘Tem, 


Fadoms 10 


Fadoms 16 
F mome 13 


— 


The Englith Voyages, Nauigations, A. 7 ho. Fuller. 


tem, Nou may anker all along the Mouth part of che illand ol Panna in ſhoald water, in the 
wa 1 tt Aan whieh ep 
Item, Non map an ay of Lago grande in ſeuen fadoms water, is on the 
South ive of the illand ol Panna. 
Item, Hu may anker at the Cat end of laua maior in 16 fu water, and an Ealllouth · 
eat winde is the wort, 
Item, Hou map anker on the Noꝛth part of the illand of Santa Helena in 12 fadon:s water. 


A note of our finding of the winds forthe moſt part of our 
voyage 1386. 


P 21 day of July vnto che 19 dap of Kuguſt we found the winde at 
being in the latitude of 7 degrees. 

ect spoil dug ea rhe: 49979 » wee found the 
mo part betweene the L uthwell, being in“ 24 degrees. 
Item, fon the I dap of September vnto he 30 — yf te we found the windes bee 

tweene che ogcheall and the Eaſtnoꝛtheaſt. 
Item, Ftumche 23 of Rauember, fromebe illand of S. Sebaſtian, vnto the 30 Dap of Nouem · 
ber, we found the winde betweene the Woutheaſt and the Mouthſdutheaſt, being in 36 degrees. 
1 vnto the 6 dap of December, we found the windez to be 


berwerne 


the elt ann the 
Item, F tom the 6 day of December buto the firtt vap of Zanuarp, we ound the winds lap the 
part betweene the Noch and the Noztheaſt, being then in the latitude of 52 degrees. 
Item, From the irk day of January onto the 23 Bapof February, we found the windes to be 
a wee being all that time in the MDcreights of 
agellan. 
Em liem, $f tom the 23 dap of Febyuury unto the lirſt day of March, we found the winds to be be⸗ 


dmeene the Wouth and the Bouthealt, being then in the South len in the lattiude of 48 degrees, 


9 angrenzend nip 


Item, From the firkt vay ol March vnto the 7 day of Match, we found the winde ta be at the 
sat ance nunc t. 43 degrees. 
Item, From the 7 vay of March vnta the 14 Dap of Patch, wet found the windet to be bes 


i ett engt angeben ane e 
1187. 


liem, From the 14 bay of March untothe 28 dayof day, we found the winds to be betweene 
the Mouth and the — the luritude of 3 degreexto the South of che Line. 


tags A note of the varying of our wiades to the North of the EquinoGiall line on 


the coaſt of New Spaine, 


i: From che 28 day of Pay vnto the; day of Gul, we found she mts lüp the mot pert 
to be betweene the euthſoutheaſt, and the e e welt, being in che laritude of 10 de⸗ 

grees to the Rohthward of che Line on che roa ol New 
Item, From the ¢ dap of zuly onto the 14 eet cialis windet lo; the moſt 
23 begrees Nozthward, and aloft under che 


A note of the windes which we found betweenethe coalt of New Spaine and 
Iſlands ofthe Philippinas on the coaſt of Afa, 


ey 155 the prert ot out Lovo x 587 we vepatten trum the rape of Santa Clara on the contt of Cali- 


emit io Dap of Rouember, and we laund the winds to be betweene the Caltandthe Call 
foyebeal, bntitebe 29 vap of Aanuary; Departing then from the anos of tye Philippinas, being 


inthe lattawe of 9 decrees, 
Item, From the 29 dap of Zanuary ma she 19 oa e ea 
e et ease Ne the ae che Horthwen; bein ehen among the Aland 
Maluco, in the Latitude of vegrees. 


Item, From the of Perch t , Inge she winnes on the ot 
part bet meide Sour te Eautbeat ben ( i deter tp Alb of Malco, 
anbthe cape bf Buena Elpetanca, 1 tothe Beutbokthe L, 
lm ftom the 0 bapof Sap onto the xx bap of uly, We fonrmdhe nn Bt rn pate 


d 


prafen 
throw tl 
warres, 


mol part 
e of 10 de⸗ 


n the moſt 
under che 


M. Thomas Candiſb. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 


betwecue the Mouth and the Southealt, being then betweene the cape ol Bucna Efperanga, and 
aud 15 degrees vnto the Douthward of the line. 

Item, # tom the 11 day of July vnto the 18 day of Auguſt, we found the winds fer the molt 
part betweene the Moztheaſt and Ealtno ztheaſt, being then betweene the latitude of 1 5 degrets 
tothe Douthward of the line, and 38 degrees vnto the Mog thwards ol the line. 


Aletter of M. Thomas C udiſp to the right honourable the Lord 
Hunſdun, Lord Chamberlaine, one of her Maiefties moſt honourable 
Priuy Councell, touching the ſucceſſe of his yoyage about the world, 


© 4 Fobht bonourable, as your fauour heretofore hath bene mott greatly extended to⸗ 
wards me, fo J humblp veſire acontinuance thercof : and though there be no 
meanes in me to deſerue the fame , pet the vttermoſt of my ſtruites ſhall not be 
wanting, whenſoeuer it (hail pleaſe pour hono ur co diſpoſe thereof. Nam bums 
bip to deſire pour honour to make knowen vnto her Maꝛeſty the cle I haue 
han to doe her MPatetty ſeruice in the perfomanre aſthis voyage. And as it hath 
pu aſed God to giue her the victozy ouer part of her tnemies, lo J truſ per long to ler her oucrs 
ibo them all. Foz the places of their wealth, whereby they haue mainteined and made their 
warres, are now perfectly diſcouered: and i it pleale her MPaleſty, with a very finall power the 
may take the ſpoile of them all. It hath plraled the Ajmighep ta {ufftr mee to rircoſtpalle the 
whole globe o the wopld, entring in at the Stretgbtol Magellan, anv returning by the tape de 
Buena Eſperanga. In which vopage A baue either diſaouẽred o brought certeine inte ligence 
ol al the rich places or the woꝛld that euer were knowen oꝛ diſcouered by any Chattian. J nauts 
gates alongſt che coaſt of Chili, Peru, and Nueua Efpanna, where I made grrat ſpoiles: burnt 
andlunke 19 ſalles of (hips {mall and great, All the villages and townes that euer J landed at, J 
burnt ano ſpollev: and had J not bene diſcouered vpon the coatt, I had taken great guantitie of 
treaſure. The matter of molt pꝛolit vnto me was a great hip of the kings which J toche at Ca. 
lifornia, which Hip came from the Philippinas, being one of the richeſt ol merthandize that euer 
paſſed thoſe (cas, as the kings regiſter and merchants accounts did ſhew; fozit dis amount in va⸗ 
to in Mexico to be ſolde. Wibich goods . my ſhips were not able to ronteine 
the leaſt part of them) I was inforcento ſet on fire, Fromthe cape ot California, being (ye vttet⸗ 
mot part of all Nueua Eſpanna, I nauigated to the Bands ot the Philippinas hard vpon che 
coatt of China; of which countrep A haue bꝛought ſuch intelligence as bath not bene heard oft 
thele parts. The Katelinetle and riches of which countrey J feare to make report of , leat 2 
fhoulo. not be credited: for ik J had not kno wen fufficiently the incompararte wealth of that 
countrep, I chould haue bene as incredulous thereok, as others will be that hai. not had the like 
experience. J {ailed along the Jlands ol the Malucos, where among ſome of the heathen people 
A was well intreated, where our countrey men may baue trade as freely as the Poꝛtugals, it they 
will chemſelues. From thence J palled by the cape of Buena Eſperanga, and found out bp the 
way home ward the iland of S. Helena, where the Poztugals ule to relieue themſe lues: aud from 
thatiland God hath Cuffered me to returne into England. All which leruites Lauth my (elfe J 
humbly pꝛoſirate at her Maieſties feet, deliting the mighty long to continue her reigne among 
vs: fox at this dap the is the molt famous and victorious prince that liueth in the woꝛld. g 
Thus humbly deliring pardon of our honour oz my tedioulneſſe, J leaue pour loꝛoſhip to the 
tuitionof the Almighty. Plimmouth this ninth of Seytember 1588, 8 8 


Your honours mofthumble to command, 
Tuomas: CAN DISsR. 


Certeine notes or references taken out of che large map of (hina; 
brought home by M. Thomas Candifh 1588. 2 


He great kingdome of the Mogores is vpon the Moꝛthwelt, and fallech spon 7 2 
INI nafiarin bepond Malaca, and ioyneth upon Bengala: they are men oftware, ano 

bee no fight but on hop febacke : they go in their appaxell like Poꝛtugals. N 

Om. 2 Acitp, wherein is captaine a Chinian, a man very defonned, hauing vnder 
lm many men ok warre : he maketh warrr both againũ the Cartarians and the 

Mogores ; Iping betweene them: and lieth without the circuit of the wall. 

22 4444 3 Certeine 


ee 


3 Certeine hils, beyond which the Tartarians do inhabit, who heretofore were great friends 
wich the Cbinians, and now mainteine continuall warres againſt them, ſo great, that ſometimeg 
there are llaine in a battell 00000 bf men adiopning vpon Moſcouie: and they baue in theit 
warres all kinde of armour, 

4 The pꝛouince of Canfas hath 4 great cities, and 20 ſmall cities, and 77 townes c tallles: 
it conteineth in length 55 leagues, it hath 362000 houſt s of great men that pay tribute, and 
13900 menof warre: and hath 47000 hoꝛſes, which are che kings, kept foʒ his defence. 
Gtisascove 4 Che great city of Paquin, where che king voth lie, bath belonging toit 8 great cities, and 
Flad. n 18 [mall cities, with 118 cownes and taſtles: it hath 41 8 789 houfes ot great men, which pap 


tribute it hath hoꝛſemen loꝛ the warre 258 100. This city is in the latitude of 30 degrees tothe 
Noꝛthwards, being there as colde as it is vſualliy in Flanders. 
6 The great city of Canton, wherein are many men of warre, to keepe that paſlage from 


By. 
7 Theprouince of Soychin hath 7 great cities, and 16 (mall, with 12 tomnes and taſtles, 
and one get i city, to nuhich manp doe repaire to fight againſt the Cartars: it hath 17 leagues in 
path 164118 great houſes, which pay tribute, and 96000 men of warre. f 
8 Cbe pꝛonince of Santo hath s great cities, and 14 (mall, with go townes and caſtles: it is 
8a leagues long, and harh 77555 great houſes, which pap cribute,6 3808 hoꝛſemen, and 3 1000 
kootmen ol warre. ls 
9 Che pꝛouince ot Oyman hath 7 great cities, and 13 Cmall, and oo tomnes and caſtles, be- 
ing 470 leagues long, ad 132958 great houles that pap tribute, 8 2800 men of warte. Out ot 
this city tommeth copper, quiche-ſiluer, an blacke lead. s 
scheu, 10 The pꝛouince ot Curche w hath 8 great cities, and 12 ſmall, and 83 townes, which make 
armoꝛ: to fight with the Ia wes, which do inhabit beyond Cauchinchina: it is 100 leagues boaD, 
and hath 3 2020 hozſemen and footmen, with 405670 great heuſes which pay tribute, whereof 
the men ol warre are payed. 
11 She pꝛouince oł Languyn hath 14 great cities, and 17 ſmall, and 95 townes and cattles: 
it is 1 z0leagues ouer, and hach 962818 great houles which pay tribute, it hath 208900 men 
of warre, whereokthere are 52500 Tartar hoʒſemen that teke wages. f 
12 Che prouince of V quam hath 14 great cities, and 19 ſmall, 250 townes anv caſtles, and 
is 210 leagues bꝛoad, and 53 161 houſes that pay tribute, and 71 6oo men of warte. 
13 The pꝛouince of Som hath 7 great cities, and 11 [mal, and ros townes and caſtles, and is 
200 leagues broad, and hath boules that pap tribute 139567, and men ol warre 345632. 
14 The pꝛouince of Effiran hath 11 great cities, and 75 ſmall, and 80 townes and caftles, 
and 440 leagues broad, and path great poules that dot pay tribute 1242135, and 339000 
men of warre. 
ty Thislake lieth bebinde Siam and Lefore Champa, and doth ioyne with the L appians, ann 
from thence commeth all the water that ſerueth the kingvotne of China: and the Indians & the 
ee. 1 this lake to be the whole wand, and ſo they paint the fea, the moone, and the 
init. 
16 The pꝛouinte of Canſay bath 13 cities, and a chiefe citie, and 73 tomnes and caſtles, 
one 260 leagues broad, and hath great houles that pay tribute 1393 629, and 12700 men ot 
e. 
17 Che pꝛouinte of Cuauſa hath 12 great cities, 45 (mall, and 51 townes and caſtles: it is 
260 leagues bꝛoad, and path great houles that pap tribute 13063 90, and men ol warre both foot 
men and hozlemen 100100. 
18 Che pꝛouinte of Vanam hath 14 great cities, and 36 ſmall, and 34 townes and caliles, 
and is 88 leagues bꝛoad, with 589296 great houſes that pap tribute, and 15 100 men of warte, 
19 The pꝛouince ot Fuckin hath 8 great cities, and one pꝛincipall city, an 54 townes and Cae 
Gartionsa: les, and thus great cities of gatiſon, to keepe watch vpon the Japons, and is 2ooleagues heavy, 
gain thee and bath 50095 32 great houles that pay tribute, and 4003 25 men ol the kings guard. 
20 The prouinceof Canton hath 40 great cities, and 7 ſmall, and 77 townes and caſtles, and 
& city Chat putter koꝛth hundzeos of chips fop the keeping of Cauchinchina, and is 3 S0 l 
in Leave, and hath 4833 83 great bouſes which pap tribute, and 39 400 men of warre. 
21 Che port of Cauchinchina ſtandeth in the latitude of lirteene degrees and a halle to the 


Roithward. 
ott She dien Champa fener in fonceteene Degeees co the Ruft, of the Eau 
‘ 2 N 


China. 
Feat friends 


fometimes 
aue in their 


W taſtles: 
ribute, and 
nee. 

t cities, and 
uhich pap 
grees to the 


allage from 


and caftles, 
leagues in 


allles: it is 
and 3 1000 


taſtles, be. 
re. Dut ok 


which make 
gues broad, 
e, whereof 


and caſtles: 
8900 men 


taſtles, and 


altles: it is 
t both foot 


and caſiles, 


Lof warre, 
nes and cae 


plete rhe 
te c, 
33 Che 


M Fohn Chidley, Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


23 Che pꝛonince of Enam hath 7. great eities, and 13. ſmall, and 90. townes and caſtles, and 
is dd. leagues bꝛoad, and bath 389296. great houſes that pay tribute, and 15100. ſouldiers. 
Z florſemen 454528, f J Footmen 7459057. 
The totall ſumme 7923785, 


Abtiefe relation of a voyage of The Delight a ſhip of Briftoll one of 
the conſorts of M. ohn Chidley eſquire and M.Paw/Wbeele, made vnto the 
Straiglit of Magellan: with diuers accidents that happened vnto the company, during 
their 6.weekes abode there: Begun in the yeere 1589. Written by W.Magoths, 


A De Gift of Auguſt 1 5 8 9. the wopthipfull 9, ohn Chidley of Chidley in the 


tountie of Deuon eſquire, with M. Paul Wheele and Captaine Andrew Me- 
ay ticke fet forth from Plimmouch with three tall ſbips, the one called The wilde 


vee 1 


ſpꝛings ol freſh water, which were vpon the Noꝛthweſterin part ob the land, x lighted vpon good found al Fer 
ftope of leales both old and pong. From hence we lailed toward the Streight ol Magelan, and en: Aber Aae 
tredthe fame about the fir ol Januarp. And comming to Penguin pland within the Streight we io che tres 
tooke and ſalted certaine hogſheads of Penguins, which mutt be eaten with (peed : foz wee found sel. 
them to be ol no long continuance; we alſo kurniſhed our felues with kreſh water. And here at the 

lat lending ot our boat to the plano for the reſt ofour pꝛouilion, wee loft her and 1 5. men in her by enep wore 15. 
force of koule weather; but what became of them we could not tel. Pere allo in this tome wel hia 
two anckers. From hence we pallen farther into the Sreight, nd by Port famine we 7 — with 

& Spaniard, who tolo vs chat he had liued in thoſe parts 6,peeres, and that he was one ok the 400. % Spaniard 
men that were ſent chither by the king of Spaine in the pere 1582. to foprifie and inhabit there, to fund. 
binder the paſlage ok all Mrangers that way into the Souch fea, But that and the other Spanish 

colonte being both de ſtroped by famine he laid he had liued in an houle by himſelke along time, and 

relieued himſelle with his caleeuer vntilour comming thither, ere we made aboatof che boyvs 

ok our cheſts; which being liniſhed wee ſent 7. armer men in the fame on land on the Roth thore, 

being walted on land by the Sauages with certaine white (kinnes; who as ſoone as they came on Men ub. 
—. T. prefently killed by an 100. of the wilde people in the fight of 2. ol our men, which rowed the raden d 
them zu choare, which two onely eſcaped backe againe to vs wich the boat. Alter this traiterous 90 425 
flaugbter ok our men, we fell backe againe with our ſhip tothe Roßtheeliward of Pon famine to ne. 
à certaine road, where we rekreſhed our ſelnes with mul kles, and tooke in water e wood. At this ö 
time wee tooke in the Opaniard afopefain, and fo failed forward arratne into the Streight. Mee * 11 — 
paſled 7.0) 8. times 10, leagues ettward beyond Cape Froward, being ttill encountered With zun ieagues 
migbtie Mozthwelt winds, Chele winds and the current were lo behement againſt D6,that they Erne Proe. 
lnced vs backe afmuch in two houres, as we were getting vp in 8,houres, Chus alter wee had 

ſpent 6, wee bes in the Streight ſtriuing agatntt the kutte of the elements, and hauing at lundzy 


times partly by talualtie, and partly by ficknes loft 38. of dur beſtmen, and 3. ancke rs, and nowe 


baung but one ancker leit vs, and (mall toe ok victuals, and, which was not the lealt wae 
＋ ; uerx 


— 
* 


840 The Englifh Voyages, Nauigations, M. Iohn ( hialey. 


diuers of our company railing vangerous mutinies: we conſulted, though ſome what with the la⸗ 

teſt, fo; the {afegard of our lues to returne while there was ſome ſmall hope remapning: and ſo 

let ſaile out of The Streight home ward about the 14. of Febzuarie 1590. e returned backe 

Cpey returne againe by Che riuer of Plate; and ſailing neere the toſt of Brafill we met with a Portugal thip of 

bomtward. 80, tunnes, which rode at an ancker vpon the coatt, who as ſoone as ſhe deſcried vs to chale her, in⸗ 

Khe pir ofs. continentlp weyed, e ran her felfe on ground betwene the pland of S.Sebaftian and the maine land. 

degr. of leut. But we £9) wane of a good boat,and bp reaſon ofthe foule weather, were neither able to bord her, 

11 6 en noz to goe on tore. T hence in extreme milery we ſhaper our courſe loꝛ the ples of Cape Verde, 

gn ihecoatof and lo patting to the ples ol The Acores, the Canaries being ſomet bing out of cur courle; the 

fir land that wee mette withall in our Marrow lea was The ple of Alderney. Amd hauing now 

but lire men of all our company left aline, the Malter and his two mates and chiefe Mariners bee 

bey land at ing dead, wer ran in wich Monuille de Hage eight miles tu the Met of Cherbourg in Norman - 

Huge dender die. Chere the next vap atter our comming to an ancker, having but one in all lekt, being the lalt 

wotChe- of Auguſt 1590. by the koule weather that role the ancker came home, and our hip dzaue ou the 

bourg, rocks: And the Normans which were commanded by the gouernour ol Cherbourg (who came 

Ebe wracke of Downe to vs that night) ia haue lapd out another ancker for her, neglecting bis commeandement, 

tbe {hip br tbe futferen her milerably to be fplitted, wich vellre to enrich thernlelues bp her wpacke, Cithin few 

mans. Dapesafterthis laſt miſchance foute of vs being Englichmen departed from Cherbourgh, and 
5 Deland. paften home lex England in abarke of Weymouth, leauing the tho ftrangers there behinde v. 


The names of vs fixe that returned of all our 
company were theſe. 


) 2 Richard Bu 
3 Iohn Reade. 
4 Richard Hodgkins of Weftburie nere Briſtol. 
The two ſtrangers. 


55 Gabriel Valerofa a Portugal. 
6 Peter, à Briton, 


5 William . ok Briſtol, 


Apetition made by certaine of the company of the Delight of 
Briſto vnto the Maſter of the ſaid fhip Robert Burnet, one of the conſorts 
of M,Chedley, being in the Streights of AZagellawthe 3 2.0f February 1589. 


E haue thoughe good to ſhew vnto pou (being our Patter) our whole mindes 
and griefes in witing: that whereas our Captaine Matthew Hawife, and 

, 0 Walter Street doe beginne ta take into the Captaines cabin this 12. of Feb. 
och bread and butter, (ſuch as was put in oz the pꝛouiſion of the thippe ano 

0 companp) only to feed themlelues, and a few others, which are of their meſle: 
meaning thereby rather to ſterue vg, then to keepe vs rong and in health: 
r And like wiſe vpon the lame, hee hath taken into his cabin certaine furniture, 
as cwoms, caleeuers and mulquets: Me cherefoze not well knowing their intents herein, ercepe 
by certaine woꝛdes caſt out at vnwares, wee may coniecture, thet pour death, which God forbid, 

by them bath bene determined: doe all moſt humbly defire pou being our Matter, and heuung 
charge of the ſhippe, and vs, this pꝛeſent voyage committed vnto vou, to tonſider : Fir, that by 
Gods viſitation wee haue loſt 16. men, and that fo much the rather becauſe they were not alottes 
luch necelary pꝛouilion, as was in the Hip to be had. Alla to conſider the great lolſe of four 
men with our boat at Penguin-pland within the Streigbts of Magellan: and ot 7. good and fere 
uiteable men beſides neere Port famine: and ok three anckers, and our Carpenter. Duer and bee 
fines all theſe calsmities to confine: ow pou haue (without all reaſon and confcience) bene ouer⸗ 
ihwarted wilgraced, and duttouute nancrd bp pour mate Street, and Matthew Hawife: Alſo what 
danger pou now are ſubiect vnto, pour death hauing bene ſo olten con{piren, and what danger we 
ſbponldd be in, ir it were (which God forbin) effected, Furihermope, to weigh with pour ſelfe the 
great want of manpnecellaries in our Ghip 2 namtiy that we haue but 6,Cailers,(belives pour elke 
d pour mate Street, whom wee dare not trut, ) Alto that wee haue but one encker ,likewifetbe 


lacke of our boate and a Carpenter, oc rope ot pitch, tre pnaile, boltg, and plankes,and the 1 0 


were onc 
here alre 
ſo much 
cheſtes, 
with for 
licientiy 
put chef 
and vpw 
tan no w 
our pꝛou 
wee hau 
und witt 
and haue 
remaine 
among r 
out all de 
backe, it 
thought 


hooper, 
the hatte 


idley. 
nel, 


ed backe 
al (hip ol 
ſe her in⸗ 
ine land. 
bord her, 
e Verde, 
irfe ; the 
ing now 
ners bee 
lormane 
gthe latt 
ue onthe 
ho came 
thin kew 
rgh, and 
nde bs, 


ight of 


onſorts 


e minder 
wife, and 
of Febz. 
ippe and 
ir meſſe: 
nhealthꝛ 
urniture, 
n, except 
od forbid, 
d heuing 
i, that bx 
rt alotted 
1 Of our 
dand fers 
r and bee 
ene ctiere 
Ao what 
anger we 
x ſelfe the 
pout ſelfe 
tewiſt the 


) the want 
of 


M Fobn Chidley. Traffiques and Diſcoueries. 


of a Chilfull Chirurgian. And whereas a view being taken of our pꝛouiſion there was found 
but fue monetha victuals of bꝛead, meale, greets, and peaſe, and alfo but thzee moneths victuals 
of beefe, penguins and popke the hogſbeads of wine, ten gallons ol aquauitæ ( whereol the ſicke 
men could not get anpto relieue them,) faure hogſheads ol ſpder and 18. flitches of bacon, xc. the 
company hath but thꝛee flitches. Alſo the ſaid Captaine Hawlfe and Street haue taken and ſeaſed 
vpon 17. potts ol butter, with certaine cheele, and an hogſhead of bead at a time, and haue bene 
thereof polleſled to their owne pꝛiuate vles : And haue not onely immoderately (pent the compas 
nies pꝛouiſion in butter, cheele, aquauitæ, t. but haue alſo conſumed thoſe ſweete meates, which 
were laped vp in the ſhippe onelp for the relie’ icke perfons (themfelues being healthy and 
ſound, and e, the laid meat es tren rs in their lickeneſle) and euen at this time allo 
Kuen of the ſmall tore ol our proutiion , . ze being suforced to come to a woꝛter allowance) 

ey the laide Captaine Ha wlſe aud pour mate Street, doe finde themſelues agrieued at the verx 


fame allowance , wherewith other men are well contented. And although (befines our ordinary 


allowance, and moze then all the reſt of the company ) they onelp haue their byeakefatts permitted 
vnto them yet they complatne that the company gveth about to kamich them, whereas ices they 
doe what lpeth in them co famith the company bp feeding themlelues lat, which doe no labour at 
all. Thele things being well weighed, pou ought like wile to conſider the long time that wee 
haue lien here in chele Itreights of Magellan, hauing bene at, and ſeuen oz eight times, tenne 
leagues beyond Cape Froward, we haue had but a ſmall gale of winde wich vs: neither could wee 
come to an ancker, che water being fo deepe: and (pou know) the place is fo dangerous, that wee 
were onte embaped, and coulde carte get out againe: And like wile, Chat fogges and mits are 
here already: Much moze here wil be. the winter and darke nights being at hand, & we hauing not 
fo much as a boate to ſeeke out amp roade to ride in, ſauing a ſmall weake boate made of mens 
cheſtes, in which it is not conuenient to goe on ſhoare in a koꝛreine countrey, where wee muſt goe 
with forces and hauing but one ancker left vs re is but little hope of life in vs, as pou may lul⸗ 
ficiently iudge, ik wee thoulo loſe either the laide ancker oz our boate, and therefore wee date not 
put the lame in danger fog feareof looling them. Allo wee hauing lien here thele fire weekes 
and vpward, the winde hath continuen in the Nozth· wel directly againſt our courle, ſo that wee 


tan no way hope to et through the Streights into the South {ea this peere, and il we could, yer 


our pꝛouilion is not fuffirient, having ſpent fo much thereof, in this our lingering aboade. Map 
wee haue ſcarcelp victuals ynough to car vs home into England, it they bee not bſed Cparingip, 
ind with very good gouernment. Therefore wee doe againe moli humblx vefire pow to conſſder 
and haue regard vnto the pꝛemilles, as pou tender pour otune laletie and the ſaletie of vs which 
remaine aliue, that wee may (bp Gods helpe) returne barke into England, rather then die here 


among wilde and ſausge people: for it wee make any longer abode in this plate, it wil bee (with ⸗ 


out all doubt) to the vtter decay and lolle, both of our ſelues, and ok the fhippe: and in return 
backe, it may pleale God, that we map linde our Afteene men. and our boat at Penguin · yland ( ale 
though this bee contrarp to the mindes ol Matthew Hawife, and your mate Street) and 
found them, wee doe not veſpaire in Gods mercie, but that in our returne home ⸗ ward, hee 
fend vs purchaſe lufficient il wee would topne our lelues together inpꝛaper, and loue one another. 
And thus doing (as wee ſhalbe bound) cuen fo wee will allo heartip pray for the contthuance ol 
pour (rood eſkate, and wel- fare, and for the length ol pour dax er to the pleaſure of Alinightie Gov, 
Lalliy, wee doe mot humbly beleech pou to conlidet chat (after the lolle of fo men, and 
all the taſualties afozeſatd, as we were takittg ia ol water by Port Famine, out boate- Maine, the 
hooper, and William Magoths being on ſhoare) Matthew Ha wlſe did hallow to hauue them in all 
the halte come on- boꝛd: kepingeberewühühelewopws le chat tll conte inthis voyage, mutt 
not make any reckoning to leaue two oz three men on (hore dehinde him, whereas we had lo late · 
3 va al 7 . ae ee ae alle ſailers left vs 12 Allo che laide si nde 
awlſe did carp a e ſpate dayes ſetretly vnder bis gowne, intending theres 
withall to bane men Andee Stoning, and William Combe, as by cotfellion of Hawlfe 
dis man, William Martin, it is mantfeſk: fo the faive William Martine repopten vnto two of his 
friends, viz; Richard Hungace, and Emanuel Dornel, that he kneclen vpon bis knees ore whole 
goure befoie Matthew Hawife in his obne cabin, bettcing dim ob Gods caile, noo 10 hil rüber 
olchem, elpeclally betaule the laid Stoning and Martin came both out of one komme. Alforde 
fain kla vlſe at one feconn time ol wateriug in the place aloe laid came into the Suuners roomie 
eo Cpeake wih you ( pour fetfe with the mater Sumner Thomas Browne,and his mute William 
Frier being then prefent ) dernandin of you, il be thouty lend certaine men to Pon famine being 
two Leagues teom the (hip be lun. Thon Browne aulioeren hunppebondk ub on fen 


$42 The Englith Voyages, The laßt voy. f M.T ho.Candiph. 


ͥͥͤͤ ³Ü u ²˙“ßʒu i ðſ ĩð⅛ð K ¹˙¹·¹ẽo⁴g·r¹] o . 
none, lob feare leaſt the wind might ariſe, and by that meanes we (ouly loofe fo many of our men 
moze: to whom Matthew Hawlie replied that it was not material, fog that he had made thoyte of 
a company for the very Came purpole, whole names were Emmanuel Dornel, Richard Hungate, 

Khe Spaniard Paul Catie, Iohn Dauis, Gabriel Valeroſa, a Poptugall, and Peter a Byitaine, andthe Opantard 
Port Famine, iuhich we had taken in at the fame place, at our firſt time or watering, And thus we end, veliring 
Ood to ſende vs well into our natiue countrey. In witnelſe whereof wee haue ſublcribed 
our names. 


Thomas Browne, Gunner, 
Iohn Morrice, c. * 


The lat voyage of the worſhipfull M. Thomas Candifh eſquire, 


intended for the South ea, the Philippinas, and the coaſt of China, with 3. tall 
fhips,and two barks : Written by M./ohw /ane, a man of good obferuation, imployedin 
thefame,and many other voyages, 


* — be 26.0f Auguét 1591, wee departed from Plimmouth with z. tall ſhips and 


two barkes, The Galeon wherein M. Candiſn went himſelfe being Admiral, 
The Roebucke viceadmirall whereol . Cocke was Captaine, The Deſire 
Nere-admirall whereof was Captaine M. Iohn Dauis (with whom and for 


Ille de S.Seba- 
ſtian 


towne of 
8 


ye 

teſſaries, was left onto vs nabediy bare, without people and pꝛouiſion. 
Eight on tenne dapes after mater Candith himſelfe came thither, where hee remained vntill 
the z 2 0f January, ſecking by intreatie to haue that, whereok we wer? once pollellen, But in ton 
tluſion wee departed out of the tune thꝛoughertreeme want ol victuall not being able any lon 
ger to liur chere, and were glad tu receiue a te we caniſters op bal kets of Caſſaui meale; ſo that in 
euerꝝ condition wee went moꝛſe furniſhen from the towne, then when wee came vnto it. Che 
Che tene of 2 2, ot January we departed from Samos, and burnt Sant Vincent to the ground. Che 24. we let 
coe py ro e foathe Sptreights of Magellan, 
— of Febwary we had a very great Qoyme, and the eighth our Fleet was feparaten 
by che mx of the tempeſt. Then our Captaine called vnto him the Walter ol our (hip, whom her 
found tobe avery honeſt and ſufficient man, and conferting with him he concluded to goe ſoz Port 
Deſue, which iin the Sopucherip latituve of 48. vegrees; hoping that the Generell would come 
Sather, Secale that in bis cd voyage ha had found great reiete there, For out Captains cuts 
never git anp direction what courte io take in any ſuch extremitiex, cough many times ber had 
tutrented fod its as often; baue heard him with griefe report, In lopling to this pope by good 
chance e wet with Che Roe-bucke, wherein matter Cocke had endured great exttemities, and 
Bann Kops, deſired our Captaine to ke eye him company, fo) hee vag in verp 
eſperale cate, Rar Cee ous een neben t, n poet an 


being al 
compan 


rable co 
kles, wa 
all the l 
raine, an 
the bigh 
extremit 
becauſe 
ries that 
was am 
could no 
all the cc 
fone ot! 


eſtate, th 
to proce 
rable to 


5355 4 
andiſb. 
or out men 
e thopte of 
Hungate, 
Opaniard 
nd velirmg 
ſubſeribed 


ſquire 
ith 3. tall 
ployed in 


chips, and 
‘Admiral, 
he Defire 
m and foꝛ 
e of. A- 


2, leagues 
vhich time 
) Negros, 
Ueſt from 
habited by 
e ple ofS, 
he Defire 
anckered 
next moz⸗ 
noted to 
oke all the 


en biewe, 
‘prifoners 
r wants, 

inde of nes 


ined vntill 
ut in con⸗ 
le any lott 
ſothat in 
o it. Che 
24. be ſet 


ſeparated 
whom hee 
¢ lo Pott 
uld come 
aine coul 
es ber had 
t by goon 
nities, and 
ap in very 
re, and re⸗ 

turning 


0 


Lhe loft v. , M.Th.Candifh. Traffiques & Diſcoueries. 843 


turning tolde vs the bardneſſe thereok, and delired the Maſter and all the company to be carefull in ‘a 
all tbeir watches not to loofe Che Roe-bucke, and ſo wer both arriued at Port Defire the ſixthol 2 1 


arch. 

Che 16. ol March Che Blacke pinneffe came onto vs, but matter Gilberts barke came not, l. A tn i. 
but returned home to England, hauing their Captaine abozv the Roe-bucke without any pꝛoui⸗ Ei 
fion moze then the apparell that hee woze, who came from thence abozd our ſhip to remaine With Rogland. 
our Captaine, by realon of the great kriendſhip betweene them. Che 18. the Galeon came into 
the road, and matter Candith came into the harboꝛough in a boat which be had made at ſea; for his 
long boat and light · hoꝛleman were loft at lea, as alſo a pinneſle which he had built at Santos: and db 
being aboys Che Defire he tolde our Captaine of all his extremities, and pake moſt hardly of his d at beate 
companp, and of diuers gentlementhat were with him, purpoling no moze to gue abozd his owne 
Ship but to ſtap in The Deſire. Wie allſorower to heare {uch hard ſpearhes of our gond kriends: 
but hauing tpoken with the gentlemen of the Galcon weer found them Faithfull, bonett, and relo⸗ 
luce in pꝛoceeding, although it pleaſed our Generall other wiſe to concetue of them, 

Che 20. ol arch we veparced from Port Deſire, matter Candith being in The Deſite with 
vs. The eighth of April 1592. wee fell with the Sereights Au e furious Segen 
ſtozmes betweene Port Deſire and the Streight. The 14. we pallen thꝛough the üirſt Streight. S 
The 16. we paflen the lecond Streight being ten leagues diſtant from the lirll. The 18. we dou⸗ 
bled Cape Froward, which Cape lieth in 33. degrees and: . The 21. wee were inforced bythe 
furp of the weather to put into a ſmall cooue with our Hips, 4. leagues from the laid Cape, vpon 
the South Hoare where wee remained until the 15. ol May. Inthe which time wee innuren ers 
treeme ſtonnes. with perpetual ſnow, where many of our men died luith curſed famine, and mile⸗ 
rable cold, not hauing wöerewith to couer theit bodies, noz to fill their bellies, but living by mute 
kles, water, and weeds of the fea, with a (mall rellefe of the thips ſtoze in meale ſometimes. And 
all the ficke men in the Galeon were moſt vncharitablp put a thore into the woods in the fnowe, 
raine, and told, when men of good health could fharcelp indure it, where they ended their lives in 
the highelt degree of miſerp, maſter Candith all this while being aboxd the Defire, In theſe great 
ertremitics ok ſuow ano cold, doubting what the ende would be, he al ked our Captaines opinion, 
becaule he was a man that hav good experience of the Nozthweſt parts, in his z. leuerall dilcoue⸗ 
ries that wax, imployed by the marchants of London. Dur Captaine tolde him, thae this {howe 
was a matter of no long continuance, and gaue bim lufficient reaſon for it, and that thereby hee 
could not much be pꝛetudicer op bindered in his proceeding, Motwithſtanding he called together 
all the companp, and tolde them, that be purpoled not to fap in the Streights, but to depart vpon 
ſome other vopage, oz elſe to returne againe fo; Braſil. But his reſolution was to goe for the 
Cape ok Buena Eſperanga. Che company an{wered, that if it pleaten him, they did deſire to Map 
Gods fauour for a winde, and to indure all harvneſle whatſoeuer, rather then to giue ouer the boys 
age, conſidering they had bene here but a final time, and becaufe they were within fourtie leagues 
of the South fea, it grieued themnowto returne; notwithſtanding what hee purpoled, that they 
would perfozme. Do hee concluded to goe for the Cape of Buena Eſperanga, and to giue duet 
this voyage. Then our Captaine, after matter Candiſh was come abozd The Defire from tal⸗ 
kiug with che company, tolde him, that ik it plealed him to conſider the great extremitie of bis 
eftate, the ſlendernelle of his pꝛoutllons, with the weakenelle of his men, it was no courte fo? him 
tu proceed in that newe enterpꝛize : fori the reſt of pour ſhippes (Cain hee) bee furniſhed anſwe⸗ 
table to this, it is impaſlible to perkoꝛme pour determination: fo2 wee haue no mode lailes then 
maſtes, no victuals, no ground -tackling, no coꝛdage moze then is ouer head, and among ſeuentie 
aud fine petſons, there is but the Malter alone that can ozder the fhippe, and but fouretecne ſay⸗ 
lers. Che reſt are gentlemen, ſeruingmen, and artificets, Therefore ic mill be a deſperate cale ta 
take ſo hatv an enterpzize in band. Chele perlwaltons did our Captain not onely ble to mater 
Candith, but alſo to matter Cocke, In ſine vpon a petition delineren in wiiting by the chiefe of 
the whole company, the Generall determined to depart out of The Streights of Magellan, ann 
to retutne againe foꝛ Santos in Braſil. W f f 

Dothe 1. ol Bap wer let lalle, the Generall then being in che Galeon. Che eighteenth wed per return 
were fee of ce Sotteights, but at Cape Froward te was our bart bah ra baute dir boat kunde ae Trend or 
our Rerne in che night, and to be lpltt and ſohe ſpolled ann to looſe all dur ozes. % Magellan, 
The twentieth ok ap being thwart of Port Deſire, in the night the Generali altered his ope accanon 
toutſe, a we aue nbi oecallon wee lott him: tothe euening be load clot bya winne of toring tbe 
toſeaward, hautng the winde at Nopthnoptheaſt, and wee ſtanding the fame way, the winde not 
altering, could not the next dap fee him: lo that we then perlwaded our lelues, that bee as 1 


‘ 


844 The Engliſh Voyages, The laf voy.of M. I ho.Candiph. 


for Port Defire tn telieue himſelle, oꝭ that bee had ſuſtained ſome mifchance at Sea, and was 
gone thither to remedy it, Mibereupon our Captaine callen the Generals men vnto him, with 
the ret, and al ker their opinion what was to bee done. Cuerp one layde, that they thought 
that the Generall was gone koz Port Defire. Chen ihe Matter being the Generals man, and cares 
full of his matters ſeruice, as alſo ot good iußgement in Dea · matters, tolde the company howe 
dangerous it was to goe fo Port Deſite, ff wee ſhoulde there miſſe the Generall: for ( {aide her) 
wee haue no boate to lande our {elues no; any cables nop ancke rs that J dare truſt in ſo quicke 
ſtreames as are there: pet in all likelyhood concluding that the General was gone thither, wee 
ſtaped our courle for Port Deſite, and by chance mette with the Blacke pinnefle, which had like 
a 3 15 Fleete, being in very miſereble cale: ſo wee both concluded to ſeeke the Generall at 
ort Deſire. 
hep comens The lixe and twentieth day of May we came to Port Defire, where not find ing our General, 
Pele ebe ac. as we hoped. being moſt llenderiy victualled, without ſailes, boate, ones nailes, coꝛdage, anv allo 
epa. ther neceſlaries fo; our reliefe, wee were ſtrooken into a deadly ſoztow. But referring all tothe 
pꝛouidence and fatherly protection of the Almightie, wee entered the harbour, and by Gods fa. 
Mquistroad. out found a place of quiet roade, which befoze wee knewe not. Pauing mozenour ſhippe with 
1 poole ot the pinnelſes boate, wee landed vpon the South More, where wee found a ſtanding poole of krelh 
510 N water, which by eltimat ion might holde Come tenne tunnes, whereby wee were greatly comfoz⸗ 
bert Dat. ted. From this poole wee let moze then foztie tunnes of water, and pet we let the poole as full 
as wee found it. Aud becaule at our firſt being in this harbour wee were at this place and found 
no water, we perl wader our lelues that Gad had ſent it foz our reliefe. Allo there were ſuchex · 
sbrmvance of easedinary low ebbes as we had neuer (cene, whereby wee got mul kles in great plentie. Likes 
mutkiesand ile God ſent about our ſhippes great abundance of (melts, fo that with bookes made of pinnes 
dis. geuery man taugbt as many as bec coulde eate: by which meanes wee preferuen our fips victu 
als, aud {pent not any during the time ol our above here. . ; 
Mut Captaine and Matter falling into the conſideraticn of our effate and difpatch togoe to 
the Generall, found our wants fo great, as that in a moneth wee coulde not ficte our ſhippe to ſet 
lalle. Foz wee muſt neeves let vp a Smiths forge, to make boltes, ſpikes, and naples, belides the 
repairing of our other wants. TWihereupan they concluded it to bee their bett courſe to take 
the pinneſſe, and to furniſh ber with the belt of the company, and to goe to the Generall with all 
expevitlon, leauing the ſhippe and the relt of the tompanp vntill the Generals returne ; top hee 
had vowed to our Captaine, chat hee would returne againe for the Otreights, as hee had tolde 
5 50 Captalne and Patter ok the piuneſle being the Generals men were well contented with 
motion. 

A bangttous But the Generell bauing in our thippe rwo molt pettilent fellowes, when ther heardok this dee 
suri, termination they vtterly muflikenit, and in fecret dealt with the company of both Hippes, vebe⸗ 
mentlp perſwading them, that our Captaine and Maſter would leaue them in the countrey to bee 
deudured of the Cauibals, and that they were mercileſſe and without charitie: whereupon the 
whole company i. iſlecret with them in a night to murther our Captaine and Matter, with 
mp elle, aud all hei. ich they thought were their friendes. Chere were markes takeninbis 
caben howe to kill bim with mul kets through che ſhippes five , and bullets made of liluer ſoz he 
execution, ir their other putpoles ſhould kaile. All agreed here unto, exce pt it were the bote-Hwalne 
ok our Hippe, who when hee knew the matter, and che llender ground thereof, reueiled it vnto our 
Maver, aud ſo to the Captatne. Then the matter v. ing called in aueſtion, hole two moll mur⸗ 

therous fellowes were found out, whole names were Charles Parker and Edward Smith. 
Tbe Cipralne being thus hardlp belet in pertll of famine, and in danger of murthering, was 
onitrainen to bfe ltuftie, and bp courteous meanes to pacit this kurte; thewing, thar to doe the 
eBeneraltferuice, buco whom he had voted Faith in this action, was the tauſe why hee purpoſen 
to goe bnto him in the pinneſle, confinering, that the pinnelle was ſo nercllaty a thing for bim, 
chat bee could not bee wir hout her, becaule bee was fearefull ofthe ſhoze in fo great hippes. 
herelpon all tried out with curling and (wearing , chat the pinnelle ſhould not goe vnlele che 
hippe went, Chen the Captaine oelired them to ewe themkelues Chrittans, and not fo blal⸗ 
ppbemdullo to bebaue chemlelues, without regard oz thaubelgiuing to God foz thrit great veſtue 
kaͤnck, and pꝛelent a beltowed vpon ibem, alleaging many ext mpies of Cods farbe pur 
niſbment 1 75 ingratitune ; and withall pꝛomilev to doe any thing that might land wut their 
odd liking, By wbich gentle (reacties the matter was pacificy, and the Captaine and Metter at 
che requet ofthe company were content to koꝛgiae this greet treathetp of Parker ind Smith, who 
after many ad monttions concluded in theſe wozves: The Lord judge betweene asia tet 


vnder th 


TI 


uge inte 
160fZ 
out to o 
Streigh 
The Re 
Black f 
whom 
The St 
leagues 
ftorcof 


ndiſp. 
z and was 
bim, with 
cp thought 
hand cares 
danp howe 
{aide her) 
tfoquicke 
ther, wee 
b had lke⸗ 
denerall at 


Generall, 
, and all o⸗ 
gall tothe 
Gods fas 
hippe with 
ole of kreſh 
Ip comfoz⸗ 
ole as full 
and found 
re ſuthex⸗ 
tie, Likes 
e of pinnes 
pips victu⸗ 


btogee to 
hippe to ſet 
belides the 
rſe to take 
all with all 
ne; lo hee 
e had tolde 
ented with 


ok this de⸗ 
pes, bebes 
trey to bee 
reupon the 
aſter, with 
aken in his 
luer foz ibe 
ote.Iwaine 
it vnto our 


not lo blal⸗ 
reatveliues 
s ihatpe pu- 
D wüh t 

ip Patter at 
Smith, who 
ni and mee: 


which after came to a molt ſharpe reuenge euen bp the puniſbment ol the Almigbtie. Thus by a 
general conſent it was toucluded not to depart, but there to lay io the Generals returne. Then 
dur Captame and Mater, ſeeing that they could not doe the Genevall that {eruice which they dee 
fired made a motion to the tompanie, that they would lay downe vnder their handes the lofing of 
the Generall, with the extremities wherein we then ſtoode: whereunto they confenten, and note 
vnder their hands as followeth. 


The teſtimoniall of the companie of The Defire touching their 


lofing of their Generall, which appeareth to haue beene veterly againſt 
their meanings, 


T™ 26 of Auguſt 159 1 wee whole names bee here vnder written, with diuers others depar⸗ 
ted from Plimmouth buder M. Thomas Candith our General, with 4 ſhips of his, to wit, 
The Galeon, The Robuck, The Defire, and The Black pinnefle, fo the perfoꝛmante of a voy⸗ 
age into The South fea. The 19 of Moucmber we fell wich the bay ol Saluador in Braſil. The 
16 of December we tooke the towne of Santos, hoping there to reuictuall our ſelues, but it fell not 
out to our contentment, The 24 of January we let fatle from Santos, ſhaping our courſe fo, The 
Streights of Magellan. The 8 of Febzuarie by violent ſtomes the ſapde fleete was parted: 
The Robuck aud The Defire àrxiued in Porte Deſire the Sof March. The 16 of March The 
Black pinnęſſe arriued there allo: and the 18 of che fame our admirall came into the roade; with 
whom we departed the 20 ol March in pooꝛe and weake eſtate. The 8 of Appl 1592 we entred 
The Streights of Magellan. The z 1 of Ayal wee ankered beyond Cape Froward, within 40 
league of The South fea, where wee rode vntill the 15 of May. In which time wee had great 
gabe of ſnowe, wich fome guſtie weather, the wind continuing fill at EMeſtuoꝛthwelt againtt bs, 
In chis time wee were intoꝛted for the preferuing of our victuals, to liue the moft part vpon muſ⸗ 
kles, our pꝛouiſion was fo ſlender; fo that many of our men died in this hard exlremitie. Then our 
Geueral returned fo Braſil there to winter, & to procure victuals fon this voyage againſt the next 

o we departed The Streights che 15 of Pay. The 21 being thwart of Port Deſire 30 
— off the ſhoare, the wind then at Noꝛtheaſt and by Month, at ſiue ot the clock at night lying 
Nogtheaſt, wer ſuddenly caſt about lying Southeaſt and by Bouch, and ſometunes Spoutheak: 
the whole fleete following the admirall, our ſhip connning vnder his lee ſhot ahead him, and fo fra⸗ 


men ſaile fit to keepe tompante. This night wee were {eueren, by what occaſion wee pꝛoteſt sree de 
know not, whither we loſt them oz they vs. In the mozuing we only ſaw The Black pinneſſe, then pow 
ſuppolmg that the aminivall bad ouerſpot va. All this bap wee ſtoode to the Caſtwarde, hoping te "bet 


finn him, becauſe it was not likely, that he would ſtand to the ſhoare againe fo ſuddenly. But mil 
Sing him cowards nigbt, we oon to the ſhoarrward, hoping by chat cvurſe to finde him. Che 22 
of May at night we had a violent ſtoume. with the winde at Roꝛchwele, and wee were infoꝛted to 
Hull, not bring able to beare ſaile, and this night we perithen our maine treflletvees , fo that wee 
could no more vſe our maine top-faile, lying moſt vangerouſly in the fea, The pinnelſe tikewile 
receiued a great leake, fo that wre were inforcen tofecke che next ſhoare for our rellefe. And bee 
tauſe famine was like to bee the bett ende, wee delired to goe for Port Deſire, hoping with ſeales 
and penguins to relieue our felucg, and foto make ſhift to followe the Generall, 0 there to fap 
bis comming from Brafil. The 24 of May wee had much winde at orth, The 25 was calme, 
end the fea very luftie, ſo that our chip had dangerous foule weather. The 26 our fope-frownes 
brake, fo that if wee had not beene neere the ſhoare, it had beene impollible fop vs to get out ol 
the ſea. And nowe being here moped in Port Deſite, dix ſhoudes are all rotten, not hauing a 
running rope whereto wee may truſt, and being pꝛouided onely of one fhift of ſailes all wozne, 
our top · ſailes not able to abide any ſtreſſt of weather, neither haue wee any pitch, tarre, oz natles, 
nop anp ftoze fon the ſupplying of thele wanten; and wer liue onely vpon feales and mufkles, has 
ning but fine hogſheans of poke within bourd, and meale three ounces fon a man a day, with wae 
ter fe to dꝛinke. And faꝛalmuch as it hach pleaſed God to ſeparate our fleete, and to hing vs into 
ſuch hard extrennties, that onlp now by his mere mercy we expect reliele, though other wile we are 
hopeleſſe of comfort, pte becauſe the wonverfull woꝛkes of God in his exceeding great fauvur toe 
ward vs bis creatures are faxre beyond che ſtape of mans capacitte, thereloꝛe bp bim we hope to 
haue deliutrance in this our deepe diltreſſe. Allo fagaſmuch as thoſe vpon whom God will beſtow 
che lauort ol life, with returne home to theit countrep, may not ouclp themſtlues remaine blames 
lelle, but alſo manifeſt the trueth of our actions , wer haue thought good in Chpittian charltie to 
lay downe vnder our hands the eee till the time ol W b 
en 


— . SS Oey Ye, ͤ— . — — 
‘The laft vay of M.Tb. (anaiſb. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 843 1 


tbep ot 
Sentral’ 


| Cape Frowar 


846 The Englith Voyages, The laft-voy.of MI b.Candifh. 


Giuen in Port Defire the 2 of June 1592. Beſeching the almightie Gov of his mercie to deli⸗ 
uer bs krom this miſerie, how oz when it thall pleaſe bis biuine Malellie. 


Iohn Dauis Captaine. Thomas Watkins. 
Randolph Cotton. George Cunington. 
Iohn Pery. Iohn Whiting. 
William Maber . Iames Ling. 
Charles Parker. N The Boat-Iwaln. 
Rouland Miller, l Francis Smit. 
Edward Smith, lohn Layes. 
Thomas Purpet. The Boat-{waines mate. 
Matthew Stubbes. „ Fiſher. 
Iohn ſenkinſon. Iohn Auſtin. 
Thomas Edwards, Francis Copſlone. 
Edward Granger. Richard Garet. 
Iohn Lewis. Iames Euersby. 
William Hayman. Nicolas Parker, 
George Straker. Leonard. 
Thomas Walbie. Iohn Pick. 
William Wyetbz. Benjamin. 
Richard Alaid. William Maber. 
Stephan Ppham. I Iames Not. 
Alexander Cole. J chhriſtopher Hauler. 


Alter they had deliuerenithis relation once our taptaine vnder their handes, then wee began to 
trattell fox our lues, aud wet built vp a ſmiths forge, aud made acolepit, and burnt coles, and 
there wer madt nailes, boltes, and ſpikes, others made ropes of apecce of our cable; and the reſt 
gatheren muſkles, and tocke ſmeltes foꝛ the whole compante, Thꝛee leagues from this harbo⸗ 

aun Tuenetre rough there is an Ille wich foure ſmall Illes about it, where chere are great abundance of lealts. 
bomidingwoith aNd at the time af the peeve ihe penguins come thither m great plentie to byeede, Iller concluden 
feales and Pen · wich che pinneſſe, that the ſhould ſometimes goe chither to fetch fealcs ſoꝛ vs; vpon which candt⸗ 
= on wee would hare our victuals with her man for man; twhercunto the whole companie agreed, 
Da wee parted dur poore Mone, and thee labourca to fetch vs ſeales to eate, wherewith weeliun 
when ſmeltes and mulklos failed: foꝛ in the nepe ſtreames wee could get no muſkles. Thus in 
mut nuſerable calamitie wee remained vntill the ſxt of Auguſt, till keeping watch vpon the hilg 
to looke for gur Generall, and ſo great was our veration and anguith of foule, ag J thinke neuer 
lleſh aud blood envured mode. Thus our miſerie dayly increaling, time paſſing, and our hope 
pf the General being very tolde, our Captaine and Malter were {ullp perlwadrd, thatthe Genes 
rall might perhaps goe directly foꝛ The Streights, and not tome to this harboꝛough zwhertupon 
they thought no courſe moze tonuenient then to goe pꝛelently for The Streights, ànd there to fap 
bis comming, fog in that place hee could not pafle, but of foꝛce wee mutt fee him: whereunto the 
compante moſt willingly conſented. as allo the Captain and Malter of the pinnelle; lo that vpon 
this determination wee made all poſſible (pecde to depart. 5 
Chepdepart Che lire af Augutt wee ſet laile, and went to Penguin-ifle, and the next day twee falted twentit 
fromPor be- haglbeads ok ſeales, which was as much as our {att could poſlibiy doe, aud lo wer Departed fo} 
fietoy the The Streights the poozeſt wretches that euer were created. The ſeuenth ol Auguſt to warde 
Ae night wee departed from Penguin. ifle, thaping our courte for The Streights, where wee had full 
confidence lo meete with our Generall. The ninth wee had afore ſtozme, fo that wee were cons 
ſirained to hull, for our lailes were not to indure any loꝛce. The 14 wee were dziuen in among 
Certaine Tes cettaine Illes neuer befope dilcouered by any knowen relation, Iping fiftie leagues op better from 
biltoneren ty che ſhogte Catt and Nantherly from The Streights: in which place, vuleſle it had pleaſed God of 
leagues norte his wonderfull mercie to haue cealed the winde, wee mutt of neteſlitie haue periſhed. But the 
alen mumde Chitting to the Ealt, wee direrted our courte for The Streights, and the 18 of auguſt wee 
fell with che Cape in a very thicke fogge: aud the lame night we anker en ten leagues within the 
Lede, Stragbt Cape. The 9 day ker pailen the kik and the fecond Stecights, The 21 wee doubled Cape 
4 Froward. The 22 we ankered in Saluage cooue, ſo named, berauſe wer found many Baluages 
Saluapecooue there: notwithſtanding the extreme colde ok this plate, vet doe all thefe wilde people goe naked; 
and liue in the woods like Satyr, painted and dilguiſed, and ſlie {ecm you like wilde deere. They 
are very ſrung, and thꝛew ones at vs of three op foure pound wright an incredible diſtance. The 


24 


ndiſh. 
tie to deli⸗ 


e began to 
‘oles , and 
md che reit 
is harbo⸗ 
pof leales. 
concluded 
lch tondt· 
lie agreed. 
wee liurd 
Thus in 
on the hils 
inke neuer 
d our hope 
the Gene⸗ 
ohtrtupon 
ere to Tap 
reunto the 
that vpon 


d twentie 
parted foꝛ 
towarde 
e had full 
were con⸗ 


he llt voy .of M.Th.Candifh. Traffiques; & Diſcolieries. 84.7 


24 in the momning wee departed from this cooue , and the lame day we came into the Monhweſt egad tert 
reach, which is the lall reach of the Streights . Thea z we ankozev in a good cooue, within fours on tam reach et 
teene leagues ofthe South lea : in this place we purpoled to ſtay foꝛ the General, fop che ſtreigbe be arriadee. 
inthis place is (carcechzee miles brdad, ſothat he couid not paſſe but we muſt ſee him. After we * 
pad ſtaped here a loʒtnight in the deey ol inter. dur vit tuals conſuming, (tor our Deals ũungne 
molt vil, and our men 7? : sXéfully through cold and famin, fo) the greateſt part ol them had not 
clothes to defend the ex ie ol the winters told be ung in this heaule diſtrelle our captaine aud 
Maler thought it the eit courſe to depart front the Strelghts into the South ſea, and to go fo 
the Ille of Santa Maria, which is to the Moꝛthward ol Baldiuia in 37 degrees ¢ a quarter, where 
we might haue relie fe, and be in a tempernte clime, and there tap fop the General, for ok neceſſity 
be mutt come by that Bile, Do we departen the 13 of September, x came in ſight of the South Their frit ens 
fea, The 14 we were forced backe agalne, ind recauered a tooue 3 leagues within the reights Sour ga. . 
from the South lea. Againe we put fooreh,¢ being 9 oz 10 leagues free ok the land, the wind ris Then enter the 
Ging furioulip at IMemnonthwelt, we wrre infozten againe into ihe Greightsonly lo; wantof atlas fecont ame” 
fop we neuer durſt beare falle in any ſirelle ol weather they were fo weake: fo againe we recoue · 
red the cooue thre leagues within the ſtreights, where we indured moſt furious. weather, ſo that 
one ok our two cables brake, whereby we were hopeles oklife. Pet it pleafen God to calme the 
forme, and wee vnriued our (heates; tackes, halliers, and other ropes, and mozed our fhip to the 
trees tiole by the rockes, Ile laboured to recouer our ankoz againe, but could not iy any means, 
it lay lo deepe in the water, and as we thinke cleane couered with case, Nom had we but one an · 
kop which had but one whole Flouke, a cable ſpliced in two plates, and a piece of an olde cable. 
In the middeſt of thele our troubles it pleaſed God that the wind tame faire che firſtol October; 
whereupon with all exxedition wee loo led our mozings, and weighed our ankoz, and ſo towed off 
inta the chanel; for wer had mender dur boate in Pom Deſire, ànd had fiue cares of the pinneſſe. 
Then we had weighen our ankoz, we found our table-broken, onely one ſtrand helde : ihen wee 
prapled God; foꝛ we ſaw apparantiy his mercies in peſeruing vs. Being in the chanel, we riued 
dur topes e againe rigged our ſhip u mans hand was idle but all laboured euen fop the laſt gaſpe 
ot lite. Here aur company was deuidẽd; (ome delved tu go againe fog Port Peſire, and there tu be 
ſet on Cone, where they might tranell for their liues, and forte Roop with the Captaine a ader 
to pꝛoteed. the Captaine ſoyd to the Patter: Maſter, you ſee the wonderfull extre⸗ 
mitts vd our oſtate the great daubts among our companie of the truth of your repoꝛis.as tous 
eke to be hadin be Douth lea: ome cap in ſecret, as I am informed that we vndertale 
thete veſperate attempts though blind affection that we btare to the General. Fon mine owne 
port q plaine iy mae inamen bite pouy that the loue which A bare to the General caulen mee 
üirſttaenter into this action, hereby baue not onely heaped vpon my bead this bitter calamity 


nowpꝛeſent, but nls haue in ſum iu procured the villike of my beſt friends in England as it 


ande vaknowes co Conic in ihis cainvauy. But nom being thus intangled by che providence of 
Gobo} my fonntr sifentes ( nu daulit) A beſire that it map pleate bts divine Mateſtie ta hem 
vs (ash mevcifull faunur that nie map rather pꝛocren, then otherwiſt: oy if it be his wil, that our 
a ‘{hal uom tabe an ends; Teather defire that it map bee in proceeding then in xxtur: 
ning. And bet auſe q lee in vealon. the the limits af aur time aue now Drawing ta an end, A do in 
Chitin charity iutreat pon all, fir to fergine me in whtſoeuer A baue bin grieuous vnto vou: 
u mil rather play fozoge & eneral. then ve hard (peaches of him; and let vs be fuls 
thar mod fos hiscaukee negligence, bir y o wn ofences againſe the dinine Par 
lelty we are pdelemilpwamiſpeds tanu, irt bs foyrive one another and be reroncilen as chitozcn in 
laue e chatitꝝ and udt thin vanities af this. Wiss fo ſhall we in leauing this life live with 
Suriniojious teveemerjd2 aliving in thus life find Taudim with Gon, And nom (good walker )fozale 
much as you haue bin mn this Vopageance befoge with our maſter the general. ſatiſtie the copanp 
olluchtruths as ave to pon binden ¢ yuu the teſboſ the generals men. which like wiſe haue 
din wied him in his ſtrſtvoyag hee any thing contxaryto the truth ſpare not ta repꝛooue 
it, nay pon. And ſa A brſcechthe Lopbto beſdum his mereh vpon vs. Chen the malter began 
inthele{peeches : Captain pur cequed is very renſonable, c Kreferxs to pour iudgment mn ho 
mefttace,t gent pain taben in ibe generals ſeruice, my loue cowards him, ¢in what (oye I haue 
F K 
dato peur dwections, which bitherto A baue perfourmen,; om all knowe , that when J was exe 
trennelp liche, the General was loc in my maces watch , as pou haue welleramined ; ſichens 
wibich tine in wönt auguilh ann grieferol minde Nbaue lien, Godoneip knowsech and por 
are in lame part a witmeſſe. Au nowe if you thine gaun to returne, A will ng riß 
2 


2 


— — 


——— 


—: 5 Se ae SA a 


848 TheEnglith Voyages, The 14ſt 500. / IM. Tb. ( anaiſb. Ti 


fpr fort! 
5 that 


time 
— mg tbe 


Og, cur 

wherupon the captain told him: ou other 
there is no temedy, either we mutt double it. oz bofope neon we mut die: therfare looſe pour fails, pron 
and let vs put it to Gods mercy, The matter being a man of youu {piritrefolacelp made quicke het 
diſpatch s let fale. Dur ſailes had not bene balfe an hourt abovꝛd, but the inotrope of out fopetaile ted, 
bpake, ſo that nothing held but the oylet holes. The ſeas continually brake ouer the hips poope, migt 
and flew into che fatles with ſuch violent e. that we Fill expecces the tearing of dur (aples,opaviers this! 
letting ol the Hip, and withall to dur vtter Difcemfore, wee perceinen that wee fell ſiii mope and they 
moje to leeward, Co that wee could not double the cape? wee were nuwe tome within halle a we. 
mile of the cape , and ſoneere the hore , that the countet· lulle of che fea would rebound agu the p 
the ſbippes lide, ſathat wee were much dilmayen with the hoyroz of our pꝛeſent ende. Mee fhoul 
tag thus ar che very piney of dest, che winde ans Sean caging depend Malte, cue She bent 
Ret veared ſome ot the maine ſheate; and whether it was by that ocraſion, op bp {ewe cur 
rent, on by tte wonderful power of Goo , as wet verily chinke it was , the Cipguicaenes 
tnap, and (hot paſt chat rocke, where wee chought thee woule haue hob. en betmeene the coal 
tape and the poynt there was a little bay; fo that ate snore dani butber kun che Soares: mute 


wide 


more, Being (hor pat the cape, we prefenclp tooke in our faples, which had 

vnto vs; and when we were (hot in berwerne the high lands, the wind blowing trade, wirhout ay 
ny ich ol faple, we ſpooned befope the ſes, chee men being not able to guide the helme, and in fire 
houres wee were put flue and twenty leagues within the Rotreights, where wer founda lea an⸗ 
ſwerable tothe Orean. 

In this time we freed our ſhip from water, and after wee han reſted a little, our men were not 
able to muoue; their ſine wes were fiffe, and ther lleſh dead, and manp of them (which is mot lar 
mentable to bee repoꝛted) were ſo taten wu lice, as that in their fleth did lie cluters of lice ag 
big as peaſon, pea and fom as big as beanes. Being in this miſerie we were conſirained to put 
into a cooue lo the refret, ing our men. Pur Maſter knowing the ſhoze and euery cooue very 
perfectly, put in with the (hore , and mored to the trees, as befopetime we had done, laying our 
ankoz to the ſeaward. Pere we continued vntill the rwentiethol October; but not being able as 
nylonger co tap thꝛough ertremitie of famine, the one and twentieth we put off into the chanel, 
the weather being reaſonable calme : but befope night it blem moll extreamely at Meſtnoꝛth⸗ 
weſt. The ſconne growing outragious, our men could ſcartelp ſtand by their labour; and the 
treigbts being full ol turning reaches we were conſtrained by diſcretion of the Captaine any 
Maker in their accounts to guide the ſhip in the hell· darke night, when we could not fee anyſhoze, 


Thelaf voy.of M.Th.Candi/h. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 84.9 


Cape De? 
ion bane 
bows 


the chanell being infonte places (carte tee miles mond. But our captaine, as wee ür patten 9" 


thꝛough the Streighes dꝛew ſuch an exquifice plat ol the ſame, as I am aſſured it cannot in any 
fort be bettered: which plat bee and the Malter ſo often perufen, and fo carefully regarded, as 


pour omne 
blaod- thirſtie, in 


9 


— 2 ile 
dae 


but God hach ſo ſhoyt ned pour confeveracie, as that I nothing doubt pou : it is fop pour Maſters 
ſake that I baue fopbopne pou in pour vnchziſtian — — bere J proted befope Good, that 
for his fake alone I will pet indure this inturp, and pou ſhall in no fopte be preiudiced, o in any 
thing be by me cem manded: but when we come into England (ii God fo fauour vs) your mater 
fhalt knowe pour honeſl tes: in the meane (pace be voide of theſe ſuſpicions. ſoʒ. God I call to wits 
nes, eis no part ol my thought. They gaue bim thanks, deſiring to go into the har boꝛough 
with the Hip, which be gro ed, So there were ten leſt vpon the Ille, and the laſt ol October we 
beben, entred the harbo poll, © Metten at our lat being here hauing taken carefull notice of tuery 
pico tune. be creche in the Pimet, in a Gimp CON ent place upon ſandy oaze, ran che ſhip on ground, laying our 
ANRO) tote aανντ . AMD ming ropes mo en her to Rakes vpon the (hoze, which hee bay 
kaſtened lo; that u pole where htp remained till ue departure. 

Che third of Mowember our boat with Water, wood, and as many as Hee tould cary, went foz 
the Alle of Peng want: but being deepe, he duck not ppocecde, but tetur u d againe the fame night. 
„i Then Parket,Senith, Townelend,Purper, with ſiue others, deſirev that ih y might goe bp land, 
ale ane and that the date mig etch them when they Were againſt the Alle, it being ſcarce a mile from 
tes te mains. the hoe. Cyecaptame bade them doe what they thought belt, adutfing them to take weapons 
with them: to; (Jay her) although we haue not at any time leeme people in this place, yet in the 
tountrep there may be M. Chey anſwered, that bere wet eat ope ol Deere, and Ds 
dtriches: but il there were W unges, they would deuoure them: not withſtanding the raptaine 
tauſed them to carp weapons. calleue rs, ſwoꝛdes, and targets: ſo the ſixt ot Mouember they des 
Ane mum tok. par ted by land, and the hate by (ea; but from that day to this Dap wee neuer heard of our men, 
The 11 white mok of our men were at the Alle, onely the Captaine and Maſter with lire others 
mdr ot Salle, being left in the thip, there came a great multitude of @aluagesto the tp, tino wing dult in the 
geo witty bie apꝛt, leaping and runniug like ute beatts , hauing visarns on their faces like dogs faces, op elle 
the Unto doge their faces are dogs faces indeed, Ele greatly feared leatt thep would ſet our ſhip on fire, fo they 
faces. would ſuddenly make fire, whereat we much matuelled: they tame to windward of our thip, and 
fet the buthes on fire ſo that we were in a very Rinking fimoke : but as foone as they came within 
bur (hoe, we thot at them ſtriking one of them in the thigh they all prefentip fled, ſo that we neuer 
heard nop ſaw moze of them. Hereby we iudged, that theſe Canibals had ſlaine our omen, hen 
we conſioered what they were that thus were Haine, and found that they were the principall men 
that would haue murthered our Captaine ¢ Patter, with the reſt of their friends, we (aw the iu 
wudgement of God, and made ſupplication to his diuine Maieſtyto be mertiſul vnto vs. Mhile we 
Nur Beit dn, were in this har bodough our Captaine and Malter went with the boat to diſcouer how farre this 
zh, e riuer Mn run, that ik neede ſhould enforce vs toleaue we might know how farre we might 
DUP ba gon nter. Do they found; that farther then 20 miles they could not go with the boat, At their 
return e they ſent the boate to the Ille of Penguins; whereby wee vnderſtood that the Penguins 

den do our hearts content, and that the multitude ok them was infinite. Chis Penguin hath the 

„ ſhape ok a bird, but hath no wings, only t wo ſumps in the place of wings, by which he lwimmeth 
vnder water with as great ſwil ines as any ſiſh. They live vpon (melts, whereothert is great ac 

bundauce vpon this coaſt: in eating they be neither lich nop fleſh: they lay great egs, and the bird 

is otatealonable bignes, very neere twiſe lo big as a ducke. All the time that wee were inthis 
place, we fared paſſing well with egs, Penguins, yong Seales, pong Gulles, beſides other birds, 
IN ſuch as Yknow not; ok all which we had great abundance, In this place we found an herbe called 
be called Mcuruygraſle, which wee frien with eg, vling traine ople in ſtead of butter. This herbe didlo 
gtatle. a naa it tooke away all kind of {welling s,of which many died, x reſtozed vs to perfect 

dep aven7 DOM ody, ſo that we were in as good caſe as whe we came firt out of England. Ile taped in 
e this harbour vntil che aaa December in which time we had dꝛied 20000Penguins; g the Cape 
A pfetp beuiſe Cainethe Maker, and 1p ſelle had made ſome Cale, vy laying fale water vpon the rocks in holes, 
to man la. imhich in s dates would be kerned. Thus God vid feed vs eug as it were with Manna frdbeauen, 
Che dn ct December we departed with our ſhip for the Ille, where with great difficulty 
the fhilful induſtry ol our Mater we got 14000 of our biros, and hd almoſt lof our captaine in 

labouring to bing the birvs aboo zd: bad not our Maſter bene very expert in the fet of thole : 
ken cides, which run alter many lalhions, we had allo loſt our ſhip in the lame place: but Go c. 
bis goodnes hathin all our exeremities bene aur pꝛotectoꝛ. Sothe 22 at nigtztt we der erte with 
14000 died Penguins, vot being able to fetch the reſt, and ſhapen our courſe foꝛ Braſil. Nowe 
A poorenlloty. Ou captaine rated our vicruꝰ le, and hought vs to ſuch allowance, as that our victuals might lat 
erutem“ Fire moneths;fopour hope . *. chat within firemoneths we might rerouer aur tountrey, hough 
out lailes were very bad, o ner was two ounces ¢ a balfe of meale foʒ a man une, 


Fa 


SES 


and to 
olle, th 
ad eu 
Hwan 
Warp) 
and Hai 
wich th 
fun-vili 
to reco 
ſes, the 
lang, 
pany,a 
we mig 
cafe be 
cooper 
uayo) 
bim. D 
vs VPO! 
Ulead o 
day, oa 
io gat 
ol mur 
night 7 
and th. 
ry Tra 
pore iv 
favour 
being e 
woods 
ſelues t 
piece c 
a tome 
llewth 
derſtos 
men; b 
and ac 
nero vi 
Iencro 


ndifh. 


t Maſters 
Oob, that 
oz in any 
ur matter 
all to wits 
rbozougb 
tober we 
tof cuerp 
aying our 
ch hee har 


went fog 
me night. 
e by land, 
mile from 
weapons 
pet in the 
re, and O⸗ 
raptaine 
r they de⸗ 
our men. 
ire others 
uit in tbe 
es, opelfe 
e od they 
r hip, and 
ne within 
we neuer 
n. hen 
ipall men 
w the iu 
Abile we 
farre this 
we might 
, Ac their 
Penguins 
n hath the 
wimmeth 
s great as 
d the bird 
re inthis 
her birds, 
rbe called 
rhe did fo 
to perkect 
taped in 
the Caps 
in holes, 
ö heauen. 
sii by 
ptaine in 
hole si: 
tt Gb uf 
reon niche 
l. Nowe 
night laff 
v, hough 
han adap, 
and 


The'laft voyiof M.Th.Candifh. Traffiques, & Diſcoueries. 831 


und to haue fo twiſe a decke, fo that 3 ounces did ſerue for a werke. Thee dates a wecke we had 
vile. tee fpoonfuts for a man a day and 2 dayes in a wecke peaſon a pint betwerne 4 men a day, 
aud cuery day 5 Penguins for 4 men, and 6 quarces of water ſoʒ 4 men a day. Chis was our ale 
dawancez wherewith (we praife God) we lined, though weaklp, and very feeble, The 30 of Jas 


Muay we arrived at the Ile ot Placencia in Braiill che firſt place that out ward bound we were att Che A of Pte. 


and hauing in ade che holde, our (hip lying off at ſea, the Captaine with a4 of the company went 


wich the boat on (hore, being a whole night before they could recouer it. Che laſt or Jauuarp at 
ſun · riſiuꝑ they ſuddenly landed, hoping to take the Ponu ales in their houſes, @ by that / .ce 
to vecouer ſome Calaui- meale, 02 other victuals toʒ our relic’ : but when they came to 0 

ſes, they were all cased, and burnt to the ground, ſo that we thought no man had remain. vir ge 
Alan). Then the captaine went to the garoens,¢ bought from chence fruits ¢ roots for the come 
panp, and came avoors the (hip, and Lioughe her inta a line crecke which he han found out, where 
we might more her by che trees, aud where there was water, and hoopes to trim our cathe, Our 
cafe being very bi ſperate, we prefeutip laboured for difpareh atwap ; Lome cite hoopes , which the 
Coopers made, others laboured vyon the fatles and (hip, cuery man trauelling top his life, ¢ Mill a 
guard was lee pt on (hoze to detend thoſe that laboured, eucrp man hauing his weapon likewile by 
him. The 3 ot Febzuary our men with 23 thot went agatne to the garde ns, being 3 miles from 
vs vpon the Jor h thore, and fetched Cazaui· roots out of the ground, to relieue our company in · 
Head ot he ao fo: we ſy nt not of our meale while we Rated here. The 5 of Febzuaty being mun· 
day, oar captaine aud maſter Halted the companp to their labour; ſo ſome went with the Coopers 


io gather hoopes, and the reſt laboured abooꝛ d. This night many of our men in the Hip dꝛeamed mmon⸗ anv 
ol murther x laughter: Tn the moꝛning they reported their Dreames, one faping to another; this — 


night Fore amt, that thou wert llaine; another anlwered, and I dzeamed, that thou wert Maines 
and this wae genere tough the hip, The captaine hearing this, who like wile had dpeamen vee 
rp ſtrangelyhimlelle, gaue very treight charge. chat thole which went on (hore ſhould take wea: 
pore wh them, an; ſaw them himſelke deliuered into the boat, ¢ Cent (ome of purpole to guard the 
iabourers. All the forencone they laboured in quietneſſe, ¢ when it was ten o the clocke, the heat 
being extreme, they tame to arocke neere ihe woods ſide (co; al this countrep is nothing but thick 
woods) and there they boyled Cazaui- roots, dined: after dinner ſome llept, ſome wathen them · 
felues in the ſea, all being Mripped to their ſhirts g no man keeping warch, no match ligheed, not a 
piece chargev. Suddenly as they were thus lleeping ¢ (porting, hating gotten themlelues into 
a comner out of ſight ok the ſhip, ebere came a multitude of Indians ¢ Boztugales vpon them, and 
llew them ſleeping: onely two eſcaped one verp Cope hurt, the other not touched, by whom we vn⸗ 
derſtood ol this miſerable maſſacre: with al, Speed we manned our boat, i landed to ſuctout our 
men; but we found them llaine, x late naked on a ranke one by another, with their faces vpward, 
and a croſſe (et by them: and withall we ſaw two very great pinneffes come from the riuer of Ie. 
nero very ful of men; whom we miſtruſted came from thence to take vs: becaule there came from 


ſhould come, x hauing a ſmall wale of winde, we recouered the lea in moll deepe diſtrelle. Then 
nog our edate one to another, and recounting ouer all our extremitles, nothing grieued vs 
moe. chen the lolſe ol our men twile, fick by the ſlaugbter of the Canibals at Port Deſire, and at 
this Ile of Placencia hy the Indians and Poꝛtugals. And confivering what tbey were that were 
toi, we found that al tole that can ſpircd the murthering of ous cap dane ¢ maltẽt nete Now Rate 


by faluages,the gunner only excepted, Being thus at (ea, when we came to cape Frio, che winde Cabo Frio 46 


ming. our hope of life was very ſmall. Some veficento go to Baya, eco ſubmtt themfelues tothe 
Portugales,racher then to die fz checik s but che captaine wich faite perfwafions bag 
A en ole 


was contrary; fo that 3 weekes we were grieunuſip bexed with crofle windes i our water conſu⸗ Aer 


832 Ihe Engliſh Voyages, The Q./et.tothe Emp.of Chinas The 


putpole of peelding to the Portugales, Ju this vitcelle it plea ſed God to ſend vs raine in (uch regio 
plenty, as that we were wel watered, e in good comfort to returne. But after we came neere vnto terq; ¢ 
2 the fun; our died Penguins began to coʒtupt, e there been in thE a moſt lochſome e vgly woyme noltro 
hind of woyme ot an inch long. This woꝛme bid ſo mightilp increaſe, and vewoure our victuals , that there was bus & 
Pen in reaſon no hope hom we ſhould auvive famine. but be deuoured of theſe wicked creatures there ö mittat 
ne  swasnothing that they bid not deubure, oni pron excepted: our clothes, boots. (hones, bats, hire, tus ne. 
Stockings : and for the ſhip they did ſo eat the timbers, as that we greatly Feared they would vndot mercir 
us by gnawing through che ſhips ſide. Great was the care and diligence of our captaine, matter, empla 
and company to conſume theſe bermine, but the moze we laboured to kill them, che moze they ins & dili 
crealen; lo that at the laſt we could not ſleepe for them, but they would eate our fleth,and bite like quash 
Moſquitos. In this wołull caſe, after we had palled the E quinoctiall toward the Noth, our men f region 
began to fall fick of (uch a monſtrous diſeaſe, as I thinke the like was neuer heard of : fz in their mis he 
ankles it began to fweil; From thence in two daies it would be in their bneaũis, fo that they could ' incom 
not dzaw their lneath, and then fell into their cops ; and their cobs and pardes vid {well molt grie · cipibu 
uoully,and moft dꝛeadfullp to behold, fo that they could neither ſland, lie, nozgoe, Eibereupon tation 
out men grew mad with griefe. Our captain with extreme anguifh of bis ſoule, was in {uch wo · tari po 
full tale. chat be deſired only a ſpeedie end, and though he were ſcarce able to ſpeake fo3 ſoꝛrom pet monio 
be perſwaded them to patience, and to giue God thankes, E like dutifull childzen to accept of bis oppids 
chatifement, F all this diners grew raging mad x lome die d in mon lorbfome ¢ furious paine, ra fiat 
It were incredible to wite our milery as it was: there mas no man in perfect health, but the cap. anit: 
taine gone boy. The maſter being a man of good ſpirit wich extreme labour boze out his griefe, net 
ſo that it grew not vpon him. Co be ſhoꝛt all our men died except 1 ol which there were but 5 veſttæ 
able to mooue. The captaine was in good health, the maſter indifferent, captaine Cotton and my 1 
elle fwolne and (hort winwed, pet better then the reli that wexreſiche, and one bop in health: vpon . é 
vs 5 only the labour of the (hip did Rand, Che captaine and maſter, as occaſion ſerued, would take 1 
in, and heaue out the top-Lailes , the matter onelp attended on the {prit-faile, ann all of vs at the Qazo 
tayſten without (heats and tacks, In fine our miſerie and tweaknelle was ſo great, that we could Steng 
not take in, noꝛ he aue out a ſaile: fo our cop-farle ¢ ſpꝛit · ſailes were tome all in pieces by thc eas noſtto 
ther. The maſter end captaine taking their turnes at the helme, were mightily diũrelled and mons 
ſteauliy grieued with the moſt wolull lamentation of our fick men. Thus as lof wanderers vpon 
See arn the lea, the 11 of June 1593. it pleaſed God, that me arriued at Bear- hauen in Ireland, and there 
Ireland the ir of an the ſhip an woe: tabere the Frith men helped vs to take in our ſailes, and to moje our thip Liz 
June 1593. fig flooting:wbich ender paines of theirs coft the captaine ſome ten pounds before be could haue be 
the thip in Cafetie, Thus without victuals, failes, men, op any furniture God one ly guided bs ins 2 ye 
ta Ireland, where the captaine left the matter and thee op foure of the company to keepe the (hip, Ch 
and within 5 vapes after he and certaine others had pailage in an Englich licher. boat to Padſtow 5 5 
in Comewall. In this maner our ſmall temnant by Gods onely mercie were pꝛelerurd, and ree wich a 
open to our countrey , to whom be all honour and gloꝛy wozld without end. tp al 
i s 3 : tects w 
The letters of the Queenes moſt excellent Maieſtie fent in the yere chants 
1596 unto the great Emperor of China by M. Richard Alot and M. Thomas vito bf 
Bromefield marchants ofthe citie of London, who were embarquedin a fleet of 3 ſhips, to Einpie 
wit, The Beare, The Beares whelpe,and the Beniamin ; {ct forth principally at the charges of ss aes 
the honourable knight Sir Rebert Daddeley, and committed vnto the command and con- ; blerte 
duct of M. Beniamin iN uod.a man of approoued skill in nauigation: who, together with his L 
415 and company (becauſe we haue 4 1 no certaine ne es of them ſince the moneth thote pe 
of February next after their departure) we do ſuppoſe, may be artiued vpon ſome part of Arbus ti 
the coaſt of China, and may there be ſtayed by the ſaid Emperour, or perhaps may haue tions of 
ſome treacherie wrought againſt them by the Portugales of. Macao, or the Spaniards of amples 
the Phitippinas : eie 18950 
Lizabetha Dei gracia Anglir, Franciz,& Hibernia Regina, vera &chriftianzfidel elautn 
contre omnes falſò Chriſſi nomen profitentes inuictiſſima propugnatrix ce Altiſſi- or in the 
mo, Sereniſſunoq́; Principi, potentiſſimo magni regni Chinæ dominatori, ſummo in 5 
eiiie Air partibus Inſulisq́; adiacentibus imperatori. & magno in orientalibus mundi : iut inte 
regionibus Monerchæ, f e, cum omni optimarum rerũ copia & affluentia lætos repount 
& fcelices annos,Cum honeſti & fideles ſubditi noſtri, qui has literas noftras ad ſerenitatem ve rummo 
Aram perferunt, Richardss Alus & Thomas Brome field, ciuitatis noſtræ Londini in dicto noſtro on eithe 
regno Anglia mercatores , impen{é a nobis efflagicauering , vt edtum ftudia ad imperij veltsi Prick 


oz in their 
hey could 
noſt grie · 
hereupon 
{uch wo 
row, pet 
ept of bis 


with his 
moneth 
e part of 
nay haue 


niards of 


anæ fidei 
c. Altiſſi· 
immo in 
us mundi 
cia lætos 
atem veo 
donoſt 

erij veſlui 
regiones 


The Q. let. tothe Ep. China. Traffiques & Difcoueries, 853 
ee ey eR eer ⁰˙11AD A 


iones(commercij gracia)nauigandi commendatemus: Cumq; regni veltsi fortitèrpruden- 
pa adminiſtrati fama , per vniuerſam tertatũ orbem differinata — ſubditos hos 
noltros inuitauerit,non ſolum vt dominationis veſtt regiones inuiſpat, ſed vt regni veſtri legi· 
bus & inſtitutis, dum in illis mundi partibus cõmotati fucrint,regendos fe & moderandos per- 
mittant, prout mercatores decet, qui mercimoniorũ commutandorumcaufaadtam dengel 
tua nec adhuc noſtro orbi ſatis cognitas regiones,penetrare cupiunt, illud vnum ſpectantes, vt 
mercimonia ſua, mercimoniorig; quorundam, quibus ditionis noſtræ regiones abundant, ex- 
emplaria queda ſiue fpecimina, ſerenitatis veſtræ fubditorumd; veſtrorũ conſſ pectui offerant, 
& diligenter cognofcere ſtudeant, fi quz aliz ſint apud nos merces quæ veſtro vſui inſetuiant, 
quas honeſto & vbique terrarum licitocommercij ritu alijs mercibus(quarum in imperij veſtti 
regionib’, tam artis quam naturz beneſicio magna copia eſicommutare poſſint. Nos gquiſſi. 
mis honeſtorum hominum precibus acquieſcentes, quia nihil ex iuſtiſſimo hoe mercatinæ via 
incommodi fue difpendij onturum, fed plurimũ potius emolumenti vttiuſq; regni tum prine 
cipibus tum ſubditis prouenturum exiſtimamus, dum earũ rerum quibus abundamus expore 
tatione, & aliarum quibus egemus inuectione, equiffimis preciis iuudri vtrinque & locuple- 
tari poſſimus; Sereniſſimam Maieſtatem veſtram rogamus, vt fuoditis his noſtris, cum mercie 
monioruin vendendorum & permursndorum gratia, ad imperij veſiti ſtationes, portus, loca, 
oppida, ciuitates aceeſſerint, eundi, redeundi, & cum fubditis veltris negotiandi, plena & libe. 
ra fist poteſtas: Illisq; huiufmodi libertates, immunitates, & ptiuilegia, quz aliorum princi- 
pum ſubditis, apud vos mercaturam exeroentibus, concedi ſolent, ſerenitatis veftre clementis 
inuiolata conſeruentur; & nos vieiſſun, non tantüm omnia amicæ principis officia ſerenitati 
veſttæ deferemus, ſed ad maiotem communis inter nos . noltros amicitiæ & cõmercij 
propagationem, ſubditis veſtris omnibus & ſingulis, fi ſereni ime Maieſtati veſtræ ita viſum 
merit, plenam & integram in ditiomis noſirę quafcung; regiones veniendi, commorandi, nego- 
tiandi, & reuertendh, poteſtatem per pręlentes has literas noftras libentiſſimè concedimus, 
Qaz omnia & fingula regij noftri figilli sppoficione communiri ſecimus. Deus opt. max. cceli 
& tenæ conditor, regiam Maieftatem veſtram diutiffime ſetuet incolumem. Datz in Palatio 
noſtto Grenouici xj. menfis Iulij Anno Chrifti 1 59 6. annog; noſiri regni xxxviij, | 


The fame in Englith. 


Fite by the grace of God Queene of England, France, and Ireland, the moſt 6 5 
2 defendpefle of the true ¢ chyiſtian faith again all alfetp profetfe the name ol Chpitt ge. 
Eo the moſt high end ſoueraigne Waince che molt puillant Goucrnour of the great kingvome of 
China, the chieteſt Emperour in chole parts of Alla and of the Bands avioyning, and the great 
monarke ol the oꝛtentall regions of the worl; wilheth health, and many topfull and happy peeres, 
with all plenty and abundance of things moſt ac e. Ahereas out honett and faithful ſub⸗ 
tects which bring theſe letters vnto your Highnefle, Richard Alloe @ Thomas Bromefield, mare 
chants ot our citieot᷑ London in our fopelatd kingvome of England, haue made mul earneſt (uit 
vnto vn, that we would commend thete deſires anv indeuours of fapling to the regions of pour 
Emptre fo) traffiques Cake : whereas allo the fame of pour kingpome lo frongly and prupentip 

uerned, being viſperſed and publiſhed ouer the face of che whole earch, Hath innitenthele our 

bierts not onelp co vilite pour Dighnefle domintons, but allo to permit themſelues to de ruled 
and gouerned bp the lawes and conſtitutions of pour kingdome during the time of their aboad in 
thofe partesol the world, as it becommech marchanes, who fop exchange of marchanpise are des 
firous to trauell unto regions fo farce diſtant and not hitherts fufficirwely nomen vnto theſe nae 
tions of the wonlv, hauing this regarvonelp, that they may prefent their wares and certaine ere 
amples oz mutters of divers kinds of marchandizes, wherewith the regions of our dominions do 
abound, vnto the vie w of pour Highneſſe and of pout Cubiects; ¢ that they may indeubur to know, 
whether here be any other marchanvise with vs fie lep pour ble, which ( accopding to the honelt 
elawfull cuſtome of tratfique in all countries) they may exchange fop other commodities; wheres 
ok in the parts of your Empire there is great plentie borh naturall anv artiſitiall: Me peelding 
unro the moſt reafonable regueſls afthofe zoneſt men, beceuſe we doe ſuppoſe thee by eis yng 
tut turercourle of traſkigue, no intonuenience nop lofle, but rather matt erceeding benefice will 
redvund onto che Pꝛinres and lubiects of both kingdotmes, while by the carrying foopth ol thole 
rommodtttes where nuch we abound, and the bringing bome of others which we want, wer map . 
on eitder live ar mott eaſie rates helpe and inrich one another; doe crane of pourmott ſoueraigne 


Maedtt,ehar sete our lubler when thep dhe esa foycentfiques (ake nto any the ft. 


POEB, 


871 


Corey 


The Engliſh Voyages, 7. he ftateof (Corax. 


portes, places, townes or cities of your Empire, they map haue full and free libertie of egreſſe and 
regrelle, and of dealing in trade of marchandize with pour lubiects, may bp pour Mighnelle cle⸗ 
mency moſt firmely enioy all (uch freevomes, immunitien, and privileges, as are vſually granted 
to the ſubierts of other Pances which exerciſe traffique in your dominions; and we on the other 
five will not onely perfopme all the offices of a well-willing Prince vnto pour Pigbneſſe. but allo 
for the greater increaſe of mutuall loue and tommerre between vs and our ſubiects by thele pꝛe⸗ 
Cent letters ot ours doe Mok wilingy grant vnto all and euerp pour ſubiects (if it thall ſeeme 
goon bnto your Highnelle) full and entire libertie vnto anx of the partes of our Dominions to re⸗ 
fort, there to abide and traflique, and thente to rerurne. All and euerp of which pꝛemiſſes we 
baue rauſed to be confirmen by annexing hereunto our royall ſeale. God maſt mercifull and als 
Mighty, cheCreatop of heonen and earth, continually protec: vour kingly Maieſtie. Giuen in out 
palace at Greenwich the in of the moneth of Julp, in the yeere ol Chek 1506, and the eight and 
thirtie yeere of our reigne· e 24% 2% 
THREE SEVERALL TESTIMONIES CON. 
cerningthe mighty kingdom of (ray, tributary to the king of (hi. 
na, and bothering vpon his Northeaſt fronticrs, called y the Portugales Goria, 
and by them efteemed at the fiiſt an land , but ſince found to adioyne with the maine not 
many diyes journey from Paqui the Metropolitan citie of China. The more perfect diſcouery 
whereofand of thecoaſtof Tartaria Notthward may in time bring gteat light (if not full 
uc oentaintie) either of a Northweſt or a Northealt paflage from Europe to thoſe 
en vn zich counties, Collected out of the Portugale Ieſuites yeertly lapo- i034 
a ahneres nian Epiſtles dated 113.90, 1591, 15 , 1594. Kc. aie 
3910 eat tic ef i oy HET 15 } gen 
The frſtteſtimony containing a reſolute determination of Quabas 
64" ebadono the great Monarch of all Zepas , to inuade and conquere China by 
tm Way of Corey, being a country diuided froth’ thé Hes of apa onely by an atine 
of the fea about twentie leagues broad, and abounding with victuals and all other ne. 
ceſſaries for the wee Saarl wares, Oud of the Epiſtles of father Frier Lemis 


8 a 57 


we! 


behinde hin rina Gout 
Finquaʒ and ot᷑ thaſe of 
Lozbs, ozatehe leaſt ali his 
fons as thaltfe 


ein the 
bun 


Abet 
Paqut 


may 


if 


tit 10 0 e 


— 1 


OF a. 


grelle and 
gnelle cle⸗ 
ly granted 
iche other 
le, but allo 
thele pꝛe⸗ 
pall {ceme 
fond to res 
miſſes we 
full aud als 
uen in our 
eight and 


CON. 
' of (hi- 
les Goria, 
maine not 
difcoucry 
f not full 
hoſe 
oan 
gen 
f Quaba. 
China by 
byan stine 
other ne- 
tier Lena 


I 
im. berehp 
a 


5 en 


Theeftate of (oray. Traffiques,& Difcoueries, 


But whatloeucr become of China, it is held fop a ter taintie that his comming will cauſe great 
alterations in theſe partes of Ximo,efpeciallp in this kingdom of Figen, wherein are the prittces 
domes of Arima and Omura, and all the foꝛce of our Chpittianity: and he told Don Prorafio when 
he was with him once before, that he would make him a great man in China and chat he would tee . 
mooue theſe lowes, end beltuer their governments vnto loꝛdes that were Gentiles: which would 
be the ruine of all this Chziſtianttiez neither choulo we heue any place wherein to remaine. Foz, 
as it is the cuftome of lapan in the alterations of eſtates and kingdomes ( which they call Cunin 
gaia) to remouue all the nobilitie and gentry, and to leaue onelp the bate people and labourers, 
committing them to the gouernment ok Ethnic ks, wee ſhall hereby allo leeſe dur houſes, and che 
Cipittians ſhall be diſperle with their lords; whom ſometimes he handleih in (uch fore that he gi 
uech them nothing to lulteine themſelueg, and fo they remaine with all their followerd as men ba: 
niſhed, and vtterly ruined. i Bae TE Oe 


The fecond Teftimonie containing thehuge leuies and preparations of Q xabacondone, as alſo 
his warres and conquefts, and thefuccefle thereof in the kingdome of (oray, Together 
with a de ſeription of the fame kingdom, and of their traffickeandmanerof gouernment $ 
and alſo ofthe thipping of China, Japan and Coray,with mention of certaine iflesthercunto. 
adjacent, and other particulars yery memorable. Out ofthe Epiſtles of the aforelaid Father. 
Fryer Luis Frois dated 7179 1, andi spa. 


3 3 


Gout this time Quabacondono determining to put his warre againſt China in exerution, 
alſenibled ſundꝛy of his nobles and captaiues, vnto whom he declared his intent: who, albeit 
they were all of a quite contrary opinion. pet all of them without anp pꝛetenſe of diklitulty appro 
ued his determination. Foz he had giuen aut that he would not abſtaine from this warre, alchough 
his owne ſonne ſhould vile from death to like and regueſt him; pea wholoeuer would mooue any 
impediment op Difficulty iu that matter, hee would put him to death. CCiherefoxe for certaine mae: 
neths there was nothing in all places to be ſeene, but pꝛouilion of ſhips, armour, munition, ad o⸗ 
ther necelſaries fox the warres. Quabacondono making a catalogue of all the loꝛdes and nobles 
bisfublects, willed euery one of them (not amanexcepted to accompany him in chis expedition, 
inioyning and appointing to each one, what munbers they ſyould bing. In all theſe kingdomes 
of Kimo he hach nominated 4 ok his elpeciall kauouritesʒ whom (to all mens admitation) he will 
haue to be heads ouer all thele new kingvomes, notwithſtanding that here are 4 others farre moze’ 
mighty then they. Ok whom (by Gods good pꝛouidence) two are Chyttians, to wit, Augultine 
Eucunocamindono gouernout of half che kingdom of Finga,¢ Cainocami the ſonof Quambio- 
indono gouernour of he greater part or the kingvome of Bugen. The other two are Ethniques, 
namely l oranoſuque gouernour of che halte of the kingdom of Finga and Auguftins mopcallenes 
mie; and Iconocami gouernour of the reſidue of che kingdome of Bugen, and an enemie both to 
Auguftine aud Cainocami. And Quabacondono hath commanded all the Chꝛilkian lowes ok 
Teximo to follow Chiſtian gouernours. TA hereupon the loꝛd Protaſius was there with 2000: 
foulvters; ¢Omurandono the loꝛd of Ceuxima and Auguſtins forme in law, which lately became 
àa Chꝛiſtian, wich athoufann, Allo he appointen thatthe gouernours of Firando and Goto ſhould 
follow Auguſtine, who albeit they were Gentiles had many Chpittians to their ſubiects. Ceiheres 
fine Auguitine was ta conduct 15000 ſouldiers, belides mariners, laue g, and other bafe people 
to tary the baggage or che army all which being as great a number as the ſoꝛmer lo ſoone es they 
arrived in the kingdom of Coray, were made ſouldiers and boꝛe armes. Unto the ſald Auguſtine, 
Quabacondono, in token of ſingular fauour, granted the firſt aſſault op inuaſion ol the kings 
dome of Coray, to wit. that he onely with his forces might enter the fame, the other lo wes remais 
ning in Ceuxima (which is 18 leagues diſtant from Coray) till chep ſhould bee aduerttzed from 
Auguſtine: which thing procures vnto Auguſtine great enuie and dildaine from them all howbe⸗ 
it as pou thall foꝛthwith vnderſtand) it prooucn in the end moſt honourable onto him. The other 
Cipitian gouernour Cainoc ami being but a yang man ok 23 preres, he commanded the king ol 
Bungo to follow with õ ooo ſouldiersʒ fo that with the 4ooo which hee had before; his munber a’ 
mounted vnto 1 ooo, helides mariners and others which caried burtheng. This was mutt ioyful 
newes to vs, and to all the Chniſtians. Ok the Echnick loys Quabacondono appointed the mas 
uernauur of Rioſogo together with Fotanoſuque to march with Sooo san likewiſe the king of 
Saceuma and Iconocami with as many. And amongſt all he gaue the firtt and chiefe place vnto 
Auguſtine. All the other ſouldiers of Iapan her tauſed to accompamie his tone perſon: the mn · 
ber of all together (as appeared out of a vnitten catalogue) amounting to thꝛee hundpech thou ⸗ 
fand perfong; ol whom two hundzed thonland were ſouldierr sz. 05 A 
i e 


856 The Engliſn Voyages, &c. Theflate of Coray. 


A delcription 
at Caray, 


The inneriiolt wall b 
whereof wer fo manyh 


4. T he ſlate of (oray. Traffiquesand Difcoueries. 877 


by the ther Vificour there came vnto Nangaſaque certaine Fathers and F riers , which were {aid to be 

ande of of Fungo and Firando. Foz the {apne Father vnder the name ofa Legace might retaine them N 
nto the with hun moze openly, 
lapan, About this time Quabacondono, that hee might with ſome pattime recreate his Mobles it 
at irom which accompanied him; and allo might verlare, with bow great confidence and ſecuritie of 1 
landed, minde hee tooke vpon him this expedition (or China; and likewile to obſcure the moſt renow i 
», there med fame of a certaine hunting and hawking perfogmed of olde by that mightic Prince loritono, | 
ned to who was Emperour ouer alllapan; hee determined to oꝛdaine (es it were) another ropall court Hii 
Dee aps of diuers kindes of fowle, Eithereupon beeing accompanted with manp great loꝛdes and others, i 5 
terne hee departed to the kingdome ol Oiaren, where his game hav lo good lücteſle, that hee taught I. 
he moze aboue 30000, fomiles of all foptes ; among which were many falcons. Vowbeit, fo Quaba- it 
tours, condono his greater recreation, and fog the moze ſolenmitie of the game, there were allo added i 
ped that manp dead fowles, which the Iaponians with certaine poulders o; compolitions know howto a mrane to ui 
uironen pieſerue Cmeete in their feathers along time. This game beeing enden, Quabacondonore bie Mere. 
Miacb. turned with great pompe vnto Miacd : befope whom went great multitudes which carried thole i tbetr Fras BT 
snpatle ) thoufandes of fowtes bpon gullded canes, Next after chee follower many horfemenfumpes fd. E 
rchants oully attired, carping a great number of Falcons and other birdes. After them were lead ma · in 
d a faire ny hoꝛſes by the reines, moſt richly trapped. Next of all were brought Colcis oz Littiers verp He 
a,at the Macelp avoyned: after which was carryed Quabacondono himſelfe in a L ittiet of another fae 

bacon- ſpion, like outa thoſe which in India are called Palanchins, which was made in China, with moſt 

that for curious and üngular wozkemanſhip, and was pꝛeſented onto him by the Father Viſitour, and 

betaule leemeth exceedingly to content him. foz that in all actions ok ſolemnitie bee vleth the fame, L alt 

Cotay g of all followed a great troope of Pꝛinces and Nobles bꝛauely mounten on hozfebacke, and 

being at Korgeoutly attired, thereby the moze to delight Quabacondono , who in triumphant fore bees. 

him ſer⸗ ing welcomed by the wap, wi the ſhoute and ayplaule ol infinice warmes ok people, entred the 


which in ciſie of Miaca, 


as coms Nom when the time of fapling towardes China appꝛoched, Quabacondono determine 
creſſe, as fic to pꝛoclayme his nephew Inangondono his fucceflour, and gouernour of all Iapan, to the 
tions in ende hee might ſupply bis owne roome in the time ok this warre. And thereloze he comma 


at hape, ded the Dairi to trancferre vnto his ſapd nephew the dignitie belonging to himſelke, calling him 

by the name of Taicuſama, that is to lap, Great loꝛd. Cihich dignitie was in ſuch Cort tranſla⸗ 
ted, that albeit he alligned nto his nephew large reuenues, together with that princely title, yet 
abscone binfelfe remained the very fame that he was before, The vap of the Capp tranilation being ape 


that bee duced, bee ſummoned all che ainces of lapan to appeare, and to [were obedience into this 
sof Co- his nephew: Cho with great pompe going vnto the Dairi to reteiue that vignitie at his 
ch all 10 Ki ſurrendzed vnto him the Cattle of Miaco, and the palaces of Quabacondono to 
ate in la- ell in. f 
‘Thus at the beginning of the third moone, he let foz ward on his iournep to Nangoia, hauing 
ty be pres hefone giuen ogder, that Auguſtine ſboulb pale ouer into the kingvome of Coray, and that his 
m all the other Captaines howls remapne in Ceuxima. Ciherefore, the twentieth dap ok the third 
Quaba- Moone hee came unte Nangoia, where the companies of the other lozdes beeing numbered, 
: but afs were kounde cb bee 200000, perſons, beſides thole that were conducted by the foure foye ⸗ 
UND, aud ſapde qouernours, In the meane leaſun Auguſtine with bis forces , and with a Fleete of 2 fute ot 
Quaba- | eight hundzed Ships, arrived at Corzy. In whole armie the loꝛd Procafiusercetlen all others; O0 ts. 
of Pro. ko though bee hav bur the leading of 2000 louldiets, yet oz the goodneſle of bis armvur, and the 
nt Miacd Heautie of histhips, he was admited ok all men. At their very lirt entrance they wonne 2. caties 
ima, and ok the kingdome of Coray by maine force, wherein the Corayans repoſed great confivence; ſcʒ 
habite of they were enuironed with mighty high wales, and defender with great multitudes of ſouldiers, 
Chia and with a kinde of gunnes ok 2. Pannes and 2. long, which in ſtead of bullets vilcharged with a Soft gues 
grieuous terrible noiſe woodden arrowes headed with forked points of pron: but the ſapd gunnes beeing ned tatty 
ifitor tals able to hurt but a ſmall pittance off, and the laponians being furnithed with brazen ozdinante vn: rowes, 
fine their knowen vnto the Corayans, they ppeſentip dꝛaue them from their walles, anv with ladders made 
ninde, be⸗ : LoptheCameputpote of great canes, they forehwith (cater the fame, and planted their enfignes 
chen chat che reonz the Corayans invecd to a (hope time making reũtance, but after a wihile betaking theme 
, and O- ſelues to diſhonozable flight, y ooo men ok their part being llaine, and of Auguſtines but 100. and 
twas alſe 400, Wounded, Auguſtine perceiuing that the Corayans could not endure anp long allault, de. 
go there termined to take vpon himſelke, and his armie the whole burthen and honour of this warre, and 


Cece 


ch the Fa- Hoc Raping fop the gouernoucs his allocintes, to march vp into che heart ol the kingdome, “ : 


858 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. The fate of Coray. 

RSS.. .. yee an 

the pꝛincipali City; onto which determination all the lodes that were with him gaue their cons 

fent, This was (no doubt) a bolde, yea, and in ſome fopt,a rath enterprife of Auguſtine: but pet 

it argueth a wife and valiant minde in him. But this long delay v 18 lo grecudus to the Cap: 

taines which in Ceuxima expetted the lutceſle of the warre, that beloze they heard any ne wes 

at all concerning the lurpꝛtze ok the two Caſtles, they brought Auguftine in ſuſpition among 

their kriends, that hee ambitioullp affected the honour of the whole warre. Chich thing beeing 

_ knowen vnto Quabacondono, he was fo troubled in mind euen befope he came to Nangoia, that 

ſuddenly hee con maunder the other Captaines to ſet ſayle from Ceuxima. But when Quaba. 

condono twas come to Nangois, and heard newes of the two Caſtles taken, and that Auguſtine 

Theigniicas purſuing the victorie proceeded on towards the Miaco that is to fap, The kingly titie of Coray, 

tion of Mixed, and was determinedto inuade the lame allo (all which Auguſtine himſelfe tote, and requeſted 

bim to fend the other captaines and commanders to allaple the kelngdom on all des, and to furniſh 

the caſtles which he had taken and ſhould take, with garifons of ſouldters, betauſe as pet he had not 

men enough to hold thoſe foztreſſes which he had wonne) be was ſurpzized with ſuch vnlpeakable 

top, as beaffirmed openly, chat in all lapan he had no lubtect comparable to Auguſtine: and that 

neither Nabunanga, no himſelfe euet knewe auy man indue d with fo valiant and touragious a 

mind, A(laith be) knowing agains whom and with what forces J waged warre, ſubdued bp litle 

and litle all Iapan vnto me: but Auguſtine info ſhoʒt a time and wirh ld {mall forces, hath boldely 

fet his loote in a foꝛren region, and with mot qloptous victory bath ſubdued the mightte kings 

dome ol Coray. LAlhere ode (quoth he) I will teward him with many kingdomes and wil make 

him next vnto my ſelfe the greatell Pꝛinte in all Iapan. hee added farther, that nom his owne 

ſonne feemen to bee rilen from the death; and that whoſoeuer durſt either dilgrate oz extenuate 

the deedes ol A guſtine, he would grieuouſip puniſh hint, not reſpecting whether hee did it vpon 

realon o ma.. By this ſpeach the name and report of Au ftine grew fo honourable amongtt 

all men, thatt use which molt enuier his eltate, durſt not ſpeake one ill woꝛde ol him, but highly 
coimmended him bekoze Quabacondono, N 

Che lena This king dome of Coray extendeth in length about 100. and in bredth so, leagues. And ale 

and biedth of beit the inhabitants in nation, language, and Krengch of body ( which maketh the beople ok Chi- 

oray. na to dzeab them) be different from the Chinians,pet berauſe they pay tribute to the king of Chi. 

na, and exerciſe traſfique with his fubiects, shep doe alter afore imitate the Lawes, apparell, cue 

Lomes, and gouernement al the Chinians, Chey border on one fide vyon the Tartars, and other 

nations wich whom fometimes they haue peace, and Cometimes warte: but withthe Chinians 

thep haue contintall peace, Cheyare ſpeciall good bow · men; but at other weapons, berauſe 


they haue but few, ann thole bad, they are nothing fo lhilfull, Therefore they are not compara 


ble to the laponians, who by reaſon of their warres are continually exertiled in armes, and are 

by nature moze couragious and valiant, being furniſhed with pꝛon-peeces, with lances, and 

with ertellent ſwozdes. Onely in ſhipping thep are inferiour to the Corayans and Chinians, by 

reaſon of the hugeneſſe of their Ships which they vle vpon the fea, Tbevefore, ik they were to 

Che people os fopnebattels by lea, there is no doubt but that both she fozelayde Mattons would be too hard fog 

Cony and Che them. But now becaule they knewe nothing of the comming ok the Iaponian armie, o fop that 

thiping.ipen they doubted chat their ſea-foztes weretheſtronger, oz els tiecaule Goo was determined to pu 

dep ot lapan. nilh them, he luffered them ta be deftitute ok all the defence of their ſhipping, fo that the Taponians 
without any refitancelanded vpon their Dominions, 1 85 

Nou the kame of Auguſtines victoꝛp caufing the armie notably to increate, and the Mariners, 

nd Many others which carpes burthens (as they were trained vp in watre from their childhood) 


bearing armes, while the Cora yan taptiues ſupplied their baler offices t ſo great a terrour pots - 


ſeſled all che people of Coray where Auguftine came, that all the caſtles and fortreties which hee 
paſſed by were koꝛſaken by their garifons, and all men fled fop refuge to the pꝛinctpall city, And 
while other commanders and Chꝛiſtians ſent from Ceuxima and Nangoia ſhaped their courſe for 
Coray, Auguſtine had pitthed his campe nere unto the kope aid pꝛinttpali cities of che which be« 
ing come within z. dayts iourncp, be was encountered by 20000. men; whom at the very frit af 
Cault , hauing ſlaine 3000. of them hee put to flight. But appꝛoching very neere vnto the citie, 
and hauing paſler a tiuer, bee muintainen a valiant conflict at a certaine narrow paſlage 
$0000, Corayans, 8000, whereof were Haine, and a great number drowned in the riuer. Decve 
while Auguſtine appointed all bis troopes to remapne fo) two dayts. to the end they night ſome 
cheringor What relteſh eber wearie limmes, the king of Coray ſeeing himlelfe belege by bis enemie, 
Corayfeeth und that many other eee eee eee bis kingdome on all lides, vee 


a termine d to haue bis cite lirengehened with guricans, and torttite W 
. N Pye 


Coray. 
e their con · 
ines but pet 
to the Caps 
any ne wes 
tion among 
bing beeing 
ingoia,that 
en Quaba· 
 Auguftine 
eof Coray, 
d tequefteo 
wio kurniſh 
tthe had not 
nfpeakable 
e: and that 
uragious a 
ued by litle 
ath boldely 
gbtte hinge 
dwil make 
w his owne 
2 extenuate 
did it vpon 
le amo 

but highly 


8. And als 
Abt 
ng of Chi- 
patell, cu⸗ 
and other 
¢Chinians 
3, berauſe 


tcompara . 


8, and are 
mes, and 
inians, by 
ey were to 
oo hard foz 
62 for that 
ined to pus 
laponians 


Pariners, 
chilobood) 


trrour pote - 


‘which bee 
city, And 
courte for 
which be« 
rp lirſt al⸗ 
the cttie, 
16 
PB id 
ght ſome⸗ 
g enemie, 
fives, bee 
in- land of 
China. 


Lhe ftate of Coray. Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


China, Thich by reaſon of the abundante of hozſes that he had, he was able right commodioul⸗ 
lp toperfomme. Il hereupon the ſerond op third bay after, Augultine without any teliſtauce ene 
tred the hean-city , being pꝛelented with great Bore of victuals and gifts by them that remained 
therein, Thus Augultine, with other capraines his alloctates, became 1020 of the pꝛinc pall citte, 
and wonne all the honour of the victogp vnto himlelke: foz albeit by this time the other captaines 
were come from Ceuxima,and many trom Nangoia, pet they found all things performed to the ir 
hands. ee 

Quabacondono being aduertiſed of this ſetond vlctoip, peelded as much honour vnto Augue 
Hine ashe cauld poſſibly seutle, (peaking fo highly to the commendation bothok him, and of other 
Cayraines his allociates, aa if but che tench part of his faire pꝛomiles come to effect they ſhall 
be karre greater then they are, and Augultine ( next vnto himlelke) Wall be the pꝛincipall perſon 
in all lapan. And now he is become io famous in the Court and thꝛoughout the whole king⸗ 
dome ot lapan, that at all their meetings ano allemblies there is no talke but onelp ok the va⸗ 
lour and fotitude of Augultine, who in twentie dapes ſpace bath ſubdueb fo mightie a kings 
dome to the Crowne ok lapan. And all the Mobles account him a moſt happy man, being allo⸗ 
niſhed at the nmoꝛtall renowme which he hath attained vnto by this exploite: pea, and Quaba- 
condono fent foꝛthwith vnto him, as vnto the conguerour and vanqulſher of the Corayans, in tas 
Ken of great honour,a wa. edged (woz0 and ahorle, which among the laponians is a pledge of 
the matt peerelelſe honour that can poſſibly be done to a man: and this very gilt did Nabunanga 
iu times pa lend vnto Quabacondono, when hee had in any battel wonne anp kingdome from 
Maiindono, And by this great euent the power of the Chpitiang God, and his pꝛouidence tos 
wards his chilozen is knowen not onelp to the Chziſtians, but euen to the very Echnicks them⸗ 
ſe.ues, fo2 that in ihe heate of (uch extreme perfecution it hath pleafen bis diuine Paieſtie to 
lay the honour of all this warre vpon Chziſlian loʒds. Aherefoze we doubt not, but they wil poue 
mae mighty and famous then euer they were; ; 

Hence it commeth co pale chat the Wortugals thip conte from China, bath wintered in Iapan: 
by which occalion the prefence of the kather Uiſitour hath bene a great comfort not onely to vs, 
but to all the other Chrttiang, who in regarde of the departure of lo many men with Quabacon- 


dono and his captaines to the warres, thought they Mould haue bene lekt vtterly fozlaken and 


dellitute, had not the kather U iſitour, in whom they repoled all their confivence; remapned here. 
But the lingular prouivence and lowe of God towards vs appeared in this, that hee would haue 
the ſapd Ship, contrary to their vluall cuſtome to winter int apan. $02 when Qaabacondono 
hauing obteined that victopic, was determined to teturne vnto Kimo, they were all ſhiowded vn⸗ 
der the pꝛotection of the kozelayd Father; who hearing that hee was entred tuto Nangoia, cau⸗ 
fed Frier lohn Rodori gues and the gouernour of the Portugal Hip to ſalute and welcome bim. 
Foꝛ the Chꝛidians of Miacd, which {ucceeden in their roomes that went for Coray, aduiſed him 
in their letters lo to doe. 5 
And it was very acceptable to Quabacondono to ſee the Poztugals captatne General atten⸗ 
ded vpon by ſo many Poꝛtugals ſumptuoullp attired, and comming with lo manp thippes in the 
company of Frier lohn Rodoriguez: and hee atken the Ftier how the kather Uiſttour did: And 
whetzer the pꝛelents to the Aire rop liked him! As alfo, that hee tooke it in very good part that 
the Father had wintered in lapan, and that the Frier ſybuld Cap with hint. Afterward writing an 
aul were to the father, he declared therin che great fauour which he boze to the captaine of the hip. 
hom, hauing familiarly eutertained him koꝛ the {pace of 2. houres, bee dilmilled with cudent ; 
tokens of good will. After the Captaines returne, Frier Rodoriguez ſtaping behinde aboue a 
moneth, attempted very often to ſpeake with Quabacendono, of whom hee was alwapes mot 
kindlp vfcd, Afterward by realon of ſicknelle hee returned to Nangaſaque; whereupon Qua- 
bacondono demaunded why he was not cured at the lame place where himlelke remained’ la- 
cuiao anſweted, that beeing a ſtranger, hee was to bee cited with ſuch diet and medicines, 
as were not there to bee had: with which anſwere hee was ſatillled, Pence it is, that by ol 
tenconferences ich were made by realon of the amballage, Quabacondono waxeth euerp 
dap moe Courteous and affable, And yet fo; all this, new occaſions of troubles and afflictio . 
Are nut cura: fo> esrtaine it is, chat Quabacondono bath giuen out, that it he haue good free 
with his warre againg China, he will make great alterations of eſtates, in alſigning the hinge 
bomesof Coray and Chinato the Chꝛiſtian princes, and placing in their roomes Ethnick loꝛdeg 
thzaaghout Iapan: which thing might revound to the ruine and deſtruction of all Chꝛiſtiani⸗ 
tie heere, neither ſhould the Chriftians nde in lapan any place of refuge. And albeit Au- 
guſtiue had certainlꝑ inkoʒmed the father Gilitctit of the fapve alte ration ok eftates, and we 
Cece 4 a 


859 


Ilands neere 
vnto Coray. 


Bn Se nan —— — 
The Engliſn Voyages, &c. The ſlate of (orgy. 
had wultten vnto Augultine, that Quabacondono had fully determined to alter the fates 0} go⸗ 
uernments of Ximo, and lo conſequently the ſtate of Auguſtine, and of the Chpiltian princes of 


Arima and Omura; pea, and that the ſatd two princes had notice thereof: pet almightie God with 


the eyes of his infinite mercy hath vouchfafen to regard the prayers of his faithlull ſeruants (who 
fo this taule were moft perplered and fogowfull) and to pꝛouide this remedie following, 

The Corayans hauing intelligence, that their king and the kozces which hee cavied with him 
were in lafety, went the greateſt part of them, with as much victuals as they could get, and hidde 
themfelucs in the mountains and woods, remaining there with ſuch hate and indignation againſt 
the Iaponians, that with pꝛomiſe of lake conduct they could by no meanes be dꝛawen out ot their 
ſtarting holes. Ttherefore albeit she laponlans haue all the caſtles and places of defence in cheir 
owne poſlelſion, yet becauſe they want people to tille the ground, and to doe them other necef.rp 
ſeruit es, they cannot chuſe but koꝛgoe all that which tbey haue woon. Mozeouer, the common higb 
wapes are ſo peſtered with theeues and murtherers, that vnlelle the laponians march in whole 
troopes all together, they are ſuddenly oppzelled wich warmes of Corayans illuing fooꝛthok the 
woods. Many ofthe Corayans alſo haue retired hemſelues vnto the neighbour-ilands, from 
whence with numbers ok great ſhips, to the mighty loſle of the Iaponians, they alſaile their ſmall 
and we ake ones, and haue already ſunke m. ap of them. Ciherefore all the Iaponian loꝛds which 
remaine in Coray haue wzitten vnto Quabacondono, that his armp mutt for a certaine time in 
no wile remooue from the place where it is oz auoyding of (uch imminent dangers as in pꝛotee⸗ 
ding further it may incurre. Upon thele aduertiſements Quabacondono being ready to take his 
fourney to Coray, to diuide the “hole kingdome, was hiudzed from his purpole, and lent mot 
kriendly letters to all his nobles, willing them to be ok good cheere, foꝛ that he would not deale ae 
bout altering ok their ekates, till 3. peres were expired: whereupon they were eafedof exceeding 

great care and griefe. Fo albeit there is no great truſt to be giuen to his woꝛds, vet we hope thar 
this pere he wil not meddle: what he wil doe afterward, God knoweth. In Coray at this pꝛelent 
there are aboue 200000, laponian ſouldiers, who at the commande ment of Quabacondono are 
diuided throughout the whole kingdom. Auguſtine lieth vpon the very extreame krontiers ol Chi- 


A mighty rie na: but becaufe the Chinians ate ſeparated from the kingdome of Coray with a mighey riuer of 


uer of 3. leags 


boad. 


3 leagues bioav, and abound with great fhips, and haue planted innumerable troopes of men vp⸗ 


on the fore, the ſuccelle of the warre remayneth moft doubtfull and vncertaine. Neither doe wee 


know whether the Ia ponians will pꝛoceede anp farther this yeere oz no. 


The third ne, of Coray, ſignifying ( ae other nota. 


ble and politicall obferuations ) the later fucceffe of the warres of Zepan 
againtt Coray; and to what end Q wabacondono fill mainteineth gariſons in that king- 

dome. Cut of the Epiſtles of Father Organtino Brixiano, bearing date from Japan 
Auno 15 94. 


De whole Empire of Japan is now in the handes of this king Quabacondono: and ( which 
hath not bene knowen Fince the fir creation thereok) there is not the bꝛedth of one foote 
throughout all che whole Illand, which is not ablolutelp ſubiect vnto him. And hee reigneth in ſo 
great peace and tranquilitie, that it his ſucceſſoꝛs follow the fame courſe of gouernment, there is 
no likelihood ok future edition o7 perturbation in any of the kingdems. And doubtles the meanes 
pie oan continual peace aud concoꝛd among the Iaponians, are very great and 
effectuall. ; 

One is, that after he hath palled his publique promife, he neuer putteth any of his aduerlaricg 
to death, which his pꝛedeceſſdur Nabunanga performed not: for he hauing lubdued any kingdom, 
would put all the Lords and gouernours to the ſwoꝛd. But this king granteth vnto them not only 
like, but allo perelp reuenues, whereby to maintaine themlelues in au honeſt and meane eltate: in 
which regarde they all reſt contented, and willingly lubmit themſelues. 

Ano her is in that he hath brought the hul band men and pefants (by whoſe alliſtante ¢ wealth 
all the pety- Kingdoms were after a lot ſuſteined) vnto luch extreme pouerty, that they haue ſcarce 
wherewithall to keepe like and ſoule together: as like wile hee hach bereaued themz all kinde of 
Weapons. 

The third is. becaule bee hath mot ttreightly foꝛbidden all contentiong, ſeditions, frapes, and 
ſteirmiſhes. Foz whofoeuer be found culpable of this crime, they dye euery man ok them on both 
parties. A any eſtape by flight, their ainfefolks are puniſhe d in theit Mean; and foz lacke of them, 
their ſeruants; and toz delalt ol boch, their nert neighbours, I many were guiltp many are 1 75 

¢ 


2 * 


oray. 


lexi Tartari, Traffiques, and Diſcoueries. 


5 0} go⸗ fhedand ſulter death: but hence it commeth to pale, that many innocent perfons are conftramen 
inces of to die. And this ſeueritie is the caule, why there are at this pefent fo ſrwome frapes and conten: 
OD with tions in lapan. 
ts (who 
Lith him 
Nd hidde 
again 
ok their 
in their 
eteſſ. ry 
ion high 
n whole 
bof the 
, from 
ir ſmall 
18 which 
time in 
pꝛocee⸗ 
take his 
ent moſt 
deale ae 
ceeding 
ope that part ot lapan to another. 3 
pꝛelent The ſeuenth, foꝛ that bitte his foutdiers (beldes the opdinarie pap continually allotted vnte | 
ono are them lo thetr ſeruice) in time of warre hee allowed) victuals at his one coftes, Tiberof it cum · 1 
of Chi. meth to pale, chat bee ellecteth whatſoeuer her thinkes good by their meanes. Neither hath hee 1 
riuer of Hitherto wage any warre, wherein his cnemie was not banguithen, accopding to bis otune deſire: 1 
men vp⸗ this late warre of Chica ted, which farre ſurmountrd all his forces. Vowbeit in the qrewarreat 
doe wee Aae dare pen as yet great gariſons, as well to keepe his houour, as to con · asd 
nee Chines to ke al 
Theeighthis, iu chat he curbech annrettratmerh perfone of ambicious anv afpiring mines, 5 
nota. who (as bee coniectureth) after his veath might wopke fome muouations in the common wealth, a 
t Tapan o diſturbe the kingdomes. n 1 
2 The niuth is, becauſe hee hath on no five withty foure iy fine daes iourney ul Miacd, anp } 
10 1 W N ae i 
en The tench anvlattis, op that hee hath bought his peerelp reuenues to two millions of gold. 4 
By bhele courſes and meanes, wee are in good hope that firme peace will bee eltablichen in all 1 
(which theſe kingdomes, and allo chat a fit way will be prepared, foʒ the conuerfion of all the great lodes 1 
1 1 brite Chetttian religton. : | 
ethinfo 
chere is A briefe note concerning an extreme Northerne prouince of 
15 lopan called Zucgera, ſituate thirtie dayes iourney from Miacb, which 
l argueth the Ifle of Ian tobe of greater extenfion Notthward, then it is ordinatily g 
erfarice defcribedin maps, or ſuppoſed to be: together with mention of certaine nation of 
Adem Tartars called /exs inhabiting on the maine to the North of Chima, neuer heard of in 
0 0 aue theſe parts before: taken out of an Epiſtle written 15 9 6 from Zepan by Fryer Lass 
late: 10 Frois vnto Claudius eA quanina, &c, Printed in Latine at A ent in Germanie 1599. 
N Ot many vapes ago was baptized a tertaine honotrable perſanage tallep lohn 
wealth e Ka Vongui che fonne of Taigarandono, who ts gouernout᷑ of a certaine princes 
e ſcarce NS N dome fituate on che bowers of Iapan towardes the Ronth, being diſtant from 
kinde of g R Miacé chrrtte paves iournep. . 
; De. Be Sata te ten 
hes, and —wom s Taigorandono being che moſt Nyꝛtherly gouernour in all lopan hath 
on both traffique with the leri, who are a nation of Carcars, which from the maine continent relopt onto 
them, the Alle vr Matenmai, being about fwelte nf fiftvene jeagurs Diftant from the fozelayd Eütther- Ihr she at 
re 1 5 ly pincedome of Zuepara; where they fell liches, * and certame herbe 1 5 Mareumeds 
ed it Coes ca 


862 The Engliſh Voyages,é&c. Orders of the contrait.boufer 
36 — — aeeaeett 
ſea vſed by the Tape 8 fon fone, wich other {uch like commonicies, On che ober fine dhe ſald 
lea naten lezi Tartari bup of the Japonians, cloth to make them garments, with weapons and other inuru⸗ 
dlucüngen ments. Thele Cartars (chey lap) are a mot barbatous kinde of people, of a byotne colous, with 
tbecontment long balre on their beads aud heardes like the Molcoutes: thep line by hunting and Afhing , and 
LI neglect hulbandzy. This Moptherlp princcdome of Zuegara (es the ſapd geuctnour t opted to 
cloth. dur Fathers) abourieth with excellent grapes both black and white, which without ihe labour of 
man grow ype er ont be pꝛonulcv the Fathers to bing ome of dele vines to Mi- 

acd, chat they might be planted there. 


Aduertifements touching the fhippes that goe from Siuil to the 
ladies of Spaine together with fome notes of the Contractation houſe 
in Sul. 


pe pitor. BYE Our Pilot mult be examined in che Contra: ration houle, and allowed vy ſuch ag be ap⸗ 


pointed foz the examination of Pilots, that hee be a {ufficient man to take the charge in 
hand, and that which belongeth thereunto, and to gouerue and lead the fame thip directly 
is ouely commandement to luch poꝛts as are tonuenient for the voyage that hee tas 


the patter thal take aber that chere be futicient 
marchant thall fend to her: 


Che wine. purt age account ofall {uch goods, 
pe chat pefent vopage, as 


| ARomage, The Pater mutt poulde a perfect mariner called a Remager, toraunge, and beftos all mar: 
0 chandtze in luch place as is conüenient: and chat it be not put in place, where il map periſh (07 lack 
that it be nat fall ſure, and die, accopbing to the qualitte and fome of the ſayd marchandize. 
CEuen it is all beltowed, and the duppe able to beare no moze, then a mariner called thy toms 
Che spaners termaſter, op Malters mate, hath charge to locke falt the hatchts, that none of the marchants 
ee wines, on oples, of auy other kind df marchandize be robber op ſpoyled by the mariners, And ikit 
fortune that any bee fo ſpoyled, then the mariners are to pay for it out of the thir part of all ihe 
Tue chiete whole fraight of che chippe that doch appertaine to the ſayd marchants. ; 
, Zudore ofthe The ſſthippe being leden, goeth to the port wherehente the failerh to gor towards the Indies cal⸗ 
bee led S. Lucar, and there one of the chiefe Judges of the Contractation houlc commeth potunc to 
Milka, 2 diſpatch thethippes chat goe together in that fleete. And that Judge goeth abourd euery thip, and 
ners. wich him hee doch carrie an expert mariner op two called Uilitoꝛs of the thippes, to know whether 
the ſayd thippe op thips be well tatkled: whether they haue men lufficient: and in tuery ſhip euery 
mans name is taken, and if he haue any marke in the fare, oꝛ hand oz arme. it is witten by a Nota⸗ 
rie (as well as his name) appertaining to the Contractation houte appointed for iheſe cauleg. Al⸗ 
fo che Malter is bound to bing backe euerp mariner againe, and to leaue none behinde him there, 
bpon great panes, unleſle he be a palſenger appointed bp the King at the court, aud bzngeth his 
e Hrs Ran ee purpole, wel 
menno, The ſhip mut be well appotten wich opdinance of bzalle, and pron,actording to The overs of 
bedenke their boule, of that chere mutt tome nothing, aud cuctp Rip is appainies accowbing, wher durthen 
in all kinde of artillerte, as peeces of bꝛalſe and pꝛon, hand- guns, crolbowes, pikes, ſmoꝛds. bage 
| gers targets, mo fop all opoinance double thot, wich poluner, wich new cables and ankers lui 
ent for the vopage. Aud mopeotiet it ig opvciney, that the thippes batte nouble fatles, that is, that 
they ber theo faplen , anv mozeouer all newe faples of fope-Laple, aud maine-faple, 1 40 


— 
22 
the fain 
inuru⸗ 
ur, wich 
, and 
ozted to 
ibour of 
to Mi. 


o the 
houſe 


be ap: 
arge in 
directly 
hee tas 


h as be 
d, if the 
n, chen 


ges, as 
d in the 
default 
arinerg 
ng aud 


Orders of the ( ontracl. houſe. Traffiques, and Diſcouer 842 


— eerie 
and bonnet newe made, and kept in ſome dielat oz chest in the fame ſhip; that if the weather ta! 
che ont from them, the other may be in readines. f N 
Euery thip mutt haue their matter fwopne before thefapd Judge ofthe Contratacton, chat all .... 
this is in a rtavineſſe in the ſhippe, av allo ſo Many ne we pipes of freth water, lo munp butten of | „ Von 
Good tackt wine, lo me ny kintals of bread, fo many iarres of ople, ſo many tarres 07 Borijas t ö 
bineger, fo much fleth, fo much lich, and ſuch quantitie of euery kinde of victuall, as che burchen; 
the hhippe requireth, wherein euery thippe actopding to her greatnelle ig appointed by The omi. 
nances of the Houle : Allo ſo many gunners, fo many marin: rs, ſo manp gromottes, fo many 
pages, and ſo mau fouldiers, Thin all thele aloꝛeſaſde matters being under Negilter by the noe 
tarie and all things prepared for the voyage, the Judge doech command the matters to hoyle vp 
the parda arrolſe bute the howndes ol the maltes and many times . it they perceiue the ſhipye ta be 
walty and ouerladen, as many couetous matters doe, then hee hangeth the boatcs in the ſoze and 
maine tackle, to fee whether the ſapd thippe will make any helde downewarde in laying downe her 
ſide: il ſhe boc helde, he tommandeth barkes abourd, to diſcharge her ol uch lading as is thought : 
to be too much in her: and there tau no hip Depart befoze they carp the Regilter of che laid Judges, a — 
howe that thee goeth by their oꝛder: and eucrp ſhippe cariech her owne Regitter, and in the Regis 
Her the quantitie of al the goods that are laden in her and if there be anp moze goods, chey be forfap: 
ted in the Indies, boch ſhippe a goods. a 1 " 
The matters are bound tokeepe the courſe chat the Admiral doeth leade » ANB cuery ſbippe to che no hips 
follow her, and ſhee mut goe alwapes in the Bea beloze all the reſt of the ficete, and by nigbt carp man u to 
light that all may knowe where the goeth. The viceadnurall mutt come behinde all, aun la euery in dune of 
ſpippe in the flecte befoye her if any be dof lapie, all are boimde to fie their Caples in ſuch onder, that ce. 
they goe no fatter then the doeth. 
The Admiral any che viceadmirall I iene laden, but very well armed of men, and 
actillery,thpee times double and moe then any of haue: betauſe ther: nay heiy tu defend 
all che reſt, i neede doe require: and the dean freight of chele two hippes 1s alwapes bonne vpon 
the whole goods that are laden in che fleete, as allo at the leaſt there be two hundzed ſouldiers in e⸗ 
tery ol thele two ſhippes befines the matinerg, great gunners, gromettes, and otherofficerg. 
The vopages ber ſo appointed, that alwapes they Joe and come in the beſt ol Semmer, and 
bee there all the winter in the ponte to diſeharge their lading and recharge backe againe, 
The hips that are Admirall and vice amirall be ueither the greateſt Nor che lmalleſt thippes, 
but of z Hundgeth op 4 hundrech tunnes at the molt: but they be very good faplerg, and ſtrong, cho⸗ 
fen lo che purpole, to faple well and to beare good ſtoꝛe of oꝛdinance. In chele two ſhippes are al⸗ 
sans ong and comming, two good kuights men ol warre, and Captaines aud fouldiers ers 
pert in the warres. f ö 
And in cuery other hip in a Captaine, which ruleth in all cautes of cantrouerſie, tain un genen, 
the fea; the Jorlordivectech onelp in gouerment and Weaving the (yippe to her pot, a fights l 
Allthe Captaines, Malters, Pilote, Marpners, and pailingers, and all others bee abedient 
to the two ſhippes / o aypoynted to patte: they doe, as in all other commandements inbat is by 
them appoynted, haumg power to hang, 07 doe any iuſtice vpon any man, as to them ſeemeth : 
Food at ſea and this is the lalt cammandement vpon payne of deach it e General pleaſe. : 
Concerning the Contractation houle, there are therein fire Judges of che higheſt fore, Site Judge, 
There ave vificours of ſhippes, as it is ſapd beloze, to fee whether the ſhiys goe in over well, gone bi- Se 


and ſülkirient in al things: and what mamer of men the Matter of the thips aud Mülotg ave,whe: Ehe aer of ae 


ther they be able to anſwere to all ſuch articles, as the reader is able to obiecte nto them, in mat⸗ rhearteof Ad. 
ters Of J2auigation : if they be not founn fufficient hey are not abmittcd to take charge. nigation, 
_ Shemaiter muult knowe whether the chip belülltctendiy calken, tacklen, and furnitheb in ail 
rhings accopbingly, as with mates, faplea, cables, akers, and all other necellary furniture: 
that at ſuch time as anp ok the higbiudges with their oꝛdinary vilitourg appointed for fuch caules N 
Boe come, there be nothlng found out of nder wp lacking arconding to The booke of avers. which Theboake st | 
euerp thippe proportionable to her burthen ought to haue, which is not yaknowen tu auy ok the m Swan 
matters, being in waiting common among them: aud all the charge giuen to the, Matter and j,i: pet an 
lot ferueth onely to conduct the thip from poreto pene, — nun e 
„Ehe counter Patter, op matters mate is obrdient in all things whereunto her ſball bee coms 3 
manded by the mater and Ellote, nd at big commandement are all the maryners of the ſhip. 5 | 
The Hhippes commonly goe deeper from Spaine, then our ſhippes dae in anp vopage, 


a 5 } ti The 


lead. 


864 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. The — Span. pilots. 


The order of the (arena giuen to the ſhips that go out of Spaine, 
to the Indies. 


the ttrengthening of a thippe, as with 3 toh 
aud chat hinve of calling is not vſrd, as ours is here in England: but Get befoge they put in any 
threeve of octam, they with tertaine crooked prong, with an hammer in one hande, and the croo⸗ 
altre, eee in the Shippe the voy. 
befone,and new, 
9 Arche ſenme of the ſhippe be woꝛne to any brevth, an many olde ſhippes be, by reafon of of 
— — that there is clapt a piece of catte leave, napled vou the n 
feame with naples, which leade is caſt a handes bzedth, and as thinne as may bee lo the 


ſuame , md at euery voyage it is taken olf and renued, and by that meanes their ſbippes art 


very Ranch a peere op two. 


Cpe Came s The Careneto q the Cather noeth giue in ſuerties, chat tf che ſhippe fo calt ouer, as they 


doe commonly ble to taſt chem, in ſuch fort as any man map goe dpe vpon che keele, as A haue 

done, and without any butte, pipe, o7 any other kinde of timber vnder her fives, mone then with 

of tones in her, made within certaine timber as though it were a cheſte; anv 

with the the Carenero doeth bring her as hee will, high and low, leaning, oz rpfing: and if 

ſhee miltarrie in her Carena, then is the Carenero bound if it bee either bp fire, water, og inking, 
op aup other miſfogtune to pap foꝭ the valem of the ſhip. 

The Catena ofa ſhippe of one hum ird Yunnes being vone fo ſuchſtanttally ag they vfe to doe 
it, will coſt two hundzed , of t tunnes, foure hunden Duckets, of hace huw 
pico tunnes, {ire huudtd Duckets,and 33 ol the Sipe, 

It would be done here in England fo; one third part of the money by reaſon that the netelſa · 
ties that gos to it ave better cheape here by much, and the calkers farre better cheape by two parts, 

Chis Catena map not be giuen at anp hand but in a riuer where no tempel can arife, as in 
this riuer of London in ſuch a plate, where at al times the ſayd thip may ride allote: it may not be 
pone in ap dangerous harbour, where the winde may bring vp the waues of the Dea, neither 
where the Sea map heaue anv ſet. 

Che calking of Siuill is ſo ſubſtantiallp done, chat in one day one catket voech not throughly 
calkepatt one parde and an halle in one feame, oz two pardes at the moſt, and to that he doeth, the 
matter calker is at hand to ouerſee him, and this done, the Carencro docth with his ballaſt {ct her 
vmꝛight, and ſo thee beginnech to lade. é 


Examen de los maeftros y Pilotos, que nauegan en las flotas 
de E/panne para las Indias del mar oceano, eſerito por Pedro Dias Pi- 
loco, natural de la Ifla de la Palma, 1386, 


y ſufficiente para fer Piloto, y como es natural delosReynos De Efpanna; y que no es de ca- 
ſta de Moto, ni Iudeo,ni Negro, : 

Y hecha la enformacion, preſenta la al Piloto mayor, I viſto el Piloto maior laenfor- 
mac ion ſer buena, manda que el Cathedratico Rodrigo Zamorano lo admita a la Cathe- 
dra. V alli ſe juntan a vezes quatorze o quinze que pretendé examinarfe, y acuden alli a vns 
caſa, que El Cathedratico tiene para aquello efeto, a las ocho de la mannana, y eftan dos 
oras, y otras dos a la tarde, El Cathedratico tiene por coſtumbre de leer en la Cathee 
dra vnaora, y otra ora ocupan en preguntarſe los vnos a los otros muchas cofasconue- 
nientes a la arte de nauegar en prefencia del Cathedratico, I el que no reſponde a propo- 
fito, El Cathedratico le emienda, y le dize de la manera que es cada cofa. L eſle eftudio 
dura dos meſes, en los quales no ha de falear de is dos vezes al dia como tengo 1 


a . CL: ͤ ——.— —— — 


- . 11 ‘ * * 9 
rilots ‘The examin. of Span. pilots. Tratfiquesand Diſcoueries. 86 ; 
i de ſpues de auet odo la Cathedra e(tos dos meſes, van a la Sala del Examen, que es en la La Sata del exe 
Spaine, Conrratacion, Wallic ha el Piloto mayor, y los de mas pilotos, qui ſon por lo menos veinte . 
cinco y alli eſtando todos aſſentadus pot tu orden, manda el Loto mayor, que lean las eu- 
ltr the f formaciones ; y deipues de auer leidas las enformaciones o teftimonios, pregunta el piloto 
title, as maior al lot y maelito, que fe quiere examinar , de que parte de las Indias fe quiere exami- 
taining to nar? ¥ luego np teſponde, que de Nueua Efpanna,o de Nombre de Dios. Y otros, que 
ber fines; no fon platicos de eſtas tiertas, den, que de Santo Domingo, y Puertorico,y Cuba. Y lue- 
put in any go demanda el Piloto maiot, que tienda la carta en la mefa, y en prefencia de los demas pilo- 
the eros: tos parta de la barra de San Lucar para las i/las de Canaria, y ‘alli para las Indias, hafta lle- 
the bop: gat aaquella parte de donde fe examina,y buelue para Elpanda r cornaralaBarradeSan Lu- 
cat, de donde partio. 
fon of ofe Vel Piloto mayor le pregunta,Que fiyendo nauegando por la mar le dieſe yn viento con- 
d tratio, que remedio haria para que iu nao no trabajaſſe tanto en lamar? Yel le reſponde lo 
dee fon the mejor que ende. Luego le pregunca vnode los pilotos por las reglas del Sol,y de la Eſtrel- 
ippes are la del norte, y que cuenta le haraen odo ciempo del anno? A lo qual ha de reſponder el piloto 
que fe examina a todo aquelloque e pte guntaten. Y luegole pregunta otro por las ſennas 
„ a8 they : de las tietras que eftuuieren en e camino, hafta llegar al puerto de donde fe examina, Y luego 
18 J haue pregunta otto, que fi con tormenta ſe le quebraſſe los aiboles, Que remedio haria? V otros le 
| preguntan, Que fila nao abtieſſe vn agua, a donde peligraffen las vidas, queremedioharia pa- 
bette; and ta tomarla eon menos rieſgo? V otros le preguntan, que file faltaſſe el timon, que remedio 
ing: and il hatia? V otros le preguntan por la cuenta de la Luna, yde las mareas? V otros le preguntan, 
5 „ Que ſi lo tomaſſe vn cotſario, y lo dexaſſe fin carta y fin aſtrolabio, y otros inſtrumentos para 
a tomar la altura del Sol y de la Eſtrella del norte, que orden tendria para hazer los? Otros le 
vſe to doe pteguntan otras preguntas neceſſatias a va matinero, que quiere fer piloto. A todo eſto eſta 
thace bau attento, reſpondiendoa todo. Y deſpues que todos le an preguntado todo lo neceſſario, le 
mandan que falga fuera de la ſala, paraque a ſolas dé cada vno ſu boto debaxo de iuramento 1 
be netella · en vn libro, que prometen de dezir verdad. V luego ponen dentro de vn vaſo de plata, que alli lecion delos 1 
two parts. elta para aquel efeto, tantas hauas,y tantos garuan gos, como ai pilotos dentro de la ſala: „ 
arife, as in cada yno pot ſu orden ; y el que le parece que es fufficiente, faca yna haua, y el que le parece, 
nay not be que no lo ¢s,facavn gatuanco, V deſpues que todos an ſacado, mita el piloto mayor los bos 
a, neither tos que tiene ; y fi halla que tiene tantos botos en ſu fauor como en contrario » Manda que ha- 
ga otro viaje: y fi tiene mas botos en ſu fauor que en contrario, luego le dan vna carta delexae Cartadel en- 
throughly men firmada del piloꝛo mayor,y del Cathedratico, y del Eſcriuano, y ſellada con el fellode la ben. 
doeth, the Contratacion. Y teniendo eſſa carta, luego da de preſente al piloto mayor, y al Cathedratico, 
lat {et her para guantes y gallinas, cõforme que cada vno puede, que es de ordinatio dos otres ducados. 
Y luego fe puede concertar por piloto en qualquier nauio que quiſiere, para aquella parte dea 
donde ſe examino. V fihallare en las Indias algun nauio que tenga piloto no examinado, lo 
s lotas puede botar fuera,y venit el piloto examinado en el nauio por el mifmoconcierte que el otro 
, pilototenia hecho. 
Dias Pi- Suelen lleuar los pilctos de partido y concierte por vn viaje de yr y boluer, conforme que sueldo de led 
es el nauio. Si es de cientotonelladas, dozientos ducados, y dozientos y cinquentaʒ y fi es de Pilotos, 
ſo de Chi · quatrocientas o de quinientas, lleua de partido quinientos o quinientos, y einquenta ducados: 
lente para yſi es mayor, lleua mas partido : y mas, todos los dias que eſtuuiere en tierra, quatro reales 
para ſu comida, V las naos grandes ſiempre lleuan los pilotos mas viejos, porque ſon mas ex- 
3 marine. perimentados y mejores pilotos que los mangebos, que comiencana naue gar, y a ſer pilotos. 
opteſente El piloto no tiene mas trabajo ni mas euidado que en l nauegacion : porque los maeſtros Ee 
matinero, de los nauios tienen cuidado de fretar,y aderecar fus naos,y pagar a los marineros, y hazer to- ö 
o es de ca- do lo que es meneſter para ſu nao: porque el piloto no viene a la nao, ſi no es quando los viſi- 
tadores vienen a vifitarla, fi tiene todo lo neceflario para el viage. hs 
t laenfor- Los vificadores fon quatrohombres qui eftan pueſtos por el rey, y eftos fon hombres muy tos quatto .. 
la Cathe. entendidos, y vienen a vifitar los nauios, antes que tomen carga, por ver fi eſtan bien aderega- tadores,y facts © 
nalliavng dos para hazer el viage. V deſpues que eſtan los nauios corgados, n vez a viſitar- 
eſtan dos los, por ver ſi tienen todas las cofasneceffatias, conformea la premaneai 5 f tienen todos los Prematta, 
ia Cathee marineros, y battimentos, y poluere,y artilleria, y balas, y todo lo de mas neceſſario para el vi- 
as conue⸗ zje. V fialguna cofa les falta, les mandan con graues penas que lo compren, antes que ſal- 9 
e propo. gan del puerto. : l 
(te eftudio Suclen lleuar los nauios que van a las Indias vn efcriuano que tiene cargo de tomar por me- S y 
ago dicho, noriatodaslas mercaderias que ſe cargan en la nao, y tomar las inatcas, para porellas entte- 


1 dee 15 20 i gar 


866 The Enghith Voyages, &c. 7 he examin. of Span.pilots. 


gat la cargaa ſus duennos, deſpues de auet acabidotu vlaje: y firue tanbien,Givn hombre caetie 
enfermo,para hazer teftamiento y otros recaudos que je fuelen hazer delante vn eſeiluano: y 
gana por ſu fucldo en vn viaye tanto como dos matineros. 5 
pia ero nauio Tiene el general de las flotas por coſtumbre, deſpues que llega a las Indias, de embiar yn 
sen nauio de auilo, para dar relacion al tey, de como ha lie gado. J defpues que eſtan preftas para 
ae gonde nue partir, de ſpacha otro nauio de auilo, para hazer telacion, de como eſtan ya preſtas para partir, 
de auilo. con otras particularidades. ‘ 
Dos 8800 0 Van en las flotas dos naos grandes, la vna por Capitana,y la otra por Almiranta, cada vna de 
gucria, ſeiſc ientas y de fictecientas ionelladas, que no lleuan mas que baſtimentos y ſoldados para de- 
fenſa de la cemas flota: y lleua cada vna como docientos ſoldados: y cftas fe pagan de las mere 
caderias que vicnen ca la flota a vno por ciento,y algunas vezes a vuo y medio por ciento, 


Ay en lacafade la ( ontratacion de Seuilla vna tabla que ſirue de Arancel, 


eſcrita con letras de oro; en que flan aualiadas todas las mercaderias que fe em bar- 
can para las Indias, . 


Ne ſtatabla fe puede ſaber quantas botijas hazen vna tonellada de vino y quantos 
2 <= quintales y quantos bariles, y quantos coffres fea vna tonellada. 
todas mercaderias eftan alli taxadas, para pagar los derechos al rey, y el flete 
wi” al maeſtro. ; 
Valli efta pueſto, que ningun maeſtro puede lleuar a las Indias ningun paffagero, ni frayle, 
ni clerigo, ni otras perfonas, ni eſtranieros de los reynos de Efpanna,fin licencia del Rey. 
Y mas, que no puede lleuat mercaderias fuera de la Prematica, y todo lo que lleuaren, lo 
lleuentegiſtrado, ſo pena de la vida. 
mas, que ningun maeftro ni piloto puede lleuar inſtrumentos que no ſean firmados 
por el prloto mayor ¶Alenęo de Chiaues,y el coſmografo Cathedratico Roderigo Zamorano: 
como ſon la carta, el aſtrolabio, la baleſtilla, y el regimiento. 
Vas, que yendo en la compannia de la flota, obedeſean al General, y no hagan mas de lo 
que el mandare,fo pena de la vida. 


The ſame in Englifh. 


The examination of the Maſters and Pilots which ſaile in the 


Fleetes of Spaine to the ef? Indies: Written in the Spaniſn tongue by Fe- 
dro Dias aSpanith pilot taken by Sir Richard Grinule 1585. 5 


Irſt they make ſuit vnto the Pilot maior ( who at this pꝛeſent is called Alonęo 
de Chiauez) that he would admit them to examination, becaule thep are naturall 
\ Spantards, and lufficient fo; the lame. 

ereupon the Pilot maior commandeth the party to be examined, to giue ine 
Che witnerte = on Copmation that be is a mariner, and well pꝛattized in thoſe parts, about which hee 
ol fue o rlze “a oS deſireth co be examined. And then immediatly he bꝛingeth fine oꝛ fire pilots bes 
pilots, beloze examined to giue teſtimonie that he is a good mariner, and {ufficient to become a pilot, that 

beis a Spantard boꝛne, and that he is not ol che rate of the Moozes, It wes, oz Negros. 
A Hauing made this inkoꝛmation, hee pꝛeſenteth it vnto the Pilot maior. Ann the Pilot maior 
| nidhentorye leeing the inkoꝛmation to be good, willeth the kings publique reaver of nauigation ( who is now 
W oF the Roderigo Zamorano) to admit him ta his lectures. CAhither there doe refort foureteenc oz ſik⸗ 
Eyppeare terne perſons that deſire to be eraminen and they come to a certaine houte which the kings teas 
berg lectures der hach ar poiuted vnto him ko the fame purpoſe. at eight ok the clocke in the mozning: and then 
wo hautes they ſtayt wo houres, and two houres like wiſe in the afternoone: in one of which houres Zamo- 


i r rano readech vnto them, and in the other they al ke one another menp particulars concerning the 
Tei diſputa · art ok nauigat ion in the prefence of the laid kings reader: and him that anſwerech not to the pure 


nen e pole the ſayd reaver inſtructeth moze perfectly, and telleth him how euery thing is. And this ereve 


art ofnauga⸗ 


von before the ciſe tontinueth two monechs, during which time the examinates mutt not falle to bee pꝛeſent 


bd iathir twile in a day, as is afszeſaid. pot 
moveratour, And hauing heard the kings reader thole vivo moneths, they reſozt then vnto The hall of ere 
A enen r arnination which is in the Contraccation houle, where there are alſembled the Pilot maior and 


e pata orber pots coche numberof 25 at che Lead; mj al ring chere in opdet, the Pilot ner 
demandeth 


eR Pees AME ͤ v 


— — — TT A A ID . 

868 The Engliſh Voyages, &c. 7 he examin.of Span.pilots. 
—— — .—ß5— . — OS en —— 

vnn dinance, and all other things necellary fo the voyage. And ik they want any thing, they charge 
them vpon grieuous penalties, to pꝛouide the fame befope they fet out of the hauen. 

The ſhips that goe to the Indies are wont eche of them to haue with them a Not arie, whofe 
charge is to keepe a note of remembꝛance of all the marchandize which is laven in the ſhip. and ta 
take the marks thereof, therby to deliuer the commodities in the ſhip to their particular owners, 
alter they haue finithen their voyage, and he ſerueth like wiſe to make willes, and other inftrus 
ments, which are wont to be made by a Motarie, if any man chanceth to kalllicke. And his wages 
in eche voyage is as much as the wages of two mariners, 
ö The Generall of the fleetes vleth continually, after hee is arriued in the Indies, to ſend into 
Ahe bark Spine abarke of Auiſo, ta aduertile the hing ok the Rate of his atettall : Ann after the fleetes be 
, Chetecond, ready to tome home, hee diſpatcheth another pinnelle of Auiſo to certifie them how the fleetes 
: are now ready to fet ſaile, wich other particularities, There go with the fleetes two great thips, 

the one as Admiral the other as Uiceadmirall, ok the burthen of 400 o) 500 tunnes, whith carry 

nothing but vittuals and ſouldiers for the wakting of the rel ofthe fleece, and theſe are payn out ol 
the marchandize, which come in the fleete, after the rateok one in the hund zed, and ſometime at 

one and an halle in the hundzed. oe i a 44 


AIEEE TE TOTS 


There is in the Contractation houfe of Siuila table which fers « 
ueth for an Arangel, or table of rate or taxation, written in letters of gold, 
herein the values of all kind of marchandize, which are embarqued for the Indies ate 
. ſet donne. 
this table a man map know how manp Botijas og iarres make a tunne of wine, oz 
Dy 1 N gga 02 how many quint als. o hota many barrels op how manp chefs 
e make a tunne. 28 
5 Ann all marchandize haus their rates ſet do wne . to pap the king bis cultomes, and 
Matter his due kraight. N * 
Ano cherein is let up in tnpiting that no Malter may carry anp pallenger to the Indies, withs 


* 77 
3 N 


ont licence, elpecially no learned men, nop any kryer, oi elergyman nor ai body elſe without lis 


tente ak the king ꝛ no any ſtrangers not bozue in the kingvomes ol Spaine, f 
Popeouer, chat they map not carry away any marchandize not v inthe kozeſald o wers, 
vnder pine of death: and that all good which they carry with them, they ought to carry the 
fame regittren ; vnder paine of death. : has 
ener Furthermore , that no Pater noz Pilot may reo he choices ee hg 
© "+ \ Gaffe nog regiment , without they bee ſigned and ſealed bp the Pilot maior Alongo de Chiauez, 
‘ ; FF ͤ— bem a shepett uth 10 bei 
Moreouer, chat going in company withthe fleete, they doe and things, as their 
General hall command chem, vnder paine ol deach. 


8 


Written by me Pedro Dias borne in the Iſe of Palma 


fthe tea, PX and pr. 


pan. pilots. 
thing, they charge 
nen. 


a Motarie , whofe 
in the hip, and to 
articular owners, 
and other inſtru⸗ 
e. And his wages 


dies, to lend into 
after the fleetes be 
m how the fleetes 
es two great ſhips. 
nnes, which carry 
yefe are payd out ol 
d, and ſometime at 


e which ſer - 
letters of gold, 
d for the Indies ate 


tunne of wine, oz 
how manp cheſts 


bis cuſtomes, and 


p the Indies, withs 
op elſe without lie 


che fopefaid opdertz 
dugbt to catty she 


‘olabe , no; Croſie· 
longo 4e Chisuez, 


th things, as their 


nthe fle of Palma 
aye 


