RAW DOWNLOAD (complete file, unedited except for this header)
DESCRIPTION: Hakluyt, Virginia richly valued (1609), JCB copy, complete uncorrected OCR
URL FETCHED: https://archive.org/download/virginiarichlyva00knig/virginiarichlyva00knig_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
==============================================================================

vapolo n fe 


Qoansanaoon 


0846 GHEUCKCOVOTUE TEES SOSCUCOS ea ROM 


) 
COCUPL 


Y CREAR OIRNIPRONIRY 
FOU AAA ARR 


CePaedhoed soe NKAUDA- BAU ZONE a 


K 


7 


3) 
4s Win ? 


\ 


_ tichly valued, . 


a 
aN Novy, 
yy ge 


«By the defeription of the maine land of % 
HB Florida, her next neighbour: 


.  Outofthe foure yeeres continuall trauell and difcouerie, 
: for aboue one thoufand miles Eaft and Weft, of i 
Don Ferdinando de Soto,andfixehundred | is 

ea able men in his companie. is 


_ Wherin are truly obferued the riches and fertilitie of thofe parts, 
abounding with things neceffarie, pleafant,and profitable | 
for the life of man: with the natures and difpo- i 

at 2 fitions of the Inhabitants. | 


Written by a Portugall gentleman of Eluas,emploied in : 
_ all the action, and tranflated out of Portugefe iE 
by Ricuarp Hax ivrr. : a 


Ny 
¥ - 
5 i. 
re ViPees: 
Ny 
1, 
: 4 
; Ce 
; iter: 
#)) 
AT LONDON e 
Vo 


Printed by Furrx Kynosron for Vatthew Lownes, . 
_ _ andareto be fold at the figne of the Bifhops r 
headin Pauls Churchyard. a 


Ms es we 
cae aia 3 


; ie 2 Ne , = 
— * * 
} WS ZE O yo = 
Ae EQ $I A 
$ yy " \ 
! I 9 Fa }} hae Cs 
yy : Udy \ L. f i js rae 
eer) ae » &> =73 fi} . “I, at od 
AY r w Sar ey FS I! aS / Ay) Ve rs) 
SA) BY NX “cap g ~ > y ~ cat y wire 
SAGES SSF oP RSC « 
3 = — : 


WSS AES 


HONOVRABLE, THE 
Right Worfhipfull Counfellors, and 
others the cheerefull aduenturors for 
the aduancement of thae Chriftian 


and noble plantation in 
VIRGINIA. 


By His worke,right Honourable, right Wor- 
a hip(ull, and the reft , though (mall in 
4 /hew, yet great in [ubflance, doth yeeld 
z| much light to our enter prifenowon foot: 
ua, whether you acfire to know the prefent 

epee and future commodities of our countrie ; 
- or the qualities and condstions of the Inhabitants, or what 
courfe is beft to be taken with them. 

Touching the commodities, befides the generall report of 
Cabeca de Vaca to Charles the Emperour (who firft tra- 
welled through a great part of the Inland of Florida, mext 
adtoyning upon our Virginia) That Florida was the ti- 
. cheft countrie of the world; and, that after hee had 

found clothes made of cotton wooll,he faw gold and chap. 3s, 
filuer,and ftones of great value: Ireferre you firfi to the 
rich mines of gold reported to be in the prouince of Y upaha, 
and defcribed iw the twelfth Chapter of this T reatife to come 
withimonr limits: And azaine, tothe copper hatchets found 
ia Cuuifachiqui, fanding vpon ames of Santa Hele- 
: : | Rae ‘ daenas 


Ser 
oceans 


4 


/ 


eg ‘é 
‘ iia i) 
iz ‘ 
I Dy 


Bien, 


The Epiftle Dedicatorie. 


nawhich were faid to haue a mixture of gold. It [ecmeth alo 
shat the laft Chronicler of the Weft Indies, Antonio de 
_ Herrera, (peaking of the forefaid. River of Santa Helena, 
: which flandeth in 32.degrees and an halfe, alludeth to the 
Decad.3 lib.%. pronince of Y upaha,za thefe words : Yel oro,y plata,que 
alte hallaron, no erade aquellatierra, fino de 60.leguas, 
adentroal norte, de los pueblos dichos orapales y.Ol4- 
gatanos,adonde fe intiende,que ay: minas.de oro,plata, 
y cobre. That isto fay, That the gold and filuer which they 
found, was not of that countrie (of Santa Helena) but 60. 
leagues diflant toward the North, of the townes called Ota- 
pales amd Olagatanos,where we underfland that there are 
mines of gold, filuer, and copper. By which reckoning thefé 
rich mines are in the latitude of 35.degrees and an balfe. I 
defire you likewife to take knowledge of the famous golden 
pronince of Chifca, firetching further to the North wheres 
Chap.13. of te Cacique of Cofte gane notice to Ferdinando de So- 
to in the towne of Chiaha,affirming,that there were mines 
of copper,and of another mettall of the fame colour, faue that 
itwas finer, and of afarre more perfect lufire, and farre bet- 
teria fight,and that they ufed it not fo much, becaufe it was 
fofter. And the felfefame thing was before told the Gouernour 
an Cutifachiqui: who fent two Chriftians from Chiaha 
with certaine Indians which knew the countrie of Chifca, 
and the language thereof, to view it, and to make report of — 
Chap.23- phat which they fhould finde. We likewife reade not long af- | 
er,that the Gouernour fet forward tofeckea prouince called 
Pacaha, which hee was informed to be neere unto Chitca, 
where the Indians told him, that there was gold. “And in 
Chap.24. another place hee {aith , That from Pacaha hee fent thirtie 
harfemen and fiftie footmensto the proxince of Catu ca, tofee 
if fron thence he might tranell to C hifca,where the Indians 
Said, there wasa morke of gold and copper. So thas here is. 
ie ee ; ie Soure: 


The Epiftie Dedicatorie. 
four times mention, and that in fanctrie places, of the rich 
and famous olde mines of Chifca,and that they lie beyond 
tise mountaines toward the North, ouer which ey were not 
able to tramell for the roughnes thereof. But what neede 110 
frandvpon forren teftimonies, fince Mafler Thomas He: 
Mot, 4 man of much indgement in thefe caufes, fignified un- 
—. toyowall,at your late folemne meeting at the houfeof the right 
——— honcurable she Earle of Exeter, how to the Southweff of our 
old fort in.N ivginia, the Indians often informed him, that 
there was a great melting of red mettall,reporting the man- 
_ ner in working of the fame. Befides, our owne Indians hane 
lately renealed either this or another rich mine of copperor =~ 
gold in atowne called Ritanoe, neere certaine mountaines 
hing Weft of Reanoat.. | 
Another very gainfull commeditie is, the huge quantitie 
__ of excellent perles,and little babies and birds made of them; 
‘that were foundin Curifachiqui. The abundance whereof 
is reported to be (uch, that if they would hane fearched diners Chap.14. 
Sraues ip townes thercabout, they might haue laded many of 
their horfes. Neither are the Turkie ftones and cotton wool: 
found at Guafco tobe forgotten ,nor paffed oner in filence: 
But that, which I make no (mall account of, is,the multi- 
tude of Oxen, which, from: the beginning of the 16.to the 
end of the 26.Chapter,are nine (enerall times made mention 
of, and that along from Chiaha,Cofte, Pacaha,Coligoa, 
and Tulla, (lil toward the North, to wit, toward vs, there 
was (uch flore of them, that they could-kecpe no corne for 
them: and that the Indians lined vpox their flefh.T he haire 
of thee Oxenis likewifefaidto be likea foft wool, betweene 
the courfeand fine wooll of foeepe : and that they vfé then 
for-couerlets,becanfe they are very foft and woolled ike fheep: 
ard not fo onely, bit they make bootes, fhaoes, targets, ana 
osher things nece(farie of the fame. Befides the former bene- 


2 theese, 


a) ae eae. | z'_ = 


The Epiftie Dedicatorie. 


fits, their young ones may be framed tothe yoke, for carting 
and tillage of our ground. And 1 amin good hope, that ere it 
be long we fhall bane notice of their being neerer vs, by that 
which I reade in the Italian relation of Cabeca de Vaca, 
the firft finder of thems which writeth, That they fpread 
themfelues within the countrie aboue foure hundred 
leagues. Moreoner,Vafques de Coronado, andlong af- 
ter him, Antonio de E{pejo (whofe vorages are at larzein 
my third volume ) trauelled many leagues amcng thefé 
beards of Oxen, and found them from 33. degrees ranging 
very farreto the North and Northeaft. : : 
A fourth chiefe commoditie wee may account to bethe 
great number of AMulberrie trees, apt to feede Silke-wormes 
so make filke « whereof therewas fuch plentiein many places, 
shat ,though they found fome hempe in the countrie, the Spa- 
niards made ropes of the barks of them for their brigandines, 
when they were to put to (eafor Noua Hifpania. 7 
A fifth 1s the excellent and perfect colours,as black, white, 
greene, yellow, and red, and the materials to dye withall, fo 
often (poken of in this difcourfe : among which I hang fome 
hope to bring you tothe knowledge of the rich graine of Co- 
chouillto, fo much efteemed,and of [a great price. I fpeake no- 
thing of the fenerall forts of paling good grapes for Wine 
and Raifons. | 
Chap.31.832  Neitheris st the leafl denefit, that they found falt made - 
by the Indians at Cayas,and in two places of the promince of 
Aguacay : the manner alfa how the Inhabitants make it, i 
very well worth the obfernation. | 
One of the chicfeft of all the reft may be the notice of the 
Chap. 31.832 South Sea, leading vs'ta lapan ana China, which I finde 
here twice tobe poken of. Whereof long fince I bane writer 
adifcourfe,which Ithinke not ft tabe made ouer common. 
For clajing up this point, T be diftances of places, the qua» 
ree : Littes 


Pour ye ly wis bun et TLAe 


EtGe Las Dar er cs ee ee 


. 
| 
| 


The Epiftle Dedicatorie. 
lisies of the foiles, the fituations of the regions, the dinerfities 
and goodneffe of the fruits the feuerall forts of beafts, the va- 
viette of fowles, the difference berweene the Inhabitants of 
the mountaines and the plaines, and the riches of the Inland 
in comparifon of the Seacoaft, are indicially fet downe in the 
conclufion of this booke, whereunto for mine owne eafel re- 
ferre you. | ahs ia 
Tocometo the fecond generall head, which in the begin= 
ning | propofed, concerning the manners and difpofitions of 
she Inhabitants - among other things, I finde them bere no-~ 
ted to be very eloquent and well fboken, as the fhort Orations, 
“interpreted by lohn Ortiz,which lined twelue yeeres among 
them,make fufficient proofe. And the anthor, which was a 
gentleman of Eluas in Portugall emploied in all the attion, 
whofe name is not fet downe, [peaking of the Cacique of Tul- 
Ja, (aith that afwell this Cacique, as the others, and all thofe 
which came to the Gouernour on their behalfe, delinered 
their meffage or {peech in fo good order, that no Oratour 
could utter the fame more eloquently. But for all their faire 
and cunning [peeches, they are not ouermuch to be trufied : 
for they be the greateft traitors of the world, as their mani- 
fold moft crafire contriued and blaody treafons,here fet dows . 
at large, doe euidently proue. They bealfo as-unconftant as 
she wethercock,and moft readie totakealloccafions of aduan- 
. tages todoe mi(chiefe. T hey are great liars and diffemblers ; 
for which fanlts often times they had their deferued pat- 


ments. And many times they-gaue good teflimonie of their 


great valour and refolution. To handle: them gently, while: 
gentle courfes may be found to ferue, it will be without com: 
parifon the beft : but if gentle polifhing will not ferme, then 
we [ball not want hammerours and rough mafons enow, I 

meane our old foldiours trained up in the Netherlands, to 
Jquare and prepare thems to our Preachers hands. ai 
: clade, 


Beer, 


ES cra TEE SE 
Cs Pe ott the ee ee 


ee ts 
. sf. 


Re ae 


ia Re lead SS a “Marcel i ae ies 


¥ * 


TheE piftle Dedicatorie, 
cludesI tuft by your Honours and Worfhips wife infiructions 


$0 the noble Gonernour,the worthy experimented Lieutenant 
and: Admirall, and other chiefe managers of the bufineffe, 


all things hall be fo prudently carried, that the painfull Prea- 


chers [hall bereuerenced and cherifhed, the valiant andfor- 
ward foldiour re[pected, the diligent rewarded, the coward 
emboldened, the weake and fick relicued, the mutinous fup- 
preffed, the reputation of the Chriflians among the Saliages 


preferued,our moft holy faith exalted all Paganifme and lde- . 


Latrie by little and little vtterly extinguilhed. And here re- 
pofing and refling my felfe upon this [weete ane 1 ceafe, be- 
feeching the Almighticto bleffe this good workin your hands 
to the honour and-glorie of bis moft holy name,totheinlarce- 
smsent of the dominions of his facred Maieftie, and to the 
generall good of all the worthie Aduenturers and 
undertakers. From my lodging in theCal- 
- Nedge of Westaminster this 15. of 
| cAprill, 16092. 


By ome publikely and anciently dene- 
sed to Gods feruice,and allyours in 
this fo good action, = | 


Richard Hakluye. : | 


ij 28. Tye 


aa ¥ 4 i 
y 8" 5 a aie z 1 3 aS ee le RE 


J 
Te ee eT ae Ee ee 


Kyo 


= 
2) hs <e 
we SECS 


A 


gee! SRT 


xe ee ST. ON 
OF SVCH THINGS, AS 


Don’ FERDINANDO DeE Soro, 


the Adelantado of Florida pafled in feeking to con- 
quer the faid Countrey : wherein is declared who he was, 
and what fome of them were that went with him: and 
fome particulars and diuerfities of the Countrie, 
and whatfoeuer they {aw and happened 
ynto them inthe fame, 


Cuap. i; 
Whi declarésh whe Don: Ferdinando de Soto was, 
Soya sd be ort the Sowernment af Florida. 


= paeisine Soto was the fon ofa Squire 
: Al of Xerez of Badaioz.He wentinto the 
eo Indies, when Peter Arias of 
x} CAnilawas' Gouernoutr of the Welt 
4i Indies: And there he was without 
Cat Pa 4) any thing elfe of his owne,{aue his 
Gero al andar warp: ‘and for his good qualities and 
valour, Peter “Avias niade him Captaine of a troope of 
horfemen, and by his commandement hee went 
with Fernando Pizarro to the conquett of Peru : where 
(asomany ‘perfons of credit reported, which were 
there prefent) as wellat the taking of 4tabalipa, Lord 
peers. as at the aflault ofthe citie of Ca/co, and . 
: B 


piaes 


2 Lhe difconerie of 

all other places where they found refiftance, where- 
f{oeuer hee was prefent, hee paffed all other Captaines 
and principall perfons. For which caufe, befides his 


- partof the treafure of 4tabalipa,he hada good thare : 


whereby in time he gathered an hundred_and foure- 
{core thoufand Duckets together,with that which fell 


to his part : whichhe brought into Spaive:whereof the _ 


Emperour borrowed a certaine part,which he repaied 
againe with 60000 Rials of plate in the rent of the 
filkes of Granada,and all the reft was deliuered himin 
the Contraétation houfe of Siai/.He tooke feruants,to 
wit,a Steward, aGentleman Vfher, Pages, a Gentle- 
man of the Horfe,a Chamberlaine, Lakies,and al other 
officers that the houfe of a Noble ma requireth. From 
Sivil hee went tothe Court, andin the Court, there 
accompanied him John Danufco of Siuil, and Lewis 
CMofcofo D aluarado, Nunno deTouar, and lohn Rodri- 
gueX Lobillo. Except loha Danufco, all.the reftscame 
with him from Per#: and euery oneofthem brought 
fourteene or fifteene thoufand Duckets: allofthem 


went well and coftly apparrelled. And although Soto 
of his owne nature was not liberall, yet becaufe that. 


was the firft time that hee. was to:-fhew himfelfe inthe 
Court,he {pent frankely;and went accompanied with 
thofe which] haue named, and with his feruants,and 
many other which reforted ynto him. Hee married 


with Denna lfabella de Bouadilla, daughter of Peter:Ari- 


#5 Of Auila, Earle of Punno en Rostro.. Ehe Emperout 


made him the Governor ofthe Ifleof Cubs, and-Ade- 
lantado. or Prefident of Frida; witha title of Mat 
ques,of certaine part ofthe lands,that hefhouldcon- 


QUETZ agilidavt do guile 


bey er ot 


‘ 
Care | ‘Sm we 
: 


— "Crar. 


= ee Se a a ee ee ae 


next adioyning to Uirginia, — 3 
TE SHE Crap. II. 
How Cabeca de Vaca came to the Court, and cane rela- 
‘tion of the Countrie of Florida: And of the Compa- 
mie that was affembled in Siuil to coe with Don Fer- 
dinandodeSoto. ny: 


aad ae 
3 


A e475 Elen Don Ferdinandohad obtainedthe go- 
“ A\é/G4) vernment, there came a Gentleman from 
Baw) ¥29) the Indiesto the Court, named Cabeca de 

Koen dalek) Vaca, whichhad been with the Gouernor 

Pamphilo de Naruaez which died in Florida,who repor- 

ted thatNaraaez was caft away at {ea with all the com- 

panie y went with him. And how he with foure more 
efcaped and arriued in Nveua E/panna:Alfo he brought 
arelation in writing of that which hee had feene in 

Florida ; which faid in ome places : In fuch a place I 

hauefeene this ; andthe reft which here I faw, I leaue 

to conferre of betweene his Maieftie and my felfe.Ge- 
nerally hereported the miferie ofthe Countrie, and 
thetroubles which hee pafled: andhee told fome of 
his kinffolke, which were defirous to goe into the Jn- 
@ies,and vrged him very much totell them whether 
hehadfeene any rich country in Florida,that he might 
nottellthem, becaufe hee and another, whofe name 
was Orantes, (who remained in Nueva Efpanna with 
purpofe to returne into Florida: for which intent hee 
came into Spaine to beg the gouernment thereof of 
theEmperour) had fworne not to difcouer fome of 
thofethings which they had feene, becaufe no man 
fhould prevent them in begging the fame: And hee 


Le 


‘informed them, T hat it was the richeft Countrie of the Se epahee 
ric a 
tric of the 

B a haue world. 


world, Don Ferdinando de Soto was very defirous to 


4 Aber 


. 
he alien ee eet ee eae Colles reer 


4.  Tbedifcouerie of Florida, | 
haue him with him,and made him a fauourable offer : 

and afterthey wereagreed,becaufe Soto gaue him not 

afumme of money which he demanded to buy a fhip, 

they broke offagaine. Baltafar de Gallegos, and Christo- 

pher de Spindola,the kinfemen of Cabeca de Vaca, told 

him, thatfor that which hee had imparted to them, 
they wererefolued to pafle with Sote into Florida,and 

thereforethey prayed him to aduife them what they 

werebeftto doe. Cabeca de Vaca toldthem, that the 
caufe why he went not with Soto was, becaufe hee ho- 

ped to beganother gouernment,and that hee was loth 

to goe vnder the command of another : and that hee 
came to beg the conqueft of Florida - but feeing Dow 
Ferdinando de Soto had gotten it alreadie, for his othes 
fake hee mighttell them nothing of that which they 
would know : but hee counfelled them to fell their 
200ds andgoe with him, and that in fo doing they 
fhould doe well. Affooneas he had opportunitie hee 
fpake with the Emperour, and related vnto him what- 
foeuer hee had pafled and feene, and come tovnder- 
ftand. Of this relation madeby word of mouth tothe 
Emperour, the Marques of 4/forga had notice, and 
forthwith determined to fend with Dos Ferdinando | 
de Soto his brother Dow Antonio Oforie: & with him two 
kinfmen of his prepared themfelues, to wit, Francis O- 
forio,and Garcia Oforio. Don Antonio difpoffefted him- 
felfe of 60000 Rials of tent which hee held by the 
Church:and Francis Oforio ofa town of Vaflals,which 
hehad in the Countrie de Campos. And they made 
their Rendezuous with the Adelantado in Stal. The 
like did Nunuez de Touar, and Lewis de Mofcofo, and 
Jobm Redriguex Lobillo,each of who had brought from 
Pers fourteene or fifteene thoufand Duckets. Lewis de 


next adioyning to‘Uirginia. 5 


Adofcofo carried with himitwo:brethren: there went 


‘allo Don: Carlos;which had married the Gouernouts 
Neece,and tooke her with him. From Badaiozthere 
‘went Peter Calderan, and three kinfemen of the Ade- 
Jantado, to wits Arias Tinoco,:Alfonfo Romo,and Diego 


Tinoco. And as Lewisde Mofcofo pafled through * e/ Eluas isa Cis 


was,Andrew deV afconcelos {pake with him, and reque- ee Porty- 


fied him to {peake to Don Ferdinando de Soteconcer- 
ning him,and deliuered him certaine warrants which 
he had received fromthe Marques of Villa real,where- 
inhe gaue him the Captainefhip of Cesta in Barbarie,. 


thathe might fhew them vnto him. And the Ade- © 


~ Tantado faw them; and was informed who hee was, 
and wrotevnto him,that hee would fauour him in all 
things,and by al meanes,and would giue hima charge 
ofmenin Florida. Andfrom Elwas went Andrew de 
Vafconcelos, and Fernan Pegado, Antonio Martinez Segu- 
_ rado, Men Roiz Pereira, Iohn Cordero, Stephen Pecado, Be- 
wpedict Fernandez, and Alvaro Fernandex. And out of 
_ Salamancaand laen,and Valencia,and Albuquerque, and 
from other partes of Spaiue, many people of Noble 
~ birth aflembled at Sias/: infomuch thatin Saint Lucar 
many men. of good. account: which had fold their 
goods remained behind for-want of fhipping, wheras 
for other known and rich Countries,they are wont to: 
want men: and this fell outby occafion of that which: 
Cabeca de Vacatold the Emperour, and informed fuch 


perfons as hee had conference withall touching the 


State of that Countrie. Soto made him great offers : 
and being agreed to goe with him (as I haue faid be- 
fore)becaufe he would not giuehim monie to pay for 


B 3, 


Cabeca de 
Vaca was the 


afhip, which he had bought, they brake off,& he went Gouernour of 
for Gouernour to the Riuer of Péste. His kinfemen ibe River oft 
| Chriftophen 


Suen, 


lad 


6 Thedifcouerie of Florida, 
Chriftoper de Spindolaand Baltafar de Gallegoswent with 
Sota. Baltafar de Gallegos fold’ houfes a ndvinéyards,and 
rent corne,and ninetie rankes of Oliuetrees in the Xa- 
rafe of Stuil : Hee had the office of Alcalde Mayor, and 
tooke his wife with him: And there went alfo many 
other perfons ofaccount withthe Prefident, and had 
the offices following by great friendthip,becaufe they 
were offices defired of many : to wit, Antonie de Bredwia 
was Factor, lob Danufco was Auditor,andIchn Gaytan 
hephew to the Cardinall of Ciguenta had the office of 

Treafurer. RHO CinGh> o Hog im 


C HAP. - I I I. ’ 
How the Portugales went to Siuil, and from thence to 
S.Lucat: he appointed Captaines ouer the ips, and 
difiributed the peoplewhich were togoein them, | 


Wea tc Portugalesdeparted from Eluas the re, 

(ume ye of Januarie, and came to Séwil the 19.0f 
Bona G4 the fame moneth,and wenttothe lodging 
gaseXor| of the Gouernor,and entredinto a court, 
ouer the which were certaine galleries where hee was, 
who came downe and receiued them at the ftaires, 
whereby they wentvp into the galleries: when he was 
come vp,he commanded chaires tobe giuen them to 
fiton. And Andrew de Vafconcelos told him who hee 
and the other Portugales were,”and how they all were 
come toaccompany him, and ferue him in his voiage. 
He gaue him thanks,and made fhew of great content- 
ment for his comming and offer. And the table being 
alreadie laid he inuited them to dinner. And being at 
dinner he commanded his fteward to feeke a lodging 
forthem neere vntohis owne,where they might bee 
| lodged. 


with Soto ists 
to Florida: 


t ‘what people every one 


~— oye 


8 The difconerie of Florida, 


tH Atte sonal Cuar. LVosq ert le tibw * 
How the Adelantado with his people departed from 
Spaine, and cametothe Canaries, and afterward 
tothe Antilése: oP 94) bas auomiatdenc 


FUR enre N theyeere of our Lord 1538. in the mo- 

| Zersi nethof Aprill, the Adelantado delivered 
eq! his fhippes to the Captaines which were 
EP S6.4 togoeinthem : and tooke for himfelfea 
new fhip,and good offaile, and gaue another to An. 
drew de V afconcelos,in which the Portugales went: hee 
went ouer the barre of Swear on Sunday being S.Za- 
Xarus day, inthe morning, ofthe moneth and yeere a- 
forefaid,with great loy, commanding his trumpets to 
be founded,and many fhots of the ordinance to be dif- 
charged... Hee failed -foure daies with a profperous 
wind; and fuddenly it calmed: thecalmes continued 
eight daies with {welling feas, in fuch wife, thar wee 
made no way. The 15. day after his departure from 
S. Lucar,hee came to Gomera, one ofthe Cawaries, on’ 
Eafter day in the morning. The Earle of that Tfland 


was apparrelled all in white;cloke,ierkin,hofe,(hoots,. 
and cappe, fo that hee feemeéd a:Lord of thé Gypfes. 
He receiued the Gouernour with much ioy: hee was 
welllodged, andall the reft had their lodgings gratis, 
and gat great ftore of viGuals for their monie, as 
bread,wine and flefh : and they tooke what was need- 
fullfor their hips: and the Sunday following, eight 
daiesafter their arriuall, they departed fiom the Ifle of 
Gomera. The Earle gaueto Donna Tfabella the Adelan- 
tados wife a baftard daughter that hee had to bee her 
Waiting maid. They arriuedat the Aatilles, inthe ee 


next adtoyning to Virginia, 9 
of Cuba,at the port of the City of Sant lao vpon Whit- 
funday. Affone as they came thither,a Gentleman 
of the Citie fent to the fea fide avery faire roan horfe 
and well furnifhed for the Gouernour, andamule for 
Donna Ifabella > and all the horfemen and footemen 
that were in the towne came to receiue him at the {ea- 
fide. The Gouernour was well lodged, vifited, and 
ferued of all the inhabitants of that Citie, andall his 
companie had their lodgings freely : thofe which de- 
fired to goe into the countri¢, were diuided by foure 

and foure,and fixe and fixe in the farmes or granges, 
according to theabilitieofthe owners of the farmes, 

and were furnifhed by them withall things neceflary. 


| Crap. V. 5 
Of the ishabitants which arein the Citie of S. lago, and 
in the other townes of the ifland : and of the qualitie of 
the foile, and fruites that ityeeldeth, — 


Bere >. aoe 


ieee ay He Citie of S. azo hath fourefcore hou- 
) aa fes which are great and well contrived. 
vj, The moft part haue their walles madeof 
bords,& are covered with thatch;it hath 
= » fome houfes builded with lime & ftone, 
and couered with tiles. Ie hath great Orchards and 
many trees in them,diffcring from thofe of Spaine: 


there be figgetrees which beare figges as big as ones Greatfigges, 


hft, yellow within,and of {mall tafte; and other trees 


which bearea fruit which they call Ananes,in making Ananes- 


and bignes like toa {mall Pineapple: itis a fruit very 
{weete in cafte : the fhel being taken away,the kernel is 


likea peeceoffrefh cheefe. In thegranges abroad in ox pine- 
the countric thereare other great pineapples, which apples. 
| ) C STORY as) ae 


* Erua babola. 


Mameis, an 
excellent 
fruit. 


Guayabas. 


Plantanos.. 


Batatas, or 
Poratos. 


The Caflaui 
TOOLE., 


pe er 


10 «©. The difcouerie of Florida, 


grow on low trees,and are like the * Aloetree: theyare 


ofa very good {inelland exceeding goodtafte. Other: 
trees do bearea fruit, which they call Mameis of the 
bignes of Peaches. This the Iflanders do hold for the 
beft fruit of the country. There ts another fruit which 
they call Guayabas like Filberds, as bigge as figges. 
There are other trees as high as a iaucline, hauing one 
only ftocke without any bough, and the leaves as long 
asacafting dart: andthe fruite is of the bigneffe and 
fafhion of a Cucumber, one bunch beareth 20. 0r 30. 
and as they ripen, the tree bendeth downeward with 
them: they are called in this countrie Plantanos; and 
are ofa good tafte, & ripen after they be gathered; but 
thofe are the better which ripen vpon the treeitfelfe ; 
they beare frnite but once : and the tree being cut 
downe, there {pring vp others out of the but, which 
beare fruite the next yeere. There is another fruits. 
whereby many people are fuftained, and chiefly the 
flaues,which are called Batatas. Thefe grow now in 
the Ifle of Tercera,belonging to the Kingdome of Por- 
tugal,and they grow within the earth, and are like a 
fruit called Iname,they haue almoft ¥ tafte ofa cheft. 
nut. The bread of this countrie is allo made of rootes: 
whichare like the Batatas. And the ftocke whereon: 


thofe rootes doe grow is like an Elder tree: theymake 


their ground in litide hillocks,and in each ofthem they 
thraft 4. or 5.ftakes;and they gather the rootes a yeere 
and an halfe after they fetthem. Ifanyone, thinking 


itis a Batata or Potato roote, chance to eate of tt neuer 
folittle, hee is in great danger of death: which was. 
feene by experience ina fouldier,which affone ashee 


had eatenavery little of one of thofe rootes, hee died: 
quicklic. They pare thefe rootes and {tampe them,and. 


{quele 


es Se ee — 


next adioyningto Virginia. =I 
{quefe them in athing likea preffe:the iuyce thatcom- 
meth from them is of an euill fmell. The bread is of 
little tafte and leffe fubftance. Of the fruites of Spaine, 
there are Figges and Oranges, and they beare fruit all 
the yeere,becaufe the foile is very ranke and fruitfull. 
In this countrie are many good horfes, and there is 
greene eraffe all the yeere. There be many wild oxen 
and hogges,whereby the people ofthe Ifland is well 
furnifhed with flefh: Without the townes abroad in 
the Countrie are many fruites. And it happeneth 
fometimes thata Chriftian goeth out of the way and 
is loft 15.01 20.daies,becaufe of the many paths in the 
thicke groues that croffe to and fro made by the oxen: 
and being thus loft, they fuftaine themfelues with 
fruitesand palmitos: for there bee many great groues 
of Palme trees throughall the Ifland: they yeeld no | 
other fruite that isof any profit. The Ifleof Cuba is Thelengi 
300. leagues long from the Eaft to the Weft, andis RECHiirek 
infome places 30. in others 40. leagues from North 

to South. It hath 6.‘townes of Chriftians : to wit, 

S.14¢0, Baracoa, Bayamo, Puerto de Principes, S. Efpirito, 

and Hauana. Euery one hath betweene 30. and 4o. 

houfeholds,exceptS. Jago and Hawana, which hauea- 

bout 60. or 80. houfes. They haue Churches in each 

ofthem, and a Chaplen which confeffeth them and 

faith Mafle. InS.2ago isa Monafterie of Francifcan 

Friers : it hath but few Friers, and is well prouided 

ofalmes,becaufe the countrie is rich : The Church of 

S. Jago hath honeft reuenew, and there isa Curat and 

Prebends and-many Priefts, as the Church of that. 

Gitie,whichisthe chiefe ofall the Ifland. There isin 

this countrie much gold,and few flauesto getit: For 

Gay iy ety many 


Store ofgood 
horfes. 


' 


~ 


A iahewe, 


Hyer 


A wittie ftra- 
RageMe 


Bayamo. 


1 Lhe difconerie of Florida, 


many haue made away themfelues, becaufe of the 
Chriftians euill vfage of themin the mines. A ftew- 
ard of Vafques Porcallo,which was an inhabitour in that 
Ifland,vnderftanding that his flaues would make away 
themfelues,ftaied for them witha cudgill inhis hand 
atthe place where they were to meete,and told them, 
that they could neither doe nor thinke any thing, 
that hee did not know before ; and that hee came 
thither to kill himfelfe with them, to the end, that 
if hee had vfed them badly inthis world, hee might 
vfe them worfe inthe worldto come: And this was 
a meane that they changed their purpofe, and tur- 


ned home againeto doe that which he commanded 
them. ns 


Cuap. VI. | 
How the Gosernour (ent Donna Iabella with the fhips 


to Hauana,and be with fome of his people went thi- 
ther by land. 


ree) He Gouernour fent fromS. Jago his 
WH, Rewhe) Nephew Don Carlos with the thips 
Awa, in company of Donna Ifabella to tar- 

 riefor him at Havana, which isan 

#34) hauen in the Welt part toward the 
=3| head of the Ifland, 180. leagues 
| from the Citie of Saint ago. The — 
Gonernour and thofe which ftaied with him bought 
horfes and proceeded’ on their iournie. The firft 
towne they came vnto was Bayzmo: they werelod- 
ged foure and foure, and fixe andfixe, as they wentin 
company,and where they lodged, they tooke nothing 


fortheir diet, for nothing coft them ought faue the 


Pk 


_ Maiz.. 


next adioyning toUirginia. = 
Maiz or corne for their horfes, becaufe the Gouernor 
- wentto vifit them from towne to towne,and feafed 

hem in the tribute and feruice of the Indians. Bayamo 
is25. leagues from the Citie of S. Jago, Neerevnto 
_ the towne paffeth a great River, which is called Tanto; 

itis greater then Guadiawa,and in it be very great Cro- 

codiles, which fometimes hurt the Indians, or the cat- 
tell which paffeth the Riuer. In all the countrie are~ 

neither Wolfe, Foxe, Beare, Lion, nor Tiger. There 

are wild dogges which goe from the houies into the 

woods and feed vpon fine. There be certaine Snakes 

as biggeas amans thigh orbigger, they arevery flow, 

they doe nokind of hurt. From Bayamo. to Pucrtodel» 

los prinvipesaxe 50.leagues.In al the Ifland from towne Seep 
to towne,the way is madeby ftubbing vp the vnder- hie 
wood : and if it bee left but one yeere vndone, the 

wood groweth fo much, that the way cannot be feene, 
and the paths of the oxen arefo many, that none can 

trauell without an Indian of the Countrie fora guide: 

forall the reft is very hie and thicke woods. From Ps- 

erto dellos principes the Gouernour went to the houfeof 

Va{ques Porcallo by {ea in a bote, (for it wasneere the 

fea) to know there fome newes of Donna Ifabella, 
whichat that inftant (asafterward was knowne) was. 

in ereat diftrefle, in fo much that the fhips loft onea- 

nother : andtwo of them fell on the coaft of Florida, 

and all ofthem endured great want of water and victu- 
als. When the ftorme wasouer, they met together, 
withoutknowing where they were: in the end they 
defcried the Cape of S. Anton,a countrie not inhabi- 
ted ofthe Ifland of Cuba : there they watered ;and at 
the end of 40. daies, which were pafied fince their de= 
parture from the City of S. /2g0, theyariued at Hasana. 

C 3. The. 


The Cape of 
S. Antonio. 


Santo Efpi- 
Tito, 


ao ie difcouerie of Florida, | 


The Gouernour was prefently informed thereof, and 

went to Donna Ifabella. And thofe which went by land, 
which were one hundred and fiftie horfernen,being 
divided into two parts, becaufe they would not op- 


ds prefle the inhabitants, trauelled by S. E/pirito, which is 


60.leagues from Puerto dellos principes. The food which 
they carried with them was Cacabe bread,which is that 
whereof I made mention before: and it is of fucha 
qualitie,thatifitbe wet, itbreaketh prefently, where- 
by it happened to fome to eate fleth without bread for 
many daies. They carried dogges with them, and a 
man of the Country,which did hunt;& by the way,or 
where they wereto lodge that night, they killed as ma- 
ny hogges as they needed. Inthis iourniethey were 
well prouided of beefe and porke: And they were 
greatly troubled with Muskitos, efpecially in alake, 
which is called the mere of Pia, which they had much 
adoe to pafle from noone till night, the water might 
befome halfeleague ouer, andto be fwomeabout a 
croflebow fhot, the reft came to the wafte, and they 
waded vp tothe knees in the mire,and inthe bottome 
werecockle fhels, which cut their feetevery fore; in 
fuch fort, thatthere was neither boote nor fhooe fole 
that was holeathalfe way. Their clothes and faddels © 
were’paffed in baskets of Palme trees.Paffing this lake, 
{tripped out of theirclothes, therecame many muski- 
tos,vpon whofe biting there arofe a wheale that fmar- 
ted very much: they ftrooke them with their hands, 
and with the blowe which they gaue they killed fo 
many, that the blood did runne downe thearmes and 
bodiesofthe men. That night they refted very ‘ttle 
for them, and other nights alfo in the like places and 
times. They cameto Santo Efpirito, which isa renee 
| | ° 


next adioyning toUirginia. 15 
of thirtie houfes ; there paffeth by it alittle Riuer: it 
is very pleafantand fruitfull, hauing great ftoreof O- 
ranges and citrons, and fruites of the Countrie: One 
halfe of the companie were lodged here, and the reft. 
pafled forward 25. leagues to another towne called 
la Trinidad of 15.01 20. houfeholds. Here is an hofpi- 
tall for the poore, and there is none other inall the I- 
fland. Andthey fay, that this towne was the greateft 
in all the Countrie, and that before the Chriflians 
came into this land, asa fhip paffed along the coaft, 
there came init avery fickeman, which defired. the 
Captaine to fet himon fhore: and the Captaine did 
fo,and the fhip went her way : The ficke man remai- 
ned fet on fhore in that countrie, which vntill then had 
not been haunted by Chriftians ; whereupon the In- 
dians found him,carried him home, and looked vnto. 
him till he was whole; and the Lord of that towne 
maried him vntoa daughter of his,and had warre with 
all theinhabitants round about, andby the induftrie 
and valour of the Chriftian, he fubdued and brought 
vnder his command all the people of that Ifland. A 
great while after,the Gouernour Diego Velafques went 
 toconquer it, and from thence difcouered new Spaine: 
And this Chriftian which was with the Indians did. 
pacifiethem,and brought them tothe obedience and 
fubieGtion ofthe Gouernour.. Fromthis towne della Havana 
Trinidad vnto Havana are 80. leagues‘without any ha- 
_ bitation,which they trauelled. They came to Hasana: 
-_ intheend of March; where they found the Gouernor,. 
| andthereft of the people which came with him from: 
Spaine. The Gouernour fent from Hauaza lohn Dan- 
nufcowith a:carauele & two brigantines with 50. men: 
todifcouer the hauen of Florida and from thence hee 
! 7 brought: 


eae Saar RieS ane SaEaOS 


eae 
, yee 
a ¢ 


Zisman 2 
Se eerie Siete 
5 Rat SE PER RR: 


La Trinidad;. . 


May 18.15 39. 


16 ‘The dijiduen of tases 


brought two Indians, which he tooke vpon the coat, 
wherewith: (afwell becaufe they might be neceffarie 
ae uidesand for interpretours, as becaufe they faid 

y lignes that there was much gold in F/orida) the Go- 
Pas andallthe companie receiued much content- 
ment, and longed for the houre of their departure, 
thinking i in himfelfe that this was the richeft Coun- 
trie, that vnto that day had been difcouered. 


Cuap. VII. 
How we departed from tiauana, and arined ip Flotida, 
ana of fuch things as happened unto vs. 


==mamF fore our departure,the Gouernour depri- 
Wes /ued Nunno de T ouar of § office of Captaine 
% ‘ Generall, & gaue it to Porcallo de Figueroa, 
by Be SF an inhabitant of Cuba,which was a meane 
jt the rape: were well furnifhed with vials: for 
he gauea great many loads of Ca/abe bread, and ma- 
nie hogges. The Gouernour tooke away this office 
from Nonno deTouar, becaufe hee had fallen inloue 
with the daughter of y Earle of Gomera, Donna Ifabellas 
waighting maid, who, though his office weretaken 
from him, (to returne againe to the Gouernours fa- 
uour)though fhe were with child by him, yet tooke 
her to his wife, and went with Sote into Florida, The 
Gouernour left, Donna Tfabella in Hanana; and with 
her remained the wife of Déx Carlos, and the wines of 
Baltafar de Gallegos, and of Nonno de Tovar. And hee 
left forhis Lieutenant aGentleman of Havana, called 
lobu de Roias,for the gouernment of the Ifland. 
On Sunday the 18. of May, in the yeere of our 
Lord, 1539. the Bdcantede, or prefident departed 
from 


next adiqynine to ‘Girvinia, = 17 
from HawanainCaba withhis flecte; which were nite 
vefiels, fiue great fhips, two: carauels, and two brigan- 
tines: They fatled feuen daies with a profperous wind. 
Theos. day of May, the day de Pafca de. Spirtto Santo, 

-(which we call Whitfon Sonday,) they {awi the land Thisptace!’ 
of Fiorida; and becaufe of the fhoalds,they came toan Was called 
; | f . aya de -Spitt. 
anchora league from the fhore. On Friday the 30. 0f :¢sanGo, be. 
May they landed in Florida,two leagues fromatowne ingon the 
of an Indian Lord,called Vita) They fet’ onlandwo yi" Bs ay 
‘hundred and thirteene-horfés, which they brought degiecs, = 
‘with them,to vnburden the fhippes, that they might 
‘draw the leffe water. Hee landed all his men, andon- 

Jy the fea men remained in the fhippes, which in eight 
daics,going vp with the tideeueryday aliulejbroughe 

athem.vp vnto thetowne-|Affooneas the people were 
come on fhore, hee pitched hiscampeon the fea fide, 

hard vpon the Bay which went vp vato the towne. 

‘And prefenlythe Captaine general Ha/ques Porcailo a 

with other'7/horfemen ‘foraged the Countrie hal fea cane ae te 

Teagueround abourjand found fixe Indians, which re: towneof 

fiftedbhim with theirarrowes, which arethe weapons V“' 
which they vfeto fight withal! : The borfemen killed 

_ twocofthemsandth ¢other foure efeaped: becaufe the 

countrie is cumberfome with woods and bogs;where 

the horfes ftacke faftiand fell with their riders,becaufe 

_ they were weake with trauelling-vpon the fea. The 

famenightfollowing the Gouernour withanhiundred 

memin the brigantines lightedsypbn attowne, Which 

hefound witlout people,becanfe, that afloone asthe 

Chriftians hadfight of land,they were defcried, and 

faw'along the ‘coaft many fmokes, which the Indi- 

ans had madetogiue aduicethe.oneto the other. The 

‘sip alc eae dla hg Campe fet the 
Pon | men 


~y 


\} pee 


men inorder, the horfemen in three {quadrons, the 
Vantgard,the Batallion, and the Rerewarde: and fo 
_they marched that day, and the day following, com- 

pafling great Creekes which came out of the Bay: 

The towne of They came to the towne of Vcita, where the Gouer- 
rg nour was,on Sunday the firft of lune, being Trinitie 
ak Sunday. The towne was of feuen oreighthoufes. The 
Lordes houfe ftoode neere the fhore vpon avery hie 

mount, made by hand for ftrength. Atanotherend 

. of the towne ftood the Church, and on the top of it 

{tood.a fowle made of wood with gilded eies. Heere 

Some perles Were found fome pearlegof {mall valew, fpoiled with 
founds the fire, which the Indians do pierce and ftring them 
like beades, and weare them about their neckes and: 
handwrifts, and they efteeme them very much. The 
houfes were made of timber,and couered with Palme 
leaues. The Gouernourlodged him‘felfe in the Lords 
—houfes,and with him Va/ques Porcallo, and Lays dé Mof- 
~ cofos,and in others that were in the middeft of the — 
towne, wasthe chiefe Alcalde or Iuftice, Balsafar de 
” Gallegos lodged; andin the fame houfes was fet ina 
place by it elfe,al the prouifion that came in the fhips: 
the other houfes and the Church were broken down, 
and euery three or fourefouldiers made a little cabin 
wherein they lodged. The Countrie round about was 
very fennie,and encombred with greatand hie trees. 
The Gouernor commanded to fel the woodsa crofle- 
bow fhot- round about the towne, that the horfes 
might runne,and the Chriftians might haue the ad- 
uantage of the Indians, if by chance they fhould fet 
vpon them by night... In the waies.and places conue- 
nient,they had their Centinelles of footemen by two: 
and ewodn every ftand, which did watch: by, wae 
; AA : and: 


Spe Te ole tae Stal ATG Pack eee Ge Bank seat Pa SUES RPT GSES — 


mext. adigyning to Uirginia. AD 

and the horfemen did vifit them,and were readicto af- 
fiftthem, if there wereanyalarme. The Gouernour 
made foure Captaines of the horfemen,and two ofthe 
footemen. The Captaines of the horfemen were,one 
of them C4ndrew de Vafconcelos,and another Pedro Cal- 
deran de Badaioz:and the other two were his kinfemen, 
to wit, Arias Tinoco, and Alfonfo Romo, borne likewife 
in Badaioz. The Captaines of the footemen, the one 
was Franci{co Maldonado of Salamanca, and the other 
Iuan Rodriguez Lobillo. Whi:'e wee were in this towne 
of /cita, thetwo Indians, which Johz Danu/co had ta- 
ken on that coaft,and the Gouernor caried along wich 
him for guides and interpretours,through careleflenes 
oftwo men, which had the charge of them,efcaped a- 
way onenight. For which the Governourandall the 
reft were very forie, for they had alreadie made fome 
roades, and no Indians could bee taken, becaufe the 
countrie was fullof marifh grounds, and in many pla- 
ces fullofvery hieandthickewoods... 


Lasko Ae ED 


Of fome inrodes that were made into the Countries and 


\ bow there was a Chriftian found, which had bin lon 
‘time in the power ofan Indian Lord. 


= aj\Romthe towne of Vcitz, the Gouernour 
| fentthe Alcalde Mayot,Baltafar deGaliegos 
ggkes|| with go. horfemen and 8o. footemenin- 
tee" to the Countrie to fee ifthey could take 
Indians: andthe Captaine ohn Rodriguez, Lobillo 


trie 


Cerraine ca- 
pins of In- 
diatse 


widd 


20 ©. The d:{conerie of Florida, 


trie -full of bogges, where horfes conld\not trauell: — 
Halfealeague trom thecampe,they lighted vpon cer- 

taine cabins of Indians neere a Riner: The people that 
were imthem leaped into the Rive? pyét they:tooke 
foure ludian women: And tweatelndians charged 


sj 2nd: fo-diftrefied vs; that Wee were forced to-re- 


tire/to our campe, being,as theyareexceeding rea. 
die with their weapons.) Irisiapeople {6 warlikeand - 
fonimble;hattheycatehdnawhieforanyfootemen, 
For if thtimenemies chargéthemi, they-runne away, 
andifthey turne their backs, they ate prefently vpon 
them. And thethiag thatthey moft fleccisthe thot of 
aniairow. They neuer ftand fill; butare alwaies run- 
-ningand trauerfing fromone place td another: by:rea- 
fon whereofneither craffebow nor arcubufecan aime 
atthem : and before onecroflecbowmancan make one 
Shot,an Indianwill-difcharge three or fourearrowess 
and he feldomemiffeth what hee fhooterhvar.: Anar- 
row,where it findeth noarmour,pierceth asdeepely 
asacroflebow. Their bowes arevery long, and their 
atrowes are made of certaine canes like reedes, very 
heauie,& fo ftrong,thata fharpe cane paffeth thorow 
atarget: Some they arme in the point-wwitha fharpe 
bone ofa hth likea chifel,and in‘others they faften cer- 
taine ftones like points of Diamants. For the moft 
‘part when they light vpon.an armour, they breake ‘in 
wthe'place where they: ate bound together. Thofe of 
-canedofplit and pierce acoate ofmaileyand are more 
‘Bartfullthen: the others John: Rodrigue) Lobillo retur- 
ned to.the Cam pe with figeinen wounded, whereof 
one diedsandbronghrthe fodrelndiam womemwhich 
Raltafar Gakegos: bad: takenginthecabins! or wtages. — 
“Two leagues from the toiwne;! comming ‘into the 
13 eG plaine 


next adioyning toUirginia. = 21 
plaine field, he efpied ten or eleucn Indians, among 
whom was.a Chriftian, which wasnaked, and {cor- 
ched withthe Sunne, and had his armes razed after 
the mantierof the Indians, and differed nothing at all 
fromthem. And affoone as the horfemen faw them 
they ran toward them. The Indians fledjand fome of 
themhid themfelues in a wood} and they ouertooke 
two or three ofthem, which were wounded : andthe 

-Chrittian, feeing an horfemansunne vpon him with 
his lance; began to crie out) Sirs, 1am a C hriftian, 
flay menot,nor thefeIndians, for they haue faued my 
life. And ftraightway he called them,and put them out 

sof fearesand they came foorth of rhe wood vnto them. 

‘The horfemen tooke bottrthe Chriftian andthe Indi- 
ans vp behindthem , and toward night came into the 

Campe with much ioy: which thing being knowne 
by the Gouernour, and them that remained in the 
Campe,they were receiued with the like: 00 <° 

nid ys oCrar. IX. | 

How this Chriftian came to the land of Florida, and who 

—  hewas and what conference he had with the Gouce 

POMP ONT -MIONEH a TOT ITION aw orlon Pa 


PSM His: Chriftians name was John Ortiz, 


Pamphilo de NartaeX; and returned in the fhipstothe 
Ifland of Cuba,where the wife ofthe Gouernour Pam 
philode Narusex wastand by his commandement with 
- ‘a0.0r zorother in abrigandine retarned backe againe 
0 Florida and:comining to the port in the fight of 


ana Tohn Ortiz, 
Ay Terre : , liued 12.. 
y,; he was borne in Siuil,of worfhipful paren- yceres, among 
By, Bes tage. Hewas w.yeeres in the Hands of the the Fiorid- 
PV OS te at a a a «4. ans of Veira. 
Faved Indians.Hecame into this Countrie with ord Mocccas 


D3 the: 


a ae = Oe 
slat as ea ans = 
hs Re enon fete 


Hist gE EES 
t1" © oe 
Scones g 


ise 


awareness 3: 
a ee 
es eS Tere, 
PFA: a 


deere: 


22 Lhedifconerie of Florida, 
the towne,on the fhore they fawa canefticking in the 
ground,and riuen atthe top, anda letter in it:and they — 
beleeued thatthe Gouernour had leftit thereto giue 
aduertifement of himfelfe,when he refolued to goe vp 
into the land: and they demanded it of foure or fiue 
Indians, which waiked along the fea fhore : and they 
bad them by fignes to come on fhore forit : which a- 
gainftthe will ofthe reft Joba Ortiz and another did. 
And affoone asthey were on land,from the houfes of 
the towne iflued a great number of Indians, which 
compafied them about, and tooke them in a place 
where they could not flee:and the other which fought 
to defend himfelfe, they prefentlie killed vpon the 
place, andtooke John Ortizaliue, and carried him to 
Veitatheit Lord. Andthofeofthe brigandinefoughe 
notto land, but put theméelues to fea,and returned to 
the Ifland of Cuba. Ycita commanded to bind John 
Ortiz hand and foote vpon foure ftakes aloft vpona 
raft, aud to make a fire vnder him, that there he might 
bee burned: Buta daughter of his defiredhim that he 
would not put him to death, alleaging that one only 
‘Chriftian could do him neither hurt nor good,telling 
him, thatit was more for his honour to keepehimasa 
captine. And ita granted her requeft,and comman- 
ded him tobe cured of his wounds : and affoone as he 
was whole, he gaue him the charge of the keeping of — 
the Temple: becaufe that by night the’wolues did 
cary away the dead corpfes out of the fame: who com- 
mended himfelfe to God. and tooke vpon him the 
charge of his temple. One night the wolues gate from 
him the corpes ofa little child,thefonne ofa'principal 
Indian ; and going afterthem:he threw.a darte atone 
ofthe wolues and ftrooke him that carried away the 
; | ‘<) : Corps, 


next adioyning to Virginia. oe 
corps, who feeling himelfe wounded, left it,and fell 
downe dead neere the place : and hee not woting 


whathe had done, becaufe it was night,went backea- | 


anne tothe Temple: the morning being come, and 
nding not the bodie of the child,he wasvery fad. Af 


fooneas /cita knew thereof, he refolued to puthim to. 


death ; and fentby the tract, which he faid the wolues 
went,and found the bodie ofthe child, and the wolfe 
dead a littlebeyond : whereat /cita was much conten- 
ted with the Chriftian, and withthe watch which hee 
kept inthe Temple, and from thence forward eltee- 
med him much. Three yeeres after hee fell into his 
hands, there came another Lord, called 1zZecoge,who 


dwelleth two daiesiourny fromthe Port, and burned daiesiournie. 
histowne. /cita fledto another towne thathe had in o™ Vcita» 


another fea port. Thus John Ort:z loft his office and fa- 
vour that he had with him.. Theie people being wor- 
fhippers of the diuell; are wont:to offer vp vnto him: 
theliues and blood of their Indians,or of any. other. 
people they cancome by: andthey report;that when. 
he will hauethem doe that facrifice vnto him,he {pea-. 
keth with them,andtelleth them that he is athirf{t; and: 
willeth them to facrifice vnto him.. John Ort:X had no-. 
tice by the damfell that had deliuered him fromy fire,, 
how her father was determined to facrifice himy day. 
- following, who willed him to fleeto Mococa : for thee: 
knew. he would vfe him wel: for fhe heard fay,tbathe. 
hadasked for him, and {aid hee would bee glad to fee: 
him : and becaufe he knew not the way,fhe went with: 
him halfe a league out of the towneby night, and fet: 
him inthe way, &¢ returned, becaufe fhe would notbe: 
difcouered. ohn Ortiz tuauailed allthat night, and by; 


¢morming. came vatoaRiver,which isin the territorie’A Riuers 
on of 


I yojee 


24.  Lhedifcouericof Florida, . 
of Mocoga:and therehe faw two Indiansfifhing sand 
‘becaufe they were in war with the people of /cita, and 
their languages were different, andheeknew not the 
laguage ot Mococo, he was afraid,becaufe he could not 
tell chem who hee was,norhow hee came thither, nor 
was ableto an{wer any thing for himfelfe, thar they 
would killhim, taking him for one ofthe Indians of 
V cita, and betore they efpied him ,he came to the place 
where they had laid their weapons : & affoone as they 
{aw him,they fled toward the towne,and although he 
willed thé to ftay,becanfehe meant to do thé no hurt, 
yet they vnderftood him not,and ran away as faft as e- 
uer they could. And affone as they came to the towne 
_» with great outcries, many: Indians came forth againtt 
“~" him,and began to compaffe him to fhooteat him: ohn 
— Ortiz {eeing himfelfe in {o greatdanger, fheilded him: 
felfe with certaine trees,and beganto fhreekeout, and 
crievery loud,and to tell them thathe wasa'Chriftian, 
and that he was fled from /cita,-and.was cometo fee 
and ferne sfococohis Lords Itpleafed God thatat that 
very inftant there came thither an Indian that could 
Ipeake the language and vnderftood him ; and pacifi- 
ed the reft ;who: told them what hee faid: Then ran 
fromhencethreeorfoure Indiansito beare the newes 
totheir Lord: who came foortha quartcrof aleague 
from the townetoreceiuehim; and was very glad of 
him. Hecaufed hin prefently to fiveareaccordi ng@to 
the cuftomeof the Chriftians, thathee would not fun: 
away from hittoany ctherLord: and promifedhim’ 
toentreate him very well; and that ifatany time there: 
came any:Chriftians into that countrie,he would free.’ 
lydcthim goesandgiue him leauetogoe to themrand> 
| hkewifetooke his othto performe the fameaccordimg: 
io. Lae to 


next adtoyning to Virginia, 25 
tothe Indian:ctiftome.: About three yeeres after’ cer- 
taine Indians, which were fifhing at fea two leagues 
from thetowne,brought newes to -Aococo that they Moco¢o his 
had feene fhips: and hee called Zohn Ortiz, and gaue “yn ae 
him leave to go his way: who taking his leave of him, the tea. 
with all the hafte he could came to the fea, and finding 
no fhips,he thought itto befome deceit, and that the 
Cacique had done the fame tolearnehis mind. Sohe 
dwelt with Mococo nine yeeres,with {mall hope of {ee- 
ing any Chriftians. Affooneas our Gouernorarriued 
in Florida, it was knowne to Mococo,& ftraightway he 
fignified to John Ortiz,that Chriftians were lodged in 
the rowne of Ycita: And he thought he had tefted with 
him,as hee had done before,and told him, that by this 
time he had forgotten the Chriftians, and thought of 
nothing elfé but to ferue him. Buthe affured him thae 
it was fo,and gaue him licence to goe vnto them: fay- 
ing vnto him, thatif hee would not doeit, and if the 
Chriftians fhould goe their way, he fhould not blame 

him, for hee had fulfilled that which he had promifed 
him.The ioy of Johz Ortiz was fo great,that hee could 

not beleeue that it was true: notwithftanding he gaue 
him thankes,and tooke his leaue of him: and Afocece 
gaue him tenne or eleuen principall Indians to beare 
him companie: and as they wenttothe port where 
the Gouernour was, they met with Baltafar de Galligos, 
as I haue declared before. Affoone as he was cometo 

the campe, the Gouernour commanded togiue him 
afute of apparrell, and very good armour, anda faire 
horfe; and enquired ofhim, whether hee had notice 
ofany countrie, where there was any gold orfiluer? 
He anfwered,No, becaufe he neuer went ten leagues 
eompafic from the place where he dwelt: Butthae 


30° 


WH tives: 


Wii apie: 


Paracofli 30. 
leagues from 


fito Santo, 


26 = The iehaane of Florida, 


30. leagues from thence dwelt an Indian Lord,which 


_ Puertode Spi- was Called ParocofZ,to whom Mocecoand Veita, with al 


the reft of that coaft paied tribute,and that hee perad- 
venture might haue notice of fome good countrie : 


- and that his land was better then that of the fea coaft, 


and more fruitfull and plentifull of maiz. Whereof 


the Gouernour receiued great contentment; and {aid — 


thathe defired no more then to finde victuals,that hee 
might goe intothe maineland, forthe land of Florida, 
was fo large,that in one place or other there could not 
chufe but bee fome rich Countrie. The Cacique -Mo- 
coco came to the Port to vifitthe Gouernor, and made 
this fpeech following. | : 

Right hie andmightie Lord, I being leffer in mine owne 
conceit for to obey you, then any of pe which you haue va- 
der your command ; and greater in defire to doe you greater 
feruices,doeappeare before your Lord[hip with (0 much confi- 
dence ofreceiuing fanour, as if in effect this my good will 
were manifelted unto you in workes : not for the {mall feruice 
idid vnto you touching the Chriftian which 1 had in my 
power,in giuing hin freely bis lbertie, (For Iwas bound to 
doe it to preferue mine honour, and that which I bad promé- 
fed him :)but becanfeit is the part of great men to ve great 
magnificences : Anal am perfwaded, that as in bodily per- 


Sections and commanding of good people, you doe exceede all 


anen in the world, (0 likewife you doe in the parts of the minde, 
in which you may boaft of the bountie of nature. The fanour 
which I hope for of your Lordfhip is, that you would hold mee 
for yours, and bethinke your felfeto command me any thing, 
wherein Imay doe you feruice. : vars 
The Gouernour anfwered him, That althoughin 
freeing and fending him the Chriftian, he had prefer- 


ued his honour and promife,yet hethanked him, ae 
‘wee 1 | held. — 


next adioyning to Uirginia. 27 


held it in fuch efteeme, as it had no‘comparifon; and 
— thathee would alwaies hold him as his brother,and 
would fauour him inall things to the vtmott of his 
power. Then hecommanded a fhirt to be giuen him, 
and other things,wherewith the Cacique being verie 
well contented, tooke his leauc of him, aud departed 


to his owne towne. 


iN: PC eaniX sling kom 
How the Gouernour fent the fhipsto Cuba: andlef? an 
hundred men at the Hanen de Spirito Santo, and 
himjelf with the reft of his people went into the maine 
land. 1 Oot 3730 “ 


= 
= 
ri 


Rom the Port de Spirito Santo where the 
“jy Gouernourlay,hefentthe Alcalde Mayor 
wie Baltafar de Gallegos with 50. horf{emen,and 

SASSI) 30. or 40. footemento the prouince of Pa- 
raco/%,to view the difpofition’of the countrie, and en- 
forme himfclfe of the land farther inward,and to fend 
him word offuch things as he found. Likewife he fent 
his fhippesbacketo the Ifland of Cuba,that they might - 
returne withina certaine time with viduals. Ya/ques 
Porcalto de figueroa, which went with the Gouernour 
as Captaine Generall,(whofe principall intent was to 
fend flaues from Florida, tothe Ifland of Cuba, where 
he had his goods and mines;)hauing made {ome in- 
rodes,and feeingno Indians were to be got, becaufe of 
the great bogs and thicke woods y were in the Coun- 
trie,confidering the difpofition of the farne, determi- 
ned to returne to Cada. And though there was fome 
difference between him & the Gouernor, whereupon 


they neither dealt nor conuerfed together with good 


E2 | coun 


Paracoff. 


28  Thedifcouerieof Florida, 
countenance,yet notwithftanding with louing words 
he asked him leaueand departed trom him. Baltafar de 
Gallégos cameto the Paracofz: There cameto him 3o. 
Indians from the Cacique, which was abfent from his 
towne, and one ofthem made this fpeech : | Bang 
Paracofi, the Lord of this prowince, whofe vaffals we are, 
fendah vs unto your worfhip,to know what it is that you 
fecke in this his Countrie,and wherein he may doe you feruice. 
Baltafar de Gallegos {aid vnto him, that hee thanked 
them very much for their offer, willing them to warne 
their Lord to come to his towne, and that there they 
wouldtalke and confirme their peace and friend{hip, 
which he much defired. The Indians went their way, 
and returned the next day,and faid,that their Lord was. 
it at eafe,and therefore could not come, but that they 
came on his behalfe to fee what he demanded. Heas- 
ked them ifthey knew or had notice ofany rich Coun- 
trie where there was gold orfiluer. They toldthem, 
they did: and that toward the Weft, there wasa Pro- 
uince which was called Caf. and that others that in- 
habited other Countries. had warre with the people 
of that Countrie,where the moft part of the yeere was _ 
fommer,and that there was much gold:and that when 
thofe their enemies came to make warre with them of 
Cale,thefe inhabitants of Cale did weare hats ofgold,in 
manner of head peeces. Baltafar de Gallegos, feeing that 
the Cacique came not, thinking all that they faid was 


~ fained,with intent that in the meane time they might 


fetthemfelues in fafetie, fearing, that if he didletthem 
goe, they would returne no more, commanded the 

thirty Indians to be chained,and fent wordto the Go- 
uernour,by eight horfemen,what had pafled: whereof 

the Gouernour with al that were with him,atthe oS 
2 ) GE 


next adioyning-to Virginia. 29 
de Spirito Santo receiued great comfort, fuppofing, that 
that which theIndians reported, might be truc. Hee 
left Captaine Calderan at the Port, with thirtie horfe- 
men,andfeuentie footemen, with prouifion for two 
yeeres, and himfelfe with all the reft marched into 
the maine Jand, and came to the Paracof, at whole Shales: 
towne Baltafar de Gallegos was : and from thence 
with all his men tooke the way to Cae. He paffedby a 
little rowne,called Actla,and came to another, called Acela. 
Tocaffe: and from thence hee went before with 30. Tecate. 
horfemen,and5o. footemen toward Cale. And paf- another 
fing by. atowne, whence the people were fled, they towne. 
{aw Indians alittle from thence ina lake;to whom the 4 rake, 
Interpretour fpake. They came vnto them and gaue 
them an Indian fora guide: and hee came toa River A {wife Rivess. 
witha greatcurrent,and vpon a tree, which wasin the 
-midtt of it, was made abridge, whereon the men pal- 
fed: the horles fwam ouer by a hawfer, that they: 
were pulled by from the otherfide: for one, which 
- they droue in at the firft without it, was. drowned: 
From thence the Governour. {ent two horfemen to 
his. people that were behind,to make hafte after him ;: 
becaule the way grew long, and their viduals fhort.. 
Hee cameto Ca/e, and found the towne without peo- Cale. 
le. He tooke three Indians. which were {pies,and tar- 
ried there for his people that came after, which were 
fore vexed with hunger and euill waies, becaufe the 
Countrie was very barren of Maiz.low,and full of wa- 
ter,bags, and thicke woods ; and the viduals, which 
they brought with them from the Port de Spirito Sani, 
-were{pent. Wherefoeuerany towne was found, there: 
were fome beetes, and hee that came firft gathered. | 


them, and fodden with water and falt,did eate them 
3 EB 2. ! with ; 


30 Lhedifcouerie of Florida, 
without any other thing ; and fuch as could not get 
them, gathered the ftalkes of Maiz and €ate them, 
which becaufe they wereyoung had no Maizin them. 
when they came to the Riuer which the Gouernour 
had pafled,they found palmitos vpon low Palmetrees 
like thofe of LAndalu%ia. There they metwiththetwo 

_horfémen which the Gouernour fentvnto them, and 
they brought newes that in Calethere was plentie of 
Maiz ; at whichnewes they all reioyced. Affoone as 
they came to Cale, the Gouiernour commanded them 
to gather all the Maiz that wasri peinthe field, which | 
was {ufficient for three moneths. At the gathering of 
itthe Indianskilled three Chriftians, and one of them 
which weretaken told the Gouernour, that within fe. 
uen daies iournie,there wasa very steat Prouince,and 
plentifull of Maiz, which was called Apalache. And 
prefently heedeparted from Cale with 50. horfemen, 
and 60. footemen. He leftthe mafter ofthe Campe 

_ Lays de Mofcofo with all the reft of the people there, 

with charge that hee fhould not depart thence yntil] 
he had word from him. And becaufe hitherto none 
had gotten any flaues, the bread that cucry one was to 
€ate, he was faine himfelfe to beate in a morter made 
inapeeceof timber with a peftle, and fome ofthem 

did fift the flower th tough their fhirts of maile. They 
baked their bread Vpon certaine tilefhares which they 
fet ouer the fire, in fuch fort as heretofore I haue faid 
they vfe to doe in Cuba. It is fo troublefome to grind 
their Maiz, that there were many that would rather 


Hot eateit, then grind it: and dideasé the Maiz parch- 
edand fodden. | | 


next adioyning to ‘Virginia. 31 


-Cuap. XI 


How the Gonernour came to Caliquen, asd carrying 
from thence the Cacique with Lim went to Napetu- 


cawhere the Indians fought to hane taken him from 


him,andinan affault many of them were laine, ana 


taken prifoners. 


55) He 11. dayof Auguft 1539. the Go- 
\Wuifhal uernour departed from Cale ; hee 


“ayy, lodgedin alittle town-called Yrara, Yar 


“8 andthe next day in another called 
=<=4| Potano, and the third day atVtina- 
| ma, and came to another towne, 


: which they named the towne of E- The towne of 
wil peace ; becaufe an Indian came in peace, faying, Eull!peace. 


That he was the Cacique, and that he with his people 


would ferne the Gouernour, and that ifhe would fet . 


free 28. perfons,men and women, which his men had 
taken the night before,he would command prouifion 
tobe brought him,and would giue hima guide to in- 
ftructhim in his way: The Gouernour commanded 
them tobefetatlibertie, andto keepe him in fafegard. 
- The nextday inthe morning there came many Indi- 
 ans,and fet themfelues round about the towne neere 
to a wood. The Indian wifhed them to carrie hint 
neere them ; and thathe would {peake vnto them,and 
affure them,and thatthey would doe whatfoeuer hee 
- commandedthem. And when he faw himfelfe neere 
- vnto them:hebrake from them, and ranaway fo {wift- 
_ ly from the Chriftians, that there was none thatcould 
- ouertakehim,andall of them fledintothe woods. The 
| Gouernour commanded to loofe a grayhound, which 
| ! Was: 


32  Lhedifcouerieof Florida, - 
was alreadie flefhedon them, which paffingbymany 
other Indians, caught the counterfait Cacique,which 
had efcaped from the Chriftians,and held himuill they 
cametotake him. From thence the Gouerniour lod- 
Cholupsha, gedata towne called Cholupaha: and becaufeit had 
ftore of Maiz init, they named it Vela farta. Beyond 
ARiuer. —_ the fame there was a Riuer,on which he madeabridge 
of timber, and trauelled two daies through a defert. 
Caliquen. ~The 17. of Auguft,he came to Caliquen, where he was 
informed of the Prouince of Apalache: They toldhim 
that Pamphilo de Naraaex had bin there, and that there 
hee tooke fhipping, becaufe hee could find no way to 
oe forward : That there was none other towneatal, _ 
| bar that on both fides was all water. The wholecom- 
panie were very fad for thefe newes; and.counfelled 
the Gouernour to goebacke to the Port de Spirito San- 
to, andto abandon the Countrie of Florida, lefthee 
fhould perith as NarwaeX had done : declaring, that if 
he went forward, hecouldnot returne backe when he 
would, and thatthe Indians would gather vp that 
{mall quantitie of Maiz which was left. Whereunto 
the Goucrnouranfwered, that he would not go backe, 
tillhe had feene with his eies that which they repor- 
ted : faying,that he could notbeleeue it, and that wee 
fhould be put out of doubt before it were long. And. 
hefentto Lays de Mofcofe to come prefently from Ca- 
de,and that he tarried for him here. Luys de Mofcofoand 
many others thought, that from 4paluche they fhould 
returne backe ; and in Ca/e they buried their yron — 
tooles,and diuers other things. They came to Caliqnen 
with great trouble; becaufe the Countrie, which the 
Gouernor had pafled by; wasfpoiled and deftituteof 
Maiz. Afterall the people were come together, hee 
: com- 


next adioyning to Uirginia. 23 


commanded a bridge to bee made ouera River that 4 River. 


paffed neerethe towne. Hee departed from Ca/quen 
the 10.0f September, and carried the Cacique with 
him.: After hee had trauelled three daies, there came 
Indians peaceably, tovifit their Lord, and euery day 
met vs on the way playing vpon flutes: which isa to- 
ken that they vfe, that men may know that they come 
in peace. They faid,that in our way before there was a 
Cacique,whofe name was /’zachil, a kinfeman of the 
Cacique of Caliqnew their Lord,waiting for him with 
many prefents,and they defired the Gouernor that he 
would loofe the Cacique. But he would not, fearing 
that they would rife, and would not giue him any 
guides, & fentthem away from day to day with good 
words. Hetrauelled fiue daies,he paffed by fome {mal 
townes,he came toatowne called Napetuca,the 15.day 


of September. Thither came 14.0r15. Indians, and Napewca. 


befought § Gouernor to let loofe the Cacique of Ca- 
liquen their Lord. He an{wered them thathe held him 
not in prifon, but that hee would haue him toaccom- 
- panie him to¥zachil. The Gouernour had notice by 
John Ortiz, that an Indian told him how they deter- 
mined to gather themfelues together, and come vpon 
him,and giue him battell, and take away the Cacique 
fromhim. The day that it was agreed vpon, the Go- 
uernour commanded his men to beein areadines,and 
that the horfemen fhould bee readie armed and on 
horfebacke euery one in his lodging,becaufe the Indi- 
ans might not fee them,and fo more confidently come 
tothetowne. There came foure hundred Indians in 
fight of the campe with their bowes and arrowes, and 
pee themfelues ina wood, and fent two Indians to 
id the Gouernour to deliuer them the Cacique. The 
ANOm. | Be Gouernour 


‘Two very 
grcat lakes. 


34 The difconerie of Florida, 


Gouernour with fixe footemen leading the Cacique 
by the hand,and talking with him, to fecure the Indi- 
ans, went toward the place where they were: And {ee- 
ing afit time, commanded to found a trumpet :.and 
prefently thofe that were in the towne inthe houfes, 


_ both horfe and foot, fet vpon the Indians,which were 


fo fuddenly affaulted,that the greateft care they had 
was which way they {hould flee: They killed two hor- 
fes; one wasthe Gouernours, and heewas prefently 
horfed againe vpon another. There, were 30. or 40. 
Indians flaine. The reft fled to two very great lakes, 
that were fomewhat diftant the one from the other: 
There they were {wimming,and the Chrittians round 


_ aboutthem. The calieuermenand croflebowmen fhot 


at them from the banke ; but the diftance being grear, 


~_and fhooting afarre off, they did them no hurt. The 


Gouernour commanded that the fame night they 
fhould compaffe one of thelakes,becaufe they were {6 
great, thatthere were not mé enow to compaflethem 
both: being befet,aflooneas night fhutin, the Indians, 
with determination to runne away, came {wimming 
very foftly to the banke; and to hide themfelues, they 


put a water lillie leafe on their heads. The horfemen af 


fooneas they perceiuedit to ftirre, ran into the water 


to the horfés breafts, and the Indians fled againe into 
thelake. So this night paffed without any refton both 
fides. lobm Ortix perfwaded them, that feeing they 


could notefcape,they fhould yeeld themfeluesto the 
Gouernour: which they did; enforced thereunto by 


the coldnes of the water; and one by one, hee firlt 
whom the cold did firt ouercome, cried to ohn Ort x; 


defiring tharthey would not killhim; forshe: came to - 


put himielfe into the hands ofthe Gonernour: Ry'the 


morning — 


Se ee ee a 


nextadioyningto Virginia. 35 
‘morning watch they made an end ofyeelding them- 
felues ::only 12. principall men, being more honora- 
ble and valorous then the reft, refolued rather to die 
then to come into his hands. And the Indians of Para- 
cof, which were now loofed out of chaines, went 
{wimming tothcm, and pulled them out by the haire 
of their heads,and they were all put in chaines; and 
the next day were divided among the Chriftians for 


their feruice. Being thus in captiuitie, they determi- A newcon- 
ned torebell, and gaue in charge to an Indian, which ‘Pitacie. 


“was interpretour,and held tobe valiant, that affoone 
as the Gouernour did come to {peake with him, hee 
fhould caft his handsabout hisnecke, and choke him: 
Who,whéhe faw opportunitie,laid hands on the Go- 
vernour,and before he caft his hands about his necke, 


he gaue him fucha blow on the noftrils,that hee made 


them gufh out with blood,-and prefently allthe reft 
didrife. Hethat could getany weapons at hand, or 
the handle wherewith he did grind the Maiz, fought 


_ -tokill his mafter,or the firfthee met before him: and 


hee that could geta lance or {word at hand, beftirred 
himfelfe in fuch fort with it, as though he had vied it 
all his life time. One Indian in the market place enclo- 
fed betweene prs. or 20. footemen, madea way like a 
bull with afword in his hand, till certaine halbardiers 
of the Gouernour came, which killed him. Another 
gat vp witha lance toa loft made of canes, which they 
buildto keepetheir Maiz in, which they calla Barba- 
coa,and there hee made fuch a noife, as though tenne 
men had been there defending the doore: they flew 
him witha partifan. The Indians were inall abouttwo 


hundred men. ‘1 hey were all fubdued. And fome of 19 hundred 


‘the youngeft che Gouernour gaue to them which had 
ee F2 good 


Indians taken. 


} (race 


A Riuer. 


Hapaluyaa 
great towne. 
Veachil. 


* Aboboras, 


36  Lhedifconerieof Florida, 


good chaines,and were carefull to looke to them that 
they gatnotaway.Al the reft he commanded tobe put 
to death, being tied to a ftake in the midft of the mar- 
ket place: and the Indians of the Paracof% did thoote 
them to death. ores of 


Cuap. XII. 
How the Gouernour came to Apalache, and was infor 
med,that within theland,there was much gold. 


site Gouernour departed from DNepetuca 
the23. of September: helodged bya Ri- 
ver, where two Indians brought him a 
buck from the Cacique of Vzachif. The 
next day he pafled by a great towne called 


% a) 
ew. 


OA 
Seto. 


= 


Hapaluya; and lodged at VRachil, andfound no peo- 


ple in it,becaufe they durft not tarrie for the notice the 
Indians had of the flaughter of Napetwca. He foundin 
that towne great ftore of Maiz, trench-beanes, and 
*pompions, which is their foode, and that where- 
with the Chriftians there fuftained themfelues. The 
Maiz is like courfe millet,and the pompions are better 


-and more fauorie then thofe of Spaine. From thence 
the Gouernouz fent two Captaines cach a fundry way 
to feeke the Indians. They tookean hundred menand 


‘women: of which afwel there as in other places where 


they made any inrodes,the Captaine chofe one ortwo 


for the Gouernour, and diuided the-reft.to himfelfe, | 


and thofe that went with him. They led thefé Indians 
in chaines with yron collars about their néckes ; and 


they ferued to carrie their ftuffe, and to grind their. 


- Maiz,and for other feruices that fuch captiues:could —— 
‘doe. Sometimes ithappened that going for wood or 


Maiz 


next adigning toUirginia, 37 
Maiz with them, they killed the Chriftian thatiled 
them,andran away withthe chaine : others filed their 
chaines by night with a peece of ftone, wherewith 
they-cut them,and vie it in ftead of yron. Thofe that 
were perceiued paid for them({elues, and for the reft, 
becaufethey fhould not dare to doe the likeanother iy 
me. The women and young boyes, when they were ag 
once an hundred leagues from. their Countrie,.and 


had forgotten things, they letgoe loofe, and fothey ie 
ferued; and in avery fhort {pace they vnderftood the i 


language of the Chriftians. From /Zachilthe Gouer- 
nour departed toward _Apalache,: and In tWO GAMES gosctee ds 
iournie, hee came to a towne called Axilie, and from Axille. 


‘thence forward the Indians were careleffe, becaufe i 
they had.as yet nonotice of the Chrittians... The next ip 


day inthe:morning, the firft of OGober, he departed » piney’ 


oR ow 


from thence,and commanded abridge to beemadeo- 
neraRiuer which hee wastopafie. The deepe of the 
Riuer where the bridge was made, was a {tones cat, 

and forward a:ctoffebow fhot the water cameéto thie 
wafte;and the wood, whereby the Indians came to fee 
ifthey could defend the paflage, and difturbe thofe 
which made the bridge,was very hieandthicke. The 
croflebow men fo beftirred them{elues.that th ey made 
them giue back: and certain plancks were caftintothe | 


Se a see 
a a 


SSS 


SSS Ses 


er Sa Me 


Riuer, whereon the men pafled,which made sood the i. 
paflage: The Gouernor paffed vpo Wednefday which i. 


was S. Francis hisday, and lodged at atowne which | | 
sas called Vitachuco, fubiectto Apalache.: hefoundhit Vitachuce. 
burning ; for the Indians had fet it on fire.’ From 

thence forward the countrie was much inhabited, and’ 

had great {tore of Maiz. Hee paffed by many granges. 

like hamlets.On Sunday the:2 5.0f Odtober, he came QGober 255. 
10 : F 3, ) tO: 


‘Thedifcouerie of Piorida, . | 
O atowne,which is called Faelasandvpon Tuefday to 
CAbaita \Apalache, where the Lordof all hat Coy ne 
trleand Prouince was refident : in which towne the 
Campematter, whofe office it is to:quarter ons, and 
lodge men, did lodge all the companie round about 
within a-league, and halfe a leacue of it. "There were 
other rownes, where was great ftbre of Maiz, Pompi- 
ons, French Beanes,and Piummes of the Countrie, 
which are’ better then tho Of Spaive, and they gtow 
inthe fields without planting. The vi@uals that were 
thought neceffatie to paffe the Avi Ater; were gathered 
from thefe townes.td. Aasica Apalache. The Gouer. 
nour was informed, that the fea wasten leagues from 
thence. Hee prefently fent a Captaine thither with 
Rorfemen and footemen + And fixe leagues onthe 


me 


1, Way,he founda towne,which wasnamed Ochete, and 


focameto the fea; and found a greattree felled, and 
cut into peeces,with flakes fet vp like mangers,and faw 
theskulles of horfes; Hee returned with: this newes, 
And thatwas held for certainewhich was reported of 
Pamphilo de Naruaez, that there hee had builded the 
barkes wherewith he went-our of the land of Florida, 
and was caft away at Sea. Prefently the Gouernour 
lent John Dazafcowith 30. horfemen to the port de Spi- 
vite Santo, where Calderaniwas, with order, that they 
fhould abandon the port, andall ofthemcometo 4. 
palache. He departed on Saturday ther7.of Nouem- 
ber. In 7Xachitand other townes that ftoodin the way 
he found gtearftore of people alreadie.careleffe. Hee 
wouldtake nsneof theIndia ns, fornoth indring him: 
" felfe,becaufeit behooued him to giue them no leafure 
to gather themfelues together. Hz paffed through the 
~~ townesbynightand tetted withoutthetownes three 


E 


~ 7 : ' . 7 . J 


next adioyning to‘Wirginia. 39. 


or foure houres!: Intenne daies he came to the Port ThePort de 
de Spirito Santo. Hecarried with him zo. Indian wo- "lise 


men, which he tookein Ytara, and Potano, neere VOLO ious nic from 
Cale; and fent them to: Donna Ifabellain.the two cara» Apelache- 


ucls, whichheefentfrom the Port de Sririto Susteto 
Cuba. And he carriedall the footemen in che brigan- 
dines,and coafting along the (hore, came to Apalache, 
And Calderan with the horfemen, and fome crofic-: 
bowmenon foote went by land; and in fome places: 
the Indiansfet-vpom him, and wounded. {ome ‘of his: 
men. Affooneas hecame to Apalache; prefently the: 
Gouernour fentfawed plankes and {pikes to the fea- 
fide, wherewith was made a piragna or barke,wherein 
were embarked 30. men wellarmed; which went out 
of the Bay to the Sea, looking for che brigandines,. 
Sometimesthey tought with the Indians, which pat- 
fedalong the harbour in their canoes. Vpon Satur- 


day the 29. of Nouember;, there came: anIndiani Nouem2s: 


through the Watch vndifconered, and {fet the towne’ 
on fiteand withthe great wind that blew,two parts of 
it were confumed ina fhorttime.On Sonday the 28.0f 


December came lobn Daznfco with the brigandines, Decem28. 


The Gouernourfent Franci[ca Ataldonadoa Captaine 
of footemen withso. men to difcouer rhe coaft' Welt- 
ward,and to fecke {ome Port,becaufe he had determi-. 
ned to go by land,and difcouer y part. That day there: 


wentout eight horfemen by commandement of the 
Gouernor into the field, two leagues about thetowne . 


to feeke Indians : for they were now fo emboldened, 
that within twocroffebow fhot of §camp, they came 


and flew men. They foundtwo men anda woman ga- - 
thering French Beanes : the men, though they might: 


kaue fled, yet becaufe chey would not leaue the wo. 


mans, 


ieoer 


Ochus 60, 
leagues Weft 
of Apalache. 


Chap. 14. 


40  Thedi/conorie of Florida, 


~man,which was one oftheir wiues, they refolued to: 


dic fighting : and before they were flaine,they woun- 
ded three horfes, whereof one died within a few 
daics after. Calderan going withhis men by the Sea- 
coaft, from a wood that wasneere the place, the In- 
dians fet vpon him,and made him forfakehis way, and 
many of them that went with him forfooke fome ne- 
ceflarie victuals, which they carried with them.Three 
or foure daies after the limited time giuen bythe Go- 
uernourto Maldonado for his going and comming, be- 
ing alreadie determined and refolued, if within eight 
daies he did notcome,to tarrie no longer for him, he 
came, and broughtan Indian from a Province, which. 
was called Ochus,fixtie leagues Weftward from U4pa- 
lache; where he had found agood Portofgood depth 
and defenfe againft weather. And becanfe the Gouer- 


nor hoped to finda good countrie forward,he was ve- 
» ~rywell contented. And hefent Maldonado for vituals 


to Hauana,with order, that he fhould tarriefor him at 
the Port of Ochs, which hee had difcouered, forhee 
would goefeeke it by land: and ifhefhould chanceto 


“ftay,and not come thither that f{ummer, thatthen hee 


fhouldreturne to Hauana, and fhould comeagaine the 
next {ummer after, and tarrie for him at that port : for 
hee {aid hee would doe none other thing but goe to 


feeke Ochws. Francifco Maldonado departed, and in his 


place for Capraine ofthe footemen remained John de 


2) Gaxman. Of thofe Indians which weretakenin Na- 
9 petuca, the treafurer John Gaytan had a young man, 
99 Which faid, that he was not ofthat Countrie, but of a= 
»» nother farre off toward the Sunrifing, and thatit was 
»» long fince he had trauelledto fee Countries ; andthat 
>) his Countrie was called Yupaha,and that a woman did 


- gouerne 


next adtoyning toUirginia. = 41 
gouerneit: and thatthetowne where fhe was refident ,, 
was of a wonderfull bigneffe, and that many Lords ,, 
roundabout were tributaries to her: and fome gaue ,, 
her clothes, and others gold in abundance: and hee Abundance 
told, how it was taken out of the mines,and was moul- 8°! 
ten and refined,as if hee had feene it done, or the diuel ,, 
had taughtit him. So that all thofe which knew any ,, 
thing concerning the fame, faid that it wasimpoffible 

to gine fo good a relation, without hauing feene it: 
Andalfofthem, asif they had feeneit, by the fignes 

that he gaue,beleeued all that he faid to be true. 


Cuar. XIII. . 
How the Gouernour departed from Apalache to feeke 
Yupaha,and of that which happened unto him, 


, 1540 


PAW veere 154.0. the Gouernor departed from 
A Bee Al Anaica Apalache to {eeke Yupaha. Hecom- 
ps 243) manded his men to goe prouided with 

Maiz for fixtie leagues of defert. The horfemen car- 

tied their Maiz on their horfes, and the footemen at 

their fides : becaufe the Indians that were for fernice, 

with their miferable life that they lead that winter, be- 

ing naked and in chaines,died for the moftpart.With- , | a riuer 
in foure daiesiournie they came toa great River: and : 
they madea piragua or ferrie bore, and becaufe of the 

great current,they madea cable with chaines, which _ 

the faftened on both fides of the Riuer; and the fer- 
tie bute wentalong by it, and the horfes fwam ouer, 

being drawne with capftans. Hauing paffed the Riuer, 

in a day and an halfe, they came to atowne called Ca- Capachiqui. 
pachiqni. V pon Friday, the 11-0f March, they- found 

eae | G Indians 


{f5 x N Wedenfday the third of March, of the Mah the 3. 


aa 


+ a 


ated 


Foalii.. 


42 The difcouerie of. Florida, | 


Indians in armes. Thenext day fiue Chriftians wene 


to feeke morters,which the Indians haue to beate their 
Maiz,and they wentto certaine houfes on the back- 
fide of the Campe enuironed with a wood: And with- 
in the wood were many Indians which came to {pie 
vs ; ofthe which came other fiueand fet vpon vs.One 


_of the Chriftians came running away, giuing an a-_ 
larme vnto the Campe.Thofe which were moft readie 


an{wered the alarme. They found one Chriftian dead, 
and three fore wounded. The Indians fled vntoa lake 
adioyning neerea very thicke wood, where the horfes 
could notenter. The Gouernour departed from Ca- 
pachiqui,and pafled througha defert. On Wed nefday 
the 21. ofthe moncth he came toa towne galled T 0- 
alli: And from thence forward there wasa difference 
inthehoufes. Forthofe which were behind vs were 
thatched with ftraw, and thofe of TozMi were couered 


-withreeds,in manner of tiles. Thefe houfesare verie 
cleanly. Some of them had walles daubed with clay, 


which fhewed like a mudwall.. Inall the cold Coun- 
trie the Indians haue euery onea houfe for the winter 
daubed with clay within and without, and thedoore 
is very little: they fhutit by night, and make fire with= 
in; fo that they are init as warme asinaftoue: and fo 
it continueth all night that they need not clothes : and 
befides thefe,they hane others for f{ummer ;and their 
kitchins neere them, where they make fireandbake 
their bread: and they haue barbacoas wherein they 
keepe their Maiz which isan houfe fer vp inthe aire 
vpon foure ftakes,boorded about likea chamber, and 
the floore of itis of cane hurdles. The differéce which 


Lords or principall mens houfes hate from the reft, 


befides they be greater, is, that they haue greargalle- 
rieliomd: Yat ries, 


a Se ee ee ee ee ee 


ws : won coh 
ee a ea a 


next adioyning to Virginia. 4. 
ries in their fronts, and vnder them feates made of 
canes in manner of benches: and round about them 
they haue many lofts, wherein they lay vp that which 
the Indians doe giue them for tribute, which is Maiz, 

Deeres skins,and mantles of the Countrie,which are 

like blankets:they make them of the inner rinde of the | 

barkes of trees, and fome ofa kind of graffe like vnto 4 orate tite 

nettles,which being beaten, is like vnto flaxe. The wo- flaxe. 

men couer themfelues with thefe mantles; they put 

‘one about them from the waft downeward ; and ano- 

ther ouer their fhoulder, with their rightarme out, like 

vntotheBgyptians. Themen weare butone mantle 

vpon their fhoulders after the fame manner: and haue 

theirfecrets hid witha Deeres skin, made likea linen 

breech,which was wontto be vied in Spaine. The skins 

are well corried, and they giue them what colour they Excellene 
‘Jift, fo perfedt, thatif itbe red, it feemetha very fine ©!ous. 

cloth in graine,and the blackeis moft fine: and of the 

fame leather they make fhooes;and they die their man- 

tles in the fame colours. The Gouernour departed 

- from Toalithe 24. 0f March: he cameon Thurfday at 
_ evening toafmall Riuer, where a bridge was made A fait 

whereon the people pafled, and Benit FernandeXa Por- River, 
tugall fell offfrom it, and was drowned: Affoone as 

the Gouernour had pafled the Riuer, a little diftance 

thencehefoundatowne called Zchefe. TheIndians _- 

hadno notice of the Chriftians: they leaped intoa heats 

River’: fome men and women were taken; among 

which was one that vnderftood the youth which gui- 

ded the Gouernour to Yapaha: whereby that which 
hehad reported was more confirmed. For they had 
paffed through Countries of diuers languages, and 

| fome which hevnderfteod not. The Gouernour a 

| re . G 2 : y ; 


a 


Tiere 


Catt ta uals 


A River very 
well (nha. 


bited. 


a4  Thedifcouerieof Florida, 
by one of the Indians that weretaken to call the Caci- 
que,which was on the other fide of the Riuer. Hee 
came and made this{peech following: ¥rly 
Right high right mightie,and excellent Lord thofe things 
which feldome happen doe caufe admiration, What then may 
the fight of your Lordfhip, and your people doe to mee and 
mine,whom we neuer far 2 efpecially being mounted on fuch 
fierce beafts as your horfes are, entring with {uch vialence 
and furie into my Countrie, without my knowledge of your 
comming. It was a thing fo flrange, and caufed {uch feare 
and terrour in our mindes, that it was not in our power to 
flay and receine your Lordfhip with the folemnitie due to fo 
high and renowned a Prince, as your Lerdfbip is. And trtt- 
fling in your greatne(fe and fingular vertues, I doenot onely 
hope to be freed from blame,but alfo toreceiue fanours : and 
the fir(t which I demand of your Lordlhip ts, that you will ufé 
me,wsy Countrie, and (ubsects as your owne: and the fecond, 
that you will tell mee who you are,and whence youcome, and 
whither you goe, and what you feeke, that I the better may 
ferue you therein. 
The Gouernour anfwered him, that hee thanked 
him as much for his offer and good will, as ifhee had 
receiued it, and.asif heehad offered hima great trea- 
fure: and told him that he was the fonne of the Sun, 
and came from thofe parts where he dwelt,and trauel- 
led through that Countrie, and fought the greateft — 
Lord,and richeft Prouince that wasin it. The Caci- 
que told him ; that farther forward dwelta great Lord, 
and that hisdominion was calle Ocate. He gauehima 
guide,and an interpretour for that Prouince. The Go- 
uernour commanded his Indians tobee fet free, and 
trauelled through his Countrie vp a Riuer very well 
inhabited. He departed from his towne the firlt of ty i 
. pilus @ 


next adioyning toUirginia, = = 45 
prill; and left a very high croffe of Wood fet vpin the 
middeft of the market place : and becaufe the time 
eane no moreleafure, hee declared to him oncly, that 

that croffe was a memorieofy farne, whereon Chrift, 
which was God and man, and created the heauens 


and theearth, fuffered for our faluation: therefore he § 
exhorted them that they fhould reverence it: and they le 
made fhew as though they would doe fo. Thefourth ie 


of Aprill the Gouernour pafled by atowne called AF atramaca, 
tamaca, andthe 10. of the moneth he came to Ocute. 
The Cacique fent him two thoufandIndians witha 
prefent, to wit, many conies, and partriges, bread of Conies, Patri- 
Maiz,two hens, and many dogs: which among the ges Hens, 
Chriftians were efteemed as ifthey had been fat we- ~°88°* 
thers, becaufe ofthe great want of flefhmeate and falt, 
and hereofin many places, and many times was great 
need ; and they were fo {carfe, that ifa man fellficke, 
there was nothing to cherifh him withall: and witha 
fickneffe,that in another place eafilie mighthauebeen 
remedied, he confumed away till nothing butskinne 
and bones wereleft: and they died of pure weaknes, 
fome of them faying, If I had a flice of meate, or a few 
cornes of falt, [{hould not die. The Indians wantno 
flefhmeat : for they kill with their arrowes many 
deere,hennes,conies, and other wild fowle: for they 

- arevery cunningatit: which skill the Chriftians had 
not: and though they hadit, they had no leafureto 

_ vfeit: forthe moft of the time they {pent in trauell, 
andduiftnot prefume to ftraggleafide. And becaufe 
they were thus {canted of ficth, when fixe hundred 
men that went with Soto, came to any towne, and 
found 30.0140. dogs,he that could get oneand killir, 
thought himfelfe no{mall man: and he that killed ir, 


Ocute. 


Aa Sg Se aS Se 
eee oS eS te OS 


abe: 


i 
| 


Cofaqui. 


_ Patofa. 


: ay : The difcouerie fF ior da, 


and gaue nothis Capraine one quarter, ifhé knew it, 
he frowned on him, and made him feele it, inthe wat-. 
ches,or in any other matter of labour that was offered, 
wherein hee might doe him a difpleafure. On Mon- 
day the 12. of Aprill, the Gouernour departed from 


Ocute: The Cacique gaue him two hundred Tamenes, 


to wit,[ndians to carrie burdens: hee paffed through 
atowne, the Lord whereof was named Cofaqui, and 
came to a prouince of an Indian Lord, called, Paté- 
fa, who,becaufe he was in peacé with the Lord’of Ocx- 
te, and with the other bordering Lords, had many 


_ daies before notice of the Gouernour, and defired to 


feehim: He came to vifit him, and made this {peech 
following. — | + 
Mightie Lord, now with good reafon I will crane of for- 
tune to requite this wy {0 great pro{peritie with fome {mall ad- 
neritic; andl will count my felfe verie rich, feeing Ihaue 
obtained that,which in this world 1 moft defired,which is; to 
feeand bee able to doe your Lordlhip fome feruice. And al- 
though the tongue bee the image of that which is in the heart, 
and that the contentment which I feele in my heart Icannot 
diffemble,yet ts it wot fufficent wholly to manifelt the fame. 
Where did this your Countrie, which Tdoe gouerne,deferue 
40 be vifited of fo fouerargne,andfoexcellent a Prince, whom 
allthe reft of the world ought to obey andferue? And thofe 
whichinhabit it being fo bale, what {hall bee the (fue of {uch 
bappines, if their memorie doe not reprefemt vatothemi forme 
aduer{itie that may betide them, according to the order of for- 
tune? If from this day forward we may be capable of this be- 
nefit,that your Lord{bip will hold vs for your owne,we cannot 


_ failete be fanoured and maintained in true iufliceandrés- 


fon, and to haue the name of men, For fuch as ave void of 
reafon anc inftice, may bee compared to brute beats, For 
: g mine 


ra 
\ \ 


| 


next adioyning to ‘Virginia. 47 
mine owne part,from my very heart with rewerence due to 


fach a Prince, Loffer my felfe vato your Lordfhip, & befeech 
you ; that in reward of this my true good will,you will vouch- 


Jafe to make ufe of mine owne Perea my Conntrit, and 
fubiects. | 


‘The Guieadar anfiogrea him, that bis offer’ and 


good wil declared by the effec, did highly pleafe him, 


whereof he would alwaies be mindful to honourand 
fauour him as his brother. This Countrie, fromthe 
firft: peaceable Cacique, vnto the Prouince of Patofa, 


which were fiftie leagues,is a fat Countrie, beautifull, An excellent 


and very fruitfull, and very well watered, "and full of 
good Riuers. And from thence to the Port de Spiris 
to Santo, where wee firft arivedin the land of Florida,. 
(which may bee 350. leagues, little more or leffe). is 
a barren land, and the moft of it groues of wild Pine-. 
trees. low and full of lakes, and in {ome places very hie 
and thicke groues, whither the Indians that were in 
armes fled, fo that no man could find them, ‘neither 
could any horfes enter into them. Which was.an 
inconuenience to the Chriftians, in regard of the: 
victuals which they found conueied away ; and ofthe: 


trouble which yeh had in piven of indianse to > bee 


their guides. 


Cias, XITLE 
| How the Gouernour departed from the Prouince of Pato- 
fa,and went through a defert, where he and all bis men 
fe Linto great diftreffe,and extreme natferit. . 


| L the towne of Parofa the youth, which theGo.. 


uernour carried with him for aninterpretour and. 
a guide, began’ to. fome at the mouth, and tum- 


| Hi onthe ground, as one poffefied with the diuell: 


They, 


{ileer 


Woes 


48 TLhedifconerie of Florida, 
They faida Gofpell ouer him;and the firleft him.And 
he faid, that foure daies iournie from thence toward 
the Sunnerifing, was the prouince that he {pake of. . 
The Indians of Patofafaid, that toward that part they 
knew nohabitation; but that toward the Northweft, 
they knew a Prouince which was called Co¢a, a verie 

_ plentiful countrie,which had very great townes in it. 
The Cacique told the Gouernour,that ifhe would go 
thither,he would giue him guides and Indians for bur- 
dens;and if he would goe whitherthe youth {pake of, 
that he would likewife giue him thofe that he needed : 
and fo with louing wordsand offers of courtefie,they 
tooke their leauesthe one ofthe other. Hee gaue him 
{euen hundred Indians to beare burdens. He tooke 
Maiz for foure daies iournie. Hee trauelled fixe daies 
by a path which grew narrow more and more,tillit 
was loft altogether: He went where theyouth did 

Twofwik  leadhim; and pafled two Riuers which were waded: _ 


Ruucts, eachiofthem was two croflebowfhotouer: the water 


came to the ftirrops, and had fogreata current, thatit 

was needfull for:thehorfemen:to ftand onebeforea- | 

nother, that the footemen might paffe aboue them lea- 
Another  ningynto them. Hecametoanother River ofa grea- 
greater RUCK. ser cyrrentand largenes, which was paffed with more 


trouble, becaufe the horfes did {wim atthe comming _ 


out about a lances length. Hauing paffed this Riuer, 
the Gouernor came toa groue of pinetrees,and threat- 
ned the youth, and made as though hee would haue 
cafthim tothe dogges, becaufe he had toldhim alie, 
Ninedaiee ‘Ying, itwas butfoure daies iournie, and they had 
iournic. trauelled nine,and euery day 7. or 8. leagues, and the 
men by this time were growne wearie and weake,and 

_ -the horfes leane through the great {canting a the 
‘ : ae “ ~ INLAIZ 


| next adioyningto Virginia. 49 
Maiz. The youth faid, that hee knew not where hee 
was. Itfaued himthat hewasnot caft to the dogges, 
that there was neuer another whom Joba Ortiz did vo- 

derftand. The Gouernour with them two,and with 
fome horfemen and footemen, leaving the Campe in 
a groue of pinetrees,trauelled that day 5. or 6. leagues 
to feeka way,and returned atnight very comfortlefle, 
and without finding any figne of way ortowne. The 


next day there were fundrie opinions deliuered, whe- . 


ther they fhould goe backe,or what they fhould doe: 
and becaufe backward the Countrie whereby they 
had pafled was greatly {poiledand deftitute of Maiz, 
and that which they brought with them was {pent, 
and the men were very weake, and the horfes likewife, 
they doubted much whether they might come to any 
place where they might helpe themfelues.. And be- 
fides this,they were of opinion, that going in that fort 
out of order, that any Indians would prefume to fet 
vpon them, fo that with hunger, or with warre, they 
could not ‘efcape. The Gouernour determined to 
fend horfemen from thence euery way to feeke habi- 
tation: and the next day he fent foure Captaines,eue- 
ry onea f{undrie way with eight horfemen. Atnight 
they came againe, leading their ‘horfes, or driving 
them with a fticke before; for they were fo wearie, 
that they could notlead them;neither found they any 
way nor figne of habitation. The next day, the Go- 
vernour fent other foure withas many horfemen that 
could fwim,to paffe the Ofe and Rivers which they 
fhould find, and they had choice horfes the beft that 
were inthe Campe. The Captaines were Baltafar de 
Gallegos, which went vpthe Riuer; and Joby Danufio, 
downethe River: C4/fonfo Romo, and lohn Rodriguez 
BAG | H Lobthe 


DE ows, 


ee 
i 


Se a aw ow ae 
SR Te BO 


Aer 


ae 


= as 
ESS 


Se CS gS OES ae 


o~ 
iy 


50  Thedifcouerieof Florida, 
Lobillo went into the inward parts of the land. The 
The great ine Goucrnour brought with him into Florida thirteene 
crealeof  {gwes,and had by this time three hundred {wine: He 
{wine. : ; ) 
commanded cuery man fhould haue halfea pound of 
hogs flefh euery day : and this hee did three or foure 
daies after the Maiz was all fpent. With this {mall 
uantitie of fefh,and fome fodden hearbs,with much 
trouble the people were fuftained. The Goucrnour 
difmiffed § Indians of Patof2,becaulehee had no food 
to giue them; who defiring to accompanie and ferue 
the Chriftians in their neceffitie, making thew thatit. 
grieved them very much to retutne,vmtill they had left 
them in apeopled Countrie, returned to their owne » 
home. ohn Danufcocame on Sunday late in the éuc- 
ning, and brought newes that he had found a little 
towne 12.01 13. leagues from thence:he brought a wo- 
man and aboy that he tooke there. With his comming 
and with thofe newes, the Gouernour and all the reft 
were foglad, that they feemed at that inflantto haue 
returned from death to life. Vpon Monday,thetwen- 
tic fixe of Aprill, the Gouernour departed to goe to 
Aymap,  thetowne,which was called yay ; and the Chriftt- 
ans named it the towne of Relefe. He left where the 
Camp had lien atthe foote of a Pinetree a letter bu- 
ried, and letters carued in the barke of the pine, the 
contents whereof was this: Dig here at the foot of this 
pine,& you hal finda letter. And this he did, becaufe | 
when the Captaines came, which were fent to feeke 
fome habitation, they might fee the letter, and know 
what was become of the Gouernour, and which way 
he was gone. There was no other way to the town,but 
the markes that John Dasufcol ft made vpon the trees, 
The Gouernourwith fome of them that had the bel 
| horfes 


next adtoyning to Uirginia. 51 
horfes'came to iton the Monday : And all the reft in- 
forcing themfelues the beft they could, fome of them 
lodged within two leagues of the towne, fome within 
three and foure,cuery one as he was able togoe, and 


his ftrength {erued him. There was tound in the towne iq 
a ftorehoufe fullofthe flowre of parched Maiz ; and ie 
fome Maiz,which was diftributed by allowance. Here i 
were foure Indians taken, and none of them would is 


confeffe any other thing, but that they knew of none 
other habitation. The Goucrnour commanded one An Indian 
of them to be burned; & prefently another confefled, ees 
that two daiesiournie from thence, there was a Pro- : 
uince that was called Catéfa-Chiqnr.V pon Wednelday 
came the Captaines Battafar de Gallegos, Alfon/o Romo, 
and lohn Rodriguez Lobillo: tor they had found the let- 
ter,and followed the way which the Gouernour had 
taken towardthetowne. Two men of /obn Rodrigues 
companie were loft, becaufe their horfes tired : the 
Gouernour checked bim very fore for leauing them 
behind,and fentto feeke them: and afloone as they 
came, he departed toward Catifa Chiqui. In the way 
three Indians were taken, which faid,thatthe Lacie of 
that Countrie had notice alr¢adie of the Chriftians, 
and ftaied for them in a towneof hers. The Gouer- 
~nourfent by one of them to offer her his friendfhip, 
andto aduertife herhow hee was comming thither. | 
The Gouernour cameynto the towne: and prefently Chalk 
there came foure canoestohim; in oneofthemcame _ 
afifter of the Ladic,and approching to the Goucrnour 
fle faid thefe words: | 
Excelent Lord, my fifter fendeth unto you by me to ki € 
your Lordfhips hands,and to fignifie vnto you, that thecaufe i 
why fhe came not in per{on,ts,that fhe thinketh to do you grea- 
, H2 ter 


du eer 


$2 Lhe difcouerie of Florida, 
ter feruice haying bebind,as [he doth, giuing order,that with 
all peed ,al her canoes be readie,that your Lord{hip may paffe 
the Riner,and takeyour rest, which hall bee prefentlie per- 
formed. Er ; 
The Gouernour gaue her thankes,and fhereturned 
to the other fide of the Riuer. Within a little while the 
Ladie came out of the towne in a Chaire, whereon 
certaine of the principall Indians brought her tothe 
Riuer. She entred into abarge, which had the fterne 
tilted ouer,and onthe floore her matreadielaied with 
two cufhions vpo it one vpon another, where fhe fate _ 
her downe;and with her came her principall Indians 
in other barges, which did wait vpon her. Shewent 
to the place where the Gouernor was,and at hercom- 
ming fhe made this fpeech following : y DRS 
Excellent Lord, 1 wifh this comming of your Lorajbip in- 
40 thefe your Countries,to be moft-happse : although my power 
be not anfwerable to my wil,and my feruices be'inot according 
to my defire, nor fuch as fo high a Prince,as your Lordfhip, 
deferueth; yet fince the good will israther tobe accepted, then 
allthe treafures of the world, that without tt are offered,with - 
moft vnfaileable and manifeft affection, offer you my perfor, 
lands, and {ubiects; and this fmallferuice.  * 
And therewithal fhe prefented vnto him great ftore 
of clothes of the Countrie, which fhee brought in o- 
ther canoes; to wit, mantles and skinness and tooke 
Agreateor- from her owne neckea great-cordon of perles, and 
donof perless oa ir about the necke of theGouernour, entertaining 
him with very gracious {peeches of loue and courtefie, 
and commanded canoes to be brought thither, where- 
They pale in the Gouernour and his people pafled'the Riner. AL 
pe ieeeh, foone as hee was lodged in the towne, the fent him a- 
qui. -snnother prefentofmany hens. This Countrie was-ve- 
: | rie. 


: next adioyning to Uirginia. Bite 8 

rie pleafant, fat, and hath goodly meadows by the Ri- 

vets. Their woodsate thin, and ful of walnut trees and Walaur trees. 
Mulberrietrees. They faid the fea was two daies iour- Moibery tees 
nie from thence. Within aleague, and halfe aleague Tie in 
about this towné,were greattownes difpeopled, and ssies iournic 
ouergrowne with grafle; which fhewed,that they had” 

been long without inhabitants. The Indians faid,that 

two yeere before there wasa plague in that Countrie, 

and that they remooued to other townes. ‘There was 

in their ftorehoufes great quantitie of clothes, mantles Marries ofthe 
ofyarne made of the barkes oftrees,and others made itecs. 

of feathers,white,ereene,red,and yellow, very fine af-. Maniles of 
tertheir vfe,and profitable for winter. There were al- dius 
fomany Deeres skinnes, with many compartiments 

traced in them, and fome of them made into hole, . 
ftockings,and fhooes. Andthe Ladie perceiuing,that 
the Chriftians efteemed the perles, aduifed the Go- 

uernour to fend to fearch certaine graues that were in 

that towne,and that hee fhould find many : and thatif 
hee would fend to the difpeopled townes,hee might 

load all his horfes. They fought the graues of that 
towne,and there found foureteenc rooues of perles, Three hun- 
and litt!e babies and birds made of them. The people ¢tedninetie 
were browne, well made,and wel! proportioned, and veavies: pane 
more civill then any others that were feene in all the 

Countrie of Florida, and all of them went fhod and 

clothed. The youth told the Gouernour, that hee be- 

gan now toenter into the land which he {pake of : and 
fome credit was giuen himrthat it was fo, becanfe hee 
vnderftood the language ofthe Indians: and hee re- 

quefted thathe might bee Chriftened,for he faid hee 

defired to become a Chriftian: Hee was Chriftentd, . 

and named Peter; and-the Gouernour commanded 
H 3. sa him 


Rh 


} 


Ahab - 


st.  -Lhe difcouerie of Florida, 


him tobee loofed froma chaine, in which vntill that 
time he had gone. This Countrie,as the Indians repor- 
ted, had been much inhabited,and had the fame of a 
good Countrie. And,as it fecmeth, the youth, which 
») was the Gouernours guide, had heard of it; and that 
which he knew by. herefay, hee affirmed that hee had 
feene,and augmented at his pleafure. In this towne 
was found a dagger,and beades, that had belonged to 
Thistowne Chriftians. The Indians reported,that Chriftians had 
wasbuttwo been in the hauen, which was two daies 1ournie from 
daiesiournic - ‘ . 
fromtheha. this towne,many yeeresagoe. Hee thatcame thither 
uenofSanta_ was the Gouernour, the Licenctate Lucas Vafquez de 
Helena. _tylion, which wentto conquer this Countrie,and ae 
Inthe ycere his coniming to the Port hee died ; and there was a 
pete diuifion,quarrels and flaughters betweene fome prin- 
cipall men which went with him, for the principall 
gouernment : And without knowing any thing of 
the Countrie, they returned home to Hipamiola.. All 
Itisinge, — the Companie thought it good to inhabit thatCoun- 
degrees. triebecaufe it wasina tem perat climate: And thar ifie 
were inhabited, al the fhippes of New Spaine,of Pers, 
Santa Martha, and Tierra firme, in their returne for 
Spaine, might well touch there : becaufe it was in their 
way; and becaufe it was a good Counrrie,and fited fie 
toraife commoditie. The Gouernour,fince his intent 
wasto feeke another treafure, like that of _Atabalipa 
Lord of Pera, was not contented witha good Coun- 
trie, nor with pearles, though many of them were 
worth their weightin gold. And if the Countrie had. 
been diuided among the Chriftians, thofe which the 
Indians had fifhed forafterward, would havebeen of 
more value: forthofe which they had, becaufe they . 
burned them inthe fire, did leefe their colour. The | 
-Gouernour 


| 4 
a be ee © . 


ae ee a a 


“, : 
y suff vs ~_ 4 ee ae ee ys eet 
~t! a Seating = SS, ee eee 
ag eS ee | rere 


next t adieyning Lo Richt, 55 


Gouernour anfwered hates that vrged him to inha- 

bit, That in all the Countrie, there were not victuals to 

{ultaine his men one moneth; and that it was needtull 
torefortto the Port of Ucas, sha Maldanado was to 

diay for them: and that if no richer Countrie were 

found, they might returne againe to that whenfocuer 

they would: and in the meane time the Indians would 

{o\w their fields,and it would be better furnithed with 

Maiz. He inquired ofthe Indians, whether they had 

hotce of any great Lord far ther into the land. They | 
told him, that 12. daies iournie from thence,there was Chiaha 12. 
a Prowince called Chiaha, {ubie& to the Lord of Coca, daies iournie 
Prefenrly the Gouernour determined to fecke that Hay 
land. And being a fterne man, and of few words, Cotte 7.daics 

though he was glad to fiftand know the opinion ofall pis wae 
men, “yet after hee had deliuered his owne, hee would which towne 
not o¢ contraricd,and alwaies did whatliked himfelfe, of Cofte,they 
aid {o all men did condefcend vnto his will. And halen i 
thongh it feemed an crrour to leaue that Countrie, 
| (for others might haue been fought round about, 
_. wherethe people might haue been fuftained,vntill the 
- harueft had been readie there,and the Maiz cathered) 
yetthere was none that would fay any thing againit 
him, after they knew his refolution. 


are Ns 
How the Gowernour departed from Cutife-Chiqui 10 
yee the Prouince of Co Cas and what happened un- 
to hins in the way. 


4 He’ Gouernour departed from Cutifa-Chigni 
the third day of May.’ And becaufe the Indi-: 
ans had reuolted,and the will ofthe Ladie was 

perceiticd, thatif the could, fhe would depart without — 
giving - 


1.2. 
ys es 
ae 


Chalaque fe- 

uen daies 

journte from 

Cutifa-Chi- 
qui. 


56  Thedsfcouerte of Florida, 
giuing any guides or men for burdens,for the wrongs 
which the Chriftians had done to the Indians: (for 
there neuer want {ome among many ofa bafefort,thae 
for alittle gaine doe put themfelues and others in dan-_ 
ger of vndoing.) The Gouernour commanded her to 
be kept in fafegard, and carried with him, not with fo 
good viage as fhe deferued for § good wil the fhewed, 
and good entertainement that {he had made him. And 
he verified that old prouerb which faith; For weldoing 
Treceiueeuill. And fohe carried her on foot with his 
bondwomen to looke vnto her. In all the tewnes 
where the Gouernout paffed, the Ladie commanded 
the Indiansto come and carrie the burdens from one 
towne toanother. We paffed through her Countrie 


_an hundred leagues,in which,as we faw,fhe was much - 


obeyed. For the Indians did ail that fhe commanded 
them with great efficacie and diligence. Peter the 
youth that was our guide;faid,that fhe was not the La- 
die her felfe;but aneece of hers, which came to that 
towne to execute certaine principal men by comman- 
dement of the Ladie,which had withheld her tribute: 
which words were not beleeued, becaufe of the lies 
which they had found in him before: butthey bare 


~ with all things, becaufe of the need whichthey had of 


hin, to declare what the Indians faid. In feuen daies 
{pace the Goucrnour came toa Prouince called Chals- 
que,the pooreit Country of Maiz that wasfeenein Fis- 
vida, The Indians fed vponrootes and herbes which 
they feeke in the fields, and vpon wild beafts, which 
they kil with their bowes and arrowes: and it isa verie 
gentle people. All of them goe naked, andare very 
leane. There was aLord, which fora great prefent, 
brought the Gouernour two Deeres skins: and there 


Seek 
eae 
LP ope Re 


were q 


nextadioyningto Virginiz. $7 
were in that‘Counttie: many ‘wildhennes!) Imone 70°. Hennes, 
townethey made hima prefent of 700: hennes,and fo 
in other townes they fent him thofe which: they had 
orcould pet. “From this Provinceto another;whichis 
called Xwalla, he {pent fiue daics : herehe found VELY. Xuallas. daies 
little Maiz ; and for this caufe,though the people were o# : 
wearied.and the harfes very weake, he fiaied no more 
but two daies. From Ocute to Cutifa-chiqui, may bee 
fome-hundrediand thirtie leagues; whereof 80. are 
- wildernefle: Frais Cutifa-chiquito Xualla,two hundred 
and fiftie,and jtisan hillie Countrie..{ he Gouernour | 
departed from Xaallatoward Guaxule: he pafledvery 2 ..oh and 
rough and hie hilles. Inthat iournie,the Ladie of Cz- hic iilles. 
tifa-chiqus (whom the Gouernour’ carried with him, 
as is afore faid, with purpofeto carrie her to Guaxnle, 
becaufe her territoriereached thither) going on a day 
with the bondwomen which lead her,wentoutofthe 
‘way,and entredintoawood, faying, fhe went toeafe 
 herfelfe,and {fo fhe deceiued them,and hidher felfein 
the wood ; and though they fought herthey could not 
find her. She carried away with heralittlecheftmade | - 
ofcanes inmanner ofa coffer, whichthey callPetaca; = 
full of vnbored perles.. Some which could iudge,of 
them,faid, that they were of great value.. An Indian 
woman that waited on her did cartiethem. ‘The Go- 
uernour not-to difcontent her altogether, left them 
. withher,making account that in Guaxnule he would ask 
them ofher;when he gate herleaueto returne:. which 
coffer fhe carried away,and went to X#al/a with three 
flaues which fled from the Campe,and one horfeman 
which remained behind, who falling ficke ofan ague 
wentout ofthe way, and was Ieft.. This man, whofe 
name was Almas, dcalt ae the flanes to ebtgs 


’ ; 
& 


Guaxule flue 
daies off. 


Canafagua 
two daies 
journie off. 


Mulberrie 
grees to make 


Gike. 


38 Thedifconerieof Florida. 

their euill purpofe, and returne with him tothe Chri- 

ftians ; which two of them did; and Alimamos and 

they ouertooke the Gouernour 50. leagues from 

thence inaProuince called Chiaha; and reported how 

the Ladie remainedin Xa#alla witha flaue of Andrew 

de Vafcoucellos, which would not come backe with | 
them,and that of a certaintie they lined as manand 
wife rogether,and meant to goebothto Cwtifa-chiqui. 

Within fiue daies the Gouernout cathe to Gaaxule, 

The Indians there gaue him a prefentof 300. dogges, - 
becaufe they faw the Chriftians efteeme them, and 
fought them to feed onthem: for among them they 
arenoteaten. In Gwaxule, and all that way, was very 
little Maiz. The Gouernour fent frontthence an In-- 

dian with a meflage to the Cacique of Chiaha,todeftre — 


_ himto gather fome Maiz thither, that he mightreft a 


few daies in Chiaha. The Gouernour departed from 
Guaxnle,and intwo daies iournie came toa towne cal- 
led Cana/agna. There met him on the way 20. Indians 


Great ttore of euery one loaden witha basket ful of Mulbetries : for 


there be many,and thofe very good, from Cutifa-chigue 
thither, and fo forward in other Prouinces,and alfo 
nuts and plummes. And the treesgrow inthe fields 
without planting or dreffing them, and are as big and 
as rancke,as though they grew in gardens digged and 
watered. From the time that the Gouernour depar- 
ted from Cana(agua, hee iournied fine daies through a 
defert; and two leagues before hee came to Chiaba, 
there met him 15. Indians loaden with Maiz,which 
the Cacique had fent; and they told him onhis be- 
halfe,that he waited his comming with zo. barnes full 


of it,and farther, that himfelfe,his Countrie, and {ub-. 
ies, & al things cls were at his feruice.Onthe 5.day of 


Tune 


IS AT a I Sa eT ee oe ee. 


next adtoyning toUirginia. 59 


Tune,the Gouernor entred into Chiaha: The Cacique tunes. 


voided his owne houfes, in which he lodged, & recei- 
ued him with much ioy,faying thefe words following: 


Mightie and excellent Lord, t hold my felfe for (a happse deogstes trom. 


aman, in that st hath pleafedyour Lordfhip to vfe me, that x 
nothing could hane happened unto me of more contentment, 
nor that I would haue efteemed fo much. From Guaxule 
your Lordlhip feut unto me, that 1 lhould prepare Maiz 
for youin this towne for two moneths : Herel haue for you 
20. barnes full of the choifeft thatin all the Countrie could 
be found. Ifyour Lordfhip bee not entertained by mein fuch 
fort,as ts fit for (0 hie a Prince, re{pect my tender age, which 
excufeth me from blame,and receine my good wil, which with 
much loyaltie,truth, and fiaceritie, I will alwaies fhewin any 
thing which fhall concerneyour Lordfhips feruice. 

_ The Gouernor anfwered him, that he thanked him 
very much for his feruice and offer, and that he would 
alwaiesaceount him as hisbrother. There was in this 


towne much butter in gourds meltedlike oile: they The fat of 
faid it was the fat.of beares. There was found alfo cares. 
great ftore of oile of walnuts,which was cleareas but- Oile of wal- 


ter,and.ofa good tafte,anda pot fullof honie of bees, 


; ; : Honie of 
which neither before nor afterward was feene inall gees. 


the Countrie. The towne wasin an Iland betweene oe ied 
two armes of a Riuer, and was feated nigh one of "°°" 


them. The River diuideth it felfe into thofe two 
branches two croflebow fhot aboue the towne, and 
meeteth againea league beneath the fame. The plaine 
betweene both the branches is fometimes one croffe- 
bow; thot, fometimes two croflebow fhot ouer. The 
branches are very broad, and bothof them maybe 
waded ouer. There were all,along them verie good 
meadows, and manie fields fowne with Maiz. And 

| ee et —-becanfe 


60 TLhedifcouerie of Florida, . 
becaufe the Indians ftaiedin their towne,the Gouer- 
nourionly lodged in the houfes of the Cacique, and 
his peoplein the fields; where there was euer a tree,e- 
ueric one tooke one for himfelfe.. Thus the Camp lay 
{eparated. one from another, and out of orders’ The 
Gouernour winked atit, becaufethe Indians were in 
peace, and becaufe it was very*hot, and the people 
fhould haue{uffered great extremiti¢if ithad norbin 
fo. The horfes came thitherfoweake; that for feeble-__ 
neffe,they werenorableto carrie their mafters:becaufe 
that from Cut:fa-chigui, they alwaies-trauelled with ve- 
ri¢ little prouender,and were hunger-ftarued and tired 
| das ar ener fince they came from the defert of Ocute. Andbe- 
4. ¢aufethemoft of ther were not in café to vein bat 
: tell, though need fhould require, they fent them to — 
feedin the nighta quarter ofa league from the Camp. 
The Chriftians were there in great danger, becanfé 
that if arthistime the Indians had fet vpon them, they 
_. had been in euill cafe to haue defended themfelues. 
30.Daiesreft. The Gouernour refted there thirtie dates, in which 
time, becaufe the Countrie was very fruitfull, the hor- 
fes grew fat. Atthe time of his departure, by theim- 
"| portunitieoffome,which would haue more then was 
reafon, heedemanded of the Cacique 30. women to 
make flaues of. Hee anfwered that he would conferre 
_ with hischiefemen. Andbeforeheereturned anans _ 
fwere,one night all of them with theirwities andchik 
dren forfooke the towne,and fled away: The next day 
the Gouernour purpofing to'goe to feeke chem, the: 
Cacique came vnto him, and at his comming vfed 
thefe words vntothe Gouernours: ois) 28 apa 
 Mightie Lord, with fhame-and feare of your Lordfhip;’ 
becanfe my fubsets azainft my will haue done amiffein ab-- 
et ei - _ fenting © 


Jere) TS ren ea oe | 


mext adigoning to Unrginia. Ot 


‘fenting themfelues, I went my way without your licenfe , and 
knowing the errour which 1 haue committed bike a loyats fub- 
ject, 1 come to yeeld my felfe into your power, to di[pole of wee 
at your owne pleafure.F or: my (ubiects donot obey mee, nor. 
doe anything but what anVncle of mixe conmandeth which 
gouerneth this Countrte for meuntill ibe ofa perfect age. If 
your Lord{hip will pur[ue them, and execute onthem that, — 
svbich for their difobedience they deferne,| willbe your guide, 
fiacearthis  prefent my fein wullior fap: 1, wae to nde 
Any more. 
Prefently the Gouernour with 30. pointer and 
“as many footemen,wentro feeke the Indians, and pa{; Certaine 
fing by fome townes of the principall Indians which °""S* 
had ablented them({elues, hee cutand deftroyed great 
fields of Maiz; and wentvp the River, where theIn- 
dians were in an Ifland,. where the horfemen could 
not come atthem. There he fent them word byan In= 
dian to returne to their towne and fearenothing, and 
that they fhould giue him men to carrie burdens, as af 
thofe behind had done; for he would haueno Indian 
women, feeingthey were foloth to part with them.. 
The Indians accepted his requeltjand came tothe Go- 
uernour to excufe themfelues; and fo all ofthem re- 
turned totheir towne. A. Cacique ofa Prouince cal- 
eld Co#e, came to thistowneto vifitthe Gouernour, 
After hee had offered himfelfe, and paffed with him 
fome words of tendring his feruiceand curtefie; the 
Gouernour asking him whether hehad notice ofany 
rich Countrie? he faid,yea: to: wit, thar toward the ., 
North,there wasa Prouince named Chifeasand that 5, 
there was a melting of copper, and of another metall: Mines of or 
of the fame colour,faue thatit was finer, and of a farre?. Galteie. 
gore pertectcolour, and farre better to the fight ,and ward che. 
rr : : ee oie Northe- 


62 The dsfconerie of Florida, 
ys thatthey vied it not fo much, becaufe it was fofter. 
Harchets of Andthe felfe famething was told the Gouernour in 
rel, Cutifa-chiquiswhere wefaw fome little hatchets of cop- 
| »» pet,which were faid to hauea mixture of gold. Butin © 
Chifcaisdi- that part the Countrie was not well peopled,and they 
peely North faidthere were mountaines, which the horfes could 
tom Cutifa- | 
Chiqui, which Not pafle: and for that cautfe, the Gouernour would 
is within two not goe from Cutifa-chiqui directly thither: And hee 
Hun 4" made account, that trauelling through a peopled 
Countrie,when his men and horfes fhould bee in bet- 
; ter plight,and hee were better certified of the truth of 
the thing, he would returne toward it, by mountaines, 
and a better inhabited Countrie, whereby hee might 
TwoChriti- haue better paflage.He fent two Chriftians from Chia- 
ans(entfrom £4 with certaine Indians which knew the Countrie of 
iahato gs 
feeke Chifca. Chéifca,and the language thereofto view it,and to make 
| report of that which they fhouldfind; where hetold 
themchat he would tarrieforthem. 


~ Cuap. XVI : 

How the Gouernor departed from Chiaha, and at Cofte 
was in danger to haue been flaine by the hands of the 
Indians ,and by a flratageme efcaped the fame: And 
what more happened unto him in this iournie, and 
how he came to Coca. | , 


Sy a\Hen the Gouernour was determined to 
Ve fey, depart from Chiahato Coffe, hefent forthe 


5. 


#493) Cacique to come before him, and with 
238 gentle words tooke his leaue of him,and- 


Par 2 


— a0 8} 
Jem 


aue him certaine things, wherewith herefted much 


cote euep contented: In feuendaies hee came to Coffe. Thefe- 
a f : : e o- j e 
Chiabe oan cond of lulie he commanded his Campe to be pitch- 
3 4. ; 


ed 


next adtoyning to ‘Uirginia, 

ed two croflebow fhot from the town: and with eight 
men of his guard he went where he found the Caci- 
que, which tohis thinking receiued him with great 
loue. As hee was talking with him, there went from 
the Campe certaine footemen tothe towne tofecke 
fome Maiz,and notcontented with it, they ranfacked 
and fearched the houfes, and tooke what they found. 
With this defpite the Indians began to rife and to take 
theirarmes: and {ome of them with cudgils in their 
hands, ran vpon five or fixe Chriftians, which had 
done them wrong, and beat them at their pleafure. 
The Gouernour feeing them alin an vprore,and him- 
felfeamong them with fo few Chriftians, to efcape | 
their hands vied aftratagem,farre againtt his owne dif- i pick a 
pofition,being,as hee was, very francke and open:and ae 
though it grieued him very much that any Indian 

fhould be fo bold,as with reafon, or without reafon to. 

defpife the Chriftians, he tooke vp a cudgel,and tooke 

their parts againft his owne men; which wasameanes 
toquietthem : Aridprefently hefent word by aman 

very fecretly to the Campe, that fome armed men. 

fhould come toward the place where he was; and hee 

rooke the Cacique by the hand,vfing very mild words. 
-vnto him, and with fomie principall Indians that did 
accompanie him,he drew them out of the towne into 

a plaine way, and vnto the fight ofthe Campe, whi- 

ther by little andlittle with good difcretion the Chri- 

ftians began to comeandto gather about them. Thus. 

the Gouernour led the Cacique, and his chicfemen 

vntill he entred withthem into the Campe :andneere: 

ynto his tent; hee commanded them to be putin fafe 
cuftodie: and told them, that they fhould not depart: 
without giuing hima guide and Indians for pata, | 
bees ang: 


64. .  Lhedifconerie of Florida, 
andtill certaineficke Chriftians were come, which he 
had commanded to comedowne the Riuerin canoes 
from Chiaha; and thole alfo which hehad fentto the 
Prouince of Chica: (forthey werenot returned; and 
_, hefeared thatthe Indians:had flaine the one, and the 
cee other.) Within three daies after,thofe which werefent 
fecke Chica to Chifca returned, and made report, that the Indians 
High moun. ad: cartied them through a Countrie fo: poore of 
igh moun- 3 fe Pre? a as 

ined: Maiz, and fo rough, and ouer fo high mountaines, 

that it. was impoffible for thearmie to trauellithat ways 
and thatfeeing the way grew very long, and that they 


lingred much,they confulted to returne froma little. 


Alitlepoore poore towne,where they faw nothing that was of any 
Townes. 


Anoxehide Profit, and. brought an oxe hide, whichithe Indians 


with hairelike gauethem, as thinne as a.caluesskinne, and the haire 
woowscP-36 Tikea {ofc wooll,betweene the courfe/and fine wooll 
Hiftor. Gene- Of fheepe. The Cacique gaue a guide, and men for 
take." burdens, and departed with the Gouernours leaue. 
Tale de) ‘The Gouernotir departed from Cosethe ninth of Tix 


from Cotte. ie,andlodged at atowne called Talis The Cacique 


{péech:: mn oii sradvi  bigye FLigous 
_. Excellent Bord and Prince,worthie ta be ferucd and obey- 


€d of all the Princes in theworld;howfaeuer for the moft part 
by the outward phyfiecnomie,theimvard vertae may beeind- 


unto met before now : 1 will not inferre hereupon how meane 
Lam inyour prefence, tehope that my poore fermices will bee 
Gratefulland acceptable sfince wheress firength faileth, the 
will doth not ceafe to be prai(ed and accepted. (And for this 
caufe I prefume to request your Lordjhip that you will be plea 
Sedozily to réfpect thefame, andconfider wherein yon will 
Somstand my feruice in thisyour Cowntrie. 


\ 


~/ 


came foorth toreceiuehim on the way, and made this » 


ged,and that whoyouare, and of what flrengih,wies knowne 


q 


next adtoyning toUirginia. 
The Gouernour anfwered him, that his good will 
and offer was asacceptable vnto him, as if he had offe- 
red himall the treafures of the world, and that hee 
would alwaies intreate, fauour, and eftceme himas if 
he were his owne brother. The Cacique commanded 
prouifion neceffarie for two daies, while the Gouer- 
nour was there, to be brought thither : and atthe time 
ofhis departure, he gaue him foure women and two 
-men,which heehad need ofto beareburthens. The  * 
Gouernour trauelled fixe daies through many townes 
{ubie@ to the Cacique of Coca: & as he entred into his 
Countrie many Indians came vynto him euery day 
from the Cacique,and met him on the way with mef- 
fages, one going, and another comming. Heecame _ 
to Coca vpon Friday, the 26. of Iulie. The Cacique Coca. 
‘came foorth toreceiue him two crofiecbow fhot from Me*® 
- thetowneinachaire,which his principall men carried 
on their fhoulders, fitting vpona cufhion, and couered 
witha garment of Marterns, of the fafhion and bignes 
ofa womans huke: hee hadon hisheada diadem of 
_ feathers, and round abouthim many Indians playing 
vpon flutes,and finging: Affooneashe came ynto the 
Gouernour, he did his obeyfance, and vitered thefe 
words following : stonnt | 
Excellent and mightie Lord,aboue all themof the earth; — 
although 1 come but now to receineyou, yet I hane recetuea 
you many daies agoe in my heart, to wit, from the day 
wherein. 1 had firft notice of your Lordlhip ; with (0 great 
defire to ferue you, with fogreat pleafure and contentment, 
that this which I make fhew of, % nothing in regard of 
shat which is in my heart, neither can it haue any kind 
of comparifon, Thisyou may bold for certaine, that 10 0b- 
taine the dominion of the wholeworld, would not bane re- 
; K joyced 


of Coga, 


Many townes 


Martterns, ~ 


The cowne. 


Many gteat 
townes, 


irees of di- 
wers forts, 
Two lorts © 


grapes. 


66  Thedifcouerieof Florida, 


ioyced me fo much,as your fight, neither would I hane held it 
for focreata felicitie. Doe not looke for me t0 offer you that 
which wsyour owne : to wit,my perfon,mey lands and fubtects: 
onely Iwill bufie my felfe in commanding my men with all di- 
ligence and due renerence to welcome youfrom hence to the 
towne with playing and finging, where your Lordjhip {hall be 
lodged and attended upon by my felfe and them : and all that 


Tpolfe(fe, your Lordjhip fhallufé as it were your owne, For 


your Lordjbip hall doe mea verie great fanour in (o doing. , 
The Gouernour gaue him thankes, and with great 

ioy they both went conferring together, till they came 
tothe towne : and he commanded his Indians to void 

- their houfes,wherein the Gouernor and his men were 
lodged. There was in thebarnes, and in the fields, 
"great ftore of Maizand French Beanes: The Country 
was greatly inhabited with many greattownes, and 
many fowne fields,which reached from the oneto the 
other. It was pleafant,fat,full of good meadows vpon 


“Manyplum- Riuers. There werein the fields,many Plum trees, af- 


well of frch as grow in Spaine,as ofthe Countrie: and 
¢ wild tall vines, that runne vp the trees; and be- 
fidesthefe,there. were other low vines with big and 
fweet grapes ; but for want of digging and drefling, 
they had greatkirnels inthem. The Gouernour vied 
to feta guard onerthe Caciques, becaufe they fhould 
not abfentthemfelues, and carried them with him, till 
he came out of their Countries: becaufe that carry- 
ing them along with him, he looked to find people in 
the townes,and they gaue him guides,and men to car- 
rie burdens: and before hee went out of their Coun- 


tries,he gauethem licence toreturne to their houfes, 
and to their porters likewife,afloone ashecame toany 


other Lordthip,where they gave him others. The men 


of 


SSS A, DEA TS RO, AON 3 


next adtoyning to‘Uirginia. = 67 
of Coca feeing their Lord detained,tookeit in euil part, 
and reuolted,and hid themfelues in the woods, alwelf 
thofe of the towne ofthe Cacique, as thofe of the o- 
ther townes ofhis principal! fubiecéts. The Governor 
fent out foure Captaines, every one his way to feeke 
them. They tooke many men and women, which 
were put into chaines: They feeing the hurt which 
they receiued,and how little they gained in abfenting 
themfelues,came againe, promifing to do whatfoeuer 
uit were commanded. Of thofe which were taken 
ptifoners, fome principall men were fet at libertie, 
whom the Cacique demanded : and cuery one that 
had any,carried the reft in chaines like flaues, without 
letting them goeto their Countrie: neither did any 
returne, but fome few, whofe fortune helped them 
with the good diligence which they vied to file off 
their chaines by night, or {uch as in their trauelling 
could flippe afide out of the way, fecing any negli- 
gence in them that kept them: fome efcaped away 
with the chaines, and with the burdens, and clothes 
which they carried. 


shies: “Cuavp. XVII. 
How the Gonernour went from Coca to Tafcaluca. 


essa tie Gouernour refted in Coca 2 5.daies. He 
m9) departed from thence the 20. of Auguft 20. of Auguft. 

‘ tofeekea Prouince called Tafcatuca: hee 

4! carried with him the Cacique of Coca. He 
= paffed thar day by a great towne called 


Tallimuchafe, the people were fled : he lodged halfe a {llimucha- 
league farther neere a brooke. The next day he came eae 
to atowne called Ytaua, fubie& to Coca. Hee ftaied Yana. 

Re Oe saa there 


63  Thedifcouerieof Florida, 
there fixe daies becaufe of a Riuer that pafled byit, 
‘Agreat Riuer. Which at that time was very hie; and affoone as the Rt- 
uer fuffered him to paffe,he fet torward, and lodgedat 
atownenamed Vllibahalt. There cameto him on the 
way,on the Caciques behalfe of that Prouince, tenor 
twelue principall Indiansto offer him his feruice; all 
of them had their plumes of feathers, and bowes and 
arrowes. The Gouernour comming to the towne 
with twelue horfemen, and fome footemen of his 
guard, leauing his peoplea croflebow fhot from the 
towne,entred into it, hee found all the Indians with 
their weapons:andas farreas he could ghefle, they fee- 
med to haue fome euillmeaning. Tt wasknowneaf- 
terward, thatthey were determined to take the Cacis 
que of Coca ftom the Gouernour, if hee had requefted 
Vilibshali it. The Gouernour commanded all his peopletoen- 
walledabout. ter the towne,which was walled about, and neerevn- 
The fathion of tO it pafled a fmall Riuer. The wall,afwell of that,as of 
theic wales. others,which afterward wee faw, was of great pofts 
thruft deepe into the ground and very rough, and ma- 
ny long railes as big as ones arme laid acroffe between 
them,and the wall was about the height ofa lance,and 
it was daubed within and without with clay, and had » 
loope holes. On the otherfide of the River, was a 
arowne. | towne, where atthat prefent the Cacique was. The 
_ Gouernour fentto call him,and hee came prefently. 
After he had paffed with the Gouernour fome words 
of offering his feruices, he gaue him fuch men for his 
cariagesas he needed, and thirtie women for flaues. In 
that place was a Chriftian loft, called Mancano, borne 
in Salamanca,of noble parentage, which wentaftray to 
Great fore of feeke for grapes, whereof there is greatftore, and thofe 
goed saps. very good. ‘The day that the Gouernour departed 


from 


Vilibahali, 


A ee ae aah WSR open Sate ape. ipa 
ns we b coats pease. SUSE GLD cts Bem nn 
; Pa eet ee mi ee 
» egy a } 7: 
yy 


23, 
Se ial 


next adioyning to Uirginia. 69. 
from thence, he lodged ata towne {ubiect to the Lord ae 
ofVUlibabali: and the nextday hee came to another 
towne called Toa. The Indians gaue the Gouernour To4- 
thirtie women,and {uch men for his cariages as he nee- 

ded. Hee-trauelled ordinarily 5. or 6. leagues a day He travelled 
when he trauelled through peopled Countries: an Baap oe 
going through deferts,he marched as faftas he could, a day. . 
to efchew the want of Maiz. From Toafi, pafling 
through fome townes fubiedt to. a Cacique,which was 
Lord.of a prouince called Tale, hee trauelled fue 
daies: Hecameto Tali/ethe 18. of September: The . 
towne was great, and fituated neere vntoa maine Ri- Tllifea great 
uer.On the other fide of the Riuer were other townes, Sentembel 18, 
and many-fields fowne. with Maiz. On. both fides. it A maine Ri- 
wasa very plentifull Countrie,and had ftore of Maiz: "“* 
they had voided the towne. The Gouernour com- 

‘manded to call the Cacique;who came,and betweene 
them paffed fomewords of loue and offer of his ferui- 

_ces,and hee prefented vnto him 40.Indians. There 
cameto the Gouernour in this. towne a principall In- 
dianin the behalfe of the Cacique of Ta/caluca, and 
made this {peech following: | 
_ Mightie, vertuous, and efleemed Lord,the great Cact- 
que of Tafcaluca my Lord, fendeth by meto ki(fe your Lord- 

Ships hands, and to let yon under fland, that he hath notice, 
how you iuftly rani[bh with your perfections and power all men 
on the earth, and that euerie one by whom your Lordjhip 
pafferh doth ferueand obey you ; which. he. acknowledgeth ta 
be due unto you, and defireth,as his life,to fee, and toferne 
your Lordjhip. For which caufe by me he offereth himfelfe, 
his lands and fubietts,that when your Lordjhip pleafeth togo 


_ through his Countrie,youmsay be receiued with all peace and 
loue,ferued andobeyed ; and that imrecompenfe of the aie 
7 NRE 2: Bi € 


30 = The difcouerie of Florida, 
he hath to fee you,you will doe him the fanour tolet him know 
when you will come: for how much the fooner, fo much the 
greater fanour be fhallreceine. eG. 
The. Gouernour receiued and difpatched him gra- 
cioufly,giuing him beades, which among them were 
not much efteemed,and fome other things to carrie to 
his Lord. And he gauc licenceto the Cacique of Coca 
to returne home to his owne Countries. The Cacique 
of Tallife gaue him-fuch men for burthens as he nee- 
ded. And after he had refted there2 0. daies, hee -de- 
parted thence toward Tafcaluca. That day when hee 
Cafitea crear Went from Talle, hee lodged ata great towne called _ 
towne, Cafiite. Andthenext day paffed by another,and came 
Tafcaluca. _ toa {malltowne of Tafcaluca; and the next day hee 
camped in a wood two.leagues from the towne where 
the Caciquerefided, and was at thattime.Andhefent _ 
the Mafter of the Camp, Lays de Mofcofo, with 15. 
horfemen, tolet him know how hee was comming. 
The Cacique was in his lodgings vndéera Canopie? 
and without doores, right againft his lodgings, in'an 
high place, they {pread a mat for him, & two cufhions 
one vpon another, where he fat him downe,and his In- 
dians placed themfelues round about him,fomewhat 
diftant from him, fo that they madea place, and avoid 
roome where he fate: and his chiefeft men were nee- 
reftto him, and onewith afhadow of Deeresskinne, 
which keept the Sunne from him, being roundjand ‘of 
the bignes of a target,quartered with black and white, | 
havinga rundellin the middeft : a farre off itfeemed 
to beoftaffata, becaufe ¥ colours werevery perfect. It | 
was fetona {mall ftaffe {tretched wide out. This was 
the deuice which hee carried in his warres. Hee wasa 
man of avery tall Rature, of great limmes, and {pare, 
| and 


nextadioyning to Uirginia. 71 
and well proportioned, and. was much ' feared of his 
neighbours.and fubiects. He was Lord of many terri- 
toriesand'much people: Inhis countenance hee was 
very graue. Afterthe Matter of the Campe had {po- 
ken with him,-he and thofe that went with him cour- 
fed their horfes,pranfing them to andftg,and now and 
then toward, the place where the Cacique was, who 
with much grauitie and diffimulation now and then 
lifted yp:his cies, ‘and beheld them asit were with dif 
daine. At the Gouernours comming, hee made no 
offeratall torife.. The Gouernour tooke him by the 
hand,and both of them fat downe together ona feate 
which was vnderthe cloth of eftate. The Cacique faid 
thele wordsvntohim: =. | 

| Mighty Lord, bid your Lordfhip right bantily ns nae 
rectine as much pleafure and contentment with your fight,as 
if you were my. brother bom 1 dearely loued : upon this point 
it isnot necdfullto vfé manyreafons ; ; fince st ts no difcretion 
to peake that in many wordes, which in few may be vttered. 
How much the greater the willis, fo much more ciucth it 
name to the workes, and the workes cine teftimonte of the 
truth. Now touching my will, by ityou fall know, how.cer- 
tain cy manifelt it is;and houpure inclination I bane to ferue 
you. Concerning the fanour which yon did me, in the things 
which you ent me, I make as much account of ‘shem as isrea~ 
fon to cfteeme therm: and. chicfly becaufe they were yhtrs. 
“Now fee what feruicejou will command me. 

"The Gouetnor fatisfied him with fweet words,and 
with eréat breuitie.. When hee departed from thence 
hedetermined to cartie him along with him for fome 
caules, and attwo.daies iournie hee :cametoatowne 


called Piaché,by which there pafleda great Riuer, The Pische.. 


Gouerour demanded canoes: of the Indians : ai, 
od ai 


A great Rivers. 


Mauilfa. 
18. OfO&o< 
ber. 


a2  Thedifconerie of Florida, 
faid, they had them not, but that they would make 
rafts of canes and drie timber,on which he might pafle 


well enough: And they madethem with all diligence 
and {peed, and they gouerned them;and becaulé the 
water went very flow, the Gouernour and his people 


paffed very well. : : iba! 
“From the Port de Spirito Santoto A palache, which 


is about ‘an hundred leagues, the Gouernour went _ 
from Eaft to Weft: And from Apalache to Cutifa-chi- 


qui which are 430. leagues, from the Southweft to the 
Northeaft: and from Casifa-chiqui to Xualla,which are 


about two hundred and fiftie leagues, from the South 
tothe North : And from X#alla to Ta/éaluca,which are 


two hundredand fiftie leagues more, an hundred and 
ninetieof them he travelled from Eaft to Weit,to wit, 
tothe Pronince of Coca: and the other 60. from Co 
to Ta{ealucafromthe NorthtotheSouth. | 
Hauing paffed the Riuer of Piache,a Chniftian went 
from his companie from thence to feeke.a woman 
flaue that was runneaway from him, and the Indians 
either tooke him captiue, or flue him. The Gouer- 
norvrged the Cacique that he fhould giueaccountof 
him,and threatned him, thatif he were not found, he 
would neuerlet him loofe. The Cacique fent an In- 
dian from thence to ~Manilla, whither they were tra- 
uelling, which was atowne ofa principall: Indian and 
his fubieG, faying, tharhe fent-himtoaduifethem to 
make readie victuals, and ‘men for carriages. But, (as 
afterward appeared) hee fent him toaffemble all the 
men of warrethither, that hee’had in his Countrie. _ 


‘The Gouernour trauelled three:daies;:andthe third ~ 


day he pafledallday through a peopled Countrie:and 
he cameto cauilla vpon Monday the 18. of si u8 
" | - ber 


next adigyning toUirginia. 73 
ber: Hewent before the Camp with rs. borfemen. 
and3o.footemen. Andfromthetowne camea Chri- 
ftianywhom he had fentto the principall man, three or 
foure daies before,becaufe he fhould notabfent him- 
{elfeand alfo tolearne in what fore the Indians were: 
who toldhim that hee thought they were in an euill 
purpofe: for while hee was there, there came ma- 
nie people into the towne, and many weapons, and 


that they made great hafte to fortifiethe wall. Luys Manilla 


de -AMofcofe told the Gonernour, that it would bee 
good to lodge in the field, feeing the Indians were 
of fuch difpofition: and hee anfwered, thathe would 
lodge in the towne, for hee was wearie of lodging 
in the field. When hee came neere vnto the towne, 
the Cacique came foorth to receiue him with many 
Indians playing vpon flutes and finging: And after 
hice had offered himfelfe, hee prefented him with 
three mantles of marterns. The Gouernour, with 
poth the Caciques, and feuen or eight men of his 
guard, and three or foure horfemen,which alighted 
to accompanie him, entred into the towne, and fat 
him downe vnder a cloth of eftate. The Cacique 
of Ta/caluca requefted him, thathee would let him re- 
maine in thattowne, and trouble. him no more with 
trauelling: And {éeing he would not give him leaue, 
inhis talke he changed his purpofe, and diflemblinglie 
fained that he would fpeake with fome principal In- 
dians,and rofe vp from the place where hee fate with 
the Gouernour, and entred intoa houfe, where many 
Indians were with their bowes and arrowes. The Go- 
uernour when he faw hereturned not,called him, and 
he anfwered,thathe would not come out from thence, 
: yeild neither 


walled. 


3. Mantles of 


Marterns. 


neither would he goe any farther then that towrié,and _ 
that if he would goe his ‘way impeace, hee fhouldpre- 
{ently depart, and fhould not feeke to carrie him per- 
force out of his Countrieand territorie. 

How the Indians rofe acainit the Gouernour, andwhat 
en{ued thereupon. 


en te 


tiee< om tie Gouernour feeing the determi- 
Ze uel nation, and furious anfwere of the 
si Cacique, went about to pacifie 
22 him with faire words : to whichhe 
== 254) gaue no an{were, but rather with 
| much pride and difdaine, with- 
: drew himfelfe where the Gouernor 
might not fee him, nor {peake with him. As a princi- 
pail Indian paffed that way, the Gouernotr called him; 
tofend him word, that hee mightremaine at his plea- 
fure in his Countrie, and that it would pleafe him to. 
giue hima guide, and men for carriages, to fee ifhee 
could pacifie him with mild words. TheIndiansan- 
{wered with great pride, that hee would’ nothearken: 
vnto him. Baltafar de Gallegos, which {tood by, tooke 
Agowneof hold ofa gowne of marterns which hee had on; and 
marten’. —_ hee caftit ouer his head, and left itinhis hands; and: 
becaufe all of them immediatly began to ftirre, Bal. 
tafar de Gallegos gaue him {uch awound with his cou- 
tilas, that hee opened him downe the backe, and’ 
prefently all the Indians with a great crie came out- 
of the houfes fhooting rheir arrowes. The Gouer- 
nour confideing, that if hee tarried there, hee could 
notefcape, and if hee commanded his mento come 
| | In, 


next steel toUirginia. 75 


in, which were: without thetowne} the Indians with- 


inthe houfes might kill their horfes, and :doemuch 
hurt, ranne out of the towne, and beforehee came 
out, “hee fell twice or thrice, and. thofe that were. 


with him did helpehim vp againe; and heand thofe: 


that were with him were fore wounded : andina mo- 
ment there were fiue Chriftians flaine inthe towne. 
The Gouernour camerunning outof the towne,cry- 
ing out, thateuery man fhould:ftand farther off, be- 
canfe from thie wall they did them much hurt. The In- 
dians feeing that the Chriftians retired, and fome of 
them,or the moft part,more then an ordinary pafe,{hor 


with great boldneffe at them,and {trooke downe fuch: 
- asthey could ouertake. Thefndians which the Chri. 


ftians did: lead with them in chaines, hadlaiddowne 
their burthens neere vnto the wall: and aflooneas the 
Gouernourandhis men were retired,the men of Ma-. 
uilla laid them:on theIndians backs againe, and tooke 
them into the towne,and looféd them prefently from 
their chaines, and gaue them bowes.and arrowes.to 
fight withall. “Thusthey poffeffed themfelues of al the 


Althe clothes 
and perles of 


clothes andrperles,:.and: all:that the:Chriftians had, the Chritians 
which their flaues carried. And*becaufe the Indians were lo®. 


had been alwaies peaceable vntill wee came to this 
place,fome of our men had their weapons in their far- 
dels and remained vnarmed.. And from others that 
had entredthe towne with the:Gouernour they had 


taken {words and halebards, and fought with them. 


When theGouernour was ‘gotten into the field, hee 
called for an horfe,and with fome that accompanied 
/himyheereturned and flew tw or three Indians: All 
the reft retired themfelues to the towne, and fhot with 
| their. bowes from the wall. And thofe which prefir- 


La eet _med si diel 


76  Thedifcouerieof Florida, 
med of their nimblenes, allied ‘foorth tofighta ftones 
caft. from the wall: And when the Chriftians char- 
ged them, they: retired themfelues at their leafure. 
into-the:towne. Ati the time that. the broile began, 
there were in the: towne ‘a’ Frier; and a Prieft, and 
aferuantofthe Gouernour,witha woman flaue: and 
they had no time to.come out ofthe towne::and they: 
rooke an houfe, and fo remained inthe towne. The 
Indians being become Mafters of the place, they fhut 
thedoore with a fieldgate: andamong them was one 
ford which the Gouernours feruant had, and with it 
he fer himfelfe behind the doore, thrufting at the Indi- 
ans which fought to: come into them ::andthe Frier 
and the Prieft ftood on the other:fide, each of them: 
with a barre intheir hands tobeate him downe that 
firlt camein. The Indians feeing they could not get 
in by the doore, began to vncouer the houfetop. By. 
this time, all the horfemen and footemen which were: 
behind,were cometo (Manilla, Here there were fun- 
dric opinions,whether they fhould charge the Indians: 
zo-enter the towne, or whether they fhould leaue it, 
becaufe it was hard toenter : and:in the endat was.re- 


foluedtofervponthems. 0 3 
Crap. XIXe POLS 
How the Gonernour {et his. menin order, andentred the: 
towne of Mauilla..: rwor adi bsvas oni 


Sens S fooneas the battell and the rereward were 
mea) come to cMaxilla, the Gouernourcom-. 

sa \ee, manded all thofe thar were beftarmed to. 
y ise.) alight,and made foure {quadrons of foot-. 
men.. The Indians, feeing how he'was fetting his men; 


Sag) 

iy i 

" 

ree. te ® 
—— 


next adtoyning toUirginia. 77 
in order,concluded'with the Cacique, that hee fhould Acon‘leari- 
goc his way, faying vnto him,as after it was knowne by Er 
certaine women that were taken there,that he was but away their 
ene man, andcould fight but forone man, and that £344 
they had there among them many principall Indians | 
verie valiantand expert in feates ofarmes,thatany one 
of them was able to order the people there; and foraf- 
much as matters of warre were fubiect to cafualtie, and 
it was vacertaine which part fhould overcome, they 
wifhed him to faue himfelfe, to the end,that if ittel out: 
that they fhould end their daies there,as they determi- 
-nedsrather thentobe overcome, there might remaine 
one to gouerne the Countrie. For allthis hee would 
not haue gon-away : butthey vrged him fo much, that: 
with fifteene or twentie Indians of his owne, hee went. 
out of the towne,and carried away skarlat cloke, and: 

_ otherthings ofthe Chriftians goods ; as much ashee- 
was ableto carrie,and feemed beft vntc him. The Go-. 
vernour wasiaformed how there wentmen outof the. 
towne,and hee commanded thehorfemen to beferir, . 
andfentin euery fquadron of footemen onefouldier 
with a firebrand to (et fire on the houfes, that the Indi- 
ans might/haue-no defenfe: allhis-rnen being fetin: 
order, hee commanded an harcubuz' to bee fhot off. 
Thefigne being giuen,the foure {quadrons, euery one 
by itfelfe with great furie, gaue the onfet, and with: 
greathurtonboth fides they entred the towne. The 
Frierand the Prieft, and thofe that were with them in- 

the houfe were faued, which coft the liues oftwo men: 
of account,and valiant, which came thither to fuccour: 
them. The Indians:fought with {uch- courage, that: 
many.times they draue our men out of the towne. The » 

fightlafted fo long, that for wearinefle and great thirft : 
| L3. pany, 


78  Thedsfcouerte of Florida, 
many of the Chriftians went toa poole that was neere 
the wal,to drink, which was all ftained with the blood 
of the dead,and then came againe to fight. The Go- 
uernour feeing this, entred among the footemeninto 
the towne on horfeback,with certaine that accompa: 
nied him,and was a meane that the Chriftians came to 
fet fre on the houfes, and brake and ouercamethe In- 
dians,who running out of the towne fromthe foote- 
men,the horfemen without draue in at the gates again, 
where being withoutall hope oflife,they fought vali- 
antly, & after the Chriftians came among thé to han- 
dy blowes,feeing themielues in great diftreffe without 
any fuccour,many of them fled into the burning hou- 
fes, where one vpon another they were {mothered 
Thedeathof andburntinthe fire. The whole number ofthe Indi- 
*soodndians: aos that died in this towne, were two thonfand and 
~ fiue hundred, little more or leffe. Of the Chriftians 
there died eighteene; of which one was Don Carlos, 
brother in law to the Gouernour,and a nephew ofhis, | 
and one /obn de Gamez,and cen RodrigueX Portugals, 
and Iohu Vazquez de Villanoua de Barca Rota, all menof 
honour,and of much valour: the reft were footemen. 
Befides thofe that were flaine, there were an hundred 
and fiftie wounded -with-700. wounds of their ar- 
rowes: and it pleafed God that of very dangerous 
wounds they were quickly healed. Moreouer, there 
were twelue horfesflaine, and feventie' hurt: All the 
clothes which, the-Chriftians carried, with them to 
clothe themfelues withall,and:the ornaments to fay 
Mafle, and the perles, were all burnt there: and the 
Chriftians did fet them on fire themfelues ; becaufe 
they held fora greater inconuenience, the hurt which 
the Indians might doe them from thofe houfes, where - 
ae “they. 


next adioyning to Virginia. 7 
they’ had gathered all thofé goods together, then the 
Joffe ofthem. Herethe Gouernour vnderftood, that 
Francifco (Maldonado waited for him at the Port of The Port of 
Ochufe,and that it was fixe daies iournie from thence ; ao ae 
and he dealt with ohn ortiz to keepe it fecret, becaufe from Mauilla, 
he had notaccomplifhed that which he determined to. 
doe; andbecaufe the perles were burntthere, which. 
he meantto hauefent to Cuba for afhew, thatthe peo- 
ple hearing the newes, might be defirous to come to, 
that Countrie. He feared alfo, that if they fhould haue 
newes of him without feeing from Féorida neither 
gold norfiluer, nor any thing of value, it would get 
-fuchaname, that no man would feeke to goe thither, 
when he fhould haue neede of people. And fohede- 
termined to fendno newes of himfelfe, vntill hee had 
found fome rich Countrie.. 


8 st Oiga vine We VodionGdi oiltor 
- How the Gonernour departed from Mauilla toward Chi- 
» caca,and what happened unto him. 


waz) | om the time that the Gouernour entred' 
#| into Florida,vntill his departure from Ma- 
S| vills,there died an hundred and two Chri- 
Ie ee ftians,fome of fickneffe, and others which. 
the Indians flew. He ftaied in -Mawillabecaufe of the 
wounded men, eight'and twentie daiess.all which 
time he lay in the field. It wasawellinhabitedanda 
fat Countrie, there were fome great & walled townets: Sead tall : 
and many houfes fcattcred all about the fields, to wit, eth 
a.croffebow fhotortwo, theone from the other. Vp- 
on Sonday, the cighteenth of Nouember, when the 
hurt men were knowne to bee healed, the Gouernour: 
BD | . 6. departed: 


eat 


18, Of Nos 
uembers. 


80 = Lhedifconerte of Florida, 
departed from Manilla. Euery one furnifhed him: 
felfe with Maiz fortwo daies, and they trauelled fiue 
_ daies throughadefert ; they cametoa Prouince called 
Talicpataua, Pyfallaya,vnto atowne, named T alepatana : and from 
Cabufto. thence they.wentto another,called Cabusfo: neere vn- 
A great Riuers tg jtranagreat Riuer. The Indians on the other fide 
cried out,threatning the Chriftians to kill them, if they 
fought to pafleit. The Gouernour commanded his 
mento makea barge within the towne,becaufe the In- 
dians fhould not perceiueit: it was finifhed in foure 
daies,and being ended,he commanded it to be carried 
one night vpon fleds halfe a league vp the Riuer. In 
the morning there entred intoit thirtie men well ar- 
med. The Indians perceiued what was attempted, 
and thofe which were neereft, came to defendthe paf- 
fage. They refifted what they could, till the Chrifti- 
ans cameneere them ; and feeing that the barge came 
Canauarales. tothe fhore,they fled away into the groues of canes. 
‘The Chriftians mounted on horfebacke,and went. vp 


the Riuer to make good the paflage,whereby the Go- - 


-uernour and his companie pafled the Riuer. There 
Some townes. Were along the Riuer fome townes well ftored with 
Maizand French Beanes. Fromthenceto Chicacathe 
Gouernour trauclled fiue daies through a defert. Hee 
came toa Riuer,where on the otherfide were Indians 
to defend the paflage. He madeanotherbargeintwo 
dates ; and. when it was finifhed, the Gouernour fent 
an Indian to requeft the Cacique to accept ot his 
friend{hip, and peaceably to expec his comming: 
whom the Indians that wereonthe other fide the Ri- 


A River, 


uer flew before his face, and prefently making a great. 


Shout went their way. Hauing paffed the Riuer, the 


December 37-- next day,being the17. of December,the Gouernour 


came 


™ 


next adtoyning toUirginia. 81 
“came to Chicaca,a {mall rowne of twentic houfes. And 


after they were come to Chicaca,they were much trou- Chicaga. 
bled with cold,becaufe it was now winter and it (now- snow and 
ed,while moft of them were lodged in the field, be- much cold, 


fore they had time to make themfelues houfes. This 
Countrie was very well peopled, and the houfes {cat- 

tered likethofe of Mavilla, fat and plentifull of Maiz, 

and the moft part of it was fielding. they gathered — 

as much as fufficed to pafle the winter. Some Indians 

~ weretaken, among which was one whom the Caci- 
queefteemed greatly. The Gouernour fent an Indi- 

~ anto fignifie to the Cacique,that he defired to fee him 
andtohaue his friendfhip. The Cacique came vnto 
him, to offer him his perfon, Countrie and fubiects, 

and told him,that he would caufe two other Caciques 
tocometo him in peace; who within few daies after 
came with him,and with their Indians: The one was 

called 4imamu,the other Nicalafa. They gaueapre- 


fent vnto the Gouernour ofan hundred and fiftie co- Conies, 


Nies,and ofthe Countrie garments, to wit,of mantles 
and skinnes. The Cacique of Chicaca came to vifit 
him many times; and fometimes the Gouernour fent 
- tocall him,and fenthim an horfe to goe and come. He 
complained vnto him,thata fubieét of his was rifena- 
gainft him and depriued him of his tribute, requefting 
his aide againft him, for hee meantto feeke him in his 
‘Countrie,and to punifh him according to his defert. 
Which was nothing els but a fained plot. For they de- 
termined, affoone as the Gouernour was gone with 
him, and the Campe was divided into two parts, the 
one part of them to fet vpon the Gouernour, and the 
-othervponthem thatremained in Chicaca. Heewent — 
to the towne where he viedto keepe his refidence,and 
| | M brought 


Anladian 
ftratageme. 


8x  Thedifcouerieof Florida, 

brought with him two hundred Indians with their 
bowes and arrowes. The Gouernour tooke thirtie 
horfemen,and eightie footemen, and they went to Sa- 
Saquechuma, quechuma (for fo was the Prouince called of that chiefe 
Awalleg '™an,which hefaidhadrebelled.) They foundawal- 
rowne. Jed towne,withoutany men: and thofe which went 
with the Cacique fet fire onthe houfes, to diffemble 
_- their treafon.But by reafon ofthe great care and heed- 
fulneffe, that was as well in the Gouernours people 
avhich hee catried with him,as of thofe which remai- 
ned in Chicaca,they durft not aflault chem at that time. 
The Gouernour inuited the Cacique, and certaine 
principall Indians,and gaue them hogges fle(h to cate. 
Andthough they did notcommonly vieit, yetthey 
were fo greedie of it,that euery night there came Indi- 
ans to certaine houfes a croflebow fhot from the 
Camp, where the hogges lay, andkilled, andcarried 
away as many asthey could. Andthree Indianswere 
takén inthe manner. Two of them the Gouernorcom- 
manded to be fhotto death with arrowes ; & to cut off 
the hands of the other; & he fent him fo handled to the 
Cacique. Who madeasthough it grieued him y they 
had offended the Gouernor, and thathe was glad that 
he had executed that punifhmenton them. He lay ina 
plaine Countrie halfe a league from the place, where 
the Chriftians lodged. Foure horfemen wenta ftrag- 
ling thither, to wit, Franci{‘o Oforio, and aferuant of the 
Marques of -4ftorga, called Reynofo, and two feruants 
of the Gouernour, the one his page called Ribera,and 
the other Fxentes his Chamberlaine : and thefe had. 
taken from the Indians fomeskinnes, and fome man- 
tles, wherewith they were offended,and forfooke their: 
—houfes. The Gouernourknewof it,and commanded 

rus : them. 


- 


next adioyning to Virginia. —83 
themtobee apprehended; and condemnedto death 
” Fran{cifco Oforio, and the Chamberlaine as principals, 
and alofthem toloffe of goods. The Friers and Priefts 
and other principall perfons were earneft with him to 
pardon Franci(co Oforto his life, & to moderate his fen- 
tence, which hee would not grant for any of them, 
While he was readie tocommand them to be drawne 
tothe market place to cut off their heads, there came 
certaine Indians from the Cacique to complaine of 
them. John Ortiz, atthe requett of Baltafar de Gallegos 
and other perfons, changed their words, and told the 
Gouernour,thar the Cacique faid,he had notice how 
his Lordfhip held thofe Chriftians in prifon for his 
fake, and that they were in no fault, neither had they 
done him any wrong,and that ifhe would do him any 
-fauour,he fhouldferthem free. And he told the Indi- 
ans; That the Gouernour faid, he had them in prifon, 
-and that he would punifh them in fuch fort,that. they 
fhould beean exampleto others. Hereupon the Go- 
ulernour commanded the prifoners to be loofed. Af- ) 
fooneas March was come, hee determined to depart — es 
from Chicaca,and demanded ofthe Cacique two hun- Ne 
_ dred men for cariages. He fenthim anfwere, that hee 
would {peake with hisprincipall men. Vpon Twel- 
day the eight of March, the Gouernour went tothe March,t541. 
towne where he was, to.aske him for themen: Hee 
told him, he would fend them thenext day. Affoone 
asthe Gouernour wascome toChicaca,he tole Luys de 
- eMofeofothe Camp-matter, thathee mifliked the Indi- 
-_ ans,and thathe fhould keepea ftrong watchthatnight, _ 
which hee remembred butalitile. The Indians came 
| atthe fecond watchin foure fquadrons, euery oneby 
- “itfelfeand affoone as they were deferied, they foun- 
fr EVE os de 


Chicaga fer 
on fire by the 
Indians. 


84. T he difcouerie of Florida, 


deda drum,and gaue the affault witha greatcry, and 
with fo great celeritie, that prefently they entred with 
the fcoutes, that were fomewhat diftant from the 
Campe. And when they were perceiued of them 
which were in the towne, halfe the houfes were on 
fire,which they had kindled. That night three horfe- 
menchanced to bee skouts, two of them were of bafe- 
calling,and the worft men in all the Camp, and the o- 
ther,which wasa nephew of the Gouernour, which 
vntillthen was held fora tall man, fhewed himfelfe 
there as greata coward,as any of them : forallof them 
ran away. And the Indians without any refiftance 
came and fet the towne on fire; and taried without 
behind the doores for the Chriftians, which ran out of 
the houfes,not hauing any leafure to arme themfelues; 
and-as they ran hither and thither amazed with the 
noife,and blinded withthefmoke & flame of the fire, 
they knew not which way they went, neither could 
they light vpon their weapons, nor faddle their hor- 
{es neither {aw they the Indians that fhot at them.Ma- 
nie of the horfes were burned in the ftables, and thofe 
which could breake their halters gat loofe.. Thedifor- 
der and flight was fuch,that euery man fled which way 
he could,without leaving any to refift the Indians.But 
God, (which chaftifeth his according to hispleafure, 
andin the greateft neceffities and dangers fuftaineth 
them with hishand,)fo blinded the Indians, that they 
{aw not what they had done,and thought that the hor- 
fes which ranloofe,were men on horfebacke, that ga- 
thered themfelues together to fet vpon them. The Go- 
uernour only rod on hortebacke,and with him a foul- 
dier called Tapza,and fet vpon the Indians,and ftriking 
the firft he met with his lance,the faddle fell with him, 
| “gas which 


, next actoyning to ‘Usrginia. 85 
_~ which with hafte was cuill girded,and fohee fell from 
hishorfe. Andall the people that were on foote were 
fied toa wood out ofthe towne, and there aflembled 
themfelues together. And becaufe it was night, and 
that the Indians thought the horfes were men on 
horfebacke which came to fet vpon them, asI faid be- 
fore,they fled; andoneonely remained dead,and that » 
was he whom the Gouernour flew with his lance. The 
towne lay all burnt toafhes. There was a woman bur- 
ned, who, after fhee and her husband were both gone 
out of their houfe, went in againe for certaine perles, 
which they had forgotten, and when fhe would haue 
come out, the fire was fo greatat the doore that {hee 
could not,neither could her husband firccour her. O- 
ther three Chriftians came out of their lodgings fo 
cruelly burned, that one of them died within three 
_ daies, and the other two were carried many daies each 
of them vpon a couch betweene ftaues, which the In- 
dians carried on their fhoulders, for otherwife they 
could not trauell. There died in this hurliburlie eleuen 
Chriftians, and fiftie horfes ; and there remained an 3 
- hundred hogges,and foure hundred were butned.. If The increafe 
any perchance had faued any clothes fromthe fire of of hogges. 
cMauilla,herethey were burned,and many were clad 
inskinnes,for they had no leafureto take their coates. 
‘They endured much cold in this place, andthe chie- 
feftremedie were great fires. They {pentall night in 
turnings withoutfleepe : for ifthey warmedonefide, 
they freefed on the other. Some inuented the wea- 
uing of certaine mats of drieiuie, & did weare one be- 
neath, and another aboue: many laughed at this de- 
wice,;whom afterward neceffitie inforced to doe the 
like. The Chriftians were fo {poiled,and in fuch want 


M 3 of 


"The towne 


ciqus lay. 


Athtrees. 


where the Ca- 


86 Thedsconerieof Florida, — 
of faddles & weapons which were burned, that if the’ 
Indians had come the fecond night, they had ouer- 
come them with little labour. They remooued.thence 
to the towne where the Cacique was wonttolie, be- . 
caufe it was in a champion countrie. Within eight: 
daies after, there were many lancesand{addles made. 
There were afhtrees in thofe pacts, wherofthey made 
as good lances asin Bifcay. as 
Cap. XXII. NE 
How the Indians fet againe upon the Chriftians, and how 
the Gouernoar went to Alimamu, beyond which 

towne in warlike fort they tarried for him in the 
way. | 


eres aiPon Wednefday the 15. of March 1541. 
Ey 4d after the Gouernour had lodged 8. daies 
fF 2 ina plaine, halfea league from the place 
Age) which hehad wintered in, after he had fet 

sand tempered the {words which in Chicaca 
were burned,and made many targets, faddles, and lan- 
ceson Tuelday night,atthe morning watch,many In- 
dians came to aflault the Campe in three {quadrons, 
euery one by themfelues : Thofe which watched gaue | 
thealarme. The Gouernour with ‘great {peed fet his 
men in order in other. three {quadrons, and leauing 
fome to defend the Campe, went out to incounter 
therm. The Indians were ouercome and putto flight. 
‘The ground was champion and fit for ¥ Chriftians to 
take the aduantage of them’; and itwas now breake of. 


day. But there happened a’ diforder, whereby there 


were not palt thirtie or fortie Indians flaine sand this 
itwas: thata Frier cried outin the Campe without 
| Mere | any 


next adioyningto Virginia. 87 

any iuft occafion, To the Campe, To the Campe: 
Whereuponthe Gouernour and all the reft repaired 
thither, and the Indians had time to faue themielues. 
Therewere fome taken, by whom the Gouernourin- 
formed himfelfe of the Countrie,through which hee 

‘was to'pafle. The 25. of Aprill,he departed from CAs *5.0f April 
 caga, and lodged ata {mall towne called —4¢4mamn, Alimamo, 
They had very little Maiz,and they were to pafle a de- 
fertoffeuen daies iournie.. The next day, the Gouer- 

nour fent three Captaines euerie one his way with 
horfemen and footemen to feeke prouifion to pafle 

the defert.. And John Dannufcothe Auditor went with. 
fifteene horfemen,and 40. footemen that way that the 
Gouernour was to goe, and founda {trong fortmade, 
where the Indians ftaied for him, and many of them 
walked on the top of it with their weapons, hauing 


their bodies,thighes and armes okered and died with 
blacke, white, yellow and red; ftriped like vnto panes, Blacke, whites. 
-fothat they (hewed as though they went inhofe and yellow and 


doublets: and fome of them had plumes, and others Shae ate: 


had hornes on their heads,and their faces blacke, and 
their eies done round about with ftrakes of red, to 
-— feeme more fierce: Aflooneas they faw that the Chri- 
ftians approched, with a great crie founding two. 

drummes with great furie they fallied foorth to re- 

‘ceiuethem. Joba Dannufco and thofe that were with. 
him,thought good toauoidthem, and to acquaint the. 
Gouernourtherewith. They retired toa plaine place, 

a croffebowfhot from the fort in fight of it, the foote- 

men,the croflebowmen, and targetters placed them- 

felues before the horfemen, that they might nothurt: 
thehorfes. The Indians {allied out by feuenand{euen,, 
_and eight and eightto fhoote their arrowes, and ie 
4 is vedi 


88 TLhedsconerie of Florida, . 

redagaine: andin fight of the Chriftians theymadea 
fire,and tooke an Indian, fome by the feete, and fome 
by the head,and made as though they wenttocafthim 
into the fire, and gaue him firft many knocks onthe 
head: fignifying, that they meant fo to handle the 
Chriftians.Jobs Danu{co fent three horfemen toaduer- 
tife the Gouernour hereof. He came prefently:for his 
intent was to driue them from thence, faying,thatif he 
did it not,they would be emboldned to charge him a- 
nothertime, when they might doe him more harme. 
He made the horfemen toalight, and fet his menin 
foure {quadrons: The fignebeing giuen, they fet vp- 


the Indians,which made refiftance tillthe Chriftians 


came neere the fort, and affoone as they faw they 
could not defend thé{elues,by a place where a brooke 
pafied neere the fort, theyran away, and from the o- 


therfide they fhot fomearrowes: and becanfeat that 


inftant we knew no ford forthe horfes to paffe, they 
had time enoughto get outof our danger. ThreeIn- 
dians were {laine there, and many Chriftians were 
hurt,whereof within few daies, there died fifteene by 


the way. All men thought the Gouernour to beein 


faule,becaufehe fent not tofee the difpofition of the 
place on the otherfide ofthe Riuer, andtoknowthe — 
paflage before heefetvponthem. Forwiththehope — 
they hadtofaue themfelucs by flight that way; when 
they faw none other meanes,they fought til they were ~ 


‘broken,and it wasan incouragementto defend them- _ 
felues vntill then,and to offend the Chriftians without — 
-any dangertothemfelues, >it | 


Car. 


_ omext adioyning toUirginia. 89 


| How the Gouernour went from Alimamu to Quizquiz, 
and from thence to Rio Grande,or the great Riwer. 


Ny Hree daies after they had fought fome 
| Cigale ¥,| Maiz,whereofthey found bur little ftore, 
. J T se inregard of that which was needful, and 
eee: thar for this caufe, as well for their fakes 
ah that were wounded, it was needfull for 
them to reft, as for the great tournie they were to 
march tocome where ftore of Maiz was: yet the Go- 
uernour was inforced to depart prefentlie toward 
Quizqui. He trauelled feuen daies through adefert A defertof 
of many marifhesand thicke woods: but it might all “***"7'* 
be trauelledon horfebacke, except fome lakes which 
they {wammeouer. Hee cameto atowneof the Pro- 
uince of QuizgquiX without being defcried, and tooke a towne of 
allthe people init before they came out of their hou- Quizquiz. 
fes: The mother of the Cacique was taken there: and 
he fent vntohim by an Indian,that he thould come to 
fee him,and that he would giue bim his mother,and al 
the people which he had taken there. The Cacique 
fent him anfivere againe, thar his Lordfhip fhould 
loofe and fend them to him,and that he would come 
tovifitand ferue him. The Gouernour, becaufe his 
people for want of Majz were fomewhat weake and 
wearie,and the horfes alfo were leane, determined to 
accomplith his requeft, to fee if hee could have peace 
with him, and{fo commanded to fet free his mother 
andall the reft,and withlouing words difmifled them 
and fent them tohim. The nextday, when the Go- 
uernour expected the Cacique, there came many In- 
/ N _ dians 


Anold pro- 
phecic.. 


90 ©—- The difcouerieof Florida, 


dians with their bowes and arrowes witha purpofe to. 
fet vpon the Chriftians. The Gouernor had comman- 
ded all the horfemen to be armed, and on horfebacke, 
and in a readines. When the Indians {aw that they 
were readie, they f{taied a croflebow thot from the 
place where the Gouernour was neerea brooke. And 
after halfe an houre that they had ftood there flil,there 
cameto the Camp fixe principall Indians, and aid, 
they came to fee what people they were,and thatlong 


.agoe, they had been informed by their forefathers, 


» 5» Phat a white people fhould fubdue them: andthat 
» therefore they would returne to their Cacique, and 
>> Did him come prefently to obey and ferue the Gouer- 
> nour: and after they had prefented him with fixe or 


Another 
towne, 


Rio Grande, 


or Riode Elpi- . 


ricu. Santo, 


Aquizo,a 


/ 


feuen skinnesand mantles which they brought, they 


tooke their leaue of nim,and returned with the other, 


which waited for them by the brookes fide. The Cae. 
cique neuer came againe nor fentother meflage. And 
becaufe inthe towne where the Gouernour lodged, 
there was {mall ftore of Maiz, he remoouedto another 
halfe aleague from Ria Grande,where they found plen- 
tieof Maiz: And he went to feethe Riuer, and found, 


that neere vnto it was great {tore of timber to make — 


barges, and good fituation of ground to incampe in. 
Prefently he remooued himfelfe thither. They made 
houfes, and pitched their Campe in:a plaine fielda 
croffebow fhot from theRiuer. And thither was ga- 
thered all the Matz of the townes,which they had Jate- 
lie pafled. They began prefently to cnt and:hew down 
timber, and to faw: plankes for barges, The Indians 
came prefently down the R iner:they leaped on fhore, 
and declared toy Gouernor, That they were fubie@s 


great Lord on. of a great Lord, whofe name was w4qgsixo, who was 


| Lord: 


4 


next adsoyning to‘Uirginia. gt 
_ Lord of many townes,and gouerned many people on the Wefttfide 
the other fide of the River, and came to tell himon oe 
his behalfe,that the next day he with al hismen would 
cometo fee, what it would pleafe him tocommand 
him. The next day with fpeed, the Cacique came 
with two hundred canoes full of Indians with their... 
bowes and arrowes, painted, and with great plumes of cae 
: »P 5 Ss p S OF canoes, 
white feathers,and many other colours, with fhields in 
their hands,wherewith they defended the rowers on 
both fides, and the men of warre ftood from the head 
tothe fterne, with their bowes and arrowes in their 
hands. The canoe wherein the Cacique was, hada 
tiltouerthe fterne, andhec fate vnder the tilt; and fo 
were other canoesof the principall Indians. And from 
vnder the tilt where the chiefe man fat, hee gouerned 
and commanded the other people. Allioyned toge- 
ther,and came within a ftones caft of the fhore. From 
thence the Cacique faid to the Gouernour, which 
walked along the Riuers-fide with others that waited 
on him, that he was come thither to vifit, to honour, 
_ andto obey him ; becaufe he knew he was the gercateft 
_ and migbtieft Lord-on the earth : therefore he would 
fee what he would command him to doe. The Gouer- 
nour yeelded him thankes,and requefted him to come 
on fhore,that they might the better communicate to- 
gether. And without any anfwere to that point, hee 
' fenthim three canoes, wherein was great {tore of ith » 
and loaues, made of the fubftance of prunes like vnto roues made 
brickes. After he had received al,he thanked him, and of prunes, 
prayed him againe to come on fhore. And becaufe 
_ the Caciques purpofe was, to fee if with diffimulation — 
he might doe fome hurt, when they faw that the Go- 
uernour and his men were in readinefle, they beganto 
ROLE uN 2 seo 


Goodly great 
canocs. 


Foure barges 
made. 


‘They paffe 
euer Rio 
Grande. 
The River 
here almoft 


roa 


92 The difecherie of Florida, 


poe from the fhore: and with a great crie, the croffe- 
bowmen which wereready, thot at them,and flue fiue 
or fixeofthem. They retired with great order: none 
did leaue his oare,though the next to him were flaine; 
and fhielding themfelues,they went farther off, After- 
ward they came many times. and landed: and when 
any of vs came toward them, they fled vnto their ca- 
noes, which were verie pleafant to behold: for they 
were very great and well made, and had their tilts, 
plumes, pauefes,and flagges,and withthe multitude of 
people that were inthem,they feemed to bea faire ar- 
mic of gallies. In thirtie dates {pace, while the Go- 
uernour remained there, they made foure barges: In: 
three of which hee commanded twelue horfemen to 
enter,in each of them foure;in a moraing,three houres. 
before day, men which hee trufted would land in de- 
{pight of the Indians,and make fure the paffage,or die, 
and fome footemen being croflebowmen went with 
them,and rowers to fet them onthe other fide. And 
inthe other barge he commanded John de Guzman to. 
-paffe with the footemen, which was made Captaine 
in ftead of Franci[co Maldonado. And becaufe the 
ftreame wasfwift, they went a quarter ofaleague vp 
the Riuer along the bancke, and croffing ouer, fell 
downe with the ftreame,and landed right ouer againft 
the Camp. Twoftones caft before they came to land, 
the horfemen went out of the barges on horfebacke to 
a fandie plot very hard and cleere ground,where all of 
them landed withoutany refiftance. Affooneasthofe 
that paffed firft, were on land on the other fide,the bars 
ges returned tothe place where the Gouernour was : 
and within two houres after Sunne-rifing,all the peo- 


eae kague ple were ouer. The Riuer was almoft halfe a league 


broad. 


next adioyning toUirginia. 93 
broad. Ifaman ftood ftillon the other fide, it could 
notbe difcerned, whether he were amanorno. The 
River was of great depth, and of aftrong curtent; the 
water was alwaies muddie : there came downe the 
River continually many treesand timber, which the 
force of the water and {treame brought downe. There 
was great ftore of fifh in it of fundrie forts, and the 
moft of it differing from the frefhwater fifh of Spaine, 
as hereafter fhall be fhewed. Sadat 


Cuap. XXITI.. 
How the Gouernour departed from Aquixo to Calqui, 
and from thenceto Pacaha: and how this Countrie 
differeth from that which we had paffed. 


BRS a Auing pafled Rio grande, the Gouernour 
eo pean 


24 | trauclled a league andan halfe, and came 
| WA B toagreat towne of Aquixe,which was dif- 
2.8 peopled before hee came thither. They 
{pied thirtie Indians comming ouer aplaine, which 

the Cacique fent,to difcouer the Chriftians determi- 
nation: andaffoone as they had fight of them, they 
tooke themfelues to flight. ‘The horfemen purfued 
them,and flue tenne,and tooke fifteene. And becaufe 
the rowne, whither the Gouernonr went, was neere 
vnto the Riuer, he fenta Captaine,with as many men 
‘as hethoughtfufficient to carrie the barges vp the Ri- 
uer. And becaufe in his trauelling by land many times. 
he went farre fromthe Riuerto compaffe the creekes. 
_thatcame fromit,the Indians tooke occafion to fet vp- 
onthem ofthe barges, and put them in great danger, 
becaufe that by reafon of the great current, they durft 
notleaue the fhore, and. from the bancke they fhot ae: 

N 3 them. 


qui. 


= 


fhels, 


A towne. 


Pacaha neere 
ynto Chifca. 
Greattownes. Was gold. He paffed throngh great townes of Zquixo, 


The firk 


Another 
towne. 


Walnut trees 
with foft 


94. ah. The difcouerie of Flivida, 


_ them. Affoone as the Gouernour was come ‘to the. 


towne, hee prefently fent croflebow men downe the 


‘River, which cametorefcue them: and vpon the com- 


ming of the barges to the towne, hee commanded 
them to bee broken, and tofaue theron for others, 
when itfhould beeneedfall. Hee lay there one night, 
and the day following, hee fetforward tofeekea Pro- 
uince,called Pacaha: which hee was informed to bee 
neere vito Chijea, where the Indians told him there 


which were all abandoned for feare of the Chriftians. 
Hee vnderftood by certaine Indians that were ta- 
ken,that three daies iournie from thence dwelra great 
Cacique, whofe name was Cafqui. Hee came to a 
{mall River, where a bridge was made, by which. 
they paffed: that day till Sunfet, they went all in wa- 
ter, which in fome places came to the wafte, andin 
fome to the knees, When they faw themfelues on dry 
land, they were very glad, becaufe they feared they 
fhould wander vp and downeas forlorne men al night 


inthe water. Atnoone they came to the firlt towne of 
_ towne of Cal Ca/ayi s they found the Indians carelefle,becaufe they 


hadno knowledge of them. There were many men 
and women taken, and ftore of goods,as mantles and 
skinnes,as well in the firft towne, as in another, which 
ftood ina field halfea league from thence in fight of it; 
whither the horfemen ran. This Countrieis higher, 
drier, and-more champion, then any part bordering 
neere the Riuer,that vntill then they had feene. There 
were in the fields many Walnut trees, bearing foft 
fhelled Walnuts in fafhion like bullets,and in the hou- 
{es they found many of them, which the Indians had - 
laid vp in ftore. The trees differed in nothing elfe ae 
: | e | thofe | 


~ 


next adieyning to Virginia. 95 
thofe of Spasne, nor from thofe which we had feene be- 
fore, but onely that they havea {mallerleafe. There 
were many Mulberrie trees and Plum trees, which Many Mul- 
barered plums like thofe of Spasve, and other gray, ice" 
fomewhat differing,but farre better. Andali the trees trees. 
areall the yecre fofruitfull, asif they were plantedin 
orchards : and the woods were verie thinne. The Go- 
uernour trauelled two daies through the Countrie of 
Cafgui, before hee came to the towne where the Caci- 
que was : and the moftofthe way wasalway by cham- 
pion ground,which was full of great townes, fo that Many great. 
from. one towne,you might fee two orthree. He fent townes.. 
an Indian to certifie the Cacique, thathee was com. 
ming to the place where hee was, with intentto pro- 
curchisfriendfhip, and to hold him as his brother. 
Whereunto hean{wered, That he fhould be welcome, 
and that he would receiue him with {peciall good wil, 
and accomplifh all thar his Lordfhip would command 
him. Hee fenthim aprefent vpon the way 3 to wit, 
skinnes, mantles, and fifh: And after thefe comple- 
ments,the Gouernour foundall the townes, ashe paf- 
fed, inhabited with people, which peaceablie attens. 
ded. hiscomming, and offered him skinnes, mantles). 
and fith. The Cacique accompanied with many Indi- 
ans came outof the towne, and ftaied halfe aleague _ 
on the way toreceiue the Gouernour, and when hee: 
came to him,he {pake thefe words following: 
Right high right mighty ,and renowned Lord,your Lords 
hip is moff hartiliewelcome, A [[oone as 1 had notice of your: 
Lerafhip, of your power,and your perfections, although you 
came into my Countrie, killing and taking captines the inhas 
bitants thereof and my fubiects: yet I determined to conforme 
my willunto yours and.as your owne todnterpret ingood ae 
= | alti 


The chiefe 
rowne of the 
Cacique of 
Cafqui. 


96 6©=«-:‘ The Ue ianael Rionde, 


all that your Lordfhip did : beleeuing, thatit was conuenient 
it hould be fo for forse iuft re/pect,to prenent fome future mat- 
ter renealed unto your Lorafhip,and concealed from me. For» 
well may a mifchiefe be permitted toauoid a greater,and that 

good may comethercof: which I beleene will fa fall out. For 

at is no reafon to prefume of fo excelleni a Prince, that theno- 

bieneffe of bisheart, and the effect ofbis will would permit 

bimtofuffer any uniuft thing. My abtlitie ws fo {mall to 
ferueyouasyour Lorafhip deferueth, that sf you refpect not 

mine abundant good will, which humble offereth all kindof 
feruice, Ldeferue but little inyour prefence. But if tt beerea- 

‘fon that this be efteemed,receiue the [ame,my [elfe, my Coun- 

srie,and fubiects for yours,and difpofe of meand them at your 
pleafure. Foriflwere Lord of all the world, with the fame 
good on |houldyour Lordfhip by me be receined,ferusd and 
obeyed. 

The Gouernour an{wered him to the purpofe, and 
fatiffied him in few words. Within a while after both 
of them vied words of great offers & courtefie theone 
to the other, and the Cacique requefted him to lodge 
inhishoufes. The Gouernour, to preferue the peace 
the better, excufed himfelfe, faying, that hee would 
lodge in the fields. And becaufe it was very hot, they 
camped necre certaine trees a quarter of aleague from 
the towne. The Cacique wentto his towne,and came 
againe with many Indians finging. Affoone as they 
came tothe Gouernour, allof them proftrated them- 
felues vpon the ground. Among thefe came two In- 
dians that wereblind. The Cacique madea fpecch: 
to auoid tediou{nefl2,I will oncly tell in few wordsthe 
{fubftance of the matter. Hee faid, that{eeing the Go- 
uernour was the fonne of the Sunne,and a great Lord, 
he befoughthim to doe him the fauourto giue fight 

tM, TiS ESO 


next adtoyning toUirginia. -97 
tothofetwo blind men. The blind men rofe vp pre- 

tently, and very earneftly requefted the fame. of the 
-— Gouernour. He anfwered, That in the high heauens. 
was he that had power to giue them health, and what- 
foeuer they could aske of him ; whofe fervanthe was: 
And that this Lordmade the heauens and the earth, 
and man after his owne likeneffe, and that he fuffered 
vponthe crofletofaue mankind, and rofe againe the 
_ third day, and that he died as he was man,and as tou- 
ching his divinitic,he was, and is immortall; and that 
heafcended into heauen, wherehe ftandeth with his 
armes opentoreceiueall {uch as turnevnto him: and, 
firaightway he commanded him to make a verie high 
crofle of wood, which was fet vp inthe higheft place 
of thetowne; declaring vnto him, that the Chriftians 
worfhipped the fame in refemblanceand memorie of 
that whereon Chrift fuffered. The Gouernour and 

his men kneeled downe before it, and the Indians did 

the like. The Gouernour willed him,that from thence- - 
foorth hee fhould worfhip the fame, and fhould aske 

whatfoeuer they ftood in need of,of that Lord that he 

toldhim wasimheauen. Then he asked him how far 
it was from thence to Pacaha: He faidone daies iour- 

nie,and thatat the end of his Countrie, there wasa 

Jake like a brooke which falleth into Rio Grande, and 

that hee would fend men before to make a bridge 

whereby he might paffe. The fameday thatthe Go- 


uernour departed thence,he lodged ata towne belon- A townebee 
ging to Ca/qui: andthe nextday hee pafled in fight of longing to 


SC 


_ othertownes,and came to the lake, which washalfe a 
croffebow fhot ouer, ofa great depth andcurrent. At 

the time of his comming, the Indians had made an 
en | peg Noe ©) end 


Orher towns. 


98  Thedifcouerieof Florida, 
endofthe bridge, which was made of timber, [aid one 
tree afteranother: and on one fide ithadacourfe of 
{takes higher then the bridge, for them that paffed to 
takeholdon. The Cacique of €a/qui came to the Go- 
uernour,and brought his people with him. TheGo-_ 
uernour fent word by an Indianto the Cacique of Pa- 
caha,that though hee were enemieto the Cacique of 
Cafqui,and though hee were there, yet he. would doe 
him no difgrace nor hurt,ifhe would attéd- him peace- 
ablie, and embrace his friendfhip ; butrather would 
intreate himasabrother. The Indian, which the Go- 
vernour fent, came againe,and faid, that the Cacique 
made none account of that which hee told him, but 
fled with all his men outat the other fide of the towne. 
Prefentlie the Gouernour entred,and ran before with 
the horfemen,that way,by which the Indians fled; and 
Another aranother towne diftant a quarter of a league from 
rowne, —_ thence,they tooke many Indians : and affooneas the 
horfemen had taken them, they deliuered them to the 
Indians of Ca/qni, whom, becaufe they were their ene- 
mies, with much circum{pedtion and reioycing, they 
brought to the towne where the Chiiftians were: and 
the greateft griefe they had,was this, that they could 
not get leave to kill them. There were found inthe 
Danuss._, townemany mantles, and Deere skinnes,Lions skins, 
- Lions skinnes, and Beares skinnes, and many Catsskins. Many came 
i ar ae {o farre poorely apparrelled, and there they clothed 
‘Hana, __themfelues : of the mantles,they made themcotes and 

caffocks,and fome made gownes, and linedthem with 
Cats skins ; and likewife their caflocks. Of the Deeres 
skinnes, fome made them alfo ierkins,fhirts, hofe and 
fhoces : and of the Beare skinnes, they made them ve. 


Mantles, 


next aatoyning toVireinia. 99 
ty good clokes:forno water could pierce them.There 
Were targets of raw oxe hides found there ;-with Targets of 
which hides they armed their horfes, | sam one nice 


| Crap. XXIII. 
How the Cacique of Pacaha came peaceablie to the Go- 
nernour, andthe Cacique of Calqui abfented hiv. 
Selfe,and came againe tormake his excufe,andhow the 
. ~sGouernour made thens both friends. - 


cies ¢Pon Wednelday, the 19. of Iune, the Go- 
va Ge/45) uernour entred into Pacaba : He lodged Pacaha,a very 
A s Wée “| in the towne, where the Cacique vfed to aka aie 
=etheey! refide, which was very great, walled, and rowers. 
th towers, and many loopeholes were in the 
towers and wall. Andin the towne was great {tore of 
Old Maiz, and great quantitie of new in the fields. 
Within a league and halfe a league were greattownes 
all walled. Where the Gouernour was lodged, was Greatwalled 
a great lake, that camencere ynto the wall: and it en-townes. 
tred into a ditch that went round about the towne, 
wanting but a little to environ it round. From the 
lake to the great Riuer was made a weare by the which 
the fith came into it; whichthe Caciquekept for his 
recreation and fport : with nets,that were found in the Nets found. 
towne,they tookeas much as they would: and tooke 
they neuer fo much, there was no want pérceiued. 
There. was alfo great ftore of fifhin many other lakes 
that were thereabour,but it was foft,and not fo good 
__ as that which came from the Riuer, and the moft of it 
was different from the frefhwater fith of Spaine. There ry. diners 
_ wasa fifh which they called Bagres: the third part of fortsof excel- 
it was head, and it had on both fides the gilles, and Shohe Rio 
fe O02 ee MONE cen 


Five or fixe 
-thouland In- 
dians, 


‘yoo §=— The difcouerte of Florida, 


along the fides great pricks like very fharpeaules:thofe 
of thiskind that were in the lakes were as big as pikes : 
and in the Riuer, there were fome of an hundred, and 
ofan hundred and fiftie pounds weight, and many of 
them were taken with the hooke. There was another 
fith like barbilles; and another like breames, headed 
like a delicate fifh, called in Spaine befugo, betweene 
red and gray. This was thereof moft efteeme. There 
was another fifh called a pele fifh: ic had afnout of a 
cubitlong,andatthe end ofthe vpper lip it was made 
likeapeele. There was another fith like a Wefterne 
fhad: And allofthemhad fcales, except the bagres, 
and the pele fifh. There was another fifh,which fome- 


~ times the Ind:ans brought vs, of the bignes of an hog, 


they called itthe Pereo ith: ithad rowes ofteeth be- 
neath and abone. The Cacique of Ca/qui lent many 
times great prefents of fifh,mantles, and skinnes. Hee - 
told che Gouernour, thathe would deliuerthe Cact- 
que of Pacaha into his hands. He went to Ca/qui, and 
fent many canoes vp the River, and came himtelfe by 
land with many of his people. The Gouernour with 
4.0.horfemen;and 60. footemen tooke him along with 


him vp the River. And his Indians which were in the 


canoes, difcouered where the Cacique of Pacaba was 
in alittle Ifland, firuated betweene two armes of the 
River. And fiue Chriftians entred into a canoe,where- 
in Don _Antenio Oforiowent before, to.fee what peo- 
ple the Cacique had with him. There were in the 
Ifle fiue or fixe thoufand foules.. Andaffooneas they 
faw them, fuppofing that the Indians which were in 
the other canoes were alfo Chriftians, the Cacique, 
and certaine which were in three canoes, which they 
bad there with thé, fled in Spares ch 3 oe . 


oan Necker vne 


next adioyningtoUirginia. 101 
ofthe Riuer: The'reft with great feare and danger, 
lept into the Riuer,where much people was drowned, 
e{pecially women, and little children. Prefently the 
Gouernor which was on land,not knowing what had 
happened to Dow Antonio, and thofe that went with 
him, commanded § Chriftians with all {peed to enter, 
with the Indians of Cafqus in the canoes, which were 
quickly with Don datonio in the little Ifland, where 
they tooke many men and women, and much goods 
Great {tore of goods, which the Indians had laid vp- 
on hurdles of canesjand rafts of timber to carrie ouet 
to the other fide,draue down the riuer, wherewith the 
Indians of Cz(qui filled their canoes : and for feare left: 
the Chriftians would take it from them, the Cacique: 
wenthome with them downe the Riucr, without ta-- 

king his leaue of the Gouernour: whereupon the, 

- Gouernour was highly offended with him : and pre- 
fently returning to Pacaha, he ouerran the Counttie- 
of Ca/qui the {pace of two leagues, where hee tooke: 
twenticor thittic of his men. And becaufe his horfes: 
were wearie, and he wanted time that day to goe any: 
farther, hee returned to Pacaha, with determination” 
within three or foure daies after to inuade Ca/qui. And: 
prefently heletloofe one of the Indias of Pacaba,and: 
fent word by himto'the Cacique, thatif hee would 
hau his friendfhip, he fhouldrepaire vnto him, and: 
that both of them would make warre vpon Ca/qui.And- 
prefently came many Indians that belonged to Pacaha, 
and brought an Indian, in ftead of the Cacique, 
which was difcoucred by the Caciques brother which: 
was taken prifoner.. The Gouernout wifhed the Indi-. 
ans that their Mafter himfelfe fhould come: for hee: 

newvery well char that wasnot hee, and toldthem, 
Lenin rie O03, that: 


' r ? e 
102 Lhedscouerie of Florida, 
that they could doe nothing; which he knew not be- 
The Cacique fore they thought it. The next day the Cacique came, 
ofPacaha ~—_ accompanied with many Indians, and with a prefene 
sommethto of much fifh,skinnesand mantles. He made a {peech 
nour, that all were glad to heare,and concluded, faying, That 
though his Lordfhip, without his giuing occafion of 
offence had done him hurt inhis Countrieand {ub- 
iects,yet he would not therefore refufe to bee his, and 
that he would alwaies be at hiscommandement. The 
Gouernour commanded his brother to be loofed,and 
other principall Indians thar were taken prifoners. 
‘That day came an Indian from the Cacique of Ca/qui, 
and faid,that his Lord would come the nextday to ex- 
cufe himfelfe of the error which he had committed, in 
going away without licence of the Gouernour. The 
Gouernour willed the meffenger to fignifie vnto him, 
that if he came not in his owne perfon,he would feeke. 
him himfelfe,and giue him fuch punithmentas he de- 
ferued. The next day with all fpeede came the Caci- 
que of Ca/qui,and broug!:ta prefent to the Gouernour 
of many maniles, skinnes, and fifh, and gane hima - 
daughter of his,faying,that he greatly defired to match 
_ hisblood with the blood of {0 great a Lord as he was, 
and thereforehe brought him his daughter, and defi- 
red him totake her to his wife. Hee madealongand 
difcreet oration, giuing him great commendations, 
and concluded, faying,that hee fhould pardon his go- 
ing away without licence, for that Crofles fake,which 
he had left with him: protefting, that hee went away 
for fhame of that which his men had done without 
hisconfent. The Gouernouranfwered him, that hee 
had chofen a good patrone ; and that if he hadnot 
come to excufe himfelfe, hee had determined to “(i 
ee im, 


ee 


next adigyningtoUtreinia. 103 
_ him, to burne histownes,, to kill him and his people, 
and to deftroy his Countrie. To whichhe replied, 
a ing: | » 
: eney Lord, Land mine are yours, and my Countrie like- 
wife s yours: therefore if you bad done fo, you fhould bane 
defireyed your owne Countric, and haue killed your owne peo- 
ple: what/foener fhall come unto me from your hand, I will re- 
| ceine as from my Lord,afwell punilhment asreward : Ana 
know you,that the fanour which you did me in leaning me the 
Croffe, Ido acknowledge the fame to be avery great one,and 
greater then I haue ener deferued. For you {hall underftand, 
that with great droughts, the fields of Maiz of my Conntrie 
svere withered , and affoone as 1 and my people kneeled before 
she Croffe, and prayed for raine, prefently our necefsitie was 
reliched. art 
- The Gouernour made him,and the Cacique of Pa- 
 gaha friends; and fet them with him at his table to 
dine with him: and the Caciques fellat variance a- 
bout the feates, which of them fhould fiton his right 
hand. The Gouernour pacified them, tellingthem, 
that among the Chriftians,all was onc to fiton the one 
fide,oron the other, willing themfoto behaue them- 
{elues,feeing they were with him,that no bodie might 
heare them, and that every one fhould fit in the place 
that firft hee lighted on. From thence he {ent thirtie 
horfemen,and fiftie footemen to the Prouince of Calz- 


ca, tofee iffrom thence hee might trauell to Chifca, Goldand cop- 
where the Indians faid, there was a worke of gold and P* is Chifca. 


copper. They trauelled feuendaies iournie through a 
defert,and returned verie wearie, eating greene plums 
and ftalkes of Maiz, which they found in a poore 


towne offixe orfeuenhoufes. From thence forward A poore: 


toward the North;the Indians faid,Thatthe Country 0" 


104. Lhedifcouerieof Florida, = 
Great fore of as very ill inhabited, becaufe it was very cold: And 
_ theNorchof that there were fuch {tore of Oxen, that they could” 

Pacaha.  _keepenocorne for them: that the Indians liuedvpon 
Oaniee their flefh. The Gouernor feeing,that toward that part _ 
| the Countrie was fo poore of Maiz, that in it they 
could not bee fuftained, demanded of the Indians, 
which way it was moft inhabited: and they faid, they 
had notice ofa great Prouince, and a very plentifull 
Countrie,which was called Quigaate, and that it was | 
towardtheSouth. | So ae 


: Crar XOX Vie ae a 
How the Gonernour departed from Pacaha to Quigan- 
_ te,and to Coligoa, and came to Cayas. 


EG S| He Gouernour refted in Pacaha for- 
eephe| tiedaies. In all whichtimethetwo 
Caciques ferued him with great 
4e1 {tore of fifh, mantles, and skinnes, 
e—24| and ftroue who {fhould doe him 
a4) greateftferuice. At thetime of his 
departure, the Cacique of Pacaha 
gaue him two ofhis fifters, faying, that in figneofleue 
that he might remember him, he fhould take them for 
his wives; the ones name was (Macanoche, and the o- 
thers -Mochila : they were well proportioned,tall of 
bodie, and well flefhed. Atacanoche was of a good 
countenance, and in her fhape and phyfiognomie 
looked like a Ladie: the other was ftrongly made.The 
Cacique of Ca/qui commanded the bridge to be repai- _ 
red, and the Gouernourreturied through his Coun- 
The Caciques trey, and lodged in the field neeré histowne, whither 
russ "hee came with great ftore of fith, and two On 
| which — 


“2 


next adigyning to Virginia. | 105 
which hee exchanged with two Chriftians for two 


fhirts. He gaue vsa guide and men for cariages. The 
Gouernour lodged ata towne of his, and the next day 


be brought for him to paffe ouer,and with his leaue re- 
turned. The Gouernour tooke his iournie towar 


-Quigaute. The fourth day of Auguft, hecameto the 
towne,where the Cacique vied tokcep his refidencie : 


on the way he fent him a prefent of many mantles and 


skinnes, and not daring to ftay for him inthe towne, 
he abfented himfelfe. The towne was the greateft rye orearcht 
that was feene in Florida. The Gouernour and his towne feencin 


people lodged inthe one halfe ofit: and within few 
daies, feeing the Indians became liars, he commanded 
the other halfe to be burned, becaufe it fhould not bee 
a fhelter for them, if they came to affaule him by night, 
nor an hindrance to his horfemen for the refifting of 
them. There came an Indian very well accompanied 
with many Indians, faying, that hee was the Cacique. 
He deliuered him ouer to the men of his guard to look 
vntohim. There went and came many Indians, and 
brought mantles and skinnes. The counterfeit Caci- 
que, fecing fo little opportunitie to execute his euill 
thought, as hee went one day abroad talking withthe 
Gouernour,he fhewed him fucha paire of heeles, that 
there was no Chriftian that could ouertake him, and 
he leaped into the River, which was a croflebow {hot 
from the towne: and affoone as hee was on the other 
fide, many Indians that were thereabout making a 


‘great crie began to fhoote. The Gouernour paffed 


prefently ouer tothem with horfemen and footemen, 
but they durft not tarrie forhim. Going forward on 


A towne ef 
F al 


atanother neere a River, whither he caufed canoes to ©" 


Another 
towne, 


Quigaute, 
The fourth of 


Augutt 


Florida, 


‘His way, hee came toa towne wherethe people were “wns 


106  Thedifconerieof Florida, 
fled,anda little further to a lake,where the horfes could _ 
not paffe, and on the otherfide were many women. 
The footemen pafled, and tooke many of them, and 
much {poile. The Gouernour came to the Camp: 
And that night was a {pie of the Indians taken by 
them of thewatch. The Gouernour asked him, whe- 
ther he would bring him where the Cacique was¢ he 
faid,he would. And he went prefently,tofeeke him 
with twentie horfemen, and fiftiefootemen: and af- 
ter he had fought him aday, andan halfe, hee found 
him ina ftrong wood: And afouldiour not knowing 
him,gaue hima wound on the head; and he cried ont, 
that he fhould not kill him, faying,that he was the Ca- 
cique : fo he was taken, & an hundred and fortie of his 
men withhim. The Gouernour came againe to Qui- 
gaute, and willed him to caufe his men to come to 
{eruethe Chriftians: and ftaying fome daies for their 
comming,and {eeing they came not,he fent two Cap- 
taines, euery one his way on both fides of the Riuer 
with horfemen and footemen. They tooke many men 
and women. Now fecing the hurt which they fuftai- 
ned for their rebellion, they came to fee what the Go- 
vernour would command them, and paffed toand fro 
many times, and brought prefents of cloth and fifh. 

tie The Cacique and his two wiues were in the lodging 
of the Gouernour loofe, and the halbardiers of his 
guard did keepe them. The Gouernour asked them 
which way the Countrie wasmoft inhabited? They 
faid, that toward the South downe the Riuer, were 
great townes and Caciques,which commanded great 

Coligoa neere Countries, and much people: And that towardthe 

coceraine ~Northwelt, there was a Prouince neere to certaine 

pour  mountaines, that was called Colizoa. The Gouernour 
: : and 


o> "Le 


~ 


next adioyningtoUirginia. 107 
-andall the reft thought good to goe firft to Coltges : 
faying,that peraduenture the mountains would make 
fome difference of foile; and that beyond them there 
might be fomegoldor filuer: As for Quigante,Caqui, 
and Pacaha,they were plaine Countries, fat grounds, 
and fullofgood medowes on the Rivers, where the 
Indians fowed large fields of Maiz. From Ta{caluca 
10 Rio grande,or the great Riuer, is about 300. leagues : 
itisa very low Countrie, and hath many lakes, From 
Pacaha to Quigante may bee an hundred leagues. 
The Gouernour left the Cacique of Quigante in his 
ownetowne: And an Indian, which was his guide, 
_ led him through great woods without any way feuen 

daies iournie through a defert, where, at euery lod- 
ging, they lodged in lakes and pooles in verie fhold 
water: there was fuch ftore of fifh, that they killed 


them with cudgils ; and the Indians which they carri- 4 ne™ way to 
ed in chaines,with the mud troubled’ the waters, and 


the fith being sherewith, as it were, aftonied, came to 
thetop of the water, and they tooke as much as they 


lifted. The Indians of Cofigoa had no knowledge of Cotigoa, 


the Chriftians, & when they came fo ncere the towne, 


that che Indians {aw them,they fledvpa River, which a Riuer, 


paffed neere the towne, and fome leaped into it; but 
the Chriftians went on both fides of the Riuer, and 
tooke them. There were many men and women ta- 
ken, andthe Cacique with them. And byhis com- 
mandement within three daies came many Indians 
witha prefent of mantlesand Deeres skinnes,and two 


Two oxe 


oxe hides : And they reported, that 5. or 6. leagues 3. 
fromthence toward the North, there were many Of store of oxen 


thefe oxen, and that becaufe the Countrie was 
cold, it was euillinhabited: That the beft Gountrie 
cng Ca 


which 


108 = The dsfCouerie of Florida, 
whichthey knew, the moft plentifull, and moft inha- 
bited, was a Prouince called Cayas, lying toward the 
FromQui- fouth. From Quiguate to Coligoa may be 40. leagues. 
Figoa hoe This towne of Cofgoa {tood at the foote of an hill, on 
leagues, the bank ofameane Riuer, of the bignefle of Cayas, the 

River that pafleth by Estremadura. It was a fat foile 
and fo plentiful of Maiz,that they caft out the old, to 
brisg in the new. There was alfo great plentie of 
French beaties and pompions. The French beanes. 
were greater, and better then thofe of Spaine, and like- 
wile the pompions,and being rofted,they haue almoft 
the taite ofcheftnuts. The Cacique of Cohgoa gane a 
| _ guideto Cayas, and {taied behind in hisowne towne.. 
wiPalifsen. Wee trauelled fiue daies, and came to the Prouince of 
Palifema. The houfe ofthe Cacique was found coue- 
red with Deeres skinnes of divers colours and works. 
drawnein them, and withthe fame in manner of car- 
pets was the ground of the houfe couered. The Caci- 
queleftit fo,that the Gouernour might lodge init, in. 
token that he fought peace and his friendfhip. But hee 
durft not tarrie his comming. The Gouernour, feeing 
he had abfented himfelfe, fenta Captaine with horfe- _ 
men and footemen to feeke him: Hee found much 
people, but by reafon of the roughneffe ofthe Coun- 
trie, hetookenone fauea few women and children.. 
Thetowne was little and fcattering, and had very lit. 
tle Maiz. For which caufe the Gouernour {peedilie 
departed from thence. Hee came to another towne 
Faraliceya. Called Tatalicoya, hee carried with him the Cacique 
— thereof,which guided him to Cayas. From Tatalicoya 
VRKO are foure daies iournie to Cayzs. When hee cameto- 
Cayas, —— Cayas,and faw the townefcatrered; hee thought they 
_ hadtold hima lie,and that itwas notthe Prouince of 


Gaya, 9 


ee Poe Vic ga) BeRacpag. 
Seabees Stik peice iy. pe 
sae eS 


next adigyning to Virginia. 109 
Cayas;becaufe they had informed him that it was well 
inhabited: Hethreatned the Cacique, charging him 
to tellhim where hee was: and he and other Indians. 
which were taken neere about that place, affirmed 

_thatthis was the towneof Cayas, and the beft that was 
in that Countrie,and that though the houfes were di- - 
ftanttheone from the other, yetthe ground that was 
inhabited was great, and that there was greatftore of 
people,and many fields of Maiz. This towne was cal- 
led Tanico : he pitched his Campe in the beft part of Tanico, 
itneere vntoa Riuer. The fame day thatthe Gouer- 
nourcame thither, he wentaleague farther with cer- 
taine horfemen, and without finding any people, hee 
found many skinnesin a pathway,which the Cacique 
had left there, that they might bee found, in token of. 
peace.. Forfo is the cuftome in that Countrie.. 


Droit si Bias O6 Walininev on 
. How the Gouernour. difconered the Prouince.of Tulla,. 
and what happened vntohim. | | 


% He Gouernor refted a moneth in the Pro- 
3) uince of Cayas. In which timethe horfes. 
4 fattened and thriued more, then in other. 
2as)| places in a longer time, with the great: 

SES plentie of Maiz and the leaues thereof, 
which I thinke was the beft that hath been {eene, and 
they dranke of a lake of very hot water, and fomewhat , |. on. 
- brackifh, and they dranke fo much, that it {welled in and fomewhae, 
_ their bellics when they brought them from the wate- brackith wa- 
ring. Vntill that time the Chriftians wanted falt, and 3°). o¢ gic 
there they made good ftore,which they carried along made-at 
withthem. The Indians doe carric it to other places ©47**. m4 
; R'3 ? to, id 


“110 T he difcouerie of Florida, 


99 


to exchange it forskinnesand mantles. They make it 
along the Riuer, which when it ebbeth, leaueth it vp- 


” onthe vpper part of the fand. And becaufe they can-- 


not make it,without much fand mingled with it, they 


” throw it into certaine baskets which they haue for 
Y that purpofe, broad atthe mouth, andnarrowat the 
” bottom, andfet itin theaire vpona barre, and throw 


” water into it,and fer afmall veflell vnder it, wherein it 
i falleth : Being ftrained and fet to boile vpon the fire, 
39 


when the water is fodden away, the faltremainethin © 
the bottome of the pan.On both fides of the Riuer the 
Countrie was full of fowne fields,and there was ftore. 
of Maiz. The Indians durft not come ouer where wee 
were : & when fome of them fhewed themfelues ,the 
fouldiers that faw them called vntothem; then the In- 
dians paffedthe Riuer,and came with them where the 
Gouernor was. Heasked thé forthe Cacique. They 
faid,that he remained quiet,but that he durftnot fhew 
himfelfe.. The Gouernour prefently fent him word, 
that he fhould come vnto him, and bring hima guide 
and an interpretour for his iournie,ifhe made account 
of his friendfhip: andif he did notfo, he would come 
himfelfeto feeke him,and thatit would bee the worfe 
forhim. Hee waited three daies, and fecinghe came 


-not,he wentto feekehim, and brought him prifoner 


vith r50.0fhis men. He asked him, whether hee had 


motice of any great Cacique, & which way the Coun- 


trie was beft inhabited. Hee an{wered, that the beft 
Countrie thereabout was a Prouince toward the 
South,a day and an halfes iournie, which was called . 
Tula; and that he could give him a guide, but noin- 
terpretour, becaufe the fpeech of that Countrie was - 
different from his, and becaufe he and his anceftors — 
dy ce had 


next adigyning to Unginia. =m 

had alwaies warres with the Lords of that Prouince, ~ 

therefore they had no commerce,nor vnderftood one 

anothers language. Immediatly the Gouernour with — 
certaine horfemen, and 50. footemen, departed to- 

ward Tulla, to fee if the Countrie were fuch, as hee 

might paffe through it with all his companie: andaf- 
fooneas he arriuedthere, and was efpied of the Indi- Tulla. 
ans, the Countrie gathered together, and affoone as 

15. and 20. Indians could affemble themfelues, they 

fet vpon the Chriftians: and {eeing that they did han- 

die them fhrewdly, and chat the horfemen ouertooke 

them when they fled,they gat vp into the tops of their 

houfes, and fought to defend themfelues with their ar- 

rowes : and being beaten downe from one, they gat | 

vp vpon another. And while our men purfued{fome, 

others fet vpon them another way. Thus theskirmifh 

lafted fo long, that the horfes were tired, and they 

could notmake themrunne. TheIndians killed there 

one horfe,and fome were hurt. There were 15. Indi- 

ans flainethere,and40. womenand boies were taken 

prifoners. For whatfoeuer Indian did fhoot at them,if 

they could come by him, they put him tothe f{word. 

The Gouernour determined to returne toward Cayas, 

before the Indians had time to gather a head; and. 

prefently that evening, going part of ¥. night to leaue 

Tulla,he lodged by the way, and the next day came to 

‘Cayas : and within three daies after he departed théce The Gouer- 

toward Tx/l¢ with all his companie: He carried the So cama 

Cacique along with him,and among all his men, there la with all his. 
-wasnotonefound that could vnderftand the {peech.companic.. 

of Tulla. He ftaied three daies by the way, andthe 

day that he came thither,he found the towne abando- 
ned: for the Indians durft not tarrie his comming 

eh | “Bue 


Sg chia. ENTREE SE ap ad Mh 


u2 Thed:fcouerteof Florida, 


Butaffoone asthey knew that the Gouernour was in 


Tulla,the firft night about § morning watch,they came 


in two {quadrons two feuerall waies,with their bowes 

and arrowes, and long ftaues like pikes. Affooneas 

they were defcried,both horfe and foot fallied out vp- 
onthem,where many of the Indians were f{laine: And 

fome Chriftians and horfes were hurt: Some of the 

. Indians were taken prifoners,whereof the Gouernour 
pean ete fent fixe to the Cacique, with their right hands and 
hands andno- nofes cut off: and fenthim word, thatit hecamenot 
fescutof, tg himtoexcufeand fubmit himfelfe, that hee would 
come to feeke him,and that hee would doe thelike to 
him,and as many of his ashee could find, as hee had 
done to thofe which hee had fenthim : and gaue him 
three daies refpit for tocome. And this he gaue them 
to vnderftand by fignes,as wellashee could, for there 
was no interpretour. At the three daies end, there 
came an Indian laden with Oxe hides. He came wee- 
ping with great fobs, and comming to the Gouernour 
caft himfelfe downe at his feete: He tooke him vp,and 
he madeafpeech, but there was none that vnderftood 
him. The Gouernour by fignes commanded him, to 
returne to the Cacique, and to will him, tofendhim 
an interpretor, which could vnderftand the men of Ga- 


Oxe hides. 


yas. The next day came three Indians laden with oxe © 


Oxchides. hides; and within three daies after came 20. Indians, 


and among them one that vnderftood them of Cayas: 
Who, after a long oration of excufes ofthe Cacique, 
and praifeés of the Gouernour, concluded with this, 
that he andthe other were comethither onthe Caci- 
ques behalfe, to fee what his Lordfhip would com- 
mand him to doe,for he was readieat his commande- 
ment. The Gouernourand all his companie were ve- 

| ee 2. 7 Sie 


Stee er ee 


nt ee 


next adioyning to Uirginia. 113 
rie glad. Forin no wife could they traucil without an 
interpretour. The Gouernour. commanded him to 
be kept fafe,and bad himtell the men that came with 
him,that they fhuld returne to the Cacique,and figni- 
fie vnto him, that he pardoned him for that which was 
paft,and thanked him much for his prefents and inter- 
pretour,which hehad{ent him,and thathe would bee 
glad to feehim,and that hefhould come the next day 
to talke with him. After three daies,the Cacique came, The Cacique 
and 80. Indians with him: and himfelfe and his men ° "* 
came weeping into the Camp, in token of obedience 
and repentance forthe errour paffed, after the manner eae 
of thatCountrie: He broughta prefent of many oxe j.i30) with 
hides: which, becaufe the Countrie was cold, were wooil on 
verie profitable,and ferued for couerlets,becaufe they them.asfoft 
were very foft,and wolled like fheepe. Not farre from wool, Goma: 
-thence toward the North were many oxen. The raHittor.Ge- 
Chriftians faw them not, nor came into the Countrie $77.78 25° 
where they were, becaufe thofe parts were euill inha- amaeele 
bited, and had {mall ftore of Maiz where they were North. 
bred. The Cacique of #2 madean oration to the 
Gouernour,wherein he excufed himfelfe, and offered 
him his Countrie, fubiects, and perfon. Afwell this 7,. seat elo- 
Caciqueas the others,and all thofe which came to the quence ot the 
Gouernour on their behalfe, deliuered their meffage Indians. 
ot {peech in fo good order, that no oratour could viter 
the fame more eloquentlie. 


A winter of 
wo or three 
moneths. ry 


4. The dhfconerte of Florida, 


Cc HAP. XX VII. ' 
How the Gouernour went from Tulla to Autiamque, 
where be t paffedthe winter, be | 


eae Ganeced ebfornitel himfelfe. af all 

=#)"| the Countrie round about, and ynder- 
24 ftood, thattoward the Welt wasa {catte- 
i red dwelling, and that toward the South- 
: eaft were great townes, efpecially ina 
Prouiace called 4utiamque,tenne daies 1 iournie from 
Tulla,; which might be about 80. leagues; and thacit 
Was a. ‘plentiful! Countrie of Maiz. And becaufe win- 
tercame on, and that they could not trauell two or 


three moneths in the yeere for cold, watersjand {fnow: 
and fearing,thatif they fhould ftay folong inthe {cate 


tered dwelling,they could notbe fufteined ; and alfo 


becanfe the Indians faid,that neereto Autiamgue was . 
a great water,and accordi ing to theirrclation, the Go- 
uernour thought i it was fome-arme of theSea: And 


becaufe he now. defired to-fend newes of himfelte to 
Cuba,that fome fupplic of men & horfles mightbe fent 


vnto him; (forit was aboue three yeeres, fince Donna 
Tfabella, which was in Hauana, or any other perfon in 


Chriftendome had heard of -him,-and by this time 


he had loft 250. men, and 15¢. horfes). hedetermined — 


to.winter in Autiamgue, and the next {pring, toigoe to 
the feacoftand make two brigantines, and fend one 


ofthem to Cuba,anid the other to Naews-Efpanna, that ~ 
that which wentin fafetic, might giue newesofhim: 


eB EL 


Hoping with the goods which he had in Cuba, to fur- 
nifh himfelfe againe,and to.attemptthe difcouery and | 
conqueftioward the Welt: for hehad not yetcome . — 

where. 


-- 


eis ait a ee 
SiR SL See 


ee os ") —— 
a eee 


av - ‘ ‘ 
Z Nate ‘ : ail Fee : = ieee Aig TAS ou, HY, 
ee Ne ee a ae ee ee Ten EPO, A NE Se Pee ee a a Se 


< re ~ a rs - 3 Mi nena See 
Re Me STORE ee et ee ee gr gh ae ee ee 


on 


Is 
where Cabeca de Vaca had been. Thus having fenta- 
way the two Caciques of Cayas and Tula, he tooke his 
fournie toward Autzamgue: Hee trauclled fiue daies Quipana, aCe: 
ouer very rough mountaines,and came toatowneécal- trom Tulia, 
led Qaipana,where no Indians could be taken for the 
roughnefle of the Countrie ; andthe towne being be- 
tweene hilles, there was an ambuth laid, wherewith 
they tooke two Indians; which told them, that Auti- 
amque Was fixe daies iournie from thence, and that 
there was another Province toward the Southeiche 
daies iournie off, plentifull: of Maiz,and very well peo- 
pled,which was called Gushate. But becaufe CA utianm- Guahae. 

we Was neerer, and the moft of the Indians agreed of 

it,the Gouernour made hisiournie that way. In three 
daies he came to atownecalled Anoixi. He fenta Cap- anoixi, 
taine before with 30. horfemen, and 50. footemen, 
and tooke the Indians carelefle, hee tooke many men 

and women prifoners. Within two daies after the Go- 

uernour came to another townecalled Catamaya, and C*amaya. 
lodgedin the ficlds of the towne. Two Indians came 

with a falfe meflage from the Cacique to know his de- 
termination, Heebadthem tell their Lord, that hee 

fhould come and {peake with him. The Indians retus- 

nedand came no more, nor any other meflage from 
the Cacique. The next day the Chriftians went to 
the towne,which was without people: they tooke as 
much Maiz as they needed. That day they lodged in 

a wood, and the next day they came to Autiamque. amiamgue 

They found much Matz laid vpin -ftore, and French fixe daics iour- 

beanes,and walnuts,and prunes, great ftore ofall forts, Me™ CH 

pera hess ¥ 16 pana. 

‘They tooke fome Indians which were: gathering to- 

gether the ftuffe which their wiues had hidden. This 

wasa champion Countric, and well inhabited. The 
; O22 Gouer- 


A River. _ 


Tietiguaquo. 


116 The difecuerie of Florida, % fs 


Gouernour lodged inthe beft part ofthetowne, and 
commanded prefently to make a fenfe of timber 


round about the Campe diftant from the houfes, that 
the Indians might not hurt them without by fire.And | 


meafuring the ground by pafes, hee appointed: euery 
one his part to doeaccording to'the number of Indi- 
ans which he had : prefently the timber was brought 
by them; and in three daies there was an inclofure 
made of very hie and thicke pofts thruft into the 
ground, and many railegs laid acroffe. Hard by this 
towne paffed a R iuer,that came out of the Prouince of 
Cayas ; and aboue and beneath it was very well. peo- 
pled. Thither came Indianson the Caciques behalfe 
witha prefent of mantles and skinnes ; and an halting 
Cacique,fubie&tto the Lord of Autiamqae, Lord ofa 
towne called Tstiquaquo, came many times to vifitthe 
Gouernour, and to bring him prefents of fuchas hee 
had. The Cacique of Aatiamaue fent to know of the 


Gouernour, how long timehee meantto ftayin-his 


Countriez And vnderftanding that he meant to ftay a- 
boue three daies,he neuer fent any more Indians, nor 


any other meffage, but confpired with the lame Caci- 


que to rebell. Diuers inrodes were made, wherein 
there were many men and women taken, and the 
Jame Cacique among the reft. The Gouernour re- 
{pecting the feruices which he had receiued of him,re- 


prehended and admonifhed him, and fethimat liber- 


tie; and gaue him two Indians tocarrie him inachaire 
vpon their fhoulders. The Cacique of Autiamque de- 


firing to thruft the Gouernour out of his Countrie, fet — 


{pies ouer him. And an Indian comming one night 
tothe gate of the inclofure, a fouldier that watched ef- 
pied him,and ftepping behind the gate,ashe came in, 


he oF 


- ‘i — " : See o , a i es = 
a ED TR ee Se eS ee OI nt pS ae ee ena ee OT ee Soe 


~ 


PS Oe, OS ee ee ee 


ee ee 


next adioyning to Virginia. 17 
 hegaue him fuch athruft,that he fell downe; and fo 
he carried him to the Gouernour: and as hee asked 
him wherefore he came, not being able to {peake, hee 
felldowne dead. The night following the Goucrnor 
commanded ia fouldiour to give the alarme, and to fay Great proui- 
that he had feene Indians;to fee howready they would “"* 
be to anfwerethealarme. And hee did fo fometimes | 
as wéllthere,as in other places, when he thought that. 
his men were careleffé, & reprehended fuch as were 
flacke.’ Andas well for this caufe,as inregard of doing | 
their dutie, when ‘the alarme ‘was giuen, every one 
foughtto be the firft that fhould anfwere. They ftaied 
in’  Aatiamque three moneths with great plentie of Three mo- 
Maiz, French beanes, Walnuts, Prunes, and Conies : in eee 
which vntill that time they knew’ not:how to catch. 
And in Autiamgue the Indians taught them how to 
take them: which was, with great {prindges, which 
lifted vp their feete from the ground: And thefnare 
was made with a ftrong ftring, whereunto was fafte- 
nedaknot ofacane,which ran clofe about the neck of 
the conic, becaufe they fhould not gnaw the ftring. 
They tooke many in the fields of Maiz, efpeciallic 
when it freefed or fhowed. The Chriftians ftaied eee 
thereone whole moneth foinclofed with fnow, that A moneth of 
they went notout of the towne: and when they wan- Foie 
ted firewood,the Gouernour with his horfemen go- 
ing and comming many times to the wood, which :~ 
was two croflebow fhot from the towme,madea path- _ 
. way,whereby the footemen wentfor wood. In this. 
~~ meane fpace, fome Indians which went loofe, killed 
many conies with their giues,and with arrowes. T hefe 
conies were of two forts, fome were like thofe of Conies of two 
Spaine, andthe other of the fame colourand fathion, 


; Q_3 : and. 


“nS Thedifeouerie of Florids, 


/ 


Cie XX VIIL aA, 


and from thencete Guacoya. . 


thew} BF 


ore, 
ry Ss 

= 60 
OOD es 
st 


é Pon Monday the fixt of: March 15425 
wi f4, the Gouernour departed from Aa- 
iy igi]. Haman to feeke Neleo,which the In« 
9 fea dians laid was. neere the Great riner, 

Sai Jy, With determination to come tothe 


‘eee. 
* 


ieee Aed 4) Sea, and procure fome fuccour of 
men and horfes: for hee had now but three hundred 


men of warre,. and.fortie horfes, and fome of them. 


+ fs 


lame, which did nothing but helpe.to.make vp:the - 
number : and for want of iron they. had goneaboue a 


yeere vnthod : and becaufethey were vied to it inthe 

Thedeathof plaine countrie,it did then no.greatharme, John Ortiz, 
anithegrea “ed in dutiamque, which gricued the Gouernor very 
mifleofhin much: becaufe. thar without.an Interpretour-hee fea- 
being theirins red to enter farreinto the land, where he mightbe loft, 
meres From thence forward a youth that. was:taken in, Cuté. 
-fachiqui did {erue-for Intespretour, whielyhad by that. 
time learned fomewhar of the Chriftians language. 
The death of John Ortiz was {0 greata mifchiefe forthe 
difcouering inward, or going out of the land, that to. 
carne of the Indians, that which: in foure words. hee 
declared, they needed a whole day with the youth +, 
and moft commonly hee vnderftood quite-contrarie 
that which was asked him : whereby it often happe-. 
_ ned that the way that they went one day, and fome- 


times two or three. daics, they turned backe, and went 
| Le} aftray 


and as big as great Hares, longer, and hauing greater: 


ae 


How the Goncrnour went from Autiamque to Nilco,. 


uM ‘ 
af » a " 
Se a ee ne re Ne 


y 
~ 


_——— ee eee 


ee 


— derneffe,and a countrie fo low,and fo full of lakes and 


next adtoyning toUirginia. 119 
aftray through the wood here and there. The Gouer- 
nour fpentten daies in travelling from Aatiamque toa 


-prouince called WAyays 3; and came to a towne that Ayays. 


ftood neere the Riuer that paffeth by Cayasand U4a- “84 
tiamague. There hee commanded a barge to be made, 
wherewith he pafled the Riuer. When he had paffed 

the River there fell out fuch weather, that foure daics Great how a 
he could not traucll for fnow. Affoone as it gaue ouer bour the 
{nowing,he went three daies iourney through a Wil. oe 
euill waies, that hee travelled onetime a whole day in 

water, fometimes knee deepe, fometimes to the ftir- 

rup,and fomtimesthey-{wamme. He cametoatowne 
called Tiwtelpinco,abandoned,and without Maiz:there Ttelpince. 
paffed by italake,that entred into the riuer,which car- A great lake. 
rieda great ftreameand force of water.Fiue Chriftians » 

pafling oueritin’a petiagua, which the Gouernour 

had fent with a -Captaine, the periagua ouerfet :fome 

tadke hold on it; fome’on the trees that’ were in the 


lake. One Francis Sebaftian,an honeftmanof Villa noua 


de-Barca Rota, was drowned there. The Gouernour 
wentawhole day along-the lake feeking paflage, and 
could finde none, nor any waythatdid pafie to the o- 


 therfide. Comming againeat night tothe towne hee 


found two peaceable Tridians, Which fhewed him the 
paflage, and»which way hee.was to goe. THere they 
mae of cancs and of the timber of houfes thatched Ra tswhere- 
Pi pagy cele” Tate TE ae, ve _ with they paf- 
with canes,rafes wherewith they paffedthe lake. They eq melake, 
trauelled three daies,and came toatowne of the terri- ~ 
totie of Nz/co; called Tianto.. There they tooke thirtie Tiante. 
Indians, and among them two principall men of this’ 
towne. The Gouernour fenta Captaine with horfe- 
menand footmen before to Wilco, becaufe the Indians 
yaisslog might 


@ 


Three or 
foure great 
COW MES, 


March 29 
Nilco. 


Verie great 
townes. 


The bet 
Countrieof — 
Florida. 


Marterns 
skinnes. 

A cordon of 
' petles, 


‘20 Thedifconerie of Florida, 


might haue no time to carrie away the prouifion. They 
pafled through three or foure great townes; and inthe 
towne where the Cacique was refident, which was 
two leagues from.the place where the Gouernour:re- 
mained, they found many Indians with their bowes 
and arrowes, in manner as though they would haue 
ftaied to fght,which did compafic the townie; and af 


-foone as they faw the Chriftians come neere them 
without mifdoubting them, they fer the Caciques. 


houfe on fire,and fled ouer a lake that pafled neere the 
towne, through which the horfes could not paffe. 


_ The next day being Wednefday the 29. of Marchthe 


Gouernour cameto Nilo: he lodged with all his men 


_ in the Caciques towne, which ftood ina plaine field, 


which was inhabited for the {pace of a quarterof a 


league: and within a league and halfe a leagne were 


other very great townes, wherein was great ftore.of 
Maiz,of French beanes,ot Walnuts,and Prunes. This 
wasthe beft inhabited countrie, that was feene in Figs 
vida,and had moft ftore of Maiz, except Coca,and Apa- 
lache. There came to the campe an Iadian accompa- 
nied with others, aad in the Caciques narne gaue the 
Gouernoura mantle of Marterns skinnes, andacor= 


don of perles. The Gouernour gaue him a few {mall 


Margarites, which aretertaine beades much efteemed 


in Peru, agd other things, wherewith he was very well 
- contented. He promifed to returne within two daies, 
*» but neuer came againe : but on the contrarie the In- 


dians came by night in canoes, and carried away all 


the Maiz they could, and made them cabins on the 


other fide of the Riverin the thickeftof the wood,be- 
caufethey might flee if wee fhould goe to feéke them: 


The Gouernour, feciog hee came not:atthe timeaps 


ae | pointed, 


a TE Le ae ee ag Me ee ne ee 


‘ 
~~ " 
EN pet etl 


\ : 
ae ee ee 


—_ 


b, ‘ ’ 
Se Ee ae eS ee eR LS a 


next adioyning to Virginia. Lt 
pointed; commanded arratnbuth to be laid about cer- 
taine ftore-houfes neere the lakes whither the Indians 
came for Maiz: where they tooke two Indians, who 
told the Gonernour,that hee which came to vilit him, 
was notthe Cacique, but was fent by him vnder pre- 
tence to {pie whether the Chriftians were carelefle, 
and whether they determined to fettle in thatcountry 
or to goe forward. Prefently the Goucrnour fent a 
Captaine with footmenand horfemen ouer the river ; 
and in their paflage they were defcried of the Indians, 
and therefore -he could take but tenne or twelue men 
and women, with whom hee returned to the campe. 
This Riuer which pafled by Né/co,was that which pal- a Riverfal- 
fed by Cayas and Autiamque,and fell into Rie grande,or ling into Rio 
the Great Riuer,which pafled by Pachaha and Aquixo cranes 
neerevnto the prouince of Guachoya: and the Lord 
thereof came vp the Riuer in canoes to make warre 
with him of Ni/co.On his behalf there came an Indian | 
tothe Gouernour and faid vnto him, That he was his 
‘feruant,and prayed him foto hold him, and that with- 
in two daies hee would come to kiffe his Lordfhips 
hands : andat the time appointed he came with fome 
of his principal Indians, which accompanied him,and 
with words of great offers and courtefie hee gaue the 
Gouernour a prefent of marly Mantles and Deeres 
skinnes. The Gouernour gaue him fome other things 
in recompentfe, and honoured him much. Hee asked 
him what townes there were downe the River? Hee 
an{wered that he knew none other but hisowne : and 
on the other fide of the Rivera prouince of a Cacique 
called Quigalta, So heetooke his leaue of the Gouer- 
-nourand wentto his owne towne. Within few.daics — - 
the Goucrnour determined to, goe to Guacheya , to 
ve ee es ee icarne 


~ 


2  Thedifcouerieof Florida, 
learne there whether the Sea were neere, or whether 
there were any habitation neere, where: hee might re: 
licue his companie, while the brigantines were ma: 
king, which he meantto fend tothe land of the Chri- 
ftians. Ashe paffed the Riuer of Niko, there came in 
canoes Indians of Guachaya vp the ftreame, and when 
they faw him,f{uppofing that hecame to feekethemto 


doe them fome hurt, they returned downe the Riuer, _ 


and informed the Cacique thereof: who with all his. 


people, fpoiling the towne of all thattheycouldcarrie © 


away, pafled that night ouer to the other fide of Rio. 

grande,or the great River. The Gouernour fenta Cap- 

taine with fiftic men in fixe canoes downe the Riuer, 

- and went himfelfe by land with the reft: heecame to. 

Guachoya.  Guachoyavpon Sunday the 17.0f Apzill : he lodged in 

the towne of the Cacique, which was inclofed about, 

and {eated a croflebow fhot diftant from the Riuer.. 

Fourenames Here the Riuer is called Tamalifeu,and in NilcoT apatu, 
of Rio grande: and in Coca Mico,and in the port or mouth Ri. 


Cc HAP, XX IX. 

Ofthe meffage which the Gouernour fent to Quigalta, 
and of the anfwere which he returned: and of the 
things which happened in thistime. | 
eer oases S foone as the Gouernour came to: 

es Set! Guachoya, hee {ent ohn Danufco with 

4 2\)| asmany men as couldgoe in the ca- 

4, WS) noes vp the River. For when they: 
e724, | came downe from Ni/co,they faw on. 
<4) the other fide the River new.cabins- 


— 


“ eat 
pigea Ween E 5 remem eas 3 Bich eal ie 2 ciktech 


ee Pe Re Ng te 


ee ae 


= eagclions 
SS a ae 


ont 


Pad ee a Lay 


/ 
, : 7 o 
eels M eau, ie ts es vs " iid inal 
a ee aoe Cr i ee. Oe i age ae 


ot 


next adioyningtoUirginia. 123 


loaues made of the fubftance of prunes. That day came many toauee 
an Indian to the Gouernor from ithe Cacique of Gaa- made of 


choya; and faid, that his Lord would come the nex 
day. Thenext day they {aw many canoes come vp the 
Riuer, and on the other fide of the great River,they © 
affembled together in the {pace of an houre: they con- 
faulted whetherthey fhould come ornot; &at length 
“concluded to come,and croffed the River. In thé came 
the Cacique of Guachoya, and brought with him ma- 
nie Indians with great ftore of Fifh, Dogges, Deeres 
skinnes, and Mantles: And affoone as they landed, 
they wentto the lodging of the Gouernour, and pre- 
fented him their gifts, and the Cacique vttered thele 
words: | 
Mightie and excellent Lord, 1 befeech your Loradlbip to 
pardon mee the errour which leommitted in abfenting my 
felfe,and not tarrying in this towne to haue receiued and fer- 
ned your Lordjhip-fince,to obtaine this opportunitie of time, 
was,and is as much as a great victorie to me. Butt feared 
that,which Ineeded not to hane feared,and fo did that which 
was not reafontodo : But as haste maketh waste,and lremo- 
ned without deliberation; {0,as foone as I thought on it, I 
determined not to follow the opinion of the fooli{h,which ts, to 
continue in their errotr; but to imitate the wifeand difcrect, 
in changing my counfell, and fo I came to fee what your Lord- 
hip willcommand me to doe,that I may ferue you in all things 
that are in my power. | | 
The Gouernour received him with much ioy, and 
gaue him thankes for his prefent and offer. He alked 
him, whether hee had any notice of the Sea. Heean- 
fivered, no, nor of any townes-downe the Riuer on 
that fide; fauethat two leagues from thence was one 
towne ofa principal Indian a — ofhis; and . 
| \ 2 the 


t Prunes. 


124.  Lbhedifcouerieof Florida, 
the other fide of the Riuer, three daies iourney from 
- . thence downe the Riuer, was the Prouince iof Qai-- 
- galta, which was the greateft Lord that was‘im that 
Countrie. The Gouernour thought that the Cacique 
lied vnto him,torid him out of his ownetownes, and 
{ent ohn Danufcowith eight horfemen downe the Ri- 
‘uer,to fee what habitation therelwas,and to informe 


himfelte, ifthere were any notice of the Sea. Hee tra- 


uelled eight daies,and at his returne hee faid,that in-all 

that time he was notable to go aboue 14 or 15 leagues, 

-becaufe of the great creekes that came outofthe Riz 

ucr,and groues of canes, and thicke woods that were 

along the bancks of the Riuer,and thathee had found 

no habitation. The Gouernour fell into great dumps 

‘to feehow hard it was to getto the Sea:. and worfe,be- 

caufe his men and horfes enery day diminifhed, being 

- without fuccourto fuftaine themfelues in the country: 

The Goutt- and with thacthoughthe fell fick. Butbefore he tooke 
norfalleth fick | - | ARY : re 2 

ofthough, his bed hee fentan Indian tothe Cacique of Quicatta 

‘to tell him, that hee was the Childe of the Sunnejand 

‘thatall the way that hee cameallmen obeyed and fer- 

ued him, that he requefted him:toaccept of his friend- 

‘thip,and come vnto him; forhe would be very glad to 

feehims andin figne ot loueiand obedience to bring 

fomething with him of that which in his countrie was 

‘mott efteemed. The Cacique anfwered by the fame 

Indian: IESG TALEND ANS 
°° That whereas he faid he was the Child of the Sunne, if he 


A mot wictie 


andftouran. W0Hld drie up the Riuer be would beleeue hime : and touching 
fwere ofthe the vefl,that hee was wont to-vifit none. but rather that all” 
Gute: ‘thofe of whom he had notice did vifit him feruedobeyed and 
ae paid bite tributes willingly or perforce » therefore if hee defi- 
ved to fee him, it were beft hefhould come thither « tharif hee 
no hy aes CAME 


sins retames’ 
ee re oN 


a ee ee 


Se ae ee ee 


a ee ee 


, 
, 


i i ee 


next adioyningtoUirginia. = 125 
camein peace, he would veceine him with fpectall good will, 
and if in warre,in like manner hee would attend bimin the 
towne where he was,and that for him or any other hee would 
not forinke one foote backe. . 

By that timethe Indian returned with thisan{were, 
the Gouernour had betaken himfelte to bed, being 
evill handled with feuers, and was much aggricued, 
that he was not in cafe to paffe prefently the Riuerand 

‘tofeeke him, to feeif he could abate that pride of his, 
confidering the Riuer went now very ftrongly in thofe 
parts ; for it was neere halfealeague broad,and 16. fa- 
thomes deep, and very furious, and ranne witha great 
current; and on both fides there were many Indians, 
and his power was not now fo great, but that hee had 

need tohelpe himfelfe rather by flights then by force. 

‘TheIndians of Guachoya came cuery day with fith in 
{uch numbers, that the towne was fullofthem. The 
Caciquefaid, that on a certaine night hee of Quigalte 
wauld come to giue battell to the Gouernour. Which 
the Gouernourimagined that he had deuifed,to driue 
him outof his countrey, and commanded him to bee 
putin hold ; and that night and all the reft, there was 
good watch kept. Hee asked him wherefore Quigalta 
came not? He faid that hee came,but that he faw him 
prepared,and therfore durft not giue the attempt: and 
hee was earneft with him to fendhis Captaines ouer 
the Riuer,andthat he would aide him with many men 
to fet vpon Quiealta: The Gouernour told him that 
affoone as he was recouered, himfelfe would feeke him 
out. And feeing how many Indians came daily to the 
towne,and what ftore of people was in that countrie, 
fearing they (houldal confpire together and plotfome 

treafonagainft him and becaufe the towne had fome 
Oo : RG open 


- Fiue or fixe 


open gaps which were not made anend of inclofing, 
befides the gates which they went in and. out by: be- 
caufethe Indians fhould not thinke he fearedthem, 
helet them allalone vnrepaired; and commanded the 
horfemen to be appointed to them, and to the gates: 
and all night the horfemen went the round 3 and two 


26 — Thedsfcouerieof Florida, 


and two of euery {quadron rode about, and vifitedthe 


skouts that were without thetowne in their ftandings 


by the paffages, and the croffebowmen thatkept the _ 


canoes inthe Riuer. And becaufe the Indians fhould 
ftand in feare of them, hee determined to fend a-Cap- 
taine to Nilco,forthofe of Guachoya had told him that 
it was inhabited ; that by vfing them cruelly, neither 
the one nor the other fhould prefiime to affailehim $ 


and hee fent Nunnez de T ouar with fifteene horfemen, | 


and John de GuXman Captaine of the footmen with his 
companie in canoes vp the Riuer. The Cacique.of 
Guachoya fent for many canoes and many warlike In- 
dians to goe with the Chriftians: andthe Captaineof 


the Chriftians.called Nunnez de Tonar,went by land 


with his horfemen,and two leagues before he cameto 
Nilcohee ftaied for lohn de GuXman, and in that place 
they pafled the Riuer by night : the horfemen came 
firft, and in the morning by breake of day in fight of 
the towne they lighted vpona fpie; which affoone as 
he perceiued the Chriftians, crying out amainefledto 


the towne to giue warning. Nunez deTonar and bis 


comparie made fuch {peed, that before the Indians of 
the towne could fully come out,they werevpon them: 
it was champion ground that was inhabited, which 
was about a quarterofa league. There were about fiue 


thoufand peo- OF fixe thoufand people in the towne: and,as many 


plein Nilco. people came out of the houfes, & fled from one houfe 
) : Wee to 


next adioyningtoUirginia. 127 
to another,and many Indians came flocking together 
__ fromall parts,there was neuer a horfeman that was not 
aloneamong many. The Captaine had commanded 
that they fhouldnorfparethe life ofany male. Their 
diforder was fogreat, that there was no Indian that 
 fhotan arrow atany Chriftian. The fhreekes. of wo- 
men and children were fo great,.that they made the 
eares deafe of thofe that followedthem. There were 
flainean hundred Indians, little more or lefle: and ma- 
ny were wounded with great wounds, whom they 
fuffered to efcape to ftrikea terror in the reft that were 
notthere. There were fome fo cruell and butcherlike, 
that they killed old and young, and all thatthey met, 
_ though they made norefiftance: and thofe which pre- 
. fumed of themfelues for theirvalour, and were taken 
- for Such, brake through the Indians, bearing downe 
many with their ftirrops and brefts of their horfes; and 
fome they wounded with their lances,and fo let them 
goe: and when they faw any: youth or woman they 
tooke them,and deliuered them to the footmen. Thefe 
mens finnes by Gods permiffion lighted on their own. 
heads:who,becaufe they would feeme valiant,became«e 
cruell; fhewing themfelues extreme cowards in thece. 
fight of all men, when as moft neede of valour was re-«. 
quired,and * afterward they came toa fhameful death. * chap.37... 
Ofthe Indians of Né/cewere taken prifoners, foure- 
fcore women and children, and much fpoile. The In-. 
dians of Grachoya kept back before they came at the 
towne, and ftaied without,beholding the fucceffe of 
the Chriftians with the menof Né/co. And when they 
-~fawthem put to flight, andthe horfemen bufie in kil-- 
| fingofthem, they haftened tothe houfestorob, and 
filled their canoes with the fpoile of the goodss.and a eee 
| | turned: 


28 TLhedsfconerie of Florida, 
turned. to Geachoya before the Chriftians ; and won- 
dring: much at, the fharpe dealing which théy ‘had 
feene them vie toward the Indians of Nélco, they told 
their Cacique all that had pafled with great aftonifh- 
— Ment. | Bimst ihe SHIOLD 


re 
* 


ihe Qos Yours ‘Craps XXX anibla . ib Ao 
Of the death of the Adelantado Fernando de Soto: 
And bow Luys Mofcofo de Aluarado was elected 
Gouernour tn bis flead. nie bebruspe sion tei 


ee 


ome He Gouernour felt in himfelfe that 
RQ8o% the houreapproched, wherein hee 
WA was to leaue this prefent life, and 
roses) Called for the Kings officers, Cap- 
@£48) taines and principall perfons, to 
} whom he madea {peech,faying : 


x 
4 % 
A rs g cor 


ab: 


of 


comfort: andthe danger wherein all his people were 


chine Soto I 
Set Bg Sa 


next adioyning to Virginia. 129 
dinifion,which vpon his death might fall out upon thechoice 
of his fucce(fourperequefted them toclect a principal perfor, 
and able to. gouerne, of whom all fhould like well; and when 


be waseleéted,they [ould fiveare before him to obey hims:and 


shat hewould thanke them very much info doing ; becanfe 
the griefeshat he had,would fomemhat be alfwaged, and the 
paine that he felt,becaufe he left them in fo great confufion,to 
wit,in leauing them ina firange Countrie, where they knew 
not wheretheywere. 

Baltafar de Gallegos anfwered inthe name ofall the 
reft: And firft of all comforting him, he fet before his 
eies how fhortthe life of this world was,and with how 
many troubles and miferies it is accompanied, and 
how God fhewed hima fingular fauor which fooneft 
leftir:telling him many other thiogsfit for fucha time. 
And forthe lait point, that fince it pleafed God to take 


him to himfelfe, although his death didtuftly grieve 


them much,yetas wel he,asal the reft, ought of necef- 
fitieto conforme themfelues to the willof God. And 
touching the Gouernour which he commanded they 
fhould eleét,he befought him, thatit would pleafe his 
Lordfhip to name him which he thought fit, and him 
they would obey. And:prefently he named Lays de 
‘Mofcofede Aluarado his Captaine generall. And pre- 
fend he was fworneby allthat were prefent and cle- 


Ged for Gouernour. The next day,being the 21. of The death of 


May, 1542. departed out of this life, the valorous, vir- 


tudus,and valiant Captaine,Dom Fernando de Soto,Go- the 21.0f May, 
uernour of Cuba, and Adelantado of Florida : whom 1547 # Gua- 


fortune aduanced, as it vfeth to.doe others, that hee 
might have the higher fal.He departed in fuch a place, 
andatfuchatime, as inhis fickneffe he had but little 


of 


gai mics 


RA TL) elas Pre 
aati Pact Si Serer) te METS 
at es es TE enh ee NE 
3 i a ss 


A wittie ftra- 
Tapeme 


what might:bee, ‘And pafling by theplace where hee 


e | The Aifeomenie of Florida, 3 


- 5 OR 


fpake oneto another. Lays de -Moféofovnderftanding 


yi Daa a 


of perifhing in that Countrie, which appeared before 
their eies,was caufe fufficient, why euery'o neof them 
had need of comfort, and why they didnot vifit nor 
accompanie him asthey oughtto hauedone. Lays de 
AMofcofo determined to conceale his death fromthe In- 
dians; becaule Ferdinando de Soto had made'them be- 
leeue, That.the Chriftians were immortal! ad alfa 
becaufe they tooke him to behardie,wile,and valiant : 
andif they fhould know thathe was dead, they would 
bee bold tofetvpon the Chriftia ns;though they lied. 
peaceablic by them. Inregard oftheir difpofitionjatid 
becaule they were nothing conftantjand: yeleeued all 
that was tolde them, the: Adelantado made them be: 
lecue,that he knew-fome things that pafled infecreta- 
mong themfelues; withouctheir knowledge, how, of 
in what manner hecame by them: and that the figure 
which appeared ina glafle, which he fhewedthem,did 
tell him whatloeuer they practifed and went about? 
and therefore neither in word nor deed durft they at- 
tempt any thing that might bee preiudiciall ynto 
hihuinsig blsow iinliwirldacals 7 
« Affoone as he was dead, Luis de Mofeb(o commanded 
to puthim fecretly in an honfe; where hee remained 
three daies! and remoouing him from thence, com- 
manded him to bee buriedin thenight at one ofthe 
gates of the towne within the wall. And as the Indians 
had feene him fick,and miffed him, fo did they fufpec 


‘ ; 
- a eee ee cit 
OS i eae Ear tin at ie tk Se Pg .T 


was buried, feeing the earth mooued,they looked'and — 


of it,commanded himtobd takentp by ni ght, and to 
cafta great deale of {and into thre miantles, wherein ‘he ~ 
was winded vp, wherein hee was cartiéd in a canoe, 

ae oe — and 


= 


next adioymng to Vivo 13 
and throwne into the middeft ofthe River, The Ca- 
cique of Guachoya inquired forhim,: demanding what 
was become of his brother and Lotdjthe Gouernour: 
Laysde cMofcofotold him,that hee was gon toheduen, 
asmany other times hee did : and becaufe hee was to 
{tay there certaine daies, hee had left him in his place. 
The Cacique thought with himf elfethat he was deads 
and\comanded two young and well proportioned In- 
dians to be brought thither ; and faid,that ¥ vfe ofthat ,, . ae 
Countrie was; when any Lord died,to kill Indians to the cuftome 
wait vpon him, and ferue him by the way : and for of theold Tar- 
that purpofe by his commandement were thofe come “"* 
thither : and prayed Lays de Mofcofo to command 
them tobe beheaded,that they might attend and ferue 
his Lordand brother, . Lays de Mofcofa told: him, that 
the Gouernour was not dead,but gone to heatien,and 
that of his owne Chriftian fouldiers,he had taken fuch 
as he needed to ferue him, & praicd him to command 
thofe Indians to be loofed, and not to vf any fuch bad 
cuftome from, thencefoorth:: ftraightway hee com- 
mandéd thenrto be loofed; and-to get them home 
to their honfes. And one of them would notgoc; 
faying, that hee would not ferue him, that without 
defert-had-iudged him to death, but that hee would 
gals hint as: long as hee'lited,:which had faued his 
lifes. ely mr; SY LIN aed tee ere PN Pre EA ney of ey 


 denys de Mofcofe caufed all the goods of the Gonernor 

to be fold atan outcrie: to wit,two.men flaues, & two 

women dlavésarid threehdrfesyand-7oohogeges.: For acs haba | 
7 . Ky Ne ee beg e gates sh oy fi red hogges. i 
cuery flaue orhorfe, they gave twoor three thoufand ; : 
ducats s which'were to be paied atthe firft melting of 
gold orfiluerjoratthe diuifion of their portion of in- 
heritance, And they entred into bonds,though in’ the 
ghyiiee 7 Sz ‘Countrie 


12 T beds[couerie of Florida, 
Countrie there was not wherewith, to pay it within a - 
-yeere after,and put in furetics forthe fame. Suchasin 
Spaine had no goods to bind, gaue two hundred du- 
cats for an hog, giuing affurance after:the fame maner. 

Thofe which had any goods in Spaine, bought with 
more feare, and boughtthe leffe.: From that time for- 
ward moft of the companie had fwine,,andbrought 

them vp,and fed vponthem; and obferued Fridaies. 
and Saturdaies, and the evenings of feafts, which be- 
fore they didnot. For fometimes intwo or three mo- 
I neths they did eate no flefh, and whenfoeuer: they 
| couldcome by it,they did eateit.. © 0 can) 


, Cans XXX: | de Lop sneez : 
How the Gouernour Luys de Mofcofo departed from: 
_ Guachoya,and wentto Chaguate; andfromshence 


toAguacay. 


PAW ky eee, O me were glad of the death of Dos 

oH Ke Meh | Ferdinando de Soto, holding forcer- 

YReral taine,that Lays de Mofcofo (which: 

¥-e! was giuentohiseafe) wouldrather 
#1 defiretobeamong the Chriftiansat 

4; reft,thento continue the labours of - 


ate, 
Le 


nextadtoyningto Uirginia. 133 


Ee defired themall, that euerie one would giuchiso- 
pinion in writing, & fet his hand to it: thatthey might 
refolue by general confent, whether they fhould goe 
downe the Riuer;. orenter into the maine land. All 
were of opinion, thatit was beft to go bylandtoward Thcirgeneral 
che Welt, becaule Nuena Efpanna was that way; hol- cai 
ding the voyage by:fea more dangerous, and of grea- land Welt 
ter hazard, becaufe they could make no fhip.of any "4 
ftrength toabideaftorme,neither had they Mafter,nor 
Pilot, Compaffe,nor Chart, neither knew they how | 
farre the fea was off, nor had any notice of it; nor whe- 
ther the River did make any grcat turning into the 
land,or had any great fall fromthe rocks, where all of 
them might be caftaway. And {ome which had feene 
the fea-chart,did find, that from the place where they 
_ werebythefea coaftto a EMR bee 400. 
leagues, little more or lefle ; and faid, that though they 
went fomewhat about by land in feeking apeopled 
Countrie,iffome great wilderneffe which the could: 
not paffe did not hinder thé, by {pending that fommer 
in travell,finding prouifion to paffe the winter in fome _ 
peopled Countrie, that the next fommer after they 
might come to fome Chriftian land, and that it might: 
§ortunein their trauel by landto find fome rich Coun- 
trie, where they might: doe themfelues: good. The 
Gouernour, although he defired to get outol Florida: 
in{hortertime, feeing the inconueniences they laid 
before him,in trauelling by fea, determined to follow 
that which feemed good tothem all. On Monday the The fifth of 
_ fifth of lune, he departed from Guachoya: The Caci- n° 
que gauc hima guideto Chagnate, and ftaied at home caratie.: 
in his ownetowne:. They paffed through 2 Prouince. 
galled Caraltez-and having paffed a wildernefie of fixe 
Sige - 33: daies’, 


34 Lhe difconerie of Florida, 


Chaguate, 


daics tournie,the twentieth day of } moneth hecame 
to Chaguate. The Cacique of this Prouince had vifi- 
tedthe Goucrnour Don Ferdinando de Soto at Autiam: 
que, whitherhe brought him prefents ofskinnes;and 
mantles andfalt. Anda day before Luys de —Mofcofa 
came to his towne, weloft'a Chriftian that was ficke : 
which hee fufpected that the Indians had flaine.. Hee 


ent the Cacique word, thathe thould conimand his 


people to fecke hima vp, and fend him vnto him, and 
that he would hold him,as he did,for his friend : and 
if he did not,that neither he,nor his,(hould efcape his 
hands, and that hee would fet his: Countrie-on fire: 
Prefently the Cacique came vnto him,and brought a 
great prefent of mantles and skinnes, and the Chrifti- 
an that was loft,and made this {péech following: |» 

Right excellent Lovd, I wonld not Acferue that conceit 
which you had of me, for allthe treafure of theworld. What 
inforced meto goe to vifit and ferue the excellent Lord Go« 
uernour you father in Autiamque, which you fhonld haue 
remeusbred, where Laffered ny felfe with all loyaltie, faith 
ana love, during my life to ferueand obey hime? Whatthen 
could be the caufed hauing receiued fanours of him, and net= 
ther you nor be haning done me any wrong, that fhould nooue 
ene to doe the thing, which L ought not? Beleene this of mes 
that neither wroue; mor Any worldly: intere/t, was able to 
vieake mae tohaue donethnor foallbeableto blind mes Batas 
ia this lifeit isa naturall cour{e,that after one pleafure, many 
Sorrowes doe follow : fa by your indignation, fortune would 


Moderate the joy, which my beartconctineth withyour pres 
fences and that.' fhaalderre, where I thought furefito haus 
., bit the marke s in harboring this Chriftian which was loft, 


andufing hin in fuch manneras he may tell himfelfe, thin- 
hing that herein I did yon feruice, with purpofeto deliner him 


Vito 


= 


“next adigyningtoUirginia. = 135 
onto youin Chaguate, and toferue you tothe vttermoft of 
my pomer. If Ldeferuepunifoment for this, Twill veceie it 
atyour hands, as from my Lord, asifitwereafauour. For 
the loue which I did beare to the excellent Gouernour, and 
which I beare to you hath uo limit. _And like as yougine 
me chafifenent;forwill you alfa fhew me fanour.' And that 
which now lL crane of you is this,to declare your will unto me, 
andshofethings, wherein I may bee abletodoe you the mojt 
and beft feruice.  \ SPY ASS ai 
.. The Gouernour anfwered him, thatbecaufehe did 
not findhiminthattowne, hee was incenfed againit 
him,thinking he had abfented himfelfe, as others had 
done: But feeing he now knew his loyaltie and loue, 
~ hewould alwaies hold himasabrother, and favour 
him in all his affaires. The Cacique went with him to 
the towne where he refided,which was a daics iournte A {mal towne. 
from thence. They paffed through a fmal town, where 
there was alake,where the Indians made falt: andthe co iadeot : 
Chriftians made fome one day while they: refted fait (prings of 
there, of a brackifh water, which {prang neere the" 
towne in ponds like fountaines. The Gouernour ftai- 
ed in Chaguate fixe daies. There he was informed of 
the habitation that was toward the Weft. Theytold 
him, that three daies iournie from thence was aPro- 
uince called Aguacay. The day thathe departed from an 
Chaguate, aChriftian,called Franci(co de Guzman, the or64 
bafe fonne ofa Gentleman of Simll,{taied behind, and - 
went tothe Indians, with an Indian woman which he 
keptas his concubine, for feare he fhouldbe punifhed 
for gaming debts, that he didowe. The Gouernor had 
travelled two daies before he miffed him ; hee fent the 
Cacique word to feeke him vp, and to fend him to 4 
guacay, whither he trauelled : which hee did not pete 


forme: 


36 TLhedifconerie of Florida, | 
forme. Fromthe Cacique of ¢gmacay, before they 

came into the Countrie, there met him on the way 15. 

Indians witha prefent of skinnes, fifh and rofted veni- 

fon. The Gouernour came to his towneon Wednef. 

Aguacay. — day,the fourth of Iulie. He found the towne without 
people,and lodged in it: he ftaied there abouta day ; 
during which, hemadefome roades, and tooke many 
menandwomen. There they had knowledge of the 


Knowledge of 


she SouthSea, South Sea. Here there was great {tore of faltmade of 
fand,which they gather ina vaine of ground like pee- 


Me ofSalt ble ftones.: And it was made as they make fal in 
mea Co e 


Cayas. ! | 
re Cuarp. XXXII. 4 
How the Gouernour went from Aguacay to Naguatex, 
and what happened unto him, 


=2,7| He fame day that the Gouernourde- 
{| parted from cA eaacay helodged in 
et) afmall towne {ubicé to the Lordof — 
| that prouince. The Campe pitched 

hard by alake of fale water; and that 
eee evening they madefome {alt there. 
Saltemade Lhe day following hee lodged betweene two moun- 
here. taines ina thinne groue of wood. The next day hee 
Pato, came toa fimall towne called Pato, The fourth day af- 
_terhis departure from Agwacayhe came to the firft ha. 

 Amaye. bitation ofa prouince called Amaye. Therean Indian 
wastaken, which faid that from thence to Naguatex 
was a day anda halfes iourney; whichtheytrauelled, 

finding allthe way inhabited places.Hauing pafledthe 

lulicze, “peopled countrie of Amsaye,on Saturday the20.0flu- 
lie they pitched theit Campeat noonebetweenece- 
. : maye ae 


A fmal towne. [3 


NEED AEE] 


+: 


ES we Ra 


next adtoyning to Virginia. 137 
mayeand Naguatex along the corner of a groucofvery 
faire trees. In the fame place certaine Indians were 
difcouered,which caineto view them. The horfemen 
wentout to them,and killed fix,andtooke two;whom 

the Gouernour asked, wherefore they came? They 
faid, to know what people hee had, and what order 
they kept; and that the Cacique of Naguatex their 
Lord had fentthem, and that he, with other Caciques 
which came toaide him, determined. that day to bid 
him battell. While they wereoceupicd in thele que- 
ftions and anfweres, there came many Indians by 
two waies in two fquadrons : and when they faw they 
were defcried, giuing a great crie they aflaulted the 
(Chriftians eachiquadron by it felfe; but feeing what 
_refiftance the Chriftians made them,they turned their 
backes and betooke themfelues to flight, in which ma- 
ny of them loft their liuess and moft of the horfemen 
following them in chafe,careleffe of the Camp, other 
two fquadrons of Indians,which layin ambush, {etvp- 
on the Chriftiansthat were in the Campe, which allo 
they refifted,who alfo had their reward as the firft. Af- 
ter.the flight of the Indians,and, that the Chriftians 
were retired,they heard a great noife acroflebow fhot 
from the place where they were. The Gouernour fent 
twelue horfemento fee what it was. They found fixe 
-Chriftians,foure footinen andtwo horfemen, among 
amany Indians; the horfemen defending the footmen 
.with:greatlabour. Thefe being.of them that chafed the 
firt.wofquadrons,had loft themfelues,and comming 
to recouer. the Campe fell among thofe with whom 
_ they were fighting: and fo they,and thofe that came 
to{uccour thé, flew many of the Indians,and brought — 
onealiueto the Campe: whom the Gouernour exa- 
¥ cons T mined, 


Hacanac. 


Napuatex, 


A River. 


Auguit, 


"  Diedilcutiens Fadil, 


i : al POO eC ae aS a eee a ag i Ray ae eee 


mined, who they were that came to bid him battelf, 
He told him, thatthey were the Cacique of Naguatex, 
and of Amaye, and another ofa prouince called Aaca- 
wac,a Lord of great countries and many fubie@s; and 
thatthe Cacique of Nagaatex came for Capraine and ~ 

chiefeft of them all. The Gouernour commanded his 


right arme and nofe tobe cut off, and fent him to the 


Cacique of Nagaatex, charging him to tell him, that 


thenext day hee wouldbee in his countrey to deftroy 


him ; and if hee would withftand his entrance, hee 
fhould ftay for him. That night he lodged there and 
the next day hee came tothe habitation of Naguatex, 
which was very {cattering: he inquired where the Ca- 


‘ciques chiefe towne was ¢ They told him that it was 
on the other fide ofa Riuer, that paffed thereby : hee 


trauelled thitherward, and came vnto it: and on the 
other fide hee faw many Indians, that taried for him, 
making fhew as though they would defend the paf- 
fage. And becaufe hee knew not whether it could bee 
waded , nor where the paflage was; and that fome 
Chriftans and horfes were hurt ; that they might haue- 
tume to recouer,he determined to reft certaine daies in 
the towne where he was. So hee pitched his campe a 
uarter of aleague from the Riuer, becaufe the wea- 
ther was very hot, neere vnto the towne, in a thinne’ 
grouc of very faire and hie trees neere a brookes fide: 
and in that place were certaine Indians taken ; whom. 


‘hee examined, whether the Riuer were wadeableor 
no? They faid,yea,at fome times, and in fome places.. 


Within ten daies after he {ent two Captaines with fi£ 
teene horiemen a peece vpward and downe the Ri- 
uer with Indians to fhew them where they fhould goe 
ouer, to fee what habitation was on the other fide: 


4 ASE ME NY ESN ak i ter aatetn ty Srarecs esa ueI oe am eek eS kt aie soce 
OP itn Rega ees ES Ee in Se aire ave es An Ree 


next adtoyningto‘Uirginia. 39 
And the Indians with{ftood them both,defending the 
paflage ofthe Riuer as farreas they were able,but they 
pafled in defpite of them : and on the other fide of the 7% Pale the 


Riuer they faw great habitation, and great {tore of vi- 
Guals ; and with thefe newes returned to the Camp. 


Cuar. XXXIII. 
“How the Cacique of Naguatex came to vifite the Goner- 
nour: aud how the Gonernour departed from Na- 
guatex and came to Nondacao. 


———— 


—= ; 
OP areay Ree“ Ss 
t * 


| He Gouernour fentan Indian from Nagaa- 
(Ce tex where hee lay, to command the Ca- 
&.¢ cique to come to ferue and obcy him, and 
“on that hee would forgiue him all that was 


paft,and ifhe came not,thathe would feeke him, and 
giue him fuch punifhmentas he had deferued for that 
which he had done againft him. Within two daies the 
Indian returned, & {aid thatthe Cacique would come 
the nextday : which,the fameday when he came,fent 
many Indians before him,among whom there were 
{ome principall men : hee fent them to fee what coun- 
tenance they found inthe Gouernour,to refolue with 
himfelfe whether hee fhould goe or not. The Indians 
let him vnderftand,that he was comming, and went a- 
way prefently : and the Cacique came within two : 
houres accompanied with many of his men: they 
came allin a ranke one before another on both fides, - 
Icauing alan¢ in the middeft where hee came. They 
came wherethe Gouernour was, allofthem weeping 
after the manner of T#//a,which was not fatre from Tula fot far 
as . ° rom Nagua- 
thence toward the Eaft. The Cacique made his due tex, Batward. 
obedience,and this {peech following : 
tiie hore | “it Right 


¥ 


The Riuer Arlee ake: alesis tae pring weN gag oe poate be ee 
growne vnpaf- River he could not paffe, becaule it was growne very 


fable in Au- 
guft.ar Na- 
uarexe 


= difconerie of Florida, 


- Right high and mightie Lord, whom all the world ought. 
£6 ferue and obey, Twas bold to appeare before your Lordfhip, 
hauing committed fo heinous and abominable an att, as only 
for me to hane imagined, deferued to be punifhed ; trusting in 
your greatnes, that although I deferue to obtaine no pardon, 
yet for your owne fake only you will vfe clemencte toward me, 
confidering how {mall lamin comparifon of your Lordfbips 
ana not to think upon my weaknelfes,which, to my eriefe and 
for my zreater good, Lhaneknowne. And I beleeue that you 
and yours areimmortall ; and that your Lordlhip is Lora of 
the land of nature, feeing that youfubdue all things, and they 
obey you,euen the very hearts of men. For when I beheld the 
flaughter and deftruttion of my men in the battel, which, 
through mine ignorase, and the counfell of a brother of mine, 
which died in the [ame,I gaue your basal prefently I ré= 
pented mein my heart of the error, which lhad committed s 
and defired to ferue and obey you : and to this end Icome,. 
that your Lordfhip-may chaftife and command mee as your 
sb: i | Larmynhgiaas 
The Gouernour anfwered him,that he forgaue him: 
all which was pai, that from thenceforth hee fhould 
do his dutie,& that he would holdhim for his friend, 


~ andthat he would favour him in all things. Within 


foure daies hee departed thence, and comming to the 


bigge; which feemed to him a thing of admiration, 


_ being at that time that it was, and fince ithad not rai- 


ned 4 moneth before. “The Indians faid., chat ine 
creafed inany rimes-afterthat manner without raining: 


Coniclures. in al} che countrie. Te was fuppofed;tharit might’ bee 
Merkg the tide that’came intoit. Te was learned that the flood 


came alway from aboue,and that the Indians of all 
that countric had no knowledgeofthe Sea The Go- 
sone aoe: : uemour 


 nextadioyningto Virginia. 14.1. 
uetnour returned vntothe place where hehadlodged 
before: and vnderftanding within eight dates. atter 
thatthe Riuer was pafleable,he departed. He pafled o- 

' werand found the towne without people: he lodged Atowne 
in the field, and {ent the Cacique word to come vnto 
him, and to bring him aguide to goe forwards: And 
fome daies being paft, feeing' the Cacique came not, 
nor fent any bodie, hee fent two Captaines fundrie 
waies to burne the townes, and to take {uch Indians as aes bur- 
they could finde : They burnt great ftore of victuals, Bie 
and took many Indians. The Cacique {eeing the hurt 
that he receined in his countrie,fent fix@principail In- 
dians wich three men for guides, which knew the lan- 

-- guage of the countrie, through which the Gouernour 

was to paffe. Hee departed prefently from Naguatex, 

and within three dates iourney came to a towne of 

foure or fiue houfes, which belonged to the Cacique 

of that prouince,which is called Nsffoone : it was euil] Nifoone. 

inhabited and had little Maiz. Two daies tourney for- 

ward the guides which guided the Gouernour,if they 

were to goe Weltward, guided him to the Eaft; and 

fometimes went vp and downe through very. great 

woods out of the way. The Gouernour commanded 

them to bee hanged vpon a tree: anda woman that 

they tooke in Wi/foone guided him, and went backe 

againe to feeke the way. In two dates he cameto anos 

ther miferable towne,called: Lacave : an Indian was ta* Lacane:. 

kemin‘ that place, tharfaid, that the: countrie of Ronda: yondacao. 

cao was'a countrie of great habitation, and the houfes 
fcattering the one from the other, astlicy vie to bee in 
mountains,and had great ftore of Maiz. The Cacique 

came with hismen weeping, like them of Nagmatex: 

for this is their vieim token of obedience ; hee made" 

unig] et eres _ hime 


Aays. 


A towne, 


142. 

him a prefent of much fith,and offered to doe what he 
would command hin. Heetooke hisleaue, and gaue 
him.a guide tothe prouince of Soacatino. 


The difcouerié of Florida; i 


Cuar. XXXIUL . 
How the Gouernour went from Nondacao to Soacatino 
and Gualco, and palfed through a defert, from. 


whence, for want of a guide,and an interpretour,here. 


turned to Nilco. 


He Gouernour departed from Nou= 
dacao toward Soacatine, andin fiue 


MLLER Sy PP 


a EAS bY a, 
4 ye ey, u 1 
ahi] > 8 ; Ne 
TA ae i$ f- estas He re 
= Wala 
é We 
PAAR, E Nd be Be 
a Oe OS 
‘= Rey 
‘ Ry a | a cs 
S 4 


called days. The Indians which 
inhabited it, had no notice ofthe 


that they entred into their country, 


they affembled themfelues : and as they came toge- 


ther 50. or 100. they came foorth to fight: while fome 


fought, others came and charged our men another’ 


way, and while they followed fome, others followed 
them. The fight lafted the greateft part of the day,till 
they came to theirtowne. Somehorfes and men were 
wounded,butnotto any hurt oftheir trauelling : for 
there was no wound that was dangerous. There was 
a great {poile made ofthe Indians. That day that the 


» | Gouernour departed from thence, the Indian that 
_ guided him faid,that in Nowdacaohe had heard fay;that 


the Indians of Soacatine had {eene other Chriftians; 
whereof they all were very glad : thinking it mightbe 


-true,and thatthey might haue entred into thofe parts 


by Naeua Efpanva, and thatific were {o,it wasin their 
owne hand to goe out of Florida, ifthey found no- 


daies 1ournie came to a Prouince - 


Chriftians: butaffooneas they faw 


thing 


seit chal nat tes airs aiieiahaia tule 
Red cern tata Gi ees emt a hia vae “tia RR Oates 0 AR dante Shey 
4 kenny Meri ata NEE Pr ne hte fe, parents 


next adioyningto‘Utrginia. — 142 
thing of profit : forthey feared they fhould lofethem- 
felues infome wildernes. This Indian led him two 
daies out of the way. The Goucrnour commanded to 

torture him. He faid,that the Cacique of Nezdacao,his 
Lord, had commanded him to guide them fo,becaule 
they were his enemies, and that hee was to doc as his 
Lord commanded him. The Gouernour commanded 
himto be caftto the dogs : andanother guided him 
t0 Soacativo, whither hee came the day following. It Soacatino. 
was averie poore Countrie: there was great want of 
Maizinthat place. Hee asked the Indians, whether 

they knew ofany other Chriftians. They faid, thata 

little from thence toward the South they heard they 

-qwere. Hetrauelled 20. daies through a Countric euill 20. daiestra- 

~~ Gnhabited,where they fuffered great fcarcitie and trou- 4). ome 

ble. For that little Maiz which the Indians had, they : 
had hidden and buried in the woods,where the Chri- 
ftians,after they were well wearied with their trauell, 

atthe end of their iournie went to fecke by digging 

what they fhould eat. Atlaft,comming toa Prouince 

that wascalled Gwa/zo, they found Maiz, wherewith Sa ae 

they loaded their horfes, and the Indians that they rarities 
had. From thence they went to anothertowne calied ftones,and 
Naguifcoca. ‘The Indians faid, they had no notice Bp 

any other Chriftians. The Gouernour commanded Chap.3s. 

 totormentthem.. They faid,that they: came firft toa- Neauileogss 

 - nother Lordfhip, which was called Nacacahoz, and Nacacahozs. 

 fromthencereturnedagain tothe Welt,from whence 

they came, The Gouernour camein two daics to Na- 

cacahoX : Some women were taken there : among 

whom there was one, which faid, that fhe had feene 
Chriftians,and had been taken by them, and had run 

away.-The Gouernourfenta Captaine with 13-horfe- 

, : meni 


aoe eo 


They retur- 
ned to 
‘Guafco, 


. The River of 
Daycao: 
which fee- 
methtobe 
Rio del oro. 


mien to the place where the woman [aid fhe had {eerie ) 


them,to fee if there were any figne of horfes, or any to- 
ken of their being there. After they had gone three or 


foure leagues,the woman that guided them ‘aid, that _ 
allthat fhe had told them was vatrue: And fo they - 
held all the reft that the Indians had faid, of fecing 


Chriftians in the land of Florida, And, becaufe the 
‘Countrie that way was poore of Maiz,and toward the 


Welt,there was nonotice of any habitation, they re- 


turned to Guafco. The Indians told-them there, that 
10. daies iourni¢ from thence towardthe Weft, was a 
Riuercalled Daycaos; whither they wentfometimes a 
hunting and killing of Deere: and that they had {eene 
peopleon the other fide,but knew riot what habitati- 
onwas there. There the Chriftians tooke {uch Maiz 
as they found and could carrie, and,going 10. daies 
iournie through a wilderneffe, they came to theRiuver 
which the Indianshad told themof. Ten horfemen, 
whichthe Gouernour had fentbefore,pafled overthe 
fame, and went ina way that led to the Riuer, and 
lighted vponacompanie of Indians that dwelt in ve- 


ric littlecabins : who,aflooneasthey faw them, tooke 
themfeluesto flight, leaning that whichtheyhadsall 
which was nothing but miferie.and pouertie. The 


Countrie was fo poore, that among them allthere was 
not found halfe a peck of Maiz. The shorfemen 


tooke two Indians, and:returned withthem tothe Ri- 


uer,wherethe Gouernour ftaied forthem. Hefought 
to learne of them what habitation was toward the 
Weft. There was none in the Camp that couldvn- 
derftand theirlanguage. The-Gouernonr affembled 


the Captaines and principall perfons, to determine 


with their advice what they thould doe.And the moft 
| part 


CES 


y ee ee oa rn Sahil 4) tera a 
oar pa teed SEGRE Oe CNA UR Tica sag 3s am 
SERS re dhe Ce WS nine eS Se AS eR URE MeN nC 


next adicyning to‘Uirginia. 145 
part faid, that they thonght it beft to returne backe to 
Rio grande,or the Great River of Guachoya; becaule that 
in Nico and thereabout was {tore of Maiz:faying,that 
they would make pinaces that winter, and the next 
fommer paffe down the Riuer to the feawardinthem, | 
and comming to the Sea they would goe along the 
coaftto Nuena Efpanna. For though it fecmed a doubt- 
full thing and difficult, by that which they had already 
alleaged, yetit was the laftremedie they had. For by | 
land they could not goe for wanvof an Interpretour. No taueling 
And they held, that the countrie beyond the Riuer of aah nes 
Daycao,where they were,was that which Cabeca de Va- pretour. 
ca mentioned in his relation that he pafled of the Indi- 
ans which lined like the Alarbes,hauing no fetled place,and 
fed vpon Tunas and rootes of the fields, and wilde 
beafts that they killed. Which if it were fo, if they 
fhould enter intoitand finde no victuals to paflethe > 
winter,they could not chufe but perifh. Forthey were | 
entred alreadie into the beginning of OGober : andif 
they ftaied any longer, they were notable to returne 
for raine and {nowes, nor to fuftaine themfelues in fo 
pooreacountrey. The Gouernout (that defired long 
to fee himfelfe in a place where hee might fleepe his 
full fleep,rather then to conquer and gouernea coun- 
trie where fo many troubles prefented themfclues) 
prefently returned back that fame way thathe came. 


‘V Cuap. 


a The difconerie of Florida, re 


| Cuap. XX XV. Ay 

How they returned to Nilco, and came to Minoya,where 
they agreed to make fhips to depart out of the land-of 
Florida. | Meist rts 


see Hen that which was determined was 
199 AA) publifhed in the Campe, there were 
27 ey many that were greatly grieved at 
fis it: for they held the Sea voyage as 
%@ doubrfull, for the euill meanes they 
# had, and of as great danger,as the 


mz: 


EN SD eee 
trauciling 


Ls 


in 
countric before they came to the land of the Chri- 

ftians, by that which €abeca de Vaca had told the Em: 

perour: and that was this; Thar after hee had found 

Gold,iluer clothes made of cotton wooll,hee faw gold and filuer, 
An brectis_and ftones of great value. And they had not yetcome 
pois where hee. had been. For vntill that place hee alwaies 
a: trauelled by the. Sea coaft :. and they trauclled farre 
within the land; and that going toward the Welt, of 

neceflitie they fhould come where hee had been. For 

_ hefaid, Thatina certain place he travelled many daies, 

and entred intothe Jandtoward the North. Andin 


Turkic ftones Gyafco they had alreadie found fome Turkie ftones, 


apetnapiles and mantles of cotton wooll: which the Indians figni- 


woul! tound in fied by fignes that they had from the Weft: and that 
Gualco, holding that courfe they fhould draw neere to the 
land ofthe Chriftians. But though they were much 


and haue died in the land of F/;sda,then to have gone 


~ ‘a 


by land : and they hopedto findefomerich 


difcontented-with it,and it grieued many to goe back- 
ward,which would rather haue aduentured their lies” 


poore. 


next adieyning toUirginia. 14.7 
oore outofit : yet were they nota fuffictent part to 
inder that which was determined, becaufe the princt- 

pall men agreed with the Gouernour. And afterward 
there was one that faid, hee would put out one of his 
owne eyes,to put outanother of Luis de Mofcofo ; be- 
caufe it would grieue him much to fee him profper: 
becaufe afwell himfelfas others of his friends lrad crof- 

{ed-that which hee durft not haue done, feeing thar 

within two daies hee fhould leave the gouernment. 

From Daycao, where now they were, to Rvo grande, Or 10 leagues 

the Great Riuer, was 150 leagues : which vnto that betweenethe 

place they had gone Weftward. And by the way as panna 
they returned backe they had much adoe to find Maiz grande. 

to eate : for where they had paffed, the countrey was 

deftroyed: and fome little Maiz that was leftthe In- 

dians had hidden. ‘The townes which in Waguatex Naguatex. 

they had burned (whereof itrepented them) were re- 

paired againe,and the houfes full of Maiz. This coun- 

trie is well inhabited and plentifull. In that place are 

veflels made of clay, which differ very litle from Fine earthen 

thofe of E/remoz, ot Monte-mor, In Chaguate the In- Veh. 

dians by commandement of the Cacique came peace. 
ably,and faid,that the Chriftian which remained there 

would not come. The Gouernour wrote ynto him, 

and fent him inke and paper that he might anfwere. 

The fubftance of the words of the letter wasto declare 

ynto him his determination, which was,to goe out of 
the land of Florida, and to puthim in remembrance 
that he was a Chriftian,that hee would not remaine in 

_ the fubie@ion of Infidels, that hee pardoned him the 
fault which he had done in going away to the Indians, 
that hee fhould come vnto him: and if they did ftay - 
him, that hee would aduertife him thereof by writing. 

| | V2 The 


Pr A 3 ’ ® ‘ ti 


Aays. 
Chilano, 
Nilco. 


nak ThAfiameetriedat 


The Indian went with the letter, and cameagain with- 
out any more anfwere,then,on the back fide,his name 
and his feale,that they might know he wasaliue. The 
Gouernour fent twelue horfemen to feeke him: but 
he,which had his fpies,fo hid himfelfe,that they could _ 
not find him. For want of Maiz the Gouernour could 
not {tay any longer to feeke him. Hee departed from 
Chaguete,and pafled the Riuer by _4ays, going downe 
by ithee founda towne called Chilano, which as yet 
they had notfeen. They came to Nilo, & found fo lit- 
tle Maiz,as could not fuffice till they made their fhips; 
becaufe the Chriftians,being in Guachoyain the feede 
time, the Indians for feare of them durft notcometo 
fow the grounds: of Nilco: and they knew not there- 
about any other countrie where any Maiz was: and 
that was the moft fruitful foile that was thereaway, 
and where they had moft hopeto findeit. Euery one 
was confounded, and the moft part thoughe it bad 
counfell to come backe from the River of Daycao, and 
not to haue followed their fortune, going that way 
that went ouer land. For by Sea it feemed impoffible 
tofauethemfelues, vnieffe God would worke a mi- 
racle for them : for there was neither Pilot, nor Sea- 


_ chart, neither did they know where the Riuer entred _ 


into the Sea, neither had they notice of it,neitherhad 
they any thing wherewith to make failes,nor any ftore 
of Enequem, which is a grafle whereof they make 
Okam,which grew there: and that which they found 
they faued to calke the Pinaces withall, neither had 
they any thing to.pirch them withall : neither could 
they make fhips of fuch fubftance, butthatany ftorme | 
would put thé in great danger: and they feared much” 
ie would fall out with them,as it did with Pamphilo de 
| Naruaez, 


haat Ng ai iNerit DONS ete Ry es 
RTE Wp BAe Neaioan Samadi INAdG eaten ent et My am, | SEC in Sree bie 
BSS SSSA a is ae Ce RS ete a Et SO ete oa eA a 

: 2 ty ies Wi ta 


next adioyning to Virginia. 
Naruaez, which was caft away vpon that coaft: And 
aboueall other it troubled theni moft,that they could 
finde no Maiz : for without it they could not bee fu- 
ftained, nor could doe any thing that they had neede 
of, All of them were put to great confufion. Their 
chiefe remedy was to committhem{elues to God,and 
to befeeeh him that he would direé& them the way that’ 
they might fauetheir lives. And it pleafed him of his 
goodneffe,that the Indians of Nico came peaceablie, 
and told them, that.two daies iourney from thence, 
neere vnto the Great Riuer,were two townes, where- 
of the Chriftians had no notice, and thatthe province 
was called (Minoya,and wasa fruitfull foile : that,whe- 
ther at this prefent there was any Maiz or no, they 
knew not,becaufe they had warre with them: but that 
they would be very glad with the favour of the Chri- 
ftians to goe and fpoyle them. The Gouernour {ent a 
Captaine thitherwith horfemenandfootmen,andthe 
Indians of Nélco with him. Hee came to CHinoya, and Minoys. 
found two great townes feated ina plaine and. open Two great 
foile,halfe a league diftant,onein fight of another,and “°"""* 
in them he tooke many Indians,and found great{tore 
of Maiz. Prefently he lodged in one of them, and fent 
word to the Gouernour what hee had found : where- 


with they were all exceeding glad. They departed 


from Nilo in the beginning of December; and all that The begin- 
way,and before from Chilane, they endured much p08 of De 
trouble: for they paffed through many waters, and 


many times it rained with a Northren winde, and was Raine with ; 


exceeding cold, fo that they were in the open field Norra 
with water ouerand vnderneath them: and when at nee day 
the end of their daies iourney they found drieground 
toreft vpon,they gaue great thanksto God. With this 

| SOS ee eas trouble 


Keer: 


The death of 
Andrew Va(- 
concelos, 


me Aficaelte Florida, 


trouble almoft all the Indians that ferued them died. 


And after they were in Minoya, many Chriftians alfo 
died : and the moft part were ficke of greatand dange- 


rous difeafes, which hada {pice of the lethargie. Ac 


this place died Andrew deVafconcelos, and two Portu- 
gals of E/zas,which were very neerehim.: which were 


~ brethren,and by their furname called Sot#. The Chri- 


ftians lodged in one of the townes, which they liked 
beft : which was fenfedabout, and diftant a quarter 
ofa league fromthe Great River. The Maiz that was 
in the othertowne was broughtthither; andin all it 
was c{teemed to bee 6000. hanegs or bufhels. And 
there was the beft timber to make fhips, that they had 
feene inall the land of Florida: wherefore allof them 
gaue God great thankes for fo fingular a fauour; and 
hoped that thatwhich they defired would take effect, 


which was, that they might {afely bee conducted into E 


the land of the Chriftians. | | 
Cap. | XX xX VIL iy 


, How there were feuen Brigandines builded, and how they. 


departed from Minoya. 


pag Sfoone as they came to Minoya, the 
*4| Gouernor commanded them to-ga- 


Ye s\)| ther all the chaines together, which | 


BAW Fae) W/4| cuerie one had to lead “Indians ins 
NG gA1254, %) || and to gather al the yronwhich they 


| eet ae ES) had forthcir prouifion,and al the reft 
_ that was inthe Camp: and to fet vpa forgeto make 


nailes,and commanded them to.cut downe timber for 


the brigandines.And a Portugall of Ceuta,who hauing | 
bina prifonerin Fe%,had learned to {aw timber with a 
: | - long. 


next adioyning toUirginia. — 15% 
Jong faw, which for fuch Hite they had carried 


with them,did teach others,which helped him to faw 
timber. And aGenxews, whom it pleafed God to pre- 


ferue (for without him they had neuer come out of | 


the countrie: for there was neuer another that could 
make fhips but hee). with foure or flue other Bé{caine 
carpenters, which hewed his plancks and other tim- 
bers,made the brigandines: Andtwo calkers,the one 
of Gewaa,the other-of Sardinia did calke them with the 


tow ofan hearb like hempe,. whereof before I haue Enequenisan 


made mention,which there isnamed Encquen. And hetbe like 


becaufe there was not enough of it, they calked them 


with the flaxe of the Countrie, and with the mantles, Flaxe ot the . 


Hempe. 


which they rauelled for that purpofe.A cooper which counte- 


they had among them fell ficke,and was at the point of 
death: and there was none other that had any skillin 
that trade: it pleafed God to fend him his health: And 
albeithe wasverie weake, and could not labour; yet 
15. daies before they departed, he made for every. bri- 


gandine two halfe hogs heads,which the mariners call | 


quarterets,becaufe foure of them hold a pipe of water. 


The Indians which dwelttwo dates iournieaboue the Tapuanate. 


Riverina Prouince called Taguanate, and likewi 
thofe of Nilco and Guacoya,and others their neighbours 
fecine the brigandines in making, thinking, becaufe 
their places of refugeare in the water, that they were to 
gocto fecke them ; and becaufe the Gouernour de- 
manded mantles of them, as neceflarie for {ailes, came 
many times, and brought many mantles, and great 
ftore of fifh.. And for certaine it feemed that God was 
willing to fauour them in fo great neceffitie, mooning 
the minds of the Indians to bring them: for to goeto 
take them, they. were neuer able. For in the towne 


fe two daies 
tourney aboue 


Minoya.: . 


where - 


32 , The difcouerie of Florida, 


where they were, affoone as winter came in,they were 
fo inclofed and compaffed with water,y they could go 
no farther by land, then a league, & a league & an half. 
Andtf they would go father,they could carrie no hor- 


The great vie fes, & without thé they were notable to fight with the 


ofhorfes. 


= 


Malberrie 
trees, . 


The mightie 
increafing of 
the Riuer for 
two moneths 
{pace,co wit, 
ail March an 
April, 


d 


Indians,becaufe they were many: and fo many for fo 
many on foote they had the aduantage of them by wa- 
terand by land, becaufe they were more apt and ligh- 
ter,and by reafon of the difpofition of the Countrie; 
which was according to their defire for the vfe of their 


warre. [hey broughtalfo fome cords,and thole which. 


wanted for cables were made of the barkes of Mulber- 
rie trees. They made ftirrops of wood, & made ankers 
of their ftirrops. Inthe moneth of March, when it had 
not rained a moneth before,the Riuer grew fobig,that 
itcame to Nélco, which was nine leagues off: and on 
the other fide, the Indians faid, that it reached other 


nine leagues into the land. Inthe towne where the. 


Chriftians were, which was fomewhat high ground, 
where they could beft goe, the water reached tothe 
{tirrops. They made certaine rafts of timber, and laid 
manie boughes vpon them, wheron they fertheir hor- 
fes,and in the boufes they did the like. But feeing that 
nothing preuailed, they went vp to thelofts: and if 


they went out of the houfes, it wasin canoes, oron 


horfeback in thofe places where the ground was hicft. 
So they were two moneths,and could doe nothing, 
during which time the Riuer decreafednot. The In- 


- dians ceafed not to come vnto the brigantines as they 


_Were wont,and came in canoes. Atthat time the Go- 
uernour feared they would fetvpon him. Hee com- 
manded his men to take an Indian fecretly of thofe 


that came to the towne, and to ftay him till the reft. 
: | : oo. were 


3 


tye A 


. 


Aa ENE SYS NR ares Sita eas i 


next adtoyningtoUirginia. 153 
were gone: and they tooke one. The Gouernour 
commanded him to bee put to torture, to make him 
confeffe, whether the Indians did praétife any treafon: 
orno. Hee confeffed that the Caciques of Nico, Gua- Theerand 
choya, &T aguanate,and others,which inal were about the hunnes 

a0. Caciques, witha great number of people, deter-gainftthe — 

mined to come vpon him,and that three daies before, C205. 
they would{enda great prefent of fifhto colour their 
great treafon and malice, and on the verie day they 
would fend fome Indians before with another prefent: 

Andthefe with thofe which were our flaues, which Note well, 
were of their confpiracie alfo,fhould fet the houfes on 
fire, and firft of all poffeffe themfelues of the lances 
which ftoodat the doores of the houfes; andthe Ca- 
ciques with all their men fhould bee necre the towne 
in ambufh in the wood, and whenthey faw the fire 
kindled, fhould come, and make an end of the con- 
 queft. The Gouernour commanded the Indian tobe 
kept ina chaine,and the felfefame day that he {pake of, 

there came 30. Indians with fifh. Hee commanded 
theirright hands to be cut off, and fent them fo backe Thirtie Indi- 

‘tothe Cacique of Guachoya,whofe menthey were. He oh ani 

fenthim word,that he andthe reft fhould come when seaoa have 

they would,for he defired nothing more, and that hee Pee" 
fhould know,that they thought not any thing which ati as iti 
he knew not before they thought of it. Hereupon they 

| allwereputina very greatfeare:: And the Caciques 

of Nilco and Taguanate came to excufe themfelues : 

anda few daies after came he of Guachoya,and a princi- 

pal Indian and his fubie, faid,he knew by certaine in- 

| formation, That the Caciques of Nico and T agnanate 

-wereagreed to come and make warre vponthe Chri- 
 ftians. Affooneasy Indians came from Né/co, the Go- 

at Aye ew uernour 


== 


_ Taguanate : : . 
ae took many men and women,and mantles,which with _ 


154. | Dhedifcouerie of Florida, 
uernour examined them, and they confefled it was 
true. Hee deliuered them prefently tothe principall 
man of Geachoya, which drew them out of the towne 
and killed them. Another day came fome fromTa- 
Theright  gwanate, and confeffed it likewife. The Gouernour 
rye: and Ro commanded their right hands and nofes tobe cut off, 
es of trattours : ‘s 
eut off, and fent them to the Cacique, wherewith they of 

Guachoya remained very well contented : and they 

came oftentimes with prefents of mantles and fifh,and 
Hogecsin hogs,whichbred in the Countrie of fome fwine that 
Florida. were loft by the way the laft yeere. Afloone asthe wa- 
ters were flaked, they perfwaded the Gouernour to 
fend men toT agwanate: They came and bronght ca- 
noes, wherein the footemen were conucied downe 
the River, and a Captaine with horfemen went by 


land ; and the Indians of Gaachoya, which guidedhim, ~ 


till they came to Tagmanate, aflaulted the towne, and 


thofe that they had alreadie were fufficient to {upplie 

their want. The brigandines being finifhedin the mo- 
June.  neth of June, the Indians hauing told vs, That the Ri- 
anc tea, wer increafed butonceayeere, when the fnowes did 
onceaycere melt, inthetime wherein I mentioned it had alreadie 
whenthe (¢ _ increafed,being nowin fommer, and hauing not rai- 
melt in March Nd along time,it pleafed God, that the floodcame vp 


andAprill. tothetowne to feeke the brigandines, from whence 


A miraculous 


they carried them by water tothe River. Which, if 
they had gone by land,had been indanger of breaking 
and {plitting their keeles, and to beeall vndone; be- 
eaufe that for want ofiron,the {pikes were fhort, and 
the planckes and timber were very weake. The Indi- 
ans of \Minoya, during the time that they were there, 
cameto ferue them (being driuen thereunto by Pals 

5) He aa ! sity) 


acident. 


~ 


next adioyning to Virginia. 155 
_ fity)that ofthe Maiz which they had taken from them 
they would beftow fome crummesvpon them. And 
becaufe the Countrie was fertill, and the people vied 
to feed of Maiz,and the Chriftians had gotten all from 
them that they had, and the people were many, they 
were not able to fuftaine themfelues. Thole which 
came to the towne were fo weake and feeble,that they 
had no flefh lefton their bones: and many came and 
died neere the towne for pure hunger and weakeneffe. 
~The Gouernour commanded vpon grievous punith- 
ments to giuethem no Maiz. Yet,when they faw that 
the hogges wanted itnot, and that they had yeelded 
themfelues to ferue them, & confidering their miferie 
and wretchednes, hauing pity of thé, they gaue them 
part of the Maiz which they had. And when the time 
of their embarkment caine, there was notfufficient to 
ferue their owneturnes. That which there was, they 
putinto the brigandines, and into great canoes tied 
~ twoandtwotogether. They fhipped 22. of the beft 
horfes,that were in the Camp,the reft they made dried 
flefh of and dreffed the hogges which they had in like 
manner. They departed from ~Minoya the fecond day 
of Iulie, 1543. | 


Cuap. XXXVII. 
As the Chrislians went downe the great Riner on their 
voyage, the Indians of Quigalta did fet upon them, 
and what was the faccelfe thereof. 


= He day before they departed from cafinoya, 
* they determined to difmiffe al the men & wo- 
- men of the Countrie,which they had detai- 


nedias flaues to feruc them, faue fome hundred, little 
) i Ke more 


goo, Slaues. 
lefcin the ~ 
Countsie, | 


They faile - 
downe Kio 
Grandefrom 
Minoya i7. 
daies before 
they came ro 
the mouth 

~ thereok. 


1536 — Thedifcouerieof Florida, 


more ot leffe,which the Gouernour embarked,and o- 
thers whom it pleafed him to permit. And becaufe 


there were many men of qualitie, whom he could not 
deny that which he granted toothers,he vied a policy, 


faying, that they might ferue them as long as they 
werein the Riuer,but when they carne to the fea, they 
muft fendthem away for want of water, becaufe they 
hadbut few veflels. Hetold his friends infecret, that 
they fhould carrie theirs to Nueva Efpanva: Andall 
thofe whom hee bare no good will vnto (which were 
the greater number) ignorant of that which was hid+ 
den from them, which afterward time difcouered, 
thinking icinhumanitie for fo little time of feruice, in 
reward of the great {eruice that they had done them,to 
carrie them with them, to leaue them flauesto other 
men out of their owne Countries ; left fue hundred 
men and women;among whom were many boiesand - 
girles,which {pake & vnderftood the Spanith tongue. 

The.moft ef them did nothing but weepe:: which — 
mooucd great compafiion ; fecing that-all of them 
with good will would haue become Chriftians, and 
-were left in {tate of perdition. There went from c7##- 
0y4 322 Spaniards in feuen brigandines, well-made, 
faue that the plankes were thin, becaufe the nailes were 
fhort,and were not pitched,nor had any decks to keep 
the water from comming in. In ftead of decks they - 
laid planks, whereon the mariners might runnetotrim 
their failes, and the people might refrefh. themfelues 
aboue and below. The Goucrnour made his Cap- 
taincs,and gaue to euery one his brigandine, andtook 
theiroth and their word, that they would obey him, 
yntll they.came to the land of the Chriftians.. The 


- ‘Gonernour-teoke one of the brigandines for himfelf, 


which. 


- 


eee elon, Seb * 


~ next adioyning to ‘Usrginta. 
which hebeftliked. The fame day that they departed 
from «Minoya,they pafled by Guachoya, where the In- 
dianstarried for them in canoes by the Riuer. Andon 
the fhore,they had madea greatarbour with boughes: 
They defired himto.comeon fhores but he exculed 
himielfejand fo wentalong: The Indians in their ca- 
noes accompanied him; and comming where an arme 
of the Riuer declined.on the right hand, they faid, that 
the Prouince of Quigaita was neere vnto that place, 
and importuned the Gouernour to fet vpon him, and 
-thatthey wouldaide him. And becaufe they had {aid, 
thathe dwelt three daies iournie downethe River, the 
Gouernour {uppofed that they had plotted{ometrea-_ 
fon againft him,and there leftthem ;, and wentdowne 
| with the greateft force ofthe water. The current was . 
very ftrong,and with the helpe of ores,they went very 
fwiftly. The firft day they landed in a woodonthe _ 
left hand of the Riuer, and at-night they withdrew . 
| themfelues to the brigandines.. The next day they The fecond.. - 
‘) ¢ametoatowne, where they weriton fhore, and the“ 
people that wasin itdurft not tarric. A woman that 
they tooke there being examined, faid,thatthat towne 
belonged to aCaciquenamed Haafene{ubiect to Qut Huafene. 
galta,and that Quigalta tarried for them below in the 
River with many men. Certainehorfemen went thi- 
ther, and found fome houfes, wherein was much 
Maiz.. Immediately:more of them wentthither and 
tarricd there one day,in which they did.beate out,and Another days. 
tookeas much Maizasthey needed. While they were 
there,many Indians came from the nether part ofthe 
“River, and on the other fide rightagainft them fome- 
swhat carcleffely fet thenrfelues in orderto fight. The 
Goucrnour fent in two canoes the croflebowmen 
: et ae Te that: 


58  TLhedifcouerieof Florida, 

that he had,and as many more as could goe in them. 
They ran away,and feeing the Spaniards could noto- 
uertake them, they returned backe,and tooke courage; 
and comming neerer, making an outcrie, they threat- 
ned them: and affoone as they departed thence, they 
went after them, fome in canoes, andfome by land a- 
long the Riuer; and getting before, comming to a 
towne that {tood by the Riuers fide, they ioyned al to- 
gether, making a thew that they would tarrie there, 
Euerie brigandine towed a canoe faftened to their’ 
fternes for their particular feruice: Prefently there en- 
tred men into euerie one of them, which made the In- 
dians to flie, and burned the towne, The fame day 
they prefently landed ina great field, where the Indi- 
The third day, ans durft not tarrie. The next day there were gathered - 

¢,, tOgetheran hundred canoes,amone which were fome 
finicdiie that carried 60. and 70. men, and the principall mens 
andgteatca- canoes had their tilts, and plumes of white andred 
a feathers for their enfignes: and they camewithintwo 
croflcbow thot of the brigandines,and fent three Indie 
ansina{mall canoe witha fained meflage to view the 
manner of the brigandines, and what weapons they 
had. And comming to the fide of the Gouernouts 
brigandine,one of the Indians entred,and {aid : 

That the Cacique of Quigalea his Lord, fent him bis 
commendations, and did let him underfland, that all that 
the Indians of Guachoya had told him concerning him- 
felfe,was falfe,and that they had incenfed him, becanfe they 
were bis enemies ; that he was his fernant, and foould find 
him fo. ; hice Sabin 0 

The Gouernouranfwered him,that he beleenedall 
that he faid was true,and willed him to tell him,thathe 
eftéemed his friendfhip very much. Withi this anfwer 

| - Ps ag they 


A cowne bur. 
ned. 


noes were waiting for them, and from thenceall of 
them fell downe,and came neere the Spaniards, (hou- 


ting aloud, and threatning of them. The Gouernour 
fentlobn de Guzman, which had been a Captaine of 


footemen in Florida, with 15. armed men in canoes to 
make them giue way.Afloone as the Indians faw them 
come, towards them, they divided themf{elues into. 


two parts, and ftood ftill till the Spaniards came nie 


them,and when they were come neere them,they ioy- 
ned together on both fides, taking John de Guzman in 
the middeft, and them that came firft with him, and 
with great furie borded them : And as their canoes 
were bigger,and many of them leaped into the water 
to ftay them,and to lay hold on the canoes of the Spas 
niards,and ouerwhelmethem ; {o prefently they ouer- 
whelmed them. The Chriftians: fell into the water, 


and with the weight of their armour funke downeé to 


the bottome: and fome few,thatby {wimming or hol- 
ding by the canoe could haue faued themfelues, with. 


_ Oares and ftaues,which they had, they ftrooke them on. 
» the head.and madethem finke, Wh en they of the bri- 


gandines faw the ouerthrow, though they went about: 
to fuccour them, yet through the current of the Ri- 
uer they could not goe backe. Foure Spaniards fled to 
the brigandine that was neereft tothe canoes; and on- 
ly thefe efcaped of thofethat cameamong the Indians. 


next adioyningto Virginia. 159 
they returned tothe place where the reft in theirca- 


c » b3 : 4 A 


They were cleuen that died there : among whom Hany Spa- 
John de GuXman was one,and a fonne of Don Carlos,cal: hig rights: 


Ned John de Vargas: the reftal(o were perfons of accofit The death of 


and men. of great courage... Thofe that efcaped by lobn de Guz-. 


fwinaming, faid, that they faw the Indians enter the™ 


CANnoe€: 


Cs 


25.Spaniards 
wounded. 


The great vie 
of large tar- 
gels. 


{60 ‘The ds Vouerie of Florida: 


canoe of Iohn de Guzman at the fterne of one of their 
canoes, and whether they carried him away | dead Or 
aliue they could not certainly tell. 3 


Cuar. XX XVIII 
_ Which declareth how they were fates 
by the Indians. 


eae He Indians, feeing river nat ‘got- 
aCe gta ten the victotie,tooke {uch courage, 
pox!) that they affa alted them in the bri- 
4 -gandines, which they durftnotdoe 
#6) before. They came firft to that bri- 
SNe sca’ gandine wherein’ Ca/deron went for 
Capitaine, and wasin the rereward : andatthe firft vo- 
lie of arrowesthey wounded 25 men. There were on- 

ly foure armed men in this brigandine: thefe did ftand 
at the brigandines fide to ‘defend it. Thofe that were 
vnarmed, fecing how they hurt them, left theii oares 
and went vnder the deck: whereupon the brigandine 
began to croffe, and to goe where the current of the 
flreame carried it: One of theatmed men feeing this, 
without the commandement of the Captaine, madea 
footman totakean oareand ftirre the brigandine, hee 
ftanding before him and defending him with histar- 
get. The Indians came no neeref then a bowfhot,from 
whence they offended and were not offended: recei- 
ving no hurt : for in every brigandine: ‘was Bit ¢ one 
crof{ebow, and thofe which wee had weré very much 


-outof order. So that the Chriftians did nothing elfe 
but ftand for abutte to receine their arrowes.: Hauing a 


ear this brigandine they wentto sabeies, and fought 
yOnEs * eewith 


withit halfeian houre;and fo fromoneto anothetthey 
fought with them all. ‘The Chriftiass had mattes to 
Jay vnder them, which were double,and fo clofe and 


ftrong,that noarrow wentthorowthem.Aad afloone ~ 


as the Indians: gaue: them leifure, theyfenfed the bri: 


gandines with them. And theIndians feaing thatthey ten 


could not fhoote leuell;fhot their arrowes at randon 
vpinto theaire, which’ fell into the: brigandines, and 
hortfome of the men and not therewith contented, 

they fought to gertothem which werein the icanoes 
withthe horfess Thofe of the brigandinesenuitoned 
them to defend them, and 'tooke them among them. 
‘Thus feeing themfelues much vexed by them, sand fo 
syearied that they:could' no longer endureit, they de- 


terminedtotravell all the night following, thinking tH cn 


get beyond the countrie oF Quigalta, and that they 
wouldleaue them : but when they thought leatt of it, 
_ fuppofing they had now left them, they heard:yvery 

neere them {or great outcriesy that they made them 
deafe, and fo they followedivs all that night; and'the 


next day tillnoone, by which time we were come in- , 


tothe countrie of others, whom they defired to vie vs 


after thefamemanner; and fo they did. The men of uirice. * 
Quigalta recurned-homes and theiothersin fiftieca- 


noes fought with vsa whole day and a night:and they 

entred onc of the brigandines, that-came in the rere- 

ward by the canoe, which {he had at her fterne, and 
tdoké away a woman which. they found init, and af- 

terward hurt fome of the men of the brigandines. 

Thofe which came with the horfes in the canoes,be- 

ing wearie with rowing night and day, lingered "be 

hind; and prefently the Indians came vpon them, and 

theyrof the brigandinestarried for them. The Gouer- 

Ye nour 


nextadioyning to Virginia. 165 


Strong mats 
a good de- 
ce againtt 
airowes, 


wageit Pro- 


162, .Tbhedifconerieof Florida, 
nour réfoluedtogoe on fhore and to kill the horfes, 
becaufe of the flow way which they:made' becaufe of 
them. Affoone as they fawa place conuenient for ir, 
Spee they went thither and killed the horfes,and brought 
~ °°" the flefh of them to.drie:it aboord, Eoureior fue of 
| them remained on fhorealiue: the Indians went vnto 
them,afrer the Spaniards were embarked. The horfes 
were not acquainted with them,and began to neigh, 
andrunne vpanddowne,in fuch fort,that the Indians, 
for feare of them; leapedinto the water : und:getting 
into their.canoes went after the brigandines, fhooting 
cruelly at them. They followed:vs that evening and 
the night following till the next day at tenne of the 
clocke,andthen:returned vp the Riuer.Prefently from 
A final owne. afinall eowne that ftood: vpon the Riuercame feuen 
canoes,and followed vsa little way downe the Riuer, 
fhooting atvs : but feeing they were fo few that they 
could.doe vs but little harme, they returned to their 
towne. Fromthence forward, vnullthey came to the 
They failed Sea, they had no encounter. They failed downethe 
x7- dates pi River feuenteene daies : which may be two hundred 
ucr,whichis and fifty leagues tourney, little more or lefle:and neere 
et 259+. vntotheSea the Riueris diuid edinto two armes;each 
mee of them is aleague and an halfe broad. S- 


| Crap. XXXIX. | 3 
How they. came unto the fea: and what happened unto 
hnie liber ouch ee oem 

£4 Alfea league before they cameto the fea,they 
2% came to ankerroreftthemfelues there about 
<.a day: for they were very weary with rowing 


and 


wae! Se ae Re, Se AS a Pe Tah MS Oe Seren ae Sea peng RE es oe parecer alt a 
—————E oe ua eLearn SO eB DSR 
ear ‘ r : : ‘ F rue ; F " ‘oy = 


next adtoyning to Virginia. 163 
and out of heart. For by the {paceof- many daies they 
had eaten nothing but parched and fodden Maiz 
which they had by allowance cuery day an headpeece 
ful by ftrike for euery three mé.While they rode there 
at anker feuen canoes of Indians came to fet vpathofe, 
which they brought with them. The Gouernour com- 
manded armed men to go aboord them, and todriue 
them farther off. They camealioagainft them by land 
 throughathick wood, and a moorifh ground,and had 
 ftaues with very fharp forked heads made of thebones 
of fifhes, and fought verie valiantly with vs, which 
wentout toencounterthem. And theother thatcame 
in canoes with their arrowes ftaied for them that came 
againft them, and at their comming both thofe that 
were on land,and thofe in the canoes wounded fome 
ofvs: And feeing vs come neere them, they turned 
their backs and like {wift horfes among footemen gat 
away from vs; making. fome returnes, and reuniting 
themf{clues together,going not paftabow fhot off :for 
in fo retiring they thor, without receiuing any hurt of 
the Chriftians. For though they had fome bowes, yet 
they could notvfethem; and brake their armes with 
rowing to. ouertake them. ‘And the Indians eafily in 
their compaffe went with their canoes, ftaying and 
wheeling aboutas ithad been in askirmifh,perceiuing 
| thar thofe that came againft them could not offend 
them. Andthe morethey ftroue to come neere them, 
the morehurtthey receiued. Affooneas they had dri- 
ven them farther off,they returned tothe brigandines. 
They {tried two daics there : And departed from 
thence vnto the place,where the arme of the River en- 
treth into thefea. They founded in the Riuerneere 
vnto the Sea, and found 40. fathoms water. They 
7 Yi2 ftaicd 


| 
| 


164. ‘The difcouerte of Filibideps 


ftaiéd thete. Andthe Gouernotr commanded al and 
fingular perfons to:fpeake their minds touching their 
voiage, whether it were beft to crofle ouer to. Waewa Ef- 
panna, committing théfeluesto the hie fea,or whether 
they fhould keepe “along thecoaft. ‘There werefindry 
“opinions touching this matter: wherein John Danu(co, 

which prefumed much, and tooke much vpon him in 
theknowledge of navigation, and matters of the fea; 
although hee had burlittle: experience, mooued the 
Goucrnour with bis:talke: and his opinion was {e- 
conded by fome others. And they afhrmed,thatit was 
much better to: pafie by the hie fea, and croffe the 
eulfe,which was three of foure parts the lefler trauell, 
becaufein goingalong§ coaft, they wenta great way 


about, by reafon of the compatle, which the land did 
make. iobn Danufcofaid,that he had feene the feacard, 


and that from the place where they were,the coaft ran 


Eaftand Weft ynto Rio de las Palmas ; and from Riode 


las Palmasto Nueua Efpannafrom North toSouth:and 
therefore in failing alwaies in fight of land would bee 
a great compafling about and fpending of much time; 
&that they would bein greatdangerto be onertaken 
with winter before:tbey fhould eet tothe land of the 
Chriftians: and thatin to. or12: daiesfpace, haning 
2ood weather,they might bee there in crofling ouer. 
The mot part were againtt this opinion,and faid, that 
it was more fafe to goalong the coaft,though they ftai- 
edthe longer: becaufe their fhips were very weake 
and without decks, fo thata very little ftormewase- 
nough to caftthem away : and if they fhould be hin- 
dred with calmes, or contratie weather, through the 
{mall ftore ofvefiels whichthey had.to carrie waterin, 
be fhould likewife fall into great danger : and that 
f ee 


—— 


; 


— nextadtoyningto Virginia. 165 
although thefhips were fuch as they might venturein 
them, yethauing neither Pilot nor Seacard to guide 
them{elues,it was no good counfell to crofle the gulfe. 
This opinion was confirmed by the greateft part’: and 
they agreed to go along the coaft.. At the time where- 
in they fought to depart from thence, the cable of the 
anker of the Gouernours brigandine brake,and the an- 
ker remained in the River. And albeit, they were 
neere the fhore, yet it was fo deepe,that the Diuers di- 
ving many times could neuer findit: which caufed 
ereatfadnesin the Gouernour, and in all thofe that 
went with him in his brigandine: But witha grind- 
ftone whichthey had, and certaine bridles which re- 
mained tofomeofthe Gentlemen, and men of wor- 
fhip which-had horfes; they made a weight which fer- 

ued in ftead of an:anker. The 18. of Iuly, they went 
foorth to fea with faire and profperous weather for 
theirvoiage. Andfeeing that they were gonetwo ot 
three leaguesfrom thefhore; the Captaines of the o- 
ther brigandines ouertookethem, and asked the Go- 
vernour,wherefore hedid put off from the fhore and 


that ifhe wouldleaue the coaft, hefhould fay fo ; and 


he fhould not do itwithout the confent ofall:and that 


ifhee did otherwife, they would not follow him, but 


that every one would doe what feemed beft vnto him- 


vp PN EL ee PO aaa eee 6 Ser SORA Sa US tes St pee Oe 
digg WE ea Aa Re AIRE Ns ee Ns DURA ged Oe i ie ne) ee Se 
r . 2 1k ° n ‘ 


+ Se ai Beat aaa Waco ay “Peg 


They landed: 
the 30. of 
May, 1439. 
Chap. 7. they: 
went foorthto 
fea: luly 18. 


15430 


felfe. The Gouernour anfwered, that hee would doe 


nothing without their countell, butthatheedidbeare 


off from the land to faile the better and {afer by night’; 


and that the next day when time ferued, he would re- 


turne to the fight of land againe. They failed with a 


reafonable good wind that day and the night follow- 
ing,and the next day till euening fong, alwaies in frefh 
water whereat they wondred much: forthey were 
¥ 3 verle 


Frefh water als 
molt two daies: 
failing inthe: 
Seay. 


The coaft 
fhallow. 


Certaine 
ereckes where 
they refted a 
night. 


Anopen 
Roade. 


166 Lhe dsfcoucrie of Florida, 
very farre from land. But the force of the current of 
the Riuer is fo great, and the coaft thereis fo fhallow 
and gentle, that the frefh water entreth farre into the 
Sea. That euening on their sight hand they faw cer- 
taine creekes, whither they went, and refted there that 
night : where John Danufco with his reafons wonne 
them atlaft, that all confented and agreed to commit 
themfelues to the maine Sea,alleaging,as hehaddone 
before, that it was a great aduantage, and that their 
voyage would be much fhorter. They failed two daies, 
and when they would haue come to fight of land they 
could not,for the winde blew from the fhore. On the 
fourth day, feeing their frefh water began to faile, fea: 
ring neceflitieand danger, they all complained of Zohn 
Danufco,and of the Gouernour that followed his coun: 
fell: and euery one of the Captaines faid, that they 
would no more goe from the thore, though the Go- 
uernour went whither he would. It pleafed God ‘that 
the winde changed though buta litte: andar the end 
of foure daies after they had put to fea, being alreadie 
deftitute of water,by force of rowing they got within 
fight of land,and with great trouble recouered it,inan 
open roade. That euening the winde came to the 
South,which on that coaftis a crofle winde, and draue 
the brigandines againft the fhore,becauf=it blew ve 
hard,and the anchors were fo weake,that they yeelded a 
and beganto bend. The Gouernour commanded all 
men toleape into the water,and going between them 

and the fhore, and thrufting the brigandines into the 

Sea afloone as the waue was paft, they faued them till 

the winde ceafed. Pbnion PRN 


Crap. 


Mik oo AE oR i abe Wena PTE NS FE A a Fag aah st ~ 
SET Stake TESA SNS ate nm yet A va Oana ai Ota 
Bilan Tie irepa toa UM etc PS ees: VS es We 


xtadioyningto‘Usrginia. 167 


ne 
ae ThocLabuy SURV? Ont fro) 
me oiniotisge, u, Mt hPeo% Lerod) nc, 90 dango 1d 
How they loft one another by a florme,and afterward came 
sogether in a crecke. | 


epee N the bay where they rode, after the tem- 

en | peft was paft, they went on fhore, and 

faa) with mattockes, which they had, they 

ara | digged certaine pits, which grew full of Freth water is 

(ie) fh water,where they filled all the cask (ey ee ne 

which they had. The next day they departed thenee, ing in rou 

and failed two daies,and entred into a creeke like vnto pee the 

apoole,fenced from the South winde,which then did Sade 

blow, and’ was againft them : and there they ftaied 

foure daies,not being able to. get out: and when the 

Sea was calmethey rowed out: they failed that day, 

and toward cuening the winde grew fo ftrong that it 

draue them on the fhore, and they were foric that 

they had put foorth from the former harbour : for as. 

fooneas night approcheda ftorme began to rife in the 

Sea,and the winde fill waxed more and more violent 

with a tempeft. The brigandines loft one another: 

‘two of them, which bare more into the Sea, entred 

into an arme of the Sea, which pearced:into the Anarme of 

land two leagues beyond the place where the other ‘s/e™ 

were that night. The five which ftaied behinde,being 

alwaies aleague,and halfea league the one from the: 

other, met together, withour any knowledge the one 

of the other,ina wilde roade,where the winde and the 

waues droue them on fhore : for their anchors did 

fireighten and came home; and they could notrule 

their oares, putting feuenoreight mento euery oare, 

which rowed to feaward : and all the reftleaped ae 
| a 


A WEE toade:. 


A fwarmie of 


gricuous Mol- 


kitoese 


A skumme of 
the fea like 
pitch, called 
Copee. 


a) <i 


| 188 Thedsfconerie of Florida, 3 


the water, and when the waue was paft that draue the 
brigandine on fhore; they thtuft it againe into Sea 
with all the diligence and might thatthey had. Others, 
while another waue was in comming, with bowles la- 
ued out the water that came in ouerboord. While they 
‘were in this tempeftin great feare of béing caft away 
in that place, from midnight forward they endured an 
intollerable tormétofan infinite fwarme of Moskitoes 
which fell vpon them,which affoone asthey had ftung 
the flefh,it fo infected it, as though they had bin veno- 
mous. Inthe morning the Sea was aflwaged andthe 
wind flaked,but notthe Muskitoes : for y failes which 
were white feemed blacke with them in the morning. 
‘Thofewhich.rowed, vnleffe others kept them away, 
“werenot able to row. Hauing paffed the feareSedan- 
-gerof the ftorme, beholding the deformities of their 
faces, and the blowes which they gave themfelues to 
-driue them away, one of them laughed at another. 
"They met all togetherinthe creek where the two bti- 
‘gandines wete,which outwent their fellowes. There 
was found askumme, which they call Copee, which 
the Sea cafteth vp, and it is like pitch, wherewith in 
fome places, where pitch is wanting, they pitch their 
fhips: therethey pitched their brigandines. They: re- 
{ted two daies,and then eftfoones proceeded on their 
voyage. They failed two daies more, and landedina 


Another deep Bay or.armeof the Sea, where they ftaied two daiés. 


bay. 


Sapetes Bal yy £5 


“The fame day that they went from thence fixe men 


“went'vp in acanoe toward the head of it, and could 


notfee the end of it. They put out from thence with 
a South winde, which was againft them : but becaufe 


it was little;and forthe great defirethey hadto thorten 
‘their-voyage, they put out to fea by force of oares, and 


for 


SS 


eit iii 


Bigatti or 


next adtoyningio Virginia. 169 
forall that made very little way with greatlabourin _ 
two daies,and went vader the'lee of a {mall Ifland into A (mall Ifand.. 
anarme of the Sea, which compafled it about. While 
they were there,there fell out fuch weather, that they 
gaue God many thankes, that they had found out fach . 
an harbour. There was grearftore of fith in that place, Great fore of 
which they tooke with nets, which they had, and 4». 
hookes. Heerea man caft an hooke anda line into the 
Sea,and tied the end of it to his arme,and.a fifh caught 
it,and drew him into the water vnto the necke : and it 
pleafed God that hee remembred himfelfe of a knife 

— that hehad,and cut the line with it. There they abode Fourtcene _ 
fourteene daies:and at the end of them it pleafed God ieee s 
tofend them faire weather, for which with greatdeuo- 
tion they appointed a proceffion, and went in procef- 
fion along the ftrand, befeeching God to bring them 
to aland,where they might ferne him in better fort. 


Gilles X LI. 


By) they found frefh water: there they fil- 
{Eg led their veffels ; and the proceffion be- 
ixQy ing ended, embarked themfelues, and 
PSRSLE going alwaiesin fight of the fhore they 
failed fixe daics, Joba Danujco {aid that it would doeSixe daics ~ 
well to beare out to feaward : for he had feene the Sea-**"8- 
cardjand remembred that from R10 de fas Palmas for- 
ward the coaft did runne from North to South, and 
-thitherto they had runne from Eaft to Weft,and in his 
opinion,by his reckoning, Rio ee Palmas could “i? | 
fa rh 3 


Floting of 
Palme leaues. 
Great mouns 
taines. 


Althe North- 
fide of the . 
Gulfe of 
Mexico is ve- 
rie low land, 
faue in this 

~ one place. 


170 ‘Thedifconerie of Florida, 


be farre off, from where they were. That fame night 
they put to fea, and in the morning they. faw Palme 
leaues floting, and the coaft,which ranne North and 
South: from midday forward they faw great Moun- 
taines,which vntill then they had not feene : for from 
this place to Puerto de Spiritu Santo, where they firft 
landed in Florida,was avery plaine and low countrey:. 
and therfore it cannot be defcried,vnlefle a man come 
very neereit. By that which they faw, they thought 
that they had ouerfhot Ro de Palmas that night, 
which is 60 leagues from the Riuer of Panuco, which: 


“js in Nweua Efpanna. They aflembled all together, 


and fome faid it was not good tofaile by night, left they 
fhould ouerfhoot the Riuer of Pawaco-and others faid, — 


it was not well to lofe time while it was fauourable, 


and that it could not be fo neere that they fhould paffe 


_itthat night: and they agreed to take away halfe the 
failes, and fo faile allnight. Two of thebrigandines, 
which failed that night with all their failes, by breake 


of day had ouerfhot the River of Pazuco without fee- 
ing it. Of the fiue thatcame behind, the firft thatcame- 
vnto it was that wherein Ca/deran was Captaine. A’ 
quarter of aleague before they came atit, and before. 
they did fee it, they faw the water muddie, and knew 
it to be frefh water: and comming right againftthe Ri-- 
uer,they faw, where it entred into the Sea,thatthe wa- 
ter brake vponafhold. And becaufe there was no man 
there that knew it, they were in doubt. whether they 


fhould goe in, or goe along, and they relolued togoe 


in :and before they came ynto thecurrent,they went: 
clofe to the fhore,and entred intothe port:and afloone 
as they werecome in, they faw Indian men and wo-- 
men apparelled like Spaniards : whom. they cape 
’ “< : - Wnatr  — 


~ 


— nexbadigyning to Virginia. — rt 
what countrey they were ¢ They anfwered in Spanith, 
that it was the Riuer of Pazuco, and that the towne of The River of 
the Chriftians was 15 leagues vp within the land. The genie ios 
ioy that all ofthem receiued vpon thefe newes cannot leagues from 
fufficiently be expreffed : for it &emed vnto them, that nae 
at that inftant they were borneagain.And many went. 
on fhoreand kiffed the ground, and kneeling oa their 
knees, with lifting vp their hands and eyes to heauen, 
they all ceafed not to giue God thankes. Thofe which 
came after, afloone as they faw Calderan come to an 
anchor with his brigandine in the Riuer, prefently 
went thither,and cameinto the hauen. The othertwo 
brigandines which had ouerfhotthe place, putto fea 
to returne backe to fecke the reft, and could not doeir, 
_ becaufethe winde was contrarieand the Sea growne: 
they were afraid of being caftaway, and recowering 
the fhore.they caft anchor. While they rode there a 
fiorme arofe : and feeing that they could not abide 
there, much lefle endure at Sea, they refolued to runne 
_onfhore; and asthebrigandines were but {mall, fodid 
they draw butlittle water ; and where they were it was 
' afandie coaft. By which occafion the force of their 
failes draue them on fhore, without any hurt of them 
that were inthem. As thofe that were in the port of 
Panuco at this time were in great ioy; fo thefe felt a 
double griefe in their hearts : for they knew not what 
was become of their fellowes, nor in what countrey 
they were, and feared it was 2countrey of Indian ene- 
They landed two leagues below the port: and 
when they faw themfelues out of the danger of the 
Sea, euery one tooke of that which he had, as muchas 
he could carrie on his backe : and they trauelled vp in- 
tothe countrey,and found Indians,which told them 
a Z2 where 


172  Thedifcouerie of Florida, 
where their fellowes were; and gaue them good en- 
tertainement : wherewith their fadnes was turned in- 
toioy,and they thanked God moft humbly for their 
deliuerance out offo many dangers. 9 

Cirav adh Me yachieehaeaniss 
How they came to Panuco,and bow they were veceiued of 
the inhabitants. 7 Cbrtien bs 


Fy Rom the timethat they put out of Rio Grax- 
gy, de tothe fea,at their departure from F/ori- 
They arriued | E5¥e4@94 dz, vntil they arrived in the Riuer of Panne 
in the Riucr ot (EPZESS2¥) co were'52.daies. They cameinto the Ri- 
Panuco, 1543. 
Septem.10, 


oy 


TT ny NE 
i om 
ih , 


i x 


fore were aduertifed by the Indians, and knew of their 

__ arriual,caried fome of them to their houfes, and enter- 
tained them,whom they knew,and had pisces = 

i, | | of, 


next adigyningto‘Uirginia. 173 

, of, orbecaufe they were theirCountrimen.. The Al- 
. -ealde Mayor tooke the Gouernour home to his houfe: 
and commanded al the reft,afloone as they came,tobe 
lodged 6. & 6.and 10.& ro. according tothe habilitie 
ofeuery townefman.. And all of them were prouided. 
for by their hoftes of many hennes and bread of Maiz, 
and fruites ofthe Countrie,which are {uch as be in the 
Ile of Cuba;whereot before Lhaue {poken. The towne. the deferip- 
of Panuco may containe aboue 70. families ; the moft tion of Fa- 
of their houfes are of lime and ftone, and fome made ee 
oftimber, andalh of them arethatched. Itis a poore 
Countrie,and thereis neither gold nor filuer in it: The 
inhabitants liue there in great abundance of victuals 
and feruants. The richeft haue not aboue 500.crownes 
rentayeere, and that is in cotten clothes, hennes, and 
Maiz,which the Indians their feruants doe giue them 3 
for tribute. There arriued there of thofe that came out 31. Chrifiians 
of Florida, three hundred and eleuen Chriftians.. Pre- Suis ah Par 
: fently the AlcaldeMayor fent one of the town{men in i 
| poftto aduertife the Viceroy,Dom Antonio de Mendo- 
: ¢4, which was refident in Mexico, that of y people that 
went with Don Ferdinando de Soto to difcouerand con- 

uer Florida, three hundred-and eleuen men were ari- 
ued there,that feeing they were imploied in his Maie- 
ftiesfernice, he would take fome order to provide for 
them. Whereat the Viceroy, and allthe inhabitants 
of Mexico wondred. Forthey thought they were mif- 
carried becaufe they had trauelled fo farre within the 
maine landof Florida, and had no newes of them for 
folong atime: andit feemed a wonderfull thing vn- 
tothem, how they could faue themfelues fo long a 
mong Infidels, without any fort, whercin they night 
fortifie themfelues, and. without any other{fuccourat 


L3 alle 


“174 Thedifcaerieof Florida, 


all.. Prefently the Viceroy fenta warrant, wherein hee 
commaded,that whitherfoeuer they fent,they fhould 
giue them victuals,and as many Indians for their caria- 
ges asthey needed: and where they would not fur- 


nifh them, they might take thofe things that were nes * 


ceflarie perforce without incurring any danger of law: 
This warrant was fo readilie obeyed, that by the way 
before they came to the townes, they cametoreccitie 


them with hennes,and victuals. 


Of the fasour which they found at the hands of the Vices | 


roy,and of the inbabstants of the Citie of M exiCO. 


Rom Paucoto the great Citie Temiftd- 


i We QA & S 
bt Ce NE Te +, 


2 
& 
AGE 
4. 4 


— 2 

UR 
oa) 

ik 2 ee 


| al FR Yea} 60. from Panwco to the Port de Vera 
| 


Zz 
“o> 


ES 


= AY Cruz, where they take fhipping for 


4 


—a 
ry) 
Se: 


~ dolandtogo for Nuena Efpanna. Thele 
three townes ftand inatriangle: to Wit, Vera Cruz, to 
the South, Pamuco to the North, and Mexico to the 
Welt, 60. leagues afunder. The Countrieis {0 inha- 
bited with Indians, that from towneto towne, thofe 
which are fartheft, are buta league, and halfea league 
afunder. Some of them that came from Florida ftaied 
amoneth in Pawaco toreft themfelues, others fifteene 
daies,and euery oneaslong ashe lifted: for there was 
none that {fheweda fower countenance to his euelts, 


os4F] Spaine,and thofe thatcome from Spaine 


ee 


tan Mexico is 60. leagues; and other 


< 


but rather gauethem any thing that they had,and fee. _ 


med to be grieued when they took their leaue. Which 
was to bebeleeued. Forthe viduals,which the Indi- 


ans doe pay them for tribute,are more then they can 


fpend: and in that towne isno commerce ; andthere 


~dwele 


next adsoyning to Virginia, 175 
dwelt but few Spaniards there, and they were glad of 
their companie. The Alcalde Mayor diuided all 
the Emperours clothes which he had (which there 
they pay him for his tribute) among thofe that would 
come toreceiue them. Thofe which had fhirts of maile 
left,were glad men : for they had a horfe for one fhire 
of maile : Some horfed themfelues: and fuchas could 
not (which were the greateft part) tooke their iournie 
on foote: in which they were well receiued of the In- 
dians that were in the townes,and better ferued, then 
they could have beenin their owne houfes, though 
they had been welltoliue. Forif they asked one hen. 
ofan Indian,they broughtthem foure: and if they as- 
ked any of the Countrie fruit,though it were a league 
_ off, they ran prefently for it. And if any Chriftian 
found himfelfeuill at eafe,they carried him in a chaire This is the- 
from one towne to another. In whatfoeuer towne manneroe 
they came, the Cacique, by an Indian which carti- ric neh mee 
eda rod of Iuftice in his hand, whom they call Ta- chaires. 
pile, that is to fay, a fergeant, commanded them to 
prouide victuals for them, and Indians to beare bur-_ 
dens of {uch things-as they had, and fuch as were’ 
needfull to carrie them that were ficke. The Vice-- 
roy fenta Portugall 20. leagues from Mexico, with 
reat ftore of fugar, raifons of the Sunne, and con- 
Prneaana other things fit for ficke folkes, for {uch as. 
had neede ofthem: and had giuen order to cloth them” 
allatthe Emperours charges. And their approch being 
knowne by the citizens of Mexico, they went out of 
_ the rowneto receiue them: and with great courtefie, . 
requefting them in fauour tocome to their houfes, ¢- 
uery one carried fuch as ee met home with “ey | he i 
~ lothed | 


"196 ” The dsfconerie of Florida, = . 


clothed them every one the beft they could: fo that 


he which had the meancft appartell, itcoft aboue 30. 
ducats. As many as were willing to cometo the Vice- 
royes houfe he commanded to be apparelled,and fuch. 
as were perfons of qualitie fate at his table: and there 
wasa table in his houfe for as many ofthe meaner fort 
as would come to it: and he was prefently informed, 
who euery one was, to fhew him the couttefie that he 
deferued.Some of the Céquerors did fet both gentle. 
men and clownes at their owne table,and many times 
made the feruant fit cheeke by cheeke by his mafter: 
and chiefly the officers and men of bafé condition did 
fo : for thofe which had better education did enquire 
who euery one was,and made difference of perfons : 
butall did what they could witha good will: and eue- 
ry one told them whom they had in their houfes, that 


they fhouldnot trouble themfelues, nor thinke them- 


felues the worfe, to take that which they gauethem: 
for they had bin in the like cafe,and had bin reliened 
of others, and that this was thecuftome of that coun- 
trey. God reward them all: and God grant,that thofe 
which it pleafed him to deliuer outof Florida, and to 
bring againe into Chriftendome,may ferue him: and 
vnto thofe that died in that countrey, and vntoall that 
beleeue in him and confeffe his holy faith,God for his 
merci fake grant the kingdome of heauen. Amen. 


~Cuap, 


next adioyning to Virginia. 177 


ee Cuarp. X LIV. 
Which declareth fome dinerfities and particularities of 
_ bheland of Florida : and thefruites, and beafts, and 
| fowles that are in that Countrie. 


Rom the Port de Spiritu Santo, where Port de Spi- 
they landed whenthey entred into Flo. ee - 
: ; 29. degrees 
| rida, tothe Prouince of Ocute, which + onthe Wek 
x SSS) may bee 400. leagues, little more or a of Flo- 
L222 lefle, is a verie plaine Countrie, and ""* 
hath many lakes and thicke woods,and in fome places 
they are of wild pinetrees; andis a weakefoile : There 
isimit neither Mountaine nor hill. The Countrie of 
Ocuteis more fat and fruitfull ; ic hath thinner woods, 
_ andvery goodly medows vpon the Riuers.: Fr6 Ocute Ocuree 
- to Cutifachiqui may be r30- leagues : 80. leagues there- cuifachi- 
_ofare defert,and haue many.groues of wild Pine trees. qui. 
Through the wilderneffe great Riuers doe paffe. From 
Catifachiquito Xuala,may be 2 50.leagues:itis al an hilly Xuala. 
_ Countrie. Cutifachiqui and Xnata ftand bothin plaine 
ground;hie,and haue goodly medows onthe Riuers. 
From thence forward to Chiaha, Coca, and Talsfe, is Chiaha,Coga, 
_plaine ground,dry and fat,and very plentifull of Maiz. aber 
From Xwalato Tafcaluca may be 250. leagues. From Tafcaluga, 
Tafcaluca to Rie Grande; or ¥ Great Riuer, may be 300. =: 
leagues : the Countrieis low, and fulloflakes. From 
Rio Grande forward, the Countrie is hier and more Rio Grande. 
champion, and beft peopled ofall the land of Florida. 
And along this Riuer from 4quixoto Pacaha, and Col Aquixo. 
-goa,are 150. leagues: the Countric is plaine, and the 
woods thinne, and in fome places champion, very « 
fruitfull and pleafant. From ae to Antiamaue are Coligoa, 
; a. 2500, 


Autiamque. 


178 ©The difcouerte of Florida, 


250. leagues of hillie Countrie. From Astiamaue to 


Aguacay.  Aguacay,may be 230. leaguesof plaine ground. From 


Aguacay tothe Riuer of Daycao 120. leagues, all hillie 
Countrie. | 
From the Port de Spiritu Santo vnto Apalache, they 


Sadia trauelled from Eaft to Weft, and Northweft. From — 


Cutifachigqui to Xuala from South to North. From 

Xualato Coca from Eaft to Welt. From Coca to T a/ca- 

luca,and to Rio Grande, as far asthe Prouinces of QuiX- 

quix and Aguixofrom Eaft to Welt. From W4qaixo to 
Pacahatothe North. From Pacabato Talla from Eat 

to Weft: and from T#U/sto Autiamgue from Northto 

South,to the Prouince of Gaachoyaand Daycao, 

The bread which they eateia all the land of Florida 

Maiz, is of Maiz, which islike courfe millet. And this Maiz 
is commonin all the Iflandes and Weft Indies from 

the Antiles forward. There are alfo in. Florida great 

Walnuts, ftore of Walnuts, and Plummes, Mulberries, and 
Pumas, — Grapes. They fow and gather their Maizeuery one 
Grapes, theirfeucrall crop. The fruits arecommontoall: for 
they grow abroad in the opén fields in great abun- 

dance, without any neede of planting or dreffing. 

Cheftauts. WheretherebeMountaines,there be cheftnuts they 
are fomewhat {maller then rhe cheftnuts of Spaine.Fro 

Rio Grande Weltward, the Walnuts differ fromthofe 
soft Walours that grow more Eaftward: for they are\foft, andlike 
Eabwardo™ yvnto Acornes: Andthofe which grow from Rie Gran- 
Hard Walnuts ae t0 Puerto del Spiritu Santo for the moft partarehard 
Wetward andthe treesand Walnuts in thew like thofe of Spaine. 
Gunde,  ‘Thereisafruitthroughall the Countrie which grow- 
eth ona plant like Ligoacan, which the Indians doe 

A Peare rial, plant. ‘Thefruit islike vnto Peares Riall: ithathave- 
. rie good{mell,andan excellent tafte. There groweth 

Bee pes: -another 


; ne . 

_— nextadtoyning to‘Virginia. 179 

another plancinthe open field, which beareth a fruit: 

like vnto flrawberries, clofe to the ground,which hath strawberries, 
averie good tafte. The Plummes are of twokindes, Plummés of 
red and gray, ofthe making and bignefle of nuts, and ‘kinds. 
haue three or foureftones inthem. Thefeare better — 

then all the plummes of Spaine, and they make farre 

better Prunes ofthem. In the Grapes there is onelie 

want of dreffing : for though they beebig, they haue 

a greatkirnell. Allother fruits are very perfect, and 

leffe hurtfull chen thofe of Spine. 

There are in Florida many Beares, and Lyons, seats. 
Wolues, Deere, Dogges, Cattes, Marterns and 
Conies.. < 

There be many wild Hennesas big as Turkies, Par- Fowlcs. 
_ ttidges finall like thofe of 4frica, Cranes, Duckes, 
Pigeons, Thrufhes,and Sparrowes. There are certaine 
Blacke birds bigger then Sparrows, and leffer then 
Stares. Thereare Goffe Hawkes, Falcons, Ierfalcons, 
andall Fowles of prey that are in Spasne. | 

The Indians are well proportioned. Thofe of the 
plaine Countries are taller of bodie,and better fhapen, 
then thofe of the Mountaines. Thofe of theInland 
haue greater ftoreof Maiz, and commodities of the 
Countrie, then thofe that dwell vpon the fea coatt. 

The Countrie along the fea coaft is barren and poore: 
and the people more warlike. The coaft runneth 
from Puerto del Spiritu Santo to Tapalache, Eaft and 
Weft. and from U4palache to Rio de las Palmas from 
Eaft to Welt : from Rio de las Palmas vito Nuena Efpan- 
na from North to South. It is a gentle coaft, butit 
hath many fholdes, and great fhelues of fand. 
Deo gratias. 


This. 


. wo Lheds/conerie of Florida, 
’ This Relation of the difcouerie of Frida was prin- 
ted in the houfe of Andrew de Burgos,Printer and Gen- 
tleman of the houfe of my Lord ages the In- 


fante. _ 
_ Te was finifhed the tenth if Februarie in n the — 


-yeere one thouland, fiue hundred, — ‘ 
andfeuen, in the nobleand mott 
loyall citie oe tb 
Enord.- \ ASS 


FINIS. - 


Sn al 
_ 
Ko aye 


ae 
PAP DIAZ 


g 


ry ra us 2 
x RDaleane a: ain 
Olea Ph» sf Ke s 

aa pth 


Sec nile =m 
AS CS hts oO” 
. . 


L 
AY 


Ars: 


if tae SG Seal 3 


soa sitadn otocteato slosh hp 
CHR BRED We 
—ER SI Le Y VAN GIN Swan 


Beetros eres 


Seebocses 


ee 
ye esey 


Alnesiegies x : 


NOY 


S45, 


VAS 
By oe ¢ 


t 


