RAW DOWNLOAD (complete file, unedited except for this header)
DESCRIPTION: Burrage (ed.), Early English and French Voyages 1534-1608 (1906), complete uncorrected OCR (contains Brereton's Gosnold relation but NOT the Mace note)
URL FETCHED: https://archive.org/download/earlyenglishand01haklgoog/earlyenglishand01haklgoog_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
==============================================================================

Google 



This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project 

to make the world's books discoverable online. 

It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject 

to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books 

are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often difficult to discover. 

Marks, notations and other maiginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the 

publisher to a library and finally to you. 

Usage guidelines 

Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the 
public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing tliis resource, we liave taken steps to 
prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying. 
We also ask that you: 

+ Make non-commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for 
personal, non-commercial purposes. 

+ Refrain fivm automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine 
translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the 
use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. 

+ Maintain attributionTht GoogXt "watermark" you see on each file is essential for in forming people about this project and helping them find 
additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. 

+ Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just 
because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other 
countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of 
any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner 
anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liabili^ can be quite severe. 

About Google Book Search 

Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers 
discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web 

at |http: //books .google .com/I 



■T- / 0:i\AL SA RA.A Ti V i. i> Of 
ARLV AMERirAV Hi STOP Y 



EARLY ENGLISH AND 
" FRENCH VOYAG 



.307 

'' - . - 
I 



ORIGINAL NARRATIVES 
OF EARLY AMERICAN HISTORY 

REPRODUCED UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE 
AMERICAN HISTORICAL ASSOCIATION 

General Editor, J. FRANKUN JAMESON, Ph.D., LL.D. 

DnscTOX or thb dbtaxtmbnt or historical kbsxasch in thb 

CAJUraCIB INSTITUTION Or WASHINGTON 



EARLY ENGLISH AND FRENCH VOYAGES 

1534 — 1608 







THE 




THIRD AND LAST 

VOLVME OF THE VOY- 
AGES, NAVIGATIONS, TRAF^ 

fiqueS;, and Difcouerfes of the 6ngli/Ij ^ationj and in 
iome few placcs^wherc they haucnot bccn,of ftrangcrs,pcr- 

formcd within and before the time ofthefc hundred yecrcs, to all 

pins of ihc iS^er.fetmd world o^tAntrrtrmjtw the H\fi h.ilet, tiotn 75. 
drgreei ot Nonhcrly to jj.ot'Southcriy latitude: 

As namely ro Engronhnd, Meta Incognita , E^ot'tland^ 

Tierra de Labrador^J^w/oundland,vp Tl)e grand bay, the gulfc ofS.Lau' 

fffue^nd the Rxuer olOmasU to Hochelag4 and Ssguenay^zXon^ the coafl of Ardm^ 

htcjto cbc Hiores and nuinct <^(VtrgmtMZTkil FitridM^Aini on ti;c VVclt or backfdc of them 

both, CO the tich tnd plcafanc countries ofNttem TUfctn^flihoU^ i^nex,Cicnu^ 

QmUurMfio t!ic 1 5 .proutnccs of the kinndome of New Mexico^xQ che 

boaomeofche gulfc of Ctf/i/oniM^and vp the 

KiwttcSBuetiJi Cum: 

And likewife to all the yies both fmall and great ly ^ng before the 

cape of Floridg,Thehiyo{Mexieo,ii\ATierrdJirmd,io the coafls and Inlands 

otjVefPeSpsttietTfen'dfrm.t^tndGittatiMf vp the mighfy Kiucnoi' Oren^ne, 

Di(f<k^^ and M.train.mj to cuciy pait nf'the ccisft nf^^fU ,.co the lUuer oiTUu , 

dvou);h ihc ScrcicKtsof .%/4;WU» furwarJ and back war<l,and cothc 

South of ciie faid Sir eights abfarrc at S7.dcgrec»: 

And from thence on the backfide of America, along the coade^ Jiarbonrs, 

and capes o^ChtltJ*trn^NiCMrMgiui,NuenAKf^AnnM^tieuA GMhaa^Cmltae^ut, 
Cslftrmsfi^uM ^lbi.-nfli\ix more Nonhcrly at farre as 4| dc^eo: 

Togcsiiet with the two rcnownied, and profpcrous voyages of Sir Fr.vicisVr*kf 
and VLThemtt l^ptlfb round alxiut the c ircumCerence of tlie wliolc canli, and 
diuen ocher voyages intended and fct fbiih for tlutcourie. 

CoAn^A/^f Richard HAKLvrrPreMer^smlfimetimes 
ftudent of Chrifl-Cburch in Oxford. 




^ Imprinted at London by (jeotge^ifljoffR^lfe 

]^2e>^fr/yyand Robert Barker* 



Anmo Dok, z^o. 






K.'ic-.-::n:!'3 . f the Titk'-I'avru of the Third, cr Anierican, V-Iu:r.- ^-f H-ikluyt's 
•• v\.y:ig,/s." cditi' n vf !5v8-lo00. From a copy of the original edition in 
the New Y:rk F'ublic Library ( Lencx Building). 



ORIGINAL NARRATIVES 
OF EARLY AMERICAN HISTORY 



EARLY ENGLISH 
AND FRENCH VOYAGES 



CHIEFLY FROM HAKLUYT 



1534-1608 



EDITED BY 



* . 



HENRY S;'BURRAGE, D.D. 

4 

OF THX MAINS HISTORICAL SOCIBTy 



U^ITH MAPS AND A FACSIMILE 
REPRODUCTION 



CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS 
NEW YORK 1906 



COPYRIGHT, 1906, BY 
CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS 



Published, November, 1906 









NOTE 

Ik the texts printed in this volume, the modem practice in the 
use of tf and v and of t and j respectively has been substituted for 
the practice of Hakluyt and the other original writers ; also, and 
has been printed instead of the sign &. In other respects, the 
spelling of the originals has been followed. 

Special acknowledgments and thanks are due to the Gorges 
Society for permission to use their text of Rosier's RekUion of 
Waymouth's voyage of 1605, that of the Relation of the Popham 
Colony of 1607-1608, and the plan of Fort St. George given, after 
the original in the Spanish archives, in their Sagadahoc volume. 
Some typographical errors in the first-named of these have, by 
permission of Mr. George Parker Winship, been corrected from 
the text printed in his SaUor$^ Narratives of New England Voyages^ 
published by Messrs. Houghton, Mi£9in and Company (Boston, 
1906^, direct collation with the original having been, at the time 
of printing, possible to only a small extent. 

W. Km J. 



CONTENTS 

ORIGINAL NARRATIVES OF EARLY ENGLISH AND 

FRENCH VOYAGES 

Editsd bt Hkhrt S. Bub&aqb, D.D. 

FAOB 

Ihtboduction zvii 

Ths Fibst Relation of Jaques Carthier or S. Malo ... 1 

Introduction 8 

Cartier'8 Approach to Newfonndland 4 

His Description of the East Coast 6 

The Strait of Belle Isle and the South Coast of Labrador ... 7 

The West Coast of Newfoundland 8 

Cartier crosses the Gulf of St. Lawrence 18 

From Prince Edward Island he passes north along the New Bruns- 
wick and Canadian Coast 17 

Gives an Account of the Natives 19 

Erects a Cross near the Mouth of the St Lawrence . • • • 24 

Explores the Coast of Anticosti 26 

Examines further the South Coast of Labrador 27 

Returns to France through the Strait of Belle Isle .... 29 

A Shorts and Briefs Narration (Cartibr's Second Voyage) . 88 

Introduction 85 

Cartier again reaches Newfoundland 88 

Re-enters the Gulf of St. Lawrence 88 

Explores the Shores of the Gulf on the North and West ... 89 

Discovers the St. Lawrence River 41 

Explores it as far as the Site of Quebec 48 

Holds Intercourse with the Natives 46 

Ascends the River in Boats to Hochelaga 54 

Description of the Town 59 

Cartier's Reception by the Indians There 61 

Falls in the River prevent his farther Advance 68 

Returns to his Vessels ; goes into Winter Quarters 64 

Faith, Manners, and Customs of the People 66 

Description of the Countiy 69 

Carder loses Twenty-five of his Men by Scurvy 72 

vli 



vui CONTENTS 

FAOB 

Experiences with the Indians 77 

Captures the Chief Donnacona and Some of his Subjects ... 81 

Promises to return the Captives in the next Year . . ; . 82 

Descends the River and sails for France 84 

Specimens of the Language of the Indians on the St. Lawrence . 86 

The Third Votage of Discovery made by Captaike Jaques 

Cartier 89 

Introduction 91 

Cartier returns to the St. Lawrence 93 

Announces the Death of the Captive Indian Chief .... 96 

The Fertility and Products of the Country 97 

Further Exploration along the River 99 

The Indians Conspire against the French 101 

The Narration abruptly Closes 102 

The Voyage of M. Hore 103 

Introduction 105 

The Expedition sails from Gravesend 106 

M. Dawbeny's Report to M. Richard Hakluyt 107 

Famine ; Seizure of a French Vessel ; the Return .... 108 
Henry VIIL afterward recompenses the Frenchmen . . . .110 

The Voyage made by M. John Hawkins, Esquire . . .111 

Introduction 113 

Hawkins sails to the African Coast; secures a Cargo of Slaves . .114 

Sells these Slaves in the West Indies ; reaches the West End of Cuba 114 

Passes along the Northern Part of Cuba 115 

Crosses to the Eastern Coast of Florida 117 

Visits the French Huguenot Colony on the St. John River . .119 

Hardships of the French Colonists 122 

The Colonists relieved by Hawkins 124 

Products of the Country 125 

Some of the Animals found There 127 

Hawkins sails homeward by the way of the Newfoundland Fishing 

Grounds 131 

The Third Troublesome Voyage made with the Jesub or Lubec 133 

Introduction 135 

Hawkins again sails for the African Coast 137 

With a Cargo of Slaves he crosses to the West Indies and the Spanish 

Main 139 

Is driven to the Eastern Coast of Mexico 140 

Engages the Spanish Fleet in the Harbor of San Juan de Ulua 143 
Escapes ; returns past Florida to Spain and England . . .145 

The World encompassed by Sir Francis Drake (California) . 149 



CONTENTS ix 

FAOB 

Iktroduction 151 

On the Calif omia Coast 154 

Anchors '* in a convenient and fit Harbor " 155 

The People of the Country 158 

Their Manner of Life 161 

Their f/io^ or King 164 

Drake's Reception 166 

Character of the People 170 

A Monument erected as a Token of English Possession . • . 171 

A Report of the Voyage of Sir Humfrey Gilbert. Knight, by 

Master Edward Haies 175 

Iwtroduction 177 

The Claim of England to the American Coast 179 

Encouragement for English Exploration and Colonization . . . 180 

Sir Humphrey Gilbert's First Endeavor 185 

His Second Expedition 186 

Orders given to the Fleet Captains 189 

Gilbert plans to approach by way of Newfoundland • • . . 190 

Sails from England 192 

Arrives in St. John Harbor 196 

Takes Possession of the Country 198 

Description of Newfoundland and its Products 200 

GDbert proceeds Southward for further Exploration .... 207 

Loss of the Delight at Cape Breton 210 

Gilbert decides to return to England 214 

His Vessel founders; Gilbert is Drowned 219 

Character of GUbert 221 

The First Voyage made to the Coasts or Amebioa, by Captain 

Arthur Barlowe 223 

Ihtboduction 225 

The Expedition arrives in Pamlico Sound 228 

The Natives of the Country 280 

Their Manners and Customs 231 

Their Tovms and Neighbors 237 

Roanoke Island 240 

The Return to England 240 

Account of the Particularities of the Imfloybtentb of the 

Englishmen left in Virginia, by Master Ralph Lane . 243 

Introduction 245 

Extent of Exploration by the Colonists 247 

Pearls and other Commodities for Traffic 249 

Conspiracy of the Indians against the English 252 



X CONTENTS 

PAoa 

Inquiry for Minerals 254 

A Better Harbor Desired 257 

Growing Hostility of the Indians 259 

Pemisapan's Conspiracy 262 

Pemisapan and his Followers Slain 267 

Drake's Fleet arrives and takes the Colonists back to England . . 268 

The Third Voyage to Virginia 273 

Introduction 275 

Balegh sends Relief to the Colony, bat as the Colonists had returned 

to England the Relief Ship sails Homeward 276 

Grenville, not finding the Colonists, leaves Fifteen Men with Provi- 
sions and returns to England 277 

The Fourth Voyage made to Virginia in the Yere 1587, by 

Governor John White 279 

Introduction 281 

The Expedition proceeds westward by way of the West Indies . . 282 

Reaches Roanoke Island; fails to find Gren villa's Men . . . 287 

Inquiries among the Indians 289 

Friendly Indians attacked under Misapprehension .... 202 

Governor White constrained to return for Supplies .... 204 

The Homeward Voyage ^05 

Names of all the Men, Women, and Children left at Roanoke Island 208 

The Fifth Voyage of M. John White 301 

Introduction 303 

White's Letter to Hakluyt 305 

Sails by way of the Canaries and West Indies 307 

Various Experiences in the West Indies 308 

On the American Coast 313 

Captain Spicer and Six Others drowned at Hatorask .... 315 
Grovemor White finds None of the Colonists left at Roanoke Island 

in 1587 317 

Sails for the West Indies for Supplies, but is driven by a Storm 

toward the Azores 320 

Reaches the Azores ; proceeds to England 321 

Briefe and True Relation of the Discoverie of the North 

Part of Virginia, by John Brereton 325 

Introduction 327 

Grosnold reaches the Coast in Lat. 43°; sails Southward . . . 330 

Passing Cape Cod aud Martha's Vineyard he lands at Cuttyhunk . 331 

In Buzzard's Bay 335 

Trades with the Indians 336 

Loads his Vessel with Sassafras, etc., and sails Homeward . . 339 



CONTENTS xi 

FAGS 

A VOTAGB BET OUT FROM THE CiTIE OF BrISTOLL, BT MaRTIN PrING 341 

Introduction 343 

Pring's Landfall on the Maine Coast 845 

Sailing sonth he enters Plymouth Harbor 846 

Experiences with the Indians ; their Appearance and Boats . • 347 

Products of the Conntiy 840 

Loads One of his Vessels with Sassafras - 850 

Betoms to England 351 

A True Belation of the Voyage of Captains George Way- 
mouth, BY James Bosier 358 

Introduction 355 

Bosier's Preface 357 

Wajmouth sails from Batcliffe on the Thames 359 

Sights Sankaty Head| Nantucket 361 

At Monheg^, driven thither by Contrary Winds .... 362 

Anchors in St. Greorge's Harbor 364 

Fishes and Fruits 365 

Visited by Indians 367 

Waymouth discovers a Great Biver 369 

Traffics with the Indians 370 

Description of their Women and Children 373 

Waymouth visits the Indians 376 

Captures Five Indians in St. Greorge's Harbor 378 

Ascends the Biver in his Vessel 379 

Attractiveness and Characteristics of the Biver 381 

Sets up a Cross where the Biver " trended westward "... 386 

Beluctantly leaves the Biver 387 

Betums to St. Greorge's Harbor 389 

Sails homeward with his Indian Captives 390 

Concerning the Products of the Country 393 

A Belation of a Voyage to Sagadahoc 395 

Introduction 397 

The Popham Colonists sail for the Maine Coast by way of the Azores 399 

Land is sighted on the Coast of Nova Scotia 401 

The Mary and John at Cape Sable 404 

The Camden Mountains are Sighted 405 

The Mary and John anchors in St. Greorge's Harbor ; also the Gift . 406 

Chaplain Seymour delivers a Sermon 407 

The Vessels sail for the Kennebec ; the Gift enters the Biver . 408 
The Mary and John passes to the westward of Seguin, and enters the 

Biver Three Days Later 409 

TTie Patent is read and Laws are Promulgated 411 

Tha Colonists explore the Coast to the Westward . • . .412 



xii CONTENTS 

PAOI 

Pemaquid Indians visit the Colonists 413 

Gilbert and Others explore the Coast to the Eastward ; also the Saga- 
dahoc River 413 

The Relation abruptly Ends 415 

Continuation from Strachey; conflict with Sabenoa .... 416 

The Completion of Fort St George 418 

Its Abandonment .•••.•••••. 419 



MAPS AND FACSIMILE REPRODUCTION 

1. Facsimile of the Titlb-Paob of the Third, or American, 

Volume of Hakluyt's "Voyages," Edition of 1508-1600. 
From a copy of the original edition in the New Tork Public Library 
(Lenox Building) FnmHtpieee 

TAQM 

2. Map of ^ Virginia," /.it, the Region of the Ralegh Colonies, 

made bt John White in 1585 or 1586. From the Hakluyt 
Society's reproduction of the original in the British Museum . 248 

3. Flan of St. George's Fort, on the Kennebec River, sent in 

1608 TO King Philip 111. of Spain bt his Ambassador in 
London. From the Grorges Society's reproduction of the original 
in the Spanish archiyes at Simancas •••••• 412 



xili 



ORIGINTAL NARRATIVES OF EARLY 
ENGLISH AND FRENCH VOYAGES 



INTRODUCTION 

With three exceptions, all the voyages recorded in this 
volume were made by English navigators. These three ex- 
ceptions — the narratives of Cartier's voyages — were of so 
much importance in western discovery, however, that they are 
very properly included here, and for the same reason, doubtless, 
that they were included by Hakluyt, three himdred years ago, 
in his PrincipaU Navigations, Voiages and Discoveries of the 
English Nation. Indeed for most of the material contained in 
this volume we are indebted to Hakluyt's monumental work. 
This sense of indebtedness, strong even among English-speak- 
ing people in Hakluyt's lifetime, was never stronger than in 
these days when the student of history in his investigations 
rightly insists on going back to the sources. 

Hakluyt was really one of the great men of England in the 
sixteenth century. He saw, and he saw clearly, that western 
discovery afforded to his nation a great opportunity for extend- 
ing English dominion and power. The quahty of Hakluyt's 
mind pecuharly fitted him for a work that made him the reposi- 
tory of large information with reference to various parts of the 
new world. Bom in 1552 or 1553, he was educated at West- 
minster School and Christ Church College, Oxford, which he 
entered in 1570, and where he took his B.A. degree February 
19, 1574, and his M.A. degree Jime 27, 1577. Even while a 
Queen's scholar at Westminster, ''that fruitful nurserie," 
as he tells us, when one day visiting his cousin, Mr. Richard 

zyU 



xviu EARLY ENGLISH AND FRENCH VOYAGES 

Hakluyt, "a Gentleman of the Middle Temple," he found upon 
his table "certeine bookes of Cosmographie with a universal 
Mappe." These awakened his curiosity and stimulated his 
desire to know more concerning them. In meeting this de- 
sire his cousin cited the passage in the one hundred and seventh 
Psalm concerning those who go down into the sea in ships. 
''The words of the Prophet/' says Hakluyt, "together with 
my cousin's discourse (things of high and rare delight to my 
young nature), tooke so deepe an impression that I constantly 
resolved, if ever I were preferred to the University, where better 
time and more convenient place might be ministered for these 
studies, I would by God's assistance prosecute that knowledge 
and kinde of literature, doores whereof (after a sort) were so 
happily opened before me." * 

That resolution Hakluyt kept, and how well he kept it is 
indicated by the fact that at length he was made university 
lecturer on cosmography. In the dedication of his Divers 
Voyages, etc., his earliest printed work for the furtherance of 
English maritime exploration, Hakluyt, in a dedication of the 
work to Sir Philip Sidney, says : ''In my public lectures I was 
the first that produced and showed both the olde imperfectly 
composed and the new lately reformed mappes, globes and 
spheares." In other words, Hakluyt was a forerunner in such 
instruction, and we have in this statement a glimpse of the 
strong workings of his mind in the endeavor to widen his own 
horizon and to widen the horizon of his countrymen by direct- 
ing the attention to lands beyond the seas, available for Eng- 
lish exploration and colonization. Nothing was more evident 
than that Spain, because of her western discoveries and posses- 
sions, had greatly increased her wealth and influence. But 
the rights of England to the American continent Hakluyt 
believed ante-dated those of Spain by reason of the discoveries 
of Cabot. England, however, had been remiss in making good 

* Preface to The Princtpall Navigations, etc., published in 1589. 



DfTBODUCTION 

her claim. It is true that there had been vo]rages like those 
of Hawkins and Drake ; but Hakluyt had in mind something 
entirely aside from slave-stealing and selling and the plunder- 
ing of Spanish ships and Spanish settlements. He saw the 
gain that would come to England by seizing on the American 
coast the vast territory between the Spanish settlements at 
the South and the French settlements at the North ; and ac- 
cordingly he sought^ in all possible ways^ to impress his views 
upon the minds of influential men in all parts of the kingdom. 
It was in support of these views that he published in 1582 his 
first small book. Divers Voyages touching the Discoverie of 
America. 

Hakluyt early took clerical orders. Soon after he left Ox- 
ford, while he was occupied chiefly with geographical lecturing, 
the attention of Walsingham, Elizabeth's astute Secretary of 
State, was directed to the yoxmg cosmographer, and a letter of 
Walsingham to Hakluyt, dated March 11, 1582/3, commended 
his geographical studies and thanked him for the service he 
had rendered in his efforts "for the discovery of the Western 
partes yet imknowen." 

In 1584, Hakluyt wrote his Discourse of Western Planting, 
which he designated "A Particular discourse concerning the 
great necessitie and manifold comodyties that are like to growe 
to this Realme of Englande by the Westeme discoveries lately 
attempted." * This masterly Discourse was written at the 
request of Sir Walter Ralegh, and inasmuch as a manuscript 

* At least four manuscript copies of the Discourse were made by Hakluyt. 
It was never printed by him. Indeed no copy was known to have been 
preserved until the sale of Lord Valentia's library, near the middle of the 
last century, when one was bought by Mr. Henry Stevens, who litter sold 
it to Sir Henry Phillipps. When PresiUent Woods of Bowdoin College was 
in England, in 1867, in search of materials relating to the early history of 
Maine, an ^plication to Mr. Phillipps for any such material in his posses- 
sion revealed the existence of Hakluyt's Discourse, and Dr. Woods secured 
a copy of the manuscript, which he brought to this coimtry. The Discourse 
was published by the Maine Historical Society in 1877, as Volume II. of its 
Doeumenlary History of Maine. 



XX EAELT ENGLISH AND FRENCH VOYAGES 

copy of it was presented to the Queen by Hakluyt in the early 
autumn of 1584, it has been thought that it was designed to 
secure Elizabeth's support of an enterprise which Ralegh pur- 
posed to set on foot under his patent of March 25, 1584. Hak- 
luyt's breadth of view, his great knowledge of what had already 
been done, and his profound conviction with reference to the 
favorable opportunity which western planting still afforded to 
his countrymen, are conspicuous upon every page of this learned 
Discourse. 

Already, in 1583, Hakluyt had enlarged his opportunity 
for prosecuting his favorite studies by accepting an appoint- 
ment as chaplain to Sir Edward Stafford, English ambassador 
to France. Accompanying Sir Edward to Paris, Hakluyt re- 
mained five years at the French capital, continuing his in- 
quiries with reference to the new world. In 1586, he pubhshed 
in the French language an accoimt of the voyages of Laudon- 
niere and others, which he translated and published in English 
in 1587, under the title, Foure Voyages unto Florida. In the 
same year he brought out an edition of Peter Martjrr's De 
Novo Orhe. This also he translated into Enghsh and pubhshed 
imder the title, The Historic of the West Indies. 

As the ripened fruit of the labors of nearly twenty years, 
Hakluyt, on his return to England, published in 1589 his great 
work. The PrindpaU Navigations, Voiages and Discoveries of 
the English nation, made by Sea or over Land, to the most remote 
and farthest distant Qu4irters of the earth at any time within the 
compasse of these 1500 yeeres.^ An enlarged edition in three 
volumes was published in 1598, 1599, and 1600. Hakluyt 
had taken pains not only to keep himself informed with refer- 
ence to the work of navigators and explorers, but to have 
narrations of their voyages made and to secure copies of such 
narrations. Because of his wide acquaintance in influential 



yeres 



^ In Volume II. of the next edition the title-page read " 1600 



INTRODUCTION 

circles, his opportunities in this endeavor were great^ and he 
improved them to the utmost extent. 

Hakluyt was made a prebendary of Bristol in 1586, rector 
of Wetheringset in Suffolk in 1590 ; in 1602 he was made a 
prebendary, in 1603 archdeacon, of Westminster. He died at 
Eaton, in Herefordshire, November 23, 1616, and was buried 
in Westminster Abbey, November 26, 1616. His unpubhshed 
papers came into the possession of Samuel Purchas, who used 
them in the preparation of his well-known PUgrimes. 

Hakluyt's PrindpaU NavigationSj in an edition embracing 
all the contents of both the edition of 1589 and that of 1598- 
1600, was reprinted in London in 1809. A part, edited by 
Edmund Goldsmid, was pubhshed in Edinburgh in 1889 and 
1890, entitled The Voyages of the English Nation to America 
before the Year 1600. The whole work, after the edition of 
1598-1600, in sixteen volumes "with notes, indices and nu- 
merous additions," edited by Edmund Goldsmid, was repub- 
lished at the same time. Messrs. James MacLehose and Sons 
of Glasgow, the Hakluyt Society of London, and The Macmillan 
Company of New York and London, have united in the publi- 
cation (1903-1905) of a very handsome edition of the whole 
work in twelve volumes with many interesting illustrations. 

My grateful acknowledgments are due to Messrs. Dodd, 
Mead and CJompany, New York, for an early opportunity of 
examining the sheets of Mr. Baxter's scholarly work, ''A Me- 
moir of Jacques Cartier." In this examination much valuable 
help was received for the preparation of notes identifying the 
places visited by Cartier in his three voyages of discovery. 
For the use of books I am indebted to the State Library in 
Augusta, the library of Bowdoin College, the library of Colby 
Collie, and especially to the library of the Maine Historical 
Society ; and I would not fail to mention the latter's librarian, 
Mr. H. W. Bryant. The superintendent of the United States 



xxii EABLY ENGLISH AND FRENCH VOYAGES 

CSoast and Geodetic Survey, Mr. O. H. Tittmann, has rendered 
me prompt and efficient service in the identification of places 
in the West Indies visited by the early voyagers ; and a like 
acknowledgment is made to Rear-Admiral Albert S. Barker, 

U.S.N. (retired). 

Hbnby S. Bubbage. 



THE FIRST RELATION OF JAQUES CAR 

THIER OF S., MALO, 1534 



INTRODUCTION 

Jacques Cartier was a native of St. Malo, the principal 
port of Brittany. On fishing voyages in his earlier years 
he became interested in western discovery, and in 1633, in a 
letter addressed to Philippe de Chabot, Sienr de Brion, High 
Admiral of France, he proposed a voyage to the American coast, 
continuing the discoveries commenced by Verrazano in 1524. 
Through him the interest of the king was enlisted in the enter- 
prise ; and with two vessels, of sixty tons each, Cartier sailed 
from the port of St. Malo, April 20, 1634. A report of this voy- 
age, written either by Cartier himself or by one of his com- 
panions, was preserved in an Italian translation by Ramusio, 
in the third volume of his Navigalioni, folio 435 et aeqq. (Venice, 
1556). An EngUsh translation by Jean Florio was printed in 
London in 1580. The French edition published by Raphael 
du Petit Val appeared in 1598, Discours du Voyage fait par 
le Capitaine Jaques Cartier (Rouen, 1598 ; reprinted in various 
editions of Lescarbot, and also at Quebec in 1843 and at 
Paris in 1840 and in 1865). Hakluyt's account of the voyage 
appeared first in his edition of 1600. A relation of Car- 
tier's first voyage in manuscript was discovered in the 
Biblioth^que Nationale in Paris in 1867, and was published 
the same year. Messrs. Dodd, Mead and Company (New York, 
1906) have published A Memoir of Jacques Cartier by Hon. 
James P. Baxter, Litt.D., in which, besides the memoir and 
a bibliography, will be found a facsimile of this manuscript 
with annotations — a very valuable work. 

H. S. B. 



8 



THE FIRST RELATION OF JAQUES CAR- 

THIER OF S. MALO, 1534 

The first relation of J agues Carthier of S. Mato, of the new 
land called New France, newly discovered in the yere of our 
Lord 1634. 

How M. Jaques Carthier departed from the Port of S. Malo, 
with two ships, and came to Newfoundland, and how 
he entred into the Port of Buona Vista. 

After that Sir Charles of Mouy knight lord of Meylleraye, 
and Viceadmirall of France had caused the Captaines, Masters, 
and Mariners of the shippes to be swome to behave themselves 
truely and faithfully in the service of the most Christian King 
of France,* under the charge of the sayd Carthier, upon the 
twentieth day of Aprill 1534, we departed from the Port of 
S. Malo with two ships of threescore tim apiece burden, and 61 
well appointed men in each one: and with such prosperous 
weather we sailed onwards, that upon the tenth day of May 
we came to Newfoundland, where we entred into the Cape of 
Buona Vista,' which is in latitude 48 degrees and a halfe, and 
in longitude .' But because of the great store of the ice 
that was alongst the sayd land, we were constrayned to enter 
into an haven called S. Katherins* haven, distant from the 
other Port about five leagues toward Southsoutheast : there 
did we stay tenne days looking for f aire weather ; and in the 
meanwhile we mended and dressed our boats. 

* Francis I. 

' A point of land on the eastern shore of Newfoundland between Bona- 
vista Bay and Trinity Bay. It was the point at which the early voyagers 
aimed in coming to the coast, and from which they took their departure. By 
some it has been regarded as the prima vista of Cabot, while others have found 
in it the landfall of Cortereal in 1501. 

' Blank in the original. * Catalina at present. 

4 



1534] CARTIER'S FIRST VOYAGE 



How we came to the Island of Birds, and of the great 

quantity of birds that there be. 

Upon the 21 of May the winde being in the West, we hoised 
saile, and sailed toward North ^ and by East from the cape of 
Buona Vista imtil we came to the Island of Birds,' which was 
environed about with a banke of ice, but broken and crackt : 
notwithstanding the sayd banke, our two boats went thither to 
take in some birds, whereof there is such plenty, that imlesse a 
man did see them, he would thinke it an incredible thing : for 
albeit the Island (which containeth about a league in circuit) be 
so full of them, that they seeme to have been brought thither, 
and sowed for the nonce, yet are there an hundred folde as 
many hovering about it as within ; some of the which are as 
big as jayes, blacke and white, with beaks like imto crowes : 
they lie alwayes upon the sea ; they cannot flie very high, 
because their wings are so little, and no bigger then half e ones 
hand, yet they do fide as swiftly as any birds of the aire levell 
to the water ; they are also exceeding fat ; we named them 
Aporath.* In lesse then halfe an houre we filled two boats full 
of them, as if they had bene with stones : so that besides them 
which we did eat fresh, every ship did powder and salt five 
or sixe barrels full of them. 



Of two sorts of birds, the one called Godetz, the other 
Margaulx; and how we came to Carpimt. 

Besides these, there is another kinde of birds which hover 
in the aire, and over the sea, lesser than the others ; and these 
doe all gather themselves together in the Island, and put them- 
selves imder the wings of other birds that are greater : these 

* Evidently Cartier had no knowledge of a southern entrance to the Gulf 
of St. Lawrence. 
'Funk Island. 
' Perhaps the great auk, then common in that region. 



6 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1634 

we named Godetz.* There are also of another sort, but bigger, 
and white, which bite even as dogs : those we named Marganbc.* 
And albeit the sayd Island be 14 leagues from the maine land, 
notwithstanding beares come swimming thither to eat of the 
sayd birds : and our men f oimd one there as great as any cow,* 
and as white as any swan, who in their presence leapt into the 
sea ; and upon Whitsunmimday (following our voyage toward 
the land) we met her by the way, swimming toward land as 
swiftly as we could saile. So soone as we saw her, we piu^ued 
her with our boats, and by maine strength tooke her, whose 
flesh was as good to be eaten as the flesh of a calf of two yeres 
olde. The Wednesday following, being the 27 of the moneth, 
we came to the entrance of the bay of the Castles ; * but be- 
cause the weather was ill, and the great store of ice we foimd, 
we were constrained to enter into an harborow about the sayd 
entrance called Carpimt,* where, because we would not come 
out of it, we stayed til the ninth of Jime, what time we de- 
parted, hoping with the helpe of God to saile further then the 
said Carpimt, which is latitude 51 degrees. 

The description of Newfoimdland, from Cape Razo to 

Cape Degrad. 

The land from Cape Razo • to Cape Degrad,^ which is the 
point of the entrance of the bay that trendeth from head to 
head toward Northnortheast, and Southsouthwest, All this 
part of land is parted into Islands one so nere the other, that 
there are but small rivers betweene them; thorow the which 
you may passe with Uttle boats, and therefore there are certaine 
good harborows, among which are those of Carpimt and De- 
grad. In one of these Islands that is the highest of them all, 
being the top of it you may plainly see the two low Islands that 
are nere to Cape Razo, from whence to the port of Carpimt 

* Murres, or razorbills. • Gannets. ■ Urstu marUimua. 

* Strait of Belle lale. • Quirpon. 

* Cape Rouge in the French manuscript, and so called at the present time. 
' Northern extremity of Quirpon. 



1684] CARTIEB'S FIEST VOYAGE 7 

they count it five and twenty leagues ; and there are two en- 
trances thereat, one on the East, the other on the South side 
of the Island. But you must take heed of the side and point 
of the East, because that every where there is nothing els but 
shelves, and the water is very shallow : you must go about the 
Island toward the West the length of halfe a cable or there- 
about, and then to goe toward the South to the sayd Carpimt. 
Also you are to take heed of three shelves that are in the chanell 
under the water : and toward the Island on the East side in the 
chanell, the water is of three or four fadome deepe, and cleere 
ground. The other trendeth toward Eastnortheast, and on the 
West you may go on shore. 

Of the Island which is now called S. Katherins Island. 

Going from the point D^rad, and entring into the sayd bay 
toward the West and by North: there is some doubt of two 
Islands that are on the right side, one of the which is distant 
from the sayd point three leagues, and the other seven, either 
more or lesse then the first, being a low and plaine land, and it 
seemeth to be part of the maine land. I named it Saint 
Katherines Island;^ in which, toward the Northeast there is 
very dry soile ; but about a quarter of a league from it, very 
ill groimd, so that you must go a httle about. The sayd Island 
and the Port of Castles ' trend toward North northeast, and 
South southwest, and they are about 15. leagues asunder. 
From the said port of Castles to the port of Gutte,' which is in 
the northeme part of the said Bay, that trendeth toward East 
northeast, and West southwest, there are 12. leagues and an 
halfe: and about two leagues from the port of Balances,* 
that is to say, the third part athwart the saide Bay the depth 
being sounded it is about 38. fadomes : and from the said port 
of Balances to the white Sands * toward West southwest there 

' Identified by some as the island now known as Belle Isle and by others 
as Schooner Island. 

' Chateau Bay. ' Greenish Harbor. 

RoyaL * Present name. 



8 EAELY FEENCH VOYAGES [1684 

is 16. leagues, but you must take heed of a shelfe that lyeth 
about 3. leagues outward from the said white Sands on the 
Southwest side above water like a boat. 

Of the place called Blanc Sablon, or the white Sand : of the 
Iland of Brest, and of the Hand of Birds, of the 
sorts and quantitie of birds that there are found : and 
of the Port called the Islettes. 

White Sand is a Road in the which there is no place guarded 
from the South, nor southeast. But toward South southwest 
from the saide road there are two Hands, one of the which is 
called Brest Hand,* and the other the Iland of Birds, in which 
there is great store of Godetz, and crowes with red beakes and 
red f eete : they make their nestes in holes imder the groimd 
even as Conies. A point of land being passed about a league 
from white Sand, there is a Port and passage found called the 
Islettes,' a better place then white Sand : and there is great 
fishing. From the said Port of the Islettes imto another called 
Brest, the circuit is about ten leagues. This Port is in lati- 
tude 51. degrees and 55. minutes, and in longitude .* 
From the Islettes to that place there are many other Hands : 
and the saide Port of Brest is also amongst those Hands. 
Moreover the Hands do compasse more then 3. leagues from 
the said Brest, being low, and over them are the other lands 
above mentioned scene. 

How we with our ships entred into the Port of Brest, and 
sayling onward toward the West we passed amidst the 
Islettes, which were so many in number, that it was 
not possible to tell them : and how we named them 
the Islettes. 

Upon the 10. of Jime wee with our ships entred into the Port 
of Brest, to furnish our selves with water and wood, and to 

^ Named from a well-known port in Brittany ; now called Old Fort. 
' Bradore Bay. ' Blank in original. 



1684] CAETIER'S FIEST VOYAGE 9 

make us ready to passe the said Bay. Upon S. Barnabas day 
Service being heard, we with our boats went beyond the said 
Port toward the west, to see what harboroughes were there : 
wee passed through the midst of the Islettes, which were so 
many in nimiber that it was not possible they might be tolde, 
for they continued about 10. leagues beyond the said Port. 
We to rest our selves stayed in one of them a night, and there 
we found great store of ducke egges, and other birds that there 
do make their nests, we named them all The Islettes. 

Of the Port called S. Antonies Port, S. Servans Port, James 
Cartiers Port: of the river called S. James: of the 
customes and apparell of the inhabitants in the Hand 
of White Sand. 

The next day we passed the said Hands, and beyond them 
all we foimd a good haven, which we named S. Antonies Haven,* 
and one or two leagues beyond wee f oimd a Uttle river towarde 
the southwest coast, that is betweene two other Hands, and 
is a good harborough. There we set up a Crosse, and named it 
S. Servans Port : * and on the Southwest side of the said Port 
and river, about one league there is a small Hand as round as an 
Oven, environed about with many other Utle Hands that give 
notice to the said Ports. Further about two leagues there is 
another greater river, in which we tooke good store of salmon, 
that we named S. James his River. Being in the said river, 
we saw a ship of Rochel that the night before had passed the 
Port of Brest, where they thought to have gone a fishing: 
but the Mariners knew not where they were. We with our 
boats approched neere imto it, and did direct it to another 
Port one league more toward the West than the said river of 
S. James, which I take to be one of the best in all the world, and 
therefore wee named it James Carthiers Soimd.' If the soile 

' Rocky Bay. 

' Probably Shecatica Bay, which from some pomts of view has the ap- 
pearance of a large river. 
* Cumberland Bay. 



10 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1684 

were as good as the harboroughes are, it were a great com- 
moditie : but it is not to be called The new Land, but rather 
stones and wilde cragges, and a place fit for wilde beastes, 
for in all the North Iland I did not see a Cart-load of good earth : 
yet went I on shoare in many places, and in the Iland of White 
Sand, there is nothing else but mosse and small thomes scat- 
tered here and there, withered and dry. To be short, I be- 
leeve that this was the land that God allotted to Caine. There 
are men of an indifferent good stature and bignesse, but wilde 
and unruly : they weare their haire tied on the top like a wreath 
of hay, and put a wooden pinne within it, or any other such 
thing instead of a naile, and with them they binde certaine 
birdes feathers. They are clothed with beastes skinnes as well 
the men as women, but that the women go somewhat straiter 
and closer in their garments than the men do, with their 
wastes girded; they paint themselves with certaine Roan 
colours : their boates are made of the barke of birch trees, with 
the which they fish and take great store of Scales, and as farre 
as we could understand since our comming thither, that is not 
their habitation, but they come from the maine land out of 
hotter countreys, to catch the saide Scales and other neces- 
saries for their hving. 



Of certaine Capes, that is to say, The double Cape, The 
pointed Cape, Cape Royal, and The Cape of Milke : of 
the mountaines of Granges: of the Hands of Dove 
houses : and of the great fishing of Cods. 

Upon the 13. of that moneth we came to our ships againe 
with our boats on purpose to saile forwards because the weather 
was faire, and upon Simday we caused Service to be saide: 
then on munday being the 15. of the moneth we departed from 
Brest, and sailed toward the South to take a view of the lands 
that there wee had scene, that seemed unto us to bee two 
Hands : but when we were amidst the Bay, we knew it to be 
firme land, where was a great double Cape one above the other. 



1684] CAETIEE'8 FIE8T VOYAGE 11 

and therefore wee named it The double Cape.* In the en- 
trance of the Bay wee sounded^ and found it to be an hiindred 
fadome round about us. From Brest to The double Cape there 
is about 20. leagues, and about five or sixe leagues beyond we 
soimded againe and foimd 40 fadome water. The said land 
lieth Northeast and Southwest. The next day being the 16 
of the moneth we sailed along the said coast toward the South- 
west, and by South about 35 leagues from the double Cape, 
where we found very steepe and wilde hilles, among the which 
were scene certaine smal cabbans, which we in the coimtrey 
call Granges, and therefore we named them The hilles of the 
Granges.' The other lands and moimtaines are all craggie, 
cleft and cut, and betwixt them and the Sea, there are other 
Bands, but low. The day before through the darke mists 
and fogges of the weather, we could not have sight of any land, 
but in the evening we spied an entrance into the land, by a river 
among the said Hilles of Granges, and a Cape lying toward 
the Southwest about 3 leagues from us. The said Cape is on 
the top of it blimt-pointed, and also toward the Sea it endeth 
in a point, wherefore wee named it The pointed Cape,' on the 
North side of which there is a plaine Hand. And because we 
would have notice of the said entrance, to see if there were any 
good havens, we strooke saile for that night. The next day 
being the 17 of the moneth we had stormie weather from North- 
east, wherefore we tooke our way toward the Southwest untill 
thursday morning, and we went about 37 leagues, till wee 
came atiiwart a Bay full of round Hands like dove houses, and 
therefore wee named them The dove houses.* And from the 
Bay of S. Julian, from the which to a Cape that Ueth South 
and by West, which wee called Cape Roial,* there are 7. 
leagues, and toward the West southwest side of the saide Cape, 
there is another that beneath is all craggie, and above roimd. 

' Hi^ lands beyond Point Rich. Cartier was now passing down the 
north-western shore of Newfoundland. 

' Range of mountains on the western coast of Newfoundland. 

■ Cow Head. 

* Bay of Islands, south of Bonne Bay. 

^BluffHead. 



12 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1634 

On the North side of which about halfe a league there Ueth a 
low Iland : that Cape we named The Cape of milke/ Betweene 
these two Capes there are certaine low Hands, above which 
there are also certaine others that shew that there be some 
rivers. About two leagues from Cape royall wee soimded and 
foimd 20 f adome water, and there is the greatest fishing of Cods 
that possible may be: for staying for our company, in lesse 
then an houre we tooke above an hundreth of them. 



Of certaine Bands that he betweene Cape Royall, and The 

Cape of Milke. 

The next day being the 18 of the moneth, the winde with 
such rage tum^ against us, that we were constrained to go 
backe towards Cape Royal, thinking there to finde some har- 
borough, and with our boates went to discover betweene the 
Cape Royal, and the Cape of Milke, and foimd that above the 
low Bands there is a great and very deepe gulfe, within 
which are certaine Hands. The said gulfe on the South- 
side is shut up. The foresaid low groimds are on one of the 
sides of the entrance, and Cape Royal is on the other. The 
saide low grounds doe stretch themselves more then halfe a 
league within the Sea. It is a plaine coimtrey, but an ill soile : 
and in the middest of the entrance thereof, there is an Iland. 
The saide gulfe in latitude is f ourtie eight degrees and an halfe, 
and in longitude ? That night we foimd no harborough, 
and therefore wee launched out into the Sea, leaving the 
Cape toward the West. 



Of the Iland called S. John. 

From the said day untill the 24 of the moneth being 
S. Johns day we had both stormie weather and winde against 
us, with such darknesse and mistes,that untill S. Johns day, we 

^ Cape St. George. ' Blank in original. 



1654] CAETIEE'8 FIRST VOYAGE 13 

could have no sight of any land, and then we had sight of a 
Gape of land, that from Cape Royal lieth Southwest about 35 
leagues, but that day was so foggie and mistie, that we could 
not come neere land, and because it was S. Johns day, we 
named it Cape S. John/ 

Of certaine Bands called the Hands of Margaulx, and of the 
kinds of beastes and birds that there are found. Of 
the Hand of Brion, and Cape Dolphin. 

The next day being the 25. of the moneth, the weather was 
also stormie, darke, and windy, but yet we sailed a part of the 
day toward West North west, and in the evening wee put om* 
selves athwart untill the second quarter ; when as we departed, 
then did we by our compasse Imow that we were Northwest 
and by West about seven leagues and an half e from the Cape 
of S. John, and as wee were about to hoise saile, the winde turned 
into the Northwest, wherefore we went Southeast, about 15. 
leagues, and came to three Hands, two of which are as steepe 
and upright as any wall, so that it was not possible to climbe 
them : and betweene them there is a little rocke. These Hands 
were as full of birds, as any field or medow is of grasse, which 
there do make their nestes : and in the greatest of them, there 
was a great and infinite number of those that wee call Margaulx, 
that are white, and bigger then any geese, which were severed 
in one part. In the other were onely Godetz, but toward the 
shoare there were of those Godetz, and great Apponatz, like 
to those of that Hand that we above have mentioned : we went 
downe to the lowest part of the least Hand, where we killed 
above a thousand of those Godetz, and Apponatz. We put 
into our boates so many of them as we pleased, for in lesse then 
one hoiu^ we might have filled thirtie such boats of them: 
we named them The Hands of Margaulx.' About five leagues 
from the said Hands on the West, there is another Hand that 
is about two leagues in length, and so much in breadth : there 
did we stay all night to take in water and wood. That Hand 

1 Cape Anguille. ' Still known as the Bird Rocks. 



14 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1684 

is environed round about with sand, and hath a very good road 
about it three or foure fadome deepe. Those Hands have the 
best soile that ever we saw, for that one of their fields is more 
worth then all the New land. We found it all full of goodly 
trees, medowes, fields full of wild come and peason bloomed, as 
thicke, as ranke, and as faire as any can be seene in Britaine,* 
so that they seemed to have bene plowed and sowed. There 
was also a great store of gooseberies, strawberies, damaske 
roses, parseley, with other very sweete and pleasant hearbes. 
About the said Hand are very great beastes as great as oxen,' 
which have two great teeth in their mouths like unto Elephants 
teeth, and live also in the Sea. We saw one of them sleeping 
upon the banke of the water : wee thinking to take it,' went to 
it with our boates, but so soone as he heard us, he cast himself e 
into the Sea. We also saw beares and wolves : we named it 
Brions Hand.* About it toward Southeast, and Northwest, 
there are great lakes. As farre as I could gather and compre- 
hend, I thinke that there be some passage betweene New 
foimd land, and Brions land.* If so it were, it would be a great 
shortening, aswel of the time as of the way, if any perfection 
could be found in it. About foure leagues from that Hand 
toward West-Southwest is the firme land, which seemeth to 
be as an Hand compassed about with litle Hands of sands. 
There is a goodly Cape which we named Cape Dolphin,* for 
there is the beginning of good groimds. On the 27. of Jime 
we compassed the said lands about that lie West Southwest: 
and a farre off they seeme to be little hilles of sand, for they 
are but low landes : wee could neither goe to them, nor land on 
them, because the winde was against us. That day we went 
15. leagues. 

• Brittany. 

' Walrus, sometimes called morse or seahorse. 

• Now known as Byron Island. The name was given by Cartier in honor 
of his patron, Philippe de Chabot, Sieur de Brion. 

*The French manuscript has here "land of the Bretons." A passage 
between Newfoundland and the island of Cape Breton was with Cartier only 
a matter of conjecture. 

• North Point. 



1534] CAETIER'S FIRST VOYAGE 16 



Of the Hand called Alezai, and of the cape of S. Peter. 

The next day we went along the said land about 10. leagues, 
till we came to a Cape of redde land, that is all craggie, within 
the which there is a bracke looking toward the North. It is a 
very low countrey. There is also betweene the Sea and a cer- 
taine poole, a plaine field : and from that Cape of land and the 
poole unto another Cape, there are about 14 leagues. The land 
is fashioned as it were half e a circle, all compassed about with 
sand like a ditch, over which as farre as ones eye can stretch, 
there is nothing but marrish groimds and standing pooles. 
And before you come to the first Cape very neere the maine 
land there are two little Hands. About five leagues from the 
second Cape toward the Southwest, there is another Hand very 
high and pointed, which we named Alezai.^ The first Cape 
we named S. Peters Cape,^ because upon that day we came 
thither. 



Of the Gape called Cape Orleans : of the River of Boates : of 
Wilde mens Cape : and of the quahtie and temperature 
of the countrey. 

From Brions Hand to this place there is good anckorage of 
sand, and having sounded toward Southwest even to the shoare 
about five leagues, wee found twentie and five fadome water, 
and within one league twelve fadome, and very neere the shoare 
sixe fadome, rather more then lesse, and also good anckorage. 
But because wee would bee the better acquainted with this 
stonie and rockie ground, wee strooke our sailes lowe and 
athwart. The next day being the last of the moneth save one, 
the winde blewe South and by East. Wee sailed Westward 
untill Tuesday morning at Simne rising, being the last of the 
moneth, without any sight or knowledge of any lande except 
in the evening toward Simne set, that wee discovered a lande 

s Peadman'a IsUnd. ' Southwest Cape. 



16 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1684 

which seemed to be two Hands, that were beyond us West 
southwest, about mne or tenne leagues. All the next day till 
the next morning at simne rising wee sailed Westward about 
fourtie leagues, and by the way we perceived that the land we 
had scene like Hands, was firme land, lying South southeast, 
and North northwest, to a very good Cape of land called Cape 
Orleans.^ Al the said land is low and plaine, and the fairest 
that may possibly be scene, full of goodly medowes and trees. 
True it is that we could finde no harborough there, because it 
is all full of shelves and sands. We with our boats went on 
shore in many places, and among the rest wee entred into a 
goodly river, but very shallow, which we named The river of 
boats,* because that there wee saw boates full of wild men 
that were crossing the river. We had no other notice of the 
said wild men: for the wind came from the sea, and so beat 
us against the shore, that wee were constrained to retire our 
selves with our boates toward oiu* ships. Till the next day 
morning at Simne rising, being the first of July we sailed North- 
east, in which time there rose great mistes and stormes, and 
therefore wee strucke oiu* sailes till two of the clocke in the 
aftemoone, that the weather became cleare, and there we had 
sight of Cape Orleans, and of another about seven leagues 
from us, lying North and by East, and that we called Wilde 
mens Cape.' On the Northside of this Cape about halfe a 
league, there is a very dangerous shelfe, and banke of stones. 
Whilst wee were at this Cape, we sawe a man running after our 
boates that were going along the coast, who made signes imto 
us that we should retume toward the said Cape againe. We 
seeing such signes, began to tume toward him, but he seeing 
us come, began to flee : so soone as we were come on shoare, 
we set a knife before him and a woollen girdle on a little staff e, 
and then came to our ships again. That day we trended the 
said land about 9. or 10. leagues, hoping to finde some good 
harborough, but it was not possible : for as I have said already, 
it is a very low land, and environed roimd about with great 

* Cape Kad^re, • The Narrows in Richmond Bay. » North Point. 



15S4] CARTIER'S FIRST VOYAGE 17 

ghdves. Nevertheless we went that day on shore in foure 
places to see the goodly and sweete smelling trees that were 
there: we found them to be Cedars, ewetrees, Pines, white 
dmcs, asheSy willowes, with many other sorts of trees to ns im- 
knowen, but without any fruit. The grounds where no wood 
is, are very faire, and all full of peason, white and red goose- 
beries, strawberies, blackeberies, and wilde come, even like 
unto Rie, Tvhich seemed to have bene sowen and plowed. This 
coimtrey is of better temperature then any other that can be 
seene, and very hote. There are many thrushes, stockdoves, 
and other birds : to be short, there wanteth nothing but good 
haiboroughs. 



Of the Bay called S. Limario, and other notable Bayes and 
Capes of land, and of the qualitie, and goodnesse of 
those groimds. 

The next day being the second of July we discovered and 
had sight of land on the Northeme side toward us, that did 
joyne unto the land abovesaid, al compassed about, and we 
knew that it had about in depth, and as 

much athwart, and we named it S. Lunarios Bay,^ and with 
our boats we went to the Cape toward the North, and found 
the shore so shallow, that for the space of a league from land 
there was but a fadome water. On the Northeast side from 
the said Cape about 7. or 8. leagues there is another Cape 
of land, in the middst whereof there is a Bay' fashioned 
trianglewise, very deepe, and as farre off as we could ken from 
it the same Ueth Northeast. The said Bay is compassed 
about with sands and shelves about 10. leagues from land, 
and there is but two fadome water : from the said Cape to the 
bank of the other, there is about 15. leagues. We being a 
crosse the said Capes, discovered another land and Cape,* 

* Strait of Northumberland, which Cartier supposed to be a bay. 
' Miramichi. ' Blackland Point. 



18 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1684 

and as farre as we could ken, it lay North and by East. All 
that night the weather was very ill, and great winds, so 
that wee were constrained to beare a smal saile until the 
next morning, being the thirde of July when the winde 
came from the West : and we sailed Northward to have a sight 
of the land that we had left on the Northeast side, above the 
low lands, among which high and low lands there is a gulf e ^ 
or breach in some places about 55. f adome deepe, and 15. leagues 
in bredth. By reason of the great depth and bredth of the 
gulfe, and change of the lands, we conceived hope that we 
should finde a passage, like imto the passage of The Castles. 
The said gulfe lieth East Northeast, and West southwest. The 
groimd that lieth on the Southside of the said gulfe, is as good 
and easie to be manured, and fuU of as goodly fields and mea- 
dowes, as any that ever wee have seene, as plaine and smooth 
as any die : and that which lyeth on the North is a coimtrey 
altogether hilly, full of woods, and very high and great trees 
of simdry sorts: among the rest there are as goodly Cedars, 
and Firre trees, as possibly can be se^ne, able to make mastes 
for ships of three hundred Tunne : neither did we see any place 
that was not full of the saide trees, except two onely that were 
full of goodly medowes, with two very faire lakes. The mid- 
dest of the said Bay is 47. degrees and halfe in latitude. 

Of the Cape D'Esperance, or the Cape of Hope, and of S. Mar- 
tins Creeke, and how seven boats full of wilde men, 
comming to our boat, would not retire themselves, but 
being terrified with our Culverins which we shot at 
them, and our lances, they fled with great hast. 

The Cape of the said South land was called The Cape of 
Hope,^ through the hope that there we had to finde some 
passage. The foiulih of July we went along the coast of the 
said land on the Northerly side to find some harborough, where 
wee entred into a creeke altogether open toward the South, 

* Bay of Chaleur. » Point Miscou. 



104] CABTIER'S FIRST VOYAGE 19 

^ere tliere is no succour against the wind : we thought good to 
name it S. Martines Creeke. There we stayed from the fourth 
of July tintil the twelfth : while we were there, on Munday 
bong the sixth of the moneth, Service being done, wee with 
one of our boates went to discover a Cape and point of land 
that on the Westeme side was about seven or eight leagues 
from us, to see which way it did bend, and being within halfe 
a league of it, wee sawe two companies of boates of wilde men 
gping from one land to the other : their boates were in nmnber 
about fourtie or fiftie. One part of the which came to the 
s^d point, and a great number of men went on shore making 
a great noise, beckening imto us that wee should come on land, 
shewing us certaine skinnes upon pieces of wood, but because 
we had but one onely boat, wee would not goe to them, but 
went to the other side lying in the See: they seeing us flee, 
prq)ared two of their boats to follow us, with which came also five 
more of them that were comming from the Sea side, all which 
approched neere imto oiu* boate, dancing, and making many 
signes of joy and mirth, as it were desiring oiu- friendship, 
saying in tiieir tongue Napeu tondamen assurtah,^ with many 
otiier words that we imderstood not. But because (as we have 
said) we had but one boat, wee would not stand to their courtesie, 
but made signes imto them that they should tume back, 
which they would not do, but with great f urie came toward us : 
and suddenly with their boates compassed us about : and be- 
cause they would not away from us by any signes that we could 
make, we shot off two pieces among them, which did so terrific 
them, that they put themselves to flight toward the sayde 
point, making a great noise: and having staid a while, they 
began anew, even as at the first to come to us againe, and being 
come neere our boat wee strucke at them with two lances, 
which thing was so great a terroiu- unto them, that with great 
haste they beganne to flee, and would no more follow us. 

* Belief crest translates, "We wish to have your friendship." 



20 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1684 



How the said wilde men comming to our shipS; and our men 
going toward them, both parties went on land, and how 
the saide wilde men with great joy began to trafique 
with our men. 

The next day part of the saide wilde men with nine of their 
boates came to the point and entrance of the Creeke, where we 
with our ships were at road. We bemg advertised of their 
comming, went to the point where they were with our boates : 
but so soone as they saw us, they b^an to flee, making signes 
that they came to trafique with us, shewing us such skinnes as 
they cloth themselves withall, which are of small value. We 
likewise made signes imto them, that we wished them no evill : 
and in signe thereof two of our men ventured to go on land to 
them, and carry them knives with other Iron wares, and a red 
hat to give imto their Captaine. Which when they saw, they 
also came on land, and brought some of their skinnes, and so 
b^an to deale with us, seeming to be very glad to have our 
iron ware and other things, stU dancing with many other cere- 
monies, as with their hands to cast Sea water on their heads. 
They gave us whatsoever they had, not keeping any thing, 
so that they were constrained to go back againe naked, and 
made signes that the next day they would come againe, and 
bring more skinnes with them. 

How that we having sent two of our men on land with wares, 
there came about 300. wilde men with great gladnesse. 
Of the quaUtie of the coimtrey, what it bringeth forth, 
and of the Bay called Baie du Chaleur, or The Bay of 
heat. 

Upon Thursday being the eight of the moneth, because the 
winde was not good to go out with our ships, we set our boates 
in a readinesse to goe to discover the said Bay, and that day 
wee went 25. leagues within it. The next day the wind and 
weather being faire, we sailed until noone, in which time we 
had notice of a great part of the said Bay, and how that over 



16»#] CARTIEE'S FIRST VOYAGE 21 

the low landS; there were other lands with high mountaines : 
but seeing that there was no passage at all, wee began to tume 
back againe, taking our way along the coast : and sayling, we 
saw certaine wilde men that stood upon the shoare of a lake, 
that is among the low groimds, who were making fires and 
smokes : wee went thither, and found that there was a channel 
of the sea that did enter into the lake, and setting our boats at 
one of the banks of the chanell, the wilde men with one of their 
boates came imto us, and brought up pieces of Seales ready 
soddai, putting them upon pieces of wood : then retiring them- 
selves, they would make signes imto us, that they did give them 
us. We sent two men imto them with hatchets, knives, beads, 
and other such like ware, whereat they were very glad, and by 
and by in clusters they came to the shore where wee were, with 
their boates, bringing with them skinnes and other such things 
as they had, to have of our wares. They were more than 300. 
men, women, and children : Some of the women which came 
not over, wee might see stand up to the knees in water, singing 
and dancing: the other that had passed the river where we 
were, came very friendly to us, rubbing our armes with their 
owne handes, then would they lift them up toward heaven, 
shewing many signes of gladnesse : and in such wise were wee 
assured one of another, that we very familiarly began to trafique 
for whatsoever they had, til they had nothing but their naked 
bodies ; for they gave us all whatsoever they had, and that was 
but of small value. We perceived that this people might very 
easily be converted to our Religion. They goe from place to 
place. They live onely with fishing. They have an ordinarie 
time to fish for their provision. The coimtrey is hotter than 
the coimtrey of Spaine, and the fairest that can possibly be 
foimd, altogether smooth, and level. There is no place be it 
never so little, but it hath some trees (yea albeit it be sandie) 
or else is full of wilde come, that hath an eare like imto Rie : 
the come is like oates, and smal peason as thicke as if they had 
bene sowen and plowed, white and red gooseberies, strawberies, 
blackberies, white and red Roses, with many other floures of 
very sweet and pleasant smell. There be also many goodly 



22 EAELY FRENCH VOYAGES [1684 

medowes full of grasse, and lakes wherein great plentie of 
salmons be. They call a hatchet in their tongue C!ochi, and 
a knife Bacon : we named it The bay of heat. 

Of another nation of wilde men: of their manners, living 

and clothing. 

Being certified that there was no passage through the said 
Bay, we hoised saile, and went from S. Martines Creeke upon 
Simday being the 12. of July, to goe and discover further beyond 
the said Bay, and went along the sea coast Eastward about 
eighteene leagues, till we came to the Cape of Prato,^ where we 
foimd the tide very great, but shallow groimd, and the Sea 
stormie, so that we were constrained to draw toward shore, 
between the said Cape and an Iland l}ring Eastward, about a 
league from the said Cape, where we cast anker for that night. 
The next morning we hoised saile to trend the said coast about, 
which lyeth North Northeast. But there rose such a stormie 
and raging winde against us, that we were constrained to come 
to the place againe, from whence we were come : there did we 
stay all that day til the next that we hoised up saile, and came 
to the middest of a river five or sixe leagues from the Cape of 
Prato Northward, and being overthwart the said River, there 
arose againe a contrary winde, with great fogges and stormes. 
So that we were constrained upon Tuesday being the fourteenth 
of the moneth to enter into the river, and there did we stay till 
the sixteenth of the moneth looking for faire weather to come 
out of it : on which day being Thursday, the winde became so 
raging that one of our ships lost an anker, and we were con- 
strained to goe up higher into the river seven or eight leagues, 
into a good harborough and ground that we with our boates 
foimd out, and through the evill weather, tempest, and darke- 
nesse that was, wee stayed in the saide harborough till the five 
and twentieth of the moneth, not being able to put out : in the 
meane time wee sawe a great multitude of wilde men that were 
fishing for mackerels, whereof there is great store. Their 

» White Head. 



1684] CAETIER'S PIEST VOYAGE 23 

boates were about 40, and the persons what with men, women, 
and children two himdred, which after they had hanted our 
company a while, they came very familiarly with their boats 
to the sides of our ships. We gave them knives, combes, beads 
of glasse, and other trifles of small value, for which they made 
many signes of gladnesse, lifting their hands up to heaven 
dancing and singing in their boates. These men may very well 
and truely be called Wilde, because there is no poorer people in 
the world. For I thinke all that they had together, besides 
their boates and nets, was not worth five souce.* They goe 
altogether naked saving their privities, which are covered with 
a little skinne, and certaine olde skinnes that they cast upon 
them. Neither in nature nor in language, doe they any whit 
agree with them which we f oimd first : their heads be altogether 
shavai, except one bush of haire which they suffer to grow 
upon the top of their crowne as long as a horse taile, and then 
with certaine leather strings binde it in a knot upon their 
heads. They have no other dwelling but their boates, which 
they tume upside downe, and imder them they lay themselves 
all along upon the bare groimd. They eate their flesh almost 
raw, save onely that they heat it a little upon imbers of coales, 
80 doe they their fish. Upon Magdalens day we with our 
boateswent to the bancke of the river, and freely went on shore 
among them, whereat they made many signs, a^ad all their men 
in two or three companies began to sing and dance, seeming to 
be very glad of our comming. They had caused all the yoimg 
women to flee into the wood, two or three excepted, that stayed 
with them, to ech of which we gave a combe, and a little bell 
made of Tinne, for which they were very glad, thanking our 
Oaptaine, rubbing his armes and breasts with. their hands. 
When the men saw us give something unto those that had 
stayed, it caused al the rest to come out of the wood, to the end 
that that they should have as much as the others : These women 
are about twenty, who altogether in a knot fell upon our Cap- 
taine, touching and rubbing him with their hands, according to 
theur manner of cherishing and making much of one, who gave 

* Sous. 



24 EAELY FRENCH VOYAGES [1684 

to each of them a little Tmne bell : then suddenly they b^an 
to dance, and smg many songs. There we foimd great store of 
mackrels, that they had taken upon the shore, with certaine 
nets that they made to fish, of a kinde of Hempe that groweth 
in that place where ordinarily they abide, for they never come 
to the sea, but onely in fishing time. As farre as I imderstand, 
there groweth Ukewise a kind of Millet as big as Peason, like 
unto that which groweth in Bresil, which they eate in stead of 
bread. They had great store of it. They call it in their tongue 
Kapaige. They have also Prunes (that is to say Damsins) 
which they dry for winter as we doe, they call them Honesta. 
They have also Figs,^ Nuts, Apples, and other fruits, and Beans, 
that they call Sahu, their nuts Cahehya. If we shewed them 
any thing that they have not, nor know not what it is, shaking 
their heads, they will say Nohda, which is as much to say, they 
have it not, nor they know it not. Of those things they have, 
they would with signes shew us how to dresse them, and how they 
grow. They eate nothing that hath any taste of salt. They 
are very great theeves, for they will filch and steale whatsoever 
they can lay hold of, and all is fish that commeth to net. 

How our men set up a great Crosse upon the poynt of the 
sayd Porte, and the Captaine of those wild men, after 
a long Oration, was by our Captain appeased, and con- 
tented that two of his Children should goe with him. 

Upon the 25 of the moneth, wee caused a faire high Crosse 
to be made of the height of thirty f oote, which was made in the 
presence of many of them, upon the point of the entrance of the 
sayd haven,^ in the middest whereof we hanged up a Shield 
with three Houre de Luces in it, and in the top was carved in 
the wood with Anticke letters this posie, Vive le Roy de France. 
Then before them all we set it upon the sayd point. They 
with great heed beheld both the making and setting of it up. 

^ Cartier has but one word for figs and plums. The reference evidently 
is to the common Canada plum. 
' Gasp^ Bay. 



16M] CAETIER'S FIRST VOYAGE 26 

So soone as it was up, we altogether kneeled downe before them, 

with our hands toward Heaven, yeeldmg God thankes : and 

we made signes unto them, shewing them the Heavens, and 

that all our salvation dependeth onely on him which in them 

dwelleth : whereat they shewed a great admiration, looking first 

one at another, and then upon the Crosse. And after wee were 

returned to our ships, their Captaine clad with an old Beares 

skin, with three of his sonnes, and a brother of his with him, 

came unto us in one of their boates, but they came not so neere 

UB as they were wont to doe : there he made a long Oration 

unto us, shewing us the crosse we had set up, and making a 

orosse with two fingers, then did he shew us all the Coimtrey 

about us, as if he would say that all was his, and that wee 

should not set up any crosse without his leave. His talke 

bang ended, we shewed him an Axe, f aining that we would give 

it him for his skin, to which he hstned, for by little and little 

hee came neere our ships. One of our fellowes that was in our 

boate, tooke hold on theirs, and suddenly leapt into it, with two 

or three more, who enforced them to enter into our ships, whereat 

they were greatly astonished. But our Captain did straight- 

waies assure them, that they should have no harme, nor any 

injiude ofifred them at all, and entertained them very friendly, 

making them eate and drinke. Then did we shew them with 

signes, that the crosse was but onely set up to be as a hght 

and leader which wayes to enter into the port, and that wee 

would shortly come againe, and bring good store of iron wares 

and other things, but that we would take two of his children 

with us, and afterward bring them to the sayd port againe: 

and so wee clothed two of them in shirts, and coloured coates, 

with red cappes, and put about every ones necke a copper 

chaine, whereat they were greatly contented : then gave they 

their old clothes to their fellowes that went backe againe, and 

we gave to each one of those three that went backe, a hatchet, 

and some knives, which made them very glad. After these 

were gone, and had told the newes unto their fellowes, in the 

aftemoone there came to our ships sixe boates of them, with 

five or sixe men in every one, to take their f arewels of those two 



26 EAELY FRENCH VOYAGES [1684 

we had detained to take with us/ and brought them some fish, 
uttering many words which we did not understand, making 
signes that they would not remove the crosse we had set up. 



How after we were departed from the sayd porte, following 
our voyage along the sayd coast, we went to discover 
the land lying Southeast, and Northwest. 

The next day, being the 25 of the moneth, we had faire 
weather, and went from the said port: and being out of the 
river, we sailed Eastnortheast, for after the entrance into the 
said river, the land is environed about, and maketh a bay in 
maner of half e a circle, where being in our ships, we might see 
all the coast sayling behind, which we came to seeke, the land 
lying Southeast and Northwest, the course of which was distant 
from the river about twentie leagues. 

Of the Cape S. Alvise, and Cape Memorancie, and certaine 
other lands, and how one of oiu* Boates touched a Rocke 
and suddenly went over it. 

On Mimday being the 27 of the moneth, about smme-set 
we went along the said land, as we have .said, lying Southeast 
and Northwest, till Wednesday that we saw another Cape 
where the land b^inneth to bend toward the East : we went 
along about 15 leagues, then doeth the land begin to tume 
Northward. About three leagues from the sayd Cape we 
soimded, and foimd 24 fadome water. The said lands are 
plaine, and the fairest and most without woods that we have 
seene, with goodly greene fields and medowes : we named the 
sayd Cape S. Alvise Cape,^ because that was his day : it is 49 

^ Their names were Taignoagny and Domagaia. Both returned with 
Gartier in the following year. 

* Lo)r8 in the French. Named for St. Louis, king of France. This is 
the present East Cape on the island of Anticosti. Cartier had failed to 
discover the broad opening to the St. Lawrence River. 



1634] CARTIEE'S FIRST VOYAGE 27 

• 

degrees and an halfe in latitude, and in longitude / On 

Wednesday morning we were on the East side of the Cape, and 
being ahnost night we went Northwestward for to approchneere 
to the sayd land, which trendeth North and South. From S. 
Alvise Cape to another called Cape Memorancie,^ about fifteene 
leagues, the land b^inneth to bend Northwest. About three 
leagues from the sayd Cape we would needes soimd, but wee 
could finde no groimd at 150 fadome, yet went we along the 
said land about tenne leagues, to the latitude of 50 degrees. 
The Saturday following, being the first of August, by Sunne 
rising, wee had certaine other landes, lying North and North- 
east,' that were very high and craggie, and seemed to be moim- 
taines : betweene which were other low lands with woods and 
rivers: wee went about the sayd lands, as well on the one 
side ss on the other, still bending Northwest, to see if it were 
either a gulfe, or a passage, imtill the fift of the moneth. The 
distance from one land to the other is about fifteene leagues. 
The middle betweene them both is 50 degrees and a terce in 
latitude. We had much adoe to go five miles farther, the winds 
were so great and the tide against us. And at five miles end, 
we might plainely see and perceive land on both sides, which 
there beginneth to spread it selfe, but because we rather fell, 
then got way against the wind, we went toward land, purposing 
to goe to another Cape of land,* lying Southward, which was the 
farthermost out into the sea that we could see, about five 
leagues from us, but so soone as we came thither, we f oimd it to 
be naught else but Rockes, stones, and craggie cUffes, such as 
we had not f oimd any where since we had sailed Southward from 
S. Johns Cape : and then was the tide with us, which caried us 
against the wind Westward, so that as we were sayling along 
the sayd coast, one of oiu- boats touched a Rocke, and suddenly 
went over, but we were constrained to leape out for to direct it 
on according to the tide. 

* Blank in the original. ' Table Head. 

* The Labrador coast. 

* North Point, the northwestern point of Anticosti. Cartier was on the 
eve of disooveriDg the St. Lawrence River, and missed it. 



28 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [15S4 



How after we had agreed and consulted what was best to 
be done, we purposed to retume: and of S. Peters 
Streight, and of Cape Tiennot. 

After we had sailed along the sayd coast, for the space of 
two houres, behold, the tide began to tume against us, with so 
swift and raging a course, that it was not possible for us with 13 
oares to row or get one stones cast farther, so that we were con- 
strained to leave our boates with some of our men to guard 
them, and 10 or 12 men went ashore to the sayd Cape, where we 
foimd that the land b^inneth to bend Southwest, which having 
seene, we came to our boats againe, and so to our ships, which 
were stil ready under saile, hoping to go forward : but for all 
that, they were fallen more then foure leagues to leeward from 
the place where we had left them, where so soone as we came, 
wee assembled together all our Captaines, Masters, and Mariners, 
to have their advice and opinion what was best to be done: 
and after that every one had said, considering that the Easterly 
winds b^an to beare away, and blow, and that the flood was so 
great, that we did but fall, and that there was nothing to be 
gotten, and that stormes and tempests began to reigne in New- 
found land, and that we were so farre from home, not knowing 
the perils and dangers that were behind, for either we must agree 
to retume home againe, or els to stay there all the yeere. More- 
over, we did consider, that if the Northeme winds did take us, 
it were not possible for us to depart thence. All which opin- 
ions being heard and considered, we altogether determined to 
addresse our selves homeward. Nowe because upon Saiijtt 
Peters day wee entred into the sayd Streite, wee named it Saint 
Peters Streite.^ Wee soimded it in many places, in some wee 
found 150 fadome water, in some 100, and neere the shoare 
sixtie, and cleere ground. From that day till Wednesday 
following, we had a good and prosperous gale of winde, so that 
we trended the said North shore East, Southeast, West North- 

*The strait between Anticosti and Labrador. 



1634] CAETIER'S FIEST VOYAGE 29 

west: for such is the situation of it, except one Cape of low 
lands that bendeth more toward the Southeast, about twenty 
five leagues from the Streight. In this place we saw certaine 
smokes, that the people of the countrey made upon the sayd 
cape: but because the wind blewe us toward the coast, we 
went not to them, which when they saw, they came with two 
boates and twelve men imto us, and as freely came imto our 
ships, as if they had bene French men, and gave us to under- 
stand, that they came from the great gulfe, and that Tiennot 
was their Captaine, who then was upon that Cape, making signes 
unto us, that they were going home to their Coimtreys whence 
we were come with oiu- ships, and that they were laden with 
Fish. We named the sayd Cape, Cape Tiennot/ From the 
said Cape all the land trendeth Eastsoutheast, and Westnorth- 
west. All these lands Ue low, very pleasant, environed with 
sand, where the sea is entermingled with marishes and shal- 
lowes, the space of twentie leagues : then doth the land begin 
to trend from West to Eastnortheast altogether environed with 
Islands two or three leagues from land, in which as farre as 
we could see, are many dangerous shelves more then foure or 
five leagues from land. 

How that upon the ninth of August wee entred within 
White Sands, and upon the fif t of September we came 
to the Port of S. Malo. 

From the sayd Wednesday untill Saturday following, we 
had a great wind from the Southwest, which caused us to run 
Eastnortheast, on which day we came to the Easterly partes 
of Newfoundland, between the Granges and the Double Cape. 
There began great stormie windes comming from the East with 
great rage : wherefore we coasted the Cape Northnorthwest, to 
search the Northeme part, which is (as we have sayd) all en- 
vironed with Islands, and being neere the said Islands and land, 
the wind turned into the South, which brought us within the 

^Natashquan Point. 



30 



EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES 



[1684 



sayd gulf e, so that the next day being the 9 of August, we by 
the grace of God entred within the white Sands/ And this 
is so much as we have discovered. After that, upon the 15 of 
August, being the feast of the Assumption of our Lady, after 
that we had heard service, we altogether departed from the 
porte of White Sands, and with a happy and prosperous weather 
we came into the middle of the sea, that is between Newfound- 
land and Britanie, in which place we were tost and turmoyled 
three dayes long with great stormes and windy tempests com- 
ming from the East, which with the ayde and assistance of God 
we suffred: then had we faire weather, and upon the fift of 
September, in the sayd yere, we came to the Port of S. Malo 
whence we departed. 



The language that is spoken in the Land newly 
discovered, called New France. 



God 




a Hatchet 


asogne 


the Smme 


Isnez 


a Cod fish 


gadagoursere 


the Heaven 
the Day 


camet 


good to be 
eaten ^ 


guesande 






the Night 


aiagia 


Flesh 






Water 


ame 


Almonds 


anougaza 


Sand 


estogaz 


Figs 


asconda 


a sayle 


aganie 


Gold 


henyosco 


the Head 


agonaze 


the privie 




the Throate 


conguedo 


members 


assegu^a 


the Nose 


hehonguesto 


an Arrow 


cacta 


the Teeth 


hesangue 


a greene Tre 


5e haveda 


the Nayles 


agetaacu 


an earthen 


imdaco 


the Feete 


ochedasco 


dish 


the Legs 


anoudaaco 


a Bow 






a dead man 


amocdaza 


Bra^sse 


aignetaze 


a Skinne 


aionasca 


the Brow 


ansce 


that Man 


yea 


a Feather 


yco 



* It was two months from the tune Cartier was at this place and entered 
the Gulf of St. Lawrence. 



1534] 



CARTIER'S FIRST VOYAGE 



31 



the Moone 


catunogan 


a sicke Man i 


ilouedeche 


the Earth 


conda 


ShooeB i 


itta 


the Wind 


canut 


1 

askinne to 




theRaine 


onnoscon 


cover a mans 


ouscozon 


Bread 


cacacomy 


privy mem- 


• 

vondico 


the Sea 


amet 


bers 




a Ship 


casaomy 


red cloth < 


3ahoneta 


a Man 


undo 


a Knife agoheda 


theHaires 


hochosco 


a Mackrell i 


agedoneta 


the Eyes 


ygata 


Nuttes i 


eaheya 


the Mouth 


heche 


Apples 


bonesta 


theEares 


hontasco 


Beanes i 


sahe 


theAnnes 


agescu 


a Sword 


achesco 


a Woman 


enrasesoo 







A SHORTE AND BRIEFE NARRATION 
(CARTIER'S SECOND VOYAGE) 

1535-1536 



INTRODUCTION 

Cabtieb reached France after an absence of less than six 
months. What he had seen during the summer had wonder- 
fully impressed him and those associated with him. The ex- 
pedition had been without mishap of any kind. His report 
was an inspiration to the king, and to all interested in the voy- 
age. The termination of the work of exploration — the land 
falling oflF to the southwest and open waters to the westward 
leading whither no one could say — called imperatively for 
added endeavor and a larger outlay. On the last day of Oc- 
tober, 1535, the king, through the Admiral of France, gave to 
the explorer a new commission, in which Cartier was desig- 
nated as "Captain and Pilot of the King" ; three vessels, well- 
equipped and furnished with provisions for fifteen months, were 
provided ; while with Cartier were associated in the expedition 
some of the younger nobility of France. A report of this sec- 
ond voyage was printed in France in 1545 under the title 
Brief RecU et Succincte Narration de la Navigation faide 
es ysles de Canada. Only one copy of this printed report has 
been preserved, and is now in the British Museum. In 1863, 
a new edition of the Brief R6cit was published in Paris by the 
bookseller Tross, imder the direction of the distinguished 
French geographer, M. d'Avezac. An Italian translation by 
Ramusio appeared in his third volume, folio 441 et seqq. (Venice, 
1556). There are three contemporary narratives of the second 
voyage in manuscript in the Bibliothfeque Nationale in Paris, 
numbered 5589, 5644, and 5653. The first two were printed 
in Paris in 1841, the third m Quebec in 1843. Mr. Baxter 
(Memoir of Jacques Cartier j p. 4) is of the opinion that the 
manuscript numbered 5653 was probably used by the editor 

86 



36 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES 

of the Brief RicU. Comparing these manuscripts with the 
prmted copy, Mr. Baxter foimd so many errors and omissions 
that he decided to use in his Memoir the manuscript numbered 
5589. The following accoimt of the second voyage, a transla- 
tion from Ramusio, is from Hakluyt's great work, edition of 
1600. 



CARTIER'S SECOND VOYAGE 

A shorts and brief e narration of the Navigation made hy the 
comniandement of the King of France, to the islands of 
Canada, Hodielaga, Saguenay, and divers others which 
now are called New France, vrith the particular cus- 
tomes, and maners of the inhabitants therein. 

Chap. 1 

In the yeere of our Lord 1535, upon Whitsunday, bemg the 
16. of May, by the commandement of our Captame James Cartier, 
and with a common accord, in the Cathedrall Church of S. Malo 
we devoutly each one confessed our selves, and received the 
Sacrament : and all entring into the Quier of the sayd Chm-ch, 
wee presented om* selves before the Reverend Father in Christ, 
the Lord Bishop of S. Malo,^ who blessed us all, being in his 
Bishops roabes. The Wednesday following, being the 19. of 
May, there arose a good gale of wind, and therefore we hoysed 
sayle with three ships, that is to say, the great Hermina, being 
in burden about a himdreth, or a himdreth and twentie timne, 
wherein the foresaid Captaine James Cartier was Generall, 
and master Thomas Frosmont chief e Master, accompanied with 
master Claudius de Pont Briand, sonne to the Lorde of Mont- 
cevell, and Cup-bearer to the Dolphin of France, Charles of 
Pomeraies, John Powlet, and other Gentlemen. Li the second 
ship called the little Hermina, being of threescore tunne biu'den, 
were Captaines imder the sayd Cartier, Mace Salobert,* and 
Master William Marie. In the third ship called the Hermeril- 
lon, being of forty tunne in burden, were Captains M. William 
Britton^ and M. James Maringare. So we sayled with a good 

^ Bishop Bohier, grandson of Cardinal BriQonnet. 
' Marc Jalobert, Gartier's brother-in-law. 

87 



38 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1686 

and prosperous wind, untill the 20 of the said moneth, at 
which time the weather turned into stormes and tempests, 
the which with contrary winds, and darkenesse, endured so 
long that our ships being without any rest, suffered as much 
as any ships that ever went on seas : so that the 26 of June, 
by reason of that foule and foggie weather, all oiu* ships lost 
sight one of another againe till wee came to Newfoimdland 
where wee had appointed to meete. After we had lost one 
another, wee in the Generals ship were with contrary winds tost 
to and fro on the sea, until the seventh of July, upon which 
day we arrived in Newe found land, and came to the Island 
caUed The Island of Birds, which lyeth from the maine land 
14 leagues. This Island is so full of birds, that all our 
ships might easily have bene fraighted with them, and yet 
for the great nimiber that there is, it would not seeme that 
any were taken away. We to victuall oiu* selves filled two 
boats of them. This Island hath the Pole elevated 49 de- 
grees, and 40 minutes. Upon the eight of the sayd moneth 
we sailed further, and with a prosperous weather, came to the 
Port called The Port of white sands, that is in the Bay called 
The Bay of Castels, wliere we had purposed to meete and stay 
together the 15 of the said moneth. In this place therefore we 
looked for om* f ellowes, that is to say, the other two ships, till 
the 26 of the moneth, on which day both came together. So 
soone as om* fellowes were come, we set om* ships in a readines, 
taking in both water, wood, and other necessaries. And then 
on the 29 of the sayd moneth, early in the morning we hoised 
saile to passe on fiuiiher, and sayling along the Northeme 
coast that runneth Northeast and Southwest, til two hoiu-es 
after Sun-set or thereabouts, then we crossed along two Islands, 
which doe stretch further foorth then the others, which we 
called S. Williams Islands,* being distant about 20 leagues or 
more from the Port of Brest. All the coast from the Castels 
to that place Ueth East and West, Northeast and Southwest, 
having betweene it sundry little Islands, altogether barren and 

' Probably Treble Hill and Great' Meccatina. 



1686] CAKTIER^S SECOND VOYAGE 39 

full of stones, without either earth or trees, except certain 
valleys only. The next day being the 30 of July, we sailed on 
Westward to find out other Islands which as yet we had not found 
12 leagues and a halfe, among which there is a great Bay toward 
the North all full of Islands and great creekes, where many good 
harboroughs seeme to be : them we named S. Marthas Islands,* 
from which about a league and a halfe further into the sea 
there is a dangerous shallow, wherem are five rockes, which lie 
from Saint Marthas Islands about seven leagues as you passe 
into the sayd Islands, on the East and on the West side, to 
which we came the sayd day an hom-e after noone, and from 
that houre untill midnight we sailed about fifteene leagues 
athwart a cape of the lower Islands, which we named S. Ger- 
mans Islands * Southeastward, from which place about three 
leagues, there is a very dangerous shallow. Likewise betweene 
S. Germans cape and Saint Marthas, about two leagues from 
the sayd Islands, there lyeth a banke of sand, upon which banke 
the water is but foure fadome deepe, and therefore seeing the 
danger of the coast, we strucke saile and went no further that 
night : The next day being the last of July, we went all along 
the coast that runneth East and West, and somewhat South- 
easterly which is all environed about with Islands and drie 
sands, and in trueth it is very dangerous. The length from 
S. Germans Cape to the said Islands is about 17 leagues and 
a halfe, at the end of which there is a goodly plot of ground 
fuD of huge and high trees, albeit the rest of the coast be com- 
passed about with sands without any signe or shew of harbor- 
oughs, till we came to Cape Thiennot,' which trendeth North- 
west about seven leagues from the foresaid Islands, which Cape 
Thiennot we noted in om* former voyage, and therefore we 
sailed on all that night West and Westnorthwest, till it was day, 
and then the wind turned against us, wherefore we went to 
seeke a haven wherein we might harbour our ships, and by 

* Little Meccatina and the small peninsula opposite, which from the sea 
have the appearance of two islands. 

' Cape Whittle Islands. 

' By some identified as Mont Joli, but more probably the reference is to 
Nataahquan Point. 



40 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1585 

good hap, found one fit for our purpose, about seven leagues 
and a halfe beyond Cape Thiennot, and that we named S. 
Nicholas Haven/ it lieth amidst 4 Islands that stretch into the 
sea : Upon the neerest wee for a token set up a woodden crosse. 
But note by the way, that this crosse must be brought North- 
east, and then bending toward it, leave it on the left hand and 
you shall find sixe fadome water, and within the haven foiu'e. 
Also you are to take heede of two shelves that leane outward 
halfe a league. All this coast is full of shoulds and very dan- 
gerous, albeit in sight many good havens seeme to be there, 
yet is there nought else but shelves and sands. We staled 
and rested our selves in the sayd haven, until the seventh of 
August being Sonday : * on which day we ho3rsed sayle, and 
came toward land on the South side toward Cape Rabast,' 
distant from the sayd haven about twentie leagues North- 
northeast, and Southsouthwest : but the next day there rose 
a stormie md a contrary winde, and because we could find no 
haven there toward the South, thence we went coasting along 
toward the North, beyond the abovesayd haven about ten 
leagues, where we found a goodly great gulfe, full of Islands, 
passages, and entrances toward what wind soever you please 
to bend : for the knowledge of this gulfe there is a great Island 
that is like to a Cape of lande, stretching somewhat further 
foorth than the others, and about two leagues within the land, 
there is an hill fashioned as it were an heape of come.* We 
named the sayd gulfe Saint Laurence his bay.^ The twelfth of 
the sayd moneth wee went from the sayd Saint Laiu'ence 
his Bay, or gulfe, sayling Westward, and discovered a Cape • 
of land toward the South, that runneth West and by South, 
distant from the sayd Saint Laiu'ence his Bay, about five and 
twenty leagues. And of the two wilde men which wee tooke 
in om* former voyage, it was tolde us, that this was part of the 
Southeme coaste, and that there was an Island, on the South- 

^ Mushkoniatawee Bay. 

'Manuscript 5589, in Baxter's Memoir of Jacques Cartier, says, "Sim- 
day, the eighth day of August," which is correct. 

' Ck>w Point on the island of Anticosti. * Mount St. Genevieve. 

* Pillage Bay. * North Cape on Anticosti Island. 



1635] CAKTIEE'S SECOND VOYAGE 41 

erly parte of which is the way to goe from Honguedo * (where 
the yeere before we had taken them) to Canada, and that two 
dayes journey from the sayd Cape and Island began the 
Kingdome of Saguenay, on the North shore extending toward 
Canada, and about three leagues athwart the sayd Cape, there 
is above a hundreth fadome water. Moreover I beleeve that 
there were never so many Whales seen as wee saw that day 
about the sayd Cape. The next day after bemg our Ladie 
day of August the fifteenth of the moneth,* having passed the 
Straight, we had notice of certaine lands that wee left toward 
the South, which landes are full of very great and high hills, 
and this Cape wee named The Island of the Assimiption,' and 
one Cape of the said high countreys lyeth Eastnortheast, 
and Westsouthwest, the distance betweene which is abuot five 
and twenty leagues. The Coimtreys lying North may plainely 
be perceived to be higher then the Southerly, more then 
thirty leagues in length. We trended the sayd landes about 
toward the South : from the sayd day imtill Tewesday noone 
following, the winde came West, and therefore wee bended 
toward the North, purposing to goe and see the land that we 
before had spied. Being arrived there, we found the sayd 
landes, as it were joyned together, and low toward the Sea. 
And the Northerly moimtaines that are upon the sayd low 
lands stretch East, and West, and a quarter of the South.* 
Our wild men told us that there was the beginning of Sague- 
nay,* and that it was land inhabited, and that thence commeth 
the red Copper, of them named Caignetdaze. There is betweene 
the Southerly lands and the Northerly about thirty leagues dis- 
tance, and more then two himdreth fadome depth. The sayd 
men did moreover certifie unto us, that there was the way and 
begmnmg of the great river of Hochelaga • and ready way 
to Canada, which river the further it went the narrower it came, 
even unto Canada, and that then there was fresh water, which 
went so farre upwards, that they had never heard of any man 

^ Gaspe. ' The feast of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary. 

' Anticosti. 

^High lands on the north side of the river near Cape des Monts. 
* The country westward from the river of that name. * St. Lawrence. 



42 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1586 

who had gone to the head of it^ and that there is no other pas- 
sage but with small boates. Onr Captaine hearing their talke, 
and how they did aflSrme no other passage to be there, would 
not at that time proceede any further, till he had seene and 
noted the other lands, and coast toward the North, which he 
had omitted to see from S. Laurence his gulfe, because he would 
know, if between the lands toward the North any passage 
might be discovered/ 

How our Captaine caused the ships to retume backe againe, 
only to know if in Saint Laurence gulfe there were 
any passage toward the North. 

Chap. 2 

Upon the 18 of August being Wednesday, our Captaine 
caused his shippes to wind backe, and bend toward the other 
shore, so that we trended the said Northerly cost, which runneth 
Northeast and Southwest, being fashioned like imto halfe a 
bowe, and is a very high land, but yet not so high as that on 
the South parts. The Thursday following we came to seven 
very high Islands, which we named The roimd Islands.' 
These Islands are distant from the South shore about 40 leagues, 
and stretch out into the sea about 3 or 4 leagues. Against 
these there are goodly low grounds to be seene full of goodly 
trees, which we the Friday following, with our boats compassed 
about. Overthwart these lands there are divers sandy shelves 
more then two leagues into the sea, very dangerous, which at a 
low water remaine almost dry. At the furthest boimds of 
these lowe lands, that containe about ten leagues, there is a 
river of fresh water,' that with such swiftnesse runneth into the 
sea, that for the space of one league within it the water is as 
fresh as any fountaine water. We with our boates entred 
in the sayd river, at the entrance of which we found about one 

* The northwest passage to the Indies Cartier seems to have had chiefly 
in mind in his work of discovery. 

' The Seven Islands. ■ Trout River. 



1«6] CAETIER'S SECOND VOYAGE 43 

fadome and a halfe of water. There are in this river many 
fishes shaped like horses^ which as our wild men told ns, all the 
day long lie in the water, and the night on land : of which we 
saw therin a great number.* The next day being the 21 of 
the moneth, by breake of day we hoysed saile, and sailed so 
long along the said coast, that we had sight of the rest of the 
sayd Northeme coast, which as yet we had not seene, and of the 
Island of the Assmnption which wee went to discover, depart- 
ing from the sayd land : which thing so soone as we had done, 
and that we were certified no other passage to be there, we 
came to our ships againe, which we had left at the said Islands, 
where is a good harborough, the water being about nine or ten 
fadome. In the same place by occasion of contrary winds 
and foggie mists, we were constrained to stay, not bemg either 
able to come out of it, or hoise saile, till the 24 of the moneth : 
On which day we departed and came to a haven on the South- 
erly coast about 80 leagues from the said Islands. This haven 
is over against three flat Islands that lie amidst the river, be- 
cause on the midway betweene those Islands, and the sayd 
haven toward the North, there is a very great river that run- 
neth betweene the high and low landes, and more then three 
leagues into the sea it hath many shelves, and there is not alto- 
gether two fadome water, so that the place is very danger- 
ous : and neere unto the said shelves, there is either fif teene or 
20 fadomes from shore to shore. All the Northerly coaste run- 
neth Northeast and by North, and Southwest and by South. 
The said haven wherin we stayed on the South side, is as it 
were but a sluce of the waters that rise by the flood, and but of 
smal accompt: we named them S. Johns Islets,^ because we 
found them, and entred into them the day of the beheading of 
that Saint. And before you come to the said haven, there is 
an Island l3H[ng Eastward about 5 leagues distant from the 
same : betweene which and the land there is no passage saving 
only for smal boats. The haven of S. Johns Islets dryeth up 
all the waters that rise by flowing, although they flow two fad- 

^ Hie walrus. ' Bic Islands. 



44 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1686 

ome at the least. The best place to harborough ships therein 
is on the South part of a Uttle Island that is over against the 
said haven, whereby the bancke or shore of the Island riseth. 
Upon the first of September we departed out of the said haven, 
purposing to go toward Canada ; and about 15 leagues from it 
toward the West, and Westsouthwest, amidst the river, there 
are three Islands, over against the which there is a river* 
which runneth swift, and is of a great depth, and it is that which 
leadeth, and runneth into the countrey and kingdome of Sague- 
nay, as by the two wild men of Canada it was told us. This 
river passeth and runneth along very high and steepe hils of 
bare stone, where very Uttle earth is, and notwithstanding there 
is great quantity of sundry sorts of trees that grow in the said 
bare stones, even as upon good and fertile ground, in such sort 
that we have seene some so great as wel would suflSse to make 
a mast for a ship of 30 tunne burden, and as greene as possibly 
can be, growing in a stony rocke without any earth at all. 
At the entrance of the sayd river we met with 4 boats ful of 
wild men, which as far as we could perceive, very fearfully 
came toward us, so that some of them went backe againe, 
and the other came as neere us as easily they might heare and 
understand one of our wild men, who told them his name, 
and then tooke acquaintance of them, upon whose word they 
came to us. The next day being the 2 of September, we came 
out of the sayd river to go to Canada, and by reason of the seas 
flowing, the tide was very swift and dangerous, for that on the 
South part of it there lie two Islands, about which, more then 
three leagues compasse, lie many rocks and great stones, and 
but two fadome water : and the flowing amidst those Islands 
is very imconstant and doubtful, so that if it had not bene 
for our boats, we had been in great danger to lose our Pinnesse : 
and coasting along the said drie sands, there is more then 
30 fadom water. 

About five leagues beyond the river of Saguenay Southwest, 
there is another Hand ^ on the Northside, wherein are certaine 

^ Saguenay River. ' Hare Island. 



1686] GABTIEB'S SECOND VOYAGE 46 

hi^ lands, and thereabouts we thought to have cast anker, 
on purpose to stay the next tide, but we could sound no ground 
in a 120 f adome, withm a flight shoot from shore, so that we 
were constrained to winde backe to the said Iland, where wee 
sounded againe and found 35 fadome. The next morning we 
hoysed saile and went thence, sayling further on, where we had 
notice of a certaine kind of fish never before of any man scene 
or knowen. They are about the bignesse of a porpose, yet 
nothing like them, of body very well proportioned, headed like 
Grayhounds, altogither as white as snow without any spot, 
within which river there is great quantitie of them : they doe 
live altc^ther betweene the Sea and the fresh water. These 
people of the Coimtrey call them Adhothuys,^ they tolde us 
that they be very savory and good to be eaten. Moreover they 
aflSrme none to be foimd elsewhere but in the mouth of that 
river. The sixth of the month, the weather being calme 
and faire, we went about 15 leagues more upward into the river, 
and there lighted on an Iland that looketh Northward, and it 
maketh a Uttle haven or creeke wherein are many and innu- 
merable great Tortoyzes, continually lying about that Iland. 
There are likewise great quantitie of the said Adhothuys 
taken by the inhabitours of the countrey, and there is as great 
a current in that place as is at Bordeux in France at every tide. 
This Sand is in length about three leagues, and in bredth two, 
and is a goodly and fertile plot of ground, replenished with many 
goodly and great trees of many sorts. Among the rest there 
are many Filberd-trees, which we foimd hanging full of them, 
somewhat bigger and better in savour then ours, but somewhat 
harder, and therefore we called it The Iland of Filberds.' 
The seventh of the moneth being our Ladies even,' after service 
we went from that Iland to goe up higher into the river, and 
came to 14 Hands seven or eight leagues from the Iland of Fil- 
berds, where the coimtrey of Canada beginneth, one of which 
Hands is ten leagues in length, and five in bredth, greatly in- 
habited of such men as onely live by fishing of such sorts of 

' The narwhal. ' Hassehiuts 

' Hie Nativity of the Virgin ia celebrated on September 8. 



46 EABLY FBEKCH VOYAGES [ifitt 

fishes as the river affordeth, according to the season of them. 
After we had cast anker betwene the said great Iland/ and 
the Northerly coast, we went on land and tooke our two wild 
men with ns, meeting with many of these countrey people, 
who would not at all approch irnto us, but rather fled from us, 
untill our two men b^an to speake imto them, telling them 
that they were Taignoagny and Domagaia, who so soone as 
they had taken acquaintance of them, beganne greatly to re- 
joyce, dancing and shewing many sorts of ceremonies: and 
many of the chiefest of them came to our boats and brought 
many Eeles and other sorts of fishes, with two or three burdens 
of great Millet wherewith they make their bread, and many 
great muske millions.^ The same day came also many other 
boates full of those countrejrmen and weomen, to see and 
take acquaintance of our two men, all which were as courte- 
ously received and friendly entertained of our Captaine, as 
possibly could be. And to have them the better acquainted 
with him, and make them his friends, hee gave them many 
small gifts, but of small value : neverthelesse they were greatly 
contented with them. The next day following, the Lord of 
Canada (whose proper name was Donnacona, but by the name 
of Lord they call him Agouhanna) with twelve boats came to 
our ships, accompanied with many people, who causing ten of 
his boates to goe backe with the other two, approched unto us 
with sixteene men. Then beganne the said Agouhanna over 
against the smallest of our ships, according to their maner and 
fashion, to frame a long Oration, mooving all his bodie and 
members after a strange fashion, which thing is a ceremonie 
and signe of gladnesse and securitie among them, and then 
comming to the Generals ship, where Taignoagny and Doma- 
gaia were, he spake with them and they with him, where they 
began to tell and shew unto him what they had seene in France, 
and what good entertainement they had had : hearing which 
things the said Lord seemed to be very glad thereof, and prayed 
our Captaine to reach him his arme, that he might kisse it, 

^ Isle of Orleans. Cartier's estimate of its size is too large. 
'Pumpkins. 



1586] CABTIEE'S SECOND VOYAGE 47 

^ch thing he did : their Lord taking it, laid it about his necke, 

for so they use to doe when they will make much of one. Then 

our Gaptaine entred into Agouhannas boat, causing bread and 

wine to be brought to make the said Lord and his companie 

to eate and drinke, which thing they did, and were greatly 

thereby contented and satisfied. Our Captaine for that time 

gave them nothing, because he looked for a fitter opportunity. 

These things being done, ech one tooke leave of others, and the 

said Lord went with his boats againe to his place of abode. 

Our Captaine then caused our boates to be set in order, that 

with the next tide he might goe up higher into the river, to 

find some safe harborough for oiu* ships : and we passed up the 

river against the streame about tenne leagues, coasting the 

82ud Dand, at the end whereof, we found a goodly and pleasant 

sound, where is a Uttle river and haven, where by reason of the 

flood there is about three fadome water. This place seemed to 

us very fit and commodious to harbour om* ships therein, and 

so we did very safely, we named it the holy Crosse,^ for on 

that day * ^we came thither. Neere irnto it, there is a village, 

whereof Donnacona is Lord, and there he keepeth his abode: 

it is called Stadacona,* as goodly a plot of groimd as possibly 

maybe seene, and therewithall very fruitfuU, full of goodly trees 

even as in France, as Okes, Elmes, Ashes, Walnut trees. Maple 

tres, Cydrons, Vines, and white Thomes, that bring foorth 

fruit as bigge as any damsons, and many other sortes of trees, 

under which groweth as faire tall hempe, as any in France, 

without any seede or any mans worke or labour at all. Having 

ooDffldered the place, and finding it fit -for our purpose, our 

Gaptaine withdrew himself e on purpose to retume to our ships : 

but behold, as we were comming out of the river we met com- 

ming against us one of the Lords of the said village of Stadacona, 

accompanied with many others, as men, weomen, and children, 

who after the fashion of their country, in signe of mirth and 

joy, b^an to make a long Oration, the women still singing and 

dancing up to the knees in water. Our Captaine knowing 

* St. Charles. ' /.e., September 14. ' Present site of Quebec. 



48 EABLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1636 

their good will and kindnesse toward us, caused the boat 
wherein they were, to come unto him, and gave them certaine 
trifles, as knives, and beades of glasse, whereat they were 
marvellous glad, for being gone about leagues from them, 
for the pleasure they conceived of our comming we might 
heare them sing, and see them dance for all they were so farre. 



How our Captaine went to see and note the bignesse of the 
Iland, and the nature of it, and then returned to the 
ships, causing them to be brought to the river of The 
holy Crosse. 

Chap. 3 

After we were come with our boats unto our ships againe, 
our Captaine caused our barks to be made readie to goe on 
land in the said Iland, to note the trees that in shew seemed 
so f aire, and to consider the nature and qualitie of it : which 
things we did, and found it full of goodly trees like to oimi. 
Also we saw many goodly Vines, a thing not before of us seene 
in those coimtries, and therefore we named it Bacchus Iland.^ 
It is in length about twelve leagues, in sight very pleasant, 
but full of woods, no part of it manured, imlesse it be in cer- 
taine places, where a few cottages be for Fishers dwellmgs as 
before we have said. The next day we departed with oiu* 
ships to bring them to the place of the holy Crosse, and on the 
14 of that moneth we came thither, and the Lord Donnacona, 
Taignoagny, and Domagaia, with 25 boats full of those people, 
came to meete us, comming from the place whence we were 
come, and going toward Stadacona, where theu- abidmg is, 
and all came to our ships, shewing sundry and divers gestures 
of gladnesse and mirth, except those two that he had brought, 
to wit, Taignoagny, and Domagaia, who seemed to have altered 
and changed their mind, and purpose, for by no meanes they 

^ The Isle of Orleans. Cartier's estimate of its size, here as above, is 
too large. 



1636] CAETIER'S SECOND VOYAGE 49 

would come unto our ships, albeit sundry times they were 
earnestly desired to doe it, whereupon we b^an to mistrust 
somewhat. Our Captaine asked them if according to promise 
they would go with him to Hochelaga ? They answered yea, 
for so they had purposed, and then ech one withdrew himselfe. 
The next day being the fifteenth of the moneth, our Captaine 
went on shore, to cause certaine poles and piles to be driven 
into the water, and set up, that the better and safelier we might 
harbour our ships there : and many of those countrey people 
came to meete us there, among whom was Donnacona and our 
two men, with the rest of their company, who kept themselves 
aside under a point or nooke of land that is upon the shore of a 
certaine river, and no one of them came imto us as the other 
did that were not on their side. Our Captaine understanding 
that they were there commanded part of our men to follow 
hun, and he went to the saide point where he found the said 
Donnacona, Taignoagny, Domagaia, and divers other: and 
after salutations given on ech side, Taignoagny setled himselfe 
formost to speake to our Captaine, sa3dng that the Lord Don- 
nacona did greatly grieve and sorrow that our Captaine and 
his men did weare warlike weapons, and they not. Our Cap- 
taine answered, that albeit it did greeve them yet would not he 
leave them off, and that (as he knew) it was the maner of 
France. But for all these words our Captaine and Donnacona 
left not off to speake one to another, and friendly to enter- 
taine one another. Then did we perceive, that whatsoever 
Taignoagny spake, was onely long of himselfe and of his fellow 
for that before they departed thence our Captaine and Donna- 
cona entred into a marvellous stedfast league of friendship, 
whereupon all his people at once with a loude voyce, cast out 
three great cryes, (a horrible thing to heare) and each one hav- 
ing taken leave of the other for that day, we went aboord 
againe. The day following we brought our two great shippes 
within the river and harborough, where the waters being at the 
highest, are three fadome deepe, and at the lowest, but halfe 
a fadome. We left our Pinnesse without the road to the end 
we might bring it to Hochelaga. So soone as we bad safely 



60 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1686 

placed our shipS; behold we saw Donnacona, Taignoagny and 
Domagaia, with more then five hundred persons, men, women 
and children, and the said Lord with ten or twelve of the chief est 
of the coimtrey came aboord of our ships, who were all cour- 
teously received, and friendly entertained both of our Cap- 
taine and of us all : and divers gifts of small value were given 
them. Then did Taignoagny tell oiu* Captaine, that his Lord 
did greatly sorrow that he would go to Hochelaga, and that he 
would not by any meanes permit that any of them should goe 
with him, because the river was of no importance. Our Cap- 
taine answered him, that for all his sajdng, he would not leave 
ofif his going thither, if by any meanes it were possible, for 
that he was commanded by his king to goe as farre as 
possibly he could : and that if he (that is to say Taignoagny) 
would goe with him, as he had promised, he should be very 
well entertained, beside that, he should have such a gift 
given him, as he should well content himself e: for he 
should doe nothing else but goe with him to Hochelaga 
and come againe. To whom Taignoagny answered, that 
he would not by any meanes goe, and thereupon they sodainly 
returned to their houses. The next day being the 17 of Sep- 
tember, Donnacona and his company returned even as at the 
first, and brought with him many Eeles, with sundry sorts of 
other fishes, whereof they take great store in the said river, 
as more largely hereafter shall be shewed. And as soone as 
they were come to our ships, according to their wonted use they 
beganne to sing and dance. This done, Donnacona caused ail 
his people to be set on the one side : then making a round circle 
upon the sand he caused our Captaine with all his people to 
enter thereinto, then he began to make a long Oration, holding 
in one of his hands a maiden child of ten or twelve yeeres old, 
which he presented unto our Captaine : then sodainly beganne 
all his people to make three great shreeks, or howles, in signe 
of joy and league of friendship : presently upon that he did 
present unto him two other young male children one after 
another, but younger then the other, at the giving of which 
even as before they gave out shreeks and howles very loud^ 



1635] CABTIER'S SECOND VOYAGE 61 

with other cerimonies : for which presents, our Captaine, gave 
the saide Lorde great and hearty thankes. Then Taignoagny 
told our Captaine, that one of the children was his owne brother, 
and that the maiden child was daughter unto the said Lords 
owne sister, and the presents were only given him to the end 
he should not goe to Hochelaga at all : to whom our Captaine 
answered, that if they were only given him to that intent, if 
80 he would, he should take them againe, for that by no meanes 
he would leave his going off, for as much as he was so com- 
manded of his King. But concerning this, Domagaia told oiu* 
Captaine that their Lord had given him those children as a 
signe and token of goodwill and security, and that he was con- 
tented to goe with him to Hochelaga, upon which talke great 
wordes arose betweene Taignoagny and Domagaia, by which 
we plainely perceived that Taignoagny was but a crafty knave, 
and that he intended but mischiefe and treason, as well by 
this deede as others that we by him had scene. After that our 
Captaine caused the said children to be put in our ships, and 
caused two Swords and two copper Basons, the one wrought, 
the other plaine, to be brought unto him, and them he gave 
to Donnacona, who was therewith greatly contented, yeelding 
most heartie thankes unto our Captaine for them, and presently 
upon that he commanded all his people to sing and dance, and 
desired our Captaine to cause a peece of artillerie to be shot 
off, because Taignoagny and Domagaia made great brags of 
it, and had told them marvellous things, and also, because 
tiiey had never heard nor scene any before : to whom our Cap- 
taine answered, that he was content : and by and by he com- 
manded his men to shoot off twelve cannons charged with bul- 
lets into the wood that was hard by those people and ships, 
at whose noyse they were greatly astonished and amazed, 
for they thought that heaven had fallen upon them, and put 
themselves to flight, howling, crying, and shreeking, so that it 
seemed hell was broken loose. But before we went thence, 
Taignoagny caused other men to tell us, that those men which 
we had left in our Pinnesse in the road, had slaine two men 
of their company, with a peece of ordinance that they had shot 



62 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1686 

ofif, whereupon the rest had put themselves all to flight, as 
though they should all have bene slaine : which afterward we 
found untrue, because oiu* men had not shot off any peece at 
all that day. 

How Donnacona and Taignoagny with others, devised a prettie 
sleight or poUicie : for they caused three of their men 
to be attired like Divels, fayning themselves to be 
sent from their God Cudraaigny, onely to hinder our 
voyage to Hochelaga. 

Chap. 4 

The next day being the eighteenth of September, these men 
still endeavoured themselves to seeke all meanes possible to 
hinder and let our going to Hochelaga, and devised a prettie 
guile, as hereafter shalbe shewed. They went and dressed 
three men like Divels, being wrapped in dogges skinnes white 
and blacke, their faces besmeered as blacke as any coales, 
with homes on their heads more then a yard long, and caused 
them secretly to be put in one of their boates, but came not 
neere our ships as they were wont to doe, for they lay hidden 
within the wood for the space of two houres, looking for the 
tide, to the end the boat wherein the Divels were, might ap- 
proach and come neere us, which when time was, came, and all 
the rest issued out of the wood comming to us, but yet not so 
neere as they were wont to do. There began Taignoagny 
to salute our Captaine, who asked him if he would have the 
boate to come for him ; he answered, not for that time, but after 
a while he would come imto our ships: then presently came 
that boat rushing out, wherein the three counterfeit Divels 
were with such long homes on their heads, and the middle- 
most came making a long Oration and passed along our ships 
with out turning or looking toward us, but with the boat went 
toward the land. Then did Donnacona with all his people pui> 
sue them, and lay hold on the boat and Divels, who so soone 
as the men were come to them, fell prostrate in the boate, 



1686] CABTIEE'S SECOND VOYAGE 63 

even as if they had beene dead : then were they taken up and 
carried into the wood, being but a stones cast oflf, then every 
one withdrew himself e into the wood, not one staying behind 
with us, where being, they b^an to make a long discourse, 
so loud that we might heare them in oiu* ships, which lasted 
about half e an hoiu'e, and being ended we b^an to espie Taigno- 
agnyand Domagaia conmiing towards us, holding their hands 
upward joyned together, carying their hats imder their upper 
garment, dewing a great admiration, and Taignoagny looking 
up to heaven, cryed three times Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, and Dom- 
agaia doing as his fellow had done before, cryed, Jesus Maria, 
James Gartier. Our Captaine hearing them, and seeing their 
gestures and ceremonies, asked of them what they ailed, and 
iriiat was happened or chanced anew; they answered, that 
ftere were very ill tydings befallen, saying in French, Nenni 
at il bon, that is to say, it was not good : our Captaine asked 
ftem againe what it was, then answered they, that their God 
Ooiniaigny had spoken in Hochelaga: and that he had sent 
tee three men to shewe imto them that there was so much 
j« and snow in that countrey, that whosoever went thither 
iaid die, which wordes when we heard, we laughed and mocked 
dm saying, that their God Cudruaigny was but a foole and a 
loddie, for he knew not what he did or said : then bade we 
(km diew his messengers from us, that Christ would defend 
(km from all colde, if they would beleeve in him. Then did 
ftgr aake of our Captaine if he had spoken with Jesus : he 
■mcred no, but that his Priests had, and that he told them 
fcy diould have f aire weather : which wordes when they had 
kvd, they thanked our Captaine, and departed toward the 
wood to tell those newes unto their f elowes, who sodainly came 
al roshiiig out of the wood, seeming to be very glad for those 
ivds that our Captaine had spoken, and to shew that thereby 
ft^ had had, and felt great joy, so soone as they were before 
m tidpe, they altogether gave out three great shreekes, and 
Aereiipon b^anne to sing and dance, as they were wont to 
fce. But for a resolution of the matter Taignoagny and 
^■i^agftifl tolde our Captaine, that their Lord Donnacona 



s 



64 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1686 

would by no meanes permit that any of them should goe with 
hJTn to Hochelaga unlesse he would leave him some hostage to 
stay with him : our Captaine answered them, that if they would 
not goe with him with a good will, they should stay, and that 
for all them he would not leave ofif his journey thither. 



How our Captaine with all his Gentlemen and fiftie Mariners 
departed with our Pinnesse, and the two boates from 
Canada to goe to Hochelaga: and also there is de- 
scribed, what was seene by the way upon the said 
river. 

Chap. 5 

The next day being the 19 of September we hojrsed saile, 
and with our Pinnesse and two boates departed to goe up the 
river with the flood, where on both shores of it we beganne to 
see as goodly a countrey as possibly can with eye be seene, all 
replenished with very goodly trees, and Vines laden as full of 
grapes as could be all along the river, which rather seemed to 
have bin planted by mans hand than otherwise. True it is, that 
because they are not dressed and wrought as they should be, 
their bunches of grapes are not so great nor sweete as ours; 
also we sawe all along the river many houses inhabited of 
Fishers, which take all kindes of fishes, and they came with 
as great famiUaritie and kindnesse unto us, as if we had beene 
their Countresnnen, and brought us great store of fish, with 
other such things as they had, which we exchanged with them 
for other wares, who lifting up their hands toward heaven, 
gave many signes of joy : we stayed at a place called Hochelai,^ 
about five and twentie leagues from Canada, where the river 
waxeth very narrow, and runneth very swift, wherefore it is 
very dangerous, not onely for that, but also for certaine great 
stones that are therein : Many boates and barkes came unto us, 
in one of which came one of the chiefe Lords of the countrey, 

^ Champlain says that this place was fifteen leagues from Quebec. 



1686] CABTDEK'S SECOND VOYAGE 65 

makiiig a long discourse, who being come neere us, did by evi- 
dent signes and gestures shew us, that the higher the river 
went, the more dangerous it was, and bade us take heede of our 
selves. The said Lord presented and gave unto om* Captaine 
two of his owne children, of which our Captaine tooke one being 
a wench of 7 or 8 yeres old, the man child he gave him againe, 
because it was too yong, for it was but two or three yeeres old. 
Our Captaine as friendly and as comi^eously as he could did 
entertaine and receive the said Lord and his company, giving 
them certaine small trifles, and so they departed toward the 
shore againe. Afterwards the sayd Lord and his wife came 
unto Canada to visite his daughter, bringing imto our Captaine 
certaine small presents. From the nineteenth imtill the eight 
and twentieth of September, we sailed up along the saide river, 
never losing one houre of time, all which time we saw as goodly 
and pleasant a countrey as possibly can be wished for, full (as 
we have said before) of all sorts of goodly trees, that is to say, 
Okes, Elmes, Walnut-trees, Cedars, Firres, Ashes, Boxe, 
Willowes, and great store of Vines, all as full of grapes as could 
be, so that if any of our f ellowes went on shore, they came home 
laden with them: there are likewise many Cranes, Swannes, 
Geese, Duckes, Feasants, Partriges, Thrushes, Blackbirds, 
Turtles, Finches, Redbreasts, Nightingales, Sparrowes of di- 
verse kindes, with many other sorts of Birds, even as in France, 
and great plentie and store. Upon the 28 of September we 
came to a great wide lake * in the middle of the river five or sixe 
leagues broad, and twelve long, all that day we went against 
the tide, having but two fadome water, still keeping the sayd 
scantling : being come to one of the heads of the lake, we could 
espie no passage or going out, nay, rather it seemed to 
have bene closed and shut up round about, and there was but 
a fadome and an half e of water, little more or lesse. And there- 
fore we were constrayned to cast anker, and to stay with om* 
Pinnesse, and went with our two boates to seeke some going out, 
and in one place we found foure or five branches, which out of 

• St. Peter's Lake. Hakluyt in the margin gives it the name of " The 
lake of Angolesme." 



66 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1686 

the river come into the lake, and they came from Hoche- 
laga. But in the said branches, because of the great fierce- 
nesse and swif tnesse wherewith they breake out, and the course 
of the water, they make certaine barres and shoulds, and at 
that time there was but a fadome water. Those Shouldes 
being passed, we found foure or five fadome, and as farre as we 
could perceive by the flood, it was that time of the yeere that 
the waters are lowest, for at other times they flowe higher by 
three fadomes. All these foure or five branches do compasse 
about five or sixe Hands very pleasant, which make the head 
of the lake : about fif teene leagues beyond, they doe all come 
into one. That day we landed in one of the saide Islands, 
and met with five men that were himting of wilde beastes, 
who as freely and familiarly came to our boates without any 
feare, as if we had ever bene brought up togither. Our boates 
being somewhat neere the shore, one of them tooke our Cap- 
taine in his annes, and caned him on shore, as lightly and aa 
easily as if he had bene a child of five yeeres old : so strong and 
sturdie was this fellow. We found that they had a great heape 
of wild Rats ^ that live in the water, as bigge as a Conny, and 
very good to eate, which they gave imto our Captaine, who 
for a recompence gave them knives and glassen Beades. We 
asked them with signes if that was the way to Hochelaga, they 
answered yea, and that we had yet three dayes sayling thither. 

How our Captaine caused our boates to be mended and dressed 
to goe to Hochelaga : and because the way was some- 
what difficult and hard, we left our Pinnesse behinde : 
and how we came thither, and what entertainment 
we had of the people. 

Chap. 6 

The next day our Captaine seeing that for that time it was 
not possible for our Pinnesse to goe on any further, he caused 

^ Muskratfl. 



1686] CAETIER'S SECOND VOYAGE 67 

our boates to be made readle, and as much mmiition and vict- 
uals to be put in them, as they could well beare : he departed 
with them, accompanyed with many Gentlemen, that is to say, 
Claudius of Ponte Briand, Cup-bearer to the Lorde Dolphin of 
France, Charles of Pommeraye, John Gouion, John Powlet, 
with twentie and eight Mariners: and Mace Jallobert, and 
William Briton, who had the charge under the Captaine of the 
other two ships, to goe up as f aire as they could into that river : 
we sayled with good and prosperous weather untill the second 
of October, on which day we came to the towne of Hochelaga, 
distant from the place where we had left our Pinnesse five and 
fortie leagues. In which place of Hochelaga, and all the way 
we went, we met with many of those countriemen, who brought 
us fish and such other victuals as they had, still dancing and 
greatly rejoycing at oiu* conmiing. Chir Captaine to lure them 
in, and to keepe them oiu* friends, to recompence them, gave 
tiiem knives, beades, and such small trifles, wherewith they 
were greatly satisfied. So soone as we were come neere Hoche- 
laga, there came to meete us above a thousand persons, men, 
women and children, who afterward did as friendly and merily 
entertaine and receive us as any father would doe his child, 
which he had not of long time scene, the men dauncing on one 
side, the women on another, and Ukewise the children on 
another: after that they brought us great store of fish, and 
of their bread made of Alillet,* casting them into our boates so 
thicke, that you would have thought it to fall from heaven. 
Which when our Captaine sawe, he with many of his company 
went on shore: so soone as ever we were aland they came 
clustring about us, making very much of us, bringing their 
yoimg children in their armes, onely to have our Captaine and 
his company to touch them, making signes and shewes of great 
mirth and gladnesse, that lasted more than halfe an houre. 
Our Captaine seeing their loving kindnesse and entertain- 
ment of us, caused all the women orderly to be set in aray, 
and gave them Beades made of Tinne, and other such 

^ Indian com. 



58 EAELY FRENCH VOYAGES [1686 

small trifles, and to some of the men he gave knives : then he 
returned to the boates to supper, and so passed that night, all 
which while all those people stood on the shore as neere our 
boates as they might, making great fires, and dauncing very 
merily, still crying Aguiaze, which in their tonge signifieth 
Mirth and Safetie. 

How our Captaine with five gentlemen and twentie armed men 
all well in order, went to see the towne of Hochelaga, 
and the situation of it. 

Chap. 7 

Our Captaine the next day very earely in the morning, hav- 
ing very gorgeously attired himself e, caused all his company 
to be set in order to go to see the towne and habitation 
of those people, and a certaine mountaine * that is somewhat 
neere the citie: with whom went also five Gentlemen and 
twentie Mariners, leaving the rest to keepe and looke to oiu* 
boates : we tooke with us three men of Hochelaga to bring us 
to the place. All along as we went we foimd the way as well 
beaten and frequented as can be, the fairest and best coimtrey 
that possibly can be seene, full of as goodly great Okes as are 
in any wood in France, imder which the ground was all covered 
over with faire Akomes. After we had gone about foure or 
five miles,^ we met by the way one of the chiefest Lords of the 
citie, accompanied with many moe, who so soone as he sawe us 
beckned and made signes upon us, that we must rest us in that 
place where they had made a great fire, and so we did. After 
that we had rested our selves there a while, the said Lord began 
to make a long discourse, even as we have saide above, they are 
accustomed to doe in signe of mirth and friendship, shewing 
our Captaine and all his company a joyfull countenance, and 

^ Mont Royal as below, whence the name Montreal. Hochelaga stood 
near the present site of Montreal. 

' The margin reads, ''Hochelaga sixe miles from the river side." Manu- 
script 5589 says the distance marched was ''about a league and a half." 



1636] CAETIER'S SECOND VOYAGE 69 

good will, who gave him two hatchets, a paire of knives and a 
crosse which he made him to kisse, and then put it about his 
necke, for which he gave our Captaine heartie thankes. This 
done, we went along, and about a mile and a halfe farther, we 
began to finde goodly and large fieldes, full of such come as the 
coimtrie yeeldieth. It is even as the Millet of Bresil, as great 
and somewhat bigger than small peason, wherewith they live 
even as we doe with ours. In the midst of those fields is the 
citie of Hochelaga, placed neere, and as it were joyned to a 
great moimtaine that is tilled round about, very fertill, on the 
top of which you may see very farre, we named it Mount Roiall. 
The citie of Hochelaga is round, compassed about with timber, 
with three course of Rampires, one within another framed like 
a sharpe Spire, but laide acrosse above. The middlemost of 
them is made and built, as a direct line, but perpendicular. 
The Rampires are framed and fashioned with peeces of timber, 
layd along on the ground, very well and cunningly joyned 
togither after their fashion. This enclosure is in height about 
two rods. It hath but one gate or entrie thereat, which is shut 
with piles, stakes, and barres. Over it, and also in many places 
of the widl, there be places to runne along, and ladders to get 
up, all fuU of stones, for the defence of it. There are in the 
towne about fiftie houses, about fiftie paces long, and twelve, 
or fifteene broad, built all of wood, covered over with the barke 
of the wood as broad as any boord, very finely and cunning 
jo3med togither. Within the said houses, there are many 
roomes, lodgings and chambers. In the middest of every one 
there is a great Court, in the middle whereof they make their 
fire. They Uve in common togither : then doe the husbands, 
wives and children each one retire themselves to their cham- 
bers. They have also on the top of their houses certaine gar- 
rets, wherein they keepe their come to make their bread withall : 
they call it Carraconny, which they make as hereafter shall 
follow. They have certaine peeces of wood, made hollow 
like those whereon we beat our hempe, and with certaine beetles 
of wood they beat their come to powder: then they make 
paste of it, and of the paste, cakes or wreathes, then they lay 



60 EAELY FRENCH VOYAGES [1685 

them on a broad and bote stone, and tben cover it witb bote 
stones, and so tbey bake tbeir bread in stead of Ovens. They 
make also sundry sorts of pottage with the said come and also 
of pease and of beanes, whereof they have great store, as also 
with other fruits, as Muske-Millions, and very great Cow- 
cumbers. They have also in their houses certaine vessels as 
bigge as any But or Tim, wherein they preserve and keepe their 
fish, causing the same in sommer to be dried in the sunne, and 
live therewith in winter, whereof they make great provision, 
as we by experience have scene. All their viands and meates 
are without any taste or savour of salt at all. They sleepe upon 
barkes of trees laide all along upon the ground being over-spread 
with the skinnes of certaine wilde Beastes, wherewith they also 
cloth and cover themselves. The thing most precious that 
they have in all the world they call Asurgny * : it is as white as 
any snow: they take it in the said river oi Comibotz, in the 
maner folowing. When any one hath deserved death, or 
that they take any of their enemies in Warres, first they kill 
him, then with certaine knives they give great slashes and 
strokes upon their buttocks, flankes, thighs, and shoulders: 
then they cast the same bodie so mangled downe to the bot- 
tome of the river, in a place where the said Esurgny is, and there 
leave it ten or 12 houres, then they take it up againe, and in 
the cuts find the said Esurgny or Comibotz. Of them they 
make beads, and weare them about their necks, even as we 
doe chaines of gold and silver, accounting it the preciousest 
thing in the world. They have this vertue and propertie in 
them, they will stop or stanch bleeding at the nose, for we 
have prooved it. These people are given to no other exercise, 
but onely to husbandrie and fishing for their sustenance : they 
have no care of any other wealth or commoditie in this world, 
for they have no knowledge of it, and that is, because they never 
travell and go out of their countrey, as those of Canada and 
Saguenay doe, albeit the Canadians with eight or nine Villages 
more alongst the river be subjects unto them. 

* Wampum, 



1686] CABTIEK'8 SECOND VOYAGE 61 

How we came to the Towne of Hochelaga, and the entertaine- 
ment which there we had, and of certaine gifts which 
our Captaine gave them, with divers other things. 

Chap. 8 

So aoone as we were come neere the Towne, a great num- 
ber of the inhabitants thereof came to present themselves before 
us after their fashion, making very much of us : we were by our 
guides brought into the middest of the towne. They have in the 
middlemost part of their houses a large square place, being 
from side to side a good stones cast, whither we were brought, 
and there with signes were commanded to stay : then suddenly 
all the women and maidens of the towne gathered themselves 
t(^ther, part of which had their armes full of young children, 
and as many as could came to rubbe our faces, oiu* armes, and 
what part of the bodie soever they could touch, weeping for 
very joy that thqr saw us, shewing us the best countenance 
that possibly they could, desiring us with their signes, that it 
would please us to touch their children. That done, the men 
caused the women to withdraw themselves backe, then they 
every one sate downe on the ground round about us, as if they 
would have shewen and rehearsed some Comedie or other shew : 
then presently came the women againe, every one bringing a 
foure square Matte in manner of Carpets, and spreading them 
abroad on the ground in that place, they caused us to sit upon 
them. That done, the Lord and King of the countrey was 
brought upon 9 or 10 mens shoulders, (whom in their tongue 
they call Agouhanna) sitting upon a great Stagges skinne, and 
they laide him downe upon the foresaid mats neere to the Cap- 
taine, every one beckning unto us that hee was their Lord and 
King. This Agouhanna was a man about fiftie yeeres old: 
he was no whit better apparelled then any of the rest, onely ex- 
cepted, that he had a certaine thing made of the skinnes of 
Hedgehogs like a red wreath, and that was in stead of his 
Crowne. He was full of the palsie, and his members shronke 



62 EAELY FRENCH VOYAGES [1686 

togither. After he had with certaine signes saluted our Cap- 
taine and all his companie, and by manifest tokens bid all wel- 
come, he shewed his legges and armes to our Captaine, and 
with signes desired him to touch them, and so he did, rubbing 
them with his owne hands: then did Agouhanna take the 
wreath or crowne he had about his head, and gave it imto our 
Captaine : that done they brought before him divers diseased 
men, some blinde, some criple, some lame and impotent, and 
some so old that the haire of their eyelids came downe and 
covered their cheekes, and layd them all along before our Cap- 
taine, to the end they might of him be touched : for it seemed 
imto them that God was descended and come downe from 
heaven to heale them. Our Captaine seeing the misery and 
devotion of this poore people, recited the Gospel of Saint John, 
that is to say. In the b^inning was the word ; touching every 
one that were diseased, pra3dng to God that it would please 
him to open the hearts of this poore people, and to make them 
know his holy word, and that they might receive Baptisme 
and Christendome : that done, he tooke a Service-booke in his 
hand, and with a loud voyce read all the passion of Christ, word 
by word that all the standers by might heare him : all which 
while this poore people kept silence, and were marvellously 
attentive, looking up to heaven, and imitating us in gestures. 
Then he caused the men all orderly to be set on one side, the 
women on another, and Ukewise the children on an other, and, 
to the chief est of them he gave hatchets, to the other knives, 
and to the women beads 'and such other small trifles. Then 
where the children were, he cast rings, counters, and brooches 
made of Tin, whereat they seemed to be very glad. That 
done, our Captaine commanded Trumpets and other musicall 
instruments to be sounded, which when they heard, they were 
very merie. Then we tooke our leave and went to our boate : 
the women seeing that, put themselves before to stay us, and 
brought us out of their meates that they had made readie for 
us, as fish, pottage beanes, and such other things, thinking to 
make us eate, and dine in that place : but because the meates 
had no savour at all of salt, we liked them not, but thanked 



1686] CAETIER^S SECOND VOYAGE 63 

them, and with signes gave them to understand that we had 
no neede to eate. When wee were out of the Towne, diverse 
of the men and women followed us, and brought us to the toppe 
of the foresaid mountaine, which we named Mount Roiall, 
it is about a league from the Towne. When as we were on the 
toppe of it, we might disceme and plainly see thirtie leagues 
about. On the Northside of it there are many hilles to be 
seene running West and East, and as many more on the South, 
amongst and betweene the which the Countrey is as f aire and 
as pleasant as possibly can be seene, being levell, smooth, and 
very plaine, fit to be husbanded and tilled : and in the middest 
of those fieldes we saw the river further up a great way then 
where we had left oiu* boates, where was the greatest and the 
swiftest fall of water that any where hath beene seene,* and as 
great, wide, and large as oiu- sight might disceme, going South- 
west along three faire and round mountaines that wee sawe, 
as we judged about fifteene leagues from us. Those which 
brought us thither tolde and shewed us, that in the sayd river 
there were three such falles of water more, as that was where 
we had left our boates : but because we could not understand 
their language, we could not knowe how f arre they were from 
one anoth«". Moreover they shewed us with signes, that the 
said three fals being past, a man might sayle the space of 
three monethes more alongst that River, and that along the 
hilles that are on the North side there is a great river,* which 
(even as the other) commeth from the West, we thought it to 
be the river that runneth through the Countrey of Saguenay : 
and without any signe or question mooved or asked of them, 
they tooke the chajme of oiu- Captaines whistle, which was of 
silver, and the dagger-haft of one of oiu- fellow Mariners, hang- 
ing on his side being of yellow copper guilt, and shewed us that 
such stuflFe came from the said River, and that there be Agoui- 
onda, that is as much to say, as evill people, who goe all armed 
even to their finger ends. Also they shewed us the manner and 
making of their armour: they are made of cordes and wood, 

* The Lachine Rapids. ' The Ottawa. 



64 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1685 

finely and cunningly wrought togither. They gave us also to 
imderstande that those Agouionda doe continually warre one 
against another^ but because we did not understand them well, 
we could not perceive how farre it was to that Countrey. Our 
Captaine shewed them redde Copper, which in their language 
they caU Caignetadze, and looking towarde that Countrey, 
with signes asked them if any came from thence, they shaking 
their heads answered no : but they shewed us that it came from 
Saguenay, and that lyeth cleane contrary to the other. After 
we had heard and scene these things of them, we drewe to our 
boates accompanied with a great multitude of those people: 
some of them when as they sawe any of oiu- fellowes weary, 
would take them up on their shoulders, and carry them as on 
horsebacke. So soone as we came to oiu- boates we hoysed 
saile to goe toward oiu- Pinnesse, doubting of some mischance. 
Our departiu-e grieved and displeased them very much, for 
they followed us along the river as farre as they could: we 
went so fast that on Munday being the fourth of October wee 
came where our Pinnesse was. The Tuesday following being 
the fif t of the moneth, we hoysed saile, and with our Pinnesse 
and boates departed from thence toward the Province of Canada, 
to the port of the Holy Crosse, where we had left oiu* ships. 
The seventh day we came against a river that commeth from 
the North, and entred into that river, at the entrance whereof 
are foure little Hands full of faire and goodly trees : we named 
that river The river of Fouetz : ^ But because one of those Ilandes 
stretcheth it selfe a great way into the river, our Captaine at 
the point of it caused a goodly great Crosse to be set up, and 
commanded the boates to be made readie, that with the next 
tide he might goe up the saide river, and consider the qualitie 
of it, which wee did, and that day went up as farre as we could : 
but because we found it to be of no importance, and very 
shallow, we returned and sayled down the river. 

» The St. Maurice. 



1636] CAETIEE'S SECOND VOYAGE 65 



How we came to the Port of the Holy Crosse, and in what state 
we found our ships : and how the Lord of the Countrey 
came to visite our Captaine, and our Captaine him: 
and of certaine particular customes of the people. 

Chap. 9 

Upon Monday being the 11 of October we came to the Port 
of the Holy Crosse, where our ships were, and found that the 
Mast^^ and Mariners we had left there, had made and reared 
a trench before the ships, altogither closed with great peeces of 
timber set upright and verjrwell fastened togither: then had 
they beset the said trench about with peeces of Artillerie and 
other necessarie things to shield and defend themselves from 
the power of all the countrey. So soone as the Lord of the 
coimtrey heard of oiu- comming, the next day being the 
twelfth of October, he came to visite us, accompanied with 
Taignoagny, Domagaia, and many others, fayning to be very 
glad of our conmiing, making much of oiu* Captaine, who as 
friendly as he could, entertained them, albeit they had not 
deserved it. Donnacona their Lord desired our Captaine the 
next day to come and see Canada, which he promised to doe : for 
the next day being the 13 of the moneth, he with all his Gentle- 
men and fif tie Mariners very well appointed, went to visite Donna- 
cona and his people, about a league from our ships. The place 
where they make their abode is called Stadacona. When we 
were about a stones cast from their houses, many of the in- 
habitants came to meete us, being all set in a ranke, and (as 
their custome is) the men aU on one side, and the women on 
the other, still dancing and singing without any ceasing : and after 
we had saluted and received one another, our Captaine gave 
them knives and such other sleight things : then he caused all 
the women and children to passe along before him, giving each 
one a ring of Tin, for which they gave him hearty thankes : 
that done, our Captaine was by Donnacona and Taignoagny, 
brought to see their houses, which (the qualitie considered) 



66 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1686 

were very well provided, and stored with such victuals as the 
countrey yeeldeth, to passe away the winter withall. Then 
they shewed us the skins of five mens heads spread upon boards 
• as we do use parchment : * Donnacona told us that they were 
skins of Toudamani,^ a people dwelling toward the Soutii, who 
continually doe warre against them. Moreover they told us, 
that it was two yeeres past that those Toudamans came to as- 
sault them, yea even into the said river, in an Iland that lyeth 
over against Saguenay, where they had bin the night before, sa 
they were going a warfaring in Hognedo, with 200 persons, 
men, women, and children, who being all asleepe in a Fort that 
they had made, they were assaulted by the said Toudamans, 
who put fire round about the Fort, and as they would have come 
out of it to save themselves, they were all slaine, only five ex- 
cepted, who escaped. For which losse they yet sorrowed, shew- 
ing with signes, that one day they would be revenged: that 
done, we came to our ships againe. 



The maner how the people of that Countrey Uve : and of cer- 
taine conditions : of their faith, maners, and customes. 

« 

Chap. 10 

This people beleeve no whit in God, but in one whom they 
call Cudruaigni: they say that often he speaketh with them 
and telleth them what weather shal follow, whether good or 
bad. Moreover they say, that when he is angry with them he 
casteth dust into their eyes : they beleeve that when they die 
they go into the stars, and thence by litle and little descend 
downe into the Horizon, even as the stars doe, and that then 
they goe into certaine greene fields full of goodly faire and pre- 
cious trees, floures, and fruits. After that they had given us 
these things to understand, we shewed them their error, and 

* Scalps. 

' Baxter (Memoir of Jacques Cartier, p. 174) identifies the Toudamani 
with the ferocious Iroquois. 



1686] CAETIER'S SECOND VOYAGE 67 

told that their Cudruaigni did but deceive them, for he is but 
a Divell and an evill spirit : affirming unto them, that there is 
but one onely God, who is in heaven, and who giveth us all 
necessaries, being the Creatour of all himselfe, and that onely 
we must beleeve in him : moreover, that it is necessarie for us 
to be baptised, otherwise wee are damned into hell. These 
and many other things concerning our faith and religion we 
shewed them, all which they did easily beleeve, calling their 
Cudruaigni, Agouiada, that is to say, nought, so that very 
earnestly they desired and prayed our Captaine that he would 
cause them to be baptised, and their Lorde, and Taignoagny, 
Domagaia, and all the people of the towne came unto us, hop- 
ing to be baptised: but because we did not throughly know 
their minde, and that there was no bodie could teach them oiu- 
belief e and religion, we excused oiu* selves, desiring Taignoagny, 
and Domagaia, to tell the rest of their countreymen, that [we] 
would come againe another time, and bring Priests and chris- 
ome with us, for without them they could not be baptised: 
which they did easily beleeve, for Domagaia and Taignoagny 
had seene many children baptised in Britain^ whiles they were 
there. Which promise when they heard they seemed to be 
very glad. They live in common togither: and of such 
commodities as their countrey yeeldeth they are indififer- 
ently well stored, the inhabitants of the countrey cloth 
themselves with the skinnes of certaine wilde beasts, but very 
miserably. In winter they weare hosen and shoes made of 
wilde beasts skins, and in Sommer they goe barefooted. They 
keepe and observe the rites of matrimonie savmg that every 
one weddeth 2 or 3 wives, which (their husbands being dead) 
do never marrie againe, but for the death of their husbands 
weare a certaine blacke weede all the dales of their life, be- 
smearing al their faces with cole dust and grease mingled to- 
gither as thicke as the backe of a knife, and by that they are 
knowen to be widdowes. They have a filthy and detestable 
use in marrying of their maidens, and that is this, they put them 

* Brittany. 



68 EARLY FBENCH VOYAGES [1685 

all (after they are of lawf uU age to many) in a common place, 
as harlots free for every man that will have to doe with them, 
imtill such time as they find a match. This I say, because I 
have scene by experience many housen full of those Damosels, 
even as our schooles are full of children in France to leame to 
reade. Moreover, the misrule and riot that they keepe in 
those houses is very great, for very wantonly they sport and 
dally togither, shewing whatsoever God hath sent them. They 
are no men of great labour. They digge their grounds with 
certaine peeces of wood, as bigge as halfe a sword, on which 
ground groweth their come, which they call Offici : * it is as bigge 
as oiu* small peason : there is great quantitie of it growing in 
Bresill. They have also great store of Muske-milions, Pom- 
pions, Gourds, Cucimibers, Peason and Beanes of every colour, 
yet differing from ours. There groweth also a certaine kind of 
herbe,* whereof in Sommer they make great provision for all 
the yeere, making great account of it, and onely men use of it, 
and first they cause it to be dried in the Sunne, then weare it 
about their neckes wrapped in a little beasts skinne made like 
a little bagge, with a hollow peece of stone or wood Uke a pipe : 
then when they please they make pouder of it, and then put it 
in one of the ends of the said Comet or pipe, and laying a cole 
of fire upon it, at the other ende sucke so long, that they fill 
their bodies full of smoke, till that it commeth out of their 
mouth and nostrils, even as out of the Tonnell of a chiihney. 
They say that this doth keepe them warme and in health: 
they never goe without some of it about them. We ourselves 
have tryed the same smoke, and having put it in our mouthes, 
it seemed almost as hot as Pepper. The women of that coun- 
trey doe labour much more then the men, as well in fishing 
(whereto they are greatly given) as in tilling and husbanding 
their grounds, and other things: as well the men as women 
and children, are very much more able to resist cold then sav- 
age beastes, for wee with our owne eyes have scene some of 
them, when it was coldest (which cold was extreme raw and 

^ Maize, according to a gloss in the margin. ' Tobacco. 



1686] CAETIER^S SECOND VOYAGE 69 

bitter) come to our ships starke naked going upon snow and 
yce, which thing seemeth incredible to them that have not 
seene it. When as the snow and yce lyeth on the gromid, they 
take great store of wilde beasts, as Faunes, Stags, Beares, 
Martems, Hares and Foxes, with divers other sorts whose flesh 
they eate raw, having first dried it in the smme or smoke, and 
80 they doe their fish. As farre foorth as we could perceive 
and understand by these people, it were a very easie thing to 
bring them to some famiUaritie and civility, and make them 
leame what one would. The Lord God for his mercies sake 
set thereimto his helping hand when he seeth cause. Amen. 



Of the greatnesse and depth of the said river, and of the sorts 
of beasts, birdes, fishes, and other things that we have 
seene, with the situation of the place. 

Chap. 11 

The said river beginneth beyond the Hand of the Assump- 
tion, over against the high mountaines of Hognedo, and of the 
seven Hands. The distance over from one side to the other 
is about 35 or 40 leagues. In the middest it is above 200 
fadome deepe. The surest way to sayle upon it is on the South 
side. And toward the North, that is to say, from the said 7 
Hands, from side to side, there is seven leagues distance, where 
are also two great rivers that come downe from the hils of 
Saguenay,* and make divers very dangerous shelves in the Sea. 
At the entrance of those two rivers we saw many and great store 
of Whales and Sea horses. Overthwart the said Hands there 
is another Uttle river that runneth along those marrish grounds 
about 3 or 4 leagues, wherein there is great store of water 
foules. Prom the entrance of that river to Hochelaga there 
is about 300 leagues distance : ^ the originall beginning of it is 
in the river that commeth from Saguenay, which riseth and 

^ Moime and St. Margaret. 

' Haklujrt says in the margin, " It is now found to be but 200 leagues." 



70 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1686 

springeth among high and steepe hils: it entreth into that 
river before it commeth to the Province of Canada on the 
North side. That river is very deepe, high, and streight, 
wherefore it is very dangerous for any vessell to goe upon it. 
After that river foUoweth the Province of Canada, wherein are 
many people dweUing in open boroughes and villages. There 
are also in the circuit and territorie of Canada, along, and within 
the said river, many other Hands, some great, and some small, 
among which there is one that containeth above ten leagues 
in length, full of goodly and high trees, and also many Vines. 
You may goe into it from both sides, but yet the surest passage 
is on the South side. On the shore or banke of that river West- 
ward, there is a goodly, faire, and delectable bay or creeke, 
convenient and fit for to harborough ships. Hard by there is 
in that river one place very narrow, deepe, and swift running, 
but it is not passing the third part of a league, over against the 
which there is a goodly high piece of land, with a towne therein : 
and the countrey about it is very well tilled and wrought, and 
as good as possibly can be scene. That is the place and abode 
of Donnacona, and of our two men we tooke in oiu- first voyage. 
It is called Stadacona. But before we come to it, there are 4 
other peopled townes, that is to say, Ayraste, Stamatan, 
Tailla, which standeth upon a hill, Scitadin, and then Stada- 
gona, under which towne toward the North the river and port 
of the holy crosse is, where we staled from the 15 of September, 
imtil the 16 of May 1536, and there our ships remained dry, 
as we have said before. That place being past, we found the 
habitation of the people called Teguenondahi, standing upon 
an high mountaine, and the valley of Hochelay, which standeth 
in a Champaigne countrey. All the said countrey on both sides 
of the river as farre as Hochelay and beyond, is as faire and 
plaine as ever was seene. There are certain mountaines farre 
distant from the said river, which are to be seene above the 
foresaid townes, from which mountaines divers rivers de- 
scend, which fall into the said river. All that countrey is 
full of sundry sorts of wood and many Vines, unless it be 
about the places that are inhabited, where they have pulled 



1535] CARTIER'S SECOND VOYAGE 71 

up the trees to till and labour the ground, and to build their 
houses and lodgings. There is great store of Stags, Deere, 
Beares, and other such Uke sorts of beasts, as Connies, Hares, 
Martems, Foxes, Otters, Severs, Weasels, Badgers, and Rats 
exceeding great and divers other sortes of wilde beasts. 
They cloth themselves with the skinnes of those beasts, 
because they have nothing else to make them apparell withall. 
There are also many sorts of birdes, as Cranes, Swannes, 
Bustards, wild Geese white and gray, Duckes, Thrushes, 
Blackbirdes, Turtles, wilde Pigeons, Lenites, Finches, Red- 
breasts, Stares, Nightingales, Sparrowes, and other Birdes, 
even as in France. Also, as we have said before, the said river 
is the plentif ullest of fish that ever hath of any man bene seene 
or heard of, because that from the mouth to the end of it, ac- 
cording to their seasons, you shall finde all sorts of fresh 
water fish and salt. There are also many Whales, Porposes, 
Seahorses, and Adhothuis, which is a kind of fish that we had 
never seene or heard of before. They are as great as Porposes, 
as white as any snow, their bodie and head fashioned as a 
grayhoimd, they are wont alwaies to abide betwene the fresh 
and salt water, which beginneth betweene the river of Saguenay 
and Canada. 

Of certaine advertisements and notes given unto us by those 
coimtreymen, after our retiune from Hochelaga 

Chap. 12 

After our retume from Hochelaga, we dealt, trafiickt, and 
with great familiaritie and love were conversant with those that 
dwelt neerest imto oiu* ships, except that sometimes we had 
strife and contention with certaine naughtie people, full sore 
against the will of the others. Wee understood of Donnacona 
and of others, that the said river is called the river of Saguenay, 
and goeth to Saguenay, being somewhat more then a league 
farther Westnorthwest, and that 8 or 9 dayes journeys beyond, 
it will beare but small boats. But the right and readie way 



72 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1686 

to Saguenayisup that river to Hochelaga, and then into another 
that commeth from Saguenay, and then entreth into the fore- 
said river, and that there is yet one moneths sayUng thither. 
Moreover, they told ns and gave us to understand, that there 
are people clad with cloth as we are, very honest, and many 
inhabited townes, and that they have great store of Gold and 
red Copper: and that about the land beyond the said first 
river to Hochelaga and Saguenay, is an Hand environed roimd 
about with that and other rivers, and that beyond Saguenay 
the said river entereth into two or 3 great lakes, and that there 
is a Sea of fresh water ^ found, and as they have heard say of 
those of Saguenay, there was never man heard of that foimd 
out the end thereof : for, as they told us, they themselves were 
never there. Moreover they told us, that where we had left 
oiu- Pinnesse when wee went to Hochelaga, there is a river 
that goeth Southwest, from whence there is a whole moneths 
sayling to goe to a certaine land,* where there is neither yce nor 
snow U, where the mhabit;.to doe oontinuaUy waL one 
against another, where there is great store of Oranges, Almonds, 
Nuts, and Apples, with many other sorts of fruits, and that 
the men and women are clad with beasts skinnes even as they : 
we asked them if there were any gold or red copper, they an- 
swered no. I take this place to be toward Florida, as farre as 
I could perceive and imderstand by their signes and tokens. 

Of a strange and cruell disease that came to the people of 
Stadacona, wherewith because we did haunt their 
company, we were so infected, that there died 25 of 
our company. 

Chap. 13 

In the moneth of December, wee understood that the pes- 
tilence was come among the people of Stadacona, in such 

* Probably Lake Ontario. 

' A reference to a way southward by Lake Champlain and the Hudson 
River, or by waterways farther west. The river alluded to is further desig- 
nated by Hakluyt in ^e margin as " The river of Irrouacas [L*oquois] falling 
into the lake of Angolesme "; i.e., the Richelieu River. 



1586] CAETIEE'S SECOND VOYAGE 73 

sort, that before we knew of it, according to their confession, 
there were dead above 50 : whereupon we charged them neither 
to come neere our Fort, nor about oiu- ships, or us. And albeit 
we had driven them from us, the said unknowen sicknes began 
to spread itself e amongst us after the strangest sort that ever 
was eyther heard of or seene, insomuch as some did lose all 
their strength, and could not stand on their feete, then did 
their l^ges swel, their sinnowes shrinke as blacke as any cole. 
Others also had all their skins spotted with spots of blood of a 
purple coulom* : then did it ascend up to their ankels, knees, 
thighes, shoulders, armes and necke: their mouth became 
stincking, their gummes so rotten, that all the flesh did fall oflf, 
even to the rootes of the teeth, which did also almost all fall out. 
With such infection did this sicknesse * spread itselfe in oiu- 
three ships, that about the middle of February, of a hundreth 
and tenne persons that we were, there were not ten whole, so that 
one could not help the other, a most horrible and pitifull case, 
considering the place we were in, forsomuch as the people of 
the countrey would dayly come before our fort, and saw but 
few of us. There were alreadie eight dead, and more then fifty 
sicke, and as we thought, past all hope of recovery. Our Cap- 
taine seeing this our misery, and that the sicknesse was gone 
so farre, ordained and commanded, that every one should de- 
voutly prepare himselfe to prayer, and in remembrance of 
Christ, caused his Image to be set upon a tree, about a flight 
shot from the fort amidst the yce and snow, giving all men to 
understand, that on the Sunday following, service should be 
said there, and that whosoever could goe, sicke or whole, 
should goe thither m Procession, smgmg the seven Psabnes of 
David, with other Letanies, praying most heartily that it 
would please the said our Christ to have compassion upon us. 
Service being done, and as well celebrated as we coidd, our 
Captaine there made a vow, that if it would please God to give 
him leave to retume into France, he would go on Pilgrimage 
to our Ladie of Rocquemado. That day PhiUp Rougemont, 

* The scurvy. 



74 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1686 

bome in Amboise, died, being 22 yeeres olde, and because the 
sicknesse was to us unknowen, our Captaine caused him to be 
ripped to see if by any meanes possible we might know what 
it was, and so seeke meanes to save and preserve the rest of the 
company: he was found to have his heart white, but rotten, 
and more then a quart of red water about it : his Uver was in- 
different f aire, but his lungs blacke and mortified, his blood was 
altogither shrunke about the heart, so that when he was opened 
great quantitie of rotten blood issued out from about his heart : 
his milt toward the backe was somewhat perished, rough as it 
had bene rubbed against a stone. Moreover, because one of 
his thighs was very blacke without, it was opened, but within 
it was whole and sound : that done, as well as we could he was 
buried. In such sort did the sicknesse continue and increase, 
that there were not above three sound men in the ships, and 
none was able to goe under hatches to draw drinke for himself e, 
nor for his fellowes. Sometimes we were constrained to bury 
some of the dead under the snow, because we were not able to 
digge any graves for them the ground was so hard frozen, and 
we so weake. Besides this, we did greatly feare that the people 
of the countrey would perceive our weaknesse and miserie, 
which to hide, our Captaine, whom it pleased God alwayes to 
keepe in health, would go out with two or three of the com- 
pany, some sicke and some whole, whom when he saw out of 
the Fort, he would throw stones at them and chide them, 
faigning that so soone as he came againe, he would beate them, 
and then with signes shewe the people of the countrey that hee 
caused all his men to worke and labour in the ships, some in 
calking them, some in beating of chalke, some in one thing, and 
some in another, and that he would not have them come foorth 
till their worke was done. And to make his tale seeme true 
and likely, he would make all his men whole and sound to make 
a great noyse with knocking stickes, stones, hammers, and other 
things togither, at which time we were so oppressed and grieved 
with that sicknesse, that we had lost all hope ever to see France 
againe, if God of his infinite goodnesse and mercie had not with 
his pitifull eye looked upon us, and revealed a singular and ex- 



1636] CAETDEE^S SECOND VOYAGE 76 

cellent remedie against all diseases unto us, the best that ever 
was found upon eacth, as hereafter shall follow. 

How long we stayed in the Port of the holy Crosse amidst the 
snow and yce, and how many died of the said disease, 
from the beginning of it to the midst of March 

Chap. 14 

Prom the midst of November imtiU the midst of March, 
we were kept in amidst the yce above two fadomes thicke, and 
snow above foure foot high and more, higher then the sides 
of our ships, which lasted till that time, in such sort, that all 
our drinkes were frozen in the Vessels, and the yce through all 
the ships was above a hand-breadth thicke, as well above 
hatches as beneath, and so much of the river as was fresh, 
even to Hochelaga, was frozen, in which space there died five 
and twentie of om* best and chief est men, and all the rest were 
so sicke, that wee thought they should never recover againe, 
only three or foure excepted. Then it pleased God to cast his 
pitiful eye upon us, and sent us the knowledge of remedie of 
our healthes and recoverie, in such maner as in the next Chap- 
ter shall be shewed. 



How by the grace of God we had notice of a certaine tree, 
whereby we all recovered our health : and the maner 
how to use it. 

Chap. 15 

Our Captaine considering our estate (and how that sick- 
nesse was encreased and hot amongst us) one day went foorth 
of the Forte, and walking upon the yce, hee saw a troupe of 
those Countreymen comming from Stadacona, among which 
was Domagaia, who not passing ten or twelve dayes afore, had 
bene veiy sicke with that disease, and had his knees swolne 



76 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1685 

as bigge as a childe of two yeres old, all his sinews shrunke 
together, his teeth spoyled, his gummes rotten, and stinking. 
Our Captaine seeing him whole and sound, was thereat mar- 
vellous glad, hoping to understand and know of him how he 
had healed himself e, to the end he might ease and help his men. 
So soone as they were come neere him, he asked Domagaia 
how he had done to heale himselfe : he answered, that he had 
taken the juice and sappe of the leaves of a certain Tree, and 
therewith had healed himselfe: For it is a singular remedy 
against that disease. Then our Captaine asked of him if 
any were to be had thereabout, desiring him to shew him, for to 
heale a servant of his, who whilest he was in Canada with Don- 
nacona, was striken with that disease : That he did because he 
would not shew the number of his sicke men. Domagaia 
straight sent two women to fetch some of it, which brought ten 
or twelve branches of it, and therewithall shewed the way how 
to use it, and that is thus, to take the barke and leaves of the 
sayd tree, and boile them togither, then to drinke of the sayd 
decoction every other day, and to put the dregs of it upon his 
legs that is sicke : moreover, they told us, that the vertue of 
that tree was, to heale any other disease : the tree is in their 
language called Ameda or Hanneda, this is thought to be the 
Sassafras tree. Our Captaine presently caused some of that 
drink to be made for his men to drink of it, but there was none 
durst tast of it, except one or two, who ventured the drinking of 
it, only to tast and prove it : the other seeing that did the like, 
and presently recovered their health, and were delivered of 
that sickenes, and what other disease soever, in such sorte, 
that there were some had bene diseased and troubled with the 
French Pockes foure or five yeres, and with this drinke were 
cleane healed. After this medicine was found and proved to 
be true, there was such strife about it, who should be first to 
take it, that they were ready to kill one another, so that a tree 
as big as any Oake in France was spoiled and lopped bare, and 
occupied all in five or sixe daies, and it wrought so wel, that 
if all the phisicians of Mountpelier and Lovaine had bene there 
with all the drugs of Alexandria, they would not have done so 



1686] CAETIER'S SECOND VOYAGE 77 

much in one yere, as that tree * did in sixe dayes, for it did 
so prevaile, that as many as used of it, by the grace of God 
recovered their health. 



How the Lord Donnacona accompanied with Taignoagny and 
divers others, faining that they would goe to hunt 
Stags, and Deere, taried out two moneths, and at 
their retiune brought a great multitude of people 
with them, that we were not wont to see before. 

Chap. 16 

While that disease lasted in our ships, the lord Donnacona, 
Taignoagny, with many others went from home, faining that 
they would goe to catch Stags and Deere, which are in their 
tongue called Aiounesta, and Asquenoudo, because the yce 
and snow was not so broken along the river that they could 
sayle : it was told us of Domagaia and others, that they would 
stay out but a fortnight, and we beleeved it, but they stayed 
above two moneths, which made us mistrust that they had 
bene gone to raise the countrey to come against us, and do us 
some displeasure, we seeing oiu* selves so weake and faint. 
Albeit we had used such diligence and poUcie in our Fort, 
that if all the power of the countrey had bene about it, they 
could have done nothing but looke upon us : and whilest they 
were foorth, many of the people came dayly to our ships, and 
brought us fresh meat, as Stags, Deere, fishes, with divers other 
ttiiogs, but held them at such an excessive price, that rather 
thm they would sell them any thing cheape, many times they 
would carie them backe againe, because that yere the Winter 
was very long, and they had some scarcity and neede of them. 

^ The bark of the white pine is an antiscorbutic. 



< 



78 EABLT F&ENCH VOYAGES [1685 



How Donnacona came to Stadacona againe with a great num- 
ber of people, and because he would not come to visit 
our Captaine, fained himselfe to be sore sicke, which 
he did only to have the Captaine come see him. 

Chap. 17 

On the one and twentieth day of April Domagaia came to 
the shore side, accompanied with divers lusty and strong men, 
such as we were not wont to see, and tolde us that their lord 
Donnacona would the next day come and see us, and bring 
great store of Deeres flesh, and other things with him. The 
next day he came and brought a great nmnber of men to Stada- 
cona, to what end, and for what cause wee knew not, but (as 
the proverb sayth) hee that takes heede and shields himselfe 
from all men, may hap to scape from some : for we had need to 
looke about us, considering how in number we were dimmished, 
and in strength greatly weakned, both by reason of our sick- 
nesse and also of the number that were dead, so that we were 
constrained to leave one of our ships in the Port of the Holy 
Crosse. Our Captaine was warned of their comming, and how 
they had brought a great number of men with them, for Doma- 
gaia came to tell it us, and durst not passe the river that was 
betwixt Stadacona and us, as he was wont to doe, whereupon 
we mistrusted some treason. Our Captaine seeing this sent 
one of his servants to them, accompanied with John Poulet 
being best beloved of those people, to see who were there, and 
what they did. The sayd Poulet and the other fained them- 
selves onely to be come to visit Donnacona, and bring h\m 
certaine presents, because they had beene together a good 
while in the sayd Donnaconas Towne. So soone as he heard 
of their comming, he got himselfe to bed, faining to bee very 
sicke. That done, they went to Taignoagny his house to see 
him, and wheresoever they went, they saw so many people, 
that in a maner one could not stirre for another, and such men 



1636] CAETIER'S SECOND VOYAGE 79 

as they were never wont to see. Taignoagny would not permit 
our men to enter into any other houses, but still kept them com- 
pany, and brought them halfe way to their ships, and tolde 
them that if it would please our captaine to shew him so much 
favour as to take a Lord of the Countrey, whose name was 
Agonna, of whom hee had received some displeasure, and carie 
him with him into France, he should therefore for ever be bound 
unto him, and would doe for him whatsoever hee would com- 
mand him, and bade the servant come againe the next day, 
and bring an answere. Our Captaine being advertised of so 
many people that were there, not knowing to what end, pur- 
posed to play a prettie prancke, that is to say, to take their 
Lord Donnacona, Taignoagny, Domagaia, and some m^e of 
the chiefest of them prisoners, in so much as before hee had 
purposed, to bring them into France, to shew imto our King 
what he had seene in those Westeme parts, and marvels 
of the world, for that Donnacona had told us, that he 
had bene in the Countrey of Saguenay, in which are infinite 
Rubies, Gold, and other riches, and that there are white men, 
who clothe themselves with woollen cloth even as we doe in 
France. Moreover he reported, that hee had bene in another 
countrey of a people called Picquemians, and other strange 
people. The sayd Lord was an olde man, and even from his 
diildehood had never left oflf nor ceased from travailing into 
strange Countreys, as well by water and rivers, as by lande. 
The sayd Poulet and the other having tolde our Captaine their 
Embassage, and shewed him what Taignoagny his will was, 
the next day he sent his servant againe to bid Taignoagny 
come and see him, and shewe what hee should, for he 
should be very well entertained, and also part of his will 
should be accomplished. Taignoagny sent him word, that 
the next day hee would come and bring the Lord Donnacona 
with him, and him that had so offended him, which hee 
did not, but stayed two dayes, in which time none came 
from Stadacona to our shippes, as they were wont to doe, 
but rather fled from us, as if we would have slaine them, so 
that then wee plainely perceived their knavery. 



80 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1686 

But because they understood, that those of Sidatin did fre- 
quent our company, and that we had forsaken the bottome 
of a ship * which we would leave, to have the olde nailes out 
of it, the third day following they came from Stadacona, and 
most of them without difficulty did passe from one side of the 
river to the other with small Skiff es : but Donnacona would not 
come over : Taignoagny and Domagaia stood talking together 
about an hoiu-e before they would come over, at last they 
came to speake with oiu- Captaine. There Taignoagny 
prayed him that hee would cause the foresayd man to be 
taken and caried into France. Our Captaine refused to 
doe it, saying that his King had forbidden him to bring any 
man or woman into France, onely that he might bring two or 
three yong boyes to leame the language, but that he would 
willingly cary him to Newfoundland, and there leave him in an 
Island. Our Captaine spake this, onely to assiu-e them, that 
they should bring Donnacona with them, whom they had left 
on the other side: which wordes, when Taignoagny heard, 
hee was very glad, thinking hee should never retume into 
France againe, and therefore promised to come the next day, 
which was the day of the Holy Crosse, and to bring Donnacona 
and all the people with him. 

How that upon Holyrood day our Captaine caused a Crosse to 
be set up in oiu- Forte : and how the Lord Donnacona, 
Taignoagny, Domagaia, and others of their company 
came : and of the taking of the sayd Lord. 

Chap. 18 

The third of May being Holyroode day, our Captaine for the 
solemnitie of the day, caused a goodly fayre crosse of 35 foote 
in height to bee set up, under the crosset of which hee caused a 

* The remains were discovered in 1843. A part was sent to the museum 
of the Historical Society at Quebec, and the rest to the museum at St.-Malo. 
The museum of the Historical Society at Quebec was destroyed by fire in 
1854. 



1636] CARTIER'S SECOND VOYAGE 81 

shield to be hanged, wherein were the Armes of France, and 
over them was written in antique letters, Franciscus primus 
Dei gratia Francorum Rex regnat. And upon that day about 
noone, there came a great number of the people of Stadacona, 
men, women and children, who told us that their Lord Donna- 
cona, Taignoagny, and Domagaia were comming, whereof we 
were very glad, hoping to retaine them. About two of the clocke 
in the aftemoone they came, and being come neere oiu* ships, 
our Captaine went to salute Donnacona, who also shewed him 
a mery countenance, albeit very fearefully his eyes were still 
bent toward the wood. Shortly after came Taignoagny, who 
bade Donnacona that he should not enter into oiu* Forte, 
and therefore fire was brought forth by one of our men, and 
kindled where their Lord was. Our Captaine prayed him to 
come into our ships to eate and drinke as hee was wont to do, 
and also Taignoagny, who promised, that after a while he would 
come, and so they did, and entred into our ships: but first 
it was told our Captain by Domagaia that Taignoagny had 
spoken ill of him, and that he had bid Donnacona hee should not 
come aboord oiu- ships. Oiu- Captaine perceiving that, came 
out of the Forte, and saw that onely by Taignoagny his warning 
the women ran away, and none but men stayed in great num- 
ber, wherefore he straight commanded his men to lay hold on 
Donnacona, Taignoagny, and Domagaia, and two more of the 
chief est whom he pointed imto : then he commanded them 
to make the other to retire. Presently after, the said lord 
entred into the Fort with the Captaine, but by and by Taigno- 
agny came to make him come out againe. Our Captaine 
seeing that there was no other remedy, began to call imto them 
to take them, at whose crie and voice all his men came forth, 
and tooke the sayd Lord with the others, whom they had 
appointed to take. The Canadians seeing their Lord taken, 
b^an to run away, even as sheepe before the woolfe, some 
crossing over the river, some through the woods, each one 
seeking for his owne advantage. That done, we retired our 
selves, and laid up the prisoners under good guard and 
safety. 



82 EARLY FBENCH VOYAGES [1686 



How the said Canadians the night following came before our 
ships to seeke their men, crying and howling all night 
like Woolves : of the talke and conclusion they agreed 
upon the next day: and of the gifts which they 
gave our Captaine. 

Chap. 19 

The night following they came before our ships, (the river 
being betwixt us) striking their breasts, and crying and howling 
like woolves, still calling Agouhanna, thinking to speake with 
him, which our Captame for that time would not permit, 
neither all the next day till noone, whereupon they made signes 
imto us, that we had hanged or killed him. About noone, 
there came as great a number in a cluster, as ever we saw, who 
went to hide themselves in the Forest, except some, who with 
a loud voice would call and crie to Donnacona to speake unto 
them. Our Captaine then commanded Donnacona to be 
brought up on high to speake unto them, and bade him be 
merrie, for after he had spoken, and shewed imto the King of 
France what hee had seene in Saguenay and other countreys, 
after ten or twelve moneths, he should retume againe, and that 
the King of France would give him great rewards. Donnacona 
was very glad, and speaking to the others told it them, who in 
token of joy, gave out three great cryes, and then Donnacona 
and his people had great talke together, which for want of in- 
terpreters, cannot be described. Our Captaine bade Donna- 
cona that hee should cause them to come to the other side of 
the river, to the end they might better talke together without 
any f eare, and that he should assure them : which Donnacona 
did, and there came a boate full of the chiefest of them to the 
ships, and there anew began to talke together, giving great 
praise to our captaine, and gave him a present of foure and 
twenty chaines of Esurgny, for that is the greatest and precious- 
est riches they have in this world, for they esteeme more of 
that, then of any gold or silver. After they had long talked 



1686] CARTIER'S SECOND VOYAGE 88 

together, and that their Lord sawe that there was no remedy 
to avoide his going into France, hee commanded his people the 
next day, to bring him some victuals to serve him by the way. 
Our Captaine gave Donnacona, as a great present, two Frying 
pannes of copper, eight Hatchets, and other small trifles, as 
Knives, and Beades, whereof hee seemed to be very glad, who 
sent them to his wives and children. Likewise, he gave to them 
that came to speake with Donnacona, they thanked him greatly 
for them, and then went to their lodgings. 



How the next day, being the fift of May, the same people came 
againe to speake imto their Lord, and how foure 
women came to the shore to bring him victuals. 

Chap. 20 

Upon the fift of May, very early in the morning, a great 
number of the sayd people came againe to speake unto their 
Lord, and sent a boate, which in their tongue they call Casnoni, 
wherein were onely foure women, without any man, for feare 
their men should be retained. 

These women brought great store of victuals, as great Millet, 
which is their come that they Uve withall, flesh, fish, and other 
things, after their fashion. 

These women being come to our shippes, our Captaine did 
very friendly entertaine them. Then Donnacona prayed our 
Captaine to tell these women that hee should come againe after 
ten or twelve moneths, and bring Donnacona to Canada with 
him : this hee sayd only to appease them^ which our Captaine 
did : wherefore the women, as well by words as signes, seemed 
to be very glad, giving oiu* Captaine thanks, and told him, if he 
came againe, and brought Donnacona with him, they would give 
him many things: in signe whereof, each one gave our Cap- 
taine a chaine of Esiu-gny, and then passed to the other side 
of the river againe, where stood all the people of Stadacona, who 
taking all leave of their Lord, went home againe. On Satur- 



84 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [16W 

day following, being the sixt of the moneth, we departed out 
of the sayd Port of Santa Croix, and came to harborough a 
little beneath the Island of Orleans, about twelve leagues from 
the Port of the Holy Crosse, and upon Sonday we came to the 
Island of Filberds, where we stayed imtil the sixteenth of that 
moneth, till the fiercenesse of the waters were past, which at 
that time ranne too swift a course, and were too dangerous 
to come downe along the river, and therefore we stayed till 
faire weather came. In the meane while many of Donnaconas 
subjects came from the river of Saguenay to him, but being by 
Domagaia advertised, that their Lord was taken to bee caryed 
into France they were all amazed : yet for all that they would 
not leave to come to our ships, to speake to Donnacona, who 
told them that after twelve moneths he should come againe, 
and that he was very well used by the Captaine, Gentlemen, 
and Mariners. Which when they heard, they greatly thanked 
our Captaine and gave their Lord three bimdles of Beavers, 
and Sea Woolves skinnes, with a great knife of red copper that 
commeth from Saguenay, and other things. They gave also 
to our Captaine a chaine of Esurgny, for which our Captaine 
gave them ten or twelve Hatchets, and they gave him hearty 
thankes, and were very well contented. The next day, being 
the sixteenth of May, we hoysed sayle, and came from the 
said Island of Filberds, to another about fif teene leagues from it, 
which is about five leagues in length, and there, to the end we 
might take some rest the night following, we stayed that day, 
in hope the next day we might passe and avoide the dangers 
of the river of Saguenay, which are great. That evening we 
went a land and found great store of Hares, of which we tooke 
a great many, and therefore we called it the Island of Hares : 
in the night there arose a contrary wmde, with such stormes 
and tempest, that wee were constrained to retume to the Island 
of Filberds againe, from whence wee were come, because there 
was none other passage among the sayde Islandes, and there 
we stayed till the one and twentieth of that moneth, till faire 
weather and good winde came againe: and then wee sayled 
againe, and that so prosperously, that we passed to Honguedo, 



16S6] CARTIER'S SECOND VOYAGE 86 

which passage untill that time had not bene discovered : wee 
caused our ships to course athwart Cape Prat which is the be- 
ginning of the Port of Chaleur: and because the winde was 
good and convenient, we sayled all day and all night without 
staying, and the next day we came to the middle of Brions 
Island, which we were not minded to doe, to the end wee might 
shorten our way. These two lands lie Northwest, and South- 
east, and are about fiftie leagues one from another. The sayd 
Island is in latitude 47 degrees and a halfe. Upon Thursday 
being the twenty sixe of the moneth, and the feast of the Ascen- 
fflon of our Lord, we coasted over to a land and shallow of lowe 
sandes, which are about eight leagues Southwest from Brio'ns 
Island, above which are large Champaines, full of trees and 
also an enclosed sea, whereas we could neither see, nor perceive 
^^y gapp^ or way to enter thereinto. On Friday following, 
being the 27 of the moneth, because the wind did change on the 
coast, we came to Brions Island againe, where we stayed till 
the banning of Jime, and toward the Southeast of this Island, 
wee sawe a lande, seeming imto us an Island, we coasted it 
about two leagues and a halfe, and by the way we had notice 
of three other high Islands, lying toward the Sands : after wee 
had knowen these things we returned to the Cape of the sayd 
land, which doeth devide it self e into two or three very high 
Capes: the waters there are very deepe, and the flood of the 
sea runneth so swift, that it cannot possibly be swifter. That 
day we came to Cape Loreine,^ which is in forty seven degrees 
and a halfe toward the South : on which cape there is a low 
land, and it seemeth that there is some entrance of a river, 
but there is no haven of any worth. Above these lands we 
saw another cape toward the South, we named it Saint Paules 
Cape,* it is at 47 degrees and a quarter. 

The Sonday following, being the fourth of June, and Whit- 
sonday, wee had notice of the coast lying Eastsoutheast, 
distant from the Newf oimdland about two and twenty leagues : 
and because the wind was against us, we went to a Haven, which 

* Cape St. Lawrence. 

' Cheticamp, on the western coast of Cape Breton. 



86 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1638 

wee named S. Spiritus Porte/ where we stayed till Tewesday 
that we departed thence^ saylmg along that coast untill we 
came to Saint Peters Islands.^ Wee foimd along the sayd 
coast many very dangerous Islands and shelves, which lye all 
in the Eastsoutheast and Westnorthwest, about three and 
twenty leagues into the sea. Whilest we were in the sayd 
Saint Peters Islands we met with many ships of France and 
of Britaine/ wee stayed there from Saint Barnabas day, being 
the eleventh of the moneth, until the sixteenth that we de- 
parted thence and came to Cape Rase, and entred into a Port 
called Rognoso, where we took in fresh water, and wood to 
passe the sea: there wee left one of our boates. Then upon 
Monday, being the nineteenth of June, we went from that 
Port, and with such good and prosperous weather we sailed 
along the sea, in such sorte, that upon the sixt of July 1536 
we came to the Porte of S. Malo, by the grace of God, to whom 
we pray, here ending our Navigation, that of his infinite mercy 
he will grant us his grace and favour, and in the end bring us 
to the place of everlasting felicitie. Amen. 



Here followeth the language of the countrey, and kingdomes of 
Hochelaga and Canada, of us called New France : But 
first the names of their numbers. 

Secada 1 Indahir 6 

Tigneni 2 Aiaga 7 

Hasche 3 Addigue 8 

Hannaion 4 Madellon 9 

Oviscon 5 Assem 10 

* Le Foil Bay, on the southern coast of Newfoundland. 

* St. Pierre, off the southern coast of Newfoundland. 

* Brittany. 



IW] 



CAETIEE'S SECOND VOYAGE 



87 



Here follow the names the chiefest partes of mesa, and other 

words necessary to be knowen. 



the Head 
the Browe 
the Eyes 
the Eares 
the Mouth 
the Teeth 
the Tongue 
the Throat 
the Beard 
the Face 
theHaires 
the Armes 
the Flanckes 
the Stomacke 
the Bellie 
theThighes 
the Knees 

the L^ges 

theFeete 
the Hands 
the Fingers 
the Nailes 
a Mans mem- 
ber 
a Womans 
member 
an Eele 
aSnaile 
aTortois 
Woods 



aggonzi 

hegueniascon 

higata 

abontascon 

esahe 

esgongay 

osnache 

agonhon 

hebelim 

hegouascon 

aganiscon 

aiayascon 

aissonne 

aggruascon 

eschehenda 

hetnegradascon 

agochmegodas- 

con 
agouguene- 

honde 
onchidascon 
aignoascon 
agenoga 
agedascon 
ainoaficon 

castaigne 

esgueny 
undeguezi 
heuleuxima 
conda 



leaves of 

Trees 
God 
give me some 

drink 
give me to 

breakfast 
give me my 

supper 
let us goe to 

bed 
a Man 
a woman 
a Boy 
a Wench 
a Child 
a Gowne 
a Doublet 
Hosen 
Shooes 
a Shirt 
aCappe 
Come 
Bread 
Water 
Flesh 
Reisins 
Damsons 
Figges 
Grapes 
Nuttes 
a Hen 



hoga 

cudragny 
quazahoa- 

quea 
quaso hoa 

quascaboa 
quaza hoa 

quatfriam 
casigno agny- 

dahoa 
aguehimi 
agruaste 
addegesta 
agniaquesta 
exiasta 
cabata 
caioza 
hemondoha 
atha 
amgoua 
castrua 
osizi 

carraconny 
ame 

quahouascon 
queion 
honnesta 
absconda 
ozoba 
quahoya 
sahomgahoa 



88 



EAELY FRENCH VOYAGES 



[1696 



a Lamprey 
a Salmon 
a Whale 
a Goose 
a Streete 
Cucumber 

seede 
to Morrowe 
the Heaven 
the Earth 
the Sunne 
the Moone 
the Starres 
the Wmde 
good morrow 
let us go to 

play 
come and 

speak with 

me 
lookeuponme 
hold your 

peace 
let us go with 

the boat 
give me a 

knife 
a Hatchet 



zisto 

ondacon 

ainne honne 

sadeguenda 

adde 

casconda 

achide 

quenhia 

damga 

ysmay 

assomaha 

stagnehoham 

cohoha 

aignag 

casigno caudy 

a^gniquad- 
dadia 

quagathoma 
aista 

casigno casnovy 

buazahca ago- 

heda 
adogne 



a Bow 
a Darte 
let us goe a 

hunting 
a Stagge 
a Sheepe 
a Hare 
aDogge 
aTowne 
the Sea 
the waves of 

the sea 
an Island 
anHiU 
theyce 
Snow 
Ciolde 
Hotte 
Fier 
Smoke 
a House 
Beanes 
Cinnamom 
my Father 
my Mother 
my Brother 
my Sister 



ahenca 
quahetan 
Casigno don- 

nascat 
aionnesta 
asquenondo 
Sourhanda 
agaya 
Canada 
agogasy 
coda 

cohena 

agacha 

honnesca 

camsa 

athau 

odazani 

azista 

quea 

canoca 

sahe 

adhotathny 

addathy 

adanahoe 

addagrim 

adhoasseve 



They of Canada say, that it is a moneths sayling to goe to 
a lande where Cinnamom and Cloves are gathered. 

Here endeth the Relation of James Cartiers discovery and 
Navigation to the Newfoundlands, by him named New France. 



THE THIRD VOYAGE OF DISCOVERY 
MADE BY CAPTAINE JAQUES CARTIER 

1541 



INTRODUCTION 

Cabtier had discovered a great river, bordered by fertile 
lands. The terrible sufferings through which the explorers 
passed during their long winter at St. Croix, however, made a 
deep impression upon them, and their sufferings very naturally 
found expression in the reports of the expedition made by the 
survivors on their return to France. Not much was said about 
gold in these reports, and it was gold with other valuable com- 
modities which the Spaniards were bringing from their New 
World possessions. The king accordingly hesitated to encour- 
age Cartier in his wish to return, and take possession of the 
country he had discovered. The invasion of his kingdom 
by the king of Spain, moreover, now occupied his attention. 
At length, however, he was persuaded by an influential noble- 
man in the small district of Vimeux in the province of Picardy, 
— Jean Fran9ois de la Rocque de Roberval, — who was not 
only deeply interested in the undertaking, but was ready to 
embark in it personally. By letters patent, dated January 15, 
1540, Roberval as **Lord of Norumb^a, Viceroy and Lieuten- 
ant-general of Canada, Hochelaga, Saguenay, Newfoundland, 
Belle Isle, Carpunt, Labrador, the Great Bay and Baccalaos," 
to all which was given the name of New France — considered 
by Francis to be the northeastern end of Asia — was placed at 
the head of the expedition, while Cartier retained his title of 
Captain-general and Chief Pilot of the king's ships. Rober- 
val was to establish a colony in the new possessions, which in- 
cluded all the territory north of 40°. Sailing from St.-Malo m 
May, 1541 (probably),^ Cartier spent the winter of 1541-1542 at 

See p. d5| note 1, below. 
91 



92 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES 

Charleebourg Royal, about four leagues beyond the harbor of St. 
Croix, and at the end of May, 1542, not hearing from Roberval, 
and having an insufficient supply of provisions, the Indians also 
appearing unfriendly, he concluded to return to France. On his 
way, in the harbor of St. John's, Newfoundland, Cartier found 
Roberval with his three ships and two hundred colonists ; but 
he could not be induced to turn back, and continued his voyage 
homeward. Roberval located his colony at Charlesbourg Royal, 
and in the autmnn sent two of his vessels back to France for 
supplies. After a winter of hardship and suffering, Roberval 
explored the Saguenay, and later returned to France, Cartier, 
some think, leading a relief expedition. If so, this was Cartier's 
last voyage to the New World. He died September 1, 1557, 
either at St.-Malo, or at his summer seat called Limo'flou. 
The following report of Cartier's third voyage is a translation 
made by Hakluyt of the official French report. Unfortunately 
it is a fragment, the last date mentioned in the narrative being 
September 11, and as we have no other source of informa- 
tion concerning the third voyage, the original narrative of 
the expedition in French not having been found, we have 
no account of Cartier's second-winter experiences in Canada. 

H» S. B. 



THE THIRD VOYAGE OF DISCOVERY 
MADE BY CAPTAINE JAQUES CARTIER 

1541 

The third voyage of discovery made by Captaine Jaques 
Cartier, 1540. I1541'] unto the Countreys of Canada, 
Hochelaga, and Saguenay. 

King Francis the first having heard the report of Captaine 
CSartier his Pilot generall in his two former Voyages of discovery, 
as well by writing as by word of mouth, touching that which hee 
had found and seene in the Westeme partes discovered by him 
in the parts of Canada and Hochelaga, and having also seene 
and talked with the people, which the sayd Cartier had brought 
out of those Countreys, whereof one was king of Canada, whose 
name was Donnacona, and others : which after that they had 
bene a long time in France and Britaine,* were baptized at their 
owne desire and request, and died in the sayd countrey of 
Britaine. And albeit his Majestie was advertized by the sayd 
Cartier of the death and decease of all the people which were 
brought over by him (which were tenne in number) saving one 
little girle about tenne yeeres old, yet he resolved to send the 
sayd Cartier his Pilot thither againe, with John Francis de la 
Roche, Knight, Lord of Roberval,^ whome hee appointed his 
Lieutenant and Govemom* in the Countreys of Canada and 
Hochelaga, and the sayd Cartier Captaine Generall and leader 
of the shippes that they might discover more then was done 
before in the former voyages, and attaine (if it were possible) 
unto the knowledge of the Countrey of Saguenay, whereof the 
people brought by Cartier, as is declared, made mention imto 
the King, that there were great riches, and very good countreys. 

* Brittany. ' Near Boulogne, between that town and Calais. 

93 



«4 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1641 

And the King caused a certaine summe of money to be de- 
livered to furnish out the sayd voyage with five shippee: 
which thing was perfourmed by the sayd Monsieur Roberval 
and Cartier. After that they had agreed together to rigge 
the sayd five ships at Saint Malo in Britaine, where the two 
former voyages had beene prepared and set forth, And the 
said Monsieur Roberval sent Cartier thither for the same pur- 
pose, And after that Cartier had caused the said five ships 
to be built and furnished and set in good order, Monsieur 
Roberval came downe to S. Malo and found the ships fallen 
downe to the roade, with their yards acrosse full ready to de- 
part and set saile, staying for nothing else but the comming of 
the Generall, and the payment of the fmniture. And because 
Monsieur Roberval the kings lieutenant had not as yet his 
artiUery, powder and munitions, and other things necessary 
come downe, which he had provided for the voyage, in the 
Countreys of Champaigne and Normandie: and because the 
said things were very necessary, and that hee was loth to 
depart without them, he determined to depart from S. Malo 
to Roan,* and to prepare a ship or two at Honfleur, whither 
he thought his things were come : And that the said Cartier 
shoulde depart with the five shippes which he had furnished, 
and should goe before. Considering also that the said Cartier 
had received letters from the king, whereby hee did expresly 
charge him to depart and set sayle unmediatly upon the sight 
and receit thereof, on payne of incurrmg his displeasure, and 
to lay all the fault on him. And after the conclusion of these 
things, and the said Monsieur Roberval had taken muster 
and view of the gentlemen, souldiers, and mariners which were 
retained and chosen for the performance of the sayd voyage, 
hee gave unto Captain Cartier full authoritie to depart and goe 
before, and to goveme all things as if he had bene there in 
person: and himself e departed to Honfleur to make his far- 
ther preparation. After these things thus dispatched, the 
winde comming f aire, the f oresayd five ships set sayle together 

^ Rouen. 



1641] CAKTIER'S THIRD VOYAGE 96 

well furnished and victualled for two yeere, the 23. of May, 1540.* 
And we sailed so long with contrary winds and continuall tor- 
ments, which fell out by reason of our late departure, that 
wee were on the sea with our sayd five ships full three moneths 
before wee could arrive at the Port and Haven of Canada, 
without ever having in all that time 30 houres of good wind 
to serve us to keepe our right course : so that our five shippes 
through those stormes lost company one of another, all save 
two that kept together, to wit that wherein the Captaine was, 
and the other wherein went the Vicount of Beaupre, untiU at 
length at the end of one moneth wee met all together at the 
Haven of Carpont* in Newfoimdland. But the length of 
time which we were in passing betweene Britayne and New- 
foundland was the cause that we stood in great neede of water, 
because of the cattell, as well Goates, Hogges, as other 
beastes which we caried for breede in the Countrey, which 
wee were constrained to water with Sider and other 
drinke. Now therefore because we were the space of three 
moneths in sayling on the sea, and staying in Newfoundland, 
wajrting for Monsieur Roberval, and taking in of fresh water 
and other things necessary, wee arrived not before the 
Haven of Saincte Croix in Canada, (where in the former 
voyage we had remayned eight moneths) untill the 23. 
day of August. In which place the people of the Countrey 
came to our shippes, making shew of joy for our ar- 
rivall, and namely he came thither which had the rule and 
government of the Coimtrey of Canada, named Agona, which 
was appointed king there by Donacona, when in the former 

^ Baxter, in his Memoir of Jacques Cartier, p. 44, gives May 23, 1541, as 
the date of Cartier's sailing from St.-Malo. This is necessary in order to bring 
the narrative into harmony with the dates given in the relation of Roberval's 
voyage, which followed in the succeeding year. If Cartier left France May 
23, 1540, and returned to France in the siunmer of 1541, he could not have 
met Roberval in the harbor of St. John's, Newfoundland, in June, 1542, as 
is stated in the relation of Roberval's voyage in Haklu3rt. The difficulty is 
relieved by supposing an error in Hakluyt, and making the date of Cartier's 
sailing from France on his third voyage May 23, 1541, instead of May 23, 
1540. 

' Island o£F the northeastern extremity of Newfoundland. 



96 EARLY FRENCH VOYAGES [1541 

voyage we carried him into France. And hee came to the 
Captaines ship with 6. or 7. boates, and with many women 
and children. And after the sayd Agona had inquired of the 
Gaptaine where Donacona and the rest were, the Captaine an- 
swered him, That Donacona was dead in France, and that his 
body rested in the earth, and that the rest stayed there as great 
Lords, and were maried, and would not retnme backe into 
their Comitrey : the said Agona made no shewe of anger at all 
these speeches: and I thinke he tooke it so well because he 
remained Lord and Govemour of the countrey by the death of 
the said Donacona. After which conference the said Agona 
tooke a piece of tanned leather of a yellow skin edged about 
with Esnoguy (which is their riches and the thing which they 
esteeme most precious, as wee esteeme gold) which was upon 
his head in stead of a crowne, and he put the same on the head 
of our Captaine, and tooke from his wrists two bracelets of 
Esnoguy, and put them upon the Captaines armes, colling him 
about the necke, and shewing unto him great signes of joy: 
which was all dissimulation, as afterward it wel appeal^. 
The captaine tooke his said crowne of leather and put it againe 
upon his head, and gave him and his wives certaine smal 
presents, signifying unto him that he had brought certaine 
new things, which afterward he would bestow upon him : for 
which the sayd Agona thanked the Captaine. And after that 
he had made him and his company eat and drinke, they de- 
parted and returned to the shore with their boates. After 
which things the sayd Captaine went with two of his boates up 
the river, beyond Canada and the Port of Saincte Croix, to 
view a Haven and a small river,* which is about 4. leagues 
higher : which he found better and more commodious to ride 
in and lay his ships, then the former. And therefore he re- 
turned and caused all his ships to be brought before the sayd 
river, and at a lowe water he caused his Ordinance to bee 
planted to place his ships in more safetie, which he meant to 
keepe and stay in the Countrey, which were three : which hee 

* Cape Rouge River. 



1541] CAETIER'S THIRD VOYAGE 97 

did the day following, and the rest remayned in the roade in 
the middest of the river (In which place the victuals and other 
furniture were discharged, which they had brought) from the 
26. of August untill the second of September, what time they 
departed to retume for S. Malo, in which ships he sent backe 
Mace JoUoberte* his brother' in lawe, and Steven Noel his 
Nephew, skilfull and excellent pilots, with letters unto the 
king, and to advertise him what had bene done and found: 
and how Monsieur de Roberval was not yet come, and that 
hee feared that by occasion of contrary winds and tempests 
he was driven backe againe into France. 



The description of the aforesaid River and Haven. 

The sayd River is small, not past 50. pases broad, and 
shippes drawing three fathoms water may enter in at a full 
sea: and at a low water there is nothing but a chanell of a 
foote deepe or thereabout. On both sides of the said River 
there are very good and faire grounds, full of as faire and 
mightie trees as any be in the world, and divers sorts, which 
are above tenne fathoms higher then the rest, and there is 
one kind of tree above three fathoms about, which they in the 
Cotmtrey call Hanneda, which hath the most excellent vertue 
of all the trees in the world, whereof I will make mention here- 
after. Moreover there are great store of Okes the most excel- 
lent that ever I saw in my life, which were so laden with Mast 
that they cracked againe : besides this there are fairer Arables,* 
Cedars, Beeches, and other trees, then grow in France: and 
hard unto this wood on the South side the groimd is all covered 
with Vines, which we found laden with grapes as blacke as 
Mulberies, but they be not so kind as those of France because 
the Vines bee not tilled, and because they grow of their owne 
accord. Moreover there are many white Thomes, which beare 
leaves as bigge as oken leaves, and fruit Uke imto Medlers," 

* Marc Jalobert. ' Sugar-maples. 

' A fruit resembling a small apple. 



98 EAELT FEENCH VOYAGES [1641 

To bee short, it is as good a Countrey to plow and mannure as 
a man should find or desire. We sowed seedes here of our 
Coimtrey, as Cabages, Naveaus/ Lettises and others, which 
grew and sprong up out of the ground in eight dayes. The 
mouth of the river is toward the South, and it windeth North- 
ward like unto a snake: and at the mouth of it toward the 
East there is a high and steepe cliflfe, where we made a way in 
maner of a payre of staires, and aloft we made a Fort ' to 
keepe the nether Fort and the ships, and all things that might 
passe aswell by the great as by this small river. Moreover a man 
may behold a great extension of ground apt for tillage, straite 
and handsome, and somewhat enclining toward the South, as 
easie to be brought to tillage as I would desire, and very well 
replenished with f aire Okes and other trees of great beauty, no 
thicker then the Forrests of France. Here we set twenty men 
to worke, which in one day had laboured about an acre and an 
halfe of the said ground, and sowed it part with Naveaus or 
small Tumeps, which at the ende of eight dayes, as I said 
before, sprang out of the earth. And upon that high cliflfe 
wee found a faire fountaine very neere the sayd Fort : adjoyn- 
ing whereunto we found good store of stones, which we es- 
teemed to be Diamants. On the other side of the said moun- 
taine and at the foote thereof, which is towards the great River 
is all along a goodly Myne of the best yron in the world, and 
it reacheth even hard unto our Fort, and the sand which we 
tread on is perfect refined Myne, ready to be put into the 
fomace. And on the waters side we foimd certaine leaves of 
fine gold as thicke as a mans nayle. And Westward of the 
said River there are, as hath bene sayd, many faire trees : and 
toward the water a goodly Medow full of as faire and goodly 
grasse as ever I sawe in any Medowe in France : and betweene 
the said Medow and the Wood are great store of Vines : and 
beyond the said Vines the land groweth full of Hempe which 
groweth of it selfe, which is as good as possibly may be seene, 

* Turnips, as below. 

' The river is the Cape Rouge River and the fort was built on the high 
ground now known as Redclyffe. 



1641] CARTIER'S THIRD VOYAGE 99 

and as strong. And at the ende of the sayd Medow withm an 
hundred pases there is a rising ground, which is of a kind of 
slate stone blacke and thicke, wherein are veines of mynerall 
matter, which shewe like gold and silver : and throughout all 
that stone there are great graines of the sayd Myne. And in 
some places we have found stones like Diamants, the most 
faire, pollished and excellently cut that it is possible for a man 
to see, when the Sunne shineth upon them, they glister as it 
were sparkles of &e.* 

How after the departure of the two shippes which were sent 
backe into Britaine, and that the Fort was begun to 
be builded, the Captaine prepared two boates to go 
up the great River to discover the passage of the 
three Saults or falles of the River. 

The sayd Captaine having dispatched two ships to retume 
to carry newes, according as hee had in charge from the king, 
and that the Fort was begun to be builded, for preservation of 
their victuals and other things, determined with the Vicount of 
Beaupre, and other Gentlemen, Masters, and Pilots chosen for 
counsayle, to make a voyage with two boates furnished with 
men and victuals to goe as farre as Hochelaga, of purpose to 
view and understand the fashion of the Saults of water, which 
are to be passed to goe to Saguenay, that hee might be the 
readier in the spring to passe farther, and in the Winter time 
to make all things needefuU in a readinesse for their businesse. 
The foresaid boates being made ready, the Captaine and 
Martine de Painpont, with other Gentlemen and the remnant 
of the Mariners departed from the sayd place of Charlesburg 
Royal the seventh day of September in the yeere aforesayd 
1540. And the Vicoimt of Beaupre stayed behind for the 
garding and govemement of all things in the Fort. And as 
they went up the river, the Captaine went to see the Lord of 
Hochelay, which dwelleth betweene Canada and Hochelaga: 
which in the former voyage had given unto the said Captaine 

' One may still find the shining crystals at this place. 



100 EAELY FRENCH VOYAGES [1641 

a little girle^ and had oftentimes enformed him of the treasons 
which Taignoagny and Domagaya (whom the Captaine in his 
former voyage had caried into France) would have wrought 
against him. In regard of which his curtesie the said Captaine 
would not passe by without visiting of him, and to let him 
understand that the Captaine thought himselfe beholding unto 
him, hee gave unto him two yong boyes, and left them with 
him to leame their language, and bestowed upon him a cloake 
of Paris red, which cloake was set with yealow and white 
buttons of Tinne, and small belles. And withall hee gave him 
two Basons of Laton,^and certaine hachets and knives : whereat 
the sayde Lord seemed highly to rejoyce, and thanked the Cap- 
tame.'^ TO, done, «>e &pL.e Ld hi, company departS 
from that place: And wee sailed with so prosperous a wind, 
that we arrived the eleventh day of the moneth at the first 
Sault * of water, which is two leagues distant from the Towne 
of Tutonaguy. And after wee were arrived there, wee deter- 
mined to goe and passe as farre up as it was possible with one 
of the boates, and that the other should stay there till it re- 
turned : and wee double manned her to rowe up against the 
course or streame of the sayde Sault. And after wee had 
passed some part of the way from our other boate, wee found 
badde ground and great rockes, and so great a current,' that 
wee could not possibly passe any further with our Boate. And 
the Captaine resolved to goe by land to see the nature and 
fashion of the Sault.* And after that we were come on shore, 
wee founde hard by the water side a way and beaten path 
going toward the sayde Saultes, by which wee tooke our way. 
And on the sayd way, and soone after we foimd an habitation 
of people which made us great cheere, and entertained us very 
friendly. And after that he had signified unto them, that wee 
were going toward the Saults, and that wee desired to goe to 
Saguenay, foure yong men went along with us to shewe us the 
way, and they brought us so farre that wee came to another 
village or habitation of good people, which dwell over against 

* An alloy of copper and zinc. ' The Lachine Rapids. 

' Courant de Ste. Marie. * Sault de St. Louis. 



IWI] CARTIER'S THIRD VOYAGE 101 

the second Sault, which came and brought us of their victuals, 
as Pottage and Fish, and ofiFered us of the same. After that 
the Captaine had enquired of them as well by signes as wordes, 
how many more Saults we had to passe to goe to Saguenay, 
and what distance and way it was thither, this people shewed 
us and gave us to imderstand, that wee were at the second 
Sault, and that there was but one more to passe, that the River 
was not navigable to goe to Saguenay, and that the sayd Sault 
was but a third part farther then we had travailed, shewing us 
the same with certaine Uttle stickes, which they layd upon the 
groimd in a certaine distance, and afterward layde other small 
branches betweene both, representing the Saults. And by the 
sayde marke, if their saying be true, it can be but sixe leagues 
by land to passe the sayd Saults. 

[Hctc after followeth the figure of the three Saults.] 

After that we had bene advertised by the sayde people, of 
the things abovementioned, both because the day was farre 
spent, and we had neither drunke nor eaten the same day, we 
concluded to retume unto om* boats, and we came thither, 
where we foimd great store of people to the number of 400 
persons or thereabout, which seemed to give us very good enter- 
tainment and to rejoyce of our comming : And therefore our 
Captaine gave eche of them certaine small trifles, as combs, 
brooches of tynne and copper, and other smal toyes, and unto 
the chiefe men every one his Utle hatchet and hooke, whereat 
they made certaine cries and ceremonies of joy. But a man 
must not trust them for aU their faire ceremonies and signes 
of joy, for if they had thought they had bene too strong for 
us, then would they have done their best to have killed us, as 
we understood afterward. This being done, we retiu'ned with 
our boats, and passed by the dwelling of the Lord of Hochelay, 
with whom the Captaine had left the two youths as he came 
up the river, thinking to have found him : But hee coulde find 
no body save one of his sonnes, who tolde the Captaine that 



102 EABLY FKENCH VOYAGES [1641 

hee was gone to Maisoiina, as our boyes also told us, saying 
that it was two dayes since he departed. But in truth hee 
was gone to Canada to conclude with Agona what they 
should doe against us. And when we were arrived at our 
Fort, wee understoode by our people, that the Savages of the 
Countrey came not any more about our Fort as they were 
accustomed, to bring us fish, and that they were in a wonderful 
doubt and feare of us. Wherefore our Captaine, having bene 
advertised by some of our men which had bene at Stadacona 
to visite them, that there were a wonderfull number of the 
Countrey people assembled together, caused all things in our 
fortresse to bee set in good order: etc. 

The rest is wanting. 



THE VOYAGE OF M. HORE, 1536 



> 



INTRODUCTION 

Reports of Cartier's discoveries soon reached England. 
Prominent among those who studied those reports, and by 
them was stirred to activity in behalf of English enterprise, 
was Mr. RxDbert Hore of London. Hakluyt's narrative of 
Here's voyage, written long after the return of the expedition 
and as the result of painstaking investigations, included facts 
communicated by Hakluyt's cousin, Mr. Richard Hakluyt of 
the Middle Temple. It is very probable that Mr. Hore had 
devoted considerable attention to the project of the Cabots 
with reference to a northwest passage to the East Indies. His 
study of " cosmographie " had doubtless convinced him that 
such a passage, if it could be found, would prove a much 
shorter route to those far-away regions than that by way of 
the Cape of Good Hope. Hore reached Newfoimdland, as the 
account of the voyage clearly shows; but how far he pene- 
trated into the r^ons higher up the American coast, it is 
impossible to conjecture from Hakluyt's fragmentary narra- 
tive. The great distress which befell the members of the ex- 
pedition evidently made a deep impression upon the survivors. 
Because of the reports of their sufferings and of the ill success 
attending their quest, it was a long time, very naturally, before 
other Englishmen made their way to the northern part of the 

American coast. 

H. S. B. 



105 



( 



THE VOYAGE OF M. HORE 

The voyage of M. Hare and divers other gentlemen, to Newfound- 
land, and Cape BrUon, in the yeere 16S6 and in the 28 
yere of King Henry the 8. 

One master Hore of London, a man of goodly stature and 
of great com^age, and given to the studie of Cosmographie, in 
the 28 yere of king Henry the 8 and in the yere of our Lord 
1536 encouraged divers Gentlemen and others, being assisted 
by the kings favour and good countenance, to accompany him 
in a voyage of disco verie upon the Northwest parts of America : 
wherein his perswasions tooke such effect, that within short 
space many gentlemen of the Innes of court, and of the Chan- 
eerie, and divers others of good worship, desirous to see the 
strange things of the world, very willingly entered into the 
action with him, some of whose names were as foUoweth : M. 
Weekes a gentleman of the West coimtrey of five hundred 
markes by the yeere living. M. Tucke a gentleman of Kent. 
M. Tuckfield. M. Thomas Buts the sonne of Sir William Buts * 
knight, of Norfolke, which was lately living, and from whose 
mouth I wrote most of this relation. M. Hardie, M. Biron, 
M. Carter, M. Wright, M. Rastall Serjeant Rastals brother, 
M. Ridley, and divers other, which all were in the Admyrall 
called the Trinitie, a ship of seven score tunnes, wherein M. 
Hore himselfe was imbarked. In the other ship whose name 
was the Minion, went a very learned and vertuous gentleman 
one M. Armigil Wade,^ Afterwards Gierke of the Counsailes of 
king Henry the 8 and king Edward the sixth, father to the 

* Ph3r8ician to Henry VIII., and one of the founders of the College of 
Physicians. 

'Afterward clerk of the privy council, and a member of Parliament 
for Chipping Wycombe, 1547-1553. He died June 20, 1568. 

106 



16M] THE VOYAGE OF EOBERT HORE 107 

worshipfull M. William Wade* now Gierke of the privie 
Coiinsell, M. Oliver Dawbeney marchant of London, M. Joy 
afterward gentleman of the Kings Chappel, with divers other 
of good account. The whole nmnber that went in the two 
tall ships aforesaid, to wit, the Trinitie and the Minion, were 
about sixe score persons, whereof thirty were gentlemen, which 
all were mustered in warlike maner at Gravesend, and after 
the receiving of the Sacrament, they embarked themselves in 
the ende of Aprill. 1536. 

From the time of their setting out from Gravesend,' they 
were very long at sea, to witte, above two moneths, and never 
touched any land untill they came to part of the West Indies 
about CJape Briton,' shaping their course thence Northeast- 
wardes, untill they came to the Island of Penguin,* which is 
very full of rockes and stones, whereon they went and found 
it full of great f oules white and gray, as big as geese, and they 
saw infinite numbers of their egges. They drave a great nimi- 
ber of the foules into their boates upon their sayles, and tooke 
up many of their egges, the foules they flead and their skinnes 
were very like hony combes full of holes being flead * ofif : they 
dressed and eate them and found them to be very good and 
nourishing meat. They saw also store of beares both blacke 
and white, of whome they killed some, and tooke them for no 
bad foode. 

M. Oliver Dawbeny, which (as it is before mentioned) was 
in this voyage, and in the Minion, told M. Richard Hakluyt of 
the middle Temple these things following : to wit. That after 
their arrivall in Newfoundland, and having bene there certaine 
dayes at ancre, and not having yet scene any of the natiu'all 

* Afterward successively ambassador to Spain, Scotland, and France. 
He was a member of Parliament in 1588, 1601, and 1604-1611, was knighted 
May 20, 1603, and was lieutenant of the Tower under James I. He died 
October 21, 1623. 

'A village on the right bank of the Thames, twenty-one miles below 
London. 

' An island belonging to the province of Nova Scotia, from which it is 
separated by the Strait of Canso. Its name is derived from that of its east 
cape, which was probably named by Breton fishermen. 

* On the eastern coast of Newfoundland. ' Flayed. 



108 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1586 

people of the countrey, the same Dawbeney walking one day 
on the hatches, spied a boate with Savages of those parts, 
rowing downe the Bay toward them, to gaze upon the ship and 
our people, and taking viewe of their comming aloofe, hee called 
to such as were under the hatches, and willed them to come up 
if they would see the natural people of the countrey, that they 
had so long and so much desired to see: whereupon they 
came up, and tooke viewe of the Savages rowing toward them 
and their ship, and upon the viewe they manned out a ship- 
boat to meet them and to take them. But they sp3ang our 
ship-boat making towards them, returned with maine force 
and fled into an Island that lay up in the Bay or river there, 
and our men pursued them into the Island, and the Savages 
fledde and escaped : but our men found a fire, and the side of 
a beare on a wooden spit left at the same by the Savages that 
were fled. 

There in the same place they found a boote of leather 
garnished on the outward side of the calfe with certame brave 
trailes, as it were of rawe silke, and also found a certaine great 
warme mitten : And these caryed with them, they returned to 
their shippe, not finding the Savages, nor seeing any thing else 
besides the soyle, and the things growing m the same, which 
chiefely were store of firre and pine trees. 

And further, the said M. Dawbeny told him, that l3ang 
there they grew into great want of victuals, and that there 
they found small reliefe, more then that they had from the 
nest of an Osprey, that brought hoiu-ely to her yong great 
plentie of divers sorts of fishes. But such was the famine that 
increased amongst them from day to day, that they were forced 
to seeke to relieve themselves of raw herbes and rootes that 
they sought on the maine : but the famine increasing, and the 
reliefe of herbes being to little purpose to satisfie their in- 
satiable hunger, in the fieldes and deserts here and there, the 
fellowe killed his mate while he stooped to take up a roote for 
his reliefe, and cutting out pieces of his bodie whom he had 
murthered, broyled the same on the coles and greedily de- 
voured them. 



16W] THE VOYAGE OP ROBERT HORE 109 

By this meane the company decreased, and the officers 
knew not what was become of them ; And it fortuned that one 
of the company driven with hunger to seeke abroade for reliefe 
found out in the fieldes the savour of broyled flesh, and fell out 
with one for that he would suffer him and his f ellowes to sterve, 
enjoying plentie as he thought: and this matter growing to 
cruell speaches, he that had the broyled meate, burst out 
into these wordes : If thou wouldest needes know, the broyled 
meate that I had was a piece of such a mans buttocke. The 
report of this brought to the ship, the Captaine found what 
became of those that were missing, and was perswaded that 
some of them were neither devoured with wilde beastes, nor 
yet destroyed by Savages: And hereupon hee stood up and 
made a notable Oration, containing, Howe much these deal- 
ings offended the Almightie, and vouched the Scriptures from 
first to last, what (Jod had in cases of distresse done for them 
that called upon him, and told them that the power of the 
Almighty was then no lesse, then in al former time it had bene. 
And added, that if it had not pleased (Jod to have holpen them 
in that distresse, that it had bene better to have perished in 
body, and to have Uved everlastingly, then to have reUeved 
for a poore time their mortal bodyes, and to bee condemned 
everlastingly, both body and soule to the unquenchable fire of 
hell. And thus having ended to that effect, he began to exhort 
to repentance, and besought all the company to pray, that it 
might please (Jod to looke upon their miserable present state 
and for his owne mercie to reUeve the same. The famine in- 
creasing, and the inconvenience of the men that were missing 
being foxmd, they agreed amongst themselves rather then aU 
should perish, to cast lots who should be killed: And such 
was the mercie of God, that the same night there arrived a 
French ship ^ in that port, well furnished with vittaile, and 
such was the poUcie of the EngUsh, that they became masters 

* Fishing vessels from France early found their way to Newfoundland. 
English fishing vessels came thither not long after Cabot's discovery, and so 
important had English interests in this vicinity become in 1583 that English 
merchants and fishermen were ''at the head of all the other nations/' accord- 
ing to % Humphrey Gilbert. 



110 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES {1S» 

of the same, and changmg ships and vittailmg them, they set 
sayle to come into England. 

In their jomney they were so farre Northwards, that they 
sawe mighty Islands of yce ^ in the sommer season, on which 
were haukes and other foules to rest themselves being weary 
of flying over farre from the maine. They sawe also certaine 
great white fotdes with red bils and red legs, somewhat bigger 
then Herons, which they supposed to be Storkes. They 
arrived at S. Ives ' in Comewall about the ende of October. 
From thence they departed imto a certaine castle belonging 
to sir John Luttrell, where M. Thomas Buts, and M. Rastall 
and other Gentlemen of the voyage were very friendly enter- 
tained : after that they came to the Earle of Bathe at Bathe, 
and thence to BristoU, so to London. M. Buts was so changed 
in the voyage with hunger and miserie, that sir William his 
father and my Lady his mother knew him not to be their 
Sonne, imtill they found a secret marke which was a wart 
upon one of his knees, as hee told me Richard Hakluyt of 
ftrford himselfe, to whom I rode 200. miles onely to leame 
the whole trueth of this voyage from his own mouth, as being 
the onely man now alive that was in this discoverie. 

Certaine moneths after, those Frenchmen came into Eng- 
land and made complaint to king Henry the 8: the king 
causing the matter to be examined, and finding the great 
distresse of his subjects, and the causes of the dealing so with 
the French, was so mooved with pitie, that he punished not 
his subjects, but of his owne purse made full and royall re- 
compence unto the French. 

In this distresse of famine, the English did somewhat 
relieve their vitall spirits, by drinking at the springs the fresh 
water out of certaine wooden cups, out of which they had 
drunke their Aqua composita before. 

' From the west coast of Greenland icebergs in large numbers are carried 
past Newfoundland by the great polar currents. Some of them are of vast 
dimensions. 

' On the northern side of the southwest extremity of England, and about 
fifteen miles from Land's End. 



THE VOYAGE MADE BY . 
M. JOHN HAWKINS ESQUIRE 



tU 



} 



INTRODUCTION 

John Hawkins, a native of Plymouth, England, was a son 
of William Hawkins, the pioneer in the African slave trade so 
far as England is concerned, and 'Hhe first Englishman who 
sailed a ship into the Southern Seas." Having ''armed out a 
tall and goodly ship of his own," the elder Hawkins three 
times visited the west coast of Africa for slaves, and foimd a 
market for them in Brazil. John inherited the adventurous 
spirit of his father. About 1551 he entered the maritime 
service, and is said to have made voyages to Spain, Portugal, 
and other places. In 1556 he was admitted a freeman of 
Plymouth, and in 1558 he invented the chain pump for ships. 
In 1562, on his first voyage as conunander, he proceeded to the 
coast of Guinea, where, by the sword and other means, he pro- 
cured about three hundred slaves, whom he carried to the 
West Indies, and sold at various ports of Hispaniola. He then 
loaded not only his three vessels with hides, ginger, sugar, 
"and some quantitie of pearles,'' but two other vessels, de- 
spatching the latter to Spain. Hawkins safely reached home 
with his own vessels, but the Spanish government confiscated 
the cargoes of the two vessels sent to Spain. With the profits 
of this expedition, notwithstanding his losses, Hawkins fitted 
out another and larger expedition in the following year, a 
record of which, written by "John Sparke the younger,'' who 
accompanied the expedition and became its historian, is given 
herewith. After the first paragraph of the narration, there is 
in the following reprint an omission of Hawkins's experiences 
on the African coast, and of most of his experiences in the 
West Indies. What follows is of especial interest, as it brought 
to the English people their first knowledge of Florida. The 
Hakluyt Society reprinted the Hawkins voyages in 1878. 

H. S« Br 

I 113 



THE VOYAGE MADE BY M. JOHN HAW- 
KINS ESQUIRE, 1565 

The voyage made by M. John Hawkins Esquire, and afterword 
knight, Captaine of the Jesus of Lubek, one of her 
Majesties shippes, and GeneraU of the Salomon, and 
other two barkes going in his companie, to the coast of 
Guinea, and the Indies of Nova Hispania, begun in 
An. Dom. 1564. 

Master John Hawkins with the Jesus of Lubek, a shippe 
of 700. and the Salomon a shippe of 140. the Tiger a barke of 
50. and the Swallow of 30. tunnes, being all well furnished with 
men to the number of one hundreth threescore and tenne, as 
also with ordinance and victuall requisite for such a voyage, 
departed out of Plymmouth the 18. day of October, in the 
yeere of our Lord 1564. with a prosperous winde. 

Thus the 17. of June, we departed and on the 20. wee fell 
with the West end of Cuba, called Cape S. Antony,^ where for 
the space of three dayes wee doubled along, till wee came 
beyond the shoales, which are 20. leagues beyond S. Anthony. 
And the ordinary Brise taking us, which is the Northeast winde, 
put us the 24. from the shoare, and therefore we went to the 
Northwest to fetch wind, and also to the coast of Florida to 
have the helpe of the current, which was judged to have set 
to the Eastward: so the 29. wee found our selves in 27. de- 
grees, and in the soundings of Florida, where we kept our selves 
the space of foure dayes, sailing along the coast as neere as we 
could, in tenne or twelve fadome water, having all the while 
no sight of land. 

* San Antonio. 
Hi 



IW] HAWKINS'S VOYAGE OF 1666 116 

The fift of July we had sight of certeine Islands of sand, 
called the Tortugas ^ (which is lowe land) where the captaine 
went ui with his pinnesse, and found such a number of birds, 
that in halfe an houre he laded her with them; and if they 
had beene ten boats more, they might have done the like. 
These Islands beare the name of Tortoises, because of the num- 
ber of them, which there do breed, whose nature is to live both 
in the water and upon land also, but breed onely upon the 
shore, in making a great pit wherein they lay egges, to the 
number of three or foiu-e hundred, and covering them with 
sand, they are hatched by the heat of the Sunne ; and by this 
meanes commeth the great increase. Of these we tooke very 
great ones, which have both backe and belly all of bone, of 
the thicknes of an inch: the fish whereof we proved, eating 
much like veale; and finding a number of egges in them, tasted 
also of them, but they did eat very sweetly. Heere wee 
ankered sixe houres, and then a fair gale of winde springing, 
we weyed anker, and made saile toward Cuba, whither we 
came the sixt day, and weathered as farre as the Table,' 
being a hill so caUed because of the forme thereof: here we 
lay ofif and on all night to keepe that we had gotten to wind- 
ward, intending to have watered m the mommg, if we could 
have done it, or els if the winde had come larger, to have 
plied to wind-ward to Havana, which is an harborow where- 
unto all the fleet of the Spanyards come, and doe there tary 
to have one the company of another. This hill we thinking 
to have beene the Table, made accoimt (as it was indeed) that 
Havana was but eight leagues to wind-ward, but by the per- 
swasion of a French man, who made the captaine beleeve he 

^ A group of small islands at the western extremity of the Florida Keys, 
one hundred and twenty miles west southwest of Cape Sable. They received 
their name from a Spanish word meaning a tortoise. 

* Vessels still, in making the port of Havana from the northward or west- 
ward, look for the Table, or ''Mesa de Mariel" (mesa being the Spanish for 
table). The sailing directions are as foUows : ''Port Mariel is 21 miles west 
of Havana and is a snug little harbor. A short distance inland to the east- 
ward of the port is a remarkable long flat ridge of moderate height with a 
notch or step at its east end called the Mesa de Mariel, which cannot be mis- 
taken." 



116 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1666 

knew the Table very weU, and had beene at Havana, sayd that 
it was not the Table, and that the Table was much higher, and 
neerer to the sea side, and that there was no plaine ground to 
the Eastward, nor hilles to the Westward, but all was contrary, 
and that behind the hilles to the Westward was Havana. To 
which persuasion credit being given by some, and they not of 
the woorst, the captaine was persuaded to goe to leeward, 
and so sailed along the seventh and eight dayes, finding no 
habitation nor no other Table ; and then perceiving his folly 
to give eare to such praters, was not a little sory, both because 
he did consider what time he should spend yer he could get so 
far to wind-ward againe, which would have bene, with the 
weathering which we had, ten or twelve dayes worke, and what 
it would have bene longer he knew not, and (that which was 
woorst) he had not above a dayes water, and therfore knew 
not what shift to make: but in fine, because the want was 
such, that his men could not live with it, he determined to 
seeke water, and to goe further to leeward, to a place (as it 
is set ui the card) called Rio de los puercos,^ which he was in 
doubt of, both whether it were inhabited, and whether there 
were water or not, and whether for the shoalds he might have 
accesse with his ships, that he might conveniently take in the 
same. And while we were in these troubles, and kept our 
way to the place aforesayd, almighty (Jod our guide (who 
would not suffer us to run into any further danger, which we 
had bene like to have incurred, if we had ranged the coast of 
Florida along as we did before, which is so dangerous (by re- 
ports) that no ship escapeth which commeth thither, as the 
Spanyards have very wel proved the same) sent us the eight 
day at night a faire Westerly winde, whereupon the captaine 
and company consulted, determining not to refuse (Jods gift, 
but every man was contented to pinch his owne bellie, what- 
soever had happened; and taking the sayd winde, the ninth 
day of July got to the Table, and sailing the same night, un- 
awares overshot Havana ; at which place wee thought to have 

^ Rio de PuercoSy a suburb in the municipal district of Consolacion del 
Norte, province of Pinar del Rio. 



1666] HAWKINS'S VOYAGE OF 1666 117 

watered : but the next day, not knowing that wee had over- 
shot the same, sailed along the coast, seeking it, and the 
eleventh day in the morning, by certaine knowen marks, we 
understood that we had overshot it 20 leagues: in which 
coast ranging, we found no convenient watering place, whereby 
there was no remedy but to disemboque, and to water upon 
the coast of Florida: for, to go further to the Eastward, we 
could not for the shoalds, which are very dangerous ; and be- 
cause the current ^ shooteth to the Northeast, we doubted by 
the force thereof to be set upon them, and therefore durst not 
approch them : so making but reasonable way the day afore- 
sayd, and all the night, the twelfth day in the morning we fell 
with the Islands upon the cape of Florida, which we could 
scant double by the meanes that fearing the shoalds to the 
Eastwards, and doubting the current comming out of the West, 
which was not of that force we made accoxmt of; for we felt 
little or none till we fell with the cape, and then felt such a 
current, that bearing all sailes against the same, yet were 
driven backe againe a great pace : the experience whereof we 
had by the Jesus pinnesse, and the Salomons boat, which were 
sent the same day in the aftemoone, whiles the ships were be- 
calmed, to see if they could finde any water upon the Islands 
aforesaid ; who spent a great part of the day in rowing thither, 
being further ofif then they deemed it to be, and in the meane 
time a faire gale of winde springing at sea, the ships departed, 
making a signe to them to come away, who although they saw 
them depart, because they were so neere the shore, would not 
lose all the labour they had taken, but determined to keepe 
their way, and see if there were any water to be had, making 
no account but to finde the shippes well enough: but they 
spent so much time in filling the water which they had found, 
that the night was come before they could make an end. And 
having lost the sight of the ships, they rowed what they could, 
but were wholly ignorant which way they should seeke them 
againe ; as indeed there was a more doubt then they knew of : 

^ The Gulf Stream. 



118 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [Utt 

for when they departed, the shippes were in no current ; and 
sailing but a mile further, they found one so strong, that beai^ 
ing all sailes, it could not prevaile against the same, but were 
driven backe : whereupon the captaine sent the Salomon, with 
the other two barks, to beare neere the shore all night, because 
the current was lesse there a great deale,^ and to beare light, 
with shooting off a piece now and then, to the intent the boats 
might better know how to come to them. 

The Jesus also bare a light in her toppe gaUant, and shot 
off a piece also now and then, but the night passed, and the 
morning was come, being the thirteenth day, and no newes 
could be heard of them, but the ships and barkes ceased not 
to looke still for them, yet they thought it was all in vaine, by 
the meanes they heard not of them all the night past; and 
therefore determined to tary no longer, seeking for them till 
noone, and if they heard no newes, then they would depart to 
the Jesus, who perforce (by the vehemency of the current) 
was caried almost out of sight; but as God would have it, 
[noone] time being come, and they having tacked about in the 
pinnesses top, had sight of them, and tooke them up: they 
in the boats, being to the niunber of one and twenty, having 
sight of the ships, and seeing them tacking about; whereas 
before at the first sight of them they did greatly rejoyce, were 
now in a greater perplexitie then ever they were : for by this 
they thought themselves utterly forsaken, whereas before they 
were in some hope to have found them. Truly God wrought 
marvellously for them, for they themselves having no victuals 
but water, and being sore oppressed with hunger, were not of 
opinion to bestow any further time in seeking the shippes 
then that present noone time: so that if they had not at 
that instant espied them, they had gone to the shore to have 
made provision for victuals, and with such things as they cotdd 
have gotten,^ either to have gone for that part of Florida where 
the French men v/ere planted (which would have bene very 
hard for them to have done, because they wanted victuals to 

^ Ponoe de Leon had a like experience with these currents and counter- 
currents in 1513. 



IW] HAWKINS'S VOYAGE OF 16«6 119 

bring them thither, being an hundred and twenty leagues off) 
or els to have remained amongst the Floridians; at whose 
hands they were put m comfort by a French man, who was 
with them, that had remained in Florida, at the first finHing 
thereof, a whole yeere together, to receive victuals sufficient, 
and gentle entertainment, if need were, for a yeere or two, 
untill which time God might have provided for them. But 
how contrary this would have fallen out to their expectations, 
it is hard to judge, seeing those people of the cape of Florida 
are of more savage and fierce nature, and more valiant then 
any of the rest ; which the Spanyards well prooved, who being 
five hundred men, who intended there to land, returned few or 
none of them, but were inf orced to forsake the same : and of 
their cruelty mention is made in the booke of the Decades,^ of 
a frier, who taking upon him to persuade the people to sub- 
jection, was by them taken, and his skin cruelly pulled over 
his eares, and his flesh eaten. 

In these Islands they being a shore, found a dead man, 
dried in a maner whole, with other heads and bodies of men : 
so that these sorts of men are eaters of the flesh of men, aswel 
as the Canibals. But to retume to our purpose. 

The foureteenth day the shippe and barks came to the 
Jesus, bringing them newes of the recovery of the men, which 
was not a httle to the rejoycing of the captaine, and the whole 
company : and so then altogether they kept on their way along 
the coast of Florida, and the fifteenth day come to an anker, 
and so from sixe and twenty degrees to thirty degrees and a 
halfe, where the French men abode, ranging all the coast along, 
seeking for fresh water, ankering every night, because we would 
overshoot no place of fresh water, and in the day time the cap- 
taine in the ships pinnesse sailed along the shore, went into 
every creeke, speaking with divers of the Floridians, because 
hee would understand where the French men inhabited; and 

^ Peter Martyr of Anghiera, De Rebus Oceanicia et Orhe Novo Decades 
Tres (Alcal4, 1530), the primary general book on the earliest explorations of 
America; known to Englishmen through Richard Eden's translation pub* 
lished in London in 1555. 



120 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [15(Mi 

not finding them in eight and twentie d^rees, as it was de- 
clared unto him, marvelled thereat, and never left sailing along 
the coast till he found them, who inhabited in a river, by 
them called the river of May,^ and standing in thirty degrees 
and better. In ranging this coast along, the captahie found 
it to be all an Island,' and therefore it is all lowe land, and 
very scant of fresh water, but the countrey was marvellously 
sweet, with both marish and medow ground, and goodly woods 
among. There they found sorell to grow as abimdantly as 
grasse, and where their houses were, great store of maiz and 
mill, and grapes of great bignesse, but of taste much like our 
English grapes. Also Deere great plentie, which came upon 
the sands before them. Their houses are not many together, 
for in one house an hundred of them do lodge; they being 
made much Uke a great bame, and in strength not inf eripur to 
oiu^s, for they have stanchions and rafters of whole trees, and 
are covered with palmito-leaves, having no place divided, but 
one small roome for their king and queene. In the middest 
of this house is a hearth, where they make great fires all night, 
and they sleepe upon certeine pieces of wood hewin in for the 
bowing of their backs, and another place made high for their 
heads, which they put one by another all along the walles on 
both sides. In their houses they remaine onely in the nights, 
and in the day they desire the fields, where they dresse their 
meat, and make provision for victuals, which they provide 
onely for a meale from hand to mouth. There is one thing 
to be marvelled at, for the making of their fire, and not onely 
they but also the Negros doe the same, which is made onely 
by two stickes, rubbing them one against another: and this 
they may doe in any place they come, where they finde sticks 
sufficient for the purpose. In their apparell the men onely 
use deere skinnes, wherewith some onely cover their privy 
members, other some use the same as garments to cover them 

* The St. John River. Hawkms's attention was called to it by his French 
pilot, Martin Atinas. 

' The explorers regarded Florida as an island, as appears elsewhere in 
the narrative. 



IWH HAWKINS'S VOYAGE OF 1665 121 

before and behind; which skinnes are painted, some yellow 
and red, some blacke and russet, and every man according to 
his owne fancy. They do not omit to paint their bodies also 
with curious knots, or antike worke, as every man in his owne 
fancy deviseth, which painting, to make it continue the better, 
they use with a thome to pricke their flesh, and dent in the 
same, whereby the painting may have better hold. In their 
warres they use a sleighter colour of painting their faces, 
whereby to make themselves shew the more fierce; which 
after their warres ended, they wash away againe. In their 
warres they use bowes and arrowes, whereof their bowes are 
made of a kind of Yew, but blacker then ours, and for the 
most part passing the strength of the Negros or Indians, for it 
is not greatly inferior to ours : their arrowes are also of a great 
length, but yet of reeds like other Indians, but varying in two 
points, both in length and also for nocks and feathers, which 
the other lacke, whereby they shoot very stedy : the heads of 
the same are vipers teeth, bones of fishes, flint stones, piked 
points of knives, which they having gotten of the French men, 
broke the same, and put the points of them in their arrowes 
heads: some of them have their heads of silver, othersome 
that have want of these, put in a kinde of hard wood, notched, 
which pierceth as farre as any of the rest. In their fight, being 
in the woods, they use a marvellous poUicie for their owne 
saf^ard, which is by clasping a tree in their armes, and yet 
shooting notwithstanding: this policy they used with the 
French men in their fight, whereby it appeareth that they are 
people of some pohcy: and although they are called by the 
Spanyards Gente triste, that is to say. Bad people, meaning 
thereby, that they are not men of capacity: yet have the 
French men found them so witty in their answeres, that by 
the captaines owne report, a counseller with us could not give 
a more profound reason. 

The women also for their apparell use painted skinnes, but 
most of them gownes of mosse, somewhat longer then our 
mosse, which they sowe together artificially, and make the 
same surplesse wise, wearing their haire down to their shoulders. 



122 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [Utt 

like the Indians. In this river of May aforesayd, the captaine 
entring with his pinnesse, found a French ship of fouresoore 
tun, and two pinnesses of fifteene tun a piece, by her, and 
speaking with the keepers thereof, they tolde him of a fort 
two leagues up, which they had built, in which their captaine 
Monsieur Laudonniere * was, with certeine sotddiers therein. 
To whom our captaine sending to understand of a watering 
place, where he might conveniently take it in, and to have 
licence for the same, he straight, because there was no con- 
venient place but up the river five leagues, where the water 
was fresh, did send him a pilot for the more expedition thereof, 
to bring in one of his barks, which going in with other boats 
provided for the same purpose, ankered before the fort, into 
the which our captaine went ; where hee was by the Generall, 
with other captaines and souldiers, very gently enterteined, 
who declared imto him the time of their being there, whidi 
was fourteene moneths, with the extremity they were driven 
to for want of victuals, having brought very little with them ; 
in which place they being two hundred men at their first 
comming, had in short space eaten all the maiz they could 
buy of the inhabitants about them, and therefore were driven 
certeine of them to serve a king of the Floridians against other 

^ A French Huguenot expedition, under Jean Ribault, was on the coast 
of South Carolina in 1562. A second expedition, also of Huguenot origin, was 
sent out in 1564, under Ren^ de Laudonniere, who was on the American coast 
with Ribault in 1562. Laudonniere located his colony on the St. John 
River. The vessels Hawkins found in the river evidently were those of the 
French colonists. After Hawkins's departure, Laudonniere was superseded 
by Ribault, who had sailed from France May 22, 1565, with orders from Co- 
ligny to relieve Laudonniere. Shortly after Ribault's arrival, Don Pedro 
Menendez, sent by Philip II. to destroy the French colonists who had pre- 
sumed to settle on what he claimed to be Spanish territory, appeared on 
the coast of Florida, the French fort was captured and most of the colonists 
were massacred. Laudonniere and a few others escaped, and fled to the 
coast, where they were picked up by a French vessel, which landed Laudon- 
niere and his companions at Swansea in Wales, whence they made their way 
to London. Ribault, who had withdrawn to his ships before the massacre, 
was at length shipwrecked, and he and his men, in their effort to reach the 
French fort, unaware of its fate, were discovered by the Spaniards and with 
a few exceptions were put to death. 



mi HAWKINS'S VOYAGE OF 1566 123 

his enemies, for mill and other victuals : which having gotten 
could not serve them^ being so many, so long a time: but 
want came upon them in such sort, that they were faine to 
gather acorns, which being stamped small, and often washed, 
to take away the bittemesse of them, they did use for bread, 
eating withall sundry times, roots, whereof they found many 
good and holesome, and such as serve rather for medecines 
then for meates alone. But this hardnesse not contenting 
some of them, who would not take the paines so much as to 
fish in the river before their doores, but would have all things 
put in their mouthes, they did rebell against the captaine, 
taking away first his armour, and afterward imprisoning him : 
and so to the number of fourescore of them, departed with a 
barke and a pinnesse, spoiling their store of victuall, and taking 
away a great part thereof with them, and so went to the 
Islands of Hispaniola ^ and Jamaica a roving, where they 
spoiled and pilled the Spanyards; and having taken two 
caravels laden with wine and casavi, which is a bread made of 
roots, and much other victuals and treasure, had not the grace 
to depart therewith, but were of such haughty stomacks, that 
they thought their force to be such that no man durst meddle 
with them, and so kept harborow m Jamaica, gomg dayly 
ashore at their pleasure. But God which would not suffer 
such evill doers unpunished, did indurate their hearts in such 
sort, that they Ungered the time so long, that a ship and 
galliasse * being made out of Santa Domingo came thither into 
the harborow, and tooke twenty of them, whereof the most part 
were hanged, and the rest caried into Spaine, and some (to the 
number of five and twenty) escaped in the pinnesse, and came 
to Florida; where at their landing they were put in prison, 
and incontinent foure of the chiefest being condemned, at the 
request of the souldiers, did passe the harquebuzers, and then 
were hanged upon a gibbet. This lacke of threescore men 
was a great discoiu-age and weakening to the rest, for they 
were the best souldiers that they had: for they had now 

' Santo Domingo. ' A large galley. 



124 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1«M 

made the inhabitants weary of them by their dayly craving 
of maiz, having no wares left to content them withall, and 
therefore were inforced to rob them, and to take away their 
victual perforce, which was the occasion that the Floridians 
(not well contented therewith) did take certeine of their com- 
pany in the woods, and slew them ; whereby there grew great 
warres betwixt them and the Frenchmen : and therefore they 
being but a few in number durst not venture abroad, but at 
such times as they were inforced thereunto for want of food to 
do the same: and going twenty harquebuzers in a company, 
were set upon by eighteene kings, having seven or eight him- 
dred men, which with one of their bowes slew one of thdr 
men, and hurt a dozen, and drove them all downe to their 
boats; whose poUicy in fight was to be marvelled at: for 
having shot at divers of their bodies which were armed, and 
perceiving that their arrowes did not prevaile against the 
same, they shot at their faces and l^s, which were the places 
that the Frenchmen were hurt in. Thus the Frenchmen re- 
turned, being in ill case by the hurt of their men, having not 
above forty souldiers left unhurt, whereby they might ill 
make any more invasions upon the Floridians, and keepe their 
fort withall: which they must have beene driven unto, had 
not God sent us thither for their succour; for they had not 
above ten dayes victuall left before we came. In which per- 
plexity our captaine seeing them, spared them out of his ship 
twenty barrels of meale, and foure pipes of beanes, with divers 
other victuals and necessaries which he might conveniently 
spare : and to helpe them the better homewardes, whither they 
were bound before our comming, at their request we spared 
them one of our barks of fifty tim. Notwithstanding the great 
want that the Frenchmen had, the groimd doth yeeld victuals 
sufficient, if they would have taken paines to get the same; 
but they being souldiers desired to live by the sweat of other 
mens browes : for while they had peace with the Floridians, 
they had fish sufficient, by weares- which they made to catch 
the same : but when they grew to warres, the Floridians tooke 
away the same againe, and then would not the Frenchmen 



1M5] HAWKINS'S VOYAGE OF 1565 126 

take the paines to make any more. The groimd yeeldeth 
naturally grapes in great store, for in the time that the French- 
men were there, they made 20 hogsheads of wine/ Also it 
yeeldeth roots passing good, Deere marvellous store, with 
divers other beasts, and fowle, serviceable to the use of man. 
These be things wherewith a man may live, having come or 
maiz wherewith to make bread : for maiz maketh good savory 
bread, and cakes as fine as flowre. Also it maketh good meale, 
beaten and sodden with water, and eateth like pap wherewith 
we feed children. It maketh also good beverage, sodden in 
water, and nourishable; which the Frenchmen did use to 
drinke of in the morning, and it assuageth their thirst, so that 
they had no need to drinke all the day after. And this maiz 
was the greatest lacke they had, because they had no labourers 
to sowe the same, and therefore to them that should inhabit 
the land it were requisit to have labourers to till and sowe 
the ground : for they having victuals of their owne, whereby 
they neither rob nor spoile the inhabitants, may Uve not onely 
quietly with them, who naturally are more desirous of peace 
then of warres, but also shall have abimdance of victuals prof- 
ered them for nothing : for it is with them as it is with one 
of us, when we see another man ever taking away from us, 
although we have enough besides, yet then we thinke all too 
little for our selves : for surely we have heard the Frenchmen 
report, and I know it by the Indians, that a very little con- 
tenteth them : for the Indians with the head of maiz rosted, 
will travell a whole day, and when they are at the Spanyards 
finding, they give them nothing but sodden herbs and maiz : 
and in this order I saw threescore of them feed, who were 
laden with wares, and came fifty leagues oflF. The Floridians 
when they travell, have a kinde of herbe dried,^ who with a 
cane and an earthen cup in the end, with fire, and the dried 
herbs put together, doe sucke thorow the cane the smoke 

* " Like to the wine of Orleans," says the margin. 
"Tobacco," says the margin. This was twenty years before tobacco 
was introduced into England by Ralph Lane. It had been used in southern 
Europe before. 



126 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1M6 

thereof, which smoke satisfieth their hunger, and therwith 
they live f oure or five dayes without meat or drinke, and this 
all the Frenchmen used for this purpose: yet do they holde 
opinion withall, that it causeth water and fleame to void from 
their stomacks. The commodities of this land are more then 
are yet knowen to any man: for besides the land it sdfe, 
whereof there is more then any Christian king is able to in- 
habit, it floiuisheth with medow, pasture groimd, with woods 
of Cedar and Cypres, and other sorts, as better can not be in 
the world. They have for apothecary herbs, trees, roots and 
gummes great store, as Storax liquida, Turpmtine, Gumme, 
M3nThe, and Frankinsence, with many others, whereof I know 
not the names. Coloiu^ both red, blacke, yellow, and russet, 
very perfect, wherewith they so paint their bodies, and Deere 
skinnes which they weare about them, that with water it 
neither fadeth away, nor altereth colour. Golde and silver 
they want not : for at the Frenchmens first conmiing thither 
they had the same offered them for little or nothing, for they 
received for a hatchet two pound weight of golde, because 
they knew not the estimation thereof : but the souldiers being 
greedy of the same, did take it from them, givmg them nothing 
for it: the which they perceiving, that both the Frenchmen 
did greatly esteeme it, and also did rigorously deale with them, 
by taking the same away from them, at last would not be 
knowen they had any more, neither durst they weare the 
same for feare of being taken away: so that saving at their 
first comming, they could get none of them: and how they 
came by this golde and silver the French men know not as 
yet, but by gesse, who having travelled to the Southwest of the 
cape, having found the same dangerous, by means of sundry 
banks, as we also have found the same : and there finding masts 
which were wracks of Spaniards comming from Mexico, judged 
that they had gotten treasure by them. For it is most true 
that divers wracks have beene made of Spaniards, having much 
treasure : for the Frenchmen having travelled to the capeward 
an hundred and fiftie miles, did finde two Spanyards with the 
Floridians, which they brought afterward to their fort, whereof 



16«] HAWKINS'S VOYAGE OF 1566 127 

one was in a caravel comming from the Indies, which was cast 
away fourteene yeeres ago, and the other twelve yeeres; of 
^ose fellowes some escaped, othersome were slain by the 
inhabitants. It seemeth they had estimation of their golde 
and ffllver, for it is wrought flat and graven, which they weare 
about their neckes; othersome made roimd like a pancake, 
with a hole in the midst, to boulster up their breasts withall, 
because they thinke it a deformity to have great breasts. As 
for mines either of gold or silver, the Frenchmen can heare of 
none they have upon the Island, but of copper, whereof as yet 
also they have not made the proof e, because they were but few 
men : * but it is not xmUke, but that in the maine where are high 
hilles, may be golde and silver as well as in Mexico, because it 
is all one maine. The Frenchmen obteined pearles of them 
of great bignesse, but they were blacke, by meanes of rosting 
of them, for they do not fish for them as the Spanyards doe, 
but for their meat: for the Spanyards use to keepe dayly 
iififthiTig some two or three hundred Indians, some of them 
that be of choise a thousand : and their order is to go in canoas, 
or rather great pinnesses, with thirty men in a piece, whereof 
the one halfe, or most part be divers, the rest doe open the 
same for the pearles: for it is not suffered that they should 
use dragging, for that would bring them out of estimation, 
and marre the beds of them. The oisters which have the 
smallest sort of pearles are found in seven or eight fadome 
water, but the greatest in eleven or twelve fadome. 

The Floridians have pieces of imicomes homes which they 
weare about their necks, whereof the Frenchmen obteined 
many pieces. Of those imicomes * they have many : for that 
they doe aflBrme it to be a beast with one home, which comming 
to the river to drinke, putteth the same into the water before 
he drinketh. Of this imicomes home there are of our com- 
pany, that having gotten the same of the Frenchmen brought 
home thereof to shew. It is therefore to be presupposed that 

* "Hiig copper," 8a3r8 the margin, " waa found perfect golde, called by 
the SavagBB ^ycroa phyra." 

' Acoordiiig to the margin, the native name wa9 Souannamma. 



128 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1666 

there are more commodities as well as that, which for want 
of time, and people sufficient to inhabit the same, can not yet 
come to light: but I trust God will reveale the same before 
it be long, to the great profit of them that shal take it in hand. 
Of beasts in this countrey besides deere, foxes, hares, polcats, 
conies, ownces, and leopards, I am not able certeinly to say: 
but it is thought that there are Uons and tygres as well as 
unicomes; lions especially; if it be true that is sayd, of the 
enmity betweene them and the unicomes; for there is no 
beast but hath his enemy, as the cony the polcat, a sheepe 
the woolf e, the elephant the rinoceros ; and so of other beasts 
the like : insomuch, that whereas the one is, the other can not 
be missing. And seeing I have made mention of the beasts of 
this coimtrey, it shall not be from my purpose to speake also 
of the venimous beasts, as crocodiles, whereof there is great 
abimdance, adders of great bignesse, whereof our men killed some 
of a yard and half e long. Also I heard a miracle of one of these 
adders, upon the which a faulcon seizing, the sayd adder did 
claspe her tail about her; which the French captaine seeing, 
came to the rescue of the falcon, and tooke her slaying the 
adder; and this faulcon being wilde, he did reclaim her, and 
kept her for the space of two moneths, at which time for very 
want of meat he was faine to cast her oflf. On these adders 
the Frenchmen did feed, to no httle admiration of us, and 
affirmed the same to be a deUcate meat. And the captaine of 
the Frenchmen saw also a serpent with three heads and foure 
feet, of the bignesse of a great spaniell, which for want of a 
harquebuz he durst not attempt to slay. Of fish also they 
have in the river, pike, roch, salmon, trout, and divers other 
small fishes, and of great fish, some of the length of a man and 
longer, being of bignesse accordingly, having a snout much 
like a sword of a yard long. There be also of sea fishes, which 
we saw coming along the coast flying, which are of the bignesse 
of a smelt, the biggest sort whereof have foure wings, but the 
other have but two : of these wee sawe comming out of Guinea 
a hundred in a company, which being chased by the gilt heads, 
otherwise called the bonitos, do to avoid them the better, take 



m] HAWKINS'S VOYAGE OF 1665 129 

thdr flight out of the water, but yet are they not able to fly 
fane, because of the drying of their wings, which serve them 
not to flie but when they are moist, and therefore when they 
can flie no further, they fall into the water, and having wet 
thar ^nngs, take a new flight againe. These bonitos be of 
bignesae like a carpe, and in colour like a makarell, but it is 
the swiftest fish in swimming that is, and followeth her prey 
very fiercely, not only in the water, but also out of the water : 
for as the flying fish taketh her flight, so doeth this bonito 
leape after them, and taketh them sometimes above the water. 
There were some of those bonitos, which being galled by a 
fishgig, did follow our shippe comming out of Guinea 500 
leagues. There is a sea-fowle also that chaseth this flying 
fish aswell as the bonito: for as the flying fish taketh her 
flight, so doth this fowle pursue to take her, which to beholde 
is a greater pleasure then hawking, for both the flights are as 
pleasant, and also more often then an hundred times : for the 
fowle can flie no way, but one or other lighteth in her pawes, 
the number of them are so abimdant. There is an innu- 
merable yoong frie of these flying fishes, which commonly 
keepe about the ship, and are not so big as butter-flies, and 
yet by flying do avoid the unsatiablenesse of the bonito. Of 
the bigger sort of these fishes wee tooke many, which both 
night and day flew into the sailes of our ship, and there was 
not one of them which was not woorth a bonito: for being 
put upon a hooke drabling in the water, the bonito would 
leape thereat, and so was taken. Also, we tooke many with 
a white cloth made fast to a hooke, which being tied so short 
in the water, that it might leape out and in, the greedie bonito 
tliinlring it to be a fl}ang flsh leapeth thereat, and so is deceived. 
We tooke also dolphins which are of very goodly colour and 
proportion to behold, and no less delicate in taste. Fowles 
also there be many, both upon land and upon sea : but con- 
cerning them on the land I am not able to name them, be- 
cause my abode was there so short. But for the fowle of the 
fresh rivers, these two I noted to be the chiefe, whereof the 
Flemengo is one, having all red feathers, and long red l^s like 



130 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1666 

a heme, a necke according to the bill, red, whereof the upper 
neb hangeth an inch over the nether; and an egript/ which 
is all white as the swanne, with l^s like to an heam-shaw, and 
of bignesse accordingly, but it hath in her taile feathers of so 
fine a plume,' that it passeth the estridge ' his feather. Of the 
sea-fowle above all other not common in England, I noted the 
pellicane, which is f ained to be the lovingst bird that is ; which 
rather then her yong should want, wil spare her heart bloud 
out of her belly: but for all this lovingnesse she is very de- 
formed to beholde ; for she is of colour russet : notwithstand- 
ing in Guinea I have scene of them as white as a swan, having 
l^s like the same, and a body like a heame, with a long necke, 
and a thick long beak, from the nether jaw whereof downe to 
the breast passeth a skinne of such a bignesse, as is able to 
receive a fish as big as ones thigh, and this her big throat and 
long bill doeth make her seem so ougly. 

Here I have declared the estate of Florida, and the com- 
modities therein to this day knowen, which although it may 
seeme unto some, by the meanes that the plenty of golde and 
silver, is not so abundant as in other places, that the cost 
bestowed upon the same will not be able to quit the charges: 
yet am I of the opinion, that by that which I have seene in 
other Islands of the Indians, where such increase of cattell 
hath bene, that of twelve head of beasts in five and twenty 
yeeres, did in the hides of them raise a thousand poimd profit 
yerely, that the increase of cattel only would raise profit suflS- 
cient for the same : for wee may consider, if so small a portion 
did raise so much gaines in such short time, what would a 
greater do in many yeres? and surely I may this affirme, 
that the ground of the Indians for the breed of cattell, is not 
in any point to be compared to this of Florida, which all the 
yeere long is so greene, as any time in the Summer with us: 
which surely is not to be marvelled at, seeing the countrey 
standeth in so watery a climate : for once a day without f aile 
they have a shower of raine ; which by meanes of the countrey 

* Egret. * Aigrettes. » Ostrich. 



1M6] HAWKINS'S VOYAGE OP 1666 131 

it selfe, which is drie, and more fervent hot then oiu^, doeth 
make all things to flourish therein. And because there is not 
the thing we all seeke for, being rather desirous of present 
gaines, I doe therefore afl5rme the attempt thereof to be more 
requifflt for a prince, who is of power able to go thorow with 
the same, rather then for any subject. 

From thence wee departed the 28 of July, upon our voyage 
homewards, having there all things as might be most con- 
venient for our pmpose: and tooke leave of the Frenchmen 
that there still remained, who with diligence determined to 
make as great speede after, as they could. Thus by meanes 
of contrary windes oftentimes, wee prolonged our voyage in 
such manner that victuals scanted with us, so that we were 
divers times (or rather the most part) in despaire of ever 
comming home, had not God in his goodnesse better provided 
for us, then our deserving.* In which state of great miserie, 
wee were provoked to call upon him by fervent prayer, which 
mooved him to heare us, so that we had a prosperous winde, 
which did set us so farre shot, as to be upon the banke of 
Newfoimd land, on Saint Bartholomews eve,* and we sounded 
therupon, finding ground at an hundred and thirty fadoms, 
being that day somewhat becalmed, and tooke a great niunber 
of fresh codde-fish, which greatly relieved us : and being very 
glad thereof, the next day we departed, and had lingring little 
gales for the space of f oure and five dayes, at the ende of which 
we sawe a couple of French shippes, and had of them so much 
fish as would serve us plentifully for all the rest of the way, 
the Captaine paying for the same both golde and silver, to 
the just vahie thereof, unto the chiefe owners of the saide 
shippes, but they not looking for any thing at all, were glad 
in themselves to meete with such good intertainement at sea, 
as they had at our handes. After which departure from them, 
with a good large winde, the twentieth of September we came 
to Padstow' in Comewall, God be thanked, in safetie, with 

^ Hawkiii0 was the first English navigator to make his way up the Ameri- 
can coast. Gabot had sailed down the coast. ' /.e., on August 23. 
' On Padstow Bay, on the northern coast of Cornwall. 



132 



EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES 



[1566 



the losse of twentie persons in all the voyage; and with great 
profit to the venturers of the said voyage, as also to the whole 
realme, in bringing home both golde, silver, pearles and other 
jewels great store. His name therefore be praised for ever- 
more. Amen. 



The names of certaine Gentlemen that were in this voyage. 



M. John Hawkins. 

M. John Chester, sir William Cheaters sonne. 

M. Anthony Parkhurst 

M. Fitzwilliam. 

M. Thomas Woorley. 

M. Edward Lacie, with divers others. 

The Register and true accounts of all herein 
expressed hath beene approoved by me John 
Sparke the yoimger, who went upon the same 
^ voyage, and wrote the same. 



THE THIRD TROUBLESOME VOYAGE 
MADE WITH THE JESUS OF LUBEC 

1567-1568 



INTRODUCTION 

Hawkins reached England in September, 1565, bringing 
with him much treasure in gold, silver, and various commodities, 
and valuable information concerning that part of the New 
World which he had visited. With such results as a return 
for his outlay, Hawkins had no diflSculty in enlisting the in- 
terest of his countrjonen in a new and larger expedition, having 
commercial gains principally in view. The record of this third 
"troublesome'' voyage was written by Hawkins himself. It 
was reprinted by the Hakluyt Society in its Hawkins volume 
in 1868. Francis Drake, afterward Sir Francis Drake, com- 
manded one of the vessels connected with the expedition. The 
African coast was again visited, and a large number of slaves 
were secured and afterward sold in the Spanish settlements of 
the New World. Neither in the relation of the second voyage 
by Sparke, nor in this by Hawkins, is there any intimation 
whatever that at that time the slightest disgrace attached to 
slave-stealing and slave-selling. The authorities for the voyage 
are best discussed by Mr. Julian S. Corbett, Droke and the Tudor 
Navy J I. 414r420. Hawkins was a member of Parliament for 
Pljrmouth from 1571 to 1583. Deceiving both the Queen of 
Scots and Philip as to his loyalty, Hawkins was made a grandee 
of Spain in 1571, and received as a reward for his pretended 
treachery a considerable sum of money, which he used in 
equipping a large number of vessels for operations against 
Spain in the summer of 1572. He was made treasurer of the 
navy in 1573, succeeding his father-in-law, Ben Gonson. He 
was "the man to whom is due all the credit of preparing the 
royal fleet to meet the Armada," in 1588, served with distinc- 

186 



136 BAELY ENGLISH VOYAGES 

tion as rear-admiral in the naval conflict that ensued, and 
was knighted July 25, 1588. With Frobisher, Hawkins imder- 
took a voyage in 1590 for the purpose of harassing Spanish 
commerce. In 1592 he founded, at Chatham, ''Sir John 
Hawkins's Hospital'' for needy mariners and shipwrights. In 
1595, in company with Drake, he was connected with an ex- 
pedition against the Spanish settlements in the West Indies; 
and he died at sea November 12, 1595, ''neere the Eastern- 
most end of Saint Juan de Puerto Bico.'' 

H. S. B. 



THE THIRD VOYAGE BY M. JOHN HAW- 
KINS, I 567-1 568 

The third troublesome voyage made with the Jesus of Lvbec, the 
Minion, and foure other ships, to the parts of Guinea, 
and the West Indies, in the yeeres 1667 and 1668 by 
M. John Hawkins. 

The ships departed from Plimmouth, the second day of 
October, Anno 1567 and had reasonable weather untill the 
seventh day, at which time fortie leagues North from Cape 
Finister/ there arose an extreme storme, which continued foure 
dayes, in such sort, that the fleete was dispersed, and all our 
great boats lost, and the Jesus our chief e shippe, in such case, 
as not thought able to serve the voyage: whereupon in the 
same storme we set our course homeward, determining to give 
over the voyage: but the eleventh day of the same moneth, 
the winde changed with faire weather, whereby we were ani- 
mated to foUowe our enterprise, and so did, directing om* 
course with the Islands of the Canaries, where according to an 
order before prescribed, all our shippes before dispersed, met 
at one of those Hands, called Gomera, where we tooke water, 
and departed from thence the fourth day of November, towards 
the coast of Guinea, and arrived at Cape Verde, the eighteenth 
of November: where we landed 150 men, hoping to obtain 
some N^ros, where we got but fewe, and those with great 
hurt and damage to our men, which chiefly proceeded of their 
envenomed arrowes: and although in the beginning they 
seemed to be but small hurts, yet there hardly escaped any 
that had blood drawen of them, but died in strange sort, with 

^ On the northwestern coast of Spain. 

187 



188 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1607 

their mouthes shut some tenne dayes before they died, and after 
their wounds were whole ; * where I my self e had one of the 
greatest woundes, yet thanks be to God, escaped. From 
thence we passed the time upon the coast of Guinea, search- 
ing with all diligence the rivers from Rio grande, unto Sierra 
Leona, till the twelfth of Januarie, in which time we had not 
gotten together a hundreth and fif tie N^ros : yet noth with- 
standing the sicknesse of our men, and the late time of the 
yeere commanded us away : and thus having nothing where- 
with to seeke the coast of the West Indies, I was with the 
rest of our company in consultation to goe to the coast of the 
Mine/ hoping there to have obtained some golde for our wares, 
and thereby to have defraied our charge. But even in that 
present instant, there came to us a N^ro, sent from a king 
oppressed by other Kings his neighbours, desiring our aide, 
with promise that as many N^os as by these warres might 
be obtained, aswell of his part as of ours, should be at our 
pleasure : whereupon we concluded to give aide, and sent 120 
of our men, which the 15 of Januarie, assaulted a towne of 
the N^os of our Allies adversaries, which had in it 8000 
Inhabitants, being very strongly impaled and fenced after 
their manner, but it was so well defended that our men pre- 
vailed not, but lost sixe men and f ortie hurt : so that our men 
sent forthwith to me for more helpe: whereupon considering 
that the good successe of this enterprise might highly further 
the commoditie of our voyage, I went my selfe, and with the 
helpe of the king of our side, assaulted the towne, both by 
land and sea, and very hardly with fire (their houses being 
covered with dry Palme leaves) obtained the towne, and put 
the inhabitants to flight, where we tooke 250 persons, men, 
women, and children, and by our friend the king of our side, 
there were taken 600 prisoners, whereof we hoped to have had 
our choise : but the Negro (in which nation is seldome or never 
found truth) meant nothing lesse : for that night he remooved 

* The West African negroes poisoned their arrows ; the wounds produced 
by them tended to result in something resembling lockjaw. 

* El Mina, or the Gold Coajst. 



1668] HAWKINS'S VOYAGE OF 1668 13» 

his campe and prisoners, so that we were faine to content us 
with those fewe which we had gotten ourselves. 

Now had we obtained between foure and five hundred 
Negros, wherewith we thought it somewhat reasonable to 
seeke the coast of the West Indies, and there, for our Negros, 
and other our merchandize, we hoped to obtaine, whereof to 
coimtervaile our charges with some gaines, wherunto we pro- 
ceeded with all diligence, furnished our watering, tooke fuell, 
and departed the coast of Guinea the third of Februarie, 
continuing at the sea with a passage more hard, then before 
had bene accustomed till the 27 day of March, which day we 
had sight of an Hand, called Dominica, upon the coast of the 
West Indies, in fourteene degrees: from thence we coasted 
from place to place, making our traflSke with the Spaniards as 
we might, somewhat hardly, because the king had straightly 
commanded all his Govemours in those parts, by no meanes 
to suffer any trade to be made with us : notwithstanding we 
had reasonable trade, and courteous entertainement, from the 
He of Margarita * imto Cartagena,^ without any thing greatly 
worth the noting, saving at Capo de la Vela,* in a towne called 
Rio de la Hacha* (from whence come all the pearles) the 
treasurer who had the charge there, would by no meanes agree 
to any trade, or suffer us to take water, he had fortified his 
towne with divers bulwarkes in all places where it might be 
entered, and furnished himself e with an hundred Hargabuziers,* 
so that he thought by famine to have inforced us to have put 
a land oiu- N^os : of which purpose he had not greatly failed, 
unlesse we had by force entred the towne: which (after we 
could by no meanes obtaine his favour) we were inforced to 
doe, and so with two hundred men brake in upon their bul- 
warkes, and entred the towne with the losse onely of two men 

* In the Caribbean Sea, oflf the coast of Venezuela. 

' A city on the northern coast of Colombia, capital of a province of the 
same name and of the state of Bolivar. 

' On the coast of Magdalena, one of the states of Colombia. 

* West of Capo de la Vela. 

* Men armed with the arquebus, a firearm of the period ; written also 

harquebus. 



140 EABLY DKGLISH VOTAGES [I5e6 

of our partes, and no hurt done to the Spaniards because after 
then* voley of shot discharged, they all fled. 

Thus having the town with some circumstance, as partly 
by the Spaniards desire of Negros, and partly by friendship of 
the Treasurer, we obtained a secret teade: whereupon the 
Spaniards resorted to us by night, and bought of us to the 
number of 200 Negros: in all other places where we traded 
the Spaniards inhabitants were glad of us, and traded willingly. 

At Cartagena the last towne we thought to have seene on 
the coast, we could by no meanes obtaine to deale with any 
Spaniard, the governor was so straight, and because our trade 
was so neere finished we thought not good either to adventure 
any landing, or to detract further time, but in peace departed 
from thence the 24 of July, hoping to have escaped the time 
of their stormes which then soone after b^an to reigne, the 
which they called Furicanos, but passing by the West end of 
Cuba, towards the coast of Florida, there happened to us the 
12 day of August an extreme storme which continued by the 
space of foure dayes, which so beat the Jesus, that we cut 
downe all her higher buildings, her rudder also was sore shaken, 
and withall was in so extreme a leake, that we were rather upon 
the point to leave her then to keepe her any longer, yet hoping 
to bring all to good passe, we sought the coast of Florida, 
where we found no place nor Haven for our ships, because of 
the shalownesse of the coast : thus being in greater dispaire, 
and taken with a newe storme which continued other 3 dayes, 
we were inforced to take for our succour the Port which serveth 
the citie of Mexico called Saint John de UUua,* which standeth 
in 19 degrees : in seeking of which Port we tooke in our way 
3 ships which carried passengers to the number of an hundred, 
which passengers we hoped should be a meane to us the better 
to obtaine victuals for our money, and a quiet place for the 
repairing of our fleete. Shortly after this the 16 of September 
we entered the Port of Saint John de Ullua and in our entrie 
the Spaniardes thinking us to be the fleete of Spaine, the 

^ San Juan de Ulua, a small island on the Mexican coast opposite Vera 
duz, on which is a castle of the same name. 



IfiW] HAWKINS'S VOYAGE OF 1668 141 

chiefe officers of the CJountrey came aboord us, which being 
deceived of their expectation were greatly dismayed : but im- 
mediatly when they sawe our demand was nothing but victuals, 
were recomforted- I found also in the same Port twelve ships 
which had in them by the report two hundred thousand pound 
in gold and silver, all which (being in my possession, with the 
kings Hand as also the passengers before in my way thither- 
ward stayed) I set at Ubertie, without the taking from them 
the waight of a groat : onely because I would not be delayed of 
my dispatch, I stayed two men of estimation and sent post 
immediatly to Mexico, which was two hundred miles from 
us, to the Presidentes and CJouncell there, shewing them of 
our arrivall there by the force of weather, and the necessitie 
of the repaire of our shippes and victuals, which wantes we 
required as friends to king Philip to be furnished of for our 
money: and that the Presidents and CJouncell there should 
with all convenient speede take order, that at the arrivall of 
the Spanish fleete, which was dayly looked for, there might 
no cause of quarrell rise betweene us and them, but for the 
better maintenance of amitie, their commandement might be 
had in that behalfe. This message being sent away the six- 
teenth day of September at night, being the very day of our 
♦arrivall, in the next morning which was the seventeenth day 
of the same moneth, we sawe open of the Haven thirteene 
great shippes, and understanding them to bee the fleete of 
Spaine, I sent immediatly to advertise the Generall of the 
fleete of my being there, doing him to understand, that before 
I would suffer them to enter the Port, there should some order 
of conditions passe betweene us for our safe being there, and 
maintenance of peace. Now it is to be imderstood that this 
Port is made by a httle Hand of stones not three foote above 
the water in the highest place, and but a bow-shoot of length 
any way, this Hand standeth from the maine land two bow 
shootes or more, also it is to be understood that there is not 
in all this coast any other place for shippes to arrive in safety, 
because the North winde hath there such violence, that im- 
lesse the shippes be very safely mored with their ankers fastened 



142 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1608 

upon this Hand, there is no remedie for these North windes but 
death : also the place of the Haven was so little, that of neces- 
sitie the shippes must ride one aboord the other, so that we 
could not give place to them, nor they to us: and here I 
b^anne to bewaile that which after followed, for now, said I, 
I am in two dangers, and forced to receive the one of them. 
That was, either I must have kept out the fleete from enter- 
ing the Port, the which with Gods helpe I was very well able 
to doe, or else suffer them to enter in with their accustomed 
treason, which they never faile to execute, where they may 
have opportimitie, to compasse it by any meanes: if I had 
kept them out, then had there bene present shipwracke of all 
the fleete which amounted in value to sixe Millions, which was 
in value of our money 1800000- li. which I considered I was not 
able to answere, fearing the Queenes Majesties indignation in 
so waightie a matter. Thus with my selfe revolving the 
doubts, I thought rather better to abide the Jutt of the un- 
certainty, then the certaintie. The uncertaine doubt I account 
was their treason which by good policie I hoped might be 
prevented, and therefore as chusing the least mischiefe I pro- 
ceeded to conditions. Now was our first messenger come and 
returned from the fleete with report of the arrivall of a Viceroy, 
so that hee had authoritie, both in all this Province of Mexico ' 
(otherwise called Neuva Espanna) and in the sea, who sent 
us word that we should send our conditions, which of his part 
should (for the better maintenance of amitie betweene the 
Princes) be both favourably granted, and faithfully performed 
with many faire wordes how passing the coast of the Indies 
he had understood of our honest behaviour towardes the in- 
habitants where we had to doe, aswell elsewhere as in the 
same Port, the which I let passe : thus following our demand, 
we required victuals for our money, and licence to sell as 
much ware as might furnish our wants, and that there might 
be of either part twelve gentlemen as hostages for the main- 
tenance of peace: and that the Hand for our better safetie 
might be in our owne possession, during our abode there, and 
such ordinance as was planted in the same Hand which were 



1668] HAWKINS'S VOYAGE OF 1668 143 

eleven i>eece8 of brasse : and that no Spaniard might land in 
the Hand with any kind of weapon: these conditions at the 
first he somewhat misliked, chiefly the guard of the Hand to 
be in our owne keeping, which if they had had, we had soone 
knowen our fare : for with the first North winde they had cut 
our cables and our ships had gone ashore : but in the ende he 
concluded to our request, bringing the twelve hostages to ten, 
which with all speede of either part were received, with a 
writing from the Viceroy signed with his hande and sealed 
with his seale of all the conditions concluded, and forthwith a 
trumpet blowen with commandement that none of either part 
shotild be meane to violate the peace upon paine of death: 
and fiuiher it was concluded that the two Generals of the 
fleetes should meete, and give faith ech to other for the per- 
formance of the premisses which was so done. Thus at the 
end of 3 dayes all was concluded and the fleete entered the 
port, saluting one another as the maner of the sea doth re- 
quire. Thus as I said before, Thursday we entred the port, 
Friday we saw the fleete, and on Munday at night they entered 
the Port : then we laboured 2. dales placing the English ships 
by themselves, and the Spanish ships by themselves, the cap- 
tames of ech part and inf eriour men of then- parts promismg 
great amity of aJ sides : which even as with all fidelitie it was 
ment on our part, so the Spaniards ment nothing lesse on 
their parts, but from the maine land had furnished them- 
selves with a supply of men to the number of 1000, and ment 
the next Thursday being the 23 of September at dinner time, 
to set upon us on all sides. The same Thursday in the mom- 
mg the treason being at hand, some appearance shewed, as 
shifting of weapon from ship to ship, planting and bending of 
ordinance from the ships to the Iland where our men warded, 
passing too and fro of companies of men more then required 
for their necessary busines, and many other ill likelihoods, 
¥^ch caused us to have a vehement suspition, and there- 
withall sent to the Viceroy to enquire what was ment by it, 
which sent immediatly straight commandement to unplant all 
things suspiciotis, and also sent word that he in the faith of a 



144 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [iSdB 

Viceroy would be our defence from all villanies. Yet we 
being not satisfied with this answere, because we suspected a 
great number of men to be hid in a great ship of 900 tunnes^ 
which was mored next unto the Minion, sent againe to the 
Viceroy the master of the Jesus which had the Spanish tongue, 
and required to be satisfied if any such thing were or not. 
The Viceroy now seeing that the treason must be discovered, 
foorthwith stayed our master, blew the Trumpet, and of all 
sides set upon us : our men which warded a shore being stricken 
with sudden feare, gave place, fled, and sought to recover 
succour of the ships; the Spaniardes being before provided 
for the purpose landed in all places in multitudes from their 
ships which they might easily doe without boates, and slewe 
all our men ashore without mercie, a fewe of them escaped 
aboord the Jesus. The great ship which had by the estima- 
tion three hundred men placed in her secretly, immediatly fell 
aboord the Minion, but by Gods appointment, in the tune of 
the suspicion we had, which was onely one halfe houre, the 
Minion was made readie to avoide, and so leesing her hedfasts, 
and hayling away by the stemef astes she was gotten out : thus 
with Gods helpe she defended the violence of the first brunt of 
these three hundred men. The Minion being past out, they 
came aboord the Jesus, which also with very much a doe and 
the losse of manie of our men were defended and kept out. 
Then there were also two other ships that assaulted the Jesus 
at the same instant, so that she had hard getting loose, but 
yet with some time we had cut our head-fastes, and gotten 
out by the stem-fastes. Nowe when the Jesus and the Minion 
were gotten about two shippes length from the Spanish fleete, 
the fight beganne so hotte on all sides that within one houre 
the Admirall of the Spaniards was supposed to be sunke, their 
Viceadmirall burned, and one other of their principall ships 
supposed to be sunke, so that the shippes were little able to 
annoy us. 

Then it is to be understood, that all the Ordinance upon 
the Ilande was in the Spaniardes handes, which did us so great 
annoyance, that it cut all the mastes and yardes of the Jesu9 



1668] HAWKINS'S VOYAGE OF 1668 146 

in such sort that there was no hope to carrie her away : also 
it sunke our small shippes, whereupon we determined to place 
the Jesus on that side of the Minion, that she might abide all 
the batterie from the land, and so be a defence for the Minion 
till night, and then to take such reUefe of victuall and other 
necessaries from the Jesus, as the time would suffer us, and to 
leave her. As we were thus determining, and had placed the 
Minion from the shot of the land, suddenly the Spaniards had 
fired two great shippes which were comming directly with us, 
and having no meanes to avoide the fire, it bredde among our 
men a marvellous feare, so that some sayd, let us depart with 
the Minion, other said, let us see whether the winde will carrie 
the fire from us. But to be short, the Minions men which had 
alwayes their sayles in a readinesse, thought to make sure 
worke, and so without either consent of the Captaine or 
Master cut their saile, so that very hardly I was received into 
the Minion. 

The most part of the men that were left alive in the Jesus, 
made shift and followed the Minion in a small boat, the rest 
which the little boate was not able to receive, were inforced 
to abide the mercie of the Spaniards (which I doubt was very 
httle) so with the Minion only and the Judith (a small barke 
of 50 timne) we escaped, which barke the same night forsooke 
us in our great miserie: we were now remooved with the 
Minion from the Spanish ships two bow-shootes, and there 
rode all that night : the next morning we recovered an Iland 
a mile from the Spaniardes, where there tooke us a North 
winde, and being left onely with two ankers and two cables 
(for in this conflict we lost three cables and two ankers) we 
thought alwayes upon death which ever was present, but God 
preserved us to a longer time. 

The weather waxed reasonable, and the Saturday we set 
saile, and having a great nimiber of men and httle victuals 
our hope of life waxed lesse and lesse : some desired to yeeld 
to the Spaniards, some rather desired to obtaine a place where 
they might give themselves to the Infidels, and some had 
rather abide with a httle pittance the mercie of God at Sea: 



146 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [im 

SO thus with many sorowful hearts we wandred in an un- 
knowen Sea by the space of 14 dayes, till hunger inforced us 
to seek the land, for hides were thought very good meat, rats, 
cats, mice and dogs, none escaped that might be gotten, parrats 
and monkeyes that were had in great price, were thought there 
very profitable if they served the tume one dinner: thus in 
the end the 8 day of October we came to the land in the 
botome of the same bay of Mexico in 23 d^ees and a halfe, 
where we hoped to have found inhabitants of the Spaniards, 
reliefe of victuals, and place for the repaire of our ship, which 
was so sore beaten with shot from our enemies and brused with 
shooting off our owne ordinance, that our wearie and weake 
armes were scarce able to def ende and keepe out water. But 
all things happened to the contrary, for we f oimd neither people, 
victuall, nor haven of reliefe, but a place where having faire 
weather with some perill we might land a boat; our people 
being forced with hunger desired to be set on land, where- 
unto I consented. 

And such as were willing to land I put them apart, and 
such as were desirous to goe homewardes, I put apart, so that 
they were indifferently parted a hundred of one side and a 
hundred of the other side : these hundred men we set a land 
with all diligence in this little place beforesaid,* which being 
landed, we determined there to take in fresh water, and so 
with our Uttle remaine of victuals to take the sea. 

The next day having a land with me fiftie of our hundreth 
men that remained for the speedier preparing of our water 

* The number was one hundred and fourteen. David Ingram, Richard 
Brown and Richard Twide made their way northward, and about fifty 
leagues from Cape Breton found a French vessel, on which they were carried 
to England. About seventy of the others, including Miles Phillips and Job 
Hortop, marched westward into Mexico. Of this number sixty-eight suffered 
punishment and imprisonment in the galleys, and three were burned to death. 
Narratives written by Miles Phillips and Job Hortop are preserved in 
Hakluyt's Voyages, IX. 398-465, of the Hakluyt Society's edition. David 
Ingram's narrative, printed by Hakluyt in his edition of 1589, was omitted in 
the edition of 1600 on account of "some incredibilities." In his Westward 
Ho, Charles Kingsley made extensive use of the material furnished by these 
relations, as well as of that found in Hawkins's own narrative. 



1668] HAWKINS'S VOYAGE OF 1668 147 

aboordy th^e arose an extreame storme, so that in three dayes 
we could by no meanes repaire aboord our ship : the ship also 
was in such perill that every houre we looked for ship- 
wracke. 

But yet God againe had mercie on us, and sent faire weather, 
we had aboord our water, and departed the sixteenth day of 
October, after which day we had faire and prosperous weather 
till the sixteenth day of November, which day God be praysed 
we were cleere from the coast of the Indies, and out of the 
chanell and gulfe of Bahama, which is betweene the Cape of 
Florida, and the Handes of Lucayo/ After this growing neere 
to the colde countrey, our men being oppressed with famine, 
died continually, and they that were left, grew into such 
weakenesse that we were scantly able to manage our shippe, 
and the winde being always ill for us to recover England, we 
determined to goe with Galicia^ in Spaine, with intent there 
to relieve our companie and other extreame wantes. And 
being arrived the last day of December in a place neere unto 
Vigo called Ponte Vedra,' our men with excesse of fresh meate 
grew into miserable disseases, and died a great part of them. 
This matter was borne out as long as it might be, but in the 
end although there were none of our men suffered to goe a 
land, yet by accesse of the Spaniards, our feeblenesse was 
knowen to them. Whereupon they ceased not to seeke by all 
meanes to betray us, but with all speede possible we departed 
to Vigo, where we had some helpe of certaine English ships 
and twelve fresh men, wherewith we repaired our wants as 
we might, and departing the 20 day of January 1568 * arrived 
in Mounts bay* in C!omewall the 25 of the same moneth, praised 
be God therefore. 

If all the miseries and troublesome affaires of this sorowfull 



^ Hawkins was familiar with this route, as he passed the same way in 
his previous voyage. 

' Northwest province of Spain. 

' In the southern part of the province of Galicia. 

* OW style. By new style, 1569. 

' On the southern coast of Cornwall, between the Liasard and Land's End. 



148 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [IM 

voyage should be perfectly and throughly written, there shoul 
neede a painefuU man with his pen, and as great a time as h 
had that wrote the lives and deathes of the Martyrs. 

John Hawkins. 



THE WORLD ENCOMPASSED BY SIR 
FRANCIS DRAKE, (CALIFORNIA) 

1579 



i 



INTRODUCTION 

Francis Drake, a native of Tavistock, Devonshire, early 
entered upon a sea life. In Hawkins's expedition of 1567 he 
commanded the Jvdith. The treatment he and others received 
at San Juan de Ulua so greatly embittered him against the 
Spaniards that for several years he ravaged the Spanish main. 
It was on one of these expeditions that Drake crossed the 
Isthmus of Panama, and obtained a view of the Pacific Ocean, 
which later he was to navigate and explore. He sailed from 
Plymouth, on his celebrated voyage around the world, Novem- 
ber 15, 1577, his fleet consisting of five vessels. In sailing 
down the South American coast, Drake paused to refit here 
and there. Two months, from June 19, 1578, to August 17, 
were spent at Port St. Julian. The Straits of Magellan were 
reached August 20, and, after entering the waters of the 
Pacific, several months were passed in preying upon various 
Spanish interests on the west coast of South America, Drake 
enriching himself here and there with Spanish plunder. In 
March, 1579, having become separated from his consorts, 
Drake was at Cape San Francisco, a little north of the equator. 
April 15 he reached the harbor of Guatulco, or Aguatulco, with 
a reference to which the following extract from the World 
Encompassed b^ins. 

After the events there narrated, Drake, leaving the Ameri- 
can coast, crossed the Pacific to the Philippines, and then made 
his way home by way of the Cape of Good Hope, thus encom- 
passing the world. He reached Plymouth September 26, 
1580. The earliest relation of the voyage in print is the one 
ascribed to Francis Pretty, entitled The Famous Voyage of Sir 
Francis Drake into the South Sea . . . begun in the yeare of our 

161 



162 EAELY ENGLISH VOYAGES 

Lord 1577. Haklujrt had a copy, but in the introduction of 
his edition of 1589 he says that the friends of Drake, who did 
not wish to have their publications forestalled, asked him to 
omit it. He seems to have printed it privately, however, and 
the six pages, without pagination, were inserted after page 
643 in some, if not all, of the copies of the edition. The John 
Carter Brown Library at Brown University and the Library 
of Harvard University have copies. Pretty's narrative foimd 
a place in the third volume of the edition of 1598-1600. The 
authoritative account of the expedition is to be foimd in The 
World Encompassed by Sir Francis Drake, carefvUy Collected 
out of the notes of Master Francis Fletcher, Preacher in this 
Imployment, and divers others his followers (London, 1628). 
A reprint, edited by W. S. W. Vaux, was published by the 
Haklu)rt Society (London, 1854). A portion has been re- 
printed in the Old South Leaflets, No. 116. The best discus- 
sion of the materials for the history of Drake's voyage of 
circumnavigation will be found in Mr. Julian S. Corbett's 
Drake and the Tudor Navy, I. 421-429. 

Drake was rewarded by Elizabeth with the honor of knight- 
hood. In 1587, when the Spanish Armada was in preparation, 
Drake, with his fleet, entered the harbor of Cadiz and destroyed 
nearly a hundred vessels. In the following year, at the de- 
struction of the Armada, Drake was present as vice-admiral. 
In 1592 he was made a member of Parhament. He died 
December 27, 1595, while leadmg an expedition against 
Spanish interests in the West Indies, and was buried at sea. 
Of the voyage of 1595-1596 there is a manuscript account by 
Thomas Majmarde in the British Museum. This, with a 
Spanish account, was printed by the Haklu)rt Society in 1849. 

H. S. B. 



SIR FRANCIS DRAKE ON THE CALIFORNIA 

COAST, 1579 

From Guatulco * we departed the day following, viz., Aprill 
16, [1579] setting our course directly into the sea, whereon we 
sayled 500 leagues in longitude, to get a winde : and betweene 
that and June 3, 1400 leagues in all, till we came into 42 deg. 
of North latitude, where in the night following we found such 
alteration of heate, into extreame and nipping cold, that our 
men in generaU did grievously complame thereof, some of them 
feeling their healths much impaired thereby; neither was it 
that this chanced in the night alone, but the day following car- 
ried with it not onely the markes, but the stings and force of 
the night going before, to the great admiration of us all ; for 
besides that the pinching and biting aire was nothing altered, 
the very roapes of our ship were stiff e, and the raine which fell 
was an mmatural congealed and frozen substance, so that we 
seemed rather to be in the frozen Zone then any way so neere 
unto the sun, or these hotter climates. 

Neither did this happen for the time onely, or by some sud- 
den accident, but rather seemes indeed to proceed from some 
ordinary cause, against the which the heate of the sun prevailes 
not ; for it came to that extremity in sayling but 2 deg. farther 
to the Northward in our course, that though sea-men lack not 
good stomaches, yet it seemed a question to many amongst us, 
whether their hands should feed their mouthes, or rather keepe 
themselves within their coverts from the pinching cold that did 
benumme them. Neither could we impute it to the tendemesse 
of our bodies, though we came lately from the extremitie of 
heate, by reason whereof we might be more sensible of the 
present cold: insomuch as the dead and sencelesse creatures 

^ A small port of Guatemala. 
163 



164 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1679 

were as well affected with it as ourselves : our meate, as soone 
as it was remooved from the fire, would presently in a manner 
be frozen up, and our ropes and tackling in few dayes were 
growne to that stiffnesse, that what 3 men afore were able with 
them to performe, now 6 men, with their best strength and 
uttermost endeavour, were hardly able to accomplish : whereby 
a sudden and great discouragement seased upon the mindes of 
our men, and they were possessed with a great mislike and 
doubting of any good to be done that way ; yet would not our 
General be discouraged, but as wel by comfortable speeches, 
of the divine providence, and of God's loving care over his 
children, out of the Scriptures, as also by other good and profit- 
able perswasions, adding thereto his own cheerfull example, he 
so stirred them up to put on a good courage, and to quite 
themselves like men, to indure some short extremity to have 
the speedier comfort, and a Uttle trouble to obtaine the greater 
glory, that every man was throughly armed with willingnesse 
and resolved to see the uttermost, if it were possible, of what 
good was to be done that way. 

The land in that part of America, bearing farther out into the 
West then we before imagined, we were neerer on it than wee 
were aware; and yet the neerer still wee came unto it, the 
more extremitie of cold did sease upon us. The 5 day of June 
wee were forced by contrary windes to runne in with the 
shoare, which we then first descried, and to cast anchor in a 
bad bay, the best roade we could for the present meete with, 
where wee were not without some danger by reason of the 
many extreme gusts and flawes that beate upon us, which if 
they ceased and were still at any time, immediately upon their 
intermission there followed most vile, thicke, and stinking 
fogges, against which the sea prevailed nothing, till the gusts 
of wind againe removed them, which brought with them such 
extremity and violence when they came, that there was no 
dealing or resisting against them. 

In this place was no abiding for us ; and to go further North, 
the extremity of the cold (which had now utterly discoiu'aged 
our men) would not permit us; and the winds directly bent 



1679] DEAKE IN CALIFORNIA 166 

against us, having once gotten us imder sayle againe, com- 
manded us to the Southward whether we would or no. 

From the height of 48 deg., in which now we were, to 38, 
we found the land, by coasting alongst it, to bee but low and 
reasonable plaine ; every hill (whereof we saw many, but none 
verie high), though it were in June, and the sunne in his neerest 
approch imto them, being covered with snow. 

In 38 deg. 30 min. we fell with a convenient and fit har- 
borough,* and June 17 came to anchor therein, where we con- 
tinued till the 23 day of July following. During all which 
time, notwithstanding it was in the height of simuner, and so 
neere the sunne, yet were wee continually visited with like 
nipping colds as we had felt before; insomuch that if violent 
exercises of our bodies, and busie employment about our nec- 
essarie labours, had not sometimes compeld us to the contrary, 
we could very well have been contented to have kept about us 
still our winter clothes ; yea (had our necessities suffered us) to 

* Professor George Davidson, of the United States Coast and Geodetic 
Survey, after a careful study of the Narrative and the coast {Voyages of Dis- 
covery and Exploration on the Northwest Coast of America from 1539 to 1603, 
Washington, Grovemment Printing-office, 1887, pp. 214-218), identifies the 
harbor entered by Drake with Drake's Bay, under Point Reyes, about thirty 
miles north of Sslh Francisco. '' Drake's Bay,'' he says, ''is a capital harbor 
in northwest winds, such as Drake encountered. It is easily entered, shel- 
tered by high lands, and a vessel may anchor in three fathoms close under the 
shore in good holding ground. ... If he had been inside the Estero Liman- 
tour, of which he could not have detected the entrance from his vessel, he 
would necessarily have been very close to either shore. And had he seen it, 
he would not have dared to enter it without sounding it out. It has only 
thirteen feet of water on the bar at the highest tides, and he would not have 
hazarded his vessel in entering such a doubtful anchorage. Nor would he 
have risked the possibility of attack from the Indians in such a contracted 
place. He doubtless anchored in Drake's Bay, and the reef in his plan rep- 
resents in a crude manner the reef of the easternmost point of Point Reyes 
Head. In a rough sketch of his anchorage it is called Portus Novae Albionis." 
On the other hand Edward Everett Hale, in his " Critical Essay on Drake's 
Bay," in Winsor's Narrative and Critical History of America, III. 74-78, 
identifies the "convenient and fit harbor," which Drake entered, with San 
Francisco Bay. The consensus of opinion among scholars on the Pacific 
coast at the present time, however, is said to be in favor of Drake's Bay, 
and such is aJso the view expressed by Mr. Corbett in his Drake and the 
Tudor Navy. 



166 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [16» 

have kept our beds ; neither could we at any time, in whole 
fonrteene dayes together, find the aire so cleare as to be able 
to take the height of sunne or starre. 

And here, having so fit occasion (notwithstanding it may 
seeme to be besides the purpose of writing the history of this 
our voyage), we will a little more diligently inquire into the 
causes of the continuance of the extreame cold in these parts, 
as also into the probabilities or unlikelihoods of a passage to 
be found that way. Neither was it (as hath formerly beene 
touched) the tendemesse of our bodies, comming so lately out 
of the heate, whereby the poores were opened, that made us so 
sensible of the colds we here felt : in this respect, as in many 
others, we found our God a provident Father and carefull Phy- 
sitian for us. We lacked no outward helpes nor inward com- 
forts to restore and fortifie nature, had it beene decayed or 
weakened m us; neither was there wanting to us the great 
experience of our Grenerall, who had often himselfe proved the 
force of the burning Zone, whose advice alwayes prevailed 
much to the preserving of a moderate temper in our constitu- 
tions; so that even after our departure from the heate wee 
alwayes found our bodies, not as sponges, but strong and 
hardned, more able to beare out cold, though we came out of 
excesse of heate, then a number of chamber champions could 
have beene, who lye on their feather beds till they go to sea, 
or rather, whose teeth in a temperate aire do beate in their 
heads at a cup of cold sack and sugar by the fire. 

And that it was not our tendemes, but the very extremitie 
of the cold itselfe that caused this sensiblenes in us, may the 
rather appeare, in that the naturall inhabitants of the place 
(with whom we had for a long season familiar intercourse, as 
is to be related), who had never beene acquainted with such 
heate, to whom the countrey, ajrre, and climate was proper, and 
in whom custome of cold was as it were a second natiu'e ; yet 
used to come shivering to us in their warme furres, crowding 
close together, body to body, to receive heate one of another, 
and sheltring themselves under a lee bancke, if it were pos- 
sible, and as often as they could labouring to shroude them- 



lOT] DRAKJ5 IK CALIFORNIA 167 

selves under our garments also to keepe them warme. Besides, 
how unhandsome and deformed appeared the face of the earth 
it self e ! shewing trees without leaves, and the ground without 
greemies in those moneths of June and July. The poore birds 
and foules not daring (as we had great experience to observe 
it), not daring so much as once to arise from their nests after 
the first ^ge layed, till it, with all the rest, be hatched and 
brought to some strength of nature, able to helpe itselfe. 
Onely this recompence hath nature afifoorded them, that the 
heate of their owne bodies being exceeding great, it perfecteth 
the creature with greater expedition, and in shorter time then 
is to be found in many places. 

As for the causes of this extremity, they seeme not to be so 
deeply hidden but that they may, at least in part, be guessed 
at. The chiefest of which we conceive to be the large spread- 
ing of the Asian and American continent, which (somewhat 
Northward of these parts), if they be not fully joined, yet 
seeme they to come very neere one to the other. lYom whose 
high and snow-covered mountaines, the North and North-west 
winds (the constant visitants of those coasts) send abroad their 
frozen nimphes, to the infecting the whole aire with this insuf- 
ferable sharpnesse : not permitting the Sunne, no, not in the 
pride of his heate, to dissolve that congealed matter and snow, 
which they have breathed out so nigh the Sunne, and so many 
d^rees distant from themselves. And that the North and 
North-west winds are here constant in June and July, as the 
North wind alone is in August and September, we not onely 
found it by our owne experience, but were fully confirmed in 
the opinion thereof, by the continued observations of the Span- 
iards. Hence comes the generall squalidnesse and barren- 
nesse of the countrie ; hence comes it, that in the middest of 
their sunmier, the snow hardly departeth even from their very 
doores, but is never taken away from their hils at all ; hence 
come those thicke mists and most stinking fogges, which in- 
crease so much the more, by how much higher the pole is 
raised : wherein a blind pilot is as good as the best director of 
a course. For the Sunne striving to performe his naturall 



168 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1679 

office, in elevating the vapors out of these inferior bodieSi 
draweth necessarily abundance of moisture out of the sea; 
but the nipping cold (from the former causes) meeting and 
opposing the sunnes indevour, forces him to give over his worke 
imperfect; and instead of higher elevation, to leave in the 
lowest r^on, wandring upon the face of the earth and waters 
as it were a second sea, through which its owne beames cannot 
possibly pierce, unlesse sometimes when the sudden violence 
of the winds doth helpe to scatter and breake through it; 
which thing happeneth very seldome, and when it happeneth 
is of no continuance. Some of our mariners in this voyage 
had formerely beene at Wardhouse,* in 72 d^. of North lati- 
tude, who yet affirmed that they felt no such nipping cold there 
in the end of the summer, when they departed thence, as they 
did here in those hottest moneths of June and July.* 

And also from these reasons we conjecture, that either there 
is no passage at all through these Northeme coasts (which is 
most likely), or if there be, that yet it is mmavigable. Adde 
hereunto, that though we searched the coast diligently, even 
imto the 48 d^., yet found we not the land to trend so much 
as one point in any place towards the East, but rather running 
on continually North-west, as if it went directly to meet with 
Asia ; and even in that height, when we had a f ranke winde to 
have carried us through, had there beene a passage, yet we 
had a smoothe and calme sea, with ordinary flowing and re- 
flowing, which could not have beene had there beene a frete ;' 
of which we rather infallibly concluded, then conjectured, that 
there was none. But to retume. 

The next day, after our comming to anchor in the aforesaid 
harbour, the people of the countrey shewed themselves, send- 

* Vardohuus, in northern Norway. 

' It was the unfavorable season for a visit to that part of the coast. The 
winters there are warm and the summers cool. Great changes occur in the 
temperature within twenty-four hours, the mercury varying from twenty to 
thirty degrees. Especially are the nights cool. For eight months in the 
year the wind pours in from the sea toward noon, and increases in chilli- 
ness till late at night. Heavy fogs occur during June, July, and August. 

* Strait ; Lat., fretum. 



1679] DRAKE IN CALIFORNIA 159 

ing off a man with great expedition to ns in a canow. Who 
being yet but a little from the shoare, and a great way from 
our ship, spake to us continually as he came rowing on. And 
at last at a reasonable distance staying himselfe, he began 
more solemnely a long and tedious oSn, after to mi: 
using in the deliverie thereof many gestures and signes, moving 
his hands, turning his head and body many wayes : and after 
his oratioi ende^with great shew of reverence and submission 
returned backe to shoare againe. He shortly came againe the 
second time m Uke manner, and so the tWrd time, when he 
brought with him (as a present from the rest) a bunch of 
feathers, much like the feathers of a blacke crow, very neatly 
and artificially gathered upon a string, and drawne together 
into a round bundle; being verie cleane and finely cut, and 
bearing in length an equall proportion one with another; a 
speciall cognizance (as wee afterwards observed) which they 
that guard their kings person weare on their heads. With this 
also he brought a Uttle basket made of rushes, and filled with 
an herbe which they called Tobdh} Both which being tyed to 
a short rodde, he cast into our boate. Our Generall intended 
to have recompenced him immediatly with many good things 
he would have bestowed on him ; but entring into the boate to 
deliver the same, he could not be drawne to receive them by 
any meanes, save one hat, which being cast into the water out 
of the ship, he tooke up (refusing utterly to meddle with any 
other thing, though it were upon a board put ofif unto him) and 
80 presently made his retume. After which time our boate 
could row no way, but wondring at us as at gods, they would 
follow the same with admiration. 

The 3 day following, viz., the 21, our ship having received 
a leake at sea, was brought to anchor neerer the shoare, that, 
her goods being landed, she might be repaired; but for that 
we were to prevent any danger that might chance against our 

' Possibly tobacco. That Drake and his men should not have recognized 
it as somethkig known to them is not strange, as tobacco seems not to have 
been known in England until introduced by Ralph Lane and hia colonists 
on their return frpm Roanoke Island in 1586. 



160 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1579 

safety, our Generall first of all landed his men, with all neces- 
sary provision, to build tents and make a fort for the defence 
of our selves and goods : and that wee might under the shelter 
of it with more safety (what ever should befall) end our busi- 
nesse; which when the people of the countrey perceived us 
doing, as men set on fire to war in defence of their countrie, 
in great hast and companies, with such weapons as they had, 
they came downe unto us, and yet with no hostile meaning or 
intent to hurt us: standing, when they drew neere, as men 
ravished in their mindes, with the sight of such things as they 
never had seene or heard of before that time: their errand 
being rather with submission and f eare to worship us as Gods, 
then to have any warre with us as with mortall men. Which 
thing, as it did partly shew itselfe at that instant, so did it 
more and more manifest itself afterwards, during the whole 
time of oiu* abode amongst them. At this time, being willed 
by signes to lay from them their bowes and arrowes, they did as 
they were directed, and so did all the rest, as they came more 
«>/ more by companies unto them, gro^ in . BtUe while 
to a great number, both of men and women. 

To the intent, therefore, that this peace which they them- 
selves so willingly sought might, without any cause of the 
breach thereof on our part given, be continued, and that wee 
might with more safety and expedition end our businesses in 
quiet, our Generall, with all his company, used all meanes pos- 
sible gently to intreate them, bestowing upon each of them 
liberally good and necessary things to cover their nakednesse ; 
withall signifying unto them we were no Gods, but men, and 
had neede of such things to cover our owne shame; teaching 
them to use them to the same ends, for which cause also wee 
did eate and drinke in their presence, giving them to under- 
stand that without that wee could not live, and therefore were 
but men as well as they. 

Notwithstanding nothing could perswade them, nor remove 
that opinion which they had conceived of us, that wee should 
be Gods. 

In recompence of those things which they had received of 



1679] DRAKE IN CALIFORNIA 161 

US, as shirts, linnen cloth, etc., they bestowed upon our Gen- 
erall, and diverse of our company, diverse things, as feathers, 
cawles of networke, the quivers of their arrowes, made of fawne 
skins, and the very skins of beasts that their women wore upon 
their bodies. Having thus had their fill of this times visiting 
and beholding of us, they departed with joy to their houses, 
which houses are digged round within the earth, and have 
from the uppermost brimmes of the circle clefts of wood set up, 
and joined close together at the top, like our spires on the 
steeple of a Church; which being covered with earth, suffer 
no water to enter, and are very warme ; the doore in the most 
part of them performes the office also of a chimney to let out 
the smoake : its made in bignesse and fashion like to an ordi- 
nary scuttle in a ship, and standing slopewise : their beds are 
the hard ground, onely with rushes strewed upon it, and lying 
round about the house, have their fire in the middest, which by 
reason that the house is but low vaulted, round, and close, 
giveth a marvelous reflexion to their bodies to heate the same. 

Their men for the most part goe naked ; the women take a 
kinde of bulrushes, and kembing it after the manner of hemp, 
make themselves thereof a loose garment, which being knitte 
about their middles, hanges downe about their hippes, and so 
affordes to them a covering of that which nature teaches should 
be hidden ; about their shoulders they weare also the skin of 
a deere, with the haire upon it. They are very obedient to 
their husbands, and exceeding ready in all services; yet of 
themselves ofifring to do nothing, without the consents or being 
called of the men. 

As soone as they were returned to their houses, they began 
amongst themselves a kind of most lamentable weeping and 
crying out ; which they continued also a great while together, 
in such sort that in the place where they left us (being neere 
about 3 quarters of an English mile distant from them) we 
very plainely, with wonder and admiration, did heare the same, 
the women especially extending their voices in a most miser- 
able and dolefull manner of shreeking. 

Notwithstanding this humble manner of presenting them- 



162 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1679 

selves^ and awfull demeanour used towards ns, we thought it 
no wisedome too farre to trust them (our experience of former 
Infidels dealing with us before, made us carefull to provide 
against an alteration of their affections or breach of peace if it 
should happen), and therefore with all expedition we set up 
our tents, and intrenched ourselves with walls of stone ; that 
so being fortified within ourselves, we might be able to keepe 
off the enemie (if they should so prove) from comming amongst 
us without our good wills : this being quickly finished, we went 
the more cheerefully and securely afterward about our other 
businesse. 

Against the end of two daies (during which time they had 
not againe beene with us), there was gathered together a great 
assembly of men, women, and children (invited by the report 
of them which first saw us, who, as it seems, had in that time 
of purpose dispersed themselves into the country, to make 
knowne the newes), who came now the second time imto us, 
bringing with them, as before had beene done, feathers and 
bagges of Tobhh for presents, or rather indeed for sacrificeSi 
upon this perswasion that we were gods. 

When they came to the top of the hill, at the bottom whereof 
wee had built our fort, they made a stand; where one (ap- 
pointed as their chiefe speaker) wearied both us his hearers, 
and himselfe too, with a long and tedious oration; delivered 
with strange and violent gestures, his voice being extended to 
the uttermost strength of nature, and his wordes falling so 
thicke one in the necke of another, that he could hardly fetch 
his breath againe : as soone as he had concluded, all the rest, 
with a reverend bowing of their bodies (in a dreaming manner, 
and long producing of the same) cryed Oh: thereby giving 
their consents that all was very true which he had spoken, and 
that they had uttered their minde by his mouth unto us ; which 
done, the men laying downe their bowes upon the hill, and 
leaving their women and children behinde them, came downe 
with their presents ; in such sort as if they had appeared be- 
fore a God indeed, thinking themselves happy that they might 
have accesse unto our Generall, but much more happy when 



1679] DEAKE IN CALIFOENIA 163 

they sawe that he would receive at then* hands those things 
which they so willingly had presented: and no doubt they 
thought th^nselves neerest unto God when they sate or stood 
next to him. In the meane time the women, as if they had 
beene desperate, used unnatural violence against themselves, 
crying and shrieking piteously, tearing their flesh with their 
nailes from their cheekes in a monstrous manner, the blood 
streaming downe along their brests, besides despoiling the 
upper parts of their bodies of those single coverings they 
formerly had, and holding their hands above their heads that 
they might not rescue their brests from harme, they would with 
furie cast themselves upon the ground, never respecting 
whether it were cleane or soft, but dashed themselves in this 
manner on hard stones, knobby hillocks, stocks of wood, and 
pricking bushes, or whatever else lay in their way, itterating 
the same course againe and againe; yea women great with 
child, some nine or ten times each, and others holding out till 
15 or 16 times (till their strengths failed them) exercised this 
cruelty against themselves : a thing more grievous for us to see 
or sufiFer, could we have holpe it, then trouble to them (as it 
seemed) to do it. .This bloudie sacrifice (against our wils) 
beeing thus performed, our Generall, with his companie, in the 
presence of those strangers, fell to prayers ; and by signes in 
lifting up our eyes and hands to heaven, signified unto them 
that that God whom we did serve, and whom they ought to 
worship, was above : beseeching God, if it were his good pleas- 
ure, to open by some meanes their blinded eyes, that they 
might in due time be called to the knowledge of him, the true 
and everUving God, and of Jesus Christ whom he hath sent, 
the salvation of the Gentiles. In the time of which prayers, 
singing of Psalmes, and reading of certaine Chapters in the 
Bible, they sate very attentively : and observing the end at 
every pause, with one voice still cried. Oh, greatly rejoycing in 
our exercises. Yea they tooke such pleasure in our singing 
of Psalmes, that whensoever they resorted to us, their first re- 
quest was commonly this, Gnadh, by which they intreated that 
we would sing. 



164 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES \m 

Our Generall having now bestowed upon them divers things, 
at their departure they restored them all againe, none carrying 
with h\m anything of whatsoever hee had received, thinking 
themselves sufficiently enriched and happie that they had found 
so free accesse to see us. 

Against the end of three dales more (the newes having the 
while spread itselfe farther, and as it seemed a great way up 
into the countrie), were assembled the greatest number of 
people which wee could reasonably imagine to dwell within any 
convenient distance round about. Amongst the rest the king 
himselfe, a man of a goodly statiu*e and comely personage, 
attended with his guard of about 100 tall and warlike men, this 
day, viz., Jime 26, came downe to see us. 

Before his comming, were sent two embassadors or mes- 
sengers to om* Generall, to signifie that their Hidh, that is, 
their kii^, was comming and at hand. They in the delivery 
of their message, the one spake with a soft and low voice, 
prompting his fellow; the other pronounced the same, word 
by word, after him with a voice more audible, continuing their 
proclamation (for such it was) about halfe an hoiu*e. Which 
being ended, they by signes made request to our Generall, to 
send something by their hands to their Hidh or king, as a token 
that his comming might be in peace. Our Generall willingly 
satisfied their desire; and they, glad men, made speedy re- 
turne to their Hi6h. Neither was it long before their king 
(making as princely a shew as possibly he could) with all his 
traine came forward. 

In their comming forwards they cryed continually after a 
singing manner, with a lustie courage. And as they drew 
neerer and neerer towards us, so did they more and more 
strive to behave themselves with a certaine comelinesse and 
gravity in all their actions. 

In the forefront came a man of a large body and goodly 
aspect, bearing the Septer or royall mace, made of a certaine 
kind of blacke wood, and in length about a yard and a halfe, 
before the king. Whereupon hanged two crownes, a bigger 
and a lesse, with three chaines of a marvellous length, and 



1679] DEAKE IN CALIFORNIA 165 

often doubled, besides a bagge of the herbe Tah&h. The 
crownes were made of knitworke, wrought upon most curiously 
with feathers of divers colours, very artificially placed, and of 
a formall fashion. The chaines seemed of a bony substance, 
every linke or part thereof being very little, thinne, most finely 
biuTiished, with a hole pierced through the middest. The 
number of linkes going to make one chaine, is in a manner in- 
finite ; but of such estimation it is amongst them, that few be 
the persons that are admitted to weare the same; and even 
they to whom its lawf ull to use them, yet are stinted what num- 
ber they shall use, as some ten, some twelve, some twentie, and 
as they exceed in number of chaines, so thereby are they 
knowne to be the more honorable personages. 

Next unto him that bare this Scepter, was the king himself e 
with his guard about him ; his attire upon his head was a cawle 
of knitworke, wrought upon somewhat like the crownes, but 
(Mering much both in f adiion and perf ectnesse of worke ; upon 
his shoulders he had on a coate of the skins of conies, reaching 
to his wast ; his guard also had each coats of the same shape, 
but of other skins; some having cawles likewise stucke with 
feathers, or covered over with a certaine downe, which groweth 
up in the coimtrey upon an herbe much like our lectuce, which 
exceeds any other downe in the world for finenesse, and beeing 
layed upon their cawles, by no winds can be removed. Of 
such estimation is this herbe amongst them, that the downe 
thereof is not lawfull to be wome, but of such persons as are 
about the king (to whom also it is permitted to weare a plume 
of feathers on their heads, in signe of honour), and the seeds 
are not used but onely in sacrifice to their gods. After these, 
in their order, did follow the naked sort of common people, 
whose haire being long, was gathered into a bunch behind, in 
which stucke plmnes of feathers; but in the forepart onely 
single feathers Uke homes, every one pleasing himselfe in his 
owne device. 

This one thing was observed to bee generall amongst them 
all, that every one had his face painted, some with white, some 
blacke, and some with other colours, every man also bringing 



166 EABLY ENGLISH YOTAGES [1679 

in his hand one thing or other for a gift or present. Their 
traine or last part of their company consisted of women and 
children^ each woman bearing against her breast a round 
basket or twO; having within them divers things, as ba^es of 
Toh&hy a roote which they call Petdh, whereof they make a kind 
of meale, and either bake it into bread, or eate it rawe ; broyled 
fishes, Uke a pilchard ; the seede and downe aforenamed^ with 
such like. 

Their baskets were made in fashion like a deep boale, and 
though the matter were rushes, or such other kind of stu£fe, 
yet was it so cunningly handled, that the most part of them 
would hold water : about the brimmes they were hanged with 
peeces of the shels of pearles, and in some places with two or 
three linkes at a place, of the chaines forenamed: thereby 
signifying that they were vessels wholly dedicated to the onely 
use of the gods they worshipped ; and besides this, they were 
wrought upon with the matted downe of red feathers, distin- 
guished into divers workes and formes. 

In the meane time, our Generall having assembled his men 
together (as forecasting the danger and worst that might fall 
out) prepared himselfe to stand upon sure ground, that wee 
might at all times be ready in our owne defence, if any thing 
should chance otherwise than was looked for or expected. 

Wherefore every man being in a warlike readinesse, he 
marched within his fenced place, making against their approach 
a most warlike shew (as he did also at all other times of their 
resort), whereby if they had beene desperate enemies, they 
could not have chosen but have conceived terrour and fear, 
with discouragement to attempt anything against us, in be- 
holding of the same. 

When they were come somewhat neere unto us, trooping to- 
gether, they gave us a common or generall salutation, observ- 
ing in the meane time a generall silence. Whereupon, he who 
bare the Scepter before the king, being prompted by another 
whom the king assigned to that office, pronounced with an 
audible and manly voice what the other spake to him in secret, 
continuing, whether it were his oration or proclamation, at the 



1679] DBAKE IN CALIFORNIA 167 

least halfe an honre. At the close whereof there was a com- 
mon Amen, in signe of approbation, given by every person : 
and the king himselfe, with the whole number of men and 
women (the little children onely remaining behind) came fur- 
ther downe the hill, and as they came set themselves againe in 
their former order. 

And beeing now come to the foot of the hill and neere oiu* 
fort, the Scepter bearer, with a composed countenance and 
stately carriage b^an a song, and answerable thereunto ob- 
served a kind of measures in a dance : whom the king with his 
guard and every other sort of person following, did in like 
manner sing and daunce, saving onely the women, who danced 
but kept silence. As they danced they still came on : and our 
Generall perceiving their plaine and simple meaning, gave 
order that they might freely enter without interruption within 
our bulwarke. Where, after they had entred, they yet con- 
tinued their song and dance a reasonable time, their women 
also following them with their wassaile boales in their hands, 
their bodies bruised, their faces tome, their dugges, breasts, 
and other parts bespotted with bloud, trickling downe from the 
wounds, which with their nailes they had made before their 
comming. 

After that they had satisfied, or rather tired themselves in 
this manner, they made signes to our Grenerall to have him sit 
down ; unto whom both the king and divers others made sev- 
erall orations, or rather, indeed, if wee had understood them, 
supplications, that hee would take the Province and kingdome 
into his hand, and become their king and patron: making 
signes that they would resigne unto him their right and title in 
the whole land, and become his vassals in themselves and their 
posterities : which that they might make us indeed beleeve that 
it was their true meaning and intent, the king himselfe, with 
all the rest, with one consent and with great reverence, joyfully 
Fnnging a song, set the crowne upon his head, inriched his 
necke with all their chaines, and offering unto him many other 
things, honoured him by the name of Hydh. Adding there- 
unto (as it might seeme) a song and dance of trimnph; be- 



168 EABLT ENGLISH VOYAGES [1679 

cause they were not onely visited of the gods (for so they still 
judged us to be), but the great and chiefe God was now be- 
come their God, their king and patron, and themselves were 
become the onely happie and blessed people in the world. 

These things being so freely offered, our Generall thought 
not meet to reject or refuse the same, both for that he would 
not give them any cause of mistrust or disliking of him (that 
being the onely place, wherein at this present, we were of 
necessitie inforced to seeke reliefe of many things), and chiefely 
for that he knew not to what good end God had brought this 
to passe, or what honour and profit it might bring to our coun- 
trie in time to come. 

Wherefore, in the name and to the use of her most excellent 
majesty, he tooke the scepter, crowne, and dignity of the sayd 
countrie into his hand ; wishing nothing more than that it had 
layen so fitly for her majesty to enjoy, as it was now her proper 
owne, and that the riches and treasures thereof * (wherewith in 
the upland countries it abounds) might with as great conven- 
iency be transported, to the enriching of her kingdome here at 
home, as it is in plenty to be attained there; and especially 
that so tractable and loving a people as they shewed them- 
selves to be, might have meanes to have manifested their most 
willing obedience the more unto her, and by her meanes, as 
a mother and nurse of the Church of Christ, might by the 
preaching of the Gospell, be brought to the right knowledge 
and obedience of the true and everliving God. 

The ceremonies of this resigning and receivmg of the kmg- 
dome being thus performed, the common sort, both of men and 
women, leaving the king and his guard about him, with our 
Grenerall, dispersed themselves among our people, taking a dili- 
gent view or survey of every man ; and finding such as pleased 
their fancies (which commonly were the youngest of us), they 
presently enclosing them about oflfred their sacrifices unto 
them, crying out with lamentable shreekes and moanes, weep- 

^ Drake little even dreamed of the treasures of gold and silver in those up- 
land countries, as well as in the beds of the streams flowing from the hi^- 
lands. 



1679] DRAKE IN CALIFORNIA 169 

ing and scratching and tearing their very flesh off their faces 
with thdr nailes ; neither were it the women alone which did 
this, but even old men, roaring and crying out, were as violent 
as the women were. 

We groaned in spirit to see the power of Sathan so farre 
prevaile in seducing these so harmlesse soules, And laboured 
by all meanes, both by shewing our great dislike, and when 
that served not, by violent withholding of their hands from 
that madnesse, directing them (by our eyes and hands lift up 
towards heaven) to the living God whom they ought to serve ; 
but so mad were they upon their Idolatry, that forcible with- 
holding them would not prevaile (for as soone as they could 
get liberty to their hands againe, they would be as violent as 
they were before) till such time, as they whom they worshipped 
were conveyed from them into the tents, whom yet as men be- 
sides themselves, they would with fury and outrage seeke to 
have againe. 

After that time had a little qualified their madnes, they then 
b^an to shew and make knowne unto us their griefes and 
diseases which they carried about them ; some of them having 
old aches, some shruncke sinewes, some old soares and can- 
chred ulcers, some wounds more lately received, and the like ; 
in most lamentable manner craving helpe and cure thereof 
from us; making signes, that if we did but bio we upon their 
griefes, or but touched the diseased places, they would be 
whole. 

Their griefes we could not but take pitty on them, and to 
our power desire to helpe them : but that (if it pleased Grod to 
open their eyes) they might understand we were but men and 
no gods, we used ordinary meanes, as lotions, emplaisters, 
and unguents, most fitly (as farre as our skills could guesse) 
agreeing to the natures of their griefes, beseeching God, if it 
made for his glory, to give cure to their diseases by these 
meanes. The like we did from time to time as they resorted 
to us. 

Few were the dayes, wherein they were absent from us, dur- 
ing the whole time of our abode in that place ; and ordinarily 



170 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [U79 

every third day they brought their sacrifices, till such time as 
they certainely understood our meaning, that we tooke no 
pleasure, but were displeased with them; whereupon their 
zeale abated, and their sacrificing, for a season, to our good 
liking ceased; notwithstanding they continued still to make 
their resort unto us in great abundance, and in such sort, that 
they oft-time forgate to provide meate for their owne suste- 
nance ; so that our Generall (of whom they made account as 
of a father) was f aine to performe the office of a father to them, 
relieving them with such victualls as we had provided for our 
selves, as Muscles, Scales, and such like, wherein they tooke 
exceeding much content ; and seeing that their sacrifices were 
displeasing to us, yet (hating ingratitude) they sought to rec- 
ompence us with such things as they had, which they willingly 
inforced upon us, though it were never so necessarie or need- 
full for themselves to keepe. 

They are a people of a tractable, free, and loving nature, 
without guile or treachery; theu- bowes and arrowes (their 
only weapons, and almost all their wealth) they use very skill- 
fully, but yet not to do any great harme with them, being by 
reason of their weaknesse more fit for children then for men, 
sending the arrowes neither farre off nor with any great force: 
and yet are the men commonly so strong of body, that that 
which 2 or 3 of our men could hardly beare, one of them would 
take upon his backe, and without grudging carrie it easily 
away, up hill and downe hill an English mile together : they 
are also exceeding swift in running, and of long continuance, 
the use whereof is so familiar with them, that they seldome 
goe, but for the most part runne. One thing we observed in 
them with admiration, that if at any time they chanced to see 
a fish so neere the shoare that they might reach the place 
without swimming, they would never, or very seldome, misse 
to take it. 

After that our necessary businesses were well dispatched, 
our Generall, with his gentlemen and many of his company, 
made a journy up into the land, to see the manner of their 
dwelling, and to be the better acquainted with the nature and 



1679] DEAKB IN CALIPOiaTIA 171 

commodities of the country. There houses were all such as 
we have formerly described, and being many of them in one 
place, made severall villages here and there. The inland we 
found to be farre different from the shoare, a goodly country, 
and fruitfull soyle, stored with many blessings fit for the use 
of man : infinite was the company of very large and fat Deere 
which there we sawe by thousands, as we supposed, in a heard ; 
besides a multitude of a strange kinde of Conies, by farre ex- 
ceeding them in niunber: their heads and bodies, in which 
they resemble other Conies, are but small ; his tayle, like the 
tayle of a Rat, exceeding long ; and his feet like the pawes of a 
Want or moale; imder his chinne, on either side, he hath a 
bagge, into which he gathereth his meate, when he hath filled 
his belly abroade, that he may with it, either feed his young, 
or feed himselfe when he lists not to travaile from his bur- 
rough; the people eate their bodies, and make great accoimt 
of their skirmes, for their kings holidaies coate was made of 
them. 

This country our Generall named Albion, and that for two 
causes; the one in respect of the white bancks and cliff es, 
which lie toward the sea ; the other, that it might have some 
aflSnity, even in name also, with our own country, which was 
sometimes so called. 

Before we went from thence, our Generall caused to be set 
up a monument ^ of our being there, as also of her majesties and 
successors right and title to that kingdome ; namely, a plate of 
brasse, fast nailed to a great and firme poste ; whereon is en- 
graven her graces name, and the day and yeare of our arrivall 
there, and of the free giving up of the province and kingdome, 
both by the king and people, into her majesties hands: to- 
gether with her highnesse picture and armes, in a piece of six- 
pence currant English monie, shewing itselfe by a hole made 
of purpose through the plate; underneath was likewise en- 
graven the name of our Generall, etc. 

* In giving a name to the country, and in setting up a monument in 
token of discovery, Drake laid the foundation of a claim to English sov- 
ereignty. 



172 EASLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [U79 

The Spaniards never had any dealing, or so much as set a 
foote in this country, the utmost of their discoveries reachiog 
onely to many degrees Southward of this place. 

And now, as the time of our departure was perceived by 
them to draw nigh, so did the sorrowes and miseries of thk 
people seeme to themselves to increase upon them, and the 
more certaine they were of our going away, the more doubtful 
they shewed themselves what they might doe; so that we 
might easily judge that that joy (being exceeding great) where- 
with they received us at our first arrivall, was cleane drowned 
in their excessive sorrow for our departing. For they did not 
onely loose on a sudden all mirth, joy, glad coimtenance, pleas- 
ant speeches, agility of body, familiar rejoycing one with 
another, and all pleasure what ever flesh and blood might bee 
delighted in, but with sighes and sorrowings, with heavy hearts 
and grieved minds, they powred out wofuU complaints and 
moanes, with bitter teares and wringing of their hands, tor- 
menting themselves. And as men refusing all comfort, they 
onely accoimted themselves as cast-awayes, and those whom 
the gods were about to forsake: so that nothing we could 
say or do, was able to ease them of their so heavy a bur- 
then, or to deliver them from so desperate a straite, as our 
leaving of them did seeme to them that it would cast them 
into. 

Howbeit, seeing they could not still enjoy our presence, they 
(supposing us to be gods indeed) thought it their duties to in- 
treate us that, being absent, we would yet be mindfull of them, 
and making signes of their desires that in time to come wee 
would see them againe, they stole upon us a sacrifice, and set 
it on fire erre we were aware, burning therein a chaine and a 
bunch of feathers. We laboured by all meanes possible to 
withhold or withdraw them, but could not prevaile, till at last 
we fell to prayers and singing of Psalmes, whereby they were 
allured immediatly to forget their folly, and leave their sacrifice 
unconsumed, suffering the fire to go out ; and imitating us in 
all our actions, they fell a lifting of their eyes and hands to 
heaven, as they saw us do. 



1679] DRAKE IN CALIFORKIA 173 

The 23 of July they tooke a sorrowful! farewell of us, but 
being loath to leave us, they presently ranne to the top of the 
hils to keepe us in their sight as long as they could, making 
fires before and behind, and on each side of them, burning 
therein (as is to be supposed) sacrifices at our departure. 



A REPORT OF THE VOYAGE OF SIR 
HUMFREY GILBERT, KNIGHT, 1583, 
BY MASTER EDWARD HAIES 



INTRODUCTION 

Humphrey Gilbbbt, a son of Sir Otho Gilbert, and a half- 
brother of Sir Walter Ral^h, studied at Eton and Oxford, and 
in his youth was a servitor of Queen Elizabeth, whose favor 
he won, and retained throughout his career. Entering the 
mihtary service at an early age, he served as a captain in Ire- 
land under Sir Henry Sidney in 1566, and in 1569 he was made 
governor of Munster. For his services in Ireland he was 
knighted in 1570. In 1571 he entered Parliament, and in the 
following year he was in the Netherlands fighting against 
Spain. For a long time he had been interested in western dis- 
covery. As early as 1566 he petitioned Queen Elizabeth for 
permission to seek a northwest passage to the Indies, and wrote 
a tract, A Discourse of Discovery for a new Passage to Caiaia, 
which was published ten years afterward. From time to time 
he appealed to the queen for service in exploration, and on 
June 11, 1578, she responded by bestowing upon him a royal 
patent which gave him authority to discover and possess lands 
in America, with the proviso, however, that there should be 
no robbery "by sea or by land." Preparation for an expe- 
dition, in which Ral^h was associated with him, was at once 
made. With a fleet of seven ships, Gilbert left England in 
November; but he soon met with disaster, and returned, 
Ralph's vessel being the last to reach England. 

Gilbert's ardor for discovery, however, was not lessened by 
ill success. He at once b^an to make preparations for an- 
other vojrage, and on Jime 11, 1583, with only one year re- 
maining before his patent would expire, he left England with 
five veasels and two hxmdred and sixty men. The expedition 

m 177 



178 EAELY ENGLISH VOYAGES 

proved a failure, and Gilbert, on the return vojrage, perished 
in the foundering of his vessel in a storm. This was anothei 
sad blow to a great undertaking. Gilbert has the honor 
however, of having been the first leader of an English expedi 
tion "that caried people to erect an habitation and govern 
ment in these Northerly countreys of America.'* The write] 
of the story of the expedition, Mr. Edward Hayes, was th< 
author of A Treatise . . . conteining important inducemenL 
for the planting of these parts and finding a passage that vxi] 
to the Sovih sea and China, which was annexed to the seconc 
edition of Brereton's Briefe and true Rekition, published ii 
1602. Hayes's narrative has been reprinted in the Prince 
Society's volume entitled Sir Humphrey Gylberte. The vol 
ume also contains a memoir of Gilbert by Rev. Carlos Slafter 

H. S. B. 



VOYAGE OF SIR HUMFREY GILBERT 

KNIGHT, 1583 

i report of the voyage and successe thereof y attempted in the 
yeere of our Lord 1583 by sir Humfrey Gilbert knight, 
with other gentlemen assisting him in thai actum, in- 
tended to discover and to plant Christian inhabitarUs in 
place convenient, upon those large and ample countreys 
extended Northward from the cape of Florida, lying under 
very temperate Climes, esteemed fertile and rich in 
Minerals, yet not in the achwJl possession of any Chris- 
tian prince, written by M. Edward Haies gentleman, and 
principall actour in the same voyage, who alone con- 
tinved unto the end, and by Gods spedall assistance re- 
turned home with his retinue safe and entire. 

Many voyages have bene pretended, yet hitherto never any 
thorowly accomplished by our nation of exact discovery into the 
bowels of those maine, ample and vast countreys, extended 
infinitely into the North from 30 degrees, or rather from 25 
d^ees of Septentrionall latitude, neither hath a right way bene 
taken of planting a Christian habitation and regiment upon the 
same, as well may appeare both by the little we yet do actually 
possesse therein, and by our ignorance of the riches and secrets 
within those lands, which unto this day we know chiefly by the 
travell and report of other nations, and most of the French, who 
albeit they can not challenge such right and interest unto the 
sayd countreys as we, neither these many yeeres have had op- 
portunity nor meanes so great to discover and to plant (being 
vexed with the calamnities of intestine warres) as we have had 
by the inestimable benefit of our long and happy peace : yet 
have they both waies performed more, and had long since at- 
tained a sure possession and setled government of many 

179 




180 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1688 

provinces in those Northerly parts of America, if their many 
attempts into those forren and remote lands had not bene 
impeached by their garboils at home. 

The first discovery of these coasts (never heard of before) 
was well begun by John Cabot the father, and Sebastian his 
Sonne, an Englishman borne, who were the first finders out 
of all that great tract of land stretching from the cape of 
Florida unto those Islands which we now call the Newfound- 
land : all which they brought and annexed unto the crowne of 
England/ Since when, if with like diligence the search of in- 
land countreys had bene followed, as the discovery upon the 
coast, and out-parts therof was performed by those two men : 
no doubt her Majesties territories and revenue had bene mightily 
inlarged and advanced by this day. And which is more: 
the seed of Christian religion had bene sowed amongst those 
pagans, which by this time might have brought foorth a most 
plentif uU harvest and copious congr^ation of Christians ; which 
must be the chiefe intent of such as shall make any attempt 
that way : or els whatsoever is builded upon other foundation 
shall never obtaine happy successe nor continuance. 

And although we can not precisely judge (which onely 
belongeth to God) what have bene the humours of men stirred 
up to great attempts of discovering and planting in those 
remote countreys, yet the events do shew that either Gods 
cause hath not bene chiefly preferred by them, or els God hath 
not permitted so abundant grace as the light of his word and 

* It is thought that John Cabot, in the interest of Bristol merchants, 
may have been engaged in voyages to the American coast as early as 1491. 
In 1495 he presented a petition to Henry VII., requesting permission for 
himself and his three sons to discover and possess new lands m the New 
World. The patent was granted on March 5, 1496, and on May 2, 1497, 
Cabot, accompanied by his son Sebastian, sailed from Bristol. In this 
voyage, Cabot discovered land on the coast of Labrador, and after some 
exploration of the coast he returned to England with the news of his dis- 
covery. Sebastian Cabot accompanied his father to the American coast 
in the voyage of 1498. After a period of service under the English crown 
he entered the service of Spain. Subsequent to the death of Henry VIII. 
(January 25, 1547), he returned to England, where he remained imtil his 
death. 



1683] THE VOYAGE OF SIR HUMPHREY GILBERT 181 

knowledge of him to be yet revealed unto those infidels before 
the appointed time. 

But most assuredly, the only cause of religion hitherto hath 
kept backe, and will also bring forward at the time assigned by 
God, an eflfectuall and compleat discovery and possession by 
Christians both of those ample countreys and the riches within 
them hitherto concealed : whereof notwithstanding God in his 
wisdome hath pennitted to be revealed from time to time a 
certaine obscure and misty knowledge, by little and little to 
allure the mindes of men that way (which els will be dull enough 
in the zeale of his cause) and thereby to prepare us unto a readi- 
nesse for the execution of his will against the due time ordeined, 
of calling those pagans unto Christianity. 

In the meane while, it behooveth every man of great calling, 
m whom is any instinct of inclination unto this attempt, to 
examine his owne motions : which if the same proceed of am- 
bition or avarice, he may assure himselfe it commeth not of 
God, and therefore can not have confidence of Gods protection 
and assistance against the violence (els irresistable) both of sea, 
and infinite perils upon the land ; whom God yet may use an 
instnmient to further his cause and glory some way, but not 
to build upon so bad a foundation. 

Otherwise, if his motives be derived from a vertuous and 
heroycall minde, preferring chiefly the honour of God, com- 
passion of poore infidels captived by the devill, tyrannizing in 
most woonderfuU and dreadfuU manor over their bodies and 
soules ; advancement of his honest and well disposed countrey- 
men, willing to accompany him in such honourable actions: 
relief e of sundry people within this realme distressed : all these 
be honourable purposes, imitating the nature of the munificent 
God, wherwith he is well pleased, who will assist such an actour 
beyond expectation of man. And the same, who feeleth this 
inclination in himselfe, by all likeUhood may hope, or rather 
confidently repose in the preordinance of God, that in this 
last age of the world (or likely never) the time is compleat of 
receiving also these Gentiles into his mercy, and that God will 
Ruse him an instrument to effect the same : it seeming prob- 



182 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [isn 

able by event of precedent attempts made by the Spanyards 
and French sundry times, that the coimtreys l3dng North of 
Florida, God hath reserved the same to be reduced imto Chris- 
tian civility by the English nation. For not long after that 
Christopher Columbus had discovered the Islands and continent 
of the West Indies for Spaine, John and Sebastian Cabot made 
discovery also of the rest from Florida Northwards* to the 
behoofe of England. 

And whensoever afterwards the Spanyards (very prosperous 
in all their Southeme discoveries) did attempt any thing into 
Florida and those regions inclining towards the North they 
proved most unhappy, and were at length discouraged utterly 
by the hard and lainentable successe of many both religious 
and valiant in armes, endevouring to bring those Northerly 
regions also under the Spanish jiuisdiction ; as if God had pre- 
scribed limits unto the Spanish nation which they might not 
exceed ; as by their o wne gests recorded may be aptly gathered. 

The French, as they can pretend lesse title unto these 
Northeme parts then the Spanyard, by how much the Span- 
yard made the first discovery of the same continent so far 
Northward as unto Florida, and the French did but review 
that before discovered by the English nation, usurping upon 
our right, and imposing names upon countreys, rivers, bayes, 
capes, or head lands, as if they had bene the first finders of those 
coasts : which injury we offered not unto the Spanyards, but 
left off to discover when we approached the Spanish limits: 
even so God hath not hitherto permitted them to establish a 
possession permanent upon anothers right, notwithstanding 
their manifolde attempts, in which the issue hath bene no lesse 
tragicall then that of the Spanyards, as by their owne reports 
is extant. 

Then seeing the English nation onely hath right unto these 
countreys of America from the cape of Florida Northward by 

* The extent of the (discoveries of the Cabots is a matter of controversy. 
John Cabot certainly did not reach the coast of the United States. Sebas- 
tian Cabot proceeded south as far as the latitude of the Strait of Gibraltar, 
according to a statement made by him to Peter Martyr — that is, as far as 
Cape Hatteras. 



1683] THE VOYAGE OP SIB HUMPHREY GILBEET 183 

the privil^e of first discovery, unto which Cabot was authorised 
by r^all authority, and set forth by the expense of our late 
famous king Henry the seventh: which right also seemeth 
strongly defended on our behalfe by the powerfull hand of 
almighty God, withstanding the enterprises of other nations: 
it may greatly incourage us upon so just ground, as is our 
right, and upon so sacred an intent, as to plant religion (our 
right and intent being meet foundations for the same) to 
prosecute efifectually the full possession of those so ample 
and pleasant countreys apperteining unto the crowne of Eng- 
land : the same (as is to be conjectured by infallible arguments 
of the worids end approching) being now arrived unto the 
time by God prescribed of their vocation, if ever their calling 
unto the knowledge of God may be expected. Which also is 
very probable by the revolution and course of Gods word and 
religion, which from the beginning hath moved from the East, 
towards, and at last unto the West, where it is like to end, 
unlesse the same begin againe where it did in the East, which 
were to expect a like world againe. But we are assured of the 
contrary by the prophesie of Christ, whereby we gather, that 
after his word preached thorowout the world shalbe the end. 
And as the Gospel when it descended Westward b^an in the 
South, and afterward spread into the North of Europe : even 
80, as the same hath begunne in the South countre3rs of 
America, no lesse hope may be gathered that it will also spread 
into the North. 

These considerations may helpe to suppresse all dreads rising 
of hard events in attempts made this way by other nations, as 
also of the heavy successe and issue in the late enterprise made 
by a worthy gentleman our countryman sir Hiunfrey Gilbert 
knight, who was the first of our nation that caried people to 
erect an habitation and government in those Northerly coun- 
treys of America. About which, albeit he had consumed 
much substance, and lost his life at last, his people also perish- 
ing for the most part : yet the mystery thereof we must leave 
unto God, and judge charitably both of the cause (which was 
just in all pretence) and of the person, who was very zealous 



184 EABLT ENGLISH VOYAGES [1688 

in prosecuting the same, deserving honourable remembrance 
for his good minde, and expense of Uf e in so vertuous an enter- 
prise. Whereby neverthelesse, least any man should be dis- 
mayd by example of other folks calamity, and misdeeme that 
God doth resist all attempts intended that way: I thought 
good, so farre as my selfe was an eye witnesse, to deliver the 
circumstance and maner of our proceedings in that action : in 
which the gentleman was so incumbred with wants, and woorse 
matched with many ill disposed people, that his rare judgement 
and raiment premeditated for those affaires, was subjected to 
tolerate abuses, and in sundry extremities to holde on a course, 
more to upholde credite, then likely in his owne conceit happily 
to succeed. 

The issue of such actions, being alwayes miserable, not 
guided by God, who abhorreth confusion and disorder, hath 
left this for admonition (being the first attempt by our nation 
to plant) unto such as shall take the same cause in hand here- 
after not to be discouraged from it: but to make men well 
advised how they handle his so high and excellent matters, 
as the cariage of his word into those very mighty and vast 
countreys. An action doubtlesse not to be intermedled with 
base purposes; as many have made the same but a coloiu* to 
shadow actions otherwise scarse justifiable : which doth excite 
Gods heavy judgements in the end, to the terrifying of weake 
mindes from the cause, without pondering his just proceedings : 
and doth also incense forren princes against our attempts how 
just soever, who can not but deeme the sequele very dangerous 
unto their state (if in those parts we should grow to strength) 
seeing the very b^innings are entred with spoile. 

And with this admonition denounced upon zeale towards 
Gods cause, also towards those in whom appeareth disposition 
honourable unto this action of planting Christian people and 
religion in those remote and barbarous nations of America 
(unto whom I wish all happinesse) I will now proceed to make 
relation briefly, yet particularly, of our voyage undertaken 
with sir Humfrey Gilbert, begun, continued, and ended ad- 
versly. 



1688] THE VOYAGE OP SIE HUMPHREY GILBERT 186 

When first sir Humfrey Gilbert undertooke the Westeme 
discovery of America, and had procured from her Majesty a 
very large commission to inhabit and possesse at his choice 
all remote and heathen lands not in the actuall possession of any 
Christian prince, the same commission exempUfied with many 
privil^es, such as in his discretion he might demand, very 
many gentlemen of good estimation drew unto him, to associate 
him in so commendable an enterprise, so that the preparation 
was expected to grow unto a puissant fleet, able to encounter 
a kings power by sea : neverthelesse, amongst a multitude of 
voluntary men, their dispositions were divers, which bred a 
Jarre, and made a division in the end, to the confusion of that 
attempt even before the same was begun. And when the ship- 
ping was in a maner prepared, and men ready upon the coast 
to go aboord : at that time some brake consort, and followed 
courses d^enerating from the voyage before pretended: 
Others failed of their promises contracted, and the greater 
number were dispersed, leaving the GeneraU ' with few of his 
assured friends, with whom he adventured to sea: where 
having tasted of no lesse misfortune, he was shortly driven to 
retire home with the losse of a tall ship, and (more to his griefe) 
of a valiant gentleman Miles Morgan.^ 

Having buried onely in a preparation a great masse of sub- 
stance, wherby his estate was impaired, his minde yet not 
dismaid he contmued his former designment and purpose to 
revive this enterprise, good occasion serving. Upon which 
determination standing long, without meanes to satisfy his 
desire; at last he granted certaine assignments out of his 
conunission to sundry persons of meane abihty, desiring the 
privilege of his grant, to plant and fortifie in the North parts 
of America about the river of Canada,* to whom if God gave 
good successe in the North parts (where then no matter of 
moment was expected) the same (he thought) would greatly 

' At that time the designation of the head of an expedition. 

' The reference is to Gilbert's first voyage in 1578. Queen Elizabeth's 
patent of that year to Gilbert is printed in Hakluyt, edition of 1903, VIII. 
17-23. * The St. Lawrence. 



186 EABLY ENGLISH YOYAOES [1688 

advance the hope of the South, and be a furtherance unto his 
determination that way. And the worst that might happen 
in that course might be excused without prejudice unto him 
by the former supposition, that those North r^ions were of 
no r^ard: but chiefly a possession taken in any parcell of 
those heathen countreys, by vertue of his grant, did invest 
him of territories extending every way two hundred leagues: 
which induced sir Humfry Gilbert to make those assignments, 
desiring greatly their expedition, because his commission did 
expire after six yeres, if in that space he had not gotten actuall 
possession. 

Time went away without any thing done by his assignes: 
insomuch that at last he must resolve himselfe to take a voyage 
in person, for more assurance to keepe his patent in force, 
which then almost was expired, or within two yeres. 

In furtherance of his determination, amongst others, sir 
George Peckam ^ knight shewed himselfe very zealous to the 
action, greatly aiding him both by his advice and in the charge. 
Other gentlemen to their ability joyned unto him, resolving to 
adventure their substance and lives in the same cause. Who 
b^inning their preparation from that time, both of shipping, 
munition, victual, men, and things requisit, some of them con- 
tinued the charge two yeres compleat without intermission. 
Such were the difficulties and crosse accidents opposing these 
proceedings, which tooke not end in lesse then two yeres: 
many of which circumstances I will omit. 

The last place of our assembly, before we left the coast of 
England, was in Causet ^ bay neere unto Plimmouth : then re- 
solved to put unto the sea with shipping and provision, such 
as we had, before our store yet remaining, but chiefly the time 
and season of the yeere, were too farre spent. Neverthelesse it 
seemed first very doubtfull by what way to shape our course, 
and to begin our intended discovery, either from the South 
Northward, or from the North Southward. 

* Author of True Report of the Late Discoveries, etc., published in 1583. 
He was Gilbert's '^chiefe adventurer and furtherer." See Hakluyt, Hak- 
lujrt Society edition, IX. 88. * Causand. 



688] THE VOYAGE OF SEB HUMPHREY GILBERT 187 

The first, that is, beginning South, without all controversie 
i^as the likeUest, wherein we were assured to have commodity 
I the current, which from the cape of Florida setteth North- 
TBTd, and would have fiulhered greatly our navigation, dis- 
overing from the foresayd cape along towards cape Briton, 
nd all those lands lying to the North. 

Also the yere being f aire spent, and arrived to the moneth of 
une, we were not to spend time in Northeriy courses, where 
le should be surprised with timely Winter, but to covet the 
louth, which we had space enough then to have attained: 
nd there might with lesse detriment have wintred that season, 
eing more milde and short in the South then in the North 
rhere winter is both long and rigorous. 

These and other like reasons alleged in favour of the South- 
me course first to be taken, to the contrary was inferred: 
bat forasmuch as both oiu* victuals, and many other needfuU 
•revisions were diminished and left insufficient for so long a 
ojrage, and for the wintering of so many men, we ought to 
hape a course most likely to minister supply; and that was 
D take the Newfoundland in oiu' way, which was but seven 
undred leagues from our English coast. Where being usually 
t that time of the yere, and untill the fine ^ of August, a multi- 
ude of ships repairing thither for fiish,^ we should be relieved 
bundantly with many necessaries, which after the fishing 
nded, they might well spare, and freely impart unto us. 

Not staying long upon that Newland coast, we might pro- 
eed Southward, and follow still the Simne, untill we arrived 
,t places more temperate to oiu* content. 

By which reasons we were the rather induced to follow this 
Northerly course, obeying unto necessity, which must be sup- 
plied. Otherwise, we doubted that sudden approch of Win- 
er, bringing with it continuall f ogge, and thicke mists, tempest 
tnd rage of weather ; also contrariety of currents descending 

* End. 

' European fishing vessels were on the American coast m the neighbor- 
KKxl of Newfoundland at an early period. Their number rapidly increased 
Q the sixteenth century 



188 EABLT ENGLISH VOYAGES [IM 

from the cape of Florida unto cape Briton and cape Rase, 
would fall out to be great and irresistable impediments unto 
our further proceeding for that yeere, and compell us to Win- 
ter in those North and colde r^ons. 

Wherefore suppressing all objections to the contrary, we 
resolved to begin our course Northward, and to follow directly 
as we might, the trade way unto Newfoundland : from whence 
after our refreshing and reparation of wants, we intended with- 
out delay (by Gods permission) to proceed into the South, not 
omitting any river or bay which in all that large tract of land 
appeared to our view worthy of search. Immediatly we 
agreed upon the maner of our course and orders to be observed 
in our voyage ; which were delivered in writing unto the cap- 
taines and masters of every ship a copy in maner following. 

Every shippe had delivered two bullets or scrowles, the one 
sealed up in waxe, the other left open: in both which were 
included severall watch-words. That open, serving upon our 
owne coast or the coast of Ireland : the other sealed was prom- 
ised on all hands not to be broken up imtill we should be 
cleere of the Irish coast; which from thencefoorth did serve 
untill we arrived and met altogether in such harbors of the 
Newfoundland as were agreed for our Rendez vouz. The 
sayd watch-words being requisite to know our consorts whenso- 
ever by night, either by fortune of weather, our fleet dispersed 
should come together againe: or one should hale another; 
or if by ill watch and steerage one ship should chance to fall 
aboord of another in the darke. 

The reason of the bullet sealed was to keepe secret that 
watch-word while we were upon our owne coast, lest any of 
the company stealing from the fleet might bewray the same: 
which knowen to an enemy, he might boord us by night with- 
out mistrust, having our owne watch-word. 



168S] THE VOYAGE OP SIB HUMPHREY GILBERT 189 



Orders agreed upon by the Captaines and Masters to be ob- 
served by the fleet of Sir Humfrey Gilbert. 

First the Admirall to cary his flag by day, and his light by 
night. 

2 Item, if the Admirall shall shorten his saile by night, then 
to shew two lights untill he be answered againe by every ship 
shewing one light for a short time. 

3 Item, if the Admirall after his shortening of saile, as 
af oresayd, shall make more saile againe : then he to shew three 
lights one above another. 

4 Item, if the Admirall shall happen to hull in the night, 
then to make a wavering Ught over his other hght, wavering 
the light upon a pole. 

5 Item, if the fleet should happen to be scattered by 
weather, or other mishap, then so soone as one shall descry 
another to hoise both toppe saileS' twise, if the weather will 
serve, and to strike them twise againe ; but if the weather serve 
not, then to hoise the maine top saile twise, and forthwith to 
strike it twise againe. 

6 Item, if it shall happen a great fogge to fall, then pres- 
ently every shippe to beare up with the admirall, if there be 
winde : but if it be a calme, then every ship to hull, and so to Ue 
at hull till it be cleere. And if the fogge do continue long, then 
the Admirall to shoot off two pieces every evening, and every 
ship to answere it with one shot: and every man bearing to 
the ship, that is to leeward so neere as he may. 

7 Item, every master to give charge unto the watch to 
looke out well, for laying aboord one of another in the night, 
and in fogges. 

8 Item, every evening every ship to haile the admirall, 
and so to fall asteme him, saihng thorow the Ocean : and being 
on the coast, every ship to haile him both morning and evening. 

9 Item, if any ship be in danger any way, by leake or other- 
wise, then she to shoot off a piece, and presently to hang out 
one light, whereupon every man to beare towards her, answer- 



( 



190 EABLY ENGLISH YOYAOES [1683 

ing her with one light for a short timei and so to put it out 
againe; thereby to give knowledge that they have seene her 
token. 

10 Item, whensoever the Admirall shall hang out her ensigne 
in the maine shrowds, then every man to come aboord her, 
as a token of counsell. 

11 Item, if there happen any storme or contrary winde to 
the fleet after the discovery, whereby they are separated: 
then every ship to repaire unto their last good port, there to 
meete againe. 

Our course agreed upon. 

The course first to be taken for the discovery is to beare 
directly to Cape Rase, the most Southerly cape of Newfound 
land ; and there to harbour ourselves either in Rogneux * or 
Fermous,' being the first places appointed for our Rendez 
vous, and the next harbours unto the Northward of cape Rase : 
and therefore every ship separated from the fleete to repaire 
to that place so fast as God shall permit, whether you shall 
fall to the Southward or to the Northward of it, and there to 
stay for the meeting of the whole fieet the space of ten dayes : 
and when you shall depart, to leave marks. 



A direction of our course unto the Newfound land. 

Beginning our course from Silley,' the nearest is by West- 
southwest (if the winde serve) untill such time as we have 
brought our selves in the latitude of 43 or 44 degrees, because 
the Ocean is subject much to Southerly windes in June and July. 
Then to take traverse from 45 to 47 degrees of latitude, if we 
be inf orced by contrary windes : and not to go to the North- 
ward of the height of 47 degrees of Septentrionall latitude by 
no meanes ; if Grod shall not inf orce the contrary ; but to do 

* Renewse. * Fermeuse. 

' The Scilly Islands, at the entrance of the English Channel. 



1688] THE VOYAGE OP SIR HUMPHEEY GILBERT 191 

your indevour to keepe in the height of 46 d^ees, bo nere as 
you can possibly, because cape Rase lieth about that height. 



Notes. 

If by contrary windes we be driven backe upon the coast of 
England, then to repaire unto Silley for a place of oiu' assembly 
or meeting. 

If we be driven backe by contrary winds that we can not 
passe the coast of Ireland, then the place of our assembly to be 
at Beare haven or Baltimore haven. ^ 

If we shall not happen to meiete at cape Rase, then the place 
of Rendez vous to be at cape Briton, or the neerest harbour 
imto the Westward of cape Briton. 

If by meanes of other shipping we may not safely stay there, 
then to rest at the very next safe port to the Westward ; every 
ship leaving their marks behinde them for the more certainty of 
the after commers to know where to finde them. 

The marks that every man ought to leave in such a case, 
were of the Generals private device written by himselfe, sealed 
also in close waxe, and delivered unto every shippe one scroule, 
which was not to be opened untill occasion required, whereby 
every man was certified what to leave for instruction of afta: 
commers : that every of us comming into any harbour or river 
might know who had bene there, or whether any were still 
there up higher into the river, or departed, and which way. 

Orders thus determined, and promises mutually given to be 
observed, every man withdrew himselfe unto his charge, the 
ankers being already weyed, and oiu' shippes imder saile, 
having a soft gale of winde, we began our voyage upon Tuesday 
the eleventh day of June, in the yere of our Lord 1583, having 
in oiu' fleet (at oiu- departure from Causet bay) these shippes, 
whose names and burthens, with the names of the captaines 
and masters of them, I have also inserted, as followeth : 

* Southern extremity of IrelAod. 



192 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1688 

1 The Delight aliS-s The George, of burthen 120 tonnes, was 
Admirall : m which went the Generall, and WiUiam Winter ^ 
captaine in her and part owner, and Richard Clearke * master. 

2 The Barke Raleigh set forth by M. Walter Raleigh, of the 
biulhen of 200 tunnes, was then Vice-admirall : in which went 
M. Butler captaine, and Robert Davis of Bristoll master. 

3 The Golden hinde, of burthen 40 tunnes, was then Reare- 
admirall : in which went Edward Hayes * captaine and owner, 
and WiUiam Cox * of Limehouse master. 

4 The Swallow, of burthen 40 tunnes : in her was captaine 
Maurice Browne.* 

5 The Squirrill, of biuilien 10 tunnes: in which went 
captaine William Andrewes,' and one Cade master. 

We were in number in all about 260 men : among whom we 
had of every faculty good choice, as Shipwrights, Masons, 
Carpenters, Smithes, and such like, requisite to such an action : 
also Minerall men and Refiners. Besides, for solace of oiu- 
people, and allurement of the Savages, we were provided of 
Musike in good variety : not omitting the least toyes, as Morris 
dancers, Hobby horses, and Maylike conceits to dehght the 
Savage people, whom we intended to winne by all faire 
meanes possible. And to that end we were indifferently fur- 
nished of all petty haberdasherie wares to barter with those 
people. 

In this maner we set forward, departing (as hath bene said) 
out of Causon bay the eleventh day of June being Tuesday, the 
weather and winde faire and good all day, but a great storme 
of thunder and winde fell the same night. 

Thursday following, when we hailed one another in the 

* Winter returned to England, and Browne, captain of the SwaUow, was 
made captain of the Delight. 

' Author of The Voyage for the discovery of Norembegaf 1583. He be- 
longed in Weymouth. His own account of the loss of the Delight and his 
controversy with Gilbert is in Hakluyt, VHI. 85-88. 

' Author of this narrative of the voyage. 

* Hayes, the author of the " report," elsewhere designates William Cox 
and John Paul, his mate, as " expert men." 

* Drowned when the Delight was wrecked at Cape Breton, August 29. 

* Andrewes returned to England from Newfoundland. 



1688] THE VOYAGE OF SIR HUMPHREY GILBERT 193 

evening (according to the order before specified) they signified 
unto us out of the Vizadmirall^ that both the Captaine, and 
very many of the men were fallen sicke, And about midnight 
the Vizeadmirall forsooke us, notwithstanding we had the 
winde East, faire and good. But it was after credibly reported, 
that they were infected with a contagious sicknesse, and ar- 
rived greatly distressed at Plimmoth: the reason I could 
never understand. Sure I am, no cost was spared by their 
owner Master Raleigh in setting them forth: Therefore I 
leave it unto God. 

By this time we were in 48 d^ees of latitude, not a little 
grieved with the losse of the most puissant ship in our fleete : 
after whose departiu-e, the Golden Hind succeeded in the 
place of Vizachnirall, and remooved her flagge from the 
mizon unto the foretop. 

From Satiu-day the 15 of June untill the 28, which was upon 
a Friday, we never had faire day without fogge or raine, and 
windes bad, much to the West northwest, whereby we were 
driven Southward unto 41 degrees scarse. 

About this time of the yere the winds are commonly West 
towards the Newfound land, keeping ordinarily within two 
points of West to the South or to the North, whereby the 
course thither falleth out to be long and tedious after June, 
which in March, Apriell and May, hath bene performed out of 
England in 22 dayes and lesse. We had winde alwayes so 
scant from West northwest, and from West southwest againe, 
that our traverse was great, running South unto 41 d^rees 
almost, and afterward North into 51 degrees. 

Also we were incombred with much fogge and mists in 
maner palpable, in which we could not keepe so well together, 
but were dissevered, losing the company of the Swallow and 
the Squirrill upon the 20 day of July, whom we met againe 
at severall places upon the Newfound land coast the third of 
August, as shalbe declared in place convenient. 

Saturday the 27 of July, we might descry not farre from us, 
as it were mountaines of yce driven upon the sea, being then 
in 50 d^rees, which were caried Southward to the weather of 



194 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1688 

US : whereby may be conjectured that some current doth set 
that way from the North. 

Before we come to Newfound land about 50 leagues on this 
side, we passe the banke/ which are high grounds rising 
within the sea and under water, yet deepe enough and without 
danger, being commonly not lesse then 25 and 30 f adome water 
upon them : the same (as it were some vaine of mountaines 
within the sea) doe runne along, and from the Newfound land, 
b^inning Northward about 52 or 53 degrees of latitude, and 
do extend into the South infinitly. The bredth of this banke 
is somewhere more, and somewhere lesse: but we found the 
same about 10 leagues over, having sounded both on this 
side thereof, and the other toward Newfound land, but found 
no ground with almost 200 fadome of line, both before and 
after we had passed the banke. The Portugals, and French 
chiefly, have a notable trade of fishing upon this banke, where 
are sometimes an hundred or more sailes of ships : who com- 
monly beginne the fishing in Apriell, and have ended by July. 
That fish is large, alwayes wet, having no land neere to drie, 
and is called Corre fish. 

During the time of fishing, a man shall know without sound- 
ing when he is upon the banke, by the incredible multitude of 
sea foule hovering over the same, to prey upon the oflfalles 
and garbish of fish throwen out by fishermen, and floting upon 
the sea. 

Upon Tuesday the 11 of June, we forsooke the coast of 
England. So againe Tuesday the 30 of July (seven weekes 
after) we got sight of land, being immediatly embayed in 
the Grand bay, or some other great bay : the certainty whereof 
we could not judge, so great hase and fogge did hang upon the 
coast, as neither we might discerne the land well, nor take the 
sunnes height. But by our best computation we were then in 
the 51 degrees of latitude. 

Forsaking this bay and uncomfortable coast (nothing ap- 
pearing unto us but hideous rockes and mountaines, bare of 

* The only shallow part of the Atlantic. The bottom is rocky, and is 
generally reached at from twenty-five to ninety-five fathoms. 



1688] THE VOYAGE OF SIE HUMPHREY GILBERT 196 

trees, and voide of any greene herbe) we followed the coast to 
the South, with weather fau-e and cleare. 

We had sight of an Hand named Penguin/ of a foule there 
breeding in abundance, almost incredible, which cannot flie, 
their wings not able to cany their body, being very large (not 
much lesse then a goose) and exceeding fat : which the French 
men use to take witnout difficulty upon that Hand, and to barrell 
them up with salt. But for lingering of time we had made us 
there the like provision. 

Trending this coast, we came to the Hand called Baccalaos,' 
being not past two leagues from the maine : to the South thereof 
lieth Cape S. Francis,' 5. leagues distant from Baccalaos, 
between which goeth in a great bay, by the vulgar sort called 
the bay of Conception. Here we met with the Swallow againe, 
whom we had lost in the fogge, and all her men altered into 
other apparell : wherof it seemed their store was so amended, 
that for joy and congratulation of our meeting, they spared 
aot to cast up into the aire and overboord, their caps and hats 
in good plenty. The Captaine albeit himselfe was very honest 
and religious, yet was he not appointed of men to his humor 
and desert : who for the most part were such as had bene by 
us surprised upon the narrow seas of England, being pirats 
and had taken at that instant certaine Frenchmen laden, one 
barke with wines, and another with salt. Both which we res- 
cued, and tooke the man of warre with all her men, which was 
the same ship now called the Swallow, following still their kind 
80 oft, as (being separated from the Generall) they found op- 
portunitie to robbe and spoile. And because Gods justice did 
follow the same company, even to destruction, and to the 
overthrow also of the Captaine (though not consenting to their 
misdemeanor) I will not conceale any thing that maketh to 
the manifestation and approbation of his judgements, for 
examples of others, perswaded that God more sharpely tooke 

^On the eastern coast of Newfoundland. The island is mentioned in 
Hiob's Darrative, p. 107, above. 

'The ancient Basque name for codfish, attesting the early presence of 
Basque fiahermen on the Newfoundland coast. .The island is now known as 
BacoiJieu laland. ' At the southern entrance of Conception Bay. 



196 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1688 

revenge upon them, and hath tolerated longer as great out- 
rage in others : by how much these went under protection of 
his cause and reUgion, which was then pretended. 

Therefore upon further enquiry it was knowen, how this 
company met with a barke returning home after the fishing 
with his f raight : and because the men in the Swallow were very 
neere scanted of victuall, and chiefly of apparell, doubtful 
withall where or when to find and meete with their Admiral, 
they besought the captaine they might go aboord this New- 
lander, only to borrow what might be spared, the rather because 
the same was bound homeward. Leave given, not without 
charge to deale favorably, they came aboord the fisherman, 
whom they rifled of tackle, sailes, cables, victuals, and the men 
of their apparell : not sparing by torture (winding cords about 
their heads) to draw out else what they thought good. This 
done with expedition (like men skilfull in such mischiefe) 
as they tooke their cocke boate to go aboord their own ship, it 
was overwhelmed in the sea, and certaine of these men were 
drowned: the rest were preserved even by those silly soules 
whom they had before spoyled, who saved and deUvered them 
aboord the Swallow. What became afterward of the poore 
Newlander, perhaps destitute of sayles and furniture sufficient 
to carry them home (whither they had not lesse to runne then 
700 leagues) God alone knoweth, who tooke vengeance not 
long after of the rest that escaped at this instant : to reveale 
the fact, and justifie to the world Grods judgements inflicted 
upon them, as shalbe declared in place convenient. 

Thus after we had met with the Swallow, we held on our 
course Southward, untill we came against the harbor called 
S. John, about 5 leagues from the former Cape of S. Francis: 
where before the entrance into the harbor, we found also the 
Frigate or Squirrill lying at anker. Whom the English mar- 
chants (that were and alwaies be Admirals ^ by turnes inter- 
changeably over the fleetes of fishermen within the same 

* The marginal note in Hakluyt is as follows, " English ships are the 
strongest and Admirals of other fleetes fishing upon the South parts of New- 
found land." 



1683] THE VOYAGE OF SIR HUMPHREY GILBERT 197 

harbor) would not permit to enter into the harbor. Glad of 
80 happy meeting both of the Swallow and Frigate in one day 
(being Saturday the 3. of August) we made readie our fights, 
and prepared to enter the harbor, any resistance to the con- 
trarie notwithstanding, there being within of all nations, to 
the number of 36 sailes. But first the Generall dispatched a 
boat to give them knowledge of his comming for no ill intent, 
having Commission from her Majestie for his voiage he had in 
hand. And immediatly we followed with a slacke gale, and in 
the very entrance (which is but narrow, not above 2 buts 
length) the Admirall fell upon a rocke on the larboord side by 
great oversight, in that the weather was faire, the rocke much 
above water fast by the shore, where neither went any sea gate. 
But we found such readinesse in the English Marchants to 
helpe us in that danger, that without delay there were brought 
a number of boats, which towed ofiF the ship, and cleared her 
of danger. 

Having taken place convenient in the road, we let fall 
ankers, the Captaines and Masters repairing aboord oiu* Ad- 
mirall : whither also came inunediatly the Masters and owners 
of the fishing fleete of Englishmen, to understand the Generals 
intent and cause of our arrivall there. They were all satisfied 
when the General had shewed his commission, and purpose to 
take possession of those lands to the behalfe of the crowne of 
England, and the advancement of Christian religion in those 
Paganish regions, requiring but their lawfull ayde for repayring 
of his fleete, and supply of some necessaries, so farre as might 
conveniently be afforded him, both out of that and other har- 
bors adjoyning. In lieu whereof, he made offer to gratifie 
them, with any favour and priviledge, which upon their 
better advise they should demand, the like being not to 
be obteyned hereafter for greater price. So craving expedi- 
tion of his demand, minding to proceede fiulher South 
without long detention in those partes, he dismissed them, 
after promise given of their best indevour to satisfie speedily 
his so reasonable request. The marchants with their 
Masters departed, they caused forthwith to be discharged 



198 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1683 

all the great Ordinance of their fleete in token of our 
welcome. 

It was further determined that every ship of our fleete 
should deliver unto the marchants and Masters of that harbour 
a note of all their wants: which done, the ships aswell English 
as strangers, were taxed at an easie rate to make supply. And 
besides, Commissioners were appointed, part of our owne 
companie and part of theirs, to go into other harbours adjojm- 
ing (for our English marchants command all there) to leavie 
our provision : whereunto the Portugals (above other nations) 
did most willingly and Uberally contribute. Insomuch as we 
were presented (above our allowance) with wines, marmalads, 
most fine ruske or bisket, sweet oyles and sundry delicacies. 
Also we wanted not of fresh salmons, trouts, lobsters and other 
fresh fish brought daily unto us. Moreover as. the maner is in 
their fishing, every weeke to choose their Admirall a new, or 
rather they succeede in orderly course, and' have weekely 
their Admirals feast solemnized : even so the General, Captaines 
and masters of our fleete were continually invited and feasted. 
To grow short, in our abundance at home, the intertainment 
had bene delightfull, but after our wants and tedious passage 
through the Ocean, it seemed more acceptable and of greater 
contentation, by how much the same was unexpected in that 
desolate corner of the world : where at other times of the yeare, 
wilde beasts and birds have only the fruition of all those coun- 
tries, which now seemed a place very populous and much 
frequented. 

The next morning being Sunday and the 4 of August, the 
Generall and his company were brought on land by English 
marchants, who shewed unto us their accustomed walks unto a 
place they call the Garden. But nothing appeared more then 
Nature it selfe without art : who confusedly hath brought foorth 
roses abundantly, wilde, but odoriferous, and to sense very 
comfortable. Also the like plentie of raspis berries, which doe 
grow in every place. 

Munday following, the Generall had his tent set up, who 
being accompanied with his own followers, summoned the 



1688] THE VOYAGE OP SIE HUMPHEEY GILBEET 199 

marchants and masters, both English and strangers to be pres- 
ent at his taking possession of those Countries. Before whom 
openly was read and interpreted unto the strangers his Com- 
mission: by vertue whereof he tooke possession in the same 
harbour of S. John, and 200 leagues every way, invested the 
Queenes Majestie with the title and dignitie thereof, had de- 
livered unto him (after the custome of England) a rod and a 
turfife of the same soile, entring possession aIso for him, his 
heires and assignes for ever : And signified unto al men, that 
from that time forward, they should take the same land as a 
territorie appertaining to the Queene of England, and himselfe 
authorised under her Majestie to possesse and enjoy it. And 
to ordaine lawes for the govemement thereof, agreeable (so 
neere as conveniently might be) unto the lawes of Englaujd: 
under which all people coming thither hereafter, either to in- 
habite, or by way of traffique, should be subjected and governed. 
And especially at the same time for a beginning, he proposed 
and delivered three lawes to be in force inmiediatly. That 
is to say: the first for Religion, which in publique exercise 
should be according to the Church of England. The 2. for 
maintenance of her Majesties right and possession of those 
territories, against which if any thing were attempted preju- 
diciall the partie or parties offending should be adjudged and 
executed as in case of high treason, according to the lawes of 
England. The 3. if any person should utter words sounding 
to the dishonour of her Majestie, he should loose his eares, 
and have his ship and goods confiscate. 

These contents published, obedience was promised by 
generall voyce and consent of the multitude aswell of English- 
men as strangers, praying for continuance of this possession 
and governement begun. After this, the assembly was dis- 
missed. And afterward were erected not farre from that place 
the Armes of England ingraven in lead, and infixed upon a 
pillar of wood. Yet further and actually to establish this pos- 
session taken in the right of her Majestie, and to the behoof e 
of Sir Humfrey Gilbert knight, his heires and assignes for ever : 
the Generall granted in fee farme divers parcels of land lying 



200 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1683 

by the water side, both in this harbor of S. John, and elsewhere, 
which was to the owners a great commoditie, being thereby 
assured (by their proper inheritance) of grounds convenient 
to dresse and to drie their fish, whereof many times before they 
did faile, being prevented by them that came first into the 
harbor. For which grounds they did covenant to pay a 
certaine rent and service unto sir Humfrey Gilbert, his heiree 
or assignes for ever, and yeerely to maintaine possession of the 
same, by themselves or their assignes. 

Now remained only to take in provision granted, according 
as every shippe was taxed, which did fish upon the coast ad- 
joyning. In the meane while, the Generall appointed men unto 
their charge: some to repau-e and trim the ships, others to 
attend in gathering togither our supply and provisions : othere 
to search the co^odties and shSukrities of the countrey, 
to be found by sea or land, and to make relation unto the 
Generall what eyther themselves could knowe by their ownc 
travaile and experience, or by good intelligence of English 
men or strangers, who had longest frequented the same coast. 
Also some observed the elevation of the pole, and drewe plats ol 
the countrey exactly graded. And by that I could gather by 
each mans severall relation, I have drawen a briefe descriptioB 
of the Newfoundland, with the commodities by sea or landc 
alreadie made, and such also as are in possibilitie and great 
Ukelihood to be made: Neverthelesse the Gardes and plats 
that were drawing, with the due gradation of the harbors, 
bayes, and capes, did perish with the Admirall: wherefore 
in the description following, I must omit the particulars ol 
such things. 

A briefe relation of the New found lande, and the commodities 

thereof. 

That which we doe call the Newfound land, and the French- 
men Bacalaos, is an Hand, or rather (after the opinion of some] 
it consisteth of sundry Hands and broken lands, situate in the 
North regions of America, upon the gulfe and entrance of the 



1688] THE VOYAGE OF SIE HUMPHEEY GILBEET 201 

great river called S. Laurence in Canada. Into the which, 
navigation may be made both on the South and North side of 
this Hand. The land lyeth South and North, containing in 
length betweene three and 400 miles, accounting from cape 
Race (which is 46 degrees 25 minuts) unto the Grand bay in 
52 d^rees of Septentrionall latitude. The Hand round about 
hath very many goodly bayes and harbors, safe roads for ships, 
the like not to be found in any part of the knowen world. 

The common opinion that is had of intemperature and ex- 
treme cold that should be in this countrey, as of some part it 
may be verified, namely the North, where I grant it is more 
colde then in countries of Europe, which are under the same 
elevation : even so it cannot stand with reason and nature of 
the clime, that the South parts should be so intemperate as the 
brute * hath gone. For as the same doe he under the climats 
of Briton, Anjou, Poictou in France, betweene 46 and 49 
d^rees, so can they not so much differ from the temperature 
of those countries : unlesse upon the outcoast lying open unto 
the Ocean and sharpe windes, it must in deede be subject to 
more colde, then further within the land, where the mountaines 
are interposed, as walles and bulwarkes, to defend and to resist 
the asperitie and rigor of the sea and weather. Some hold opin- 
ion, that the Newfound land might be the more subject to cold, 
by how much it lyeth high and neere unto the middle region. 
I grant that not in Newfound land alone, but in Germany 
Italy and Afrike, even under the Equinoctiall Une, the moun- 
taines are extreme cold, and seeldome uncovered of snow, in 
their culme and highest tops, which commeth to passe by the 
same reason that they are extended towards the middle region : 
yet in the countries lying beneth them, it is found quite con- 
trary. Even so all hils having their discents, the valleis also 
and low grounds must be likewise hot or temperate, as the clime 
doeth give in Newfound land : though I am of opinion that the 
Sunnes reflection is much cooled, and cannot be so forcible 
in the Newfound land, nor generally throughout America, as 

* Bruit^ rumor. 



202 EAELY ENGLISH VOYAGES pW3 

in Europe or Af rike : by how much the Sunne in his diumall 
course from East to West passeth over (for the most part) 
dry land and sandy countries, before he arriveth at the West of 
Europe or Afrike, whereby his motion increaseth heate, with 
Uttle or no quaUfication by moyst vapours. Where, on the 
contrarie he passeth from Europe and Afrike unto America 
over the Ocean, from whence it draweth and carieth with him 
abtmdance of moyst vapours, which doe quaUfie and infeeble 
greatly the Sunnes reverberation upon this countrey chiefly 
of Newfound land, being so much to the Northward. Never- 
thelesse (as I sayd before) the cold cannot be so intollerable 
under the latitude of 46 47 and 48 (especiall within land) that 
it should be unhabitable, as some do suppose, seeing also there 
are very many people more to the North by a great deale. 
And in these South parts there be certaine beastes, Ounces or 
Leopards, and bh-des in Uke maner which in the Sommer we 
have seene, not heard of in countries of extreme and vehement 
coldnesse. Besides, as in the monethes of June, July, August 
and September, the heate is somewhat more then in England 
at those seasons: so men remaining upon the South parts 
neere unto Cape Race, untill after Hollandtide,* have not foimd 
the cold so extreme, nor much differing from the temperature 
of England. Those which have arrived there after November 
and December, have found the snow exceeding deepe, whereat 
no marvaile, considering the ground upon the coast, is rough 
and uneven, and the snow is driven into the places most de- 
clyning as the like is to be seene with us. The like depth of 
snow happily shall not be found within land upon the playner 
countries, which also are defended by the mountaines, break- 
ing off the violence of winds and weather. But admitting 
extraordinary cold in those South parts, above that with us 
here : it can not be as great as in Swedland, much lesse in Mos- 
covia or Russia: yet are the same countries very populous, 
and the rigor and cold is dispensed with by the commoditie 
of Stoves, warme clothing, meats and drinkes : all which neede 

* All Hallow tide, i.e., the period about All Saints' Day, November 1. 



1688] THE VOYAGE OP SDft HUMPHEEY GILBEET 203 

not to be wanting in the Newfound land, if we had intent 
there to inhabite. 

In the South parts we found no inhabitants, which by all 
likelihood have abandoned those coastes, the same being so 
much frequented by Christians : But in the North are savages 
altogether harmlesse. Touching the conmiodities of this 
countrie, serving either for sustentation of inhabitants, or for 
maintenance of traffique, there are and may be made divers : 
80 that it seemeth Nature hath recompenced that only defect 
and incoDMnoditie of some sharpe cold, by many benefits: 
viz. With incredible quantitie, and no lesse varietie of kindes 
of fish in the sea and fresh waters, as Trouts, Salmons, and 
other fish to us imknowen: Also Cod, which alone draweth 
many nations thither, and is become the most famous fishing 
of the world. Abimdance of Whales, for which also is a very 
great trade in the bayes of Placentia and the Grand bay, 
where is made Traine oiles of the Whale : * Herring the largest 
that have bene heard of, and exceeding the Malstrond ' 
herring of Norway: but hitherto was never benefit taken of 
the herring fishing. There are sundry other fish very delicate, 
namely the Bonito, Lobsters, Turbut, with others infinite not 
sought after : Oysters having pearle but not orient in colour : 
I tooke it by reason they were not gathered in season. 

Concerning the inland commodities, aswel to be drawen 
from this land, as from the exceeding large coimtries adjoyning : 
there is nothing which our East and Northerly countries of 
Europe doe yeelde, but the like also may be made in them as 
plentifuUy by time and industrie : Namely rosen, pitch, tarre, 
sopeashes, dealboord, mastes for ships, hides, furres, flaxe, 
hempe, come, cordage, linnen-cloth, mettals and many more. 
All which the countries will aford, and the soyle is apt to 
yeelde. 

The trees for the most in those South parts are Firretrees, 
Pine and Cypresse, all yeelding Gmnme and Turpentine. 

Cherrie trees bearing fruit no bigger than a small pease. 

^ Made from the blubber or fat of whales by boiling. ' Maelstrom. 



I 



204 EAELY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1688 

Also peare trees but fmitlesse. Other trees of some sorts to us 
imknowen. 

The soyle along the coast is not deepe of earth, bringing 
forth abundantly peason small, yet good feeding for cattel. 
Roses passuag sweet, like unto our muske roses in forme, 
raspases, a berry which we call Hurts, good and holesome to 
eat. The grasse and herbfe doth fat sheepe in very short space, 
proved by EngUsh marchants which have caried sheepe thither 
for fresh victuall and had them raised exceeding fat in lesse 
then three weekes. Peason which our countre3rmen have sowen 
in the time of May, have come up faire, and bene gathered in 
the beginning of August, of which our Generall had a present 
acceptable for the rarenesse, being the first fruits comming 
up by art and Industrie in that desolate and dishabited 
land. 

Lakes or pooles of fresh water, both on the tops of moun- 
taines and in the vaUies. In which are said to be muskles not 
unUke to have pearle, which I had put in triall, if by mischance 
falling unto me, I had not bene letted from that and other good 
experiments I was minded to make. 

Foule both of water and land in great plentie and diver- 
sitie. All kind of greene foule : Others as bigge as Bustards, 
yet not the same. A great white foule called by some a 
Gaunt. 

Upon the land divers sorts of haukes, as Faulcons, and 
others by report : Partridges most plentifull larger than ours, 
gray and white of colour, and rough footed like doves, which 
our men after one flight did kill with cudgels, they were so 
fat and unable to flie. Birds some like blackbirds, Unnets, 
canary birds, and other very small. Beasts of sundry kindes, 
red deare, buffles or a beast, as it seemeth by the tract and 
foote very large in maner of an oxe. Beares, ounces or leop- 
ards, some greater and some lesser, wolves, foxes, which to 
the Northward a little further are black, whose furre is es- 
teemed in some Countries of Europe very rich. Otters, bevers, 
and marternes : And in the opinion of most men that saw it, 
the Generall had brought unto him a Sable alive, which he 



168S] THE VOYAGE OP SIR HUMPHREY GILBERT 206 

sent iinto his brother sh- John Gilbert knight * of Devonshire : 
but it was never deUvered, as after I understood. We could 
not observe the hundreth part of creatures in those unhabited 
lands: but these mentioned may induce us to glorifie the 
magnificent God, who hath superabundantly replenished the 
earth with creatures serving for the use of man, though man 
hath not used a fif t part of the same, which the more doth ag- 
gravate the fault and foolish slouth in many of our nation, 
chusing rather to Uve indirectly, and very miserably to live 
and die within this realme pestered with inhabitants, then to 
adventure as becommeth men, to obtaine an habitation in 
those remote lands, in which Nature very prodigally doth 
minister unto mens endevours, and for art to worke upon. 

For besides these alreadie recounted and infinite moe, the 
moimtaines generally make shew of minerall substance : Iron 
very conmion, lead, and somewhere copper. I will not averre 
of richer mettals : albeit by the circumstances following, more 
then hope may be conceived thereof. 

For amongst other charges given to inquire out the singu- 
larities of this countrey, the Generall was most curious in 
the search of mettals, commanding the minerall man and 
refiner, especially to be diligent. The same was a Saxon 
borne, honest and reUgious, named Daniel.* Who after search 
brought at first some sort of Ore, seeming rather to be jrron 
then other mettal. The next time he found Ore, which with 
no small shew of contentment he delivered unto the General, 
using protestation, that if silver were the thing which might 
satisfie the Generall and his followers, there it was, advising 
him to seeke no further: the perill whereof he undertooke 
upon his life (as deare unto him as the Crowne of England 
unto her Majestic, that I may use his owne words) if it fell 
not out accordingly. 

My selfe at this instant liker to die then to live, by a mis- 
chance, could not follow this confident opinion of our refiner 
to my owne satisfaction : but afterward demanding our Generals 

^ Eldest son of Sir Humphrey Gilbert the elder. 

* Of Buda. He was drowned in the loss of the Delight, August 29. 



206 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1688 

opinion therein, and to have some part of the Ore, he replied : 
Content your selfe, I have seene ynough, and were it but to 
satisfie my private humor, I would proceede no further. The 
promise unto my friends, and necessitie to bring also the South 
coimtries within compasse of my Patent neere expired, as we 
have alreadie done these North parts, do only perswade me 
fiu1;her. And touching the Ore, I have sent it aboord, whereof 
I would have no speech to be made so long as we remaine within 
harbor: here being both Portugals, Biscains, and Frenchmen 
not farre oflf, from whom must be kept any bruit or muttering 
of such matter. When we are at sea proofe shalbe made: 
if it be to our desire, we may retume the sooner hither againe. 
Whose answere I judged reasonable, and contenting me well : 
wherewith I will conclude this narration' and description of 
the Newfound land, and proceede to the rest of our voyage, 
which ended tragically. 

While the better sort of us were seriously occupied in re- 
pairing our wants, and contriving of matters for the commoditie 
of our voyage: others of another sort and disposition were 
plotting of mischiefe. Some casting to steale away our ship- 
ping by night, watching oportunitie by the Generals and 
Captaines lying on the shore: whose conspiracies discovered, 
they were prevented. Others drew together in company, 
and caried away out of the harbors adjoyning, a ship laden 
with fish, setting the poore men on shore. A great many 
more of our people stole into the woods to hide themselves, 
attending time and meanes to returne home by such shipping 
as daily departed from the coast. Some were sicke of fluxes, 
and many dead: and in brief e, by one meanes or other our 
company was diminished, and many by the Generall Ucensed 
to returne home. Insomuch as after we had reviewed our 
people, resolved to see an end of our voyage, we grewe scant 
of men to furnish all our shipping : it seemed good therefore 
unto the Generall to leave the Swallowe with such provision 
as might be spared for transporting home the sicke 
people. 



1683] THE VOYAGE OF SIR HUMPHREY GILBERT 207 

The Captaine of the Delight or Adnurall returned into 
England; in whose stead was appointed Captaine Maurice 
Browne, before Captaine of the Swallow: who also brought 
with him into the Delight all his men of the Swallow, which 
before have bene noted of outrage perpetratecj and committed 
upon fishermen there met at sea. 

The Generall made choise to goe in his frigate theSquirrell 
(whereof the Captaine also was amongst them that returned 
into England) the same Frigate being most convenient to dis- 
cover upon the coast, and to search into every harbor or creeke, 
which a great ship could not doe. Therefore the Frigate was 
prepared with her nettings and fights, and overcharged with 
bases and such small Ordinance, more to give a shew, then with 
judgement to foresee unto the safetie of her and the men, 
which afterward was an occasion also of their overthrow. 

Now having made readie our shipping, that is to say, 
the DeUght, the golden Hinde, and the Squirrell, and put 
aboord our provision, which was wines, bread or ruske, 
fish wette and drie, sweete oiles : besides many other, as mar- 
malades, figs, lymmons barrelled, and such like : Also we had 
other ni^ry provisions for tiimming our ships, nets and 
lines to fish withall, boates or pinnesses fit for discovery. In 
briefe, we were supplied of our wants commodiously, as if we 
had bene in a Countrey or some Citie populous and plentifuU 
of all things. 

We departed from this harbor of S. Johns upon Tuesday 
the twentieth of August, which we found by exact observa- 
tion to be in 47 degrees 40 minutes. And the next day by 
night we were at Cape Race, 25 leagues from the same har- 
borough. 

This Cape lyeth South Southwest from S. Johns : it is a low 
land, being ofif from the Cape about half e a league : within the 
sea riseth up a rocke against the point of the Cape, which 
thereby is easily knowen. It is in latitude 46 degrees 25 
minutes. 

Under this cape we were becalmed a small time, during 
which we layd out hookes and lines to take Codde, and drew in 



208 EAELY ENGLISH VOYAGES [ICW 

lesse then two honres, fish so large and in such abundance, 
that many dayes after we fed upon no other provision. 

Prom hence we shaped our course unto the Island of Sab- 
Ion/ if conveniently it would so fall out, also directly to CSape 
Briton. 

Sablon liethto the sea-ward of Cape Briton about 25 leagues, 
whither we were determined to goe upon intelligence we had of 
a Portugal, (during our abode in S. Johns) who was himselfe 
present, when the Portugals (above thirty yeeres past) did 
put into the same Island both Neat and Swine to breede, 
which were since exceedingly multiplied. This seemed unto 
us very happy tidings, to have in an Island lying so neere imto 
the maine, which we intended to plant upon, such store of 
cattell, whereby we might at all times conveniently be re- 
lieved of victuall, and served of store for breed. 

In this course we trended along the coast, which from 
Cape Race stretched into the Northwest, making a bay which 
some called Trepassa. Then it goeth out againe toward the 
West, and maketh a point, which with Cape Race lieth in 
maner East and West. But this point inclineth to the North : 
to the West of which goeth in the bay of Placentia. We sent 
men on land to take view of the soyle along this coast, whereof 
they made good report, and some of them had wil to be planted 
there. They saw Pease growing in great abundance every 
where. 

The distance betweene Cape Race and Cape Briton is 87 
leagues. In which Navigation we spent 8 dayes, having many 
times the wind indiflferent good; yet could we never attaine 
sight of any land all that time, seeing we were hindred by the 
current. At last we fell into such flats and dangers, that hardly 
any of us escaped: where neverthelesse we lost our Admiral 
with al the men and provision, not knowing certainly the place. 
Yet for inducing men of skill to make conjecture, by our 
course and way we held from Cape Race thither (that thereby 
the flats and dangers may be inserted in sea Cards, for warning 

^ Sable Island. 



1688] THE VOYAGE OF SIR HUMPHEEY GILBEET 209 

to others that may follow the same course hereafter) I have 
set downe the best reckonings that were kept by expert men, 
William C!ox Master of the Hind, and John Paul his mate, 
both of limehouse. 

Reckonings kept in our course from Cape Race towards Cape 
Briton, and the Island of Sablon, to the time and 
place where we lost our Admirall. 



August 22. 



August 29. 



West, 


14 leagues. 


West and by South, 


25 


Westnorthwest, 


25 


Weatnorthwest, 


9 


Southsouthwest, 


10 


Southwest, 


12 


Southsouthwest, 


10 


[ Westnorthwest, 


12. Here we lost our 




Admiral. 



Summe of these leagues, 117. 



The reckoning of John Paul Masters mate from Cape Race. 



August 22. 
23. 
24. 
25. 
26. 
27. 


West, 

Northwest and by West, 

Southwest and by South, 

West and by South, 

West and by North, 

Southwest, 


14 leagues. 

9 

5 
40 

7 

3 


28. 


Southwest, 


9 




Southwest, 


7 




Westsouthwest, 


7 


29. 


Northwest and by West, 


20. Here we lost our 
Admirall. 




Summe of all these leagues, 121. 



Our course we held in clearing us of these flats was East- 
southeast, and Southeast, and South 14 leagues with a mar- 
veilous scant winde. 



SIO EAItLT XNGUBH YOYAGBS [UBS 



The maner how our Adnunll was lost. 

Upon Tewsday the 27 of August, toward the evemng, our 
Generall caused them m his frigat to sound, who found white 
sande at 35 fadome, being then in latitude about 44 degrees. 

Wednesday toward night the wind came South, and wee 
bare with the land all that night, Westnorthwest, contrary to 
the mind of master Cox: neverthdesse wee followed the Ad- 
mirall deprived of power to prevent a mischiefe, which by 
no contradiction could be brought to hold other course, al- 
leaging they could not make the ship to worke better, nor to 
lie otherwaies. 

The evening was f aire and pleasant, yet not without token 
of storme to ensue, and most part of this Wednesday night, 
like the Swanne that singeth before her death, they in the 
Admiral, or Delight, continued in sounding of Trumpets, with 
Drummes, and Fifes: also winding the Comets, Haught- 
boyes: and in the end of their jolitie, left with the battell and 
ringing of doleful knels. 

Towards the evening also we caught in the Golden ECnde a 
very mighty Porpose, with a harping yron, having first striken 
divers of them, and brought away part of their flesh, sticking 
upon the jrron, but could recover onely that one. These also 
passing through the Ocean, in heardes, did portend storme. I 
omit to recite frivolous reportes by them in the Frigat, of 
strange voyces, the same night, which scarred some from the 
helme. 

Thursday the 29 of August, the wind rose, and blew ve- 
hemently at South and by East, bringing withal raine, and 
thicke mist, so that we could not see a cable length before us. 
And betimes in the morning we were altogether runne and folded 
in amongst flats and sands, amongst which we found shoale 
and deepe in every three or foure shippes length, after wee 
b^an to soimd: but first we were upon them unawares, 
imtill master Cox looking out, discerned (in his judgement) 
white cliffes, crying (land) withall, though we could not after- 



1«88] THE VOYAGE OF SIE HUMPHBEY GILBEET 211 

ward descrie any land, it being very likely the breaking of the 
sea white, which seemed to be white cliffes, through the haze 
and thicke weather. 

Immediatly tokens were given unto the Delight, to cast 
about to seaward, which, being the greater ship, and of burden 
120 tunnes, was yet formost upon the breach, keeping so ill 
watch, that they knew not the danger before they felt the same, 
too late to recover it: for presently the Admirall strooke a 
groimd, and had soone after her steme and hinder partes 
beaten in pieces:* whereupon the rest (that is to say, the 
Frigat in which was the Generall and the Golden Hinde) cast 
about Eastsoutheast, bearing to the South, even for our lives 
into the windes eye, because that way caried us to the seaward. 
Making out from this danger, wee sounded one while seven 
fadome, then five fadome, then foure fadome and lesse, againe 
deeper, immediatly foure fadome, then but three fadome, 
the sea going mightily and high. At last we recovered (God 
be thanked) in some despaire, to sea roome enough. 

In this distresse, wee had vigilant eye unto the Admirall, 
whom wee sawe cast away, without power to give the men 
succour, neither could we espie any of the men that leaped 
overboord to save themselves, either in the same Pinnesse or 
Cocke, or "upon rafters, and such like meanes, presenting them- 
selves to men in those extremities: for we desired to save 
the men by every possible meanes. But all in vaine, sith God 
had determined their mine : yet all that day, and part of the 
next, we beat up and downe as neere unto the wracke as was 
possible for us, looking out, if by good hap we might espie any 
of them. 

This was a heavy and grievous event, to lose at one blow our 
chiefe shippe fraighted with great provision, gathered together 
with much travell, care, long time, and difficultie. But more 
was the losse of our men, which perished to the number al- 
most of a hundreth soules. Amongst whom was drowned a 
learned man, an Hungarian, borne in the citie of Buda, called 

^ The scene of the wreck is best located on some point of the southeasterly 
part of the island of Cape Breton. 



212 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1688 

hereof Budseus/ who of pietie and zeale to good attempts, 
adventured in this action, minding to record in the Latine 
tongue, the gests and things worthy of remembrance, happen- 
ing in this discoverie, to the honour of our nation, the same 
being adorned with the eloquent stile of this Orator, and rare 
Poet of our time. 

Here also perished our Saxon Refiner and discoverer of 
inestimable riches, as it was left amongst some of us in im- 
doubted hope. 

No lesse heavy was the losse of the Captaine Maurice 
Browne, a vertuous, honest, and discreete (xentleman, over- 
seene onely in liberty given late before to men, that ought to 
have bene restrained, who shewed himself e a man resolved, and 
never unprepared for death, as by his last act of this tragedie 
appeared, by report of them that escaped this wracke miracu- 
lously, as shall bee hereafter declared. For when all hope waa 
past of recovering the ship, and that men b^an to give over, 
and to save themselves, the Captaine was advised before to 
shift also for his life, by the Pinnesse at the steme of the ship : 
but refusing that counsell, he would not give example with the 
first to leave the shippe, but used all meanes to exhort his 
people not to despaire, nor so to leave ofif their labour, choosing 
rather to die, then to incurre infamie, by forsaking his charge, 
which then might be thought to have perished through his 
default, shewing an ill president unto his men, by leaving the 
ship first himselfe. With this mind hee mounted upon the 
highest decke, where hee attended imminent death, and un- 
avoidable ; how long, I leave it to God, who withdraweth not 
his comfort from his servants at such times. 

In the meane season, certaine, to the number of fourteene 
persons, leaped into a small Pinnesse (the bignes of a Thames 
barge, which was made in the New found land) cut ofif the rope 

* Stephen Parmenius, a learned Hungarian. He was a room-mate of 
Hakluyt while at Oxford. Hakluyt prints, on the pages preceding Hayes's 
narrative, a Latin poem written by Parmenius in honor of the expedition, 
and, on the pages succeeding it, a letter addressed by him to Hakluyt in 
Latin with an English translation. Hakluyt Society edition, VIIL 23-33, 
77-84. 



1«8] THE VOYAGE OP SIR HUMPHREY GILBERT 213 

wherewith it was towed, and committed themselves to Gods 
mercy, amiddest the storme, and rage of sea and windes, 
destitute of foode, not so much as a droppe of fresh water. 
The boate seeming overcharged in foule weather with com- 
pany, Edward Headly a valiant souldier, and well reputed 
of his companie, preferring the greater to the lesser, thought 
better that some of them perished then all, made this motion 
to cast lots, and them to bee throwen overboord upon whom 
the lots fell, thereby to Ughten the boate, which otherwayes 
seemed impossible to live, oflfred himselfe with the first, 
content to take his adventure gladly: which neverthelesse 
Richard Clarke, that was Master of the Admirall, and one of 
this number, refused, advising to abide Gods pleasure, who was 
able to save all, as well as a few. 

The boate was caried before the wind, continuing sixe dayes 
and nights in the Ocean, and arrived at last with the men 
(alive, but weake) upon the New found land, saving that the 
foresayd Headly, (who had bene late sicke) and another called 
of us Brasile, of his travell into those Ciountreys, died by the 
way, famished, and lesse able to holde out, then those of better 
health. For such was these poore mens extremitie, in cold 
and wet, to have no better sustenance then their own urine, 
for sixe dayes together. 

Thus whom God delivered from drowning, hee appointed to 
bee famished, who doth give limits to mans times, and ordaineth 
the manner and circumstance of dying : whom agame he will 
preserve, neither Sea nor famine can confound. For those 
that arrived upon the Newe foimd land, were brought into 
France by certaine French men, then being upon that coast. 

After this heavie chance, wee continued in beating the sea 
up and downe, expecting when the weather would cleere up, 
that we might yet beare in with the land, which we judged 
not farre oflF, either the continent or some Island. For we 
many times, and in sundry places found groimd at 50, 45, 40 
fadomes, and lesse. The groimd comming upon our lead, 
being sometimes oazie sand, and otherwhile a broad shell; 
with a little sand about it. 



214 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1688 

Our people lost courage dayly after this ill successe^ the 
weather continuing thicke and blustering, with increase of 
cold, Winter drawing on, which tooke from them all hope of 
amendment, setling an assurance of worse weather to growe 
upon us every day. The Leeside of us lay full of flats and 
dangers inevitable, if the wind blew hard at South. Some 
againe doubted we were ingulphed in the Bay of S. Laurence, 
the coast full of dangers, and irnto us imknowen. But above 
all, provision waxed scant, and hope of supply was gone, ¥^th 
losse of our Admirall. 

Those in the Frigat were already pinched with spare al- 
lowance, and want of clothes chiefly: Whereupon they be- 
sought the Generall to retume for England, before they all 
perished. And to them of the Golden Hinde, they made signes 
of their distresse, pointing to their mouthes, and to their 
clothes thinne and ragged: then immediately they also of 
the Golden Hinde, grew to be of the same opinion and desire 
to retume home. 

The former reasons having also moved the Generall to have 
compassion of his poore men, in whom he saw no want of good 
will, but of meanes fit to performe the action they came for, 
resolved upon retire : and calling the Captaine and Master of 
the Hinde, he yeelded them many reasons, inforcing this un- 
expected returne, withall protesting himselfe greatly satisfied 
with that hee had seene, and knew already. 

Reiterating these words, Be content, we have seene enough, 
and take no care of expence past : I will set you f oorth royally 
the next Spring, if God send us safe home. Therefore I pray 
you let us no longer strive here, where we fight against the 
elements. 

Omitting circimistance, how unwillingly the Captaine and 
Master of the Hinde condescended to this motion, his owne 
company can testifie : yet comforted with the Generals promises 
of a speedie retume at Spring, and induced by other apparant 
reasons, proving an impossibilitie, to accomplish the action at 
that time, it was concluded on all hands to retire. 

So upon Saturday in the afternoone the 31 of August, we 



1«8] THE VOYAGE OP SIE HUMPHREY GILBERT 216 

changed our course, and returned backe for England; at which 
very instant, even in winding about, there passed along be- 
tweene us and towards the land which we now forsooke a 
very lion to our seeming, in shape, hair and colour, not swim- 
ming after the maner of a beast by mooving of his feete, but 
rather sUding upon the water with his whole body (excepting 
the l^s) in sight, neither yet diving imder, and againe rising 
above the water, as the maner is, of Whales, Dolphins, Tunise, 
Porposes, and all other fish : but confidently shewing himselfe 
above water without hiding : Notwithstanding, we presented 
our selves in open view and gesture to amase him, as all 
creatures will be commonly at a sudden gaze and sight of men. 
Thus he passed along turning his head to and fro, yawning 
and gaping wide, with ougly demonstration of long teeth, and 
glaring eies, and to bidde us a farewell (comming right against 
the Hinde) he sent forth a horrible voyce, roaring or bellowing 
as doeth a lion, which spectacle wee all beheld so farre as we 
were able to disceme the same, as men prone to wonder at 
every strange thing, as this doubtlesse was, to see a Uon in the 
Ocean sea, or fish in shape of a lion. What opinion others 
had thereof, and chiefly the Generall himselfe, I forbeare to 
deUver : But he tooke it for Bonum Omen, rejoycing that he 
was to warre against such an enemie, if it were the devill. 

The wind was large for England at our retume, but very 
high, and the sea rough, insomuch as the Frigat wherein the 
Generall went was almost swalowed up. 

Munday in the aftemoone we passed in the sight of Cape 
Race, having made as much way in Uttle more then two dayes 
and nights backe againe, as before wee had done in eight dayes 
from Cape Race, unto the place where our ship perished. Which 
hindrance thitherward, and speed back againe, is to be imputed 
unto the swift ciurent, as well as to the winds, which we had 
more large in our retume. 

This munday the Generall came aboord the Hind to have 
the Surgeon of the Hind to dresse his foote, which he hurt by 
treading upon a naile : At what time we comforted ech other 
with hope of hard successe to be all past, and of the good to 



216 EABLY ENGLISH VOTAOES [1688 

come. So agreeing to cary out lights alwayes by night, that 
we might keepe together, he departed into his Frigat, being by 
no meanes to be intreated to tarie in the Hind, which had 
bene more for his security. Inmiediatly after followed a 
sharpe storme, which we overpassed for that time. Praysed 
be God. 

The weather faire, the Grenerall came aboord the Hind 
againe, to make merrie together with the Captaine, Master 
and company, which was the last meeting, and continued 
there from morning untill night. During which time there 
passed sundry discourses, touching affaires past, and to come, 
lamenting greatly the losse of his great ship, more of the men, 
but most of all of his bookes and notes, and what els I know 
not, for which hee was out of measiu^e grieved, the same 
doubtles being some matter of more importance then his bookes, 
which I could not draw from him: yet by circimistance I 
gathered, the same to be the Ore* which Daniel the Saxon had 
brought unto him in the New found land. Whatsoever it was, 
the remembrance touched him so deepe, as not able to containe 
himselfe, he beat his boy in great rage, even at the same time, 
so long after the miscarying of the great ship, because upon 
a faire day, when wee were becalmed upon the coast of the 
New found land, neere unto Cape Race, he sent his boy aboord 
the Admirall, to fetch certaine things: amongst which, this 
being chiefe, was yet forgotten and left behind. After which 
time he could never conveniently send againe aboord the great 
ship, much lesse hee doubted her mine so neere at hand. 

Herein my opinion was better confirmed diversly, and by 
sundry conjectures, which maketh me have the greater hope of 
this rich Mine. For where as the Generall had never before 
good conceit of these North parts of the world : now his mind 
was wholly fixed upon the New found land. And as before he 
refused not to grant assignements liberally to them that re- 
quired the same into these North parts, now he became con- 
trarily affected, refusing to make any so large grants, especially 

* Gilbert was in such a state of mind as Frobisher was when he loaded 
his vessel with worthless, shining dirt. 



1683] THE VOYAGE OP SIR HUMPHREY GILBERT 217 

of S. Johns, which certame English merchants made suite for, 
offering to imploy their money and travell upon the same : yet 
neither by their owne suite, nor of others of his owne company, 
whom he seemed wiUing to pleasure, it could be obtained. 

Also laying downe his determination in the Spring follow- 
ing, for disposing of his voyage then to be reattempted : he 
assigned the Captaine and Master of the Golden Hind, unto the 
South discovery, and reserved unto himselfe the North, aflSrm- 
ing that this voyage had wonne his heart from the South, 
and that he was now become a Northeme man altogether. 

Last, being demanded what means he had at his arrivall in 
England, to compasse the charges of so great preparation as he 
intended to make the next Spring: having determined upon 
two fleetes, one for the South, another for the North : Leave 
that to mee (hee replied) I will aske a pennie of no man. I 
will bring good tidings unto her Majesty, who wil be so gracious, 
to lend me 10000 pounds, wiUing us therefore to be of good 
cheere: for he did thanke God (he sayd) with al his heart, 
for that he had scene, the same being enough for us all, and 
that we needed not to seeke any further. And these last 
words he would often repeate, with demonstration of great 
fervencie of mind, being himselfe very confident, and setled 
in beUef e of inestimable good by this voyage : which the greater 
number of his followers nevertheles mistrusted altogether, not 
being made partakers of those secrets, which the Generall 
kept unto himselfe. Yet all of them that are hving, may be 
witnesses of his words and protestations, which sparingly I 
have delivered. 

Leaving the issue of this good hope unto God, who knoweth 
the trueth only, and can at his good pleasure bring the same to 
light : I will hasten to the end of this tragedie, which must be 
knit up in the person of our Generall. And as it was Gods 
ordinance upon him, even so the vehement perswasion and 
intreatie of his friends could nothing availe, to divert him 
from a wilfull resolution of going through in his Frigat, which 
was overcharged upon their deckes, with fights, nettings, and 
small artillerie^ too cumbersome for so small a boate, that was 



218 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1688 

to passe through the Ocean sea at that season of the yere, 
when by course we might expect much storme of foule weather, 
whereof mdeed we had enough. 

But when he was mtreated by the Captame, Master^ and 
other his well willers of the Hinde, not to venture in the Frigat, 
this was his answerer I will not forsake my little company 
going homeward^ with whom I have passed so many stormes 
and perils. And in very trueth, hee was m^ed to be so over 
hard, by hard reports given of him, that he was afraid of the 
sea, albeit this was rather rashnes, then advised resolution, to 
prdferre the wind of a vaine report to the weight of his owne 
life. 

Seeing he would not bend to reason, he had provision out of 
the Hinde, such as was wanting aboord his Frigat. And so we 
committed him to Gods protection, and set him aboord his 
Pinnesse, we being more then 300 leagues onward of our way 
home. 

By that time we had brought the Islands of A9ores South 
of us, yet wee then keeping much to the North, untill we had 
got into the height and elevation of England : we met with very 
foule weather, and terrible seas, breaking short and high 
P)rramid wise. The reason whereof seemed to proceede either 
of hilly grounds high and low within the sea, (as we see hilles 
and dales upon the land) upon which the seas doe mount and 
fall : or else the cause proceedeth of diversitie of winds, shift- 
ing often in sundry points: al which having power to move 
the great Ocean, which againe is not presently setled, so many 
seas do encounter together, as there had bene diversitie of 
windes. Howsoever it commeth to passe, men which all their 
life time had occupied the Sea, never saw more outragious Seas. 
We had also upon our maine yard, an apparition of a little fire 
by night, which seamen doe call Castor and Pollux. But we 
had onely one, which they take an evill signe of more tempest : 
the same is usuall in stormes. 

Munday the ninth of September, in the aftemoone, the 
Frigat was neere cast away, oppressed by waves, yet at that 
time recovered : and giving foorth signes of joy, the Generall 



1688] THE VOYAGE OF SIR HUMPHREY GILBERT 219 

fflttmg abaft with a booke in his hand, cried out unto us in the 
Hind (so oft as we did approch within hearing) We are as 
neere to heaven by sea as by land. Reiterating the same 
speech, well beseeming a souldier, resolute in Jesus Christ, as 
I can testifie he was. 

The same Monday night, about twelve of the clocke, or not 
long after, the Frigat being ahead of us in the Golden Hinde, 
suddenly her lights were out, whereof as it were in a moment, 
we lost the sight, and withall our watch cryed, the Generall 
was cast away, which was too true. For in that moment, 
the Frigat was devoured and swallowed up of the Sea. Yet 
still we looked out all that night, and ever after, untill wee 
arrived upon the coast of England: Omitting no small saile 
at sea, unto which we gave not the tokens betweene us, agreed 
upon, to have perfect knowledge of each other, if we should at 
any time be separated. 

In great torment of weather, and peril! of drowning, it 
pleased God to send safe home the Golden Hinde, which ar- 
rived in Falmouth, the 22 day of September, being Sonday, 
not without as great danger escaped m a flaw, commmg from 
the Southeast, with such thicke mist, that we could not dis- 
ceme land, to put in right with the Haven. 

From Falmouth we went to Dartmouth, and lay there at 
anker before the Range, while the captaine went aland, to 
enquire if there had bene any newes of the Frigat, which say ling 
well, might happily have bene there before us. Also to certifie 
Sir John Gilbert, brother unto the Generall of our hard suc- 
cesse, whom the Captame desh-ed (while his men were yet 
aboordhim, and were witnesses of all occurrents in that voyage,) 
It might please him to take the examination of every person 
particularly, in discharge of his and their faithfull endevour. 
Sir John Gilbert refused so to doe, holding himselfe satisfied 
with report made by the Captaine: and not altogether dis- 
pairing of his brothers safetie, offered friendship and curtesie 
to the Captaine and his company, requiring to have his Barke 
brought into the harbour: in furtherance whereof, a boate 
was sent to helpe to tow her in. 



220 EAELY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1688 

Neverthdesse, when the Captame returned aboord his ship, 
he found his men bent to depart, every man to his home : and 
then the winde serving to proceede higher upon the coast : they 
demanded monie to carie them home, some to London, others 
to Harwich, and elsewhere, (if the barke should be caried into 
Dartmouth, and they discharged, so farre from home) or else 
to take benefite of the wind, then serving to draw neerer home, 
which should be a lesse charge imto the Captaine, and great 
ease unto the men, having els farre to goe. 

Reason accompanied vrtth necessitieperswaded the Captaine, 
who sent his lawfuU excuse and cause of his sudden departure 
imto Sir John Gilbert, by the boate of Dartmouth,^ and from 
thence the Golden Hind departed, and tooke harbour at 
Waimouth. Al the men tired with the tediousnes of so un- 
profitable a voyage to their seeming: in which then- long ex- 
pence of time, much toyle and labour, hard diet and continuall 
hazard of life was imrecompensed : their Captaine neverthe- 
lesse by his great charges, impaired greatly thereby, yet com- 
forted in the goodnes of God, and his undoubted providence 
following him hi all that voyage, as it doth alwaies those at 
other times, whosoever have confidence in him alone. Yet 
have we more neere feeling and perseverance of his powerfull 
hand and protection, when God doth bring us together with 
others into one same peril, in which he leaveth them, and de- 
Uvereth us, making us thereby the beholders, but not par- 
takers of their mine. 

Even so, amongst very many difficulties, discontentments, 
mutinies, conspiracies, sicknesses, mortalitie, spoylings, and 
wracks by sea, which were afflictions, more then in so small a 
Fleete, or so short a time may be supposed, albeit true in every 
particularitie, as partly by the former relation may be collected, 
and some I suppressed with silence for their sakes living, it 
pleased God to support this company, (of which onely one man 
died of a maladie inveterate, and long infested) : the rest kept 

* This port and "Waimouth" below are seaports on the southern coast 
of England, Dartmouth being on the Devon coast and Weymouth on that 
of Dorset. 



168S] THE VOYAGE OP SIR HUMPHEEY GILBERT 221 

together in reasonable contentment and concord, beginning, 
continuing, and ending the voyage, which none els did accom- 
plish either not pleased with the action, or impatient of wants, 
or prevented by death. 

Thus have I delivered the contents of the enterprise and last 
action of sir Humf rey Gilbert knight, faithfully, for so much as I 
thought meete to be published : wherein may alwaies appeare, 
(though he be extinguished) some sparkes of his vertues, he 
remaining firme and resolute in a purpose by all pretence honest 
and godly, as was this, to discover, possesse, and to reduce unto 
the service of God, and Christian pietie, those remote and 
heathen Countreys of America, not actually possessed by 
Christians, and most rightly appertaining unto the Crowne of 
England : unto the which, as his zeale deserveth high commen- 
dation : even so, he may justly be taxed of temeritie and pre- 
sumption (rather) in two respects. 

First, when yet there was onely probabiUtie, not a certaine 
and determinate place of habitation selected, neither any 
demonstration of commoditie there in esse, to induce his fol- 
lowers: nevertheles, he both .was too prodigall of his owne 
patrimony, and too careles of other mens expences, to imploy 
both his and their substance upon a groimd imagined good. 
The which falling, very Uke his associates were promised, and 
made it their best reckoning to bee salved some other way, 
which pleased not God to prosper in his first and great prep- 
aration. 

Secondly, when by his former preparation he was enfeebled 
of abiUtie and credit, to performe his designements, as it were 
impatient to abide in expectation better opportunitie and 
meanes, which God might raise, he thrust himselfe againe into 
the action, for which he was not fit, presuming the cause pre- 
tended on Gods behalfe, would carie him to the desired ende. 
Into which, having thus made reentrie, he could not yeeld 
againe to withdraw though hee sawe no encouragement to 
proceed, lest his credite, foyled in his first attempt, in a second 
should utterly be disgraced. Betweene extremities, hee made 
a right adventure, putting all to God and good fortune, and 



EAKLT ENGLISH VOYAGES 



[1CB3 



which was worst, refused not to entertaine every person and 
meanes whatsoever, to furnish out this expedition, the successe 
whereof hath bene declared. 

But such is the infinite bountie of God, who from every 
evill deriveth good. For besides that fruite may growe in 
time of our travelHng into those Northwest lands, the crosses, 
turmoiles, and afflictions, both in the preparation and execu- 
tion of this voyage, did correct the intemperate humors, which 
before we noted to bee in this Gentleman, and made unsavorie, 
and lesse delightful his other manifold vertues. 

Then as he was refined, and made neerer drawing unto the 
image of God : so it pleased the divine will to resume him unto 
himselfe, whitlier both his, and every other high and noble 
minde, have alwayes aspired. 



THE FIRST VOYAGE MADE TO THE COASTS 
OF AMERICA, 1584, BY CAPTAIN ARTHUR 
BARLOWE 



INTRODUCTION 

Sir Walter Ralegh, a native of Devon, studied at Oxford, 
but soon left the university to serve with the Huguenots in 
France, and later against Spain in the Low Countries. He 
was in command of the Falcon when, in 1578, his half-brother, 
Sir Humphrey Gilbert, sailed from England for the American 
coast on a voyage of discovery. Disaster befell the expedi- 
tion, and Gilbert was compelled to return without achieving 
his aim. Ralegh, however, who remained at sea, went in 
search of Spanish treasure-ships, and had a severe fight off 
the Cape Verde Islands. After his return, Ralegh assisted in 
putting down an insurrection in Ireland. He next furnished 
a vessel for Gilbert's ill-fated expedition of 1583. The disaster 
attending that expedition did not in the least lessen his ardor 
in western exploration and colonization. On March 25, 1584, 
he obtained a patent by which he was empowered to ^^ dis- 
cover, search, finde out and view such remote, heathen and 
barbarous lands, countreis, and territories, not actually pos- 
sessed of any Christian prince, nor inhabited by Christian 
people," the colonists ^'to have all the priviledge of Denizens, 
and persons native of England ... in such like ample maner 
and forme, as if they were borne and personally resident within 
our said Realme of England, any law, custome, or usage to the 
contrary notwithstanding." The text of this charter is given 
m Hakluyt, edition of 1903, VIII. 288-296, m Poore's Char- 
ters and Constitutions , and elsewhere. 

Two vessels were at once fitted out for preliminary explora- 
tion; and the following narrative, written by Captain Arthur 
Barlowe, master of one of the vessels, has come down to us in 
a report addressed to Sir Walter Ralegh. When this expedi- 
tion was in progress, Haklu3rt was writing his "particular dis- 

Q 226 



226 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES 

course concerning the great necessitie and manifolde comody- 
ties that are like to growe to this Reahne of Englande by the 
Westeme discoveries lately attempted." In the title of the 
"discourse," Hakluyt tells us it was written at the request of 
Sir Walter Ralegh. Several manuscript copies of this ''dis- 
course" were made by Hakluyt, but it was not printed imtil 
1877, when a manuscript copy, found in England by the late 
Dr. Leonard Woods, was published by the Maine Historical 
Society as the second volume of its Documentary Series, edited 
by the late Charles Deane, LL.D. It has also a place in 
Goldsmid's Hakluyt, U. 169-358. 

H. S« B* 



CAPTAIN ARTHUR BARLOWE'S NARRA- 
TIVE OF THE FIRST VOYAGE TO THE 
COASTS OF AMERICA 

The first voyage made to the coasts of America, vrUh two barks, 
wherein were Captaines M. Philip Amadas, and M. 
Arthur Barlowe, who discovered part of the Countrey now 
called Virginia Anno 1684. Written by one of the said 
Captaines, and sent to sir Walter Ralegh knight, at whose 
charge and direction, the said voyage was set forth. 

The 27 day of Aprill, in the yeere of our redemption 1584, 
we departed the West of England, with two barkes well fur- 
nished with men and victuals, having received our last and 
perfect directions by your letters, confirming the fonner in- 
structions, and commandements delivered by your selfe at our 
leaving the river of Thames. And I thinke it a matter both 
unnecessary, for the manifest discoverie of the Countrey, as 
also for tediousnesse sake, to remember imto you the diumall 
of our course, sayling thither and returning : onely I have pre- 
sumed to present unto you this briefe discourse, by which you 
may judge how profitable this land is likely to succeede, as 
well to your selfe, (by whose direction and charge, and by whose 
servantes this om* discoverie hath beene performed) as also to her 
Highnesse, and the Common wealth, in which we hope your 
wisedome wilbe satisfied, considering that as much by us hath 
bene brought to hght, as by those smal meanes, and nmnber of 
men we had, could any way have bene expected, or hoped for. 

The tenth of May we arrived at the Canaries, and the tenth 
of June in this present yeere, we were fallen vrtth the Islands 
of the West Indies, keeping a more Southeasterly course then 
was needefuU, because wee doubted that the current of the 
Bay of Mexico, disbogging betweene the Cape of Florida and 
Havana, had bene of greater force then aft^rwardes we foimd 
it to bee. At which Islands we foimd the ayre very unwhol- 

227 



228 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1684 

some, and our men grew for the most part ill disposed: so 
that having refreshed our selves with sweet water, and fresh 
victuall, we departed the twelfth day of our arrivall there. 
These Islands, with the rest adjojoiing, are so well knowen to 
your selfe, and to many others, as I will not trouble you with 
the remembrance of them. 

The second of July, we found shole water, wher we smelt so 
sweet, and so strong a smel, as if we had bene in the midst of 
some delicate garden abounding with all kinde of odoriferous 
flowers, by which we were assured, that the land could not be 
f arre distant : and keeping good watch, and bearing but slacke 
saile, the fourth of the same moneth we arrived upon the 
coast, which we supposed to be a continent and firme lande, 
and we sayled along the same a hundred and twentie EngUsh 
miles before we could finde any entrance, or river issuing into 
the Sea. The first ^ that appeared unto us, we entred, though 
not without some difficultie, and cast anker about three har- 
quebuz-shot within the havens mouth, on the left hand of the 
same: and after thankes given to God for our safe arrivall 
thither, we manned our boats, and went to view the land next 
adjo3ming, and to take possession of the same, in the right of 
the Queenes most excellent Majestic, as rightfull Queene, and 
Princesse of the same, and after delivered the same over to 
your use, according to her Majesties grant, and letters patents, 
under her Highnesse great seale.^ Which being performed, ac- 
cording to the ceremonies used in such enterprises, we viewed 
the land about us, being, whereas we first landed, very sandie 
and low towards the waters side, but so full of grapes, as the 
very beating and surge of the sea overflowed them, of which 
we found such plentie, as well there as in all places else, both 
on the sand and on the greene soile on the hils, as in the plaines, 
as well on every little shrubbe, as also climing towardes the 

' Identification of the inlet is difficult or impossible. The inlets which 
break the long sandy barrier of North Carolina are far from occupying the 
same places as those of three hundred years ago. 

* In the margin against this passage Hakluyt gives the date " July 13, 
possession taken." 



1684] THE VOYAGE OF AMADAS AND BARLOWE 229 

tops of high Cedars, that I thinke in all the world the like 
abundance is not to be found : and my selfe having seene those 
parts of Europe that most abound, find such difference as were 
incredible to be written. 

We passed from the Sea side towardes the toppes of those 
hilles next adjoyning, being but of meane higth, and from 
thence wee behelde the Sea on both sides to the North, and 
to the South, finding no ende any of both wayes. This lande 
lay stretching it selfe to the West, which after wee found to 
bee but an Island of twentie miles long, and not above sixe 
miles broade.* Under the banke or hill whereon we stoode, 
we behelde the vallyes replenished with goodly Cedar trees, 
and having discharged our harquebuz-shot, such a flocke of 
Cranes (the most part white) arose imder us, with such a cry 
redoubled by many ecchoes, as if an armie of men had showted 
all together. 

This Island had many goodly woodes full of Deere, Conies, 
Hares, and Fowle, even in the middest of Summer in incredible 
abundance. The woodes are not such as you finde in Bo- 
hemia, Moscovia, or Hercynia, barren and fruitles, but the 
highest and reddest Cedars of the world, farre bettering the 
Ceders of the AQores, of the Indies, or Lybanus, Pynes, C3T)res, 
Sassaphras, the Lentisk, or the tree that beareth the Masticke, 
the tree that beareth the rine of blacke Sinamon, of which 
Master Winter ' brought from the streights of Magellan, and 
many other of excellent smell and qualitie. We remained by 
the side of this Island two whole dayes before we saw any 
people of the Countrey: the third day we espied one small 
boate rowing towardes us having in it three persons : this boat 
came to the Island side, foiu^e harquebuz-shot from our shippes, 
and there two of the people remaining, the third came along 

* In the margin of the Relation are the words, "The Isle of Wokokon." 
TUs was one of the more southerly of the i8lan(i3 enclosing Pamlico Sound, 
as appears from the two contemporary charts made by John White, our 
best authorities on the cartography of the Ralegh voyages. Of these two 
charts, one is reproduced in the present volume; both, in the Hakluyt 
Society's Hakluyt, VIII. 320, 400. 

* John Winter, who was with Drake in his voyage round the world. 



230 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1684 

the shoreside towards us, and wee being then all withm boord, 
he walked up and downe upon the point of the land next unto 
us: then the Master and the Pilot of the Admirall, Simon 
Ferdipando/ and the Captaine PhiUp Amadas,^ my selfe, and 
others rowed to the land, whose comming this fellow attended, 
never making any shewe of feare or doubt. And after he had 
spoken of many things not understood by us, we brought h\m 
with his owne good liking, aboord the ships, and gave him a 
shirt, a hat and some other things, and made him taste of our 
wine, and our meat, which he liked very wel : and after having 
viewed both barks, he departed, and went to his owne boat 
againe, which hee had left in a Uttle Cove or Creeke adjoyning : 
assoone as hee was two bow shoot into the water, he fell to 
fishing, and in lesse then half e an houre, he had laden his boate 
as deepe, as it could swimme, with which hee came againe to 
the point of the lande, and there he divided his fish into two 
parts, pointing one part to the ship, and the other to the 
pinnesse ; which, after he had (as much as he might) requited 
the former benefites received, departed out of our sight. 

The next day there came imto us divers boates, and in one 
of them the Bangs brother, accompanied with fortie or fiftie 
men, very handsome and goodly people, and in their behaviour 
as mannerly and civill as any of Europe, His name was Gran- 
ganimeo,* and the king is called Wingina, the countrey Win- 
gandacoa^ and now by her Majestic Virginia.^ The maner of 

' In 1587 he was placed in charge of the three ships sent out by Sir 
Walter Ralegh to take the Roanoke colonists to Chesapeake Bay. A Span- 
iard by birth, he proved faithless, and the colony was left on Roanoke Island. 
Various hindrances prevented the sending of relief to the colonists, who later 
mingled with the natives, and finally were massacred at the instigation of 
Powhatan. See the ensuing narratives. 

' This statement discloses the fact that that " one of the said captaines " 
who wrote the narrative was Arthur Barlowe. 

* He remained faithful to the English, and died shortly after the arrival 
of the colony brought over by Sir Richard Grenville in 1585. 

* Not understanding the language of the natives, Bariowe and his com- 
panions could hardly be expected to escape blunders in their interpretation 
of what was said to them by the Indians. Wingandacoa signifies, " You wear 
fine clothes," a polite remark, which could hardly be applied to the country. 

* When Elizabeth, in commemoration of her maiden life, designated the 



1584] THE VOYAGE OF AMADAS AND BABLOWE 231 

his comming was in this sort : hee left his boates altogether 
as the first man did a little from the shippes by the shore, 
and came along to the place over against the ships, followed 
with fortie men. When he came to the place his servants 
spread a long matte upon the ground, on which he sate 
downe, and at the other ende of the matte foiu^e others of 
his companie did the like, the rest of his men stood roimd 
about hhn, somewhat a f arre off : when we came to the shore 
to him with our weapons, hee never mooved from his place, 
nor any of the other foure, nor never mistrusted any harme 
to be offred from us, but sitting still he beckoned us to 
come and sit by him, which we performed: and being set 
hee made all signes of joy and welcome, striking on his head 
and his breast, and af terwardes on ours, to shew wee were all 
one, smiling and making shewe the best he could of all love, 
and familiaritie. After hee had made a long speech xmto 
us, wee presented him with divers thmgs, which hee re- 
ceived very jojrfully, and thankefully. None of the com- 
panie durst speake one worde all the time: only the foure 
which were at the other ende, spake one in the others eare 
very softly. 

The King is greatly obeyed, and his brothers and children 
reverenced: the Bang himself e in person was at our being 
there, sore wounded in a fight which hee had with the King 
of the next countrey, called Wingina, and was shot in two 
places through the body, and once cleane through the thigh, 
but yet he recovered : by reason whereof and for that hee lay 
at the chiefe towne of the countrey, being sixe dayes journey 
off, we saw him not at all. 

After we had presented this his brother with such things as 
we thought he Uked, wee likewise gave somewhat to the other 
that satte with him on the matte : but presently he arose and 
tooke all from them and put it into his owne basket, making 
signes and tokens, that all things ought to bee delivered imto 

newly discovered land Virginia, she conferred upon Ralegh the honor of 
knighthood. On his new seal he placed the legend, '' Propria insignia Walteri 
Ralegh, militis, Domini et Gubernatoris Virginiae." 



232 EABLT ENGLISH VOYAGES [1684 

him, and the rest were but his servants, and followers. A day 
or two after this, we fell to trading with them, exchanging 
some things that we had, for Chamo)rs, Buflfe, and Deere 
skinnes : when we shewed him all our packet of merchandize, 
of all things that he sawe, a bright tinne dish most pleased him, 
which hee presently tooke up and clapt it before his breast, and 
after made a hole in the brimme thereof and hung it about his 
necke, making signes that it would defende him against his 
enemies arrowes: for those people maintaine a deadly and 
terrible warre, with the people and King adjojming. We ex- 
changed our tinne dish for twentie skinnes, woorth twentie 
Crownes, or twentie Nobles : and a copper kettle for fif tie skins 
woorth fif tie Crownes. They offered us good exchange for our 
hatchets, and axes, and for knives and would have given any 
thing for swordes : but wee would not depart with any. Af tCT 
two or three dayes the Kings brother came aboord the shippes, 
and dranke wine, and eat of our meat and of oiu* bread, and 
liked exceedingly thereof : and after a fewe days overpassed, 
he brought his wife with him to the ships, his daughter and 
two or three children: his wife was very well favom^ed, of 
meane stature, and very bashfull: shee had on her backe a 
long cloake of leather, with the fmre side next to her body, 
and before her a piece of the same : about her forehead shee 
had a bande of white CJorall, and so had her husband many 
times : in her eares shee had bracelets of pearles hanging downe 
to her middle, (whereof wee delivered your worship a httle 
bracelet) and those were of the bignes of good pease. The rest 
of her women of the better sort had pendants of copper hang- 
ing in either eare, and some of the children of the kings brother 
and other noble men, have five or sixe in either eare : he him- 
selfe had upon his head a broad plate of golde, or copper, for 
being unpohshed we knew not what mettall it should be, 
neither would he by any meanes suffer us to take it off his 
head, but feeling it, it would bow very easily. His apparell 
was as his wives, onely the women weare their haire long on 
both sides, and the men but on one. They are of colom* 
yellowish, and their hair black for the most part, and yet we 



16W] THE VOYAGE OP AMADA8 AND BARLOWE 2S3 

saw children that had very fine abume and chestnut coloured 
haire/ 

After that these women had bene there, there came downe 
from all parts great store of people, bringing with them leather, 
corall, divers kindes of dies, very excellent, and exchanged with 
us : but when Granganimeo the kings brother was present, none 
durst trade but himself e : except such as weare red pieces of 
copper on their heads like himself e : for that is the difference 
betweene the noble men, and the govemours of coimtreys, and 
the meaner sort. And we both noted there, and you have 
imderstood since by these men, which we brought home, that 
no people in the worlde cary more respect to their King, 
Nobilitie, and Govemours, then these doe. The Kings brothers 
wife, when she came to us (as she did many times) was followed 
with forty or fifty women alwayes: and when she came into 
the shippe, she left them all on land, saving her two daughters, 
her nurse and one or two more. The Kings brother alwayes 
kept this order, as many boates as he would come withall to 
the shippes, so many fires would hee make on the shore a farre 
off, to the end we might understand with what strength and 
company he approched. Their boates are made of one tree, 
either of Pine or of Pitch trees : a wood not commenly knowen 
to our people, nor found growing in England. They have no 
edge-tooles to make them withall ; if they have any they are 
very fewe, and those it seemes they had twentie yeres since, 
which, as those two men declared, was out of a wracke which 
happened upon their coast of some Christian ship, being beaten 
that way by some storme and outragious weather, whereof 
none of the people were saved, but only the ship, or some part 
of her being cast upon the sand, out of whose sides they drew 

' Hon. William Wirt Henry (Winsor's NarraHve and Critical History of 
America^ III. 110) says: "The phenomenon of auburn and chestnut-colored 
hair may be accounted for by the fact, related by the natives, that some years 
before a ship, manned by whites, had been wrecked on the coast ; and that 
some of the people had been saved, and had lived with them for several weeks 
before leaving in their boats, in which, however, they were lost. It was the 
descendants of these men, doubtless, who were found by the TCngliah having 
hair unlike the other Indians.'' 



234 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1684 

the nayles and the spikes, and with those they made their best 
instruments. The manner of making their boates is thus: 
they bmne downe some great tree, or take such as are winde 
fallen, and putting gumme and rosen upon one side thereof, 
they set fire into it, and when it hath burnt it hollow, they cut 
out the coale with their shels, and ever where they would 
biune it deeper or wider they lay on gununes, which bume 
away the timber, and by this meanes they fashion very fine 
boates, and such as will transport twentie men. Their oares 
are like scoopes, and many times they set with long poles, as 
the depth serveth. 

The Kings brother had great liking of oiu* armoiu*, a sword, 
and divers other things which we had: and offered to lay a 
great box of pearl in gage for them : but we refused it for this 
time, because we would not make them knowe, that we esteemed 
thereof, imtill we had imderstoode in what places of the coxm- 
trey the pearle grew : which now your Worshippe doeth very 
well imderstand. 

He was very just of his promise: for many times we 
delivered him merchandize upon his word, but ever he came 
within the day and performed his promise. He sent us every 
day a brase or two of fat Bucks, Conies, Hares, Fish the best 
of the world. He sent us divers kindes of fruites, Melons, 
Walnuts, Cucumbers, Gourdes, Pease, and divers rootes, and 
fruites very excellent good, and of their Countrey come, which 
is very white, faire and well tasted, and groweth three times in 
five moneths: in May they sow, in July they reape, in June 
they sow, in August they reape: in July they sow, in Sep- 
tember they reape : onely they cast the come into the ground, 
breaking a little of the soft turfe with a wodden mattock, or 
pickeaxe: our selves prooved the soile, and put some of our 
Pease in the ground, and in tenne dayes they were of fourteene 
ynches high : they have also Beanes very faire of divers coloiu"S 
and wonderf uU plentie : some growing naturally, and some in 
their gardens, and so have they wheat and oates. 

The soile is the most plentiful!, sweete, fmitfuU and whol- 
some of all the worlde : there were above fourteene severall 



16M] THE VOYAGE OP AMADAS AND BABLOWE 236 

sweete smelling timber trees, and the most part of their under- 
woods are Bayes and such like : they have those Okes that we 
have, but farre greater and better. After they had bene divers 
times aboord our shippes, my selfe, with seven more went 
twentie mile into the River, that runneth towarde the Citie 
of Skicoak,^ which River they call Occam: * and the evening 
following, wee came to an Island which they call Raonoak," 
distant from the harbour by which we enter^, seven leagues : 
and at the north end thereof was a village of nine houses, built 
of Cedar, and fortified round about with sharpe trees, to keepe 
out their enemies, and the entrance into it made like a tume 
pike very artificially; when wee came towardes it, standing 
neere xmto the waters side, the wife of Granganimeo the kings 
brother came running out to meete us very cheerefully and 
friendly, her husband was not then in the village: some of 
her people shee commanded to drawe our boate on shore for 
the beating of the billoe : others she appointed to cary us on 
their backes to the dry ground, and others to bring our oares 
into the house for feare of stealing. When we were come into 
the utter roome, having five roomes in her house, she caused 
us to sit downe by a great fire, and after tooke off our clothes 
and washed them, and dryed them againe: some of the 
women plucked off our stockings and washed them, some 
washed our feete in warme water, and shee her selfe tooke 
great paines to see all thinges ordered in the best maner 
shee could, making great haste to dress some meate for us 
to eate. 

After we had thus dryed ourselves, she brought us into the 
inner roome, where shee set on the boord standing along the 
house, some wheate like furmentie, sodden Venison, and roasted, 
fish sodden, boyled and roasted. Melons rawe, and sodden, 

* Shown on White's charts as about where Portsmouth, Virgmia, now is. 

' Probably the north part of Pamlico Sound, plus Currituck Sound. 

' A corruption, it may be, of the Indian name Ohanoak. The margin 
has '' Roanoak/' which is on subsequent pages the prevailing spelling. 
Roanoke Island, and the remains of English colonization there, are de- 
scribed by Mr. Talcott Williams in the Annual Report of the American 
Historical Association for 1895, pp. 57-61. 



236 EABLT ENGLISH VOYAGES [1684 

rootes of divers kindes and divers fruites: their drinke is 
commonly water, but while the grape lasteth, they drinke 
wine, and for want of caskes to keepe it, all the yere after they 
drink water, but it is sodden with Ginger in it, and black Sina- 
mon, and sometimes Sassaphras, and divers others wholesome, 
and medicinable hearbes and trees. We were entertained with 
all love and kindnesse, and with as much bountie (after their 
maner) as they could possibly devise. We found the people 
most gentle, loving, and faithf uU, voide of all guile and treason, 
and such as live after the maner of the golden age. The people 
onely care howe to defende them selves from the cold in their 
short winter, and to feed themselves with such meat as the 
soile affoordeth: there meat is very well sodden and they 
make broth very sweet and savorie : their vessels are earthen 
pots, very large, white and sweete, their dishes are wodden 
platters of sweet timber: within the place where they feede 
was their lodging, and within that their IdoU, which they 
worship, of whome they speake incredible things. While we 
were at meate, there came in at the gates two or three men 
with their bowes and arrowes from hunting, whom when wee 
espied, we beganne to looke one towardes another, and offered 
to reach our weapons: but assoone as shee espied our mis- 
trust, shee was very much mooved, and caused some of her 
men to runne out, and take away their bowes and arrowes and 
breake them, and withall beate the poore fellowes out of the 
gate againe. When we departed in the evening and would 
not tary all night she was very sory, and gave us into our 
boate our supper halfe dressed, pottes and all, and brought us 
to our boate side, in which wee lay all night, remooving the 
same a prettie distance from the shoare : shee perceiving our 
jelousie, was much grieved, and sent divers men and thirtie 
women, to sit all night on the banke side by us, and sent us 
into our boates five mattes to cover us from the raine, using 
very many wordes to entreate us to rest in their houses : but 
because wee were fewe men, and if wee had miscaried, the 
voyage had bene in very great danger, wee durst not adven- 
ture any thing, although there was no cause of doubt : for a 



1684] THE VOYAGE OF AMADAS AND BABLOWE 237 

more kinde and loving people there can not be found in the 
worlde, as farre as we have hitherto had triall. 

Beyond this Island there is the maine lande, and over 
against this Island falleth into this spacious water, the great 
river called Occam by the inhabitants on which standeth a 
towne called Pomeiock/ and sixe dayes journey from the same 
is situate their greatest citie, called Skicoak, which this people 
aflSrme to be very greate : but the Savages were never at it, 
only they speake of it by the report of their fathers and other 
men, whom they have heard aflSnne it to bee above one houres 
journey about. 

Into this river falleth another great river, called Cipo, in 
which there is found great store of Muskles in which there are 
pearles: Ukewise there descendeth into this Occam, another 
river, called Nomopana, on the one side whereof standeth a 
great towne called Chawanook,* and the Lord of that towne 
and countrey is called Pooneno : this Pooneno is not subject 
to the king of Wingandacoa, but is a free Lord : beyond this 
country is there another king, whom they cal Menatonon, 
and these three kings are in league with each other. Towards 
the Southwest, foure dayes journey is situate a towne called 
Sequotan,' which is the Southermost towne of Wingandacoa, 
neere unto which, sixe and twentie yeres past there was a 
ship cast away, whereof some of the people were saved, and 
those were white people, whom the countrey people pre- 
served. 

And after ten dayes remaining in an out Island xm- 
habited, called Wocokon,* they with the help of some of the 
dwellers of Sequotan, fastened two boates of the countrey 

* On White's two charts (see that reproduced in this volume), Pomeyooc 
stands back from the sound, west of the present site of £2ngelhard, N.C. 

' It is probable that the name Occam is extended to cover Albemarle 
Sound. Cipo may be the Alligator River. Nomopana is the Chowan. 
White's two charts show Chawanoac or Chawanooc as occupying a site well 
up that river. 

' Shown on White's charts as occupying a position on the south side of 
the Pamlico River, apparently near Blount Bay. 

' See p. 229, note 1. 



238 EABLY ENGLISH VOTAQES [1684 

together and made mastes unto them and sailes of their shhi;es, 
and having taken into them such victuals as the coimtrey 
yeelded, they departed after they had remained in this out 
Island 3 weekes: but shortly after it seemed they were cast 
away, for the boates were foimd upon the coast, cast a land 
in another Island adjoyning : other then these, there was never 
any people apparelled, or white of colour, either seene or heard 
of amongst these people, and these aforesaid were seene onely 
of the inhabitantes of Secotan, which appeared to be very true, 
for they wondred marvelously when we were amongst them at 
the whitenes of our skins, ever coveting to touch oiu* breasts, 
and to view the same. Besides they had our ships in mar- 
velous admiration, and all things els were so strange imto 
them, as it appeared that none of them had ever seene the like. 
When we discharged any piece, were it but an hargubuz, they 
would tremble thereat for very f eare, and for the strangenesse 
of the same : for the weapons which themselves use are bowes 
and arrowes : the arrowes are but of small canes, headed with 
a sharpe shell or tooth of a fish sufficient ynough to kill a naked 
man. Their swordes be of wood hardened : hkewise they use 
wooden breastplates for their defence. They have besides a 
kinde of club, in the end whereof they fasten the sharpe homes 
of a stagge, or other beast. When they goe to wanes they 
cary about with them their idol, of whom they aske counsel, 
as the Romans were woont of the Oracle of Apollo. They 
sing songs as they march towardes the battell in stead of 
drummes and trumpets: their wanes are very cruell and 
bloody, by reason whereof, and of their civill dissentions which 
have happened of late yeeres amongst them, the people are 
marvelously wasted, and in some places the countrey left 
desolate. 

Adjoyning to this countrey aforesaid called Secotan be- 
ginneth a countrey called Pomooik,^ belonging to another king 
whom they call Piamacum, and this king is in league with the 

* In the margin an alternative form is given: "Or Pananuaioc," which 
name is found on the De Bry map, " Auctore Joanne With," reproduced in 
Winsor's America, III. 125. 



1684] THE VOYAGE OP AMADAS AND BABLOWE 239 

next king adjoyning towards the setting of the Sunne, and the 
countrey Newsiok, situate upon a goodly river called Neus : * 
these kings have mortall wane with Wingina king of Wingan- 
dacoa: but about two yeeres past there was a peace made 
betweene the King Piemacum, and the Lord of Secotan, as 
these men which we have brought with us to England, have 
given us to understand : but there remaineth a mortall malice 
in the Secotanes, for many injuries and slaughters done upon 
them by this Piemacum. They invited divers men, and thirtie 
women of the best of his countrey to their towne to a feast : 
and when they were altogether merry, and praying before their 
Idol, (which is nothing els but a meer illusion of the devill) 
the captaine or Lord of the town came suddenly upon them, 
and slewe them every one, reserving the women and children : 
and these two have oftentimes since perswaded us to surprize 
Piemacum his towne, having promised and assured us, that 
there will be found in it great store of commodities. But 
whether their perswasion be to the ende they may be revenged 
of their enemies, or for the love they beare to us, we leave that 
to the tryall hereafter. 

Beyond this Island called Roanoak, are maine Islands very 
plentifull of fruits and other naturall increases, together with 
many townes, and villages, along the side of the continent, 
some bounding upon the Islands, and some stretching up 
further into the land. 

When we first had sight of this countrey, some thought the 
first land we saw to bee the continent; but after we entred 
into the Haven, we saw before us another mighty long Sea: 
for there lyeth along the coast a tracte of Islands, two hxm- 
dreth miles in length, adjoyning to the Ocean sea, and be- 
tweene the Islands, two or three entrances: when you are 
entred betweene them (these Islands being very narrow for 
the most part, as in most places sixe miles broad, in some 
places lesse, in fewe more) then there appeareth another great 

• 

* Neuse. On White's chart Newasiwac occupies a position on the south 
side of the estuary of that river, near the sound. 



240 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [166# 

Sea, containing in bredth in some places, forty, and in some 
fifty, in some twenty miles over, before you come xmto the 
continent: and in this inclosed Sea there are above an him- 
dreth Islands of divers bignesses, whereof one is sixteene miles 
long,^ at which we were, finding it a most pleasant and fertUe 
ground, replenished with goodly Cedars, and divers other 
sweete woods, full of Corrants, of flaxe, and many other 
notable commodities, which we at that time had no leasure to 
view. Besides this Island there are many, as I have sayd, 
some of two, or three, of foure, of five miles, some more, some 
lesse, most beautifull and pleasant to behold, replenished with 
Deere, Conies, Hares, and divers beasts, and about them the 
goodliest and best fish in the world, and in greatest abun- 
dance. 

Thus Sir, we have acquainted you with the particulars of 
our discovery made this present voyage, as f arre f oorth as the 
ahortnesse of the time we there continued would affoord us to 
takevieweof: and so contenting our selves with this service at 
this time, which wee hope hereafter to inlarge, as occasion and 
assistance shalbe given, we resolved to leave the countrey, and 
to apply ourselves to retume for England, which we did ac- 
cordingly, and arrived safely in the Wegt of England about 
the middest of September. 

And whereas wee have above certified you of the coimtrey 
taken in possession by us, to her Majesties use, and so to yours 
by her Majesties grant, wee thought good for the better as- 
surance thereof to record some of the particular Gentlemen, 
and men of accompt, who then were present, as witnesses of 
the same, that thereby all occasion of cavill to the title of the 
countrey, in her Majesties behalf e may be prevented, which 
otherwise, such as like not the action may use and pretend, 
whose names are : 

Master Philip Amadas, 1 p .. 
Master Arthur Barlow, J ^ 

* Roanoke Island is now about twelve miles long and three broad. 



1684] THE VOYAGE OF AMADAS AND BABLOWE 241 



William Greenevile, ' 
John Wood, 
James Browewich, 
Hemy Greene, 
Benjamin Wood, 
Simon Ferdinando, 
Nicholas Petman, 
John Hewes, 



Of the companie. 



We brought home also two of the Savages being lustie men, 
whose names were Wanchese and Manteo.* 



^ Manteo was a native of Croatoan (Hakluyt, edition of 1903, VIII. 418). 
He returned with Sir Richard Grenville in 1585 (Haklujrt, VHI. 315), and so 
probably did Wanchese. August 13, 1587, by order of Sir Walter Rale^i 
Manteo ''was christened at Roanoak,and called Lord thereof and of Dasi^ 
monguepeuk, in reward of his faithfull services." Hakluyt, VIII. 397, and 
p. 293, post. 



ACCOUNT OF THE PARTICULARITIES OF 
THE IMPLOYMENTS OF THE ENGLISH- 
MEN LEFT IN VIRGINIA, 1 585-1 586, BY 
MASTER RALPH LANE 



INTRODUCTION 

Encouraged by Barlowe's report, Ralegh at once com- 
menced preparations for sending out a colony to Virginia. 
Seven vessels were made ready, and the expedition sailed from 
Plymouth, April 9, 1585, imder the command of Ralegh's 
cousin, Sir Richard Grenville. Grenville was bom in the west 
of England about 1541. In early life he served in the imperial 
army in Hungary. Returning to England, he received an ap- 
pointment to a command in Ireland. In 1571 he entered 
Parliament. By reason of his relationship to Ralegh, doubt- 
less, he became interested in western colonization. In 1684 
he aided in sending Amadas and Barlowe to the American 
coast. In 1591, as vice-admiral, in the Revenge, he encountered 
a large Spanish fleet ofif the Azores ; and early in the imequal 
action, having been severely woimded, he was taken on board 
a Spanish vessel, where, three days after, he died. Ralph Lane, 
who was in charge of the colonists conveyed by Grenville to 
America, was in a government position in Ireland when he 
received his appointment, and was relieved ''in consideration 
of his ready imdertaking the Voyage to Virginia for Sir Walter 
Ralegh at her majesty's commandment.'* He was ''a project- 
ing man," and was knighted in 1593 for valued services. Cap- 
tain Philip Amadas, master of one of the two vessels sent to 
America in 1584, was Lane's deputy. In Hakluyt, VIII. 310- 
318, there is a relation of Grenville's voyage of 1585, also a 
list containing ^'the names of those, as well Gentlemen as 
others, that remained one whole yeere in Virginia, under the 
Govemement of Master Ralph Lane." 



246 



LANE'S ACCOUNT OF THE ENGLISHMEN 

LEFT IN VIRGINIA 

An aeeounl of the particykaritiea of the imploymenta of the English 
men left in Virginia iy Richard GreenemU uni/&r the 
€harge of Master Ralph Lane GeneraU of the same, 
from the 17. of August 1086, untU the 18. of June 1586} 
at which time they departed the Countrey; sent and 
directed to Sir Walter Ralegh. 

That I may proceede with order in this discourse, I ihinke 
it requisite to divide it into two parts. The first shall declare 
the particularities of such partes of the Country within the 
maine, as our weake number, and supply of things necessarie 
did inable us to enter into tiie discovery of. 

The second part shaU set downe the reasons generally 
moving us to resolve on our departure at the instant mOx the 
GeneraU Sir Francis Drake, and our common request for 
passage with him, when the barkes, pinnesses, and boates with 
the Masters and Mariners meant by him to bee left in the 
Oountrey, for the supply of such, as for a further time meant 
to have stajred there, were caryed away with tempest and 
foule weather: In the b^iiming whereof shaU bee declared 
the conspiracie of Pemisapan, with the Savages of the maine 
to have cut us off, &c. 

The first part declaring the particularities of the Countrey of 

Virginia. 

First therefore touching the particularities of the Countrey, 
jrou shall understand that our discoverie of the same hath 

^ ffir Richard Grenville's fleet came to anchor June 26 at Woookon, 
which is marked on' John White's charts, Haklujrt, VIII. 320 and 400 (see 
above, p. 229, note 1), as a town on the island north of what is now known 

240 



1686] THE ENGLISHMEN LEFT IN VIEGINIA 247 

beene extended from the Hand of Roanoak, (the same havmg 
bene the place of our settlement or mhabitation) mto the 
South, into the North, into the Northwest, and into the 
West. 

The uttermost place to the Southward of any discovery was 
Secotan,* being by estimation fourescore miles distant from 
Roanoak. The passage from thence was through a broad 
sound within the mayne, the same being without kenning of 
lande, and yet full of flats and shoalds : we had but one boate 
with four oares to passe through the same, which boate could 
not carry above fif teene men with their fmniture, baggage, and 
victuall for seven dayes at the most : and as for our pinnesse, 
besides that she drew too deep water for that shallow sound, 
she would not stirre for an oare : for these and other reasons 
(winter also being at hand) we thought good wholly to leeve 
the discovery of those parts imtill our stronger supply. 

To the Northward our furthest discovery was to the Chese- 
pians ^ distant from Roanoak about 130. miles, the passage to 
it was very shallow and most dangerous, by reason of the 
bredth of the soimd, and the little succour that upon any flawe 
was there to be had. 

But the Territorie and soyle of the Chesepians (being dis- 
tant fif teene miles from the shoare) was for pleasantnes of seate, 
for temperature of Climate, for fertihtie of soyle and for the 
commoditie of the Sea, besides multitude of Beares (being an 
excellent good victuall) with great woods of Sassafras, and 
Wallnut trees, is not to be excelled by any other whatsoever. 

There be simdry Kings, whom they call Weroances, and 
Coimtreys of great fertility adjoyning to the same, as the Man- 
as Ocracoke Inlet. July 11 he crossed the southern part of Pamlico Sound, 
and visited the Indian towns, Pomeiok, Aquascogoc, and Secotan. Later 
he landed one hundred and seven colonists at Roanoke Island under Lane, 
and August 25 he set sail on the return voyage to England. 

^ Sequotan in Barlowe's narrative. A drawing representing it, by White, 
is reproduced in the recent edition of Haklu3rt, VIII. 336. Many of the 
drawings made by John White, the artist of this expedition, are still pre- 
served in the British Museimi. 

' Indians living on Chesapeake Bay. Their town is mentioned in a mar- 
ginal note as Chesepiook. 



MS XABLY KNaUSH VOTAQES [IfHi 

doageSy Tripanicks, and OpoflEoaiis, windi all came to viate 
the Golonie of the Engliah, which I had for a time appointed 
to be randent there. 

To the Northwest the farthest place of our discovery was 
to Ghawanook distant from Roanoak about 130 miles. Our 
passage thither lyeth through a broad sound/ but all fresh 
water, and the chanell of a great depth, navigable for good 
shipping, but out of the chanell full of shoalds. 

The Townes about the waters side situated by the way are 
these following : Passaquenoke The womans Towne, Chepano<^ 
Weapomdok, Muscamunge,' and Metackwem : all these being! 
under the jmrisdiction of the king of Weopomeiok, called 
Okisco: from Muscamunge we enter into the Biver/ and juris- 
diction of Ghawanook : There the Biver b^inneth to straigh 
until it come to Ghawanook, and then groweth to be as 
as the Thames betweene Westminster and Lambeth. 

Betwene Muscamunge and Ghawanook upon the left hand 
as wee passe thither, is a goodly high land, and there is 
Towne which we called The blinde Towne, but the Sa 
called it Ohanoak,^ and hath a very goodly come field bebi 
ing unto it : it is subject to Ghawanook. 

Ghawanook it selfe is the greatest Province and Seigniorie 
lying upon that River, and the very Towne it selfe is able to 
put 700. fighting men into the fielde, besides the force of thej 
Province it selfe. ^ 

The King of the sayd Province is called Menatonon, a man,- 
impotent in his lims, but otherwise for a Savage, a very grave 
and wise man, and of a very singular good discourse in matters 
concerning the state, not onely of his owne Countrey, and the 
disposition of his owne men, but also of his neighbours round 
about him as well farre as neere, and of the commodities that 
cache Gountrey yeeldeth. When I had him prisoner with me. 

* Albemarle Sound. • ^ 

' On White's charts Weapemeoc and Masoomenge are placed abou' 
where Edenton now stands. On the De Bry map Pasquenoke and Qiepa ' 
nmn stand farther east, on the north side of the somid. 

■ Chowan River. 

« Ohaunoock i^peais on the De Bry map. 



1686] THE ENGLISHMEN LEFT IN VIRGINIA 249 

for two dayes that we were together, he gave mee more under- 
standing and light of the Countrey then I had received by all 
the searches and Savages that before I or any of my companie 
had had conference with: it was in March last past 1586. 
Amongst other things he tolde me, that going three dayes 
journey in a Canoa up his River of Chawanook, and then 
descending to the land, you are within foure dayes journey to 
passe over land Northeast to a certaine Kings coimtrey, whose 
Province lyeth upon the Sea, but his place of greatest strength 
is an Island ^ situate, as he described imto mee, in a Bay, the 
water roimd about the Island very deepe. 

Out of this Bay hee signified unto mee, that this King had 
so greate quantitie of Pearle, and doeth so ordinarily take the 
same, as that not onely his owne skinnes that hee weareth, 
and the better sort of his gentlemen and followers are full set 
with the sayd Pearle, but also his beds, and houses are gar- 
nished with them, and that hee hath such quantitie of them, 
that it is a wonder to see. 

He shewed me that the sayd King was with him at Chawa- 
nook two yeeres before, and brought him certaine Pearle, but 
the same of the worst sort, yet was he faine to buy them of 
him for copper at a deere rate, as he thought. Hee gave mee 
a rope of the same pearle, but they were blacke, and naught, 
yet many of them were very great, and a few amongst a num- 
ber very orient and roimd, all which I lost with other things 
of mine, comming aboord Sir Francis Drake his Fleete;* yet 
he tolde me that the sayd King had great store of Pearle that 
were white, great, and round, and that his blacke Pearle his 

^ Identified by some as Craney Island in Chesapeake Bay. 

' Sir Francis Drake left England in September, 15S5ybearing4t commission 
from the queen ; and the Spanish settlements and shipping in the New World 
suffered not a little at his hands. " In his prosperous retume from the sack- 
ing of Sant Domingo, Cartagena, and Saint Augustine/' Drake determined 
to visit his countrymen at Roanoke Island. He arrived off the English 
settlement Jime 8, 1586. As supplies promised by Easter had not then been 
received, the colonists devised several plans for relief after Drake's arrival ; 
but these failing, they availed themselves of the opportunity afforded by 
Drake's presence on the coast, and made their way back to England in his 
ships. 



260 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1686 

men did take out of shallow water, but the white Pearle his 
men fished for in very deepe water. 

It seemed to me by his speach, that the sayd King had 
traffique with white men that had clothes as we have, for these 
white Pearle, and that was the reason that hee would not depart 
with other then with blacke Pearles, to those of the same 
countrey. 

The king of Chawanook promised to give me guids to go 
over land into that kings coimtrey whensoever I would : but 
he advised me to take good store of men with me, and good 
store of victuall, for he said, that king would be loth to suffer 
any strangers to enter into his Coimtrey, and especially to 
m^dle with the fishing for any Pearle there, and that hee was 
able to make a great many of men into the field, which he 
sayd would fight very well. 

Hereupon I resolved with my self e, that if your supplie had 
come before the ende of Aprill, and that you had sent any store 
of boates or men, to have had them made in any reasonable 
time, with a sufficient nimiber of men and victuals to have 
found us untill the newe come were come in, I would have 
sent a small barke with two pinnesses about by Sea to the 
Northward to have found out the Bay he spake of, and to 
have sounded the barre if there were any, which should have 
ridden there in the sayd Bay about that Iland, while I with 
all the small boates I could make, and with two hundred men 
would have gone up to the head of the river of Chawanook 
with the guids that Menatonon would have given me, which I 
would have bene assured should have beene of his best men, 
(for I had his best beloved sonne prisoner with me) who also 
should have kept me companie in an handlocke with the rest, 
foote by foote, all the voyage over land. 

My meaning was further at the head of the River in the 
place of my descent where I would have left my boates, to 
have raised a sconse with a small trench, and a pallisado upon 
the top of it, in the which, and in the guard of my boates I 
would have left five and twentie, or thirtie men, with the rest 
would I have marched with as much victuall as every man 



1586] THE ENGLISHMEN LEFT IN VEBGINLA. 261 

could have caried, with theu* furniture, mattocks, spades and 
axes, two dayes journey. In the ende of my march upon some 
convenient plot would I have raised another sconse according 
to the former, where I would have left fif teene or twentie. And 
if it would have fallen out conveniently, in the way I would 
have raised my saide sconse upon some Come fielde, that my 
company might have lived upon it. 

And so I would have holden this com^ of insconsing every 
two dayes march, imtill I had bene arrived at the Bay or Port 
hee spake of: which finding to bee worth the possession, I 
would there have raised a maine fort, both for the defence of 
the harborough, and our shipping also, and would have re- 
duced our whole habitation from Roanoak and from the har- 
borough and port there (which by proofe is very naught) unto 
this other beforementioned, from whence, in the foure dayes 
march before specified, could I at al times retume with my 
company back imto my boates riding imder my sconse, very 
neere whereunto directly from the West runneth a most 
notable River, and in all those parts most famous, called the 
River of Moratoc* This River openeth into the broad Soimd 
of Weapomeiok.* And whereas the River of Chawanook, and 
all the other Soimds, and Bayes, salt and fresh, shewe no 
current in the world in calme weather, but are mooved alto- 
gether with the winde : This River of Moratoc hath so violent 
a current from the West and Southwest, that it made me 
almost of opinion that with oares it would scarse be navigable : 
it passeth with many creekes and turnings, and for the space 
of thirtie miles rowing, and more, it is as broad as the Thames 
betwixt Green-wich and the Isle of dogges, in some place 
more, and in some lesse : the current runneth as strong, being 
entred so high into the River, as at London bridge upon a vale 
water. 

And for that not onely Menatonon, but also the Savages of 
Moratoc themselves doe report strange things of the head of 
that River, and that from Moratoc it selfe which is a princi- 

pall Towne upon that River, it is thirtie dayes as some of them 

ft 

^ Roanoke River. * Albemarle Sound. 



2S2 EABLT SKQUSH VOTAGES [U86 

say, and some say fourtie dayes voyage to the head thereof, 
^iviiich head they say springeth out of a maine rocke in that 
abundance, that forthwith it maketh a most violent streame : 
and further, that this huge rock standeth so neere imto a Sea, 
that many times in stormes (the winde comming outwardly 
from the sea) the waves thereof are beaten into the said fresh 
streame, so tiiat the fresh water for a certaine space, groweth 
salt and brackish : I tooke a resolution with my self e, having 
dismissed Menatonon upon a ransome agreed for, and sent his 
Sonne into the Pinnesse to Roanoak, to enter presently so f arre 
into that Biver with two double whirries, and fourtie persons 
one or other, as I could have victuall to cary us, until we 
ootdd meete with more either of the Moratoks, or of the Man- 
goaks, which is another kinde of Savages, dwelling more to 
the Westward of the said Biver : but the hope of recovering 
more victuall from the Savages made mee and my company 
as narrowly to escape starving in that discoverie before our 
retume, as ever men did, that missed the same. 

For Pemisapan, who had changed his name of Wingina 
upon the death of his brother Granganimo, had given both 
the Choanists, and Mangoaks worde of my purpose towarde 
them, I having bene inf orced to make him privie to the same, to 
bee served by him of a guide to the Mangoaks, and yet hee did 
never rest to solicite continually my going upon them, certify- 
ing mee of a generall assembly even at that time made by 
Menatonon at Chawanook of all his Weroances, and allies to 
the nimiber of three thousand bowes, preparing to come upon 
us at Roanoak, and that the Mangoaks also were joyned in 
the same confederacie, who were able of themselves to bring 
as many more to the enterprise : And true it was that ^t that 
time the assembly was holden at Chawanook about us, as I 
found at my comming thither, which being unlooked for did so 
dismay them, as it made us have the better hand at them. 
But this confederacie against us of the Choanists and Mangoaks 
was altogether and wholly procured by Pemisapan himselfe, 
as Menatonon confessed unto me, who sent them continual 
word, that our piupose was fully bent to destroy them : on 



1686] THE ENGLISHMEN LEFT IN VIRGINIA 253 

the other side he told me, that they had the like meaning 
towards us. 

Hee in like sort having sent worde to the Mangoaks of mine 
intention to passe up into their River, and to kill them (as he 
saide) both they and the Moratoks, with whom before wee 
were entred into a league, and they had ever dealt kindly with 
us, abandoned their Townes along the River, and retired them- 
selves with their Crenepos,^ and their Come within the maine: 
insomuch as having passed three dayes voyage up the River, 
wee could not meete a man, nor finde a graine of Come in any 
of their Townes: whereupon considering with my selfe that 
wee had but two dayes victuall left, and that wee were then 
160. miles from home, besides casualtie of contrarie windes or 
stormes, and suspecting treason of our owne Savages in the 
disco verie of oiu* voyage intended, though wee had no intention 
to bee hurtfull to any of them, otherwise then for our copper 
to have had come of them : I at night upon the Corps of guard, 
before the putting foorth of Centinels, advertised the whole 
company of the case wee stoode in for victuall, and of mine 
opinion that we were betrayed by our owne Savages, and of 
purpose drawen foorth by them upon vaine hope to be in the 
ende starved, seeing all the Countrey fled before us, and there- 
fore while wee had those two dayes victual left, I thought it 
good for us to make our returne homeward, and that it were 
necessary for us to get the other side of the Sound of Weopo- 
meiok in time, where wee might be relieved upon the weares 
of Chjrpanum, and the womens Towne, although the people 
were fled. 

Thus much I signified imto them, as the safest way : never- 
thelesse I did referre it to the greatest number of voyces, 
whether wee should adventure the spending of oiu* whole 
victuall in some further viewe of that most goodly River in 
hope to meete with some better happe, or otherwise to retire 
our selves backe againe. And for that they might be the better 
advised, I willed them to deliberate all night upon the matter, 

* Women. 



85i EABLY EHOLISH YOYAQES pm 

m 

and in the morning at our going aborde to set our course ac- 
cording to the desires of the greatest part. Their resolution 
fully and wholy was (and not three founde to bee of the 
contrary opinion) that whiles there was lefte but one halfe 
pinte of Gome for a man, wee should not leave the search of 
that River, and that there were in the companie two Mastives, 
upon the pottage of which with Sassafras leaves (if the worst 
fell out) the company would make shift to live two dayes, 
windi time would bring them downe the current to the mouth 
of the River, and to the entrie of the Sound, and in two dayes 
more at the farthest they hoped to crosse the Soimd and to 
bee relieved by the weares, which two dayes they would fast 
rather then be drawen backe a foote till they had scene the 
Mangoaks, either as friendes or foes. This resolution of theirs 
did not a little please mee, since it came of themselves, al- 
though for mistrust of that which afterwards did happen, I 
pretended to have bene rather of the contrary opinion. 

And that which made me most desirous to have some 
doings with the Mangoaks either in friendship or otherwise to 
have had one or two of them prisoners, was, for that it is a 
thing most notorious to all the coimtrey, tiiat there is a Province 
to the which the said Mangoaks have recourse and trafique up 
that River of Moratoc, which hath a marvellous and most 
strange Minerall. This Mine is so notorious amongst them, 
as not onely to the Savages dwelling up the said river, and 
also to the Savages of Chawanook, and all them to the West- 
ward, but also to all them of the maine : the Coimtreis name 
is of fame, and is called Chaunis Temoatan. 

The Minerall they say is Wassador, which is copper, but 
they call by the name of Wassador every mettall whatsoever : 
they say it is of the colour of our copper, but our copper is 
better than theirs : and the reason is for that it is redder and 
harder, whereas that of Chaunis Temoatan is very soft, and 
pale : they say that they take the saide mettall out of a river 
that falleth very swift from hie rockes and hils, and they take 
it in shallow water : the maner is this. They take «i great 
bowle by their description as great as one of oiu: targets, and 



1686] THE ENGLISHMEN LEFT IN VIEQINLA. 266 

wrappe a skinne over the hollow parte thereof, leaving one part 
open to receive in the minerall: that done, they watch the 
comming downe of the current, and the change of the colour 
of the water, and then suddenly chop downe the said bowle 
with the skinne, and receive into the same as much oare as 
will come in, which is ever as much as their bowle will holde, 
which presently they cast into a fire, and f oorthwith it melteth, 
and doeth yeelde in five parts at the first melting, two parts of 
mettall for three partes of oare. Of this mettall the Mangoaks 
have so great store, by report of all the Savages adjoyning, 
that they beautify their houses with greate plates of the same : 
and this to be true, I received by report of all the countrey, 
and particularly by yong Skiko, the King of Chawanooks sonne 
of my prisoner, who also*him selfe had bene prisoner with the 
Mangoaks, and set downe all the particularities to me before 
mentioned : but hee had not bene at Chawnis Temoatan him- 
selfe : for hee said it was twentie dayes journey overland from 
the Mangoaks, to the said Mineral Countrey, and that they 
passed through certaine other territories betweene them and 
the Mangoaks, before they came to the said Coimtrey.* 

Upon report of the premisses, which I was very inquisitive 
in all places where I came to take very particular information 
of by all the Savages that dwelt towardes these parts, and 
especially of Menatonon himself e, who in every thing did very 
particularly informe mee, and promised me guides of his owne 
men, who should passe over with me, even to the said Coimtry 
of Chaunis Temoatan (for overland from Chawanook to the 
Mangoaks is but one dayes journey from Sunne rising to Smme 
setting, whereas by water it is seven dayes with the soonest) : 
These things, I say, made me very desirous by all meanes 
possible to recover the Mangoaks, and to get some of that 
their copper for an assay, and therefore I willingly yeelded to 
their resolution : But it fell out very contrary to all expecta- 
tion, and likelyhood: for after two dayes travell, and our 
whole victuall spent, lying on shoare all night, wee could never 

^ It is probable that these reports had reference to the gold of the 
southern Appalachians. 



2G6 KABLT ENGLISH Y0TA6ES [UK 

see man, onely fires we mi^t perceive made alongst the shoare 
where we were to passe, and up into the Countrev, untill the 
veiy last day. In the evening whereof, about three of the 
docke wee heard oertaine Savages call as we thought, Manteo, 
wiio was also at that time with me in the boat, whereof we aD 
bdng very glad, hoping of some friendly conference with th^n, 
and making him to answere them, they presently b^gan a 
song, as we thought, in token of our welcome to them : but 
Hanteo presently betooke him to his piece, and tolde mee that 
they meant to fight with us: which worde was not so soone 
spoken by him,and the light horseman ^ ready to put to shoare, 
but there lighted a voUie of their arrowes amongst them in the 
boat, but did no hurt (God be thanked) to any man. Im- 
mediatly, the other boate lying ready with their shot to 
skoure the place for our hand weapons to lande upon, which 
was presently done, although the land was very high and 
steepe, the Savages forthwith quitted the shoare, and betooke 
themselves to flight: wee landed, and having faire and ea^y 
followed for a smal time after them, who had wooded them- 
selves we know not where : the Sunne drawing then towards 
the setting, and being then assured that the next day if wee 
would pursue them, though we might happen to meete with 
them, yet wee should be assured to meete with none of their 
victual], which we then had good cause to thinke of : therefore 
choosing for the company a convenient ground in safetie to 
lodge in for the night, making a strong Corps of guard, and 
putting out good Centinels, I determined the next morning 
before the rising of the Sunne to be going back againe, if 
possibly we might recover the mouth of the river, into the 
broad sound, which at mv first motion I found mv whole 
company ready to assent unto : for they were nowe come to 
their Dogges porredge, that they had bespoken for themselves 
if that befell them which did, and I before did mistrust we 
should hardly escape. The ende was, we came the next day 
by night to the Rivers mouth within foure or five miles of the 

' An old name for the light boat since called a gig. 



1686] THE ENGLISHMEN LEFT IN VIRGINIA 267 

same, having rowed in one day downe the current, as much 
as in f oure dayes wee had done against the same : we lodged 
upon an Hand, where we had nothing in the world to eate but 
pottage of Sassafras leaves, the like whereof for a meate was 
never used before as I thinke. The broad sound wee had to 
passe the next day all fresh and fasting : that day the winde 
blew so strongly and the billow so great, that there was no 
possibiUtie of passage without sinking of our boates. This was 
upon Easter eve, which was fasted very truely. Upon Easter 
day in the morning the winde comming very calme, we entred 
the sound, and by foure of the clocke we were at Chipanum, 
whence all the Savages that we had left there were fled, but 
their weares did yeelde us some fish, as God was pleased not 
utterly to suffer us to be lost: for some of our company of 
the light horsemen were farre spent. The next morning wee 
arrived at our home Roanoak. 

I have set downe this Voyage somewhat particularly, to 
the ende it may appeare unto you, (as true it is) that there 
wanted no great good will from the most to the least amongst 
us, to have perfited this discoverie of the Mine : for that the 
discovery of a good Mine, by the goodnesse of God, or a pas- 
sage to the South-sea, or some way to it, and nothing els can 
bring this Countrey in request to be inhabited by our nation. 
And with the discovery of either of the two above shewed, it 
will bee the most sweete and healthfuUest climate, and there- 
withall the most fertile soyle (being manured) in the world: 
and then will Sassafras, and many other rootes and gummes 
there found make good marchandise and lading for shipping, 
which otherwise of themselves will not be worth the fetching. 

Provided also, that there be found out a better harborough 
then yet there is, which must be to the Northward, if any there 
bee, which was mine intention to have spent this Smnmer in 
the search of, and of the Mine of Chawnis Temoatan : the one 
I would have done, if the barkes that I should have had of 
Sir Francis Drake, by his honourable courtesie, had not bene 
driven away by storme : the other if your supply of more men, 
and some other necessaries had come to us in any convenient 



Sn EASLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1666 

miffioieiicie. For this river of Bforatioo promiseth great things 
and by the opinion of M. Hariots ^ the head of it by the descrip- 
tion of the Countrey, either riaeth from the Bay of Mexico, or 
eb firom very neere unto the same, that openeth out into the 
South sea. 

And touching the liGnerall, thus doeth M. Youghan afiSrme, 
that though it be but copper, seeing the Savages are able to 
melt it, it is one of the richest Minerals in the world. 

Wherefore a good harborough found to the Northward, as 
before is saide, and from thence foure dayes overland, to the 
River of Choanoak sconses being raised, from whence agains 
overland through the province of Choanoak one dayes voyage 
to the first towne of the Mangoaks up the river of Moratico by 
the way, as also upon the said River for the defence of our 
boats like sconses being set, in this course of proceeding you 
shall deare your selfe from al those dangers and broad shallow 
sounds before mentioned, and gaine within foure dayes travell 
into the heart of the maine 200. miles at the least, and so passe 
your discovery into that most notable countrey, and to the 
likeliest parts of the maine, with farre greater felicitie then 
otherwise can bee performed. • 

Thus Sir, I have though simply, yet truely set downe unto 
you, what my labour with the rest of the gentlemen, and poore 
men of our company (not without both paine and perili, which 
the Lord in his mercy many wayes delivered us from) could 
yeeld unto you, which might have bene performed in some 
more perfection, if the Lord had bene pleased that onely that 
which you had provided for us had at the first bene left with 
us, or that hee had not in his etemall providence now at the 

* His name appears in the list of colonists as "Master Hariot." Thomas 
Harriot, afterward highly distinguished as a mathematician and an astrono- 
mer, published in 1588 A briefe and true report of the new found land of Vir- 
ginia: of the commodiHea there found and to be rayaed, as well marcharUable as 
others: . . . 6y Tliomas Hariot, servant to the above named Sir Walter 
[Ralegh], a member of the Colony, and there imployed in discouvering, with an 
introduction by Ralph Lane. This was reprinted in 1600 in Haklu3rt's Voy- 
ages (see last edition, VIII. 348-386), and separately in 1869 and in 1900, 
the last issue being edited by Henry Stevens of Vermont, 



1686] THE ENGLISHMEN LEFT IN VIBGINIA 269 

last set some other course in these things, than the wisedome 
of man coulde looke into, which truely the carying away by a 
most strange and unlooked for storme of all our provision, with 
Barks, Master, Mariners, and sundry also of mine owne com- 
pany, al having bene so courteously supplied by the generall 
Sif Francis Drake, the same having bene most suflficient to 
have performed the greatest part of the premisses, must ever 
make me to thinke the hand of God onely (for some his good 
purpose to my selfe yet unknowen) to have bene in the 
matter. 



The second part touching the conspiracie of Pemisapan, the 
discovery of the same, and at the last, of our re- 
quest to depart with Sir Francis Drake for England. 

Ensenore a Savage father to Pemisapan being the onely 
friend to our nation that we had amongest them, and about 
the King, died the 20. of April 1586. He alone had before op- 
posed himselfe in their consultations against all matters pro- 
posed against us, which both the King and all the rest of them 
after Grangemoes death, were very willing to have preferred. 
And he was not onely by the meere providence of God diuing 
his Uf e, a meane to save us from hurt, as poysonings and such 
like, but also to doe us very great good, and singularly in 
this. 

The King was advised and of himselfe disposed, as a ready 
meane to have assuredly brought us to mine in the moneth of 
March 1586. himselfe also with all his Savages to have runne 
away from us, and to have left his ground in the Iland un- 
sowed : which if hee had done, there had bene no possibiUtie 
in common reason, (but by the immediate hande of God) that 
wee coulde have bene preserved from starving out of hande. 
For at that time wee had no weares for fish, neither coulde 
our men skill of the making of them, neither had wee one 
graine of Come for seede to put into the ground. 

In mine absence on my voyage that I had made against the 



360 EARLY ENGLISH YOTAGES pm 

CSiaonists, and Mangoaks, they had raised a brute^ among them- 
sdves, that I and my company were part slaine, and part 
starved by the Chaonists, and Mangoaks. One part of this 
tale was too true, that I and mine were like to be starved, but 
the other false. 

Neverthelesse untill my retume it tooke such effect in 
Pemisapans breast, and in those against us, that they grew 
not onely into contempt of us, but also (contrary to theur 
former reverend opinion in shew, of the Ahnightie God of 
heaven, and Jesus CShrist whom wee serve and worship, whom 
before they would acknowledge and confesse the onely God) 
now they b^an to blaspheme, and flatly to say, that our Lorde 
God was not God, since hee suffered us to sustains much hun- 
ger, and also to be killed of the Renapoaks, for so they call by 
that generall name all the inhabitants of the whole maine, of 
what province soever. Insomuch as olde Ensenore, neitiier 
any of his f ellowes, could for his sake have no more credite for 
us: and it came so farre that the king was resolved to have 
presently gone away as is aforesaid. 

But even in the b^inning of this bruite I returned, which 
when hee sawe contrary to his expectation, and the advertise- 
ment that hee had received : that not onely my self e, and my 
company were all safe, but also by report of his owne 3. Sav- 
ages which had bene with mee besides Manteo in that voyage, 
that is to say Tetepano, his sisters husband Eracano, and 
Gossine, that the Chanoists and Mangoaks (whose name and 
multitude besides their valour is terrible to all the rest of the 
provinces) durst not for the most part of them abide us, and 
that those that did abide us were killed, and that we had taken 
Menatonon prisoner, and brought his sonne that he best loved 
to Roanoak with mee, it did not a little asswage all devises 
against us : on the other side, it made Ensenores opinions to 
be received againe with greater respects. For he had often 
before tolde them, and then renewed those his former speeches, 
both to the king and the rest, that wee were the servants of 

^ Obsolete for "report.'' In the first line of the next paragraph but one 
it is printed "bruite." 



1686] THE ENGLISHMEN LEFT IN VIRGINIA 261 

God, and that wee were not subject to bee destroyed by them : 
but contrarywise, that they amongst them that sought our de- 
struction, shoulde finde their owne, and not bee able to worke 
ours, and that we being dead men were able to doe them more 
hurt, then now we could do being alive: an opinion very 
confidently at this day holden by the wisest amongst them, 
and of their old men, as also, that they have bene in the night, 
being 100. miles from any of us, in the aire shot at, and stroken 
by some men of ours, that by sicknesse had died among them : 
and many of them holde opinion, that we be dead men returned 
into the world againe, and that wee doe not remaine dead but 
for a certaine time, and that then we retume againe. 

All these speeches then againe grewe in ful credite with 
them, the King, and all, touching us, when hee sawe the small 
troupe returned againe, and in that sort from those whose very 
names were terrible unto them : But that which made up the 
matter on our side for that time was an accident, yea rather 
(as all the rest was) the good providence of the Almightie for 
the saving of us, which was this. 

Within certaine dayes after my retume from the sayd 
journey, Menatonon sent a messenger to visite his sonne the 
prisoner with me, and sent me certaine pearle for a present, 
or rather, as Pemisapan tolde mee, for the ransome of his sonne, 
and therefore I refused them: but the greatest cause of his 
sending then, was to signifie unto mee, that hee had com- 
maunded Okisko King of Weopomiok, to yeelde himselfe 
servant, and homager, to the great Weroanza of England, and 
after her to Sir Walter Raleigh: to perfourme which com- 
mandement received from Menatonon, the sayde Okiosko 
joyntly with this Menatonons messenger sent foure and twentie 
of his principallest men to Roanoak to Pemisapan, to signifie 
that they were ready to perfourme the same, and so had sent 
those his men to let mee knowe that from that time forwarde, 
hee, and his successours were to acknowledge her Majestie their 
onely Soveraigne, and next unto her, as is aforesayd. 

All which being done, and acknowledged by them all, in 
the presence of Pemisapan his father, and all his Savages in 



262 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1(»6 

counsell then with him, it did for the time thorowly (as it 
seemed) change him in disposition toward ns: Insomuch as 
forthwith Ensenore wanne this resolution of him, that out of 
hand he should goe about, and withall, to cause his men to set 
up weares foorthwith for us: both which he at that present 
went in hande withall, and did so labour the expedition of it, 
that in the end of April he had sowed a good quantitie of 
ground, so much as had bene suflBcient, to have fed our whole 
company (God blessing the grouth) and that by the belly, for 
a whole yere : besides that he gave us a certaine plot of ground 
for our selves to sowe. All which put us in marvellous com- 
fort, if we could passe from ApriU imtill the beginning of July, 
(which was to have bene the beginning of their harvest,) that 
then a newe supply out of England or else our owne store would 
well ynough maintaine us : All our f eare was of the two moneths 
betwixt, in which meane space if the Savages should not helpe 
us with Chassavi, and Chyna, and that our weares should faile 
us, (as often they did) we might very well starve, notwith- 
standing the growing come, Uke the starvmg horse m the 
stable, with the growmg grasse, as the proverbe is : which wee 
very hardly had escaped, but onely by the hand of God, as it 
pleased him to try us. For within few dayes after, as before 
is saide, Ensenore our friend died, who was no sooner dead, 
but certaine of our great enemies about Pemisapan, as Osacan 
a Weroance, Tanaquiny and Wanchese^ most principally, were 
in hand againe to put their old practises in ure against us, 
which were readily imbraced, and all their former devises 
against us, reneued, and new brought in question. But that 
of starving us, by their forbearing to sow, was broken by 
Ensenore in his Ufe, by having made the King all at one instant 
to sow his ground, not onely in the Hand, but also at Dasamon- 
quepeio in the maine, within two leagues over against us.^ 
Neverthelesse there wanted no store of mischievous practises 
among them, and of all they resolved principally of tliis following. 

* One of the two savages taken to England by Amadas and Barlowe 
on their return to England in the autumn of 1584. 
' Immediately opposite Roanoke Island. 



1686] THE ENGLISHMEN LEFT IN VIRGINIA 263 

First that Okisko king of Weopomeiok with the Mandoages 
should bee mooved, and with great quantitie of copper inter- 
tained to the number of 7. or 8. hundreth bowes, to enterprise 
the matter thus to be ordered. They of Weopomeiok should 
be invited to a certaine kind of moneths minde which they doe 
use to solenmise in their Savage maner for any great personage 
dead, and should have bene for Ensenore. At this instant also 
should the Mandoaks, who were a great people, with the 
Chesepians and their friends to the number of 700. of them, 
be armed at a day appointed to the maine of Dasamonquepeio, 
and there lymg close at the signe of fiers, which should mter- 
changeably be made on both sides, when Pemisapan with his 
troupe above named should have executed me, and some of 
our Weroances (as they called all our principall oflBcers,) the 
maine forces of the rest should have come over into the Iland, 
where they ment to have dispatched the rest of the company, 
whom they did imagine to finde both dismayed and dispersed 
abroad in the Island, seeking of crabs and fish to live withall. 
The maner of their enterprise was this. 

Tarraquine and Andacon two principall men about Pemisa- 
pan, and very lustie fellowes, with twentie more appointed to 
them had the charge of my person to see an order taken for the 
same, which they ment should in this sort have bene executed. 
In the dead time of the night they would have beset my house, 
and put fire in the reedes that the same was covert with: 
meaning (as it was Ukely) that my selfe would have come 
running out of a sudden amazed in my shirt without armes, 
upon the instant whereof they would have knocked out my 
braines. 

The same order was given to certaine of his fellowes, for M. 
Heriots : so for all the rest of our better sort, all our houses at 
one instant being set on fire as afore is saide, and that as weU 
for them of the fort, as for us at the towne. Now to the ende 
that we might be the fewer in number together, and so bee 
the more easily dealt withall (for in deed tenne of us with 
our armes prepared, were a terrour to a hundred of the best 
sort of them,) they agreed and did immediatly put it in prac- 



264 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1686 

tise, that they should not for any copper sell us any victuals 
whatsoever: besides that in the night they should sende to 
have our weares robbed, and also to cause them to bee broken, 
and once being broken never to bee repaired againe by them. 
By this meanes the King stood assured, that I must bee en- 
forced for lacke of sustenance there, to disband my company 
into simdry places to live upon shell fish, for so the Savages 
themselves doe, going to Hatorask, Croatoan,^ and other 
places, fishing and hunting, while their grounds be in sowing, 
and their corne growing: which failed not his expectation. 
For the famine grew so extreeme among us, our weares failing 
us of fish, that I was enforced to sende Captaine Stafiford with 
20. with him to Croatoan my Lord Admirals Hand to serve two 
tumes in one, that is to say, to f cede himselfe and his company, 
and also to keepe watch if any shipping came upon the coast 
to wame us of the same. I sent M. Pridiox with the pinnesse 
to Hatorask, and ten with him, with the Provost Marshal to 
live there, and also to wait for shipping: also I sent every 
weeke 16. or 20. of the rest of the company to the maine over 
against us, to live of Casada and oysters. 

In the meane while Pemisapan went of purpose to Dasa- 
monquepeio for three causes : The one to see his grounds there 
broken up, and sowed for a second crop: the other to with- 
drawe himselfe from my dayly sending to him for supply of 
victual! for my company, for hee was afraid to deny me any 
thing, neither durst hee in my presence but by colour and with 
excuses, which I was content to accept for the time, meaning 
in the ende as I had reason to give him the jumpe once for all : 
but in the meane whiles, as I had ever done before, I and mine 
bare all wrongs, and accepted of all excuses. 

My purpose was to have relied my selfe with Menatonon, 
and the Chaonists, who in trueth as they are more valiant 
people and in greater number then the rest, so are they more 

' Doubtless the geography of these sandy islands enclosing Pamlico 
Sound has been largely altered by storms since Lane's day. Judging by 
White's chart, Hatorask indicates, not the region of the present Cape Hat- 
teras, but that of New Inlet, while Croatoan was an island extending 
approximately from Cape Hatteras to the present Hatteras Inlet. 



1686] THE ENGLISHMEN LEFT IN VIRGINIA 266 

faithful! in their promises, and since my late being there had 
given many tokens of earnest desire they had to joyne in per- 
fect league with us, and therefore were greatly offended with 
Pemisapan and Weopomeiok for making him beleeve such tales 
of us. 

The third cause of his going to Dasamonquepeio was to 
dispatch his messengers to Weopomeiok, and to the Man- 
doages, as aforesaid : all which he did with great imprest of 
copper in hand, making large promises to them of greater 
spoile. 

The answere within few dayes after came from Weopomeiok, 
which was devided into two parts. First for the King Okisko, 
who denied to be of the partie for himselfe, or any of his es- 
peciall followers, and therefore did immediatly retire himselfe 
with his force into the maine: the other was concerning the 
rest of the province who accepted of it: and in like sort the 
Mandoags received the imprest. 

The day of their assembly aforesaid at Roanoak was ap- 
pointed the 10. of June: all which the premises were dis- 
covered by Skyco, the King Menatonon his sonne my prisoner, 
who having once attempted to run away, I laid him m the 
bylboes,^ threatning to cut off his head, whom I remitted at 
Pemisapans request : whereupon hee being perswaded that hee 
was our enemie to the death, he did not onely feed him with 
himselfe, but also made him acquainted with all his practises. 
On the other side, the yong man finding himselfe as well used 
at my hande, as I had meanes to shew, and that all my com- 
pany made much of him, he flatly discovered al unto me, 
which also afterwards was revelled unto me by one of Pemisa- 
pans owne men, that night before he was slaine. 

These mischiefes being all instantly upon me and my com- 
pany to be put in execution, it stood mee in hand to study 
how to prevent them, and also to save all others, which were 
at that time as aforesaid so farre from me : whereupon I sent 
to Pemisapan to put suspition out of his head, that I meant 

* Fetters for confinement of offenders on shipboard, and also, as here, 
the place of such confinement. 



266 EAJILY ENGLISH VOYAGES [168^ 

presently to go to Ooatoan, for that I had heard of the arrivall 
of our fleete, (though I in trueth had neither heard nor hoped 
for so good adventure,) and that I meant to come by him, to 
borrow of his men to fish for my company, and to hunt for me 
at Croatoan, as also to buy some foure dayes provision to serve 
for my voyage. 

He sent me word that he would himselfe come over to 
Roanoak, but from day to day he deferred, onely to bring the 
Weopomeioks with him and the Mandoags, whose time ap- 
pointed was within eight dayes after. It was the last of May 
1586 when all his owne Savages began to make their assembly 
at Roanoak, at his commandement sent abroad unto them, 
and I resolved not to stay longer upon his comming over, since 
he meant to come with so good company, but thought good to 
go and visit him with such as I had, which I resolved to do the 
next day : but that night I meant to give them in the Hand a 
camisado,^ and at the instant to seize upon all the canoas 
about the Island, to keepe him from advertisements. 

But the towne tooke the alarme before I meant it to them : 
the occasion was this, I had sent the Master of the light horse- 
man, with a few with him, to gather up all the canoas in the 
setting of the Sun, and to take as many as were going from us 
to Dasamonquepeio, but to suffer any that came from thence, 
to land. He met with a Canoa, going from the shore, and over- 
threw the Canoa, and cut off two Savages heads ; this was not 
done so secretly but he was discovered from the shore ; where- 
upon the cry arose: for in trueth they, privy to their owne 
villanous purposes against us, held as good espial upon us, 
both day and night, as we did upon them. 

The allarme given, they tooke themselves to their bowes, and 
we to our armes : some three or foure of them at the first were 
slaine with our shot ; the rest fled into the woods. The next 
morning with the light horsman and one Canoa taking 25 
with the Colonel of the Chesepians, and the Sergeant major, 

* Night surprise. The origin of the term is to be found in the custom 
among horsemen of wearing white shirts over the armor, so as to recognize 
one another in the darkness. 



1686] THE ENGLISHMEN LEFT IN VIEGINIA 26T 

I went to Dasamonquepeio : and being landed, sent Pemisapan 
word by one of his owne Savages that met me at the shore, 
that I was going to Croatoan, and meant to take him in the 
way to complaine unto him of Osocon, who the night past was 
conveying away my prisoner, whom I had there present tied 
in an handlocke. Heereupon the king did abide my conmiing 
to him, and finding myselfe amidst seven or eight of his 
principall Weroances and followers, (not regarding any of the 
common sort) I gave the watch-word agreed upon, (which 
was, Christ our victory) and inunediatly those his chiefe men 
and himselfe had by the mercy of God for our deliverance, that 
which they had purposed for us. The king himselfe being shot 
thorow by the CJolonell with a pistoll, lying on the ground for 
dead, and I looking as watchfully for the saving of Manteos 
friends, as others were busie that none of the rest should escape, 
suddenly he started up, and ran away as though he had not 
bene touched, insomuch as he overran all the company, being 
by the way shot thwart the buttocks by mine Irish boy with 
my petronell. In the end an Irish man serving me, one 
Nugent, and the deputy provost, undertooke him ; and follow- 
ing him in the woods, overtooke him: and I in some doubt 
least we had lost both the king and my man by our owne 
negUgence to have beene intercepted by the Savages, wee met 
him returning out of the woods with Pemisapans head in his 
hand. 

This fell out the first of June 1586, and the eight of the 
same came advertisement to me from captaine Stafford, lying 
at my lord Admirals Island, that he had discovered a great 
fleet of three and twentie sailes : but whether they were friends 
or foes, he could not yet disceme. He advised me to stand 
upon as good guard as I could. 

The ninth of the sayd moneth he himselfe came unto me, 
having that night before, and that same day travelled by land 
twenty miles : and I must truely report of him from the first 
to the last ; hee was the gentleman that never spared labour or 
perill either by land or water, faire weather or foule, to performe 
any service committed unto him. 



268 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1688 

He brought me a letter from the Generall Sir Francis Drake, 
with a most bountifull and honourable ofifer for the supply of 
our necessities to the performance of the action wee were entred 
into ; and that not only of victuals, munition, and clothing, but 
also of barks, pinnesses, and boats; they also by him to be 
victualled, manned and furnished to my contentation. 

The tenth day he arrived in the road of our bad harborow : 
and comming there to an anker, the eleventh day I came to 
him, whom I found in deeds most honourably to performe that 
which in writing and message he had most curteously offered, 
he having aforehand propounded the matter to all the captaines 
of his fleet, and got their liking and consent thereto. 

With such thanks unto him and his captaines for his care 
both of us and of our action, not as the matter deserved, but 
as I could both for my company and myselfe, I (being afore- 
hand prepared what I would desire) craved at his hands that 
it would please him to take with him into England a number of 
weake and imfit men for any good action, which I would 
deliver to him ; and in place of them to supply me of his com- 
pany with oare-men, artificers, and others. 

That he would leave us so much shipping and victuall, as 
about August then next following would cary me and all my 
company into England, when we had discovered somewhat, 
that for lacke of needfull provision in time left with us as yet 
remained undone. 

That it woulde please him withall to leave some sufficient 
Masters not onely to cary us into England, when time should 
be, but also to search the coast for some better harborow, if 
there were any, and especially to helpe us to some small boats 
and oare-men. 

Also for a supply of calievers, hand weapons, match and 
lead, tooles, appareU, and such like. 

He having received these my requests, according to his 
usuall commendable maner of government (as it was told me) 
calling his captaines to counsell; the resolution was that I 
should send such of my officers of my company as I used in 
such matters, with their notes, to goe aboord with him ; which 



1686] THE ENGLISHMEN LEFT IN VIBGINIA 269 

were the Master of the victuals, the Keeper of the store, and 
the Vicetreasurer : to whom he appointed forthwith for me 
The Francis, being a very proper barke of 70 tmi, and tooke 
present order for bringing of victual aboord her for 100 men 
for foure moneths, with all my other demands whatsoever, to 
the uttermost. 

And further, he appointed for me two pinnesses, and foure 
small boats: and that which was to performe all his former 
liberaUty towards us, was that he had gotten the full assents 
of two of as sufficient experimented Masters as were any in his 
fleet, by judgement of them that knew them, with very sufficient 
gings^ to tary with me, and to employ themselves most earnestly 
in the action, as I should appoint them, untill the terme which 
I promised of our retume into England againe. The names of 
one of those Masters was Abraham KendaU, the other Griffith 
Heme. 

While these things were in hand, the provision aforesayd 
being brought, and in brmgmg aboord, my sayd Masters bemg 
also gone aboord, my sayd barks having accepted of their 
charge, and mine owne officers, with others in like sort of my 
company with them (all which was dispatched by the sayd 
Generall the 12 of the sayde moneth) the 13 of the same there 
arose such an unwoonted storme, and continued foure dayes, 
that had like to have driven all on shore, if the Lord had not 
held his holy hand over them, and the General! very providently 
foreseene the woorst himself e, then about my dispatch putting 
hunself e aboord : but in the end havmg driven sundry of the 
fleet to put to Sea the Francis also with aU my provisions, my 
two Masters, and my company aboord, she was seene to be free 
from the same, and to put cleere to Sea. 

This storme having continued from the 13 to the 16 of the 
moneth, and thus my barke put away as aforesayd, the Generall 
comming ashore made a new profifer unto me; which was a 
ship of 170 tunne, called The barke Bonner, with a sufficient 
Master and guide to tary with me the time appointed, and 

^ Gangs* 



270 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1686 

victualled sufl&ciently to cary me and my company into Eng- 
land, with all provisions as before : but he tolde me that he 
would not for any thing undertake to have her brought into 
our harbour, and therefore he was to leave her in the road, and 
to leave the care of the rest unto my selfe, and advised me to 
consider with my company of our case, and to deUver presently 
unto him in writing what I would require him to doe for us; 
which being within his power, he did assure me asweU for 
his Captaines as for himselfe, shoulde be most willingly 
performed. 

Heereupon calling such Captaines and gentlemen of my 
company as then were at hand, who were all as privy as my 
selfe to the Generals ofifer ; their whole request was to me, that 
considering the case that we stood in, the weaknesse of our com- 
pany, the small number of the same, the carying away of our 
first appointed barke, with those two especiall Masters, with 
our principal! provisions in the same, by the very hand of 
God as it seemed, stretched out to take us from thence ; con- 
sidering also, that his second offer, though most honourable of 
his part, yet of ours not to be taken, insomuch as there was no 
possibiUty for her with any safety to be brought into the har- 
bour : seeing furthermore, our hope for supply with Sir Richard 
Greenvill, so undoubtedly promised us before Easter, not yet 
come, neither then likely to come this yeere, considering the 
doings in England for Flanders, and also for America, that 
therefore I would resolve my selfe with my company to goe 
into England in that fleet, and accordingly to make request 
to the Generall in all our names, that he would be pleased to 
give us present passage with him. Which request of ours by 
my selfe delivered unto him, hee most readily assented unto : 
and so he sending immediatly his pinnesses unto our Island 
for the fetching away of a few that there were left with our 
baggage, the weather was so boisterous, and the pinnesses so 
often on ground, that the most of all we had, with all our 
Cards, Books and writings were by the Sailers cast overboord, 
the greater number of the fleet being much agrieved with their 
long and dangerous abode in that miserable road. 



1686] THE ENGLISHMEN LEFT IN VIRGINIA 271 

From whence the Generall in the name of the Almighty, 
weying his ankers (having bestowed us among his fleet) for 
the reliefe of whom hee had in that storme susteined more 
perill of wracke then in all his former most honom-able actions 
against the Spanyards, with praises unto God for all, set saile 
the nineteenth of June 1586, and arrived in Portsmouth the 
seven and twentieth of July the same yeere. 



i 



ri 






I 



ii 

M 
fi 



THE THIRD VOYAGE TO VIRGINIA, 1586 



1 r 
I. 

I 



' If 
■ -J 



INTRODUCTION 

Lane, in returning to England with his company of colo- 
nists, supposed that Ralegh had been prevented from fulfilling 
his promise to send supplies before Easter by "the doings in 
England for Flanders," England at that time supporting the 
Netherlands in their conflict with Spain. But Ral^h, though 
unable to send suppUes as early as he had promised, had not 
forgotten Lane and his associates. Not only was a vessel de- 
spatched to the American coast with supplies for the colony, 
at the sole charge of Sir Walter Ral^h, but Sir Richard 
Grenville, with three ships, a Uttle later, made a second voy- 
age across the Atlantic, in the interest of English colonization 
in the New World; and though disappointed in not finding 
the colonists whom he had conveyed to Roanoke Island the 
year before, he instituted measures for maintaining his coirn- 
try's claim to the possession of the territory, and then returned 
to England. The following brief narrative is from Hakluyt. 

H. S. B« 



276 



THE THIRD VOYAGE TO VIRGINIA, 1586 

The third voyage made by a ship sent in the yeere 1586 j to the 
relief e of the Colony planted in Virginia, at the sole 
charges of Sir Walter Ralegh. 

In the yeere of our Lord 1586 Sir Walter Ral^h at his 
owne charge prepared a ship of an hundred tunne; fraighted 
with all maner of things in most plentifull maner, for the 
supply and relief e of his Colony then remaining in Virginia: 
but before they set saile from England it was after Easter^ so 
that our Colony half e despaired of the comming of any supply : 
wherefore every man prepared for himself e, determining reso- 
lutely to spend the residue of their Ufe time in that countrey. 
And for the better performance of this their determination, 
they sowed, planted, and set such things as were necessary for 
their reliefe in so plentifull a maner as might have sufficed 
them two yeeres without any further labour. Thus trusting 
to their owne harvest, they passed the Summer till the tenth 
of Jime : at which time their corne which they had sowed was 
within one fortnight of reaping: but then it happened that 
Sir Francis Drake in his prosperous returne from the sacking 
of Sant Domingo, Cartagena, and Saint Augustine, determined 
in his way homeward to visit his countreymen the English 
Colony then remaining in Virginia. So passing along the 
coasts of Florida, he fell with the parts where our English 
Colony inhabited : and having espied some of that company, 
there he ankered and went aland, where hee conferred with 
them of their state and welfare, and how things had passed 
with them. They answered him that they lived all; but 
hitherto in some scarsity : and as yet could heare of no supply 
out of England : therefore they requested him that hee would 
leave with them some two or three ships, that if in some reason- 

2T6 



1686] THE VIRGINIAN VOYAGE OF 1686 277 

able time they heard not out of England, they might then re- 
twme themselves. Which hee agreed to. Whilest some were 
then writing their letters to send into England, and some 
others making reports of the accidents of their travels ech to 
other, some on land, some on boord, a great storme arose, and 
drove the most of their fleet from their ankers to Sea, in which 
ships at that instant were the chief est of the English Colony : 
the rest on land perceiving this, hasted to those three sailes 
which were appointed to be left there; and for feare they 
should be left behinde they left all things confusedly, as ii 
they had bene chased from thence by a mighty army : and no 
doubt so they were ; for the hand of God came upon them for 
the cruelty and outrages committed by some of them against 
the native inhabitants of that countrey.^ 

Immediatly after the departing of our English Colony out 
of this paradise of the world, the ship abovementioned sent 
and set forth at the charges of Sir Walter Ralegh and his 
direction, arrived at Hatorask ; * who after some time spent 
in seeking our Colony up in the coimtrey, and not finding them, 
returned with all the aforesayd provision into England. 

About fourteene or fifteene dayes after the departure of 
the aforesayd shippe, Sir Richard Grinvile Generall of Virginia, 
accompanied with three shippes • well appointed for the same 
voyage, arrived there ; who not finding the aforesayd shippe 
according to his expectation, nor hearing any newes of our 
English Colony there seated, and left by him anno 1585, him- 
selfe travelling up into divers places of the countrey, aswell 
to see if he could heare any newes of the Colony left there by 

^ See the different account given above by one of the colonists. 

' See p. 264, note 1, above. 

'In the margin the statement is made, "Sir Richard Grinvils third 
voyage." Grenville aided in sending out Amadas and Barlowe in 1584, 
but he did not accompany the expedition. This accordingly was his second 
voyage, not the third. In his Sketches of the Literary History of Barn- 
staple, Chanter has this item: ''April 16, 1586. Sir Richard Gre3mviUe 
sailed over the barr at Barnstaple with his flee boat and frigot ; but for 
want of sufficient water on the barr, being neare upon neape, he left his 
ship. This Sir Richard GreynviUe intended his goinge to Wyngandeoora 
where he was last year.'' 



EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES 



" him the yeere before, under the charge of Master Lane his! 
deputy, as also to discover some places of the countrey ; but I 
after some time spent therein, not hearing any newea of them, I 
and finding the places which they inhabited desolate, yet un- I 
willing to loose the possession of the countrey which English- 
men had so long held : after good deliberation, hee determined I 
to leave some men behinde to reteine possession of the Coim- 1 
trey : whereupon he landed fifteene men in the Isle of Roanoak, [ 
furnished plentifully with all maner of provision for two yeeres, 
and so departed for England. 

Not long after he fell with the Isles of Azores, on some of I 
which Islands he landed, and spoiled the townes of all such I 
thinges as were woorth cariage, where also he tooke diveia | 
Spanyards. With these and many other exploits done him f 
in this voyadge, as well outward as homeward, he returned j 
into Engird. 



THE FOURTH VOYAGE MADE TO VIR- 
GINIA IN THE YERE 1587, BY GOV- 
ERNOR JOHN WHITE 



INTRODUCTION 

Sm Walter Ralegh still maintained his interest in his 
schemes of American colonization, notwithstanding many dis- 
comtigements. By an indentm-e, dated January 7, 1587, he 
granted to John White and others certain privileges for plant- 
ing a colony in Virginia. First of all, White was to bring relief 
to the fifteen men left at Roanoke Island by Grenville the year 
before, and then he was to seek a new location for his colony 
on the shores of Chesapeake Bay. Of the thirty-two incor- 
porators, nineteen were London merchants, of whom ten later 
were subscribers to the Virginia Company which settled at 
Jamestown. Stevens, Bibliotheca Historica, 1870, p. 222, iden- 
tifies John White, the artist of the expedition of 1585, with 
Governor White of the expedition of 1587. The following 
journal was evidently written by White. The arrangement 
under month-headings is the same as in the accoimt of the 
fifth voyage, which in Hakluyt follows this accoimt of the 

fourth voyage. 

H. S. B. 



281 




I 



The fourth voyage made to Virginia with three ships, in £ 
yere 2587. Wherein was transported the second Colonic. 

In the yeere of our Lord 1587. Sir Walter Ralegh intending 
to persevere in the planting of his Countrey of Virginia, pre- 
pared a newe Colonie of one hundred and fiftie men to be sent 
thither, under the charge of John White, whom hee appointed 
Governour, and also appointed unto him twelve Assistants, 
unto whom hee gave a Charter, and incorporated them by the 
name of Govemour and Assistants of the Citie of Ralegh in 
Viigma,. 

April 

Our Fleete being in number three saiie, viz. the Admirall a 
Bhippe of one hundred and twentie Tunnes, a Flie-boat«, and a 
Pinnesse, departed the sixe and twentieth of April from Portes- 
mouth, and the same day came to an ancker at the Cowee in 
the Isle of Wight, where wee stayed eight dayes. 

May 

The fift of May, at nine of the clocke at night we came to 
Plimmouth, where we remained the space of two dayes. 

The 8 we weyed anker at Plimmouth, and departed thence 
for Virginia. 

The 16 Simon Ferdinando,' Master of our Admirall, lewdly . 

* £mon Ferdinando, bo ill spoken of throughout this narr&tive, is lauded 
by Lane in one of his letters from America. Archaeologia Americana, IV. 11. 



1587] FOURTH VOYAGE TO VIRGINIA 283 

forsooke our Fly-boate, leaving her distressed in the Bay of 
Portugal. 

June 

The 19 we fell with Dominica/ and the same evening we 
sayled betweene it, and Guadalupe : the 21 the Fly-boat also 
fell with Dominica. 

The 22 we came to an anker at an Island called Santa 
Cruz,^ where all the planters were set on land, staying there 
till the 25 of the same moneth. At our first landing on this 
Island, some of our women, and men, by eating a small fruit 
Uke greene Apples, were fearefully troubled with a sudden 
burning in their mouthes, and swelling of their tongues so 
bigge, that some of them could not speake. Also a child by 
sucking one of those womens breasts, had at that instant his 
mouth set on such a burning, that it was strange to see how 
the infant was tormented for the time : but after 24 houres it 
ware away of it selfe. 

Also the first night of our being on this Island, we took five 
great Torteses, some of them of such bignes, that sixteene of 
our strongest men were tired with carying of one of them but 
from the sea side to our cabbins. In this Island we found no 
watring place, but a standing ponde, the water whereof was 
so evill, that many of our company fell sicke with drinking 
thereof: and as many as did but wash their faces with that 
water, in the morning before the Sunne had drawen away the 
corruption, their faces did so bume and swell, that their 
eyes were shut up, and could not see in five or sixe dayes, 
or longer. 

The second day of our abode there, we sent forth some of 
our men to search the Island for fresh water, three one way, 
and two another way. The Govemour also, with sixe others, 
went up to the top of an high hill, to viewe the Island, but 
could perceive no signe of any men, or beastes, nor any good- 

^ Twenty-nine miles south of Guadeloupe. 

' St. Croix, a southerly island of the Virgin group. 



284 EABLT ENGLISH VOYAGES [UR 

nes, but Parots, and trees of Guiacum/ Retumiiig backe to 
our cabbins another way, he foiuid in the discent of a hill, 
certaine potsheards of savage making; made of the earth of 
that Island: whereupon it was judged, that this Island was 
inhabited with Savages, though Fernando had told us for 
certaine the contrary. The same day at night, the rest of 
our company very late returned to the Govemour. The one 
company affirmed, that they had scene in a valley eleven 
Savages, and divers houses halfe a mile distant from the 
steepe, or toppe of the hill where they stayed. The other 
company had found running out of a high rocke a very fayre 
spring of water, whereof they brought three bottels to the 
company ; for before that time, wee drank the stinking water 
of the pond. 

The same second day at night Captaine Stafford, with the 
Pinnesse, departed from our fleete, riding at Santa Cruz, to an 
Island, call^ Beake,* l3dng neere S. John," being so directed 
by Ferdinando, who assured him he should there find great 
plenty of sheepe. The next day at night, our planters left 
Santa Cruz, and came all aboord, and the next morning after, 
being the 25 of June we weyed anker, and departed from 
Santa Cruz. 

The seven and twentieth we came to anker at Cottea,* where 
we found the Pinnesse riding at our comming. 

The 28 we weyed anker at Cottea, and presently came to 
anker at S. Johns in Musketos Bay,* where we spent three 
dayes unprofitable in taking in fresh water, spending in the 
meane time more beere then the quantitie of the water came 
unto. 

* Also Guaiacum, the heart-wood or the resin of the Guaiacum ofjicinale 
or lignum- vitae. 

' Vieques, a small island near Porto Rico, now belonging to the United 
States. 

*/.c., Porto Rico (San Juan de Porto Rico). 

* In the narration of Sir Richard Grenville's voyage of 1585, Haklu3rt, 
new edition, VIII. 311, we have this record under May 10, "Wee came to an 
anker at Cotesa, a little Hand situate neere to the Hand of St. John." 

•A marginal note says, "Musketos Bay is a harbour upon the south 
side of S. Johns Island." 



1587] FOURTH VOYAGE TO VIEGINIA 286 



Jvilie 

The first day we weyed anker at Musketoes Bay, where 
were left behind two Irish men of our company, Darbie Glaven, 
and Denice Carrell, bearing along the coast of S. Johns till 
evening, at which time wee fell with Rosse Bay.^ At this 
place Ferdinando had promised wee should take in salte, and 
had caused us before, to make and provide as many sackes for 
that purpose, as we could. The Govemour also, for that hee 
imderstood there was a Towne in the bottome of the Bay, not 
farre from the salt hils, appointed tWrty shot, tenne pikes, 
and ten targets, to man the Pinnesse, and to goe aland for salt. 
Ferdinando perceiving them in a readines, sent to the Gov- 
emour, using great perswasions with him, not to take in salt 
there, saying that hee knew not well whether the same were 
the place or not : also, that if the Pinnesse went into the Bay, 
she could not without great danger come backe, till the next 
day at night, and that if in the meane time any storme should 
rise, the Admirall were in danger to bee cast away. Whilest 
he was thus perswading, he caused the lead to be cast, and 
having craftily brought the shippe in three fadome and a 
half e water, he suddenly b^an to sweare, and teare God in 
pieces, dissembUng great danger, crying to him at the hehne, 
beare up hard, beare up hard : so we went oflF, and were dis- 
appointed of our salt, by his meanes. 

The next day saylii^ along the west end of S. John, the 
Govemour determined to go aland in S. Germans' Bay, to 
gather yong plants of Orenges, Pines, Mameas, and Plantanos, 
to set at Virginia, which we knew might easily be had, for 
that they grow neere the shore, and the places where they 
grew, well knowen to the Govemour, and some of the planters : 
but our Simon denied it, sa3dng : he would come to an anker 

^ In the account of Sir Richard Grenville's voyage of 1585, Hakluj^t, VIII. 
312, this is given as Roxo Bay, and is located on the southwest side of Porto 
Rico. 

' Probably the present port of Guayanilla, where the original town of 
St. Germans was built. 



286 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [U»! 

at Hispaniola^ and there land the Govemour, and some other 
of the Assistants, with the pinnesse, to see if he could speake 
with his friend Alanson, of whom he hoped to be fmnished 
both of cattel, and all such things as we would have taken in 
at S. John: but he meant nothing lesse, as it plainely did 
appeare to us afterwards. 

The next day after, being the third of July, we saw His- 
paniola, and bare with the coast all that day, looking stiU 
when the pinnesse should be prepared to goe for the place 
where Ferdinando his friend Alanson was: but that day 
passed, and we saw no preparation for landing in 
Hispaniola. 

The 4. of July, sayling along the coast of Hispaniola, imtiU 
the next day at noone, and no preparation yet seene for the 
staying there, we having knowledge that we were past the 
place where Alanson dwelt, and were come with Isabella:* 
hereupon Ferdinando was asked by the Govemour, whether 
he meant to speake with Alanson, for the taking in of catteU, 
and other things, according to his promise, or not: but he 
answered that he was now past the place, and that Sir Walter 
Ralegh told him, the French Ambassador certified him, that 
the king of Spaine had sent for Alanson into Spaine : where- 
fore he thought him dead, and that it was to no purpose to 
touch there in any place, at this voyage. 

The next day we left sight of Hispaniola, and haled off 
for Virginia, about foure of the clocke in the afternoone. 

The sixt day of July we came to the Island Caycos,^ wherein 
Ferdinando sayd were two salt pondes, assuring us if they 
were drie we might find salt to shift with, untill the next sup- 
ply: but it prooved as true as finding of sheepe at Baque.' 
In this Island, whilest Ferdinando solaced himselfe ashore, 
with one of the company, in part of the Island, others spent 
the latter part of that day in other parts of the Hand, some to 
seeke the salt ponds, some fowling, some hunting Swans, 
whereof we caught many. The next day early in the morning 

* On the north side of Hispaniola. * One of the Turk's Island group. 

'Beake above (Vieques). 



1587] FOURTH VOYAGE TO VIBGINIA 287 

we weyed anker, leaving Caycos, with good hope, that the first 
land that we saw next should be Virginia. 

About the 16 of July we fel with the maine of Virginia, 
which Simon Ferdinando tooke to be the Island of Croatoan, 
where we came to anker, and rode there two or three dayes : 
but finding himselfe deceived, he weyed, and bare along the 
coast, where in the night, had not Captaine Stafford bene more 
carefull in looking out, then our Simon Ferdinando, we had 
bene all cast away upon the breach, called the Cape of Feare,^ 
for we were come within two cables length upon it : such was 
the carelesnes, and ignorance of our Master. 

The two and twentieth of July wee arrived safe at Hatorask, 
where our ship and pinnesse ankered: the Govemour went 
aboord the pinnesse, accompanied with fortie of his best men, 
intending to passe up to Roanoak foorthwith, hoping there to 
finde those fifteene Englishmen, which Sir Richard Grinvile 
had left there the yeere before, with whom he meant to have 
conference, concerning the state of the Coimtrey, and Savages, 
meaning after he had so done, to retmne againe to the fleete, 
and passe along the coast, to the Bay of Chesepiok where we 
intended to make our seate and forte, according to the charge 
given us among other directions in writing, imder the hande 
of Sir Walter Ralegh: but assoone as we were put with our 
pinnesse from the ship, a Gentleman by the meanes of Fer- 
dinando, who was appointed to returne for England, called to 
the sailers m the pinnesse, chargmg them not to bring any of 
the planters backe againe, but to leave them in the Island, 
except the Govemour, and two or three such as he approved, 
saying that the Smnmer was farre spent, wherefore hee would 
land all the planters in no other place. Unto this were all the 
saylers, both in the pinnesse,. and shippe, perswaded by the 
Master, wherefore it booted not the Govemour to contend with 
them, but passed to Roanoak, and the same night at simne- 

* The name was probably given by Sir Richard Grenville, whose fleet 
narrowly escaped shipwreck there June 23, 1585. The record in the 
narrative of the voyage (Hakluyt, VIII. 315) says, "The 23, we were in 
great danger of wracke on a breach called the Cape of Feare.'' 




288 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1687 

set went aland on the Island, in the place where our fifteene 
men were left, but we foimd none of them, nor any signe that 
they had bene there, saving onely wee foimd the bones of one 
of ihose fifteene, which the Savages had slaine long before. 

The three and twentieth of July the Govemour with divers 
of his company, walked to the North ende of the Island, where 
Master Ralfe Lane had his forte, with simdry necessary and 
decent dwelling houses, made by his men about it the yeere 
before, where wee hoped to find some signes, or certaine knowl- 
edge of our fifteene men. When we came thither, we foimd 
the fort rased downe, but all the houses standing imhurt, 
saving that the neather roomes of them, and also of the forte, 
were o vergrowen with Melons of divers sortes, and Deere within 
them, feeding on those Melons : so wee returned to our com- 
pany, without hope of ever seeing any of the fifteene men 
living.^ 

The same day order was given, that every man should be 
employed for the repayring of those houses, which wee foimd 
standing, and also to make other new Cottages, for such as 
should neede. 

The 25 our Flyboate and the rest of our planters arrived aU 
safe at Hatoraske, to the great joy and comfort of the whole 
company : but the Master of our Admirall Ferdinando grieved 
greatly at their safe comming : for hee purposely left them in 
the Bay of Portugal, and stole away from them in the night, 
hoping that the Master thereof, whose name was Edward 
Spicer, for that he never had bene in Virginia, would hardly 
finde the place, or els being left in so dangerous a place as that 
was, by meanes of so many men of warre, as at that time were 
abroad, they should surely be taken, or slaine : but God dis- 
appointed his wicked pretenses.^ 

The eight and twentieth, George Howe, one of our twelve 
Assistants was slaine by divers Savages, which were come over 
to Roanoak, either of purpose to espie our company, and what 

* On the remains of early English colonization on Roanoke Island, see 
the paper of Dr. Talcott Williams in the Anniuil Report of the American 
Historical Assodation, for 1895, pp. 57-61. 



1687] FOURTH VOYAGE TO VIRGINIA 289 

we were, or else to hunt Deere, whereof were many m the 
Island. These Savages being secretly hidden among high 
reedes, where oftentimes they find the Deere asleep, and so 
kill them, espied om* man wading in the water alone, almost 
naked, without any weapon, save only a smal forked sticke, 
catching Crabs therewithall, and also being strayed two miles 
from his company, and shot at him in the water, where they 
gave him sixteen woimds with their arrowes : and after they 
had slaine him with their woodden swords, they beat his head 
in pieces, and fled over the water to the maine. 

On the thirtieth of July Master Stafford and twenty of our 
men passed by water to the Island of Croatoan, with Manteo, 
who had his mother, and many of his kindred dwelling in that 
Island, of whom wee hoped to imderstand some newes of our 
fifteene men, but especially to leame the disposition of the 
people of the coimtrey toward us, and to renew our old friend- 
ship with them. At our first landing they seemed as though 
they would fight with us: but perceiving us begin to march 
with our shot towardes them, they turned their backes, and 
fled. Then Manteo their coimtrey man called to them in their 
owne language, whom, assoone as they heard, they returned, 
and threwe away their bowes and arrowes, and some of them 
came unto us, embracing and entertaining us friendly, desiring 
US not to gather or spill any of their come, for that they had 
but Uttle. We answered them, that neither their come, nor 
any other thing of theirs, should be diminished by any of us, 
and that our comming was onely to renew the old love, that 
was betweene us and them at the first, and to live with them 
as brethren and friends : which answer seemed to please them 
well, wherefore they requested us to walke up to their Towne, 
who there feasted us after their maner, and desired us earnestly, 
that there might bee some token or badge given them of us, 
whereby we might know them to be our friends, when we met 
them any where out of the Towne or Island. They told us 
further, that for want of some such badge, divers of them 
were hurt the yeere before, being foimd out of the Island by 
Master Lane his company, whereof they shewed us one, which 



290 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES DM7 

at that very instant lay lame, and had lien of that hiui; ever 
since : but they sayd, they knew our men mistooke them, and 
hurt them instead of Winginos men, wherefore they held us 
excused. 

August 

The next day we had conference further with them, con- 
cerning the people of Secotan, Aquascogoc,^ and Pomeiok, 
willing them of (>oatoan to certifie the people of those townes, 
that if tliey would accept our friendship, we would willingly 
receive them againe, and that all unfriendly dealings past on 
both parts, should be utterly forgiven and forgotten. To this 
the chiefe men of Croatoan answered, that they would gladly 
doe the best they could, and within seven dayes, bring the 
Wiroances and chiefe Govemours of those townes with them, 
to our Govemour at Roanoak, or their answere. We also 
imderstood of the men of Croatoan, that our man Master Howe 
was slaine by the remnant of Winginos men dwelling then at 
Dasamonguepeuk, with whom Wanchese* kept companie: 
and also we understood by them of Croatoan, how that the 
15 Englishmen left at Roanoak the yeere before, by Sir Richard 
Grinvile, were suddenly set upon, by 30 of the men of Secota, 
Aquascogoe, and Dasamonguepeuk in manner following. They 
conveyed themselves secretly behind the trees, neere the 
houses where our men carelesly lived: and having perceived 
that of those fifteene they could see but eleven onely, two of 
those Savages appeared to the 11 Englishmen calling to them 
by friendly signes, that but two of their chiefest men should 
come unarmed to speake with those two Savages, who seemed 
also to be unarmed. Wherefore two of the chiefest of our 
Englishmen went gladly to them: but whilest one of those 
Savages traiterously imbraced one of our men, the other with 

* On White's charts this is set on the northeast side of the Pungo River, 
not far from the present site of Scranton, N.C. 

' He was carried to England with Amadas and Barlowe, but had shown 
only bitter hostility to the English since his return. 



1687] FOURTH VOYAGE TO VrBGINIA 291 

his sworde of wood, which he had secretly hidden under his 
mantell, strooke him on the heade and slew him, and presently 
the other eight and twentie Savages shewed them selves : the 
other Englishman perceiving this, fled to his company, whom 
the Savages pm^ued with their bowes, and arrowes, so fast, 
that the Englishmen were forced to take the house, wherein 
all their victuall, and weapons were : but the Savages f oorth- 
with set the same on fire: by meanes wherof our men were 
forced to take up such weapons as came first to hand, and 
without order to runne foorth among the Savages, with whom 
they skirmished above an howre. In this skirmish another 
of our men was shotte into the mouth with an arrow, where 
hee died : and also one of the Savages was shot into the side 
by one of our men, with a wild fire arrow, whereof he died 
presently. The place where they fought was of great advan- 
tage to the Savages, by meanes of the thicke trees, behinde 
which the Savages through their nimblenes, defended them- 
selves, and so offended our men with their arrowes, that our 
men being some of them hurt, retyred fighting to the water, 
side, where their boat lay, with which they fled towards Hator- 
ask. By that time they had rowed but a quarter of a mile, 
they espied their foure fellowes coming from a creeke thereby, 
where they had bene to fetch Oysters : these foure they received 
into their boate, leaving Roanoak, and landed on a little Island 
on the right hand of our entrance into the harbour of Hatorask, 
where they remayned a while, but afterward departed, whither 
as yet we know not. 

Having nowe sufficiently dispatched our businesse at 
Croatoan, the same day we departed friendly, taking our leave, 
and came aboord the fleete at Hatorask. 

The eight of August, the Govemour having long expected 
the comming of the Wiroanses of Pomeiok, Aquascogoc, Secota, 
and Dasamonguepeuk, seeing that the seven dayes were past, 
within which they promised to come in, or to send their an- 
sweres by the men of Croatoan, and no tidings of them heard, 
being certainly also informed by those men of Croatoan, that 
the remnant of Wingina his men, which were left alive, who 



292 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1687 

dwelt at Dasamonquepeuk, were they which had slaine Geoi^e 
Howe, and were also at the driving of our eleven Englishmen 
from Roanoak, hee thought to deferre the revenge thereof no 
longer. Wherefore the same night about midnight, he passed 
over the water, accompanied with Captaine Stafiford, and 24 
men, wherof Manteo was one, whom we tooke with us to be 
our guide to the place where those Savages dwelt, where he 
behaved himselfe toward us as a most faithfull Englishman. 

The next day, being the 9 of August, in the morning so early 
that it was yet darke, we landed neere the dwelling place of 
our enemies, and very secretly conveyed our selves through 
the woods, to that side, where we had their houses betweene 
us and the water: and having espied their fire, and some 
sitting about it, we presently set on them : the miserable soules 
herewith amazed, fled into a place of thicke reedes, growing 
fast by, where our men perceiving them, shot one of them 
through the bodie with a bullet, and therewith we entred 
the reedes, among which we hoped to acquite their evill doing 
towards us, but we were deceived, for those Savages were our 
friends, and were come from Croatoan to gather the come and 
fruit of that place, because they understood our enemies were 
fled immediatly after they had slaine George Howe, and for 
haste had left all their corne, Tobacco, and Pompions standing 
in such sort, that al had bene devoured of the birds, and Deere, 
if it had not bene gathered in time : but they had like to have 
payd deerely for it : for it was so darke, that they being naked, 
and their men and women apparelled all so like others, wee 
knew not but that they were al men : and if that one of them 
which was a Wiroances wife had not had a child at her backe, 
shee had bene slaine in stead of a man, and as hap was, an- 
other Savage knew master Stafford, and ran to him, calUng 
him by his name, whereby hee was saved. Finding our selves 
thus disappointed of our purpose, we gathered al the corne, 
Pease, Pompions, and Tabacco that we found ripe, leaving 
the rest unspoyled, and tooke Menatoan his wife, with the 
yong child, and the other Savages with us over the water to 
Roanoak. Although the mistaking of these Savages somewhat 



1687] FOURTH VOYAGE TO VIRGINIA 293 

grieved Manteo, yet he imputed their harme to their owne folly, 
saying to them, that if their Wiroances had kept their promise 
in comming to the Governour at the day appointed, they had 
not knowen that mischance. 

The 13 of August our Savage Manteo, by the conmiande- 
ment of Sir Walter Ral^h, was christened in Roanoak, and 
called Lord thereof, and of Dasamonguepeuk, in reward of his 
f aithfull services. 

The 18 Elenor, daughter to the Govemour, and wife to 
Ananias Dare one of the Assistants, was delivered of a daugh- 
ter in Roanoak, and the same was christened there the Sonday 
following, and because this child was the first Christian borne 
in Virginia, shee was named Virginia.* By this time our ships 
had unladen the goods and victuals of the planters, and began 
to take in wood, and fresh water, and to new calke and trimme 
them for England : the planters also prepared their letters and 
tokens to send backe into England. 

Our two ships, the Lion and the Flyboat almost ready to 
depart, the 21 of August, there arose such a tempest at North- 
east, that our Admirall then riding out of the harbour, was 
forced to cut his cables, and put to sea, where he lay beating 
off and on sixe dayes before he could come to us againe, so 
that we feared he had bene cast away, and the rather for that 
at the time that the storme tooke them, the most and best of 
their sailers were left aland. 

At this time some controversies arose betweene the Gov- 
emour and Assistants, about choosing two out of the twelve 
Assistants, which should goe backe as factors for the company 
into England : for every one of them refused, save onely one, 
which all other thought not sufficient : but at length by much 
perswading of the Govemour, Christopher Cooper only agreed 
to goe for England : but the next day, through the perswasion 
of divers of his familiar friends, hee changed his minde, so that 
now the matter stood as at the first. 

* Her mother was a daughter of Governor John White. In the list of 
the colonists printed in Hakluyt the name of Ananias Dare is the second, 
after that of John White. 



294 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1687 

The next day, the 22 of August, the whole company both of 
the Assistants and planters came to the Governour, and with 
one voice requested him to retume himselfe into England, for 
the better and sooner obtaining of supplies, and other neces- 
saries for them : but he refused it, and alleaged many suflScient 
causes, why he would not : the one was, that he could not so 
suddenly retume backe againe without his great discredite, 
leaving the action, and so many whome hee partly had pro- 
cured through his perswasions, to leave their native countrey, 
and undertake that voyage, and that some enemies to him and 
the action at his retume into England would not spare to 
slander falsly both him and the action, by saying, hee went 
to Virginia, but politikely, and to no other end but to leade 
so many into a countrey, in which hee never meant to stay 
himselfe, and there to leave them behind him. Also he 
alleaged, that seeing they intended to remove 50 miles further 
up into the maine presently, he being then absent, his stuffe 
and goods might be both spoiled, and most of them pilfered 
away in the cariage, so that at his retume he should be either 
forced to provide himselfe of all suche things againe, or else 
at his comming againe to Virginia find himselfe utterly im- 
fumished, whereof already he had found some proofe, being 
but once from them but three dayes. Wherefore he con- 
cluded that he would not goe himselfe. 

The next day, not onely the Assistants but divers others, 
as well women as men, began to renew their requests to the 
Governour againe, to take upon him to returne into England 
for the supply, and dispatch of all such things as there were 
to be done, promising to make him their bond under all their 
handes and seales for the safe preserving of all his goods for 
him at his returne to Virginia, so that if any part thereof was 
spoyled or lost, they would see it restored to him, or his 
Assignes, whensoever the same should be missed and de- 
manded : which bond, with a testimony under their hands and 
seales, they foorthwith made, and delivered into his hands. 
The copie of the testimony I thought good to set downe. 

'^May it please you, her Majesties subjects of England, we 



1687] FOURTH VOYAGE TO VIEGINIA 296 

your friends and countrey-men, the planters in Virginia, doe 
by these presents let you and every of you to understand, that 
for the present and speedy supply of certaine our knowen and 
apparent lackes and needes, most requisite and necessary for 
the good and happy planting of us, or any other in this land 
of Virginia, wee all of one minde and consent, have most 
earnestly intreated, and uncessantly requested John White, 
Govemour of the planters in Virginia, to passe into England, 
for the better and more assured help, and setting forward of 
the foresayd supplies: and knowing assuredly that he both 
can best, and wil labour and take paines in that behalfe for 
us all, and he not once, but often refusing it, for our sakes, 
and for the honour and maintenance of the action^ hath at 
last, though much against his wiU, through our importunacie, 
yeelded to leave his govemement, and all his goods among us, 
and himself e in all our behalf es to passe into England, of whose 
knowledge and fidelitie in handling this matter, as all others, 
we doe assure ourselves by these presents, and will you to give 
all credite thereunto, the 25 of August 1587." 

The Governour being at the last through their extreame 
mtreating constrayned to retume into England, having then 
but halfe a dayes respite to prepare himselfe for the same, 
departed from Roanoak the seven and twentieth of August 
in the morning and the same day about midnight, came aboord 
the Flieboat, who already had weyed anker, and rode without 
the barre, the Admirall riding by them, who but the same 
morning was newly come thither againe. The same day both 
the ships weyed anker, and set saile for England : at this wey- 
ing theb ankers, twelv^ of the men which were in the Flyboate 
were throwen from the Capstone, which by meanes of a barre 
[that] brake, came so fast about them, that the other two barres 
thereof strooke and hurt most of them so sore, that some of 
them never recovered it ; neverthelesse they assayed presently 
againe to wey their anker, but being so weakened with the 
first fling, they were not able to weye it, but were throwen 
downe and hurt the second time. Wherefore having in all but 
fifteene men aboord, and most of them by this unfortunate 



296 EAELT ENGLISH VOTAQES (1§BI 

beginning so bruised, and hurt, they were forced to cut their 
Cable, and leese their anker. Neverthelesse, they kept com- 
pany with the Admirall, untill the seventeenth of September, 
at which time wee fell with Corvo, and sawe Flores. 



September 

The eighteenth, perceiving that of all our fif teene men in 
the Flyboat there remained but five, which by meanes of the 
former mischance, were able to stand to their labom*: and 
that the Admirall meant not to make any haste for England 
but to linger about the Island of Tercera * for purchase : the 
Flyboate departed for England with letters, where we hoped 
by the helpe of God to arrive shortly: but by that time we 
had continued our course homeward about twentie dayes, 
having had sometimes scarse and variable windes, our fresh 
water also by leaking almost consumed, there arose a storme 
at Northeast, which for sixe dayes ceased not to blowe so 
exceeding, that we were driven further in those sixe then we 
could recover in thirteene daies : in which time others of our 
saylers began to fall very sicke and two of them dyed, the 
weather also continued so close, that our Master sometimes in 
foure dayes together could see neither sunne nor starre, and 
all the beverage we could make, with stinking water, dregs of 
beere, and lees of wine which remayned, was but three gallons, 
and therefore nowe we expected nothing but famine to perish 
at Sea. 

October 

The 16 of October we made land, but we knewe not what 
land it was, bearing in with the same land at that day : about 
sunne set we put into a harbour, where we found a Hulke of 
Dublin, and a pinnesse of Hampton riding, but we knew not 
as yet what place this was, neither had we any boate to goe 

* Now Terceira, one of the Azores group. 



1687] FOURTH VOYAGE TO VIRGINIA 29T 

ashore, untill the pinnesse sent off their boate to us with 6 or 
8 men, of whom wee understood wee were in Smerwick in the 
West parts of Ireland : they also releeved us presently with 
fresh water, wine and other fresh meate. 

The 18 the Govemour and the Master ryd to Dingen a 
Cushe,^ 5 miles distant, to take order for the new victualing 
of our Flieboat for England, and for rehefe of our sicke and 
hurt men, but within foure dales after the Boatswain, the 
Steward, and the Boatswains mate died aboord the Flieboat, 
and the 28 the Masters mate and two of our chief e sailers were 
brought sicke to Dingen. 

November 

The first the Govemour shipped himself e in a ship called the 
Monkie, which at that time was ready to put to sea from 
Dingen for England, leaving the Flyboat and all his companie 
in Ireland. The same day we set sayle, and on the third day 
we fell with the North side of the lands end, and were shut up 
the Seveme, but the next day we doubled the same for Mounts 
Bay.^ 

The 5 the Govemour landed in England at Martasew,' 
neere Saint Michaels mount in Comewall. 

The 8 we arrived at Hampton,* where we imderstood that 
our consort the Admiral was come to Portsmouth, and had 
bene there three weekes before : and also that Ferdinando the 
Master with all his company were not onely come home with- 
out purchase, but also in such weaknesse by sicknesse, and 
death of their chief est men, that they were scarse able to bring 
their ship into harbour, but were forced to let fall anker with- 
out, which they could not wey againe, but might all have 
perished there, if a small barke by a great hap had not come 

* Now Dingle, County Kerry, on the southwestern coast of Ireland. 

' The large bay between Land's End and the Lizard, on the southern 
coast of England. 

' A hamlet on Mounts Bay. 

* Southampton, still a principal port of departure for England's foreign 
trade. 



298 



EAELY ENGLISH VOYAGES 



pm 



to them to helpe them. The names of the chiefe men that 
died are these, Roger Large, John Mathew, Thomas Smith, 
and some other saylers, whose names I knew not at the writing 
hereof. An. Dom. 1587. 



The names of all the men, women and children^ which safdy 
arrived in Virginia, and remained to inhabite there. 
1587. Anno regni Regirue Elizabethan. 29 



John White. 
Ananias Dare. 
Thomas Stevens. 
Dyonis Harvie. 
George How. 
Nicholas Johnson. 
Anthony Cage. 
WiUiam WiUes. 
Cutbert White. 
Clement Tayler. 
John Cotsmur. 
Thomas Colman. 
Marke Bennet. 
John Stilman. 
John Tydway. 
Edmond English. 
Henry Berry. 
John Spendlove. 
Thomas Butler. 
John Burden. 
Thomas Ellis. 
Michael Myllet. 
Richard Kemme. 
Richard Tavemer. 
Henry Johnson. 
Richard Darige. 
Arnold Archard. 



Roger Baily. 
Christopher Cooper. 
John Sampson. 
Roger Prat. 
Simon Fernando. 
Thomas Warner. 
John Jones. 
John Brooke. 
John Bright. 
William Sole. 
Humfrey Newton. 
Thomas Gramme. 
John Gibbes. 
Robert Wilkinson. 
Ambrose Viccars. 
Thomas Topan. 
Richard Berry. 
John Hemmington. 
Edward Powell. 
James Hynde. 
William Browne. 
Thomas Smith. 
Thomas Harris. 
John Earnest. 
John Starte. 
William Lucas. 
John Wright. 



1687] 



FOUBTH VOYAGE TO VIEQINIA 



299 



William Button. 
William Waters. 
John Chapman. 
Robert Little. 
Richard Wildye. 
Michael Bishop. 
Henry Rufoote. 
Henry Dorrell. 
Henry Mylton. 
Thomas Hams. 
Thomas Phevens. 
Thomas Scot. 
John Wyles. 
Greorge Martyn. 
Martin Sutton. 
John Bridger. 
Richard Shabedge. 
John Cheven. 
William Berde. 



Elyoner Dare. 
Agnes Wood. 
Joyce Archard. 
Elizabeth Glane. 
Audry Tappan. 
Emme Merrimoth. 
Margaret Lawrence. 
Jane Mannering. 
Elizabeth Viccars. 



Wofmm 



Mauris Allen. 
Richard Arthur. 
William Clement. 
Hugh Taylor. 
Lewes Wotton. 
Henry Browne. 
Richard Tomkins. 
Charles Florrie. 
Henry Paine. 
William Nichols. 
John Borden. 
Peter Little. 
Brian Wyles. 
Hugh Pattenson. 
John Farre. 
Griffen Jones. 
James Lasie. 
Thomas Hewet. 



Margery Harvie. 
Wenefrid Powell, 
Jane Jones. 
Jane Pierce. 
Alls Chapman. 
Colman. 
Joan Warren. 
Rose Payne. 



Boye^ and children 

John Sampson. Robert Ellis. 

Ambrose Viccars. Thomas Archard. 

Thomas Humf rey. • Thomas Smart. 

George How. John Prat. 
William Wythers. 



EARLY ENGUSH VOYAGES 

Children borne in Virginia 
Vifgiiua Dare. Harvie. 



} OuU were in England and returned home into Virginia 
vxith them 

Manteo. Towaye. 



THE FIFTH VOYAGE OF M. JOHN WHITE 

1590 



INTRODUCTION 

In the spring of 1588 all England was busy with prepara- 
tions for meeting the Spanish Armada. It was not a time 
for New World enterprises. So great, however, was Ralegh's 
interest in the colonists left by White at Roanoke Island, that 
he succeeded in getting ready a small relief fleet, which was 
placed under the charge of Sir Richard Grenville ; but before 
the vessels were ready to sail they were impressed by the 
government. Strenuous effort on Ralph's part, however, 
was siiccessful in securing at length two small vessels, and 
these sailed from England April 22, imder the command of 
Governor White ; but in an encoimter with Spanish ships not 
long after, they were so severely handled that they were 
obliged to return. In the following year, Ral^h made an- 
other attempt to send relief to the Roanoke Island colonists 
and failed. In 1590 three vessels of a London merchant, 
John Wattes, ready for a voyage to the West Indies, were held 
in port by an order prohibiting any vessel from leaving England. 
White, through Ral^h, obtained the release of the vessels, 
provided they would take him and some others, with supplies, 
to Virginia. When, however, the vessels sailed, the owners 
restricted passage to White ; and before he could have his 
agreement with the owners enforced, the vessels put to sea, 
White being the only passenger for Virginia. The following 
narration records White's failure to find the colonists he left 
at Roanoke Island. All that he could learn concerning them 
was that the supply vessels failing to arrive, they at length 
removed to Croatoan. This was White's last voyage to the 
American coast. After his return to England, discouraged 
by the failure of the efforts already made, White seems to have 

808 



L'8M 



EAKLY ENGLISH VOYAGES 



abandoned hope. Ralegh, however, continued to send out 
vessels in search of the lost colonists. Nothing was learned 
concerning their fate, however, until after the settlement of 
the colony at Jamestown, when, according to Strachey, it was 
reported by the Indians that nearly all the Roanoke Island 
colonists were massacred by order of Powhatan only a little 
while before the Jamestown colonists arrived. 

H. S. B. 



THE FIFTH VOYAGE OF M. JOHN 

WHITE, 1590 

To the Worshipful and my very friend Master Richard HaMuyt, 

much happinesse in the Lord. 

Sm, as well for the satisfying of your earnest request, as the 
perfon;mnce of my promise m^e unto you at irj ^ being 
with you in England, I have sent you (although in a homely 
stile, especially for the contentation of a delicate eare) the true 
discourse of my last voyage into the West Indies, and partes of 
America called Virginia, taken in hand about the end of Feb- 
ruarie, in the yeare of our redemption 1590. And what events 
happened unto us in this our journey, you shall plainely per- 
ceive by the sequele of my discourse. There were at the 
time aforesaid three ships absolutely determined to goe for the 
West Indies, at the speciall charges of M. John Wattes of 
London Marchant. But when they were fully furnished, and 
in readinesse to make their departure, a generall stay was 
commanded of all ships thorowout England. Which so soone 
as I heard, I presently (as I thought it most requisite) ac- 
quainted Sir Walter Ral^h therewith, desiring him that as I 
had sundry times afore bene chargeable and troublesome unto 
him, for the supplies and relief es of the planters in Virginia: 
so likewise, that by his endevour it would please him at that 
instant to procure license for those three ships to proceede on 
with their . determined voyage, that thereby the people in 
Virginia (if it were Gods pleasure) might speedily be com- 
forted and relieved without further charges unto him. Where- 
upon he by his good meanes obtained license of the Queenes 
Majestic, and order to be taken, that the owner of the 3 ships 
should be bound unto Sir Walter Ralegh or his assignes, in 
3000 pounds, that those 3 ships in consideration of their re- 
leasement should take in, and transport a convenient number 

X S05 



806 EAELY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1«0 

of passengers, with their furnitures and necessaries to be landed 
in Virginia. Neverthelesse that order was not observed, 
neither was the bond taken according to the intention afore- 
said. But rather in contempt of the aforesaid order, I was by 
the owner and Commanders of the ships denied to have any 
passengers, or any thing els transported in any of the said 
ships, saving only my self e and my chest ; no not so much as 
a boy to attend upon me, although I made great sute, and 
earnest intreatie aswell to the chiefe Commanders, as to the 
owner of the said ships. Which crosse and imkind dealing, 
although it very much discontented me, notwithstanding the 
scarsity of time was such, that I could have no opportunity to 
go unto Sir Walter Ralegh with complaint : for the ships being 
then all in readinesse to goe to the Sea, would have bene de- 
parted before I could have made my retume. Thus both 
Governors, Masters, and sailers, regarding very smally the 
good of their countreymen in Virginia; determined nothing 
lesse then to touch at those places, but wholly disposed them- 
selves to seeke after purchase and spoiles, spending so much 
time therein, that sonmier was spent before we arrived at 
Virginia. And when we were come thither, the season was so 
unfit, and weather so foule, that we were constrained of force 
to forsake that coast, having not seene any of our planters, 
with losse of one of our ship-boates, and 7 of our chief est men : 
and also with losse of 3 of our ankers and cables, and most of 
our caskes with fresh water left on shore, not possible to be 
had aboord. Which evils and unfortunate events (as wel to 
their owne losse as to the hinderance of the planters in Virginia) 
had not chanced, if the order set downe by Sir Walter Ralegh 
had bene observed, or if my dayly and continuall petitions for 
the performance of the same might have taken any place. 
Thus may you plainely perceive the successe of my fift and 
last voiage to Virginia, which was no lesse unfortunately ended 
then frowardly begun, and as lucklesse to many, as sinister to 
my selfe. But I would to God it had bene as prosperous to 
all, as noysome to the planters ; and as joyfuU to me, as dis- 
comfortable to them. Yet seeing it is not my first crossed 



1590] FIFTH VOYAGE TO YIBGINIA 807 

voyage, I remaine contented. And wanting my wishes, I 
leave off from prosecuting that whereunto I would to God my 
wealth were answerable to my will. Thus committing the 
reUef e of my discomfortable company the planters in Virginia, 
to the merciful help of the Almighty, whom I most humbly 
beseech to helpe and comfort them, according to his most holy 
will and their good desire, I take my leave : from my house at 
Newtowne in Kylmore the 4 of February, 1593. 

Your most welwishing friend, 

John WnrrB. 



The fift voyage of M. John White into the West Indies and parts 
of America caUed Virginia, in the yeere 1690. 

The 20 of March the three shippes the Hopewell, the John 
EvangeUst, and the Uttle John, put to sea from Pl3anmouth 
with two small Shallops. 

The 25 at midnight both our Shallops were sunke being 
towed at the ships steames by the Boatswaines negligence. 

On the 30 we saw a head us that part of the coast of Bar- 
bary, lying East of Cape Cant3m, and the Bay of Asaphi.* 

The next day we came to the He of Mogador,* where rode, 
at oiu* passing by, a Pinnesse of London called the Mooneshine. 

» ApriU 

On the first of Aprill we ankored in Santa Cruz rode;' 
where we found two great shippes of London lading in Sugar, 
of whom we had 2 shipboats to supply the losseof our Shallops. 

On the 2 we set sayle from the rode of Santa Cruz, for ihe 
Canaries. 

On Saturday the 4 we saw Alegranza, the East He of the 
Canaries. 

^ On the African coast, about latitude 32^^. 

' A short distance fartlier down the African coast. 

' The most southerly seaport of Morocco, now Agadeer or Agadir. 



308 EASLT ENGLISH YOTAQES [U0O 

On Sunday the 5 of Aprill we gave chase to a double fly- 
boat| the which we also the same day fought with, and tooke 
her, with losse of three of their men slaine, and one hurt. 

On Munday the 6 we saw Grand Canarie, and the next day 
we landed and tooke in fresh water on the Southside thereof. 

On the 9 we departed from Grand Canary, and framed our 
course for Dominica.^ 

The last of Aprill we saw Dominica, and the same night we 
came to an anker on the Southside thereof. 



May 



The first of May in the morning many of the Salvages came 
aboord our ships in their Canowes, and did traffique with us; 
we also the same day landed and entered their Towne from 
whence we returned the same day aboord without any re- 
sistance of the Salvages ; or any oflfence done to them. 

The 2 of May our Admirall and our Pinnesse departed from 
Dominica leaving the John our Viceadmirall playing ofif and on 
about Dominica, hoping to take some Spaniard outwardes 
bound to the Indies; the same night we had sight of three 
smal Hands called Los Santos,^ leaving Guadalupe and them 
on our starboord. 

The 3 we had sight of S. Christophers Hand, bearing North- 
east and by East off us. 

On the 4 we sayled by the Virgines, which are many broken 
Hands, lying at the East ende of S. Johns Hand : and the same 
day towards evening we landed upon one of them called 
Blanca,* where we killed an incredible number of f oules : here 
we stayed but three houres, and from thence stood into the 
shore Northwest, and having brought this Hand Southeast off 
us, we put towards night thorow an opening or swatch, called 

* The course across the Atlantic was that of the voyage of 1587. 
' Northwest of Guadeloupe. 

• Probably Culebra, or Passage Island, one of the Virgin Islands off the 
east coast of Porto Rico. 



1590] FIFTH VOYAGE TO VIRGINIA 309 

The passage/ lying betweene the Vugines, and the East end 
of S. John : here the Pinnesse left ns, and sayled on the South 
side of S. John. 

The 5 and 6 the Admirall sayled along the North side of S. 
John, so neere the shore that the Spaniards discerned us to be 
men of warre ; and therefore made fires along the coast as we 
sailed by, for so their custome is, when they see any men of 
warre on their coasts. 

The 7 we landed on the Northwest end of S. John, where 
we watered in a good river called Yaguana,* and the same 
night following we tooke a Frigate of tenne Tunne conmiing 
from Gwathanelo * laden with hides and ginger. In this place 
Pedro a MoUato, who knewe all our state, ranne from us to the 
Spaniards. 

On the 9 we departed from Yaguana. 

The 13 we landed on an Hand called Mona,* whereon were 
10 or 12 houses inhabited of the Spaniards; these we burned 
and tooke from them a Pinnesse, which they had drawen a 
ground and sunke, and carried all her sayles, mastes, and 
rudders into the woods, because we should not take them 
away; we also chased the Spaniards over all the Hand; but 
they hid them in caves, hollow rockes, and bushes, so that we 
could not find them. 

On the 14 we departed from Mona, and the next day after 
wee came to an Hand called Saona,^ about 5 leagues distant 
from Mona, lying on the Southside of Hispaniola neere the 
East end : betweene these two Hands we lay off and on 4 or 
5 dayes, hoping to take some of the Domingo fleete doubling 
this Hand, as a neerer way to Spaine then by Cape Tyburon,* 
or by Cape S. Anthony.' 

On Thursday being the 19 our Viceadmirall, from whom 

^ Passing through the Passage, the vessels proceeded along the northerly 
side of Porto Rico. The pinnace skirted the southern shores of the island. 
' Probably the Yagttez. • Guatemala. 

* A small island in the Mona Passage. 

* An island off the southeast end of Santo Domingo. 

* Cape Tiburon, the western extremity of Hayti. 
' Cape Antonio, the western extremity of Cuba. 



310 EAELY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1690 

we departed at Dominica, came to us at Saona, with whom 
we left a Spanish Frigate, and appointed him to lie ofiF and on 
other five dales betweene Saona and Mona to the ende afore- 
said ; then we departed from them at Saona for Cape Tyburon. 
Here I was enformed that our men of the Viceadmirall, at their 
departure from Dominica brought away two young Salvages, 
which were the chiefe Casiques sonnes of that Countrey and 
part of Dominica, but they shortly after ran away from them 
at Santa Cruz Iland,^ where the Viceadmirall landed to take 
in ballast. 

On the 21 the Admirall came to the Cape Tyburon, where 
we found the John Evangelist our Pinnesse staying for us: 
here we tooke in two Spaniards almost starved on the shore, 
who made a fire to our ships as we passed by. Those places 
for an 100 miles in length are nothing els but a desolate and 
meere wildemesse, without any habitation of people, and full 
of wilde Bulles and Bores, and great Serpents. 

The 22 our Pinnesse came also to an anker in Aligato Bay 
at cape Tyburon. Here we imderstood of M. Lane,* Captaine 
of the Pinnesse; how he was set upon with one of the kings 
Gallies belonging to Santo Domingo, which was manned with 
400 men, who after he had fought with him 3 or 4 houres, 
gave over the fight and forsooke him, without any great hurt 
done on eyther part. 

The 26 the John our Vizadmirall came to us to cape 
Tyburon and the Frigat which we left with him at Saona. 
This was the appointed place where we should attend for the 
meeting with the Santo Domingo Fleete. 

On Whitsunday Even at Cape Tyburon, one of our boyes 
ranne away from us, and at tenne dayes end returned to our 
ships almost starved for want of food. In sundry places about 
this part of Cape Tyburon we found the bones and carkases 
of divers men, who had perished (as wee thought) by famine 
in those woods, beine; either stragled from their company, or 
landed there by some men of warre. 

* The largest of the Virgin Islands. 

' William Lane, not Ralph, according to an entry in the mar^n. 



IMD] MFTH VOYAGE TO VIEGINIA SU 



June 

On the 14 of June we tooke a smal Spanish frigat which 
fell amongst us so suddenly, as he doubled the point at the 
Bay of Cape Tyburon, where we road, so that he could not 
escape us. This frigat came from Santo Domingo, and had 
but three men in her, the one was an expert Pilot, the other a 
Mountainer, and the thirde a Vintener, who escaped all out of 
prison at Santo Domingo, purposing to fly to Yaguana which 
is a towne in the West parts of Hispaniola where many fugitive 
Spaniards are gathered together. 

The 17 being Wednesday Captaine Lane was sent to Ya- 
guana with his Pinnesse and a I>Vigat to take a shippe, which 
was there taking in f raight, as we imderstood by the old Pylot, 
whom we had taken three dayes before. 

The 24 the Frigat returned from Captaine Lane at Yaguana, 
and brought us word to cape Tyburon, that Captaine Lane had 
taken the shippe, with many passengers and N^roes in the 
same; which proved not so rich a prize as we hoped for, for 
that a Frenchman of warre had taken and spoyled her before 
we came. Neverthelesse her loading was thought worth 1000 
or 1300 pounds, being hides, ginger, Cannafistula, Copper- 
pannes, and Casavi. 

July 

The second of July Edward Spicer whom we left in England 
came to us at cape Tyburon, accompanied with a small Pin- 
nesse, whereof one M. Harps was Captaine. And the same 
day we had sight of a fleete of 14 saile all of Santo Domingo, 
to whom we presently gave chase, but they upon the first sight 
of us fled, and separating themselves scattered here and there : 
Wherefore we were forced to divide our selves and so made 
after them untill 12 of the clocke at night. But then by reason 
of the darkenesse we lost sight of ech other, yet in the end the 
Admirall and the Moonelight happened to be together the 



312 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1600 

same night at the fetchmg up of the Vizadnurall of the Spanish 
fleete, against whom the next morning we fought and tooke 
him/ with losse of one of our men and two hurt, and of theirs 
4 slaine and 6 hurt. But what was become of our Vice- 
admirall, our Pinnesse, and Prize, and two Frigates, in all 
this time, we were ignorant. 

The 3 of July we spent about rifling, romaging, and fitting 
the Prize to be sayled with us. 

The 6 of July we saw Jamayca the which we left on our 
larboord, keeping Cuba in sight on our starboord. 

Upon the 8 of July we saw the Hand of Pinos,^ which Ueth 
on the Southside of Cuba nigh unto the West end or Cape called 
Cape S. Anthony. And the same day we gave chase to a 
Pr^at, but at night we lost sight of her, partly by the slow 
sayling of our Admirall, and lacke of the Moonelight our Pin- 
nesse, whom Captaine Cooke had sent to the Cape the day before. 

On the 11 we came to Cape S. Anthony, where we foimd 
our consort the Moonelight and her Pinnesse abiding for our 
comming, of whom we imderstood that the day before there 
passed by them 22 saile, some of them of the burden of 300 
and some 400 timnes loaden with the Kings treasure from the 
maine, bound for Havana: from this 11 of July untill 22 we 
were much becalmed: and the winde being very scarse, and 
the weather exceeding hoat, we were much pestered with the 
Spaniards we had taken: wherefore we were driven to land 
all the Spaniards saving three, but the place where we landed 
them was of their owne choise on the Southside of Cuba neere 
unto the Organes and Rio de Puercos. 

The 23 we had sight of the Cape of Florida, and the broken 
Hands thereof called the Martires.^ 

The 25 being S. James day in the morning, we fell in with 
the MatanQas,* a head-land 8 leagues towards the East of 
Havana, where we purposed to take fresh water in, and make 
our abode two or three dayes. 

*The fight, we are informed by the margin, took place in sight of 
Navassa, an island at the southwest entrance of the Windward Passage. 
' Isle of Pines. * The Florida Keys. * Matanzas. 



1690] FIFTH VOYAGE TO VIRGINIA 313 

On Sunday the 26 of July plying too and fro betweene the 
MatauQas and Havana, we were espied of three small Pinnasses 
of S. John de Ullua bound for Havana, which were exceed- 
ingly richly loaden. These 3 Pinnasses came very boldly up 
unto us, and so continued untill they came within musket shot 
of us. And we supposed them to be Captaine Harps Pin- 
nesse, and two small Frigats taken by Captaine Harpe: 
wherefore we shewed our flag. But they presently upon the 
sight of it turned about and made all the saile they could 
from us toward the shore, and kept themselves in so shallow 
water, that we were not able to follow them, and therefore gave 
them over with expence of shot and pouder to no purpose. 
But if we had not so rashly set out our flagge, we might have 
taken them all three, for they would not have knowen us be- 
fore they had beene in our hands. This chase brought us so 
far to leeward as Havana : wherf ore not finding any of our 
consorts at the MatauQas, we put over againe to the cape of 
Florida, and from thence thorow the chanel of Bahama. 

On the 28 the Cape of Florida bare West of us. 

The 30 we lost sight of the coast of Florida, and stood to 
Sea for to gaine the helpe of the current* which runneth 
much swifter a farre off then in sight of the coast. For from 
the Cape to Virginia all along the shore are none but eddie 
currente, setting to the South and Southwest. 

The 31 our three ships were clearely disbocked,' the great 
prize, the Admirall, and the Mooneshine, but our prize being 
thus disbocked departed from us without taking leave of our 
Admirall or consort, and sayled directly for England. 

Avffust 

On the first of August the winde scanted, and from thence 
forward we had very fowl weather with much raine, thunder- 
ing, and great spouts, which fell round about us nigh unto our 
ships. 

' The Gulf Stream. 

* Meaning, apparently, "had got out into the open sea.'' 



S14 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [IM 

The 3 we stoode againe in for the shore, and at midday we 
tooke the height of the same. The height of that place we 
found to be 34 d^ees of latitude. Towards night we were 
within three leagues of the Low sandie Hands West of Wokokon. 
But the weather continued so exceeding foule, that we could not 
come to an anker nye the coast : wherefore we stood oflf againe 
to Sea untill Monday the 9 of August. 

On munday the storme ceased, and we had very great likeli- 
hood of faire weather: therefore we stood in againe for the 
shore : and came to an anker at 11 fadome in 35 d^rees of 
latitude, within a mile of the shore, where we went on land on 
the narrow sandy Island, being one of the Ilandes West of 
Wokokon: in this Hand we tooke in some fresh water and 
caught great store of fish in the shallow water. Betweene the 
maine (as we supposed) and that Hand it was but a mile over 
and three or foure foote deepe in most places. 

On the 12 in the morning we departed from thence and 
toward night we came to an anker at the Northeast end of the 
Hand of Croatoan, by reason of a breach which we perceived 
to he out two or three leagues into the Sea : here we road all 
that night. 

The 13 in the morning before we wayed our ankers, our 
boates were sent to sound over this breach : our ships riding 
on the side thereof at 5 fadome; and a ships length from us 
we found but 4 and a quarter, and then deeping and shallowing 
for the space of two miles, so that sometimes we found 5 
fadome, and by and by 7, and within two casts with the lead 
9, and then 8, next cast 5, and then 6, and then 4, and then 
9 againe, and deeper ; but 3 fadome was the last, 2 leagues off 
from the shore. This breach is in 35. degr. and a halfe, and 
lyeth at the very Northeast point of Croatoan, whereas goeth 
a fret out of the maine Sea into the inner waters, which part 
the Ilandes and the maine land. 

The 15 of August towards Evening we came to an anker at 
Hatorask, in 36 degr. and one third, in five fadom water, three 
leagues from the shore. At our first comming to anker on 
this shore we saw a great smoke rise in the He Roanoak neere 



1690] FIFTH VOYAGE TO VIRGINIA 816 

the place where I left our Colony in the yeere 1587, which 
smoake put us in good hope that some of the Colony were 
there expecting my retume out of England. 

The 16 and next morning our 2 boates went a shore, and 
Captaine Cooke, and Cap. Spicer, and their company with me, 
with intent to passe to the place at Roanoak where our coun- 
treymen were left. At our putting from the ship we com- 
manded our Master gunner to make readie 2 Minions and a 
Falkon well loden, and to shoot them off with reasonable space 
betweene every shot, to the ende that their reportes might bee 
heard to the place where wee hoped to finde some of our people. 
This was accordingly performed, and our twoe boats put oflf 
unto the shore, in the Admirals boat we soimded all the way 
and found from our shippe imtill we came within a mile of the 
shore nine, eight, and seven f adome : but before we were half e 
way betweene our ships and the shore we saw another great 
smoke to the Southwest of Kindrikers mountes : we therefore 
thought good to goe to that second smoke first: but it was 
much further from the harbour where we landed, then we 
supposed it to be, so that we were very sore tired before wee 
came to the smoke. But that which grieved us more was that 
when we came to the smoke, we found no man nor signe that 
any had bene there lately, nor yet any fresh water in all this 
waye to drinke. Being thus wearied with this journey we re- 
turned to the harbour where we left our boates, who in our 
absence had brought their caske a shore for fresh water, so we 
deferred our going to Roanoak untill the next morning, and 
caused some of those saylers to digge in those sandie hills for 
fresh water whereof we foimd very suflBcient. That night wee 
returned aboord with our boates and our whole company in 
safety. 

The next morning being the 17 of August, our boates and 
company were prepared againe to goe up to Roanoak, but 
Captaine Spicer had then sent his boat ashore for fresh water, 
by meanes whereof it was ten of the clocke aftemoone before 
we put from our ships which were then come to an anker 
within two miles of the shore. The Admirals boat was halfe 



316 EABLT ENGLISH VOYAGES [ittO 

way toward the shore, when Captame Spicer put off from his 
ship. The Admirals boat first passed the breach, but not 
without some danger of sinking, for we had a sea brake into our 
boat which filled us half e full of water, but by the will of God 
and carefuU st}rrage of Captaine Cooke we came safe ashore, 
saving onely that our fiuiiiture, victuals, match and powder 
were much wet and spoyled. For at this time the winde blue 
at Northeast and direct into the harbour so great a gale, that 
the Sea brake extremely on the barre, and the tide went very 
forcibly at the entrance. By that time our Admirals boat was 
hailed ashore, and most of our things taken out to dry, Cap- 
taine Spicer came to the entrance of the breach with his mast 
standing up, and was halfe passed over, but by the rash and 
undiscreet styrage of Ralph Skinner his Masters mate, a very 
dangerous Sea brake into their boate and overset them quite, 
the men kept the boat some in it, and some hanging on it, but 
the next sea set the boat on groimd, where it beat so, that 
some of them were forced to let goe their hold, hoping to wade 
ashore : but the Sea still beat them downe, so that they coukl 
neither stand nor swinmie, and the boat twise or thrise vras 
turned the keele upward, whereon Captaine Spicer and Skinner 
hung until] they sunke, and were seene no more. But foure 
that could swimme a litle kept themselves in deeper water 
and were saved by Captaine Cookes meanes, who so soone as 
he saw their oversetting, stripped himself e, and foure other that 
could swimme very well, and with all haste possible rowed 
unto them, and saved foure. There were 11 in all and 7 of 
the chiefest were drowned, whose names were Edward Spicer, 
Ralph Skinner, Edward Kelly, Thomas Bevis, Hance the 
Surgion, Edward Kelborne, Robert Coleman. This mis- 
chance did so much discomfort the saylers, that they were all 
of one mind not to goe any further to seeke the planters. But 
in the end by the commandement and perswasion of me and 
Captaine Cooke, they prepared the boates: and seeing the 
Captaine and me so resolute, they seemed much more willing. 
Our boates and all things fitted againe, we put off from Hator- 
ask, being the number of 19 persons in both boates : but before 



1690] FIFTH VOYAGE TO VIRGINIA 317 

we could get to the place where our planters were left, it was 
so exceedmg darke, that we overshot the place a quarter of a 
mile: there we espied towards the North ende of the Island 
the light of a great fire thorow the woods, to which we presently 
rowed : when wee came right over against it, we let fall our 
Grapnel neere the shore and sounded with a tnmipet a Call, 
and afterwardes many famiUar English tunes of Songs, and 
called to them friendly ; but we had no answere, we therefore 
landed at day-breake, and comming to the fire, we found the 
grasse and sundry rotten trees burning about the place. From 
hence we went thorow the woods to that part of the Iland 
directly over against Dasamongwepeuk, and from thence we 
returned by the water side, round about the North point of 
the Iland, imtill we came to the place where I left our Colony 
in the yeere 1586. In all this way we saw in the sand the print 
of the Salvages feet of 2 or 3 sorts troaden the night, and as we 
entred up the sandy banke upon a tree, in the very browe 
thereof were curiously carved these faire Romane letters C R O : 
which letters presently we knew to signifie the place, where I 
should find the planters seated, according to a secret token 
agreed upon betweene them and me at my last departure from 
them, which was, that in any wayes they should not faile to 
write or carve on the trees or posts of the dores the name of 
the place where they should be seated; for at my comming 
away they were prepared to remove from Roanoak 60 miles 
into the maine. Therefore at my departure from them in 
An. 1587 I willed them, that if they should happen to be dis- 
tressed in any of those places, that then they should carve 
over the letters or name, a Crosse ^ in this forme, but we found 
no such signe of distresse. And having well considered of this, 
we passed toward the place where they were left in sundry 
houses, but we found the houses taken downe, and the place 
very strongly enclosed with a high palisado of great trees, with 
cortynes * and flankers very Fortlike, and one of the chief e trees 
or postes at the right side of the entrance had the barke taken 

^Curtains. 



318 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [UPO 

oflf, and 5 foote from the ground in fayre Capitall letters was 
graven CROATOAN without any crosse or signe of distresse; 
this done, we entred into the paUsado^ where we found many 
barres of iron, two pigges of Lead, foure yron fowlers, Iron 
8acker-shotte,*and such Uke heavie thinges, thro wen here and 
there, ahnost overgrowen with grasse and weedes. From 
thence wee went along by the water side, towards the poynt 
of the Creeke to see if we could find any of their botes or 
Pinnisse, but we could perceive no signe of them, nor any of 
the last Falkons and small Ordinance which were left with 
them, at my departure from them. At our retume from the 
Creeke, some of our Saylers meeting us, told us that they had 
found where divers chests had bene hidden, and long sitiienee 
digged up againe and broken up, and much of the goods in 
them spoyled and scattered about, but nothing left, of such 
things as the Savages knew any use of, undefaced. Presently 
Captaine Cooke and I went to the place, which was in the 
ende of an olde trench, made two yeeres past by Captaine 
Amadas: wheere wee found five Chests, that had bene care- 
fully hidden of the Planters, and of the same chests three were 
my owne, and about the place many of my things spoyled and 
broken, and my bookes tome from the covers, the frames of 
some of my pictures and Mappes rotten and spoyled with 
rayne, and my armour almost eaten through with rust ; this 
could bee no other but the deede of the Savages our enemies 
at Dasamongwepeuk, who had watched the departure of our 
men to Croatoan; and assoone as they were departed digged 
up every place where they suspected any thing to be buried: 
but although it much grieved me to see such spoyle of my 
goods, yet on the other side I greatly joyed that I had safely 
found a certaine token of their safe being at Croatoan, which 
is the place where Manteo was borne, and the Savages of the 
Hand our friends.^ 

^ Shot for sakers, or large cannon. 

' On the theory, not generally held, that the colony was not wholly 
destroyed, and that descendants of some of its members are still to be found 
in North Carolina, see Weeks, " The Lost Colony of Roanoke : Its Fate and 
Survival/' in Papers of the American Historical Association, V. 107. 



1690] PHTH VOYAGE TO VIEGINIA 319 

When we had seene in this place so much as we could, we 
returned to our Boates, and departed from the shoare towards 
our shippes, with as much speede as we could : For the weather 
b^anne to overcast, and very likely that a foule and stormie 
night would ensue. Therefore the same Evening with much 
danger and labour, we got our selves aboard, by which time 
the winde and seas were so greatly risen, that wee doubted 
our Cables and Anchors would scarcely holde untill Morning : 
wherefore the Captaine caused the Boate to be manned by 
five lusty men, who could swinune all well, and sent them to 
the Uttle Iland on the right hand of the Harbour, to bring 
aboard sixe of our men, who had fiilled our caske with fresh 
water: the Boate the same night returned aboard with our 
men, but all our Caske ready filled they left behinde, impos- 
sible to bee had aboard without danger of casting away both 
men and Boates : for this night prooved very stormie and foule. 

The next Morning it was agreed by the Captaine and my 
selfe, with the Master and others, to wey anchor, and goe for 
the place at Croatoan, where our planters were : for that then 
the winde was good for that place, and also to leave that 
Caske with fresh water on shoare in the Iland imtill our re- 
tume. So then they brought the cable to the Capston, but 
when the anchor was almost apecke, the Cable broke, by 
meanes whereof we lost another Anchor, wherewith we drove 
so fast into the shoare, that wee were forced to let fall a third 
Anchor : which came so fast home that the Shippe was almost 
aground by Kenricks moimts: so that we were forced to let 
sUppe the Cable ende for ende. And if it had not chanced that 
wee had fallen into a chanell of deeper water, closer by the 
shoare then wee accompted of, wee could never have gone 
cleare of the poynt that lyeth to the Southwardes of Kenricks 
mounts. Being thus cleare of some dangers, and gotten into 
deeper waters, but not without some losse: for wee had but 
one Cable and Anchor left us of foure, and the weather grew 
to be fouler and fouler; our victuals scarse, and our caske 
and fresh water lost: it was therefore determined that we 
should goe for Saint John or some other Hand to the Southward 



320 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAOES [IW 

for fresh water. And it was further purposed, that if wee 
could any wayes supply our wants of victuals and other 
necessaries, either at Hispaniola, Sant John, or Trynidad, tiwt 
then we should continue in the Indies all the Winter followingy 
with hope to make 2. rich voyages of one, and at our retume 
to visit our countreymen at Virginia. The captaine and the 
whole company in the Admirall (with my earnest petitions) 
thereunto agreed, so that it rested onely to knowe what the 
Master of the Moone-light our consort would doe herein. But 
when we demanded them if they would accompany us in that 
new determination, they alledged that their weake and leakc 
Shippe was not able to continue it ; wherefore the same night 
we parted, leaving the Moone-light to goe directly for Eng- 
land, and the Admirall set his coiu-se for Trynidad, which 
course we kept two dayes. 

On the 28. the winde changed, and it was sette on foufe 
weather every way : but this storme brought the winde West 
and Northwest, and blewe so forcibly, that wee were able to 
beare no sayle, but our fore-course halfe mast high, wherewith 
wee ranne upon the winde perforce, the due course for Eng- 
land, for that wee were driven to change our first determina- 
tion for Trynidad, and stoode for the Hands of A9ores, where 
wee purposed to take in fresh water, and also there hoped to 
mecte with some English men of warre about those Hands, at 
whose hands wee might obtaine some supply of our wants. 
And thus continuing our course for the AQores, sometimes with 
calmes, and sometimes with very scarce windes, on the fifteenth 
of September the winde came South Southeast, and blew so 
exceedingly, that wee were forced to lye atry ^ all that day. 
At this time by account we judged our selves to be about 
twentie leagues to the West of Cuervo and Flores, but about 
night the storme ceased, and fayrc weather ensued. 

On Thursday the seventeenth wee saw Cuervo and Flores, 
but we could not come to anker that night, by reason the 
winde shifted. The next Morning being the eighteenth, stand- 

* Heave to. 



1690] FIFTH VOYAGE TO VIEGINIA 321 

ing in againe with Cuervo, we escryed a sayle a head us, to 
whom we gave chase: but when wee came neere him, wee 
knew him to be a Spanyard, and hoped to make sure purchase 
of him : but we understood at our speaking with him, that he 
was a prize, and of the Domingo fleete ah-eady taken by the 
John our consort, in the Indies. We learned also of this prize, 
that our Viceadmirall and Pinnesse had fought with the rest of 
the Domingo fleete, and had forced them with their Admirall 
to flee unto Jamaica under the Fort for succour, and some of 
them ran themselves aground, whereof one of them they 
brought away, and tooke out of some others so much as the 
time would permit. And further wee understood of them, 
that in their retume from Jamaica about the Organes neere 
Cape Saint Anthony, our Viceadmirall mette with two Shippes 
of the mayne land, come from Mexico, bound for Havana, with 
whom he fought : in which fight our Viceadmirals Lieutenant 
was slaine, and the Captaines right arme strooken off, with 
foure other of his men slaine, and sixteene hurt. But in 
the ende he entred, and tooke one of the Spanish shippes, 
which was so sore shot by us imder water, that before 
they could take out her treasure she sunke; so that we lost 
thirteene Pipes of silver which sunke with her, besides much 
other rich marchandize. And in the meane time the other 
Spanish shippe being pearced with nine shotte under water, 
got away; whom our Viceadmirall intended to pursue: but 
some of their men in the toppe made certaine rockes, which 
they saw above water neere the shoare, to be Gallies of 
Havana and Cartagena, comming from Havana to rescue 
the two Ships; Wherefore they gave over their chase, and 
went for England. After this intelligence was given us 
by this our prize, he departed from us, and went for 
England. 

On Saturday the 19. of September we came to an Ancre 
neere a small village on the North side of Flores, where we 
found ryding 5. English men of warre, of whom we imderstood 
that our Viceadmirall and Prize were gone thence for Eng- 
land. One of these five was the Moonelight our consort, who 



322 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [im I 

upon the first sight of our comming into Flores, set sayle and 
went for England, not taking any leave of us. 

On Sunday the 20. the Mary Rose, Admiral! of the Queenes 
fleete, wherein was Generall Sir John Hawkins, stood in with ' 
Flores, and divers other of the Queenes ships, namely the ' 
Hope, the NonpareiUa, the Rainebow, the Swift-sure, the 
Foresight, with nmny other good merchants ships of waxre, as 
the Edward Bonaventure, the Marchant Royal, the AmJtie, 
the Eagle, the Dainty of sir John Hawkins, and many other 
good ships and pinnessea, all attending to mcete with the king 
of Spaines fleete, comming from Terra firma of the West 
Indies. ; 

The 22. of September we went aboard the Raynebow, and \ 
towards night we spake with the Swift-sure, and gave him 3. j 
pieces. The captaines desired our company; wherefore we I 
wilhngly attended on them: who at this time with 10. other 1 
ships stood for Faial. But the Generall with the rest of the 
Fleete were separated from us, making two fleetes, for the j 
surer meeting with the Spanisli fleete. 1 

On Wednesday the 23. we saw Gratiosa,' where the \ 
Admiral and the rest of the Queenes fleete were come together. 
The Admirall put furtli a flag of counsel, in which was deter- 
mioed that the whole fleete should go for the mayne, and spred 
themselves on the coasts of Spaine and Portugal, so farre as 
conveniently they might, for the surer meeting of the Spanish 
fleete in those parts. 

The 26. we came to Faial, where the Admird wilii some 
other of the fleete ankred, other some plyed up and downe 
betweene that and the Pico untill midnight, at which time the 
Anthony shot off a piece and weyed, shewing his light : after 
whom the whole fleete stood to the East, the winde at North- 
east by East. 

On Sunday the 27. towards Evening wee tooke our leave of 
tiie Admirall and the whole fleete, who stood to the East. But 
our shippe accompanied with a Flyboate stoode in again with 

* Of iht Azores group ; so also are Fayal, Pico, SSo Jorge, and 9b) 
Miguel, mentioned in the following paragraphs. 



1690] PIFTH VOYAGE TO VIRGINIA 323 

S. George, where we purposed to take in more fresh water, and 
some other fresh victuals. 

On Wednesday the 30. of September, seeing the winde hang 
so Northerly, that wee could not atteine the Iland of S. George, 
we gave over our purpose to water there, and the next day 
framed our due course for England. 

October 

The 2. of October in the Morning we saw S. Michaels Hand 
on our Starre board quarter. 

The 23. at 10. of the clocke afore noone, we saw Ushant in 
Britaigne.^ 

On Saturday the 24. we came in safetie, God be thanked, 
to an anker at Plymmouth. 

^ The most western of the islands of Brittany. 



BRIEFE AND TRUE RELATION OF THE 
DISCOVERIE OF THE NORTH PART OF 
VIRGINIA, 1602, BY JOHN BRERETON 



INTRODUCTION 

English voyagers to the American coast in the sixteenth 
century made their way thither by the island of Newfoimd- 
land, or the islands of the West Indies. Bartholomew Gosnold 
and Bartholomew Gilbert evidently aimed directly for the 
New England coast, avoiding the more northerly region 
visited by Cabot, and afterward by the French explorers, and 
the region visited by the expeditions sent out by Sir Walter 
Ral^h. They made at Chittyhunk the first, though temporary, 
English settlement in New England. Brereton's Relation, 
which was printed in 1602, and is dedicated to Sir Walter 
Ralegh, states that the voyage was imdertaken with Ralph's 
permission. This is an error, although Ralegh allowed the 
statement to stand. The voyage was without Ralegh's knowl- 
edge. A fall in the price of sassafras, which had been held as 
high as twenty shillings a pound in the London market, oc- 
casioned an inquiry on Ralegh's part as to the cause of the 
lessening value of this New-World commodity. This inquiry 
led to the discovery of Gosnold's successful venture, and to a 
complaint on Ralph's part that Gosnold and his associates 
had infringed on his rights as patentee. It was found, however, 
that persons of prominence had aided Gosnold and Gilbert in 
their enterprise ; and as it was desirable that the matter should 
be set before the public in as favorable a light as possible, 
Ral^h consented to the statement that the expedition had his 
permission. Bartholomew Gilbert was a son of Sir Himiphrey 
Gilbert. He at once made his peace with Ralegh, and the next 
year, in Ralegh's service, he came to Virginia, where he lost 
his life, some say in Chesapeake Bay, but more probably on 

827 



the mainland. Gosnold, also, was again interested in ] 
World enterprises, and December 19, 1606, he Bailed for Vir- 
ginia with the Jamestown colonists. lie was one of a lai^ 
number of the colonists who died shortly after their arrival 
on the James. Brereton's Relation is the earliest English book 
relating to New England. Two editions of it were published 
in 1602, the one in twenty-four pages, the other in forty-eight, 
containing additional matter not deemed necessary to the pres- 
ent volume. The former issue, represented by a copy in the John 
Carter Brown Library at Providence, was reprinted in black-let- 
ter facsimile by Mr. L. S. Livingston in 1903, and is the one re- 
printed on the following pages. The other is reprinted in the 
third series of the CoUeclions of the Massachusetts Historical 
Society, Vol. VIII., pp. 83-103, and m Winship's Sailors' Nar- 
ratives of New England Voyages. There is also another "Re- 
lation" of this voyage, made by Gabriel Archer, who was "a 
gentleman in the said voyage." Purchaa printed it in his 
fourth volume. A reprint of it will be found in the thbxi 
Series of the Collections of the Massachusetts Historical Society, 
Vol. Vril., pp. 72-Sl. 



BRIEFE AND TRUE RELATION OF THE 
DISCOVERIE OF THE NORTH PART OF 
VIRGINIA IN 1602 

A Briefs and true Relation of the Diacoverie of the North part 
of Virginia; being a most pleasant, fruitfuU and 
commodious soile: 

Made this present yeere 1602 j hy Captaine Bartholomew 
Gosnold, Captaine Bartholormnew Gilbert, and divers 
other gentlemen their assodats, by the permission of 
the honourable knight, Sir Walter Ralegh, &c. 

Written by M. John Brereton one of the voyage. . . . ^ 

To the honourable, Sir Walter Ralegh, Knight, Captaine 
of her Majesties Guards, Lord Warden of the Stanneries, 
Lieutenant of Cornwall, and Govemour of the Isle of Jersey. 

Honourable sir, being earnestly requested by a deere 
friend, to put downe in writing, some true relation of our late 
performed voyage to the North parts of Virginia; at length 
I resolved to satisfie his request, who also imboldened me, to 
direct the same to your honourable consideration; to whom 
indeed of duetie it perteineth. 

May it please your Lordship therefore to understand, that 
upon the sixe and twentieth of March 1602, being Friday, we 
went from Falmouth, being in all, two and thirtie persons,' 
in a small barke of Dartmouth, called The Concord, holding a 
course for the North part of Virginia : and although by chance 
the winde favoured us not at first as we wished, but inforced 
us so farre to the Southward, as we fell with S. Marie, one of 



* These words in italics are taken from the title-page, which ends with 
the imprint: "Londini, Impensis Geor. Bishop, 1602." 

' Archer says twelve were to return to England with the ship, and the 
rest were to remain "for population." 

829 



330 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1602 

the islands of the AQores (which was not much out of our way) 
yet holding our course directly from thence, we made our 
joiuney shorter (than hitherto accustomed) by the better part 
of a thousand leagues, yet were wee longer in om- passage than 
we expected ; which happened, for that our barke being weake, 
we were loth to presse her with much saile; also, our sailers 
being few, and they none of the best, we bare (except in faire 
weather) but low saile ; besides, om- going upon an unknowen 
coast, made us not over-bolde to stand in with the shore, but 
in open weather; which caused us to be certeine daies in 
sounding, before we discovered the coast, the weather being 
by chance, somewhat foggie. But on Friday the fomleenth 
of May, eariy in the morning, we made the land,* being full 
of faire trees, the land somewhat low, certeine himimocks or 
hilles lying into the land, the shore ful of white sand, but very 
stony or rocky. And standing faire alongst by the shore, 
about twelve of the clocke the same day, we came to an anker, 
where sixe Indians, in a Baske-shallop ' with mast and saile, 
an iron grapple, and a kettle of copper, came boldly aboord us, 
one of them apparelled with a waistcoat and breeches of blacke 
serdge, made after our sea-fashion, hose and shoes on his feet; 
all the rest (saving one that had a paire of breeches of blue 
cloth) were all naked. These people are of tall stature, broad 
and grim visage, of a blacke swart complexion, their eie- 
browes painted white ; their weapons are bo wes and arrowes : 
it seemed by some words and signes they made, that someBasks^ 

* Concerning Gosnold's landfall, Archer says, — "The fourteenth, about 
six in the morning, we descried Land that lay North, &c., the Northerly 
part we called the North Land, which to another Rocke upon the same lying 
twelve leagues West, that wee called Savage Rocke, (because the Savages 
first shewed themselves there)." It is admitted by all who have given any 
attention to this voyage that Gosnold made his approach to the land north 
of Massachusetts Bay. ** North Land" is probably best identified as Cape 
Porpoise, and *' Savage Rock," as Cape Neddock, — both on the southerly 
part of the Maine coast. 

^ This is evidence that Basque fishermen extended their voyages to the 
coast of Maine. 

^ They *' could name Placentia of the New-found-land," says Archer. 
This is added evidence that French fishermen, \isiting the Newfoundland 
fishing banks, came to the New England coast. 



1602] BEERETON'S BRIEFE AKD TBUE RELATION 831 

or of S. John de Luz, have fished or traded in this place^ being 
in the latitude of 43 degrees. But riding heere, in no very 
good harboiu", and withall, doubting the weather, about 
three of the clocke the same day in the af temoone we weighed, 
and standing Southerly off into sea the rest of that day and the 
night following, with a fresh gale of winde, in the morning 
we found our selves embayed with a mightie headland ; * but 
comming to an anker about nine of the clocke the same day, 
within a league of the shore, we hoised out the one half e of our 
shallop, and captaine Bartholmew Gosnold, my selfe, and three 
others, went ashore, being a white sandie and very bolde shore ; 
and marching all that afternoon with our muskets on our necks, 
on the highest hilles which we saw (the weather very hot) at 
length we perceived this headland to be a parcell of the maine, 
and sundrie Islands lying almost round about it : so returning 
(towards evening) to our shallop (for by that time, the other 
part was brought ashore and set together) we espied an Indian, 
a young man, of proper stature, and of a pleasing coimtenance ; 
and after some familiaritie with him, we left him at the sea 
side, and retiuned to our ship, where, in five or sixe hours 
absence, we had pestered oiu- ship so with Cod fish, that we 
threw numbers of them over-boord againe : and surely, I am 
persuaded that in the moneths of March, April, and May, there 
is upon this coast, better fishing, and in as great plentie, as in 
Newfoundland: for the scuUes of mackerell, herrings, Cod, 
and other fish,* that we dayly saw as we went and came from 
the shore, were woonderf uU ; and besides, the places where we 
tooke these Cods (and might in a few dales have laden our ship) 
were but in seven faddome water, and within lesse than a league 
of the shore ; where, in New-f oimd-land they fish in fortie or 

' If Cape Ann was the starting-point, as some maintain, this "mightie 
headland/' Cape Cod, would have been discovered much earlier by Gosnold 
in proceeding down the coast. Earlier voyagers, from the time of the North- 
men, had descried this "mightie headland," "where wee tooke great store 
of Cod-fish," sa3rs Archer, "for which we altered the name, and caUed it Cape 
Cod." 

' The abimdance of fish on the New England coast is mentioned by all 
of the early explorers. 



m fiARLY EKGLISH VOYAGES fiett 

fiftie fadome water, and farre oflf. From this place, we sidled 
rolind about this headland, almost all the points of the com- 
passe, the shore very bolde : but as no coast is free from daih 
gers, so I am persuaded, this is as free as any ; the land som- 
what lowe, full of goodly woods, but in some places plaine : at 
length we were come amongst many faire Islands,^ which we 
had partly discerned at oiu- first landing ; all lying within a 
league or two one of another, and the outermost not above 
sixe or seven leagues from the maine: but conmiiiig to an 
anker under one of the[m],^ which was about three or foure 
leagues from the maine, captaine Gosnold, my selfe, and some 
others, went ashore, and going round about it, we found it to 
be foure English miles in compasse, without house or inhabit- 
ant, saving a little old house made of boughs, covered with barke, 
an olde piece of a weare of the Indians, to catch fish, and one or 
two places, where they had made fires. The chiefest trees of 
this Island, are Beeches and Cedars; the outward parts all 
overgrowen with lowe bushie trees, three or fom-e foot in height, 
which beare some kinde of fruits, as appeared by their blos- 
somes ; Strawberies, red and white, as sweet and much bigger 
than ours in England, Rasberies, Gooseberies, Hurtleberies, 
and such; an incredible store of Vines, aswell in the woodie 
part of the Island, where they run upon every tree, as on the 
outward parts, that we could not goe for treading upon them : 
also, many springs of excellent sweet water, and a great stand- 
ir^ lake of fresh water, neere the sea side, an English mile in 
compasse, which is mainteined with the springs running ex- 
ceeding pleasantly thorow the woodie grounds which are very 
rockie. Here are also in this Island, great store of Deere, 
which we saw, and other beasts, as appeared by their tracks, 
as also divers fowles, as Cranes, Hernshawes, Bitters, Geese; 
Mallards, Teales, and other fowles, in great plenty ; also, great 
store of Pease, which grow in certeine plots all the Island over. 

* Nantucket would be one of the first. 

' A note in the margin of the original reads, "The first Island called 
Marthaes \ineyard." The island was no doubt the present No Man's Land, 
near the larger island now called Martha's Vineyard. 



1602] BEERETON'S BEIEFE AND TRUE RELATION 333 

On the North side of this Island we found many huge bones and 
ribbes of Whales. This Island, as also all the rest of these 
Islands, are full of all sorts of stones fit for building ; the sea 
sides all covered with stones, many of them glistering and 
shining like minerall stones, and very rockie: also, the rest 
of these Islands are replenished with these commodities, and 
upon some of them, inhabitants; as upon an Island to the 
Northward, and within two leagues of this ; yet wee foimd no 
townes, nor many of their houses, although we saw manie 
Indians, which are tall big boned men, all naked, saving they 
cover their privy parts with a blacke tewed skin, much Uke 
a Black-smithes apron, tied about their middle and betweene 
their legs behinde: they gave us of their fish readie boiled 
(which they carried in a basket made of twigges, not unlike 
our osier) whereof we did eat, and judged them to be fresh 
water fish: they gave us also of their Tabacco, which they 
drinke * greene, but dried into powder, very strong and pleas- 
ant, and much better than any I have tasted in England : the 
necks of their pipes are made of clay hard dried (whereof in that 
Island is great store both red and white) the other part, is a 
piece of hollow copper, very finely closed and semented to- 
gether: we gave. unto them certeine trifles, as knives, points, 
and such like, which they much esteemed. From thence we 
went to another Island,' to the Northwest of this, and within 
a league or two of the maine, which we foimd to be greater 
than before we imagined, being 16 EngUsh miles at the least 
in compasse ; for it conteineth many pieces or necks of land, 
which differ nothing fro severall Islands, saving that certeine 

^ "We dranke of their excellent Tabacco/^ says Rosier, in his relation of 
Wa3rmouth's voyage to the coast of Maine in 1605. "Drinking" tobacco 
was the term generally employed at that time, when the reference was to 
smoking it. Drake, Book of the Indians, p. 22, cites an entry in the 
Plymouth records in 1646 as follows, "Anthony Thatcher and George Pole 
were chosen a committee to draw up an order concerning disorderly drink- 
ing of tobacco." 

' Cuttyhunk, one of the Elizabeth group of islands. A circumference 
of sixteen miles can be ascribed to it, however, only by combining with it 
the next island northward, now separated by a narrow strait. Archer says, 
''This Hand Captaine GosnoU caUed Elizabeths He." 



334 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES QM 

banks of small bredth do like bridges joyne them to this 
Island : on the outsides of this Island are many plaine places 
of grasse, abundance of Strawberies and other berries before 
mentioned : in mid May we did sowe in this Island (as for 
triall) in sundry places, Wheat, Barley, Oats, and Pease, 
which in fom-eteene daies were sprung up nine inches and more:' 
the soile is fat and lustie; the upper crust, of gray colour; 
but a foot or lesse in depth, of the colour of our hempe-laDds 
in England ; and being thus apt for these and the like graines; 
the sowing or setting (after the groimd is cleansed) is no greatff 
labour, than if you should set or sowe in one of our best pre- 
pared gardens in England. This Island is full of high tim- 
bered Oaks, their leaves thrise so broad as ours ; Cedars, strait 
and tall ; Beech, Elme, HolUe, Walnut trees in abundance, tiie 
fruit as bigge as ours, as appeared by those we found under 
the trees, which had lien all the yeere imgathered; Haslenut 
trees. Cherry trees, the leafe, barke and bignesse not differing 
from ours in England, but the stalke beareth the blossomes or 
fruit at the end thereof, Uke a cluster of Grapes, forty or fifty 
in a bunch ; Sassafras trees ^ plentie all the Island over, a tree 

* Other like statements concerning the remarkable fertility of the soil 
occur in the ** Relations" of these early voyagers, and are indications of easy 
exaggeration. Shakespeare, in the Tempest (Act IV. Scene i.) makes Iris 
say to Ceres : — 

*' Ceres, most bounteous lady, thy rich leas 
Of wheat, rye, barley, vetches, oats, and pease." 

The Tempest was written, it is thought, in 1610-1611, and in this and 
other descriptions of the ** uninhabited island,*' the scene of the play (which 
Shakespearian scholars have identified with Bermuda, Lampedusa, Panta- 
laria, and Corcyra), Edward Everett Hale finds intimations that Shakespeare 
was familiar with the story of Gosnold's Elizabeth Isle and used it in the play. 
In the Tempest, he says, "there is no allusion to an orange, a banana, a 
yam, or a potato, or a palm-tree, or a pineapple, or a monkey, or a parrot, or 
anything else which refers to the Gulf of Mexico or the tropics. Does not 
this seem as if he meant that the local color of the Tempest should be that 
which was suggested by the gentlemen adventurers and the seamen who were 
talking of Cuttyhunk, its climate and productions, as they told travellers' 
stories up and dowm London?" The Earl of Southampton, the patron and 
friend of Shakespeare, was the patron of Gosnold in this voyage. 

* Sassafras was regarded as "a plant of Sovereigne vertue." Archer, 
in his "Relation," Purchas, IV. 1649 {Mass, Hist. Soc. Coll., third series, 



ia02] BRERETON'S BEIEFE AND TRUE RELATION 335 

of high price and profit; also divers other fruit trees, 
some of them with strange barks, of an Orange colom*, in feel- 
ing soft and smoothe like Velvet : in the thickest parts of the 
woods, you may see a furlong or more roimd about. On the 
Northwest side of this Island, neere to the sea side, is a stand- 
ing Lake of fresh water, almost three English miles in compasse, 
in the middest whereof stands a plot of woodie ground, an acre 
in quantitie or not above : This Lake is full of small Tortoises, 
and exceedingly frequented with all sorts of fowles before re- 
hearsed, which breed, some lowe on the banks, and others on 
lowe trees about this Lake in great abundance, whose young 
ones of all sorts we tooke and eat at our pleasure : but all these 
fowles are much bigger than ours in England. Also, in every 
Island, and almost in every part of every Island, are great 
store of Ground nuts, fortie together on a string, some of them 
as bigge as hennes ^ges; they grow not two inches under 
ground : the which nuts we foimd to be as good as Potatoes. 
Also, divers sorts of shell-fish, as Scallops, Muscles, Cockles, 
Lobsters, Oabs, Oisters, and Whilks, exceeding good and very 
great. But not to cloy you with particular rehearsall of such 
things as God and Natiu-e hath bestowed on these places, in 
comparison wherof, the most fertil part of al England is (of 
it selfe) but barren; we went in oiu- Ught-horsman fro this 
Island to the maine, right against this Island some two leagues 
oflf, where comming ashore, we stood a while like men rav- 
ished at the beautie and deUcacie of this sweet soile; for 
besides divers cleere Lakes of fresh water (whereof we saw no 
end) Medowes very large and full of greene grasse ; even the 
most woody places (I speake onely of such as I saw) doe grow 
80 distinct and apart, one tree from another, upon greene 
grassie groimd, somewhat higher than the Plaines, as if Nature 
would shew herselfe above her power, artificiall. Hard by, 
we espied seven Indians ; and conuning up to them, at first they 
expressed some f eare ; but being emboldned by our coiu*teous 

Vin. 77, 78), says, "The powder of Sassafrage in twelve houres cured one 
of our Company that had taken a great surfett by eating the bellies of Dog- 
fish, a very delicious meate.'' 



iMge, and iome trifles wiiidi m gave tlieni, tiiejr followed as 
to a neeke of land, irtiich we ™*e™^ ^^ beese eevered from 
the maine; but finding it otherwue, we peroeired s faniad 
harbour or rivos mouth, irtiidi ranne op into the mahie: 
but faeoauae the day waa forre tpeat, we were forced to ntenw 
to the laland iiom ^enee we came, leaving tiie dnooverie d 
this harbour, for a time of better leasure: of. the goodnesse d 
nbkh harbour, aa also of many othera thseahouts, there is 
mall doubt, ooondering that all the blands, as aleo the maine 
(«ttere we were) is all rockie grounds and fcvoken lands. Nov 
the next day, we detennined to f ortifie our sel^e in the littis 
I^t of pound in the midst of the l^ks above maitioawd, 
iriure we built an house, and oovcved it with sedge, vladx grsir 
about this bke in great abundance; in biulding whereof, we 
ipent three weeks and more: ^ but the second day after om 
eommhig from the maine, we espied 9 canowee or bmts, witii 
fifUe Indians in them, coouning towards us from this part <rf the 
maine, where we, two dales before, landed; and being kith titey 
duuld discover our fortification, we went out on the aea side 
to meet them; and commiog somevdiat neere them, they all 
sat downe upon the stonee, calling aloud to us (as we ri^tly 
ghessed) to doe the like, a little distance from them : having sat 
a while in this order, captaine Gosnold willed me to go imto 
them, to see what countenance they would make ; but assoone 
as I came up unto them, one of them, to whom I had given a 
knife two daies before in the maine, knew me (whom I also 
very wel remembered) and pmilin g upon me, spa^e somewhat 
unto their lord or captaine, which sat in the midst of tiiem, 
jvho presently rose up and tooke a large Beaver skin from one 
that stood -about him, and gave it unto me, which I requited 
for that time the best I could : but I pointing towards captaine 
Gosnold, made signes unto him, that he was our captaine, and 
> Noah Webster in 1797 (Belknap's American Biography, 11. 114), Fritncis C. 
<3ra7 in 1817 {fforth American Review, V. 313), and John Wingate Thornton 
ia 1848 {Cape Anne, p. 21), maintained that they discovered on the idet 
[riain outJinee of Ooenold's fort and house ; but the writer of this note, the 
general editor of the present series, found none in 1905. In 1902 a stone 
tower conunemorative of Oosnold's sojourn was erected on the islet. 



1602] BREEETON'S BRIEFE AND TRUE RELATION 337 

desirous to be his friend, and enter league with him, which (as 
I perceived) he understood, and made signes of joy: where- 
upon captaine Gosnold with the rest of his companie, being 
twentie in all, came up unto them ; and after many signes of 
gratulations (captaine Gosnold presenting their L/ with cer- 
teine trifles which they wondred at, and highly esteemed) we 
became very great friends, and sent for meat aboord our shal- 
lop, and gave them such meats as we had then readie dressed, 
whereof they misliked nothing but our mustard, whereat they 
made many a sowre face. While we were thus merry, one of 
them had conveied a target of ours into one of their canowes, 
which we suffered, onely to trie whether they were in subjec- 
tion to this L. to whom we made signes (by shewing hun another 
of the same likenesse, and pointing to the canowe) what one 
of his companie had done : who suddenly expressed some f eare, 
and speaking angerly to one about him (as we perceived by 
his countenance) caused it presently to be brought backs 
againe. So the rest of the day we spent in trading with them 
for Furres, which are Beavers, Luzemes, Martems, Otters, 
Wild-cat skinnes very large and deepe Furre, blacke Foxes, 
Conie skinnes, of the colour of our Hares, but somewhat lesse, 
Deere skinnes very large, Scale skinnes, and other beasts skinnes 
to us imknowen. They have also great store of Copper, some 
very redde, and some of a paler colour ; none of them but have 
chaines, earrings or collars of this mettall : they head some of 
their aiiows hTrewith, much like our broad Jow heads, very 
workmanly made. Their chaines are many hollow pieces 
semented together, ech piece of the bignesse of one of our 
reeds, a finger in length, ten or twelve of them together on a 
string, which they weare about their necks : their collars they 
weare about their bodies like bandeheres a handfuU broad, 
all hollow pieces, like the other, but somewhat shorter, foure 
hundred pieces in a collar, very fine and evenly set together. 
Besides these, they have large drinking cups, made hke scuUes, 
and other thinne plates of Copper, made much like our boare- 



Lord. 



838 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [law 

speare blades, all which they so little esteeme, as they offered 
their fairest collars or chaines, for a knife or such like trifle, 
but we seemed Uttle to regard it ; yet I was desirous to under- 
stand where they had such store of this mettall, and made signes 
to one of them (with whom I was verie familiar) who taking 
a piece of Copper in his hand, made a hole with his finger in the 
ground, and withall, pointed to the maine from whence they 
came. They strike fire in this maner; every one carrietii 
about him in a purse of tewed leather, a Minerall stone (which 
I take to be their Copper) and with a flat Emerie stone (where- 
with Glasiers cut glasse, and Cutlers glase blades) tied fast to 
the end of a Uttle sticke, gently he striketh upon the Minerall 
stone, and within a stroke or two, a sparke falleth upon a piece 
of Touchwood (much Uke our Spunge in England) and with the 
least sparke he maketh a fire presently. We had also of their 
Flaxe, wherewith they make many strings and cords, but it is 
not so bright of colour as ours in England: I am persuaded 
they have great store growing upon the maine, as also Mines 
and many other rich commodities, which we, wanting both 
time and meanes, could not possibly discover. Thus they 
continued with us three daies, every night retiring themselves 
to the furthermost part of our Island two or three miles from 
our fort : but the fourth day they returned to the maine, point- 
ing five or six times to the Sun, and once to the maine, which 
we understood, that within five or six daies they would come 
from the maine to us againe: but being in their canowes a 
little from the shore, they made huge cries and shouts of joy 
unto us ; and we with our trumpet and cornet, and casting up 
our cappes into the aire, made them the best farewell we 
could : yet sixe or seven of them remained with us behinde, 
bearing us company every day into the woods, and helpt us 
to cut and carie our Sassafras, and some of them lay aboord our 
ship. These people, as they are exceeding courteous, gentle 
of disposition, and well conditioned, excelling all others that 
we have scene; so for shape of bodie and lovely favour, I 
thinke they excell all the people of America ; of stature much 
higher than we; of complexion or colour, much Uke a darke 



1602] BRERETON'S BRIEFE AND TRUE RELATION 339 

Olive; their eie-browes and haire blacke, which they weare 
long, tied up behinde in knots, whereon they pricke feathers 
of fowles, in fashion of a crownet: some of them are blacke 
thin bearded ; they make beards of the haire of beasts : and 
one of them oflfered a beard of their making to one of our 
sailers, for his that grew on his face, which because it was of a 
red colour, they judged to be none of his owne. They are 
quicke eied, and stedfast in their looks, fearlesse of others 
harmes, as intending none themselves; some of the meaner 
sort given to filching, which the very name of Salvages (not 
weighing their ignorance in good or eviU) may easily excuse: 
their garments are of Deere skins, and some of them weare 
Furres round and close about their necks. They pronoimce our 
language with great facilitie ; for one of them one day sitting 
by me, upon occasion I spake smiling to him these words: 
How now (sirha) are you so saucie with my Tabacco ? which 
words (without any further repetition) he suddenly spake so 
plaine and distinctly, as if he had beene a long scholar in the 
language. Many other such trials we had, which are here 
needlesse to repeat. Their women (such as we saw) which 
were but three in all, were but lowe of statiu-e, their eie-browes, 
haire, apparell, and maner of wearing, like to the men, fat, 
and very well favoured, and much delighted in our compane ; 
the men are very dutifuU towards them. And truely, the 
holsomnesse and temperatiu-e of this Climat, doth not onely 
argue this people to be answerable to this description, but also 
of a perfect constitution of body, active, strong, healthfuU, 
and very wittie, as the sundry toies of theirs cunningly wrought, 
may easily witnes. For the agreeing of this Climat with us 
(I speake of my selfe, and so I may justly do for the rest of our 
companie) that we found our health and strength all the while 
we remained there, so to renew and increase, as notwithstanding 
our diet and lodging was none of the best, yet not one of our 
company (God be thanked) felt the least grudging or inclina- 
tion to any disease or sicknesse, but were much fatter and in 
better health than when we went out of England. But after 
our barke had taken in so much Sassafras, Cedar^ Furres, 



340 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [iflW 

Skiimes, and other commodities, a3 were thought convement; 
some of our company that had promised captaine Gosnold to 
stay,' having nothing but a saving voyage in their minds, 
made our company of inhabitants (which was small enough 
before) much smaller; so as captaine Gosnold seeing his 
whole strength to consist but of twelve men, and they but 
meanly provided, determined to returne for England, leaving 
this Island (which he called Ehzabeths Island) with as many 
true sorrowfuU eies, as were before desirous to see it. So the 
18 of June, being Friday, we weighed, and with indifferent 
faire winde and weather came to anker the 23 of July, being 
also Friday (in all, bare five weeks) before Exmouth.^ 

Your Lordships to command, 
John Brereton. 

' Gosnold seems to have had in mind a permanent trading post. Archer 
says, "The eighth wee divided the victuals, vu., the ships store for England, 
and that of the Planters, which by Captaine Gilberts allowance could be 
but Bixe weekea tor mxo moneths, whereby there tell out a controverae, tJie 
rather, for that some seemed secretly to understand of a purpose Captaine 
Gilbert had not to returne with supplie of the issue those goods should make 
by him to be carried home," 

' A towa m the \xiaaly of Devoa oa the e&st aide of the estuary of ibe 
Exe, and at present a celebrated watering-place. 



A VOYAGE SET OUT FROM THE CITIE OF 
BRISTOLL, 1603, BY MARTIN PRING 



r* i 



'i 






' 



1 ■■ 

J ■ -I 



. I 



» 



i 



■ ) 



, : li 






INTRODUCTION 

Martin Pring was only twenty-three years of age when, by 
'^sundry of the chief est merchants of Bristol/' he was placed 
in command of an expedition to the American coast. In 
making this venture, these merchants evidently received en- 
couragement from the reports brought back to England by 
Gosnold and his associates. Two vessels were employed in 
the expedition — one of about fifty tons, the SpeedioeU, com- 
manded by Pring, with Edward Jones as mate; and another 
of twenty-six tons, the Discoverer, commanded by William 
Broune, with Samuel Eirkland as mate, Pring being '^ Master 
and Chief Commander.'' Robert Salterne, who was on the 
American coast with Gosnold the year before, was chief agent 
and supercargo; and another of Gosnold's best men, John 
Angell, accompanied Pring. The mistake of Gosnold and Gil- 
bert the year before was not made by Pring's promoters, and 
permission for the undertaking was seciu'ed from Sir Walter 
Ral^h. 

Pring made a voyage to the coast of Guiana in 1604. In 
1606 he was again on the New England coast, and brought 
back with him such an encouraging report, with valuable 
information concerning the coast of Maine, that the Popham 
colony followed in 1607. It is supposed that Pring entered 
the East India service about that time, though no mention of 
him is found in that relation until 1614, when he was master 
of a large new ship. Piu'chas makes several extracts from 
manuscript joiunals of two voyages to the East Indies, made 
by him between 1614 and 1621. In the last of these voyages 
Pring commanded a squadron of five ships, one of which was of 
more than one thousand tons. In 1619, on the death of Dale, 

848 



344 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES 

Pring succeeded to the command of the whole English East 
India squadron. He returned to England in 1623. It is 
thought tliat he may have gone to Virginia two or three years 
later. If so, he died soon after hia return to England, as his 
monument in St. Stephen's Church, Bristol, records his death 
m 1626. 

The story of the voyage of 1603 was secured from Pring by 
Richard Hakluyt, but this of course was after the publicatioii 
of Hakluyt's great work. Many of Hakluyt's papers, however, 
after his death, which occurred in 1616, passed into the hands 
of Samuel Purehas, and this narrative of Pring's voyage ap- 
peared in Purchas's Pilgrimes, fourth volume, published in 
1625. The account of the voyage, though ascribed to Pring 
by Purehas, seems to have been written in part by other 
handa, as in the last paragraph, where mention of "our 
Captaine" is made. A careful reprint of the "Relation" 
appears in Winship's Sailors' Narratives of New England Voy- 
ages, pp. 53-63. A biographical account of Pring, by Pro- 
fessor Alfred L. P. Dennis, was printed by the Maine Historic^ 
Society in 1906, in its CoUections, third series, II. 1-50. 

H. s. a 






THE VOYAGE OF MARTIN PRING, 1603 

A Voyage set ovt from the Ciiie of BristoU at the charge of the 
chief est Merchants and inhabitants of the said Ciiie 
with a smaU Ship and a Barke for the discoverie of 
the North part of Virginia. 

We set saile from Milf ord Haven * (where the winds had 
stayed ns a fortnight, in which space we heard of Queen 
Elizabeths death) the tenth of Aprill 1603. In our course we 
passed by the lies of the A5ores, had first sight of the Pike/ 
and afterward of the Iland of Cuervo ' and Flores, and after 
we had runne some five hundred leagues, we fell with a multi- 
tude of small Hands on the North Coast of Virginia, in the 

latitude of 43. degrees, the of June, which Hands wee 

found very pleasant to behold, adorned with goodly grasse and 
sundry sorts of Trees, as Cedars, Spruce, Pine and Firre-trees. 
Heere wee found an excellent fishing for Cod, which are better 
then those of New-found-land, and withall we saw good and 
Rockie ground fit to drie them upon : also we see no reason to 
the contrary, but that Salt may bee made in these parts, a 
matter of no small importance. We sayled to the South- 
west end of these Hands, and there rode with our ships under 
one of the greatest. One of them we named Foxe Hand,* be- 
cause we found those kind of beasts thereon. So passing 
through the rest with our Boates to the mayne Land, which 
lieth for a good space North-east and Southwest, we 
found very safe riding among them, in sixe, seven, eight, ten 

^ A harbor of Pembrokeshire, Wales. It was from this port that John 
Cabot, in 1497, made his voyage to America. 

' The island called Pico, a high conical mountain. ' Or Corvo. 

* An island on the coast of Maine, east of Penobscot Bay. The group 
still bears the name. The larger islands of the group are North Haven and 
Vinalhaven. 

846 



S46 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [MM 

and twelve fathomes. At length comming to the Majme in the 
latitude of 43. degrees and a half e/ we ranged the same to 
the South-west. In which course we found foure Inlets, the 
most Easterly whereof was barred at the mouth/ but having 
passed over the barre, wee ranne up into it five miles, and for 
a certaine space found very good depth, and comming out 
againe, as we sailed South-westward, we lighted upon two 
other Inlets, which upon our search we found to pierce not 
farre into the land, the fourth and most Westerly was the 
best, which we rowed up ten or twelve miles. 

In all these places we found no people,^ but signes of fires 
where they had beene. Howbeit we beheld very goodly 
Groves and Woods replenished with tall Okes, Beeches, Pine- 
trees, Firre-trees, Hasels, Wich-hasels and Maples. We saw 
here also sundry sorts of Beasts, as Stags, Deere, Beares, 
Wolves, Foxes, Lusernes, and Dogges with sharpe noses. But 
meeting with no Sassafras, we left these places with all the 
foresaid Hands, shaping our course for Savage Rocke discov- 
ered the yeere before by Captaine Gosnold, where going upon 
the Mayne we found people, with whom we had no long con- 
versation, because here also we could find no Sassafras. De- 
parting hence ^ we bare into that great Gulfe which Captaine 
Gosnold over-shot the yeere before, coasting and finding people 
on the North side thereof. Not yet satisfied in our expecta- 
tion, we left them and sailed over, and came to an Anchor on 
the South side in the latitude of 41. degrees and odde minute: 
where we went on Land in a certaine Bay, which we called 
Whitson Bay,* by the name of the Worshipfull Master John 
Whitson then Major of the Citie of Bristoll, and one of the 

* It has been conjectured that this was the Saco River. The other inlets, 
then, would be the Kcnnebunk, York and Piscataqua rivers. 

' Probably at that season of the year the Indians were fishing at the falls 
of the river. 

'The language here does not necessarily locate Savage Rock at Cape 
Ann. The description evidently is generals not particular. 

* Bancroft, following Belknap, identifies Whitson 's Bay with the harbor 
of Pkigartown, Martha's Vineyard, which is in the latitude of 41° 2.5'. The 
narrative implies that Pring passed from the north to the south side of the 
"greate Gulfe," and Dr. De Costa {Mayazine of American History, VUI. 



1603] THE VOYAGE OF MARTIN PRINQ 347 

chiefe Adventurers, and finding a pleasant Hill thereunto 
adjoyning, we called it Mount Aldworth, for Master Robert 
Aldworths ^ sake a chiefe furtherer of the Voyage, as well with 
his Purse as with his travell.* Here we had sufficient quan- 
tise of Sassafras. 

At our going on shore, upon view of the people and sight 
of the place, wee thought it convenient to make a small 
baricado to keepe dihgent watch and ward in, for the advertize- 
ment and succour of our men, while they should worke in the 
Woods. During our abode on shore, the people of the Coun- 
trey came to our men sometimes ten, twentie, fortie or three- 
score, and at one time one hundred and twentie at once. 
We used them kindly, and gave them divers sorts of our mean- 
est Merchandize. They did eat Pease and Beanes with our 
men. Their owne victuals were most of fish. 

We had a youth in our company that could play upon a 
Gitteme, in whose homely Music they tooke great delight, and 
would give him many things, as Tobacco, Tobacco-pipes, 
Snakes skinnes of sixe foot long, which they use for Girdles, 
Fawnes skinnes, and such like, and danced twentie in a Ring, 
and the Gitteme in the middest of them, using many Savage 
gestures, singing lo, la, lo, la, la, lo: him that first brake 
the ring, the rest would knocke and cry out upon. Some few 
of them had plates of Brasse a foot long, and halfe a foote 
broad before their breasts. Their Weapons are Bowes of 
five or sixe foot long of Wich-hasell, painted blacke and yel- 
low, the strings of three twists of sinewes, bigger then our Bow- 
strings. Their Arrowes are of a yard and an handfull long 
not made of Reeds, but of a fine light wood very smooth 
and round with three long and deepe blacke feathers of some 
Eagle, Vulture, or Kite, as closely fastened with some bind- 

807-819), more accurately, it would seem, identifies Whitson's Bay with 
Plymouth harbor. 

* Robert Aldworth was a son of Thomas Aldworth, a prominent mer- 
chant of Bristol, and the patron of Hakluyt. He died in 1590. His son 
Robert inherited his father's interest in western discovery and colonization. 
With Giles Elbridge he obtained, in 1631, letters patent for a grant of land 
at Pemaquid. He died in 1634. '/.e., travaiL 



348 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [leos 

ing matter, as any Fletcher of ours can glue them on. Their 
Quivers are full a yard long, and made of long dried Rushes 
wrought about two handfuls broad above, and one handfull 
beneath with prettie workes and compartiments, Diamant wise 
of red and other colours. 

We carried with us from Bristoll two excellent Mastives, 
of whom the Indians were more afraid, then of twentie of our 
men. One of these Mastives would carrie a halfe Pike in his 
mouth. And one Master Thomas Bridges a Grentleman of 
our company accompanied only with one of these Dogs, and 
passed sixe miles alone in the Countrey having lost his fd- 
lowes, and returned safely. And when we would be rid of the 
Savages company wee would let loose the Mastives, and sud- 
denly with out-cryes they would flee away. These people in 
colour are inclined to a swart, tawnie, or Chestnut colour, not 
by nature but accidentally, and doe weare their haire brayded 
in foure parts, and trussed up about their heads with a smaD 
knot behind : in which haire of theirs they sticke many feath- 
ers and toyes for braverie and pleasure. They cover their 
privities only with a piece of leather drawne betwixt their 
twists and fastened to their Girdles behind and before : where- 
unto they hang their bags of Tobacco. They seeme to bee 
somewhat jealous of their women, for we saw not past two of 
them, who weare Aprons of Leather skins before them downe 
to the knees, and a Beares skinne like an Irish Mantle over 
one shoulder. The men are of stature somewhat taller then 
our ordinary people, strong, swift, well proportioned, and 
given to treacherie, as in the end we perceived. 

Their Boats, whereof we brought one to Bristoll, were in 
proportion like a Wherrie of the River Thames, seventeene 
foot long and foure foot broad, and made of the Barke of a 
Birch-tree, farre exceeding in bignesse those of England: it 
was sowed together with strong and tough Oziers or twigs, 
and the seames covered over with Rozen or Turpentine little 
inferiour in sweetnesse to Frankincense, as we made triall 
by burning a little thereof on the coales at sundry times after 
our coming home : it was also open like a Wherrie, and sharpe 



1603] THE VOYAGE OF MARTIN PMNQ 849 

at both endS; saving that the beake was a little bending roundly 
upward. And though it oarried nine men standing upright, 
yet it weighed not at the most above sixtie pounds in weight, 
a thing almost incredible in r^ard of the largenesse and capaci- 
tie thereof/ Their Oares were flat at the end like an Oven 
peele,^ made of Ash or Maple very light and strong, about two 
yards long, wherewith they row very swiftly: Passing up a 
River we saw certaine Cottages together, abandoned by the 
Savages, and not farre off we beheld their Gardens and one 
among the rest of an Acre of ground, and in the same was sowne 
Tobacco, pompions, cowcumbers and such like; and some of 
the people had Maiz or Indian Wheate among them. In the 
fields we found wild Pease, Strawberries very f aire and bigge. 
Gooseberries, Raspices, Hurts, and other wild fruits. 

Having spent three Weeks upon the Coast before we came 
to this place where we meant to stay and take in our lading, 
according to our instructions given us in charge before our 
setting forth, we pared and digged up the Earth with shov- 
els, and sowed Wheate, Barley, Gates, Pease, and sundry 
sorts of Garden Seeds, which for the time of our abode there, 
being about seven Weeks, although they were late sowne, 
came up very well, giving certaine testimonie of the good- 
nesse of the Climate and of the Soyle. And it seemeth that 
Cade, Hempe, Flaxe, Rape-seed and •such like which require 
a rich and fat ground, woiild prosper excellently in these parts. 
For in divers places here we found grasse above knee deepe. 

As for Trees the Country yeeldeth Sassafras a plant of 
sovereigne vertue for the French Poxe, and as some of late have 
learnedly written good against the Plague and many other 
Maladies; Vines, Cedars, Okes, Ashes, Beeches, Birch trees, 
Cherie trees bearing fruit whereof wee did eate, Hasels, Wich- 
hasels, the best wood of all other to make Sope-ashes withall. 
Walnut-trees, Maples, holy to make Bird-lime with, and a 
kinde of tree bearing a fruit like a small red Peare-plum with 
a crowne or knop on the top (a plant whereof carefully wrapped 

^ A baker's wooden shovel. 



860 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [lOtt 

up in earth, Master Robert Salteme brought to BristoD.) 
We found also low trees bearing faire Cheries. There were 
likewise a white kind of Plums which were growne to thdr 
perfect ripenesse. With divers other sorts of trees to us un- 
knowne. 

The Beasts here are Stags, fallow Deere in abundance, 
Beares, Wolves, Foxes, Lusemes, and (some say) Tygres, 
Porcupines, and Dogges with sharpe and long noses, with many 
other sorts of wild beasts, whose Cases and Furres being here- 
after purchased by exchange may yeeld no smal gaine to u& 
Since as we are certainly informed, the Frenchmen brought 
from Canada the value of thirtie thousand Crownes in the yeare 
1604. Almost in Bevers and Otters skinnes only. The most 
usuall Fowles are Eagles, Vultures, Hawkes, Cranes, Herons, 
Crowes, Gulls, and great store of other River and Sea-fowles. 
And as the Land is full of Gods good blessings, so is the Sea 
replenished with great abundance of excellent fish, as Cods 
suifficient to lade many ships, which we found upon the Coast 
in the moneth of Jime, Scales to make Oile withall, MulletS) 
Turbuts, Mackerels, Herrings, Crabs, Lobsters, Creuises and 
Muscles with ragged Pearles in them. 

By the end of July we had laded our small Barke called the 
Discoverer J with as much Sassafras ^ as we thought suflBcient, 
and sent her home into England before, to give some speedie 
contentment to the Adventurers ; who arrived safely in King- 
rode ^ above a fortnight before us. After their departure we 
so bestirred our selves, that our shippe also had gotten in her 
lading, during which time there fell out this accident. On a 
day about noone tide while our men which used to cut down 
Sassafras in the Woods were asleepe, as they used to doe for 
two houres in the heat of the day, there came downe about 
seven score Savages armed with their Bowes and Arrowes, 
and environed our House or Barricado, wherein were foure of 
our men alone with their Muskets to keepe Centinell, whom they 

> Evidently the voyage was not for discovery, but for this marketable 
commodity. 

* A channel in the estuary of the Severn, near Bristol. 



1603] THE VOYAGE OF MAETIN PRINQ 361 

sought to have come downe unto them, which they utterly 
refused, and stood upon their guard. Oiu* Master likewise 
being very carefull and circumspect having not past two with 
liim in the shippe put the same in the best defence he could, 
lest they should have invaded the same, and caused a piece of 
great Ordnance to bee shot off, to give terrour to the Indians, 
and warning to our men which were fast asleepe in the Woods : 
at the noyse of which Peece they were a Uttle awaked, and 
b^anne a little to call for Foole and Gallant, their great and 
fearefull Mastives, and full quietly laid themselves downe 
againe, but beeing quickned up eftsoones againe with a sec- 
ond shot they rowsed up themselves, betooke them to their 
weapons and with their Mastives, great Foole with an halfe 
Pike in his mouth drew downe to their ship : whom when the 
Indians beheld afarre off, with the Mastive which they most 
feared, in dissembling manner they turned all to a jest and 
sport, and departed away in friendly manner: yet not long 
after, even the day before our departure, they set fire on the 
Woods where wee wrought, which wee did behold to bume 
for a mile space, and the very same day that wee weighed 
Anchor, they came downe to the shoare in greater number, 
to wit, very neere two himdred by our estimation, and some 
of them came in their Boates to our ship, and would have had 
us come in againe : but we sent them backe, and would none of 
their entertainment. 

About the eighth or ninth of August, wee left this excellent 
Haven at the entrance whereof we foimd twentie fathomes 
water, and rode at our ease in seven fathomes being Land- 
locked, the Haven winding in compasse like the shell of a 
snaile, and it is in latitude of one and forty degrees and five 
and twentie minutes. 

This by the way is not to be forgotten, that our Captaine 
fell so much to the Northward because he would find high 
groimds, where commonly the best Havens are: which also 
fell out to his expectation. We also observed that we could 
find no Sassafras but in sandie ground. In our retume we 
brought our selves into the latitude of eight and thirtie d^ees 



up in earth, Ibster JRobert Sittene faroti^liin five weeto 
We found also low trees bearing bin Chr che Soundings ti 
likewise a irtiite bnd <d Phmis wfaidi f jed with Easteri; 
perfect ripaiesBe. With dims offaer r ',, the seoond of Octo- 
knowne. j monethe and an halfe. 

The Beastfl here are Stags, f^ a upon the Voyage. 
Beares, Wolves, Foxes, Lubctp ^^^ faim^-J-o from tfa. 
Porcupines, and Dogges with v ^^^ Dnka^ &et in 1SS7. In Um 
other sorts of wild beasts, w' ^'^. also.DntoliidavBmelof thewno 
after purchased by exchar ^'-- - ^""^^ ^^L^i^^ Z^ 

-,, • , • 1 ;iia]iy cnerchuuiiUB CDgagea in tJiMX, mono- 

Smce as we are certain' ,f pang's voya8^ thntfore, may h&ve bm 

from Canada the value ^ke id 1587 &nd 158S. 

1604. Almost in fr 

usual] Fowies are ' 

Crowes, Gulla, s 

And as the Ij- 

replenished ■ 

sufficient * 

in the X) 












% 



A TRUE RELATION OF THE VOYAGE OF 
CAPTAINE GEORGE WAYMOUTH, 1605, 
BY JAMES ROSIER 



353 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [ifltB 

about the Azores for certaine causes, and within five weekes 
space came from our Port of Virginia, into the Soundings of 
England, but there being long encountred with Easterly 
winds, we came at length into Kingrode, tJie second of Octo- 
ber 1603. The Discoverer was out five moneths and an halfe. 
The Speedwell ' was out sixe moneths upon the Voyage. 

' A vessel bearing thia name and with a like tonnage — alao from U* 
same part of England — was in Sir Francis Drake's fleet in 1587. In ibe 
fight with the Spanish Armada in 15S8, also, Drake had a vessel of tlie sam« 
name and about the same tonnage — probably the one with Drake in the 
preceding year, and one of the many merchantmen engaged in that memo- 
rable contest. The Speedwell of Pring's voyage, therefore, may have been 
the vessel which was with Drake in 15S7 and 1538. 



I 



A TRUE RELATION OF THE VOYAGE OF 
CAPTAINE GEORGE WAYMOUTH, 1605, 
BY JAMES ROSIER 



■ 



I 



!■ i 







I 



. 1 

■ j • ■■ ■ ■ 



-.1 



1 






INTRODUCTION 

George Waymouth was a native of Cockington, Devon, 
In the Introduction to " The Jewell of Artes/' — a manu- 
script volume by Wa3rmouth in the King's Library, British 
Musemn, — Waymouth refers to the education he received 
on "four prentize shipps/' and the volimie shows in various 
ways that he was an accompUshed draughtsman, mathematician, 
and engineer, and not merely a brave and resourceful sailor 
as was formeriy supposed. In 1602, under the auspices of "the 
Worshipful Fellowship of the Merchants of London trading into 
the East Indies " (East India Company), Waymouth made a 
voyage in search of a northwest passage to India, but met with 
the usual insuperable diflGiculties. He reached Dartmouth 
Haven, on his return, August 5, 1602, a few days after Gosnold's 
arrival from his successful New England voyage. Waymouth's 
next venture was in this voyage of 1605, of which Henry 
Wriothesley, Earl of Southampton, and Thomas ArundeU 
were the principal promoters. There must have been marked 
defects in Waymouth's character, for after his return from 
this successful voyage he failed to obtain the advancement he 
sought. A small government pension was at length awarded 
to him, but as no payment is recorded after 1612, it may be 
inferred that he died about that time. Concerning James 
Rosier, the author of the Relation, little is known except in con- 
nection with this voyage. A James Rosier was in Gosnold's 
expedition to the American coast in 1602. (Brown's Genesis of 
the United States, I. 26), and it is probable that he is to be iden- 
tified with the author of the Relation of Waymouth's voyage. 
It is suggested by Baxter (Sir Ferdinando Gorges) that Rosier 
may have been a Catholic priest. The Relation was printed 

866 



EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES 



I 



at London in 1605, and included by Purchas in his P^grirnts, 
1625. A reprint from a copy procured in England by Jared 
Sparks appeared in Volume VIII. of the third series of the 
Collections oj i/te Massachusetts Historical Society, pp. 129- 
157, and this copy thus obtained was reprinted with notes, etc., 
at Bath, Maine, in 1S60, by Captam George Prince. In 1887 
tbe Gorges Society, of Portland, Maine, reprinted the RelcUion 
frona an original printed copy of 1605, in the John Carter 
Brown Library, Providence, Rhode Island, the reprint being 
accxjnipanied with introductions, notes, etc., by Henry S. Bur- 
rage, D-D. A careful reprint, also from the copy in the 
John Carter Brown Library, will be found in Winship's Saikm' 
Narratives of New England Voyages, 1906, 

H. S.B. 



TRUE RELATION OF WAYMOUTH'S 

VOYAGE, 1605 

A True Relation of the most prosperous voyage made this present 

yeere 1605, by Captaine George Waymouthf in the 

Discovery of the Land of Virginia: 
Where he discovered 60 miles up a most excellent River; together 

miJth a most fertile land. 
Written by James Rosier, a Gentleman employed in the voyage. 

LfOndini, Impensis Geor. Bishop, 1605 ^ 

TO THE READER 

BEma employed in this Voyage by the right honourable 
Thomas Arundell * Baron of Warder, to take due notice, and 
make true report of the discovery therein performed: I 
became very diligent to observe (as much as I could) whatso- 
ever was materiall or of consequence in the businesse which I 
collected into this briefe summe, intending upon our retume 
to pubUsh the same. But he soone changed the course of his 
intendments; and long before our arrivall in England had so 
farre engaged himselfe with the Archduke,' that he was con- 
strained to relinquish this action. But the commodities 
and profits of the coimtrey, together with the fitnesse of plan- 
tation, being by some honourable Gentlemen of good woorth 
and quaUtie, and Merchants of good sufficiency and judgment 
duly considered, have at their owne charge (intending both 

* This italic heading is copied from the title-page of the printed book. 

' Thomas Anmdell, first Lord Anmdell of Wardour, was elevated to the 
peerage May 4, 1605. 

• Meaning the Archduke Albert, who, jointly with his wife, the Infanta 
Isabella, sister of Philip III. of Spain, was regent of the Spanish Netherlands. 
In August, 1605, Arundell was appointed colonel of one of the Archduke's 
English regiments. 

867 



358 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [ie» 

their private and the common benefit of then* coimtrey) 
undertaken the transportmg of a Colony for the plantation 
thereof ; ^ being much encouraged thereimto by the gracious 
favour of the Kings Majesty himself e, and divers Lords of his 
Highnesse most Honourable Privie Councell. After these pur- 
posed designes were concluded, I was animated to publish this 
brief e Relation, and not before; because some forrein Nation 
(being fully assured of the fruitfulnesse of the countrie) have 
hoped hereby to gaine some knowledge of the place, seeing 
they could not allure our Captaine or any speciall man of our 
Company to combine with them for their direction, nor ob- 
taine their purpose, in convejdng away our Salvages, which was 
busily in practise. And this is the cause that I have neith^ 
written of the latitude or variation most exactly observed by 
our Captaine with sundrie instruments, which together witii 
his perfect Geographicall Map of the countrey, he entendeth 
hereafter to set forth. I have likewise purposedly omitted 
here to adde a collection of many words in their language 
to the nimaber of foure or five hundred, as also the names of 
divers of their go vemours, as well their friends as their enemies : 
being reserved to be made knowen for the benefit of those that 
shal goe in the next Voyage. But our particular proceedings 
in the whole Diseoverie, the commodious situation of the 
River, the fertilitie of the land, with the profits there to be 
had, and here reported, I refer to be verified by the whole Com- 
pany, as being eye-witnesses of my words, and most of them 
neere inhabitants upon the Thames. So with my prayers to 

* Prominent among them were Sir Ferdinando Gorges and Sir John 
Popham, Lord Chief Justice of England. Sir Ferdinando, in August of the 
following year, fitted out a vessel, under the command of Henry Challoung, 
to renew the exploration. Before he had begun this, however, the vessel was 
captured and confiscated by the Spaniards. Not long after Challoung's 
departure, Sir John Popham sent out another vessel, of which Thomas 
Hanham was commander and Martin Pring was master. They made "a 
perfect discovery of all those rivers and harbors" to which their attention 
had been directed by Gorges, and then returned to England. The report 
brought back by them made such an impression on Sir John Popham, 
Gorges, and their associates, that the Popham Colony was sent out in the 
following year. 



1006] ROSIER'S TRUE RELATION 369 

God for the conversion of so ingenious and well-disposed people, 
and for the prosperous successive events of the noble intenders 
the prosecution thereof, I rest 

Your friend J. R. 

A TRUE RELATION 

of Captaine George WaymoiUh his Voyage, made this present 
yeere 1606 ; in the Discoverie of the North part of 
Virginia. 

Upon Tuesday the 5 day of March, about ten a clocke afore 
noone, we set saUe from Ratclifife,^ and came to an anker that 
tide about two a clocke before Gravesend.' 

From thence the 10 of March being Sunday at night we 
ankered in the Downes : ' and there rode till the next day 
about three a clocke after noone, when with a scant winde we 
set saile; and by reason the winde continued Southwardly, 
we were beaten up and doune: but on Saturday the 16 day 
about foure a clocke after noon we put into Dartmouth Haven,* 
"vrtiere the continuance of the winde at South and Southwest 
constrained us to ride till the last of this moneth. There we 
shipped some of our men and supplied necessaries for our Ship 
and Voyage. 

Upon Easter day, being the last of March, the winde com- 
ming at North-North-East, about five a clocke after noone we 
wayed anker, and put to sea. In the name of God, being weU 
victualled and furnished with munition and all necessaries: 
Our whole Company being but 29 persons; of whom I may 
boldly say, few voyages have beene manned forth with betto: 
Sea-men generally in respect of our small niunber. 

Munday the next day, being the first of Aprill, by sixe 
a clocke in the morning we were sixe leagues South-South-East 
from the Lizarde. 

* A hamlet on the Thames below London. 

* Thirty miles below London on the Thames. 

* North of Dover, between Goodwin Sands and the mainland. 

^ On the southern coast of England, two hundred and twenty-nine miles 
from London. 




aeO EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES 

At two a clocke in the afternoone this day, the " 
bong very falire, nur Cuptaine for his owne experience and 
others with him sounded, and had slxe and fiftie fathoms and 
a half& Th€' sjunding was some small blacke perrie sand,' 
some reddiah nand, a match or two, with small shels called 
Saint James his Shels.^ 

The foureteenth of April! being Sunday, betweene nine and 
tfOi of the clocke In the morning om- Captaine descried die 
Hand Cuervo:' which bare South-west and by West, about 
seven leagues from us: by eleven of the clocke we descried 
fWes to the Southward of Cuervo, as it lieth ; by foure a 
clocke in the afternoone we brought Cuervo due South from 
us within two leiigues of the shore, but we touched not, be- 
cause the winde was faire, and we thought our selves suffi- 
ciently watered and wooded. 

Heere our Captaine observed the Sunne, and found himselfe 
in the latitude of 40 degrees and 7 minutes: so he judged the 
North part of Cuervo to be in 40 degrees. After we had kept 
our course about a hundred leagues from the Hands, by con- 
tinuall Southerly windes we were forced and driven from the 
Southward, whither we first intended. And when our Cap- 
taine by long beating saw it was but in vaine to strive witi 
windes, not knowing Gods purposes heerein to our further 
blessing, (which after by his especiall direction wee found) 
he thought best to stand as nigh as he could by the winde to 
recover what land we might first discover. 

Munday, the 6 of May, being in the latitude of 39 and a 
halfe about ten a clocke afore noone, we came to a riplin,* 
which we discerned a head our ship, which is a breach of water 
caused either by a fall, or by some meeting of currents, which 
we judged this to be; for the weather being very faire, and 
a small gale of winde, we sounded and found no ground in a 
hundred fathoms. 

' Sand mingled with groins of magnetic iron ore. 

' The association of the name St. James with the sc&llop, here Ptctm 
opercTiiaris, owes its origin to a Spanish legend. ' Corvo. 

' Well-marked tide-rips are observed off Nantucket during the flood and 
ebb tide, resembling bre&keia in shoal water. 



1«6] EOSIER'S TRUE RELATION 861 

Munday, the 13 of May, about eleven a clocke afore noone, 
our Captaine, judging we were not farre from land, sounded, 
and had a soft oaze in a hundred and sixty fathomes. At 
fowre a clocke after noone we sounded againe, and had the same 
oaze in a hundred fathoms. 

From ten a clocke that night till three a clocke in the morn- 
ing, our Captaine tooke in all sailes and lay at hull, being de- 
sirous to fall with the land in the day time, because it was 
an imknowen coast, which it pleased God in his mercy to grant 
us, otherwise we had run our ship upon the hidden rockes and 
perished all. For when we set saUe we sounded in 100 fath- 
oms : and by eight a clock, having not made above five or six 
leagues, our Captaine upon a sudden change of water (sup- 
posing verily he saw the sand) presently sounded, and had 
but five fathoms. Much marvelling because we saw no land, 
he sent one to the top, who thence descried a whitish sandy 
cliflfe,* which bare West-North-West about six leagues off 
from us: but comming neerer within three or fowre leagues, 
we saw many breaches still neerer the land : at last we espied 
a great breach a head us al along the shore, into which before 
we should enter, our Captaine thought best to hoist out his 
ship boate and sound it. Which if he had not done, we had 
beene in great danger : for he bare up the ship, as neere as he 
durst after the boate : untill Thomas Cam, his mate, being in 
the boat, called to him to tacke about and stand off, for in this 
breach he had very showld water, two fathoms and lesse upon 
rockes, and sometime they supposed they saw the rocke within 
three or fowre foote, whereon the sea made a very strong 
breach : which we might disceme (from the top) to run along 
as we sailed by it 6 or 7 leagues to the Southward. This was 
in the latitude of 41 d^ees, 20 minuts: wherefore we were 
constrained to put backe againe from the land : and sounding, 
(the weather being very faire and a small winde) we found om* 
selves embaied with continuall showldes and rockes in a most 

^Sankaty Head, the eastern extremity of Nantucket. Waymouth 
approached the Great Rip, and found himself on what is now known as Rose 
and Crown Shoal. 



362 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1806 

uncertaine ground, from five or sixe fathoms, at the next cast 
of the lead we should have 15 and 18 fathoms. Over many 
which we passed, and God so blessed us, that we had wind and 
weather as faire as poore men in this distresse could wish: 
whereby we both perfectly discerned every breach, and with 
the winde were able to tiune, where we saw most hope of 
safest passage. Thus we parted from the land, which we had 
not so much before desired, and at the first sight rejoiced, 
as now we all joifully praised God, that it had pleased hJTn to 
deUver us from so imminent danger. 

Heere we found great store of excellent Cod fish, and saw 
many Whales, as we had done two or three daies before. 

We stood off all that night, and the next day being 
Wednesday ; but the wind still continuing between the points 
of South-South- West, and West-South- West : so as we could 
not make any way to the Southward, in regard of our great 
want of water and wood (which was now spent) we much de- 
sired land and therefore sought for it, where the wind would 
best suffer us to refresh our selves. 

Thursday, the 16 of May, we stood in directly with tiie 
land, and much marvelled we descried it not, wherein we found 
our sea charts very false, putting land where none is. 

Friday the 17 of May, about sixe a clocke at night we de- 
scried the land, which bare from us North-North-East; but 
because it blew a great gale of winde, the sea very high and 
neere night, not fit to come upon an unknowen coast, we stood 
off till two a clocke in the morning, being Saturday: then 
standing in with it againe, we descried it by eight a clocke in the 
morning, bearing North-East from us. It appeared a meane 
high land, as we after found it, being but an Iland ^ of some six 
miles in compasse, but I hope the most fortunate ever yet 
discovred. About twelve a clocke that day, we came to 
an anker on the North side of this Iland, about a league from 
the shore. About two a clocke our Captaine with twelve 

* Monhegan, off the coast of Maine. It lies northeast and southwest, is 
a mile and a half long, high, with steep rocky or sloping shores. Close in 
with the western shore is an island called Manaua, forming a smaU harbor. 



leos] ROSIER'S TRUE RELATION 363 

men rowed in his ship boat to the shore, where we made no 
long stay, but laded our boat with dry wood of olde trees 
upon the shore side, and returned to our ship, where we rode 
that night. 

This Hand is woody, grouen with Firre, Birch, Oke and 
Beech, as f arre as we saw along the shore ; and so likely to be 
within. On the verge grow Gooseberries, Strawberries, Wild 
pease, and Wild rose bushes. The water issued foorth downe 
the Rocky clififes in many places : and much f owle of divers 
kinds breed upon the shore and rocks. 

While we were at shore, our men aboord with a few hooks 
got above thirty great Cods and Hadocks, which gave us a 
taste of the great plenty of fish which we found afterward 
wheresoever we went upon the coast. 

From hence * we might disceme the maine land from the 
West-South- West to the East-North-East, and a great way 
(as it then seemed, and as we after found it) up into the maine 
we might disceme very high mountaines,' though the maine 
seemed but low land ; which gave us a hope it would please 
God to direct us to the discoverie of some good ; although wee 
were driven by winds farre from that place, whither (both by 
our direction and desire) we ever intended to shape the course 
of our voyage. 

The next day being Whit-Sunday; because we rode too 
much open to the sea and windes, we weyed anker about 
twelve a clocke, and came along to the other Hands more ad- 
joyning to the maine,' and in the rode directly with the moun- 
taines, about three leagues from the first Hand where we had 
ankered. 

^ Possibly from Monhegan, but naturally from the deck of the Arckangd 
at its anchorage north of the island. The name of Waymouth's vessel is 
not given by Rosier, but is mentioned in the account of the voyage found 
in Ptarchaa his Pilgrimes. 

' Union and Camden moimtains. That they could not have been the 
White Mountains, as formerly maintained, see the edition of Hosier's True 
Relation, published by the Gorges Society, pp. 96-100. 

' The St. George's Islands, sixteen in number, are in the direction in- 
dicated. Hosier's distance is an estimate, and, as usual with the estimates 
in the RelaUan, is in excess of actual measurements. 



364 EABLT ENGLISH VOTAQES [IflK 

When we came neere unto them (sounding all along in a 
good depth) our Captaine manned his ship-boat and sent her 
before with Thomas Cam one of his Mates^ whom he knew to 
be of good experience, to sound and search betweene the Hands 
for a place safe for our shippe to ride in ; in the meane whik 
we kept aloofe at sea, having given them in the boat a tok^ * 
to weff e in the ship, if he found a convenient Harbour ; which it 
pleased God to send us, farre beyond our expectation, in a most 
safe birth defended from all windes, in an excellent depth of 
water for ships of any bm'then, in six, seven, eight, nine and 
ten fathoms upon a clay oaze very tough. 

We all with great joy praised God for his unspeakable 
goodnesse, who had from so apparent danger delivered us, 
and directed us upon this day into so secure an Harbour: in 
remembrance whereof we named it Pentecost harbor,* we 
arriving there that day out of our last Harbour in Englaiui, 
from whence we set saile upon Easterday. 

About foure a clocke, after we were ankered and well mored, 
our Captaine with halfe a dozen of om' Company went on 
shore* to seeke fresh watering, and a convenient place to 
set together a pinnesse, which we brought in pieces out of 
England; both which we found very fitting. 

Upon this Hand, as also upon the former, we found (at 
our first comming to shore) where fire had beene made: and 
about the place were very great egge shelles bigger than 
goose egges, fish bones, and as we judged, the bones of some 
beast. 

Here we espied Cranes stalking on the shore of a Uttle 
Hand adjoyning;^ where we after saw they used to 
breed. 

Whitsun-munday, the 20 day of May, very early in the 
morning, our Captaine caused the pieces of the pinnesse to be 
carried a shore, where while some were busied about her, 

* St. George's Harbor, which fully answers the requirements of the Re- 
lation. ' Allen's Island. 

' Benner's Island, which is separated from Allen's Island by a passa^ 
about two hundred yards wide. 



Id06] BOSIEB'S TBUE RELATION 365 

others digged welles to receive the fresh water, which we 
found issuing downe out of the land in many places. Heere I 
cannot omit (for foolish feare of imputation of flattery) the 
painfull industry of our Captaine, who as at sea he is alwayes 
most carefull and vigilant, so at land he refuseth no paines; 
but his labour was ever as much or rather more than any mans : 
which not only encourageth others with better content, but also 
effecteth much with great expedition. 

In digging we found exceUent clay for bricke or tile. 

The next day we finished a weU of good and holesome cleere 
water in a great empty caske, which we left there. We cut 
yards, waste trees, and many necessaries for our ship, while 
our Carpenter and Cooper laboured to fit and furnish forth the 
shallop. 

TWs day om* boat went out about a mile from om* ship, 
and in small time with two or three hooks was fished suffi- 
ciently for our whole Company three dayes, with great Cod, 
Haddocke, and Thomebacke. 

And towards night we drew with a small net of twenty 
fathoms very nigh the shore : we got about thirty very good 
and great Lobsters, many Rockfish, some Plaise, and other 
small fishes, and fishes called Liunpes,^ verie pleasant to the 
taste: and we generally observed, that all the fish, of what 
kinde soever we tooke, were well fed, fat, and sweet in 
taste. 

Wednesday, the 22 of May, we felled and cut wood for our 
ships use, cleansed and scoured om* wels, and digged a plot of 
ground, wherein, amongst some garden seeds, we sowed peaze 
and barley, which in sixteen dayes grew eight inches above 
ground ; and so continued growing every day half e an inch, 
although this was but the crust of the ground, and much in- 
ferior to the mould we after found in the maine. 

Friday, the 24 of May, after we had made an end of cutting 
wood, and carying water aboord our shippe, with fourteene 
Shot and Pikes we marched about and thorow part of two of 

* So called from the clumsiness of their form. They are still occasionally 
found in these waters. 



866 



EAELY ENGLISH VOYAGES 



[16tt 



the Hands; the bigger of which we judged to be foure or five 
miles in compasse^ and a mile broad/ 

The profits and fruits which are naturally on these Saods 
are these: 



All along the shore and some 
space within, where the wood 
hindereth not, grow plentifully 



Within the Hands growe 
wood of sundry sorts, some very 
great, and all tall: 



fRasbemes. 
Gooseberries. 
Strawberries. 
Roses. 
Currants. 
Wild-Vmes. 
Angelica.' 

Birch. 

Beech. 

Ash. 

Maple. 

Spruce. 

Cherry-tree. 



Yew. 

Oke very great and good. 
LFirre-tree, out of which 
issueth Turpentine in so marvellous plenty, and so sweet, 
as our Chirurgeon and others affirmed they never saw so good 
in England. We pulled off much Gumme congealed on the 
outside of the barke, which smelled like Frankincense. This 
would be a great benefit for making Tarre and Pitch. 

We stayed the longer in this place, not only because of our 
good Harbour, (which is an excellent comfort) but because 
every day we did more and more discover the pleasant fruit- 
fulnesse; insomuch as many of our Companie wished them- 
selves setled heere, not expecting any further hopes, or better 
discovery to be made. 

Heere our men found abundance of great muscels among the 

*Monhegan appeared to Rosier to be "some six miles in compasse." 
Allen's Island is longer than Monhegan, but not so wide. 

' An umbelliferous plant, so called because of its supposed angelic vi^ 
lues. 



Ifl06] ROSIER'S TRUE RELATION 367 

rocks; and in some of them many small Pearls: and in one 
muscell (which we drew up in our net) was found foureteene 
Pearles/ whereof one of prety bignesse and orient; in another 
above fif tie small Pearles ; and if we had had a Drag, no doubt 
we had found some of great valew, seeing these did certainly 
shew, that heere they were bred : the shels all glistering with 
mother of Pearle. 

Wednesday, the 29 day, our shallop being now finished, 
and our Captaine and men furnished to depart with hir from 
the ship : we set up a crosse* on the shore side upon the rockes. 

Thursday, the 30 of May, about ten a clock afore noon, 
our Captaine with 13 men more, in the name of God, and with 
aU our praiers for theh- prosperous discoverie, and safe retume, 
departed in the shallop ; leaving the ship in a good harbour, 
which before I mentioned, well mored, and manned with 14 
men. 

This day, about five a clocke in the aftemoone, we in the 
shippe espied three Canoas commmg towards us, which went 
to tiie Hand adjoining, where they went a shore, and very 
quickly had made a fire, about which they stood beholding our 
diips: to whom we made signes with our hands and hats, 
weffing unto them to come unto us, because we had not seene 
any of the people yet. They sent one Canoa with three men, 
one of which, when they came neere unto us, spake in his lan- 
guage very lowd and very boldly : seeming as though he would 
know why we were there, and by pointing with his oare towards 
the sea, we conjectured he ment we should be gone. But when 

^ When the Pilgrims anchored the MayfUnoer in Provincetown harbor, 
they found, according to Mourt's ReUUian, "great Mussles and very fat and 
full of Sea pearle/' 

' This is the only cross Rosier mentions as set up by Waymouth on any 
island, and Rosier says, farther on in the Relation, that no crosses were 
found that had been set up by others. The Popham colonists, coming to 
the coast, and anchoring in Pentecost harbor two years later, found a cross 
on one of the islands forming the harbor, ** which we suppose," says the writer 
of the narrative of the voyage, "was Sett up by George Wayman." In com- 
memoration of Waymouth 's erection of a cross on one of the islands enclosing 
Pentecost harbor, a stone cross was erected on Allen's Island in the summer 
of 1905, the tercentenary of Waymouth's visit to the coast of Maine. 



S68 EABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [laoi 

we shewed them knives and their use^ by cutting of stickes 
and other trifles, as combs and glasses, they came close aboard 
our ship, as desirous to entertaine our friendship. To these 
we gave such things as we perceived they liked, when wee 
shewed them the use: bracelets, rings, peacocke feathers, 
which they stucke in their haire, and Tabacco pipes. After 
their departure to their company on the shore, presently came 
foure other in another Canoa : to whom we gave as to the for^ 
mer, using them with as much kindnes as we could. 

The shape of their body is very proportionable, they are 
wel countenanced, not very tal nor big, but in stature like to 
us : they paint their bodies with blacke, their faces, some with 
red, some with blacke, and some with blew. 

Their clothing is Beavers skins, or Deares skins, cast over 
them like a mantle, and hanging downe to their knees, made 
fast together upon the shoulder with leather ; some of them had 
sleeves, most had none; some had buskins of such leather 
tewed: they have besides a peece of Beavers skin betweene 
their legs, made fast about their waste, to cover their privities. 

They sufifer no haire to grow on their faces, but on their 
head very long and very blacke, which those that have 
wives, binde up behinde with a leather string, in a long round 
knot. 

They seemed all very civill and merrie : shewing tokens of 
much thankefulnesse, for those things we gave them. We 
found them then (as after) a people of exceeding good inven- 
tion, quicke understanding and readie capacitie. 

Their Canoas are made without any iron, of the bark of a 
birch tree, strengthened within with ribs and hoops of wood, 
in so good fashion, with such excellent ingenious art, as they 
are able to beare seven or eight persons, far exceeding any in 
the Indies. 

One of their Canoas came not to us, wherein we imagined 
their women were: of whom they are (as all Salvages) very 
jealous. 

When I signed unto them they should goe sleepe, because 
it was night, they understood presently, and pointed that at 



leOS] EOSIEE'S TEUE RELATION 369 

the shore, right against our ship, they would stay all night: 
as they did. 

The next morning very early, came one Canoa abord us 
againe with three Salvages, whom we easily then enticed into 
our ship, and under the decke: where we gave them porke, 
fish, bread and pease, all which they did eat ; and this I noted, 
they would eat nothing raw, either fish or flesh. They mar- 
velled much and much looked upon the making of our canne 
and kettle, so they did at a head-peece and at our guns, of 
which they are most fearefull, and would fall flat downe at the 
report of them. At their departure I signed unto them, 
that if they would bring me such skins as they ware I 
would give them knives, and such things as I saw they most 
liked, which the chiefe of them promised to do by that time 
the Sunne should be beyond the middest of the firmament ; 
this I did to bring them to an understanding of exchange, and 
that they might conceive the intent of our comming to them to 
be for no other end. 

About 10 a clocke this day we descried our Shallop return- 
ing toward us, which so soone as we espied, we certainly 
conjectured our Captaine had found some unexpected har- 
bour, further up ^ towards the maine to bring the ship into, 
or some river ; knowing his determination and resolution, not 
so suddenly else to make retume : which when they came neerer 
they expressed by shooting volleies of shot; and when they 
were come within Musket shot, they gave us a volley and haled 
us, then we in the shippe gave them a great peece and haled 
them. 

Thus we welcomed them; who gladded us exceedingly 
with their joifull relation of their happie discoverie, which shall 
appeare in the sequele. And we likewise gave them cause of 
mutuall joy with us, in discoiu^ing of the kinde civility we 
found in a people, where we little expected any sparke of hu- 
manity. 

Our Captaine had in this small time discovered up a great 

' A natural expression from the position of the Archangel in St. Geor^'s 
harbor. 

Z9 



370 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [leos 

river^ trending alongst into the maine about forty miles.^ 
The pleasantnesse whereof, with the safety of harbour for 
shipping, together with the fertility of ground and other fruits, 
which were generally by his whole company related, I omit^ 
till I report of the whole discovery therein after performed. 
For by the breadth, depth and strong flood, imagining it to 
run far up into the land, he with speed returned, intending to 
flanke his light horsman ^ for arrowes, least it might happen 
that the further part of the river should be narrow, and by 
that meanes subject to the volley of Salvages on either side 
out of the woods. 

Untill his retume, our Captaine left on shore where he 
landed in a path (which seemed to be frequented) a pipe, a 
brooch and a knife, thereby to know if the Salvages had re- 
course that way, because they could at that time see none of 
them, but they were taken away before our retume thither. 

I retume now to our Salvages, who according to their ap- 
pointment about one a clocke, came with 4 Canoas to the 
shoare of the iland right over against us, where they had lodged 
the last night, and sent one Canoa to us with two of those 
Salvages, who had beene a bord, and another, who then seemed 
to have command of them; for though we perceived their 
willingnesse, yet he would not permit them to come abord; 
but he having viewed us and our ship, signed that he would go 
to the rest of the company and retume againe. Presently 
after their departure it began to raine, and continued all that 
aftemoone, so as they could not come to us with their skins 
and furs, nor we go to them. But after an houre or there 
about, the three which had beene with us before came againe, 
whom we had to our fire and covered them with our gownes. 

* St. George's River. Some have conjectured that the river of Way- 
mouth's discovery was the Kennebec, and some the Penobscot ; but neither 
of these rivers meets the requirements of the narrative. Against the earlier 
views, Captain George Prince, in his reprint of Hosier's Relation , in 1860, 
was the first to call attention to the claims of the St. George's River. This 
river is indicated on the Simancas map of 1610 (Brown, Genesis , I. 445) un- 
der its Indian name, Tahanock. The length of the river, as given by Rosier, 
is only an estimate. 

* Le,f to raise its gunwale. 



1605] EOSIER'S TRUE RELATION 371 

Our Captaine bestowed a shirt upon him, whom we thought to 
be their chief e, who seemed never to have seene any before; 
we gave him a brooch to hang about his necke, a great knife, 
and lesser knives to the two other, and to every one of them a 
combe and glasse, the use whereof we shewed them : whereat 
they laughed and tooke gladly ; we victualled them, and gave 
them aqua vitsB, which they tasted, but would by no meanes 
drinke; our beveridge they liked well, we gave them Sugar 
Candy, which after they had tasted they liked and desired 
more, and raisons which were given them ; and some of every 
thing they would reserve to carry to their company. Where- 
fore we pittying their being in the raine, and therefore not able 
to get themselves victuall (as we thought) we gave them 
bread and fish. 

Thus because we found the land a place answereable to the 
intent of oiu- discovery, viz. fit for any nation to inhabit, we 
used the people with as great kindnes as we could devise, or 
foimd them capable of. 

The next day, being Saturday and the first of June, I 
traded with the Salvages all the fore noone upon the shore, 
where were eight and twenty of them : and because our ship 
rode nigh, we were but five or sixe : where for knives, glasses, 
combes and other trifles to the valew of foure or five shiUings, 
we had 40 good Beavers skins. Otters skins. Sables, and other 
small skins, which we knewe not how to call. Our trade being 
ended, many of them came abord us, and did eat by our fire, 
and would be verie merrie and bold, in regard of our kinde 
usage of them. Towards night our Captaine went on shore, 
to have a draught with the Sein or Net. And we carried two 
of them with us, who marvelled to see us catch fish with a net. 
Most of that we caught we gave them and their company. 
Then on the shore I learned the names of divers things of them : 
and when they perceived me to note them downe, they would 
of themselves, fetch fishes, and fruit bushes, and stand by 
me to see me write their names. 

Oiu- Captaine shewed them a strange thing which they 
woondred at* His sword and mine having beene touched 



372 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1606 

with the Loadstone, tooke up a knife, and held it fast when they 
plucked it away, made the knife tume, being laid on a blocke, 
and touching it with his sword, made that take up a needle, 
whereat they much marvelled. This we did to cause them to 
imagine some great power in us : and for that to love and feare 
us. 

When we went on shore to trade with them, in one of their 
Canoas I saw their bowes and arrowes, which I tooke up and 
drew an arrow in one of them, which I found to be of strength 
able to carry an arrow five or sixe score stronglie ; and one of 
them tooke it and drew as we draw our bowes, not like the 
Indians.^ Their bow is made of Wich Hazell, and some of 
Beech in fashion much like our bowes, but they want nocks, 
onely a string of leather put through a hole at one end, and 
made fast with a knot at the other. Their arrowes are made of 
the same wood, some of Ash, big and long, with three feathers 
tied on, and nocked very artificiaUie: headed with the long 
shanke bone of a Deere, made very sharpe with two fangs in 
manner of a harping iron. They have likewise Darts, headed 
with like bone, one of which I darted among the rockes, and 
it brake not. These they use very cunningly, to kill fish, 
fowle and beasts. 

Our Captaine had two of them at supper wit^ us in his 
cabbin to see their demeanure, and had them in presence at 
service: who behaved themselves very civilly, neit^ier laugh- 
ing nor talking all the time, and at supper fed not like men of 
rude education, neither would they eat or drinke more than 
seemed to content nature ; they desired pease to carry a shore 
to their women, which we gave them, with fish and bread, and 
lent them pewter dishes, which they carefully brought againe. 

In the evening another boat came to them on the shore, 
and because they had some Tabacco, which they brought for 
their owne use, the other came for us, making signe what they 

* Francis Parkman says, "The Indians in drawing the bow did not 
necessarily hold it perpendicularly, but often at a slant, and drew back the 
right hand, not to the level of the right ear, but to that of the shoulder, or 
sometimes below it." 



1606] ROSIER'S TRUE RELATION 373 

had, and ofifered to carry some of us in their boat, but foure or 
five of us went with them in our owne boat : when we came on 
shore they gave us the best welcome they could, spreading 
fallow Deeres skins for us to sit on the ground by their fire, 
and gave us of their Tabacco in our pipes, which was excellent, 
and so generally commended of us all to be as good as any we 
ever tooke, being the simple leafe without any composition, 
strong, and of sweet taste ; they gave us some to carry to our 
Captaine, whom they called our Bashabes ; ^ neither did they 
require any thing for it, but we would not receive any thing 
from them without remuneration. 

Heere we saw foure of their women, who stood behind them, 
as desirous to see us, but not willing to be scene; for before, 
whensoever we came on shore, they retired into the woods, 
whether it were in regard of their owne naturall modestie, 
being covered only as the men with the foresaid Beavers skins, 
or by the commanding jealousy of their husbands, which we 
rather suspected, because it is an incUnation much noted to be 
in Salvages ; wherefore we would by no meanes seeme to take 
any speciall notice of them. They were very well favoured in 
proportion of countenance, though coloured blacke, low of 
stature, and fat, bare headed as the men, wearing their haire 
long : they had two httle male children of a yeere and half old, 
as we judged, very fat and of good countenances, which they 
love tenderly, all naked, except their legs, which were covered 
with thin leather buskins tewed, fastened with strops to a 
girdle about their waste, which they girde very streight, and is 
decked round about with little round peeces of red Copper ; to 
these I gave chaines and bracelets, glasses, and other trifles, 
which the Salvages seemed to accept in great kindnesse. 

At our comming away, we would have had those two that 
supped with us, to go abord and sleepe, as they had promised ; 
but it appeared their company would not suffer them. 
Whereat we might easily perceive they were much greeved; 

* A name, not a title (Maine Hist, Soc, Coll,, first series, VII. 96 ; Cham- 
plain's Voyages, Prince Society edition, II. 45; and Relationa dea Jiauitea, 
I.y ch. 3, 8). His seat was on the shores of the Penobscot. 



374 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [160S 

but not long after our departure, they came with three more 
to our ship, signing to us, that if one of our company would 
go lie on shore with them, they would stay with us. Then 
Owen Griffin (one of the two we were to leave in the Country, 
if we had thought it needf ull or convenient) went with them in 
their Canoa, and 3 of them staled aborde us, whom oiu" whole 
company very kindly used. Our Captaine saw their lodging 
provided, and them lodged in an old saile upon the Orlop ;^ 
and because they much feared our dogs, they were tied up 
whensoever any of them came abord us. 

Owen Griffin, which lay on the shore, reported unto me their 
maner, and (as I may terme them) the ceremonies of their 
idolatry; which they performe thus. One among them (the 
eldest of the Company, as he judged) riseth right up, the other 
sitting still, and looking about, suddenly cried with a loud 
voice, Baugh, Waugh : * then the women fall downe, and lie 
upon the ground, and the men all together answering the same, 
fall a stamping round about the fire with both feet, as hard as 
they can, making the ground shake, with sundry out-cries, 
and change of voice and sound. Many take the fire-sticks 
and thrust them into the earth, and then rest awhile : of a 
sudden beginning as before, they continue so stamping, till 
the yonger sort fetched from the shore many stones, of which 
every man tooke one, and first beat upon them with their fire 
sticks, then with the stones beat the earth with all their strength. 
And in this maner (as he reported) they continued above two 
houres. 

After this ended, they which have wives take them apart, 
and withdraw themselves severally into the wood all night. 

The next morning, assoone as they saw the Sunne rise, 
they pointed to him to come with them to our shippe : and 
having received their men from us, they came with 
five or sixe of their Canoas and Company hovering about 

* The lowest deck in a vessel having three decks ; or, sometimes, a tem- 
porary deck. 

* Powwow, which came to be the name used to designate such cere- 
monies. 



1606] EOSIER^S TRUE RELATION 376 

our ship; to whom (because it was the Sabbath day) I 
fflgned they should depart, and at the next Sun rising we would 
gpe along with them to their houses; which they understood 
(as we thought) and departed, some of their Canoas coursing 
about the Iland, and the other directly towards the maine. 

This day, about five a clocke after noone, came three other 
Canoas from the maine, of which some had beene with us before ; 
and they came aboord us, and brought us Tabacco, which we 
tooke with them in their pipes, which were made of earth, 
very strong, blacke, and short, containing a great quantity: 
some Tabacco they gave imto our Captaine, and some to me, 
in very civill kind maner. We requited them with bread and 
peaze, which they caried to their Company on shore, seeming 
very thankefull. After supper they returned with their 
Canoa to fetch us a shore to take Tabacco with them there: 
with whom six or seven of us went, and caried some trifles, if 
peradventure they had any trucke, among which I caried 
some few biskets, to try if they would exchange for them, see- 
ing they so well liked to eat them. When we came at shore, they 
most kindly entertained us, taking us by the hands, as they 
had observed we did to them aboord, in token of welcome, 
and brought us to sit doune by their fire, where sat together 
thirteene of them. They filled their Tabacco pipe, which was 
then the short claw of a Lobster, which will hold ten of our 
pipes full, and we dranke of their excellent Tabacco as much 
as we would with them ; but we saw not any great quantity 
to trucke for ; and it seemed they had not much left of old, for 
they spend a great quantity yeerely by their continuall drink- 
ing : and they would signe unto us that it was growen yet but 
a foot above ground, and would be above a yard high, with a 
leafe as broad as both their hands. They often would (by 
pointing to one part of the maine Eastward) signe unto us, 
that their Bashabes (that is, their King) had great plenty of 
Purres, and much Tabacco. When we had sufficiently taken 
Tabacco with them, I shewed some of our trifles for trade; 
but they made signe that they had there nothing to exchange ; 
for (as I after conceived) they had beene fishing and fowUng, 



and 80 came thittier to lodge that night by us : for when we 
were ready to come away, they shewed us great cups made 
very wittLly of barke, in forme ahnost square, full of a red 
berry ' about the bignesse of a bullis,* which they did eat, 
and gave us by handfuls; of which (though I liked not tlie 
taste) yet I kept some, because I would by no meanes but ac- 
cept their kindnesse. They shewed rae likewise a great piece 
of fish, whereof I tasted, and it was fat like Porpoise; and 
another kinde of great scaly fish, broiled on the coales, much 
like white Salmon, which the French-men call Aloza,' for 
these they would have had brc^; which I refused, because 
in maner of exchange, I would alwayes make the greatest 
esteeme I could of our commodities whatsoever; although they 
saw aboord our Captaine was liberall to give them, to the end 
we might allure them still to frequent us. Then they shewed 
me foure yoong Goslings, for which they required foure bis- 
kets, but I offered them two; which they tooke and were 
well content. 

At our departure they made signe, that if any of us would 
stay there on shore, some of them would go lie aboord us : at 
which motion two of our Company stayed with them, and 
three of the Salvages lodged with us in maner as the night 
before. 

Early the next morning, being Munday the third of June, 
when they had broi^ht our men aboord, they came about our 
stup, earnestly by signes desiring that we would go with them 
along to the maine, for that there they had Furres and Tabacco 
to traffique with us. Wherefore our Captaine miinned the 
light-horseman with as many men as he could well, which 
were about fifteene with rowers and all; and we went along 
with them. Two of their Canoas they sent away before, and 
they which lay aboord ua all night, kept company with us to 
direct us. 

This we noted as we went along, they in their Canoa with 
three oares, would at their will go ahead of us and about us, 

' Not the checkerbeny, which is pleasant to the taste, ^obably tha 
partridge-beny. * Hie wild plum. * The American ahad. 



1606] ROSIER'S TRUE RELATION 377 

when we rowed with eight oares strong; such was their 
swiftnesse, by reason of the lightnesse and artificial! com- 
position of their Canoa and oares. 

When we came neere the point ^ where we saw their fires, 
where they intended to land, and where they imagined some 
few of ns would come on shore with our merchandize, as we 
had accustomed before; when they had often numbered our 
men very diUgently, they scom-ed away to their Company, 
not doubting we would have followed them. But when we 
perceived this, and knew not either their intents, or nimiber 
of Salvages on the shore, our Captaine, after consultation, 
stood ofif, and wef ted them to us, determining that I should go 
on shore first to take a view of them and what they had to 
traffique : if he, whom at our first sight of them seemed to be 
of most respect among them, and being then in the Canoa, 
would stay as a pawne for me. When they came to us (not- 
withstanding all our former courtesies) he utterly refused; 
but would leave a yoong Salvage : and for him our Captaine 
sent Griffin in their Canoa, while we lay hulling a Uttle off. 
Grifl&n at his returne reported, thay had there assembled to- 
gether, as he nimibered them, two hundred eighty three Sal- 
vages, every one his bowe and arrowes, with their dogges, and 
wolves which they keepe tame at command, and not anything 
to exchange at all ; but would have drawen us further up into 
a little narrow nooke' of a river, for their Furres, as they 
pretended. 

These things considered, we began to joyne them in the 
ranke of other Salvages, who have beene by travellers in most 
discoveries found very trecherous ; never attempting mischief e, 
untill by some remisnesse, fit opportunity affoordeth them 
certaine abihty to execute the same. Wherefore after good 
advice taken, we determined so soone as we could to take some 
of them, least (being suspitious we had discovered their plots) 
they should absent themselves from us. 

Tuesday, the fourth of June, our men tooke Cod and Had- 

' Probably the entrance to New Harbor, on the eastern side of the Pema- 
quid peninsula. ' The creek at New Harbor. 



378 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [l«06 

ocke with hooks by our ship side, and Lobsters very great; 
which before we had not tried. 

About eight a clocke this day we went on shore with our 
boats, to fetch aboord water and wood, our Captaine leaving 
word with the Gunner in the shippe, by discharging a musket, 
to give notice if they espied any Canoa comming ; which they 
did about ten a clocke. He therefore being carefull they should 
be kindly entreated, requested me to go aboord, intending 
with dispatch to make what haste after he possibly could. 
When I came to the ship, there were two Canoas, and in either 
of them three Salvages ; of whom two were below at the fire, 
the other staled in their Canoas about the ship ; and because 
we could not entice them abord, we gave them a Canne of 
pease and bread, which they carried to the shore to eat. But 
one of them brought backe our Canne presently and staid abord 
with the other two ; for he being yoong, of a ready capacity, 
and one we most desired to bring with us into England, had 
received exceeding kinde usage at our hands, and was there- 
fore much delighted in our company. When our Captaine 
was come, we consulted how to catch the other three at shore 
which we performed thus. 

We manned the light horseman with 7 or 8 men, one stand- 
ing before carried our box of Marchandise, as we were woont 
when I went to traffique with them, and a platter of pease, 
which meat they loved: but before we were landed, one of 
them (being too suspitiously feareful of his owne good) with- 
drew himself e into the wood. The other two met us on the 
shore side, to receive the pease, with whom we went up the 
Cliffe to their fire and sate downe with them, and whiles we 
were discussing how to catch the third man who was gone, I 
opened the box, and shewed them trifles to exchange, thinking 
thereby to have banisht feare from the other, and drawen 
him to returne : but when we could not, we used Uttle delay, 
but suddenly laid hands upon them. And it was as much as 
five or sixe of us could doe to get them into the light horseman. 
For they were strong and so naked as our best hold was by their 
long haire on their heads; and we would have beene very 



1*>5] ttOSlER^S TRtJE RELATION S7d 

loath to have done them any hurt, which of necessity we had 
beene constrained to have done if we had attempted them in 
a multitude, which we must and would, rather than have 
wanted them, being a matter of great importance for the full 
accomplement of our voyage. 

Thus we shipped five Salvages, two Canoas, with all their 
bowes and arrowes. 

The next day we made an end of getting our wood aboord, 
and filled our empty caske with water. 

Thiu^ay, the 6 of June, we spent in bestowing the Canoas 
upon the orlop safe from hurt, because they were subject to 
breaking, which our Captaine was carefull to prevent. 

Saturday the eight of June (our Captaine being desirous 
to finish all businesse about this harbour) very early in the 
morning, with the light horseman, coasted five or sixe leagues 
about the Hands adjoining, and sounded all along whereso- 
ever we went. He likewise diligently searched the mouth of 
the Harbour, and about the rocks ^ which shew themselves 
at all times, and are an excellent breach of the water, so as no 
Sea can come in to offend the Harbour. This he did to in- 
struct himselfe, and thereby able to direct others that shall 
happen to come to this place. For every where both neere 
the rocks, and in all soundings about the Hands, we never 
foimd lesse water than foure and five fathoms, which was sel- 
dome ; but seven, eight, nine and ten fathoms is the continuall 
soimding by the shore. In some places much deeper upon clay 
oaze or soft sand : so that if any bound for this place, should 
be either driven or scanted with winds, he shall be able (with 
his directions) to recover safely his harbour most securely in 
water enough by foure * severall passages, more than which I 
thinke no man of judgement will desire as necessarie. 

^ The Dry Ledges between Allen's Island and Burnt Island. The depth 
of water, as recorded on the Coast Survey chart, corresponds with the figures 
given by Rosier. 

'St. George's Harbor has four entrances: (1) that between Allen's 
and Burnt Islands ; (2) that between Allen's and Benner's Islands ; (3) that 
between Benner's and Davis's Islands; and (4) the wide passage between 
Davis's and Burnt Islands. In all four there is water enough to enter safely. 



380 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [16K 

Upon one of the Ilands (because it had a pleasant sandy 
Cove for small barks to ride in) we landed, and found hard by 
the shore a pond * of fresh water, which flowed over the banks, 
somewhat over growen with Uttle shrub trees, and searchiDg 
up in the Iland, we saw it fed with a strong run, which with 
small labour, and Uttle time, might be made to drive a mill. 
In this Iland, as in the other, were spruce trees of excellent 
timber and height, able to mast ships of great burthen. 

While we thus sounded from one place to another in so 
good deepes, our Captaine to make some triall of the fishing 
himself e, caused a hooke or two to be cast out at the mouth of 
the harbour, not above halfe a league from our ship, where in 
small time only, with the baits which they cut from the fish 
and three hooks, we got fish enough for our whole Company 
(though now augmented) for three dales. Which I omit not to 
report, because it sheweth how great a profit the fishing would 
be, they being so plentifull, so great and so good, with such 
convenient drying as can be wished, neere at hand upon the 
Rocks. 

This day, about one a clocke after noone, came from the 
Eastward,^ two Canoas abord us, wherein was he that refused 
to stay with us for a pawne, and with him six other Salvages 
which we had not scene before, who had beautified themselves 
after their manner very gallantly, though their clothing was 
not differing from the former, yet they had newly painted their 
faces very deep, some all blacke, some red, with stripes of ex- 
cellent blew over their upper lips, nose and chin. One of them 
ware a kinde of Coronet about his head, made very cunningly, of 
a substance like stiffe haire coloured red, broad, and more than 
a handfull in depth, which we imagined to be some ensigne of 
superioritie ; for he so much esteemed it as he would not for 
anything exchange the same. Other ware the white feathered 
skins of some fowle, round about their head, jewels in their 

* There is a pond on Allen's Island fed in this way. 

'It is stated farther on that the Indians came from "the Bashabes." 
As his abode was on the Penobscot, they would naturally come from the east- 
ward. 



1606] EOSIER'S TRUE RELATION 881 

ears, and bracelets of little white round bone, fastened together 
upon a leather string. These made not any shew that they 
had notice of the other before taken, but we understood them 
by their speech and signes, that they came sent from the 
Bashabes, and that his desire was that we would bring up our 
ship (which they call as their owne boats, a Quiden *) to his 
house, being, as they pointed, upon the main towards the East, 
from whence they came, and that he would exchange with us 
for Furres and Tabacco. But because our Company was but 
small, and now our desire was with speed to discover up the 
river, we let them understand, that if their Bashabes would 
come to us, he should be welcome, but we would not remove 
to him. Which when they understood (receiving of us bread 
and fish, and every of them a knife) they departed; for we 
had then no will to stay them long abord, least they should 
discover the other Salvages which we had stowed below. 

Tuesday, the 11 of June, we passed up * into the river with 
our ship, about six and twenty miles. Of which I had rather 
not write, then by my relation to detract from the worthinesse 
thereof. For the River, besides that it is subject by shipping 
to bring in all traffiques of Marchandise, a benefit alwaies ac- 
counted the richest treasury to any land : for which cause oiu* 
Thames hath that due denomination, and France by her navi- 
gable Rivers receiveth hir greatest wealth ; yet this place of 
itselfe from God and nature affoordeth as much diversitie of 
good commodities, as any reasonable man can wish, for present 
habitation and planting. 

The first and chiefest thing required, is a bold coast and 
faire land to fall with; the next, a safe harbour for ships to 
ride in. 

The first is a speciall attribute to this shore, being most 
free from sands or dangerous rocks in a continuall good depth, 
with a most excellent land-fall, which is the first Iland we fell 

* Aquiden is the Abnaki word for canoe. Rosier inferred that "a" was 
the indefinite article. 

* An accurate statement of the course of a vessel passing from St. George's 
Harbor into the St. George's River. 



iviOi, named by US, Saint GecHfnlUiid.^ FtvtbeaBooiid^lir 
judgemiDt of our Qytnin^ iriio knowoth moot of the ooait d 

1^ inq>loymeDatB in diBooveries and travds from hia diildbood) 
and by oi^iion of othenof good judgement in our diq^ie^ hem 
are more good harboun for ahqm of aU burtheni^ than fitghnd 
oan affoord, uid far more secure &om all winds and weaOeB 
than any in England, Scotland, France or ^Mune. For be- 
■ides vitbout the River in the channefl, and sounds about Iht 
aands adjoining to the mouth thereof, no better riding oan to 
desired for an infinite number of di^ The River it mMb 
as it rmmeth up into the main very ni^ forty mileB towvd 
the great mountunes, beareth in bredth a mil^ aometiaie 
three quarters, and halfe a mile is tiie narrowest, iriiere yoi 
■hall never have under 4 uid S fathoms water haid by tte 
riloni, but 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10 &thcHns' all along, and cm Mk 
ndes every halfe mile very gallant Coves, some aUe to oonteiae 
almost a hundred sule, -wbere the ground is exoeUeot soft 
oan with a tough clay under for anker hold, and ^rban A^ 
may ly wit^ut atho* Cable or Anker, otHj mored to the ifaon 
with a Hauser. 

It floweth by their judgement eighteen or twenty foot at 
high water.* 

Heere are made by nature most excellent places, as Docks 
to grave or Carina ships of all burthens; secured from all 
windes, which is such a necessary incomparable benefit, thai 

'The first islBiid W&jnnouth "fell with" was Uonhegan, to wfaidi he 
gave the name St. George. There is no evidence that Waymouth set up a 
cross at Monhegan ; nor does the narrative of the Poptiam colony make taj 
mention of an anchorage at Monhegan. The narrative shows that there wu 
a definitely appointed rendezvous in case of separation, namely, Pentecoet 
harbor, to which both of Popham's ships came. The island on which the 
Popham colonistB found Waymouth's croes, therefore, was not Monhegm, 
but one of the St. George's Islands. 

' Tliese statements with reference to the breadth and deptfi of tlie river, 
also concerning the character of its bottom and the boldneea of its Hbores, 
are true of the St. George's River. 

' An erroneous estimate. The mean rise and fall of tlie tide in the St. 
George's River is nine and four-tenths feet. 



1006] ROSIER'S TEUE EELATION 883 

in few places in England, or in any parts of Christendome, art, 
with great charges, can make the Uke. 

Besides, the bordering land is a most rich neighbour trend- 
ing all along on both sides, in an equall plaine, neither moim- 
tainons nor rocky, but verged with a greene bordure of grasse, 
doth make tender imto the beholder of bir pleasant fertiUty, 
if by clensing away the woods she were converted into meddow. 

The wood she beareth is not shrubbish fit only for fewell, 
but goodly tall Firre, Spruce, Birch, Beech, Oke, which in 
many places is not so thicke, but may with small labour be 
made feeding groimd, being plentifuU like the outward Hands 
with fresh water, which streameth doime in many places. 

As we passed with a gentle winde up with our ship in this 
River, any man may conceive with what admiration we all 
consented in joy. Many of our Company who had beene 
travellers in sundry coimtries, and in the most famous Rivers, 
yet aflirmed them not comparable to this they now beheld. 
Some that were with Sir Walter Ralegh ^ in his voyage to 
Guiana, in the discovery of the River Orenoque, which echoed 
fame to the worlds eares, gave reasons why it was not to be 
compared with this, which wanteth the dangers of many 
Shoules, and broken ground, wherewith that was incombred. 
Others before that notable River in the West Indies called 
Rio Grande; some before the River of Loyer,* the River 
Seine, and of Burdeaux in France, which, although they be 
great and goodly Rivers, yet it is no detraction from them to 
be accounted inferiour to this, which not only yeeldeth all the 
foresaid pleasant profits, but also appeared infaUibly to us 
free from all inconveniences. 

I will not prefer it before our river of Thames, because it 
is Englands richest treasure; but we all did wish those ex- 
cellent Harbours, good deeps in a continuall convenient breadth 
and small tide-gates, to be as well therein for our countries 
good, as we found them here (beyond our hopes) in certaine, 
for those to whom it shall please God to grant this land for 

» In 1595. » Loire. 




8N EASLY ENGLISH VOYAGES 

faaUtationi iriuch if it bad, with the other inseparabie ad- 
henot oommodities here to be found; then I would boldly 
affiime it to be the most rich, beautiful!, large and secure \ 
hartMraring river that the worid affoordeth.' 

WednwUy, the twelfth of June, our Captaine manned \ 
hJB lig^t-^KUseanan with 17 men, and ranne up from the &tup " 
lidiiig ' in the river up to the codde thereof, where we landed, 
leaving nx to keepe the light-horseman till our retume. Ten ' 
of iia with our ehot, and some armed, with a boy to carry pow- 
der and matdi, marched up into the countrey towards the 
monntainee^ iriiich we descried at our first falling with the i 
land.' Unto aome of them .the river brought us bo neere, as 
WB judged our selves when we landed to have beene within ' 
a league of theoa ; but we marched up about foure miles in the 
main^ and paeeed over three hilles: and because the weather 
vaa panluDg hot, and our men in their armour not able to 
travel faire and retume that night to our ship, we resolved ■ 
not to pasM any further, being all very weary of so tedious 
and labounom a travell. 

In tliis march we paased over very good ground, plcaMmt 
and fertile, fit for pasture, for the space of some three milefl, 
having but little wood, and that Oke like stands left in our 
pastures m England, good and great, fit timber for any use. 
Some small Birch, Hazle and Brake, which might in small 
time with few men be cleansed and made good arable land: 
but as it now is will feed eattell of all kindes with fodder enough 
for Sununer and Winter. The soile is blacke, bearing sundry 
hearbs, grasse, and strawberriefi bigger than ours in England. 

' This is evidently the language of contagious enthusiasm ; yet one sul- 
ing up the St. George's River on a beautiful day in May or June, at fuU tide, 
or nearly full tide, would find himself in entire sympatiiy with Rosier in this 
description. 

' Waymouth anchored his vessel near the present ruins of Fort St. Geo^- 
"The codde" is said to mean a bay in the river. Such a ^' codde " there is at 
Thomaston. But Winship, Sailort' Narrativea 0} New England Yoyagtt, 
^ves as the meaning "a bend or narrow portion." 

* Such mountiuns are the Union and Camden mountuns. The White 
Mountains are not viable at any point on the St. Geoi^'s River, nor are they 
visible from the deck of a veasel ascending the ^nneboc. 



1605] ROSIEE'S TRUE RELATION 385 

In many places are lowe Thicks like our Copisses of small 
yoong wood. And surely it did all resemble a stately Parke, 
wherein appeare some old trees with high withered tops, and 
other flourishing with Uving greene boughs. Upon the hilles 
grow notable high timber trees, masts for ships of 400 tim: 
and at the bottome of every hill, a Uttle run of fresh water; 
but the furthest and last we passed, ranne with a great streame 
able to drive a mill. 

We might see in some places where fallow Deere and Hares 
had beene, and by the rooting of groimd we supposed wilde 
Hogs had ranged there, but we could descrie no beast, because 
our noise still chased them from us. 

We were no sooner come aboord our light-horseman, re- 
turning towards our ship, but we espied a Canoa comming 
from the further part of the C!od of the river Eastward, which 
hasted to us: wherein, with two others, was he who refused 
to stay for a pawne: and his comming was very earnestly 
importing to have one of our men to go he on shore with their 
Bashabes (who was there on shore, as they signed) and then 
the next morning he would come to our ship with many Furres 
and Tabacco. This we perceived to be only a meere device 
to get possession of any of our men, to ransome all those which 
we had taken, which their naturall policy could not so shadow, 
but we did easily discover and prevent. These meanes were 
by this Salvage practised, because we had one of his kinsemen 
prisoner, as we judged by his most kinde usage of him being 
aboord us together. 

Thursday, the 13 of Jime, by two a clocke in the morning 
(because our Captaine would take the helpe and advantage 
of the tide) in the Ught-horseman with our Company well 
provided and furnished with armour and shot both to defend 
and offend ; we went from our ship up to that part of the river 
which trended westward into the maine,^ to search that: and 

' The St. George's River makes such a trend westward at Thomaston. 

In recognition of the tercentenary of Waymouth's voyage, a memorial 

tablet on a large boulder was unveiled at Thomaston, July 6, 1905, at a 

celebration under the auspices of the citizens of Thomaston and the Maine 

Historical Society. 
2o 



886 lUJtLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [itK 

m earned witli ub a Ctoase, to erect at that point, which (be- 
oauae it ma not daylight) we left on the shore untill our retume 
baeke; iriien we set it up in maoer as the former.' For thig 
(by the way) we diligmtly observed, that in no place, either 
about the Qaiida^ or up in the maine, or alongst the river, we 
oould diaceme any tokrai or signe, that ever any Christian had 
beene before; of irtiich either by cutting wood, digging for 
water, or setting up Crosses (a thing never omitted by any 
Christian travellCT8)weriiou]d have perceived some mention left. 

But to retume to our river, further up into which we then 
lowed by estimation twenty miles, the beauty and goodnesse 
irtiereof I can not by relation sufficiently demonstrate. That 
iriiich I can say in ^nerall is this : What profit or pleasure 
soever is described and truly vori&sd ta thie fanner part <d 
tiie riveTj is wfaolfy doul^ed in this; for the IffedUi and dqpth 
is such, that a^y ship drawing 17 or 18 foot water, might bsie 
passed as &rre as we went ^th our light-borsniaii, aod by afi 
WIT mens judgement much further, because we 1^ it in ao {good 
depth and tvedth; which is so miuh Ihe mam to be eBteemed 
of greater wocnrth, by how much it trendeth further up ioIb 
the maine: for &om the place of our diips riding in ihe "Bar- 
hour at the entrance into the Sotmd, to the furthest part we 
were in this river, by om* estimation was not much lease than 
threescore miles. 

From ech banke of this river are divers branching etreames 
into the maine, whereby is affoorded an unspeakable profit 
by the conveniency of transportation from place to place, 
which m some countries is both chargeable; and not so fit, 
by cari^es on waine, or horse backe. 

Heere we saw great store of fish, some great, leaping above 
water, which we judged to be Salmons. All along is an ex- 
cellent mould of ground. The wood in most places, especially 
on the East mde, very thinne, chieSy oke and some smaU 

* Od the Simancas map of 1610 there is at tim point the mark of a 
cross. What was it intended to represent if not the ctobb whidt 
Waymouth erected, and which he doubtless marked on his "perfect gech 
graphicall map " 7 



ie06] ROSIER'S TRUE RELATION 387 

young birch, bordering low upon the river ; all fit for medow 
and pasture groimd : and in that space we went, we had on 
both sides the river many plaine plots of medow, some of three 
or foure acres, some of eight or nine : so as we judged in the 
whole to be betweene thirty and forty acres of good grasse, 
and where the armes run out into the Maine, there Ukewise 
went a space on both sides of cleere grasse, how far we know 
not, in many places we might see paths made to come downe 
to the watering. 

The excellencie of this part of the River, for his good 
breadth, depth, and fertile bordering ground, did so ravish us 
all with variety of pleasantnesse, as we could not tell what to 
commend, but only admired ; some compared it to the River 
Seveme, (but in a higher degree) and we all concluded (as I 
verily thinke we might rightly) that we should never see the 
like River in every degree equall, imtill it pleased God we be- 
held the same againe. For the farther we went, the more 
pleasing it was to every man, alluring us still with expectation 
of better, so as our men, although they had with great labour 
rowed long and eat nothing (for we carried with us no victuall, 
but a little cheese and bread) yet they were so refreshed with 
the pleasant beholding thereof, and so loath to forsake it, as 
some of them affirmed, they would have continued willingly 
with that onely fare and labour 2 daies ; but the tide not suffer- 
ing us to make any longer stay (because we were to come backe 
with the tide) and our Captaine better knowing what was fit 
then we, and better what they in labour were able to endure, 
being verie loath to make any desperate hazard, where so little 
necessitie required, thought it best to make retume, because 
whither we had discovered was sufficient to conceive that the 
River ran very far into the land. For we passed six or seven 
miles, altogether fresh water (whereof we all dranke) forced up 
by the flowing of the Salt : which after a great while eb, where 
we left it, by breadth of channell and depth of water was likely 
to run by estimation of our whole company an unknowen way 
farther : the search whereof our Captaine hath left till his re- 
tume, if it shall so please God to dispose of him and us. 



For we havir^ now by the direction of the omnipotwit 
disposer of all good intents (far beyond the period of our hopes) 
fallen with ao bold a coast, found so excellent and secure har- 
bour, for as many ships as any nation professing Christ is 
able to set forth to Sea, discovered a River, which the All- 
creating God, with his most liberall hand, hath made above 
report notable with his foresaid blessings, bordered with a 
land, whose pleasant fertility bewraieth it selfe to be the gai^ 
den of nature, wherein she only intended to delight hir selfe, 
having hitherto obsctu^ it to any, except to a purblind genera- 
tion, whose understanding it bath pleased God so to darkeai, 
as they can neither disceme, use, or rightly esteeme the un- 
valuable riches in middest whereof they live sensually content 
with the barke and outward rinds, as neither knowing the 
sweetnes of the inward marrow, nor acknowledging the Deity 
of the Ahnighty giver: having I say thus far proceeded, and 
having some of the inhabitant nation (of best understaDdlng 
we saw among them) who (learning our language) may be 
able to give us further instruction, concerning all the premised 
particular^ as also of their govemoura, and government, 
ffltuation of townes, and what else shall be convenient, wbiA 
by no meanes otherwise we could by any observation of our 
selves leame in a long time : our Captaine now wholy intended 
his provision for speedy retume. For although the time of 
yeere and our victuall were not so spent, but we could have 
made a longer voyage, in searching farther and trading for 
very good conmiodities, yet as they might have beene much 
profitable, so (our company being small) much more preju- 
diciall to the whole state of our voyage, which we were most 
regardfull now not to hazard. For we supposing not a little 
present private profit, but a publique good, and true zeale of 
promulgating Gods holy Church, by planting Christianity, to 
be the sole intent of the Honourable setters foorth of this 
discovery; ' thought it generally most expedient, by our speedy 
retume, to give the longer space of time to make provi^on 
for so weighty an enterprise. 

' A like purpooe wu expressed by the Pilgrims in the oc»iq)aot fligned in 
the cabin of the Mayflower in the harbor of Prpvinoetown. 



1606] ROSIER'S TRUE RELATION 389 

Friday, the 14 day of June, early by foure a clocke in the 
morning, with the tide, our two boats, and a little helpe of 
the winde, we rowed downe to the rivers mouth and there 
came to an anker about eleven a clocke. Afterward our Cap- 
taine in the light horseman searched the sounding all about 
the mouth and comming to the River, for his certaine instruc- 
tion of a perfect description. 

The next day, being Saturday, we wayed anker, and with 
a briese from the land, we sailed up to our watering place, and 
there stopped, went on shore and filled all our empty caske 
with fresh water. 

Our Captaine upon the Rocke * in the middest of the 
harbour observed the height, latitude, and variation exactly 
upon his instruments. 

1 Astrolabe. 4 Crosse Staffe. 

2 Semisphere. 5 And an excellent compasse 

3 Ringe instrument. made for the variation. 

The certainty whereof, together with the particularities of 
every depth and sounding, as well at pur falling with the 
land, as in the discovery, and at our departure from the coast ; 
I refer to his owne relation in the Map * of his Greographicall 
description, which for the benefit of others he intendeth most 
exactly to publish. 

The temperature of the Climate (albeit a very important 
matter) I had almost passed without mentioning, because it 
affoorded to us no great alteration from our disposition in 
England; somewhat hotter up into the Maine, because it 
lieth open to the South ; the aire so wholesome, as I suppose 
not any of us foimd our selves at any time more healthfull, 
more able to labour, nor with better stomacks to such good 
fare, as we partly brought, and partly found. 

Sunday, the 16 of June, the winde being faire, and because 
we had set out of England upon a Sunday, made the Hands 

* Such a rock is Carey's Rock in St. George's Harbor. 
'This map has disappeared, but e\ideutly the Simancas map of 1610 
has preserved its main features. 



390 SABLT EKOZJSH VOYAGES [isofi 

upon a Sunday, and as we doubt not (by Gods appointment) 
happily fell into our harbour upon a Sunday; so now (be- 
seeching him still with like prosperity to blesse our returne 
into England our countiy, tmd from thence with his good 
will and pleasure to hasten our next arrivall there) we waied 
Anker and quit the I^nd upon a Sunday. 

Tuesday, the 18 day, being not run above 30 leagues from 
land, and our Captfune for his certaine knowledge how to fail 
with tiie coast, having sounded every watch, and from 40 
fathoms had come into good dt^eping, to 70, and so to an hun- 
dred: this day the weather being falre, after the foure a clocke 
watch, when we suppraed not to have found ground so farre 
from land, and before sounded in about 100 fathoms, we had 
ground in 24 fathomes. Wherefore our sailes being downe, 
Thomas King boatswaine, presently cast out a hooke, and 
before he judged it at ground, was fished and haled up an 
exceeding great and well fed Cod : then there were cast out 
3 or 4 more, and the fish was so plentiful! and so great, as 
•wh&a. our Captaine would have set saile, we all desired him to 
suffer them to take fish a while, because we were so delighted 
to see them catch so great fish, so fast as the hooke came 
down: some with playing with the hooke they tooke by the 
backe, and one of the Mates with two hookes at a lead at five 
draughts together haled up tenne fishes; all were generally 
very great, some they measured to be five foot long, and three 
foot about. 

This caused our Captaine not to marvell at the shoulding 
for he perceived it was a fish banke, which (for our farewell 
from the land) it pleased God in continuance of his blessings 
to give us knowledge of : the abimdant profit whereof diould 
be alone sufficient cause to draw men againe, if there were no 
other good both in present certaine, and in hope probable to 
be discovered. To amplifie this with words, were to adde 
light to the Sunne : for every one in the shippe could easily 
accoimt this present conmiodity; much more those of judge- 
ment, which knew what belonged to fishing, would warrant 
(by the helpe of God) in a short voyage with few good fishers 



1606] EOSIER'S TEUE EELATION 391 

to make a more profitable retume from hence than from New- 
foimdland: the fish being so much greater, better fed, and 
abimdant with traine ; * of which some they desired, and did 
bring into England to bestow among their friends, and to 
testifie the true report. 

After, we kept our course directly for England and with 
ordinary winds, and sometime calmes, upon Simday the 14 
of July about sixe a clocke at night, we were come into soimding 
in our channell, but with darke weather and contrary winds, 
we were constrained to beat up and downe till Tuesday the 
16 of July, when by five a clocke in the morning we made 
Sylly ; * from whence, hindered with calmes and small winds, 
upon Thursday the 18 of July about foure a clocke after noone, 
we came into Dartmouth: which Haven happily (with Gods 
gracious assistance) we made our last and first harbour in 
England. 

Further, I have thought fit here to adde some things worthy 
to be r^arded, which we have observed from the Salvages 
since we tooke them. 

First, although at the time when we surprised them, they 
made their best resistance, not knowing our purpose, nor what 
we were, nor how we meant to use them ; yet after perceiving 
by their kinde usage we intended them no harme, they have 
never since seemed discontented with us, but very tractable, 
loving, and willing by their best meanes to satisfie us in any 
thing we demand of them, by words or signes for their imder- 
standing: neither have they at any time beene at the least 
discord among themselves; insomuch as we have not seene 
them angry but merry ; and so kinde, as if you give any thing 
to one of them, he will distribute part to every one of the 
rest. 

We have brought them to understand some English, and 
we understand much of their language; so as we are able to 
aske them many things. And this we have observed, that if 
we shew them anything, and aske them if they have it in their 

* Oil made from the livers of cod. ' The Scilly Islands. 



fv.BABLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [1006 

r oountrey, they will tell you if they have it, and the use of it, 

the difference from ours in bignesse, colour, or forme ; but if 

■ have it not, be it a thing never so precious, they wil 

lie the knowledge of it. 

They have names for many starrea, viath. they will shew 
I the firmament. 
a*^C '^^ ^"^^'^ f^^^ rereroice to their King, and are in great 
>/^^ Mibjection to tliar GoTemoura: and they Trill sh^r a great 
~ respect to any we tell them are our Commandera. 

They shew the maner how they make bread of tjietr Indiaa 
wiieat, and how they make butter and cheese of the nulke 
they have of the Run-Deere and Fallo-Deere, ^riiich they 
have tame as we have Cowes. 

They have excellent colours. And having seooe oar 
Xndioo, they make shew of it, or of some other like thing 
which midceth as good a blew. 

One especiall thing is th^ maner of Ifilling the Whal^ 
which they call Powdawe;' and will describe his foime; 
how he blowet^ vp the water; and that he is 12 fal^oms kaig; 
and. that t^^ go in company of their King with a multitude 
of their boats, and strike him with a bone made in fashion of 
a harping iron fastened to a rope, which they make great and 
strong of the barke of trees, which they veare out after him; 
then all their boats come about him, and as he riseth above 
water, with their arrowes they shoot him to death; when 
they have killed him and dragged him to shore, they call all 
their chiefe lords together, and sing a song of joy ; and those 
chiefe lords, whom they call Sagamos, divide the spoDe, and 
give to every man a share, which pieces so distributed they 
hang up about their houses for provision : and when they boile 
them, they blow off the fat, and put to their peaze, maiz, and 
other pulse, which they eat. 



imys] 



BOSIEfi'S TBUE RELATION 



393 



A Brief e Note of what Profits toe saw the Country yedd in the 

small time of our stay there. 



J 


Frees 




Turtle-doves. 


Oke of an 


exellent graine, 


Many birds of sundrie col- 


strait, and 


great 


timber. 


ours. 


Elme. 






Many other fowls in flocks, 


Beech. 






unknown. 


Birch, very 


tall and great ; 




of whose barke 1 


bhey make 


Beasts 


their Canoas. 




Reine-Deere. 


Wich-HazeU. 






Stagges. 


Hazell 






Fallow-Deere. 


Alder. 






Beares. 


Cherry-tree. 






Wolves. 


Ash. 






Beaver. 


Maple. 






Otter. 


Yew. 


A 




Hare. 


Spruce. 


p 




Cony. 


Aspe. 






Hedge-Hoggs. 


Firre. 






Polcats. 


Many fruit 


lirees, 


which we 


Wilde great Cats. 


knew not. 






Dogges; some like Wolves, 
some Uke Spaniels. 


Fowles 






Eagles. 






Fishes 


Hemshawes. 






Whales 


Cranes. 






Scales. 


Ducks great. 






Cod very great. 


vieese. 






Haddocke great. 


Swannes. 






Herring great. 


Penguins. 






Plaise. 


Crowes. 






Thornebacke. 


Sharks. 






Rockefish. 


Ravens. 






Lobstar great. 


Mewes. 






Crabs. 



394 EARL^ 


ENGLISH VOYAGES [laoJ 


MuBcies great, with 


pearles 


Strawberries 




in them. 




Raspberries 




Cockles. 




Gooseberries 


■ abundaoce. 


WUka. 




Hurtleberries 




Cunner-fish. 




Currant trees _ 




Lumps. 




Rose-bushes. 


Whiting, 




Peaze. 


Soales. 




Ground-nuts. 


Tortoisea. 




Angelica, a most soveraigne 


Oistere. 




herbe. 
An hearbe that spreadeth 


FruHs, Plants 




the ground and smeUeth 


and Herbs 




like Sweet Marjoram, great 
plenty. 
Very good Dies, which ap- 


Tobacco, excellent sweet and 


strong. 




peare by their painting; 


Wild-Vines. 




which they carrie with them 
in bladders. 


The names of the five Salvages which we brought home 


into England, which are all yet alive, are these. 



1. Tahanedo, a Sagamo or Commander. 

2. Amoret "] 

3. Skicowaros j- Gentlemen. 

4. Maneddo j 

5. Saffacomoit, a servant.* 



' Three of these Indians were given to Gorges when Waymouth reached 
England. In his firve/e NarraHim their names are Manida, Skettwaimea, 
and Tasquantum. The firat two are found in Roger's list. Tasquantam ii 
the name of an Indian captured by Thomas Hunt, master of a vessel with 
Captain John Smith, in 1614, and it is erroneously introduced here by Gorges 
writing many years afterward. Tahanedo, whom Gorges calls Dehamda, 
returned with Pring in 1606, and Skicowaros accompanied the Popham colo- 
nists. Sir John Popham received two of Waymouth's Indians. Probably 
they were with Challoung in 1606, when he set out for the Maine coast, and 
were captured by the Spaniards with Challoung and his veeael. Saffacomoit, 
one of tite two, was recovered, and poambly the other. 



A RELATION OF A VOYAGE TO SAGADA- 
HOC I 607-1 608 



INTRODUCTION 

On April 10, 1606, James I. aflSxed his signature to a 
charter for two colonies in America. The promoters of the 
northern colony — ** knights, gentlemen and merchants" in 
the west of England, prominent among whom were Sir Fer- 
dinando Gorges and Sir John Popham, Chief Justice of Eng- 
land — sent out two vessels for exploration in the summer 
following the issuance of the charter. One of these vessels, 
commanded by Captain Henry Challoimg, and in which Sir 
Ferdinando Gorges was especially interested, was captured by 
a Spanish fleet. The other, of which Thomas Hanham was 
the nominal commander, with Captain Martin Pring as navi- 
gator (Gorges, in his accoimt of the voyage, makes no men- 
tion of Hanham), reached the coast of Maine, and was so 
successful in his exploration of it — his report bringing to 
Gorges and others full and satisfactory information — that it 
was decided to establish the northern colony there; and in 
May, 1607, two vessels, the Gift of God and the Mary and 
John, were despatched to the coast of Maine with colonists. 
Prominent in the expedition were George Popham, a nephew 
of Sir John Popham, and Raleigh Gilbert, a son of Sir Hum- 
phrey Gilbert. The manuscript of the following Relation of 
a Voyage to Sagadahoc was discovered in 1875 in the library 
of Lambeth Palace, London, by the late Rev. B. F. De Costa, 
D.D., and was first printed in 1880 by John Wilson and Son, 
University Press, Cambridge, Massachusetts, being reprinted in 
advance from the Proceedings of the Massachusetts Historical 
Society, Vol. XVIII. (1880-1881). In 1892, under title The Saga- 
dahoc Colony f and with introductions, notes, and appendices, 

807 



-Tr-r'ii y? 



. . ■ ■ . " ■ - .1 ■ 

SW BABLT XtrailSH TDTIOBS 

bgr Rev. Heniy 0. Thayer, ^^Ji., it was reprinted by tiie 
Qmgm Society of Fbrtliuid, Main^ from an exact traoecrip- 
tbn of the Lambeth Palace manuscript. The mamiscr^t 
does not give its author's name. It contains statements^ how- 
ever, that afford strong support to the conjecture that it wbb 
written by James Davies, probaU^ the navigator of Gilbert's 
vessd, the Mary and Jchn (Thayer's Sagadahoe CoUmj/^ pp. 
17-20). 

The manuscript ends abruptfy at the foot of a page^ leav- 
ing the narrative unfinished. But it happens that William 
StraehqTi vriben writing his Hiriorie of TroMiU into Virgvm 
JSrtfamnia, used this narrative before it was mutOated; and as 
lie f dlowed it doeely in the parts of it which have been pre- 
forvedi we may assume that he did the same in the parts now 
loet. Therefore in this present volume after tte i^qirint of 
tiie BdaJbUm (from the Gorges Society's test), Strachqr's 
vendon of the rest of the story is added, beiqg rqxrinted 
from the volume of the Halduyt Sodefy in which it was fiist 
printed, in 1849. 

H. S. B. 



RELATION OF A VOYAGE TO SAGADAHOC 

I 607-1 608 

In the nam of God, Amen. 

The Relation of a Voyage, unto New England. Began from 

the Lizard, the first of June 1607, By Capf. Popham 

in the ship the Gift, and CapC Gilbert in (he Mary and 

John : 
Written by and found ammtgst the Papers of the 

truly Wor'^^^:^ S". Ferdinando Gorges, IC*. by me 

WiUiam GHffiih.^ 

Departed from the Lyzard the firste daye of June Ano 
Domi' 1607/ beinge Mundaye about 6 of the Cloke in the 
afternoon and ytt bore of * me then Northeste and by North 
eyght Leags of. 

from thence Dh*ected our Course for the Illands of flowers 
and Corve* in the w^ we wear 24 dayes attainynge of ytt. 
All w"* time we still kept the Sea and never Saw but on Saill 
beinge a ship of Salcom^ bound for the New Foundland whearin 
was on® tosser of Dartmoth MT.* in her. 

The 25"^ daye of June we fell w*^ the Illand of Gersea *® on 
of The Illands of the Assores and ytt bore of us then South 
and by est ten Leags of, our W. and his matts makinge ytt to 
be flowers but my Selffe w*^ stood them and reprooved them 

' Worshipful. 

' Gorges died in 1647, and the manuscript of the RelaHon did not coroe 
into Mr. Griffith's hand until after that date — possibly not until many 
years after. 

• Anno Domini. 

* According to Gorges the vesseb left the harbor of Plymouth the day 
before. • Off. 

' Flores and Corvo, islands of the Azores group. 

' Salcombci a village on the Devon coast. 

•One. • Master. '• Terceira, or Graciosa? 

809 



in tbear errour as afterward ytt appeared manyfestly and 
then stood Roome ' for flowers. 

The 26"* of June we had Seight of Aowcts and Corvo and 
the 27"" in the momynge early we wear hard abord flowere 
and stod in for to fynd a good rod for to anker Whearby to 
take in wood and watter. the 28"' we Descryed to Sailles, 
Btandinge in for flowers Whearby we presently Wayed Anker 
aod stood towards the rod o£ Saiata Cruae ' beit^e iiaar tiaee 
Lea^ from the place. Whear we wattered. tbear Cap* pt^- 
ham aakered to take in wood and watf bat ytt me So eafau 
ttat we Gould nott reoovar or gett unto hem beSor the daje 

^- > The 29^ of Jane bdnge Uundaye eariy in the "Vffmng 
Hkoae to Sailles we had eeen the n^i^t beffore Wear asm 
vnto US and benige Oafane they Sent thear bota beinge fo&of 
nun towards us. And after ^ orders (tf the Sea they baiUed 
us demandynge us of whense we wear the w* we tc^ titfm: 
and found them to be Sanens ' and the stats shqMS.* on of 
oar Conq>any named John Goyett of plymoth knew the Oft*. 
of onofthei^pesforthathehadbenattSeaw^han. havinge 
aquunted Cap*. Gilbert of this and beinge all hinds he desyered 
the Cap', of the Dutch to com near and take a can of bear the 
w*"" hee thankfully excepted we still keepinge our Selves in a 
redynesse both of our small shott and greatt; the Dutch Cap*, 
beinge Com to our ships syde Cap'. Gilbert desyered hem to 
com abord hem and entertand hem in the beste Sort he Could. 
this don they to requytt his kind entertainment desyered hem 
that he wold go abord w"* them. And uppon thear earnest 
intreaty he went w"" them takinge three or 4 gentell w** hem, 
but when they had hem abord of them they thear kept hem 
per Forse charginge him that he was a pyratt and still threatr 
nynge hemselffe and his gentellmen w* hem to throw them all 
overbord and to take our ship from us. in this Sort they kept 
tiiem from ten of the Clok momynge untiU eyght of the Clok 

* An old nautical tenn, meaning to come about before the wind. 
' A town on Floras. ' People of FUndera. 

' Shipe of the States, i.e., of tlie United Frovinces of the Netherlands. 



1607] THE VOYAGE TO SAGADAHOC 401 

nyght ussinge Som of his gent in most wild maner as Settinge 
Som of them in the bibowes * and buflfettinge of others and 
other most wyld and shamffull abusses but in the end havinge 
Seene our Comission the w"* was proffered imto them att the 
firste but they reffused to See yt and the greatest Cause 
doutinge of the Inglyshe men beinge of thear owne Company 
who had promist Cap*. Gilbert that yf they proffered to per- 
fform that w"* they still threatned hem that then they all 
woold Rysse w*^ hem and either end thear Ljrves in his de- 
flfence or Suppresse the shipe, the w*^^ the Dutch perseavinge 
presently Sett them att Lyberty and Sent them abord unto 
us aggain to our no small Joye. Cap*, popham all this tyme 
beinge in the Wind of us never woold Com roome unto us not 
withstandinge we makinge all the Seignes that possybell we 
myght by strykinge on topsaill and hoissinge ytt aggain three 
tymes and makinge towards hem all that ever we possybell 
could, so hear we lost Company of hem beinge the 29*^ daye 
of Jime about 8 of the Clok att nyght beinge 6 Leags from 
flowers West norwest wee standinge our Course for Vyrgenia 
the 30*^ wee laye in Seight of the Illand. 

The firste Daye of Jully beinge Wesdaye wee depted' 
from the Illand of flowers beinge ten Leags South weste from 
ytt. 

From hence we allwayes kept our Course to the Westward 
as much as wind and weather woold permytt untill the 27*^ 
daye of Jully duringe w*^^ time wee often times Soimded but 
could never f3md grounde. this 27*^ early in the momynge 
we Sounded and had groimd ' but 18 fetham beinge then in 
the Lattitud of 43 degrees and § hear w . . . fysht three 
howers and tooke near to himdred of Cods very great and 
large fyshe bigger and larger fyshe then that w"* coms from 
the bancke of the New Found Land, hear wee myght have 
lodden oul* shipe in Lesse time then a moneth. 

From hence the Wynd beinge att South west wee sett oiff 
Saills and stood by the wind west nor west towards the Land 

' Bilboes or stocks. ' Departed. 

' Sable Island Bank, about twenty miles southwest of Sable Island. 
2i> 



aHmyee Soundinge tat our better knoiriedlg aa m imn tomnk 
the mun Land firam tiiis baiud». 

From tiuB bancke m kept our Ooonn west nor met SB 
Ln0i w* 78 frau the 27*^ of July until! the 30^ <rf JtUy. in n* 
^me we ran 36 L as ys befftue sayed and then we Saw ths 
Land ' about 10 of the Ck)k in the moniynge bearinge nor 
veate from us About 10 Leags and thoa we Sounded and bid 
a hundred fethams blacke oie. hear as we Gun in towanb Hm 
Land from this bancke we B^ found deeiw wattf. thedecfwt 
iritlun the bancke ys 160 f etiiamB and ia 100 frtbam yoa riid 
See the I«nd yf ytt be Qear weather after you paan fta 
bancke the ground ys still Uack oie untiB yo Oom near the 
diore. this daye wee stood m for the Land bat Gould nott n- 
cover ytt beffw the nif^t tooke us ao we stood a Lyttdl fron 
ytt and thear atrok a hull * untiQ the next daye beinge tiiB 
Lasteof July, hear Lyeinge at hull we tooke great ttar <A ood 
fyahes the bigeete and largest that I ever Saw or anj man in 
our sh^. this daye bdnge the Last of Jufy about 3 of the 
C9ok in the after noon we recovered the dnr and earn to an 
anker under an lUand * for all tJii* Oost ys full of Tibuidn asd 
broken Land but very Sound and good for shipinge to go by 
them the watt' deepe. 18 and 20 fetham hard abord 
them. 

This niand standeth in the lattitud of 44 d and } and hear 
we had nott ben att an anker past to howers be£fore we espyed 
a bisken * shallop Cominge towards ua havinge in her eyght 
Sallvagea and a Lyttell salvage boye they cam near unto us 
and spoke unto ms in thear Language, and we makings Seignea 
to them that they should com abord of us showinge unto them 
knyves glasses beads and throwinge into thear bott Som blsket 

* Aepotogeou, a conspicuous mountcun, or the steep diffa of Cape Ia 
nhv%. 

' Struck a hull, i.«., lay to vnik all sails furled. 

' Thayer {The Sagadahoc Colony, p. 42, note) says that while Macnab 
Island, at the entrance of Halifax harbor, Tancook and Green Islands, 
guarding Hahone Bay, and Cross Island, at Lunenburg Bay, clearly meet 
the requirements of latitude, he thinks Ironbound Island, from its proximity 
to the harbor of La H^ve, has the preference. * Biscayaa. 



1607] THE VOYAGE TO SAGADAHOC 403 

but for all this they wold nott com abord of us but makmge 
show to go from us, we suffered them. So when they wear a 
Lyttell from us and Seeinge we proffered them no wronge of 
thear owne accord retomed and cam abord of us and three of 
them stayed all that nyght w^ us the rest depted in the shallope 
to the shore makinge Seignes unto us that they wold retom 
unto us aggain the next daye. 

The next daye the Sam Salvages w*** three Salvage wemen 
beinge the fryst daye of Auguste retomed imto us bringinge 
w"* them Som feow skines of bever in an other bisken shallop 
and propheringe thear skines to trook w^*" us but they de- 
manded over muche for them and we Seemed to make Lyght 
of them So then the other three w"* had stayed w**" us all ngyht 
went into the shallop and So they depted. ytt Seem*^ that the 
french hath trad w^ them for they use many french words, 
the Cheeff Comander of these p*" ys called Messamott and the 
ryver or harbor ys called emannett.^ we take these peopell 
to be the tarent3ais ^ and these peopell as we have Learned 
sence do make wars w^ Sasanoa' the Cheeffe Comander to 
the westward whea ... we have planted and this Somer they 
kild his Sonne. So the Salvages depted from us and cam no 
mor unto us. After they wear depted from us we hoyssed out 
our bot whearin my Selffe was w^ 12 others and rowed to the 
shore and landed on this Illand that we rod under the w"* we 
found to be a gallant Illand full of heigh and myghty trees of 
Sundry Sorts, hear we allso found aboimdance of gusberyes, 
strawberyes, rasberyes and whorts. So we retomed and Cam 
abord. 

Sondaye beinge the second of Auguste after d3mier our bott 
went to the shore again to fille freshe watt' whear after they 
had filled thear watt' thear cam fower Salvages unto them 
havinge thear bowes and arowes in thear hands makinge 
show unto them to have them Com to the shore but our 

^ Afterward called Cape La H^ve, from a bluff in Normandy which bears 
that name. 

' An Indian tribe occupying the country east of the Penobscot. 
' A Kennebec sachem. 



404 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [180T 

Saillers liavinge filled thear watt' wold nott go to the shore 
uut<) them but retornedand cam abord beinge about 5 of the 
Clock in the afternoon. So the bott went presently from the 
ship unto a point of an Illand and thear att Lo watf in on 
hower kild near . 50 . great Lopsters. you shall See them Whear 
they Ly in shold' Watt' nott past a yeard deep and w'* a great 
hooke mad faste to a staffe you shall hitch them up. thear ar 
great store of tbem you may near Lad a Ship w"* them, and 
they are of greatt bignesse. I have nott Seen the Lyke in Ing- 
land. So the bott retomed a bord and wee toke our bott in and 
about myd nyght the wynd cam faier att northest we Sett 
Saill and depted from thence keepinge our Course South west 
for So the Cost Lyeth. 

Mundaye being the third of Auguste in the mominge we 
wear faier by the shore and So Sailled alongste the.Coste. we 
Saw many Illands all alonge the Cost and great Sounds, 
goinge betwyxt them, but We could make prooffe of non for 
want of a penyahe.* hear we found fyshe still all alonge the 
Cost as we Sailled. 

Tusdaye being the 4th of Auguste in the mominge 5 of the 
Clok we wear theawart of a Cape or head lAnd * Ly^ng m 
the Latitud of 43 d^rees and cam very near unto jrtt. ytt ys 
very Low Land ahowinge Whytt Lyke sand but ytt ys Whytt 
Rocks and very stronge tides goeth hear from the place we 
etopt att beinge in 44 de and J. untill this Cape or head land 
ytt ys all broken Land and full of Illands and Large Sounds 
betwixt them and hear we found fyshe aboundance so large 
and great as I never Saw the Lyke Cods beffor nether any 
man in our shipe. 

After we paste this Cape or head Land the Land falletb 
awaye and Lyeth in norwest and by north into a greatt deep 
baye.* We kept our course from this head Land West and 
Weste and by South 7 Leags and cam to thre Illanda ' whear 
cominge near unto them we found on the Southest Syd of 

' Shoal. ' A pinnace. ' Cape Sable. ' Bay of Fundy. 

' Seat Island and Hud Islands, five in all, but appearing, from the posi- 
tion o[ the obaerver, as one. 



1607] THE VOYAGE TO SAGADAHOC 405 

them a great Leadge of Rocks Lyeinge near a Leage into the 
Sea the w"* we perseavinge tackt our ship and the wynde 
being Large att northest Cleared our Selves of them kepinge 
still our course to the westward west and by South and west 
Southwest imtill mydnyght. then after we hald in more 
northerly. 

Wensdaye being the 5th of Auguste from after mydnyght 
we hald in West norwest imtill 3 of the Clok afternoon of the 
Sam. and then we Saw the Land aggain bearinge from us north 
weste and by north and ytt Risseth in this forme hear under/ 
ten or 12 Leags from yo they ar three heigh moimtains ^ that 
Lye in upon the main Land near unto the lyver of penobskot 
in w"* lyver the bashabe makes his abod the cheeffe Comander 
of those pts and streatcheth unto the ryver of Sagadehock ' 
imder his Comand. yo shall see theise heigh moimtains when yo 
shall not perseave the main Land under ytt they ar of shutch 
an exceedinge heygts : And note, that from the Cape or head 
Land beffor spoken of untill these heigh moimtains we never 
Saw any Land except those three Illands also beffor mensyoned. 
We stood in Right w^ these mountains untill the next daye. 

Thursdaye beinge the 6*^ of Auguste we stood in w^ this 
heigh Land untill 12 of the Cloke noon and then I found the 
shipe to be in 43 d and i by my observatio * from thence we 
Sett our Course and stood awaye dew weste and Saw three 
other Illands* Lyenge together beinge Lo and flatt by the 
watf showinge whytt as yflF ytt wear Sand but ytt ys whytt 
Rocks makinge show a far of allmoste Lyke unto Dover 
Cleeves* and these three Illands Lye dew est and west on 
of the other, so we Cam faier by them and as we Cam to the 
Westward the heygh Land beffor spoken of shewed ytt selflfe 
in this form as foUowith.^ 

* The reference is to sketches in the manuscript. 

' The Camden Hills. • Kennebec. 

* An indication of the official position of the writer of the RelaHon* He 
was the pilot of the vessel. 

* Ragged, Wooden Ball and Seal Islands of the Matinicus group. Matini- 
CU8 itself was hidden from view by the islands mentioned. 

' Cliffs. ' Sketches in the manuscript. 



4M SABLT ENGLISH VOYAGES [im: 

IPmrn hieaoe we k£pt still our Course West and Weste by 
North towards three other Illands ' that we Sawe Lyenge 
from these IDandB beffor Bpoken of 8 Leags and about ten of 
the Chk att nyi^t we recovered them and havinge Sent in our 
bott b^or n^it to vew ytt for that ytt was Cahne a{nd] to 
Sound ytt ani See nliBtt good ankoringe was under ytt we 
bor in w* on of them the w"** as we cam in by we still sounded 
and founde very deep watt' 40 fetham hard abord of yt. So 
we stood in into a Core In ytt and had 12 fetham watt' and 
thear we ankored untill the mornynge. And when the daye 
speared We Saw we weare environed Round about with 
Illands. yo myght have told neare thirty Illands round about 
US from aboid our f^pe. thia Illand we Call S'. Georges Illand 
for that we hear found a Crosse Sett up the w'^ we Suposse 
was Sett up by George Wa}'man.' 

Frydaye bdnge the 7"" of Auguste we wayed our Ankor 
wbee^yy to tninge our shipe in mor bett' Safty how Soever the 
wynd ^uld hi^)pen to blow and about ten of the Cloke in 
the momynge as we weare standinge of a Lyttell from the 
Illand we descried a saill standinge in towards this Illand and 
we presently mad towards her and found ytt to be iiie gyfte 
our Consort So beinge all Joye full of our happy meetinge we 
both stood in again for the Illand we ryd under befifor and 
theare anckored both together.' 

This night followinge about myd nyght Cap*. QUbot 
caussed bis ships bott to be maned and took to hemselffe 13 
other my Selffe beinge on, beinge 14 persons in all, and tooke 
the Indyan skidwarres w"" us * the weather beinge faier and 

' Of the St. George's group. 

'Probably Allen's Isfand. W&yinouth, when on the coast in 1605, 
gave the name St. George to Monheg&n. Finding here, on one of the islands 
forming Pentecost Harbor, Waymouth'a cross, the Popham colonista trans- 
ferred to tbe island on which the cross was erected the name St. George, and 
BO wo find in the RelaHon the words, "We Call St. Georges Illand." 

' Evidently here was the rendezvous that had been agreed upon befwe 
leaving Buglatid. The Mary arid John preceded the Oift only about twelve 
hours. 

* SkicowaroB (so Roner wrote the name), one of the Xndioas c^tured 
by Waymouth, 



07] THE VOYAGE TO SAGADAHOC 407 

le wynd Calme we rowed to the Weste in amongst many 
GtUant Illands and found the ryver of pemaquyd to be but 4 
eags weste from the Illand we Call S\ Georges whear our 
lips remained still att anckor. hear we Landed in a Ljrttell 
ove ^ by skyd warres Direction and marched over a necke 
F the Land near three mills. So the Lidyan skidwarres brought 
s to the Salvages housses whear they did inhabitt although 
luch against his will for that he told us that they wear all 
smoved and gon from the place they wear wont to inhabitt. 
ut we answered hem again that we wold nott retom backe 
ntill shutch time as we had spoken with Som of them. At 
ength he brought us whear they did inhabytt whear we found 
ear a hundreth of them men wemen and Children. And the 
heeffe Comander of them ys Nahanada.* att our fryste 
eight of them uppon a howlinge or Cry that they mad they 
11 presently Isued forth towards us w*** thear bowes and 
rrows and we presently mad a stand and Suffered them to 
om near unto us. then our Indyan skidwarres spoke unto 
lem in thear language showinge them what we wear V* 
hen nahanada thear Comander perseaved what we wear he 
aussed them all to laye assyd thear bowes and arrowes and 
un unto us and imbrassed us and we did the lyke to them 
ggain. So we remained w"* them near to howers and wear 
I thear housses. Then we tooke our Leave of them and re- 
>med w*^ our Indyan skidwarres w*** us towards om* ships 
le 8*** Daye of August being Satterdaye in the after noon. 

Sondaye being the 9*^ of Auguste in the mominge the most 
^ of our hoU company of both oiu* shipes Landed on this 
land the w"* we call S*. Georges Illand whear the Crosse 
andeth and thear we heard a Sermon delyrred imto us by 
or preacher ' gyvinge god thanks for our happy metinge and 
iflfe aryvall into the Contry and So retomed abord aggain. 

^ The landing was probably at New Harbor. 

'Another of the Indians captured by Waymouth. He returned the 
«vious year with Pring. Rosier says, "Tahanedo, a Sagamo or Com- 
ander." 

'Rev. Richard Seymour. Bishop Burgess identifies him aa a great- 
andson of the Protector Somerset. 



408 EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [IBOT , 

Mundaye beinge the X"" of Auguste early in the mominge [ 
Cap', popham in his shallope w"* thirty others and Cap'. 
Gilbert in his ships bott w* twenty others Acompanede Dept«d 
from thear shipes and sailled towards the rj-ver of pemaquyd' 
and Caryed w"" us the Indyan skidwarres and Cam to tie 
ryver ryght beffore thcar housses whear they no Sooner espyed i 
us but presently Nahanada w"" all his Indians w"" thear bowes , 
and arrows in thear hands Cam forth upon the Sands. So we | 
Caussed skidwarres to speak unto hem and we our Selves spok : 
unto hem in Inglyshe givinge hem to understand our Cominge ^ 
tended to no yvell towards hem Selffe nor any of his peopell. 
he told us again he wold nott thatt all our peopell shotdd Land. 
So beccause we woold in no sort offend them, hearuppon Som ■ 
ten or twelffe of the Cheeff gent Landed and had Some parle 
together and then afterward they wear well contented that aD 
should Land. So all landed we ussinge them with all the 
kindnesse that possibell we Could, neverthelesse aft«r an bower 
or to they all Soddainly withdrew them Selves from us into 
the woods and Lef te us. we perseavinge this presently imbarked 
our Selves all except skidwarres who was nott Desyerous to i 
retom with us. We Seeinge this woold in no Sort proffer ai^ 
'Violence unto hem by drawing hem perfforce Suffered hem to 
remain, and staye behinde us, he promys^nge to retom unto 
UB the next Daye foUowinge but he heald not hia promysse. 
So we unbarked our Selves and went unto the other Sjnd of 
the ryver and thear remained uppon the shore the nyght 
followinge. 

Tuesdaye beinge the xa* of Auguste we retomed and cam 
to our ships whear they still remained att ankor under the 
Uland we call S'. Georges. 

Wensdaye being the xii*'' of Auguste we wayed our anckore 
and Sett our saills to go for the ryver of Sagadehock. we kept 
our Com^e from thence dew Weste until 12 of the Clok m^- 
nyght of the Sam. then we stroke our Saills and layed a hull 
untill the momynge Doutinge for to over shoot ytt. 

' The boats passed around Pemaquid P<Hnt. 



1607] THE VOYAGE TO SAGADAHOC 409 

Thursdaye in the momjnage breacke of the daye beinge the 
xiii*^ of Auguste the Illand of Sutqiiin ^ bore north of us nott 
past halff a leage from us and ytt rysseth m this fonn hear 
under foUowinge ' the w*^ Illand Lyeth ryght beflfore the mouth 
of the ryver of Sagadehocke South from ytt near 2 Leags but 
we did not make ytt to be Sutquin so we Sett our saills and 
stood to the westward for to Seeke jrtt 2 Leags farther and 
nott fyndinge the ryver of Sagadehocke we knew that we had 
overshott the place, then we wold have retorned but Could nott 
and the nyght in hand the gifte Sent in her shallop and mad 
ytt and went into the ryver this nyght but we wear constrained 
to remain att Sea all this nyght and about mydnight thear 
arosse a great storme and tempest uppon us the w"* putt us 
in great daunger and hassard of castinge awaye of our ship 
and our Ljrves by reason we wear so near the shore, the wynd 
blew very hard att South right in uppon the shore so that by 
no means we could nott gett of. hear we sought all means and 
did what possybell was to be don for that our Lyves depended 
on ytt. hear we plyed ytt w*** our ship, of and on all the nyght 
often times espyeinge many soonken rocks and breatches hard 
by us enforsynge us to put our ship about and stand from 
them bearinge saill when ytt was mor fytter to have taken ytt 
in but that ytt stood uppon our Lyves to do ytt and our bott 
Soonk att our stem yet woold we nott cut her from us in hope 
of the appearinge of the daye. thus we Contynued imtill the 
daye cam. then we perseaved our Selves to be hard abord 
the Lee shore and no waye to escape ytt but by Seekinge the 
Shore, then we espyed 2 Lyttell lUands ' Lyeinge under our 
lee. So we bore up the healme and steerd in our shipe in 
betw3rxt them whear the Lord be praised for ytt we found 
good and sauffe ankkoringe and thear anckored the storme 
still contynuinge untill the next daye foUowynge. 

* Seguin. It was known on the Mary and John that Seguin was opposite 
the entrance to the river. But as the Kennebec is not discernible from the 
ocean, the officers of the Giftf who evidently had not been on the coast before, 
sought the entrance to the river farther to the westward. 

' Sketches in the manuscript. 

' Cape Small Point (which from the vessel seemed to be an island) and 
Seal Island. 



410 KABLV I37GLISH VOYAGES [leoT 

fVydayp boDge the xiiii"' of August that we anckored under 
tiwBe Slands theer we repaired our bott being very muche 
toirai and qrailled. then alter m lauded tm ^ob Ilknd and 
found 4 salvages and an old woman, tills Illand ys luD <tf pyne 
trees and ocl» and abundance ol iidiorta of fownr Sorts <rf thian. 

Satterdaye bangs tiie If^ of Augusts the sbnrne ended 
and the wind Cam faier for ub to go for Sagadehoct. so we 
wayed our anckors and Sett Saill and stood to the estwaid and 
cam to the Illand of Sutquin w^ was 2 Leags from IfaosB 
XUands we rod att anker befior, and hear we ancbffod under 
the Illand of Sutqin in the estersyd of ytt for that the wynd 
was of the shore that wee could no gett into the ryver of 
Sagadehock and hear Ct^*. pophams shqis bott cam abend of 
m and gave us xx frecdie Cods Ihat they had taken beings 
Sent out a fyahinge. 

Sondaye beonge Ihe 16^ of Auguste Q9*. ptqiham Bent his 
Shallop unto us for to healp us ia 80 wewayed ourawtos 
and beingQ Galme we towed in our ship and Gam into the 
Ryver of Sagaddiocke and anobund by the gyfU Qyd about xi 
of the Goke the Same daye. 

Mundaye beinge the 17^ Auguste (^pV popham m Us 
shallop w* 30 others and Cap*. Gilbert in his shipes bott ac- 
companed w"" 18 other persons depted early in the mominge 
from thear ships and sailled up the Ryver of Sagadehock for 
to vew the Ryver and allso to See whear they myght fynd tiie 
most Convenyent place for thear plantation my Selffe beinge 
w"" Cap'. Gilbert. So we Sailled up into this ryver near 14 
Leags and found ytt to be a most gallant lyver very brod and 
of a good depth, we never had Lease Watt' then 3 fetham when 
we had Least and abxmdance of greatt fyshe ' in ytt Leaping 
above the Watt' on eatch Syd of us aa we Sailled. So the 
nyght aprochinge after a whill we had refreshed our Selves 
uppon the shore about 9 of the Cloke we sett backward to re- 
tom and Cam aboxu-d our shipes the next day followinge about 
2 of the Qok m the afternoon. We fynd this ryver to be very 

'Sturgeon. 



1607] THE VOYAGE TO SAGADAHOC 411 

pleasant w*** many goodly Illands in ytt and to be both Large 
and deepe Watt' havinge many branches m jrtt. that w"* we 
tooke bendeth ytt Selffe towards the northest. 

Tuesdaye beinge the 18^ after our retom we all went to 
the shore and thear mad Choies of a place for our plantation* 
wh*^ ys at the very mouth or entry of the Ryver of Sagadehocke 
on the West Syd of the Ryver beinge almoste an lUand of a 
good bygness. whylst we wear uppon the shore thear Cam in 
three Cannoos by us but they wold not Com near us but rowed 
up the Ryver and so past away. 

Wensday beinge the 19^ Auguste we all went to the shore 
whear we mad Choise for our plantation and thear we had a 
Sermon deljrvred unto us by our precher and after the Sermon 
our pattent was red w*^ the orders and Lawes thearin pre- 
scrybed and then we retorned abord our ships again. 

Thursdaye beinge the 20^ of Auguste all our Companyes 
Landed and thear began to fortefye. our presedent CapS pop- 
ham Sett the fryst spytt of ground unto ytt and after hem all 
the rest followed and Labored hard in the trenches about ytt. 

Prydaye the 21*^ of Auguste all hands Labored hard about 
the fort Som in the trentch Som for fagetts and our ship 
Carpenters about the buildinge of a small penis * or shallop. 

Satterdaye the 22^ Auguste Cap*, popham early in the 
mominge depted in his shallop to go for the ryrer of paship- 
skoke.' thear they had parle w^ the Salvages again who 
delyrred unto them that they had ben att wars w*^ Sasanoa 
and had slain his Soone in fyght. skidwares and Dehanada 
wear in this fyght. 

Sondaye the 23*^ our presedent Cap*, popham retorned unto 
us from the ryrer of pashipscoke. 

The 24*^ all Labored about the fort. 

* Strachey gives the Indian name of the place as Sabino. A plan of the 
fort erected by the Popham colonists (discovered in the royal archives of 
Spain at Simancas, by the Hon. J. L. M. Cuny, United States Minister to 
Spain, and reproduced in Brown's Genesis of the United States, I. 190) makes 
the location of the fort certain. A better copy of the plan will be found in 
Thayer's Sagadahoc Colony, p. 186. It is reproduced in the present volume. 

' Pinnace. ' The Pejepscot or Androscoggin. 



4tt EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES [iflcn 

Taeadaye tiie 25"" Cap'. Gilbert imbarked hem Selffe w" 
16 other ir^ ham to go to the Westward uppon Som Discovery 
but the Wynd vas contrary and forscd bcin backe again the 
Bundaye. 

Tba 26* and 27* all Labored hard about the fort. 

BVydayo the 28* Cap'. Gilbert w* 14 others my Selffe beinge 
cm InJiarked hem to go to the westward again. So the wynd 
Serringe we SuUed by many gallant Illands '■ and towards 
I^^t the winde Cam Contrary against us So that we wear 
OtHMtrained to remain that nyght under the head Land called 
SemeamiB* vfaear -we found the Land to be most fertill. the 
trees growinge thear doth exceed for goodnesse and Length 
bemg the most p* of them ocke and wallnutt growinge a greatt 
tpnee assoonder on from the other as our parks in Ingland and 
no thiokett grovinge under them, hear wee also found a gallant 
place to fortefye irtiom Nattuer ytt Selffe hath already framed 
r out the hand of man w"" a runynge stream of watt' hard 
adjoyniiige under the foott of ytt. 

Satterdaye the 29"* Auguste early in the mornynge we 
depted from tbenoe and rowed to the westward for that the 
wind was againate us. but the wynd blew bo hard that foraed 
us to remain under an Illand ' 2 Leags from the place we 
remayned the night beffore. whilst we remayned under tJiifl 
Illand thear passed to Cannoos by us but they wold nott Com 
neare us. after mydnyght we put from this Illand in hope to 
have gotten the place we dessyered but the wind arose and 
blew 60 hard at Southwest Contrary for us that foraed us to 
retom. 

Sondaye beii^e the 30* Auguste retomynge beffore the 
wynd we sallied by many goo[d]Iy Illands for betwixt this head 
Land called Semeamis and the ryver of Sagadehock ys a great 
baye in the w"** Lyeth So many Illands and so thicke and neare 
together that yo Cannott well desem to Nomber them, yet 
may yo go in betwixt them in a good ship for yo shall have 
never Lease Watt' the[n] 8 fethams. these Illands ar all Dve^ 

' Islands of Casco Bay. * Richmand'a Island. 

' Evidently some headland on Cape Elizabeth. 



i Ac pt^ot'/it oft Ce 

C*.Jti.jni (jatrjic '}a^-m. tip 
^- lit Matlih«.J^t«le 



Plan ot St. George's Fort, on 




1607] THE VOYAGE TO SAGADAHOC 413 

growen w*^ woods very thicke as ocks wallnut pyne trees and 
many other things growinge as SarsaperiUa hassell nuts and 
whorts in aboundance. So this day we retomed to our fort att 
Sagadehock. 

Munday being the Last of Auguste nothinge hapened but 
all Labored for the buildinge of the fort and for the storhouse 
to reseave our vyttuall. 

Tuesday the first of September thear Cam a Canooa unto 
us in the w** was 2 greatt kettells of brasse. Som of our Com- 
pany did parle w*^ them but they did rest very doutfuU of 
us and wold nott Suffer mor then on att a tyme to Com near 
imto them. So he depted. The Second daye third and 4*** 
nothinge hapened worth the wryttinge but that eatch man 
did his beste endevour for the buildinge of the fort. 

Satterdaye beinge the 5^ of Septemb' thear Cam into the 
entraunce of the ryver of Sagadehocke nine Canoos in the w**^ 
was Dehanada and skidwarres w*^ many others in the whoU 
near fortye persons men women and Children, they Cam and 
parled w*** us and we aggain ussed them in all frindly maner 
We Could and gave them vyttaills for to eatt. So skidwarres 
and on more of them stayed w*^ us untill nyght the rest of 
them withdrew them in thear Canooas to the farther Syd of 
the ryver. but when nyght Cam for that skidwares woold 
needs go to the rest of his Company Cap*. Gilbert acompaned 
w*^ James Davis and Cap*, ellis best took them into our bott 
and Caryed them to thear Company on the farther syd the 
ryver and thear remained amongst them all the nyght and 
early in the momynge the Sallvages depted in thear Canooas 
for the ryver of pemaquid promyssinge Cap\ Gilbert to accom- 
pany hem in thear Canooas to the ryver of penobskott whear 
the bashabe remayneth. 

The 6**" nothinge happened, the 7"* our ship the Mary and 
John b^an to discharge her vyttualls. 

Tuesday beinge the 8^ Septemb' Cap*. Gilbert acompaned 
w*** xxii others my Selflfe beinge on of them depted from the 
fort to go for the ryver of penobskott takinge w^ hem divers 
Sorts of Afchandise for to trad w^ the Bashabe who ys the 



QxeeSe Gomander of thon p" but the vind was Oontmy 
againste hem 00 that he oould DottOomtoddumadaandBkid- 
wares at the time apointod (or ytt was the n^ daye beffor 
he Oould gett to the ryrer of pooaquid Whear they do mala 
thearabbod. 

Frydaye bdnge the xi^ m the morayDgp earty ve 0am 
into the ryver of pemaquyd tiiear to CtUl nfthftT»>/fft Rwd tOdtir 
vareB as we had promyste than, but beinge thear aiyred we 
found no Lyvinge Creatutf. they all wear gon from thoica 
tiie w^ we perseavinge preeently d^ted towards the lyvor of 
pmobakott StuUinge all this daye and the zu*^ and ziii^ the 
Lyke yett l^ no means Could we fynd ytt So our vital! 
beinge spent we hasted to retom. So the wynd Gam faicr tat 
us and we Sailled all ihe 14'^ and 16*^ dayes in retomynge the 
Wind blowinge very hard att north and this momynge the 
15^ daye we peeaved ^ a blasedng star in the northest of us. 

The 16* 17* 18* 19* 20* 21* 22* nothinge hapened but 
all Labored hard about the fort and the store house for to 
I^nd our wjrttulls. 

The 23* beinge Wensdaye Cap*. Gilbert acompaned w* 
19 others my Selffe on of them depted from the fort to go for 
the head of the ryver of Sagadehock. we Sailled all this daye. 
So did we the Lyke the 24** untill the evenynge. then we 
Landed thear to remain that Nyght. hear we found a gallant 
Champion Land and exceeddinge fertill. So hear we remayned 
all nyght. 

The 25* beinge frydaye early in the momynge we depted 
from hence and sailled up the ryver about eyght Leags farther 
untill we Cam unto an lUand ' beinge Lo Land and flatt. att 
this Illand ys a great down Fall of watt' the w""* nineth by both 
Sydes of this Illand very swyfte and shallow, in this Illand we 
found greatt store of grapes exceedinge good and sweett of to 
Sorts both red butt the on of them ys a mervellous deepe red. 

' Perceived. 

' At Augusta. There was fonnerl}^ an island, near the eastern bank of 
the river just below the Tails, known as Cushnoc Island. This island is so 
marked on the 1750 survey of the Plymouth Company. It was just below 
the present dam. 



ie07] THE VOYAGE TO SAGADAHOC 416 

by both the syds of this ryver the grapes grow in aboundance 
and allso very good Hoppes and also Chebolls ^ and garleck. 
and for the goodnesse of the Land ytt doth so far abound that 
I Cannott aUmost expresse the Sam. hear we all went ashore 
and w"* a stronge Rope made fast to our bott and on man in 
her to gyde her aggainst the Swyfte stream we pluckt her up 
throwe ytt pforce.* after we had past this down-Fall we all 
went into our bott again and rowed near a Leage farther up 
into the ryver and nyght beinge att hand we hear stayed all 
nyght, and in the fryst of the night about ten of the Cloke 
thear Cam on the farther syd of the ryver sartain Salvages 
Callinge unto us in broken inglyshe. we answered them aggain. 
So for this time they depted. 

The 26*** beinge Satterdaye thear Cam a Canooa imto us 
and in hear fower salvages those that had spoken imto us in 
the nyght beffore. his name that Came unto us ys Sabenoa. 
he macks hemselffe unto us to be Lord of the ryver of Sagade- 
hock. 

End : The relation of Whole Voyage to Virginia, 

New England, 
1607.» 



[The remainder of the narration is taken from Cha/pier X. 
of tiie "Historie of Travaile into Virginia,^' by William Stror 

chey-] 

They entertayned him friendly, and tooke him into their 
boat and presented him with some triflling things, which he 
accepted; howbe5rt, he desired some one of our men to be 
put into his canoa as a pawne of his safety, whereupon Captain 
Gilbert sent in a man of his, when presently the canoa rowed 
away from them with all the speed they could make up the 

* Onions. ' Perforce. 

' This subscription must have been added at the end of th^ manuscript 
by a later hand, perhaps by Griffith, who wrote the title, 



416 EAELY ENGLISH VOYAGES ll«07 

river. They followed with the shallop, having great care that 
the Sagamo should not leape overbourd. The canoa quickly 
rowed from them and landed, and the men made to their 
howses, being neere a league on the land from the river's side, 
and carried our man with them. The shallop making good 
waye, at length came to another downefall,' which was so 
shallowe and soe swift, that by noe meanes they could passe 
any further, for which, Captain Gilbert, with nine others, 
landed and tooke theu- fare, the salvadge Sagamo, with them, 
and went in search after those other salvages, whose howses, 
the Sagamo told Captain Gilbert, were not farr off ; and after 
a good tedious march, they came indeed at length unto those 
salvages' howses wheere found neere fifty able men very strong 
and tall, such as their like before they had not seene; all 
newly painted and armed with then* bowes and arrowes. 
Howbeyt, after that the Sagamo had talked with them, they 
deUvered back again the man, and used all the rest very 
friendly, as did ours the hke by them, who shewed them their * 
comodities of beads, knives, and some copper, of wliich they 
seemed very fond; and by waye of trade, made shew that 
they would come downe to the boat and there bring such 
things as they had to exchange them for ours. Soe Captain 
Gilbert departed from them, and within half an howre after 
he had gotten to his boat, there came three canoas down unto 
them, and in them some sixteen salvages, and brought with 
them some tobacco and certayne small skynes, which where 
of no value; which Captain Gilbert perceaving, and that they 
had nothing ells wherewith to trade, he caused all bis men to 
come abourd, and as he would have putt from the shore ; the 
salvadges perceiving so much, subtilely devised how they 
might put out the fier in the shallop, by which meanes they 
sawe they should be free from the danger of oxa men's pieces, 
and to performe the same, one of the salvadges came into the 
shallop and taking the fier brand which one of our company 
held in his hand thereby to light the matches, as if he would 

' Bacon's Rips, five miles above Cudmoe. 



IflOT] THE VOYAGE TO SAGADAHOC 417 

light a pipe of tobacco, as sone as he had gotten jrt into his 
hand he presently threw it into the water and leapt out of the 
shallop. Captain Gilbert seeing that, suddenly commanded 
his men to betake them to their musketts and the targettiers 
too, from the head of the boat, and bad one of the men before, 
with his targett on his arme, to stepp on the shore for more 
fier; the salvages resisted him and would not suffer him to 
take any, and some others holding fast the boat roap that the 
shallop could not pott off. Captain Gilbert caused the mus- 
quettiers to present their peeces, the which, the salvages seeing, 
presently let go the boatroap and betooke them to their bowes 
and arrowes, and ran into the bushes, nocking their arrowes,* 
but did not shoot, neither did ours at them. So the shallop 
departed from them to the further side of the river, where 
one of the canoas came unto them, and would have excused 
the fault of the others. Captain Gilbert made shew as if 
he were still friends, and entertajmed them kindlye and soe 
left th^m, returning to the place where he had lodged the 
night before, and there came to an anchor for that night. 
The head of the river standeth in 45 degrees and odd 
mynutts. Upon the continent they foimd aboimdance of 
spruse trees such as are able to maast the greatest ship his 
majestie hath, and many other trees, oake, walnutt, pine- 
aple ; * fish, aboimdance ; great store of grapes, hopps, chiballs, 
iJso they found certaine codds • in which they supposed the 
cotton wooU to grow, and also upon the bancks many shells 
of pearle. 

27. Here they sett up a crosse and then returned home- 
ward, in the way seeking the by river of some note called 
Sasanoa.* This daye and the next they sought yt, when the 
weather turned fowle and full of fog and raine, they made all 
hast to the fort before which, the 29th, they arrived. 

30. and 1 and 2 of October, all busye about the fort. 

* /.c, la3ring the arrow to the bowstring. 
' A variety of pine with cones. • Pods. 

*The tidal river opening from the Kennebec opposite Bath, and QOU* 
necting the waters of the Kennebec with those of Sheepscot Bay« 

8b 



418 VABItT ENGLISH VOYAGES [im 

3. There came a oanoa unto some of the people of the fort 
■■ they were fiahing on the sand, in which was Skidwares, who 
badd tium tell thdr president that Nahanada, with the Basha- 
haoB broUier, and othen, were im the fortber ade ol the rira^ 
and the next daie would oome and viott him. 

4. Thwe came two eanoaa to the Uxt, m iAadi wm 
Hahanada and his wife, and fflddwans, and the RaaiMibam 
brother, and one other called Amenquin, a Sagamo ; aO wbom 
the preaident feasted and entertayned with all kindne^ both 
that day and the next, irtiich b^ng ScHidaTa^ the panidcBt 
oairied them with him to the i^aoe of poblike pnjen^wfaid 
th^ were at both motning atid evoiing, attending y% wi& 
great reverraice and nlence. 

6. TbB nlvadges departed all ezoe|it AmMXpiin tfas 
Sagamo, ^lo would needes staye amongirt oar pet^ a longer 
tyme. Upon the d^Mrture of the otlun, the pnddent gave 
unto ereoy one of them copper beades, ot knim, iritidi eon- 
tented them not a little, as also d^rezed a prea cn t unto the 
Baaehabae's brother, and anotiur for his wife, gtring hm to 
underHtand that he would come unto his court in the river of 
Penobscot, and see him very shortly, bringing many such like 
of his country commodityes with him. 

You maie please to undrastand how, whilst this busines 
was thus followed here, soone after their first arrivall, that 
had dispatch't away Capt. Robert Davies, in the Mary and 
John* to advertise of their safe arrival and forwardness of 
their plantacion within this river of Sachadehoc, with lettera 
to the Lord Chief Justice, ymj>ortunJnge a supply for the most 
necessary wants to the subsisting of a colony, to be sent unto 
them betymes the next yeare. 

After Capt. Davies' departine they fully finished the fort, 
trencht and fortefied yt with twelve pieces of ordinaunce, and 
built fifty bowses,' therein, besides a church and a storehowse; 
and the carpenters framed a pretty Pynnace of about some 

* A letter written by Sir Ferdinando Goi^^es recorda the suling of one of 
the vessels in October. This would indicate that the first vessel to retura 
was the Mary and John. ' Evidently an error. 



1608] THE VOYAGE TO SAGADAHOC 419 

thirty tonne, which they called the Virginia; the chief ship 
Wright beinge one Digby of London. 

Many discoveries likewise had been made both to the 
XDByne and unto the neghbour rivers, and the frontier nations 
fully discovered by the diligence of Capt. Gilbert, had not the 
wynter proved soe extreame unseasonable and frosty ; for yt 
being in the yeare 1607, when the extraordinary frost was felt 
in most parts of Europe, yt was here likewise as vehement, by 
which noe boat could stir upon any busines. Howbeyt, as 
tyme and occasyon gave leave, there was nothing omitted 
which could add imto the benefitt or knowledg of the planters, 
for which when Capt. Davies arrived there in the yeare follow- 
ing (sett out from Topsam, the port towne of Exciter,^ with a 
shipp laden full of vitualls, armes, instruments and tooles, 
etc.,) albeyt he foimd Mr. George Popham, the president, and 
some other dead, yet he foimd all things in good forwardness, 
and many kinds of furrs obtejmed from the Indians by way of 
trade; good store of sarsaparilla gathered,* and the new 
pynnace all finished. But by reason that Capt. Gilbert re- 
ceived letters that his brother was newly dead,' and a faire 
portion of land fallen imto his share, which required his re- 
paier home, and noe mynes discovered, nor hope thereof, 
being the mayne intended benefit expected to uphold the 
charge of this plantacion, and the feare that all other wynters 
would prove Uke the first, the company by no means would 
stay any longer in the country, especyally Capt. Gilbert being 
to leave them, and Mr. Popham, as aforesaid, dead; where- 
fore they all * ymbarqued in this new arrived shipp, and in 
the new pynnace, the Virginia, and sett saile for England." 
And this was the end of that northeme colony uppon the river 
Sachadehoc. 

^ Exeter. ' For medicinal uses. 

' Sir John Gilbert, who died July 8, 1608. 

* None of the colonists were left behind. It has erroneously been 
claimed that some of them remained on the coast. 

* The Virginia was built by the colonists. In the following year this 
vessel was in the fleet that sailed from England for Virginia. A letter from 
Jamestown, ^rginia, written August 31, 1609, Bays, "In the boat of Sir 
George Somers, caUed the Virginia, which was built in the North Colonyi 
went one Captain Davies and one Master Davies.'' 



INDEX 



Aoorns, used by French in Florida 
for food, 123. 

Adhothuis, 71. 

Africa, William Hawkins brings slaves 
from, 113; John Hawkins obtains 
slaves from, 135. 

Agona, ruler of Canada, visits Cartier, 
95-96; inquires about Donnacona, 
96; makes presents to Cartier, 96; 
difwimulation, 96; ruler of Hoche- 
lay seeks conference with, 102. 

Agouhanna, name applied to Donna- 
cona, 46; meaning, 61. 

Agouhanna, of Hochelaga, appearance, 
61 ; greets Cartier, 62. 

Aguatulco, see Guatulco. 

Alanson, Ferdinando promises he will 
try to obtain cattle from, 286; re- 
ported to have been called to Spain 
by the king, 286. 

Albemarle Sound, and name Occam, 
237 n.; Lane passes through, 248 
n. ; same as the broad Soimd of 
Weapomdok, 251 n. 

Albert, Archduke, Thomas Arundell's 
connection with, 357. 

Albion, name given by Drake to Call- 
fomia, 171. 

Aldworth, Robert, 347; obtained, 
with Giles Elbridge, letters patent 
for a grant of land at Pemaquid, 
347 n. 

Aldworth, Thomas, 347 n. 

Alegranza, one of the Canaries, 307. 

Alezai, named by Cartier, 15. 

Aligato Bay, 310. 

Allen's Island, 364 n. ; size, 366 n.; 
stone cross in commemoration of 
Waymouth's visit erected on, 367 n. ; 
mentioned, 379 n.; has pond like 
that seen on island by Rosier, 380 n. ; 
Waymouth's cross probably found 
on, 406 n. 



Alligator River, 237 n. 

Amadas, sent out by Ralegh, 227, 240; 
goes ashore on island, 230; in Gren- 
ville's voyage of 1585, 245; men- 
tioned, 262 n., 277 n.; White finds 
trench made by, 318. 

Amenquin, Indian ruler, visits fort 
of Popham colonists, 418. 

Amitief arrives at Flores, 322. 

Amoret, Indian, brought to England 
by Waymouth, 394. 

Andacon, appointed to kill Lane, 263. 

Andrewes, William, in command of 
the Squirrel f 192; return to Eng- 
land, 192 n., 207. 

Androscoggin River, 411 n. 

Angell, John, in Pring's expedition, 
343. 

Anghiera, Pietro Martire d', 119 n., 
182 n. 

Angolesme, lake of, 55 n., 72 n. 

Anticosti, 26 n., 27 n., 28 n., 40 n.; 
named the island of the Assump- 
tion, 41. 

Aporath, name given by Cartier to 
bird seen at Isle of Birds, 5. 

Apponatz, 13. 

Aquascogoc, Indian town, visited by 
Grenville, 247 n. ; White sends offer 
of friendship to natives of, 290; 
men left by Grenville reported to 
have been attacked by natives of, 
290; no reply received by White 
from natives of, 291. 

Aquiden, 381 n. 

Archangel f name of Wa3rmouth's ves- 
sel, 363 n.; in St. George's Harbor, 
369 n. 

Archer, Gabriel, account of voyage of 
Gosnold and Gilbert, 328; quoted, 
329 n., 330 n., 331 n., 333 n., 334 n.* 
335 n., 340 n. 

Arundell, Thomas, a promoter of 



421 




Lord AtvndaD oC Wardour, 357 n. 
Mft, New IfeuoB mppoacd to be part 

Qt,n. 

AipotoiMB, laooBtalB, 402 n. 

^WiiiHiUci. UaaA ik the, named, 
41; ewDttoned, 4S, Oft. 

' " I, HMtin. BnridiM'a pUot, 120 n. 
t, He.. 414 B. 

Ank, poMibla UmtUr vi^ Cortler'e 
"Apontti," Bb. 

Atmm, H. d*. odtted Britf Riot, 35. 

Jlymta, Indtan town, 70. 

Amtm, SU; air BUnrd Grenville'e 
•neooBtar «Mt Bpnish Beet oS, 
a4S; OmnvOWa dopred&tions at, 
378; WtaHaBMr,SaO; English ships 
■t, S21-S33; OonoU and Gilbert 
IT, S30; pMMd I? Pring. 345; 
1^ 



^oeroy of. 91 ; 
to what is now Bao- 
lU; Application of 



BHOo'a B^a, 416 n. 

Bahama, channel of, Hawkins passes 
through, 147; White passea through, 
313. 

Bale Royal, 7 n. 

Baltimore, in Ireland, 181. 

Bancroft, George, 34a n. 

Baque Island, tee Vieques. 

Barbary coast, sighted by White, 307. 

Barlowe, Captain Arthur, narrative of 
voyage, 226, 227-241; departure 
from England, 227; at Canaries, 
327; St West Indies, 227-228; 
along coast of North Carolina, 228; 
with Amadas, takes possession of 
land, 228; rows ashore 
Indian, 230; evidence that 
tive was written by, 230 n. ; trade 
with Indians, 232; visits Indian 
■rillage at Roanoke Island. 235-236 
return to England, 240; his eom- 
panions, 241; Ralegh encouraged 
by report of, 246; Grenville aided 
In sending out Amadas and, 245, 
377 D.; mentioned, 262 n. 




Bsshabes, Indian king, 373 n.; ra- 
ported to have quantity of furs and 
tobacco, 376; Indians sent to vitit 
Waymouth by, 380 n., 381; abode 
on Penobscot, 380 n., 405 ; offers to 
excbange fura and tobacco with 
Waymouth and his men, 381, 385; 
Waymouth and his men refuse to 
go to see, 381; Captain Gilbert 
brings merchandise to bade with, 
413; brother of. ooroee to fort of 
Popbam colonists, 418. 

Basque fishermen, along Maine ooaoti 



330 n 



of Horc^B 



Bath . Earl of. some si 
expedition visit, 110. 

Bath, He., 417 n. 

Baxter. James P., 3, 35, 40 n., 68 n., 95 
n., 355. 

Bay of Aaapbi, 307- 

Bay of Castles, see Chateau B^. 

Bay of Chaleur, 18 n.; Cartter a^ 
20-22; described, 21; natives, 31: 
named, 22; mentioned, 85. 

Bay of Fundy. 404 n. 

Bay of Heat, tee Bay of Cbalenr. 

Bay of Islands, 11 d. 

Bay of Plaoentia, 208, 330 n. 

Bay of Portugal, Fernando deserted 
fly-boat in, 283, 288. 

Bay of St. Julian, 11. 

Beake, let Vieques. 

Bear Haven, in Ireland, 191. 

Bears, at Island of Birda. 6 ; on Brion's 
Island. 14; killed by Indians, 69; 
on Penguin Island, 107. 

Beaupr^, Viscount of, on Carticr's 
third voyage, 95, 99. 

Belknap, Jeremy, 346 n. 

Belle Isle, 7 n.. 91. 

Belle Isle, Strait of, 6 n. 

Benner's Island, 364 n., 379 n. 

Best, Captain Ellis, accompanies G3- 
bert in visit to Indians, 413. 

Bevia, Thomas, drowned, 316. 

Biblioth^que Nationale, manuscript re- 
lation of Carticr's first voyage dis- 
covered in, 3. 

Bic Islands, 43 n. 

Bird Rooks, 13 n. 

Biron. Mr., accompanies Hore. 106. 

Blackland Point. 17 n. 

Blanc Sablon, «m White Sands. 



INDEX 



423 



Blanca, island, 308 ; probable identity 
of, 308 n. 

Blount Bay, 237 n. 

Bluff Head, 11 n. 

Bohier, Bishop, of St. Malo, blesses 
Cartier and his men, 37 n. 

Bolivar, state of, 139 n. 

Bonavlsta Bay, Cartier at, 4 n. 

Bonne Bay, 11 n. 

Banneff bark, offered to Lane by 
Drake, 269-270. 

Bradore Bay, 8 n. 

Brazil, William Hawkins sells slaves 
in, 113. 

Bread, made of com by Indians, 57, 59; 
method used by Indians in making, 
59-60; called Carraconny, 59. 

Brereton, John, 325; goes ashore on 
"a white sandie and very bolde 
shore," 331; goes ashore on an 
island, 332; communicates with 
Indians, 336-337; foimd climate 
healthful, 339. 

Brereton, John, Briefe and true re- 
lation of the discoverie of the North 
Part of Virginia in 160£, 325-340; 
states that voyage was undertaken 
with Ralegh's permission, 327; the 
earliest Englidi book relatixig to 
New England, 328; editions, 178, 
328. 

Bridges, Thomas, on Pring's voyage, 
348. 

Brion, Sieur de, see Chabot, Philippe de. 

Brion's Island, Cartier at, 13-14; 
named, 14; described, 14; products, 
14; mentioned, 15; Cartier visits 
on second voyage, 85. 

Bristol, Cabot and merchants of, 
180 n.; mentioned, 192, 344, 346, 
348, 350; Pring and merchants of, 
343, 345. 

Briton, William, on Cartier* s second 
voyage, 57. 

Brittany, Cartier returns to, 30; 
ships of, at St. Pierre, 86 n.; Don- 
nacona in, 93; mentioned, 95, 99, 
323 n. 

Broune, William, in Prmg's expedi- 
tion, 343. 

Browewich, James, in expedition of 
Amadas and Barlowe, 241. 

Brown, Alexander, 355, 370 n., 411 n. 



Brown, Richard, in Hawkins's voyage 
of 1568, 146 n. 

Browne, Maurice, in command of the 
Swallow, 192; of honest and r^ 
ligious character, 195, 212; per^ 
mitted crew to board fishing vessel, 
196; appointed captain of the 
Delight, 207 ; fate, 192 n., 212. 

Burnt Island, 379 n. 

Burrage, Henry S., 356. 

Butler, Captain, of bark Raleigh, in 
Gilbert's second expedition, 192; 
fell sick, 193. 

Buts, Thomas, accompanies Hore, 106; 
entertained by Sir Thomas Luttrell, 
110; changed by voyage, 110. 

Buts, Sir William, 106, 110. 

Byron Island, 14 n. 



Cabo de la Vela, 139. 

Cabot, John, landfall, 4 n. ; discoveries, 
180, 182, 327; set saU from Milford 
Haven in 1497, 345 n. 

Cabot, Sebastian, sailed down coast 
of America, 131 n.; accompanied 
father in voyage of 1498, 180 n.; 
in service of Spain, 180 n. ; return to 
England, 180 n.; extent of dis- 
coveries in America, 182 n. 

Cade, master of the Squirrel, 192. 

California, Drake on coast of, 153. 173 
climate, 156-158; natives, 159-173 
named Albion by Drake, 171 
Drake sets up monimient in, 171 
foundation of English claim to 
sovereignty of, 171 n. 

Cam, Thomas, 361 ; sent in boat to 
sound among islands, 364. 

Camden Hills, 363 n., 384 n., 405 n. 

Canada, voyage of Cartier to, 37; 
Indians tell Cartier way to reach, 41 ; 
Cartier seeks, 44; beginning of land 
of, 45; Donnacona, lord of, 46, 93; 
Cartier twenty-five leagues from, 54. 
Indian lord came to visit Cartier 
in, 55; natives of, travel out of their 
country, 60; Cartier sails towards, 
64; Cartier invited by Donnacona 
to see, 65; natives of, 65-69, 81-83, 
95-96; animals of, 69, 71; de- 
scribed, 70; language of natives, 
86-88; natives of , report land where 
cinnamon grows, 88; Boberval 



viceroy of, 91; reports of Carticr 
about, B3; RobeM'&l " Lieutenant 
and Governor" o(, 83; Cartier de- 
layed ia reaching, 95; Cartier' a ar- 
rival. 95; Cartivr greeted by oativee 
of, 95-96; menUoned, 99, 185, 201; 
journey of ruler of Hochelay to, 102. 

Caoaries, Hawkins at, 137; Aniadas 
snd Borlowe at, 227; White at, 
. . S07-308. 
ff yiiiiilliiiliiiiii reported among Hore's 
- - men, 108-109. 

Cannon, Indians frightened by, 51. 

Cap d'Esperance, 18. 

Cape An^Uo, 13 n. 

C^ Ann, 331 n.,346n. 
nv^ttape Breton Island, Cartier' s oon- 
''^^1 Jeeture of passage between New* 
ftnmdland and, H n.; mentioned, 
85 n., 187, 188, 191; Hore near, 
107; origin of name, 107 a.; Gil- 
bert seeks, 208; reckonings of 
eourse of Hind from Cape Raoc to, 
{jj£^.209; Delight wrooked near, 211 d. 

Cape Gantyn, 307. 

Cape Cod, discovered by Gosnold and 
Gilbert, 331 n. 

Cape Degrad, 6, 7; Identified with 
northern eitremity of Quirpon, 6 n. 

Cape dea Monts, 41 n. 

Cape Dolpliin, 13; named, 14; iden- 
tified with North Point, 14 n. 

Cape Elizabeth, in Maine, 412 n. 

Cape Fear, White and his company 
in danger oS, 287 ; origin of name, 
287 n. 

Cape Finiaterre, 137. 

Cape Hatteraa, 182 n. 

Cape Kildare, 16 n. 

Cape La Hfeve, 402 n., 403 n. 

Cape Loreinc, same aa Cape St. Law- 
rence, 85. 

Cape Memorancie, 27; identified with 
Table Head, 27 n. 

Cape Ncddock, 330 n. 

Cape of Bonavista, 4, 5. 

Cape of Good Hope, 106; Drake re- 
turns by way of, 151. 

Cape of Hope, named, 18. 

Cape of Milk, 10; named, 13; same 
as Cape St. George, 12 n. 

Cape of Prato, 22; same as White 
Head, 22 n.; mentioned, 85. 



Cape Orleans, 15, IS; 
Cape Kildare, 16 n. 

Cape Porpoise, 330 n. 

Cape Prat, »«« Cape of Prato. 

Cape Rabaat, Cartier approaches, 40; 
identi5ed with Cow Point. 40 n. 

Cape Race. Carticr at, 86; mcntianed. 
188,201,216; appointed as meeting- 
place for Gilbert's ships, 190, 191; 
climate, 202; Gilbert at, 207; dis- 
tance to Cape Breton, 20S; reckon- 
ings of course of Golden Hind to 
C^ Breton from, 209; Gilb«rfe 
ships pass, 215. 

Cape Raio, 6; same as Cape Rouge, 
6 n. 

Cape Rouge, 6 n. 

Cape Bouge River, Cartier in, W U.; 
described, 97-98. 

Cape Royal, 10; named by Cartier, 
11; Cartier leaves, 12; me&tiamcd, 
13. 

Cape Sable, 404 n. 

C^ St. Alvise, named, 26; identifi- 
cation of, 26 n.; mentioned, 27. 

Cape St. Anthony, see Cape San An- 

C^pe St. Francis, 195, 196. 

Cape St. George, 12 n. 

Cape St. John, named, 13; same as 
Cape Anguillc, 13 n. 

Cape St. Lawrence, 85 n. 

Cape St. Loys. 26 n. 

Cape San Antonio, mentioned, 114 n., 
309 n,; Moo-niighi and her pinnaces 
found waiting at, 312; the John 
met ships from Mexico near, 321. 

Cape San Francisco, Drake at, 151. 

Cape Small Point, 409 n. 

Cape Thiennot, see Cape Tiennot. 

Cape Tiburon. 309; English ships 
meet at, 310; human bones found 
at, 310; White at, 310-311; Span- 
ish frigate captured at. 311; Ed- 
ward Spicer arrives at, 311. 

Cape Tiennot. 28 ; natives, 29; named 
by Cartier. 29; identity of, 29 n.. 
39 n.; Cartier sights, on second 
voyage, 39; mentioned, 40. 

Cape Tyburon, ««e Cape Tiburon. 

Cape Verde, Hawkins at, 137. 

Cape Verde Islands, Ral^h has fight 
off, 225. 



INDEX 



425 



Cape Whittle Islands, 39 n. 

Capo de la Vela, see Cabo de la Vela. 

Carey's Rock, in St. George's Harbor, 
389 n. 

Caribbean Sea, Hawkins in, 139 n. 

Carpiint, 5; Cartier at, 6; mentioned, 
7; Roberval viceroy of, 91; Car- 
tier's ships meet at, 95. 

Carrell, Denice, left at Musketos Bay, 
285. 

Cartagena, 139; Hawkins forbidden to 
sell slaves at, 140; Drake returns 
from, 249 n., 276; mentioned, 
321. 

Carter, Mr., accompanies Hore, 106. 

Cartier, Jacques, early years, 3; letter 
to Philippe de Chabot, 3; sails from 
St. Malo, 3, 4; accoimts of first 
voyage, 3; The First Relation of, 
4-31; reaches Newfoundland, 4; 
at Bonavista, 4; enters St. Kath- 
enne'sHaven, 4; at Island of Birds, 
5-6; at Carpunt,6; names St. Kath- 
erine's Islsuid, 7; enters Port of 
Brest, 8; names St. Antony's Port, 
9; sets up cross at St. Servans, 
9; meets French ship in St. James 
River, 9; leaves Brest, 10; near 
Bay of Islands, 11; goes towards 
Cape Royal, 12; strikes out into 
the sea, 12; sees Cape St. John, 13; 
at Islands of Margaulx, 13; at 
Brion's Island, 14; at Alezai, 15; 
at St. Peter's Cape, 15; sees Cape 
Orleans, 16; enters River of Boats, 
16; sees savage at Wild Men's Cape, 
16; names S. Lxmarios Bay, 17; 
at Cape of Hope and St. Martin's 
Creek, 18-19; encounter with na- 
tives, 19; in Bay of Chaleur, 20-22; 
trades with natives, 21 ; near Cape 
of Prato, 22; gives presents to 
natives, 23, 24; sets up cross, 24; 
nearsii^and of Anticosti, 26; names 
Cape S. Alvise, 26; along coast of 
Anticosti, 26-27; decides to return 
home, 28; names Cape Tiennot, 
29; approaches Newfoundland, 29; 
leaves Newfoundland, 30; arrival 
at St. Malo, 30, 35; report to king, 
35; receives new commission, 35; 
accounts of second voyage, 35-36; 
narrative of second voyage, 37-88; 



receives sacrament, 37; sails from 
St. Malo, 37; encounters storms, 38; 
his ships are se|>arated, 38; arrival 
in Newfoundland, 38; at Island of 
Birds, 38; meets other ships in 
Bay of Castles, 38; names St. 
Martha's Islands, 39; passes St. 
German's Islands, 39; passes Cape 
Tiennot, 39; sets up cross at St. 
Nicolas Haven, 40; names Bay of 
St. Lawrence, 40; approaches Anti- 
costi, 40; near Anticosti, 41; search 
of northwest passage, 42; reaches 
Roxmd Islands, 42; at St. John's 
Islets, 43; seeks Canada, 44; at 
Island of Filberts, 45; andiors near 
Isle of Orleans, 46 n.; visited by 
natives of Isle of Orleans, 46-47; 
visited by natives of Stadacona, 
46-49; names Bacchus Island, 
4^; arrives at place of the Holy 
Cross, 48; brings ships to river of 
the Holy Cross, 48-49; desires to 
reach Hochelaga, 49, 50; talks with 
Donnacona, 49 ; urges Taignoagny to 
go to Hochelaga, 50; receives present 
of Indian children, 51 ; makes present 
to Donnacona, 51; orders cannon 
fired, 51 ; trick of Indians to hinder, 
from going to Hochelaga, 52-53; at 
Hochelay, 54-55; Indian lord gives 
child to, 55; anchors at lake, 55; 
prepares to go to Hochelaga, 56-58; 
welcomed by Indians of Hochelaga, 
58-59; meets a lord of Hochelaga, 
58-59; reads service to Indians, 62; 
gives presents to Indians, 62; goes 
back to boat, 62; on top of Mont 
Royal, 63; leaves Hochelaga, 64; 
reaches port of the Holy Cross, 65; 
visited by Indians of Stadacona, 65; 
visits Stadacona, 65; intercourse 
with Indians, 71; his men catch 
disease from Indians, 73; orders 
service of prayer, 73 ; makes promise 
of pilgrimage, 73; effort to prevent 
Indians from learning weakness of 
his men, 74; sees natives coming 
from Stadacona, 75; learns from 
Domagaia cure for pestilence, 76; 
suspects Donnacona of treachery, 
77, 78; sends men to investigate, 
78; hears of assembling of Indians 



at StadBcona, 79; plana to capture 
Indians, 7B; asks Taignoagny to 
visit him, 79; refuses Taignoagny's 
request that he capture an Ind- 
ian, 80; desires visit from Donna- 
cona, 80; capture of Donnoeona 
and other Indiana, 80^1; prom- 
ises safe return to Doonacooa, 62 
83; givM present to Donnacona, 82 ; 
leaves port of St. Croix, 84; ex- 
changes gifta with Donnacona'f 
BiAjectB, 84; oomes to Island of 
Filberts, 84; sails to Honguedo, 84; 
at Brion's Island, 85; at Cape 
Lorctne, 85; along Cape Breton 
Island, 85 n.; meets French ships 
at St. Peter's Islands, SB; at Cape 
Race, 86; arrival in St. Malo, 86; 
third voyage, 91-102; account of 
third voyage, 92; discovery of 
St. Lawrence, 01 ; sufferings at St. 
CroiK, 91 ; desire to take poenession 
of land discovered, 91; sails from 
St. Malo, 91; wuiters at Charlcs- 
bourg Royal, 92; decides to return, 
92; finds Indians unfriendly, 92; 
meeta Roberval in harbor of St. 
John's, 92; supposed by some to 
have led expedition to relief of 
Roberval, 92; death, 92; reports 
to king, 93; authorized by Rober- 
val to sail in advance of him, 94; 
date of departure, 05 n.; his ships 
are separated, 95; meets his other 
ships at Carpunt, 95; in Newfound- 
land, 95; arrives at St. Croix, 95; 
Indians visit, 95-9D; in Capn 
Rouge River, 96 n., 98 a.; sends 
back letters to king, 97, 99; builds 
fort, 98, 99; leaves Charlesbourg 
Royal for exploring trip, 99-102, 
visits ruler of Hochelay, 99-100, 
arrives at Lachine Rapids, 100 
reaches CourantdeSte. Marie, 100. 
leaves boats, 100; reaches Indian 
villages, 100; guided by Indians, 
100; learns that river is not navi- 
gable to Sagueoay, 101 ; returns to 
boats, 101 ; welcomed by Indians, 
101 ; gives presents, 101 ; hears of 
departure of lord of Hochelay, 101- 
102; returns to fort, 102; finds 
Indians unfriendly, 102; prepares 



for defence, ' 

reported in England, 105. 
Cartier, Ja^^iues, Brief Rieit et Sue- 

ciiute Narralion, 35. 
CascoBay. 412n. 
Castles, The, strait, 18. 
Catalina, 4 n, 
Causand, Gilbert's ships at, 186; 

Gilbert's departure from, 191, 192. 
Caycos, White and his company at, 



Cbabot. Philippe de, Sieur de Brion. 
Cartier's letter to, 3; islaitd named 
for, 14 n. 

Challoung, Henry, in command of 
vessels sent out by Sir Ferdinando 
Gorges, 353 n.; captured by Span- 
iards, 394 n., 397. 

Chonoiste, ate Chaonistfi. 

Chanter, John R. , Sketche* of At Liter- 
ary UUtory of Bamalaple, 277 n. 

Cbaonists, warned against Lane by 
Pemisapan, 252; part of Lane's 
company reported to have been 
killed by. 260; feared by other 
Indians, 260; Lane proposes to 
rely on, 264. 

Charles I., of Spain, 91. 

Charlesbouig Royal, Cartier spends 
winter at, 92; Roberval locates 
colony at, 92; Cartier leaves, for 
exploring trip, 99. 

Chateau Bay, 7 n., 38. 

Chatham, England, Hawkins founded 
hospital at, 136. 

Chaunis Temoatan, Indian reports of, 
254-255 ; Lane prevented from 
searching for mine of, 257; method 
proposed for reaching, 258. 

Chawanoac, Indian town, 237 n.; 
English colonists visit, 248; men- 
tioned, 249; king of, promisee to 
give guides to Lane, 250; assembly 
of Weroances at, 252; country of 
Chaunis Temoatan known to natives 
of, 254 ; distance to country of 
Mangoaks from, 255, 258. 

Chawanook, see Chawanoac. 

Chawanook, river of, mentioned, 248, 
249, 250, 258; same as Chowan 
River, 248 n.; shows no current, 
251. 

Chepanoc, tee Chepanum. 



INDEX 



427 



Chepanum, Indian town, 248 n.; 
Lane hopes to obtain food at, 253; 
Lane arrives at, 257. 

Chesapeake Bay, Roanoke colonists 
to go to, 230 n. ; mentioned, 247 n., 
249 n.; White to find location for 
colony on, 281, 287; Bartholomew 
Gilbert thought by some to have 
lost his Ufe in, 327. 

Chesepians, 247, 263, 266. 

Chesepiook, see Chesapeake Bay. 

Chester, John, in voyage of John 
Hawkins in 1565, 132. 

Cheticamp, 85 n. 

Chipanum, see Chepanum. 

Chypanum, see Chepanum. 

Choanists, see Chaonists. 

Chowan River, 248 n. 

Christianity, need of its introduction 
into New World, 181 ; Waymouth s 
purpose to establish, in America, 
388. 

apo River, 237. 

Clarke, Richard, 192; in wreck of 
Delight, 213. 

Cocking ton, Devon, Waymouth a na- 
tive of, 355. 

Codde, meaning, 384 n. 

Coleman, Robert, drowned, 316. 

Colombia, 139 n. 

Columbus, Christopher, discovery of 
West Indies, 182. 

Conception Bay, Gilbert's ships at, 195. 

Concord, The, in expedition of Gosnold 
and GUbert, 329. 

Consolacion del Norte, 116 n. 

Cooke, Captain, joins White in search 
for Roanoke colonists, 315-318. 

Cooper, Christopher, agrees to go to 
England as factor, 293; changes 
his mind, 293; in list of colonists 
who accompanied John White, 298. 

Copper, 72, 263, 264; mines reported 
to be in Florida, 127; Indians wore, 
232, 337-338. 

Corbett, Julian S., Drake and the Tudor 
Navy, cited, 135, 152, 155 n. 

Comibotz, river, wampum found in, 
60. 

Cornwall, arrival of Hore's expedition 
in, 110; Hawkins's arrival in, 131; 
Hawkins at, 147; White lands in, 
297; Ralegh lieutenant of, 329. 



Cortereal, Gaspar, landfall, 4 n. 

Corvo, White at, 296, 320, 321; 
sighted by Pring, 345; Wajrmouth 
near, 360; Popham colonists direct 
course for, 399, 400. 

Cossine, accompanies Lane on explor- 
ing expedition, 260. 

Cotesa, Sir Richard Grenville at, 
284 n. 

Courant de Ste. Marie, Cartier reaches, 
100 n. 

Cow Head, 11 n. 

Cow Point, 40 n. 

Cowes, White anchors at, 282. 

Cox, William, master of Golden Hind, 
192; reckonings of course from 
Cape Race to Cape Breton kept by, 
209 ; objects to keeping course near 
land, 210; unwilling to return to 
England, 214 ; assigned by Gilbert to 
south discovery, 217; urges Gilbert 
not to return to frigate, 218. 

Craney Island, 249 n. 

Croatoan, Manteo a native of, 241 n.; 
Captain Stafford sent to, 264 ; Lane 
announces Intention of going to, 
266; mainland of Virginia mistaken 
for, 287 ; Captain Stafford goes to, 
289; natives of, 289-292; destruc- 
tion of men left by Grenville re- 
ported by natives of, 290-291; 
White hears that Roanoke colonists 
removed to, 303; White at anchor 
off, 314; White believes colonists 
to be at, 318; White plans to go to, 
319. 

Cross Island, 402 n. 

Cuba, Hawkins reaches, 114; Haw- 
kins sails towards, 115; Hawkins 
passes by, 140; mentioned, 309 n.; 
captured Spaniards landed on, 312. 

Cudniaigny, Indian god, 52, 53, 66, 67. 

Cuervo, see Corvo. 

Culebra. 308 n. 

Cumberland Bay, 9 n. 

Currituck Sound, 235 n. 

Curry, J. L. M., discovered, in archives 
at Simancas, plan of fort erected by 
the Popham colonists, 411 n. 

Cushnoc Island, 414 n., 416 n. 

Cuttyhunk, first English settlement 
in New England at, 327; Gosnold 
and Gilbert at, 333; caXLed by Gos- 




«cwUd at, SW B.; dtowto, SS8. 



JDialBl, o< BndB, diliH to lum famtd 

drcr, a05; ttoMh, 313; awatlcned, 

SIS. 
Dm, *""'". aOS, 308. 
Dm, Eknor, dtaghtar of Oonraor 

John Whlto, 398, 389. 
Dm, niglnk, bom at Bowoka, aoa, 

SOO. 
DHtmovO. BdvMd BajM landi M, 

319; DUDtloDad, S39. 809; W«7^ 

■MNtA •*, 850; WaTmoolli's n- 

tun to, SS5. 891. 
DMamoaiuepaak, Manteo nude lord 

«(. 341 a., 398; plw to 



■oIbc to, 988; iMtm fom to, 387; 
iBBB Wt b 1588 br QnawOia »- 
poctod to hM« bMD aWafced by 

. Mthw or, 300-301. 393; WUto 
iMdm BO mpir to iMaMCB Mut 
to natlvM of, 201 ; n&tlTM at, buk- 
pected of despofliiiK proper^ of 
Roanoke coloniats, 318. 

Davidson, George, quoted, 155 n. 

Davies, James, probable author of 
Btlalion of a Voyage to SagadoAoe, 
398. 

Davies, Captain Robert, returns to 
England from river of Sagadahoc, 
418; returns to fort, 419; brings 
back ship ladea with supplies, 419. 

Davis, Jamea, accompanies Gilbert in 
visit to Indians, 413. 

Davis, Robert, in Gilbert's voyage of 
I6S3, 192. 

Davis^ Island, mentioned, 379 n. 

Dawbeney, Oliver, accompanies Hore, 
107; ^ves informatiOD concerning 
Hore's voyage, 107-108; reported 
that men lulled oompanions for 
food, 108. 

Deadman s Island, 16 n. 

Deane, Charles, editor Hakluyt'a 
DiMnurae, 226. 

De OiMto. B. F., 340 n., 3S7. 



D^rad, butiar. «. 

IMdM, ■h4><i< BIr HioqpbnT OOwrt, 
103; loM 0^ 308 M., 308, SIO-SU; 
nton vt e^rtafa vt, to ^^nd, 
307; Hmriea Browne inada aetata 
111,307; iMaleabaaid,310: wnduA, 
311; fatoofmnlnnoC, 3U; pU 
<tfQllbwtfbrkMi<4318. 

DmibH AUMd, fatogra^deal aeeooBt 
o< Ft^ otted. SM. 



•«,oe. 

DV>7. d 
piutaee FAyMa, 419. 



IMi«^ OoTsnor WUto ft^ 807 B. 
2KM*pmr. la Flrf^a aapaa t toa. Stt; 



abaad to ^tfaad, 850; darattqaof 
883. 

; greeted by natives 
0< Orleans, 46; talks witii 
refuses to come to 
ClHrtier'aiA^), 4S-~19; comes aboard 
•bfp, 50; ashees to go to Uocbelaga, 
51; qnaml witb Tugnoagny, 51; 
fn rase to hinder Cartier's journey 
to Hochelaga, .'>:*; visitJ= CartirT, 
65; desires baptism, 67; illnesB of, 
75; remedy used by, 76; announces 
approach of Donnacona, 78; Car- 
tier's plan to recapture, 79 ; speaks 
vltb Cartier, SO; reports unfriend- 
liness of Taignoagny, 81 ; taken 
prisoner, 81; reports capture of 
Donnacona to his subjects, 84; 
mentioned, 100. 

Dominica, Hawkins near, 139; White 
reaches, 283; Englishmen trade 
with natives of, 308; men on the 
John capture two natives of, 310. 

Donnacona, vislta Cartier, 46; village 
of, 47, 70; welcomes Cartier, 48; 
objects to Cartier* s carrying weapons, 
49; visit to Cartier, 60; presents 
Indian children to Cartier, 50-Al; 
device to prevent Cartier's journey 
to Hochelaga, 52-54; desires Cai^ 
tier to leave hostage, 64; visits 
Cartier, 65; house of, 65-66; desires 
baptism, 67; account of Sagucnay 



INDEX 



429 



River,71 ; suspected of treachery, 77; 
assembles many Indians at Stada- 
oona, 78; feigns illness, 78; Gartier's 
plan to capture, 79; said he had 
travelled, 79; refuses to visit Car- 
tier, 80; visits Gartier, 81; taken 
prisoner, 81; talks with his people, 
82; promised safe return, 82; 
orders people to bring him food, 83 ; 
receives present from Gartier, 83; 
promises to return, 84; in France, 
93; king appointed by, 95; death 
of, reported to Indians by Gartier, 
96. 

Double Gape, Gartier near, 10, 11, 
29. 

Dove Houses, islands, 10; named, 11; 
same as Bay of Islands, 11 n. 

Drake, Francis, afterwards Sir Fran- 
cis, in Hawkins's third voyage, 135, 
151; expedition against Spanish 
settlements in West Indies, 136, 
152, 249 n.; bitterness against 
Spaniards, 151; crossed Isthmus 
of Panama, 151; voyage aroimd 
world, 151-152; sources of informa- 
tion about voyage of circumnaviga- 
tion, 151-152; knighted by Eliza- 
beth, 152; in harbor of Gadiz, 152; 
present at destruction of Armada. 
152; death, 152; account of last 
voyage of, 152; on coast of Cali- 
fornia, 153-173; leaves Guatulco, 
153; encounters extreme cold, 153- 

154, 155, 156; anchors in a bay, 
154; goes southward, 155; anchors in 
a " convenient and fit harborough,'' 

155, 158; probable identity of 
anchorage of, 155 n.; visited by 
natives, 159, 162-163; building of 
fort of, 160, 162; relations with 
Indians, 160, 161-162, 168; Indians 
appear to worship, 163, 169; pra3rs 
for Indians, 163; visited by Indian 
king, 164-168 ; gives food to Indians, 
170; explores inland, 170-171; 
names country Albion, 171; sets 
up monument, 171; Indians say 
farewell to, 173; and the Virginia 
colonists, 246, 249, 257, 259, 268, 
271, 276-277; mentioned, 352 n. 

Drake, Samuel, The Book of the Indiana, 
dted, 333 n. 



Drake's Bay, attempt to identify 

Drake's ''convenient and fit bar- 

borough" with, 155 n. 
Dry Ledges, 379 n. 
Du Petit Val, Raphael, Diacaure du 

Voyage fait par U Capilaine Jaquea 

Cartier, 3. 

East Gape, 26 n. 

East India Gompany, Wajrmouth's 
search for a northwest passage under 
auspices of, 355. 

East India service, Pring in, 343. 

East Indies, search for northwest pas- 
sage to, 105. 

Eden, Richard, translation of Peter 
Martyr's De Rebua Oceanicis, 119 n. 

Edenton, 248 n. 

Edgartown, Martha's Vineyard, 346 n. 

Eduford Bonaventure, arrives at Flores, 
322. 

Elbridge, Giles, obtained, with Robert 
Aldworth, letters patent for a grant 
of land at Pemaquid, 347 n. 

Elizabeth, queen of England, knights 
Drake, 152; patent to Sir Hum- 
phrey GUbert, 177, 185, 185 n.; 
Gilbert takes possession of harbor 
and surroimding country in name of, 
199; Amadas and Barlowe take 
possession of land in name of, 228; 
names Virginia, 230 n.; knighted 
Ralegh, 231 n.; Indian king Okisko 
annoimces intention of doing homage 
to, 261; granted license to ships of 
John Wattes to depart for West 
Indies, 305. 

Elizabeth Islands, 333 n. 

Elizabeth Isle, Guttyhunk named, by 
Gosnold, 333 n., 340; and Shake- 
speare's Tempest, 334 n. 

El Mina, Hawkins considers going to, 
138 n. 

Emannett, 403. 

Engelhard, N.G., 237 n. 

England, Gartier 's discoveries reported 
in, 105; fishing interests in New- 
foimdland, 109 n.; and coloniza- 
tion in America, 179, 182-183; and 
discoveries of Gabots, 180, 183 ; sup? 
port of Netherlands in conflict with 
Spain, 270, 275; Grenville wishes to 
secure claim of, to Virginia, 276, 




m 



English voyagere to the American 
coast, in the sixteenth century, 
rout«« of, 327. 

EnrlqucE, Don Marttn, viceroy of 
NuevB Espuiia, 142; replies to Haw- 
kins' b message, 143; gives asduriuieD 
of protection, 144; attack on Haw* 
kins, 144. 

Ensenore, friendliness to English, 259, 
260-2Q1; death of, 259, 262; per- 
suades Pemisvpan to have ground 
sowa to provide English with food, 
262; mentioned, 263. 

Eraoano, acoompanied Lane on ex- 
ploring expedition, 260. 

Estero Lintantour, 155 n. 

Exeter, England, 419. 

Exmouth, Goanold and Gilbert near, 



Falcon, Ralegh in command of, 225. 

Falmouth, Qolden Hind arrives at, 
219; Goanold's expedition leaves, 
329. 

Fayal, part of English fleet anchor at, 
322. 

Ferdinando, Simon, In expedition of 
Amadas and Bartowe, 230, 241 ; and 
Roanoke colonists, 230 n,; forsook 
ffy-boat, 282-2S:i; reported that St. 
Croix was not inhabited by savages, 
284; said there were many sheep on 
Vieques, 284 ; prevented White from 
stopping for salt, 235; did not wish 
White to land at St. Germans, 285; 
promised to land on Hiapaniola, 286; 
said he would try to obtain cattle 
from friend Alanson, 286; claimed 
that he heard Alanson had left, 
286; reported that there were aalt- 
ponds on Caycos, 286 ; mistook 
location of Croatoan. 287; to re- 
turn to England, 287; displeased 
at reappearance of fly-boat, 288; 
return voyage, 297; mentioned, 
298. 

Fermeuse, 190 a. 

Fire, Indian method of obtaining, 120, 
338. 

Fishing vessels oB Newfoundland, 
109 n., 187, 194. 



PitEwilliam, Mr., In voyage of John 

Hawkins in 1365, 132. 
Flamingo, Hawkins describes, 129- 



FlanderB, war in, 270, 275. 

Flax, use by Indians. 338. 

Flores, seen by White, 206; sighl«d, 
320; White at, 321-322; English 
men-of-war at, 321-322; Pring 
passes, 345; Waymoutb near, 360; 
Pophun colonists direct courae tow- 
ards, 399; Captain Popham an- 
chors at, 400; Captain Gilbert 
leaves, 401. 

Florida, 72; information derived from 
Hawkins's voyage about, 113; 
Hawkins near, 114; dangers of 
coast, 116; Hawkins at islands 
near, 117, 119; French setllemeiil 
in, lis, 119, 120. 122-125, 126, 127, 
128,131; cruelty of natives of. 11«; 
Hawkins along coast of, 119-120; 
regarded by Hawkins aa an island, 
120; products of, 120, 125-130; 
Indiansof, 120-121, 125-127 ; French 
deserters from fort returned to, 123; 
Hawkins seeks coast of, 140; men- 
tioned. 147, 179, 180, 182. 227; ill 
sucoese of Bpanish attempts in, 182; 
currents off coast of, 187, 188; 
Drake passes coast of, 276; Wliite 
near, 312-313. 

Floridians, cruelty of, 119; houses of, 
120; clothing, 120-121 ; weapons, 
121 ; French obliged to aid a king 
of the, 122-123; wars with French 
colony, 124; food, 125; use of to- 
bacco, 125-126; paint their bodies, 
126; ornaments. 127. 

Florio, Jean, 3. 

Flying fish, 129. 

Foregighl, arrives at Flores, 322. 

Fort 8t. George, 384 n. 

FouetE, river of. 64; same aa the St 
Maurice, 64 n. 

Fox Island, named, 345. 

France, Taignoagny and Domagaia 
tell what they saw in. 46; Cartier 
sets upon fort the arms of, 81 ; 
Dotinacona in, 93, 96; actiWty in 
America, 179; alk^ed encroach- 
ment on English rights in America, 
182; ill success of early attempts at 



INDEX 



431 



settlement in America, 182; Ralegh 
fights with Huguenots in, 225; 
value of her navigable rivers to, 
381. 

Francis I., king of France, interest in 
Cartier's enterprise, 3; Cartier's 
men sworn to service of, 4; hears 
Career's report, 35; gives Cartier 
new commission, 35; mentioned, 
37, 50, 70, 80; name inscribed on 
Cartier' s fort, 81; Donnacona to 
relate travels to, 82; hesitated to 
encourage Cartier to return, 91; 
attention of, occupied by Spanish 
invasion, 91 ; letters patent to Rober- 
val, 91 ; considered New France to 
be part of Asia, 91; heard reports 
of Cartier's voyages, 93; decides 
to send expedition imder Roberval, 
93; provided money for fitting out 
ships, 94; desired early departure 
of Cartier, 94. 

Francis, bark, provisioned for Lane by 
Drake, 269; loss of, 269. 

French fishing vessels, ofif Newfound- 
land, 109, 194, 330 n.; on New 
England coast, 330 n. 

French settlement in Florida, 118, 119, 
120, 122-125, 126, 127, 128, 131; 
relieved by Hawkins, 124. 

French ship met by Hore, 109-110; 
receives redress from king of Eng- 
land, 110. 

Frobisher, Martin, Hawkins joined, 
in voyage for purpose of harassing 
Spanish commerce, 136. 

Frosmont, Thomas, master of the great 
Hermina, 37. 

Funk Island, 5 n. 

Furs, obtained in trade from Indians, 
337; worn by Indians, 339; Gos- 
nold's bark carries, 339; value of 
French trade in, 350; Waymouth's 
men obtained, from Indians in trade, 
371; Bashabes reported to have 
quantity of, 375 ; Indians report that 
on the mainland they have, 376, 
377; Bashabes offers to exchange, 
381, 385. 

Galida, Hawkins approaches, 147. 
Gannets, identity of Margaulx with, 
6n. 



Gasp^ Bay, Cartier puts into, 22; 
natives of, 22-24, 25; Cartier sets 
up cross at, 24-25; Cartier leaves, 
26; mentioned, 41 n. 

Oeorge, The, another name for Gilbert's 
ship Delight, 192. 

Gift of Ood, despatched to coast of 
Maine with colonists, 397; George 
Popham captain of, 399 ; arrived in 
Pentecost Harbor, 406 n. ; went into 
river of Sagadahoc, 409; officers of, 
not familiar with coast, 409 n. 

Gilbert, Bartholomew, route of, 327; 
persons of prominence aided voyage 
of, 327; makes peace with Ralegh, 
327; accompanied Ralegh to Vir- 
gmia, 327; fate, 327; and division 
of food, 340 n. ; mentioned, 343. 

Gilbert, Sir Hmnphrey, quoted, 109; 
wrote A Discourse of Discovery for 
a new Passage to Cataia, 177; early 
life, 177; service in Ireland, 177; 
in Parliament, 177; in Netherlands, 
177; received royal patent, 177, 185; 
imsuccessful attempt at voyage of 
discovery, 177, 185, 225; last voyage, 
177-178; account of last voyage, 
178-222; purpose to colonize north- 
em part of America, 179, 197 ; first 
Englishman to ''carry people to 
erect an habitation and government 
in those Northerly countreys of 
America," 178, 183; grants assign- 
ments out of his commission, 185, 
1 86 ; preparations for second voyage, 
186; orders agreed upon by captains 
and masters of fleet of, 189-191; 
proposed route, 190; sets sail, 192; 
ships of, 192; abandoned by the 
Raleigh, 193; meets unfavorable 
winds, 193; separaied from two 
of his ships, 193; at Grand Banks, 
194; near Penguin Island, 195; 
joined by Swallow, 195; reaches 
.harbor of St. John's, 196; meets 
Squirrel, 196; sends boat into har- 
bor, 197; shows commission to 
masters and owners of English 
fishing vessels, 197; on land, 198; 
takes formal possession, 199 ; erects 
arms of England, 199; makes grants 
of land, 200; assigns tasks to men, 
200; hears report of silver, 205-206; 



daddM ta fS fa Squirrel. 207 ; 
IWTW hufoor Ct Bt John's, 207 ; at 
Cbpe Bao^ 207; orders Bounding 
to ba mada^ 310 ; oonfers with cap- 
tifa and mutir of Colden Hind, 
n4 ; beaw tfrt hj men to returo, 
SM; naolvM to ntam to England, 
SU; pnmlMa to ntat-n to America 
ta V™& 214; «« strange fish, 
SU; starti on ntnnt voyage, 215 ; 
•amM abcMnl OoUm tfiru/, 215 ; 
ntamtoMgRto<8mirnI,2ie ; spends 
dqr aboard OoMm Hind, 216; 
lanMBta loaa o( Da%At, 216 ; ra^ 
a* boy for l a n o Wm something he 
ma onkrad to briiv from the De- 
Mt, 21s ; baUared to have had 
hopea of flndltic rfhw mine in New- 
foondlattd, 3IS-317; plans for an- 
otbar TOjage, 317; warned out to 
ratom to b^^An, 317: insists on 
ooattaulng In Mgata, :j18; courage, 
319; fato,31S; eharacter, 221-22:>; 

flnUMM of pmpOaB, 31^1-222; men- 

ttooad, 837, 337. 

dOaart, Sir John, bnithar of Sir Hum- 
bean dl Bir Humphrey 
rf a tato, 31S; mcDtioncd. 220. 
. air John, BCD of Sir Hum- 
phrey, Captain Gilbert heara of 
death of, 419 n. 

Gilbert, Sir Otho, 177. 

Gilbert, Raleigh, in expedition to 
Maine coaat, 3B7, SOS; ea]>tain of 
the Mary and John, 390; held as 
pirate by Flemish captain, 400-401; 
released, 401; go«a on shore to sc' 
Indiana, 406-407; Bails towards 
river of Femaquid, 40S; sails up 
river of Sagadahoc, 410; erabarks 
to go to westward upnn some dis- 
covery, 412— 113; spenrls night with 
SkidworrBB and other IjKiimis, 4i:j; 
TntlianH promise to nocompany, 
to river of Penobscot, 413; leaves 
fort to go to trade wilh ilnshabes, 
413; delayed in reachinc rivE-r at 
Femaquid, 414; tails to find Skiii- 
warree, 414; leavee fort to go for 
head of river of Sagadahoc. 414; 
aende man to Indian cajioe as hos- 
tage for Sabenoa, 415 ; goes to see 
Indian housea, 416; refuses to trade 




■M op cnaa naar 
iMid of ifnr, 417; haara nam af 
fcnttK'B deaUk. 419; oUlBBd to 
ratoiB to Ai^and. 419. 

<Baven, DHbte, laft at IbAatoa Bvt 
SSK. 

Oodati, 5; namad far GMkr. S; at 
Uaad of Bird% 8; at Uanda «( 
lfatpMbt.18. 

Qold, repotted to be fa BagtMrnr, 73; 

or noritfa btdiaB^ laa^ 137. 

Oold ooait, 138 n. 

ObWen Hind, one of GUbert'sahipa, 
192 ; becomes vice-admiral, 193; 
reckonings of course from Capo 
Race to Cape Breton, 209; porpoiae 
caught by men in, 210; escapw 
from shoals, 211; crew of, deaira 
to return to England, 214; stninga 
fish approaches, 215; Gilbert aboard, 
216-217; provisions furnished to 
frigate from, 218; arrival in Fat- 
mouth. 210; goes to Dartmouth, 
219; crew of. impatient to depart, 
220; arrives at Weymouth, 220. 

Qoldsraid, Edmund, 226. 

G«nera, Hawkins at, 137. 

Gorges, Sir Ferdinando, fitted out 
veeeel, 358 n.; Indians given to, 
394 n. ; especially interest«d in vessel 
commanded by Challoung, 397; 
makes no mention of Hanham in his 
account of voyage of 1606, 397; 
manuscript of £eIa(ton of a Voyag* 
to Sagadahoc, found among papers 
of, 399; mentioned, 418 n. 

Ooi^es Society, 356, 398. 

Goanold, Baitholomew, voyage to 
New England coast, 327-340; route, 
327; Eal^h hears of voyage of, 
327; Ralegh complaina of, 327; 
persons of prominence aided, 327; 
sailed for Virginia with J&meatown 
colonists, 328; fate, 328; landfall, 
330 n.; goes ashore on a "whit« 
sandle and very bolde shore," 331; 
goes ashore on island, 332; calls 
Cuttyhunk Elizabeth' s Island, 333 n., 
340; Earl of Southampton patron 
of, 334 n.; directs Brereton to go to 



INDEX 



433 



Indians, 336; fort, 336 n.; his so- 
journ on Cuttyhunk commemorated 
by erection of tower, 336 n. ; makes 
presents to Indians, 337; return to 
England, 340; probably desired to 
establish a permanent trading 
post, 340 n.; mentioned, 343, 346, 
355. 

Gouion, John, accompanies Cartier to 
Hochelaga, 57. 

"Govemour and Assistants of the 
Citie of Ralegh in Virginia," 282. 

Goyett, John, knew captain of one of 
the Flemish ships met by Captain 
Gilbert, 400. 

Graciosa, 322, 399 n. 

Gran Canaria, 308. 

Grand Bay, 194, 201. 

Granganimeo, greets Amadas and Bar- 
lowe, 230; receives presents, 231; 
comes aboard ships, 232 ; apparel of, 
232; wife of, 232, 233, 235-236; 
offers pearl in exchange for armor, 
234; sends food, 234; Barlowe and 
his companions entertained by wife 
of, 235-236; Barlowe' s suspicion of 
Indians grieves wife of, 236; death 
of, 252, 259. 

Granges, hills, 11, 29. 

Gratiosa, see Graciosa. 

Gravesend, Hore embarks at, 107; 
Waymouth's expedition at, 359. 

Gray, Francis C, 336 n. 

Great Meccatina, 38 n. 

Green Island, 402 n. 

Greene, Henry, in expedition of 
Amadas and Barlowe, 241. 

Greenevile, William, in expedition of 
Amadas and Barlowe, 241. 

Greenish harbor, 7 n. 

GrenviUe, Sir Richard, 230 n. ; Manteo 
returned with, 241 n. ; early life, 245 ; 
aided in sending Amadas and Bar- 
lowe to America, 245, 277 n. ; in com- 
mand of expedition of colonists to 
America, 245 ; death, 245 ; relation of 
his voyage of 1585, 245 ; anchors at 
Wocokon, 246 n. ; lands colonists, 
247 n.; return, 247 n.; Lane fails 
to receive supplies from, 270; dis- 
appointed at not finding Roanoke 
colonists, 275; institutes measures 
for maintaining England's claim to 

2f 



Virginia, 275, 278; return to Eng- 
land, 275; arrival in Virginia, 277; 
hunts for colonists and relief ship, 
277 ; lands fifteen men on Roanoke 
Island, 278, 281, 290; departs for 
England, 278; captiu*es Spaniards 
off Azores, 278; return, 278; placed 
in charge of relief fleet Ralegh pre- 
pared to send to Virginia, 303. 

Grifi^, Owen, spends night ashore 
with Indians, 374; gives account of 
powwow ceremonies, 374; sent 
ashore to meet Indians, 377; re- 
ports seeing large number of anned 
Indians, 377. 

Griffith, William, 399. 

Guadeloupe, 283, 308. 

Guatemala, 153 n., 309 n. 

Guatulco, Drake at, 151, 153. 

Guayanilla, in Porto Rico, 285 n. 

Guiana, voyage of Pring to, 343; 
Ralegh's voyage to, 383. 

Guinea, Hawkins prociures slaves at, 
113; mentioned, 114; Hawkins 
sails to, 137; Hawkins along coast 
of, 138-139. 

Gulf Stream, 117 n., 313 n. 

Gwathanelo, see Guatemala. 

Hakluyt, Richard, Principal Naviga^ 
tiona, 3, 36, 72 n., 92, 95 n., 105, 
146 n., 185 n., 186 n., 192 n., 196 n., 
212 n., 225, 226, 229 n., 241 n., 245, 
246 n., 247 n., 258 n., 275, 281, 
284 n., 285 n., 287 n., 293 n.; and 
Pretty's narrative, 152; mentioned, 
212 n., 305, 347 n. 

Hakluyt, Richard, of the Middle 
Temple, 105, 107, 110. 

Hakluyt Society, 113, 135, 146 n., 
152, 186 n., 212 n., 229 n., 241 n., 398. 

Hale, Edward Everett, opinion of 
identity of ''convenient and fit 
harborough" where Drake anchored, 
155 n. 

Halifax Harbor, 402 n. 

Hance, Mr., surgeon, drowned, 316. 

Hanham, Thomas, in conmiand of 
vessel sent out by Sir John Popham, 
358 n., 397. 

Hardie, Mr., accompanied Hore, 106. 

Hare Island, 44 n., 84. 

Hariot, Thomas, see Harriot;, Thomaa 



434 IN] 

Harps, Mr., captain of pinnace brought 
by EMward Spiccr, 311. 313. 

Uarriut. Thomas, among Kotinoke 
colonists, 258; A briefe and true 
report o/ the new found land of Vir- 
ginia, 258 n.; Indians plan to kill, 
203. 

HatoTBSk, Pridiox sent to, 201; prob- 
able location, 264 n. ; relief ex- 
pedition of 1586 arrives at, 277; 
White comes to, 287; fly-boat 
arrives at, 2S8; Englishmen left 
In 1688 fled to, 291; White near, 
314; White Beta out from, 316. 

Havana, Hawkins seeks, 115; Haw- 
kins passes, 116; mentioned, 227, 
312, 321; White near. 313. 

BawbiDS, John, early life, 113; inven- 
tion, 113; voyage to Guinea, 113; 
brought slave? to West Indies, 113; 
despatched ships to Spain, 113; 
act'ount of voyage of 1565, 113-132; 
Bails from Plymouth, IH; reaches 
Cuba, 114; sails towards Florida, 
114; atTortugas, 115; sailstowards 
Cuba, 115; searches for Mesa de 
Mfirifrl, 115-116; decider Ui go to 
Rio de Puereos, 116; overshoots 
Havana, 116^ reachea islauda near 
Florida, 117; rejoices at recovery of 
boats, 1 19 ; sails along shore of 
Florida in a pinnace, 119; speaks 
with natives, 119; seeks French 
settlement, 119-120; finds French, 
120, 122; entertained at French 
fort. 122; relieves Frenchmen, 124; 
leaves Florida, 131 ; buys fish from 
French ships at Newfoundland, 131; 
arrival in Cornwall, 131; return to 
England, 135; his account of third 
voyage, 135-148; member of Par- 
liament, 1.3.5; made a grandee of 
Spain, 135; equipped vessels for 
operations against Spain, 
made treasurer of navy, 135; pre- 
pared roval fleet to meet Armada, 
135; knighted, 136; voyage of 
1590. 136; founded hospital. 136; 
in expedition agaia't Spanish settle- 
ments in West Indies, 136; death, 
136; sets sail from Plymouth, 137; 
at Canaries, 137 ; reaches Cape 
Verde, 137; captures negroes. 



137; shot by poisoned arrow, 138; 
along coast of Guinea, 138; helps 
negro king to capture enemy's 
town, 15S; captures many pris- 
oners, 138; deceived by negro, 138; 
leaves Gumea, 139; sights Uomi- 
niea, 139; difficulty in trading with 
Spaniards, 139; goes from Mar- 
garita Island to Cartagena, 139; 
at Cabo de la Vela, 139; enters Rio 
de la Hacha by force, 139; not 
allowed to trade at Cartagena, 140; 
passes Cuba, 140; encounters storms, 
140; seeks coast of Florida, 140; 
captures sliips, 140; enters port of 
San Juan de Ulua, 140; visited by 
Spaniali officials. 140; finds ships 
laden with gold and silver, 141; 
sends messenger to Mexico, 141; 
sees Spanish fleets approaching, 
141; in pcrpleaity, 142; receives 
reply of viceroy, 142; proposes con- 
ditions to viceroy, 142; suspects 
Spanish treachery, 143; attacked 
by viceroy and other Spaniards, 
144-145; boards Minum, 145; 
abandons Jesui of Lubet, 145; 
escape from Spaniards, 145; lands 
half of his men on shore of Gulf of 
Mexico, 146; in stortn, 147; passes 
through channel of Bahama, 147; 
loses men by famine, 147; arrival 
in Galicia, 147; helped by Engliah 
sliips at Vigo. 147; arrival in Corn- 
wall, 147; sufferings on voyage of, 
147-148; at Asores awaiting arrival 
of Spanish fleet, 322. 
Hawkins. William, voyages to Africa 

for slaves, 113. 
Hayes, Edward, narrative of voyage 
of Sir Humphrey Gilbert, 178-222; 
A Treatise . . . confcintng impor- 
tant inducemfnli jor the planling of 
these parU and finding a passage that 
teay la the South ma and China, 173; 
admonition to would-be colonixers 
of America, 181; in command of 
Golden Hind, 192 ; unwillingness to 
return to England, 214 ; opinion 
that Gilbert had hopes of finding 
mine in Newfoundland. 216-217; 
assigned to south discovery, 217; 
urges Gilbert not to continue in 



INDEX 



435 



frigate, 218; lands at Dartmouth, 
219; informs Gilbert's brother of 
his fate, 210; urged by men to leave 
Dartmouth, 220; sails to Wey- 
mouth, 220. 

Hayti, 309 n. 

Headly, Edward, survives wreck of 
Delight, 213; death, 213. 

Henry VII., patent toCabots, 180 n.; 
aid to Cabot, 183. 

Henry VIII., favors voyage of Hore, 
106; gave recompense to French 
ship despoiled by Hore, 110. 

Henry, William Wirt, quoted, 233 n. 

Hermerillon, in Cartier's second voy- 
age, 37. 

Hermina, the Greats ship, in Cartier's 
second voyage, 37. 

Hermina, the LUiUj ship, in Cartier's 
second voyage, 37. 

Heme, Griffith, 269. 

Hewes, John, in expedition of Amadas 
and Barlowe, 241. 

Hispaniola, slaves sold by Hawkins at, 
113; French from Florida fort went 
to, 123; Ferdinando promises to 
•land at, 286; White passes, 286; 
mentioned, 309, 311, 320. 

Hochelaga, 37; Indians captured by 
Cartier tell of river of, 41 ; Indians 
promise to go to, 49; Cartier's wish 
to reach, 49; Donnacona wishes 
Cartier not to go to, 50; Donna- 
cona's ruse to prevent Cartier from 
going to, 52-54; Indians direct 
Cartier to, 56; Cartier reaches, 57; 
natives of, 57, 60; site of town of, 
58 n.; town of, described, 59; 
Cartier in town of, 61-63; men- 
tioned, 69, 72, 75; language of 
natives of, 86-88; Roberval lieu- 
tenant-governor of, 91, 93; Cartier 
decides to go to, 99. 

Hochelaga, river of, same as St. Law- 
rence River, 41. 

Hochelay, Cartier at, 54; little girl 
given to Cartier by ruler of, 55; 
mentioned, 70; Cartier visits ruler 
of, 99-100; Cartier fails to find ruler 
of, 101. 

Hognedo, see Honguedo. 

Holy Cross, port of, see St. Croix. 

Honfleur, Roberval goes to, 94. 



Honguedo, 41; same as Gasp4, 41 n.; 
mentioned, 66; Cartier sails to, 84. 

Honguedo, moimtains of, 69. 

Hope, comes to Flores to await Span- 
ish fleet, 322. 

HoperveU, ship, 307. 

Hore, Robert, probable interest in 
search for a northwest passage to 
the East Indies, 105; study of 
"cosmographie," 105, 106; suflfer- 
ings of expedition of, 105; Hak- 
luyii's narrative of voyage of, 106- 
110; companions of, 106; embarks, 
107; near Cape Breton, 107; at 
Penguin Island, 107; in Newfound- 
land, 107-110; hears reports of 
cannibalism among his men, 109; 
makes speech exhorting men to 
repentance, 109; meets with French 
ship, 110; return, 110. 

Hortop, Job, in Hawkins's voyage of 
1568, 146 n. 

Howe, George, killed by Indians, 288- 
289 ; reported to have been slain by 
Wingina's men, 290, 292; in list of 
colonists who came with John 
White, 298. 

Hudson River, 72 n. 

Hunt, Thomas, captured Tasquan- 
tam, 394 n. 

Icebergs, seen by Hore's men, 110 
Indians, of White Sands, 10; appear- 
ance of, 10; dress of, 10; paint 
themselves, 10; catch seals, 10; 
of Wild Men's Cape, 16; come in 
boats to St. Martin's creek, 19, 20; 
afraid of Cartier's gims, 19; trade 
with Cartier, 20; of Bay of Chaleur, 
21; trade with Cartier, 21; ofGasp^ 
Bay, 23-25; appearance of, 23; 
food of, 23, 24; captured by Car- 
tier, 25; of Cape Tiennot, 29; tell 
Cartier of river of Hochelaga, 41; 
of Isle of Orleans, 46; of Stadacona, 
46^54, 65-72, 75-83, 95-97; fright- 
ened by cannon, 51 ; of Hochelay, 
54-55, 99-100; of Hochelaga, 57- 
64; bring food to Cartier, 57; 
village of, 59; manner of making 
bread, 59-60; apparel, 60; use of 
wampum, 60; occupations of, 60; 
bring sick to Cartier to be healed, 



tt; hMT nrvira rrad. 62; food of, 
(S; boom of those of Stadacona, 
i8; haw acalps of enemies, 66; 
iBi i nnm aad customH of, 66-60; 
baltail Vt, 66-67; appnrel of, 67; 
hmn two or three wives, 67; food 
o^QB; nn tobacco, 68; clotbing of, 




of : 



• the 




1 country 
capt\ired, 81; use 
1,82,83,84.98; of river 
, 84; language of, 86- 
( food to Cartier, 101 ; 
in boat near New- 
of Florida, 119- 
U7; of Oiuramia, 158-173; regard 
Sr^ tad hia men as gods, 159- 
teS, 180, ITS; bouses of. 101. 171; 
^ipflanuiee, 161; hear singing of 
nwhlH. 1<I8; apparel, 164-165; a 
ibtg of, 165-167; paint their 
*"" ' " Wof, 166; weapons 
t Drake's de- 
. of the country 
V239, 241, 247- 

by, 231; trade with 
Amadu Mid Barlowe, 232; have 
onamentl of copper, 232, 233; ap- 
PB W MW of, 232; signal-fires, 233; 
lK»tBof,28S-234; food of, 235-236; 
fear of gun6, 238; weapons, 238; 
civil diflaensions, 238, 239; visit 
Engliflh, 24T-248; towns of, 248; 
of Chawanoac, 248-252, 254, 255, 
261; prepare to attack Roanoke, 
252; giveacoountAofmineof Chaunis 
Temoatan, 254-255; make attack 
on Lane, 255; Lane's coloniata de- 
pendent on, for food, 2S9; belief 
tiukt white men after death would 
injure them, 261; of Weapemcoc, 
261, 263, 265; conspire against 
Lane, 262-266; treatment of, by 
Lane's colony, 277, 277 n.; killed 
men left by GrenvUle, 288, 290-291 ; 
kiU George Howe, 288-289, 292; of 
Croatoan, 289-292 ; greet White and 
his men, 289; of Dominica, 308, 
310; of New England. 330-331, 333, 
336-339, 347-351, 367-381, 385, 
391, 392, 405. 407, 408, 411-418; 
come aboard boats of Gosnold and 
Qilbert, 330; appearance, 330; 



weapons, 330; report having eeen 
Basque fiahennen. 330-331; of isl- 
ands near Cape Cod. 333; appear- 
ance. 333; give 6ab and tobacco to 
English, 333; pipes of, 333; of 
Cape Cod. 336-339; visit English- 
men at Cuttyhunk. 336-338; dis- 
like of mustard, 337; trade furs 
with English at Cuttyhunk, 337; 
have ornaments of eopper, 337-338; 
manner of striking fire, 33S: return 
to mainland, 338; help English cut 
and carry sassafras, 338; disposi- 
Uon and appearance of, 338-339; 
aptitude at learning English. 339; 
treatment of women. 339; eome 
to see Englishmen with Pring, 347; 
food of, 347 ; delight in musie. 347; 
weapons of, 347-348; afraid of 
mastiffs. 348, 351; appearance, 346; 
boats of. 348-340; surrouad Pring's 
fort, 350-351; diffiemble friendly 
manner, 351; mentioned, 358; visit 
Waymoulh'H ship, 367-3&8; ap- 
pearance of, 368; paint their bodies 
andfacee, 368; clothing, 368; found 
to be of quick understanding. 36S; 
boats of, 368; believed to be jealous 
of their women, 368, 373; would 
eat nothing raw, 360; Rosier offers 
to trade with, 369; afraid of guns, 

kindly disposition shown by, 
come to visit Englishmen, 

treated with kindness by Eng- 
lish, 371; trade with Rosier, 371; 
marvel to aee English catch hah by 
net, 371; wonder at use of loadstone, 
371-372; at supper and at service 
with Waymouth, 372; offer tobacco 
to English, 373; caU Waymouth 
"Bashabcs," 373; children of, 373; 
fear doga, 374; powwow ceremonies 
of, 374; bring tobacco to English. 
375; use great quantity of tobacco, 
375; have cups of bark, 376; trade 
food with English, 376; desire EnR- 
lish to accompany thera to main- 
land, 376; swiftness of boaU of, 
376-377 ; suspected of treachery, 
377; captured by Waymouth. 378- 
379, 391 ; sent from Baahabes, 380- 
381; wore whiKvfeathered skins, 
3S0; device for ransoming men cap- 



INDEX 



437 



tured by Waymouth, 385; respect 
for rulers, 302; manner of killing 
whale, 392; seen in shallop by 
Raleigh Gilbert and his men, 402; 
come aboard Gilbert's ship, 403; 
try to trade beaver skins, 403; use 
French words, 403; promise to 
accompany Gilbert to Penobscot, 
413 ; try to escape with Englishman 
given as hostage, 415-416; ofifer to 
trade with Gilbert, 416; try to put 
out fire in shallop, 416-417 ; betake 
themselves to bows and arrows, 417; 
entertained kindly by Gilbert, 418; 
attend prayers, 418. 

Ingram, David, landed on shore of Gulf 
of Mexico, 146 n.; narrative, 146 n. 

Ireland, services of Sir Humphrey 
Gilbert in, 177 ; Ralegh's services in, 
225; White in, 297. 

Ironbound Island, 402 n. 

Iron mine, f oimd near Cartier's fort, 98. 

Iroquois Indians, 66 n. 

Iroquois, river of, 72 n. 

Isabella, in Hispaniola, 286. 

Isabella, Infanta, sister of Philip III., 
of Spain, 357 n. 

Island of Birds, Cartier at, 5; iden- 
tified with Funk Island, 5 n. ; men- 
tioned, 8; Cartier visits, ons econd 
voyage, 38. 

Island of FUberts, 45, 84. 

Island of Brest, 8; now called Old 
Fort, 8 n. 

Islands of Margaulx, 13; now Bird 
RockSy 13 n. 

Isle of Orleans, Cartier lands on, 46 n. ; 
natives of, 46; Cartier's idea of 
size of, 46 n., 48 n. ; named Bacchus 
Island, 48; Cartier approaches, 84. 

Isle of Pines, 312. 

Isle of Wight, White at, 282. 

Jalobert, Marc, a captain on Cartier's 
second voyage, 37; accompanies 
Cartier to Hochelaga, 57 ; sent back 
to France, 97. 

Jamaica, French deserters from Florida 
fort plunder at, 123; passed by 
White, 312; Spanish fleet from 
Santo Domingo forced to flee to, 321. 

James I., of England, charter for two 
colonies in America, 397. 



James Carthiers Sound, named, 9; 
same as Cumberland Bay, 9 n. 

Jamestown, in Virginia, 281 ; colony at, 
304; pinnace Virginia at, 419 n. 

Jersey, Ralegh governor of, 329. 

Jeaua of Lubec, in Hawkins's voyage 
of 1565, 114; pinnace of, sent ashore 
after water, 117; carried ahead by 
current, 118; joined by other boats, 
119; on third voyage, 137; injured 
by storm, 137; disabled by storm, 
140; in fight with Spaniards at San 
Juan de IHua, 144-145; abandoned, 
145. 

John, ship, 307; off Dominica, 308; 
joins other ships at Saona, 310; 
ordered to remain five days between 
Saona and Mona, 310; reported 
captiu'e of two Indians at Dominica, 
310; arrives at Cape Tiburon, 310; 
fight with Santo Domingo fleet, 321 ; 
encoimter with ships from Mexico, 
321; return to England, 321. 

John the Evangelist, 307 ; along south- 
em shore of Porto Rico, 309; await- 
ing other ships at Cape Tiburon, 
310; 

John Carter Brown Library, 328. 

JoUoberte, Mace, see Jalobert, Marc. 

Jones, Edward, in Pring's expedition, 
343. 

Joy, Mr., accompanies Hore, 107. 

Judiih, bark of Hawkins, escapes from 
Spaniards, 145; conmianded by 
Drake, 151. 

Kelbome, Edward, drowned, 316. 

Kelly, Edward, drowned, 316. 

Kendall, Abraham, 269. 

Kenrick's Mount, 315, 319. 

Kennebec, attempt to identify great 
river discovered by Waymouth with, 
370 n.; mentioned, 384 n., 403 n., 
405 n., 409 n., 417 n. See also Saga- 
dahoc, river of. 

Kennebunk River, 346 n. 

King, Thomas, Waymouth' s boat- 
swain, 390. 

Kingrode, arrival of Discoverer in, 
350; SpeedweU reaches, 352. 

Kingsley, Charles, use of material fur- 
nished by relations of Hawkins's 
voyage in Westward Ho, 146 n. 



Klrkland, Samuel, Id Pring'a expedi- 
tion, 343. 

Labrador, coast sighted by Cartier, 
27 n. ; mentionod. 28 n.; Roberval 
viceroy of, 91; Cabot's diacovery 
of, 180 n. 

Lachice Rapids, Carliar sees, on aecond 
voyage, 63 n.; Cartier arrivee at, 
on third voyage, 100 n. 

lAcie, Edward, In Ilawkine's voyage 
of 1565. 132. 

La Hfeve, harbor, 402 n. 

Lake Champlaia, 12 a. 

Lake Ontario, 72 n. 

Lambeth Palace Library, tn&nuscript 
of Relation of a Voyagt to Sagadahoc 
found in, 397-398. 

Lone, Ralph, tobacco introduced into 
England by. 125 n., 159 n.; account 
of the Englishmen left in Virginia, 
1585-1586, 243-271; in cliargo of 
colonists sent to America, 245 ; 
knighted, 245; gets information 
from King Mcnatonon, 240-250 ; 
proposed trip to country of pearls 
described by Menatonon, 25&-251; 
has Menatonon'a son a prise 
250, 261, 286; dismiases Menatonon 
for a ransom, 252; resolves to 
to river of Moratoc, 252 ; finds 
assembly of Indians at Chaivanoac, 
252; foils to find Moratoes and 
Mangoaks, 253; suspects Indians, 
253; in need of food, 253, 257, 260. 
262, 264; reasons for wishing to see 
Msngoaks, 254, 255; hears reports 
of a country wiiich abounds in a 
strange mineral, 254; attacked by 
Indians, 256; return to mouth of 
river, 256; at Chepanum, 257; 
arrival at Roanoke, 257; desire to 
find mine, 257; commends soil 
and climate, 2S7; prevented from 
searching for better harbor, 257; 
proposes mode of extending dis- 
coveries, 2S8; dependence on Ind- 
iana for food, 259; Peraisapan sur- 
prised by return of, 260; Menatonon 
sends) pearl to, 261; Okisko sends 
messenger to, 261 ; fear of starving, 
262; Indians plan to kill, 263; 
sends men to various places to get 



food, 264; sen 
Pemisapan, 265-266; prepares to 
meet attack of Indians. 266; eD- 
counter with Indians at Dasamon- 
guepcuk,267; hears news of Drake's 
fleet, 268 ; asks Drake for supplies, 
268; loses ships and proiiatons in 
Storm, 269; reasons for return, 
270; requests passage with Drake, 
270; returns to England, 271, 275; 
mentioned, 278, 288, 289. 

Lano, William, CaptAia, attacked by 
Spanish galley, 310; captures ship 
at Yaguana, 311. 

Large. Roger, death, 298- 

Laudonnifere. Ren6 do, colony of, on 
at. John River. 122; receives Haw- 
kins, 122; superseded by Ribault, 
1 22 a.; escape from Spaniards, 
122 n. 

Le PoU Bay, 86 n. 

Loscarbot, Marc, edition of Cartier'B 
first voyage, 3. 

Limehouse, 192, 209. 

Limollau, mentioned, 92. 

Lion, in Governor John White's ex- 
pedition, prepares for departure from 
Roanoke, 293. 

Little Heocatina, 39 n. W 

Livingston, L. S., 328. "^ 

Lizard, The, 297 n., 359, 399. 

Loire River, 383. 

Louis IX., king of France, Carti« 
names cape for, 26 n. 

Lucayos, 147. 

Lunenburg Bay, 402 n. 

Luttrell, Sir John, entert^ns some of 
the survivors of Here's voyage, 
110. 



Mahone Bay, 402 n. 

Maine, Gosnold on coast of, 330 n.; 
Basque fishermen along coast of, 
330 n.; mentioned, 333 n.; Pring 
brings information concerning, 343; 
Pring near coast of, 345 n.; Way- 
mouth near coast of, 362 n.; ter- 
centenary of Waymouth's visit to, 
367 n.; Rosier notes products of 
393-394; Hanhamexiilored coast of, 



INDEX 



439 



397; colonists sent to, 397; Pop- 
ham colonists approach, 405. 

Maine Historical Society, Documen- 
tary Series, 226; and tercentenary 
of Waymouth's voyage, 385 n. 

Maisouna, 102. 

Manana, island, 362 n. 

Mandoages, visit English colonists, 
248; Pemisapan's plan to enlist, 
in conspiracy against Lane, 263; 
join Pemisapan's conspiracy, 265, 
266. 

Maneddo, brought to England by 
Waymouth, 394; given to Gorges, 
394 n. 

Mangoaks, warned against Lane by 
Pemisapan, 252, 253; reported to 
have entered into confederacy 
against English, 252; retire from 
towns, 253 ; reported to have traffic 
with natives of Chaimis Temoatan, 
254 ; said to have much copper, 255 ; 
Skiko a prisoner among, 255; 
Lane's desire to find, 254, 255; 
mentioned, 258; Indians report 
part of Lane's company killed by, 
260; feared by other Indians, 260, 
261. 

Manida, see Maneddo. 

Manteo, brought to England, 241; 
return, 241 n.; made lord of Roa- 
noke and Dasamonguepeuk, 241 n., 
293; warns Lane of Indian attack, 
256; on exploring expedition, 260; 
mentioned, 267, 300, 318; goes to 
Croatoan, 289; calls to coimtrymen, 
289; accompanies White as guide 
in expedition against Wingina's 
men, 292. 

MarcharU Royal, at Flores, 322. 

Margarita, Hawkins at, 139. 

Margaulx, 5; Cartier's name for birds 
seen at Island of Birds, 6. 

Marie, William, 37. 

Martasew, Governor John White lands 
at, 297. 

Martha's Vineyard, 332 n., 346 n. 

Martires, 312; same as the Florida 
Keys, 312 n. 

Martyr, Peter, see Anghiera, Pietro 
Martire d'. 

Mary and John, despatched to 
Maine coast with colonists, 397; 



James Davies probably the naviga- 
tor of, 398; Raleigh Gilbert captain 
of, 399; arrived in Pentecost har- 
bor only about twelve hours before 
the Gift, 406 n. ; in great danger from 
storm, 409; finds anchorage be- 
tween two islands, 409; anchored 
near Seguin Island, 410; towed 
into river of Sagadahoc, 410; un- 
loads provisions, 413; despatched 
to England, 418. 

Mary Rose, comes to Flores to await 
Spanish fleet, 322; anchors at 
Fayal, 322. 

Mary Stuart, queen of the Scots, de- 
ceived by Hawkins, 135. 

Mascomenge, Indian town, 248, 248 n. 

Massachusetts Bay, 330 n. 

Massachtisetts Historical Society, Pro- 
ceedings of, 398. 

Matanzas, White at, 312, 313. 

Mathew, John, death, 298. 

Matinicus Island, 405 n. 

Mayflower, in Provincetown Harbor, 
367 n., 388 n. 

Maynarde, Thomas, manuscript ac- 
count of Drake's last voyage, 
152. 

Meilleraye, Sir Charles de Mouy, 
Sieur de, 4. 

Menatoan, wife of, brought to Roa- 
noke, 292. 

Menatonon, Indian king, 237; taken 
prisoner by Lane, 248, 260; well 
informed, 248; gives account of 
neighboring country where pearls 
abound, 249-250; gives pearls to 
Lane, 249; promises to provide 
guides to country of pearls, 250; 
report of river of Moratoc, 251; 
released by Lane, 252; reported 
to be holding assembly of Wero- 
ances, 252; promises to provide 
guides to conduct Lane to Chaunis 
Temoatan, 255; sends pearl to 
Lane, 261 ; Lane puts trust in, 264- 
265. 

Menendez, Don Pedro, captured French 
fort in Florida, 122 n. 

Mesa de Mariel, Hawkins seeks, 115- 
116; Hawkins reaches, 116. 

Messamott, Indian ruler, 403. 

Metackwem, Indian town, 248. 



Hnko, ttiinl «i vlMnr «(. lO. 

Acsli* BulqaM, Don MHttL 
Mntw, <i^ o(, 140; BmAIm Midi 

Mnleo, OoH of, anrUiH kadi part of 
hta meo on Bbon o(, 146; AnwlM 
and Bariowv fair onntBti of, 3S7; 
kMd of ttnr of Montoo thoo^ 
tobeoMr,358. 

MqrtknjB, Loid of, mt Mcfflnyv, 
Sir CiMika do Uoay, Obot da. 

MBtod Hano, Fring wIIb froia. Mi. 

MMo», wUp fD TCTMV of Hon, 106, 
107. 

JTMMh ridp of HmtUdb on ttdrd 
wstvo, U7; in fl|^ wlttt Bfuor 
teda at Ban Jam « UhMt, 144-14S. 

"" " 1, 17 n. 

r,UBDd.a07. 

Mrttta Bint, 66 u, 

■oBa, QitfUuiMB bum BpaoUi boon 



Mawlagm, Wi qn io uU i near, 883 n.; 
dmribad, 868; Borin'a vOnato 
of i<n of, S62, Me B.; ealM hf 
WarmovOt "SL Gaocga,* 383 a., 
406n.; no«vld(noBttiatWi7moitth 
ast npcnMion, 888 n. 

Mmktg, mp. an. 

Ifont JoU, 39 n. 

Host Royal, 58 n.; named by Cat- 

tier, 59, 63; view from top of, 63. 
Montreal, origin of name of, 68 n. 
Mooidighl, at Cape Tiburon, 311; re-' 

ports seeing Spanish ships laden 

with treasure bound for Havana, 

312; to return directly to England, 

320; leaves Fiorea upon aiTival of 

the admiral, 321-322. Sea aUo 

MoOTukint. 
Moonihine, English pinnace off Mo- 

rocco, 307; in the open sea, 313. 

See aUo Moonlight. 
Moratico, river, tee Horatoc, riv^. 
Uoratoc, Indian town, 261. 
Horatoc Indians, retire from towns, 

263. 
Horatoc, river, violence of current, 25 1 ; 

same as Roanoke River, 251 n.; 

Lane goes up, 253-267; Lane desires 

the exploration of, 268. 
Uorgan, Uiles, fate, 18S. 
Uount Aldworth, 847. 




827; Ooanold 
directly for coast of, 327; eariiest 
English book relating to, 328; 
French fishing vessels came to coast 
of, 330 n.; abundance of fish on 
coast of, 331 n.; Pring's second 
voyage to, 343; Goanold's return 
from, 35S. 

New France, Gartier's first rdation of, 
4-31; language of natives, 30-31, 
86-88; Gartier's second voyage to, 
37-88; name given by Cartier, 88; 
application of name, 91; supposed 
by Francis I. to be part of Asia, 91; 
Gartier's third voyage to, 93-102. 

New Harbor, 377 n.. 407 n. 

Newfoundland, Cartier reaches, 4; 
description of, 6-7; Cartier along 
northwestern shore, 11 n.; Gartier's 
conjecture of passage between Ce^m 
Breton Island and, 14 n.; men- 
tioned, 28; Cartier approaches, 29; 
Carti^ leaves, 30; Gartier arrives 
at, on second voyage, 3S; men- 



INDEX 



441 



tioned, 80, 327, 399; Cartier touches 
at, 86 n.; Roberval viceroy of, 91; 
Cartier meets Roberval, at, 92; 
Cartier at, on third voyage, 95; 
Hore in, 107-110; fishing vessels 
at, 109 n., 131, 187 n., 194, 195 n., 
196-198, 330 n.; icebergs near, 
110 n.; Hawkins fishes off, 131; 
French ships at, 131; and the 
Cabots, 180; Gilbert decides to 
head for, 188, 190; Gilbert's ships 
meet at, 193, 195, 196; Basque 
fishermen at, 195 n.; Gilbert at, 
195-207; Gilbert's men made maps 
of, 200; described, 200-206; cli- 
mate, 201-202; products, 203-206; 
supposed existence of silver in, 205, 
216, 217; survivors of wreck of 
Ddight reach, 213; fishing off New 
England coast compared with that 
of, 331, 345, 391, 401. 

Newsiok, see Newasiwac. 

No Bian's Land, island, 332 n. 

Nomopana, river, 237; same as the 
Chowan, 237 n. 

Nonpareilia, comes to Flores to await 
Spanish fieet, 322. 

Normandy, some of Roberval's sup- 
plies to be procured in, 94. 

North Cape, 40 n. 

North Carolina, Amadas and Barlowe 
along coast of, 228; changes in 
coast of, 228 n.; mentioned, 318 n. 

North Haven, 345 n. 

''North Land,'' probable identity of, 
330 n. 

North Point, 14 n., 16 n., 27 n. 

Northwest passage to East Indies, 
and the Cabots, 105; Sir Humphrey 
Gilbert desires permission to search 
for, 177. 

Norumbega, Roberval called lord of, 
91. 

Nova Hispania, eee Mexico. 

Nova Scotia, 107 n. 

Nueva Espafia, eee Mexico. 

Nugent, Irishman with Lane, kills 
Pemisapan, 267. 

Occam, 235, 237; probable applica- 
tion of name, 235 n., 237 n. 
Ocracoke Inlet, 247 n. 
Ohanoak, Indian town, 248. 



Ohaunoock, 248 n. 

Okisko, Indian king, 248; announces 
intention of doing homage to queen 
of England, 261; Inditms plan to 
enlist, against English, 263; refuses 
to join conspiracy, 265. 

Old Fort, 8 n. 

Opossians, visit English colonists, 248. 

Orenoque, eee Orinoco. 

Organes, 312, 321. 

Orinoco River, discovery of, 383. 

Osacan, imfriendliness to English, 
262; mentioned, 267. 

Ottawa, river, 63 n. 

Pacific Ocean, Drake views, 151; 

crossed by Drake, 151. 
Padstow Bay, Hawkins arrives at, 

131. 
Painpont, Martin de, accompanies 

Caxtier on voyage of exploration, 99. 
Pamlico River, 237 n. 
Pamlico Soimd, 229 n., 235 n.; Sir 

Richard Grenville crossed, 247 n. 
Panama, Isthmus of, Drake crosses, 

151. 
Pananuaioc, eee Pomooik. 
Parkhurst, Anthony, in voyage of 

John Hawkins, 1565, 132. 
Parkman, Francis, quoted, 372 n. 
Parmenius, Stephen, fate, 212. 
Pashipskoke, see Pejepscot. 
Pasquenoke, Indian town, 248. 
Passage Island, 308 n. 
Passaquenoke, eee Pasquenoke. 
Paul, John, mate of Oolden Hind, 

192 n.; reckonings of course from 

Cape Race to Cape Breton, 209. 
Pearl-fishing, by Spaniards, 127. 
Pearls, found in mussels, 367. 
Peckham, Sir George, furnished aid 

to Gilbert's expedition, 186. 
Pedro, deserts to Spaniards at Porto 

Rico, 309. 
Pejepscot, river, Captain Popham 

goes to, 411. 
Pemaquid, 347 n., 377 n.; Captain 

Gilbert lands at, 407; Popham 

colonists at, 408; Indians of, 408, 

413; Captain Gilbert finds Indiana 

gone from, 414. 
Pemisapan, eee Wingina. 
Penguin Island, Hore at, 107; abun- 



443 



niDlEX 



danoe of IjMb on, 107, 106; dieted 
1^ QObert'B ezpeditkHit IM. 

Penofaooot Bay, iiS n. 

PeDobMot Biyer, attempt to identify 
great liver diaoovered 1^ Way- 
month with, 870n.; Baahabea' abode 
on, 878 n., 880 n., 406, 418; men- 
tioned, 408 n.; SUdwarres and 
otiier Indtana promise to aoeom- 
pany (Hlbert to, 418; Captain Gil- 
bert atarta for, 418; Gilbert laib 
to find, 414; Popham promiaea to 
|0 to, 41& 

Fonteooet Harbor, 864; identified with 
8t George's Harbor, 864 n.; Way- 
month andiored in, 864, 866; Fop- 
hvn ookmists in, 867 n., 406 n.; 
^ypointod as rendeavoos for F^ 
ham's ships, 882 n. 

Pestilenoe among Ckrtier's men, 78-76; 
Gartier finds cure for, 76-77. 

Petit Val, R^ihafll da, ess Du Ftetit 
Val,BiH?haeL 

Petman, Niehdas, in expedition of 
Amadas and Bailowe, 241. 

Fhil^ II., aends Pddro Menendes to 
destroy French colonists in Florida, 
122 n.; deceived by Hawkins, 185; 
mentioned, 180, 141, 286. 

Philippines, Drake goes to, 151. 

Phillips, Miles, in Hawkins's voyage of 
156i8, 146 n. ; narrative of, 146 n. 

Piamacum, Indian king, 238; at war 
with Wingina, 239; hated by in- 
habitants of Secotan, 239; inhabit- 
ants of Secotan wish Englishmen 
to attack, 239. 

Pico, island of Azores group, 322, 
345 n. 

Picquemians, reports of, 79. 

Pilgrims, in Provincetown Harbor, 
367 n., 388 n. 

Pillage Bay, 40 n. 

Pinar del Rio, 116 n. 

Pipes of Indians, described, 333, 375. 

Piscataqua River, 346 n. 

Plymouth, England, Hawkins a native 
of, 113; Hawkins sails from, in 1564, 
114; Hawkins leaves, on third voy- 
age, 137; Drake sails from, 151; 
Drake returns to, 151; White at, 
282; mentioned, 307, 323; Popham 
oolonists sail from, 399 n. 



Flymonth Company, surv^, 414 n. 

Plymouth Harbor, Whitson's Bay 
identified with, 347 n. 

Fdnt Miscou, 18 n. 

Pdnt R^yes, 155 n. 

FdntRich, lln. 

Pointed Gape, 10; named, 11; same 
as Cow Head, 11 n. 

Pomeiock, ms Pomdok. 

P6meiok, Indian village, 237; visited 
by Qrenville, 247 n.; White sends 
offer of friendship to, 290; no reply 
received from message to natives of, 
291. 

Pomeyooc, ms Pometok. 

P6mxneraye, Charies de, 37, 57. 

P0mo<A,238. 

Ponce de Lecm, Juan, experiehce with 
currents off Florida, 118 n. 

Pont Briand, Claudius de, 37 ; accom- 
panies Cartier to Hochelaga, 57. 

Pooneno, Indian ruler, 237. 

Popham, George, in expedition to 
Mahie coast, 397; in the ship (?^ o/ 
Cfod, 809; anchors at Flores, 400; 
leaves Gilbert's ship, 401; sailed 
towards river of Pemaquid, 408; 
sends shallop to help other boat into 
river of Sagadahoc, 410; sails up 
the river, 410; starts work on forti- 
fication, 411; goes in shallop to 
river of Pejepscot, 411; entertained 
Bashabes* brother and other Ind- 
ians, 418; takes Indians to prayers, 
418; died, m New England, 419. 

Popham, Sir John, sent out vessel in 
command of Hanham, 358 n., 397; 
received two of Waymouth's Ind- 
ians, 394 n. ; joined Gorges in send- 
ing out colonists, 358 n., 397; 
letters sent from Popham colony 
to, 418. 

Popham colonists, sent out, 343; an- 
chored in Pentecost Harbor, 367 n., 
382 n., 406; find cross which they 
suppose was set up by Way mouth, 
367 n., 382 n., 406; no mention of 
anchorage at Monhegan in account 
of, 382 n. ; rendezvous at Pentecost 
Harbor appointed for, 382 n. ; Skico- 
waros accompanied, 394 n.; leave 
the Lizard, 399; date of departure, 
399 n.; at the Azores, 390-401; 



INDEX 



443 



meet Flemish ships, 400-401 ; ships 
of, are separated, 401; voyage of 
those in Gilbert's ship, 402-406; 
ships of, meet, 406; hold service 
on St. George's Island, 407; sail 
towards river of Pemaquid, 408; 
deserted by Skicowaros, 408; return 
to ships near St. George' s Island, 408 ; 
set sail to go to river of Sagadahoc, 
408; overshoot the place, 409; arrive 
in river of Sagadahoc, 410; make 
choice of place for settlement, 411; 
holds services and read patent, 411; 
work upon fortification, 411, 413, 
414; plan of fort of, found in ar- 
chives at Simancas, 411 n.; visited 
by Indians, 413; expedition to head 
of river, 414-417; visited by Ba- 
shabes' brother, 418; send back 
news of safe arrival, 4 18 ; pass winter 
of extreme cold, 419; build pinnace 
Virginia, 419; obtained fur from 
Indians, 419; gathered sarsaparilla : 
419 ; reasons for retium of, 419; 
departure, 419. 

Port Mariel, 1 15 n. 

Port of Balances, 7; same as Baie 
Royal, 7 n. 

Port of Brest, Gartier enters, 8; a ship 
passes, 9; Gartier leaves, 10; men- 
tioned, 11, 38. 

Port of Gutte, 7 ; now Greenish Harbor, 
7n. 

Port of Islettes, 8 ; same as Bradore 
Bay, 8 n. ; Gartier at, 9. 

Port Rognoso, Gartier leaves boat, at 
86. 

Port St. Julian, Drake at, 151. 

Porto Rico, see San Juan de Puerto 
Rico. 

Portsmouth, England, Lane arrives 
in, 271; White sails from, 282; 
mentioned, 297. 

Portsmouth, Virginia, 235 n. 

Portuguese fishing vessels off New- 
foundland, 194. 

Portus Novae Albionis, 155 n. 

Poulet, John, with Gartier on second 
voyage, 37 ; accompanies Gartier to 
Hochelaga, 57 ; goes to visit Donna- 
cona, 78; reports to Gartier results 
of embassy, 79. 
Powdawe, 392. 



Powhatan, and Roanoke colonists, 
230 n., 304. 

Powlet, John, see Poulet, John. 

Powwow ceremonies, 374. 

Pretty, Francis, narrative of Drake's 
voyage of circumnavigation, 151. 

Pridiox, Mr., sent to Hatorask, 264. 

Prince, George, 356, 370 n. 

Pring, Martin, voyage, 341-352; placed 
in command of expedition to Amer- 
ican coast, 343; accompanied by 
two of Gosnold's men, 343; voyage 
to Guiana, 343; later voyage to 
New England coast, 343, 358 n., 397 ; 
in East India service, 343-344; in 
command of whole English East 
India squadron, 344; return to 
England, 344; death, 344; a bio- 
graphical accoimt of, mentioned, 
344; sets out from Milford Haven, 
345; outward voyage, 345; arrives 
on coast, 345; goes up river, 346; 
finds no people, 346; at Whitson's 
Bay, 346-351; reason for northerly 
course, 351; arrival at Kingrode, 
352; mentioned, 394 n., 407 n. 

Pring, Martin, narrative of voyage of 
1603, editions of, 344. 

Provincetown Harbor, the Pilgrims 
in, 367 n., 388 n. 

Pungo River, 290 n. 

Quebec, 47 n., 54 n. 
Quiden, see Aquiden. 
Quirpon, 6 n. 

Ragged Island, 405 n. 

Rainbow, 322; at the Azores, 322. 

Ralegh, Sir Walter, in first expedition 
of Sir Humphrey Gilbert, 177, 225; 
and Gilbert's second expedition, 192, 
193, 225; military services, 225; 
fits out expedition, 225 ; and Hak- 
luyt's "discourse," 226; mentioned, 
227, 286; sends out ships with colo- 
nists, 230 n.; Manteo rewarded by 
order of, 241 n., 293; preparations 
for sending Lane and his companions, 
245; supplies failed to arrive from, 
257, 258; Indian king proposes to 
do homage to, 261; sends supplies 
to Roanoke in 1586, 275-277 ; grants 
privileges to John White and others 



for plABting colony in Virginia. 281. 
282; directed that White's eetlle- 
ment be nia<le at Chcsapealic Bay, 
281, 287; attempts to send relief 
to Roanoke Island cotoaiste who 
went in White's expedition, 303- 
306; and voyage of Gosnold and 
GUbert. 327; Brereton's Relation 
addreasod to, 320; permiasion for 
Pring'ti voyage obtained from, 343; 
voyage to Guiana, 383. 

Raleigh, one ot Sir Humphrey Giibert's 
sbipa, 192 ; abondona expedition, 
193 ; arrival at Plymouth, 193. 

Hamusio, Navigalioni, 3, 35, 36. 

RaoDoak, Me Roanoke. 

Raatall, Mr., accompanies Ilorc, 106; 
cntertainod by Sir Thomas Luttrell, 
110. 

RatclifFe, Waymouth's expedition sails 
from. 359. 

RedclyfTe, Cartler'a fort near, 98 n. 

Rttatum of a Voyage to Sagadahoc, 
395-415; discovery ot manuscript, 
397 ; editions, 397-398 ; passible 
authorship of, 398, 405 n.; manu- 
script used by Strachey before it 
was mutilated, 398; naonuscript 
came into handB of William Griffith, 
399, 399 a. 

Renapoaks, Indians report part of 
Lane's pompaay killed by, 260. 

Renewse, 190 n. 

Revenge, Sir Richard Grenville in 



245. 



122 n 



122 



Richcliou River, 72 n. 

Richmond Bay, 16 n. 

Richmond's leland, 412 n. 

Ridley, Hr., accompanies Hore, 106. 

Rio de la Uacba, resistance of treasurer 
of, to Hawkins, 139; inhabitants 
ot, trade eeoretly, ItO, 

Rio de Puercoa, 110.312. 

Rio Grande, in Africa, Hawkins at, 
138. 

River of Boats. 15; Oartier enters, 16; 
identified with the Narrows in Rich- 
mond Bay, 16 n. 

River of May, French eolony in, 120; 
same as St. John River, 120 n.; 



French ship secQ b; Hswktea In, 

122. 

Roanoke Island, 159 n., 230 n., 239; 
Barlowe visits Indian village on, 
236-236; praised, 240; Mantec 
madelordof, 241,293; colanistsat, 
247 n.; mentioned, 248, 262 n., 
visited by Drake, 249 n., 26S-271, 
276-277; Indians reported to be 
preparing to attack, 252, 265; Lane 
and his parly return to, 257; Okislca 
sends men to, 261; plan ot Indians 
to attack, 263; Indians assemble 
at, 266; Grenville lands men on, 
278; Whil« to relieve men left in 
1686 at, 281 ; White arrives at, 287; 
remains ot early EngUah colonisa- 
tion on, 2SS n.; natives of Croatoan 
promise to bring other Indian nders 
to, 290; Englishmen left in 16S6 
forced to leave. 291. 292; White's 
departure from, 295; Ralegh's at- 
tempts to send relief to, 303-30,*^; 
colonists b^eved to have gone to 
Croatoan from, 303, 318; smoke 
seen at, 314-315; White tinds r«- 
nuuns of settlement at, 317-318. 

Roanoke River, 251 a. 

Etoberval, Jean Franfois de la Rocque 
de, letters patent, 91; to establisb 
colony in New France, 91; locjited 
colony at Charleabourg Royal, 92; 
sent to France for supplies, 92; ex- 
plored Saguenay, 92; return to 
France, 92; appointed " Lieutenant 
and Govemour of Canada and Ho- 
chelaga."93; preparations tor expe- 
dition, 94; sent Cartier ahead, 94; 
Cartier waited for, 95 ; date of 
Cartier's meeting with, 95 n-; men- 
tioned, 97. 

RocheUe, 9. 

Rocky Bay, 9 n. 

Rocqucmado, 73. 

Rogneux, see Renewse. 

Rognoso, see Port Rognoso. 

Rose and Crown Shoal, 361 n. 

Rosier, James, 365; reasons for pub- 
lishing narrative of Waymouth's 
voyage, 357-358; reasons for omit- 
ting details about latitude and lan- 
guage of natives, 358; departure, 
359; near Azores, 360; among 



INDEX 



445 



shoals, 360-361 ; at anchor off Mon- 
hegan, 362; at islands near main- 
land, 363; estimates of distance, 
363 n.; comes to good harbor, 364; 
communicates with Indians, 368; 
offers to trade with Indians, 369; 
trades with Indians for skins, 371; 
writes down Indian names for things, 
371; tries Indian bow and arrow, 
372; gives presents to Indian chil- 
dren, 373 ; signs to Indians to leave 
vicinity of ship, 375; Indians give 
tobacco to, 375 ; trades with Indians, 
376; Waymouth plans to send 
ashore, 377; helps capture Indians, 
378-379; praises river found by 
Waymouth, 381-384, 386-387; surds 
up what has been accomplished on 
voyage, 388; found climate health- 
ful, 389; return voyage, 390-391; 
observations made of Indians, 391- 
392; quoted, 407 n. 

Rosier, James, True Relation of Way- 
mouth's Voyage, 1605, editions, 356. 

Rosse Bay, see Roxo Bay. 

Rouen, Roberval decides to go to, 94. 

Rougemont, Philip, 73; death, 74. 

Round Islands, the, Cartier approaches, 
42. 

Roxo Bay, 285 n. 

Sabenoa, calls himself lord of the river 
of Sagadahoc, 415; taken into 
Captain Gilbert's boat, 415; ac- 
dompanies Gilbert to houses of 
Indians, 416. 

Sable Island, 208 n., 401 n. 

Sable Island Bank, 401 n. 

Sablon, island of, see Sable Island. 

Sachadehoc, see Sagadahoc. 

Saco River, 346 n. 

Saffacomoit, brought to England by 
Waymouth, 394; recovered from 
Spaniards, 394 n. 

Sagadahoc, river of, 405; same as 
Kennebec, 405 n.; Popham colo- 
nists seek, 408, 409 ; the Oift comes 
into, 409; the Mary and John 
towed into, 410; Popham and Gil- 
bert sail up, 410; found to be broad 
and deep, 410, 411 ; place for settle- 
ment sdected near mouth of, 411; 
mentioned, 412; canoes come to en- 



trance of, 413 ; Captain Gilbert leaves 
fort to go for head of, 414; Sabenoa 
calls himself lord of, 415; cross set 
up near head of, 417; news sent to 
England from, 418; colonists leave, 
419. 

Saguenay, beginning of the way to, 41, 
71-72; mentioned, 63, 66, 69, 99; 
copper of, 41, 64, 72, 79; Indians 
of, 60, 72; described by Donnacona, 
72, 79; reported wealth of, 79, 93; 
Donnacona to describe, in France, 
82; Roberval viceroy of, 91; 
Roberval and Cartier to explore, 
93; Cartier seeks, 100-101. 

Saguenay River, Cartier in, 44 ; re- 
ports of, 71; mentioned, 84. 

St. Antony's Port, named, 9; same as 
Rocky Bay, 9 n. 

St. Augustine, 249 n., 276. 

St. Charles River, 47 n. 

St. Christopher's, 308. 

St. Croix, harbor of, Cartier in, on sec- 
ond voyage 47, 48; Cartier returns 
to, 64, 65; mentioned, 70, 92; Car- 
tier's sufferings in, 75, 91; Cartier 
leaves, 84; Cartier arrives at, on 
third voyage, 95; Cartier greeted 
by natives at, 95-96. 

St. Croix, one of Virgin Islands, 283, 
284, 310. 

St. George's Harbor, 364 n., 379 n., 
381 n., 389 n. See also Pentecost 
Harbor. 

St. George's Island, name given by 
Waymouth to Monhegan, 382 n., 
406 n.; name given by Popham 
colonists to island where they found 
Waymouth' s cross, 406, 406 n.; 
ships anchored at, 407, 408; ser- 
vices held by colonists on, 407. 

St. George's Islands, 363 n., 382 n., 
406 n.; products, 366. 

St. George's River, *' great river," dis- 
covered by Waymouth identified 
with, 370 n., mentioned, 381 n., 
384 n., 385 n. 

St. Germans, in Porto Rico, White 
wishes to stop at, 285. 

St. German's Islands, 39; same as 
Cape Whittle Islands, 39 n. 

St. Ives, arrival of Hore's expedition 
at, 110. 



416 



ii Smm Bl w» Obrtkr iiit •. 

8t JobB, eape of, 87. 

8t Jdba de Lob, S81. 

8t Jdba Btfw, WnoA mMmmmA on* 

12Q» m-129, ISl; HmfciiM Iftt 

1S3-1SL 
ii John^a^ NewftNiiidliiid, W a.; 

QHlMrtft eaqpedttion MMiMi, 196; 

ftiiinf vweb in, IfKMM; OilMrt 

tilBM pcMwwIoni of, in; QObert 

makeB gnnti of taad oo, 900; 00- 

bflrt dttiriB torn, 907; aMttttonad, 

906|917. 
8t Joimf tUff^lS; mnetiKeUudi^ 

4811. 
St KMiioriiifiPt HftTcn, 4. 
81b KfttberiiMrt Tiiaiirt, named, 7. 
8t Lawrenea'B Btgr, named, 40; aame 

aaPDIaffeBaj, 40n.; jMKakmA,42. 
St Lawiwee, Qulf of , 5 n., 80 n., 901, 

914. 
8tLaiwnneeBiw,90a.,97n.; aame 

aa xiTQT of Hoi^lwiagii, 41 a.; meiH 

tioned,186n.,901. 
8t liumurioPB Bagr, named, 17. 
8t-lfato, Oartlar aaila from, 8, 4; Om^ 

tkv letitrna to, 80; Oartfer and his 

meQreoelireaaofamieiiiat,87; m«i- 

tloned, 80 n., 02; return of Oartfer 

to, 86; Cartier's departure from, 

on third voyage, 01, 94; fships sent 

back to, 07. 
St. Margaret River, 69 n. 
St. Marie, one of the Azores, Gosnold 

and Gilbert near, 329. 
St. Martha's Islands, 39. 
St. Martin's Creek, 18; named, 19; 

Cartier's ships at anchor in, 20; 

Cartier leaves, 22. 
St. Mawce River, 64 n. 
St. Michael's Moimt, 297. 
St. Nicholas Haven, named, 40; same 

as Mushkoniatawee Bay, 40 n. 
St. Paul's Cape, named, 85; same as 

Cheticamp, 85 n. 
St. Pierre, 86 n. 
St. Peter's Cape, named, 15; same as 

Deadman's Island, 15 n. 
St. Peter's Islands, Cartier at, 86; same 

as St. Pierre, 86 n. 
St. Peter's Lake, 55 n. 
St. Peter's Strait, Cartier in, 28. 
St. Servans, port, 9. 



r 

Bagr, 8Sb. 
StWflliama 
flaleomlM^ 880 &• 



MLeMI 



WaiMJi.trtl 



Salobert^ Mee^ em Mobert, Man. 
aOmmm, Mp of EkMbb, 114; 

tfamed, 117; Mar ahoae ef naM$. 

118; JoiM Hie Jenit ef ImAm, 119l 
Saltane, Bobmt, in Maifm e^ped^ 

Hon, 848, 880. 
San Fmndbno, 188 n. 
San Fmneiaoo Bay, attew|il tn JdendJiy 

BralB6% '^eonvenient and lit hai^ 

lMroii^*'irilli,188n. 
Ban Jmm de Faerlo RlixH 188; WMIe 

kndial,884; Wlitte*aloi«eom*€f, 

rnKMIPe UaRBH^WHimH^^HBtt ^^^^^Wp ^^V^^Wp ^^^P^P|e ^Vflv^Py 

880. 

San Jmm de lllna, HMldBn entera 
port of, 140; tidrteon dil|i8 entar» 
141; deaoribed, 141-148; Haw- 
ktaa oblalne piomim of iKMnaaiQi& 
of, dming Ida atey, 148; mdnenee 
of, cHieeted i^afnal BmmUnB, 144; 
Dmlni al, 181; mentfoned. Sit. 

flMiknIy Head, 881 n. 

Santn Qmi, town on nom^ Chplain 
Pophmn anehond aft, 40Ql 

Santa Gmi, am St. Oroix. 

Santa Cruz, in Morocco, 307. 

Santo Domingo, dty, ship from, seises 
some of French from Florida, 123; 
Drake at, 240 n., 276; m^itioned, 
309, 310, 311, 321. 

Santos, Los, 308. 

Sao Jorge, island of Azores group, 
322 n., 323. 

Sao Miguel, island of Azores group, 
322 n., 323. 

Saona, 309; ship John ordered to 
remain near, 310. 

Sasanoa, Indian sachem, 403, 411. 

Sasanoa River, Gilbert seeks, 417. 

Sassafras, 76, 257, 351 ; fall in price of, 
in London market, 327; abundant 
in Cuttyhunk, 334-335; Indiana 
help English cut and carry, 338; 
not found near Whitson's Bay, 346, 
347; the Discoverer loaded with, 
350. 

Sault de St. Louis, Cartier seeks, 100 n. 

"Savage Rock," probable identity of, 
330 n.; Pring goes to, 346. 



INDEX 



447 



Schooner Island, 7 n. 

Scilly Islands, 190, 391. 

Scitadin, Indian village, 70, 80. 

Scranton, N.C., 290 n. 

Seal Island, 404 n., 405 n., 409 n. 

Secotan, Indian village, wreck of 
white people near, 237-238; in- 
habitants of, 238, 239, 290, 291; 
mentioned, 247; visited by Gren- 
viDe, 247 n. 

Seguin Island, 409, 410. 

Semeamis, a headland, described, 412. 

Sequotan, see Secotan. 

Seven Islands, the, 42 n. 

Severn River, John White in the, 297; 
mentioned, 387. 

Seymour, Rev. Richard, 407 n. 

Shakespeare, William, probable use 
of story of Gosnold's Elizabeth 
Isle in Tempest, 334 n. 

Shecatica Bay, 9 n. 

Sheepscot Bay, 417 n. 

Sidatin, see Scitadin. 

Sidney, Sir Henry, 177. 

Sierra Leone, 138. 

Silver, of Florida Indians, 126, 127; 
believed by Gilbert to exist in New- 
foundland, 205-206, 216-217. 

Skettwarroes, eee Skicowaros. 

Skicoak, Indian village, 235; location 
of, 235 n. ; Barlowe hears report of, 
237. 

Skicowaros, brought to England by 
Waymouth, 394 ; accompanied Pop- 
ham colonists, 394 n., 406, 406 n.; 
leads Captain Gilbert to where 
Indians arc, 407 ; accompanies Cap- 
tains Popham and Gilbert ashore, 
408; assures Indians that colonists 
do not mean to hurt them, 408; 
deserts colonists, 408; in fight with 
Sasanoa, 411 ; comes to see Popham 
colonists, 413; Captain Gilbert ac- 
companies, to his companions, 413; 
Gilbert delayed in going to see, 414; 
accompanies Bashabes' brother to 
fort, 418. 

Skidwarres, eee Skicowaros. 

Skiko, son of Indian king, Menatonon, 
held captive by Lane, 250; tells of 
mineral country, 255; Menatonon 
sends messenger to visit, 261; re- 
ports conspiracy of Pemisapan, 265. 



Skinner, Ralph, poor steering, 316; 
drowned, 316. 

Skyco, eee Skiko. 

Slafter, Carlos, memoir of Sir Hum- 
phrey Gilbert, 178. 

Slave-trade, John Hawkins engaged 
in, 113, 135, 137-140; no intima- 
tion by Hawkins of disgrace attached 
to, 135; forbidden by Spanish king, 
139; forbidden by governor of 
Cartagena, 140. 

Smerwick, 297. 

Smith, Thomas, in Governor White's 
colony, 298. 

Somers, Sir George, 419 n. 

South Carolina, Jean Ribault on coast 
of, 122 n. 

Southampton, England, 297 n. 

Southampton, Earl of, patron of Gos- 
nold in voyage to New England, 
334 n.; and Waymouth' s voyage, 
355. 

Southwest Cape, 15 n. 

Spain, and vessels sent by Hawkins, 
113; unsuccessful attempts in Flor- 
ida, 119, 182; war in the Nether- 
lands, 177, 275; the Armada of, 
152, 303, 352 n. 

Sparke, John, wrote accoimt of 1565 
voyage of John Hawkins, 113, 132; 
mentioned, 135. 

Sparks, Jared, 356. 

SpeedtoeU, in Pring's expedition, 343; 
duration of voyage, 352; may have 
been vessel which was with Drake 
in 1587 and 1588, 352 n 

Spicer, Edward, in White's expedition 
to Virginia, 288; arrives at Ci^ 
Tiburon, 311 ; joins White in search 
for Roanoke colonists, 3 15; drowned, 
316. 

Squirrel, in Gilbert's voyage of 1583, 
192; separated from Gilbert's ship, 
193; at St. John's, 196; Gilbert 
decides to go in, 207; reports of 
strange voices heard by men of, 210; 
escapes from shoals, 211; crew of, de- 
sires to return home, 214; endan- 
gered by rough sea, 215; over- 
weighted, 217; Gilbert insists on 
continuing in, 218 ; wreck of, 219. 

Stadacona, described, 47; natives o( 
46-54, 66-72, 75-83, 95-97; Car- 



tier visits, 65-66; location, 70; 
gathering of Indians at, 102. 

[iBtalTord, Captain, sent to Cruatoon, 
264; report* arrival of fleet, 267; 
praised, 267; brings letter from 
fiir Francis Dralce, 263; goes to 
Vioquee. 284 ; mentioned, 2S7; goes 
to Croatoaa, 289 ; accompanies 
White to DosamonKUepeuk to take 
vengeance on Indians. 292. 

[ StArnatan, Indian tonn, 70. 

I. Stevens, Henry, 268 n.. 281. 

I etrachey, William, 304; used manu- 
Boript of Relation of a Voyage la Saga- 
dahoc before it was mutilated, 398; 
Hi»lorie o/ Travaiie iTilo Virginia Bri- 
tiinnM,398; quoted, 411 n., 415-419. 

r strait of Canso. 107 n. 

I Strait of Northumberland, supposed 

1 by Cartier to be a bay, 17 n. 

[■Btraita of Magellan, Drake at, 151, 

r 229 n.; mentioned, 229, 

I .Butquin, «e« Seguin. 

L .BwailoiB, ship of Hawkins, 114. 

[, fiwoUoic, in Gilbert's voyage of 1583, 
192; separated from Gilbert's ship, 
193; at Newfoundland, 195; orig- 
inally captured from pirates, 195; 
character of crew, 196, 196, 207; 
despoiled fishing vessel, 196; Gil- 
bert decides to leave, 206. 
Svnfl-sure, arrives at Flores, 322. 

Tahancdo, Indian sagamore, brought 
to England by Waymonth, 394; 
returned with Pring in 1606, 394 n., 
407 n.; called by Gorges Dehamda, 
394 n.; same as Nahanada, 407 n.; 
oavised Indians to lay aside bows and 
arrows. 407; comes forth to see 
colonista, 408; in fight with Sasanoa, 
411; visits Fopliam colonials, 413; 
Gilbert delayed in coming to, 414; 
accompooies Bashabcs' brother to 
fort. 418. 

Tahanock, Indian name for St. 
George's River, 370 n. 

Taignoagay, captured by Cartier, 25, 
26 n., 40, 41; greeted by natives of 
IbIo of Orleans, 46; talks with Don- 
nacona, 46; refuses to return to 
Cartier's ship, 48-49; acts as inter- 
preter, 49, 50; refuses to go to Ho- 



chelaga,£0; quarrels with Domagaia, 
51; suspected of treachery, 51; 
in device to prevent Cartier from 
going to Hochelaga, 52-34 ; ex- 
changee visits with Corlier, 65; 
desires baptism, 67; pretends to 
go hunting, 77; Fouiet viaite, 78; 
refuses Cartier's men entrance to 
his house, 79; wishes Cartier to 
capture Agonna, 79, 80; Cartier^ 
plan to recapture, 79; promises to 
bring Donnaeooa to visit Cartier, 
79,80; visit* Cartier, 81 ; reported 
unfriendliaesB of, SI, 100; sciicd by 
earlier, 81. 

Tailla, Indian town, 70. 

Tanaquiny, unfriendly to English, 262. 

Tancook Island, 402 n. 

Taientyn Indians, 403. 

Tarraquinc, appointed to kill Lane. 263. 

Tasq nan torn, captured by ThomAS 
Hunt. 394 n. 

Tavistock. England, 151. 

Teguenondahi Indians, 70. 

Terccira, 296 n., 399 n. 

Tetepano, accompanies Lane on ex- 
ploring expedition, 260. 

Thames River, value to England, 381, 



Thayer, Henry O., edited The 
hoc Colony, 398; quoted. 402 n. 

Thomuston, Me., 384 n.; westward 
trend of St. George's River at, 
385 a, ; memorial tablet in recogni- 
tion of tercentenary of Waymouth's 
voyage unveiled at, 385 n. 

Thornton, John Wingate, 336 n. 

Tiennot, 29. 

Tiger, ship of Hawkins, 114. 

Toljaoco, use by Indians of Stadacona, 
68; use by Florida Indiana, 126- 
126 ; introduction into England, 
126 n., 159 n. ; probably unknown 
to Drake when in California, 159 n.; 
mentioned, 292. 347, 348. 349, 372. 
394; given t« Gosnold and Gilbert 
by Indians, 333; term "drinking" 
in connection with, 333 n. ; brought 
by Indians to Waymouth, 373, 375; 
Bashabes reported to have much, 
375; Indians say that on the main' 
land theyhave.376; Bashabea offers 
to exchange, 381, 385. 



\ 



INDEX 



449 



Topsham, England, Captain Davies 
sails from, 419. 

Tortoises, at Island of Filberts, 45; 
at the Tortugas, 115; at St. Croix, 
283 ; on Cuttyhunk, 335. 

Tortugas, Hawkins at, 115. 

Toudamani Indians, 65. 

Treble Hill, 38 n. 

Trepassa, bay, 208. 

Trinidad, 320. 

THnUie, ship of Hore, 106, 107. 

Trinity Bay, 4 n. 

Tripanicks, visit English colonists, 
248. 

Trout River, Cartier enters, 42 n. 

Tucke, Mr., accompanies Hore, 106. 

Tuckfield, Mr., accompanies Hore, 
106. 

Turk's Island, 286 n. 

Tutonaguy, Indian town, 100. 

Twide, Richard, in Hawkins's expedi- 
tion of 1568, 146 n. 

Union Mountains, 363 n., 384 n. 
Ushant, 323. 

Vardohuus, 158 n. 

Vaux, W. S. W., editor The World Enr 
compassed by Sir Francis Drake, 152. 

Venezuela, 139 n. 

Verrazano, Giovanni de, voyage, 3. 

Vieques, 284 n., 286 n. 

Vigo, Hawkins at, 147. 

Vimeux, 91. 

Vinalhaven, 345 n. 

Virgin Islands, 283 n., 308, 309, 310 n. 

Virginia, discovery of a part of, by 
Amadas and Barlowe, 227-241; 
named, 230, 230 n.-231 n.; Lane's 
colonists in, 242-271; described by 
Lane, 246-259 ; the third voyage to, 
276-278; voyage of White and his 
company to, 281-300; first Chris- 
tian born in, 293; White's last 
voyage to, 305-323; voyage of 
Gosnold and Gilbert to north part 
of, 325-340; voyage of Pring to the 
north part of, 345-352; Way- 
mouth's voyage to the north part of, 
357-394; voyage of Popham colo- 
nists to north part of, 399-419. 

Virginia, pinnace built by Popham 
colonists, 411, 419; sets sail for 

2o 



England, 419; in fleet that sailed for 
Virginia, 419 n. 
Virginia Company, 281. 

Wade, Armigil, accompanies Hore, 106. 

Wade, WiUiam, 107. 

Wampum, manner of obtaining, 60; 
presented to Cartier, 82, 83, 84, 96. 

Wanchese, brought to England by 
Amadas and Barlowe, 241; un- 
friendly to English, 262, 290 n.; 
kept company with remnants of 
Wingina's men, 290. 

Wattes, John, vessels of, bound for 
West Indies, 303, 305. 

Wayman, George, see Waymouth, 
George. 

Waymouth, George, early life, 366; 
"The Jewell of Artes," 365; voyage 
in search of a northwest passage to 
India, 356; voyage of 1605, 366, 
357-394; failed to obtain advance- 
ment, 355; sights Azores, 360; 
observes latitude, 360; takes sound- 
ing, 361; desire to come upon the 
land in the daytime, 361; sends 
boat ahead, 361; near Monhegan, 
362 n.; name of vessel of, 363 n.; 
sends boat to soimd among islands, 
364; goes ashore on Allen's Island, 
364 n.; industry of, 365; cross set 
up by, 367; departs in shallop, 367; 
return to ship, 369; discovery of a 
"great river," 370, 388; goes ashore 
to have draught with seine, 371; 
shows loadstone to Indians, 371- 
372; entertains Indians at supper, 
372 ; called by Indians " Bashabes," 
373 ; has Indians spend night aboard 
ship, 374; Indians give tobacco to, 
376; liberal to Indians, 376; goes 
in boat to mainland with Indians, 
376; sends Owen Grifl^ ashore to 
see what Indians have to trade, 377; 
takes In4ians captive, 378-^79; 
coasts about adjoining islands, 379 ; 
makes trial of the fishing, 380; 
passes up the river, 381, 383, 385; 
named his landfall St. George, 382, 
382 n.; knowledge derived from 
early travels, 382; praises harbors 
along coast, 382 ; not known to have 
set up a cross on Monhegan, 382 n ; 



4B0 

PofriuHn ookuilrta found cross set up 
by, 382 n., 406; ezplore* on land. 
884-385; Bet up croM rin Ehorc 
of river, 380; d«eidea U, return. 
S87, S8S; puipoM of vaybge, 388; 
UkM Bounding! at mouth und a.p- 
pR^oh to livw, 380; inti^ded to 
pulitUi map, 388; d^MTttin-, S8&- 
SW; oomea <m ft flali b&itk, 390; 
mnitioned, 8M n., 407 n. 

Wcapecneoo, Indian town, 2ig ; Pemi- 
npftB Bends nKMBBngtini to, aw; 
■WW d the DAtlvea tA, J<rin oom- 
BpbmDj, 266, 280. 

Weep«neoc, Ung of, tm OkUco. 




WMpomeiak Sound, 2S1, 253; nm« 
as Albeourift Sonftd, 251 n. 

Webster, Noah, 336 n. 

Waopomlok, kbig of, m« <»ciako. 

West Indtee, davee brought by Haw- 
Una to, 113; nuntloned, 114, 808, 
805, 327; ezpedltloa of Drake 
aftainot, ISO; iad Ihlrd voyage of 
OtwkinB, 137, 138, 189; dlBOovery, 
182; Amadaa and Barlowe at, 227- 
328. 

Wbhe, John, and oartogmphy of 
Balegh voyageB, 229, 235 n., 237 n., 
230 n., 246 n., 247 a., 248 n. 

White, Governor John, voyage to 
Virginia, 279-300; granted privi- 
leges for planting a colony in Vir- 
ginia, 281, 282; to bring relief 
to men left by Grenville, 281 ; to 
seek new location for colony on 
shores of Chesapeake Bay, 281, 287; 
journal of voyage of 1587, 279-300; 
depaJture, 282 ; near Dominica, 
283; at St. Croix, 283-284; at 
anchorat Cottea, 284; at San Juan, 
284-285; hindered from landing on 
Hispaniola, 286; at Caycoa, 286- 
287; approaches Virginia, 287; 
in danger off Cape Fear, 287; ar- 
rival at Hatorask, 287; hindered 
from going to Chesapeake Bay, 287; 
goes to Roanoke, 287; searches for 
men left by Grenville, 288; orders 
men to prepare houses, 288; enter- 
tained by natives of Croatoan, 289; 
bears account of Indian attack on 
men left by Grenville, 290-201; 



proposes to avenge attack, 209; 
controversy with his company, 

203 ; urged to go to EngUuid for 
supplies, 294-295; sets sail for Eng. 
land, 205; near Azores, 296; en- 
counters storm, 206; return to 
£^l&nd, 297 ; mentiotied, 298; 
unsuccessful attempt in 1588, 303; 
last voyage to American coast, 30S- 
323 : takes passage in vessels bound 
for West Indies, 303, 305; misfor- 



807; 



I eoast, 807; •» 



CaBaries, 808; at Dominica. 808; 
at Uaaoa, 308; at San Jnaa, 308; 
on Httrn, 800; at Saona, 800; at 
Caps TIbaroB, 810-311; near CtJbtt, 
812; akoig ooast of Florida, 318; 
- — ■ 314; 



at anchor at northgait end at 
Ooatoan, 314; at Xbtora*, 8U; 
eneooragod l^ aeeiiui moke at 
Roanoke, 814-815; i 
nWs, 815-810; 
to have gone to Ooatoan, 817- 
310; [dana to go to Ooatoaa, 810; 
obtalna promloe that he will be 
brou^t back to nrglnia, 320; de- 
parton, 820; at Fkcea, 821-323; 
arrival, 323. 

White Head, 22 n. 

White Mountains, 363 n., 384 n. 

White Sands, 7; described. 8, 10; 
inhabitants of, 10; Cartier returns 
to, 29-30; Cartier comes to, on 
second voyage, 38. 

Whitson, John, bay named for, 346. 

Whitson's Bay, 346; probable iden- 
tity, 346 n.-347 n.; Pring leaves, 
351. 

Wild Men's Cape, 15; named, 16; 
same as North Point, 18 n.; native 
seen at, 16. 

Williams, Talcott, 235 n., 288 n. 

Windward Passage, 312 n. 

Wingandacoa, mistaken for name of 
country of Wingina, 230, 237, 
277 n. 

Wingina, Indian king, comes to see 
Amadas and Barlowe, 230-231 ; 
Pooneno not subject to, 237; con- 
spiracy of, 246, 259-267; changed 
name to Pemisapan, 252; treachery 



INDEX 



451 



of, 252; desire to starve English, 
250; hears report that Lane has 
suffered at himds of Chaonists and 
Mangoaks, 260; contemptuous de- 
meanor towards English, 260; effect 
of Lane's return on, 260-261; says 
pearl sent by Menatonon is for 
ransom of son, 261; persuaded by 
Ensenore to order ground sown, 
262; to kill Lane, 263; reasons for 
going to Dasamonguepeuk, 264-265; 
sends messengers to Weopomeiok 
and to the Mandoages, 265; re- 
ceives Skiko, 265; promises to go 
over to Roanoke, 266; killed, 267; 
Englishmen reported to have been 
killed by followers of, 290-291, 
292. 

Winship, George Parker, SaUora* 
Narratives of New England Voy- 
ages, 328, 356, 384 n. 

Winter, John, on Drake's voyage 
around the world, 229. 

Winter, William, in expedition of Sir 
Humphrey Gilbert, 192; return to 
England, 192 n., 207. 



Wocokon, island, described, 228-229; 

mentioned, 237, 238, 314. 
Wood, Benjamin, in expedition of 

Amadas and Barlowe, 241. 
Wood, John, in expedition of Amadas 

and Barlowe, 241. 
Wooden Ball Island, 405 n. 
Woods, Leonard, found manuscript 

copy of Hakluyt's "discourse," 

226. 
Woorley, Thomas, in voyage of John 

Hawkins, 1565, 132. 
Wright, Mr., accompanies Hore, 106. 
Wriothesley, Henry, see Southamp- 
ton, Earl of. 
Wyngandecora, see Wingandacoa. 

Yaguana, river, 309; probable iden- 
tity of, 309 n. 

Yaguana, town in Hispaniola, 311; 
Captain William Lane captures 
Spanish ship at, 311. 

YagQez River, 309 n. 

York River, 346 n. 

Youghan, Mr., among oolonists with 
Lane, 258. 



Important Announcement of a Great Historical Work 

ORIGINAL NARRATIVES 
OF EARLY AMERICAN HISTORY 

REPRODUCED UNDER THE AUSPICES OP 
THE AMERICAN HISTORICAL ASSOCIATION 

General Editor: J. FRANELDf JAMESON, PhJ)., LL.D. 

Director of the Department of Historical Research in the 
Carnegie Institution of Washington 

£ach volume f octavo ^ cloth-bound^ about 450 pages 
$3.00 net Postage extra 



CHARLES SCRIBNER^ SONS^ Ptiblishers 



^^H£ broad scope and high purpose of this work should commend it to 
P every student of American history. 

The volumes are designed, in the words of the General Editor, to provide 
scholars and other individual readers of history, and the libraries of schools 
and colleges, with a comprehensive and well-rounded collection of those 
classical narratives on which the early history of the United States is founded 
— the ifistssima verba of the first narrators. Argonauts or eyewitnesses, viva- 
cious explorers or captains courageous. The plan furthermore contemplates 
the publication not of a body of extracts, but, in general, of whole works or 
distinct parts of works, in the best available translations when the originals 
were not in English, and from the earliest editions without alteration, or from 
those having the highest historical value. 

The editorial apparatus will be vafted and full. The special editors of the 
individual narratives, who have been selected with great care, will supply 
introductions, biographical and bibliographical, and such annotations, schol- 
arly but simple, as will enable the intelligent reader to understand and to 
estimate rightly the statements of the text. The maps will be such as will 
give real help towards the understanding of the events narrated in the volume. 
Each volume will have an index. 

The first volumes to appear will be "The Northmen, Columbus, and 
Cabot, 985-1503," "Early English Voyages, chiefly out of Hakluyt, 1 534-1607," 
and "The Spanish Explorers in the Southern United States, 1 528-1 543." 
The succeeding volumes will appear at regular intervals and as rapidly as is 
consistent with the care and authority necessary to be given to so important a 
project. The price at which the volumes will be published will bring them 
within the reach of all. Subscriptions are invited, payable as the volumes are 
bsued. For further information, address the publishers. 



THE NCHmOIEH OOUJUBUS^ AND CABOT 

9<6-f50S 

m TOTigga or the BUIIMMM. Edtedbr]iitJDiE.Oua^ 
ProfciioroftfaeSc aa dt BM iMiLMgaiaeiiDdlite nliw iiadieXfta- 
venitr of WiKOMbi. 

TBS Ton/us ov oaunmn mmd or jobm cabot. Edited 17 

^mtMoGnsumD Boon^PhJl^ PnifcMaK of m^ogy hi Yite Uat- 

CONTENTS 

ORUHNAL HAKRATIvm OT THE VOUiGEB Of THE MOKTHIfBr 

Tht S^ of Eric dw Kcd. 

The ^ORlnd HiMaf7 of dw Hal bhad Book. 

Fnm Adam of Bnnai^ "DtMi^lio iBMdnam AqidoBih'* 



ri|inirrlltn iiiiifinrnlin llin IfliTmiilr iif TTiriirlnrrnrnlinil 

ORKUKAL KAKXATITES (V TBB TOTAGEB OT OCXXnOCS 
AitidM of AffreeaMst betnn tfas Loid% 4o CMMk Smwl gi i ^ nd 



CohnnbM ippotated Ad^cd and Viensr af Sadk HriAiil a^ lataB^ tt 

he should discover. 
Title gianted by the Catholic Soverdgna to Cnstdbal Colon. 
Journal of the First Voyage of Columbus. 
Letter from Columbus to Luis de Santangel. 
Letter from Columbus to Ferdinand and Isabella oonceniing the Colonization 

and Commerce of EspaDola. 
Letter of Dr. Chanca on the Second Voyage of Columbus. 
Narrative of the Third Voyage of Colunbus as contained in Las Casas's 

History. 
The Letter to the Nurse of Prince John. 
Letter of Columbus on the Fourth Voyage. 

ORIGINAL NARRATIVES OF THE VOYAGES OF JOHN CABOT 

Letter of Lorenzo Pasqualigo to his Brothers Alvise and Francesco, Mer- 
chants in Venice. 

The First Letter of Raimondo de Sondno, Agent of the Duke of Milan, 
to the Duke. 

The Second Letter of Raimondo de Sondno to the Duke of Milan. 

Despatch to Ferdinand and Isabella from Pedro de Ayala^ Junior Ambassadoc 
at the Court of England, July 2j, 1498. 

^<A Maps and Faesimili Jleprm6ie/ums 



ORIGINAL NARRATIVES OB EARLY AMERICAN HISTORY 

THE SPANISH EXPLORERS 
IN THE SOUTHERN UNITED STATES 

1528-1543 

CONTENTS 

WANDERINGS OF CABEZA D£ VACA. Edited by Frederick W. 
Hodge of the Bureau of American Ethnology. 

EXPEDITION OF HERNANDO DE SOTO, by the Gentleman of Elvaa. 
Edited by Theodore H. Lewis, of St Paul. 

EXPEDITION OF CORONADO, by Pedrode CaataHeda. Edited by 
Frederick W. Hodge. 

WM Maps and Facsimile Reproduc&om 



EARLY ENGLISH VOYAGES 
CHIEFLY OUT OF HAKLUYT 

1534-1607 

Edited by the Rev. Dr. Henry S. Burrage, of the Maine Historical 

Society 

CONTENTS 

The First Relation of Jaques Cartier of S. Male (1534). 
A Shorte and Briefe Narration (Cartier's Second Voyage, 1 535-1 536). 
The Third Voyage of Discovery made by Captaine Jaques Cartier (i54X)* 
The Voyage of M. Hare (1536). 

The Voyage made by M. John Hawkins, Esquure (1566). 
The Third Troublesome Voyage made with the Jesus of Lubec (i 567-1 568). 
The World encompassed by Sir Francis Drake (1579). 
A Report of the Voyage by Sir Humfrey Gilbert, Knight (1583). 
The First Voyage made to the Coast of America. By Captain Arthur Bar- 
lowe (1584). 

3 



ORICmAL HARRATIVES OF EARLY AMERlCAff HISTORY 

An Account of llie Particularilies of the Imployments of the English Men left 
in Virginia. By Master Ralph Lane (1585-1586). 

The Third Voyage to Virginia (1586). By Master Ralph Lane. 

The Fourth Voyage made to Virginia in the Yere 158?. 

The Fift Voyage of M. John White (1590). 

Briefe and True Relation of the Dtscoverie of the North Part of Virginia 
(1602). By John Brereton. 

A Voj'age set out from the Citie of Bristol] (1603). By Martin Pring. 

A True Relation of Captaine Ceoige Weymouth his Voyage {1605). By 
James Rosier. 

The Relation of a Voyage into New England by Captain Popham and Ob- 
tain Gilbert (Relation of a Voyage to Sagadahoc, 1607). By James 
Davies. 

With Maps and Facsimile Reproductions 



PARTIAL LIST OP VOLUMES IN PREPARATION 

CHAMPLAIN'S VOYAGES. Edited by Mr. W. L. Grant, of Toronto. 

NARRATIVES OF EARLY VIROINIA. Edited by President L. G. 

Tyler, of the College of William and Mary. 

BRADFORD'S HISTORT OF FLTHOUTH PLAITTATIOIT. 

NARRATIVES OF NEW NETEERLAND. 

WINTHROP'S JOURNAL. Edited by Dr. ]. K. Hosmer. 

JOHNSON'S WONDER-WORKING KtOVIDENCE OF SIOVS SAVIOR 
IN NEW ENGLAND. Edited by Dr. J. F. Jaueson. 

NARRATIVES OF EARLY HAKYLAND. 



For FuUer InformaHon, send 6) Ae PuASshers 

CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS 

153-157 Fifth Avenue, New York 



f 



i 



4r 



